→ faster fuzzing : reinitialization with deep neural models ; we improve the performance of the american fuzzy lop ( afl ) fuzz testing framework by using generative adversarial network ( gan ) models to reinitialize the system with novel seed files . we assess performance based on the temporal rate at which we produce novel and unseen code paths . we compare this approach to seed file generation from a random draw of bytes observed in the training seed files . the code path lengths and variations were not sufficient ←
→ optimization by a quantum reinforcement algorithm ; a reinforcement algorithm solves a classical optimization problem by introducing a feedback to the system which slowly changes the energy landscape and converges the algorithm to an optimal solution in the configuration space . here , we use this strategy to concentrate ( localize ) preferentially the wave function of a quantum particle , which explores the configuration space of the problem , on an optimal configuration . we examine the method by solving numeric ←
→ nature inspired artificial intelligence based adaptive traffic flow distribution in computer network ; because of the stochastic nature of traffic requirement matrix , it is very difficult to get the optimal traffic distribution to minimize the delay even with adaptive routing protocol in a fixed connection network where capacity already defined for each link . hence there is a requirement to define such a method , which could generate the optimal solution very quickly and efficiently . this paper presenting ←
→ long timescale credit assignment in neuralnetworks with external memory ; credit assignment in traditional recurrent neural networks usually involves back - propagating through a long chain of tied weight matrices . the length of this chain scales linearly with the number of time - steps as the same network is run at each time - step . this creates many problems , such as vanishing gradients , that have been well studied . in contrast , a nnem ' s architecture recurrent activity doesn ' t involve a long chain of activity (←
→ transfer learning for named - entity recognition with neural networks ; recent approaches based on artificial neural networks ( anns ) have shown promising results for named - entity recognition ( ner ). in order to achieve high performances , anns need to be trained on a large labeled dataset . however , labels might be difficult to obtain for the dataset on which the user wants to perform ner : label scarcity is particularly pronounced for patient note de - identification , which is an instance of ner . in this work , we ←
→ automated playtesting with procedural personas through mcts with evolved heuristics ; this paper describes a method for generative player modeling and its application to the automatic testing of game content using archetypal player models called procedural personas . theoretically grounded in psychological decision theory , procedural personas are implemented using a variation of monte carlo tree search ( mcts ) where the node selection criteria are developed using evolutionary computation , replacing the stan ←
→ silnet : single - and multi - view reconstruction by learning from silhouettes ; the objective of this paper is 3d shape understanding from single and multiple images . to this end , we introduce a new deep - learning architecture and loss function , silnet , that can handle multiple views in an order - agnostic manner . the architecture is fully convolutional , and for training we use a proxy task of silhouette prediction , rather than directly learning a mapping from 2d images to 3d shape as has been the target in mo ←
→ proposal of pattern recognition as a necessary and sufficient principle to cognitive science ; despite the prevalence of the computational theory of mind and the connectionist model , the establishing of the key principles of the cognitive science are still controversy and inconclusive . this paper proposes the concept of pattern recognition as necessary and sufficient principle for a general cognitive science modeling , in a very ambitious scientific proposal . a formal physical definition of the pattern rec ←
→ product classification in e - commerce using distributional semantics ; product classification is the task of automatically predicting a taxonomy path for a product in a predefined taxonomy hierarchy given a textual product description or title . for efficient product classification we require a suitable representation for a document ( the textual description of a product ) feature vector and efficient and fast algorithms for prediction . to address the above challenges , we propose a new distributional semantics ←
→ towards quantitative measures in applied ontology ; applied ontology is a relatively new field which aims to apply theories and methods from diverse disciplines such as philosophy , cognitive science , linguistics and formal logics to perform or improve domain - specific tasks . to support the development of effective research methodologies for applied ontology , we critically discuss the question how its research results should be evaluated . we propose that results in applied ontology must be evaluated within th ←
→ a recorded debating dataset ; this paper describes an audio and textual dataset of debating speeches , a first - of - a - kind resource for the growing research field of computational argumentation and debating technologies . we detail the process of speech recording by professional debaters , the transcription of the speeches with an automatic speech recognition ( asr ) system , their consequent automatic processing to produce a text that is more " nlp - friendly ", and in parallel -- the manual transcription of the speec ←
→ online action recognition based on incremental learning of weighted covariance descriptors ; different from traditional action recognition based on video segments , online action recognition aims to recognize actions from unsegmented streams of data in a continuous manner . one way for online recognition is based on the evidence accumulation over time to make predictions from stream videos . this paper presents a fast yet effective method to recognize actions from stream of noisy skeleton data , and a novel w ←
→ exchanging owl 2 ql knowledge bases ; knowledge base exchange is an important problem in the area of data exchange and knowledge representation , where one is interested in exchanging information between a source and a target knowledge base connected through a mapping . in this paper , we study this fundamental problem for knowledge bases and mappings expressed in owl 2 ql , the profile of owl 2 based on the description logic dl - lite_r . more specifically , we consider the problem of computing universal solutions ←
→ segmental recurrent neural networks for end - to - end speech recognition ; we study the segmental recurrent neural network for end - to - end acoustic modelling . this model connects the segmental conditional random field ( crf ) with a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) used for feature extraction . compared to most previous crf - based acoustic models , it does not rely on an external system to provide features or segmentation boundaries . instead , this model marginalises out all the possible segmentations , and features are ←
→ an ontology for comprehensive tutoring of euphonic conjunctions of sanskrit grammar ; euphonic conjunctions ( sandhis ) form a very important aspect of sanskrit morphology and phonology . the traditional and modern methods of studying about euphonic conjunctions in sanskrit follow different methodologies . the former involves a rigorous study of the paninian system embodied in panini ' s ashtadhyayi , while the latter usually involves the study of a few important sandhi rules with the use of examples . the former ←
→ muse csp : an extension to the constraint satisfaction problem ; this paper describes an extension to the constraint satisfaction problem ( csp ) called muse csp ( multiply segmented constraint satisfaction problem ). this extension is especially useful for those problems which segment into multiple sets of partially shared variables . such problems arise naturally in signal processing applications including computer vision , speech processing , and handwriting recognition . for these applications , it is often diffi ←
→ spectral methods for learning multivariate latent tree structure ; this work considers the problem of learning the structure of multivariate linear tree models , which include a variety of directed tree graphical models with continuous , discrete , and mixed latent variables such as linear - gaussian models , hidden markov models , gaussian mixture models , and markov evolutionary trees . the setting is one where we only have samples from certain observed variables in the tree , and our goal is to estimate the tree s ←
→ camera calibration from dynamic silhouettes using motion barcodes ; computing the epipolar geometry between cameras with very different viewpoints is often problematic as matching points are hard to find . in these cases , it has been proposed to use information from dynamic objects in the scene for suggesting point and line correspondences . we propose a speed up of about two orders of magnitude , as well as an increase in robustness and accuracy , to methods computing epipolar geometry from dynamic silhouett ←
→ the dependent random measures with independent increments in mixture models ; when observations are organized into groups where commonalties exist amongst them , the dependent random measures can be an ideal choice for modeling . one of the propositions of the dependent random measures is that the atoms of the posterior distribution are shared amongst groups , and hence groups can borrow information from each other . when normalized dependent random measures prior with independent increments are applied , we c ←
→ memory augmented neural networks with wormhole connections ; recent empirical results on long - term dependency tasks have shown that neural networks augmented with an external memory can learn the long - term dependency tasks more easily and achieve better generalization than vanilla recurrent neural networks ( rnn ). we suggest that memory augmented neural networks can reduce the effects of vanishing gradients by creating shortcut ( or wormhole ) connections . based on this observation , we propose a novel memory a ←
→ a quantitative assessment of the effect of different algorithmic schemes to the task of learning the structure of bayesian networks ; one of the most challenging tasks when adopting bayesian networks ( bns ) is the one of learning their structure from data . this task is complicated by the huge search space of possible solutions and turned out to be a well - known np - hard problem and , hence , approximations are required . however , to the best of our knowledge , a quantitative analysis of the performance and chara ←
→ performance and convergence of multi - user online learning ; we study the problem of allocating multiple users to a set of wireless channels in a decentralized manner when the channel quali - ties are time - varying and unknown to the users , and accessing the same channel by multiple users leads to reduced quality due to interference . in such a setting the users not only need to learn the inherent channel quality and at the same time the best allocations of users to channels so as to maximize the social welfare ←
→ arco1 : an application of belief networks to the oil market ; belief networks are a new , potentially important , class of knowledge - based models . arco1 , currently under development at the atlantic richfield company ( arco ) and the university of southern california ( usc ), is the most advanced reported implementation of these models in a financial forecasting setting . arco1 ' s underlying belief network models the variables believed to have an impact on the crude oil market . a pictorial market model - developed on a ←
→ musegan : multi - track sequential generative adversarial networks for symbolic music generation and accompaniment ; generating music has a few notable differences from generating images and videos . first , music is an art of time , necessitating a temporal model . second , music is usually composed of multiple instruments / tracks with their own temporal dynamics , but collectively they unfold over time interdependently . lastly , musical notes are often grouped into chords , arpeggios or melodies in polyphonic music ←
→ first - person activity forecasting with online inverse reinforcement learning ; we address the problem of incrementally modeling and forecasting long - term goals of a first - person camera wearer : what the user will do , where they will go , and what goal they seek . in contrast to prior work in trajectory forecasting , our algorithm , darko , goes further to reason about semantic states ( will i pick up an object ?), and future goal states that are far in terms of both space and time . darko learns and forecasts from ←
→ adobe - mit submission to the dstc 4 spoken language understanding pilot task ; the dialog state tracking challenge 4 ( dstc 4 ) proposes several pilot tasks . in this paper , we focus on the spoken language understanding pilot task , which consists of tagging a given utterance with speech acts and semantic slots . we compare different classifiers : the best system obtains 0 . 52 and 0 . 67 f1 - scores on the test set for speech act recognition for the tourist and the guide respectively , and 0 . 52 f1 - score for semantic t ←
→ gaussian prototypical networks for few - shot learning on omniglot ; we propose a novel architecture for $ k $- shot classification on the omniglot dataset . building on prototypical networks , we extend their architecture to what we call gaussian prototypical networks . prototypical networks learn a map between images and embedding vectors , and use their clustering for classification . in our model , a part of the encoder output is interpreted as a confidence region estimate about the embedding point , and expressed ←
→ related family - based attribute reduction of covering information systems when varying attribute sets ; in practical situations , there are many dynamic covering information systems with variations of attributes , but there are few studies on related family - based attribute reduction of dynamic covering information systems . in this paper , we first investigate updated mechanisms of constructing attribute reducts for consistent and inconsistent covering information systems when varying attribute sets by using r ←
→ machine learning of linear differential equations using gaussian processes ; this work leverages recent advances in probabilistic machine learning to discover conservation laws expressed by parametric linear equations . such equations involve , but are not limited to , ordinary and partial differential , integro - differential , and fractional order operators . here , gaussian process priors are modified according to the particular form of such operators and are employed to infer parameters of the linear equations ←
→ comparison of multi - task convolutional neural network ( mt - cnn ) and a few other methods for toxicity prediction ; toxicity analysis and prediction are of paramount importance to human health and environmental protection . existing computational methods are built from a wide variety of descriptors and regressors , which makes their performance analysis difficult . for example , deep neural network ( dnn ), a successful approach in many occasions , acts like a black box and offers little conceptual elegance or phys ←
→ hyperspectral imaging and analysis for sparse reconstruction and recognition ; this thesis proposes spatio - spectral techniques for hyperspectral image analysis . adaptive spatio - spectral support and variable exposure hyperspectral imaging is demonstrated to improve spectral reflectance recovery from hyperspectral images . novel spectral dimensionality reduction techniques have been proposed from the perspective of spectral only and spatio - spectral information preservation . it was found that the joint sparse ←
→ sentiment analysis : a literature survey ; our day - to - day life has always been influenced by what people think . ideas and opinions of others have always affected our own opinions . the explosion of web 2 . 0 has led to increased activity in podcasting , blogging , tagging , contributing to rss , social bookmarking , and social networking . as a result there has been an eruption of interest in people to mine these vast resources of data for opinions . sentiment analysis or opinion mining is the computational treatment ←
→ rail : risk - averse imitation learning ; imitation learning algorithms learn viable policies by imitating an expert ' s behavior when reward signals are not available . generative adversarial imitation learning ( gail ) is a state - of - the - art algorithm for learning policies when the expert ' s behavior is available as a fixed set of trajectories . we evaluate in terms of the expert ' s cost function and observe that the distribution of trajectory - costs is often more heavy - tailed for gail - agents than the expert at a numb ←
→ stochastic configuration networks : fundamentals and algorithms ; this paper contributes to a development of randomized methods for neural networks . the proposed learner model is generated incrementally by stochastic configuration ( sc ) algorithms , termed as stochastic configuration networks ( scns ). in contrast to the existing randomised learning algorithms for single layer feed - forward neural networks ( slfnns ), we randomly assign the input weights and biases of the hidden nodes in the light of a supervisory ←
→ performance enhancement of distributed quasi steady - state genetic algorithm ; this paper proposes a new scheme for performance enhancement of distributed genetic algorithm ( dga ). initial population is divided in two classes i . e . female and male . simple distance based clustering is used for cluster formation around females . for reclustering self - adaptive k - means is used , which produces well distributed and well separated clusters . the self - adaptive k - means used for reclustering automatically locates initia ←
→ hierarchical decision making in electricity grid management ; the power grid is a complex and vital system that necessitates careful reliability management . managing the grid is a difficult problem with multiple time scales of decision making and stochastic behavior due to renewable energy generations , variable demand and unplanned outages . solving this problem in the face of uncertainty requires a new methodology with tractable algorithms . in this work , we introduce a new model for hierarchical decision ma ←
→ convergence rates for pretraining and dropout : guiding learning parameters using network structure ; unsupervised pretraining and dropout have been well studied , especially with respect to regularization and output consistency . however , our understanding about the explicit convergence rates of the parameter estimates , and their dependence on the learning ( like denoising and dropout rate ) and structural ( like depth and layer lengths ) aspects of the network is less mature . an interesting question in this co ←
→ effects of compensation , connectivity and tau in a computational model of alzheimer ' s disease ; this work updates an existing , simplistic computational model of alzheimer ' s disease ( ad ) to investigate the behaviour of synaptic compensatory mechanisms in neural networks with small - world connectivity , and varying methods of calculating compensation . it additionally introduces a method for simulating tau neurofibrillary pathology , resulting in a more dramatic damage profile . small - world connectivity is shown ←
→ q ($ λ $) with off - policy corrections ; we propose and analyze an alternate approach to off - policy multi - step temporal difference learning , in which off - policy returns are corrected with the current q - function in terms of rewards , rather than with the target policy in terms of transition probabilities . we prove that such approximate corrections are sufficient for off - policy convergence both in policy evaluation and control , provided certain conditions . these conditions relate the distance between the target an ←
→ data acquisition and database management system for samsung superconductor test facility ; in order to fulfill the test requirement of kstar ( korea superconducting tokamak advanced research ) superconducting magnet system , a large scale superconducting magnet and conductor test facility , sstf ( samsung superconductor test facility ), has been constructed at samsung advanced institute of technology . the computer system for sstf dac ( data acquisition and control ) is based on unix system and vxworks is used for ←
→ learning - based single - document summarization with compression and anaphoricity constraints ; we present a discriminative model for single - document summarization that integrally combines compression and anaphoricity constraints . our model selects textual units to include in the summary based on a rich set of sparse features whose weights are learned on a large corpus . we allow for the deletion of content within a sentence when that deletion is licensed by compression rules ; in our framework , these are impl ←
→ the generalized a * architecture ; we consider the problem of computing a lightest derivation of a global structure using a set of weighted rules . a large variety of inference problems in ai can be formulated in this framework . we generalize a * search and heuristics derived from abstractions to a broad class of lightest derivation problems . we also describe a new algorithm that searches for lightest derivations using a hierarchy of abstractions . our generalization of a * gives a new algorithm for searching an ←
→ aggregation of classifiers : a justifiable information granularity approach ; in this study , we introduce a new approach to combine multi - classifiers in an ensemble system . instead of using numeric membership values encountered in fixed combining rules , we construct interval membership values associated with each class prediction at the level of meta - data of observation by using concepts of information granules . in the proposed method , uncertainty ( diversity ) of findings produced by the base classifiers is ←
→ investigation of color constancy for ubiquitous wireless lan / camera positioning : an initial outcome ; this paper present our color constancy investigation in the hybridization of wireless lan and camera positioning in the mobile phone . five typical color constancy schemes are analyzed in different location environment . the results can be used to combine with rf signals from wireless lan positioning by using model fitting approach in order to establish absolute positioning output . there is no conventional ←
→ sequence modeling via segmentations ; segmental structure is a common pattern in many types of sequences such as phrases in human languages . in this paper , we present a probabilistic model for sequences via their segmentations . the probability of a segmented sequence is calculated as the product of the probabilities of all its segments , where each segment is modeled using existing tools such as recurrent neural networks . since the segmentation of a sequence is usually unknown in advance , we sum over all val ←
→ portuguese word embeddings : evaluating on word analogies and natural language tasks ; word embeddings have been found to provide meaningful representations for words in an efficient way ; therefore , they have become common in natural language processing sys - tems . in this paper , we evaluated different word embedding models trained on a large portuguese corpus , including both brazilian and european variants . we trained 31 word embedding models using fasttext , glove , wang2vec and word2vec . we evaluated them ←
→ efficient k - shot learning with regularized deep networks ; feature representations from pre - trained deep neural networks have been known to exhibit excellent generalization and utility across a variety of related tasks . fine - tuning is by far the simplest and most widely used approach that seeks to exploit and adapt these feature representations to novel tasks with limited data . despite the effectiveness of fine - tuning , itis often sub - optimal and requires very careful optimization to prevent severe over - fitt ←
→ developments in the theory of randomized shortest paths with a comparison of graph node distances ; there have lately been several suggestions for parametrized distances on a graph that generalize the shortest path distance and the commute time or resistance distance . the need for developing such distances has risen from the observation that the above - mentioned common distances in many situations fail to take into account the global structure of the graph . in this article , we develop the theory of one fam ←
→ long - term visual object tracking benchmark ; in this paper , we propose a new long video dataset ( called track long and prosper - tlp ) and benchmark for visual object tracking . the dataset consists of 50 videos from real world scenarios , encompassing a duration of over 400 minutes ( 676k frames ), making it more than 20 folds larger in average duration per sequence and more than 8 folds larger in terms of total covered duration , as compared to existing generic datasets for visual tracking . the proposed dataset ←
→ multiagent bidirectionally - coordinated nets : emergence of human - level coordination in learning to play starcraft combat games ; many artificial intelligence ( ai ) applications often require multiple intelligent agents to work in a collaborative effort . efficient learning for intra - agent communication and coordination is an indispensable step towards general ai . in this paper , we take starcraft combat game as a case study , where the task is to coordinate multiple agents as a team to defeat their enemies . to ←
→ learning to optimize neural nets ; learning to optimize is a recently proposed framework for learning optimization algorithms using reinforcement learning . in this paper , we explore learning an optimization algorithm for training shallow neural nets . such high - dimensional stochastic optimization problems present interesting challenges for existing reinforcement learning algorithms . we develop an extension that is suited to learning optimization algorithms in this setting and demonstrate that the learned opt ←
→ theoretical analysis of stochastic search algorithms ; theoretical analyses of stochastic search algorithms , albeit few , have always existed since these algorithms became popular . starting in the nineties a systematic approach to analyse the performance of stochastic search heuristics has been put in place . this quickly increasing basis of results allows , nowadays , the analysis of sophisticated algorithms such as population - based evolutionary algorithms , ant colony optimisation and artificial immune systems ←
→ towards a new paradigm for assistive technology at home : research challenges , design issues and performance assessment ; providing elderly and people with special needs , including those suffering from physical disabilities and chronic diseases , with the possibility of retaining their independence at best is one of the most important challenges our society is expected to face . assistance models based on the home care paradigm are being adopted rapidly in almost all industrialized and emerging countries . su ←
→ evaluation of interactive machine learning systems ; the evaluation of interactive machine learning systems remains a difficult task . these systems learn from and adapt to the human , but at the same time , the human receives feedback and adapts to the system . getting a clear understanding of these subtle mechanisms of co - operation and co - adaptation is challenging . in this chapter , we report on our experience in designing and evaluating various interactive machine learning applications from different domains .←
→ guide actor - critic for continuous control ; actor - critic methods solve reinforcement learning problems by updating a parameterized policy known as an actor in a direction that increases an estimate of the expected return known as a critic . however , existing actor - critic methods only use values or gradients of the critic to update the policy parameter . in this paper , we propose a novel actor - critic method called the guide actor - critic ( gac ). gac firstly learns a guide actor that locally maximizes the critic ←
→ learning to map vehicles into bird ' s eye view ; awareness of the road scene is an essential component for both autonomous vehicles and advances driver assistance systems and is gaining importance both for the academia and car companies . this paper presents a way to learn a semantic - aware transformation which maps detections from a dashboard camera view onto a broader bird ' s eye occupancy map of the scene . to this end , a huge synthetic dataset featuring 1m couples of frames , taken from both car dashboard and ←
→ a multi - agent simulation of retail management practices ; we apply agent - based modeling and simulation ( abms ) to investigate a set of problems in a retail context . specifically , we are working to understand the relationship between human resource management practices and retail productivity . despite the fact we are working within a relatively novel and complex domain , it is clear that intelligent agents do offer potential for developing organizational capabilities in the future . our multi - disciplinary resea ←
→ improvised comedy as a turing test ; the best improvisational theatre actors can make any scene partner , of any skill level or ability , appear talented and proficient in the art form , and thus " make them shine ". to challenge this improvisational paradigm , we built an artificial intelligence ( ai ) trained to perform live shows alongside human actors for human audiences . over the course of 30 performances to a combined audience of almost 3000 people , we have refined theatrical games which involve combinations ←
→ automatic text area segmentation in natural images ; we present a hierarchical method for segmenting text areas in natural images . the method assumes that the text is written with a contrasting color on a more or less uniform background . but no assumption is made regarding the language or character set used to write the text . in particular , the text can contain simple graphics or symbols . the key feature of our approach is that we first concentrate on finding the background of the text , before testing wheth ←
→ filter design and performance evaluation for fingerprint image segmentation ; fingerprint recognition plays an important role in many commercial applications and is used by millions of people every day , e . g . for unlocking mobile phones . fingerprint image segmentation is typically the first processing step of most fingerprint algorithms and it divides an image into foreground , the region of interest , and background . two types of error can occur during this step which both have a negative impact on the reco ←
→ transition - based parsing with context enhancement and future reward reranking ; this paper presents a novel reranking model , future reward reranking , to re - score the actions in a transition - based parser by using a global scorer . different to conventional reranking parsing , the model searches for the best dependency tree in all feasible trees constraining by a sequence of actions to get the future reward of the sequence . the scorer is based on a first - order graph - based parser with bidirectional lstm , which ←
→ fast multi - frame stereo scene flow with motion segmentation ; we propose a new multi - frame method for efficiently computing scene flow ( dense depth and optical flow ) and camera ego - motion for a dynamic scene observed from a moving stereo camera rig . our technique also segments out moving objects from the rigid scene . in our method , we first estimate the disparity map and the 6 - dof camera motion using stereo matching and visual odometry . we then identify regions inconsistent with the estimated camera motion ←
→ exploit bounding box annotations for multi - label object recognition ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have shown great performance as general feature representations for object recognition applications . however , for multi - label images that contain multiple objects from different categories , scales and locations , global cnn features are not optimal . in this paper , we incorporate local information to enhance the feature discriminative power . in particular , we first extract object proposals from each imag ←
→ importance sampling for minibatches ; minibatching is a very well studied and highly popular technique in supervised learning , used by practitioners due to its ability to accelerate training through better utilization of parallel processing power and reduction of stochastic variance . another popular technique is importance sampling -- a strategy for preferential sampling of more important examples also capable of accelerating the training process . however , despite considerable effort by the community in the ←
→ fusion de classifieurs pour la classification d ' images sonar ; in this paper , we present some high level information fusion approaches for numeric and symbolic data . we study the interest of such method particularly for classifier fusion . a comparative study is made in a context of sea bed characterization from sonar images . the classi - fication of kind of sediment is a difficult problem because of the data complexity . we compare high level information fusion and give the obtained performance .←
→ polish and english wordnets -- statistical analysis of interconnected networks ; wordnets are semantic networks containing nouns , verbs , adjectives , and adverbs organized according to linguistic principles , by means of semantic relations . in this work , we adopt a complex network perspective to perform a comparative analysis of the english and polish wordnets . we determine their similarities and show that the networks exhibit some of the typical characteristics observed in other real - world networks . we ana ←
→ inferring unknown biological function by integration of go annotations and gene expression data ; characterizing genes with semantic information is an important process regarding the description of gene products . in spite that complete genomes of many organisms have been already sequenced , the biological functions of all of their genes are still unknown . since experimentally studying the functions of those genes , one by one , would be unfeasible , new computational methods for gene functions inference are n ←
→ toward natural gesture / speech control of a large display ; in recent years because of the advances in computer vision research , free hand gestures have been explored as means of human - computer interaction ( hci ). together with improved speech processing technology it is an important step toward natural multimodal hci . however , inclusion of non - predefined continuous gestures into a multimodal framework is a challenging problem . in this paper , we propose a structured approach for studying patterns of multimoda ←
→ computing with logic as operator elimination : the toyelim system ; a prototype system is described whose core functionality is , based on propositional logic , the elimination of second - order operators , such as boolean quantifiers and operators for projection , forgetting and circumscription . this approach allows to express many representational and computational tasks in knowledge representation - for example computation of abductive explanations and models with respect to logic programming semantics - in a u ←
→ genaue modellbasierte identifikation von gynäkologischen katheterpfaden für die mrt - bildgestützte brachytherapie ; german text , english abstract : mortality in gynecologic cancers , including cervical , ovarian , vaginal and vulvar cancers , is more than 6 % internationally [ 1 ]. in many countries external radiotherapy is supplemented by brachytherapy with high locally administered doses as standard . the superior ability of magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) to differentiate soft tissue has led to an increasing us ←
→ active learning for accurate estimation of linear models ; we explore the sequential decision making problem where the goal is to estimate uniformly well a number of linear models , given a shared budget of random contexts independently sampled from a known distribution . the decision maker must query one of the linear models for each incoming context , and receives an observation corrupted by noise levels that are unknown , and depend on the model instance . we present trace - ucb , an adaptive allocation algorith ←
→ visual data deblocking using structural layer priors ; the blocking artifact frequently appears in compressed real - world images or video sequences , especially coded at low bit rates , which is visually annoying and likely hurts the performance of many computer vision algorithms . a compressed frame can be viewed as the superimposition of an intrinsic layer and an artifact one . recovering the two layers from such frames seems to be a severely ill - posed problem since the number of unknowns to recover is twice a ←
→ a bayesian alternative to mutual information for the hierarchical clustering of dependent random variables ; the use of mutual information as a similarity measure in agglomerative hierarchical clustering ( ahc ) raises an important issue : some correction needs to be applied for the dimensionality of variables . in this work , we formulate the decision of merging dependent multivariate normal variables in an ahc procedure as a bayesian model comparison . we found that the bayesian formulation naturally shrinks ←
→ detection and analysis of emotion from speech signals ; recognizing emotion from speech has become one the active research themes in speech processing and in applications based on human - computer interaction . this paper conducts an experimental study on recognizing emotions from human speech . the emotions considered for the experiments include neutral , anger , joy and sadness . the distinuishability of emotional features in speech were studied first followed by emotion classification performed on a custom data ←
→ infinity in computable probability ; here we show , contrary to the classical supposition , that a process for generating symbols according to some probability distribution need not , with any likelihood , produce a given finite text in any finite time , even if it is guaranteed to produce the text in infinite time . the result extends to target - free text generation and has implications for simulations of probabilistic processes .←
→ improved sparse low - rank matrix estimation ; we address the problem of estimating a sparse low - rank matrix from its noisy observation . we propose an objective function consisting of a data - fidelity term and two parameterized non - convex penalty functions . further , we show how to set the parameters of the non - convex penalty functions , in order to ensure that the objective function is strictly convex . the proposed objective function better estimates sparse low - rank matrices than a convex method which utilizes ←
→ fractional differentiation based image processing ; there are many resources useful for processing images , most of them freely available and quite friendly to use . in spite of this abundance of tools , a study of the processing methods is still worthy of efforts . here , we want to discuss the possibilities arising from the use of fractional differential calculus . this calculus evolved in the research field of pure mathematics until 1920 , when applied science started to use it . only recently , fractional calcul ←
→ image compression : sparse coding vs . bottleneck autoencoders ; bottleneck autoencoders have been actively researched as a solution to image compression tasks . however , we observed that bottleneck autoencoders produce subjectively low quality reconstructed images . in this work , we explore the ability of sparse coding to improve reconstructed image quality for the same degree of compression . we observe that sparse image compression produces visually superior reconstructed images and yields higher values of pi ←
→ no , this is not a circle ; a popular curve shown in introductory maths textbooks , seems like a circle . but it is actually a different curve . this paper discusses some elementary approaches to identify the geometric object , including novel technological means by using geogebra . we demonstrate two ways to refute the false impression , two suggestions to find a correct conjecture , and four ways to confirm the result by proving it rigorously . all of the discussed approaches can be introduced in classrooms at v ←
→ an efficient sufficient dimension reduction method for identifying genetic variants of clinical significance ; fast and cheaper next generation sequencing technologies will generate unprecedentedly massive and highly - dimensional genomic and epigenomic variation data . in the near future , a routine part of medical record will include the sequenced genomes . a fundamental question is how to efficiently extract genomic and epigenomic variants of clinical utility which will provide information for optimal welln ←
→ on timeml - compliant temporal expression extraction in turkish ; it is commonly acknowledged that temporal expression extractors are important components of larger natural language processing systems like information retrieval and question answering systems . extraction and normalization of temporal expressions in turkish has not been given attention so far except the extraction of some date and time expressions within the course of named entity recognition . as timeml is the current standard of temporal expre ←
→ better computer go player with neural network and long - term prediction ; competing with top human players in the ancient game of go has been a long - term goal of artificial intelligence . go ' s high branching factor makes traditional search techniques ineffective , even on leading - edge hardware , and go ' s evaluation function could change drastically with one stone change . recent works [ maddison et al . ( 2015 ); clark & storkey ( 2015 )] show that search is not strictly necessary for machine go players . a pure patter ←
→ inertial - aided rolling shutter relative pose estimation ; relative pose estimation is a fundamental problem in computer vision and it has been studied for conventional global shutter cameras for decades . however , recently , a rolling shutter camera has been widely used due to its low cost imaging capability and , since the rolling shutter camera captures the image line - by - line , the relative pose estimation of a rolling shutter camera is more difficult than that of a global shutter camera . in this paper , we pr ←
→ evolvability is inevitable : increasing evolvability without the pressure to adapt ; why evolvability appears to have increased over evolutionary time is an important unresolved biological question . unlike most candidate explanations , this paper proposes that increasing evolvability can result without any pressure to adapt . the insight is that if evolvability is heritable , then an unbiased drifting process across genotypes can still create a distribution of phenotypes biased towards evolvability , because e ←
→ domain aware neural dialog system ; we investigate the task of building a domain aware chat system which generates intelligent responses in a conversation comprising of different domains . the domain , in this case , is the topic or theme of the conversation . to achieve this , we present dom - seq2seq , a domain aware neural network model based on the novel technique of using domain - targeted sequence - to - sequence models ( sutskever et al ., 2014 ) and a domain classifier . the model captures features from current utter ←
→ temporal matrix completion with locally linear latent factors for medical applications ; regular medical records are useful for medical practitioners to analyze and monitor patient health status especially for those with chronic disease , but such records are usually incomplete due to unpunctuality and absence of patients . in order to resolve the missing data problem over time , tensor - based model is suggested for missing data imputation in recent papers because this approach makes use of low rank tensor as ←
→ using nuances of emotion to identify personality ; past work on personality detection has shown that frequency of lexical categories such as first person pronouns , past tense verbs , and sentiment words have significant correlations with personality traits . in this paper , for the first time , we show that fine affect ( emotion ) categories such as that of excitement , guilt , yearning , and admiration are significant indicators of personality . additionally , we perform experiments to show that the gains provided by ←
→ corrupt bandits for preserving local privacy ; we study a variant of the stochastic multi - armed bandit ( mab ) problem in which the rewards are corrupted . in this framework , motivated by privacy preservation in online recommender systems , the goal is to maximize the sum of the ( unobserved ) rewards , based on the observation of transformation of these rewards through a stochastic corruption process with known parameters . we provide a lower bound on the expected regret of any bandit algorithm in this corrupted s ←
→ on the cohomology of 3d digital images ; we propose a method for computing the cohomology ring of three -- dimensional ( 3d ) digital binary - valued pictures . we obtain the cohomology ring of a 3d digital binary -- valued picture $ i $, via a simplicial complex k ( i ) topologically representing ( up to isomorphisms of pictures ) the picture i . the usefulness of a simplicial description of the " digital " cohomology ring of 3d digital binary - valued pictures is tested by means of a small program visualizing the different ste ←
→ sentiment classification of food reviews ; sentiment analysis of reviews is a popular task in natural language processing . in this work , the goal is to predict the score of food reviews on a scale of 1 to 5 with two recurrent neural networks that are carefully tuned . as for baseline , we train a simple rnn for classification . then we extend the baseline to gru . in addition , we present two different methods to deal with highly skewed data , which is a common problem for reviews . models are evaluated using accu ←
→ acquisition of morphological families and derivational series from a machine readable dictionary ; the paper presents a linguistic and computational model aiming at making the morphological structure of the lexicon emerge from the formal and semantic regularities of the words it contains . the model is word - based . the proposed morphological structure consists of ( 1 ) binary relations that connect each headword with words that are morphologically related , and especially with the members of its morphological ←
→ active user authentication for smartphones : a challenge data set and benchmark results ; in this paper , automated user verification techniques for smartphones are investigated . a unique non - commercial dataset , the university of maryland active authentication dataset 02 ( umdaa - 02 ) for multi - modal user authentication research is introduced . this paper focuses on three sensors - front camera , touch sensor and location service while providing a general description for other modalities . benchmark results for f ←
→ high quality topic extraction from business news explains abnormal financial market volatility ; understanding the mutual relationships between information flows and social activity in society today is one of the cornerstones of the social sciences . in financial economics , the key issue in this regard is understanding and quantifying how news of all possible types ( geopolitical , environmental , social , financial , economic , etc .) affect trading and the pricing of firms in organized stock markets . in this ar ←
→ a novel retinal vessel segmentation based on histogram transformation using 2 - d morlet wavelet and supervised classification ; the appearance and structure of blood vessels in retinal images have an important role in diagnosis of diseases . this paper proposes a method for automatic retinal vessel segmentation . in this work , a novel preprocessing based on local histogram equalization is used to enhance the original image then pixels are classified as vessel and non - vessel using a classifier . for this class ←
→ bayesian verification under model uncertainty ; machine learning enables systems to build and update domain models based on runtime observations . in this paper , we study statistical model checking and runtime verification for systems with this ability . two challenges arise : ( 1 ) models built from limited runtime data yield uncertainty to be dealt with . ( 2 ) there is no definition of satisfaction w . r . t . uncertain hypotheses . we propose such a definition of subjective satisfaction based on recently introduced s ←
→ feature level fusion of face and palmprint biometrics by isomorphic graph - based improved k - medoids partitioning ; this paper presents a feature level fusion approach which uses the improved k - medoids clustering algorithm and isomorphic graph for face and palmprint biometrics . partitioning around medoids ( pam ) algorithm is used to partition the set of n invariant feature points of the face and palmprint images into k clusters . by partitioning the face and palmprint images with scale invariant features sift ←
→ deepnorm - a deep learning approach to text normalization ; this paper presents an simple yet sophisticated approach to the challenge by sproat and jaitly ( 2016 )- given a large corpus of written text aligned to its normalized spoken form , train an rnn to learn the correct normalization function . text normalization for a token seems very straightforward without it ' s context . but given the context of the used token and then normalizing becomes tricky for some classes . we present a novel approach in which the pr ←
→ a representation theory perspective on simultaneous alignment and classification ; one of the difficulties in 3d reconstruction of molecules from images in single particle cryo - electron microscopy ( cryo - em ), in addition to high levels of noise and unknown image orientations , is heterogeneity in samples : in many cases , the samples contain a mixture of molecules , or multiple conformations of one molecule . many algorithms for the reconstruction of molecules from images in heterogeneous cryo - em experiments ar ←
→ time - lagged autoencoders : deep learning of slow collective variables for molecular kinetics ; inspired by the success of deep learning techniques in the physical and chemical sciences , we apply a modification of an autoencoder type deep neural network to the task of dimension reduction of molecular dynamics data . we can show that our time - lagged autoencoder reliably finds low - dimensional embeddings for high - dimensional feature spaces which capture the slow dynamics of the underlying stochastic processes -←
→ on approximation guarantees for greedy low rank optimization ; we provide new approximation guarantees for greedy low rank matrix estimation under standard assumptions of restricted strong convexity and smoothness . our novel analysis also uncovers previously unknown connections between the low rank estimation and combinatorial optimization , so much so that our bounds are reminiscent of corresponding approximation bounds in submodular maximization . additionally , we also provide statistical recovery guarantee ←
→ resurrecting the sigmoid in deep learning through dynamical isometry : theory and practice ; it is well known that the initialization of weights in deep neural networks can have a dramatic impact on learning speed . for example , ensuring the mean squared singular value of a network ' s input - output jacobian is $ o ( 1 )$ is essential for avoiding the exponential vanishing or explosion of gradients . the stronger condition that all singular values of the jacobian concentrate near $ 1 $ is a property known as dynamica ←
→ nearly optimal exploration - exploitation decision thresholds ; while in general trading off exploration and exploitation in reinforcement learning is hard , under some formulations relatively simple solutions exist . optimal decision thresholds for the multi - armed bandit problem , one for the infinite horizon discounted reward case and one for the finite horizon undiscounted reward case are derived , which make the link between the reward horizon , uncertainty and the need for exploration explicit . from this resu ←
→ generating analytic insights on human behaviour using image processing ; this paper proposes a method to track human figures in physical spaces and then utilizes this data to generate several data points such as footfall distribution , demographic analysis , heat maps as well as gender distribution . the proposed framework aims to establish this while utilizing minimum computational resources while remaining real time . it is often useful to have information such as what kind of people visit a certain place or w ←
→ path - based spectral clustering : guarantees , robustness to outliers , and fast algorithms ; we consider the problem of clustering with the longest leg path distance ( llpd ) metric , which is informative for elongated and irregularly shaped clusters . we prove finite - sample guarantees on the performance of clustering with respect to this metric when random samples are drawn from multiple intrinsically low - dimensional clusters in high - dimensional space , in the presence of a large number of high - dimensional outli ←
→ seismic - net : a deep densely connected neural network to detect seismic events ; one of the risks of large - scale geologic carbon sequestration is the potential migration of fluids out of the storage formations . accurate and fast detection of this fluids migration is not only important but also challenging , due to the large subsurface uncertainty and complex governing physics . traditional leakage detection and monitoring techniques rely on geophysical observations including seismic . however , the resulting a ←
→ constraint solvers : an empirical evaluation of design decisions ; this paper presents an evaluation of the design decisions made in four state - of - the - art constraint solvers ; choco , eclipse , gecode , and minion . to assess the impact of design decisions , instances of the five problem classes n - queens , golomb ruler , magic square , social golfers , and balanced incomplete block design are modelled and solved with each solver . the results of the experiments are not meant to give an indication of the performance of ←
→ optimal rates for the regularized learning algorithms under general source condition ; we consider the learning algorithms under general source condition with the polynomial decay of the eigenvalues of the integral operator in vector - valued function setting . we discuss the upper convergence rates of tikhonov regularizer under general source condition corresponding to increasing monotone index function . the convergence issues are studied for general regularization schemes by using the concept of operator m ←
→ stochastic frank - wolfe methods for nonconvex optimization ; we study frank - wolfe methods for nonconvex stochastic and finite - sum optimization problems . frank - wolfe methods ( in the convex case ) have gained tremendous recent interest in machine learning and optimization communities due to their projection - free property and their ability to exploit structured constraints . however , our understanding of these algorithms in the nonconvex setting is fairly limited . in this paper , we propose nonconvex stochastic fr ←
→ aga : attribute guided augmentation ; we consider the problem of data augmentation , i . e ., generating artificial samples to extend a given corpus of training data . specifically , we propose attributed - guided augmentation ( aga ) which learns a mapping that allows to synthesize data such that an attribute of a synthesized sample is at a desired value or strength . this is particularly interesting in situations where little data with no attribute annotation is available for learning , but we have access to a large e ←
→ learning an invariant hilbert space for domain adaptation ; this paper introduces a learning scheme to construct a hilbert space ( i . e ., a vector space along its inner product ) to address both unsupervised and semi - supervised domain adaptation problems . this is achieved by learning projections from each domain to a latent space along the mahalanobis metric of the latent space to simultaneously minimizing a notion of domain variance while maximizing a measure of discriminatory power . in particular , we make us ←
→ greedy algorithms for cone constrained optimization with convergence guarantees ; greedy optimization methods such as matching pursuit ( mp ) and frank - wolfe ( fw ) algorithms regained popularity in recent years due to their simplicity , effectiveness and theoretical guarantees . mp and fw address optimization over the linear span and the convex hull of a set of atoms , respectively . in this paper , we consider the intermediate case of optimization over the convex cone , parametrized as the conic hull of a generic ←
→ a formal methods approach to pattern synthesis in reaction diffusion systems ; we propose a technique to detect and generate patterns in a network of locally interacting dynamical systems . central to our approach is a novel spatial superposition logic , whose semantics is defined over the quad - tree of a partitioned image . we show that formulas in this logic can be efficiently learned from positive and negative examples of several types of patterns . we also demonstrate that pattern detection , which is imple ←
→ predicting rapid fire growth ( flashover ) using conditional generative adversarial networks ; a flashover occurs when a fire spreads very rapidly through crevices due to intense heat . flashovers present one of the most frightening and challenging fire phenomena to those who regularly encounter them : firefighters . firefighters ' safety and lives often depend on their ability to predict flashovers before they occur . typical pre - flashover fire characteristics include dark smoke , high heat , and rollover (" angel ←
→ statistics of visual responses to object stimuli from primate ait neurons to dnn neurons ; cadieu et al . ( cadieu , 2014 ) reported that deep neural networks ( dnns ) could rival the representation of primate inferotemporal cortex for object recognition . lehky et al . ( lehky , 2011 ) provided a statistical analysis on neural responses to object stimuli in primate ait cortex . they found the intrinsic dimensionality of object representations in ait cortex is around 100 ( lehky , 2014 ). considering the outstanding perform ←
→ non - contextual modeling of sarcasm using a neural network benchmark ; one of the most crucial components of natural human - robot interaction is artificial intuition and its influence on dialog systems . the intuitive capability that humans have is undeniably extraordinary , and so remains one of the greatest challenges for natural communicative dialogue between humans and robots . in this paper , we introduce a novel probabilistic modeling framework of identifying , classifying and learning features of sarcastic ←
→ reparameterizing the birkhoff polytope for variational permutation inference ; many matching , tracking , sorting , and ranking problems require probabilistic reasoning about possible permutations , a set that grows factorially with dimension . combinatorial optimization algorithms may enable efficient point estimation , but fully bayesian inference poses a severe challenge in this high - dimensional , discrete space . to surmount this challenge , we start with the usual step of relaxing a discrete set ( here , of per ←
→ tensor regression meets gaussian processes ; low - rank tensor regression , a new model class that learns high - order correlation from data , has recently received considerable attention . at the same time , gaussian processes ( gp ) are well - studied machine learning models for structure learning . in this paper , we demonstrate interesting connections between the two , especially for multi - way data analysis . we show that low - rank tensor regression is essentially learning a multi - linear kernel in gaussian processes , an ←
→ first order generative adversarial networks ; gans excel at learning high dimensional distributions , but they can update generator parameters in directions that do not correspond to the steepest descent direction of the objective . prominent examples of problematic update directions include those used in both goodfellow ' s original gan and the wgan - gp . to formally describe an optimal update direction , we introduce a theoretical framework which allows the derivation of requirements on both the divergence and c ←
→ techniques for feature extraction in speech recognition system : a comparative study ; the time domain waveform of a speech signal carries all of the auditory information . from the phonological point of view , it little can be said on the basis of the waveform itself . however , past research in mathematics , acoustics , and speech technology have provided many methods for converting data that can be considered as information if interpreted correctly . in order to find some statistically relevant information fr ←
→ topic modeling using distributed word embeddings ; we propose a new algorithm for topic modeling , vec2topic , that identifies the main topics in a corpus using semantic information captured via high - dimensional distributed word embeddings . our technique is unsupervised and generates a list of topics ranked with respect to importance . we find that it works better than existing topic modeling techniques such as latent dirichlet allocation for identifying key topics in user - generated content , such as emails , ch ←
→ static and dynamic robust pca via low - rank + sparse matrix decomposition : a review ; principal components analysis ( pca ) is one of the most widely used dimension reduction techniques . robust pca ( rpca ) refers to the problem of pca when the data may be corrupted by outliers . recent work by candes , wright , li , and ma defined rpca as a problem of decomposing a given data matrix into the sum of a low - rank matrix ( true data ) and a sparse matrix ( outliers ). the column space of the low - rank matrix then gives the ←
→ time series analysis via matrix estimation ; we consider the task of interpolating and forecasting a time series in the presence of noise and missing data . as the main contribution of this work , we introduce an algorithm that transforms the observed time series into a matrix , utilizes singular value thresholding to simultaneously recover missing values and de - noise observed entries , and performs linear regression to make predictions . we argue that this method provides meaningful imputation and forecasting f ←
→ a note on semantic web services specification and composition in constructive description logics ; the idea of the semantic web is to annotate web content and services with computer interpretable descriptions with the aim to automatize many tasks currently performed by human users . in the context of web services , one of the most interesting tasks is their composition . in this paper we formalize this problem in the framework of a constructive description logic . in particular we propose a declarative servic ←
→ image classification using svms : one - against - one vs one - against - all ; support vector machines ( svms ) are a relatively new supervised classification technique to the land cover mapping community . they have their roots in statistical learning theory and have gained prominence because they are robust , accurate and are effective even when using a small training sample . by their nature svms are essentially binary classifiers , however , they can be adopted to handle the multiple classification tasks common in remo ←
→ detecting and counting tiny faces ; finding tiny faces ( by hu and ramanan ) proposes a novel approach to find small objects in an image . our contribution consists in deeply understanding the choices of the paper together with applying and extending a similar method to a real world subject which is the counting of people in a public demonstration .←
→ a biologically constrained model of the whole basal ganglia addressing the paradoxes of connections and selection ; the basal ganglia nuclei form a complex network of nuclei often assumed to perform selection , yet their individual roles and how they influence each other is still largely unclear . in particular , the ties between the external and internal parts of the globus pallidus are paradoxical , as anatomical data suggest a potent inhibitory projection between them while electrophys - iological recordings ←
→ examining the classification accuracy of tsvms with ? feature selection in comparison with the glad algorithm ; gene expression data sets are used to classify and predict patient diagnostic categories . as we know , it is extremely difficult and expensive to obtain gene expression labelled examples . moreover , conventional supervised approaches cannot function properly when labelled data ( training examples ) are insufficient using support vector machines ( svm ) algorithms . therefore , in this paper , we suggest t ←
→ towards high performance video object detection ; there has been significant progresses for image object detection in recent years . nevertheless , video object detection has received little attention , although it is more challenging and more important in practical scenarios . built upon the recent works , this work proposes a unified approach based on the principle of multi - frame end - to - end learning of features and cross - frame motion . our approach extends prior works with three new techniques and steadily pu ←
→ video frame synthesis using deep voxel flow ; we address the problem of synthesizing new video frames in an existing video , either in - between existing frames ( interpolation ), or subsequent to them ( extrapolation ). this problem is challenging because video appearance and motion can be highly complex . traditional optical - flow - based solutions often fail where flow estimation is challenging , while newer neural - network - based methods that hallucinate pixel values directly often produce blurry results . we combine ←
→ on minimax optimal offline policy evaluation ; this paper studies the off - policy evaluation problem , where one aims to estimate the value of a target policy based on a sample of observations collected by another policy . we first consider the multi - armed bandit case , establish a minimax risk lower bound , and analyze the risk of two standard estimators . it is shown , and verified in simulation , that one is minimax optimal up to a constant , while another can be arbitrarily worse , despite its empirical success a ←
→ bpemb : tokenization - free pre - trained subword embeddings in 275 languages ; we present bpemb , a collection of pre - trained subword unit embeddings in 275 languages , based on byte - pair encoding ( bpe ). in an evaluation using fine - grained entity typing as testbed , bpemb performs competitively , and for some languages bet - ter than alternative subword approaches , while requiring vastly fewer resources and no tokenization . bpemb is available at https :// github . com / bheinzerling / bpemb ←
→ on the robustness of a neural network ; with the development of neural networks based machine learning and their usage in mission critical applications , voices are rising against the \ textit { black box } aspect of neural networks as it becomes crucial to understand their limits and capabilities . with the rise of neuromorphic hardware , it is even more critical to understand how a neural network , as a distributed system , tolerates the failures of its computing nodes , neurons , and its communication channels , syn ←
→ geodesic - based salient object detection ; saliency detection has been an intuitive way to provide useful cues for object detection and segmentation , as desired for many vision and graphics applications . in this paper , we provided a robust method for salient object detection and segmentation . other than using various pixel - level contrast definitions , we exploited global image structures and proposed a new geodesic method dedicated for salient object detection . in the proposed approach , a new geodesic scheme ,←
→ interactive reinforcement learning for object grounding via self - talking ; humans are able to identify a referred visual object in a complex scene via a few rounds of natural language communications . success communication requires both parties to engage and learn to adapt for each other . in this paper , we introduce an interactive training method to improve the natural language conversation system for a visual grounding task . during interactive training , both agents are reinforced by the guidance from a comm ←
→ using a probabilistic class - based lexicon for lexical ambiguity resolution ; this paper presents the use of probabilistic class - based lexica for disambiguation in target - word selection . our method employs minimal but precise contextual information for disambiguation . that is , only information provided by the target - verb , enriched by the condensed information of a probabilistic class - based lexicon , is used . induction of classes and fine - tuning to verbal arguments is done in an unsupervised manner by em - bas ←
→ multiscale hierarchical convolutional networks ; deep neural network algorithms are difficult to analyze because they lack structure allowing to understand the properties of underlying transforms and invariants . multiscale hierarchical convolutional networks are structured deep convolutional networks where layers are indexed by progressively higher dimensional attributes , which are learned from training data . each new layer is computed with multidimensional convolutions along spatial and attribute variables ←
→ extracting man - made objects from remote sensing images via fast level set evolutions ; object extraction from remote sensing images has long been an intensive research topic in the field of surveying and mapping . most existing methods are devoted to handling just one type of object and little attention has been paid to improving the computational efficiency . in recent years , level set evolution ( lse ) has been shown to be very promising for object extraction in the community of image processing and compute ←
→ toward network - based keyword extraction from multitopic web documents ; in this paper we analyse the selectivity measure calculated from the complex network in the task of the automatic keyword extraction . texts , collected from different web sources ( portals , forums ), are represented as directed and weighted co - occurrence complex networks of words . words are nodes and links are established between two nodes if they are directly co - occurring within the sentence . we test different centrality measures for rank ←
→ mathematical language processing : automatic grading and feedback for open response mathematical questions ; while computer and communication technologies have provided effective means to scale up many aspects of education , the submission and grading of assessments such as homework assignments and tests remains a weak link . in this paper , we study the problem of automatically grading the kinds of open response mathematical questions that figure prominently in stem ( science , technology , engineering , and mat ←
→ reasoning about action : an argumentation - theoretic approach ; we present a uniform non - monotonic solution to the problems of reasoning about action on the basis of an argumentation - theoretic approach . our theory is provably correct relative to a sensible minimisation policy introduced on top of a temporal propositional logic . sophisticated problem domains can be formalised in our framework . as much attention of researchers in the field has been paid to the traditional and basic problems in reasoning about ←
→ blaming humans in autonomous vehicle accidents : shared responsibility across levels of automation ; when a semi - autonomous car crashes and harms someone , how are blame and causal responsibility distributed across the human and machine drivers ? in this article , we consider cases in which a pedestrian was hit and killed by a car being operated under shared control of a primary and a secondary driver . we find that when only one driver makes an error , that driver receives the blame and is considered causally ←
→ an empirical evaluation of current convolutional architectures ' ability to manage nuisance location and scale variability ; we conduct an empirical study to test the ability of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to reduce the effects of nuisance transformations of the input data , such as location , scale and aspect ratio . we isolate factors by adopting a common convolutional architecture either deployed globally on the image to compute class posterior distributions , or restricted locally to compute class ←
→ minimal dirichlet energy partitions for graphs ; motivated by a geometric problem , we introduce a new non - convex graph partitioning objective where the optimality criterion is given by the sum of the dirichlet eigenvalues of the partition components . a relaxed formulation is identified and a novel rearrangement algorithm is proposed , which we show is strictly decreasing and converges in a finite number of iterations to a local minimum of the relaxed objective function . our method is applied to several clust ←
→ learning compact convolutional neural networks with nested dropout ; recently , nested dropout was proposed as a method for ordering representation units in autoencoders by their information content , without diminishing reconstruction cost . however , it has only been applied to training fully - connected autoencoders in an unsupervised setting . we explore the impact of nested dropout on the convolutional layers in a cnn trained by backpropagation , investigating whether nested dropout can provide a simple and sy ←
→ module theorem for the general theory of stable models ; the module theorem by janhunen et al . demonstrates how to provide a modular structure in answer set programming , where each module has a well - defined input / output interface which can be used to establish the compositionality of answer sets . the theorem is useful in the analysis of answer set programs , and is a basis of incremental grounding and reactive answer set programming . we extend the module theorem to the general theory of stable models by ferr ←
→ efficient learning of bounded - treewidth bayesian networks from complete and incomplete data sets ; learning a bayesian networks with bounded treewidth is important for reducing the complexity of the inferences . we present a novel anytime algorithm ( k - max ) method for this task , which scales up to thousands of variables . through extensive experiments we show that it consistently yields higher - scoring structures than its competitors on complete data sets . we then consider the problem of structure learning fr ←
→ instant learning : parallel deep neural networks and convolutional bootstrapping ; although deep neural networks ( dnn ) are able to scale with direct advances in computational power ( e . g ., memory and processing speed ), they are not well suited to exploit the recent trends for parallel architectures . in particular , gradient descent is a sequential process and the resulting serial dependencies mean that dnn training cannot be parallelized effectively . here , we show that a dnn may be replicated over a massive ←
→ automatically annotated turkish corpus for named entity recognition and text categorization using large - scale gazetteers ; turkish wikipedia named - entity recognition and text categorization ( twnertc ) dataset is a collection of automatically categorized and annotated sentences obtained from wikipedia . we constructed large - scale gazetteers by using a graph crawler algorithm to extract relevant entity and domain information from a semantic knowledge base , freebase . the constructed gazetteers contains approxi ←
→ curiosity - driven reinforcement learning with homeostatic regulation ; we propose a curiosity reward based on information theory principles and consistent with the animal instinct to maintain certain critical parameters within a bounded range . our experimental validation shows the added value of the additional homeostatic drive to enhance the overall information gain of a reinforcement learning agent interacting with a complex environment using continuous actions . our method builds upon two ideas : i ) to take ←
→ dynamic stochastic orienteering problems for risk - aware applications ; orienteering problems ( ops ) are a variant of the well - known prize - collecting traveling salesman problem , where the salesman needs to choose a subset of cities to visit within a given deadline . ops and their extensions with stochastic travel times ( sops ) have been used to model vehicle routing problems and tourist trip design problems . however , they suffer from two limitations travel times between cities are assumed to be time independent ←
→ minimal proof search for modal logic k model checking ; most modal logics such as s5 , ltl , or atl are extensions of modal logic k . while the model checking problems for ltl and to a lesser extent atl have been very active research areas for the past decades , the model checking problem for the more basic multi - agent modal logic k ( mmlk ) has important applications as a formal framework for perfect information multi - player games on its own . we present minimal proof search ( mps ), an effort number based algori ←
→ the origin of mayan languages from formosan language group of austronesian ; basic body - part names ( bbpns ) were defined as body - part names in swadesh basic 200 words . non - mayan cognates of mayan ( my ) bbpns were extensively searched for , by comparing with non - my vocabulary , including ca . 1300 basic words of 82 an languages listed by tryon ( 1985 ), etc . thus found cognates ( cgs ) in non - my are listed in table 1 , as classified by language groups to which most similar cognates ( mscs ) of my bbpns belong . cgs of m ←
→ amlite : amharic transliteration using key map dictionary ; amlite is a framework developed to map ascii transliterated amharic texts back to the original amharic letter texts . the aim of such a framework is to make existing amharic linguistic data consistent and interoperable among researchers . for achieving the objective , a key map dictionary is constructed using the possible ascii combinations actively in use for transliterating amharic letters ; and a mapping of the combinations to the corresponding amhar ←
→ online group feature selection ; online feature selection with dynamic features has become an active research area in recent years . however , in some real - world applications such as image analysis and email spam filtering , features may arrive by groups . existing online feature selection methods evaluate features individually , while existing group feature selection methods cannot handle online processing . motivated by this , we formulate the online group feature selection problem , and propose a novel selection ←
→ information - theoretical label embeddings for large - scale image classification ; we present a method for training multi - label , massively multi - class image classification models , that is faster and more accurate than supervision via a sigmoid cross - entropy loss ( logistic regression ). our method consists in embedding high - dimensional sparse labels onto a lower - dimensional dense sphere of unit - normed vectors , and treating the classification problem as a cosine proximity regression problem on this sphere . we t ←
→ does intelligence imply contradiction ? ; contradiction is often seen as a defect of intelligent systems and a dangerous limitation on efficiency . in this paper we raise the question of whether , on the contrary , it could be considered a key tool in increasing intelligence in biological structures . a possible way of answering this question in a mathematical context is shown , formulating a proposition that suggests a link between intelligence and contradiction . a concrete approach is presented in the well - de ←
→ reconstruction of enhanced ultrasound images from compressed measurements using simultaneous direction method of multipliers ; high resolution ultrasound image reconstruction from a reduced number of measurements is of great interest in ultrasound imaging , since it could enhance both the frame rate and image resolution . compressive deconvolution , combining compressed sensing and image deconvolution , represents an interesting possibility to consider this challenging task . the model of compressive deconvolu ←
→ alternative restart strategies for cma - es ; this paper focuses on the restart strategy of cma - es on multi - modal functions . a first alternative strategy proceeds by decreasing the initial step - size of the mutation while doubling the population size at each restart . a second strategy adaptively allocates the computational budget among the restart settings in the bipop scheme . both restart strategies are validated on the bbob benchmark ; their generality is also demonstrated on an independent real - world problem ←
→ an unsupervised spatiotemporal graphical modeling approach to anomaly detection in distributed cps ; modern distributed cyber - physical systems ( cpss ) encounter a large variety of physical faults and cyber anomalies and in many cases , they are vulnerable to catastrophic fault propagation scenarios due to strong connectivity among the sub - systems . this paper presents a new data - driven framework for system - wide anomaly detection for addressing such issues . the framework is based on a spatiotemporal feature e ←
→ improved stereo matching with constant highway networks and reflective confidence learning ; we present an improved three - step pipeline for the stereo matching problem and introduce multiple novelties at each stage . we propose a new highway network architecture for computing the matching cost at each possible disparity , based on multilevel weighted residual shortcuts , trained with a hybrid loss that supports multilevel comparison of image patches . a novel post - processing step is then introduced , which emp ←
→ non - linear regression models for approximate bayesian computation ; approximate bayesian inference on the basis of summary statistics is well - suited to complex problems for which the likelihood is either mathematically or computationally intractable . however the methods that use rejection suffer from the curse of dimensionality when the number of summary statistics is increased . here we propose a machine - learning approach to the estimation of the posterior density by introducing two innovations . the new met ←
→ betarun soccer simulation league team : variety , complexity , and learning ; robocup offers a set of benchmark problems for artificial intelligence in form of official world championships since 1997 . the most tactical advanced and richest in terms of behavioural complexity of these is the 2d soccer simulation league , a simulated robotic soccer competition . betarun is a new attempt combining both machine learning and manual programming approaches , with the ultimate goal to arrive at a team that is trained enti ←
→ robust lane tracking with multi - mode observation model and particle filtering ; automatic lane tracking involves estimating the underlying signal from a sequence of noisy signal observations . many models and methods have been proposed for lane tracking , and dynamic targets tracking in general . the kalman filter is a widely used method that works well on linear gaussian models . but this paper shows that kalman filter is not suitable for lane tracking , because its gaussian observation model cannot faithfull ←
→ are visual dictionaries generalizable ? ; mid - level features based on visual dictionaries are today a cornerstone of systems for classification and retrieval of images . those state - of - the - art representations depend crucially on the choice of a codebook ( visual dictionary ), which is usually derived from the dataset . in general - purpose , dynamic image collections ( e . g ., the web ), one cannot have the entire collection in order to extract a representative dictionary . however , based on the hypothesis that the dict ←
→ just dial : domain alignment layers for unsupervised domain adaptation ; the empirical fact that classifiers , trained on given data collections , perform poorly when tested on data acquired in different settings is theoretically explained in domain adaptation through a shift among distributions of the source and target domains . alleviating the domain shift problem , especially in the challenging setting where no labeled data are available for the target domain , is paramount for having visual recognition system ←
→ modelling sparsity , heterogeneity , reciprocity and community structure in temporal interaction data ; we propose a novel class of network models for temporal dyadic interaction data . our goal is to capture a number of important features often observed in social interactions : sparsity , degree heterogeneity , community structure and reciprocity . we propose a family of models based on self - exciting hawkes point processes in which events depend on the history of the process . the key component is the conditiona ←
→ skolemization for weighted first - order model counting ; first - order model counting emerged recently as a novel reasoning task , at the core of efficient algorithms for probabilistic logics . we present a skolemization algorithm for model counting problems that eliminates existential quantifiers from a first - order logic theory without changing its weighted model count . for certain subsets of first - order logic , lifted model counters were shown to run in time polynomial in the number of objects in the domain of ←
→ personalized attention - aware exposure control using reinforcement learning ; we propose a reinforcement learning approach for real - time exposure control of a mobile camera that is personalizable . our approach is based on markov decision process ( mdp ). in the camera viewfinder or live preview mode , given the current frame , our system predicts the change in exposure so as to optimize the trade - off among image quality , fast convergence , and minimal temporal oscillation . we model the exposure prediction funct ←
→ software - defined robotics -- idea & approach ; the methodology of software - defined robotics hierarchical - based and stand - alone framework can be designed and implemented to program and control different sets of robots , regardless of their manufacturers ' parameters and specifications , with unified commands and communications . this framework approach will increase the capability of ( re ) programming a specific group of robots during the runtime without affecting the others as desired in the critical missions and ←
→ rain structure transfer using an exemplar rain image for synthetic rain image generation ; this letter proposes a simple method of transferring rain structures of a given exemplar rain image into a target image . given the exemplar rain image and its corresponding masked rain image , rain patches including rain structures are extracted randomly , and then residual rain patches are obtained by subtracting those rain patches from their mean patches . next , residual rain patches are selected randomly , and then a ←
→ long - term image boundary prediction ; boundary estimation in images and videos has been a very active topic of research , and organizing visual information into boundaries and segments is believed to be a corner stone of visual perception . while prior work has focused on estimating boundaries for observed frames , our work aims at predicting boundaries of future unobserved frames . this requires our model to learn about the fate of boundaries and corresponding motion patterns -- including a notion of " intuitiv ←
→ role of temporal inference in the recognition of textual inference ; this project is a part of nature language processing and its aims to develop a system of recognition inference text - appointed timinf . this type of system can detect , given two portions of text , if a text is semantically deducted from the other . we focused on making the inference time in this type of system . for that we have built and analyzed a body built from questions collected through the web . this study has enabled us to classify diffe ←
→ bisimulations for fuzzy automata ; bisimulations have been widely used in many areas of computer science to model equivalence between various systems , and to reduce the number of states of these systems , whereas uniform fuzzy relations have recently been introduced as a means to model the fuzzy equivalence between elements of two possible different sets . here we use the conjunction of these two concepts as a powerful tool in the study of equivalence between fuzzy automata . we prove that a uniform fuzzy rela ←
→ representing and combining partially specified cpts ; this paper extends previous work with network fragments and situation - specific network construction . we formally define the asymmetry network , an alternative representation for a conditional probability table . we also present an object - oriented representation for partially specified asymmetry networks . we show that the representation is parsimonious . we define an algebra for the elements of the representation that allows us to ' factor ' any cpt and to sou ←
→ ensemble validation : selectivity has a price , but variety is free ; if classifiers are selected from a hypothesis class to form an ensemble , bounds on average error rate over the selected classifiers include a component for selectivity , which grows as the fraction of hypothesis classifiers selected for the ensemble shrinks , and a component for variety , which grows with the size of the hypothesis class or in - sample data set . we show that the component for selectivity asymptotically dominates the component fo ←
→ camera pose estimation from lines using plücker coordinates ; correspondences between 3d lines and their 2d images captured by a camera are often used to determine position and orientation of the camera in space . in this work , we propose a novel algebraic algorithm to estimate the camera pose . we parameterize 3d lines using pl \" ucker coordinates that allow linear projection of the lines into the image . a line projection matrix is estimated using linear least squares and the camera pose is then extracted fro ←
→ les pomdp font de meilleurs hackers : tenir compte de l ' incertitude dans les tests de penetration ; penetration testing is a methodology for assessing network security , by generating and executing possible hacking attacks . doing so automatically allows for regular and systematic testing . a key question is how to generate the attacks . this is naturally formulated as planning under uncertainty , i . e ., under incomplete knowledge about the network configuration . previous work uses classical planning , and requir ←
→ when was that made ? ; in this paper , we explore deep learning methods for estimating when objects were made . automatic methods for this task could potentially be useful for historians , collectors , or any individual interested in estimating when their artifact was created . direct applications include large - scale data organization or retrieval . toward this goal , we utilize features from existing deep networks and also fine - tune new networks for temporal estimation . in addition , we create two new datasets of 6 ←
→ abstract syntax networks for code generation and semantic parsing ; tasks like code generation and semantic parsing require mapping unstructured ( or partially structured ) inputs to well - formed , executable outputs . we introduce abstract syntax networks , a modeling framework for these problems . the outputs are represented as abstract syntax trees ( asts ) and constructed by a decoder with a dynamically - determined modular structure paralleling the structure of the output tree . on the benchmark hearthstone datase ←
→ real - time optical flow - based video stabilization for unmanned aerial vehicles ; this paper describes the development of a novel algorithm to tackle the problem of real - time video stabilization for unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ). there are two main components in the algorithm : ( 1 ) by designing a suitable model for the global motion of uav , the proposed algorithm avoids the necessity of estimating the most general motion model , projective transformation , and considers simpler motion models , such as rigid t ←
→ fitted learning : models with awareness of their limits ; though deep learning has pushed the boundaries of classification forward , in recent years hints of the limits of standard classification have begun to emerge . problems such as fooling , adding new classes over time , and the need to retrain learning models only for small changes to the original problem all point to a potential shortcoming in the classic classification regime , where a comprehensive a priori knowledge of the possible classes or concepts i ←
→ the importance of clipping in neurocontrol by direct gradient descent on the cost - to - go function and in adaptive dynamic programming ; in adaptive dynamic programming , neurocontrol and reinforcement learning , the objective is for an agent to learn to choose actions so as to minimise a total cost function . in this paper we show that when discretized time is used to model the motion of the agent , it can be very important to do " clipping " on the motion of the agent in the final time step of the trajectory . b ←
→ gaussian processes and limiting linear models ; gaussian processes retain the linear model either as a special case , or in the limit . we show how this relationship can be exploited when the data are at least partially linear . however from the perspective of the bayesian posterior , the gaussian processes which encode the linear model either have probability of nearly zero or are otherwise unattainable without the explicit construction of a prior with the limiting linear model in mind . we develop such a prior ←
→ compadagrad : a compressed , complementary , computationally - efficient adaptive gradient method ; the adaptive gradient online learning method known as adagrad has seen widespread use in the machine learning community in stochastic and adversarial online learning problems and more recently in deep learning methods . the method ' s full - matrix incarnation offers much better theoretical guarantees and potentially better empirical performance than its diagonal version ; however , this version is computationally proh ←
→ on the theory of variance reduction for stochastic gradient monte carlo ; we provide convergence guarantees in wasserstein distance for a variety of variance - reduction methods : saga langevin diffusion , svrg langevin diffusion and control - variate underdamped langevin diffusion . we analyze these methods under a uniform set of assumptions on the log - posterior distribution , assuming it to be smooth , strongly convex and hessian lipschitz . this is achieved by a new proof technique combining ideas from finite - sum ←
→ object recognition with imperfect perception and redundant description ; this paper deals with a scene recognition system in a robotics contex . the general problem is to match images with < i > a priori </ i > descriptions . a typical mission would consist in identifying an object in an installation with a vision system situated at the end of a manipulator and with a human operator provided description , formulated in a pseudo - natural language , and possibly redundant . the originality of this work comes from the nat ←
→ lidar - based driving path generation using fully convolutional neural networks ; in this work , a novel learning - based approach has been developed to generate driving paths by integrating lidar point clouds , gps - imu information , and google driving directions . the system is based on a fully convolutional neural network that jointly learns to carry out perception and path generation from real - world driving sequences and that is trained using automatically generated training examples . several combinations of i ←
→ illuminating pedestrians via simultaneous detection & segmentation ; pedestrian detection is a critical problem in computer vision with significant impact on safety in urban autonomous driving . in this work , we explore how semantic segmentation can be used to boost pedestrian detection accuracy while having little to no impact on network efficiency . we propose a segmentation infusion network to enable joint supervision on semantic segmentation and pedestrian detection . when placed properly , the additional s ←
→ union of intersections ( uoi ) for interpretable data driven discovery and prediction ; the increasing size and complexity of scientific data could dramatically enhance discovery and prediction for basic scientific applications . realizing this potential , however , requires novel statistical analysis methods that are both interpretable and predictive . we introduce union of intersections ( uoi ), a flexible , modular , and scalable framework for enhanced model selection and estimation . methods based on uoi perform ←
→ towards a seamless integration of word senses into downstream nlp applications ; lexical ambiguity can impede nlp systems from accurate understanding of semantics . despite its potential benefits , the integration of sense - level information into nlp systems has remained understudied . by incorporating a novel disambiguation algorithm into a state - of - the - art classification model , we create a pipeline to integrate sense - level information into downstream nlp applications . we show that a simple disambiguation of ←
→ continuous occurrence theory ; usually gradual and continuous changes in entities will lead to appear events . but usually it is supposed that an event is occurred at once . in this research an integrated framework called continuous occurrence theory ( cot ) is presented to investigate respective path leading to occurrence of the events in the real world . for this purpose initially fundamental concepts are defined . afterwards , the appropriate tools such as occurrence variables computations , occurrence dependenc ←
→ a unified subspace outlier ensemble framework for outlier detection in high dimensional spaces ; the task of outlier detection is to find small groups of data objects that are exceptional when compared with rest large amount of data . detection of such outliers is important for many applications such as fraud detection and customer migration . most such applications are high dimensional domains in which the data may contain hundreds of dimensions . however , the outlier detection problem itself is not well de ←
→ perturb - and - mpm : quantifying segmentation uncertainty in dense multi - label crfs ; this paper proposes a novel approach for uncertainty quantification in dense conditional random fields ( crfs ). the presented approach , called perturb - and - mpm , enables efficient , approximate sampling from dense multi - label crfs via random perturbations . an analytic error analysis was performed which identified the main cause of approximation error as well as showed that the error is bounded . spatial uncertainty maps can be de ←
→ visual vocabulary learning and its application to 3d and mobile visual search ; in this technical report , we review related works and recent trends in visual vocabulary based web image search , object recognition , mobile visual search , and 3d object retrieval . especial focuses would be also given for the recent trends in supervised / unsupervised vocabulary optimization , compact descriptor for visual search , as well as in multi - view based 3d object representation .←
→ multi - view 3d models from single images with a convolutional network ; we present a convolutional network capable of inferring a 3d representation of a previously unseen object given a single image of this object . concretely , the network can predict an rgb image and a depth map of the object as seen from an arbitrary view . several of these depth maps fused together give a full point cloud of the object . the point cloud can in turn be transformed into a surface mesh . the network is trained on renderings of s ←
→ going deeper for multilingual visual sentiment detection ; this technical report details several improvements to the visual concept detector banks built on images from the multilingual visual sentiment ontology ( mvso ). the detector banks are trained to detect a total of 9 , 918 sentiment - biased visual concepts from six major languages : english , spanish , italian , french , german and chinese . in the original mvso release , adjective - noun pair ( anp ) detectors were trained for the six languages using an alexnet - sty ←
→ exploratory analysis of highly heterogeneous document collections ; we present an effective multifaceted system for exploratory analysis of highly heterogeneous document collections . our system is based on intelligently tagging individual documents in a purely automated fashion and exploiting these tags in a powerful faceted browsing framework . tagging strategies employed include both unsupervised and supervised approaches based on machine learning and natural language processing . as one of our key tagging ←
→ a probabilistic top - down parser for minimalist grammars ; this paper describes a probabilistic top - down parser for minimalist grammars . top - down parsers have the great advantage of having a certain predictive power during the parsing , which takes place in a left - to - right reading of the sentence . such parsers have already been well - implemented and studied in the case of context - free grammars , which are already top - down , but these are difficult to adapt to minimalist grammars , which generate sentences bottom -←
→ notes on a new philosophy of empirical science ; this book presents a methodology and philosophy of empirical science based on large scale lossless data compression . in this view a theory is scientific if it can be used to build a data compression program , and it is valuable if it can compress a standard benchmark database to a small size , taking into account the length of the compressor itself . this methodology therefore includes an occam principle as well as a solution to the problem of demarcation . becau ←
→ convolutional neural networks with low - rank regularization ; large cnns have delivered impressive performance in various computer vision applications . but the storage and computation requirements make it problematic for deploying these models on mobile devices . recently , tensor decompositions have been used for speeding up cnns . in this paper , we further develop the tensor decomposition technique . we propose a new algorithm for computing the low - rank tensor decomposition for removing the redundancy in the c ←
→ cnn - based automatic urinary particles recognition ; the urine sediment analysis of particles in microscopic images can assist physicians in evaluating patients with renal and urinary tract diseases . manual urine sediment examination is labor - intensive , subjective and time - consuming , and the traditional automatic algorithms often extract the hand - crafted features for recognition . instead of using the hand - crafted features , in this paper , we exploit cnn to learn features in an end - to - end manner to recognize t ←
→ automatic tm cleaning through mt and pos tagging : autodesk ' s submission to the nlp4tm 2016 shared task ; we describe a machine learning based method to identify incorrect entries in translation memories . it extends previous work by barbu ( 2015 ) through incorporating recall - based machine translation and part - of - speech - tagging features . our system ranked first in the binary classification ( ii ) task for two out of three language pairs : english - italian and english - spanish .←
→ bayesian learning in undirected graphical models : approximate mcmc algorithms ; bayesian learning in undirected graphical models | computing posterior distributions over parameters and predictive quantities is exceptionally difficult . we conjecture that for general undirected models , there are no tractable mcmc ( markov chain monte carlo ) schemes giving the correct equilibrium distribution over parameters . while this intractability , due to the partition function , is familiar to those performing parameter opt ←
→ epistemic analysis of strategic games with arbitrary strategy sets ; we provide here an epistemic analysis of arbitrary strategic games based on the possibility correspondences . such an analysis calls for the use of transfinite iterations of the corresponding operators . our approach is based on tarski ' s fixpoint theorem and applies both to the notions of rationalizability and the iterated elimination of strictly dominated strategies .←
→ detect adverse drug reactions for drug alendronate ; adverse drug reaction ( adr ) is widely concerned for public health issue . in this study we propose an original approach to detect the adrs using feature matrix and feature selection . the experiments are carried out on the drug simvastatin . major side effects for the drug are detected and better performance is achieved compared to other computerized methods . the detected adrs are based on the computerized method , further investigation is needed .←
→ training and inference with integers in deep neural networks ; researches on deep neural networks with discrete parameters and their deployment in embedded systems have been active and promising topics . although previous works have successfully reduced precision in inference , transferring both training and inference processes to low - bitwidth integers has not been demonstrated simultaneously . in this work , we develop a new method termed as " wage " to discretize both training and inference , where weights ( w ), ←
→ counterfactual prediction with deep instrumental variables networks ; we are in the middle of a remarkable rise in the use and capability of artificial intelligence . much of this growth has been fueled by the success of deep learning architectures : models that map from observables to outputs via multiple layers of latent representations . these deep learning algorithms are effective tools for unstructured prediction , and they can be combined in ai systems to solve complex automated reasoning problems . this p ←
→ optimizing spectral sums using randomized chebyshev expansions ; the trace of matrix functions , often called spectral sums , e . g ., rank , log - determinant and nuclear norm , appear in many machine learning tasks . however , optimizing or computing such ( parameterized ) spectral sums typically involves the matrix decomposition at the cost cubic in the matrix dimension , which is expensive for large - scale applications . several recent works were proposed to approximate large - scale spectral sums utilizing polynomial fu ←
→ integration of absolute orientation measurements in the kinectfusion reconstruction pipeline ; in this paper , we show how absolute orientation measurements provided by low - cost but high - fidelity imu sensors can be integrated into the kinectfusion pipeline . we show that integration improves both runtime , robustness and quality of the 3d reconstruction . in particular , we use this orientation data to seed and regularize the icp registration technique . we also present a technique to filter the pairs of 3d mat ←
→ adaptive plant propagation algorithm for solving economic load dispatch problem ; optimization problems in design engineering are complex by nature , often because of the involvement of critical objective functions accompanied by a number of rigid constraints associated with the products involved . one such problem is economic load dispatch ( ed ) problem which focuses on the optimization of the fuel cost while satisfying some system constraints . classical optimization algorithms are not sufficient and also i ←
→ fast and robust feature matching for rgb - d based localization ; in this paper we present a novel approach to global localization using an rgb - d camera in maps of visual features . for large maps , the performance of pure image matching techniques decays in terms of robustness and computational cost . particularly , repeated occurrences of similar features due to repeating structure in the world ( e . g ., doorways , chairs , etc .) or missing associations between observations pose critical challenges to visual localiz ←
→ bio - signals - based situation comparison approach to predict pain ; this paper describes a time - series - based classification approach to identify similarities between bio - medical - based situations . the proposed approach allows classifying collections of time - series representing bio - medical measurements , i . e ., situations , regardless of the type , the length and the quantity of the time - series a situation comprised of .←
→ mas for video objects segmentation and tracking based on active contours and surf descriptor ; in computer vision , video segmentation and tracking is an important challenging issue . in this paper , we describe a new video sequences segmentation and tracking algorithm based on mas " multi - agent systems " and surf " speeded up robust features ". our approach consists in modelling a multi - agent system for segmenting the first image from a video sequence and tracking objects in the video sequences . the used agents ←
→ why is compiling lifted inference into a low - level language so effective ? ; first - order knowledge compilation techniques have proven efficient for lifted inference . they compile a relational probability model into a target circuit on which many inference queries can be answered efficiently . early methods used data structures as their target circuit . in our kr - 2016 paper , we showed that compiling to a low - level program instead of a data structure offers orders of magnitude speedup , resulting in the state - o ←
→ a combinatorial solution to non - rigid 3d shape - to - image matching ; we propose a combinatorial solution for the problem of non - rigidly matching a 3d shape to 3d image data . to this end , we model the shape as a triangular mesh and allow each triangle of this mesh to be rigidly transformed to achieve a suitable matching to the image . by penalising the distance and the relative rotation between neighbouring triangles our matching compromises between image and shape information . in this paper , we resolve two maj ←
→ cost - effective active learning for deep image classification ; recent successes in learning - based image classification , however , heavily rely on the large number of annotated training samples , which may require considerable human efforts . in this paper , we propose a novel active learning framework , which is capable of building a competitive classifier with optimal feature representation via a limited amount of labeled training instances in an incremental learning manner . our approach advances the existing a ←
→ semantic texture for robust dense tracking ; we argue that robust dense slam systems can make valuable use of the layers of features coming from a standard cnn as a pyramid of ` semantic texture ' which is suitable for dense alignment while being much more robust to nuisance factors such as lighting than raw rgb values . we use a straightforward lucas - kanade formulation of image alignment , with a schedule of iterations over the coarse - to - fine levels of a pyramid , and simply replace the usual image pyramid by t ←
→ meta - evaluation of comparability metrics using parallel corpora ; metrics for measuring the comparability of corpora or texts need to be developed and evaluated systematically . applications based on a corpus , such as training statistical mt systems in specialised narrow domains , require finding a reasonable balance between the size of the corpus and its consistency , with controlled and benchmarked levels of comparability for any newly added sections . in this article we propose a method that can meta - evaluat ←
→ unsupervised learning of geometry with edge - aware depth - normal consistency ; learning to reconstruct depths in a single image by watching unlabeled videos via deep convolutional network ( dcn ) is attracting significant attention in recent years . in this paper , we introduce a surface normal representation for unsupervised depth estimation framework . our estimated depths are constrained to be compatible with predicted normals , yielding more robust geometry results . specifically , we formulate an edge - aware de ←
→ conjugate gradient acceleration of non - linear smoothing filters ; the most efficient signal edge - preserving smoothing filters , e . g ., for denoising , are non - linear . thus , their acceleration is challenging and is often performed in practice by tuning filter parameters , such as by increasing the width of the local smoothing neighborhood , resulting in more aggressive smoothing of a single sweep at the cost of increased edge blurring . we propose an alternative technology , accelerating the original filters withou ←
→ a symbolic approach to reasoning with linguistic quantifiers ; this paper investigates the possibility of performing automated reasoning in probabilistic logic when probabilities are expressed by means of linguistic quantifiers . each linguistic term is expressed as a prescribed interval of proportions . then instead of propagating numbers , qualitative terms are propagated in accordance with the numerical interpretation of these terms . the quantified syllogism , modelling the chaining of probabilistic rules , i ←
→ variational attention for sequence - to - sequence models ; the variational encoder - decoder ( ved ) encodes source information as a set of random variables using a neural network , which in turn is decoded into target data using another neural network . in natural language processing , sequence - to - sequence ( seq2seq ) models typically serve as encoder - decoder networks . when combined with a traditional ( deterministic ) attention mechanism , the variational latent space may be bypassed by the attention model , making the g ←
→ learning person trajectory representations for team activity analysis ; activity analysis in which multiple people interact across a large space is challenging due to the interplay of individual actions and collective group dynamics . we propose an end - to - end approach for learning person trajectory representations for group activity analysis . the learned representations encode rich spatio - temporal dependencies and capture useful motion patterns for recognizing individual events , as well as characteristic gro ←
→ saliency - guided perceptual grouping using motion cues in region - based artificial visual attention ; region - based artificial attention constitutes a framework for bio - inspired attentional processes on an intermediate abstraction level for the use in computer vision and mobile robotics . segmentation algorithms produce regions of coherently colored pixels . these serve as proto - objects on which the attentional processes determine image portions of relevance . a single region --- which not necessarily represents ←
→ transfer topic modeling with ease and scalability ; the increasing volume of short texts generated on social media sites , such as twitter or facebook , creates a great demand for effective and efficient topic modeling approaches . while latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) can be applied , it is not optimal due to its weakness in handling short texts with fast - changing topics and scalability concerns . in this paper , we propose a transfer learning approach that utilizes abundant labeled documents from other domain ←
→ character - based neural machine translation ; we introduce a neural machine translation model that views the input and output sentences as sequences of characters rather than words . since word - level information provides a crucial source of bias , our input model composes representations of character sequences into representations of words ( as determined by whitespace boundaries ), and then these are translated using a joint attention / translation model . in the target language , the translation is modeled as a se ←
→ normative theory of visual receptive fields ; this article gives an overview of a normative computational theory of visual receptive fields , by which idealized functional models of early spatial , spatio - chromatic and spatio - temporal receptive fields can be derived in an axiomatic way based on structural properties of the environment in combination with assumptions about the internal structure of a vision system to guarantee consistent handling of image representations over multiple spatial and temporal scal ←
→ gp - sum . gaussian processes filtering of non - gaussian beliefs ; this work studies the problem of stochastic dynamic filtering and state propagation with complex beliefs . the main contribution is gp - sum , a filtering algorithm tailored to dynamic systems and observation models expressed as gaussian processes ( gp ), that does not rely on linearizations or unimodal gaussian approximations of the belief . the algorithm can be seen as a combination of a sampling - based filter and a probabilistic bayes filter . gp - sum ←
→ joint modeling of text and acoustic - prosodic cues for neural parsing ; in conversational speech , the acoustic signal provides cues that help listeners disambiguate difficult parses . for automatically parsing a spoken utterance , we introduce a model that integrates transcribed text and acoustic - prosodic features using a convolutional neural network over energy and pitch trajectories coupled with an attention - based recurrent neural network that accepts text and word - based prosodic features . we find that diffe ←
→ a study of lagrangean decompositions and dual ascent solvers for graph matching ; we study the quadratic assignment problem , in computer vision also known as graph matching . two leading solvers for this problem optimize the lagrange decomposition duals with sub - gradient and dual ascent ( also known as message passing ) updates . we explore s direction further and propose several additional lagrangean relaxations of the graph matching problem along with corresponding algorithms , which are all based on a commo ←
→ probabilistic assumption - based reasoning ; the classical propositional assumption - based model is extended to incorporate probabilities for the assumptions . then it is placed into the framework of evidence theory . several authors like laskey , lehner ( 1989 ) and provan ( 1990 ) already proposed a similar point of view , but the first paper is not as much concerned with mathematical foundations , and provan ' s paper develops into a different direction . here we thoroughly develop and present the mathematical foundati ←
→ scalable object detection for stylized objects ; following recent breakthroughs in convolutional neural networks and monolithic model architectures , state - of - the - art object detection models can reliably and accurately scale into the realm of up to thousands of classes . things quickly break down , however , when scaling into the tens of thousands , or , eventually , to millions or billions of unique objects . further , bounding box - trained end - to - end models require extensive training data . even though - with some t ←
→ joint learning of the embedding of words and entities for named entity disambiguation ; named entity disambiguation ( ned ) refers to the task of resolving multiple named entity mentions in a document to their correct references in a knowledge base ( kb ) ( e . g ., wikipedia ). in this paper , we propose a novel embedding method specifically designed for ned . the proposed method jointly maps words and entities into the same continuous vector space . we extend the skip - gram model by using two models . the kb graph mo ←
→ boundary identification of events in clinical named entity recognition ; the problem of named entity recognition in the medical / clinical domain has gained increasing attention do to its vital role in a wide range of clinical decision support applications . the identification of complete and correct term span is vital for further knowledge synthesis ( e . g ., coding / mapping concepts thesauruses and classification standards ). this paper investigates boundary adjustment by sequence labeling representations models ←
→ detection and tracking of liquids with fully convolutional networks ; recent advances in ai and robotics have claimed many incredible results with deep learning , yet no work to date has applied deep learning to the problem of liquid perception and reasoning . in this paper , we apply fully - convolutional deep neural networks to the tasks of detecting and tracking liquids . we evaluate three models : a single - frame network , multi - frame network , and a lstm recurrent network . our results show that the best liquid d ←
→ learning edge representations via low - rank asymmetric projections ; we propose a new method for embedding graphs while preserving directed edge information . learning such continuous - space vector representations ( or embeddings ) of nodes in a graph is an important first step for using network information ( from social networks , user - item graphs , knowledge bases , etc .) in many machine learning tasks . unlike previous work , we ( 1 ) explicitly model an edge as a function of node embeddings , and we ( 2 ) propose a n ←
→ combining multiple views for visual speech recognition ; visual speech recognition is a challenging research problem with a particular practical application of aiding audio speech recognition in noisy scenarios . multiple camera setups can be beneficial for the visual speech recognition systems in terms of improved performance and robustness . in this paper , we explore this aspect and provide a comprehensive study on combining multiple views for visual speech recognition . the thorough analysis covers fusion o ←
→ strategic classification ; machine learning relies on the assumption that unseen test instances of a classification problem follow the same distribution as observed training data . however , this principle can break down when machine learning is used to make important decisions about the welfare ( employment , education , health ) of strategic individuals . knowing information about the classifier , such individuals may manipulate their attributes in order to obtain a better classification outcome . as a result of t ←
→ hierarchical linearly - solvable markov decision problems ; we present a hierarchical reinforcement learning framework that formulates each task in the hierarchy as a special type of markov decision process for which the bellman equation is linear and has analytical solution . problems of this type , called linearly - solvable mdps ( lmdps ) have interesting properties that can be exploited in a hierarchical setting , such as efficient learning of the optimal value function or task compositionality . the proposed hie ←
→ connectives in quantum and other cumulative logics ; cumulative logics are studied in an abstract setting , i . e ., without connectives , very much in the spirit of makinson ' s early work . a powerful representation theorem characterizes those logics by choice functions that satisfy a weakening of sen ' s property alpha , in the spirit of the author ' s " nonmonotonic logics and semantics " ( jlc ). the representation results obtained are surprisingly smooth : in the completeness part the choice function may be defined on ←
→ deep learning for multi - label classification ; in multi - label classification , the main focus has been to develop ways of learning the underlying dependencies between labels , and to take advantage of this at classification time . developing better feature - space representations has been predominantly employed to reduce complexity , e . g ., by eliminating non - helpful feature attributes from the input space prior to ( or during ) training . this is an important task , since many multi - label methods typically create man ←
→ hessian - free optimization for learning deep multidimensional recurrent neural networks ; multidimensional recurrent neural networks ( mdrnns ) have shown a remarkable performance in the area of speech and handwriting recognition . the performance of an mdrnn is improved by further increasing its depth , and the difficulty of learning the deeper network is overcome by using hessian - free ( hf ) optimization . given that connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) is utilized as an objective of learning an mdrnn fo ←
→ boosted markov networks for activity recognition ; we explore a framework called boosted markov networks to combine the learning capacity of boosting and the rich modeling semantics of markov networks and applying the framework for video - based activity recognition . importantly , we extend the framework to incorporate hidden variables . we show how the framework can be applied for both model learning and feature selection . we demonstrate that boosted markov networks with hidden variables perform comparably wit ←
→ a hybrid cross entropy algorithm for solving dynamic transit network design problem ; this paper proposes a hybrid multiagent learning algorithm for solving the dynamic simulation - based bilevel network design problem . the objective is to determine the op - timal frequency of a multimodal transit network , which minimizes total users ' travel cost and operation cost of transit lines . the problem is formulated as a bilevel programming problem with equilibrium constraints describing non - cooperative nash equilibr ←
→ a novel feature - based bayesian model for query focused multi - document summarization ; both supervised learning methods and lda based topic model have been successfully applied in the field of query focused multi - document summarization . in this paper , we propose a novel supervised approach that can incorporate rich sentence features into bayesian topic models in a principled way , thus taking advantages of both topic model and feature based supervised learning methods . experiments on tac2008 and tac2009 dem ←
→ performing nonlinear blind source separation with signal invariants ; given a time series of multicomponent measurements x ( t ), the usual objective of nonlinear blind source separation ( bss ) is to find a " source " time series s ( t ), comprised of statistically independent combinations of the measured components . in this paper , the source time series is required to have a density function in ( s , ds / dt )- space that is equal to the product of density functions of individual components . this formulation of the bss pr ←
→ reified context models ; a classic tension exists between exact inference in a simple model and approximate inference in a complex model . the latter offers expressivity and thus accuracy , but the former provides coverage of the space , an important property for confidence estimation and learning with indirect supervision . in this work , we introduce a new approach , reified context models , to reconcile this tension . specifically , we let the amount of context ( the arity of the factors in a graphical model ) be c ←
→ on reward function for survival ; obtaining a survival strategy ( policy ) is one of the fundamental problems of biological agents . in this paper , we generalize the formulation of previous research related to the survival of an agent and we formulate the survival problem as a maximization of the multi - step survival probability in future time steps . we introduce a method for converting the maximization of multi - step survival probability into a classical reinforcement learning problem . using this conversion , th ←
→ learning robust features using deep learning for automatic seizure detection ; we present and evaluate the capacity of a deep neural network to learn robust features from eeg to automatically detect seizures . this is a challenging problem because seizure manifestations on eeg are extremely variable both inter - and intra - patient . by simultaneously capturing spectral , temporal and spatial information our recurrent convolutional neural network learns a general spatially invariant representation of a seizure .←
→ learning in unlabeled networks - an active learning and inference approach ; the task of determining labels of all network nodes based on the knowledge about network structure and labels of some training subset of nodes is called the within - network classification . it may happen that none of the labels of the nodes is known and additionally there is no information about number of classes to which nodes can be assigned . in such a case a subset of nodes has to be selected for initial label acquisition . the q ←
→ full reference objective quality assessment for reconstructed background images ; with an increased interest in applications that require a clean background image , such as video surveillance , object tracking , street view imaging and location - based services on web - based maps , multiple algorithms have been developed to reconstruct a background image from cluttered scenes . traditionally , statistical measures and existing image quality techniques have been applied for evaluating the quality of the reconstruct ←
→ a study of an modeling method of t - s fuzzy system based on moving fuzzy reasoning and its application ; to improve the effectiveness of the fuzzy identification , a structure identification method based on moving rate is proposed for t - s fuzzy model . the proposed method is called " t - s modeling ( or t - s fuzzy identification method ) based on moving rate ". first , to improve the shortcomings of existing fuzzy reasoning methods based on matching degree , the moving rates for s - type , z - type and trapezoidal members ←
→ parallel texts in the hebrew bible , new methods and visualizations ; in this article we develop an algorithm to detect parallel texts in the masoretic text of the hebrew bible . the results are presented online and chapters in the hebrew bible containing parallel passages can be inspected synoptically . differences between parallel passages are highlighted . in a similar way the mt of isaiah is presented synoptically with 1qisaa . we also investigate how one can investigate the degree of similarity between para ←
→ superintelligence cannot be contained : lessons from computability theory ; superintelligence is a hypothetical agent that possesses intelligence far surpassing that of the brightest and most gifted human minds . in light of recent advances in machine intelligence , a number of scientists , philosophers and technologists have revived the discussion about the potential catastrophic risks entailed by such an entity . in this article , we trace the origins and development of the neo - fear of superintelligence , and so ←
→ mis - boost : multiple instance selection boosting ; in this paper , we present a new multiple instance learning ( mil ) method , called mis - boost , which learns discriminative instance prototypes by explicit instance selection in a boosting framework . unlike previous instance selection based mil methods , we do not restrict the prototypes to a discrete set of training instances but allow them to take arbitrary values in the instance feature space . we also do not restrict the total number of prototypes and the numbe ←
→ when can $ l_p $- norm objective functions be minimized via graph cuts ? ; techniques based on minimal graph cuts have become a standard tool for solving combinatorial optimization problems arising in image processing and computer vision applications . these techniques can be used to minimize objective functions written as the sum of a set of unary and pairwise terms , provided that the objective function is submodular . this can be interpreted as minimizing the $ l_1 $- norm of the vector containing all pairwise and ←
→ bionic humans using eap as artificial muscles reality and challenges ; for many years , the idea of a human with bionic muscles immediately conjures up science fiction images of a tv series superhuman character that was implanted with bionic muscles and portrayed with strength and speed far superior to any normal human . as fantastic as this idea may seem , recent developments in electroactive polymers ( eap ) may one day make such bionics possible . polymers that exhibit large displacement in response to stimula ←
→ enzynet : enzyme classification using 3d convolutional neural networks on spatial representation ; during the past decade , with the significant progress of computational power as well as ever - rising data availability , deep learning techniques became increasingly popular due to their excellent performance on computer vision problems . the size of the protein data bank has increased more than 15 fold since 1999 , which enabled the expansion of models that aim at predicting enzymatic function via their amino ac ←
→ developing icc profile using gray level control in offset printing process ; in prepress department rgb image has to be converted to cmyk image . to control that amount of black , cyan , magenta and yellow has to be controlled by using color separation method . graycolor separation method is selected to control the amounts of these colors because it increase the quality of printing also . a single printer used for printing the same image on different paper also results in different printed images . to remove th ←
→ a theory of formal synthesis via inductive learning ; formal synthesis is the process of generating a program satisfying a high - level formal specification . in recent times , effective formal synthesis methods have been proposed based on the use of inductive learning . we refer to this class of methods that learn programs from examples as formal inductive synthesis . in this paper , we present a theoretical framework for formal inductive synthesis . we discuss how formal inductive synthesis differs from tradition ←
→ computing motion with 3d memristive grid ; computing the relative motion of objects is an important navigation task that we routinely perform by relying on inherently unreliable biological cells in the retina . the non - linear and adaptive response of memristive devices make them excellent building blocks for realizing complex synaptic - like architectures that are common in the human retina . here , we introduce a novel memristive thresholding scheme that facilitates the detection of moving edges . in addition , a ←
→ comparing dynamics : deep neural networks versus glassy systems ; we analyze numerically the training dynamics of deep neural networks ( dnn ) by using methods developed in statistical physics of glassy systems . the two main issues we address are the complexity of the loss - landscape and of the dynamics within it , and to what extent dnns share similarities with glassy systems . our findings , obtained for different architectures and datasets , suggest that during the training process the dynamics slows down becaus ←
→ mondrian forests : efficient online random forests ; ensembles of randomized decision trees , usually referred to as random forests , are widely used for classification and regression tasks in machine learning and statistics . random forests achieve competitive predictive performance and are computationally efficient to train and test , making them excellent candidates for real - world prediction tasks . the most popular random forest variants ( such as breiman ' s random forest and extremely randomized trees ) operate ←
→ clustering processes ; the problem of clustering is considered , for the case when each data point is a sample generated by a stationary ergodic process . we propose a very natural asymptotic notion of consistency , and show that simple consistent algorithms exist , under most general non - parametric assumptions . the notion of consistency is as follows : two samples should be put into the same cluster if and only if they were generated by the same distribution . with this notion of consistency , clustering generali ←
→ minimax lower bounds for linear independence testing ; linear independence testing is a fundamental information - theoretic and statistical problem that can be posed as follows : given $ n $ points $\{( x_i , y_i )\}^ n_ { i = 1 }$ from a $ p + q $ dimensional multivariate distribution where $ x_i \ in \ mathbb { r }^ p $ and $ y_i \ in \ mathbb { r }^ q $, determine whether $ a ^ t x $ and $ b ^ t y $ are uncorrelated for every $ a \ in \ mathbb { r }^ p , b \ in \ mathbb { r }^ q $ or not . we give minimax lower bound for this problem ( when $ p + q , n \ to \ infty $, $( p +←
→ a mathematical theory for clustering in metric spaces ; clustering is one of the most fundamental problems in data analysis and it has been studied extensively in the literature . though many clustering algorithms have been proposed , clustering theories that justify the use of these clustering algorithms are still unsatisfactory . in particular , one of the fundamental challenges is to address the following question : what is a cluster in a set of data points ? in this paper , we make an attempt to address su ←
→ some approximation bounds for deep networks ; in this paper we introduce new bounds on the approximation of functions in deep networks and in doing so introduce some new deep network architectures for function approximation . these results give some theoretical insight into the success of autoencoders and resnets .←
→ delta divergence : a novel decision cognizant measure of classifier incongruence ; disagreement between two classifiers regarding the class membership of an observation in pattern recognition can be indicative of an anomaly and its nuance . as in general classifiers base their decision on class aposteriori probabilities , the most natural approach to detecting classifier incongruence is to use divergence . however , existing divergences are not particularly suitable to gauge classifier incongruence . in this pa ←
→ identifying dogmatism in social media : signals and models ; we explore linguistic and behavioral features of dogmatism in social media and construct statistical models that can identify dogmatic comments . our model is based on a corpus of reddit posts , collected across a diverse set of conversational topics and annotated via paid crowdsourcing . we operationalize key aspects of dogmatism described by existing psychology theories ( such as over - confidence ), finding they have predictive power . we also find evid ←
→ a general stochastic algorithmic framework for minimizing expensive black box objective functions based on surrogate models and sensitivity analysis ; we are focusing on bound constrained global optimization problems , whose objective functions are computationally expensive black - box functions and have multiple local minima . the recently popular metric stochastic response surface ( msrs ) algorithm proposed by \ cite { regis2007srbf } based on adaptive or sequential learning based on response surfaces is revis ←
→ problems with evaluation of word embeddings using word similarity tasks ; lacking standardized extrinsic evaluation methods for vector representations of words , the nlp community has relied heavily on word similarity tasks as a proxy for intrinsic evaluation of word vectors . word similarity evaluation , which correlates the distance between vectors and human judgments of semantic similarity is attractive , because it is computationally inexpensive and fast . in this paper we present several problems associated ←
→ stochastic gradient descent , weighted sampling , and the randomized kaczmarz algorithm ; we obtain an improved finite - sample guarantee on the linear convergence of stochastic gradient descent for smooth and strongly convex objectives , improving from a quadratic dependence on the conditioning $( l /\ mu )^ 2 $ ( where $ l $ is a bound on the smoothness and $\ mu $ on the strong convexity ) to a linear dependence on $ l /\ mu $. furthermore , we show how reweighting the sampling distribution ( i . e . importance sampling ) is nec ←
→ reasoning about meaning in natural language with compact closed categories and frobenius algebras ; compact closed categories have found applications in modeling quantum information protocols by abramsky - coecke . they also provide semantics for lambek ' s pregroup algebras , applied to formalizing the grammatical structure of natural language , and are implicit in a distributional model of word meaning based on vector spaces . specifically , in previous work coecke - clark - sadrzadeh used the product category of pr ←
→ maximum entropy , word - frequency , chinese characters , and multiple meanings ; the word - frequency distribution of a text written by an author is well accounted for by a maximum entropy distribution , the rgf ( random group formation )- prediction . the rgf - distribution is completely determined by the a priori values of the total number of words in the text ( m ), the number of distinct words ( n ) and the number of repetitions of the most common word ( k_max ). it is here shown that this maximum entropy prediction als ←
→ outilex , plate - forme logicielle de traitement de textes écrits ; the outilex software platform , which will be made available to research , development and industry , comprises software components implementing all the fundamental operations of written text processing : processing without lexicons , exploitation of lexicons and grammars , language resource management . all data are structured in xml formats , and also in more compact formats , either readable or binary , whenever necessary ; the required format convert ←
→ neighbourhood nilm : a big - data approach to household energy disaggregation ; in this paper , we investigate whether " big - data " is more valuable than " precise " data for the problem of energy disaggregation : the process of breaking down aggregate energy usage on a per - appliance basis . existing techniques for disaggregation rely on energy metering at a resolution of 1 minute or higher , but most power meters today only provide a reading once per month , and at most once every 15 minutes . in this paper , we propo ←
→ probabilistic semantic web mining using artificial neural analysis ; most of the web user ' s requirements are search or navigation time and getting correctly matched result . these constrains can be satisfied with some additional modules attached to the existing search engines and web servers . this paper proposes that powerful architecture for search engines with the title of probabilistic semantic web mining named from the methods used . with the increase of larger and larger collection of various data resour ←
→ real - time detection , tracking , and classification of moving and stationary objects using multiple fisheye images ; the ability to detect pedestrians and other moving objects is crucial for an autonomous vehicle . this must be done in real - time with minimum system overhead . this paper discusses the implementation of a surround view system to identify moving as well as static objects that are close to the ego vehicle . the algorithm works on 4 views captured by fisheye cameras which are merged into a single f ←
→ an evaluation of keyword extraction from online communication for the characterisation of social relations ; the set of interpersonal relationships on a social network service or a similar online community is usually highly heterogenous . the concept of tie strength captures only one aspect of this heterogeneity . since the unstructured text content of online communication artefacts is a salient source of information about a social relationship , we investigate the utility of keywords extracted from the mess ←
→ matrix factorization using window sampling and negative sampling for improved word representations ; in this paper , we propose lexvec , a new method for generating distributed word representations that uses low - rank , weighted factorization of the positive point - wise mutual information matrix via stochastic gradient descent , employing a weighting scheme that assigns heavier penalties for errors on frequent co - occurrences while still accounting for negative co - occurrence . evaluation on word similarity and an ←
→ a semantically motivated approach to compute rouge scores ; rouge is one of the first and most widely used evaluation metrics for text summarization . however , its assessment merely relies on surface similarities between peer and model summaries . consequently , rouge is unable to fairly evaluate abstractive summaries including lexical variations and paraphrasing . exploring the effectiveness of lexical resource - based models to address this issue , we adopt a graph - based algorithm into rouge to capture the seman ←
→ scirecsys : a recommendation system for scientific publication by discovering keyword relationships ; in this work , we propose a new approach for discovering various relationships among keywords over the scientific publications based on a markov chain model . it is an important problem since keywords are the basic elements for representing abstract objects such as documents , user profiles , topics and many things else . our model is very effective since it combines four important factors in scientific publica ←
→ on kernel methods for covariates that are rankings ; permutation - valued features arise in a variety of applications , either in a direct way when preferences are elicited over a collection of items , or an indirect way in which numerical ratings are converted to a ranking . to date , there has been relatively limited study of regression , classification , and testing problems based on permutation - valued features , as opposed to permutation - valued responses . this paper studies the use of reproducing kernel hilbert ←
→ time series anomaly detection ; detection of anomalous drops with limited features and sparse examples in noisy highly periodic data ; google uses continuous streams of data from industry partners in order to deliver accurate results to users . unexpected drops in traffic can be an indication of an underlying issue and may be an early warning that remedial action may be necessary . detecting such drops is non - trivial because streams are variable and noisy , with roughly regular spikes ( in many different shape ←
→ aspect extraction and sentiment classification of mobile apps using app - store reviews ; understanding of customer sentiment can be useful for product development . on top of that if the priorities for the development order can be known , then development procedure become simpler . this work has tried to address this issue in the mobile app domain . along with aspect and opinion extraction this work has also categorized the extracted aspects ac - cording to their importance . this can help developers to focus the ←
→ web - scale surface and syntactic n - gram features for dependency parsing ; we develop novel first - and second - order features for dependency parsing based on the google syntactic ngrams corpus , a collection of subtree counts of parsed sentences from scanned books . we also extend previous work on surface $ n $- gram features from web1t to the google books corpus and from first - order to second - order , comparing and analysing performance over newswire and web treebanks . surface and syntactic $ n $- grams both produce ←
→ bipartite graph matching for keyframe summary evaluation ; a keyframe summary , or " static storyboard ", is a collection of frames from a video designed to summarise its semantic content . many algorithms have been proposed to extract such summaries automatically . how best to evaluate these outputs is an important but little - discussed question . we review the current methods for matching frames between two summaries in the formalism of graph theory . our analysis revealed different behaviours of these methods , w ←
→ towards context - aware interaction recognition ; recognizing how objects interact with each other is a crucial task in visual recognition . if we define the context of the interaction to be the objects involved , then most current methods can be categorized as either : ( i ) training a single classifier on the combination of the interaction and its context ; or ( ii ) aiming to recognize the interaction independently of its explicit context . both methods suffer limitations : the former scales poorly with the number o ←
→ constraint satisfaction over generalized staircase constraints ; one of the key research interests in the area of constraint satisfaction problem ( csp ) is to identify tractable classes of constraints and develop efficient solutions for them . in this paper , we introduce generalized staircase ( gs ) constraints which is an important generalization of one such tractable class found in the literature , namely , staircase constraints . gs constraints are of two kinds , down staircase ( ds ) and up staircase ( us ). we fir ←
→ deepalgebra - an outline of a program ; we outline a program in the area of formalization of mathematics to automate theorem proving in algebra and algebraic geometry . we propose a construction of a dictionary between automated theorem provers and ( la ) tex exploiting syntactic parsers . we describe its application to a repository of human - written facts and definitions in algebraic geometry ( the stacks project ). we use deep learning techniques .←
→ model selection of polynomial kernel regression ; polynomial kernel regression is one of the standard and state - of - the - art learning strategies . however , as is well known , the choices of the degree of polynomial kernel and the regularization parameter are still open in the realm of model selection . the first aim of this paper is to develop a strategy to select these parameters . on one hand , based on the worst - case learning rate analysis , we show that the regularization term in polynomial kernel regression is ←
→ mining determinism in human strategic behavior ; this work lies in the fusion of experimental economics and data mining . it continues author ' s previous work on mining behaviour rules of human subjects from experimental data , where game - theoretic predictions partially fail to work . game - theoretic predictions aka equilibria only tend to success with experienced subjects on specific games , what is rarely given . apart from game theory , contemporary experimental economics offers a number of alternative models . i ←
→ metagrad : multiple learning rates in online learning ; in online convex optimization it is well known that certain subclasses of objective functions are much easier than arbitrary convex functions . we are interested in designing adaptive methods that can automatically get fast rates in as many such subclasses as possible , without any manual tuning . previous adaptive methods are able to interpolate between strongly convex and general convex functions . we present a new method , metagrad , that adapts to a much ←
→ tree - based iterated local search for markov random fields with applications in image analysis ; the \ emph { maximum a posteriori } ( map ) assignment for general structure markov random fields ( mrfs ) is computationally intractable . in this paper , we exploit tree - based methods to efficiently address this problem . our novel method , named tree - based iterated local search ( t - ils ) takes advantage of the tractability of tree - structures embedded within mrfs to derive strong local search in an ils framework . the metho ←
→ ensemble robustness and generalization of stochastic deep learning algorithms ; the question why deep learning algorithms generalize so well has attracted increasing research interest . however , most of the well - established approaches , such as hypothesis capacity , stability or sparseness , have not provided complete explanations ( zhang et al ., 2016 ; kawaguchi et al ., 2017 ). in this work , we focus on the robustness approach ( xu & mannor , 2012 ), i . e ., if the error of a hypothesis will not change much due to p ←
→ test collections for patent - to - patent retrieval and patent map generation in ntcir - 4 workshop ; this paper describes the patent retrieval task in the fourth ntcir workshop , and the test collections produced in this task . we perform the invalidity search task , in which each participant group searches a patent collection for the patents that can invalidate the demand in an existing claim . we also perform the automatic patent map generation task , in which the patents associated with a specific topic are orga ←
→ problem solving in id - logic with aggregates : some experiments ; the goal of the lp + project at the k . u . leuven is to design an expressive logic , suitable for declarative knowledge representation , and to develop intelligent systems based on logic programming technology for solving computational problems using the declarative specifications . the id - logic is an integration of typed classical logic and a definition logic . different abductive solvers for this language are being developed . this paper is a report o ←
→ mnesors for automatic control ; mnesors are defined as elements of a semimodule over the min - plus integers . this two - sorted structure is able to merge graduation properties of vectors and idempotent properties of boolean numbers , which makes it appropriate for hybrid systems . we apply it to the control of an inverted pendulum and design a full logical controller , that is , without the usual algebra of real numbers .←
→ fuzzy modeling and natural language processing for panini ' s sanskrit grammar ; indian languages have long history in world natural languages . panini was the first to define grammar for sanskrit language with about 4000 rules in fifth century . these rules contain uncertainty information . it is not possible to computer processing of sanskrit language with uncertain information . in this paper , fuzzy logic and fuzzy reasoning are proposed to deal to eliminate uncertain information for reasoning with sanskrit ←
→ multiple kernel sparse representations for supervised and unsupervised learning ; in complex visual recognition tasks it is typical to adopt multiple descriptors , that describe different aspects of the images , for obtaining an improved recognition performance . descriptors that have diverse forms can be fused into a unified feature space in a principled manner using kernel methods . sparse models that generalize well to the test data can be learned in the unified kernel space , and appropriate constraints ca ←
→ automatic detection of epileptiform discharges in the eeg ; the diagnosis of epilepsy generally includes a visual inspection of eeg recorded data by the neurologist , with the purpose of checking the occurrence of transient waveforms called interictal epileptiform discharges . these waveforms have short duration ( less than 100 ms ), so the inspection process is usually time - consuming , particularly for ambulatory long term eeg records . therefore , an automatic detection system of epileptiform discharges can be a ←
→ deep voice : real - time neural text - to - speech ; we present deep voice , a production - quality text - to - speech system constructed entirely from deep neural networks . deep voice lays the groundwork for truly end - to - end neural speech synthesis . the system comprises five major building blocks : a segmentation model for locating phoneme boundaries , a grapheme - to - phoneme conversion model , a phoneme duration prediction model , a fundamental frequency prediction model , and an audio synthesis model . for the segmentation mo ←
→ manifold unwrapping using density ridges ; research on manifold learning within a density ridge estimation framework has shown great potential in recent work for both estimation and de - noising of manifolds , building on the intuitive and well - defined notion of principal curves and surfaces . however , the problem of unwrapping or unfolding manifolds has received relatively little attention within the density ridge approach , despite being an integral part of manifold learning in general . this paper proposes two ←
→ any - angle pathfinding for multiple agents based on sipp algorithm ; the problem of finding conflict - free trajectories for multiple agents of identical circular shape , operating in shared 2d workspace , is addressed in the paper and decoupled , e . g ., prioritized , approach is used to solve this problem . agents ' workspace is tessellated into the square grid on which any - angle moves are allowed , e . g . each agent can move into an arbitrary direction as long as this move follows the straight line segment whose endpo ←
→ dynamic poisson factorization ; models for recommender systems use latent factors to explain the preferences and behaviors of users with respect to a set of items ( e . g ., movies , books , academic papers ). typically , the latent factors are assumed to be static and , given these factors , the observed preferences and behaviors of users are assumed to be generated without order . these assumptions limit the explorative and predictive capabilities of such models , since users ' interests and item popularity may evolve ←
→ prediction of amino acid side chain conformation using a deep neural network ; a deep neural network based architecture was constructed to predict amino acid side chain conformation with unprecedented accuracy . amino acid side chain conformation prediction is essential for protein homology modeling and protein design . current widely - adopted methods use physics - based energy functions to evaluate side chain conformation . here , using a deep neural network architecture without physics - based assumptions , we ha ←
→ optimized polynomial evaluation with semantic annotations ; in this paper we discuss how semantic annotations can be used to introduce mathematical algorithmic information of the underlying imperative code to enable compilers to produce code transformations that will enable better performance . by using this approaches not only good performance is achieved , but also better programmability , maintainability and portability across different hardware architectures . to exemplify this we will use polynomial equati ←
→ robust real time face recognition and tracking on gpu using fusion of rgb and depth image ; this paper presents a real - time face recognition system using kinect sensor . the algorithm is implemented on gpu using opencl and significant speed improvements are observed . we use kinect depth image to increase the robustness and reduce computational cost of conventional lbp based face recognition . the main objective of this paper was to perform robust , high speed fusion based face recognition and tracking . the a ←
→ information theoretically aided reinforcement learning for embodied agents ; reinforcement learning for embodied agents is a challenging problem . the accumulated reward to be optimized is often a very rugged function , and gradient methods are impaired by many local optimizers . we demonstrate , in an experimental setting , that incorporating an intrinsic reward can smoothen the optimization landscape while preserving the global optimizers of interest . we show that policy gradient optimization for locomotion ←
→ constructing folksonomies from user - specified relations on flickr ; many social web sites allow users to publish content and annotate with descriptive metadata . in addition to flat tags , some social web sites have recently began to allow users to organize their content and metadata hierarchically . the social photosharing site flickr , for example , allows users to group related photos in sets , and related sets in collections . the social bookmarking site del . icio . us similarly lets users group related tags into ←
→ energy - efficient neuromorphic classifiers ; neuromorphic engineering combines the architectural and computational principles of systems neuroscience with semiconductor electronics , with the aim of building efficient and compact devices that mimic the synaptic and neural machinery of the brain . neuromorphic engineering promises extremely low energy consumptions , comparable to those of the nervous system . however , until now the neuromorphic approach has been restricted to relatively simple circuits and specia ←
→ partnering strategies for fitness evaluation in a pyramidal evolutionary algorithm ; this paper combines the idea of a hierarchical distributed genetic algorithm with different inter - agent partnering strategies . cascading clusters of sub - populations are built from bottom up , with higher - level sub - populations optimising larger parts of the problem . hence higher - level sub - populations search a larger search space with a lower resolution whilst lower - level sub - populations search a smaller search space with a ←
→ deepsofa : a real - time continuous acuity score framework using deep learning ; traditional methods for assessing illness severity and predicting in - hospital mortality among critically ill patients require manual , time - consuming , and error - prone calculations that are further hindered by the use of static variable thresholds derived from aggregate patient populations . these coarse frameworks do not capture time - sensitive individual physiological patterns and are not suitable for instantaneous assessment of p ←
→ virtual adversarial training : a regularization method for supervised and semi - supervised learning ; we propose a new regularization method based on virtual adversarial loss : a new measure of local smoothness of the output distribution . virtual adversarial loss is defined as the robustness of the model ' s posterior distribution against local perturbation around each input data point . our method is similar to adversarial training , but differs from adversarial training in that it determines the adversarial di ←
→ magent : a many - agent reinforcement learning platform for artificial collective intelligence ; we introduce magent , a platform to support research and development of many - agent reinforcement learning . unlike previous research platforms on single or multi - agent reinforcement learning , magent focuses on supporting the tasks and the applications that require hundreds to millions of agents . within the interactions among a population of agents , it enables not only the study of learning algorithms for agents ' op ←
→ sfcn - opi : detection and fine - grained classification of nuclei using sibling fcn with objectness prior interaction ; cell nuclei detection and fine - grained classification have been fundamental yet challenging problems in histopathology image analysis . due to the nuclei tiny size , significant inter -/ intra - class variances , as well as the inferior image quality , previous automated methods would easily suffer from limited accuracy and robustness . in the meanwhile , existing approaches usually deal with these tw ←
→ tomographic reconstruction using global statistical prior ; recent research in tomographic reconstruction is motivated by the need to efficiently recover detailed anatomy from limited measurements . one of the ways to compensate for the increasingly sparse sets of measurements is to exploit the information from templates , i . e ., prior data available in the form of already reconstructed , structurally similar images . towards this , previous work has exploited using a set of global and patch based dictionary prio ←
→ automatic photo adjustment using deep neural networks ; photo retouching enables photographers to invoke dramatic visual impressions by artistically enhancing their photos through stylistic color and tone adjustments . however , it is also a time - consuming and challenging task that requires advanced skills beyond the abilities of casual photographers . using an automated algorithm is an appealing alternative to manual work but such an algorithm faces many hurdles . many photographic styles rely on subtle adjust ←
→ translating bayesian networks into entity relationship models , extended version ; big data analytics applications drive the convergence of data management and machine learning . but there is no conceptual language available that is spoken in both worlds . the main contribution of the paper is a method to translate bayesian networks , a main conceptual language for probabilistic graphical models , into usable entity relationship models . the transformed representation of a bayesian network leaves out mathematic ←
→ learning local image descriptors with deep siamese and triplet convolutional networks by minimising global loss functions ; recent innovations in training deep convolutional neural network ( convnet ) models have motivated the design of new methods to automatically learn local image descriptors . the latest deep convnets proposed for this task consist of a siamese network that is trained by penalising misclassification of pairs of local image patches . current results from machine learning show that replacing ←
→ integral images : efficient algorithms for their computation and storage in resource - constrained embedded vision systems ; the integral image , an intermediate image representation , has found extensive use in multi - scale local feature detection algorithms , such as speeded - up robust features ( surf ), allowing fast computation of rectangular features at constant speed , independent of filter size . for resource - constrained real - time embedded vision systems , computation and storage of integral image presents seve ←
→ real - time geometry - aware augmented reality in minimally invasive surgery ; the potential of augmented reality ( ar ) technology to assist minimally invasive surgeries ( mis ) lies in its computational performance and accuracy in dealing with challenging mis scenes . even with the latest hardware and software technologies , achieving both real - time and accurate augmented information overlay in mis is still a formidable task . in this paper , we present a novel real - time ar framework for mis that achieves interactive ←
→ automated breast lesion segmentation in ultrasound images ; the main objective of this project is to segment different breast ultrasound images to find out lesion area by discarding the low contrast regions as well as the inherent speckle noise . the proposed method consists of three stages ( removing noise , segmentation , classification ) in order to extract the correct lesion . we used normalized cuts approach to segment ultrasound images into regions of interest where we can possibly finds the lesion , and the ←
→ a deep learning approach for multimodal deception detection ; automatic deception detection is an important task that has gained momentum in computational linguistics due to its potential applications . in this paper , we propose a simple yet tough to beat multi - modal neural model for deception detection . by combining features from different modalities such as video , audio , and text along with micro - expression features , we show that detecting deception in real life videos can be more accurate . experimental re ←
→ dr - net : transmission steered single image dehazing network with weakly supervised refinement ; despite the recent progress in image dehazing , several problems remain largely unsolved such as robustness for varying scenes , the visual quality of reconstructed images , and effectiveness and flexibility for applications . to tackle these problems , we propose a new deep network architecture for single image dehazing called dr - net . our model consists of three main subnetworks : a transmission prediction network th ←
→ the exact schema theorem ; a schema is a naturally defined subset of the space of fixed - length binary strings . the holland schema theorem gives a lower bound on the expected fraction of a population in a schema after one generation of a simple genetic algorithm . this paper gives formulas for the exact expected fraction of a population in a schema after one generation of the simple genetic algorithm . holland ' s schema theorem has three parts , one for selection , one for crossover , and one for mutation . the sel ←
→( de )^ 2 co : deep depth colorization ; the ability to classify objects is fundamental for robots . besides knowledge about their visual appearance , captured by the rgb channel , robots heavily need also depth information to make sense of the world . while the use of deep networks on rgb robot images has benefited from the plethora of results obtained on databases like imagenet , using convnets on depth images requires mapping them into three dimensional channels . this transfer learning procedure makes them proces ←
→ preconditioned temporal difference learning ; this paper has been withdrawn by the author . this draft is withdrawn for its poor quality in english , unfortunately produced by the author when he was just starting his science route . look at the icml version instead : http :// icml2008 . cs . helsinki . fi / papers / 111 . pdf ←
→ i - revnet : deep invertible networks ; it is widely believed that the success of deep convolutional networks is based on progressively discarding uninformative variability about the input with respect to the problem at hand . this is supported empirically by the difficulty of recovering images from their hidden representations , in most commonly used network architectures . in this paper we show via a one - to - one mapping that this loss of information is not a necessary condition to learn representations that gene ←
→ asymptotic equivalence of bayes cross validation and widely applicable information criterion in singular learning theory ; in regular statistical models , the leave - one - out cross - validation is asymptotically equivalent to the akaike information criterion . however , since many learning machines are singular statistical models , the asymptotic behavior of the cross - validation remains unknown . in previous studies , we established the singular learning theory and proposed a widely applicable information criterion ←
→ selecting the state - representation in reinforcement learning ; the problem of selecting the right state - representation in a reinforcement learning problem is considered . several models ( functions mapping past observations to a finite set ) of the observations are given , and it is known that for at least one of these models the resulting state dynamics are indeed markovian . without knowing neither which of the models is the correct one , nor what are the probabilistic characteristics of the resulting mdp , it i ←
→ mining the web for synonyms : pmi - ir versus lsa on toefl ; this paper presents a simple unsupervised learning algorithm for recognizing synonyms , based on statistical data acquired by querying a web search engine . the algorithm , called pmi - ir , uses pointwise mutual information ( pmi ) and information retrieval ( ir ) to measure the similarity of pairs of words . pmi - ir is empirically evaluated using 80 synonym test questions from the test of english as a foreign language ( toefl ) and 50 synonym test questions from ←
→ keyphrase extraction using sequential labeling ; keyphrases efficiently summarize a document ' s content and are used in various document processing and retrieval tasks . several unsupervised techniques and classifiers exist for extracting keyphrases from text documents . most of these methods operate at a phrase - level and rely on part - of - speech ( pos ) filters for candidate phrase generation . in addition , they do not directly handle keyphrases of varying lengths . we overcome these modeling shortcomings by addres ←
→ mapping the economic crisis : some preliminary investigations ; in this paper we describe our contribution to the poliinformatics 2014 challenge on the 2007 - 2008 financial crisis . we propose a state of the art technique to extract information from texts and provide different representations , giving first a static overview of the domain and then a dynamic representation of its main evolutions . we show that this strategy provides a practical solution to some recent theories in social sciences that are facing a ←
→ filtering algorithms for the multiset ordering constraint ; constraint programming ( cp ) has been used with great success to tackle a wide variety of constraint satisfaction problems which are computationally intractable in general . global constraints are one of the important factors behind the success of cp . in this paper , we study a new global constraint , the multiset ordering constraint , which is shown to be useful in symmetry breaking and searching for leximin optimal solutions in cp . we propose efficien ←
→ learning multi - faceted representations of individuals from heterogeneous evidence using neural networks ; inferring latent attributes of people online is an important social computing task , but requires integrating the many heterogeneous sources of information available on the web . we propose learning individual representations of people using neural nets to integrate rich linguistic and network evidence gathered from social media . the algorithm is able to combine diverse cues , such as the text a person w ←
→ fast and unsupervised methods for multilingual cognate clustering ; in this paper we explore the use of unsupervised methods for detecting cognates in multilingual word lists . we use online em to train sound segment similarity weights for computing similarity between two words . we tested our online systems on geographically spread sixteen different language groups of the world and show that the online pmi system ( pointwise mutual information ) outperforms a hmm based system and two linguistically motivated s ←
→ testing deep neural networks ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have a wide range of applications , and software employing them must be thoroughly tested , especially in safety critical domains . however , traditional software testing methodology , including test coverage criteria and test case generation algorithms , cannot be applied directly to dnns . this paper bridges this gap . first , inspired by the traditional mc / dc coverage criterion , we propose a set of four test criteria that are tailored to the distinct feat ←
→ sroiqsigma is decidable ; we consider a dynamic extension of the description logic $\ mathcal { sroiq }$. this means that interpretations could evolve thanks to some actions such as addition and / or deletion of an element ( respectively , a pair of elements ) of a concept ( respectively , of a role ). the obtained logic is called $\ mathcal { sroiq }$ with explicit substitutions and is written $\ mathcal { sroiq ^\ sigma }$. substitution is not treated as meta - operation that is carried out immediately , but the operation of subs ←
→ extreme 3d face reconstruction : looking past occlusions ; existing single view , 3d face reconstruction methods can produce beautifully detailed 3d results , but typically only for near frontal , unobstructed viewpoints . we describe a system designed to provide detailed 3d reconstructions of faces viewed under extreme conditions , out of plane rotations , and occlusions . motivated by the concept of bump mapping , we propose a layered approach which decouples estimation of a global shape from its mid - level details ←
→ on the relationship between online gaussian process regression and kernel least mean squares algorithms ; we study the relationship between online gaussian process ( gp ) regression and kernel least mean squares ( klms ) algorithms . while the latter have no capacity of storing the entire posterior distribution during online learning , we discover that their operation corresponds to the assumption of a fixed posterior covariance that follows a simple parametric model . interestingly , several well - known klms algo ←
→ exploring the limits of language modeling ; in this work we explore recent advances in recurrent neural networks for large scale language modeling , a task central to language understanding . we extend current models to deal with two key challenges present in this task : corpora and vocabulary sizes , and complex , long term structure of language . we perform an exhaustive study on techniques such as character convolutional neural networks or long - short term memory , on the one billion word benchmark . our best sin ←
→ deep fault analysis and subset selection in solar power grids ; non - availability of reliable and sustainable electric power is a major problem in the developing world . renewable energy sources like solar are not very lucrative in the current stage due to various uncertainties like weather , storage , land use among others . there also exists various other issues like mis - commitment of power , absence of intelligent fault analysis , congestion , etc . in this paper , we propose a novel deep learning - based system for ←
→ chases and escapes , and optimization problems ; we propose a new approach for solving combinatorial optimization problem by utilizing the mechanism of chases and escapes , which has a long history in mathematics . in addition to the well - used steepest descent and neighboring search , we perform a chase and escape game on the " landscape " of the cost function . we have created a concrete algorithm for the traveling salesman problem . our preliminary test indicates a possibility that this new fusion of chases and e ←
→ pointfusion : deep sensor fusion for 3d bounding box estimation ; we present pointfusion , a generic 3d object detection method that leverages both image and 3d point cloud information . unlike existing methods that either use multi - stage pipelines or hold sensor and dataset - specific assumptions , pointfusion is conceptually simple and application - agnostic . the image data and the raw point cloud data are independently processed by a cnn and a pointnet architecture , respectively . the resulting outputs are then c ←
→ improving end - to - end speech recognition with policy learning ; connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) is widely used for maximum likelihood learning in end - to - end speech recognition models . however , there is usually a disparity between the negative maximum likelihood and the performance metric used in speech recognition , e . g ., word error rate ( wer ). this results in a mismatch between the objective function and metric during training . we show that the above problem can be mitigated by jointly training w ←
→ partial correlation graphs and the neighborhood lattice ; we define and study partial correlation graphs ( pcgs ) with variables in a general hilbert space and their connections to generalized neighborhood regression , without making any distributional assumptions . using operator - theoretic arguments , and especially the properties of projection operators on hilbert spaces , we show that these neighborhood regressions have the algebraic structure of a lattice , which we call a neighborhood lattice . this lattice pr ←
→ spatio - temporal co - occurrence characterizations for human action classification ; the human action classification task is a widely researched topic and is still an open problem . many state - of - the - arts approaches involve the usage of bag - of - video - words with spatio - temporal local features to construct characterizations for human actions . in order to improve beyond this standard approach , we investigate the usage of co - occurrences between local features . we propose the usage of co - occurrences information to ←
→ approximate inference in continuous determinantal point processes ; determinantal point processes ( dpps ) are random point processes well - suited for modeling repulsion . in machine learning , the focus of dpp - based models has been on diverse subset selection from a discrete and finite base set . this discrete setting admits an efficient sampling algorithm based on the eigendecomposition of the defining kernel matrix . recently , there has been growing interest in using dpps defined on continuous spaces . while the ←
→ an overview of robust subspace recovery ; this paper will serve as an introduction to the body of work on robust subspace recovery . robust subspace recovery involves finding an underlying low - dimensional subspace in a dataset that is possibly corrupted with outliers . while this problem is easy to state , it has been difficult to develop optimal algorithms due to its underlying nonconvexity . this work will emphasize advantages and disadvantages of proposed approaches and unsolved problems in the area .←
→ dual long short - term memory networks for sub - character representation learning ; characters have commonly been regarded as the minimal processing unit in natural language processing ( nlp ). but many non - latin languages have hieroglyphic writing systems , involving a big alphabet with thousands or millions of characters . each character is composed of even smaller parts , which are often ignored by the previous work . in this paper , we propose a novel architecture employing two stacked long short - term memory ne ←
→ simultaneous detection and quantification of retinal fluid with deep learning ; we propose a new deep learning approach for automatic detection and segmentation of fluid within retinal oct images . the proposed framework utilizes both resnet and encoder - decoder neural network architectures . when training the network , we apply a novel data augmentation method called myopic warping together with standard rotation - based augmentation to increase the training set size to 45 times the original amount . finally , t ←
→ exploiting data parallelism in the yconvex hypergraph algorithm for image representation using gpgpus ; to define and identify a region - of - interest ( roi ) in a digital image , the shape descriptor of the roi has to be described in terms of its boundary characteristics . to address the generic issues of contour tracking , the yconvex hypergraph ( ychg ) model was proposed by kanna et al [ 1 ]. in this work , we propose a parallel approach to implement the ychg model by exploiting massively parallel cores of nvidia '←
→ empirically analyzing the effect of dataset biases on deep face recognition systems ; it is unknown what kind of biases modern in the wild face datasets have because of their lack of annotation . a direct consequence of this is that total recognition rates alone only provide limited insight about the generalization ability of a deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ). we propose to empirically study the effect of different types of dataset biases on the generalization ability of dcnns . using synthetical ←
→ on nonrigid shape similarity and correspondence ; an important operation in geometry processing is finding the correspondences between pairs of shapes . the gromov - hausdorff distance , a measure of dissimilarity between metric spaces , has been found to be highly useful for nonrigid shape comparison . here , we explore the applicability of related shape similarity measures to the problem of shape correspondence , adopting spectral type distances . we propose to evaluate the spectral kernel distance , the spectral e ←
→ a hybrid intelligent model for software cost estimation ; accurate software development effort estimation is critical to the success of software projects . although many techniques and algorithmic models have been developed and implemented by practitioners , accurate software development effort prediction is still a challenging endeavor in the field of software engineering , especially in handling uncertain and imprecise inputs and collinear characteristics . in this paper , a hybrid in - telligent model combining ←
→ parameter learning for log - supermodular distributions ; we consider log - supermodular models on binary variables , which are probabilistic models with negative log - densities which are submodular . these models provide probabilistic interpretations of common combinatorial optimization tasks such as image segmentation . in this paper , we focus primarily on parameter estimation in the models from known upper - bounds on the intractable log - partition function . we show that the bound based on separable optimization on ←
→ robust learning bayesian networks for prior belief ; recent reports have described that learning bayesian networks are highly sensitive to the chosen equivalent sample size ( ess ) in the bayesian dirichlet equivalence uniform ( bdeu ). this sensitivity often engenders some unstable or undesirable results . this paper describes some asymptotic analyses of bdeu to explain the reasons for the sensitivity and its effects . furthermore , this paper presents a proposal for a robust learning score for ess by eliminating ←
→ a geometrical approach to topic model estimation ; in the probabilistic topic models , the quantity of interest --- a low - rank matrix consisting of topic vectors --- is hidden in the text corpus matrix , masked by noise , and the singular value decomposition ( svd ) is a potentially useful tool for learning such a low - rank matrix . however , the connection between this low - rank matrix and the singular vectors of the text corpus matrix are usually complicated and hard to spell out , so how to use svd for learning topic ←
→ clustering for different scales of measurement - the gap - ratio weighted k - means algorithm ; this paper describes a method for clustering data that are spread out over large regions and which dimensions are on different scales of measurement . such an algorithm was developed to implement a robotics application consisting in sorting and storing objects in an unsupervised way . the toy dataset used to validate such application consists of lego bricks of different shapes and colors . the uncontrolled lighting co ←
→ learning language through pictures ; we propose imaginet , a model of learning visually grounded representations of language from coupled textual and visual input . the model consists of two gated recurrent unit networks with shared word embeddings , and uses a multi - task objective by receiving a textual description of a scene and trying to concurrently predict its visual representation and the next word in the sentence . mimicking an important aspect of human language learning , it acquires meaning representati ←
→ increasing behavioral complexity for evolved virtual creatures with the esp method ; since their introduction in 1994 ( sims ), evolved virtual creatures ( evcs ) have employed the coevolution of morphology and control to produce high - impact work in multiple fields , including graphics , evolutionary computation , robotics , and artificial life . however , in contrast to fixed - morphology creatures , there has been no clear increase in the behavioral complexity of evcs in those two decades . this paper describes a met ←
→ sparse linear isotonic models ; in machine learning and data mining , linear models have been widely used to model the response as parametric linear functions of the predictors . to relax such stringent assumptions made by parametric linear models , additive models consider the response to be a summation of unknown transformations applied on the predictors ; in particular , additive isotonic models ( aims ) assume the unknown transformations to be monotone . in this paper , we introduce sparse linear isotonic models ←
→ real - time seamless single shot 6d object pose prediction ; we propose a single - shot approach for simultaneously detecting an object in an rgb image and predicting its 6d pose without requiring multiple stages or having to examine multiple hypotheses . unlike a recently proposed single - shot technique for this task ( kehl et al ., iccv ' 17 ) that only predicts an approximate 6d pose that must then be refined , ours is accurate enough not to require additional post - processing . as a result , it is much faster - 50 fps ←
→ evaluation of a tree - based pipeline optimization tool for automating data science ; as the field of data science continues to grow , there will be an ever - increasing demand for tools that make machine learning accessible to non - experts . in this paper , we introduce the concept of tree - based pipeline optimization for automating one of the most tedious parts of machine learning --- pipeline design . we implement an open source tree - based pipeline optimization tool ( tpot ) in python and demonstrate its effectivene ←
→ regularized multi - task learning for multi - dimensional log - density gradient estimation ; log - density gradient estimation is a fundamental statistical problem and possesses various practical applications such as clustering and measuring non - gaussianity . a naive two - step approach of first estimating the density and then taking its log - gradient is unreliable because an accurate density estimate does not necessarily lead to an accurate log - density gradient estimate . to cope with this problem , a method to direc ←
→ estimating classification uncertainty of bayesian decision tree technique on financial data ; bayesian averaging over classification models allows the uncertainty of classification outcomes to be evaluated , which is of crucial importance for making reliable decisions in applications such as financial in which risks have to be estimated . the uncertainty of classification is determined by a trade - off between the amount of data available for training , the diversity of a classifier ensemble and the required p ←
→ practical gauss - newton optimisation for deep learning ; we present an efficient block - diagonal ap - proximation to the gauss - newton matrix for feedforward neural networks . our result - ing algorithm is competitive against state - of - the - art first order optimisation methods , with sometimes significant improvement in optimisation performance . unlike first - order methods , for which hyperparameter tuning of the optimisation parameters is often a labo - rious process , our approach can provide good performance even wh ←
→ a framework for culture - aware robots based on fuzzy logic ; cultural adaptation , i . e ., the matching of a robot ' s behaviours to the cultural norms and preferences of its user , is a well known key requirement for the success of any assistive application . however , culture - dependent robot behaviours are often implicitly set by designers , thus not allowing for an easy and automatic adaptation to different cultures . this paper presents a method for the design of culture - aware robots , that can automatically adapt ←
→ generating and designing dna with deep generative models ; we propose generative neural network methods to generate dna sequences and tune them to have desired properties . we present three approaches : creating synthetic dna sequences using a generative adversarial network ; a dna - based variant of the activation maximization (" deep dream ") design method ; and a joint procedure which combines these two approaches together . we show that these tools capture important structures of the data and , when applied to de ←
→ a multi - stage supply chain network optimization using genetic algorithms ; in today ' s global business market place , individual firms no longer compete as independent entities with unique brand names but as integral part of supply chain links . key to success of any business is satisfying customer ' s demands on time which may result in cost reductions and increase in service level . in supply chain networks decisions are made with uncertainty about product ' s demands , costs , prices , lead times , quality in a comp ←
→ correction of " cloud removal by fusing multi - source and multi - temporal images " ; remote sensing images often suffer from cloud cover . cloud removal is required in many applications of remote sensing images . multitemporal - based methods are popular and effective to cope with thick clouds . this paper contributes to a summarization and experimental comparation of the existing multitemporal - based methods . furthermore , we propose a spatiotemporal - fusion with poisson - adjustment method to fuse multi - sensor and mu ←
→ practical bayesian optimization for variable cost objectives ; we propose a novel bayesian optimization approach for black - box functions with an environmental variable whose value determines the tradeoff between evaluation cost and the fidelity of the evaluations . further , we use a novel approach to sampling support points , allowing faster construction of the acquisition function . this allows us to achieve optimization with lower overheads than previous approaches and is implemented for a more general class ←
→ deep fisher discriminant learning for mobile hand gesture recognition ; gesture recognition is a challenging problem in the field of biometrics . in this paper , we integrate fisher criterion into bidirectional long - short term memory ( blstm ) network and bidirectional gated recurrent unit ( bgru ), thus leading to two new deep models termed as f - blstm and f - bgru . bothfisher discriminative deep models can effectively classify the gesture based on analyzing the acceleration and angular velocity data of the human ge ←
→ un résultat intrigant en commande sans modèle ; an elementary mathematical example proves , thanks to the routh - hurwitz criterion , a result that is intriguing with respect to today ' s practical understanding of model - free control , i . e ., an " intelligent " proportional controller ( ip ) may turn to be more difficult to tune than an intelligent proportional - derivative one ( ipd ). the vast superiority of ipds when compared to classic pids is shown via computer simulations . the introduction as well as the conclusion a ←
→ quizz : targeted crowdsourcing with a billion ( potential ) users ; we describe quizz , a gamified crowdsourcing system that simultaneously assesses the knowledge of users and acquires new knowledge from them . quizz operates by asking users to complete short quizzes on specific topics ; as a user answers the quiz questions , quizz estimates the user ' s competence . to acquire new knowledge , quizz also incorporates questions for which we do not have a known answer ; the answers given by competent users provide useful ←
→ separation properties of sets of probability measures ; this paper analyzes independence concepts for sets of probability measures associated with directed acyclic graphs . the paper shows that epistemic independence and the standard markov condition violate desirable separation properties . the adoption of a contraction condition leads to d - separation but still fails to guarantee a belief separation property . to overcome this unsatisfactory situation , a strong markov condition is proposed , based on epistemic ←
→ conceptnet at semeval - 2017 task 2 : extending word embeddings with multilingual relational knowledge ; this paper describes luminoso ' s participation in semeval 2017 task 2 , " multilingual and cross - lingual semantic word similarity ", with a system based on conceptnet . conceptnet is an open , multilingual knowledge graph that focuses on general knowledge that relates the meanings of words and phrases . our submission to semeval was an update of previous work that builds high - quality , multilingual word embedding ←
→ understanding human behaviors in crowds by imitating the decision - making process ; crowd behavior understanding is crucial yet challenging across a wide range of applications , since crowd behavior is inherently determined by a sequential decision - making process based on various factors , such as the pedestrians ' own destinations , interaction with nearby pedestrians and anticipation of upcoming events . in this paper , we propose a novel framework of social - aware generative adversarial imitation learning ( sa -←
→ on the construction of probabilistic newton - type algorithms ; it has recently been shown that many of the existing quasi - newton algorithms can be formulated as learning algorithms , capable of learning local models of the cost functions . importantly , this understanding allows us to safely start assembling probabilistic newton - type algorithms , applicable in situations where we only have access to noisy observations of the cost function and its derivatives . this is where our interest lies . we make contributi ←
→ hidden tree markov networks : deep and wide learning for structured data ; the paper introduces the hidden tree markov network ( htn ), a neuro - probabilistic hybrid fusing the representation power of generative models for trees with the incremental and discriminative learning capabilities of neural networks . we put forward a modular architecture in which multiple generative models of limited complexity are trained to learn structural feature detectors whose outputs are then combined and integrated by neural la ←
→ a comparative study of breast surface reconstruction for aesthetic outcome assessment ; breast cancer is the most prevalent cancer type in women , and while its survival rate is generally high the aesthetic outcome is an increasingly important factor when evaluating different treatment alternatives . 3d scanning and reconstruction techniques offer a flexible tool for building detailed and accurate 3d breast models that can be used both pre - operatively for surgical planning and post - operatively for aesthetic ←
→ active learning using uncertainty information ; many active learning methods belong to the retraining - based approaches , which select one unlabeled instance , add it to the training set with its possible labels , retrain the classification model , and evaluate the criteria that we base our selection on . however , since the true label of the selected instance is unknown , these methods resort to calculating the average - case or worse - case performance with respect to the unknown label . in this paper , we propose a di ←
→ an approach to multi - agent planning with incomplete information ; multi - agent planning ( map ) approaches have been typically conceived for independent or loosely - coupled problems to enhance the benefits of distributed planning between autonomous agents as solving this type of problems require less coordination between the agents ' sub - plans . however , when it comes to tightly - coupled agents ' tasks , map has been relegated in favour of centralized approaches and little work has been done in this direction . in th ←
→ learning lexical entries for robotic commands using crowdsourcing ; robotic commands in natural language usually contain various spatial descriptions that are semantically similar but syntactically different . mapping such syntactic variants into semantic concepts that can be understood by robots is challenging due to the high flexibility of natural language expressions . to tackle this problem , we collect robotic commands for navigation and manipulation tasks using crowdsourcing . we further define a robot la ←
→ evolution of a subsumption architecture neurocontroller ; an approach to robotics called layered evolution and merging features from the subsumption architecture into evolutionary robotics is presented , and its advantages are discussed . this approach is used to construct a layered controller for a simulated robot that learns which light source to approach in an environment with obstacles . the evolvability and performance of layered evolution on this task is compared to ( standard ) monolithic evolution , incre ←
→ iterative deep convolutional encoder - decoder network for medical image segmentation ; in this paper , we propose a novel medical image segmentation using iterative deep learning framework . we have combined an iterative learning approach and an encoder - decoder network to improve segmentation results , which enables to precisely localize the regions of interest ( rois ) including complex shapes or detailed textures of medical images in an iterative manner . the proposed iterative deep convolutional encoder - decod ←
→ scene - centric joint parsing of cross - view videos ; cross - view video understanding is an important yet under - explored area in computer vision . in this paper , we introduce a joint parsing framework that integrates view - centric proposals into scene - centric parse graphs that represent a coherent scene - centric understanding of cross - view scenes . our key observations are that overlapping fields of views embed rich appearance and geometry correlations and that knowledge fragments corresponding to individual vision ←
→ a subsequence interleaving model for sequential pattern mining ; recent sequential pattern mining methods have used the minimum description length ( mdl ) principle to define an encoding scheme which describes an algorithm for mining the most compressing patterns in a database . we present a novel subsequence interleaving model based on a probabilistic model of the sequence database , which allows us to search for the most compressing set of patterns without designing a specific encoding scheme . our proposed al ←
→ context aware nonnegative matrix factorization clustering ; in this article we propose a method to refine the clustering results obtained with the nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) technique , imposing consistency constraints on the final labeling of the data . the research community focused its effort on the initialization and on the optimization part of this method , without paying attention to the final cluster assignments . we propose a game theoretic framework in which each object to be clustered is r ←
→ non - crossing dependencies : least effort , not grammar ; the use of null hypotheses ( in a statistical sense ) is common in hard sciences but not in theoretical linguistics . here the null hypothesis that the low frequency of syntactic dependency crossings is expected by an arbitrary ordering of words is rejected . it is shown that this would require star dependency structures , which are both unrealistic and too restrictive . the hypothesis of the limited resources of the human brain is revisited . stronger null hy ←
→ analysing temporally annotated corpora with cavat ; we present cavat , a tool that performs corpus analysis and validation for timeml . cavat is an open source , modular checking utility for statistical analysis of features specific to temporally - annotated natural language corpora . it provides reporting , highlights salient links between a variety of general and time - specific linguistic features , and also validates a temporal annotation to ensure that it is logically consistent and sufficiently annotated . uniqu ←
→ elastic regularization in restricted boltzmann machines : dealing with $ p \ gg n $ ; restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ) are endowed with the universal power of modeling ( binary ) joint distributions . meanwhile , as a result of their confining network structure , training rbms confronts less difficulties ( compared with more complicated models , e . g ., boltzmann machines ) when dealing with approximation and inference issues . however , in certain computational biology scenarios , such as the cancer data analysis , emp ←
→ demystifying information - theoretic clustering ; we propose a novel method for clustering data which is grounded in information - theoretic principles and requires no parametric assumptions . previous attempts to use information theory to define clusters in an assumption - free way are based on maximizing mutual information between data and cluster labels . we demonstrate that this intuition suffers from a fundamental conceptual flaw that causes clustering performance to deteriorate as the amount of data increases ←
→ one model , two languages : training bilingual parsers with harmonized treebanks ; we introduce an approach to train lexicalized parsers using bilingual corpora obtained by merging harmonized treebanks of different languages , producing parsers that can analyze sentences in either of the learned languages , or even sentences that mix both . we test the approach on the universal dependency treebanks , training with maltparser and maltoptimizer . the results show that these bilingual parsers are more than competit ←
→ dynamics of driver ' s gaze : explorations in behavior modeling & maneuver prediction ; the study and modeling of driver ' s gaze dynamics is important because , if and how the driver is monitoring the driving environment is vital for driver assistance in manual mode , for take - over requests in highly automated mode and for semantic perception of the surround in fully autonomous mode . we developed a machine vision based framework to classify driver ' s gaze into context rich zones of interest and model driver ' s ga ←
→ data - free parameter pruning for deep neural networks ; deep neural nets ( nns ) with millions of parameters are at the heart of many state - of - the - art computer vision systems today . however , recent works have shown that much smaller models can achieve similar levels of performance . in this work , we address the problem of pruning parameters in a trained nn model . instead of removing individual weights one at a time as done in previous works , we remove one neuron at a time . we show how similar neurons are redund ←
→ learning nonlinear dynamic models ; we present a novel approach for learning nonlinear dynamic models , which leads to a new set of tools capable of solving problems that are otherwise difficult . we provide theory showing this new approach is consistent for models with long range structure , and apply the approach to motion capture and high - dimensional video data , yielding results superior to standard alternatives .←
→ fastnet ; inception and the resnet family of convolutional neural network archi - tectures have broken records in the past few years , but recent state of the art models have also incurred very high computational cost in terms of training , inference and model size . making the deployment of these models on edge devices , impractical . in light of this , we present a new novel architecture that is designed for high computational efficiency on both gpus and cpus , and is highly suited for deployment on mobile applica ←
→ classification of sparsely labeled spatio - temporal data through semi - supervised adversarial learning ; in recent years , generative adversarial networks ( gan ) have emerged as a powerful method for learning the mapping from noisy latent spaces to realistic data samples in high - dimensional space . so far , the development and application of gans have been predominantly focused on spatial data such as images . in this project , we aim at modeling of spatio - temporal sensor data instead , i . e . dynamic data over time ←
→ an expectation - maximization algorithm for the fractal inverse problem ; we present an expectation - maximization algorithm for the fractal inverse problem : the problem of fitting a fractal model to data . in our setting the fractals are iterated function systems ( ifs ), with similitudes as the family of transformations . the data is a point cloud in ${\ mathbb r }^ h $ with arbitrary dimension $ h $. each ifs defines a probability distribution on ${\ mathbb r }^ h $, so that the fractal inverse problem can be cast as a pr ←
→ fair deep learning prediction for healthcare applications with confounder filtering ; the rapid development of deep learning methods has permitted the fast and accurate medical decision making from complex structured data , like ct images or mri . however , some problems still exist in such applications that may lead to imperfect predictions . previous observations have shown that , confounding factors , if handled inappropriately , will lead to biased prediction results towards some major properties of the data ←
→ on data - driven saak transform ; being motivated by the multilayer recos ( rectified - correlations on a sphere ) transform , we develop a data - driven saak ( subspace approximation with augmented kernels ) transform in this work . the saak transform consists of three steps : 1 ) building the optimal linear subspace approximation with orthonormal bases using the second - order statistics of input vectors , 2 ) augmenting each transform kernel with its negative , 3 ) applying the rectified linear unit ( relu ) to the transform ←
→ deep reinforcement learning framework for autonomous driving ; reinforcement learning is considered to be a strong ai paradigm which can be used to teach machines through interaction with the environment and learning from their mistakes . despite its perceived utility , it has not yet been successfully applied in automotive applications . motivated by the successful demonstrations of learning of atari games and go by google deepmind , we propose a framework for autonomous driving using deep reinforcement learni ←
→ kpca spatio - temporal trajectory point cloud classifier for recognizing human actions in a cbvr system ; we describe a content based video retrieval ( cbvr ) software system for identifying specific locations of a human action within a full length film , and retrieving similar video shots from a query . for this , we introduce the concept of a trajectory point cloud for classifying unique actions , encoded in a spatio - temporal covariant eigenspace , where each point is characterized by its spatial location , local ←
→ experimental comparison of classification uncertainty for randomised and bayesian decision tree ensembles ; in this paper we experimentally compare the classification uncertainty of the randomised decision tree ( dt ) ensemble technique and the bayesian dt technique with a restarting strategy on a synthetic dataset as well as on some datasets commonly used in the machine learning community . for quantitative evaluation of classification uncertainty , we use an uncertainty envelope dealing with the class poste ←
→ low - rank optimization with trace norm penalty ; the paper addresses the problem of low - rank trace norm minimization . we propose an algorithm that alternates between fixed - rank optimization and rank - one updates . the fixed - rank optimization is characterized by an efficient factorization that makes the trace norm differentiable in the search space and the computation of duality gap numerically tractable . the search space is nonlinear but is equipped with a particular riemannian structure that leads to efficien ←
→ efficient face alignment via locality - constrained representation for robust recognition ; practical face recognition has been studied in the past decades , but still remains an open challenge . current prevailing approaches have already achieved substantial breakthroughs in recognition accuracy . however , their performance usually drops dramatically if face samples are severely misaligned . to address this problem , we propose a highly efficient misalignment - robust locality - constrained representation ( mrlr ) al ←
→ neural person search machines ; we investigate the problem of person search in the wild in this work . instead of comparing the query against all candidate regions generated in a query - blind manner , we propose to recursively shrink the search area from the whole image till achieving precise localization of the target person , by fully exploiting information from the query and contextual cues in every recursive search step . we develop the neural person search machines ( npsm ) to implement such recursive localiz ←
→ stamp processing with examplar features ; document digitization is becoming increasingly crucial . in this work , we propose a shape based approach for automatic stamp verification / detection in document images using an unsupervised feature learning . given a small set of training images , our algorithm learns an appropriate shape representation using an unsupervised clustering . experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework in challenging scenarios .←
→ learning unmanned aerial vehicle control for autonomous target following ; while deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) methods have achieved unprecedented successes in a range of challenging problems , their applicability has been mainly limited to simulation or game domains due to the high sample complexity of the trial - and - error learning process . however , real - world robotic applications often need a data - efficient learning process with safety - critical constraints . in this paper , we consider the challenging prob ←
→ substructure and boundary modeling for continuous action recognition ; this paper introduces a probabilistic graphical model for continuous action recognition with two novel components : substructure transition model and discriminative boundary model . the first component encodes the sparse and global temporal transition prior between action primitives in state - space model to handle the large spatial - temporal variations within an action class . the second component enforces the action duration constraint in a ←
→ breaking the $ 1 /\ sqrt { n }$ barrier : faster rates for permutation - based models in polynomial time ; many applications , including rank aggregation and crowd - labeling , can be modeled in terms of a bivariate isotonic matrix with unknown permutations acting on its rows and columns . we consider the problem of estimating such a matrix based on noisy observations of a subset of its entries , and design and analyze polynomial - time algorithms that improve upon the state of the art . in particular , our results imply th ←
→ analyzing classifiers : fisher vectors and deep neural networks ; fisher vector classifiers and deep neural networks ( dnns ) are popular and successful algorithms for solving image classification problems . however , both are generally considered ` black box ' predictors as the non - linear transformations involved have so far prevented transparent and interpretable reasoning . recently , a principled technique , layer - wise relevance propagation ( lrp ), has been developed in order to better comprehend the inherent stru ←
→ graph convolutional matrix completion ; we consider matrix completion for recommender systems from the point of view of link prediction on graphs . interaction data such as movie ratings can be represented by a bipartite user - item graph with labeled edges denoting observed ratings . building on recent progress in deep learning on graph - structured data , we propose a graph auto - encoder framework based on differentiable message passing on the bipartite interaction graph . our model shows competitive performance o ←
→ deep residual bidir - lstm for human activity recognition using wearable sensors ; human activity recognition ( har ) has become a popular topic in research because of its wide application . with the development of deep learning , new ideas have appeared to address har problems . here , a deep network architecture using residual bidirectional long short - term memory ( lstm ) cells is proposed . the advantages of the new network include that a bidirectional connection can concatenate the positive time direction ( forwa ←
→ flexible computing services for comparisons and analyses of classical chinese poetry ; we collect nine corpora of representative chinese poetry for the time span of 1046 bce and 1644 ce for studying the history of chinese words , collocations , and patterns . by flexibly integrating our own tools , we are able to provide new perspectives for approaching our goals . we illustrate the ideas with two examples . the first example show a new way to compare word preferences of poets , and the second example demonstrat ←
→ evolutionary hessian learning : forced optimal covariance adaptive learning ( focal ) ; the covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy ( cma - es ) has been the most successful evolution strategy at exploiting covariance information ; it uses a form of principle component analysis which , under certain conditions , is suggested to converge to the correct covariance matrix , formulated as the inverse of the mathematically well - defined hessian matrix . however , in practice , there exist conditions where cma - es conv ←
→ improving the performance of piecewise linear separation incremental algorithms for practical hardware implementations ; in this paper we shall review the common problems associated with piecewise linear separation incremental algorithms . this kind of neural models yield poor performances when dealing with some classification problems , due to the evolving schemes used to construct the resulting networks . so as to avoid this undesirable behavior we shall propose a modification criterion . it is based upon t ←
→ neural networks for emotion classification ; it is argued that for the computer to be able to interact with humans , it needs to have the communication skills of humans . one of these skills is the ability to understand the emotional state of the person . this thesis describes a neural network - based approach for emotion classification . we learn a classifier that can recognize six basic emotions with an average accuracy of 77 % over the cohn - kanade database . the novelty of this work is that instead of empiricall ←
→ latent space oddity : on the curvature of deep generative models ; deep generative models provide a systematic way to learn nonlinear data distributions , through a set of latent variables and a nonlinear " generator " function that maps latent points into the input space . the nonlinearity of the generator imply that the latent space gives a distorted view of the input space . under mild conditions , we show that this distortion can be characterized by a stochastic riemannian metric , and demonstrate that distance ←
→ deep self - taught learning for handwritten character recognition ; recent theoretical and empirical work in statistical machine learning has demonstrated the importance of learning algorithms for deep architectures , i . e ., function classes obtained by composing multiple non - linear transformations . self - taught learning ( exploiting unlabeled examples or examples from other distributions ) has already been applied to deep learners , but mostly to show the advantage of unlabeled examples . here we explore the advant ←
→ from first - order logic to assertional logic ; first - order logic ( fol ) is widely regarded as one of the most important foundations for knowledge representation . nevertheless , in this paper , we argue that fol has several critical issues for this purpose . instead , we propose an alternative called assertional logic , in which all syntactic objects are categorized as set theoretic constructs including individuals , concepts and operators , and all kinds of knowledge are formalized by equality assertions . we first p ←
→ integration of spatio - temporal contrast sensitivity with a multi - slice channelized hotelling observer ; barten ' s model of spatio - temporal contrast sensitivity function of human visual system is embedded in a multi - slice channelized hotelling observer . this is done by 3d filtering of the stack of images with the spatio - temporal contrast sensitivity function and feeding the result ( i . e ., the perceived image stack ) to the multi - slice channelized hotelling observer . the proposed procedure of considering spati ←
→ geometric gan ; generative adversarial nets ( gans ) represent an important milestone for effective generative models , which has inspired numerous variants seemingly different from each other . one of the main contributions of this paper is to reveal a unified geometric structure in gan and its variants . specifically , we show that the adversarial generative model training can be decomposed into three geometric steps : separating hyperplane search , discriminator parameter update away from the separating hyperpla ←
→ stargan : unified generative adversarial networks for multi - domain image - to - image translation ; recent studies have shown remarkable success in image - to - image translation for two domains . however , existing approaches have limited scalability and robustness in handling more than two domains , since different models should be built independently for every pair of image domains . to address this limitation , we propose stargan , a novel and scalable approach that can perform image - to - image translations for multip ←
→ bayesian optimization with censored response data ; bayesian optimization ( bo ) aims to minimize a given blackbox function using a model that is updated whenever new evidence about the function becomes available . here , we address the problem of bo under partially right - censored response data , where in some evaluations we only obtain a lower bound on the function value . the ability to handle such response data allows us to adaptively censor costly function evaluations in minimization problems where the cost o ←
→ quantifying uncertainty in discrete - continuous and skewed data with bayesian deep learning ; deep learning ( dl ) methods have been transforming computer vision with innovative adaptations to other domains including climate change . for dl to pervade science and engineering ( s \& e ) applications where risk management is a core component , well - characterized uncertainty estimates must accompany predictions . however , s \& e observations and model - simulations often follow heavily skewed distributions and are not wel ←
→ electricity demand forecasting by multi - task learning ; we explore the application of kernel - based multi - task learning techniques to forecast the demand of electricity in multiple nodes of a distribution network . we show that recently developed output kernel learning techniques are particularly well suited to solve this problem , as they allow to flexibly model the complex seasonal effects that characterize electricity demand data , while learning and exploiting correlations between multiple demand profiles . ←
→ towards anthropo - inspired computational systems : the $ p ^ 3 $ model ; this paper proposes a model which aim is providing a more coherent framework for agents design . we identify three closely related anthropo - centered domains working on separate functional levels . abstracting from human physiology , psychology , and philosophy we create the $ p ^ 3 $ model to be used as a multi - tier approach to deal with complex class of problems . the three layers identified in this model have been named physiocomputing , mindcomputi ←
→ homotopy parametric simplex method for sparse learning ; high dimensional sparse learning has imposed a great computational challenge to large scale data analysis . in this paper , we are interested in a broad class of sparse learning approaches formulated as linear programs parametrized by a {\ em regularization factor }, and solve them by the parametric simplex method ( psm ). our parametric simplex method offers significant advantages over other competing methods : ( 1 ) psm naturally obtains the complete solutio ←
→ action - driven object detection with top - down visual attentions ; a dominant paradigm for deep learning based object detection relies on a " bottom - up " approach using " passive " scoring of class agnostic proposals . these approaches are efficient but lack of holistic analysis of scene - level context . in this paper , we present an " action - driven " detection mechanism using our " top - down " visual attention model . we localize an object by taking sequential actions that the attention model provides . the attention model ←
→ a stochastic pca and svd algorithm with an exponential convergence rate ; we describe and analyze a simple algorithm for principal component analysis and singular value decomposition , vr - pca , which uses computationally cheap stochastic iterations , yet converges exponentially fast to the optimal solution . in contrast , existing algorithms suffer either from slow convergence , or computationally intensive iterations whose runtime scales with the data size . the algorithm builds on a recent variance - reduced stoch ←
→ shape and spatially - varying reflectance estimation from virtual exemplars ; this paper addresses the problem of estimating the shape of objects that exhibit spatially - varying reflectance . we assume that multiple images of the object are obtained under a fixed view - point and varying illumination , i . e ., the setting of photometric stereo . at the core of our techniques is the assumption that the brdf at each pixel lies in the non - negative span of a known brdf dictionary . this assumption enables a per - pixel sur ←
→ explicablility as minimizing distance from expected behavior ; in order to have effective human ai collaboration , it is not simply enough to address the question of autonomy ; an equally important question is , how the ai ' s behavior is being perceived by their human counterparts . when ai agent ' s task plans are generated without such considerations , they may often demonstrate inexplicable behavior from the human ' s point of view . this problem arises due to the human ' s partial or inaccurate understanding of the ←
→ a synergistic approach for recovering occlusion - free textured 3d maps of urban facades from heterogeneous cartographic data ; in this paper we present a practical approach for generating an occlusion - free textured 3d map of urban facades by the synergistic use of terrestrial images , 3d point clouds and area - based information . particularly in dense urban environments , the high presence of urban objects in front of the facades causes significant difficulties for several stages in computational building mode ←
→ the usfd spoken language translation system for iwslt 2014 ; the university of sheffield ( usfd ) participated in the international workshop for spoken language translation ( iwslt ) in 2014 . in this paper , we will introduce the usfd slt system for iwslt . automatic speech recognition ( asr ) is achieved by two multi - pass deep neural network systems with adaptation and rescoring techniques . machine translation ( mt ) is achieved by a phrase - based system . the usfd primary system incorporates state - of - the - art asr and ←
→ embedded real - time fall detection using deep learning for elderly care ; this paper proposes a real - time embedded fall detection system using a dvs ( dynamic vision sensor ) that has never been used for traditional fall detection , a dataset for fall detection using that , and a dvs - tn ( dvs - temporal network ). the first contribution is building a dvs falls dataset , which made our network to recognize a much greater variety of falls than the existing datasets that existed before and solved privacy issues using the ←
→ learning optimal interventions ; our goal is to identify beneficial interventions from observational data . we consider interventions that are narrowly focused ( impacting few covariates ) and may be tailored to each individual or globally enacted over a population . for applications where harmful intervention is drastically worse than proposing no change , we propose a conservative definition of the optimal intervention . assuming the underlying relationship remains invariant under intervention , we develop effic ←
→ chaos - guided input structuring for improved learning in recurrent neural networks ; anatomical studies demonstrate that brain reformats input information to generate reliable responses for performing computations . however , it remains unclear how neural circuits encode complex spatio - temporal patterns . we show that neural dynamics are strongly influenced by the phase alignment between the input and the spontaneous chaotic activity . input structuring along the dominant chaotic projections causes the chaotic ←
→ collusion in unrepeated , first - price auctions with an uncertain number of participants ; we consider the question of whether collusion among bidders ( a " bidding ring ") can be supported in equilibrium of unrepeated first - price auctions . unlike previous work on the topic such as that by mcafee and mcmillan [ 1992 ] and marshall and marx [ 2007 ], we do not assume that non - colluding agents have perfect knowledge about the number of colluding agents whose bids are suppressed by the bidding ring , and indeed even a ←
→ pooling the convolutional layers in deep convnets for action recognition ; deep convnets have shown its good performance in image classification tasks . however it still remains as a problem in deep video representation for action recognition . the problem comes from two aspects : on one hand , current video convnets are relatively shallow compared with image convnets , which limits its capability of capturing the complex video action information ; on the other hand , temporal information of videos is not properly ←
→ a fast projected fixed - point algorithm for large graph matching ; we propose a fast approximate algorithm for large graph matching . a new projected fixed - point method is defined and a new doubly stochastic projection is adopted to derive the algorithm . previous graph matching algorithms suffer from high computational complexity and therefore do not have good scalability with respect to graph size . for matching two weighted graphs of $ n $ nodes , our algorithm has time complexity only $ o ( n ^ 3 )$ per iteration an ←
→ asymptotically exact , embarrassingly parallel mcmc ; communication costs , resulting from synchronization requirements during learning , can greatly slow down many parallel machine learning algorithms . in this paper , we present a parallel markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) algorithm in which subsets of data are processed independently , with very little communication . first , we arbitrarily partition data onto multiple machines . then , on each machine , any classical mcmc method ( e . g ., gibbs sampling ) may be used to ←
→ mapping heritability of large - scale brain networks with a billion connections {\ em via } persistent homology ; in many human brain network studies , we do not have sufficient number ( n ) of images relative to the number ( p ) of voxels due to the prohibitively expensive cost of scanning enough subjects . thus , brain network models usually suffer the small - n large - p problem . such a problem is often remedied by sparse network models , which are usually solved numerically by optimizing l1 - penalties . unfortunately , ←
→ reset - free trial - and - error learning for robot damage recovery ; the high probability of hardware failures prevents many advanced robots ( e . g ., legged robots ) from being confidently deployed in real - world situations ( e . g ., post - disaster rescue ). instead of attempting to diagnose the failures , robots could adapt by trial - and - error in order to be able to complete their tasks . in this situation , damage recovery can be seen as a reinforcement learning ( rl ) problem . however , the best rl algorithms for robotics re ←
→ face search at scale : 80 million gallery ; due to the prevalence of social media websites , one challenge facing computer vision researchers is to devise methods to process and search for persons of interest among the billions of shared photos on these websites . facebook revealed in a 2013 white paper that its users have uploaded more than 250 billion photos , and are uploading 350 million new photos each day . due to this humongous amount of data , large - scale face search for mining web images is both importan ←
→ an empirical analysis of nmt - derived interlingual embeddings and their use in parallel sentence identification ; end - to - end neural machine translation has overtaken statistical machine translation in terms of translation quality for some language pairs , specially those with large amounts of parallel data . besides this palpable improvement , neural networks provide several new properties . a single system can be trained to translate between many languages at almost no additional cost other than training time ←
→ deriving quests from open world mechanics ; open world games present players with more freedom than games with linear progression structures . however , without clearly - defined objectives , they often leave players without a sense of purpose . most of the time , quests and objectives are hand - authored and overlaid atop an open world ' s mechanics . but what if they could be generated organically from the gameplay itself ? the goal of our project was to develop a model of the mechanics in minecraft that could be used ←
→ an axiomatic formalization of bounded rationality based on a utility - information equivalence ; classic decision - theory is based on the maximum expected utility ( meu ) principle , but crucially ignores the resource costs incurred when determining optimal decisions . here we propose an axiomatic framework for bounded decision - making that considers resource costs . agents are formalized as probability measures over input - output streams . we postulate that any such probability measure can be assigned a correspondi ←
→ counterfactual learning from bandit feedback under deterministic logging : a case study in statistical machine translation ; the goal of counterfactual learning for statistical machine translation ( smt ) is to optimize a target smt system from logged data that consist of user feedback to translations that were predicted by another , historic smt system . a challenge arises by the fact that risk - averse commercial smt systems deterministically log the most probable translation . the lack of sufficient exploratio ←
→ analysing congestion problems in multi - agent reinforcement learning ; congestion problems are omnipresent in today ' s complex networks and represent a challenge in many research domains . in the context of multi - agent reinforcement learning ( marl ), approaches like difference rewards and resource abstraction have shown promising results in tackling such problems . resource abstraction was shown to be an ideal candidate for solving large - scale resource allocation problems in a fully decentralized manner . however ←
→ hierarchical spatial transformer network ; computer vision researchers have been expecting that neural networks have spatial transformation ability to eliminate the interference caused by geometric distortion for a long time . emergence of spatial transformer network makes dream come true . spatial transformer network and its variants can handle global displacement well , but lack the ability to deal with local spatial variance . hence how to achieve a better manner of deformation in the neural network has beco ←
→ large - scale deep learning on the yfcc100m dataset ; we present a work - in - progress snapshot of learning with a 15 billion parameter deep learning network on hpc architectures applied to the largest publicly available natural image and video dataset released to - date . recent advancements in unsupervised deep neural networks suggest that scaling up such networks in both model and training dataset size can yield significant improvements in the learning of concepts at the highest layers . we train our three - layer ←
→ pmog : the projected mixture of gaussians model with application to blind source separation ; we extend the mixtures of gaussians ( mog ) model to the projected mixture of gaussians ( pmog ) model . in the pmog model , we assume that q dimensional input data points z_i are projected by a q dimensional vector w into 1 - d variables u_i . the projected variables u_i are assumed to follow a 1 - d mog model . in the pmog model , we maximize the likelihood of observing u_i to find both the model parameters for the 1 - d mog a ←
→ implicit density estimation by local moment matching to sample from auto - encoders ; recent work suggests that some auto - encoder variants do a good job of capturing the local manifold structure of the unknown data generating density . this paper contributes to the mathematical understanding of this phenomenon and helps define better justified sampling algorithms for deep learning based on auto - encoder variants . we consider an mcmc where each step samples from a gaussian whose mean and covariance matrix depe ←
→ vgan - based image representation learning for privacy - preserving facial expression recognition ; reliable facial expression recognition plays a critical role in human - machine interactions . however , most of the facial expression analysis methodologies proposed to date pay little or no attention to the protection of a user ' s privacy . in this paper , we propose a privacy - preserving representation - learning variational generative adversarial network ( pprl - vgan ) to learn an image representation that is explicitly ←
→ consistency ensuring in social web services based on commitments structure ; web service is one of the most significant current discussions in information sharing technologies and one of the examples of service oriented processing . to ensure accurate execution of web services operations , it must be adaptable with policies of the social networks in which it signs up . this adaptation implements using controls called ' commitment '. this paper describes commitments structure and existing research about commitm ←
→ exploiting spatio - temporal structure with recurrent winner - take - all networks ; we propose a convolutional recurrent neural network , with winner - take - all dropout for high dimensional unsupervised feature learning in multi - dimensional time series . we apply the proposedmethod for object recognition with temporal context in videos and obtain better results than comparable methods in the literature , including the deep predictive coding networks previously proposed by chalasani and principe . our contributions ca ←
→ document clustering games in static and dynamic scenarios ; in this work we propose a game theoretic model for document clustering . each document to be clustered is represented as a player and each cluster as a strategy . the players receive a reward interacting with other players that they try to maximize choosing their best strategies . the geometry of the data is modeled with a weighted graph that encodes the pairwise similarity among documents , so that similar players are constrained to choose similar str ←
→ regnet : multimodal sensor registration using deep neural networks ; in this paper , we present regnet , the first deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to infer a 6 degrees of freedom ( dof ) extrinsic calibration between multimodal sensors , exemplified using a scanning lidar and a monocular camera . compared to existing approaches , regnet casts all three conventional calibration steps ( feature extraction , feature matching and global regression ) into a single real - time capable cnn . our method does not require ←
→ generative image modeling using spatial lstms ; modeling the distribution of natural images is challenging , partly because of strong statistical dependencies which can extend over hundreds of pixels . recurrent neural networks have been successful in capturing long - range dependencies in a number of problems but only recently have found their way into generative image models . we here introduce a recurrent image model based on multi - dimensional long short - term memory units which are particularly suited for ima ←
→ an evolutionary approach towards clustering airborne laser scanning data ; in land surveying , the generation of maps was greatly simplified with the introduction of orthophotos and at a later stage with airborne lidar laser scanning systems . while the original purpose of lidar systems was to determine the altitude of ground elevations , newer full wave systems provide additional information that can be used on classifying the type of ground cover and the generation of maps . the lidar resulting point clouds a ←
→ on the generation of alternative explanations with implications for belief revision ; in general , the best explanation for a given observation makes no promises on how good it is with respect to other alternative explanations . a major deficiency of message - passing schemes for belief revision in bayesian networks is their inability to generate alternatives beyond the second best . in this paper , we present a general approach based on linear constraint systems that naturally generates alternative explanation ←
→ the ibm 2015 english conversational telephone speech recognition system ; we describe the latest improvements to the ibm english conversational telephone speech recognition system . some of the techniques that were found beneficial are : maxout networks with annealed dropout rates ; networks with a very large number of outputs trained on 2000 hours of data ; joint modeling of partially unfolded recurrent neural networks and convolutional nets by combining the bottleneck and output layers and retraining the resu ←
→ fast stochastic methods for nonsmooth nonconvex optimization ; we analyze stochastic algorithms for optimizing nonconvex , nonsmooth finite - sum problems , where the nonconvex part is smooth and the nonsmooth part is convex . surprisingly , unlike the smooth case , our knowledge of this fundamental problem is very limited . for example , it is not known whether the proximal stochastic gradient method with constant minibatch converges to a stationary point . to tackle this issue , we develop fast stochastic algorithms ←
→ acceleration of histogram - based contrast enhancement via selective downsampling ; in this paper , we propose a general framework to accelerate the universal histogram - based image contrast enhancement ( ce ) algorithms . both spatial and gray - level selective down - sampling of digital images are adopted to decrease computational cost , while the visual quality of enhanced images is still preserved and without apparent degradation . mapping function calibration is novelly proposed to reconstruct the pixel mapping ←
→ hamiltonian streamline guided feature extraction with applications to face detection ; we propose a new feature extraction method based on two dynamical systems induced by intensity landscape : the negative gradient system and the hamiltonian system . we build features based on the hamiltonian streamlines . these features contain nice global topological information about the intensity landscape , and can be used for object detection . we show that for training images of same size , our feature space is much sma ←
→ a scheme for molecular computation of maximum likelihood estimators for log - linear models ; we propose a novel molecular computing scheme for statistical inference . we focus on the much - studied statistical inference problem of computing maximum likelihood estimators for log - linear models . our scheme takes log - linear models to reaction systems , and the observed data to initial conditions , so that the corresponding equilibrium of each reaction system encodes the corresponding maximum likelihood estimator . t ←
→ cross - modal deep metric learning with multi - task regularization ; dnn - based cross - modal retrieval has become a research hotspot , by which users can search results across various modalities like image and text . however , existing methods mainly focus on the pairwise correlation and reconstruction error of labeled data . they ignore the semantically similar and dissimilar constraints between different modalities , and cannot take advantage of unlabeled data . this paper proposes cross - modal deep metric learning w ←
→ robust kernel ( cross -) covariance operators in reproducing kernel hilbert space toward kernel methods ; to the best of our knowledge , there are no general well - founded robust methods for statistical unsupervised learning . most of the unsupervised methods explicitly or implicitly depend on the kernel covariance operator ( kernel co ) or kernel cross - covariance operator ( kernel cco ). they are sensitive to contaminated data , even when using bounded positive definite kernels . first , we propose robust kernel cov ←
→ a new generalization of the proportional conflict redistribution rule stable in terms of decision ; in this chapter , we present and discuss a new generalized proportional conflict redistribution rule . the dezert - smarandache extension of the demster - shafer theory has relaunched the studies on the combination rules especially for the management of the conflict . many combination rules have been proposed in the last few years . we study here different combination rules and compare them in terms of decision on ←
→ geometry and dynamics for markov chain monte carlo ; markov chain monte carlo methods have revolutionised mathematical computation and enabled statistical inference within many previously intractable models . in this context , hamiltonian dynamics have been proposed as an efficient way of building chains which can explore probability densities efficiently . the method emerges from physics and geometry and these links have been extensively studied by a series of authors through the last thirty years . however , t ←
→ well - founded semantics for extended logic programs with dynamic preferences ; the paper describes an extension of well - founded semantics for logic programs with two types of negation . in this extension information about preferences between rules can be expressed in the logical language and derived dynamically . this is achieved by using a reserved predicate symbol and a naming technique . conflicts among rules are resolved whenever possible on the basis of derived preference information . the well - founded co ←
→ integrated model , batch and domain parallelism in training neural networks ; we propose a new integrated method of exploiting model , batch and domain parallelism for the training of deep neural networks ( dnns ) on large distributed - memory computers using minibatch stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ). our goal is to find an efficient parallelization strategy for a fixed batch size using $ p $ processes . our method is inspired by the communication - avoiding algorithms in numerical linear algebra . we see $ p $ proce ←
→ understanding state preferences with text as data : introducing the un general debate corpus ; every year at the united nations , member states deliver statements during the general debate discussing major issues in world politics . these speeches provide invaluable information on governments ' perspectives and preferences on a wide range of issues , but have largely been overlooked in the study of international politics . this paper introduces a new dataset consisting of over 7 , 701 english - language country sta ←
→ enft : efficient non - consecutive feature tracking for robust structure - from - motion ; structure - from - motion ( sfm ) largely relies on feature tracking . in image sequences , if disjointed tracks caused by objects moving in and out of the field of view , occasional occlusion , or image noise , are not handled well , corresponding sfm could be affected . this problem becomes severer for large - scale scenes , which typically requires to capture multiple sequences to cover the whole scene . in this paper , we propose an eff ←
→ eigendecomposition - free training of deep networks with zero eigenvalue - based losses ; many classical computer vision problems , such as essential matrix computation and pose estimation from 3d to 2d correspondences , can be solved by finding the eigenvector corresponding to the smallest , or zero , eigenvalue of a matrix representing a linear system . incorporating this in deep learning frameworks would allow us to explicitly encode known notions of geometry , instead of having the network implicitly learn them ←
→ invertibility and robustness of phaseless reconstruction ; this paper is concerned with the question of reconstructing a vector in a finite - dimensional real hilbert space when only the magnitudes of the coefficients of the vector under a redundant linear map are known . we analyze various lipschitz bounds of the nonlinear analysis map and we establish theoretical performance bounds of any reconstruction algorithm . we show that robust and stable reconstruction requires additional redundancy than the critical ←
→ a neural network based approach for predicting customer churn in cellular network services ; marketing literature states that it is more costly to engage a new customer than to retain an existing loyal customer . churn prediction models are developed by academics and practitioners to effectively manage and control customer churn in order to retain existing customers . as churn management is an important activity for companies to retain loyal customers , the ability to correctly predict customer churn is nece ←
→ latent belief theory and belief dependencies : a solution to the recovery problem in the belief set theories ; the agm recovery postulate says : assume a set of propositions x ; assume that it is consistent and that it is closed under logical consequences ; remove a belief p from the set minimally , but make sure that the resultant set is again some set of propositions x ' which is closed under the logical consequences ; now add p again and close the set under the logical consequences ; and we should get a set of ←
→ generalising unit - refutation completeness and slur via nested input resolution ; we introduce two hierarchies of clause - sets , slur_k and uc_k , based on the classes slur ( single lookahead unit refutation ), introduced in 1995 , and uc ( unit refutation complete ), introduced in 1994 . the class slur , introduced in [ annexstein et al , 1995 ], is the class of clause - sets for which unit - clause - propagation ( denoted by r_1 ) detects unsatisfiability , or where otherwise iterative assignment , avoiding obviously false a ←
→ enhanced optimization with composite objectives and novelty selection ; an important benefit of multi - objective search is that it maintains a diverse population of candidates , which helps in deceptive problems in particular . not all diversity is useful , however : candidates that optimize only one objective while ignoring others are rarely helpful . this paper proposes a solution : the original objectives are replaced by their linear combinations , thus focusing the search on the most useful tradeoffs between ob ←
→ multi - task learning for extraction of adverse drug reaction mentions from tweets ; adverse drug reactions ( adrs ) are one of the leading causes of mortality in health care . current adr surveillance systems are often associated with a substantial time lag before such events are officially published . on the other hand , online social media such as twitter contain information about adr events in real - time , much before any official reporting . current state - of - the - art in adr mention extraction uses recurrent neu ←
→ naming game on adaptive weighted networks ; we examine a naming game on an adaptive weighted network . a weight of connection for a given pair of agents depends on their communication success rate and determines the probability with which the agents communicate . in some cases , depending on the parameters of the model , the preference toward successfully communicating agents is basically negligible and the model behaves similarly to the naming game on a complete graph . in particular , it quickly reaches a singl ←
→ analysis of morphology in topic modeling ; topic models make strong assumptions about their data . in particular , different words are implicitly assumed to have different meanings : topic models are often used as human - interpretable dimensionality reductions and a proliferation of words with identical meanings would undermine the utility of the top -$ m $ word list representation of a topic . though a number of authors have added preprocessing steps such as lemmatization to better accommodate these assumptions , t ←
→ a study of association measures and their combination for arabic mwt extraction ; automatic multi - word term ( mwt ) extraction is a very important issue to many applications , such as information retrieval , question answering , and text categorization . although many methods have been used for mwt extraction in english and other european languages , few studies have been applied to arabic . in this paper , we propose a novel , hybrid method which combines linguistic and statistical approaches for arabic multi - word ←
→ regression trees and random forest based feature selection for malaria risk exposure prediction ; this paper deals with prediction of anopheles number , the main vector of malaria risk , using environmental and climate variables . the variables selection is based on an automatic machine learning method using regression trees , and random forests combined with stratified two levels cross validation . the minimum threshold of variables importance is accessed using the quadratic distance of variables importance w ←
→ a cross - media retrieval system for lecture videos ; we propose a cross - media lecture - on - demand system , in which users can selectively view specific segments of lecture videos by submitting text queries . users can easily formulate queries by using the textbook associated with a target lecture , even if they cannot come up with effective keywords . our system extracts the audio track from a target lecture video , generates a transcription by large vocabulary continuous speech recognition , and produces a text ind ←
→ beyond triplet loss : a deep quadruplet network for person re - identification ; person re - identification ( reid ) is an important task in wide area video surveillance which focuses on identifying people across different cameras . recently , deep learning networks with a triplet loss become a common framework for person reid . however , the triplet loss pays main attentions on obtaining correct orders on the training set . it still suffers from a weaker generalization capability from the training set to the testing ←
→ data - adaptive active sampling for efficient graph - cognizant classification ; the present work deals with active sampling of graph nodes representing training data for binary classification . the graph may be given or constructed using similarity measures among nodal features . leveraging the graph for classification builds on the premise that labels across neighboring nodes are correlated according to a categorical markov random field ( mrf ). this model is further relaxed to a gaussian ( g ) mrf with labels tak ←
→ predicting performance of a face recognition system based on image quality ; in this dissertation , we present a generative model to capture the relation between facial image quality features ( like pose , illumination direction , etc ) and face recognition performance . such a model can be used to predict the performance of a face recognition system . since the model is based solely on image quality features , performance predictions can be done even before the actual recognition has taken place thereby facilita ←
→ the euler - poincare theory of metamorphosis ; in the pattern matching approach to imaging science , the process of `` metamorphosis '' is template matching with dynamical templates . here , we recast the metamorphosis equations of into the euler - poincare variational framework of and show that the metamorphosis equations contain the equations for a perfect complex fluid \ cite { ho2002 }. this result connects the ideas underlying the process of metamorphosis in image matching to the physical concept of order parameter ←
→ relaxed earth mover ' s distances for chain - and tree - connected spaces and their use as a loss function in deep learning ; the earth mover ' s distance ( emd ) computes the optimal cost of transforming one distribution into another , given a known transport metric between them . in deep learning , the emd loss allows us to embed information during training about the output space structure like hierarchical or semantic relations . this helps in achieving better output smoothness and generalization . however emd is co ←
→ decoding visual stimuli in human brain by using anatomical pattern analysis on fmri images ; a universal unanswered question in neuroscience and machine learning is whether computers can decode the patterns of the human brain . multi - voxels pattern analysis ( mvpa ) is a critical tool for addressing this question . however , there are two challenges in the previous mvpa methods , which include decreasing sparsity and noises in the extracted features and increasing the performance of prediction . in overcoming me ←
→ componentwise least squares support vector machines ; this chapter describes componentwise least squares support vector machines ( ls - svms ) for the estimation of additive models consisting of a sum of nonlinear components . the primal - dual derivations characterizing ls - svms for the estimation of the additive model result in a single set of linear equations with size growing in the number of data - points . the derivation is elaborated for the classification as well as the regression case . furthermore , different ←
→ a study of parameters affecting visual saliency assessment ; since the early 2000s , computational visual saliency has been a very active research area . each year , more and more new models are published in the main computer vision conferences . nowadays , one of the big challenges is to find a way to fairly evaluate all of these models . in this paper , a new framework is proposed to assess models of visual saliency . this evaluation is divided into three experiments leading to the proposition of a new evaluation ←
→ support vector machine and its bias correction in high - dimension , low - sample - size settings ; in this paper , we consider asymptotic properties of the support vector machine ( svm ) in high - dimension , low - sample - size ( hdlss ) settings . we show that the hard - margin linear svm holds a consistency property in which misclassification rates tend to zero as the dimension goes to infinity under certain severe conditions . we show that the svm is very biased in hdlss settings and its performance is affected by the bias ←
→ predicting alzheimer ' s disease : a neuroimaging study with 3d convolutional neural networks ; pattern recognition methods using neuroimaging data for the diagnosis of alzheimer ' s disease have been the subject of extensive research in recent years . in this paper , we use deep learning methods , and in particular sparse autoencoders and 3d convolutional neural networks , to build an algorithm that can predict the disease status of a patient , based on an mri scan of the brain . we report on experiments using the ←
→ cross - dimensional weighting for aggregated deep convolutional features ; we propose a simple and straightforward way of creating powerful image representations via cross - dimensional weighting and aggregation of deep convolutional neural network layer outputs . we first present a generalized framework that encompasses a broad family of approaches and includes cross - dimensional pooling and weighting steps . we then propose specific non - parametric schemes for both spatial - and channel - wise weighting that boost t ←
→ a deep siamese network for scene detection in broadcast videos ; we present a model that automatically divides broadcast videos into coherent scenes by learning a distance measure between shots . experiments are performed to demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach by comparing our algorithm against recent proposals for automatic scene segmentation . we also propose an improved performance measure that aims to reduce the gap between numerical evaluation and expected results , and propose and release a new ←
→ the effect of wording on message propagation : topic - and author - controlled natural experiments on twitter ; consider a person trying to spread an important message on a social network . he / she can spend hours trying to craft the message . does it actually matter ? while there has been extensive prior work looking into predicting popularity of social - media content , the effect of wording per se has rarely been studied since it is often confounded with the popularity of the author and the topic . to control for ←
→ joint modeling of content and discourse relations in dialogues ; we present a joint modeling approach to identify salient discussion points in spoken meetings as well as to label the discourse relations between speaker turns . a variation of our model is also discussed when discourse relations are treated as latent variables . experimental results on two popular meeting corpora show that our joint model can outperform state - of - the - art approaches for both phrase - based content selection and discourse relation p ←
→ wasserstein learning of deep generative point process models ; point processes are becoming very popular in modeling asynchronous sequential data due to their sound mathematical foundation and strength in modeling a variety of real - world phenomena . currently , they are often characterized via intensity function which limits model ' s expressiveness due to unrealistic assumptions on its parametric form used in practice . furthermore , they are learned via maximum likelihood approach which is prone to failure in m ←
→ a review on deep learning techniques applied to semantic segmentation ; image semantic segmentation is more and more being of interest for computer vision and machine learning researchers . many applications on the rise need accurate and efficient segmentation mechanisms : autonomous driving , indoor navigation , and even virtual or augmented reality systems to name a few . this demand coincides with the rise of deep learning approaches in almost every field or application target related to computer vision , incl ←
→ collaborative deep learning in fixed topology networks ; there is significant recent interest to parallelize deep learning algorithms in order to handle the enormous growth in data and model sizes . while most advances focus on model parallelization and engaging multiple computing agents via using a central parameter server , aspect of data parallelization along with decentralized computation has not been explored sufficiently . in this context , this paper presents a new consensus - based distributed sgd ( cdsgd )←
→ semi - supervised learning with ladder networks ; we combine supervised learning with unsupervised learning in deep neural networks . the proposed model is trained to simultaneously minimize the sum of supervised and unsupervised cost functions by backpropagation , avoiding the need for layer - wise pre - training . our work builds on the ladder network proposed by valpola ( 2015 ), which we extend by combining the model with supervision . we show that the resulting model reaches state - of - the - art performance in semi - su ←
→ a comparison of learning algorithms on the arcade learning environment ; reinforcement learning agents have traditionally been evaluated on small toy problems . with advances in computing power and the advent of the arcade learning environment , it is now possible to evaluate algorithms on diverse and difficult problems within a consistent framework . we discuss some challenges posed by the arcade learning environment which do not manifest in simpler environments . we then provide a comparison of model - free , li ←
→ statistical learning in automated troubleshooting : application to lte interference mitigation ; this paper presents a method for automated healing as part of off - line automated troubleshooting . the method combines statistical learning with constraint optimization . the automated healing aims at locally optimizing radio resource management ( rrm ) or system parameters of cells with poor performance in an iterative manner . the statistical learning processes the data using logistic regression ( lr ) to extract cl ←
→ emergence of compositional representations in restricted boltzmann machines ; extracting automatically the complex set of features composing real high - dimensional data is crucial for achieving high performance in machine -- learning tasks . restricted boltzmann machines ( rbm ) are empirically known to be efficient for this purpose , and to be able to generate distributed and graded representations of the data . we characterize the structural conditions ( sparsity of the weights , low effective temperature , nonlin ←
→ an information - theoretic framework for fast and robust unsupervised learning via neural population infomax ; a framework is presented for unsupervised learning of representations based on infomax principle for large - scale neural populations . we use an asymptotic approximation to the shannon ' s mutual information for a large neural population to demonstrate that a good initial approximation to the global information - theoretic optimum can be obtained by a hierarchical infomax method . starting from the initia ←
→ explanation in artificial intelligence : insights from the social sciences ; there has been a recent resurgence in the area of explainable artificial intelligence as researchers and practitioners seek to provide more transparency to their algorithms . much of this research is focused on explicitly explaining decisions or actions to a human observer , and it should not be controversial to say that , if these techniques are to succeed , the explanations they generate should have a structure that humans accept . h ←
→ fair assignment of indivisible objects under ordinal preferences ; we consider the discrete assignment problem in which agents express ordinal preferences over objects and these objects are allocated to the agents in a fair manner . we use the stochastic dominance relation between fractional or randomized allocations to systematically define varying notions of proportionality and envy - freeness for discrete assignments . the computational complexity of checking whether a fair assignment exists is studied for t ←
→ hashbox : hash hierarchical segmentation exploiting bounding box object detection ; we propose a novel approach to address the simultaneous detection and segmentation problem . using hierarchical structures we use an efficient and accurate procedure that exploits the hierarchy feature information using locality sensitive hashing . we build on recent work that utilizes convolutional neural networks to detect bounding boxes in an image ( faster r - cnn ) and then use the top similar hierarchical region that best f ←
→ robot in a room : toward perfect object recognition in closed environments ; while general object recognition is still far from being solved , this paper proposes a way for a robot to recognize every object at an almost human - level accuracy . our key observation is that many robots will stay in a relatively closed environment ( e . g . a house or an office ). by constraining a robot to stay in a limited territory , we can ensure that the robot has seen most objects before and the speed of introducing a new object ←
→ missing data imputation for supervised learning ; this paper compares methods for imputing missing categorical data for supervised learning tasks . the ability of researchers to accurately fit a model and yield unbiased estimates may be compromised by missing data , which are prevalent in survey - based social science research . we experiment on two machine learning benchmark datasets with missing categorical data , comparing classifiers trained on non - imputed ( i . e ., one - hot encoded ) or imputed data with differen ←
→ how transferable are cnn - based features for age and gender classification ? ; age and gender are complementary soft biometric traits for face recognition . successful estimation of age and gender from facial images taken under real - world conditions can contribute improving the identification results in the wild . in this study , in order to achieve robust age and gender classification in the wild , we have benefited from deep convolutional neural networks based representation . we have explored transferability ←
→ a simpler approach to obtaining an o ( 1 / t ) convergence rate for the projected stochastic subgradient method ; in this note , we present a new averaging technique for the projected stochastic subgradient method . by using a weighted average with a weight of t + 1 for each iterate w_t at iteration t , we obtain the convergence rate of o ( 1 / t ) with both an easy proof and an easy implementation . the new scheme is compared empirically to existing techniques , with similar performance behavior .←
→ a deep learning based 6 degree - of - freedom localization method for endoscopic capsule robots ; we present a robust deep learning based 6 degrees - of - freedom ( dof ) localization system for endoscopic capsule robots . our system mainly focuses on localization of endoscopic capsule robots inside the gi tract using only visual information captured by a mono camera integrated to the robot . the proposed system is a 23 - layer deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) that is capable to estimate the pose of the robot in ←
→ dictionary integration using 3d morphable face models for pose - invariant collaborative - representation - based classification ; the paper presents a dictionary integration algorithm using 3d morphable face models ( 3dmm ) for pose - invariant collaborative - representation - based face classification . to this end , we first fit a 3dmm to the 2d face images of a dictionary to reconstruct the 3d shape and texture of each image . the 3d faces are used to render a number of virtual 2d face images with arbitrary pose varia ←
→ nearly optimal adaptive procedure for piecewise - stationary bandit : a change - point detection approach ; multi - armed bandit ( mab ) is a class of online learning problems where a learning agent aims to maximize its expected cumulative reward while repeatedly selecting to pull arms with unknown reward distributions . in this paper , we consider a scenario in which the arms ' reward distributions may change in a piecewise - stationary fashion at unknown time steps . by connecting change - detection techniques with clas ←
→ development of javascript - based deep learning platform and application to distributed training ; deep learning is increasingly attracting attention for processing big data . existing frameworks for deep learning must be set up to specialized computer systems . gaining sufficient computing resources therefore entails high costs of deployment and maintenance . in this work , we implement a matrix library and deep learning framework that uses javascript . it can run on web browsers operating on ordinary personal ←
→ 3d vision guided robotic charging station for electric and plug - in hybrid vehicles ; electric vehicles ( evs ) and plug - in hybrid vehicles ( phevs ) are rapidly gaining popularity on our roads . besides a comparatively high purchasing price , the main two problems limiting their use are the short driving range and inconvenient charging process . in this paper we address the following by presenting an automatic robot - based charging station with 3d vision guidance for plugging and unplugging the charger . first of ←
→ on the relation between color image denoising and classification ; large amount of image denoising literature focuses on single channel images and often experimentally validates the proposed methods on tens of images at most . in this paper , we investigate the interaction between denoising and classification on large scale dataset . inspired by classification models , we propose a novel deep learning architecture for color ( multichannel ) image denoising and report on thousands of images from imagenet dataset a ←
→ evaluation of linear classifiers on articles containing pharmacokinetic evidence of drug - drug interactions ; background . drug - drug interaction ( ddi ) is a major cause of morbidity and mortality . [...] biomedical literature mining can aid ddi research by extracting relevant ddi signals from either the published literature or large clinical databases . however , though drug interaction is an ideal area for translational research , the inclusion of literature mining methodologies in ddi workflows is still very p ←
→ deep transform : cocktail party source separation via probabilistic re - synthesis ; in cocktail party listening scenarios , the human brain is able to separate competing speech signals . however , the signal processing implemented by the brain to perform cocktail party listening is not well understood . here , we trained two separate convolutive autoencoder deep neural networks ( dnn ) to separate monaural and binaural mixtures of two concurrent speech streams . we then used these dnns as convolutive deep transform ←
→ incorporating prior information in compressive online robust principal component analysis ; we consider an online version of the robust principle component analysis ( pca ), which arises naturally in time - varying source separations such as video foreground - background separation . this paper proposes a compressive online robust pca with prior information for recursively separating a sequences of frames into sparse and low - rank components from a small set of measurements . in contrast to conventional batch - base ←
→ competition of self - organized rotating spiral autowaves in a nonequilibrium dissipative system of three - level phaser ; we present results of cellular automata based investigations of rotating spiral autowaves in a nonequilibrium excitable medium which models three - level paramagnetic microwave phonon laser ( phaser ). the computational model is described in arxiv : cond - mat / 0410460v2 and arxiv : cond - mat / 0602345v1 . we have observed several new scenarios of self - organization , competition and dynamical stabilizat ←
→ rare disease physician targeting : a factor graph approach ; in rare disease physician targeting , a major challenge is how to identify physicians who are treating diagnosed or underdiagnosed rare diseases patients . rare diseases have extremely low incidence rate . for a specified rare disease , only a small number of patients are affected and a fractional of physicians are involved . the existing targeting methodologies , such as segmentation and profiling , are developed under mass market assumption . they are no ←
→ consensus - based modelling using distributed feature construction ; a particularly successful role for inductive logic programming ( ilp ) is as a tool for discovering useful relational features for subsequent use in a predictive model . conceptually , the case for using ilp to construct relational features rests on treating these features as functions , the automated discovery of which necessarily requires some form of first - order learning . practically , there are now several reports in the literature that sugges ←
→ dual path networks for multi - person human pose estimation ; the task of multi - person human pose estimation in natural scenes is quite challenging . existing methods include both top - down and bottom - up approaches . the main advantage of bottom - up methods is its excellent tradeoff between estimation accuracy and computational cost . we follow this path and aim to design smaller , faster , and more accurate neural networks for the regression of keypoints and limb association vectors . these two regression tasks are ←
→ estimating network edge probabilities by neighborhood smoothing ; the estimation of probabilities of network edges from the observed adjacency matrix has important applications to predicting missing links and network denoising . it has usually been addressed by estimating the graphon , a function that determines the matrix of edge probabilities , but this is ill - defined without strong assumptions on the network structure . here we propose a novel computationally efficient method , based on neighborhood smoothing ←
→ class - splitting generative adversarial networks ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) produce systematically better quality samples when class label information is provided ., i . e . in the conditional gan setup . this is still observed for the recently proposed wasserstein gan formulation which stabilized adversarial training and allows considering high capacity network architectures such as resnet . in this work we show how to boost conditional gan by augmenting available class labels . the new classes come ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for vision - based robotic grasping : a simulated comparative evaluation of off - policy methods ; in this paper , we explore deep reinforcement learning algorithms for vision - based robotic grasping . model - free deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) has been successfully applied to a range of challenging environments , but the proliferation of algorithms makes it difficult to discern which particular approach would be best suited for a rich , diverse task like grasping . to answer this questi ←
→ near - optimal sample compression for nearest neighbors ; we present the first sample compression algorithm for nearest neighbors with non - trivial performance guarantees . we complement these guarantees by demonstrating almost matching hardness lower bounds , which show that our bound is nearly optimal . our result yields new insight into margin - based nearest neighbor classification in metric spaces and allows us to significantly sharpen and simplify existing bounds . some encouraging empirical results are also p ←
→ emoticonsciousness ; a temporal analysis of emoticon use in swedish , italian , german and english asynchronous electronic communication is reported . emoticons are classified as positive , negative and neutral . postings to newsgroups over a 66 week period are considered . the aggregate analysis of emoticon use in newsgroups for science and politics tend on the whole to be consistent over the entire time period . where possible , events that coincide with divergences from trends in language - subject pairs are noted ←
→ stochastic gradient descent for relational logistic regression via partial network crawls ; research in statistical relational learning has produced a number of methods for learning relational models from large - scale network data . while these methods have been successfully applied in various domains , they have been developed under the unrealistic assumption of full data access . in practice , however , the data are often collected by crawling the network , due to proprietary access , limited resources , and pri ←
→ collaborative creation of digital content in indian languages ; the world is passing through a major revolution called the information revolution , in which information and knowledge is becoming available to people in unprecedented amounts wherever and whenever they need it . those societies which fail to take advantage of the new technology will be left behind , just like in the industrial revolution . the information revolution is based on two major technologies : computers and communication . these technolog ←
→ fast learning from sparse data ; we describe two techniques that significantly improve the running time of several standard machine - learning algorithms when data is sparse . the first technique is an algorithm that effeciently extracts one - way and two - way counts -- either real or expected -- from discrete data . extracting such counts is a fundamental step in learning algorithms for constructing a variety of models including decision trees , decision graphs , bayesian networks , and naive - bayes clustering models . t ←
→ an efficient fpga implementation of mri image filtering and tumor characterization using xilinx system generator ; this paper presents an efficient architecture for various image filtering algorithms and tumor characterization using xilinx system generator ( xsg ). this architecture offers an alternative through a graphical user interface that combines matlab , simulink and xsg and explores important aspects concerned to hardware implementation . performance of this architecture implemented in spartan - 3e star ←
→ a function approximation approach to estimation of policy gradient for pomdp with structured policies ; we consider the estimation of the policy gradient in partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdp ) with a special class of structured policies that are finite - state controllers . we show that the gradient estimation can be done in the actor - critic framework , by making the critic compute a " value " function that does not depend on the states of pomdp . this function is the conditional mean of the t ←
→ the kernelized stochastic batch perceptron ; we present a novel approach for training kernel support vector machines , establish learning runtime guarantees for our method that are better then those of any other known kernelized svm optimization approach , and show that our method works well in practice compared to existing alternatives .←
→ continuous multilinguality with language vectors ; most existing models for multilingual natural language processing ( nlp ) treat language as a discrete category , and make predictions for either one language or the other . in contrast , we propose using continuous vector representations of language . we show that these can be learned efficiently with a character - based neural language model , and used to improve inference about language varieties not seen during training . in experiments with 1303 bible translatio ←
→ a k - fold method for baseline estimation in policy gradient algorithms ; the high variance issue in unbiased policy - gradient methods such as vpg and reinforce is typically mitigated by adding a baseline . however , the baseline fitting itself suffers from the underfitting or the overfitting problem . in this paper , we develop a k - fold method for baseline estimation in policy gradient algorithms . the parameter k is the baseline estimation hyperparameter that can adjust the bias - variance trade - off in the baseline ←
→ hybrid model for solving multi - objective problems using evolutionary algorithm and tabu search ; this paper presents a new multi - objective hybrid model that makes cooperation between the strength of research of neighborhood methods presented by the tabu search ( ts ) and the important exploration capacity of evolutionary algorithm . this model was implemented and tested in benchmark functions ( zdt1 , zdt2 , and zdt3 ), using a network of computers .←
→ comparing apples and oranges : off - road pedestrian detection on the nrec agricultural person - detection dataset ; person detection from vehicles has made rapid progress recently with the advent of multiple highquality datasets of urban and highway driving , yet no large - scale benchmark is available for the same problem in off - road or agricultural environments . here we present the nrec agricultural person - detection dataset to spur research in these environments . it consists of labeled stereo video of people i ←
→ sep - nets : small and effective pattern networks ; while going deeper has been witnessed to improve the performance of convolutional neural networks ( cnn ), going smaller for cnn has received increasing attention recently due to its attractiveness for mobile / embedded applications . it remains an active and important topic how to design a small network while retaining the performance of large and deep cnns ( e . g ., inception nets , resnets ). albeit there are already intensive studies on compressing the size of cnns ←
→ better exploiting os - cnns for better event recognition in images ; event recognition from still images is one of the most important problems for image understanding . however , compared with object recognition and scene recognition , event recognition has received much less research attention in computer vision community . this paper addresses the problem of cultural event recognition in still images and focuses on applying deep learning methods on this problem . in particular , we utilize the successful architec ←
→ anytime induction of low - cost , low - error classifiers : a sampling - based approach ; machine learning techniques are gaining prevalence in the production of a wide range of classifiers for complex real - world applications with nonuniform testing and misclassification costs . the increasing complexity of these applications poses a real challenge to resource management during learning and classification . in this work we introduce act ( anytime cost - sensitive tree learner ), a novel framework for operating in such ←
→ the paralleleye dataset : constructing large - scale artificial scenes for traffic vision research ; video image datasets are playing an essential role in design and evaluation of traffic vision algorithms . nevertheless , a longstanding inconvenience concerning image datasets is that manually collecting and annotating large - scale diversified datasets from real scenes is time - consuming and prone to error . for that virtual datasets have begun to function as a proxy of real datasets . in this paper , we propose to ←
→ integrating boundary and center correlation filters for visual tracking with aspect ratio variation ; the aspect ratio variation frequently appears in visual tracking and has a severe influence on performance . although many correlation filter ( cf )- based trackers have also been suggested for scale adaptive tracking , few studies have been given to handle the aspect ratio variation for cf trackers . in this paper , we make the first attempt to address this issue by introducing a family of 1d boundary cfs to lo ←
→ about norms and causes ; knowing the norms of a domain is crucial , but there exist no repository of norms . we propose a method to extract them from texts : texts generally do not describe a norm , but rather how a state - of - affairs differs from it . answers concerning the cause of the state - of - affairs described often reveal the implicit norm . we apply this idea to the domain of driving , and validate it by designing algorithms that identify , in a text , the " basic " norms to which it refers implicitly .←
→ on robustness in multilayer interdependent network ; critical infrastructures like power and communication networks are highly interdependent on each other for their full functionality . many significant research have been pursued to model the interdependency and failure analysis of these interdependent networks . however , most of these models fail to capture the complex interdependencies that might actually exist between the infrastructures . the \ emph { implicative interdependency model } that utilizes boolean ←
→ polynomial time algorithms for bi - criteria , multi - objective and ratio problems in clustering and imaging . part i : normalized cut and ratio regions ; partitioning and grouping of similar objects plays a fundamental role in image segmentation and in clustering problems . in such problems a typical goal is to group together similar objects , or pixels in the case of image processing . at the same time another goal is to have each group distinctly dissimilar from the rest and possibly to have the group size fair ←
→ learning sparse representations in reinforcement learning with sparse coding ; a variety of representation learning approaches have been investigated for reinforcement learning ; much less attention , however , has been given to investigating the utility of sparse coding . outside of reinforcement learning , sparse coding representations have been widely used , with non - convex objectives that result in discriminative representations . in this work , we develop a supervised sparse coding objective for policy evalu ←
→ computation of diet composition for patients suffering from kidney and urinary tract diseases with the fuzzy genetic system ; determination of dietary food consumed a day for patients with diseases in general , greatly affect the health of the body and the healing process , is no exception for people with kidney disease and urinary tract . this paper presents the determination of diet composition in the form of food subtance for people with kidney and urinary tract diseases with a genetic fuzzy approach . thi ←
→ bayes - optimal effort allocation in crowdsourcing : bounds and index policies ; we consider effort allocation in crowdsourcing , where we wish to assign labeling tasks to imperfect homogeneous crowd workers to maximize overall accuracy in a continuous - time bayesian setting , subject to budget and time constraints . the bayes - optimal policy for this problem is the solution to a partially observable markov decision process , but the curse of dimensionality renders the computation infeasible . based on the lagrangi ←
→ moments in time dataset : one million videos for event understanding ; we present the moments in time dataset , a large - scale human - annotated collection of one million short videos corresponding to dynamic events unfolding within three seconds . modeling the spatial - audio - temporal dynamics even for actions occurring in 3 second videos poses many challenges : meaningful events do not include only people , but also objects , animals , and natural phenomena ; visual and auditory events can be symmetrical or not in tim ←
→ cds rate construction methods by machine learning techniques ; regulators require financial institutions to estimate counterparty default risks from liquid cds quotes for the valuation and risk management of otc derivatives . however , the vast majority of counterparties do not have liquid cds quotes and need proxy cds rates . existing methods cannot account for counterparty - specific default risks ; we propose to construct proxy cds rates by associating to illiquid counterparty liquid cds proxy based on machine ←
→ efficient multiple incremental computation for kernel ridge regression with bayesian uncertainty modeling ; this study presents an efficient incremental / decremental approach for big streams based on kernel ridge regression ( krr ), a frequently used data analysis in cloud centers . to avoid reanalyzing the whole dataset whenever sensors receive new training data , typical incremental krr used a single - instance mechanism for updating an existing system . however , this inevitably increased redundant computationa ←
→ a computational model of spatial memory anticipation during visual search ; some visual search tasks require to memorize the location of stimuli that have been previously scanned . considerations about the eye movements raise the question of how we are able to maintain a coherent memory , despite the frequent drastically changes in the perception . in this article , we present a computational model that is able to anticipate the consequences of the eye movements on the visual perception in order to update a s ←
→ kronecker determinantal point processes ; determinantal point processes ( dpps ) are probabilistic models over all subsets a ground set of $ n $ items . they have recently gained prominence in several applications that rely on " diverse " subsets . however , their applicability to large problems is still limited due to the $\ mathcal o ( n ^ 3 )$ complexity of core tasks such as sampling and learning . we enable efficient sampling and learning for dpps by introducing krondpp , a dpp model whose kernel matrix decomposes as a ←
→ vdnn : virtualized deep neural networks for scalable , memory - efficient neural network design ; the most widely used machine learning frameworks require users to carefully tune their memory usage so that the deep neural network ( dnn ) fits into the dram capacity of a gpu . this restriction hampers a researcher ' s flexibility to study different machine learning algorithms , forcing them to either use a less desirable network architecture or parallelize the processing across multiple gpus . we propose a runtime me ←
→ object discovery by generative adversarial & ranking networks ; the deep generative adversarial networks ( gan ) recently have been shown to be promising for different computer vision applications , like image editing , synthesizing high resolution images , generating videos , etc . these networks and the corresponding learning scheme can handle various visual space mappings . we approach gans with a novel training method and learning objective , to discover multiple object instances for three cases : 1 ) synthesizing ←
→ fast approximation of rotations and hessians matrices ; a new method to represent and approximate rotation matrices is introduced . the method represents approximations of a rotation matrix $ q $ with linearithmic complexity , i . e . with $\ frac { 1 }{ 2 } n \ lg ( n )$ rotations over pairs of coordinates , arranged in an fft - like fashion . the approximation is " learned " using gradient descent . it allows to represent symmetric matrices $ h $ as $ qdq ^ t $ where $ d $ is a diagonal matrix . it can be used to approximate covariance mat ←
→ learning what matters - sampling interesting patterns ; in the field of exploratory data mining , local structure in data can be described by patterns and discovered by mining algorithms . although many solutions have been proposed to address the redundancy problems in pattern mining , most of them either provide succinct pattern sets or take the interests of the user into account - but not both . consequently , the analyst has to invest substantial effort in identifying those patterns that are relevant to her spe ←
→ extended lambek calculi and first - order linear logic ; first - order multiplicative intuitionistic linear logic ( mill1 ) can be seen as an extension of the lambek calculus . in addition to the fragment of mill1 which corresponds to the lambek calculus ( of moot & piazza 2001 ), i will show fragments of mill1 which generate the multiple context - free languages and which correspond to the displacement calculus of morrilll e . a .←
→ robust face recognition using local illumination normalization and discriminant feature point selection ; face recognition systems must be robust to the variation of various factors such as facial expression , illumination , head pose and aging . especially , the robustness against illumination variation is one of the most important problems to be solved for the practical use of face recognition systems . gabor wavelet is widely used in face detection and recognition because it gives the possibility to simulat ←
→ learning discriminative metrics via generative models and kernel learning ; metrics specifying distances between data points can be learned in a discriminative manner or from generative models . in this paper , we show how to unify generative and discriminative learning of metrics via a kernel learning framework . specifically , we learn local metrics optimized from parametric generative models . these are then used as base kernels to construct a global kernel that minimizes a discriminative training criterion ←
→ bayesian coreset construction via greedy iterative geodesic ascent ; coherent uncertainty quantification is a key strength of bayesian methods . but modern algorithms for approximate bayesian posterior inference often sacrifice accurate posterior uncertainty estimation in the pursuit of scalability . this work shows that previous bayesian coreset construction algorithms --- which build a small , weighted subset of the data that approximates the full dataset --- are no exception . we demonstrate that these algorithm ←
→ texture based image segmentation of chili pepper x - ray images using gabor filter ; texture segmentation is the process of partitioning an image into regions with different textures containing a similar group of pixels . detecting the discontinuity of the filter ' s output and their statistical properties help in segmenting and classifying a given image with different texture regions . in this proposed paper , chili x - ray image texture segmentation is performed by using gabor filter . the texture segmented resul ←
→ on the ambiguity of registration uncertainty ; estimating the uncertainty in image registration is an area of current research that is aimed at providing information that will enable surgeons to assess the operative risk based on registered image data and the estimated registration uncertainty . if they receive inaccurately calculated registration uncertainty and misplace confidence in the alignment solutions , severe consequences may result . for probabilistic image registration ( pir ), most research quantifie ←
→ xception : deep learning with depthwise separable convolutions ; we present an interpretation of inception modules in convolutional neural networks as being an intermediate step in - between regular convolution and the depthwise separable convolution operation ( a depthwise convolution followed by a pointwise convolution ). in this light , a depthwise separable convolution can be understood as an inception module with a maximally large number of towers . this observation leads us to propose a novel deep convolutio ←
→ modelling mixed discrete - continuous domains for planning ; in this paper we present pddl +, a planning domain description language for modelling mixed discrete - continuous planning domains . we describe the syntax and modelling style of pddl +, showing that the language makes convenient the modelling of complex time - dependent effects . we provide a formal semantics for pddl + by mapping planning instances into constructs of hybrid automata . using the syntax of has as our semantic model we construct a semantic map ←
→ learning by tracking : siamese cnn for robust target association ; this paper introduces a novel approach to the task of data association within the context of pedestrian tracking , by introducing a two - stage learning scheme to match pairs of detections . first , a siamese convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is trained to learn descriptors encoding local spatio - temporal structures between the two input image patches , aggregating pixel values and optical flow information . second , a set of contextual features deri ←
→ residual and plain convolutional neural networks for 3d brain mri classification ; in the recent years there have been a number of studies that applied deep learning algorithms to neuroimaging data . pipelines used in those studies mostly require multiple processing steps for feature extraction , although modern advancements in deep learning for image classification can provide a powerful framework for automatic feature generation and more straightforward analysis . in this paper , we show how similar perform ←
→ multi - label learning via structured decomposition and group sparsity ; in multi - label learning , each sample is associated with several labels . existing works indicate that exploring correlations between labels improve the prediction performance . however , embedding the label correlations into the training process significantly increases the problem size . moreover , the mapping of the label structure in the feature space is not clear . in this paper , we propose a novel multi - label learning method " structured de ←
→ how deep learning works -- the geometry of deep learning ; why and how that deep learning works well on different tasks remains a mystery from a theoretical perspective . in this paper we draw a geometric picture of the deep learning system by finding its analogies with two existing geometric structures , the geometry of quantum computations and the geometry of the diffeomorphic template matching . in this framework , we give the geometric structures of different deep learning systems including convolutional neu ←
→ mahalanobis distance metric learning algorithm for instance - based data stream classification ; with the massive data challenges nowadays and the rapid growing of technology , stream mining has recently received considerable attention . to address the large number of scenarios in which this phenomenon manifests itself suitable tools are required in various research fields . instance - based data stream algorithms generally employ the euclidean distance for the classification task underlying this problem . a nove ←
→ perception games , the image understanding and interpretational geometry ; the interactive game theoretical approach to the description of perception processes is proposed . the subject is treated formally in terms of a new class of the verbalizable interactive games which are called the perception games . an application of the previously elaborated formalism of dialogues and verbalizable interactive games to the visual perception allows to combine the linguistic ( such as formal grammars ), psycholinguistic and ←
→ recognizing explicit and implicit hate speech using a weakly supervised two - path bootstrapping approach ; in the wake of a polarizing election , social media is laden with hateful content . to address various limitations of supervised hate speech classification methods including corpus bias and huge cost of annotation , we propose a weakly supervised two - path bootstrapping approach for an online hate speech detection model leveraging large - scale unlabeled data . this system significantly outperforms hate spee ←
→ bayesian learning of loglinear models for neural connectivity ; this paper presents a bayesian approach to learning the connectivity structure of a group of neurons from data on configuration frequencies . a major objective of the research is to provide statistical tools for detecting changes in firing patterns with changing stimuli . our framework is not restricted to the well - understood case of pair interactions , but generalizes the boltzmann machine model to allow for higher order interactions . the paper a ←
→ to normalize , or not to normalize : the impact of normalization on part - of - speech tagging ; does normalization help part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging accuracy on noisy , non - canonical data ? to the best of our knowledge , little is known on the actual impact of normalization in a real - world scenario , where gold error detection is not available . we investigate the effect of automatic normalization on pos tagging of tweets . we also compare normalization to strategies that leverage large amounts of unlabeled data kep ←
→ cardiac arrhythmia detection from ecg combining convolutional and long short - term memory networks ; objectives : atrial fibrillation ( af ) is a common heart rhythm disorder associated with deadly and debilitating consequences including heart failure , stroke , poor mental health , reduced quality of life and death . having an automatic system that diagnoses various types of cardiac arrhythmias would assist cardiologists to initiate appropriate preventive measures and to improve the analysis of cardiac disease . ←
→ a survey on recent advances of computer vision algorithms for egocentric video ; recent technological advances have made lightweight , head mounted cameras both practical and affordable and products like google glass show first approaches to introduce the idea of egocentric ( first - person ) video to the mainstream . interestingly , the computer vision community has only recently started to explore this new domain of egocentric vision , where research can roughly be categorized into three areas : object recogniti ←
→ reflections on sentiment / opinion analysis ; in this paper , we described possible directions for deeper understanding , helping bridge the gap between psychology / cognitive science and computational approaches in sentiment / opinion analysis literature . we focus on the opinion holder ' s underlying needs and their resultant goals , which , in a utilitarian model of sentiment , provides the basis for explaining the reason a sentiment valence is held . while these thoughts are still immature , scattered , unstructured , ←
→ deep detection of people and their mobility aids for a hospital robot ; robots operating in populated environments encounter many different types of people , some of whom might have an advanced need for cautious interaction , because of physical impairments or their advanced age . robots therefore need to recognize such advanced demands to provide appropriate assistance , guidance or other forms of support . in this paper , we propose a depth - based perception pipeline that estimates the position and velocity of p ←
→ mild : multi - index hashing for loop closure detection ; loop closure detection ( lcd ) has been proved to be extremely useful in global consistent visual simultaneously localization and mapping ( slam ) and appearance - based robot relocalization . methods exploiting binary features in bag of words representation have recently gained a lot of popularity for their efficiency , but suffer from low recall due to the inherent drawback that high dimensional binary feature descriptors lack well - defined centroids . in this ←
→ towards adaptive training of agent - based sparring partners for fighter pilots ; a key requirement for the current generation of artificial decision - makers is that they should adapt well to changes in unexpected situations . this paper addresses the situation in which an ai for aerial dog fighting , with tunable parameters that govern its behavior , must optimize behavior with respect to an objective function that is evaluated and learned through simulations . bayesian optimization with a gaussian process surr ←
→ composite binary losses ; we study losses for binary classification and class probability estimation and extend the understanding of them from margin losses to general composite losses which are the composition of a proper loss with a link function . we characterise when margin losses can be proper composite losses , explicitly show how to determine a symmetric loss in full from half of one of its partial losses , introduce an intrinsic parametrisation of composite binary losses and give a complete characteris ←
→ multi - pose face recognition using hybrid face features descriptor ; this paper presents a multi - pose face recognition approach using hybrid face features descriptors ( hffd ). the hffd is a face descriptor containing of rich discriminant information that is created by fusing some frequency - based features extracted using both wavelet and dct analysis of several different poses of 2d face images . the main aim of this method is to represent the multi - pose face images using a dominant frequency component with sti ←
→ on the origin of long - range correlations in texts ; the complexity of human interactions with social and natural phenomena is mirrored in the way we describe our experiences through natural language . in order to retain and convey such a high dimensional information , the statistical properties of our linguistic output has to be highly correlated in time . an example are the robust observations , still largely not understood , of correlations on arbitrary long scales in literary texts . in this paper we explain h ←
→ a distance - based decision in the credal level ; belief function theory provides a flexible way to combine information provided by different sources . this combination is usually followed by a decision making which can be handled by a range of decision rules . some rules help to choose the most likely hypothesis . others allow that a decision is made on a set of hypotheses . in [ 6 ], we proposed a decision rule based on a distance measure . first , in this paper , we aim to demonstrate that our proposed decision rul ←
→ fishing for clickbaits in social images and texts with linguistically - infused neural network models ; this paper presents the results and conclusions of our participation in the clickbait challenge 2017 on automatic clickbait detection in social media . we first describe linguistically - infused neural network models and identify informative representations to predict the level of clickbaiting present in twitter posts . our models allow to answer the question not only whether a post is a clickbait or not , but ←
→ anatomy - specific classification of medical images using deep convolutional nets ; automated classification of human anatomy is an important prerequisite for many computer - aided diagnosis systems . the spatial complexity and variability of anatomy throughout the human body makes classification difficult . " deep learning " methods such as convolutional networks ( convnets ) outperform other state - of - the - art methods in image classification tasks . in this work , we present a method for organ - or body - part - specific ←
→ optimal fuzzy model construction with statistical information using genetic algorithm ; fuzzy rule based models have a capability to approximate any continuous function to any degree of accuracy on a compact domain . the majority of flc design process relies on heuristic knowledge of experience operators . in order to make the design process automatic we present a genetic approach to learn fuzzy rules as well as membership function parameters . moreover , several statistical information criteria such as the a ←
→ sentiment analysis for modern standard arabic and colloquial ; the rise of social media such as blogs and social networks has fueled interest in sentiment analysis . with the proliferation of reviews , ratings , recommendations and other forms of online expression , online opinion has turned into a kind of virtual currency for businesses looking to market their products , identify new opportunities and manage their reputations , therefore many are now looking to the field of sentiment analysis . in this paper , we ←
→ investigating the influence of noise and distractors on the interpretation of neural networks ; understanding neural networks is becoming increasingly important . over the last few years different types of visualisation and explanation methods have been proposed . however , none of them explicitly considered the behaviour in the presence of noise and distracting elements . in this work , we will show how noise and distracting dimensions can influence the result of an explanation model . this gives a new theoret ←
→ a discussion on parallelization schemes for stochastic vector quantization algorithms ; this paper studies parallelization schemes for stochastic vector quantization algorithms in order to obtain time speed - ups using distributed resources . we show that the most intuitive parallelization scheme does not lead to better performances than the sequential algorithm . another distributed scheme is therefore introduced which obtains the expected speed - ups . then , it is improved to fit implementation on distributed ←
→ a readable read : automatic assessment of language learning materials based on linguistic complexity ; corpora and web texts can become a rich language learning resource if we have a means of assessing whether they are linguistically appropriate for learners at a given proficiency level . in this paper , we aim at addressing this issue by presenting the first approach for predicting linguistic complexity for swedish second language learning material on a 5 - point scale . after showing that the traditional swed ←
→ unsupervised vehicle recognition using incremental reseeding of acoustic signatures ; vehicle recognition and classification have broad applications , ranging from traffic flow management to military target identification . we demonstrate an unsupervised method for automated identification of moving vehicles from roadside audio sensors . using a short - time fourier transform to decompose audio signals , we treat the frequency signature in each time window as an individual data point . we then use a spectral emb ←
→ reptile : a scalable metalearning algorithm ; this paper considers metalearning problems , where there is a distribution of tasks , and we would like to obtain an agent that performs well ( i . e ., learns quickly ) when presented with a previously unseen task sampled from this distribution . we present a remarkably simple metalearning algorithm called reptile , which learns a parameter initialization that can be fine - tuned quickly on a new task . reptile works by repeatedly sampling a task , training on it , and moving ←
→ sufficiency , separability and temporal probabilistic models ; suppose we are given the conditional probability of one variable given some other variables . normally the full joint distribution over the conditioning variablesis required to determine the probability of the conditioned variable . under what circumstances are the marginal distributions over the conditioning variables sufficient to determine the probability ofthe conditioned variable ? sufficiency in this sense is equivalent to additive separability o ←
→ spiking optical flow for event - based sensors using ibm ' s truenorth neurosynaptic system ; this paper describes a fully spike - based neural network for optical flow estimation from dynamic vision sensor data . a low power embedded implementation of the method which combines the asynchronous time - based image sensor with ibm ' s truenorth neurosynaptic system is presented . the sensor generates spikes with sub - millisecond resolution in response to scene illumination changes . these spike are processed by a spiking ←
→ emotionet challenge : recognition of facial expressions of emotion in the wild ; this paper details the methodology and results of the emotionet challenge . this challenge is the first to test the ability of computer vision algorithms in the automatic analysis of a large number of images of facial expressions of emotion in the wild . the challenge was divided into two tracks . the first track tested the ability of current computer vision algorithms in the automatic detection of action units ( aus ). specificall ←
→ dynamic attention - controlled cascaded shape regression exploiting training data augmentation and fuzzy - set sample weighting ; we present a new cascaded shape regression ( csr ) architecture , namely dynamic attention - controlled csr ( dac - csr ), for robust facial landmark detection on unconstrained faces . our dac - csr divides facial landmark detection into three cascaded sub - tasks : face bounding box refinement , general csr and attention - controlled csr . the first two stages refine initial face bounding boxes and ←
→ inception score , label smoothing , gradient vanishing and - log ( d ( x )) alternative ; in this article , we mathematically study several gan related topics , including inception score , label smoothing , gradient vanishing and the - log ( d ( x )) alternative . --- an advanced version is included in arxiv : 1703 . 02000 " activation maximization generative adversarial nets ". please refer section 6 in 1703 . 02000 for detailed analysis on inception score , and refer its appendix for the discussions on label smoothing , gradient ←
→ bayesian nonparametrics in topic modeling : a brief tutorial ; using nonparametric methods has been increasingly explored in bayesian hierarchical modeling as a way to increase model flexibility . although the field shows a lot of promise , inference in many models , including hierachical dirichlet processes ( hdp ), remain prohibitively slow . one promising path forward is to exploit the submodularity inherent in indian buffet process ( ibp ) to derive near - optimal solutions in polynomial time . in this work , i will ←
→ be your own prada : fashion synthesis with structural coherence ; we present a novel and effective approach for generating new clothing on a wearer through generative adversarial learning . given an input image of a person and a sentence describing a different outfit , our model " redresses " the person as desired , while at the same time keeping the wearer and her / his pose unchanged . generating new outfits with precise regions conforming to a language description while retaining wearer ' s body structure is a new ←
→ the impossibility of " fairness ": a generalized impossibility result for decisions ; various measures can be used to estimate bias or unfairness in a predictor . previous work has already established that some of these measures are incompatible with each other . here we show that , when groups differ in prevalence of the predicted event , several intuitive , reasonable measures of fairness ( probability of positive prediction given occurrence or non - occurrence ; probability of occurrence given prediction or non - p ←
→ data - driven sparse system identification ; in this paper , we study the system identification porblem for sparse linear time - invariant systems . we propose a sparsity promoting lasso - type estimator to identify the dynamics of the system with only a limited number of input - state data samples . using contemporary results on high - dimensional statistics , we prove that $\ omega ( k_ {\ max }\ log ( m + n ))$ data samples are enough to reliably estimate the system dynamics , where $ n $ and $ m $ are the number of states and inputs ,←
→ fusions of description logics and abstract description systems ; fusions are a simple way of combining logics . for normal modal logics , fusions have been investigated in detail . in particular , it is known that , under certain conditions , decidability transfers from the component logics to their fusion . though description logics are closely related to modal logics , they are not necessarily normal . in addition , abox reasoning in description logics is not covered by the results from modal logics . in this paper ,←
→ doubly robust policy evaluation and optimization ; we study sequential decision making in environments where rewards are only partially observed , but can be modeled as a function of observed contexts and the chosen action by the decision maker . this setting , known as contextual bandits , encompasses a wide variety of applications such as health care , content recommendation and internet advertising . a central task is evaluation of a new policy given historic data consisting of contexts , actions and received r ←
→ random subspace with trees for feature selection under memory constraints ; dealing with datasets of very high dimension is a major challenge in machine learning . in this paper , we consider the problem of feature selection in applications where the memory is not large enough to contain all features . in this setting , we propose a novel tree - based feature selection approach that builds a sequence of randomized trees on small subsamples of variables mixing both variables already identified as relevant by pre ←
→ dynamic model updating using particle swarm optimization method ; this paper proposes the use of particle swarm optimization method ( pso ) for finite element ( fe ) model updating . the pso method is compared to the existing methods that use simulated annealing ( sa ) or genetic algorithms ( ga ) for fe model for model updating . the proposed method is tested on an unsymmetrical h - shaped structure . it is observed that the proposed method gives updated natural frequencies the most accurate and followed by those given ←
→ a concave optimization algorithm for matching partially overlapping point sets ; point matching refers to the process of finding spatial transformation and correspondences between two sets of points . in this paper , we focus on the case that there is only partial overlap between two point sets . following the approach of the robust point matching method , we model point matching as a mixed linear assignment - least square problem and show that after eliminating the transformation variable , the resulting proble ←
→ how to discount deep reinforcement learning : towards new dynamic strategies ; using deep neural nets as function approximator for reinforcement learning tasks have recently been shown to be very powerful for solving problems approaching real - world complexity . using these results as a benchmark , we discuss the role that the discount factor may play in the quality of the learning process of a deep q - network ( dqn ). when the discount factor progressively increases up to its final value , we empirically show th ←
→ streaming algorithms for pattern discovery over dynamically changing event sequences ; discovering frequent episodes over event sequences is an important data mining task . in many applications , events constituting the data sequence arrive as a stream , at furious rates , and recent trends ( or frequent episodes ) can change and drift due to the dynamical nature of the underlying event generation process . the ability to detect and track such the changing sets of frequent episodes can be valuable in many applic ←
→ a quantitative analysis of tilt in the café wall illusion : a bioplausible model for foveal and peripheral vision ; the biological characteristics of human visual processing can be investigated through the study of optical illusions and their perception , giving rise to intuitions that may improve computer vision to match human performance . geometric illusions are a specific subfamily in which orientations and angles are misperceived . this paper reports quantifiable predictions of the degree of tilt for a t ←
→ probabilistic models for unified collaborative and content - based recommendation in sparse - data environments ; recommender systems leverage product and community information to target products to consumers . researchers have developed collaborative recommenders , content - based recommenders , and ( largely ad - hoc ) hybrid systems . we propose a unified probabilistic framework for merging collaborative and content - based recommendations . we extend hofmann ' s [ 1999 ] aspect model to incorporate three - way co - occurrence ←
→ amos : an automated model order selection algorithm for spectral graph clustering ; one of the longstanding problems in spectral graph clustering ( sgc ) is the so - called model order selection problem : automated selection of the correct number of clusters . this is equivalent to the problem of finding the number of connected components or communities in an undirected graph . in this paper , we propose amos , an automated model order selection algorithm for sgc . based on a recent analysis of clustering reliabilit ←
→ towards an understanding of entity - oriented search intents ; entity - oriented search deals with a wide variety of information needs , from displaying direct answers to interacting with services . in this work , we aim to understand what are prominent entity - oriented search intents and how they can be fulfilled . we develop a scheme of entity intent categories , and use them to annotate a sample of queries . specifically , we annotate unique query refiners on the level of entity types . we observe that , on average , o ←
→ spectralleader : online spectral learning for single topic models ; we study the problem of learning a latent variable model from a stream of data . latent variable models are popular in practice because they can explain observed data in terms of unobserved concepts . these models have been traditionally studied in the offline setting . the online em is arguably the most popular algorithm for learning latent variable models online . although it is computationally efficient , it typically converges to a local opti ←
→ structural analysis of hindi phonetics and a method for extraction of phonetically rich sentences from a very large hindi text corpus ; automatic speech recognition ( asr ) and text to speech ( tts ) are two prominent area of research in human computer interaction nowadays . a set of phonetically rich sentences is in a matter of importance in order to develop these two interactive modules of hci . essentially , the set of phonetically rich sentences has to cover all possible phone units distributed uniformly . se ←
→ on central tendency and dispersion measures for intervals and hypercubes ; the uncertainty or the variability of the data may be treated by considering , rather than a single value for each data , the interval of values in which it may fall . this paper studies the derivation of basic description statistics for interval - valued datasets . we propose a geometrical approach in the determination of summary statistics ( central tendency and dispersion measures ) for interval - valued variables .←
→ robust learning for optimal treatment decision with np - dimensionality ; in order to identify important variables that are involved in making optimal treatment decision , lu et al . ( 2013 ) proposed a penalized least squared regression framework for a fixed number of predictors , which is robust against the misspecification of the conditional mean model . two problems arise : ( i ) in a world of explosively big data , effective methods are needed to handle ultra - high dimensional data set , for example , with the dimens ←
→ abstractly interpreting argumentation frameworks for sharpening extensions ; cycles of attacking arguments pose non - trivial issues in dung style argumentation theory , apparent behavioural difference between odd and even length cycles being a notable one . while a few methods were proposed for treating them , to - in particular - enable selection of acceptable arguments in an odd - length cycle when dung semantics could select none , so far the issues have been observed from a purely argument - graph - theoretic pe ←
→ modeling user exposure in recommendation ; collaborative filtering analyzes user preferences for items ( e . g ., books , movies , restaurants , academic papers ) by exploiting the similarity patterns across users . in implicit feedback settings , all the items , including the ones that a user did not consume , are taken into consideration . but this assumption does not accord with the common sense understanding that users have a limited scope and awareness of items . for example , a user might not have heard of a certain ←
→ making tree ensembles interpretable : a bayesian model selection approach ; tree ensembles , such as random forests and boosted trees , are renowned for their high prediction performance . however , their interpretability is critically limited due to the enormous complexity . in this study , we present a method to make a complex tree ensemble interpretable by simplifying the model . specifically , we formalize the simplification of tree ensembles as a model selection problem . given a complex tree ensemble , we aim at ←
→ inference of cancer progression models with biological noise ; many applications in translational medicine require the understanding of how diseases progress through the accumulation of persistent events . specialized bayesian networks called monotonic progression networks offer a statistical framework for modeling this sort of phenomenon . current machine learning tools to reconstruct bayesian networks from data are powerful but not suited to progression models . we combine the technological advances in machi ←
→ learning analogies and semantic relations ; we present an algorithm for learning from unlabeled text , based on the vector space model ( vsm ) of information retrieval , that can solve verbal analogy questions of the kind found in the scholastic aptitude test ( sat ). a verbal analogy has the form a : b :: c : d , meaning " a is to b as c is to d "; for example , mason : stone :: carpenter : wood . sat analogy questions provide a word pair , a : b , and the problem is to select the most analogous word pair , c : d , from a set of five ch ←
→ validation rules for assessing and improving skos mapping quality ; the simple knowledge organization system ( skos ) is popular for expressing controlled vocabularies , such as taxonomies , classifications , etc ., for their use in semantic web applications . using skos , concepts can be linked to other concepts and organized into hierarchies inside a single terminology system . meanwhile , expressing mappings between concepts in different terminology systems is also possible . this paper discusses potential quality ←
→ study of the influence of the number normalization scheme used in two chaotic pseudo random number generators used as the source of randomness in differential evolution ; in many publications , authors showed that chaotic pseudo random number generators ( prngs ) may improve performance of the evolutionary algorithms . in this paper , we use two chaotic maps gingerbread man and tinkerbell as the chaotic prngs instead of the classical prng in the differential evolution . numbers generated by this maps are norm ←
→ adaptive load balancing : a study in multi - agent learning ; we study the process of multi - agent reinforcement learning in the context of load balancing in a distributed system , without use of either central coordination or explicit communication . we first define a precise framework in which to study adaptive load balancing , important features of which are its stochastic nature and the purely local information available to individual agents . given this framework , we show illuminating results on the interplay ←
→ real - time end - to - end action detection with two - stream networks ; two - stream networks have been very successful for solving the problem of action detection . however , prior work using two - stream networks train both streams separately , which prevents the network from exploiting regularities between the two streams . moreover , unlike the visual stream , the dominant forms of optical flow computation typically do not maximally exploit gpu parallelism . we present a real - time end - to - end trainable two - stream network ←
→ fusion of stereo and still monocular depth estimates in a self - supervised learning context ; we study how autonomous robots can learn by themselves to improve their depth estimation capability . in particular , we investigate a self - supervised learning setup in which stereo vision depth estimates serve as targets for a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) that transforms a single still image to a dense depth map . after training , the stereo and mono estimates are fused with a novel fusion method that preserves ←
→ sequential click prediction for sponsored search with recurrent neural networks ; click prediction is one of the fundamental problems in sponsored search . most of existing studies took advantage of machine learning approaches to predict ad click for each event of ad view independently . however , as observed in the real - world sponsored search system , user ' s behaviors on ads yield high dependency on how the user behaved along with the past time , especially in terms of what queries she submitted , what ads she ←
→ parameterized complexity results for a model of theory of mind based on dynamic epistemic logic ; in this paper we introduce a computational - level model of theory of mind ( tom ) based on dynamic epistemic logic ( del ), and we analyze its computational complexity . the model is a special case of del model checking . we provide a parameterized complexity analysis , considering several aspects of del ( e . g ., number of agents , size of preconditions , etc .) as parameters . we show that model checking for del is pspace ←
→ on regularization parameter estimation under covariate shift ; this paper identifies a problem with the usual procedure for l2 - regularization parameter estimation in a domain adaptation setting . in such a setting , there are differences between the distributions generating the training data ( source domain ) and the test data ( target domain ). the usual cross - validation procedure requires validation data , which can not be obtained from the unlabeled target data . the problem is that if one decides to use source ←
→ hierarchical invariant feature learning with marginalization for person re - identification ; this paper addresses the problem of matching pedestrians across multiple camera views , known as person re - identification . variations in lighting conditions , environment and pose changes across camera views make re - identification a challenging problem . previous methods address these challenges by designing specific features or by learning a distance function . we propose a hierarchical feature learning framework that ←
→ detecting ontological conflicts in protocols between semantic web services ; the task of verifying the compatibility between interacting web services has traditionally been limited to checking the compatibility of the interaction protocol in terms of message sequences and the type of data being exchanged . since web services are developed largely in an uncoordinated way , different services often use independently developed ontologies for the same domain instead of adhering to a single ontology as standard .←
→ automated feedback generation for introductory programming assignments ; we present a new method for automatically providing feedback for introductory programming problems . in order to use this method , we need a reference implementation of the assignment , and an error model consisting of potential corrections to errors that students might make . using this information , the system automatically derives minimal corrections to student ' s incorrect solutions , providing them with a quantifiable measure of exactly ←
→ end - to - end learning for short text expansion ; effectively making sense of short texts is a critical task for many real world applications such as search engines , social media services , and recommender systems . the task is particularly challenging as a short text contains very sparse information , often too sparse for a machine learning algorithm to pick up useful signals . a common practice for analyzing short text is to first expand it with external information , which is usually harvested from a large colle ←
→ lidar - camera calibration using 3d - 3d point correspondences ; with the advent of autonomous vehicles , lidar and cameras have become an indispensable combination of sensors . they both provide rich and complementary data which can be used by various algorithms and machine learning to sense and make vital inferences about the surroundings . we propose a novel pipeline and experimental setup to find accurate rigid - body transformation for extrinsically calibrating a lidar and a camera . the pipeling uses 3d - 3d poin ←
→ synthetic data for neural machine translation of spoken - dialects ; in this paper , we introduce a novel approach to generate synthetic data for training neural machine translation systems . the proposed approach transforms a given parallel corpus between a written language and a target language to a parallel corpus between a spoken dialect variant and the target language . our approach is language independent and can be used to generate data for any variant of the source language such as slang or spoken dialec ←
→ unrolled optimization with deep priors ; a broad class of problems at the core of computational imaging , sensing , and low - level computer vision reduces to the inverse problem of extracting latent images that follow a prior distribution , from measurements taken under a known physical image formation model . traditionally , hand - crafted priors along with iterative optimization methods have been used to solve such problems . in this paper we present unrolled optimization with deep priors , a principled framework f ←
→ group sparse additive models ; we consider the problem of sparse variable selection in nonparametric additive models , with the prior knowledge of the structure among the covariates to encourage those variables within a group to be selected jointly . previous works either study the group sparsity in the parametric setting ( e . g ., group lasso ), or address the problem in the non - parametric setting without exploiting the structural information ( e . g ., sparse additive models ). in this paper , we present a new method ←
→ an efficient preprocessing methodology for discovering patterns and clustering of web users using a dynamic art1 neural network ; in this paper , a complete preprocessing methodology for discovering patterns in web usage mining process to improve the quality of data by reducing the quantity of data has been proposed . a dynamic art1 neural network clustering algorithm to group users according to their web access patterns with its neat architecture is also proposed . several experiments are conducted and the ←
→ comparative analysis of criteria for filtering time series of word usage frequencies ; this paper describes a method of nonlinear wavelet thresholding of time series . the ramachandran - ranganathan runs test is used to assess the quality of approximation . to minimize the objective function , it is proposed to use genetic algorithms - one of the stochastic optimization methods . the suggested method is tested both on the model series and on the word frequency series using the google books ngram data . it is sho ←
→ a method to identify potential ambiguous malay words through ambiguity attributes mapping : an exploratory study ; we describe here a methodology to identify a list of ambiguous malay words that are commonly being used in malay documentations such as requirement specification . we compiled several relevant and appropriate requirement quality attributes and sentence rules from previous literatures and adopt it to come out with a set of ambiguity attributes that most suit malay words . the extracted malay ambi ←
→ a calculus for causal relevance ; this paper presents a sound and completecalculus for causal relevance , based onpearl ' s functional models semantics . the calculus consists of axioms and rulesof inference for reasoning about causalrelevance relationships . we extend the set of known axioms for causalrelevance with three new axioms , andintroduce two new rules of inference forreasoning about specific subclasses ofmodels . these subclasses give a more refinedcharacterization of causal models than the one given in ha ←
→ variational reaction - diffusion systems for semantic segmentation ; a novel global energy model for multi - class semantic image segmentation is proposed that admits very efficient exact inference and derivative calculations for learning . inference in this model is equivalent to map inference in a particular kind of vector - valued gaussian markov random field , and ultimately reduces to solving a linear system of linear pdes known as a reaction - diffusion system . solving this system can be achieved in time scalin ←
→ no - regret learnability for piecewise linear losses ; in the convex optimization approach to online regret minimization , many methods have been developed to guarantee a $ o (\ sqrt { t })$ bound on regret for subdifferentiable convex loss functions with bounded subgradients , by using a reduction to linear loss functions . this suggests that linear loss functions tend to be the hardest ones to learn against , regardless of the underlying decision spaces . we investigate this question in a systematic fashion looking at ←
→ the ( un ) reliability of saliency methods ; saliency methods aim to explain the predictions of deep neural networks . these methods lack reliability when the explanation is sensitive to factors that do not contribute to the model prediction . we use a simple and common pre - processing step --- adding a constant shift to the input data --- to show that a transformation with no effect on the model can cause numerous methods to incorrectly attribute . in order to guarantee reliability , we posit that methods should ful ←
→ providing self - aware systems with reflexivity ; we propose a new type of self - aware systems inspired by ideas from higher - order theories of consciousness . first , we discussed the crucial distinction between introspection and reflexion . then , we focus on computational reflexion as a mechanism by which a computer program can inspect its own code at every stage of the computation . finally , we provide a formal definition and a proof - of - concept implementation of computational reflexion , viewed as an enriched for ←
→ a survey of naïve bayes machine learning approach in text document classification ; text document classification aims in associating one or more predefined categories based on the likelihood suggested by the training set of labeled documents . many machine learning algorithms play a vital role in training the system with predefined categories among which na \" ive bayes has some intriguing facts that it is simple , easy to implement and draws better accuracy in large datasets in spite of the na \" ive dependenc ←
→ finding risk - averse shortest path with time - dependent stochastic costs ; in this paper , we tackle the problem of risk - averse route planning in a transportation network with time - dependent and stochastic costs . to solve this problem , we propose an adaptation of the a * algorithm that accommodates any risk measure or decision criterion that is monotonic with first - order stochastic dominance . we also present a case study of our algorithm on the manhattan , nyc , transportation network .←
→ efficient region - based image querying ; retrieving images from large and varied repositories using visual contents has been one of major research items , but a challenging task in the image management community . in this paper we present an efficient approach for region - based image classification and retrieval using a fast multi - level neural network model . the advantages of this neural model in image classification and retrieval domain will be highlighted . the proposed approach accomplishes its goal in three ←
→ the evolution of representation in simple cognitive networks ; representations are internal models of the environment that can provide guidance to a behaving agent , even in the absence of sensory information . it is not clear how representations are developed and whether or not they are necessary or even essential for intelligent behavior . we argue here that the ability to represent relevant features of the environment is the expected consequence of an adaptive process , give a formal definition of representa ←
→ the shape of a benedictine monastery : the saintgall ontology ; we present an owl 2 ontology representing the saint gall plan , one of the most ancient documents arrived intact to us , which describes the ideal model of a benedictine monastic complex that inspired the design of many european monasteries .←
→ proceedings of the sixth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 1990 ) ; this is the proceedings of the sixth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in cambridge , ma , jul 27 - jul 29 , 1990 ←
→ diagnostic classification of lung nodules using 3d neural networks ; lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer - related death worldwide . early diagnosis of pulmonary nodules in computed tomography ( ct ) chest scans provides an opportunity for designing effective treatment and making financial and care plans . in this paper , we consider the problem of diagnostic classification between benign and malignant lung nodules in ct images , which aims to learn a direct mapping from 3d images to class labels . to achieve ←
→ semi - parametric network structure discovery models ; we propose a network structure discovery model for continuous observations that generalizes linear causal models by incorporating a gaussian process ( gp ) prior on a network - independent component , and random sparsity and weight matrices as the network - dependent parameters . this approach provides flexible modeling of network - independent trends in the observations as well as uncertainty quantification around the discovered network structure . we establish a c ←
→ maximum entropy models for generation of expressive music ; in the context of contemporary monophonic music , expression can be seen as the difference between a musical performance and its symbolic representation , i . e . a musical score . in this paper , we show how maximum entropy ( maxent ) models can be used to generate musical expression in order to mimic a human performance . as a training corpus , we had a professional pianist play about 150 melodies of jazz , pop , and latin jazz . the results show a good predic ←
→ comparative study of inference methods for bayesian nonnegative matrix factorisation ; in this paper , we study the trade - offs of different inference approaches for bayesian matrix factorisation methods , which are commonly used for predicting missing values , and for finding patterns in the data . in particular , we consider bayesian nonnegative variants of matrix factorisation and tri - factorisation , and compare non - probabilistic inference , gibbs sampling , variational bayesian inference , and a maximum - a - poste ←
→ a constraint - directed local search approach to nurse rostering problems ; in this paper , we investigate the hybridization of constraint programming and local search techniques within a large neighbourhood search scheme for solving highly constrained nurse rostering problems . as identified by the research , a crucial part of the large neighbourhood search is the selection of the fragment ( neighbourhood , i . e . the set of variables ), to be relaxed and re - optimized iteratively . the success of the large neighbourh ←
→ meg decoding across subjects ; brain decoding is a data analysis paradigm for neuroimaging experiments that is based on predicting the stimulus presented to the subject from the concurrent brain activity . in order to make inference at the group level , a straightforward but sometimes unsuccessful approach is to train a classifier on the trials of a group of subjects and then to test it on unseen trials from new subjects . the extreme difficulty is related to the structural and functional variability across th ←
→ seeing what you ' re told : sentence - guided activity recognition in video ; we present a system that demonstrates how the compositional structure of events , in concert with the compositional structure of language , can interplay with the underlying focusing mechanisms in video action recognition , thereby providing a medium , not only for top - down and bottom - up integration , but also for multi - modal integration between vision and language . we show how the roles played by participants ( nouns ), their characteristics ←
→ aperture supervision for monocular depth estimation ; we present a novel method to train machine learning algorithms to estimate scene depths from a single image , by using the information provided by a camera ' s aperture as supervision . prior works use a depth sensor ' s outputs or images of the same scene from alternate viewpoints as supervision , while our method instead uses images from the same viewpoint taken with a varying camera aperture . to enable learning algorithms to use aperture effects as supervisi ←
→ autoencoder , principal component analysis and support vector regression for data imputation ; data collection often results in records that have missing values or variables . this investigation compares 3 different data imputation models and identifies their merits by using accuracy measures . autoencoder neural networks , principal components and support vector regression are used for prediction and combined with a genetic algorithm to then impute missing variables . the use of pca improves the overall perfo ←
→ exploring spatial context for 3d semantic segmentation of point clouds ; deep learning approaches have made tremendous progress in the field of semantic segmentation over the past few years . however , most current approaches operate in the 2d image space . direct semantic segmentation of unstructured 3d point clouds is still an open research problem . the recently proposed pointnet architecture presents an interesting step ahead in that it can operate on unstructured point clouds , achieving encouraging segment ←
→ bio - inspired computation : success and challenges of ijbic ; it is now five years since the launch of the international journal of bio - inspired computation ( ijbic ). at the same time , significant new progress has been made in the area of bio - inspired computation . this review paper summarizes the success and achievements of ijbic in the past five years , and also highlights the challenges and key issues for further research .←
→ kernel conditional exponential family ; a nonparametric family of conditional distributions is introduced , which generalizes conditional exponential families using functional parameters in a suitable rkhs . an algorithm is provided for learning the generalized natural parameter , and consistency of the estimator is established in the well specified case . in experiments , the new method generally outperforms a competing approach with consistency guarantees , and is competitive with a deep conditional density mod ←
→ dealing with integer - valued variables in bayesian optimization with gaussian processes ; bayesian optimization ( bo ) methods are useful for optimizing functions that are expensive to evaluate , lack an analytical expression and whose evaluations can be contaminated by noise . these methods rely on a probabilistic model of the objective function , typically a gaussian process ( gp ), upon which an acquisition function is built . this function guides the optimization process and measures the expected utility of pe ←
→ lcsts : a large scale chinese short text summarization dataset ; automatic text summarization is widely regarded as the highly difficult problem , partially because of the lack of large text summarization data set . due to the great challenge of constructing the large scale summaries for full text , in this paper , we introduce a large corpus of chinese short text summarization dataset constructed from the chinese microblogging website sina weibo , which is released to the public { http :// icrc . hitsz . edu . cn / article ←
→ a finite element computational framework for active contours on graphs ; in this paper we present a new framework for the solution of active contour models on graphs . with the use of the finite element method we generalize active contour models on graphs and reduce the problem from a partial differential equation to the solution of a sparse non - linear system . additionally , we extend the proposed framework to solve models where the curve evolution is locally constrained around its current location . based on ←
→ symmetry , saddle points , and global optimization landscape of nonconvex matrix factorization ; we propose a general theory for studying the \ xl { landscape } of nonconvex \ xl { optimization } with underlying symmetric structures \ tz { for a class of machine learning problems ( e . g ., low - rank matrix factorization , phase retrieval , and deep linear neural networks )}. in specific , we characterize the locations of stationary points and the null space of hessian matrices \ xl { of the objective function } via the lens of in ←
→ quantum algorithms for learning and testing juntas ; in this article we develop quantum algorithms for learning and testing juntas , i . e . boolean functions which depend only on an unknown set of k out of n input variables . our aim is to develop efficient algorithms : - whose sample complexity has no dependence on n , the dimension of the domain the boolean functions are defined over ; - with no access to any classical or quantum membership (" black - box ") queries . instead , our algorithms use only classical ex ←
→ perceptual quality prediction on authentically distorted images using a bag of features approach ; current top - performing blind perceptual image quality prediction models are generally trained on legacy databases of human quality opinion scores on synthetically distorted images . therefore they learn image features that effectively predict human visual quality judgments of inauthentic , and usually isolated ( single ) distortions . however , real - world images usually contain complex , composite mixtures of multi ←
→ a narrative vehicle protection representation for vehicle speed regulator under driver exhaustion -- a study ; driver fatigue is one of the important factors that cause traffic accidents , and the ever - increasing number due to diminished drivers vigilance level has become a problem of serious concern to society . drivers with a diminished vigilance level suffer from a marked decline in their abilities of perception , recognition , and vehicle control , and therefore pose serious danger to their own life and th ←
→ distributed estimation , information loss and exponential families ; distributed learning of probabilistic models from multiple data repositories with minimum communication is increasingly important . we study a simple communication - efficient learning framework that first calculates the local maximum likelihood estimates ( mle ) based on the data subsets , and then combines the local mles to achieve the best possible approximation to the global mle given the whole dataset . we study this framework ' s statistical p ←
→ using arguments for making decisions : a possibilistic logic approach ; humans currently use arguments for explaining choices which are already made , or for evaluating potential choices . each potential choice has usually pros and cons of various strengths . in spite of the usefulness of arguments in a decision making process , there have been few formal proposals handling this idea if we except works by fox and parsons and by bonet and geffner . in this paper we propose a possibilistic logic framework where arg ←
→ large - scale domain adaptation via teacher - student learning ; high accuracy speech recognition requires a large amount of transcribed data for supervised training . in the absence of such data , domain adaptation of a well - trained acoustic model can be performed , but even here , high accuracy usually requires significant labeled data from the target domain . in this work , we propose an approach to domain adaptation that does not require transcriptions but instead uses a corpus of unlabeled parallel data , consist ←
→ similarity - based estimation of word cooccurrence probabilities ; in many applications of natural language processing it is necessary to determine the likelihood of a given word combination . for example , a speech recognizer may need to determine which of the two word combinations `` eat a peach '' and `` eat a beach '' is more likely . statistical nlp methods determine the likelihood of a word combination according to its frequency in a training corpus . however , the nature of language is such that many word combi ←
→ the automatic training of rule bases that use numerical uncertainty representations ; the use of numerical uncertainty representations allows better modeling of some aspects of human evidential reasoning . it also makes knowledge acquisition and system development , test , and modification more difficult . we propose that where possible , the assignment and / or refinement of rule weights should be performed automatically . we present one approach to performing this training - numerical optimization - and report ←
→ structured uncertainty prediction networks ; this paper is the first work to propose a network to predict a structured uncertainty distribution for a reconstructed image . our novel model learns to predict a full gaussian covariance matrix for each reconstruction , which permits efficient sampling and likelihood evaluation . we demonstrate that our model can accurately reconstruct ground truth correlated residual distributions for synthetic datasets and generate plausible high frequency samples for real face i ←
→ self - adaptive hierarchical sentence model ; the ability to accurately model a sentence at varying stages ( e . g ., word - phrase - sentence ) plays a central role in natural language processing . as an effort towards this goal we propose a self - adaptive hierarchical sentence model ( adasent ). adasent effectively forms a hierarchy of representations from words to phrases and then to sentences through recursive gated local composition of adjacent segments . we design a competitive mechanism ( through gating networks ) to ←
→ f - gan : training generative neural samplers using variational divergence minimization ; generative neural samplers are probabilistic models that implement sampling using feedforward neural networks : they take a random input vector and produce a sample from a probability distribution defined by the network weights . these models are expressive and allow efficient computation of samples and derivatives , but cannot be used for computing likelihoods or for marginalization . the generative - adversarial training me ←
→ object category understanding via eye fixations on freehand sketches ; the study of eye gaze fixations on photographic images is an active research area . in contrast , the image subcategory of freehand sketches has not received as much attention for such studies . in this paper , we analyze the results of a free - viewing gaze fixation study conducted on 3904 freehand sketches distributed across 160 object categories . our analysis shows that fixation sequences exhibit marked consistency within a sketch , across s ←
→ confidence - constrained maximum entropy framework for learning from multi - instance data ; multi - instance data , in which each object ( bag ) contains a collection of instances , are widespread in machine learning , computer vision , bioinformatics , signal processing , and social sciences . we present a maximum entropy ( me ) framework for learning from multi - instance data . in this approach each bag is represented as a distribution using the principle of me . we introduce the concept of confidence - constrained me ( cme )←
→ monge ' s optimal transport distance with applications for nearest neighbour image classification ; this paper focuses on a similarity measure , known as the wasserstein distance , with which to compare images . the wasserstein distance results from a partial differential equation ( pde ) formulation of monge ' s optimal transport problem . we present an efficient numerical solution method for solving monge ' s problem . to demonstrate the measure ' s discriminatory power when comparing images , we use it within the arch ←
→ recurrent computations for visual pattern completion ; making inferences from partial information constitutes a critical aspect of cognition . during visual perception , pattern completion enables recognition of poorly visible or occluded objects . we combined psychophysics , physiology and computational models to test the hypothesis that pattern completion is implemented by recurrent computations and present three pieces of evidence that are consistent with this hypothesis . first , subjects robustly recognized ←
→ batch - ifdd for representation expansion in large mdps ; matching pursuit ( mp ) methods are a promising class of feature construction algorithms for value function approximation . yet existing mp methods require creating a pool of potential features , mandating expert knowledge or enumeration of a large feature pool , both of which hinder scalability . this paper introduces batch incremental feature dependency discovery ( batch - ifdd ) as an mp method that inherits a provable convergence property . additionally , batc ←
→ llama : leveraging learning to automatically manage algorithms ; algorithm portfolio and selection approaches have achieved remarkable improvements over single solvers . however , the implementation of such systems is often highly customised and specific to the problem domain . this makes it difficult for researchers to explore different techniques for their specific problems . we present llama , a modular and extensible toolkit implemented as an r package that facilitates the exploration of a range of different ←
→ lattice embeddings between types of fuzzy sets . closed - valued fuzzy sets ; in this paper we deal with the problem of extending zadeh ' s operators on fuzzy sets ( fss ) to interval - valued ( ivfss ), set - valued ( svfss ) and type - 2 ( t2fss ) fuzzy sets . namely , it is known that seeing fss as svfss , or t2fss , whose membership degrees are singletons is not order - preserving . we then describe a family of lattice embeddings from fss to svfss . alternatively , if the former singleton viewpoint is required , we reformulate the ←
→ iterative learning of answer set programs from context dependent examples ; in recent years , several frameworks and systems have been proposed that extend inductive logic programming ( ilp ) to the answer set programming ( asp ) paradigm . in ilp , examples must all be explained by a hypothesis together with a given background knowledge . in existing systems , the background knowledge is the same for all examples ; however , examples may be context - dependent . this means that some examples should be explained in the ←
→ single - agent on - line path planning in continuous , unpredictable and highly dynamic environments ; this document is a thesis on the subject of single - agent on - line path planning in continuous , unpredictable and highly dynamic environments . the problem is finding and traversing a collision - free path for a holonomic robot , without kinodynamic restrictions , moving in an environment with several unpredictably moving obstacles or adversaries . the availability of perfect information of the environment at all time ←
→ doubly - attentive decoder for multi - modal neural machine translation ; we introduce a multi - modal neural machine translation model in which a doubly - attentive decoder naturally incorporates spatial visual features obtained using pre - trained convolutional neural networks , bridging the gap between image description and translation . our decoder learns to attend to source - language words and parts of an image independently by means of two separate attention mechanisms as it generates words in the target language .←
→ smarttennistv : automatic indexing of tennis videos ; in this paper , we demonstrate a score based indexing approach for tennis videos . given a broadcast tennis video ( btv ), we index all the video segments with their scores to create a navigable and searchable match . our approach temporally segments the rallies in the video and then recognizes the scores from each of the segments , before refining the scores using the knowledge of the tennis scoring system . we finally build an interface to effortlessly retriev ←
→ voice conversion from non - parallel corpora using variational auto - encoder ; we propose a flexible framework for spectral conversion ( sc ) that facilitates training with unaligned corpora . many sc frameworks require parallel corpora , phonetic alignments , or explicit frame - wise correspondence for learning conversion functions or for synthesizing a target spectrum with the aid of alignments . however , these requirements gravely limit the scope of practical applications of sc due to scarcity or even unavailabil ←
→ a comparison of monte carlo tree search and mathematical optimization for large scale dynamic resource allocation ; dynamic resource allocation ( dra ) problems are an important class of dynamic stochastic optimization problems that arise in a variety of important real - world applications . dra problems are notoriously difficult to solve to optimality since they frequently combine stochastic elements with intractably large state and action spaces . although the artificial intelligence and operations research c ←
→ some extensions of probabilistic logic ; in [ 12 ], nilsson proposed the probabilistic logic in which the truth values of logical propositions are probability values between 0 and 1 . it is applicable to any logical system for which the consistency of a finite set of propositions can be established . the probabilistic inference scheme reduces to the ordinary logical inference when the probabilities of all propositions are either 0 or 1 . this logic has the same limitations of other probabilistic reasoning system ←
→ visual secret sharing scheme using grayscale images ; pixel expansion and the quality of the reconstructed secret image has been a major issue of visual secret sharing ( vss ) schemes . a number of probabilistic vss schemes with minimum pixel expansion have been proposed for black and white ( binary ) secret images . this paper presents a probabilistic ( 2 , 3 )- vss scheme for gray scale images . its pixel expansion is larger in size but the quality of the image is perfect when it ' s reconstructed . the construction of ←
→ automatic keyword extraction for text summarization : a survey ; in recent times , data is growing rapidly in every domain such as news , social media , banking , education , etc . due to the excessiveness of data , there is a need of automatic summarizer which will be capable to summarize the data especially textual data in original document without losing any critical purposes . text summarization is emerged as an important research area in recent past . in this regard , review of existing work on text summarization ←
→ unsupervised domain adaptation for face recognition in unlabeled videos ; despite rapid advances in face recognition , there remains a clear gap between the performance of still image - based face recognition and video - based face recognition , due to the vast difference in visual quality between the domains and the difficulty of curating diverse large - scale video datasets . this paper addresses both of those challenges , through an image to video feature - level domain adaptation approach , to learn discriminative v ←
→ tdleaf ( lambda ): combining temporal difference learning with game - tree search ; in this paper we present tdleaf ( lambda ), a variation on the td ( lambda ) algorithm that enables it to be used in conjunction with minimax search . we present some experiments in both chess and backgammon which demonstrate its utility and provide comparisons with td ( lambda ) and another less radical variant , td - directed ( lambda ). in particular , our chess program , `` knightcap ,'' used tdleaf ( lambda ) to learn its evaluation function whi ←
→ associative memories based on multiple - valued sparse clustered networks ; associative memories are structures that store data patterns and retrieve them given partial inputs . sparse clustered networks ( scns ) are recently - introduced binary - weighted associative memories that significantly improve the storage and retrieval capabilities over the prior state - of - the art . however , deleting or updating the data patterns result in a significant increase in the data retrieval error probability . in this paper , we prop ←
→ decoupled learning for conditional adversarial networks ; incorporating encoding - decoding nets with adversarial nets has been widely adopted in image generation tasks . we observe that the state - of - the - art achievements were obtained by carefully balancing the reconstruction loss and adversarial loss , and such balance shifts with different network structures , datasets , and training strategies . empirical studies have demonstrated that an inappropriate weight between the two losses may cause instability , and it ←
→ an experimental study of adaptive control for evolutionary algorithms ; the balance of exploration versus exploitation ( eve ) is a key issue on evolutionary computation . in this paper we will investigate how an adaptive controller aimed to perform operator selection can be used to dynamically manage the eve balance required by the search , showing that the search strategies determined by this control paradigm lead to an improvement of solution quality found by the evolutionary algorithm .←
→ show , tell and discriminate : image captioning by self - retrieval with partially labeled data ; the aim of image captioning is to generate similar captions by machine as human do to describe image contents . despite many efforts , generating discriminative captions for images remains non - trivial . most traditional approaches imitate the language structure patterns , thus tend to fall into a stereotype of replicating frequent phrases or sentences and neglect unique aspects of each image . in this work , we propose ←
→ assisting drivers during overtaking using car - 2 - car communication and multi - agent systems ; a warning system for assisting drivers during overtaking maneuvers is proposed . the system relies on car - 2 - car communication technologies and multi - agent systems . a protocol for safety overtaking is proposed based on acl communicative acts . the mathematical model for safety overtaking used kalman filter to minimize localization error .←
→ validation of neural spike sorting algorithms without ground - truth information ; we describe a suite of validation metrics that assess the credibility of a given automatic spike sorting algorithm applied to a given electrophysiological recording , when ground - truth is unavailable . by rerunning the spike sorter two or more times , the metrics measure stability under various perturbations consistent with variations in the data itself , making no assumptions about the noise model , nor about the internal working ←
→ theoretical insights into the optimization landscape of over - parameterized shallow neural networks ; in this paper we study the problem of learning a shallow artificial neural network that best fits a training data set . we study this problem in the over - parameterized regime where the number of observations are fewer than the number of parameters in the model . we show that with quadratic activations the optimization landscape of training such shallow neural networks has certain favorable characteristics th ←
→ the jrc - acquis : a multilingual aligned parallel corpus with 20 + languages ; we present a new , unique and freely available parallel corpus containing european union ( eu ) documents of mostly legal nature . it is available in all 20 official euanguages , with additional documents being available in the languages of the eu candidate countries . the corpus consists of almost 8 , 000 documents per language , with an average size of nearly 9 million words per language . pair - wise paragraph alignment information produce ←
→ long short - term memory based recurrent neural network architectures for large vocabulary speech recognition ; long short - term memory ( lstm ) is a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) architecture that has been designed to address the vanishing and exploding gradient problems of conventional rnns . unlike feedforward neural networks , rnns have cyclic connections making them powerful for modeling sequences . they have been successfully used for sequence labeling and sequence prediction tasks , such as handwriting rec ←
→ towards a better understanding of the local attractor in particle swarm optimization : speed and solution quality ; particle swarm optimization ( pso ) is a popular nature - inspired meta - heuristic for solving continuous optimization problems . although this technique is widely used , the understanding of the mechanisms that make swarms so successful is still limited . we present the first substantial experimental investigation of the influence of the local attractor on the quality of exploration and exploitation ←
→ unsupervised band selection of hyperspectral images via multi - dictionary sparse representation ; hyperspectral images have far more spectral bands than ordinary multispectral images . rich band information provides more favorable conditions for the tremendous applications . however , significant increase in the dimensionality of spectral bands may lead to the curse of dimensionality , especially for classification applications . furthermore , there are a large amount of redundant information among the raw image ←
→ on firm specific characteristics of pharmaceutical generics and incentives to permanence under fuzzy conditions ; the aim of this paper is to develop a methodology that is useful for analysing from a microeconomic perspective the incentives to entry , permanence and exit in the market for pharmaceutical generics under fuzzy conditions . in an empirical application of our proposed methodology , the potential towards permanence of labs with different characteristics has been estimated . the case we deal with is ←
→ exact histogram specification optimized for structural similarity ; an exact histogram specification ( ehs ) method modifies its input image to have a specified histogram . applications of ehs include image ( contrast ) enhancement ( e . g ., by histogram equalization ) and histogram watermarking . performing ehs on an image , however , reduces its visual quality . starting from the output of a generic ehs method , we maximize the structural similarity index ( ssim ) between the original image ( before ehs ) and the result of ←
→ efficient feature matching by progressive candidate search ; we present a novel feature matching algorithm that systematically utilizes the geometric properties of features such as position , scale , and orientation , in addition to the conventional descriptor vectors . in challenging scenes with the presence of repetitive patterns or with a large viewpoint change , it is hard to find the correct correspondences using feature descriptors only , since the descriptor distances of the correct matches may not be the ←
→ prosody based co - analysis for continuous recognition of coverbal gestures ; although speech and gesture recognition has been studied extensively , all the successful attempts of combining them in the unified framework were semantically motivated , e . g ., keyword - gesture cooccurrence . such formulations inherited the complexity of natural language processing . this paper presents a bayesian formulation that uses a phenomenon of gesture and speech articulation for improving accuracy of automatic recognition of c ←
→ a dynamic bayesian network model for inventory level estimation in retail marketing ; many retailers today employ inventory management systems based on re - order point policies , most of which rely on the assumption that all decreases in product inventory levels result from product sales . unfortunately , it usually happens that small but random quantities of the product get lost , stolen or broken without record as time passes , e . g ., as a consequence of shoplifting . this is usual for retailers handling large ←
→ a projected gradient descent method for crf inference allowing end - to - end training of arbitrary pairwise potentials ; are we using the right potential functions in the conditional random field models that are popular in the vision community ? semantic segmentation and other pixel - level labelling tasks have made significant progress recently due to the deep learning paradigm . however , most state - of - the - art structured prediction methods also include a random field model with a hand - crafted gaussian potential ←
→ robustness of rotation - equivariant networks to adversarial perturbations ; deep neural networks have been shown to be vulnerable to adversarial examples : very small perturbations of the input having a dramatic impact on the predictions . a wealth of adversarial attacks and distance metrics to quantify the similarity between natural and adversarial images have been proposed , recently enlarging the scope of adversarial examples with geometric transformations beyond pixel - wise attacks . in this context , we inves ←
→ tangent - based manifold approximation with locally linear models ; in this paper , we consider the problem of manifold approximation with affine subspaces . our objective is to discover a set of low dimensional affine subspaces that represents manifold data accurately while preserving the manifold ' s structure . for this purpose , we employ a greedy technique that partitions manifold samples into groups that can be each approximated by a low dimensional subspace . we start by considering each manifold sample as a ←
→ anomaly detection in video with bayesian nonparametrics ; a novel dynamic bayesian nonparametric topic model for anomaly detection in video is proposed in this paper . batch and online gibbs samplers are developed for inference . the paper introduces a new abnormality measure for decision making . the proposed method is evaluated on both synthetic and real data . the comparison with a non - dynamic model shows the superiority of the proposed dynamic one in terms of the classification performance for anomaly detec ←
→ web robot detection in academic publishing ; recent industry reports assure the rise of web robots which comprise more than half of the total web traffic . they not only threaten the security , privacy and efficiency of the web but they also distort analytics and metrics , doubting the veracity of the information being promoted . in the academic publishing domain , this can cause articles to be faulty presented as prominent and influential . in this paper , we present our approach on detecting web robots in academ ←
→ a multi - scale and multi - depth convolutional neural network for remote sensing imagery pan - sharpening ; pan - sharpening is a fundamental and significant task in the field of remote sensing imagery processing , in which high - resolution spatial details from panchromatic images are employed to enhance the spatial resolution of multi - spectral ( ms ) images . as the transformation from low spatial resolution ms image to high - resolution ms image is complex and highly non - linear , inspired by the powerful representatio ←
→ polarity detection movie reviews in hindi language ; nowadays peoples are actively involved in giving comments and reviews on social networking websites and other websites like shopping websites , news websites etc . large number of people everyday share their opinion on the web , results is a large number of user data is collected . users also find it trivial task to read all the reviews and then reached into the decision . it would be better if these reviews are classified into some category so that the user f ←
→ benchmarking of lstm networks ; lstm ( long short - term memory ) recurrent neural networks have been highly successful in a number of application areas . this technical report describes the use of the mnist and uw3 databases for benchmarking lstm networks and explores the effect of different architectural and hyperparameter choices on performance . significant findings include : ( 1 ) lstm performance depends smoothly on learning rates , ( 2 ) batching and momentum has no significant effect on performance , ( 3 ) softmax ←
→ modeling self - organization of vocabularies under phonological similarity effects ; this work develops a computational model ( by automata networks ) of phonological similarity effects involved in the formation of word - meaning associations on artificial populations of speakers . classical studies show that in recalling experiments memory performance was impaired for phonologically similar words versus dissimilar ones . here , the individuals confound phonologically similar words according to a predefined parame ←
→ a locally adapting technique for boundary detection using image segmentation ; rapid growth in the field of quantitative digital image analysis is paving the way for researchers to make precise measurements about objects in an image . to compute quantities from the image such as the density of compressed materials or the velocity of a shockwave , we must determine object boundaries . images containing regions that each have a spatial trend in intensity are of particular interest . we present a supervised imag ←
→ android malware characterization using metadata and machine learning techniques ; android malware has emerged as a consequence of the increasing popularity of smartphones and tablets . while most previous work focuses on inherent characteristics of android apps to detect malware , this study analyses indirect features and meta - data to identify patterns in malware applications . our experiments show that : ( 1 ) the permissions used by an application offer only moderate performance results ; ( 2 ) other features pu ←
→ learning equilibria with partial information in decentralized wireless networks ; in this article , a survey of several important equilibrium concepts for decentralized networks is presented . the term decentralized is used here to refer to scenarios where decisions ( e . g ., choosing a power allocation policy ) are taken autonomously by devices interacting with each other ( e . g ., through mutual interference ). the iterative long - term interaction is characterized by stable points of the wireless network called eq ←
→ adaptive feature ranking for unsupervised transfer learning ; transfer learning is concerned with the application of knowledge gained from solving a problem to a different but related problem domain . in this paper , we propose a method and efficient algorithm for ranking and selecting representations from a restricted boltzmann machine trained on a source domain to be transferred onto a target domain . experiments carried out using the mnist , icdar and ticc image datasets show that the proposed adaptive featu ←
→ noisy networks for exploration ; we introduce noisynet , a deep reinforcement learning agent with parametric noise added to its weights , and show that the induced stochasticity of the agent ' s policy can be used to aid efficient exploration . the parameters of the noise are learned with gradient descent along with the remaining network weights . noisynet is straightforward to implement and adds little computational overhead . we find that replacing the conventional exploration heuristics for a3c , dqn and dueling ←
→ towards a deep reinforcement learning approach for tower line wars ; there have been numerous breakthroughs with reinforcement learning in the recent years , perhaps most notably on deep reinforcement learning successfully playing and winning relatively advanced computer games . there is undoubtedly an anticipation that deep reinforcement learning will play a major role when the first ai masters the complicated game plays needed to beat a professional real - time strategy game player . for this to be possible , t ←
→ nonparametric basis pursuit via sparse kernel - based learning ; signal processing tasks as fundamental as sampling , reconstruction , minimum mean - square error interpolation and prediction can be viewed under the prism of reproducing kernel hilbert spaces . endowing this vantage point with contemporary advances in sparsity - aware modeling and processing , promotes the nonparametric basis pursuit advocated in this paper as the overarching framework for the confluence of kernel - based learning ( kbl ) approaches lever ←
→ communication efficient distributed kernel principal component analysis ; kernel principal component analysis ( kpca ) is a key machine learning algorithm for extracting nonlinear features from data . in the presence of a large volume of high dimensional data collected in a distributed fashion , it becomes very costly to communicate all of this data to a single data center and then perform kernel pca . can we perform kernel pca on the entire dataset in a distributed and communication efficient fashion while main ←
→ confidence decision trees via online and active learning for streaming ( big ) data ; decision tree classifiers are a widely used tool in data stream mining . the use of confidence intervals to estimate the gain associated with each split leads to very effective methods , like the popular hoeffding tree algorithm . from a statistical viewpoint , the analysis of decision tree classifiers in a streaming setting requires knowing when enough new information has been collected to justify splitting a leaf . although s ←
→ factorized multi - modal topic model ; multi - modal data collections , such as corpora of paired images and text snippets , require analysis methods beyond single - view component and topic models . for continuous observations the current dominant approach is based on extensions of canonical correlation analysis , factorizing the variation into components shared by the different modalities and those private to each of them . for count data , multiple variants of topic models attempting to tie the modalities together h ←
→ towards life cycle identification of malaria parasites using machine learning and riemannian geometry ; malaria is a serious infectious disease that is responsible for over half million deaths yearly worldwide . the major cause of these mortalities is late or inaccurate diagnosis . manual microscopy is currently considered as the dominant diagnostic method for malaria . however , it is time consuming and prone to human errors . the aim of this paper is to automate the diagnosis process and minimize the human i ←
→ robust classification by pre - conditioned lasso and transductive diffusion component analysis ; modern machine learning - based recognition approaches require large - scale datasets with large number of labelled training images . however , such datasets are inherently difficult and costly to collect and annotate . hence there is a great and growing interest in automatic dataset collection methods that can leverage the web . % which are collected % in a cheap , efficient and yet unreliable way . collecting datasets i ←
→ a distributed framework for the construction of transport maps ; the need to reason about uncertainty in large , complex , and multi - modal datasets has become increasingly common across modern scientific environments . the ability to transform samples from one distribution $ p $ to another distribution $ q $ enables the solution to many problems in machine learning ( e . g . bayesian inference , generative modeling ) and has been actively pursued from theoretical , computational , and application perspectives across the f ←
→ the most persistent soft - clique in a set of sampled graphs ; when searching for characteristic subpatterns in potentially noisy graph data , it appears self - evident that having multiple observations would be better than having just one . however , it turns out that the inconsistencies introduced when different graph instances have different edge sets pose a serious challenge . in this work we address this challenge for the problem of finding maximum weighted cliques . we introduce the concept of most persisten ←
→ deepunet : a deep fully convolutional network for pixel - level sea - land segmentation ; semantic segmentation is a fundamental research in remote sensing image processing . because of the complex maritime environment , the sea - land segmentation is a challenging task . although the neural network has achieved excellent performance in semantic segmentation in the last years , there are a few of works using cnn for sea - land segmentation and the results could be further improved . this paper proposes a novel deep con ←
→ a novel neural network model for joint pos tagging and graph - based dependency parsing ; we present a novel neural network model that learns pos tagging and graph - based dependency parsing jointly . our model uses bidirectional lstms to learn feature representations shared for both pos tagging and dependency parsing tasks , thus handling the feature - engineering problem . our extensive experiments , on 19 languages from the universal dependencies project , show that our model outperforms the state - of - the - art neur ←
→ context models on sequences of covers ; we present a class of models that , via a simple construction , enables exact , incremental , non - parametric , polynomial - time , bayesian inference of conditional measures . the approach relies upon creating a sequence of covers on the conditioning variable and maintaining a different model for each set within a cover . inference remains tractable by specifying the probabilistic model in terms of a random walk within the sequence of covers . we demonstrate the approach on prob ←
→ a matrix approach for computing extensions of argumentation frameworks ; the matrices and their sub - blocks are introduced into the study of determining various extensions in the sense of dung ' s theory of argumentation frameworks . it is showed that each argumentation framework has its matrix representations , and the core semantics defined by dung can be characterized by specific sub - blocks of the matrix . furthermore , the elementary permutations of a matrix are employed by which an efficient matrix approach f ←
→ handseg : a dataset for hand segmentation from depth images ; we introduce a large - scale rgbd hand segmentation dataset , with detailed and automatically generated high - quality ground - truth annotations . existing real - world datasets are limited in quantity due to the difficulty in manually annotating ground - truth labels . by leveraging a pair of brightly colored gloves and an rgbd camera , we propose an acquisition pipeline that eases the task of annotating very large datasets with minimal human intervention . we ←
→ a multistep segmentation algorithm for vessel extraction in medical imaging ; the main contribution of this paper is to propose an iterative procedure for tubular structure segmentation of 2d images , which combines tight frame of curvelet transforms with a sure technique thresholding which is based on principle obtained by minimizing stein unbiased risk estimate for denoising . this proposed algorithm is mainly based on the tfa proposal presented in [ 1 , 9 ], which we use eigenvectors of hessian matrix of im ←
→ potts model , parametric maxflow and k - submodular functions ; the problem of minimizing the potts energy function frequently occurs in computer vision applications . one way to tackle this np - hard problem was proposed by kovtun [ 19 , 20 ]. it identifies a part of an optimal solution by running $ k $ maxflow computations , where $ k $ is the number of labels . the number of " labeled " pixels can be significant in some applications , e . g . 50 - 93 % in our tests for stereo . we show how to reduce the runtime to $ o (\ log k )$ max ←
→ discriminative bimodal networks for visual localization and detection with natural language queries ; associating image regions with text queries has been recently explored as a new way to bridge visual and linguistic representations . a few pioneering approaches have been proposed based on recurrent neural language models trained generatively ( e . g ., generating captions ), but achieving somewhat limited localization accuracy . to better address natural - language - based visual entity localization , we propose a ←
→ formal concept analysis and resolution in algebraic domains ; we relate two formerly independent areas : formal concept analysis and logic of domains . we will establish a correspondene between contextual attribute logic on formal contexts resp . concept lattices and a clausal logic on coherent algebraic cpos . we show how to identify the notion of formal concept in the domain theoretic setting . in particular , we show that a special instance of the resolution rule from the domain logic coincides with the concep ←
→ evidence - invariant sensitivity bounds ; the sensitivities revealed by a sensitivity analysis of a probabilistic network typically depend on the entered evidence . for a real - life network therefore , the analysis is performed a number of times , with different evidence . although efficient algorithms for sensitivity analysis exist , a complete analysis is often infeasible because of the large range of possible combinations of observations . in this paper we present a method for studying sensitivities that are inva ←
→ network analysis for explanation ; safety critical systems strongly require the quality aspects of artificial intelligence including explainability . in this paper , we analyzed a trained network to extract features which mainly contribute the inference . based on the analysis , we developed a simple solution to generate explanations of the inference processes .←
→ a preliminary study of croatian language syllable networks ; this paper presents preliminary results of croatian syllable networks analysis . syllable network is a network in which nodes are syllables and links between them are constructed according to their connections within words . in this paper we analyze networks of syllables generated from texts collected from the croatian wikipedia and blogs . as a main tool we use complex network analysis methods which provide mechanisms that can reveal new patterns in ←
→ blind analysis of ct image noise using residual denoised images ; ct protocol design and quality control would benefit from automated tools to estimate the quality of generated ct images . these tools could be used to identify erroneous ct acquisitions or refine protocols to achieve certain signal to noise characteristics . this paper investigates blind estimation methods to determine global signal strength and noise levels in chest ct images . methods : we propose novel performance metrics corresponding to the ←
→ learning contextualized semantics from co - occurring terms via a siamese architecture ; one of the biggest challenges in multimedia information retrieval and understanding is to bridge the semantic gap by properly modeling concept semantics in context . the presence of out of vocabulary ( oov ) concepts exacerbates this difficulty . to address the semantic gap issues , we formulate a problem on learning contextualized semantics from descriptive terms and propose a novel siamese architecture to model the context ←
→ subspace clustering via thresholding and spectral clustering ; we consider the problem of clustering a set of high - dimensional data points into sets of low - dimensional linear subspaces . the number of subspaces , their dimensions , and their orientations are unknown . we propose a simple and low - complexity clustering algorithm based on thresholding the correlations between the data points followed by spectral clustering . a probabilistic performance analysis shows that this algorithm succeeds even when the subsp ←
→ grammatical case based is - a relation extraction with boosting for polish ; pattern - based methods of is - a relation extraction rely heavily on so called hearst patterns . these are ways of expressing instance enumerations of a class in natural language . while these lexico - syntactic patterns prove quite useful , they may not capture all taxonomical relations expressed in text . therefore in this paper we describe a novel method of is - a relation extraction from patterns , which uses morpho - syntactical annotations a ←
→ a flexible tensor block coordinate ascent scheme for hypergraph matching ; the estimation of correspondences between two images resp . point sets is a core problem in computer vision . one way to formulate the problem is graph matching leading to the quadratic assignment problem which is np - hard . several so called second order methods have been proposed to solve this problem . in recent years hypergraph matching leading to a third order problem became popular as it allows for better integration of geometric in ←
→ fine - grained head pose estimation without keypoints ; estimating the head pose of a person is a crucial problem that has a large amount of applications such as aiding in gaze estimation , modeling attention , fitting 3d models to video and performing face alignment . traditionally head pose is computed by estimating some keypoints from the target face and solving the 2d to 3d correspondence problem with a mean human head model . we argue that this is a fragile method because it relies entirely on landmark detec ←
→ an automatic bad band preremoval algorithm for hyperspectral imagery ; for most hyperspectral remote sensing applications , removing bad bands , such as water absorption bands , is a required preprocessing step . currently , the commonly applied method is by visual inspection , which is very time - consuming and it is easy to overlook some noisy bands . in this study , we find an inherent connection between target detection algorithms and the corrupted band removal . as an example , for the matched filter ( mf ), which i ←
→ lcnn : lookup - based convolutional neural network ; porting state of the art deep learning algorithms to resource constrained compute platforms ( e . g . vr , ar , wearables ) is extremely challenging . we propose a fast , compact , and accurate model for convolutional neural networks that enables efficient learning and inference . we introduce lcnn , a lookup - based convolutional neural network that encodes convolutions by few lookups to a dictionary that is trained to cover the space of weights in cnns . training lcnn in ←
→ deep metric learning with angular loss ; the modern image search system requires semantic understanding of image , and a key yet under - addressed problem is to learn a good metric for measuring the similarity between images . while deep metric learning has yielded impressive performance gains by extracting high level abstractions from image data , a proper objective loss function becomes the central issue to boost the performance . in this paper , we propose a novel angular loss , which takes angle relationship in ←
→ e2e - mlt - an unconstrained end - to - end method for multi - language scene text ; an end - to - end method for multi - language scene text localization , recognition and script identification is proposed . the approach is based on a set of convolutional neural nets . the method , called e2e - mlt , achieves state - of - the - art performance for both joint localization and script identification in natural images and in cropped word script identification . e2e - mlt is the first published multi - language ocr for scene text . the exper ←
→ a scalable multiclass algorithm for node classification ; we introduce a scalable algorithm , mucca , for multiclass node classification in weighted graphs . unlike previously proposed methods for the same task , mucca works in time linear in the number of nodes . our approach is based on a game - theoretic formulation of the problem in which the test labels are expressed as a nash equilibrium of a certain game . however , in order to achieve scalability , we find the equilibrium on a spanning tree of the original gr ←
→ optimistic risk perception in the temporal difference error explains the relation between risk - taking , gambling , sensation - seeking and low fear ; understanding the affective , cognitive and behavioural processes involved in risk taking is essential for treatment and for setting environmental conditions to limit damage . using temporal difference reinforcement learning ( tdrl ) we computationally investigated the effect of optimism in risk perception in a variety of goal - oriented tasks . optimism in risk percep ←
→ a compressed sensing based decomposition of electrodermal activity signals ; the measurement and analysis of electrodermal activity ( eda ) offers applications in diverse areas ranging from market research , to seizure detection , to human stress analysis . unfortunately , the analysis of eda signals is made difficult by the superposition of numerous components which can obscure the signal information related to a user ' s response to a stimulus . we show how simple pre - processing followed by a novel compressed se ←
→ convergence of gradient based pre - training in denoising autoencoders ; the success of deep architectures is at least in part attributed to the layer - by - layer unsupervised pre - training that initializes the network . various papers have reported extensive empirical analysis focusing on the design and implementation of good pre - training procedures . however , an understanding pertaining to the consistency of parameter estimates , the convergence of learning procedures and the sample size estimates is still unavail ←
→ query expansion : term selection using the ewc semantic relatedness measure ; this paper investigates the efficiency of the ewc semantic relatedness measure in an ad - hoc retrieval task . this measure combines the wikipedia - based explicit semantic analysis measure , the wordnet path measure and the mixed collocation index . in the experiments , the open source search engine terrier was utilised as a tool to index and retrieve data . the proposed technique was tested on the ntcir data collection . the experiments ←
→ optimizing differentiable relaxations of coreference evaluation metrics ; coreference evaluation metrics are hard to optimize directly as they are non - differentiable functions , not easily decomposable into elementary decisions . consequently , most approaches optimize objectives only indirectly related to the end goal , resulting in suboptimal performance . instead , we propose a differentiable relaxation that lends itself to gradient - based optimisation , thus bypassing the need for reinforcement learning or heur ←
→ graphconnect : a regularization framework for neural networks ; deep neural networks have proved very successful in domains where large training sets are available , but when the number of training samples is small , their performance suffers from overfitting . prior methods of reducing overfitting such as weight decay , dropout and dropconnect are data - independent . this paper proposes a new method , graphconnect , that is data - dependent , and is motivated by the observation that data of interest lie close to a man ←
→ a review of learning vector quantization classifiers ; in this work we present a review of the state of the art of learning vector quantization ( lvq ) classifiers . a taxonomy is proposed which integrates the most relevant lvq approaches to date . the main concepts associated with modern lvq approaches are defined . a comparison is made among eleven lvq classifiers using one real - world and two artificial datasets .←
→ wordnet2vec : corpora agnostic word vectorization method ; a complex nature of big data resources demands new methods for structuring especially for textual content . wordnet is a good knowledge source for comprehensive abstraction of natural language as its good implementations exist for many languages . since wordnet embeds natural language in the form of a complex network , a transformation mechanism wordnet2vec is proposed in the paper . it creates vectors for each word from wordnet . these vectors encapsulat ←
→ the sample complexity of learning linear predictors with the squared loss ; in this short note , we provide tight sample complexity bounds for learning linear predictors with respect to the squared loss . our focus is on an agnostic setting , where no assumptions are made on the data distribution . this contrasts with standard results in the literature , which either make distributional assumptions , refer to specific parameter settings , or use other performance measures .←
→ towards semantic query segmentation ; query segmentation is one of the critical components for understanding users ' search intent in information retrieval tasks . it involves grouping tokens in the search query into meaningful phrases which help downstream tasks like search relevance and query understanding . in this paper , we propose a novel approach to segment user queries using distributed query embeddings . our key contribution is a supervised approach to the segmentation task using low - dimensional feature ←
→ detecting oriented text in natural images by linking segments ; most state - of - the - art text detection methods are specific to horizontal latin text and are not fast enough for real - time applications . we introduce segment linking ( seglink ), an oriented text detection method . the main idea is to decompose text into two locally detectable elements , namely segments and links . a segment is an oriented box covering a part of a word or text line ; a link connects two adjacent segments , indicating that they belong to ←
→ distributed stochastic multi - task learning with graph regularization ; we propose methods for distributed graph - based multi - task learning that are based on weighted averaging of messages from other machines . uniform averaging or diminishing stepsize in these methods would yield consensus ( single task ) learning . we show how simply skewing the averaging weights or controlling the stepsize allows learning different , but related , tasks on the different machines .←
→ early stage influenza detection from twitter ; influenza is an acute respiratory illness that occurs virtually every year and results in substantial disease , death and expense . detection of influenza in its earliest stage would facilitate timely action that could reduce the spread of the illness . existing systems such as cdc and eiss which try to collect diagnosis data , are almost entirely manual , resulting in about two - week delays for clinical data acquisition . twitter , a popular microblogging service , pro ←
→ hybrid gps - gsm localization of automobile tracking system ; an integrated gps - gsm system is proposed to track vehicles using google earth application . the remote module has a gps mounted on the moving vehicle to identify its current position , and to be transferred by gsm with other parameters acquired by the automobile ' s data port as an sms to a recipient station . the received gps coordinates are filtered using a kalman filter to enhance the accuracy of measured position . after data processing , google earth ←
→ screen content image segmentation using least absolute deviation fitting ; we propose an algorithm for separating the foreground ( mainly text and line graphics ) from the smoothly varying background in screen content images . the proposed method is designed based on the assumption that the background part of the image is smoothly varying and can be represented by a linear combination of a few smoothly varying basis functions , while the foreground text and graphics create sharp discontinuity and cannot be mode ←
→ identification of stable models via nonparametric prediction error methods ; a new bayesian approach to linear system identification has been proposed in a series of recent papers . the main idea is to frame linear system identification as predictor estimation in an infinite dimensional space , with the aid of regularization / bayesian techniques . this approach guarantees the identification of stable predictors based on the prediction error minimization . unluckily , the stability of the predictors does not gua ←
→ the polysemy of the words that children learn over time ; here we study polysemy as a potential learning bias in vocabulary learning in children . we employ a massive set of transcriptions of conversations between children and adults in english , to analyze the evolution of mean polysemy in the words produced by children whose ages range between 10 and 60 months . our results show that mean polysemy in children increases over time in two phases , i . e . a fast growth till the 31st month followed by a slower tende ←
→ emotion : modèle d ' appraisal - coping pour le problème des cascades ; modeling emotion has become a challenge nowadays . therefore , several models have been produced in order to express human emotional activity . however , only a few of them are currently able to express the close relationship existing between emotion and cognition . an appraisal - coping model is presented here , with the aim to simulate the emotional impact caused by the evaluation of a particular situation ( appraisal ), along with the consequent c ←
→ calogan : simulating 3d high energy particle showers in multi - layer electromagnetic calorimeters with generative adversarial networks ; the precise modeling of subatomic particle interactions and propagation through matter is paramount for the advancement of nuclear and particle physics searches and precision measurements . the most computationally expensive step in the simulation pipeline of a typical experiment at the large hadron collider ( lhc ) is the detailed modeling of the full complexity of physics p ←
→ u - phylogeny : undirected provenance graph construction in the wild ; deriving relationships between images and tracing back their history of modifications are at the core of multimedia phylogeny solutions , which aim to combat misinformation through doctored visual media . nonetheless , most recent image phylogeny solutions cannot properly address cases of forged composite images with multiple donors , an area known as multiple parenting phylogeny ( mpp ). this paper presents a preliminary undirected graph constru ←
→ identifying similarities in epileptic patients for drug resistance prediction ; currently , approximately 30 % of epileptic patients treated with antiepileptic drugs ( aeds ) remain resistant to treatment ( known as refractory patients ). this project seeks to understand the underlying similarities in refractory patients vs . other epileptic patients , identify features contributing to drug resistance across underlying phenotypes for refractory patients , and develop predictive models for drug resistance in epilep ←
→ an interpretable and sparse neural network model for nonlinear granger causality discovery ; while most classical approaches to granger causality detection repose upon linear time series assumptions , many interactions in neuroscience and economics applications are nonlinear . we develop an approach to nonlinear granger causality detection using multilayer perceptrons where the input to the network is the past time lags of all series and the output is the future value of a single series . a sufficient condit ←
→ genetic algorithms for extension search in default logic ; a default theory can be characterized by its sets of plausible conclusions , called its extensions . but , due to the theoretical complexity of default logic ( sigma_2p - complete ), the problem of finding such an extension is very difficult if one wants to deal with non trivial knowledge bases . based on the principle of natural selection , genetic algorithms have been quite successfully applied to combinatorial problems and seem useful for problems with hu ←
→ stochastic particle gradient descent for infinite ensembles ; the superior performance of ensemble methods with infinite models are well known . most of these methods are based on optimization problems in infinite - dimensional spaces with some regularization , for instance , boosting methods and convex neural networks use $ l ^ 1 $- regularization with the non - negative constraint . however , due to the difficulty of handling $ l ^ 1 $- regularization , these problems require early stopping or a rough approximation to solve ←
→ discovering characteristic landmarks on ancient coins using convolutional networks ; in this paper , we propose a novel method to find characteristic landmarks on ancient roman imperial coins using deep convolutional neural network models ( cnns ). we formulate an optimization problem to discover class - specific regions while guaranteeing specific controlled loss of accuracy . analysis on visualization of the discovered region confirms that not only can the proposed method successfully find a set of characteri ←
→ deformnet : free - form deformation network for 3d shape reconstruction from a single image ; 3d reconstruction from a single image is a key problem in multiple applications ranging from robotic manipulation to augmented reality . prior methods have tackled this problem through generative models which predict 3d reconstructions as voxels or point clouds . however , these methods can be computationally expensive and miss fine details . we introduce a new differentiable layer for 3d data deformation and use it in ←
→ from neural pca to deep unsupervised learning ; a network supporting deep unsupervised learning is presented . the network is an autoencoder with lateral shortcut connections from the encoder to decoder at each level of the hierarchy . the lateral shortcut connections allow the higher levels of the hierarchy to focus on abstract invariant features . while standard autoencoders are analogous to latent variable models with a single layer of stochastic variables , the proposed network is analogous to hierarchical ←
→ what is holding back convnets for detection ? ; convolutional neural networks have recently shown excellent results in general object detection and many other tasks . albeit very effective , they involve many user - defined design choices . in this paper we want to better understand these choices by inspecting two key aspects " what did the network learn ?", and " what can the network learn ?". we exploit new annotations ( pascal3d +), to enable a new empirical analysis of the r - cnn detector . despite common belief , our ←
→ deep recurrent regression for facial landmark detection ; we propose a novel end - to - end deep architecture for face landmark detection , based on a deep convolutional and deconvolutional network followed by carefully designed recurrent network structures . the pipeline of this architecture consists of three parts . through the first part , we encode an input face image to resolution - preserved deconvolutional feature maps via a deep network with stacked convolutional and deconvolutional layers . then , in the secon ←
→ reinforcement learning based argument component detection ; argument component detection ( acd ) is an important sub - task in argumentation mining . acd aims at detecting and classifying different argument components in natural language texts . historical annotations ( has ) are important features the human annotators consider when they manually perform the acd task . however , has are largely ignored by existing automatic acd techniques . reinforcement learning ( rl ) has proven to be an effective method for using has ←
→ a comprehensive implementation of conceptual spaces ; the highly influential framework of conceptual spaces provides a geometric way of representing knowledge . instances are represented by points and concepts are represented by regions in a ( potentially ) high - dimensional space . based on our recent formalization , we present a comprehensive implementation of the conceptual spaces framework that is not only capable of representing concepts with inter - domain correlations , but that also offers a variety of opera ←
→ scope for machine learning in digital manufacturing ; this provocation paper provides an overview of the underlying optimisation problem in the emerging field of digital manufacturing . initially , this paper discusses how the notion of digital manufacturing is transforming from a term describing a suite of software tools for the integration of production and design functions towards a more general concept incorporating computerised manufacturing and supply chain processes , as well as information collection a ←
→ target fishing : a single - label or multi - label problem ? ; according to cobanoglu et al and murphy , it is now widely acknowledged that the single target paradigm ( one protein or target , one disease , one drug ) that has been the dominant premise in drug development in the recent past is untenable . more often than not , a drug - like compound ( ligand ) can be promiscuous - that is , it can interact with more than one target protein . in recent years , in in silico target prediction methods the promiscuity issue has bee ←
→ an adaptive sampling scheme to efficiently train fully convolutional networks for semantic segmentation ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have shown excellent performance in object recognition tasks and dense classification problems such as semantic segmentation . however , training deep neural networks on large and sparse datasets is still challenging and can require large amounts of computation and memory . in this work , we address the task of performing semantic segmentation on large data sets , ←
→ breaking symmetry with different orderings ; we can break symmetry by eliminating solutions within each symmetry class . for instance , the lex - leader method eliminates all but the smallest solution in the lexicographical ordering . unfortunately , the lex - leader method is intractable in general . we prove that , under modest assumptions , we cannot reduce the worst case complexity of breaking symmetry by using other orderings on solutions . we also prove that a common type of symmetry , where rows and columns in a ←
→ a practical algorithm for topic modeling with provable guarantees ; topic models provide a useful method for dimensionality reduction and exploratory data analysis in large text corpora . most approaches to topic model inference have been based on a maximum likelihood objective . efficient algorithms exist that approximate this objective , but they have no provable guarantees . recently , algorithms have been introduced that provide provable bounds , but these algorithms are not practical because they are ineffic ←
→ bregman distance to l1 regularized logistic regression ; in this work we investigate the relationship between bregman distances and regularized logistic regression model . we present a detailed study of bregman distance minimization , a family of generalized entropy measures associated with convex functions . we convert the l1 - regularized logistic regression into this more general framework and propose a primal - dual method based algorithm for learning the parameters . we pose l1 - regularized logistic regression ←
→ fast lidar - based road detection using fully convolutional neural networks ; in this work , a deep learning approach has been developed to carry out road detection using only lidar data . starting from an unstructured point cloud , top - view images encoding several basic statistics such as mean elevation and density are generated . by considering a top - view representation , road detection is reduced to a single - scale problem that can be addressed with a simple and fast fully convolutional neural network ( fcn ). t ←
→ a general theory of concave regularization for high dimensional sparse estimation problems ; concave regularization methods provide natural procedures for sparse recovery . however , they are difficult to analyze in the high dimensional setting . only recently a few sparse recovery results have been established for some specific local solutions obtained via specialized numerical procedures . still , the fundamental relationship between these solutions such as whether they are identical or their relationship to ←
→ multiple output regression with latent noise ; in high - dimensional data , structured noise caused by observed and unobserved factors affecting multiple target variables simultaneously , imposes a serious challenge for modeling , by masking the often weak signal . therefore , ( 1 ) explaining away the structured noise in multiple - output regression is of paramount importance . additionally , ( 2 ) assumptions about the correlation structure of the regression weights are needed . we note that both can be formulated in a n ←
→ semistochastic quadratic bound methods ; partition functions arise in a variety of settings , including conditional random fields , logistic regression , and latent gaussian models . in this paper , we consider semistochastic quadratic bound ( sqb ) methods for maximum likelihood inference based on partition function optimization . batch methods based on the quadratic bound were recently proposed for this class of problems , and performed favorably in comparison to state - of - the - art techniques . semistochastic methods ←
→ hand keypoint detection in single images using multiview bootstrapping ; we present an approach that uses a multi - camera system to train fine - grained detectors for keypoints that are prone to occlusion , such as the joints of a hand . we call this procedure multiview bootstrapping : first , an initial keypoint detector is used to produce noisy labels in multiple views of the hand . the noisy detections are then triangulated in 3d using multiview geometry or marked as outliers . finally , the reprojected triangulat ←
→ learning semantic similarity for very short texts ; levering data on social media , such as twitter and facebook , requires information retrieval algorithms to become able to relate very short text fragments to each other . traditional text similarity methods such as tf - idf cosine - similarity , based on word overlap , mostly fail to produce good results in this case , since word overlap is little or non - existent . recently , distributed word representations , or word embeddings , have been shown to successfully allow ←
→ ai2 - thor : an interactive 3d environment for visual ai ; we introduce the house of interactions ( thor ), a framework for visual ai research , available at http :// ai2thor . allenai . org . ai2 - thor consists of near photo - realistic 3d indoor scenes , where ai agents can navigate in the scenes and interact with objects to perform tasks . ai2 - thor enables research in many different domains including but not limited to deep reinforcement learning , imitation learning , learning by interaction , planning , visual question answ ←
→ a unifying probabilistic perspective for spectral dimensionality reduction : insights and new models ; we introduce a new perspective on spectral dimensionality reduction which views these methods as gaussian markov random fields ( grfs ). our unifying perspective is based on the maximum entropy principle which is in turn inspired by maximum variance unfolding . the resulting model , which we call maximum entropy unfolding ( meu ) is a nonlinear generalization of principal component analysis . we relate the model ←
→ neuronal spectral analysis of eeg and expert knowledge integration for automatic classification of sleep stages ; being able to analyze and interpret signal coming from electroencephalogram ( eeg ) recording can be of high interest for many applications including medical diagnosis and brain - computer interfaces . indeed , human experts are today able to extract from this signal many hints related to physiological as well as cognitive states of the recorded subject and it would be very interesting to perform su ←
→ fast learning and prediction for object detection using whitened cnn features ; we combine features extracted from pre - trained convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) with the fast , linear exemplar - lda classifier to get the advantages of both : the high detection performance of cnns , automatic feature engineering , fast model learning from few training samples and efficient sliding - window detection . the adaptive real - time object detection system ( artos ) has been refactored broadly to be used in combination wit ←
→ coupling top - down and bottom - up methods for 3d human pose and shape estimation from monocular image sequences ; until recently intelligence , surveillance , and reconnaissance ( isr ) focused on acquiring behavioral information of the targets and their activities . continuous evolution of intelligence being gathered of the human centric activities has put increased focus on the humans , especially inferring their innate characteristics - size , shapes and physiology . these bio - signatures extracted from the surve ←
→ causalgan : learning causal implicit generative models with adversarial training ; we propose an adversarial training procedure for learning a causal implicit generative model for a given causal graph . we show that adversarial training can be used to learn a generative model with true observational and interventional distributions if the generator architecture is consistent with the given causal graph . we consider the application of generating faces based on given binary labels where the dependency structu ←
→ a generic global constraint based on mdds ; the paper suggests the use of multi - valued decision diagrams ( mdds ) as the supporting data structure for a generic global constraint . we give an algorithm for maintaining generalized arc consistency ( gac ) on this constraint that amortizes the cost of the gac computation over a root - to - terminal path in the search tree . the technique used is an extension of the gac algorithm for the regular language constraint on finite length input . our approach adds support for sk ←
→ multimodal content analysis for effective advertisements on youtube ; the rapid advances in e - commerce and web 2 . 0 technologies have greatly increased the impact of commercial advertisements on the general public . as a key enabling technology , a multitude of recommender systems exists which analyzes user features and browsing patterns to recommend appealing advertisements to users . in this work , we seek to study the characteristics or attributes that characterize an effective advertisement and recommend a u ←
→ skeleton - based action recognition with convolutional neural networks ; current state - of - the - art approaches to skeleton - based action recognition are mostly based on recurrent neural networks ( rnn ). in this paper , we propose a novel convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) based framework for both action classification and detection . raw skeleton coordinates as well as skeleton motion are fed directly into cnn for label prediction . a novel skeleton transformer module is designed to rearrange and select important s ←
→ human expert fusion for image classification ; in image classification , merging the opinion of several human experts is very important for different tasks such as the evaluation or the training . indeed , the ground truth is rarely known before the scene imaging . we propose here different models in order to fuse the informations given by two or more experts . the considered unit for the classification , a small tile of the image , can contain one or more kind of the considered classes given by the experts . a sec ←
→ end - to - end learning of deterministic decision trees ; conventional decision trees have a number of favorable properties , including interpretability , a small computational footprint and the ability to learn from little training data . however , they lack a key quality that has helped fuel the deep learning revolution : that of being end - to - end trainable , and to learn from scratch those features that best allow to solve a given supervised learning problem . recent work ( kontschieder 2015 ) has addressed this defic ←
→ an incremental self - organizing architecture for sensorimotor learning and prediction ; during visuomotor tasks , robots must compensate for temporal delays inherent in their sensorimotor processing systems . delay compensation becomes crucial in a dynamic environment where the visual input is constantly changing , e . g ., during the interacting with a human demonstrator . for this purpose , the robot must be equipped with a prediction mechanism for using the acquired perceptual experience to estimate possible fu ←
→ detection of salient regions in crowded scenes ; the increasing number of cameras and a handful of human operators to monitor the video inputs from hundreds of cameras leave the system ill equipped to fulfil the task of detecting anomalies . thus , there is a dire need to automatically detect regions that require immediate attention for a more effective and proactive surveillance . we propose a framework that utilises the temporal variations in the flow field of a crowd scene to automatically detect salient re ←
→ face verification using boosted cross - image features ; this paper proposes a new approach for face verification , where a pair of images needs to be classified as belonging to the same person or not . this problem is relatively new and not well - explored in the literature . current methods mostly adopt techniques borrowed from face recognition , and process each of the images in the pair independently , which is counter intuitive . in contrast , we propose to extract cross - image features , i . e . features across the p ←
→ audiovisual analytics vocabulary and ontology ( aavo ): initial core and example expansion ; visual analytics might be defined as data mining assisted by interactive visual interfaces . the field has been receiving prominent consideration by researchers , developers and the industry . the literature , however , is complex because it involves multiple fields of knowledge and is considerably recent . in this article we describe an initial tentative organization of the knowledge in the field as an owl ontology and a ←
→ efficient value of information computation ; one of the most useful sensitivity analysis techniques of decision analysis is the computation of value of information ( or clairvoyance ), the difference in value obtained by changing the decisions by which some of the uncertainties are observed . in this paper , some simple but powerful extensions to previous algorithms are introduced which allow an efficient value of information calculation on the rooted cluster tree ( or strong junction tree ) used to solve the ori ←
→ deep recurrent neural networks for sequential phenotype prediction in genomics ; in analyzing of modern biological data , we are often dealing with ill - posed problems and missing data , mostly due to high dimensionality and multicollinearity of the dataset . in this paper , we have proposed a system based on matrix factorization ( mf ) and deep recurrent neural networks ( drnns ) for genotype imputation and phenotype sequences prediction . in order to model the long - term dependencies of phenotype data , the new rec ←
→ application of kullback - leibler metric to speech recognition ; article discusses the application of kullback - leibler divergence to the recognition of speech signals and suggests three algorithms implementing this divergence criterion : correlation algorithm , spectral algorithm and filter algorithm . discussion covers an approach to the problem of speech variability and is illustrated with the results of experimental modeling of speech signals . the article gives a number of recommendations on the choice of app ←
→ simulated annealing algorithm for graph coloring ; the goal of this random walks project is to code and experiment the markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) method for the problem of graph coloring . in this report , we present the plots of cost function \(\ mathbf { h }\) by varying the parameters like \(\ mathbf { q }\) ( number of colors that can be used in coloring ) and \(\ mathbf { c }\) ( average node degree ). the results are obtained by using simulated annealing scheme , where the temperature ( inverse of \(\ mathbf {\ beta }\)←
→ adapting resilient propagation for deep learning ; the resilient propagation ( rprop ) algorithm has been very popular for backpropagation training of multilayer feed - forward neural networks in various applications . the standard rprop however encounters difficulties in the context of deep neural networks as typically happens with gradient - based learning algorithms . in this paper , we propose a modification of the rprop that combines standard rprop steps with a special drop out technique . we apply the method fo ←
→ image retargeting via beltrami representation ; image retargeting aims to resize an image to one with a prescribed aspect ratio . simple scaling inevitably introduces unnatural geometric distortions on the important content of the image . in this paper , we propose a simple and yet effective method to resize an image , which preserves the geometry of the important content , using the beltrami representation . our algorithm allows users to interactively label content regions as well as line structures . image resiz ←
→ source camera identification based on content - adaptive fusion network ; source camera identification is still a hard task in forensics community , especially for the case of the small query image size . in this paper , we propose a solution to identify the source camera of the small - size images : content - adaptive fusion network . in order to learn better feature representation from the input data , content - adaptive convolutional neural networks ( ca - cnn ) are constructed . we add a convolutional layer in preprocessin ←
→ learning background - aware correlation filters for visual tracking ; correlation filters ( cfs ) have recently demonstrated excellent performance in terms of rapidly tracking objects under challenging photometric and geometric variations . the strength of the approach comes from its ability to efficiently learn - " on the fly " - how the object is changing over time . a fundamental drawback to cfs , however , is that the background of the object is not be modelled over time which can result in suboptimal results . in ←
→ object detection in videos with tubelet proposal networks ; object detection in videos has drawn increasing attention recently with the introduction of the large - scale imagenet vid dataset . different from object detection in static images , temporal information in videos is vital for object detection . to fully utilize temporal information , state - of - the - art methods are based on spatiotemporal tubelets , which are essentially sequences of associated bounding boxes across time . however , the existing methods have ←
→ learning spatial - aware regressions for visual tracking ; in this paper , we analyze the spatial information of deep features , and propose two complementary regressions for robust visual tracking . first , we propose a kernelized ridge regression model wherein the kernel value is defined as the weighted sum of similarity scores of all pairs of patches between two samples . we show that this model can be formulated as a neural network and thus can be efficiently solved . second , we propose a fully convolutional ne ←
→ algorithms for weighted boolean optimization ; the pseudo - boolean optimization ( pbo ) and maximum satisfiability ( maxsat ) problems are natural optimization extensions of boolean satisfiability ( sat ). in the recent past , different algorithms have been proposed for pbo and for maxsat , despite the existence of straightforward mappings from pbo to maxsat and vice - versa . this papers proposes weighted boolean optimization ( wbo ), a new unified framework that aggregates and extends pbo and maxsat . in addition , the ←
→ lattice rescoring strategies for long short term memory language models in speech recognition ; recurrent neural network ( rnn ) language models ( lms ) and long short term memory ( lstm ) lms , a variant of rnn lms , have been shown to outperform traditional n - gram lms on speech recognition tasks . however , these models are computationally more expensive than n - gram lms for decoding , and thus , challenging to integrate into speech recognizers . recent research has proposed the use of lattice - rescoring algorithms us ←
→ a miniature - based image retrieval system ; due to the rapid development of world wide web ( www ) and imaging technology , more and more images are available in the internet and stored in databases . searching the related images by the querying image is becoming tedious and difficult . most of the images on the web are compressed by methods based on discrete cosine transform ( dct ) including joint photographic experts group ( jpeg ) and h . 261 . this paper presents an efficient content - based image indexing technique f ←
→ analysis of kelner and levin graph sparsification algorithm for a streaming setting ; we derive a new proof to show that the incremental resparsification algorithm proposed by kelner and levin ( 2013 ) produces a spectral sparsifier in high probability . we rigorously take into account the dependencies across subsequent resparsifications using martingale inequalities , fixing a flaw in the original analysis .←
→ introduction to the idian ; the idian ( previously named as the operation agent system ) is a framework designed to enable computer users to operate software in natural language . distinct from current speech - recognition systems , our solution supports format - free combinations of orders , and is open to both developers and customers . we used a multi - layer structure to build the entire framework , approached rule - based natural language processing , and implemented demos narrowing down to windows , text - editing and a ←
→ on the organization of grid and place cells : neural de - noising via subspace learning ; place cells in the hippocampus are active when an animal visits a certain locations ( referred to as place fields ) within an environment and remain silent otherwise . grid cells in the medial entorhinal cortex ( mec ) respond at multiple locations , with firing fields that exhibit a hexagonally symmetric periodic pattern . the joint activity of grid and place cell populations , as a function of location , forms a neural code fo ←
→ another look at quantum neural computing ; the term quantum neural computing indicates a unity in the functioning of the brain . it assumes that the neural structures perform classical processing and that the virtual particles associated with the dynamical states of the structures define the underlying quantum state . we revisit the concept and also summarize new arguments related to the learning modes of the brain in response to sensory input that may be aggregated in three types : associative , reorganization ←
→ single image action recognition using semantic body part actions ; in this paper , we propose a novel single image action recognition algorithm which is based on the idea of semantic body part actions . unlike existing bottom up methods , we argue that the human action is a combination of meaningful body part actions . in detail , we divide human body into five parts : head , torso , arms , hands and legs . and for each of the body parts , we define several semantic body part actions , e . g ., hand holding , hand waving . ←
→ interpretation of neural networks is fragile ; in order for machine learning to be deployed and trusted in many applications , it is crucial to be able to reliably explain why the machine learning algorithm makes certain predictions . for example , if an algorithm classifies a given pathology image to be a malignant tumor , then the doctor may need to know which parts of the image led the algorithm to this classification . how to interpret black - box predictors is thus an important and active area of research . a ←
→ distributional modeling on a diet : one - shot word learning from text only ; we test whether distributional models can do one - shot learning of definitional properties from text only . using bayesian models , we find that first learning overarching structure in the known data , regularities in textual contexts and in properties , helps one - shot learning , and that individual context items can be highly informative . our experiments show that our model can learn properties from a single exposure when given an informa ←
→ large scale modeling of antimicrobial resistance with interpretable classifiers ; antimicrobial resistance is an important public health concern that has implications in the practice of medicine worldwide . accurately predicting resistance phenotypes from genome sequences shows great promise in promoting better use of antimicrobial agents , by determining which antibiotics are likely to be effective in specific clinical cases . in healthcare , this would allow for the design of treatment plans tailored for sp ←
→ generalization of erm in stochastic convex optimization : the dimension strikes back ; in stochastic convex optimization the goal is to minimize a convex function $ f ( x ) \ doteq {\ mathbf e } _ {{\ mathbf f }\ sim d }[{\ mathbf f }( x )]$ over a convex set $\ cal k \ subset {\ mathbb r }^ d $ where $ d $ is some unknown distribution and each $ f (\ cdot )$ in the support of $ d $ is convex over $\ cal k $. the optimization is commonly based on i . i . d .~ samples $ f ^ 1 , f ^ 2 ,\ ldots , f ^ n $ from $ d $. a standard approach to such problems is empiric ←
→ pupilnet v2 . 0 : convolutional neural networks for cpu based real time robust pupil detection ; real - time , accurate , and robust pupil detection is an essential prerequisite for pervasive video - based eye - tracking . however , automated pupil detection in realworld scenarios has proven to be an intricate challenge due to fast illumination changes , pupil occlusion , non - centered and off - axis eye recording , as well as physiological eye characteristics . in this paper , we approach this challenge through : i ) a convolu ←
→ single - queue decoding for neural machine translation ; neural machine translation models rely on the beam search algorithm for decoding . in practice , we found that the quality of hypotheses in the search space is negatively affected owing to the fixed beam size . to mitigate this problem , we store all hypotheses in a single priority queue and use a universal score function for hypothesis selection . the proposed algorithm is more flexible as the discarded hypotheses can be revisited in a later step . we furthe ←
→ my first deep learning system of 1991 + deep learning timeline 1962 - 2013 ; deep learning has attracted significant attention in recent years . here i present a brief overview of my first deep learner of 1991 , and its historic context , with a timeline of deep learning highlights .←
→ a deep generative model for gene expression profiles from single - cell rna sequencing ; we propose a probabilistic model for interpreting gene expression levels that are observed through single - cell rna sequencing . in the model , each cell has a low - dimensional latent representation . additional latent variables account for technical effects that may erroneously set some observations of gene expression levels to zero . conditional distributions are specified by neural networks , giving the proposed model enoug ←
→ properties of aba + for non - monotonic reasoning ; we investigate properties of aba +, a formalism that extends the well studied structured argumentation formalism assumption - based argumentation ( aba ) with a preference handling mechanism . in particular , we establish desirable properties that aba + semantics exhibit . these pave way to the satisfaction by aba + of some ( arguably ) desirable principles of preference handling in argumentation and nonmonotonic reasoning , as well as non - monotonic inference properties o ←
→ object categorization in finer levels requires higher spatial frequencies , and therefore takes longer ; the human visual system contains a hierarchical sequence of modules that take part in visual perception at different levels of abstraction , i . e ., superordinate , basic , and subordinate levels . one important question is to identify the " entry " level at which the visual representation is commenced in the process of object recognition . for a long time , it was believed that the basic level had advantage over ←
→ on validating boolean optimizers ; boolean optimization finds a wide range of application domains , that motivated a number of different organizations of boolean optimizers since the mid 90s . some of the most successful approaches are based on iterative calls to an np oracle , using either linear search , binary search or the identification of unsatisfiable sub - formulas . the increasing use of boolean optimizers in practical settings raises the question of confidence in computed results . for example , the issue ←
→ a probabilistic analysis of marker - passing techniques for plan - recognition ; useless paths are a chronic problem for marker - passing techniques . we use a probabilistic analysis to justify a method for quickly identifying and rejecting useless paths . using the same analysis , we identify key conditions and assumptions necessary for marker - passing to perform well .←
→ local stability and robustness of sparse dictionary learning in the presence of noise ; a popular approach within the signal processing and machine learning communities consists in modelling signals as sparse linear combinations of atoms selected from a learned dictionary . while this paradigm has led to numerous empirical successes in various fields ranging from image to audio processing , there have only been a few theoretical arguments supporting these evidences . in particular , sparse coding , or sparse d ←
→ learning hand - eye coordination for robotic grasping with deep learning and large - scale data collection ; we describe a learning - based approach to hand - eye coordination for robotic grasping from monocular images . to learn hand - eye coordination for grasping , we trained a large convolutional neural network to predict the probability that task - space motion of the gripper will result in successful grasps , using only monocular camera images and independently of camera calibration or the current robot pose . this ←
→ learning the nonlinear geometry of high - dimensional data : models and algorithms ; modern information processing relies on the axiom that high - dimensional data lie near low - dimensional geometric structures . this paper revisits the problem of data - driven learning of these geometric structures and puts forth two new nonlinear geometric models for data describing " related " objects / phenomena . the first one of these models straddles the two extremes of the subspace model and the union - of - subspaces model , and is ←
→ knowledge and uncertainty ; one purpose -- quite a few thinkers would say the main purpose -- of seeking knowledge about the world is to enhance our ability to make good decisions . an item of knowledge that can make no conceivable difference with regard to anything we might do would strike many as frivolous . whether or not we want to be philosophical pragmatists in this strong sense with regard to everything we might want to enquire about , it seems a perfectly appropriate attitude to adopt toward artificial ←
→ nonconvex sparse learning via stochastic optimization with progressive variance reduction ; we propose a stochastic variance reduced optimization algorithm for solving sparse learning problems with cardinality constraints . sufficient conditions are provided , under which the proposed algorithm enjoys strong linear convergence guarantees and optimal estimation accuracy in high dimensions . we further extend the proposed algorithm to an asynchronous parallel variant with a near linear speedup . numerical exper ←
→ a microwave imaging and enhancement technique from noisy synthetic data ; an inverse iterative algorithm for microwave imaging based on moment method solution is presented here . the iterative scheme has been developed on constrained optimization technique and is certain to converge . different mesh size for the model has been used here to overcome the inverse crime . the synthetic data at the receivers is contaminated with different percentage of noise . the ill - posedness of the problem is solved by levenberg -←
→ optimizing prediction intervals by tuning random forest via meta - validation ; recent studies have shown that tuning prediction models increases prediction accuracy and that random forest can be used to construct prediction intervals . however , to our best knowledge , no study has investigated the need to , and the manner in which one can , tune random forest for optimizing prediction intervals { this paper aims to fill this gap . we explore a tuning approach that combines an effectively exhaustive search with ←
→ symmetric variational autoencoder and connections to adversarial learning ; a new form of the variational autoencoder ( vae ) is proposed , based on the symmetric kullback - leibler divergence . it is demonstrated that learning of the resulting symmetric vae ( svae ) has close connections to previously developed adversarial - learning methods . this relationship helps unify the previously distinct techniques of vae and adversarially learning , and provides insights that allow us to ameliorate shortcomings with some p ←
→ the optional prisoner ' s dilemma in a spatial environment : coevolving game strategy and link weights ; in this paper , the optional prisoner ' s dilemma game in a spatial environment , with coevolutionary rules for both the strategy and network links between agents , is studied . using a monte carlo simulation approach , a number of experiments are performed to identify favourable configurations of the environment for the emergence of cooperation in adverse scenarios . results show that abstainers play a key role ←
→ graph convolutional networks for classification with a structured label space ; it is a usual practice to ignore any structural information underlying classes in multi - class classification . in this paper , we propose a graph convolutional network ( gcn ) augmented neural network classifier to exploit a known , underlying graph structure of labels . the proposed approach resembles an ( approximate ) inference procedure in , for instance , a conditional random field ( crf ). we evaluate the proposed approach on docume ←
→ simultaneously learning neighborship and projection matrix for supervised dimensionality reduction ; explicitly or implicitly , most of dimensionality reduction methods need to determine which samples are neighbors and the similarity between the neighbors in the original highdimensional space . the projection matrix is then learned on the assumption that the neighborhood information ( e . g ., the similarity ) is known and fixed prior to learning . however , it is difficult to precisely measure the intrinsic simil ←
→ unsupervised ranking of multi - attribute objects based on principal curves ; unsupervised ranking faces one critical challenge in evaluation applications , that is , no ground truth is available . when pagerank and its variants show a good solution in related subjects , they are applicable only for ranking from link - structure data . in this work , we focus on unsupervised ranking from multi - attribute data which is also common in evaluation tasks . to overcome the challenge , we propose five essential meta - rules fo ←
→ attentive convolutional neural network based speech emotion recognition : a study on the impact of input features , signal length , and acted speech ; speech emotion recognition is an important and challenging task in the realm of human - computer interaction . prior work proposed a variety of models and feature sets for training a system . in this work , we conduct extensive experiments using an attentive convolutional neural network with multi - view learning objective function . we compare system performance usin ←
→ physical modeling techniques in active contours for image segmentation ; physical modeling method , represented by simulation and visualization of the principles in physics , is introduced in the shape extraction of the active contours . the objectives of adopting this concept are to address the several major difficulties in the application of active contours . primarily , a technique is developed to realize the topological changes of parametric active contours ( snakes ). the key strategy is to imitate the proces ←
→ prediction with expert advice in games with unbounded one - step gains ; the games of prediction with expert advice are considered in this paper . we present some modification of kalai and vempala algorithm of following the perturbed leader for the case of unrestrictedly large one - step gains . we show that in general case the cumulative gain of any probabilistic prediction algorithm can be much worse than the gain of some expert of the pool . nevertheless , we give the lower bound for this cumulative gain in gene ←
→ machine recognition of hand written characters using neural networks ; even today in twenty first century handwritten communication has its own stand and most of the times , in daily life it is globally using as means of communication and recording the information like to be shared with others . challenges in handwritten characters recognition wholly lie in the variation and distortion of handwritten characters , since different people may use different style of handwriting , and direction to draw the same shap ←
→ random shuffling and resets for the non - stationary stochastic bandit problem ; we consider a non - stationary formulation of the stochastic multi - armed bandit where the rewards are no longer assumed to be identically distributed . for the best - arm identification task , we introduce a version of successive elimination based on random shuffling of the $ k $ arms . we prove that under a novel and mild assumption on the mean gap $\ delta $, this simple but powerful modification achieves the same guarantees in term of ←
→ applying discrete pca in data analysis ; methods for analysis of principal components in discrete data have existed for some time under various names such as grade of membership modelling , probabilistic latent semantic analysis , and genotype inference with admixture . in this paper we explore a number of extensions to the common theory , and present some application of these methods to some common statistical tasks . we show that these methods can be interpreted as a discrete version of ica . we develop a hiera ←
→ gradient - based regularization parameter selection for problems with non - smooth penalty functions ; in high - dimensional and / or non - parametric regression problems , regularization ( or penalization ) is used to control model complexity and induce desired structure . each penalty has a weight parameter that indicates how strongly the structure corresponding to that penalty should be enforced . typically the parameters are chosen to minimize the error on a separate validation set using a simple grid search or a gr ←
→ simultaneous tensor completion and denoising by noise inequality constrained convex optimization ; tensor completion is a technique of filling missing elements of the incomplete data tensors . it being actively studied based on the convex optimization scheme such as nuclear - norm minimization . when given data tensors include some noises , the nuclear - norm minimization problem is usually converted to the nuclear - norm ` regularization ' problem which simultaneously minimize penalty and error terms with some trad ←
→ computationally efficient algorithms for statistical image processing . implementation in r ; in the series of our earlier papers on the subject , we proposed a novel statistical hypothesis testing method for detection of objects in noisy images . the method uses results from percolation theory and random graph theory . we developed algorithms that allowed to detect objects of unknown shapes in the presence of nonparametric noise of unknown level and of unknown distribution . no boundary shape constraints were ←
→ a framework for robust object multi - detection with a vote aggregation and a cascade filtering ; this paper presents a framework designed for the multi - object detection purposes and adjusted for the application of product search on the market shelves . the framework uses a single feedback loop and a pattern resizing mechanism to demonstrate the top effectiveness of the state - of - the - art local features . a high detection rate with a low false detection chance can be achieved with use of only one pattern per ob ←
→ fcn - rlstm : deep spatio - temporal neural networks for vehicle counting in city cameras ; in this paper , we develop deep spatio - temporal neural networks to sequentially count vehicles from low quality videos captured by city cameras ( citycams ). citycam videos have low resolution , low frame rate , high occlusion and large perspective , making most existing methods lose their efficacy . to overcome limitations of existing methods and incorporate the temporal information of traffic video , we design a novel fcn - rls ←
→ identifying confounders using additive noise models ; we propose a method for inferring the existence of a latent common cause (' confounder ') of two observed random variables . the method assumes that the two effects of the confounder are ( possibly nonlinear ) functions of the confounder plus independent , additive noise . we discuss under which conditions the model is identifiable ( up to an arbitrary reparameterization of the confounder ) from the joint distribution of the effects . we state and prove a theoreti ←
→ mixed neural network approach for temporal sleep stage classification ; this paper proposes a practical approach to addressing limitations posed by use of single active electrodes in applications for sleep stage classification . electroencephalography ( eeg )- based characterizations of sleep stage progression contribute the diagnosis and monitoring of the many pathologies of sleep . several prior reports have explored ways of automating the analysis of sleep eeg and of reducing the complexity of the data needed ←
→ smc faster r - cnn : toward a scene - specialized multi - object detector ; generally , the performance of a generic detector decreases significantly when it is tested on a specific scene due to the large variation between the source training dataset and the samples from the target scene . to solve this problem , we propose a new formalism of transfer learning based on the theory of a sequential monte carlo ( smc ) filter to automatically specialize a scene - specific faster r - cnn detector . the suggested framework uses d ←
→ asymmetric kernel in gaussian processes for learning target variance ; this work incorporates the multi - modality of the data distribution into a gaussian process regression model . we approach the problem from a discriminative perspective by learning , jointly over the training data , the target space variance in the neighborhood of a certain sample through metric learning . we start by using data centers rather than all training samples . subsequently , each center selects an individualized kernel metric . this e ←
→ anomaly detection and motif discovery in symbolic representations of time series ; the advent of the big data hype and the consistent recollection of event logs and real - time data from sensors , monitoring software and machine configuration has generated a huge amount of time - varying data in about every sector of the industry . rule - based processing of such data has ceased to be relevant in many scenarios where anomaly detection and pattern mining have to be entirely accomplished by the machine . since the e ←
→ a biologically realistic model of saccadic eye control with probabilistic population codes ; the posterior parietal cortex is believed to direct eye movements , especially in regards to target tracking tasks , and a number of debates exist over the precise nature of the computations performed by the parietal cortex , with each side supported by different sets of biological evidence . in this paper i will present my model which navigates a course between some of these debates , towards the end of presenting a m ←
→ spontaneous analogy by piggybacking on a perceptual system ; most computational models of analogy assume they are given a delineated source domain and often a specified target domain . these systems do not address how analogs can be isolated from large domains and spontaneously retrieved from long - term memory , a process we call spontaneous analogy . we present a system that represents relational structures as feature bags . using this representation , our system leverages perceptual algorithms to automatically ←
→ classes for fast maximum entropy training ; maximum entropy models are considered by many to be one of the most promising avenues of language modeling research . unfortunately , long training times make maximum entropy research difficult . we present a novel speedup technique : we change the form of the model to use classes . our speedup works by creating two maximum entropy models , the first of which predicts the class of each word , and the second of which predicts the word itself . this factoring of the model l ←
→ a novel approach of harris corner detection of noisy images using adaptive wavelet thresholding technique ; in this paper we propose a method of corner detection for obtaining features which is required to track and recognize objects within a noisy image . corner detection of noisy images is a challenging task in image processing . natural images often get corrupted by noise during acquisition and transmission . though corner detection of these noisy images does not provide desired results , hence de - noising ←
→ intelligent semantic web search engines : a brief survey ; the world wide web ( www ) allows the people to share the information ( data ) from the large database repositories globally . the amount of information grows billions of databases . we need to search the information will specialize tools known generically search engine . there are many of search engines available today , retrieving meaningful information is difficult . however to overcome this problem in search engines to retrieve meaningful information inte ←
→ improving hypernymy detection with an integrated path - based and distributional method ; detecting hypernymy relations is a key task in nlp , which is addressed in the literature using two complementary approaches . distributional methods , whose supervised variants are the current best performers , and path - based methods , which received less research attention . we suggest an improved path - based algorithm , in which the dependency paths are encoded using a recurrent neural network , that achieves results compara ←
→ semi - supervised learning with context - conditional generative adversarial networks ; we introduce a simple semi - supervised learning approach for images based on in - painting using an adversarial loss . images with random patches removed are presented to a generator whose task is to fill in the hole , based on the surrounding pixels . the in - painted images are then presented to a discriminator network that judges if they are real ( unaltered training images ) or not . this task acts as a regularizer for standard s ←
→ on the convergence properties of a $ k $- step averaging stochastic gradient descent algorithm for nonconvex optimization ; despite their popularity , the practical performance of asynchronous stochastic gradient descent methods ( asgd ) for solving large scale machine learning problems are not as good as theoretical results indicate . we adopt and analyze a synchronous k - step averaging stochastic gradient descent algorithm which we call k - avg . we establish the convergence results of k - avg for nonconvex objectiv ←
→ understanding anatomy classification through attentive response maps ; one of the main challenges for broad adoption of deep learning based models such as convolutional neural networks ( cnn ), is the lack of understanding of their decisions . in many applications , a simpler , less capable model that can be easily understood is favorable to a black - box model that has superior performance . in this paper , we present an approach for designing cnns based on visualization of the internal activations of the model . we ←
→ noisy tensor completion for tensors with a sparse canonical polyadic factor ; in this paper we study the problem of noisy tensor completion for tensors that admit a canonical polyadic or candecomp / parafac ( cp ) decomposition with one of the factors being sparse . we present general theoretical error bounds for an estimate obtained by using a complexity - regularized maximum likelihood principle and then instantiate these bounds for the case of additive white gaussian noise . we also provide an admm - type algori ←
→ disentangling 3d pose in a dendritic cnn for unconstrained 2d face alignment ; heatmap regression has been used for landmark localization for quite a while now . most of the methods use a very deep stack of bottleneck modules for heatmap classification stage , followed by heatmap regression to extract the keypoints . in this paper , we present a single dendritic cnn , termed as pose conditioned dendritic convolution neural network ( pcd - cnn ), where a classification network is followed by a second and modular cl ←
→ multiple functional regression with both discrete and continuous covariates ; in this paper we present a nonparametric method for extending functional regression methodology to the situation where more than one functional covariate is used to predict a functional response . borrowing the idea from kadri et al . ( 2010a ), the method , which support mixed discrete and continuous explanatory variables , is based on estimating a function - valued function in reproducing kernel hilbert spaces by virtue of positive op ←
→ language - depedent i - vectors for lre15 ; a standard recipe for spoken language recognition is to apply a gaussian back - end to i - vectors . this ignores the uncertainty in the i - vector extraction , which could be important especially for short utterances . a recent paper by cumani , plchot and fer proposes a solution to propagate that uncertainty into the backend . we propose an alternative method of propagating the uncertainty .←
→ optimal parameter selection for unsupervised neural network using genetic algorithm ; k - means fast learning artificial neural network ( k - flann ) is an unsupervised neural network requires two parameters : tolerance and vigilance . best clustering results are feasible only by finest parameters specified to the neural network . selecting optimal values for these parameters is a major problem . to solve this issue , genetic algorithm ( ga ) is used to determine optimal parameters of k - flann for finding groups in mul ←
→ assamese - english bilingual machine translation ; machine translation is the process of translating text from one language to another . in this paper , statistical machine translation is done on assamese and english language by taking their respective parallel corpus . a statistical phrase based translation toolkit moses is used here . to develop the language model and to align the words we used two another tools irstlm , giza respectively . bleu score is used to check our translation system performance , how good ←
→ a novel regularized principal graph learning framework on explicit graph representation ; many scientific datasets are of high dimension , and the analysis usually requires visual manipulation by retaining the most important structures of data . principal curve is a widely used approach for this purpose . however , many existing methods work only for data with structures that are not self - intersected , which is quite restrictive for real applications . a few methods can overcome the above problem , but they eith ←
→ arkref : a rule - based coreference resolution system ; arkref is a tool for noun phrase coreference . it is a deterministic , rule - based system that uses syntactic information from a constituent parser , and semantic information from an entity recognition component . its architecture is based on the work of haghighi and klein ( 2009 ). arkref was originally written in 2009 . at the time of writing , the last released version was in march 2011 . this document describes that version , which is open - source and publicly av ←
→ learning to warm - start bayesian hyperparameter optimization ; hyperparameter optimization undergoes extensive evaluations of validation errors in order to find its best configuration . bayesian optimization is now popular for hyperparameter optimization , since it reduces the number of validation error evaluations required . suppose that we are given a collection of datasets on which hyperparameters are already tuned by either humans with domain expertise or extensive trials of cross - validation . when a model i ←
→ inductive logic boosting ; recent years have seen a surge of interest in probabilistic logic programming ( plp ) and statistical relational learning ( srl ) models that combine logic with probabilities . structure learning of these systems is an intersection area of inductive logic programming ( ilp ) and statistical learning ( sl ). however , ilp cannot deal with probabilities , sl cannot model relational hypothesis . the biggest challenge of integrating these two machine learning frameworks is how to estimate the pro ←
→ what will i do next ? the intention from motion experiment ; in computer vision , video - based approaches have been widely explored for the early classification and the prediction of actions or activities . however , it remains unclear whether this modality ( as compared to 3d kinematics ) can still be reliable for the prediction of human intentions , defined as the overarching goal embedded in an action sequence . since the same action can be performed with different intentions , this problem is more challenging but ←
→ variance regularizing adversarial learning ; we introduce a novel approach for training adversarial models by replacing the discriminator score with a bi - modal gaussian distribution over the real / fake indicator variables . in order to do this , we train the gaussian classifier to match the target bi - modal distribution implicitly through meta - adversarial training . we hypothesize that this approach ensures a non - zero gradient to the generator , even in the limit of a perfect classifier . we test our method agains ←
→ the artists who forged themselves : detecting creativity in art ; creativity and the understanding of cognitive processes involved in the creative process are relevant to all of human activities . comprehension of creativity in the arts is of special interest due to the involvement of many scientific and non scientific disciplines . using digital representation of paintings , we show that creative process in painting art may be objectively recognized within the mathematical framework of self organization , a pro ←
→ personalized medical treatments using novel reinforcement learning algorithms ; in both the fields of computer science and medicine there is very strong interest in developing personalized treatment policies for patients who have variable responses to treatments . in particular , i aim to find an optimal personalized treatment policy which is a non - deterministic function of the patient specific covariate data that maximizes the expected survival time or clinical outcome . i developed an algorithmic framework ←
→ pseudo - labels for supervised learning on dynamic vision sensor data , applied to object detection under ego - motion ; in recent years , dynamic vision sensors ( dvs ), also known as event - based cameras or neuromorphic sensors , have seen increased use due to various advantages over conventional frame - based cameras . using principles inspired by the retina , its high temporal resolution overcomes motion blurring , its high dynamic range overcomes extreme illumination conditions and its low power consumption makes i ←
→ semantic parsing to probabilistic programs for situated question answering ; situated question answering is the problem of answering questions about an environment such as an image or diagram . this problem requires jointly interpreting a question and an environment using background knowledge to select the correct answer . we present parsing to probabilistic programs ( p3 ), a novel situated question answering model that can use background knowledge and global features of the question / environment interpretati ←
→ mamadroid : detecting android malware by building markov chains of behavioral models ( extended version ) ; as android becomes increasingly popular , so does malware targeting it , this motivating the research community to propose many different detection techniques . however , the constant evolution of the android ecosystem , and of malware itself , makes it hard to design robust tools that can operate for long periods of time without the need for modifications or costly re - training . aiming to address this issue ,←
→ toward guaranteed illumination models for non - convex objects ; illumination variation remains a central challenge in object detection and recognition . existing analyses of illumination variation typically pertain to convex , lambertian objects , and guarantee quality of approximation in an average case sense . we show that it is possible to build v ( vertex )- description convex cone models with worst - case performance guarantees , for non - convex lambertian objects . namely , a natural verification test based on the a ←
→ deep learning and music adversaries ; an adversary is essentially an algorithm intent on making a classification system perform in some particular way given an input , e . g ., increase the probability of a false negative . recent work builds adversaries for deep learning systems applied to image object recognition , which exploits the parameters of the system to find the minimal perturbation of the input image such that the network misclassifies it with high confidence . we adapt this approach to construct and de ←
→ online forecasting matrix factorization ; in this paper the problem of forecasting high dimensional time series is considered . such time series can be modeled as matrices where each column denotes a measurement . in addition , when missing values are present , low rank matrix factorization approaches are suitable for predicting future values . this paper formally defines and analyzes the forecasting problem in the online setting , i . e . where the data arrives as a stream and only a single pass is allowed . we pres ←
→ parameter sharing deep deterministic policy gradient for cooperative multi - agent reinforcement learning ; deep reinforcement learning for multi - agent cooperation and competition has been a hot topic recently . this paper focuses on cooperative multi - agent problem based on actor - critic methods under local observations settings . multi agent deep deterministic policy gradient obtained state of art results for some multi - agent games , whereas , it cannot scale well with growing amount of agents . in order to boos ←
→ lens distortion rectification using triangulation based interpolation ; nonlinear lens distortion rectification is a common first step in image processing applications where the assumption of a linear camera model is essential . for rectifying the lens distortion , forward distortion model needs to be known . however , many self - calibration methods estimate the inverse distortion model . in the literature , the inverse of the estimated model is approximated for image rectification , which introduces additional err ←
→ kernels and submodels of deep belief networks ; we study the mixtures of factorizing probability distributions represented as visible marginal distributions in stochastic layered networks . we take the perspective of kernel transitions of distributions , which gives a unified picture of distributed representations arising from deep belief networks ( dbn ) and other networks without lateral connections . we describe combinatorial and geometric properties of the set of kernels and products of kernels realizable by ←
→ multi - label pixelwise classification for reconstruction of large - scale urban areas ; object classification is one of the many holy grails in computer vision and as such has resulted in a very large number of algorithms being proposed already . specifically in recent years there has been considerable progress in this area primarily due to the increased efficiency and accessibility of deep learning techniques . in fact , for single - label object classification [ i . e . only one object present in the image ] the sta ←
→ on ( anti ) conditional independence in dempster - shafer theory ; this paper verifies a result of { shenoy : 94 } concerning graphoidal structure of shenoy ' s notion of independence for dempster - shafer theory of belief functions . shenoy proved that his notion of independence has graphoidal properties for positive normal valuations . the requirement of strict positive normal valuations as prerequisite for application of graphoidal properties excludes a wide class of ds belief functions . it excludes especially so - cal ←
→ speedy object detection based on shape ; this study is a part of design of an audio system for in - house object detection system for visually impaired , low vision personnel by birth or by an accident or due to old age . the input of the system will be scene and output as audio . alert facility is provided based on severity levels of the objects ( snake , broke glass etc ) and also during difficulties . the study proposed techniques to provide speedy detection of objects based on shapes and its scale . features are ←
→ model identification via physics engines for improved policy search ; this paper presents a practical approach for identifying unknown mechanical parameters , such as mass and friction models of manipulated rigid objects or actuated robotic links , in a succinct manner that aims to improve the performance of policy search algorithms . key features of this approach are the use of off - the - shelf physics engines and the adaptation of a black - box bayesian optimization framework for this purpose . the physics engine ←
→ exploring models and data for remote sensing image caption generation ; inspired by recent development of artificial satellite , remote sensing images have attracted extensive attention . recently , noticeable progress has been made in scene classification and target detection . however , it is still not clear how to describe the remote sensing image content with accurate and concise sentences . in this paper , we investigate to describe the remote sensing images with accurate and flexible sentences . first , some an ←
→ gradient hard thresholding pursuit for sparsity - constrained optimization ; hard thresholding pursuit ( htp ) is an iterative greedy selection procedure for finding sparse solutions of underdetermined linear systems . this method has been shown to have strong theoretical guarantee and impressive numerical performance . in this paper , we generalize htp from compressive sensing to a generic problem setup of sparsity - constrained convex optimization . the proposed algorithm iterates between a standard gradient descen ←
→ beyond no free lunch : realistic algorithms for arbitrary problem classes ; we show how the necessary and sufficient conditions for the nfl to apply can be reduced to the single requirement of the set of objective functions under consideration being closed under permutation , and quantify the extent to which a set of objectives not closed under permutation can give rise to a performance difference between two algorithms . then we provide a more refined definition of performance under which we show that revisit ←
→ a random matrix theoretical approach to early event detection in smart grid ; power systems are developing very fast nowadays , both in size and in complexity ; this situation is a challenge for early event detection ( eed ). this paper proposes a data - driven unsupervised learning method to handle this challenge . specifically , the random matrix theories ( rmts ) are introduced as the statistical foundations for random matrix models ( rmms ); based on the rmms , linear eigenvalue statistics ( less ) are defined via ←
→ scut - fbp5500 : a diverse benchmark dataset for multi - paradigm facial beauty prediction ; facial beauty prediction ( fbp ) is a significant visual recognition problem to make assessment of facial attractiveness that is consistent to human perception . to tackle this problem , various data - driven models , especially state - of - the - art deep learning techniques , were introduced , and benchmark dataset become one of the essential elements to achieve fbp . previous works have formulated the recognition of facial beauty a ←
→ oriented response networks ; deep convolution neural networks ( dcnns ) are capable of learning unprecedentedly effective image representations . however , their ability in handling significant local and global image rotations remains limited . in this paper , we propose active rotating filters ( arfs ) that actively rotate during convolution and produce feature maps with location and orientation explicitly encoded . an arf acts as a virtual filter bank containing the filter itself and its multiple unmaterialised ro ←
→ dialectics of knowledge representation in a granular rough set theory ; the concepts of rough and definite objects are relatively more determinate than those of granules and granulation in general rough set theory ( rst ) [ 1 ]. representation of rough objects can however depend on the dialectical relation between granulation and definiteness . in this research , we make this exact in the context of rst over proto - transitive approximation spaces . this approach can be directly extended to many other types of rst . ←
→ knowledge sharing : a model ; we know anything because we learn about it , there is anything we ever share about it , but now a lot of media that can represent how it happened as infrastructure of the knowledge sharing . this paper aims to introduce a model for understanding a problem in knowledge sharing based on interaction .←
→ r2cnn : rotational region cnn for orientation robust scene text detection ; in this paper , we propose a novel method called rotational region cnn ( r2cnn ) for detecting arbitrary - oriented texts in natural scene images . the framework is based on faster r - cnn [ 1 ] architecture . first , we use the region proposal network ( rpn ) to generate axis - aligned bounding boxes that enclose the texts with different orientations . second , for each axis - aligned text box proposed by rpn , we extract its pooled features with differ ←
→ search using n - gram technique based statistical analysis for knowledge extraction in case based reasoning systems ; searching techniques for case based reasoning systems involve extensive methods of elimination . in this paper , we look at a new method of arriving at the right solution by performing a series of transformations upon the data . these involve n - gram based comparison and deduction of the input data with the case data , using morphemes and phonemes as the deciding parameters . a similar technique f ←
→ passcode : parallel asynchronous stochastic dual co - ordinate descent ; stochastic dual coordinate descent ( sdcd ) has become one of the most efficient ways to solve the family of $\ ell_2 $- regularized empirical risk minimization problems , including linear svm , logistic regression , and many others . the vanilla implementation of dcd is quite slow ; however , by maintaining primal variables while updating dual variables , the time complexity of sdcd can be significantly reduced . such a strategy forms the core algori ←
→ fastderain : a novel video rain streak removal method using directional gradient priors ; rain streak removal is an important issue in outdoor vision systems and has recently been investigated extensively . in this paper , we propose a novel video rain streak removal approach fastderain , which fully considers the discriminative characteristics of rain streaks and the clean video in the gradient domain . specifically , on the one hand , rain streaks are sparse and smooth along the direction of the raindrops , whe ←
→ quantitative analysis of whether machine intelligence can surpass human intelligence ; whether the machine intelligence can surpass the human intelligence is a controversial issue . on the basis of traditional iq , this article presents the universal iq test method suitable for both the machine intelligence and the human intelligence . with the method , machine and human intelligences were divided into 4 major categories and 15 subcategories . a total of 50 search engines across the world and 150 persons at di ←
→ dirichlet process parsimonious mixtures for clustering ; the parsimonious gaussian mixture models , which exploit an eigenvalue decomposition of the group covariance matrices of the gaussian mixture , have shown their success in particular in cluster analysis . their estimation is in general performed by maximum likelihood estimation and has also been considered from a parametric bayesian prospective . we propose new dirichlet process parsimonious mixtures ( dppm ) which represent a bayesian nonparametric formula ←
→ towards reduced reference parametric models for estimating audiovisual quality in multimedia services ; we have developed reduced reference parametric models for estimating perceived quality in audiovisual multimedia services . we have created 144 unique configurations for audiovisual content including various application and network parameters such as bitrates and distortions in terms of bandwidth , packet loss rate and jitter . to generate the data needed for model training and validation we have tasked 24 ←
→ fast , accurate and fully parallelizable digital image correlation ; digital image correlation ( dic ) is a widely used optical metrology for surface deformation measurements . dic relies on nonlinear optimization method . thus an initial guess is quite important due to its influence on the converge characteristics of the algorithm . in order to obtain a reliable , accurate initial guess , a reliability - guided digital image correlation ( rg - dic ) method , which is able to intelligently obtain a reliable initial guess ←
→ incoherence - optimal matrix completion ; this paper considers the matrix completion problem . we show that it is not necessary to assume joint incoherence , which is a standard but unintuitive and restrictive condition that is imposed by previous studies . this leads to a sample complexity bound that is order - wise optimal with respect to the incoherence parameter ( as well as to the rank $ r $ and the matrix dimension $ n $ up to a log factor ). as a consequence , we improve the sample complexity of recovering a semid ←
→ understanding data augmentation for classification : when to warp ? ; in this paper we investigate the benefit of augmenting data with synthetically created samples when training a machine learning classifier . two approaches for creating additional training samples are data warping , which generates additional samples through transformations applied in the data - space , and synthetic over - sampling , which creates additional samples in feature - space . we experimentally evaluate the benefits of data augmentation for ←
→ bda - pch : block - diagonal approximation of positive - curvature hessian for training neural networks ; we propose a block - diagonal approximation of the positive - curvature hessian ( bda - pch ) matrix to measure curvature . our proposed bdapch matrix is memory efficient and can be applied to any fully - connected neural networks where the activation and criterion functions are twice differentiable . particularly , our bda - pch matrix can handle non - convex criterion functions . we devise an efficient scheme utilizing the ←
→ bottom - up and top - down attention for image captioning and visual question answering ; top - down visual attention mechanisms have been used extensively in image captioning and visual question answering ( vqa ) to enable deeper image understanding through fine - grained analysis and even multiple steps of reasoning . in this work , we propose a combined bottom - up and top - down attention mechanism that enables attention to be calculated at the level of objects and other salient image regions . this is the natural bas ←
→ system - theoretic approach to image interest point detection ; interest point detection is a common task in various computer vision applications . although a big variety of detector are developed so far computational efficiency of interest point based image analysis remains to be the problem . current paper proposes a system - theoretic approach to interest point detection . starting from the analysis of interdependency between detector and descriptor it is shown that given a descriptor it is possible to introduc ←
→ combinatorial approach to object analysis ; we present a perceptional mathematical model for image and signal analysis . a resemblance measure is defined , and submitted to an innovating combinatorial optimization algorithm . numerical simulations are also presented ←
→ practical learning of predictive state representations ; over the past decade there has been considerable interest in spectral algorithms for learning predictive state representations ( psrs ). spectral algorithms have appealing theoretical guarantees ; however , the resulting models do not always perform well on inference tasks in practice . one reason for this behavior is the mismatch between the intended task ( accurate filtering or prediction ) and the loss function being optimized by the algorithm ( estimation ←
→ the kit motion - language dataset ; linking human motion and natural language is of great interest for the generation of semantic representations of human activities as well as for the generation of robot activities based on natural language input . however , while there have been years of research in this area , no standardized and openly available dataset exists to support the development and evaluation of such systems . we therefore propose the kit motion - language dataset , which is large , open , and extensible .←
→ s3pool : pooling with stochastic spatial sampling ; feature pooling layers ( e . g ., max pooling ) in convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) serve the dual purpose of providing increasingly abstract representations as well as yielding computational savings in subsequent convolutional layers . we view the pooling operation in cnns as a two - step procedure : first , a pooling window ( e . g ., $ 2 \ times 2 $) slides over the feature map with stride one which leaves the spatial resolution intact , and second , downsampling is per ←
→ continuous time dynamic topic models ; in this paper , we develop the continuous time dynamic topic model ( cdtm ). the cdtm is a dynamic topic model that uses brownian motion to model the latent topics through a sequential collection of documents , where a " topic " is a pattern of word use that we expect to evolve over the course of the collection . we derive an efficient variational approximate inference algorithm that takes advantage of the sparsity of observations in text , a property that lets us easily handl ←
→ swap bribery ; in voting theory , bribery is a form of manipulative behavior in which an external actor ( the briber ) offers to pay the voters to change their votes in order to get her preferred candidate elected . we investigate a model of bribery where the price of each vote depends on the amount of change that the voter is asked to implement . specifically , in our model the briber can change a voter ' s preference list by paying for a sequence of swaps of consecutive candidates . each swap may have a different ←
→ modeling instantaneous changes in natural scenes ; this project aims to create 3d model of the natural world and model changes in it instantaneously . a framework for modeling instantaneous changes natural scenes in real time using lagrangian particle framework and a fluid - particle grid approach is presented . this project is presented in the form of a proof - based system where we show that the design is very much possible but currently we only have selective scripts that accomplish the given job , a complete s ←
→ learning generative models with sinkhorn divergences ; the ability to compare two degenerate probability distributions ( i . e . two probability distributions supported on two distinct low - dimensional manifolds living in a much higher - dimensional space ) is a crucial problem arising in the estimation of generative models for high - dimensional observations such as those arising in computer vision or natural language . it is known that optimal transport metrics can represent a cure for this problem , since they were ←
→ a noisy - channel model for document compression ; we present a document compression system that uses a hierarchical noisy - channel model of text production . our compression system first automatically derives the syntactic structure of each sentence and the overall discourse structure of the text given as input . the system then uses a statistical hierarchical model of text production in order to drop non - important syntactic and discourse constituents so as to generate coherent , grammatical document compression ←
→ three levels of neural reuse through the dynamical lens : structural network , autonomous dynamics and transient dynamics ; the brain in conjunction with the body is able to adapt to new environments and perform multiple behaviors through reuse of neural resources and transfer of existing behavioral traits . although mechanisms that underlie this ability are not well known , they are largely attributed to neuromodulation . in this work , we demonstrate that an agent can be multifunctional using the same sensory ←
→ on the performance bounds of some policy search dynamic programming algorithms ; we consider the infinite - horizon discounted optimal control problem formalized by markov decision processes . we focus on policy search algorithms , that compute an approximately optimal policy by following the standard policy iteration ( pi ) scheme via an - approximate greedy operator ( kakade and langford , 2002 ; lazaric et al ., 2010 ). we describe existing and a few new performance bounds for direct policy iteration ( dpi ) ( lagoud ←
→ rough clustering based unsupervised image change detection ; this paper introduces an unsupervised technique to detect the changed region of multitemporal images on a same reference plane with the help of rough clustering . the proposed technique is a soft - computing approach , based on the concept of rough set with rough clustering and pawlak ' s accuracy . it is less noisy and avoids pre - deterministic knowledge about the distribution of the changed and unchanged regions . to show the effectiveness , the proposed ←
→ on minimal accuracy algorithm selection in computer vision and intelligent systems ; in this paper we discuss certain theoretical properties of algorithm selection approach to image processing and to intelligent system in general . we analyze the theoretical limits of algorithm selection with respect to the algorithm selection accuracy . we show the theoretical formulation of a crisp bound on the algorithm selector precision guaranteeing to always obtain better than the best available algorithm result .←
→ how wrong am i ? - studying adversarial examples and their impact on uncertainty in gaussian process machine learning models ; machine learning models are vulnerable to adversarial examples : minor perturbations to input samples intended to deliberately cause misclassification . current defenses against adversarial examples , especially for deep neural networks ( dnn ), are primarily derived from empirical developments , and their security guarantees are often only justified retroactively . many defenses therefor ←
→ linear thompson sampling revisited ; we derive an alternative proof for the regret of thompson sampling (\ ts ) in the stochastic linear bandit setting . while we obtain a regret bound of order $\ widetilde { o }( d ^{ 3 / 2 }\ sqrt { t })$ as in previous results , the proof sheds new light on the functioning of the \ ts . we leverage on the structure of the problem to show how the regret is related to the sensitivity ( i . e ., the gradient ) of the objective function and how selecting optimal arms associated to \ textit { optimistic ←
→ rkl : a general , invariant bayes solution for neyman - scott ; neyman - scott is a classic example of an estimation problem with a partially - consistent posterior , for which standard estimation methods tend to produce inconsistent results . past attempts to create consistent estimators for neyman - scott have led to ad - hoc solutions , to estimators that do not satisfy representation invariance , to restrictions over the choice of prior and more . we present a simple construction for a general - purpose bayes estimator , i ←
→ modelling of facial aging and kinship : a survey ; computational facial models that capture properties of facial cues related to aging and kinship increasingly attract the attention of the research community , enabling the development of reliable methods for age progression , age estimation , age - invariant facial characterization , and kinship verification from visual data . in this paper , we review recent advances in modelling of facial aging and kinship . in particular , we provide an up - to date , complete list of ←
→ clustering categorical data streams ; the data stream model has been defined for new classes of applications involving massive data being generated at a fast pace . web click stream analysis and detection of network intrusions are two examples . cluster analysis on data streams becomes more difficult , because the data objects in a data stream must be accessed in order and can be read only once or few times with limited resources . recently , a few clustering algorithms have been developed for analyzing numeric ←
→ lewis : latent embeddings for word images and their semantics ; the goal of this work is to bring semantics into the tasks of text recognition and retrieval in natural images . although text recognition and retrieval have received a lot of attention in recent years , previous works have focused on recognizing or retrieving exactly the same word used as a query , without taking the semantics into consideration . in this paper , we ask the following question : \ emph { can we predict semantic concepts directly from a ←
→ agent - based ecological model calibration - on the edge of a new approach ; the purpose of this paper is to present a new approach to ecological model calibration -- an agent - based software . this agent works on three stages : 1 - it builds a matrix that synthesizes the inter - variable relationships ; 2 - it analyses the steady - state sensitivity of different variables to different parameters ; 3 - it runs the model iteratively and measures model lack of fit , adequacy and reliability . stage 3 continues until some con ←
→ attentionnet : aggregating weak directions for accurate object detection ; we present a novel detection method using a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ), named attentionnet . we cast an object detection problem as an iterative classification problem , which is the most suitable form of a cnn . attentionnet provides quantized weak directions pointing a target object and the ensemble of iterative predictions from attentionnet converges to an accurate object boundary box . since attentionnet is a unified netw ←
→ bridging source and target word embeddings for neural machine translation ; neural machine translation systems encode a source sequence into a vector from which a target sequence is generated via a decoder . different from the traditional statistical machine translation , source and target words are not directly mapped to each other in translation rules . they are at the two ends of a long information channel in the encoder - decoder neural network , separated by source and target hidden states . this may lead t ←
→ dslr - quality photos on mobile devices with deep convolutional networks ; despite a rapid rise in the quality of built - in smartphone cameras , their physical limitations - small sensor size , compact lenses and the lack of specific hardware , - impede them to achieve the quality results of dslr cameras . in this work we present an end - to - end deep learning approach that bridges this gap by translating ordinary photos into dslr - quality images . we propose learning the translation function using a residual convoluti ←
→ correlation and class based block formation for improved structured dictionary learning ; in recent years , the creation of block - structured dictionary has attracted a lot of interest . learning such dictionaries involve two step process : block formation and dictionary update . both these steps are important in producing an effective dictionary . the existing works mostly assume that the block structure is known a priori while learning the dictionary . for finding the unknown block structure given a dictionary ←
→ an approach : modality reduction and face - sketch recognition ; to recognize face sketch through face photo database is a challenging task for todays researchers . because face photo images in training set and face sketch images in testing set have different modality . difference between two face photos of difference person is smaller than the difference between same person in a face photo and face sketched . in this paper , for reduction of the modality between face photo and face sketch we first bring face phot ←
→ automatic spine segmentation using convolutional neural network via redundant generation of class labels for 3d spine modeling ; there has been a significant increase from 2010 to 2016 in the number of people suffering from spine problems . the automatic image segmentation of the spine obtained from a computed tomography ( ct ) image is important for diagnosing spine conditions and for performing surgery with computer - assisted surgery systems . the spine has a complex anatomy that consists of 33 vertebrae , 23 ←
→ new method for 3d shape retrieval ; the recent technological progress in acquisition , modeling and processing of 3d data leads to the proliferation of a large number of 3d objects databases . consequently , the techniques used for content based 3d retrieval has become necessary . in this paper , we introduce a new method for 3d objects recognition and retrieval by using a set of binary images cli ( characteristic level images ). we propose a 3d indexing and search approach based on the similarity between characte ←
→ training deep networks with structured layers by matrix backpropagation ; deep neural network architectures have recently produced excellent results in a variety of areas in artificial intelligence and visual recognition , well surpassing traditional shallow architectures trained using hand - designed features . the power of deep networks stems both from their ability to perform local computations followed by pointwise non - linearities over increasingly larger receptive fields , and from the simplicity and scalab ←
→ is natural language a perigraphic process ? the theorem about facts and words revisited ; as we discuss , a stationary stochastic process is nonergodic when a random persistent topic can be detected in the infinite random text sampled from the process , whereas we call the process strongly nonergodic when an infinite sequence of independent random bits , called probabilistic facts , is needed to describe this topic completely . replacing probabilistic facts with an algorithmically random sequence of bits , calle ←
→ modeling spammer behavior : naïve bayes vs . artificial neural networks ; addressing the problem of spam emails in the internet , this paper presents a comparative study on na \" ive bayes and artificial neural networks ( ann ) based modeling of spammer behavior . keyword - based spam email filtering techniques fall short to model spammer behavior as the spammer constantly changes tactics to circumvent these filters . the evasive tactics that the spammer uses are themselves patterns that can be modeled to combat spam .←
→ preserving semantic relations for zero - shot learning ; zero - shot learning has gained popularity due to its potential to scale recognition models without requiring additional training data . this is usually achieved by associating categories with their semantic information like attributes . however , we believe that the potential offered by this paradigm is not yet fully exploited . in this work , we propose to utilize the structure of the space spanned by the attributes using a set of relations . we devise object ←
→ introducing deepbalance : random deep belief network ensembles to address class imbalance ; class imbalance problems manifest in domains such as financial fraud detection or network intrusion analysis , where the prevalence of one class is much higher than another . typically , practitioners are more interested in predicting the minority class than the majority class as the minority class may carry a higher misclassification cost . however , classifier performance deteriorates in the face of class imbalance as ←
→ a reduction of imitation learning and structured prediction to no - regret online learning ; sequential prediction problems such as imitation learning , where future observations depend on previous predictions ( actions ), violate the common i . i . d . assumptions made in statistical learning . this leads to poor performance in theory and often in practice . some recent approaches provide stronger guarantees in this setting , but remain somewhat unsatisfactory as they train either non - stationary or stochastic policie ←
→ training confidence - calibrated classifiers for detecting out - of - distribution samples ; the problem of detecting whether a test sample is from in - distribution ( i . e ., training distribution by a classifier ) or out - of - distribution sufficiently different from it arises in many real - world machine learning applications . however , the state - of - art deep neural networks are known to be highly overconfident in their predictions , i . e ., do not distinguish in - and out - of - distributions . recently , to handle this issue , se ←
→ a kind of affine weighted moment invariants ; a new kind of geometric invariants is proposed in this paper , which is called affine weighted moment invariant ( awmi ). by combination of local affine differential invariants and a framework of global integral , they can more effectively extract features of images and help to increase the number of low - order invariants and to decrease the calculating cost . the experimental results show that awmis have good stability and distinguishability and achieve better result ←
→ deriving a stationary dynamic bayesian network from a logic program with recursive loops ; recursive loops in a logic program present a challenging problem to the plp framework . on the one hand , they loop forever so that the plp backward - chaining inferences would never stop . on the other hand , they generate cyclic influences , which are disallowed in bayesian networks . therefore , in existing plp approaches logic programs with recursive loops are considered to be problematic and thus are excluded . in this p ←
→ variational gram functions : convex analysis and optimization ; we propose a new class of convex penalty functions , called \ emph { variational gram functions } ( vgfs ), that can promote pairwise relations , such as orthogonality , among a set of vectors in a vector space . these functions can serve as regularizers in convex optimization problems arising from hierarchical classification , multitask learning , and estimating vectors with disjoint supports , among other applications . we study convexity for vgfs , and give ←
→ empirical explorations in training networks with discrete activations ; we present extensive experiments training and testing hidden units in deep networks that emit only a predefined , static , number of discretized values . these units provide benefits in real - world deployment in systems in which memory and / or computation may be limited . additionally , they are particularly well suited for use in large recurrent network models that require the maintenance of large amounts of internal state in memory . surprisi ←
→ recurrent convolutional networks for pulmonary nodule detection in ct imaging ; computed tomography ( ct ) generates a stack of cross - sectional images covering a region of the body . the visual assessment of these images for the identification of potential abnormalities is a challenging and time consuming task due to the large amount of information that needs to be processed . in this article we propose a deep artificial neural network architecture , rectnet , for the fully - automated detection of pulmonary nodu ←
→ fast and reliable stereopsis measurement at multiple distances with ipad ; purpose : to present a new fast and reliable application for ipad ( st ) for screening stereopsis at multiple distances . methods : a new ipad application ( app ) based on a random dot stereogram was designed for screening stereopsis at multiple distances . sixty - five subjects with no ocular diseases and wearing their habitual correction were tested at two different distances : 3 m and at 0 . 4 m . results were compared with other commercial t ←
→ fast and accurate oov decoder on high - level features ; this work proposes a novel approach to out - of - vocabulary ( oov ) keyword search ( kws ) task . the proposed approach is based on using high - level features from an automatic speech recognition ( asr ) system , so called phoneme posterior based ( ppb ) features , for decoding . these features are obtained by calculating time - dependent phoneme posterior probabilities from word lattices , followed by their smoothing . for the ppb features we developed a special novel ver ←
→ adversarial learning for semi - supervised semantic segmentation ; we propose a method for semi - supervised semantic segmentation using the adversarial network . while most existing discriminators are trained to classify input images as real or fake on the image level , we design a discriminator in a fully convolutional manner to differentiate the predicted probability maps from the ground truth segmentation distribution with the consideration of the spatial resolution . we show that the proposed discriminator ca ←
→ a novel approach to document classification using wordnet ; content based document classification is one of the biggest challenges in the context of free text mining . current algorithms on document classifications mostly rely on cluster analysis based on bag - of - words approach . however that method is still being applied to many modern scientific dilemmas . it has established a strong presence in fields like economics and social science to merit serious attention from the researchers . in this paper we would li ←
→ learning to decode for future success ; we introduce a simple , general strategy to manipulate the behavior of a neural decoder that enables it to generate outputs that have specific properties of interest ( e . g ., sequences of a pre - specified length ). the model can be thought of as a simple version of the actor - critic model that uses an interpolation of the actor ( the mle - based token generation policy ) and the critic ( a value function that estimates the future values of the desired property ) for decision maki ←
→ local backbones ; a backbone of a propositional cnf formula is a variable whose truth value is the same in every truth assignment that satisfies the formula . the notion of backbones for cnf formulas has been studied in various contexts . in this paper , we introduce local variants of backbones , and study the computational complexity of detecting them . in particular , we consider k - backbones , which are backbones for sub - formulas consisting of at most k clauses , and iterative k - backbones , which are backbones tha ←
→ deep temporal - recurrent - replicated - softmax for topical trends over time ; dynamic topic modeling facilitates the identification of topical trends over time in temporal collections of unstructured documents . we introduce a novel unsupervised neural dynamic topic model known as recurrent neural network - replicated softmax model ( rnnrsm ), where the discovered topics at each time influence the topic discovery in the subsequent time steps . we account for the temporal ordering of documents by explicitly modeling a ←
→ framework for hopfield network based adaptive routing - a design level approach for adaptive routing phenomena with artificial neural network ; routing , as a basic phenomena , by itself , has got umpteen scopes to analyse , discuss and arrive at an optimal solution for the technocrats over years . routing is analysed based on many factors ; few key constraints that decide the factors are communication medium , time dependency , information source nature . parametric routing has become the requirement of the day , ←
→ learning to generate images with perceptual similarity metrics ; deep networks are increasingly being applied to problems involving image synthesis , e . g ., generating images from textual descriptions and reconstructing an input image from a compact representation . supervised training of image - synthesis networks typically uses a pixel - wise loss ( pl ) to indicate the mismatch between a generated image and its corresponding target image . we propose instead to use a loss function that is better calibrated to huma ←
→ learning to poke by poking : experiential learning of intuitive physics ; we investigate an experiential learning paradigm for acquiring an internal model of intuitive physics . our model is evaluated on a real - world robotic manipulation task that requires displacing objects to target locations by poking . the robot gathered over 400 hours of experience by executing more than 100k pokes on different objects . we propose a novel approach based on deep neural networks for modeling the dynamics of robot ' s interact ←
→ dynamic classifier chains for multi - label learning ; in this paper , we deal with the task of building a dynamic ensemble of chain classifiers for multi - label classification . to do so , we proposed two concepts of classifier chains algorithms that are able to change label order of the chain without rebuilding the entire model . such modes allows anticipating the instance - specific chain order without a significant increase in computational burden . the proposed chain models are built using the naive bayes classi ←
→ social participation ontology : community documentation , enhancements and use examples ; participatory democracy advances in virtually all governments and especially in south america which exhibits a mixed culture and social predisposition . this article presents the " social participation ontology " ( ops from the brazilian name \ emph { ontologia de participa \ c { c }\~ ao social }) implemented in compliance with the web ontology language standard ( owl ) for fostering social participation , specially in virtual platfor ←
→ bit fusion : bit - level dynamically composable architecture for accelerating deep neural networks ; hardware acceleration of deep neural networks ( dnns ) aims to tame their enormous compute intensity . fully realizing the potential of acceleration in this domain requires understanding and leveraging algorithmic properties of dnns . this paper builds upon the algorithmic insight that bitwidth of operations in dnns can be reduced without compromising their accuracy . however , to prevent accuracy loss , the bitwidt ←
→ theoretical analysis of domain adaptation with optimal transport ; domain adaptation ( da ) is an important and emerging field of machine learning that tackles the problem occurring when the distributions of training ( source domain ) and test ( target domain ) data are similar but different . current theoretical results show that the efficiency of da algorithms depends on their capacity of minimizing the divergence between source and target probability distributions . in this paper , we provide a theoretical study ←
→ the radon cumulative distribution transform and its application to image classification ; invertible image representation methods ( transforms ) are routinely employed as low - level image processing operations based on which feature extraction and recognition algorithms are developed . most transforms in current use ( e . g . fourier , wavelet , etc .) are linear transforms , and , by themselves , are unable to substantially simplify the representation of image classes for classification . here we describe a nonlinear , ←
→ combinatorial multi - armed bandits with filtered feedback ; motivated by problems in search and detection we present a solution to a combinatorial multi - armed bandit ( cmab ) problem with both heavy - tailed reward distributions and a new class of feedback , filtered semibandit feedback . in a cmab problem an agent pulls a combination of arms from a set $\{ 1 ,..., k \}$ in each round , generating random outcomes from probability distributions associated with these arms and receiving an overall reward . under semibandit ←
→ speaker clustering with neural networks and audio processing ; speaker clustering is the task of differentiating speakers in a recording . in a way , the aim is to answer " who spoke when " in audio recordings . a common method used in industry is feature extraction directly from the recording thanks to mfcc features , and by using well - known techniques such as gaussian mixture models ( gmm ) and hidden markov models ( hmm ). in this paper , we studied neural networks ( especially cnn ) followed by clustering and audio ←
→ information fusion in multi - task gaussian processes ; this paper evaluates heterogeneous information fusion using multi - task gaussian processes in the context of geological resource modeling . specifically , it empirically demonstrates that information integration across heterogeneous information sources leads to superior estimates of all the quantities being modeled , compared to modeling them individually . multi - task gaussian processes provide a powerful approach for simultaneous modeling of multiple quantit ←
→ automatic segmentation of the intracranialvolume in fetal mr images ; mr images of the fetus allow non - invasive analysis of the fetal brain . quantitative analysis of fetal brain development requires automatic brain tissue segmentation that is typically preceded by segmentation of the intracranial volume ( icv ). this is challenging because fetal mr images visualize the whole moving fetus and in addition partially visualize the maternal body . this paper presents an automatic method for segmentation of the icv ←
→ beyond finite layer neural networks : bridging deep architectures and numerical differential equations ; in our work , we bridge deep neural network design with numerical differential equations . we show that many effective networks , such as resnet , polynet , fractalnet and revnet , can be interpreted as different numerical discretizations of differential equations . this finding brings us a brand new perspective on the design of effective deep architectures . we can take advantage of the rich knowledge in numer ←
→ compression , restoration , re - sampling , compressive sensing : fast transforms in digital imaging ; transform image processing methods are methods that work in domains of image transforms , such as discrete fourier , discrete cosine , wavelet and alike . they are the basic tool in image compression , in image restoration , in image re - sampling and geometrical transformations and can be traced back to early 1970 - ths . the paper presents a review of these methods with emphasis on their comparison and relationships , f ←
→ faith in the algorithm , part 2 : computational eudaemonics ; eudaemonics is the study of the nature , causes , and conditions of human well - being . according to the ethical theory of eudaemonia , reaping satisfaction and fulfillment from life is not only a desirable end , but a moral responsibility . however , in modern society , many individuals struggle to meet this responsibility . computational mechanisms could better enable individuals to achieve eudaemonia by yielding practical real - world systems that embody al ←
→ low - rank matrix factorization with attributes ; we develop a new collaborative filtering ( cf ) method that combines both previously known users ' preferences , i . e . standard cf , as well as product / user attributes , i . e . classical function approximation , to predict a given user ' s interest in a particular product . our method is a generalized low rank matrix completion problem , where we learn a function whose inputs are pairs of vectors -- the standard low rank matrix completion problem being a special case where ←
→ spatio - temporal gaussian processes modeling of dynamical systems in systems biology ; quantitative modeling of post - transcriptional regulation process is a challenging problem in systems biology . a mechanical model of the regulatory process needs to be able to describe the available spatio - temporal protein concentration and mrna expression data and recover the continuous spatio - temporal fields . rigorous methods are required to identify model parameters . a promising approach to deal with these difficulties ←
→ cross - genre document retrieval : matching between conversational and formal writings ; this paper challenges a cross - genre document retrieval task , where the queries are in formal writing and the target documents are in conversational writing . in this task , a query , is a sentence extracted from either a summary or a plot of an episode in a tv show , and the target document consists of transcripts from the corresponding episode . to establish a strong baseline , we employ the current state - of - the - art search en ←
→ the amu - uedin submission to the wmt16 news translation task : attention - based nmt models as feature functions in phrase - based smt ; this paper describes the amu - uedin submissions to the wmt 2016 shared task on news translation . we explore methods of decode - time integration of attention - based neural translation models with phrase - based statistical machine translation . efficient batch - algorithms for gpu - querying are proposed and implemented . for english - russian , our system stays behind the state - of - the - art p ←
→ fusing multifaceted transaction data for user modeling and demographic prediction ; inferring user characteristics such as demographic attributes is of the utmost importance in many user - centric applications . demographic data is an enabler of personalization , identity security , and other applications . despite that , this data is sensitive and often hard to obtain . previous work has shown that purchase history can be used for multi - task prediction of many demographic fields such as gender and marital status ←
→ looking beyond appearances : synthetic training data for deep cnns in re - identification ; re - identification is generally carried out by encoding the appearance of a subject in terms of outfit , suggesting scenarios where people do not change their attire . in this paper we overcome this restriction , by proposing a framework based on a deep convolutional neural network , somanet , that additionally models other discriminative aspects , namely , structural attributes of the human figure ( e . g . height , obesity , gend ←
→ variational approximations between mean field theory and the junction tree algorithm ; recently , variational approximations such as the mean field approximation have received much interest . we extend the standard mean field method by using an approximating distribution that factorises into cluster potentials . this includes undirected graphs , directed acyclic graphs and junction trees . we derive generalized mean field equations to optimize the cluster potentials . we show that the method bridges the gap bet ←
→ augmentor : an image augmentation library for machine learning ; the generation of artificial data based on existing observations , known as data augmentation , is a technique used in machine learning to improve model accuracy , generalisation , and to control overfitting . augmentor is a software package , available in both python and julia versions , that provides a high level api for the expansion of image data using a stochastic , pipeline - based approach which effectively allows for images to be sampled from a d ←
→ federated multi - task learning ; federated learning poses new statistical and systems challenges in training machine learning models over distributed networks of devices . in this work , we show that multi - task learning is naturally suited to handle the statistical challenges of this setting , and propose a novel systems - aware optimization method , mocha , that is robust to practical systems issues . our method and theory for the first time consider issues of high communication cost , stragglers , and fault toleranc ←
→ essence ' description ; a description of the essence ' language as used by the tool savile row .←
→ marking - up multiple views of a text : discourse and reference ; we describe an encoding scheme for discourse structure and reference , based on the tei guidelines and the recommendations of the corpus encoding specification ( ces ). a central feature of the scheme is a ces - based data architecture enabling the encoding of and access to multiple views of a marked - up document . we describe a tool architecture that supports the encoding scheme , and then show how we have used the encoding scheme and the tools to perf ←
→ learning to rank binary codes ; binary codes have been widely used in vision problems as a compact feature representation to achieve both space and time advantages . various methods have been proposed to learn data - dependent hash functions which map a feature vector to a binary code . however , considerable data information is inevitably lost during the binarization step which also causes ambiguity in measuring sample similarity using hamming distance . besides , the learned hash functions cannot be changed afte ←
→ fully convolutional multi - class multiple instance learning ; multiple instance learning ( mil ) can reduce the need for costly annotation in tasks such as semantic segmentation by weakening the required degree of supervision . we propose a novel mil formulation of multi - class semantic segmentation learning by a fully convolutional network . in this setting , we seek to learn a semantic segmentation model from just weak image - level labels . the model is trained end - to - end to jointly optimize the representation whi ←
→ beyond deep residual learning for image restoration : persistent homology - guided manifold simplification ; the latest deep learning approaches perform better than the state - of - the - art signal processing approaches in various image restoration tasks . however , if an image contains many patterns and structures , the performance of these cnns is still inferior . to address this issue , here we propose a novel feature space deep residual learning algorithm that outperforms the existing residual learning . the main i ←
→ remarks on inheritance systems ; we try a conceptual analysis of inheritance diagrams , first in abstract terms , and then compare to " normality " and the " small / big sets " of preferential and related reasoning . the main ideas are about nodes as truth values and information sources , truth comparison by paths , accessibility or relevance of information by paths , relative normality , and prototypical reasoning .←
→ utility elicitation as a classification problem ; we investigate the application of classification techniques to utility elicitation . in a decision problem , two sets of parameters must generally be elicited : the probabilities and the utilities . while the prior and conditional probabilities in the model do not change from user to user , the utility models do . thus it is necessary to elicit a utility model separately for each new user . elicitation is long and tedious , particularly if the outcome space is large ←
→ loss bounds and time complexity for speed priors ; this paper establishes for the first time the predictive performance of speed priors and their computational complexity . a speed prior is essentially a probability distribution that puts low probability on strings that are not efficiently computable . we propose a variant to the original speed prior ( schmidhuber , 2002 ), and show that our prior can predict sequences drawn from probability measures that are estimable in polynomial time . our speed prior is comp ←
→ inference algorithms for similarity networks ; we examine two types of similarity networks each based on a distinct notion of relevance . for both types of similarity networks we present an efficient inference algorithm that works under the assumption that every event has a nonzero probability of occurrence . another inference algorithm is developed for type 1 similarity networks that works under no restriction , albeit less efficiently .←
→ learning causal structures using regression invariance ; we study causal inference in a multi - environment setting , in which the functional relations for producing the variables from their direct causes remain the same across environments , while the distribution of exogenous noises may vary . we introduce the idea of using the invariance of the functional relations of the variables to their causes across a set of environments . we define a notion of completeness for a causal inference algorithm in this setting ←
→ learning weak constraints in answer set programming ; this paper contributes to the area of inductive logic programming by presenting a new learning framework that allows the learning of weak constraints in answer set programming ( asp ). the framework , called learning from ordered answer sets , generalises our previous work on learning asp programs without weak constraints , by considering a new notion of examples as ordered pairs of partial answer sets that exemplify which answer sets of a learned hypothesis ←
→ crowd - sourcing nlg data : pictures elicit better data ; recent advances in corpus - based natural language generation ( nlg ) hold the promise of being easily portable across domains , but require costly training data , consisting of meaning representations ( mrs ) paired with natural language ( nl ) utterances . in this work , we propose a novel framework for crowdsourcing high quality nlg training data , using automatic quality control measures and evaluating different mrs with which to elicit data . we show that pictor ←
→ learning nash equilibria in congestion games ; we study the repeated congestion game , in which multiple populations of players share resources , and make , at each iteration , a decentralized decision on which resources to utilize . we investigate the following question : given a model of how individual players update their strategies , does the resulting dynamics of strategy profiles converge to the set of nash equilibria of the one - shot game ? we consider in particular a model in which players update their strat ←
→ timeline : a dynamic hierarchical dirichlet process model for recovering birth / death and evolution of topics in text stream ; topic models have proven to be a useful tool for discovering latent structures in document collections . however , most document collections often come as temporal streams and thus several aspects of the latent structure such as the number of topics , the topics ' distribution and popularity are time - evolving . several models exist that model the evolution of some but not all of the abov ←
→ query chains : learning to rank from implicit feedback ; this paper presents a novel approach for using clickthrough data to learn ranked retrieval functions for web search results . we observe that users searching the web often perform a sequence , or chain , of queries with a similar information need . using query chains , we generate new types of preference judgments from search engine logs , thus taking advantage of user intelligence in reformulating queries . to validate our method we perform a controlled user ←
→ towards an automated method based on iterated local search optimization for tuning the parameters of support vector machines ; we provide preliminary details and formulation of an optimization strategy under current development that is able to automatically tune the parameters of a support vector machine over new datasets . the optimization strategy is a heuristic based on iterated local search , a modification of classic hill climbing which iterates calls to a local search routine .←
→ diet2vec : multi - scale analysis of massive dietary data ; smart phone apps that enable users to easily track their diets have become widespread in the last decade . this has created an opportunity to discover new insights into obesity and weight loss by analyzing the eating habits of the users of such apps . in this paper , we present diet2vec : an approach to modeling latent structure in a massive database of electronic diet journals . through an iterative contract - and - expand process , our model learns real - value ←
→ supervised and unsupervised transfer learning for question answering ; although transfer learning has been shown to be successful for tasks like object and speech recognition , its applicability to question answering ( qa ) has yet to be well - studied . in this paper , we conduct extensive experiments to investigate the transferability of knowledge learned from a source qa dataset to a target dataset using two qa models . the performance of both models on a toefl listening comprehension test ( tseng et al ., 2016 ) a ←
→ learning how to active learn : a deep reinforcement learning approach ; active learning aims to select a small subset of data for annotation such that a classifier learned on the data is highly accurate . this is usually done using heuristic selection methods , however the effectiveness of such methods is limited and moreover , the performance of heuristics varies between datasets . to address these shortcomings , we introduce a novel formulation by reframing the active learning as a reinforcement learning proble ←
→ digital ecosystems : self - organisation of evolving agent populations ; a primary motivation for our research in digital ecosystems is the desire to exploit the self - organising properties of biological ecosystems . ecosystems are thought to be robust , scalable architectures that can automatically solve complex , dynamic problems . self - organisation is perhaps one of the most desirable features in the systems that we engineer , and it is important for us to be able to measure self - organising behaviour . we investig ←
→ an image compression and encryption scheme based on deep learning ; stacked auto - encoder ( sae ) is a kind of deep learning algorithm for unsupervised learning . which has multi layers that project the vector representation of input data into a lower vector space . these projection vectors are dense representations of the input data . as a result , sae can be used for image compression . using chaotic logistic map , the compression ones can further be encrypted . in this study , an application of image compression an ←
→ mini - batch primal and dual methods for svms ; we address the issue of using mini - batches in stochastic optimization of svms . we show that the same quantity , the spectral norm of the data , controls the parallelization speedup obtained for both primal stochastic subgradient descent ( sgd ) and stochastic dual coordinate ascent ( scda ) methods and use it to derive novel variants of mini - batched sdca . our guarantees for both methods are expressed in terms of the original nonsmooth primal problem based on the hinge ←
→ learning deep and compact models for gesture recognition ; we look at the problem of developing a compact and accurate model for gesture recognition from videos in a deep - learning framework . towards this we propose a joint 3dcnn - lstm model that is end - to - end trainable and is shown to be better suited to capture the dynamic information in actions . the solution achieves close to state - of - the - art accuracy on the chalearn dataset , with only half the model size . we also explore ways to derive a much more compact ←
→ connecting language and knowledge bases with embedding models for relation extraction ; this paper proposes a novel approach for relation extraction from free text which is trained to jointly use information from the text and from existing knowledge . our model is based on two scoring functions that operate by learning low - dimensional embeddings of words and of entities and relationships from a knowledge base . we empirically show on new york times articles aligned with freebase relations that our approach ←
→ weakly - supervised localization of diabetic retinopathy lesions in retinal fundus images ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) show impressive performance for image classification and detection , extending heavily to the medical image domain . nevertheless , medical experts are sceptical in these predictions as the nonlinear multilayer structure resulting in a classification outcome is not directly graspable . recently , approaches have been shown which help the user to understand the discriminative regions wi ←
→ multi - agent coordination using nearest neighbor rules : revisiting the vicsek model ; recently , jadbabaie , lin , and morse ( ieee tac , 48 ( 6 ) 2003 : 988 - 1001 ) offered a mathematical analysis of the discrete time model of groups of mobile autonomous agents raised by vicsek et al . in 1995 . in their paper , jadbabaie et al . showed that all agents shall move in the same heading , provided that these agents are periodically linked together . this paper sharpens this result by showing that coordination will be reached un ←
→ on the importance of single directions for generalization ; despite their ability to memorize large datasets , deep neural networks often achieve good generalization performance . however , the differences between the learned solutions of networks which generalize and those which do not remain unclear . additionally , the tuning properties of single directions ( defined as the activation of a single unit or some linear combination of units in response to some input ) have been highlighted , but their importance has ←
→ assessing user expertise in spoken dialog system interactions ; identifying the level of expertise of its users is important for a system since it can lead to a better interaction through adaptation techniques . furthermore , this information can be used in offline processes of root cause analysis . however , not much effort has been put into automatically identifying the level of expertise of an user , especially in dialog - based interactions . in this paper we present an approach based on a specific set of task ←
→ distributed training of deep neural networks : theoretical and practical limits of parallel scalability ; this paper presents a theoretical analysis and practical evaluation of the main bottlenecks towards a scalable distributed solution for the training of deep neuronal networks ( dnns ). the presented results show , that the current state of the art approach , using data - parallelized stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ), is quickly turning into a vastly communication bound problem . in addition , we present simpl ←
→ reservoir computing on the hypersphere ; reservoir computing ( rc ) refers to a recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) framework , frequently used for sequence learning and time series prediction . the rc system consists of a random fixed - weight rnn ( the input - hidden reservoir layer ) and a classifier ( the hidden - output readout layer ). here we focus on the sequence learning problem , and we explore a different approach to rc . more specifically , we remove the non - linear neural activation function , and we consider an ort ←
→ using multi - label classification for improved question answering ; a plethora of diverse approaches for question answering over rdf data have been developed in recent years . while the accuracy of these systems has increased significantly over time , most systems still focus on particular types of questions or particular challenges in question answering . what is a curse for single systems is a blessing for the combination of these systems . we show in this paper how machine learning techniques can be applied t ←
→ data curation apis ; understanding and analyzing big data is firmly recognized as a powerful and strategic priority . for deeper interpretation of and better intelligence with big data , it is important to transform raw data ( unstructured , semi - structured and structured data sources , e . g ., text , video , image data sets ) into curated data : contextualized data and knowledge that is maintained and made available for use by end - users and applications . in particular , data curation acts as the glue between raw data ←
→ efficient probabilistic inference with partial ranking queries ; distributions over rankings are used to model data in various settings such as preference analysis and political elections . the factorial size of the space of rankings , however , typically forces one to make structural assumptions , such as smoothness , sparsity , or probabilistic independence about these underlying distributions . we approach the modeling problem from the computational principle that one should make structural assumptions which al ←
→ structure - aware classification using supervised dictionary learning ; in this paper , we propose a supervised dictionary learning algorithm that aims to preserve the local geometry in both dimensions of the data . a graph - based regularization explicitly takes into account the local manifold structure of the data points . a second graph regularization gives similar treatment to the feature domain and helps in learning a more robust dictionary . both graphs can be constructed from the training data or learned and ←
→ adaptive affinity propagation clustering ; affinity propagation clustering ( ap ) has two limitations : it is hard to know what value of parameter ' preference ' can yield an optimal clustering solution , and oscillations cannot be eliminated automatically if occur . the adaptive ap method is proposed to overcome these limitations , including adaptive scanning of preferences to search space of the number of clusters for finding the optimal clustering solution , adaptive adjustment of damping factors to eliminate osc ←
→ from selective deep convolutional features to compact binary representations for image retrieval ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is a very powerful approach to extract discriminative local descriptors for effective image search . recent work adopts fine - tuned strategies to further improve the discriminative power of the descriptors . taking a different approach , in this paper , we propose a novel framework to achieve competitive retrieval performance . firstly , we propose various masking schemes , namely ←
→ visual integration of data and model space in ensemble learning ; ensembles of classifier models typically deliver superior performance and can outperform single classifier models given a dataset and classification task at hand . however , the gain in performance comes together with the lack in comprehensibility , posing a challenge to understand how each model affects the classification outputs and where the errors come from . we propose a tight visual integration of the data and the model space for exploring ←
→ bonnet : an open - source training and deployment framework for semantic segmentation in robotics using cnns ; the ability to interpret a scene is an important capability for a robot that is supposed to interact with its environment . the knowledge of what is in front of the robot is , for example , key to navigation , manipulation , or planning . semantic segmentation labels each pixel of an image with a class label and thus provides a detailed semantic annotation of the surroundings to the robot . convolutional n ←
→ adadepth : unsupervised content congruent adaptation for depth estimation ; supervised deep learning methods have shown promising results for the task of monocular depth estimation ; but acquiring ground truth is costly , and prone to noise as well as inaccuracies . while synthetic datasets have been used to circumvent above problems , the resultant models do not generalize well to natural scenes due to the inherent domain shift . recent adversarial approaches for domain adaption have performed well in mitigating ←
→ all fingers are not equal : intensity of references in scientific articles ; research accomplishment is usually measured by considering all citations with equal importance , thus ignoring the wide variety of purposes an article is being cited for . here , we posit that measuring the intensity of a reference is crucial not only to perceive better understanding of research endeavor , but also to improve the quality of citation - based applications . to this end , we collect a rich annotated dataset with references l ←
→ a transportation $ l ^ p $ distance for signal analysis ; transport based distances , such as the wasserstein distance and earth mover ' s distance , have been shown to be an effective tool in signal and image analysis . the success of transport based distances is in part due to their lagrangian nature which allows it to capture the important variations in many signal classes . however these distances require the signal to be nonnegative and normalized . furthermore , the signals are considered as measures and compared ←
→ large - scale detection of non - technical losses in imbalanced data sets ; non - technical losses ( ntl ) such as electricity theft cause significant harm to our economies , as in some countries they may range up to 40 % of the total electricity distributed . detecting ntls requires costly on - site inspections . accurate prediction of ntls for customers using machine learning is therefore crucial . to date , related research largely ignore that the two classes of regular and non - regular customers are highly imbalanced , t ←
→ deep deformable registration : enhancing accuracy by fully convolutional neural net ; deformable registration is ubiquitous in medical image analysis . many deformable registration methods minimize sum of squared difference ( ssd ) as the registration cost with respect to deformable model parameters . in this work , we construct a tight upper bound of the ssd registration cost by using a fully convolutional neural network ( fcnn ) in the registration pipeline . the upper bound ssd ( ub - ssd ) enhances the original de ←
→ deep generative models for relational data with side information ; we present a probabilistic framework for overlapping community discovery and link prediction for relational data , given as a graph . the proposed framework has : ( 1 ) a deep architecture which enables us to infer multiple layers of latent features / communities for each node , providing superior link prediction performance on more complex networks and better interpretability of the latent features ; and ( 2 ) a regression model which allows directly ←
→ translation - invariant representation for cumulative foot pressure images ; human can be distinguished by different limb movements and unique ground reaction force . cumulative foot pressure image is a 2 - d cumulative ground reaction force during one gait cycle . although it contains pressure spatial distribution information and pressure temporal distribution information , it suffers from several problems including different shoes and noise , when putting it into practice as a new biometric for pedestrian identif ←
→ maximum - margin structured learning with deep networks for 3d human pose estimation ; this paper focuses on structured - output learning using deep neural networks for 3d human pose estimation from monocular images . our network takes an image and 3d pose as inputs and outputs a score value , which is high when the image - pose pair matches and low otherwise . the network structure consists of a convolutional neural network for image feature extraction , followed by two sub - networks for transforming the image feat ←
→ wsnet : compact and efficient networks with weight sampling ; we present a new approach and a novel architecture , termed wsnet , for learning compact and efficient deep neural networks . existing approaches conventionally learn full model parameters independently at first and then compress them via ad hoc processing like model pruning or filter factorization . different from them , wsnet proposes learning model parameters by sampling from a compact set of learnable parameters , which naturally enforces parameter ←
→ sequential maximum margin classifiers for partially labeled data ; in many real - world applications , data is not collected as one batch , but sequentially over time , and often it is not possible or desirable to wait until the data is completely gathered before analyzing it . thus , we propose a framework to sequentially update a maximum margin classifier by taking advantage of the maximum entropy discrimination principle . our maximum margin classifier allows for a kernel representation to represent large number ←
→ tensor object classification via multilinear discriminant analysis network ; this paper proposes a multilinear discriminant analysis network ( mldanet ) for the recognition of multidimensional objects , known as tensor objects . the mldanet is a variation of linear discriminant analysis network ( ldanet ) and principal component analysis network ( pcanet ), both of which are the recently proposed deep learning algorithms . the mldanet consists of three parts : 1 ) the encoder learned by mlda from tensor data . 2 ) fea ←
→ ultradense word embeddings by orthogonal transformation ; embeddings are generic representations that are useful for many nlp tasks . in this paper , we introduce densifier , a method that learns an orthogonal transformation of the embedding space that focuses the information relevant for a task in an ultradense subspace of a dimensionality that is smaller by a factor of 100 than the original space . we show that ultradense embeddings generated by densifier reach state of the art on a lexicon creation task in w ←
→ the rough guide to constraint propagation ; we provide here a simple , yet very general framework that allows us to explain several constraint propagation algorithms in a systematic way . in particular , using the notions commutativity and semi - commutativity , we show how the well - known ac - 3 , pc - 2 , dac and dpc algorithms are instances of a single generic algorithm . the work reported here extends and simplifies that of apt , cs . ai / 9811024 .←
→ synthesising dynamic textures using convolutional neural networks ; here we present a parametric model for dynamic textures . the model is based on spatiotemporal summary statistics computed from the feature representations of a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) trained on object recognition . we demonstrate how the model can be used to synthesise new samples of dynamic textures and to predict motion in simple movies .←
→ a biological gradient descent for prediction through a combination of stdp and homeostatic plasticity ; identifying , formalizing and combining biological mechanisms which implement known brain functions , such as prediction , is a main aspect of current research in theoretical neuroscience . in this letter , the mechanisms of spike timing dependent plasticity ( stdp ) and homeostatic plasticity , combined in an original mathematical formalism , are shown to shape recurrent neural networks into predictors . followi ←
→ classification from pairwise similarity and unlabeled data ; one of the biggest bottlenecks in supervised learning is its high labeling cost . to overcome this problem , we propose a new weakly - supervised learning setting called su classification , where only similar ( s ) data pairs ( two examples belong to the same class ) and unlabeled ( u ) data are needed , instead of fully - supervised data . we show that an unbiased estimator of the classification risk can be obtained only from su data , and its empirical risk min ←
→ tensor regression networks with various low - rank tensor approximations ; tensor regression networks achieve high rate of compression of model parameters in multilayer perceptrons ( mlp ) while having slight impact on performances . tensor regression layer imposes low - rank constraints on the tensor regression layer which replaces the flattening operation of traditional mlp . we investigate tensor regression networks using various low - rank tensor approximations , aiming to leverage the multi - modal structure of hig ←
→ a modular analysis of adaptive ( non -) convex optimization : optimism , composite objectives , and variational bounds ; recently , much work has been done on extending the scope of online learning and incremental stochastic optimization algorithms . in this paper we contribute to this effort in two ways : first , based on a new regret decomposition and a generalization of bregman divergences , we provide a self - contained , modular analysis of the two workhorses of online learning : ( general ) adaptive versions of mirr ←
→ the vc - dimension of similarity hypotheses spaces ; given a set $ x $ and a function $ h : x \ longrightarrow \{ 0 , 1 \}$ which labels each element of $ x $ with either $ 0 $ or $ 1 $, we may define a function $ h ^{( s )}$ to measure the similarity of pairs of points in $ x $ according to $ h $. specifically , for $ h \ in \{ 0 , 1 \}^ x $ we define $ h ^{( s )}\ in \{ 0 , 1 \}^{ x \ times x }$ by $ h ^{( s )}( w , x ):= \ mathbb { 1 }[ h ( w ) = h ( x )]$. this idea can be extended to a set of functions , or hypothesis space $\ mathcal { h } \ subseteq \{ 0 , 1 \}^ x $ by defining a ←
→ cooperating with machines ; since alan turing envisioned artificial intelligence ( ai ) [ 1 ], a major driving force behind technical progress has been competition with human cognition . historical milestones have been frequently associated with computers matching or outperforming humans in difficult cognitive tasks ( e . g . face recognition [ 2 ], personality classification [ 3 ], driving cars [ 4 ], or playing video games [ 5 ]), or defeating humans in strategic zero - sum encounters ( e . g . chess [ 6 ], checkers [ 7 ], jeopardy ←
→ towards " alphachem ": chemical synthesis planning with tree search and deep neural network policies ; retrosynthesis is a technique to plan the chemical synthesis of organic molecules , for example drugs , agro - and fine chemicals . in retrosynthesis , a search tree is built by analysing molecules recursively and dissecting them into simpler molecular building blocks until one obtains a set of known building blocks . the search space is intractably large , and it is difficult to determine the value of retrosynth ←
→ image labeling and segmentation using hierarchical conditional random field model ; the use of hierarchical conditional random field model deal with the problem of labeling images . at the time of labeling a new image , selection of the nearest cluster and using the related crf model to label this image . when one give input image , one first use the crf model to get initial pixel labels then finding the cluster with most similar images . then at last relabeling the input image by the crf model associated wit ←
→ czech text document corpus v 2 . 0 ; this paper introduces " czech text document corpus v 2 . 0 ", a collection of text documents for automatic document classification in czech language . it is composed of the text documents provided by the czech news agency and is freely available for research purposes at http :// ctdc . kiv . zcu . cz /. this corpus was created in order to facilitate a straightforward comparison of the document classification approaches on czech data . it is particularly dedicated to evaluation of multi - l ←
→ learning hypergraph labeling for feature matching ; this study poses the feature correspondence problem as a hypergraph node labeling problem . candidate feature matches and their subsets ( usually of size larger than two ) are considered to be the nodes and hyperedges of a hypergraph . a hypergraph labeling algorithm , which models the subset - wise interaction by an undirected graphical model , is applied to label the nodes ( feature correspondences ) as correct or incorrect . we describe a method to learn the cost ←
→ controllable abstractive summarization ; current models for document summarization ignore user preferences such as the desired length , style or entities that the user has a preference for . we present a neural summarization model that enables users to specify such high level attributes in order to control the shape of the final summaries to better suit their needs . with user input , we show that our system can produce high quality summaries that are true to user preference . without user input , we can set the ←
→ unsupervised keyword extraction from polish legal texts ; in this work , we present an application of the recently proposed unsupervised keyword extraction algorithm rake to a corpus of polish legal texts from the field of public procurement . rake is essentially a language and domain independent method . its only language - specific input is a stoplist containing a set of non - content words . the performance of the method heavily depends on the choice of such a stoplist , which should be domain adopted . therefore ,←
→ feature selection using classifier in high dimensional data ; feature selection is frequently used as a pre - processing step to machine learning . it is a process of choosing a subset of original features so that the feature space is optimally reduced according to a certain evaluation criterion . the central objective of this paper is to reduce the dimension of the data by finding a small set of important features which can give good classification performance . we have applied filter and wrapper approach with ←
→ a unified approach for modeling and recognition of individual actions and group activities ; recognizing group activities is challenging due to the difficulties in isolating individual entities , finding the respective roles played by the individuals and representing the complex interactions among the participants . individual actions and group activities in videos can be represented in a common framework as they share the following common feature : both are composed of a set of low - level features describing ←
→ mlbench : how good are machine learning clouds for binary classification tasks on structured data ? ; we conduct an empirical study of machine learning functionalities provided by major cloud service providers , which we call machine learning clouds . machine learning clouds hold the promise of hiding all the sophistication of running large - scale machine learning : instead of specifying how to run a machine learning task , users only specify what machine learning task to run and the cloud figures out the rest . ←
→ blue sky ideas in artificial intelligence education from the eaai 2017 new and future ai educator program ; the 7th symposium on educational advances in artificial intelligence ( eaai ' 17 , co - chaired by sven koenig and eric eaton ) launched the eaai new and future ai educator program to support the training of early - career university faculty , secondary school faculty , and future educators ( phd candidates or postdocs who intend a career in academia ). as part of the program , awardees were asked to address one ←
→ optimal bangla keyboard layout using association rule of data mining ; in this paper we present an optimal bangla keyboard layout , which distributes the load equally on both hands so that maximizing the ease and minimizing the effort . bangla alphabet has a large number of letters , for this it is difficult to type faster using bangla keyboard . our proposed keyboard will maximize the speed of operator as they can type with both hands parallel . here we use the association rule of data mining to distribute the ←
→ iss - mult : intelligent sample selection for multi - task learning in question answering ; transferring knowledge from a source domain to another domain is useful , especially when gathering new data is very expensive and time - consuming . deep networks have been well - studied for question answering tasks in recent years ; however , no prominent research for transfer learning through deep neural networks exists in the question answering field . in this paper , two main methods ( init and mult ) in this field are examin ←
→ algebraic geometric comparison of probability distributions ; we propose a novel algebraic framework for treating probability distributions represented by their cumulants such as the mean and covariance matrix . as an example , we consider the unsupervised learning problem of finding the subspace on which several probability distributions agree . instead of minimizing an objective function involving the estimated cumulants , we show that by treating the cumulants as elements of the polynomial ring we can direct ←
→ expressiveness of rectifier networks ; rectified linear units ( relus ) have been shown to ameliorate the vanishing gradient problem , allow for efficient backpropagation , and empirically promote sparsity in the learned parameters . they have led to state - of - the - art results in a variety of applications . however , unlike threshold and sigmoid networks , relu networks are less explored from the perspective of their expressiveness . this paper studies the expressiveness of relu networks . we characterize the decision ←
→ enhancing the accuracy of biometric feature extraction fusion using gabor filter and mahalanobis distance algorithm ; biometric recognition systems have advanced significantly in the last decade and their use in specific applications will increase in the near future . the ability to conduct meaningful comparisons and assessments will be crucial to successful deployment and increasing biometric adoption . the best modality used as unimodal biometric systems are unable to fully address the problem of higher r ←
→ learning to avoid errors in gans by manipulating input spaces ; despite recent advances , large scale visual artifacts are still a common occurrence in images generated by gans . previous work has focused on improving the generator ' s capability to accurately imitate the data distribution $ p_ { data }$. in this paper , we instead explore methods that enable gans to actively avoid errors by manipulating the input space . the core idea is to apply small changes to each noise vector in order to shift them away from ar ←
→ a general theory of additive state space abstractions ; informally , a set of abstractions of a state space s is additive if the distance between any two states in s is always greater than or equal to the sum of the corresponding distances in the abstract spaces . the first known additive abstractions , called disjoint pattern databases , were experimentally demonstrated to produce state of the art performance on certain state spaces . however , previous applications were restricted to state spaces with special p ←
→ algorithms for dynamic spectrum access with learning for cognitive radio ; we study the problem of dynamic spectrum sensing and access in cognitive radio systems as a partially observed markov decision process ( pomdp ). a group of cognitive users cooperatively tries to exploit vacancies in primary ( licensed ) channels whose occupancies follow a markovian evolution . we first consider the scenario where the cognitive users have perfect knowledge of the distribution of the signals they receive from the primary u ←
→ character - level language modeling with hierarchical recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural network ( rnn ) based character - level language models ( clms ) are extremely useful for modeling out - of - vocabulary words by nature . however , their performance is generally much worse than the word - level language models ( wlms ), since clms need to consider longer history of tokens to properly predict the next one . we address this problem by proposing hierarchical rnn architectures , which consist of multiple modules ←
→ genetic programming for smart phone personalisation ; personalisation in smart phones requires adaptability to dynamic context based on user mobility , application usage and sensor inputs . current personalisation approaches , which rely on static logic that is developed a priori , do not provide sufficient adaptability to dynamic and unexpected context . this paper proposes genetic programming ( gp ), which can evolve program logic in realtime , as an online learning method to deal with the highly dynamic context ←
→ deep quantization : encoding convolutional activations with deep generative model ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have proven highly effective for visual recognition , where learning a universal representation from activations of convolutional layer plays a fundamental problem . in this paper , we present fisher vector encoding with variational auto - encoder ( fv - vae ), a novel deep architecture that quantizes the local activations of convolutional layer in a deep generative model , by training them i ←
→ valuation - based systems for discrete optimization ; this paper describes valuation - based systems for representing and solving discrete optimization problems . in valuation - based systems , we represent information in an optimization problem using variables , sample spaces of variables , a set of values , and functions that map sample spaces of sets of variables to the set of values . the functions , called valuations , represent the factors of an objective function . solving the optimization problem involves using tw ←
→ stock trend prediction using news sentiment analysis ; efficient market hypothesis is the popular theory about stock prediction . with its failure much research has been carried in the area of prediction of stocks . this project is about taking non quantifiable data such as financial news articles about a company and predicting its future stock trend with news sentiment classification . assuming that news articles have impact on stock market , this is an attempt to study relationship between news and stock tren ←
→ a dichotomy theorem for general minimum cost homomorphism problem ; in the constraint satisfaction problem ($ csp $), the aim is to find an assignment of values to a set of variables subject to specified constraints . in the minimum cost homomorphism problem ($ minhom $), one is additionally given weights $ c_ { va }$ for every variable $ v $ and value $ a $, and the aim is to find an assignment $ f $ to the variables that minimizes $\ sum_ { v } c_ { vf ( v )}$. let $ minhom (\ gamma )$ denote the $ minhom $ problem parameterized by th ←
→ verifying heaps ' law using google books ngram data ; this article is devoted to the verification of the empirical heaps law in european languages using google books ngram corpus data . the connection between word distribution frequency and expected dependence of individual word number on text size is analysed in terms of a simple probability model of text generation . it is shown that the heaps exponent varies significantly within characteristic time intervals of 60 - 100 years .←
→ solving fourier ptychographic imaging problems via neural network modeling and tensorflow ; fourier ptychography is a recently developed imaging approach for large field - of - view and high - resolution microscopy . here we model the fourier ptychographic forward imaging process using a convolution neural network ( cnn ) and recover the complex object information in the network training process . in this approach , the input of the network is the point spread function in the spatial domain or the coherent transfer ←
→ minimax optimal algorithms for unconstrained linear optimization ; we design and analyze minimax - optimal algorithms for online linear optimization games where the player ' s choice is unconstrained . the player strives to minimize regret , the difference between his loss and the loss of a post - hoc benchmark strategy . the standard benchmark is the loss of the best strategy chosen from a bounded comparator set . when the the comparison set and the adversary ' s gradients satisfy l_infinity bounds , we give the value ←
→ rigid point registration with expectation conditional maximization ; this paper addresses the issue of matching rigid 3d object points with 2d image points through point registration based on maximum likelihood principle in computer simulated images . perspective projection is necessary when transforming 3d coordinate into 2d . the problem then recasts into a missing data framework where unknown correspondences are handled via mixture models . adopting the expectation conditional maximization for point registr ←
→ an improved modified cholesky decomposition method for inverse covariance matrix estimation ; the modified cholesky decomposition is commonly used for inverse covariance matrix estimation given a specified order of random variables . however , the order of variables is often not available or cannot be pre - determined . hence , we propose a novel estimator to address the variable order issue in the modified cholesky decomposition to estimate the sparse inverse covariance matrix . the key idea is to effectively c ←
→ an improved oscillating - error classifier with branching ; this paper extends the earlier work on an oscillating error correction technique . specifically , it extends the design to include further corrections , by adding new layers to the classifier through a branching method . this technique is still consistent with earlier work and also neural networks in general . with this extended design , the classifier can now achieve the high levels of accuracy reported previously .←
→ a hybrid evolutionary algorithm with importance sampling for multi - dimensional optimization ; a hybrid evolutionary algorithm with importance sampling method is proposed for multi - dimensional optimization problems in this paper . in order to make use of the information provided in the search process , a set of visited solutions is selected to give scores for intervals in each dimension , and they are updated as algorithm proceeds . those intervals with higher scores are regarded as good intervals , which are u ←
→ speed / accuracy trade - offs for modern convolutional object detectors ; the goal of this paper is to serve as a guide for selecting a detection architecture that achieves the right speed / memory / accuracy balance for a given application and platform . to this end , we investigate various ways to trade accuracy for speed and memory usage in modern convolutional object detection systems . a number of successful systems have been proposed in recent years , but apples - to - apples comparisons are difficult due to differen ←
→ accelerated variance reduced stochastic admm ; recently , many variance reduced stochastic alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) methods ( e . g .\ sag - admm , sdca - admm and svrg - admm ) have made exciting progress such as linear convergence rates for strongly convex problems . however , the best known convergence rate for general convex problems is o ( 1 / t ) as opposed to o ( 1 / t ^ 2 ) of accelerated batch algorithms , where $ t $ is the number of iterations . thus , there still remains a gap in convergence rates bet ←
→ ripple down rules for question answering ; recent years have witnessed a new trend of building ontology - based question answering systems . these systems use semantic web information to produce more precise answers to users ' queries . however , these systems are mostly designed for english . in this paper , we introduce an ontology - based question answering system named kbqas which , to the best of our knowledge , is the first one made for vietnamese . kbqas employs our question analysis approach that systematically ←
→ learning face age progression : a pyramid architecture of gans ; the two underlying requirements of face age progression , i . e . aging accuracy and identity permanence , are not well handled in the literature . in this paper , we present a novel generative adversarial network based approach . it separately models the constraints for the intrinsic subject - specific characteristics and the age - specific facial changes with respect to the elapsed time , ensuring that the generated faces present desired aging effects whi ←
→ can the early human visual system compete with deep neural networks ? ; we study and compare the human visual system and state - of - the - art deep neural networks on classification of distorted images . different from previous works , we limit the display time to 100ms to test only the early mechanisms of the human visual system , without allowing time for any eye movements or other higher level processes . our findings show that the human visual system still outperforms modern deep neural networks under blurry and ←
→ graph - based isometry invariant representation learning ; learning transformation invariant representations of visual data is an important problem in computer vision . deep convolutional networks have demonstrated remarkable results for image and video classification tasks . however , they have achieved only limited success in the classification of images that undergo geometric transformations . in this work we present a novel transformation invariant graph - based network ( tigranet ), which learns graph - based feat ←
→ deep karaoke : extracting vocals from musical mixtures using a convolutional deep neural network ; identification and extraction of singing voice from within musical mixtures is a key challenge in source separation and machine audition . recently , deep neural networks ( dnn ) have been used to estimate ' ideal ' binary masks for carefully controlled cocktail party speech separation problems . however , it is not yet known whether these methods are capable of generalizing to the discrimination of voice and non - voi ←
→ combining multiple time series models through a robust weighted mechanism ; improvement of time series forecasting accuracy through combining multiple models is an important as well as a dynamic area of research . as a result , various forecasts combination methods have been developed in literature . however , most of them are based on simple linear ensemble strategies and hence ignore the possible relationships between two or more participating models . in this paper , we propose a robust weighted nonlinear en ←
→ online article ranking as a constrained , dynamic , multi - objective optimization problem ; the content ranking problem in a social news website , is typically a function that maximizes a scalar metric of interest like dwell - time . however , like in most real - world applications we are interested in more than one metric --- for instance simultaneously maximizing click - through rate , monetization metrics , dwell - time --- and also satisfy the traffic requirements promised to different publishers . all this needs to be do ←
→ tempered adversarial networks ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have been shown to produce realistic samples from high - dimensional distributions , but training them is considered hard . a possible explanation for training instabilities is the inherent imbalance between the networks : while the discriminator is trained directly on both real and fake samples , the generator only has control over the fake samples it produces since the real data distribution is fixed by the choice of a given dataset . we prop ←
→ a tutorial on online supervised learning with applications to node classification in social networks ; we revisit the elegant observation of t . cover ' 65 which , perhaps , is not as well - known to the broader community as it should be . the first goal of the tutorial is to explain --- through the prism of this elementary result --- how to solve certain sequence prediction problems by modeling sets of solutions rather than the unknown data - generating mechanism . we extend cover ' s observation in several directions a ←
→ fast and accurate semantic mapping through geometric - based incremental segmentation ; we propose an efficient and scalable method for incrementally building a dense , semantically annotated 3d map in real - time . the proposed method assigns class probabilities to each region , not each element ( e . g ., surfel and voxel ), of the 3d map which is built up through a robust slam framework and incrementally segmented with a geometric - based segmentation method . differently from all other approaches , our method has a c ←
→ learning causal graphs with small interventions ; we consider the problem of learning causal networks with interventions , when each intervention is limited in size under pearl ' s structural equation model with independent errors ( sem - ie ). the objective is to minimize the number of experiments to discover the causal directions of all the edges in a causal graph . previous work has focused on the use of separating systems for complete graphs for this task . we prove that any deterministic adaptive algorithm need ←
→ comparing time and frequency domain for audio event recognition using deep learning ; recognizing acoustic events is an intricate problem for a machine and an emerging field of research . deep neural networks achieve convincing results and are currently the state - of - the - art approach for many tasks . one advantage is their implicit feature learning , opposite to an explicit feature extraction of the input signal . in this work , we analyzed whether more discriminative features can be learned from either the tim ←
→ an overview of hindi speech recognition ; in this age of information technology , information access in a convenient manner has gained importance . since speech is a primary mode of communication among human beings , it is natural for people to expect to be able to carry out spoken dialogue with computer . speech recognition system permits ordinary people to speak to the computer to retrieve information . it is desirable to have a human computer dialogue in local language . hindi being the most widely spoken lang ←
→ interpretable probabilistic embeddings : bridging the gap between topic models and neural networks ; we consider probabilistic topic models and more recent word embedding techniques from a perspective of learning hidden semantic representations . inspired by a striking similarity of the two approaches , we merge them and learn probabilistic embeddings with online em - algorithm on word co - occurrence data . the resulting embeddings perform on par with skip - gram negative sampling ( sgns ) on word similarity tasks a ←
→ joint video and text parsing for understanding events and answering queries ; we propose a framework for parsing video and text jointly for understanding events and answering user queries . our framework produces a parse graph that represents the compositional structures of spatial information ( objects and scenes ), temporal information ( actions and events ) and causal information ( causalities between events and fluents ) in the video and text . the knowledge representation of our framework is based on a spati ←
→ supersparse linear integer models for optimized medical scoring systems ; scoring systems are linear classification models that only require users to add , subtract and multiply a few small numbers in order to make a prediction . these models are in widespread use by the medical community , but are difficult to learn from data because they need to be accurate and sparse , have coprime integer coefficients , and satisfy multiple operational constraints . we present a new method for creating data - driven scoring sys ←
→ n - gram opcode analysis for android malware detection ; android malware has been on the rise in recent years due to the increasing popularity of android and the proliferation of third party application markets . emerging android malware families are increasingly adopting sophisticated detection avoidance techniques and this calls for more effective approaches for android malware detection . hence , in this paper we present and evaluate an n - gram opcode features based approach that utilizes machine learning to i ←
→ generative bridging network in neural sequence prediction ; in order to alleviate data sparsity and overfitting problems in maximum likelihood estimation ( mle ) for sequence prediction tasks , we propose the generative bridging network ( gbn ), in which a novel bridge module is introduced to assist the training of the sequence prediction model ( the generator network ). unlike mle directly maximizing the conditional likelihood , the bridge extends the point - wise ground truth to a bridge distribution conditioned on ←
→ a dirichlet mixture model of hawkes processes for event sequence clustering ; we propose an effective method to solve the event sequence clustering problems based on a novel dirichlet mixture model of a special but significant type of point processes --- hawkes process . in this model , each event sequence belonging to a cluster is generated via the same hawkes process with specific parameters , and different clusters correspond to different hawkes processes . the prior distribution of the hawkes processes is ←
→ splode : semi - probabilistic point and line odometry with depth estimation from rgb - d camera motion ; active depth cameras suffer from several limitations , which cause incomplete and noisy depth maps , and may consequently affect the performance of rgb - d odometry . to address this issue , this paper presents a visual odometry method based on point and line features that leverages both measurements from a depth sensor and depth estimates from camera motion . depth estimates are generated continuously by a probab ←
→ geomrdf : a geodata converter with a fine - grained structured representation of geometry in the web ; in recent years , with the advent of the web of data , a growing number of national mapping agencies tend to publish their geospatial data as linked data . however , differences between traditional gis data models and linked data model can make the publication process more complicated . besides , it may require , to be done , the setting of several parameters and some expertise in the semantic web technologies . in ←
→ particle swarm optimization for weighted sum rate maximization in mimo broadcast channels ; in this paper , we investigate the downlink multiple - input - multipleoutput ( mimo ) broadcast channels in which a base transceiver station ( bts ) broadcasts multiple data streams to k mimo mobile stations ( mss ) simultaneously . in order to maximize the weighted sum - rate ( wsr ) of the system subject to the transmitted power constraint , the design problem is to find the pre - coding matrices at bts and the decoding matrices a ←
→ computational rationalization : the inverse equilibrium problem ; modeling the purposeful behavior of imperfect agents from a small number of observations is a challenging task . when restricted to the single - agent decision - theoretic setting , inverse optimal control techniques assume that observed behavior is an approximately optimal solution to an unknown decision problem . these techniques learn a utility function that explains the example behavior and can then be used to accurately predict or imitate future ←
→ growing graphs with hyperedge replacement graph grammars ; discovering the underlying structures present in large real world graphs is a fundamental scientific problem . in this paper we show that a graph ' s clique tree can be used to extract a hyperedge replacement grammar . if we store an ordering from the extraction process , the extracted graph grammar is guaranteed to generate an isomorphic copy of the original graph . or , a stochastic application of the graph grammar rules can be used to quickly create ran ←
→ comprehensive evaluation of opencl - based convolutional neural network accelerators in xilinx and altera fpgas ; deep learning has significantly advanced the state of the art in artificial intelligence , gaining wide popularity from both industry and academia . special interest is around convolutional neural networks ( cnn ), which take inspiration from the hierarchical structure of the visual cortex , to form deep layers of convolutional operations , along with fully connected classifiers . hardware implementati ←
→ geometric lattice structure of covering - based rough sets through matroids ; covering - based rough set theory is a useful tool to deal with inexact , uncertain or vague knowledge in information systems . geometric lattice has widely used in diverse fields , especially search algorithm design which plays important role in covering reductions . in this paper , we construct four geometric lattice structures of covering - based rough sets through matroids , and compare their relationships . first , a geometric lattice st ←
→ wavelet and fast fourier transform based analysis of solar image ; both of wavelet and fast fourier transform are strong signal processing tools in the field of data analysis . in this paper fast fourier transform ( fft ) and wavelet transform are employed to observe some important features of solar image ( december , 2004 ). we have tried to find out the periodicity and coherence of different sections of the solar image . we plotted the distribution of energy in solar surface by analyzing the solar image with sca ←
→ modeling human decision - making in generalized gaussian multi - armed bandits ; we present a formal model of human decision - making in explore - exploit tasks using the context of multi - armed bandit problems , where the decision - maker must choose among multiple options with uncertain rewards . we address the standard multi - armed bandit problem , the multi - armed bandit problem with transition costs , and the multi - armed bandit problem on graphs . we focus on the case of gaussian rewards in a setting where the decisio ←
→ a framework for automated cell tracking in phase contrast microscopic videos based on normal velocities ; this paper introduces a novel framework for the automated tracking of cells , with a particular focus on the challenging situation of phase contrast microscopic videos . our framework is based on a topology preserving variational segmentation approach applied to normal velocity components obtained from optical flow computations , which appears to yield robust tracking and automated extraction of cell tra ←
→ robust estimation via robust gradient estimation ; we provide a new computationally - efficient class of estimators for risk minimization . we show that these estimators are robust for general statistical models : in the classical huber epsilon - contamination model and in heavy - tailed settings . our workhorse is a novel robust variant of gradient descent , and we provide conditions under which our gradient descent variant provides accurate estimators in a general convex risk minimization problem . we provide specif ←
→ logique mathématique et linguistique formelle ; as the etymology of the word shows , logic is intimately related to language , as exemplified by the work of philosophers from antiquity and from the middle - age . at the beginning of the xx century , the crisis of the foundations of mathematics invented mathematical logic and imposed logic as a language - based foundation for mathematics . how did the relations between logic and language evolved in this newly defined mathematical framework ? after a survey of the hist ←
→ the future of scientific simulations : from artificial life to artificial cosmogenesis ; this philosophical paper explores the relation between modern scientific simulations and the future of the universe . we argue that a simulation of an entire universe will result from future scientific activity . this requires us to tackle the challenge of simulating open - ended evolution at all levels in a single simulation . the simulation should encompass not only biological evolution , but also physical evolution ( a lev ←
→ hashtag healthcare : from tweets to mental health journals using deep transfer learning ; as the popularity of social media platforms continues to rise , an ever - increasing amount of human communication and self - expression takes place online . most recent research has focused on mining social media for public user opinion about external entities such as product reviews or sentiment towards political news . however , less attention has been paid to analyzing users ' internalized thoughts and emotions from a men ←
→ the interactive effects of operators and parameters to ga performance under different problem sizes ; the complex effect of genetic algorithm ' s ( ga ) operators and parameters to its performance has been studied extensively by researchers in the past but none studied their interactive effects while the ga is under different problem sizes . in this paper , we present the use of experimental model ( 1 )~ to investigate whether the genetic operators and their parameters interact to affect the offline performance of ←
→ the lexicographic closure as a revision process ; the connections between nonmonotonic reasoning and belief revision are well - known . a central problem in the area of nonmonotonic reasoning is the problem of default entailment , i . e ., when should an item of default information representing " if a is true then , normally , b is true " be said to follow from a given set of items of such information . many answers to this question have been proposed but , surprisingly , virtually none have attempted any explicit connec ←
→ joint structured learning and predictions under logical constraints in conditional random fields ; this paper is concerned with structured machine learning , in a supervised machine learning context . it discusses how to make joint structured learning on interdependent objects of different nature , as well as how to enforce logical con - straints when predicting labels . we explain how this need arose in a document understanding task . we then discuss a general extension to conditional random field ( crf ) for thi ←
→ ordering - based search : a simple and effective algorithm for learning bayesian networks ; one of the basic tasks for bayesian networks ( bns ) is that of learning a network structure from data . the bn - learning problem is np - hard , so the standard solution is heuristic search . many approaches have been proposed for this task , but only a very small number outperform the baseline of greedy hill - climbing with tabu lists ; moreover , many of the proposed algorithms are quite complex and hard to implement . in this pa ←
→ joint blind motion deblurring and depth estimation of light field ; removing camera motion blur from a single light field is a challenging task since it is highly ill - posed inverse problem . the problem becomes even worse when blur kernel varies spatially due to scene depth variation and high - order camera motion . in this paper , we propose a novel algorithm to estimate all blur model variables jointly , including latent sub - aperture image , camera motion , and scene depth from the blurred 4d light field . exploit ←
→ similarity - driven cluster merging method for unsupervised fuzzy clustering ; in this paper , a similarity - driven cluster merging method is proposed for unsuper - vised fuzzy clustering . the cluster merging method is used to resolve the problem of cluster validation . starting with an overspecified number of clusters in the data , pairs of similar clusters are merged based on the proposed similarity - driven cluster merging criterion . the similarity between clusters is calculated by a fuzzy cluster similarity mat ←
→ affine - gradient based local binary pattern descriptor for texture classiffication ; we present a novel affine - gradient based local binary pattern ( aglbp ) descriptor for texture classification . it is very hard to describe complicated texture using single type information , such as local binary pattern ( lbp ), which just utilizes the sign information of the difference between the pixel and its local neighbors . our descriptor has three characteristics : 1 ) in order to make full use of the information contained ←
→ skeleton - based action recognition using lstm and cnn ; recent methods based on 3d skeleton data have achieved outstanding performance due to its conciseness , robustness , and view - independent representation . with the development of deep learning , convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) and long short term memory ( lstm )- based learning methods have achieved promising performance for action recognition . however , for cnn - based methods , it is inevitable to loss temporal information when a sequence is encoded into ima ←
→ on the reconstruction risk of convolutional sparse dictionary learning ; sparse dictionary learning ( sdl ) has become a popular method for adaptively identifying parsimonious representations of a dataset , a fundamental problem in machine learning and signal processing . while most work on sdl assumes a training dataset of independent and identically distributed samples , a variant known as convolutional sparse dictionary learning ( csdl ) relaxes this assumption , allowing more general sequential data sources , su ←
→ ldop : local directional order pattern for robust face retrieval ; the local descriptors have gained wide range of attention due to their enhanced discriminative abilities . it has been proved that the consideration of multi - scale local neighborhood improves the performance of the descriptor , though at the cost of increased dimension . this paper proposes a novel method to construct a local descriptor using multi - scale neighborhood by finding the local directional order among the intensity values at different ←
→ active ranking from pairwise comparisons and when parametric assumptions don ' t help ; we consider sequential or active ranking of a set of n items based on noisy pairwise comparisons . items are ranked according to the probability that a given item beats a randomly chosen item , and ranking refers to partitioning the items into sets of pre - specified sizes according to their scores . this notion of ranking includes as special cases the identification of the top - k items and the total ordering of the items . we ←
→ a prototype malayalam to sign language automatic translator ; sign language , which is a medium of communication for deaf people , uses manual communication and body language to convey meaning , as opposed to using sound . this paper presents a prototype malayalam text to sign language translation system . the proposed system takes malayalam text as input and generates corresponding sign language . output animation is rendered using a computer generated model . this system will help to disseminate information to t ←
→ a combined method of fractal and glcm features for mri and ct scan images classification ; fractal analysis has been shown to be useful in image processing for characterizing shape and gray - scale complexity . the fractal feature is a compact descriptor used to give a numerical measure of the degree of irregularity of the medical images . this descriptor property does not give ownership of the local image structure . in this paper , we present a combination of this parameter based on box counting with glcm fea ←
→ characterizing ranked chinese syllable - to - character mapping spectrum : a bridge between the spoken and written chinese language ; one important aspect of the relationship between spoken and written chinese is the ranked syllable - to - character mapping spectrum , which is the ranked list of syllables by the number of characters that map to the syllable . previously , this spectrum is analyzed for more than 400 syllables without distinguishing the four intonations . in the current study , the spectrum with 1280 ton ←
→ non - convex regularization in remote sensing ; in this paper , we study the effect of different regularizers and their implications in high dimensional image classification and sparse linear unmixing . although kernelization or sparse methods are globally accepted solutions for processing data in high dimensions , we present here a study on the impact of the form of regularization used and its parametrization . we consider regularization via traditional squared ( 2 ) and sparsity - promoting ( 1 ) norms , as well as mo ←
→ an unsupervised algorithm for learning lie group transformations ; we present several theoretical contributions which allow lie groups to be fit to high dimensional datasets . transformation operators are represented in their eigen - basis , reducing the computational complexity of parameter estimation to that of training a linear transformation model . a transformation specific " blurring " operator is introduced that allows inference to escape local minima via a smoothing of the transformation space . a penalty o ←
→ how good is good enough ? re - evaluating the bar for energy disaggregation ; since the early 1980s , the research community has developed ever more sophisticated algorithms for the problem of energy disaggregation , but despite decades of research , there is still a dearth of applications with demonstrated value . in this work , we explore a question that is highly pertinent to this research community : how good does energy disaggregation need to be in order to infer characteristics of a household ? we present novel ←
→ non - monotonicity in probabilistic reasoning ; we start by defining an approach to non - monotonic probabilistic reasoning in terms of non - monotonic categorical ( true - false ) reasoning . we identify a type of non - monotonic probabilistic reasoning , akin to default inheritance , that is commonly found in practice , especially in " evidential " and " bayesian " reasoning . we formulate this in terms of the maximization of conditional independence ( mci ), and identify a variety of applications for this sort of default . we p ←
→ a characterization of monotone influence measures for data classification ; in this work we focus on the following question : how important was the i - th feature in determining the outcome for a given datapoint ? we identify a family of influence measures ; functions that , given a datapoint x , assign a value phi_i ( x ) to every feature i , which roughly corresponds to that i ' s importance in determining the outcome for x . this family is uniquely derived from a set of axioms : desirable properties that any reasonab ←
→ scientific information extraction with semi - supervised neural tagging ; this paper addresses the problem of extracting keyphrases from scientific articles and categorizing them as corresponding to a task , process , or material . we cast the problem as sequence tagging and introduce semi - supervised methods to a neural tagging model , which builds on recent advances in named entity recognition . since annotated training data is scarce in this domain , we introduce a graph - based semi - supervised algorithm together w ←
→ deep episodic value iteration for model - based meta - reinforcement learning ; we present a new deep meta reinforcement learner , which we call deep episodic value iteration ( devi ). devi uses a deep neural network to learn a similarity metric for a non - parametric model - based reinforcement learning algorithm . our model is trained end - to - end via back - propagation . despite being trained using the model - free q - learning objective , we show that devi ' s model - based internal structure provides ` one - shot ' transfer to ch ←
→ founding digital currency on imprecise commodity ; current digital currency schemes provide instantaneous exchange on precise commodity , in which " precise " means a buyer can possibly verify the function of the commodity without error . however , imprecise commodities , e . g . statistical data , with error existing are abundant in digital world . existing digital currency schemes do not offer a mechanism to help the buyer for payment decision on precision of commodity , which may lead the buyer to a dilemma between ←
→ metric and kernel learning using a linear transformation ; metric and kernel learning are important in several machine learning applications . however , most existing metric learning algorithms are limited to learning metrics over low - dimensional data , while existing kernel learning algorithms are often limited to the transductive setting and do not generalize to new data points . in this paper , we study metric learning as a problem of learning a linear transformation of the input data . we show that for high - d ←
→ towards minimax online learning with unknown time horizon ; we consider online learning when the time horizon is unknown . we apply a minimax analysis , beginning with the fixed horizon case , and then moving on to two unknown - horizon settings , one that assumes the horizon is chosen randomly according to some known distribution , and the other which allows the adversary full control over the horizon . for the random horizon setting with restricted losses , we derive a fully optimal minimax algorithm . and for the ←
→ training and evaluating multimodal word embeddings with large - scale web annotated images ; in this paper , we focus on training and evaluating effective word embeddings with both text and visual information . more specifically , we introduce a large - scale dataset with 300 million sentences describing over 40 million images crawled and downloaded from publicly available pins ( i . e . an image with sentence descriptions uploaded by users ) on pinterest . this dataset is more than 200 times larger than ms coco , the ←
→ online learning in decentralized multiuser resource sharing problems ; in this paper , we consider the general scenario of resource sharing in a decentralized system when the resource rewards / qualities are time - varying and unknown to the users , and using the same resource by multiple users leads to reduced quality due to resource sharing . firstly , we consider a user - independent reward model with no communication between the users , where a user gets feedback about the congestion level in the resource it uses .←
→ the power of constraint grammars revisited ; sequential constraint grammar ( scg ) ( karlsson , 1990 ) and its extensions have lacked clear connections to formal language theory . the purpose of this article is to lay a foundation for these connections by simplifying the definition of strings processed by the grammar and by showing that nonmonotonic scg is undecidable and that derivations similar to the generative phonology exist . the current investigations propose resource bounds that restrict the generative pow ←
→ probabilistic and regularized graph convolutional networks ; this paper explores the recently proposed graph convolutional network architecture proposed in ( kipf & welling , 2016 ) the key points of their work is summarized and their results are reproduced . graph regularization and alternative graph convolution approaches are explored . i find that explicit graph regularization was correctly rejected by ( kipf & welling , 2016 ). i attempt to improve the performance of gcn by approximating a k - step transition mat ←
→ beyond volume : the impact of complex healthcare data on the machine learning pipeline ; from medical charts to national census , healthcare has traditionally operated under a paper - based paradigm . however , the past decade has marked a long and arduous transformation bringing healthcare into the digital age . ranging from electronic health records , to digitized imaging and laboratory reports , to public health datasets , today , healthcare now generates an incredible amount of digital information . such a wealth ←
→ performance guaranteed network acceleration via high - order residual quantization ; input binarization has shown to be an effective way for network acceleration . however , previous binarization scheme could be regarded as simple pixel - wise thresholding operations ( i . e ., order - one approximation ) and suffers a big accuracy loss . in this paper , we propose a highorder binarization scheme , which achieves more accurate approximation while still possesses the advantage of binary operation . in particular , the propo ←
→ deslib : a dynamic ensemble selection library in python ; deslib is an open - source python library providing the implementation of several dynamic selection techniques . the library is divided into three modules : ( i ) dcs , containing the implementation of dynamic classifier selection methods ( dcs ); ( ii ) des , containing the implementation of dynamic ensemble selection methods ( des ); ( iii ) static , with the implementation of static ensemble techniques . the library is fully documented ( documentation available onlin ←
→ mutan : multimodal tucker fusion for visual question answering ; bilinear models provide an appealing framework for mixing and merging information in visual question answering ( vqa ) tasks . they help to learn high level associations between question meaning and visual concepts in the image , but they suffer from huge dimensionality issues . we introduce mutan , a multimodal tensor - based tucker decomposition to efficiently parametrize bilinear interactions between visual and textual representations . additionally ←
→ contextlocnet : context - aware deep network models for weakly supervised localization ; we aim to localize objects in images using image - level supervision only . previous approaches to this problem mainly focus on discriminative object regions and often fail to locate precise object boundaries . we address this problem by introducing two types of context - aware guidance models , additive and contrastive models , that leverage their surrounding context regions to improve localization . the additive model encourage ←
→ strategic coalitions with perfect recall ; the paper proposes a bimodal logic that describes an interplay between distributed knowledge modality and coalition know - how modality . unlike other similar systems , the one proposed here assumes perfect recall by all agents . perfect recall is captured in the system by a single axiom . the main technical results are the soundness and the completeness theorems for the proposed logical system .←
→ assessing system agreement and instance difficulty in the lexical sample tasks of senseval - 2 ; this paper presents a comparative evaluation among the systems that participated in the spanish and english lexical sample tasks of senseval - 2 . the focus is on pairwise comparisons among systems to assess the degree to which they agree , and on measuring the difficulty of the test instances included in these tasks .←
→ distributed clustering of linear bandits in peer to peer networks ; we provide two distributed confidence ball algorithms for solving linear bandit problems in peer to peer networks with limited communication capabilities . for the first , we assume that all the peers are solving the same linear bandit problem , and prove that our algorithm achieves the optimal asymptotic regret rate of any centralised algorithm that can instantly communicate information between the peers . for the second , we assume that there ←
→ kernel - based conditional independence test and application in causal discovery ; conditional independence testing is an important problem , especially in bayesian network learning and causal discovery . due to the curse of dimensionality , testing for conditional independence of continuous variables is particularly challenging . we propose a kernel - based conditional independence test ( kci - test ), by constructing an appropriate test statistic and deriving its asymptotic distribution under the null hypothesis of ←
→ deep learning features at scale for visual place recognition ; the success of deep learning techniques in the computer vision domain has triggered a range of initial investigations into their utility for visual place recognition , all using generic features from networks that were trained for other types of recognition tasks . in this paper , we train , at large scale , two cnn architectures for the specific place recognition task and employ a multi - scale feature encoding method to generate condition - and viewpo ←
→ a hypercat - enabled semantic internet of things data hub : technical report ; an increasing amount of information is generated from the rapidly increasing number of sensor networks and smart devices . a wide variety of sources generate and publish information in different formats , thus highlighting interoperability as one of the key prerequisites for the success of internet of things ( iot ). the bt hypercat data hub provides a focal point for the sharing and consumption of available datasets from a wide range ←
→ unsupervised fusion weight learning in multiple classifier systems ; in this paper we present an unsupervised method to learn the weights with which the scores of multiple classifiers must be combined in classifier fusion settings . we also introduce a novel metric for ranking instances based on an index which depends upon the rank of weighted scores of test points among the weighted scores of training points . we show that the optimized index can be used for computing measures such as average precision . unli ←
→ learning to generate samples from noise through infusion training ; in this work , we investigate a novel training procedure to learn a generative model as the transition operator of a markov chain , such that , when applied repeatedly on an unstructured random noise sample , it will denoise it into a sample that matches the target distribution from the training set . the novel training procedure to learn this progressive denoising operation involves sampling from a slightly different chain than the model chain ←
→ scalable algorithms for tractable schatten quasi - norm minimization ; the schatten - p quasi - norm $( 0 < p < 1 )$ is usually used to replace the standard nuclear norm in order to approximate the rank function more accurately . however , existing schatten - p quasi - norm minimization algorithms involve singular value decomposition ( svd ) or eigenvalue decomposition ( evd ) in each iteration , and thus may become very slow and impractical for large - scale problems . in this paper , we first define two tractable schatten quasi - nor ←
→ improving optimization in models with continuous symmetry breaking ; many loss functions in representation learning are invariant under a continuous symmetry transformation . as an example , consider word embeddings ( mikolov et al ., 2013 ), where the loss remains unchanged if we simultaneously rotate all word and context embedding vectors . we show that representation learning models with a continuous symmetry and a quadratic markovian time series prior possess so - called goldstone modes . these are low cost devi ←
→ improving a multi - source neural machine translation model with corpus extension for low - resource languages ; in machine translation , we often try to collect resources to improve performance . however , most of the language pairs , such as korean - arabic and korean - vietnamese , do not have enough resources to train machine translation systems . in this paper , we propose the use of synthetic methods for extending a low - resource corpus and apply it to a multi - source neural machine translation model . we showed the ←
→ how should a fixed budget of dwell time be spent in scanning electron microscopy to optimize image quality ? ; in scanning electron microscopy , the achievable image quality is often limited by a maximum feasible acquisition time per dataset . particularly with regard to three - dimensional or large field - of - view imaging , a compromise must be found between a high amount of shot noise , which leads to a low signal - to - noise ratio , and excessive acquisition times . assuming a fixed acquisition time per frame , we co ←
→ identifying outliers using influence function of multiple kernel canonical correlation analysis ; imaging genetic research has essentially focused on discovering unique and co - association effects , but typically ignoring to identify outliers or atypical objects in genetic as well as non - genetics variables . identifying significant outliers is an essential and challenging issue for imaging genetics and multiple sources data analysis . therefore , we need to examine for transcription errors of identified outlie ←
→ provable approximation properties for deep neural networks ; we discuss approximation of functions using deep neural nets . given a function $ f $ on a $ d $- dimensional manifold $\ gamma \ subset \ mathbb { r }^ m $, we construct a sparsely - connected depth - 4 neural network and bound its error in approximating $ f $. the size of the network depends on dimension and curvature of the manifold $\ gamma $, the complexity of $ f $, in terms of its wavelet description , and only weakly on the ambient dimension $ m $. essentially , our ←
→ real time ridge orientation estimation for fingerprint images ; fingerprint verification is an important bio - metric technique for personal identification . most of the automatic verification systems are based on matching of fingerprint minutiae . extraction of minutiae is an essential process which requires estimation of orientation of the lines in an image . most of the existing methods involve intense mathematical computations and hence are performed through software means . in this paper a hardware scheme to ←
→ continuous parameter working memory in a balanced chaotic neural network ; it has been proposed that neural noise in the cortex arises from chaotic dynamics in the balanced state : in this model of cortical dynamics , the excitatory and inhibitory inputs to each neuron approximately cancel , and activity is driven by fluctuations of the synaptic inputs around their mean . it remains unclear whether neural networks in the balanced state can perform tasks that are highly sensitive to noise , such as storage of con ←
→ spiking neurons with asnn based - methods for the neural block cipher ; problem statement : this paper examines artificial spiking neural network ( asnn ) which inter - connects group of artificial neurons that uses a mathematical model with the aid of block cipher . the aim of undertaken this research is to come up with a block cipher where by the keys are randomly generated by asnn which can then have any variable block length . this will show the private key is kept and do not have to be exchange to the other sid ←
→ on defining ' i ' " i logy " ; could we define i ? throughout this article we give a negative answer to this question . more exactly , we show that there is no definition for i in a certain way . but this negative answer depends on our definition of definability . here , we try to consider sufficient generalized definition of definability . in the middle of paper a paradox will arise which makes us to modify the way we use the concept of property and definability .←
→ initialization free graph based clustering ; this paper proposes an original approach to cluster multi - component data sets , including an estimation of the number of clusters . from the construction of a minimal spanning tree with prim ' s algorithm , and the assumption that the vertices are approximately distributed according to a poisson distribution , the number of clusters is estimated by thresholding the prim ' s trajectory . the corresponding cluster centroids are then computed in order to initialize the gener ←
→ towards learning to perceive and reason about liquids ; recent advances in ai and robotics have claimed many incredible results with deep learning , yet no work to date has applied deep learning to the problem of liquid perception and reasoning . in this paper , we apply fully - convolutional deep neural networks to the tasks of detecting and tracking liquids . we evaluate three models : a single - frame network , multi - frame network , and a lstm recurrent network . our results show that the best liquid detection resul ←
→ alife model of evolutionary emergence of purposeful adaptive behavior ; the process of evolutionary emergence of purposeful adaptive behavior is investigated by means of computer simulations . the model proposed implies that there is an evolving population of simple agents , which have two natural needs : energy and reproduction . any need is characterized quantitatively by a corresponding motivation . motivations determine goal - directed behavior of agents . the model demonstrates that purposeful behavior does em ←
→ extract an essential skeleton of a character as a graph from a character image ; this paper aims to make a graph representing an essential skeleton of a character from an image that includes a machine printed or a handwritten character using the growing neural gas ( gng ) method and the relative neighborhood graph ( rng ) algorithm . the visual system in our brain can recognize printed characters and handwritten characters easily , robustly , and precisely . how can our brains robustly recognize characters ? in th ←
→ distributed algorithms for feature extraction off - loading in multi - camera visual sensor networks ; real - time visual analysis tasks , like tracking and recognition , require swift execution of computationally intensive algorithms . visual sensor networks can be enabled to perform such tasks by augmenting the sensor network with processing nodes and distributing the computational burden in a way that the cameras contend for the processing nodes while trying to minimize their task completion times . in this pape ←
→ robustness , evolvability and phenotypic complexity : insights from evolving digital circuits ; we show how the characteristics of the evolutionary algorithm influence the evolvability of candidate solutions , i . e . the propensity of evolving individuals to generate better solutions as a result of genetic variation . more specifically , ( 1 +{\ lambda }) evolutionary strategies largely outperform ({\ mu }+ 1 ) evolutionary strategies in the context of the evolution of digital circuits --- a domain characterized by a hi ←
→ generalized prediction intervals for arbitrary distributed high - dimensional data ; this paper generalizes the traditional statistical concept of prediction intervals for arbitrary probability density functions in high - dimensional feature spaces by introducing significance level distributions , which provides interval - independent probabilities for continuous random variables . the advantage of the transformation of a probability density function into a significance level distribution is that it enables one - c ←
→ privacy tradeoffs in predictive analytics ; online services routinely mine user data to predict user preferences , make recommendations , and place targeted ads . recent research has demonstrated that several private user attributes ( such as political affiliation , sexual orientation , and gender ) can be inferred from such data . can a privacy - conscious user benefit from personalization while simultaneously protecting her private attributes ? we study this question in the context of a rating prediction service bas ←
→ adasecant : robust adaptive secant method for stochastic gradient ; stochastic gradient algorithms have been the main focus of large - scale learning problems and they led to important successes in machine learning . the convergence of sgd depends on the careful choice of learning rate and the amount of the noise in stochastic estimates of the gradients . in this paper , we propose a new adaptive learning rate algorithm , which utilizes curvature information for automatically tuning the learning rates . the informa ←
→ stem - calyx recognition of an apple using shape descriptors ; this paper presents a novel method to recognize stem - calyx of an apple using shape descriptors . the main drawback of existing apple grading techniques is that stem - calyx part of an apple is treated as defects , this leads to poor grading of apples . in order to overcome this drawback , we proposed an approach to recognize stem - calyx and differentiated from true defects based on shape features . our method comprises of steps such as segmentation of ←
→ three tiers neighborhood graph and multi - graph fusion ranking for multi - feature image retrieval : a manifold aspect ; single feature is inefficient to describe content of an image , which is a shortcoming in traditional image retrieval task . we know that one image can be described by different features . multi - feature fusion ranking can be utilized to improve the ranking list of query . in this paper , we first analyze graph structure and multi - feature fusion re - ranking from manifold aspect . then , three tiers ←
→ coupled deep learning for heterogeneous face recognition ; heterogeneous face matching is a challenge issue in face recognition due to large domain difference as well as insufficient pairwise images in different modalities during training . this paper proposes a coupled deep learning ( cdl ) approach for the heterogeneous face matching . cdl seeks a shared feature space in which the heterogeneous face matching problem can be approximately treated as a homogeneous face matching problem . the objective function of ←
→ zero - shot deep domain adaptation ; the existing methods of domain adaptation ( da ) work under the assumption that the task - relevant target - domain training data is given . however , such assumption can be violated , which is often ignored by the prior works . to tackle this issue , we propose zero - shot deep domain adaptation ( zdda ), which uses the privileged information from the task - irrelevant dual - domain pairs . zdda learns a source - domain representation which is not only tailored for the task of interest ( toi ) b ←
→ on the use of skeletons when learning in bayesian networks ; in this paper , we present a heuristic operator which aims at simultaneously optimizing the orientations of all the edges in an intermediate bayesian network structure during the search process . this is done by alternating between the space of directed acyclic graphs ( dags ) and the space of skeletons . the found orientations of the edges are based on a scoring function rather than on induced conditional independences . this operator can be used as an ←
→ the code2text challenge : text generation in source code libraries ; we propose a new shared task for tactical data - to - text generation in the domain of source code libraries . specifically , we focus on text generation of function descriptions from example software projects . data is drawn from existing resources used for studying the related problem of semantic parser induction ( richardson and kuhn , 2017b ; richardson and kuhn , 2017a ), and spans a wide variety of both natural languages and programming languages ←
→ learning memory access patterns ; the explosion in workload complexity and the recent slow - down in moore ' s law scaling call for new approaches towards efficient computing . researchers are now beginning to use recent advances in machine learning in software optimizations , augmenting or replacing traditional heuristics and data structures . however , the space of machine learning for computer hardware architecture is only lightly explored . in this paper , we demonstrate the potential of deep learning to address ←
→ toward socially - infused information extraction : embedding authors , mentions , and entities ; entity linking is the task of identifying mentions of entities in text , and linking them to entries in a knowledge base . this task is especially difficult in microblogs , as there is little additional text to provide disambiguating context ; rather , authors rely on an implicit common ground of shared knowledge with their readers . in this paper , we attempt to capture some of this implicit context by exploiting the soc ←
→ role playing learning for socially concomitant mobile robot navigation ; in this paper , we present the role playing learning ( rpl ) scheme for a mobile robot to navigate socially with its human companion in populated environments . neural networks ( nn ) are constructed to parameterize a stochastic policy that directly maps sensory data collected by the robot to its velocity outputs , while respecting a set of social norms . an efficient simulative learning environment is built with maps and pedestrians trajector ←
→ relaxation in graph coloring and satisfiability problems ; using t = 0 monte carlo simulation , we study the relaxation of graph coloring ( k - col ) and satisfiability ( k - sat ), two hard problems that have recently been shown to possess a phase transition in solvability as a parameter is varied . a change from exponentially fast to power law relaxation , and a transition to freezing behavior are found . these changes take place for smaller values of the parameter than the solvability transition . results for the color ←
→ an effective feature selection method based on pair - wise feature proximity for high dimensional low sample size data ; feature selection has been studied widely in the literature . however , the efficacy of the selection criteria for low sample size applications is neglected in most cases . most of the existing feature selection criteria are based on the sample similarity . however , the distance measures become insignificant for high dimensional low sample size ( hdlss ) data . moreover , the variance of a featur ←
→ automatically identifying , counting , and describing wild animals in camera - trap images with deep learning ; having accurate , detailed , and up - to - date information about the location and behavior of animals in the wild would revolutionize our ability to study and conserve ecosystems . we investigate the ability to automatically , accurately , and inexpensively collect such data , which could transform many fields of biology , ecology , and zoology into " big data " sciences . motion sensor " camera traps " enable coll ←
→ partial face detection in the mobile domain ; generic face detection algorithms do not perform well in the mobile domain due to significant presence of occluded and partially visible faces . one promising technique to handle the challenge of partial faces is to design face detectors based on facial segments . in this paper two different approaches of facial segment - based face detection are discussed , namely , proposal - based detection and detection by end - to - end regression . methods that follow the first approac ←
→ empirical evaluation of rnn architectures on sentence classification task ; recurrent neural networks have achieved state - of - the - art results for many problems in nlp and two most popular rnn architectures are tail model and pooling model . in this paper , a hybrid architecture is proposed and we present the first empirical study using lstms to compare performance of the three rnn structures on sentence classification task . experimental results show that the max pooling model or hybrid max pooling model achi ←
→ an algorithmic framework to control bias in bandit - based personalization ; personalization is pervasive in the online space as it leads to higher efficiency and revenue by allowing the most relevant content to be served to each user . however , recent studies suggest that personalization methods can propagate societal or systemic biases and polarize opinions ; this has led to calls for regulatory mechanisms and algorithms to combat bias and inequality . algorithmically , bandit optimization has enjoyed great suc ←
→ face alignment across large poses : a 3d solution ; face alignment , which fits a face model to an image and extracts the semantic meanings of facial pixels , has been an important topic in cv community . however , most algorithms are designed for faces in small to medium poses ( below 45 degree ), lacking the ability to align faces in large poses up to 90 degree . the challenges are three - fold : firstly , the commonly used landmark - based face model assumes that all the landmarks are visible and is therefore not suit ←
→ context embedding networks ; low dimensional embeddings that capture the main variations of interest in collections of data are important for many applications . one way to construct these embeddings is to acquire estimates of similarity from the crowd . however , similarity is a multi - dimensional concept that varies from individual to individual . existing models for learning embeddings from the crowd typically make simplifying assumptions such as all individuals estimate similarity using the same criteria , th ←
→ semi - supervised learning of local structured output predictors ; in this paper , we study the problem of semi - supervised structured output prediction , which aims to learn predictors for structured outputs , such as sequences , tree nodes , vectors , etc ., from a set of data points of both input - output pairs and single inputs without outputs . the traditional methods to solve this problem usually learns one single predictor for all the data points , and ignores the variety of the different data points . different pa ←
→ an image dataset of text patches in everyday scenes ; this paper describes a dataset containing small images of text from everyday scenes . the purpose of the dataset is to support the development of new automated systems that can detect and analyze text . although much research has been devoted to text detection and recognition in scanned documents , relatively little attention has been given to text detection in other types of images , such as photographs that are posted on social - media sites . this new datase ←
→ nested dictionary learning for hierarchical organization of imagery and text ; a tree - based dictionary learning model is developed for joint analysis of imagery and associated text . the dictionary learning may be applied directly to the imagery from patches , or to general feature vectors extracted from patches or superpixels ( using any existing method for image feature extraction ). each image is associated with a path through the tree ( from root to a leaf ), and each of the multiple patches in a given imag ←
→ fast , trainable , multiscale denoising ; denoising is a fundamental imaging problem . versatile but fast filtering has been demanded for mobile camera systems . we present an approach to multiscale filtering which allows real - time applications on low - powered devices . the key idea is to learn a set of kernels that upscales , filters , and blends patches of different scales guided by local structure analysis . this approach is trainable so that learned filters are capable of treating diverse noise patterns and arti ←
→ a framework for redescription set construction ; redescription mining is a field of knowledge discovery that aims at finding different descriptions of similar subsets of instances in the data . these descriptions are represented as rules inferred from one or more disjoint sets of attributes , called views . as such , they support knowledge discovery process and help domain experts in formulating new hypotheses or constructing new knowledge bases and decision support systems . in contrast to previous approaches t ←
→ morphable face models - an open framework ; in this paper , we present a novel open - source pipeline for face registration based on gaussian processes as well as an application to face image analysis . non - rigid registration of faces is significant for many applications in computer vision , such as the construction of 3d morphable face models ( 3dmms ). gaussian process morphable models ( gpmms ) unify a variety of non - rigid deformation models with b - splines and pca models as examples . gpmm separate problem specifi ←
→ a mathematical model for logarithmic image processing ; in this paper , we propose a new mathematical model for image processing . it is a logarithmical one . we consider the bounded interval (- 1 , 1 ) as the set of gray levels . firstly , we define two operations : addition <+> and real scalar multiplication < x >. with these operations , the set of gray levels becomes a real vector space . then , defining the scalar product (.|.) and the norm || . ||, we obtain an euclidean space of the gray levels . secondly , we exten ←
→ dr - abc : approximate bayesian computation with kernel - based distribution regression ; performing exact posterior inference in complex generative models is often difficult or impossible due to an expensive to evaluate or intractable likelihood function . approximate bayesian computation ( abc ) is an inference framework that constructs an approximation to the true likelihood based on the similarity between the observed and simulated data as measured by a predefined set of summary statistics . although the choic ←
→ deepdga : adversarially - tuned domain generation and detection ; many malware families utilize domain generation algorithms ( dgas ) to establish command and control ( c & c ) connections . while there are many methods to pseudorandomly generate domains , we focus in this paper on detecting ( and generating ) domains on a per - domain basis which provides a simple and flexible means to detect known dga families . recent machine learning approaches to dga detection have been successful on fairly simplistic dgas , many of wh ←
→ design of false color palettes for grayscale reproduction ; design of false color palette is quite easy but some effort has to be done to achieve good dynamic range , contrast and overall appearance of the palette . such palettes , for instance , are commonly used in scientific papers for presenting the data . however , to lower the cost of the paper most scientists decide to let the data to be printed in grayscale . the same applies to e - book readers based on e - ink where most of them are still grayscale . for majo ←
→ a new approach of designing multi - agent systems ; agent technology is a software paradigm that permits to implement large and complex distributed applications . in order to assist analyzing , conception and development or implementation phases of multi - agent systems , we ' ve tried to present a practical application of a generic and scalable method of a mas with a component - oriented architecture and agent - based approach that allows mda to generate source code from a given model . we ' ve designed on auml the class ←
→ a bayesian sampling approach to exploration in reinforcement learning ; we present a modular approach to reinforcement learning that uses a bayesian representation of the uncertainty over models . the approach , boss ( best of sampled set ), drives exploration by sampling multiple models from the posterior and selecting actions optimistically . it extends previous work by providing a rule for deciding when to resample and how to combine the models . we show that our algorithm achieves nearoptimal reward with high ←
→ deep convolutional neural network for age estimation based on vgg - face model ; automatic age estimation from real - world and unconstrained face images is rapidly gaining importance . in our proposed work , a deep cnn model that was trained on a database for face recognition task is used to estimate the age information on the adience database . this paper has three significant contributions in this field . ( 1 ) this work proves that a cnn model , which was trained for face recognition task , can be utilized for ag ←
→ logical learning through a hybrid neural network with auxiliary inputs ; the human reasoning process is seldom a one - way process from an input leading to an output . instead , it often involves a systematic deduction by ruling out other possible outcomes as a self - checking mechanism . in this paper , we describe the design of a hybrid neural network for logical learning that is similar to the human reasoning through the introduction of an auxiliary input , namely the indicators , that act as the hints to suggest ←
→ weakly - supervised discriminative patch learning via cnn for fine - grained recognition ; research on fine - grained recognition has recently shifted from multistage frameworks to convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) that are trained end - to - end . many previous end - to - end deep approaches typically consist of a recognition network and an auxiliary localization network trained with additional part annotations to detect semantic parts shared across classes . to avoid the cost of extra semantic part annotations , we le ←
→ a probabilistic evolutionary optimization approach to compute quasiparticle braids ; topological quantum computing is an alternative framework for avoiding the quantum decoherence problem in quantum computation . the problem of executing a gate in this framework can be posed as the problem of braiding quasiparticles . because these are not abelian , the problem can be reduced to finding an optimal product of braid generators where the optimality is defined in terms of the gate approximation and the braid ' s l ←
→ human gender classification : a review ; gender contains a wide range of information regarding to the characteristics difference between male and female . successful gender recognition is essential and critical for many applications in the commercial domains such as applications of human - computer interaction and computer - aided physiological or psychological analysis . some have proposed various approaches for automatic gender classification using the features derived from human bodies and / or behaviors . first , ←
→ a framework for improving the performance of verification algorithms with a low false positive rate requirement and limited training data ; in this paper we address the problem of matching patterns in the so - called verification setting in which a novel , query pattern is verified against a single training pattern : the decision sought is whether the two match ( i . e . belong to the same class ) or not . unlike previous work which has universally focused on the development of more discriminative distance function ←
→ calibrated surrogate losses for classification with label - dependent costs ; we present surrogate regret bounds for arbitrary surrogate losses in the context of binary classification with label - dependent costs . such bounds relate a classifier ' s risk , assessed with respect to a surrogate loss , to its cost - sensitive classification risk . two approaches to surrogate regret bounds are developed . the first is a direct generalization of bartlett et al . [ 2006 ], who focus on margin - based losses and cost - insensitive ←
→ towards deep neural network architectures robust to adversarial examples ; recent work has shown deep neural networks ( dnns ) to be highly susceptible to well - designed , small perturbations at the input layer , or so - called adversarial examples . taking images as an example , such distortions are often imperceptible , but can result in 100 % mis - classification for a state of the art dnn . we study the structure of adversarial examples and explore network topology , pre - processing and training strategies to improve t ←
→ learning independent causal mechanisms ; statistical learning relies upon data sampled from a distribution , and we usually do not care what actually generated it in the first place . from the point of view of causal modeling , the structure of each distribution is induced by physical mechanisms that give rise to dependencies between observables . mechanisms , however , can be meaningful autonomous modules of generative models that make sense beyond a particular entailed data distribution , lending themselves to t ←
→ unsupervised learning of phase transitions : from principal component analysis to variational autoencoders ; we employ unsupervised machine learning techniques to learn latent parameters which best describe states of the two - dimensional ising model and the three - dimensional xy model . these methods range from principal component analysis to artificial neural network based variational autoencoders . the states are sampled using a monte - carlo simulation above and below the critical temperature . we find that th ←
→ automatically extracting action graphs from materials science synthesis procedures ; computational synthesis planning approaches have achieved recent success in organic chemistry , where tabulated synthesis procedures are readily available for supervised learning . the syntheses of inorganic materials , however , exist primarily as natural language narratives contained within scientific journal articles . this synthesis information must first be extracted from the text in order to enable analogous synthesis pl ←
→ a bayesian model of node interaction in networks ; we are concerned with modeling the strength of links in networks by taking into account how often those links are used . link usage is a strong indicator of how closely two nodes are related , but existing network models in bayesian statistics and machine learning are able to predict only wether a link exists at all . as priors for latent attributes of network nodes we explore the chinese restaurant process ( crp ) and a multivariate gaussian with fixed dimensio ←
→ unsupervised pos induction with word embeddings ; unsupervised word embeddings have been shown to be valuable as features in supervised learning problems ; however , their role in unsupervised problems has been less thoroughly explored . in this paper , we show that embeddings can likewise add value to the problem of unsupervised pos induction . in two representative models of pos induction , we replace multinomial distributions over the vocabulary with multivariate gaussian distributions over word embeddings and ←
→ analyse en dépendances à l ' aide des grammaires d ' interaction ; this article proposes a method to extract dependency structures from phrase - structure level parsing with interaction grammars . interaction grammars are a formalism which expresses interactions among words using a polarity system . syntactical composition is led by the saturation of polarities . interactions take place between constituents , but as grammars are lexicalized , these interactions can be translated at the level of words . dependency relat ←
→ sequential anomaly detection in the presence of noise and limited feedback ; this paper describes a methodology for detecting anomalies from sequentially observed and potentially noisy data . the proposed approach consists of two main elements : ( 1 ) {\ em filtering }, or assigning a belief or likelihood to each successive measurement based upon our ability to predict it from previous noisy observations , and ( 2 ) {\ em hedging }, or flagging potential anomalies by comparing the current belief against a time - varyi ←
→ using millions of emoji occurrences to learn any - domain representations for detecting sentiment , emotion and sarcasm ; nlp tasks are often limited by scarcity of manually annotated data . in social media sentiment analysis and related tasks , researchers have therefore used binarized emoticons and specific hashtags as forms of distant supervision . our paper shows that by extending the distant supervision to a more diverse set of noisy labels , the models can learn richer representations . through emoji predic ←
→ using incomplete information for complete weight annotation of road networks -- extended version ; we are witnessing increasing interests in the effective use of road networks . for example , to enable effective vehicle routing , weighted - graph models of transportation networks are used , where the weight of an edge captures some cost associated with traversing the edge , e . g ., greenhouse gas ( ghg ) emissions or travel time . it is a precondition to using a graph model for routing that all edges have weights . we ←
→ abnormality detection and localization in chest x - rays using deep convolutional neural networks ; chest x - rays ( cxrs ) are widely used for diagnosing abnormalities in the heart and lung area . automatically detecting these abnormalities with high accuracy could greatly enhance real world diagnosis processes . lack of standard publicly available dataset and benchmark studies , however , makes it difficult to compare various detection methods . in order to overcome these difficulties , we have used a publicly avai ←
→ deep learning for identifying potential conceptual shifts for co - creative drawing ; we present a system for identifying conceptual shifts between visual categories , which will form the basis for a co - creative drawing system to help users draw more creative sketches . the system recognizes human sketches and matches them to structurally similar sketches from categories to which they do not belong . this would allow a co - creative drawing system to produce an ambiguous sketch that blends features from both cat ←
→ automatic white blood cell measuring aid for medical diagnosis ; blood related invasive pathological investigations play a major role in diagnosis of diseases . but in india and other third world countries there are no enough pathological infrastructures for medical diagnosis . moreover , most of the remote places of those countries have neither pathologists nor physicians . telemedicine partially solves the lack of physicians . but the pathological investigation infrastructure can not be integrated with the tel ←
→ a comparative study of complexity of handwritten bharati characters with that of major indian scripts ; we present bharati , a simple , novel script that can represent the characters of a majority of contemporary indian scripts . the shapes / motifs of bharati characters are drawn from some of the simplest characters of existing indian scripts . bharati characters are designed such that they strictly reflect the underlying phonetic organization , thereby attributing to the script qualities of simplicity , familia ←
→ hardware acceleration for boolean satisfiability solver by applying belief propagation algorithm ; boolean satisfiability ( sat ) has an extensive application domain in computer science , especially in electronic design automation applications . circuit synthesis , optimization , and verification problems can be solved by transforming original problems to sat problems . however , the sat problem is known as np - complete , which means there is no efficient method to solve it . therefore , an efficient sat solver to en ←
→ neural dynamic programming for musical self similarity ; we present a neural sequence model designed specifically for symbolic music . the model is based on a learned edit distance mechanism which generalises a classic recursion from computer science , leading to a neural dynamic program . repeated motifs are detected by learning the transformations between them . we represent the arising computational dependencies using a novel data structure , the edit tree ; this perspective suggests natural approximations whi ←
→ attacking binarized neural networks ; neural networks with low - precision weights and activations offer compelling efficiency advantages over their full - precision equivalents . the two most frequently discussed benefits of quantization are reduced memory consumption , and a faster forward pass when implemented with efficient bitwise operations . we propose a third benefit of very low - precision neural networks : improved robustness against some adversarial attacks , and in the worst case , performance that is on pa ←
→ variational chernoff bounds for graphical models ; recent research has made significant progress on the problem of bounding log partition functions for exponential family graphical models . such bounds have associated dual parameters that are often used as heuristic estimates of the marginal probabilities required in inference and learning . however these variational estimates do not give rigorous bounds on marginal probabilities , nor do they give estimates for probabilities of more general events than simple ←
→ partial order mcmc for structure discovery in bayesian networks ; we present a new markov chain monte carlo method for estimating posterior probabilities of structural features in bayesian networks . the method draws samples from the posterior distribution of partial orders on the nodes ; for each sampled partial order , the conditional probabilities of interest are computed exactly . we give both analytical and empirical results that suggest the superiority of the new method compared to previous methods , which ←
→ optimizing gaze direction in a visual navigation task ; navigation in an unknown environment consists of multiple separable subtasks , such as collecting information about the surroundings and navigating to the current goal . in the case of pure visual navigation , all these subtasks need to utilize the same vision system , and therefore a way to optimally control the direction of focus is needed . we present a case study , where we model the active sensing problem of directing the gaze of a mobile robot with thr ←
→ optimal learning with bernstein online aggregation ; we introduce a new recursive aggregation procedure called bernstein online aggregation ( boa ). the exponential weights include an accuracy term and a second order term that is a proxy of the quadratic variation as in hazan and kale ( 2010 ). this second term stabilizes the procedure that is optimal in different senses . we first obtain optimal regret bounds in the deterministic context . then , an adaptive version is the first exponential weights algorithm that ←
→ convexified modularity maximization for degree - corrected stochastic block models ; the stochastic block model ( sbm ) is a popular framework for studying community detection in networks . this model is limited by the assumption that all nodes in the same community are statistically equivalent and have equal expected degrees . the degree - corrected stochastic block model ( dcsbm ) is a natural extension of sbm that allows for degree heterogeneity within communities . this paper proposes a convexified modularity ma ←
→ a video - based method for objectively rating ataxia ; for many movement disorders , such as parkinson ' s disease and ataxia , disease progression is visually assessed by a clinician using a numerical disease rating scale . these tests are subjective , time - consuming , and must be administered by a professional . this can be problematic where specialists are not available , or when a patient is not consistently evaluated by the same clinician . we present an automated method for quantifying the severity of motion impa ←
→ deep attributes from context - aware regional neural codes ; recently , many researches employ middle - layer output of convolutional neural network models ( cnn ) as features for different visual recognition tasks . although promising results have been achieved in some empirical studies , such type of representations still suffer from the well - known issue of semantic gap . this paper proposes so - called deep attribute framework to alleviate this issue from three aspects . first , we introduce object region proposals as ←
→ normalisation de la langue et de lecriture arabe : enjeux culturels regionaux et mondiaux ; arabic language and writing are now facing a resurgence of international normative solutions that challenge most of their local or network based operating principles . even if the multilingual digital coding solutions , especially those proposed by unicode , have solved many difficulties of arabic writing , the linguistic aspect is still in search of more adapted solutions . terminology is one of the sectors in which th ←
→ robust particle swarm optimizer based on chemomimicry ; a particle swarm optimizer ( pso ) loosely based on the phenomena of crystallization and a chaos factor which follows the complimentary error function is described . the method features three phases : diffusion , directed motion , and nucleation . during the diffusion phase random walk is the only contributor to particle motion . as the algorithm progresses the contribution from chaos decreases and movement toward global best locations is pursued until converg ←
→ intrinsic geometric information transfer learning on multiple graph - structured datasets ; graphs provide a powerful means for representing complex interactions between entities . recently , deep learning approaches are emerging for representing and modeling graph - structured data , although the conventional deep learning methods ( such as convolutional neural networks and recurrent neural networks ) have mainly focused on grid - structured inputs ( image and audio ). leveraged by the capability of representation le ←
→ multilayer network of language : a unified framework for structural analysis of linguistic subsystems ; recently , the focus of complex networks research has shifted from the analysis of isolated properties of a system toward a more realistic modeling of multiple phenomena - multilayer networks . motivated by the prosperity of multilayer approach in social , transport or trade systems , we propose the introduction of multilayer networks for language . the multilayer network of language is a unified framework fo ←
→ towards automated tuberculosis detection using deep learning ; tuberculosis ( tb ) in india is the world ' s largest tb epidemic . tb leads to 480 , 000 deaths every year . between the years 2006 and 2014 , indian economy lost us $ 340 billion due to tb . this combined with the emergence of drug resistant bacteria in india makes the problem worse . the government of india has hence come up with a new strategy which requires a high - sensitivity microscopy based tb diagnosis mechanism . we propose a new deep neural network b ←
→ model selection with the loss rank principle ; a key issue in statistics and machine learning is to automatically select the " right " model complexity , e . g ., the number of neighbors to be averaged over in k nearest neighbor ( knn ) regression or the polynomial degree in regression with polynomials . we suggest a novel principle - the loss rank principle ( lorp ) - for model selection in regression and classification . it is based on the loss rank , which counts how many other ( fictitious ) data would be fitted bette ←
→ improved neural machine translation with a syntax - aware encoder and decoder ; most neural machine translation ( nmt ) models are based on the sequential encoder - decoder framework , which makes no use of syntactic information . in this paper , we improve this model by explicitly incorporating source - side syntactic trees . more specifically , we propose ( 1 ) a bidirectional tree encoder which learns both sequential and tree structured representations ; ( 2 ) a tree - coverage model that lets the attention depend on the ←
→ boolean networks design by genetic algorithms ; we present and discuss the results of an experimental analysis in the design of boolean networks by means of genetic algorithms . a population of networks is evolved with the aim of finding a network such that the attractor it reaches is of required length $ l $. in general , any target can be defined , provided that it is possible to model the task as an optimisation problem over the space of networks . we experiment with different initial conditions for the networ ←
→ a syntactic neural model for general - purpose code generation ; we consider the problem of parsing natural language descriptions into source code written in a general - purpose programming language like python . existing data - driven methods treat this problem as a language generation task without considering the underlying syntax of the target programming language . informed by previous work in semantic parsing , in this paper we propose a novel neural architecture powered by a grammar model to explicitly capture ←
→ mean box pooling : a rich image representation and output embedding for the visual madlibs task ; we present mean box pooling , a novel visual representation that pools over cnn representations of a large number , highly overlapping object proposals . we show that such representation together with ncca , a successful multimodal embedding technique , achieves state - of - the - art performance on the visual madlibs task . moreover , inspired by the ncca ' s objective function , we extend classical cnn + lstm approach to trai ←
→ depth separation for neural networks ; let $ f :\ mathbb { s }^{ d - 1 }\ times \ mathbb { s }^{ d - 1 }\ to \ mathbb { s }$ be a function of the form $ f (\ mathbf { x },\ mathbf { x }') = g (\ langle \ mathbf { x },\ mathbf { x }'\ rangle )$ for $ g :[- 1 , 1 ]\ to \ mathbb { r }$. we give a simple proof that shows that poly - size depth two neural networks with ( exponentially ) bounded weights cannot approximate $ f $ whenever $ g $ cannot be approximated by a low degree polynomial . moreover , for many $ g $' s , such as $ g ( x )=\ sin (\ pi d ^ 3x )$, the number of neurons must be ←
→ exploiting inter - image similarity and ensemble of extreme learners for fixation prediction using deep features ; this paper presents a novel fixation prediction and saliency modeling framework based on inter - image similarities and ensemble of extreme learning machines ( elm ). the proposed framework is inspired by two observations , 1 ) the contextual information of a scene along with low - level visual cues modulates attention , 2 ) the influence of scene memorability on eye movement patterns caused by the resem ←
→ occupancy detection in vehicles using fisher vector image representation ; due to the high volume of traffic on modern roadways , transportation agencies have proposed high occupancy vehicle ( hov ) lanes and high occupancy tolling ( hot ) lanes to promote car pooling . however , enforcement of the rules of these lanes is currently performed by roadside enforcement officers using visual observation . manual roadside enforcement is known to be inefficient , costly , potentially dangerous , and ultimately ineffective . v ←
→ large - scale video classification guided by batch normalized lstm translator ; youtube - 8m dataset enhances the development of large - scale video recognition technology as imagenet dataset has encouraged image classification , recognition and detection of artificial intelligence fields . for this large video dataset , it is a challenging task to classify a huge amount of multi - labels . by change of perspective , we propose a novel method by regarding labels as words . in details , we describe online learning approa ←
→ a total uncertainty measure for d numbers based on belief intervals ; as a generalization of dempster - shafer theory , the theory of d numbers is a new theoretical framework for uncertainty reasoning . measuring the uncertainty of knowledge or information represented by d numbers is an unsolved issue in that theory . in this paper , inspired by distance based uncertainty measures for dempster - shafer theory , a total uncertainty measure for a d number is proposed based on its belief intervals . the proposed total u ←
→ semi - supervised word sense disambiguation with neural models ; determining the intended sense of words in text - word sense disambiguation ( wsd ) - is a long standing problem in natural language processing . recently , researchers have shown promising results using word vectors extracted from a neural network language model as features in wsd algorithms . however , a simple average or concatenation of word vectors for each word in a text loses the sequential and syntactic information of the text . in this paper , ←
→ subcmap : subject and condition specific effect maps ; most widely used statistical analysis methods for neuroimaging data identify condition related structural alterations in the human brain by detecting group differences . these methods can construct detailed maps showing population - wide changes due to a given condition of interest using the data of an appropriate cohort . although very useful , they are not designed to identify subject - specific structural alterations in a diagnostic fashion , i . e . for a new s ←
→ minimax rates and efficient algorithms for noisy sorting ; there has been a recent surge of interest in studying permutation - based models for ranking from pairwise comparison data . despite being structurally richer and more robust than parametric ranking models , permutation - based models are less well understood statistically and generally lack efficient learning algorithms . in this work , we study a prototype of permutation - based ranking models , namely , the noisy sorting model . we establish the optimal rates ←
→ unpaired image - to - image translation using cycle - consistent adversarial networks ; image - to - image translation is a class of vision and graphics problems where the goal is to learn the mapping between an input image and an output image using a training set of aligned image pairs . however , for many tasks , paired training data will not be available . we present an approach for learning to translate an image from a source domain $ x $ to a target domain $ y $ in the absence of paired examples . our goal is to learn ←
→ on mining complex sequential data by means of fca and pattern structures ; nowadays data sets are available in very complex and heterogeneous ways . mining of such data collections is essential to support many real - world applications ranging from healthcare to marketing . in this work , we focus on the analysis of " complex " sequential data by means of interesting sequential patterns . we approach the problem using the elegant mathematical framework of formal concept analysis ( fca ) and its extension based on " pa ←
→ false discovery rate control and statistical quality assessment of annotators in crowdsourced ranking ; with the rapid growth of crowdsourcing platforms it has become easy and relatively inexpensive to collect a dataset labeled by multiple annotators in a short time . however due to the lack of control over the quality of the annotators , some abnormal annotators may be affected by position bias which can potentially degrade the quality of the final consensus labels . in this paper we introduce a statistical ←
→ bottom - up instance segmentation using deep higher - order crfs ; traditional scene understanding problems such as object detection and semantic segmentation have made breakthroughs in recent years due to the adoption of deep learning . however , the former task is not able to localise objects at a pixel level , and the latter task has no notion of different instances of objects of the same class . we focus on the task of instance segmentation which recognises and localises objects down to a pixel level . our model ←
→ flica : a framework for leader identification in coordinated activity ; leadership is an important aspect of social organization that affects the processes of group formation , coordination , and decision - making in human societies , as well as in the social system of many other animal species . the ability to identify leaders based on their behavior and the subsequent reactions of others opens opportunities to explore how group decisions are made . understanding who exerts influence provides key insights into the ←
→ the complexity of approximating a bethe equilibrium ; this paper resolves a common complexity issue in the bethe approximation of statistical physics and the belief propagation ( bp ) algorithm of artificial intelligence . the bethe approximation and the bp algorithm are heuristic methods for estimating the partition function and marginal probabilities in graphical models , respectively . the computational complexity of the bethe approximation is decided by the number of operations required to solve a set of non ←
→ resolving out - of - vocabulary words with bilingual embeddings in machine translation ; out - of - vocabulary words account for a large proportion of errors in machine translation systems , especially when the system is used on a different domain than the one where it was trained . in order to alleviate the problem , we propose to use a log - bilinear softmax - based model for vocabulary expansion , such that given an out - of - vocabulary source word , the model generates a probabilistic list of possible translations in the ←
→ modelling - based experiment retrieval : a case study with gene expression clustering ; motivation : public and private repositories of experimental data are growing to sizes that require dedicated methods for finding relevant data . to improve on the state of the art of keyword searches from annotations , methods for content - based retrieval have been proposed . in the context of gene expression experiments , most methods retrieve gene expression profiles , requiring each experiment to be expressed as a single pro ←
→ emotional responses in artificial agent - based systems : reflexivity and adaptation in artificial life ; the current work addresses a virtual environment with self - replicating agents whose decisions are based on a form of " somatic computation " ( soma - body ) in which basic emotional responses , taken in parallelism to actual living organisms , are introduced as a way to provide the agents with greater reflexive abilities . the work provides a contribution to the field of artificial intelligence ( ai ) and artific ←
→ muse : modularizing unsupervised sense embeddings ; this paper proposes to address the word sense ambiguity issue in an unsupervised manner , where word sense representations are learned along a word sense selection mechanism given contexts . prior work about learning multi - sense embeddings suffered from either ambiguity of different - level embeddings or inefficient sense selection . the proposed modular framework , muse , implements flexible modules to optimize distinct mechanisms , achieving the first purely sens ←
→ generalized quantum reinforcement learning with quantum technologies ; we propose a protocol to perform generalized quantum reinforcement learning with quantum technologies . at variance with recent results on quantum reinforcement learning with superconducting circuits [ l . lamata , sci . rep . 7 , 1609 ( 2017 )], in our current protocol coherent feedback during the learning process is not required , enabling its implementation in a wide variety of quantum systems . we consider diverse possible scenarios for an agen ←
→ automatic variational inference in stan ; variational inference is a scalable technique for approximate bayesian inference . deriving variational inference algorithms requires tedious model - specific calculations ; this makes it difficult to automate . we propose an automatic variational inference algorithm , automatic differentiation variational inference ( advi ). the user only provides a bayesian model and a dataset ; nothing else . we make no conjugacy assumptions and support a broad class of models . the algorit ←
→ riga at semeval - 2016 task 8 : impact of smatch extensions and character - level neural translation on amr parsing accuracy ; two extensions to the amr smatch scoring script are presented . the first extension com - bines the smatch scoring script with the c6 . 0 rule - based classifier to produce a human - readable report on the error patterns frequency observed in the scored amr graphs . this first extension results in 4 % gain over the state - of - art camr baseline parser by adding to it a manually crafted wrapper fixin ←
→ disconnected skeleton : shape at its absolute scale ; we present a new skeletal representation along with a matching framework to address the deformable shape recognition problem . the disconnectedness arises as a result of excessive regularization that we use to describe a shape at an attainably coarse scale . our motivation is to rely on the stable properties of the shape instead of inaccurately measured secondary details . the new representation does not suffer from the common instability problems of traditi ←
→ unassisted quantitative evaluation of despeckling filters ; sar ( synthetic aperture radar ) imaging plays a central role in remote sensing due to , among other important features , its ability to provide high - resolution , day - and - night and almost weather - independent images . sar images are affected from a granular contamination , speckle , that can be described by a multiplicative model . many despeckling techniques have been proposed in the literature , as well as measures of the quality of the results they provide ←
→ hybrid evolutionary computation for continuous optimization ; hybrid optimization algorithms have gained popularity as it has become apparent there cannot be a universal optimization strategy which is globally more beneficial than any other . despite their popularity , hybridization frameworks require more detailed categorization regarding : the nature of the problem domain , the constituent algorithms , the coupling schema and the intended area of application . this report proposes a hybrid algorithm for solving ←
→ characterization of logic program revision as an extension of propositional revision ; we address the problem of belief revision of logic programs , i . e ., how to incorporate to a logic program p a new logic program q . based on the structure of se interpretations , delgrande et al . adapted the well - known agm framework to logic program ( lp ) revision . they identified the rational behavior of lp revision and introduced some specific operators . in this paper , a constructive characterization of all rational lp re ←
→ online stochastic optimization with multiple objectives ; in this paper we propose a general framework to characterize and solve the stochastic optimization problems with multiple objectives underlying many real world learning applications . we first propose a projection based algorithm which attains an $ o ( t ^{- 1 / 3 })$ convergence rate . then , by leveraging on the theory of lagrangian in constrained optimization , we devise a novel primal - dual stochastic approximation algorithm which attains the optimal converge ←
→ a self - training method for semi - supervised gans ; since the creation of generative adversarial networks ( gans ), much work has been done to improve their training stability , their generated image quality , their range of application but nearly none of them explored their self - training potential . self - training has been used before the advent of deep learning in order to allow training on limited labelled training data and has shown impressive results in semi - supervised learning . in this work , we combine these ←
→ dirichlet draws are sparse with high probability ; this note provides an elementary proof of the folklore fact that draws from a dirichlet distribution ( with parameters less than 1 ) are typically sparse ( most coordinates are small ).←
→ the use of invariant moments in hand - written character recognition ; the goal of this paper is to present the implementation of a radial basis function neural network with built - in knowledge to recognize hand - written characters . the neural network includes in its architecture gates controlled by an attraction / repulsion system of coefficients . these coefficients are derived from a preprocessing stage which groups the characters according to their ascendant , central , or descendent components . the neural netwo ←
→" why should i trust you ?": explaining the predictions of any classifier ; despite widespread adoption , machine learning models remain mostly black boxes . understanding the reasons behind predictions is , however , quite important in assessing trust , which is fundamental if one plans to take action based on a prediction , or when choosing whether to deploy a new model . such understanding also provides insights into the model , which can be used to transform an untrustworthy model or prediction into a trustworthy ←
→ interpretability via model extraction ; the ability to interpret machine learning models has become increasingly important now that machine learning is used to inform consequential decisions . we propose an approach called model extraction for interpreting complex , blackbox models . our approach approximates the complex model using a much more interpretable model ; as long as the approximation quality is good , then statistical properties of the complex model are reflected in the interpretable model . we show ho ←
→ position - indexed formulations for kidney exchange ; a kidney exchange is an organized barter market where patients in need of a kidney swap willing but incompatible donors . determining an optimal set of exchanges is theoretically and empirically hard . traditionally , exchanges took place in cycles , with each participating patient - donor pair both giving and receiving a kidney . the recent introduction of chains , where a donor without a paired patient triggers a sequence of donations without requiring a kidney ←
→ video object segmentation with language referring expressions ; most state - of - the - art semi - supervised video object segmentation methods rely on a pixel - accurate mask of a target object provided for the first frame of a video . however , obtaining a detailed segmentation mask is expensive and time - consuming . in this work we explore an alternative way of identifying a target object , namely by employing language referring expressions . besides being a more practical and natural way of pointing out a target object ←
→ masked signal decomposition using subspace representation and its applications ; signal decomposition is a classical problem in signal processing , which aims to separate an observed signal into two or more components each with its own property . usually each component is described by its own subspace or dictionary . extensive research has been done for the case where the components are additive , but in real world applications , the components are often non - additive . for example , an image may consist of a for ←
→ natural scene statistics mediate the perception of image complexity ; humans are sensitive to complexity and regularity in patterns . the subjective perception of pattern complexity is correlated to algorithmic ( kolmogorov - chaitin ) complexity as defined in computer science , but also to the frequency of naturally occurring patterns . however , the possible mediational role of natural frequencies in the perception of algorithmic complexity remains unclear . here we reanalyze hsu et al . ( 2010 ) through a mediationa ←
→ an approach to membrane computing under inexactitude ; in this paper we introduce a fuzzy version of symport / antiport membrane systems . our fuzzy membrane systems handle possibly inexact copies of reactives and their rules are endowed with threshold functions that determine whether a rule can be applied or not to a given set of objects , depending of the degree of accuracy of these objects to the reactives specified in the rule . we prove that these fuzzy membrane systems generate exactly the recursively enum ←
→ ppfnet : global context aware local features for robust 3d point matching ; we present ppfnet - point pair feature network for deeply learning a globally informed 3d local feature descriptor to find correspondences in unorganized point clouds . ppfnet learns local descriptors on pure geometry and is highly aware of the global context , an important cue in deep learning . our 3d representation is computed as a collection of point - pair - features combined with the points and normals within a local vicinity . our per ←
→ updating the silent speech challenge benchmark with deep learning ; the 2010 silent speech challenge benchmark is updated with new results obtained in a deep learning strategy , using the same input features and decoding strategy as in the original article . a word error rate of 6 . 4 % is obtained , compared to the published value of 17 . 4 %. additional results comparing new auto - encoder - based features with the original features at reduced dimensionality , as well as decoding scenarios on two different language mod ←
→ multiplicative updates for elastic net regularized convolutional nmf under $ β $- divergence ; we generalize the convolutional nmf by taking the $\ beta $- divergence as the loss function , add a regularizer for sparsity in the form of an elastic net , and provide multiplicative update rules for its factors in closed form . the new update rules embed the $\ beta $- nmf , the standard convolutional nmf , and sparse coding alias basis pursuit . we demonstrate that the originally published update rules for the convolutiona ←
→ exploring logic artificial chemistries : an illogical attempt ? ; robustness to a wide variety of negative factors and the ability to self - repair is an inherent and natural characteristic of all life forms on earth . as opposed to nature , man - made systems are in most cases not inherently robust and a significant effort has to be made in order to make them resistant against failures . this can be done in a wide variety of ways and on various system levels . in the field of digital systems , for example , techniques ←
→ a note on sample complexity of learning binary output neural networks under fixed input distributions ; we show that the learning sample complexity of a sigmoidal neural network constructed by sontag ( 1992 ) required to achieve a given misclassification error under a fixed purely atomic distribution can grow arbitrarily fast : for any prescribed rate of growth there is an input distribution having this rate as the sample complexity , and the bound is asymptotically tight . the rate can be superexponential , a ←
→ fusing continuous - valued medical labels using a bayesian model ; with the rapid increase in volume of time series medical data available through wearable devices , there is a need to employ automated algorithms to label data . examples of labels include interventions , changes in activity ( e . g . sleep ) and changes in physiology ( e . g . arrhythmias ). however , automated algorithms tend to be unreliable resulting in lower quality care . expert annotations are scarce , expensive , and prone to significant inter - and int ←
→ online alternating direction method ; online optimization has emerged as powerful tool in large scale optimization . in this paper , we introduce efficient online algorithms based on the alternating directions method ( adm ). we introduce a new proof technique for adm in the batch setting , which yields the o ( 1 / t ) convergence rate of adm and forms the basis of regret analysis in the online setting . we consider two scenarios in the online setting , based on whether the solution needs to lie in the feasible set or ←
→ feature discovery and visualization of robot mission data using convolutional autoencoders and bayesian nonparametric topic models ; the gap between our ability to collect interesting data and our ability to analyze these data is growing at an unprecedented rate . recent algorithmic attempts to fill this gap have employed unsupervised tools to discover structure in data . some of the most successful approaches have used probabilistic models to uncover latent thematic structure in discrete data . despite the ←
→ reparameterization trick for discrete variables ; low - variance gradient estimation is crucial for learning directed graphical models parameterized by neural networks , where the reparameterization trick is widely used for those with continuous variables . while this technique gives low - variance gradient estimates , it has not been directly applicable to discrete variables , the sampling of which inherently requires discontinuous operations . we argue that the discontinuity can be bypassed by marginalizing out th ←
→ a fast distributed proximal - gradient method ; we present a distributed proximal - gradient method for optimizing the average of convex functions , each of which is the private local objective of an agent in a network with time - varying topology . the local objectives have distinct differentiable components , but they share a common nondifferentiable component , which has a favorable structure suitable for effective computation of the proximal operator . in our method , each agent iteratively updates its estimate of ←
→ modelhub : towards unified data and lifecycle management for deep learning ; deep learning has improved state - of - the - art results in many important fields , and has been the subject of much research in recent years , leading to the development of several systems for facilitating deep learning . current systems , however , mainly focus on model building and training phases , while the issues of data management , model sharing , and lifecycle management are largely ignored . deep learning modeling lifecycle generates ←
→ prm - rl : long - range robotic navigation tasks by combining reinforcement learning and sampling - based planning ; we present prm - rl , a hierarchical method for long - range navigation task completion that combines sampling - based path planning with reinforcement learning ( rl ) agents . the rl agents learn short - range , point - to - point navigation policies that capture robot dynamics and task constraints without knowledge of the large - scale topology , while the sampling - based planners provide an approximate map of the s ←
→ srn : side - output residual network for object symmetry detection in the wild ; in this paper , we establish a baseline for object symmetry detection in complex backgrounds by presenting a new benchmark and an end - to - end deep learning approach , opening up a promising direction for symmetry detection in the wild . the new benchmark , named sym - pascal , spans challenges including object diversity , multi - objects , part - invisibility , and various complex backgrounds that are far beyond those in existing datasets . the ←
→ artificial mutation inspired hyper - heuristic for runtime usage of multi - objective algorithms ; in the last years , multi - objective evolutionary algorithms ( moea ) have been applied to different software engineering problems where many conflicting objectives have to be optimized simultaneously . in theory , evolutionary algorithms feature a nice property for runtime optimization as they can provide a solution in any execution time . in practice , based on a darwinian inspired natural selection , these evolutionar ←
→ provable defenses against adversarial examples via the convex outer adversarial polytope ; we propose a method to learn deep relu - based classifiers that are provably robust against norm - bounded adversarial perturbations on the training data . for previously unseen examples , the approach is guaranteed to detect all adversarial examples , though it may flag some non - adversarial examples as well . the basic idea is to consider a convex outer approximation of the set of activations reachable through a norm - bound ←
→ energy - efficient cmos memristive synapses for mixed - signal neuromorphic system - on - a - chip ; emerging non - volatile memory ( nvm ), or memristive , devices promise energy - efficient realization of deep learning , when efficiently integrated with mixed - signal integrated circuits on a cmos substrate . even though several algorithmic challenges need to be addressed to turn the vision of memristive neuromorphic systems - on - a - chip ( neusocs ) into reality , issues at the device and circuit interface need immediate attentio ←
→ novel adaptive genetic algorithm sample consensus ; random sample consensus ( ransac ) is a successful algorithm in model fitting applications . it is vital to have strong exploration phase when there are an enormous amount of outliers within the dataset . achieving a proper model is guaranteed by pure exploration strategy of ransac . however , finding the optimum result requires exploitation . gasac is an evolutionary paradigm to add exploitation capability to the algorithm . although gasac improves the results of ←
→ domain - specific languages in a finite domain constraint programming system ; in this paper , we present domain - specific languages ( dsls ) that we devised for their use in the implementation of a finite domain constraint programming system , available as library ( clpfd ) in swi - prolog and yap - prolog . these dsls are used in propagator selection and constraint reification . in these areas , they lead to concise specifications that are easy to read and reason about . at compilation time , these specifications are tran ←
→ mastering sketching : adversarial augmentation for structured prediction ; we present an integral framework for training sketch simplification networks that convert challenging rough sketches into clean line drawings . our approach augments a simplification network with a discriminator network , training both networks jointly so that the discriminator network discerns whether a line drawing is a real training data or the output of the simplification network , which in turn tries to fool it . this approach has tw ←
→ computing the ramsey number r ( 4 , 3 , 3 ) using abstraction and symmetry breaking ; the number $ r ( 4 , 3 , 3 )$ is often presented as the unknown ramsey number with the best chances of being found " soon ". yet , its precise value has remained unknown for almost 50 years . this paper presents a methodology based on \ emph { abstraction } and \ emph { symmetry breaking } that applies to solve hard graph edge - coloring problems . the utility of this methodology is demonstrated by using it to compute the value $ r ( 4 , 3 , 3 )= 30 $. along t ←
→ efficient and accurate monitoring of the depth information in a wireless multimedia sensor network based surveillance ; wireless multimedia sensor network ( wmsn ) is a promising technology capturing rich multimedia data like audio and video , which can be useful to monitor an environment under surveillance . however , many scenarios in real time monitoring requires 3d depth information . in this research work , we propose to use the disparity map that is computed from two or multiple images , in order to monitor ←
→ intraoperative margin assessment of human breast tissue in optical coherence tomography images using deep neural networks ; objective : in this work , we perform margin assessment of human breast tissue from optical coherence tomography ( oct ) images using deep neural networks ( dnns ). this work simulates an intraoperative setting for breast cancer lumpectomy . methods : to train the dnns , we use both the state - of - the - art methods ( weight decay and dropout ) and a newly introduced regularization method based on f ←
→ a survey of league championship algorithm : prospects and challenges ; the league championship algorithm ( lca ) is sport - inspired optimization algorithm that was introduced by ali husseinzadeh kashan in the year 2009 . it has since drawn enormous interest among the researchers because of its potential efficiency in solving many optimization problems and real - world applications . the lca has also shown great potentials in solving non - deterministic polynomial time ( np - complete ) problems . this survey presents a br ←
→ mcode : multivariate conditional outlier detection ; outlier detection aims to identify unusual data instances that deviate from expected patterns . the outlier detection is particularly challenging when outliers are context dependent and when they are defined by unusual combinations of multiple outcome variable values . in this paper , we develop and study a new conditional outlier detection approach for multivariate outcome spaces that works by ( 1 ) transforming the conditional detection to the outlier detecti ←
→ can evolutionary sampling improve bagged ensembles ? ; perturb and combine ( p & c ) group of methods generate multiple versions of the predictor by perturbing the training set or construction and then combining them into a single predictor ( breiman , 1996b ). the motive is to improve the accuracy in unstable classification and regression methods . one of the most well known method in this group is bagging . arcing or adaptive resampling and combining methods like adaboost are smarter variants of p & c methods . in thi ←
→ deep learning methods for improved decoding of linear codes ; the problem of low complexity , close to optimal , channel decoding of linear codes with short to moderate block length is considered . it is shown that deep learning methods can be used to improve a standard belief propagation decoder , despite the large example space . similar improvements are obtained for the min - sum algorithm . it is also shown that tying the parameters of the decoders across iterations , so as to form a recurrent neural network arc ←
→ deep convolutional neural networks as generic feature extractors ; recognizing objects in natural images is an intricate problem involving multiple conflicting objectives . deep convolutional neural networks , trained on large datasets , achieve convincing results and are currently the state - of - the - art approach for this task . however , the long time needed to train such deep networks is a major drawback . we tackled this problem by reusing a previously trained network . for this purpose , we first trained a deep c ←
→ an efficient approach to sparse linear discriminant analysis ; we present a novel approach to the formulation and the resolution of sparse linear discriminant analysis ( lda ). our proposal , is based on penalized optimal scoring . it has an exact equivalence with penalized lda , contrary to the multi - class approaches based on the regression of class indicator that have been proposed so far . sparsity is obtained thanks to a group - lasso penalty that selects the same features in all discriminant directions . our ex ←
→ input scheme for hindi using phonetic mapping ; written communication on computers requires knowledge of writing text for the desired language using computer . mostly people do not use any other language besides english . this creates a barrier . to resolve this issue we have developed a scheme to input text in hindi using phonetic mapping scheme . using this scheme we generate intermediate code strings and match them with pronunciations of input text . our system show significant success over other input system ←
→ beyond skip connections : top - down modulation for object detection ; in recent years , we have seen tremendous progress in the field of object detection . most of the recent improvements have been achieved by targeting deeper feedforward networks . however , many hard object categories such as bottle , remote , etc . require representation of fine details and not just coarse , semantic representations . but most of these fine details are lost in the early convolutional layers . what we need is a way to incorporate fin ←
→ 3d randomized connection network with graph - based label inference ; in this paper , a novel 3d deep learning network is proposed for brain mr image segmentation with randomized connection , which can decrease the dependency between layers and increase the network capacity . the convolutional lstm and 3d convolution are employed as network units to capture the long - term and short - term 3d properties respectively . to assemble these two kinds of spatial - temporal information and refine the deep learning outcomes , w ←
→ web mining research : a survey ; with the huge amount of information available online , the world wide web is a fertile area for data mining research . the web mining research is at the cross road of research from several research communities , such as database , information retrieval , and within ai , especially the sub - areas of machine learning and natural language processing . however , there is a lot of confusions when comparing research efforts from different point of views . in this paper , we survey the researc ←
→ the shape of art history in the eyes of the machine ; how does the machine classify styles in art ? and how does it relate to art historians ' methods for analyzing style ? several studies have shown the ability of the machine to learn and predict style categories , such as renaissance , baroque , impressionism , etc ., from images of paintings . this implies that the machine can learn an internal representation encoding discriminative features through its visual analysis . however , such a representation is not neces ←
→ learning to filter spam e - mail : a comparison of a naive bayesian and a memory - based approach ; we investigate the performance of two machine learning algorithms in the context of anti - spam filtering . the increasing volume of unsolicited bulk e - mail ( spam ) has generated a need for reliable anti - spam filters . filters of this type have so far been based mostly on keyword patterns that are constructed by hand and perform poorly . the naive bayesian classifier has recently been suggested as an effective method ←
→ gazedirector : fully articulated eye gaze redirection in video ; we present gazedirector , a new approach for eye gaze redirection that uses model - fitting . our method first tracks the eyes by fitting a multi - part eye region model to video frames using analysis - by - synthesis , thereby recovering eye region shape , texture , pose , and gaze simultaneously . it then redirects gaze by 1 ) warping the eyelids from the original image using a model - derived flow field , and 2 ) rendering and compositing synthesized 3d eyeball ←
→ a 8 bits pipeline analog to digital converter design for high speed camera application ; - this paper describes a pipeline analog - to - digital converter is implemented for high speed camera . in the pipeline adc design , prime factor is designing operational amplifier with high gain so adc have been high speed . the other advantage of pipeline is simple on concept , easy to implement in layout and have flexibility to increase speed . we made design and simulation using mentor graphics software with 0 . 6 \ mu m cmo ←
→ modelling dependency completion in sentence comprehension as a bayesian hierarchical mixture process : a case study involving chinese relative clauses ; we present a case - study demonstrating the usefulness of bayesian hierarchical mixture modelling for investigating cognitive processes . in sentence comprehension , it is widely assumed that the distance between linguistic co - dependents affects the latency of dependency resolution : the longer the distance , the longer the retrieval time ( the distance - based acc ←
→ hybridsvd : when collaborative information is not enough ; we propose a hybrid algorithm for top -$ n $ recommendation task that allows to incorporate both user and item side information within the standard collaborative filtering approach . the algorithm extends puresvd -- one of the state - of - the - art latent factor models -- by exploiting a generalized formulation of the singular value decomposition . this allows to inherit key advantages of the classical algorithm such as highly efficient lanczos - based optimizat ←
→ incremental network quantization : towards lossless cnns with low - precision weights ; this paper presents incremental network quantization ( inq ), a novel method , targeting to efficiently convert any pre - trained full - precision convolutional neural network ( cnn ) model into a low - precision version whose weights are constrained to be either powers of two or zero . unlike existing methods which are struggled in noticeable accuracy loss , our inq has the potential to resolve this issue , as benefiting from two inno ←
→ quality assessment of pixel - level imagefusion using fuzzy logic ; image fusion is to reduce uncertainty and minimize redundancy in the output while maximizing relevant information from two or more images of a scene into a single composite image that is more informative and is more suitable for visual perception or processing tasks like medical imaging , remote sensing , concealed weapon detection , weather forecasting , biometrics etc . image fusion combines registered images to produce a high quality fused imag ←
→ net - trim : convex pruning of deep neural networks with performance guarantee ; we introduce and analyze a new technique for model reduction for deep neural networks . while large networks are theoretically capable of learning arbitrarily complex models , overfitting and model redundancy negatively affects the prediction accuracy and model variance . our net - trim algorithm prunes ( sparsifies ) a trained network layer - wise , removing connections at each layer by solving a convex optimization program . this program ←
→ preference elicitation and inverse reinforcement learning ; we state the problem of inverse reinforcement learning in terms of preference elicitation , resulting in a principled ( bayesian ) statistical formulation . this generalises previous work on bayesian inverse reinforcement learning and allows us to obtain a posterior distribution on the agent ' s preferences , policy and optionally , the obtained reward sequence , from observations . we examine the relation of the resulting approach to other statistical metho ←
→ multi - modal conditional attention fusion for dimensional emotion prediction ; continuous dimensional emotion prediction is a challenging task where the fusion of various modalities usually achieves state - of - the - art performance such as early fusion or late fusion . in this paper , we propose a novel multi - modal fusion strategy named conditional attention fusion , which can dynamically pay attention to different modalities at each time step . long - short term memory recurrent neural networks ( lstm - rnn ) is applie ←
→ sigma delta quantized networks ; deep neural networks can be obscenely wasteful . when processing video , a convolutional network expends a fixed amount of computation for each frame with no regard to the similarity between neighbouring frames . as a result , it ends up repeatedly doing very similar computations . to put an end to such waste , we introduce sigma - delta networks . with each new input , each layer in this network sends a discretized form of its change in activation to the next layer . thus the amount o ←
→ automatic breast ultrasound image segmentation : a survey ; breast cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer death among women worldwide . in clinical routine , automatic breast ultrasound ( bus ) image segmentation is very challenging and essential for cancer diagnosis and treatment planning . many bus segmentation approaches have been studied in the last two decades , and have been proved to be effective on private datasets . currently , the advancement of bus image segmentation seems to meet its bottleneck . t ←
→ stochastic gradient descent for non - smooth optimization : convergence results and optimal averaging schemes ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is one of the simplest and most popular stochastic optimization methods . while it has already been theoretically studied for decades , the classical analysis usually required non - trivial smoothness assumptions , which do not apply to many modern applications of sgd with non - smooth objective functions such as support vector machines . in this paper , we investigate the ←
→ time series prediction : predicting stock price ; time series forecasting is widely used in a multitude of domains . in this paper , we present four models to predict the stock price using the spx index as input time series data . the martingale and ordinary linear models require the strongest assumption in stationarity which we use as baseline models . the generalized linear model requires lesser assumptions but is unable to outperform the martingale . in empirical testing , the rnn model performs the best compa ←
→ face recognition using hough peaks extracted from the significant blocks of the gradient image ; this paper proposes a new technique for automatic face recognition using integrated peaks of the hough transformed significant blocks of the binary gradient image . in this approach firstly the gradient of an image is calculated and a threshold is set to obtain a binary gradient image , which is less sensitive to noise and illumination changes . secondly , significant blocks are extracted from the absolute gradien ←
→ spatial pyramid context - aware moving object detection and tracking for full motion video and wide aerial motion imagery ; a robust and fast automatic moving object detection and tracking system is essential to characterize target object and extract spatial and temporal information for different functionalities including video surveillance systems , urban traffic monitoring and navigation , robotic . in this dissertation , i present a collaborative spatial pyramid context - aware moving object detection and trac ←
→ detecting overlapping temporal community structure in time - evolving networks ; we present a principled approach for detecting overlapping temporal community structure in dynamic networks . our method is based on the following framework : find the overlapping temporal community structure that maximizes a quality function associated with each snapshot of the network subject to a temporal smoothness constraint . a novel quality function and a smoothness constraint are proposed to handle overlaps , and a new conv ←
→ recursive decomposition for nonconvex optimization ; continuous optimization is an important problem in many areas of ai , including vision , robotics , probabilistic inference , and machine learning . unfortunately , most real - world optimization problems are nonconvex , causing standard convex techniques to find only local optima , even with extensions like random restarts and simulated annealing . we observe that , in many cases , the local modes of the objective function have combinatorial structure , and thus ideas ←
→ on empirical meaning of randomness with respect to a real parameter ; we study the empirical meaning of randomness with respect to a family of probability distributions $ p_ \ theta $, where $\ theta $ is a real parameter , using algorithmic randomness theory . in the case when for a computable probability distribution $ p_ \ theta $ an effectively strongly consistent estimate exists , we show that the levin ' s a priory semicomputable semimeasure of the set of all $ p_ \ theta $- random sequences is positive if and only if th ←
→ identifying beneficial task relations for multi - task learning in deep neural networks ; multi - task learning ( mtl ) in deep neural networks for nlp has recently received increasing interest due to some compelling benefits , including its potential to efficiently regularize models and to reduce the need for labeled data . while it has brought significant improvements in a number of nlp tasks , mixed results have been reported , and little is known about the conditions under which mtl leads to gains in nlp . this ←
→ an independent evaluation of subspace face recognition algorithms ; this paper explores a comparative study of both the linear and kernel implementations of three of the most popular appearance - based face recognition projection classes , these being the methodologies of principal component analysis , linear discriminant analysis and independent component analysis . the experimental procedure provides a platform of equal working conditions and examines the ten algorithms in the categories of expression , illumin ←
→ frangi - net : a neural network approach to vessel segmentation ; in this paper , we reformulate the conventional 2 - d frangi vesselness measure into a pre - weighted neural network (" frangi - net "), and illustrate that the frangi - net is equivalent to the original frangi filter . furthermore , we show that , as a neural network , frangi - net is trainable . we evaluate the proposed method on a set of 45 high resolution fundus images . after fine - tuning , we observe both qualitative and quantitative improvements in the segmen ←
→ how to ask for a favor : a case study on the success of altruistic requests ; requests are at the core of many social media systems such as question & answer sites and online philanthropy communities . while the success of such requests is critical to the success of the community , the factors that lead community members to satisfy a request are largely unknown . success of a request depends on factors like who is asking , how they are asking , when are they asking , and most critically what is being requested , ←
→ complex embeddings for simple link prediction ; in statistical relational learning , the link prediction problem is key to automatically understand the structure of large knowledge bases . as in previous studies , we propose to solve this problem through latent factorization . however , here we make use of complex valued embeddings . the composition of complex embeddings can handle a large variety of binary relations , among them symmetric and antisymmetric relations . compared to state - of - the - art models such as ne ←
→ measuring the evolvability landscape to study neutrality ; this theoretical work defines the measure of autocorrelation of evolvability in the context of neutral fitness landscape . this measure has been studied on the classical max - sat problem . this work highlight a new characteristic of neutral fitness landscapes which allows to design new adapted metaheuristic .←
→ robust face recognition via block sparse bayesian learning ; face recognition ( fr ) is an important task in pattern recognition and computer vision . sparse representation ( sr ) has been demonstrated to be a powerful framework for fr . in general , an sr algorithm treats each face in a training dataset as a basis function , and tries to find a sparse representation of a test face under these basis functions . the sparse representation coefficients then provide a recognition hint . early sr algorithms are based on a ←
→ incremental model - based learners with formal learning - time guarantees ; model - based learning algorithms have been shown to use experience efficiently when learning to solve markov decision processes ( mdps ) with finite state and action spaces . however , their high computational cost due to repeatedly solving an internal model inhibits their use in large - scale problems . we propose a method based on real - time dynamic programming ( rtdp ) to speed up two model - based algorithms , rmax and mbie ( model - based interval ←
→ unachievable region in precision - recall space and its effect on empirical evaluation ; precision - recall ( pr ) curves and the areas under them are widely used to summarize machine learning results , especially for data sets exhibiting class skew . they are often used analogously to roc curves and the area under roc curves . it is known that pr curves vary as class skew changes . what was not recognized before this paper is that there is a region of pr space that is completely unachievable , and the size of this ←
→ phase transitions in the pooled data problem ; in this paper , we study the pooled data problem of identifying the labels associated with a large collection of items , based on a sequence of pooled tests revealing the counts of each label within the pool . in the noiseless setting , we identify an exact asymptotic threshold on the required number of tests with optimal decoding , and prove a phase transition between complete success and complete failure . in addition , we present a novel noisy variation of the prob ←
→ bottom - up and top - down reasoning with hierarchical rectified gaussians ; convolutional neural nets ( cnns ) have demonstrated remarkable performance in recent history . such approaches tend to work in a unidirectional bottom - up feed - forward fashion . however , practical experience and biological evidence tells us that feedback plays a crucial role , particularly for detailed spatial understanding tasks . this work explores bidirectional architectures that also reason with top - down feedback : neural units are influe ←
→ global solar irradiation prediction using a multi - gene genetic programming approach ; in this paper , a nonlinear symbolic regression technique using an evolutionary algorithm known as multi - gene genetic programming ( mggp ) is applied for a data - driven modelling between the dependent and the independent variables . the technique is applied for modelling the measured global solar irradiation and validated through numerical simulations . the proposed modelling technique shows improved results over the fuzzy log ←
→ visual representations : defining properties and deep approximations ; visual representations are defined in terms of minimal sufficient statistics of visual data , for a class of tasks , that are also invariant to nuisance variability . minimal sufficiency guarantees that we can store a representation in lieu of raw data with smallest complexity and no performance loss on the task at hand . invariance guarantees that the statistic is constant with respect to uninformative transformations of the data . we derive ←
→ spectral video construction from rgb video : application to image guided neurosurgery ; spectral imaging has received enormous interest in the field of medical imaging modalities . it provides a powerful tool for the analysis of different organs and non - invasive tissues . therefore , significant amount of research has been conducted to explore the possibility of using spectral imaging in biomedical applications . to observe spectral image information in real time during surgery and monitor the temporal changes ←
→ deepfix : a fully convolutional neural network for predicting human eye fixations ; understanding and predicting the human visual attentional mechanism is an active area of research in the fields of neuroscience and computer vision . in this work , we propose deepfix , a first - of - its - kind fully convolutional neural network for accurate saliency prediction . unlike classical works which characterize the saliency map using various hand - crafted features , our model automatically learns features in a hierarchical f ←
→ comparative study of image registration techniques for bladder video - endoscopy ; bladder cancer is widely spread in the world . many adequate diagnosis techniques exist . video - endoscopy remains the standard clinical procedure for visual exploration of the bladder internal surface . however , video - endoscopy presents the limit that the imaged area for each image is about nearly 1cm2 . and , lesions are , typically , spread over several images . the aim of this contribution is to assess the performance of two mosai ←
→ fusing deep learned and hand - crafted features of appearance , shape , and dynamics for automatic pain estimation ; automatic continuous time , continuous value assessment of a patient ' s pain from face video is highly sought after by the medical profession . despite the recent advances in deep learning that attain impressive results in many domains , pain estimation risks not being able to benefit from this due to the difficulty in obtaining data sets of considerable size . in this work we propose a combination ←
→ a compressive sensing approach to community detection with applications ; the community detection problem for graphs asks one to partition the n vertices v of a graph g into k communities , or clusters , such that there are many intracluster edges and few intercluster edges . of course this is equivalent to finding a permutation matrix p such that , if a denotes the adjacency matrix of g , then pap ^ t is approximately block diagonal . as there are k ^ n possible partitions of n vertices into k subsets , directly dete ←
→ simple regret for infinitely many armed bandits ; we consider a stochastic bandit problem with infinitely many arms . in this setting , the learner has no chance of trying all the arms even once and has to dedicate its limited number of samples only to a certain number of arms . all previous algorithms for this setting were designed for minimizing the cumulative regret of the learner . in this paper , we propose an algorithm aiming at minimizing the simple regret . as in the cumulative regret setting of infinitel ←
→ ffdnet : toward a fast and flexible solution for cnn based image denoising ; due to the fast inference and good performance , discriminative learning methods have been widely studied in image denoising . however , these methods mostly learn a specific model for each noise level , and require multiple models for denoising images with different noise levels . they also lack flexibility to deal with spatially variant noise , limiting their applications in practical denoising . to address these issues , we present a f ←
→ a neuro - fuzzy approach for modelling electricity demand in victoria ; neuro - fuzzy systems have attracted growing interest of researchers in various scientific and engineering areas due to the increasing need of intelligent systems . this paper evaluates the use of two popular soft computing techniques and conventional statistical approach based on box -- jenkins autoregressive integrated moving average ( arima ) model to predict electricity demand in the state of victoria , australia . the soft computing methods c ←
→ some like it hot - visual guidance for preference prediction ; for people first impressions of someone are of determining importance . they are hard to alter through further information . this begs the question if a computer can reach the same judgement . earlier research has already pointed out that age , gender , and average attractiveness can be estimated with reasonable precision . we improve the state - of - the - art , but also predict - based on someone ' s known preferences - how much that particular person is att ←
→ compressive sampling using em algorithm ; conventional approaches of sampling signals follow the celebrated theorem of nyquist and shannon . compressive sampling , introduced by donoho , romberg and tao , is a new paradigm that goes against the conventional methods in data acquisition and provides a way of recovering signals using fewer samples than the traditional methods use . here we suggest an alternative way of reconstructing the original signals in compressive sampling using em algorithm . we first propose ←
→ learning robust features for gait recognition by maximum margin criterion ; in the field of gait recognition from motion capture data , designing human - interpretable gait features is a common practice of many fellow researchers . to refrain from ad - hoc schemes and to find maximally discriminative features we may need to explore beyond the limits of human interpretability . this paper contributes to the state - of - the - art with a machine learning approach for extracting robust gait features directly from raw joi ←
→ knowledge - guided recurrent neural network learning for task - oriented action prediction ; this paper aims at task - oriented action prediction , i . e ., predicting a sequence of actions towards accomplishing a specific task under a certain scene , which is a new problem in computer vision research . the main challenges lie in how to model task - specific knowledge and integrate it in the learning procedure . in this work , we propose to train a recurrent long - short term memory ( lstm ) network for handling this problem ←
→ filtered fictitious play for perturbed observation potential games and decentralised pomdps ; potential games and decentralised partially observable mdps ( dec - pomdps ) are two commonly used models of multi - agent interaction , for static optimisation and sequential decisionmaking settings , respectively . in this paper we introduce filtered fictitious play for solving repeated potential games in which each player ' s observations of others ' actions are perturbed by random noise , and use this algorithm to constru ←
→ pragmatic neural language modelling in machine translation ; this paper presents an in - depth investigation on integrating neural language models in translation systems . scaling neural language models is a difficult task , but crucial for real - world applications . this paper evaluates the impact on end - to - end mt quality of both new and existing scaling techniques . we show when explicitly normalising neural models is necessary and what optimisation tricks one should use in such scenarios . we also focus on scala ←
→ multi - objective influence diagrams ; we describe multi - objective influence diagrams , based on a set of p objectives , where utility values are vectors in rp , and are typically only partially ordered . these can still be solved by a variable elimination algorithm , leading to a set of maximal values of expected utility . if the pareto ordering is used this set can often be prohibitively large . we consider approximate representations of the pareto set based on e - coverings , allowing much larger problems to be solv ←
→ modelling spatiotemporal variation of positive and negative sentiment on twitter to improve the identification of localised deviations ; studies examining how sentiment on social media varies over time and space appear to produce inconsistent results . analysing 16 . 54 million english - language tweets from 100 cities posted between 13 july and 30 november 2017 , our aim was to clarify how spatiotemporal and social factors contributed to variation in sentiment on twitter . we estimated positive and negative sen ←
→ a unified framework for approximating and clustering data ; given a set $ f $ of $ n $ positive functions over a ground set $ x $, we consider the problem of computing $ x ^*$ that minimizes the expression $\ sum_ { f \ in f } f ( x )$, over $ x \ in x $. a typical application is \ emph { shape fitting }, where we wish to approximate a set $ p $ of $ n $ elements ( say , points ) by a shape $ x $ from a ( possibly infinite ) family $ x $ of shapes . here , each point $ p \ in p $ corresponds to a function $ f $ such that $ f ( x )$ is the distance from $ p $ ←
→ compact neural networks based on the multiscale entanglement renormalization ansatz ; the goal of this paper is to demonstrate a method for tensorizing neural networks based upon an efficient way of approximating scale invariant quantum states , the multi - scale entanglement renormalization ansatz ( mera ). we employ mera as a replacement for linear layers in a neural network and test this implementation on the cifar - 10 dataset . the proposed method outperforms factorization using tensor trains , providing grea ←
→ approximating meta - heuristics with homotopic recurrent neural networks ; much combinatorial optimisation problems constitute a non - polynomial ( np ) hard optimisation problem , i . e ., they can not be solved in polynomial time . one such problem is finding the shortest route between two nodes on a graph . meta - heuristic algorithms such as $ a ^{*}$ along with mixed - integer programming ( mip ) methods are often employed for these problems . our work demonstrates that it is possible to approximate solutions generated by ←
→ a statistical model of tristimulus measurements within and between oled displays ; we present an empirical model for noises in color measurements from oled displays . according to measured data the noise is not isotropic in the xyz space , instead most of the noise is along an axis that is parallel to a vector from origin to measured xyz vector . the presented empirical model is simple and depends only on the measured xyz values . our tests show that the variations between multiple panels of the same type hav ←
→ the linearization of belief propagation on pairwise markov networks ; belief propagation ( bp ) is a widely used approximation for exact probabilistic inference in graphical models , such as markov random fields ( mrfs ). in graphs with cycles , however , no exact convergence guarantees for bp are known , in general . for the case when all edges in the mrf carry the same symmetric , doubly stochastic potential , recent works have proposed to approximate bp by linearizing the update equations around default values , whi ←
→ a new efficient method for calculating similarity between web services ; web services allow communication between heterogeneous systems in a distributed environment . their enormous success and their increased use led to the fact that thousands of web services are present on the internet . this significant number of web services which not cease to increase has led to problems of the difficulty in locating and classifying web services , these problems are encountered mainly during the operations of web services ←
→ multi - generator generative adversarial nets ; we propose a new approach to train the generative adversarial nets ( gans ) with a mixture of generators to overcome the mode collapsing problem . the main intuition is to employ multiple generators , instead of using a single one as in the original gan . the idea is simple , yet proven to be extremely effective at covering diverse data modes , easily overcoming the mode collapse and delivering state - of - the - art results . a minimax formulation is able to establish among ←
→ streaming variational inference for bayesian nonparametric mixture models ; in theory , bayesian nonparametric ( bnp ) models are well suited to streaming data scenarios due to their ability to adapt model complexity with the observed data . unfortunately , such benefits have not been fully realized in practice ; existing inference algorithms are either not applicable to streaming applications or not extensible to bnp models . for the special case of dirichlet processes , streaming inference has been considered . ←
→ patchwork kriging for large - scale gaussian process regression ; this paper presents a new approach for gaussian process ( gp ) regression for large datasets . the approach involves partitioning the regression input domain into multiple local regions with a different local gp model fitted in each region . unlike existing local partitioned gp approaches , we introduce a technique for patching together the local gp models nearly seamlessly to ensure that the local gp models for two neighboring regions produce nearl ←
→ a general neural network hardware architecture on fpga ; field programmable gate arrays ( fpgas ) plays an increasingly important role in data sampling and processing industries due to its highly parallel architecture , low power consumption , and flexibility in custom algorithms . especially , in the artificial intelligence field , for training and implement the neural networks and machine learning algorithms , high energy efficiency hardware implement and massively parallel computing capacity are heavily demanded ←
→ how convnets model non - linear transformations ; in this paper , we theoretically address three fundamental problems involving deep convolutional networks regarding invariance , depth and hierarchy . we introduce the paradigm of transformation networks ( tn ) which are a direct generalization of convolutional networks ( convnets ). theoretically , we show that tns ( and thereby convnets ) are can be invariant to non - linear transformations of the input despite pooling over mere local translations . our analysis provides ←
→ entropy - growth - based model of emotionally charged online dialogues ; we analyze emotionally annotated massive data from irc ( internet relay chat ) and model the dialogues between its participants by assuming that the driving force for the discussion is the entropy growth of emotional probability distribution . this process is claimed to be correlated to the emergence of the power - law distribution of the discussion lengths observed in the dialogues . we perform numerical simulations based on the noticed phenome ←
→ human - level intelligence or animal - like abilities ? ; the vision systems of the eagle and the snake outperform everything that we can make in the laboratory , but snakes and eagles cannot build an eyeglass or a telescope or a microscope . ( judea pearl )←
→ angrier birds : bayesian reinforcement learning ; we train a reinforcement learner to play a simplified version of the game angry birds . the learner is provided with a game state in a manner similar to the output that could be produced by computer vision algorithms . we improve on the efficiency of regular {\ epsilon }- greedy q - learning with linear function approximation through more systematic exploration in randomized least squares value iteration ( rlsvi ), an algorithm that samples its policy from a posterior ←
→ parsing with cyk over distributed representations : " classical " syntactic parsing in the novel era of neural networks ; syntactic parsing is a key task in natural language processing which has been dominated by symbolic , grammar - based syntactic parsers . neural networks , with their distributed representations , are challenging these methods . in this paper , we want to show that existing parsing algorithms can cross the border and be defined over distributed representations . we then define d - cyk : a version o ←
→ where is my puppy ? retrieving lost dogs by facial features ; a pet that goes missing is among many people ' s worst fears : a moment of distraction is enough for a dog or a cat wandering off from home . some measures help matching lost animals to their owners ; but automated visual recognition is one that - although convenient , highly available , and low - cost - is surprisingly overlooked . in this paper , we inaugurate that promising avenue by pursuing face recognition for dogs . we contrast four ready - to - use human ←
→ feature base fusion for splicing forgery detection based on neuro fuzzy ; most of researches on image forensics have been mainly focused on detection of artifacts introduced by a single processing tool . they lead in the development of many specialized algorithms looking for one or more particular footprints under specific settings . naturally , the performance of such algorithms are not perfect , and accordingly the provided output might be noisy , inaccurate and only partially correct . furthermore , a forged im ←
→ prediction with expert evaluators ' advice ; we introduce a new protocol for prediction with expert advice in which each expert evaluates the learner ' s and his own performance using a loss function that may change over time and may be different from the loss functions used by the other experts . the learner ' s goal is to perform better or not much worse than each expert , as evaluated by that expert , for all experts simultaneously . if the loss functions used by the experts are all proper scoring rules and all m ←
→ modeling past and future for neural machine translation ; existing neural machine translation systems do not explicitly model what has been translated and what has not during the decoding phase . to address this problem , we propose a novel mechanism that separates the source information into two parts : translated past contents and untranslated future contents , which are modeled by two additional recurrent layers . the past and future contents are fed to both the attention model and the decoder states , which o ←
→ use of semantic technologies for the development of a dynamic trajectories generator in a semantic chemistry elearning platform ; chemgapedia is a multimedia , webbased elearning service platform that currently contains about 18 . 000 pages organized in 1 . 700 chapters covering the complete bachelor studies in chemistry and related topics of chemistry , pharmacy , and life sciences . the elearning encyclopedia contains some 25 . 000 media objects and the elearning platform provides services such as virtual and rem ←
→ prior polarity lexical resources for the italian language ; in this paper we present sabrina ( sentiment analysis : a broad resource for italian natural language applications ) a manually annotated prior polarity lexical resource for italian natural language applications in the field of opinion mining and sentiment induction . the resource consists in two different sets , an italian dictionary of more than 277 . 000 words tagged with their prior polarity value , and a set of polarity modifiers , containing more than ←
→ deep outdoor illumination estimation ; we present a cnn - based technique to estimate high - dynamic range outdoor illumination from a single low dynamic range image . to train the cnn , we leverage a large dataset of outdoor panoramas . we fit a low - dimensional physically - based outdoor illumination model to the skies in these panoramas giving us a compact set of parameters ( including sun position , atmospheric conditions , and camera parameters ). we extract limited field - of - view images from the panoramas , and train ←
→ near - optimal active learning of multi - output gaussian processes ; this paper addresses the problem of active learning of a multi - output gaussian process ( mogp ) model representing multiple types of coexisting correlated environmental phenomena . in contrast to existing works , our active learning problem involves selecting not just the most informative sampling locations to be observed but also the types of measurements at each selected location for minimizing the predictive uncertainty ( i . e ., posterior joint ←
→ beyond temporal pooling : recurrence and temporal convolutions for gesture recognition in video ; recent studies have demonstrated the power of recurrent neural networks for machine translation , image captioning and speech recognition . for the task of capturing temporal structure in video , however , there still remain numerous open research questions . current research suggests using a simple temporal feature pooling strategy to take into account the temporal aspect of video . we demonstrate that this method ←
→ node discovery in a networked organization ; in this paper , i present a method to solve a node discovery problem in a networked organization . covert nodes refer to the nodes which are not observable directly . they affect social interactions , but do not appear in the surveillance logs which record the participants of the social interactions . discovering the covert nodes is defined as identifying the suspicious logs where the covert nodes would appear if the covert nodes became overt . a mathematical model is ←
→ query clustering using segment specific context embeddings ; this paper presents a novel query clustering approach to capture the broad interest areas of users querying search engines . we make use of recent advances in nlp - word2vec and extend it to get query2vec , vector representations of queries , based on query contexts , obtained from the top search results for the query and use a highly scalable divide & merge clustering algorithm on top of the query vectors , to get the clusters . we have tried this appr ←
→ understanding and diagnosing visual tracking systems ; several benchmark datasets for visual tracking research have been proposed in recent years . despite their usefulness , whether they are sufficient for understanding and diagnosing the strengths and weaknesses of different trackers remains questionable . to address this issue , we propose a framework by breaking a tracker down into five constituent parts , namely , motion model , feature extractor , observation model , model updater , and ensemble post - processor .←
→ weakly supervised patchnets : describing and aggregating local patches for scene recognition ; traditional feature encoding scheme ( e . g ., fisher vector ) with local descriptors ( e . g ., sift ) and recent convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are two classes of successful methods for image recognition . in this paper , we propose a hybrid representation , which leverages the discriminative capacity of cnns and the simplicity of descriptor encoding schema for image recognition , with a focus on scene recognition . to ←
→ learning invariant color features for person re - identification ; matching people across multiple camera views known as person re - identification , is a challenging problem due to the change in visual appearance caused by varying lighting conditions . the perceived color of the subject appears to be different with respect to illumination . previous works use color as it is or address these challenges by designing color spaces focusing on a specific cue . in this paper , we propose a data driven approach for learni ←
→ cognitive interpretation of everyday activities : toward perceptual narrative based visuo - spatial scene interpretation ; we position a narrative - centred computational model for high - level knowledge representation and reasoning in the context of a range of assistive technologies concerned with " visuo - spatial perception and cognition " tasks . our proposed narrative model encompasses aspects such as \ emph { space , events , actions , change , and interaction } from the viewpoint of commonsense reasoning and learning ←
→ depth masked discriminative correlation filter ; depth information provides a strong cue for occlusion detection and handling , but has been largely omitted in generic object tracking until recently due to lack of suitable benchmark datasets and applications . in this work , we propose a depth masked discriminative correlation filter ( dm - dcf ) which adopts novel depth segmentation based occlusion detection that stops correlation filter updating and depth masking which adaptively adjusts the spatial support for ←
→ practical issues in constructing a bayes ' belief network ; bayes belief networks and influence diagrams are tools for constructing coherent probabilistic representations of uncertain knowledge . the process of constructing such a network to represent an expert ' s knowledge is used to illustrate a variety of techniques which can facilitate the process of structuring and quantifying uncertain relationships . these include some generalizations of the " noisy or gate " concept . sensitivity analysis of generic elemen ←
→ database transposition for constrained ( closed ) pattern mining ; recently , different works proposed a new way to mine patterns in databases with pathological size . for example , experiments in genome biology usually provide databases with thousands of attributes ( genes ) but only tens of objects ( experiments ). in this case , mining the " transposed " database runs through a smaller search space , and the galois connection allows to infer the closed patterns of the original database . we focus here on constrained p ←
→ exact soft confidence - weighted learning ; in this paper , we propose a new soft confidence - weighted ( scw ) online learning scheme , which enables the conventional confidence - weighted learning method to handle non - separable cases . unlike the previous confidence - weighted learning algorithms , the proposed soft confidence - weighted learning method enjoys all the four salient properties : ( i ) large margin training , ( ii ) confidence weighting , ( iii ) capability to handle non - separable data , and ( iv ) adaptive margin . our ←
→ the pareto regret frontier for bandits ; given a multi - armed bandit problem it may be desirable to achieve a smaller - than - usual worst - case regret for some special actions . i show that the price for such unbalanced worst - case regret guarantees is rather high . specifically , if an algorithm enjoys a worst - case regret of b with respect to some action , then there must exist another action for which the worst - case regret is at least {\ omega }( nk / b ), where n is the horizon and k the number of actions . i also give u ←
→ improve sat - solving with machine learning ; in this project , we aimed to improve the runtime of minisat , a conflict - driven clause learning ( cdcl ) solver that solves the propositional boolean satisfiability ( sat ) problem . we first used a logistic regression model to predict the satisfiability of propositional boolean formulae after fixing the values of a certain fraction of the variables in each formula . we then applied the logistic model and added a preprocessing period to minisat to determine the preferabl ←
→ consumer profile identification and allocation ; we propose an easy - to - use methodology to allocate one of the groups which have been previously built from a complete learning data base , to new individuals . the learning data base contains continuous and categorical variables for each individual . the groups ( clusters ) are built by using only the continuous variables and described with the help of the categorical ones . for the new individuals , only the categorical variables are available , and it is necessary t ←
→ single image deraining using scale - aware multi - stage recurrent network ; given a single input rainy image , our goal is to visually remove rain streaks and the veiling effect caused by scattering and transmission of rain streaks and rain droplets . we are particularly concerned with heavy rain , where rain streaks of various sizes and directions can overlap each other and the veiling effect reduces contrast severely . to achieve our goal , we introduce a scale - aware multi - stage convolutional neural network . our ←
→ exploring the space of adversarial images ; adversarial examples have raised questions regarding the robustness and security of deep neural networks . in this work we formalize the problem of adversarial images given a pretrained classifier , showing that even in the linear case the resulting optimization problem is nonconvex . we generate adversarial images using shallow and deep classifiers on the mnist and imagenet datasets . we probe the pixel space of adversarial images using noise of varying intensity and ←
→ spotting the difference : context retrieval and analysis for improved forgery detection and localization ; as image tampering becomes ever more sophisticated and commonplace , the need for image forensics algorithms that can accurately and quickly detect forgeries grows . in this paper , we revisit the ideas of image querying and retrieval to provide clues to better localize forgeries . we propose a method to perform large - scale image forensics on the order of one million images using the help of an image sear ←
→ joint estimation of linear non - gaussian acyclic models ; a linear non - gaussian structural equation model called lingam is an identifiable model for exploratory causal analysis . previous methods estimate a causal ordering of variables and their connection strengths based on a single dataset . however , in many application domains , data are obtained under different conditions , that is , multiple datasets are obtained rather than a single dataset . in this paper , we present a new method to jointly estimate multipl ←
→ synthetic data augmentation using gan for improved liver lesion classification ; in this paper , we present a data augmentation method that generates synthetic medical images using generative adversarial networks ( gans ). we propose a training scheme that first uses classical data augmentation to enlarge the training set and then further enlarges the data size and its diversity by applying gan techniques for synthetic data augmentation . our method is demonstrated on a limited dataset of computed tomography ←
→ knowledge revision in systems based on an informed tree search strategy : application to cartographic generalisation ; many real world problems can be expressed as optimisation problems . solving this kind of problems means to find , among all possible solutions , the one that maximises an evaluation function . one approach to solve this kind of problem is to use an informed search strategy . the principle of this kind of strategy is to use problem - specific knowledge beyond the definition of the problem itself ←
→ a fuzzy clustering model for fuzzy data with outliers ; in this paper a fuzzy clustering model for fuzzy data with outliers is proposed . the model is based on wasserstein distance between interval valued data which is generalized to fuzzy data . in addition , keller ' s approach is used to identify outliers and reduce their influences . we have also defined a transformation to change our distance to the euclidean distance . with the help of this approach , the problem of fuzzy clustering of fuzzy data is reduced t ←
→ high level path planning with uncertainty ; for high level path planning , environments are usually modeled as distance graphs , and path planning problems are reduced to computing the shortest path in distance graphs . one major drawback of this modeling is the inability to model uncertainties , which are often encountered in practice . in this paper , a new tool , called u - yraph , is proposed for environment modeling . a u - graph is an extension of distance graphs with the ability to handle a kind of uncertainty . b ←
→ a new method for classification of datasets for data mining ; decision tree is an important method for both induction research and data mining , which is mainly used for model classification and prediction . id3 algorithm is the most widely used algorithm in the decision tree so far . in this paper , the shortcoming of id3 ' s inclining to choose attributes with many values is discussed , and then a new decision tree algorithm which is improved version of id3 . in our proposed algorithm attributes are divided into ←
→ capturing long - term temporal dependencies with convolutional networks for continuous emotion recognition ; the goal of continuous emotion recognition is to assign an emotion value to every frame in a sequence of acoustic features . we show that incorporating long - term temporal dependencies is critical for continuous emotion recognition tasks . to this end , we first investigate architectures that use dilated convolutions . we show that even though such architectures outperform previously reported systems , the ←
→ v - variable image compression ; v - variable fractals , where $ v $ is a positive integer , are intuitively fractals with at most $ v $ different " forms " or " shapes " at all levels of magnification . in this paper we describe how v - variable fractals can be used for the purpose of image compression .←
→ upper bounds on the runtime of the univariate marginal distribution algorithm on onemax ; a runtime analysis of the univariate marginal distribution algorithm ( umda ) is presented on the onemax function for wide ranges of its parameters $\ mu $ and $\ lambda $. if $\ mu \ ge c \ log n $ for some constant $ c > 0 $ and $\ lambda =( 1 +\ theta ( 1 ))\ mu $, a general bound $ o (\ mu n )$ on the expected runtime is obtained . this bound crucially assumes that all marginal probabilities of the algorithm are confined to the interval $[ 1 / n ,←
→ causal bandits : learning good interventions via causal inference ; we study the problem of using causal models to improve the rate at which good interventions can be learned online in a stochastic environment . our formalism combines multi - arm bandits and causal inference to model a novel type of bandit feedback that is not exploited by existing approaches . we propose a new algorithm that exploits the causal feedback and prove a bound on its simple regret that is strictly better ( in all quantities ) than algo ←
→ estimation of fuzzy anomalies in water distribution systems ; state estimation is necessary in diagnosing anomalies in water demand systems ( wds ). in this paper we present a neural network performing such a task . state estimation is performed by using optimization , which tries to reconcile all the available information . quantification of the uncertainty of the input data ( telemetry measures and demand predictions ) can be achieved by means of robust estate estimation . using a mathematical model of the networ ←
→ morph - fitting : fine - tuning word vector spaces with simple language - specific rules ; morphologically rich languages accentuate two properties of distributional vector space models : 1 ) the difficulty of inducing accurate representations for low - frequency word forms ; and 2 ) insensitivity to distinct lexical relations that have similar distributional signatures . these effects are detrimental for language understanding systems , which may infer that ' inexpensive ' is a rephrasing for ' expensive ' or may not assoc ←
→ linking microscopic and macroscopic models for evolution : markov chain network training and conservation law approximations ; in this paper , a general framework for the analysis of a connection between the training of artificial neural networks via the dynamics of markov chains and the approximation of conservation law equations is proposed . this framework allows us to demonstrate an intrinsic link between microscopic and macroscopic models for evolution via the concept of perturbed generalized dynamic sy ←
→ effective dimensions of hierarchical latent class models ; hierarchical latent class ( hlc ) models are tree - structured bayesian networks where leaf nodes are observed while internal nodes are latent . there are no theoretically well justified model selection criteria for hlc models in particular and bayesian networks with latent nodes in general . nonetheless , empirical studies suggest that the bic score is a reasonable criterion to use in practice for learning hlc models . empirical studies also suggest that s ←
→ autonomous agents modelling other agents : a comprehensive survey and open problems ; much research in artificial intelligence is concerned with the development of autonomous agents that can interact effectively with other agents . an important aspect of such agents is the ability to reason about the behaviours of other agents , by constructing models which make predictions about various properties of interest ( such as actions , goals , beliefs ) of the modelled agents . a variety of modelling approaches now exi ←
→ towards crafting text adversarial samples ; adversarial samples are strategically modified samples , which are crafted with the purpose of fooling a classifier at hand . an attacker introduces specially crafted adversarial samples to a deployed classifier , which are being mis - classified by the classifier . however , the samples are perceived to be drawn from entirely different classes and thus it becomes hard to detect the adversarial samples . most of the prior works have been focused on synthesizing adversaria ←
→ image based appraisal of real estate properties ; real estate appraisal , which is the process of estimating the price for real estate properties , is crucial for both buys and sellers as the basis for negotiation and transaction . traditionally , the repeat sales model has been widely adopted to estimate real estate price . however , it depends the design and calculation of a complex economic related index , which is challenging to estimate accurately . today , real estate brokers provide easy access to detailed on ←
→ a human - centric approach to group - based context - awareness ; the emerging need for qualitative approaches in context - aware information processing calls for proper modeling of context information and efficient handling of its inherent uncertainty resulted from human interpretation and usage . many of the current approaches to context - awareness either lack a solid theoretical basis for modeling or ignore important requirements such as modularity , high - order uncertainty management and group - based context - awarene ←
→ on statistics , computation and scalability ; how should statistical procedures be designed so as to be scalable computationally to the massive datasets that are increasingly the norm ? when coupled with the requirement that an answer to an inferential question be delivered within a certain time budget , this question has significant repercussions for the field of statistics . with the goal of identifying " time - data tradeoffs ," we investigate some of the statistical consequences of computational perspectives on ←
→ graph kernels via functional embedding ; we propose a representation of graph as a functional object derived from the power iteration of the underlying adjacency matrix . the proposed functional representation is a graph invariant , i . e ., the functional remains unchanged under any reordering of the vertices . this property eliminates the difficulty of handling exponentially many isomorphic forms . bhattacharyya kernel constructed between these functionals significantly outperforms the state - of - the - art graph ker ←
→ dense transformer networks ; the key idea of current deep learning methods for dense prediction is to apply a model on a regular patch centered on each pixel to make pixel - wise predictions . these methods are limited in the sense that the patches are determined by network architecture instead of learned from data . in this work , we propose the dense transformer networks , which can learn the shapes and sizes of patches from data . the dense transformer networks employ an encoder - decoder architecture , and a pair ←
→ lower bound bayesian networks - an efficient inference of lower bounds on probability distributions in bayesian networks ; we present a new method to propagate lower bounds on conditional probability distributions in conventional bayesian networks . our method guarantees to provide outer approximations of the exact lower bounds . a key advantage is that we can use any available algorithms and tools for bayesian networks in order to represent and infer lower bounds . this new method yields results that are pr ←
→ building a regular decision boundary with deep networks ; in this work , we build a generic architecture of convolutional neural networks to discover empirical properties of neural networks . our first contribution is to introduce a state - of - the - art framework that depends upon few hyper parameters and to study the network when we vary them . it has no max pooling , no biases , only 13 layers , is purely convolutional and yields up to 95 . 4 % and 79 . 6 % accuracy respectively on cifar10 and cifar100 . we show that the ←
→ recklessly approximate sparse coding ; it has recently been observed that certain extremely simple feature encoding techniques are able to achieve state of the art performance on several standard image classification benchmarks including deep belief networks , convolutional nets , factored rbms , mcrbms , convolutional rbms , sparse autoencoders and several others . moreover , these " triangle " or " soft threshold " encodings are ex - tremely efficient to compute . several intuitive arguments have been put forward to e ←
→ region - based incremental pruning for pomdps ; we present a major improvement to the incremental pruning algorithm for solving partially observable markov decision processes . our technique targets the cross - sum step of the dynamic programming ( dp ) update , a key source of complexity in pomdp algorithms . instead of reasoning about the whole belief space when pruning the cross - sums , our algorithm divides the belief space into smaller regions and performs independent pruning in each region . we evaluate the benef ←
→ geometric abstraction from noisy image - based 3d reconstructions ; creating geometric abstracted models from image - based scene reconstructions is difficult due to noise and irregularities in the reconstructed model . in this paper , we present a geometric modeling method for noisy reconstructions dominated by planar horizontal and orthogonal vertical structures . we partition the scene into horizontal slices and create an inside / outside labeling represented by a floor plan for each slice by solving an energy mi ←
→ classification of weak multi - view signals by sharing factors in a mixture of bayesian group factor analyzers ; we propose a novel classification model for weak signal data , building upon a recent model for bayesian multi - view learning , group factor analysis ( gfa ). instead of assuming all data to come from a single gfa model , we allow latent clusters , each having a different gfa model and producing a different class distribution . we show that sharing information across the clusters , by sharing factors , inc ←
→ learning structured sparsity in deep neural networks ; high demand for computation resources severely hinders deployment of large - scale deep neural networks ( dnn ) in resource constrained devices . in this work , we propose a structured sparsity learning ( ssl ) method to regularize the structures ( i . e ., filters , channels , filter shapes , and layer depth ) of dnns . ssl can : ( 1 ) learn a compact structure from a bigger dnn to reduce computation cost ; ( 2 ) obtain a hardware - friendly structured sparsity of dnn to effic ←
→ audio - replay attack detection countermeasures ; this paper presents the speech technology center ( stc ) replay attack detection systems proposed for automatic speaker verification spoofing and countermeasures challenge 2017 . in this study we focused on comparison of different spoofing detection approaches . these were gmm based methods , high level features extraction with simple classifier and deep learning frameworks . experiments performed on the development and evaluation parts of the challenge dataset demo ←
→ object detection networks on convolutional feature maps ; most object detectors contain two important components : a feature extractor and an object classifier . the feature extractor has rapidly evolved with significant research efforts leading to better deep convolutional architectures . the object classifier , however , has not received much attention and many recent systems ( like sppnet and fast / faster r - cnn ) use simple multi - layer perceptrons . this paper demonstrates that carefully designing deep networks f ←
→ speeding up the bilateral filter : a joint acceleration way ; computational complexity of the brute - force implementation of the bilateral filter ( bf ) depends on its filter kernel size . to achieve the constant - time bf whose complexity is irrelevant to the kernel size , many techniques have been proposed , such as 2d box filtering , dimension promotion , and shiftability property . although each of the above techniques suffers from accuracy and efficiency problems , previous algorithm designers were used to take onl ←
→ sparse regularization in marketing and economics ; sparse alpha - norm regularization has many data - rich applications in marketing and economics . alpha - norm , in contrast to lasso and ridge regularization , jumps to a sparse solution . this feature is attractive for ultra high - dimensional problems that occur in demand estimation and forecasting . the alpha - norm objective is nonconvex and requires coordinate descent and proximal operators to find the sparse solution . we study a typical marketing demand forecasting ←
→ utility - based abstraction and categorization ; we take a utility - based approach to categorization . we construct generalizations about events and actions by considering losses associated with failing to distinguish among detailed distinctions in a decision model . the utility - based methods transform detailed states of the world into more abstract categories comprised of disjunctions of the states . we show how we can cluster distinctions into groups of distinctions at progressively higher levels of abstraction ←
→ interval constraint solving for camera control and motion planning ; many problems in robust control and motion planning can be reduced to either find a sound approximation of the solution space determined by a set of nonlinear inequalities , or to the `` guaranteed tuning problem '' as defined by jaulin and walter , which amounts to finding a value for some tuning parameter such that a set of inequalities be verified for all the possible values of some perturbation vector . a classical approach to solve these p ←
→ reliable and efficient inference of bayesian networks from sparse data by statistical learning theory ; to learn ( statistical ) dependencies among random variables requires exponentially large sample size in the number of observed random variables if any arbitrary joint probability distribution can occur . we consider the case that sparse data strongly suggest that the probabilities can be described by a simple bayesian network , i . e ., by a graph with small in - degree \ delta . then this simple law will also ←
→ optimal management of naturally regenerating uneven - aged forests ; a shift from even - aged forest management to uneven - aged management practices leads to a problem rather different from the existing straightforward practice that follows a rotation cycle of artificial regeneration , thinning of inferior trees and a clearcut . a lack of realistic models and methods suggesting how to manage uneven - aged stands in a way that is economically viable and ecologically sustainable creates difficulties in adopting this n ←
→ emotional expression classification using time - series kernels ; estimation of facial expressions , as spatio - temporal processes , can take advantage of kernel methods if one considers facial landmark positions and their motion in 3d space . we applied support vector classification with kernels derived from dynamic time - warping similarity measures . we achieved over 99 % accuracy - measured by area under roc curve - using only the ' motion pattern ' of the pca compressed representation of the marker point vector , t ←
→ time series kernel similarities for predicting paroxysmal atrial fibrillation from ecgs ; we tackle the problem of classifying electrocardiography ( ecg ) signals with the aim of predicting the onset of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation ( paf ). atrial fibrillation is the most common type of arrhythmia , but in many cases paf episodes are asymptomatic . therefore , in order to help diagnosing paf , it is important to be design a suitable procedure for detecting and , more importantly , predicting paf episodes . we prop ←
→ hierarchical latent semantic mapping for automated topic generation ; much of information sits in an unprecedented amount of text data . managing allocation of these large scale text data is an important problem for many areas . topic modeling performs well in this problem . the traditional generative models ( plsa , lda ) are the state - of - the - art approaches in topic modeling and most recent research on topic generation has been focusing on improving or extending these models . however , results of traditional gener ←
→ posterior calibration and exploratory analysis for natural language processing models ; many models in natural language processing define probabilistic distributions over linguistic structures . we argue that ( 1 ) the quality of a model ' s posterior distribution can and should be directly evaluated , as to whether probabilities correspond to empirical frequencies , and ( 2 ) nlp uncertainty can be projected not only to pipeline components , but also to exploratory data analysis , telling a user when to trust and ←
→ integrating probabilistic , taxonomic and causal knowledge in abductive diagnosis ; we propose an abductive diagnosis theory that integrates probabilistic , causal and taxonomic knowledge . probabilistic knowledge allows us to select the most likely explanation ; causal knowledge allows us to make reasonable independence assumptions ; taxonomic knowledge allows causation to be modeled at different levels of detail , and allows observations be described in different levels of precision . unlike most other approac ←
→ a novel feature extraction method for scene recognition based on centered convolutional restricted boltzmann machines ; scene recognition is an important research topic in computer vision , while feature extraction is a key step of object recognition . although classical restricted boltzmann machines ( rbm ) can efficiently represent complicated data , it is hard to handle large images due to its complexity in computation . in this paper , a novel feature extraction method , named centered convolutional restricte ←
→ active learning from imperfect labelers ; we study active learning where the labeler can not only return incorrect labels but also abstain from labeling . we consider different noise and abstention conditions of the labeler . we propose an algorithm which utilizes abstention responses , and analyze its statistical consistency and query complexity under fairly natural assumptions on the noise and abstention rate of the labeler . this algorithm is adaptive in a sense that it can automatically request less queries ←
→ a learning framework for winner - take - all networks with stochastic synapses ; many recent generative models make use of neural networks to transform the probability distribution of a simple low - dimensional noise process into the complex distribution of the data . this raises the question of whether biological networks operate along similar principles to implement a probabilistic model of the environment through transformations of intrinsic noise processes . the intrinsic neural and synaptic noise processes i ←
→ towards good practices for deep 3d hand pose estimation ; 3d hand pose estimation from single depth image is an important and challenging problem for human - computer interaction . recently deep convolutional networks ( convnet ) with sophisticated design have been employed to address it , but the improvement over traditional random forest based methods is not so apparent . to exploit the good practice and promote the performance for hand pose estimation , we propose a tree - structured region ensemble network ( ren ) ←
→ target tracking in real time surveillance cameras and videos ; security concerns has been kept on increasing , so it is important for everyone to keep their property safe from thefts and destruction . so the need for surveillance techniques are also increasing . the system has been developed to detect the motion in a video . a system has been developed for real time applications by using the techniques of background subtraction and frame differencing . in this system , motion is detected from the webcam or from t ←
→ stealing machine learning models via prediction apis ; machine learning ( ml ) models may be deemed confidential due to their sensitive training data , commercial value , or use in security applications . increasingly often , confidential ml models are being deployed with publicly accessible query interfaces . ml - as - a - service (" predictive analytics ") systems are an example : some allow users to train models on potentially sensitive data and charge others for access on a pay - per - query basis . the tension between mo ←
→ enhancing the lexvec distributed word representation model using positional contexts and external memory ; in this paper we take a state - of - the - art model for distributed word representation that explicitly factorizes the positive pointwise mutual information ( ppmi ) matrix using window sampling and negative sampling and address two of its shortcomings . we improve syntactic performance by using positional contexts , and solve the need to store the ppmi matrix in memory by working on aggregate data in externa ←
→ connecting look and feel : associating the visual and tactile properties of physical materials ; for machines to interact with the physical world , they must understand the physical properties of objects and materials they encounter . we use fabrics as an example of a deformable material with a rich set of mechanical properties . a thin flexible fabric , when draped , tends to look different from a heavy stiff fabric . it also feels different when touched . using a collection of 118 fabric sample , we captured col ←
→ the role of conversation context for sarcasm detection in online interactions ; computational models for sarcasm detection have often relied on the content of utterances in isolation . however , speaker ' s sarcastic intent is not always obvious without additional context . focusing on social media discussions , we investigate two issues : ( 1 ) does modeling of conversation context help in sarcasm detection and ( 2 ) can we understand what part of conversation context triggered the sarcastic reply . to address the f ←
→ a rational analysis of curiosity ; we present a rational analysis of curiosity , proposing that people ' s curiosity is driven by seeking stimuli that maximize their ability to make appropriate responses in the future . this perspective offers a way to unify previous theories of curiosity into a single framework . experimental results confirm our model ' s predictions , showing how the relationship between curiosity and confidence can change significantly depending on the nature of the environment .←
→ treeqn and atreec : differentiable tree - structured models for deep reinforcement learning ; combining deep model - free reinforcement learning with on - line planning is a promising approach to building on the successes of deep rl . on - line planning with look - ahead trees has proven successful in environments where transition models are known a priori . however , in complex environments where transition models need to be learned from data , the deficiencies of learned models have limited their utility for planning .←
→ semi - separable hamiltonian monte carlo for inference in bayesian hierarchical models ; sampling from hierarchical bayesian models is often difficult for mcmc methods , because of the strong correlations between the model parameters and the hyperparameters . recent riemannian manifold hamiltonian monte carlo ( rmhmc ) methods have significant potential advantages in this setting , but are computationally expensive . we introduce a new rmhmc method , which we call semi - separable hamiltonian monte carlo , which uses ←
→ learning stable group invariant representations with convolutional networks ; transformation groups , such as translations or rotations , effectively express part of the variability observed in many recognition problems . the group structure enables the construction of invariant signal representations with appealing mathematical properties , where convolutions , together with pooling operators , bring stability to additive and geometric perturbations of the input . whereas physical transformation groups are ubiq ←
→" look ma , no hands !" a parameter - free topic model ; it has always been a burden to the users of statistical topic models to predetermine the right number of topics , which is a key parameter of most topic models . conventionally , automatic selection of this parameter is done through either statistical model selection ( e . g ., cross - validation , aic , or bic ) or bayesian nonparametric models ( e . g ., hierarchical dirichlet process ). these methods either rely on repeated runs of the inference algorithm to search thro ←
→ multiple instance curriculum learning for weakly supervised object detection ; when supervising an object detector with weakly labeled data , most existing approaches are prone to trapping in the discriminative object parts , e . g ., finding the face of a cat instead of the full body , due to lacking the supervision on the extent of full objects . to address this challenge , we incorporate object segmentation into the detector training , which guides the model to correctly localize the full objects . we propose th ←
→ a survey of named entity recognition in assamese and other indian languages ; named entity recognition is always important when dealing with major natural language processing tasks such as information extraction , question - answering , machine translation , document summarization etc so in this paper we put forward a survey of named entities in indian languages with particular reference to assamese . there are various rule - based and machine learning approaches available for named entity recognition . at the ver ←
→ a modified vortex search algorithm for numerical function optimization ; the vortex search ( vs ) algorithm is one of the recently proposed metaheuristic algorithms which was inspired from the vortical flow of the stirred fluids . although the vs algorithm is shown to be a good candidate for the solution of certain optimization problems , it also has some drawbacks . in the vs algorithm , candidate solutions are generated around the current best solution by using a gaussian distribution at each iteration pass . th ←
→ improved inception - residual convolutional neural network for object recognition ; machine learning and computer vision have driven many of the greatest advances in the modeling of deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ). nowadays , most of the research has been focused on improving recognition accuracy with better dcnn models and learning approaches . the recurrent convolutional approach is not applied very much , other than in a few dcnn architectures . on the other hand , inception - v4 and residual network ←
→ soap vs rest : comparing a master - slave ga implementation ; in this paper , a high - level comparison of both soap ( simple object access protocol ) and rest ( representational state transfer ) is made . these are the two main approaches for interfacing to the web with web services . both approaches are different and present some advantages and disadvantages for interfacing to web services : soap is conceptually more difficult ( has a steeper learning curve ) and more " heavy - weight " than rest , although it lacks of stand ←
→ deep kinematic pose regression ; learning articulated object pose is inherently difficult because the pose is high dimensional but has many structural constraints . most existing work do not model such constraints and does not guarantee the geometric validity of their pose estimation , therefore requiring a post - processing to recover the correct geometry if desired , which is cumbersome and sub - optimal . in this work , we propose to directly embed a kinematic object model into the deep neutral network learning f ←
→ towards the application of linear programming methods for multi - camera pose estimation ; we presented a separation based optimization algorithm which , rather than optimization the entire variables altogether , this would allow us to employ : 1 ) a class of nonlinear functions with three variables and 2 ) a convex quadratic multivariable polynomial , for minimization of reprojection error . neglecting the inversion required to minimize the nonlinear functions , in this paper we demonstrate how separation allows e ←
→ efficient linear programming for dense crfs ; the fully connected conditional random field ( crf ) with gaussian pairwise potentials has proven popular and effective for multi - class semantic segmentation . while the energy of a dense crf can be minimized accurately using a linear programming ( lp ) relaxation , the state - of - the - art algorithm is too slow to be useful in practice . to alleviate this deficiency , we introduce an efficient lp minimization algorithm for dense crfs . to this end , we develop a proximal min ←
→ consistency management of normal logic program by top - down abductive proof procedure ; this paper presents a method of computing a revision of a function - free normal logic program . if an added rule is inconsistent with a program , that is , if it leads to a situation such that no stable model exists for a new program , then deletion and addition of rules are performed to avoid inconsistency . we specify a revision by translating a normal logic program into an abductive logic program with abducibles to represe ←
→ enhancenet : single image super - resolution through automated texture synthesis ; single image super - resolution is the task of inferring a high - resolution image from a single low - resolution input . traditionally , the performance of algorithms for this task is measured using pixel - wise reconstruction measures such as peak signal - to - noise ratio ( psnr ) which have been shown to correlate poorly with the human perception of image quality . as a result , algorithms minimizing these metrics tend to produce over - smoot ←
→ a generalized parametric 3d shape representation for articulated pose estimation ; we present a novel parametric 3d shape representation , generalized sum of gaussians ( g - sog ), which is particularly suitable for pose estimation of articulated objects . compared with the original sum - of - gaussians ( sog ), g - sog can handle both isotropic and anisotropic gaussians , leading to a more flexible and adaptable shape representation yet with much fewer anisotropic gaussians involved . an articulated shape template can b ←
→ a service - oriented architecture for assisting the authoring of semantic crowd maps ; although there are increasingly more initiatives for the generation of semantic knowledge based on user participation , there is still a shortage of platforms for regular users to create applications on which semantic data can be exploited and generated automatically . we propose an architecture , called semantic maps ( semaps ), for assisting the authoring and hosting of applications in which the maps combine the aggregation ←
→ new similarity index based on entropy and group theory ; in this work , we propose a new similarity index for images considering the entropy function and group theory . this index considers an algebraic group of images , it is defined by an inner law that provides a novel approach for the subtraction of images . through an equivalence relationship in the field of images , we prove the existence of the quotient group , on which the new similarity index is defined . we also present the main properties of the new ind ←
→ on type - aware entity retrieval ; today , the practice of returning entities from a knowledge base in response to search queries has become widespread . one of the distinctive characteristics of entities is that they are typed , i . e ., assigned to some hierarchically organized type system ( type taxonomy ). the primary objective of this paper is to gain a better understanding of how entity type information can be utilized in entity retrieval . we perform this investigation in an idealized " oracle " setting , assuming ←
→ an efficient feature selection in classification of audio files ; in this paper we have focused on an efficient feature selection method in classification of audio files . the main objective is feature selection and extraction . we have selected a set of features for further analysis , which represents the elements in feature vector . by extraction method we can compute a numerical representation that can be used to characterize the audio using the existing toolbox . in this study gain ratio ( gr ) is used as a fe ←
→ a multi - view embedding space for modeling internet images , tags , and their semantics ; this paper investigates the problem of modeling internet images and associated text or tags for tasks such as image - to - image search , tag - to - image search , and image - to - tag search ( image annotation ). we start with canonical correlation analysis ( cca ), a popular and successful approach for mapping visual and textual features to the same latent space , and incorporate a third view capturing high - level image semantics , repres ←
→ single memristor logic gates : from not to a full adder ; memristors have been suggested as a novel route to neuromorphic computing based on the similarity between them and neurons ( specifically synapses and ion pumps ). the d . c . action of the memristor is a current spike which imparts a short - term memory to the device . here it is demonstrated that this short - term memory works exactly like habituation ( e . g . in \ emph { aplysia }). we elucidate the physical rules , based on energy conservation , governing the intera ←
→ modeling transportation routines using hybrid dynamic mixed networks ; this paper describes a general framework called hybrid dynamic mixed networks ( hdmns ) which are hybrid dynamic bayesian networks that allow representation of discrete deterministic information in the form of constraints . we propose approximate inference algorithms that integrate and adjust well known algorithmic principles such as generalized belief propagation , rao - blackwellised particle filtering and constraint propagation to address t ←
→ learning to predict charges for criminal cases with legal basis ; the charge prediction task is to determine appropriate charges for a given case , which is helpful for legal assistant systems where the user input is fact description . we argue that relevant law articles play an important role in this task , and therefore propose an attention - based neural network method to jointly model the charge prediction task and the relevant article extraction task in a unified framework . the experimental results show tha ←
→ joint cuts and matching of partitions in one graph ; as two fundamental problems , graph cuts and graph matching have been investigated over decades , resulting in vast literature in these two topics respectively . however the way of jointly applying and solving graph cuts and matching receives few attention . in this paper , we first formalize the problem of simultaneously cutting a graph into two partitions i . e . graph cuts and establishing their correspondence i . e . graph matching . then we develop an optimizati ←
→ cost - effective active learning for melanoma segmentation ; we propose a novel active learning framework capable to train effectively a convolutional neural network for semantic segmentation of medical imaging , with a limited amount of training labeled data . our contribution is a practical cost - effective active learning approach using dropout at test time as monte carlo sampling to model the pixel - wise uncertainty and to analyze the image information to improve the training performance . the source code of th ←
→ gradient normalization & depth based decay for deep learning ; in this paper we introduce a novel method of gradient normalization and decay with respect to depth . our method leverages the simple concept of normalizing all gradients in a deep neural network , and then decaying said gradients with respect to their depth in the network . our proposed normalization and decay techniques can be used in conjunction with most current state of the art optimizers and are a very simple addition to any network . this met ←
→ fast large - scale optimization by unifying stochastic gradient and quasi - newton methods ; we present an algorithm for minimizing a sum of functions that combines the computational efficiency of stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) with the second order curvature information leveraged by quasi - newton methods . we unify these disparate approaches by maintaining an independent hessian approximation for each contributing function in the sum . we maintain computational tractability and limit memory requirements even ←
→ a learned representation for artistic style ; the diversity of painting styles represents a rich visual vocabulary for the construction of an image . the degree to which one may learn and parsimoniously capture this visual vocabulary measures our understanding of the higher level features of paintings , if not images in general . in this work we investigate the construction of a single , scalable deep network that can parsimoniously capture the artistic style of a diversity of paintings . we demonstrate that suc ←
→ multiple view reconstruction of calibrated images using singular value decomposition ; calibration in a multi camera network has widely been studied for over several years starting from the earlier days of photogrammetry . many authors have presented several calibration algorithms with their relative advantages and disadvantages . in a stereovision system , multiple view reconstruction is a challenging task . however , the total computational procedure in detail has not been presented before . here in this work ←
→ studying the wikipedia hyperlink graph for relatedness and disambiguation ; hyperlinks and other relations in wikipedia are a extraordinary resource which is still not fully understood . in this paper we study the different types of links in wikipedia , and contrast the use of the full graph with respect to just direct links . we apply a well - known random walk algorithm on two tasks , word relatedness and named - entity disambiguation . we show that using the full graph is more effective than just direct links b ←
→ orthogonal multifilters image processing of astronomical images from scanned photographic plates ; in this paper orthogonal multifilters for astronomical image processing are presented . we obtained new orthogonal multifilters based on the orthogonal wavelet of haar and daubechies . recently , multiwavelets have been introduced as a more powerful multiscale analysis tool . it adds several degrees of freedom in multifilter design and makes it possible to have several useful properties such as symmetry , orthogo ←
→ blind pre - processing : a robust defense method against adversarial examples ; deep learning algorithms and networks are vulnerable to perturbed inputs which is known as the adversarial attack . many defense methodologies have been investigated to defend against such adversarial attack . in this work , we propose a novel methodology to defend the existing powerful attack model . we for the first time introduce a new attacking scheme for the attacker and set a practical constraint for white box attack . under thi ←
→ the computing of digital ecosystems ; a primary motivation for our research in digital ecosystems is the desire to exploit the self - organising properties of biological ecosystems . ecosystems are thought to be robust , scalable architectures that can automatically solve complex , dynamic problems . however , the computing technologies that contribute to these properties have not been made explicit in digital ecosystems research . here , we discuss how different computing technologies can contribute to providing th ←
→ joint deep learning for car detection ; traditional object recognition approaches apply feature extraction , part deformation handling , occlusion handling and classification sequentially while they are independent from each other . ouyang and wang proposed a model for jointly learning of all of the mentioned processes using one deep neural network . we utilized , and manipulated their toolbox in order to apply it in car detection scenarios where it had not been tested . creating a single deep architecture from t ←
→ learning simple algorithms from examples ; we present an approach for learning simple algorithms such as copying , multi - digit addition and single digit multiplication directly from examples . our framework consists of a set of interfaces , accessed by a controller . typical interfaces are 1 - d tapes or 2 - d grids that hold the input and output data . for the controller , we explore a range of neural network - based models which vary in their ability to abstract the underlying algorithm from training instances and ge ←
→ fast verification of convexity of piecewise - linear surfaces ; we show that a realization of a closed connected pl - manifold of dimension n - 1 in n - dimensional euclidean space ( n > 2 ) is the boundary of a convex polyhedron ( finite or infinite ) if and only if the interior of each ( n - 3 )- face has a point , which has a neighborhood lying on the boundary of an n - dimensional convex body . no initial assumptions about the topology or orientability of the input surface are made . the theorem is derived from a refinement an ←
→ associative content - addressable networks with exponentially many robust stable states ; the brain must robustly store a large number of memories , corresponding to the many events encountered over a lifetime . however , the number of memory states in existing neural network models either grows weakly with network size or recall fails catastrophically with vanishingly little noise . we construct an associative content - addressable memory with exponentially many stable states and robust error - correction . the net ←
→ lssvm - abc algorithm for stock price prediction ; in this paper , artificial bee colony ( abc ) algorithm which inspired from the behavior of honey bees swarm is presented . abc is a stochastic population - based evolutionary algorithm for problem solving . abc algorithm , which is considered one of the most recently swarm intelligent techniques , is proposed to optimize least square support vector machine ( lssvm ) to predict the daily stock prices . the proposed model is based on the study of stocks historical data , t ←
→ geometry guided adversarial facial expression synthesis ; facial expression synthesis has drawn much attention in the field of computer graphics and pattern recognition . it has been widely used in face animation and recognition . however , it is still challenging due to the high - level semantic presence of large and non - linear face geometry variations . this paper proposes a geometry - guided generative adversarial network ( g2 - gan ) for photo - realistic and identity - preserving facial expression synthesis . we employ ←
→ sharp convergence rates for forward regression in high - dimensional sparse linear models ; forward regression is a statistical model selection and estimation procedure which inductively selects covariates that add predictive power into a working statistical regression model . once a model is selected , unknown regression parameters are estimated by least squares . this paper analyzes forward regression in high - dimensional sparse linear models . probabilistic bounds for prediction error norm and number of selec ←
→ in search of a dataset for handwritten optical music recognition : introducing muscima ++ ; optical music recognition ( omr ) has long been without an adequate dataset and ground truth for evaluating omr systems , which has been a major problem for establishing a state of the art in the field . furthermore , machine learning methods require training data . we analyze how the omr processing pipeline can be expressed in terms of gradually more complex ground truth , and based on this analysis , we design the muscima +←
→ coverless information hiding based on generative model ; a new coverless image information hiding method based on generative model is proposed , we feed the secret image to the generative model database , and generate a meaning - normal and independent image different from the secret image , then , the generated image is transmitted to the receiver and is fed to the generative model database to generate another image visually the same as the secret image . so we only need to transmit the meaning - normal image which ←
→ a dirt - t approach to unsupervised domain adaptation ; domain adaptation refers to the problem of leveraging labeled data in a source domain to learn an accurate model in a target domain where labels are scarce or unavailable . a recent approach for finding a common representation of the two domains is via domain adversarial training ( ganin & lempitsky , 2015 ), which attempts to induce a feature extractor that matches the source and target feature distributions in some feature space . however , domain adversaria ←
→ uncertainty estimates for efficient neural network - based dialogue policy optimisation ; in statistical dialogue management , the dialogue manager learns a policy that maps a belief state to an action for the system to perform . efficient exploration is key to successful policy optimisation . current deep reinforcement learning methods are very promising but rely on epsilon - greedy exploration , thus subjecting the user to a random choice of action during learning . alternative approaches such as gaussian proces ←
→ learning symbolic models of stochastic domains ; in this article , we work towards the goal of developing agents that can learn to act in complex worlds . we develop a probabilistic , relational planning rule representation that compactly models noisy , nondeterministic action effects , and show how such rules can be effectively learned . through experiments in simple planning domains and a 3d simulated blocks world with realistic physics , we demonstrate that this learning algorithm allows agents to effectively m ←
→ a hybrid spatial data mining approach based on fuzzy topological relations and moses evolutionary algorithm ; making high - quality decisions in strategic spatial planning is heavily dependent on extracting knowledge from vast amounts of data . although many decision - making problems like developing urban areas require such perception and reasoning , existing methods in this field usually neglect the deep knowledge mined from geographic databases and are based on pure statistical methods . due to the large volu ←
→ the neural representation benchmark and its evaluation on brain and machine ; a key requirement for the development of effective learning representations is their evaluation and comparison to representations we know to be effective . in natural sensory domains , the community has viewed the brain as a source of inspiration and as an implicit benchmark for success . however , it has not been possible to directly test representational learning algorithms directly against the representations contained in neural ←
→ stacked kernel network ; kernel methods are powerful tools to capture nonlinear patterns behind data . they implicitly learn high ( even infinite ) dimensional nonlinear features in the reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ) while making the computation tractable by leveraging the kernel trick . classic kernel methods learn a single layer of nonlinear features , whose representational power may be limited . motivated by recent success of deep neural networks ( dnns ) that learn multi - layer hierarchical representat ←
→ the fundamental problem with the building block hypothesis ; skepticism of the building block hypothesis ( bbh ) has previously been expressed on account of the weak theoretical foundations of this hypothesis and the anomalies in the empirical record of the simple genetic algorithm . in this paper we hone in on a more fundamental cause for skepticism -- the extraordinary strength of some of the assumptions that undergird the bbh . specifically , we focus on assumptions made about the distribution of fitness over t ←
→ saturating auto - encoders ; we introduce a simple new regularizer for auto - encoders whose hidden - unit activation functions contain at least one zero - gradient ( saturated ) region . this regularizer explicitly encourages activations in the saturated region ( s ) of the corresponding activation function . we call these saturating auto - encoders ( satae ). we show that the saturation regularizer explicitly limits the satae ' s ability to reconstruct inputs which are not near the data manifold . furthermore , we show that a w ←
→ exploring the role of logically related non - question phrases for answering why - questions ; in this paper , we show that certain phrases although not present in a given question / query , play a very important role in answering the question . exploring the role of such phrases in answering questions not only reduces the dependency on matching question phrases for extracting answers , but also improves the quality of the extracted answers . here matching question phrases means phrases which co - occur in given quest ←
→ the kernel pitman - yor process ; in this work , we propose the kernel pitman - yor process ( kpyp ) for nonparametric clustering of data with general spatial or temporal interdependencies . the kpyp is constructed by first introducing an infinite sequence of random locations . then , based on the stick - breaking construction of the pitman - yor process , we define a predictor - dependent random probability measure by considering that the discount hyperparameters of the beta - distributed random weights ( stick variables ) of ←
→ predicting sla violations in real time using online machine learning ; detecting faults and sla violations in a timely manner is critical for telecom providers , in order to avoid loss in business , revenue and reputation . at the same time predicting sla violations for user services in telecom environments is difficult , due to time - varying user demands and infrastructure load conditions . in this paper , we propose a service - agnostic online learning approach , whereby the behavior of the system is learned on t ←
→ matching models across abstraction levels with gaussian processes ; biological systems are often modelled at different levels of abstraction depending on the particular aims / resources of a study . such different models often provide qualitatively concordant predictions over specific parametrisations , but it is generally unclear whether model predictions are quantitatively in agreement , and whether such agreement holds for different parametrisations . here we present a generally applicable statistical machine ←
→ neural extractive summarization with side information ; most extractive summarization methods focus on the main body of the document from which sentences need to be extracted . however , the gist of the document may lie in side information , such as the title and image captions which are often available for newswire articles . we propose to explore side information in the context of single - document extractive summarization . we develop a framework for single - document summarization composed of a hierarchical docu ←
→ stochastic smoothing for nonsmooth minimizations : accelerating sgd by exploiting structure ; in this work we consider the stochastic minimization of nonsmooth convex loss functions , a central problem in machine learning . we propose a novel algorithm called accelerated nonsmooth stochastic gradient descent ( ansgd ), which exploits the structure of common nonsmooth loss functions to achieve optimal convergence rates for a class of problems including svms . it is the first stochastic algorithm that can achieve ←
→ bayesian test of significance for conditional independence : the multinomial model ; conditional independence tests ( ci tests ) have received special attention lately in machine learning and computational intelligence related literature as an important indicator of the relationship among the variables used by their models . in the field of probabilistic graphical models ( pgm )-- which includes bayesian networks ( bn ) models -- ci tests are especially important for the task of learning the pgm structure from data .←
→ anytime belief propagation using sparse domains ; belief propagation has been widely used for marginal inference , however it is slow on problems with large - domain variables and high - order factors . previous work provides useful approximations to facilitate inference on such models , but lacks important anytime properties such as : 1 ) providing accurate and consistent marginals when stopped early , 2 ) improving the approximation when run longer , and 3 ) converging to the fixed point of bp . to this end , we propose ←
→ begin , after , and later : a maximal decidable interval temporal logic ; interval temporal logics ( itls ) are logics for reasoning about temporal statements expressed over intervals , i . e ., periods of time . the most famous itl studied so far is halpern and shoham ' s hs , which is the logic of the thirteen allen ' s interval relations . unfortunately , hs and most of its fragments have an undecidable satisfiability problem . this discouraged the research in this area until recently , when a number non - trivial decidable ←
→ representing , simulating and analysing ho chi minh city tsunami plan by means of process models ; this paper considers the textual plan ( guidelines ) proposed by people ' s committee of ho chi minh city ( vietnam ) to manage earthquake and tsunami , and try to represent it in a more formal way , in order to provide means to simulate , analyse and adapt it . we first present a state of the art about coordination models for disaster management with a focus on process oriented approaches . we give an overview of the d ←
→ colorisation et texturation temps réel d ' environnements urbains par système mobile avec scanner laser et caméra fish - eye ; we present here a real time mobile mapping system mounted on a vehicle . the terrestrial acquisition system is based on a geolocation system and two sensors , namely , a laser scanner and a camera with a fish - eye lens . we produce 3d colored points cloud and textured models of the environment . once the system has been calibrated , the data acquisition and processing are done " on the way ". ←
→ a nonlocal denoising algorithm for manifold - valued images using second order statistics ; nonlocal patch - based methods , in particular the bayes ' approach of lebrun , buades and morel ( 2013 ), are considered as state - of - the - art methods for denoising ( color ) images corrupted by white gaussian noise of moderate variance . this paper is the first attempt to generalize this technique to manifold - valued images . such images , for example images with phase or directional entries or with values in the manifold of symm ←
→ a rule based algorithm for detecting negative words in persian ; in this paper , we present a novel method for detecting negative words in persian . we first used an algorithm to an exceptions list which was later modified by hand . we then used the mentioned lists and a persian polarity corpus in our rule based algorithm to detect negative words .←
→ a cmos spiking neuron for dense memristor - synapse connectivity for brain - inspired computing ; neuromorphic systems that densely integrate cmos spiking neurons and nano - scale memristor synapses open a new avenue of brain - inspired computing . existing silicon neurons have molded neural biophysical dynamics but are incompatible with memristor synapses , or used extra training circuitry thus eliminating much of the density advantages gained by using memristors , or were energy inefficient . here we describe a nov ←
→ an incremental linear - time learning algorithm for the optimum - path forest classifier ; we present a classification method with incremental capabilities based on the optimum - path forest classifier ( opf ). the opf considers instances as nodes of a fully - connected training graph , arc weights represent distances between two feature vectors . our algorithm includes new instances in an opf in linear - time , while keeping similar accuracies when compared with the original quadratic - time model .←
→ a semi - automated statistical algorithm for object separation ; we explicate a semi - automated statistical algorithm for object identification and segregation in both gray scale and color images . the algorithm makes optimal use of the observation that definite objects in an image are typically represented by pixel values having narrow gaussian distributions about characteristic mean values . furthermore , for visually distinct objects , the corresponding gaussian distributions have negligible overlap with each o ←
→ iq of neural networks ; iq tests are an accepted method for assessing human intelligence . the tests consist of several parts that must be solved under a time constraint . of all the tested abilities , pattern recognition has been found to have the highest correlation with general intelligence . this is primarily because pattern recognition is the ability to find order in a noisy environment , a necessary skill for intelligent agents . in this paper , we propose a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) model for solvi ←
→ uv - gan : adversarial facial uv map completion for pose - invariant face recognition ; recently proposed robust 3d face alignment methods establish either dense or sparse correspondence between a 3d face model and a 2d facial image . the use of these methods presents new challenges as well as opportunities for facial texture analysis . in particular , by sampling the image using the fitted model , a facial uv can be created . unfortunately , due to self - occlusion , such a uv map is always incomplete . in this paper , ←
→ learning a deep $\ ell_ \ infty $ encoder for hashing ; we investigate the $\ ell_ \ infty $- constrained representation which demonstrates robustness to quantization errors , utilizing the tool of deep learning . based on the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ), we formulate the original convex minimization problem as a feed - forward neural network , named \ textit { deep $\ ell_ \ infty $ encoder }, by introducing the novel bounded linear unit ( blu ) neuron and modeling the lagrange multipliers as network biases ←
→ solving internal covariate shift in deep learning with linked neurons ; this work proposes a novel solution to the problem of internal covariate shift and dying neurons using the concept of linked neurons . we define the neuron linkage in terms of two constraints : first , all neuron activations in the linkage must have the same operating point . that is to say , all of them share input weights . secondly , a set of neurons is linked if and only if there is at least one member of the linkage that has a non - zero gr ←
→ moonshine : distilling with cheap convolutions ; model distillation compresses a trained machine learning model , such as a neural network , into a smaller alternative such that it could be easily deployed in a resource limited setting . unfortunately , this requires engineering two architectures : a student architecture smaller than the first teacher architecture but trained to emulate it . in this paper , we present a distillation strategy that produces a student architecture that is a simple transformation of th ←
→ enriching linked datasets with new object properties ; although several rdf knowledge bases are available through the lod initiative , the ontology schema of such linked datasets is not very rich . in particular , they lack object properties . the problem of finding new object properties ( and their instances ) between any two given classes has not been investigated in detail in the context of linked data . in this paper , we present dart ( detecting arbitrary relations for enriching t - boxes of linked data ) - an uns ←
→ a new stopping criterion for the mean shift iterative algorithm ; the mean shift iterative algorithm was proposed in 2006 , for using the entropy as a stopping criterion . from then on , a theoretical base has been developed and a group of applications has been carried out using this algorithm . this paper proposes a new stopping criterion for the mean shift iterative algorithm , where stopping threshold via entropy is used now , but in another way . many segmentation experiments were carried out by utilizing stan ←
→ flow - based algorithms for local graph clustering ; given a subset s of vertices of an undirected graph g , the cut - improvement problem asks us to find a subset s that is similar to a but has smaller conductance . a very elegant algorithm for this problem has been given by andersen and lang [ al08 ] and requires solving a small number of single - commodity maximum flow computations over the whole graph g . in this paper , we introduce localimprove , the first cut - improvement algorithm that is local , i . e . that runs in ←
→ relevant feature selection model using data mining for intrusion detection system ; network intrusions have become a significant threat in recent years as a result of the increased demand of computer networks for critical systems . intrusion detection system ( ids ) has been widely deployed as a defense measure for computer networks . features extracted from network traffic can be used as sign to detect anomalies . however with the huge amount of network traffic , collected data contains irrelevant and redundan ←
→ fastmask : segment multi - scale object candidates in one shot ; objects appear to scale differently in natural images . this fact requires methods dealing with object - centric tasks ( e . g . object proposal ) to have robust performance over variances in object scales . in the paper , we present a novel segment proposal framework , namely fastmask , which takes advantage of hierarchical features in deep convolutional neural networks to segment multi - scale objects in one shot . innovatively , we adapt segment proposal netw ←
→ link prediction based on graph neural networks ; traditional methods for link prediction can be categorized into three main types : graph structure feature - based , latent feature - based , and explicit feature - based . graph structure feature methods leverage some handcrafted node proximity scores , e . g ., common neighbors , to estimate the likelihood of links . latent feature methods rely on factorizing networks ' matrix representations to learn an embedding for each node . explicit feature methods train a machine lear ←
→ superposed episodic and semantic memory via sparse distributed representation ; the abilities to perceive , learn , and use generalities , similarities , classes , i . e ., semantic memory ( sm ), is central to cognition . machine learning ( ml ), neural network , and ai research has been primarily driven by tasks requiring such abilities . however , another central facet of cognition , single - trial formation of permanent memories of experiences , i . e ., episodic memory ( em ), has had relatively little focus . only recently h ←
→ test - driven development of ontologies ( extended version ) ; emerging ontology authoring methods to add knowledge to an ontology focus on ameliorating the validation bottleneck . the verification of the newly added axiom is still one of trying and seeing what the reasoner says , because a systematic testbed for ontology authoring is missing . we sought to address this by introducing the approach of test - driven development for ontology authoring . we specify 36 generic tests , as tbox queries and tbox axioms tested ←
→ learning binary bayesian networks in polynomial time and sample complexity ; we consider the problem of structure learning for binary bayesian networks . our approach is to recover the true parents and children for each node first and then combine the results to recover the skeleton . we do not assume any specific probability distribution for the nodes . rather , we show that if the probability distribution satisfies certain conditions then we can exactly recover the parents and children of a node by performi ←
→ acyclicity notions for existential rules and their application to query answering in ontologies ; answering conjunctive queries ( cqs ) over a set of facts extended with existential rules is a prominent problem in knowledge representation and databases . this problem can be solved using the chase algorithm , which extends the given set of facts with fresh facts in order to satisfy the rules . if the chase terminates , then cqs can be evaluated directly in the resulting set of facts . the chase , however , does not ←
→ a propound method for the improvement of cluster quality ; in this paper knockout refinement algorithm ( kra ) is proposed to refine original clusters obtained by applying som and k - means clustering algorithms . kra algorithm is based on contingency table concepts . metrics are computed for the original and refined clusters . quality of original and refined clusters are compared in terms of metrics . the proposed algorithm ( kra ) is tested in the educational domain and results show that it generates better quality ←
→ a stochastic large deformation model for computational anatomy ; in the study of shapes of human organs using computational anatomy , variations are found to arise from inter - subject anatomical differences , disease - specific effects , and measurement noise . this paper introduces a stochastic model for incorporating random variations into the large deformation diffeomorphic metric mapping ( lddmm ) framework . by accounting for randomness in a particular setup which is crafted to fit the geometrical properties of ←
→ who wins the miss contest for imputation methods ? our vote for miss boopf ; missing data is an expected issue when large amounts of data is collected , and several imputation techniques have been proposed to tackle this problem . beneath classical approaches such as mice , the application of machine learning techniques is tempting . here , the recently proposed missforest imputation method has shown high imputation accuracy under the missing ( completely ) at random scheme with various missing rates . in its core ←
→ how deals with discrete data for the reduction of simulation models using neural network ; simulation is useful for the evaluation of a master production / distribution schedule ( mps ). also , the goal of this paper is the study of the design of a simulation model by reducing its complexity . according to theory of constraints , we want to build reduced models composed exclusively by bottlenecks and a neural network . particularly a multilayer perceptron , is used . the structure of the network is determined by us ←
→ deep ehr : a survey of recent advances in deep learning techniques for electronic health record ( ehr ) analysis ; the past decade has seen an explosion in the amount of digital information stored in electronic health records ( ehr ). while primarily designed for archiving patient clinical information and administrative healthcare tasks , many researchers have found secondary use of these records for various clinical informatics tasks . over the same period , the machine learning community has seen widespread adv ←
→ learning determinantal point processes in sublinear time ; we propose a new class of determinantal point processes ( dpps ) which can be manipulated for inference and parameter learning in potentially sublinear time in the number of items . this class , based on a specific low - rank factorization of the marginal kernel , is particularly suited to a subclass of continuous dpps and dpps defined on exponentially many items . we apply this new class to modelling text documents as sampling a dpp of sentences , and propo ←
→ tensorflow : a system for large - scale machine learning ; tensorflow is a machine learning system that operates at large scale and in heterogeneous environments . tensorflow uses dataflow graphs to represent computation , shared state , and the operations that mutate that state . it maps the nodes of a dataflow graph across many machines in a cluster , and within a machine across multiple computational devices , including multicore cpus , general - purpose gpus , and custom designed asics known as tensor processing uni ←
→ effective quantization approaches for recurrent neural networks ; deep learning , and in particular recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) have shown superior accuracy in a large variety of tasks including machine translation , language understanding , and movie frame generation . however , these deep learning approaches are very expensive in terms of computation . in most cases , graphic processing units ( gpus ) are in used for large scale implementations . meanwhile , energy efficient rnn approaches are proposed for deplo ←
→ hierarchical latent word clustering ; this paper presents a new bayesian non - parametric model by extending the usage of hierarchical dirichlet allocation to extract tree structured word clusters from text data . the inference algorithm of the model collects words in a cluster if they share similar distribution over documents . in our experiments , we observed meaningful hierarchical structures on nips corpus and radiology reports collected from public repositories .←
→ a semisupervised approach for language identification based on ladder networks ; in this study we address the problem of training a neuralnetwork for language identification using both labeled and unlabeled speech samples in the form of i - vectors . we propose a neural network architecture that can also handle out - of - set languages . we utilize a modified version of the recently proposed ladder network semisupervised training procedure that optimizes the reconstruction costs of a stack of denoising autoencode ←
→ information - theoretic model identification and policy search using physics engines with application to robotic manipulation ; we consider the problem of a robot learning the mechanical properties of objects through physical interaction with the object , and introduce a practical , data - efficient approach for identifying the motion models of these objects . the proposed method utilizes a physics engine , where the robot seeks to identify the inertial and friction parameters of the object by simulating its moti ←
→ meteorological time series forecasting with pruned multi - layer perceptron and 2 - stage levenberg - marquardt method ; a multi - layer perceptron ( mlp ) defines a family of artificial neural networks often used in ts modeling and forecasting . because of its " black box " aspect , many researchers refuse to use it . moreover , the optimization ( often based on the exhaustive approach where " all " configurations are tested ) and learning phases of this artificial intelligence tool ( often based on the levenberg - marquardt a ←
→ the noisy power method : a meta algorithm with applications ; we provide a new robust convergence analysis of the well - known power method for computing the dominant singular vectors of a matrix that we call the noisy power method . our result characterizes the convergence behavior of the algorithm when a significant amount noise is introduced after each matrix - vector multiplication . the noisy power method can be seen as a meta - algorithm that has recently found a number of important applications in a broad ran ←
→ institutionally distributed deep learning networks ; deep learning has become a promising approach for automated medical diagnoses . when medical data samples are limited , collaboration among multiple institutions is necessary to achieve high algorithm performance . however , sharing patient data often has limitations due to technical , legal , or ethical concerns . in such cases , sharing a deep learning model is a more attractive alternative . the best method of performing such a task is unclear , however . in this ←
→ note on evaluation of hierarchical modular systems ; this survey note describes a brief systemic view to approaches for evaluation of hierarchical composite ( modular ) systems . the list of considered issues involves the following : ( i ) basic assessment scales ( quantitative scale , ordinal scale , multicriteria description , two kinds of poset - like scales ), ( ii ) basic types of scale transformations problems , ( iii ) basic types of scale integration methods . evaluation of the modular systems is considered as assessm ←
→ mining and exploiting domain - specific corpora in the panacea platform ; the objective of the panacea ict - 2007 . 2 . 2 eu project is to build a platform that automates the stages involved in the acquisition , production , updating and maintenance of the large language resources required by , among others , mt systems . the development of a corpus acquisition component ( cac ) for extracting monolingual and bilingual data from the web is one of the most innovative building blocks of panacea . the cac , which is the first ←
→ scale optimization for full - image - cnn vehicle detection ; many state - of - the - art general object detection methods make use of shared full - image convolutional features ( as in faster r - cnn ). this achieves a reasonable test - phase computation time while enjoys the discriminative power provided by large convolutional neural network ( cnn ) models . such designs excel on benchmarks which contain natural images but which have very unnatural distributions , i . e . they have an unnaturally high - frequency of the target clas ←
→ evidence as opinions of experts ; we describe a viewpoint on the dempster / shafer ' theory of evidence ', and provide an interpretation which regards the combination formulas as statistics of the opinions of " experts ". this is done by introducing spaces with binary operations that are simpler to interpret or simpler to implement than the standard combination formula , and showing that these spaces can be mapped homomorphically onto the dempster / shafer theory of evidence space . the experts in the space of " opini ←
→ decoupled deep neural network for semi - supervised semantic segmentation ; we propose a novel deep neural network architecture for semi - supervised semantic segmentation using heterogeneous annotations . contrary to existing approaches posing semantic segmentation as a single task of region - based classification , our algorithm decouples classification and segmentation , and learns a separate network for each task . in this architecture , labels associated with an image are identified by classification network , and ←
→ visual character recognition using artificial neural networks ; the recognition of optical characters is known to be one of the earliest applications of artificial neural networks , which partially emulate human thinking in the domain of artificial intelligence . in this paper , a simplified neural approach to recognition of optical or visual characters is portrayed and discussed . the document is expected to serve as a resource for learners and amateur investigators in pattern recognition , neural networking an ←
→ optimal bayesian transfer learning ; transfer learning has recently attracted significant research attention , as it simultaneously learns from different source domains , which have plenty of labeled data , and transfers the relevant knowledge to the target domain with limited labeled data to improve the prediction performance . we propose a bayesian transfer learning framework where the source and target domains are related through the joint prior density of the model parameters . the modeling of joint prior de ←
→ temporal convolutional networks for action segmentation and detection ; the ability to identify and temporally segment fine - grained human actions throughout a video is crucial for robotics , surveillance , education , and beyond . typical approaches decouple this problem by first extracting local spatiotemporal features from video frames and then feeding them into a temporal classifier that captures high - level temporal patterns . we introduce a new class of temporal models , which we call temporal convolutional n ←
→ iris : a conversational agent for complex tasks ; today ' s conversational agents are restricted to simple standalone commands . in this paper , we present iris , an agent that draws on human conversational strategies to combine commands , allowing it to perform more complex tasks that it has not been explicitly designed to support : for example , composing one command to " plot a histogram " with another to first " log - transform the data ". to enable this complexity , we introduce a domain specific language that transfo ←
→ learning deep representations by distributed random samplings ; in this paper , we propose an extremely simple deep model for the unsupervised nonlinear dimensionality reduction -- deep distributed random samplings , which performs like a stack of unsupervised bootstrap aggregating . first , its network structure is novel : each layer of the network is a group of mutually independent $ k $- centers clusterings . second , its learning method is extremely simple : the $ k $ centers of each clustering are only $ k $ randomly ←
→ an online algorithm for learning buyer behavior under realistic pricing restrictions ; we propose a new efficient online algorithm to learn the parameters governing the purchasing behavior of a utility maximizing buyer , who responds to prices , in a repeated interaction setting . the key feature of our algorithm is that it can learn even non - linear buyer utility while working with arbitrary price constraints that the seller may impose . this overcomes a major shortcoming of previous approaches , which use unr ←
→ automatic pavement crack detection based on structured prediction with the convolutional neural network ; automated pavement crack detection is a challenging task that has been researched for decades due to the complicated pavement conditions in real world . in this paper , a supervised method based on deep learning is proposed , which has the capability of dealing with different pavement conditions . specifically , a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is used to learn the structure of the cracks from raw imag ←
→ lower bounds over boolean inputs for deep neural networks with relu gates ; motivated by the resurgence of neural networks in being able to solve complex learning tasks we undertake a study of high depth networks using relu gates which implement the function $ x \ mapsto \ max \{ 0 , x \}$. we try to understand the role of depth in such neural networks by showing size lowerbounds against such network architectures in parameter regimes hitherto unexplored . in particular we show the following two main results about ←
→ quotus : the structure of political media coverage as revealed by quoting patterns ; given the extremely large pool of events and stories available , media outlets need to focus on a subset of issues and aspects to convey to their audience . outlets are often accused of exhibiting a systematic bias in this selection process , with different outlets portraying different versions of reality . however , in the absence of objective measures and empirical evidence , the direction and extent of systematicity remains w ←
→ visual saliency estimation by integrating features using multiple kernel learning ; in the last few decades , significant achievements have been attained in predicting where humans look at images through different computational models . however , how to determine contributions of different visual features to overall saliency still remains an open problem . to overcome this issue , a recent class of models formulates saliency estimation as a supervised learning problem and accordingly apply machine learning tec ←
→ experimenting with innate immunity ; in a previous paper the authors argued the case for incorporating ideas from innate immunity into artificial immune systems ( aiss ) and presented an outline for a conceptual framework for such systems . a number of key general properties observed in the biological innate and adaptive immune systems were highlighted , and how such properties might be instantiated in artificial systems was discussed in detail . the next logical step is to take these ideas and build a software ←
→ kert : automatic extraction and ranking of topical keyphrases from content - representative document titles ; we introduce kert ( keyphrase extraction and ranking by topic ), a framework for topical keyphrase generation and ranking . by shifting from the unigram - centric traditional methods of unsupervised keyphrase extraction to a phrase - centric approach , we are able to directly compare and rank phrases of different lengths . we construct a topical keyphrase ranking function which implements the four criteria th ←
→ separate training for conditional random fields using co - occurrence rate factorization ; the standard training method of conditional random fields ( crfs ) is very slow for large - scale applications . as an alternative , piecewise training divides the full graph into pieces , trains them independently , and combines the learned weights at test time . in this paper , we present \ emph { separate } training for undirected models based on the novel co - occurrence rate factorization ( cr - f ). separate training is a local tra ←
→ causal inference on discrete data via estimating distance correlations ; in this paper , we deal with the problem of inferring causal directions when the data is on discrete domain . by considering the distribution of the cause $ p ( x )$ and the conditional distribution mapping cause to effect $ p ( y | x )$ as independent random variables , we propose to infer the causal direction via comparing the distance correlation between $ p ( x )$ and $ p ( y | x )$ with the distance correlation between $ p ( y )$ and $ p ( x | y )$. we infer "$ x $←
→ beyond semantic image segmentation : exploring efficient inference in video ; we explore the efficiency of the crf inference module beyond image level semantic segmentation . the key idea is to combine the best of two worlds of semantic co - labeling and exploiting more expressive models . similar to [ alvarez14 ] our formulation enables us perform inference over ten thousand images within seconds . on the other hand , it can handle higher - order clique potentials similar to [ vineet2014 ] in terms of region - level l ←
→ classification regions of deep neural networks ; the goal of this paper is to analyze the geometric properties of deep neural network classifiers in the input space . we specifically study the topology of classification regions created by deep networks , as well as their associated decision boundary . through a systematic empirical investigation , we show that state - of - the - art deep nets learn connected classification regions , and that the decision boundary in the vicinity of datapoints is flat along most direct ←
→ online learning of commission avoidant portfolio ensembles ; we present a novel online ensemble learning strategy for portfolio selection . the new strategy controls and exploits any set of commission - oblivious portfolio selection algorithms . the strategy handles transaction costs using a novel commission avoidance mechanism . we prove a logarithmic regret bound for our strategy with respect to optimal mixtures of the base algorithms . numerical examples validate the viability of our method and show significan ←
→ human pose estimation using deep consensus voting ; in this paper we consider the problem of human pose estimation from a single still image . we propose a novel approach where each location in the image votes for the position of each keypoint using a convolutional neural net . the voting scheme allows us to utilize information from the whole image , rather than rely on a sparse set of keypoint locations . using dense , multi - target votes , not only produces good keypoint predictions , but also enables us to compu ←
→ a nonlinear dimensionality reduction framework using smooth geodesics ; existing dimensionality reduction methods are adept at revealing hidden underlying manifolds arising from high - dimensional data and thereby producing a low - dimensional representation . however , the smoothness of the manifolds produced by classic techniques in the presence of noise is not guaranteed . in fact , the embedding generated using such non - smooth , noisy measurements may distort the geometry of the manifold and thereby produce an u ←
→ anomaly detection in clutter using spectrally enhanced ladar ; discrete return ( dr ) laser detection and ranging ( ladar ) systems provide a series of echoes that reflect from objects in a scene . these can be first , last or multi - echo returns . in contrast , full - waveform ( fw )- ladar systems measure the intensity of light reflected from objects continuously over a period of time . in a camouflaged scenario , e . g ., objects hidden behind dense foliage , a fw - ladar penetrates such foliage and returns a sequence of echo ←
→ weakly - and semi - supervised object detection with expectation - maximization algorithm ; object detection when provided image - level labels instead of instance - level labels ( i . e ., bounding boxes ) during training is an important problem in computer vision , since large scale image datasets with instance - level labels are extremely costly to obtain . in this paper , we address this challenging problem by developing an expectation - maximization ( em ) based object detection method using deep convolutional neural netwo ←
→ finding temporally consistent occlusion boundaries in videos using geometric context ; we present an algorithm for finding temporally consistent occlusion boundaries in videos to support segmentation of dynamic scenes . we learn occlusion boundaries in a pairwise markov random field ( mrf ) framework . we first estimate the probability of an spatio - temporal edge being an occlusion boundary by using appearance , flow , and geometric features . next , we enforce occlusion boundary continuity in a mrf model by learn ←
→ resilience : a criterion for learning in the presence of arbitrary outliers ; we introduce a criterion , resilience , which allows properties of a dataset ( such as its mean or best low rank approximation ) to be robustly computed , even in the presence of a large fraction of arbitrary additional data . resilience is a weaker condition than most other properties considered so far in the literature , and yet enables robust estimation in a broader variety of settings . we provide new information - theoretic results on ←
→ in search of inliers : 3d correspondence by local and global voting ; we present a method for finding correspondence between 3d models . from an initial set of feature correspondences , our method uses a fast voting scheme to separate the inliers from the outliers . the novelty of our method lies in the use of a combination of local and global constraints to determine if a vote should be cast . on a local scale , we use simple , low - level geometric invariants . on a global scale , we apply covariant constraints for ←
→ learning mixtures of discrete product distributions using spectral decompositions ; we study the problem of learning a distribution from samples , when the underlying distribution is a mixture of product distributions over discrete domains . this problem is motivated by several practical applications such as crowd - sourcing , recommendation systems , and learning boolean functions . the existing solutions either heavily rely on the fact that the number of components in the mixtures is finite or have sample / time ←
→ measure selection : notions of rationality and representation independence ; we take another look at the general problem of selecting a preferred probability measure among those that comply with some given constraints . the dominant role that entropy maximization has obtained in this context is questioned by arguing that the minimum information principle on which it is based could be supplanted by an at least as plausible " likelihood of evidence " principle . we then review a method for turning given selectio ←
→ virtual worlds as proxy for multi - object tracking analysis ; modern computer vision algorithms typically require expensive data acquisition and accurate manual labeling . in this work , we instead leverage the recent progress in computer graphics to generate fully labeled , dynamic , and photo - realistic proxy virtual worlds . we propose an efficient real - to - virtual world cloning method , and validate our approach by building and publicly releasing a new video dataset , called virtual kitti ( see http :// www . xrce . xer ←
→ deep component analysis via alternating direction neural networks ; despite a lack of theoretical understanding , deep neural networks have achieved unparalleled performance in a wide range of applications . on the other hand , shallow representation learning with component analysis is associated with rich intuition and theory , but smaller capacity often limits its usefulness . to bridge this gap , we introduce deep component analysis ( deepca ), an expressive multilayer model formulation that enforces hierarchica ←
→ balancing appearance and context in sketch interpretation ; we describe a sketch interpretation system that detects and classifies clock numerals created by subjects taking the clock drawing test , a clinical tool widely used to screen for cognitive impairments ( e . g ., dementia ). we describe how it balances appearance and context , and document its performance on some 2 , 000 drawings ( about 24k clock numerals ) produced by a wide spectrum of patients . we calibrate the utility of different forms of context , descr ←
→ hierarchical symbolic dynamic filtering of streaming non - stationary time series data ; this paper proposes a hierarchical feature extractor for non - stationary streaming time series based on the concept of switching observable markov chain models . the slow time - scale non - stationary behaviors are considered to be a mixture of quasi - stationary fast time - scale segments that are exhibited by complex dynamical systems . the idea is to model each unique stationary characteristic without a priori knowledge ( e . g ., ←
→ an improved approach to attribute reduction with covering rough sets ; attribute reduction is viewed as an important preprocessing step for pattern recognition and data mining . most of researches are focused on attribute reduction by using rough sets . recently , tsang et al . discussed attribute reduction with covering rough sets in the paper [ e . c . c . tsang , d . chen , daniel s . yeung , approximations and reducts with covering generalized rough sets , computers and mathematics with applications 56 ( 2008 ) 279 - 289 ]←
→ neural machine translation with source - side latent graph parsing ; this paper presents a novel neural machine translation model which jointly learns translation and source - side latent graph representations of sentences . unlike existing pipelined approaches using syntactic parsers , our end - to - end model learns a latent graph parser as part of the encoder of an attention - based neural machine translation model , and thus the parser is optimized according to the translation objective . in experiments , we first sho ←
→ the burchak corpus : a challenge data set for interactive learning of visually grounded word meanings ; we motivate and describe a new freely available human - human dialogue dataset for interactive learning of visually grounded word meanings through ostensive definition by a tutor to a learner . the data has been collected using a novel , character - by - character variant of the diet chat tool ( healey et al ., 2003 ; mills and healey , submitted ) with a novel task , where a learner needs to learn invented visual att ←
→ robust maximization of non - submodular objectives ; we study the problem of maximizing a monotone set function subject to a cardinality constraint $ k $ in the setting where some number of elements $\ tau $ is deleted from the returned set . the focus of this work is on the worst - case adversarial setting . while there exist constant - factor guarantees when the function is submodular , there are no guarantees for non - submodular objectives . in this work , we present a new algorithm oblivious - greedy and prove the first ←
→ turnover prediction of shares using data mining techniques : a case study ; predicting the turnover of a company in the ever fluctuating stock market has always proved to be a precarious situation and most certainly a difficult task in hand . data mining is a well - known sphere of computer science that aims on extracting meaningful information from large databases . however , despite the existence of many algorithms for the purpose of predicting the future trends , their efficiency is questionable as their pre ←
→ the evaluation of causal effects in studies with an unobserved exposure / outcome variable : bounds and identification ; this paper deals with the problem of evaluating the causal effect using observational data in the presence of an unobserved exposure / outcome variable , when cause - effect relationships between variables can be described as a directed acyclic graph and the corresponding recursive factorization of a joint distribution . first , we propose identifiability criteria for causal effects when an unob ←
→ multi - type activity recognition in robot - centric scenarios ; activity recognition is very useful in scenarios where robots interact with , monitor or assist humans . in the past years many types of activities -- single actions , two persons interactions or ego - centric activities , to name a few -- have been analyzed . whereas traditional methods treat such types of activities separately , an autonomous robot should be able to detect and recognize multiple types of activities to effectively fulfill its tasks . we p ←
→ machine learning sentiment prediction based on hybrid document representation ; automated sentiment analysis and opinion mining is a complex process concerning the extraction of useful subjective information from text . the explosion of user generated content on the web , especially the fact that millions of users , on a daily basis , express their opinions on products and services to blogs , wikis , social networks , message boards , etc ., render the reliable , automated export of sentiments and opinions from uns ←
→ deep domain confusion : maximizing for domain invariance ; recent reports suggest that a generic supervised deep cnn model trained on a large - scale dataset reduces , but does not remove , dataset bias on a standard benchmark . fine - tuning deep models in a new domain can require a significant amount of data , which for many applications is simply not available . we propose a new cnn architecture which introduces an adaptation layer and an additional domain confusion loss , to learn a representation that is both sem ←
→ reduplicated mwe ( rmwe ) helps in improving the crf based manipuri pos tagger ; this paper gives a detail overview about the modified features selection in crf ( conditional random field ) based manipuri pos ( part of speech ) tagging . selection of features is so important in crf that the better are the features then the better are the outputs . this work is an attempt or an experiment to make the previous work more efficient . multiple new features are tried to run the crf and again tried with the reduplicated ←
→ model - agnostic private learning via stability ; we design differentially private learning algorithms that are agnostic to the learning model . our algorithms are interactive in nature , i . e ., instead of outputting a model based on the training data , they provide predictions for a set of $ m $ feature vectors that arrive online . we show that , for the feature vectors on which an ensemble of models ( trained on random disjoint subsets of a dataset ) makes consistent predictions , there is almost no - cost of privacy in ←
→ a simulated annealing approach to bayesian inference ; a generic algorithm for the extraction of probabilistic ( bayesian ) information about model parameters from data is presented . the algorithm propagates an ensemble of particles in the product space of model parameters and outputs . each particle update consists of a random jump in parameter space followed by a simulation of a model output and a metropolis acceptance / rejection step based on a comparison of the simulated output to the data . the distance of ←
→ is epicurus the father of reinforcement learning ? ; the epicurean philosophy is commonly thought as simplistic and hedonistic . here i discuss how this is a misconception and explore its link to reinforcement learning . based on the letters of epicurus , i construct an objective function for hedonism which turns out to be equivalent of the reinforcement learning objective function when omitting the discount factor . i then discuss how plato and aristotle ' s views that can be also loosely linked to reinforcement ←
→ a self - portrait of young leonardo ; one of the most famous drawings by leonardo da vinci is a self - portrait in red chalk , where he looks quite old . in fact , there is a sketch in one of his notebooks , partially covered by written notes , that can be a self - portrait of the artist when he was young . the use of image processing , to remove the handwritten text and improve the image , allows a comparison of the two portraits .←
→ embedding label structures for fine - grained feature representation ; recent algorithms in convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) considerably advance the fine - grained image classification , which aims to differentiate subtle differences among subordinate classes . however , previous studies have rarely focused on learning a fined - grained and structured feature representation that is able to locate similar images at different levels of relevance , e . g ., discovering cars from the same make or the same model , both of ←
→ responses to critiques on machine learning of criminality perceptions ( addendum of arxiv : 1611 . 04135 ) ; in november 2016 we submitted to arxiv our paper " automated inference on criminality using face images ". it generated a great deal of discussions in the internet and some media outlets . our work is only intended for pure academic discussions ; how it has become a media consumption is a total surprise to us . although in agreement with our critics on the need and importance of policing ai research for the g ←
→ a framework for comparing groups of documents ; we present a general framework for comparing multiple groups of documents . a bipartite graph model is proposed where document groups are represented as one node set and the comparison criteria are represented as the other node set . using this model , we present basic algorithms to extract insights into similarities and differences among the document groups . finally , we demonstrate the versatility of our framework through an analysis of nsf funding programs for ←
→ a semantic matching energy function for learning with multi - relational data ; large - scale relational learning becomes crucial for handling the huge amounts of structured data generated daily in many application domains ranging from computational biology or information retrieval , to natural language processing . in this paper , we present a new neural network architecture designed to embed multi - relational graphs into a flexible continuous vector space in which the original data is kept and enhanced . the net ←
→ automated classification of airborne laser scanning point clouds ; making sense of the physical world has always been at the core of mapping . up until recently , this has always dependent on using the human eye . using airborne lasers , it has become possible to quickly " see " more of the world in many more dimensions . the resulting enormous point clouds serve as data sources for applications far beyond the original mapping purposes ranging from flooding protection and forestry to threat mitigation . in order to ←
→ the approximation of the dissimilarity projection ; diffusion magnetic resonance imaging ( dmri ) data allow to reconstruct the 3d pathways of axons within the white matter of the brain as a tractography . the analysis of tractographies has drawn attention from the machine learning and pattern recognition communities providing novel challenges such as finding an appropriate representation space for the data . many of the current learning algorithms require the input to be from a vectorial space . this requiremen ←
→ tighter variational bounds are not necessarily better ; we provide theoretical and empirical evidence that using tighter evidence lower bounds ( elbos ) can be detrimental to the process of learning an inference network by reducing the signal - to - noise ratio of the gradient estimator . our results call into question common implicit assumptions that tighter elbos are better variational objectives for simultaneous model learning and inference amortization schemes . based on our insights , we introduce three new alg ←
→ vector space model as cognitive space for text classification ; in this era of digitization , knowing the user ' s sociolect aspects have become essential features to build the user specific recommendation systems . these sociolect aspects could be found by mining the user ' s language sharing in the form of text in social media and reviews . this paper describes about the experiment that was performed in pan author profiling 2017 shared task . the objective of the task is to find the sociolect aspects of the users ←
→ pose induction for novel object categories ; we address the task of predicting pose for objects of unannotated object categories from a small seed set of annotated object classes . we present a generalized classifier that can reliably induce pose given a single instance of a novel category . in case of availability of a large collection of novel instances , our approach then jointly reasons over all instances to improve the initial estimates . we empirically validate the various components of our algorithm and ←
→ an improvement to k - nearest neighbor classifier ; k - nearest neighbor classifier ( k - nnc ) is simple to use and has little design time like finding k values in k - nearest neighbor classifier , hence these are suitable to work with dynamically varying data - sets . there exists some fundamental improvements over the basic k - nnc , like weighted k - nearest neighbors classifier ( where weights to nearest neighbors are given based on linear interpolation ), using artificially generated training set called bootstrapped train ←
→ beyond frontal faces : improving person recognition using multiple cues ; we explore the task of recognizing peoples ' identities in photo albums in an unconstrained setting . to facilitate this , we introduce the new people in photo albums ( pipa ) dataset , consisting of over 60000 instances of 2000 individuals collected from public flickr photo albums . with only about half of the person images containing a frontal face , the recognition task is very challenging due to the large variations in pose , clothing , came ←
→ a wavelet frame coefficient total variational model for image restoration ; in this paper , we propose a vector total variation ( vtv ) of feature image model for image restoration . the vtv imposes different smoothing powers on different features ( e . g . edges and cartoons ) based on choosing various regularization parameters . thus , the model can simultaneously preserve edges and remove noises . next , the existence of solution for the model is proved and the split bregman algorithm is used to solve the model . at ←
→ hybrid medical image classification using association rule mining with decision tree algorithm ; the main focus of image mining in the proposed method is concerned with the classification of brain tumor in the ct scan brain images . the major steps involved in the system are : pre - processing , feature extraction , association rule mining and hybrid classifier . the pre - processing step has been done using the median filtering process and edge features have been extracted using canny edge detection technique . th ←
→ a tight excess risk bound via a unified pac - bayesian - rademacher - shtarkov - mdl complexity ; we present a novel notion of complexity that interpolates between and generalizes some classic existing complexity notions in learning theory : for estimators like empirical risk minimization ( erm ) with arbitrary bounded losses , it is upper bounded in terms of data - independent rademacher complexity ; for generalized bayesian estimators , it is upper bounded by the data - dependent information complexity ( also known as sto ←
→ optimization with sparsity - inducing penalties ; sparse estimation methods are aimed at using or obtaining parsimonious representations of data or models . they were first dedicated to linear variable selection but numerous extensions have now emerged such as structured sparsity or kernel selection . it turns out that many of the related estimation problems can be cast as convex optimization problems by regularizing the empirical risk with appropriate non - smooth norms . the goal of this paper is to present from ←
→ single image super resolution in spatial and wavelet domain ; recently single image super resolution is very important research area to generate high resolution image from given low resolution image . algorithms of single image resolution are mainly based on wavelet domain and spatial domain . filters support to model the regularity of natural images is exploited in wavelet domain while edges of images get sharp during up sampling in spatial domain . here single image super resolution algorithm is presented wh ←
→ comparison of multiple features and modeling methods for text - dependent speaker verification ; text - dependent speaker verification is becoming popular in the speaker recognition society . however , the conventional i - vector framework which has been successful for speaker identification and other similar tasks works relatively poorly in this task . researchers have proposed several new methods to improve performance , but it is still unclear that which model is the best choice , especially when the pass - phrases ←
→ generalized categorization axioms ; categorization axioms have been proposed to axiomatizing clustering results , which offers a hint of bridging the difference between human recognition system and machine learning through an intuitive observation : an object should be assigned to its most similar category . however , categorization axioms cannot be generalized into a general machine learning system as categorization axioms become trivial when the number of categories becomes one . in order to generalize categor ←
→ sensor deployment for air pollution monitoring using public transportation system ; air pollution monitoring is a very popular research topic and many monitoring systems have been developed . in this paper , we formulate the bus sensor deployment problem ( bsdp ) to select the bus routes on which sensors are deployed , and we use chemical reaction optimization ( cro ) to solve bsdp . cro is a recently proposed metaheuristic designed to solve a wide range of optimization problems . using the real world data , namely ←
→ a case study in complexity estimation : towards parallel branch - and - bound over graphical models ; we study the problem of complexity estimation in the context of parallelizing an advanced branch and bound - type algorithm over graphical models . the algorithm ' s pruning power makes load balancing , one crucial element of every distributed system , very challenging . we propose using a statistical regression model to identify and tackle disproportionally complex parallel subproblems , the cause of load imbalance , a ←
→ multimodal convolutional neural networks for matching image and sentence ; in this paper , we propose multimodal convolutional neural networks ( m - cnns ) for matching image and sentence . our m - cnn provides an end - to - end framework with convolutional architectures to exploit image representation , word composition , and the matching relations between the two modalities . more specifically , it consists of one image cnn encoding the image content , and one matching cnn learning the joint representation of image and se ←
→ affect - lm : a neural language model for customizable affective text generation ; human verbal communication includes affective messages which are conveyed through use of emotionally colored words . there has been a lot of research in this direction but the problem of integrating state - of - the - art neural language models with affective information remains an area ripe for exploration . in this paper , we propose an extension to an lstm ( long short - term memory ) language model for generating conversational text , c ←
→ subset selection for multiple linear regression via optimization ; subset selection in multiple linear regression is to choose a subset of candidate explanatory variables that tradeoff error and the number of variables selected . we built mathematical programming models for subset selection and compare the performance of an lp - based branch - and - bound algorithm with tailored valid inequalities to known heuristics . we found that our models quickly find a quality solution while the rest of the time is spent to p ←
→ the interaction of memory and attention in novel word generalization : a computational investigation ; people exhibit a tendency to generalize a novel noun to the basic - level in a hierarchical taxonomy -- a cognitively salient category such as " dog " -- with the degree of generalization depending on the number and type of exemplars . recently , a change in the presentation timing of exemplars has also been shown to have an effect , surprisingly reversing the prior observed pattern of basic - level generalization ←
→ analysis of multi - scale fractal dimension to classify human motion ; in recent years there has been considerable interest in human action recognition . several approaches have been developed in order to enhance the automatic video analysis . although some developments have been achieved by the computer vision community , the properly classification of human motion is still a hard and challenging task . the objective of this study is to investigate the use of 3d multi - scale fractal dimension to recognize motion ←
→ efficient convolutional neural network for audio event detection ; wireless distributed systems as used in sensor networks , internet - of - things and cyber - physical systems , impose high requirements on resource efficiency . advanced preprocessing and classification of data at the network edge can help to decrease the communication demand and to reduce the amount of data to be processed centrally . in the area of distributed acoustic sensing , the combination of algorithms with a high classification rate and resou ←
→ on the partition function and random maximum a - posteriori perturbations ; in this paper we relate the partition function to the max - statistics of random variables . in particular , we provide a novel framework for approximating and bounding the partition function using map inference on randomly perturbed models . as a result , we can use efficient map solvers such as graph - cuts to evaluate the corresponding partition function . we show that our method excels in the typical " high signal - high coupling " regime th ←
→ decision - theoretic troubleshooting : hardness of approximation ; decision - theoretic troubleshooting is one of the areas to which bayesian networks can be applied . given a probabilistic model of a malfunctioning man - made device , the task is to construct a repair strategy with minimal expected cost . the problem has received considerable attention over the past two decades . efficient solution algorithms have been found for simple cases , whereas other variants have been proven np - complete . we study several varia ←
→ stochastic activation pruning for robust adversarial defense ; neural networks are known to be vulnerable to adversarial examples . carefully chosen perturbations to real images , while imperceptible to humans , induce misclassification and threaten the reliability of deep learning systems in the wild . to guard against adversarial examples , we take inspiration from game theory and cast the problem as a minimax zero - sum game between the adversary and the model . in general , for such games , the optimal strategy f ←
→ subsumptive reflection in snomed ct : a large description logic - based terminology for diagnosis ; description logic ( dl ) based biomedical terminology ( snomed ct ) is used routinely in medical practice . however , diagnostic inference using such terminology is precluded by its complexity . here we propose a model that simplifies these inferential components . we propose three concepts that classify clinical features and examined their effect on inference using snomed ct . we used pairs ( physician assistant artifi ←
→ different operating systems compatible for image prepress process in color management : analysis and performance testing ; image computing has become a real catchphrase over the past few years and the interpretations of the meaning of the term vary greatly . the imagecomputing market is currently rapidly evolving with high growth prospects and almost daily announcements of new devices and application platforms , which results in an increasing diversification of devices , operating system and development platf ←
→ exploring twitter hashtags ; twitter messages often contain so - called hashtags to denote keywords related to them . using a dataset of 29 million messages , i explore relations among these hashtags with respect to co - occurrences . furthermore , i present an attempt to classify hashtags into five intuitive classes , using a machine - learning approach . the overall outcome is an interactive web application to explore twitter hashtags .←
→ influence of the learning method in the performance of feedforward neural networks when the activity of neurons is modified ; a method that allows us to give a different treatment to any neuron inside feedforward neural networks is presented . the algorithm has been implemented with two very different learning methods : a standard back - propagation ( bp ) procedure and an evolutionary algorithm . first , we have demonstrated that the ea training method converges faster and gives more accurate results than bp . th ←
→ unsupervised clustering under the union of polyhedral cones ( uopc ) model ; in this paper , we consider clustering data that is assumed to come from one of finitely many pointed convex polyhedral cones . this model is referred to as the union of polyhedral cones ( uopc ) model . similar to the union of subspaces ( uos ) model where each data from each subspace is generated from a ( unknown ) basis , in the uopc model each data from each cone is assumed to be generated from a finite number of ( unknown ) \ emph { extreme ra ←
→ noise benefits in expectation - maximization algorithms ; this dissertation shows that careful injection of noise into sample data can substantially speed up expectation - maximization algorithms . expectation - maximization algorithms are a class of iterative algorithms for extracting maximum likelihood estimates from corrupted or incomplete data . the convergence speed - up is an example of a noise benefit or " stochastic resonance " in statistical signal processing . the dissertation presents derivations of sufficien ←
→ acquisition of visual features through probabilistic spike - timing - dependent plasticity ; the final version of this paper has been published in ieeexplore available at http :// ieeexplore . ieee . org / document / 7727213 . please cite this paper as : amirhossein tavanaei , timothee masquelier , and anthony maida , acquisition of visual features through probabilistic spike - timing - dependent plasticity . ieee international joint conference on neural networks . pp . 307 - 314 , ijcnn 2016 . this paper explores modifications to a ←
→ exploration of the scalability of locfaults ; a model checker can produce a trace of counterexample , for an erroneous program , which is often long and difficult to understand . in general , the part about the loops is the largest among the instructions in this trace . this makes the location of errors in loops critical , to analyze errors in the overall program . in this paper , we explore the scalability capabilities of locfaults , our error localization approach exploiting paths of cfg ( control flow graph ) from a ←
→ belief propagation for linear programming ; belief propagation ( bp ) is a popular , distributed heuristic for performing map computations in graphical models . bp can be interpreted , from a variational perspective , as minimizing the bethe free energy ( bfe ). bp can also be used to solve a special class of linear programming ( lp ) problems . for this class of problems , map inference can be stated as an integer lp with an lp relaxation that coincides with minimization of the bfe at `` zero temperature ". we generaliz ←
→ deep belief networks used on high resolution multichannel electroencephalography data for seizure detection ; ubiquitous bio - sensing for personalized health monitoring is slowly becoming a reality with the increasing availability of small , diverse , robust , high fidelity sensors . this oncoming flood of data begs the question of how we will extract useful information from it . in this paper we explore the use of a variety of representations and machine learning algorithms applied to the task of seizure detec ←
→ experimental comparison of representation methods and distance measures for time series data ; the previous decade has brought a remarkable increase of the interest in applications that deal with querying and mining of time series data . many of the research efforts in this context have focused on introducing new representation methods for dimensionality reduction or novel similarity measures for the underlying data . in the vast majority of cases , each individual work introducing a particular method has ma ←
→ look , listen and learn ; we consider the question : what can be learnt by looking at and listening to a large number of unlabelled videos ? there is a valuable , but so far untapped , source of information contained in the video itself -- the correspondence between the visual and the audio streams , and we introduce a novel " audio - visual correspondence " learning task that makes use of this . training visual and audio networks from scratch , without any additional supervision other than the raw unconstrained videos ←
→ application of fuzzy system in segmentation of mri brain tumor ; segmentation of images holds an important position in the area of image processing . it becomes more important whi le typically dealing with medical images where presurgery and post surgery decisions are required for the purpose of initiating and speeding up the recovery process . segmentation of 3 - d tumor structures from magnetic resonance images ( mri ) is a very challenging problem due to the variability of tumor geometry and intensity patterns ←
→ the rational and computational scope of probabilistic rule - based expert systems ; belief updating schemes in artificial intelligence may be viewed as three dimensional languages , consisting of a syntax ( e . g . probabilities or certainty factors ), a calculus ( e . g . bayesian or cf combination rules ), and a semantics ( i . e . cognitive interpretations of competing formalisms ). this paper studies the rational scope of those languages on the syntax and calculus grounds . in particular , the paper presents an endomorph ←
→ modifying optimal sat - based approach to multi - agent path - finding problem to suboptimal variants ; in multi - agent path finding ( mapf ) the task is to find non - conflicting paths for multiple agents . in this paper we focus on finding suboptimal solutions for mapf for the sum - of - costs variant . recently , a sat - based approached was developed to solve this problem and proved beneficial in many cases when compared to other search - based solvers . in this paper , we present sat - based unbounded - and bounded - suboptimal ←
→ text - guided attention model for image captioning ; visual attention plays an important role to understand images and demonstrates its effectiveness in generating natural language descriptions of images . on the other hand , recent studies show that language associated with an image can steer visual attention in the scene during our cognitive process . inspired by this , we introduce a text - guided attention model for image captioning , which learns to drive visual attention using associated captions . for this mod ←
→ interponet , a brain inspired neural network for optical flow dense interpolation ; sparse - to - dense interpolation for optical flow is a fundamental phase in the pipeline of most of the leading optical flow estimation algorithms . the current state - of - the - art method for interpolation , epicflow , is a local average method based on an edge aware geodesic distance . we propose a new data - driven sparse - to - dense interpolation algorithm based on a fully convolutional network . we draw inspiration from the filling - in ←
→ conservative contextual linear bandits ; safety is a desirable property that can immensely increase the applicability of learning algorithms in real - world decision - making problems . it is much easier for a company to deploy an algorithm that is safe , i . e ., guaranteed to perform at least as well as a baseline . in this paper , we study the issue of safety in contextual linear bandits that have application in many different fields including personalized ad recommendation in online marketing . we formulate a notio ←
→ sequential local learning for latent graphical models ; learning parameters of latent graphical models ( gm ) is inherently much harder than that of no - latent ones since the latent variables make the corresponding log - likelihood non - concave . nevertheless , expectation - maximization schemes are popularly used in practice , but they are typically stuck in local optima . in the recent years , the method of moments have provided a refreshing angle for resolving the non - convex issue , but it is applicable to a quite lim ←
→ should robots be obedient ? ; intuitively , obedience -- following the order that a human gives -- seems like a good property for a robot to have . but , we humans are not perfect and we may give orders that are not best aligned to our preferences . we show that when a human is not perfectly rational then a robot that tries to infer and act according to the human ' s underlying preferences can always perform better than a robot that simply follows the human ' s literal order . thus , there is a tradeoff between the ob ←
→ variational inference for gaussian process with panel count data ; we present the first framework for gaussian - process - modulated poisson processes when the temporal data appear in the form of panel counts . panel count data frequently arise when experimental subjects are observed only at discrete time points and only the numbers of occurrences of the events between subsequent observation times are available . the exact occurrence timestamps of the events are unknown . the method of conducting the efficient var ←
→ face detection using improved faster rcnn ; faster rcnn has achieved great success for generic object detection including pascal object detection and ms coco object detection . in this report , we propose a detailed designed faster rcnn method named fdnet1 . 0 for face detection . several techniques were employed including multi - scale training , multi - scale testing , light - designed rcnn , some tricks for inference and a vote - based ensemble method . our method achieves two 1th places and one 2nd place in three tasks ←
→ introduction to intelligent computing unit 1 ; this brief note highlights some basic concepts required toward understanding the evolution of machine learning and deep learning models . the note starts with an overview of artificial intelligence and its relationship to biological neuron that ultimately led to the evolution of todays intelligent models .←
→ estimation of scale functions to model heteroscedasticity by support vector machines ; a main goal of regression is to derive statistical conclusions on the conditional distribution of the output variable y given the input values x . two of the most important characteristics of a single distribution are location and scale . support vector machines ( svms ) are well established to estimate location functions like the conditional median or the conditional mean . we investigate the estimation of scale functions b ←
→ obtaining membership functions from a neuron fuzzy system extended by kohonen network ; this article presents the neo - fuzzy - neuron modified by kohonen network ( nfn - mk ), an hybrid computational model that combines fuzzy system technique and artificial neural networks . its main task consists in the automatic generation of membership functions , in particular , triangle forms , aiming a dynamic modeling of a system . the model is tested by simulating real systems , here represented by a nonlinear mathematical fun ←
→ density - difference estimation ; we address the problem of estimating the difference between two probability densities . a naive approach is a two - step procedure of first estimating two densities separately and then computing their difference . however , such a two - step procedure does not necessarily work well because the first step is performed without regard to the second step and thus a small error incurred in the first stage can cause a big error in the second stage . in this paper , we propose a single - shot ←
→ gradient magnitude similarity deviation : a highly efficient perceptual image quality index ; it is an important task to faithfully evaluate the perceptual quality of output images in many applications such as image compression , image restoration and multimedia streaming . a good image quality assessment ( iqa ) model should not only deliver high quality prediction accuracy but also be computationally efficient . the efficiency of iqa metrics is becoming particularly important due to the increasing proliferati ←
→ solving the g - problems in less than 500 iterations : improved efficient constrained optimization by surrogate modeling and adaptive parameter control ; constrained optimization of high - dimensional numerical problems plays an important role in many scientific and industrial applications . function evaluations in many industrial applications are severely limited and no analytical information about objective function and constraint functions is available . for such expensive black - box optimization tasks , the co ←
→ soft - to - hard vector quantization for end - to - end learning compressible representations ; we present a new approach to learn compressible representations in deep architectures with an end - to - end training strategy . our method is based on a soft ( continuous ) relaxation of quantization and entropy , which we anneal to their discrete counterparts throughout training . we showcase this method for two challenging applications : image compression and neural network compression . while these tasks have typically been a ←
→ towards speech - to - text translation without speech recognition ; we explore the problem of translating speech to text in low - resource scenarios where neither automatic speech recognition ( asr ) nor machine translation ( mt ) are available , but we have training data in the form of audio paired with text translations . we present the first system for this problem applied to a realistic multi - speaker dataset , the callhome spanish - english speech translation corpus . our approach uses unsupervised term discovery ( utd )←
→ learning robust hash codes for multiple instance image retrieval ; in this paper , for the first time , we introduce a multiple instance ( mi ) deep hashing technique for learning discriminative hash codes with weak bag - level supervision suited for large - scale retrieval . we learn such hash codes by aggregating deeply learnt hierarchical representations across bag members through a dedicated mi pool layer . for better trainability and retrieval quality , we propose a two - pronged approach that includes robust optim ←
→ pose2instance : harnessing keypoints for person instance segmentation ; human keypoints are a well - studied representation of people . we explore how to use keypoint models to improve instance - level person segmentation . the main idea is to harness the notion of a distance transform of oracle provided keypoints or estimated keypoint heatmaps as a prior for person instance segmentation task within a deep neural network . for training and evaluation , we consider all those images from coco where both instance segmen ←
→ new analysis and algorithm for learning with drifting distributions ; we present a new analysis of the problem of learning with drifting distributions in the batch setting using the notion of discrepancy . we prove learning bounds based on the rademacher complexity of the hypothesis set and the discrepancy of distributions both for a drifting pac scenario and a tracking scenario . our bounds are always tighter and in some cases substantially improve upon previous ones based on the $ l_1 $ distance . we also pres ←
→ expressiveness of logic programs under general stable model semantics ; the stable model semantics had been recently generalized to non - herbrand structures by several works , which provides a unified framework and solid logical foundations for answer set programming . this paper focuses on the expressiveness of normal and disjunctive programs under the general stable model semantics . a translation from disjunctive programs to normal programs is proposed for infinite structures . over finite structures , some di ←
→ ds - mlr : exploiting double separability for scaling up distributed multinomial logistic regression ; scaling multinomial logistic regression to datasets with very large number of data points and classes has not been trivial . this is primarily because one needs to compute the log - partition function on every data point . this makes distributing the computation hard . in this paper , we present a distributed stochastic gradient descent based optimization method ( ds - mlr ) for scaling up multinomial logistic regres ←
→ feasibility of random basis function approximators for modeling and control ; we discuss the role of random basis function approximators in modeling and control . we analyze the published work on random basis function approximators and demonstrate that their favorable error rate of convergence o ( 1 / n ) is guaranteed only with very substantial computational resources . we also discuss implications of our analysis for applications of neural networks in modeling and control .←
→ structure regularized neural network for entity relation classification for chinese literature text ; relation classification is an important semantic processing task in the field of natural language processing . in this paper , we propose the task of relation classification for chinese literature text . a new dataset of chinese literature text is constructed to facilitate the study in this task . we present a novel model , named structure regularized bidirectional recurrent convolutional neural network ( sr - br ←
→ semantics of complex sentences in japanese ; the important part of semantics of complex sentence is captured as relations among semantic roles in subordinate and main clause respectively . however if there can be relations between every pair of semantic roles , the amount of computation to identify the relations that hold in the given sentence is extremely large . in this paper , for semantics of japanese complex sentence , we introduce new pragmatic roles called ` observer ' and ` motivated ' respectively to bridge ←
→ algorithmic learning of probability distributions from random data in the limit ; we study the problem of identifying a probability distribution for some given randomly sampled data in the limit , in the context of algorithmic learning theory as proposed recently by vinanyi and chater . we show that there exists a computable partial learner for the computable probability measures , while by bienvenu , monin and shen it is known that there is no computable learner for the computable probability measures . our m ←
→ learning the synthesizability of dynamic texture samples ; a dynamic texture ( dt ) refers to a sequence of images that exhibit temporal regularities and has many applications in computer vision and graphics . given an exemplar of dynamic texture , it is a dynamic but challenging task to generate new samples with high quality that are perceptually similar to the input exemplar , which is known to be {\ em example - based dynamic texture synthesis ( edts )}. numerous approaches have been devoted to this problem , in th ←
→ transferring a semantic representation for person re - identification and search ; learning semantic attributes for person re - identification and description - based person search has gained increasing interest due to attributes ' great potential as a pose and view - invariant representation . however , existing attribute - centric approaches have thus far underperformed state - of - the - art conventional approaches . this is due to their non - scalable need for extensive domain ( camera ) specific annotation . in this paper we ←
→ r - c3d : region convolutional 3d network for temporal activity detection ; we address the problem of activity detection in continuous , untrimmed video streams . this is a difficult task that requires extracting meaningful spatio - temporal features to capture activities , accurately localizing the start and end times of each activity . we introduce a new model , region convolutional 3d network ( r - c3d ), which encodes the video streams using a three - dimensional fully convolutional network , then generates candidate te ←
→ equivalence of distance - based and rkhs - based statistics in hypothesis testing ; we provide a unifying framework linking two classes of statistics used in two - sample and independence testing : on the one hand , the energy distances and distance covariances from the statistics literature ; on the other , maximum mean discrepancies ( mmd ), that is , distances between embeddings of distributions to reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ( rkhs ), as established in machine learning . in the case where the energy distance is ←
→ multi - timescale nexting in a reinforcement learning robot ; the term " nexting " has been used by psychologists to refer to the propensity of people and many other animals to continually predict what will happen next in an immediate , local , and personal sense . the ability to " next " constitutes a basic kind of awareness and knowledge of one ' s environment . in this paper we present results with a robot that learns to next in real time , predicting thousands of features of the world ' s state , including all sensory ←
→ decision - based adversarial attacks : reliable attacks against black - box machine learning models ; many machine learning algorithms are vulnerable to almost imperceptible perturbations of their inputs . so far it was unclear how much risk adversarial perturbations carry for the safety of real - world machine learning applications because most methods used to generate such perturbations rely either on detailed model information ( gradient - based attacks ) or on confidence scores such as class probabilities ( score -←
→ fitting ranked english and spanish letter frequency distribution in u . s . and mexican presidential speeches ; the limited range in its abscissa of ranked letter frequency distributions causes multiple functions to fit the observed distribution reasonably well . in order to critically compare various functions , we apply the statistical model selections on ten functions , using the texts of u . s . and mexican presidential speeches in the last 1 - 2 centuries . dispite minor switching of ranking order of certain let ←
→ contained neural style transfer for decorated logo generation ; making decorated logos requires image editing skills , without sufficient skills , it could be a time - consuming task . while there are many on - line web services to make new logos , they have limited designs and duplicates can be made . we propose using neural style transfer with clip art and text for the creation of new and genuine logos . we introduce a new loss function based on distance transform of the input image , which allows the preservation o ←
→ real time face recognition using adaboost improved fast pca algorithm ; this paper presents an automated system for human face recognition in a real time background world for a large homemade dataset of persons face . the task is very difficult as the real time background subtraction in an image is still a challenge . addition to this there is a huge variation in human face image in terms of size , pose and expression . the system proposed collapses most of this variance . to detect real time human face adaboost ←
→ learning to predict combinatorial structures ; the major challenge in designing a discriminative learning algorithm for predicting structured data is to address the computational issues arising from the exponential size of the output space . existing algorithms make different assumptions to ensure efficient , polynomial time estimation of model parameters . for several combinatorial structures , including cycles , partially ordered sets , permutations and other graph classes , these assumptions do not hold . in thi ←
→ localisation of numerical date field in an indian handwritten document ; this paper describes a method to localise all those areas which may constitute the date field in an indian handwritten document . spatial patterns of the date field are studied from various handwritten documents and an algorithm is developed through statistical analysis to identify those sets of connected components which may constitute the date . common date patterns followed in india are considered to classify the date formats in diffe ←
→ motion trails from time - lapse video ; from an image sequence captured by a stationary camera , background subtraction can detect moving foreground objects in the scene . distinguishing foreground from background is further improved by various heuristics . then each object ' s motion can be emphasized by duplicating its positions as a motion trail . these trails clarify the objects ' spatial relationships . also , adding motion trails to a video before previewing it at high speed reduces the risk of overlooking trans ←
→ ivqa : inverse visual question answering ; we propose the inverse problem of visual question answering ( ivqa ), and explore its suitability as a benchmark for visuo - linguistic understanding . the ivqa task is to generate a question that corresponds to a given image and answer pair . since the answers are less informative than the questions , and the questions have less learnable bias , an ivqa model needs to better understand the image to be successful than a vqa model . we pose question generation as a multi - moda ←
→ beyond - quantum modeling of question order effects and response replicability in psychological measurements ; a general tension - reduction ( gtr ) model was recently considered to derive quantum probabilities as ( universal ) averages over all possible forms of non - uniform fluctuations , and explain their considerable success in describing experimental situations also outside of the domain of physics , for instance in the ambit of quantum models of cognition and decision . yet , this result also highlighted the pos ←
→ a novel progressive learning technique for multi - class classification ; in this paper , a progressive learning technique for multi - class classification is proposed . this newly developed learning technique is independent of the number of class constraints and it can learn new classes while still retaining the knowledge of previous classes . whenever a new class ( non - native to the knowledge learnt thus far ) is encountered , the neural network structure gets remodeled automatically by facilitating new neurons and ←
→ deep learning for detecting cyberbullying across multiple social media platforms ; harassment by cyberbullies is a significant phenomenon on the social media . existing works for cyberbullying detection have at least one of the following three bottlenecks . first , they target only one particular social media platform ( smp ). second , they address just one topic of cyberbullying . third , they rely on carefully handcrafted features of the data . we show that deep learning based models can overcome all three bottl ←
→ visuospatial skill learning for robots ; a novel skill learning approach is proposed that allows a robot to acquire human - like visuospatial skills for object manipulation tasks . visuospatial skills are attained by observing spatial relationships among objects through demonstrations . the proposed visuospatial skill learning ( vsl ) is a goal - based approach that focuses on achieving a desired goal configuration of objects relative to one another while maintaining the sequence of operations . vsl is capable of le ←
→ group sparse cnns for question classification with answer sets ; question classification is an important task with wide applications . however , traditional techniques treat questions as general sentences , ignoring the corresponding answer data . in order to consider answer information into question modeling , we first introduce novel group sparse autoencoders which refine question representation by utilizing group information in the answer set . we then propose novel group sparse cnns which naturally learn ques ←
→ f - gans in an information geometric nutshell ; nowozin \ textit { et al } showed last year how to extend the gan \ textit { principle } to all $ f $- divergences . the approach is elegant but falls short of a full description of the supervised game , and says little about the key player , the generator : for example , what does the generator actually converge to if solving the gan game means convergence in some space of parameters ? how does that provide hints on the generator ' s design and compare to the flourishing but almo ←
→ dropout as a low - rank regularizer for matrix factorization ; regularization for matrix factorization ( mf ) and approximation problems has been carried out in many different ways . due to its popularity in deep learning , dropout has been applied also for this class of problems . despite its solid empirical performance , the theoretical properties of dropout as a regularizer remain quite elusive for this class of problems . in this paper , we present a theoretical analysis of dropout for mf , where bernoulli random ←
→ ransac : identification of higher - order geometric features and applications in humanoid robot soccer ; the ability for an autonomous agent to self - localise is directly proportional to the accuracy and precision with which it can perceive salient features within its local environment . the identification of such features by recognising geometric profile allows robustness against lighting variations , which is necessary in most industrial robotics applications . this paper details a framework by which the rando ←
→ machine learning for galaxy morphology classification ; in this work , decision tree learning algorithms and fuzzy inferencing systems are applied for galaxy morphology classification . in particular , the cart , the c4 . 5 , the random forest and fuzzy logic algorithms are studied and reliable classifiers are developed to distinguish between spiral galaxies , elliptical galaxies or star / unknown galactic objects . morphology information for the training and testing datasets is obtained from the galaxy zoo project wh ←
→ improving the universality and learnability of neural programmer - interpreters with combinator abstraction ; to overcome the limitations of neural programmer - interpreters ( npi ) in its universality and learnability , we propose the incorporation of combinator abstraction into neural programing and a new npi architecture to support this abstraction , which we call combinatory neural programmer - interpreter ( cnpi ). combinator abstraction dramatically reduces the number and complexity of programs that need to be ←
→ robobrain : large - scale knowledge engine for robots ; in this paper we introduce a knowledge engine , which learns and shares knowledge representations , for robots to carry out a variety of tasks . building such an engine brings with it the challenge of dealing with multiple data modalities including symbols , natural language , haptic senses , robot trajectories , visual features and many others . the \ textit { knowledge } stored in the engine comes from multiple sources including physical interactions that robots ha ←
→ textual paralanguage and its implications for marketing communications ; both face - to - face communication and communication in online environments convey information beyond the actual verbal message . in a traditional face - to - face conversation , paralanguage , or the ancillary meaning - and emotion - laden aspects of speech that are not actual verbal prose , gives contextual information that allows interactors to more appropriately understand the message being conveyed . in this paper , we conceptualize textual paral ←
→ building a comprehensive syntactic and semantic corpus of chinese clinical texts ; objective : to build a comprehensive corpus covering syntactic and semantic annotations of chinese clinical texts with corresponding annotation guidelines and methods as well as to develop tools trained on the annotated corpus , which supplies baselines for research on chinese texts in the clinical domain . materials and methods : an iterative annotation method was proposed to train annotators and to develop annotation guidel ←
→ optimal schatten - q and ky - fan - k norm rate of low rank matrix estimation ; in this paper , we consider low rank matrix estimation using either matrix - version dantzig selector $\ hat { a } _ {\ lambda }^ d $ or matrix - version lasso estimator $\ hat { a } _ {\ lambda }^ l $. we consider sub - gaussian measurements , $ i . e .$, the measurements $ x_1 ,\ ldots , x_n \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ m \ times m }$ have $ i . i . d .$ sub - gaussian entries . suppose $\ textrm { rank }( a_0 )= r $. we proved that , when $ n \ geq cm [ r ^ 2 \ vee r \ log ( m )\ log ( n )]$ for some $ c > 0 $, both $\ hat { a }←
→ semantical characterizations and complexity of equivalences in answer set programming ; in recent research on non - monotonic logic programming , repeatedly strong equivalence of logic programs p and q has been considered , which holds if the programs p union r and q union r have the same answer sets for any other program r . this property strengthens equivalence of p and q with respect to answer sets ( which is the particular case for r is the empty set ), and has its applications in program optimization , verif ←
→ measuring the functional connectome " on - the - fly ": towards a new control signal for fmri - based brain - computer interfaces ; there has been an explosion of interest in functional magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) during the past two decades . naturally , this has been accompanied by many major advances in the understanding of the human connectome . these advances have served to pose novel challenges as well as open new avenues for research . one of the most promising and exciting of such avenues is the study of f ←
→ fssd : feature fusion single shot multibox detector ; ssd ( single shot multibox detetor ) is one of the best object detection algorithms with both high accuracy and fast speed . however , ssd ' s feature pyramid detection method makes it hard to fuse the features from different scales . in this paper , we proposed fssd ( feature fusion single shot multibox detector ), an enhanced ssd with a novel and lightweight feature fusion module which can improve the performance significantly over ssd with just a little speed dr ←
→ coco - stuff : thing and stuff classes in context ; semantic classes can be either things ( objects with a well - defined shape , e . g . car , person ) or stuff ( amorphous background regions , e . g . grass , sky ). while lots of classification and detection works focus on thing classes , less attention has been given to stuff classes . nonetheless , stuff classes are important as they allow to explain important aspects of an image , including ( 1 ) scene type ; ( 2 ) which thing classes are likely to be present and their location (←
→ oblivious bounds on the probability of boolean functions ; this paper develops upper and lower bounds for the probability of boolean functions by treating multiple occurrences of variables as independent and assigning them new individual probabilities . we call this approach dissociation and give an exact characterization of optimal oblivious bounds , i . e . when the new probabilities are chosen independent of the probabilities of all other variables . our motivation comes from the weighted model counting proble ←
→ a robust auc maximization framework with simultaneous outlier detection and feature selection for positive - unlabeled classification ; the positive - unlabeled ( pu ) classification is a common scenario in real - world applications such as healthcare , text classification , and bioinformatics , in which we only observe a few samples labeled as " positive " together with a large volume of " unlabeled " samples that may contain both positive and negative samples . building robust classifier for the pu problem is very chal ←
→ learning manifold to regularize nonnegative matrix factorization ; inthischapterwediscusshowtolearnanoptimalmanifoldpresentationto regularize nonegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) for data representation problems . nmf , whichtriestorepresentanonnegativedatamatrixasaproductoftwolowrank nonnegative matrices , has been a popular method for data representation due to its ability to explore the latent part - based structure of data . recent study shows that lots of data distributions have manifold structures , and we s ←
→ quasi : quantile sparse image prior for spatio - temporal denoising of retinal oct data ; optical coherence tomography ( oct ) enables high - resolution and non - invasive 3d imaging of the human retina but is inherently impaired by speckle noise . this paper introduces a spatio - temporal denoising algorithm for oct data on a b - scan level using a novel quantile sparse image ( quasi ) prior . to remove speckle noise while preserving image structures of diagnostic relevance , we implement our quasi prior via median filter ←
→ is china entering wto or shijie maoyi zuzhi -- a corpus study of english acronyms in chinese newspapers ; this is one of the first studies that quantitatively examine the usage of english acronyms ( e . g . wto ) in chinese texts . using newspaper corpora , i try to answer 1 ) for all instances of a concept that has an english acronym ( e . g . world trade organization ), what percentage is expressed in the english acronym ( wto ), and what percentage in its chinese translation ( shijie maoyi zuzhi ), and 2 ) what factors ar ←
→ replicator equation : applications revisited ; the replicator equation is a simple model of evolution that leads to stable form of nash equilibrium , evolutionary stable strategy ( ess ). it has been studied in connection with evolutionary game theory and was originally developed for symmetric games . beyond its first emphasis in biological use , evolutionary game theory has been expanded well beyond in social studies for behavioral analysis , in machine learning , computer vision and others . its several applicatio ←
→ accurate genomic prediction of human height ; we construct genomic predictors for heritable and extremely complex human quantitative traits ( height , heel bone density , and educational attainment ) using modern methods in high dimensional statistics ( i . e ., machine learning ). replication tests show that these predictors capture , respectively , $\ sim $ 40 , 20 , and 9 percent of total variance for the three traits . for example , predicted heights correlate $\ sim $ 0 . 65 with actual height ; actual heights of most individ ←
→ better mini - batch algorithms via accelerated gradient methods ; mini - batch algorithms have been proposed as a way to speed - up stochastic convex optimization problems . we study how such algorithms can be improved using accelerated gradient methods . we provide a novel analysis , which shows how standard gradient methods may sometimes be insufficient to obtain a significant speed - up and propose a novel accelerated gradient algorithm , which deals with this deficiency , enjoys a uniformly superior guarantee and wo ←
→ learning cooperative visual dialog agents with deep reinforcement learning ; we introduce the first goal - driven training for visual question answering and dialog agents . specifically , we pose a cooperative ' image guessing ' game between two agents -- qbot and abot -- who communicate in natural language dialog so that qbot can select an unseen image from a lineup of images . we use deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) to learn the policies of these agents end - to - end -- from pixels to multi - agent multi - round dial ←
→ theoretical analyses of cross - validation error and voting in instance - based learning ; this paper begins with a general theory of error in cross - validation testing of algorithms for supervised learning from examples . it is assumed that the examples are described by attribute - value pairs , where the values are symbolic . cross - validation requires a set of training examples and a set of testing examples . the value of the attribute that is to be predicted is known to the learner in the training set , but unknow ←
→ towards an inferential lexicon of event selecting predicates for french ; we present a manually constructed seed lexicon encoding the inferential profiles of french event selecting predicates across different uses . the inferential profile ( karttunen , 1971a ) of a verb is designed to capture the inferences triggered by the use of this verb in context . it reflects the influence of the clause - embedding verb on the factuality of the event described by the embedded clause . the resource developed provides evidence ←
→ a fuzzy syllogistic reasoning schema for generalized quantifiers ; in this paper , a new approximate syllogistic reasoning schema is described that expands some of the approaches expounded in the literature into two ways : ( i ) a number of different types of quantifiers ( logical , absolute , proportional , comparative and exception ) taken from theory of generalized quantifiers and similarity quantifiers , taken from statistics , are considered and ( ii ) any number of premises can be taken into account within the rea ←
→ an open source pattern recognition toolbox for matlab ; pattern recognition and machine learning are becoming integral parts of algorithms in a wide range of applications . different algorithms and approaches for machine learning include different tradeoffs between performance and computation , so during algorithm development it is often necessary to explore a variety of different approaches to a given task . a toolbox with a unified framework across multiple pattern recognition techniques enables algorithm de ←
→ robust structured low - rank approximation on the grassmannian ; over the past years robust pca has been established as a standard tool for reliable low - rank approximation of matrices in the presence of outliers . recently , the robust pca approach via nuclear norm minimization has been extended to matrices with linear structures which appear in applications such as system identification and data series analysis . at the same time it has been shown how to control the rank of a structured approximation via matrix ←
→ causal and anti - causal learning in pattern recognition for neuroimaging ; pattern recognition in neuroimaging distinguishes between two types of models : encoding - and decoding models . this distinction is based on the insight that brain state features , that are found to be relevant in an experimental paradigm , carry a different meaning in encoding - than in decoding models . in this paper , we argue that this distinction is not sufficient : relevant features in encoding - and decoding models carry a different mea ←
→ survey of visual question answering : datasets and techniques ; visual question answering ( or vqa ) is a new and exciting problem that combines natural language processing and computer vision techniques . we present a survey of the various datasets and models that have been used to tackle this task . the first part of the survey details the various datasets for vqa and compares them along some common factors . the second part of this survey details the different approaches for vqa , classified into four types : no ←
→ polyp detection inside the capsule endoscopy : an approach for power consumption reduction ; capsule endoscopy is a novel and non - invasive method for diagnosis , which assists gastroenterologists to monitor the digestive track . although this new technology has many advantages over the conventional endoscopy , there are weaknesses that limits the usage of this technology . some weaknesses are due to using small - size batteries . radio transmitter consumes the largest portion of energy ; consequently , a simple way ←
→ bacterial foraging optimized statcom for stability assessment in power system ; this paper presents a study of improvement in stability in a single machine connected to infinite bus ( smib ) power system by using static compensator ( statcom ). the gains of proportional - integral - derivative ( pid ) controller in statcom are being optimized by heuristic technique based on particle swarm optimization ( pso ). further , bacterial foraging optimization ( bfo ) as an alternative heuristic method is also applied to select ←
→ restricted boltzmann machines for robust and fast latent truth discovery ; we address the problem of latent truth discovery , ltd for short , where the goal is to discover the underlying true values of entity attributes in the presence of noisy , conflicting or incomplete information . despite a multitude of algorithms to address the ltd problem that can be found in literature , only little is known about their overall performance with respect to effectiveness ( in terms of truth discovery capabilities ), efficien ←
→ facial feature tracking under varying facial expressions and face poses based on restricted boltzmann machines ; facial feature tracking is an active area in computer vision due to its relevance to many applications . it is a nontrivial task , since faces may have varying facial expressions , poses or occlusions . in this paper , we address this problem by proposing a face shape prior model that is constructed based on the restricted boltzmann machines ( rbm ) and their variants . specifically , we first construct ←
→ real - time panoramic tracking for event cameras ; event cameras are a paradigm shift in camera technology . instead of full frames , the sensor captures a sparse set of events caused by intensity changes . since only the changes are transferred , those cameras are able to capture quick movements of objects in the scene or of the camera itself . in this work we propose a novel method to perform camera tracking of event cameras in a panoramic setting with three degrees of freedom . we propose a direct camera trackin ←
→ lazily adapted constant kinky inference for nonparametric regression and model - reference adaptive control ; techniques known as nonlinear set membership prediction , lipschitz interpolation or kinky inference are approaches to machine learning that utilise presupposed lipschitz properties to compute inferences over unobserved function values . provided a bound on the true best lipschitz constant of the target function is known a priori they offer convergence guarantees as well as bounds around the predictio ←
→ solving approximate wasserstein gans to stationarity ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are one of the most practical strategies to learn data distributions . a popular gan formulation is based on the use of wasserstein distance as a metric between probability distributions . unfortunately , minimizing the wasserstein distance between the data distribution and the generative model distribution is a challenging problem as its objective is non - convex , non - smooth , and even hard to compute . in this work , we ←
→ implicit weight uncertainty in neural networks ; we interpret hypernetworks within the framework of variational inference within implicit distributions . our method , bayes by hypernet , is able to model a richer variational distribution than previous methods . experiments show that it achieves comparable predictive performance on the mnist classification task while providing higher predictive uncertainties compared to mc - dropout and regular maximum likelihood training .←
→ interactive storytelling over document collections ; storytelling algorithms aim to ' connect the dots ' between disparate documents by linking starting and ending documents through a series of intermediate documents . existing storytelling algorithms are based on notions of coherence and connectivity , and thus the primary way by which users can steer the story construction is via design of suitable similarity functions . we present an alternative approach to storytelling wherein the user can interactively and ←
→ deep roto - translation scattering for object classification ; dictionary learning algorithms or supervised deep convolution networks have considerably improved the efficiency of predefined feature representations such as sift . we introduce a deep scattering convolution network , with predefined wavelet filters over spatial and angular variables . this representation brings an important improvement to results previously obtained with predefined features over object image databases such as caltech and cifar . the ←
→ modular learning component attacks : today ' s reality , tomorrow ' s challenge ; many of today ' s machine learning ( ml ) systems are not built from scratch , but are compositions of an array of {\ em modular learning components } ( mlcs ). the increasing use of mlcs significantly simplifies the ml system development cycles . however , as most mlcs are contributed and maintained by third parties , their lack of standardization and regulation entails profound security implications . in this paper , for the first time , we ←
→ deep vs . diverse architectures for classification problems ; this study compares various superlearner and deep learning architectures ( machine - learning - based and neural - network - based ) for classification problems across several simulated and industrial datasets to assess performance and computational efficiency , as both methods have nice theoretical convergence properties . superlearner formulations outperform other methods at small to moderate sample sizes ( 500 - 2500 ) on nonlinear and mixed linear / nonlinear p ←
→ protein secondary structure prediction using cascaded convolutional and recurrent neural networks ; protein secondary structure prediction is an important problem in bioinformatics . inspired by the recent successes of deep neural networks , in this paper , we propose an end - to - end deep network that predicts protein secondary structures from integrated local and global contextual features . our deep architecture leverages convolutional neural networks with different kernel sizes to extract multiscale local co ←
→ on convergent finite difference schemes for variational - pde based image processing ; we study an adaptive anisotropic huber functional based image restoration scheme . by using a combination of l2 - l1 regularization functions , an adaptive huber functional based energy minimization model provides denoising with edge preservation in noisy digital images . we study a convergent finite difference scheme based on continuous piecewise linear functions and use a variable splitting scheme , namely the split bregman ←
→ morf : a framework for mooc predictive modeling and replication at scale ; the mooc replication framework ( morf ) is a novel software system for feature extraction , model training / testing , and evaluation of predictive dropout models in massive open online courses ( moocs ). morf makes large - scale replication of complex machine - learned models tractable and accessible for researchers , and enables public research on privacy - protected data . it does so by focusing on the high - level operations of an extract - train - tes ←
→ fusion of hyperspectral and panchromatic images using spectral uumixing results ; hyperspectral imaging , due to providing high spectral resolution images , is one of the most important tools in the remote sensing field . because of technological restrictions hyperspectral sensors has a limited spatial resolution . on the other hand panchromatic image has a better spatial resolution . combining this information together can provide a better understanding of the target scene . spectral unmixing of mixed pixels i ←
→ pronunciation recognition of english phonemes /\ textipa {@}/, / æ /, /\ textipa { a }:/ and /\ textipa { 2 }/ using formants and mel frequency cepstral coefficients ; the vocal joystick vowel corpus , by washington university , was used to study monophthongs pronounced by native english speakers . the objective of this study was to quantitatively measure the extent at which speech recognition methods can distinguish between similar sounding vowels . in particular , the phonemes /\ textipa {@}/, /{\ ae }/, /\ textipa { a }:/ an ←
→ latent embeddings for collective activity recognition ; rather than simply recognizing the action of a person individually , collective activity recognition aims to find out what a group of people is acting in a collective scene . previ - ous state - of - the - art methods using hand - crafted potentials in conventional graphical model which can only define a limited range of relations . thus , the complex structural de - pendencies among individuals involved in a collective sce - nario cannot be fully modeled . in this pa ←
→ color image denoising by chromatic edges based vector valued diffusion ; in this letter we propose to denoise digital color images via an improved geometric diffusion scheme . by introducing edges detected from all three color channels into the diffusion the proposed scheme avoids color smearing artifacts . vector valued diffusion is used to control the smoothing and the geometry of color images are taken into consideration . color edge strength function computed from different planes is introduced and it stop ←
→ root13 : spotting hypernyms , co - hyponyms and randoms ; in this paper , we describe root13 , a supervised system for the classification of hypernyms , co - hyponyms and random words . the system relies on a random forest algorithm and 13 unsupervised corpus - based features . we evaluate it with a 10 - fold cross validation on 9 , 600 pairs , equally distributed among the three classes and involving several parts - of - speech ( i . e . adjectives , nouns and verbs ). when all the classes are present , root13 achieves an f1 score of ←
→ balancing interpretability and predictive accuracy for unsupervised tensor mining ; the parafac tensor decomposition has enjoyed an increasing success in exploratory multi - aspect data mining scenarios . a major challenge remains the estimation of the number of latent factors ( i . e ., the rank ) of the decomposition , which yields high - quality , interpretable results . previously , we have proposed an automated tensor mining method which leverages a well - known quality heuristic from the field of chemometrics , the ←
→ hybrid optimized back propagation learning algorithm for multi - layer perceptron ; standard neural network based on general back propagation learning using delta method or gradient descent method has some great faults like poor optimization of error - weight objective function , low learning rate , instability . this paper introduces a hybrid supervised back propagation learning algorithm which uses trust - region method of unconstrained optimization of the error objective function by using quasi - newton method . t ←
→ mitigating the impact of speech recognition errors on chatbot using sequence - to - sequence model ; we apply sequence - to - sequence model to mitigate the impact of speech recognition errors on open domain end - to - end dialog generation . we cast the task as a domain adaptation problem where asr transcriptions and original text are in two different domains . in this paper , our proposed model includes two individual encoders for each domain data and make their hidden states similar to ensure the decoder predict the ←
→ probabilistic rgb - d odometry based on points , lines and planes under depth uncertainty ; this work proposes a robust visual odometry method for structured environments that combines point features with line and plane segments , extracted through an rgb - d camera . noisy depth maps are processed by a probabilistic depth fusion framework based on mixtures of gaussians to denoise and derive the depth uncertainty , which is then propagated throughout the visual odometry pipeline . probabilistic 3d plane and line f ←
→ exploiting deep features for remote sensing image retrieval : a systematic investigation ; remote sensing ( rs ) image retrieval based on visual content is of great significance for geological information mining . over the past two decades , a large amount of research on this task has been carried out , which mainly focuses on the following three core issues of image retrieval : visual feature , similarity metric and relevance feedback . along with the advance of these issues , the technology of rs image retrieval ←
→ racing multi - objective selection probabilities ; in the context of noisy multi - objective optimization , dealing with uncertainties requires the decision maker to define some preferences about how to handle them , through some statistics ( e . g ., mean , median ) to be used to evaluate the qualities of the solutions , and define the corresponding pareto set . approximating these statistics requires repeated samplings of the population , drastically increasing the overall computational cost . to tackle this issue , this ←
→ synthetic language generation and model validation in beast2 ; generating synthetic languages aids in the testing and validation of future computational linguistic models and methods . this thesis extends the beast2 phylogenetic framework to add linguistic sequence generation under multiple models . the new plugin is then used to test the effects of the phenomena of word borrowing on the inference process under two widely used phylolinguistic models .←
→ deep image demosaicking using a cascade of convolutional residual denoising networks ; demosaicking and denoising are among the most crucial steps of modern digital camera pipelines . meanwhile , joint image denoising - demosaicking is a highly ill - posed inverse problem where at - least two - thirds of the information are missing and the rest are corrupted by noise . this poses a great challenge in obtaining meaningful reconstructions and a special care for the efficient treatment of the problem is required . while ←
→ lecture video indexing using boosted margin maximizing neural networks ; this paper presents a novel approach for lecture video indexing using a boosted deep convolutional neural network system . the indexing is performed by matching high quality slide images , for which text is either known or extracted , to lower resolution video frames with possible noise , perspective distortion , and occlusions . we propose a deep neural network integrated with a boosting framework composed of two sub - networks targeting feat ←
→ latent tree variational autoencoder for joint representation learning and multidimensional clustering ; recently , deep learning based clustering methods are shown superior to traditional ones by jointly conducting representation learning and clustering . these methods rely on the assumptions that the number of clusters is known , and that there is one single partition over the data and all attributes define that partition . however , in real - world applications , prior knowledge of the number of clusters is usu ←
→ compact environment - invariant codes for robust visual place recognition ; robust visual place recognition ( vpr ) requires scene representations that are invariant to various environmental challenges such as seasonal changes and variations due to ambient lighting conditions during day and night . moreover , a practical vpr system necessitates compact representations of environmental features . to satisfy these requirements , in this paper we suggest a modification to the existing pipeline of vpr systems to incorp ←
→ measuring and modeling the perception of natural and unconstrained gaze in humans and machines ; humans are remarkably adept at interpreting the gaze direction of other individuals in their surroundings . this skill is at the core of the ability to engage in joint visual attention , which is essential for establishing social interactions . how accurate are humans in determining the gaze direction of others in lifelike scenes , when they can move their heads and eyes freely , and what are the sources of informa ←
→ fast metric learning for deep neural networks ; similarity metrics are a core component of many information retrieval and machine learning systems . in this work we propose a method capable of learning a similarity metric from data equipped with a binary relation . by considering only the similarity constraints , and initially ignoring the features , we are able to learn target vectors for each instance using one of several appropriately designed loss functions . a regression model can then be constructed that m ←
→ automated conjecturing vii : the graph brain project & big mathematics ; the graph brain project is an experiment in how the use of automated mathematical discovery software , databases , large collaboration , and systematic investigation provide a model for how mathematical research might proceed in the future . our project began with the development of a program that can be used to generate invariant - relation and property - relation conjectures in many areas of mathematics . this program can produce conjectures ←
→ experiments with game tree search in real - time strategy games ; game tree search algorithms such as minimax have been used with enormous success in turn - based adversarial games such as chess or checkers . however , such algorithms cannot be directly applied to real - time strategy ( rts ) games because a number of reasons . for example , minimax assumes a turn - taking game mechanics , not present in rts games . in this paper we present rtmm , a real - time variant of the standard minimax algorithm , and discuss its applic ←
→ tac - gan - text conditioned auxiliary classifier generative adversarial network ; in this work , we present the text conditioned auxiliary classifier generative adversarial network , ( tac - gan ) a text to image generative adversarial network ( gan ) for synthesizing images from their text descriptions . former approaches have tried to condition the generative process on the textual data ; but allying it to the usage of class information , known to diversify the generated samples and improve their structural coheren ←
→ from incremental meaning to semantic unit ( phrase by phrase ) ; this paper describes an experimental approach to detection of minimal semantic units and their meaning ( dimsum ), explored within the framework of semeval 2016 task 10 . the approach is primarily based on a combination of word embeddings and parserbased features , and employs unidirectional incremental computation of compositional embeddings for multiword expressions .←
→ an enhanced method for evaluating automatic video summaries ; evaluation of automatic video summaries is a challenging problem . in the past years , some evaluation methods are presented that utilize only a single feature like color feature to detect similarity between automatic video summaries and ground - truth user summaries . one of the drawbacks of using a single feature is that sometimes it gives a false similarity detection which makes the assessment of the quality of the generated video summary less perc ←
→ generative adversarial nets from a density ratio estimation perspective ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are successful deep generative models . gans are based on a two - player minimax game . however , the objective function derived in the original motivation is changed to obtain stronger gradients when learning the generator . we propose a novel algorithm that repeats the density ratio estimation and f - divergence minimization . our algorithm offers a new perspective toward the understanding of gans and i ←
→ computational aspects of the calculus of structure ; logic is the science of correct inferences and a logical system is a tool to prove assertions in a certain logic in a correct way . there are many logical systems , and many ways of formalizing them , e . g ., using natural deduction or sequent calculus . calculus of structures ( cos ) is a new formalism proposed by alessio guglielmi in 2004 that generalizes sequent calculus in the sense that inference rules can be applied at any depth inside a formula , rather tha ←
→ fingernet : an unified deep network for fingerprint minutiae extraction ; minutiae extraction is of critical importance in automated fingerprint recognition . previous works on rolled / slap fingerprints failed on latent fingerprints due to noisy ridge patterns and complex background noises . in this paper , we propose a new way to design deep convolutional network combining domain knowledge and the representation ability of deep learning . in terms of orientation estimation , segmentation , enhancement and minutiae ←
→ relative pairwise relationship constrained non - negative matrix factorisation ; non - negative matrix factorisation ( nmf ) has been extensively used in machine learning and data analytics applications . most existing variations of nmf only consider how each row / column vector of factorised matrices should be shaped , and ignore the relationship among pairwise rows or columns . in many cases , such pairwise relationship enables better factorisation , for example , image clustering and recommender systems . in this pap ←
→ learning sparse low - threshold linear classifiers ; we consider the problem of learning a non - negative linear classifier with a $ 1 $- norm of at most $ k $, and a fixed threshold , under the hinge - loss . this problem generalizes the problem of learning a $ k $- monotone disjunction . we prove that we can learn efficiently in this setting , at a rate which is linear in both $ k $ and the size of the threshold , and that this is the best possible rate . we provide an efficient online learning algorithm that achieves the opti ←
→ efficient correlated topic modeling with topic embedding ; correlated topic modeling has been limited to small model and problem sizes due to their high computational cost and poor scaling . in this paper , we propose a new model which learns compact topic embeddings and captures topic correlations through the closeness between the topic vectors . our method enables efficient inference in the low - dimensional embedding space , reducing previous cubic or quadratic time complexity to linear w . r . t the topic size . w ←
→ solving a mixture of many random linear equations by tensor decomposition and alternating minimization ; we consider the problem of solving mixed random linear equations with $ k $ components . this is the noiseless setting of mixed linear regression . the goal is to estimate multiple linear models from mixed samples in the case where the labels ( which sample corresponds to which model ) are not observed . we give a tractable algorithm for the mixed linear equation problem , and show that under some technical co ←
→ scaling up sparse support vector machines by simultaneous feature and sample reduction ; sparse support vector machine ( svm ) is a popular classification technique that can simultaneously learn a small set of the most interpretable features and identify the support vectors . it has achieved great successes in many real - world applications . however , for large - scale problems involving a huge number of samples and extremely high - dimensional features , solving sparse svms remains challenging . by noting that spars ←
→ backward - forward search for manipulation planning ; in this paper we address planning problems in high - dimensional hybrid configuration spaces , with a particular focus on manipulation planning problems involving many objects . we present the hybrid backward - forward ( hbf ) planning algorithm that uses a backward identification of constraints to direct the sampling of the infinite action space in a forward search from the initial state towards a goal configuration . the resulting planner is probabilistically com ←
→ multiclass weighted loss for instance segmentation of cluttered cells ; we propose a new multiclass weighted loss function for instance segmentation of cluttered cells . we are primarily motivated by the need of developmental biologists to quantify and model the behavior of blood t - cells which might help us in understanding their regulation mechanisms and ultimately help researchers in their quest for developing an effective immuno - therapy cancer treatment . segmenting individual touching cells in cluttered r ←
→ branchconnect : large - scale visual recognition with learned branch connections ; we introduce an architecture for large - scale image categorization that enables the end - to - end learning of separate visual features for the different classes to distinguish . the proposed model consists of a deep cnn shaped like a tree . the stem of the tree includes a sequence of convolutional layers common to all classes . the stem then splits into multiple branches implementing parallel feature extractors , which are ultimately ←
→ dragnn : a transition - based framework for dynamically connected neural networks ; in this work , we present a compact , modular framework for constructing novel recurrent neural architectures . our basic module is a new generic unit , the transition based recurrent unit ( tbru ). in addition to hidden layer activations , tbrus have discrete state dynamics that allow network connections to be built dynamically as a function of intermediate activations . by connecting multiple tbrus , we can extend and combine common ←
→ comparing deep reinforcement learning and evolutionary methods in continuous control ; reinforcement learning and the evolutionary strategy are two major approaches in addressing complicated control problems . both are strong contenders and have their own devotee communities . both groups have been very active in developing new advances in their own domain and devising , in recent years , leading - edge techniques to address complex continuous control tasks . here , in the context of deep reinforcement learning , ←
→ vgr - net : a view invariant gait recognition network ; biometric identification systems have become immensely popular and important because of their high reliability and efficiency . however person identification at a distance , still remains a challenging problem . gait can be seen as an essential biometric feature for human recognition and identification . it can be easily acquired from a distance and does not require any user cooperation thus making it suitable for surveillance . but the task of recognizing an ←
→ statistical structure learning , towards a robust smart grid ; robust control and maintenance of the grid relies on accurate data . both pmus and state estimators are prone to false data injection attacks . thus , it is crucial to have a mechanism for fast and accurate detection of an agent maliciously tampering with the data --- for both preventing attacks that may lead to blackouts , and for routine monitoring and control tasks of current and future grids . we propose a decentralized false data injection detectio ←
→ a prior distribution over directed acyclic graphs for sparse bayesian networks ; the main contribution of this article is a new prior distribution over directed acyclic graphs , which gives larger weight to sparse graphs . this distribution is intended for structured bayesian networks , where the structure is given by an ordered block model . that is , the nodes of the graph are objects which fall into categories ( or blocks ); the blocks have a natural ordering . the presence of a relationship between two object ←
→ stylebank : an explicit representation for neural image style transfer ; we propose stylebank , which is composed of multiple convolution filter banks and each filter bank explicitly represents one style , for neural image style transfer . to transfer an image to a specific style , the corresponding filter bank is operated on top of the intermediate feature embedding produced by a single auto - encoder . the stylebank and the auto - encoder are jointly learnt , where the learning is conducted in such a way that the au ←
→ dynamic bidding for advance commitments in truckload brokerage markets ; truckload brokerages , a $ 100 billion / year industry in the u . s ., plays the critical role of matching shippers with carriers , often to move loads several days into the future . brokerages not only have to find companies that will agree to move a load , the brokerage often has to find a price that both the shipper and carrier will agree to . the price not only varies by shipper and carrier , but also by the traffic lanes and other variables s ←
→ kernels on sample sets via nonparametric divergence estimates ; most machine learning algorithms , such as classification or regression , treat the individual data point as the object of interest . here we consider extending machine learning algorithms to operate on groups of data points . we suggest treating a group of data points as an i . i . d . sample set from an underlying feature distribution for that group . our approach employs kernel machines with a kernel on i . i . d . sample sets of vectors . we define certain ←
→ conditionally independent multiresolution gaussian processes ; we propose a multiresolution gaussian process ( gp ) model which assumes conditional independence among gps across resolutions . we characterize each gp using a particular representation of the karhunen - lo \` eve expansion where each basis vector of the representation consists of an axis and a scale factor , referred to as the basis axis and the basis - axis scale . the basis axes have unique characteristics : they are zero - mean by construction and are on ←
→ on - line bayesian system identification ; we consider an on - line system identification setting , in which new data become available at given time steps . in order to meet real - time estimation requirements , we propose a tailored bayesian system identification procedure , in which the hyper - parameters are still updated through marginal likelihood maximization , but after only one iteration of a suitable iterative optimization algorithm . both gradient methods and the em algorithm are considered for the marginal lik ←
→ improving person re - identification by attribute and identity learning ; person re - identification ( re - id ) and attribute recognition share a common target at the pedestrian description . their difference consists in the granularity . attribute recognition focuses on local aspects of a person while person re - id usually extracts global representations . considering their similarity and difference , this paper proposes a very simple convolutional neural network ( cnn ) that learns a re - id embedding and predicts the pe ←
→ probability estimation in face of irrelevant information ; in this paper , we consider one aspect of the problem of applying decision theory to the design of agents that learn how to make decisions under uncertainty . this aspect concerns how an agent can estimate probabilities for the possible states of the world , given that it only makes limited observations before committing to a decision . we show that the naive application of statistical tools can be improved upon if the agent can determine which of his o ←
→ observational - interventional priors for dose - response learning ; controlled interventions provide the most direct source of information for learning causal effects . in particular , a dose - response curve can be learned by varying the treatment level and observing the corresponding outcomes . however , interventions can be expensive and time - consuming . observational data , where the treatment is not controlled by a known mechanism , is sometimes available . under some strong assumptions , observational data allows f ←
→ information revolution ; the world is passing through a major revolution called the information revolution , in which information and knowledge is becoming available to people in unprecedented amounts wherever and whenever they need it . those societies which fail to take advantage of the new technology will be left behind , just like in the industrial revolution . the information revolution is based on two major technologies : computers and communication . these technologies have to be delivered in a cost effe ←
→ searching action proposals via spatial actionness estimation and temporal path inference and tracking ; in this paper , we address the problem of searching action proposals in unconstrained video clips . our approach starts from actionness estimation on frame - level bounding boxes , and then aggregates the bounding boxes belonging to the same actor across frames via linking , associating , tracking to generate spatial - temporal continuous action paths . to achieve the target , a novel actionness estimation method ←
→ ppr - fcn : weakly supervised visual relation detection via parallel pairwise r - fcn ; we aim to tackle a novel vision task called weakly supervised visual relation detection ( wsvrd ) to detect " subject - predicate - object " relations in an image with object relation groundtruths available only at the image level . this is motivated by the fact that it is extremely expensive to label the combinatorial relations between objects at the instance level . compared to the extensively studied problem , weakly supervised obj ←
→ computational complexity analysis of multi - objective genetic programming ; the computational complexity analysis of genetic programming ( gp ) has been started recently by analyzing simple ( 1 + 1 ) gp algorithms for the problems order and majority . in this paper , we study how taking the complexity as an additional criteria influences the runtime behavior . we consider generalizations of order and majority and present a computational complexity analysis of ( 1 + 1 ) gp using multi - criteria fitness functions that take ←
→ noisy subspace clustering via matching pursuits ; sparsity - based subspace clustering algorithms have attracted significant attention thanks to their excellent performance in practical applications . a prominent example is the sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ) algorithm by elhamifar and vidal , which performs spectral clustering based on an adjacency matrix obtained by sparsely representing each data point in terms of all the other data points via the lasso . when the number of data points is large or the dimens ←
→ orb - slam : a versatile and accurate monocular slam system ; this paper presents orb - slam , a feature - based monocular slam system that operates in real time , in small and large , indoor and outdoor environments . the system is robust to severe motion clutter , allows wide baseline loop closing and relocalization , and includes full automatic initialization . building on excellent algorithms of recent years , we designed from scratch a novel system that uses the same features for all slam tasks : tracking , mapping , re ←
→ modeling stable matching problems with answer set programming ; the stable marriage problem ( smp ) is a well - known matching problem first introduced and solved by gale and shapley ( 1962 ). several variants and extensions to this problem have since been investigated to cover a wider set of applications . each time a new variant is considered , however , a new algorithm needs to be developed and implemented . as an alternative , in this paper we propose an encoding of the smp using answer set programming ( asp ). our ←
→ deepiot : compressing deep neural network structures for sensing systems with a compressor - critic framework ; recent advances in deep learning motivate the use of deep neutral networks in sensing applications , but their excessive resource needs on constrained embedded devices remain an important impediment . a recently explored solution space lies in compressing ( approximating or simplifying ) deep neural networks in some manner before use on the device . we propose a new compression solution , called deepiot ,←
→ evaluating automatic speech recognition systems in comparison with human perception results using distinctive feature measures ; this paper describes methods for evaluating automatic speech recognition ( asr ) systems in comparison with human perception results , using measures derived from linguistic distinctive features . error patterns in terms of manner , place and voicing are presented , along with an examination of confusion matrices via a distinctive - feature - distance metric . these evaluation methods cont ←
→ deeply aggregated alternating minimization for image restoration ; regularization - based image restoration has remained an active research topic in computer vision and image processing . it often leverages a guidance signal captured in different fields as an additional cue . in this work , we present a general framework for image restoration , called deeply aggregated alternating minimization ( deepam ). we propose to train deep neural network to advance two of the steps in the conventional am algorithm : proximal ←
→ inexact alternating direction method based on newton descent algorithm with application to poisson image deblurring ; the recovery of images from the observations that are degraded by a linear operator and further corrupted by poisson noise is an important task in modern imaging applications such as astronomical and biomedical ones . gradient - based regularizers involve the popular total variation semi - norm have become standard techniques for poisson image restoration due to its edge - preserving ability . var ←
→ closing the learning - planning loop with predictive state representations ; a central problem in artificial intelligence is that of planning to maximize future reward under uncertainty in a partially observable environment . in this paper we propose and demonstrate a novel algorithm which accurately learns a model of such an environment directly from sequences of action - observation pairs . we then close the loop from observations to actions by planning in the learned model and recovering a policy which is near ←
→ foundations for understanding and building conscious systems using stable parallel looped dynamics ; the problem of consciousness faced several challenges for a few reasons : ( a ) a lack of necessary and sufficient conditions , without which we would not know how close we are to the solution , ( b ) a lack of a synthesis framework to build conscious systems and ( c ) a lack of mechanisms explaining the transition between the lower - level chemical dynamics and the higher - level abstractions . in this paper , i address ←
→ soft constraint abstraction based on semiring homomorphism ; the semiring - based constraint satisfaction problems ( semiring csps ), proposed by bistarelli , montanari and rossi \ cite { bmr97 }, is a very general framework of soft constraints . in this paper we propose an abstraction scheme for soft constraints that uses semiring homomorphism . to find optimal solutions of the concrete problem , the idea is , first working in the abstract problem and finding its optimal solutions , then using them to solve the concrete ←
→ hierarchical temporal representation in linear reservoir computing ; recently , studies on deep reservoir computing ( rc ) highlighted the role of layering in deep recurrent neural networks ( rnns ). in this paper , the use of linear recurrent units allows us to bring more evidence on the intrinsic hierarchical temporal representation in deep rnns through frequency analysis applied to the state signals . the potentiality of our approach is assessed on the class of multiple superimposed oscillator tasks . furthermor ←
→ analysis and optimization of convolutional neural network architectures ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) dominate various computer vision tasks since alex krizhevsky showed that they can be trained effectively and reduced the top - 5 error from 26 . 2 % to 15 . 3 % on the imagenet large scale visual recognition challenge . many aspects of cnns are examined in various publications , but literature about the analysis and construction of neural network architectures is rare . this work is one step to close this g ←
→ does neural machine translation benefit from larger context ? ; we propose a neural machine translation architecture that models the surrounding text in addition to the source sentence . these models lead to better performance , both in terms of general translation quality and pronoun prediction , when trained on small corpora , although this improvement largely disappears when trained with a larger corpus . we also discover that attention - based neural machine translation is well suited for pronoun prediction and ←
→ band selection and classification of hyperspectral images using mutual information : an algorithm based on minimizing the error probability using the inequality of fano ; hyperspectral image is a substitution of more than a hundred images , called bands , of the same region . they are taken at juxtaposed frequencies . the reference image of the region is called ground truth map ( gt ). the problematic is how to find the good bands to classify the pixels of regions ; because the bands can be not only redundant , ←
→ lifeworld analysis ; we argue that the analysis of agent / environment interactions should be extended to include the conventions and invariants maintained by agents throughout their activity . we refer to this thicker notion of environment as a lifeworld and present a partial set of formal tools for describing structures of lifeworlds and the ways in which they computationally simplify activity . as one specific example , we apply the tools to the analysis of the toast system and show how versions of the system ←
→ similarity learning for provably accurate sparse linear classification ; in recent years , the crucial importance of metrics in machine learning algorithms has led to an increasing interest for optimizing distance and similarity functions . most of the state of the art focus on learning mahalanobis distances ( requiring to fulfill a constraint of positive semi - definiteness ) for use in a local k - nn algorithm . however , no theoretical link is established between the learned metrics and their performance in classi ←
→ real - time salient closed boundary tracking via line segments perceptual grouping ; this paper presents a novel real - time method for tracking salient closed boundaries from video image sequences . this method operates on a set of straight line segments that are produced by line detection . the tracking scheme is coherently integrated into a perceptual grouping framework in which the visual tracking problem is tackled by identifying a subset of these line segments and connecting them sequentially to form a cl ←
→ separating populations with wide data : a spectral analysis ; in this paper , we consider the problem of partitioning a small data sample drawn from a mixture of $ k $ product distributions . we are interested in the case that individual features are of low average quality $\ gamma $, and we want to use as few of them as possible to correctly partition the sample . we analyze a spectral technique that is able to approximately optimize the total data size -- the product of number of data points $ n $ and the number of f ←
→ do convnets learn correspondence ? ; convolutional neural nets ( convnets ) trained from massive labeled datasets have substantially improved the state - of - the - art in image classification and object detection . however , visual understanding requires establishing correspondence on a finer level than object category . given their large pooling regions and training from whole - image labels , it is not clear that convnets derive their success from an accurate correspondence model which could be used for precise localiz ←
→ understanding alternating minimization for matrix completion ; alternating minimization is a widely used and empirically successful heuristic for matrix completion and related low - rank optimization problems . theoretical guarantees for alternating minimization have been hard to come by and are still poorly understood . this is in part because the heuristic is iterative and non - convex in nature . we give a new algorithm based on alternating minimization that provably recovers an unknown low - rank matrix from a r ←
→ towards a mathematical understanding of the difficulty in learning with feedforward neural networks ; training deep neural networks for solving machine learning problems is one great challenge in the field , mainly due to its associated optimisation problem being highly non - convex . recent developments have suggested that many training algorithms do not suffer from undesired local minima under certain scenario , and consequently led to great efforts in pursuing mathematical explanations for such observations ←
→ personlab : person pose estimation and instance segmentation with a bottom - up , part - based , geometric embedding model ; we present a box - free bottom - up approach for the tasks of pose estimation and instance segmentation of people in multi - person images using an efficient single - shot model . the proposed personlab model tackles both semantic - level reasoning and object - part associations using part - based modeling . our model employs a convolutional network which learns to detect individual keypoints and predict ←
→ near - infrared coloring via a contrast - preserving mapping model ; near - infrared gray images captured together with corresponding visible color images have recently proven useful for image restoration and classification . this paper introduces a new coloring method to add colors to near - infrared gray images based on a contrast - preserving mapping model . a naive coloring method directly adds the colors from the visible color image to the near - infrared gray image ; however , this method results in an unrealistic im ←
→ weighted patterns as a tool for improving the hopfield model ; we generalize the standard hopfield model to the case when a weight is assigned to each input pattern . the weight can be interpreted as the frequency of the pattern occurrence at the input of the network . in the framework of the statistical physics approach we obtain the saddle - point equation allowing us to examine the memory of the network . in the case of unequal weights our model does not lead to the catastrophic destruction of the memory due ←
→ efficiently learning ising models on arbitrary graphs ; we consider the problem of reconstructing the graph underlying an ising model from i . i . d . samples . over the last fifteen years this problem has been of significant interest in the statistics , machine learning , and statistical physics communities , and much of the effort has been directed towards finding algorithms with low computational cost for various restricted classes of models . nevertheless , for learning ising models on general graphs with $ p $ node ←
→ action recognition by hierarchical mid - level action elements ; realistic videos of human actions exhibit rich spatiotemporal structures at multiple levels of granularity : an action can always be decomposed into multiple finer - grained elements in both space and time . to capture this intuition , we propose to represent videos by a hierarchy of mid - level action elements ( maes ), where each mae corresponds to an action - related spatiotemporal segment in the video . we introduce an unsupervised method to generate th ←
→ measuring the reliability of hate speech annotations : the case of the european refugee crisis ; some users of social media are spreading racist , sexist , and otherwise hateful content . for the purpose of training a hate speech detection system , the reliability of the annotations is crucial , but there is no universally agreed - upon definition . we collected potentially hateful messages and asked two groups of internet users to determine whether they were hate speech or not , whether they should be banned or no ←
→ an approach for text steganography based on markov chains ; a text steganography method based on markov chains is introduced , together with a reference implementation . this method allows for information hiding in texts that are automatically generated following a given markov model . other markov - based systems of this kind rely on big simplifications of the language model to work , which produces less natural looking and more easily detectable texts . the method described here is designed to generate texts w ←
→ aggregated residual transformations for deep neural networks ; we present a simple , highly modularized network architecture for image classification . our network is constructed by repeating a building block that aggregates a set of transformations with the same topology . our simple design results in a homogeneous , multi - branch architecture that has only a few hyper - parameters to set . this strategy exposes a new dimension , which we call " cardinality " ( the size of the set of transformations ), as an essential ←
→ sparse deep nonnegative matrix factorization ; nonnegative matrix factorization is a powerful technique to realize dimension reduction and pattern recognition through single - layer data representation learning . deep learning , however , with its carefully designed hierarchical structure , is able to combine hidden features to form more representative features for pattern recognition . in this paper , we proposed sparse deep nonnegative matrix factorization models to analyze complex data for more accurate classifi ←
→ why do urban legends go viral ? ; urban legends are a genre of modern folklore , consisting of stories about rare and exceptional events , just plausible enough to be believed , which tend to propagate inexorably across communities . in our view , while urban legends represent a form of " sticky " deceptive text , they are marked by a tension between the credible and incredible . they should be credible like a news article and incredible like a fairy tale to go viral . in particular we will focus on the idea that urba ←
→ discrete multi - modal hashing with canonical views for robust mobile landmark search ; mobile landmark search ( mls ) recently receives increasing attention for its great practical values . however , it still remains unsolved due to two important challenges . one is high bandwidth consumption of query transmission , and the other is the huge visual variations of query images sent from mobile devices . in this paper , we propose a novel hashing scheme , named as canonical view based discrete multi - modal hashing ( cv -←
→ analysis of dialogical argumentation via finite state machines ; dialogical argumentation is an important cognitive activity by which agents exchange arguments and counterarguments as part of some process such as discussion , debate , persuasion and negotiation . whilst numerous formal systems have been proposed , there is a lack of frameworks for implementing and evaluating these proposals . first - order executable logic has been proposed as a general framework for specifying and analysing dialogical argumentati ←
→ question relevance in vqa : identifying non - visual and false - premise questions ; visual question answering ( vqa ) is the task of answering natural - language questions about images . we introduce the novel problem of determining the relevance of questions to images in vqa . current vqa models do not reason about whether a question is even related to the given image ( e . g . what is the capital of argentina ?) or if it requires information from external resources to answer correctly . this can break the continuity of ←
→ high dimensional bayesian optimization using dropout ; scaling bayesian optimization to high dimensions is challenging task as the global optimization of high - dimensional acquisition function can be expensive and often infeasible . existing methods depend either on limited active variables or the additive form of the objective function . we propose a new method for high - dimensional bayesian optimization , that uses a dropout strategy to optimize only a subset of variables at each iteration . we derive theoretic ←
→ inferring cognitive models from data using approximate bayesian computation ; an important problem for hci researchers is to estimate the parameter values of a cognitive model from behavioral data . this is a difficult problem , because of the substantial complexity and variety in human behavioral strategies . we report an investigation into a new approach using approximate bayesian computation ( abc ) to condition model parameters to data and prior knowledge . as the case study we examine menu interaction , whe ←
→ contextual normalization applied to aircraft gas turbine engine diagnosis ; diagnosing faults in aircraft gas turbine engines is a complex problem . it involves several tasks , including rapid and accurate interpretation of patterns in engine sensor data . we have investigated contextual normalization for the development of a software tool to help engine repair technicians with interpretation of sensor data . contextual normalization is a new strategy for employing machine learning . it handles variation in da ←
→ generating politically - relevant event data ; automatically generated political event data is an important part of the social science data ecosystem . the approaches for generating this data , though , have remained largely the same for two decades . during this time , the field of computational linguistics has progressed tremendously . this paper presents an overview of political event data , including methods and ontologies , and a set of experiments to determine the applicability of deep neural networks to the ex ←
→ an unsupervised approach for automatic activity recognition based on hidden markov model regression ; using supervised machine learning approaches to recognize human activities from on - body wearable accelerometers generally requires a large amount of labelled data . when ground truth information is not available , too expensive , time consuming or difficult to collect , one has to rely on unsupervised approaches . this paper presents a new unsupervised approach for human activity recognition from raw accelerat ←
→ simple random search provides a competitive approach to reinforcement learning ; a common belief in model - free reinforcement learning is that methods based on random search in the parameter space of policies exhibit significantly worse sample complexity than those that explore the space of actions . we dispel such beliefs by introducing a random search method for training static , linear policies for continuous control problems , matching state - of - the - art sample efficiency on the benchmark mujoco locomotion ←
→ mining the web for lexical knowledge to improve keyphrase extraction : learning from labeled and unlabeled data ; keyphrases are useful for a variety of purposes , including summarizing , indexing , labeling , categorizing , clustering , highlighting , browsing , and searching . the task of automatic keyphrase extraction is to select keyphrases from within the text of a given document . automatic keyphrase extraction makes it feasible to generate keyphrases for the huge number of documents that do not have manually ←
→ channel - recurrent autoencoding for image modeling ; despite recent successes in synthesizing faces and bedrooms , existing generative models struggle to capture more complex image types , potentially due to the oversimplification of their latent space constructions . to tackle this issue , building on variational autoencoders ( vaes ), we integrate recurrent connections across channels to both inference and generation steps , allowing the high - level features to be captured in global - to - local , coarse - to - fine manner ←
→ restricted strong convexity implies weak submodularity ; we connect high - dimensional subset selection and submodular maximization . our results extend the work of das and kempe ( 2011 ) from the setting of linear regression to arbitrary objective functions . for greedy feature selection , this connection allows us to obtain strong multiplicative performance bounds on several methods without statistical modeling assumptions . we also derive recovery guarantees of this form under standard assumptions . our work show ←
→ gradually updated neural networks for large - scale image recognition ; depth is one of the keys that make neural networks succeed in the task of large - scale image recognition . the state - of - the - art network architectures usually increase the depths by cascading convolutional layers or building blocks . in this paper , we present an alternative method to increase the depth . our method is by introducing computation orderings to the channels within convolutional layers or blocks , based on which we gradually compute ←
→ language modeling for code - switched data : challenges and approaches ; lately , the problem of code - switching has gained a lot of attention and has emerged as an active area of research . in bilingual communities , the speakers commonly embed the words and phrases of a non - native language into the syntax of a native language in their day - to - day communications . the code - switching is a global phenomenon among multilingual communities , still very limited acoustic and linguistic resources are available as yet . for ←
→ dual memory neural computer for asynchronous two - view sequential learning ; one of the core tasks in multi - view learning is to capture relations among views . for sequential data , the relations not only span across views , but also extend throughout the view length to form long - term intra - view and inter - view interactions . in this paper , we present a new memory augmented neural network model that aims to model these complex interactions between two asynchronous sequential views . our model uses two encoders f ←
→ fast detection of multiple objects in traffic scenes with a common detection framework ; traffic scene perception ( tsp ) aims to real - time extract accurate on - road environment information , which in - volves three phases : detection of objects of interest , recognition of detected objects , and tracking of objects in motion . since recognition and tracking often rely on the results from detection , the ability to detect objects of interest effectively plays a crucial role in tsp . in this paper , we focus on three ←
→ pomdps make better hackers : accounting for uncertainty in penetration testing ; penetration testing is a methodology for assessing network security , by generating and executing possible hacking attacks . doing so automatically allows for regular and systematic testing . a key question is how to generate the attacks . this is naturally formulated as planning under uncertainty , i . e ., under incomplete knowledge about the network configuration . previous work uses classical planning , and requires costly pre - proce ←
→ evolving boxes for fast vehicle detection ; we perform fast vehicle detection from traffic surveillance cameras . a novel deep learning framework , namely evolving boxes , is developed that proposes and refines the object boxes under different feature representations . specifically , our framework is embedded with a light - weight proposal network to generate initial anchor boxes as well as to early discard unlikely regions ; a fine - turning network produces detailed features for these candidate boxes . we show intri ←
→ the choquet integral for the aggregation of interval scales in multicriteria decision making ; this paper addresses the question of which models fit with information concerning the preferences of the decision maker over each attribute , and his preferences about aggregation of criteria ( interacting criteria ). we show that the conditions induced by these information plus some intuitive conditions lead to a unique possible aggregation operator : the choquet integral .←
→ bilevel parameter learning for higher - order total variation regularisation models ; we consider a bilevel optimisation approach for parameter learning in higher - order total variation image reconstruction models . apart from the least squares cost functional , naturally used in bilevel learning , we propose and analyse an alternative cost , based on a huber regularised tv - seminorm . differentiability properties of the solution operator are verified and a first - order optimality system is derived . based on the ad ←
→ parallel mmf : a multiresolution approach to matrix computation ; multiresolution matrix factorization ( mmf ) was recently introduced as a method for finding multiscale structure and defining wavelets on graphs / matrices . in this paper we derive pmmf , a parallel algorithm for computing the mmf factorization . empirically , the running time of pmmf scales linearly in the dimension for sparse matrices . we argue that this makes pmmf a valuable new computational primitive in its own right , and present experiments on ←
→ a novel design specification distance ( dsd ) based k - mean clustering performace evluation on engineering materials database ; organizing data into semantically more meaningful is one of the fundamental modes of understanding and learning . cluster analysis is a formal study of methods for understanding and algorithm for learning . k - mean clustering algorithm is one of the most fundamental and simple clustering algorithms . when there is no prior knowledge about the distribution of data sets , k - mean is the firs ←
→ scenarios : a new representation for complex scene understanding ; the ability for computational agents to reason about the high - level content of real world scene images is important for many applications . existing attempts at addressing the problem of complex scene understanding lack representational power , efficiency , and the ability to create robust meta - knowledge about scenes . in this paper , we introduce scenarios as a new way of representing scenes . the scenario is a simple , low - dimensional , data - driven ←
→ towards better decoding and language model integration in sequence to sequence models ; the recently proposed sequence - to - sequence ( seq2seq ) framework advocates replacing complex data processing pipelines , such as an entire automatic speech recognition system , with a single neural network trained in an end - to - end fashion . in this contribution , we analyse an attention - based seq2seq speech recognition system that directly transcribes recordings into characters . we observe two shortcomings : overconfidence in ←
→ deep representation learning with part loss for person re - identification ; learning discriminative representations for unseen person images is critical for person re - identification ( reid ). most of current approaches learn deep representations in classification tasks , which essentially minimize the empirical classification risk on the training set . as shown in our experiments , such representations commonly focus on several body parts discriminative to the training set , rather than the entire human body . insp ←
→ fingerprint extraction using smartphone camera ; in the previous decade , there has been a considerable rise in the usage of smartphones . due to exorbitant advancement in technology , computational speed and quality of image capturing has increased considerably . with an increase in the need for remote fingerprint verification , smartphones can be used as a powerful alternative for fingerprint authentication instead of conventional optical sensors . in this research , wepropose a technique to capture finger - images ←
→ clustering for improved learning in maze traversal problem ; the maze traversal problem ( finding the shortest distance to the goal from any position in a maze ) has been an interesting challenge in computational intelligence . recent work has shown that the cellular simultaneous recurrent neural network ( csrn ) can solve this problem for simple mazes . this thesis focuses on exploiting relevant information about the maze to improve learning and decrease the training time for the csrn to solve mazes . appropriate ←
→ building end - to - end dialogue systems using generative hierarchical neural network models ; we investigate the task of building open domain , conversational dialogue systems based on large dialogue corpora using generative models . generative models produce system responses that are autonomously generated word - by - word , opening up the possibility for realistic , flexible interactions . in support of this goal , we extend the recently proposed hierarchical recurrent encoder - decoder neural network to the dialogue ←
→ a note on higher order grammar ; both syntax - phonology and syntax - semantics interfaces in higher order grammar ( hog ) are expressed as axiomatic theories in higher - order logic ( hol ), i . e . a language is defined entirely in terms of provability in the single logical system . an important implication of this elegant architecture is that the meaning of a valid expression turns out to be represented not by a single , nor even by a few " discrete " terms ( in case of ambiguity ), but by a " continuous " set of logically e ←
→ distance - based classifier by data transformation for high - dimension , strongly spiked eigenvalue models ; we consider classifiers for high - dimensional data under the strongly spiked eigenvalue ( sse ) model . we first show that high - dimensional data often have the sse model . we consider a distance - based classifier using eigenstructures for the sse model . we apply the noise reduction methodology to estimation of the eigenvalues and eigenvectors in the sse model . we create a new distance - based classifier by tra ←
→ funneled bayesian optimization for design , tuning and control of autonomous systems ; bayesian optimization has become a fundamental global optimization algorithm in many problems where sample efficiency is of paramount importance . recently , there has been proposed a large number of new applications in fields such as robotics , machine learning , experimental design , simulation , etc . in this paper , we focus on several problems that appear in robotics and autonomous systems : algorithm tuning , automatic contr ←
→ a multi - biometrics for twins identification based speech and ear ; the development of technology biometrics becomes crucial more . to define human characteristic biometric systems are used but because of inability of traditional biometric systems to recognize twins , multimodal biometric systems are developed . in this study a multimodal biometric recognition system is proposed to recognize twins from each other and from the other people by using image and speech data . the speech or image data can be enough to ←
→ conditional independence and markov properties in possibility theory ; conditional independence and markov properties are powerful tools allowing expression of multidimensional probability distributions by means of low - dimensional ones . as multidimensional possibilistic models have been studied for several years , the demand for analogous tools in possibility theory seems to be quite natural . this paper is intended to be a promotion of de cooman ' s measure - theoretic approcah to possibility theory , as this app ←
→ counterfactual causality from first principles ? ; in this position paper we discuss three main shortcomings of existing approaches to counterfactual causality from the computer science perspective , and sketch lines of work to try and overcome these issues : ( 1 ) causality definitions should be driven by a set of precisely specified requirements rather than specific examples ; ( 2 ) causality frameworks should support system dynamics ; ( 3 ) causality analysis should have a well - understood behavior in presence of ab ←
→ time hopping technique for faster reinforcement learning in simulations ; this preprint has been withdrawn by the author for revision ←
→ finite first hitting time versus stochastic convergence in particle swarm optimisation ; we reconsider stochastic convergence analyses of particle swarm optimisation , and point out that previously obtained parameter conditions are not always sufficient to guarantee mean square convergence to a local optimum . we show that stagnation can in fact occur for non - trivial configurations in non - optimal parts of the search space , even for simple functions like sphere . the convergence properties of the basic pso ma ←
→ riemannian optimization for skip - gram negative sampling ; skip - gram negative sampling ( sgns ) word embedding model , well known by its implementation in " word2vec " software , is usually optimized by stochastic gradient descent . however , the optimization of sgns objective can be viewed as a problem of searching for a good matrix with the low - rank constraint . the most standard way to solve this type of problems is to apply riemannian optimization framework to optimize the sgns objective over the manifold of requ ←
→ principle of development ; today , science have a powerful tool for the description of reality - the numbers . however , the concept of number was not immediately , lets try to trace the evolution of the concept . the numbers emerged as the need for accurate estimates of the amount in order to permit a comparison of some objects . so if you see to it how many times a day a person uses the numbers and compare , it becomes evident that the comparison is used much more frequently . however , the comparison is not possi ←
→ combining spatial and telemetric features for learning animal movement models ; we introduce a new graphical model for tracking radio - tagged animals and learning their movement patterns . the model provides a principled way to combine radio telemetry data with an arbitrary set of userdefined , spatial features . we describe an efficient stochastic gradient algorithm for fitting model parameters to data and demonstrate its effectiveness via asymptotic analysis and synthetic experiments . we also apply our mode ←
→ time and the prisoner ' s dilemma ; this paper examines the integration of computational complexity into game theoretic models . the example focused on is the prisoner ' s dilemma , repeated for a finite length of time . we show that a minimal bound on the players ' computational ability is sufficient to enable cooperative behavior . in addition , a variant of the repeated prisoner ' s dilemma game is suggested , in which players have the choice of opting out . this modification enriches the game and suggests dominance ←
→ 2 notes on classes with vapnik - chervonenkis dimension 1 ; the vapnik - chervonenkis dimension is a combinatorial parameter that reflects the " complexity " of a set of sets ( a . k . a . concept classes ). it has been introduced by vapnik and chervonenkis in their seminal 1971 paper and has since found many applications , most notably in machine learning theory and in computational geometry . arguably the most influential consequence of the vc analysis is the fundamental theorem of statistical machine learning , stating ←
→ human action recognition without human ; the objective of this paper is to evaluate " human action recognition without human ". motion representation is frequently discussed in human action recognition . we have examined several sophisticated options , such as dense trajectories ( dt ) and the two - stream convolutional neural network ( cnn ). however , some features from the background could be too strong , as shown in some recent studies on human action recognition . therefore , we considered whether a background seque ←
→ magnetic hamiltonian monte carlo ; hamiltonian monte carlo ( hmc ) exploits hamiltonian dynamics to construct efficient proposals for markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ). in this paper , we present a generalization of hmc which exploits \ textit { non - canonical } hamiltonian dynamics . we refer to this algorithm as magnetic hmc , since in 3 dimensions a subset of the dynamics map onto the mechanics of a charged particle coupled to a magnetic field . we establish a theoretical basis for the use of non - canonical hamiltonia ←
→ transfer learning by asymmetric image weighting for segmentation across scanners ; supervised learning has been very successful for automatic segmentation of images from a single scanner . however , several papers report deteriorated performances when using classifiers trained on images from one scanner to segment images from other scanners . we propose a transfer learning classifier that adapts to differences between training and test images . this method uses a weighted ensemble of classifiers trained on in ←
→ self - organized stigmergic document maps : environment as a mechanism for context learning ; social insect societies and more specifically ant colonies , are distributed systems that , in spite of the simplicity of their individuals , present a highly structured social organization . as a result of this organization , ant colonies can accomplish complex tasks that in some cases exceed the individual capabilities of a single ant . the study of ant colonies behavior and of their self - organizing capabilities is of i ←
→ a cookbook for temporal conceptual data modelling with description logics ; we design temporal description logics suitable for reasoning about temporal conceptual data models and investigate their computational complexity . our formalisms are based on dl - lite logics with three types of concept inclusions ( ranging from atomic concept inclusions and disjointness to the full booleans ), as well as cardinality constraints and role inclusions . in the temporal dimension , they capture future and past temporal oper ←
→ a study on unsupervised dictionary learning and feature encoding for action classification ; many efforts have been devoted to develop alternative methods to traditional vector quantization in image domain such as sparse coding and soft - assignment . these approaches can be split into a dictionary learning phase and a feature encoding phase which are often closely connected . in this paper , we investigate the effects of these phases by separating them for video - based action classification . we compare several ←
→ detection and classification of masses in mammographic images in a multi - kernel approach ; according to the world health organization , breast cancer is the main cause of cancer death among adult women in the world . although breast cancer occurs indiscriminately in countries with several degrees of social and economic development , among developing and underdevelopment countries mortality rates are still high , due to low availability of early detection technologies . from the clinical point of view , mammogra ←
→ revisiting perceptron : efficient and label - optimal learning of halfspaces ; it has been a long - standing problem to efficiently learn a halfspace using as few labels as possible in the presence of noise . in this work , we propose an efficient perceptron - based algorithm for actively learning homogeneous halfspaces under the uniform distribution over the unit sphere . under the bounded noise condition ~\ cite { mn06 }, where each label is flipped with probability at most $\ eta < \ frac 1 2 $, our algorithm achieves a ←
→ benchmarking quantum hardware for training of fully visible boltzmann machines ; quantum annealing ( qa ) is a hardware - based heuristic optimization and sampling method applicable to discrete undirected graphical models . while similar to simulated annealing , qa relies on quantum , rather than thermal , effects to explore complex search spaces . for many classes of problems , qa is known to offer computational advantages over simulated annealing . here we report on the ability of recent qa hardware to accelerate ←
→ sketchygan : towards diverse and realistic sketch to image synthesis ; synthesizing realistic images from human drawn sketches is a challenging problem in computer graphics and vision . existing approaches either need exact edge maps , or require a database to retrieve images from . in this work , we propose a novel generative adversarial network ( gan ) approach that synthesizes realistic looking images from 50 categories including motorcycles , horses and couches . we demonstrate a data augmentation technique for ←
→ dynamic multi - objectives optimization with a changing number of objectives ; existing studies on dynamic multi - objective optimization focus on problems with time - dependent objective functions , while the ones with a changing number of objectives have rarely been considered in the literature . instead of changing the shape or position of the pareto - optimal front / set when having time - dependent objective functions , increasing or decreasing the number of objectives usually leads to the expansion or contraction ←
→ a tutorial about random neural networks in supervised learning ; random neural networks ( rnns ) are a class of neural networks ( nns ) that can also be seen as a specific type of queuing network . they have been successfully used in several domains during the last 25 years , as queuing networks to analyze the performance of resource sharing in many engineering areas , as learning tools and in combinatorial optimization , where they are seen as neural systems , and also as models of neurological aspects of living be ←
→ novel methods for activity classification and occupany prediction enabling fine - grained hvac control ; much of the energy consumption in buildings is due to hvac systems , which has motivated several recent studies on making these systems more energy - efficient . occupancy and activity are two important aspects , which need to be correctly estimated for optimal hvac control . however , state - of - the - art methods to estimate occupancy and classify activity require infrastructure and / or wearable sensors which suff ←
→ behavior discovery and alignment of articulated object classes from unstructured video ; we propose an automatic system for organizing the content of a collection of unstructured videos of an articulated object class ( e . g . tiger , horse ). by exploiting the recurring motion patterns of the class across videos , our system : 1 ) identifies its characteristic behaviors ; and 2 ) recovers pixel - to - pixel alignments across different instances . our system can be useful for organizing video collections for indexing and ←
→ subspace support vector data description ; this paper proposes a novel method for solving one - class classification problems . the proposed approach , namely subspace support vector data description , maps the data to a subspace that is optimized for one - class classification . in that feature space , the optimal hypersphere enclosing the target class is then determined . the method iteratively optimizes the data mapping along with data description in order to define a compact class representation in a low - dimensio ←
→ toward a statistical mechanics of four letter words ; we consider words as a network of interacting letters , and approximate the probability distribution of states taken on by this network . despite the intuition that the rules of english spelling are highly combinatorial ( and arbitrary ), we find that maximum entropy models consistent with pairwise correlations among letters provide a surprisingly good approximation to the full statistics of four letter words , capturing ~ 92 % of the multi - information among le ←
→ facial keypoints detection ; detect facial keypoints is a critical element in face recognition . however , there is difficulty to catch keypoints on the face due to complex influences from original images , and there is no guidance to suitable algorithms . in this paper , we study different algorithms that can be applied to locate keyponits . specifically : our framework ( 1 ) prepare the data for further investigation ( 2 ) using pca and lbp to process the data ( 3 ) apply different algorithms to analysis data , including ←
→ imaging around corners with single - pixel detector by computational ghost imaging ; we have designed a single - pixel camera with imaging around corners based on computational ghost imaging . it can obtain the image of an object when the camera cannot look at the object directly . our imaging system explores the fact that a bucket detector in a ghost imaging setup has no spatial resolution capability . a series of experiments have been designed to confirm our predictions . this camera has potential applications ←
→ notes on image annotation ; we are under the illusion that seeing is effortless , but frequently the visual system is lazy and makes us believe that we understand something when in fact we don ' t . labeling a picture forces us to become aware of the difficulties underlying scene understanding . suddenly , the act of seeing is not effortless anymore . we have to make an effort in order to understand parts of the picture that we neglected at first glance . in this report , an expert image annotator relates her expe ←
→ network structure and dynamics , and emergence of robustness by stabilizing selection in an artificial genome ; genetic regulation is a key component in development , but a clear understanding of the structure and dynamics of genetic networks is not yet at hand . in this work we investigate these properties within an artificial genome model originally introduced by reil . we analyze statistical properties of randomly generated genomes both on the sequence - and network level , and show that this model correctly ←
→ emo , love , and god : making sense of urban dictionary , a crowd - sourced online dictionary ; the internet facilitates large - scale collaborative projects . the emergence of web ~ 2 . 0 platforms , where producers and consumers of content unify , has drastically changed the information market . on the one hand , the promise of the " wisdom of the crowd " has inspired successful projects such as wikipedia , which has become the primary source of crowd - based information in many languages . on the other hand , the decentralize ←
→ recognition and translation arabic - french of named entities : case of the sport places ; the recognition of arabic named entities ( ne ) is a problem in different domains of natural language processing ( nlp ) like automatic translation . indeed , ne translation allows the access to multilingual in - formation . this translation doesn ' t always lead to expected result especially when ne contains a person name . for this reason and in order to ameliorate translation , we can transliterate some part of ne . in this conte ←
→ data - efficient policy evaluation through behavior policy search ; we consider the task of evaluating a policy for a markov decision process ( mdp ). the standard unbiased technique for evaluating a policy is to deploy the policy and observe its performance . we show that the data collected from deploying a different policy , commonly called the behavior policy , can be used to produce unbiased estimates with lower mean squared error than this standard technique . we derive an analytic expression for the optimal b ←
→ representations and ensemble methods for dynamic relational classification ; temporal networks are ubiquitous and evolve over time by the addition , deletion , and changing of links , nodes , and attributes . although many relational datasets contain temporal information , the majority of existing techniques in relational learning focus on static snapshots and ignore the temporal dynamics . we propose a framework for discovering temporal representations of relational data to increase the accuracy of statistical ←
→ where you are is who you are : user identification by matching statistics ; most users of online services have unique behavioral or usage patterns . these behavioral patterns can be exploited to identify and track users by using only the observed patterns in the behavior . we study the task of identifying users from statistics of their behavioral patterns . specifically , we focus on the setting in which we are given histograms of users ' data collected during two different experiments . we assume that , in the fir ←
→ lie - x : depth image based articulated object pose estimation , tracking , and action recognition on lie groups ; pose estimation , tracking , and action recognition of articulated objects from depth images are important and challenging problems , which are normally considered separately . in this paper , a unified paradigm based on lie group theory is proposed , which enables us to collectively address these related problems . our approach is also applicable to a wide range of articulated objects . empirically it is ←
→ large - scale classification of structured objects using a crf with deep class embedding ; this paper presents a novel deep learning architecture to classify structured objects in datasets with a large number of visually similar categories . we model sequences of images as linear - chain crfs , and jointly learn the parameters from both local - visual features and neighboring classes . the visual features are computed by convolutional layers , and the class embeddings are learned by factorizing the crf pairwise pot ←
→ stochastic variational inference ; we develop stochastic variational inference , a scalable algorithm for approximating posterior distributions . we develop this technique for a large class of probabilistic models and we demonstrate it with two probabilistic topic models , latent dirichlet allocation and the hierarchical dirichlet process topic model . using stochastic variational inference , we analyze several large collections of documents : 300k articles from nature , 1 . 8m articles from the new york times , and ←
→ syntagma . a linguistic approach to parsing ; syntagma is a rule - based parsing system , structured on two levels : a general parsing engine and a language specific grammar . the parsing engine is a language independent program , while grammar and language specific rules and resources are given as text files , consisting in a list of constituent structuresand a lexical database with word sense related features and constraints . since its theoretical background is principally tesniere ' s elements de syntaxe , syntagma ←
→ quantum perceptron over a field and neural network architecture selection in a quantum computer ; in this work , we propose a quantum neural network named quantum perceptron over a field ( qpf ). quantum computers are not yet a reality and the models and algorithms proposed in this work cannot be simulated in actual ( or classical ) computers . qpf is a direct generalization of a classical perceptron and solves some drawbacks found in previous models of quantum perceptrons . we also present a learning algorithm ←
→ convergence rates of inexact proximal - gradient methods for convex optimization ; we consider the problem of optimizing the sum of a smooth convex function and a non - smooth convex function using proximal - gradient methods , where an error is present in the calculation of the gradient of the smooth term or in the proximity operator with respect to the non - smooth term . we show that both the basic proximal - gradient method and the accelerated proximal - gradient method achieve the same convergence rate as in the e ←
→ stability and generalization of learning algorithms that converge to global optima ; we establish novel generalization bounds for learning algorithms that converge to global minima . we do so by deriving black - box stability results that only depend on the convergence of a learning algorithm and the geometry around the minimizers of the loss function . the results are shown for nonconvex loss functions satisfying the polyak -{\ l } ojasiewicz ( pl ) and the quadratic growth ( qg ) conditions . we further show that th ←
→ logics for the relational syllogistic ; the aristotelian syllogistic cannot account for the validity of many inferences involving relational facts . in this paper , we investigate the prospects for providing a relational syllogistic . we identify several fragments based on ( a ) whether negation is permitted on all nouns , including those in the subject of a sentence ; and ( b ) whether the subject noun phrase may contain a relative clause . the logics we present are extensions of the classical syllogistic , and we pa ←
→ spectral dimensionality reduction for hmms ; hidden markov models ( hmms ) can be accurately approximated using co - occurrence frequencies of pairs and triples of observations by using a fast spectral method in contrast to the usual slow methods like em or gibbs sampling . we provide a new spectral method which significantly reduces the number of model parameters that need to be estimated , and generates a sample complexity that does not depend on the size of the observation vocabulary . we present an elementary ←
→ improved bayesian logistic supervised topic models with data augmentation ; supervised topic models with a logistic likelihood have two issues that potentially limit their practical use : 1 ) response variables are usually over - weighted by document word counts ; and 2 ) existing variational inference methods make strict mean - field assumptions . we address these issues by : 1 ) introducing a regularization constant to better balance the two parts based on an optimization formulation of bayesian inference ; and 2 ) ←
→ new fairness metrics for recommendation that embrace differences ; we study fairness in collaborative - filtering recommender systems , which are sensitive to discrimination that exists in historical data . biased data can lead collaborative filtering methods to make unfair predictions against minority groups of users . we identify the insufficiency of existing fairness metrics and propose four new metrics that address different forms of unfairness . these fairness metrics can be optimized by adding fairness term ←
→ prior knowledge based mutation prioritization towards causal variant finding in rare disease ; how do we determine the mutational effects in exome sequencing data with little or no statistical evidence ? can protein structural information fill in the gap of not having enough statistical evidence ? in this work , we answer the two questions with the goal towards determining pathogenic effects of rare variants in rare disease . we take the approach of determining the importance of point mutation loci focusing o ←
→ on nonlinear dimensionality reduction , linear smoothing and autoencoding ; we develop theory for nonlinear dimensionality reduction ( nldr ). a number of nldr methods have been developed , but there is limited understanding of how these methods work and the relationships between them . there is limited basis for using existing nldr theory for deriving new algorithms . we provide a novel framework for analysis of nldr via a connection to the statistical theory of linear smoothers . this allows us to both understan ←
→ chasing the ghosts of ibsen : a computational stylistic analysis of drama in translation ; research into the stylistic properties of translations is an issue which has received some attention in computational stylistics . previous work by rybicki ( 2006 ) on the distinguishing of character idiolects in the work of polish author henryk sienkiewicz and two corresponding english translations using burrow ' s delta method concluded that idiolectal differences could be observed in the source texts and this variation ←
→ poisson inverse problems by the plug - and - play scheme ; the anscombe transform offers an approximate conversion of a poisson random variable into a gaussian one . this transform is important and appealing , as it is easy to compute , and becomes handy in various inverse problems with poisson noise contamination . solution to such problems can be done by first applying the anscombe transform , then applying a gaussian - noise - oriented restoration algorithm of choice , and finally applying an inverse anscombe transfor ←
→ multi - task curriculum transfer deep learning of clothing attributes ; recognising detailed clothing characteristics ( fine - grained attributes ) in unconstrained images of people in - the - wild is a challenging task for computer vision , especially when there is only limited training data from the wild whilst most data available for model learning are captured in well - controlled environments using fashion models ( well lit , no background clutter , frontal view , high - resolution ). in this work , we develop a deep learn ←
→ mixed strategy may outperform pure strategy : an initial study ; in pure strategy meta - heuristics , only one search strategy is applied for all time . in mixed strategy meta - heuristics , each time one search strategy is chosen from a strategy pool with a probability and then is applied . an example is classical genetic algorithms , where either a mutation or crossover operator is chosen with a probability each time . the aim of this paper is to compare the performance between mixed strategy and pure strategy meta -←
→ learning to segment human by watching youtube ; an intuition on human segmentation is that when a human is moving in a video , the video - context ( e . g ., appearance and motion clues ) may potentially infer reasonable mask information for the whole human body . inspired by this , based on popular deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ), we explore a very - weakly supervised learning framework for human segmentation task , where only an imperfect human detector is available along with massive weakly - labeled youtube v ←
→ pu learning for matrix completion ; in this paper , we consider the matrix completion problem when the observations are one - bit measurements of some underlying matrix m , and in particular the observed samples consist only of ones and no zeros . this problem is motivated by modern applications such as recommender systems and social networks where only " likes " or " friendships " are observed . the problem of learning from only positive and unlabeled examples , called pu ( positive - unlabeled ) learning , has been studi ←
→ inferring deterministic causal relations ; we consider two variables that are related to each other by an invertible function . while it has previously been shown that the dependence structure of the noise can provide hints to determine which of the two variables is the cause , we presently show that even in the deterministic ( noise - free ) case , there are asymmetries that can be exploited for causal inference . our method is based on the idea that if the function and the probability density of the cause are cho ←
→ automatic separation of compound figures in scientific articles ; content - based analysis and retrieval of digital images found in scientific articles is often hindered by images consisting of multiple subfigures ( compound figures ). we address this problem by proposing a method to automatically classify and separate compound figures , which consists of two main steps : ( i ) a supervised compound figure classifier ( cfc ) discriminates between compound and non - compound figures using task - specific image features ; a ←
→ time - domain multiscale shape identification in electro - sensing ; this paper presents premier and innovative time - domain multi - scale method for shape identification in electro - sensing using pulse - type signals . the method is based on transform - invariant shape descriptors computed from filtered polarization tensors at multi - scales . the proposed algorithm enjoys a remarkable noise robustness even with far - field measurements at very limited angle of view . it opens a door for pulsed imaging using echolocation and ←
→ approximation complexity of maximum a posteriori inference in sum - product networks ; we discuss the computational complexity of approximating maximum a posteriori inference in sum - product networks . we first show np - hardness in trees of height two by a reduction from maximum independent set ; this implies non - approximability within a sublinear factor . we show that this is a tight bound , as we can find an approximation within a linear factor in networks of height two . we then show that , in trees of height th ←
→ a benchmark and evaluation of non - rigid structure from motion ; non - rigid structure from motion ( nrsfm ), is a long standing and central problem in computer vision , allowing us to obtain 3d information from multiple images when the scene is dynamic . a main issue regarding the further development of this important computer vision topic , is the lack of high quality data sets . we here address this issue by presenting of data set compiled for this purpose , which is made publicly available , and considerably large ←
→ read , tag , and parse all at once , or fully - neural dependency parsing ; we present a dependency parser implemented as a single deep neural network that reads orthographic representations of words and directly generates dependencies and their labels . unlike typical approaches to parsing , the model doesn ' t require part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging of the sentences . with proper regularization and additional supervision achieved with multitask learning we reach state - of - the - art performance on slavic languages from th ←
→ cross - lingual models of word embeddings : an empirical comparison ; despite interest in using cross - lingual knowledge to learn word embeddings for various tasks , a systematic comparison of the possible approaches is lacking in the literature . we perform an extensive evaluation of four popular approaches of inducing cross - lingual embeddings , each requiring a different form of supervision , on four typographically different language pairs . our evaluation setup spans four different tasks , including intrinsic eva ←
→ distributed training of deep neural networks with theoretical analysis : under ssp setting ; we propose a distributed approach to train deep neural networks ( dnns ), which has guaranteed convergence theoretically and great scalability empirically : close to 6 times faster on instance of imagenet data set when run with 6 machines . the proposed scheme is close to optimally scalable in terms of number of machines , and guaranteed to converge to the same optima as the undistributed setting . the convergence and sc ←
→ an empirical comparison of neural architectures for reinforcement learning in partially observable environments ; this paper explores the performance of fitted neural q iteration for reinforcement learning in several partially observable environments , using three recurrent neural network architectures : long short - term memory , gated recurrent unit and mut1 , a recurrent neural architecture evolved from a pool of several thousands candidate architectures . a variant of fitted q iteration , based on advantage v ←
→ a deep memory - based architecture for sequence - to - sequence learning ; we propose deepmemory , a novel deep architecture for sequence - to - sequence learning , which performs the task through a series of nonlinear transformations from the representation of the input sequence ( e . g ., a chinese sentence ) to the final output sequence ( e . g ., translation to english ). inspired by the recently proposed neural turing machine ( graves et al ., 2014 ), we store the intermediate representations in stacked layers of memories , and ←
→ learning scalable deep kernels with recurrent structure ; many applications in speech , robotics , finance , and biology deal with sequential data , where ordering matters and recurrent structures are common . however , this structure cannot be easily captured by standard kernel functions . to model such structure , we propose expressive closed - form kernel functions for gaussian processes . the resulting model , gp - lstm , fully encapsulates the inductive biases of long short - term memory ( lstm ) recurrent networks , whil ←
→ double thompson sampling for dueling bandits ; in this paper , we propose a double thompson sampling ( d - ts ) algorithm for dueling bandit problems . as indicated by its name , d - ts selects both the first and the second candidates according to thompson sampling . specifically , d - ts maintains a posterior distribution for the preference matrix , and chooses the pair of arms for comparison by sampling twice from the posterior distribution . this simple algorithm applies to general copeland dueling bandits , including c ←
→ combining uncertain estimates ; in a real expert system , one may have unreliable , unconfident , conflicting estimates of the value for a particular parameter . it is important for decision making that the information present in this aggregate somehow find its way into use . we cast the problem of representing and combining uncertain estimates as selection of two kinds of functions , one to determine an estimate , the other its uncertainty . the paper includes a long list of properties that such functions should s ←
→ efficient fruit defect detection and glare removal algorithm by anisotropic diffusion and 2d gabor filter ; this paper focuses on fruit defect detection and glare removal using morphological operations , glare removal can be considered as an important preprocessing step as uneven lighting may introduce it in images , which hamper the results produced through segmentation by gabor filters . the problem of glare in images is very pronounced sometimes due to the unusual reflectance from the camera sensor or str ←
→ self - organized criticality and adaptation in discrete dynamical networks ; it has been proposed that adaptation in complex systems is optimized at the critical boundary between ordered and disordered dynamical regimes . here , we review models of evolving dynamical networks that lead to self - organization of network topology based on a local coupling between a dynamical order parameter and rewiring of network connectivity , with convergence towards criticality in the limit of large network size $ n $. in particul ←
→ incremental reconstruction of urban environments by edge - points delaunay triangulation ; urban reconstruction from a video captured by a surveying vehicle constitutes a core module of automated mapping . when computational power represents a limited resource and , a detailed map is not the primary goal , the reconstruction can be performed incrementally , from a monocular video , carving a 3d delaunay triangulation of sparse points ; this allows online incremental mapping for tasks such as traversability analys ←
→ cfgs - 2 - nlu : sequence - to - sequence learning for mapping utterances to semantics and pragmatics ; in this paper , we present a novel approach to natural language understanding that utilizes context - free grammars ( cfgs ) in conjunction with sequence - to - sequence ( seq2seq ) deep learning . specifically , we take a cfg authored to generate dialogue for our target application for nlu , a videogame , and train a long short - term memory ( lstm ) recurrent neural network ( rnn ) to map the surface utterances that it produces to ←
→ differentially private algorithms for empirical machine learning ; an important use of private data is to build machine learning classifiers . while there is a burgeoning literature on differentially private classification algorithms , we find that they are not practical in real applications due to two reasons . first , existing differentially private classifiers provide poor accuracy on real world datasets . second , there is no known differentially private algorithm for empirically evaluating the private classi ←
→ graph - based approaches to clustering network - constrained trajectory data ; even though clustering trajectory data attracted considerable attention in the last few years , most of prior work assumed that moving objects can move freely in an euclidean space and did not consider the eventual presence of an underlying road network and its influence on evaluating the similarity between trajectories . in this paper , we present two approaches to clustering network - constrained trajectory data . the first approach disc ←
→ truncated variational em for semi - supervised neural simpletrons ; inference and learning for probabilistic generative networks is often very challenging and typically prevents scalability to as large networks as used for deep discriminative approaches . to obtain efficiently trainable , large - scale and well performing generative networks for semi - supervised learning , we here combine two recent developments : a neural network reformulation of hierarchical poisson mixtures ( neural simpletrons ), and a novel trunc ←
→ from deterministic odes to dynamic structural causal models ; we show how , under certain conditions , the asymptotic behaviour of an ordinary differential equation under non - constant interventions can be modelled using dynamic structural causal models . in contrast to earlier work , we study not only the effect of interventions on equilibrium states ; rather , we model asymptotic behaviour that is dynamic under interventions that vary in time , and include as a special case the study of static equilibria .←
→ an efficient algorithm for video super - resolution based on a sequential model ; in this work , we propose a novel procedure for video super - resolution , that is the recovery of a sequence of high - resolution images from its low - resolution counterpart . our approach is based on a " sequential " model ( i . e ., each high - resolution frame is supposed to be a displaced version of the preceding one ) and considers the use of sparsity - enforcing priors . both the recovery of the high - resolution images and the motion fields ←
→ sparse coding on stereo video for object detection ; deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnn ) require millions of labeled training examples for image classification and object detection tasks , which restrict these models to domains where such datasets are available . in this paper , we explore the use of unsupervised sparse coding applied to stereo - video data to help alleviate the need for large amounts of labeled data . we show that replacing a typical supervised convolutional layer with an unsupervised spar ←
→ memory search and sense from shallow hierarchies ; this paper describes an automatic process for combining patterns and features , to guide a search process and reason about it . it is based on the functionality that a human brain might have , which is a highly distributed network of simple neuronal components that can apply some level of matching and cross - referencing over retrieved patterns . the process uses memory in a more dynamic way and it can realise results using a shallow hierarchy , which is a recogni ←
→ tree exploration for bayesian rl exploration ; research in reinforcement learning has produced algorithms for optimal decision making under uncertainty that fall within two main types . the first employs a bayesian framework , where optimality improves with increased computational time . this is because the resulting planning task takes the form of a dynamic programming problem on a belief tree with an infinite number of states . the second type employs relatively simple algorithm which are shown to suffer smal ←
→ a biomimetic model of the outer plexiform layer by incorporating memristive devices ; in this paper we present a biorealistic model for the first part of the early vision processing by incorporating memristive nanodevices . the architecture of the proposed network is based on the organisation and functioning of the outer plexiform layer ( opl ) in the vertebrate retina . we demonstrate that memristive devices are indeed a valuable building block for neuromorphic architectures , as their highly non - linear and a ←
→ structured sparsity via alternating direction methods ; we consider a class of sparse learning problems in high dimensional feature space regularized by a structured sparsity - inducing norm which incorporates prior knowledge of the group structure of the features . such problems often pose a considerable challenge to optimization algorithms due to the non - smoothness and non - separability of the regularization term . in this paper , we focus on two commonly adopted sparsity - inducing regularization terms , the over ←
→ class vectors : embedding representation of document classes ; distributed representations of words and paragraphs as semantic embeddings in high dimensional data are used across a number of natural language understanding tasks such as retrieval , translation , and classification . in this work , we propose " class vectors " - a framework for learning a vector per class in the same embedding space as the word and paragraph embeddings . similarity between these class vectors and word vectors are used as features to ←
→ on fast dropout and its applicability to recurrent networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are rich models for the processing of sequential data . recent work on advancing the state of the art has been focused on the optimization or modelling of rnns , mostly motivated by adressing the problems of the vanishing and exploding gradients . the control of overfitting has seen considerably less attention . this paper contributes to that by analyzing fast dropout , a recent regularization method for generalized li ←
→ distillation as a defense to adversarial perturbations against deep neural networks ; deep learning algorithms have been shown to perform extremely well on many classical machine learning problems . however , recent studies have shown that deep learning , like other machine learning techniques , is vulnerable to adversarial samples : inputs crafted to force a deep neural network ( dnn ) to provide adversary - selected outputs . such attacks can seriously undermine the security of the system supported by the dnn , so ←
→ inside - outside estimation meets dynamic em ; we briefly review the inside - outside and em algorithm for probabilistic context - free grammars . as a result , we formally prove that inside - outside estimation is a dynamic - programming variant of em . this is interesting in its own right , but even more when considered in a theoretical context since the well - known convergence behavior of inside - outside estimation has been confirmed by many experiments but apparently has never been formally proved . however , being a ver ←
→ herding generalizes diverse m - best solutions ; we show that the algorithm to extract diverse m - solutions from a conditional random field ( called divmbest [ 1 ]) takes exactly the form of a herding procedure [ 2 ], i . e . a deterministic dynamical system that produces a sequence of hypotheses that respect a set of observed moment constraints . this generalization enables us to invoke properties of herding that show that divmbest enforces implausible constraints which may yield wrong assumptions for some problem s ←
→ simultaneous bayesian inference of motion velocity fields and probabilistic models in successive video - frames described by spatio - temporal mrfs ; we numerically investigate a mean - field bayesian approach with the assistance of the markov chain monte carlo method to estimate motion velocity fields and probabilistic models simultaneously in consecutive digital images described by spatio - temporal markov random fields . preliminary to construction of our procedure , we find that mean - field variables in the it ←
→ a role of constraint in self - organization ; in this paper we introduce a neural network model of self - organization . this model uses a variation of hebb rule for updating its synaptic weights , and surely converges to the equilibrium status . the key point of the convergence is the update rule that constrains the total synaptic weight and this seems to make the model stable . we investigate the role of the constraint and show that it is the constraint that makes the model stable . for analyzing this setting , we ←
→ evolutionary design of numerical methods : generating finite difference and integration schemes by differential evolution ; classical and new numerical schemes are generated using evolutionary computing . differential evolution is used to find the coefficients of finite difference approximations of function derivatives , and of single and multi - step integration methods . the coefficients are reverse engineered based on samples from a target function and its derivative used for training . the runge - kutta scheme ←
→ combining knowledge sources to reorder n - best speech hypothesis lists ; a simple and general method is described that can combine different knowledge sources to reorder n - best lists of hypotheses produced by a speech recognizer . the method is automatically trainable , acquiring information from both positive and negative examples . experiments are described in which it was tested on a 1000 - utterance sample of unseen atis data .←
→ content - based image retrieval using multiresolution analysis of shape - based classified images ; content - based image retrieval ( cbir ) systems have been widely used for a wide range of applications such as art collections , crime prevention and intellectual property . in this paper , a novel cbir system , which utilizes visual contents ( color , texture and shape ) of an image to retrieve images , is proposed . the proposed system builds three feature vectors and stores them into mysql database . the first feature ve ←
→ online learnability of statistical relational learning in anomaly detection ; statistical relational learning ( srl ) methods for anomaly detection are introduced via a security - related application . operational requirements for online learning stability are outlined and compared to mathematical definitions as applied to the learning process of a representative srl method - bayesian logic programs ( blp ). since a formal proof of online stability appears to be impossible , tentative common sense requirements ar ←
→ problem - focused incremental elicitation of multi - attribute utility models ; decision theory has become widely accepted in the ai community as a useful framework for planning and decision making . applying the framework typically requires elicitation of some form of probability and utility information . while much work in ai has focused on providing representations and tools for elicitation of probabilities , relatively little work has addressed the elicitation of utility models . this imbalance is not particu ←
→ joint demosaicing and denoising with perceptual optimization on a generative adversarial network ; image demosaicing - one of the most important early stages in digital camera pipelines - addressed the problem of reconstructing a full - resolution image from so - called color - filter - arrays . despite tremendous progress made in the pase decade , a fundamental issue that remains to be addressed is how to assure the visual quality of reconstructed images especially in the presence of noise corruption . inspired by ←
→ fast and efficient calculations of structural invariants of chirality ; chirality plays an important role in physics , chemistry , biology , and other fields . it describes an essential symmetry in structure . however , chirality invariants are usually complicated in expression or difficult to evaluate . in this paper , we present five general three - dimensional chirality invariants based on the generating functions . and the five chiral invariants have four characteristics :( 1 ) they play an important role in the dete ←
→ use of dempster - shafer conflict metric to detect interpretation inconsistency ; a model of the world built from sensor data may be incorrect even if the sensors are functioning correctly . possible causes include the use of inappropriate sensors ( e . g . a laser looking through glass walls ), sensor inaccuracies accumulate ( e . g . localization errors ), the a priori models are wrong , or the internal representation does not match the world ( e . g . a static occupancy grid used with dynamically moving objects ). we are ←
→ refined error bounds for several learning algorithms ; this article studies the achievable guarantees on the error rates of certain learning algorithms , with particular focus on refining logarithmic factors . many of the results are based on a general technique for obtaining bounds on the error rates of sample - consistent classifiers with monotonic error regions , in the realizable case . we prove bounds of this type expressed in terms of either the vc dimension or the sample compression size . this general tech ←
→ an agent - based model of the cognitive mechanisms underlying the origins of creative cultural evolution ; human culture is uniquely cumulative and open - ended . using a computational model of cultural evolution in which neural network based agents evolve ideas for actions through invention and imitation , we tested the hypothesis that this is due to the capacity for recursive recall . we compared runs in which agents were limited to single - step actions to runs in which they used recursive recall to chain simpl ←
→ the role of conditional independence in the evolution of intelligent systems ; systems are typically made from simple components regardless of their complexity . while the function of each part is easily understood , higher order functions are emergent properties and are notoriously difficult to explain . in networked systems , both digital and biological , each component receives inputs , performs a simple computation , and creates an output . when these components have multiple outputs , we intuitively assume th ←
→ a multivariate discretization method for learning bayesian networks from mixed data ; in this paper we address the problem of discretization in the context of learning bayesian networks ( bns ) from data containing both continuous and discrete variables . we describe a new technique for < em > multivariate </ em > discretization , whereby each continuous variable is discretized while taking into account its interaction with the other variables . the technique is based on the use of a bayesian scoring metric that sco ←
→ social scene understanding : end - to - end multi - person action localization and collective activity recognition ; we present a unified framework for understanding human social behaviors in raw image sequences . our model jointly detects multiple individuals , infers their social actions , and estimates the collective actions with a single feed - forward pass through a neural network . we propose a single architecture that does not rely on external detection algorithms but rather is trained end - to - end to generate de ←
→ mmse estimation for poisson noise removal in images ; poisson noise suppression is an important preprocessing step in several applications , such as medical imaging , microscopy , and astronomical imaging . in this work , we propose a novel patch - wise poisson noise removal strategy , in which the mmse estimator is utilized in order to produce the denoising result for each image patch . fast and accurate computation of the mmse estimator is carried out using k - d tree search followed by search in the k - nearest neigh ←
→ online learning in discrete hidden markov models ; we present and analyse three online algorithms for learning in discrete hidden markov models ( hmms ) and compare them with the baldi - chauvin algorithm . using the kullback - leibler divergence as a measure of generalisation error we draw learning curves in simplified situations . the performance for learning drifting concepts of one of the presented algorithms is analysed and compared with the baldi - chauvin algorithm in the same situations . a brief discussion ab ←
→ unsupervised end - to - end learning for deformable medical image registration ; we propose a registration algorithm for 2d ct / mri medical images with a new unsupervised end - to - end strategy using convolutional neural networks . the contributions of our algorithm are threefold : ( 1 ) we transplant traditional image registration algorithms to an end - to - end convolutional neural network framework , while maintaining the unsupervised nature of image registration problems . the image - to - image integrated framework can si ←
→ effective use of bidirectional language modeling for medical named entity recognition ; biomedical named entity recognition ( ner ) is a fundamental task in text mining of medical documents and has a lot of applications . existing approaches for ner require manual feature engineering in order to represent words and its corresponding contextual information . deep learning based approaches have been gaining increasing attention in recent years as their weight parameters can be learned end - to - end without the nee ←
→ a performance evaluation of local features for image based 3d reconstruction ; this paper performs a comprehensive and comparative evaluation of the state of the art local features for the task of image based 3d reconstruction . the evaluated local features cover the recently developed ones by using powerful machine learning techniques and the elaborately designed handcrafted features . to obtain a comprehensive evaluation , we choose to include both float type features and binary ones . meanwhile , two kinds ←
→ proceedings of the pacific knowledge acquisition workshop 2004 ; artificial intelligence ( ai ) research has evolved over the last few decades and knowledge acquisition research is at the core of ai research . pkaw - 04 is one of three international knowledge acquisition workshops held in the pacific - rim , canada and europe over the last two decades . pkaw - 04 has a strong emphasis on incremental knowledge acquisition , machine learning , neural nets and active mining . the proceedings contain 19 papers that were se ←
→ continuous markov random fields for robust stereo estimation ; in this paper we present a novel slanted - plane mrf model which reasons jointly about occlusion boundaries as well as depth . we formulate the problem as the one of inference in a hybrid mrf composed of both continuous ( i . e ., slanted 3d planes ) and discrete ( i . e ., occlusion boundaries ) random variables . this allows us to define potentials encoding the ownership of the pixels that compose the boundary between segments , as well as potentials encodin ←
→ 3d tracking of water hazards with polarized stereo cameras ; current self - driving car systems operate well in sunny weather but struggle in adverse conditions . one of the most commonly encountered adverse conditions involves water on the road caused by rain , sleet , melting snow or flooding . while some advances have been made in using conventional rgb camera and lidar technology for detecting water hazards , other sources of information such as polarization offer a promising and potentially superior approach ←
→ towards dropout training for convolutional neural networks ; recently , dropout has seen increasing use in deep learning . for deep convolutional neural networks , dropout is known to work well in fully - connected layers . however , its effect in convolutional and pooling layers is still not clear . this paper demonstrates that max - pooling dropout is equivalent to randomly picking activation based on a multinomial distribution at training time . in light of this insight , we advocate employing our proposed probabili ←
→ a multistage stochastic programming approach to the dynamic and stochastic vrptw - extended version ; we consider a dynamic vehicle routing problem with time windows and stochastic customers ( ds - vrptw ), such that customers may request for services as vehicles have already started their tours . to solve this problem , the goal is to provide a decision rule for choosing , at each time step , the next action to perform in light of known requests and probabilistic knowledge on requests likelihood . we introduce a ←
→ motif - based rule discovery for predicting real - valued time series ; time series prediction is of great significance in many applications and has attracted extensive attention from the data mining community . existing work suggests that for many problems , the shape in the current time series may correlate an upcoming shape in the same or another series . therefore , it is a promising strategy to associate two recurring patterns as a rule ' s antecedent and consequent : the occurrence of the antecedent can foretell ←
→ inferring taxi status using gps trajectories ; in this paper , we infer the statuses of a taxi , consisting of occupied , non - occupied and parked , in terms of its gps trajectory . the status information can enable urban computing for improving a city ' s transportation systems and land use planning . in our solution , we first identify and extract a set of effective features incorporating the knowledge of a single trajectory , historical trajectories and geographic data like road network . second , a parking status de ←
→ on the success rate of crossover operators for genetic programming with offspring selection ; genetic programming is a powerful heuristic search technique that is used for a number of real world applications to solve among others regression , classification , and time - series forecasting problems . a lot of progress towards a theoretic description of genetic programming in form of schema theorems has been made , but the internal dynamics and success factors of genetic programming are still not fully understood ←
→ clustered bandits ; we consider a multi - armed bandit setting that is inspired by real - world applications in e - commerce . in our setting , there are a few types of users , each with a specific response to the different arms . when a user enters the system , his type is unknown to the decision maker . the decision maker can either treat each user separately ignoring the previously observed users , or can attempt to take advantage of knowing that only few types exist and cluster the users according to their response ←
→ multi - task spatiotemporal neural networks for structured surface reconstruction ; deep learning methods have surpassed the performance of traditional techniques on a wide range of problems in computer vision , but nearly all of this work has studied consumer photos , where precisely correct output is often not critical . it is less clear how well these techniques may apply on structured prediction problems where fine - grained output with high precision is required , such as in scientific imaging domains . here ←
→ comment on " clustering by fast search and find of density peaks " ; in [ 1 ], a clustering algorithm was given to find the centers of clusters quickly . however , the accuracy of this algorithm heavily depend on the threshold value of d - c . furthermore , [ 1 ] has not provided any efficient way to select the threshold value of d - c , that is , one can have to estimate the value of d_c depend on one ' s subjective experience . in this paper , based on the data field [ 2 ], we propose a new way to automatically extract the thr ←
→ a benchmark environment motivated by industrial control problems ; in the research area of reinforcement learning ( rl ), frequently novel and promising methods are developed and introduced to the rl community . however , although many researchers are keen to apply their methods on real - world problems , implementing such methods in real industry environments often is a frustrating and tedious process . generally , academic research groups have only limited access to real industrial data and applications . for this ←
→ forest floor visualizations of random forests ; we propose a novel methodology , forest floor , to visualize and interpret random forest ( rf ) models . rf is a popular and useful tool for non - linear multi - variate classification and regression , which yields a good trade - off between robustness ( low variance ) and adaptiveness ( low bias ). direct interpretation of a rf model is difficult , as the explicit ensemble model of hundreds of deep trees is complex . nonetheless , it is possible to visualize a rf model fit by i ←
→ multinomial loss on held - out data for the sparse non - negative matrix language model ; we describe sparse non - negative matrix ( snm ) language model estimation using multinomial loss on held - out data . being able to train on held - out data is important in practical situations where the training data is usually mismatched from the held - out / test data . it is also less constrained than the previous training algorithm using leave - one - out on training data : it allows the use of richer meta - features in the adjustmen ←
→ learning implicitly in reasoning in pac - semantics ; we consider the problem of answering queries about formulas of propositional logic based on background knowledge partially represented explicitly as other formulas , and partially represented as partially obscured examples independently drawn from a fixed probability distribution , where the queries are answered with respect to a weaker semantics than usual -- pac - semantics , introduced by valiant ( 2000 ) -- that is defined using the distribution of examples . ←
→ randomized low - rank dynamic mode decomposition for motion detection ; this paper introduces a fast algorithm for randomized computation of a low - rank dynamic mode decomposition ( dmd ) of a matrix . here we consider this matrix to represent the development of a spatial grid through time e . g . data from a static video source . dmd was originally introduced in the fluid mechanics community , but is also suitable for motion detection in video streams and its use for background subtraction has received little previou ←
→ compact relaxations for map inference in pairwise mrfs with piecewise linear priors ; label assignment problems with large state spaces are important tasks especially in computer vision . often the pairwise interaction ( or smoothness prior ) between labels assigned at adjacent nodes ( or pixels ) can be described as a function of the label difference . exact inference in such labeling tasks is still difficult , and therefore approximate inference methods based on a linear programming ( lp ) relaxation are commonl ←
→ region - based multiscale spatiotemporal saliency for video ; detecting salient objects from a video requires exploiting both spatial and temporal knowledge included in the video . we propose a novel region - based multiscale spatiotemporal saliency detection method for videos , where static features and dynamic features computed from the low and middle levels are combined together . our method utilizes such combined features spatially over each frame and , at the same time , temporally across frames using consisten ←
→ statistical latent space approach for mixed data modelling and applications ; the analysis of mixed data has been raising challenges in statistics and machine learning . one of two most prominent challenges is to develop new statistical techniques and methodologies to effectively handle mixed data by making the data less heterogeneous with minimum loss of information . the other challenge is that such methods must be able to apply in large - scale tasks when dealing with huge amount of mixed data . to tackle t ←
→ online gradient descent in function space ; in many problems in machine learning and operations research , we need to optimize a function whose input is a random variable or a probability density function , i . e . to solve optimization problems in an infinite dimensional space . on the other hand , online learning has the advantage of dealing with streaming examples , and better model a changing environ - ment . in this paper , we extend the celebrated online gradient descent algorithm to hilbert spaces ( function spa ←
→ taming the relu with parallel dither in a deep neural network ; rectified linear units ( relu ) seem to have displaced traditional ' smooth ' nonlinearities as activation - function - du - jour in many - but not all - deep neural network ( dnn ) applications . however , nobody seems to know why . in this article , we argue that relu are useful because they are ideal demodulators - this helps them perform fast abstract learning . however , this fast learning comes at the expense of serious nonlinear distortion products - deco ←
→ learning spherical convolution for fast features from 360 ° imagery ; while 360 {\ deg } cameras offer tremendous new possibilities in vision , graphics , and augmented reality , the spherical images they produce make core feature extraction non - trivial . convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) trained on images from perspective cameras yield " flat " filters , yet 360 {\ deg } images cannot be projected to a single plane without significant distortion . a naive solution that repeatedly projects the viewing sphere to all tan ←
→ information directed sampling for stochastic bandits with graph feedback ; we consider stochastic multi - armed bandit problems with graph feedback , where the decision maker is allowed to observe the neighboring actions of the chosen action . we allow the graph structure to vary with time and consider both deterministic and erd \ h { o } s - r \' enyi random graph models . for such a graph feedback model , we first present a novel analysis of thompson sampling that leads to tighter performance bound than existing work . ne ←
→ bayesian network structure learning with integer programming : polytopes , facets , and complexity ; the challenging task of learning structures of probabilistic graphical models is an important problem within modern ai research . recent years have witnessed several major algorithmic advances in structure learning for bayesian networks --- arguably the most central class of graphical models --- especially in what is known as the score - based setting . a successful generic approach to optimal bayesian network struct ←
→ a feature - based model for nested named - entity recognition at vlsp - 2018 ner evaluation campaign ; in this report , we describe our participant named - entity recognition system at vlsp 2018 evaluation campaign . we formalized the task as a sequence labeling problem using bio encoding scheme . we applied a feature - based model which combines word , word - shape features , brown - cluster - based features , and word - embedding - based features . we compare several methods to deal with nested entities in the dataset . we showed ←
→ accurate merging of images for predictive analysis using combined image ; several scientific and engineering applications require merging of sampled images for complex perception development . in most cases , for such requirements , images are merged at intensity level . even though it gives fairly good perception of combined scenario of objects and scenes , it is found that they are not sufficient enough to analyze certain engineering cases . the main problem is incoherent modulation of intensity arising out of ←
→ a unified approach for learning the parameters of sum - product networks ; we present a unified approach for learning the parameters of sum - product networks ( spns ). we prove that any complete and decomposable spn is equivalent to a mixture of trees where each tree corresponds to a product of univariate distributions . based on the mixture model perspective , we characterize the objective function when learning spns based on the maximum likelihood estimation ( mle ) principle and show that the optimization problem ←
→ distributed learning with infinitely many hypotheses ; we consider a distributed learning setup where a network of agents sequentially access realizations of a set of random variables with unknown distributions . the network objective is to find a parametrized distribution that best describes their joint observations in the sense of the kullback - leibler divergence . apart from recent efforts in the literature , we analyze the case of countably many hypotheses and the case of a continuum of hypotheses . we provi ←
→ stochastic deep learning in memristive networks ; we study the performance of stochastically trained deep neural networks ( dnns ) whose synaptic weights are implemented using emerging memristive devices that exhibit limited dynamic range , resolution , and variability in their programming characteristics . we show that a key device parameter to optimize the learning efficiency of dnns is the variability in its programming characteristics . dnns with such memristive synapses , even with dynamic range as low as $ 15 ←
→ a multimodal , full - surround vehicular testbed for naturalistic studies and benchmarking : design , calibration and deployment ; recent progress in autonomous and semi - autonomous driving has been made possible in part through an assortment of sensors that provide the intelligent agent with an enhanced perception of its surroundings . it has been clear for quite some while now that for intelligent vehicles to function effectively in all situations and conditions , a fusion of different sensor technologies is es ←
→ bandits with concave rewards and convex knapsacks ; in this paper , we consider a very general model for exploration - exploitation tradeoff which allows arbitrary concave rewards and convex constraints on the decisions across time , in addition to the customary limitation on the time horizon . this model subsumes the classic multi - armed bandit ( mab ) model , and the bandits with knapsacks ( bwk ) model of badanidiyuru et al .[ 2013 ]. we also consider an extension of this model to allow linear contexts , similar to the ←
→ variational bi - lstms ; recurrent neural networks like long short - term memory ( lstm ) are important architectures for sequential prediction tasks . lstms ( and rnns in general ) model sequences along the forward time direction . bidirectional lstms ( bi - lstms ) on the other hand model sequences along both forward and backward directions and are generally known to perform better at such tasks because they capture a richer representation of the data . in the training of bi - lstms , the forward and backward paths are lea ←
→ what words do we use to lie ?: word choice in deceptive messages ; text messaging is the most widely used form of computer - mediated communication ( cmc ). previous findings have shown that linguistic factors can reliably indicate messages as deceptive . for example , users take longer and use more words to craft deceptive messages than they do truthful messages . existing research has also examined how factors , such as student status and gender , affect rates of deception and word choice in deceptive messages . ho ←
→ numerical atrribute extraction from clinical texts ; this paper describes about information extraction system , which is an extension of the system developed by team hitachi for " disease / disorder template filling " task organized by share / clef ehealth evolution lab 2014 . in this extension module we focus on extraction of numerical attributes and values from discharge summary records and associating correct relation between attributes and values . we solve the problem in two steps . first step is extraction of n ←
→ most ligand - based benchmarks measure overfitting rather than accuracy ; undetected overfitting can occur when there are significant redundancies between training and validation data . we describe ave , a new measure of training - validation redundancy for ligand - based classification problems that accounts for the similarity amongst inactive molecules as well as active . we investigated nine widely - used benchmarks for virtual screening and qsar , and show that the amount of ave bias strongly correlates with the pe ←
→ manifold relevance determination ; in this paper we present a fully bayesian latent variable model which exploits conditional nonlinear ( in )- dependence structures to learn an efficient latent representation . the latent space is factorized to represent shared and private information from multiple views of the data . in contrast to previous approaches , we introduce a relaxation to the discrete segmentation and allow for a " softly " shared latent space . further , bayesian techniques allow us to automatically estim ←
→ a statistical reduced - reference method for color image quality assessment ; although color is a fundamental feature of human visual perception , it has been largely unexplored in the reduced - reference ( rr ) image quality assessment ( iqa ) schemes . in this paper , we propose a natural scene statistic ( nss ) method , which efficiently uses this information . it is based on the statistical deviation between the steerable pyramid coefficients of the reference color image and the degraded one . we propose and analyze ←
→ acoustic feature learning using cross - domain articulatory measurements ; previous work has shown that it is possible to improve speech recognition by learning acoustic features from paired acoustic - articulatory data , for example by using canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) or its deep extensions . one limitation of this prior work is that the learned feature models are difficult to port to new datasets or domains , and articulatory data is not available for most speech corpora . in this work we study the prob ←
→ an automatic algorithm for object recognition and detection based on asift keypoints ; object recognition is an important task in image processing and computer vision . this paper presents a perfect method for object recognition with full boundary detection by combining affine scale invariant feature transform ( asift ) and a region merging algorithm . asift is a fully affine invariant algorithm that means features are invariant to six affine parameters namely translation ( 2 parameters ), zoom , rotation and tw ←
→ formal analysis of htm spatial pooler performance under predefined operation conditions ; this paper introduces mathematical formalism for spatial ( sp ) of hierarchical temporal memory ( htm ) with a spacial consideration for its hardware implementation . performance of htm network and its ability to learn and adjust to a problem at hand is governed by a large set of parameters . most of parameters are codependent which makes creating efficient htm - based solutions challenging . it requires profound knowledge of ←
→ supertagging : introduction , learning , and application ; supertagging is an approach originally developed by bangalore and joshi ( 1999 ) to improve the parsing efficiency . in the beginning , the scholars used small training datasets and somewhat na \" ive smoothing techniques to learn the probability distributions of supertags . since its inception , the applicability of supertags has been explored for tag ( tree - adjoining grammar ) formalism as well as other related yet , different formalisms such as ccg . this artic ←
→ semantic cross - view matching ; matching cross - view images is challenging because the appearance and viewpoints are significantly different . while low - level features based on gradient orientations or filter responses can drastically vary with such changes in viewpoint , semantic information of images however shows an invariant characteristic in this respect . consequently , semantically labeled regions can be used for performing cross - view matching . in this paper , we therefore explore this idea and propose an a ←
→ a multi - signal variant for the gpu - based parallelization of growing self - organizing networks ; among the many possible approaches for the parallelization of self - organizing networks , and in particular of growing self - organizing networks , perhaps the most common one is producing an optimized , parallel implementation of the standard sequential algorithms reported in the literature . in this paper we explore an alternative approach , based on a new algorithm variant specifically designed to match the features ←
→ bilingual terminology extraction using multi - level termhood ; purpose : terminology is the set of technical words or expressions used in specific contexts , which denotes the core concept in a formal discipline and is usually applied in the fields of machine translation , information retrieval , information extraction and text categorization , etc . bilingual terminology extraction plays an important role in the application of bilingual dictionary compilation , bilingual ontology construction , machine translation ←
→ event stream - based process discovery using abstract representations ; the aim of process discovery , originating from the area of process mining , is to discover a process model based on business process execution data . a majority of process discovery techniques relies on an event log as an input . an event log is a static source of historical data capturing the execution of a business process . in this paper we focus on process discovery relying on online streams of business process execution events . learning ←
→ idnet : smartphone - based gait recognition with convolutional neural networks ; here , we present idnet , a user authentication framework from smartphone - acquired motion signals . its goal is to recognize a target user from their way of walking , using the accelerometer and gyroscope ( inertial ) signals provided by a commercial smartphone worn in the front pocket of the user ' s trousers . idnet features several innovations including : i ) a robust and smartphone - orientation - independent walking cycle extraction block ←
→ activity networks with delays an application to toxicity analysis ; andy , activity networks with delays , is a discrete time framework aimed at the qualitative modelling of time - dependent activities . the modular and concise syntax makes andy suitable for an easy and natural modelling of time - dependent biological systems ( i . e ., regulatory pathways ). activities involve entities playing the role of activators , inhibitors or products of biochemical network operation . activities may have given duration , i . e ., th ←
→ motion segmentation by scc on the hopkins 155 database ; we apply the spectral curvature clustering ( scc ) algorithm to a benchmark database of 155 motion sequences , and show that it outperforms all other state - of - the - art methods . the average misclassification rate by scc is 1 . 41 % for sequences having two motions and 4 . 85 % for three motions .←
→ is the bellman residual a bad proxy ? ; this paper aims at theoretically and empirically comparing two standard optimization criteria for reinforcement learning : i ) maximization of the mean value and ii ) minimization of the bellman residual . for that purpose , we place ourselves in the framework of policy search algorithms , that are usually designed to maximize the mean value , and derive a method that minimizes the residual $\| t_ * v_ \ pi - v_ \ pi \| _ { 1 ,\ nu }$ over policies . a theoretical analysis shows how good t ←
→ latent structured ranking ; many latent ( factorized ) models have been proposed for recommendation tasks like collaborative filtering and for ranking tasks like document or image retrieval and annotation . common to all those methods is that during inference the items are scored independently by their similarity to the query in the latent embedding space . the structure of the ranked list ( i . e . considering the set of items returned as a whole ) is not taken into account . this can be a problem because the set of ←
→ learning scale - free networks by dynamic node - specific degree prior ; learning the network structure underlying data is an important problem in machine learning . this paper introduces a novel prior to study the inference of scale - free networks , which are widely used to model social and biological networks . the prior not only favors a desirable global node degree distribution , but also takes into consideration the relative strength of all the possible edges adjacent to the same node and the estimated degree o ←
→ condorcet ' s jury theorem for consensus clustering and its implications for diversity ; condorcet ' s jury theorem has been invoked for ensemble classifiers to indicate that the combination of many classifiers can have better predictive performance than a single classifier . such a theoretical underpinning is unknown for consensus clustering . this article extends condorcet ' s jury theorem to the mean partition approach under the additional assumptions that a unique ground - truth partition exists and sample part ←
→ non - convex projected gradient descent for generalized low - rank tensor regression ; in this paper , we consider the problem of learning high - dimensional tensor regression problems with low - rank structure . one of the core challenges associated with learning high - dimensional models is computation since the underlying optimization problems are often non - convex . while convex relaxations could lead to polynomial - time algorithms they are often slow in practice . on the other hand , limited theoretical guarantees ex ←
→ parallels of human language in the behavior of bottlenose dolphins ; a short review of similarities between dolphins and humans with the help of quantitative linguistics and information theory .←
→ a note on tight lower bound for mnl - bandit assortment selection models ; in this note we prove a tight lower bound for the mnl - bandit assortment selection model that matches the upper bound given in ( agrawal et al ., 2016a , b ) for all parameters , up to logarithmic factors .←
→ structural damage detection using randomized trained neural networks ; a computationally method on damage detection problems in structures was conducted using neural networks . the problem that is considered in this works consists of estimating the existence , location and extent of stiffness reduction in structure which is indicated by the changes of the structural static parameters such as deflection and strain . the neural network was trained to recognize the behaviour of static parameter of the undamaged s ←
→ adjacency - faithfulness and conservative causal inference ; most causal inference algorithms in the literature ( e . g ., pearl ( 2000 ), spirtes et al . ( 2000 ), heckerman et al . ( 1999 )) exploit an assumption usually referred to as the causal faithfulness or stability condition . in this paper , we highlight two components of the condition used in constraint - based algorithms , which we call " adjacency - faithfulness " and " orientation - faithfulness ". we point out that assuming adjacency - faithfulness is true , it is in prin ←
→ creating prototypes for fast classification in dempster - shafer clustering ; we develop a classification method for incoming pieces of evidence in dempster - shafer theory . this methodology is based on previous work with clustering and specification of originally nonspecific evidence . this methodology is here put in order for fast classification of future incoming pieces of evidence by comparing them with prototypes representing the clusters , instead of making a full clustering of all evidence . this method h ←
→ graph distillation for action detection with privileged information ; in this work , we propose a technique that tackles the video understanding problem under a realistic , demanding condition in which we have limited labeled data and partially observed training modalities . common methods such as transfer learning do not take advantage of the rich information from extra modalities potentially available in the source domain dataset . on the other hand , previous work on cross - modality learning only focuses on a ←
→ adaptive learning rule for hardware - based deep neural networks using electronic synapse devices ; in this paper , we propose a learning rule based on a back - propagation ( bp ) algorithm that can be applied to a hardware - based deep neural network ( hw - dnn ) using electronic devices that exhibit discrete and limited conductance characteristics . this adaptive learning rule , which enables forward , backward propagation , as well as weight updates in hardware , is helpful during the implementation of power - efficient a ←
→ importance of image enhancement techniques in color image segmentation : a comprehensive and comparative study ; color image segmentation is a very emerging research topic in the area of color image analysis and pattern recognition . many state - of - the - art algorithms have been developed for this purpose . but , often the segmentation results of these algorithms seem to be suffering from miss - classifications and over - segmentation . the reasons behind these are the degradation of image quality during the acquisit ←
→ clustering time series and the surprising robustness of hmms ; suppose that we are given a time series where consecutive samples are believed to come from a probabilistic source , that the source changes from time to time and that the total number of sources is fixed . our objective is to estimate the distributions of the sources . a standard approach to this problem is to model the data as a hidden markov model ( hmm ). however , since the data often lacks the markov or the stationarity properties of an hmm , one ←
→ a study of cross - domain generative models applied to cartoon series ; we investigate generative adversarial networks ( gans ) to model one particular kind of image : frames from tv cartoons . cartoons are particularly interesting because their visual appearance emphasizes the important semantic information about a scene while abstracting out the less important details , but each cartoon series has a distinctive artistic style that performs this abstraction in different ways . we consider a dataset consisting of i ←
→ levels of integration between low - level reasoning and task planning ; we provide a systematic analysis of levels of integration between discrete high - level reasoning and continuous low - level reasoning to address hybrid planning problems in robotics . we identify four distinct strategies for such an integration : ( i ) low - level checks are done for all possible cases in advance and then this information is used during plan generation , ( ii ) low - level checks are done exactly when they are needed during the search ←
→ a survey on techniques of improving generalization ability of genetic programming solutions ; in the field of empirical modeling using genetic programming ( gp ), it is important to evolve solution with good generalization ability . generalization ability of gp solutions get affected by two important issues : bloat and over - fitting . we surveyed and classified existing literature related to different techniques used by gp research community to deal with these issues . we also point out limitation of these techn ←
→ the exact closest string problem as a constraint satisfaction problem ; we report ( to our knowledge ) the first evaluation of constraint satisfaction as a computational framework for solving closest string problems . we show that careful consideration of symbol occurrences can provide search heuristics that provide several orders of magnitude speedup at and above the optimal distance . we also report ( to our knowledge ) the first analysis and evaluation -- using any technique -- of the computational difficultie ←
→ the cyborg astrobiologist : first field experience ; we present results from the first geological field tests of the ` cyborg astrobiologist ', which is a wearable computer and video camcorder system that we are using to test and train a computer - vision system towards having some of the autonomous decision - making capabilities of a field - geologist and field - astrobiologist . the cyborg astrobiologist platform has thus far been used for testing and development of these algorithms and systems : robotic acquisition o ←
→ censored exploration and the dark pool problem ; we introduce and analyze a natural algorithm for multi - venue exploration from censored data , which is motivated by the dark pool problem of modern quantitative finance . we prove that our algorithm converges in polynomial time to a near - optimal allocation policy ; prior results for similar problems in stochastic inventory control guaranteed only asymptotic convergence and examined variants in which each venue could be treated independently . our analysis bears a ←
→ asymptotic behavior of minimal - exploration allocation policies : almost sure , arbitrarily slow growing regret ; the purpose of this paper is to provide further understanding into the structure of the sequential allocation (" stochastic multi - armed bandit ", or mab ) problem by establishing probability one finite horizon bounds and convergence rates for the sample ( or " pseudo ") regret associated with two simple classes of allocation policies $\ pi $. for any slowly increasing function $ g $, subject to mild regu ←
→ learning protein dynamics with metastable switching systems ; we introduce a machine learning approach for extracting fine - grained representations of protein evolution from molecular dynamics datasets . metastable switching linear dynamical systems extend standard switching models with a physically - inspired stability constraint . this constraint enables the learning of nuanced representations of protein dynamics that closely match physical reality . we derive an em algorithm for learning , where the e - step exte ←
→ single parameter galaxy classification : the principal curve through the multi - dimensional space of galaxy properties ; we propose to describe the variety of galaxies from sdss by using only one affine parameter . to this aim , we build the principal curve ( p - curve ) passing through the spine of the data point cloud , considering the eigenspace derived from principal component analysis of morphological , physical and photometric galaxy properties . thus , galaxies can be labeled , ranked and classified by a single ←
→ hardware and software manual for evolution of oil droplets in a chemo - robotic platform ; this manual outlines a fully automated liquid handling robot to enable physically - embodied evolution within a chemical oil - droplet system . the robot is based upon the reprap3d printer system and makes the droplets by mixing chemicals and then placing them in a petri dish after which they are recorded using a camera and the behaviour of the droplets analysed using image recognition software . this manual accompanies the ←
→ a resource - light method for cross - lingual semantic textual similarity ; recognizing semantically similar sentences or paragraphs across languages is beneficial for many tasks , ranging from cross - lingual information retrieval and plagiarism detection to machine translation . recently proposed methods for predicting cross - lingual semantic similarity of short texts , however , make use of tools and resources ( e . g ., machine translation systems , syntactic parsers or named entity recognition ) that for many languages ←
→ estimating the value of computation in flexible information refinement ; we outline a method to estimate the value of computation for a flexible algorithm using empirical data . to determine a reasonable trade - off between cost and value , we build an empirical model of the value obtained through computation , and apply this model to estimate the value of computation for quite different problems . in particular , we investigate this trade - off for the problem of constructing policies for decision problems represen ←
→ hierarchical adversarially learned inference ; we propose a novel hierarchical generative model with a simple markovian structure and a corresponding inference model . both the generative and inference model are trained using the adversarial learning paradigm . we demonstrate that the hierarchical structure supports the learning of progressively more abstract representations as well as providing semantically meaningful reconstructions with different levels of fidelity . furthermore , we show that minimizing the ←
→ chat detection in an intelligent assistant : combining task - oriented and non - task - oriented spoken dialogue systems ; recently emerged intelligent assistants on smartphones and home electronics ( e . g ., siri and alexa ) can be seen as novel hybrids of domain - specific task - oriented spoken dialogue systems and open - domain non - task - oriented ones . to realize such hybrid dialogue systems , this paper investigates determining whether or not a user is going to have a chat with the system . to address the lack of benchm ←
→ new polynomial classes for logic - based abduction ; we address the problem of propositional logic - based abduction , i . e ., the problem of searching for a best explanation for a given propositional observation according to a given propositional knowledge base . we give a general algorithm , based on the notion of projection ; then we study restrictions over the representations of the knowledge base and of the query , and find new polynomial classes of abduction problems .←
→ possibility as similarity : the semantics of fuzzy logic ; this paper addresses fundamental issues on the nature of the concepts and structures of fuzzy logic , focusing , in particular , on the conceptual and functional differences that exist between probabilistic and possibilistic approaches . a semantic model provides the basic framework to define possibilistic structures and concepts by means of a function that quantifies proximity , closeness , or resemblance between pairs of possible worlds . the resulting mo ←
→ fast supervised discrete hashing and its analysis ; in this paper , we propose a learning - based supervised discrete hashing method . binary hashing is widely used for large - scale image retrieval as well as video and document searches because the compact representation of binary code is essential for data storage and reasonable for query searches using bit - operations . the recently proposed supervised discrete hashing ( sdh ) efficiently solves mixed - integer programming problems by alternating optimization and th ←
→ vime : variational information maximizing exploration ; scalable and effective exploration remains a key challenge in reinforcement learning ( rl ). while there are methods with optimality guarantees in the setting of discrete state and action spaces , these methods cannot be applied in high - dimensional deep rl scenarios . as such , most contemporary rl relies on simple heuristics such as epsilon - greedy exploration or adding gaussian noise to the controls . this paper introduces variational information maximizing ←
→ obstacle avoidance using stereo camera ; in this paper we present a novel method for obstacle avoidance using the stereo camera . the conventional obstacle avoidance methods and their limitations are discussed . a new algorithm is developed for the real - time obstacle avoidance which responds faster to unexpected obstacles . in this approach the depth map is divided into optimized number of regions and the minimum depth at each section is assigned as the depth of that region . a fuzzy controller is designed to c ←
→ semantic - driven generation of hyperlapse from $ 360 ^\ circ $ video ; we present a system for converting a fully panoramic ($ 360 ^\ circ $) video into a normal field - of - view ( nfov ) hyperlapse for an optimal viewing experience . our system exploits visual saliency and semantics to non - uniformly sample in space and time for generating hyperlapses . in addition , users can optionally choose objects of interest for customizing the hyperlapses . we first stabilize an input $ 360 ^\ circ $ video by smoothing the rotation betwee ←
→ observing trends in automated multilingual media analysis ; any large organisation , be it public or private , monitors the media for information to keep abreast of developments in their field of interest , and usually also to become aware of positive or negative opinions expressed towards them . at least for the written media , computer programs have become very efficient at helping the human analysts significantly in their monitoring task by gathering media reports , analysing them , detecting trends and - in so ←
→ contributions of natural ventilation on thermal performance of alternative floor plan designs ; during the earliest phase of architectural design process , practitioners after analyzing the client ' s design program , legal requirements , topographic constraints , and preferences synthesize these requirements into architectural floor plan drawings . design decisions taken in this phase may significantly contribute to the building performance . on account of this reason , it is important to estimate and compare alt ←
→ looking under the hood : tools for diagnosing your question answering engine ; in this paper we analyze two question answering tasks : the trec - 8 question answering task and a set of reading comprehension exams . first , we show that q / a systems perform better when there are multiple answer opportunities per question . next , we analyze common approaches to two subproblems : term overlap for answer sentence identification , and answer typing for short answer extraction . we present general tools for analyzing th ←
→ learning convex bodies is hard ; we show that learning a convex body in $\ rr ^ d $, given random samples from the body , requires $ 2 ^{\ omega (\ sqrt { d /\ eps })}$ samples . by learning a convex body we mean finding a set having at most $\ eps $ relative symmetric difference with the input body . to prove the lower bound we construct a hard to learn family of convex bodies . our construction of this family is very simple and based on error correcting codes .←
→ subspace approximation for approximate nearest neighbor search in nlp ; most natural language processing tasks can be formulated as the approximated nearest neighbor search problem , such as word analogy , document similarity , machine translation . take the question - answering task as an example , given a question as the query , the goal is to search its nearest neighbor in the training dataset as the answer . however , existing methods for approximate nearest neighbor search problem may not perform well owing to t ←
→ long - term evolution of genetic programming populations ; we evolve binary mux - 6 trees for up to 100000 generations evolving some programs with more than a hundred million nodes . our unbounded long - term evolution experiment ltee gp appears not to evolve building blocks but does suggests a limit to bloat . we do see periods of tens even hundreds of generations where the population is 100 percent functionally converged . the distribution of tree sizes is not as predicted by theory .←
→ a $ p $- adic ransac algorithm for stereo vision using hensel lifting ; a $ p $- adic variation of the ran ( dom ) sa ( mple ) c ( onsensus ) method for solving the relative pose problem in stereo vision is developped . from two 2 - adically encoded images a random sample of five pairs of corresponding points is taken , and the equations for the essential matrix are solved by lifting solutions modulo 2 to the 2 - adic integers . a recently devised $ p $- adic hierarchical classification algorithm imitating the known lbg quantisatio ←
→ multi - resolution dual - tree wavelet scattering network for signal classification ; this paper introduces a deep scattering network that utilizes dual - tree complex wavelets to extract translation invariant representations from an input signal . the computationally efficient dual - tree wavelets decompose the input signal into densely spaced representations over scales . translation invariance is introduced in the representations by applying a non - linearity over a region followed by averaging . the discriminatory ←
→ spf - celltracker : tracking multiple cells with strongly - correlated moves using a spatial particle filter ; tracking many cells in time - lapse 3d image sequences is an important challenging task of bioimage informatics . motivated by a study of brain - wide 4d imaging of neural activity in c . elegans , we present a new method of multi - cell tracking . data types to which the method is applicable are characterized as follows : ( i ) cells are imaged as globular - like objects , ( ii ) it is difficult to distinguish cells b ←
→ generative and discriminative voxel modeling with convolutional neural networks ; when working with three - dimensional data , choice of representation is key . we explore voxel - based models , and present evidence for the viability of voxellated representations in applications including shape modeling and object classification . our key contributions are methods for training voxel - based variational autoencoders , a user interface for exploring the latent space learned by the autoencoder , and a deep convolutional ←
→ adverse conditions and asr techniques for robust speech user interface ; the main motivation for automatic speech recognition ( asr ) is efficient interfaces to computers , and for the interfaces to be natural and truly useful , it should provide coverage for a large group of users . the purpose of these tasks is to further improve man - machine communication . asr systems exhibit unacceptable degradations in performance when the acoustical environments used for training and testing the system are not the same . the ←
→ control neuronal por modelo inverso de un servosistema usando algoritmos de aprendizaje levenberg - marquardt y bayesiano ; in this paper we present the experimental results of the neural network control of a servo - system in order to control its speed . the control strategy is implemented by using an inverse - model control based on artificial neural networks ( anns ). the network training was performed using two learning algorithms : levenberg - marquardt and bayesian regularization . we evaluate the generalization ←
→ learning to detect video events from zero or very few video examples ; in this work we deal with the problem of high - level event detection in video . specifically , we study the challenging problems of i ) learning to detect video events from solely a textual description of the event , without using any positive video examples , and ii ) additionally exploiting very few positive training samples together with a small number of `` related '' videos . for learning only from an event ' s textual description , we first ide ←
→ psyphy : a psychophysics driven evaluation framework for visual recognition ; by providing substantial amounts of data and standardized evaluation protocols , datasets in computer vision have helped fuel advances across all areas of visual recognition . but even in light of breakthrough results on recent benchmarks , it is still fair to ask if our recognition algorithms are doing as well as we think they are . the vision sciences at large make use of a very different evaluation regime known as visual psychophy ←
→ learning bayesian networks with local structure ; in this paper we examine a novel addition to the known methods for learning bayesian networks from data that improves the quality of the learned networks . our approach explicitly represents and learns the local structure in the conditional probability tables ( cpts ), that quantify these networks . this increases the space of possible models , enabling the representation of cpts with a variable number of parameters that depends on the learned local structures . t ←
→ complex event recognition from images with few training examples ; we propose to leverage concept - level representations for complex event recognition in photographs given limited training examples . we introduce a novel framework to discover event concept attributes from the web and use that to extract semantic features from images and classify them into social event categories with few training examples . discovered concepts include a variety of objects , scenes , actions and event sub - types , leading to a disc ←
→ epistemology of modeling and simulation : how can we gain knowledge from simulations ? ; epistemology is the branch of philosophy that deals with gaining knowledge . it is closely related to ontology . the branch that deals with questions like " what is real ?" and " what do we know ?" as it provides these components . when using modeling and simulation , we usually imply that we are doing so to either apply knowledge , in particular when we are using them for training and teaching , or that we want to gain new knowl ←
→ an analysis of gene expression data using penalized fuzzy c - means approach ; with the rapid advances of microarray technologies , large amounts of high - dimensional gene expression data are being generated , which poses significant computational challenges . a first step towards addressing this challenge is the use of clustering techniques , which is essential in the data mining process to reveal natural structures and identify interesting patterns in the underlying data . a robust gene expression clustering ap ←
→ global hard thresholding algorithms for joint sparse image representation and denoising ; sparse coding of images is traditionally done by cutting them into small patches and representing each patch individually over some dictionary given a pre - determined number of nonzero coefficients to use for each patch . in lack of a way to effectively distribute a total number ( or global budget ) of nonzero coefficients across all patches , current sparse recovery algorithms distribute the global budget equally across ←
→ integral human pose regression ; state - of - the - art human pose estimation methods are based on heat map representation . in spite of the good performance , the representation has a few issues in nature , such as not differentiable and quantization error . this work shows that a simple integral operation relates and unifies the heat map representation and joint regression , thus avoiding the above issues . it is differentiable , efficient , and compatible with any heat map based methods . its effectiveness is convincin ←
→ holographic graph neuron : a bio - inspired architecture for pattern processing ; this article proposes the use of vector symbolic architectures for implementing hierarchical graph neuron , an architecture for memorizing patterns of generic sensor stimuli . the adoption of a vector symbolic representation ensures a one - layered design for the approach , while maintaining the previously reported properties and performance characteristics of hierarchical graph neuron , and also improving the noise resistance of the ←
→ a decision theoretic approach to targeted advertising ; a simple advertising strategy that can be used to help increase sales of a product is to mail out special offers to selected potential customers . because there is a cost associated with sending each offer , the optimal mailing strategy depends on both the benefit obtained from a purchase and how the offer affects the buying behavior of the customers . in this paper , we describe two methods for partitioning the potential customers into groups , and show ho ←
→ une mesure d ' expertise pour le crowdsourcing ; crowdsourcing , a major economic issue , is the fact that the firm outsources internal task to the crowd . it is a form of digital subcontracting for the general public . the evaluation of the participants work quality is a major issue in crowdsourcing . indeed , contributions must be controlled to ensure the effectiveness and relevance of the campaign . we are particularly interested in small , fast and not automatable tasks . several methods have been proposed to solv ←
→ object boundary detection and classification with image - level labels ; semantic boundary and edge detection aims at simultaneously detecting object edge pixels in images and assigning class labels to them . systematic training of predictors for this task requires the labeling of edges in images which is a particularly tedious task . we propose a novel strategy for solving this task , when pixel - level annotations are not available , performing it in an almost zero - shot manner by relying on conventional whole ima ←
→ transfer learning for endoscopic image classification ; in this paper we propose a method for transfer learning of endoscopic images . for transferring between features obtained from images taken by different ( old and new ) endoscopes , we extend the max - margin domain transfer ( mmdt ) proposed by hoffman et al . in order to use l2 distance constraints as regularization , called max - margin domain transfer with l2 distance constraints ( mmdtl2 ). furthermore , we develop the dual formulation of the optimization proble ←
→ visual relationship detection with internal and external linguistic knowledge distillation ; understanding visual relationships involves identifying the subject , the object , and a predicate relating them . we leverage the strong correlations between the predicate and the ( subj , obj ) pair ( both semantically and spatially ) to predict the predicates conditioned on the subjects and the objects . modeling the three entities jointly more accurately reflects their relationships , but complicates learning since the s ←
→ rank regularization and bayesian inference for tensor completion and extrapolation ; a novel regularizer of the parafac decomposition factors capturing the tensor ' s rank is proposed in this paper , as the key enabler for completion of three - way data arrays with missing entries . set in a bayesian framework , the tensor completion method incorporates prior information to enhance its smoothing and prediction capabilities . this probabilistic approach can naturally accommodate general models for the data distrib ←
→ stochastic dual coordinate descent with bandit sampling ; coordinate descent methods minimize a cost function by updating a single decision variable ( corresponding to one coordinate ) at a time . ideally , one would update the decision variable that yields the largest marginal decrease in the cost function . however , finding this coordinate would require checking all of them , which is not computationally practical . we instead propose a new adaptive method for coordinate descent . first , we define a lower bound o ←
→ training feedforward neural networks with standard logistic activations is feasible ; training feedforward neural networks with standard logistic activations is considered difficult because of the intrinsic properties of these sigmoidal functions . this work aims at showing that these networks can be trained to achieve generalization performance comparable to those based on hyperbolic tangent activations . the solution consists on applying a set of conditions in parameter initialization , which have been der ←
→ novel architecture for 3d model in virtual communities from detected face ; in this research paper we suggest how to extract a face from an image , modify it , characterize it in terms of high - level properties , and apply it to the creation of a personalized avatar . in this research work we tested , we implemented the algorithm on several hundred facial images , including many taken under uncontrolled acquisition conditions , and found to exhibit satisfactory performance for immediate practical use .←
→ multiplicative nonholonomic / newton - like algorithm ; we construct new algorithms from scratch , which use the fourth order cumulant of stochastic variables for the cost function . the multiplicative updating rule here constructed is natural from the homogeneous nature of the lie group and has numerous merits for the rigorous treatment of the dynamics . as one consequence , the second order convergence is shown . for the cost function , functions invariant under the componentwise scaling are choosen . by identifyin ←
→ global optimality of local search for low rank matrix recovery ; we show that there are no spurious local minima in the non - convex factorized parametrization of low - rank matrix recovery from incoherent linear measurements . with noisy measurements we show all local minima are very close to a global optimum . together with a curvature bound at saddle points , this yields a polynomial time global convergence guarantee for stochastic gradient descent {\ em from random initialization }.←
→ modeling loosely annotated images with imagined annotations ; in this paper , we present an approach to learning latent semantic analysis models from loosely annotated images for automatic image annotation and indexing . the given annotation in training images is loose due to : ( 1 ) ambiguous correspondences between visual features and annotated keywords ; ( 2 ) incomplete lists of annotated keywords . the second reason motivates us to enrich the incomplete annotation in a simple way before learning topic models . i ←
→ can spatiotemporal 3d cnns retrace the history of 2d cnns and imagenet ? ; the purpose of this study is to determine whether current video datasets have sufficient data for training very deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) with spatio - temporal three - dimensional ( 3d ) kernels . recently , the performance levels of 3d cnns in the field of action recognition have improved significantly . however , to date , conventional research has only explored relatively shallow3darchitectures . we examine the architectures o ←
→ graphical models for game theory ; in this work , we introduce graphical modelsfor multi - player game theory , and give powerful algorithms for computing their nash equilibria in certain cases . an n - player game is given by an undirected graph on n nodes and a set of n local matrices . the interpretation is that the payoff to player i is determined entirely by the actions of player i and his neighbors in the graph , and thus the payoff matrix to player i is indexed only by these players . we thus view the global n ←
→ joint optic disc and cup segmentation based on multi - label deep network and polar transformation ; glaucoma is a chronic eye disease that leads to irreversible vision loss . the cup to disc ratio ( cdr ) plays an important role in the screening and diagnosis of glaucoma . thus , the accurate and automatic segmentation of optic disc ( od ) and optic cup ( oc ) from fundus images is a fundamental task . most existing methods segment them separately , and rely on hand - crafted visual feature from fundus images . in this ←
→ recursive partitioning for personalization using observational data ; we study the problem of learning to choose from m discrete treatment options ( e . g ., news item or medical drug ) the one with best causal effect for a particular instance ( e . g ., user or patient ) where the training data consists of passive observations of covariates , treatment , and the outcome of the treatment . the standard approach to this problem is regress and compare : split the training data by treatment , fit a regression model in each s ←
→ bayesian boolean matrix factorisation ; boolean matrix factorisation aims to decompose a binary data matrix into an approximate boolean product of two low rank , binary matrices : one containing meaningful patterns , the other quantifying how the observations can be expressed as a combination of these patterns . we introduce the ormachine , a probabilistic generative model for boolean matrix factorisation and derive a metropolised gibbs sampler that facilitates efficient parallel posterior inference . on real wor ←
→ a linear - time kernel goodness - of - fit test ; we propose a novel adaptive test of goodness - of - fit , with computational cost linear in the number of samples . we learn the test features that best indicate the differences between observed samples and a reference model , by minimizing the false negative rate . these features are constructed via stein ' s method , meaning that it is not necessary to compute the normalising constant of the model . we analyse the asymptotic bahadur efficiency of the new test , and prove tha ←
→ s - ohem : stratified online hard example mining for object detection ; one of the major challenges in object detection is to propose detectors with highly accurate localization of objects . the online sampling of high - loss region proposals ( hard examples ) uses the multitask loss with equal weight settings across all loss types ( e . g , classification and localization , rigid and non - rigid categories ) and ignores the influence of different loss distributions throughout the training process , which we find essential ←
→ building large machine reading - comprehension datasets using paragraph vectors ; we present a dual contribution to the task of machine reading - comprehension : a technique for creating large - sized machine - comprehension ( mc ) datasets using paragraph - vector models ; and a novel , hybrid neural - network architecture that combines the representation power of recurrent neural networks with the discriminative power of fully - connected multi - layered networks . we use the mc - dataset generation technique to build a datase ←
→ interacting behavior and emerging complexity ; can we quantify the change of complexity throughout evolutionary processes ? we attempt to address this question through an empirical approach . in very general terms , we simulate two simple organisms on a computer that compete over limited available resources . we implement global rules that determine the interaction between two elementary cellular automata on the same grid . global rules change the complexity of the state evolution output which suggests that some ←
→ medical diagnosis as pattern recognition in a framework of information compression by multiple alignment , unification and search ; this paper describes a novel approach to medical diagnosis based on the sp theory of computing and cognition . the main attractions of this approach are : a format for representing diseases that is simple and intuitive ; an ability to cope with errors and uncertainties in diagnostic information ; the simplicity of storing statistical information as frequencies of occurrence of dis ←
→ a feature - rich vietnamese named - entity recognition model ; in this paper , we present a feature - based named - entity recognition ( ner ) model that achieves the start - of - the - art accuracy for vietnamese language . we combine word , word - shape features , pos , chunk , brown - cluster - based features , and word - embedding - based features in the conditional random fields ( crf ) model . we also explore the effects of word segmentation , pos tagging , and chunking results of many popular vietnamese nlp toolkits on the accuracy of th ←
→ prevalence and recoverability of syntactic parameters in sparse distributed memories ; we propose a new method , based on sparse distributed memory ( kanerva networks ), for studying dependency relations between different syntactic parameters in the principles and parameters model of syntax . we store data of syntactic parameters of world languages in a kanerva network and we check the recoverability of corrupted parameter data from the network . we find that different syntactic parameters have different degre ←
→ on the choice of regions for generalized belief propagation ; generalized belief propagation ( gbp ) has proven to be a promising technique for approximate inference tasks in ai and machine learning . however , the choice of a good set of clusters to be used in gbp has remained more of an art then a science until this day . this paper proposes a sequential approach to adding new clusters of nodes and their interactions ( i . e . " regions ") to the approximation . we first review and analyze the recently introduced reg ←
→ one - class support measure machines for group anomaly detection ; we propose one - class support measure machines ( ocsmms ) for group anomaly detection which aims at recognizing anomalous aggregate behaviors of data points . the ocsmms generalize well - known one - class support vector machines ( ocsvms ) to a space of probability measures . by formulating the problem as quantile estimation on distributions , we can establish an interesting connection to the ocsvms and variable kernel density estimators ( vkdes ) over the ←
→ a convergence and asymptotic analysis of the generalized symmetric fastica algorithm ; this contribution deals with the generalized symmetric fastica algorithm in the domain of independent component analysis ( ica ). the generalized symmetric version of fastica has been shown to have the potential to achieve the cram \' er - rao bound ( crb ) by allowing the usage of different nonlinearity functions in its parallel implementations of one - unit fastica . in spite of this appealing property , a rigorous study of the a ←
→ inferring ground truth from multi - annotator ordinal data : a probabilistic approach ; a popular approach for large scale data annotation tasks is crowdsourcing , wherein each data point is labeled by multiple noisy annotators . we consider the problem of inferring ground truth from noisy ordinal labels obtained from multiple annotators of varying and unknown expertise levels . annotation models for ordinal data have been proposed mostly as extensions of their binary / categorical counterparts and have received ←
→ a non - local conventional approach for noise removal in 3d mri ; in this paper , a filtering approach for the 3d magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) assuming a rician model for noise is addressed . our denoising method is based on the conventional approach ( ca ) proposed to deal with the noise issue in the squared domain of the acquired magnitude mri , where the noise distribution follows a chi - square model rather than the rician one . in the ca filtering method , the local samples around each voxel is used to estima ←
→ black box variational inference for state space models ; latent variable time - series models are among the most heavily used tools from machine learning and applied statistics . these models have the advantage of learning latent structure both from noisy observations and from the temporal ordering in the data , where it is assumed that meaningful correlation structure exists across time . a few highly - structured models , such as the linear dynamical system with linear - gaussian observations , have closed - form infe ←
→ evaluating machine translation performance on chinese idioms with a blacklist method ; idiom translation is a challenging problem in machine translation because the meaning of idioms is non - compositional , and a literal ( word - by - word ) translation is likely to be wrong . in this paper , we focus on evaluating the quality of idiom translation of mt systems . we introduce a new evaluation method based on an idiom - specific blacklist of literal translations , based on the insight that the occurrence of any blacklis ←
→ reviving and improving recurrent back - propagation ; in this paper , we revisit the recurrent back - propagation ( rbp ) algorithm , discuss the conditions under which it applies as well as how to satisfy them in deep neural networks . we show that rbp can be unstable and propose two variants based on conjugate gradient on the normal equations ( cg - rbp ) and neumann series ( neumann - rbp ). we further investigate the relationship between neumann - rbp and back propagation through time ( bptt ) and its truncated version ( tbp ←
→ addressing community question answering in english and arabic ; this paper studies the impact of different types of features applied to learning to re - rank questions in community question answering . we tested our models on two datasets released in semeval - 2016 task 3 on " community question answering ". task 3 targeted real - life web fora both in english and arabic . our models include bag - of - words features ( bow ), syntactic tree kernels ( tks ), rank features , embeddings , and machine translation evaluation featur ←
→ text summarization using abstract meaning representation ; with an ever increasing size of text present on the internet , automatic summary generation remains an important problem for natural language understanding . in this work we explore a novel full - fledged pipeline for text summarization with an intermediate step of abstract meaning representation ( amr ). the pipeline proposed by us first generates an amr graph of an input story , through which it extracts a summary graph and finally , generate summary sent ←
→ modeling uncertain and vague knowledge in possibility and evidence theories ; this paper advocates the usefulness of new theories of uncertainty for the purpose of modeling some facets of uncertain knowledge , especially vagueness , in ai . it can be viewed as a partial reply to cheeseman ' s ( among others ) defense of probability .←
→ real - time 2d / 3d registration via cnn regression ; in this paper , we present a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) regression approach for real - time 2 - d / 3 - d registration . different from optimization - based methods , which iteratively optimize the transformation parameters over a scalar - valued metric function representing the quality of the registration , the proposed method exploits the information embedded in the appearances of the digitally reconstructed radiograph and x - ray images , and employs cnn regressors ←
→ distributional semantics beyond words : supervised learning of analogy and paraphrase ; there have been several efforts to extend distributional semantics beyond individual words , to measure the similarity of word pairs , phrases , and sentences ( briefly , tuples ; ordered sets of words , contiguous or noncontiguous ). one way to extend beyond words is to compare two tuples using a function that combines pairwise similarities between the component words in the tuples . a strength of this approach is that it works ←
→ masked conditional neural networks for audio classification ; we present the conditional neural network ( clnn ) and the masked conditional neural network ( mclnn ) designed for temporal signal recognition . the clnn takes into consideration the temporal nature of the sound signal and the mclnn extends upon the clnn through a binary mask to preserve the spatial locality of the features and allows an automated exploration of the features combination analogous to hand - crafting the most relevant features for the re ←
→ deep filter banks for texture recognition , description , and segmentation ; visual textures have played a key role in image understanding because they convey important semantics of images , and because texture representations that pool local image descriptors in an orderless manner have had a tremendous impact in diverse applications . in this paper we make several contributions to texture understanding . first , instead of focusing on texture instance and material category recognition , we propose a human - interp ←
→ a generalized concept - cognitive learning : a machine learning viewpoint ; concept - cognitive learning ( ccl ) is a hot topic in recent years , and it has attracted much attention from the communities of formal concept analysis , granular computing and cognitive computing . however , the relationship among cognitive computing ( cc ), concept - cognitive computing ( ccc ) and ccl is not clearly described . to this end , we explain the relationship of cc , ccc and ccl . then , we propose a generalized concept - cognitive learning ←
→ variational local structure estimation for image super - resolution ; super - resolution is an important but difficult problem in image / video processing . if a video sequence or some training set other than the given low - resolution image is available , this kind of extra information can greatly aid in the reconstruction of the high - resolution image . the problem is substantially more difficult with only a single low - resolution image on hand . the image reconstruction methods designed primarily for denoising is insu ←
→ causal discovery from changes ; we propose a new method of discovering causal structures , based on the detection of local , spontaneous changes in the underlying data - generating model . we analyze the classes of structures that are equivalent relative to a stream of distributions produced by local changes , and devise algorithms that output graphical representations of these equivalence classes . we present experimental results , using simulated data , and examine the errors associated with detection of changes a ←
→ markov blanket ranking using kernel - based conditional dependence measures ; developing feature selection algorithms that move beyond a pure correlational to a more causal analysis of observational data is an important problem in the sciences . several algorithms attempt to do so by discovering the markov blanket of a target , but they all contain a forward selection step which variables must pass in order to be included in the conditioning set . as a result , these algorithms may not consider all possible con ←
→ trajectory clustering and an application to airspace monitoring ; this paper presents a framework aimed at monitoring the behavior of aircraft in a given airspace . nominal trajectories are determined and learned using data driven methods . standard procedures are used by air traffic controllers ( atc ) to guide aircraft , ensure the safety of the airspace , and to maximize the runway occupancy . even though standard procedures are used by atc , the control of the aircraft remains with the pilots , leading to a larg ←
→ the fastmap algorithm for shortest path computations ; we present a new preprocessing algorithm for embedding the nodes of a given edge - weighted undirected graph into a euclidean space . the euclidean distance between any two nodes in this space approximates the length of the shortest path between them in the given graph . later , at runtime , a shortest path between any two nodes can be computed with a * search using the euclidean distances as heuristic . our preprocessing algorithm , called fastmap , is inspired ←
→ practical approach to knowledge - based question answering with natural language understanding and advanced reasoning ; this research hypothesized that a practical approach in the form of a solution framework known as natural language understanding and reasoning for intelligence ( naluri ), which combines full - discourse natural language understanding , powerful representation formalism capable of exploiting ontological information and reasoning approach with advanced features , will solve the following problems ←
→ deep structured output learning for unconstrained text recognition ; we develop a representation suitable for the unconstrained recognition of words in natural images : the general case of no fixed lexicon and unknown length . to this end we propose a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based architecture which incorporates a conditional random field ( crf ) graphical model , taking the whole word image as a single input . the unaries of the crf are provided by a cnn that predicts characters at each position of ←
→ quantum classification ; quantum classification is defined as the task of predicting the associated class of an unknown quantum state drawn from an ensemble of pure states given a finite number of copies of this state . by recasting the state discrimination problem within the framework of machine learning ( ml ), we can use the notion of learning reduction coming from classical ml to solve different variants of the classification task , such as the weighted binary and the multiclass versions .←
→ recognizing and presenting the storytelling video structure with deep multimodal networks ; this paper presents a novel approach for temporal and semantic segmentation of edited videos into meaningful segments , from the point of view of the storytelling structure . the objective is to decompose a long video into more manageable sequences , which can in turn be used to retrieve the most significant parts of it given a textual query and to provide an effective summarization . previous video decomposition metho ←
→ super - linear gate and super - quadratic wire lower bounds for depth - two and depth - three threshold circuits ; in order to formally understand the power of neural computing , we first need to crack the frontier of threshold circuits with two and three layers , a regime that has been surprisingly intractable to analyze . we prove the first super - linear gate lower bounds and the first super - quadratic wire lower bounds for depth - two linear threshold circuits with arbitrary weights , and depth - three majority circuits ←
→ investigating practical linear temporal difference learning ; off - policy reinforcement learning has many applications including : learning from demonstration , learning multiple goal seeking policies in parallel , and representing predictive knowledge . recently there has been an proliferation of new policy - evaluation algorithms that fill a longstanding algorithmic void in reinforcement learning : combining robustness to off - policy sampling , function approximation , linear complexity , and temporal difference ( td )←
→ logarithmic - time updates and queries in probabilistic networks ; traditional databases commonly support efficient query and update procedures that operate in time which is sublinear in the size of the database . our goal in this paper is to take a first step toward dynamic reasoning in probabilistic databases with comparable efficiency . we propose a dynamic data structure that supports efficient algorithms for updating and querying singly connected bayesian networks . in the conventional algorithm , new eviden ←
→ combinaison d ' information visuelle , conceptuelle , et contextuelle pour la construction automatique de hierarchies semantiques adaptees a l ' annotation d ' images ; this paper proposes a new methodology to automatically build semantic hierarchies suitable for image annotation and classification . the building of the hierarchy is based on a new measure of semantic similarity . the proposed measure incorporates several sources of information : visual , conceptual and contextual as we defined in this paper . the ai ←
→ morphometry - based longitudinal neurodegeneration simulation with mr imaging ; we present a longitudinal mr simulation framework which simulates the future neurodegenerative progression by outputting the predicted follow - up mr image and the voxel - based morphometry ( vbm ) map . this framework expects the patients to have at least 2 historical mr images available . the longitudinal and cross - sectional vbm maps are extracted to measure the affinity between the target subject and the template subjects collected f ←
→ composing music with grammar argumented neural networks and note - level encoding ; creating aesthetically pleasing pieces of art , including music , has been a long - term goal for artificial intelligence research . despite recent successes of long - short term memory ( lstm ) recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) in sequential learning , lstm neural networks have not , by themselves , been able to generate natural - sounding music conforming to music theory . to transcend this inadequacy , we put forward a novel method for mu ←
→ the u - curve optimization problem : improvements on the original algorithm and time complexity analysis ; the u - curve optimization problem is characterized by a decomposable in u - shaped curves cost function over the chains of a boolean lattice . this problem can be applied to model the classical feature selection problem in machine learning . recently , the u - curve algorithm was proposed to give optimal solutions to the u - curve problem . in this article , we point out that the u - curve algorithm is in fact subopt ←
→ fpga - based low - power speech recognition with recurrent neural networks ; in this paper , a neural network based real - time speech recognition ( sr ) system is developed using an fpga for very low - power operation . the implemented system employs two recurrent neural networks ( rnns ); one is a speech - to - character rnn for acoustic modeling ( am ) and the other is for character - level language modeling ( lm ). the system also employs a statistical word - level lm to improve the recognition accuracy . the results of the am , t ←
→ automatically generating commit messages from diffs using neural machine translation ; commit messages are a valuable resource in comprehension of software evolution , since they provide a record of changes such as feature additions and bug repairs . unfortunately , programmers often neglect to write good commit messages . different techniques have been proposed to help programmers by automatically writing these messages . these techniques are effective at describing what changed , but are often verbose and lac ←
→ neural audio synthesis of musical notes with wavenet autoencoders ; generative models in vision have seen rapid progress due to algorithmic improvements and the availability of high - quality image datasets . in this paper , we offer contributions in both these areas to enable similar progress in audio modeling . first , we detail a powerful new wavenet - style autoencoder model that conditions an autoregressive decoder on temporal codes learned from the raw audio waveform . second , we introduce nsynth , a large - scal ←
→ clustered multi - task learning : a convex formulation ; in multi - task learning several related tasks are considered simultaneously , with the hope that by an appropriate sharing of information across tasks , each task may benefit from the others . in the context of learning linear functions for supervised classification or regression , this can be achieved by including a priori information about the weight vectors associated with the tasks , and how they are expected to be related to each other . in this paper , we ←
→ k - implementation ; this paper discusses an interested party who wishes to influence the behavior of agents in a game ( multi - agent interaction ), which is not under his control . the interested party cannot design a new game , cannot enforce agents ' behavior , cannot enforce payments by the agents , and cannot prohibit strategies available to the agents . however , he can influence the outcome of the game by committing to non - negative monetary transfers for the different strategy profiles that may be selected by th ←
→ fast eigenspace approximation using random signals ; we focus in this work on the estimation of the first $ k $ eigenvectors of any graph laplacian using filtering of gaussian random signals . we prove that we only need $ k $ such signals to be able to exactly recover as many of the smallest eigenvectors , regardless of the number of nodes in the graph . in addition , we address key issues in implementing the theoretical concepts in practice using accurate approximated methods . we also propose fast algorithms both ←
→ joint system and algorithm design for computationally efficient fan beam coded aperture x - ray coherent scatter imaging ; in x - ray coherent scatter tomography , tomographic measurements of the forward scatter distribution are used to infer scatter densities within a volume . a radiopaque 2d pattern placed between the object and the detector array enables the disambiguation between different scatter events . the use of a fan beam source illumination to speed up data acquisition relative to a pencil beam presen ←
→ iterative manifold embedding layer learned by incomplete data for large - scale image retrieval ; existing manifold learning methods are not appropriate for image retrieval task , because most of them are unable to process query image and they have much additional computational cost especially for large scale database . therefore , we propose the iterative manifold embedding ( ime ) layer , of which the weights are learned off - line by unsupervised strategy , to explore the intrinsic manifolds by incomplete data . o ←
→ heavy hitters via cluster - preserving clustering ; in turnstile $\ ell_p $ $\ varepsilon $- heavy hitters , one maintains a high - dimensional $ x \ in \ mathbb { r }^ n $ subject to $\ texttt { update }( i ,\ delta )$ causing $ x_i \ leftarrow x_i + \ delta $, where $ i \ in [ n ]$, $\ delta \ in \ mathbb { r }$. upon receiving a query , the goal is to report a small list $ l \ subset [ n ]$, $| l | = o ( 1 /\ varepsilon ^ p )$, containing every " heavy hitter " $ i \ in [ n ]$ with $| x_i | \ ge \ varepsilon \| x_ {\ overline { 1 /\ varepsilon ^ p }}\| _p $, where $ x_ {\ overline { k }}$ denote ←
→ beyond spatial pyramid matching : space - time extended descriptor for action recognition ; we address the problem of generating video features for action recognition . the spatial pyramid and its variants have been very popular feature models due to their success in balancing spatial location encoding and spatial invariance . although it seems straightforward to extend spatial pyramid to the temporal domain ( spatio - temporal pyramid ), the large spatio - temporal diversity of unconstrained videos and the resultin ←
→ super - resolution of sentinel - 2 images : learning a globally applicable deep neural network ; the sentinel - 2 satellite mission delivers multi - spectral imagery with 13 spectral bands , acquired at three different spatial resolutions . the aim of this research is to super - resolve the lower - resolution ( 20 m and 60 m ground sampling distance - gsd ) bands to 10 m gsd , so as to obtain a complete data cube at the maximal sensor resolution . we employ a state - of - the - art convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to perform en ←
→ an embarrassingly simple speed - up of belief propagation with robust potentials ; we present an exact method of greatly speeding up belief propagation ( bp ) for a wide variety of potential functions in pairwise mrfs and other graphical models . specifically , our technique applies whenever the pairwise potentials have been {\ em truncated } to a constant value for most pairs of states , as is commonly done in mrf models with robust potentials ( such as stereo ) that impose an upper bound on the penalty assigned to ←
→ transductive zero - shot learning with adaptive structural embedding ; zero - shot learning ( zsl ) endows the computer vision system with the inferential capability to recognize instances of a new category that has never seen before . two fundamental challenges in it are visual - semantic embedding and domain adaptation in cross - modality learning and unseen class prediction steps , respectively . to address both challenges , this paper presents two corresponding methods named adaptive structural embedding ( aste ) and s ←
→ entities as topic labels : improving topic interpretability and evaluability combining entity linking and labeled lda ; in order to create a corpus exploration method providing topics that are easier to interpret than standard lda topic models , here we propose combining two techniques called entity linking and labeled lda . our method identifies in an ontology a series of descriptive labels for each document in a corpus . then it generates a specific topic for each label . having a direct relation between top ←
→ a scalable cur matrix decomposition algorithm : lower time complexity and tighter bound ; the cur matrix decomposition is an important extension of nystr \"{ o } m approximation to a general matrix . it approximates any data matrix in terms of a small number of its columns and rows . in this paper we propose a novel randomized cur algorithm with an expected relative - error bound . the proposed algorithm has the advantages over the existing relative - error cur algorithms that it possesses tighter theoretical bound a ←
→ probabilistic cascading for large scale hierarchical classification ; hierarchies are frequently used for the organization of objects . given a hierarchy of classes , two main approaches are used , to automatically classify new instances : flat classification and cascade classification . flat classification ignores the hierarchy , while cascade classification greedily traverses the hierarchy from the root to the predicted leaf . in this paper we propose a new approach , which extends cascade classification to predi ←
→ image reconstruction from dense binary pixels ; recently , the dense binary pixel gigavision camera had been introduced , emulating a digital version of the photographic film . while seems to be a promising solution for hdr imaging , its output is not directly usable and requires an image reconstruction process . in this work , we formulate this problem as the minimization of a convex objective combining a maximum - likelihood term with a sparse synthesis prior . we present mlnet - a novel feed - forward neural networ ←
→ predicting contextual sequences via submodular function maximization ; sequence optimization , where the items in a list are ordered to maximize some reward has many applications such as web advertisement placement , search , and control libraries in robotics . previous work in sequence optimization produces a static ordering that does not take any features of the item or context of the problem into account . in this work , we propose a general approach to order the items within the sequence based on the context ←
→ the complexity of graph - based reductions for reachability in markov decision processes ; we study the never - worse relation ( nwr ) for markov decision processes with an infinite - horizon reachability objective . a state q is never worse than a state p if the maximal probability of reaching the target set of states from p is at most the same value from q , regard - less of the probabilities labelling the transitions . extremal - probability states , end components , and essential states are all special cases of the e ←
→ local geometry inclusive global shape representation ; knowledge of shape geometry plays a pivotal role in many shape analysis applications . in this paper we introduce a local geometry - inclusive global representation of 3d shapes based on computation of the shortest quasi - geodesic paths between all possible pairs of points on the 3d shape manifold . in the proposed representation , the normal curvature along the quasi - geodesic paths between any two points on the shape surface is preserved . we employ the eigen ←
→ deep fragment embeddings for bidirectional image sentence mapping ; we introduce a model for bidirectional retrieval of images and sentences through a multi - modal embedding of visual and natural language data . unlike previous models that directly map images or sentences into a common embedding space , our model works on a finer level and embeds fragments of images ( objects ) and fragments of sentences ( typed dependency tree relations ) into a common space . in addition to a ranking objective seen in previous wo ←
→ theoretical limitations of encoder - decoder gan architectures ; encoder - decoder gans architectures ( e . g ., bigan and ali ) seek to add an inference mechanism to the gans setup , consisting of a small encoder deep net that maps data - points to their succinct encodings . the intuition is that being forced to train an encoder alongside the usual generator forces the system to learn meaningful mappings from the code to the data - point and vice - versa , which should improve the learning of the target distribution and ame ←
→ logical n - and gate on a molecular turing machine ; in boolean algebra , it is known that the logical function that corresponds to the negation of the conjunction -- nand -- is universal in the sense that any other logical function can be built based on it . this property makes it essential to modern digital electronics and computer processor design . here , we design a molecular turing machine that computes the nand function over binary strings of arbitrary length . for this purpose , we will perform a mathematical ←
→ sbnet : sparse blocks network for fast inference ; conventional deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) apply convolution operators uniformly in space across all feature maps for hundreds of layers - this incurs a high computational cost for real time applications . for many problems such as object detection and semantic segmentation , we are able to obtain a low - cost computation mask , either from a priori problem knowledge , or from a low resolution segmentation network . we show that such computation masks c ←
→ decidenet : counting varying density crowds through attention guided detection and density estimation ; in real - world crowd counting applications , the crowd densities vary greatly in spatial and temporal domains . a detection based counting method will estimate crowds accurately in low density scenes , while its reliability in congested areas is downgraded . a regression based approach , on the other hand , captures the general density information in crowded regions . without knowing the location of each person ,←
→ learning to diagnose from scratch by exploiting dependencies among labels ; the field of medical diagnostics contains a wealth of challenges which closely resemble classical machine learning problems ; practical constraints , however , complicate the translation of these endpoints naively into classical architectures . many tasks in radiology , for example , are largely problems of multi - label classification wherein medical images are interpreted to indicate multiple present or suspected pathologies . clinical s ←
→ probabilistic semantic retrieval for surveillance videos with activity graphs ; we present a novel framework for finding complex activities matching user - described queries in cluttered surveillance videos . the wide diversity of queries coupled with unavailability of annotated activity data limits our ability to train activity models . to bridge the semantic gap we propose to let users describe an activity as a semantic graph with object attributes and inter - object relationships associated with nodes and ed ←
→ task specific adversarial cost function ; the cost function used to train a generative model should fit the purpose of the model . if the model is intended for tasks such as generating perceptually correct samples , it is beneficial to maximise the likelihood of a sample drawn from the model , q , coming from the same distribution as the training data , p . this is equivalent to minimising the kullback - leibler ( kl ) distance , kl [ q || p ]. however , if the model is intended for tasks such as retrieval or classification ←
→ hierarchical object parsing from structured noisy point clouds ; object parsing and segmentation from point clouds are challenging tasks because the relevant data is available only as thin structures along object boundaries or other features , and is corrupted by large amounts of noise . to handle this kind of data , flexible shape models are desired that can accurately follow the object boundaries . popular models such as active shape and active appearance models lack the necessary flexibility for this task , w ←
→ automated verification of weak equivalence within the smodels system ; in answer set programming ( asp ), a problem at hand is solved by ( i ) writing a logic program whose answer sets correspond to the solutions of the problem , and by ( ii ) computing the answer sets of the program using an answer set solver as a search engine . typically , a programmer creates a series of gradually improving logic programs for a particular problem when optimizing program length and execution time on a particular solver . this lead ←
→ knowledge representation via joint learning of sequential text and knowledge graphs ; textual information is considered as significant supplement to knowledge representation learning ( krl ). there are two main challenges for constructing knowledge representations from plain texts : ( 1 ) how to take full advantages of sequential contexts of entities in plain texts for krl . ( 2 ) how to dynamically select those informative sentences of the corresponding entities for krl . in this paper , we propose the sequential ←
→ an event calculus production rule system for reasoning in dynamic and uncertain domains ; action languages have emerged as an important field of knowledge representation for reasoning about change and causality in dynamic domains . this article presents cerbere , a production system designed to perform online causal , temporal and epistemic reasoning based on the event calculus . the framework implements the declarative semantics of the underlying logic theories in a forward - chaining rule - based reasoning syst ←
→ bayesian information extraction network ; dynamic bayesian networks ( dbns ) offer an elegant way to integrate various aspects of language in one model . many existing algorithms developed for learning and inference in dbns are applicable to probabilistic language modeling . to demonstrate the potential of dbns for natural language processing , we employ a dbn in an information extraction task . we show how to assemble wealth of emerging linguistic instruments for shallow parsing , syntactic and semantic tagging , ←
→ cross modal distillation for supervision transfer ; in this work we propose a technique that transfers supervision between images from different modalities . we use learned representations from a large labeled modality as a supervisory signal for training representations for a new unlabeled paired modality . our method enables learning of rich representations for unlabeled modalities and can be used as a pre - training procedure for new modalities with limited labeled data . we show experimental results where we ←
→ generating schemata of resolution proofs ; two distinct algorithms are presented to extract ( schemata of ) resolution proofs from closed tableaux for propositional schemata . the first one handles the most efficient version of the tableau calculus but generates very complex derivations ( denoted by rather elaborate rewrite systems ). the second one has the advantage that much simpler systems can be obtained , however the considered proof procedure is less efficient .←
→ handling non - compositionality in multilingual cnls ; in this paper , we describe methods for handling multilingual non - compositional constructions in the framework of gf . we specifically look at methods to detect and extract non - compositional phrases from parallel texts and propose methods to handle such constructions in gf grammars . we expect that the methods to handle non - compositional constructions will enrich cnls by providing more flexibility in the design of controlled languages . we look at two specifi ←
→ domain adaptation with soft - margin multiple feature - kernel learning beats deep learning for surveillance face recognition ; face recognition ( fr ) is the most preferred mode for biometric - based surveillance , due to its passive nature of detecting subjects , amongst all different types of biometric traits . fr under surveillance scenario does not give satisfactory performance due to low contrast , noise and poor illumination conditions on probes , as compared to the training samples . a state - of - the - art technolo ←
→ vrfp : on - the - fly video retrieval using web images and fast fisher vector products ; vrfp is a real - time video retrieval framework based on short text input queries , which obtains weakly labeled training images from the web after the query is known . the retrieved web images representing the query and each database video are treated as unordered collections of images , and each collection is represented using a single fisher vector built on cnn features . our experiments show that a fisher vector is robust to ←
→ forward table - based presynaptic event - triggered spike - timing - dependent plasticity ; spike - timing - dependent plasticity ( stdp ) incurs both causal and acausal synaptic weight updates , for negative and positive time differences between pre - synaptic and post - synaptic spike events . for realizing such updates in neuromorphic hardware , current implementations either require forward and reverse lookup access to the synaptic connectivity table , or rely on memory - intensive architectures such as crossbar arrays . we p ←
→ one button machine for automating feature engineering in relational databases ; feature engineering is one of the most important and time consuming tasks in predictive analytics projects . it involves understanding domain knowledge and data exploration to discover relevant hand - crafted features from raw data . in this paper , we introduce a system called one button machine , or onebm for short , which automates feature discovery in relational databases . onebm automatically performs a key activity of data scien ←
→ sever : a robust meta - algorithm for stochastic optimization ; in high dimensions , most machine learning methods are brittle to even a small fraction of structured outliers . to address this , we introduce a new meta - algorithm that can take in a base learner such as least squares or stochastic gradient descent , and harden the learner to be resistant to outliers . our method , sever , possesses strong theoretical guarantees yet is also highly scalable -- beyond running the base learner itself , it only requires comp ←
→ temporal generative adversarial nets with singular value clipping ; in this paper , we propose a generative model , temporal generative adversarial nets ( tgan ), which can learn a semantic representation of unlabeled videos , and is capable of generating videos . unlike existing generative adversarial nets ( gan )- based methods that generate videos with a single generator consisting of 3d deconvolutional layers , our model exploits two different types of generators : a temporal generator and an image generator . the ←
→ towards open set deep networks ; deep networks have produced significant gains for various visual recognition problems , leading to high impact academic and commercial applications . recent work in deep networks highlighted that it is easy to generate images that humans would never classify as a particular object class , yet networks classify such images high confidence as that given class - deep network are easily fooled with images humans do not consider meaningful . the closed set nature of deep networks for ←
→ increasing papers ' discoverability with precise semantic labeling : the sci . ai platform ; the number of published findings in biomedicine increases continually . at the same time , specifics of the domain ' s terminology complicates the task of relevant publications retrieval . in the current research , we investigate influence of terms ' variability and ambiguity on a paper ' s likelihood of being retrieved . we obtained statistics that demonstrate significance of the issue and its challenges , followed by presentin ←
→ properties of bethe free energies and message passing in gaussian models ; we address the problem of computing approximate marginals in gaussian probabilistic models by using mean field and fractional bethe approximations . we define the gaussian fractional bethe free energy in terms of the moment parameters of the approximate marginals , derive a lower and an upper bound on the fractional bethe free energy and establish a necessary condition for the lower bound to be bounded from below . it turns out that the ←
→ bandit models of human behavior : reward processing in mental disorders ; drawing an inspiration from behavioral studies of human decision making , we propose here a general parametric framework for multi - armed bandit problem , which extends the standard thompson sampling approach to incorporate reward processing biases associated with several neurological and psychiatric conditions , including parkinson ' s and alzheimer ' s diseases , attention - deficit / hyperactivity disorder ( adhd ), addiction , and chronic pain . we ←
→ maintaining prediction quality under the condition of a growing knowledge space ; intelligence can be understood as an agent ' s ability to predict its environment ' s dynamic by a level of precision which allows it to effectively foresee opportunities and threats . under the assumption that such intelligence relies on a knowledge space any effective reasoning would benefit from a maximum portion of useful and a minimum portion of misleading knowledge fragments . it begs the question of how the quality of such ←
→ analysis and implementation of an asynchronous optimization algorithm for the parameter server ; this paper presents an asynchronous incremental aggregated gradient algorithm and its implementation in a parameter server framework for solving regularized optimization problems . the algorithm can handle both general convex ( possibly non - smooth ) regularizers and general convex constraints . when the empirical data loss is strongly convex , we establish linear convergence rate , give explicit expressions for step ←
→ learning fault - tolerant speech parsing with screen ; this paper describes a new approach and a system screen for fault - tolerant speech parsing . screeen stands for symbolic connectionist robust enterprise for natural language . speech parsing describes the syntactic and semantic analysis of spontaneous spoken language . the general approach is based on incremental immediate flat analysis , learning of syntactic and semantic speech parsing , parallel integration of current hypotheses , and the consideration of var ←
→ meta - learning of exploration / exploitation strategies : the multi - armed bandit case ; the exploration / exploitation ( e / e ) dilemma arises naturally in many subfields of science . multi - armed bandit problems formalize this dilemma in its canonical form . most current research in this field focuses on generic solutions that can be applied to a wide range of problems . however , in practice , it is often the case that a form of prior information is available about the specific class of target problems . prior knowledg ←
→ a reduced reference image quality measure using bessel k forms model for tetrolet coefficients ; in this paper , we introduce a reduced reference image quality assessment ( rriqa ) measure based on the natural image statistic approach . a new adaptive transform called " tetrolet " is applied to both reference and distorted images . to model the marginal distribution of tetrolet coefficients bessel k forms ( bkf ) density is proposed . estimating the parameters of this distribution allows to summarize the reference ←
→ why did the accident happen ? a norm - based reasoning approach ; in this paper we describe an architecture of a system that answer the question : why did the accident happen ? from the textual description of an accident . we present briefly the different parts of the architecture and then we describe with more detail the semantic part of the system i . e . the part in which the norm - based reasoning is performed on the explicit knowlege extracted from the text .←
→ using anatomical markers for left ventricular segmentation of long axis ultrasound images ; left ventricular segmentation is essential for measuring left ventricular function indices . segmentation of one or several images requires an initial guess of the contour . it is hypothesized here that creating an initial guess by first detecting anatomical markers , would lead to correct detection of the endocardium . the first step of the algorithm presented here includes automatic detection of the mitral valve . nex ←
→ technical report : implementation and validation of a smart health application ; in this article , we explain in detail the internal structures and databases of a smart health application . moreover , we describe how to generate a statistically sound synthetic dataset using real - world medical data .←
→ from shading to local shape ; we develop a framework for extracting a concise representation of the shape information available from diffuse shading in a small image patch . this produces a mid - level scene descriptor , comprised of local shape distributions that are inferred separately at every image patch across multiple scales . the framework is based on a quadratic representation of local shape that , in the absence of noise , has guarantees on recovering accurate local shape and lighting . and when noise is p ←
→ inference - less density estimation using copula bayesian networks ; we consider learning continuous probabilistic graphical models in the face of missing data . for non - gaussian models , learning the parameters and structure of such models depends on our ability to perform efficient inference , and can be prohibitive even for relatively modest domains . recently , we introduced the copula bayesian network ( cbn ) density model - a flexible framework that captures complex high - dimensional dependency structures while ←
→ map learning with indistinguishable locations ; nearly all spatial reasoning problems involve uncertainty of one sort or another . uncertainty arises due to the inaccuracies of sensors used in measuring distances and angles . we refer to this as directional uncertainty . uncertainty also arises in combining spatial information when one location is mistakenly identified with another . we refer to this as recognition uncertainty . most problems in constructing spatial representations ( maps ) for the purpose of navi ←
→ godp : globally optimized dual pathway system for facial landmark localization in - the - wild ; facial landmark localization is a fundamental module for pose - invariant face recognition . the most common approach for facial landmark detection is cascaded regression , which is composed of two steps : feature extraction and facial shape regression . recent methods employ deep convolutional networks to extract robust features for each step , while the whole system could be regarded as a deep cascaded regression archit ←
→ automatic segmentation of manipuri ( meiteilon ) word into syllabic units ; the work of automatic segmentation of a manipuri language ( or meiteilon ) word into syllabic units is demonstrated in this paper . this language is a scheduled indian language of tibeto - burman origin , which is also a very highly agglutinative language . this language usages two script : a bengali script and meitei mayek ( script ). the present work is based on the second script . an algorithm is designed so as to identify mainly the syllable ←
→ the ideal of the trifocal variety ; techniques from representation theory , symbolic computational algebra , and numerical algebraic geometry are used to find the minimal generators of the ideal of the trifocal variety . an effective test for determining whether a given tensor is a trifocal tensor is also given .←
→ predicting abandonment in online coding tutorials ; learners regularly abandon online coding tutorials when they get bored or frustrated , but there are few techniques for anticipating this abandonment to intervene . in this paper , we examine the feasibility of predicting abandonment with machine - learned classifiers . using interaction logs from an online programming game , we extracted a collection of features that are potentially related to learner abandonment and engagement , then developed classifiers for ea ←
→ sar image despeckling based on nonlocal similarity sparse decomposition ; this letter presents a method of synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) image despeckling aimed to preserve the detail information while suppressing speckle noise . this method combines the nonlocal self - similarity partition and a proposed modified sparse decomposition . the nonlocal partition method groups a series of structure - similarity data sets . each data set has a good sparsity for learning an over - complete dictionary in sparse representa ←
→ deep adaptive feature embedding with local sample distributions for person re - identification ; person re - identification ( re - id ) aims to match pedestrians observed by disjoint camera views . it attracts increasing attention in computer vision due to its importance to surveillance system . to combat the major challenge of cross - view visual variations , deep embedding approaches are proposed by learning a compact feature space from images such that the euclidean distances correspond to their cross - view similari ←
→ building sparse deep feedforward networks using tree receptive fields ; sparse connectivity is an important factor behind the success of convolutional neural networks and recurrent neural networks . in this paper , we consider the problem of learning sparse connectivity for feedforward neural networks ( fnns ). the key idea is that a unit should be connected to a small number of units at the next level below that are strongly correlated . we use chow - liu ' s algorithm to learn a tree - structured probabilistic model ←
→ bandwidth limited object recognition in high resolution imagery ; this paper proposes a novel method to optimize bandwidth usage for object detection in critical communication scenarios . we develop two operating models of active information seeking . the first model identifies promising regions in low resolution imagery and progressively requests higher resolution regions on which to perform recognition of higher semantic quality . the second model identifies promising regions in low resolution imagery while ←
→ cross - domain human parsing via adversarial feature and label adaptation ; human parsing has been extensively studied recently due to its wide applications in many important scenarios . mainstream fashion parsing models focus on parsing the high - resolution and clean images . however , directly applying the parsers trained on benchmarks to a particular application scenario in the wild , e . g ., a canteen , airport or workplace , often gives non - satisfactory performance due to domain shift . in this paper , we explore a ←
→ collaborative large - scale dense 3d reconstruction with online inter - agent pose optimisation ; reconstructing dense , volumetric models of real - world 3d scenes is important for many tasks , but capturing large scenes can take significant time , and the risk of transient changes to the scene goes up as the capture time increases . these are good reasons to want instead to capture several smaller sub - scenes that can be joined to make the whole scene . achieving this has traditionally been difficult : joining sub - s ←
→ unsatisfiable cores and lower bounding for constraint programming ; constraint programming ( cp ) solvers typically tackle optimization problems by repeatedly finding solutions to a problem while placing tighter and tighter bounds on the solution cost . this approach is somewhat naive , especially for soft - constraint optimization problems in which the soft constraints are mostly satisfied . unsatisfiable - core approaches to solving soft constraint problems in sat ( e . g . maxsat ) force all soft constraints to be har ←
→ fashioning with networks : neural style transfer to design clothes ; convolutional neural networks have been highly successful in performing a host of computer vision tasks such as object recognition , object detection , image segmentation and texture synthesis . in 2015 , gatys et . al [ 7 ] show how the style of a painter can be extracted from an image of the painting and applied to another normal photograph , thus recreating the photo in the style of the painter . the method has been successfully applied to a wide ←
→ bootstrap model aggregation for distributed statistical learning ; in distributed , or privacy - preserving learning , we are often given a set of probabilistic models estimated from different local repositories , and asked to combine them into a single model that gives efficient statistical estimation . a simple method is to linearly average the parameters of the local models , which , however , tends to be degenerate or not applicable on non - convex models , or models with different parameter dimensions . one more pr ←
→ toward the automated analysis of complex diseases in genome - wide association studies using genetic programming ; machine learning has been gaining traction in recent years to meet the demand for tools that can efficiently analyze and make sense of the ever - growing databases of biomedical data in health care systems around the world . however , effectively using machine learning methods requires considerable domain expertise , which can be a barrier of entry for bioinformaticians new to computational data sci ←
→ adversarial examples : attacks and defenses for deep learning ; with rapid progress and great successes in a wide spectrum of applications , deep learning is being applied in many safety - critical environments . however , deep neural networks have been recently found vulnerable to well - designed input samples , called \ textit { adversarial examples }. adversarial examples are imperceptible to human but can easily fool deep neural networks in the testing / deploying stage . the vulnerability to adversarial examples becom ←
→ on the direction of discrimination : an information - theoretic analysis of disparate impact in machine learning ; in the context of machine learning , disparate impact refers to a form of systematic discrimination whereby the output distribution of a model depends on the value of a sensitive attribute ( e . g ., race or gender ). in this paper , we present an information - theoretic framework to analyze the disparate impact of a binary classification model . we view the model as a fixed channel , and quantify disparat ←
→ feature subset selection for software cost modelling and estimation ; feature selection has been recently used in the area of software engineering for improving the accuracy and robustness of software cost models . the idea behind selecting the most informative subset of features from a pool of available cost drivers stems from the hypothesis that reducing the dimensionality of datasets will significantly minimise the complexity and time required to reach to an estimation using a particular modelling techniq ←
→ memory shapes time perception and intertemporal choices ; there is a consensus that human and non - human subjects experience temporal distortions in many stages of their perceptual and decision - making systems . similarly , intertemporal choice research has shown that decision - makers undervalue future outcomes relative to immediate ones . here we combine techniques from information theory and artificial intelligence to show how both temporal distortions and intertemporal choice preferences can be explained as a ←
→ towards conceptual compression ; we introduce a simple recurrent variational auto - encoder architecture that significantly improves image modeling . the system represents the state - of - the - art in latent variable models for both the imagenet and omniglot datasets . we show that it naturally separates global conceptual information from lower level details , thus addressing one of the fundamentally desired properties of unsupervised learning . furthermore , the possibility of restricting ourselves to storing only glo ←
→ the ultrasound visualization pipeline - a survey ; ultrasound is one of the most frequently used imaging modality in medicine . the high spatial resolution , its interactive nature and non - invasiveness makes it the first choice in many examinations . image interpretation is one of ultrasound ' s main challenges . much training is required to obtain a confident skill level in ultrasound - based diagnostics . state - of - the - art graphics techniques is needed to provide meaningful visualizations of ultrasound in real - time ←
→ an investigation of the sequential sampling method for crossdocking simulation output variance reduction ; this paper investigates the reduction of variance associated with a simulation output performance measure , using the sequential sampling method while applying minimum simulation replications , for a class of jit ( just in time ) warehousing system called crossdocking . we initially used the sequential sampling method to attain a desired 95 % confidence interval half width of plus / minus 0 . 5 for our chosen ←
→ the category of networks of ontologies ; the semantic web has led to the deployment of ontologies on the web connected through various relations and , in particular , alignments of their vocabularies . there exists several semantics for alignments which make difficult interoperation between different interpretation of networks of ontologies . here we present an abstraction of these semantics which allows for defining the notions of closure and consistency for networks of ontologies independently from the precis ←
→ parsing with the shortest derivation ; common wisdom has it that the bias of stochastic grammars in favor of shorter derivations of a sentence is harmful and should be redressed . we show that the common wisdom is wrong for stochastic grammars that use elementary trees instead of context - free rules , such as stochastic tree - substitution grammars used by data - oriented parsing models . for such grammars a non - probabilistic metric based on the shortest derivation outperforms a probabilistic metric on the atis and ←
→ web services : a process algebra approach ; it is now well - admitted that formal methods are helpful for many issues raised in the web service area . in this paper we present a framework for the design and verification of wss using process algebras and their tools . we define a two - way mapping between abstract specifications written using these calculi and executable web services written in bpel4ws . several choices are available : design and correct errors in bpel4ws , using process algebra verification tools , or ←
→ development and evaluation of a deep learning model for protein - ligand binding affinity prediction ; structure based ligand discovery is one of the most successful approaches for augmenting the drug discovery process . currently , there is a notable shift towards machine learning ( ml ) methodologies to aid such procedures . deep learning has recently gained considerable attention as it allows the model to " learn " to extract features that are relevant for the task at hand . we have developed a novel deep neural ←
→ computational approaches to measuring the similarity of short contexts : a review of applications and methods ; measuring the similarity of short written contexts is a fundamental problem in natural language processing . this article provides a unifying framework by which short context problems can be categorized both by their intended application and proposed solution . the goal is to show that various problems and methodologies that appear quite different on the surface are in fact very closely related . t ←
→ two - layer feature reduction for sparse - group lasso via decomposition of convex sets ; sparse - group lasso ( sgl ) has been shown to be a powerful regression technique for simultaneously discovering group and within - group sparse patterns by using a combination of the $\ ell_1 $ and $\ ell_2 $ norms . however , in large - scale applications , the complexity of the regularizers entails great computational challenges . in this paper , we propose a novel two - layer feature reduction method ( tlfre ) for sgl via a decomposition ←
→ deep cnns along the time axis with intermap pooling for robustness to spectral variations ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) with convolutional and pooling operations along the frequency axis have been proposed to attain invariance to frequency shifts of features . however , this is inappropriate with regard to the fact that acoustic features vary in frequency . in this paper , we contend that convolution along the time axis is more effective . we also propose the addition of an intermap pooling ( imp ) laye ←
→ distributed pharaoh system for network routing ; in this paper it is introduced a biobjective ant algorithm for constructing low cost routing networks . the new algorithm is called the distributed pharaoh system ( dps ). dps is based on antnet algorithm . the algorithm is using pharaoh ant system ( pas ) with an extra - exploration phase and a ' no - entry ' condition in order to improve the solutions for the low cost network routing problem . additionally it is used a cost model for overlay network construction that in ←
→ static gesture recognition using leap motion ; in this report , an automated bartender system was developed for making orders in a bar using hand gestures . the gesture recognition of the system was developed using machine learning techniques , where the model was trained to classify gestures using collected data . the final model used in the system reached an average accuracy of 95 %. the system raised ethical concerns both in terms of user interaction and having such a system in a real world scenario , but it c ←
→ minimax optimal sparse signal recovery with poisson statistics ; we are motivated by problems that arise in a number of applications such as online marketing and explosives detection , where the observations are usually modeled using poisson statistics . we model each observation as a poisson random variable whose mean is a sparse linear superposition of known patterns . unlike many conventional problems observations here are not identically distributed since they are associated with different sensing modaliti ←
→ phrase - based image captioning with hierarchical lstm model ; automatic generation of caption to describe the content of an image has been gaining a lot of research interests recently , where most of the existing works treat the image caption as pure sequential data . natural language , however possess a temporal hierarchy structure , with complex dependencies between each subsequence . in this paper , we propose a phrase - based hierarchical long short - term memory ( phi - lstm ) model to generate image description . in ←
→ a review of evaluation techniques for social dialogue systems ; in contrast with goal - oriented dialogue , social dialogue has no clear measure of task success . consequently , evaluation of these systems is notoriously hard . in this paper , we review current evaluation methods , focusing on automatic metrics . we conclude that turn - based metrics often ignore the context and do not account for the fact that several replies are valid , while end - of - dialogue rewards are mainly hand - crafted . both lack grounding in hum ←
→ differentiable submodular maximization ; we consider learning of submodular functions from data . these functions are important in machine learning and have a wide range of applications , e . g . data summarization , feature selection and active learning . despite their combinatorial nature , submodular functions can be maximized approximately with strong theoretical guarantees in polynomial time . typically , learning the submodular function and optimization of that function are treated separately , i . e . the function ←
→ training adversarial discriminators for cross - channel abnormal event detection in crowds ; abnormal crowd behaviour detection attracts a large interest due to its importance in video surveillance scenarios . however , the ambiguity and the lack of sufficient " abnormal " ground truth data makes end - to - end training of large deep networks hard in this domain . in this paper we propose to use generative adversarial nets ( gans ), which are trained to generate only the " normal " distribution of the data . during the a ←
→ boundary - sensitive network for portrait segmentation ; compared to the general semantic segmentation problem , portrait segmentation has higher precision requirement on boundary area . however , this problem has not been well studied in previous works . in this paper , we propose a boundary - sensitive deep neural network ( bsn ) for portrait segmentation . bsn introduces three novel techniques . first , an individual boundary - sensitive kernel is proposed by dilating the contour line and assigning the boundary pixels w ←
→ clustering algorithm for gujarati language ; natural language processing area is still under research . but now a day it is on platform for worldwide researchers . natural language processing includes analyzing the language based on its structure and then tagging of each word appropriately with its grammar base . here we have 50 , 000 tagged words set and we try to cluster those gujarati words based on proposed algorithm , we have defined our own algorithm for processing . many clustering techniques are available ←
→ asist : automatic semantically invariant scene transformation ; we present asist , a technique for transforming point clouds by replacing objects with their semantically equivalent counterparts . transformations of this kind have applications in virtual reality , repair of fused scans , and robotics . asist is based on a unified formulation of semantic labeling and object replacement ; both result from minimizing a single objective . we present numerical tools for the efficient solution of this optimization problem ←
→ a comparison of public causal search packages on linear , gaussian data with no latent variables ; we compare tetrad ( java ) algorithms to the other public software packages bnt ( bayes net toolbox , matlab ), pcalg ( r ), bnlearn ( r ) on the \ vanilla " task of recovering dag structure to the extent possible from data generated recursively from linear , gaussian structure equation models ( sems ) with no latent variables , for random graphs , with no additional knowledge of variable order or adjacency structure , and wi ←
→ super - convergence : very fast training of residual networks using large learning rates ; in this paper , we show a phenomenon , which we named " super - convergence ", where residual networks can be trained using an order of magnitude fewer iterations than is used with standard training methods . the existence of super - convergence is relevant to understanding why deep networks generalize well . one of the key elements of super - convergence is training with cyclical learning rates and a large maximum learning rate . ←
→ semi - automatic algorithm for breast mri lesion segmentation using marker - controlled watershed transformation ; magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) is an effective imaging modality for identifying and localizing breast lesions in women . accurate and precise lesion segmentation using a computer - aided - diagnosis ( cad ) system , is a crucial step in evaluating tumor volume and in the quantification of tumor characteristics . however , this is a challenging task , since breast lesions have sophisticated shape , topologi ←
→ complex - yolo : real - time 3d object detection on point clouds ; lidar based 3d object detection is inevitable for autonomous driving , because it directly links to environmental understanding and therefore builds the base for prediction and motion planning . the capacity of inferencing highly sparse 3d data in real - time is an ill - posed problem for lots of other application areas besides automated vehicles , e . g . augmented reality , personal robotics or industrial automation . we introduce complex - yolo , a state of ←
→ really ? well . apparently bootstrapping improves the performance of sarcasm and nastiness classifiers for online dialogue ; more and more of the information on the web is dialogic , from facebook newsfeeds , to forum conversations , to comment threads on news articles . in contrast to traditional , monologic natural language processing resources such as news , highly social dialogue is frequent in social media , making it a challenging context for nlp . this paper tests a bootstrapping method , originally proposed ←
→ on estimating $ l_2 ^ 2 $ divergence ; we give a comprehensive theoretical characterization of a nonparametric estimator for the $ l_2 ^ 2 $ divergence between two continuous distributions . we first bound the rate of convergence of our estimator , showing that it is $\ sqrt { n }$- consistent provided the densities are sufficiently smooth . in this smooth regime , we then show that our estimator is asymptotically normal , construct asymptotic confidence intervals , and establish a berry - ess \'{ e } en style inequality characteri ←
→ disentangling space and time in video with hierarchical variational auto - encoders ; there are many forms of feature information present in video data . principle among them are object identity information which is largely static across multiple video frames , and object pose and style information which continuously transforms from frame to frame . most existing models confound these two types of representation by mapping them to a shared feature space . in this paper we propose a probabilistic approach for le ←
→ an integer programming model for the dynamic location and relocation of emergency vehicles : a case study ; in this paper , we address the dynamic emergency medical service ( ems ) systems . a dynamic location model is presented that tries to locate and relocate the ambulances . the proposed model controls the movements and locations of ambulances in order to provide a better coverage of the demand points under different fluctuation patterns that may happen during a given period of time . some numerical experime ←
→ h - approximation : history - based approximation of possible world semantics as asp ; we propose an approximation of the possible worlds semantics ( pws ) for action planning . a corresponding planning system is implemented by a transformation of the action specification to an answer - set program . a novelty is support for postdiction wrt . ( a ) the plan existence problem in our framework can be solved in np , as compared to $\ sigma_2 ^ p $ for non - approximated pws of baral ( 2000 ); and ( b ) the planner generates optimal p ←
→ 3d shape estimation from 2d landmarks : a convex relaxation approach ; we investigate the problem of estimating the 3d shape of an object , given a set of 2d landmarks in a single image . to alleviate the reconstruction ambiguity , a widely - used approach is to confine the unknown 3d shape within a shape space built upon existing shapes . while this approach has proven to be successful in various applications , a challenging issue remains , i . e ., the joint estimation of shape parameters and camera - pose parameters r ←
→ recurrent residual learning for action recognition ; action recognition is a fundamental problem in computer vision with a lot of potential applications such as video surveillance , human computer interaction , and robot learning . given pre - segmented videos , the task is to recognize actions happening within videos . historically , hand crafted video features were used to address the task of action recognition . with the success of deep convnets as an image analysis method , a lot of extensions of standard convnet ←
→ view - invariant gait recognition through genetic template segmentation ; template - based model - free approach provides by far the most successful solution to the gait recognition problem in literature . recent work discusses how isolating the head and leg portion of the template increase the performance of a gait recognition system making it robust against covariates like clothing and carrying conditions . however , most involve a manual definition of the boundaries . the method we propose , the genetic template se ←
→ predicting target language ccg supertags improves neural machine translation ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) models are able to partially learn syntactic information from sequential lexical information . still , some complex syntactic phenomena such as prepositional phrase attachment are poorly modeled . this work aims to answer two questions : 1 ) does explicitly modeling target language syntax help nmt ? 2 ) is tight integration of words and syntax better than multitask training ? we introduce syntactic info ←
→ equations of states in singular statistical estimation ; learning machines which have hierarchical structures or hidden variables are singular statistical models because they are nonidentifiable and their fisher information matrices are singular . in singular statistical models , neither the bayes a posteriori distribution converges to the normal distribution nor the maximum likelihood estimator satisfies asymptotic normality . this is the main reason why it has been difficult to predict their generalization p ←
→ efficient image evidence analysis of cnn classification results ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) define the current state - of - the - art for image recognition . with their emerging popularity , especially for critical applications like medical image analysis or self - driving cars , confirmability is becoming an issue . the black - box nature of trained predictors make it difficult to trace failure cases or to understand the internal reasoning processes leading to results . in this paper we introduce a novel effic ←
→ paranom : a parallel anomaly dataset generator ; in this paper , we present paranom , a parallel anomaly dataset generator . we discuss its design and provide brief experimental results demonstrating its usefulness in improving the classification correctness of lstm - ad , a state - of - the - art anomaly detection model .←
→ knowledge representation for high - level norms and violation inference in logic programming ; most of the knowledge representation formalisms developed for representing prescriptive norms can be categorized as either suitable for representing either low level or high level norms . we argue that low level norm representations do not advance the cause of autonomy in agents in the sense that it is not the agent itself that determines the normative position it should be at a particular time , on the account of a ←
→ lass : a simple assignment model with laplacian smoothing ; we consider the problem of learning soft assignments of $ n $ items to $ k $ categories given two sources of information : an item - category similarity matrix , which encourages items to be assigned to categories they are similar to ( and to not be assigned to categories they are dissimilar to ), and an item - item similarity matrix , which encourages similar items to have similar assignments . we propose a simple quadratic programming model that captures this i ←
→ a unified example - based and lexicalist approach to machine translation ; we present an approach to machine translation that combines the ideas and methodologies of the example - based and lexicalist theoretical frameworks . the approach has been implemented in a multilingual machine translation system .←
→ logic programs with monotone abstract constraint atoms ; we introduce and study logic programs whose clauses are built out of monotone constraint atoms . we show that the operational concept of the one - step provability operator generalizes to programs with monotone constraint atoms , but the generalization involves nondeterminism . our main results demonstrate that our formalism is a common generalization of ( 1 ) normal logic programming with its semantics of models , supported models and stable models , ( 2 ) logi ←
→ practical matrix completion and corruption recovery using proximal alternating robust subspace minimization ; low - rank matrix completion is a problem of immense practical importance . recent works on the subject often use nuclear norm as a convex surrogate of the rank function . despite its solid theoretical foundation , the convex version of the problem often fails to work satisfactorily in real - life applications . real data often suffer from very few observations , with support not meeting the random require ←
→ gpflowopt : a bayesian optimization library using tensorflow ; a novel python framework for bayesian optimization known as gpflowopt is introduced . the package is based on the popular gpflow library for gaussian processes , leveraging the benefits of tensorflow including automatic differentiation , parallelization and gpu computations for bayesian optimization . design goals focus on a framework that is easy to extend with custom acquisition functions and models . the framework is thoroughly tested and well docu ←
→ fine - tuning the ant colony system algorithm through particle swarm optimization ; ant colony system ( acs ) is a distributed ( agent - based ) algorithm which has been widely studied on the symmetric travelling salesman problem ( tsp ). the optimum parameters for this algorithm have to be found by trial and error . we use a particle swarm optimization algorithm ( pso ) to optimize the acs parameters working in a designed subset of tsp instances . first goal is to perform the hybrid pso - acs algorithm on a single inst ←
→ depth estimation using modified cost function for occlusion handling ; the paper presents a novel approach to occlusion handling problem in depth estimation using three views . a solution based on modification of similarity cost function is proposed . during the depth estimation via optimization algorithms like graph cut similarity metric is constantly updated so that only non - occluded fragments in side views are considered . at each iteration of the algorithm non - occluded fragments are detected based on side ←
→ causal discovery from a mixture of experimental and observational data ; this paper describes a bayesian method for combining an arbitrary mixture of observational and experimental data in order to learn causal bayesian networks . observational data are passively observed . experimental data , such as that produced by randomized controlled trials , result from the experimenter manipulating one or more variables ( typically randomly ) and observing the states of other variables . the paper presents a bayesian metho ←
→ a neural network anomaly detector using the random cluster model ; the random cluster model is used to define an upper bound on a distance measure as a function of the number of data points to be classified and the expected value of the number of classes to form in a hybrid k - means and regression classification methodology , with the intent of detecting anomalies . conditions are given for the identification of classes which contain anomalies and individual anomalies within identified classes . a neural networ ←
→ machine learning methods in the computational biology of cancer ; the objectives of this " perspective " paper are to review some recent advances in sparse feature selection for regression and classification , as well as compressed sensing , and to discuss how these might be used to develop tools to advance personalized cancer therapy . as an illustration of the possibilities , a new algorithm for sparse regression is presented , and is applied to predict the time to tumor recurrence in ovarian cancer . a new algor ←
→ musical chair : efficient real - time recognition using collaborative iot devices ; the prevalence of internet of things ( iot ) devices and abundance of sensor data has created an increase in real - time data processing such as recognition of speech , image , and video . while currently such processes are offloaded to the computationally powerful cloud system , a localized and distributed approach is desirable because ( i ) it preserves the privacy of users and ( ii ) it omits the dependency on cloud services . however ,←
→ in vivo quantification of clot formation in extracorporeal circuits ; clot formation is a common complication in extracorporeal circuits . in this paper we describe a novel method for clot formation analysis using image processing . we assembled a closed extracorporeal circuit and circulated blood at varying speeds . blood filters were placed in downstream of the flow , and clotting agents were added to the circuit . digital images of the filter were subsequently taken , and image analysis was applied to calculat ←
→ shape - aware surface reconstruction from sparse 3d point - clouds ; the reconstruction of an object ' s shape or surface from a set of 3d points plays an important role in medical image analysis , e . g . in anatomy reconstruction from tomographic measurements or in the process of aligning intra - operative navigation and preoperative planning data . in such scenarios , one usually has to deal with sparse data , which significantly aggravates the problem of reconstruction . however , medical applications often provide cont ←
→ hidden physics models : machine learning of nonlinear partial differential equations ; while there is currently a lot of enthusiasm about " big data ", useful data is usually " small " and expensive to acquire . in this paper , we present a new paradigm of learning partial differential equations from {\ em small } data . in particular , we introduce \ emph { hidden physics models }, which are essentially data - efficient learning machines capable of leveraging the underlying laws of physics , expressed by time dependent an ←
→ neural recovery machine for chinese dropped pronoun ; dropped pronouns ( dps ) are ubiquitous in pro - drop languages like chinese , japanese etc . previous work mainly focused on painstakingly exploring the empirical features for dps recovery . in this paper , we propose a neural recovery machine ( nrm ) to model and recover dps in chinese , so that to avoid the non - trivial feature engineering process . the experimental results show that the proposed nrm significantly outperforms the state - of - the - art approaches on bot ←
→ delugenets : deep networks with efficient and flexible cross - layer information inflows ; deluge networks ( delugenets ) are deep neural networks which efficiently facilitate massive cross - layer information inflows from preceding layers to succeeding layers . the connections between layers in delugenets are established through cross - layer depthwise convolutional layers with learnable filters , acting as a flexible yet efficient selection mechanism . delugenets can propagate information across many layers with gr ←
→ an improved system for sentence - level novelty detection in textual streams ; novelty detection in news events has long been a difficult problem . a number of models performed well on specific data streams but certain issues are far from being solved , particularly in large data streams from the www where unpredictability of new terms requires adaptation in the vector space model . we present a novel event detection system based on the incremental term frequency - inverse document frequency ( tf - idf ) weighting i ←
→ robust minutiae extractor : integrating deep networks and fingerprint domain knowledge ; we propose a fully automatic minutiae extractor , called minutiaenet , based on deep neural networks with compact feature representation for fast comparison of minutiae sets . specifically , first a network , called coarsenet , estimates the minutiae score map and minutiae orientation based on convolutional neural network and fingerprint domain knowledge ( enhanced image , orientation field , and segmentation map ). subsequently ←
→ linguistically motivated vocabulary reduction for neural machine translation from turkish to english ; the necessity of using a fixed - size word vocabulary in order to control the model complexity in state - of - the - art neural machine translation ( nmt ) systems is an important bottleneck on performance , especially for morphologically rich languages . conventional methods that aim to overcome this problem by using sub - word or character - level representations solely rely on statistics and disregard the linguistic ←
→ a bayesian variant of shafer ' s commonalities for modelling unforeseen events ; shafer ' s theory of belief and the bayesian theory of probability are two alternative and mutually inconsistent approaches toward modelling uncertainty in artificial intelligence . to help reduce the conflict between these two approaches , this paper reexamines expected utility theory - from which bayesian probability theory is derived . expected utility theory requires the decision maker to assign a utility to each decision conditio ←
→ defensive distillation is not robust to adversarial examples ; we show that defensive distillation is not secure : it is no more resistant to targeted misclassification attacks than unprotected neural networks .←
→ end - to - end subtitle detection and recognition for videos in east asian languages via cnn ensemble with near - human - level performance ; in this paper , we propose an innovative end - to - end subtitle detection and recognition system for videos in east asian languages . our end - to - end system consists of multiple stages . subtitles are firstly detected by a novel image operator based on the sequence information of consecutive video frames . then , an ensemble of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) trained on synthet ←
→ kaggle lshtc4 winning solution ; our winning submission to the 2014 kaggle competition for large scale hierarchical text classification ( lshtc ) consists mostly of an ensemble of sparse generative models extending multinomial naive bayes . the base - classifiers consist of hierarchically smoothed models combining document , label , and hierarchy level multinomials , with feature pre - processing using variants of tf - idf and bm25 . additional diversification is introduced by different types of folds and random search ←
→ active learning of strict partial orders : a case study on concept prerequisite relations ; strict partial order is a mathematical structure commonly seen in relational data . one obstacle to extracting such type of relations at scale is the lack of large - scale labels for building effective data - driven solutions . we develop an active learning framework for mining such relations subject to a strict order . our approach incorporates relational reasoning not only in finding new unlabeled pairs whose labels can ←
→ recurrent semi - supervised classification and constrained adversarial generation with motion capture data ; we explore recurrent encoder multi - decoder neural network architectures for semi - supervised sequence classification and reconstruction . we find that the use of multiple reconstruction modules helps models generalize in a classification task when only a small amount of labeled data is available . our classification experiments are conducted using three well known skeletal motion datasets . we also explo ←
→ should terminology principles be re - examined ? ; operationalization of terminology for it applications has revived the wusterian approach . the conceptual dimension once more prevails after taking back seat to specialised lexicography . this is demonstrated by the emergence of ontology in terminology . while the terminology principles as defined in felber manual and the iso standards remain at the core of traditional terminology , their computational implementation raises some issues . in this article , while reit ←
→ a refined view of causal graphs and component sizes : sp - closed graph classes and beyond ; the causal graph of a planning instance is an important tool for planning both in practice and in theory . the theoretical studies of causal graphs have largely analysed the computational complexity of planning for instances where the causal graph has a certain structure , often in combination with other parameters like the domain size of the variables . chen and gimand # 233 ; nez ignored even the structure and considered ←
→ hilbert space embedding for dirichlet process mixtures ; this paper proposes a hilbert space embedding for dirichlet process mixture models via a stick - breaking construction of sethuraman . although bayesian nonparametrics offers a powerful approach to construct a prior that avoids the need to specify the model size / complexity explicitly , an exact inference is often intractable . on the other hand , frequentist approaches such as kernel machines , which suffer from the model selection / comparison problems , often ←
→ deep learning with domain adaptation for accelerated projection - reconstruction mr ; purpose : the radial k - space trajectory is a well - established sampling trajectory used in conjunction with magnetic resonance imaging . however , the radial k - space trajectory requires a large number of radial lines for high - resolution reconstruction . increasing the number of radial lines causes longer acquisition time , making it more difficult for routine clinical use . on the other hand , if we reduce the number of radial lin ←
→ the horse raced past : gardenpath processing in dynamical systems ; i pinpoint an interesting similarity between a recent account to rational parsing and the treatment of sequential decisions problems in a dynamical systems approach . i argue that expectation - driven search heuristics aiming at fast computation resembles a high - risk decision strategy in favor of large transition velocities . hale ' s rational parser , combining generalized left - corner parsing with informed $\ mathrm { a }^*$ search to resolve processi ←
→ an implementation of back - propagation learning on gf11 , a large simd parallel computer ; current connectionist simulations require huge computational resources . we describe a neural network simulator for the ibm gf11 , an experimental simd machine with 566 processors and a peak arithmetic performance of 11 gigaflops . we present our parallel implementation of the backpropagation learning algorithm , techniques for increasing efficiency , performance measurements on the nettalk text - to - speech benchmark , and a ←
→ semantics , modelling , and the problem of representation of meaning -- a brief survey of recent literature ; over the past 50 years many have debated what representation should be used to capture the meaning of natural language utterances . recently new needs of such representations have been raised in research . here i survey some of the interesting representations suggested to answer for these new needs .←
→ a clustering approach to learn sparsely - used overcomplete dictionaries ; we consider the problem of learning overcomplete dictionaries in the context of sparse coding , where each sample selects a sparse subset of dictionary elements . our main result is a strategy to approximately recover the unknown dictionary using an efficient algorithm . our algorithm is a clustering - style procedure , where each cluster is used to estimate a dictionary element . the resulting solution can often be further cleaned up to obta ←
→ seqface : make full use of sequence information for face recognitio ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have greatly improved the face recognition ( fr ) performance in recent years . almost all cnns in fr are trained on the carefully labeled datasets containing plenty of identities . however , such high - quality datasets are very expensive to collect , which restricts many researchers to achieve state - of - the - art performance . in this paper , we propose a framework , called seqface , for learning discriminative ←
→ on large - scale retrieval : binary or n - ary coding ? ; the growing amount of data available in modern - day datasets makes the need to efficiently search and retrieve information . to make large - scale search feasible , distance estimation and subset indexing are the main approaches . although binary coding has been popular for implementing both techniques , n - ary coding ( known as product quantization ) is also very effective for distance estimation . however , their relative performance has not been studied for subset ←
→ temporal localization of fine - grained actions in videos by domain transfer from web images ; we address the problem of fine - grained action localization from temporally untrimmed web videos . we assume that only weak video - level annotations are available for training . the goal is to use these weak labels to identify temporal segments corresponding to the actions , and learn models that generalize to unconstrained web videos . we find that web images queried by action names serve as well - localized highlights f ←
→ from images to sentences through scene description graphs using commonsense reasoning and knowledge ; in this paper we propose the construction of linguistic descriptions of images . this is achieved through the extraction of scene description graphs ( sdgs ) from visual scenes using an automatically constructed knowledge base . sdgs are constructed using both vision and reasoning . specifically , commonsense reasoning is applied on ( a ) detections obtained from existing perception methods on given images , ( b ) a ←
→ geometric tree kernels : classification of copd from airway tree geometry ; methodological contributions : this paper introduces a family of kernels for analyzing ( anatomical ) trees endowed with vector valued measurements made along the tree . while state - of - the - art graph and tree kernels use combinatorial tree / graph structure with discrete node and edge labels , the kernels presented in this paper can include geometric information such as branch shape , branch radius or other vector valued properties . in additi ←
→ implicit discourse relation classification via multi - task neural networks ; without discourse connectives , classifying implicit discourse relations is a challenging task and a bottleneck for building a practical discourse parser . previous research usually makes use of one kind of discourse framework such as pdtb or rst to improve the classification performance on discourse relations . actually , under different discourse annotation frameworks , there exist multiple corpora which have internal connections . to ←
→ a computational approach to automatic prediction of drunk texting ; alcohol abuse may lead to unsociable behavior such as crime , drunk driving , or privacy leaks . we introduce automatic drunk - texting prediction as the task of identifying whether a text was written when under the influence of alcohol . we experiment with tweets labeled using hashtags as distant supervision . our classifiers use a set of n - gram and stylistic features to detect drunk tweets . our observations present the first quantitative evidenc ←
→ ideal : a software package for analysis of influence diagrams ; ideal ( influence diagram evaluation and analysis in lisp ) is a software environment for creation and evaluation of belief networks and influence diagrams . ideal is primarily a research tool and provides an implementation of many of the latest developments in belief network and influence diagram evaluation in a unified framework . this paper describes ideal and some lessons learned during its development .←
→ speeding - up convergence via sequential subspace optimization : current state and future directions ; this is an overview paper written in style of research proposal . in recent years we introduced a general framework for large - scale unconstrained optimization -- sequential subspace optimization ( sesop ) and demonstrated its usefulness for sparsity - based signal / image denoising , deconvolution , compressive sensing , computed tomography , diffraction imaging , support vector machines . we explored its combination wi ←
→ online and distributed learning of gaussian mixture models by bayesian moment matching ; the gaussian mixture model is a classic technique for clustering and data modeling that is used in numerous applications . with the rise of big data , there is a need for parameter estimation techniques that can handle streaming data and distribute the computation over several processors . while online variants of the expectation maximization ( em ) algorithm exist , their data efficiency is reduced by a stochastic approxim ←
→ a hierarchical image matting model for blood vessel segmentation in fundus images ; in this paper , a hierarchical image matting model is proposed to extract blood vessels from fundus images . more specifically , a hierarchical strategy utilizing the continuity and extendibility of retinal blood vessels is integrated into the image matting model for blood vessel segmentation . normally the matting models require the user specified trimap , which separates the input image into three regions manually : the foregr ←
→ condition for neighborhoods induced by a covering to be equal to the covering itself ; it is a meaningful issue that under what condition neighborhoods induced by a covering are equal to the covering itself . a necessary and sufficient condition for this issue has been provided by some scholars . in this paper , through a counter - example , we firstly point out the necessary and sufficient condition is false . second , we present a necessary and sufficient condition for this issue . third , we concentrate on the i ←
→ loyalty in online communities ; loyalty is an essential component of multi - community engagement . when users have the choice to engage with a variety of different communities , they often become loyal to just one , focusing on that community at the expense of others . however , it is unclear how loyalty is manifested in user behavior , or whether loyalty is encouraged by certain community characteristics . in this paper we operationalize loyalty as a user - community relation : users loyal to a community consistent ←
→ relevant sparse codes with variational information bottleneck ; in many applications , it is desirable to extract only the relevant aspects of data . a principled way to do this is the information bottleneck ( ib ) method , where one seeks a code that maximizes information about a ' relevance ' variable , y , while constraining the information encoded about the original data , x . unfortunately however , the ib method is computationally demanding when data are high - dimensional and / or non - gaussian . here we propose an ap ←
→ self - organisation of evolving agent populations in digital ecosystems ; we investigate the self - organising behaviour of digital ecosystems , because a primary motivation for our research is to exploit the self - organising properties of biological ecosystems . we extended a definition for the complexity , grounded in the biological sciences , providing a measure of the information in an organism ' s genome . next , we extended a definition for the stability , originating from the computer sciences , based upon converge ←
→ characterizing the set of coherent lower previsions with a finite number of constraints or vertices ; the standard coherence criterion for lower previsions is expressed using an infinite number of linear constraints . for lower previsions that are essentially defined on some finite set of gambles on a finite possibility space , we present a reformulation of this criterion that only uses a finite number of constraints . any such lower prevision is coherent if it lies within the convex polytope defined by thes ←
→ policy recognition in the abstract hidden markov model ; in this paper , we present a method for recognising an agent ' s behaviour in dynamic , noisy , uncertain domains , and across multiple levels of abstraction . we term this problem on - line plan recognition under uncertainty and view it generally as probabilistic inference on the stochastic process representing the execution of the agent ' s plan . our contributions in this paper are twofold . in terms of probabilistic inference , we introduce the abstract hidden ←
→ deeptype : multilingual entity linking by neural type system evolution ; the wealth of structured ( e . g . wikidata ) and unstructured data about the world available today presents an incredible opportunity for tomorrow ' s artificial intelligence . so far , integration of these two different modalities is a difficult process , involving many decisions concerning how best to represent the information so that it will be captured or useful , and hand - labeling large amounts of data . deeptype overcomes this challenge by e ←
→ dynamic stacked generalization for node classification on networks ; we propose a novel stacked generalization ( stacking ) method as a dynamic ensemble technique using a pool of heterogeneous classifiers for node label classification on networks . the proposed method assigns component models a set of functional coefficients , which can vary smoothly with certain topological features of a node . compared to the traditional stacking model , the proposed method can dynamically adjust the weights of individual model ←
→ recognition of expression variant faces using masked log - gabor features and principal component analysis ; in this article we propose a method for the recognition of faces with different facial expressions . for recognition we extract feature vectors by using log - gabor filters of multiple orientations and scales . using sliding window algorithm and variances - based masking these features are extracted at image regions that are less affected by the changes of facial expressions . extracted features are passed ←
→ a systematic approach to artificial agents ; agents and agent systems are becoming more and more important in the development of a variety of fields such as ubiquitous computing , ambient intelligence , autonomous computing , intelligent systems and intelligent robotics . the need for improvement of our basic knowledge on agents is very essential . we take a systematic approach and present extended classification of artificial agents which can be useful for understanding of what artificial agents are and what th ←
→ random forest missing data algorithms ; random forest ( rf ) missing data algorithms are an attractive approach for dealing with missing data . they have the desirable properties of being able to handle mixed types of missing data , they are adaptive to interactions and nonlinearity , and they have the potential to scale to big data settings . currently there are many different rf imputation algorithms but relatively little guidance about their efficacy , which motivated us to study their performance . using a larg ←
→ how do neurons operate on sparse distributed representations ? a mathematical theory of sparsity , neurons and active dendrites ; we propose a formal mathematical model for sparse representations and active dendrites in neocortex . our model is inspired by recent experimental findings on active dendritic processing and nmda spikes in pyramidal neurons . these experimental and modeling studies suggest that the basic unit of pattern memory in the neocortex is instantiated by small clusters of synapses operated ←
→ deep feature flow for video recognition ; deep convolutional neutral networks have achieved great success on image recognition tasks . yet , it is non - trivial to transfer the state - of - the - art image recognition networks to videos as per - frame evaluation is too slow and unaffordable . we present deep feature flow , a fast and accurate framework for video recognition . it runs the expensive convolutional sub - network only on sparse key frames and propagates their deep feature maps to other frames via a flow field . i ←
→ sift - based ear recognition by fusion of detected keypoints from color similarity slice regions ; ear biometric is considered as one of the most reliable and invariant biometrics characteristics in line with iris and fingerprint characteristics . in many cases , ear biometrics can be compared with face biometrics regarding many physiological and texture characteristics . in this paper , a robust and efficient ear recognition system is presented , which uses scale invariant feature transform ( sift ) as feature de ←
→ using more data to speed - up training time ; in many recent applications , data is plentiful . by now , we have a rather clear understanding of how more data can be used to improve the accuracy of learning algorithms . recently , there has been a growing interest in understanding how more data can be leveraged to reduce the required training runtime . in this paper , we study the runtime of learning as a function of the number of available training examples , and underscore the main high - level techniques . we provide ←
→ predicting the effectiveness of self - training : application to sentiment classification ; the goal of this paper is to investigate the connection between the performance gain that can be obtained by selftraining and the similarity between the corpora used in this approach . self - training is a semi - supervised technique designed to increase the performance of machine learning algorithms by automatically classifying instances of a task and adding these as additional training material to the same classifier . in ←
→ a natural approach to studying schema processing ; the building block hypothesis ( bbh ) states that adaptive systems combine good partial solutions ( so - called building blocks ) to find increasingly better solutions . it is thought that genetic algorithms ( gas ) implement the bbh . however , for gas building blocks are semi - theoretical objects in that they are thought only to be implicitly exploited via the selection and crossover operations of a ga . in the current work , we discover a mathematical method to identi ←
→ random feedback weights support learning in deep neural networks ; the brain processes information through many layers of neurons . this deep architecture is representationally powerful , but it complicates learning by making it hard to identify the responsible neurons when a mistake is made . in machine learning , the backpropagation algorithm assigns blame to a neuron by computing exactly how it contributed to an error . to do this , it multiplies error signals by matrices consisting of all the synaptic weights ←
→ stochastic cubic regularization for fast nonconvex optimization ; this paper proposes a stochastic variant of a classic algorithm --- the cubic - regularized newton method [ nesterov and polyak 2006 ]. the proposed algorithm efficiently escapes saddle points and finds approximate local minima for general smooth , nonconvex functions in only $\ mathcal {\ tilde { o }}(\ epsilon ^{- 3 . 5 })$ stochastic gradient and stochastic hessian - vector product evaluations . the latter can be computed as efficiently as stochastic gradients .←
→ parameter estimation of hidden diffusion processes : particle filter vs . modified baum - welch algorithm ; we propose a new method for the estimation of parameters of hidden diffusion processes . based on parametrization of the transition matrix , the baum - welch algorithm is improved . the algorithm is compared to the particle filter in application to the noisy periodic systems . it is shown that the modified baum - welch algorithm is capable of estimating the system parameters with better accuracy than particle f ←
→ texture measures combination for improved meningioma classification of histopathological images ; providing an improved technique which can assist pathologists in correctly classifying meningioma tumours with a significant accuracy is our main objective . the proposed technique , which is based on optimum texture measure combination , inspects the separability of the rgb colour channels and selects the channel which best segments the cell nuclei of the histopathological images . the morphological gradient was ←
→ neural variational inference and learning in undirected graphical models ; many problems in machine learning are naturally expressed in the language of undirected graphical models . here , we propose black - box learning and inference algorithms for undirected models that optimize a variational approximation to the log - likelihood of the model . central to our approach is an upper bound on the log - partition function parametrized by a function q that we express as a flexible neural network . our bound makes it poss ←
→ on study of the reliable fully convolutional networks with tree arranged outputs ( tao - fcn ) for handwritten string recognition ; the handwritten string recognition is still a challengeable task , though the powerful deep learning tools were introduced . in this paper , based on tao - fcn , we proposed an end - to - end system for handwritten string recognition . compared with the conventional methods , there is no preprocess nor manually designed rules employed . with enough labelled data , it is easy to apply the propo ←
→ efficient continuous relaxations for dense crf ; dense conditional random fields ( crf ) with gaussian pairwise potentials have emerged as a popular framework for several computer vision applications such as stereo correspondence and semantic segmentation . by modeling long - range interactions , dense crfs provide a more detailed labelling compared to their sparse counterparts . variational inference in these dense models is performed using a filtering - based mean - field algorithm in order to obtain a fully - factori ←
→ sélection de la structure d ' un perceptron multicouches pour la réduction dun modèle de simulation d ' une scierie ; simulation is often used to evaluate the relevance of a directing program of production ( pdp ) or to evaluate its impact on detailed sc \' enarii of scheduling . within this framework , we propose to reduce the complexity of a model of simulation by exploiting a multilayer perceptron . a main phase of the modeling of one system using a multilayer perceptron remains the determination of the structure ←
→ abductive equivalential translation and its application to natural language database interfacing ; the thesis describes a logical formalization of natural - language database interfacing . we assume the existence of a `` natural language engine '' capable of mediating between surface linguistic string and their representations as `` literal '' logical forms : the focus of interest will be the question of relating `` literal '' logical forms to representations in terms of primitives meaningful to the underlying data ←
→ disentangled person image generation ; generating novel , yet realistic , images of persons is a challenging task due to the complex interplay between the different image factors , such as the foreground , background and pose information . in this work , we aim at generating such images based on a novel , two - stage reconstruction pipeline that learns a disentangled representation of the aforementioned image factors and generates novel person images at the same time . first , a multi - branched reconstruction network i ←
→ diverse beam search for increased novelty in abstractive summarization ; text summarization condenses a text to a shorter version while retaining the important informations . abstractive summarization is a recent development that generates new phrases , rather than simply copying or rephrasing sentences within the original text . recently neural sequence - to - sequence models have achieved good results in the field of abstractive summarization , which opens new possibilities and applications for industrial purpose ←
→ automatic understanding of image and video advertisements ; there is more to images than their objective physical content : for example , advertisements are created to persuade a viewer to take a certain action . we propose the novel problem of automatic advertisement understanding . to enable research on this problem , we create two datasets : an image dataset of 64 , 832 image ads , and a video dataset of 3 , 477 ads . our data contains rich annotations encompassing the topic and sentiment of the ads , questions and a ←
→ spherical paragraph model ; representing texts as fixed - length vectors is central to many language processing tasks . most traditional methods build text representations based on the simple bag - of - words ( bow ) representation , which loses the rich semantic relations between words . recent advances in natural language processing have shown that semantically meaningful representations of words can be efficiently acquired by distributed models , making it possible to build text representations based on a better fou ←
→ reasoning about pragmatics with neural listeners and speakers ; we present a model for pragmatically describing scenes , in which contrastive behavior results from a combination of inference - driven pragmatics and learned semantics . like previous learned approaches to language generation , our model uses a simple feature - driven architecture ( here a pair of neural " listener " and " speaker " models ) to ground language in the world . like inference - driven approaches to pragmatics , our model actively reasons about li ←
→ finding exogenous variables in data with many more variables than observations ; many statistical methods have been proposed to estimate causal models in classical situations with fewer variables than observations ( p < n , p : the number of variables and n : the number of observations ). however , modern datasets including gene expression data need high - dimensional causal modeling in challenging situations with orders of magnitude more variables than observations ( p >> n ). in this paper , we propose a method to fin ←
→ techniques for clustering interaction data as a collection of graphs ; a natural approach to analyze interaction data of form " what - connects - to - what - when " is to create a time - series ( or rather a sequence ) of graphs through temporal discretization ( bandwidth selection ) and spatial discretization ( vertex contraction ). such discretization together with non - negative factorization techniques can be useful for obtaining clustering of graphs . motivating application of performing clustering of graphs ( as opposed to ←
→ stochastic planning and lifted inference ; lifted probabilistic inference ( poole , 2003 ) and symbolic dynamic programming for lifted stochastic planning ( boutilier et al , 2001 ) were introduced around the same time as algorithmic efforts to use abstraction in stochastic systems . over the years , these ideas evolved into two distinct lines of research , each supported by a rich literature . lifted probabilistic inference focused on efficient arithmetic operations on template - based graphical models under a finite ←
→ targetable named entity recognition in social media ; we present a novel approach for recognizing what we call targetable named entities ; that is , named entities in a targeted set ( e . g , movies , books , tv shows ). unlike many other ner systems that need to retrain their statistical models as new entities arrive , our approach does not require such retraining , which makes it more adaptable for types of entities that are frequently updated . for this preliminary study , we focus on one entity type , movie title , us ←
→ overcoming catastrophic forgetting with hard attention to the task ; catastrophic forgetting occurs when a neural network loses the information learned in a previous task after training on subsequent tasks . this problem remains a hurdle for artificial intelligence systems with sequential learning capabilities . in this paper , we propose a task - based hard attention mechanism that preserves previous tasks ' information without affecting the current task ' s learning . a hard attention mask is learned concurrently ←
→ quantum structure in cognition , origins , developments , successes and expectations ; we provide an overview of the results we have attained in the last decade on the identification of quantum structures in cognition and , more specifically , in the formalization and representation of natural concepts . we firstly discuss the quantum foundational reasons that led us to investigate the mechanisms of formation and combination of concepts in human reasoning , starting from the empirically observed deviations from ←
→ conceptlearner : discovering visual concepts from weakly labeled image collections ; discovering visual knowledge from weakly labeled data is crucial to scale up computer vision recognition system , since it is expensive to obtain fully labeled data for a large number of concept categories . in this paper , we propose conceptlearner , which is a scalable approach to discover visual concepts from weakly labeled image collections . thousands of visual concept detectors are learned automatically , without human in ←
→ integration of a predictive , continuous time neural network into securities market trading operations ; this paper describes recent development and test implementation of a continuous time recurrent neural network that has been configured to predict rates of change in securities . it presents outcomes in the context of popular technical analysis indicators and highlights the potential impact of continuous predictive capability on securities market trading operations .←
→ linking makinson and kraus - lehmann - magidor preferential entailments ; about ten years ago , various notions of preferential entailment have been introduced . the main reference is a paper by kraus , lehmann and magidor ( klm ), one of the main competitor being a more general version defined by makinson ( mak ). these two versions have already been compared , but it is time to revisit these comparisons . here are our three main results : ( 1 ) these two notions are equivalent , provided that we restrict our attention , as ←
→ hand gesture recognition library ; in this paper we have presented a hand gesture recognition library . various functions include detecting cluster count , cluster orientation , finger pointing direction , etc . to use these functions first the input image needs to be processed into a logical array for which a function has been developed . the library has been developed keeping flexibility in mind and thus provides application developers a wide range of options to develop custom gestures .←
→ weight - based fish school search algorithm for many - objective optimization ; optimization problems with more than one objective consist in a very attractive topic for researchers due to its applicability in real - world situations . over the years , the research effort in computational intelligence area resulted in algorithms able to achieve good results by solving problems with more than one conflicting objective . however , these techniques do not exhibit the same performance as the number of objectives increa ←
→ probability reversal and the disjunction effect in reasoning systems ; data based judgments go into artificial intelligence applications but they undergo paradoxical reversal when seemingly unnecessary additional data is provided . examples of this are simpson ' s reversal and the disjunction effect where the beliefs about the data change once it is presented or aggregated differently . sometimes the significance of the difference can be evaluated using statistical tests such as pearson ' s chi - squared or fisher '←
→ learning reporting dynamics during breaking news for rumour detection in social media ; breaking news leads to situations of fast - paced reporting in social media , producing all kinds of updates related to news stories , albeit with the caveat that some of those early updates tend to be rumours , i . e ., information with an unverified status at the time of posting . flagging information that is unverified can be helpful to avoid the spread of information that may turn out to be false . detection of rumours can a ←
→ dependent hierarchical normalized random measures for dynamic topic modeling ; we develop dependent hierarchical normalized random measures and apply them to dynamic topic modeling . the dependency arises via superposition , subsampling and point transition on the underlying poisson processes of these measures . the measures used include normalised generalised gamma processes that demonstrate power law properties , unlike dirichlet processes used previously in dynamic topic modeling . inference for the model i ←
→ small - footprint keyword spotting using deep neural network and connectionist temporal classifier ; mainly for the sake of solving the lack of keyword - specific data , we propose one keyword spotting ( kws ) system using deep neural network ( dnn ) and connectionist temporal classifier ( ctc ) on power - constrained small - footprint mobile devices , taking full advantage of general corpus from continuous speech recognition which is of great amount . dnn is to directly predict the posterior of phoneme units of any perso ←
→ reconstructing subclonal composition and evolution from whole genome sequencing of tumors ; tumors often contain multiple subpopulations of cancerous cells defined by distinct somatic mutations . we describe a new method , phylowgs , that can be applied to wgs data from one or more tumor samples to reconstruct complete genotypes of these subpopulations based on variant allele frequencies ( vafs ) of point mutations and population frequencies of structural variations . we introduce a principled phylogenic correc ←
→ distinguishing fact from fiction : pattern recognition in texts using complex networks ; we establish concrete mathematical criteria to distinguish between different kinds of written storytelling , fictional and non - fictional . specifically , we constructed a semantic network from both novels and news stories , with $ n $ independent words as vertices or nodes , and edges or links allotted to words occurring within $ m $ places of a given vertex ; we call $ m $ the word distance . we then used measures from complex net ←
→ solve - select - scale : a three step process for sparse signal estimation ; in the theory of compressed sensing ( cs ), the sparsity $\| x \| _0 $ of the unknown signal $\ mathbf { x } \ in \ mathcal { r }^ n $ is of prime importance and the focus of reconstruction algorithms has mainly been either $\| x \| _0 $ or its convex relaxation ( via $\| x \| _1 $). however , it is typically unknown in practice and has remained a challenge when nothing about the size of the support is known . as pointed recently , $\| x \| _0 $ might not be the best m ←
→ higher order conditional random fields in deep neural networks ; we address the problem of semantic segmentation using deep learning . most segmentation systems include a conditional random field ( crf ) to produce a structured output that is consistent with the image ' s visual features . recent deep learning approaches have incorporated crfs into convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), with some even training the crf end - to - end with the rest of the network . however , these approaches have not employed higher order ←
→ exploring prediction uncertainty in machine translation quality estimation ; machine translation quality estimation is a notoriously difficult task , which lessens its usefulness in real - world translation environments . such scenarios can be improved if quality predictions are accompanied by a measure of uncertainty . however , models in this task are traditionally evaluated only in terms of point estimate metrics , which do not take prediction uncertainty into account . we investigate probabilistic methods for ←
→ distributed flexible nonlinear tensor factorization ; tensor factorization is a powerful tool to analyse multi - way data . compared with traditional multi - linear methods , nonlinear tensor factorization models are capable of capturing more complex relationships in the data . however , they are computationally expensive and may suffer severe learning bias in case of extreme data sparsity . to overcome these limitations , in this paper we propose a distributed , flexible nonlinear tensor factorization model . our mode ←
→ iterative instance segmentation ; existing methods for pixel - wise labelling tasks generally disregard the underlying structure of labellings , often leading to predictions that are visually implausible . while incorporating structure into the model should improve prediction quality , doing so is challenging - manually specifying the form of structural constraints may be impractical and inference often becomes intractable even if structural constraints are given . we sidestep this problem by reducing structured ←
→ a ' gibbs - newton ' technique for enhanced inference of multivariate polya parameters and topic models ; hyper - parameters play a major role in the learning and inference process of latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ). in order to begin the lda latent variables learning process , these hyper - parameters values need to be pre - determined . we propose an extension for lda that we call ' latent dirichlet allocation gibbs newton ' ( lda - gn ), which places non - informative priors over these hyper - parameters and uses gibbs sa ←
→ complexity - aware assignment of latent values in discriminative models for accurate gesture recognition ; many of the state - of - the - art algorithms for gesture recognition are based on conditional random fields ( crfs ). successful approaches , such as the latent - dynamic crfs , extend the crf by incorporating latent variables , whose values are mapped to the values of the labels . in this paper we propose a novel methodology to set the latent values according to the gesture complexity . we use an heuristic that ite ←
→ automatic face reenactment ; we propose an image - based , facial reenactment system that replaces the face of an actor in an existing target video with the face of a user from a source video , while preserving the original target performance . our system is fully automatic and does not require a database of source expressions . instead , it is able to produce convincing reenactment results from a short source video captured with an off - the - shelf camera , such as a webcam , where the user performs arbitrary facial g ←
→ artificial neural network - based error compensation procedure for low - cost encoders ; an artificial neural network - based error compensation method is proposed for improving the accuracy of resolver - based 16 - bit encoders by compensating for their respective systematic error profiles . the error compensation procedure , for a particular encoder , involves obtaining its error profile by calibrating it on a precision rotary table , training the neural network by using a part of this data and then determining the c ←
→ classifying relations by ranking with convolutional neural networks ; relation classification is an important semantic processing task for which state - ofthe - art systems still rely on costly handcrafted features . in this work we tackle the relation classification task using a convolutional neural network that performs classification by ranking ( cr - cnn ). we propose a new pairwise ranking loss function that makes it easy to reduce the impact of artificial classes . we perform experiments using the the semeval - 2 ←
→ afif4 : deep gender classification based on adaboost - based fusion of isolated facial features and foggy faces ; gender classification aims at recognizing a person ' s gender . despite the high accuracy achieved by state - of - the - art methods for this task , there is still room for improvement in generalized and unrestricted datasets . in this paper , we advocate a new strategy inspired by the behavior of humans in gender recognition . instead of dealing with the face image as a sole feature , we rely on the combinati ←
→ learning spatiotemporal features for infrared action recognition with 3d convolutional neural networks ; infrared ( ir ) imaging has the potential to enable more robust action recognition systems compared to visible spectrum cameras due to lower sensitivity to lighting conditions and appearance variability . while the action recognition task on videos collected from visible spectrum imaging has received much attention , action recognition in ir videos is significantly less explored . our objective is to exploi ←
→ disunited nations ? a multiplex network approach to detecting preference affinity blocs using texts and votes ; this paper contributes to an emerging literature that models votes and text in tandem to better understand polarization of expressed preferences . it introduces a new approach to estimate preference polarization in multidimensional settings , such as international relations , based on developments in the natural language processing and network science literatures -- namely word embeddings , which ret ←
→ modular self - organization ; the aim of this paper is to provide a sound framework for addressing a difficult problem : the automatic construction of an autonomous agent ' s modular architecture . we combine results from two apparently uncorrelated domains : autonomous planning through markov decision processes and a general data clustering approach using a kernel - like method . our fundamental idea is that the former is a good framework for addressing autonomy whereas the latter allows to tackle self - organizing pr ←
→( weak ) calibration is computationally hard ; we show that the existence of a computationally efficient calibration algorithm , with a low weak calibration rate , would imply the existence of an efficient algorithm for computing approximate nash equilibria - thus implying the unlikely conclusion that every problem in ppad is solvable in polynomial time .←
→ semantic , cognitive , and perceptual computing : advances toward computing for human experience ; the world wide web continues to evolve and serve as the infrastructure for carrying massive amounts of multimodal and multisensory observations . these observations capture various situations pertinent to people ' s needs and interests along with all their idiosyncrasies . to support human - centered computing that empower people in making better and timely decisions , we look towards computation that is inspired by h ←
→ hmm and dtw for evaluation of therapeutical gestures using kinect ; automatic recognition of the quality of movement in human beings is a challenging task , given the difficulty both in defining the constraints that make a movement correct , and the difficulty in using noisy data to determine if these constraints were satisfied . this paper presents a method for the detection of deviations from the correct form in movements from physical therapy routines based on hidden markov models , which is compared to dyna ←
→ electronic geometry textbook : a geometric textbook knowledge management system ; electronic geometry textbook is a knowledge management system that manages geometric textbook knowledge to enable users to construct and share dynamic geometry textbooks interactively and efficiently . based on a knowledge base organizing and storing the knowledge represented in specific languages , the system implements interfaces for maintaining the data representing that knowledge as well as relations among those data , for a ←
→ cvae - gan : fine - grained image generation through asymmetric training ; we present variational generative adversarial networks , a general learning framework that combines a variational auto - encoder with a generative adversarial network , for synthesizing images in fine - grained categories , such as faces of a specific person or objects in a category . our approach models an image as a composition of label and latent attributes in a probabilistic model . by varying the fine - grained category label fed into the resul ←
→ nag : network for adversary generation ; adversarial perturbations can pose a serious threat for deploying machine learning systems . recent works have shown existence of image - agnostic perturbations that can fool classifiers over most natural images . existing methods present optimization approaches that solve for a fooling objective with an imperceptibility constraint to craft the perturbations . however , for a given classifier , they generate one perturbation at a time , which is a single instance from the man ←
→ a framework in crm customer lifecycle : identify downward trend and potential issues detection ; customer retention is one of the primary goals in the area of customer relationship management . a mass of work exists in which machine learning models or business rules are established to predict churn . however , targeting users at an early stage when they start to show a downward trend is a better strategy . in downward trend prediction , the reasons why customers show a downward trend is of great interest in the ←
→ relative deviation learning bounds and generalization with unbounded loss functions ; we present an extensive analysis of relative deviation bounds , including detailed proofs of two - sided inequalities and their implications . we also give detailed proofs of two - sided generalization bounds that hold in the general case of unbounded loss functions , under the assumption that a moment of the loss is bounded . these bounds are useful in the analysis of importance weighting and other learning tasks such as unboun ←
→ on the lagrangian biduality of sparsity minimization problems ; recent results in compressive sensing have shown that , under certain conditions , the solution to an underdetermined system of linear equations with sparsity - based regularization can be accurately recovered by solving convex relaxations of the original problem . in this work , we present a novel primal - dual analysis on a class of sparsity minimization problems . we show that the lagrangian bidual ( i . e ., the lagrangian dual of the lagrangian dual ) o ←
→ the infochemical core ; vocalizations and less often gestures have been the object of linguistic research over decades . however , the development of a general theory of communication with human language as a particular case requires a clear understanding of the organization of communication through other means . infochemicals are chemical compounds that carry information and are employed by small organisms that cannot emit acoustic signals of optimal frequency to achieve successful communication . here the dis ←
→ why not be versatile ? applications of the sgnmt decoder for machine translation ; sgnmt is a decoding platform for machine translation which allows paring various modern neural models of translation with different kinds of constraints and symbolic models . in this paper , we describe three use cases in which sgnmt is currently playing an active role : ( 1 ) teaching as sgnmt is being used for course work and student theses in the mphil in machine learning , speech and language technology at the university of ca ←
→ a two - step learning approach for solving full and almost full cold start problems in dyadic prediction ; dyadic prediction methods operate on pairs of objects ( dyads ), aiming to infer labels for out - of - sample dyads . we consider the full and almost full cold start problem in dyadic prediction , a setting that occurs when both objects in an out - of - sample dyad have not been observed during training , or if one of them has been observed , but very few times . a popular approach for addressing this problem is to t ←
→ faster spatially regularized correlation filters for visual tracking ; discriminatively learned correlation filters ( dcf ) have been widely used in online visual tracking filed due to its simplicity and efficiency . these methods utilize a periodic assumption of the training samples to construct a circulant data matrix , which implicitly increases the training samples and reduces both storage and computational complexity . the periodic assumption also introduces unwanted boundary effects . recently , spatially reg ←
→ dimensionality reduction for click - through rate prediction : dense versus sparse representation ; in online advertising , display ads are increasingly being placed based on real - time auctions where the advertiser who wins gets to serve the ad . this is called real - time bidding ( rtb ). in rtb , auctions have very tight time constraints on the order of 100ms . therefore mechanisms for bidding intelligently such as clickthrough rate prediction need to be sufficiently fast . in this work , we propose to use dimension ←
→ frank - wolfe with subsampling oracle ; we analyze two novel randomized variants of the frank - wolfe ( fw ) or conditional gradient algorithm . while classical fw algorithms require solving a linear minimization problem over the domain at each iteration , the proposed method only requires to solve a linear minimization problem over a small \ emph { subset } of the original domain . the first algorithm that we propose is a randomized variant of the original fw algorithm and achieves a $\ mathcal { o }( 1 / t )$ sublinear conver ←
→ structural tags , annealing and automatic word classification ; this paper describes an automatic word classification system which uses a locally optimal annealing algorithm and average class mutual information . a new word - class representation , the structural tag is introduced and its advantages for use in statistical language modelling are presented . a summary of some results with the one million word lob corpus is given ; the algorithm is also shown to discover the vowel - consonant distinction and displays a ←
→ boosting in the presence of label noise ; boosting is known to be sensitive to label noise . we studied two approaches to improve adaboost ' s robustness against labelling errors . one is to employ a label - noise robust classifier as a base learner , while the other is to modify the adaboost algorithm to be more robust . empirical evaluation shows that a committee of robust classifiers , although converges faster than non label - noise aware adaboost , is still susceptible to label noise . however , pairing it with the ←
→ from end - user ' s requirements to web services retrieval : a semantic and intention - driven approach ; in this paper , we present satis , a framework to derive web service specifications from end - user ' s requirements in order to opera - tionalise business processes in the context of a specific application domain . the aim of satis is to provide to neuroscientists , which are not familiar with computer science , a complete solution to easily find a set of web services to implement an image processing pipeline . more pr ←
→ location - based reasoning about complex multi - agent behavior ; recent research has shown that surprisingly rich models of human activity can be learned from gps ( positional ) data . however , most effort to date has concentrated on modeling single individuals or statistical properties of groups of people . moreover , prior work focused solely on modeling actual successful executions ( and not failed or attempted executions ) of the activities of interest . we , in contrast , take on the task of understanding human int ←
→ machine teaching for bayesian learners in the exponential family ; what if there is a teacher who knows the learning goal and wants to design good training data for a machine learner ? we propose an optimal teaching framework aimed at learners who employ bayesian models . our framework is expressed as an optimization problem over teaching examples that balance the future loss of the learner and the effort of the teacher . this optimization problem is in general hard . in the case where the learner employs conju ←
→ a review of neural network based machine learning approaches for rotor angle stability control ; this paper reviews the current status and challenges of neural networks ( nns ) based machine learning approaches for modern power grid stability control including their design and implementation methodologies . nns are widely accepted as artificial intelligence ( ai ) approaches offering an alternative way to control complex and ill - defined problems . in this paper various application of nns for power system rotor ←
→ combining one - class classifiers via meta - learning ; selecting the best classifier among the available ones is a difficult task , especially when only instances of one class exist . in this work we examine the notion of combining one - class classifiers as an alternative for selecting the best classifier . in particular , we propose two new one - class classification performance measures to weigh classifiers and show that a simple ensemble that implements these measures can outperform the most popular one - class ense ←
→ dimensionality reduction by local discriminative gaussians ; we present local discriminative gaussian ( ldg ) dimensionality reduction , a supervised dimensionality reduction technique for classification . the ldg objective function is an approximation to the leave - one - out training error of a local quadratic discriminant analysis classifier , and thus acts locally to each training point in order to find a mapping where similar data can be discriminated from dissimilar data . while other state - of - the - art linear di ←
→ stochastic blockmodel approximation of a graphon : theory and consistent estimation ; non - parametric approaches for analyzing network data based on exchangeable graph models ( exgm ) have recently gained interest . the key object that defines an exgm is often referred to as a graphon . this non - parametric perspective on network modeling poses challenging questions on how to make inference on the graphon underlying observed network data . in this paper , we propose a computationally efficient procedure to estimat ←
→ robust classification for imprecise environments ; in real - world environments it usually is difficult to specify target operating conditions precisely , for example , target misclassification costs . this uncertainty makes building robust classification systems problematic . we show that it is possible to build a hybrid classifier that will perform at least as well as the best available classifier for any target conditions . in some cases , the performance of the hybrid actually can surpass that of the best known ←
→ recurrent neural network for text classification with multi - task learning ; neural network based methods have obtained great progress on a variety of natural language processing tasks . however , in most previous works , the models are learned based on single - task supervised objectives , which often suffer from insufficient training data . in this paper , we use the multi - task learning framework to jointly learn across multiple related tasks . based on recurrent neural network , we propose three different mechani ←
→ dealing with difficult minority labels in imbalanced mutilabel data sets ; multilabel classification is an emergent data mining task with a broad range of real world applications . learning from imbalanced multilabel data is being deeply studied latterly , and several resampling methods have been proposed in the literature . the unequal label distribution in most multilabel datasets , with disparate imbalance levels , could be a handicap while learning new classifiers . in addition , this characteristic challenges ←
→ discussion on mechanical learning and learning machine ; mechanical learning is a computing system that is based on a set of simple and fixed rules , and can learn from incoming data . a learning machine is a system that realizes mechanical learning . importantly , we emphasis that it is based on a set of simple and fixed rules , contrasting to often called machine learning that is sophisticated software based on very complicated mathematical theory , and often needs human intervene for software fine tune and man ←
→ finding structure in text , genome and other symbolic sequences ; the statistical methods derived and described in this thesis provide new ways to elucidate the structural properties of text and other symbolic sequences . generically , these methods allow detection of a difference in the frequency of a single feature , the detection of a difference between the frequencies of an ensemble of features and the attribution of the source of a text . these three abstract tasks suffice to solve problems in a wide variet ←
→ the marginal value of adaptive gradient methods in machine learning ; adaptive optimization methods , which perform local optimization with a metric constructed from the history of iterates , are becoming increasingly popular for training deep neural networks . examples include adagrad , rmsprop , and adam . we show that for simple overparameterized problems , adaptive methods often find drastically different solutions than gradient descent ( gd ) or stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ). we construct an illustrative bi ←
→ event specific multimodal pattern mining with image - caption pairs ; in this paper we describe a novel framework and algorithms for discovering image patch patterns from a large corpus of weakly supervised image - caption pairs generated from news events . current pattern mining techniques attempt to find patterns that are representative and discriminative , we stipulate that our discovered patterns must also be recognizable by humans and preferably with meaningful names . we propose a new multimodal pattern mini ←
→ learning recurrent representations for hierarchical behavior modeling ; we propose a framework for detecting action patterns from motion sequences and modeling the sensory - motor relationship of animals , using a generative recurrent neural network . the network has a discriminative part ( classifying actions ) and a generative part ( predicting motion ), whose recurrent cells are laterally connected , allowing higher levels of the network to represent high level phenomena . we test our framework on two types of dat ←
→ scalable and accurate online feature selection for big data ; feature selection is important in many big data applications . two critical challenges closely associate with big data . firstly , in many big data applications , the dimensionality is extremely high , in millions , and keeps growing . secondly , big data applications call for highly scalable feature selection algorithms in an online manner such that each feature can be processed in a sequential scan . we present saola , a scalable and accurate online appr ←
→ geo - distinctive visual element matching for location estimation of images ; we propose an image representation and matching approach that substantially improves visual - based location estimation for images . the main novelty of the approach , called distinctive visual element matching ( dvem ), is its use of representations that are specific to the query image whose location is being predicted . these representations are based on visual element clouds , which robustly capture the connection between the query and ←
→ mahnmf : manhattan non - negative matrix factorization ; non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) approximates a non - negative matrix $ x $ by a product of two non - negative low - rank factor matrices $ w $ and $ h $. nmf and its extensions minimize either the kullback - leibler divergence or the euclidean distance between $ x $ and $ w ^ t h $ to model the poisson noise or the gaussian noise . in practice , when the noise distribution is heavy tailed , they cannot perform well . this paper presents manhattan nmf ( mahnmf ) which mini ←
→ bilinear random projections for locality - sensitive binary codes ; locality - sensitive hashing ( lsh ) is a popular data - independent indexing method for approximate similarity search , where random projections followed by quantization hash the points from the database so as to ensure that the probability of collision is much higher for objects that are close to each other than for those that are far apart . most of high - dimensional visual descriptors for images exhibit a natural matrix structure . when visual desc ←
→ correcting errors in digital lexicographic resources using a dictionary manipulation language ; we describe a paradigm for combining manual and automatic error correction of noisy structured lexicographic data . modifications to the structure and underlying text of the lexicographic data are expressed in a simple , interpreted programming language . dictionary manipulation language ( dml ) commands identify nodes by unique identifiers , and manipulations are performed using simple commands such as create , move ,←
→ scene text eraser ; the character information in natural scene images contains various personal information , such as telephone numbers , home addresses , etc . it is a high risk of leakage the information if they are published . in this paper , we proposed a scene text erasing method to properly hide the information via an inpainting convolutional neural network ( cnn ) model . the input is a scene text image , and the output is expected to be text erased image with all the character regions filled up the colors of ←
→ determining semantic textual similarity using natural deduction proofs ; determining semantic textual similarity is a core research subject in natural language processing . since vector - based models for sentence representation often use shallow information , capturing accurate semantics is difficult . by contrast , logical semantic representations capture deeper levels of sentence semantics , but their symbolic nature does not offer graded notions of textual similarity . we propose a method for determining semant ←
→ from eliza to xiaoice : challenges and opportunities with social chatbots ; conversational systems have come a long way since their inception in the 1960s . after decades of research and development , we ' ve seen progress from eliza and parry in the 60 ' s and 70 ' s , to task - completion systems as in the darpa communicator program in the 2000s , to intelligent personal assistants such as siri in the 2010s , to today ' s social chatbots like xiaoice . social chatbots ' appeal lies not only in their ability to respond to u ←
→ proof system for plan verification under 0 - approximation semantics ; in this paper a proof system is developed for plan verification problems $\{ x \} c \{ y \}$ and $\{ x \} c \{ kw p \}$ under 0 - approximation semantics for ${\ mathcal a } _k $. here , for a plan $ c $, two sets $ x , y $ of fluent literals , and a literal $ p $, $\{ x \} c \{ y \}$ ( resp . $\{ x \} c \{ kw p \}$) means that all literals of $ y $ become true ( resp . $ p $ becomes known ) after executing $ c $ in any initial state in which all literals in $ x $ are true . then , soundness an ←
→ the matrix calculus you need for deep learning ; this paper is an attempt to explain all the matrix calculus you need in order to understand the training of deep neural networks . we assume no math knowledge beyond what you learned in calculus 1 , and provide links to help you refresh the necessary math where needed . note that you do not need to understand this material before you start learning to train and use deep learning in practice ; rather , this material is for those who are already familiar with the ba ←
→ spatio - temporal interaction model for crowd video analysis ; we present an unsupervised approach to analyze crowd at various levels of granularity $-$ individual , group and collective . we also propose a motion model to represent the collective motion of the crowd . the model captures the spatio - temporal interaction pattern of the crowd from the trajectory data captured over a time period . furthermore , we also propose an effective group detection algorithm that utilizes the eigenvectors of the interaction mat ←
→ model - based clustering with hidden markov model regression for time series with regime changes ; this paper introduces a novel model - based clustering approach for clustering time series which present changes in regime . it consists of a mixture of polynomial regressions governed by hidden markov chains . the underlying hidden process for each cluster activates successively several polynomial regimes during time . the parameter estimation is performed by the maximum likelihood method through a dedicated expec ←
→ the impact of coevolution and abstention on the emergence of cooperation ; this paper explores the coevolutionary optional prisoner ' s dilemma ( copd ) game , which is a simple model to coevolve game strategy and link weights of agents playing the optional prisoner ' s dilemma game . we consider a population of agents placed in a lattice grid with boundary conditions . a number of monte carlo simulations are performed to investigate the impacts of the copd game on the emergence of cooperation . results show that the ←
→ sequentially generated instance - dependent image representations for classification ; in this paper , we investigate a new framework for image classification that adaptively generates spatial representations . our strategy is based on a sequential process that learns to explore the different regions of any image in order to infer its category . in particular , the choice of regions is specific to each image , directed by the actual content of previously selected regions . the capacity of the system to handle inco ←
→ the dependence of frequency distributions on multiple meanings of words , codes and signs ; the dependence of the frequency distributions due to multiple meanings of words in a text is investigated by deleting letters . by coding the words with fewer letters the number of meanings per coded word increases . this increase is measured and used as an input in a predictive theory . for a text written in english , the word - frequency distribution is broad and fat - tailed , whereas if the words are only represented by ←
→ an introduction to artificial prediction markets for classification ; prediction markets are used in real life to predict outcomes of interest such as presidential elections . this paper presents a mathematical theory of artificial prediction markets for supervised learning of conditional probability estimators . the artificial prediction market is a novel method for fusing the prediction information of features or trained classifiers , where the fusion result is the contract price on the possible outcomes . th ←
→ exposing computer generated images by using deep convolutional neural networks ; the recent computer graphics developments have upraised the quality of the generated digital content , astonishing the most skeptical viewer . games and movies have taken advantage of this fact but , at the same time , these advances have brought serious negative impacts like the ones yielded by fakeimages produced with malicious intents . digital artists can compose artificial images capable of deceiving the great majority of peo ←
→ reference resolution within the framework of cognitive grammar ; following the principles of cognitive grammar , we concentrate on a model for reference resolution that attempts to overcome the difficulties previous approaches , based on the fundamental assumption that all reference ( independent on the type of the referring expression ) is accomplished via access to and restructuring of domains of reference rather than by direct linkage to the entities themselves . the model accounts for entities not explicitly ←
→ face translation between images and videos using identity - aware cyclegan ; this paper presents a new problem of unpaired face translation between images and videos , which can be applied to facial video prediction and enhancement . in this problem there exist two major technical challenges : 1 ) designing a robust translation model between static images and dynamic videos , and 2 ) preserving facial identity during image - video translation . to address such two problems , we generalize the state - of - the - art image - to -←
→ microexpnet : an extremely small and fast model for expression recognition from frontal face images ; this paper is aimed at creating extremely small and fast convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) for the problem of facial expression recognition ( fer ) from frontal face images . we show that , for this problem , translation invariance ( achieved through max - pooling layers ) degrades performance , especially when the network is small , and that the knowledge distillation method can be used to obtain extremely compres ←
→ correcting camera shake by incremental sparse approximation ; the problem of deblurring an image when the blur kernel is unknown remains challenging after decades of work . recently there has been rapid progress on correcting irregular blur patterns caused by camera shake , but there is still much room for improvement . we propose a new blind deconvolution method using incremental sparse edge approximation to recover images blurred by camera shake . we estimate the blur kernel first from only the strongest edge ←
→ scene - specific pedestrian detection based on parallel vision ; as a special type of object detection , pedestrian detection in generic scenes has made a significant progress trained with large amounts of labeled training data manually . while the models trained with generic dataset work bad when they are directly used in specific scenes . with special viewpoints , flow light and backgrounds , datasets from specific scenes are much different from the datasets from generic scenes . in order to make the generic scen ←
→ comparative study and optimization of feature - extraction techniques for content based image retrieval ; the aim of a content - based image retrieval ( cbir ) system , also known as query by image content ( qbic ), is to help users to retrieve relevant images based on their contents . cbir technologies provide a method to find images in large databases by using unique descriptors from a trained image . the image descriptors include texture , color , intensity and shape of the object inside an image . several feature - e ←
→ how essential are unstructured clinical narratives and information fusion to clinical trial recruitment ? ; electronic health records capture patient information using structured controlled vocabularies and unstructured narrative text . while structured data typically encodes lab values , encounters and medication lists , unstructured data captures the physician ' s interpretation of the patient ' s condition , prognosis , and response to therapeutic intervention . in this paper , we demonstrate that information extr ←
→ model - based clustering and segmentation of time series with changes in regime ; mixture model - based clustering , usually applied to multidimensional data , has become a popular approach in many data analysis problems , both for its good statistical properties and for the simplicity of implementation of the expectation - maximization ( em ) algorithm . within the context of a railway application , this paper introduces a novel mixture model for dealing with time series that are subject to changes in regime . the pro ←
→ a sequential thinning algorithm for multi - dimensional binary patterns ; thinning is the removal of contour pixels / points of connected components in an image to produce their skeleton with retained connectivity and structural properties . the output requirements of a thinning procedure often vary with application . this paper proposes a sequential algorithm that is very easy to understand and modify based on application to perform the thinning of multi - dimensional binary patterns . the algorithm was tested on 2 ←
→ transfer learning for ocropus model training on early printed books ; a method is presented that significantly reduces the character error rates for ocr text obtained from ocropus models trained on early printed books when only small amounts of diplomatic transcriptions are available . this is achieved by building from already existing models during training instead of starting from scratch . to overcome the discrepancies between the set of characters of the pretrained model and the additional ground truth th ←
→ entropy and syntropy in the context of five - valued logics ; this paper presents a five - valued representation of bifuzzy sets . this representation is related to a five - valued logic that uses the following values : true , false , inconsistent , incomplete and ambiguous . in the framework of five - valued representation , formulae for similarity , entropy and syntropy of bifuzzy sets are constructed .←
→ rapid learning with stochastic focus of attention ; we present a method to stop the evaluation of a decision making process when the result of the full evaluation is obvious . this trait is highly desirable for online margin - based machine learning algorithms where a classifier traditionally evaluates all the features for every example . we observe that some examples are easier to classify than others , a phenomenon which is characterized by the event when most of the features agree on the class of an example . ←
→ roi segmentation for feature extraction from human facial images ; human computer interaction ( hci ) is the biggest goal of computer vision researchers . features form the different facial images are able to provide a very deep knowledge about the activities performed by the different facial movements . in this paper we presented a technique for feature extraction from various regions of interest with the help of skin color segmentation technique , thresholding , knowledge based technique for face recognition .←
→$ ε $- lexicase selection : a probabilistic and multi - objective analysis of lexicase selection in continuous domains ; lexicase selection is a parent selection method that considers training cases individually , rather than in aggregate , when performing parent selection . whereas previous work has demonstrated the ability of lexicase selection to solve difficult problems , the central goal of this paper is to develop the theoretical underpinnings that explain its performance . to this end , we derive an analytical ←
→ satellite imagery analysis for operational damage assessment in emergency situations ; when major disaster occurs the questions are raised how to estimate the damage in time to support the decision making process and relief efforts by local authorities or humanitarian teams . in this paper we consider the use of machine learning and computer vision on remote sensing imagery to improve time efficiency of assessment of damaged buildings in disaster affected area . we propose a general workflow that can be use ←
→ approximate profile maximum likelihood ; we propose an efficient algorithm for approximate computation of the profile maximum likelihood ( pml ), a variant of maximum likelihood maximizing the probability of observing a sufficient statistic rather than the empirical sample . the pml has appealing theoretical properties , but is difficult to compute exactly . inspired by observations gleaned from exactly solvable cases , we look for an approximate pml solution , which , intuitively , clumps comparably frequent symbol ←
→ scene flow to action map : a new representation for rgb - d based action recognition with convolutional neural networks ; scene flow describes the motion of 3d objects in real world and potentially could be the basis of a good feature for 3d action recognition . however , its use for action recognition , especially in the context of convolutional neural networks ( convnets ), has not been previously studied . in this paper , we propose the extraction and use of scene flow for action recognition from rgb - d data . pre ←
→ end - to - end neural ad - hoc ranking with kernel pooling ; this paper proposes k - nrm , a kernel based neural model for document ranking . given a query and a set of documents , k - nrm uses a translation matrix that models word - level similarities via word embeddings , a new kernel - pooling technique that uses kernels to extract multi - level soft match features , and a learning - to - rank layer that combines those features into the final ranking score . the whole model is trained end - to - end . the ranking layer learns desired ←
→ sentiment analysis : how to derive prior polarities from sentiwordnet ; assigning a positive or negative score to a word out of context ( i . e . a word ' s prior polarity ) is a challenging task for sentiment analysis . in the literature , various approaches based on sentiwordnet have been proposed . in this paper , we compare the most often used techniques together with newly proposed ones and incorporate all of them in a learning framework to see whether blending them can further improve the estimation of prior pola ←
→ toward a combination rule to deal with partial conflict and specificity in belief functions theory ; we present and discuss a mixed conjunctive and disjunctive rule , a generalization of conflict repartition rules , and a combination of these two rules . in the belief functions theory one of the major problem is the conflict repartition enlightened by the famous zadeh ' s example . to date , many combination rules have been proposed in order to solve a solution to this problem . moreover , it can be important to c ←
→ dynamics based features for graph classification ; numerous social , medical , engineering and biological challenges can be framed as graph - based learning tasks . here , we propose a new feature based approach to network classification . we show how dynamics on a network can be useful to reveal patterns about the organization of the components of the underlying graph where the process takes place . we define generalized assortativities on networks and use them as generalized features across multiple time scales . ←
→ gradient importance sampling ; adaptive monte carlo schemes developed over the last years usually seek to ensure ergodicity of the sampling process in line with mcmc tradition . this poses constraints on what is possible in terms of adaptation . in the general case ergodicity can only be guaranteed if adaptation is diminished at a certain rate . importance sampling approaches offer a way to circumvent this limitation and design sampling algorithms that keep adapting . here i present a gradient informed variant ←
→ playing snes in the retro learning environment ; mastering a video game requires skill , tactics and strategy . while these attributes may be acquired naturally by human players , teaching them to a computer program is a far more challenging task . in recent years , extensive research was carried out in the field of reinforcement learning and numerous algorithms were introduced , aiming to learn how to perform human tasks such as playing video games . as a result , the arcade learning environment ( ale ) ( bellemare e ←
→ on choosing training and testing data for supervised algorithms in ground penetrating radar data for buried threat detection ; ground penetrating radar ( gpr ) is one of the most popular and successful sensing modalities that has been investigated for landmine and subsurface threat detection . many of the detection algorithms applied to this task are supervised and therefore require labeled examples of target and non - target data for training . training data most often consists of 2 - dimensional images ( or patc ←
→ 3d facial action units recognition for emotional expression ; the muscular activities caused the activation of certain aus for every facial expression at the certain duration of time throughout the facial expression . this paper presents the methods to recognise facial action unit ( au ) using facial distance of the facial features which activates the muscles . the seven facial action units involved are au1 , au4 , au6 , au12 , au15 , au17 and au25 that characterises happy and sad expression . the recognition is perf ←
→ a hybrid decision support system : application on healthcare ; many systems based on knowledge , especially expert systems for medical decision support have been developed . only systems are based on production rules , and cannot learn and evolve only by updating them . in addition , taking into account several criteria induces an exorbitant number of rules to be injected into the system . it becomes difficult to translate medical knowledge or a support decision as a simple rule . moreover , reasoning based on gene ←
→ task - based optimization of computed tomography imaging systems ; the goal of this thesis is to provide a framework for the use of task - based metrics of image quality to aid in the design , implementation , and evaluation of ct image reconstruction algorithms and ct systems in general . we support the view that task - based metrics of image quality can be useful in guiding the algorithm design and implementation process in order to yield images of objectively superior quality and higher utility for a given task . ←
→ curriculum learning by transfer learning : theory and experiments with deep networks ; our first contribution in this paper is a theoretical investigation of curriculum learning in the context of stochastic gradient descent when optimizing the least squares loss function . we prove that the rate of convergence of an ideal curriculum learning method in monotonically increasing with the difficulty of the examples , and that this increase in convergence rate is monotonically decreasing as training proceeds . in ←
→ max - margin deep generative models ; deep generative models ( dgms ) are effective on learning multilayered representations of complex data and performing inference of input data by exploring the generative ability . however , little work has been done on examining or empowering the discriminative ability of dgms on making accurate predictions . this paper presents max - margin deep generative models ( mmdgms ), which explore the strongly discriminative principle of max - margin learning to improve the discriminative p ←
→ sensitivity analysis for predictive uncertainty in bayesian neural networks ; we derive a novel sensitivity analysis of input variables for predictive epistemic and aleatoric uncertainty . we use bayesian neural networks with latent variables as a model class and illustrate the usefulness of our sensitivity analysis on real - world datasets . our method increases the interpretability of complex black - box probabilistic models .←
→ machine translation evaluation : a survey ; we introduce the machine translation ( mt ) evaluation survey that contains both manual and automatic evaluation methods . the traditional human evaluation criteria mainly include the intelligibility , fidelity , fluency , adequacy , comprehension , and informativeness . the advanced human assessments include task - oriented measures , post - editing , segment ranking , and extended criteriea , etc . we classify the automatic evaluation methods into two categories , including lexical ←
→ partially observable markov decision process for recommender systems ; we report the " recurrent deterioration " ( rd ) phenomenon observed in online recommender systems . the rd phenomenon is reflected by the trend of performance degradation when the recommendation model is always trained based on users ' feedbacks of the previous recommendations . there are several reasons for the recommender systems to encounter the rd phenomenon , including the lack of negative training data and the evolution of users ' interest ←
→ deep neural network architectures for modulation classification ; in this work , we investigate the value of employing deep learning for the task of wireless signal modulation recognition . recently in [ 1 ], a framework has been introduced by generating a dataset using gnu radio that mimics the imperfections in a real wireless channel , and uses 10 different modulation types . further , a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture was developed and shown to deliver performance that exceeds that of expert - bas ←
→ sparc - sorted asp with consistency restoring rules ; this is a preliminary report on the work aimed at making cr - prolog -- a version of asp with consistency restoring rules -- more suitable for use in teaching and large applications . first we describe a sorted version of cr - prolog called sparc . second , we translate a basic version of the cr - prolog into the language of dlv and compare the performance with the state of the art cr - prolog solver . the results form the foundation for future more efficient and us ←
→ mlpy : machine learning python ; mlpy is a python open source machine learning library built on top of numpy / scipy and the gnu scientific libraries . mlpy provides a wide range of state - of - the - art machine learning methods for supervised and unsupervised problems and it is aimed at finding a reasonable compromise among modularity , maintainability , reproducibility , usability and efficiency . mlpy is multiplatform , it works with python 2 and 3 and it is distributed under gpl3 at the website http :// mlpy . fbk . eu .←
→ class - specific poisson denoising by patch - based importance sampling ; in this paper , we address the problem of recovering images degraded by poisson noise , where the image is known to belong to a specific class . in the proposed method , a dataset of clean patches from images of the class of interest is clustered using multivariate gaussian distributions . in order to recover the noisy image , each noisy patch is assigned to one of these distributions , and the corresponding minimum mean squared error ( mmse ) est ←
→ video question answering via attribute - augmented attention network learning ; video question answering is a challenging problem in visual information retrieval , which provides the answer to the referenced video content according to the question . however , the existing visual question answering approaches mainly tackle the problem of static image question , which may be ineffectively for video question answering due to the insufficiency of modeling the temporal dynamics of video contents . in this paper , we s ←
→ time stretch inspired computational imaging ; we show that dispersive propagation of light followed by phase detection has properties that can be exploited for extracting features from the waveforms . this discovery is spearheading development of a new class of physics - inspired algorithms for feature extraction from digital images with unique properties and superior dynamic range compared to conventional algorithms . in certain cases , these algorithms have the potential to be an energy efficient and scalable ←
→ the observational roots of reference of the semantic web ; shared reference is an essential aspect of meaning . it is also indispensable for the semantic web , since it enables to weave the global graph , i . e ., it allows different users to contribute to an identical referent . for example , an essential kind of referent is a geographic place , to which users may contribute observations . we argue for a human - centric , operational approach towards reference , based on respective human competences . these competences e ←
→ icarl : incremental classifier and representation learning ; a major open problem on the road to artificial intelligence is the development of incrementally learning systems that learn about more and more concepts over time from a stream of data . in this work , we introduce a new training strategy , icarl , that allows learning in such a class - incremental way : only the training data for a small number of classes has to be present at the same time and new classes can be added progressively . icarl learns strong c ←
→ learning from data with heterogeneous noise using sgd ; we consider learning from data of variable quality that may be obtained from different heterogeneous sources . addressing learning from heterogeneous data in its full generality is a challenging problem . in this paper , we adopt instead a model in which data is observed through heterogeneous noise , where the noise level reflects the quality of the data source . we study how to use stochastic gradient algorithms to learn in this model . our study is motivat ←
→ time series forecasting using neural networks ; recent studies have shown the classification and prediction power of the neural networks . it has been demonstrated that a nn can approximate any continuous function . neural networks have been successfully used for forecasting of financial data series . the classical methods used for time series prediction like box - jenkins or arima assumes that there is a linear relationship between inputs and outputs . neural networks have the advantage that can approximate nonl ←
→ ksu kdd : word sense induction by clustering in topic space ; we describe our language - independent unsupervised word sense induction system . this system only uses topic features to cluster different word senses in their global context topic space . using unlabeled data , this system trains a latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) topic model then uses it to infer the topics distribution of the test instances . by clustering these topics distributions in their topic space we cluster them into different senses . our hy ←
→ stochastic pooling for regularization of deep convolutional neural networks ; we introduce a simple and effective method for regularizing large convolutional neural networks . we replace the conventional deterministic pooling operations with a stochastic procedure , randomly picking the activation within each pooling region according to a multinomial distribution , given by the activities within the pooling region . the approach is hyper - parameter free and can be combined with other regularization approaches ,←
→ discrepancy - based evolutionary diversity optimization ; diversity plays a crucial role in evolutionary computation . while diversity has been mainly used to prevent the population of an evolutionary algorithm from premature convergence , the use of evolutionary algorithms to obtain a diverse set of solutions has gained increasing attention in recent years . diversity optimization in terms of features on the underlying problem allows to obtain a better understanding of possible solutions to the problem at hand ←
→ asymmetrically weighted cca and hierarchical kernel sentence embedding for image & text retrieval ; joint modeling of language and vision has been drawing increasing interest . a multimodal data representation allowing for bidirectional retrieval of images by sentences and vice versa is a key aspect . in this paper we present three contributions in canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) based multimodal retrieval . firstly , we show that an asymmetric weighting of the canonical weights , while achieving a cross ←
→ one - level prosodic morphology ; recent developments in theoretical linguistics have lead to a widespread acceptance of constraint - based analyses of prosodic morphology phenomena such as truncation , infixation , floating morphemes and reduplication . of these , reduplication is particularly challenging for state - of - the - art computational morphology , since it involves copying of some part of a phonological string . in this paper i argue for certain extensions to the one - level model of phonology and morphology ( bir ←
→ probe - gk : predictive robust estimation using generalized kernels ; many algorithms in computer vision and robotics make strong assumptions about uncertainty , and rely on the validity of these assumptions to produce accurate and consistent state estimates . in practice , dynamic environments may degrade sensor performance in predictable ways that cannot be captured with static uncertainty parameters . in this paper , we employ fast nonparametric bayesian inference techniques to more accurately model sensor uncer ←
→ neural - estimator for the surface emission rate of atmospheric gases ; the emission rate of minority atmospheric gases is inferred by a new approach based on neural networks . the neural network applied is the multi - layer perceptron with backpropagation algorithm for learning . the identification of these surface fluxes is an inverse problem . a comparison between the new neural - inversion and regularized inverse solution id performed . the results obtained from the neural networks are significantly better . in ad ←
→ how to calculate partition functions using convex programming hierarchies : provable bounds for variational methods ; we consider the problem of approximating partition functions for ising models . we make use of recent tools in combinatorial optimization : the sherali - adams and lasserre convex programming hierarchies , in combination with variational methods to get algorithms for calculating partition functions in these families . these techniques give new , non - trivial approximation guarantees for the partiti ←
→ second croatian computer vision workshop ( ccvw 2013 ) ; proceedings of the second croatian computer vision workshop ( ccvw 2013 , http :// www . fer . unizg . hr / crv / ccvw2013 ) held september 19 , 2013 , in zagreb , croatia . workshop was organized by the center of excellence for computer vision of the university of zagreb .←
→ variance reduction for distributed stochastic gradient descent ; variance reduction ( vr ) methods boost the performance of stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) by enabling the use of larger , constant stepsizes and preserving linear convergence rates . however , current variance reduced sgd methods require either high memory usage or an exact gradient computation ( using the entire dataset ) at the end of each epoch . this limits the use of vr methods in practical distributed settings . in this paper , we propose a var ←
→ a distributed block coordinate descent method for training $ l_1 $ regularized linear classifiers ; distributed training of $ l_1 $ regularized classifiers has received great attention recently . most existing methods approach this problem by taking steps obtained from approximating the objective by a quadratic approximation that is decoupled at the individual variable level . these methods are designed for multicore and mpi platforms where communication costs are low . they are inefficient on systems such as ha ←
→ fast and accurate computation of orthogonal moments for texture analysis ; in this work we propose a fast and stable algorithm for the computation of the orthogonal moments of an image . indeed , the traditional orthogonal moments formulations are characterized by a high discriminative power , but also by a large computational complexity , which limits their real - time application . the recursive approach described in this paper aims to solve these limitations . in our experiments , we evaluate the effectiveness of ←
→ stn - ocr : a single neural network for text detection and text recognition ; detecting and recognizing text in natural scene images is a challenging , yet not completely solved task . in re - cent years several new systems that try to solve at least one of the two sub - tasks ( text detection and text recognition ) have been proposed . in this paper we present stn - ocr , a step towards semi - supervised neural networks for scene text recognition , that can be optimized end - to - end . in contrast to most existing works that c ←
→ multilingual topic models for unaligned text ; we develop the multilingual topic model for unaligned text ( muto ), a probabilistic model of text that is designed to analyze corpora composed of documents in two languages . from these documents , muto uses stochastic em to simultaneously discover both a matching between the languages and multilingual latent topics . we demonstrate that muto is able to find shared topics on real - world multilingual corpora , successfully pairing related documents across languages . m ←
→ large - scale artificial neural network : mapreduce - based deep learning ; faced with continuously increasing scale of data , original back - propagation neural network based machine learning algorithm presents two non - trivial challenges : huge amount of data makes it difficult to maintain both efficiency and accuracy ; redundant data aggravates the system workload . this project is mainly focused on the solution to the issues above , combining deep learning algorithm with cloud computing platform to deal with large - s ←
→ t - less : an rgb - d dataset for 6d pose estimation of texture - less objects ; we introduce t - less , a new public dataset for estimating the 6d pose , i . e . translation and rotation , of texture - less rigid objects . the dataset features thirty industry - relevant objects with no significant texture and no discriminative color or reflectance properties . the objects exhibit symmetries and mutual similarities in shape and / or size . compared to other datasets , a unique property is that some of the objects are parts of other ←
→ universal consistency and minimax rates for online mondrian forests ; we establish the consistency of an algorithm of mondrian forests , a randomized classification algorithm that can be implemented online . first , we amend the original mondrian forest algorithm , that considers a fixed lifetime parameter . indeed , the fact that this parameter is fixed hinders the statistical consistency of the original procedure . our modified mondrian forest algorithm grows trees with increasing lifetime parameters $\ lambda_n $←
→ automatic spatially - adaptive balancing of energy terms for image segmentation ; image segmentation techniques are predominately based on parameter - laden optimization . the objective function typically involves weights for balancing competing image fidelity and segmentation regularization cost terms . setting these weights suitably has been a painstaking , empirical process . even if such ideal weights are found for a novel image , most current approaches fix the weight across the whole image domain , ignoring t ←
→ low - rank representation over the manifold of curves ; in machine learning it is common to interpret each data point as a vector in euclidean space . however the data may actually be functional i . e .\ each data point is a function of some variable such as time and the function is discretely sampled . the naive treatment of functional data as traditional multivariate data can lead to poor performance since the algorithms are ignoring the correlation in the curvature of each function . in this paper we propose a m ←
→ following gaze across views ; following the gaze of people inside videos is an important signal for understanding people and their actions . in this paper , we present an approach for following gaze across views by predicting where a particular person is looking throughout a scene . we collect videogaze , a new dataset which we use as a benchmark to both train and evaluate models . given one view with a person in it and a second view of the scene , our model estimates a density for gaze location in the second vie ←
→ imaging time - series to improve classification and imputation ; inspired by recent successes of deep learning in computer vision , we propose a novel framework for encoding time series as different types of images , namely , gramian angular summation / difference fields ( gasf / gadf ) and markov transition fields ( mtf ). this enables the use of techniques from computer vision for time series classification and imputation . we used tiled convolutional neural networks ( tiled cnns ) on 20 standard datasets to learn high - l ←
→ knowledge , justification , and reason - based belief ; is knowledge definable as justified true belief (" jtb ")? we argue that one can legitimately answer positively or negatively , depending on how the notion of justification is understood . to facilitate our argument , we introduce a simple propositional logic of reason - based belief . we show that this logic is sufficiently flexible to accommodate various useful features , including quantification over reasons . we use our framework to contrast two notions of jtb : ←
→ toward a formal model of cognitive synergy ; " cognitive synergy " refers to a dynamic in which multiple cognitive processes , cooperating to control the same cognitive system , assist each other in overcoming bottlenecks encountered during their internal processing . cognitive synergy has been posited as a key feature of real - world general intelligence , and has been used explicitly in the design of the opencog cognitive architecture . here category theory and related concepts are used to give a formalization of ←
→ unsupervised holistic image generation from key local patches ; we introduce a new problem of generating an image based on a small number of key local patches without any geometric prior . in this work , key local patches are defined as informative regions of the target object or scene . this is a challenging problem since it requires generating realistic images and predicting locations of parts at the same time . we construct adversarial networks to tackle this problem . a generator network generates a fake ima ←
→ quality aware network for set to set recognition ; this paper targets on the problem of set to set recognition , which learns the metric between two image sets . images in each set belong to the same identity . since images in a set can be complementary , they hopefully lead to higher accuracy in practical applications . however , the quality of each sample cannot be guaranteed , and samples with poor quality will hurt the metric . in this paper , the quality aware network ( qan ) is proposed to confront this problem ,←
→ image based camera localization : an overview ; recently , virtual reality , augmented reality , robotics , self - driving cars et al attract much attention of industrial community , in which image based camera localization is a key task . it is urgent to give an overview of image based camera localization . in this paper , an overview of image based camera localization is presented . it will be useful to not only researchers but also engineers and other people interested .←
→ control matching via discharge code sequences ; in this paper , we consider the patient similarity matching problem over a cancer cohort of more than 220 , 000 patients . our approach first leverages on word2vec framework to embed icd codes into vector - valued representation . we then propose a sequential algorithm for case - control matching on this representation space of diagnosis codes . the novel practice of applying the sequential matching on the vector representation lifted the matching accuracy measured thro ←
→ automatic model based dataset generation for fast and accurate crop and weeds detection ; selective weeding is one of the key challenges in the field of agriculture robotics . to accomplish this task , a farm robot should be able to accurately detect plants and to distinguish them between crop and weeds . most of the promising state - of - the - art approaches make use of appearance - based models trained on large annotated datasets . unfortunately , creating large agricultural datasets with pixel - level annotations is ←
→ how well can generative adversarial networks learn densities : a nonparametric view ; we study in this paper the rate of convergence for learning densities under the generative adversarial networks ( gan ) framework , borrowing insights from nonparametric statistics . we introduce an improved gan estimator that achieves a faster rate , through simultaneously leveraging the level of smoothness in the target density and the evaluation metric , which in theory remedies the mode collapse problem reported in the lite ←
→ randomized co - training : from cortical neurons to machine learning and back again ; despite its size and complexity , the human cortex exhibits striking anatomical regularities , suggesting there may simple meta - algorithms underlying cortical learning and computation . we expect such meta - algorithms to be of interest since they need to operate quickly , scalably and effectively with little - to - no specialized assumptions . this note focuses on a specific question : how can neurons use vast quantities of unlabele ←
→ nonparametric stochastic contextual bandits ; we analyze the $ k $- armed bandit problem where the reward for each arm is a noisy realization based on an observed context under mild nonparametric assumptions . we attain tight results for top - arm identification and a sublinear regret of $\ widetilde { o }\ big ( t ^{\ frac { 1 + d }{ 2 + d }}\ big )$, where $ d $ is the context dimension , for a modified ucb algorithm that is simple to implement ($ k $ nn - ucb ). we then give global intrinsic dimension dependent and ambient dimension indep ←
→ combining discrete and neural features for sequence labeling ; neural network models have recently received heated research attention in the natural language processing community . compared with traditional models with discrete features , neural models have two main advantages . first , they take low - dimensional , real - valued embedding vectors as inputs , which can be trained over large raw data , thereby addressing the issue of feature sparsity in discrete models . second , deep neural networks can be used to autom ←
→ foundations of declarative data analysis using limit datalog programs ; motivated by applications in declarative data analysis , we study $\ mathit { datalog } _ {\ mathbb { z }}$--- an extension of positive datalog with arithmetic functions over integers . this language is known to be undecidable , so we propose two fragments . in $\ mathit { limit }~\ mathit { datalog } _ {\ mathbb { z }}$ predicates are axiomatised to keep minimal / maximal numeric values , allowing us to show that fact entailment is conexptime - complete in combined , an ←
→ a survey on optical character recognition system ; optical character recognition ( ocr ) has been a topic of interest for many years . it is defined as the process of digitizing a document image into its constituent characters . despite decades of intense research , developing ocr with capabilities comparable to that of human still remains an open challenge . due to this challenging nature , researchers from industry and academic circles have directed their attentions towards optical character recognition . over th ←
→ compact bilinear pooling ; bilinear models has been shown to achieve impressive performance on a wide range of visual tasks , such as semantic segmentation , fine grained recognition and face recognition . however , bilinear features are high dimensional , typically on the order of hundreds of thousands to a few million , which makes them impractical for subsequent analysis . we propose two compact bilinear representations with the same discriminative power as the full bilinear representation but with only a few t ←
→ challenges and opportunities of evolutionary robotics ; robotic hardware designs are becoming more complex as the variety and number of on - board sensors increase and as greater computational power is provided in ever - smaller packages on - board robots . these advances in hardware , however , do not automatically translate into better software for controlling complex robots . evolutionary techniques hold the potential to solve many difficult problems in robotics which defy simple conventional approaches , but prese ←
→ probabilistic recovery of multiple subspaces in point clouds by geometric lp minimization ; we assume data independently sampled from a mixture distribution on the unit ball of the d - dimensional euclidean space with k + 1 components : the first component is a uniform distribution on that ball representing outliers and the other k components are uniform distributions along k d - dimensional linear subspaces restricted to that ball . we study both the simultaneous recovery of all k underlying subspaces and the re ←
→ iteratively reweighted graph cut for multi - label mrfs with non - convex priors ; while widely acknowledged as highly effective in computer vision , multi - label mrfs with non - convex priors are difficult to optimize . to tackle this , we introduce an algorithm that iteratively approximates the original energy with an appropriately weighted surrogate energy that is easier to minimize . our algorithm guarantees that the original energy decreases at each iteration . in particular , we consider the scenario where the g ←
→ splenomegaly segmentation using global convolutional kernels and conditional generative adversarial networks ; spleen volume estimation using automated image segmentation technique may be used to detect splenomegaly ( abnormally enlarged spleen ) on magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) scans . in recent years , deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnn ) segmentation methods have demonstrated advantages for abdominal organ segmentation . however , variations in both size and shape of the spleen on mri images may resu ←
→ memory - efficient implementation of densenets ; the densenet architecture is highly computationally efficient as a result of feature reuse . however , a naive densenet implementation can require a significant amount of gpu memory : if not properly managed , pre - activation batch normalization and contiguous convolution operations can produce feature maps that grow quadratically with network depth . in this technical report , we introduce strategies to reduce the memory consumption of densenets during training . by s ←
→ reverse curriculum generation for reinforcement learning ; many relevant tasks require an agent to reach a certain state , or to manipulate objects into a desired configuration . for example , we might want a robot to align and assemble a gear onto an axle or insert and turn a key in a lock . these goal - oriented tasks present a considerable challenge for reinforcement learning , since their natural reward function is sparse and prohibitive amounts of exploration are required to reach the goal and receive some le ←
→ on the optimization landscape of tensor decompositions ; non - convex optimization with local search heuristics has been widely used in machine learning , achieving many state - of - art results . it becomes increasingly important to understand why they can work for these np - hard problems on typical data . the landscape of many objective functions in learning has been conjectured to have the geometric property that " all local optima are ( approximately ) global optima ", and thus they can be solved efficiently by local ←
→ l2 - nonexpansive neural networks ; this paper proposes a class of well - conditioned neural networks in which a unit amount of change in the inputs causes at most a unit amount of change in the outputs or any of the internal layers . we develop the known methodology of controlling lipschitz constants to realize its full potential in maximizing robustness : our linear and convolution layers subsume those in the previous parseval networks as a special case and allow greater degrees of freedom ; aggregation , pooling ←
→ a large - scale exploration of effective global features for a joint entity detection and tracking model ; entity detection and tracking ( edt ) is the task of identifying textual mentions of real - world entities in documents , extending the named entity detection and coreference resolution task by considering mentions other than names ( pronouns , definite descriptions , etc .). like ne tagging and coreference resolution , most solutions to the edt task separate out the mention detection aspect from the coreference ←
→ a convergence proof of the split bregman method for regularized least - squares problems ; the split bregman ( sb ) method [ t . goldstein and s . osher , siam j . imaging sci ., 2 ( 2009 ), pp . 323 - 43 ] is a fast splitting - based algorithm that solves image reconstruction problems with general l1 , e . g ., total - variation ( tv ) and compressed sensing ( cs ), regularizations by introducing a single variable split to decouple the data - fitting term and the regularization term , yielding simple subproblems that are separable ( or ←
→ exploiting correlation and budget constraints in bayesian multi - armed bandit optimization ; we address the problem of finding the maximizer of a nonlinear smooth function , that can only be evaluated point - wise , subject to constraints on the number of permitted function evaluations . this problem is also known as fixed - budget best arm identification in the multi - armed bandit literature . we introduce a bayesian approach for this problem and show that it empirically outperforms both the existing frequentist c ←
→ an example - based approach to japanese - to - english translation of tense , aspect , and modality ; we have developed a new method for japanese - to - english translation of tense , aspect , and modality that uses an example - based method . in this method the similarity between input and example sentences is defined as the degree of semantic matching between the expressions at the ends of the sentences . our method also uses the k - nearest neighbor method in order to exclude the effects of noise ; for example , wrongly tag ←
→ a bio - inspired collision detecotr for small quadcopter ; sense and avoid capability enables insects to fly versatilely and robustly in dynamic complex environment . their biological principles are so practical and efficient that inspired we human imitating them in our flying machines . in this paper , we studied a novel bio - inspired collision detector and its application on a quadcopter . the detector is inspired from lgmd neurons in the locusts , and modeled into an stm32f407 mcu . compared to other collision de ←
→ variational inference over non - differentiable cardiac simulators using bayesian optimization ; performing inference over simulators is generally intractable as their runtime means we cannot compute a marginal likelihood . we develop a likelihood - free inference method to infer parameters for a cardiac simulator , which replicates electrical flow through the heart to the body surface . we improve the fit of a state - of - the - art simulator to an electrocardiogram ( ecg ) recorded from a real patient .←
→ meme and variations : a computer model of cultural evolution ; holland ' s ( 1975 ) genetic algorithm is a minimal computer model of natural selection that made it possible to investigate the effect of manipulating specific parameters on the evolutionary process . if culture is , like biology , a form of evolution , it should be possible to similarly abstract the underlying skeleton of the process and develop a minimal model of it . meme and variations , or mav , is a computational model , inspired by the genetic algori ←
→ unsupervised text extraction from g - maps ; this paper represents an text extraction method from google maps , gis maps / images . due to an unsupervised approach there is no requirement of any prior knowledge or training set about the textual and non - textual parts . fuzzy cmeans clustering technique is used for image segmentation and prewitt method is used to detect the edges . connected component analysis and gridding technique enhance the correctness of the results . the proposed method reaches 98 . 5 % accuracy le ←
→ interpretable counting for visual question answering ; questions that require counting a variety of objects in images remain a major challenge in visual question answering ( vqa ). the most common approaches to vqa involve either classifying answers based on fixed length representations of both the image and question or summing fractional counts estimated from each section of the image . in contrast , we treat counting as a sequential decision process and force our model to make discrete choices of what to coun ←
→ recycling proof patterns in coq : case studies ; development of interactive theorem provers has led to the creation of big libraries and varied infrastructures for formal proofs . however , despite ( or perhaps due to ) their sophistication , the re - use of libraries by non - experts or across domains is a challenge . in this paper , we provide detailed case studies and evaluate the machine - learning tool ml4pg built to interactively data - mine the electronic libraries of proofs , and to provide user guidance on the basi ←
→ acceleration of the shiftable o ( 1 ) algorithm for bilateral filtering and non - local means ; a direct implementation of the bilateral filter [ 1 ] requires o (\ sigma_s ^ 2 ) operations per pixel , where \ sigma_s is the ( effective ) width of the spatial kernel . a fast implementation of the bilateral filter was recently proposed in [ 2 ] that required o ( 1 ) operations per pixel with respect to \ sigma_s . this was done by using trigonometric functions for the range kernel of the bilateral filter , and by exploiting their s ←
→ boolean matrix factorization and noisy completion via message passing ; boolean matrix factorization and boolean matrix completion from noisy observations are desirable unsupervised data - analysis methods due to their interpretability , but hard to perform due to their np - hardness . we treat these problems as maximum a posteriori inference problems in a graphical model and present a message passing approach that scales linearly with the number of observations and factors . our empirical study demonstrates that ←
→ quantifying knowledge with a new calculus for belief functions - a generalization of probability theory ; we first show that there are practical situations in for instance forensic and gambling settings , in which applying classical probability theory , that is , based on the axioms of kolmogorov , is problematic . we then introduce and discuss shafer belief functions . technically , shafer belief functions generalize probability distributions . philosophically , they pertain to individual or shared knowledge of f ←
→ fast unsupervised bayesian image segmentation with adaptive spatial regularisation ; this paper presents a new bayesian estimation technique for hidden potts - markov random fields with unknown regularisation parameters , with application to fast unsupervised k - class image segmentation . the technique is derived by first removing the regularisation parameter from the bayesian model by marginalisation , followed by a small - variance - asymptotic ( sva ) analysis in which the spatial regularisation and the integer - co ←
→ space as an invention of biological organisms ; the question of the nature of space around us has occupied thinkers since the dawn of humanity , with scientists and philosophers today implicitly assuming that space is something that exists objectively . here we show that this does not have to be the case : the notion of space could emerge when biological organisms seek an economic representation of their sensorimotor flow . the emergence of spatial notions does not necessitate the existence of real physical spa ←
→ real - time implementation of order - statistics based directional filters ; vector filters based on order - statistics have proved successful in removing impulsive noise from color images while preserving edges and fine image details . among these filters , the ones that involve the cosine distance function ( directional filters ) have particularly high computational requirements , which limits their use in time critical applications . in this paper , we introduce two methods to speed up these filters . experiments on a ←
→ deep variational inference without pixel - wise reconstruction ; variational autoencoders ( vaes ), that are built upon deep neural networks have emerged as popular generative models in computer vision . most of the work towards improving variational autoencoders has focused mainly on making the approximations to the posterior flexible and accurate , leading to tremendous progress . however , there have been limited efforts to replace pixel - wise reconstruction , which have known shortcomings . in this work , we use re ←
→ a maximum a posteriori estimation framework for robust high dynamic range video synthesis ; high dynamic range ( hdr ) image synthesis from multiple low dynamic range ( ldr ) exposures continues to be actively researched . the extension to hdr video synthesis is a topic of significant current interest due to potential cost benefits . for hdr video , a stiff practical challenge presents itself in the form of accurate correspondence estimation of objects between video frames . in particular , loss of data resulting ←
→ can gan learn topological features of a graph ? ; this paper is first - line research expanding gans into graph topology analysis . by leveraging the hierarchical connectivity structure of a graph , we have demonstrated that generative adversarial networks ( gans ) can successfully capture topological features of any arbitrary graph , and rank edge sets by different stages according to their contribution to topology reconstruction . moreover , in addition to acting as an indicator of graph reconstruction , we find tha ←
→ space - contained conflict revision , for geographic information ; using qualitative reasoning with geographic information , contrarily , for instance , with robotics , looks not only fastidious ( i . e .: encoding knowledge propositional logics pl ), but appears to be computational complex , and not tractable at all , most of the time . however , knowledge fusion or revision , is a common operation performed when users merge several different data sets in a unique decision making process , without much support . introducing ←
→ multi - shot asp solving with clingo ; we introduce a new flexible paradigm of grounding and solving in answer set programming ( asp ), which we refer to as multi - shot asp solving , and present its implementation in the asp system clingo . multi - shot asp solving features grounding and solving processes that deal with continuously changing logic programs . in doing so , they remain operative and accommodate changes in a seamless way . for instance , such processes allow for advanced forms of search , as in optimizati ←
→ the return of adaboost . mh : multi - class hamming trees ; within the framework of adaboost . mh , we propose to train vector - valued decision trees to optimize the multi - class edge without reducing the multi - class problem to $ k $ binary one - against - all classifications . the key element of the method is a vector - valued decision stump , factorized into an input - independent vector of length $ k $ and label - independent scalar classifier . at inner tree nodes , the label - dependent vector is discarded and the binary classifier ←
→ artificial neural network fuzzy inference system ( anfis ) for brain tumor detection ; detection and segmentation of brain tumor is very important because it provides anatomical information of normal and abnormal tissues which helps in treatment planning and patient follow - up . there are number of techniques for image segmentation . proposed research work uses anfis ( artificial neural network fuzzy inference system ) for image classification and then compares the results with fcm ( fuzzy c means ) and k - nn ( k - ne ←
→ determination of digital straight segments using the slope ; we present a new method for the recognition of digital straight lines based on the slope . this method combines the freeman ' s chain coding scheme and new discovered properties of the digital slope introduced in this paper . we also present the efficiency of our method from a testbed .←
→ a constrained sequence - to - sequence neural model for sentence simplification ; sentence simplification reduces semantic complexity to benefit people with language impairments . previous simplification studies on the sentence level and word level have achieved promising results but also meet great challenges . for sentence - level studies , sentences after simplification are fluent but sometimes are not really simplified . for word - level studies , words are simplified but also have potential grammar errors due to ←
→ conditional random field and deep feature learning for hyperspectral image segmentation ; image segmentation is considered to be one of the critical tasks in hyperspectral remote sensing image processing . recently , convolutional neural network ( cnn ) has established itself as a powerful model in segmentation and classification by demonstrating excellent performances . the use of a graphical model such as a conditional random field ( crf ) contributes further in capturing contextual information and thus improv ←
→ on identifiability of nonnegative matrix factorization ; in this letter , we propose a new identification criterion that guarantees the recovery of the low - rank latent factors in the nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) model , under mild conditions . specifically , using the proposed criterion , it suffices to identify the latent factors if the rows of one factor are \ emph { sufficiently scattered } over the nonnegative orthant , while no structural assumption is imposed on the other factor except being full - rank ←
→ optimality theory as a framework for lexical acquisition ; this paper re - investigates a lexical acquisition system initially developed for french . we show that , interestingly , the architecture of the system reproduces and implements the main components of optimality theory . however , we formulate the hypothesis that some of its limitations are mainly due to a poor representation of the constraints used . finally , we show how a better representation of the constraints used would yield better results .←
→ spatially adaptive image compression using a tiled deep network ; deep neural networks represent a powerful class of function approximators that can learn to compress and reconstruct images . existing image compression algorithms based on neural networks learn quantized representations with a constant spatial bit rate across each image . while entropy coding introduces some spatial variation , traditional codecs have benefited significantly by explicitly adapting the bit rate based on local image complexity an ←
→ a computational model of syntactic processing : ambiguity resolution from interpretation ; syntactic ambiguity abounds in natural language , yet humans have no difficulty coping with it . in fact , the process of ambiguity resolution is almost always unconscious . but it is not infallible , however , as example 1 demonstrates . 1 . the horse raced past the barn fell . this sentence is perfectly grammatical , as is evident when it appears in the following context : 2 . two horses were being shown off to a prospec ←
→ visual dialog ; we introduce the task of visual dialog , which requires an ai agent to hold a meaningful dialog with humans in natural , conversational language about visual content . specifically , given an image , a dialog history , and a question about the image , the agent has to ground the question in image , infer context from history , and answer the question accurately . visual dialog is disentangled enough from a specific downstream task so as to serve as a general test of machine intelligence , while being g ←
→ applying machine learning to the problem of choosing a heuristic to select the variable ordering for cylindrical algebraic decomposition ; cylindrical algebraic decomposition ( cad ) is a key tool in computational algebraic geometry , particularly for quantifier elimination over real - closed fields . when using cad , there is often a choice for the ordering placed on the variables . this can be important , with some problems infeasible with one variable ordering but easy with another . machine learning is the proce ←
→ une grammaire formelle du créole martiniquais pour la génération automatique ; in this article , some first elements of a computational modelling of the grammar of the martiniquese french creole dialect are presented . the sources of inspiration for the modelling is the functional description given by damoiseau ( 1984 ), and pinalie ' s & bernabe ' s ( 1999 ) grammar manual . based on earlier works in text generation ( vaillant , 1997 ), a unification grammar formalism , namely tree adjoining grammars ( tag ), and a model ←
→ lattice structures of fixed points of the lower approximations of two types of covering - based rough sets ; covering is a common type of data structure and covering - based rough set theory is an efficient tool to process this data . lattice is an important algebraic structure and used extensively in investigating some types of generalized rough sets . in this paper , we propose two family of sets and study the conditions that these two sets become some lattice structures . these two sets are consisted by the fi ←
→ an automatic water detection approach based on dempster - shafer theory for multi spectral images ; detection of surface water in natural environment via multi - spectral imagery has been widely utilized in many fields , such land cover identification . however , due to the similarity of the spectra of water bodies , built - up areas , approaches based on high - resolution satellites sometimes confuse these features . a popular direction to detect water is spectral index , often requiring the ground truth to find approp ←
→ transfer learning with label noise ; transfer learning aims to improve learning in the target domain with limited training data by borrowing knowledge from a related but different source domain with sufficient labeled data . to reduce the distribution shift between source and target domains , recent methods have focused on exploring invariant representations that have similar distributions across domains . however , existing methods assume that the labels in the source domain are uncontaminated , while in realit ←
→ ring loss : convex feature normalization for face recognition ; we motivate and present ring loss , a simple and elegant feature normalization approach for deep networks designed to augment standard loss functions such as softmax . we argue that deep feature normalization is an important aspect of supervised classification problems where we require the model to represent each class in a multi - class problem equally well . the direct approach to feature normalization through the hard normalization operation resul ←
→ unsupervised feature learning by augmenting single images ; when deep learning is applied to visual object recognition , data augmentation is often used to generate additional training data without extra labeling cost . it helps to reduce overfitting and increase the performance of the algorithm . in this paper we investigate if it is possible to use data augmentation as the main component of an unsupervised feature learning architecture . to that end we sample a set of random image patches and declare each of ←
→ wikipedia edit number prediction based on temporal dynamics only ; in this paper , we describe our approach to the wikipedia participation challenge which aims to predict the number of edits a wikipedia editor will make in the next 5 months . the best submission from our team , " zeditor ", achieved 41 . 7 % improvement over wmf ' s baseline predictive model and the final rank of 3rd place among 96 teams . an interesting characteristic of our approach is that only temporal dynamics features ( i . e ., how the number of ed ←
→ 3 - d convolutional neural networks for glioblastoma segmentation ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have emerged as powerful tools for learning discriminative image features . in this paper , we propose a framework of 3 - d fully cnn models for glioblastoma segmentation from multi - modality mri data . by generalizing cnn models to true 3 - d convolutions in learning 3 - d tumor mri data , the proposed approach utilizes a unique network architecture to decouple image pixels . specifically , we design a convolutional la ←
→ active learning for crowd - sourced databases ; crowd - sourcing has become a popular means of acquiring labeled data for a wide variety of tasks where humans are more accurate than computers , e . g ., labeling images , matching objects , or analyzing sentiment . however , relying solely on the crowd is often impractical even for data sets with thousands of items , due to time and cost constraints of acquiring human input ( which cost pennies and minutes per label ). in this paper , we propose algorithms for integrating m ←
→ computational optimization , modelling and simulation : recent trends and challenges ; modelling , simulation and optimization form an integrated part of modern design practice in engineering and industry . tremendous progress has been observed for all three components over the last few decades . however , many challenging issues remain unresolved , and the current trends tend to use nature - inspired algorithms and surrogate - based techniques for modelling and optimization . this 4th workshop on computational optim ←
→ stochastic gradient method with accelerated stochastic dynamics ; in this paper , we propose a novel technique to implement stochastic gradient methods , which are beneficial for learning from large datasets , through accelerated stochastic dynamics . a stochastic gradient method is based on mini - batch learning for reducing the computational cost when the amount of data is large . the stochasticity of the gradient can be mitigated by the injection of gaussian noise , which yields the stochastic langevin gradient ←
→ rényi differential privacy mechanisms for posterior sampling ; using a recently proposed privacy definition of r \' enyi differential privacy ( rdp ), we re - examine the inherent privacy of releasing a single sample from a posterior distribution . we exploit the impact of the prior distribution in mitigating the influence of individual data points . in particular , we focus on sampling from an exponential family and specific generalized linear models , such as logistic regression . we propose novel rdp mechanisms as ←
→ global convergence of splitting methods for nonconvex composite optimization ; we consider the problem of minimizing the sum of a smooth function $ h $ with a bounded hessian , and a nonsmooth function . we assume that the latter function is a composition of a proper closed function $ p $ and a surjective linear map $\ cal m $, with the proximal mappings of $\ tau p $, $\ tau > 0 $, simple to compute . this problem is nonconvex in general and encompasses many important applications in engineering and machine learning .←
→ strictly proper kernel scoring rules and divergences with an application to kernel two - sample hypothesis testing ; we study strictly proper scoring rules in the reproducing kernel hilbert space . we propose a general kernel scoring rule and associated kernel divergence . we consider conditions under which the kernel score is strictly proper . we then demonstrate that the kernel score includes the maximum mean discrepancy as a special case . we also consider the connections between the kernel score and the min ←
→ appearance invariance in convolutional networks with neighborhood similarity ; we present a neighborhood similarity layer ( nsl ) which induces appearance invariance in a network when used in conjunction with convolutional layers . we are motivated by the observation that , even though convolutional networks have low generalization error , their generalization capability does not extend to samples which are not represented by the training data . for instance , while novel appearances of learned concepts pose no ←
→ emonets : multimodal deep learning approaches for emotion recognition in video ; the task of the emotion recognition in the wild ( emotiw ) challenge is to assign one of seven emotions to short video clips extracted from hollywood style movies . the videos depict acted - out emotions under realistic conditions with a large degree of variation in attributes such as pose and illumination , making it worthwhile to explore approaches which consider combinations of features from multiple modalities for label assignme ←
→ joint epipolar tracking ( jet ): simultaneous optimization of epipolar geometry and feature correspondences ; traditionally , pose estimation is considered as a two step problem . first , feature correspondences are determined by direct comparison of image patches , or by associating feature descriptors . in a second step , the relative pose and the coordinates of corresponding points are estimated , most often by minimizing the reprojection error ( rpe ). rpe optimization is based on a loss function that is merely ←
→ stopping criterion for the mean shift iterative algorithm ; image segmentation is a critical step in computer vision tasks constituting an essential issue for pattern recognition and visual interpretation . in this paper , we propose a new stopping criterion for the mean shift iterative algorithm by using images defined in zn ring , with the goal of reaching a better segmentation . we carried out also a study on the weak and strong of equivalence classes between two images . an analysis on the convergence with t ←
→ fast single shot detection and pose estimation ; for applications in navigation and robotics , estimating the 3d pose of objects is as important as detection . many approaches to pose estimation rely on detecting or tracking parts or keypoints [ 11 , 21 ]. in this paper we build on a recent state - of - the - art convolutional network for slidingwindow detection [ 10 ] to provide detection and rough pose estimation in a single shot , without intermediate stages of detecting parts or initial bounding boxes . while not the ←
→ giving the ai definition a form suitable for the engineer ; artificial intelligence - what is this ? that is the question ! in earlier papers we already gave a formal definition for ai , but if one desires to build an actual ai implementation , the following issues require attention and are treated here : the data format to be used , the idea of undef and nothing symbols , various ways for defining the " meaning of life ", and finally , a new notion of " incorrect move ". these questions are of minor importance in the ←
→ outlier detection for text data : an extended version ; the problem of outlier detection is extremely challenging in many domains such as text , in which the attribute values are typically non - negative , and most values are zero . in such cases , it often becomes difficult to separate the outliers from the natural variations in the patterns in the underlying data . in this paper , we present a matrix factorization method , which is naturally able to distinguish the anomalies with the use of low rank approximations ←
→ towards an extension of the 2 - tuple linguistic model to deal with unbalanced linguistic term sets ; in the domain of computing with words ( cw ), fuzzy linguistic approaches are known to be relevant in many decision - making problems . indeed , they allow us to model the human reasoning in replacing words , assessments , preferences , choices , wishes ... by ad hoc variables , such as fuzzy sets or more sophisticated variables . this paper focuses on a particular model : herrera & martinez ' 2 - tuple linguistic model a ←
→ a probabilistic reasoning environment ; a framework is presented for a computational theory of probabilistic argument . the probabilistic reasoning environment encodes knowledge at three levels . at the deepest level are a set of schemata encoding the system ' s domain knowledge . this knowledge is used to build a set of second - level arguments , which are structured for efficient recapture of the knowledge used to construct them . finally , at the top level is a bayesian network constructed from the arguments . the ←
→ mining best closed itemsets for projection - antimonotonic constraints in polynomial time ; the exponential explosion of the set of patterns is one of the main challenges in pattern mining . this challenge is approached by introducing a constraint for pattern selection . one of the first constraints proposed in pattern mining is support ( frequency ) of a pattern in a dataset . frequency is an anti - monotonic function , i . e ., given an infrequent pattern , all its superpatterns are not frequent . however , many other ←
→ speaker cluster - based speaker adaptive training for deep neural network acoustic modeling ; a speaker cluster - based speaker adaptive training ( sat ) method under deep neural network - hidden markov model ( dnn - hmm ) framework is presented in this paper . during training , speakers that are acoustically adjacent to each other are hierarchically clustered using an i - vector based distance metric . dnns with speaker dependent layers are then adaptively trained for each cluster of speakers . before decoding starts , an ←
→ cgan - based manga colorization using a single training image ; the japanese comic format known as manga is popular all over the world . it is traditionally produced in black and white , and colorization is time consuming and costly . automatic colorization methods generally rely on greyscale values , which are not present in manga . furthermore , due to copyright protection , colorized manga available for training is scarce . we propose a manga colorization method based on conditional generative adversarial networks ←
→ hibikino - musashi @ home 2017 team description paper ; our team hibikino - musashi @ home was founded in 2010 . it is based in kitakyushu science and research park , japan . since 2010 , we have participated in the robocup @ home japan open competition open - platform league every year . currently , the hibikino - musashi @ home team has 24 members from seven different laboratories based in the kyushu institute of technology . our home - service robots are used as platforms for both education and implementation of our research out ←
→ combining fully convolutional and recurrent neural networks for 3d biomedical image segmentation ; segmentation of 3d images is a fundamental problem in biomedical image analysis . deep learning ( dl ) approaches have achieved state - of - the - art segmentation perfor - mance . to exploit the 3d contexts using neural networks , known dl segmentation methods , including 3d convolution , 2d convolution on planes orthogonal to 2d image slices , and lstm in multiple directions , all suffer incompatibility with the highly an ←
→ a popperian falsification of ai - lighthill ' s argument defended ; the area of computation called artificial intelligence ( ai ) is falsified by describing a previous 1972 falsification of ai by british applied mathematician james lighthill . it is explained how lighthill ' s arguments continue to apply to current ai . it is argued that ai should use the popperian scientific method in which it is the duty of every scientist to attempt to falsify theories and if theories are falsified to replace or modify them . the ←
→ deep meta learning for real - time visual tracking based on target - specific feature space ; in this paper , we propose a novel on - line visual tracking framework based on siamese matching network and meta - learner network which runs at real - time speed . conventional deep convolutional feature based discriminative visual tracking algorithms require continuous re - training of classifiers or correlation filters for solving complex optimization tasks to adapt to the new appearance of a target object . to remove this ←
→ network model selection for task - focused attributed network inference ; networks are models representing relationships between entities . often these relationships are explicitly given , or we must learn a representation which generalizes and predicts observed behavior in underlying individual data ( e . g . attributes or labels ). whether given or inferred , choosing the best representation affects subsequent tasks and questions on the network . this work focuses on model selection to evaluate network representatio ←
→ conjunctive query answering for the description logic shiq ; conjunctive queries play an important role as an expressive query language for description logics ( dls ). although modern dls usually provide for transitive roles , conjunctive query answering over dl knowledge bases is only poorly understood if transitive roles are admitted in the query . in this paper , we consider unions of conjunctive queries over knowledge bases formulated in the prominent dl shiq and allow transitive roles in both the query and ←
→ tracking all members of a honey bee colony over their lifetime ; computational approaches to the analysis of collective behavior in social insects increasingly rely on motion paths as an intermediate data layer from which one can infer individual behaviors or social interactions . honey bees are a popular model for learning and memory . previous experience has been shown to affect and modulate future social interactions . so far , no lifetime history observations have been reported for all bees of a colony . in ←
→ fine - grained visual categorization using pairs : pose and appearance integration for recognizing subcategories ; fine - grained visual categorization ( fgvc ) saw a tremendous boost between 2013 and 2016 with the incorporation of deep learning , however , progress has recently begun to slow . in this work , we postulate that one key to continued advances in fine - grained recognition performance is a better , and specifically , a more explicit understanding of pose and appearance . we propose a model that predicts an o ←
→ interpreting cnn knowledge via an explanatory graph ; this paper learns a graphical model , namely an explanatory graph , which reveals the knowledge hierarchy hidden inside a pre - trained cnn . considering that each filter in a conv - layer of a pre - trained cnn usually represents a mixture of object parts , we propose a simple yet efficient method to automatically disentangles different part patterns from each filter , and construct an explanatory graph . in the explanatory graph , each node represents a part patter ←
→ analysis of the effect of dependency information on predicate - argument structure analysis and zero anaphora resolution ; this paper investigates and analyzes the effect of dependency information on predicate - argument structure analysis ( pasa ) and zero anaphora resolution ( zar ) for japanese , and shows that a straightforward approach of pasa and zar works effectively even if dependency information was not available . we constructed an analyzer that directly predicts relationships of predicates and arguments ←
→ the languages of actions , formal grammars and qualitive modeling of companies ; in this paper we discuss methods of using the language of actions , formal languages , and grammars for qualitative conceptual linguistic modeling of companies as technological and human institutions . the main problem following the discussion is the problem to find and describe a language structure for external and internal flow of information of companies . we anticipate that the language structure of external and internal base ←
→ link prediction by de - anonymization : how we won the kaggle social network challenge ; this paper describes the winning entry to the ijcnn 2011 social network challenge run by kaggle . com . the goal of the contest was to promote research on real - world link prediction , and the dataset was a graph obtained by crawling the popular flickr social photo sharing website , with user identities scrubbed . by de - anonymizing much of the competition test set using our own flickr crawl , we were able to effectively game the ←
→ mining meaning from wikipedia ; wikipedia is a goldmine of information ; not just for its many readers , but also for the growing community of researchers who recognize it as a resource of exceptional scale and utility . it represents a vast investment of manual effort and judgment : a huge , constantly evolving tapestry of concepts and relations that is being applied to a host of tasks . this article provides a comprehensive description of this work . it focuses on research that extracts and makes use of the co ←
→ enhanced direct and indirect genetic algorithm approaches for a mall layout and tenant selection problem ; during our earlier research , it was recognised that in order to be successful with an indirect genetic algorithm approach using a decoder , the decoder has to strike a balance between being an optimiser in its own right and finding feasible solutions . previously this balance was achieved manually . here we extend this by presenting an automated approach where the genetic algorithm itself , simultaneousl ←
→ deep residual learning for instrument segmentation in robotic surgery ; detection , tracking , and pose estimation of surgical instruments are crucial tasks for computer assistance during minimally invasive robotic surgery . in the majority of cases , the first step is the automatic segmentation of surgical tools . prior work has focused on binary segmentation , where the objective is to label every pixel in an image as tool or background . we improve upon previous work in two major ways . first , we leverage recent ←
→ distribution - free distribution regression ; ` distribution regression ' refers to the situation where a response y depends on a covariate p where p is a probability distribution . the model is y = f ( p ) + mu where f is an unknown regression function and mu is a random error . typically , we do not observe p directly , but rather , we observe a sample from p . in this paper we develop theory and methods for distribution - free versions of distribution regression . this means that we do not make distributional assumptions ←
→ spike synchronization dynamics of small - world networks ; in this research report , we examine the effects of small - world network organization on spike synchronization dynamics in networks of izhikevich spiking units . we interpolate network organizations from regular ring lattices , through the small - world region , to random networks , and measure global spike synchronization dynamics . we examine how average path length and clustering effect the dynamics of global and neighborhood clique spike organization and p ←
→ on using active learning and self - training when mining performance discussions on stack overflow ; abundant data is the key to successful machine learning . however , supervised learning requires annotated data that are often hard to obtain . in a classification task with limited resources , active learning ( al ) promises to guide annotators to examples that bring the most value for a classifier . al can be successfully combined with self - training , i . e ., extending a training set with the unlabelled examples for ←
→ improving the accuracy of stereo visual odometry using visual illumination estimation ; in the absence of reliable and accurate gps , visual odometry ( vo ) has emerged as an effective means of estimating the egomotion of robotic vehicles . like any dead - reckoning technique , vo suffers from unbounded accumulation of drift error over time , but this accumulation can be limited by incorporating absolute orientation information from , for example , a sun sensor . in this paper , we leverage recent work on visual outd ←
→ detecting hip fractures with radiologist - level performance using deep neural networks ; we developed an automated deep learning system to detect hip fractures from frontal pelvic x - rays , an important and common radiological task . our system was trained on a decade of clinical x - rays (~ 53 , 000 studies ) and can be applied to clinical data , automatically excluding inappropriate and technically unsatisfactory studies . we demonstrate diagnostic performance equivalent to a human radiologist and an area under the ←
→ learning parameters for weighted matrix completion via empirical estimation ; recently theoretical guarantees have been obtained for matrix completion in the non - uniform sampling regime . in particular , if the sampling distribution aligns with the underlying matrix ' s leverage scores , then with high probability nuclear norm minimization will exactly recover the low rank matrix . in this article , we analyze the scenario in which the non - uniform sampling distribution may or may not not align with the underlyin ←
→ what can i do around here ? deep functional scene understanding for cognitive robots ; for robots that have the capability to interact with the physical environment through their end effectors , understanding the surrounding scenes is not merely a task of image classification or object recognition . to perform actual tasks , it is critical for the robot to have a functional understanding of the visual scene . here , we address the problem of localizing and recognition of functional areas from an arbitrary indoo ←
→ some complexity considerations in the combination of belief networks ; one topic that is likely to attract an increasing amount of attention within the knowledge - base systems research community is the coordination of information provided by multiple experts . we envision a situation in which several experts independently encode information as belief networks . a potential user must then coordinate the conclusions and recommendations of these networks to derive some sort of consensus . one approach to such a co ←
→ an innovative salient object detection using center - dark channel prior ; saliency detection aims to detect the most attractive objects in images , which has been widely used as a foundation for various multimedia applications . in this paper , we propose a novel salient object detection algorithm for rgb - d images using center - dark channel prior . first , we generate an initial saliency map based on a color saliency map and a depth saliency map of a given rgb - d image . then , we generate a center - dark channel map b ←
→ unbeatable imitation ; we show that for many classes of symmetric two - player games , the simple decision rule " imitate - the - best " can hardly be beaten by any other decision rule . we provide necessary and sufficient conditions for imitation to be unbeatable and show that it can only be beaten by much in games that are of the rock - scissors - paper variety . thus , in many interesting examples , like 2x2 games , cournot duopoly , price competition , rent seeking , public goods games , common pool resource games , minimum e ←
→ neural personalized response generation as domain adaptation ; in this paper , we focus on the personalized response generation for conversational systems . based on the sequence to sequence learning , especially the encoder - decoder framework , we propose a two - phase approach , namely initialization then adaptation , to model the responding style of human and then generate personalized responses . for evaluation , we propose a novel human aided method to evaluate the performance of the personalized response generat ←
→ scalable variational inference for dynamical systems ; gradient matching is a promising tool for learning parameters and state dynamics of ordinary differential equations . it is a grid free inference approach which for fully observable systems is at times competitive with numerical integration . however for many real - world applications , only sparse observations are available or even unobserved variables are included in the model description . in these cases most gradient matching methods are difficult to appl ←
→ value - function approximations for partially observable markov decision processes ; partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) provide an elegant mathematical framework for modeling complex decision and planning problems in stochastic domains in which states of the system are observable only indirectly , via a set of imperfect or noisy observations . the modeling advantage of pomdps , however , comes at a price -- exact methods for solving them are computationally very expensive and thus applicabl ←
→ a bayesian methodology for estimating uncertainty of decisions in safety - critical systems ; uncertainty of decisions in safety - critical engineering applications can be estimated on the basis of the bayesian markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) technique of averaging over decision models . the use of decision tree ( dt ) models assists experts to interpret causal relations and find factors of the uncertainty . bayesian averaging also allows experts to estimate the uncertainty accurately when a priori information on ←
→ cardiologist - level arrhythmia detection with convolutional neural networks ; we develop an algorithm which exceeds the performance of board certified cardiologists in detecting a wide range of heart arrhythmias from electrocardiograms recorded with a single - lead wearable monitor . we build a dataset with more than 500 times the number of unique patients than previously studied corpora . on this dataset , we train a 34 - layer convolutional neural network which maps a sequence of ecg samples to a sequence of rh ←
→ densely tracking sequences of 3d face scans ; 3d face dense tracking aims to find dense inter - frame correspondences in a sequence of 3d face scans and constitutes a powerful tool for many face analysis tasks , e . g ., 3d dynamic facial expression analysis . the majority of the existing methods just fit a 3d face surface or model to a 3d target surface without considering temporal information between frames . in this paper , we propose a novel method for densely tracking sequences of 3d face scans , which ex - tends ←
→ knowledge propagation in contextualized knowledge repositories : an experimental evaluation ; as the interest in the representation of context dependent knowledge in the semantic web has been recognized , a number of logic based solutions have been proposed in this regard . in our recent works , in response to this need , we presented the description logic - based contextualized knowledge repository ( ckr ) framework . ckr is not only a theoretical framework , but it has been effectively implemented over state - of - th ←
→ online learning of portfolio ensembles with sector exposure regularization ; we consider online learning of ensembles of portfolio selection algorithms and aim to regularize risk by encouraging diversification with respect to a predefined risk - driven grouping of stocks . our procedure uses online convex optimization to control capital allocation to underlying investment algorithms while encouraging non - sparsity over the given grouping . we prove a logarithmic regret for this procedure with respect to the be ←
→ an efficient pseudo - likelihood method for sparse binary pairwise markov network estimation ; the pseudo - likelihood method is one of the most popular algorithms for learning sparse binary pairwise markov networks . in this paper , we formulate the $ l_1 $ regularized pseudo - likelihood problem as a sparse multiple logistic regression problem . in this way , many insights and optimization procedures for sparse logistic regression can be applied to the learning of discrete markov networks . specifically , we use the ←
→ multiclass learnability and the erm principle ; we study the sample complexity of multiclass prediction in several learning settings . for the pac setting our analysis reveals a surprising phenomenon : in sharp contrast to binary classification , we show that there exist multiclass hypothesis classes for which some empirical risk minimizers ( erm learners ) have lower sample complexity than others . furthermore , there are classes that are learnable by some erm learners , while other erm learners will fail to learn ←
→ dataset for a neural natural language interface for databases ( nnlidb ) ; progress in natural language interfaces to databases ( nlidb ) has been slow mainly due to linguistic issues ( such as language ambiguity ) and domain portability . moreover , the lack of a large corpus to be used as a standard benchmark has made data - driven approaches difficult to develop and compare . in this paper , we revisit the problem of nlidbs and recast it as a sequence translation problem . to this end , we introduce a large dataset ex ←
→ rankme : reliable human ratings for natural language generation ; human evaluation for natural language generation ( nlg ) often suffers from inconsistent user ratings . while previous research tends to attribute this problem to individual user preferences , we show that the quality of human judgements can also be improved by experimental design . we present a novel rank - based magnitude estimation method ( rankme ), which combines the use of continuous scales and relative assessments . we show that rankme significan ←
→ optimization of ensemble supervised learning algorithms for increased sensitivity , specificity , and auc of population - based colorectal cancer screenings ; over 150 , 000 new people in the united states are diagnosed with colorectal cancer each year . nearly a third die from it ( american cancer society ). the only approved noninvasive diagnosis tools currently involve fecal blood count tests ( fobts ) or stool dna tests . fecal blood count tests take only five minutes and are available over the counter for as l ←
→ fast convolutional sparse coding in the dual domain ; convolutional sparse coding ( csc ) is an important building block of many computer vision applications ranging from image and video compression to deep learning . we present two contributions to the state of the art in csc . first , we significantly speed up the computation by proposing a new optimization framework that tackles the problem in the dual domain . second , we extend the original formulation to higher dimensions in order to process a wider range of ←
→ clustering evolving data using kernel - based methods ; in this thesis , we propose several modelling strategies to tackle evolving data in different contexts . in the framework of static clustering , we start by introducing a soft kernel spectral clustering ( sksc ) algorithm , which can better deal with overlapping clusters with respect to kernel spectral clustering ( ksc ) and provides more interpretable outcomes . afterwards , a whole strategy based upon ksc for community detection of static networks is proposed , w ←
→ introduction to the sp theory of intelligence ; this article provides a brief introduction to the " theory of intelligence " and its realisation in the " sp computer model ". the overall goal of the sp programme of research , in accordance with long - established principles in science , has been the simplification and integration of observations and concepts across artificial intelligence , mainstream computing , mathematics , and human learning , perception , and cognition . in broad terms , the sp system is a brain - like ←
→ self - regulating artificial general intelligence ; here we examine the paperclip apocalypse concern for artificial general intelligence ( or agi ) whereby a superintelligent ai with a simple goal ( ie ., producing paperclips ) accumulates power so that all resources are devoted towards that simple goal and are unavailable for any other use . we provide conditions under which a paper apocalypse can arise but also show that , under certain architectures for recursive self - improvement of ais , that a paperclip ai may r ←
→ poincaré embeddings for learning hierarchical representations ; representation learning has become an invaluable approach for learning from symbolic data such as text and graphs . however , while complex symbolic datasets often exhibit a latent hierarchical structure , state - of - the - art methods typically learn embeddings in euclidean vector spaces , which do not account for this property . for this purpose , we introduce a new approach for learning hierarchical representations of symbolic data by embedding them in ←
→ specialized support vector machines for open - set recognition ; often , when dealing with real - world recognition problems , we do not need , and often cannot have , knowledge of the entire set of possible classes that might appear during operational testing . moreover , sometimes some of these classes may be ill - sampled , not sampled at all or undefined . in such cases , we need to think of robust classification methods able to deal with the " unknown " and properly reject samples belonging to classes never seen during ←
→ thermodynamics of information retrieval ; in this work , we suggest a parameterized statistical model ( the gamma distribution ) for the frequency of word occurrences in long strings of english text and use this model to build a corresponding thermodynamic picture by constructing the partition function . we then use our partition function to compute thermodynamic quantities such as the free energy and the specific heat . in this approach , the parameters of the word frequency model vary from word to word so that ←
→ recent advances in transient imaging : a computer graphics and vision perspective ; transient imaging has recently made a huge impact in the computer graphics and computer vision fields . by capturing , reconstructing , or simulating light transport at extreme temporal resolutions , researchers have proposed novel techniques to show movies of light in motion , see around corners , detect objects in highly - scattering media , or infer material properties from a distance , to name a few . the key idea is to leverage t ←
→ computationally efficient implementation of convolution - based locally adaptive binarization techniques ; one of the most important steps of document image processing is binarization . the computational requirements of locally adaptive binarization techniques make them unsuitable for devices with limited computing facilities . in this paper , we have presented a computationally efficient implementation of convolution based locally adaptive binarization techniques keeping the performance comparable to the orig ←
→ a parallel framework for parametric maximum flow problems in image segmentation ; this paper presents a framework that supports the implementation of parallel solutions for the widespread parametric maximum flow computational routines used in image segmentation algorithms . the framework is based on supergraphs , a special construction combining several image graphs into a larger one , and works on various architectures ( multi - core or gpu ), either locally or remotely in a cluster of computing nodes . the fram ←
→ fast optical flow using dense inverse search ; most recent works in optical flow extraction focus on the accuracy and neglect the time complexity . however , in real - life visual applications , such as tracking , activity detection and recognition , the time complexity is critical . we propose a solution with very low time complexity and competitive accuracy for the computation of dense optical flow . it consists of three parts : 1 ) inverse search for patch correspondences ; 2 ) dense displacement field creation thr ←
→ enhanced attacks on defensively distilled deep neural networks ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have achieved tremendous success in many tasks of machine learning , such as the image classification . unfortunately , researchers have shown that dnns are easily attacked by adversarial examples , slightly perturbed images which can mislead dnns to give incorrect classification results . such attack has seriously hampered the deployment of dnn systems in areas where security or safety requirements are strict , such as a ←
→ regularizing deep neural networks by noise : its interpretation and optimization ; overfitting is one of the most critical challenges in deep neural networks , and there are various types of regularization methods to improve generalization performance . injecting noises to hidden units during training , e . g ., dropout , is known as a successful regularizer , but it is still not clear enough why such training techniques work well in practice and how we can maximize their benefit in the presence of two conflicting ←
→ genetic algorithms and quantum computation ; recently , researchers have applied genetic algorithms ( gas ) to address some problems in quantum computation . also , there has been some works in the designing of genetic algorithms based on quantum theoretical concepts and techniques . the so called quantum evolutionary programming has two major sub - areas : quantum inspired genetic algorithms ( qigas ) and quantum genetic algorithms ( qgas ). the former adopts qubit chromosomes as representations and employs quantum gat ←
→ a feature selection method for multivariate performance measures ; feature selection with specific multivariate performance measures is the key to the success of many applications , such as image retrieval and text classification . the existing feature selection methods are usually designed for classification error . in this paper , we propose a generalized sparse regularizer . based on the proposed regularizer , we present a unified feature selection framework for general loss functions . in particular , we study ←
→ multiple ant - bee colony optimization for load balancing in packet - switched networks ; one of the important issues in computer networks is " load balancing " which leads to efficient use of the network resources . to achieve a balanced network it is necessary to find different routes between the source and destination . in the current paper we propose a new approach to find different routes using swarm intelligence techniques and multi colony algorithms . in the proposed algorithm that is an improved version of ←
→ adversarial examples , uncertainty , and transfer testing robustness in gaussian process hybrid deep networks ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have excellent representative power and are state of the art classifiers on many tasks . however , they often do not capture their own uncertainties well making them less robust in the real world as they overconfidently extrapolate and do not notice domain shift . gaussian processes ( gps ) with rbf kernels on the other hand have better calibrated uncertainties and do not ov ←
→ learning complex swarm behaviors by exploiting local communication protocols with deep reinforcement learning ; swarm systems constitute a challenging problem for reinforcement learning ( rl ) as the algorithm needs to learn decentralized control policies that can cope with limited local sensing and communication abilities of the agents . although there have been recent advances of deep rl algorithms applied to multi - agent systems , learning communication protocols while simultaneously learning the behavior o ←
→ contour detection using contrast formulas in the framework of logarithmic models ; in this paper we use a new logarithmic model of image representation , developed in [ 1 , 2 ], for edge detection . in fact , in the framework of the new model we obtain the formulas for computing the " contrast of a pixel " and the " contrast " image is just the " contour " or edge image . in our setting the range of values is preserved and the quality of the contour is good for high as well as for low luminosity regions . we present the ←
→ subspace clustering with missing and corrupted data ; given full or partial information about a collection of points that lie close to a union of several subspaces , subspace clustering refers to the process of clustering the points according to their subspace and identifying the subspaces . one popular approach , sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ), represents each sample as a weighted combination of the other samples , with weights of minimal $\ ell_1 $ norm , and then uses those learned weights to cluster the samp ←
→ evaluating discussion boards on blackboard as a collaborative learning tool a students survey and reflections ; in this paper , we investigate how the students think of their experience in a junior level course that has a blackboard course presence where the students use the discussion boards extensively . a survey is set up through blackboard as a voluntary quiz and the student who participated were given a freebie point . the results and the participation were very interesting in terms of the feedback we g ←
→ before name - calling : dynamics and triggers of ad hominem fallacies in web argumentation ; arguing without committing a fallacy is one of the main requirements of an ideal debate . but even when debating rules are strictly enforced and fallacious arguments punished , arguers often lapse into attacking the opponent by an ad hominem argument . as existing research lacks solid empirical investigation of the typology of ad hominem arguments as well as their potential causes , this paper fills this gap by ( 1 ) perfo ←
→ composite likelihood estimation for restricted boltzmann machines ; learning the parameters of graphical models using the maximum likelihood estimation is generally hard which requires an approximation . maximum composite likelihood estimations are statistical approximations of the maximum likelihood estimation which are higher - order generalizations of the maximum pseudo - likelihood estimation . in this paper , we propose a composite likelihood method and investigate its property . furthermore , we apply our comp ←
→ efficient constrained regret minimization ; online learning constitutes a mathematical and compelling framework to analyze sequential decision making problems in adversarial environments . the learner repeatedly chooses an action , the environment responds with an outcome , and then the learner receives a reward for the played action . the goal of the learner is to maximize his total reward . however , there are situations in which , in addition to maximizing the cumulative reward , there are some additional constr ←
→ estimating complex causal effects from incomplete observational data ; despite the major advances taken in causal modeling , causality is still an unfamiliar topic for many statisticians . in this paper , it is demonstrated from the beginning to the end how causal effects can be estimated from observational data assuming that the causal structure is known . to make the problem more challenging , the causal effects are highly nonlinear and the data are missing at random . the tools used in the estimation include c ←
→ anchor - free correlated topic modeling : identifiability and algorithm ; in topic modeling , many algorithms that guarantee identifiability of the topics have been developed under the premise that there exist anchor words -- i . e ., words that only appear ( with positive probability ) in one topic . follow - up work has resorted to three or higher - order statistics of the data corpus to relax the anchor word assumption . reliable estimates of higher - order statistics are hard to obtain , however , and the identification o ←
→ using web co - occurrence statistics for improving image categorization ; object recognition and localization are important tasks in computer vision . the focus of this work is the incorporation of contextual information in order to improve object recognition and localization . for instance , it is natural to expect not to see an elephant to appear in the middle of an ocean . we consider a simple approach to encapsulate such common sense knowledge using co - occurrence statistics from web documents . by merely count ←
→ tensor - sift based earth mover ' s distance for contour tracking ; contour tracking in adverse environments is a challenging problem due to cluttered background , illumination variation , occlusion , and noise , among others . this paper presents a robust contour tracking method by contributing to some of the key issues involved , including ( a ) a region functional formulation and its optimization ; ( b ) design of a robust and effective feature ; and ( c ) development of an integrated tracking algorithm . first , we formula ←
→ evolutionary forces in language change ; languages and genes are both transmitted from generation to generation , with opportunity for differential reproduction and survivorship of forms . here we apply a rigorous inference framework , drawn from population genetics , to distinguish between two broad mechanisms of language change : drift and selection . drift is change that results from stochasticity in transmission and it may occur in the absence of any intrinsic difference between linguistic forms ; whereas sele ←
→ finite sample analyses for td ( 0 ) with function approximation ; td ( 0 ) is one of the most commonly used algorithms in reinforcement learning . despite this , there is no existing finite sample analysis for td ( 0 ) with function approximation , even for the linear case . our work is the first to provide such results . existing convergence rates for temporal difference ( td ) methods apply only to somewhat modified versions , e . g ., projected variants or ones where stepsizes depend on unknown problem parameters . our analy ←
→ hyperspectral image classification and clutter detection via multiple structural embeddings and dimension reductions ; we present a new and effective approach for hyperspectral image ( hsi ) classification and clutter detection , overcoming a few long - standing challenges presented by hsi data characteristics . residing in a high - dimensional spectral attribute space , hsi data samples are known to be strongly correlated in their spectral signatures , exhibit nonlinear structure due to several physical laws , and ←
→ a fuzzy expert system for earthquake prediction , case study : the zagros range ; a methodology for the development of a fuzzy expert system ( fes ) with application to earthquake prediction is presented . the idea is to reproduce the performance of a human expert in earthquake prediction . to do this , at the first step , rules provided by the human expert are used to generate a fuzzy rule base . these rules are then fed into an inference engine to produce a fuzzy inference system ( fis ) and to infer the results . ←
→ towards a systematic account of different semantics for logic programs ; in [ hitzler and wendt 2002 , 2005 ], a new methodology has been proposed which allows to derive uniform characterizations of different declarative semantics for logic programs with negation . one result from this work is that the well - founded semantics can formally be understood as a stratified version of the fitting ( or kripke - kleene ) semantics . the constructions leading to this result , however , show a certain asymmetry which is not read ←
→ referenceless quality estimation for natural language generation ; traditional automatic evaluation measures for natural language generation ( nlg ) use costly human - authored references to estimate the quality of a system output . in this paper , we propose a referenceless quality estimation ( qe ) approach based on recurrent neural networks , which predicts a quality score for a nlg system output by comparing it to the source meaning representation only . our method outperforms traditional metrics and a constant b ←
→ on global warming ( softening global constraints ) ; we describe soft versions of the global cardinality constraint and the regular constraint , with efficient filtering algorithms maintaining domain consistency . for both constraints , the softening is achieved by augmenting the underlying graph . the softened constraints can be used to extend the meta - constraint framework for over - constrained problems proposed by petit , regin and bessiere .←
→ on the generalization of the c - bound to structured output ensemble methods ; this paper generalizes an important result from the pac - bayesian literature for binary classification to the case of ensemble methods for structured outputs . we prove a generic version of the \ cbound , an upper bound over the risk of models expressed as a weighted majority vote that is based on the first and second statistical moments of the vote ' s margin . this bound may advantageously $( i )$ be applied on more complex outputs such ←
→ phase recovery and holographic image reconstruction using deep learning in neural networks ; phase recovery from intensity - only measurements forms the heart of coherent imaging techniques and holography . here we demonstrate that a neural network can learn to perform phase recovery and holographic image reconstruction after appropriate training . this deep learning - based approach provides an entirely new framework to conduct holographic imaging by rapidly eliminating twin - image and self - interference related ←
→ bounded coordinate - descent for biological sequence classification in high dimensional predictor space ; we present a framework for discriminative sequence classification where the learner works directly in the high dimensional predictor space of all subsequences in the training set . this is possible by employing a new coordinate - descent algorithm coupled with bounding the magnitude of the gradient for selecting discriminative subsequences fast . we characterize the loss functions for which our generic lear ←
→ a study on text - score disagreement in online reviews ; in this paper , we focus on online reviews and employ artificial intelligence tools , taken from the cognitive computing field , to help understanding the relationships between the textual part of the review and the assigned numerical score . we move from the intuitions that 1 ) a set of textual reviews expressing different sentiments may feature the same score ( and vice - versa ); and 2 ) detecting and analyzing the mismatches between the review content and the ←
→ aspcud : a linux package configuration tool based on answer set programming ; we present the linux package configuration tool aspcud based on answer set programming . in particular , we detail aspcud ' s preprocessor turning a cudf specification into a set of logical facts .←
→ automatic road lighting system ( arls ) model based on image processing of moving object ; using a vehicle toy ( in next future called vehicle ) as a moving object an automatic road lighting system ( arls ) model is constructed . a digital video camera with 25 fps is used to capture the vehicle motion as it moves in the test segment of the road . captured images are then processed to calculate vehicle speed . this information of the speed together with position of vehicle is then used to control the lighting syste ←
→ anomaly detection using one - class neural networks ; we propose a one - class neural network ( oc - nn ) model to detect anomalies in complex data sets . oc - nn combines the ability of deep networks to extract progressively rich representation of data with the one - class objective of creating a tight envelope around normal data . the oc - nn approach breaks new ground for the following crucial reason : data representation in the hidden layer is driven by the oc - nn objective and is thus customized for anomaly detection . t ←
→ statistical machine translation for indian languages : mission hindi ; this paper discusses centre for development of advanced computing mumbai ' s ( cdacm ) submission to the nlp tools contest on statistical machine translation in indian languages ( ilsmt ) 2014 ( collocated with icon 2014 ). the objective of the contest was to explore the effectiveness of statistical machine translation ( smt ) for indian language to indian language and english - hindi machine translation . in this paper , we have proposed that suffix s ←
→ deep learning for medical image processing : overview , challenges and future ; healthcare sector is totally different from other industry . it is on high priority sector and people expect highest level of care and services regardless of cost . it did not achieve social expectation even though it consume huge percentage of budget . mostly the interpretations of medical data is being done by medical expert . in terms of image interpretation by human expert , it is quite limited due to its subjectivity , the comple ←
→ generative adversarial network based on resnet for conditional image restoration ; the gans promote an adversarive game to approximate complex and jointed example probability . the networks driven by noise generate fake examples to approximate realistic data distributions . later the conditional gan merges prior - conditions as input in order to transfer attribute vectors to the corresponding data . however , the cgan is not designed to deal with the high dimension conditions since indirect guide of the learnin ←
→ image reconstruction from bag - of - visual - words ; the objective of this work is to reconstruct an original image from bag - of - visual - words ( bovw ). image reconstruction from features can be a means of identifying the characteristics of features . additionally , it enables us to generate novel images via features . although bovw is the de facto standard feature for image recognition and retrieval , successful image reconstruction from bovw has not been reported yet . what complicates this task is that bovw lacks the ←
→ online signature verification using recurrent neural network and length - normalized path signature ; inspired by the great success of recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) in sequential modeling , we introduce a novel rnn system to improve the performance of online signature verification . the training objective is to directly minimize intra - class variations and to push the distances between skilled forgeries and genuine samples above a given threshold . by back - propagating the training signals , our rnn network pr ←
→ application of a clustering framework to uk domestic electricity data ; this paper takes an approach to clustering domestic electricity load profiles that has been successfully used with data from portugal and applies it to uk data . clustering techniques are applied and it is found that the preferred technique in the portuguese work ( a two stage process combining self organised maps and kmeans ) is not appropriate for the uk data . the work shows that up to nine clusters of households can be identified with t ←
→ honk : a pytorch reimplementation of convolutional neural networks for keyword spotting ; we describe honk , an open - source pytorch reimplementation of convolutional neural networks for keyword spotting that are included as examples in tensorflow . these models are useful for recognizing " command triggers " in speech - based interfaces ( e . g ., " hey siri "), which serve as explicit cues for audio recordings of utterances that are sent to the cloud for full speech recognition . evaluation on google ' s recently releas ←
→ basic reasoning with tensor product representations ; in this paper we present the initial development of a general theory for mapping inference in predicate logic to computation over tensor product representations ( tprs ; smolensky ( 1990 ), smolensky & legendre ( 2006 )). after an initial brief synopsis of tprs ( section 0 ), we begin with particular examples of inference with tprs in the ' babi ' question - answering task of weston et al . ( 2015 ) ( section 1 ). we then present a simplification of the general analysis ←
→ faster rates for the frank - wolfe method over strongly - convex sets ; the frank - wolfe method ( a . k . a . conditional gradient algorithm ) for smooth optimization has regained much interest in recent years in the context of large scale optimization and machine learning . a key advantage of the method is that it avoids projections - the computational bottleneck in many applications - replacing it by a linear optimization step . despite this advantage , the known convergence rates of the fw method fall behind standard f ←
→ near optimal bayesian active learning for decision making ; how should we gather information to make effective decisions ? we address bayesian active learning and experimental design problems , where we sequentially select tests to reduce uncertainty about a set of hypotheses . instead of minimizing uncertainty per se , we consider a set of overlapping decision regions of these hypotheses . our goal is to drive uncertainty into a single decision region as quickly as possible . we identify necessary and sufficie ←
→ seboost - boosting stochastic learning using subspace optimization techniques ; we present seboost , a technique for boosting the performance of existing stochastic optimization methods . seboost applies a secondary optimization process in the subspace spanned by the last steps and descent directions . the method was inspired by the sesop optimization method for large - scale problems , and has been adapted for the stochastic learning framework . it can be applied on top of any existing optimization method with ←
→ prosody : the rhythms and melodies of speech ; the present contribution is a tutorial on selected aspects of prosody , the rhythms and melodies of speech , based on a course of the same name at the summer school on contemporary phonetics and phonology at tongji university , shanghai , china in july 2016 . the tutorial is not intended as an introduction to experimental methodology or as an overview of the literature on the topic , but as an outline of observationally accessible aspects of fundamental frequency and ←
→ from kernel machines to ensemble learning ; ensemble methods such as boosting combine multiple learners to obtain better prediction than could be obtained from any individual learner . here we propose a principled framework for directly constructing ensemble learning methods from kernel methods . unlike previous studies showing the equivalence between boosting and support vector machines ( svms ), which needs a translation procedure , we show that it is possible to design boosting - like procedure to solve the svm ←
→ face hallucination using linear models of coupled sparse support ; most face super - resolution methods assume that low - resolution and high - resolution manifolds have similar local geometrical structure , hence learn local models on the lowresolution manifolds ( e . g . sparse or locally linear embedding models ), which are then applied on the high - resolution manifold . however , the low - resolution manifold is distorted by the oneto - many relationship between low - and high - resolution patches . this paper presents a met ←
→ constrained bayesian networks : theory , optimization , and applications ; we develop the theory and practice of an approach to modelling and probabilistic inference in causal networks that is suitable when application - specific or analysis - specific constraints should inform such inference or when little or no data for the learning of causal network structure or probability values at nodes are available . constrained bayesian networks generalize a bayesian network such that probabilities can be symbolic , arithme ←
→ revisit fuzzy neural network : demystifying batch normalization and relu with generalized hamming network ; we revisit fuzzy neural network with a cornerstone notion of generalized hamming distance , which provides a novel and theoretically justified framework to re - interpret many useful neural network techniques in terms of fuzzy logic . in particular , we conjecture and empirically illustrate that , the celebrated batch normalization ( bn ) technique actually adapts the normalized bias such that it approximate ←
→ comparison based learning from weak oracles ; there is increasing interest in learning algorithms that involve interaction between human and machine . comparison - based queries are among the most natural ways to get feedback from humans . a challenge in designing comparison - based interactive learning algorithms is coping with noisy answers . the most common fix is to submit a query several times , but this is not applicable in many situations due to its prohibitive cost and due to the unrealistic assumption of i ←
→ learning from imprecise and fuzzy observations : data disambiguation through generalized loss minimization ; methods for analyzing or learning from " fuzzy data " have attracted increasing attention in recent years . in many cases , however , existing methods ( for precise , non - fuzzy data ) are extended to the fuzzy case in an ad - hoc manner , and without carefully considering the interpretation of a fuzzy set when being used for modeling data . distinguishing between an ontic and an epistemic interpretation of fuzz ←
→ generative adversarial models for people attribute recognition in surveillance ; in this paper we propose a deep architecture for detecting people attributes ( e . g . gender , race , clothing ...) in surveillance contexts . our proposal explicitly deal with poor resolution and occlusion issues that often occur in surveillance footages by enhancing the images by means of deep convolutional generative adversarial networks ( dcgan ). experiments show that by combining both our generative reconstruction and deep attr ←
→ comparative uncertainty , belief functions and accepted beliefs ; this paper relates comparative belief structures and a general view of belief management in the setting of deductively closed logical representations of accepted beliefs . we show that the range of compatibility between the classical deductive closure and uncertain reasoning covers precisely the nonmonotonic ' preferential ' inference system of kraus , lehmann and magidor and nothing else . in terms of uncertain reasoning any possibility or necessi ←
→ deep gaussian mixture models ; deep learning is a hierarchical inference method formed by subsequent multiple layers of learning able to more efficiently describe complex relationships . in this work , deep gaussian mixture models are introduced and discussed . a deep gaussian mixture model ( dgmm ) is a network of multiple layers of latent variables , where , at each layer , the variables follow a mixture of gaussian distributions . thus , the deep mixture model consists of a set of nested mixtures of linear models ,←
→ viral search algorithm ; the article , after a brief introduction on genetic algorithms and their functioning , presents a kind of genetic algorithm called viral search . we present the key concepts , we formally derive the algorithm and we perform numerical tests designed to illustrate the potential and limits .←
→ the history began from alexnet : a comprehensive survey on deep learning approaches ; deep learning has demonstrated tremendous success in variety of application domains in the past few years . this new field of machine learning has been growing rapidly and applied in most of the application domains with some new modalities of applications , which helps to open new opportunity . there are different methods have been proposed on different category of learning approaches , which includes supervised , semi - supervi ←
→ training a hidden markov model with a bayesian spiking neural network ; it is of some interest to understand how statistically based mechanisms for signal processing might be integrated with biologically motivated mechanisms such as neural networks . this paper explores a novel hybrid approach for classifying segments of sequential data , such as individual spoken works . the approach combines a hidden markov model ( hmm ) with a spiking neural network ( snn ). the hmm , consisting of states and transitions , forms ←
→ non - linear subspace clustering with learned low - rank kernels ; in this paper , we present a kernel subspace clustering method that can handle non - linear models . in contrast to recent kernel subspace clustering methods which use predefined kernels , we propose to learn a low - rank kernel matrix , with which mapped data in feature space are not only low - rank but also self - expressive . in this manner , the low - dimensional subspace structures of the ( implicitly ) mapped data are retained and manifested in the high - dim ←
→ tight continuous relaxation of the balanced $ k $- cut problem ; spectral clustering as a relaxation of the normalized / ratio cut has become one of the standard graph - based clustering methods . existing methods for the computation of multiple clusters , corresponding to a balanced $ k $- cut of the graph , are either based on greedy techniques or heuristics which have weak connection to the original motivation of minimizing the normalized cut . in this paper we propose a new tight continuous relaxation for any balance ←
→ spanish 1992 ( s92 ): corpus - based analysis of present - day spanish for medical purposes ; s92 research was begun in 1987 to analyze word frequencies in present - day spanish for making speech pathology evaluation tools . 500 2 , 000 - word samples of children , adolescents and adults ' language were input between 1988 - 1991 , calculations done in 1992 ; statistical and lewandowski analyses were carried out in 1993 .←
→ toward a new instances of nell ; we are developing the method to start new instances of nell in various languages and develop then nell multilingualism . we base our method on our experience on nell portuguese and nell french . this reports explain our method and develops some research perspectives .←
→ penetration testing == pomdp solving ? ; penetration testing is a methodology for assessing network security , by generating and executing possible attacks . doing so automatically allows for regular and systematic testing without a prohibitive amount of human labor . a key question then is how to generate the attacks . this is naturally formulated as a planning problem . previous work ( lucangeli et al . 2010 ) used classical planning and hence ignores all the incomplete knowledge that characterizes hacking . more r ←
→ recognizing image style ; the style of an image plays a significant role in how it is viewed , but style has received little attention in computer vision research . we describe an approach to predicting style of images , and perform a thorough evaluation of different image features for these tasks . we find that features learned in a multi - layer network generally perform best -- even when trained with object class ( not style ) labels . our large - scale learning methods results in the best published performance on ←
→ greedy criterion in orthogonal greedy learning ; orthogonal greedy learning ( ogl ) is a stepwise learning scheme that starts with selecting a new atom from a specified dictionary via the steepest gradient descent ( sgd ) and then builds the estimator through orthogonal projection . in this paper , we find that sgd is not the unique greedy criterion and introduce a new greedy criterion , called "$\ delta $- greedy threshold " for learning . based on the new greedy criterion , we derive an adaptive termination rule for o ←
→ an algorithm to find optimal attack paths in nondeterministic scenarios ; as penetration testing frameworks have evolved and have become more complex , the problem of controlling automatically the pentesting tool has become an important question . this can be naturally addressed as an attack planning problem . previous approaches to this problem were based on modeling the actions and assets in the pddl language , and using off - the - shelf ai tools to generate attack plans . these approaches however are limited . in ←
→ finding mirror symmetry via registration ; symmetry is prevalent in nature and a common theme in man - made designs . both the human visual system and computer vision algorithms can use symmetry to facilitate object recognition and other tasks . detecting mirror symmetry in images and data is , therefore , useful for a number of applications . here , we demonstrate that the problem of fitting a plane of mirror symmetry to data in any euclidian space can be reduced to the problem of registering two datasets . the exa ←
→ sleep stage classification based on multi - level feature learning and recurrent neural networks via wearable device ; this paper proposes a practical approach for automatic sleep stage classification based on a multi - level feature learning framework and recurrent neural network ( rnn ) classifier using heart rate and wrist actigraphy derived from a wearable device . the feature learning framework is designed to extract low - and mid - level features . low - level features capture temporal and frequency domain prope ←
→ embedded all relevant feature selection with random ferns ; many machine learning methods can produce variable importance scores expressing the usability of each feature in context of the produced model ; those scores on their own are yet not sufficient to generate feature selection , especially when an all relevant selection is required . although there are wrapper methods aiming to solve this problem , they introduce a substantial increase in the required computational effort . in this paper i investigate an ←
→ dynamic sampling convolutional neural networks ; we present dynamic sampling convolutional neural networks ( dscnn ), where the position - specific kernels learn from not only the current position but also multiple sampled neighbour regions . during sampling , residual learning is introduced to ease training and an attention mechanism is applied to fuse features from different samples . and the kernels are further factorized to reduce parameters . the multiple sampling strategy enlarges the effective receptive fiel ←
→ on clustering time series using euclidean distance and pearson correlation ; for time series comparisons , it has often been observed that z - score normalized euclidean distances far outperform the unnormalized variant . in this paper we show that a z - score normalized , squared euclidean distance is , in fact , equal to a distance based on pearson correlation . this has profound impact on many distance - based classification or clustering methods . in addition to this theoretically sound result we also show that th ←
→ a new selection strategy for selective cluster ensemble based on diversity and independency ; this research introduces a new strategy in cluster ensemble selection by using independency and diversity metrics . in recent years , diversity and quality , which are two metrics in evaluation procedure , have been used for selecting basic clustering results in the cluster ensemble selection . although quality can improve the final results in cluster ensemble , it cannot control the procedures of generating basic resu ←
→ expectation propagation for continuous time stochastic processes ; we consider the inverse problem of reconstructing the posterior measure over the trajec - tories of a diffusion process from discrete time observations and continuous time constraints . we cast the problem in a bayesian framework and derive approximations to the posterior distributions of single time marginals using variational approximate inference . we then show how the approximation can be extended to a wide class of discrete - state markov ju ←
→ mixtures of conditional gaussian scale mixtures applied to multiscale image representations ; we present a probabilistic model for natural images which is based on gaussian scale mixtures and a simple multiscale representation . in contrast to the dominant approach to modeling whole images focusing on markov random fields , we formulate our model in terms of a directed graphical model . we show that it is able to generate images with interesting higher - order correlations when trained on natural images or sam ←
→ knowledge - guided deep fractal neural networks for human pose estimation ; human pose estimation using deep neural networks aims to map input images with large variations into multiple body keypoints which must satisfy a set of geometric constraints and inter - dependency imposed by the human body model . this is a very challenging nonlinear manifold learning process in a very high dimensional feature space . we believe that the deep neural network , which is inherently an algebraic computation system , is not the ←
→ generalization error bounds for optimization algorithms via stability ; many machine learning tasks can be formulated as regularized empirical risk minimization ( r - erm ), and solved by optimization algorithms such as gradient descent ( gd ), stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ), and stochastic variance reduction ( svrg ). conventional analysis on these optimization algorithms focuses on their convergence rates during the training process , however , people in the machine learning community may care more about the gen ←
→ text extraction from texture images using masked signal decomposition ; text extraction is an important problem in image processing with applications from optical character recognition to autonomous driving . most of the traditional text segmentation algorithms consider separating text from a simple background ( which usually has a different color from texts ). in this work we consider separating texts from a textured background , that has similar color to texts . we look at this problem from a signal decomposit ←
→ faster variational inducing input gaussian process classification ; gaussian processes ( gp ) provide a prior over functions and allow finding complex regularities in data . gaussian processes are successfully used for classification / regression problems and dimensionality reduction . in this work we consider the classification problem only . the complexity of standard methods for gp - classification scales cubically with the size of the training dataset . this complexity makes them inapplicable to big data problems ←
→ matroids hitting sets and unsupervised dependency grammar induction ; this paper formulates a novel problem on graphs : find the minimal subset of edges in a fully connected graph , such that the resulting graph contains all spanning trees for a set of specifed sub - graphs . this formulation is motivated by an un - supervised grammar induction problem from computational linguistics . we present a reduction to some known problems and algorithms from graph theory , provide computational complexity results , and descri ←
→ pigmil : positive instance detection via graph updating for multiple instance learning ; positive instance detection , especially for these in positive bags ( true positive instances , tpis ), plays a key role for multiple instance learning ( mil ) arising from a specific classification problem only provided with bag ( a set of instances ) label information . however , most previous mil methods on this issue ignore the global similarity among positive instances and that negative instances are non - i . i . d ., usually res ←
→ problem structure and evidential reasoning ; in our previous series of studies to investigate the role of evidential reasoning in the rubric system for full - text document retrieval ( tong et al ., 1985 ; tong and shapiro , 1985 ; tong and appelbaum , 1987 ), we identified the important role that problem structure plays in the overall performance of the system . in this paper , we focus on these structural elements ( which we now call " semantic structure ") and show how explicit consideration of their properties reduce ←
→ discriminative and geometry aware unsupervised domain adaptation ; domain adaptation ( da ) aims to generalize a learning model across training and testing data despite the mismatch of their data distributions . in light of a theoretical estimation of upper error bound , we argue in this paper that an effective da method should 1 ) search a shared feature subspace where source and target data are not only aligned in terms of distributions as most state of the art da methods do , but also discriminative in that in ←
→ learning discriminative stein kernel for spd matrices and its applications ; stein kernel has recently shown promising performance on classifying images represented by symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrices . it evaluates the similarity between two spd matrices through their eigenvalues . in this paper , we argue that directly using the original eigenvalues may be problematic because : i ) eigenvalue estimation becomes biased when the number of samples is inadequate , which may lead to unreliable kernel eva ←
→ network embedding as matrix factorization : unifying deepwalk , line , pte , and node2vec ; since the invention of word2vec , the skip - gram model has significantly advanced the research of network embedding , such as the recent emergence of the deepwalk , line , pte , and node2vec approaches . in this work , we show that all of the aforementioned models with negative sampling can be unified into the matrix factorization framework with closed forms . our analysis and proofs reveal that : ( 1 ) deepwalk empirically produc ←
→ a perceptual measure for deep single image camera calibration ; most current single image camera calibration methods rely on specific image features or user input , and cannot be applied to natural images captured in uncontrolled settings . we propose inferring directly camera calibration parameters from a single image using a deep convolutional neural network . this network is trained using automatically generated samples from a large - scale panorama dataset , and considerably outperforms other methods , includi ←
→ integrating e - commerce and data mining : architecture and challenges ; we show that the e - commerce domain can provide all the right ingredients for successful data mining and claim that it is a killer domain for data mining . we describe an integrated architecture , based on our expe - rience at blue martini software , for supporting this integration . the architecture can dramatically reduce the pre - processing , cleaning , and data understanding effort often documented to take 80 % of the time in knowledge discovery ←
→ regret bounds for opportunistic channel access ; we consider the task of opportunistic channel access in a primary system composed of independent gilbert - elliot channels where the secondary ( or opportunistic ) user does not dispose of a priori information regarding the statistical characteristics of the system . it is shown that this problem may be cast into the framework of model - based learning in a specific class of partially observed markov decision processes ( pomdps ) for which we introduce an algorithm ai ←
→ tubule segmentation of fluorescence microscopy images based on convolutional neural networks with inhomogeneity correction ; fluorescence microscopy has become a widely used tool for studying various biological structures of in vivo tissue or cells . however , quantitative analysis of these biological structures remains a challenge due to their complexity which is exacerbated by distortions caused by lens aberrations and light scattering . moreover , manual quantification of such image volumes is an intractab ←
→ trust - pcl : an off - policy trust region method for continuous control ; trust region methods , such as trpo , are often used to stabilize policy optimization algorithms in reinforcement learning ( rl ). while current trust region strategies are effective for continuous control , they typically require a prohibitively large amount of on - policy interaction with the environment . to address this problem , we propose an off - policy trust region method , trust - pcl . the algorithm is the result of observing that the optimal ←
→ on the nature of long - range letter correlations in texts ; the origin of long - range letter correlations in natural texts is studied using random walk analysis and jensen - shannon divergence . it is concluded that they result from slow variations in letter frequency distribution , which are a consequence of slow variations in lexical composition within the text . these correlations are preserved by random letter shuffling within a moving window . as such , they do reflect structural properties of the text , but in ←
→ complex - valued neural networks with non - parametric activation functions ; complex - valued neural networks ( cvnns ) are a powerful modeling tool for domains where data can be naturally interpreted in terms of complex numbers . however , several analytical properties of the complex domain ( e . g ., holomorphicity ) make the design of cvnns a more challenging task than their real counterpart . in this paper , we consider the problem of flexible activation functions ( afs ) in the complex domain , i . e ., afs endowed with suf ←
→ deep reinforcement learning in large discrete action spaces ; being able to reason in an environment with a large number of discrete actions is essential to bringing reinforcement learning to a larger class of problems . recommender systems , industrial plants and language models are only some of the many real - world tasks involving large numbers of discrete actions for which current methods are difficult or even often impossible to apply . an ability to generalize over the set of actions as well as sub - linear ←
→ kl - based control of the learning schedule for surrogate black - box optimization ; this paper investigates the control of an ml component within the covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy ( cma - es ) devoted to black - box optimization . the known cma - es weakness is its sample complexity , the number of evaluations of the objective function needed to approximate the global optimum . this weakness is commonly addressed through surrogate optimization , learning an estimate of the objective function a . k . a . sur ←
→ a survey of arabic dialogues understanding for spontaneous dialogues and instant message ; building dialogues systems interaction has recently gained considerable attention , but most of the resources and systems built so far are tailored to english and other indo - european languages . the need for designing systems for other languages is increasing such as arabic language . for this reasons , there are more interest for arabic dialogue acts classification task because it a key player in arabic language unders ←
→ image enhancement using the mean dynamic range maximization with logarithmic operations ; in this paper we use a logarithmic model for gray level image enhancement . we begin with a short presentation of the model and then , we propose a new formula for the mean dynamic range . after that we present two image transforms : one performs an optimal enhancement of the mean dynamic range using the logarithmic addition , and the other does the same for positive and negative values using the logarithmic scalar multip ←
→ unbounded human learning : optimal scheduling for spaced repetition ; in the study of human learning , there is broad evidence that our ability to retain information improves with repeated exposure and decays with delay since last exposure . this plays a crucial role in the design of educational software , leading to a trade - off between teaching new material and reviewing what has already been taught . a common way to balance this trade - off is spaced repetition , which uses periodic review of content to improve l ←
→ bayesopt : a bayesian optimization library for nonlinear optimization , experimental design and bandits ; bayesopt is a library with state - of - the - art bayesian optimization methods to solve nonlinear optimization , stochastic bandits or sequential experimental design problems . bayesian optimization is sample efficient by building a posterior distribution to capture the evidence and prior knowledge for the target function . built in standard c ++, the library is extremely efficient while being portable and flexi ←
→ an entropy - based pruning method for cnn compression ; this paper aims to simultaneously accelerate and compress off - the - shelf cnn models via filter pruning strategy . the importance of each filter is evaluated by the proposed entropy - based method first . then several unimportant filters are discarded to get a smaller cnn model . finally , fine - tuning is adopted to recover its generalization ability which is damaged during filter pruning . our method can reduce the size of intermediate activations , which would do ←
→ a new keyphrases extraction method based on suffix tree data structure for arabic documents clustering ; document clustering is a branch of a larger area of scientific study known as data mining . which is an unsupervised classification using to find a structure in a collection of unlabeled data . the useful information in the documents can be accompanied by a large amount of noise words when using full text representation , and therefore will affect negatively the result of the clustering process . so it is ←
→ coevolutionary genetic algorithms for establishing nash equilibrium in symmetric cournot games ; we use co - evolutionary genetic algorithms to model the players ' learning process in several cournot models , and evaluate them in terms of their convergence to the nash equilibrium . the " social - learning " versions of the two co - evolutionary algorithms we introduce , establish nash equilibrium in those models , in contrast to the " individual learning " versions which , as we see here , do not imply the convergence of ←
→ multiscale discriminant saliency for visual attention ; the bottom - up saliency , an early stage of humans ' visual attention , can be considered as a binary classification problem between center and surround classes . discriminant power of features for the classification is measured as mutual information between features and two classes distribution . the estimated discrepancy of two feature classes very much depends on considered scale levels ; then , multi - scale structure and discriminant power are integrated by ←
→ unsupervised preprocessing for tactile data ; tactile information is important for gripping , stable grasp , and in - hand manipulation , yet the complexity of tactile data prevents widespread use of such sensors . we make use of an unsupervised learning algorithm that transforms the complex tactile data into a compact , latent representation without the need to record ground truth reference data . these compact representations can either be used directly in a reinforcement learning based controller or can be used ←
→ horizontal and vertical ensemble with deep representation for classification ; representation learning , especially which by using deep learning , has been widely applied in classification . however , how to use limited size of labeled data to achieve good classification performance with deep neural network , and how can the learned features further improve classification remain indefinite . in this paper , we propose horizontal voting vertical voting and horizontal stacked ensemble methods to improve the classi ←
→ multiple instance fuzzy inference neural networks ; fuzzy logic is a powerful tool to model knowledge uncertainty , measurements imprecision , and vagueness . however , there is another type of vagueness that arises when data have multiple forms of expression that fuzzy logic does not address quite well . this is the case for multiple instance learning problems ( mil ). in mil , an object is represented by a collection of instances , called a bag . a bag is labeled negative if all of its instances are negative , and p ←
→ analysis of agent expertise in ms . pac - man using value - of - information - based policies ; conventional reinforcement learning methods for markov decision processes rely on weakly - guided , stochastic searches to drive the learning process . it can therefore be difficult to predict what agent behaviors might emerge . in this paper , we consider an information - theoretic cost function for performing constrained stochastic searches that promote the formation of risk - averse to risk - favoring behaviors . this cost functi ←
→ towards evolutional compression ; compressing convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) is essential for transferring the success of cnns to a wide variety of applications to mobile devices . in contrast to directly recognizing subtle weights or filters as redundant in a given cnn , this paper presents an evolutionary method to automatically eliminate redundant convolution filters . we represent each compressed network as a binary individual of specific fitness . then , the population is upgraded at each evolutionary ←
→ machine learning methods for solving assignment problems in multi - target tracking ; data association and track - to - track association , two fundamental problems in single - sensor and multi - sensor multi - target tracking , are instances of an np - hard combinatorial optimization problem known as the multidimensional assignment problem ( mdap ). over the last few years , data - driven approaches to tackling mdaps in tracking have become increasingly popular . we argue that viewing multi - target tracking as an assignment pr ←
→ high - dimensional variable selection for cox ' s proportional hazards model ; variable selection in high dimensional space has challenged many contemporary statistical problems from many frontiers of scientific disciplines . recent technology advance has made it possible to collect a huge amount of covariate information such as microarray , proteomic and snp data via bioimaging technology while observing survival information on patients in clinical studies . thus , the same challenge applies to the survival analys ←
→ minimum weight perfect matching via blossom belief propagation ; max - product belief propagation ( bp ) is a popular message - passing algorithm for computing a maximum - a - posteriori ( map ) assignment over a distribution represented by a graphical model ( gm ). it has been shown that bp can solve a number of combinatorial optimization problems including minimum weight matching , shortest path , network flow and vertex cover under the following common assumption : the respective linear programming ( lp ) relaxation is tig ←
→ cloud dictionary : sparse coding and modeling for point clouds ; with the development of range sensors such as lidar and time - of - flight cameras , 3d point cloud scans have become ubiquitous in computer vision applications , the most prominent ones being gesture recognition and autonomous driving . parsimony - based algorithms have shown great success on images and videos where data points are sampled on a regular cartesian grid . we propose an adaptation of these techniques to irregularly sampled signals by using ←
→ fast semantic segmentation on video using motion vector - based feature interpolation ; models optimized for accuracy on challenging , dense prediction tasks such as semantic segmentation entail significant inference costs , and are prohibitively slow to run on each frame in a video . since nearby video frames are spatially similar , however , there is substantial opportunity to reuse computation . existing work has explored basic feature reuse and feature warping based on optical flow , but has encountered limits ←
→ a survey of sms based information systems ; short message service ( sms ) based information systems ( smsbis ) provide an excellent alternative to a traditional approach of obtaining specific information by direct ( through phone ) or indirect ( ivrs , web , email ) probing . information and communication technology and far reaching mobile penetration has opened this new research trend number of key players in search industry including microsoft and google are attracted by the expected increase in volume of use of suc ←
→ frames : a corpus for adding memory to goal - oriented dialogue systems ; this paper presents the frames dataset ( frames is available at http :// datasets . maluuba . com / frames ), a corpus of 1369 human - human dialogues with an average of 15 turns per dialogue . we developed this dataset to study the role of memory in goal - oriented dialogue systems . based on frames , we introduce a task called frame tracking , which extends state tracking to a setting where several states are tracked simultaneously . we propose a baselin ←
→ introduction : cognitive issues in natural language processing ; this special issue is dedicated to get a better picture of the relationships between computational linguistics and cognitive science . it specifically raises two questions : " what is the potential contribution of computational language modeling to cognitive science ?" and conversely : " what is the influence of cognitive science in contemporary computational linguistics ?"←
→ efficient learning of mixed membership models ; we present an efficient algorithm for learning mixed membership models when the number of variables $ p $ is much larger than the number of hidden components $ k $. this algorithm reduces the computational complexity of state - of - the - art tensor methods , which require decomposing an $ o \ left ( p ^ 3 \ right )$ tensor , to factorizing $ o \ left ( p / k \ right )$ sub - tensors each of size $ o \ left ( k ^ 3 \ right )$. in addition , we address the issue of negative entries in the empirical method ←
→ simultaneous task allocation and planning under uncertainty ; we propose novel techniques for task allocation and planning in multi - robot systems operating in uncertain environments . task allocation is performed simultaneously with planning , which provides more detailed information about individual robot behaviour , but also exploits the independence between tasks to do so efficiently . we use markov decision processes to model robot behaviour and linear temporal logic to specify tasks and safety constraints .←
→ contextual regression : an accurate and conveniently interpretable nonlinear model for mining discovery from scientific data ; machine learning algorithms such as linear regression , svm and neural network have played an increasingly important role in the process of scientific discovery . however , none of them is both interpretable and accurate on nonlinear datasets . here we present contextual regression , a method that joins these two desirable properties together using a hybrid architecture of neural networ ←
→ introduction of the weight edition errors in the levenshtein distance ; in this paper , we present a new approach dedicated to correcting the spelling errors of the arabic language . this approach corrects typographical errors like inserting , deleting , and permutation . our method is inspired from the levenshtein algorithm , and allows a finer and better scheduling than levenshtein . the results obtained are very satisfactory and encouraging , which shows the interest of our new approach .←
→ multi - document abstractive summarization using ilp based multi - sentence compression ; abstractive summarization is an ideal form of summarization since it can synthesize information from multiple documents to create concise informative summaries . in this work , we aim at developing an abstractive summarizer . first , our proposed approach identifies the most important document in the multi - document set . the sentences in the most important document are aligned to sentences in other documents to generate clust ←
→ digital ecosystems : ecosystem - oriented architectures ; we view digital ecosystems to be the digital counterparts of biological ecosystems . here , we are concerned with the creation of these digital ecosystems , exploiting the self - organising properties of biological ecosystems to evolve high - level software applications . therefore , we created the digital ecosystem , a novel optimisation technique inspired by biological ecosystems , where the optimisation works at two levels : a first optimisation , migration of ag ←
→ leveraging lexical resources for learning entity embeddings in multi - relational data ; recent work in learning vector - space embeddings for multi - relational data has focused on combining relational information derived from knowledge bases with distributional information derived from large text corpora . we propose a simple approach that leverages the descriptions of entities or phrases available in lexical resources , in conjunction with distributional semantics , in order to derive a better initialization fo ←
→ towards monetary incentives in social q & a services ; community - based question answering ( cqa ) services are facing key challenges to motivate domain experts to provide timely answers . recently , cqa services are exploring new incentive models to engage experts and celebrities by allowing them to set a price on their answers . in this paper , we perform a data - driven analysis on two emerging payment - based cqa systems : fenda ( china ) and whale ( us ). by analyzing a large dataset of 220k questions ( worth 1 million u ←
→ bridging the gap between modal temporal logics and constraint - based qsr as an alc ( d ) spatio - temporalisation with weakly cyclic tboxes ; the aim of this work is to provide a family of qualitative theories for spatial change in general , and for motion of spatial scenes in particular . to achieve this , we consider a spatio - temporalisation mtalc ( d_x ), of the well - known alc ( d ) family of description logics ( dls ) with a concrete domainan . in particular , the concrete domain d_x is generated by a qualitative spatia ←
→ visual affect around the world : a large - scale multilingual visual sentiment ontology ; every culture and language is unique . our work expressly focuses on the uniqueness of culture and language in relation to human affect , specifically sentiment and emotion semantics , and how they manifest in social multimedia . we develop sets of sentiment - and emotion - polarized visual concepts by adapting semantic structures called adjective - noun pairs , originally introduced by borth et al . ( 2013 ), but in a multilingual ←
→ two - stream convolutional networks for dynamic texture synthesis ; we introduce a two - stream model for dynamic texture synthesis . our model is based on pre - trained convolutional networks ( convnets ) that target two independent tasks : ( i ) object recognition , and ( ii ) optical flow prediction . given an input dynamic texture , statistics of filter responses from the object recognition convnet encapsulate the per - frame appearance of the input texture , while statistics of filter responses from the optical flow convn ←
→ efficient classification of multi - labelled text streams by clashing ; we present a method for the classification of multi - labelled text documents explicitly designed for data stream applications that require to process a virtually infinite sequence of data using constant memory and constant processing time . our method is composed of an online procedure used to efficiently map text into a low - dimensional feature space and a partition of this space into a set of regions for which the system extracts and keeps ←
→ regret bounds and regimes of optimality for user - user and item - item collaborative filtering ; we consider an online model for recommendation systems , with each user being recommended an item at each time - step and providing ' like ' or ' dislike ' feedback . a latent variable model specifies the user preferences : both users and items are clustered into types . all users of a given type have identical preferences for the items , and similarly , items of a given type are either all liked or all disliked by a given u ←
→ understanding grounded language learning agents ; neural network - based systems can now learn to locate the referents of words and phrases in images , answer questions about visual scenes , and even execute symbolic instructions as first - person actors in partially - observable worlds . to achieve this so - called grounded language learning , models must overcome certain well - studied learning challenges that are also fundamental to infants learning their first words . while it is notable that models with no meaningful ←
→ representation learning over dynamic graphs ; how can we effectively encode evolving information over dynamic graphs into low - dimensional representations ? in this paper , we propose dyrep , an inductive deep representation learning framework that learns a set of functions to efficiently produce low - dimensional node embeddings that evolves over time . the learned embeddings drive the dynamics of two key processes namely , communication and association between nodes in dynamic graphs . these processes exhibit comp ←
→ inverted bilingual topic models for lexicon extraction from non - parallel data ; topic models have been successfully applied in lexicon extraction . however , most previous methods are limited to document - aligned data . in this paper , we try to address two challenges of applying topic models to lexicon extraction in non - parallel data : 1 ) hard to model the word relationship and 2 ) noisy seed dictionary . to solve these two challenges , we propose two new bilingual topic models to better capture the semantic info ←
→ brain4cars : car that knows before you do via sensory - fusion deep learning architecture ; advanced driver assistance systems ( adas ) have made driving safer over the last decade . they prepare vehicles for unsafe road conditions and alert drivers if they perform a dangerous maneuver . however , many accidents are unavoidable because by the time drivers are alerted , it is already too late . anticipating maneuvers beforehand can alert drivers before they perform the maneuver and also give adas more time to avoid ←
→ aspect - based opinion extraction from customer reviews ; text is the main method of communicating information in the digital age . messages , blogs , news articles , reviews , and opinionated information abound on the internet . people commonly purchase products online and post their opinions about purchased items . this feedback is displayed publicly to assist others with their purchasing decisions , creating the need for a mechanism with which to extract and summarize useful information for enhancing the decision -←
→ bayesian adaptive data analysis guarantees from subgaussianity ; the new field of adaptive data analysis seeks to provide algorithms and provable guarantees for models of machine learning that allow researchers to reuse their data , which normally falls outside of the usual statistical paradigm of static data analysis . in 2014 , dwork , feldman , hardt , pitassi , reingold and roth introduced one potential model and proposed several solutions based on differential privacy . in previous work in 2016 , we described a ←
→ parallel sgd : when does averaging help ? ; consider a number of workers running sgd independently on the same pool of data and averaging the models every once in a while -- a common but not well understood practice . we study model averaging as a variance - reducing mechanism and describe two ways in which the frequency of averaging affects convergence . for convex objectives , we show the benefit of frequent averaging depends on the gradient variance envelope . for non - convex objectives , we illustrate that this b ←
→ abstract answer set solvers with learning ; nieuwenhuis , oliveras , and tinelli ( 2006 ) showed how to describe enhancements of the davis - putnam - logemann - loveland algorithm using transition systems , instead of pseudocode . we design a similar framework for several algorithms that generate answer sets for logic programs : smodels , smodels - cc , asp - sat with learning ( cmodels ), and a newly designed and implemented algorithm sup . this approach to describing answer set solvers makes it easier to prove their correctnes ←
→ cortical microcircuits as gated - recurrent neural networks ; cortical circuits exhibit intricate recurrent architectures that are remarkably similar across different brain areas . such stereotyped structure suggests the existence of common computational principles . however , such principles have remained largely elusive . inspired by gated - memory networks , namely long short - term memory networks ( lstms ), we introduce a recurrent neural network in which information is gated through inhibitory cells that are subtr ←
→ rethinking skip - thought : a neighborhood based approach ; we study the skip - thought model with neighborhood information as weak supervision . more specifically , we propose a skip - thought neighbor model to consider the adjacent sentences as a neighborhood . we train our skip - thought neighbor model on a large corpus with continuous sentences , and then evaluate the trained model on 7 tasks , which include semantic relatedness , paraphrase detection , and classification benchmarks . both quantitative comparison and qu ←
→ active learning algorithms for graphical model selection ; the problem of learning the structure of a high dimensional graphical model from data has received considerable attention in recent years . in many applications such as sensor networks and proteomics it is often expensive to obtain samples from all the variables involved simultaneously . for instance , this might involve the synchronization of a large number of sensors or the tagging of a large number of proteins . to address this important issue , we in ←
→ guaranteed parameter estimation for discrete energy minimization ; structural learning , a method to estimate the parameters for discrete energy minimization , has been proven to be effective in solving computer vision problems , especially in 3d scene parsing . as the complexity of the models increases , structural learning algorithms turn to approximate inference to retain tractability . unfortunately , such methods often fail because the approximation can be arbitrarily poor . in this work , we propose a method t ←
→ methods for finding leader -- follower equilibria with multiple followers ; the concept of leader -- follower ( or stackelberg ) equilibrium plays a central role in a number of real -- world applications of game theory . while the case with a single follower has been thoroughly investigated , results with multiple followers are only sporadic and the problem of designing and evaluating computationally tractable equilibrium - finding algorithms is still largely open . in this work , we focus on the fundamental case where m ←
→ occam ' s gates ; we present a complimentary objective for training recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) with gating units that helps with regularization and interpretability of the trained model . attention - based rnn models have shown success in many difficult sequence to sequence classification problems with long and short term dependencies , however these models are prone to overfitting . in this paper , we describe how to regularize these models through an l1 penalty on the activation of the gating units , and show ←
→ unsupervised temporal segmentation of repetitive human actions based on kinematic modeling and frequency analysis ; in this paper , we propose a method for temporal segmentation of human repetitive actions based on frequency analysis of kinematic parameters , zero - velocity crossing detection , and adaptive k - means clustering . since the human motion data may be captured with different modalities which have different temporal sampling rate and accuracy ( e . g ., optical motion capture systems vs . microsoft kinect ←
→ a survey on dialogue systems : recent advances and new frontiers ; dialogue systems have attracted more and more attention . recent advances on dialogue systems are overwhelmingly contributed by deep learning techniques , which have been employed to enhance a wide range of big data applications such as computer vision , natural language processing , and recommender systems . for dialogue systems , deep learning can leverage a massive amount of data to learn meaningful feature representations and response generatio ←
→ on connecting stochastic gradient mcmc and differential privacy ; significant success has been realized recently on applying machine learning to real - world applications . there have also been corresponding concerns on the privacy of training data , which relates to data security and confidentiality issues . differential privacy provides a principled and rigorous privacy guarantee on machine learning models . while it is common to design a model satisfying a required differential - privacy property by injecting no ←
→ perceptual uniform descriptor and ranking on manifold : a bridge between image representation and ranking for image retrieval ; incompatibility of image descriptor and ranking is always neglected in image retrieval . in this paper , manifold learning and gestalt psychology theory are involved to solve the incompatibility problem . a new holistic descriptor called perceptual uniform descriptor ( pud ) based on gestalt psychology is proposed , which combines color and gradient direction to imitate the human visual ←
→ naive : a method for representing uncertainty and temporal relationships in an automated reasoner ; this paper describes naive , a low - level knowledge representation language and inferencing process . naive has been designed for reasoning about nondeterministic dynamic systems like those found in medicine . knowledge is represented in a graph structure consisting of nodes , which correspond to the variables describing the system of interest , and arcs , which correspond to the procedures used to infer the value ←
→ first - order decomposition trees ; lifting attempts to speed up probabilistic inference by exploiting symmetries in the model . exact lifted inference methods , like their propositional counterparts , work by recursively decomposing the model and the problem . in the propositional case , there exist formal structures , such as decomposition trees ( dtrees ), that represent such a decomposition and allow us to determine the complexity of inference a priori . however , there is currently no equivalent structure nor anal ←
→ may we have your attention : analysis of a selective attention task ; in this paper we present a deeper analysis than has previously been carried out of a selective attention problem , and the evolution of continuous - time recurrent neural networks to solve it . we show that the task has a rich structure , and agents must solve a variety of subproblems to perform well . we consider the relationship between the complexity of an agent and the ease with which it can evolve behavior that generalizes well across subpr ←
→ how consistent is my model with the data ? information - theoretic model check ; the choice of model class is fundamental in statistical learning and system identification , no matter whether the class is derived from physical principles or is a generic black - box . we develop a method to evaluate the specified model class by assessing its capability of reproducing data that is similar to the observed data record . this model check is based on the information - theoretic properties of models viewed as data generat ←
→ deep convolutional neural network for inverse problems in imaging ; in this paper , we propose a novel deep convolutional neural network ( cnn )- based algorithm for solving ill - posed inverse problems . regularized iterative algorithms have emerged as the standard approach to ill - posed inverse problems in the past few decades . these methods produce excellent results , but can be challenging to deploy in practice due to factors including the high computational cost of the forward and adjoint operators and the diff ←
→ learning neighborhoods for metric learning ; metric learning methods have been shown to perform well on different learning tasks . many of them rely on target neighborhood relationships that are computed in the original feature space and remain fixed throughout learning . as a result , the learned metric reflects the original neighborhood relations . we propose a novel formulation of the metric learning problem in which , in addition to the metric , the target neighborhood relations are also learned in a two - step ←
→ handwritten character recognition using some ( anti )- diagonal structural features ; in this paper , we present a methodology for off - line handwritten character recognition . the proposed methodology relies on a new feature extraction technique based on structural characteristics , histograms and profiles . as novelty , we propose the extraction of new eight histograms and four profiles from the $ 32 \ times 32 $ matrices that represent the characters , creating 256 - dimension feature vectors . these feature vectors ar ←
→ revisable justified belief : preliminary report ; the theory $\ mathsf { cdl }$ of conditional doxastic logic is the single - agent version of board ' s multi - agent theory $\ mathsf { brsic }$ of conditional belief . $\ mathsf { cdl }$ may be viewed as a version of agm belief revision theory in which boolean combinations of revisions are expressible in the language . we introduce a theory $\ mathsf { jcdl }$ of justified conditional doxastic logic that replaces conditional belief formulas $ b ^\ psi \ varphi $ by expressions $ t {\,:^{\ p ←
→ the good old davis - putnam procedure helps counting models ; as was shown recently , many important ai problems require counting the number of models of propositional formulas . the problem of counting models of such formulas is , according to present knowledge , computationally intractable in a worst case . based on the davis - putnam procedure , we present an algorithm , cdp , that computes the exact number of models of a propositional cnf or dnf formula f . let m and n be the number of clauses and variables of f , re ←
→ a deep neural network for chinese zero pronoun resolution ; existing approaches for chinese zero pronoun resolution overlook semantic information . this is because zero pronouns have no descriptive information , which results in difficulty in explicitly capturing their semantic similarities with antecedents . moreover , when dealing with candidate antecedents , traditional systems simply take advantage of the local information of a single candidate antecedent while failing to consider the underlying information ←
→ an analysis of nk and generalized nk landscapes ; simulated landscapes have been used for decades to evaluate search strategies whose goal is to find the landscape location with maximum fitness . applications include modeling the capacity of enzymes to catalyze reactions and the clinical effectiveness of medical treatments . understanding properties of landscapes is important for understanding search difficulty . this paper presents a novel and transparent characterization of nk landscapes . we prove that nk ←
→ a thorough formalization of conceptual spaces ; the highly influential framework of conceptual spaces provides a geometric way of representing knowledge . instances are represented by points in a high - dimensional space and concepts are represented by convex regions in this space . after pointing out a problem with the convexity requirement , we propose a formalization of conceptual spaces based on fuzzy star - shaped sets . our formalization uses a parametric definition of concepts and extends the original framew ←
→ disc : deep image saliency computing via progressive representation learning ; salient object detection increasingly receives attention as an important component or step in several pattern recognition and image processing tasks . although a variety of powerful saliency models have been intensively proposed , they usually involve heavy feature ( or model ) engineering based on priors ( or assumptions ) about the properties of objects and backgrounds . inspired by the effectiveness of recently developed feature lea ←
→ generating high - quality query suggestion candidates for task - based search ; we address the task of generating query suggestions for task - based search . the current state of the art relies heavily on suggestions provided by a major search engine . in this paper , we solve the task without reliance on search engines . specifically , we focus on the first step of a two - stage pipeline approach , which is dedicated to the generation of query suggestion candidates . we present three methods for generating candidate su ←
→ an automatic machine translation evaluation metric based on dependency parsing model ; most of the syntax - based metrics obtain the similarity by comparing the sub - structures extracted from the trees of hypothesis and reference . these sub - structures are defined by human and can ' t express all the information in the trees because of the limited length of sub - structures . in addition , the overlapped parts between these sub - structures are computed repeatedly . to avoid these problems , we propose a novel automati ←
→ comparing dataset characteristics that favor the apriori , eclat or fp - growth frequent itemset mining algorithms ; frequent itemset mining is a popular data mining technique . apriori , eclat , and fp - growth are among the most common algorithms for frequent itemset mining . considerable research has been performed to compare the relative performance between these three algorithms , by evaluating the scalability of each algorithm as the dataset size increases . while scalability as data size increases is importan ←
→ inferring graphs from cascades : a sparse recovery framework ; in the network inference problem , one seeks to recover the edges of an unknown graph from the observations of cascades propagating over this graph . in this paper , we approach this problem from the sparse recovery perspective . we introduce a general model of cascades , including the voter model and the independent cascade model , for which we provide the first algorithm which recovers the graph ' s edges with high probability and $ o ( s \ log m )$ measurem ←
→ representing and solving asymmetric bayesian decision problems ; this paper deals with the representation and solution of asymmetric bayesian decision problems . we present a formal framework , termed asymmetric influence diagrams , that is based on the influence diagram and allows an efficient representation of asymmetric decision problems . as opposed to existing frameworks , the asymmetric influece diagram primarily encodes asymmetry at the qualitative level and it can therefore be read directly from the mode ←
→ the tensor memory hypothesis ; we discuss memory models which are based on tensor decompositions using latent representations of entities and events . we show how episodic memory and semantic memory can be realized and discuss how new memory traces can be generated from sensory input : existing memories are the basis for perception and new memories are generated via perception . we relate our mathematical approach to the hippocampal memory indexing theory . we describe the first detailed mathematical models for ←
→ darkrank : accelerating deep metric learning via cross sample similarities transfer ; we have witnessed rapid evolution of deep neural network architecture design in the past years . these latest progresses greatly facilitate the developments in various areas such as computer vision and natural language processing . however , along with the extraordinary performance , these state - of - the - art models also bring in expensive computational cost . directly deploying these models into applications with real - time requi ←
→ geodesic distance histogram feature for video segmentation ; this paper proposes a geodesic - distance - based feature that encodes global information for improved video segmentation algorithms . the feature is a joint histogram of intensity and geodesic distances , where the geodesic distances are computed as the shortest paths between superpixels via their boundaries . we also incorporate adaptive voting weights and spatial pyramid configurations to include spatial information into the geodesic histogram feature ←
→ leipzig corpus miner - a text mining infrastructure for qualitative data analysis ; this paper presents the " leipzig corpus miner ", a technical infrastructure for supporting qualitative and quantitative content analysis . the infrastructure aims at the integration of ' close reading ' procedures on individual documents with procedures of ' distant reading ', e . g . lexical characteristics of large document collections . therefore information retrieval systems , lexicometric statistics and machine learning procedur ←
→ the anatomy of a search and mining system for digital archives ; samtla ( search and mining tools with linguistic analysis ) is a digital humanities system designed in collaboration with historians and linguists to assist them with their research work in quantifying the content of any textual corpora through approximate phrase search and document comparison . the retrieval engine uses a character - based n - gram language model rather than the conventional word - based one so as to achieve great flexibility in langu ←
→ query strategy for sequential ontology debugging ; debugging of ontologies is an important prerequisite for their wide - spread application , especially in areas that rely upon everyday users to create and maintain knowledge bases , as in the case of the semantic web . recent approaches use diagnosis methods to identify causes of inconsistent or incoherent ontologies . however , in most debugging scenarios these methods return many alternative diagnoses , thus placing the burden of fault localization on the user . t ←
→ excess entropy in natural language : present state and perspectives ; we review recent progress in understanding the meaning of mutual information in natural language . let us define words in a text as strings that occur sufficiently often . in a few previous papers , we have shown that a power - law distribution for so defined words ( a . k . a . herdan ' s law ) is obeyed if there is a similar power - law growth of ( algorithmic ) mutual information between adjacent portions of texts of increasing length . moreover , the powe ←
→ computational cost reduction in learned transform classifications ; we present a theoretical analysis and empirical evaluations of a novel set of techniques for computational cost reduction of classifiers that are based on learned transform and soft - threshold . by modifying optimization procedures for dictionary and classifier training , as well as the resulting dictionary entries , our techniques allow to reduce the bit precision and to replace each floating - point multiplication by a single integer bit shift .←
→ solving minimum vertex cover problem using learning automata ; minimum vertex cover problem is an np - hard problem with the aim of finding minimum number of vertices to cover graph . in this paper , a learning automaton based algorithm is proposed to find minimum vertex cover in graph . in the proposed algorithm , each vertex of graph is equipped with a learning automaton that has two actions in the candidate or non - candidate of the corresponding vertex cover set . due to characteristics of learning automata , thi ←
→ boolean kernels for collaborative filtering in top - n item recommendation ; in many personalized recommendation problems available data consists only of positive interactions ( implicit feedback ) between users and items . this problem is also known as one - class collaborative filtering ( oc - cf ). linear models usually achieve state - of - the - art performances on oc - cf problems and many efforts have been devoted to build more expressive and complex representations able to improve the recommendations . recent analysis s ←
→ a corpus of sentence - level revisions in academic writing : a step towards understanding statement strength in communication ; the strength with which a statement is made can have a significant impact on the audience . for example , international relations can be strained by how the media in one country describes an event in another ; and papers can be rejected because they overstate or understate their findings . it is thus important to understand the effects of statement strength . a first step is to be able t ←
→ accelerated parallel optimization methods for large scale machine learning ; the growing amount of high dimensional data in different machine learning applications requires more efficient and scalable optimization algorithms . in this work , we consider combining two techniques , parallelism and nesterov ' s acceleration , to design faster algorithms for l1 - regularized loss . we first simplify boom , a variant of gradient descent , and study it in a unified framework , which allows us to not only propose a refined ←
→ neural probabilistic model for non - projective mst parsing ; in this paper , we propose a probabilistic parsing model , which defines a proper conditional probability distribution over non - projective dependency trees for a given sentence , using neural representations as inputs . the neural network architecture is based on bi - directional lstm - cnns which benefits from both word - and character - level representations automatically , by using combination of bidirectional lstm and cnn . on top of the neural network , we ←
→ deconvolutional paragraph representation learning ; learning latent representations from long text sequences is an important first step in many natural language processing applications . recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have become a cornerstone for this challenging task . however , the quality of sentences during rnn - based decoding ( reconstruction ) decreases with the length of the text . we propose a sequence - to - sequence , purely convolutional and deconvolutional autoencoding framework that is free of the above ←
→ supervised learning and anti - learning of colorectal cancer classes and survival rates from cellular biology parameters ; in this paper , we describe a dataset relating to cellular and physical conditions of patients who are operated upon to remove colorectal tumours . this data provides a unique insight into immunological status at the point of tumour removal , tumour classification and post - operative survival . attempts are made to learn relationships between attributes ( physical and immunological ) and the r ←
→ symbolic representation and classification of logos ; in this paper , a model for classification of logos based on symbolic representation of features is presented . the proposed model makes use of global features of logo images such as color , texture , and shape features for classification . the logo images are broadly classified into three different classes , viz ., logo image containing only text , an image with only symbol , and an image with both text and a symbol . in each class , the similar looking logo image ←
→ vector embedding of wikipedia concepts and entities ; using deep learning for different machine learning tasks such as image classification and word embedding has recently gained many attentions . its appealing performance reported across specific natural language processing ( nlp ) tasks in comparison with other approaches is the reason for its popularity . word embedding is the task of mapping words or phrases to a low dimensional numerical vector . in this paper , we use deep learning to embed wikipedia concep ←
→ sequential dual deep learning with shape and texture features for sketch recognition ; recognizing freehand sketches with high arbitrariness is greatly challenging . most existing methods either ignore the geometric characteristics or treat sketches as handwritten characters with fixed structural ordering . consequently , they can hardly yield high recognition performance even though sophisticated learning techniques are employed . in this paper , we propose a sequential deep learning strategy that combines bo ←
→ doctor ai : predicting clinical events via recurrent neural networks ; leveraging large historical data in electronic health record ( ehr ), we developed doctor ai , a generic predictive model that covers observed medical conditions and medication uses . doctor ai is a temporal model using recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) and was developed and applied to longitudinal time stamped ehr data from 260k patients over 8 years . encounter records ( e . g . diagnosis codes , medication codes or procedure codes ) were input to r ←
→ type - driven incremental semantic parsing with polymorphism ; semantic parsing has made significant progress , but most current semantic parsers are extremely slow ( cky - based ) and rather primitive in representation . we introduce three new techniques to tackle these problems . first , we design the first linear - time incremental shift - reduce - style semantic parsing algorithm which is more efficient than conventional cubic - time bottom - up semantic parsers . second , our parser , being type - driven instead of syntax - driv ←
→ deep self - taught learning for weakly supervised object localization ; most existing weakly supervised localization ( wsl ) approaches learn detectors by finding positive bounding boxes based on features learned with image - level supervision . however , those features do not contain spatial location related information and usually provide poor - quality positive samples for training a detector . to overcome this issue , we propose a deep self - taught learning approach , which makes the detector learn the object - level f ←
→ post - hoc labeling of arbitrary eeg recordings for data - efficient evaluation of neural decoding methods ; many cognitive , sensory and motor processes have correlates in oscillatory neural sources , which are embedded as a subspace into the recorded brain signals . decoding such processes from noisy magnetoencephalogram / electroencephalogram ( m / eeg ) signals usually requires the use of data - driven analysis methods . the objective evaluation of such decoding algorithms on experimental raw signals , however , is a c ←
→ cut , paste and learn : surprisingly easy synthesis for instance detection ; a major impediment in rapidly deploying object detection models for instance detection is the lack of large annotated datasets . for example , finding a large labeled dataset containing instances in a particular kitchen is unlikely . each new environment with new instances requires expensive data collection and annotation . in this paper , we propose a simple approach to generate large annotated instance datasets with minimal effort . our ←
→ enhanced word representations for bridging anaphora resolution ; most current models of word representations ( e . g ., glove ) have successfully captured fine - grained semantics . however , semantic similarity exhibited in these word embeddings is not suitable for resolving bridging anaphora , which requires the knowledge of associative similarity ( i . e ., relatedness ) instead of semantic similarity information between synonyms or hypernyms . we create word embeddings ( embeddings_pp ) to capture such relatedness by explo ←
→ paraphrase - supervised models of compositionality ; compositional vector space models of meaning promise new solutions to stubborn language understanding problems . this paper makes two contributions toward this end : ( i ) it uses automatically - extracted paraphrase examples as a source of supervision for training compositional models , replacing previous work which relied on manual annotations used for the same purpose , and ( ii ) develops a context - aware model for scoring phrasal compositionality . experimental re ←
→ formalized conceptual spaces with a geometric representation of correlations ; the highly influential framework of conceptual spaces provides a geometric way of representing knowledge . instances are represented by points in a similarity space and concepts are represented by convex regions in this space . after pointing out a problem with the convexity requirement , we propose a formalization of conceptual spaces based on fuzzy star - shaped sets . our formalization uses a parametric definition of concepts and ←
→ learning topic models and latent bayesian networks under expansion constraints ; unsupervised estimation of latent variable models is a fundamental problem central to numerous applications of machine learning and statistics . this work presents a principled approach for estimating broad classes of such models , including probabilistic topic models and latent linear bayesian networks , using only second - order observed moments . the sufficient conditions for identifiability of these models are primarily based o ←
→ near - optimal active learning of halfspaces via query synthesis in the noisy setting ; in this paper , we consider the problem of actively learning a linear classifier through query synthesis where the learner can construct artificial queries in order to estimate the true decision boundaries . this problem has recently gained a lot of interest in automated science and adversarial reverse engineering for which only heuristic algorithms are known . in such applications , queries can be constructed de novo to eli ←
→ stochastic gradient based extreme learning machines for online learning of advanced combustion engines ; in this article , a stochastic gradient based online learning algorithm for extreme learning machines ( elm ) is developed ( sg - elm ). a stability criterion based on lyapunov approach is used to prove both asymptotic stability of estimation error and stability in the estimated parameters suitable for identification of nonlinear dynamic systems . the developed algorithm not only guarantees stability , but also ←
→ realistic risk - mitigating recommendations via inverse classification ; inverse classification , the process of making meaningful perturbations to a test point such that it is more likely to have a desired classification , has previously been addressed using data from a single static point in time . such an approach yields inflated probability estimates , stemming from an implicitly made assumption that recommendations are implemented instantaneously . we propose using longitudinal data to alleviate such issues i ←
→ enriched deep recurrent visual attention model for multiple object recognition ; we design an enriched deep recurrent visual attention model ( edram ) - an improved attention - based architecture for multiple object recognition . the proposed model is a fully differentiable unit that can be optimized end - to - end by using stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ). the spatial transformer ( st ) was employed as visual attention mechanism which allows to learn the geometric transformation of objects within images . with the ←
→ hybrid fuzzy - linear programming approach for multi criteria decision making problems ; the purpose of this paper is to point to the usefulness of applying a linear mathematical formulation of fuzzy multiple criteria objective decision methods in organising business activities . in this respect fuzzy parameters of linear programming are modelled by preference - based membership functions . this paper begins with an introduction and some related research followed by some fundamentals of fuzzy set theory and tec ←
→ learning category - specific mesh reconstruction from image collections ; we present a learning framework for recovering the 3d shape , camera , and texture of an object from a single image . the shape is represented as a deformable 3d mesh model of an object category where a shape is parameterized by a learned mean shape and per - instance predicted deformation . our approach allows leveraging an annotated image collection for training , where the deformable model and the 3d prediction mechanism are learned without ←
→ semi - blind sparse image reconstruction with application to mrfm ; we propose a solution to the image deconvolution problem where the convolution kernel or point spread function ( psf ) is assumed to be only partially known . small perturbations generated from the model are exploited to produce a few principal components explaining the psf uncertainty in a high dimensional space . unlike recent developments on blind deconvolution of natural images , we assume the image is sparse in the pixel basis , a natural spar ←
→ smartphone based colorimetric detection via machine learning ; we report the application of machine learning to smartphone based colorimetric detection of ph values . the strip images were used as the training set for least squares - support vector machine ( ls - svm ) classifier algorithms that were able to successfully classify the distinct ph values . the difference in the obtained image formats was found not to significantly affect the performance of the proposed machine learning approach . moreover , the influen ←
→ shufflenet : an extremely efficient convolutional neural network for mobile devices ; we introduce an extremely computation - efficient cnn architecture named shufflenet , which is designed specially for mobile devices with very limited computing power ( e . g ., 10 - 150 mflops ). the new architecture utilizes two new operations , pointwise group convolution and channel shuffle , to greatly reduce computation cost while maintaining accuracy . experiments on imagenet classification and ms coco object detection demonstr ←
→ deep reinforcement learning discovers internal models ; deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) is a trending field of research , showing great promise in challenging problems such as playing atari , solving go and controlling robots . while drl agents perform well in practice we are still lacking the tools to analayze their performance . in this work we present the semi - aggregated mdp ( samdp ) model . a model best suited to describe policies exhibiting both spatial and temporal hierarchies . we describe its advantages ←
→ stabilized sparse online learning for sparse data ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is commonly used for optimization in large - scale machine learning problems . langford et al . ( 2009 ) introduce a sparse online learning method to induce sparsity via truncated gradient . with high - dimensional sparse data , however , the method suffers from slow convergence and high variance due to the heterogeneity in feature sparsity . to mitigate this issue , we introduce a stabilized truncated stochastic gradient descent algor ←
→ a cluster fusion penalty for grouping response variables in multivariate regression models ; we propose a method for estimating coefficients in multivariate regression when there is a clustering structure to the response variables . the proposed method includes a fusion penalty , to shrink the difference in fitted values from responses in the same cluster , and an l1 penalty for simultaneous variable selection and estimation . the method can be used when the grouping structure of the response variables is kno ←
→ s $^ 3 $ fd : single shot scale - invariant face detector ; this paper presents a real - time face detector , named single shot scale - invariant face detector ( s $^ 3 $ fd ), which performs superiorly on various scales of faces with a single deep neural network , especially for small faces . specifically , we try to solve the common problem that anchor - based detectors deteriorate dramatically as the objects become smaller . we make contributions in the following three aspects : 1 ) proposing a scale - equitable face detection fram ←
→ 2d visual place recognition for domestic service robots at night ; domestic service robots such as lawn mowing and vacuum cleaning robots are the most numerous consumer robots in existence today . while early versions employed random exploration , recent systems fielded by most of the major manufacturers have utilized range - based and visual sensors and user - placed beacons to enable robots to map and localize . however , active range and visual sensing solutions have the disadvantages of being intrusive , expensi ←
→ fuzzy clustering data given in the ordinal scale ; a fuzzy clustering algorithm for multidimensional data is proposed in this article . the data is described by vectors whose components are linguistic variables defined in an ordinal scale . the obtained results confirm the efficiency of the proposed approach .←
→ lstm neural reordering feature for statistical machine translation ; artificial neural networks are powerful models , which have been widely applied into many aspects of machine translation , such as language modeling and translation modeling . though notable improvements have been made in these areas , the reordering problem still remains a challenge in statistical machine translations . in this paper , we present a novel neural reordering model that directly models word pairs and alignment . by utilizing lstm re ←
→ faster principal component regression and stable matrix chebyshev approximation ; we solve principal component regression ( pcr ), up to a multiplicative accuracy $ 1 +\ gamma $, by reducing the problem to $\ tilde { o }(\ gamma ^{- 1 })$ black - box calls of ridge regression . therefore , our algorithm does not require any explicit construction of the top principal components , and is suitable for large - scale pcr instances . in contrast , previous result requires $\ tilde { o }(\ gamma ^{- 2 })$ such black - box calls . we obtain thi ←
→ character - word lstm language models ; we present a character - word long short - term memory language model which both reduces the perplexity with respect to a baseline word - level language model and reduces the number of parameters of the model . character information can reveal structural ( dis ) similarities between words and can even be used when a word is out - of - vocabulary , thus improving the modeling of infrequent and unknown words . by concatenating word and character embeddings , we achieve up to 2 . 77 % relativ ←
→ parallel stroked multi line : a model - based method for compressing large fingerprint databases ; with increasing usage of fingerprints as an important biometric data , the need to compress the large fingerprint databases has become essential . the most recommended compression algorithm , even by standards , is jpeg2k . but at high compression rates , this algorithm is ineffective . in this paper , a model is proposed which is based on parallel lines with same orientations , arbitrary widths and same gray level valu ←
→ investigation on the use of hidden - markov models in automatic transcription of music ; hidden markov models ( hmms ) are a ubiquitous tool to model time series data , and have been widely used in two main tasks of automatic music transcription ( amt ): note segmentation , i . e . identifying the played notes after a multi - pitch estimation , and sequential post - processing , i . e . correcting note segmentation using training data . in this paper , we employ the multi - pitch estimation method called probabilistic latent com ←
→ scalable and robust sparse subspace clustering using randomized clustering and multilayer graphs ; sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ) is one of the current state - of - the - art methods for partitioning data points into the union of subspaces , with strong theoretical guarantees . however , it is not practical for large data sets as it requires solving a lasso problem for each data point , where the number of variables in each lasso problem is the number of data points . to improve the scalability of ssc , we propose ←
→ toward implicit sample noise modeling : deviation - driven matrix factorization ; the objective function of a matrix factorization model usually aims to minimize the average of a regression error contributed by each element . however , given the existence of stochastic noises , the implicit deviations of sample data from their true values are almost surely diverse , which makes each data point not equally suitable for fitting a model . in this case , simply averaging the cost among data in the objective function i ←
→ using asp with recent extensions for causal explanations ; we examine the practicality for a user of using answer set programming ( asp ) for representing logical formalisms . we choose as an example a formalism aiming at capturing causal explanations from causal information . we provide an implementation , showing the naturalness and relative efficiency of this translation job . we are interested in the ease for writing an asp program , in accordance with the claimed `` declarative '' aspect of asp . limitations of ←
→ design of an optical character recognition system for camera - based handheld devices ; this paper presents a complete optical character recognition ( ocr ) system for camera captured image / graphics embedded textual documents for handheld devices . at first , text regions are extracted and skew corrected . then , these regions are binarized and segmented into lines and characters . characters are passed into the recognition module . experimenting with a set of 100 business card images , captured by cell phone camera ←
→ a case study on using speech - to - translation alignments for language documentation ; for many low - resource or endangered languages , spoken language resources are more likely to be annotated with translations than with transcriptions . recent work exploits such annotations to produce speech - to - translation alignments , without access to any text transcriptions . we investigate whether providing such information can aid in producing better ( mismatched ) crowdsourced transcriptions , which in turn could be valuable ←
→ balancing sparsity and rank constraints in quadratic basis pursuit ; we investigate the methods that simultaneously enforce sparsity and low - rank structure in a matrix as often employed for sparse phase retrieval problems or phase calibration problems in compressive sensing . we propose a new approach for analyzing the trade off between the sparsity and low rank constraints in these approaches which not only helps to provide guidelines to adjust the weights between the aforementioned constraints , but also en ←
→ control variates for stochastic gradient mcmc ; it is well known that markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) methods scale poorly with dataset size . a popular class of methods for solving this issue is stochastic gradient mcmc . these methods use a noisy estimate of the gradient of the log posterior , which reduces the per iteration computational cost of the algorithm . despite this , there are a number of results suggesting that stochastic gradient langevin dynamics ( sgld ), probably the most popular of these methods ,←
→ efficient online inference for infinite evolutionary cluster models with applications to latent social event discovery ; the recurrent chinese restaurant process ( rcrp ) is a powerful statistical method for modeling evolving clusters in large scale social media data . with the rcrp , one can allow both the number of clusters and the cluster parameters in a model to change over time . however , application of the rcrp has largely been limited due to the non - conjugacy between the cluster evolutionary priors and ←
→ expanding subjective lexicons for social media mining with embedding subspaces ; recent approaches for sentiment lexicon induction have capitalized on pre - trained word embeddings that capture latent semantic properties . however , embeddings obtained by optimizing performance of a given task ( e . g . predicting contextual words ) are sub - optimal for other applications . in this paper , we address this problem by exploiting task - specific representations , induced via embedding sub - space projection . this allows us t ←
→` who would have thought of that !': a hierarchical topic model for extraction of sarcasm - prevalent topics and sarcasm detection ; topic models have been reported to be beneficial for aspect - based sentiment analysis . this paper reports a simple topic model for sarcasm detection , a first , to the best of our knowledge . designed on the basis of the intuition that sarcastic tweets are likely to have a mixture of words of both sentiments as against tweets with literal sentiment ( either positive or negative ), our ←
→ the narrativeqa reading comprehension challenge ; reading comprehension ( rc )--- in contrast to information retrieval --- requires integrating information and reasoning about events , entities , and their relations across a full document . question answering is conventionally used to assess rc ability , in both artificial agents and children learning to read . however , existing rc datasets and tasks are dominated by questions that can be solved by selecting answers using superficial information ( e . g ., local context ←
→ convex multiview fisher discriminant analysis ; section 1 . 3 was incorrect , and 2 . 1 will be removed from further submissions . a rewritten version will be posted in the future .←
→ vegac : visual saliency - based age , gender , and facial expression classification using convolutional neural networks ; this paper explores the use of visual saliency to classify age , gender and facial expression for facial images . for multi - task classification , we propose our method vegac , which is based on visual saliency . using the deep multi - level network [ 1 ] and off - the - shelf face detector [ 2 ], our proposed method first detects the face in the test image and extracts the cnn predictions on the cropped f ←
→ small drone field experiment : data collection & processing ; following an initiative formalized in april 2016 formally known as arl west between the u . s . army research laboratory ( arl ) and university of southern california ' s institute for creative technologies ( usc ict ), a field experiment was coordinated and executed in the summer of 2016 by arl , usc ict , and headwall photonics . the purpose was to image part of the usc main campus in los angeles , usa , using two portable cots ( commercial off the shelf ) aeri ←
→ multiplicative updates for non - negative kernel svm ; we present multiplicative updates for solving hard and soft margin support vector machines ( svm ) with non - negative kernels . they follow as a natural extension of the updates for non - negative matrix factorization . no additional param - eter setting , such as choosing learning , rate is required . ex - periments demonstrate rapid convergence to good classifiers . we analyze the rates of asymptotic convergence of the up - dates and establish tight bounds . we test t ←
→ micro - interventions in urban transport from pattern discovery on the flow of passengers and on the bus network ; in this paper , we describe a case study in a big metropolis , in which from data collected by digital sensors , we tried to understand mobility patterns of persons using buses and how this can generate knowledge to suggest interventions that are applied incrementally into the transportation network in use . we have first estimated an origin - destination matrix of buses users from datasets about the ←
→ representation learning for visual - relational knowledge graphs ; a visual - relational knowledge graph ( kg ) is a multi - relational graph whose entities are associated with images . we introduce imagegraph , a kg with 1 , 330 relation types , 14 , 870 entities , and 829 , 931 images . visual - relational kgs lead to novel probabilistic query types where images are treated as first - class citizens . both the prediction of relations between unseen images and multi - relational image retrieval can be formulated as query types in a ←
→ evaluating indirect strategies for chinese - spanish statistical machine translation ; although , chinese and spanish are two of the most spoken languages in the world , not much research has been done in machine translation for this language pair . this paper focuses on investigating the state - of - the - art of chinese - to - spanish statistical machine translation ( smt ), which nowadays is one of the most popular approaches to machine translation . for this purpose , we report details of the available parallel corpus w ←
→ bbq - networks : efficient exploration in deep reinforcement learning for task - oriented dialogue systems ; we present a new algorithm that significantly improves the efficiency of exploration for deep q - learning agents in dialogue systems . our agents explore via thompson sampling , drawing monte carlo samples from a bayes - by - backprop neural network . our algorithm learns much faster than common exploration strategies such as $\ epsilon $- greedy , boltzmann , bootstrapping , and intrinsic - reward - based ones . addition ←
→ large margin image set representation and classification ; in this paper , we propose a novel image set representation and classification method by maximizing the margin of image sets . the margin of an image set is defined as the difference of the distance to its nearest image set from different classes and the distance to its nearest image set of the same class . by modeling the image sets by using both their image samples and their affine hull models , and maximizing the margins of the images sets , the image ←
→ epistemic graphs for representing and reasoning with positive and negative influences of arguments ; this paper introduces epistemic graphs as a generalization of the epistemic approach to probabilistic argumentation . in these graphs , an argument can be believed or disbelieved up to a given degree , thus providing a more fine -- grained alternative to the standard dung ' s approaches when it comes to determining the status of a given argument . furthermore , the flexibility of the epistemic approach allows us to ←
→ tempering by subsampling ; in this paper we demonstrate that tempering markov chain monte carlo samplers for bayesian models by recursively subsampling observations without replacement can improve the performance of baseline samplers in terms of effective sample size per computation . we present two tempering by subsampling algorithms , subsampled parallel tempering and subsampled tempered transitions . we provide an asymptotic analysis of the computational cost of tempering by subsampling , verify that temperi ←
→ optimizing non - decomposable performance measures : a tale of two classes ; modern classification problems frequently present mild to severe label imbalance as well as specific requirements on classification characteristics , and require optimizing performance measures that are non - decomposable over the dataset , such as f - measure . such measures have spurred much interest and pose specific challenges to learning algorithms since their non - additive nature precludes a direct application of well - studied large scal ←
→ joint probabilistic linear discriminant analysis ; standard probabilistic linear discriminant analysis ( plda ) for speaker recognition assumes that the sample ' s features ( usually , i - vectors ) are given by a sum of three terms : a term that depends on the speaker identity , a term that models the within - speaker variability and is assumed independent across samples , and a final term that models any remaining variability and is also independent across samples . in this work , we propose a generalization of this mode ←
→ harnessing deep neural networks with logic rules ; combining deep neural networks with structured logic rules is desirable to harness flexibility and reduce uninterpretability of the neural models . we propose a general framework capable of enhancing various types of neural networks ( e . g ., cnns and rnns ) with declarative first - order logic rules . specifically , we develop an iterative distillation method that transfers the structured information of logic rules into the weights of neural networks . we deploy the ←
→ registration of images with outliers using joint saliency map ; mutual information ( mi ) is a popular similarity measure for image registration , whereby good registration can be achieved by maximizing the compactness of the clusters in the joint histogram . however , mi is sensitive to the " outlier " objects that appear in one image but not the other , and also suffers from local and biased maxima . we propose a novel joint saliency map ( jsm ) to highlight the corresponding salient structures in the two images , an ←
→ toward a deep neural approach for knowledge - based ir ; this paper tackles the problem of the semantic gap between a document and a query within an ad - hoc information retrieval task . in this context , knowledge bases ( kbs ) have already been acknowledged as valuable means since they allow the representation of explicit relations between entities . however , they do not necessarily represent implicit relations that could be hidden in a corpora . this latter issue is tackled by recent works dealing with deep repres ←
→ saliency driven image manipulation ; have you ever taken a picture only to find out that an unimportant background object ended up being overly salient ? or one of those team sports photos where your favorite player blends with the rest ? wouldn ' t it be nice if you could tweak these pictures just a little bit so that the distractor would be attenuated and your favorite player will stand - out among her peers ? manipulating images in order to control the saliency of objects is the goal of this paper . we propose a ←
→ the generalized mean information coefficient ; reshef & reshef recently published a paper in which they present a method called the maximal information coefficient ( mic ) that can detect all forms of statistical dependence between pairs of variables as sample size goes to infinity . while this method has been praised by some , it has also been criticized for its lack of power in finite samples . we seek to modify mic so that it has higher power in detecting associations for limited sample sizes . here we present ←
→ densely connected convolutional networks ; recent work has shown that convolutional networks can be substantially deeper , more accurate , and efficient to train if they contain shorter connections between layers close to the input and those close to the output . in this paper , we embrace this observation and introduce the dense convolutional network ( densenet ), which connects each layer to every other layer in a feed - forward fashion . whereas traditional convolutional networks with l layers have l connections ←
→ linearly parameterized bandits ; we consider bandit problems involving a large ( possibly infinite ) collection of arms , in which the expected reward of each arm is a linear function of an $ r $- dimensional random vector $\ mathbf { z } \ in \ mathbb { r }^ r $, where $ r \ geq 2 $. the objective is to minimize the cumulative regret and bayes risk . when the set of arms corresponds to the unit sphere , we prove that the regret and bayes risk is of order $\ theta ( r \ sqrt { t })$, by establishing a lower bound for an arbitrary polic ←
→ learning deep similarity models with focus ranking for fabric image retrieval ; fabric image retrieval is beneficial to many applications including clothing searching , online shopping and cloth modeling . learning pairwise image similarity is of great importance to an image retrieval task . with the resurgence of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), recent works have achieved significant progresses via deep representation learning with metric embedding , which drives similar examples close to each other in ←
→ benchmarking multimodal sentiment analysis ; we propose a framework for multimodal sentiment analysis and emotion recognition using convolutional neural network - based feature extraction from text and visual modalities . we obtain a performance improvement of 10 % over the state of the art by combining visual , text and audio features . we also discuss some major issues frequently ignored in multimodal sentiment analysis research : the role of speaker - independent models , importance of the modalities and generaliz ←
→ semeval - 2017 task 1 : semantic textual similarity - multilingual and cross - lingual focused evaluation ; semantic textual similarity ( sts ) measures the meaning similarity of sentences . applications include machine translation ( mt ), summarization , generation , question answering ( qa ), short answer grading , semantic search , dialog and conversational systems . the sts shared task is a venue for assessing the current state - of - the - art . the 2017 task focuses on multilingual and cross - lingual pairs with one sub - trac ←
→ the informed sampler : a discriminative approach to bayesian inference in generative computer vision models ; computer vision is hard because of a large variability in lighting , shape , and texture ; in addition the image signal is non - additive due to occlusion . generative models promised to account for this variability by accurately modelling the image formation process as a function of latent variables with prior beliefs . bayesian posterior inference could then , in principle , explain the observation . while ←
→ semantic image segmentation with deep convolutional nets and fully connected crfs ; deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) have recently shown state of the art performance in high level vision tasks , such as image classification and object detection . this work brings together methods from dcnns and probabilistic graphical models for addressing the task of pixel - level classification ( also called " semantic image segmentation "). we show that responses at the final layer of dcnns are not sufficiently loca ←
→ multilingual multiword expressions ; the project aims to provide a semi - supervised approach to identify multiword expressions in a multilingual context consisting of english and most of the major indian languages . multiword expressions are a group of words which refers to some conventional or regional way of saying things . if they are literally translated from one language to another the expression will lose its inherent meaning . to automatically extract multiword expressions from a corpus , an extraction ←
→ sound , complete and minimal ucq - rewriting for existential rules ; we address the issue of ontology - based data access , with ontologies represented in the framework of existential rules , also known as datalog +/-. a well - known approach involves rewriting the query using ontological knowledge . we focus here on the basic rewriting technique which consists of rewriting the initial query into a union of conjunctive queries . first , we study a generic breadth - first rewriting algorithm , which takes as input any rewri ←
→ the role of commutativity in constraint propagation algorithms ; constraint propagation algorithms form an important part of most of the constraint programming systems . we provide here a simple , yet very general framework that allows us to explain several constraint propagation algorithms in a systematic way . in this framework we proceed in two steps . first , we introduce a generic iteration algorithm on partial orderings and prove its correctness in an abstract setting . then we instantiate this algorithm wi ←
→ long short - term memory over tree structures ; the chain - structured long short - term memory ( lstm ) has showed to be effective in a wide range of problems such as speech recognition and machine translation . in this paper , we propose to extend it to tree structures , in which a memory cell can reflect the history memories of multiple child cells or multiple descendant cells in a recursive process . we call the model s - lstm , which provides a principled way of considering long - distance interaction over hierarchies ,←
→ flexibly - bounded rationality and marginalization of irrationality theories for decision making ; in this paper the theory of flexibly - bounded rationality which is an extension to the theory of bounded rationality is revisited . rational decision making involves using information which is almost always imperfect and incomplete together with some intelligent machine which if it is a human being is inconsistent to make decisions . in bounded rationality , this decision is made irrespective of the fact that the ←
→ scaling pomdps for selecting sellers in e - markets - extended version ; in multiagent e - marketplaces , buying agents need to select good sellers by querying other buyers ( called advisors ). partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) have shown to be an effective framework for optimally selecting sellers by selectively querying advisors . however , current solution methods do not scale to hundreds or even tens of agents operating in the e - market . in this paper , we propose the mixture of pomdp experts (←
→ visual reference resolution using attention memory for visual dialog ; visual dialog is a task of answering a series of inter - dependent questions given an input image , and often requires to resolve visual references among the questions . this problem is different from visual question answering ( vqa ), which relies on spatial attention ( a . k . a . visual grounding ) estimated from an image and question pair . we propose a novel attention mechanism that exploits visual attentions in the past to resolve the current re ←
→ one - step or two - step optimization and the overfitting phenomenon : a case study on time series classification ; for the last few decades , optimization has been developing at a fast rate . bio - inspired optimization algorithms are metaheuristics inspired by nature . these algorithms have been applied to solve different problems in engineering , economics , and other domains . bio - inspired algorithms have also been applied in different branches of information technology such as networking and software engineering .←
→ model enumeration in propositional circumscription via unsatisfiable core analysis ; many practical problems are characterized by a preference relation over admissible solutions , where preferred solutions are minimal in some sense . for example , a preferred diagnosis usually comprises a minimal set of reasons that is sufficient to cause the observed anomaly . alternatively , a minimal correction subset comprises a minimal set of reasons whose deletion is sufficient to eliminate the observed anomaly . circumsc ←
→ regret analysis of stochastic and nonstochastic multi - armed bandit problems ; multi - armed bandit problems are the most basic examples of sequential decision problems with an exploration - exploitation trade - off . this is the balance between staying with the option that gave highest payoffs in the past and exploring new options that might give higher payoffs in the future . although the study of bandit problems dates back to the thirties , exploration - exploitation trade - offs arise in several modern applications ←
→ beyond part models : person retrieval with refined part pooling ( and a strong convolutional baseline ) ; employing part - level features for pedestrian image description offers fine - grained information and has been verified as beneficial for person retrieval in very recent literature . a prerequisite of part discovery is that each part should be well located . instead of using external cues , e . g ., pose estimation , to directly locate parts , this paper lays emphasis on the content consistency within each part . ←
→ an adaptive gmm approach to background subtraction for application in real time surveillance ; efficient security management has become an important parameter in todays world . as the problem is growing , there is an urgent need for the introduction of advanced technology and equipment to improve the state - of art of surveillance . in this paper we propose a model for real time background subtraction using agmm . the proposed model is robust and adaptable to dynamic background , fast illumination changes , repet ←
→ spatio - temporal person retrieval via natural language queries ; in this paper , we address the problem of spatio - temporal person retrieval from multiple videos using a natural language query , in which we output a tube ( i . e ., a sequence of bounding boxes ) which encloses the person described by the query . for this problem , we introduce a novel dataset consisting of videos containing people annotated with bounding boxes for each second and with five natural language descriptions . to retrieve the tube of the per ←
→ towards understanding feedback from supermassive black holes using convolutional neural networks ; supermassive black holes at centers of clusters of galaxies strongly interact with their host environment via agn feedback . key tracers of such activity are x - ray cavities -- regions of lower x - ray brightness within the cluster . we present an automatic method for detecting , and characterizing x - ray cavities in noisy , low - resolution x - ray images . we simulate clusters of galaxies , insert cavities into them , an ←
→ multi - view learning as a nonparametric nonlinear inter - battery factor analysis ; factor analysis aims to determine latent factors , or traits , which summarize a given data set . inter - battery factor analysis extends this notion to multiple views of the data . in this paper we show how a nonlinear , nonparametric version of these models can be recovered through the gaussian process latent variable model . this gives us a flexible formalism for multi - view learning where the latent variables can be used both for ←
→ how to learn a graph from smooth signals ; we propose a framework that learns the graph structure underlying a set of smooth signals . given $ x \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ m \ times n }$ whose rows reside on the vertices of an unknown graph , we learn the edge weights $ w \ in \ mathbb { r } _ +^{ m ( m - 1 )/ 2 }$ under the smoothness assumption that $\ text { tr }{ x ^\ top lx }$ is small . we show that the problem is a weighted $\ ell $- 1 minimization that leads to naturally sparse solutions . we point out how known graph learning or construction techn ←
→ unsupervised learning of disentangled representations from video ; we present a new model drnet that learns disentangled image representations from video . our approach leverages the temporal coherence of video and a novel adversarial loss to learn a representation that factorizes each frame into a stationary part and a temporally varying component . the disentangled representation can be used for a range of tasks . for example , applying a standard lstm to the time - vary components enables prediction of future ←
→ group event detection with a varying number of group members for video surveillance ; this paper presents a novel approach for automatic recognition of group activities for video surveillance applications . we propose to use a group representative to handle the recognition with a varying number of group members , and use an asynchronous hidden markov model ( ahmm ) to model the relationship between people . furthermore , we propose a group activity detection algorithm which can handle both symmetric and asymmet ←
→ compressing neural networks using the variational information bottleneck ; neural networks can be compressed to reduce memory and computational requirements , or to increase accuracy by facilitating the use of a larger base architecture . in this paper we focus on pruning individual neurons , which can simultaneously trim model size , flops , and run - time memory . to improve upon the performance of existing compression algorithms we utilize the information bottleneck principle instantiated via a tractable variati ←
→ causes and explanations in the structural - model approach : tractable cases ; in this paper , we continue our research on the algorithmic aspects of halpern and pearl ' s causes and explanations in the structural - model approach . to this end , we present new characterizations of weak causes for certain classes of causal models , which show that under suitable restrictions deciding causes and explanations is tractable . to our knowledge , these are the first explicit tractability results for the structural - model app ←
→ bounded multivariate surfaces on monovariate internal functions ; combining the properties of monovariate internal functions as proposed in kolmogorov superimposition theorem , in tandem with the bounds wielded by the multivariate formulation of chebyshev inequality , a hybrid model is presented , that decomposes images into homogeneous probabilistically bounded multivariate surfaces . given an image , the model shows a novel way of working on reduced image representation while processing and capturing the inter ←
→ finding more relevance : propagating similarity on markov random field for image retrieval ; to effectively retrieve objects from large corpus with high accuracy is a challenge task . in this paper , we propose a method that propagates visual feature level similarities on a markov random field ( mrf ) to obtain a high level correspondence in image space for image pairs . the proposed correspondence between image pair reflects not only the similarity of low - level visual features but also the relations built thro ←
→ learning transferrable knowledge for semantic segmentation with deep convolutional neural network ; we propose a novel weakly - supervised semantic segmentation algorithm based on deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ). contrary to existing weakly - supervised approaches , our algorithm exploits auxiliary segmentation annotations available for different categories to guide segmentations on images with only image - level class labels . to make the segmentation knowledge transferrable across categories , we design ←
→ state abstraction in maxq hierarchical reinforcement learning ; many researchers have explored methods for hierarchical reinforcement learning ( rl ) with temporal abstractions , in which abstract actions are defined that can perform many primitive actions before terminating . however , little is known about learning with state abstractions , in which aspects of the state space are ignored . in previous work , we developed the maxq method for hierarchical rl . in this paper , we define five conditions under which sta ←
→ multi - task dictionary learning based convolutional neural network for computer aided diagnosis with longitudinal images ; algorithmic image - based diagnosis and prognosis of neurodegenerative diseases on longitudinal data has drawn great interest from computer vision researchers . the current state - of - the - art models for many image classification tasks are based on the convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). however , a key challenge in applying cnn to biological problems is that the available labeled training s ←
→ bottleneck conditional density estimation ; we introduce a new framework for training deep generative models for high - dimensional conditional density estimation . the bottleneck conditional density estimator ( bcde ) is a variant of the conditional variational autoencoder ( cvae ) that employs layer ( s ) of stochastic variables as the bottleneck between the input $ x $ and target $ y $, where both are high - dimensional . crucially , we propose a new hybrid training method that blends the conditional generative model with ←
→ personalization in goal - oriented dialog ; the main goal of modeling human conversation is to create agents which can interact with people in both open - ended and goal - oriented scenarios . end - to - end trained neural dialog systems are an important line of research for such generalized dialog models as they do not resort to any situation - specific handcrafting of rules . however , incorporating personalization into such systems is a largely unexplored topic as there are no existing corpora to facilitate such work . ←
→ a large dataset of object scans ; we have created a dataset of more than ten thousand 3d scans of real objects . to create the dataset , we recruited 70 operators , equipped them with consumer - grade mobile 3d scanning setups , and paid them to scan objects in their environments . the operators scanned objects of their choosing , outside the laboratory and without direct supervision by computer vision professionals . the result is a large and diverse collection of object scans : from shoes , mugs , and toys to grand p ←
→ lens depth function and k - relative neighborhood graph : versatile tools for ordinal data analysis ; in recent years it has become popular to study machine learning problems in a setting of ordinal distance information rather than numerical distance measurements . by ordinal distance information we refer to binary answers to distance comparisons such as $ d ( a , b )< d ( c , d )$. for many problems in machine learning and statistics it is unclear how to solve them in such a scenario . up to now , the main approach is to ←
→ dissecting adam : the sign , magnitude and variance of stochastic gradients ; the adam optimizer is exceedingly popular in the deep learning community . often it works very well , sometimes it doesn ' t . why ? we interpret adam as a combination of two aspects : for each weight , the update direction is determined by the sign of stochastic gradients , whereas the update magnitude is determined by an estimate of their relative variance . we disentangle these two aspects and analyze them in isolation , gaining insight i ←
→ an empirical comparison of parsing methods for stanford dependencies ; stanford typed dependencies are a widely desired representation of natural language sentences , but parsing is one of the major computational bottlenecks in text analysis systems . in light of the evolving definition of the stanford dependencies and developments in statistical dependency parsing algorithms , this paper revisits the question of cer et al . ( 2010 ): what is the tradeoff between accuracy and speed in obtaining stanford dependenc ←
→ enhanced ezw technique for compression of image by setting detail retaining pass number ; this submission has been withdrawn by arxiv administrators because it contains excessive and unattributed reuse of content from other authors .←
→ controllable generative adversarial network ; although it is recently introduced , in last few years , generative adversarial network ( gan ) has been shown many promising results to generate realistic samples . however , it is hardly able to control generated samples since input variables for a generator are from a random distribution . some attempts have been made to control generated samples from gan , but they have not shown good performances with difficult problems . furthermore , it is hardly possible to contro ←
→ information - theoretical analysis of the statistical dependencies among three variables : applications to written language ; we develop the information - theoretical concepts required to study the statistical dependencies among three variables . some of such dependencies are pure triple interactions , in the sense that they cannot be explained in terms of a combination of pairwise correlations . we derive bounds for triple dependencies , and characterize the shape of the joint probability distribution of three bi ←
→ compressive k - means ; the lloyd - max algorithm is a classical approach to perform k - means clustering . unfortunately , its cost becomes prohibitive as the training dataset grows large . we propose a compressive version of k - means ( ckm ), that estimates cluster centers from a sketch , i . e . from a drastically compressed representation of the training dataset . we demonstrate empirically that ckm performs similarly to lloyd - max , for a sketch size proportional to the number of cen - troids times the ambient dimension , a ←
→ generalization bounds for representative domain adaptation ; in this paper , we propose a novel framework to analyze the theoretical properties of the learning process for a representative type of domain adaptation , which combines data from multiple sources and one target ( or briefly called representative domain adaptation ). in particular , we use the integral probability metric to measure the difference between the distributions of two domains and meanwhile compare it with the h - divergence and the discrepanc ←
→ markov chain analysis of evolution strategies on a linear constraint optimization problem ; this paper analyses a $( 1 ,\ lambda )$- evolution strategy , a randomised comparison - based adaptive search algorithm , on a simple constraint optimisation problem . the algorithm uses resampling to handle the constraint and optimizes a linear function with a linear constraint . two cases are investigated : first the case where the step - size is constant , and second the case where the step - size is adapted using path length co ←
→ provable ica with unknown gaussian noise , and implications for gaussian mixtures and autoencoders ; we present a new algorithm for independent component analysis ( ica ) which has provable performance guarantees . in particular , suppose we are given samples of the form $ y = ax + \ eta $ where $ a $ is an unknown $ n \ times n $ matrix and $ x $ is a random variable whose components are independent and have a fourth moment strictly less than that of a standard gaussian random variable and $\ eta $ is an $ n $- dimensional ←
→ phase transition of tractability in constraint satisfaction and bayesian network inference ; there has been great interest in identifying tractable subclasses of np complete problems and designing efficient algorithms for these tractable classes . constraint satisfaction and bayesian network inference are two examples of such problems that are of great importance in ai and algorithms . in this paper we study , under the frameworks of random constraint satisfaction problems and random bayesian networks , a typ ←
→ state estimation under non - gaussian levy noise : a modified kalman filtering method ; the kalman filter is extensively used for state estimation for linear systems under gaussian noise . when non - gaussian l \' evy noise is present , the conventional kalman filter may fail to be effective due to the fact that the non - gaussian l \' evy noise may have infinite variance . a modified kalman filter for linear systems with non - gaussian l \' evy noise is devised . it works effectively with reasonable computational cost . sim ←
→ analyzing sparse dictionaries for online learning with kernels ; many signal processing and machine learning methods share essentially the same linear - in - the - parameter model , with as many parameters as available samples as in kernel - based machines . sparse approximation is essential in many disciplines , with new challenges emerging in online learning with kernels . to this end , several sparsity measures have been proposed in the literature to quantify sparse dictionaries and constructing relevant ones , the mo ←
→ classification using proximity catch digraphs ( technical report ) ; we employ random geometric digraphs to construct semi - parametric classifiers . these data - random digraphs are from parametrized random digraph families called proximity catch digraphs ( pcds ). a related geometric digraph family , class cover catch digraph ( cccd ), has been used to solve the class cover problem by using its approximate minimum dominating set . cccds showed relatively good performance in the classification of imbalanced data sets , ←
→ influence - optimistic local values for multiagent planning --- extended version ; recent years have seen the development of methods for multiagent planning under uncertainty that scale to tens or even hundreds of agents . however , most of these methods either make restrictive assumptions on the problem domain , or provide approximate solutions without any guarantees on quality . methods in the former category typically build on heuristic search using upper bounds on the value function . unfortunately , no techn ←
→ semi - supervised emotion lexicon expansion with label propagation and specialized word embeddings ; there exist two main approaches to automatically extract affective orientation : lexicon - based and corpus - based . in this work , we argue that these two methods are compatible and show that combining them can improve the accuracy of emotion classifiers . in particular , we introduce a novel variant of the label propagation algorithm that is tailored to distributed word representations , we apply batch gradient des ←
→ evolution of active categorical image classification via saccadic eye movement ; pattern recognition and classification is a central concern for modern information processing systems . in particular , one key challenge to image and video classification has been that the computational cost of image processing scales linearly with the number of pixels in the image or video . here we present an intelligent machine ( the " active categorical classifier ," or acc ) that is inspired by the saccadic movements of the ey ←
→ single camera pose estimation using bayesian filtering and kinect motion priors ; traditional approaches to upper body pose estimation using monocular vision rely on complex body models and a large variety of geometric constraints . we argue that this is not ideal and somewhat inelegant as it results in large processing burdens , and instead attempt to incorporate these constraints through priors obtained directly from training data . a prior distribution covering the probability of a human pose occurring is ←
→ soft actor - critic : off - policy maximum entropy deep reinforcement learning with a stochastic actor ; model - free deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) algorithms have been demonstrated on a range of challenging decision making and control tasks . however , these methods typically suffer from two major challenges : very high sample complexity and brittle convergence properties , which necessitate meticulous hyperparameter tuning . both of these challenges severely limit the applicability of such methods to complex , re ←
→ cut - simulation and impredicativity ; we investigate cut - elimination and cut - simulation in impredicative ( higher - order ) logics . we illustrate that adding simple axioms such as leibniz equations to a calculus for an impredicative logic -- in our case a sequent calculus for classical type theory -- is like adding cut . the phenomenon equally applies to prominent axioms like boolean - and functional extensionality , induction , choice , and description . this calls for the development of calculi where these principle ←
→ rademacher complexity bounds for a penalized multiclass semi - supervised algorithm ; we propose rademacher complexity bounds for multiclass classifiers trained with a two - step semi - supervised model . in the first step , the algorithm partitions the partially labeled data and then identifies dense clusters containing $\ kappa $ predominant classes using the labeled training examples such that the proportion of their non - predominant classes is below a fixed threshold . in the second step , a classifier is trained ←
→ fisher consistency for prior probability shift ; we introduce fisher consistency in the sense of unbiasedness as a desirable property for estimators of class prior probabilities . lack of fisher consistency could be used as a criterion to dismiss estimators that are unlikely to deliver precise estimates in test datasets under prior probability and more general dataset shift . the usefulness of this unbiasedness concept is demonstrated with three examples of classifiers used for quantification : adjusted classi ←
→ hypothesis testing using pairwise distances and associated kernels ( with appendix ) ; we provide a unifying framework linking two classes of statistics used in two - sample and independence testing : on the one hand , the energy distances and distance covariances from the statistics literature ; on the other , distances between embeddings of distributions to reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ( rkhs ), as established in machine learning . the equivalence holds when energy distances are computed with semimetrics of n ←
→ anesthesiologist - level forecasting of hypoxemia with only spo2 data using deep learning ; we use a deep learning model trained only on a patient ' s blood oxygenation data ( measurable with an inexpensive fingertip sensor ) to predict impending hypoxemia ( low blood oxygen ) more accurately than trained anesthesiologists with access to all the data recorded in a modern operating room . we also provide a simple way to visualize the reason why a patient ' s risk is low or high by assigning weight to the patient ' s pa ←
→ an investigation into the relationship between type - 2 fou size and environmental uncertainty in robotic control ; it has been suggested that , when faced with large amounts of uncertainty in situations of automated control , type - 2 fuzzy logic based controllers will out - perform the simpler type - 1 varieties due to the latter lacking the flexibility to adapt accordingly . this paper aims to investigate this problem in detail in order to analyse when a type - 2 controller will improve upon type - 1 performance . a r ←
→ design automation for binarized neural networks : a quantum leap opportunity ? ; design automation in general , and in particular logic synthesis , can play a key role in enabling the design of application - specific binarized neural networks ( bnn ). this paper presents the hardware design and synthesis of a purely combinational bnn for ultra - low power near - sensor processing . we leverage the major opportunities raised by bnn models , which consist mostly of logical bit - wise operations and integer counting and com ←
→ contextual hypotheses and semantics of logic programs ; logic programming has developed as a rich field , built over a logical substratum whose main constituent is a nonclassical form of negation , sometimes coexisting with classical negation . the field has seen the advent of a number of alternative semantics , with kripke - kleene semantics , the well - founded semantics , the stable model semantics , and the answer - set semantics standing out as the most successful . we show that all aforementioned semantics are part ←
→ bayesian bandits : balancing the exploration - exploitation tradeoff via double sampling ; reinforcement learning studies how to balance exploration and exploitation in real - world systems , optimizing interactions with the world while simultaneously learning how the world works . one general class of algorithms for such learning is the multi - armed bandit setting ( in which sequential interactions are independent and identically distributed ) and the related contextual bandit case , in which the distribution depen ←
→ multi - platform version of starcraft : brood war in a docker container : technical report ; we present a dockerized version of a real - time strategy game starcraft : brood war , commonly used as a domain for ai research , with a pre - installed collection of ai developement tools supporting all the major types of starcraft bots . this provides a convenient way to deploy starcraft ais on numerous hosts at once and across multiple platforms despite limited os support of starcraft . in this technical report , we describ ←
→ genetic algorithm for su ( 2 ) gauge theory on a 2 - dimensional lattice ; an algorithm is proposed for the simulation of pure su ( n ) lattice gauge theories based on genetic algorithms ( gas ). we apply gas to su ( 2 ) pure gauge theory on a 2 dimensional lattice and show the results , the action per plaquette and wilson loops , are consistent with those by metropolis method ( mp ) s and heatbath method ( hb ) s . thermalization speed of gas is especially faster than the simple mps .←
→ openmv : a python powered , extensible machine vision camera ; advances in semiconductor manufacturing processes and large scale integration keep pushing demanding applications further away from centralized processing , and closer to the edges of the network ( i . e . edge computing ). it has become possible to perform complex in - network image processing using low - power embedded smart cameras , enabling a multitude of new collaborative image processing applications . this paper introduces openmv , a new low - power smar ←
→ alternating direction graph matching ; in this paper , we introduce a graph matching method that can account for constraints of arbitrary order , with arbitrary potential functions . unlike previous decomposition approaches that rely on the graph structures , we introduce a decomposition of the matching constraints . graph matching is then reformulated as a non - convex non - separable optimization problem that can be split into smaller and much - easier - to - solve subproblems , by means of the alternating direction meth ←
→ anomaly detection and classification for streaming data using pdes ; nondominated sorting , also called pareto depth analysis ( pda ), is widely used in multi - objective optimization and has recently found important applications in multi - criteria anomaly detection . recently , a partial differential equation ( pde ) continuum limit was discovered for nondominated sorting leading to a very fast approximate sorting algorithm called pde - based ranking . we propose in this paper a fast real - time streaming version of the ←
→ stateology : state - level interactive charting of language , feelings , and values ; people ' s personality and motivations are manifest in their everyday language usage . with the emergence of social media , ample examples of such usage are procurable . in this paper , we aim to analyze the vocabulary used by close to 200 , 000 blogger users in the u . s . with the purpose of geographically portraying various demographic , linguistic , and psychological dimensions at the state level . we give a description of a web - based ←
→ articulated pose estimation using hierarchical exemplar - based models ; exemplar - based models have achieved great success on localizing the parts of semi - rigid objects . however , their efficacy on highly articulated objects such as humans is yet to be explored . inspired by hierarchical object representation and recent application of deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) on human pose estimation , we propose a novel formulation that incorporates both hierarchical exemplar - based models and dcnns in the spat ←
→ an approach for weakly - supervised deep information retrieval ; recent developments in neural information retrieval models have been promising , but a problem remains : human relevance judgments are expensive to produce , while neural models require a considerable amount of training data . in an attempt to fill this gap , we present an approach that --- given a weak training set of pseudo - queries , documents , relevance information --- filters the data to produce effective positive and negative query - document pairs . th ←
→ a principled analysis of merging operations in possibilistic logic ; possibilistic logic offers a qualitative framework for representing pieces of information associated with levels of uncertainty of priority . the fusion of multiple sources information is discussed in this setting . different classes of merging operators are considered including conjunctive , disjunctive , reinforcement , adaptive and averaging operators . then we propose to analyse these classes in terms of postulates . this is done by first ext ←
→ entity embeddings of categorical variables ; we map categorical variables in a function approximation problem into euclidean spaces , which are the entity embeddings of the categorical variables . the mapping is learned by a neural network during the standard supervised training process . entity embedding not only reduces memory usage and speeds up neural networks compared with one - hot encoding , but more importantly by mapping similar values close to each other in the embedding space it reveals the intrinsic p ←
→ reservoir computing with simple oscillators : virtual and real networks ; the reservoir computing scheme is a machine learning mechanism which utilizes the naturally occuring computational capabilities of dynamical systems . one important subset of systems that has proven powerful both in experiments and theory are delay - systems . in this work , we investigate the reservoir computing performance of hybrid network - delay systems systematically by evaluating the narma10 and the sante fe task .. we construct ' multip ←
→ dimensionality reduction methods for molecular simulations ; molecular simulations produce very high - dimensional data - sets with millions of data points . as analysis methods are often unable to cope with so many dimensions , it is common to use dimensionality reduction and clustering methods to reach a reduced representation of the data . yet these methods often fail to capture the most important features necessary for the construction of a markov model . here we demonstrate the results of various dimensionalit ←
→ quantum - enhanced machine learning ; the emerging field of quantum machine learning has the potential to substantially aid in the problems and scope of artificial intelligence . this is only enhanced by recent successes in the field of classical machine learning . in this work we propose an approach for the systematic treatment of machine learning , from the perspective of quantum information . our approach is general and covers all three main branches of machine learning : supervised , unsupervised and reinforcem ←
→ homotopy analysis for tensor pca ; developing efficient and guaranteed nonconvex algorithms has been an important challenge in modern machine learning . algorithms with good empirical performance such as stochastic gradient descent often lack theoretical guarantees . in this paper , we analyze the class of homotopy or continuation methods for global optimization of nonconvex functions . these methods start from an objective function that is efficient to optimize ( e . g . convex ), and progressively modify it to obt ←
→ applications of fuzzy logic to case - based reasoning ; the article discusses some applications of fuzzy logic ideas to formalizing of the case - based reasoning ( cbr ) process and to measuring the effectiveness of cbr systems ←
→ super - resolution estimation of cyclic arrival rates ; exploiting the fact that most arrival processes exhibit cyclic behaviour , we propose a simple procedure for estimating the intensity of a nonhomogeneous poisson process . the estimator is the super - resolution analogue to shao 2010 and shao & lii 2011 , which is a sum of $ p $ sinusoids where $ p $ and the frequency , amplitude , and phase of each wave are not known and need to be estimated . this results in an interpretable yet flexible specification that is suit ←
→ foreground segmentation using a triplet convolutional neural network for multiscale feature encoding ; a common approach for moving objects segmentation in a scene is to perform a background subtraction . several methods have been proposed in this domain . however , they lack the ability of handling various difficult scenarios such as illumination changes , background or camera motion , camouflage effect , shadow etc . to address these issues , we propose a robust and flexible encoder - decoder type neural network ←
→ modelling depth for nonparametric foreground segmentation using rgbd devices ; the problem of detecting changes in a scene and segmenting the foreground from background is still challenging , despite previous work . moreover , new rgbd capturing devices include depth cues , which could be incorporated to improve foreground segmentation . in this work , we present a new nonparametric approach where a unified model mixes the device multiple information cues . in order to unify all the device channel cues , a new pr ←
→ fault - trajectory approach for fault diagnosis on analog circuits ; this issue discusses the fault - trajectory approach suitability for fault diagnosis on analog networks . recent works have shown promising results concerning a method based on this concept for atpg for diagnosing faults on analog networks . such method relies on evolutionary techniques , where a generic algorithm ( ga ) is coded to generate a set of optimum frequencies capable to disclose faults .←
→ fast approximate matching of cell - phone videos for robust background subtraction ; we identify a novel instance of the background subtraction problem that focuses on extracting near - field foreground objects captured using handheld cameras . given two user - generated videos of a scene , one with and the other without the foreground object ( s ), our goal is to efficiently generate an output video with only the foreground object ( s ) present in it . we cast this challenge as a spatio - temporal frame matching problem ,←
→ intel - tut dataset for camera invariant color constancy research ; in this paper , we provide a novel dataset designed for camera invariant color constancy research . camera invariance corresponds to the robustness of an algorithm ' s performance when run on images of the same scene taken by different cameras . accordingly , images in the database correspond to several lab and field scenes each of which are captured by three different cameras with minimal registration errors . the lab scenes are also captured under ←
→ subject selection on a riemannian manifold for unsupervised cross - subject seizure detection ; inter - subject variability between individuals poses a challenge in inter - subject brain signal analysis problems . a new algorithm for subject - selection based on clustering covariance matrices on a riemannian manifold is proposed . after unsupervised selection of the subsets of relevant subjects , data in a cluster is mapped to a tangent space at the mean point of covariance matrices in that cluster and an svm classi ←
→ properties of the least squares temporal difference learning algorithm ; this paper presents four different ways of looking at the well - known least squares temporal differences ( lstd ) algorithm for computing the value function of a markov reward process , each of them leading to different insights : the operator - theory approach via the galerkin method , the statistical approach via instrumental variables , the linear dynamical system view as well as the limit of the td iteration . we also give a geometric view o ←
→ a minimal architecture for general cognition ; a minimalistic cognitive architecture called manic is presented . the manic architecture requires only three function approximating models , and one state machine . even with so few major components , it is theoretically sufficient to achieve functional equivalence with all other cognitive architectures , and can be practically trained . instead of seeking to transfer architectural inspiration from biology into artificial intelligence , manic seeks to minimize novelty ←
→ learning from conditional distributions via dual embeddings ; many machine learning tasks , such as learning with invariance and policy evaluation in reinforcement learning , can be characterized as problems of learning from conditional distributions . in such problems , each sample $ x $ itself is associated with a conditional distribution $ p ( z | x )$ represented by samples $\{ z_i \} _ { i = 1 }^ m $, and the goal is to learn a function $ f $ that links these conditional distributions to target values $ y $. these learning prob ←
→ crowd counting via scale - adaptive convolutional neural network ; the task of crowd counting is to automatically estimate the pedestrian number in crowd images . to cope with the scale and perspective changes that commonly exist in crowd images , state - of - the - art approaches employ multi - column cnn architectures to regress density maps of crowd images . multiple columns have different receptive fields corresponding to pedestrians ( heads ) of different scales . we instead propose a scale - adaptive cnn ( sacnn ) archit ←
→ on the compression of recurrent neural networks with an application to lvcsr acoustic modeling for embedded speech recognition ; we study the problem of compressing recurrent neural networks ( rnns ). in particular , we focus on the compression of rnn acoustic models , which are motivated by the goal of building compact and accurate speech recognition systems which can be run efficiently on mobile devices . in this work , we present a technique for general recurrent model compression that jointly compresses bot ←
→ unfolding latent tree structures using 4th order tensors ; discovering the latent structure from many observed variables is an important yet challenging learning task . existing approaches for discovering latent structures often require the unknown number of hidden states as an input . in this paper , we propose a quartet based approach which is \ emph { agnostic } to this number . the key contribution is a novel rank characterization of the tensor associated with the marginal distribution of a quartet . this charac ←
→ analysis of optimization techniques to improve user response time of web applications and their implementation for moodle ; analysis of seven optimization techniques grouped under three categories ( hardware , back - end , and front - end ) is done to study the reduction in average user response time for modular object oriented dynamic learning environment ( moodle ), a learning management system which is scripted in php5 , runs on apache web server and utilizes mysql database software . before the implementation of ←
→ a statistical parsing framework for sentiment classification ; we present a statistical parsing framework for sentence - level sentiment classification in this article . unlike previous works that employ syntactic parsing results for sentiment analysis , we develop a statistical parser to directly analyze the sentiment structure of a sentence . we show that complicated phenomena in sentiment analysis ( e . g ., negation , intensification , and contrast ) can be handled the same as simple and straightforward sentiment e ←
→ scalable influence maximization for multiple products in continuous - time diffusion networks ; a typical viral marketing model identifies influential users in a social network to maximize a single product adoption assuming unlimited user attention , campaign budgets , and time . in reality , multiple products need campaigns , users have limited attention , convincing users incurs costs , and advertisers have limited budgets and expect the adoptions to be maximized soon . facing these user , monetary , and timing con ←
→ les agents comme des interpréteurs scheme : spécification dynamique par la communication ; we proposed in previous papers an extension and an implementation of the strobe model , which regards the agents as scheme interpreters . these agents are able to interpret messages in a dedicated environment including an interpreter that learns from the current conversation therefore representing evolving meta - level agent ' s knowledge . when the agent ' s interpreter is a nondeterministic one , the dialogues may consist o ←
→ theory of deep learning iib : optimization properties of sgd ; in theory iib we characterize with a mix of theory and experiments the optimization of deep convolutional networks by stochastic gradient descent . the main new result in this paper is theoretical and experimental evidence for the following conjecture about sgd : sgd concentrates in probability -- like the classical langevin equation -- on large volume , " flat " minima , selecting flat minimizers which are with very high probability also global minimi ←
→ annotating answer - set programs in lana ? ; while past research in answer - set programming ( asp ) mainly focused on theory , asp solver technology , and applications , the present work situates itself in the context of a quite recent research trend : development support for asp . in particular , we propose to augment answer - set programs with additional meta - information formulated in a dedicated annotation language , called lana . this language allows the grouping of rules into coherent blocks and to specify language si ←
→ deep convolutional neural networks for microscopy - based point of care diagnostics ; point of care diagnostics using microscopy and computer vision methods have been applied to a number of practical problems , and are particularly relevant to low - income , high disease burden areas . however , this is subject to the limitations in sensitivity and specificity of the computer vision methods used . in general , deep learning has recently revolutionised the field of computer vision , in some cases surpassing human per ←
→ variable forgetting in reasoning about knowledge ; in this paper , we investigate knowledge reasoning within a simple framework called knowledge structure . we use variable forgetting as a basic operation for one agent to reason about its own or other agents \ knowledge . in our framework , two notions namely agents \ observable variables and the weakest sufficient condition play important roles in knowledge reasoning . given a background knowledge base and a set of observable variables for each agent , we show tha ←
→ online optimization in dynamic environments ; high - velocity streams of high - dimensional data pose significant " big data " analysis challenges across a range of applications and settings . online learning and online convex programming play a significant role in the rapid recovery of important or anomalous information from these large datastreams . while recent advances in online learning have led to novel and rapidly converging algorithms , these methods are unable to adapt to nonstationary environments arising ←
→ turing ' s imitation game has been improved ; using the recently introduced universal computing model , called orchestrated machine , that represents computations in a dissipative environment , we consider a new kind of interpretation of turing ' s imitation game . in addition we raise the question whether the intelligence may show fractal properties . then we sketch a vision of what robotic cars are going to do in the future . finally we give the specification of an artificial life game based on the concept of orche ←
→ optimising rule - based classification in temporal data ; this study optimises manually derived rule - based expert system classification of objects according to changes in their properties over time . one of the key challenges that this study tries to address is how to classify objects that exhibit changes in their behaviour over time , for example how to classify companies ' share price stability over a period of time or how to classify students ' preferences for subjects while they are progressing through school ←
→ network dissection : quantifying interpretability of deep visual representations ; we propose a general framework called network dissection for quantifying the interpretability of latent representations of cnns by evaluating the alignment between individual hidden units and a set of semantic concepts . given any cnn model , the proposed method draws on a broad data set of visual concepts to score the semantics of hidden units at each intermediate convolutional layer . the units with semantics are given labels ←
→ beam search for learning a deep convolutional neural network of 3d shapes ; this paper addresses 3d shape recognition . recent work typically represents a 3d shape as a set of binary variables corresponding to 3d voxels of a uniform 3d grid centered on the shape , and resorts to deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for modeling these binary variables . robust learning of such cnns is currently limited by the small datasets of 3d shapes available , an order of magnitude smaller than other common datasets i ←
→ detecting user engagement in everyday conversations ; this paper presents a novel application of speech emotion recognition : estimation of the level of conversational engagement between users of a voice communication system . we begin by using machine learning techniques , such as the support vector machine ( svm ), to classify users ' emotions as expressed in individual utterances . however , this alone fails to model the temporal and interactive aspects of conversational engagement . we therefore propose the use ←
→ efficient distance metric learning by adaptive sampling and mini - batch stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) ; distance metric learning ( dml ) is an important task that has found applications in many domains . the high computational cost of dml arises from the large number of variables to be determined and the constraint that a distance metric has to be a positive semi - definite ( psd ) matrix . although stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) has been successfully applied to improve the efficiency of dml , it can still b ←
→ a road to classification in high dimensional space ; for high - dimensional classification , it is well known that naively performing the fisher discriminant rule leads to poor results due to diverging spectra and noise accumulation . therefore , researchers proposed independence rules to circumvent the diverse spectra , and sparse independence rules to mitigate the issue of noise accumulation . however , in biological applications , there are often a group of correlated genes responsible for clinical outcomes , and ←
→ visual landmark recognition from internet photo collections : a large - scale evaluation ; the task of a visual landmark recognition system is to identify photographed buildings or objects in query photos and to provide the user with relevant information on them . with their increasing coverage of the world ' s landmark buildings and objects , internet photo collections are now being used as a source for building such systems in a fully automatic fashion . this process typically consists of three steps : clusterin ←
→ fine - tuning cnn image retrieval with no human annotation ; image descriptors based on activations of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have become dominant in image retrieval due to their discriminative power , compactness of the representation , and the efficiency of search . training of cnns , either from scratch or fine - tuning , requires a large amount of annotated data , where high quality of the annotation is often crucial . in this work , we propose to fine - tune cnns for image retrieval on a large collecti ←
→ error rate bounds in crowdsourcing models ; crowdsourcing is an effective tool for human - powered computation on many tasks challenging for computers . in this paper , we provide finite - sample exponential bounds on the error rate ( in probability and in expectation ) of hyperplane binary labeling rules under the dawid - skene crowdsourcing model . the bounds can be applied to analyze many common prediction methods , including the majority voting and weighted majority voting . these bound results could be useful for c ←
→ optimal exploration - exploitation in a multi - armed - bandit problem with non - stationary rewards ; in a multi - armed bandit ( mab ) problem a gambler needs to choose at each round of play one of k arms , each characterized by an unknown reward distribution . reward realizations are only observed when an arm is selected , and the gambler ' s objective is to maximize his cumulative expected earnings over some given horizon of play t . to do this , the gambler needs to acquire information about arms ( exploration ) while si ←
→ on the number of many - to - many alignments of multiple sequences ; we count the number of alignments of $ n \ ge 1 $ sequences when match - up types are from a specified set $ s \ subseteq \ mathbb { n }^ n $. equivalently , we count the number of nonnegative integer matrices whose rows sum to a given fixed vector and each of whose columns lie in $ s $. we provide a new asymptotic formula for the case $ s =\{( s_1 ,\ ldots , s_n ) \:|\: 1 \ le s_i \ le 2 \}$.←
→ a proof theoretic view of constraint programming ; we provide here a proof theoretic account of constraint programming that attempts to capture the essential ingredients of this programming style . we exemplify it by presenting proof rules for linear constraints over interval domains , and illustrate their use by analyzing the constraint propagation process for the {\ tt send + more = money } puzzle . we also show how this approach allows one to build new constraint solvers .←
→ feature learning from incomplete eeg with denoising autoencoder ; an alternative pathway for the human brain to communicate with the outside world is by means of a brain computer interface ( bci ). a bci can decode electroencephalogram ( eeg ) signals of brain activities , and then send a command or an intent to an external interactive device , such as a wheelchair . the effectiveness of the bci depends on the performance in decoding the eeg . usually , the eeg is contaminated by different kinds of artefacts ( e . g ., ←
→ learning and transferring ids representation in e - commerce ; many machine intelligence techniques are developed in e - commerce and one of the most essential components is the representation of ids , including user id , item id , product id , store id , brand id , category id etc . the classical encoding based methods ( like one - hot encoding ) are inefficient in that it suffers sparsity problems due to its high dimension , and it cannot reflect the relationships among ids , either homogeneous or heterogeneous ones . in t ←
→ stochastic primal - dual proximal extragradient descent for compositely regularized optimization ; we consider a wide range of regularized stochastic minimization problems with two regularization terms , one of which is composed with a linear function . this optimization model abstracts a number of important applications in artificial intelligence and machine learning , such as fused lasso , fused logistic regression , and a class of graph - guided regularized minimization . the computational challenges of this mod ←
→ optimal radiometric calibration for camera - display communication ; we present a novel method for communicating between a camera and display by embedding and recovering hidden and dynamic information within a displayed image . a handheld camera pointed at the display can receive not only the display image , but also the underlying message . these active scenes are fundamentally different from traditional passive scenes like qr codes because image formation is based on display emittance , not surface reflectance .←
→ localized multiple kernel learning --- a convex approach ; we propose a localized approach to multiple kernel learning that can be formulated as a convex optimization problem over a given cluster structure . for which we obtain generalization error guarantees and derive an optimization algorithm based on the fenchel dual representation . experiments on real - world datasets from the application domains of computational biology and computer vision show that convex localized multiple kernel learning can achieve hig ←
→ fast genetic algorithms ; for genetic algorithms using a bit - string representation of length ~$ n $, the general recommendation is to take $ 1 / n $ as mutation rate . in this work , we discuss whether this is really justified for multimodal functions . taking jump functions and the $( 1 + 1 )$ evolutionary algorithm as the simplest example , we observe that larger mutation rates give significantly better runtimes . for the $\ jump_ { m , n }$ function , any mutation rate between $ 2 / n $ and $ m / n $ leads to a speed - up at least expon ←
→ a correlational encoder decoder architecture for pivot based sequence generation ; interlingua based machine translation ( mt ) aims to encode multiple languages into a common linguistic representation and then decode sentences in multiple target languages from this representation . in this work we explore this idea in the context of neural encoder decoder architectures , albeit on a smaller scale and without mt as the end goal . specifically , we consider the case of three languages or modalities x , z and y wh ←
→ relevance sensitive non - monotonic inference on belief sequences ; we present a method for relevance sensitive non - monotonic inference from belief sequences which incorporates insights pertaining to prioritized inference and relevance sensitive , inconsistency tolerant belief revision . our model uses a finite , logically open sequence of propositional formulas as a representation for beliefs and defines a notion of inference from maxiconsistent subsets of formulas guided by two orderings : a temporal sequenci ←
→ staple : complementary learners for real - time tracking ; correlation filter - based trackers have recently achieved excellent performance , showing great robustness to challenging situations exhibiting motion blur and illumination changes . however , since the model that they learn depends strongly on the spatial layout of the tracked object , they are notoriously sensitive to deformation . models based on colour statistics have complementary traits : they cope well with variation in shape , but suffer when illuminat ←
→ multi - objective design of state feedback controllers using reinforced quantum - behaved particle swarm optimization ; in this paper , a novel and generic multi - objective design paradigm is proposed which utilizes quantum - behaved pso ( qpso ) for deciding the optimal configuration of the lqr controller for a given problem considering a set of competing objectives . there are three main contributions introduced in this paper as follows . ( 1 ) the standard qpso algorithm is reinforced with an informed initialization ←
→ modelling cyber - security experts ' decision making processes using aggregation operators ; an important role carried out by cyber - security experts is the assessment of proposed computer systems , during their design stage . this task is fraught with difficulties and uncertainty , making the knowledge provided by human experts essential for successful assessment . today , the increasing number of progressively complex systems has led to an urgent need to produce tools that support the expert - led process of syste ←
→ language learning from positive evidence , reconsidered : a simplicity - based approach ; children learn their native language by exposure to their linguistic and communicative environment , but apparently without requiring that their mistakes are corrected . such learning from positive evidence has been viewed as raising logical problems for language acquisition . in particular , without correction , how is the child to recover from conjecturing an over - general grammar , which will be consistent with any sentence ←
→ detecting comma - shaped clouds for severe weather forecasting using shape and motion ; meteorologists use shapes and movements of clouds in satellite images as indicators of several major types of severe storms . satellite imaginary data are in increasingly higher resolution , both spatially and temporally , making it impossible for humans to fully leverage the data in their forecast . automatic satellite imagery analysis methods that can find storm - related cloud patterns as soon as they are detectable are in ←
→ deep reinforcement learning : framework , applications , and embedded implementations ; the recent breakthroughs of deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) technique in alpha go and playing atari have set a good example in handling large state and actions spaces of complicated control problems . the drl technique is comprised of ( i ) an offline deep neural network ( dnn ) construction phase , which derives the correlation between each state - action pair of the system and its value function , and ( ii ) an online deep q - lea ←
→ learning deep representations of appearance and motion for anomalous event detection ; we present a novel unsupervised deep learning framework for anomalous event detection in complex video scenes . while most existing works merely use hand - crafted appearance and motion features , we propose appearance and motion deepnet ( amdn ) which utilizes deep neural networks to automatically learn feature representations . to exploit the complementary information of both appearance and motion patterns , we introduce a no ←
→ how document pre - processing affects keyphrase extraction performance ; the semeval - 2010 benchmark dataset has brought renewed attention to the task of automatic keyphrase extraction . this dataset is made up of scientific articles that were automatically converted from pdf format to plain text and thus require careful preprocessing so that irrevelant spans of text do not negatively affect keyphrase extraction performance . in previous work , a wide range of document preprocessing techniques were described but ←
→ on the implicit and on the artificial - morphogenesis and emergent aesthetics in autonomous collective systems ; imagine a " machine " where there is no pre - commitment to any particular representational scheme : the desired behaviour is distributed and roughly specified simultaneously among many parts , but there is minimal specification of the mechanism required to generate that behaviour , i . e . the global behaviour evolves from the many relations of multiple simple behaviours . a machine that lives to and fro ←
→ license plate detection and recognition using deeply learned convolutional neural networks ; this work details sighthounds fully automated license plate detection and recognition system . the core technology of the system is built using a sequence of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) interlaced with accurate and efficient algorithms . the cnns are trained and fine - tuned so that they are robust under different conditions ( e . g . variations in pose , lighting , occlusion , etc .) and can work across a varie ←
→ a latent clothing attribute approach for human pose estimation ; as a fundamental technique that concerns several vision tasks such as image parsing , action recognition and clothing retrieval , human pose estimation ( hpe ) has been extensively investigated in recent years . to achieve accurate and reliable estimation of the human pose , it is well - recognized that the clothing attributes are useful and should be utilized properly . most previous approaches , however , require to manually annotate the clothing attri ←
→ structure discovery in nonparametric regression through compositional kernel search ; despite its importance , choosing the structural form of the kernel in nonparametric regression remains a black art . we define a space of kernel structures which are built compositionally by adding and multiplying a small number of base kernels . we present a method for searching over this space of structures which mirrors the scientific discovery process . the learned structures can often decompose functions into interpret ←
→ computational modelling of evolution : ecosystems and language ; recently , computational modelling became a very important research tool that enables us to study problems that for decades evaded scientific analysis . evolutionary systems are certainly examples of such problems : they are composed of many units that might reproduce , diffuse , mutate , die , or in some cases for example communicate . these processes might be of some adaptive value , they influence each other and occur on various time scales . that is ←
→ dictionary and image recovery from incomplete and random measurements ; this paper tackles algorithmic and theoretical aspects of dictionary learning from incomplete and random block - wise image measurements and the performance of the adaptive dictionary for sparse image recovery . this problem is related to blind compressed sensing in which the sparsifying dictionary or basis is viewed as an unknown variable and subject to estimation during sparse recovery . however , unlike existing guarantees for a successfu ←
→ on learning parametric - output hmms ; we present a novel approach for learning an hmm whose outputs are distributed according to a parametric family . this is done by {\ em decoupling } the learning task into two steps : first estimating the output parameters , and then estimating the hidden states transition probabilities . the first step is accomplished by fitting a mixture model to the output stationary distribution . given the parameters of this mixture model , the second step is formulated as the solution of an ←
→ unsupervised object segmentation in video by efficient selection of highly probable positive features ; we address an essential problem in computer vision , that of unsupervised object segmentation in video , where a main object of interest in a video sequence should be automatically separated from its background . an efficient solution to this task would enable large - scale video interpretation at a high semantic level in the absence of the costly manually labeled ground truth . we propose an efficient unsupe ←
→ deep bayesian bandits showdown : an empirical comparison of bayesian deep networks for thompson sampling ; recent advances in deep reinforcement learning have made significant strides in performance on applications such as go and atari games . however , developing practical methods to balance exploration and exploitation in complex domains remains largely unsolved . thompson sampling and its extension to reinforcement learning provide an elegant approach to exploration that only requires access to posterior s ←
→ query - focused video summarization : dataset , evaluation , and a memory network based approach ; recent years have witnessed a resurgence of interest in video summarization . however , one of the main obstacles to the research on video summarization is the user subjectivity - users have various preferences over the summaries . the subjectiveness causes at least two problems . first , no single video summarizer fits all users unless it interacts with and adapts to the individual users . second , it is very challengi ←
→ fast training of convolutional networks through ffts ; convolutional networks are one of the most widely employed architectures in computer vision and machine learning . in order to leverage their ability to learn complex functions , large amounts of data are required for training . training a large convolutional network to produce state - of - the - art results can take weeks , even when using modern gpus . producing labels using a trained network can also be costly when dealing with web - scale datasets . in this work ,←
→ end - to - end detection - segmentation network with roi convolution ; we propose an end - to - end neural network that improves the segmentation accuracy of fully convolutional networks by incorporating a localization unit . this network performs object localization first , which is then used as a cue to guide the training of the segmentation network . we test the proposed method on a segmentation task of small objects on a clinical dataset of ultrasound images . we show that by jointly learning for detection and segmen ←
→ learning macro - actions for state - space planning ; planning has achieved significant progress in recent years . among the various approaches to scale up plan synthesis , the use of macro - actions has been widely explored . as a first stage towards the development of a solution to learn on - line macro - actions , we propose an algorithm to identify useful macro - actions based on data mining techniques . the integration in the planning search of these learned macro - actions shows significant improvements over four classi ←
→ auxiliary multimodal lstm for audio - visual speech recognition and lipreading ; the aduio - visual speech recognition ( avsr ) which employs both the video and audio information to do automatic speech recognition ( asr ) is one of the application of multimodal leaning making asr system more robust and accuracy . the traditional models usually treated avsr as inference or projection but strict prior limits its ability . as the revival of deep learning , deep neural networks ( dnn ) becomes an important toolkit in many ←
→ protein secondary structure prediction with long short term memory networks ; prediction of protein secondary structure from the amino acid sequence is a classical bioinformatics problem . common methods use feed forward neural networks or svms combined with a sliding window , as these models does not naturally handle sequential data . recurrent neural networks are an generalization of the feed forward neural network that naturally handle sequential data . we use a bidirectional recurrent neural network with ←
→ region and location based indexing and retrieval of mr - t2 brain tumor images ; in this paper , region based and location based retrieval systems have been implemented for retrieval of mr - t2 axial 2 - d brain images . this is done by extracting and characterizing the tumor portion of 2 - d brain slices by use of a suitable threshold computed over the entire image . indexing and retrieval is then performed by computing texture features based on gray - tone spatial - dependence matrix of segmented regions . a hash struc ←
→ the computational complexity of probabilistic planning ; we examine the computational complexity of testing and finding small plans in probabilistic planning domains with both flat and propositional representations . the complexity of plan evaluation and existence varies with the plan type sought ; we examine totally ordered plans , acyclic plans , and looping plans , and partially ordered plans under three natural definitions of plan value . we show that problems of interest are complete for a variety of complex ←
→ denoising autoencoders for overgeneralization in neural networks ; despite the recent developments that allowed neural networks to achieve impressive performance on a variety of applications , these models are intrinsically affected by the problem of overgeneralization , due to their partitioning of the full input space into the fixed set of target classes used during training . thus it is possible for novel inputs belonging to categories unknown during training or even completely unrecognizable to humans to f ←
→ improving the expected improvement algorithm ; the expected improvement ( ei ) algorithm is a popular strategy for information collection in optimization under uncertainty . the algorithm is widely known to be too greedy , but nevertheless enjoys wide use due to its simplicity and ability to handle uncertainty and noise in a coherent decision theoretic framework . to provide rigorous insight into ei , we study its properties in a simple setting of bayesian optimization where the domain consists of a finite grid o ←
→ a single euler number feature for multi - font multi - size kannada numeral recognition ; in this paper a novel approach is proposed based on single euler number feature which is free from thinning and size normalization for multi - font and multi - size kannada numeral recognition system . a nearest neighbor classification is used for classification of kannada numerals by considering the euclidian distance . a total 1500 numeral images with different font sizes between ( 10 .. 84 ) are tested for algorithm efficiency ←
→ conditional probability models for deep image compression ; deep neural networks trained as image auto - encoders have recently emerged as a promising direction for advancing the state of the art in image compression . the key challenge in learning such networks is twofold : to deal with quantization , and to control the trade - off between reconstruction error ( distortion ) and entropy ( rate ) of the latent image representation . in this paper , we focus on the latter challenge and propose a new technique to navigate ←
→ correlated random features for fast semi - supervised learning ; this paper presents correlated nystrom views ( xnv ), a fast semi - supervised algorithm for regression and classification . the algorithm draws on two main ideas . first , it generates two views consisting of computationally inexpensive random features . second , xnv applies multiview regression using canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) on unlabeled data to bias the regression towards useful features . it has been shown that , if the views contains accur ←
→ action search : learning to search for human activities in untrimmed videos ; traditional approaches for action detection use trimmed data to learn sophisticated action detector models . although these methods have achieved great success at detecting human actions , we argue that huge information is discarded when ignoring the process , through which this trimmed data is obtained . in this paper , we propose action search , a novel approach that mimics the way people annotate activities in video sequences . using ←
→ reusing weights in subword - aware neural language models ; we propose several ways of reusing subword embeddings and other weights in subword - aware neural language models . the proposed techniques do not benefit a competitive character - aware model , but some of them improve the performance of syllable - and morpheme - aware models while showing significant reductions in model sizes . we discover a simple hands - on principle : in a multi - layer input embedding model , layers should be tied consecutively bottom - up if re ←
→ an evolutionary strategy based on partial imitation for solving optimization problems ; in this work we introduce an evolutionary strategy to solve combinatorial optimization tasks , i . e . problems characterized by a discrete search space . in particular , we focus on the traveling salesman problem ( tsp ), i . e . a famous problem whose search space grows exponentially , increasing the number of cities , up to becoming np - hard . the solutions of the tsp can be codified by arrays of cities , and can be evaluated by fi ←
→ a survey of dimensionality reduction techniques ; experimental life sciences like biology or chemistry have seen in the recent decades an explosion of the data available from experiments . laboratory instruments become more and more complex and report hundreds or thousands measurements for a single experiment and therefore the statistical methods face challenging tasks when dealing with such high dimensional data . however , much of the data is highly redundant and can be efficiently brought down to a much sma ←
→ monotone retargeting for unsupervised rank aggregation with object features ; learning the true ordering between objects by aggregating a set of expert opinion rank order lists is an important and ubiquitous problem in many applications ranging from social choice theory to natural language processing and search aggregation . we study the problem of unsupervised rank aggregation where no ground truth ordering information in available , neither about the true preference ordering between any set of objects nor ←
→ on strong and default negation in logic program updates ( extended version ) ; existing semantics for answer - set program updates fall into two categories : either they consider only strong negation in heads of rules , or they primarily rely on default negation in heads of rules and optionally provide support for strong negation by means of a syntactic transformation . in this paper we pinpoint the limitations of both these approaches and argue that both types of negation should be first - class citizens in the c ←
→ ant colony optimization for inferring key gene interactions ; inferring gene interaction network from gene expression data is an important task in systems biology research . the gene interaction network , especially key interactions , plays an important role in identifying biomarkers for disease that further helps in drug design . ant colony optimization is an optimization algorithm based on natural evolution and has been used in many optimization problems . in this paper , we applied ant colony optimization algo ←
→ multi - resource defensive strategies for patrolling games with alarm systems ; security games employ game theoretical tools to derive resource allocation strategies in security domains . recent works considered the presence of alarm systems , even suffering various forms of uncertainty , and showed that disregarding alarm signals may lead to arbitrarily bad strategies . the central problem with an alarm system , unexplored in other security games , is finding the best strategy to respond to alarm signals for eac ←
→ corpus - based learning of analogies and semantic relations ; we present an algorithm for learning from unlabeled text , based on the vector space model ( vsm ) of information retrieval , that can solve verbal analogy questions of the kind found in the sat college entrance exam . a verbal analogy has the form a : b :: c : d , meaning " a is to b as c is to d "; for example , mason : stone :: carpenter : wood . sat analogy questions provide a word pair , a : b , and the problem is to select the most analogous word pair , c : d , from a set ←
→ free space estimation using occupancy grids and dynamic object detection ; in this paper we present an approach to estimate free space from a stereo image pair using stochastic occupancy grids . we do this in the domain of autonomous driving on the famous benchmark dataset kitti . later based on the generated occupancy grid we match 2 image sequences to compute the top view representation of the map . we do this to map the environment . we compute a transformation between the occupancy grids of two successive i ←
→ direct l_ ( 2 , p )- norm learning for feature selection ; in this paper , we propose a novel sparse learning based feature selection method that directly optimizes a large margin linear classification model sparsity with l_ ( 2 , p )- norm ( 0 < p < 1 ) subject to data - fitting constraints , rather than using the sparsity as a regularization term . to solve the direct sparsity optimization problem that is non - smooth and non - convex when 0 < p < 1 , we provide an efficient iterative algorithm with proved convergence by converting i ←
→ identifications of concealed weapon in a human body ; the detection of weapons concealed underneath a person cloths is very much important to the improvement of the security of the public as well as the safety of public assets like airports , buildings and railway stations etc .←
→ linear temporal logic and propositional schemata , back and forth ( extended version ) ; this paper relates the well - known linear temporal logic with the logic of propositional schemata introduced by the authors . we prove that ltl is equivalent to a class of schemata in the sense that polynomial - time reductions exist from one logic to the other . some consequences about complexity are given . we report about first experiments and the consequences about possible improvements in existing implementations are anal ←
→ bayesian inference via rejection filtering ; we provide a method for approximating bayesian inference using rejection sampling . we not only make the process efficient , but also dramatically reduce the memory required relative to conventional methods by combining rejection sampling with particle filtering . we also provide an approximate form of rejection sampling that makes rejection filtering tractable in cases where exact rejection sampling is not efficient . finally , we present several numerical examples o ←
→ statistical pattern recognition for driving styles based on bayesian probability and kernel density estimation ; driving styles have a great influence on vehicle fuel economy , active safety , and drivability . to recognize driving styles of path - tracking behaviors for different divers , a statistical pattern - recognition method is developed to deal with the uncertainty of driving styles or characteristics based on probability density estimation . first , to describe driver path - tracking styles , vehicle speed an ←
→ a generalised quantifier theory of natural language in categorical compositional distributional semantics with bialgebras ; categorical compositional distributional semantics is a model of natural language ; it combines the statistical vector space models of words with the compositional models of grammar . we formalise in this model the generalised quantifier theory of natural language , due to barwise and cooper . the underlying setting is a compact closed category with bialgebras . we start from a generative ←
→ cross - entropic learning of a machine for the decision in a partially observable universe ; revision of the paper previously entitled " learning a machine for the decision in a partially observable markov universe " in this paper , we are interested in optimal decisions in a partially observable universe . our approach is to directly approximate an optimal strategic tree depending on the observation . this approximation is made by means of a parameterized probabilistic law . a particular family of hidden markov ←
→ mean absolute percentage error for regression models ; we study in this paper the consequences of using the mean absolute percentage error ( mape ) as a measure of quality for regression models . we prove the existence of an optimal mape model and we show the universal consistency of empirical risk minimization based on the mape . we also show that finding the best model under the mape is equivalent to doing weighted mean absolute error ( mae ) regression , and we apply this weighting strategy to kernel regression ←
→ statistical inference for incomplete ranking data : the case of rank - dependent coarsening ; we consider the problem of statistical inference for ranking data , specifically rank aggregation , under the assumption that samples are incomplete in the sense of not comprising all choice alternatives . in contrast to most existing methods , we explicitly model the process of turning a full ranking into an incomplete one , which we call the coarsening process . to this end , we propose the concept of rank - dependent coar ←
→ exploiting cross - sentence context for neural machine translation ; in translation , considering the document as a whole can help to resolve ambiguities and inconsistencies . in this paper , we propose a cross - sentence context - aware approach and investigate the influence of historical contextual information on the performance of neural machine translation ( nmt ). first , this history is summarized in a hierarchical way . we then integrate the historical representation into nmt in two strategies : 1 ) a warm - start of ←
→ count - based exploration in feature space for reinforcement learning ; we introduce a new count - based optimistic exploration algorithm for reinforcement learning ( rl ) that is feasible in environments with high - dimensional state - action spaces . the success of rl algorithms in these domains depends crucially on generalisation from limited training experience . function approximation techniques enable rl agents to generalise in order to estimate the value of unvisited states , but at present few methods enable gen ←
→ characterization of an inconsistency ranking for pairwise comparison matrices ; pairwise comparisons between alternatives are a well - known method for measuring preferences of a decision - maker . since these often do not exhibit consistency , a number of inconsistency indices has been introduced in order to measure the deviation from this ideal case . we axiomatically characterize the inconsistency ranking induced by the koczkodaj inconsistency index : six independent properties are presented such that they det ←
→ adversarial spheres ; state of the art computer vision models have been shown to be vulnerable to small adversarial perturbations of the input . in other words , most images in the data distribution are both correctly classified by the model and are very close to a visually similar misclassified image . despite substantial research interest , the cause of the phenomenon is still poorly understood and remains unsolved . we hypothesize that this counter intuitive behavior is a naturally occurring result of the hig ←
→ learning continuous - time social network dynamics ; we demonstrate that a number of sociology models for social network dynamics can be viewed as continuous time bayesian networks ( ctbns ). a sampling - based approximate inference method for ctbns can be used as the basis of an expectation - maximization procedure that achieves better accuracy in estimating the parameters of the model than the standard method of moments algorithmfromthe sociology literature . we extend the existing social network models to allow f ←
→ sensitivity and generalization in neural networks : an empirical study ; in practice it is often found that large over - parameterized neural networks generalize better than their smaller counterparts , an observation that appears to conflict with classical notions of function complexity , which typically favor smaller models . in this work , we investigate this tension between complexity and generalization through an extensive empirical exploration of two natural metrics of complexity related to sensitivity to in ←
→ chord label personalization through deep learning of integrated harmonic interval - based representations ; the increasing accuracy of automatic chord estimation systems , the availability of vast amounts of heterogeneous reference annotations , and insights from annotator subjectivity research make chord label personalization increasingly important . nevertheless , automatic chord estimation systems are historically exclusively trained and evaluated on a single reference annotation . we introduce a first approa ←
→ logical settings for concept learning from incomplete examples in first order logic ; we investigate here concept learning from incomplete examples . our first purpose is to discuss to what extent logical learning settings have to be modified in order to cope with data incompleteness . more precisely we are interested in extending the learning from interpretations setting introduced by l . de raedt that extends to relational representations the classical propositional ( or attribute - value ) concept learning fr ←
→ bpr : bayesian personalized ranking from implicit feedback ; item recommendation is the task of predicting a personalized ranking on a set of items ( e . g . websites , movies , products ). in this paper , we investigate the most common scenario with implicit feedback ( e . g . clicks , purchases ). there are many methods for item recommendation from implicit feedback like matrix factorization ( mf ) or adaptive knearest - neighbor ( knn ). even though these methods are designed for the item prediction task of personalized rank ←
→ applications of online deep learning for crisis response using social media information ; during natural or man - made disasters , humanitarian response organizations look for useful information to support their decision - making processes . social media platforms such as twitter have been considered as a vital source of useful information for disaster response and management . despite advances in natural language processing techniques , processing short and informal twitter messages is a challenging task . in thi ←
→ improving accuracy and power with transfer learning using a meta - analytic database ; typical cohorts in brain imaging studies are not large enough for systematic testing of all the information contained in the images . to build testable working hypotheses , investigators thus rely on analysis of previous work , sometimes formalized in a so - called meta - analysis . in brain imaging , this approach underlies the specification of regions of interest ( rois ) that are usually selected on the basis of the coordinates o ←
→ bandit regret scaling with the effective loss range ; we study how the regret guarantees of nonstochastic multi - armed bandits can be improved , if the effective range of the losses in each round is small ( e . g . the maximal difference between two losses in a given round ). despite a recent impossibility result , we show how this can be made possible under certain mild additional assumptions , such as availability of rough estimates of the losses , or advance knowledge of the loss of a single , possibly unspecified ←
→ nested graph words for object recognition ; in this paper , we propose a new , scalable approach for the task of object based image search or object recognition . despite the very large literature existing on the scalability issues in cbir in the sense of retrieval approaches , the scalability of media and scalability of features remain an issue . in our work we tackle the problem of scalability and structural organization of features . the proposed features are nested local graphs built upon sets of surf feature ←
→ shapes characterization on address event representation using histograms of oriented events and an extended lbp approach ; address event representation is a thriving technology that could change digital image processing paradigm . this paper proposes a methodology to characterize the shape of objects using the streaming of asynchronous events . a new descriptor that enhances spikes connectivity is associated with two oriented histogram based representations . this paper uses these features to develop both a ←
→ dna - gan : learning disentangled representations from multi - attribute images ; disentangling factors of variation has always been a challenging problem in representation learning . existing algorithms suffer from many limitations , such as unpredictable disentangling factors , bad quality of generated images from encodings , lack of identity information , etc . in this paper , we propose a supervised algorithm called dna - gan trying to disentangle different attributes of images . the latent representations of images ←
→ optimizing the computation of overriding ; we introduce optimization techniques for reasoning in dln --- a recently introduced family of nonmonotonic description logics whose characterizing features appear well - suited to model the applicative examples naturally arising in biomedical domains and semantic web access control policies . such optimizations are validated experimentally on large kbs with more than 30k axioms . speedups exceed 1 order of magnitude . for the first time , response times compatible with rea ←
→ simultaneous localization , mapping , and manipulation for unsupervised object discovery ; we present an unsupervised framework for simultaneous appearance - based object discovery , detection , tracking and reconstruction using rgbd cameras and a robot manipulator . the system performs dense 3d simultaneous localization and mapping concurrently with unsupervised object discovery . putative objects that are spatially and visually coherent are manipulated by the robot to gain additional motion - cues . the robot uses ←
→ basic level categorization facilitates visual object recognition ; recent advances in deep learning have led to significant progress in the computer vision field , especially for visual object recognition tasks . the features useful for object classification are learned by feed - forward deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) automatically , and they are shown to be able to predict and decode neural representations in the ventral visual pathway of humans and monkeys . however , despite the huge amount of work o ←
→ stochastic gradient descent as approximate bayesian inference ; stochastic gradient descent with a constant learning rate ( constant sgd ) simulates a markov chain with a stationary distribution . with this perspective , we derive several new results . ( 1 ) we show that constant sgd can be used as an approximate bayesian posterior inference algorithm . specifically , we show how to adjust the tuning parameters of constant sgd to best match the stationary distribution to a posterior , minimizing the kullback - leibler ←
→ comparing published multi - label classifier performance measures to the ones obtained by a simple multi - label baseline classifier ; in supervised learning , simple baseline classifiers can be constructed by only looking at the class , i . e ., ignoring any other information from the dataset . the single - label learning community frequently uses as a reference the one which always predicts the majority class . although a classifier might perform worse than this simple baseline classifier , this behaviour requires a ←
→ a non - rigid map fusion - based rgb - depth slam method for endoscopic capsule robots ; in the gastrointestinal ( gi ) tract endoscopy field , ingestible wireless capsule endoscopy is considered as a minimally invasive novel diagnostic technology to inspect the entire gi tract and to diagnose various diseases and pathologies . since the development of this technology , medical device companies and many groups have made significant progress to turn such passive capsule endoscopes into robotic active capsule endoscop ←
→ the sample complexity of online one - class collaborative filtering ; we consider the online one - class collaborative filtering ( cf ) problem that consists of recommending items to users over time in an online fashion based on positive ratings only . this problem arises when users respond only occasionally to a recommendation with a positive rating , and never with a negative one . we study the impact of the probability of a user responding to a recommendation , p_f , on the sample complexity , i . e ., the number of ra ←
→ a method for determining weights of criterias and alternative of fuzzy group decision making problem ; in this paper , we constructed a model to determine weights of criterias and presented a solution for determining the optimal alternative by using the constructed model and relationship analysis between criterias in fuzzy group decision - making problem with different forms of preference information of decision makers on criterias .←
→ a new approach for super resolution by using web images and fft based image registration ; preserving accuracy is a challenging issue in super resolution images . in this paper , we propose a new fft based image registration algorithm and a sparse based super resolution algorithm to improve the accuracy of super resolution image . given a low resolution image , our approach initially extracts the local descriptors from the input and then the local descriptors from the whole correlated images using the sift al ←
→ estimating the mean number of k - means clusters to form ; utilizing the sample size of a dataset , the random cluster model is employed in order to derive an estimate of the mean number of k - means clusters to form during classification of a dataset .←
→ road extraction by deep residual u - net ; road extraction from aerial images has been a hot research topic in the field of remote sensing image analysis . in this letter , a semantic segmentation neural network which combines the strengths of residual learning and u - net is proposed for road area extraction . the network is built with residual units and has similar architecture to that of u - net . the benefits of this model is two - fold : first , residual units ease training of deep networks . second , the rich skip co ←
→ pure strategy or mixed strategy ? ; mixed strategy eas aim to integrate several mutation operators into a single algorithm . however few theoretical analysis has been made to answer the question whether and when the performance of mixed strategy eas is better than that of pure strategy eas . in theory , the performance of eas can be measured by asymptotic convergence rate and asymptotic hitting time . in this paper , it is proven that given a mixed strategy ( 1 + 1 ) eas consisting of several mutation operators , its ←
→ exploring the structure of a real - time , arbitrary neural artistic stylization network ; in this paper , we present a method which combines the flexibility of the neural algorithm of artistic style with the speed of fast style transfer networks to allow real - time stylization using any content / style image pair . we build upon recent work leveraging conditional instance normalization for multi - style transfer networks by learning to predict the conditional instance normalization parameters directly from a style ←
→ max - product belief propagation for linear programming : applications to combinatorial optimization ; the max - product { belief propagation } ( bp ) is a popular message - passing heuristic for approximating a maximum - a - posteriori ( map ) assignment in a joint distribution represented by a graphical model ( gm ). in the past years , it has been shown that bp can solve a few classes of linear programming ( lp ) formulations to combinatorial optimization problems including maximum weight matching , shortest path and network ←
→ a tutorial on spectral clustering ; in recent years , spectral clustering has become one of the most popular modern clustering algorithms . it is simple to implement , can be solved efficiently by standard linear algebra software , and very often outperforms traditional clustering algorithms such as the k - means algorithm . on the first glance spectral clustering appears slightly mysterious , and it is not obvious to see why it works at all and what it really does . the goal of this tutorial is to give some intuiti ←
→ self - learning to detect and segment cysts in lung ct images without manual annotation ; image segmentation is a fundamental problem in medical image analysis . in recent years , deep neural networks achieve impressive performances on many medical image segmentation tasks by supervised learning on large manually annotated data . however , expert annotations on big medical datasets are tedious , expensive or sometimes unavailable . weakly supervised learning could reduce the effort for annotation but still requir ←
→ bayesian inference for bivariate ranks ; a recommender system based on ranks is proposed , where an expert ' s ranking of a set of objects and a user ' s ranking of a subset of those objects are combined to make a prediction of the user ' s ranking of all objects . the rankings are assumed to be induced by latent continuous variables corresponding to the grades assigned by the expert and the user to the objects . the dependence between the expert and user grades is modelled by a copula in some parametric family . giv ←
→ data mining application for cyber space users tendency in blog writing : a case study ; blogs are the recent emerging media which relies on information technology and technological advance . since the mass media in some less - developed and developing countries are in government service and their policies are developed based on governmental interests , so blogs are provided for ideas and exchanging opinions . in this paper , we highlighted performed simulations from obtained information from 100 users and blogge ←
→ super - resolution of wavelet - encoded images ; multiview super - resolution image reconstruction ( srir ) is often cast as a resampling problem by merging non - redundant data from multiple low - resolution ( lr ) images on a finer high - resolution ( hr ) grid , while inverting the effect of the camera point spread function ( psf ). one main problem with multiview methods is that resampling from nonuniform samples ( provided by lr images ) and the inversion of the psf are highly nonlinear and ill - posed problems . non - linearity ←
→ using descriptive mark - up to formalize translation quality assessment ; the paper deals with using descriptive mark - up to emphasize translation mistakes . the author postulates the necessity to develop a standard and formal xml - based way of describing translation mistakes . it is considered to be important for achieving impersonal translation quality assessment . marked - up translations can be used in corpus translation studies ; moreover , automatic translation assessment based on marked - up mistakes is possible .←
→ a quadratic loss multi - class svm ; using a support vector machine requires to set two types of hyperparameters : the soft margin parameter c and the parameters of the kernel . to perform this model selection task , the method of choice is cross - validation . its leave - one - out variant is known to produce an estimator of the generalization error which is almost unbiased . its major drawback rests in its time requirement . to overcome this difficulty , several upper bounds on the leave - one - out error of the pattern rec ←
→ inference in multiply sectioned bayesian networks with extended shafer - shenoy and lazy propagation ; as bayesian networks are applied to larger and more complex problem domains , search for flexible modeling and more efficient inference methods is an ongoing effort . multiply sectioned bayesian networks ( msbns ) extend the hugin inference for bayesian networks into a coherent framework for flexible modeling and distributed inference . lazy propagation extends the shafer - shenoy and hugin inference methods with ←
→ self - tuned deep super resolution ; deep learning has been successfully applied to image super resolution ( sr ). in this paper , we propose a deep joint super resolution ( djsr ) model to exploit both external and self similarities for sr . a stacked denoising convolutional auto encoder ( sdcae ) is first pre - trained on external examples with proper data augmentations . it is then fine - tuned with multi - scale self examples from each input , where the reliability of self examples is explicitly taken into account . we al ←
→ lifted relax , compensate and then recover : from approximate to exact lifted probabilistic inference ; we propose an approach to lifted approximate inference for first - order probabilistic models , such as markov logic networks . it is based on performing exact lifted inference in a simplified first - order model , which is found by relaxing first - order constraints , and then compensating for the relaxation . these simplified models can be incrementally improved by carefully recovering constraints that have been r ←
→ computerized face detection and recognition ; this publication presents methods for face detection , analysis and recognition : fast normalized cross - correlation ( fast correlation coefficient ) between multiple templates based face pre - detection method , method for detection of exact face contour based on snakes and generalized gradient vector flow field , method for combining recognition algorithms based on cumulative match characteristics in order to increase recognition speed and accuracy , and face recognitio ←
→ directional mean curvature for textured image demixing ; approximation theory plays an important role in image processing , especially image deconvolution and decomposition . for piecewise smooth images , there are many methods that have been developed over the past thirty years . the goal of this study is to devise similar and practical methodology for handling textured images . this problem is motivated by forensic imaging , since fingerprints , shoeprints and bullet ballistic evidence are textured images . in pa ←
→ identifying emotion from natural walking ; emotion identification from gait aims to automatically determine persons affective state , it has attracted a great deal of interests and offered immense potential value in action tendency , health care , psychological detection and human - computer ( robot ) interaction . in this paper , we propose a new method of identifying emotion from natural walking , and analyze the relevance between the traits of walking and affective states . after obtaining the pure acceleration data ←
→ twin networks : matching the future for sequence generation ; we propose a simple technique for encouraging generative rnns to plan ahead . we train a " backward " recurrent network to generate a given sequence in reverse order , and we encourage states of the forward model to predict cotemporal states of the backward model . the backward network is used only during training , and plays no role during sampling or inference . we hypothesize that our approach eases modeling of long - term dependencies by implicitly for ←
→ getting started in probabilistic graphical models ; probabilistic graphical models ( pgms ) have become a popular tool for computational analysis of biological data in a variety of domains . but , what exactly are they and how do they work ? how can we use pgms to discover patterns that are biologically relevant ? and to what extent can pgms help us formulate new hypotheses that are testable at the bench ? this note sketches out some answers and illustrates the main ideas behind the statistical approach to biologi ←
→ bayer demosaicking using optimized mean curvature over rgb channels ; color artifacts of demosaicked images are often found at contours due to interpolation across edges and cross - channel aliasing . to tackle this problem , we propose a novel demosaicking method to reliably reconstruct color channels of a bayer image based on two different optimized mean - curvature ( mc ) models . the missing pixel values in green ( g ) channel are first estimated by minimizing a variational mc model . the curvatures of restored g - i ←
→ fastmmd : ensemble of circular discrepancy for efficient two - sample test ; the maximum mean discrepancy ( mmd ) is a recently proposed test statistic for two - sample test . its quadratic time complexity , however , greatly hampers its availability to large - scale applications . to accelerate the mmd calculation , in this study we propose an efficient method called fastmmd . the core idea of fastmmd is to equivalently transform the mmd with shift - invariant kernels into the amplitude expectation of a linear combination ←
→ fast mixing markov chains for strongly rayleigh measures , dpps , and constrained sampling ; we study probability measures induced by set functions with constraints . such measures arise in a variety of real - world settings , where prior knowledge , resource limitations , or other pragmatic considerations impose constraints . we consider the task of rapidly sampling from such constrained measures , and develop fast markov chain samplers for them . our first main result is for mcmc sampling from strongly rayleigh ( s ←
→ early methods for detecting adversarial images ; many machine learning classifiers are vulnerable to adversarial perturbations . an adversarial perturbation modifies an input to change a classifier ' s prediction without causing the input to seem substantially different to human perception . we deploy three methods to detect adversarial images . adversaries trying to bypass our detectors must make the adversarial image less pathological or they will fail trying . our best detection method reveals that adversarial ←
→ inversenet : solving inverse problems with splitting networks ; we propose a new method that uses deep learning techniques to solve the inverse problems . the inverse problem is cast in the form of learning an end - to - end mapping from observed data to the ground - truth . inspired by the splitting strategy widely used in regularized iterative algorithm to tackle inverse problems , the mapping is decomposed into two networks , with one handling the inversion of the physical forward model associated with the data ter ←
→ learning arbitrary sum - product network leaves with expectation - maximization ; sum - product networks with complex probability distribution at the leaves have been shown to be powerful tractable - inference probabilistic models . however , while learning the internal parameters has been amply studied , learning complex leaf distribution is an open problem with only few results available in special cases . in this paper we derive an efficient method to learn a very large class of leaf distributions with expectation ←
→ benchip : benchmarking intelligence processors ; the increasing attention on deep learning has tremendously spurred the design of intelligence processing hardware . the variety of emerging intelligence processors requires standard benchmarks for fair comparison and system optimization ( in both software and hardware ). however , existing benchmarks are unsuitable for benchmarking intelligence processors due to their non - diversity and nonrepresentativeness . also , the lack of a standard benchmarking methodology fu ←
→ financial portfolio optimization : computationally guided agents to investigate , analyse and invest !? ; financial portfolio optimization is a widely studied problem in mathematics , statistics , financial and computational literature . it adheres to determining an optimal combination of weights associated with financial assets held in a portfolio . in practice , it faces challenges by virtue of varying math . formulations , parameters , business constraints and complex financial instruments . empirical nature of da ←
→ neural networks based eeg - speech models ; in this paper , we propose an end - to - end neural network ( nn ) based eeg - speech ( nes ) modeling framework , in which three network structures are developed to map imagined eeg signals to phonemes . the proposed nes models incorporate a language model based eeg feature extraction layer , an acoustic feature mapping layer , and a restricted boltzmann machine ( rbm ) based the feature learning layer . the nes models can jointly realize the representation of multichannel eeg signa ←
→ a junction tree framework for undirected graphical model selection ; an undirected graphical model is a joint probability distribution defined on an undirected graph g *, where the vertices in the graph index a collection of random variables and the edges encode conditional independence relationships among random variables . the undirected graphical model selection ( ugms ) problem is to estimate the graph g * given observations drawn from the undirected graphical model . this paper proposes a framework for decom ←
→ combinets : learning new classifiers via recombination ; problems with few examples of a new class of objects prove challenging to most classifiers . one solution to is to reuse existing data through transfer methods such as one - shot learning or domain adaption . however these approaches require an explicit hand - authored or learned definition of how reuse can occur . we present an approach called conceptual expansion that learns how to reuse existing machine - learned knowledge when classifying new cases . we eval ←
→ a latent - observed dissimilarity measure ; quantitatively assessing relationships between latent variables and observed variables is important for understanding and developing generative models and representation learning . in this paper , we propose latent - observed dissimilarity ( lod ) to evaluate the dissimilarity between the probabilistic characteristics of latent and observed variables . we also define four essential types of generative models with different independence / conditional independence configuratio ←
→ confounding equivalence in causal inference ; the paper provides a simple test for deciding , from a given causal diagram , whether two sets of variables have the same bias - reducing potential under adjustment . the test requires that one of the following two conditions holds : either ( 1 ) both sets are admissible ( i . e ., satisfy the back - door criterion ) or ( 2 ) the markov boundaries surrounding the manipulated variable ( s ) are identical in both sets . applications to covariate selection and model testing are discuss ←
→ weakly - and self - supervised learning for content - aware deep image retargeting ; this paper proposes a weakly - and self - supervised deep convolutional neural network ( wssdcnn ) for content - aware image retargeting . our network takes a source image and a target aspect ratio , and then directly outputs a retargeted image . retargeting is performed through a shift map , which is a pixel - wise mapping from the source to the target grid . our method implicitly learns an attention map , which leads to a content - aware shi ←
→ bandits with delayed , aggregated anonymous feedback ; we study a variant of the stochastic $ k $- armed bandit problem , which we call " bandits with delayed , aggregated anonymous feedback ". in this problem , when the player pulls an arm , a reward is generated , however it is not immediately observed . instead , at the end of each round the player observes only the sum of a number of previously generated rewards which happen to arrive in the given round . the rewards are stochastically delayed and due to the aggregat ←
→ streaming label learning for modeling labels on the fly ; it is challenging to handle a large volume of labels in multi - label learning . however , existing approaches explicitly or implicitly assume that all the labels in the learning process are given , which could be easily violated in changing environments . in this paper , we define and study streaming label learning ( sll ), i . e ., labels are arrived on the fly , to model newly arrived labels with the help of the knowledge learned from past labels . the core of ←
→ learning accurate low - bit deep neural networks with stochastic quantization ; low - bit deep neural networks ( dnns ) become critical for embedded applications due to their low storage requirement and computing efficiency . however , they suffer much from the non - negligible accuracy drop . this paper proposes the stochastic quantization ( sq ) algorithm for learning accurate low - bit dnns . the motivation is due to the following observation . existing training algorithms approximate the real - valued elements / filters w ←
→ a spatiotemporal oriented energy network for dynamic texture recognition ; this paper presents a novel hierarchical spatiotemporal orientation representation for spacetime image analysis . it is designed to combine the benefits of the multilayer architecture of convnets and a more controlled approach to spacetime analysis . a distinguishing aspect of the approach is that unlike most contemporary convolutional networks no learning is involved ; rather , all design decisions are specified analytically with theore ←
→ mcmc for hierarchical semi - markov conditional random fields ; deep architecture such as hierarchical semi - markov models is an important class of models for nested sequential data . current exact inference schemes either cost cubic time in sequence length , or exponential time in model depth . these costs are prohibitive for large - scale problems with arbitrary length and depth . in this contribution , we propose a new approximation technique that may have the potential to achieve sub - cubic time complexity in leng ←
→ a rotation invariant latent factor model for moveme discovery from static poses ; we tackle the problem of learning a rotation invariant latent factor model when the training data is comprised of lower - dimensional projections of the original feature space . the main goal is the discovery of a set of 3 - d bases poses that can characterize the manifold of primitive human motions , or movemes , from a training set of 2 - d projected poses obtained from still images taken at various camera angles . the proposed tech ←
→ the law of brevity in macaque vocal communication is not an artifact of analyzing mean call durations ; words follow the law of brevity , i . e . more frequent words tend to be shorter . from a statistical point of view , this qualitative definition of the law states that word length and word frequency are negatively correlated . here the recent finding of patterning consistent with the law of brevity in formosan macaque vocal communication ( semple et al ., 2010 ) is revisited . it is shown that the negative correl ←
→ the meta book and size - dependent properties of written language ; evidence is given for a systematic text - length dependence of the power - law index gamma of a single book . the estimated gamma values are consistent with a monotonic decrease from 2 to 1 with increasing length of a text . a direct connection to an extended heap ' s law is explored . the infinite book limit is , as a consequence , proposed to be given by gamma = 1 instead of the value gamma = 2 expected if the zipf ' s law was ubiquitously applicable . in ←
→ maximin safety : when failing to lose is preferable to trying to win ; we present a new decision rule , \ emph { maximin safety }, that seeks to maintain a large margin from the worst outcome , in much the same way minimax regret seeks to minimize distance from the best . we argue that maximin safety is valuable both descriptively and normatively . descriptively , maximin safety explains the well - known \ emph { decoy effect }, in which the introduction of a dominated option changes preferences among the other options . no ←
→ a new belief markov chain model and its application in inventory prediction ; markov chain model is widely applied in many fields , especially the field of prediction . the classical discrete - time markov chain ( dtmc ) is a widely used method for prediction . however , the classical dtmc model has some limitation when the system is complex with uncertain information or state space is not discrete . to address it , a new belief markov chain model is proposed by combining dempster - shafer evidence theory with markov ←
→ improving automated patent claim parsing : dataset , system , and experiments ; off - the - shelf natural language processing software performs poorly when parsing patent claims owing to their use of irregular language relative to the corpora built from news articles and the web typically utilized to train this software . stopping short of the extensive and expensive process of accumulating a large enough dataset to completely retrain parsers for patent claims , a method of adapting existing natural language proce ←
→ towards an unanimous international regulatory body for responsible use of artificial intelligence [ uirb - ai ] ; artificial intelligence ( ai ), is once again in the phase of drastic advancements . unarguably , the technology itself can revolutionize the way we live our everyday life . but the exponential growth of technology poses a daunting task for policy researchers and law makers in making amendments to the existing norms . in addition , not everyone in the society is studying the potential socio - economic intr ←
→ ran4iqa : restorative adversarial nets for no - reference image quality assessment ; inspired by the free - energy brain theory , which implies that human visual system ( hvs ) tends to reduce uncertainty and restore perceptual details upon seeing a distorted image , we propose restorative adversarial net ( ran ), a gan - based model for no - reference image quality assessment ( nr - iqa ). ran , which mimics the process of hvs , consists of three components : a restorator , a discriminator and an evaluator . the restorator rest ←
→ multi - level residual networks from dynamical systems view ; deep residual networks ( resnets ) and their variants are widely used in many computer vision applications and natural language processing tasks . however , the theoretical principles for designing and training resnets are still not fully understood . recently , several points of view have emerged to try to interpret resnet theoretically , such as unraveled view , unrolled iterative estimation and dynamical systems view . in this paper , we adopt the dynamic ←
→ multi - agent q - learning for minimizing demand - supply power deficit in microgrids ; we consider the problem of minimizing the difference in the demand and the supply of power using microgrids . we setup multiple microgrids , that provide electricity to a village . they have access to the batteries that can store renewable power and also the electrical lines from the main grid . during each time period , these microgrids need to take decision on the amount of renewable power to be used from the batteries as well ←
→ provable self - representation based outlier detection in a union of subspaces ; many computer vision tasks involve processing large amounts of data contaminated by outliers , which need to be detected and rejected . while outlier detection methods based on robust statistics have existed for decades , only recently have methods based on sparse and low - rank representation been developed along with guarantees of correct outlier detection when the inliers lie in one or more low - dimensional subspaces . this paper p ←
→ deepwalk : online learning of social representations ; we present deepwalk , a novel approach for learning latent representations of vertices in a network . these latent representations encode social relations in a continuous vector space , which is easily exploited by statistical models . deepwalk generalizes recent advancements in language modeling and unsupervised feature learning ( or deep learning ) from sequences of words to graphs . deepwalk uses local information obtained from truncated random walks to lear ←
→ treating clitics with minimalist grammars ; we propose an extension of stabler ' s version of clitics treatment for a wider coverage of the french language . for this , we present the lexical entries needed in the lexicon . then , we show the recognition of complex syntactic phenomena as ( left and right ) dislo - cation , clitic climbing over modal and extraction from determiner phrase . the aim of this presentation is the syntax - semantic interface for clitics analyses in which we will stress on clitic climbing over ←
→ solving hybrid influence diagrams with deterministic variables ; we describe a framework and an algorithm for solving hybrid influence diagrams with discrete , continuous , and deterministic chance variables , and discrete and continuous decision variables . a continuous chance variable in an influence diagram is said to be deterministic if its conditional distributions have zero variances . the solution algorithm is an extension of shenoy ' s fusion algorithm for discrete influence diagrams . we describe an extend ←
→ autonomous crm control via clv approximation with deep reinforcement learning in discrete and continuous action space ; the paper outlines a framework for autonomous control of a crm ( customer relationship management ) system . first , it explores how a modified version of the widely accepted recency - frequency - monetary value system of metrics can be used to define the state space of clients or donors . second , it describes a procedure to determine the optimal direct marketing action in discrete and continuous ←
→ practical robust estimators for the imprecise dirichlet model ; walley ' s imprecise dirichlet model ( idm ) for categorical i . i . d . data extends the classical dirichlet model to a set of priors . it overcomes several fundamental problems which other approaches to uncertainty suffer from . yet , to be useful in practice , one needs efficient ways for computing the imprecise = robust sets or intervals . the main objective of this work is to derive exact , conservative , and approximate , robust and credible interval estima ←
→ stochastic sequential neural networks with structured inference ; unsupervised structure learning in high - dimensional time series data has attracted a lot of research interests . for example , segmenting and labelling high dimensional time series can be helpful in behavior understanding and medical diagnosis . recent advances in generative sequential modeling have suggested to combine recurrent neural networks with state space models ( e . g ., hidden markov models ). this combination can model not only the long te ←
→ robust deep reinforcement learning with adversarial attacks ; this paper proposes adversarial attacks for reinforcement learning ( rl ) and then improves the robustness of deep reinforcement learning algorithms ( drl ) to parameter uncertainties with the help of these attacks . we show that even a naively engineered attack successfully degrades the performance of drl algorithm . we further improve the attack using gradient information of an engineered loss function which leads to further degradation in performanc ←
→ minimal model of associative learning for cross - situational lexicon acquisition ; an explanation for the acquisition of word - object mappings is the associative learning in a cross - situational scenario . here we present analytical results of the performance of a simple associative learning algorithm for acquiring a one - to - one mapping between $ n $ objects and $ n $ words based solely on the co - occurrence between objects and words . in particular , a learning trial in our learning scenario consists of the presenta ←
→ a unified view of entropy - regularized markov decision processes ; we propose a general framework for entropy - regularized average - reward reinforcement learning in markov decision processes ( mdps ). our approach is based on extending the linear - programming formulation of policy optimization in mdps to accommodate convex regularization functions . our key result is showing that using the conditional entropy of the joint state - action distributions as regularization yields a dual optimization problem closely resem ←
→ lexicon integrated cnn models with attention for sentiment analysis ; with the advent of word embeddings , lexicons are no longer fully utilized for sentiment analysis although they still provide important features in the traditional setting . this paper introduces a novel approach to sentiment analysis that integrates lexicon embeddings and an attention mechanism into convolutional neural networks . our approach performs separate convolutions for word and lexicon embeddings and provides a global view of the d ←
→ natural language inference over interaction space ; natural language inference ( nli ) task requires an agent to determine the logical relationship between a natural language premise and a natural language hypothesis . we introduce interactive inference network ( iin ), a novel class of neural network architectures that is able to achieve high - level understanding of the sentence pair by hierarchically extracting semantic features from interaction space . we show that an interaction tensor ( attention weight ) conta ←
→ how a general - purpose commonsense ontology can improve performance of learning - based image retrieval ; the knowledge representation community has built general - purpose ontologies which contain large amounts of commonsense knowledge over relevant aspects of the world , including useful visual information , e . g .: " a ball is used by a football player ", " a tennis player is located at a tennis court ". current state - of - the - art approaches for visual recognition do not exploit these rule - based knowledge sources . in ←
→ finn : a framework for fast , scalable binarized neural network inference ; research has shown that convolutional neural networks contain significant redundancy , and high classification accuracy can be obtained even when weights and activations are reduced from floating point to binary values . in this paper , we present finn , a framework for building fast and flexible fpga accelerators using a flexible heterogeneous streaming architecture . by utilizing a novel set of optimizations that enable efficient mapping ←
→ an ensemble method to produce high - quality word embeddings ; a currently successful approach to computational semantics is to represent words as embeddings in a machine - learned vector space . we present an ensemble method that combines embeddings produced by glove ( pennington et al ., 2014 ) and word2vec ( mikolov et al ., 2013 ) with structured knowledge from the semantic networks conceptnet ( speer and havasi , 2012 ) and ppdb ( ganitkevitch et al ., 2013 ), merging their information into a common representation with ←
→ early inference in energy - based models approximates back - propagation ; we show that langevin mcmc inference in an energy - based model with latent variables has the property that the early steps of inference , starting from a stationary point , correspond to propagating error gradients into internal layers , similarly to back - propagation . the error that is back - propagated is with respect to visible units that have received an outside driving force pushing them away from the stationary point . back - propagated erro ←
→ dirichlet - vmf mixture model ; this document is about the multi - document von - mises - fisher mixture model with a dirichlet prior , referred to as vmfmix . vmfmix is analogous to latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) in that they can capture the co - occurrence patterns acorss multiple documents . the difference is that in vmfmix , the topic - word distribution is defined on a continuous n - dimensional hypersphere . hence vmfmix is used to derive topic embeddings , i . e ., representative vectors , from multiple sets of embedding ←
→ generalizing consistency and other constraint properties to quantified constraints ; quantified constraints and quantified boolean formulae are typically much more difficult to reason with than classical constraints , because quantifier alternation makes the usual notion of solution inappropriate . as a consequence , basic properties of constraint satisfaction problems ( csp ), such as consistency or substitutability , are not completely understood in the quantified case . these properties are important because ←
→ did evolution get it right ? an evaluation of near - infrared imaging in semantic scene segmentation using deep learning ; animals have evolved to restrict their sensing capabilities to certain region of electromagnetic spectrum . this is surprisingly a very narrow band on a vast scale which makes one think if there is a systematic bias underlying such selective filtration . the situation becomes even more intriguing when we find a sharp cutoff point at near - infrared point whereby almost all animal vision syst ←
→ distributional measures of semantic distance : a survey ; the ability to mimic human notions of semantic distance has widespread applications . some measures rely only on raw text ( distributional measures ) and some rely on knowledge sources such as wordnet . although extensive studies have been performed to compare wordnet - based measures with human judgment , the use of distributional measures as proxies to estimate semantic distance has received little attention . even though they have traditionally performed p ←
→ learning deep embeddings with histogram loss ; we suggest a loss for learning deep embeddings . the new loss does not introduce parameters that need to be tuned and results in very good embeddings across a range of datasets and problems . the loss is computed by estimating two distribution of similarities for positive ( matching ) and negative ( non - matching ) sample pairs , and then computing the probability of a positive pair to have a lower similarity score than a negative pair based on the estimated similarity ←
→ prediction with advice of unknown number of experts ; in the framework of prediction with expert advice , we consider a recently introduced kind of regret bounds : the bounds that depend on the effective instead of nominal number of experts . in contrast to the normalhedge bound , which mainly depends on the effective number of experts and also weakly depends on the nominal one , we obtain a bound that does not contain the nominal number of experts at all . we use the defensive forecasting method and introduce an ←
→ investigating the effect of music and lyrics on spoken - word recognition ; background music in social interaction settings can hinder conversation . yet , little is known of how specific properties of music impact speech processing . this paper addresses this knowledge gap by investigating 1 ) whether the masking effect of background music with lyrics is larger than that of music without lyrics , and 2 ) whether the masking effect is larger for more complex music . to answer these questions , a word identification e ←
→ a kernel theory of modern data augmentation ; data augmentation , a technique in which a training set is expanded with class - preserving transformations , is ubiquitous in modern machine learning pipelines . in this paper , we seek to establish a theoretical framework for understanding modern data augmentation techniques . we start by showing that for kernel classifiers , data augmentation can be approximated by first - order feature averaging and second - order variance regularization components . we connect this gene ←
→ relative comparison kernel learning with auxiliary kernels ; in this work we consider the problem of learning a positive semidefinite kernel matrix from relative comparisons of the form : " object a is more similar to object b than it is to c ", where comparisons are given by humans . existing solutions to this problem assume many comparisons are provided to learn a high quality kernel . however , this can be considered unrealistic for many real - world tasks since relative assessments require human input , which is ←
→ size dependent word frequencies and translational invariance of books ; it is shown that a real novel shares many characteristic features with a null model in which the words are randomly distributed throughout the text . such a common feature is a certain translational invariance of the text . another is that the functional form of the word - frequency distribution of a novel depends on the length of the text in the same way as the null model . this means that an approximate power - law tail ascribed to the data ←
→ a nonparametric sequential test for online randomized experiments ; we propose a nonparametric sequential test that aims to address two practical problems pertinent to online randomized experiments : ( i ) how to do a hypothesis test for complex metrics ; ( ii ) how to prevent type $ 1 $ error inflation under continuous monitoring . the proposed test does not require knowledge of the underlying probability distribution generating the data . we use the bootstrap to estimate the likelihood for blocks of data followed b ←
→ a low cost vision based hybrid fiducial mark tracking technique for mobile industrial robots ; the field of robotic vision is developing rapidly . robots can react intelligently and provide assistance to user activities through sentient computing . since industrial applications pose complex requirements that cannot be handled by humans , an efficient low cost and robust technique is required for the tracking of mobile industrial robots . the existing sensor based techniques for mobile robot tracking are expen ←
→ toward incorporation of relevant documents in word2vec ; recent advances in neural word embedding provide significant benefit to various information retrieval tasks . however as shown by recent studies , adapting the embedding models for the needs of ir tasks can bring considerable further improvements . the embedding models in general define the term relatedness by exploiting the terms ' co - occurrences in short - window contexts . an alternative ( and well - studied ) approach in ir for related terms to a query is us ←
→ autonomous robots and the sp theory of intelligence ; this article is about how the " sp theory of intelligence " and its realisation in the " sp machine " ( both outlined in the article ) may help to solve computer - related problems in the design of autonomous robots , meaning robots that do not depend on external intelligence or power supplies , are mobile , and are designed to exhibit as much human - like intelligence as possible . the article is about : how to increase the computational and energy efficiency of compu ←
→ order - preserving factor analysis ( opfa ) ; we present a novel factor analysis method that can be applied to the discovery of common factors shared among trajectories in multivariate time series data . these factors satisfy a precedence - ordering property : certain factors are recruited only after some other factors are activated . precedence - ordering arise in applications where variables are activated in a specific order , which is unknown . the proposed method is based on a linear model that accounts for each fac ←
→ learning transformations for classification forests ; this work introduces a transformation - based learner model for classification forests . the weak learner at each split node plays a crucial role in a classification tree . we propose to optimize the splitting objective by learning a linear transformation on subspaces using nuclear norm as the optimization criteria . the learned linear transformation restores a low - rank structure for data from the same class , and , at the same time , maximizes the separation be ←
→ multi - content gan for few - shot font style transfer ; in this work , we focus on the challenge of taking partial observations of highly - stylized text and generalizing the observations to generate unobserved glyphs in the ornamented typeface . to generate a set of multi - content images following a consistent style from very few examples , we propose an end - to - end stacked conditional gan model considering content along channels and style along network layers . our proposed network transfers the style of given glyph ←
→ embedding words as distributions with a bayesian skip - gram model ; we introduce a method for embedding words as probability densities in a low - dimensional space . rather than assuming that a word embedding is fixed across the entire text collection , as in standard word embedding methods , in our bayesian model we generate it from a word - specific prior density for each occurrence of a given word . intuitively , for each word , the prior density encodes the distribution of its potential ' meanings '. these prior den ←
→ combining contextual and local edges for line segment extraction in cluttered images ; automatic extraction methods typically assume that line segments are pronounced , thin , few and far between , do not cross each other , and are noise and clutter - free . since these assumptions often fail in realistic scenarios , many line segments are not detected or are fragmented . in more severe cases , i . e ., many who use the hough transform , extraction can fail entirely . in this paper , we propose a method that tackles thes ←
→ without a ' doubt '? unsupervised discovery of downward - entailing operators ; an important part of textual inference is making deductions involving monotonicity , that is , determining whether a given assertion entails restrictions or relaxations of that assertion . for instance , the statement ' we know the epidemic spread quickly ' does not entail ' we know the epidemic spread quickly via fleas ', but ' we doubt the epidemic spread quickly ' entails ' we doubt the epidemic spread quickly via fleas '. here , we present ←
→ approximation algorithms for k - modes clustering ; in this paper , we study clustering with respect to the k - modes objective function , a natural formulation of clustering for categorical data . one of the main contributions of this paper is to establish the connection between k - modes and k - median , i . e ., the optimum of k - median is at most twice the optimum of k - modes for the same categorical data clustering problem . based on this observation , we derive a deterministic algorithm that achieves an approximation fa ←
→ data association for an adaptive multi - target particle filter tracking system ; this paper presents a novel approach to improve the accuracy of tracking multiple objects in a static scene using a particle filter system by introducing a data association step , a state queue for the collection of tracked objects and adaptive parameters to the system . the data association step makes use of the object detection phase and appearance model to determine if the approximated targets given by the particle filter ste ←
→ joint discovery of object states and manipulation actions ; many human activities involve object manipulations aiming to modify the object state . examples of common state changes include full / empty bottle , open / closed door , and attached / detached car wheel . in this work , we seek to automatically discover the states of objects and the associated manipulation actions . given a set of videos for a particular task , we propose a joint model that learns to identify object states and to localize state - modifying acti ←
→ target - quality image compression with recurrent , convolutional neural networks ; we introduce a stop - code tolerant ( sct ) approach to training recurrent convolutional neural networks for lossy image compression . our methods introduce a multi - pass training method to combine the training goals of high - quality reconstructions in areas around stop - code masking as well as in highly - detailed areas . these methods lead to lower true bitrates for a given recursion count , both pre - and post - entropy coding , even usin ←
→ on the expressive power of deep neural networks ; we propose a new approach to the problem of neural network expressivity , which seeks to characterize how structural properties of a neural network family affect the functions it is able to compute . our approach is based on an interrelated set of measures of expressivity , unified by the novel notion of trajectory length , which measures how the output of a network changes as the input sweeps along a one - dimensional path . our findings can be summarized as follo ←
→ towards a unified taxonomy of biclustering methods ; being an unsupervised machine learning and data mining technique , biclustering and its multimodal extensions are becoming popular tools for analysing object - attribute data in different domains . apart from conventional clustering techniques , biclustering is searching for homogeneous groups of objects while keeping their common description , e . g ., in binary setting , their shared attributes . in bioinformatics , biclustering is used to find genes , which are act ←
→ large margin low rank tensor analysis ; other than vector representations , the direct objects of human cognition are generally high - order tensors , such as 2d images and 3d textures . from this fact , two interesting questions naturally arise : how does the human brain represent these tensor perceptions in a " manifold " way , and how can they be recognized on the " manifold "? in this paper , we present a supervised model to learn the intrinsic structure of the tensors embedded in a high dimensional euclidean space .←
→ a general multiblock method for structured variable selection ; regularised canonical correlation analysis was recently extended to more than two sets of variables by the multiblock method regularised generalised canonical correlation analysis ( rgcca ). further , sparse gcca ( sgcca ) was proposed to address the issue of variable selection . however , for technical reasons , the variable selection offered by sgcca was restricted to a covariance link between the blocks ( i . e ., with $\ tau = 1 $). one of the main contrib ←
→ vpgnet : vanishing point guided network for lane and road marking detection and recognition ; in this paper , we propose a unified end - to - end trainable multi - task network that jointly handles lane and road marking detection and recognition that is guided by a vanishing point under adverse weather conditions . we tackle rainy and low illumination conditions , which have not been extensively studied until now due to clear challenges . for example , images taken under rainy days are subject to low illumination , wh ←
→ an analysis of the connections between layers of deep neural networks ; we present an analysis of different techniques for selecting the connection be - tween layers of deep neural networks . traditional deep neural networks use ran - dom connection tables between layers to keep the number of connections small and tune to different image features . this kind of connection performs adequately in supervised deep networks because their values are refined during the training . on the other hand , in unsupervised lear ←
→ online learning in opportunistic spectrum access : a restless bandit approach ; we consider an opportunistic spectrum access ( osa ) problem where the time - varying condition of each channel ( e . g ., as a result of random fading or certain primary users ' activities ) is modeled as an arbitrary finite - state markov chain . at each instance of time , a ( secondary ) user probes a channel and collects a certain reward as a function of the state of the channel ( e . g ., good channel condition results in higher data rate for ←
→ regularized maximum likelihood for intrinsic dimension estimation ; we propose a new method for estimating the intrinsic dimension of a dataset by applying the principle of regularized maximum likelihood to the distances between close neighbors . we propose a regularization scheme which is motivated by divergence minimization principles . we derive the estimator by a poisson process approximation , argue about its convergence properties and apply it to a number of simulated and real datasets . we also show it h ←
→ constructing the l2 - graph for robust subspace learning and subspace clustering ; under the framework of graph - based learning , the key to robust subspace clustering and subspace learning is to obtain a good similarity graph that eliminates the effects of errors and retains only connections between the data points from the same subspace ( i . e ., intra - subspace data points ). recent works achieve good performance by modeling errors into their objective functions to remove the errors from the inputs . however , th ←
→ multi - level feature descriptor for robust texture classification via locality - constrained collaborative strategy ; this paper introduces a simple but highly efficient ensemble for robust texture classification , which can effectively deal with translation , scale and changes of significant viewpoint problems . the proposed method first inherits the spirit of spatial pyramid matching model ( spm ), which is popular for encoding spatial distribution of local features , but in a flexible way , partitioning the orig ←
→ structuring bodies of evidence ; in this article we present two ways of structuring bodies of evidence , which allow us to reduce the complexity of the operations usually performed in the framework of evidence theory . the first structure just partitions the focal elements in a body of evidence by their cardinality . with this structure we are able to reduce the complexity on the calculation of the belief functions bel , pl , and q . the other structure proposed here , the hierarchical trees , permits us to reduce ←
→ a simple , fast and highly - accurate algorithm to recover 3d shape from 2d landmarks on a single image ; three - dimensional shape reconstruction of 2d landmark points on a single image is a hallmark of human vision , but is a task that has been proven difficult for computer vision algorithms . we define a feed - forward deep neural network algorithm that can reconstruct 3d shapes from 2d landmark points almost perfectly ( i . e ., with extremely small reconstruction errors ), even when these 2d landmarks are from a s ←
→ rationalization : a neural machine translation approach to generating natural language explanations ; we introduce ai rationalization , an approach for generating explanations of autonomous system behavior as if a human had performed the behavior . we describe a rationalization technique that uses neural machine translation to translate internal state - action representations of an autonomous agent into natural language . we evaluate our technique in the frogger game environment , training an autonomous game pla ←
→ a smoothed analysis of the greedy algorithm for the linear contextual bandit problem ; bandit learning is characterized by the tension between long - term exploration and short - term exploitation . however , as has recently been noted , in settings in which the choices of the learning algorithm correspond to important decisions about individual people ( such as criminal recidivism prediction , lending , and sequential drug trials ), exploration corresponds to explicitly sacrificing the well - being of one individual ←
→ an interactive medical image segmentation framework using iterative refinement ; image segmentation is often performed on medical images for identifying diseases in clinical evaluation . hence it has become one of the major research areas . conventional image segmentation techniques are unable to provide satisfactory segmentation results for medical images as they contain irregularities . they need to be pre - processed before segmentation . in order to obtain the most suitable method for medical image segmenta ←
→ bioplausible multiscale filtering in retino - cortical processing as a mechanism in perceptual grouping ; why does our visual system fail to reconstruct reality , when we look at certain patterns ? where do geometrical illusions start to emerge in the visual pathway ? how far should we take computational models of vision with the same visual ability to detect illusions as we do ? this study addresses these questions , by focusing on a specific underlying neural mechanism involved in our visual experiences that a ←
→ boosting convolutional features for robust object proposals ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have demonstrated excellent performance in image classification , but still show room for improvement in object - detection tasks with many categories , in particular for cluttered scenes and occlusion . modern detection algorithms like regions with cnns ( girshick et al ., 2014 ) rely on selective search ( uijlings et al ., 2013 ) to propose regions which with high probability represent objects , where in turn cnns ←
→ autonomous 3d reconstruction using a mav ; an approach is proposed for high resolution 3d reconstruction of an object using a micro air vehicle ( mav ). a system is described which autonomously captures images and performs a dense 3d reconstruction via structure from motion with no prior knowledge of the environment . only the mavs own sensors , the front facing camera and the inertial measurement unit ( imu ) are utilized . precision agriculture is considered as an example application for the system .←
→ demorphy , german language morphological analyzer ; demorphy is a morphological analyzer for german . it is built onto large , compactified lexicons from german morphological dictionary . a guesser based on german declension suffixed is also provided . for german , we provided a state - of - art morphological analyzer . demorphy is implemented in python with ease of usability and accompanying documentation . the package is suitable for both academic and commercial purposes wit a permissive licence .←
→ parmac : distributed optimisation of nested functions , with application to learning binary autoencoders ; many powerful machine learning models are based on the composition of multiple processing layers , such as deep nets , which gives rise to nonconvex objective functions . a general , recent approach to optimise such " nested " functions is the method of auxiliary coordinates ( mac ). mac introduces an auxiliary coordinate for each data point in order to decouple the nested model into independent submodels . thi ←
→ hierarchical expertise - level modeling for user specific robot - behavior explanations ; there is a growing interest within the ai research community to develop autonomous systems capable of explaining their behavior to users . one aspect of the explanation generation problem that has yet to receive much attention is the task of explaining plans to users whose level of expertise differ from that of the explainer . we propose an approach for addressing this problem by representing the user ' s model as an abstrac ←
→ cross - lingual morphological tagging for low - resource languages ; morphologically rich languages often lack the annotated linguistic resources required to develop accurate natural language processing tools . we propose models suitable for training morphological taggers with rich tagsets for low - resource languages without using direct supervision . our approach extends existing approaches of projecting part - of - speech tags across languages , using bitext to infer constraints on the possible tags for a given word ←
→ systems of natural - language - facilitated human - robot cooperation : a review ; natural - language - facilitated human - robot cooperation ( nlc ), in which natural language ( nl ) is used to share knowledge between a human and a robot for conducting intuitive human - robot cooperation ( hrc ), is continuously developing in the recent decade . currently , nlc is used in several robotic domains such as manufacturing , daily assistance and health caregiving . it is necessary to summarize current nlc - based robotic systems and dis ←
→ road friction estimation for connected vehicles using supervised machine learning ; in this paper , the problem of road friction prediction from a fleet of connected vehicles is investigated . a framework is proposed to predict the road friction level using both historical friction data from the connected cars and data from weather stations , and comparative results from different methods are presented . the problem is formulated as a classification task where the available data is used to train three machine ←
→ sck : a sparse coding based key - point detector ; all current popular hand - crafted key - point detectors such as harris corner , mser , sift , surf ... rely on some specific pre - designed structures for the detection of corners , blobs , or junctions in an image . in this paper , a novel sparse coding based key - point detector which requires no particular pre - designed structures is presented . the key - point detector is based on measuring the complexity level of each block in an image to decide where a key - point should be .←
→ designing effective inter - pixel information flow for natural image matting ; we present a novel , purely affinity - based natural image matting algorithm . our method relies on carefully defined pixel - to - pixel connections that enable effective use of information available in the image . we control the information flow from the known - opacity regions into the unknown region , as well as within the unknown region itself , by utilizing multiple definitions of pixel affinities . among other forms of information flow , ←
→ a new unbiased and efficient class of lsh - based samplers and estimators for partition function computation in log - linear models ; log - linear models are arguably the most successful class of graphical models for large - scale applications because of their simplicity and tractability . learning and inference with these models require calculating the partition function , which is a major bottleneck and intractable for large state spaces . importance sampling ( is ) and mcmc - based approaches are lucrative . however , ←
→ randomized independent component analysis ; independent component analysis ( ica ) is a method for recovering statistically independent signals from observations of unknown linear combinations of the sources . some of the most accurate ica decomposition methods require searching for the inverse transformation which minimizes different approximations of the mutual information , a measure of statistical independence of random vectors . two such approximations are the kernel generalized variance or the kernel canon ←
→ online model evaluation in a large - scale computational advertising platform ; online media provides opportunities for marketers through which they can deliver effective brand messages to a wide range of audiences . advertising technology platforms enable advertisers to reach their target audience by delivering ad impressions to online users in real time . in order to identify the best marketing message for a user and to purchase impressions at the right price , we rely heavily on bid prediction and optimizat ←
→ three approaches to probability model selection ; this paper compares three approaches to the problem of selecting among probability models to fit data ( 1 ) use of statistical criteria such as akaike ' s information criterion and schwarz ' s " bayesian information criterion ," ( 2 ) maximization of the posterior probability of the model , and ( 3 ) maximization of an effectiveness ratio ? trading off accuracy and computational cost . the unifying characteristic of the approaches is that all can be viewed as maximizing a ←
→ mean field methods for a special class of belief networks ; the chief aim of this paper is to propose mean - field approximations for a broad class of belief networks , of which sigmoid and noisy - or networks can be seen as special cases . the approximations are based on a powerful mean - field theory suggested by plefka . we show that saul , jaakkola and jordan ' s approach is the first order approximation in plefka ' s approach , via a variational derivation . the application of plefka ' s theory to belief networks is no ←
→ voice based self help system : user experience vs accuracy ; in general , self help systems are being increasingly deployed by service based industries because they are capable of delivering better customer service and increasingly the switch is to voice based self help systems because they provide a natural interface for a human to interact with a machine . a speech based self help system ideally needs a speech recognition engine to convert spoken speech to text and in addition a language processing engine to ←
→ a general theory of hypothesis tests and confidence regions for sparse high dimensional models ; we consider the problem of uncertainty assessment for low dimensional components in high dimensional models . specifically , we propose a decorrelated score function to handle the impact of high dimensional nuisance parameters . we consider both hypothesis tests and confidence regions for generic penalized m - estimators . unlike most existing inferential methods which are tailored for individual models , our approac ←
→ dimensionality reduction of collective motion by principal manifolds ; while the existence of low - dimensional embedding manifolds has been shown in patterns of collective motion , the current battery of nonlinear dimensionality reduction methods are not amenable to the analysis of such manifolds . this is mainly due to the necessary spectral decomposition step , which limits control over the mapping from the original high - dimensional space to the embedding space . here , we propose an alternative approach that d ←
→ scalable similarity learning using large margin neighborhood embedding ; classifying large - scale image data into object categories is an important problem that has received increasing research attention . given the huge amount of data , non - parametric approaches such as nearest neighbor classifiers have shown promising results , especially when they are underpinned by a learned distance or similarity measurement . although metric learning has been well studied in the past decades , most existing algorithms are i ←
→ suppressing the unusual : towards robust cnns using symmetric activation functions ; many deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) make incorrect predictions on adversarial samples obtained by imperceptible perturbations of clean samples . we hypothesize that this is caused by a failure to suppress unusual signals within network layers . as remedy we propose the use of symmetric activation functions ( saf ) in non - linear signal transducer units . these units suppress signals of exceptional magnitude . we prove t ←
→ aggregating deep convolutional features for image retrieval ; several recent works have shown that image descriptors produced by deep convolutional neural networks provide state - of - the - art performance for image classification and retrieval problems . it has also been shown that the activations from the convolutional layers can be interpreted as local features describing particular image regions . these local features can be aggregated using aggregation approaches developed for local features ( e . g . fisher vect ←
→ identity matters in deep learning ; an emerging design principle in deep learning is that each layer of a deep artificial neural network should be able to easily express the identity transformation . this idea not only motivated various normalization techniques , such as \ emph { batch normalization }, but was also key to the immense success of \ emph { residual networks }. in this work , we put the principle of \ emph { identity parameterization } on a more solid theoretical footing alongside further empirical progress ←
→ stochastic multidimensional scaling ; multidimensional scaling ( mds ) is a popular dimensionality reduction techniques that has been widely used for network visualization and cooperative localization . however , the traditional stress minimization formulation of mds necessitates the use of batch optimization algorithms that are not scalable to large - sized problems . this paper considers an alternative stochastic stress minimization framework that is amenable to incremental and distributed solutions . a novel lin ←
→ étude longitudinale d ' une procédure de modélisation de connaissances en matière de gestion du territoire agricole ; this paper gives an introduction to this issue , and presents the framework and the main steps of the rosa project . four teams of researchers , agronomists , computer scientists , psychologists and linguists were involved during five years within this project that aimed at the development of a knowledge based system . the purpose of the rosa system is the modelling and the comparison of farm spat ←
→ automatically proving mathematical theorems with evolutionary algorithms and proof assistants ; mathematical theorems are human knowledge able to be accumulated in the form of symbolic representation , and proving theorems has been considered intelligent behavior . based on the bhk interpretation and the curry - howard isomorphism , proof assistants , software capable of interacting with human for constructing formal proofs , have been developed in the past several decades . since proofs can be considered and exp ←
→ assessing binary classifiers using only positive and unlabeled data ; assessing the performance of a learned model is a crucial part of machine learning . however , in some domains only positive and unlabeled examples are available , which prohibits the use of most standard evaluation metrics . we propose an approach to estimate any metric based on contingency tables , including roc and pr curves , using only positive and unlabeled data . estimating these performance metrics is essentially reduced to estimating th ←
→ evaluating the quality of tourist agendas customized to different travel styles ; many tourist applications provide a personalized tourist agenda with the list of recommended activities to the user . these applications must undoubtedly deal with the constraints and preferences that define the user interests . among these preferences , we can find those that define the travel style of the user , such as the rhythm of the trip , the number of visits to include in the tour or the priority to visits of special int ←
→ exploring semantically - related concepts from wikipedia : the case of sere ; in this paper we present our web application sere designed to explore semantically related concepts . wikipedia and dbpedia are rich data sources to extract related entities for a given topic , like in - and out - links , broader and narrower terms , categorisation information etc . we use the wikipedia full text body to compute the semantic relatedness for extracted terms , which results in a list of entities that are most relevant for a top ←
→ learning 3d deformation of animals from 2d images ; understanding how an animal can deform and articulate is essential for a realistic modification of its 3d model . in this paper , we show that such information can be learned from user - clicked 2d images and a template 3d model of the target animal . we present a volumetric deformation framework that produces a set of new 3d models by deforming a template 3d model according to a set of user - clicked images . our framework is based on a novel locally - bounded defo ←
→ semi - supervised knowledge transfer for deep learning from private training data ; some machine learning applications involve training data that is sensitive , such as the medical histories of patients in a clinical trial . a model may inadvertently and implicitly store some of its training data ; careful analysis of the model may therefore reveal sensitive information . to address this problem , we demonstrate a generally applicable approach to providing strong privacy guarantees for training data : private a ←
→ training ibm watson using automatically generated question - answer pairs ; ibm watson is a cognitive computing system capable of question answering in natural languages . it is believed that ibm watson can understand large corpora and answer relevant questions more effectively than any other question - answering system currently available . to unleash the full power of watson , however , we need to train its instance with a large number of well - prepared question - answer pairs . obviously , manually generating such pa ←
→ 23 - bit metaknowledge template towards big data knowledge discovery and management ; the global influence of big data is not only growing but seemingly endless . the trend is leaning towards knowledge that is attained easily and quickly from massive pools of big data . today we are living in the technological world that dr . usama fayyad and his distinguished research fellows discussed in the introductory explanations of knowledge discovery in databases ( kdd ) predicted nearly two decades ago . indeed , they wer ←
→ lower bounds for higher - order convex optimization ; state - of - the - art methods in convex and non - convex optimization employ higher - order derivative information , either implicitly or explicitly . we explore the limitations of higher - order optimization and prove that even for convex optimization , a polynomial dependence on the approximation guarantee and higher - order smoothness parameters is necessary . as a special case , we show nesterov ' s accelerated cubic regularization method to be nearly tight .←
→ key - value retrieval networks for task - oriented dialogue ; neural task - oriented dialogue systems often struggle to smoothly interface with a knowledge base . in this work , we seek to address this problem by proposing a new neural dialogue agent that is able to effectively sustain grounded , multi - domain discourse through a novel key - value retrieval mechanism . the model is end - to - end differentiable and does not need to explicitly model dialogue state or belief trackers . we also release a new dataset of 3 , 031 di ←
→ opinion mining in hindi language : a survey ; opinions are very important in the life of human beings . these opinions helped the humans to carry out the decisions . as the impact of the web is increasing day by day , web documents can be seen as a new source of opinion for human beings . web contains a huge amount of information generated by the users through blogs , forum entries , and social networking websites and so on to analyze this large amount of information it is required to develop a method that automat ←
→ a comparative evaluation of approximate probabilistic simulation and deep neural networks as accounts of human physical scene understanding ; humans demonstrate remarkable abilities to predict physical events in complex scenes . two classes of models for physical scene understanding have recently been proposed : " intuitive physics engines ", or ipes , which posit that people make predictions by running approximate probabilistic simulations in causal mental models similar in nature to video - game physics engine ←
→ asymptotic accuracy of bayes estimation for latent variables with redundancy ; hierarchical parametric models consisting of observable and latent variables are widely used for unsupervised learning tasks . for example , a mixture model is a representative hierarchical model for clustering . from the statistical point of view , the models can be regular or singular due to the distribution of data . in the regular case , the models have the identifiability ; there is one - to - one relation between a probability densi ←
→ concave losses for robust dictionary learning ; traditional dictionary learning methods are based on quadratic convex loss function and thus are sensitive to outliers . in this paper , we propose a generic framework for robust dictionary learning based on concave losses . we provide results on composition of concave functions , notably regarding super - gradient computations , that are key for developing generic dictionary learning algorithms applicable to smooth and non - smooth losses . in order to improve identifi ←
→ fast two - sample testing with analytic representations of probability measures ; we propose a class of nonparametric two - sample tests with a cost linear in the sample size . two tests are given , both based on an ensemble of distances between analytic functions representing each of the distributions . the first test uses smoothed empirical characteristic functions to represent the distributions , the second uses distribution embeddings in a reproducing kernel hilbert space . analyticity implies that differences ←
→ mid - level representation for visual recognition ; visual recognition is one of the fundamental challenges in ai , where the goal is to understand the semantics of visual data . employing mid - level representation , in particular , shifted the paradigm in visual recognition . the mid - level image / video representation involves discovering and training a set of mid - level visual patterns ( e . g ., parts and attributes ) and represent a given image / video utilizing them . the mid - level patterns can be extracted from images a ←
→ a hybrid word - character model for abstractive summarization ; abstractive summarization is the popular research topic nowadays . due to the difference in language property , chinese summarization also gains lots of attention . most of studies use character - based representation instead of word - based to keep out the error introduced by word segmentation and oov problem . however , we believe that word - based representation can capture the semantics of the articles more accurately . we proposed a hybrid word - characte ←
→ segmenting dna sequence into ` words ' ; this paper presents a novel method to segment / decode dna sequences based on n - grams statistical language model . firstly , we find the length of most dna ' words ' is 12 to 15 bps by analyzing the genomes of 12 model species . then we design an unsupervised probability based approach to segment the dna sequences . the benchmark of segmenting method is also proposed .←
→ neural stain - style transfer learning using gan for histopathological images ; performance of data - driven network for tumor classification varies with stain - style of histopathological images . this article proposes the stain - style transfer ( sst ) model based on conditional generative adversarial networks ( gans ) which is to learn not only the certain color distribution but also the corresponding histopathological pattern . our model considers feature - preserving loss in addition to well - known gan loss . conseque ←
→ complex optimization in answer set programming ; preference handling and optimization are indispensable means for addressing non - trivial applications in answer set programming ( asp ). however , their implementation becomes difficult whenever they bring about a significant increase in computational complexity . as a consequence , existing asp systems do not offer complex optimization capacities , supporting , for instance , inclusion - based minimization or pareto efficiency . rather , such complex criteria are typical ←
→ attribute - guided network for cross - modal zero - shot hashing ; zero - shot hashing aims at learning a hashing model that is trained only by instances from seen categories but can generate well to those of unseen categories . typically , it is achieved by utilizing a semantic embedding space to transfer knowledge from seen domain to unseen domain . existing efforts mainly focus on single - modal retrieval task , especially image - based image retrieval ( ibir ). however , as a highlighted research topic in the field of has ←
→ an automated text categorization framework based on hyperparameter optimization ; a great variety of text tasks such as topic or spam identification , user profiling , and sentiment analysis can be posed as a supervised learning problem and tackle using a text classifier . a text classifier consists of several subprocesses , some of them are general enough to be applied to any supervised learning problem , whereas others are specifically designed to tackle a particular task , using complex and computational exp ←
→ joint spatial - angular sparse coding for dmri with separable dictionaries ; diffusion mri ( dmri ) provides the ability to reconstruct neuronal fibers in the brain , $\ textit { in vivo }$, by measuring water diffusion along angular gradient directions in $ q $- space . high angular resolution diffusion imaging ( hardi ) can produce better estimates of fiber orientation than the popularly used diffusion tensor imaging , but the high number of samples needed to estimate diffusivity requires lengthy patient scan times . to a ←
→ system identification and modeling for interacting and non - interacting tank systems using intelligent techniques ; system identification from the experimental data plays a vital role for model based controller design . derivation of process model from first principles is often difficult due to its complexity . the first stage in the development of any control and monitoring system is the identification and modeling of the system . each model is developed within the context of a specific control problem . thus ←
→ scalable joint models for reliable uncertainty - aware event prediction ; missing data and noisy observations pose significant challenges for reliably predicting events from irregularly sampled multivariate time series ( longitudinal ) data . imputation methods , which are typically used for completing the data prior to event prediction , lack a principled mechanism to account for the uncertainty due to missingness . alternatively , state - of - the - art joint modeling techniques can be used for jointly modeling the long ←
→ computationally efficient robust estimation of sparse functionals ; many conventional statistical procedures are extremely sensitive to seemingly minor deviations from modeling assumptions . this problem is exacerbated in modern high - dimensional settings , where the problem dimension can grow with and possibly exceed the sample size . we consider the problem of robust estimation of sparse functionals , and provide a computationally and statistically efficient algorithm in the high - dimensional setting . our theor ←
→ metonymy interpretation using x no y examples ; we developed on example - based method of metonymy interpretation . one advantages of this method is that a hand - built database of metonymy is not necessary because it instead uses examples in the form `` noun x no noun y ( noun y of noun x ).'' another advantage is that we will be able to interpret newly - coined metonymic sentences by using a new corpus . we experimented with metonymy interpretation and obtained a precision rate of 66 % when using this method .←
→ learning topic models by neighborhood aggregation ; topic models are one of the most frequently used models in machine learning due to its high interpretability and modular structure . however extending the model to include supervisory signal , incorporate pre - trained word embedding vectors and add nonlinear output function to the model is not an easy task because one has to resort to highly intricate approximate inference procedure . in this paper , we show that topic models could be viewed as performing a nei ←
→ the evolution of sentiment analysis - a review of research topics , venues , and top cited papers ; sentiment analysis is one of the fastest growing research areas in computer science , making it challenging to keep track of all the activities in the area . we present a computer - assisted literature review , where we utilize both text mining and qualitative coding , and analyze 6 , 996 papers from scopus . we find that the roots of sentiment analysis are in the studies on public opinion analysis at the beginning of ←
→ candidate sentence selection for language learning exercises : from a comprehensive framework to an empirical evaluation ; we present a framework and its implementation relying on natural language processing methods , which aims at the identification of exercise item candidates from corpora . the hybrid system combining heuristics and machine learning methods includes a number of relevant selection criteria . we focus on two fundamental aspects : linguistic complexity and the dependence of the extracted senten ←
→ smote : synthetic minority over - sampling technique ; an approach to the construction of classifiers from imbalanced datasets is described . a dataset is imbalanced if the classification categories are not approximately equally represented . often real - world data sets are predominately composed of " normal " examples with only a small percentage of " abnormal " or " interesting " examples . it is also the case that the cost of misclassifying an abnormal ( interesting ) example as a normal example is often much higher th ←
→ efficient noisy optimisation with the sliding window compact genetic algorithm ; the compact genetic algorithm is an estimation of distribution algorithm for binary optimisation problems . unlike the standard genetic algorithm , no cross - over or mutation is involved . instead , the compact genetic algorithm uses a virtual population represented as a probability distribution over the set of binary strings . at each optimisation iteration , exactly two individuals are generated by sampling from the distribution , ←
→ massive exploration of neural machine translation architectures ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) has shown remarkable progress over the past few years with production systems now being deployed to end - users . one major drawback of current architectures is that they are expensive to train , typically requiring days to weeks of gpu time to converge . this makes exhaustive hyperparameter search , as is commonly done with other neural network architectures , prohibitively expensive . in this work , we present the fi ←
→ enhancing volumetric bouligand - minkowski fractal descriptors by using functional data analysis ; this work proposes and study the concept of functional data analysis transform , applying it to the performance improving of volumetric bouligand - minkowski fractal descriptors . the proposed transform consists essentially in changing the descriptors originally defined in the space of the calculus of fractal dimension into the space of coefficients used in the functional data representation of these descriptors . ←
→ grammatical evolution with restarts for fast fractal generation ; in a previous work , the authors proposed a grammatical evolution algorithm to automatically generate lindenmayer systems which represent fractal curves with a pre - determined fractal dimension . this paper gives strong statistical evidence that the probability distributions of the execution time of that algorithm exhibits a heavy tail with an hyperbolic probability decay for long executions , which explains the erratic performance of different e ←
→ a metric for software vulnerabilities classification ; vulnerability discovery and exploits detection are two wide areas of study in software engineering . this preliminary work tries to combine existing methods with machine learning techniques to define a metric classification of vulnerable computer programs . first a feature set has been defined and later two models have been tested against real world vulnerabilities . a relation between the classifier choice and the features has also been outlined .←
→ permuted nmf : a simple algorithm intended to minimize the volume of the score matrix ; non - negative matrix factorization , nmf , attempts to find a number of archetypal response profiles , or parts , such that any sample profile in the dataset can be approximated by a close profile among these archetypes or a linear combination of these profiles . the non - negativity constraint is imposed while estimating archetypal profiles , due to the non - negative nature of the observed signal . apart from non negativity , a vo ←
→ subspace clustering using ensembles of $ k $- subspaces ; we present a novel approach to the subspace clustering problem that leverages ensembles of the $ k $- subspaces ( kss ) algorithm via the evidence accumulation clustering framework . our algorithm forms a co - association matrix whose $( i , j )$ th entry is the number of times points $ i $ and $ j $ are clustered together by several runs of kss with random initializations . we analyze the entries of this co - association matrix and show that a naive version of our algorit ←
→ amtnet : action - micro - tube regression by end - to - end trainable deep architecture ; dominant approaches to action detection can only provide sub - optimal solutions to the problem , as they rely on seeking frame - level detections , to later compose them into " action tubes " in a post - processing step . with this paper we radically depart from current practice , and take a first step towards the design and implementation of a deep network architecture able to classify and regress whole video subsets , so providing a tr ←
→ beetle antennae search without parameter tuning ( bas - wpt ) for multi - objective optimization ; beetle antennae search ( bas ) is an efficient meta - heuristic algorithm inspired by foraging behaviors of beetles . this algorithm includes several parameters for tuning and the existing results are limited to solve single objective optimization . this work pushes forward the research on bas by providing one variant that releases the tuning parameters and is able to handle multi - objective optimization . this new approa ←
→ single image super - resolution using self - optimizing mask via fractional - order gradient interpolation and reconstruction ; image super - resolution using self - optimizing mask via fractional - order gradient interpolation and reconstruction aims to recover detailed information from low - resolution images and reconstruct them into high - resolution images . due to the limited amount of data and information retrieved from low - resolution images , it is difficult to restore clear , artifact - free images , while still prese ←
→ large - scale quadratically constrained quadratic program via low - discrepancy sequences ; we consider the problem of solving a large - scale quadratically constrained quadratic program . such problems occur naturally in many scientific and web applications . although there are efficient methods which tackle this problem , they are mostly not scalable . in this paper , we develop a method that transforms the quadratic constraint into a linear form by sampling a set of low - discrepancy points . the transformed problem ←
→ cross - domain self - supervised multi - task feature learning using synthetic imagery ; in human learning , it is common to use multiple sources of information jointly . however , most existing feature learning approaches learn from only a single task . in this paper , we propose a novel multi - task deep network to learn generalizable high - level visual representations . since multi - task learning requires annotations for multiple properties of the same training instance , we look to synthetic images to train our networ ←
→ evaluation of semantic web technologies for storing computable definitions of electronic health records phenotyping algorithms ; electronic health records are electronic data generated during or as a byproduct of routine patient care . structured , semi - structured and unstructured ehr offer researchers unprecedented phenotypic breadth and depth and have the potential to accelerate the development of precision medicine approaches at scale . a main ehr use - case is defining phenotyping algorithms that identify ←
→ deep unsupervised clustering with gaussian mixture variational autoencoders ; we study a variant of the variational autoencoder model ( vae ) with a gaussian mixture as a prior distribution , with the goal of performing unsupervised clustering through deep generative models . we observe that the known problem of over - regularisation that has been shown to arise in regular vaes also manifests itself in our model and leads to cluster degeneracy . we show that a heuristic called minimum information constraint that ←
→ a unifying framework in vector - valued reproducing kernel hilbert spaces for manifold regularization and co - regularized multi - view learning ; this paper presents a general vector - valued reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ( rkhs ) framework for the problem of learning an unknown functional dependency between a structured input space and a structured output space . our formulation encompasses both vector - valued manifold regularization and co - regularized multi - view learning , providing in particular a unifying fra ←
→ approximate nearest neighbor fields in video ; we introduce riann ( ring intersection approximate nearest neighbor search ), an algorithm for matching patches of a video to a set of reference patches in real - time . for each query , riann finds potential matches by intersecting rings around key points in appearance space . its search complexity is reversely correlated to the amount of temporal change , making it a good fit for videos , where typically most patches change slowly with time . experiments show that rian ←
→ evaluating the word - expert approach for named - entity disambiguation ; named entity disambiguation ( ned ) is the task of linking a named - entity mention to an instance in a knowledge - base , typically wikipedia . this task is closely related to word - sense disambiguation ( wsd ), where the supervised word - expert approach has prevailed . in this work we present the results of the word - expert approach to ned , where one classifier is built for each target entity mention string . the resources necessary to build the syste ←
→ on polynomial time methods for exact low rank tensor completion ; in this paper , we investigate the sample size requirement for exact recovery of a high order tensor of low rank from a subset of its entries . we show that a gradient descent algorithm with initial value obtained from a spectral method can , in particular , reconstruct a ${ d \ times d \ times d }$ tensor of multilinear ranks $( r , r , r )$ with high probability from as few as $ o ( r ^{ 7 / 2 } d ^{ 3 / 2 }\ log ^{ 7 / 2 } d + r ^ 7d \ log ^ 6d )$ entries . in the case when the ranks $←
→ vehicle routing problem with vector profits ( vrpvp ) with max - min criterion ; this paper introduces a new routing problem referred to as the vehicle routing problem with vector profits . given a network composed of nodes ( depot / sites ) and arcs connecting the nodes , the problem determines routes that depart from the depot , visit sites to collect profits , and return to the depot . there are multiple stakeholders interested in the mission and each site is associated with a vector whose k - th element represents t ←
→ a brain - like cognitive process with shared methods ; this paper describes a new entropy - style of equation that may be useful in a general sense , but can be applied to a cognitive model with related processes . the model is based on the human brain , with automatic and distributed pattern activity . methods for carrying out the different processes are suggested . the main purpose of this paper is to reaffirm earlier research on different knowledge - based and experience - based clustering techniques . the overall arc ←
→ still not there ? comparing traditional sequence - to - sequence models to encoder - decoder neural networks on monotone string translation tasks ; we analyze the performance of encoder - decoder neural models and compare them with well - known established methods . the latter represent different classes of traditional approaches that are applied to the monotone sequence - to - sequence tasks ocr post - correction , spelling correction , grapheme - to - phoneme conversion , and lemmatization . such tasks are of practical relevance ←
→ average drift analysis and population scalability ; this paper aims to study how the population size affects the computation time of evolutionary algorithms in a rigorous way . the computation time of an evolutionary algorithm can be measured by either the expected number of generations ( hitting time ) or the expected number of fitness evaluations ( running time ) to find an optimal solution . population scalability is the ratio of the expected hitting time between a benchmark algorithm and an algorithm using a ←
→ dependence space of matroids and its application to attribute reduction ; attribute reduction is a basic issue in knowledge representation and data mining . rough sets provide a theoretical foundation for the issue . matroids generalized from matrices have been widely used in many fields , particularly greedy algorithm design , which plays an important role in attribute reduction . therefore , it is meaningful to combine matroids with rough sets to solve the optimization problems . in this paper , we introduce an e ←
→ coloring black boxes : visualization of neural network decisions ; neural networks are commonly regarded as black boxes performing incomprehensible functions . for classification problems networks provide maps from high dimensional feature space to k - dimensional image space . images of training vector are projected on polygon vertices , providing visualization of network function . such visualization may show the dynamics of learning , allow for comparison of different networks , display training vectors around wh ←
→ counterfactual reasoning and learning systems ; this work shows how to leverage causal inference to understand the behavior of complex learning systems interacting with their environment and predict the consequences of changes to the system . such predictions allow both humans and algorithms to select changes that improve both the short - term and long - term performance of such systems . this work is illustrated by experiments carried out on the ad placement system associated with the bing search engine .←
→ prediction with expert advice by following the perturbed leader for general weights ; when applying aggregating strategies to prediction with expert advice , the learning rate must be adaptively tuned . the natural choice of sqrt ( complexity / current loss ) renders the analysis of weighted majority derivatives quite complicated . in particular , for arbitrary weights there have been no results proven so far . the analysis of the alternative " follow the perturbed leader " ( fpl ) algorithm from kalai ( 2003 } ( based on ←
→ hierarchical text generation and planning for strategic dialogue ; end - to - end models for strategic dialogue are challenging to train , because linguistic and strategic aspects are entangled in latent state vectors . we introduce an approach to generating latent representations of dialogue moves , by inducing sentence representations to maximize the likelihood of subsequent sentences and actions . the effect is to decouple much of the semantics of the utterance from its linguistic realisation . we then use these ←
→ an attentive sequence model for adverse drug event extraction from biomedical text ; adverse reaction caused by drugs is a potentially dangerous problem which may lead to mortality and morbidity in patients . adverse drug event ( ade ) extraction is a significant problem in biomedical research . we model ade extraction as a question - answering problem and take inspiration from machine reading comprehension ( mrc ) literature , to design our model . our objective in designing such a model , is to exploit the local l ←
→ multi - label image recognition by recurrently discovering attentional regions ; this paper proposes a novel deep architecture to address multi - label image recognition , a fundamental and practical task towards general visual understanding . current solutions for this task usually rely on an extra step of extracting hypothesis regions ( i . e ., region proposals ), resulting in redundant computation and sub - optimal performance . in this work , we achieve the interpretable and contextualized multi - label image classif ←
→ xml matchers : approaches and challenges ; schema matching , i . e . the process of discovering semantic correspondences between concepts adopted in different data source schemas , has been a key topic in database and artificial intelligence research areas for many years . in the past , it was largely investigated especially for classical database models ( e . g ., e / r schemas , relational databases , etc .). however , in the latest years , the widespread adoption of xml in the most disparate application fields pushed a gro ←
→ a dataset to evaluate the representations learned by video prediction models ; we present a parameterized synthetic dataset called moving symbols to support the objective study of video prediction networks . using several instantiations of the dataset in which variation is explicitly controlled , we highlight issues in an existing state - of - the - art approach and propose the use of a performance metric with greater semantic meaning to improve experimental interpretability . our dataset provides canonical test c ←
→ topology guaranteed segmentation of the human retina from oct using convolutional neural networks ; optical coherence tomography ( oct ) is a noninvasive imaging modality which can be used to obtain depth images of the retina . the changing layer thicknesses can thus be quantified by analyzing these oct images , moreover these changes have been shown to correlate with disease progression in multiple sclerosis . recent automated retinal layer segmentation tools use machine learning methods to perform pixel - wise ←
→ fair comparison of skin detection approaches on publicly available datasets ; skin detection is the process of discriminating skin and non - skin regions in a digital image and it is widely used in several applications ranging from hand gesture analysis to tracking body parts and face detection . skin detection is a challenging problem which has drawn extensive attention from the research community , nevertheless a fair comparison among approaches is very difficult due to the lack of a common benchmark and a ←
→ learning grimaces by watching tv ; differently from computer vision systems which require explicit supervision , humans can learn facial expressions by observing people in their environment . in this paper , we look at how similar capabilities could be developed in machine vision . as a starting point , we consider the problem of relating facial expressions to objectively measurable events occurring in videos . in particular , we consider a gameshow in which contestants play to win significant sums of money . we ex ←
→ multi - way monte carlo method for linear systems ; we study the monte carlo method for solving a linear system of the form $ x = h x + b $. a sufficient condition for the method to work is $\| h \| < 1 $, which greatly limits the usability of this method . we improve this condition by proposing a new multi - way markov random walk , which is a generalization of the standard markov random walk . under our new framework we prove that the necessary and sufficient condition for our method to work is the spectral radius ←
→ parametric exponential linear unit for deep convolutional neural networks ; object recognition is an important task for improving the ability of visual systems to perform complex scene understanding . recently , the exponential linear unit ( elu ) has been proposed as a key component for managing bias shift in convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), but defines a parameter that must be set by hand . in this paper , we propose learning a parameterization of elu in order to learn the proper activation shape at each ←
→ sample complexity of multi - task reinforcement learning ; transferring knowledge across a sequence of reinforcement - learning tasks is challenging , and has a number of important applications . though there is encouraging empirical evidence that transfer can improve performance in subsequent reinforcement - learning tasks , there has been very little theoretical analysis . in this paper , we introduce a new multi - task algorithm for a sequence of reinforcement - learning tasks when each task is sampled independently fr ←
→ local directional relation pattern for unconstrained and robust face retrieval ; face recognition is still a very demanding area of research . this problem becomes more challenging in unconstrained environment and in the presence of several variations like pose , illumination , expression , etc . local descriptors are widely used for this task . the existing local descriptors are not able to utilize the wider local information to make the descriptor more discriminative . the wider local information based descrip ←
→ diet networks : thin parameters for fat genomics ; learning tasks such as those involving genomic data often poses a serious challenge : the number of input features can be orders of magnitude larger than the number of training examples , making it difficult to avoid overfitting , even when using the known regularization techniques . we focus here on tasks in which the input is a description of the genetic variation specific to a patient , the single nucleotide polymorphisms ( snps ), yielding millions of ternary i ←
→ part - of - speech tagging for code - mixed indian social media text at icon 2015 ; this paper discusses the experiments carried out by us at jadavpur university as part of the participation in icon 2015 task : pos tagging for code - mixed indian social media text . the tool that we have developed for the task is based on trigram hidden markov model that utilizes information from dictionary as well as some other word level features to enhance the observation probabilities of the known tokens as well as unknown toke ←
→ a disentangled recognition and nonlinear dynamics model for unsupervised learning ; this paper takes a step towards temporal reasoning in a dynamically changing video , not in the pixel space that constitutes its frames , but in a latent space that describes the non - linear dynamics of the objects in its world . we introduce the kalman variational auto - encoder , a framework for unsupervised learning of sequential data that disentangles two latent representations : an object ' s representation , coming from a recog ←
→ decayed mcmc filtering ; filtering --- estimating the state of a partially observable markov process from a sequence of observations --- is one of the most widely studied problems in control theory , ai , and computational statistics . exact computation of the posterior distribution is generally intractable for large discrete systems and for nonlinear continuous systems , so a good deal of effort has gone into developing robust approximation algorithms . this paper describes a simple stochastic approximation algorit ←
→ argumentation semantics for prioritised default logic ; we endow prioritised default logic ( pdl ) with argumentation semantics using the aspic + framework for structured argumentation , and prove that the conclusions of the justified arguments are exactly the prioritised default extensions . argumentation semantics for pdl will allow for the application of argument game proof theories to the process of inference in pdl , making the reasons for accepting a conclusion transparent and the inference process more int ←
→ multimodal latent variable analysis ; consider a set of multiple , multimodal sensors capturing a complex system or a physical phenomenon of interest . our primary goal is to distinguish the underlying sources of variability manifested in the measured data . the first step in our analysis is to find the common source of variability present in all sensor measurements . we base our work on a recent paper , which tackles this problem with alternating diffusion ( ad ). in this work , we suggest to further the analysis ←
→ recognizing combinations of facial action units with different intensity using a mixture of hidden markov models and neural network ; facial action coding system consists of 44 action units ( aus ) and more than 7000 combinations . hidden markov models ( hmms ) classifier has been used successfully to recognize facial action units ( aus ) and expressions due to its ability to deal with au dynamics . however , a separate hmm is necessary for each single au and each au combination . since combinations of au numbering ←
→ energy - based models for video anomaly detection ; automated detection of abnormalities in data has been studied in research area in recent years because of its diverse applications in practice including video surveillance , industrial damage detection and network intrusion detection . however , building an effective anomaly detection system is a non - trivial task since it requires to tackle challenging issues of the shortage of annotated data , inability of defining anomaly objects explicitly and the expensive c ←
→ design of intelligent layer for flexible querying in databases ; computer - based information technologies have been extensively used to help many organizations , private companies , and academic and education institutions manage their processes and information systems hereby become their nervous centre . the explosion of massive data sets created by businesses , science and governments necessitates intelligent and more powerful computing paradigms so that users can benefit from this data . therefore most new - gene ←
→ algorithmic robustness for learning via $( ε , γ , τ )$- good similarity functions ; the notion of metric plays a key role in machine learning problems such as classification , clustering or ranking . however , it is worth noting that there is a severe lack of theoretical guarantees that can be expected on the generalization capacity of the classifier associated to a given metric . the theoretical framework of $(\ epsilon , \ gamma , \ tau )$- good similarity functions ( balcan et al ., 2008 ) has been one of the first atte ←
→ a game - theoretic machine learning approach for revenue maximization in sponsored search ; sponsored search is an important monetization channel for search engines , in which an auction mechanism is used to select the ads shown to users and determine the prices charged from advertisers . there have been several pieces of work in the literature that investigate how to design an auction mechanism in order to optimize the revenue of the search engine . however , due to some unrealistic assumptions used , the pract ←
→ biotracker : an open - source computer vision framework for visual animal tracking ; the study of animal behavior increasingly relies on ( semi -) automatic methods for the extraction of relevant behavioral features from video or picture data . to date , several specialized software products exist to detect and track animals ' positions in simple ( laboratory ) environments . tracking animals in their natural environments , however , often requires substantial customization of the image processing algorithms to the pr ←
→ deciding when to stop : efficient stopping of active learning guided drug - target prediction ; active learning has shown to reduce the number of experiments needed to obtain high - confidence drug - target predictions . however , in order to actually save experiments using active learning , it is crucial to have a method to evaluate the quality of the current prediction and decide when to stop the experimentation process . only by applying reliable stoping criteria to active learning , time and costs in the experime ←
→ deep - carving : discovering visual attributes by carving deep neural nets ; most of the approaches for discovering visual attributes in images demand significant supervision , which is cumbersome to obtain . in this paper , we aim to discover visual attributes in a weakly supervised setting that is commonly encountered with contemporary image search engines . deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have enjoyed remarkable success in vision applications recently . however , in a weakly supervised scenario , widely ←
→ entanglement zoo ii : examples in physics and cognition ; we have recently presented a general scheme enabling quantum modeling of different types of situations that violate bell ' s inequalities . in this paper , we specify this scheme for a combination of two concepts . we work out a quantum hilbert space model where ' entangled measurements ' occur in addition to the expected ' entanglement between the component concepts ', or ' state entanglement '. we extend this result to a macroscopic physical entity , the ' conne ←
→ a novel variational model for image registration using gaussian curvature ; image registration is one important task in many image processing applications . it aims to align two or more images so that useful information can be extracted through comparison , combination or superposition . this is achieved by constructing an optimal trans - formation which ensures that the template image becomes similar to a given reference image . although many models exist , designing a model capable of modelling large and smoo ←
→ towards music captioning : generating music playlist descriptions ; descriptions are often provided along with recommendations to help users ' discovery . recommending automatically generated music playlists ( e . g . personalised playlists ) introduces the problem of generating descriptions . in this paper , we propose a method for generating music playlist descriptions , which is called as music captioning . in the proposed method , audio content analysis and natural language processing are adopted to utilise the info ←
→ structured deep hashing with convolutional neural networks for fast person re - identification ; given a pedestrian image as a query , the purpose of person re - identification is to identify the correct match from a large collection of gallery images depicting the same person captured by disjoint camera views . the critical challenge is how to construct a robust yet discriminative feature representation to capture the compounded variations in pedestrian appearance . to this end , deep learning methods have been ←
→ knowledge structures and evidential reasoning in decision analysis ; the roles played by decision factors in making complex subject are decisions are characterized by how these factors affect the overall decision . evidence that partially matches a factor is evaluated , and then effective computational rules are applied to these roles to form an appropriate aggregation of the evidence . the use of this technique supports the expression of deeper levels of causality , and may also preserve the cognitive structur ←
→ named entity recognition using conditional random fields with non - local relational constraints ; we begin by introducing the computer science branch of natural language processing , then narrowing the attention on its subbranch of information extraction and particularly on named entity recognition , discussing briefly its main methodological approaches . it follows an introduction to state - of - the - art conditional random fields under the form of linear chains . subsequently , the idea of constrained inference as ←
→ simultaneous traffic sign detection and boundary estimation using convolutional neural network ; we propose a novel traffic sign detection system that simultaneously estimates the location and precise boundary of traffic signs using convolutional neural network ( cnn ). estimating the precise boundary of traffic signs is important in navigation systems for intelligent vehicles where traffic signs can be used as 3d landmarks for road environment . previous traffic sign detection systems , including recent meth ←
→ an elu network with total variation for image denoising ; in this paper , we propose a novel convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for image denoising , which uses exponential linear unit ( elu ) as the activation function . we investigate the suitability by analyzing elu ' s connection with trainable nonlinear reaction diffusion model ( tnrd ) and residual denoising . on the other hand , batch normalization ( bn ) is indispensable for residual denoising and convergence purpose . however , direct stacking of bn and elu degra ←
→ boltzmann - machine learning of prior distributions of binarized natural images ; prior distributions of binarized natural images are learned by using a boltzmann machine . according the results of this study , there emerges a structure with two sublattices in the interactions , and the nearest - neighbor and next - nearest - neighbor interactions correspondingly take two discriminative values , which reflects the individual characteristics of the three sets of pictures that we process . meanwhile , in a longer spatial ←
→ decorrelation of neutral vector variables : theory and applications ; in this paper , we propose novel strategies for neutral vector variable decorrelation . two fundamental invertible transformations , namely serial nonlinear transformation and parallel nonlinear transformation , are proposed to carry out the decorrelation . for a neutral vector variable , which is not multivariate gaussian distributed , the conventional principal component analysis ( pca ) cannot yield mutually independent scalar variables . with th ←
→ exploiters - based knowledge extraction in object - oriented knowledge representation ; this paper contains the consideration of knowledge extraction mechanisms of such object - oriented knowledge representation models as frames , object - oriented programming and object - oriented dynamic networks . in addition , conception of universal exploiters within object - oriented dynamic networks is also discussed . the main result of the paper is introduction of new exploiters - based knowledge extraction approach , which provide ←
→ a spectral - spatial fusion model for robust blood pulse waveform extraction in photoplethysmographic imaging ; photoplethysmographic imaging is a camera - based solution for non - contact cardiovascular monitoring from a distance . this technology enables monitoring in situations where contact - based devices may be problematic or infeasible , such as ambulatory , sleep , and multi - individual monitoring . however , extracting the blood pulse waveform signal is challenging due to the unknown mixture of relevant ( pulsat ←
→ efficient sparse subspace clustering by nearest neighbour filtering ; sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ) has been used extensively for subspace identification tasks due to its theoretical guarantees and relative ease of implementation . however ssc has quadratic computation and memory requirements with respect to the number of input data points . this burden has prohibited sscs use for all but the smallest datasets . to overcome this we propose a new method , k - ssc , that screens out a large number of data points ←
→ transductive rademacher complexity and its applications ; we develop a technique for deriving data - dependent error bounds for transductive learning algorithms based on transductive rademacher complexity . our technique is based on a novel general error bound for transduction in terms of transductive rademacher complexity , together with a novel bounding technique for rademacher averages for particular algorithms , in terms of their " unlabeled - labeled " representation . this technique is relevant to many advanced ←
→ enabling depth - driven visual attention on the icub humanoid robot : instructions for use and new perspectives ; the importance of depth perception in the interactions that humans have within their nearby space is a well established fact . consequently , it is also well known that the possibility of exploiting good stereo information would ease and , in many cases , enable , a large variety of attentional and interactive behaviors on humanoid robotic platforms . however , the difficulty of computing real - time and ←
→ clamping improves trw and mean field approximations ; we examine the effect of clamping variables for approximate inference in undirected graphical models with pairwise relationships and discrete variables . for any number of variable labels , we demonstrate that clamping and summing approximate sub - partition functions can lead only to a decrease in the partition function estimate for trw , and an increase for the naive mean field method , in each case guaranteeing an improvement in the approximation and bound .←
→ domain adaptation meets disentangled representation learning and style transfer ; in order to solve the unsupervised domain adaptation problem , some methods based on adversarial learning are proposed recently . these methods greatly attract people ' s eyes because of the better ability to learn the common representation space so that the feature distributions among many domains are ambiguous and non - discriminative . although there are many discussions and results , the success of the methods implicitly funds o ←
→ protecting jpeg images against adversarial attacks ; as deep neural networks ( dnns ) have been integrated into critical systems , several methods to attack these systems have been developed . these adversarial attacks make imperceptible modifications to an image that fool dnn classifiers . we present an adaptive jpeg encoder which defends against many of these attacks . experimentally , we show that our method produces images with high visual quality while greatly reducing the potency of state - of - the - art attacks .←
→ kernel diff - hash ; this paper presents a kernel formulation of the recently introduced diff - hash algorithm for the construction of similarity - sensitive hash functions . our kernel diff - hash algorithm that shows superior performance on the problem of image feature descriptor matching .←
→ detection of outer rotations on 3d - vector fields with iterative geometric correlation and its efficiency ; correlation is a common technique for the detection of shifts . its generalization to the multidimensional geometric correlation in clifford algebras has been proven a useful tool for color image processing , because it additionally contains information about a rotational misalignment . but so far the exact correction of a three - dimensional outer rotation could only be achieved in certain special cases .←
→ how the voynich manuscript was created ; the voynich manuscript is a medieval book written in an unknown script . this paper studies the relation between similarly spelled words in the voynich manuscript . by means of a detailed analysis of similar spelled words it was possible to reveal the text generation method used for the voynich manuscript .←
→ deep learning representation using autoencoder for 3d shape retrieval ; we study the problem of how to build a deep learning representation for 3d shape . deep learning has shown to be very effective in variety of visual applications , such as image classification and object detection . however , it has not been successfully applied to 3d shape recognition . this is because 3d shape has complex structure in 3d space and there are limited number of 3d shapes for feature learning . to address these problems , we pro ←
→ enhanced biologically inspired model for image recognition based on a novel patch selection method with moment ; biologically inspired model ( bim ) for image recognition is a robust computational architecture , which has attracted widespread attention . bim can be described as a four - layer structure based on the mechanisms of the visual cortex . although the performance of bim for image recognition is robust , it takes the randomly selected ways for the patch selection , which is sightless , and results in heavy ←
→ holstep : a machine learning dataset for higher - order logic theorem proving ; large computer - understandable proofs consist of millions of intermediate logical steps . the vast majority of such steps originate from manually selected and manually guided heuristics applied to intermediate goals . so far , machine learning has generally not been used to filter or generate these steps . in this paper , we introduce a new dataset based on higher - order logic ( hol ) proofs , for the purpose of developing new machine lear ←
→ discriminative neural sentence modeling by tree - based convolution ; this paper proposes a tree - based convolutional neural network ( tbcnn ) for discriminative sentence modeling . our models leverage either constituency trees or dependency trees of sentences . the tree - based convolution process extracts sentences ' structural features , and these features are aggregated by max pooling . such architecture allows short propagation paths between the output layer and underlying feature detectors , which enables effectiv ←
→ training a network to attend like human drivers saves it from common but misleading loss functions ; we proposed a novel fcn - convlstm model to predict multi - focal human driver ' s attention merely from monocular dash camera videos . our model has surpassed the state - of - the - art performance and demonstrated sophisticated behaviors such as watching out for a driver exiting from a parked car . in addition , we have demonstrated a surprising paradox : fine - tuning alexnet on a largescale driving dataset degraded its ←
→ fusing multiple multiband images ; we consider the problem of fusing an arbitrary number of multiband , i . e ., panchromatic , multispectral , or hyperspectral , images belonging to the same scene . we use the well - known forward observation and linear mixture models with gaussian perturbations to formulate the maximum - likelihood estimator of the endmember abundance matrix of the fused image . we calculate the fisher information matrix for this estimator and examine the conditions for the uniqueness of the estimator ←
→ sol : a library for scalable online learning algorithms ; sol is an open - source library for scalable online learning algorithms , and is particularly suitable for learning with high - dimensional data . the library provides a family of regular and sparse online learning algorithms for large - scale binary and multi - class classification tasks with high efficiency , scalability , portability , and extensibility . sol was implemented in c ++, and provided with a collection of easy - to - use command - line tools , python wrapper ←
→ uncertainty measurement with belief entropy on interference effect in quantum - like bayesian networks ; social dilemmas have been regarded as the essence of evolution game theory , in which the prisoner ' s dilemma game is the most famous metaphor for the problem of cooperation . recent findings revealed people ' s behavior violated the sure thing principle in such games . classic probability methodologies have difficulty explaining the underlying mechanisms of people ' s behavior . in this paper , a novel quantum - li ←
→ automatic document image binarization using bayesian optimization ; document image binarization is often a challenging task due to various forms of degradation . although there exist several binarization techniques in literature , the binarized image is typically sensitive to control parameter settings of the employed technique . this paper presents an automatic document image binarization algorithm to segment the text from heavily degraded document images . the proposed technique uses a two band - pass filtering ←
→ uncovering delayed patterns in noisy and irregularly sampled time series : an astronomy application ; we study the problem of estimating the time delay between two signals representing delayed , irregularly sampled and noisy versions of the same underlying pattern . we propose and demonstrate an evolutionary algorithm for the ( hyper ) parameter estimation of a kernel - based technique in the context of an astronomical problem , namely estimating the time delay between two gravitationally lensed signals from a dis ←
→ statistical patterns in written language ; quantitative linguistics has been allowed , in the last few decades , within the admittedly blurry boundaries of the field of complex systems . a growing host of applied mathematicians and statistical physicists devote their efforts to disclose regularities , correlations , patterns , and structural properties of language streams , using techniques borrowed from statistics and information theory . overall , results can still be categorized as modest , but the prospects are p ←
→ a novel hybrid approach for cephalometric landmark detection ; cephalometric analysis has an important role in dentistry and especially in orthodontics as a treatment planning tool to gauge the size and special relationships of the teeth , jaws and cranium . the first step of using such analyses is localizing some important landmarks known as cephalometric landmarks on craniofacial in x - ray image . the past decade has seen a growing interest in automating this process . in this paper , a novel hybrid approach is ←
→ causal inference on discrete data using additive noise models ; inferring the causal structure of a set of random variables from a finite sample of the joint distribution is an important problem in science . recently , methods using additive noise models have been suggested to approach the case of continuous variables . in many situations , however , the variables of interest are discrete or even have only finitely many states . in this work we extend the notion of additive noise models to these cases . we prove t ←
→ a maximal tractable class of soft constraints ; many researchers in artificial intelligence are beginning to explore the use of soft constraints to express a set of ( possibly conflicting ) problem requirements . a soft constraint is a function defined on a collection of variables which associates some measure of desirability with each possible combination of values for those variables . however , the crucial question of the computational complexity of finding the optimal solution to a collection of soft constra ←
→ non - rigid object tracking via deep multi - scale spatial - temporal discriminative saliency maps ; in this paper we propose an effective non - rigid object tracking method based on spatial - temporal consistent saliency detection . in contrast to most existing trackers that use a bounding box to specify the tracked target , the proposed method can extract the accurate regions of the target as tracking output , which achieves better description of the non - rigid objects while reduces background pollution to the target ←
→ ksr : a semantic representation of knowledge graph within a novel unsupervised paradigm ; knowledge representation is a long - history topic in ai , which is very important . a variety of models have been proposed for knowledge graph embedding , which projects symbolic entities and relations into continuous vector space . however , most related methods merely focus on the data - fitting of knowledge graph , and ignore the interpretable semantic expression . thus , traditional embedding methods are not friendly for app ←
→ regularized dynamic boltzmann machine with delay pruning for unsupervised learning of temporal sequences ; we introduce delay pruning , a simple yet powerful technique to regularize dynamic boltzmann machines ( dybm ). the recently introduced dybm provides a particularly structured boltzmann machine , as a generative model of a multi - dimensional time - series . this boltzmann machine can have infinitely many layers of units but allows exact inference and learning based on its biologically motivated structure . dy ←
→ pushing stochastic gradient towards second - order methods -- backpropagation learning with transformations in nonlinearities ; recently , we proposed to transform the outputs of each hidden neuron in a multi - layer perceptron network to have zero output and zero slope on average , and use separate shortcut connections to model the linear dependencies instead . we continue the work by firstly introducing a third transformation to normalize the scale of the outputs of each hidden neuron , and secondly by analyzin ←
→ graph embedding with rich information through heterogeneous network ; graph embedding has attracted increasing attention due to its critical application in social network analysis . most existing algorithms for graph embedding only rely on the typology information and fail to use the copious information in nodes as well as edges . as a result , their performance for many tasks may not be satisfactory . in this paper , we proposed a novel and general framework of representation learning for graph with rich text i ←
→ depth information guided crowd counting for complex crowd scenes ; it is important to monitor and analyze crowd events for the sake of city safety . in an edof ( extended depth of field ) image with a crowded scene , the distribution of people is highly imbalanced . people far away from the camera look much smaller and often occlude each other heavily , while people close to the camera look larger . in such a case , it is difficult to accurately estimate the number of people by using one technique . in this paper , w ←
→ benchmarks , performance evaluation and contests for 3d shape retrieval ; benchmarking of 3d shape retrieval allows developers and researchers to compare the strengths of different algorithms on a standard dataset . here we describe the procedures involved in developing a benchmark and issues involved . we then discuss some of the current 3d shape retrieval benchmarks efforts of our group and others . we also review the different performance evaluation measures that are developed and used by researchers in the ←
→ out - distribution training confers robustness to deep neural networks ; the easiness at which adversarial instances can be generated in deep neural networks raises some fundamental questions on their functioning and concerns on their use in critical systems . in this paper , we draw a connection between over - generalization and adversaries : a possible cause of adversaries lies in models designed to make decisions all over the input space , leading to inappropriate high - confidence decisions in parts of the input ←
→ automatic face recognition from video ; the objective of this work is to automatically recognize faces from video sequences in a realistic , unconstrained setup in which illumination conditions are extreme and greatly changing , viewpoint and user motion pattern have a wide variability , and video input is of low quality . at the centre of focus are face appearance manifolds : this thesis presents a significant advance of their understanding and application in the sphere of face recognition . the two main contrib ←
→ sparsity - based defense against adversarial attacks on linear classifiers ; deep neural networks represent the state of the art in machine learning in a growing number of fields , including vision , speech and natural language processing . however , recent work raises important questions about the robustness of such architectures , by showing that it is possible to induce classification errors through tiny , almost imperceptible , perturbations . vulnerability to such " adversarial attacks ", or " adversarial examples "←
→ unit dependency graph and its application to arithmetic word problem solving ; math word problems provide a natural abstraction to a range of natural language understanding problems that involve reasoning about quantities , such as interpreting election results , news about casualties , and the financial section of a newspaper . units associated with the quantities often provide information that is essential to support this reasoning . this paper proposes a principled way to capture and reason about units and ←
→ coding cells of digital spaces : a framework to write generic digital topology algorithms ; this paper proposes a concise coding of the cells of n - dimensional finite regular grids . it induces a simple , generic and efficient framework for implementing classical digital topology data structures and algorithms . discrete subsets of multidimensional images ( e . g . regions , digital surfaces , cubical cell complexes ) have then a common and compact representation . moreover , algorithms have a straightforward and effic ←
→ friends and enemies of clinton and trump : using context for detecting stance in political tweets ; stance detection , the task of identifying the speaker ' s opinion towards a particular target , has attracted the attention of researchers . this paper describes a novel approach for detecting stance in twitter . we define a set of features in order to consider the context surrounding a target of interest with the final aim of training a model for predicting the stance towards the mentioned targets . in particular ←
→ prediction using note text : synthetic feature creation with word2vec ; word2vec affords a simple yet powerful approach of extracting quantitative variables from unstructured textual data . over half of healthcare data is unstructured and therefore hard to model without involved expertise in data engineering and natural language processing . word2vec can serve as a bridge to quickly gather intelligence from such data sources . in this study , we ran 650 megabytes of unstructured , medical chart notes from the p ←
→ context - aware analytics in mom applications ; manufacturing operations management ( mom ) systems are complex in the sense that they integrate data from heterogeneous systems inside the automation pyramid . the need for context - aware analytics arises from the dynamics of these systems that influence data generation and hamper comparability of analytics , especially predictive models ( e . g . predictive maintenance ), where concept drift affects application of these models in the future . recently , an increasing amou ←
→ similarity learning via adaptive regression and its application to image retrieval ; we study the problem of similarity learning and its application to image retrieval with large - scale data . the similarity between pairs of images can be measured by the distances between their high dimensional representations , and the problem of learning the appropriate similarity is often addressed by distance metric learning . however , distance metric learning requires the learned metric to be a psd matrix , which is compu ←
→ face synthesis ( fasy ) system for determining the characteristics of a face image ; this paper aims at determining the characteristics of a face image by extracting its components . the fasy ( face synthesis ) system is a face database retrieval and new face generation system that is under development . one of its main features is the generation of the requested face when it is not found in the existing database , which allows a continuous growing of the database also . to generate the new face image , we need to ←
→ learning to detect and track visible and occluded body joints in a virtual world ; multi - people tracking in an open - world setting requires a special effort in precise detection . moreover , temporal continuity in the detection phase gains more importance when scene cluttering introduces the challenging problems of occluded targets . for the purpose , we propose a deep network architecture that jointly extracts people body parts and associates them across short temporal spans . our model explicitly deals with o ←
→ genetic programming , validation sets , and parsimony pressure ; fitness functions based on test cases are very common in genetic programming ( gp ). this process can be assimilated to a learning task , with the inference of models from a limited number of samples . this paper is an investigation on two methods to improve generalization in gp - based learning : 1 ) the selection of the best - of - run individuals using a three data sets methodology , and 2 ) the application of parsimony pressure in order to reduce the comp ←
→ when are kalman - filter restless bandits indexable ? ; we study the restless bandit associated with an extremely simple scalar kalman filter model in discrete time . under certain assumptions , we prove that the problem is indexable in the sense that the whittle index is a non - decreasing function of the relevant belief state . in spite of the long history of this problem , this appears to be the first such proof . we use results about schur - convexity and mechanical words , which are particular binary strings intima ←
→ speculative parallel evaluation of classification trees on gpgpu compute engines ; we examine the problem of optimizing classification tree evaluation for on - line and real - time applications by using gpus . looking at trees with continuous attributes often used in image segmentation , we first put the existing algorithms for serial and data - parallel evaluation on solid footings . we then introduce a speculative parallel algorithm designed for single instruction , multiple data ( simd ) architectures commonly fou ←
→ towards a rigorous science of interpretable machine learning ; as machine learning systems become ubiquitous , there has been a surge of interest in interpretable machine learning : systems that provide explanation for their outputs . these explanations are often used to qualitatively assess other criteria such as safety or non - discrimination . however , despite the interest in interpretability , there is very little consensus on what interpretable machine learning is and how it should be measured . in this positi ←
→ teaching categories to human learners with visual explanations ; we study the problem of computer - assisted teaching with explanations . conventional approaches for machine teaching typically only provide feedback at the instance level e . g ., the category or label of the instance . however , it is intuitive that clear explanations from a knowledgeable teacher can significantly improve a student ' s ability to learn a new concept . to address these existing limitations , we propose a teaching framework that provides ←
→ perception driven texture generation ; this paper investigates a novel task of generating texture images from perceptual descriptions . previous work on texture generation focused on either synthesis from examples or generation from procedural models . generating textures from perceptual attributes have not been well studied yet . meanwhile , perceptual attributes , such as directionality , regularity and roughness are important factors for human observers to describe a texture . in this paper , we propose a joint ←
→ value - directed belief state approximation for pomdps ; we consider the problem belief - state monitoring for the purposes of implementing a policy for a partially - observable markov decision process ( pomdp ), specifically how one might approximate the belief state . other schemes for belief - state approximation ( e . g ., based on minimixing a measures such as kl - diveregence between the true and estimated state ) are not necessarily appropriate for pomdps . instead we propose a framework for analyzing value - directed ap ←
→ devnagari handwritten numeral recognition using geometric features and statistical combination classifier ; this paper presents a devnagari numerical recognition method based on statistical discriminant functions . 17 geometric features based on pixel connectivity , lines , line directions , holes , image area , perimeter , eccentricity , solidity , orientation etc . are used for representing the numerals . five discriminant functions viz . linear , quadratic , diaglinear , diagquadratic and mahalanobis distance are use ←
→ image retargetability ; real - world applications could benefit from the ability to automatically retarget an image to different aspect ratios and resolutions , while preserving its visually and semantically important content . however , not all images can be equally well processed that way . in this work , we introduce the notion of image retargetability to describe how well a particular image can be handled by content - aware image retargeting . we propose to learn a deep convolutional neural network to rank photo ←
→ markov chain truncation for doubly - intractable inference ; computing partition functions , the normalizing constants of probability distributions , is often hard . variants of importance sampling give unbiased estimates of a normalizer z , however , unbiased estimates of the reciprocal 1 / z are harder to obtain . unbiased estimates of 1 / z allow markov chain monte carlo sampling of " doubly - intractable " distributions , such as the parameter posterior for markov random fields or exponential random graphs . we demonstra ←
→ strongly - typed agents are guaranteed to interact safely ; as artificial agents proliferate , it is becoming increasingly important to ensure that their interactions with one another are well - behaved . in this paper , we formalize a common - sense notion of when algorithms are well - behaved : an algorithm is safe if it does no harm . motivated by recent progress in deep learning , we focus on the specific case where agents update their actions according to gradient descent . the first result is that gradient descent c ←
→ can pretrained neural networks detect anatomy ? ; convolutional neural networks demonstrated outstanding empirical results in computer vision and speech recognition tasks where labeled training data is abundant . in medical imaging , there is a huge variety of possible imaging modalities and contrasts , where annotated data is usually very scarce . we present two approaches to deal with this challenge . a network pretrained in a different domain with abundant data is used as a feature extractor , while a subsequen ←
→ optimizing auto - correlation for fast target search in large search space ; in remote sensing image - blurring is induced by many sources such as atmospheric scatter , optical aberration , spatial and temporal sensor integration . the natural blurring can be exploited to speed up target search by fast template matching . in this paper , we synthetically induce additional non - uniform blurring to further increase the speed of the matching process . to avoid loss of accuracy , the amount of synthetic blurring is varied ←
→ disentangling group and link persistence in dynamic stochastic block models ; we study the inference of a model of dynamic networks in which both communities and links keep memory of previous network states . by considering maximum likelihood inference from single snapshot observations of the network , we show that link persistence makes the inference of communities harder , decreasing the detectability threshold , while community persistence tends to make it easier . we analytically show that communities infe ←
→ icon challenge on algorithm selection ; we present the results of the icon challenge on algorithm selection .←
→ unsupervised learning of depth and motion ; we present a model for the joint estimation of disparity and motion . the model is based on learning about the interrelations between images from multiple cameras , multiple frames in a video , or the combination of both . we show that learning depth and motion cues , as well as their combinations , from data is possible within a single type of architecture and a single type of learning algorithm , by using biologically inspired " complex cell " like units , which encode co ←
→ smoothing proximal gradient method for general structured sparse learning ; we study the problem of learning high dimensional regression models regularized by a structured - sparsity - inducing penalty that encodes prior structural information on either input or output sides . we consider two widely adopted types of such penalties as our motivating examples : 1 ) overlapping group lasso penalty , based on the l1 / l2 mixed - norm penalty , and 2 ) graph - guided fusion penalty . for both types of penalties , due to their n ←
→ high accuracy human activity monitoring using neural network ; this paper presents the designing of a neural network for the classification of human activity . a triaxial accelerometer sensor , housed in a chest worn sensor unit , has been used for capturing the acceleration of the movements associated . all the three axis acceleration data were collected at a base station pc via a cc2420 2 . 4ghz ism band radio ( zigbee wireless compliant ), processed and classified using matlab . a neural network approach for clas ←
→ let features decide for themselves : feature mask network for person re - identification ; person re - identification aims at establishing the identity of a pedestrian from a gallery that contains images of multiple people obtained from a multi - camera system . many challenges such as occlusions , drastic lighting and pose variations across the camera views , indiscriminate visual appearances , cluttered backgrounds , imperfect detections , motion blur , and noise make this task highly challenging . while most approach ←
→ spatial - spectral boosting analysis for stroke patients ' motor imagery eeg in rehabilitation training ; current studies about motor imagery based rehabilitation training systems for stroke subjects lack an appropriate analytic method , which can achieve a considerable classification accuracy , at the same time detects gradual changes of imagery patterns during rehabilitation process and disinters potential mechanisms about motor function recovery . in this study , we propose an adaptive boosting algorithm base ←
→ topic modeling based on keywords and context ; current topic models often suffer from discovering topics not matching human intuition , unnatural switching of topics within documents and high computational demands . we address these concerns by proposing a topic model and an inference algorithm based on automatically identifying characteristic keywords for topics . keywords influence topic - assignments of nearby words . our algorithm learns ( key ) word - topic scores and it self - regulates the number of topics . infer ←
→ provable alternating gradient descent for non - negative matrix factorization with strong correlations ; non - negative matrix factorization is a basic tool for decomposing data into the feature and weight matrices under non - negativity constraints , and in practice is often solved in the alternating minimization framework . however , it is unclear whether such algorithms can recover the ground - truth feature matrix when the weights for different features are highly correlated , which is common in applications . thi ←
→ bayesian reconstruction of missing observations ; we focus on an interpolation method referred to bayesian reconstruction in this paper . whereas in standard interpolation methods missing data are interpolated deterministically , in bayesian reconstruction , missing data are interpolated probabilistically using a bayesian treatment . in this paper , we address the framework of bayesian reconstruction and its application to the traffic data reconstruction problem in the field of traffic engineering . in the latter ←
→ diffusion nets ; non - linear manifold learning enables high - dimensional data analysis , but requires out - of - sample - extension methods to process new data points . in this paper , we propose a manifold learning algorithm based on deep learning to create an encoder , which maps a high - dimensional dataset and its low - dimensional embedding , and a decoder , which takes the embedded data back to the high - dimensional space . stacking the encoder and decoder together constructs an autoencoder , which we term a diffusion net ←
→ fast algorithm for low - rank matrix recovery in poisson noise ; this paper describes a fast algorithm for recovering low - rank matrices from their linear measurements contaminated with poisson noise : the poisson noise maximum likelihood singular value thresholding ( pmlsv ) algorithm . we propose a convex optimization formulation with a cost function consisting of the sum of a likelihood function and a regularization function which the nuclear norm of the matrix . instead of solving the optimization problem direc ←
→ an approach for resource sharing in multilingual nlp ; in this paper we describe an approach for the analysis of documents in german and english with a shared pool of resources . for the analysis of german documents we use a document suite , which supports the user in tasks like information retrieval and information extraction . the core of the document suite is based on our tool xdoc . now we want to exploit these methods for the analysis of english documents as well . for this aim we need a multilingual presen ←
→ applying cooperative machine learning to speed up the annotation of social signals in large multi - modal corpora ; scientific disciplines , such as behavioural psychology , anthropology and recently social signal processing are concerned with the systematic exploration of human behaviour . a typical work - flow includes the manual annotation ( also called coding ) of social signals in multi - modal corpora of considerable size . for the involved annotators this defines an exhausting and time - consuming task . in the a ←
→ nearly optimal sampling algorithms for combinatorial pure exploration ; we study the combinatorial pure exploration problem best - set in stochastic multi - armed bandits . in a best - set instance , we are given $ n $ arms with unknown reward distributions , as well as a family $\ mathcal { f }$ of feasible subsets over the arms . our goal is to identify the feasible subset in $\ mathcal { f }$ with the maximum total mean using as few samples as possible . the problem generalizes the classical best arm identification problem a ←
→ natural color image enhancement based on modified multiscale retinex algorithm and performance evaluation usingwavelet energy ; this paper presents a new color image enhancement technique based on modified multiscale retinex ( msr ) algorithm and visual quality of the enhanced images are evaluated using a new metric , namely , wavelet energy . the color image enhancement is achieved by down sampling the value component of hsv color space converted image into three scales ( normal , medium and fine ) following the ←
→ noise mitigation for neural entity typing and relation extraction ; in this paper , we address two different types of noise in information extraction models : noise from distant supervision and noise from pipeline input features . our target tasks are entity typing and relation extraction . for the first noise type , we introduce multi - instance multi - label learning algorithms using neural network models , and apply them to fine - grained entity typing for the first time . this gives our models comparable performance ←
→ encoding cryptographic functions to sat using transalg system ; in this paper we propose the technology for constructing propositional encodings of discrete functions . it is aimed at solving inversion problems of considered functions using state - of - the - art sat solvers . we implemented this technology in the form of the software system called transalg , and used it to construct sat encodings for a number of cryptanalysis problems . by applying sat solvers to these encodings we managed to invert several cryptogr ←
→ local similarities , global coding : an algorithm for feature coding and its applications ; data coding as a building block of several image processing algorithms has been received great attention recently . indeed , the importance of the locality assumption in coding approaches is studied in numerous works and several methods are proposed based on this concept . we probe this assumption and claim that taking the similarity between a data point and a more global set of anchor points does not necessarily weaken ←
→ sparsemap : differentiable sparse structured inference ; structured prediction requires searching over a combinatorial number of structures . to tackle it , we introduce sparsemap , a new method for sparse structured inference , together with corresponding loss functions . sparsemap inference is able to automatically select only a few global structures : it is situated between map inference , which picks a single structure , and marginal inference , which assigns probability mass to all structures , including implausi ←
→ query answering with inconsistent existential rules under stable model semantics ; traditional inconsistency - tolerent query answering in ontology - based data access relies on selecting maximal components of an abox / database which are consistent with the ontology . however , some rules in ontologies might be unreliable if they are extracted from ontology learning or written by unskillful knowledge engineers . in this paper we present a framework of handling inconsistent existential rules under stable model sem ←
→ object detection on dynamic occupancy grid maps using deep learning and automatic label generation ; we tackle the problem of object detection and pose estimation in a shared space downtown environment . for perception multiple laser scanners with 360 {\ deg } coverage were fused in a dynamic occupancy grid map ( dogma ). a single - stage deep convolutional neural network is trained to provide object hypotheses comprising of shape , position , orientation and an existence score from a single input dogma . furthermor ←
→ stochastic answer networks for machine reading comprehension ; we propose a simple yet robust stochastic answer network ( san ) that simulates multi - step reasoning in machine reading comprehension . compared to previous work such as reasonet , the unique feature is the use of a kind of stochastic prediction dropout on the answer module ( final layer ) of the neural network during the training . we show that this simple trick improves robustness and achieves results competitive to the state - of - the - art on the stanfo ←
→ using genetic algorithm in the evolutionary design of sequential logic circuits ; evolvable hardware ( ehw ) is a set of techniques that are based on the idea of combining reconfiguration hardware systems with evolutionary algorithms . in other word , ehw has two sections ; the reconfigurable hardware and evolutionary algorithm where the configurations are under the control of an evolutionary algorithm . this paper , suggests a method to design and optimize the synchronous sequential circuits . genetic algorithm ←
→ avaliação da doença de alzheimer pela análise multiespectral de imagens dw - mr por redes rbf como alternativa aos mapas adc ; alzheimer ' s disease is the most common cause of dementia , yet difficult to accurately diagnose without the use of invasive techniques , particularly at the beginning of the disease . this work addresses the classification and analysis of multispectral synthetic images composed by diffusion - weighted magnetic resonance brain volumes for evaluation of the area of cerebrospinal fluid and ←
→ toward mention detection robustness with recurrent neural networks ; one of the key challenges in natural language processing ( nlp ) is to yield good performance across application domains and languages . in this work , we investigate the robustness of the mention detection systems , one of the fundamental tasks in information extraction , via recurrent neural networks ( rnns ). the advantage of rnns over the traditional approaches is their capacity to capture long ranges of context and implicitly adapt the word e ←
→ towards the limit of network quantization ; network quantization is one of network compression techniques to reduce the redundancy of deep neural networks . it reduces the number of distinct network parameter values by quantization in order to save the storage for them . in this paper , we design network quantization schemes that minimize the performance loss due to quantization given a compression ratio constraint . we analyze the quantitative relation of quantization errors to the neural network loss function ←
→ interpatient respiratory motion model transfer for virtual reality simulations of liver punctures ; current virtual reality ( vr ) training simulators of liver punctures often rely on static 3d patient data and use an unrealistic ( sinusoidal ) periodic animation of the respiratory movement . existing methods for the animation of breathing motion support simple mathematical or patient - specific , estimated breathing models . however with personalized breathing models for each new patient , a heavily dose relevant ←
→ multi - labelled value networks for computer go ; this paper proposes a new approach to a novel value network architecture for the game go , called a multi - labelled ( ml ) value network . in the ml value network , different values ( win rates ) are trained simultaneously for different settings of komi , a compensation given to balance the initiative of playing first . the ml value network has three advantages , ( a ) it outputs values for different komi , ( b ) it supports dynamic komi , and ( c ) it lowers the mean squared er ←
→ digital libraries , conceptual knowledge systems , and the nebula interface ; concept analysis provides a principled approach to effective management of wide area information systems , such as the nebula file system and interface . this not only offers evidence to support the assertion that a digital library is a bounded collection of incommensurate information sources in a logical space , but also sheds light on techniques for collaboration through coordinated access to the shared organization of knowledge .←
→ safs : a deep feature selection approach for precision medicine ; in this paper , we propose a new deep feature selection method based on deep architecture . our method uses stacked auto - encoders for feature representation in higher - level abstraction . we developed and applied a novel feature learning approach to a specific precision medicine problem , which focuses on assessing and prioritizing risk factors for hypertension ( htn ) in a vulnerable demographic subgroup ( african - american ). our approach is to use de ←
→ semantic image segmentation via deep parsing network ; this paper addresses semantic image segmentation by incorporating rich information into markov random field ( mrf ), including high - order relations and mixture of label contexts . unlike previous works that optimized mrfs using iterative algorithm , we solve mrf by proposing a convolutional neural network ( cnn ), namely deep parsing network ( dpn ), which enables deterministic end - to - end computation in a single forward pass . specifically , dpn extends a contemp ←
→ reas : combining numerical optimization with sat solving ; in this paper , we present reas , a technique that combines numerical optimization with sat solving to synthesize unknowns in a program that involves discrete and floating point computation . reas makes the program end - to - end differentiable by smoothing any boolean expression that introduces discontinuity such as conditionals and relaxing the boolean unknowns so that numerical optimization can be performed . on top of this , reas uses a sat solver to help ←
→ toward verbalizing ontologies in isizulu ; isizulu is one of the eleven official languages of south africa and roughly half the population can speak it . it is the first ( home ) language for over 10 million people in south africa . only a few computational resources exist for isizulu and its related nguni languages , yet the imperative for tool development exists . we focus on natural language generation , and the grammar options and preferences in particular , which will inform verbalization of knowledge represen ←
→ improving the methods of email classification based on words ontology ; the internet has dramatically changed the relationship among people and their relationships with others people and made the valuable information available for the users . email is the service , which the internet provides today for its own users ; this service has attracted most of the users ' attention due to the low cost . along with the numerous benefits of email , one of the weaknesses of this service is that the number of received emails ←
→ modular action language alm ; the paper introduces a new modular action language , alm , and illustrates the methodology of its use . it is based on the approach of gelfond and lifschitz ( 1993 ; 1998 ) in which a high - level action language is used as a front end for a logic programming system description . the resulting logic programming representation is used to perform various computational tasks . the methodology based on existing action languages works well for small and even medium size systems , but is not me ←
→ learning of coordination policies for robotic swarms ; inspired by biological swarms , robotic swarms are envisioned to solve real - world problems that are difficult for individual agents . biological swarms can achieve collective intelligence based on local interactions and simple rules ; however , designing effective distributed policies for large - scale robotic swarms to achieve a global objective can be challenging . although it is often possible to design an optimal centralized strategy for smaller numbers of ←
→ learning representations and generative models for 3d point clouds ; three - dimensional geometric data offer an excellent domain for studying representation learning and generative modeling . in this paper , we look at geometric data represented as point clouds . we introduce a deep autoencoder ( ae ) network with state - of - the - art reconstruction quality and generalization ability . the learned representations outperform existing methods for 3d recognition tasks and enable basic shape editing via simple algebraic m ←
→ love thy neighbors : image annotation by exploiting image metadata ; some images that are difficult to recognize on their own may become more clear in the context of a neighborhood of related images with similar social - network metadata . we build on this intuition to improve multilabel image annotation . our model uses image metadata nonparametrically to generate neighborhoods of related images using jaccard similarities , then uses a deep neural network to blend visual information from the image and its neighb ←
→ sensor - type classification in buildings ; many sensors / meters are deployed in commercial buildings to monitor and optimize their performance . however , because sensor metadata is inconsistent across buildings , software - based solutions are tightly coupled to the sensor metadata conventions ( i . e . schemas and naming ) for each building . running the same software across buildings requires significant integration effort . metadata normalization is critical for scaling the deployment process and allows us to decou ←
→ combining drift analysis and generalized schema theory to design efficient hybrid and / or mixed strategy eas ; hybrid and mixed strategy eas have become rather popular for tackling various complex and np - hard optimization problems . while empirical evidence suggests that such algorithms are successful in practice , rather little theoretical support for their success is available , not mentioning a solid mathematical foundation that would provide guidance towards an efficient design of this type of eas . in the ←
→ a markov model for ontology alignment ; the explosion of available data along with the need to integrate and utilize that data has led to a pressing interest in data integration techniques . in terms of semantic web technologies , ontology alignment is a key step in the process of integrating heterogeneous knowledge bases . in this paper , we present the edge confidence technique , a modification and improvement over the popular similarity flooding technique for ontology alignment .←
→ the network nullspace property for compressed sensing of big data over networks ; we present a novel condition , which we term the net - work nullspace property , which ensures accurate recovery of graph signals representing massive network - structured datasets from few signal values . the network nullspace property couples the cluster structure of the underlying network - structure with the geometry of the sampling set . our results can be used to design efficient sampling strategies based on the network topolog ←
→ nonextensive information theoretical machine ; in this paper , we propose a new discriminative model named \ emph { nonextensive information theoretical machine ( nitm )} based on nonextensive generalization of shannon information theory . in nitm , weight parameters are treated as random variables . tsallis divergence is used to regularize the distribution of weight parameters and maximum unnormalized tsallis entropy distribution is used to evaluate fitting effect . on the one hand , it is showed that some well - known ←
→ recursive binary neural network learning model with 2 . 28b / weight storage requirement ; this paper presents a storage - efficient learning model titled recursive binary neural networks for sensing devices having a limited amount of on - chip data storage such as < 100 ' s kilo - bytes . the main idea of the proposed model is to recursively recycle data storage of synaptic weights ( parameters ) during training . this enables a device with a given storage constraint to train and instantiate a neural network classifier ←
→ krylov subspace descent for deep learning ; in this paper , we propose a second order optimization method to learn models where both the dimensionality of the parameter space and the number of training samples is high . in our method , we construct on each iteration a krylov subspace formed by the gradient and an approximation to the hessian matrix , and then use a subset of the training data samples to optimize over this subspace . as with the hessian free ( hf ) method of [ 7 ], the hessian matrix is never explici ←
→ mpead : multi - population ea diagrams ; multi - population evolutionary algorithms are , by nature , highly complex and difficult to describe . even two populations working in concert ( or opposition ) present a myriad of potential configurations that are often difficult to relate using text alone . little effort has been made , however , to depict these kinds of systems , relying solely on the simple structural connections ( related using ad hoc diagrams ) between populations and often leaving out crucial details . in thi ←
→ deep supervision with intermediate concepts ; recent data - driven approaches to scene interpretation predominantly pose inference as an end - to - end black - box mapping , commonly performed by a convolutional neural network ( cnn ). however , decades of work on perceptual organization in both human and machine vision suggests that there are often intermediate representations that are intrinsic to an inference task , and which provide essential structure to improve generalization . in this work , we explore an approach ←
→ a new admm algorithm for the euclidean median and its application to robust patch regression ; the euclidean median ( em ) of a set of points $\ omega $ in an euclidean space is the point x minimizing the ( weighted ) sum of the euclidean distances of x to the points in $\ omega $. while there exits no closed - form expression for the em , it can nevertheless be computed using iterative methods such as the wieszfeld algorithm . the em has classically been used as a robust estimator of centrality for multivariate data ←
→ bicycle - sharing system analysis and trip prediction ; bicycle - sharing systems , which can provide shared bike usage services for the public , have been launched in many big cities . in bicycle - sharing systems , people can borrow and return bikes at any stations in the service region very conveniently . therefore , bicycle - sharing systems are normally used as a short - distance trip supplement for private vehicles as well as regular public transportation . meanwhile , for stations located at different places in the se ←
→ without - replacement sampling for stochastic gradient methods : convergence results and application to distributed optimization ; stochastic gradient methods for machine learning and optimization problems are usually analyzed assuming data points are sampled \ emph { with } replacement . in practice , however , sampling \ emph { without } replacement is very common , easier to implement in many cases , and often performs better . in this paper , we provide competitive convergence guarantees for without - replacement samplin ←
→ better optimism by bayes : adaptive planning with rich models ; the computational costs of inference and planning have confined bayesian model - based reinforcement learning to one of two dismal fates : powerful bayes - adaptive planning but only for simplistic models , or powerful , bayesian non - parametric models but using simple , myopic planning strategies such as thompson sampling . we ask whether it is feasible and truly beneficial to combine rich probabilistic models with a closer approximation to fully bayesia ←
→ bi - objective nonnegative matrix factorization : linear versus kernel - based models ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is a powerful class of feature extraction techniques that has been successfully applied in many fields , namely in signal and image processing . current nmf techniques have been limited to a single - objective problem in either its linear or nonlinear kernel - based formulation . in this paper , we propose to revisit the nmf as a multi - objective problem , in particular a bi - objective one , where ←
→ discriminative learning via semidefinite probabilistic models ; discriminative linear models are a popular tool in machine learning . these can be generally divided into two types : the first is linear classifiers , such as support vector machines , which are well studied and provide state - of - the - art results . one shortcoming of these models is that their output ( known as the ' margin ') is not calibrated , and cannot be translated naturally into a distribution over the labels . thus , it is difficult to incorporate ←
→ generalising the discriminative restricted boltzmann machine ; we present a novel theoretical result that generalises the discriminative restricted boltzmann machine ( drbm ). while originally the drbm was defined assuming the { 0 , 1 }- bernoulli distribution in each of its hidden units , this result makes it possible to derive cost functions for variants of the drbm that utilise other distributions , including some that are often encountered in the literature . this is illustrated with the binomial and {- 1 , + 1 }- be ←
→ multi - dimensional graph fourier transform ; many signals on cartesian product graphs appear in the real world , such as digital images , sensor observation time series , and movie ratings on netflix . these signals are " multi - dimensional " and have directional characteristics along each factor graph . however , the existing graph fourier transform does not distinguish these directions , and assigns 1 - d spectra to signals on product graphs . further , these spectra are often multi - valued at some frequencies . our main ←
→ galileo : a generalized low - entropy mixture model ; we present a new method of generating mixture models for data with categorical attributes . the keys to this approach are an entropy - based density metric in categorical space and annealing of high - entropy / low - density components from an initial state with many components . pruning of low - density components using the entropy - based density allows galileo to consistently find high - quality clusters and the same optimal number of clusters . galileo has shown promisi ←
→ automatic selection of context configurations for improved class - specific word representations ; this paper is concerned with identifying contexts useful for training word representation models for different word classes such as adjectives ( a ), verbs ( v ), and nouns ( n ). we introduce a simple yet effective framework for an automatic selection of class - specific context configurations . we construct a context configuration space based on universal dependency relations between words , and efficiently search thi ←
→ distributed readability analysis of turkish elementary school textbooks ; the readability assessment deals with estimating the level of difficulty in reading texts . many readability tests , which do not indicate execution efficiency , have been applied on specific texts to measure the reading grade level in science textbooks . in this paper , we analyze the content covered in elementary school turkish textbooks by employing a distributed parallel processing framework based on popular mapreduce paradigm . we outli ←
→ buried object detection from b - scan ground penetrating radar data using faster - rcnn ; in this paper , we adapt the faster - rcnn framework for the detection of underground buried objects ( i . e . hyperbola reflections ) in b - scan ground penetrating radar ( gpr ) images . due to the lack of real data for training , we propose to incorporate more simulated radargrams generated from different configurations using the gprmax toolbox . our designed cnn is first pre - trained on the grayscale cifar - 10 database . then , the fas ←
→ tensorial recurrent neural networks for longitudinal data analysis ; traditional recurrent neural networks assume vectorized data as inputs . however many data from modern science and technology come in certain structures such as tensorial time series data . to apply the recurrent neural networks for this type of data , a vectorisation process is necessary , while such a vectorisation leads to the loss of the precise information of the spatial or longitudinal dimensions . in addition , such a vectorized data is n ←
→ product kernel interpolation for scalable gaussian processes ; recent work shows that inference for gaussian processes can be performed efficiently using iterative methods that rely only on matrix - vector multiplications ( mvms ). structured kernel interpolation ( ski ) exploits these techniques by deriving approximate kernels with very fast mvms . unfortunately , such strategies suffer badly from the curse of dimensionality . we develop a new technique for mvm based learning that exploits product kernel structure .←
→ visualizing bags of vectors ; the motivation of this work is two - fold - a ) to compare between two different modes of visualizing data that exists in a bag of vectors format b ) to propose a theoretical model that supports a new mode of visualizing data . visualizing high dimensional data can be achieved using minimum volume embedding , but the data has to exist in a format suitable for computing similarities while preserving local distances . this paper compares the visualization between two methods of represen ←
→ summarized network behavior prediction ; this work studies the entity - wise topical behavior from massive network logs . both the temporal and the spatial relationships of the behavior are explored with the learning architectures combing the recurrent neural network ( rnn ) and the convolutional neural network ( cnn ). to make the behavioral data appropriate for the spatial learning in cnn , several reduction steps are taken to form the topical metrics and place them homogeneously like pixels in the images . the ex ←
→ learning with confident examples : rank pruning for robust classification with noisy labels ; noisy pn learning is the problem of binary classification when training examples may be mislabeled ( flipped ) uniformly with noise rate rho1 for positive examples and rho0 for negative examples . we propose rank pruning ( rp ) to solve noisy pn learning and the open problem of estimating the noise rates , i . e . the fraction of wrong positive and negative labels . unlike prior solutions , rp is time - efficient and general , ←
→ joint convolutional neural pyramid for depth map super - resolution ; high - resolution depth map can be inferred from a low - resolution one with the guidance of an additional high - resolution texture map of the same scene . recently , deep neural networks with large receptive fields are shown to benefit applications such as image completion . our insight is that super resolution is similar to image completion , where only parts of the depth values are precisely known . in this paper , we present a joint convolutional ←
→ improved deep speaker feature learning for text - dependent speaker recognition ; a deep learning approach has been proposed recently to derive speaker identifies ( d - vector ) by a deep neural network ( dnn ). this approach has been applied to text - dependent speaker recognition tasks and shows reasonable performance gains when combined with the conventional i - vector approach . although promising , the existing d - vector implementation still can not compete with the i - vector baseline . this paper presents two improv ←
→ density estimation in linear time ; we consider the problem of choosing a density estimate from a set of distributions f , minimizing the l1 - distance to an unknown distribution ( devroye , lugosi 2001 ). devroye and lugosi analyze two algorithms for the problem : scheffe tournament winner and minimum distance estimate . the scheffe tournament estimate requires fewer computations than the minimum distance estimate , but has strictly weaker guarantees than the latter . we focus on the computational aspect of densit ←
→ group communication analysis : a computational linguistics approach for detecting sociocognitive roles in multi - party interactions ; roles are one of the most important concepts in understanding human sociocognitive behavior . during group interactions , members take on different roles within the discussion . roles have distinct patterns of behavioral engagement ( i . e ., active or passive , leading or following ), contribution characteristics ( i . e ., providing new information or echoing given material ), and social ←
→ an fpga - based massively parallel neuromorphic cortex simulator ; this paper presents a massively parallel and scalable neuromorphic cortex simulator designed for simulating large and structurally connected spiking neural networks , such as complex models of various areas of the cortex . the main novelty of this work is the abstraction of a neuromorphic architecture into clusters represented by minicolumns and hypercolumns , analogously to the fundamental structural units observed in neurobiology . without this ←
→ uc merced submission to the activitynet challenge 2016 ; this notebook paper describes our system for the untrimmed classification task in the activitynet challenge 2016 . we investigate multiple state - of - the - art approaches for action recognition in long , untrimmed videos . we exploit hand - crafted motion boundary histogram features as well feature activations from deep networks such as vgg16 , googlenet , and c3d . these features are separately fed to linear , one - versus - rest support vector machine classifiers to ←
→ land cover classification via multi - temporal spatial data by recurrent neural networks ; nowadays , modern earth observation programs produce huge volumes of satellite images time series ( sits ) that can be useful to monitor geographical areas through time . how to efficiently analyze such kind of information is still an open question in the remote sensing field . recently , deep learning methods proved suitable to deal with remote sensing data mainly for scene classification ( i . e . convolutional neural network ←
→ unsupervised pretraining for sequence to sequence learning ; this work presents a general unsupervised learning method to improve the accuracy of sequence to sequence ( seq2seq ) models . in our method , the weights of the encoder and decoder of a seq2seq model are initialized with the pretrained weights of two language models and then fine - tuned with labeled data . we apply this method to challenging benchmarks in machine translation and abstractive summarization and find that it significantly improves the subs ←
→ image classification and retrieval from user - supplied tags ; this paper proposes direct learning of image classification from user - supplied tags , without filtering . each tag is supplied by the user who shared the image online . enormous numbers of these tags are freely available online , and they give insight about the image categories important to users and to image classification . our approach is complementary to the conventional approach of manual annotation , which is extremely costly . we analyze of the fl ←
→ efficient sparse - winograd convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are computationally intensive , which limits their application on mobile devices . their energy is dominated by the number of multiplies needed to perform the convolutions . winograd ' s minimal filtering algorithm ( lavin , 2015 ) and network pruning ( han et al ., 2015 ) can reduce the operation count , but these two methods cannot be directly combined $-$ applying the winograd transform fills in the sparsity in both the we ←
→ convex optimization : algorithms and complexity ; this monograph presents the main complexity theorems in convex optimization and their corresponding algorithms . starting from the fundamental theory of black - box optimization , the material progresses towards recent advances in structural optimization and stochastic optimization . our presentation of black - box optimization , strongly influenced by nesterov ' s seminal book and nemirovski ' s lecture notes , includes the analysis of cutting plane methods , as well as (←
→ structured variable selection with sparsity - inducing norms ; we consider the empirical risk minimization problem for linear supervised learning , with regularization by structured sparsity - inducing norms . these are defined as sums of euclidean norms on certain subsets of variables , extending the usual $\ ell_1 $- norm and the group $\ ell_1 $- norm by allowing the subsets to overlap . this leads to a specific set of allowed nonzero patterns for the solutions of such problems . we first explore the relationship betwe ←
→ fast , robust , continuous monocular egomotion computation ; we propose robust methods for estimating camera egomotion in noisy , real - world monocular image sequences in the general case of unknown observer rotation and translation with two views and a small baseline . this is a difficult problem because of the nonconvex cost function of the perspective camera motion equation and because of non - gaussian noise arising from noisy optical flow estimates and scene non - rigidity . to address this problem , we introduce ←
→ mining techniques in network security to enhance intrusion detection systems ; in intrusion detection systems , classifiers still suffer from several drawbacks such as data dimensionality and dominance , different network feature types , and data impact on the classification . in this paper two significant enhancements are presented to solve these drawbacks . the first enhancement is an improved feature selection using sequential backward search and information gain . this , in turn , extracts valuable features t ←
→ a proposed infrastructure for adding online interaction to any evolutionary domain ; to address the difficulty of creating online collaborative evolutionary systems , this paper presents a new prototype library called worldwide infrastructure for neuroevolution ( win ) and its accompanying site win online ( http :// winark . org /). the win library is a collection of software packages built on top of node . js that reduce the complexity of creating fully persistent , online , and interactive ( or automated ) evolutionar ←
→ text - based adventures of the golovin ai agent ; the domain of text - based adventure games has been recently established as a new challenge of creating the agent that is both able to understand natural language , and acts intelligently in text - described environments . in this paper , we present our approach to tackle the problem . our agent , named golovin , takes advantage of the limited game domain . we use genre - related corpora ( including fantasy books and decompiled games ) to create language models suitable to ←
→ image authentication based on neural networks ; neural network has been attracting more and more researchers since the past decades . the properties , such as parameter sensitivity , random similarity , learning ability , etc ., make it suitable for information protection , such as data encryption , data authentication , intrusion detection , etc . in this paper , by investigating neural networks ' properties , the low - cost authentication method based on neural networks is proposed and used to authenticate images or vide ←
→ turing learning : a metric - free approach to inferring behavior and its application to swarms ; we propose turing learning , a novel system identification method for inferring the behavior of natural or artificial systems . turing learning simultaneously optimizes two populations of computer programs , one representing models of the behavior of the system under investigation , and the other representing classifiers . by observing the behavior of the system as well as the behaviors produced by the models , two set ←
→ a new metaheuristic bat - inspired algorithm ; metaheuristic algorithms such as particle swarm optimization , firefly algorithm and harmony search are now becoming powerful methods for solving many tough optimization problems . in this paper , we propose a new metaheuristic method , the bat algorithm , based on the echolocation behaviour of bats . we also intend to combine the advantages of existing algorithms into the new bat algorithm . after a detailed formulation and explanation of its implementation , we will th ←
→ fast trajectory simplification algorithm for natural user interfaces in robot programming by demonstration ; trajectory simplification is a problem encountered in areas like robot programming by demonstration , cad / cam , computer vision , and in gps - based applications like traffic analysis . this problem entails reduction of the points in a given trajectory while keeping the relevant points which preserve important information . the benefits include storage reduction , computational expense , while making data m ←
→ fine - grained human evaluation of neural versus phrase - based machine translation ; we compare three approaches to statistical machine translation ( pure phrase - based , factored phrase - based and neural ) by performing a fine - grained manual evaluation via error annotation of the systems ' outputs . the error types in our annotation are compliant with the multidimensional quality metrics ( mqm ), and the annotation is performed by two annotators . inter - annotator agreement is high for such a task , and results show th ←
→ how many dissimilarity / kernel self organizing map variants do we need ? ; in numerous applicative contexts , data are too rich and too complex to be represented by numerical vectors . a general approach to extend machine learning and data mining techniques to such data is to really on a dissimilarity or on a kernel that measures how different or similar two objects are . this approach has been used to define several variants of the self organizing map ( som ). this paper reviews those variants in using a common s ←
→ beyond gaussian pyramid : multi - skip feature stacking for action recognition ; most state - of - the - art action feature extractors involve differential operators , which act as highpass filters and tend to attenuate low frequency action information . this attenuation introduces bias to the resulting features and generates ill - conditioned feature matrices . the gaussian pyramid has been used as a feature enhancing technique that encodes scale - invariant characteristics into the feature space in an attempt to deal w ←
→ deep structure inference network for facial action unit recognition ; facial expressions are combinations of basic components called action units ( au ). recognizing aus is key for developing general facial expression analysis . in recent years , most efforts in automatic au recognition have been dedicated to learning combinations of local features and to exploiting correlations between action units . in this paper , we propose a deep neural architecture that tackles both problems by combining learned local and g ←
→ liver segmentation in ct images using three dimensional to two dimensional fully convolutional network ; the need for ct scan analysis is growing for pre - diagnosis and therapy of abdominal organs . automatic organ segmentation of abdominal ct scan can help radiologists analyze the scans faster and segment organ images with fewer errors . however , existing methods are not efficient enough to perform the segmentation process for victims of accidents and emergencies situations . in this paper we propose an effi ←
→ learning multi - domain convolutional neural networks for visual tracking ; we propose a novel visual tracking algorithm based on the representations from a discriminatively trained convolutional neural network ( cnn ). our algorithm pretrains a cnn using a large set of videos with tracking ground - truths to obtain a generic target representation . our network is composed of shared layers and multiple branches of domain - specific layers , where domains correspond to individual training sequences and each branch is ←
→ visualizing the consequences of evidence in bayesian networks ; this paper addresses the challenge of viewing and navigating bayesian networks as their structural size and complexity grow . starting with a review of the state of the art of visualizing bayesian networks , an area which has largely been passed over , we improve upon existing visualizations in three ways . first , we apply a disciplined approach to the graphic design of the basic elements of the bayesian network . second , we propose a technique for ←
→ snorkel : rapid training data creation with weak supervision ; labeling training data is increasingly the largest bottleneck in deploying machine learning systems . we present snorkel , a first - of - its - kind system that enables users to train state - of - the - art models without hand labeling any training data . instead , users write labeling functions that express arbitrary heuristics , which can have unknown accuracies and correlations . snorkel denoises their outputs without access to ground truth by incorporating the ←
→ graphs in machine learning : an introduction ; graphs are commonly used to characterise interactions between objects of interest . because they are based on a straightforward formalism , they are used in many scientific fields from computer science to historical sciences . in this paper , we give an introduction to some methods relying on graphs for learning . this includes both unsupervised and supervised methods . unsupervised learning algorithms usually aim at visualising graphs in latent spaces and / or clusteri ←
→ customized facial constant positive air pressure ( cpap ) masks ; sleep apnea is a syndrome that is characterized by sudden breathing halts while sleeping . one of the common treatments involves wearing a mask that delivers continuous air flow into the nostrils so as to maintain a steady air pressure . these masks are designed for an average facial model and are often difficult to adjust due to poor fit to the actual patient . the incompatibility is characterized by gaps between the mask and the face , which dete ←
→ hypothesis testing based intrinsic evaluation of word embeddings ; we introduce the cross - match test - an exact , distribution free , high - dimensional hypothesis test as an intrinsic evaluation metric for word embeddings . we show that cross - match is an effective means of measuring distributional similarity between different vector representations and of evaluating the statistical significance of different vector embedding models . additionally , we find that cross - match can be used to provide a quantitative mea ←
→ communication - efficient distributed statistical inference ; we present a communication - efficient surrogate likelihood ( csl ) framework for solving distributed statistical inference problems . csl provides a communication - efficient surrogate to the global likelihood that can be used for low - dimensional estimation , high - dimensional regularized estimation and bayesian inference . for low - dimensional estimation , csl provably improves upon naive averaging schemes and facilitates the construction of confidence inter ←
→ classification with invariant scattering representations ; a scattering transform defines a signal representation which is invariant to translations and lipschitz continuous relatively to deformations . it is implemented with a non - linear convolution network that iterates over wavelet and modulus operators . lipschitz continuity locally linearizes deformations . complex classes of signals and textures can be modeled with low - dimensional affine spaces , computed with a pca in the scattering domain . classificatio ←
→ rethinking atrous convolution for semantic image segmentation ; in this work , we revisit atrous convolution , a powerful tool to explicitly adjust filter ' s field - of - view as well as control the resolution of feature responses computed by deep convolutional neural networks , in the application of semantic image segmentation . to handle the problem of segmenting objects at multiple scales , we design modules which employ atrous convolution in cascade or in parallel to capture multi - scale context by adopting multip ←
→ quantum edge detection for image segmentation in optical environments ; a quantum edge detector for image segmentation in optical environments is presented in this work . a boolean version of the same detector is presented too . the quantum version of the new edge detector works with computational basis states , exclusively . this way , we can easily avoid the problem of quantum measurement retrieving the result of applying the new detector on the image . besides , a new criterion and logic based on projections on ←
→ multi - agent only knowing ; levesque introduced a notion of `` only knowing '', with the goal of capturing certain types of nonmonotonic reasoning . levesque ' s logic dealt with only the case of a single agent . recently , both halpern and lakemeyer independently attempted to extend levesque ' s logic to the multi - agent case . although there are a number of similarities in their approaches , there are some significant differences . in this paper , we reexamine the notion of only knowing , going back to first principles . ←
→ modeling sequential data using higher - order relational features and predictive training ; bi - linear feature learning models , like the gated autoencoder , were proposed as a way to model relationships between frames in a video . by minimizing reconstruction error of one frame , given the previous frame , these models learn " mapping units " that encode the transformations inherent in a sequence , and thereby learn to encode motion . in this work we extend bi - linear models by introducing " higher - order mapping units ←
→ indonesian earthquake decision support system ; earthquake dss is an information technology environment which can be used by government to sharpen , make faster and better the earthquake mitigation decision . earthquake dss can be delivered as e - government which is not only for government itself but in order to guarantee each citizen ' s rights for education , training and information about earthquake and how to overcome the earthquake . knowledge can be managed for future use and would become mining by saving an ←
→ selective classification for deep neural networks ; selective classification techniques ( also known as reject option ) have not yet been considered in the context of deep neural networks ( dnns ). these techniques can potentially significantly improve dnns prediction performance by trading - off coverage . in this paper we propose a method to construct a selective classifier given a trained neural network . our method allows a user to set a desired risk level . at test time , the classifier rejects instances as need ←
→ preliminary report on wasp 2 . 0 ; answer set programming ( asp ) is a declarative programming paradigm . the intrinsic complexity of the evaluation of asp programs makes the development of more effective and faster systems a challenging research topic . this paper reports on the recent improvements of the asp solver wasp . wasp is undergoing a refactoring process which will end up in the release of a new and more performant version of the software . in particular the paper focus on the improvements to the core eva ←
→ solving jigsaw puzzles with linear programming ; we propose a novel linear program ( lp ) based formula - tion for solving jigsaw puzzles . we formulate jigsaw solving as a set of successive global convex relaxations of the stan - dard np - hard formulation , that can describe both jigsaws with pieces of unknown position and puzzles of unknown po - sition and orientation . the main contribution and strength of our approach comes from the lp assembly strategy . in contrast to existing greedy methods , our lp solver expl ←
→ inductive sparse subspace clustering ; sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ) has achieved state - of - the - art clustering quality by performing spectral clustering over a $\ ell ^{ 1 }$- norm based similarity graph . however , ssc is a transductive method which does not handle with the data not used to construct the graph ( out - of - sample data ). for each new datum , ssc requires solving $ n $ optimization problems in o ( n ) variables for performing the algorithm over the whole data set , where $ n $ is the number of data points . the ←
→ intrinsically motivated goal exploration processes with automatic curriculum learning ; intrinsically motivated spontaneous exploration is a key enabler of autonomous lifelong learning in human children . it allows them to discover and acquire large repertoires of skills through self - generation , self - selection , self - ordering and self - experimentation of learning goals . we present the unsupervised multi - goal reinforcement learning formal framework as well as an algorithmic approach called intrinsically motiv ←
→ identifiability and unmixing of latent parse trees ; this paper explores unsupervised learning of parsing models along two directions . first , which models are identifiable from infinite data ? we use a general technique for numerically checking identifiability based on the rank of a jacobian matrix , and apply it to several standard constituency and dependency parsing models . second , for identifiable models , how do we estimate the parameters efficiently ? em suffers from local optima , while recent work using s ←
→ inductive supervised quantum learning ; in supervised learning , an inductive learning algorithm extracts general rules from observed training instances , then the rules are applied to test instances . we show that this splitting of training and application arises naturally , in the classical setting , from a simple independence requirement with a physical interpretation of being non - signalling . thus , two seemingly different definitions of inductive learning happen to coincide . this follows from the properties o ←
→ 3d fully convolutional network for vehicle detection in point cloud ; 2d fully convolutional network has been recently successfully applied to object detection from images . in this paper , we extend the fully convolutional network based detection techniques to 3d and apply it to point cloud data . the proposed approach is verified on the task of vehicle detection from lidar point cloud for autonomous driving . experiments on the kitti dataset shows a significant performance improvement over the previous point ←
→ prune the convolutional neural networks with sparse shrink ; nowadays , it is still difficult to adapt convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based models for deployment on embedded devices . the heavy computation and large memory footprint of cnn models become the main burden in real application . in this paper , we propose a " sparse shrink " algorithm to prune an existing cnn model . by analyzing the importance of each channel via sparse reconstruction , the algorithm is able to prune redundant feature maps accordin ←
→ domain modelling in computational persuasion for behaviour change in healthcare ; the aim of behaviour change is to help people to change aspects of their behaviour for the better ( e . g ., to decrease calorie intake , to drink in moderation , to take more exercise , to complete a course of antibiotics once started , etc .). in current persuasion technology for behaviour change , the emphasis is on helping people to explore their issues ( e . g ., through questionnaires or game playing ) or to remember to follow a beha ←
→ intelligent city traffic management and public transportation system ; intelligent transportation system in case of cities is controlling traffic congestion and regulating the traffic flow . this paper presents three modules that will help in managing city traffic issues and ultimately gives advanced development in transportation system . first module , congestion detection and management will provide user real time information about congestion on the road towards his destination , second module , intelligent pu ←
→ fast convergence rate of multiple kernel learning with elastic - net regularization ; we investigate the learning rate of multiple kernel leaning ( mkl ) with elastic - net regularization , which consists of an $\ ell_1 $- regularizer for inducing the sparsity and an $\ ell_2 $- regularizer for controlling the smoothness . we focus on a sparse setting where the total number of kernels is large but the number of non - zero components of the ground truth is relatively small , and prove that elastic - net mkl achieves the mini ←
→ automatic discovery and geotagging of objects from street view imagery ; many applications such as autonomous navigation , urban planning and asset monitoring , rely on the availability of accurate information about objects and their geolocations . in this paper we propose to automatically detect and compute the gps coordinates of recurring stationary objects of interest using street view imagery . our processing pipeline relies on two fully convolutional neural networks : the first segments objects in the image ←
→ tight logic programs ; this note is about the relationship between two theories of negation as failure -- one based on program completion , the other based on stable models , or answer sets . francois fages showed that if a logic program satisfies a certain syntactic condition , which is now called `` tightness ,'' then its stable models can be characterized as the models of its completion . we extend the definition of tightness and fages ' theorem to programs with nested expressions in the bodies of rules , and stu ←
→ tensor methods and recommender systems ; a substantial progress in development of new and efficient tensor factorization techniques has led to an extensive research of their applicability in recommender systems field . tensor - based recommender models push the boundaries of traditional collaborative filtering techniques by taking into account a multifaceted nature of real environments , which allows to produce more accurate , situational ( e . g . context - aware , criteria - driven ) recommendations . despite the promisi ←
→ patchshuffle regularization ; this paper focuses on regularizing the training of the convolutional neural network ( cnn ). we propose a new regularization approach named `` patchshuffle `` that can be adopted in any classification - oriented cnn models . it is easy to implement : in each mini - batch , images or feature maps are randomly chosen to undergo a transformation such that pixels within each local patch are shuffled . through generating images and feature maps with interior orderless patches , patchshuffle crea ←
→ soft approximations and uni - int decision making ; notions of core , support and inversion of a soft set have been defined and studied . soft approximations are soft sets developed through core and support , and are used for granulating the soft space . membership structure of a soft set has been probed in and many interesting properties presented . the mathematical apparatus developed so far in this paper yields a detailed analysis of two works viz . [ n . cagman , s . enginoglu , soft set theory and uni - int decision ←
→ next generation multicuts for semi - planar graphs ; we study the problem of multicut segmentation . we introduce modified versions of the semi - planarcc based on bounding lagrange multipliers . we apply our work to natural image segmentation .←
→ readability - based sentence ranking for evaluating text simplification ; we propose a new method for evaluating the readability of simplified sentences through pair - wise ranking . the validity of the method is established through in - corpus and cross - corpus evaluation experiments . the approach correctly identifies the ranking of simplified and unsimplified sentences in terms of their reading level with an accuracy of over 80 %, significantly outperforming previous results . to gain qualitative insights into the ←
→ learning operations on a stack with neural turing machines ; multiple extensions of recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have been proposed recently to address the difficulty of storing information over long time periods . in this paper , we experiment with the capacity of neural turing machines ( ntms ) to deal with these long - term dependencies on well - balanced strings of parentheses . we show that not only does the ntm emulate a stack with its heads and learn an algorithm to recognize such words , but it is also ca ←
→ an optimal linear separator for the sonar signals classification task ; the problem of classifying sonar signals from rocks and mines first studied by gorman and sejnowski has become a benchmark against which many learning algorithms have been tested . we show that both the training set and the test set of this benchmark are linearly separable , although with different hyperplanes . moreover , the complete set of learning and test patterns together , is also linearly separable . we give the weights that separate ←
→ online and stochastic douglas - rachford splitting method for large scale machine learning ; online and stochastic learning has emerged as powerful tool in large scale optimization . in this work , we generalize the douglas - rachford splitting ( drs ) method for minimizing composite functions to online and stochastic settings ( to our best knowledge this is the first time drs been generalized to sequential version ). we first establish an $ o ( 1 /\ sqrt { t })$ regret bound for batch drs method . then we proved that the o ←
→ an adaptive data representation for robust point - set registration and merging ; this paper presents a framework for rigid point - set registration and merging using a robust continuous data representation . our point - set representation is constructed by training a one - class support vector machine with a gaussian radial basis function kernel and subsequently approximating the output function with a gaussian mixture model . we leverage the representation ' s sparse parametrisation and robustness to noise , outlier ←
→ deep learning for sentiment analysis : a survey ; deep learning has emerged as a powerful machine learning technique that learns multiple layers of representations or features of the data and produces state - of - the - art prediction results . along with the success of deep learning in many other application domains , deep learning is also popularly used in sentiment analysis in recent years . this paper first gives an overview of deep learning and then provides a comprehensive survey of its current applications in ←
→ light field blind motion deblurring ; we study the problem of deblurring light fields of general 3d scenes captured under 3d camera motion and present both theoretical and practical contributions . by analyzing the motion - blurred light field in the primal and fourier domains , we develop intuition into the effects of camera motion on the light field , show the advantages of capturing a 4d light field instead of a conventional 2d image for motion deblurring , and derive simple methods of motion deblurring in cer ←
→ sharesnet : reducing residual network parameter number by sharing weights ; deep residual networks have reached the state of the art in many image processing tasks such image classification . however , the cost for a gain in accuracy in terms of depth and memory is prohibitive as it requires a higher number of residual blocks , up to double the initial value . to tackle this problem , we propose in this paper a way to reduce the redundant information of the networks . we share the weights of convolutional layers b ←
→ deep self - paced learning for person re - identification ; person re - identification ( re - id ) usually suffers from noisy samples with background clutter and mutual occlusion , which makes it extremely difficult to distinguish different individuals across the disjoint camera views . in this paper , we propose a novel deep self - paced learning ( dspl ) algorithm to alleviate this problem , in which we apply a self - paced constraint and symmetric regularization to help the relative distance metric training the deep neural ←
→ foundations of a multi - way spectral clustering framework for hybrid linear modeling ; the problem of hybrid linear modeling ( hlm ) is to model and segment data using a mixture of affine subspaces . different strategies have been proposed to solve this problem , however , rigorous analysis justifying their performance is missing . this paper suggests the theoretical spectral curvature clustering ( tscc ) algorithm for solving the hlm problem , and provides careful analysis to justify it . the tscc algorithm is prac ←
→ stochastic dykstra algorithms for metric learning on positive semi - definite cone ; recently , covariance descriptors have received much attention as powerful representations of set of points . in this research , we present a new metric learning algorithm for covariance descriptors based on the dykstra algorithm , in which the current solution is projected onto a half - space at each iteration , and runs at o ( n ^ 3 ) time . we empirically demonstrate that randomizing the order of half - spaces in our dykstra - based algo ←
→ 4dfab : a large scale 4d facial expression database for biometric applications ; the progress we are currently witnessing in many computer vision applications , including automatic face analysis , would not be made possible without tremendous efforts in collecting and annotating large scale visual databases . to this end , we propose 4dfab , a new large scale database of dynamic high - resolution 3d faces ( over 1 , 800 , 000 3d meshes ). 4dfab contains recordings of 180 subjects captured in four different sessions spa ←
→ predicting privileged information for height estimation ; in this paper , we propose a novel regression - based method for employing privileged information to estimate the height using human metrology . the actual values of the anthropometric measurements are difficult to estimate accurately using state - of - the - art computer vision algorithms . hence , we use ratios of anthropometric measurements as features . since many anthropometric measurements are not available at test time in real - life scenarios , we employ a l ←
→ grounding symbols in multi - modal instructions ; as robots begin to cohabit with humans in semi - structured environments , the need arises to understand instructions involving rich variability --- for instance , learning to ground symbols in the physical world . realistically , this task must cope with small datasets consisting of a particular users ' contextual assignment of meaning to terms . we present a method for processing a raw stream of cross - modal input --- i . e ., linguistic instructions , visual perception of a ←
→ differentially private identity and closeness testing of discrete distributions ; we investigate the problems of identity and closeness testing over a discrete population from random samples . our goal is to develop efficient testers while guaranteeing differential privacy to the individuals of the population . we describe an approach that yields sample - efficient differentially private testers for these problems . our theoretical results show that there exist private identity and closeness testers that are n ←
→ toward open - set face recognition ; much research has been conducted on both face identification and face verification , with greater focus on the latter . research on face identification has mostly focused on using closed - set protocols , which assume that all probe images used in evaluation contain identities of subjects that are enrolled in the gallery . real systems , however , where only a fraction of probe sample identities are enrolled in the gallery , cannot make this closed - set assumption . instead , they mus ←
→ describing videos by exploiting temporal structure ; recent progress in using recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) for image description has motivated the exploration of their application for video description . however , while images are static , working with videos requires modeling their dynamic temporal structure and then properly integrating that information into a natural language description . in this context , we propose an approach that successfully takes into account both the local and global temporal stru ←
→ think globally , embed locally --- locally linear meta - embedding of words ; distributed word embeddings have shown superior performances in numerous natural language processing ( nlp ) tasks . however , their performances vary significantly across different tasks , implying that the word embeddings learnt by those methods capture complementary aspects of lexical semantics . therefore , we believe that it is important to combine the existing word embeddings to produce more accurate and complete \ emph { meta - embeddings ←
→ scannet : a fast and dense scanning framework for metastatic breast cancer detection from whole - slide images ; lymph node metastasis is one of the most significant diagnostic indicators in breast cancer , which is traditionally observed under the microscope by pathologists . in recent years , computerized histology diagnosis has become one of the most rapidly expanding fields in medical image computing , which alleviates pathologists ' workload and reduces misdiagnosis rate . however , automatic detection of lymp ←
→ large - scale convex minimization with a low - rank constraint ; we address the problem of minimizing a convex function over the space of large matrices with low rank . while this optimization problem is hard in general , we propose an efficient greedy algorithm and derive its formal approximation guarantees . each iteration of the algorithm involves ( approximately ) finding the left and right singular vectors corresponding to the largest singular value of a certain matrix , which can be calculated in linear time . t ←
→ face aging effect simulation using hidden factor analysis joint sparse representation ; face aging simulation has received rising investigations nowadays , whereas it still remains a challenge to generate convincing and natural age - progressed face images . in this paper , we present a novel approach to such an issue by using hidden factor analysis joint sparse representation . in contrast to the majority of tasks in the literature that handle the facial texture integrally , the proposed aging approach separate ←
→ detecting non - causal artifacts in multivariate linear regression models ; we consider linear models where $ d $ potential causes $ x_1 ,..., x_d $ are correlated with one target quantity $ y $ and propose a method to infer whether the association is causal or whether it is an artifact caused by overfitting or hidden common causes . we employ the idea that in the former case the vector of regression coefficients has ' generic ' orientation relative to the covariance matrix $\ sigma_ { xx }$ of $ x $. using an ica based model ←
→ automated generation of geometric theorems from images of diagrams ; we propose an approach to generate geometric theorems from electronic images of diagrams automatically . the approach makes use of techniques of hough transform to recognize geometric objects and their labels and of numeric verification to mine basic geometric relations . candidate propositions are generated from the retrieved information by using six strategies and geometric theorems are obtained from the candidates via algebraic computatio ←
→ multi - domain collaborative filtering ; collaborative filtering is an effective recommendation approach in which the preference of a user on an item is predicted based on the preferences of other users with similar interests . a big challenge in using collaborative filtering methods is the data sparsity problem which often arises because each user typically only rates very few items and hence the rating matrix is extremely sparse . in this paper , we address this problem by considering multiple collaborative fi ←
→ tensorflow agents : efficient batched reinforcement learning in tensorflow ; we introduce tensorflow agents , an efficient infrastructure paradigm for building parallel reinforcement learning algorithms in tensorflow . we simulate multiple environments in parallel , and group them to perform the neural network computation on a batch rather than individual observations . this allows the tensorflow execution engine to parallelize computation , without the need for manual synchronization . environments are stepped ←
→ generalized notions of sparsity and restricted isometry property . part ii : applications ; the restricted isometry property ( rip ) is a universal tool for data recovery . we explore the implication of the rip in the framework of generalized sparsity and group measurements introduced in the part i paper . it turns out that for a given measurement instrument the number of measurements for rip can be improved by optimizing over families of banach spaces . second , we investigate the preservation of difference of t ←
→ what we write about when we write about causality : features of causal statements across large - scale social discourse ; identifying and communicating relationships between causes and effects is important for understanding our world , but is affected by language structure , cognitive and emotional biases , and the properties of the communication medium . despite the increasing importance of social media , much remains unknown about causal statements made online . to study real - world causal attribution , we extract ←
→ online adaptation of convolutional neural networks for video object segmentation ; we tackle the task of semi - supervised video object segmentation , i . e . segmenting the pixels belonging to an object in the video using the ground truth pixel mask for the first frame . we build on the recently introduced one - shot video object segmentation ( osvos ) approach which uses a pretrained network and fine - tunes it on the first frame . while achieving impressive performance , at test time osvos uses the fine - tuned network ←
→ extending sroiq with constraint networks and grounded circumscription ; developments in semantic web technologies have promoted ontological encoding of knowledge from diverse domains . however , modelling many practical domains requires more expressiveness than what the standard description logics ( most prominently sroiq ) support . in this paper , we extend the expressive dl sroiq with constraint networks ( resulting in the logic sroiqc ) and grounded circumscription ( resulting in the logic gc - sroiq ). application ←
→ material classification in the wild : do synthesized training data generalise better than real - world training data ? ; we question the dominant role of real - world training images in the field of material classification by investigating whether synthesized data can generalise more effectively than real - world data . experimental results on three challenging real - world material databases show that the best performing pre - trained convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architectures can achieve up to 91 . 03 % mean aver ←
→ optimal discovery with probabilistic expert advice : finite time analysis and macroscopic optimality ; we consider an original problem that arises from the issue of security analysis of a power system and that we name optimal discovery with probabilistic expert advice . we address it with an algorithm based on the optimistic paradigm and on the good - turing missing mass estimator . we prove two different regret bounds on the performance of this algorithm under weak assumptions on the probabilistic experts . un ←
→ pushing the limits of paraphrastic sentence embeddings with millions of machine translations ; we extend the work of wieting et al . ( 2017 ), back - translating a large parallel corpus to produce a dataset of more than 51 million english - english sentential paraphrase pairs in a dataset we call paranmt - 50m . we find this corpus to be cover many domains and styles of text , in addition to being rich in paraphrases with different sentence structure , and we release it to the community . to show its utility , we use i ←
→ exploring localization in bayesian networks for large expert systems ; current bayesian net representations do not consider structure in the domain and include all variables in a homogeneous network . at any time , a human reasoner in a large domain may direct his attention to only one of a number of natural subdomains , i . e ., there is ? localization ' of queries and evidence . in such a case , propagating evidence through a homogeneous network is inefficient since the entire network has to be updated each time . t ←
→ deep unsupervised learning of visual similarities ; exemplar learning of visual similarities in an unsupervised manner is a problem of paramount importance to computer vision . in this context , however , the recent breakthrough in deep learning could not yet unfold its full potential . with only a single positive sample , a great imbalance between one positive and many negatives , and unreliable relationships between most samples , training of convolutional neural networks is impaired . in this paper we use weak e ←
→ visual tracking with similarity matching ratio ; this paper presents a novel approach to visual tracking : similarity matching ratio ( smr ). the traditional approach of tracking is minimizing some measures of the difference between the template and a patch from the frame . this approach is vulnerable to outliers and drastic appearance changes and an extensive study is focusing on making the approach more tolerant to them . however , this often results in longer , corrective algo - rithms which do not solve the ori ←
→ improving transferability of adversarial examples with input diversity ; though convolutional neural networks have achieved state - of - the - art performance on various vision tasks , they are extremely vulnerable to adversarial examples , which are obtained by adding human - imperceptible perturbations to the original images . adversarial examples can thus be used as an useful tool to evaluate and select the most robust models in safety - critical applications . however , most of the existing adversarial attacks only ac ←
→ deep convolutional neural networks for raman spectrum recognition : a unified solution ; machine learning methods have found many applications in raman spectroscopy , especially for the identification of chemical species . however , almost all of these methods require non - trivial preprocessing such as baseline correction and / or pca as an essential step . here we describe our unified solution for the identification of chemical species in which a convolutional neural network is trained to automatically identify ←
→ a genetic algorithm applied to the validation of building thermal models ; this paper presents the coupling of a building thermal simulation code with genetic algorithms ( gas ). gas are randomized search algorithms that are based on the mechanisms of natural selection and genetics . we show that this coupling allows the location of defective sub - models of a building thermal model i . e . parts of model that are responsible for the disagreements between measurements and model predictions . the method first of all ←
→ detecting and correcting speech repairs ; interactive spoken dialog provides many new challenges for spoken language systems . one of the most critical is the prevalence of speech repairs . this paper presents an algorithm that detects and corrects speech repairs based on finding the repair pattern . the repair pattern is built by finding word matches and word replacements , and identifying fragments and editing terms . rather than using a set of prebuilt templates , we build the pattern on the fly . in a fair tes ←
→ modeling contaminant intrusion in water distribution networks based on d numbers ; efficient modeling on uncertain information plays an important role in estimating the risk of contaminant intrusion in water distribution networks . dempster - shafer evidence theory is one of the most commonly used methods . however , the dempster - shafer evidence theory has some hypotheses including the exclusive property of the elements in the frame of discernment , which may not be consistent with the real world . in this paper ←
→ how to do lexical quality estimation of a large ocred historical finnish newspaper collection with scarce resources ; the national library of finland has digitized the historical newspapers published in finland between 1771 and 1910 . this collection contains approximately 1 . 95 million pages in finnish and swedish . finnish part of the collection consists of about 2 . 40 billion words . the national library ' s digital collections are offered via the digi . kansalliskirjasto . fi web service , also known as digi . par ←
→ investigating artificial immune systems for job shop rescheduling in changing environments ; artificial immune system can be used to generate schedules in changing environments and it has been proven to be more robust than schedules developed using a genetic algorithm . good schedules can be produced especially when the number of the antigens is increased . however , an increase in the range of the antigens had somehow affected the fitness of the immune system . in this research , we are trying to improve the ←
→ centrality - as - relevance : support sets and similarity as geometric proximity ; in automatic summarization , centrality - as - relevance means that the most important content of an information source , or a collection of information sources , corresponds to the most central passages , considering a representation where such notion makes sense ( graph , spatial , etc .). we assess the main paradigms , and introduce a new centrality - based relevance model for automatic summarization that relies on the use of support sets t ←
→ unsupervised induction of semantic roles within a reconstruction - error minimization framework ; we introduce a new approach to unsupervised estimation of feature - rich semantic role labeling models . our model consists of two components : ( 1 ) an encoding component : a semantic role labeling model which predicts roles given a rich set of syntactic and lexical features ; ( 2 ) a reconstruction component : a tensor factorization model which relies on roles to predict argument fillers . when the components are estimat ←
→ emotion detection on tv show transcripts with sequence - based convolutional neural networks ; while there have been significant advances in detecting emotions from speech and image recognition , emotion detection on text is still under - explored and remained as an active research field . this paper introduces a corpus for text - based emotion detection on multiparty dialogue as well as deep neural models that outperform the existing approaches for document classification . we first present a new corpus that prov ←
→ a new hybrid stemming algorithm for persian ; stemming has been an influential part in information retrieval and search engines . there have been tremendous endeavours in making stemmer that are both efficient and accurate . stemmers can have three method in stemming , dictionary based stemmer , statistical - based stemmers , and rule - based stemmers . this paper aims at building a hybrid stemmer that uses both dictionary based method and rule - based method for stemming . this ultimately helps the efficacy and accurat ←
→ 3d object reconstruction from a single depth view with adversarial learning ; in this paper , we propose a novel 3d - recgan approach , which reconstructs the complete 3d structure of a given object from a single arbitrary depth view using generative adversarial networks . unlike the existing work which typically requires multiple views of the same object or class labels to recover the full 3d geometry , the proposed 3d - recgan only takes the voxel grid representation of a depth view of the object as input , and ←
→ achievements in answer set programming ( preliminary report ) ; this paper describes an approach to the methodology of answer set programming ( asp ) that can facilitate the design of encodings that are easy to understand and provably correct . under this approach , after appending a rule or a small group of rules to the emerging program we include a comment that states what has been " achieved " so far . this strategy allows us to set out our understanding of the design of the program by describing the roles of sma ←
→ optimizing codes for source separation in color image demosaicing and compressive video recovery ; there exist several applications in image processing ( eg : video compressed sensing [ hitomi , y . et al , " video from a single coded exposure photograph using a learned overcomplete dictionary "] and color image demosaicing [ moghadam , a . a . et al , " compressive framework for demosaicing of natural images "]) which require separation of constituent images given measurements in the form of a coded superposition of th ←
→ deep multi - view models for glitch classification ; non - cosmic , non - gaussian disturbances known as " glitches ", show up in gravitational - wave data of the advanced laser interferometer gravitational - wave observatory , or aligo . in this paper , we propose a deep multi - view convolutional neural network to classify glitches automatically . the primary purpose of classifying glitches is to understand their characteristics and origin , which facilitates their removal from the data or from the detector entirely . we visu ←
→ event and anomaly detection using tucker3 decomposition ; failure detection in telecommunication networks is a vital task . so far , several supervised and unsupervised solutions have been provided for discovering failures in such networks . among them unsupervised approaches has attracted more attention since no label data is required . often , network devices are not able to provide information about the type of failure . in such cases the type of failure is not known in advance and the unsupervised setting is ←
→ krylov subspace recycling for fast iterative least - squares in machine learning ; solving symmetric positive definite linear problems is a fundamental computational task in machine learning . the exact solution , famously , is cubicly expensive in the size of the matrix . to alleviate this problem , several linear - time approximations , such as spectral and inducing - point methods , have been suggested and are now in wide use . these are low - rank approximations that choose the low - rank space a priori and do not refi ←
→ towards an automated image de - fencing algorithm using sparsity ; conventional approaches to image de - fencing suffer from non - robust fence detection and are limited to processing images of static scenes . in this position paper , we propose an automatic de - fencing algorithm for images of dynamic scenes . we divide the problem of image de - fencing into the tasks of automated fence detection , motion estimation and fusion of data from multiple frames of a captured video of the dynamic scene . fences are detected aut ←
→ the shape of an image : a study of mapper on images ; we study the topological construction called mapper in the context of simply connected domains , in particular on images . the mapper construction can be considered as a generalization for contour , split , and joint trees on simply connected domains . a contour tree on an image domain assumes the height function to be a piecewise linear morse function . this is a rather restrictive class of functions and does not allow us to explore the topology for most real ←
→ recurrent scale approximation for object detection in cnn ; since convolutional neural network ( cnn ) lacks an inherent mechanism to handle large scale variations , we always need to compute feature maps multiple times for multi - scale object detection , which has the bottleneck of computational cost in practice . to address this , we devise a recurrent scale approximation ( rsa ) to compute feature map once only , and only through this map can we approximate the rest maps on other levels . at the core of rsa is the ←
→ closed - form solution to cooperative visual - inertial structure from motion ; this paper considers the problem of visual - inertial sensor fusion in the cooperative case and it provides new theoretical contributions , which regard its observability and its resolvability in closed form . the case of two agents is investigated . each agent is equipped with inertial sensors ( accelerometer and gyroscope ) and with a monocular camera . by using the monocular camera , each agent can observe the other agent . no additional ←
→ on td ( 0 ) with function approximation : concentration bounds and a centered variant with exponential convergence ; we provide non - asymptotic bounds for the well - known temporal difference learning algorithm td ( 0 ) with linear function approximators . these include high - probability bounds as well as bounds in expectation . our analysis suggests that a step - size inversely proportional to the number of iterations cannot guarantee optimal rate of convergence unless we assume ( partial ) knowledge of the stationary di ←
→ context - aware learning using transferable features for classification of breast cancer histology images ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been recently used for a variety of histology image analysis . however , availability of a large dataset is a major prerequisite for training a cnn which limits its use by the computational pathology community . in previous studies , cnns have demonstrated their potential in terms of feature generalizability and transferability accompanied with better performance .←
→ uplift modeling from separate labels ; uplift modeling is aimed at estimating the incremental impact of an action on an individual ' s behavior , which is useful in various application domains such as targeted marketing ( advertisement campaigns ) and personalized medicine ( medical treatments ). conventional methods of uplift modeling require every instance to be jointly equipped with two types of labels : the taken action and its outcome . however , obtaining two labels for each instance at the same time is difficu ←
→ identifiability of an integer modular acyclic additive noise model and its causal structure discovery ; the notion of causality is used in many situations dealing with uncertainty . we consider the problem whether causality can be identified given data set generated by discrete random variables rather than continuous ones . in particular , for non - binary data , thus far it was only known that causality can be identified except rare cases . in this paper , we present necessary and sufficient condition for an int ←
→ language - based image editing with recurrent attentive models ; we investigate the problem of language - based image editing ( lbie ) in this work . given a source image and a natural language description , we want to generate a target image by editing the source im - age based on the description . we propose a generic modeling framework for two sub - tasks of lbie : language - based image segmentation and image colorization . the framework uses recurrent attentive models to fuse image and language features . instead of us ←
→ saliency - based sequential image attention with multiset prediction ; humans process visual scenes selectively and sequentially using attention . central to models of human visual attention is the saliency map . we propose a hierarchical visual architecture that operates on a saliency map and uses a novel attention mechanism to sequentially focus on salient regions and take additional glimpses within those regions . the architecture is motivated by human visual attention , and is used for multi - label image class ←
→ downscaling near - surface atmospheric fields with multi - objective genetic programming ; the coupling of models for the different components of the soil - vegetation - atmosphere - system is required to investigate component interactions and feedback processes . however , the component models for atmosphere , land - surface and subsurface are usually operated at different resolutions in space and time owing to the dominant processes . the computationally often more expensive atmospheric models , for instance , are typica ←
→ reconstruction of causal networks by set covering ; we present a method for the reconstruction of networks , based on the order of nodes visited by a stochastic branching process . our algorithm reconstructs a network of minimal size that ensures consistency with the data . crucially , we show that global consistency with the data can be achieved through purely local considerations , inferring the neighbourhood of each node in turn . the optimisation problem solved for each individual node can be reduced to a set ←
→ a multi - method simulation of a high - frequency bus line using anylogic ; in this work a mixed agent - based and discrete event simulation model is developed for a high frequency bus route in the netherlands . with this model , different passenger growth scenarios can be easily evaluated . this simulation model helps policy makers to predict changes that have to be made to bus routes and planned travel times before problems occur . the model is validated using several performance indicators , showing that under some ←
→ asynchronous stochastic gradient mcmc with elastic coupling ; we consider parallel asynchronous markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) sampling for problems where we can leverage ( stochastic ) gradients to define continuous dynamics which explore the target distribution . we outline a solution strategy for this setting based on stochastic gradient hamiltonian monte carlo sampling ( sghmc ) which we alter to include an elastic coupling term that ties together multiple mcmc instances . the proposed strategy turns inheren ←
→ the everlasting database : statistical validity at a fair price ; the problem of handling adaptivity in data analysis , intentional or not , permeates a variety of fields , including test - set overfitting in ml challenges and the accumulation of invalid scientific discoveries . we propose a mechanism for answering an arbitrarily long sequence of potentially adaptive statistical queries , by charging a price for each query and using the proceeds to collect additional samples . crucially , we guarantee statistical val ←
→ stochastic low - rank bandits ; many problems in computer vision and recommender systems involve low - rank matrices . in this work , we study the problem of finding the maximum entry of a stochastic low - rank matrix from sequential observations . at each step , a learning agent chooses pairs of row and column arms , and receives the noisy product of their latent values as a reward . the main challenge is that the latent values are unobserved . we identify a class of non - negative matrices whose maximum entry can be fou ←
→ image dehazing using bilinear composition loss function ; in this paper , we introduce a bilinear composition loss function to address the problem of image dehazing . previous methods in image dehazing use a two - stage approach which first estimate the transmission map followed by clear image estimation . the drawback of a two - stage method is that it tends to boost local image artifacts such as noise , aliasing and blocking . this is especially the case for heavy haze images captured with a low quality device . ou ←
→ active learning for cost - sensitive classification ; we design an active learning algorithm for cost - sensitive multiclass classification : problems where different errors have different costs . our algorithm , coal , makes predictions by regressing to each label ' s cost and predicting the smallest . on a new example , it uses a set of regressors that perform well on past data to estimate possible costs for each label . it queries only the labels that could be the best , ignoring the sure losers . we prove coal can be ←
→ towards a more efficient representation of imputation operators in tpot ; automated machine learning encompasses a set of meta - algorithms intended to design and apply machine learning techniques ( e . g ., model selection , hyperparameter tuning , model assessment , etc .). tpot , a software for optimizing machine learning pipelines based on genetic programming ( gp ), is a novel example of this kind of applications . recently we have proposed a way to introduce imputation methods as part of tpot . while our approach wa ←
→ a model - driven probabilistic parser generator ; existing probabilistic scanners and parsers impose hard constraints on the way lexical and syntactic ambiguities can be resolved . furthermore , traditional grammar - based parsing tools are limited in the mechanisms they allow for taking context into account . in this paper , we propose a model - driven tool that allows for statistical language models with arbitrary probability estimators . our work on model - driven probabilistic parsing is built on top of modelcc , a m ←
→ extraction of airway trees using multiple hypothesis tracking and template matching ; knowledge of airway tree morphology has important clinical applications in diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . we present an automatic tree extraction method based on multiple hypothesis tracking and template matching for this purpose and evaluate its performance on chest ct images . the method is adapted from a semi - automatic method devised for vessel segmentation . idealized tubular templates are construc ←
→ a factoid question answering system for vietnamese ; in this paper , we describe the development of an end - to - end factoid question answering system for the vietnamese language . this system combines both statistical models and ontology - based methods in a chain of processing modules to provide high - quality mappings from natural language text to entities . we present the challenges in the development of such an intelligent user interface for an isolating language like vietnamese and show that techniques develope ←
→ joint and conditional estimation of tagging and parsing models ; this paper compares two different ways of estimating statistical language models . many statistical nlp tagging and parsing models are estimated by maximizing the ( joint ) likelihood of the fully - observed training data . however , since these applications only require the conditional probability distributions , these distributions can in principle be learnt by maximizing the conditional likelihood of the training data . perhaps somewhat surprisingly ←
→ combinatorially generated piecewise activation functions ; in the neuroevolution literature , research has primarily focused on evolving the number of nodes , connections , and weights in artificial neural networks . few attempts have been made to evolve activation functions . research in evolving activation functions has mainly focused on evolving function parameters , and developing heterogeneous networks by selecting from a fixed pool of activation functions . this paper introduces a novel technique for evolvin ←
→ accélération des cartes auto - organisatrices sur tableau de dissimilarités par séparation et évaluation ; in this paper , a new implementation of the adaptation of kohonen self - organising maps ( som ) to dissimilarity matrices is proposed . this implementation relies on the branch and bound principle to reduce the algorithm running time . an important property of this new approach is that the obtained algorithm produces exactly the same results as the standard algorithm .←
→ a structured approach to predicting image enhancement parameters ; social networking on mobile devices has become a commonplace of everyday life . in addition , photo capturing process has become trivial due to the advances in mobile imaging . hence people capture a lot of photos everyday and they want them to be visually - attractive . this has given rise to automated , one - touch enhancement tools . however , the inability of those tools to provide personalized and content - adaptive enhancement has paved way for mac ←
→ streetstyle : exploring world - wide clothing styles from millions of photos ; each day billions of photographs are uploaded to photo - sharing services and social media platforms . these images are packed with information about how people live around the world . in this paper we exploit this rich trove of data to understand fashion and style trends worldwide . we present a framework for visual discovery at scale , analyzing clothing and fashion across millions of images of people around the world and spanning sev ←
→ similarity matching techniques for fault diagnosis in automotive infotainment electronics ; fault diagnosis has become a very important area of research during the last decade due to the advancement of mechanical and electrical systems in industries . the automobile is a crucial field where fault diagnosis is given a special attention . due to the increasing complexity and newly added features in vehicles , a comprehensive study has to be performed in order to achieve an appropriate diagnosis model . a diagno ←
→ robust face recognition via multimodal deep face representation ; face images appeared in multimedia applications , e . g ., social networks and digital entertainment , usually exhibit dramatic pose , illumination , and expression variations , resulting in considerable performance degradation for traditional face recognition algorithms . this paper proposes a comprehensive deep learning framework to jointly learn face representation using multimodal information . the proposed deep learning structure is composed of a ←
→ deep neural networks on graph signals for brain imaging analysis ; brain imaging data such as eeg or meg are high - dimensional spatiotemporal data often degraded by complex , non - gaussian noise . for reliable analysis of brain imaging data , it is important to extract discriminative , low - dimensional intrinsic representation of the recorded data . this work proposes a new method to learn the low - dimensional representations from the noise - degraded measurements . in particular , our work proposes a new deep neural ne ←
→ supersaliency : predicting smooth pursuit - based attention with slicing cnns improves fixation prediction for naturalistic videos ; predicting attention is a popular topic at the intersection of human and computer vision , but video saliency prediction has only recently begun to benefit from deep learning - based approaches . even though most of the available video - based saliency data sets and models claim to target human observers ' fixations , they fail to differentiate them from smooth pursuit ( sp ), a major ey ←
→ computing posterior probabilities of structural features in bayesian networks ; we study the problem of learning bayesian network structures from data . koivisto and sood ( 2004 ) and koivisto ( 2006 ) presented algorithms that can compute the exact marginal posterior probability of a subnetwork , e . g ., a single edge , in o ( n2n ) time and the posterior probabilities for all n ( n - 1 ) potential edges in o ( n2n ) total time , assuming that the number of parents per node or the indegree is bounded by a constant . one main ←
→ fitness landscape of the cellular automata majority problem : view from the olympus ; in this paper we study cellular automata ( cas ) that perform the computational majority task . this task is a good example of what the phenomenon of emergence in complex systems is . we take an interest in the reasons that make this particular fitness landscape a difficult one . the first goal is to study the landscape as such , and thus it is ideally independent from the actual heuristics used to search the space . however , a ←
→ memory matters : convolutional recurrent neural network for scene text recognition ; text recognition in natural scene is a challenging problem due to the many factors affecting text appearance . in this paper , we presents a method that directly transcribes scene text images to text without needing of sophisticated character segmentation . we leverage recent advances of deep neural networks to model the appearance of scene text images with temporal dynamics . specifically , we integrates convolutional neural n ←
→ learning latent representations for speech generation and transformation ; an ability to model a generative process and learn a latent representation for speech in an unsupervised fashion will be crucial to process vast quantities of unlabelled speech data . recently , deep probabilistic generative models such as variational autoencoders ( vaes ) have achieved tremendous success in modeling natural images . in this paper , we apply a convolutional vae to model the generative process of natural speech . we derive l ←
→ deep value networks learn to evaluate and iteratively refine structured outputs ; we approach structured output prediction by optimizing a deep value network ( dvn ) to precisely estimate the task loss on different output configurations for a given input . once the model is trained , we perform inference by gradient descent on the continuous relaxations of the output variables to find outputs with promising scores from the value network . when applied to image segmentation , the value network takes an image and ←
→ semi - supervised logistic discrimination via labeled data and unlabeled data from different sampling distributions ; this article addresses the problem of classification method based on both labeled and unlabeled data , where we assume that a density function for labeled data is different from that for unlabeled data . we propose a semi - supervised logistic regression model for classification problem along with the technique of covariate shift adaptation . unknown parameters involved in proposed models are est ←
→ convexification of neural graph ; traditionally , most complex intelligence architectures are extremely non - convex , which could not be well performed by convex optimization . however , this paper decomposes complex structures into three types of nodes : operators , algorithms and functions . iteratively , propagating from node to node along edge , we prove that " regarding the tree - structured neural graph , it is nearly convex in each variable , when the other variables are fixed ." in fact , the non - convex properties s ←
→ automatic data deformation analysis on evolving folksonomy driven environment ; the folksodriven framework makes it possible for data scientists to define an ontology environment where searching for buried patterns that have some kind of predictive power to build predictive models more effectively . it accomplishes this through an abstractions that isolate parameters of the predictive modeling process searching for patterns and designing the feature set , too . to reflect the evolving knowledge , this paper c ←
→ effective image retrieval via multilinear multi - index fusion ; multi - index fusion has demonstrated impressive performances in retrieval task by integrating different visual representations in a unified framework . however , previous works mainly consider propagating similarities via neighbor structure , ignoring the high order information among different visual representations . in this paper , we propose a new multi - index fusion scheme for image retrieval . by formulating this procedure as a multilinear based op ←
→ pac - reasoning in relational domains ; we consider the problem of predicting plausible missing facts in relational data , given a set of imperfect logical rules . in particular , our aim is to provide bounds on the ( expected ) number of incorrect inferences that are made in this way . since for classical inference it is in general impossible to bound this number in a non - trivial way , we consider two inference relations that weaken , but remain close in spirit to classical inference .←
→ capturing spatial interdependence in image features : the counting grid , an epitomic representation for bags of features ; in recent scene recognition research images or large image regions are often represented as disorganized " bags " of features which can then be analyzed using models originally developed to capture co - variation of word counts in text . however , image feature counts are likely to be constrained in different ways than word counts in text . for example , as a camera pans upwards from a buildin ←
→ atr4s : toolkit with state - of - the - art automatic terms recognition methods in scala ; automatically recognized terminology is widely used for various domain - specific texts processing tasks , such as machine translation , information retrieval or sentiment analysis . however , there is still no agreement on which methods are best suited for particular settings and , moreover , there is no reliable comparison of already developed methods . we believe that one of the main reasons is the lack of state - of - the - art metho ←
→ a reliability theory of truth ; our approach is basically a coherence approach , but we avoid the well - known pitfalls of coherence theories of truth . consistency is replaced by reliability , which expresses support and attack , and , in principle , every theory ( or agent , message ) counts . at the same time , we do not require a priviledged access to " reality ". a centerpiece of our approach is that we attribute reliability also to agents , messages , etc ., so an unreliable source of information will be less important ←
→ distributed representation for traditional chinese medicine herb via deep learning models ; traditional chinese medicine ( tcm ) has accumulated a big amount of precious resource in the long history of development . tcm prescriptions that consist of tcm herbs are an important form of tcm treatment , which are similar to natural language documents , but in a weakly ordered fashion . directly adapting language modeling style methods to learn the embeddings of the herbs can be problematic as the herbs are not stri ←
→ minimax rates of estimation for sparse pca in high dimensions ; we study sparse principal components analysis in the high - dimensional setting , where $ p $ ( the number of variables ) can be much larger than $ n $ ( the number of observations ). we prove optimal , non - asymptotic lower and upper bounds on the minimax estimation error for the leading eigenvector when it belongs to an $\ ell_q $ ball for $ q \ in [ 0 , 1 ]$. our bounds are sharp in $ p $ and $ n $ for all $ q \ in [ 0 , 1 ]$ over a wide class of distributions . the upper ←
→ adversarial active learning for deep networks : a margin based approach ; we propose a new active learning strategy designed for deep neural networks . the goal is to minimize the number of data annotation queried from an oracle during training . previous active learning strategies scalable for deep networks were mostly based on uncertain sample selection . in this work , we focus on examples lying close to the decision boundary . based on theoretical works on margin theory for active learning , we know that such ←
→ bayes - optimal entropy pursuit for active choice - based preference learning ; we analyze the problem of learning a single user ' s preferences in an active learning setting , sequentially and adaptively querying the user over a finite time horizon . learning is conducted via choice - based queries , where the user selects her preferred option among a small subset of offered alternatives . these queries have been shown to be a robust and efficient way to learn an individual ' s preferences . we take a parametric approa ←
→ talk to the hand : generating a 3d print from photographs ; this manuscript presents a linear algebra - based technique that only requires two unique photographs from a digital camera to mathematically construct a 3d surface representation which can then be 3d printed . basic computer vision theory and manufacturing principles are also briefly discussed .←
→ vision and learning for deliberative monocular cluttered flight ; cameras provide a rich source of information while being passive , cheap and lightweight for small and medium unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ). in this work we present the first implementation of receding horizon control , which is widely used in ground vehicles , with monocular vision as the only sensing mode for autonomous uav flight in dense clutter . we make it feasible on uavs via a number of contributions : novel coupling of perception and co ←
→ theoretical and practical advances on smoothing for extensive - form games ; sparse iterative methods , in particular first - order methods , are known to be among the most effective in solving large - scale two - player zero - sum extensive - form games . the convergence rates of these methods depend heavily on the properties of the distance - generating function that they are based on . we investigate the acceleration of first - order methods for solving extensive - form games through better design of the dilated entropy funct ←
→ dp - gan : diversity - promoting generative adversarial network for generating informative and diversified text ; existing text generation methods tend to produce repeated and " boring " expressions . to tackle this problem , we propose a new text generation model , called diversity - promoting generative adversarial network ( dp - gan ). the proposed model assigns low reward for repeated text and high reward for " novel " text , encouraging the generator to produce diverse and informative text . moreover , we propose a novel ←
→ baselines and test data for cross - lingual inference ; the recent years have seen a revival of interest in textual entailment , sparked by i ) the emergence of powerful deep neural network learners for natural language processing and ii ) the timely development of large - scale evaluation datasets such as snli . recast as natural language inference , the problem now amounts to detecting the relation between pairs of statements : they either contradict or entail one another , or they are mutually neutral . current rese ←
→ compatible value gradients for reinforcement learning of continuous deep policies ; this paper proposes gprop , a deep reinforcement learning algorithm for continuous policies with compatible function approximation . the algorithm is based on two innovations . firstly , we present a temporal - difference based method for learning the gradient of the value - function . secondly , we present the deviator - actor - critic ( dac ) model , which comprises three neural networks that estimate the value function , its gradient , an ←
→ truncated variational sampling for " black box " optimization of generative models ; we investigate the optimization of two probabilistic generative models with binary latent variables using a novel variational em approach . the approach distinguishes itself from previous variational approaches by using latent states as variational parameters . here we use efficient and general purpose sampling procedures to vary the latent states , and investigate the " black box " applicability of the resulting optimization pr ←
→ predicting adolescent suicide attempts with neural networks ; though suicide is a major public health problem in the us , machine learning methods are not commonly used to predict an individual ' s risk of attempting / committing suicide . in the present work , starting with an anonymized collection of electronic health records for 522 , 056 unique , california - resident adolescents , we develop neural network models to predict suicide attempts . we frame the problem as a binary classification problem in which we use a ←
→ temiar reduplication in one - level prosodic morphology ; temiar reduplication is a difficult piece of prosodic morphology . this paper presents the first computational analysis of temiar reduplication , using the novel finite - state approach of one - level prosodic morphology originally developed by walther ( 1999b , 2000 ). after reviewing both the data and the basic tenets of one - level prosodic morphology , the analysis is laid out in some detail , using the notation of the fsa utilities finite - state toolkit ( van no ←
→ preferred extensions as stable models ; given an argumentation framework af , we introduce a mapping function that constructs a disjunctive logic program p , such that the preferred extensions of af correspond to the stable models of p , after intersecting each stable model with the relevant atoms . the given mapping function is of polynomial size w . r . t . af . in particular , we identify that there is a direct relationship between the minimal models of a propositional formula and the preferred extensions of an arg ←
→ partitioning relational matrices of similarities or dissimilarities using the value of information ; in this paper , we provide an approach to clustering relational matrices whose entries correspond to either similarities or dissimilarities between objects . our approach is based on the value of information , a parameterized , information - theoretic criterion that measures the change in costs associated with changes in information . optimizing the value of information yields a deterministic annealing style of c ←
→ a finite state and data - oriented method for grapheme to phoneme conversion ; a finite - state method , based on leftmost longest - match replacement , is presented for segmenting words into graphemes , and for converting graphemes into phonemes . a small set of hand - crafted conversion rules for dutch achieves a phoneme accuracy of over 93 %. the accuracy of the system is further improved by using transformation - based learning . the phoneme accuracy of the best system ( using a large set of rule templates and a ` lazy ←
→ lpar - 05 workshop : empirically successfull automated reasoning in higher - order logic ( eshol ) ; this workshop brings together practioners and researchers who are involved in the everyday aspects of logical systems based on higher - order logic . we hope to create a friendly and highly interactive setting for discussions around the following four topics . implementation and development of proof assistants based on any notion of impredicativity , automated theorem proving tools for higher - order logic reasoning sys ←
→ neural network - based automatic liver tumor segmentation with random forest - based candidate filtering ; we present a fully automatic method employing convolutional neural networks based on the 2d u - net architecture and random forest classifier to solve the automatic liver lesion segmentation problem of the isbi 2017 liver tumor segmentation challenge ( lits ). in order to constrain the roi in which the tumors could be located , a liver segmentation is performed first . for the organ segmentation , an ensemble o ←
→ autoperf : a generalized zero - positive learning system to detect software performance anomalies ; in this paper , we present autoperf , a generalized software performance anomaly detection system . autoperf uses autoencoders , an unsupervised learning technique , and hardware performance counters to learn the performance signatures of parallel programs . it then uses this knowledge to identify when newer versions of the program suffer performance penalties , while simultaneously providing root cause analysis to h ←
→ unifying computing and cognition : the sp theory and its applications ; this book develops the conjecture that all kinds of information processing in computers and in brains may usefully be understood as " information compression by multiple alignment , unification and search ". this " sp theory ", which has been under development since 1987 , provides a unified view of such things as the workings of a universal turing machine , the nature of ' knowledge ', the interpretation and production of natural language , patte ←
→ accuracy of map segmentation with hidden potts and markov mesh prior models via path constrained viterbi training , iterated conditional modes and graph cut based algorithms ; in this paper , we study statistical classification accuracy of two different markov field environments for pixelwise image segmentation , considering the labels of the image as hidden states and solving the estimation of such labels as a solution of the map equation . the emission distribution is assumed the same in all models , and t ←
→ dempster ' s rule for evidence ordered in a complete directed acyclic graph ; for the case of evidence ordered in a complete directed acyclic graph this paper presents a new algorithm with lower computational complexity for dempster ' s rule than that of step - by - step application of dempster ' s rule . in this problem , every original pair of evidences , has a corresponding evidence against the simultaneous belief in both propositions . in this case , it is uncertain whether the propositions of any two evidences are ←
→ concept relation discovery and innovation enabling technology ( cordiet ) ; concept relation discovery and innovation enabling technology ( cordiet ), is a toolbox for gaining new knowledge from unstructured text data . at the core of cordiet is the c - k theory which captures the essential elements of innovation . the tool uses formal concept analysis ( fca ), emergent self organizing maps ( esom ) and hidden markov models ( hmm ) as main artifacts in the analysis process . the user can define temporal , text mining and c ←
→ gated recurrent networks for seizure detection ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) with sophisticated units that implement a gating mechanism have emerged as powerful technique for modeling sequential signals such as speech or electroencephalography ( eeg ). the latter is the focus on this paper . a significant big data resource , known as the tuh eeg corpus ( tueeg ), has recently become available for eeg research , creating a unique opportunity to evaluate these recurrent units on the task of seizure detection . i ←
→ a new approach of learning hierarchy construction based on fuzzy logic ; in recent years , adaptive learning systems rely increasingly on learning hierarchy to customize the educational logic developed in their courses . most approaches do not consider that the relationships of prerequisites between the skills are fuzzy relationships . in this article , we describe a new approach of a practical application of fuzzy logic techniques to the construction of learning hierarchies . for this , we use a learning hierarc ←
→ light field super resolution through controlled micro - shifts of light field sensor ; light field cameras presents new capabilities , such as post - capture refocusing and aperture control , through capturing directional and spatial distribution of light rays in space . among different light field camera implementations , micro - lens array based light field cameras is a cost - effective and compact approach to capture light field . one drawback of the micro - lens array based light field cameras is low spatial resolut ←
→ csal : self - adaptive labeling based clustering integrating supervised learning on unlabeled data ; supervised classification approaches can predict labels for unknown data because of the supervised training process . the success of classification is heavily dependent on the labeled training data . differently , clustering is effective in revealing the aggregation property of unlabeled data , but the performance of most clustering methods is limited by the absence of labeled data . in real applications , however ,←
→ scalable multimodal convolutional networks for brain tumour segmentation ; brain tumour segmentation plays a key role in computer - assisted surgery . deep neural networks have increased the accuracy of automatic segmentation significantly , however these models tend to generalise poorly to different imaging modalities than those for which they have been designed , thereby limiting their applications . for example , a network architecture initially designed for brain parcellation of monomodal t1 mri can not be eas ←
→ xunit : learning a spatial activation function for efficient image restoration ; in recent years , deep neural networks ( dnns ) achieved unprecedented performance in many low - level vision tasks . however , state - of - the - art results are typically achieved by very deep networks , which can reach tens of layers with tens of millions of parameters . to make dnns implementable on platforms with limited resources , it is necessary to weaken the tradeoff between performance and efficiency . in this paper , we propose a new ←
→ improved deep learning baselines for ubuntu corpus dialogs ; this paper presents results of our experiments for the next utterance ranking on the ubuntu dialog corpus -- the largest publicly available multi - turn dialog corpus . first , we use an in - house implementation of previously reported models to do an independent evaluation using the same data . second , we evaluate the performances of various lstms , bi - lstms and cnns on the dataset . third , we create an ensemble by averaging predictions of multiple models ←
→ crossing the road without traffic lights : an android - based safety device ; in the absence of pedestrian crossing lights , finding a safe moment to cross the road is often hazardous and challenging , especially for people with visual impairments . we present a reliable low - cost solution , an android device attached to a traffic sign or lighting pole near the crossing , indicating whether it is safe to cross the road . the indication can be by sound , display , vibration , and various communication modalities provided ←
→ multi - object tracking and identification over sets ; the ability for an autonomous agent or robot to track and identify potentially multiple objects in a dynamic environment is essential for many applications , such as automated surveillance , traffic monitoring , human - robot interaction , etc . the main challenge is due to the noisy and incomplete perception including inevitable false negative and false positive errors from a low - level detector . in this paper , we propose a novel multi - object tracking and identi ←
→ quantum energy regression using scattering transforms ; we present a novel approach to the regression of quantum mechanical energies based on a scattering transform of an intermediate electron density representation . a scattering transform is a deep convolution network computed with a cascade of multiscale wavelet transforms . it possesses appropriate invariant and stability properties for quantum energy regression . this new framework removes fundamental limitations of coulomb matrix based energy regressions ←
→ falsification and future performance ; we information - theoretically reformulate two measures of capacity from statistical learning theory : empirical vc - entropy and empirical rademacher complexity . we show these capacity measures count the number of hypotheses about a dataset that a learning algorithm falsifies when it finds the classifier in its repertoire minimizing empirical risk . it then follows from that the future performance of predictors on unseen data is controlled in part by how many hypotheses the ←
→ algorithm for sector spectra calculation from images registered by the spectral airglow temperature imager ; the spectral airglow temperature imager is an instrument , specially designed for investigation of the wave processes in the mesosphere - lower thermosphere . in order to determine the kinematic parameters of a wave , the values of a physical quantity in different space points and their changes in the time should be known . as a result of the possibilities of the sati instrument for space scanning , diffe ←
→ genetic and memetic algorithm with diversity equilibrium based on greedy diversification ; the lack of diversity in a genetic algorithm ' s population may lead to a bad performance of the genetic operators since there is not an equilibrium between exploration and exploitation . in those cases , genetic algorithms present a fast and unsuitable convergence . in this paper we develop a novel hybrid genetic algorithm which attempts to obtain a balance between exploration and exploitation . it confronts the divers ←
→ improved bound for the nystrom ' s method and its application to kernel classification ; we develop two approaches for analyzing the approximation error bound for the nystr \"{ o } m method , one based on the concentration inequality of integral operator , and one based on the compressive sensing theory . we show that the approximation error , measured in the spectral norm , can be improved from $ o ( n /\ sqrt { m })$ to $ o ( n / m ^{ 1 - \ rho })$ in the case of large eigengap , where $ n $ is the total number of data points , $ m $ is ←
→ reduced memory region based deep convolutional neural network detection ; accurate pedestrian detection has a primary role in automotive safety : for example , by issuing warnings to the driver or acting actively on car ' s brakes , it helps decreasing the probability of injuries and human fatalities . in order to achieve very high accuracy , recent pedestrian detectors have been based on convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). unfortunately , such approaches require vast amounts of computational power and memory , pre ←
→ sentiment analysis based on user tag for traditional chinese medicine in weibo ; with the acceptance of western culture and science , traditional chinese medicine ( tcm ) has become a controversial issue in china . so , it ' s important to study the public ' s sentiment and opinion on tcm . the rapid development of online social network , such as twitter , make it convenient and efficient to sample hundreds of millions of people for the aforementioned sentiment study . to the best of our knowledge , the present work is ←
→ encoding spike patterns in multilayer spiking neural networks ; information encoding in the nervous system is supported through the precise spike - timings of neurons ; however , an understanding of the underlying processes by which such representations are formed in the first place remains unclear . here we examine how networks of spiking neurons can learn to encode for input patterns using a fully temporal coding scheme . to this end , we introduce a learning rule for spiking networks containing hidden neurons w ←
→ text classification for authorship attribution analysis ; authorship attribution mainly deals with undecided authorship of literary texts . authorship attribution is useful in resolving issues like uncertain authorship , recognize authorship of unknown texts , spot plagiarism so on . statistical methods can be used to set apart the approach of an author numerically . the basic methodologies that are made use in computational stylometry are word length , sentence length , vocabulary affluence , frequencies etc . each ←
→ clac at semeval - 2016 task 11 : exploring linguistic and psycho - linguistic features for complex word identification ; this paper describes the system deployed by the clac - edlk team to the " semeval 2016 , complex word identification task ". the goal of the task is to identify if a given word in a given context is " simple " or " complex ". our system relies on linguistic features and cognitive complexity . we used several supervised models , however the random forest model outperformed the others . overall our best c ←
→ learning deep representation for face alignment with auxiliary attributes ; in this study , we show that landmark detection or face alignment task is not a single and independent problem . instead , its robustness can be greatly improved with auxiliary information . specifically , we jointly optimize landmark detection together with the recognition of heterogeneous but subtly correlated facial attributes , such as gender , expression , and appearance attributes . this is non - trivial since different attribute infer ←
→ welfare of sequential allocation mechanisms for indivisible goods ; sequential allocation is a simple and attractive mechanism for the allocation of indivisible goods . agents take turns , according to a policy , to pick items . sequential allocation is guaranteed to return an allocation which is efficient but may not have an optimal social welfare . we consider therefore the relation between welfare and efficiency . we study the ( computational ) questions of what welfare is possible or necessary depending on the ←
→ houdini : fooling deep structured prediction models ; generating adversarial examples is a critical step for evaluating and improving the robustness of learning machines . so far , most existing methods only work for classification and are not designed to alter the true performance measure of the problem at hand . we introduce a novel flexible approach named houdini for generating adversarial examples specifically tailored for the final performance measure of the task considered , be it combinatorial and non - dec ←
→ extraction of semantic relations from a basque monolingual dictionary using constraint grammar ; this paper deals with the exploitation of dictionaries for the semi - automatic construction of lexicons and lexical knowledge bases . the final goal of our research is to enrich the basque lexical database with semantic information such as senses , definitions , semantic relations , etc ., extracted from a basque monolingual dictionary . the work here presented focuses on the extraction of the semantic relations that ←
→ greta - a novel global and recursive tracking algorithm in three dimensions ; tracking multiple moving targets allows quantitative measure of the dynamic behavior in systems as diverse as animal groups in biology , turbulence in fluid dynamics and crowd and traffic control . in three dimensions , tracking several targets becomes increasingly hard since optical occlusions are very likely , i . e . two featureless targets frequently overlap for several frames . occlusions are particularly frequent in biological gro ←
→ multimodal diffusion geometry by joint diagonalization of laplacians ; we construct an extension of diffusion geometry to multiple modalities through joint approximate diagonalization of laplacian matrices . this naturally extends classical data analysis tools based on spectral geometry , such as diffusion maps and spectral clustering . we provide several synthetic and real examples of manifold learning , retrieval , and clustering demonstrating that the joint diffusion geometry frequently better captures the in ←
→ distributable consistent multi - graph matching ; in this paper we propose an optimization - based framework to multiple graph matching . the framework takes as input maps computed between pairs of graphs , and outputs maps that 1 ) are consistent among all pairs of graphs , and 2 ) preserve edge connectivity between pairs of graphs . the central idea of our approach is to divide the input graph into overlapping sub - graphs and enforce consistency among sub - graphs . this leads to a distributed formulation , which is sca ←
→ a novel bayesian classifier using copula functions ; a useful method for representing bayesian classifiers is through \ emph { discriminant functions }. here , using copula functions , we propose a new model for discriminants . this model provides a rich and generalized class of decision boundaries . these decision boundaries significantly boost the classification accuracy especially for high dimensional feature spaces . we strengthen our analysis through simulation results .←
→ semantic diversity versus visual diversity in visual dictionaries ; visual dictionaries are a critical component for image classification / retrieval systems based on the bag - of - visual - words ( bovw ) model . dictionaries are usually learned without supervision from a training set of images sampled from the collection of interest . however , for large , general - purpose , dynamic image collections ( e . g ., the web ), obtaining a representative sample in terms of semantic concepts is not straightforward . in this paper , we ←
→ non - deterministic policies in markovian decision processes ; markovian processes have long been used to model stochastic environments . reinforcement learning has emerged as a framework to solve sequential planning and decision - making problems in such environments . in recent years , attempts were made to apply methods from reinforcement learning to construct decision support systems for action selection in markovian environments . although conventional methods in reinforcement learning have proved to be useful ←
→ joint recursive monocular filtering of camera motion and disparity map ; monocular scene reconstruction is essential for modern applications such as robotics or autonomous driving . although stereo methods usually result in better accuracy than monocular methods , they are more expensive and more difficult to calibrate . in this work , we present a novel second order optimal minimum energy filter that jointly estimates the camera motion , the disparity map and also higher order kinematics recursively on a produc ←
→ information theoretic co - training ; this paper introduces an information theoretic co - training objective for unsupervised learning . we consider the problem of predicting the future . rather than predict future sensations ( image pixels or sound waves ) we predict " hypotheses " to be confirmed by future sensations . more formally , we assume a population distribution on pairs $( x , y )$ where we can think of $ x $ as a past sensation and $ y $ as a future sensation . we train both a predictor model $ p_ \ phi ( z | x )$ and a con ←
→ an unsupervised model with attention autoencoders for question retrieval ; question retrieval is a crucial subtask for community question answering . previous research focus on supervised models which depend heavily on training data and manual feature engineering . in this paper , we propose a novel unsupervised framework , namely reduced attentive matching network ( ramn ), to compute semantic matching between two questions . our ramn integrates together the deep semantic representations , the shallow lexical mism ←
→ a novel online multi - label classifier for high - speed streaming data applications ; in this paper , a high - speed online neural network classifier based on extreme learning machines for multi - label classification is proposed . in multi - label classification , each of the input data sample belongs to one or more than one of the target labels . the traditional binary and multi - class classification where each sample belongs to only one target class forms the subset of multi - label classification . multi - label classif ←
→ hierarchical recursive running median ; to date , the histogram - based running median filter of perreault and h \' ebert is considered the fastest for 8 - bit images , being roughly o ( 1 ) in average case . we present here another approximately constant time algorithm which further improves the aforementioned one and exhibits lower associated constant , being at the time of writing the lowest theoretical complexity algorithm for calculation of 2d and higher dimensional median filters . the algorithm scales naturally to ←
→ megapixel size image creation using generative adversarial networks ; since its appearance , generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have received a lot of interest in the ai community . in image generation several projects showed how gans are able to generate photorealistic images but the results so far did not look adequate for the quality standard of visual media production industry . we present an optimized image generation process based on a deep convolutional generative adversarial networks ( dcgans ), in o ←
→ bringing background into the foreground : making all classes equal in weakly - supervised video semantic segmentation ; pixel - level annotations are expensive and time - consuming to obtain . hence , weak supervision using only image tags could have a significant impact in semantic segmentation . recent years have seen great progress in weakly - supervised semantic segmentation , whether from a single image or from videos . however , most existing methods are designed to handle a single background class . in practical a ←
→ the big data bootstrap ; the bootstrap provides a simple and powerful means of assessing the quality of estimators . however , in settings involving large datasets , the computation of bootstrap - based quantities can be prohibitively demanding . as an alternative , we present the bag of little bootstraps ( blb ), a new procedure which incorporates features of both the bootstrap and subsampling to obtain a robust , computationally efficient means of assessing estimator quality . blb is well suited to modern parallel a ←
→ deep neural networks ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) are universal function approximators providing state - of - the - art solutions on wide range of applications . common perceptual tasks such as speech recognition , image classification , and object tracking are now commonly tackled via dnns . some fundamental problems remain : ( 1 ) the lack of a mathematical framework providing an explicit and interpretable input - output formula for any topology , ( 2 ) quantification of dnns stability regarding adversarial examples ( i . e ←
→ 280 birds with one stone : inducing multilingual taxonomies from wikipedia using character - level classification ; we propose a simple , yet effective , approach towards inducing multilingual taxonomies from wikipedia . given an english taxonomy , our approach leverages the interlanguage links of wikipedia followed by character - level classifiers to induce high - precision , high - coverage taxonomies in other languages . through experiments , we demonstrate that our approach significantly outperforms the state - of - the -←
→ a modified activation function with improved run - times for neural networks ; in this paper we present a modified version of the hyperbolic tangent activation function as a learning unit generator for neural networks . the function uses an integer calibration constant as an approximation to the euler number , e , based on a quadratic real number formula ( rnf ) algorithm and an adaptive normalization constraint on the input activations to avoid the vanishing gradient . we demonstrate the effectiveness of the pro ←
→ beyond turing machines ; this paper discusses " computational " systems capable of " computing " functions not computable by predefined turing machines if the systems are not isolated from their environment . roughly speaking , these systems can change their finite descriptions by interacting with their environment .←
→ attacker and defender counting approach for abstract argumentation ; in dung ' s abstract argumentation , arguments are either acceptable or unacceptable , given a chosen notion of acceptability . this gives a coarse way to compare arguments . in this paper , we propose a counting approach for a more fine - gained assessment to arguments by counting the number of their respective attackers and defenders based on argument graph and argument game . an argument is more acceptable if the proponent puts forward more numbe ←
→ learning variable length units for smt between related languages via byte pair encoding ; we explore the use of segments learnt using byte pair encoding ( referred to as bpe units ) as basic units for statistical machine translation between related languages and compare it with orthographic syllables , which are currently the best performing basic units for this translation task . bpe identifies the most frequent character sequences as basic units , while orthographic syllables are linguistically motivated pse ←
→ behavior and path planning for the coalition of cognitive robots in smart relocation tasks ; in this paper we outline the approach of solving special type of navigation tasks for robotic systems , when a coalition of robots ( agents ) acts in the 2d environment , which can be modified by the actions , and share the same goal location . the latter is originally unreachable for some members of the coalition , but the common task still can be accomplished as the agents can assist each other ( e . g . by modifying the e ←
→ time manipulation technique for speeding up reinforcement learning in simulations ; a technique for speeding up reinforcement learning algorithms by using time manipulation is proposed . it is applicable to failure - avoidance control problems running in a computer simulation . turning the time of the simulation backwards on failure events is shown to speed up the learning by 260 % and improve the state space exploration by 12 % on the cart - pole balancing task , compared to the conventional q - learning and actor -←
→ concept stability for constructing taxonomies of web - site users ; owners of a web - site are often interested in analysis of groups of users of their site . information on these groups can help optimizing the structure and contents of the site . in this paper we use an approach based on formal concepts for constructing taxonomies of user groups . for decreasing the huge amount of concepts that arise in applications , we employ stability index of a concept , which describes how a group given by a concept extent dif ←
→ swgridnet : a deep convolutional neural network based on grid topology for image classification ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) achieve remarkable performance on image classification tasks . recent studies , however , have demonstrated that generalization abilities are more important than the depth of neural networks for improving performance on image classification tasks . herein , a new neural network called swgridnet is proposed . a swgridnet includes many convolutional processing units which conn ←
→ efficient upsampling of natural images ; we propose a novel method of efficient upsampling of a single natural image . current methods for image upsampling tend to produce high - resolution images with either blurry salient edges , or loss of fine textural detail , or spurious noise artifacts . in our method , we mitigate these effects by modeling the input image as a sum of edge and detail layers , operating upon these layers separately , and merging the upscaled results in an automatic fashion . we formulate the ←
→ generalizing pooling functions in convolutional neural networks : mixed , gated , and tree ; we seek to improve deep neural networks by generalizing the pooling operations that play a central role in current architectures . we pursue a careful exploration of approaches to allow pooling to learn and to adapt to complex and variable patterns . the two primary directions lie in ( 1 ) learning a pooling function via ( two strategies of ) combining of max and average pooling , and ( 2 ) learning a pooling function in the ←
→ parallel coordinate descent methods for big data optimization ; in this work we show that randomized ( block ) coordinate descent methods can be accelerated by parallelization when applied to the problem of minimizing the sum of a partially separable smooth convex function and a simple separable convex function . the theoretical speedup , as compared to the serial method , and referring to the number of iterations needed to approximately solve the problem with high probability , is a simple expression depending o ←
→ generalized linear mixing model accounting for endmember variability ; endmember variability is an important factor for accurately unveiling vital information relating the pure materials and their distribution in hyperspectral images . recently , the extended linear mixing model ( elmm ) has been proposed as a modification of the linear mixing model ( lmm ) to consider endmember variability effects resulting mainly from illumination changes . in this paper , we further generalize the elmm leading to a new model ( gl ←
→ large - scale multi - label learning with missing labels ; the multi - label classification problem has generated significant interest in recent years . however , existing approaches do not adequately address two key challenges : ( a ) the ability to tackle problems with a large number ( say millions ) of labels , and ( b ) the ability to handle data with missing labels . in this paper , we directly address both these problems by studying the multi - label problem in a generic empirical risk minimization ( erm ) framework . our f ←
→ toward idealized decision theory ; this paper motivates the study of decision theory as necessary for aligning smarter - than - human artificial systems with human interests . we discuss the shortcomings of two standard formulations of decision theory , and demonstrate that they cannot be used to describe an idealized decision procedure suitable for approximation by artificial systems . we then explore the notions of policy selection and logical counterfactuals , two recent insights into decision theory that point ←
→ a machine learning approach to air traffic route choice modelling ; air traffic flow and capacity management ( atfcm ) is one of the constituent parts of air traffic management ( atm ). the goal of atfcm is to make airport and airspace capacity meet traffic demand and , when capacity opportunities are exhausted , optimise traffic flows to meet the available capacity . one of the key enablers of atfcm is the accurate estimation of future traffic demand . the available information ( schedules , flight plans , etc .) and ←
→ scene recognition with cnns : objects , scales and dataset bias ; since scenes are composed in part of objects , accurate recognition of scenes requires knowledge about both scenes and objects . in this paper we address two related problems : 1 ) scale induced dataset bias in multi - scale convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architectures , and 2 ) how to combine effectively scene - centric and object - centric knowledge ( i . e . places and imagenet ) in cnns . an earlier attempt , hybrid - cnn , showed that incorporating imagenet ←
→ a rough computing based performance evaluation approach for educational institutions ; performance evaluation of various organizations especially educational institutions is a very important area of research and needs to be cultivated more . in this paper , we propose a performance evaluation for educational institutions using rough set on fuzzy approximation spaces with ordering rules and information entropy . in order to measure the performance of educational institutions , we construct an evaluation index ←
→ benefits of depth in neural networks ; for any positive integer $ k $, there exist neural networks with $\ theta ( k ^ 3 )$ layers , $\ theta ( 1 )$ nodes per layer , and $\ theta ( 1 )$ distinct parameters which can not be approximated by networks with $\ mathcal { o }( k )$ layers unless they are exponentially large --- they must possess $\ omega ( 2 ^ k )$ nodes . this result is proved here for a class of nodes termed " semi - algebraic gates " which includes the common choices of relu , maximum , indicator , and piecewise polynomial functio ←
→ dag - based long short - term memory for neural word segmentation ; neural word segmentation has attracted more and more research interests for its ability to alleviate the effort of feature engineering and utilize the external resource by the pre - trained character or word embeddings . in this paper , we propose a new neural model to incorporate the word - level information for chinese word segmentation . unlike the previous word - based models , our model still adopts the framework of character - based sequence labeling ←
→ detection of critical number of people in interlocked doors for security access control by exploiting a microwave transceiver - array ; counting the number of people is something many security application focus on , when dealing with controlling accesses in restricted areas , as it occurs with banks , airports , railway stations and governmental offices . this paper presents an automated solution for detecting the presence of more than one person into interlocked doors adopted in many accesses . in most cases , in ←
→ selection of most appropriate backpropagation training algorithm in data pattern recognition ; there are several training algorithms for backpropagation method in neural network . not all of these algorithms have the same accuracy level demonstrated through the percentage level of suitability in recognizing patterns in the data . in this research tested 12 training algorithms specifically in recognize data patterns of test validity . the basic network parameters used are the maximum allowable epoch = 1000 , t ←
→ 3d - r2n2 : a unified approach for single and multi - view 3d object reconstruction ; inspired by the recent success of methods that employ shape priors to achieve robust 3d reconstructions , we propose a novel recurrent neural network architecture that we call the 3d recurrent reconstruction neural network ( 3d - r2n2 ). the network learns a mapping from images of objects to their underlying 3d shapes from a large collection of synthetic data . our network takes in one or more images of an object instance from arbi ←
→ resolution enhancement of range images via color - image segmentation ; we report a method for super - resolution of range images . our approach leverages the interpretation of lr image as sparse samples on the hr grid . based on this interpretation , we demonstrate that our recently reported approach , which reconstructs dense range images from sparse range data by exploiting a registered colour image , can be applied for the task of resolution enhancement of range images . our method only uses a single colour image ←
→ disturbance grassmann kernels for subspace - based learning ; in this paper , we focus on subspace - based learning problems , where data elements are linear subspaces instead of vectors . to handle this kind of data , grassmann kernels were proposed to measure the space structure and used with classifiers , e . g ., support vector machines ( svms ). however , the existing discriminative algorithms mostly ignore the instability of subspaces , which would cause the classifiers misled by disturbed instances . thus we propose ←
→ learning a dilated residual network for sar image despeckling ; in this paper , to break the limit of the traditional linear models for synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) image despeckling , we propose a novel deep learning approach by learning a non - linear end - to - end mapping between the noisy and clean sar images with a dilated residual network ( sar - drn ). sar - drn is based on dilated convolutions , which can both enlarge the receptive field and maintain the filter size and layer depth with a lightweight structure .←
→ part - based deep hashing for large - scale person re - identification ; large - scale is a trend in person re - identification ( re - id ). it is important that real - time search be performed in a large gallery . while previous methods mostly focus on discriminative learning , this paper makes the attempt in integrating deep learning and hashing into one framework to evaluate the efficiency and accuracy for large - scale person re - id . we integrate spatial information for discriminative visual representation by partitioning t ←
→ relation matroid and its relationship with generalized rough set based on relation ; recently , the relationship between matroids and generalized rough sets based on relations has been studied from the viewpoint of linear independence of matrices . in this paper , we reveal more relationships by the predecessor and successor neighborhoods from relations . first , through these two neighborhoods , we propose a pair of matroids , namely predecessor relation matroid and successor relation matroid , respectively . bas ←
→ training ldcrf model on unsegmented sequences using connectionist temporal classification ; many machine learning problems such as speech recognition , gesture recognition , and handwriting recognition are concerned with simultaneous segmentation and labeling of sequence data . latent - dynamic conditional random field ( ldcrf ) is a well - known discriminative method that has been successfully used for this task . however , ldcrf can only be trained with pre - segmented data sequences in which the label of each frame ←
→ towards a hierarchical model of consciousness , intelligence , mind and body ; this article is taken out .←
→ deep image matting ; image matting is a fundamental computer vision problem and has many applications . previous algorithms have poor performance when an image has similar foreground and background colors or complicated textures . the main reasons are prior methods 1 ) only use low - level features and 2 ) lack high - level context . in this paper , we propose a novel deep learning based algorithm that can tackle both these problems . our deep model has two parts . the first part is a deep convolutional encoder - decoder ←
→ rewriting constraint models with metamodels ; an important challenge in constraint programming is to rewrite constraint models into executable programs calculat - ing the solutions . this phase of constraint processing may require translations between constraint programming lan - guages , transformations of constraint representations , model optimizations , and tuning of solving strategies . in this paper , we introduce a pivot metamodel describing the common fea - tures of constraint models including different kind ←
→ on lower bounds for regret in reinforcement learning ; this is a brief technical note to clarify the state of lower bounds on regret for reinforcement learning . in particular , this paper : - reproduces a lower bound on regret for reinforcement learning , similar to the result of theorem 5 in the journal ucrl2 paper ( jaksch et al 2010 ). - clarifies that the proposed proof of theorem 6 in the regal paper ( bartlett and tewari 2009 ) does not hold using the standard techniques without further work . we suggest ←
→ high performance latent variable models ; latent variable models have accumulated a considerable amount of interest from the industry and academia for their versatility in a wide range of applications . a large amount of effort has been made to develop systems that is able to extend the systems to a large scale , in the hope to make use of them on industry scale data . in this paper , we describe a system that operates at a scale orders of magnitude higher than previous works , and an order of magnitude faster t ←
→ analogs of linguistic structure in deep representations ; we investigate the compositional structure of message vectors computed by a deep network trained on a communication game . by comparing truth - conditional representations of encoder - produced message vectors to human - produced referring expressions , we are able to identify aligned ( vector , utterance ) pairs with the same meaning . we then search for structured relationships among these aligned pairs to discover simple vector space transformations correspon ←
→ analysis in hugin of data conflict ; after a brief introduction to causal probabilistic networks and the hugin approach , the problem of conflicting data is discussed . a measure of conflict is defined , and it is used in the medical diagnostic system munin . finally , it is discussed how to distinguish between conflicting data and a rare case .←
→ nonparametric edge detection in speckled imagery ; we address the issue of edge detection in synthetic aperture radar imagery . in particular , we propose nonparametric methods for edge detection , and numerically compare them to an alternative method that has been recently proposed in the literature . our results show that some of the proposed methods display superior results and are computationally simpler than the existing method . an application to real ( not simulated ) data is presented and discussed .←
→ discovering support and affiliated features from very high dimensions ; in this paper , a novel learning paradigm is presented to automatically identify groups of informative and correlated features from very high dimensions . specifically , we explicitly incorporate correlation measures as constraints and then propose an efficient embedded feature selection method using recently developed cutting plane strategy . the benefits of the proposed algorithm are two - folds . first , it can identify the optimal discrimin ←
→ unsupervised learning with imbalanced data via structure consolidation latent variable model ; unsupervised learning on imbalanced data is challenging because , when given imbalanced data , current model is often dominated by the major category and ignores the categories with small amount of data . we develop a latent variable model that can cope with imbalanced data by dividing the latent space into a shared space and a private space . based on gaussian process latent variable models , we propose a new kernel ←
→ generalizing k - means for an arbitrary distance matrix ; the original k - means clustering method works only if the exact vectors representing the data points are known . therefore calculating the distances from the centroids needs vector operations , since the average of abstract data points is undefined . existing algorithms can be extended for those cases when the sole input is the distance matrix , and the exact representing vectors are unknown . this extension may be named relational k - means after a notation f ←
→ world literature according to wikipedia : introduction to a dbpedia - based framework ; among the manifold takes on world literature , it is our goal to contribute to the discussion from a digital point of view by analyzing the representation of world literature in wikipedia with its millions of articles in hundreds of languages . as a preliminary , we introduce and compare three different approaches to identify writers on wikipedia using data from dbpedia , a community project with the goal of extracting and pr ←
→ content - adaptive sketch portrait generation by decompositional representation learning ; sketch portrait generation benefits a wide range of applications such as digital entertainment and law enforcement . although plenty of efforts have been dedicated to this task , several issues still remain unsolved for generating vivid and detail - preserving personal sketch portraits . for example , quite a few artifacts may exist in synthesizing hairpins and glasses , and textural details may be lost in the regions of hai ←
→ matic : adaptation and in - situ canaries for energy - efficient neural network acceleration ; - the primary author has withdrawn this paper due to conflict of interest - we present matic ( memory - adaptive training and in - situ canaries ), a voltage scaling methodology that addresses the sram efficiency bottleneck in dnn accelerators . to overscale dnn weight srams , matic combines specific characteristics of destructive sram reads with the error resilience of neural networks in a memory - adaptive training process . ←
→ hybrid processing of beliefs and constraints ; this paper explores algorithms for processing probabilistic and deterministic information when the former is represented as a belief network and the latter as a set of boolean clauses . the motivating tasks are 1 . evaluating beliefs networks having a large number of deterministic relationships and2 . evaluating probabilities of complex boolean querie over a belief network . we propose a parameterized family of variable elimination algorithms that exploit both type ←
→ a bayesian tensor factorization model via variational inference for link prediction ; probabilistic approaches for tensor factorization aim to extract meaningful structure from incomplete data by postulating low rank constraints . recently , variational bayesian ( vb ) inference techniques have successfully been applied to large scale models . this paper presents full bayesian inference via vb on both single and coupled tensor factorization models . our method can be run even for very large models and is easily ←
→ survey : natural language parsing for indian languages ; syntactic parsing is a necessary task which is required for nlp applications including machine translation . it is a challenging task to develop a qualitative parser for morphological rich and agglutinative languages . syntactic analysis is used to understand the grammatical structure of a natural language sentence . it outputs all the grammatical information of each word and its constituent . also issues related to it help us to understand the language in ←
→ a factorization approach to inertial affine structure from motion ; we consider the problem of reconstructing a 3 - d scene from a moving camera with high frame rate using the affine projection model . this problem is traditionally known as affine structure from motion ( affine sfm ), and can be solved using an elegant low - rank factorization formulation . in this paper , we assume that an accelerometer and gyro are rigidly mounted with the camera , so that synchronized linear acceleration and angular velocity measu ←
→ convolutional neural networks pretrained on large face recognition datasets for emotion classification from video ; in this paper we describe a solution to our entry for the emotion recognition challenge emotiw 2017 . we propose an ensemble of several models , which capture spatial and audio features from videos . spatial features are captured by convolutional neural networks , pretrained on large face recognition datasets . we show that usage of strong industry - level face recognition networks increases the ac ←
→ joint transmission map estimation and dehazing using deep networks ; single image haze removal is an extremely challenging problem due to its inherent ill - posed nature . several prior - based and learning - based methods have been proposed in the literature to solve this problem and they have achieved superior results . however , most of the existing methods assume constant atmospheric light model and tend to follow a two - step procedure involving prior - based methods for estimating transmission map followed by cal ←
→ encoding high dimensional local features by sparse coding based fisher vectors ; deriving from the gradient vector of a generative model of local features , fisher vector coding ( fvc ) has been identified as an effective coding method for image classification . most , if not all , % fvc implementations employ the gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) to characterize the generation process of local features . this choice has shown to be sufficient for traditional low dimensional local features , e . g ., sift ; and typically ,←
→ saga and restricted strong convexity ; saga is a fast incremental gradient method on the finite sum problem and its effectiveness has been tested on a vast of applications . in this paper , we analyze saga on a class of non - strongly convex and non - convex statistical problem such as lasso , group lasso , logistic regression with $\ ell_1 $ regularization , linear regression with scad regularization and correct lasso . we prove that saga enjoys the linear convergence rate up to the statistical estimation accuracy , un ←
→ grounded language learning in a simulated 3d world ; we are increasingly surrounded by artificially intelligent technology that takes decisions and executes actions on our behalf . this creates a pressing need for general means to communicate with , instruct and guide artificial agents , with human language the most compelling means for such communication . to achieve this in a scalable fashion , agents must be able to relate language to the world and to actions ; that is , their understanding of language must be ←
→ segmentation of facial expressions using semi - definite programming and generalized principal component analysis ; in this paper , we use semi - definite programming and generalized principal component analysis ( gpca ) to distinguish between two or more different facial expressions . in the first step , semi - definite programming is used to reduce the dimension of the image data and " unfold " the manifold which the data points ( corresponding to facial expressions ) reside on . next , gpca is used to fit a series of s ←
→ low - rank boolean matrix approximation by integer programming ; low - rank approximations of data matrices are an important dimensionality reduction tool in machine learning and regression analysis . we consider the case of categorical variables , where it can be formulated as the problem of finding low - rank approximations to boolean matrices . in this paper we give what is to the best of our knowledge the first integer programming formulation that relies on only polynomially many variables and constraints , we di ←
→ training language models using target - propagation ; while truncated back - propagation through time ( bptt ) is the most popular approach to training recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), it suffers from being inherently sequential ( making parallelization difficult ) and from truncating gradient flow between distant time - steps . we investigate whether target propagation ( tprop ) style approaches can address these shortcomings . unfortunately , extensive experiments suggest that tprop generally underperforms bptt , and we ←
→ evaluation for uncertain image classification and segmentation ; each year , numerous segmentation and classification algorithms are invented or reused to solve problems where machine vision is needed . generally , the efficiency of these algorithms is compared against the results given by one or many human experts . however , in many situations , the location of the real boundaries of the objects as well as their classes are not known with certainty by the human experts . furthermore , only one aspect of the segme ←
→ riemannian stochastic variance reduced gradient ; stochastic variance reduction algorithms have recently become popular for minimizing the average of a large but finite number of loss functions . in this paper , we propose a novel riemannian extension of the euclidean stochastic variance reduced gradient algorithm ( r - svrg ) to a manifold search space . the key challenges of averaging , adding , and subtracting multiple gradients are addressed with retraction and vector transport . we present a global convergence a ←
→ integer echo state networks : hyperdimensional reservoir computing ; we propose an integer approximation of echo state networks ( esn ) based on the mathematics of hyperdimensional computing . the reservoir of the proposed integer echo state network ( intesn ) contains only n - bits integers and replaces the recurrent matrix multiply with an efficient cyclic shift operation . such an architecture results in dramatic improvements in memory footprint and computational efficiency , with minimal performance loss . our arc ←
→ beyond sparsity : tree regularization of deep models for interpretability ; the lack of interpretability remains a key barrier to the adoption of deep models in many applications . in this work , we explicitly regularize deep models so human users might step through the process behind their predictions in little time . specifically , we train deep time - series models so their class - probability predictions have high accuracy while being closely modeled by decision trees with few nodes . using intuitive toy examples ←
→ environmental sounds spectrogram classification using log - gabor filters and multiclass support vector machines ; this paper presents novel approaches for efficient feature extraction using environmental sound magnitude spectrogram . we propose approach based on the visual domain . this approach included three methods . the first method is based on extraction for each spectrogram a single log - gabor filter followed by mutual information procedure . in the second method , the spectrogram is passed by the same ste ←
→ recovering true classifier performance in positive - unlabeled learning ; a common approach in positive - unlabeled learning is to train a classification model between labeled and unlabeled data . this strategy is in fact known to give an optimal classifier under mild conditions ; however , it results in biased empirical estimates of the classifier performance . in this work , we show that the typically used performance measures such as the receiver operating characteristic curve , or the precision - recall curve obtai ←
→ centroid - based summarization of multiple documents : sentence extraction , utility - based evaluation , and user studies ; we present a multi - document summarizer , called mead , which generates summaries using cluster centroids produced by a topic detection and tracking system . we also describe two new techniques , based on sentence utility and subsumption , which we have applied to the evaluation of both single and multiple document summaries . finally , we describe two user studies that test our models of multi - do ←
→ robust probabilistic inference in distributed systems ; probabilistic inference problems arise naturally in distributed systems such as sensor networks and teams of mobile robots . inference algorithms that use message passing are a natural fit for distributed systems , but they must be robust to the failure situations that arise in real - world settings , such as unreliable communication and node failures . unfortunately , the popular sum - product algorithm can yield very poor estimates in these settings because t ←
→ sketch layer separation in multi - spectral historical document images ; high - resolution imaging has delivered new prospects for detecting the material composition and structure of cultural treasures . despite the various techniques for analysis , a significant diagnostic gap remained in the range of available research capabilities for works on paper . old master drawings were mostly composed in a multi - step manner with various materials . this resulted in the overlapping of different layers which made the subjac ←
→ tools and resources for romanian text - to - speech and speech - to - text applications ; in this paper we introduce a set of resources and tools aimed at providing support for natural language processing , text - to - speech synthesis and speech recognition for romanian . while the tools are general purpose and can be used for any language ( we successfully trained our system for more than 50 languages and participated in the universal dependencies shared task ), the resources are only relevant for romanian language pro ←
→ registration of standardized histological images in feature space ; in this paper , we propose three novel and important methods for the registration of histological images for 3d reconstruction . first , possible intensity variations and nonstandardness in images are corrected by an intensity standardization process which maps the image scale into a standard scale where the similar intensities correspond to similar tissues meaning . second , 2d histological images are mapped into a feature space where continuou ←
→ monitoring tool usage in cataract surgery videos using boosted convolutional and recurrent neural networks ; with an estimated 19 million operations performed annually , cataract surgery is the most common surgical procedure . this paper investigates the automatic monitoring of tool usage during a cataract surgery , with potential applications in report generation , surgical training and real - time decision support . in this study , tool usage is monitored in videos recorded through the surgical microscope . foll ←
→ cascade attribute learning network ; we propose the cascade attribute learning network ( calnet ), which can learn attributes in a control task separately and assemble them together . our contribution is twofold : first we propose attribute learning in reinforcement learning ( rl ). attributes used to be modeled using constraint functions or terms in the objective function , making it hard to transfer . attribute learning , on the other hand , models these task properties as modules in the policy network . we also pro ←
→ on the complexity of policy iteration ; decision - making problems in uncertain or stochastic domains are often formulated as markov decision processes ( mdps ). policy iteration ( pi ) is a popular algorithm for searching over policy - space , the size of which is exponential in the number of states . we are interested in bounds on the complexity of pi that do not depend on the value of the discount factor . in this paper we prove the first such non - trivial , worst - case , upper bounds on the number of iterations requir ←
→ occlusion handling using semantic segmentation and visibility - based rendering for mixed reality ; real - time occlusion handling is a major problem in outdoor mixed reality system because it requires great computational cost mainly due to the complexity of the scene . using only segmentation , it is difficult to accurately render a virtual object occluded by complex objects such as trees , bushes etc . in this paper , we propose a novel occlusion handling method for real - time , outdoor , and omni - directional mixed ←
→ unfair items detection in educational measurement ; measurement professionals cannot come to an agreement on the definition of the term ' item fairness '. in this paper a continuous measure of item unfairness is proposed . the more the unfairness measure deviates from zero , the less fair the item is . if the measure exceeds the cutoff value , the item is identified as definitely unfair . the new approach can identify unfair items that would not be identified with conventional procedures . the results are in accord ←
→ vehicle speed detecting app ; the report presents the measurement of vehicular speed using a smartphone camera . the speed measurement is accomplished by detecting the position of the vehicle on a camera frame using the lbp cascade classifier of opencv api , the displacement of the detected vehicle with time is used to compute the speed . conversion coefficient is determined to map the pixel displacement to actual vehicle distance . the speeds measured are proportional to the ground truth speeds .←
→ multi - view learning for web spam detection ; spam pages are designed to maliciously appear among the top search results by excessive usage of popular terms . therefore , spam pages should be removed using an effective and efficient spam detection system . previous methods for web spam classification used several features from various information sources ( page contents , web graph , access logs , etc .) to detect web spam . in this paper , we follow page - level classification approach to build fast and scalable spam f ←
→ fast nonsmooth regularized risk minimization with continuation ; in regularized risk minimization , the associated optimization problem becomes particularly difficult when both the loss and regularizer are nonsmooth . existing approaches either have slow or unclear convergence properties , are restricted to limited problem subclasses , or require careful setting of a smoothing parameter . in this paper , we propose a continuation algorithm that is applicable to a large class of nonsmooth regularized risk minimiza ←
→ implementing default and autoepistemic logics via the logic of gk ; the logic of knowledge and justified assumptions , also known as logic of grounded knowledge ( gk ), was proposed by lin and shoham as a general logic for nonmonotonic reasoning . to date , it has been used to embed in it default logic ( propositional case ), autoepistemic logic , turner ' s logic of universal causation , and general logic programming under stable model semantics . besides showing the generality of gk as a logic for nonmonotonic reason ←
→ multi - sensor conflict measurement and information fusion ; in sensing applications where multiple sensors observe the same scene , fusing sensor outputs can provide improved results . however , if some of the sensors are providing lower quality outputs , the fused results can be degraded . in this work , a multi - sensor conflict measure is proposed which estimates multi - sensor conflict by representing each sensor output as interval - valued information and examines the sensor output overlaps on all possible n - tuple ←
→ least angle and $\ ell_1 $ penalized regression : a review ; least angle regression is a promising technique for variable selection applications , offering a nice alternative to stepwise regression . it provides an explanation for the similar behavior of lasso ($\ ell_1 $- penalized regression ) and forward stagewise regression , and provides a fast implementation of both . the idea has caught on rapidly , and sparked a great deal of research interest . in this paper , we give an overview of least angle regression and th ←
→ average - case active learning with costs ; we analyze the expected cost of a greedy active learning algorithm . our analysis extends previous work to a more general setting in which different queries have different costs . moreover , queries may have more than two possible responses and the distribution over hypotheses may be non uniform . specific applications include active learning with label costs , active learning for multiclass and partial label queries , and batch mode active learning . we also discuss an ap ←
→ sspp - dan : deep domain adaptation network for face recognition with single sample per person ; real - world face recognition using a single sample per person ( sspp ) is a challenging task . the problem is exacerbated if the conditions under which the gallery image and the probe set are captured are completely different . to address these issues from the perspective of domain adaptation , we introduce an sspp domain adaptation network ( sspp - dan ). in the proposed approach , domain adaptation , feature extraction , an ←
→ depth estimation using structured light flow -- analysis of projected pattern flow on an object ' s surface -- ; shape reconstruction techniques using structured light have been widely researched and developed due to their robustness , high precision , and density . because the techniques are based on decoding a pattern to find correspondences , it implicitly requires that the projected patterns be clearly captured by an image sensor , i . e ., to avoid defocus and motion blur of the projected pattern . although int ←
→ attention - based convolutional neural network for machine comprehension ; understanding open - domain text is one of the primary challenges in natural language processing ( nlp ). machine comprehension benchmarks evaluate the system ' s ability to understand text based on the text content only . in this work , we investigate machine comprehension on mctest , a question answering ( qa ) benchmark . prior work is mainly based on feature engineering approaches . we come up with a neural network framework , named hierarchical ←
→ tensorquant - a simulation toolbox for deep neural network quantization ; recent research implies that training and inference of deep neural networks ( dnn ) can be computed with low precision numerical representations of the training / test data , weights and gradients without a general loss in accuracy . the benefit of such compact representations is twofold : they allow a significant reduction of the communication bottleneck in distributed dnn training and faster neural network implementations on hardware accel ←
→ predicting human eye fixations via an lstm - based saliency attentive model ; data - driven saliency has recently gained a lot of attention thanks to the use of convolutional neural networks for predicting gaze fixations . in this paper we go beyond standard approaches to saliency prediction , in which gaze maps are computed with a feed - forward network , and we present a novel model which can predict accurate saliency maps by incorporating neural attentive mechanisms . the core of our solution is a convolutional ←
→ robust tracking of respiratory rate in high - dynamic range scenes using mobile thermal imaging ; the ability to monitor respiratory rate is extremely important for medical treatment , healthcare and fitness sectors . in many situations , mobile methods , which allow users to undertake every day activities , are required . however , current monitoring systems can be obtrusive , requiring users to wear respiration belts or nasal probes . recent advances in thermographic systems have shrunk their size , weight and cost ←
→ convolutional neural networks for automatic state - time feature extraction in reinforcement learning applied to residential load control ; direct load control of a heterogeneous cluster of residential demand flexibility sources is a high - dimensional control problem with partial observability . this work proposes a novel approach that uses a convolutional neural network to extract hidden state - time features to mitigate the curse of partial observability . more specific , a convolutional neural network is used ←
→ the complexity of learning principles and parameters grammars ; we investigate models for learning the class of context - free and context - sensitive languages ( cfls and csls ). we begin with a brief discussion of some early hardness results which show that unrestricted language learning is impossible , and unrestricted cfl learning is computationally infeasible ; we then briefly survey the literature on algorithms for learning restricted subclasses of the cfls . finally , we introduce a new family of subclasses , t ←
→ generalized discriminant analysis algorithm for feature reduction in cyber attack detection system ; this generalized discriminant analysis ( gda ) has provided an extremely powerful approach to extracting non linear features . the network traffic data provided for the design of intrusion detection system always are large with ineffective information , thus we need to remove the worthless information from the original high dimensional database . to improve the generalization ability , we usually generate a smal ←
→ fusion based holistic road scene understanding ; this paper addresses the problem of holistic road scene understanding based on the integration of visual and range data . to achieve the grand goal , we propose an approach that jointly tackles object - level image segmentation and semantic region labeling within a conditional random field ( crf ) framework . specifically , we first generate semantic object hypotheses by clustering 3d points , learning their prior appearance models , and using a deep learning method fo ←
→ relevance as a metric for evaluating machine learning algorithms ; in machine learning , the choice of a learning algorithm that is suitable for the application domain is critical . the performance metric used to compare different algorithms must also reflect the concerns of users in the application domain under consideration . in this work , we propose a novel probability - based performance metric called relevance score for evaluating supervised learning algorithms . we evaluate the proposed metric through empir ←
→ developing a comprehensive framework for multimodal feature extraction ; feature extraction is a critical component of many applied data science workflows . in recent years , rapid advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning have led to an explosion of feature extraction tools and services that allow data scientists to cheaply and effectively annotate their data along a vast array of dimensions --- ranging from detecting faces in images to analyzing the sentiment expressed in coherent text . unfortu ←
→ multi - way interacting regression via factorization machines ; we propose a bayesian regression method that accounts for multi - way interactions of arbitrary orders among the predictor variables . our model makes use of a factorization mechanism for representing the regression coefficients of interactions among the predictors , while the interaction selection is guided by a prior distribution on random hypergraphs , a construction which generalizes the finite feature model . we present a posterior inference algor ←
→ self - adaptation of activity recognition systems to new sensors ; traditional activity recognition systems work on the basis of training , taking a fixed set of sensors into account . in this article , we focus on the question how pattern recognition can leverage new information sources without any , or with minimal user input . thus , we present an approach for opportunistic activity recognition , where ubiquitous sensors lead to dynamically changing input spaces . our method is a variation of well - established prin ←
→ self - supervised video representation learning with odd - one - out networks ; we propose a new self - supervised cnn pre - training technique based on a novel auxiliary task called " odd - one - out learning ". in this task , the machine is asked to identify the unrelated or odd element from a set of otherwise related elements . we apply this technique to self - supervised video representation learning where we sample subsequences from videos and ask the network to learn to predict the odd video subsequence . the odd video su ←
→ detecting the most unusual part of a digital image ; the purpose of this paper is to introduce an algorithm that can detect the most unusual part of a digital image . the most unusual part of a given shape is defined as a part of the image that has the maximal distance to all non intersecting shapes with the same form . the method can be used to scan image databases with no clear model of the interesting part or large image databases , as for example medical databases .←
→ fashion forward : forecasting visual style in fashion ; what is the future of fashion ? tackling this question from a data - driven vision perspective , we propose to forecast visual style trends before they occur . we introduce the first approach to predict the future popularity of styles discovered from fashion images in an unsupervised manner . using these styles as a basis , we train a forecasting model to represent their trends over time . the resulting model can hypothesize new mixtures of styles that will bec ←
→ efficient spatio - temporal gaussian regression via kalman filtering ; in this work we study the non - parametric reconstruction of spatio - temporal dynamical gaussian processes ( gps ) via gp regression from sparse and noisy data . gps have been mainly applied to spatial regression where they represent one of the most powerful estimation approaches also thanks to their universal representing properties . their extension to dynamical processes has been instead elusive so far since classical implementations lead to u ←
→ flexible decomposition algorithms for weakly coupled markov decision problems ; this paper presents two new approaches to decomposing and solving large markov decision problems ( mdps ), a partial decoupling method and a complete decoupling method . in these approaches , a large , stochastic decision problem is divided into smaller pieces . the first approach builds a cache of policies for each part of the problem independently , and then combines the pieces in a separate , light - weight step . a second approach al ←
→ training bit fully convolutional network for fast semantic segmentation ; fully convolutional neural networks give accurate , per - pixel prediction for input images and have applications like semantic segmentation . however , a typical fcn usually requires lots of floating point computation and large run - time memory , which effectively limits its usability . we propose a method to train bit fully convolution network ( bfcn ), a fully convolutional neural network that has low bit - width weights and activations . becau ←
→ a normative account of defeasible and probabilistic inference ; in this paper , we provide more evidence for the contention that logical consequence should be understood in normative terms . hartry field and john macfarlane covered the classical case . we extend their work , examining what it means for an agent to be obliged to infer a conclusion when faced with uncertain information or reasoning within a non - monotonic , defeasible , logical framework ( which allows e . g . for inference to be drawn from premises co ←
→ co - localization with category - consistent cnn features and geodesic distance propagation ; co - localization is the problem of localizing objects of the same class using only the set of images that contain them . this is a challenging task because the object detector must be built without negative examples that can lead to more informative supervision signals . the main idea of our method is to cluster the feature space of a generically pre - trained cnn , to find a set of cnn features that are consistently and h ←
→ adversarial image alignment and interpolation ; volumetric ( 3d ) images are acquired for many scientific and biomedical purposes using imaging methods such as serial section microscopy , ct scans , and mri . a frequent step in the analysis and reconstruction of such data is the alignment and registration of images that were acquired in succession along a spatial or temporal dimension . for example , in serial section electron microscopy , individual 2d sections are imaged via electron microscopy and then must be a ←
→ consistency techniques for flow - based projection - safe global cost functions in weighted constraint satisfaction ; many combinatorial problems deal with preferences and violations , the goal of which is to find solutions with the minimum cost . weighted constraint satisfaction is a framework for modeling such problems , which consists of a set of cost functions to measure the degree of violation or preferences of different combinations of variable assignments . typical solution methods for weighted constraint ←
→ on model selection and the disability of neural networks to decompose tasks ; a neural network with fixed topology can be regarded as a parametrization of functions , which decides on the correlations between functional variations when parameters are adapted . we propose an analysis , based on a differential geometry point of view , that allows to calculate these correlations . in practise , this describes how one response is unlearned while another is trained . concerning conventional feed - forward neural networ ←
→ contextual bandit algorithms with supervised learning guarantees ; we address the problem of learning in an online , bandit setting where the learner must repeatedly select among $ k $ actions , but only receives partial feedback based on its choices . we establish two new facts : first , using a new algorithm called exp4 . p , we show that it is possible to compete with the best in a set of $ n $ experts with probability $ 1 -\ delta $ while incurring regret at most $ o (\ sqrt { kt \ ln ( n /\ delta )})$ over $ t $ time steps . the new ←
→ a probabilistic network of predicates ; bayesian networks are directed acyclic graphs representing independence relationships among a set of random variables . a random variable can be regarded as a set of exhaustive and mutually exclusive propositions . we argue that there are several drawbacks resulting from the propositional nature and acyclic structure of bayesian networks . to remedy these shortcomings , we propose a probabilistic network where nodes represent unary predicates and which may contain directe ←
→ reservoir computing for spatiotemporal signal classification without trained output weights ; reservoir computing is a recently introduced machine learning paradigm that has been shown to be well - suited for the processing of spatiotemporal data . rather than training the network node connections and weights via backpropagation in traditional recurrent neural networks , reservoirs instead have fixed connections and weights among the ` hidden layer ' nodes , and traditionally only the weights to the output layer ←
→ mining generalized graph patterns based on user examples ; there has been a lot of recent interest in mining patterns from graphs . often , the exact structure of the patterns of interest is not known . this happens , for example , when molecular structures are mined to discover fragments useful as features in chemical compound classification task , or when web sites are mined to discover sets of web pages representing logical documents . such patterns are often generated from a few small subgraphs ( cores ), accord ←
→ decoupling learning rules from representations ; in the artificial intelligence field , learning often corresponds to changing the parameters of a parameterized function . a learning rule is an algorithm or mathematical expression that specifies precisely how the parameters should be changed . when creating an artificial intelligence system , we must make two decisions : what representation should be used ( i . e ., what parameterized function should be used ) and what learning rule should be used to search through t ←
→ directional statistics - based deep metric learning for image classification and retrieval ; deep distance metric learning ( ddml ), which is proposed to learn image similarity metrics in an end - to - end manner based on the convolution neural network , has achieved encouraging results in many computer vision tasks .$ l2 $- normalization in the embedding space has been used to improve the performance of several ddml methods . however , the commonly used euclidean distance is no longer an accurate metric for $ l2 $- normal ←
→ joint dictionary learning for example - based image super - resolution ; in this paper , we propose a new joint dictionary learning method for example - based image super - resolution ( sr ), using sparse representation . the low - resolution ( lr ) dictionary is trained from a set of lr sample image patches . using the sparse representation coefficients of these lr patches over the lr dictionary , the high - resolution ( hr ) dictionary is trained by minimizing the reconstruction error of hr sample patches . the error criterion ←
→ on non - monotonic conditional reasoning ; this note is concerned with a formal analysis of the problem of non - monotonic reasoning in intelligent systems , especially when the uncertainty is taken into account in a quantitative way . a firm connection between logic and probability is established by introducing conditioning notions by means of formal structures that do not rely on quantitative measures . the associated conditional logic , compatible with conditional probability evaluations , is non - monotonic relati ←
→ inter - session modeling for session - based recommendation ; in recent years , research has been done on applying recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) as recommender systems . results have been promising , especially in the session - based setting where rnns have been shown to outperform state - of - the - art models . in many of these experiments , the rnn could potentially improve the recommendations by utilizing information about the user ' s past sessions , in addition to its own interactions in the current session . a problem ←
→ mine : mutual information neural estimation ; we argue that the estimation of mutual information between high dimensional continuous random variables can be achieved by gradient descent over neural networks . we present a mutual information neural estimator ( mine ) that is linearly scalable in dimensionality as well as in sample size , trainable through back - prop , and strongly consistent . we present a handful of applications on which mine can be used to minimize or maximize mutual information . we apply mine to ←
→ learning to navigate in complex environments ; learning to navigate in complex environments with dynamic elements is an important milestone in developing ai agents . in this work we formulate the navigation question as a reinforcement learning problem and show that data efficiency and task performance can be dramatically improved by relying on additional auxiliary tasks leveraging multimodal sensory inputs . in particular we consider jointly learning the goal - driven reinforcement learning problem with auxilia ←
→ automatic skin lesion segmentation using semi - supervised learning technique ; skin cancer is the most common of all cancers and each year million cases of skin cancer are treated . treating and curing skin cancer is easy , if it is diagnosed and treated at an early stage . in this work we propose an automatic technique for skin lesion segmentation in dermoscopic images which helps in classifying the skin cancer types . the proposed method comprises of two major phases ( 1 ) preprocessing and ( 2 ) segmentation us ←
→ do less and achieve more : training cnns for action recognition utilizing action images from the web ; recently , attempts have been made to collect millions of videos to train cnn models for action recognition in videos . however , curating such large - scale video datasets requires immense human labor , and training cnns on millions of videos demands huge computational resources . in contrast , collecting action images from the web is much easier and training on images requires much less computation . in addition ←
→ a bi - lstm - rnn model for relation classification using low - cost sequence features ; relation classification is associated with many potential applications in the artificial intelligence area . recent approaches usually leverage neural networks based on structure features such as syntactic or dependency features to solve this problem . however , high - cost structure features make such approaches inconvenient to be directly used . in addition , structure features are probably domain - dependent . therefore , this pape ←
→ evaluation of spectral learning for the identification of hidden markov models ; hidden markov models have successfully been applied as models of discrete time series in many fields . often , when applied in practice , the parameters of these models have to be estimated . the currently predominating identification methods , such as maximum - likelihood estimation and especially expectation - maximization , are iterative and prone to have problems with local minima . a non - iterative method employing a spectral subspa ←
→ less is more : sampling chemical space with active learning ; the development of accurate and transferable machine learning ( ml ) potentials for predicting molecular energetics is a challenging task . the process of data generation to train such ml potentials is a task neither well understood nor researched in detail . in this work , we present a fully automated approach for the generation of datasets with the intent of training universal ml potentials . it is based on the concept of active learning ( al ) via quer ←
→ cmsis - nn : efficient neural network kernels for arm cortex - m cpus ; deep neural networks are becoming increasingly popular in always - on iot edge devices performing data analytics right at the source , reducing latency as well as energy consumption for data communication . this paper presents cmsis - nn , efficient kernels developed to maximize the performance and minimize the memory footprint of neural network ( nn ) applications on arm cortex - m processors targeted for intelligent iot edge devices . neural network i ←
→ bandwidth selection for kernel estimation in mixed multi - dimensional spaces ; kernel estimation techniques , such as mean shift , suffer from one major drawback : the kernel bandwidth selection . the bandwidth can be fixed for all the data set or can vary at each points . automatic bandwidth selection becomes a real challenge in case of multidimensional heterogeneous features . this paper presents a solution to this problem . it is an extension of \ cite { comaniciu03a } which was based on the fundamental property o ←
→ from review to rating : exploring dependency measures for text classification ; various text analysis techniques exist , which attempt to uncover unstructured information from text . in this work , we explore using statistical dependence measures for textual classification , representing text as word vectors . student satisfaction scores on a 3 - point scale and their free text comments written about university subjects are used as the dataset . we have compared two textual representations : a frequency word repres ←
→ online algorithms for nonnegative matrix factorization with the itakura - saito divergence ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is now a common tool for audio source separation . when learning nmf on large audio databases , one major drawback is that the complexity in time is o ( fkn ) when updating the dictionary ( where ( f ; n ) is the dimension of the input power spectrograms , and k the number of basis spectra ), thus forbidding its application on signals longer than an hour . we provide an online algorithm wit ←
→ la représentation formelle des concepts spatiaux dans la langue ; in this chapter , we assume that systematically studying spatial markers semantics in language provides a means to reveal fundamental properties and concepts characterizing conceptual representations of space . we propose a formal system accounting for the properties highlighted by the linguistic analysis , and we use these tools for representing the semantic content of several spatial relations of french . the first part presents a semantic anal ←
→ word - entity duet representations for document ranking ; this paper presents a word - entity duet framework for utilizing knowledge bases in ad - hoc retrieval . in this work , the query and documents are modeled by word - based representations and entity - based representations . ranking features are generated by the interactions between the two representations , incorporating information from the word space , the entity space , and the cross - space connections through the knowledge graph . to handle the uncertainties from ←
→ open source software : how can design metrics facilitate architecture recovery ? ; modern software development methodologies include reuse of open source code . reuse can be facilitated by architectural knowledge of the software , not necessarily provided in the documentation of open source software . the effort required to comprehend the system ' s source code and discover its architecture can be considered a major drawback in reuse . in a recent study we examined the correlations between design metrics and clas ←
→ computing p - values of lingam outputs via multiscale bootstrap ; structural equation models and bayesian networks have been widely used to study causal relationships between continuous variables . recently , a non - gaussian method called lingam was proposed to discover such causal models and has been extended in various directions . an important problem with lingam is that the results are affected by the random sampling of the data as with any statistical method . thus , some analysis of the statistical reliabilit ←
→ bounded rational decision - making in changing environments ; a perfectly rational decision - maker chooses the best action with the highest utility gain from a set of possible actions . the optimality principles that describe such decision processes do not take into account the computational costs of finding the optimal action . bounded rational decision - making addresses this problem by specifically trading off information - processing costs and expected utility . interestingly , a similar trade - off between energy a ←
→ optimisation of a crossdocking distribution centre simulation model ; this paper reports on continuing research into the modelling of an order picking process within a crossdocking distribution centre using simulation optimisation . the aim of this project is to optimise a discrete event simulation model and to understand factors that affect finding its optimal performance . our initial investigation revealed that the precision of the selected simulation output performance measure and the number of replicatio ←
→ latent semantic learning with structured sparse representation for human action recognition ; this paper proposes a novel latent semantic learning method for extracting high - level features ( i . e . latent semantics ) from a large vocabulary of abundant mid - level features ( i . e . visual keywords ) with structured sparse representation , which can help to bridge the semantic gap in the challenging task of human action recognition . to discover the manifold structure of midlevel features , we develop a spectral embedd ←
→ new metrics for learning and inference on sets , ontologies , and functions ; we propose new metrics on sets , ontologies , and functions that can be used in various stages of probabilistic modeling , including exploratory data analysis , learning , inference , and result interpretation . these new functions unify and generalize some of the popular metrics on sets and functions , such as the jaccard and bag distances on sets and marczewski - steinhaus distance on functions . we then introduce information - theoretic met ←
→ gait pattern recognition using accelerometers ; motion ability is one of the most important human properties , including gait as a basis of human transitional movement . gait , as a biometric for recognizing human identities , can be non - intrusively captured signals using wearable or portable smart devices . in this study gait patterns is collected using a wireless platform of two sensors located at chest and right ankle of the subjects . then the raw data has undergone some preprocessing methods and segmented in ←
→ entropy and vision ; in vector quantization the number of vectors used to construct the codebook is always an undefined problem , there is always a compromise between the number of vectors and the quantity of information lost during the compression . in this text we present a minimum of entropy principle that gives solution to this compromise and represents an entropy point of view of signal compression in general . also we present a new adaptive object quantization technique that is the same for the compressi ←
→ stochastic optimization with bandit sampling ; many stochastic optimization algorithms work by estimating the gradient of the cost function on the fly by sampling datapoints uniformly at random from a training set . however , the estimator might have a large variance , which inadvertently slows down the convergence rate of the algorithms . one way to reduce this variance is to sample the datapoints from a carefully selected non - uniform distribution . in this work , we propose a novel non - uniform sampling approach ←
→ memory augmented control networks ; planning problems in partially observable environments cannot be solved directly with convolutional networks and require some form of memory . but , even memory networks with sophisticated addressing schemes are unable to learn intelligent reasoning satisfactorily due to the complexity of simultaneously learning to access memory and plan . to mitigate these challenges we introduce the memory augmented control network ( macn ). the proposed network architecture consists of thre ←
→ leaf counting with deep convolutional and deconvolutional networks ; in this paper , we investigate the problem of counting rosette leaves from an rgb image , an important task in plant phenotyping . we propose a data - driven approach for this task generalized over different plant species and imaging setups . to accomplish this task , we use state - of - the - art deep learning architectures : a deconvolutional network for initial segmentation and a convolutional network for leaf counting . evaluation is performed on the ←
→ 2d view aggregation for lymph node detection using a shallow hierarchy of linear classifiers ; enlarged lymph nodes ( lns ) can provide important information for cancer diagnosis , staging , and measuring treatment reactions , making automated detection a highly sought goal . in this paper , we propose a new algorithm representation of decomposing the ln detection problem into a set of 2d object detection subtasks on sampled ct slices , largely alleviating the curse of dimensionality issue . our 2d detection can b ←
→ tree - cut for probabilistic image segmentation ; this paper presents a new probabilistic generative model for image segmentation , i . e . the task of partitioning an image into homogeneous regions . our model is grounded on a mid - level image representation , called a region tree , in which regions are recursively split into subregions until superpixels are reached . given the region tree , image segmentation is formalized as sampling cuts in the tree from the model . inference for the cuts is exact , and formulated us ←
→ q - learning with nearest neighbors ; we consider the problem of model - free reinforcement learning for infinite - horizon discounted markov decision processes ( mdps ) with a continuous state space and unknown transition kernels , when only a single sample path of the system is available . we focus on the classical approach of q - learning where the goal is to learn the optimal q - function . we propose the nearest neighbor q - learning approach that utilizes nearest neighbor regression method to learn the q function . we ←
→ ontomath digital ecosystem : ontologies , mathematical knowledge analytics and management ; in this article we consider the basic ideas , approaches and results of developing of mathematical knowledge management technologies based on ontologies . these solutions form the basis of a specialized digital ecosystem ontomath which consists of the ontology of the logical structure of mathematical documents mocassin and ontology of mathematical knowledge ontomathpro , tools of text analysis , recommender system and ot ←
→ convergence analysis of belief propagation for pairwise linear gaussian models ; gaussian belief propagation ( bp ) has been widely used for distributed inference in large - scale networks such as the smart grid , sensor networks , and social networks , where local measurements / observations are scattered over a wide geographical area . one particular case is when two neighboring agents share a common observation . for example , to estimate voltage in the direct current ( dc ) power flow model , the current measurement ←
→ detection and recognition of malaysian special license plate based on sift features ; automated car license plate recognition systems are developed and applied for purpose of facilitating the surveillance , law enforcement , access control and intelligent transportation monitoring with least human intervention . in this paper , an algorithm based on sift feature points clustering and matching is proposed to address the issue of recognizing malaysian special plates . these special plates do not follow the forma ←
→ cost - sensitive reference pair encoding for multi - label learning ; a general framework for multi - label classification ( mlc ) called multi - label error - correcting code ( ml - ecc ) utilizes coding schemes in communication to improve mlc performance . the framework includes some key algorithms for some special cases of mlc , such as binary relevance and random k - labelsets . nevertheless , current ml - ecc algorithms are usually designed for one or a few evaluation criteria , and thus may suffer from bad performance with res ←
→ exploring language - independent emotional acoustic features via feature selection ; we propose a novel feature selection strategy to discover language - independent acoustic features that tend to be responsible for emotions regardless of languages , linguistics and other factors . experimental results suggest that the language - independent feature subset discovered yields the performance comparable to the full feature set on various emotional speech corpora .←
→ modl : model based deep learning architecture for inverse problems ; we introduce a model - based image reconstruction framework with a convolution neural network ( cnn ) based regularization prior . while cnn based image recovery methods are ideally suited for inverse problems with a convolutional structure , deep learning architectures for problems that do not have a convolutional structure ( e . g ., parallel mri , structured illumination microscopy ) are less obvious . the proposed formulation provides a systematic a ←
→ automatic transferring between ancient chinese and contemporary chinese ; during the long time of development , chinese language has evolved a great deal . native speakers now have difficulty in reading sentences written in ancient chinese . in this paper , we propose an unsupervised algorithm that constructs sentence - aligned ancient - contemporary pairs out of the abundant passage - aligned corpus . with this method , we build a large parallel corpus . we propose to apply the sequence to sequence model to automatical ←
→ learning latent local conversation modes for predicting community endorsement in online discussions ; many social media platforms offer a mechanism for readers to react to comments , both positively and negatively , which in aggregate can be thought of as community endorsement . this paper addresses the problem of predicting community endorsement in online discussions , leveraging both the participant response structure and the text of the comment . the different types of features are integrated in a neural ne ←
→ automatic composition and optimisation of multicomponent predictive systems ; composition and parametrisation of multicomponent predictive systems ( mcpss ) consisting of chains of data transformation steps is a challenging task . this paper is concerned with theoretical considerations and extensive experimental analysis for automating the task of building such predictive systems . in the theoretical part of the paper , we first propose to adopt the well - handled and acyclic workflow ( wa - wf ) petri net as a form ←
→ quality expectations of machine translation ; machine translation ( mt ) is being deployed for a range of use - cases by millions of people on a daily basis . there should , therefore , be no doubt as to the utility of mt . however , not everyone is convinced that mt can be useful , especially as a productivity enhancer for human translators . in this chapter , i address this issue , describing how mt is currently deployed , how its output is evaluated and how this could be enhanced , especially as mt quality itself impro ←
→ a temporal description logic for reasoning about actions and plans ; a class of interval - based temporal languages for uniformly representing and reasoning about actions and plans is presented . actions are represented by describing what is true while the action itself is occurring , and plans are constructed by temporally relating actions and world states . the temporal languages are members of the family of description logics , which are characterized by high expressivity combined with good computational prope ←
→ composing distributed representations of relational patterns ; learning distributed representations for relation instances is a central technique in downstream nlp applications . in order to address semantic modeling of relational patterns , this paper constructs a new dataset that provides multiple similarity ratings for every pair of relational patterns on the existing dataset . in addition , we conduct a comparative study of different encoders including additive composition , rnn , lstm , and gru for composing ←
→ back to basics : benchmarking canonical evolution strategies for playing atari ; evolution strategies ( es ) have recently been demonstrated to be a viable alternative to reinforcement learning ( rl ) algorithms on a set of challenging deep rl problems , including atari games and mujoco humanoid locomotion benchmarks . while the es algorithms in that work belonged to the specialized class of natural evolution strategies ( which resemble approximate gradient rl algorithms , such as reinforce ), we demonstrate that e ←
→ controlling recurrent neural networks by conceptors ; the human brain is a dynamical system whose extremely complex sensor - driven neural processes give rise to conceptual , logical cognition . understanding the interplay between nonlinear neural dynamics and concept - level cognition remains a major scientific challenge . here i propose a mechanism of neurodynamical organization , called conceptors , which unites nonlinear dynamics with basic principles of conceptual abstraction and logic . it becomes possible to l ←
→ choquet integral in decision analysis - lessons from the axiomatization ; the choquet integral is a powerful aggregation operator which lists many well - known models as its special cases . we look at these special cases and provide their axiomatic analysis . in cases where an axiomatization has been previously given in the literature , we connect the existing results with the framework that we have developed . next we turn to the question of learning , which is especially important for the practical applications ←
→ substation signal matching with a bagged token classifier ; currently , engineers at substation service providers match customer data with the corresponding internally used signal names manually . this paper proposes a machine learning method to automate this process based on substation signal mapping data from a repository of executed projects . to this end , a bagged token classifier is proposed , letting words ( tokens ) in the customer signal name vote for provider signal names . in our evaluation , the proposed ←
→ on unifying deep generative models ; deep generative models have achieved impressive success in recent years . generative adversarial networks ( gans ) and variational autoencoders ( vaes ), as powerful frameworks for deep generative model learning , have largely been considered as two distinct paradigms and received extensive independent study respectively . this paper establishes formal connections between deep generative modeling approaches through a new formulation of gans and vaes . we show that gans and vaes ←
→ stochastic variance reduced multiplicative update for nonnegative matrix factorization ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ), a dimensionality reduction and factor analysis method , is a special case in which factor matrices have low - rank nonnegative constraints . considering the stochastic learning in nmf , we specifically address the multiplicative update ( mu ) rule , which is the most popular , but which has slow convergence property . this present paper introduces on the stochastic mu rule a variance - redu ←
→ quaternion gradient and hessian ; the optimization of real scalar functions of quaternion variables , such as the mean square error or array output power , underpins many practical applications . solutions often require the calculation of the gradient and hessian , however , real functions of quaternion variables are essentially non - analytic . to address this issue , we propose new definitions of quaternion gradient and hessian , based on the novel generalized hr ( ghr ) calculus , thus making possible efficient deriv ←
→ tracking slowly moving clairvoyant : optimal dynamic regret of online learning with true and noisy gradient ; this work focuses on dynamic regret of online convex optimization that compares the performance of online learning to a clairvoyant who knows the sequence of loss functions in advance and hence selects the minimizer of the loss function at each step . by assuming that the clairvoyant moves slowly ( i . e ., the minimizers change slowly ), we present several improved variation - based upper bounds of the dy ←
→ certifiable distributional robustness with principled adversarial training ; neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples and researchers have proposed many heuristic attack and defense mechanisms . we take the principled view of distributionally robust optimization , which guarantees performance under adversarial input perturbations . by considering a lagrangian penalty formulation of perturbation of the underlying data distribution in a wasserstein ball , we provide a training procedure that augme ←
→ tackling multilabel imbalance through label decoupling and data resampling hybridization ; the learning from imbalanced data is a deeply studied problem in standard classification and , in recent times , also in multilabel classification . a handful of multilabel resampling methods have been proposed in late years , aiming to balance the labels distribution . however these methods have to face a new obstacle , specific for multilabel data , as is the joint appearance of minority and majority labels in the same d ←
→ capturing long - range contextual dependencies with memory - enhanced conditional random fields ; despite successful applications across a broad range of nlp tasks , conditional random fields (" crfs "), in particular the linear - chain variant , are only able to model local features . while this has important benefits in terms of inference tractability , it limits the ability of the model to capture long - range dependencies between items . attempts to extend crfs to capture long - range dependencies have largely come at ←
→ identifiability and transportability in dynamic causal networks ; in this paper we propose a causal analog to the purely observational dynamic bayesian networks , which we call dynamic causal networks . we provide a sound and complete algorithm for identification of dynamic causal net - works , namely , for computing the effect of an intervention or experiment , based on passive observations only , whenever possible . we note the existence of two types of confounder variables that affect in substantially different ←
→ lattice long short - term memory for human action recognition ; human actions captured in video sequences are three - dimensional signals characterizing visual appearance and motion dynamics . to learn action patterns , existing methods adopt convolutional and / or recurrent neural networks ( cnns and rnns ). cnn based methods are effective in learning spatial appearances , but are limited in modeling long - term motion dynamics . rnns , especially long short - term memory ( lstm ), are able to learn temporal motion dynamics .←
→ structured sparsity through convex optimization ; sparse estimation methods are aimed at using or obtaining parsimonious representations of data or models . while naturally cast as a combinatorial optimization problem , variable or feature selection admits a convex relaxation through the regularization by the $\ ell_1 $- norm . in this paper , we consider situations where we are not only interested in sparsity , but where some structural prior knowledge is available as well . we show that the $\ ell_1 $- norm can then ←
→ optimal resource allocation in distributed broadband wireless communication systems ; this paper is concerned with optimization of distributed broadband wireless communication ( bwc ) systems . bwc systems contain a distributed antenna system ( das ) connected to a base station with optical fiber . distributed bwc systems have been proposed as a solution to the power constraint problem in traditional cellular networks . so far , the research on bwc systems have advanced on two separate tracks , the design of the s ←
→ nltk : the natural language toolkit ; nltk , the natural language toolkit , is a suite of open source program modules , tutorials and problem sets , providing ready - to - use computational linguistics courseware . nltk covers symbolic and statistical natural language processing , and is interfaced to annotated corpora . students augment and replace existing components , learn structured programming by example , and manipulate sophisticated models from the outset .←
→ k - means clustering for efficient and robust registration of multi - view point sets ; efficiency and robustness are the important performance for the registration of multi - view point sets . to address these two issues , this paper casts the multi - view registration into a clustering problem , which can be solved by the extended k - means clustering algorithm . before the clustering , all the centroids are uniformly sampled from the initially aligned point sets involved in the multi - view registration . then , two stan ←
→ complexity of stochastic branch and bound methods for belief tree search in bayesian reinforcement learning ; there has been a lot of recent work on bayesian methods for reinforcement learning exhibiting near - optimal online performance . the main obstacle facing such methods is that in most problems of interest , the optimal solution involves planning in an infinitely large tree . however , it is possible to obtain stochastic lower and upper bounds on the value of each tree node . this enables us to use stocha ←
→ learning loopy graphical models with latent variables : efficient methods and guarantees ; the problem of structure estimation in graphical models with latent variables is considered . we characterize conditions for tractable graph estimation and develop efficient methods with provable guarantees . we consider models where the underlying markov graph is locally tree - like , and the model is in the regime of correlation decay . for the special case of the ising model , the number of samples $ n $ required for struc ←
→ reconstruction from periodic nonlinearities , with applications to hdr imaging ; we consider the problem of reconstructing signals and images from periodic nonlinearities . for such problems , we design a measurement scheme that supports efficient reconstruction ; moreover , our method can be adapted to extend to compressive sensing - based signal and image acquisition systems . our techniques can be potentially useful for reducing the measurement complexity of high dynamic range ( hdr ) imaging systems , with littl ←
→ data spectroscopy : eigenspaces of convolution operators and clustering ; this paper focuses on obtaining clustering information about a distribution from its i . i . d . samples . we develop theoretical results to understand and use clustering information contained in the eigenvectors of data adjacency matrices based on a radial kernel function with a sufficiently fast tail decay . in particular , we provide population analyses to gain insights into which eigenvectors should be used and when the clustering informat ←
→ optimal learning rates for localized svms ; one of the limiting factors of using support vector machines ( svms ) in large scale applications are their super - linear computational requirements in terms of the number of training samples . to address this issue , several approaches that train svms on many small chunks of large data sets separately have been proposed in the literature . so far , however , almost all these approaches have only been empirically investigated . in addition , their motivation was always base ←
→ arbitrage - free combinatorial market making via integer programming ; we present a new combinatorial market maker that operates arbitrage - free combinatorial prediction markets specified by integer programs . although the problem of arbitrage - free pricing , while maintaining a bound on the subsidy provided by the market maker , is # p - hard in the worst case , we posit that the typical case might be amenable to modern integer programming ( ip ) solvers . at the crux of our method is the frank - wolfe ( conditional gradie ←
→ self - supervised learning of pose embeddings from spatiotemporal relations in videos ; human pose analysis is presently dominated by deep convolutional networks trained with extensive manual annotations of joint locations and beyond . to avoid the need for expensive labeling , we exploit spatiotemporal relations in training videos for self - supervised learning of pose embeddings . the key idea is to combine temporal ordering and spatial placement estimation as auxiliary tasks for learning pose similarities in ←
→ practical hash functions for similarity estimation and dimensionality reduction ; hashing is a basic tool for dimensionality reduction employed in several aspects of machine learning . however , the perfomance analysis is often carried out under the abstract assumption that a truly random unit cost hash function is used , without concern for which concrete hash function is employed . the concrete hash function may work fine on sufficiently random input . the question is if it can be trusted in the real world w ←
→ reduced electron exposure for energy - dispersive spectroscopy using dynamic sampling ; analytical electron microscopy and spectroscopy of biological specimens , polymers , and other beam sensitive materials has been a challenging area due to irradiation damage . there is a pressing need to develop novel imaging and spectroscopic imaging methods that will minimize such sample damage as well as reduce the data acquisition time . the latter is useful for high - throughput analysis of materials structure and chemist ←
→ guaranteed non - orthogonal tensor decomposition via alternating rank -$ 1 $ updates ; in this paper , we provide local and global convergence guarantees for recovering cp ( candecomp / parafac ) tensor decomposition . the main step of the proposed algorithm is a simple alternating rank -$ 1 $ update which is the alternating version of the tensor power iteration adapted for asymmetric tensors . local convergence guarantees are established for third order tensors of rank $ k $ in $ d $ dimensions , when $ k = o \ bigl ( d ^{ 1 . 5 } \ b ←
→ chemception : a deep neural network with minimal chemistry knowledge matches the performance of expert - developed qsar / qspr models ; in the last few years , we have seen the transformative impact of deep learning in many applications , particularly in speech recognition and computer vision . inspired by google ' s inception - resnet deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for image classification , we have developed " chemception ", a deep cnn for the prediction of chemical properties , using just the images of 2d dra ←
→ evasion and hardening of tree ensemble classifiers ; classifier evasion consists in finding for a given instance $ x $ the nearest instance $ x '$ such that the classifier predictions of $ x $ and $ x '$ are different . we present two novel algorithms for systematically computing evasions for tree ensembles such as boosted trees and random forests . our first algorithm uses a mixed integer linear program solver and finds the optimal evading instance under an expressive set of constraints . our second algorithm trades ←
→ textural approach for mass abnormality segmentation in mammographic images ; mass abnormality segmentation is a vital step for the medical diagnostic process and is attracting more and more the interest of many research groups . currently , most of the works achieved in this area have used the gray level co - occurrence matrix ( glcm ) as texture features with a region - based approach . these features come in previous phase for segmentation stage or are using as inputs to classification stage . the work discussed ←
→ extending binary qualitative direction calculi with a granular distance concept : hidden feature attachment ; in this paper we introduce a method for extending binary qualitative direction calculi with adjustable granularity like opram or the star calculus with a granular distance concept . this method is similar to the concept of extending points with an internal reference direction to get oriented points which are the basic entities in the opram calculus . even if the spatial objects are from a geometrical ←
→ queue - aware distributive resource control for delay - sensitive two - hop mimo cooperative systems ; in this paper , we consider a queue - aware distributive resource control algorithm for two - hop mimo cooperative systems . we shall illustrate that relay buffering is an effective way to reduce the intrinsic half - duplex penalty in cooperative systems . the complex interactions of the queues at the source node and the relays are modeled as an average - cost infinite horizon markov decision process ( mdp ). the tradition ←
→ deeplung : deep 3d dual path nets for automated pulmonary nodule detection and classification ; in this work , we present a fully automated lung computed tomography ( ct ) cancer diagnosis system , deeplung . deeplung consists of two components , nodule detection ( identifying the locations of candidate nodules ) and classification ( classifying candidate nodules into benign or malignant ). considering the 3d nature of lung ct data and the compactness of dual path networks ( dpn ), two deep 3d dpn are designed for nod ←
→ fourier descriptors based on the structure of the human primary visual cortex with applications to object recognition ; in this paper we propose a supervised object recognition method using new global features and inspired by the model of the human primary visual cortex v1 as the semidiscrete roto - translation group $ se ( 2 , n ) = \ mathbb z_n \ rtimes \ mathbb r ^ 2 $. the proposed technique is based on generalized fourier descriptors on the latter group , which are invariant to natural geometric transformations ( rot ←
→ notes on information geometry and evolutionary processes ; in order to analyze and extract different structural properties of distributions , one can introduce different coordinate systems over the manifold of distributions . in evolutionary computation , the walsh bases and the building block bases are often used to describe populations , which simplifies the analysis of evolutionary operators applying on populations . quite independent from these approaches , information geometry has been developed as a geometr ←
→ convex optimization with nonconvex oracles ; in machine learning and optimization , one often wants to minimize a convex objective function $ f $ but can only evaluate a noisy approximation $\ hat { f }$ to it . even though $ f $ is convex , the noise may render $\ hat { f }$ nonconvex , making the task of minimizing $ f $ intractable in general . as a consequence , several works in theoretical computer science , machine learning and optimization have focused on coming up with polynomial time algorithms to minimize $ f $ under co ←
→ weighted clustering ; one of the most prominent challenges in clustering is " the user ' s dilemma ," which is the problem of selecting an appropriate clustering algorithm for a specific task . a formal approach for addressing this problem relies on the identification of succinct , user - friendly properties that formally capture when certain clustering methods are preferred over others . until now these properties focused on advantages of classical linkage - based algorithms , failing to identify when other clusteri ←
→ possibilistic logic bases and possibilistic graphs ; possibilistic logic bases and possibilistic graphs are two different frameworks of interest for representing knowledge . the former stratifies the pieces of knowledge ( expressed by logical formulas ) according to their level of certainty , while the latter exhibits relationships between variables . the two types of representations are semantically equivalent when they lead to the same possibility distribution ( which rank - orders the possible interpretations ). ←
→ dynamic evaluation of neural sequence models ; we present methodology for using dynamic evaluation to improve neural sequence models . models are adapted to recent history via a gradient descent based mechanism , causing them to assign higher probabilities to re - occurring sequential patterns . dynamic evaluation outperforms existing adaptation approaches in our comparisons . dynamic evaluation improves the state - of - the - art word - level perplexities on the penn treebank and wikitext - 2 datasets to 51 . 1 and 44 . 3 res ←
→ dataset augmentation with synthetic images improves semantic segmentation ; although deep convolutional neural networks trained with strong pixel - level annotations have significantly pushed the performance in semantic segmentation , annotation efforts required for the creation of training data remains a roadblock for further improvements . we show that augmentation of the weakly annotated training dataset with synthetic images minimizes both the annotation efforts and also the cost of capturing images with ←
→ adaptation of pedagogical resources description standard ( lom ) with the specificity of arabic language ; in this article we focus firstly on the principle of pedagogical indexing and characteristics of arabic language and secondly on the possibility of adapting the standard for describing learning resources used ( the lom and its application profiles ) with learning conditions such as the educational levels of students and their levels of understanding ,... the educational context with taking into account th ←
→ dimension reduction by mutual information feature extraction ; during the past decades , to study high - dimensional data in a large variety of problems , researchers have proposed many feature extraction algorithms . one of the most effective approaches for optimal feature extraction is based on mutual information ( mi ). however it is not always easy to get an accurate estimation for high dimensional mi . in terms of mi , the optimal feature extraction is creating a feature set from the data which jointly have the ←
→ incorporating feedback into tree - based anomaly detection ; anomaly detectors are often used to produce a ranked list of statistical anomalies , which are examined by human analysts in order to extract the actual anomalies of interest . unfortunately , in realworld applications , this process can be exceedingly difficult for the analyst since a large fraction of high - ranking anomalies are false positives and not interesting from the application perspective . in this paper , we aim to make the analyst ' s job easier ←
→ an integrated framework for learning and reasoning ; learning and reasoning are both aspects of what is considered to be intelligence . their studies within ai have been separated historically , learning being the topic of machine learning and neural networks , and reasoning falling under classical ( or symbolic ) ai . however , learning and reasoning are in many ways interdependent . this paper discusses the nature of some of these interdependencies and proposes a general framework called flare , that combines indu ←
→ guiding designs of self - organizing swarms : interactive and automated approaches ; self - organization of heterogeneous particle swarms is rich in its dynamics but hard to design in a traditional top - down manner , especially when many types of kinetically distinct particles are involved . in this chapter , we discuss how we have been addressing this problem by ( 1 ) utilizing and enhancing interactive evolutionary design methods and ( 2 ) realizing spontaneous evolution of self organizing swarms within an artificia ←
→ decomposing motion and content for natural video sequence prediction ; we propose a deep neural network for the prediction of future frames in natural video sequences . to effectively handle complex evolution of pixels in videos , we propose to decompose the motion and content , two key components generating dynamics in videos . our model is built upon the encoder - decoder convolutional neural network and convolutional lstm for pixel - level prediction , which independently capture the spatial layout of an image an ←
→ comparing aggregators for relational probabilistic models ; relational probabilistic models have the challenge of aggregation , where one variable depends on a population of other variables . consider the problem of predicting gender from movie ratings ; this is challenging because the number of movies per user and users per movie can vary greatly . surprisingly , aggregation is not well understood . in this paper , we show that existing relational models ( implicitly or explicitly ) either use simple numerical aggr ←
→ proceedings of the second conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 1986 ) ; this is the proceedings of the second conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in philadelphia , pa , august 8 - 10 , 1986 ←
→ variational probability flow for biologically plausible training of deep neural networks ; the quest for biologically plausible deep learning is driven , not just by the desire to explain experimentally - observed properties of biological neural networks , but also by the hope of discovering more efficient methods for training artificial networks . in this paper , we propose a new algorithm named variational probably flow ( vpf ), an extension of minimum probability flow for training binary deep boltzmann machine ←
→ a specialized face - processing network consistent with the representational geometry of monkey face patches ; ample evidence suggests that face processing in human and non - human primates is performed differently compared with other objects . converging reports , both physiologically and psychophysically , indicate that faces are processed in specialized neural networks in the brain - i . e . face patches in monkeys and the fusiform face area ( ffa ) in humans . we are all expert face - processing agents , and able to i ←
→ understanding symmetries in deep networks ; recent works have highlighted scale invariance or symmetry present in the weight space of a typical deep network and the adverse effect it has on the euclidean gradient based stochastic gradient descent optimization . in this work , we show that a commonly used deep network , which uses convolution , batch normalization , relu , max - pooling , and sub - sampling pipeline , possess more complex forms of symmetry arising from scaling - based reparameterization of the network wei ←
→ a linearly - convergent stochastic l - bfgs algorithm ; we propose a new stochastic l - bfgs algorithm and prove a linear convergence rate for strongly convex and smooth functions . our algorithm draws heavily from a recent stochastic variant of l - bfgs proposed in byrd et al . ( 2014 ) as well as a recent approach to variance reduction for stochastic gradient descent from johnson and zhang ( 2013 ). we demonstrate experimentally that our algorithm performs well on large - scale convex and non - convex optimization problems ←
→ model - based learning of local image features for unsupervised texture segmentation ; features that capture well the textural patterns of a certain class of images are crucial for the performance of texture segmentation methods . the manual selection of features or designing new ones can be a tedious task . therefore , it is desirable to automatically adapt the features to a certain image or class of images . typically , this requires a large set of training images with similar textures and ground truth segment ←
→ bisimulation - based approximate lifted inference ; there has been a great deal of recent interest in methods for performing lifted inference ; however , most of this work assumes that the first - order model is given as input to the system . here , we describe lifted inference algorithms that determine symmetries and automatically lift the probabilistic model to speedup inference . in particular , we describe approximate lifted inference techniques that allow the user to trade off inference accuracy for computationa ←
→ estimation of causal orders in a linear non - gaussian acyclic model : a method robust against latent confounders ; we consider to learn a causal ordering of variables in a linear non - gaussian acyclic model called lingam . several existing methods have been shown to consistently estimate a causal ordering assuming that all the model assumptions are correct . but , the estimation results could be distorted if some assumptions actually are violated . in this paper , we propose a new algorithm for learning causal or ←
→ real - time image - based 6 - dof localization in large - scale environments ; we present a real - time approach for image - based localization within large scenes that have been reconstructed offline using structure from motion ( sfm ). from monocular video , our method continuously computes a precise 6 - dof camera pose , by efficiently tracking natural features and matching them to 3d points in the sfm point cloud . our main contribution lies in efficiently interleaving a fast keypoint tracker that uses inexpensive binary ←
→ not only a lack of right definitions : arguments for a shift in information - processing paradigm ; machine consciousness and machine intelligence are not simply new buzzwords that occupy our imagination . over the last decades , we witness an unprecedented rise in attempts to create machines with human - like features and capabilities . however , despite widespread sympathy and abundant funding , progress in these enterprises is far from being satisfactory . the reasons for this are twofold : first , the notions of c ←
→ near - lossless l - infinity constrained multi - rate image decompression via deep neural network ; recently a number of cnn - based techniques were proposed to remove image compression artifacts . as in other restoration applications , these techniques all learn a mapping from decompressed patches to the original counterparts under the ubiquitous l2 metric . however , this approach is incapable of restoring distinctive image details which may be statistical outliers but have high semantic importance ( e . g ., tiny lesi ←
→ fast k - nn search ; efficient index structures for fast approximate nearest neighbor queries are required in many applications such as recommendation systems . in high - dimensional spaces , many conventional methods suffer from excessive usage of memory and slow response times . we propose a method where multiple random projection trees are combined by a novel voting scheme . the key idea is to exploit the redundancy in a large number of candidate sets obtained by independently generated random projections in ord ←
→ natasha : faster non - convex stochastic optimization via strongly non - convex parameter ; given a nonconvex function $ f ( x )$ that is an average of $ n $ smooth functions , we design stochastic first - order methods to find its approximate stationary points . the performance of our new methods depend on the smallest ( negative ) eigenvalue $-\ sigma $ of the hessian . this parameter $\ sigma $ captures how strongly nonconvex $ f ( x )$ is , and is analogous to the strong convexity parameter for convex optimization . at least i ←
→ temporal data mining for root - cause analysis of machine faults in automotive assembly lines ; engine assembly is a complex and heavily automated distributed - control process , with large amounts of faults data logged everyday . we describe an application of temporal data mining for analyzing fault logs in an engine assembly plant . frequent episode discovery framework is a model - free method that can be used to deduce ( temporal ) correlations among events from the logs in an efficient manner . in addition to bei ←
→ sequential prediction of social media popularity with deep temporal context networks ; prediction of popularity has profound impact for social media , since it offers opportunities to reveal individual preference and public attention from evolutionary social systems . previous research , although achieves promising results , neglects one distinctive characteristic of social data , i . e ., sequentiality . for example , the popularity of online content is generated over time with sequential post streams of social me ←
→ linking search space structure , run - time dynamics , and problem difficulty : a step toward demystifying tabu search ; tabu search is one of the most effective heuristics for locating high - quality solutions to a diverse array of np - hard combinatorial optimization problems . despite the widespread success of tabu search , researchers have a poor understanding of many key theoretical aspects of this algorithm , including models of the high - level run - time dynamics and identification of those search space features ←
→ pcg - based game design patterns ; people enjoy encounters with generative software , but rarely are they encouraged to interact with , understand or engage with it . in this paper we define the term ' pcg - based game ', and explain how this concept follows on from the idea of an ai - based game . we look at existing examples of games which foreground their ai , put forward a methodology for designing pcg - based games , describe some example case study designs for pcg - based games , and describe lessons learned during this ←
→ statistical parsing by machine learning from a classical arabic treebank ; research into statistical parsing for english has enjoyed over a decade of successful results . however , adapting these models to other languages has met with difficulties . previous comparative work has shown that modern arabic is one of the most difficult languages to parse due to rich morphology and free word order . classical arabic is the ancient form of arabic , and is understudied in computational linguistics , relative to its worl ←
→ classifying symmetrical differences and temporal change in mammography using deep neural networks ; we investigate the addition of symmetry and temporal context information to a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) with the purpose of detecting malignant soft tissue lesions in mammography . we employ a simple linear mapping that takes the location of a mass candidate and maps it to either the contra - lateral or prior mammogram and regions of interest ( roi ) are extracted around each location . we subsequen ←
→ a reason maintenace system dealing with vague data ; a reason maintenance system which extends an atms through mukaidono ' s fuzzy logic is described . it supports a problem solver in situations affected by incomplete information and vague data , by allowing nonmonotonic inferences and the revision of previous conclusions when contradictions are detected .←
→ attentive recurrent comparators ; rapid learning requires flexible representations to quickly adopt to new evidence . we develop a novel class of models called attentive recurrent comparators ( arcs ) that form representations of objects by cycling through them and making observations . using the representations extracted by arcs , we develop a way of approximating a \ textit { dynamic representation space } and use it for one - shot learning . in the task of one - shot classification on the omniglot dataset , we achieve ←
→ a relevance - scalability - interpretability tradeoff with temporally evolving user personas ; the current work characterizes the users of a vod streaming space through user - personas based on a tenure timeline and temporal behavioral features in the absence of explicit user profiles . a combination of tenure timeline and temporal characteristics caters to business needs of understanding the evolution and phases of user behavior as their accounts age . the personas constructed in this work successfully represent ←
→ a simple explanation of a spectral algorithm for learning hidden markov models ; a simple linear algebraic explanation of the algorithm in " a spectral algorithm for learning hidden markov models " ( colt 2009 ). most of the content is in figure 2 ; the text just makes everything precise in four nearly - trivial claims .←
→ on correcting inputs : inverse optimization for online structured prediction ; algorithm designers typically assume that the input data is correct , and then proceed to find " optimal " or " sub - optimal " solutions using this input data . however this assumption of correct data does not always hold in practice , especially in the context of online learning systems where the objective is to learn appropriate feature weights given some training samples . such scenarios necessitate the study of inverse optimization p ←
→ directed time series regression for control ; we propose directed time series regression , a new approach to estimating parameters of time - series models for use in certainty equivalent model predictive control . the approach combines merits of least squares regression and empirical optimization . through a computational study involving a stochastic version of a well known inverted pendulum balancing problem , we demonstrate that directed time series regression can generate significant improvements in controller ←
→ finer grained entity typing with typenet ; we consider the challenging problem of entity typing over an extremely fine grained set of types , wherein a single mention or entity can have many simultaneous and often hierarchically - structured types . despite the importance of the problem , there is a relative lack of resources in the form of fine - grained , deep type hierarchies aligned to existing knowledge bases . in response , we introduce typenet , a dataset of entity types consisting of over 1941 types organized ←
→ challenges in providing automatic affective feedback in instant messaging applications ; instant messaging is one of the major channels of computer mediated communication . however , humans are known to be very limited in understanding others ' emotions via text - based communication . aiming on introducing emotion sensing technologies to instant messaging , we developed emotionpush , a system that automatically detects the emotions of the messages end - users received on facebook messenger and provides colored cue ←
→ thinning algorithm using hypergraph based morphological operators ; the object recognition is a complex problem in the image processing . mathematical morphology is shape oriented operations , that simplify image data , preserving their essential shape characteristics and eliminating irrelevancies . this paper briefly describes morphological operators using hypergraph and its applications for thinning algorithms . the morphological operators using hypergraph method is used to preventing errors and irregularities ←
→ evorus : a crowd - powered conversational assistant built to automate itself over time ; crowd - powered conversational assistants have been shown to be more robust than automated systems , but do so at the cost of higher response latency and monetary costs . a promising direction is to combine the two approaches for high quality , low latency , and low cost solutions . in this paper , we introduce evorus , a crowd - powered conversational assistant built to automate itself over time by ( i ) allowing new chatbots to be ←
→ prior matters : simple and general methods for evaluating and improving topic quality in topic modeling ; latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) models trained without stopword removal often produce topics with high posterior probabilities on uninformative words , obscuring the underlying corpus content . even when canonical stopwords are manually removed , uninformative words common in that corpus will still dominate the most probable words in a topic . in this work , we first show how the standard topic quality me ←
→ learning a loopy model for semantic segmentation exactly ; learning structured models using maximum margin techniques has become an indispensable tool for com - puter vision researchers , as many computer vision applications can be cast naturally as an image labeling problem . pixel - based or superpixel - based conditional random fields are particularly popular examples . typ - ically , neighborhood graphs , which contain a large number of cycles , are used . as exact inference in loopy graphs is np - hard in general , le ←
→ analyzing stability of convolutional neural networks in the frequency domain ; understanding the internal process of convnets is commonly done using visualization techniques . however , these techniques do not usually provide a tool for estimating the stability of a convnet against noise . in this paper , we show how to analyze a convnet in the frequency domain using a 4 - dimensional visualization technique . using the frequency domain analysis , we show the reason that a convnet might be sensitive to a very low ←
→ probabilistic agent programs ; agents are small programs that autonomously take actions based on changes in their environment or `` state .'' over the last few years , there have been an increasing number of efforts to build agents that can interact and / or collaborate with other agents . in one of these efforts , eiter , subrahmanian amd pick ( aij , 108 ( 1 - 2 ), pages 179 - 255 ) have shown how agents may be built on top of legacy code . however , their framework assumes that agent states are completely determined , and th ←
→ do more dropouts in pool5 feature maps for better object detection ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have gained great success in image classification and object detection . in these fields , the outputs of all layers of cnns are usually considered as a high dimensional feature vector extracted from an input image and the correspondence between finer level feature vectors and concepts that the input image contains is all - important . however , fewer studies focus on this deserving issue . on considering ←
→ unifying local and non - local signal processing with graph cnns ; this paper deals with the unification of local and non - local signal processing on graphs within a single convolutional neural network ( cnn ) framework . building upon recent works on graph cnns , we propose to use convolutional layers that take as inputs two variables , a signal and a graph , allowing the network to adapt to changes in the graph structure . in this article , we explain how this framework allows us to design a novel method to perform ←
→ multi - level computational methods for interdisciplinary research in the hathitrust digital library ; we show how faceted search using a combination of traditional classification systems and mixed - membership topic models can go beyond keyword search to inform resource discovery , hypothesis formulation , and argument extraction for interdisciplinary research . our test domain is the history and philosophy of scientific work on animal mind and cognition . the methods can be generalized to other research areas a ←
→ deep learning and conditional random fields - based depth estimation and topographical reconstruction from conventional endoscopy ; colorectal cancer is the fourth leading cause of cancer deaths worldwide and the second leading cause in the united states . the risk of colorectal cancer can be mitigated by the identification and removal of premalignant lesions through optical colonoscopy . unfortunately , conventional colonoscopy misses more than 20 % of the polyps that should be removed , due in part to poor con ←
→ learning human motion models for long - term predictions ; we propose a new architecture for the learning of predictive spatio - temporal motion models from data alone . our approach , dubbed the dropout autoencoder lstm , is capable of synthesizing natural looking motion sequences over long time horizons without catastrophic drift or motion degradation . the model consists of two components , a 3 - layer recurrent neural network to model temporal aspects and a novel auto - encoder that is trained to implicitly recover ←
→ music transcription modelling and composition using deep learning ; we apply deep learning methods , specifically long short - term memory ( lstm ) networks , to music transcription modelling and composition . we build and train lstm networks using approximately 23 , 000 music transcriptions expressed with a high - level vocabulary ( abc notation ), and use them to generate new transcriptions . our practical aim is to create music transcription models useful in particular contexts of music composition . we present results ←
→ dictionary learning for massive matrix factorization ; sparse matrix factorization is a popular tool to obtain interpretable data decompositions , which are also effective to perform data completion or denoising . its applicability to large datasets has been addressed with online and randomized methods , that reduce the complexity in one of the matrix dimension , but not in both of them . in this paper , we tackle very large matrices in both dimensions . we propose a new factoriza - tion method that scales gracefull ←
→ a multilateral filtering method applied to airplane runway image ; by considering the features of the airport runway image filtering , an improved bilateral filtering method was proposed which can remove noise with edge preserving . firstly the steerable filtering decomposition is used to calculate the sub - band parameters of 4 orients , and the texture feature matrix is then obtained from the sub - band local median energy . the texture similar , the spatial closer and the color similar functions are used to filte ←
→ motion estimated - compensated reconstruction with preserved - features in free - breathing cardiac mri ; to develop an efficient motion - compensated reconstruction technique for free - breathing cardiac magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) that allows high - quality images to be reconstructed from multiple undersampled single - shot acquisitions . the proposed method is a joint image reconstruction and motion correction method consisting of several steps , including a non - rigid motion extraction and a motion - compensated re ←
→ a structural query system for han characters ; the idsgrep structural query system for han character dictionaries is presented . this system includes a data model and syntax for describing the spatial structure of han characters using extended ideographic description sequences ( eidses ) based on the unicode ids syntax ; a language for querying eids databases , designed to suit the needs of font developers and foreign language learners ; a bit vector index inspired by bloom filters for faster query operations ; a ←
→ complex - valued autoencoders ; autoencoders are unsupervised machine learning circuits whose learning goal is to minimize a distortion measure between inputs and outputs . linear autoencoders can be defined over any field and only real - valued linear autoencoder have been studied so far . here we study complex - valued linear autoencoders where the components of the training vectors and adjustable matrices are defined over the complex field with the $ l_2 $ norm . we provide simpler and more general proofs that unif ←
→ a latent source model for nonparametric time series classification ; for classifying time series , a nearest - neighbor approach is widely used in practice with performance often competitive with or better than more elaborate methods such as neural networks , decision trees , and support vector machines . we develop theoretical justification for the effectiveness of nearest - neighbor - like classification of time series . our guiding hypothesis is that in many applications , such as forecasting which topics will becom ←
→ computational models of attention ; this chapter reviews recent computational models of visual attention . we begin with models for the bottom - up or stimulus - driven guidance of attention to salient visual items , which we examine in seven different broad categories . we then examine more complex models which address the top - down or goal - oriented guidance of attention towards items that are more relevant to the task at hand .←
→ sentiment in new york city : a high resolution spatial and temporal view ; measuring public sentiment is a key task for researchers and policymakers alike . the explosion of available social media data allows for a more time - sensitive and geographically specific analysis than ever before . in this paper we analyze data from the micro - blogging site twitter and generate a sentiment map of new york city . we develop a classifier specifically tuned for 140 - character twitter messages , or tweets , using key words , phr ←
→ a closer look at memorization in deep networks ; we examine the role of memorization in deep learning , drawing connections to capacity , generalization , and adversarial robustness . while deep networks are capable of memorizing noise data , our results suggest that they tend to prioritize learning simple patterns first . in our experiments , we expose qualitative differences in gradient - based optimization of deep neural networks ( dnns ) on noise vs . real data . we also demonstrate that for appropriately tuned expl ←
→ flexpoint : an adaptive numerical format for efficient training of deep neural networks ; deep neural networks are commonly developed and trained in 32 - bit floating point format . significant gains in performance and energy efficiency could be realized by training and inference in numerical formats optimized for deep learning . despite advances in limited precision inference in recent years , training of neural networks in low bit - width remains a challenging problem . here we present the flexpoint data format ,←
→ regularization and nonlinearities for neural language models : when are they needed ? ; neural language models ( lms ) based on recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) are some of the most successful word and character - level lms . why do they work so well , in particular better than linear neural lms ? possible explanations are that rnns have an implicitly better regularization or that rnns have a higher capacity for storing patterns due to their nonlinearities or both . here we argue for the first explanation in the lim ←
→ robust associative memories naturally occuring from recurrent hebbian networks under noise ; the brain is a noisy system subject to energy constraints . these facts are rarely taken into account when modelling artificial neural networks . in this paper , we are interested in demonstrating that those factors can actually lead to the appearance of robust associative memories . we first propose a simplified model of noise in the brain , taking into account synaptic noise and interference from neurons external to ←
→ representation learning in partially observable environments using sensorimotor prediction ; in order to explore and act autonomously in an environment , an agent needs to learn from the sensorimotor information that is captured while acting . by extracting the regularities in this sensorimotor stream , it can learn a model of the world , which in turn can be used as a basis for action and exploration . this requires the acquisition of compact representations from a possibly high dimensional raw observation ,←
→ rule - based semantic sensing ; rule - based systems have been in use for decades to solve a variety of problems but not in the sensor informatics domain . rules aid the aggregation of low - level sensor readings to form a more complete picture of the real world and help to address 10 identified challenges for sensor network middleware . this paper presents the reader with an overview of a system architecture and a pilot application to demonstrate the usefulness of a system integrating rules with sensor middleware .←
→ struc2vec : learning node representations from structural identity ; structural identity is a concept of symmetry in which network nodes are identified according to the network structure and their relationship to other nodes . structural identity has been studied in theory and practice over the past decades , but only recently has it been addressed with representational learning techniques . this work presents struc2vec , a novel and flexible framework for learning latent representations for the structural ident ←
→ gaussian filter in crf based semantic segmentation ; artificial intelligence is making great changes in academy and industry with the fast development of deep learning , which is a branch of machine learning and statistical learning . fully convolutional network [ 1 ] is the standard model for semantic segmentation . conditional random fields coded as cnn [ 2 ] or rnn [ 3 ] and connected with fcn has been successfully applied in object detection [ 4 ]. in this paper , we introduce a multi - resolution neural network for ←
→ weather forecasting error in solar energy forecasting ; as renewable distributed energy resources ( ders ) penetrate the power grid at an accelerating speed , it is essential for operators to have accurate solar photovoltaic ( pv ) energy forecasting for efficient operations and planning . generally , observed weather data are applied in the solar pv generation forecasting model while in practice the energy forecasting is based on forecasted weather data . in this paper , a study on the uncertainty in weather foreca ←
→ learned multi - patch similarity ; estimating a depth map from multiple views of a scene is a fundamental task in computer vision . as soon as more than two viewpoints are available , one faces the very basic question how to measure similarity across > 2 image patches . surprisingly , no direct solution exists , instead it is common to fall back to more or less robust averaging of two - view similarities . encouraged by the success of machine learning , and in particular convolutional neural networks , we propose to lea ←
→ deep networks for compressed image sensing ; the compressed sensing ( cs ) theory has been successfully applied to image compression in the past few years as most image signals are sparse in a certain domain . several cs reconstruction models have been recently proposed and obtained superior performance . however , there still exist two important challenges within the cs theory . the first one is how to design a sampling mechanism to achieve an optimal sampling efficiency , and the second one is how to perform the ←
→ an infinite hidden markov model with similarity - biased transitions ; we describe a generalization of the hierarchical dirichlet process hidden markov model ( hdp - hmm ) which is able to encode prior information that state transitions are more likely between " nearby " states . this is accomplished by defining a similarity function on the state space and scaling transition probabilities by pair - wise similarities , thereby inducing correlations among the transition distributions . we present an augmented data represe ←
→ structured generative adversarial networks ; we study the problem of conditional generative modeling based on designated semantics or structures . existing models that build conditional generators either require massive labeled instances as supervision or are unable to accurately control the semantics of generated samples . we propose structured generative adversarial networks ( sgans ) for semi - supervised conditional generative modeling . sgan assumes the data x is generated conditioned on two independent laten ←
→ binary decision diagrams for affine approximation ; selman and kautz ' s work on `` knowledge compilation '' established how approximation ( strengthening and / or weakening ) of a propositional knowledge - base can be used to speed up query processing , at the expense of completeness . in this classical approach , querying uses horn over - and under - approximations of a given knowledge - base , which is represented as a propositional formula in conjunctive normal form ( cnf ). along with the class of horn functions , one could ←
→ an efficiency dependency parser using hybrid approach for tamil language ; natural language processing is a prompt research area across the country . parsing is one of the very crucial tool in language analysis system which aims to forecast the structural relationship among the words in a given sentence . many researchers have already developed so many language tools but the accuracy is not meet out the human expectation level , thus the research is still exists . machine translation is one of the major applica ←
→ incremental map generation by low cost robots based on possibility / necessity grids ; in this paper we present some results obtained with a troupe of low - cost robots designed to cooperatively explore and adquire the map of unknown structured orthogonal environments . in order to improve the covering of the explored zone , the robots show different behaviours and cooperate by transferring each other the perceived environment when they meet . the returning robots deliver to a host computer their partial maps an ←
→ data sets : word embeddings learned from tweets and general data ; a word embedding is a low - dimensional , dense and real - valued vector representation of a word . word embeddings have been used in many nlp tasks . they are usually gener - ated from a large text corpus . the embedding of a word cap - tures both its syntactic and semantic aspects . tweets are short , noisy and have unique lexical and semantic features that are different from other types of text . therefore , it is necessary to have word embeddings lear ←
→ 3d face recognition with sparse spherical representations ; this paper addresses the problem of 3d face recognition using simultaneous sparse approximations on the sphere . the 3d face point clouds are first aligned with a novel and fully automated registration process . they are then represented as signals on the 2d sphere in order to preserve depth and geometry information . next , we implement a dimensionality reduction process with simultaneous sparse approximations and subspace projection . it permits to re ←
→ risk - sensitive reinforcement learning applied to control under constraints ; in this paper , we consider markov decision processes ( mdps ) with error states . error states are those states entering which is undesirable or dangerous . we define the risk with respect to a policy as the probability of entering such a state when the policy is pursued . we consider the problem of finding good policies whose risk is smaller than some user - specified threshold , and formalize it as a constrained mdp with two criteria . ←
→ translation - based constraint answer set solving ; we solve constraint satisfaction problems through translation to answer set programming ( asp ). our reformulations have the property that unit - propagation in the asp solver achieves well defined local consistency properties like arc , bound and range consistency . experiments demonstrate the computational value of this approach .←
→ a simple , fast and fully automated approach for midline shift measurement on brain computed tomography ; brain ct has become a standard imaging tool for emergent evaluation of brain condition , and measurement of midline shift ( mls ) is one of the most important features to address for brain ct assessment . we present a simple method to estimate mls and propose a new alternative parameter to mls : the ratio of mls over the maximal width of intracranial region ( mls / icwmax ). three neurosurgeons and our automate ←
→ a survey on multi - task learning ; multi - task learning ( mtl ) is a learning paradigm in machine learning and its aim is to leverage useful information contained in multiple related tasks to help improve the generalization performance of all the tasks . in this paper , we give a survey for mtl . first , we classify different mtl algorithms into several categories : feature learning approach , low - rank approach , task clustering approach , task relation learning approach , dirty approach , multi - level approach and deep l ←
→ on the optimal solution of weighted nuclear norm minimization ; in recent years , the nuclear norm minimization ( nnm ) problem has been attracting much attention in computer vision and machine learning . the nnm problem is capitalized on its convexity and it can be solved efficiently . the standard nuclear norm regularizes all singular values equally , which is however not flexible enough to fit real scenarios . weighted nuclear norm minimization ( wnnm ) is a natural extension and generalization of nnm . by assigni ←
→ dssd : deconvolutional single shot detector ; the main contribution of this paper is an approach for introducing additional context into state - of - the - art general object detection . to achieve this we first combine a state - of - the - art classifier ( residual - 101 [ 14 ]) with a fast detection framework ( ssd [ 18 ]). we then augment ssd + residual - 101 with deconvolution layers to introduce additional large - scale context in object detection and improve accuracy , especially for small objects , calling our resulting system dss ←
→ activity recognition based on a magnitude - orientation stream network ; the temporal component of videos provides an important clue for activity recognition , as a number of activities can be reliably recognized based on the motion information . in view of that , this work proposes a novel temporal stream for two - stream convolutional networks based on images computed from the optical flow magnitude and orientation , named magnitude - orientation stream ( mos ), to learn the motion in a better and richer manner . our ←
→ image - based synthesis for deep 3d human pose estimation ; this paper addresses the problem of 3d human pose estimation in the wild . a significant challenge is the lack of training data , i . e ., 2d images of humans annotated with 3d poses . such data is necessary to train state - of - the - art cnn architectures . here , we propose a solution to generate a large set of photorealistic synthetic images of humans with 3d pose annotations . we introduce an image - based synthesis engine that artificially augments a dataset of ←
→ globally optimal cell tracking using integer programming ; we propose a novel approach to automatically tracking cell populations in time - lapse images . to account for cell occlusions and overlaps , we introduce a robust method that generates an over - complete set of competing detection hypotheses . we then perform detection and tracking simultaneously on these hypotheses by solving to optimality an integer program with only one type of flow variables . this eliminates the need for heuristics to handle missed de ←
→ resnetcrowd : a residual deep learning architecture for crowd counting , violent behaviour detection and crowd density level classification ; in this paper we propose resnetcrowd , a deep residual architecture for simultaneous crowd counting , violent behaviour detection and crowd density level classification . to train and evaluate the proposed multi - objective technique , a new 100 image dataset referred to as multi task crowd is constructed . this new dataset is the first computer vision dataset fully annotate ←
→ swarm intelligence based algorithms : a critical analysis ; many optimization algorithms have been developed by drawing inspiration from swarm intelligence ( si ). these si - based algorithms can have some advantages over traditional algorithms . in this paper , we carry out a critical analysis of these si - based algorithms by analyzing their ways to mimic evolutionary operators . we also analyze the ways of achieving exploration and exploitation in algorithms by using mutation , crossover and selection . in addition ,←
→ on comparing clusterings : an element - centric framework unifies overlaps and hierarchy ; clustering is one of the most universal approaches for understanding complex data . a pivotal aspect of clustering analysis is quantitatively comparing clusterings ; clustering comparison is the basis for tasks such as clustering evaluation , consensus clustering , and tracking the temporal evolution of clusters . for example , the extrinsic evaluation of clustering methods requires comparing the uncovered clusterings to pla ←
→ peak criterion for choosing gaussian kernel bandwidth in support vector data description ; support vector data description ( svdd ) is a machine - learning technique used for single class classification and outlier detection . svdd formulation with kernel function provides a flexible boundary around data . the value of kernel function parameters affects the nature of the data boundary . for example , it is observed that with a gaussian kernel , as the value of kernel bandwidth is lowered , the data boundary changes ←
→ cooperation between pronoun and reference resolution for unrestricted texts ; anaphora resolution is envisaged in this paper as part of the reference resolution process . a general open architecture is proposed , which can be particularized and configured in order to simulate some classic anaphora resolution methods . with the aim of improving pronoun resolution , the system takes advantage of elementary cues about characters of the text , which are represented through a particular data structure . in its most ←
→ an experimental survey on correlation filter - based tracking ; over these years , correlation filter - based trackers ( cfts ) have aroused increasing interests in the field of visual object tracking , and have achieved extremely compelling results in different competitions and benchmarks . in this paper , our goal is to review the developments of cfts with extensive experimental results . 11 trackers are surveyed in our work , based on which a general framework is summarized . furthermore , we investigate different tra ←
→ view - based propagator derivation ; when implementing a propagator for a constraint , one must decide about variants : when implementing min , should one also implement max ? should one implement linear constraints both with unit and non - unit coefficients ? constraint variants are ubiquitous : implementing them requires considerable ( if not prohibitive ) effort and decreases maintainability , but will deliver better performance than resorting to constraint decomposition . this paper shows how to use views to derive ←
→ a new 3d segmentation technique for qct scans of the lumbar spine to determine bmd and vertebral geometry ; quantitative computed tomography ( qct ) is a standard method to determine bone mineral density ( bmd ) in the spine . traditionally single 8 - 10 mm thick slices have been analyzed only . current spiral ct scanners provide true 3d acquisition schemes allowing for a more differential bmd analysis and an assessment of geometric parameters , which may improve fracture prediction . we developed a novel 3d segm ←
→ mutual information for fitting deep nonlinear models ; deep nonlinear models pose a challenge for fitting parameters due to lack of knowledge of the hidden layer and the potentially non - affine relation of the initial and observed layers . in the present work we investigate the use of information theoretic measures such as mutual information and kullback - leibler ( kl ) divergence as objective functions for fitting such models without knowledge of the hidden layer . we investigate one model as a proof of concept ←
→ learning xml twig queries ; we investigate the problem of learning xml queries , path queries and tree pattern queries , from examples given by the user . a learning algorithm takes on the input a set of xml documents with nodes annotated by the user and returns a query that selects the nodes in a manner consistent with the annotation . we study two learning settings that differ with the types of annotations . in the first setting the user may only indicate required nodes that the query must return . in the secon ←
→ interactive pomdp lite : towards practical planning to predict and exploit intentions for interacting with self - interested agents ; a key challenge in non - cooperative multi - agent systems is that of developing efficient planning algorithms for intelligent agents to interact and perform effectively among boundedly rational , self - interested agents ( e . g ., humans ). the practicality of existing works addressing this challenge is being undermined due to either the restrictive assumptions of the other agents ' beha ←
→ detection of human rights violations in images : can convolutional neural networks help ? ; after setting the performance benchmarks for image , video , speech and audio processing , deep convolutional networks have been core to the greatest advances in image recognition tasks in recent times . this raises the question of whether there are any benefit in targeting these remarkable deep architectures with the unattempted task of recognising human rights violations through digital images . under this perspective , ←
→ can we see photosynthesis ? magnifying the tiny color changes of plant green leaves using eulerian video magnification ; plant aliveness is proven through laboratory experiments and special scientific instruments . in this paper , we aim to detect the degree of animation of plants based on the magnification of the small color changes in the plant ' s green leaves using the eulerian video magnification . capturing the video under a controlled environment , e . g ., using a tripod and direct current ( dc ) light source ←
→ dual principal component pursuit ; we consider the problem of outlier rejection in single subspace learning . classical approaches work with a direct representation of the subspace , and are thus efficient when the subspace dimension is small . our approach works with a dual representation of the subspace and hence aims to find its orthogonal complement ; as such , it is particularly suitable for subspaces whose dimension is very close to the ambient dimension ( subspaces of high relative dimension ). we pose the ←
→ a social spider algorithm for solving the non - convex economic load dispatch problem ; economic load dispatch ( eld ) is one of the essential components in power system control and operation . although conventional eld formulation can be solved using mathematical programming techniques , modern power system introduces new models of the power units which are non - convex , non - differentiable , and sometimes non - continuous . in order to solve such non - convex eld problems , in this paper we propose a new approach based ←
→ learning stylometric representations for authorship analysis ; authorship analysis ( aa ) is the study of unveiling the hidden properties of authors from a body of exponentially exploding textual data . it extracts an author ' s identity and sociolinguistic characteristics based on the reflected writing styles in the text . it is an essential process for various areas , such as cybercrime investigation , psycholinguistics , political socialization , etc . however , most of the previous techniques critically depend on t ←
→ multi - objective active control policy design for commensurate and incommensurate fractional order chaotic financial systems ; in this paper , an active control policy design for a fractional order ( fo ) financial system is attempted , considering multiple conflicting objectives . an active control template as a nonlinear state feedback mechanism is developed and the controller gains are chosen within a multi - objective optimization ( moo ) framework to satisfy the conditions of asymptotic stability , derived anal ←
→ optimal spectral transportation with application to music transcription ; many spectral unmixing methods rely on the non - negative decomposition of spectral data onto a dictionary of spectral templates . in particular , state - of - the - art music transcription systems decompose the spectrogram of the input signal onto a dictionary of representative note spectra . the typical measures of fit used to quantify the adequacy of the decomposition compare the data and template entries frequency - wise . as such , small displa ←
→ kernel coding : general formulation and special cases ; representing images by compact codes has proven beneficial for many visual recognition tasks . most existing techniques , however , perform this coding step directly in image feature space , where the distributions of the different classes are typically entangled . in contrast , here , we study the problem of performing coding in a high - dimensional hilbert space , where the classes are expected to be more easily separable . to this end , we introduce a general co ←
→ marginal pseudo - likelihood learning of markov network structures ; undirected graphical models known as markov networks are popular for a wide variety of applications ranging from statistical physics to computational biology . traditionally , learning of the network structure has been done under the assumption of chordality which ensures that efficient scoring methods can be used . in general , non - chordal graphs have intractable normalizing constants which renders the calculation of bayesian and other scores d ←
→ stochastic gradient descent algorithms for strongly convex functions at o ( 1 / t ) convergence rates ; with a weighting scheme proportional to t , a traditional stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) algorithm achieves a high probability convergence rate of o ({\ kappa }/ t ) for strongly convex functions , instead of o ({\ kappa } ln ( t )/ t ). we also prove that an accelerated sgd algorithm also achieves a rate of o ({\ kappa }/ t ).←
→ information gain ratio correction : improving prediction with more balanced decision tree splits ; decision trees algorithms use a gain function to select the best split during the tree ' s induction . this function is crucial to obtain trees with high predictive accuracy . some gain functions can suffer from a bias when it compares splits of different arities . quinlan proposed a gain ratio in c4 . 5 ' s information gain function to fix this bias . in this paper , we present an updated version of the gain ratio that ←
→ stroke - based cursive character recognition ; human eye can see and read what is written or displayed either in natural handwriting or in printed format . the same work in case the machine does is called handwriting recognition . handwriting recognition can be broken down into two categories : off - line and on - line . ...←
→ intelligent indoor mobile robot navigation using stereo vision ; majority of the existing robot navigation systems , which facilitate the use of laser range finders , sonar sensors or artificial landmarks , has the ability to locate itself in an unknown environment and then build a map of the corresponding environment . stereo vision , while still being a rapidly developing technique in the field of autonomous mobile robots , are currently less preferable due to its high implementation cost . this paper aims at de ←
→ providing effective real - time feedback in simulation - based surgical training ; virtual reality simulation is becoming popular as a training platform in surgical education . however , one important aspect of simulation - based surgical training that has not received much attention is the provision of automated real - time performance feedback to support the learning process . performance feedback is actionable advice that improves novice behaviour . in simulation , automated feedback is typically extracted from pre ←
→ multi - sensor image fusion based on moment calculation ; an image fusion method based on salient features is proposed in this paper . in this work , we have concentrated on salient features of the image for fusion in order to preserve all relevant information contained in the input images and tried to enhance the contrast in fused image and also suppressed noise to a maximum extent . in our system , first we have applied a mask on two input images in order to conserve the high frequency information along with so ←
→ acronym disambiguation : a domain independent approach ; acronyms are omnipresent . they usually express information that is repetitive and well known . but acronyms can also be ambiguous because there can be multiple expansions for the same acronym . in this paper , we propose a general system for acronym disambiguation that can work on any acronym given some context information . we present methods for retrieving all the possible expansions of an acronym from wikipedia and acronymsfinder . com . we propose to use ←
→ monitoring term drift based on semantic consistency in an evolving vector field ; based on the aristotelian concept of potentiality vs . actuality allowing for the study of energy and dynamics in language , we propose a field approach to lexical analysis . falling back on the distributional hypothesis to statistically model word meaning , we used evolving fields as a metaphor to express time - dependent changes in a vector space model by a combination of random indexing and evolving self - organizing maps ( esom ).←
→ unsupervised construction of human body models using principles of organic computing ; unsupervised learning of a generalizable model of the visual appearance of humans from video data is of major importance for computing systems interacting naturally with their users and others . we propose a step towards automatic behavior understanding by integrating principles of organic computing into the posture estimation cycle , thereby relegating the need for human intervention while simultaneously raising the leve ←
→ one - trial correction of legacy ai systems and stochastic separation theorems ; we consider the problem of efficient " on the fly " tuning of existing , or {\ it legacy }, artificial intelligence ( ai ) systems . the legacy ai systems are allowed to be of arbitrary class , albeit the data they are using for computing interim or final decision responses should posses an underlying structure of a high - dimensional topological real vector space . the tuning method that we propose enables dealing with errors without the ←
→ regret bounds for restless markov bandits ; we consider the restless markov bandit problem , in which the state of each arm evolves according to a markov process independently of the learner ' s actions . we suggest an algorithm that after $ t $ steps achieves $\ tilde { o }(\ sqrt { t })$ regret with respect to the best policy that knows the distributions of all arms . no assumptions on the markov chains are made except that they are irreducible . in addition , we show that index - based policies are necessarily suboptimal f ←
→ narrative science systems : a review ; automatic narration of events and entities is the need of the hour , especially when live reporting is critical and volume of information to be narrated is huge . this paper discusses the challenges in this context , along with the algorithms used to build such systems . from a systematic study , we can infer that most of the work done in this area is related to statistical data . it was also found that subjective evaluation or contribution of experts is also limited for narr ←
→ application of multiview techniques to nhanes dataset ; disease prediction or classification using health datasets involve using well - known predictors associated with the disease as features for the models . this study considers multiple data components of an individual ' s health , using the relationship between variables to generate features that may improve the performance of disease classification models . in order to capture information from different aspects of the data , this project uses a multiview learn ←
→ region - based active contour with noise and shape priors ; in this paper , we propose to combine formally noise and shape priors in region - based active contours . on the one hand , we use the general framework of exponential family as a prior model for noise . on the other hand , translation and scale invariant legendre moments are considered to incorporate the shape prior ( e . g . fidelity to a reference shape ). the combination of the two prior terms in the active contour functional yields the final evolution equat ←
→ learning deep representation without parameter inference for nonlinear dimensionality reduction ; unsupervised deep learning is one of the most powerful representation learning techniques . restricted boltzman machine , sparse coding , regularized auto - encoders , and convolutional neural networks are pioneering building blocks of deep learning . in this paper , we propose a new building block -- distributed random models . the proposed method is a special full implementation of the product of experts : ( i ) each e ←
→ fast approximate bayesian computation for estimating parameters in differential equations ; approximate bayesian computation ( abc ) using a sequential monte carlo method provides a comprehensive platform for parameter estimation , model selection and sensitivity analysis in differential equations . however , this method , like other monte carlo methods , incurs a significant computational cost as it requires explicit numerical integration of differential equations to carry out inference . in this paper we propos ←
→ greedy metrics in orthogonal greedy learning ; orthogonal greedy learning ( ogl ) is a stepwise learning scheme that adds a new atom from a dictionary via the steepest gradient descent and build the estimator via orthogonal projecting the target function to the space spanned by the selected atoms in each greedy step . here , " greed " means choosing a new atom according to the steepest gradient descent principle . ogl then avoids the overfitting / underfitting by selecting an appropriate iteration number . in this pa ←
→ learning to distill : the essence vector modeling framework ; in the context of natural language processing , representation learning has emerged as a newly active research subject because of its excellent performance in many applications . learning representations of words is a pioneering study in this school of research . however , paragraph ( or sentence and document ) embedding learning is more suitable / reasonable for some tasks , such as sentiment classification and document summarization . nevertheless , as far ←
→ video ( gif ) sentiment analysis using large - scale mid - level ontology ; with faster connection speed , internet users are now making social network a huge reservoir of texts , images and video clips ( gif ). sentiment analysis for such online platform can be used to predict political elections , evaluates economic indicators and so on . however , gif sentiment analysis is quite challenging , not only because it hinges on spatio - temporal visual contentabstraction , but also for the relationship between such abstraction ←
→ object segmentation in images using eeg signals ; this paper explores the potential of brain - computer interfaces in segmenting objects from images . our approach is centered around designing an effective method for displaying the image parts to the users such that they generate measurable brain reactions . when an image region , specifically a block of pixels , is displayed we estimate the probability of the block containing the object of interest using a score based on eeg activity . after several such blocks a ←
→ ranking to learn : feature ranking and selection via eigenvector centrality ; in an era where accumulating data is easy and storing it inexpensive , feature selection plays a central role in helping to reduce the high - dimensionality of huge amounts of otherwise meaningless data . in this paper , we propose a graph - based method for feature selection that ranks features by identifying the most important ones into arbitrary set of cues . mapping the problem on an affinity graph - where features are the nodes - the so ←
→ a recursive divide - and - conquer approach for sparse principal component analysis ; in this paper , a new method is proposed for sparse pca based on the recursive divide - and - conquer methodology . the main idea is to separate the original sparse pca problem into a series of much simpler sub - problems , each having a closed - form solution . by recursively solving these sub - problems in an analytical way , an efficient algorithm is constructed to solve the sparse pca problem . the algorithm only involves simple computa ←
→ solving influence diagrams using hugin , shafer - shenoy and lazy propagation ; in this paper we compare three different architectures for the evaluation of influence diagrams : hugin , shafer - shenoy , and lazy evaluation architecture . the computational complexity of the architectures are compared on the limited memory influence diagram ( limid ): a diagram where only the requiste information for the computation of the optimal policies are depicted . because the requsite information is explicitly represented in th ←
→ deepsd : generating high resolution climate change projections through single image super - resolution ; the impacts of climate change are felt by most critical systems , such as infrastructure , ecological systems , and power - plants . however , contemporary earth system models ( esm ) are run at spatial resolutions too coarse for assessing effects this localized . local scale projections can be obtained using statistical downscaling , a technique which uses historical climate observations to learn a low - resolution t ←
→ unsupervised learning of semantic orientation from a hundred - billion - word corpus ; the evaluative character of a word is called its semantic orientation . a positive semantic orientation implies desirability ( e . g ., " honest ", " intrepid ") and a negative semantic orientation implies undesirability ( e . g ., " disturbing ", " superfluous "). this paper introduces a simple algorithm for unsupervised learning of semantic orientation from extremely large corpora . the method involves issuing queries to a web search engin ←
→ sign language tutoring tool ; in this project , we have developed a sign language tutor that lets users learn isolated signs by watching recorded videos and by trying the same signs . the system records the user ' s video and analyses it . if the sign is recognized , both verbal and animated feedback is given to the user . the system is able to recognize complex signs that involve both hand gestures and head movements and expressions . our performance tests yield a 99 % recognition rate on signs involving only manua ←
→ infrared face recognition : a literature review ; automatic face recognition ( afr ) is an area with immense practical potential which includes a wide range of commercial and law enforcement applications , and it continues to be one of the most active research areas of computer vision . even after over three decades of intense research , the state - of - the - art in afr continues to improve , benefiting from advances in a range of different fields including image processing , pattern recognition , computer graphics and p ←
→ multi - modal sensor registration for vehicle perception via deep neural networks ; the ability to simultaneously leverage multiple modes of sensor information is critical for perception of an automated vehicle ' s physical surroundings . spatio - temporal alignment of registration of the incoming information is often a prerequisite to analyzing the fused data . the persistence and reliability of multi - modal registration is therefore the key to the stability of decision support systems ingesting the fused informa ←
→ logic tensor networks : deep learning and logical reasoning from data and knowledge ; we propose logic tensor networks : a uniform framework for integrating automatic learning and reasoning . a logic formalism called real logic is defined on a first - order language whereby formulas have truth - value in the interval [ 0 , 1 ] and semantics defined concretely on the domain of real numbers . logical constants are interpreted as feature vectors of real numbers . real logic promotes a well - founded integration of deductiv ←
→ minimax manifold estimation ; we find the minimax rate of convergence in hausdorff distance for estimating a manifold m of dimension d embedded in r ^ d given a noisy sample from the manifold . we assume that the manifold satisfies a smoothness condition and that the noise distribution has compact support . we show that the optimal rate of convergence is n ^{- 2 /( 2 + d )}. thus , the minimax rate depends only on the dimension of the manifold , not on the dimension of the space in which m is embedded .←
→ the option - critic architecture ; temporal abstraction is key to scaling up learning and planning in reinforcement learning . while planning with temporally extended actions is well understood , creating such abstractions autonomously from data has remained challenging . we tackle this problem in the framework of options [ sutton , precup & singh , 1999 ; precup , 2000 ]. we derive policy gradient theorems for options and propose a new option - critic architecture capable of learning both the internal policies and the ←
→ joint learning for pulmonary nodule segmentation , attributes and malignancy prediction ; refer to the literature of lung nodule classification , many studies adopt convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) to directly predict the malignancy of lung nodules with original thoracic computed tomography ( ct ) and nodule location . however , these studies cannot tell how the cnn works in terms of predicting the malignancy of the given nodule , e . g ., it ' s hard to conclude that whether the region within the nodule or the co ←
→ augmented reality for depth cues in monocular minimally invasive surgery ; one of the major challenges in minimally invasive surgery ( mis ) such as laparoscopy is the lack of depth perception . in recent years , laparoscopic scene tracking and surface reconstruction has been a focus of investigation to provide rich additional information to aid the surgical process and compensate for the depth perception issue . however , robust 3d surface reconstruction and augmented reality with depth perception on the reconst ←
→ on euclidean norm approximations ; euclidean norm calculations arise frequently in scientific and engineering applications . several approximations for this norm with differing complexity and accuracy have been proposed in the literature . earlier approaches were based on minimizing the maximum error . recently , seol and cheun proposed an approximation based on minimizing the average error . in this paper , we first examine these approximations in detail , show that they fit into a single mathematical formulation ←
→ automatic 3d liver segmentation using sparse representation of global and local image information via level set formulation ; in this paper , a novel framework for automated liver segmentation via a level set formulation is presented . a sparse representation of both global ( region - based ) and local ( voxel - wise ) image information is embedded in a level set formulation to innovate a new cost function . two dictionaries are build : a region - based feature dictionary and a voxel - wise dictionary . these dictionaries ←
→ a pilot study of domain adaptation effect for neural abstractive summarization ; we study the problem of domain adaptation for neural abstractive summarization . we make initial efforts in investigating what information can be transferred to a new domain . experimental results on news stories and opinion articles indicate that neural summarization model benefits from pre - training based on extractive summaries . we also find that the combination of in - domain and out - of - domain setup yields better summaries whe ←
→ asymptotically optimal agents ; artificial general intelligence aims to create agents capable of learning to solve arbitrary interesting problems . we define two versions of asymptotic optimality and prove that no agent can satisfy the strong version while in some cases , depending on discounting , there does exist a non - computable weak asymptotically optimal agent .←
→ multi - agent only - knowing revisited ; levesque introduced the notion of only - knowing to precisely capture the beliefs of a knowledge base . he also showed how only - knowing can be used to formalize non - monotonic behavior within a monotonic logic . despite its appeal , all attempts to extend only - knowing to the many agent case have undesirable properties . a belief model by halpern and lakemeyer , for instance , appeals to proof - theoretic constructs in the semantics and needs to axiomatize validity as part of the lo ←
→ virtual view networks for object reconstruction ; all that structure from motion algorithms " see " are sets of 2d points . we show that these impoverished views of the world can be faked for the purpose of reconstructing objects in challenging settings , such as from a single image , or from a few ones far apart , by recognizing the object and getting help from a collection of images of other objects from the same class . we synthesize virtual views by computing geodesics on novel networks connecting objects with ←
→ twitter opinion topic model : extracting product opinions from tweets by leveraging hashtags and sentiment lexicon ; aspect - based opinion mining is widely applied to review data to aggregate or summarize opinions of a product , and the current state - of - the - art is achieved with latent dirichlet allocation ( lda )- based model . although social media data like tweets are laden with opinions , their " dirty " nature ( as natural language ) has discouraged researchers from applying lda - based opinion model for product re ←
→ a hindi speech actuated computer interface for web search ; aiming at increasing system simplicity and flexibility , an audio evoked based system was developed by integrating simplified headphone and user - friendly software design . this paper describes a hindi speech actuated computer interface for web search ( hsaciws ), which accepts spoken queries in hindi language and provides the search result on the screen . this system recognizes spoken queries by large vocabulary continuous speech recognition ( lvcsr ), re ←
→ bibliographic analysis on research publications using authors , categorical labels and the citation network ; bibliographic analysis considers the author ' s research areas , the citation network and the paper content among other things . in this paper , we combine these three in a topic model that produces a bibliographic model of authors , topics and documents , using a nonparametric extension of a combination of the poisson mixed - topic link model and the author - topic model . this gives rise to the citation netw ←
→ a multi - layer image representation using regularized residual quantization : application to compression and denoising ; a learning - based framework for representation of domain - specific images is proposed where joint compression and denoising can be done using a vq - based multi - layer network . while it learns to compress the images from a training set , the compression performance is very well generalized on images from a test set . moreover , when fed with noisy versions of the test set , since it has priors fro ←
→ a stochastic temporal model of polyphonic midi performance with ornaments ; we study indeterminacies in realization of ornaments and how they can be incorporated in a stochastic performance model applicable for music information processing such as score - performance matching . we point out the importance of temporal information , and propose a hidden markov model which describes it explicitly and represents ornaments with several state types . following a review of the indeterminacies , they are carefully inco ←
→ accnet : actor - coordinator - critic net for " learning - to - communicate " with deep multi - agent reinforcement learning ; communication is a critical factor for the big multi - agent world to stay organized and productive . typically , most previous multi - agent " learning - to - communicate " studies try to predefine the communication protocols or use technologies such as tabular reinforcement learning and evolutionary algorithm , which can not generalize to changing environment or large collection of agents . in this pape ←
→ plagiarism detection on electronic text based assignments using vector space model ( iciafs14 ) ; plagiarism is known as illegal use of others ' part of work or whole work as one ' s own in any field such as art , poetry , literature , cinema , research and other creative forms of study . plagiarism is one of the important issues in academic and research fields and giving more concern in academic systems . the situation is even worse with the availability of ample resources on the web . this paper focuses on an effec ←
→ generating multiple diverse hypotheses for human 3d pose consistent with 2d joint detections ; we propose a method to generate multiple diverse and valid human pose hypotheses in 3d all consistent with the 2d detection of joints in a monocular rgb image . we use a novel generative model uniform ( unbiased ) in the space of anatomically plausible 3d poses . our model is compositional ( produces a pose by combining parts ) and since it is restricted only by anatomical constraints it can generalize to every plausi ←
→ on regret - optimal learning in decentralized multi - player multi - armed bandits ; we consider the problem of learning in single - player and multiplayer multiarmed bandit models . bandit problems are classes of online learning problems that capture exploration versus exploitation tradeoffs . in a multiarmed bandit model , players can pick among many arms , and each play of an arm generates an i . i . d . reward from an unknown distribution . the objective is to design a policy that maximizes the expected reward over a t ←
→ deep adaptive attention for joint facial action unit detection and face alignment ; facial action unit ( au ) detection and face alignment are two highly correlated tasks since facial landmarks can provide precise au locations to facilitate the extraction of meaningful local features for au detection . most existing au detection works often treat face alignment as a preprocessing and handle the two tasks independently . in this paper , we propose a novel end - to - end deep learning framework for joint au detectio ←
→ a variational bayesian approach for image restoration . application to image deblurring with poisson - gaussian noise ; in this paper , a methodology is investigated for signal recovery in the presence of non - gaussian noise . in contrast with regularized minimization approaches often adopted in the literature , in our algorithm the regularization parameter is reliably estimated from the observations . as the posterior density of the unknown parameters is analytically intractable , the estimation problem is derive ←
→ assessment of effective parameters on dilution using approximate reasoning methods in longwall mining method , iran coal mines ; approximately more than 90 % of all coal production in iranian underground mines is derived directly longwall mining method . out of seam dilution is one of the essential problems in these mines . therefore the dilution can impose the additional cost of mining and milling . as a result , recognition of the effective parameters on the dilution has a remarkable role in industry . in this ←
→ using program induction to interpret transition system dynamics ; explaining and reasoning about processes which underlie observed black - box phenomena enables the discovery of causal mechanisms , derivation of suitable abstract representations and the formulation of more robust predictions . we propose to learn high level functional programs in order to represent abstract models which capture the invariant structure in the observed data . we introduce the $\ pi $- machine ( program - induction machine ) -- an archite ←
→ on the evolution of word usage of classical chinese poetry ; the hierarchy of classical chinese poetry has been broadly acknowledged by a number of studies in chinese literature . however , quantitative investigations about the evolution of classical chinese poetry are limited . the primary goal of this study is to provide quantitative evidence of the evolutionary linkages , with emphasis on word usage , among different period genres for classical chinese poetry . specifically , various statistical analyses were p ←
→ passgan : a deep learning approach for password guessing ; state - of - the - art password guessing tools , such as hashcat and john the ripper , enable users to check billions of passwords per second against password hashes . in addition to performing straightforward dictionary attacks , these tools can expand password dictionaries using password generation rules , such as concatenation of words ( e . g ., " password123456 ") and leet speak ( e . g ., " password " becomes " p4s5w0rd "). although these rules work well in practice , e ←
→ tracking completion ; a fundamental component of modern trackers is an online learned tracking model , which is typically modeled either globally or locally . the two kinds of models perform differently in terms of effectiveness and robustness under different challenging situations . this work exploits the advantages of both models . a subspace model , from a global perspective , is learned from previously obtained targets via rank - minimization to address the tracking , and a pixel - level local observation is lever ←
→ an efficient method of partitioning high volumes of multidimensional data for parallel clustering algorithms ; an optimal data partitioning in parallel & distributed implementation of clustering algorithms is a necessary computation as it ensures independent task completion , fair distribution , less number of affected points and better & faster merging . though partitioning using kd tree is being conventionally used in academia , it suffers from performance drenches and bias ( non equal distribution ) as dimen ←
→ a characterization of deterministic sampling patterns for low - rank matrix completion ; low - rank matrix completion ( lrmc ) problems arise in a wide variety of applications . previous theory mainly provides conditions for completion under missing - at - random samplings . this paper studies deterministic conditions for completion . an incomplete $ d \ times n $ matrix is finitely rank -$ r $ completable if there are at most finitely many rank -$ r $ matrices that agree with all its observed entries . finite completability is ←
→ a novel adaptive possibilistic clustering algorithm ; in this paper a novel possibilistic c - means clustering algorithm , called adaptive possibilistic c - means , is presented . its main feature is that {\ it all } its parameters , after their initialization , are properly adapted during its execution . provided that the algorithm starts with a reasonable overestimate of the number of physical clusters formed by the data , it is capable , in principle , to unravel them ( a long - standing issue in the clustering literature ←
→ demand - driven clustering in relational domains for predicting adverse drug events ; learning from electronic medical records ( emr ) is challenging due to their relational nature and the uncertain dependence between a patient ' s past and future health status . statistical relational learning is a natural fit for analyzing emrs but is less adept at handling their inherent latent structure , such as connections between related medications or diseases . one way to capture the latent structure is via a relational c ←
→ stratified transfer learning for cross - domain activity recognition ; in activity recognition , it is often expensive and time - consuming to acquire sufficient activity labels . to solve this problem , transfer learning leverages the labeled samples from the source domain to annotate the target domain which has few or none labels . existing approaches typically consider learning a global domain shift while ignoring the intra - affinity between classes , which will hinder the performance of the algorithms . in this pa ←
→ layer - wise synapse optimization for implementing neural networks on general neuromorphic architectures ; deep artificial neural networks ( anns ) can represent a wide range of complex functions . implementing anns in von neumann computing systems , though , incurs a high energy cost due to the bottleneck created between cpu and memory . implementation on neuromorphic systems may help to reduce energy demand . conventional anns must be converted into equivalent spiking neural networks ( snns ) in order to be deploy ←
→ improved local search in artificial bee colony using golden section search ; artificial bee colony ( abc ), an optimization algorithm is a recent addition to the family of population based search algorithm . abc has taken its inspiration from the collective intelligent foraging behavior of honey bees . in this study we have incorporated golden section search mechanism in the structure of basic abc to improve the global convergence and prevent to stick on a local solution . the proposed variant is termed as ils ←
→ high - order attention models for visual question answering ; the quest for algorithms that enable cognitive abilities is an important part of machine learning . a common trait in many recently investigated cognitive - like tasks is that they take into account different data modalities , such as visual and textual input . in this paper we propose a novel and generally applicable form of attention mechanism that learns high - order correlations between various data modalities . we show that high - order correlations eff ←
→ distributed recurrent neural forward models with synaptic adaptation for complex behaviors of walking robots ; walking animals , like stick insects , cockroaches or ants , demonstrate a fascinating range of locomotive abilities and complex behaviors . the locomotive behaviors can consist of a variety of walking patterns along with adaptation that allow the animals to deal with changes in environmental conditions , like uneven terrains , gaps , obstacles etc . biological study has revealed that such complex behavi ←
→ training group orthogonal neural networks with privileged information ; learning rich and diverse representations is critical for the performance of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). in this paper , we consider how to use privileged information to promote inherent diversity of a single cnn model such that the model can learn better representations and offer stronger generalization ability . to this end , we propose a novel group orthogonal convolutional neural network ( gocnn ) that learns untangled rep ←
→ mahalanobis distance for class averaging of cryo - em images ; single particle reconstruction ( spr ) from cryo - electron microscopy ( em ) is a technique in which the 3d structure of a molecule needs to be determined from its contrast transfer function ( ctf ) affected , noisy 2d projection images taken at unknown viewing directions . one of the main challenges in cryo - em is the typically low signal to noise ratio ( snr ) of the acquired images . 2d classification of images , followed by class averaging , improves the snr ←
→ a family of simplified geometric distortion models for camera calibration ; the commonly used radial distortion model for camera calibration is in fact an assumption or a restriction . in practice , camera distortion could happen in a general geometrical manner that is not limited to the radial sense . this paper proposes a simplified geometrical distortion modeling method by using two different radial distortion functions in the two image axes . a family of simplified geometric distortion models is proposed ,←
→ sparse group restricted boltzmann machines ; since learning is typically very slow in boltzmann machines , there is a need to restrict connections within hidden layers . however , the resulting states of hidden units exhibit statistical dependencies . based on this observation , we propose using $ l_1 / l_2 $ regularization upon the activation possibilities of hidden units in restricted boltzmann machines to capture the loacal dependencies among hidden units . this regularization not only encourages hidden units of m ←
→ semi - supervised cross - entropy clustering with information bottleneck constraint ; in this paper , we propose a semi - supervised clustering method , cec - ib , that models data with a set of gaussian distributions and that retrieves clusters based on a partial labeling provided by the user ( partition - level side information ). by combining the ideas from cross - entropy clustering ( cec ) with those from the information bottleneck method ( ib ), our method trades between three conflicting goals : the accuracy with which ←
→ novel analysis of population scalability in evolutionary algorithms ; population - based evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) have been widely applied to solve various optimization problems . the question of how the performance of a population - based ea depends on the population size arises naturally . the performance of an ea may be evaluated by different measures , such as the average convergence rate to the optimal set per generation or the expected number of generations to encounter an optimal solution for the first ←
→ convolutional neural network - based place recognition ; recently convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been shown to achieve state - of - the - art performance on various classification tasks . in this paper , we present for the first time a place recognition technique based on cnn models , by combining the powerful features learnt by cnns with a spatial and sequential filter . applying the system to a 70 km benchmark place recognition dataset we achieve a 75 % increase in recall at 100 % precision , significantly ou ←
→ semantic specialisation of distributional word vector spaces using monolingual and cross - lingual constraints ; we present attract - repel , an algorithm for improving the semantic quality of word vectors by injecting constraints extracted from lexical resources . attract - repel facilitates the use of constraints from mono - and cross - lingual resources , yielding semantically specialised cross - lingual vector spaces . our evaluation shows that the method can make use of existing cross - lingual lexicons to construct ←
→ lifted relational neural networks ; we propose a method combining relational - logic representations with neural network learning . a general lifted architecture , possibly reflecting some background domain knowledge , is described through relational rules which may be handcrafted or learned . the relational rule - set serves as a template for unfolding possibly deep neural networks whose structures also reflect the structures of given training or testing relational examples . different networks corresponding to dif ←
→ understanding deep image representations by inverting them ; image representations , from sift and bag of visual words to convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), are a crucial component of almost any image understanding system . nevertheless , our understanding of them remains limited . in this paper we conduct a direct analysis of the visual information contained in representations by asking the following question : given an encoding of an image , to which extent is it possible to reconstruct the image itself ? to ←
→ unstructuring user preferences : efficient non - parametric utility revelation ; tackling the problem of ordinal preference revelation and reasoning , we propose a novel methodology for generating an ordinal utility function from a set of qualitative preference statements . to the best of our knowledge , our proposal constitutes the first nonparametric solution for this problem that is both efficient and semantically sound . our initial experiments provide strong evidence for practical effectiveness of our appro ←
→ light source estimation with analytical path - tracing ; we present a novel algorithm for light source estimation in scenes reconstructed with a rgb - d camera based on an analytically - derived formulation of path - tracing . our algorithm traces the reconstructed scene with a custom path - tracer and computes the analytical derivatives of the light transport equation from principles in optics . these derivatives are then used to perform gradient descent , minimizing the photometric error between one or more captured r ←
→ incorporating domain knowledge in matching problems via harmonic analysis ; matching one set of objects to another is a ubiquitous task in machine learning and computer vision that often reduces to some form of the quadratic assignment problem ( qap ). the qap is known to be notoriously hard , both in theory and in practice . here , we investigate if this difficulty can be mitigated when some additional piece of information is available : ( a ) that all qap instances of interest come from the same application , an ←
→ efficient processing of deep neural networks : a tutorial and survey ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) are currently widely used for many artificial intelligence ( ai ) applications including computer vision , speech recognition , and robotics . while dnns deliver state - of - the - art accuracy on many ai tasks , it comes at the cost of high computational complexity . accordingly , techniques that enable efficient processing of dnns to improve energy efficiency and throughput without sacrificing application accuracy or incre ←
→ change detection under global viewpoint uncertainty ; this paper addresses the problem of change detection from a novel perspective of long - term map learning . we are particularly interested in designing an approach that can scale to large maps and that can function under global uncertainty in the viewpoint ( i . e ., gps - denied situations ). our approach , which utilizes a compact bag - of - words ( bow ) scene model , makes several contributions to the problem : 1 ) two kinds of prior information are extracted from the ←
→ multi - dimensional gated recurrent units for automated anatomical landmark localization ; we present an automated method for localizing an anatomical landmark in three - dimensional medical images . the method combines two recurrent neural networks in a coarse - to - fine approach : the first network determines a candidate neighborhood by analyzing the complete given image volume . the second network localizes the actual landmark precisely and accurately in the candidate neighborhood . both networks take advantage o ←
→ unsupervised object discovery and segmentation of rgbd - images ; in this paper we introduce a system for unsupervised object discovery and segmentation of rgbd - images . the system models the sensor noise directly from data , allowing accurate segmentation without sensor specific hand tuning of measurement noise models making use of the recently introduced statistical inlier estimation ( sie ) method . through a fully probabilistic formulation , the system is able to apply probabilistic inference , enabling reliable ←
→ transformation autoregressive networks ; the fundamental task of general density estimation $ p ( x )$ has been of keen interest to machine learning . in this work , we attempt to systematically characterize methods for density estimation . broadly speaking , most of the existing methods can be categorized into either using : \ textit { a }) autoregressive models to estimate the conditional factors of the chain rule , $ p ( x_ { i }\, |\, x_ { i - 1 }, \ ldots )$; or \ textit { b }) non - linear transformations of variables of a simple bas ←
→ benchmark of deep learning models on large healthcare mimic datasets ; deep learning models ( aka deep neural networks ) have revolutionized many fields including computer vision , natural language processing , speech recognition , and is being increasingly used in clinical healthcare applications . however , few works exist which have benchmarked the performance of the deep learning models with respect to the state - of - the - art machine learning models and prognostic scoring systems on publicly available healthcare ←
→ process makna - a semantic wiki for scientific workflows ; virtual e - science infrastructures supporting web - based scientific workflows are an example for knowledge - intensive collaborative and weakly - structured processes where the interaction with the human scientists during process execution plays a central role . in this paper we propose the lightweight dynamic user - friendly interaction with humans during execution of scientific workflows via the low - barrier approach of semantic wikis as an intuitive interf ←
→ evolution of images with diversity and constraints using a generator network ; evolutionary search has been extensively used to generate artistic images . raw images have high dimensionality which makes a direct search for an image challenging . in previous work this problem has been addressed by using compact symbolic encodings or by constraining images with priors . recent developments in deep learning have enabled a generation of compelling artistic images using generative networks that encode images with ←
→ fast and accurate image super resolution by deep cnn with skip connection and network in network ; we propose a highly efficient and faster single image super - resolution ( sisr ) model with deep convolutional neural networks ( deep cnn ). deep cnn have recently shown that they have a significant reconstruction performance on single - image super - resolution . current trend is using deeper cnn layers to improve performance . however , deep models demand larger computation resources and is not suitable for network ed ←
→ deep - fsmn for large vocabulary continuous speech recognition ; in this paper , we present an improved feedforward sequential memory networks ( fsmn ) architecture , namely deep - fsmn ( dfsmn ), by introducing skip connections between memory blocks in adjacent layers . these skip connections enable the information flow across different layers and thus alleviate the gradient vanishing problem when building very deep structure . as a result , dfsmn significantly benefits from these skip connections and deep structure . w ←
→ generalized boosting algorithms for convex optimization ; boosting is a popular way to derive powerful learners from simpler hypothesis classes . following previous work ( mason et al ., 1999 ; friedman , 2000 ) on general boosting frameworks , we analyze gradient - based descent algorithms for boosting with respect to any convex objective and introduce a new measure of weak learner performance into this setting which generalizes existing work . we present the weak to strong learning guarantees for the existing gradi ←
→ graphical models for bandit problems ; we introduce a rich class of graphical models for multi - armed bandit problems that permit both the state or context space and the action space to be very large , yet succinctly specify the payoffs for any context - action pair . our main result is an algorithm for such models whose regret is bounded by the number of parameters and whose running time depends only on the treewidth of the graph substructure induced by the action space .←
→ robust and fully automated segmentation of mandible from ct scans ; mandible bone segmentation from computed tomography ( ct ) scans is challenging due to mandible ' s structural irregularities , complex shape patterns , and lack of contrast in joints . furthermore , connections of teeth to mandible and mandible to remaining parts of the skull make it extremely difficult to identify mandible boundary automatically . this study addresses these challenges by proposing a novel framework where we define the segmentation ←
→ hyp - despot : a hybrid parallel algorithm for online planning under uncertainty ; planning under uncertainty is critical for robust robot performance in uncertain , dynamic environments , but it incurs high computational cost . state - of - the - art online search algorithms , such as despot , have vastly improved the computational efficiency of planning under uncertainty and made it a valuable tool for robotics in practice . this work takes one step further by leveraging both cpu and gpu parallelization in order to ac ←
→ rebalancing dockless bike sharing systems ; bike sharing provides an environment - friendly way for traveling and is booming all over the world . yet , due to the high similarity of user travel patterns , the bike imbalance problem constantly occurs , especially for dockless bike sharing systems , causing significant impact on service quality and company revenue . thus , it has become a critical task for bike sharing systems to resolve such imbalance efficiently . we model this problem as a markov decision process ( m ←
→ lego : learning edge with geometry all at once by watching videos ; learning to estimate 3d geometry in a single image by watching unlabeled videos via deep convolutional network is attracting significant attention . in this paper , we introduce a " 3d as - smooth - as - possible ( 3d - asap )" priori inside the pipeline , which enables joint estimation of edges and 3d scene , yielding results with significant improvement in accuracy for fine detailed structures . specifically , we define the 3d - asap priori by requiring that ←
→ expert gate : lifelong learning with a network of experts ; in this paper we introduce a model of lifelong learning , based on a network of experts . new tasks / experts are learned and added to the model sequentially , building on what was learned before . to ensure scalability of this process , data from previous tasks cannot be stored and hence is not available when learning a new task . a critical issue in such context , not addressed in the literature so far , relates to the decision which expert to deploy at te ←
→ distributed online learning via cooperative contextual bandits ; in this paper we propose a novel framework for decentralized , online learning by many learners . at each moment of time , an instance characterized by a certain context may arrive to each learner ; based on the context , the learner can select one of its own actions ( which gives a reward and provides information ) or request assistance from another learner . in the latter case , the requester pays a cost and receives the reward but the provider learn ←
→ training of cc4 neural network with spread unary coding ; this paper adapts the corner classification algorithm ( cc4 ) to train the neural networks using spread unary inputs . this is an important problem as spread unary appears to be at the basis of data representation in biological learning . the modified cc4 algorithm is tested using the pattern classification experiment and the results are found to be good . specifically , we show that the number of misclassified points is not particularly sensitive to the c ←
→ using novelty - biased ga to sample diversity in graphs satisfying constraints ; the structure of the network underlying many complex systems , whether artificial or natural , plays a significant role in how these systems operate . as a result , much emphasis has been placed on accurately describing networks using network theoretic metrics . when it comes to generating networks with similar properties , however , the set of available techniques and properties that can be controlled for remains limited . further , wh ←
→ reasoning with qualitative probabilities can be tractable ; we recently described a formalism for reasoning with if - then rules that re expressed with different levels of firmness [ 18 ]. the formalism interprets these rules as extreme conditional probability statements , specifying orders of magnitude of disbelief , which impose constraints over possible rankings of worlds . it was shown that , once we compute a priority function z + on the rules , the degree to which a given query is confirmed or denied can be com ←
→ deep video generation , prediction and completion of human action sequences ; current deep learning results on video generation are limited while there are only a few first results on video prediction and no relevant significant results on video completion . this is due to the severe ill - posedness inherent in these three problems . in this paper , we focus on human action videos , and propose a general , two - stage deep framework to generate human action videos with no constraints or arbitrary number of constrai ←
→ exploring models and data for image question answering ; this work aims to address the problem of image - based question - answering ( qa ) with new models and datasets . in our work , we propose to use neural networks and visual semantic embeddings , without intermediate stages such as object detection and image segmentation , to predict answers to simple questions about images . our model performs 1 . 8 times better than the only published results on an existing image qa dataset . we also present a question generation ←
→ automatic discoveries of physical and semantic concepts via association priors of neuron groups ; the recent successful deep neural networks are largely trained in a supervised manner . it {\ it associates } complex patterns of input samples with neurons in the last layer , which form representations of {\ it concepts }. in spite of their successes , the properties of complex patterns associated a learned concept remain elusive . in this work , by analyzing how neurons are associated with concepts in supervised ne ←
→ multiclass classification of cervical cancer tissues by hidden markov model ; in this paper , we report a hidden markov model based multiclass classification of cervical cancer tissues . this model has been validated directly over time series generated by the medium refractive index fluctuations extracted from differential interference contrast images of healthy and different stages of cancer tissues . the method shows promising results for multiclass classification with higher accuracy .←
→ continuous - time visual - inertial trajectory estimation with event cameras ; in contrast to traditional cameras , which output images at a fixed rate , event cameras have independent pixels that output asynchronous pixel - level brightness changes with microsecond resolution . in this paper , we leverage a continuous - time framework to perform trajectory estimation by fusing visual data from a moving event camera with inertial data from an imu . this framework allows direct integration of the asynchronous events with ←
→ truthful facility location with additive errors ; we address the problem of locating facilities on the $[ 0 , 1 ]$ interval based on reports from strategic agents . the cost of each agent is her distance to the closest facility , and the global objective is to minimize either the maximum cost of an agent or the social cost . as opposed to the extensive literature on facility location which considers the multiplicative error , we focus on minimizing the worst - case additive error . minimizing the additive error ince ←
→ authorship attribution through function word adjacency networks ; a method for authorship attribution based on function word adjacency networks ( wans ) is introduced . function words are parts of speech that express grammatical relationships between other words but do not carry lexical meaning on their own . in the wans in this paper , nodes are function words and directed edges stand in for the likelihood of finding the sink word in the ordered vicinity of the source word . wans of different authors can be inte ←
→ transitive invariance for self - supervised visual representation learning ; learning visual representations with self - supervised learning has become popular in computer vision . the idea is to design auxiliary tasks where labels are free to obtain . most of these tasks end up providing data to learn specific kinds of invariance useful for recognition . in this paper , we propose to exploit different self - supervised approaches to learn representations invariant to ( i ) inter - instance variations ( two objects in the ←
→ dimension projection among languages based on pseudo - relevant documents for query translation ; using top - ranked documents in response to a query has been shown to be an effective approach to improve the quality of query translation in dictionary - based cross - language information retrieval . in this paper , we propose a new method for dictionary - based query translation based on dimension projection of embedded vectors from the pseudo - relevant documents in the source language to their equivalents in the targe ←
→ syntactic enhancement to vsimm for roadmap based anomalous trajectory detection : a natural language processing approach ; the aim of syntactic tracking is to classify spatio - temporal patterns of a target ' s motion using natural language processing models . in this paper , we generalize earlier work by considering a constrained stochastic context free grammar ( cscfg ) for modeling patterns confined to a roadmap . the constrained grammar facilitates modeling specific directions and road names in a roadmap . we pr ←
→ warped mixtures for nonparametric cluster shapes ; a mixture of gaussians fit to a single curved or heavy - tailed cluster will report that the data contains many clusters . to produce more appropriate clusterings , we introduce a model which warps a latent mixture of gaussians to produce nonparametric cluster shapes . the possibly low - dimensional latent mixture model allows us to summarize the properties of the high - dimensional clusters ( or density manifolds ) describing the data . the number of manifolds , as wel ←
→ reinforcement and imitation learning for diverse visuomotor skills ; we propose a model - free deep reinforcement learning method that leverages a small amount of demonstration data to assist a reinforcement learning agent . we apply this approach to robotic manipulation tasks and train end - to - end visuomotor policies that map directly from rgb camera inputs to joint velocities . we demonstrate that our approach can solve a wide variety of visuomotor tasks , for which engineering a scripted controller would be la ←
→ adversarial inverse graphics networks : learning 2d - to - 3d lifting and image - to - image translation from unpaired supervision ; researchers have developed excellent feed - forward models that learn to map images to desired outputs , such as to the images ' latent factors , or to other images , using supervised learning . learning such mappings from unlabelled data , or improving upon supervised models by exploiting unlabelled data , remains elusive . we argue that there are two important parts to learning without annot ←
→ niftynet : a deep - learning platform for medical imaging ; medical image analysis and computer - assisted intervention problems are increasingly being addressed with deep - learning - based solutions . established deep - learning platforms are flexible but do not provide specific functionality for medical image analysis and adapting them for this application requires substantial implementation effort . thus , there has been substantial duplication of effort and incompatible infrastructure developed across many research ←
→ contextual multi - armed bandits under feature uncertainty ; we study contextual multi - armed bandit problems under linear realizability on rewards and uncertainty ( or noise ) on features . for the case of identical noise on features across actions , we propose an algorithm , coined {\ em nlinrel }, having $ o \ left ( t ^{\ frac { 7 }{ 8 }} \ left (\ log {( dt )}+ k \ sqrt { d }\ right )\ right )$ regret bound for $ t $ rounds , $ k $ actions , and $ d $- dimensional feature vectors . next , for the case of non - identical noise , we observe that popular l ←
→ discovering political topics in facebook discussion threads with spectral contextualization ; we propose a new technique , spectral contextualization , to study political engagement on facebook during the 2012 french presidential election . in particular , we examine the facebook posts of the eight leading candidates and the comments beneath these posts . we find evidence of both ( i ) candidate - centered structure , where citizens primarily comment on the wall of one candidate and ( ii ) issue - centered structure ( i ←
→ source - sensitive belief change ; the agm model is the most remarkable framework for modeling belief revision . however , it is not perfect in all aspects . paraconsistent belief revision , multi - agent belief revision and non - prioritized belief revision are three different extensions to agm to address three important criticisms applied to it . in this article , we propose a framework based on agm that takes a position in each of these categories . also , we discuss some features of our framework and study the satisf ←
→ symmetric low - rank representation for subspace clustering ; we propose a symmetric low - rank representation ( slrr ) method for subspace clustering , which assumes that a data set is approximately drawn from the union of multiple subspaces . the proposed technique can reveal the membership of multiple subspaces through the self - expressiveness property of the data . in particular , the slrr method considers a collaborative representation combined with low - rank matrix recovery techniques as a low - rank representation ←
→ a note on the triangle inequality for the jaccard distance ; two simple proofs of the triangle inequality for the jaccard distance in terms of nonnegative , monotone , submodular functions are given and discussed .←
→ b - cnn : branch convolutional neural network for hierarchical classification ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) image classifiers are traditionally designed to have sequential convolutional layers with a single output layer . this is based on the assumption that all target classes should be treated equally and exclusively . however , some classes can be more difficult to distinguish than others , and classes may be organized in a hierarchy of categories . at the same time , a cnn is designed to learn internal r ←
→ a coordinated mdp approach to multi - agent planning for resource allocation , with applications to healthcare ; this paper considers a novel approach to scalable multiagent resource allocation in dynamic settings . we propose an approximate solution in which each resource consumer is represented by an independent mdp - based agent that models expected utility using an average model of its expected access to resources given only limited information about all other agents . a global auction - based mechanism is pro ←
→ dual recurrent attention units for visual question answering ; we propose an architecture for vqa which utilizes recurrent layers to generate visual and textual attention . the memory characteristic of the proposed recurrent attention units offers a rich joint embedding of visual and textual features and enables the model to reason relations between several parts of the image and question . our single model outperforms the first place winner on the vqa 1 . 0 dataset , performs within margin to the current state -←
→ synergy of all - purpose static solver and temporal reasoning tools in dynamic integrated expert systems ; the paper discusses scientific and technological problems of dynamic integrated expert systems development . extensions of problem - oriented methodology for dynamic integrated expert systems development are considered . attention is paid to the temporal knowledge representation and processing .←
→ deep inference of personality traits by integrating image and word use in social networks ; social media , as a major platform for communication and information exchange , is a rich repository of the opinions and sentiments of 2 . 3 billion users about a vast spectrum of topics . to sense the whys of certain social user ' s demands and cultural - driven interests , however , the knowledge embedded in the 1 . 8 billion pictures which are uploaded daily in public profiles has just started to be exploited since this proc ←
→ learning and analyzing vector encoding of symbolic representations ; we present a formal language with expressions denoting general symbol structures and queries which access information in those structures . a sequence - to - sequence network processing this language learns to encode symbol structures and query them . the learned representation ( approximately ) shares a simple linearity property with theoretical techniques for performing this task .←
→ predictive entropy search for bayesian optimization with unknown constraints ; unknown constraints arise in many types of expensive black - box optimization problems . several methods have been proposed recently for performing bayesian optimization with constraints , based on the expected improvement ( ei ) heuristic . however , ei can lead to pathologies when used with constraints . for example , in the case of decoupled constraints --- i . e ., when one can independently evaluate the objective or the constraints --- ei ←
→ low - rank modeling and its applications in image analysis ; low - rank modeling generally refers to a class of methods that solve problems by representing variables of interest as low - rank matrices . it has achieved great success in various fields including computer vision , data mining , signal processing and bioinformatics . recently , much progress has been made in theories , algorithms and applications of low - rank modeling , such as exact low - rank matrix recovery via convex programming and matrix completion appli ←
→ nice latent variable models have log - rank ; matrices of low rank are pervasive in big data , appearing in recommender systems , movie preferences , topic models , medical records , and genomics . while there is a vast literature on how to exploit low rank structure in these datasets , there is less attention on explaining why the low rank structure appears in the first place . we explain the abundance of low rank matrices in big data by proving that certain latent variable models associated to piecewise analytic fu ←
→ quip - a tool for computing nonmonotonic reasoning tasks ; in this paper , we outline the prototype of an automated inference tool , called quip , which provides a uniform implementation for several nonmonotonic reasoning formalisms . the theoretical basis of quip is derived from well - known results about the computational complexity of nonmonotonic logics and exploits a representation of the different reasoning tasks in terms of quantified boolean formulae .←
→ a stochastic approach to stdp ; we present a digital implementation of the spike timing dependent plasticity ( stdp ) learning rule . the proposed digital implementation consists of an exponential decay generator array and a stdp adaptor array . on the arrival of a pre - and post - synaptic spike , the stdp adaptor will send a digital spike to the decay generator . the decay generator will then generate an exponential decay , which will be used by the stdp adaptor to perform the weight adaption . the exponential decay ←
→ a topological derivative based image segmentation for sign language recognition system using isotropic filter ; the need of sign language is increasing radically especially to hearing impaired community . only few research groups try to automatically recognize sign language from video , colored gloves and etc . their approach requires a valid segmentation of the data that is used for training and of the data that is used to be recognized . recognition of a sign language image sequence is challenging because o ←
→ understanding negations in information processing : learning from replicating human behavior ; information systems experience an ever - growing volume of unstructured data , particularly in the form of textual materials . this represents a rich source of information from which one can create value for people , organizations and businesses . for instance , recommender systems can benefit from automatically understanding preferences based on user reviews or social media . however , it is difficult for computer progra ←
→ active testing for face detection and localization ; we provide a novel search technique , which uses a hierarchical model and a mutual information gain heuristic to efficiently prune the search space when localizing faces in images . we show exponential gains in computation over traditional sliding window approaches , while keeping similar performance levels .←
→ efficient multi - task feature and relationship learning ; in this paper we propose a multi - convex framework for multi - task learning that improves predictions by learning relationships both between tasks and between features . our framework is a generalization of related methods in multi - task learning , that either learn task relationships , or feature relationships , but not both . we start with a hierarchical bayesian model , and use the empirical bayes method to transform the underlying inference problem into a ←
→ photo filter recommendation by category - aware aesthetic learning ; nowadays , social media has become a popular platform for the public to share photos . to make photos more visually appealing , users usually apply filters on their photos without domain knowledge . however , due to the growing number of filter types , it becomes a major issue for users to choose the best filter type . for this purpose , filter recommendation for photo aesthetics takes an important role in image quality ranking problems . in these ye ←
→ unsupervised place discovery for place - specific change classifier ; in this study , we address the problem of supervised change detection for robotic map learning applications , in which the aim is to train a place - specific change classifier ( e . g ., support vector machine ( svm )) to predict changes from a robot ' s view image . an open question is the manner in which to partition a robot ' s workspace into places ( e . g ., svms ) to maximize the overall performance of change classifiers . this is a chicken - or - egg problem ←
→ sketching word vectors through hashing ; we propose a new fast word embedding technique using hash functions . the method is a derandomization of a new type of random projections : by disregarding the classic constraint used in designing random projections ( i . e ., preserving pairwise distances in a particular normed space ), our solution exploits extremely sparse non - negative random projections . our experiments show that the proposed method can achieve competitive results , comparable to neural embedding learnin ←
→ gigamachine : incremental machine learning on desktop computers ; we present a concrete design for solomonoff ' s incremental machine learning system suitable for desktop computers . we use r5rs scheme and its standard library with a few omissions as the reference machine . we introduce a levin search variant based on a stochastic context free grammar together with new update algorithms that use the same grammar as a guiding probability distribution for incremental machine learning . the updates include adjusting ←
→ continuous multimodal emotion recognition approach for avec 2017 ; this paper reports the analysis of audio and visual features in predicting the continuous emotion dimensions under the seventh audio / visual emotion challenge ( avec 2017 ), which was done as part of a b . tech . 2nd year internship project . for visual features we used the hog ( histogram of gradients ) features , fisher encodings of sift ( scale - invariant feature transform ) features based on gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) and some pretrained convolutio ←
→ convolutional sequence to sequence learning ; the prevalent approach to sequence to sequence learning maps an input sequence to a variable length output sequence via recurrent neural networks . we introduce an architecture based entirely on convolutional neural networks . compared to recurrent models , computations over all elements can be fully parallelized during training and optimization is easier since the number of non - linearities is fixed and independent of the input length . our use of gated linear units ←
→ on the complexity of the weighted fused lasso ; the solution path of the 1d fused lasso for an $ n $- dimensional input is piecewise linear with $\ mathcal { o }( n )$ segments ( hoefling et al . 2010 and tibshirani et al 2011 ). however , existing proofs of this bound do not hold for the weighted fused lasso . at the same time , results for the generalized lasso , of which the weighted fused lasso is a special case , allow $\ omega ( 3 ^ n )$ segments ( mairal et al . 2012 ). in this paper , we prove that the number of segments in t ←
→ complex and holographic embeddings of knowledge graphs : a comparison ; embeddings of knowledge graphs have received significant attention due to their excellent performance for tasks like link prediction and entity resolution . in this short paper , we are providing a comparison of two state - of - the - art knowledge graph embeddings for which their equivalence has recently been established , i . e ., complex and hole [ nickel , rosasco , and poggio , 2016 ; trouillon et al ., 2016 ; hayashi and shimbo , 2017 ]. first , we brie ←
→ training set debugging using trusted items ; training set bugs are flaws in the data that adversely affect machine learning . the training set is usually too large for man - ual inspection , but one may have the resources to verify a few trusted items . the set of trusted items may not by itself be adequate for learning , so we propose an algorithm that uses these items to identify bugs in the training set and thus im - proves learning . specifically , our approach seeks the smallest set of changes to the training ←
→ fitting generalized essential matrices from generic 6x6 matrices and its applications ; this paper addresses the problem of finding the closest generalized essential matrix from a given 6x6 matrix , with respect to the frobenius norm . to the best of our knowledge , this nonlinear constrained optimization problem has not been addressed in the literature yet . although it can be solved directly , it involves a large amount of 33 constraints , and any optimization method to solve it will require much computationa ←
→ payment rules through discriminant - based classifiers ; in mechanism design it is typical to impose incentive compatibility and then derive an optimal mechanism subject to this constraint . by replacing the incentive compatibility requirement with the goal of minimizing expected ex post regret , we are able to adapt statistical machine learning techniques to the design of payment rules . this computational approach to mechanism design is applicable to domains with multi - dimensional types and situations where co ←
→ order - planning neural text generation from structured data ; generating texts from structured data ( e . g ., a table ) is important for various natural language processing tasks such as question answering and dialog systems . in recent studies , researchers use neural language models and encoder - decoder frameworks for table - to - text generation . however , these neural network - based approaches do not model the order of contents during text generation . when a human writes a summary based on a given table , he or she wo ←
→ auto - encoders : reconstruction versus compression ; we discuss the similarities and differences between training an auto - encoder to minimize the reconstruction error , and training the same auto - encoder to compress the data via a generative model . minimizing a codelength for the data using an auto - encoder is equivalent to minimizing the reconstruction error plus some correcting terms which have an interpretation as either a denoising or contractive property of the decoding function . these terms are related bu ←
→ dynamic trees for streaming and massive data contexts ; data collection at a massive scale is becoming ubiquitous in a wide variety of settings , from vast offline databases to streaming real - time information . learning algorithms deployed in such contexts must rely on single - pass inference , where the data history is never revisited . in streaming contexts , learning must also be temporally adaptive to remain up - to - date against unforeseen changes in the data generating mechanism . although rapidly growing , the o ←
→ made : masked autoencoder for distribution estimation ; there has been a lot of recent interest in designing neural network models to estimate a distribution from a set of examples . we introduce a simple modification for autoencoder neural networks that yields powerful generative models . our method masks the autoencoder ' s parameters to respect autoregressive constraints : each input is reconstructed only from previous inputs in a given ordering . constrained this way , the autoencoder outputs can be interpreted ←
→ learning local shape descriptors from part correspondences with multi - view convolutional networks ; we present a new local descriptor for 3d shapes , directly applicable to a wide range of shape analysis problems such as point correspondences , semantic segmentation , affordance prediction , and shape - to - scan matching . the descriptor is produced by a convolutional network that is trained to embed geometrically and semantically similar points close to one another in descriptor space . the network processes surf ←
→ non - linear phase - shifting of haar wavelets for run - time all - frequency lighting ; this paper focuses on real - time all - frequency image - based rendering using an innovative solution for run - time computation of light transport . the approach is based on new results derived for non - linear phase shifting in the haar wavelet domain . although image - based methods for real - time rendering of dynamic glossy objects have been proposed , they do not truly scale to all possible frequencies and high sampling rates without t ←
→ towards a new interpretation of separable convolutions ; in recent times , the use of separable convolutions in deep convolutional neural network architectures has been explored . several researchers , most notably ( chollet , 2016 ) and ( ghosh , 2017 ) have used separable convolutions in their deep architectures and have demonstrated state of the art or close to state of the art performance . however , the underlying mechanism of action of separable convolutions are still not fully understood . although their mathema ←
→ label - specific training set construction from web resource for image annotation ; recently many research efforts have been devoted to image annotation by leveraging on the associated tags / keywords of web images as training labels . a key issue to resolve is the relatively low accuracy of the tags . in this paper , we propose a novel semi - automatic framework to construct a more accurate and effective training set from these web media resources for each label that we want to learn . experiments conducted on a r ←
→ multilevel image encryption ; with the fast evolution of digital data exchange and increased usage of multi media images , it is essential to protect the confidential image data from unauthorized access . in natural images the values and position of the neighbouring pixels are strongly correlated . the method proposed in this paper , breaks this correlation increasing entropy of the position and entropy of pixel values using block shuffling and encryption by chaotic sequence respectively . the plain - image is ini ←
→ scene labeling through knowledge - based rules employing constrained integer linear programing ; scene labeling task is to segment the image into meaningful regions and categorize them into classes of objects which comprised the image . commonly used methods typically find the local features for each segment and label them using classifiers . afterward , labeling is smoothed in order to make sure that neighboring regions receive similar labels . however , they ignore expressive and non - local dependencies among r ←
→ onsets and frames : dual - objective piano transcription ; we consider the problem of transcribing polyphonic piano music with an emphasis on generalizing to unseen instruments . we use deep neural networks and propose a novel approach that predicts onsets and frames using both cnns and lstms . this model predicts pitch onset events and then uses those predictions to condition framewise pitch predictions . during inference , we restrict the predictions from the framewise detector by not allowing a new note to star ←
→ 3d reconstruction of temples in the special region of yogyakarta by using close - range photogrammetry ; object reconstruction is one of the main problems in cultural heritage preservation . this problem is due to lack of data in documentation . thus in this research we presented a method of 3d reconstruction using close - range photogrammetry . we collected 1319 photos from five temples in yogyakarta . using a - kaze algorithm , keypoints of each image were obtained . then we employed liop to create feature descript ←
→ sparse distributed learning based on diffusion adaptation ; this article proposes diffusion lms strategies for distributed estimation over adaptive networks that are able to exploit sparsity in the underlying system model . the approach relies on convex regularization , common in compressive sensing , to enhance the detection of sparsity via a diffusive process over the network . the resulting algorithms endow networks with learning abilities and allow them to learn the sparse structure from the incoming data i ←
→ rl $^ 2 $: fast reinforcement learning via slow reinforcement learning ; deep reinforcement learning ( deep rl ) has been successful in learning sophisticated behaviors automatically ; however , the learning process requires a huge number of trials . in contrast , animals can learn new tasks in just a few trials , benefiting from their prior knowledge about the world . this paper seeks to bridge this gap . rather than designing a " fast " reinforcement learning algorithm , we propose to represent it as a recurrent neural ←
→ text modeling using unsupervised topic models and concept hierarchies ; statistical topic models provide a general data - driven framework for automated discovery of high - level knowledge from large collections of text documents . while topic models can potentially discover a broad range of themes in a data set , the interpretability of the learned topics is not always ideal . human - defined concepts , on the other hand , tend to be semantically richer due to careful selection of words to define concepts but they te ←
→ reproducing kernel banach spaces with the l1 norm ; targeting at sparse learning , we construct banach spaces b of functions on an input space x with the properties that ( 1 ) b possesses an l1 norm in the sense that it is isometrically isomorphic to the banach space of integrable functions on x with respect to the counting measure ; ( 2 ) point evaluations are continuous linear functionals on b and are representable through a bilinear form with a kernel function ; ( 3 ) regularized learning schemes on b satisfy the ←
→ about learning in recurrent bistable gradient networks ; recurrent bistable gradient networks are attractor based neural networks characterized by bistable dynamics of each single neuron . coupled together using linear interaction determined by the interconnection weights , these networks do not suffer from spurious states or very limited capacity anymore . vladimir chinarov and michael menzinger , who invented these networks , trained them using hebb ' s learning rule . we show , that this way of computing the weig ←
→ 3d time - lapse reconstruction from internet photos ; given an internet photo collection of a landmark , we compute a 3d time - lapse video sequence where a virtual camera moves continuously in time and space . while previous work assumed a static camera , the addition of camera motion during the time - lapse creates a very compelling impression of parallax . achieving this goal , however , requires addressing multiple technical challenges , including solving for time - varying depth maps , regularizing 3d point color prof ←
→ deep learning applied to road traffic speed forecasting ; in this paper , we propose deep learning architectures ( fnn , cnn and lstm ) to forecast a regression model for time dependent data . these algorithm ' s are designed to handle floating car data ( fcd ) historic speeds to predict road traffic data . for this we aggregate the speeds into the network inputs in an innovative way . we compare the rmse thus obtained with the results of a simpler physical model , and show that the latter achieves better rmse accuracy ←
→ fairness in academic course timetabling ; we consider the problem of creating fair course timetables in the setting of a university . our motivation is to improve the overall satisfaction of individuals concerned ( students , teachers , etc .) by providing a fair timetable to them . the central idea is that undesirable arrangements in the course timetable , i . e ., violations of soft constraints , should be distributed in a fair way among the individuals . we propose two formulations for the fair course timetabling pr ←
→ apprentice : using knowledge distillation techniques to improve low - precision network accuracy ; deep learning networks have achieved state - of - the - art accuracies on computer vision workloads like image classification and object detection . the performant systems , however , typically involve big models with numerous parameters . once trained , a challenging aspect for such top performing models is deployment on resource constrained inference systems - the models ( often deep networks or wide networks or both ) ar ←
→ a different perspective on a scale for pairwise comparisons ; one of the major challenges for collective intelligence is inconsistency , which is unavoidable whenever subjective assessments are involved . pairwise comparisons allow one to represent such subjective assessments and to process them by analyzing , quantifying and identifying the inconsistencies . we propose using smaller scales for pairwise comparisons and provide mathematical and practical justifications for this change . our postulate ' s aim is t ←
→ comparative study of deep learning software frameworks ; deep learning methods have resulted in significant performance improvements in several application domains and as such several software frameworks have been developed to facilitate their implementation . this paper presents a comparative study of five deep learning frameworks , namely caffe , neon , tensorflow , theano , and torch , on three aspects : extensibility , hardware utilization , and speed . the study is performed on several types of deep learning arch ←
→ a new constructive method to optimize neural network architecture and generalization ; in this paper , after analyzing the reasons of poor generalization and overfitting in neural networks , we consider some noise data as a singular value of a continuous function - jump discontinuity point . the continuous part can be approximated with the simplest neural networks , which have good generalization performance and optimal network architecture , by traditional algorithms such as constructive algorithm for feed - fo ←
→ multiple target tracking based on sets of trajectories ; this paper proposes the set of target trajectories as the state variable for multiple target tracking . the main objective of multiple target tracking is to estimate an unknown number of target trajectories given a sequence of measurements . this quantity of interest is perfectly represented as a set of trajectories without the need of arbitrary parameters such as labels or ordering . we use finite - set statistics to pose this problem in the bayesian fram ←
→ fingerprint distortion rectification using deep convolutional neural networks ; elastic distortion of fingerprints has a negative effect on the performance of fingerprint recognition systems . this negative effect brings inconvenience to users in authentication applications . however , in the negative recognition scenario where users may intentionally distort their fingerprints , this can be a serious problem since distortion will prevent recognition system from identifying malicious users . current methods ai ←
→ panoramic robust pca for foreground - background separation on noisy , free - motion camera video ; this work presents a novel approach for robust pca with total variation regularization for foreground - background separation and denoising on noisy , moving camera video . our proposed algorithm registers the raw ( possibly corrupted ) frames of a video and then jointly processes the registered frames to produce a decomposition of the scene into a low - rank background component that captures the static components of t ←
→ caco : competitive ant colony optimization , a nature - inspired metaheuristic for large - scale global optimization ; large - scale problems are nonlinear problems that need metaheuristics , or global optimization algorithms . this paper reviews nature - inspired metaheuristics , then it introduces a framework named competitive ant colony optimization inspired by the chemical communications among insects . then a case study is presented to investigate the proposed framework for large - scale global optimization .←
→ session - based recommendations with recurrent neural networks ; we apply recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) on a new domain , namely recommender systems . real - life recommender systems often face the problem of having to base recommendations only on short session - based data ( e . g . a small sportsware website ) instead of long user histories ( as in the case of netflix ). in this situation the frequently praised matrix factorization approaches are not accurate . this problem is usually overcome in practice by resorting ←
→ a trans - disciplinary review of deep learning research for water resources scientists ; deep learning ( dl ), a new - generation artificial neural network research , has made profound strides in recent years . this review paper is intended to provide water resources scientists with a simple technical overview , trans - disciplinary progress update , and potentially inspirations about dl . effective architectures , more accessible data , advances in regularization , and new computing power enabled the success of dl . a tr ←
→ image resolution enhancement by using interpolation followed by iterative back projection ; in this paper , we propose a new super resolution technique based on the interpolation followed by registering them using iterative back projection ( ibp ). low resolution images are being interpolated and then the interpolated images are being registered in order to generate a sharper high resolution image . the proposed technique has been tested on lena , elaine , pepper , and baboon . the quantitative peak signal - to - noi ←
→ dynamic graph convolutional networks ; many different classification tasks need to manage structured data , which are usually modeled as graphs . moreover , these graphs can be dynamic , meaning that the vertices / edges of each graph may change during time . our goal is to jointly exploit structured data and temporal information through the use of a neural network model . to the best of our knowledge , this task has not been addressed using these kind of architectures . for this reason , we propose two novel approach ←
→ deep learning for automated quality assessment of color fundus images in diabetic retinopathy screening ; purpose to develop a computer based method for the automated assessment of image quality in the context of diabetic retinopathy ( dr ) to guide the photographer . methods a deep learning framework was trained to grade the images automatically . a large representative set of 7000 color fundus images were used for the experiment which were obtained from the eyepacs that were made available by the californ ←
→ interpretable machine learning models for the digital clock drawing test ; the clock drawing test ( cdt ) is a rapid , inexpensive , and popular neuropsychological screening tool for cognitive conditions . the digital clock drawing test ( dcdt ) uses novel software to analyze data from a digitizing ballpoint pen that reports its position with considerable spatial and temporal precision , making possible the analysis of both the drawing process and final product . we developed methodology to analyze pen stroke data f ←
→ a hash - based co - clustering algorithm for categorical data ; many real - life data are described by categorical attributes without a pre - classification . a common data mining method used to extract information from this type of data is clustering . this method group together the samples from the data that are more similar than all other samples . but , categorical data pose a challenge when extracting information because : the calculation of two objects similarity is usually done by measuring the number of common f ←
→ symmetries in lddmm with higher order momentum distributions ; in some implementations of the large deformation diffeomorphic metric mapping formulation for image registration we consider the motion of particles which locally translate image data . we then lift the motion of the particles to obtain a motion on the entire image . however , it is certainly possible to consider particles which do more than translate , and this is what will be described in this paper . as the unreduced lagrangian associated to epdif ←
→ atari games and intel processors ; the asynchronous nature of the state - of - the - art reinforcement learning algorithms such as the asynchronous advantage actor - critic algorithm , makes them exceptionally suitable for cpu computations . however , given the fact that deep reinforcement learning often deals with interpreting visual information , a large part of the train and inference time is spent performing convolutions . in this work we present our results on learning strategies in atari games using a convolutiona ←
→ systematic evaluation of cnn advances on the imagenet ; the paper systematically studies the impact of a range of recent advances in cnn architectures and learning methods on the object categorization ( ilsvrc ) problem . the evalution tests the influence of the following choices of the architecture : non - linearity ( relu , elu , maxout , compatibility with batch normalization ), pooling variants ( stochastic , max , average , mixed ), network width , classifier design ( convolutional , fully - connected , spp ), image pre - proc ←
→ a practically competitive and provably consistent algorithm for uplift modeling ; randomized experiments have been critical tools of decision making for decades . however , subjects can show significant heterogeneity in response to treatments in many important applications . therefore it is not enough to simply know which treatment is optimal for the entire population . what we need is a model that correctly customize treatment assignment base on subject characteristics . the problem of constructing such model ←
→ tracking using explanation - based modeling ; we study the tracking problem , namely , estimating the hidden state of an object over time , from unreliable and noisy measurements . the standard framework for the tracking problem is the generative framework , which is the basis of solutions such as the bayesian algorithm and its approximation , the particle filters . however , the problem with these solutions is that they are very sensitive to model mismatches . in this paper , motivated by online learning , we introduce ←
→ multi - task learning with gradient guided policy specialization ; we present a method for efficient learning of control policies for multiple related robotic motor skills . our approach consists of two stages , joint training and specialization training . during the joint training stage , a neural network policy is trained with minimal information to disambiguate the motor skills . this forces the policy to learn a common representation of the different tasks . then , during the specialization training stage we sel ←
→ a constraint - satisfaction parser for context - free grammars ; traditional language processing tools constrain language designers to specific kinds of grammars . in contrast , model - based language specification decouples language design from language processing . as a consequence , model - based language specification tools need general parsers able to parse unrestricted context - free grammars . as languages specified following this approach may be ambiguous , parsers must deal with ambiguities . model - based language s ←
→ supervised collective classification for crowdsourcing ; crowdsourcing utilizes the wisdom of crowds for collective classification via information ( e . g ., labels of an item ) provided by labelers . current crowdsourcing algorithms are mainly unsupervised methods that are unaware of the quality of crowdsourced data . in this paper , we propose a supervised collective classification algorithm that aims to identify reliable labelers from the training data ( e . g ., items with known labels ). the reliability ( i . e ., weig ←
→ examples of artificial perceptions in optical character recognition and iris recognition ; this paper assumes the hypothesis that human learning is perception based , and consequently , the learning process and perceptions should not be represented and investigated independently or modeled in different simulation spaces . in order to keep the analogy between the artificial and human learning , the former is assumed here as being based on the artificial perception . hence , instead of choosing to apply or develo ←
→ multimodal classification for analysing social media ; classification of social media data is an important approach in understanding user behavior on the web . although information on social media can be of different modalities such as texts , images , audio or videos , traditional approaches in classification usually leverage only one prominent modality . techniques that are able to leverage multiple modalities are often complex and susceptible to the absence of some modalities . in this paper , we present simple ←
→ approches d ' analyse distributionnelle pour améliorer la désambiguïsation sémantique ; word sense disambiguation ( wsd ) improves many natural language processing ( nlp ) applications such as information retrieval , machine translation or lexical simplification . wsd is the ability of determining a word sense among different ones within a polysemic lexical unit taking into account the context . the most straightforward approach uses a semantic proximity measure between the word sense candidates of the target word ←
→ lsbn : a large - scale bayesian structure learning framework for model averaging ; the motivation for this paper is to apply bayesian structure learning using model averaging in large - scale networks . currently , bayesian model averaging algorithm is applicable to networks with only tens of variables , restrained by its super - exponential complexity . we present a novel framework , called lsbn ( large - scale bayesian network ), making it possible to handle networks with infinite size by following the principle of divi ←
→ rational radial distortion models with analytical undistortion formulae ; the common approach to radial distortion is by the means of polynomial approximation , which introduces distortion - specific parameters into the camera model and requires estimation of these distortion parameters . the task of estimating radial distortion is to find a radial distortion model that allows easy undistortion as well as satisfactory accuracy . this paper presents a new class of rational radial distortion models with easy analy ←
→ api design for machine learning software : experiences from the scikit - learn project ; scikit - learn is an increasingly popular machine learning li - brary . written in python , it is designed to be simple and efficient , accessible to non - experts , and reusable in various contexts . in this paper , we present and discuss our design choices for the application programming interface ( api ) of the project . in particular , we describe the simple and elegant interface shared by all learning and processing units in the l ←
→ the relationship between knowledge , belief and certainty ; we consider the relation between knowledge and certainty , where a fact is known if it is true at all worlds an agent considers possible and is certain if it holds with probability 1 . we identify certainty with probabilistic belief . we show that if we assume one fixed probability assignment , then the logic kd45 , which has been identified as perhaps the most appropriate for belief , provides a complete axiomatization for reasoning about certainty . just ←
→ learning latent vector spaces for product search ; we introduce a novel latent vector space model that jointly learns the latent representations of words , e - commerce products and a mapping between the two without the need for explicit annotations . the power of the model lies in its ability to directly model the discriminative relation between products and a particular word . we compare our method to existing latent vector space models ( lsi , lda and word2vec ) and evaluate it as a feature in a learning to rank ←
→ reinforcement learning in a large scale photonic recurrent neural network ; photonic neural network implementations have been gaining considerable attention as a potentially disruptive future technology . demonstrating learning in large scale neural networks is essential to establish photonic machine learning substrates as viable information processing systems . realizing photonic neural networks with numerous nonlinear nodes in a fully parallel and efficient learning hardware was lacking so far . we demonst ←
→ estimating subagging by cross - validation ; in this article , we derive concentration inequalities for the cross - validation estimate of the generalization error for subagged estimators , both for classification and regressor . general loss functions and class of predictors with both finite and infinite vc - dimension are considered . we slightly generalize the formalism introduced by \ cite { dud03 } to cover a large variety of cross - validation procedures including leave - one - out cross - validation , $ k $- fold cross - valida ←
→ good semi - supervised learning that requires a bad gan ; semi - supervised learning methods based on generative adversarial networks ( gans ) obtained strong empirical results , but it is not clear 1 ) how the discriminator benefits from joint training with a generator , and 2 ) why good semi - supervised classification performance and a good generator cannot be obtained at the same time . theoretically , we show that given the discriminator objective , good semisupervised learning indeed requires a bad generator , and pr ←
→ an analysis of the methods employed for breast cancer diagnosis ; breast cancer research over the last decade has been tremendous . the ground breaking innovations and novel methods help in the early detection , in setting the stages of the therapy and in assessing the response of the patient to the treatment . the prediction of the recurrent cancer is also crucial for the survival of the patient . this paper studies various techniques used for the diagnosis of breast cancer . different methods are explored for ←
→ filtrated spectral algebraic subspace clustering ; algebraic subspace clustering ( asc ) is a simple and elegant method based on polynomial fitting and differentiation for clustering noiseless data drawn from an arbitrary union of subspaces . in practice , however , asc is limited to equi - dimensional subspaces because the estimation of the subspace dimension via algebraic methods is sensitive to noise . this paper proposes a new asc algorithm that can handle noisy data drawn from subspaces of arbitrary dimensions ←
→ evaluating the visualization of what a deep neural network has learned ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have demonstrated impressive performance in complex machine learning tasks such as image classification or speech recognition . however , due to their multi - layer nonlinear structure , they are not transparent , i . e ., it is hard to grasp what makes them arrive at a particular classification or recognition decision given a new unseen data sample . recently , several approaches have been proposed enabling one to und ←
→ sar image despeckling through convolutional neural networks ; in this paper we investigate the use of discriminative model learning through convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for sar image despeckling . the network uses a residual learning strategy , hence it does not recover the filtered image , but the speckle component , which is then subtracted from the noisy one . training is carried out by considering a large multitemporal sar image and its multilook version , in order to approximate a clean image . experi ←
→ knowledge base relation detection via multi - view matching ; relation detection is a core component for knowledge base question answering ( kbqa ). in this paper , we propose a kb relation detection model via multi - view matching which utilizes more useful information extracted from question and kb . the matching inside each view is through multiple perspectives to compare two input texts thoroughly . all these components are designed in an end - to - end trainable neural network model . experiments on simplequestions ←
→ online semi - supervised learning on quantized graphs ; in this paper , we tackle the problem of online semi - supervised learning ( ssl ). when data arrive in a stream , the dual problems of computation and data storage arise for any ssl method . we propose a fast approximate online ssl algorithm that solves for the harmonic solution on an approximate graph . we show , both empirically and theoretically , that good behavior can be achieved by collapsing nearby points into a set of local " representative points " that mi ←
→ video captioning with transferred semantic attributes ; automatically generating natural language descriptions of videos plays a fundamental challenge for computer vision community . most recent progress in this problem has been achieved through employing 2 - d and / or 3 - d convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) to encode video content and recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) to decode a sentence . in this paper , we present long short - term memory with transferred semantic attributes ( lstm - tsa )--- a novel deep architecture ←
→ from knowledge - based to data - driven modeling of fuzzy rule - based systems : a critical reflection ; this paper briefly elaborates on a development in ( applied ) fuzzy logic that has taken place in the last couple of decades , namely , the complementation or even replacement of the traditional knowledge - based approach to fuzzy rule - based systems design by a data - driven one . it is argued that the classical rule - based modeling paradigm is actually more amenable to the knowledge - based approach , for which it has or ←
→ multiscale inverse reinforcement learning using diffusion wavelets ; this work presents a multiscale framework to solve an inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) problem for continuous - time / state stochastic systems . we take advantage of a diffusion wavelet representation of the associated markov chain to abstract the state space . this not only allows for effectively handling the large ( and geometrically complex ) decision space but also provides more interpretable representations of the demonstrated state traj ←
→ annotated revision programs ; revision programming is a formalism to describe and enforce updates of belief sets and databases . that formalism was extended by fitting who assigned annotations to revision atoms . annotations provide a way to quantify the confidence ( probability ) that a revision atom holds . the main goal of our paper is to reexamine the work of fitting , argue that his semantics does not always provide results consistent with intuition , and to propose an alternative treatment of annotated revis ←
→ aco for continuous function optimization : a performance analysis ; the performance of the meta - heuristic algorithms often depends on their parameter settings . appropriate tuning of the underlying parameters can drastically improve the performance of a meta - heuristic . the ant colony optimization ( aco ), a population based meta - heuristic algorithm inspired by the foraging behavior of the ants , is no different . fundamentally , the aco depends on the construction of new solutions , variable by variable basis using ←
→ learning mixtures of multi - output regression models by correlation clustering for multi - view data ; in many datasets , different parts of the data may have their own patterns of correlation , a structure that can be modeled as a mixture of local linear correlation models . the task of finding these mixtures is known as correlation clustering . in this work , we propose a linear correlation clustering method for datasets whose features are pre - divided into two views . the method , called canonical least squares (←
→ an ensemble diversity approach to supervised binary hashing ; binary hashing is a well - known approach for fast approximate nearest - neighbor search in information retrieval . much work has focused on affinity - based objective functions involving the hash functions or binary codes . these objective functions encode neighborhood information between data points and are often inspired by manifold learning algorithms . they ensure that the hash functions differ from each other through constraints or penalty terms tha ←
→ experimental design for non - parametric correction of misspecified dynamical models ; we consider a class of misspecified dynamical models where the governing term is only approximately known . under the assumption that observations of the system ' s evolution are accessible for various initial conditions , our goal is to infer a non - parametric correction to the misspecified driving term such as to faithfully represent the system dynamics and devise system evolution predictions for unobserved initial condition ←
→ automatic recognition of coal and gangue based on convolution neural network ; we designed a gangue sorting system , and built a convolutional neural network model based on alexnet . data enhancement and transfer learning are used to solve the problem which the convolution neural network has insufficient training data in the training stage . an object detection and region clipping algorithm is proposed to adjust the training image data to the optimum size . compared with traditional neural network and svm algo ←
→ sampling superquadric point clouds with normals ; superquadrics provide a compact representation of common shapes and have been used both for object / surface modelling in computer graphics and as object - part representation in computer vision and robotics . superquadrics refer to a family of shapes : here we deal with the superellipsoids and superparaboloids . due to the strong non - linearities involved in the equations , uniform or close - to - uniform sampling is not attainable through a naive approach of direct sam ←
→ sentence ordering and coherence modeling using recurrent neural networks ; modeling the structure of coherent texts is a key nlp problem . the task of coherently organizing a given set of sentences has been commonly used to build and evaluate models that understand such structure . we propose an end - to - end unsupervised deep learning approach based on the set - to - sequence framework to address this problem . our model strongly outperforms prior methods in the order discrimination task and a novel task of ordering ←
→ learning from multiple sources for video summarisation ; many visual surveillance tasks , e . g . video summarisation , is conventionally accomplished through analysing imagerybased features . relying solely on visual cues for public surveillance video understanding is unreliable , since visual observations obtained from public space cctv video data are often not sufficiently trustworthy and events of interest can be subtle . on the other hand , non - visual data sources such as weather reports and traffic sensory sign ←
→ a case study on english - malayalam machine translation ; in this paper we present our work on a case study on statistical machine translation ( smt ) and rule based machine translation ( rbmt ) for translation from english to malayalam and malayalam to english . one of the motivations of our study is to make a three way performance comparison , such as , a ) smt and rbmt b ) english to malayalam smt and malayalam to english smt c ) english to malayalam rbmt and malayalam to english rbmt . we describe the development of ←
→ you are how you walk : uncooperative mocap gait identification for video surveillance with incomplete and noisy data ; this work offers a design of a video surveillance system based on a soft biometric -- gait identification from mocap data . the main focus is on two substantial issues of the video surveillance scenario : ( 1 ) the walkers do not cooperate in providing learning data to establish their identities and ( 2 ) the data are often noisy or incomplete . we show that only a few examples of human gait cycl ←
→ sparsity constrained graph regularized nmf for spectral unmixing of hyperspectral data ; hyperspectral images contain mixed pixels due to low spatial resolution of hyperspectral sensors . mixed pixels are pixels containing more than one distinct material called endmembers . the presence percentages of endmembers in mixed pixels are called abundance fractions . spectral unmixing problem refers to decomposing these pixels into a set of endmembers and abundance fractions . due to nonnegativity constraint on abun ←
→ learning of proto - object representations via fixations on low resolution ; while previous researches in eye fixation prediction typically rely on integrating low - level features ( e . g . color , edge ) to form a saliency map , recently it has been found that the structural organization of these features into a proto - object representation can play a more significant role . in this work , we present a computational framework based on deep network to demonstrate that proto - object representations can be learned from low ←
→ highly automated learning for improved active safety of vulnerable road users ; highly automated driving requires precise models of traffic participants . many state of the art models are currently based on machine learning techniques . among others , the required amount of labeled data is one major challenge . an autonomous learning process addressing this problem is proposed . the initial models are iteratively refined in three steps : ( 1 ) detection and context identification , ( 2 ) novelty detection and active ←
→ algorithmic connections between active learning and stochastic convex optimization ; interesting theoretical associations have been established by recent papers between the fields of active learning and stochastic convex optimization due to the common role of feedback in sequential querying mechanisms . in this paper , we continue this thread in two parts by exploiting these relations for the first time to yield novel algorithms in both fields , further motivating the study of their intersection . first , insp ←
→ a unified approach to adaptive regularization in online and stochastic optimization ; we describe a framework for deriving and analyzing online optimization algorithms that incorporate adaptive , data - dependent regularization , also termed preconditioning . such algorithms have been proven useful in stochastic optimization by reshaping the gradients according to the geometry of the data . our framework captures and unifies much of the existing literature on adaptive online methods , including the adagrad and o ←
→ krism --- krylov subspace - based optical computing of hyperspectral images ; low - rank modeling of hyperspectral images has found extensive use in numerous inference tasks . in this paper , we present an adaptive imaging technique that optically computes a low - rank representation of the scene ' s hyperspectral image . we make significant contributions towards simultaneously highly resolvable spectral and spatial measurements by introducing pupil coding . the proposed imager , krism , provides optical implementation ←
→ comprehension - guided referring expressions ; we consider generation and comprehension of natural language referring expression for objects in an image . unlike generic " image captioning " which lacks natural standard evaluation criteria , quality of a referring expression may be measured by the receiver ' s ability to correctly infer which object is being described . following this intuition , we propose two approaches to utilize models trained for comprehension task to generate better expressions . first , we use a ←
→ evidence with uncertain likelihoods ; an agent often has a number of hypotheses , and must choose among them based on observations , or outcomes of experiments . each of these observations can be viewed as providing evidence for or against various hypotheses . all the attempts to formalize this intuition up to now have assumed that associated with each hypothesis h there is a likelihood function {\ mu } h , which is a probability measure that intuitively describes how likely each observation is , conditional on h be ←
→ taming adversarial domain transfer with structural constraints for image enhancement ; the goal of this work is to improve images of traffic scenes that are degraded by natural causes such as fog , rain and limited visibility during the night . for these applications , it is next to impossible to get pixel perfect pairs of the same scene , with and without the degrading conditions . this makes it unsuitable for conventional supervised learning approaches , however , it is easy to collect a dataset of unpaired im ←
→ robust saliency detection via fusing foreground and background priors ; automatic salient object detection has received tremendous attention from research community and has been an increasingly important tool in many computer vision tasks . this paper proposes a novel bottom - up salient object detection framework which considers both foreground and background cues . first , a series of background and foreground seeds are selected from an image reliably , and then used for calculation of saliency map separately . ←
→ on tsallis entropy bias and generalized maximum entropy models ; in density estimation task , maximum entropy model ( maxent ) can effectively use reliable prior information via certain constraints , i . e ., linear constraints without empirical parameters . however , reliable prior information is often insufficient , and the selection of uncertain constraints becomes necessary but poses considerable implementation complexity . improper setting of uncertain constraints can result in overfitting or underfitting . to sol ←
→ riemannian manifold kernel for persistence diagrams ; algebraic topology methods have recently played an important role for statistical analysis with complicated geometric structured data . among them , persistent homology is a well - known tool to extract robust topological features , and outputs as persistence diagrams . unfortunately , persistence diagrams are point multi - sets which can not be used in machine learning algorithms for vector data . to deal with it , an emerged approach is to use kernel methods . bes ←
→ a graph theoretic approach for object shape representation in compositional hierarchies using a hybrid generative - descriptive model ; a graph theoretic approach is proposed for object shape representation in a hierarchical compositional architecture called compositional hierarchy of parts ( chop ). in the proposed approach , vocabulary learning is performed using a hybrid generative - descriptive model . first , statistical relationships between parts are learned using a minimum conditional entropy clustering al ←
→ tracking deformable parts via dynamic conditional random fields ; despite the success of many advanced tracking methods in this area , tracking targets with drastic variation of appearance such as deformation , view change and partial occlusion in video sequences is still a challenge in practical applications . in this letter , we take these serious tracking problems into account simultaneously , proposing a dynamic graph based model to track object and its deformable parts at multiple resolutions . the method in ←
→ learning anonymized representations with adversarial neural networks ; statistical methods protecting sensitive information or the identity of the data owner have become critical to ensure privacy of individuals as well as of organizations . this paper investigates anonymization methods based on representation learning and deep neural networks , and motivated by novel information theoretical bounds . we introduce a novel training objective for simultaneously training a predictor over target variables of intere ←
→ doing better than uct : rational monte carlo sampling in trees ; uct , a state - of - the art algorithm for monte carlo tree sampling ( mcts ), is based on ucb , a sampling policy for the multi - armed bandit problem ( mab ) that minimizes the accumulated regret . however , mcts differs from mab in that only the final choice , rather than all arm pulls , brings a reward , that is , the simple regret , as opposite to the cumulative regret , must be minimized . this ongoing work aims at applying meta - reasoning techniques to mcts , ←
→ language design and renormalization ; here we consider some well - known facts in syntax from a physics perspective , which allows us to establish some remarkable equivalences . specifically , we observe that the operation merge put forward by n . chomsky in 1995 can be interpreted as a physical information coarse - graining . thus , merge in linguistics entails information renormalization in physics , according to different time scales . we make this point mathematically formal in terms of language models , i . e ., proba ←
→ type - theoretical natural language semantics : on the system f for meaning assembly ; this paper presents and extends our type theoretical framework for a compositional treatment of natural language semantics with some lexical features like coercions ( e . g . of a town into a football club ) and copredication ( e . g . on a town as a set of people and as a location ). the second order typed lambda calculus was shown to be a good framework , and here we discuss how to introduced predefined types and coercive subtyping ←
→ sequence to sequence -- video to text ; real - world videos often have complex dynamics ; and methods for generating open - domain video descriptions should be sensitive to temporal structure and allow both input ( sequence of frames ) and output ( sequence of words ) of variable length . to approach this problem , we propose a novel end - to - end sequence - to - sequence model to generate captions for videos . for this we exploit recurrent neural networks , specifically lstms , which have demonstrated state - of - the - art performa ←
→ scene learning , recognition and similarity detection in a fuzzy ontology via human examples ; this paper introduces a fuzzy logic framework for scene learning , recognition and similarity detection , where scenes are taught via human examples . the framework allows a robot to : ( i ) deal with the intrinsic vagueness associated with determining spatial relations among objects ; ( ii ) infer similarities and dissimilarities in a set of scenes , and represent them in a hierarchical structure represented in a fuzzy on ←
→ some epistemological problems with the knowledge level in cognitive architectures ; this article addresses an open problem in the area of cognitive systems and architectures : namely the problem of handling ( in terms of processing and reasoning capabilities ) complex knowledge structures that can be at least plausibly comparable , both in terms of size and of typology of the encoded information , to the knowledge that humans process daily for executing everyday activities . handling a huge amount of knowledge ,←
→ anatomical labeling of brain ct scan anomalies using multi - context nearest neighbor relation networks ; this work is an endeavor to develop a deep learning methodology for automated anatomical labeling of a given region of interest ( roi ) in brain computed tomography ( ct ) scans . we combine both local and global context to obtain a representation of the roi . we then use relation networks ( rns ) to predict the corresponding anatomy of the roi based on its relationship score for each class . further , we propose ←
→ multi - task convolutional neural network for pose - invariant face recognition ; this paper explores multi - task learning ( mtl ) for face recognition . we answer the questions of how and why mtl can improve the face recognition performance . first , we propose a multi - task convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for face recognition where identity classification is the main task and pose , illumination , and expression estimations are the side tasks . second , we develop a dynamic - weighting scheme to automatically assign ←
→ perforatedcnns : acceleration through elimination of redundant convolutions ; we propose a novel approach to reduce the computational cost of evaluation of convolutional neural networks , a factor that has hindered their deployment in low - power devices such as mobile phones . inspired by the loop perforation technique from source code optimization , we speed up the bottleneck convolutional layers by skipping their evaluation in some of the spatial positions . we propose and analyze several strategies of choosi ←
→ convergence of langevin mcmc in kl - divergence ; langevin diffusion is a commonly used tool for sampling from a given distribution . in this work , we establish that when the target density $ p ^*$ is such that $\ log p ^*$ is $ l $ smooth and $ m $ strongly convex , discrete langevin diffusion produces a distribution $ p $ with $ kl ( p || p ^*)\ leq \ epsilon $ in $\ tilde { o }(\ frac { d }{\ epsilon })$ steps , where $ d $ is the dimension of the sample space . we also study the convergence rate when the strong - convexity assumption is abse ←
→ zero - shot learning to manage a large number of place - specific compressive change classifiers ; with recent progress in large - scale map maintenance and long - term map learning , the task of change detection on a large - scale map from a visual image captured by a mobile robot has become a problem of increasing criticality . previous approaches for change detection are typically based on image differencing and require the memorization of a prohibitively large number of mapped images in the above context . in cont ←
→ monte carlo search algorithm discovery for one player games ; much current research in ai and games is being devoted to monte carlo search ( mcs ) algorithms . while the quest for a single unified mcs algorithm that would perform well on all problems is of major interest for ai , practitioners often know in advance the problem they want to solve , and spend plenty of time exploiting this knowledge to customize their mcs algorithm in a problem - driven way . we propose an mcs algorithm discovery scheme to perform th ←
→ on ranking senators by their votes ; the problem of ranking a set of objects given some measure of similarity is one of the most basic in machine learning . recently agarwal proposed a method based on techniques in semi - supervised learning utilizing the graph laplacian . in this work we consider a novel application of this technique to ranking binary choice data and apply it specifically to ranking us senators by their ideology .←
→ encoding markov logic networks in possibilistic logic ; markov logic uses weighted formulas to compactly encode a probability distribution over possible worlds . despite the use of logical formulas , markov logic networks ( mlns ) can be difficult to interpret , due to the often counter - intuitive meaning of their weights . to address this issue , we propose a method to construct a possibilistic logic theory that exactly captures what can be derived from a given mln using maximum a posteriori ( map ) inference . unfor ←
→ a simple yet effective baseline for 3d human pose estimation ; following the success of deep convolutional networks , state - of - the - art methods for 3d human pose estimation have focused on deep end - to - end systems that predict 3d joint locations given raw image pixels . despite their excellent performance , it is often not easy to understand whether their remaining error stems from a limited 2d pose ( visual ) understanding , or from a failure to map 2d poses into 3 - dimensional positions . with the goal of understan ←
→ on some properties of calibrated trifocal tensors ; in two - view geometry , the essential matrix describes the relative position and orientation of two calibrated images . in three views , a similar role is assigned to the calibrated trifocal tensor . it is a particular case of the ( uncalibrated ) trifocal tensor and thus it inherits all its properties but , due to the smaller degrees of freedom , satisfies a number of additional algebraic constraints . some of them are described in this paper . more specifically , we ←
→ an improved objective evaluation measure for border detection in dermoscopy images ; background : dermoscopy is one of the major imaging modalities used in the diagnosis of melanoma and other pigmented skin lesions . due to the difficulty and subjectivity of human interpretation , dermoscopy image analysis has become an important research area . one of the most important steps in dermoscopy image analysis is the automated detection of lesion borders . although numerous methods have been developed for the detec ←
→ collective argumentation ; an extension of an abstract argumentation framework , called collective argumentation , is introduced in which the attack relation is defined directly among sets of arguments . the extension turns out to be suitable , in particular , for representing semantics of disjunctive logic programs . two special kinds of collective argumentation are considered in which the opponents can share their arguments .←
→ complexity of scheduling charging in the smart grid ; in the smart grid , the intent is to use flexibility in demand , both to balance demand and supply as well as to resolve potential congestion . a first prominent example of such flexible demand is the charging of electric vehicles , which do not necessarily need to be charged as soon as they are plugged in . the problem of optimally scheduling the charging demand of electric vehicles within the constraints of the electricity infrastructure is called the charg ←
→ superpoint : self - supervised interest point detection and description ; this paper presents a self - supervised framework for training interest point detectors and descriptors suitable for a large number of multiple - view geometry problems in computer vision . as opposed to patch - based neural networks , our fully - convolutional model operates on full - sized images and jointly computes pixel - level interest point locations and associated descriptors in one forward pass . we introduce homographic adaptation , a multi - sc ←
→ online trajectory segmentation and summary with applications to visualization and retrieval ; trajectory segmentation is the process of subdividing a trajectory into parts either by grouping points similar with respect to some measure of interest , or by minimizing a global objective function . here we present a novel online algorithm for segmentation and summary , based on point density along the trajectory , and based on the nature of the naturally occurring structure of intermittent bouts of locomotive and ←
→ highly accurate prediction of jobs runtime classes ; separating the short jobs from the long is a known technique to improve scheduling performance . in this paper we describe a method we developed for accurately predicting the runtimes classes of the jobs to enable this separation . our method uses the fact that the runtimes can be represented as a mixture of overlapping gaussian distributions , in order to train a cart classifier to provide the prediction . the threshold that separates the short jobs from the ←
→ evolving game skill - depth using general video game ai agents ; most games have , or can be generalised to have , a number of parameters that may be varied in order to provide instances of games that lead to very different player experiences . the space of possible parameter settings can be seen as a search space , and we can therefore use a random mutation hill climbing algorithm or other search methods to find the parameter settings that induce the best games . one of the hardest parts of this approach is defin ←
→ robust and scalable column / row sampling from corrupted big data ; conventional sampling techniques fall short of drawing descriptive sketches of the data when the data is grossly corrupted as such corruptions break the low rank structure required for them to perform satisfactorily . in this paper , we present new sampling algorithms which can locate the informative columns in presence of severe data corruptions . in addition , we develop new scalable randomized designs of the proposed algorithms . the proposed a ←
→ searnn : training rnns with global - local losses ; we propose searnn , a novel training algorithm for recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) inspired by the " learning to search " ( l2s ) approach to structured prediction . rnns have been widely successful in structured prediction applications such as machine translation or parsing , and are commonly trained using maximum likelihood estimation ( mle ). unfortunately , this training loss is not always an appropriate surrogate for the test error : by only maximizing the ground ←
→ understanding the effective receptive field in deep convolutional neural networks ; we study characteristics of receptive fields of units in deep convolutional networks . the receptive field size is a crucial issue in many visual tasks , as the output must respond to large enough areas in the image to capture information about large objects . we introduce the notion of an effective receptive field , and show that it both has a gaussian distribution and only occupies a fraction of the full theoretical receptiv ←
→ overview of the nlpcc 2017 shared task : chinese news headline categorization ; in this paper , we give an overview for the shared task at the ccf conference on natural language processing \& chinese computing ( nlpcc 2017 ): chinese news headline categorization . the dataset of this shared task consists 18 classes , 12 , 000 short texts along with corresponded labels for each class . the dataset and example code can be accessed at https :// github . com / fudannlp / nlpcc2017_news_headline_categorization .←
→ robust facial landmark detection under significant head poses and occlusion ; there have been tremendous improvements for facial landmark detection on general " in - the - wild " images . however , it is still challenging to detect the facial landmarks on images with severe occlusion and images with large head poses ( e . g . profile face ). in fact , the existing algorithms usually can only handle one of them . in this work , we propose a unified robust cascade regression framework that can handle both images with sever ←
→ the sum - product theorem : a foundation for learning tractable models ; inference in expressive probabilistic models is generally intractable , which makes them difficult to learn and limits their applicability . sum - product networks are a class of deep models where , surprisingly , inference remains tractable even when an arbitrary number of hidden layers are present . in this paper , we generalize this result to a much broader set of learning problems : all those where inference consists of summing a function over ←
→ single image super - resolution via a lightweight residual convolutional neural network ; recent years have witnessed great success of convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for various problems both in low and high level visions . especially noteworthy is the residual network which was originally proposed to handle high - level vision problems and enjoys several merits . this paper aims to extend the merits of residual network , such as skip connection induced fast training , for a typical low - level vision problem , ←
→ non - central catadioptric cameras pose estimation using 3d lines ; in this article we purpose a novel method for planar pose estimation of mobile robots . this method is based on an analytic solution ( which we derived ) for the projection of 3d straight lines , onto the mirror of non - central catadioptric cameras ( nccs ). the resulting solution is rewritten as a function of the rotation and translation parameters , which is then used as an error function for a set of mirror points . those should be the result of th ←
→ conditional plausibility measures and bayesian networks ; a general notion of algebraic conditional plausibility measures is defined . probability measures , ranking functions , possibility measures , and ( under the appropriate definitions ) sets of probability measures can all be viewed as defining algebraic conditional plausibility measures . it is shown that the technology of bayesian networks can be applied to algebraic conditional plausibility measures .←
→ joint graph decomposition and node labeling : problem , algorithms , applications ; we state a combinatorial optimization problem whose feasible solutions define both a decomposition and a node labeling of a given graph . this problem offers a common mathematical abstraction of seemingly unrelated computer vision tasks , including instance - separating semantic segmentation , articulated human body pose estimation and multiple object tracking . conceptually , the problem we state generalizes the unconstrained integ ←
→ deep class - wise hashing : semantics - preserving hashing via class - wise loss ; deep supervised hashing has emerged as an influential solution to large - scale semantic image retrieval problems in computer vision . in the light of recent progress , convolutional neural network based hashing methods typically seek pair - wise or triplet labels to conduct the similarity preserving learning . however , complex semantic concepts of visual contents are hard to capture by similar / dissimilar labels , which limits the retriev ←
→ rich feature hierarchies for accurate object detection and semantic segmentation ; object detection performance , as measured on the canonical pascal voc dataset , has plateaued in the last few years . the best - performing methods are complex ensemble systems that typically combine multiple low - level image features with high - level context . in this paper , we propose a simple and scalable detection algorithm that improves mean average precision ( map ) by more than 30 % relative to the previous best result on voc ←
→ using qualia information to identify lexical semantic classes in an unsupervised clustering task ; acquiring lexical information is a complex problem , typically approached by relying on a number of contexts to contribute information for classification . one of the first issues to address in this domain is the determination of such contexts . the work presented here proposes the use of automatically obtained formal role descriptors as features used to draw nouns from the same lexical semantic class together ←
→ learning aerial image segmentation from online maps ; this study deals with semantic segmentation of high - resolution ( aerial ) images where a semantic class label is assigned to each pixel via supervised classification as a basis for automatic map generation . recently , deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have shown impressive performance and have quickly become the de - facto standard for semantic segmentation , with the added benefit that task - specific feature design is no longer necessary . however , a ma ←
→ application of the second - order statistics for estimation of the pure spectra of individual components from the visible hyperspectral images of their mixture ; the second - order statistics ( sos ) can be applied in estimation of the pure spectra of chemical components from the spectrum of their mixture , when sos seems to be good at estimation of spectral patterns , but their peak directions are opposite in some cases . in this paper , one method for judgment of the peak direction of the pure spectra was propo ←
→ co - regularized deep representations for video summarization ; compact keyframe - based video summaries are a popular way of generating viewership on video sharing platforms . yet , creating relevant and compelling summaries for arbitrarily long videos with a small number of keyframes is a challenging task . we propose a comprehensive keyframe - based summarization framework combining deep convolutional neural networks and restricted boltzmann machines . an original co - regularization scheme is used to discover meani ←
→ a computational model of affects ; this article provides a simple logical structure , in which affective concepts ( i . e . concepts related to emotions and feelings ) can be defined . the set of affects defined is similar to the set of emotions covered in the occ model ( ortony a ., collins a ., and clore g . l .: the cognitive structure of emotions . cambridge university press , 1988 ), but the model presented in this article is fully computationally defined .←
→ certainty closure : reliable constraint reasoning with incomplete or erroneous data ; constraint programming ( cp ) has proved an effective paradigm to model and solve difficult combinatorial satisfaction and optimisation problems from disparate domains . many such problems arising from the commercial world are permeated by data uncertainty . existing cp approaches that accommodate uncertainty are less suited to uncertainty arising due to incomplete and erroneous data , because they do not build reliable models ←
→ a real - time novelty detector for a mobile robot ; recognising new or unusual features of an environment is an ability which is potentially very useful to a robot . this paper demonstrates an algorithm which achieves this task by learning an internal representation of ` normality ' from sonar scans taken as a robot explores the environment . this model of the environment is used to evaluate the novelty of each sonar scan presented to it with relation to the model . stimuli which have not been seen before , and the ←
→ a hybrid , pde - ode control strategy for intercepting an intelligent , well - informed target in a stationary , cluttered environment ; in [ 1 , 2 ] a new class of intelligent controllers that can semantically embed an agent in a spatial context constraining its behavior in a goal - oriented manner was suggested . a controller of such a class can guide an agent in a stationary unknown environment to a fixed target zone along an obstacle - free trajectory . here , an extension is suggested that would enable the interceptio ←
→ automatic vehicle tracking and recognition from aerial image sequences ; this paper addresses the problem of automated vehicle tracking and recognition from aerial image sequences . motivated by its successes in the existing literature focus on the use of linear appearance subspaces to describe multi - view object appearance and highlight the challenges involved in their application as a part of a practical system . a working solution which includes steps for data extraction and normalization is described . in e ←
→ computational representation of linguistic structures using domain - specific languages ; we describe a modular system for generating sentences from formal definitions of underlying linguistic structures using domain - specific languages . the system uses java in general , prolog for lexical entries and custom domain - specific languages based on functional grammar and functional discourse grammar notation , implemented using the antlr parser generator . we show how linguistic and technological parts can be brought ←
→ thermostat - assisted continuous - tempered hamiltonian monte carlo for multimodal posterior sampling ; in this paper , we propose a new sampling method named as the thermostat - assisted continuous - tempered hamiltonian monte carlo for multimodal posterior sampling on large datasets . it simulates a noisy system , which is augmented by a coupling tempering variable as well as a set of nos \' e - hoover thermostats . this augmentation is devised to address two main issues of concern : the first is to effectively generate ←
→ free energy minimization using the 2 - d cluster variation method : initial code verification and validation ; a new approach for general artificial intelligence ( gai ), building on neural network deep learning architectures , can make use of one or more hidden layers that have the ability to continuously reach a free energy minimum even after input stimulus is removed , allowing for a variety of possible behaviors . one reason that this approach has not been developed until now has been the lack of a suitable f ←
→ model selection through sparse maximum likelihood estimation ; we consider the problem of estimating the parameters of a gaussian or binary distribution in such a way that the resulting undirected graphical model is sparse . our approach is to solve a maximum likelihood problem with an added l_1 - norm penalty term . the problem as formulated is convex but the memory requirements and complexity of existing interior point methods are prohibitive for problems with more than tens of nodes . we present two new algor ←
→ incorporating expressive graphical models in variational approximations : chain - graphs and hidden variables ; global variational approximation methods in graphical models allow efficient approximate inference of complex posterior distributions by using a simpler model . the choice of the approximating model determines a tradeoff between the complexity of the approximation procedure and the quality of the approximation . in this paper , we consider variational approximations based on two classes of models that ←
→ recurrent neural networks for multivariate time series with missing values ; multivariate time series data in practical applications , such as health care , geoscience , and biology , are characterized by a variety of missing values . in time series prediction and other related tasks , it has been noted that missing values and their missing patterns are often correlated with the target labels , a . k . a ., informative missingness . there is very limited work on exploiting the missing patterns for effective imputation ←
→ object tracking based on quantum particle swarm optimization ; in computer vision domain , moving object tracking considered as one of the toughest problem . as there so many factors associated like illumination of light , noise , occlusion , sudden start and stop of moving object , shading which makes tracking even harder problem not only for dynamic background but also for static background . in this paper we present a new object tracking algorithm based on dominant points on tracked object using quantum particle ←
→ learning adversary - resistant deep neural networks ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have proven to be quite effective in a vast array of machine learning tasks , with recent examples in cyber security and autonomous vehicles . despite the superior performance of dnns in these applications , it has been recently shown that these models are susceptible to a particular type of attack that exploits a fundamental flaw in their design . this attack consists of generating particular synthetic examples referred to as adver ←
→ optimally fuzzy temporal memory ; any learner with the ability to predict the future of a structured time - varying signal must maintain a memory of the recent past . if the signal has a characteristic timescale relevant to future prediction , the memory can be a simple shift register --- a moving window extending into the past , requiring storage resources that linearly grows with the timescale to be represented . however , an independent general purpose learner cannot a priori know the characteristic prediction - re ←
→ planecell : representing the 3d space with planes ; reconstruction based on the stereo camera has received considerable attention recently , but two particular challenges still remain . the first concerns the need to aggregate similar pixels in an effective approach , and the second is to maintain as much of the available information as possible while ensuring sufficient accuracy . to overcome these issues , we propose a new 3d representation method , namely , planecell , that extracts planarity from the depth - assis ←
→ fuzzy answer set computation via satisfiability modulo theories ; fuzzy answer set programming ( fasp ) combines two declarative frameworks , answer set programming and fuzzy logic , in order to model reasoning by default over imprecise information . several connectives are available to combine different expressions ; in particular the \ godel and \ luka fuzzy connectives are usually considered , due to their properties . although the \ godel conjunction can be easily eliminated from rule heads , we show through comple ←
→ algebraic - combinatorial methods for low - rank matrix completion with application to athletic performance prediction ; this paper presents novel algorithms which exploit the intrinsic algebraic and combinatorial structure of the matrix completion task for estimating missing en - tries in the general low rank setting . for positive data , we achieve results out - performing the state of the art nuclear norm , both in accuracy and computational efficiency , in simulations and in the task of predicting athletic perf ←
→ bayesian joint matrix decomposition for data integration with heterogeneous noise ; matrix decomposition is a popular and fundamental approach in machine learning and data mining . it has been successfully applied into various fields . most matrix decomposition methods focus on decomposing a data matrix from one single source . however , it is common that data are from different sources with heterogeneous noise . a few of matrix decomposition methods have been extended for such multi - view data integration and ←
→ matrix completion with noisy entries and outliers ; this paper considers the problem of matrix completion when the observed entries are noisy and contain outliers . it begins with introducing a new optimization criterion for which the recovered matrix is defined as its solution . this criterion uses the celebrated huber function from the robust statistics literature to downweigh the effects of outliers . a practical algorithm is developed to solve the optimization involved . this algorithm is fast , straightforw ←
→ making deep neural networks robust to label noise : a loss correction approach ; we present a theoretically grounded approach to train deep neural networks , including recurrent networks , subject to class - dependent label noise . we propose two procedures for loss correction that are agnostic to both application domain and network architecture . they simply amount to at most a matrix inversion and multiplication , provided that we know the probability of each class being corrupted into another . we further show ←
→ on relaxing determinism in arithmetic circuits ; the past decade has seen a significant interest in learning tractable probabilistic representations . arithmetic circuits ( acs ) were among the first proposed tractable representations , with some subsequent representations being instances of acs with weaker or stronger properties . in this paper , we provide a formal basis under which variants on acs can be compared , and where the precise roles and semantics of their various properties can be made more transparen ←
→ parameter selection in particle swarm optimization for transportation network design problem ; in transportation planning and development , transport network design problem seeks to optimize specific objectives ( e . g . total travel time ) through choosing among a given set of projects while keeping consumption of resources ( e . g . budget ) within their limits . due to the numerous cases of choosing projects , solving such a problem is very difficult and time - consuming . based on particle swarm optimization ( pso ) te ←
→ behavior of graph laplacians on manifolds with boundary ; in manifold learning , algorithms based on graph laplacians constructed from data have received considerable attention both in practical applications and theoretical analysis . in particular , the convergence of graph laplacians obtained from sampled data to certain continuous operators has become an active research topic recently . most of the existing work has been done under the assumption that the data is sampled from a manifold without boundary or t ←
→ automated cloud provisioning on aws using deep reinforcement learning ; as the use of cloud computing continues to rise , controlling cost becomes increasingly important . yet there is evidence that 30 \% - 45 \% of cloud spend is wasted . existing tools for cloud provisioning typically rely on highly trained human experts to specify what to monitor , thresholds for triggering action , and actions . in this paper we explore the use of reinforcement learning ( rl ) to acquire policies to balance performance and spend ,←
→ object detection free instance segmentation with labeling transformations ; instance segmentation has attracted recent attention in computer vision and existing methods in this domain mostly have an object detection stage . in this paper , we study the intrinsic challenge of the instance segmentation problem , the presence of a quotient space ( swapping the labels of different instances leads to the same result ), and propose new methods that are object proposal - and object detection - free . we propose three al ←
→ fast and accurate time series classification with weasel ; time series ( ts ) occur in many scientific and commercial applications , ranging from earth surveillance to industry automation to the smart grids . an important type of ts analysis is classification , which can , for instance , improve energy load forecasting in smart grids by detecting the types of electronic devices based on their energy consumption profiles recorded by automatic sensors . such sensor - driven applications are very often characterized by ←
→ adaptive inference on general graphical models ; many algorithms and applications involve repeatedly solving variations of the same inference problem ; for example we may want to introduce new evidence to the model or perform updates to conditional dependencies . the goal of adaptive inference is to take advantage of what is preserved in the model and perform inference more rapidly than from scratch . in this paper , we describe techniques for adaptive inference on general graphs that support marginal computati ←
→ scaling up the automatic statistician : scalable structure discovery using gaussian processes ; automating statistical modelling is a challenging problem in artificial intelligence . the automatic statistician takes a first step in this direction , by employing a kernel search algorithm with gaussian processes ( gp ) to provide interpretable statistical models for regression problems . however this does not scale due to its $ o ( n ^ 3 )$ running time for the model selection . we propose scalable kernel composition ( s ←
→ towards ecdsa key derivation from deep embeddings for novel blockchain applications ; in this work , we propose a straightforward method to derive elliptic curve digital signature algorithm ( ecdsa ) key pairs from embeddings created using deep learning and metric learning approaches . we also show that these keys allows the derivation of cryptocurrencies ( such as bitcoin ) addresses that can be used to transfer and receive funds , allowing novel blockchain - based applications that can be used to transfer funds ←
→ aerial lanenet : lane marking semantic segmentation in aerial imagery using wavelet - enhanced cost - sensitive symmetric fully convolutional neural networks ; the knowledge about the placement and appearance of lane markings is a prerequisite for the creation of maps with high precision , necessary for autonomous driving , infrastructure monitoring , lane - wise traffic management , and urban planning . lane markings are one of the important components of such maps . lane markings convey the rules of roads to drive ←
→ optimization with extremal dynamics ; we explore a new general - purpose heuristic for finding high - quality solutions to hard optimization problems . the method , called extremal optimization , is inspired by self - organized criticality , a concept introduced to describe emergent complexity in physical systems . extremal optimization successively replaces extremely undesirable variables of a single sub - optimal solution with new , random ones . large fluctuations ensue , that efficiently explore many local optima . with ←
→ composing inference algorithms as program transformations ; probabilistic inference procedures are usually coded painstakingly from scratch , for each target model and each inference algorithm . we reduce this effort by generating inference procedures from models automatically . we make this code generation modular by decomposing inference algorithms into reusable program - to - program transformations . these transformations perform exact inference as well as generate probabilistic programs that compute expectatio ←
→ dictionary learning and sparse coding on grassmann manifolds : an extrinsic solution ; recent advances in computer vision and machine learning suggest that a wide range of problems can be addressed more appropriately by considering non - euclidean geometry . in this paper we explore sparse dictionary learning over the space of linear subspaces , which form riemannian structures known as grassmann manifolds . to this end , we propose to embed grassmann manifolds into the space of symmetric matrices by an isometri ←
→ feature - based attention in convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have proven effective for image processing tasks , such as object recognition and classification . recently , cnns have been enhanced with concepts of attention , similar to those found in biology . much of this work on attention has focused on effective serial spatial processing . in this paper , i introduce a simple procedure for applying feature - based attention ( fba ) to cnns and compare multiple implementation option ←
→ feature extraction using latent dirichlet allocation and neural networks : a case study on movie synopses ; feature extraction has gained increasing attention in the field of machine learning , as in order to detect patterns , extract information , or predict future observations from big data , the urge of informative features is crucial . the process of extracting features is highly linked to dimensionality reduction as it implies the transformation of the data from a sparse high - dimensional space , to higher l ←
→ transg : a generative mixture model for knowledge graph embedding ; recently , knowledge graph embedding , which projects symbolic entities and relations into continuous vector space , has become a new , hot topic in artificial intelligence . this paper addresses a new issue of multiple relation semantics that a relation may have multiple meanings revealed by the entity pairs associated with the corresponding triples , and proposes a novel gaussian mixture model for embedding , transg . the new model can discover l ←
→ exploiting out - of - domain data sources for dialectal arabic statistical machine translation ; statistical machine translation for dialectal arabic is characterized by a lack of data since data acquisition involves the transcription and translation of spoken language . in this study we develop techniques for extracting parallel data for one particular dialect of arabic ( iraqi arabic ) from out - of - domain corpora in different dialects of arabic or in modern standard arabic . we compare two different data selecti ←
→ online reinforcement learning for real - time exploration in continuous state and action markov decision processes ; this paper presents a new method to learn online policies in continuous state , continuous action , model - free markov decision processes , with two properties that are crucial for practical applications . first , the policies are implementable with a very low computational cost : once the policy is computed , the action corresponding to a given state is obtained in logarithmic time with respect to t ←
→ automatic selection of stochastic watershed hierarchies ; the segmentation , seen as the association of a partition with an image , is a difficult task . it can be decomposed in two steps : at first , a family of contours associated with a series of nested partitions ( or hierarchy ) is created and organized , then pertinent contours are extracted . a coarser partition is obtained by merging adjacent regions of a finer partition . the strength of a contour is then measured by the level of the hierarchy for which its ←
→ on interference of signals and generalization in feedforward neural networks ; this paper studies how the generalization ability of neurons can be affected by mutual processing of different signals . this study is done on the basis of a feedforward artificial neural network . the mutual processing of signals can possibly be a good model of patterns in a set generalized by a neural network and in effect may improve generalization . in this paper it is discussed that the interference may also cause a highly ra ←
→ how good are detection proposals , really ? ; current top performing pascal voc object detectors employ detection proposals to guide the search for objects thereby avoiding exhaustive sliding window search across images . despite the popularity of detection proposals , it is unclear which trade - offs are made when using them during object detection . we provide an in depth analysis of ten object proposal methods along with four baselines regarding ground truth annotation recall ( on pascal voc 2007 and imagenet 20 ←
→ grounding hierarchical reinforcement learning models for knowledge transfer ; methods of deep machine learning enable to to reuse low - level representations efficiently for generating more abstract high - level representations . originally , deep learning has been applied passively ( e . g ., for classification purposes ). recently , it has been extended to estimate the value of actions for autonomous agents within the framework of reinforcement learning ( rl ). explicit models of the environment can be learned to aug ←
→ an amendment of fast subspace tracking methods ; tuning stepsize between convergence rate and steady state error level or stability is a problem in some subspace tracking schemes . methods in dpm and oja class may show sparks in their steady state error sometimes , even with a rather small stepsize . by a study on the schemes ' updating formula , it is found that the update only happens in a specific plane but not all the subspace basis . through an analysis on relationship between the vectors in that plane , an a ←
→ robust and efficient relative pose with a multi - camera system for autonomous vehicle in highly dynamic environments ; this paper studies the relative pose problem for autonomous vehicle driving in highly dynamic and possibly cluttered environments . this is a challenging scenario due to the existence of multiple , large , and independently moving objects in the environment , which often leads to excessive portion of outliers and results in erroneous motion estimation . existing algorithms cannot cope with such ←
→ modelling sentence pairs with tree - structured attentive encoder ; we describe an attentive encoder that combines tree - structured recursive neural networks and sequential recurrent neural networks for modelling sentence pairs . since existing attentive models exert attention on the sequential structure , we propose a way to incorporate attention into the tree topology . specially , given a pair of sentences , our attentive encoder uses the representation of one sentence , which generated via an rnn , to guide the s ←
→ coupled support vector machines for supervised domain adaptation ; popular domain adaptation ( da ) techniques learn a classifier for the target domain by sampling relevant data points from the source and combining it with the target data . we present a support vector machine ( svm ) based supervised da technique , where the similarity between source and target domains is modeled as the similarity between their svm decision boundaries . we couple the source and target svms and reduce the model to a standard single ←
→ characterizing and extending answer set semantics using possibility theory ; answer set programming ( asp ) is a popular framework for modeling combinatorial problems . however , asp cannot easily be used for reasoning about uncertain information . possibilistic asp ( pasp ) is an extension of asp that combines possibilistic logic and asp . in pasp a weight is associated with each rule , where this weight is interpreted as the certainty with which the conclusion can be established when the body is known to hold . a ←
→ expert - driven genetic algorithms for simulating evaluation functions ; in this paper we demonstrate how genetic algorithms can be used to reverse engineer an evaluation function ' s parameters for computer chess . our results show that using an appropriate expert ( or mentor ), we can evolve a program that is on par with top tournament - playing chess programs , outperforming a two - time world computer chess champion . this performance gain is achieved by evolving a program that mimics the behavior of a superior expe ←
→ poseidon : an efficient communication architecture for distributed deep learning on gpu clusters ; deep learning models can take weeks to train on a single gpu - equipped machine , necessitating scaling out dl training to a gpu - cluster . however , current distributed dl implementations can scale poorly due to substantial parameter synchronization over the network , because the high throughput of gpus allows more data batches to be processed per unit time than cpus , leading to more frequent network synchronizatio ←
→ a curriculum learning method for improved noise robustness in automatic speech recognition ; the performance of automatic speech recognition systems under noisy environments still leaves room for improvement . speech enhancement or feature enhancement techniques for increasing noise robustness of these systems usually add components to the recognition system that need careful optimization . in this work , we propose the use of a relatively simple curriculum training strategy called accordion annealing ( accan ←
→ learning predictive leading indicators for forecasting time series systems with unknown clusters of forecast tasks ; we present a new method for forecasting systems of multiple interrelated time series . the method learns the forecast models together with discovering leading indicators from within the system that serve as good predictors improving the forecast accuracy and a cluster structure of the predictive tasks around these . the method is based on the classical linear vector autoregressive model ( var )←
→ a local search modeling for constrained optimum paths problems ( extended abstract ) ; constrained optimum path ( cop ) problems appear in many real - life applications , especially on communication networks . some of these problems have been considered and solved by specific techniques which are usually difficult to extend . in this paper , we introduce a novel local search modeling for solving some cops by local search . the modeling features the compositionality , modularity , reuse and strengthens the benefits of ←
→ on the ontological modeling of trees ; trees -- i . e ., the type of data structure known under this name -- are central to many aspects of knowledge organization . we investigate some central design choices concerning the ontological modeling of such trees . in particular , we consider the limits of what is expressible in the web ontology language , and provide a reusable ontology design pattern for trees .←
→ towards language - universal end - to - end speech recognition ; building speech recognizers in multiple languages typically involves replicating a monolingual training recipe for each language , or utilizing a multi - task learning approach where models for different languages have separate output labels but share some internal parameters . in this work , we exploit recent progress in end - to - end speech recognition to create a single multilingual speech recognition system capable of recognizing any of the languages se ←
→ anisotropic mesh adaptation for image representation ; triangular meshes have gained much interest in image representation and have been widely used in image processing . this paper introduces a framework of anisotropic mesh adaptation ( ama ) methods to image representation and proposes a gprama method that is based on ama and greedy - point removal ( gpr ) scheme . different than many other methods that triangulate sample points to form the mesh , the ama methods start directly with a triangular mesh and then adap ←
→ recognizing temporal linguistic expression pattern of individual with suicide risk on social media ; suicide is a global public health problem . early detection of individual suicide risk plays a key role in suicide prevention . in this paper , we propose to look into individual suicide risk through time series analysis of personal linguistic expression on social media ( weibo ). we examined temporal patterns of the linguistic expression of individuals on chinese social media ( weibo ). then , we used such tempor ←
→ triplet spike time dependent plasticity : a floating - gate implementation ; synapse plays an important role of learning in a neural network ; the learning rules which modify the synaptic strength based on the timing difference between the pre - and post - synaptic spike occurrence is termed as spike time dependent plasticity ( stdp ). the most commonly used rule posits weight change based on time difference between one pre - and one post spike and is hence termed doublet stdp ( dstdp ). however , d - stdp could not repro ←
→ improved ransac performance using simple , iterative minimal - set solvers ; ransac is a popular technique for estimating model parameters in the presence of outliers . the best speed is achieved when the minimum possible number of points is used to estimate hypotheses for the model . many useful problems can be represented using polynomial constraints ( for instance , the determinant of a fundamental matrix must be zero ) and so have a number of solutions which are consistent with a minimal set . a considerable amo ←
→ adaptive representations for tracking breaking news on twitter ; twitter is often the most up - to - date source for finding and tracking breaking news stories . therefore , there is considerable interest in developing filters for tweet streams in order to track and summarize stories . this is a non - trivial text analytics task as tweets are short , and standard retrieval methods often fail as stories evolve over time . in this paper we examine the effectiveness of adaptive mechanisms for tracking and summarizing bre ←
→ feature importance in bayesian assessment of newborn brain maturity from eeg ; the methodology of bayesian model averaging ( bma ) is applied for assessment of newborn brain maturity from sleep eeg . in theory this methodology provides the most accurate assessments of uncertainty in decisions . however , the existing bma techniques have been shown providing biased assessments in the absence of some prior information enabling to explore model parameter space in details within a reasonable time . the lack in deta ←
→ robustness of regional matching scheme over global matching scheme ; the paper has established and verified the theory prevailing widely among image and pattern recognition specialists that the bottom - up indirect regional matching process is the more stable and the more robust than the global matching process against concentrated types of noise represented by clutter , outlier or occlusion in the imagery . we have demonstrated this by analyzing the effect of concentrated noise on a typical decision making pro ←
→ multitask learning of vegetation biochemistry from hyperspectral data ; statistical models have been successful in accurately estimating the biochemical contents of vegetation from the reflectance spectra . however , their performance deteriorates when there is a scarcity of sizable amount of ground truth data for modeling the complex non - linear relationship occurring between the spectrum and the biochemical quantity . we propose a novel gaussian process based multitask learning method for improving the predic ←
→ deep speaker vectors for semi text - independent speaker verification ; recent research shows that deep neural networks ( dnns ) can be used to extract deep speaker vectors ( d - vectors ) that preserve speaker characteristics and can be used in speaker verification . this new method has been tested on text - dependent speaker verification tasks , and improvement was reported when combined with the conventional i - vector method . this paper extends the d - vector approach to semi text - independent speaker verification tas ←
→ learning alternative name spellings ; name matching is a key component of systems for entity resolution or record linkage . alternative spellings of the same names are a com - mon occurrence in many applications . we use the largest collection of genealogy person records in the world together with user search query logs to build name matching models . the procedure for building a crowd - sourced training set is outlined together with the presentation of our method . we cast the problem of learning alternative spel ←
→ rule based expert system for cerebral palsy diagnosis ; the use of artificial intelligence is finding prominence not only in core computer areas , but also in cross disciplinary areas including medical diagnosis . in this paper , we present a rule based expert system used in diagnosis of cerebral palsy . the expert system takes user input and depending on the symptoms of the patient , diagnoses if the patient is suffering from cerebral palsy . the expert system also classifies the cerebral palsy as mild , moderate ←
→ an optimal tabular parsing algorithm ; in this paper we relate a number of parsing algorithms which have been developed in very different areas of parsing theory , and which include deterministic algorithms , tabular algorithms , and a parallel algorithm . we show that these algorithms are based on the same underlying ideas . by relating existing ideas , we hope to provide an opportunity to improve some algorithms based on features of others . a second purpose of this paper is to answer a question which has come u ←
→ an improved evaluation framework for generative adversarial networks ; in this paper , we propose an improved quantitative evaluation framework for generative adversarial networks on generating domain - specific images , where we improve conventional evaluation methods on two levels : the feature representation and the evaluation metric . unlike most existing evaluation frameworks which transfer the representation of imagenet inception model to map images onto the feature space , our framework uses a specialized e ←
→ learning to rank for blind image quality assessment ; blind image quality assessment ( biqa ) aims to predict perceptual image quality scores without access to reference images . state - of - the - art biqa methods typically require subjects to score a large number of images to train a robust model . however , the acquisition of image quality scores has several limitations : 1 ) scores are not precise , because subjects are usually uncertain about which score most precisely represents the perceptual quality of a given im ←
→ towards a theory of word order . comment on " dependency distance : a new perspective on syntactic patterns in natural language " by haitao liu et al ; comment on " dependency distance : a new perspective on syntactic patterns in natural language " by haitao liu et al ←
→ inhomogeneous hypergraph clustering with applications ; hypergraph partitioning is an important problem in machine learning , computer vision and network analytics . a widely used method for hypergraph partitioning relies on minimizing a normalized sum of the costs of partitioning hyperedges across clusters . algorithmic solutions based on this approach assume that different partitions of a hyperedge incur the same cost . however , this assumption fails to leverage the fact that different subsets of vertices wit ←
→ initialization of multilayer forecasting artifical neural networks ; in this paper , a new method was developed for initialising artificial neural networks predicting dynamics of time series . initial weighting coefficients were determined for neurons analogously to the case of a linear prediction filter . moreover , to improve the accuracy of the initialization method for a multilayer neural network , some variants of decomposition of the transformation matrix corresponding to the linear prediction filter were ←
→ makeup like a superstar : deep localized makeup transfer network ; in this paper , we propose a novel deep localized makeup transfer network to automatically recommend the most suitable makeup for a female and synthesis the makeup on her face . given a before - makeup face , her most suitable makeup is determined automatically . then , both the beforemakeup and the reference faces are fed into the proposed deep transfer network to generate the after - makeup face . our end - to - end makeup transfer network have several n ←
→ on solving boolean multilevel optimization problems ; many combinatorial optimization problems entail a number of hierarchically dependent optimization problems . an often used solution is to associate a suitably large cost with each individual optimization problem , such that the solution of the resulting aggregated optimization problem solves the original set of hierarchically dependent optimization problems . this paper starts by studying the package upgradeability problem in software distributions . straigh ←
→ joint rnn - based greedy parsing and word composition ; this paper introduces a greedy parser based on neural networks , which leverages a new compositional sub - tree representation . the greedy parser and the compositional procedure are jointly trained , and tightly depends on each - other . the composition procedure outputs a vector representation which summarizes syntactically ( parsing tags ) and semantically ( words ) sub - trees . composition and tagging is achieved over continuous ( word or tag ) representations , and ←
→ nonparametric preference completion ; we consider the task of collaborative preference completion : given a pool of items , a pool of users and a partially observed item - user rating matrix , the goal is to recover the personalized ranking of each user over all of the items . our approach is nonparametric : we assume that each item $ i $ and each user $ u $ have unobserved features $ x_i $ and $ y_u $, and that the associated rating is given by $ g_u ( f ( x_i , y_u ))$ where $ f $ is lipschitz and $ g_u $ is a monotonic transformat ←
→ hierarchical spatial sum - product networks for action recognition in still images ; recognizing actions from still images is popularly studied recently . in this paper , we model an action class as a flexible number of spatial configurations of body parts by proposing a new spatial spn ( sum - product networks ). first , we discover a set of parts in image collections via unsupervised learning . then , our new spatial spn is applied to model the spatial relationship and also the high - order correlations of parts . to ←
→ a multi - strength adversarial training method to mitigate adversarial attacks ; some recent works revealed that deep neural networks ( dnns ) are vulnerable to so - called adversarial attacks where input examples are intentionally perturbed to fool dnns . in this work , we revisit the dnn training process that includes adversarial examples into the training dataset so as to improve dnn ' s resilience to adversarial attacks , namely , adversarial training . our experiments show that different adversarial strengths , i .←
→ unimodal probability distributions for deep ordinal classification ; probability distributions produced by the cross - entropy loss for ordinal classification problems can possess undesired properties . we propose a straightforward technique to constrain discrete ordinal probability distributions to be unimodal via the use of the poisson and binomial probability distributions . we evaluate this approach in the context of deep learning on two large ordinal image datasets , obtaining promising results .←
→ a minimum relative entropy principle for learning and acting ; this paper proposes a method to construct an adaptive agent that is universal with respect to a given class of experts , where each expert is an agent that has been designed specifically for a particular environment . this adaptive control problem is formalized as the problem of minimizing the relative entropy of the adaptive agent from the expert that is most suitable for the unknown environment . if the agent is a passive observer , then the optim ←
→ synthesizing robust adversarial examples ; neural network - based classifiers parallel or exceed human - level accuracy on many common tasks and are used in practical systems . yet , neural networks are susceptible to adversarial examples , carefully perturbed inputs that cause networks to misbehave in arbitrarily chosen ways . when generated with standard methods , these examples do not consistently fool a classifier in the physical world due to viewpoint shifts , camera noise , and other natural transformations . adv ←
→ mixed precision training of convolutional neural networks using integer operations ; the state - of - the - art ( sota ) for mixed precision training is dominated by variants of low precision floating point operations , and in particular , fp16 accumulating into fp32 micikevicius et al . ( 2017 ). on the other hand , while a lot of research has also happened in the domain of low and mixed - precision integer training , these works either present results for non - sota networks ( for instance only alexnet for imagenet - 1k ), or ←
→ happy travelers take big pictures : a psychological study with machine learning and big data ; in psychology , theory - driven researches are usually conducted with extensive laboratory experiments , yet rarely tested or disproved with big data . in this paper , we make use of 418k travel photos with traveler ratings to test the influential " broaden - and - build " theory , that suggests positive emotions broaden one ' s visual attention . the core hypothesis examined in this study is that positive emotion is associated ←
→ predicting surgery duration with neural heteroscedastic regression ; scheduling surgeries is a challenging task due to the fundamental uncertainty of the clinical environment , as well as the risks and costs associated with under - and over - booking . we investigate neural regression algorithms to estimate the parameters of surgery case durations , focusing on the issue of heteroscedasticity . we seek to simultaneously estimate the duration of each surgery , as well as a surgery - specific notion of our uncertainty ←
→ a new distributed evolutionary computation technique for multi - objective optimization ; now - a - days , it is important to find out solutions of multi - objective optimization problems ( mops ). evolutionary strategy helps to solve such real world problems efficiently and quickly . but sequential evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) require an enormous computation power to solve such problems and it takes much time to solve large problems . to enhance the performance for solving this type of problems , this paper presents ←
→ m $^ 2 $ s - net : multi - modal similarity metric learning based deep convolutional network for answer selection ; recent works using artificial neural networks based on distributed word representation greatly boost performance on various natural language processing tasks , especially the answer selection problem . nevertheless , most of the previous works used deep learning methods ( like lstm - rnn , cnn , etc .) only to capture semantic representation of each sentence separately , without considering the interdependence ←
→ well - posedness of a nonlinear integro - differential problem and its rearranged formulation ; we study the existence and uniqueness of solutions of a nonlinear integro - differential problem which we reformulate introducing the notion of the decreasing rearrangement of the solution . a dimensional reduction of the problem is obtained and a detailed analysis of the properties of the solutions of the model is provided . finally , a fast numerical method is devised and implemented to show the performance of the mod ←
→ guided proofreading of automatic segmentations for connectomics ; automatic cell image segmentation methods in connectomics produce merge and split errors , which require correction through proofreading . previous research has identified the visual search for these errors as the bottleneck in interactive proofreading . to aid error correction , we develop two classifiers that automatically recommend candidate merges and splits to the user . these classifiers use a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) that has been ←
→ exploiting evidence - dependent sensitivity bounds ; studying the effects of one - way variation of any number of parameters on any number of output probabilities quickly becomes infeasible in practice , especially if various evidence profiles are to be taken into consideration . to provide for identifying the parameters that have a potentially large effect prior to actually performing the analysis , we need properties of sensitivity functions that are independent of the network under study , of the available evide ←
→ a novel method for extrinsic calibration of a 2 - d laser - rangefinder and a camera ; we present a novel solution for extrinsically calibrating a camera and a laser rangefinder ( lrf ) by computing the transformation between the camera frame and the lrf frame . our method is applicable for lrfs which measure only a single plane . it does not rely on observing the laser plane in the camera image . instead , we show that point - to - plane constraints from a single observation of a v - shaped calibration pattern composed ←
→ a ternary non - commutative latent factor model for scalable three - way real tensor completion ; motivated by large - scale collaborative - filtering applications , we present a non - commuting latent factor ( nclf ) tensor - completion approach for modeling three - way arrays , which is diagonal like the standard parafac , but wherein different terms distinguish different kinds of three - way relations of co - clusters , as determined by permutations of latent factors . the first key component of the algebraic representation is ←
→ edgestereo : a context integrated residual pyramid network for stereo matching ; recently convolutional neural network ( cnn ) promotes the development of stereo matching greatly . especially those end - to - end stereo methods achieve best performance . however less attention is paid on encoding context information , simplifying two - stage disparity learning pipeline and improving details in disparity maps . differently we focus on these problems . firstly , we propose an one - stage context pyramid based residual pyram ←
→ camera - trap images segmentation using multi - layer robust principal component analysis ; the segmentation of animals from camera - trap images is a difficult task . to illustrate , there are various challenges due to environmental conditions and hardware limitation in these images . we proposed a multi - layer robust principal component analysis ( multi - layer rpca ) approach for background subtraction . our method computes sparse and low - rank images from a weighted sum of descriptors , using color and texture feature ←
→ learning depth - three neural networks in polynomial time ; we give a polynomial - time algorithm for learning neural networks with one hidden layer of sigmoids feeding into any smooth , monotone activation function ( e . g ., sigmoid or relu ). we make no assumptions on the structure of the network , and the algorithm succeeds with respect to {\ em any } distribution on the unit ball in $ n $ dimensions ( hidden weight vectors also have unit norm ). this is the first assumption - free , provably efficient algorithm for learni ←
→ unsupervised learning of object frames by dense equivariant image labelling ; one of the key challenges of visual perception is to extract abstract models of 3d objects and object categories from visual measurements , which are affected by complex nuisance factors such as viewpoint , occlusion , motion , and deformations . starting from the recent idea of viewpoint factorization , we propose a new approach that , given a large number of images of an object and no other supervision , can extract a dense object - cen ←
→ the algorithm of islamic jurisprudence ( fiqh ) with validation of an entscheidungsproblem ; the historic background of algorithmic processing with regard to etymology and methodology is translated into terms of mathematical logic and computer science . a formal logic structure is introduced by exemplaryquestions posed to fiqh - chapters to define alogic query language . as a foundation , ageneric algorithm for deciding fiqh - rulings is designed to enable and further leverage rule of law ( vs . rule by law ) with fu ←
→ adaptive diffusion constrained total variation scheme with application to ` cartoon + texture + edge ' image decomposition ; we consider an image decomposition model involving a variational ( minimization ) problem and an evolutionary partial differential equation ( pde ). we utilize a linear inhomogenuous diffusion constrained and weighted total variation ( tv ) scheme for image adaptive decomposition . an adaptive weight along with tv regularization splits a given image into three components representing the geo ←
→ brainframe : a node - level heterogeneous accelerator platform for neuron simulations ; objective : the advent of high - performance computing ( hpc ) in recent years has led to its increasing use in brain study through computational models . the scale and complexity of such models are constantly increasing , leading to challenging computational requirements . even though modern hpc platforms can often deal with such challenges , the vast diversity of the modeling field does not permit for a single acceleration ( or h ←
→ a sheaf model of contradictions and disagreements . preliminary report and discussion ; we introduce a new formal model -- based on the mathematical construct of sheaves -- for representing contradictory information in textual sources . this model has the advantage of letting us ( a ) identify the causes of the inconsistency ; ( b ) measure how strong it is ; ( c ) and do something about it , e . g . suggest ways to reconcile inconsistent advice . this model naturally represents the distinction between contradictions an ←
→ f - divergence estimation and two - sample homogeneity test under semiparametric density - ratio models ; a density ratio is defined by the ratio of two probability densities . we study the inference problem of density ratios and apply a semi - parametric density - ratio estimator to the two - sample homogeneity test . in the proposed test procedure , the f - divergence between two probability densities is estimated using a density - ratio estimator . the f - divergence estimator is then exploited for the two - sample homogeneit ←
→ single classifier - based passive system for source printer classification using local texture features ; an important aspect of examining printed documents for potential forgeries and copyright infringement is the identification of source printer as it can be helpful for ascertaining the leak and detecting forged documents . this paper proposes a system for classification of source printer from scanned images of printed documents using all the printed letters simultaneously . this system uses local texture p ←
→ on the definition of a general learning system with user - defined operators ; in this paper , we push forward the idea of machine learning systems whose operators can be modified and fine - tuned for each problem . this allows us to propose a learning paradigm where users can write ( or adapt ) their operators , according to the problem , data representation and the way the information should be navigated . to achieve this goal , data instances , background knowledge , rules , programs and operators are all written in ←
→ mysteries of visual experience ; science is a crowning glory of the human spirit and its applications remain our best hope for social progress . but there are limitations to current science and perhaps to any science . the general mind - body problem is known to be intractable and currently mysterious . this is one of many deep problems that are universally agreed to be beyond the current purview of science , including quantum phenomena , etc . but all of these famous unsolved problems are either remote from everyd ←
→ chainermn : scalable distributed deep learning framework ; one of the keys for deep learning to have made a breakthrough in various fields was to utilize high computing powers centering around gpus . enabling the use of further computing abilities by distributed processing is essential not only to make the deep learning bigger and faster but also to tackle unsolved challenges . we present the design , implementation , and evaluation of chainermn , the distributed deep learning framework we have developed . we demo ←
→ banzhaf random forests ; random forests are a type of ensemble method which makes predictions by combining the results of several independent trees . however , the theory of random forests has long been outpaced by their application . in this paper , we propose a novel random forests algorithm based on cooperative game theory . banzhaf power index is employed to evaluate the power of each feature by traversing possible feature coalitions . unlike the previously used information gain rate of information theory , wh ←
→ a massively parallel multi - level approach to a domain decomposition method for the optical flow estimation with varying illumination ; we consider a variational method to solve the optical flow problem with varying illumination . we apply an adaptive control of the regularization parameter which allows us to preserve the edges and fine features of the computed flow . to reduce the complexity of the estimation for high resolution images and the time of computations , we implement a multi - level parallel approa ←
→ understanding algorithm performance on an oversubscribed scheduling application ; the best performing algorithms for a particular oversubscribed scheduling application , air force satellite control network ( afscn ) scheduling , appear to have little in common . yet , through careful experimentation and modeling of performance in real problem instances , we can relate characteristics of the best algorithms to characteristics of the application . in particular , we find that plateaus dominate the search spaces ( thu ←
→ learning deep context - aware features over body and latent parts for person re - identification ; person re - identification ( reid ) is to identify the same person across different cameras . it is a challenging task due to the large variations in person pose , occlusion , background clutter , etc how to extract powerful features is a fundamental problem in reid and is still an open problem today . in this paper , we design a multi - scale context - aware network ( mscan ) to learn powerful features over full body and body ←
→ open source dataset and deep learning models for online digit gesture recognition on touchscreens ; this paper presents an evaluation of deep neural networks for recognition of digits entered by users on a smartphone touchscreen . a new large dataset of arabic numerals was collected for training and evaluation of the network . the dataset consists of spatial and temporal touch data recorded for 80 digits entered by 260 users . two neural network models were investigated . the first model was a 2d convolutiona ←
→ a method for nose - tip based 3d face registration using maximum intensity algorithm ; in this paper we present a novel technique of registering 3d images across pose . in this context , we have taken into account the images which are aligned across x , y and z axes . we have first determined the angle across which the image is rotated with respect to x , y and z axes and then translation is performed on the images . after testing the proposed method on 472 images from the frav3d database , the method correctly re ←
→ playing with duality : an overview of recent primal - dual approaches for solving large - scale optimization problems ; optimization methods are at the core of many problems in signal / image processing , computer vision , and machine learning . for a long time , it has been recognized that looking at the dual of an optimization problem may drastically simplify its solution . deriving efficient strategies which jointly brings into play the primal and the dual problems is however a more recent idea which has generated ←
→ memcapacitive neural networks ; we show that memcapacitive ( memory capacitive ) systems can be used as synapses in artificial neural networks . as an example of our approach , we discuss the architecture of an integrate - and - fire neural network based on memcapacitive synapses . moreover , we demonstrate that the spike - timing - dependent plasticity can be simply realized with some of these devices . memcapacitive synapses are a low - energy alternative to memristive synapses for neuromorphic computation .←
→ hyperspectral image recovery via hybrid regularization ; natural images tend to mostly consist of smooth regions with individual pixels having highly correlated spectra . this information can be exploited to recover hyperspectral images of natural scenes from their incomplete and noisy measurements . to perform the recovery while taking full advantage of the prior knowledge , we formulate a composite cost function containing a square - error data - fitting term and two distinct regularization terms pertaining to s ←
→ leader follower formation control of ground vehicles using camshift based guidance ; autonomous ground vehicles have been designed for the purpose of that relies on ranging and bearing information received from forward looking camera on the formation control . a visual guidance control algorithm is designed where real time image processing is used to provide feedback signals . the vision subsystem and control subsystem work in parallel to accomplish formation control . a proportional navigation and line of ←
→ the segmented ihmm : a simple , efficient hierarchical infinite hmm ; we propose the segmented ihmm ( sihmm ), a hierarchical infinite hidden markov model ( ihmm ) that supports a simple , efficient inference scheme . the sihmm is well suited to segmentation problems , where the goal is to identify points at which a time series transitions from one relatively stable regime to a new regime . conventional ihmms often struggle with such problems , since they have no mechanism for distinguishing between high - and low - leve ←
→ aspiration learning in coordination games ; we consider the problem of distributed convergence to efficient outcomes in coordination games through dynamics based on aspiration learning . under aspiration learning , a player continues to play an action as long as the rewards received exceed a specified aspiration level . here , the aspiration level is a fading memory average of past rewards , and these levels also are subject to occasional random perturbations . a player becomes dissatisfied whenever a received re ←
→ pso - based fuzzy markup language for student learning performance evaluation and educational application ; this paper proposes an agent with particle swarm optimization ( pso ) based on a fuzzy markup language ( fml ) for students learning performance evaluation and educational applications , and the proposed agent is according to the response data from a conventional test and an item response theory . first , we apply a gs - based parameter estimation mechanism to estimate the items parameters according to the res ←
→ consensus sequence segmentation ; in this paper we introduce a method to detect words or phrases in a given sequence of alphabets without knowing the lexicon . our linear time unsupervised algorithm relies entirely on statistical relationships among alphabets in the input sequence to detect location of word boundaries . we compare our algorithm to previous approaches from unsupervised sequence segmentation literature and provide superior segmentation over number of benchmarks .←
→ neural photo editing with introspective adversarial networks ; the increasingly photorealistic sample quality of generative image models suggests their feasibility in applications beyond image generation . we present the neural photo editor , an interface that leverages the power of generative neural networks to make large , semantically coherent changes to existing images . to tackle the challenge of achieving accurate reconstructions without loss of feature quality , we introduce the introspective adversarial ←
→ structure learning of antiferromagnetic ising models ; in this paper we investigate the computational complexity of learning the graph structure underlying a discrete undirected graphical model from i . i . d . samples . we first observe that the notoriously difficult problem of learning parities with noise can be captured as a special case of learning graphical models . this leads to an unconditional computational lower bound of $\ omega ( p ^{ d / 2 })$ for learning general graphical models on $ p $ nodes of maximum degr ←
→ hdr image reconstruction from a single exposure using deep cnns ; camera sensors can only capture a limited range of luminance simultaneously , and in order to create high dynamic range ( hdr ) images a set of different exposures are typically combined . in this paper we address the problem of predicting information that have been lost in saturated image areas , in order to enable hdr reconstruction from a single exposure . we show that this problem is well - suited for deep learning algorithms , and propose a deep ←
→ chameleon : a hybrid secure computation framework for machine learning applications ; we present chameleon , a novel hybrid ( mixed - protocol ) framework for secure function evaluation ( sfe ) which enables two parties to jointly compute a function without disclosing their private inputs . chameleon combines the best aspects of generic sfe protocols with the ones that are based upon additive secret sharing . in particular , the framework performs linear operations in the ring $\ mathbb { z } _ { 2 ^ l }$ using additively sec ←
→ cost - sensitive tree of classifiers ; recently , machine learning algorithms have successfully entered large - scale real - world industrial applications ( e . g . search engines and email spam filters ). here , the cpu cost during test time must be budgeted and accounted for . in this paper , we address the challenge of balancing the test - time cost and the classifier accuracy in a principled fashion . the test - time cost of a classifier is often dominated by the computation required for feature extraction - which can vary d ←
→ robust method of vote aggregation and proposition verification for invariant local features ; this paper presents a method for analysis of the vote space created from the local features extraction process in a multi - detection system . the method is opposed to the classic clustering approach and gives a high level of control over the clusters composition for further verification steps . proposed method comprises of the graphical vote space presentation , the proposition generation , the two - pass iterative vote ←
→ internal guidance for satallax ; we propose a new internal guidance method for automated theorem provers based on the given - clause algorithm . our method influences the choice of unprocessed clauses using positive and negative examples from previous proofs . to this end , we present an efficient scheme for naive bayesian classification by generalising label occurrences to types with monoid structure . this makes it possible to extend existing fast classifiers , which consider only positive examples , with negativ ←
→ easy - first dependency parsing with hierarchical tree lstms ; we suggest a compositional vector representation of parse trees that relies on a recursive combination of recurrent - neural network encoders . to demonstrate its effectiveness , we use the representation as the backbone of a greedy , bottom - up dependency parser , achieving state - of - the - art accuracies for english and chinese , without relying on external word embeddings . the parser ' s implementation is available for download at the first author ' s webpage .←
→ nonlinear statistical learning with truncated gaussian graphical models ; we introduce the truncated gaussian graphical model ( tggm ) as a novel framework for designing statistical models for nonlinear learning . a tggm is a gaussian graphical model ( ggm ) with a subset of variables truncated to be nonnegative . the truncated variables are assumed latent and integrated out to induce a marginal model . we show that the variables in the marginal model are non - gaussian distributed and their expected relations are n ←
→ formal and computational properties of the confidence boost of association rules ; some existing notions of redundancy among association rules allow for a logical - style characterization and lead to irredundant bases of absolutely minimum size . one can push the intuition of redundancy further and find an intuitive notion of interest of an association rule , in terms of its " novelty " with respect to other rules . namely : an irredundant rule is so because its confidence is higher than what the rest of the rule ←
→ abstract machine for typed feature structures ; this paper describes a first step towards the definition of an abstract machine for linguistic formalisms that are based on typed feature structures , such as hpsg . the core design of the abstract machine is given in detail , including the compilation process from a high - level specification language to the abstract machine language and the implementation of the abstract instructions . we thus apply methods that were proved useful in computer science to the study ←
→ universal memory architectures for autonomous machines ; we propose a self - organizing memory architecture for perceptual experience , capable of supporting autonomous learning and goal - directed problem solving in the absence of any prior information about the agent ' s environment . the architecture is simple enough to ensure ( 1 ) a quadratic bound ( in the number of available sensors ) on space requirements , and ( 2 ) a quadratic bound on the time - complexity of the update - execute cycle . at the same time , it is suff ←
→ am i a baller ? basketball performance assessment from first - person videos ; this paper presents a method to assess a basketball player ' s performance from his / her first - person video . a key challenge lies in the fact that the evaluation metric is highly subjective and specific to a particular evaluator . we leverage the first - person camera to address this challenge . the spatiotemporal visual semantics provided by a first - person view allows us to reason about the camera wearer ' s actions while he / she is partic ←
→ belief calculus ; in dempster - shafer belief theory , general beliefs are expressed as belief mass distribution functions over frames of discernment . in subjective logic beliefs are expressed as belief mass distribution functions over binary frames of discernment . belief representations in subjective logic , which are called opinions , also contain a base rate parameter which express the a priori belief in the absence of evidence . philosophically , beliefs are quantitative representations of evidence as perceive ←
→ a polygon - based interpolation operator for super - resolution imaging ; we outline the super - resolution reconstruction problem posed as a maximization of probability . we then introduce an interpolation method based on polygonal pixel overlap , express it as a linear operator , and use it to improve reconstruction . polygon interpolation outperforms the simpler bilinear interpolation operator and , unlike gaussian modeling of pixels , requires no parameter estimation . a free software implementation that reproduces ←
→ empowerment for continuous agent - environment systems ; this paper develops generalizations of empowerment to continuous states . empowerment is a recently introduced information - theoretic quantity motivated by hypotheses about the efficiency of the sensorimotor loop in biological organisms , but also from considerations stemming from curiosity - driven learning . empowemerment measures , for agent - environment systems with stochastic transitions , how much influence an agent has on its environment , but only that in ←
→ manipulated object proposal : a discriminative object extraction and feature fusion framework for first - person daily activity recognition ; detecting and recognizing objects interacting with humans lie in the center of first - person ( egocentric ) daily activity recognition . however , due to noisy camera motion and frequent changes in viewpoint and scale , most of the previous egocentric action recognition methods fail to capture and model highly discriminative object features . in this work , we propose a novel ←
→ classification and geometry of general perceptual manifolds ; perceptual manifolds arise when a neural population responds to an ensemble of sensory signals associated with different physical features ( e . g ., orientation , pose , scale , location , and intensity ) of the same perceptual object . object recognition and discrimination requires classifying the manifolds in a manner that is insensitive to variability within a manifold . how neuronal systems give rise to invariant object classification and recognition i ←
→ on the consistency of graph - based bayesian learning and the scalability of sampling algorithms ; a popular approach to semi - supervised learning proceeds by endowing the input data with a graph structure in order to extract geometric information and incorporate it into a bayesian framework . we introduce new theory that gives appropriate scalings of graph parameters that provably lead to a well - defined limiting posterior as the size of the unlabeled data set grows . furthermore , we show that these consistenc ←
→ distributed parallel inference on large factor graphs ; as computer clusters become more common and the size of the problems encountered in the field of ai grows , there is an increasing demand for efficient parallel inference algorithms . we consider the problem of parallel inference on large factor graphs in the distributed memory setting of computer clusters . we develop a new efficient parallel inference algorithm , dbrsplash , which incorporates over - segmented graph partitioning , belief residual scheduling ,←
→ learning hash functions using column generation ; fast nearest neighbor searching is becoming an increasingly important tool in solving many large - scale problems . recently a number of approaches to learning data - dependent hash functions have been developed . in this work , we propose a column generation based method for learning data - dependent hash functions on the basis of proximity comparison information . given a set of triplets that encode the pairwise proximity comparison information , our method learns ha ←
→ 3d morphable models as spatial transformer networks ; in this paper , we show how a 3d morphable model ( i . e . a statistical model of the 3d shape of a class of objects such as faces ) can be used to spatially transform input data as a module ( a 3dmm - stn ) within a convolutional neural network . this is an extension of the original spatial transformer network in that we are able to interpret and normalise 3d pose changes and self - occlusions . the trained localisation part of the network is independently useful sin ←
→ a context - aware natural language generator for dialogue systems ; we present a novel natural language generation system for spoken dialogue systems capable of entraining ( adapting ) to users ' way of speaking , providing contextually appropriate responses . the generator is based on recurrent neural networks and the sequence - to - sequence approach . it is fully trainable from data which include preceding context along with responses to be generated . we show that the context - aware generator yields significant impro ←
→ thinking fast and slow with deep learning and tree search ; sequential decision making problems , such as structured prediction , robotic control , and game playing , require a combination of planning policies and generalisation of those plans . in this paper , we present expert iteration ( exit ), a novel reinforcement learning algorithm which decomposes the problem into separate planning and generalisation tasks . planning new policies is performed by tree search , while a deep neural network generalises those plan ←
→ communication complexity of distributed convex learning and optimization ; we study the fundamental limits to communication - efficient distributed methods for convex learning and optimization , under different assumptions on the information available to individual machines , and the types of functions considered . we identify cases where existing algorithms are already worst - case optimal , as well as cases where room for further improvement is still possible . among other things , our results indicate that without ←
→ sign language lexical recognition with propositional dynamic logic ; this paper explores the use of propositional dynamic logic ( pdl ) as a suitable formal framework for describing sign language ( sl ), the language of deaf people , in the context of natural language processing . sls are visual , complete , standalone languages which are just as expressive as oral languages . signs in sl usually correspond to sequences of highly specific body postures interleaved with movements , which make reference to real world o ←
→ unification of multi - lingual scientific terminological resources using the iso 16642 standard . the termsciences initiative ; this paper presents the termsciences portal , which deals with the implementation of a conceptual model that uses the recent iso 16642 standard ( terminological markup framework ). this standard turns out to be suitable for concept modeling since it allowed for organizing the original resources by concepts and to associate the various terms for a given concept . additional structuring i ←
→ cross - modal subspace learning for fine - grained sketch - based image retrieval ; sketch - based image retrieval ( sbir ) is challenging due to the inherent domain - gap between sketch and photo . compared with pixel - perfect depictions of photos , sketches are iconic renderings of the real world with highly abstract . therefore , matching sketch and photo directly using low - level visual clues are unsufficient , since a common low - level subspace that traverses semantically across the two modalities is non - trivial to esta ←
→ learning to retrieve out - of - vocabulary words in speech recognition ; many proper names ( pns ) are out - of - vocabulary ( oov ) words for speech recognition systems used to process diachronic audio data . to help recovery of the pns missed by the system , relevant oov pns can be retrieved out of the many oovs by exploiting semantic context of the spoken content . in this paper , we propose two neural network models targeted to retrieve oov pns relevant to an audio document : ( a ) document level continuous bag of words (←
→ meta - learning evolutionary artificial neural networks ; in this paper , we present mleann ( meta - learning evolutionary artificial neural network ), an automatic computational framework for the adaptive optimization of artificial neural networks wherein the neural network architecture , activation function , connection weights ; learning algorithm and its parameters are adapted according to the problem . we explored the performance of mleann and conventionally designed artificial neural networks for function approx ←
→ actionable email intent modeling with reparametrized rnns ; emails in the workplace are often intentional calls to action for its recipients . we propose to annotate these emails for what action its recipient will take . we argue that our approach of action - based annotation is more scalable and theory - agnostic than traditional speech - act - based email intent annotation , while still carrying important semantic and pragmatic information . we show that our action - based annotation scheme achieves good inter - annotato ←
→ retrieving and ranking similar questions from question - answer archives using topic modelling and topic distribution regression ; presented herein is a novel model for similar question ranking within collaborative question answer platforms . the presented approach integrates a regression stage to relate topics derived from questions to those derived from question - answer pairs . this helps to avoid problems caused by the differences in vocabulary used within questions and answers , and the tendency for questio ←
→ towards fully environment - aware uavs : real - time path planning with online 3d wind field prediction in complex terrain ; today , low - altitude fixed - wing unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ) are largely limited to primitively follow user - defined waypoints . to allow fully - autonomous remote missions in complex environments , real - time environment - aware navigation is required both with respect to terrain and strong wind drafts . this paper presents two relevant initial contributions : first , the literature ' s first - ever ←
→ e - counterfeit : a mobile - server platform for document counterfeit detection ; this paper presents a novel application to detect counterfeit identity documents forged by a scan - printing operation . texture analysis approaches are proposed to extract validation features from security background that is usually printed in documents as ids or banknotes . the main contribution of this work is the end - to - end mobile - server architecture , which provides a service for non - expert users and therefore can be used in seve ←
→ could you guess an interesting movie from the posters ?: an evaluation of vision - based features on movie poster database ; in this paper , we aim to estimate the winner of world - wide film festival from the exhibited movie poster . the task is an extremely challenging because the estimation must be done with only an exhibited movie poster , without any film ratings and box - office takings . in order to tackle this problem , we have created a new database which is consist of all movie posters included in the four ←
→ determining health utilities through data mining of social media ; ' health utilities ' measure patient preferences for perfect health compared to specific unhealthy states , such as asthma , a fractured hip , or colon cancer . when integrated over time , these estimations are called quality adjusted life years ( qalys ). until now , characterizing health utilities ( hus ) required detailed patient interviews or written surveys . while reliable and specific , this data remained costly due to efforts to locate , enlist and ←
→ learning transferable policies for monocular reactive mav control ; the ability to transfer knowledge gained in previous tasks into new contexts is one of the most important mechanisms of human learning . despite this , adapting autonomous behavior to be reused in partially similar settings is still an open problem in current robotics research . in this paper , we take a small step in this direction and propose a generic framework for learning transferable motion policies . our goal is to solve a learning proble ←
→ logic with verbs ; the aim of this paper is to introduce a logic in which nouns and verbs are handled together as a deductive reasoning , and also to observe the relationship between nouns and verbs as well as between logics and conversations .←
→ tight convex relaxations for sparse matrix factorization ; based on a new atomic norm , we propose a new convex formulation for sparse matrix factorization problems in which the number of nonzero elements of the factors is assumed fixed and known . the formulation counts sparse pca with multiple factors , subspace clustering and low - rank sparse bilinear regression as potential applications . we compute slow rates and an upper bound on the statistical dimension of the suggested norm for rank 1 matrices , showing ←
→ an efficient edge detection technique by two dimensional rectangular cellular automata ; this paper proposes a new pattern of two dimensional cellular automata linear rules that are used for efficient edge detection of an image . since cellular automata is inherently parallel in nature , it has produced desired output within a unit time interval . we have observed four linear rules among 512 total linear rules of a rectangular cellular automata in adiabatic or reflexive boundary condition that produces an op ←
→ adding context to concept trees ; concept trees are a type of database that can organise arbitrary textual information using a very simple rule . each tree tries to represent a single cohesive concept and the trees can link with each other for navigation and semantic purposes . the trees are therefore a type of semantic network and would benefit from having a consistent level of context for each of the nodes . the concept tree nodes have a mathematical basis allowing for a consistent build process . these would ←
→ achieving compositionality of the stable model semantics for smodels programs ; in this paper , a gaifman - shapiro - style module architecture is tailored to the case of smodels programs under the stable model semantics . the composition of smodels program modules is suitably limited by module conditions which ensure the compatibility of the module system with stable models . hence the semantics of an entire smodels program depends directly on stable models assigned to its modules . this result is formalized as ←
→ gaussian process conditional copulas with applications to financial time series ; the estimation of dependencies between multiple variables is a central problem in the analysis of financial time series . a common approach is to express these dependencies in terms of a copula function . typically the copula function is assumed to be constant but this may be inaccurate when there are covariates that could have a large influence on the dependence structure of the data . to account for this , a bayesian framework ←
→ learning image representations by completing damaged jigsaw puzzles ; in this paper , we explore methods of complicating self - supervised tasks for representation learning . that is , we do severe damage to data and encourage a network to recover them . first , we complicate each of three powerful self - supervised task candidates : jigsaw puzzle , inpainting , and colorization . in addition , we introduce a novel complicated self - supervised task called " completing damaged jigsaw puzzles " which is puzzles with one piece ←
→ metric embedding for nearest neighbor classification ; the distance metric plays an important role in nearest neighbor ( nn ) classification . usually the euclidean distance metric is assumed or a mahalanobis distance metric is optimized to improve the nn performance . in this paper , we study the problem of embedding arbitrary metric spaces into a euclidean space with the goal to improve the accuracy of the nn classifier . we propose a solution by appealing to the framework of regularization in a reproducing ker ←
→ using frame theoretic convolutional gridding for robust synthetic aperture sonar imaging ; recent progress in synthetic aperture sonar ( sas ) technology and processing has led to significant advances in underwater imaging , outperforming previously common approaches in both accuracy and efficiency . there are , however , inherent limitations to current sas reconstruction methodology . in particular , popular and efficient fourier domain sas methods require a 2d interpolation which is often ill conditioned and in ←
→ propositional independence - formula - variable independence and forgetting ; independence -- the study of what is relevant to a given problem of reasoning -- has received an increasing attention from the ai community . in this paper , we consider two basic forms of independence , namely , a syntactic one and a semantic one . we show features and drawbacks of them . in particular , while the syntactic form of independence is computationally easy to check , there are cases in which things that intuitively are not re ←
→ a deep representation for depth images from synthetic data ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) trained on large scale rgb databases have become the secret sauce in the majority of recent approaches for object categorization from rgb - d data . thanks to colorization techniques , these methods exploit the filters learned from 2d images to extract meaningful representations in 2 . 5d . still , the perceptual signature of these two kind of images is very different , with the first usually strongly characterized by t ←
→ fast bounded online gradient descent algorithms for scalable kernel - based online learning ; kernel - based online learning has often shown state - of - the - art performance for many online learning tasks . it , however , suffers from a major shortcoming , that is , the unbounded number of support vectors , making it non - scalable and unsuitable for applications with large - scale datasets . in this work , we study the problem of bounded kernel - based online learning that aims to constrain the number of support vectors by a ←
→ barzilai - borwein step size for stochastic gradient descent ; one of the major issues in stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) methods is how to choose an appropriate step size while running the algorithm . since the traditional line search technique does not apply for stochastic optimization algorithms , the common practice in sgd is either to use a diminishing step size , or to tune a fixed step size by hand , which can be time consuming in practice . in this paper , we propose to use the barzilai - borwein ( bb ) metho ←
→ fast integral image estimation at 1 % measurement rate ; we propose a framework called refine to directly obtain integral image estimates from a very small number of spatially multiplexed measurements of the scene without iterative reconstruction of any auxiliary image , and demonstrate their practical utility in visual object tracking . specifically , we design measurement matrices which are tailored to facilitate extremely fast estimation of the integral image , by using a single - shot linear operation on the m ←
→ learning to segment via cut - and - paste ; this paper presents a weakly - supervised approach to object instance segmentation . starting with known or predicted object bounding boxes , we learn object masks by playing a game of cut - and - paste in an adversarial learning setup . a mask generator takes a detection box and faster r - cnn features , and constructs a segmentation mask that is used to cut - and - paste the object into a new image location . the discriminator tries to distinguish between real objects , and those cut ←
→ from deterministic to generative : multi - modal stochastic rnns for video captioning ; video captioning in essential is a complex natural process , which is affected by various uncertainties stemming from video content , subjective judgment , etc . in this paper we build on the recent progress in using encoder - decoder framework for video captioning and address what we find to be a critical deficiency of the existing methods , that most of the decoders propagate deterministic hidden states . such complex uncertain ←
→ the microsoft 2016 conversational speech recognition system ; we describe microsoft ' s conversational speech recognition system , in which we combine recent developments in neural - network - based acoustic and language modeling to advance the state of the art on the switchboard recognition task . inspired by machine learning ensemble techniques , the system uses a range of convolutional and recurrent neural networks . i - vector modeling and lattice - free mmi training provide significant gains for all acoustic model a ←
→ macs : an agent - based memetic multiobjective optimization algorithm applied to space trajectory design ; this paper presents an algorithm for multiobjective optimization that blends together a number of heuristics . a population of agents combines heuristics that aim at exploring the search space both globally and in a neighborhood of each agent . these heuristics are complemented with a combination of a local and global archive . the novel agent - based algorithm is tested at first on a set of standard proble ←
→ evolvability need not imply learnability ; we show that boolean functions expressible as monotone disjunctive normal forms are pac - evolvable under a uniform distribution on the boolean cube if the hypothesis size is allowed to remain fixed . we further show that this result is insufficient to prove the pac - learnability of monotone boolean functions , thereby demonstrating a counter - example to a recent claim to the contrary . we further discuss scenarios wherein evolvability and learnability will coincide as we ←
→ parallel implementation of efficient search schemes for the inference of cancer progression models ; the emergence and development of cancer is a consequence of the accumulation over time of genomic mutations involving a specific set of genes , which provides the cancer clones with a functional selective advantage . in this work , we model the order of accumulation of such mutations during the progression , which eventually leads to the disease , by means of probabilistic graphic models , i . e ., bayesian network ←
→ the cumulative distribution transform and linear pattern classification ; discriminating data classes emanating from sensors is an important problem with many applications in science and technology . we describe a new transform for pattern identification that interprets patterns as probability density functions , and has special properties with regards to classification . the transform , which we denote as the cumulative distribution transform ( cdt ) is invertible , with well defined forward and inverse operation ←
→ semi - supervised data representation via affinity graph learning ; we consider the general problem of utilizing both labeled and unlabeled data to improve data representation performance . a new semi - supervised learning framework is proposed by combing manifold regularization and data representation methods such as non negative matrix factorization and sparse coding . we adopt unsupervised data representation methods as the learning machines because they do not depend on the labeled data , which can improve mac ←
→ fracking deep convolutional image descriptors ; in this paper we propose a novel framework for learning local image descriptors in a discriminative manner . for this purpose we explore a siamese architecture of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ), with a hinge embedding loss on the l2 distance between descriptors . since a siamese architecture uses pairs rather than single image patches to train , there exist a large number of positive samples and an exponential number of negative samples . we propose to e ←
→ recurrent attentional networks for saliency detection ; convolutional - deconvolution networks can be adopted to perform end - to - end saliency detection . but , they do not work well with objects of multiple scales . to overcome such a limitation , in this work , we propose a recurrent attentional convolutional - deconvolution network ( racdnn ). using spatial transformer and recurrent network units , racdnn is able to iteratively attend to selected image sub - regions to perform saliency refinement progressively . besides ←
→ hierarchical variational models ; black box variational inference allows researchers to easily prototype and evaluate an array of models . recent advances allow such algorithms to scale to high dimensions . however , a central question remains : how to specify an expressive variational distribution that maintains efficient computation ? to address this , we develop hierarchical variational models ( hvms ). hvms augment a variational approximation with a prior on its parameters , which allows it to capture complex st ←
→ annotation and detection of emotion in text - based dialogue systems with cnn ; knowledge of users ' emotion states helps improve human - computer interaction . in this work , we presented emonet , an emotion detector of chinese daily dialogues based on deep convolutional neural networks . in order to maintain the original linguistic features , such as the order , commonly used methods like segmentation and keywords extraction were not adopted , instead we increased the depth of cnn and tried to let cnn learn inner l ←
→ provable tensor factorization with missing data ; we study the problem of low - rank tensor factorization in the presence of missing data . we ask the following question : how many sampled entries do we need , to efficiently and exactly reconstruct a tensor with a low - rank orthogonal decomposition ? we propose a novel alternating minimization based method which iteratively refines estimates of the singular vectors . we show that under certain standard assumptions , our method can recover a three - mode $ n \ times n \ tim ←
→ a spectral method for community detection in moderately - sparse degree - corrected stochastic block models ; we consider community detection in degree - corrected stochastic block models ( dc - sbm ). we propose a spectral clustering algorithm based on a suitably normalized adjacency matrix . we show that this algorithm consistently recovers the block - membership of all but a vanishing fraction of nodes , in the regime where the lowest degree is of order log $( n )$ or higher . recovery succeeds even for very heterogeneo ←
→ generative models for learning from crowds ; in this paper , we propose generative probabilistic models for label aggregation . we use gibbs sampling and a novel variational inference algorithm to perform the posterior inference . empirical results show that our methods consistently outperform state - of - the - art methods .←
→ the dem @ care experiments and datasets : a technical report ; the objective of dem @ care is the development of a complete system providing personal health services to people with dementia , as well as medical professionals and caregivers , by using a multitude of sensors , for context - aware , multi - parametric monitoring of lifestyle , ambient environment , and health parameters . multi - sensor data analysis , combined with intelligent decision making mechanisms , will allow an accurate representation of the person ' s cur ←
→ tracking tetrahymena pyriformis cells using decision trees ; matching cells over time has long been the most difficult step in cell tracking . in this paper , we approach this problem by recasting it as a classification problem . we construct a feature set for each cell , and compute a feature difference vector between a cell in the current frame and a cell in a previous frame . then we determine whether the two cells represent the same cell over time by training decision trees as our binary classifiers . with th ←
→ selecting uncertainty calculi and granularity : an experiment in trading - off precision and complexity ; the management of uncertainty in expert systems has usually been left to ad hoc representations and rules of combinations lacking either a sound theory or clear semantics . the objective of this paper is to establish a theoretical basis for defining the syntax and semantics of a small subset of calculi of uncertainty operating on a given term set of linguistic statements of likelihood . each calculus is de ←
→ distributed agreement in tile self - assembly ; laboratory investigations have shown that a formal theory of fault - tolerance will be essential to harness nanoscale self - assembly as a medium of computation . several researchers have voiced an intuition that self - assembly phenomena are related to the field of distributed computing . this paper formalizes some of that intuition . we construct tile assembly systems that are able to simulate the solution of the wait - free consensus problem in some distributed systems .←
→ multivariate lstm - fcns for time series classification ; over the past decade , multivariate time series classification has been receiving a lot of attention . we propose augmenting the existing univariate time series classification models , lstm - fcn and alstm - fcn with a squeeze and excitation block to further improve performance . our proposed models outperform most of the state of the art models while requiring minimum preprocessing . the proposed models work efficiently on various complex multivariate time ser ←
→ decoding finger movements from ecog signals using switching linear models ; one of the major challenges of ecog - based brain - machine interfaces is the movement prediction of a human subject . several methods exist to predict an arm 2 - d trajectory . the fourth bci competition gives a dataset in which the aim is to predict individual finger movements ( 5 - d trajectory ). the difficulty lies in the fact that there is no simple relation between ecog signals and finger movement . we propose in this paper to decode fi ←
→ masking strategies for image manifolds ; we consider the problem of selecting an optimal mask for an image manifold , i . e ., choosing a subset of the pixels of the image that preserves the manifold ' s geometric structure present in the original data . such masking implements a form of compressive sensing through emerging imaging sensor platforms for which the power expense grows with the number of pixels acquired . our goal is for the manifold learned from masked images to resemble its full image counterpart as ←
→ aircraft fuselage defect detection using deep neural networks ; to ensure flight safety of aircraft structures , it is necessary to have regular maintenance using visual and nondestructive inspection ( ndi ) methods . in this paper , we propose an automatic image - based aircraft defect detection using deep neural networks ( dnns ). to the best of our knowledge , this is the first work for aircraft defect detection using dnns . we perform a comprehensive evaluation of state - of - the - art feature descriptors and show that ←
→ megaman : manifold learning with millions of points ; manifold learning is a class of algorithms seeking a low - dimensional non - linear representation of high - dimensional data . thus manifold learning algorithms are , at least in theory , most applicable to high - dimensional data and sample sizes to enable accurate estimation of the manifold . despite this , most existing manifold learning implementations are not particularly scalable . here we present a python package that implements a variety of manifold learning a ←
→ discovering latent network structure in point process data ; networks play a central role in modern data analysis , enabling us to reason about systems by studying the relationships between their parts . most often in network analysis , the edges are given . however , in many systems it is difficult or impossible to measure the network directly . examples of latent networks include economic interactions linking financial instruments and patterns of reciprocity in gang violence . in these cases , we are limited to n ←
→ timeml - strict : clarifying temporal annotation ; timeml is an xml - based schema for annotating temporal information over discourse . the standard has been used to annotate a variety of resources and is followed by a number of tools , the creation of which constitute hundreds of thousands of man - hours of research work . however , the current state of resources is such that many are not valid , or do not produce valid output , or contain ambiguous or custom additions and removals . difficulties arising from these vari ←
→ reasoning within fuzzy description logics ; description logics ( dls ) are suitable , well - known , logics for managing structured knowledge . they allow reasoning about individuals and well defined concepts , i . e ., set of individuals with common properties . the experience in using dls in applications has shown that in many cases we would like to extend their capabilities . in particular , their use in the context of multimedia information retrieval ( mir ) leads to the convincement that such dls should allow the trea ←
→ investigating the detection of adverse drug events in a uk general practice electronic health - care database ; data - mining techniques have frequently been developed for spontaneous reporting databases . these techniques aim to find adverse drug events accurately and efficiently . spontaneous reporting databases are prone to missing information , under reporting and incorrect entries . this often results in a detection lag or prevents the detection of some adverse drug events . these limitations do not occur in ←
→ neural networks architecture evaluation in a quantum computer ; in this work , we propose a quantum algorithm to evaluate neural networks architectures named quantum neural network architecture evaluation ( qnnae ). the proposed algorithm is based on a quantum associative memory and the learning algorithm for artificial neural networks . unlike conventional algorithms for evaluating neural network architectures , qnnae does not depend on initialization of weights . the proposed algorithm has a binary output and r ←
→ quels formalismes temporels pour représenter des connaissances extraites de textes de recettes de cuisine ? ; the taaable projet goal is to create a case - based reasoning system for retrieval and adaptation of cooking recipes . within this framework , we are discussing the temporal aspects of recipes and the means of representing those in order to adapt their text .←
→ beyond one - step - ahead forecasting : evaluation of alternative multi - step - ahead forecasting models for crude oil prices ; an accurate prediction of crude oil prices over long future horizons is challenging and of great interest to governments , enterprises , and investors . this paper proposes a revised hybrid model built upon empirical mode decomposition ( emd ) based on the feed - forward neural network ( fnn ) modeling framework incorporating the slope - based method ( sbm ), which is capable of capturing the complex ←
→ computing with contextual numbers ; self organizing map ( som ) has been applied into several classical modeling tasks including clustering , classification , function approximation and visualization of high dimensional spaces . the final products of a trained som are a set of ordered ( low dimensional ) indices and their associated high dimensional weight vectors . while in the above - mentioned applications , the final high dimensional weight vectors play the primary role in the computational steps , from a certain p ←
→ auto - context convolutional neural network ( auto - net ) for brain extraction in magnetic resonance imaging ; brain extraction or whole brain segmentation is an important first step in many of the neuroimage analysis pipelines . the accuracy and robustness of brain extraction , therefore , is crucial for the accuracy of the entire brain analysis process . with the aim of designing a learning - based , geometry - independent and registration - free brain extraction tool in this study , we present a technique based on an a ←
→ multi layer analysis ; this thesis presents a new methodology to analyze one - dimensional signals trough a new approach called multi layer analysis , for short mla . it also provides some new insights on the relationship between one - dimensional signals processed by mla and tree kernels , test of randomness and signal processing techniques . the mla approach has a wide range of application to the fields of pattern discovery and matching , computational biology and many other areas of computer science and signal pr ←
→ towards accurate deceptive opinion spam detection based on word order - preserving cnn ; nowadays , deep learning has been widely used . in natural language learning , the analysis of complex semantics has been achieved because of its high degree of flexibility . the deceptive opinions detection is an important application area in deep learning model , and related mechanisms have been given attention and researched . on - line opinions are quite short , varied types and content . in order to effectively identify dece ←
→ practical challenges in explicit ethical machine reasoning ; we examine implemented systems for ethical machine reasoning with a view to identifying the practical challenges ( as opposed to philosophical challenges ) posed by the area . we identify a need for complex ethical machine reasoning not only to be multi - objective , proactive , and scrutable but that it must draw on heterogeneous evidential reasoning . we also argue that , in many cases , it needs to operate in real time and be verifiable . we propose a gen ←
→ an iterative transfer learning based ensemble technique for automatic short answer grading ; automatic short answer grading ( asag ) techniques are designed to automatically assess short answers to questions in natural language , having a length of a few words to a few sentences . supervised asag techniques have been demonstrated to be effective but suffer from a couple of key practical limitations . they are greatly reliant on instructor provided model answers and need labeled training data in the form of gra ←
→ on partially controlled multi - agent systems ; motivated by the control theoretic distinction between controllable and uncontrollable events , we distinguish between two types of agents within a multi - agent system : controllable agents , which are directly controlled by the system ' s designer , and uncontrollable agents , which are not under the designer ' s direct control . we refer to such systems as partially controlled multi - agent systems , and we investigate how one might influence the behavior of the uncontrolle ←
→ potential - based shaping and q - value initialization are equivalent ; shaping has proven to be a powerful but precarious means of improving reinforcement learning performance . ng , harada , and russell ( 1999 ) proposed the potential - based shaping algorithm for adding shaping rewards in a way that guarantees the learner will learn optimal behavior . in this note , we prove certain similarities between this shaping algorithm and the initialization step required for several reinforcement learning algorithms . more spe ←
→ dependence measure for non - additive model ; we proposed a new statistical dependency measure called copula dependency coefficient ( cdc ) for two sets of variables based on copula . it is robust to outliers , easy to implement , powerful and appropriate to high - dimensional variables . these properties are important in many applications . experimental results show that cdc can detect the dependence between variables in both additive and non - additive models .←
→ a multi - agents architecture to learn vision operators and their parameters ; in a vision system , every task needs that the operators to apply should be {\ guillemotleft } well chosen {\ guillemotright } and their parameters should be also {\ guillemotleft } well adjusted {\ guillemotright }. the diversity of operators and the multitude of their parameters constitute a big challenge for users . as it is very difficult to make the {\ guillemotleft } right {\ guillemotright } choice , lack of a specific rule , many disadva ←
→ asperix , a first order forward chaining approach for answer set computing ; the natural way to use answer set programming ( asp ) to represent knowledge in artificial intelligence or to solve a combinatorial problem is to elaborate a first order logic program with default negation . in a preliminary step this program with variables is translated in an equivalent propositional one by a first tool : the grounder . then , the propositional program is given to a second tool : the solver . this last one computes ( if t ←
→ deep neural ensemble for retinal vessel segmentation in fundus images towards achieving label - free angiography ; automated segmentation of retinal blood vessels in label - free fundus images entails a pivotal role in computed aided diagnosis of ophthalmic pathologies , viz ., diabetic retinopathy , hypertensive disorders and cardiovascular diseases . the challenge remains active in medical image analysis research due to varied distribution of blood vessels , which manifest variations in their dimensions of physi ←
→ swarm - based spatial sorting ; purpose : to present an algorithm for spatially sorting objects into an annular structure . design / methodology / approach : a swarm - based model that requires only stochastic agent behaviour coupled with a pheromone - inspired " attraction - repulsion " mechanism . findings : the algorithm consistently generates high - quality annular structures , and is particularly powerful in situations where the initial configuration of objects is similar to those observed in nature . research limitations / im ←
→ geometry of online packing linear programs ; we consider packing lp ' s with $ m $ rows where all constraint coefficients are normalized to be in the unit interval . the n columns arrive in random order and the goal is to set the corresponding decision variables irrevocably when they arrive so as to obtain a feasible solution maximizing the expected reward . previous ( 1 - \ epsilon )- competitive algorithms require the right - hand side of the lp to be omega (( m /\ epsilon ^ 2 ) log ( n /\ epsilon )), a bound that worsens with ←
→ low - dose ct with a residual encoder - decoder convolutional neural network ( red - cnn ) ; given the potential x - ray radiation risk to the patient , low - dose ct has attracted a considerable interest in the medical imaging field . the current main stream low - dose ct methods include vendor - specific sinogram domain filtration and iterative reconstruction , but they need to access original raw data whose formats are not transparent to most users . due to the difficulty of modeling the statistical characteristics in the ←
→ clustering subgaussian mixtures by semidefinite programming ; we introduce a model - free relax - and - round algorithm for k - means clustering based on a semidefinite relaxation due to peng and wei . the algorithm interprets the sdp output as a denoised version of the original data and then rounds this output to a hard clustering . we provide a generic method for proving performance guarantees for this algorithm , and we analyze the algorithm in the context of subgaussian mixture models . we also study the fundamenta ←
→ rule of thumb : deep derotation for improved fingertip detection ; we investigate a novel global orientation regression approach for articulated objects using a deep convolutional neural network . this is integrated with an in - plane image derotation scheme , derot , to tackle the problem of per - frame fingertip detection in depth images . the method reduces the complexity of learning in the space of articulated poses which is demonstrated by using two distinct state - of - the - art learning based hand pose estimation ←
→ an architecture for deep , hierarchical generative models ; we present an architecture which lets us train deep , directed generative models with many layers of latent variables . we include deterministic paths between all latent variables and the generated output , and provide a richer set of connections between computations for inference and generation , which enables more effective communication of information throughout the model during training . to improve performance on natural images , we incorporate a lig ←
→ a review on algorithms for constraint - based causal discovery ; causal discovery studies the problem of mining causal relationships between variables from data , which is of primary interest in science . during the past decades , significant amount of progresses have been made toward this fundamental data mining paradigm . recent years , as the availability of abundant large - sized and complex observational data , the constrain - based approaches have gradually attracted a lot of interest and have been widely applied ←
→ knowledge discovery system for fiber reinforced polymer matrix composite laminate ; in this paper knowledge discovery system ( kds ) is proposed and implemented for the extraction of knowledge - mean stiffness of a polymer composite material in which when fibers are placed at different orientations . cosine amplitude method is implemented for retrieving compatible polymer matrix and reinforcement fiber which is coming under predicted fiber class , from the polymer and reinforcement database respectively , based ←
→ farthest - point heuristic based initialization methods for k - modes clustering ; the k - modes algorithm has become a popular technique in solving categorical data clustering problems in different application domains . however , the algorithm requires random selection of initial points for the clusters . different initial points often lead to considerable distinct clustering results . in this paper we present an experimental study on applying a farthest - point heuristic based initialization method to k - modes clust ←
→ rbir based on signature graph ; this paper approaches the image retrieval system on the base of visual features local region rbir ( region - based image retrieval ). first of all , the paper presents a method for extracting the interest points based on harris - laplace to create the feature region of the image . next , in order to reduce the storage space and speed up query image , the paper builds the binary signature structure to describe the visual content of image . based on the image ' s binary signature , the paper ←
→ surrogate - assisted partial order - based evolutionary optimisation ; in this paper , we propose a novel approach ( sapeo ) to support the survival selection process in multi - objective evolutionary algorithms with surrogate models - it dynamically chooses individuals to evaluate exactly based on the model uncertainty and the distinctness of the population . we introduce variants that differ in terms of the risk they allow when doing survival selection . here , the anytime performance of different sapeo variants is e ←
→ automation of feature engineering for iot analytics ; this paper presents an approach for automation of interpretable feature selection for internet of things analytics ( iota ) using machine learning ( ml ) techniques . authors have conducted a survey over different people involved in different iota based application development tasks . the survey reveals that feature selection is the most time consuming and niche skill demanding part of the entire workflow . this paper shows how feature selection is successfully ←
→ ear recognition with score - level fusion based on cmc in long - wave infrared spectrum ; only a few studies have been reported regarding human ear recognition in long wave infrared band . thus , we have created ear database based on long wave infrared band . we have called that the database is long wave infrared band midas consisting of 2430 records of 81 subjects . thermal band provides seamless operation both night and day , robust against spoofing with understanding live ear and invariant to illumination condi ←
→ discriminative recurrent sparse auto - encoders ; we present the discriminative recurrent sparse auto - encoder model , comprising a recurrent encoder of rectified linear units , unrolled for a fixed number of iterations , and connected to two linear decoders that reconstruct the input and predict its supervised classification . training via backpropagation - through - time initially minimizes an unsupervised sparse reconstruction error ; the loss function is then augmented with a discriminative term on the supervised c ←
→ turing ' s red flag ; sometime in the future we will have to deal with the impact of ai ' s being mistaken for humans . for this reason , i propose that any autonomous system should be designed so that it is unlikely to be mistaken for anything besides an autonomous sysem , and should identify itself at the start of any interaction with another agent .←
→ human body orientation estimation using convolutional neural network ; personal robots are expected to interact with the user by recognizing the user ' s face . however , in most of the service robot applications , the user needs to move himself / herself to allow the robot to see him / her face to face . to overcome such limitations , a method for estimating human body orientation is required . previous studies used various components such as feature extractors and classification models to classify the orientation whi ←
→ planning in pomdps using multiplicity automata ; planning and learning in partially observable mdps ( pomdps ) are among the most challenging tasks in both the ai and operation research communities . although solutions to these problems are intractable in general , there might be special cases , such as structured pomdps , which can be solved efficiently . a natural and possibly efficient way to represent a pomdp is through the predictive state representation ( psr ) - a representation which recently has been receiv ←
→ value iteration with options and state aggregation ; this paper presents a way of solving markov decision processes that combines state abstraction and temporal abstraction . specifically , we combine state aggregation with the options framework and demonstrate that they work well together and indeed it is only after one combines the two that the full benefit of each is realized . we introduce a hierarchical value iteration algorithm where we first coarsely solve subgoals and then use these approximate solutio ←
→ natural language parsing as statistical pattern recognition ; traditional natural language parsers are based on rewrite rule systems developed in an arduous , time - consuming manner by grammarians . a majority of the grammarian ' s efforts are devoted to the disambiguation process , first hypothesizing rules which dictate constituent categories and relationships among words in ambiguous sentences , and then seeking exceptions and corrections to these rules . in this work , i propose an automatic method for acquiri ←
→ psychologically based virtual - suspect for interrogative interview training ; in this paper , we present a virtual - suspect system which can be used to train inexperienced law enforcement personnel in interrogation strategies . the system supports different scenario configurations based on historical data . the responses presented by the virtual - suspect are selected based on the psychological state of the suspect , which can be configured as well . furthermore , each interrogator ' s statement affects the virtual - s ←
→ multilingual multi - modal embeddings for natural language processing ; we propose a novel discriminative model that learns embeddings from multilingual and multi - modal data , meaning that our model can take advantage of images and descriptions in multiple languages to improve embedding quality . to that end , we introduce a modification of a pairwise contrastive estimation optimisation function as our training objective . we evaluate our embeddings on an image - sentence ranking ( isr ), a semantic textual similarit ←
→ variable selection for latent dirichlet allocation ; in latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ), topics are multinomial distributions over the entire vocabulary . however , the vocabulary usually contains many words that are not relevant in forming the topics . we adopt a variable selection method widely used in statistical modeling as a dimension reduction tool and combine it with lda . in this variable selection model for lda ( vslda ), topics are multinomial distributions over a subset of the vocabulary , and by excl ←
→ framework for learning agents in quantum environments ; in this paper we provide a broad framework for describing learning agents in general quantum environments . we analyze the types of classically specified environments which allow for quantum enhancements in learning , by contrasting environments to quantum oracles . we show that whether or not quantum improvements are at all possible depends on the internal structure of the quantum environment . if the environments are constructed and the internal structur ←
→ from cells to islands : an unified model of cellular parallel genetic algorithms ; this paper presents the anisotropic selection scheme for cellular genetic algorithms ( cga ). this new scheme allows to enhance diversity and to control the selective pressure which are two important issues in genetic algorithms , especially when trying to solve difficult optimization problems . varying the anisotropic degree of selection allows swapping from a cellular to an island model of parallel genetic algorithm . measures ←
→ a nuclear - norm model for multi - frame super - resolution reconstruction from video clips ; we propose a variational approach to obtain super - resolution images from multiple low - resolution frames extracted from video clips . first the displacement between the low - resolution frames and the reference frame are computed by an optical flow algorithm . then a low - rank model is used to construct the reference frame in high - resolution by incorporating the information of the low - resolution frames . the model has two ter ←
→ message passing multi - agent gans ; communicating and sharing intelligence among agents is an important facet of achieving artificial general intelligence . as a first step towards this challenge , we introduce a novel framework for image generation : message passing multi - agent generative adversarial networks ( mpm gans ). while gans have recently been shown to be very effective for image generation and other tasks , these networks have been limited to mostly single generator - discriminator networks . we show that ←
→ diving deep into clickbaits : who use them to what extents in which topics with what effects ? ; the use of alluring headlines ( clickbait ) to tempt the readers has become a growing practice nowadays . for the sake of existence in the highly competitive media industry , most of the on - line media including the mainstream ones , have started following this practice . although the wide - spread practice of clickbait makes the reader ' s reliability on media vulnerable , a large scale analysis to reveal this fact is stil ←
→ automatic tracker selection w . r . t object detection performance ; the tracking algorithm performance depends on video content . this paper presents a new multi - object tracking approach which is able to cope with video content variations . first the object detection is improved using kanade - lucas - tomasi ( klt ) feature tracking . second , for each mobile object , an appropriate tracker is selected among a klt - based tracker and a discriminative appearance - based tracker . this selection is supported by an online track ←
→ analysis of titles and readers for title generation centered on the readers ; the title of a document has two roles , to give a compact summary and to lead the reader to read the document . conventional title generation focuses on finding key expressions from the author ' s wording in the document to give a compact summary and pays little attention to the reader ' s interest . to make the title play its second role properly , it is indispensable to clarify the content (`` what to say '') and wording (`` how to say ''←
→ relative expressiveness of defeasible logics ; we address the relative expressiveness of defeasible logics in the framework dl . relative expressiveness is formulated as the ability to simulate the reasoning of one logic within another logic . we show that such simulations must be modular , in the sense that they also work if applied only to part of a theory , in order to achieve a useful notion of relative expressiveness . we present simulations showing that logics in dl with and without the capability of team ←
→ segmenting sky pixels in images ; outdoor scene parsing models are often trained on ideal datasets and produce quality results . however , this leads to a discrepancy when applied to the real world . the quality of scene parsing , particularly sky classification , decreases in night time images , images involving varying weather conditions , and scene changes due to seasonal weather . this project focuses on approaching these challenges by using a state - of - the - art model in conjunction with a non - ideal dataset : skyf ←
→ a simple method to improve initialization robustness for active contours driven by local region fitting energy ; active contour models based on local region fitting energy can segment images with intensity inhomogeneity effectively , but their segmentation results are easy to error if the initial contour is inappropriate . in this paper , we present a simple and universal method of improving the robustness of initial contour for these local fitting - based models . the core idea of proposed method is exchanging ←
→ saliency - guided video classification via adaptively weighted learning ; video classification is productive in many practical applications , and the recent deep learning has greatly improved its accuracy . however , existing works often model video frames indiscriminately , but from the view of motion , video frames can be decomposed into salient and non - salient areas naturally . salient and non - salient areas should be modeled with different networks , for the former present both appearance and motion information , ←
→ fast label embeddings for extremely large output spaces ; many modern multiclass and multilabel problems are characterized by increasingly large output spaces . for these problems , label embeddings have been shown to be a useful primitive that can improve computational and statistical efficiency . in this work we utilize a correspondence between rank constrained estimation and low dimensional label embeddings that uncovers a fast label embedding algorithm which works in both the multiclass and multilabel sett ←
→ deep learning for smile recognition ; inspired by recent successes of deep learning in computer vision , we propose a novel application of deep convolutional neural networks to facial expression recognition , in particular smile recognition . a smile recognition test accuracy of 99 . 45 % is achieved for the denver intensity of spontaneous facial action ( disfa ) database , significantly outperforming existing approaches based on hand - crafted features with accuracies ranging from 65 . 55 % to 79 . 67 %. the novelty of thi ←
→ fastventricle : cardiac segmentation with enet ; cardiac magnetic resonance ( cmr ) imaging is commonly used to assess cardiac structure and function . one disadvantage of cmr is that post - processing of exams is tedious . without automation , precise assessment of cardiac function via cmr typically requires an annotator to spend tens of minutes per case manually contouring ventricular structures . automatic contouring can lower the required time per patient by generating contour suggestions that can be lightly mod ←
→ acoustical quality assessment of the classroom environment ; teaching is one of the most important factors affecting any education system . many research efforts have been conducted to facilitate the presentation modes used by instructors in classrooms as well as provide means for students to review lectures through web browsers . other studies have been made to provide acoustical design recommendations for classrooms like room size and reverberation times . however , using acoustical features of classrooms as ←
→ measuring machine intelligence through visual question answering ; as machines have become more intelligent , there has been a renewed interest in methods for measuring their intelligence . a common approach is to propose tasks for which a human excels , but one which machines find difficult . however , an ideal task should also be easy to evaluate and not be easily gameable . we begin with a case study exploring the recently popular task of image captioning and its limitations as a task for measuring machine int ←
→ dynamic backtracking ; because of their occasional need to return to shallow points in a search tree , existing backtracking methods can sometimes erase meaningful progress toward solving a search problem . in this paper , we present a method by which backtrack points can be moved deeper in the search space , thereby avoiding this difficulty . the technique developed is a variant of dependency - directed backtracking that uses only polynomial space while still providing useful control information and retaining the ←
→ yet another adni machine learning paper ? paving the way towards fully - reproducible research on classification of alzheimer ' s disease ; in recent years , the number of papers on alzheimer ' s disease classification has increased dramatically , generating interesting methodological ideas on the use machine learning and feature extraction methods . however , practical impact is much more limited and , eventually , one could not tell which of these approaches are the most efficient . while over 90 \% of these works mak ←
→ coupled clustering : a method for detecting structural correspondence ; this paper proposes a new paradigm and computational framework for identification of correspondences between sub - structures of distinct composite systems . for this , we define and investigate a variant of traditional data clustering , termed coupled clustering , which simultaneously identifies corresponding clusters within two data sets . the presented method is demonstrated and evaluated for detecting topical correspondences in textual corp ←
→ learning to compose domain - specific transformations for data augmentation ; data augmentation is a ubiquitous technique for increasing the size of labeled training sets by leveraging task - specific data transformations that preserve class labels . while it is often easy for domain experts to specify individual transformations , constructing and tuning the more sophisticated compositions typically needed to achieve state - of - the - art results is a time - consuming manual task in practice . we propose a method for a ←
→ robocupsimdata : a robocup soccer research dataset ; robocup is an international scientific robot competition in which teams of multiple robots compete against each other . its different leagues provide many sources of robotics data , that can be used for further analysis and application of machine learning . this paper describes a large dataset from games of some of the top teams ( from 2016 and 2017 ) in robocup soccer simulation league ( 2d ), where teams of 11 robots ( agents ) compete against each other . overall ←
→ participation anticipating in elections using data mining methods ; anticipating the political behavior of people will be considerable help for election candidates to assess the possibility of their success and to be acknowledged about the public motivations to select them . in this paper , we provide a general schematic of the architecture of participation anticipating system in presidential election by using knn , classification tree and na \" ive bayes and tools orange based on crisp which had hopeful output .←
→ a multimodal biometric system using linear discriminant analysis for improved performance ; essentially a biometric system is a pattern recognition system which recognizes a user by determining the authenticity of a specific anatomical or behavioral characteristic possessed by the user . with the ever increasing integration of computers and internet into daily life style , it has become necessary to protect sensitive and personal data . this paper proposes a multimodal biometric system which incorporates mor ←
→ trial without error : towards safe reinforcement learning via human intervention ; ai systems are increasingly applied to complex tasks that involve interaction with humans . during training , such systems are potentially dangerous , as they haven ' t yet learned to avoid actions that could cause serious harm . how can an ai system explore and learn without making a single mistake that harms humans or otherwise causes serious damage ? for model - free reinforcement learning , having a human " in the loop " and ready t ←
→ a general framework for equivalences in answer - set programming by countermodels in the logic of here - and - there ; different notions of equivalence , such as the prominent notions of strong and uniform equivalence , have been studied in answer - set programming , mainly for the purpose of identifying programs that can serve as substitutes without altering the semantics , for instance in program optimization . such semantic comparisons are usually characterized by various selections of models in the logic of here - a ←
→ et - lda : joint topic modeling for aligning , analyzing and sensemaking of public events and their twitter feeds ; social media channels such as twitter have emerged as popular platforms for crowds to respond to public events such as speeches , sports and debates . while this promises tremendous opportunities to understand and make sense of the reception of an event from the social media , the promises come entwined with significant technical challenges . in particular , given an event and an associated large sca ←
→ generating abstractive summaries from meeting transcripts ; summaries of meetings are very important as they convey the essential content of discussions in a concise form . generally , it is time consuming to read and understand the whole documents . therefore , summaries play an important role as the readers are interested in only the important context of discussions . in this work , we address the task of meeting document summarization . automatic summarization systems on meeting conversations developed so far h ←
→ deep biaffine attention for neural dependency parsing ; this paper builds off recent work from kiperwasser & goldberg ( 2016 ) using neural attention in a simple graph - based dependency parser . we use a larger but more thoroughly regularized parser than other recent bilstm - based approaches , with biaffine classifiers to predict arcs and labels . our parser gets state of the art or near state of the art performance on standard treebanks for six different languages , achieving 95 . 7 % uas and 94 . 1 % las on the most po ←
→ block - parallel ida * for gpus ( extended manuscript ) ; we investigate gpu - based parallelization of iterative - deepening a * ( ida *). we show that straightforward thread - based parallelization techniques which were previously proposed for massively parallel simd processors perform poorly due to warp divergence and load imbalance . we propose block - parallel ida * ( bpida *), which assigns the search of a subtree to a block ( a group of threads with access to fast shared memory ) rather than a thread . on the 15 - puzzle , bp ←
→ identifying reference spans : topic modeling and word embeddings help ir ; the cl - scisumm 2016 shared task introduced an interesting problem : given a document d and a piece of text that cites d , how do we identify the text spans of d being referenced by the piece of text ? the shared task provided the first annotated dataset for studying this problem . we present an analysis of our continued work in improving our system ' s performance on this task . we demonstrate how topic models and word embeddings can be used ←
→ face recognition by fusion of local and global matching scores using ds theory : an evaluation with uni - classifier and multi - classifier paradigm ; faces are highly deformable objects which may easily change their appearance over time . not all face areas are subject to the same variability . therefore decoupling the information from independent areas of the face is of paramount importance to improve the robustness of any face recognition technique . this paper presents a robust face recognition technique base ←
→ methods for ordinal peer grading ; moocs have the potential to revolutionize higher education with their wide outreach and accessibility , but they require instructors to come up with scalable alternates to traditional student evaluation . peer grading -- having students assess each other -- is a promising approach to tackling the problem of evaluation at scale , since the number of " graders " naturally scales with the number of students . however , students are not trained in grading , which means that one cannot ←
→ partial labeled gastric tumor segmentation via patch - based reiterative learning ; gastric cancer is the second leading cause of cancer - related deaths worldwide , and the major hurdle in biomedical image analysis is the determination of the cancer extent . this assignment has high clinical relevance and would generally require vast microscopic assessment by pathologists . recent advances in deep learning have produced inspiring results on biomedical image segmentation , while its outcome is reliant on comprehe ←
→ gap safe screening rules for sparse - group - lasso ; in high dimensional settings , sparse structures are crucial for efficiency , either in term of memory , computation or performance . in some contexts , it is natural to handle more refined structures than pure sparsity , such as for instance group sparsity . sparse - group lasso has recently been introduced in the context of linear regression to enforce sparsity both at the feature level and at the group level . we adapt to the case of sparse - group lasso recent safe ←
→ digital business ecosystems : natural science paradigms ; a primary motivation for research in digital ecosystems is the desire to exploit the self - organising properties of natural ecosystems . ecosystems arc thought to be robust , scalable architectures that can automatically solve complex , dynamic problems . however , the biological processes that contribute to these properties have not been made explicit in digital ecosystem research . here , we introduce how biological properties contribute to the self - organis ←
→ memetic graph clustering ; it is common knowledge that there is no single best strategy for graph clustering , which justifies a plethora of existing approaches . in this paper , we present a general memetic algorithm , vieclus , to tackle the graph clustering problem . this algorithm can be adapted to optimize different objective functions . a key component of our contribution are natural recombine operators that employ ensemble clusterings as well as multi - level techniques . lastly , we combine these techniques wi ←
→ path planning with kinematic constraints for robot groups ; path planning for multiple robots is well studied in the ai and robotics communities . for a given discretized environment , robots need to find collision - free paths to a set of specified goal locations . robots can be fully anonymous , non - anonymous , or organized in groups . although powerful solvers for this abstract problem exist , they make simplifying assumptions by ignoring kinematic constraints , making it difficult to use the resulting plans on ac ←
→ semistability - based convergence analysis for paracontracting multiagent coordination optimization ; this sequential technical report extends some of the previous results we posted at arxiv : 1306 . 0225 .←
→ learning model - based planning from scratch ; conventional wisdom holds that model - based planning is a powerful approach to sequential decision - making . it is often very challenging in practice , however , because while a model can be used to evaluate a plan , it does not prescribe how to construct a plan . here we introduce the " imagination - based planner ", the first model - based , sequential decision - making agent that can learn to construct , evaluate , and execute plans . before any action , it can perform a variable ←
→ measuring global similarity between texts ; we propose a new similarity measure between texts which , contrary to the current state - of - the - art approaches , takes a global view of the texts to be compared . we have implemented a tool to compute our textual distance and conducted experiments on several corpuses of texts . the experiments show that our methods can reliably identify different global types of texts .←
→ ml4pg in computer algebra verification ; ml4pg is a machine - learning extension that provides statistical proof hints during the process of coq / ssreflect proof development . in this paper , we use ml4pg to find proof patterns in the coqeal library -- a library that was devised to verify the correctness of computer algebra algorithms . in particular , we use ml4pg to help us in the formalisation of an efficient algorithm to compute the inverse of triangular matrices .←
→ structured sparsity and generalization ; we present a data dependent generalization bound for a large class of regularized algorithms which implement structured sparsity constraints . the bound can be applied to standard squared - norm regularization , the lasso , the group lasso , some versions of the group lasso with overlapping groups , multiple kernel learning and other regularization schemes . in all these cases competitive results are obtained . a novel feature of our bound is that it can be applied in an infi ←
→ depthcut : improved depth edge estimation using multiple unreliable channels ; in the context of scene understanding , a variety of methods exists to estimate different information channels from mono or stereo images , including disparity , depth , and normals . although several advances have been reported in the recent years for these tasks , the estimated information is often imprecise particularly near depth discontinuities or creases . studies have however shown that precisely such depth edges carry critical ←
→ hierarchical cross network for person re - identification ; person re - identification ( person re - id ) aims at matching target person ( s ) grabbed from different and non - overlapping camera views . it plays an important role for public safety and has application in various tasks such as , human retrieval , human tracking , and activity analysis . in this paper , we propose a new network architecture called hierarchical cross network ( hcn ) to perform person re - id . in addition to the backbone model of a conventional cnn , h ←
→ neural net models for open - domain discourse coherence ; discourse coherence is strongly associated with text quality , making it important to natural language generation and understanding . yet existing models of coherence focus on measuring individual aspects of coherence ( lexical overlap , rhetorical structure , entity centering ) in narrow domains . in this paper , we describe domain - independent neural models of discourse coherence that are capable of measuring multiple aspects of coherence in existing senten ←
→ the complexity of modified instances ; in this paper we study the complexity of solving a problem when a solution of a similar instance is known . this problem is relevant whenever instances may change from time to time , and known solutions may not remain valid after the change . we consider two scenarios : in the first one , what is known is only a solution of the problem before the change ; in the second case , we assume that some additional information , found during the search for this solution , is also known .←
→ the natural gradient by analogy to signal whitening , and recipes and tricks for its use ; the natural gradient allows for more efficient gradient descent by removing dependencies and biases inherent in a function ' s parameterization . several papers present the topic thoroughly and precisely . it remains a very difficult idea to get your head around however . the intent of this note is to provide simple intuition for the natural gradient and its use . we review how an ill conditioned parameter space can underm ←
→ characterizing sparse connectivity patterns in neural networks ; we propose a novel way of reducing the number of parameters in the storage - hungry fully connected layers of a neural network by using pre - defined sparsity , where the majority of connections are absent prior to starting training . our results indicate that convolutional neural networks can operate without any loss of accuracy at less than half percent classification layer connection density , or less than 5 percent overall network connection dens ←
→ principal manifolds and nonlinear dimension reduction via local tangent space alignment ; nonlinear manifold learning from unorganized data points is a very challenging unsupervised learning and data visualization problem with a great variety of applications . in this paper we present a new algorithm for manifold learning and nonlinear dimension reduction . based on a set of unorganized data points sampled with noise from the manifold , we represent the local geometry of the manifold using tangent spaces lea ←
→ rough set based color channel selection ; color channel selection is essential for accurate segmentation of sky and clouds in images obtained from ground - based sky cameras . most prior works in cloud segmentation use threshold based methods on color channels selected in an ad - hoc manner . in this letter , we propose the use of rough sets for color channel selection in visible - light images . our proposed approach assesses color channels with respect to their contribution for segmentation , and identifies the most ←
→ fast and easy blind deblurring using an inverse filter and probe ; probe ( progressive removal of blur residual ) is a recursive framework for blind deblurring . using the elementary modified inverse filter at its core , probe ' s experimental performance meets or exceeds the state of the art , both visually and quantitatively . remarkably , probe lends itself to analysis that reveals its convergence properties . probe is motivated by recent ideas on progressive blind deblurring , but breaks away from previous researc ←
→ artificial learning in artificial memories ; memory refinements are designed below to detect those sequences of actions that have been repeated a given number n . subsequently such sequences are permitted to run without cpu involvement . this mimics human learning . actions are rehearsed and once learned , they are performed automatically without conscious involvement .←
→ sar image despeckling using a convolutional ; synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) images are often contaminated by a multiplicative noise known as speckle . speckle makes the processing and interpretation of sar images difficult . we propose a deep learning - based approach called , image despeckling convolutional neural network ( id - cnn ), for automatically removing speckle from the input noisy images . in particular , id - cnn uses a set of convolutional layers along with batch normalization and rectified linear unit ( re ←
→ unsupervised ensemble regression ; consider a regression problem where there is no labeled data and the only observations are the predictions $ f_i ( x_j )$ of $ m $ experts $ f_ { i }$ over many samples $ x_j $. with no knowledge on the accuracy of the experts , is it still possible to accurately estimate the unknown responses $ y_ { j }$? can one still detect the least or most accurate experts ? in this work we propose a framework to study these questions , based on the assumption that the $ m $ experts have uncorrelated devi ←
→ unsupervised adaptation with domain separation networks for robust speech recognition ; unsupervised domain adaptation of speech signal aims at adapting a well - trained source - domain acoustic model to the unlabeled data from target domain . this can be achieved by adversarial training of deep neural network ( dnn ) acoustic models to learn an intermediate deep representation that is both senone - discriminative and domain - invariant . specifically , the dnn is trained to jointly optimize the primary task of senone ←
→ n - gram and neural language models for discriminating similar languages ; this paper describes our submission ( named clac ) to the 2016 discriminating similar languages ( dsl ) shared task . we participated in the closed sub - task 1 ( set a ) with two separate machine learning techniques . the first approach is a character based convolution neural network with a bidirectional long short term memory ( bilstm ) layer ( clstm ), which achieved an accuracy of 78 . 45 % with minimal tuning . the second approach is a character - ba ←
→ analytical shape determination of fiber - like objects with virtual image correlation ; this paper reports a method allowing for the determination of the shape of deformed fiber - like objects . compared to existing methods , it provides analytical results including the local slope and curvature which are of first importance , for instance , in beam mechanics . the presented vic ( virtual image correlation ) method consists in looking for the best correlation between the image of the fiber - like object and a virtual ←
→ an improved video analysis using context based extension of lsh ; locality sensitive hashing ( lsh ) based algorithms have already shown their promise in finding approximate nearest neighbors in high dimen - sional data space . however , there are certain scenarios , as in sequential data , where the proximity of a pair of points cannot be captured without considering their surroundings or context . in videos , as for example , a particular frame is meaningful only when it is seen in the context of its preceding and ←
→ a survey on resilient machine learning ; machine learning based system are increasingly being used for sensitive tasks such as security surveillance , guiding autonomous vehicle , taking investment decisions , detecting and blocking network intrusion and malware etc . however , recent research has shown that machine learning models are venerable to attacks by adversaries at all phases of machine learning ( eg , training data collection , training , operation ). all model classes of machine learning systems can be mis ←
→ efficient attack graph analysis through approximate inference ; attack graphs provide compact representations of the attack paths that an attacker can follow to compromise network resources by analysing network vulnerabilities and topology . these representations are a powerful tool for security risk assessment . bayesian inference on attack graphs enables the estimation of the risk of compromise to the system ' s components given their vulnerabilities and interconnections , and accounts for multi - step attacks s ←
→ understanding and visualizing the district of columbia capital bikeshare system using data analysis for balancing purposes ; bike sharing systems ' popularity has consistently been rising during the past years . managing and maintaining these emerging systems are indispensable parts of these systems . visualizing the current operations can assist in getting a better grasp on the performance of the system . in this paper , a data mining approach is used to identify and visualize some important factors related t ←
→ spatial aggregation of holistically - nested convolutional neural networks for automated pancreas localization and segmentation ; accurate and automatic organ segmentation from 3d radiological scans is an important yet challenging problem for medical image analysis . specifically , the pancreas demonstrates very high inter - patient anatomical variability in both its shape and volume . in this paper , we present an automated system using 3d computed tomography ( ct ) volumes via a two - stage cascaded approach : pancr ←
→ on numerical approximation schemes for expectation propagation ; several numerical approximation strategies for the expectation - propagation algorithm are studied in the context of large - scale learning : the laplace method , a faster variant of it , gaussian quadrature , and a deterministic version of variational sampling ( i . e ., combining quadrature with variational approximation ). experiments in training linear binary classifiers show that the expectation - propagation algorithm converges best using variational s ←
→ noisy - or models with latent confounding ; given a set of experiments in which varying subsets of observed variables are subject to intervention , we consider the problem of identifiability of causal models exhibiting latent confounding . while identifiability is trivial when each experiment intervenes on a large number of variables , the situation is more complicated when only one or a few variables are subject to intervention per experiment . for linear causal models with latent variables hyttinen et al . ( 2010 ←
→ bayesian inference of recursive sequences of group activities from tracks ; we present a probabilistic generative model for inferring a description of coordinated , recursively structured group activities at multiple levels of temporal granularity based on observations of individuals ' trajectories . the model accommodates : ( 1 ) hierarchically structured groups , ( 2 ) activities that are temporally and compositionally recursive , ( 3 ) component roles assigning different subactivity dynamics to subgroups of partic ←
→ on the equivalence between kolmogorov - smirnov and roc curve metrics for binary classification ; binary decisions are very common in artificial intelligence . applying a threshold on the continuous score gives the human decider the power to control the operating point to separate the two classes . the classifier , s discriminating power is measured along the continuous range of the score by the area under the roc curve ( auc_roc ) in most application fields . only finances uses the poor single point metric maximu ←
→ anomaly detection on graph time series ; in this paper , we use variational recurrent neural network to investigate the anomaly detection problem on graph time series . the temporal correlation is modeled by the combination of recurrent neural network ( rnn ) and variational inference ( vi ), while the spatial information is captured by the graph convolutional network . in order to incorporate external factors , we use feature extractor to augment the transition of latent variables , which can learn the influence of ←
→ real - world repetition estimation by div , grad and curl ; we consider the problem of estimating repetition in video , such as performing push - ups , cutting a melon or playing violin . existing work shows good results under the assumption of static and stationary periodicity . as realistic video is rarely perfectly static and stationary , the often preferred fourier - based measurements is inapt . instead , we adopt the wavelet transform to better handle non - static and non - stationary video dynamics . from the flow fiel ←
→ surfnet : generating 3d shape surfaces using deep residual networks ; 3d shape models are naturally parameterized using vertices and faces , \ ie , composed of polygons forming a surface . however , current 3d learning paradigms for predictive and generative tasks using convolutional neural networks focus on a voxelized representation of the object . lifting convolution operators from the traditional 2d to 3d results in high computational overhead with little additional benefit as most of the geometry information ←
→ decomposition of uncertainty in bayesian deep learning for efficient and risk - sensitive learning ; bayesian neural networks with latent variables ( bnns + lvs ) are scalable and flexible probabilistic models : they account for uncertainty in the estimation of the network weights and , by making use of latent variables , they can capture complex noise patterns in the data . in this work , we show how to separate these two forms of uncertainty for decision - making purposes . this decomposition allows us to successfull ←
→ modeling creativity : case studies in python ; modeling creativity ( doctoral dissertation , 2013 ) explores how creativity can be represented using computational approaches . our aim is to construct computer models that exhibit creativity in an artistic context , that is , that are capable of generating or evaluating an artwork ( visual or linguistic ), an interesting new idea , a subjective opinion . the research was conducted in 2008 - 2012 at the computational linguistics research group ( clips , university of antwerp ←
→ adversarial risk and the dangers of evaluating against weak attacks ; this paper investigates recently proposed approaches for defending against adversarial examples and evaluating adversarial robustness . the existence of adversarial examples in trained neural networks reflects the fact that expected risk alone does not capture the model ' s performance against worst - case inputs . we motivate the use of adversarial risk as an objective , although it cannot easily be computed exactly . we then frame commonly used ←
→ neural relational inference for interacting systems ; interacting systems are prevalent in nature , from dynamical systems in physics to complex societal dynamics . the interplay of components can give rise to complex behavior , which can often be explained using a simple model of the system ' s constituent parts . in this work , we introduce the neural relational inference ( nri ) model : an unsupervised model that learns to infer interactions while simultaneously learning the dynamics purely from observational data ←
→ linearized kernel dictionary learning ; in this paper we present a new approach of incorporating kernels into dictionary learning . the kernel k - svd algorithm ( kksvd ), which has been introduced recently , shows an improvement in classification performance , with relation to its linear counterpart k - svd . however , this algorithm requires the storage and handling of a very large kernel matrix , which leads to high computational cost , while also limiting its use to setups with small number of training examples . we ←
→ a semi - definite programming approach to low dimensional embedding for unsupervised clustering ; this paper proposes a variant of the method of gu \' edon and verhynin for estimating the cluster matrix in the mixture of gaussians framework via semi - definite programming . a clustering oriented embedding is deduced from this estimate . the procedure is suitable for very high dimensional data because it is based on pairwise distances only . theoretical garantees are provided and an eigenvalue optimisation approach ←
→ a spectrum of applications of automated reasoning ; the likelihood of an automated reasoning program being of substantial assistance for a wide spectrum of applications rests with the nature of the options and parameters it offers on which to base needed strategies and methodologies . this article focuses on such a spectrum , featuring w . mccune ' s program otter , discussing widely varied successes in answering open questions , and touching on some of the strategies and methodologies that played a key role . the ←
→ learning to run with actor - critic ensemble ; we introduce an actor - critic ensemble ( ace ) method for improving the performance of deep deterministic policy gradient ( ddpg ) algorithm . at inference time , our method uses a critic ensemble to select the best action from proposals of multiple actors running in parallel . by having a larger candidate set , our method can avoid actions that have fatal consequences , while staying deterministic . using ace , we have won the 2nd place in nips ' 17 learning to run competition ,←
→ assessing the performance bounds of local feature detectors : taking inspiration from electronics design practices ; since local feature detection has been one of the most active research areas in computer vision , a large number of detectors have been proposed . this has rendered the task of characterizing the performance of various feature detection methods an important issue in vision research . inspired by the good practices of electronic system design , a generic framework based on the improved repeatabil ←
→ generative visual manipulation on the natural image manifold ; realistic image manipulation is challenging because it requires modifying the image appearance in a user - controlled way , while preserving the realism of the result . unless the user has considerable artistic skill , it is easy to " fall off " the manifold of natural images while editing . in this paper , we propose to learn the natural image manifold directly from data using a generative adversarial neural network . we then define a class of image edit ←
→ biologically inspired radio signal feature extraction with sparse denoising autoencoders ; automatic modulation classification ( amc ) is an important task for modern communication systems ; however , it is a challenging problem when signal features and precise models for generating each modulation may be unknown . we present a new biologically - inspired amc method without the need for models or manually specified features --- thus removing the requirement for expert prior knowledge . we accomplish this task usi ←
→ applicability and interpretation of the deterministic weighted cepstral distance ; quantifying similarity between data objects is an important part of modern data science . deciding what similarity measure to use is very application dependent . in this paper , we combine insights from systems theory and machine learning , and investigate the weighted cepstral distance , which was previously defined for signals coming from arma models . we provide an extension of this distance to invertible deterministic linear ←
→ the complexity of planning problems with simple causal graphs ; we present three new complexity results for classes of planning problems with simple causal graphs . first , we describe a polynomial - time algorithm that uses macros to generate plans for the class 3s of planning problems with binary state variables and acyclic causal graphs . this implies that plan generation may be tractable even when a planning problem has an exponentially long minimal solution . we also prove that the problem of plan existence ←
→ learning to order bdd variables in verification ; the size and complexity of software and hardware systems have significantly increased in the past years . as a result , it is harder to guarantee their correct behavior . one of the most successful methods for automated verification of finite - state systems is model checking . most of the current model - checking systems use binary decision diagrams ( bdds ) for the representation of the tested model and in the verification process of its properties . generally , bdds ←
→ tutorial on answering questions about images with deep learning ; together with the development of more accurate methods in computer vision and natural language understanding , holistic architectures that answer on questions about the content of real - world images have emerged . in this tutorial , we build a neural - based approach to answer questions about images . we base our tutorial on two datasets : ( mostly on ) daquar , and ( a bit on ) vqa . with small tweaks the models that we present here can achieve a competit ←
→ semantic representations of word senses and concepts ; representing the semantics of linguistic items in a machine - interpretable form has been a major goal of natural language processing since its earliest days . among the range of different linguistic items , words have attracted the most research attention . however , word representations have an important limitation : they conflate different meanings of a word into a single vector . representations of word senses have the potential to overcome this inherent li ←
→ information gathering in networks via active exploration ; how should we gather information in a network , where each node ' s visibility is limited to its local neighborhood ? this problem arises in numerous real - world applications , such as surveying and task routing in social networks , team formation in collaborative networks and experimental design with dependency constraints . often the informativeness of a set of nodes can be quantified via a submodular utility function . existing approaches for submodular o ←
→ properties of quasi - alphabetic tree bimorphisms ; we study the class of quasi - alphabetic relations , i . e ., tree transformations defined by tree bimorphisms with two quasi - alphabetic tree homomorphisms and a regular tree language . we present a canonical representation of these relations ; as an immediate consequence , we get the closure under union . also , we show that they are not closed under intersection and complement , and do not preserve most common operations on trees ( branches , subtrees , v - product , v - quot ←
→ application of k means clustering algorithm for prediction of students academic performance ; the ability to monitor the progress of students academic performance is a critical issue to the academic community of higher learning . a system for analyzing students results based on cluster analysis and uses standard statistical algorithms to arrange their scores data according to the level of their performance is described . in this paper , we also implemented k mean clustering algorithm for analyzing students r ←
→ classification of entities via their descriptive sentences ; hypernym identification of open - domain entities is crucial for taxonomy construction as well as many higher - level applications . current methods suffer from either low precision or low recall . to decrease the difficulty of this problem , we adopt a classification - based method . we pre - define a concept taxonomy and classify an entity to one of its leaf concept , based on the name and description information of the entity . a convolutional neural network ←
→ convolutional tables ensemble : classification in microseconds ; we study classifiers operating under severe classification time constraints , corresponding to 1 - 1000 cpu microseconds , using convolutional tables ensemble ( cte ), an inherently fast architecture for object category recognition . the architecture is based on convolutionally - applied sparse feature extraction , using trees or ferns , and a linear voting layer . several structure and optimization variants are considered , including novel decision functio ←
→ pathwise coordinate optimization for sparse learning : algorithm and theory ; the pathwise coordinate optimization is one of the most important computational frameworks for high dimensional convex and nonconvex sparse learning problems . it differs from the classical coordinate optimization algorithms in three salient features : {\ it warm start initialization }, {\ it active set updating }, and {\ it strong rule for coordinate preselection }. such a complex algorithmic structure grants superior empirical performa ←
→ name strategy : its existence and implications ; it is argued that colour name strategy , object name strategy , and chunking strategy in memory are all aspects of the same general phenomena , called stereotyping . it is pointed out that the berlin - kay universal partial ordering of colours and the frequency of traffic accidents classified by colour are surprisingly similar . some consequences of the existence of a name strategy for the philosophy of language and mathematics are discussed . it is argued that real v ←
→ stacked denoising autoencoders and transfer learning for immunogold particles detection and recognition ; in this paper we present a system for the detection of immunogold particles and a transfer learning ( tl ) framework for the recognition of these immunogold particles . immunogold particles are part of a high - magnification method for the selective localization of biological molecules at the subcellular level only visible through electron microscopy . the number of immunogold particles in the cell walls al ←
→ matrix variate rbm model with gaussian distributions ; restricted boltzmann machine ( rbm ) is a particular type of random neural network models modeling vector data based on the assumption of bernoulli distribution . for multi - dimensional and non - binary data , it is necessary to vectorize and discretize the information in order to apply the conventional rbm . it is well - known that vectorization would destroy internal structure of data , and the binary units will limit the applying performance due to fickle real ←
→ optimal sparse kernel learning for hyperspectral anomaly detection ; in this paper , a novel framework of sparse kernel learning for support vector data description ( svdd ) based anomaly detection is presented . in this work , optimal sparse feature selection for anomaly detection is first modeled as a mixed integer programming ( mip ) problem . due to the prohibitively high computational complexity of the mip , it is relaxed into a quadratically constrained linear programming ( qclp ) problem . the qclp problem can t ←
→ background modelling using octree color quantization ; by assuming that the most frequently occuring color in a video or a region of a video i propose a new algorithm for detecting foreground objects in a video . the process of detecting the foreground objects is complicated because of the fact that there may be swaying trees , objects of the background being moved around or lighting changes in the video . to deal with such complexities many have come up with solutions which heavily rely on expensive floating ←
→ evolutionary approach to test generation for functional bist ; in the paper , an evolutionary approach to test generation for functional bist is considered . the aim of the proposed scheme is to minimize the test data volume by allowing the device ' s microprogram to test its logic , providing an observation structure to the system , and generating appropriate test data for the given architecture . two methods of deriving a deterministic test set at functional level are suggested . the first method is based on the ←
→ markovian entanglement networks ; graphical models of probabilistic dependencies have been extensively investigated in the context of classical uncertainty . however , in some domains ( most notably , in computational physics and quantum computing ) the nature of the relevant uncertainty is non - classical , and the laws of classical probability theory are superseded by those of quantum mechanics . in this paper we introduce markovian entanglement networks ( men ), a novel class of graphical representations of quantum ←
→ real - time human pose estimation from video with convolutional neural networks ; in this paper , we present a method for real - time multi - person human pose estimation from video by utilizing convolutional neural networks . our method is aimed for use case specific applications , where good accuracy is essential and variation of the background and poses is limited . this enables us to use a generic network architecture , which is both accurate and fast . we divide the problem into two phases : ( 1 ) pre - training and ←
→ variational bayesian inference for a scale mixture of normal distributions handling missing data ; in this paper , a scale mixture of normal distributions model is developed for classification and clustering of data having outliers and missing values . the classification method , based on a mixture model , focuses on the introduction of latent variables that gives us the possibility to handle sensitivity of model to outliers and to allow a less restrictive modelling of missing data . inference is processed thr ←
→ ab initio algorithmic causal deconvolution of intertwined programs and networks by generative mechanism ; to extract and learn representations leading to generative mechanisms from data , especially without making arbitrary decisions and biased assumptions , is a central challenge in most areas of scientific research particularly in connection to current major limitations of influential topics and methods of machine and deep learning as they have often lost sight of the model component . complex data is usua ←
→ sedar - semantic detection and ranging : humans can localise without lidar , can robots ? ; how does a person work out their location using a floorplan ? it is probably safe to say that we do not explicitly measure depths to every visible surface and try to match them against different pose estimates in the floorplan . and yet , this is exactly how most robotic scan - matching algorithms operate . similarly , we do not extrude the 2d geometry present in the floorplan into 3d and try to align it to the real - world . a ←
→ distributed data association in smart camera networks via dual decomposition ; one of the fundamental requirements for visual surveillance using smart camera networks is the correct association of each persons observations generated on different cameras . recently , distributed data association that involves only local information processing on each camera node and mutual information exchanging between neighboring cameras has attracted many research interests due to its superiority in large scale applicatio ←
→ accelerated sparse subspace clustering ; state - of - the - art algorithms for sparse subspace clustering perform spectral clustering on a similarity matrix typically obtained by representing each data point as a sparse combination of other points using either basis pursuit ( bp ) or orthogonal matching pursuit ( omp ). bp - based methods are often prohibitive in practice while the performance of omp - based schemes are unsatisfactory , especially in settings where data points are highly similar . in this paper , we propose ←
→ bridging the gap between reinforcement learning and knowledge representation : a logical off - and on - policy framework ; knowledge representation is important issue in reinforcement learning . in this paper , we bridge the gap between reinforcement learning and knowledge representation , by providing a rich knowledge representation framework , based on normal logic programs with answer set semantics , that is capable of solving model - free reinforcement learning problems for more complex do - mains and exploits the ←
→ the web as a knowledge - base for answering complex questions ; answering complex questions is a time - consuming activity for humans that requires reasoning and integration of information . recent work on reading comprehension made headway in answering simple questions , but tackling complex questions is still an ongoing research challenge . conversely , semantic parsers have been successful at handling compositionality , but only when the information resides in a target knowledge - base . in this paper , we present a ←
→ rendering refraction and reflection of eyeglasses for synthetic eye tracker images ; while for the evaluation of robustness of eye tracking algorithms the use of real - world data is essential , there are many applications where simulated , synthetic eye images are of advantage . they can generate labelled ground - truth data for appearance based gaze estimation algorithms or enable the development of model based gaze estimation techniques by showing the influence on gaze estimation error of different model fact ←
→ semiblind subgraph reconstruction in gaussian graphical models ; consider a social network where only a few nodes ( agents ) have meaningful interactions in the sense that the conditional dependency graph over node attribute variables ( behaviors ) is sparse . a company that can only observe the interactions between its own customers will generally not be able to accurately estimate its customers ' dependency subgraph : it is blinded to any external interactions of its customers and this blindness creates false ed ←
→ crowdsourcing dialect characterization through twitter ; we perform a large - scale analysis of language diatopic variation using geotagged microblogging datasets . by collecting all twitter messages written in spanish over more than two years , we build a corpus from which a carefully selected list of concepts allows us to characterize spanish varieties on a global scale . a cluster analysis proves the existence of well defined macroregions sharing common lexical properties . remarkably enough , we find that span ←
→ cost - effective implementation of order - statistics based vector filters using minimax approximations ; vector operators based on robust order statistics have proved successful in digital multichannel imaging applications , particularly color image filtering and enhancement , in dealing with impulsive noise while preserving edges and fine image details . these operators often have very high computational requirements which limits their use in time - critical applications . this paper introduces techniques to spee ←
→ visual analytics of movement pattern based on time - spatial data : a neural net approach ; time - spatial data plays a crucial role for different fields such as traffic management . these data can be collected via devices such as surveillance sensors or tracking systems . however , how to efficiently an - alyze and visualize these data to capture essential embedded pattern information is becoming a big challenge today . classic visualization ap - proaches focus on revealing 2d and 3d spatial information and modelin ←
→ consistent multiple graph matching with multi - layer random walks synchronization ; we address the correspondence search problem among multiple graphs with complex properties while considering the matching consistency . we describe each pair of graphs by combining multiple attributes , then jointly match them in a unified framework . the main contribution of this paper is twofold . first , we formulate the global correspondence search problem of multi - attributed graphs by utilizing a set of multi - layer structur ←
→ fully convolutional networks for diabetic foot ulcer segmentation ; diabetic foot ulcer ( dfu ) is a major complication of diabetes , which if not managed properly can lead to amputation . dfu can appear anywhere on the foot and can vary in size , colour , and contrast depending on various pathologies . current clinical approaches to dfu treatment rely on patients and clinician vigilance , which has significant limitations such as the high cost involved in the diagnosis , treatment and lengthy care of the dfu . we in ←
→ convergence analysis of differential evolution variants on unconstrained global optimization functions ; in this paper , we present an empirical study on convergence nature of differential evolution ( de ) variants to solve unconstrained global optimization problems . the aim is to identify the competitive nature of de variants in solving the problem at their hand and compare . we have chosen fourteen benchmark functions grouped by feature : unimodal and separable , unimodal and nonseparable , multimodal and sepa ←
→ the influence of feature representation of text on the performance of document classification ; in this paper we perform a comparative analysis of three models for feature representation of text documents in the context of document classification . in particular , we consider the most often used family of models bag - of - words , recently proposed continuous space models word2vec and doc2vec , and the model based on the representation of text documents as language networks . while the bag - of - word models have been ←
→ structural causal models : cycles , marginalizations , exogenous reparametrizations and reductions ; structural causal models ( scms ), also known as non - parametric structural equation models ( np - sems ), are widely used for causal modeling purposes . in this paper , we give a rigorous treatment of structural causal models , dealing with measure - theoretic complications that arise in the presence of cyclic relations . the central question studied in this paper is : given a ( possibly cyclic ) scm defined on a large syst ←
→ parallelized tensor train learning of polynomial classifiers ; in pattern classification , polynomial classifiers are well - studied methods as they are capable of generating complex decision surfaces . unfortunately , the use of multivariate polynomials is limited to kernels as in support vector machines , because polynomials quickly become impractical for high - dimensional problems . in this paper , we effectively overcome the curse of dimensionality by employing the tensor train format to represent a polynomial c ←
→ speech : a challenge to digital signal processing technology for human - to - computer interaction ; this software project based paper is for a vision of the near future in which computer interaction is characterized by natural face - to - face conversations with lifelike characters that speak , emote , and gesture . the first step is speech . the dream of a true virtual reality , a complete human - computer interaction system will not come true unless we try to give some perception to machine and make it perceive the ou ←
→ jrc eurovoc indexer jex - a freely available multi - label categorisation tool ; eurovoc ( 2012 ) is a highly multilingual thesaurus consisting of over 6 , 700 hierarchically organised subject domains used by european institutions and many authorities in member states of the european union ( eu ) for the classification and retrieval of official documents . jex is jrc - developed multi - label classification software that learns from manually labelled data to automatically assign eurovoc descriptors to new documents in ←
→ keyvec : key - semantics preserving document representations ; previous studies have demonstrated the empirical success of word embeddings in various applications . in this paper , we investigate the problem of learning distributed representations for text documents which many machine learning algorithms take as input for a number of nlp tasks . we propose a neural network model , keyvec , which learns document representations with the goal of preserving key semantics of the input text . it enables the learned low ←
→ what do we learn about development from baby robots ? ; understanding infant development is one of the greatest scientific challenges of contemporary science . a large source of difficulty comes from the fact that the development of skills in infants results from the interactions of multiple mechanisms at multiple spatio - temporal scales . the concepts of " innate " or " acquired " are not any more adequate tools for explanations , which call for a shift from reductionist to systemic accounts . to address this challe ←
→ phylogenetic convolutional neural networks in metagenomics ; background : convolutional neural networks can be effectively used only when data are endowed with an intrinsic concept of neighbourhood in the input space , as is the case of pixels in images . we introduce here ph - cnn , a novel deep learning architecture for the classification of metagenomics data based on the convolutional neural networks , with the patristic distance defined on the phylogenetic tree being used as the proximity measure . the patristi ←
→ using centroidal voronoi tessellations to scale up the multi - dimensional archive of phenotypic elites algorithm ; the recently introduced multi - dimensional archive of phenotypic elites ( map - elites ) is an evolutionary algorithm capable of producing a large archive of diverse , high - performing solutions in a single run . it works by discretizing a continuous feature space into unique regions according to the desired discretization per dimension . while simple , this algorithm has a main drawback : it cannot scal ←
→ revisiting deep intrinsic image decompositions ; while invaluable for many computer vision applications , decomposing a natural image into intrinsic reflectance and shading layers represents a challenging , underdetermined inverse problem . as opposed to strict reliance on conventional optimization or filtering solutions with strong prior assumptions , deep learning - based approaches have also been proposed to compute intrinsic image decompositions when granted access to sufficient labeled training data . the dow ←
→ a robust rapid approach to image segmentation with optimal thresholding and watershed transform ; this paper describes a novel method for partitioning image into meaningful segments . the proposed method employs watershed transform , a well - known image segmentation technique . along with that , it uses various auxiliary schemes such as binary gradient masking , dilation which segment the image in proper way . the algorithm proposed in this paper considers all these methods in effective way and takes little time ←
→ exploring task mappings on heterogeneous mpsocs using a bias - elitist genetic algorithm ; exploration of task mappings plays a crucial role in achieving high performance in heterogeneous multi - processor system - on - chip ( mpsoc ) platforms . the problem of optimally mapping a set of tasks onto a set of given heterogeneous processors for maximal throughput has been known , in general , to be np - complete . the problem is further exacerbated when multiple applications ( i . e ., bigger task sets ) and the communication be ←
→ visual sentiment prediction with deep convolutional neural networks ; images have become one of the most popular types of media through which users convey their emotions within online social networks . although vast amount of research is devoted to sentiment analysis of textual data , there has been very limited work that focuses on analyzing sentiment of image data . in this work , we propose a novel visual sentiment prediction framework that performs image understanding with deep convolutional neural networks ←
→ feature encoding in band - limited distributed surveillance systems ; distributed surveillance systems have become popular in recent years due to security concerns . however , transmitting high dimensional data in bandwidth - limited distributed systems becomes a major challenge . in this paper , we address this issue by proposing a novel probabilistic algorithm based on the divergence between the probability distributions of the visual features in order to reduce their dimensionality and thus save the network band ←
→ spectral experts for estimating mixtures of linear regressions ; discriminative latent - variable models are typically learned using em or gradient - based optimization , which suffer from local optima . in this paper , we develop a new computationally efficient and provably consistent estimator for a mixture of linear regressions , a simple instance of a discriminative latent - variable model . our approach relies on a low - rank linear regression to recover a symmetric tensor , which can be factorized into the paramete ←
→ a deep learning framework using passive wifi sensing for respiration monitoring ; this paper presents an end - to - end deep learning framework using passive wifi sensing to classify and estimate human respiration activity . a passive radar test - bed is used with two channels where the first channel provides the reference wifi signal , whereas the other channel provides a surveillance signal that contains reflections from the human target . adaptive filtering is performed to make the surveillance signal source - da ←
→ on learning the structure of bayesian networks and submodular function maximization ; learning the structure of dependencies among multiple random variables is a problem of considerable theoretical and practical interest . in practice , score optimisation with multiple restarts provides a practical and surprisingly successful solution , yet the conditions under which this may be a well founded strategy are poorly understood . in this paper , we prove that the problem of identifying the structure of a bayesian ←
→ deep learning based speech beamforming ; multi - channel speech enhancement with ad - hoc sensors has been a challenging task . speech model guided beamforming algorithms are able to recover natural sounding speech , but the speech models tend to be oversimplified or the inference would otherwise be too complicated . on the other hand , deep learning based enhancement approaches are able to learn complicated speech distributions and perform efficient inference , but they are unable to deal with variable number of in ←
→ misfire detection in ic engine using kstar algorithm ; misfire in an ic engine continues to be a problem leading to reduced fuel efficiency , increased power loss and emissions containing heavy concentration of hydrocarbons . misfiring creates a unique vibration pattern attributed to a particular cylinder . useful features can be extracted from these patterns and can be analyzed to detect misfire . statistical features from these vibration signals were extracted . out of these , useful features were identified us ←
→ colorimetric calibration of a digital camera ; in this paper , we introduce a novel - physico - chemical - approach for calibration of a digital camera chip . this approach utilizes results of measurement of incident light spectra of calibration films of different levels of gray for construction of calibration curve ( number of incident photons vs . image pixel intensity ) for each camera pixel . we show spectral characteristics of such corrected digital raw image files ( a primary camera signal ) and demonstrate the ←
→ thin structure estimation with curvature regularization ; many applications in vision require estimation of thin structures such as boundary edges , surfaces , roads , blood vessels , neurons , etc . unlike most previous approaches , we simultaneously detect and delineate thin structures with sub - pixel localization and real - valued orientation estimation . this is an ill - posed problem that requires regularization . we propose an objective function combining detection likelihoods with a prior minimizing curvature of t ←
→ assessing the impact of informedness on a consultant ' s profit ; we study the notion of informedness in a client - consultant setting . using a software simulator , we examine the extent to which it pays off for consultants to provide their clients with advice that is well - informed , or with advice that is merely meant to appear to be well - informed . the latter strategy is beneficial in that it costs less resources to keep up - to - date , but carries the risk of a decreased reputation if the clients discover the low l ←
→ exact and approximate inference in graphical models : variable elimination and beyond ; probabilistic graphical models offer a powerful framework to account for the dependence structure between variables , which is represented as a graph . however , the dependence between variables may render inference tasks intractable . in this paper we review techniques exploiting the graph structure for exact inference , borrowed from optimisation and computer science . they are built on the principle of variable elimination ←
→ user bias removal in review score prediction ; review score prediction of text reviews has recently gained a lot of attention in recommendation systems . a major problem in models for review score prediction is the presence of noise due to user - bias in review scores . we propose two simple statistical methods to remove such noise and improve review score prediction . compared to other methods that use multiple classifiers , one for each user , our model uses a single global classifier to predict review scores . w ←
→ emergence of selective invariance in hierarchical feed forward networks ; many theories have emerged which investigate how in - variance is generated in hierarchical networks through sim - ple schemes such as max and mean pooling . the restriction to max / mean pooling in theoretical and empirical studies has diverted attention away from a more general way of generating invariance to nuisance transformations . we con - jecture that hierarchically building selective invariance ( i . e . carefully choosing the range of ←
→ asymmetric move selection strategies in monte - carlo tree search : minimizing the simple regret at max nodes ; the combination of multi - armed bandit ( mab ) algorithms with monte - carlo tree search ( mcts ) has made a significant impact in various research fields . the uct algorithm , which combines the ucb bandit algorithm with mcts , is a good example of the success of this combination . the recent breakthrough made by alphago , which incorporates convolutional neural networks with bandit algorithms in mcts , also h ←
→ can you fool ai with adversarial examples on a visual turing test ? ; deep learning has achieved impressive results in many areas of computer vision and natural language pro - cessing . among others , visual question answering ( vqa ), also referred to a visual turing test , is considered one of the most compelling problems , and recent deep learning models have reported significant progress in vision and language modeling . although artificial intelligence ( ai ) is getting closer to passing the visual turing test , a ←
→ multi - layered graph - based multi - document summarization model ; multi - document summarization is a process of automatic generation of a compressed version of the given collection of documents . recently , the graph - based models and ranking algorithms have been actively investigated by the extractive document summarization community . while most work to date focuses on homogeneous connecteness of sentences and heterogeneous connecteness of documents and sentences ( e . g . sentence similarity weighted by document imp ←
→ learning to compose task - specific tree structures ; for years , recursive neural networks ( rvnns ) have been shown to be suitable for representing text into fixed - length vectors and achieved good performance on several natural language processing tasks . however , the main drawback of rvnns is that they require structured input , which makes data preparation and model implementation hard . in this paper , we propose gumbel tree - lstm , a novel tree - structured long short - term memory architecture that learns how to co ←
→ sobolev norm learning rates for regularized least - squares algorithm ; learning rates for regularized least - squares algorithms are in most cases expressed with respect to the excess risk , or equivalently , the $ l_2 $- norm . for some applications , however , guarantees with respect to stronger norms such as the $ l_ \ infty $- norm , are desirable . we address this problem by establishing learning rates for a continuous scale of norms between the $ l_2 $- and the rkhs norm . as a byproduct we derive $ l_ \ infty $- norm learning ←
→ kcrc - lcd : discriminative kernel collaborative representation with locality constrained dictionary for visual categorization ; we consider the image classification problem via kernel collaborative representation classification with locality constrained dictionary ( kcrc - lcd ). specifically , we propose a kernel collaborative representation classification ( kcrc ) approach in which kernel method is used to improve the discrimination ability of collaborative representation classification ( crc ). we then measure th ←
→ optimal discovery with probabilistic expert advice ; we consider an original problem that arises from the issue of security analysis of a power system and that we name optimal discovery with probabilistic expert advice . we address it with an algorithm based on the optimistic paradigm and the good - turing missing mass estimator . we show that this strategy uniformly attains the optimal discovery rate in a macroscopic limit sense , under some assumptions on the probabilistic experts . we also provide numerical ex ←
→ adaptive online prediction by following the perturbed leader ; when applying aggregating strategies to prediction with expert advice , the learning rate must be adaptively tuned . the natural choice of sqrt ( complexity / current loss ) renders the analysis of weighted majority derivatives quite complicated . in particular , for arbitrary weights there have been no results proven so far . the analysis of the alternative " follow the perturbed leader " ( fpl ) algorithm from kalai & vempala ( 2003 ) ( based on hannan ' s algor ←
→ the quantum challenge in concept theory and natural language processing ; the mathematical formalism of quantum theory has been successfully used in human cognition to model decision processes and to deliver representations of human knowledge . as such , quantum cognition inspired tools have improved technologies for natural language processing and information retrieval . in this paper , we overview the quantum cognition approach developed in our brussels team during the last two decades , specifically our ident ←
→ a spatio - temporal representation for the orienteering problem with time - varying profits ; we consider an orienteering problem ( op ) where an agent needs to visit a series ( possibly a subset ) of depots , from which the maximal accumulated profits are desired within given limited time budget . different from most existing works where the profits are assumed to be static , in this work we investigate a variant that has arbitrary time - dependent profits . specifically , the profits to be collected change over time a ←
→ an information theoretic feature selection framework for big data under apache spark ; with the advent of extremely high dimensional datasets , dimensionality reduction techniques are becoming mandatory . among many techniques , feature selection has been growing in interest as an important tool to identify relevant features on huge datasets -- both in number of instances and features --. the purpose of this work is to demonstrate that standard feature selection methods can be parallelized in big data platform ←
→ high - throughput and language - agnostic entity disambiguation and linking on user generated data ; the entity disambiguation and linking ( edl ) task matches entity mentions in text to a unique knowledge base ( kb ) identifier such as a wikipedia or freebase id . it plays a critical role in the construction of a high quality information network , and can be further leveraged for a variety of information retrieval and nlp tasks such as text categorization and document tagging . edl is a complex and challenging prob ←
→ towards physarum robots : computing and manipulating on water surface ; plasmodium of physarym polycephalum is an ideal biological substrate for implementing concurrent and parallel computation , including combinatorial geometry and optimization on graphs . we report results of scoping experiments on physarum computing in conditions of minimal friction , on the water surface . we show that plasmodium of physarum is capable for computing a basic spanning trees and manipulating of light - weight objects . we speculat ←
→ holoface : augmenting human - to - human interactions on hololens ; we present holoface , an open - source framework for face alignment , head pose estimation and facial attribute retrieval for microsoft hololens . holoface implements two state - of - the - art face alignment methods which can be used interchangeably : one running locally and one running on a remote backend . head pose estimation is accomplished by fitting a deformable 3d model to the landmarks localized using face alignment . the head pose provides both the ←
→ autoprognosis : automated clinical prognostic modeling via bayesian optimization with structured kernel learning ; clinical prognostic models derived from largescale healthcare data can inform critical diagnostic and therapeutic decisions . to enable off - theshelf usage of machine learning ( ml ) in prognostic research , we developed autoprognosis : a system for automating the design of predictive modeling pipelines tailored for clinical prognosis . autoprognosis optimizes ensembles of pipeline configurations eff ←
→ car segmentation and pose estimation using 3d object models ; image segmentation and 3d pose estimation are two key cogs in any algorithm for scene understanding . however , state - of - the - art crf - based models for image segmentation rely mostly on 2d object models to construct top - down high - order potentials . in this paper , we propose new top - down potentials for image segmentation and pose estimation based on the shape and volume of a 3d object model . we show that these complex top - down potentials can be easily ←
→ nima : neural image assessment ; automatically learned quality assessment for images has recently become a hot topic due to its usefulness in a wide variety of applications such as evaluating image capture pipelines , storage techniques and sharing media . despite the subjective nature of this problem , most existing methods only predict the mean opinion score provided by datasets such as ava [ 1 ] and tid2013 [ 2 ]. our approach differs from others in that we predict the distribution of human opinion scores using ←
→ predicting motivations of actions by leveraging text ; understanding human actions is a key problem in computer vision . however , recognizing actions is only the first step of understanding what a person is doing . in this paper , we introduce the problem of predicting why a person has performed an action in images . this problem has many applications in human activity understanding , such as anticipating or explaining an action . to study this problem , we introduce a new dataset of people performing actions anno ←
→ an approximate backpropagation learning rule for memristor based neural networks using synaptic plasticity ; we describe an approximation to backpropagation algorithm for training deep neural networks , which is designed to work with synapses implemented with memristors . the key idea is to represent the values of both the input signal and the backpropagated delta value with a series of pulses that trigger multiple positive or negative updates of the synaptic weight , and to use the min operation instead of ←
→ the on - line shortest path problem under partial monitoring ; the on - line shortest path problem is considered under various models of partial monitoring . given a weighted directed acyclic graph whose edge weights can change in an arbitrary ( adversarial ) way , a decision maker has to choose in each round of a game a path between two distinguished vertices such that the loss of the chosen path ( defined as the sum of the weights of its composing edges ) be as small as possible . in a setting generalizing the multi ←
→ a study on the relation between linguistics - oriented and domain - specific semantics ; in this paper we dealt with the comparison and linking between lexical resources with domain knowledge provided by ontologies . it is one of the issues for the combination of the semantic web ontologies and text mining . we investigated the relations between the linguistics oriented and domain - specific semantics , by associating the go biological process concepts to the framenet semantic frames . the result shows the gaps bet ←
→ deterministic mdps with adversarial rewards and bandit feedback ; we consider a markov decision process with deterministic state transition dynamics , adversarially generated rewards that change arbitrarily from round to round , and a bandit feedback model in which the decision maker only observes the rewards it receives . in this setting , we present a novel and efficient online decision making algorithm named marcopolo . under mild assumptions on the structure of the transition dynamics , we prove that marcopol ←
→ lectures on jacques herbrand as a logician ; we give some lectures on the work on formal logic of jacques herbrand , and sketch his life and his influence on automated theorem proving . the intended audience ranges from students interested in logic over historians to logicians . besides the well - known correction of herbrand ' s false lemma by goedel and dreben , we also present the hardly known unpublished correction of heijenoort and its consequences on herbrand ' s modus ponens elimination . besides herbrand ' s fun ←
→ techniques for highly multiobjective optimisation : some nondominated points are better than others ; the research area of evolutionary multiobjective optimization ( emo ) is reaching better understandings of the properties and capabilities of emo algorithms , and accumulating much evidence of their worth in practical scenarios . an urgent emerging issue is that the favoured emo algorithms scale poorly when problems have many ( e . g . five or more ) objectives . one of the chief reasons for this is believed to be t ←
→ correcting multi - focus images via simple standard deviation for image fusion ; image fusion is one of the recent trends in image registration which is an essential field of image processing . the basic principle of this paper is to fuse multi - focus images using simple statistical standard deviation . firstly , the simple standard deviation for the k - by - k window inside each of the multi - focus images was computed . the contribution in this paper came from the idea that the focused part inside an image had high ←
→ a generative bayesian model for aggregating experts ' probabilities ; in order to improve forecasts , a decisionmaker often combines probabilities given by various sources , such as human experts and machine learning classifiers . when few training data are available , aggregation can be improved by incorporating prior knowledge about the event being forecasted and about salient properties of the experts . to this end , we develop a generative bayesian aggregation model for probabilistic classi cation . the model i ←
→ a context - aware delayed agglomeration framework for electron microscopy segmentation ; electron microscopy ( em ) image ( or volume ) segmentation has become significantly important in recent years as an instrument for connectomics . this paper proposes a novel agglomerative framework for em segmentation . in particular , given an over - segmented image or volume , we propose a novel framework for accurately clustering regions of the same neuron . unlike existing agglomerative methods , the proposed context - aware alg ←
→ text2action : generative adversarial synthesis from language to action ; in this paper , we propose a generative model which learns the relationship between language and human action in order to generate a human action sequence given a sentence describing human behavior . the proposed generative model is a generative adversarial network ( gan ), which is based on the sequence to sequence ( seq2seq ) model . using the proposed generative network , we can synthesize various actions for a robot or a virtual agent using ←
→ analysis of minimax error rate for crowdsourcing and its application to worker clustering model ; while crowdsourcing has become an important means to label data , crowdworkers are not always experts --- sometimes they can even be adversarial . therefore , there is great interest in estimating the ground truth from unreliable labels produced by crowdworkers . the dawid and skene ( ds ) model is one of the most well - known models in the study of crowdsourcing . despite its practical popularity , theoretical error ana ←
→ a simple linear ranking algorithm using query dependent intercept variables ; the letor website contains three information retrieval datasets used as a benchmark for testing machine learning ideas for ranking . algorithms participating in the challenge are required to assign score values to search results for a collection of queries , and are measured using standard ir ranking measures ( ndcg , precision , map ) that depend only the relative score - induced order of the results . similarly to many of the ideas pro ←
→ preserved structure across vector space representations ; certain concepts , words , and images are intuitively more similar than others ( dog vs . cat , dog vs . spoon ), though quantifying such similarity is notoriously difficult . indeed , this kind of computation is likely a critical part of learning the category boundaries for words within a given language . here , we use a set of 27 items ( e . g . ' dog ') that are highly common in infants ' input , and use both image - and word - based algorithms to independently compute ←
→ a bayesian network scoring metric that is based on globally uniform parameter priors ; we introduce a new bayesian network ( bn ) scoring metric called the global uniform ( gu ) metric . this metric is based on a particular type of default parameter prior . such priors may be useful when a bn developer is not willing or able to specify domain - specific parameter priors . the gu parameter prior specifies that every prior joint probability distribution p consistent with a bn structure s is considered to be equally ←
→ the digital restoration of da vinci ' s sketches ; a sketch , found in one of leonardo da vinci ' s notebooks and covered by the written notes of this genius , has been recently restored . the restoration reveals a possible self - portrait of the artist , drawn when he was young . here , we discuss the discovery of this self - portrait and the procedure used for restoration . actually , this is a restoration performed on the digital image of the sketch , a procedure that can easily extended and applied to ancient documents ←
→ bayesian inference in model - based machine vision ; this is a preliminary version of visual interpretation integrating multiple sensors in successor , an intelligent , model - based vision system . we pursue a thorough integration of hierarchical bayesian inference with comprehensive physical representation of objects and their relations in a system for reasoning with geometry , surface materials and sensor models in machine vision . bayesian inference provides a framework for accruing_ probabilities to rank order ←
→ learning cost - effective treatment regimes using markov decision processes ; decision makers , such as doctors and judges , make crucial decisions such as recommending treatments to patients , and granting bails to defendants on a daily basis . such decisions typically involve weighting the potential benefits of taking an action against the costs involved . in this work , we aim to automate this task of learning \ emph { cost - effective , interpretable and actionable treatment regimes }. we formulate this as a problem ←
→ threshold auto - tuning metric learning ; it has been reported repeatedly that discriminative learning of distance metric boosts the pattern recognition performance . a weak point of itml - based methods is that the distance threshold for similarity / dissimilarity constraints must be determined manually and it is sensitive to generalization performance , although the itml - based methods enjoy an advantage that the bregman projection framework can be applied for optimization of distance metric . in this paper , we pre ←
→ combining heterogeneous classifiers for relational databases ; most enterprise data is distributed in multiple relational databases with expert - designed schema . using traditional single - table machine learning techniques over such data not only incur a computational penalty for converting to a ' flat ' form ( mega - join ), even the human - specified semantic information present in the relations is lost . in this paper , we present a practical , two - phase hierarchical meta - classification algorithm for relational databa ←
→ solution representations and local search for the bi - objective inventory routing problem ; the solution of the biobjective irp is rather challenging , even for metaheuristics . we are still lacking a profound understanding of appropriate solution representations and effective neighborhood structures . clearly , both the delivery volumes and the routing aspects of the alternatives need to be reflected in an encoding , and must be modified when searching by means of local search . our work contributes to the bett ←
→ bibliographic analysis with the citation network topic model ; bibliographic analysis considers author ' s research areas , the citation network and paper content among other things . in this paper , we combine these three in a topic model that produces a bibliographic model of authors , topics and documents using a non - parametric extension of a combination of the poisson mixed - topic link model and the author - topic model . we propose a novel and efficient inference algorithm for the model to explore subsets of res ←
→ understanding and predicting the attractiveness of human action shot ; selecting attractive photos from a human action shot sequence is quite challenging , because of the subjective nature of the " attractiveness ", which is mainly a combined factor of human pose in action and the background . prior works have actively studied high - level image attributes including interestingness , memorability , popularity , and aesthetics . however , none of them has ever studied the " attractiveness " of human action shot . in this ←
→ a new pseudo - color technique based on intensity information protection for passive sensor imagery ; remote sensing image processing is so important in geo - sciences . images which are obtained by different types of sensors might initially be unrecognizable . to make an acceptable visual perception in the images , some pre - processing steps ( for removing noises and etc ) are preformed which they affect the analysis of images . there are different types of processing according to the types of remote sensing images ←
→ the ff planning system : fast plan generation through heuristic search ; we describe and evaluate the algorithmic techniques that are used in the ff planning system . like the hsp system , ff relies on forward state space search , using a heuristic that estimates goal distances by ignoring delete lists . unlike hsp ' s heuristic , our method does not assume facts to be independent . we introduce a novel search strategy that combines hill - climbing with systematic search , and we show how other powerful heuristic infor ←
→ unsupervised document embedding with cnns ; we propose a new model for unsupervised document embedding . leading existing approaches either require complex inference or use recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) that are difficult to parallelize . we take a different route and develop a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) embedding model . our cnn architecture is fully parallelizable resulting in over 10x speedup in inference time over rnn models . parallelizable architecture enables to train deeper models where each s ←
→ pl  ücker correction problem : analysis and improvements in efficiency ; a given six dimensional vector represents a 3d straight line in pl  ucker coordinates if its coordinates satisfy the klein quadric constraint . in many problems aiming to find the pl  ucker coordinates of lines , noise in the data and other type of errors contribute for obtaining 6d vectors that do not correspond to lines , because of that constraint . a common procedure to overcome this drawback is to find the pl  ucker coordinates of the line ←
→ creating a digital ecosystem : service - oriented architectures with distributed evolutionary computing ; we start with a discussion of the relevant literature , including nature inspired computing as a framework in which to understand this work , and the process of biomimicry to be used in mimicking the necessary biological processes to create digital ecosystems . we then consider the relevant theoretical ecology in creating the digital counterpart of a biological ecosystem , including the topological structure ←
→ a public reference implementation of the rap anaphora resolution algorithm ; this paper describes a standalone , publicly - available implementation of the resolution of anaphora procedure ( rap ) given by lappin and leass ( 1994 ). the rap algorithm resolves third person pronouns , lexical anaphors , and identifies pleonastic pronouns . our implementation , javarap , fills a current need in anaphora resolution research by providing a reference implementation that can be benchmarked against current algorithms . the im ←
→ action tubelet detector for spatio - temporal action localization ; current state - of - the - art approaches for spatio - temporal action localization rely on detections at the frame level that are then linked or tracked across time . in this paper , we leverage the temporal continuity of videos instead of operating at the frame level . we propose the action tubelet detector ( act - detector ) that takes as input a sequence of frames and outputs tubelets , i . e ., sequences of bounding boxes with associated scores . the same w ←
→ combating corrupt messages in sparse clustered associative memories ; in this paper we analyze and extend the neural network based associative memory proposed by gripon and berrou . this associative memory resembles the celebrated willshaw model with an added partite cluster structure . in the literature , two retrieving schemes have been proposed for the network dynamics , namely sum - of - sum and sum - of - max . they both offer considerably better performance than willshaw and hopfield networks , when comparable retr ←
→ optical character recognition , using k - nearest neighbors ; the problem of optical character recognition , ocr , has been widely discussed in the literature . having a hand - written text , the program aims at recognizing the text . even though there are several approaches to this issue , it is still an open problem . in this paper we would like to propose an approach that uses k - nearest neighbors algorithm , and has the accuracy of more than 90 %. the training and run time is also very short .←
→ sparse linear dynamical system with its application in multivariate clinical time series ; linear dynamical system ( lds ) is an elegant mathematical framework for modeling and learning multivariate time series . however , in general , it is difficult to set the dimension of its hidden state space . a small number of hidden states may not be able to model the complexities of a time series , while a large number of hidden states can lead to overfitting . in this paper , we study methods that impose an $\ ell_1 $ regu ←
→ visual tracking via learning dynamic patch - based graph representation ; existing visual tracking methods usually localize a target object with a bounding box , in which the performance of the foreground object trackers or detectors is often affected by the inclusion of background clutter . to handle this problem , we learn a patch - based graph representation for visual tracking . the tracked object is modeled by with a graph by taking a set of non - overlapping image patches as nodes , in which the weight of each n ←
→ discriminative density - ratio estimation ; the covariate shift is a challenging problem in supervised learning that results from the discrepancy between the training and test distributions . an effective approach which recently drew a considerable attention in the research community is to reweight the training samples to minimize that discrepancy . in specific , many methods are based on developing density - ratio ( dr ) estimation techniques that apply to both regression and classification problems . although these ←
→ improved fixed - rank nyström approximation via qr decomposition : practical and theoretical aspects ; the nystr \" om method is a popular technique for computing fixed - rank approximations of large kernel matrices using a small number of landmark points . in practice , to ensure high quality approximations , the number of landmark points is chosen to be greater than the target rank . however , the standard nystr \" om method uses a sub - optimal procedure for rank reduction mainly due to its simplicity . in this paper , ←
→ multi - objective software suite of two - dimensional shape descriptors for object - based image analysis ; in recent years two sets of planar ( 2d ) shape attributes , provided with an intuitive physical meaning , were proposed to the remote sensing community by , respectively , nagao & matsuyama and shackelford & davis in their seminal works on the increasingly popular geographic object based image analysis ( geobia ) paradigm . these two published sets of intuitive geometric features were selected as initial conditio ←
→ geometric representations for minimalist grammars ; we reformulate minimalist grammars as partial functions on term algebras for strings and trees . using filler / role bindings and tensor product representations , we construct homomorphisms for these data structures into geometric vector spaces . we prove that the structure - building functions as well as simple processors for minimalist languages can be realized by piecewise linear operators in representation space . we also propose harmony , i . e . the distance of ←
→ probabilistic and non - monotonic inference ; ( l ) i have enough evidence to render the sentence s probable . ( la ) so , relative to what i know , it is rational of me to believe s . ( 2 ) now that i have more evidence , s may no longer be probable . ( 2a ) so now , relative to what i know , it is not rational of me to believe s . these seem a perfectly ordinary , common sense , pair of situations . generally and vaguely , i take them to embody what i shall call probabilistic inference . this form of inference is clearly non - mon ←
→ fuzzy soft set based classification for gene expression data ; classification is one of the major issues in data mining research fields . the classification problems in medical area often classify medical dataset based on the result of medical diagnosis or description of medical treatment by the medical practitioner . this research work discusses the classification process of gene expression data for three different cancers which are breast cancer , lung cancer and leukemia cancer with two classes which are ca ←
→ all weather perception : joint data association , tracking , and classification for autonomous ground vehicles ; a novel probabilistic perception algorithm is presented as a real - time joint solution to data association , object tracking , and object classification for an autonomous ground vehicle in all - weather conditions . the presented algorithm extends a rao - blackwellized particle filter originally built with a particle filter for data association and a kalman filter for multi - object tracking ( miller et al . ←
→ model selection by loss rank for classification and unsupervised learning ; hutter ( 2007 ) recently introduced the loss rank principle ( lorp ) as a generalpurpose principle for model selection . the lorp enjoys many attractive properties and deserves further investigations . the lorp has been well - studied for regression framework in hutter and tran ( 2010 ). in this paper , we study the lorp for classification framework , and develop it further for model selection problems in unsupervised learning where the main ←
→ efficient architecture search by network transformation ; techniques for automatically designing deep neural network architectures such as reinforcement learning based approaches have recently shown promising results . however , their success is based on vast computational resources ( e . g . hundreds of gpus ), making them difficult to be widely used . a noticeable limitation is that they still design and train each network from scratch during the exploration of the architecture space , which is highly inefficient .←
→ learning user intent from action sequences on interactive systems ; interactive systems have taken over the web and mobile space with increasing participation from users . applications across every marketing domain can now be accessed through mobile or web where users can directly perform certain actions and reach a desired outcome . actions of user on a system , though , can be representative of a certain intent . ability to learn this intent through user ' s actions can help draw certain insight into the behavio ←
→ low - rank bandit methods for high - dimensional dynamic pricing ; we consider high dimensional dynamic multi - product pricing with an evolving but low - dimensional linear demand model . assuming the temporal variation in cross - elasticities exhibits low - rank structure based on fixed ( latent ) features of the products , we show that the revenue maximization problem reduces to an online bandit convex optimization with side information given by the observed demands . we design dynamic pricing algorithms whose revenue ap ←
→ intrinsically motivated learning of visual motion perception and smooth pursuit ; we extend the framework of efficient coding , which has been used to model the development of sensory processing in isolation , to model the development of the perception / action cycle . our extension combines sparse coding and reinforcement learning so that sensory processing and behavior co - develop to optimize a shared intrinsic motivational signal : the fidelity of the neural encoding of the sensory input under resource constr ←
→ autocatalytic theory of meaning ; recently it has been argued that autocatalytic theory could be applied to the origin of culture . here possible application to a theory of meaning in the philosophy of language , called radical interpretation , is commented upon and compared to previous applications .←
→ ann - based innovative segmentation method for handwritten text in assamese ; artificial neural network ( ann ) s has widely been used for recognition of optically scanned character , which partially emulates human thinking in the domain of the artificial intelligence . but prior to recognition , it is necessary to segment the character from the text to sentences , words etc . segmentation of words into individual letters has been one of the major problems in handwriting recognition . despite several successful wor ←
→ on the job training ; we propose a new framework for building and evaluating machine learning algorithms . we argue that many real - world problems require an agent which must quickly learn to respond to demands , yet can continue to perform and respond to new training throughout its useful life . we give a framework for how such agents can be built , describe several metrics for evaluating them , and show that subtle changes in system construction can significantly affect agent performance .←
→ structure propagation for zero - shot learning ; the key of zero - shot learning ( zsl ) is how to find the information transfer model for bridging the gap between images and semantic information ( texts or attributes ). existing zsl methods usually construct the compatibility function between images and class labels with the consideration of the relevance on the semantic classes ( the manifold structure of semantic classes ). however , the relationship of image classes ( the manifold structure of image classes ) is als ←
→ deadnet : identifying phototoxicity from label - free microscopy images of cells using deep convnets ; exposure to intense illumination light is an unavoidable consequence of fluorescence microscopy , and poses a risk to the health of the sample in every live - cell fluorescence microscopy experiment . furthermore , the possible side - effects of phototoxicity on the scientific conclusions that are drawn from an imaging experiment are often unaccounted for . previously , controlling for phototoxicity in imaging exper ←
→ stochastic rank - 1 bandits ; we propose stochastic rank -$ 1 $ bandits , a class of online learning problems where at each step a learning agent chooses a pair of row and column arms , and receives the product of their values as a reward . the main challenge of the problem is that the individual values of the row and column are unobserved . we assume that these values are stochastic and drawn independently . we propose a computationally - efficient algorithm for solving our problem , which we call rank1elim . we derive ←
→ estimating 3d human shapes from measurements ; the recent advances in 3 - d imaging technologies give rise to databases of human shapes , from which statistical shape models can be built . these statistical models represent prior knowledge of the human shape and enable us to solve shape reconstruction problems from partial information . generating human shape from traditional anthropometric measurements is such a problem , since these 1 - d measurements encode 3 - d shape information . combined with a statistical shap ←
→ a chain - detection algorithm for two - dimensional grids ; we describe a general method of detecting valid chains or links of pieces on a two - dimensional grid . specifically , using the example of the chess variant known as switch - side chain - chess ( sscc ). presently , no foolproof method of detecting such chains in any given chess position is known and existing graph theory , to our knowledge , is unable to fully address this problem either . we therefore propose a solution implemented and tested using the c ++ progra ←
→ discrete energy minimization , beyond submodularity : applications and approximations ; in this thesis i explore challenging discrete energy minimization problems that arise mainly in the context of computer vision tasks . this work motivates the use of such " hard - to - optimize " non - submodular functionals , and proposes methods and algorithms to cope with the np - hardness of their optimization . consequently , this thesis revolves around two axes : applications and approximations . the applications axis motivates th ←
→ supervised functional classification : a theoretical remark and some comparisons ; the problem of supervised classification ( or discrimination ) with functional data is considered , with a special interest on the popular k - nearest neighbors ( k - nn ) classifier . first , relying on a recent result by cerou and guyader ( 2006 ), we prove the consistency of the k - nn classifier for functional data whose distribution belongs to a broad family of gaussian processes with triangular covariance functions . second , on a more ←
→ techniques for effective and efficient fire detection from social media images ; social media could provide valuable information to support decision making in crisis management , such as in accidents , explosions and fires . however , much of the data from social media are images , which are uploaded in a rate that makes it impossible for human beings to analyze them . despite the many works on image analysis , there are no fire detection studies on social media . to fill this gap , we propose the use and evaluati ←
→ modified mel filter bank to compute mfcc of subsampled speech ; mel frequency cepstral coefficients ( mfccs ) are the most popularly used speech features in most speech and speaker recognition applications . in this work , we propose a modified mel filter bank to extract mfccs from subsampled speech . we also propose a stronger metric which effectively captures the correlation between mfccs of original speech and mfcc of resampled speech . it is found that the proposed method of filter bank construction performs ←
→ exploiting compositionality to explore a large space of model structures ; the recent proliferation of richly structured probabilistic models raises the question of how to automatically determine an appropriate model for a dataset . we investigate this question for a space of matrix decomposition models which can express a variety of widely used models from unsupervised learning . to enable model selection , we organize these models into a context - free grammar which generates a wide variety of structures throu ←
→ stochastic simulation of bayesian belief networks ; this paper examines bayesian belief network inference using simulation as a method for computing the posterior probabilities of network variables . specifically , it examines the use of a method described by henrion , called logic sampling , and a method described by pearl , called stochastic simulation . we first review the conditions under which logic sampling is computationally infeasible . such cases motivated the development of the pearl ' s stochastic simulat ←
→ unsupervised place discovery for visual place classification ; in this study , we explore the use of deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) in visual place classification for robotic mapping and localization . an open question is how to partition the robot ' s workspace into places to maximize the performance ( e . g ., accuracy , precision , recall ) of potential dcnn classifiers . this is a chicken and egg problem : if we had a well - trained dcnn classifier , it is rather easy to partition the robot ' s workspace into ←
→ periodicity extraction using superposition of distance matching function and one - dimensional haar wavelet transform ; periodicity of a texture is one of the important visual characteristics and is often used as a measure for textural discrimination at the structural level . knowledge about periodicity of a texture is very essential in the field of texture synthesis and texture compression and also in the design of frieze and wall papers . in this paper , we propose a method of periodicity extraction from noi ←
→ taming numbers and durations in the model checking integrated planning system ; the model checking integrated planning system ( mips ) is a temporal least commitment heuristic search planner based on a flexible object - oriented workbench architecture . its design clearly separates explicit and symbolic directed exploration algorithms from the set of on - line and off - line computed estimates and associated data structures . mips has shown distinguished performance in the last two international planning competitio ←
→ efficient stepwise selection in decomposable models ; in this paper , we present an efficient way of performing stepwise selection in the class of decomposable models . the main contribution of the paper is a simple characterization of the edges that canbe added to a decomposable model while keeping the resulting model decomposable and an efficient algorithm for enumerating all such edges for a given model in essentially o ( 1 ) time per edge . we also discuss how backward selection can be performed efficiently u ←
→ scalable annotation of fine - grained categories without experts ; we present a crowdsourcing workflow to collect image annotations for visually similar synthetic categories without requiring experts . in animals , there is a direct link between taxonomy and visual similarity : e . g . a collie ( type of dog ) looks more similar to other collies ( e . g . smooth collie ) than a greyhound ( another type of dog ). however , in synthetic categories such as cars , objects with similar taxonomy can have very different appearance : ←
→ deriving a representative vector for ontology classes with instance word vector embeddings ; selecting a representative vector for a set of vectors is a very common requirement in many algorithmic tasks . traditionally , the mean or median vector is selected . ontology classes are sets of homogeneous instance objects that can be converted to a vector space by word vector embeddings . this study proposes a methodology to derive a representative vector for ontology classes whose instances were converted to the ←
→ more algorithms for provable dictionary learning ; in dictionary learning , also known as sparse coding , the algorithm is given samples of the form $ y = ax $ where $ x \ in \ mathbb { r }^ m $ is an unknown random sparse vector and $ a $ is an unknown dictionary matrix in $\ mathbb { r }^{ n \ times m }$ ( usually $ m > n $, which is the overcomplete case ). the goal is to learn $ a $ and $ x $. this problem has been studied in neuroscience , machine learning , visions , and image processing . in practice it is solved by heuristic algorith ←
→ what does 2d geometric information really tell us about 3d face shape ? ; a face image contains geometric cues in the form of configurational information and contours that can be used to estimate 3d face shape . while it is clear that 3d reconstruction from 2d points is highly ambiguous if no further constraints are enforced , one might expect that the face - space constraint solves this problem . we show that this is not the case and that geometric information is an ambiguous cue . there are two sources for this ←
→ unsupervised reverse domain adaptation for synthetic medical images via adversarial training ; to realize the full potential of deep learning for medical imaging , large annotated datasets are required for training . such datasets are difficult to acquire because labeled medical images are not usually available due to privacy issues , lack of experts available for annotation , underrepresentation of rare conditions and poor standardization . lack of annotated data has been addressed in conventional vision appl ←
→ open information extraction on scientific text : an evaluation ; open information extraction ( oie ) is the task of the unsupervised creation of structured information from text . oie is often used as a starting point for a number of downstream tasks including knowledge base construction , relation extraction , and question answering . while oie methods are targeted at being domain independent , they have been evaluated primarily on newspaper , encyclopedic or general web text . in this article , we evaluate the perfo ←
→ some theoretical properties of gans ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are a class of generative algorithms that have been shown to produce state - of - the art samples , especially in the domain of image creation . the fundamental principle of gans is to approximate the unknown distribution of a given data set by optimizing an objective function through an adversarial game between a family of generators and a family of discriminators . in this paper , we offer a better theoretical understanding of gans by an ←
→ light field reconstruction using shearlet transform ; in this article we develop an image based rendering technique based on light field reconstruction from a limited set of perspective views acquired by cameras . our approach utilizes sparse representation of epipolar - plane images in a directionally sensitive transform domain , obtained by an adapted discrete shearlet transform . the used iterative thresholding algorithm provides high - quality reconstruction results for relatively big disparities between neigh ←
→ approximate dynamic programming using fluid and diffusion approximations with applications to power management ; neuro - dynamic programming is a class of powerful techniques for approximating the solution to dynamic programming equations . in their most computationally attractive formulations , these techniques provide the approximate solution only within a prescribed finite - dimensional function class . thus , the question that always arises is how should the function class be chosen ? the goal of this paper is ←
→ crowdsourced outcome determination in prediction markets ; a prediction market is a useful means of aggregating information about a future event . to function , the market needs a trusted entity who will verify the true outcome in the end . motivated by the recent introduction of decentralized prediction markets , we introduce a mechanism that allows for the outcome to be determined by the votes of a group of arbiters who may themselves hold stakes in the market . despite the potential conflict of interest , we d ←
→ a concise query language with search and transform operations for corpora with multiple levels of annotation ; the usefulness of annotated corpora is greatly increased if there is an associated tool that can allow various kinds of operations to be performed in a simple way . different kinds of annotation frameworks and many query languages for them have been proposed , including some to deal with multiple layers of annotation . we present here an easy to learn query language for a particular kind of annotati ←
→ learning attribute representation for human activity recognition ; attribute representations became relevant in image recognition and word spotting , providing support under the presence of unbalance and disjoint datasets . however , for human activity recognition using sequential data from on - body sensors , human - labeled attributes are lacking . this paper introduces a search for attributes that represent favorably signal segments for recognizing human activities . it presents three deep architectures , including ←
→ quantitatively evaluating gans with divergences proposed for training ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have been extremely effective in approximating complex distributions of high - dimensional , input data samples , and substantial progress has been made in understanding and improving gan performance in terms of both theory and application . however , we currently lack quantitative methods for model assessment . because of this , while many gan variants are being proposed , we have relatively little underst ←
→ class imbalance problem in data mining review ; in last few years there are major changes and evolution has been done on classification of data . as the application area of technology is increases the size of data also increases . classification of data becomes difficult because of unbounded size and imbalance nature of data . class imbalance problem become greatest issue in data mining . imbalance problem occur where one of the two classes having more sample than other classes . the most of algorithm are more f ←
→ on valid optimal assignment kernels and applications to graph classification ; the success of kernel methods has initiated the design of novel positive semidefinite functions , in particular for structured data . a leading design paradigm for this is the convolution kernel , which decomposes structured objects into their parts and sums over all pairs of parts . assignment kernels , in contrast , are obtained from an optimal bijection between parts , which can provide a more valid notion of similarity . in general ←
→ clustering and inference from pairwise comparisons ; given a set of pairwise comparisons , the classical ranking problem computes a single ranking that best represents the preferences of all users . in this paper , we study the problem of inferring individual preferences , arising in the context of making personalized recommendations . in particular , we assume that there are $ n $ users of $ r $ types ; users of the same type provide similar pairwise comparisons for $ m $ items according to the bradley - terry model . we ←
→ reconstruction of the external stimuli from brain signals ; despite the rapid advances in brain - computer interfacing ( bci ) and continuous effort to improve the accuracy of brain decoding systems , the urge for the systems to reconstruct the experiences of the users has been widely acknowledged . this urge has been investigated by some researchers during the past years in terms of reconstruction of the naturalistic images , abstract images , video and audio . in this study , we try to tackle this issue by regressi ←
→ minimal perceptrons for memorizing complex patterns ; feedforward neural networks have been investigated to understand learning and memory , as well as applied to numerous practical problems in pattern classification . it is a rule of thumb that more complex tasks require larger networks . however , the design of optimal network architectures for specific tasks is still an unsolved fundamental problem . in this study , we consider three - layered neural networks for memorizing binary patterns . we developed a new co ←
→ mixed - variate restricted boltzmann machines ; modern datasets are becoming heterogeneous . to this end , we present in this paper mixed - variate restricted boltzmann machines for simultaneously modelling variables of multiple types and modalities , including binary and continuous responses , categorical options , multicategorical choices , ordinal assessment and category - ranked preferences . dependency among variables is modeled using latent binary variables , each of which can be interpreted as a particular hidden ←
→ on the continuous steering of the scale of tight wavelet frames ; in analogy with steerable wavelets , we present a general construction of adaptable tight wavelet frames , with an emphasis on scaling operations . in particular , the derived wavelets can be " dilated " by a procedure comparable to the operation of steering steerable wavelets . the fundamental aspects of the construction are the same : an admissible collection of fourier multipliers is used to extend a tight wavelet frame , and the " scale " of the wav ←
→ fast stochastic algorithms for svd and pca : convergence properties and convexity ; we study the convergence properties of the vr - pca algorithm introduced by \ cite { shamir2015stochastic } for fast computation of leading singular vectors . we prove several new results , including a formal analysis of a block version of the algorithm , and convergence from random initialization . we also make a few observations of independent interest , such as how pre - initializing with just a single exact power iteration can signi ←
→ deep reservoir computing using cellular automata ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have been a prominent concept within artificial intelligence . they are inspired by biological neural networks ( bnns ) and provide an intuitive and abstract representation of how bnns work . derived from the more generic artificial neural networks ( anns ), the recurrent ones are meant to be used for temporal tasks , such as speech recognition , because they are capable of memorizing historic input . however , such networks are very ←
→ learning domain - specific word embeddings from sparse cybersecurity texts ; word embedding is a natural language processing ( nlp ) technique that automatically maps words from a vocabulary to vectors of real numbers in an embedding space . it has been widely used in recent years to boost the performance of a vari - ety of nlp tasks such as named entity recognition , syntac - tic parsing and sentiment analysis . classic word embedding methods such as word2vec and glove work well when they are given a large text corpu ←
→ joint modeling of multiple time series via the beta process with application to motion capture segmentation ; we propose a bayesian nonparametric approach to the problem of jointly modeling multiple related time series . our model discovers a latent set of dynamical behaviors shared among the sequences , and segments each time series into regions defined by a subset of these behaviors . using a beta process prior , the size of the behavior set and the sharing pattern are both inferred from data . we develop ma ←
→ identifying 3 moss species by deep learning , using the " chopped picture " method ; in general , object identification tends not to work well on ambiguous , amorphous objects such as vegetation . in this study , we developed a simple but effective approach to identify ambiguous objects and applied the method to several moss species . as a result , the model correctly classified test images with accuracy more than 90 %. using this approach will help progress in computer vision studies .←
→ deep learning for sensor - based activity recognition : a survey ; sensor - based activity recognition seeks the profound high - level knowledge about human activities from multitudes of low - level sensor readings . conventional pattern recognition approaches have made tremendous progress in the past years . however , those methods often heavily rely on heuristic hand - crafted feature extraction , which could hinder their generalization performance . additionally , existing methods are undermined for unsupervised and incr ←
→ from machine learning to machine reasoning ; a plausible definition of " reasoning " could be " algebraically manipulating previously acquired knowledge in order to answer a new question ". this definition covers first - order logical inference or probabilistic inference . it also includes much simpler manipulations commonly used to build large learning systems . for instance , we can build an optical character recognition system by first training a character segmenter , an isolated character recognizer , and a langua ←
→ non - parametric bayesian models of response function in dynamic image sequences ; estimation of response functions is an important task in dynamic medical imaging . this task arises for example in dynamic renal scintigraphy , where impulse response or retention functions are estimated , or in functional magnetic resonance imaging where hemodynamic response functions are required . these functions can not be observed directly and their estimation is complicated because the recorded images are subject to superpo ←
→ near optimal behavior via approximate state abstraction ; the combinatorial explosion that plagues planning and reinforcement learning ( rl ) algorithms can be moderated using state abstraction . prohibitively large task representations can be condensed such that essential information is preserved , and consequently , solutions are tractably computable . however , exact abstractions , which treat only fully - identical situations as equivalent , fail to present opportunities for abstraction in environments where no tw ←
→ weakly supervised action labeling in videos under ordering constraints ; we are given a set of video clips , each one annotated with an {\ em ordered } list of actions , such as " walk " then " sit " then " answer phone " extracted from , for example , the associated text script . we seek to temporally localize the individual actions in each clip as well as to learn a discriminative classifier for each action . we formulate the problem as a weakly supervised temporal assignment with ordering constraints . each video clip ←
→ can ground truth label propagation from video help semantic segmentation ? ; for state - of - the - art semantic segmentation task , training convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) requires dense pixelwise ground truth ( gt ) labeling , which is expensive and involves extensive human effort . in this work , we study the possibility of using auxiliary ground truth , so - called \ textit { pseudo ground truth } ( pgt ) to improve the performance . the pgt is obtained by propagating the labels of a gt frame to its subsequent frames ←
→ consistency of spectral hypergraph partitioning under planted partition model ; hypergraph partitioning lies at the heart of a number of problems in machine learning and network sciences . many algorithms for hypergraph partitioning have been proposed that extend standard approaches for graph partitioning to the case of hypergraphs . however , theoretical aspects of such methods have seldom received attention in the literature as compared to the extensive studies on the guarantees of graph partitioning . for ←
→ strategyproof mechanisms for additively separable hedonic games and fractional hedonic games ; additively separable hedonic games and fractional hedonic games have received considerable attention . they are coalition forming games of selfish agents based on their mutual preferences . most of the work in the literature characterizes the existence and structure of stable outcomes ( i . e ., partitions in coalitions ), assuming that preferences are given . however , there is little discussion on this assumption . in f ←
→ are crossing dependencies really scarce ? ; the syntactic structure of a sentence can be modelled as a tree , where vertices correspond to words and edges indicate syntactic dependencies . it has been claimed recurrently that the number of edge crossings in real sentences is small . however , a baseline or null hypothesis has been lacking . here we quantify the amount of crossings of real sentences and compare it to the predictions of a series of baselines . we conclude that crossings are really scarce in real sen ←
→ context - based normalization of histological stains using deep convolutional features ; while human observers are able to cope with variations in color and appearance of histological stains , digital pathology algorithms commonly require a well - normalized setting to achieve peak performance , especially when a limited amount of labeled data is available . this work provides a fully automated , end - to - end learning - based setup for normalizing histological stains , which considers the texture context of the tissue ←
→ preliminary results on ontology - based open data publishing ; despite the current interest in open data publishing , a formal and comprehensive methodology supporting an organization in deciding which data to publish and carrying out precise procedures for publishing high - quality data , is still missing . in this paper we argue that the ontology - based data management paradigm can provide a formal basis for a principled approach to publish high quality , semantically annotated open data . we describe two main appr ←
→ a hybrid pomdp - bdi agent architecture with online stochastic planning and plan caching ; this article presents an agent architecture for controlling an autonomous agent in stochastic environments . the architecture combines the partially observable markov decision process ( pomdp ) model with the belief - desire - intention ( bdi ) framework . the hybrid pomdp - bdi agent architecture takes the best features from the two approaches , that is , the online generation of reward - maximizing courses of action from pomdp theo ←
→ structured prediction with output embeddings for semantic image annotation ; we address the task of annotating images with semantic tuples . solving this problem requires an algorithm which is able to deal with hundreds of classes for each argument of the tuple . in such contexts , data sparsity becomes a key challenge , as there will be a large number of classes for which only a few examples are available . we propose handling this by incorporating feature representations of both the inputs ( images ) and outpu ←
→ cross - language learning with adversarial neural networks : application to community question answering ; we address the problem of cross - language adaptation for question - question similarity reranking in community question answering , with the objective to port a system trained on one input language to another input language given labeled training data for the first language and only unlabeled data for the second language . in particular , we propose to use adversarial training of neural networks to learn high ←
→ an ovs - multiobjective algorithm approach for lane reversal problem ; the lane reversal has proven to be a useful method to mitigate traffic congestion during rush hour or in case of specific events that affect high traffic volumes . in this work we propose a methodology that is placed within optimization via simulation , by means of which a multi - objective genetic algorithm and simulations of traffic are used to determine the configuration of ideal lane reversal .←
→ angle constrained path to cluster multiple manifolds ; in this paper , we propose a method to cluster multiple intersected manifolds . the algorithm chooses several landmark nodes randomly and then checks whether there is an angle constrained path between each landmark node and every other node in the neighborhood graph . when the points lie on different manifolds with intersection they should not be connected using a smooth path , thus the angle constraint is used to prevent connecting points from one cluster ←
→ data - driven tree transforms and metrics ; we consider the analysis of high dimensional data given in the form of a matrix with columns consisting of observations and rows consisting of features . often the data is such that the observations do not reside on a regular grid , and the given order of the features is arbitrary and does not convey a notion of locality . therefore , traditional transforms and metrics cannot be used for data organization and analysis . in this paper , our goal is to organize the data by ←
→ a new cut - based genetic algorithm for graph partitioning applied to cell formation ; cell formation is a critical step in the design of cellular manufacturing systems . recently , it was tackled using a cut - based - graph - partitioning model . this model meets real - life production systems requirements as it uses the actual amount of product flows , it looks for the suitable number of cells , and it takes into account the natural constraints such as operation sequences , maximum cell size , cohabitation and non - cohab ←
→ how to beat the adaptive multi - armed bandit ; the multi - armed bandit is a concise model for the problem of iterated decision - making under uncertainty . in each round , a gambler must pull one of $ k $ arms of a slot machine , without any foreknowledge of their payouts , except that they are uniformly bounded . a standard objective is to minimize the gambler ' s regret , defined as the gambler ' s total payout minus the largest payout which would have been achieved by any fixed arm , in hindsight . note that the gambler i ←
→ an experimental comparison of trust region and level sets ; high - order ( non - linear ) functionals have become very popular in segmentation , stereo and other computer vision problems . level sets is a well established general gradient descent framework , which is directly applicable to optimization of such functionals and widely used in practice . recently , another general optimization approach based on trust region methodology was proposed for regional non - linear functionals . our goal is a comprehensive experime ←
→ patch - based carcinoma detection on confocal laser endomicroscopy images - a cross - site robustness assessment ; deep learning technologies such as convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) provide powerful methods for image recognition and have recently been employed in the field of automated carcinoma detection in confocal laser endomicroscopy ( cle ) images . cle is a ( sub -) surface microscopic imaging technique that reaches magnifications of up to 1000x and is thus suitable for in vivo structural tissue analysis .←
→ zero - shot domain adaptation via kernel regression on the grassmannian ; most visual recognition methods implicitly assume the data distribution remains unchanged from training to testing . however , in practice domain shift often exists , where real - world factors such as lighting and sensor type change between train and test , and classifiers do not generalise from source to target domains . it is impractical to train separate models for all possible situations because collecting and labelling the data is expens ←
→ texture classification of mr images of the brain in als using cohog ; texture analysis is a well - known research topic in computer vision and image processing and has many applications . gradient - based texture methods have become popular in classification problems . for the first time we extend a well - known gradient - based method , co - occurrence histograms of oriented gradients ( cohog ) to extract texture features from 2d magnetic resonance images ( mri ). unlike the original cohog method , we use the whole image in ←
→ concepts and their dynamics : a quantum - theoretic modeling of human thought ; we analyze different aspects of our quantum modeling approach of human concepts , and more specifically focus on the quantum effects of contextuality , interference , entanglement and emergence , illustrating how each of them makes its appearance in specific situations of the dynamics of human concepts and their combinations . we point out the relation of our approach , which is based on an ontology of a concept as an entity in a state ←
→ a possibilistic model for qualitative sequential decision problems under uncertainty in partially observable environments ; in this article we propose a qualitative ( ordinal ) counterpart for the partially observable markov decision processes model ( pomdp ) in which the uncertainty , as well as the preferences of the agent , are modeled by possibility distributions . this qualitative counterpart of the pomdp model relies on a possibilistic theory of decision under uncertainty , recently developed . one advantage ←
→ persistent homology in sparse regression and its application to brain morphometry ; sparse systems are usually parameterized by a tuning parameter that determines the sparsity of the system . how to choose the right tuning parameter is a fundamental and difficult problem in learning the sparse system . in this paper , by treating the the tuning parameter as an additional dimension , persistent homological structures over the parameter space is introduced and explored . the structures are then further exploited ←
→ towards a visual turing challenge ; as language and visual understanding by machines progresses rapidly , we are observing an increasing interest in holistic architectures that tightly interlink both modalities in a joint learning and inference process . this trend has allowed the community to progress towards more challenging and open tasks and refueled the hope at achieving the old ai dream of building machines that could pass a turing test in open domains . in order to steadily make progress towards this go ←
→ deceiving google ' s cloud video intelligence api built for summarizing videos ; despite the rapid progress of the techniques for image classification , video annotation has remained a challenging task . automated video annotation would be a breakthrough technology , enabling users to search within the videos . recently , google introduced the cloud video intelligence api for video analysis . as per the website , the system can be used to " separate signal from noise , by retrieving relevant information at the video ←
→ quantum memristors in quantum photonics ; we propose a method to build quantum memristors in quantum photonic platforms . we firstly design an effective beam splitter , which is tunable in real - time , by means of a mach - zehnder - type array with two equal 50 : 50 beam splitters and a tunable retarder , which allows us to control its reflectivity . then , we show that this tunable beam splitter , when equipped with weak measurements and classical feedback , behaves as a quantum memristor . indeed , in order to prove its q ←
→ gradient layer : enhancing the convergence of adversarial training for generative models ; we propose a new technique that boosts the convergence of training generative adversarial networks . generally , the rate of training deep models reduces severely after multiple iterations . a key reason for this phenomenon is that a deep network is expressed using a highly non - convex finite - dimensional model , and thus the parameter gets stuck in a local optimum . because of this , methods often suffer not only from degen ←
→ egyptian dialect stopword list generation from social network data ; this paper proposes a methodology for generating a stopword list from online social network ( osn ) corpora in egyptian dialect ( ed ). the aim of the paper is to investigate the effect of removinged stopwords on the sentiment analysis ( sa ) task . the stopwords lists generated before were on modern standard arabic ( msa ) which is not the common language used in osn . we have generated a stopword list of egyptian dialect to be used with the osn cor ←
→ addressing the rare word problem in neural machine translation ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) is a new approach to machine translation that has shown promising results that are comparable to traditional approaches . a significant weakness in conventional nmt systems is their inability to correctly translate very rare words : end - to - end nmts tend to have relatively small vocabularies with a single unk symbol that represents every possible out - of - vocabulary ( oov ) word . in this paper , we propose and implemen ←
→ compact shape trees : a contribution to the forest of shape correspondences and matching methods ; we propose a novel technique , termed compact shape trees , for computing correspondences of single - boundary 2 - d shapes in o ( n2 ) time . together with zero or more features defined at each of n sample points on the shape ' s boundary , the compact shape tree of a shape comprises the o ( n ) collection of vectors emanating from any of the sample points on the shape ' s boundary to the rest of the sample points on the boun ←
→ deformable model with a complexity independent from image resolution ; we present a parametric deformable model which recovers image components with a complexity independent from the resolution of input images . the proposed model also automatically changes its topology and remains fully compatible with the general framework of deformable models . more precisely , the image space is equipped with a metric that expands salient image details according to their strength and their curvature . during the whole evolu ←
→ regular expressions for decoding of neural network outputs ; this article proposes a convenient tool for decoding the output of neural networks trained by connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) for handwritten text recognition . we use regular expressions to describe the complex structures expected in the writing . the corresponding finite automata are employed to build a decoder . we analyze theoretically which calculations are relevant and which can be avoided . a great speed - up results from an approxima ←
→ joint learning of distributed representations for images and texts ; this technical report provides extra details of the deep multimodal similarity model ( dmsm ) which was proposed in ( fang et al . 2015 , arxiv : 1411 . 4952 ). the model is trained via maximizing global semantic similarity between images and their captions in natural language using the public microsoft coco database , which consists of a large set of images and their corresponding captions . the learned representations attempt to capture the combinat ←
→ roget ' s thesaurus as a lexical resource for natural language processing ; wordnet proved that it is possible to construct a large - scale electronic lexical database on the principles of lexical semantics . it has been accepted and used extensively by computational linguists ever since it was released . inspired by wordnet ' s success , we propose as an alternative a similar resource , based on the 1987 penguin edition of roget ' s thesaurus of english words and phrases . peter mark roget published his first thesaur ←
→ deep trans - layer unsupervised networks for representation learning ; learning features from massive unlabelled data is a vast prevalent topic for high - level tasks in many machine learning applications . the recent great improvements on benchmark data sets achieved by increasingly complex unsupervised learning methods and deep learning models with lots of parameters usually requires many tedious tricks and much expertise to tune . however , filters learned by these complex architectures are quite similar to sta ←
→ political speech generation ; in this report we present a system that can generate political speeches for a desired political party . furthermore , the system allows to specify whether a speech should hold a supportive or opposing opinion . the system relies on a combination of several state - of - the - art nlp methods which are discussed in this report . these include n - grams , justeson & katz pos tag filter , recurrent neural networks , and latent dirichlet allocation . sequences of words are generated based on probab ←
→ playing atari games with deep reinforcement learning and human checkpoint replay ; this paper introduces a novel method for learning how to play the most difficult atari 2600 games from the arcade learning environment using deep reinforcement learning . the proposed method , human checkpoint replay , consists in using checkpoints sampled from human gameplay as starting points for the learning process . this is meant to compensate for the difficulties of current exploration strategies , such as epsilon - greedy , ←
→ interval influence diagrams ; we describe a mechanism for performing probabilistic reasoning in influence diagrams using interval rather than point valued probabilities . we derive the procedures for node removal ( corresponding to conditional expectation ) and arc reversal ( corresponding to bayesian conditioning ) in influence diagrams where lower bounds on probabilities are stored at each node . the resulting bounds for the transformed diagram are shown to be optimal within the class of constraints on probabil ←
→ a fully trainable network with rnn - based pooling ; pooling is an important component in convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for aggregating features and reducing computational burden . compared with other components such as convolutional layers and fully connected layers which are completely learned from data , the pooling component is still handcrafted such as max pooling and average pooling . this paper proposes a learnable pooling function using recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) so that the pooling can be fu ←
→ a tidy data model for natural language processing using cleannlp ; the package cleannlp provides a set of fast tools for converting a textual corpus into a set of normalized tables . the underlying natural language processing pipeline utilizes stanford ' s corenlp library , exposing a number of annotation tasks for text written in english , french , german , and spanish . annotators include tokenization , part of speech tagging , named entity recognition , entity linking , sentiment analysis , dependency parsing , corefe ←
→ agent - oriented approach for detecting and managing risks in emergency situations ; this paper presents an agent - oriented approach to build a decision support system aimed at helping emergency managers to detect and to manage risks . we stress the flexibility and the adaptivity characteristics that are crucial to build a robust and efficient system , able to resolve complex problems . the system should be independent as much as possible from the subject of study . thereby , an original approach based on a mecha ←
→ unsupervised discovery of structured acoustic tokens with applications to spoken term detection ; in this paper , we compare two paradigms for unsupervised discovery of structured acoustic tokens directly from speech corpora without any human annotation . the multigranular paradigm seeks to capture all available information in the corpora with multiple sets of tokens for different model granularities . the hierarchical paradigm attempts to jointly learn several levels of signal representations in a hierarchi ←
→ neural machine translation on scarce - resource condition : a case - study on persian - english ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) is a new approach for machine translation ( mt ), and due to its success , it has absorbed the attention of many researchers in the field . in this paper , we study nmt model on persian - english language pairs , to analyze the model and investigate the appropriateness of the model for scarce - resourced scenarios , the situation that exists for persian - centered translation systems . we adjust t ←
→ basic protocols in quantum reinforcement learning with superconducting circuits ; superconducting circuit technologies have recently achieved quantum protocols involving closed feedback loops . quantum artificial intelligence and quantum machine learning are emerging fields inside quantum technologies which may enable quantum devices to acquire information from the outer world and improve themselves via a learning process . here we propose the implementation of basic protocols in quantum reinforcement learn ←
→ barcodes for medical image retrieval using autoencoded radon transform ; using content - based binary codes to tag digital images has emerged as a promising retrieval technology . recently , radon barcodes ( rbcs ) have been introduced as a new binary descriptor for image search . rbcs are generated by binarization of radon projections and by assembling them into a vector , namely the barcode . a simple local thresholding has been suggested for binarization . in this paper , we put forward the idea of " autoencoded rad ←
→ dyvedeep : dynamic variable effort deep neural networks ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have advanced the state - of - the - art in a variety of machine learning tasks and are deployed in increasing numbers of products and services . however , the computational requirements of training and evaluating large - scale dnns are growing at a much faster pace than the capabilities of the underlying hardware platforms that they are executed upon . in this work , we propose dynamic variable effort deep neural networks ( dyvedeep ) t ←
→ a perceptually weighted rank correlation indicator for objective image quality assessment ; in the field of objective image quality assessment ( iqa ), the spearman ' s $\ rho $ and kendall ' s $\ tau $ are two most popular rank correlation indicators , which straightforwardly assign uniform weight to all quality levels and assume each pair of images are sortable . they are successful for measuring the average accuracy of an iqa metric in ranking multiple processed images . however , two important perceptual properties ←
→ exact sampling from determinantal point processes ; determinantal point processes ( dpps ) are an important concept in random matrix theory and combinatorics . they have also recently attracted interest in the study of numerical methods for machine learning , as they offer an elegant " missing link " between independent monte carlo sampling and deterministic evaluation on regular grids , applicable to a general set of spaces . this is helpful whenever an algorithm * explores * to reduce uncertainty , such as in active ←
→ on the design of lqr kernels for efficient controller learning ; finding optimal feedback controllers for nonlinear dynamic systems from data is hard . recently , bayesian optimization ( bo ) has been proposed as a powerful framework for direct controller tuning from experimental trials . for selecting the next query point and finding the global optimum , bo relies on a probabilistic description of the latent objective function , typically a gaussian process ( gp ). as is shown herein , gps with a common kernel choic ←
→ deep back - projection networks for super - resolution ; the feed - forward architectures of recently proposed deep super - resolution networks learn representations of low - resolution inputs , and the non - linear mapping from those to high - resolution output . however , this approach does not fully address the mutual dependencies of low - and high - resolution images . we propose deep back - projection networks ( dbpn ), that exploit iterative up - and down - sampling layers , providing an error feedback mechanism for projection er ←
→ labeling of query words using conditional random field ; this paper describes our approach on query word labeling as an attempt in the shared task on mixed script information retrieval at forum for information retrieval evaluation ( fire ) 2015 . the query is written in roman script and the words were in english or transliterated from indian regional languages . a total of eight indian languages were present in addition to english . we also identified the named entities and special symbols as part of our task . a ←
→ reflection invariance : an important consideration of image orientation ; in this position paper , we consider the state of computer vision research with respect to invariance to the horizontal orientation of an image -- what we term reflection invariance . we describe why we consider reflection invariance to be an important property and provide evidence where the absence of this invariance produces surprising inconsistencies in state - of - the - art systems . we demonstrate inconsistencies in methods of object dete ←
→ finding a path is harder than finding a tree ; i consider the problem of learning an optimal path graphical model from data and show the problem to be np - hard for the maximum likelihood and minimum description length approaches and a bayesian approach . this hardness result holds despite the fact that the problem is a restriction of the polynomially solvable problem of finding the optimal tree graphical model .←
→ identifying purpose behind electoral tweets ; tweets pertaining to a single event , such as a national election , can number in the hundreds of millions . automatically analyzing them is beneficial in many downstream natural language applications such as question answering and summarization . in this paper , we propose a new task : identifying the purpose behind electoral tweets -- why do people post election - oriented tweets ? we show that identifying purpose is correlated with the related phenomenon of sentiment an ←
→ identifying missing dictionary entries with frequency - conserving context models ; in an effort to better understand meaning from natural language texts , we explore methods aimed at organizing lexical objects into contexts . a number of these methods for organization fall into a family defined by word ordering . unlike demographic or spatial partitions of data , these collocation models are of special importance for their universal applicability . while we are interested here in text and have framed our treatm ←
→ a novel space - time representation on the positive semidefinite con for facial expression recognition ; in this paper , we study the problem of facial expression recognition using a novel space - time geometric representation . we describe the temporal evolution of facial landmarks as parametrized trajectories on the riemannian manifold of positive semidefinite matrices of fixed - rank . our representation has the advantage to bring naturally a second desirable quantity when comparing shapes -- the spatial covari ←
→ a high - reproducibility and high - accuracy method for automated topic classification ; much of human knowledge sits in large databases of unstructured text . leveraging this knowledge requires algorithms that extract and record metadata on unstructured text documents . assigning topics to documents will enable intelligent search , statistical characterization , and meaningful classification . latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) is the state - of - the - art in topic classification . here , we perform a systematic theoreti ←
→ empirical risk minimization is consistent with the mean absolute percentage error ; we study in this paper the consequences of using the mean absolute percentage error ( mape ) as a measure of quality for regression models . we show that finding the best model under the mape is equivalent to doing weighted mean absolute error ( mae ) regression . we also show that , under some asumptions , universal consistency of empirical risk minimization remains possible using the mape .←
→ foveation - based mechanisms alleviate adversarial examples ; we show that adversarial examples , i . e ., the visually imperceptible perturbations that result in convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) fail , can be alleviated with a mechanism based on foveations --- applying the cnn in different image regions . to see this , first , we report results in imagenet that lead to a revision of the hypothesis that adversarial perturbations are a consequence of cnns acting as a linear classifier : cnns act locally linearly to c ←
→ anatomically constrained neural networks ( acnn ): application to cardiac image enhancement and segmentation ; incorporation of prior knowledge about organ shape and location is key to improve performance of image analysis approaches . in particular , priors can be useful in cases where images are corrupted and contain artefacts due to limitations in image acquisition . the highly constrained nature of anatomical objects can be well captured with learning based techniques . however , in most recent and promising ←
→ using natural language processing to screen patients with active heart failure : an exploration for hospital - wide surveillance ; in this paper , we proposed two different approaches , a rule - based approach and a machine - learning based approach , to identify active heart failure cases automatically by analyzing electronic health records ( ehr ). for the rule - based approach , we extracted cardiovascular data elements from clinical notes and matched patients to different colors according their heart failure conditi ←
→ on a non - local spectrogram for denoising one - dimensional signals ; in previous works , we investigated the use of local filters based on partial differential equations ( pde ) to denoise one - dimensional signals through the image processing of time - frequency representations , such as the spectrogram . in this image denoising algorithms , the particularity of the image was hardly taken into account . we turn , in this paper , to study the performance of non - local filters , like neighborhood or yaroslavsky filters , in t ←
→ what ' s in a question : using visual questions as a form of supervision ; collecting fully annotated image datasets is challenging and expensive . many types of weak supervision have been explored : weak manual annotations , web search results , temporal continuity , ambient sound and others . we focus on one particular unexplored mode : visual questions that are asked about images . the key observation that inspires our work is that the question itself provides useful information about the image ( even without the an ←
→ hybrid clustering - classification neural network in the medical diagnostics of reactive arthritis ; the hybrid clustering - classification neural network is proposed . this network allows increasing a quality of information processing under the condition of overlapping classes due to the rational choice of a learning rate parameter and introducing a special procedure of fuzzy reasoning in the clustering process , which occurs both with an external learning signal ( supervised ) and without the one ( unsupervised )←
→ knowledge and the action description language a ; we introduce ak , an extension of the action description language a ( gelfond and lifschitz , 1993 ) to handle actions which affect knowledge . we use sensing actions to increase an agent ' s knowledge of the world and non - deterministic actions to remove knowledge . we include complex plans involving conditionals and loops in our query language for hypothetical reasoning . we also present a translation of ak domain descriptions into epistemic logic programs .←
→ object proposal generation using two - stage cascade svms ; object proposal algorithms have shown great promise as a first step for object recognition and detection . good object proposal generation algorithms require high object recall rate as well as low computational cost , because generating object proposals is usually utilized as a preprocessing step . the problem of how to accelerate the object proposal generation and evaluation process without decreasing recall is thus of great interest . in this paper , we ←
→ can the internet cope with stress ? ; when will the internet become aware of itself ? in this note the problem is approached by asking an alternative question : can the internet cope with stress ? by extrapolating the psychological difference between coping and defense mechanisms a distributed software experiment is outlined which could reject the hypothesis that the internet is not a conscious entity .←
→ voidd : automatic vessel of intervention dynamic detection in pci procedures ; in this article , we present the work towards improving the overall workflow of the percutaneous coronary interventions ( pci ) procedures by capacitating the imaging instruments to precisely monitor the steps of the procedure . in the long term , such capabilities can be used to optimize the image acquisition to reduce the amount of dose or contrast media employed during the procedure . we present the automatic voidd algorithm to det ←
→ encoding multi - resolution brain networks using unsupervised deep learning ; the main goal of this study is to extract a set of brain networks in multiple time - resolutions to analyze the connectivity patterns among the anatomic regions for a given cognitive task . we suggest a deep architecture which learns the natural groupings of the connectivity patterns of human brain in multiple time - resolutions . the suggested architecture is tested on task data set of human connectome project ( hcp ) where we extract mu ←
→ cross - modal manifold learning for cross - modal retrieval ; this paper presents a new scalable algorithm for cross - modal similarity preserving retrieval in a learnt manifold space . unlike existing approaches that compromise between preserving global and local geometries , the proposed technique respects both simultaneously during manifold alignment . the global topologies are maintained by recovering underlying mapping functions in the joint manifold space by deploying partially corresponding instances . the int ←
→ an optimal unrestricted learning procedure ; we study learning problems in the general setup , for arbitrary classes of functions $ f $, distributions $ x $ and targets $ y $. because proper learning procedures , i . e ., procedures that are only allowed to select functions in $ f $, tend to perform poorly unless the problem satisfies some additional structural property ( e . g ., that $ f $ is convex ), we consider unrestricted learning procedures , that is , procedures that are free to choose functions outside the given class ←
→ knowledge acquisition , representation \& manipulation in decision support systems ; in this paper we present a methodology and discuss some implementation issues for a project on statistical / expert approach to data analysis and knowledge acquisition . we discuss some general assumptions underlying the project . further , the requirements for a user - friendly computer assistant are specified along with the nature of tools aiding the researcher . next we show some aspects of belief network approach and dempster -←
→ grouping synonyms by definitions ; we present a method for grouping the synonyms of a lemma according to its dictionary senses . the senses are defined by a large machine readable dictionary for french , the tlfi ( tr \' esor de la langue fran \ c { c } aise informatis \' e ) and the synonyms are given by 5 synonym dictionaries ( also for french ). to evaluate the proposed method , we manually constructed a gold standard where for each ( word , definition ) pair and given the set of synonyms defined for that word by the 5 syno ←
→ visual instance retrieval with deep convolutional networks ; this paper provides an extensive study on the availability of image representations based on convolutional networks ( convnets ) for the task of visual instance retrieval . besides the choice of convolutional layers , we present an efficient pipeline exploiting multi - scale schemes to extract local features , in particular , by taking geometric invariance into explicit account , i . e . positions , scales and spatial consistency . in our experiments using five ←
→ transductive adversarial networks ( tan ) ; transductive adversarial networks ( tan ) is a novel domain - adaptation machine learning framework that is designed for learning a conditional probability distribution on unlabelled input data in a target domain , while also only having access to : ( 1 ) easily obtained labelled data from a related source domain , which may have a different conditional probability distribution than the target domain , and ( 2 ) a marginalised prior distribution on the labels for the target dom ←
→ evolving a stigmergic self - organized data - mining ; self - organizing complex systems typically are comprised of a large number of frequently similar components or events . through their process , a pattern at the global - level of a system emerges solely from numerous interactions among the lower - level components of the system . moreover , the rules specifying interactions among the system ' s components are executed using only local information , without reference to the global pattern , which , as in many real - world p ←
→ a geometric algorithm for scalable multiple kernel learning ; we present a geometric formulation of the multiple kernel learning ( mkl ) problem . to do so , we reinterpret the problem of learning kernel weights as searching for a kernel that maximizes the minimum ( kernel ) distance between two convex polytopes . this interpretation combined with novel structural insights from our geometric formulation allows us to reduce the mkl problem to a simple optimization routine that yields provable convergence as well as ←
→ an online learning algorithm for neuromorphic hardware implementation ; we propose a sign - based online learning ( sol ) algorithm for a neuromorphic hardware framework called trainable analogue block ( tab ). the tab framework utilises the principles of neural population coding , implying that it encodes the input stimulus using a large pool of nonlinear neurons . the sol algorithm is a simple weight update rule that employs the sign of the hidden layer activation and the sign of the output error , which is the di ←
→ skill2vec : machine learning approaches for determining the relevant skill from job description ; un - supervise learned word embeddings have seen tremendous success in numerous natural language processing ( nlp ) tasks in recent years . the main contribution of this paper is to develop a technique called skill2vec , which applies machine learning techniques in recruitment to enhance the search strategy to find the candidates who possess the right skills . skill2vec is a neural network architecture which inspired ←
→ spatio - temporal data mining : a survey of problems and methods ; large volumes of spatio - temporal data are increasingly collected and studied in diverse domains including , climate science , social sciences , neuroscience , epidemiology , transportation , mobile health , and earth sciences . spatio - temporal data differs from relational data for which computational approaches are developed in the data mining community for multiple decades , in that both spatial and temporal attributes are available in addition to the ←
→ on multi - class learning through the minimization of the confusion matrix norm ; in imbalanced multi - class classification problems , the misclassification rate as an error measure may not be a relevant choice . several methods have been developed where the performance measure retained richer information than the mere misclassification rate : misclassification costs , roc - based information , etc . following this idea of dealing with alternate measures of performance , we propose to address imbalanced classificatio ←
→ loosely coupled formulations for automated planning : an integer programming perspective ; we represent planning as a set of loosely coupled network flow problems , where each network corresponds to one of the state variables in the planning domain . the network nodes correspond to the state variable values and the network arcs correspond to the value transitions . the planning problem is to find a path ( a sequence of actions ) in each network such that , when merged , they constitute a feasible plan . in this pa ←
→ deepfm : a factorization - machine based neural network for ctr prediction ; learning sophisticated feature interactions behind user behaviors is critical in maximizing ctr for recommender systems . despite great progress , existing methods seem to have a strong bias towards low - or high - order interactions , or require expertise feature engineering . in this paper , we show that it is possible to derive an end - to - end learning model that emphasizes both low - and high - order feature interactions . the proposed model , d ←
→ tensor2tensor for neural machine translation ; tensor2tensor is a library for deep learning models that is well - suited for neural machine translation and includes the reference implementation of the state - of - the - art transformer model .←
→ kepler : keypoint and pose estimation of unconstrained faces by learning efficient h - cnn regressors ; keypoint detection is one of the most important pre - processing steps in tasks such as face modeling , recognition and verification . in this paper , we present an iterative method for keypoint estimation and pose prediction of unconstrained faces by learning efficient h - cnn regressors ( kepler ) for addressing the face alignment problem . recent state of the art methods have shown improvements in face keypoint d ←
→ neural network based next - song recommendation ; recently , the next - item / basket recommendation system , which considers the sequential relation between bought items , has drawn attention of researchers . the utilization of sequential patterns has boosted performance on several kinds of recommendation tasks . inspired by natural language processing ( nlp ) techniques , we propose a novel neural network ( nn ) based next - song recommender , cnn - rec , in this paper . then , we compare the proposed system with several nn base ←
→ incremental 3d line segments extraction from semi - dense slam ; despite much interest in simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ), there is a lack of efficient methods for representing and processing their large scale point clouds . in this paper , we propose to simplify the point clouds generated by the semi - dense slam using three - dimensional ( 3d ) line segments . specifically , we present a novel incremental approach for 3d line segments extraction . this approach reduces a 3d line segment fitting problem in ←
→ black - box importance sampling ; importance sampling is widely used in machine learning and statistics , but its power is limited by the restriction of using simple proposals for which the importance weights can be tractably calculated . we address this problem by studying black - box importance sampling methods that calculate importance weights for samples generated from any unknown proposal or black - box mechanism . our method allows us to use better and richer proposals to solve difficult problems , and ( somewha ←
→ a generative parser with a discriminative recognition algorithm ; generative models defining joint distributions over parse trees and sentences are useful for parsing and language modeling , but impose restrictions on the scope of features and are often outperformed by discriminative models . we propose a framework for parsing and language modeling which marries a generative model with a discriminative recognition model in an encoder - decoder setting . we provide interpretations of the framework based on expect ←
→ proceedings of the nineteenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 2003 ) ; this is the proceedings of the nineteenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in acapulco , mexico , august 7 - 10 2003 ←
→ learning the structure of deep sparse graphical models ; deep belief networks are a powerful way to model complex probability distributions . however , learning the structure of a belief network , particularly one with hidden units , is difficult . the indian buffet process has been used as a nonparametric bayesian prior on the directed structure of a belief network with a single infinitely wide hidden layer . in this paper , we introduce the cascading indian buffet process ( cibp ), which provides a nonparametric p ←
→ optimal policies search for sensor management ; this paper introduces a new approach to solve sensor management problems . classically sensor management problems can be well formalized as partially - observed markov decision processes ( pompd ). the original approach developped here consists in deriving the optimal parameterized policy based on a stochastic gradient estimation . we assume in this work that it is possible to learn the optimal policy off - line ( in simulation ) using models of the environement and of ←
→ a correlation game for unsupervised learning yields computational interpretations of hebbian excitation , anti - hebbian inhibition , and synapse elimination ; much has been learned about plasticity of biological synapses from empirical studies . hebbian plasticity is driven by correlated activity of presynaptic and postsynaptic neurons . synapses that converge onto the same neuron often behave as if they compete for a fixed resource ; some survive the competition while others are eliminated . to provide comput ←
→ artificial neural network approach for condition - based maintenance ; in this research , computerized maintenance management will be investigated . the rise of maintenance cost forced the research community to look for more effective ways to schedule maintenance operations . using computerized models to come up with optimal maintenance policy has led to better equipment utilization and lower costs . this research adopts condition - based maintenance model where the maintenance decision is generated based on equipm ←
→ direct optimization of ranking measures ; web page ranking and collaborative filtering require the optimization of sophisticated performance measures . current support vector approaches are unable to optimize them directly and focus on pairwise comparisons instead . we present a new approach which allows direct optimization of the relevant loss functions . this is achieved via structured estimation in hilbert spaces . it is most related to max - margin - markov networks optimization of multivariate performance meas ←
→ an unsupervised ensemble - based markov random field approach to microscope cell image segmentation ; in this paper , we propose an approach to the unsupervised segmentation of images using markov random field . the proposed approach is based on the idea of bit plane slicing . we use the planes as initial labellings for an ensemble of segmentations . with pixelwise voting , a robust segmentation approach can be achieved , which we demonstrate on microscope cell images . we tested our approach on a publicly availab ←
→ analog simulator of integro - differential equations with classical memristors ; an analog computer makes use of continuously changeable quantities of a system , such as its electrical , mechanical , or hydraulic properties , to solve a given problem . while these devices are usually computationally more powerful than their digital counterparts , they suffer from analog noise which does not allow to error control . we will focus on analog computers based on active electrical networks comprised of resistors , capaci ←
→ submodular relaxation for inference in markov random fields ; in this paper we address the problem of finding the most probable state of a discrete markov random field ( mrf ), also known as the mrf energy minimization problem . the task is known to be np - hard in general and its practical importance motivates numerous approximate algorithms . we propose a submodular relaxation approach ( smr ) based on a lagrangian relaxation of the initial problem . unlike the dual decomposition approach of komodakis et al ., 2011 ←
→ experiments using belief functions and weights of evidence incorporating statistical data and expert opinions ; this paper presents some ideas and results of using uncertainty management methods in the presence of data in preference to other statistical and machine learning methods . a medical domain is used as a test - bed with data available from a large hospital database system which collects symptom and outcome information about patients . data is often missing , of many variable types and sample sizes for ←
→ human action forecasting by learning task grammars ; for effective human - robot interaction , it is important that a robotic assistant can forecast the next action a human will consider in a given task . unfortunately , real - world tasks are often very long , complex , and repetitive ; as a result forecasting is not trivial . in this paper , we propose a novel deep recurrent architecture that takes as input features from a two - stream residual action recognition framework , and learns to estimate the progress of human ←
→ optimal decision - theoretic classification using non - decomposable performance metrics ; we provide a general theoretical analysis of expected out - of - sample utility , also referred to as decision - theoretic classification , for non - decomposable binary classification metrics such as f - measure and jaccard coefficient . our key result is that the expected out - of - sample utility for many performance metrics is provably optimized by a classifier which is equivalent to a signed thresholding of the conditional probabil ←
→ a correspondence - less approach to matching of deformable shapes ; finding a match between partially available deformable shapes is a challenging problem with numerous applications . the problem is usually approached by computing local descriptors on a pair of shapes and then establishing a point - wise correspondence between the two . in this paper , we introduce an alternative correspondence - less approach to matching fragments to an entire shape undergoing a non - rigid deformation . we use diffusion geometric des ←
→ deep joint rain and haze removal from single images ; rain removal from a single image is a challenge which has been studied for a long time . in this paper , a novel convolutional neural network based on wavelet and dark channel is proposed . on one hand , we think that rain streaks correspond to high frequency component of the image . therefore , haar wavelet transform is a good choice to separate the rain streaks and background to some extent . more specifically , the ll subband of a rain image is more inclined ←
→ cuckoo search : recent advances and applications ; cuckoo search ( cs ) is a relatively new algorithm , developed by yang and deb in 2009 , and cs is efficient in solving global optimization problems . in this paper , we review the fundamental ideas of cuckoo search and the latest developments as well as its applications . we analyze the algorithm and gain insight into its search mechanisms and find out why it is efficient . we also discuss the essence of algorithms and its link to self - organizing systems , and final ←
→ large scale distributed semi - supervised learning using streaming approximation ; traditional graph - based semi - supervised learning ( ssl ) approaches , even though widely applied , are not suited for massive data and large label scenarios since they scale linearly with the number of edges $| e |$ and distinct labels $ m $. to deal with the large label size problem , recent works propose sketch - based methods to approximate the distribution on labels per node thereby achieving a space reduction from $ o ( m )$ to $ o (\ log ←
→ a benchmark for iris location and a deep learning detector evaluation ; the iris is considered as the biometric trait with the highest unique probability . the iris location is an important task for biometrics systems , affecting directly the results obtained in specific applications such as iris recognition , spoofing and contact lenses detection , among others . this work defines the iris location problem as the delimitation of a smallest squared window that encompass the iris region . in order to build a bench ←
→ testing quantum models of conjunction fallacy on the world wide web ; the ' conjunction fallacy ' has been extensively debated by scholars in cognitive science and , in recent times , the discussion has been enriched by the proposal of modeling the fallacy using the quantum formalism . two major quantum approaches have been put forward : the first assumes that respondents use a two - step sequential reasoning and that the fallacy results from the presence of ' question order effects '; the second assumes that respond ←
→ mixture of bilateral - projection two - dimensional probabilistic principal component analysis ; the probabilistic principal component analysis ( ppca ) is built upon a global linear mapping , with which it is insufficient to model complex data variation . this paper proposes a mixture of bilateral - projection probabilistic principal component analysis model ( mixb2dppca ) on 2d data . with multi - components in the mixture , this model can be seen as a soft cluster algorithm and has capability of modeling data with com ←
→ a higher - order mrf based variational model for multiplicative noise reduction ; the fields of experts ( foe ) image prior model , a filter - based higher - order markov random fields ( mrf ) model , has been shown to be effective for many image restoration problems . motivated by the successes of foe - based approaches , in this letter , we propose a novel variational model for multiplicative noise reduction based on the foe image prior model . the resulted model corresponds to a non - convex minimization problem , which ca ←
→ wasserstein cnn : learning invariant features for nir - vis face recognition ; heterogeneous face recognition ( hfr ) aims to match facial images acquired from different sensing modalities with mission - critical applications in forensics , security and commercial sectors . however , hfr is a much more challenging problem than traditional face recognition because of large intra - class variations of heterogeneous face images and limited training samples of cross - modality face image pairs . this paper proposes a novel ←
→ recovering from random pruning : on the plasticity of deep convolutional neural networks ; recently there has been a lot of work on pruning filters from deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) with the intention of reducing computations . the key idea is to rank the filters based on a certain criterion ( say , $ l_1 $- norm , average percentage of zeros , etc ) and retain only the top ranked filters . once the low scoring filters are pruned away the remainder of the network is fine tuned and is shown to give perfo ←
→ theoretical properties for neural networks with weight matrices of low displacement rank ; recently low displacement rank ( ldr ) matrices , or so - called structured matrices , have been proposed to compress large - scale neural networks . empirical results have shown that neural networks with weight matrices of ldr matrices , referred as ldr neural networks , can achieve significant reduction in space and computational complexity while retaining high accuracy . we formally study ldr matrices in deep learning . first ←
→ star : spatio - temporal altimeter waveform retracking using sparse representation and conditional random fields ; satellite radar altimetry is one of the most powerful techniques for measuring sea surface height variations , with applications ranging from operational oceanography to climate research . over open oceans , altimeter return waveforms generally correspond to the brown model , and by inversion , estimated shape parameters provide mean surface height and wind speed . however , in coastal areas or over in ←
→ end - to - end global to local cnn learning for hand pose recovery in depth data ; despite recent advances in 3d pose estimation of human hands , especially thanks to the advent of cnns and depth cameras , this task is still far from being solved . this is mainly due to the highly non - linear dynamics of fingers , which makes hand model training a challenging task . in this paper , we exploit a novel hierarchical tree - like structured cnn , in which branches are trained to become specialized in predefined subsets of h ←
→ deep meta - learning : learning to learn in the concept space ; few - shot learning remains challenging for meta - learning that learns a learning algorithm ( meta - learner ) from many related tasks . in this work , we argue that this is due to the lack of a good representation for meta - learning , and propose deep meta - learning to integrate the representation power of deep learning into meta - learning . the framework is composed of three modules , a concept generator , a meta - learner , and a concept discriminator , which are ←
→ ego - object discovery ; lifelogging devices are spreading faster everyday . this growth can represent great benefits to develop methods for extraction of meaningful information about the user wearing the device and his / her environment . in this paper , we propose a semi - supervised strategy for easily discovering objects relevant to the person wearing a first - person camera . given an egocentric video / images sequence acquired by the camera , our algorithm uses both the appearance extracted by means of a convolution ←
→ using visual analytics to interpret predictive machine learning models ; it is commonly believed that increasing the interpretability of a machine learning model may decrease its predictive power . however , inspecting input - output relationships of those models using visual analytics , while treating them as black - box , can help to understand the reasoning behind outcomes without sacrificing predictive quality . we identify a space of possible solutions and provide two examples of where such techniques have been ←
→ self - modification of policy and utility function in rational agents ; any agent that is part of the environment it interacts with and has versatile actuators ( such as arms and fingers ), will in principle have the ability to self - modify -- for example by changing its own source code . as we continue to create more and more intelligent agents , chances increase that they will learn about this ability . the question is : will they want to use it ? for example , highly intelligent systems may find ways to change thei ←
→ parametric gaussian process regression for big data ; this work introduces the concept of parametric gaussian processes ( pgps ), which is built upon the seemingly self - contradictory idea of making gaussian processes parametric . parametric gaussian processes , by construction , are designed to operate in " big data " regimes where one is interested in quantifying the uncertainty associated with noisy data . the proposed methodology circumvents the well - established need for stochastic variational inference , a scala ←
→ parallel training of dnns with natural gradient and parameter averaging ; we describe the neural - network training framework used in the kaldi speech recognition toolkit , which is geared towards training dnns with large amounts of training data using multiple gpu - equipped or multi - core machines . in order to be as hardware - agnostic as possible , we needed a way to use multiple machines without generating excessive network traffic . our method is to average the neural network parameters periodically ( typically e ←
→ towards proving the adversarial robustness of deep neural networks ; autonomous vehicles are highly complex systems , required to function reliably in a wide variety of situations . manually crafting software controllers for these vehicles is difficult , but there has been some success in using deep neural networks generated using machine - learning . however , deep neural networks are opaque to human engineers , rendering their correctness very difficult to prove manually ; and existing automated techniques , which ←
→ an experimental comparison of naive bayesian and keyword - based anti - spam filtering with personal e - mail messages ; the growing problem of unsolicited bulk e - mail , also known as " spam ", has generated a need for reliable anti - spam e - mail filters . filters of this type have so far been based mostly on manually constructed keyword patterns . an alternative approach has recently been proposed , whereby a naive bayesian classifier is trained automatically to detect spam messages . we test this approach on a large c ←
→ transfer learning using logistic regression in credit scoring ; the credit scoring risk management is a fast growing field due to consumer ' s credit requests . credit requests , of new and existing customers , are often evaluated by classical discrimination rules based on customers information . however , these kinds of strategies have serious limits and don ' t take into account the characteristics difference between current customers and the future ones . the aim of this paper is to measure credit worthiness for n ←
→ rgb - d salient object detection based on discriminative cross - modal transfer learning ; in this work , we propose to utilize convolutional neural networks to boost the performance of depth - induced salient object detection by capturing the high - level representative features for depth modality . we formulate the depth - induced saliency detection as a cnn - based cross - modal transfer problem to bridge the gap between the " data - hungry " nature of cnns and the unavailability of sufficient labeled training data in dep ←
→ delta networks for optimized recurrent network computation ; many neural networks exhibit stability in their activation patterns over time in response to inputs from sensors operating under real - world conditions . by capitalizing on this property of natural signals , we propose a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) architecture called a delta network in which each neuron transmits its value only when the change in its activation exceeds a threshold . the execution of rnns as delta networks is attractive because the ←
→ an effective evolutionary clustering algorithm : hepatitis c case study ; clustering analysis plays an important role in scientific research and commercial application . k - means algorithm is a widely used partition method in clustering . however , it is known that the k - means algorithm may get stuck at suboptimal solutions , depending on the choice of the initial cluster centers . in this article , we propose a technique to handle large scale data , which can select initial clustering center purposefully using gene ←
→ deep convolutional filter banks for texture recognition and segmentation ; research in texture recognition often concentrates on the problem of material recognition in uncluttered conditions , an assumption rarely met by applications . in this work we conduct a first study of material and describable texture at - tributes recognition in clutter , using a new dataset derived from the opensurface texture repository . motivated by the challenge posed by this problem , we propose a new texture descriptor , d - cnn , obta ←
→ de - identification in practice ; we report our effort to identify the sensitive information , subset of data items listed by hipaa ( health insurance portability and accountability ), from medical text using the recent advances in natural language processing and machine learning techniques . we represent the words with high dimensional continuous vectors learned by a variant of word2vec called continous bag of words ( cbow ). we feed the word vectors into a simple neural network with a long short - term memory ( lstm ←
→ a self - supervised terrain roughness estimator for off - road autonomous driving ; we present a machine learning approach for estimating the second derivative of a drivable surface , its roughness . robot perception generally focuses on the first derivative , obstacle detection . however , the second derivative is also important due to its direct relation ( with speed ) to the shock the vehicle experiences . knowing the second derivative allows a vehicle to slow down in advance of rough terrain . estimating the secon ←
→ approximating solution structure of the weighted sentence alignment problem ; we study the complexity of approximating solution structure of the bijective weighted sentence alignment problem of denero and klein ( 2008 ). in particular , we consider the complexity of finding an alignment that has a significant overlap with an optimal alignment . we discuss ways of representing the solution for the general weighted sentence alignment as well as phrases - to - words alignment problem , and show that computing a strin ←
→ real - time monocular object slam ; we present a real - time object - based slam system that leverages the largest object database to date . our approach comprises two main components : 1 ) a monocular slam algorithm that exploits object rigidity constraints to improve the map and find its real scale , and 2 ) a novel object recognition algorithm based on bags of binary words , which provides live detections with a database of 500 3d objects . the two components work together and benefit each other : the slam algorithm a ←
→ quantifying rational belief ; some criticisms that have been raised against the cox approach to probability theory are addressed . should we use a single real number to measure a degree of rational belief ? can beliefs be compared ? are the cox axioms obvious ? are there counterexamples to cox ? rather than justifying cox ' s choice of axioms we follow a different path and derive the sum and product rules of probability theory as the unique ( up to regraduations ) consistent representations of the boolean and and or ←
→ comparing various regression methods on ensemble strategies in differential evolution ; differential evolution possesses a multitude of various strategies for generating new trial solutions . unfortunately , the best strategy is not known in advance . moreover , this strategy usually depends on the problem to be solved . this paper suggests using various regression methods ( like random forest , extremely randomized trees , gradient boosting , decision trees , and a generalized linear model ) on ensemble strategies ←
→ neuralpower : predict and deploy energy - efficient convolutional neural networks ; " how much energy is consumed for an inference made by a convolutional neural network ( cnn )?" with the increased popularity of cnns deployed on the wide - spectrum of platforms ( from mobile devices to workstations ), the answer to this question has drawn significant attention . from lengthening battery life of mobile devices to reducing the energy bill of a datacenter , it is important to understand the energy efficiency of cnns du ←
→ strong equivalence of qualitative optimization problems ; we introduce the framework of qualitative optimization problems ( or , simply , optimization problems ) to represent preference theories . the formalism uses separate modules to describe the space of outcomes to be compared ( the generator ) and the preferences on outcomes ( the selector ). we consider two types of optimization problems . they differ in the way the generator , which we model by a propositional theory , is interpreted : by the standard proposition ←
→ accurate optical flow via direct cost volume processing ; we present an optical flow estimation approach that operates on the full four - dimensional cost volume . this direct approach shares the structural benefits of leading stereo matching pipelines , which are known to yield high accuracy . to this day , such approaches have been considered impractical due to the size of the cost volume . we show that the full four - dimensional cost volume can be constructed in a fraction of a second due to its regularity . we t ←
→ santiago : spine association for neuron topology improvement and graph optimization ; developing automated and semi - automated solutions for reconstructing wiring diagrams of the brain from electron micrographs is important for advancing the field of connectomics . while the ultimate goal is to generate a graph of neuron connectivity , most prior automated methods have focused on volume segmentation rather than explicit graph estimation . in these approaches , one of the key , commonly occurring error modes is d ←
→ cross - recurrence quantification analysis of categorical and continuous time series : an r package ; this paper describes the r package crqa to perform cross - recurrence quantification analysis of two time series of either a categorical or continuous nature . streams of behavioral information , from eye movements to linguistic elements , unfold over time . when two people interact , such as in conversation , they often adapt to each other , leading these behavioral levels to exhibit recurrent states . in dialogue , f ←
→ burn - in demonstrations for multi - modal imitation learning ; recent work on imitation learning has generated policies that reproduce expert behavior from multi - modal data . however , past approaches have focused only on recreating a small number of distinct , expert maneuvers , or have relied on supervised learning techniques that produce unstable policies . this work extends infogail , an algorithm for multi - modal imitation learning , to reproduce behavior over an extended period of time . our approach involves ref ←
→ admissible and restrained revision ; as partial justification of their framework for iterated belief revision darwiche and pearl convincingly argued against boutiliers natural revision and provided a prototypical revision operator that fits into their scheme . we show that the darwiche - pearl arguments lead naturally to the acceptance of a smaller class of operators which we refer to as admissible . admissible revision ensures that the penultimate input is not ignored completely , thereby eliminating natural re ←
→ knowledge fusion via embeddings from text , knowledge graphs , and images ; we present a baseline approach for cross - modal knowledge fusion . different basic fusion methods are evaluated on existing embedding approaches to show the potential of joining knowledge about certain concepts across modalities in a fused concept representation .←
→ robust matrix elastic net based canonical correlation analysis : an effective algorithm for multi - view unsupervised learning ; this paper presents a robust matrix elastic net based canonical correlation analysis ( rmen - cca ) for multiple view unsupervised learning problems , which emphasizes the combination of cca and the robust matrix elastic net ( rmen ) used as coupled feature selection . the rmen - cca leverages the strength of the rmen to distill naturally meaningful features without any prior assumption and ←
→ non - convex rank minimization via an empirical bayesian approach ; in many applications that require matrix solutions of minimal rank , the underlying cost function is non - convex leading to an intractable , np - hard optimization problem . consequently , the convex nuclear norm is frequently used as a surrogate penalty term for matrix rank . the problem is that in many practical scenarios there is no longer any guarantee that we can correctly estimate generative low - rank matrices of interest , theoretical special ca ←
→ improved texture image classification through the use of a corrosion - inspired cellular automaton ; in this paper , the problem of classifying synthetic and natural texture images is addressed . to tackle this problem , an innovative method is proposed that combines concepts from corrosion modeling and cellular automata to generate a texture descriptor . the core processes of metal ( pitting ) corrosion are identified and applied to texture images by incorporating the basic mechanisms of corrosion in the transit ←
→ regular boardgames ; we present an initial version of regular boardgames general game description language . this stands as an extension of simplified boardgames language . our language is designed to be able to express the rules of a majority of popular boardgames including the complex rules such as promotions , castling , en passant , jump captures , liberty captures , and obligatory moves . the language describes all the above through one consistent general mechanism based on regular expressions , without using e ←
→ learning depth from monocular videos using direct methods ; the ability to predict depth from a single image - using recent advances in cnns - is of increasing interest to the vision community . unsupervised strategies to learning are particularly appealing as they can utilize much larger and varied monocular video datasets during learning without the need for ground truth depth or stereo . in previous works , separate pose and depth cnn predictors had to be determined such that their joint outputs minimized t ←
→ a survey of exemplar - based texture synthesis ; exemplar - based texture synthesis is the process of generating , from an input sample , new texture images of arbitrary size and which are perceptually equivalent to the sample . the two main approaches are statistics - based methods and patch re - arrangement methods . in the first class , a texture is characterized by a statistical signature ; then , a random sampling conditioned to this signature produces genuinely different texture images . the second class boils down t ←
→ energy saving additive neural network ; in recent years , machine learning techniques based on neural networks for mobile computing become increasingly popular . classical multi - layer neural networks require matrix multiplications at each stage . multiplication operation is not an energy efficient operation and consequently it drains the battery of the mobile device . in this paper , we propose a new energy efficient neural network with the universal approximation property over space of lebesgue integrable funct ←
→ frame stacking and retaining for recurrent neural network acoustic model ; frame stacking is broadly applied in end - to - end neural network training like connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ), and it leads to more accurate models and faster decoding . however , it is not well - suited to conventional neural network based on context - dependent state acoustic model , if the decoder is unchanged . in this paper , we propose a novel frame retaining method which is applied in decoding . the system which combined fram ←
→ genus computing for 3d digital objects : algorithm and implementation ; this paper deals with computing topological invariants such as connected components , boundary surface genus , and homology groups . for each input data set , we have designed or implemented algorithms to calculate connected components , boundary surfaces and their genus , and homology groups . due to the fact that genus calculation dominates the entire task for 3d object in 3d space , in this paper , we mainly discuss the calculation of the genu ←
→ linear convergence of variance - reduced stochastic gradient without strong convexity ; stochastic gradient algorithms estimate the gradient based on only one or a few samples and enjoy low computational cost per iteration . they have been widely used in large - scale optimization problems . however , stochastic gradient algorithms are usually slow to converge and achieve sub - linear convergence rates , due to the inherent variance in the gradient computation . to accelerate the convergence , some variance - reduced s ←
→ conditional expressions for blind deconvolution : derivative form ; we developed novel conditional expressions ( ces ) for lane and bates ' blind deconvolution . the ces are given in term of the derivatives of the zero - values of the z - transform of given images . the ces make it possible to automatically detect multiple blur convolved in the given images all at once without performing any analysis of the zero - sheets of the given images . we illustrate the multiple blur - detection by the ces for a model image ←
→ template matching based object detection using hog feature pyramid ; this article provides a step by step development of designing a object detection scheme using the hog based feature pyramid aligned with the concept of template matching .←
→ dynamic infinite mixed - membership stochastic blockmodel ; directional and pairwise measurements are often used to model inter - relationships in a social network setting . the mixed - membership stochastic blockmodel ( mmsb ) was a seminal work in this area , and many of its capabilities were extended since then . in this paper , we propose the \ emph { dynamic infinite mixed - membership stochastic blockmodel ( dim3 )}, a generalised framework that extends the existing work to a potentially infinite number of communities a ←
→ artificial intelligence in reverse supply chain management : the state of the art ; product take - back legislation forces manufacturers to bear the costs of collection and disposal of products that have reached the end of their useful lives . in order to reduce these costs , manufacturers can consider reuse , remanufacturing and / or recycling of components as an alternative to disposal . the implementation of such alternatives usually requires an appropriate reverse supply chain management . with the concepts of ←
→ inference in hidden markov models with explicit state duration distributions ; in this letter we borrow from the inference techniques developed for unbounded state - cardinality ( nonparametric ) variants of the hmm and use them to develop a tuning - parameter free , black - box inference procedure for explicit - state - duration hidden markov models ( edhmm ). edhmms are hmms that have latent states consisting of both discrete state - indicator and discrete state - duration random variables . in contrast to the implicit geo ←
→ doubly robust data - driven distributionally robust optimization ; data - driven distributionally robust optimization ( dd - dro ) via optimal transport has been shown to encompass a wide range of popular machine learning algorithms . the distributional uncertainty size is often shown to correspond to the regularization parameter . the type of regularization ( e . g . the norm used to regularize ) corresponds to the shape of the distributional uncertainty . we propose a data - driven robust optimization methodology to inform ←
→ a method for context - based adaptive qrs clustering in real - time ; continuous follow - up of heart condition through long - term electrocardiogram monitoring is an invaluable tool for diagnosing some cardiac arrhythmias . in such context , providing tools for fast locating alterations of normal conduction patterns is mandatory and still remains an open issue . this work presents a real - time method for adaptive clustering qrs complexes from multilead ecg signals that provides the set of qrs morphologies that appear ←
→ feature - fused ssd : fast detection for small objects ; small objects detection is a challenging task in computer vision due to its limited resolution and information . in order to solve this problem , the majority of existing methods sacrifice speed for improvement in accuracy . in this paper , we aim to detect small objects at a fast speed , using the best object detector single shot multibox detector ( ssd ) with respect to accuracy - vs - speed trade - off as base architecture . we propose a multi - level feature fusion ←
→ on the read - once property of branching programs and cnfs of bounded treewidth ; in this paper we prove a space lower bound of $ n ^{\ omega ( k )}$ for non - deterministic ( syntactic ) read - once branching programs ({\ sc nrobp } s ) on functions expressible as {\ sc cnf } s with treewidth at most $ k $ of their primal graphs . this lower bound rules out the possibility of fixed - parameter space complexity of {\ sc nrobp } s parameterized by $ k $. we use lower bound for {\ sc nrobp } s to obtain a quasi - polynomial separation betwe ←
→ construction of neural networks for realization of localized deep learning ; the subject of deep learning has recently attracted users of machine learning from various disciplines , including : medical diagnosis and bioinformatics , financial market analysis and online advertisement , speech and handwriting recognition , computer vision and natural language processing , time series forecasting , and search engines . however , theoretical development of deep learning is still at its infancy . the objective of this p ←
→ a minimax surrogate loss approach to conditional difference estimation ; we present a new machine learning approach to estimate personalized treatment effects in the classical potential outcomes framework with binary outcomes . to overcome the problem that both treatment and control outcomes for the same unit are required for supervised learning , we propose surrogate loss functions that incorporate both treatment and control data . the new surrogates yield tighter bounds than the sum of losses for treatment a ←
→ online learning with composite loss functions ; we study a new class of online learning problems where each of the online algorithm ' s actions is assigned an adversarial value , and the loss of the algorithm at each step is a known and deterministic function of the values assigned to its recent actions . this class includes problems where the algorithm ' s loss is the minimum over the recent adversarial values , the maximum over the recent values , or a linear combination of the recent values . we analyze the minim ←
→ ten years of pedestrian detection , what have we learned ? ; paper - by - paper results make it easy to miss the forest for the trees . we analyse the remarkable progress of the last decade by discussing the main ideas explored in the 40 + detectors currently present in the caltech pedestrian detection benchmark . we observe that there exist three families of approaches , all currently reaching similar detection quality . based on our analysis , we study the complementarity of the most promising ideas by combining multi ←
→ asimovian adaptive agents ; the goal of this research is to develop agents that are adaptive and predictable and timely . at first blush , these three requirements seem contradictory . for example , adaptation risks introducing undesirable side effects , thereby making agents ' behavior less predictable . furthermore , although formal verification can assist in ensuring behavioral predictability , it is known to be time - consuming . our solution to the challenge of satisfying all three requirements is the following . a ←
→ hyper - heuristic algorithm for finding efficient features in diagnose of lung cancer disease ; background : lung cancer was known as primary cancers and the survival rate of cancer is about 15 %. early detection of lung cancer is the leading factor in survival rate . all symptoms ( features ) of lung cancer do not appear until the cancer spreads to other areas . it needs an accurate early detection of lung cancer , for increasing the survival rate . for accurate detection , it need characterizes efficient features ←
→ pac - bayesian theory meets bayesian inference ; we exhibit a strong link between frequentist pac - bayesian risk bounds and the bayesian marginal likelihood . that is , for the negative log - likelihood loss function , we show that the minimization of pac - bayesian generalization risk bounds maximizes the bayesian marginal likelihood . this provides an alternative explanation to the bayesian occam ' s razor criteria , under the assumption that the data is generated by an i . i . d distribution . moreover , as the negative log ←
→ qpass : a merit - based evaluation of soccer passes ; quantitative analysis of soccer players ' passing ability focuses on descriptive statistics without considering the players ' real contribution to the passing and ball possession strategy of their team . which player is able to help the build - up of an attack , or to maintain the possession of the ball ? we introduce a novel methodology called qpass to answer questions like these quantitatively . based on the analysis of an entire season , we rank the players based ←
→ investigating the stylistic relevance of adjective and verb simile markers ; similes play an important role in literary texts not only as rhetorical devices and as figures of speech but also because of their evocative power , their aptness for description and the relative ease with which they can be combined with other figures of speech ( israel et al . 2004 ). detecting all types of simile constructions in a particular text therefore seems crucial when analysing the style of an author . few research studies h ←
→ mixing time estimation in reversible markov chains from a single sample path ; the spectral gap $\ gamma $ of a finite , ergodic , and reversible markov chain is an important parameter measuring the asymptotic rate of convergence . in applications , the transition matrix $ p $ may be unknown , yet one sample of the chain up to a fixed time $ n $ may be observed . we consider here the problem of estimating $\ gamma $ from this data . let $\ pi $ be the stationary distribution of $ p $, and $\ pi_ \ star = \ min_x \ pi ( x )$. we sho ←
→ learning optimal augmented bayes networks ; naive bayes is a simple bayesian classifier with strong independence assumptions among the attributes . this classifier , desipte its strong independence assumptions , often performs well in practice . it is believed that relaxing the independence assumptions of a naive bayes classifier may improve the classification accuracy of the resulting structure . while finding an optimal unconstrained bayesian network ( for most any reasonable scoring measure ) is an np - hard prob ←
→ how good is the electricity benchmark for evaluating concept drift adaptation ; in this correspondence , we will point out a problem with testing adaptive classifiers on autocorrelated data . in such a case random change alarms may boost the accuracy figures . hence , we cannot be sure if the adaptation is working well .←
→ auto - differentiating linear algebra ; development systems for deep learning , such as theano , torch , tensorflow , or mxnet , are easy - to - use tools for creating complex neural network models . since gradient computations are automatically baked in , and execution is mapped to high performance hardware , these models can be trained end - to - end on large amounts of data . however , it is currently not easy to implement many basic machine learning primitives in these systems ( such as gaussian processes , least squares est ←
→ kernelized deep convolutional neural network for describing complex images ; with the impressive capability to capture visual content , deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have demon - strated promising performance in various vision - based ap - plications , such as classification , recognition , and objec - t detection . however , due to the intrinsic structure design of cnn , for images with complex content , it achieves lim - ited capability on invariance to translation , rotation , and re - sizing changes , which i ←
→ reweighted low - rank tensor completion and its applications in video recovery ; this paper focus on recovering multi - dimensional data called tensor from randomly corrupted incomplete observation . inspired by reweighted $ l_1 $ norm minimization for sparsity enhancement , this paper proposes a reweighted singular value enhancement scheme to improve tensor low tubular rank in the tensor completion process . an efficient iterative decomposition scheme based on t - svd is proposed which improves low - rank signal reco ←
→ grounded language understanding for manipulation instructions using gan - based classification ; the target task of this study is grounded language understanding for domestic service robots ( dsrs ). in particular , we focus on instruction understanding for short sentences where verbs are missing . this task is of critical importance to build communicative dsrs because manipulation is essential for dsrs . existing instruction understanding methods usually estimate missing information only from non - grounded knowl ←
→ active causation and the origin of meaning ; purpose and meaning are necessary concepts for understanding mind and culture , but appear to be absent from the physical world and are not part of the explanatory framework of the natural sciences . understanding how meaning ( in the broad sense of the term ) could arise from a physical world has proven to be a tough problem . the basic scheme of darwinian evolution produces adaptations that only represent apparent (" as if ") goals and meaning . here i use evolutionary ←
→ locality - sensitive hashing with margin based feature selection ; we propose a learning method with feature selection for locality - sensitive hashing . locality - sensitive hashing converts feature vectors into bit arrays . these bit arrays can be used to perform similarity searches and personal authentication . the proposed method uses bit arrays longer than those used in the end for similarity and other searches and by learning selects the bits that will be used . we demonstrated this method can effectively perfo ←
→ group $ k $- means ; we study how to learn multiple dictionaries from a dataset , and approximate any data point by the sum of the codewords each chosen from the corresponding dictionary . although theoretically low approximation errors can be achieved by the global solution , an effective solution has not been well studied in practice . to solve the problem , we propose a simple yet effective algorithm \ textit { group $ k $- means }. specifically , we take each dictionary , or any two selected dictionaries , as a group of ←
→ hierarchical multiclass decompositions with application to authorship determination ; this paper is mainly concerned with the question of how to decompose multiclass classification problems into binary subproblems . we extend known jensen - shannon bounds on the bayes risk of binary problems to hierarchical multiclass problems and use these bounds to develop a heuristic procedure for constructing hierarchical multiclass decomposition for multinomials . we test our method and compare it to the well known " all -←
→ learning representations of emotional speech with deep convolutional generative adversarial networks ; automatically assessing emotional valence in human speech has historically been a difficult task for machine learning algorithms . the subtle changes in the voice of the speaker that are indicative of positive or negative emotional states are often " overshadowed " by voice characteristics relating to emotional intensity or emotional activation . in this work we explore a representation learning approach tha ←
→ why neurons have thousands of synapses , a theory of sequence memory in neocortex ; neocortical neurons have thousands of excitatory synapses . it is a mystery how neurons integrate the input from so many synapses and what kind of large - scale network behavior this enables . it has been previously proposed that non - linear properties of dendrites enable neurons to recognize multiple patterns . in this paper we extend this idea by showing that a neuron with several thousand synapses arranged along active dendrit ←
→ vehicle tracking in wide area motion imagery via stochastic progressive association across multiple frames ( spaam ) ; vehicle tracking in wide area motion imagery ( wami ) relies on associating vehicle detections across multiple wami frames to form tracks corresponding to individual vehicles . the temporal window length , i . e ., the number $ m $ of sequential frames , over which associations are collectively estimated poses a trade - off between accuracy and computational complexity . a larger $ m $ improves performanc ←
→ multiple closed - form local metric learning for k - nearest neighbor classifier ; many researches have been devoted to learn a mahalanobis distance metric , which can effectively improve the performance of knn classification . most approaches are iterative and computational expensive and linear rigidity still critically limits metric learning algorithm to perform better . we proposed a computational economical framework to learn multiple metrics in closed - form .←
→ regret in online combinatorial optimization ; we address online linear optimization problems when the possible actions of the decision maker are represented by binary vectors . the regret of the decision maker is the difference between her realized loss and the best loss she would have achieved by picking , in hindsight , the best possible action . our goal is to understand the magnitude of the best possible ( minimax ) regret . we study the problem under three different assumptions for the feedback the decision m ←
→ syntax evolution : problems and recursion ; why did only we humans evolve turing completeness ? turing completeness is the maximum computing power , and we are turing complete because we can calculate whatever any turing machine can compute . thus we can learn any natural or artificial language , and it seems that no other species can , so we are the only turing complete species . the evolutionary advantage of turing completeness is full problem solving , and not syntactic proficiency , but the expression of problem ←
→ axiomatizing causal reasoning ; causal models defined in terms of a collection of equations , as defined by pearl , are axiomatized here . axiomatizations are provided for three successively more general classes of causal models : ( 1 ) the class of recursive theories ( those without feedback ), ( 2 ) the class of theories where the solutions to the equations are unique , ( 3 ) arbitrary theories ( where the equations may not have solutions and , if they do , they are not necessarily unique ). it is shown that to reason abo ←
→ ranking based locality sensitive hashing enabled cancelable biometrics : index - of - max hashing ; in this paper , we propose a ranking based locality sensitive hashing inspired two - factor cancelable biometrics , dubbed " index - of - max " ( iom ) hashing for biometric template protection . with externally generated random parameters , iom hashing transforms a real - valued biometric feature vector into discrete index ( max ranked ) hashed code . we demonstrate two realizations from iom hashing notion , namely gaussian random ←
→ 3dof pedestrian trajectory prediction learned from long - term autonomous mobile robot deployment data ; this paper presents a novel 3dof pedestrian trajectory prediction approach for autonomous mobile service robots . while most previously reported methods are based on learning of 2d positions in monocular camera images , our approach uses range - finder sensors to learn and predict 3dof pose trajectories ( i . e . 2d position plus 1d rotation within the world coordinate system ). our approach , t - pose - lstm ( tempora ←
→ diversity regularization in deep ensembles ; calibrating the confidence of supervised learning models is important for a variety of contexts where the certainty over predictions should be reliable . however , it has been reported that deep neural network models are often too poorly calibrated for achieving complex tasks requiring reliable uncertainty estimates in their prediction . in this work , we are proposing a strategy for training deep ensembles with a diversity function regularization , which improves the ←
→ a disembodied developmental robotic agent called samu bátfai ; the agent program , called samu , is an experiment to build a disembodied devrob ( developmental robotics ) chatter bot that can talk in a natural language like humans do . one of the main design feature is that samu can be interacted with using only a character terminal . this is important not only for practical aspects of turing test or loebner prize , but also for the study of basic principles of developmental robotics . our purpose is to create a ra ←
→ on the sample complexity of predictive sparse coding ; the goal of predictive sparse coding is to learn a representation of examples as sparse linear combinations of elements from a dictionary , such that a learned hypothesis linear in the new representation performs well on a predictive task . predictive sparse coding algorithms recently have demonstrated impressive performance on a variety of supervised tasks , but their generalization properties have not been studied . we establish the first generalization e ←
→ constant regret , generalized mixability , and mirror descent ; we consider the setting of prediction with expert advice ; a learner makes predictions by aggregating those of a group of experts . under this setting , and with the right choice of loss function and " mixing " algorithm , it is possible for the learner to achieve constant regret regardless of the number of prediction rounds . for example , constant regret can be achieved with \ emph { mixable } losses using the \ emph { aggregating algorithm } ( aa ). the \ emph { g ←
→ probabilistic latent semantic analysis ; probabilistic latent semantic analysis is a novel statistical technique for the analysis of two - mode and co - occurrence data , which has applications in information retrieval and filtering , natural language processing , machine learning from text , and in related areas . compared to standard latent semantic analysis which stems from linear algebra and performs a singular value decomposition of co - occurrence tables , the proposed method is based on a mixture decomposition d ←
→ visualization regularizers for neural network based image recognition ; the success of deep neural networks is mostly due their ability to learn meaningful features from the data . features learned in the hidden layers of deep neural networks trained in computer vision tasks have been shown to be similar to mid - level vision features . we leverage this fact in this work and propose the visualization regularizer for image tasks . the proposed regularization technique enforces smoothness of the features learned b ←
→ processing uncertainty and indeterminacy in information systems success mapping ; is success is a complex concept , and its evaluation is complicated , unstructured and not readily quantifiable . numerous scientific publications address the issue of success in the is field as well as in other fields . but , little efforts have been done for processing indeterminacy and uncertainty in success research . this paper shows a formal method for mapping success using neutrosophic success map . this is an emerging tool ←
→ edge detection based on global and local parameters of the image ; this paper presents an edge detection method based on global and local parameters of the image , which produces satisfactory results on the edge detection of complex images and has a simple structure for execution . the local and global parameters of the image are arithmetic means and standard deviations , the former acquired from a three sized window representing five pixels , the latter acquired from the entire row or column . we obtain the dif ←
→ fast and robust recursive algorithms for separable nonnegative matrix factorization ; in this paper , we study the nonnegative matrix factorization problem under the separability assumption ( that is , there exists a cone spanned by a small subset of the columns of the input nonnegative data matrix containing all columns ), which is equivalent to the hyperspectral unmixing problem under the linear mixing model and the pure - pixel assumption . we present a family of fast recursive algorithms , and prove they are ←
→ soft proposal networks for weakly supervised object localization ; weakly supervised object localization remains challenging , where only image labels instead of bounding boxes are available during training . object proposal is an effective component in localization , but often computationally expensive and incapable of joint optimization with some of the remaining modules . in this paper , to the best of our knowledge , we for the first time integrate weakly supervised object proposal into convolutional neural n ←
→ convergence analysis of map based blur kernel estimation ; one popular approach for blind deconvolution is to formulate a maximum a posteriori ( map ) problem with sparsity priors on the gradients of the latent image , and then alternatingly estimate the blur kernel and the latent image . while several successful map based methods have been proposed , there has been much controversy and confusion about their convergence , because sparsity priors have been shown to prefer blurry images to sharp natural images . in ←
→ stick - breaking policy learning in dec - pomdps ; expectation maximization ( em ) has recently been shown to be an efficient algorithm for learning finite - state controllers ( fscs ) in large decentralized pomdps ( dec - pomdps ). however , current methods use fixed - size fscs and often converge to maxima that are far from optimal . this paper considers a variable - size fsc to represent the local policy of each agent . these variable - size fscs are constructed using a stick - breaking prior , leading to a new framework called \←
→ riemannian stochastic quasi - newton algorithm with variance reduction and its convergence analysis ; stochastic variance reduction algorithms have recently become popular for minimizing the average of a large , but finite number of loss functions . the present paper proposes a riemannian stochastic quasi - newton algorithm with variance reduction ( r - sqn - vr ). the key challenges of averaging , adding , and subtracting multiple gradients are addressed with notions of retraction and vector transport . we present conv ←
→ reducing bias in production speech models ; replacing hand - engineered pipelines with end - to - end deep learning systems has enabled strong results in applications like speech and object recognition . however , the causality and latency constraints of production systems put end - to - end speech models back into the underfitting regime and expose biases in the model that we show cannot be overcome by " scaling up ", i . e ., training bigger models on more data . in this work we systematically identify and address sources ←
→ mi image registration using prior knowledge ; subtraction of aligned images is a means to assess changes in a wide variety of clinical applications . in this paper we explore the information theoretical origin of mutual information ( mi ), which is based on shannon ' s entropy . however , the interpretation of standard mi registration as a communication channel suggests that mi is too restrictive a criterion . in this paper the concept of mutual information ( mi ) is extended to ( normalized ) focussed mutual informatio ←
→ data science as a new frontier for design ; the purpose of this paper is to contribute to the challenge of transferring know - how , theories and methods from design research to the design processes in information science and technologies . more specifically , we shall consider a domain , namely data - science , that is becoming rapidly a globally invested research and development axis with strong imperatives for innovation given the data deluge we are currently facing . we argue that , in order to rise to the data - re ←
→ visual place recognition with probabilistic vertex voting ; we propose a novel scoring concept for visual place recognition based on nearest neighbor descriptor voting and demonstrate how the algorithm naturally emerges from the problem formulation . based on the observation that the number of votes for matching places can be evaluated using a binomial distribution model , loop closures can be detected with high precision . by casting the problem into a probabilistic framework , we not only remove the need for ←
→ decision making for symbolic probability ; this paper proposes a decision theory for a symbolic generalization of probability theory ( sp ). darwiche and ginsberg [ 2 , 3 ] proposed sp to relax the requirement of using numbers for uncertainty while preserving desirable patterns of bayesian reasoning . sp represents uncertainty by symbolic supports that are ordered partially rather than completely as in the case of standard probability . we show that a preference relation on acts that satisfies a number of intuitive ←
→ counterfactual conditionals in quantified modal logic ; we present a novel formalization of counterfactual conditionals in a quantified modal logic . counterfactual conditionals play a vital role in ethical and moral reasoning . prior work has shown that moral reasoning systems ( and more generally , theory - of - mind reasoning systems ) should be at least as expressive as first - order ( quantified ) modal logic ( qml ) to be well - behaved . while existing work on moral reasoning has focused on counterfactual - free qml mor ←
→ image denoising with multi - layer perceptrons , part 1 : comparison with existing algorithms and with bounds ; image denoising can be described as the problem of mapping from a noisy image to a noise - free image . the best currently available denoising methods approximate this mapping with cleverly engineered algorithms . in this work we attempt to learn this mapping directly with plain multi layer perceptrons ( mlp ) applied to image patches . we will show that by training on large image databases we are able to ←
→ lower bounds on regret for noisy gaussian process bandit optimization ; in this paper , we consider the problem of sequentially optimizing a black - box function $ f $ based on noisy samples and bandit feedback . we assume that $ f $ is smooth in the sense of having a bounded norm in some reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ), yielding a commonly - considered non - bayesian form of gaussian process bandit optimization . we provide algorithm - independent lower bounds on the simple regret , measuring the suboptimality of ←
→ traffic scene recognition based on deep cnn and vlad spatial pyramids ; traffic scene recognition is an important and challenging issue in intelligent transportation systems ( its ). recently , convolutional neural network ( cnn ) models have achieved great success in many applications , including scene classification . the remarkable representational learning capability of cnn remains to be further explored for solving real - world problems . vector of locally aggregated descriptors ( vlad ) encoding has also proved t ←
→ no - regret learning in extensive - form games with imperfect recall ; counterfactual regret minimization ( cfr ) is an efficient no - regret learning algorithm for decision problems modeled as extensive games . cfr ' s regret bounds depend on the requirement of perfect recall : players always remember information that was revealed to them and the order in which it was revealed . in games without perfect recall , however , cfr ' s guarantees do not apply . in this paper , we present the first regret bound for cfr when applied ←
→ analyzing the behavior of visual question answering models ; recently , a number of deep - learning based models have been proposed for the task of visual question answering ( vqa ). the performance of most models is clustered around 60 - 70 %. in this paper we propose systematic methods to analyze the behavior of these models as a first step towards recognizing their strengths and weaknesses , and identifying the most fruitful directions for progress . we analyze two models , one each from two major classes of vqa mo ←
→ fast algorithms for demixing sparse signals from nonlinear observations ; we study the problem of demixing a pair of sparse signals from noisy , nonlinear observations of their superposition . mathematically , we consider a nonlinear signal observation model , $ y_i = g ( a_i ^ tx ) + e_i , \ i = 1 ,\ ldots , m $, where $ x = \ phi w +\ psi z $ denotes the superposition signal , $\ phi $ and $\ psi $ are orthonormal bases in $\ mathbb { r }^ n $, and $ w , z \ in \ mathbb { r }^ n $ are sparse coefficient vectors of the constituent signals , and $ e_i $ ←
→ uncertain programming model for multi - item solid transportation problem ; in this paper , an uncertain multi - objective multi - item solid transportation problem ( mmstp ) based on uncertainty theory is presented . in the model , transportation costs , supplies , demands and conveyances parameters are taken to be uncertain parameters . there are restrictions on some items and conveyances of the model . therefore , some particular items cannot be transported by some exceptional conveyances . using the advantage of uncerta ←
→ learning to play general video - games via an object embedding network ; deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) has proven to be an effective tool for creating general video - game ai . however most current drl video - game agents learn end - to - end from the video - output of the game , which is superfluous for many applications and creates a number of additional problems . more importantly , directly working on pixel - based raw video data is substantially distinct from what a human player does . in this paper , we present a nove ←
→ a direct approach to multi - class boosting and extensions ; boosting methods combine a set of moderately accurate weaklearners to form a highly accurate predictor . despite the practical importance of multi - class boosting , it has received far less attention than its binary counterpart . in this work , we propose a fully - corrective multi - class boosting formulation which directly solves the multi - class problem without dividing it into multiple binary classification problems . in contrast , most previous multi - class ←
→ liquid state machines in adbiatic quantum computers for general computation ; major mistakes do not read ←
→ evaluating the performance of a speech recognition based system ; speech based solutions have taken center stage with growth in the services industry where there is a need to cater to a very large number of people from all strata of the society . while natural language speech interfaces are the talk in the research community , yet in practice , menu based speech solutions thrive . typically in a menu based speech solution the user is required to respond by speaking from a closed set of words when prompted by th ←
→ consensus measure of rankings ; a ranking is an ordered sequence of items , in which an item with higher ranking score is more preferred than the items with lower ranking scores . in many information systems , rankings are widely used to represent the preferences over a set of items or candidates . the consensus measure of rankings is the problem of how to evaluate the degree to which the rankings agree . the consensus measure can be used to evaluate rankings in many information systems , as quite often there is ←
→ what is the essence of a claim ? cross - domain claim identification ; argument mining has become a popular research area in nlp . it typically includes the identification of argumentative components , e . g . claims , as the central component of an argument . we perform a qualitative analysis across six different datasets and show that these appear to conceptualize claims quite differently . to learn about the consequences of such different conceptualizations of claim for practical applications , we carried out extens ←
→ towards improving validation , verification , crash investigations , and event reconstruction of flight - critical systems with self - forensics ; this paper introduces a novel concept of self - forensics to complement the standard autonomic self - chop properties of the self - managed systems , to be specified in the forensic lucid language . we argue that self - forensics , with the forensics taken out of the cybercrime domain , is applicable to " self - dissection " for the purpose of verification of autonomous software and ←
→ adversarial deep learning for robust detection of binary encoded malware ; malware is constantly adapting in order to avoid detection . model based malware detectors , such as svm and neural networks , are vulnerable to so - called adversarial examples which are modest changes to detectable malware that allows the resulting malware to evade detection . continuous - valued methods that are robust to adversarial examples of images have been developed using saddle - point optimization formulations . we are inspired by th ←
→ empirical study on deep learning models for question answering ; in this paper we explore deep learning models with memory component or attention mechanism for question answering task . we combine and compare three models , neural machine translation , neural turing machine , and memory networks for a simulated qa data set . this paper is the first one that uses neural machine translation and neural turing machines for solving qa tasks . our results suggest that the combination of attention and memory have potent ←
→ wireless sensor network based future of telecom applications ; a system and method for enabling human beings to communicate by way of their monitored brain activity . the brain activity of an individual is monitored and transmitted to a remote location ( e . g . by satellite ). at the remote location , the monitored brain activity is compared with pre - recorded normalized brain activity curves , waveforms , or patterns to determine if a match or substantial match is found . if such a match is found , then the computer ←
→ on the sample complexity of learning bayesian networks ; in recent years there has been an increasing interest in learning bayesian networks from data . one of the most effective methods for learning such networks is based on the minimum description length ( mdl ) principle . previous work has shown that this learning procedure is asymptotically successful : with probability one , it will converge to the target distribution , given a sufficient number of samples . however , the rate of this convergence has been hith ←
→ towards data quality assessment in online advertising ; in online advertising , our aim is to match the advertisers with the most relevant users to optimize the campaign performance . in the pursuit of achieving this goal , multiple data sources provided by the advertisers or third - party data providers are utilized to choose the set of users according to the advertisers ' targeting criteria . in this paper , we present a framework that can be applied to assess the quality of such data sources in large scale . this ←
→ an unsupervised game - theoretic approach to saliency detection ; we propose a novel unsupervised game - theoretic salient object detection algorithm that does not require labeled training data . first , saliency detection problem is formulated as a non - cooperative game , hereinafter referred to as saliency game , in which image regions are players who choose to be " background " or " foreground " as their pure strategies . a payoff function is constructed by exploiting multiple cues and combining complementary features ←
→ pixelnet : towards a general pixel - level architecture ; we explore architectures for general pixel - level prediction problems , from low - level edge detection to mid - level surface normal estimation to high - level semantic segmentation . convolutional predictors , such as the fully - convolutional network ( fcn ), have achieved remarkable success by exploiting the spatial redundancy of neighboring pixels through convolutional processing . though computationally efficient , we point out that such approaches are not statis ←
→ a measure - free approach to conditioning ; in an earlier paper , a new theory of measurefree " conditional " objects was presented . in this paper , emphasis is placed upon the motivation of the theory . the central part of this motivation is established through an example involving a knowledge - based system . in order to evaluate combination of evidence for this system , using observed data , auxiliary at tribute and diagnosis variables , and inference rules connecting them , one must first choose an appropriate algebr ←
→ security analysis and enhancement of model compressed deep learning systems under adversarial attacks ; dnn is presenting human - level performance for many complex intelligent tasks in real - world applications . however , it also introduces ever - increasing security concerns . for example , the emerging adversarial attacks indicate that even very small and often imperceptible adversarial input perturbations can easily mislead the cognitive function of deep learning systems ( dls ). existing dnn adversarial studies ←
→ some advances in role discovery in graphs ; role discovery in graphs is an emerging area that allows analysis of complex graphs in an intuitive way . in contrast to other graph prob - lems such as community discovery , which finds groups of highly connected nodes , the role discovery problem finds groups of nodes that share similar graph topological structure . however , existing work so far has two severe limitations that prevent its use in some domains . firstly , it is completely unsupervised which is undesirabl ←
→ development of marathi part of speech tagger using statistical approach ; part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging is a process of assigning the words in a text corresponding to a particular part of speech . a fundamental version of pos tagging is the identification of words as nouns , verbs , adjectives etc . for processing natural languages , part of speech tagging is a prominent tool . it is one of the simplest as well as most constant and statistical model for many nlp applications . pos tagging is an initial stage of lin ←
→ tight measurement bounds for exact recovery of structured sparse signals ; standard compressive sensing results state that to exactly recover an s sparse signal in r ^ p , one requires o ( s . log ( p )) measurements . while this bound is extremely useful in practice , often real world signals are not only sparse , but also exhibit structure in the sparsity pattern . we focus on group - structured patterns in this paper . under this model , groups of signal coefficients are active ( or inactive ) together . the groups are pred ←
→ character - based neural machine translation ; neural machine translation ( mt ) has reached state - of - the - art results . however , one of the main challenges that neural mt still faces is dealing with very large vocabularies and morphologically rich languages . in this paper , we propose a neural mt system using character - based embeddings in combination with convolutional and highway layers to replace the standard lookup - based word representations . the resulting unlimited - vocabulary and affix - aware source word embed ←
→ learning feature hierarchies with centered deep boltzmann machines ; deep boltzmann machines are in principle powerful models for extracting the hierarchical structure of data . unfortunately , attempts to train layers jointly ( without greedy layer - wise pretraining ) have been largely unsuccessful . we propose a modification of the learning algorithm that initially recenters the output of the activation functions to zero . this modification leads to a better conditioned hessian and thus makes learning easier . we ←
→ deep manta : a coarse - to - fine many - task network for joint 2d and 3d vehicle analysis from monocular image ; in this paper , we present a novel approach , called deep manta ( deep many - tasks ), for many - task vehicle analysis from a given image . a robust convolutional network is introduced for simultaneous vehicle detection , part localization , visibility characterization and 3d dimension estimation . its architecture is based on a new coarse - to - fine object proposal that boosts the vehicle detection . moreover , the ←
→ ensemble classifier for eye state classification using eeg signals ; the growing importance and utilization of measuring brain waves ( e . g . eeg signals of eye state ) in brain - computer interface ( bci ) applications highlighted the need for suitable classification methods . in this paper , a comparison between three of well - known classification methods ( i . e . support vector machine ( svm ), hidden markov map ( hmm ), and radial basis function ( rbf )) for eeg based eye state classification was achieved . furthermore , a s ←
→ question analysis for arabic question answering systems ; the first step of processing a question in question answering ( qa ) systems is to carry out a detailed analysis of the question for the purpose of determining what it is asking for and how to perfectly approach answering it . our question analysis uses several techniques to analyze any question given in natural language : a stanford pos tagger & parser for arabic language , a named entity recognizer , tokenizer , stop - word removal , question expansion , questi ←
→ what ' s in a patch , i : tensors , differential geometry and statistical shading analysis ; we develop a linear algebraic framework for the shape - from - shading problem , because tensors arise when scalar ( e . g . image ) and vector ( e . g . surface normal ) fields are differentiated multiple times . the work is in two parts . in this first part we investigate when image derivatives exhibit invariance to changing illumination by calculating the statistics of image derivatives under general distributions on the light sourc ←
→ dynamic word embeddings ; we present a probabilistic language model for time - stamped text data which tracks the semantic evolution of individual words over time . the model represents words and contexts by latent trajectories in an embedding space . at each moment in time , the embedding vectors are inferred from a probabilistic version of word2vec [ mikolov et al ., 2013 ]. these embedding vectors are connected in time through a latent diffusion process . we describe two scalable variational inference algorithms -←
→ understanding the logical and semantic structure of large documents ; current language understanding approaches focus on small documents , such as newswire articles , blog posts , product reviews and discussion forum entries . understanding and extracting information from large documents like legal briefs , proposals , technical manuals and research articles is still a challenging task . we describe a framework that can analyze a large document and help people to know where a particular information is in that docu ←
→ towards a neural statistician ; an efficient learner is one who reuses what they already know to tackle a new problem . for a machine learner , this means understanding the similarities amongst datasets . in order to do this , one must take seriously the idea of working with datasets , rather than datapoints , as the key objects to model . towards this goal , we demonstrate an extension of a variational autoencoder that can learn a method for computing representations , or statistics , of datasets in an unsupervised ←
→ an analytical study of different document image binarization methods ; document image has been the area of research for a couple of decades because of its potential application in the area of text recognition , line recognition or any other shape recognition from the image . for most of these purposes binarization of image becomes mandatory as far as recognition is concerned . throughout couple decades standard algorithms have already been developed for this purpose . some of these algorithms are applicable to ←
→ proceedings of the twenty - second conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 2006 ) ; this is the proceedings of the twenty - second conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in cambridge , ma , july 13 - 16 2006 .←
→ a hybrid algorithm for convex semidefinite optimization ; we present a hybrid algorithm for optimizing a convex , smooth function over the cone of positive semidefinite matrices . our algorithm converges to the global optimal solution and can be used to solve general large - scale semidefinite programs and hence can be readily applied to a variety of machine learning problems . we show experimental results on three machine learning problems ( matrix completion , metric learning , and sparse pca ) . our approach outp ←
→ a robust , low - cost approach to face detection and face recognition ; in the domain of biometrics , recognition systems based on iris , fingerprint or palm print scans etc . are often considered more dependable due to extremely low variance in the properties of these entities with respect to time . however , over the last decade data processing capability of computers has increased manifold , which has made real - time video content analysis possible . this shows that the need of the hour is a robust and highly autom ←
→ matrix completion with deterministic pattern - a geometric perspective ; we consider the matrix completion problem with a deterministic pattern of observed entries and aim to find conditions such that there will be ( at least locally ) unique solution to the non - convex minimum rank matrix completion ( mrmc ) formulation . we answer the question from a somewhat different point of view and to give a geometric perspective . we give a sufficient and " almost necessary " condition ( which we call the well - posedness condi ←
→ shape animation with combined captured and simulated dynamics ; we present a novel volumetric animation generation framework to create new types of animations from raw 3d surface or point cloud sequence of captured real performances . the framework considers as input time incoherent 3d observations of a moving shape , and is thus particularly suitable for the output of performance capture platforms . in our system , a suitable virtual representation of the actor is built from real captures that allows seamless ←
→ seeking meaning in a space made out of strokes , radicals , characters and compounds ; chinese characters can be compared to a molecular structure : a character is analogous to a molecule , radicals are like atoms , calligraphic strokes correspond to elementary particles , and when characters form compounds , they are like molecular structures . in chemistry the conjunction of all of these structural levels produces what we perceive as matter . in language , the conjunction of strokes , radicals , characters , and com ←
→ sparse inverse covariance estimation via an adaptive gradient - based method ; we study the problem of estimating from data , a sparse approximation to the inverse covariance matrix . estimating a sparsity constrained inverse covariance matrix is a key component in gaussian graphical model learning , but one that is numerically very challenging . we address this challenge by developing a new adaptive gradient - based method that carefully combines gradient information with an adaptive step - scaling strategy , which ←
→ agree to disagree : improving disagreement detection with dual grus ; this paper presents models for detecting agreement / disagreement in online discussions . in this work we show that by using a siamese inspired architecture to encode the discussions , we no longer need to rely on hand - crafted features to exploit the meta thread structure . we evaluate our model on existing online discussion corpora - abcd , iac and awtp . experimental results on abcd dataset show that by fusing lexical and word embedding feature ←
→ implementation of an automatic sign language lexical annotation framework based on propositional dynamic logic ; in this paper , we present the implementation of an automatic sign language ( sl ) sign annotation framework based on a formal logic , the propositional dynamic logic ( pdl ). our system relies heavily on the use of a specific variant of pdl , the propositional dynamic logic for sign language ( pdlsl ), which lets us describe sl signs as formulae and corpora videos as labeled transition systems ( ltss ). ←
→ an end to end deep neural network for iris segmentation in unconstraint scenarios ; with the increasing imaging and processing capabilities of today ' s mobile devices , user authentication using iris biometrics has become feasible . however , as the acquisition conditions become more unconstrained and as image quality is typically lower than dedicated iris acquisition systems , the accurate segmentation of iris regions is crucial for these devices . in this work , an end to end fully convolutional deep neural ne ←
→ automated body structure extraction from arbitrary 3d mesh ; this paper presents an automated method for 3d character skeleton extraction that can be applied for generic 3d shapes . our work is motivated by the skeleton - based prior work on automatic rigging focused on skeleton extraction and can automatically aligns the extracted structure to fit the 3d shape of the given 3d mesh . the body mesh can be subsequently skinned based on the extracted skeleton and thus enables rigging process . in the experiment , we ←
→ linear - nonlinear - poisson neuron networks perform bayesian inference on boltzmann machines ; one conjecture in both deep learning and classical connectionist viewpoint is that the biological brain implements certain kinds of deep networks as its back - end . however , to our knowledge , a detailed correspondence has not yet been set up , which is important if we want to bridge between neuroscience and machine learning . recent researches emphasized the biological plausibility of linear - nonlinear - poisson ( lnp ) neu ←
→ a hybrid approach to extract keyphrases from medical documents ; keyphrases are the phrases , consisting of one or more words , representing the important concepts in the articles . keyphrases are useful for a variety of tasks such as text summarization , automatic indexing , clustering / classification , text mining etc . this paper presents a hybrid approach to keyphrase extraction from medical documents . the keyphrase extraction approach presented in this paper is an amalgamation of two methods : the first one ass ←
→ augmentative message passing for traveling salesman problem and graph partitioning ; the cutting plane method is an augmentative constrained optimization procedure that is often used with continuous - domain optimization techniques such as linear and convex programs . we investigate the viability of a similar idea within message passing -- which produces integral solutions -- in the context of two combinatorial problems : 1 ) for traveling salesman problem ( tsp ), we propose a factor - graph based on held - karp fo ←
→ automated correction for syntax errors in programming assignments using recurrent neural networks ; we present a method for automatically generating repair feedback for syntax errors for introductory programming problems . syntax errors constitute one of the largest classes of errors ( 34 %) in our dataset of student submissions obtained from a mooc course on edx . the previous techniques for generating automated feed - back on programming assignments have focused on functional correctness and style considerat ←
→ tight bounds on proper equivalence query learning of dnf ; we prove a new structural lemma for partial boolean functions $ f $, which we call the seed lemma for dnf . using the lemma , we give the first subexponential algorithm for proper learning of dnf in angluin ' s equivalence query ( eq ) model . the algorithm has time and query complexity $ 2 ^{(\ tilde { o }{\ sqrt { n }})}$, which is optimal . we also give a new result on certificates for dnf - size , a simple algorithm for properly pac - learning dnf , and new results on eq ←
→ an efficient iterative thresholding method for image segmentation ; we proposed an efficient iterative thresholding method for multi - phase image segmentation . the algorithm is based on minimizing piecewise constant mumford - shah functional in which the contour length ( or perimeter ) is approximated by a non - local multi - phase energy . the minimization problem is solved by an iterative method . each iteration consists of computing simple convolutions followed by a thresholding step . the algorithm is easy to imple ←
→ face verification in polar frequency domain : a biologically motivated approach ; we present a novel local - based face verification system whose components are analogous to those of biological systems . in the proposed system , after global registration and normalization , three eye regions are converted from the spatial to polar frequency domain by a fourier - bessel transform . the resulting representations are embedded in a dissimilarity space , where each image is represented by its distance to all the other i ←
→ answer set planning under action costs ; recently , planning based on answer set programming has been proposed as an approach towards realizing declarative planning systems . in this paper , we present the language kc , which extends the declarative planning language k by action costs . kc provides the notion of admissible and optimal plans , which are plans whose overall action costs are within a given limit resp . minimum over all plans ( i . e ., cheapest plans ). as we demonstrate , this novel language allows for ex ←
→ obstacle avoidance through deep networks based intermediate perception ; obstacle avoidance from monocular images is a challenging problem for robots . though multi - view structure - from - motion could build 3d maps , it is not robust in textureless environments . some learning based methods exploit human demonstration to predict a steering command directly from a single image . however , this method is usually biased towards certain tasks or demonstration scenarios and also biased by human understanding . in this pa ←
→ novel structured low - rank algorithm to recover spatially smooth exponential image time series ; we propose a structured low rank matrix completion algorithm to recover a time series of images consisting of linear combination of exponential parameters at every pixel , from under - sampled fourier measurements . the spatial smoothness of these parameters is exploited along with the exponential structure of the time series at every pixel , to derive an annihilation relation in the $ k - t $ domain . this annihilation ←
→ unconstrained face detection and open - set face recognition challenge ; face detection and recognition benchmarks have shifted toward more difficult environments . the challenge presented in this paper addresses the next step in the direction of automatic detection and identification of people from outdoor surveillance cameras . while face detection has shown remarkable success in images collected from the web , surveillance cameras include more diverse occlusions , poses , weather conditions and image blur . alth ←
→ end - to - end face detection and recognition ; plenty of face detection and recognition methods have been proposed and got delightful results in decades . common face recognition pipeline consists of : 1 ) face detection , 2 ) face alignment , 3 ) feature extraction , 4 ) similarity calculation , which are separated and independent from each other . the separated face analyzing stages lead the model redundant calculation and are hard for end - to - end training . in this paper , we proposed a novel end - to - end trainable convolu ←
→ discovering playing patterns : time series clustering of free - to - play game data ; the classification of time series data is a challenge common to all data - driven fields . however , there is no agreement about which are the most efficient techniques to group unlabeled time - ordered data . this is because a successful classification of time series patterns depends on the goal and the domain of interest , i . e . it is application - dependent . in this article , we study free - to - play game data . in this domain , clusteri ←
→ local deep neural networks for age and gender classification ; local deep neural networks have been recently introduced for gender recognition . although , they achieve very good performance they are very computationally expensive to train . in this work , we introduce a simplified version of local deep neural networks which significantly reduces the training time . instead of using hundreds of patches per image , as suggested by the original method , we propose to use 9 overlapping patches per image which cover t ←
→ separable cosparse analysis operator learning ; the ability of having a sparse representation for a certain class of signals has many applications in data analysis , image processing , and other research fields . among sparse representations , the cosparse analysis model has recently gained increasing interest . many signals exhibit a multidimensional structure , e . g . images or three - dimensional mri scans . most data analysis and learning algorithms use vectorized signals and thereby do not account for this underl ←
→ variational recursive dual filtering ; state space models provide an interpretable framework for complex time series by combining an intuitive dynamical system model with a probabilistic observation model . we developed a flexible online learning framework for latent nonlinear state dynamics and filtered latent states . our method utilizes the stochastic gradient variational bayes method to jointly optimize the parameters of the nonlinear dynamics , observation model , and the black - box recognition model . unlik ←
→ enslaving the algorithm : from a " right to an explanation " to a " right to better decisions "? ; as concerns about unfairness and discrimination in " black box " machine learning systems rise , a legal " right to an explanation " has emerged as a compellingly attractive approach for challenge and redress . we outline recent debates on the limited provisions in european data protection law , and introduce and analyze newer explanation rights in french administrative law and the draft modernized council of europe con ←
→ the 2017 davis challenge on video object segmentation ; we present the 2017 davis challenge on video object segmentation , a public dataset , benchmark , and competition specifically designed for the task of video object segmentation . following the footsteps of other successful initiatives , such as ilsvrc and pascal voc , which established the avenue of research in the fields of scene classification and semantic segmentation , the davis challenge comprises a dataset , an evaluation methodology , and a public compe ←
→ nondeterministic fuzzy automata ; fuzzy automata have long been accepted as a generalization of nondeterministic finite automata . a closer examination , however , shows that the fundamental property --- nondeterminism --- in nondeterministic finite automata has not been well embodied in the generalization . in this paper , we introduce nondeterministic fuzzy automata with or without $\ el $- moves and fuzzy languages recognized by them . furthermore , we prove that ( deterministic ) fuzzy automata , nondeterministic fuzzy ←
→ universal reasoning , rational argumentation and human - machine interaction ; classical higher - order logic , when utilized as a meta - logic in which various other ( classical and non - classical ) logics can be shallowly embedded , is well suited for realising a universal logic reasoning approach . universal logic reasoning in turn , as envisioned already by leibniz , may support the rigorous formalisation and deep logical analysis of rational arguments within machines . a respective universal logic reasoning framewor ←
→ neurally - guided procedural models : amortized inference for procedural graphics programs using neural networks ; probabilistic inference algorithms such as sequential monte carlo ( smc ) provide powerful tools for constraining procedural models in computer graphics , but they require many samples to produce desirable results . in this paper , we show how to create procedural models which learn how to satisfy constraints . we augment procedural models with neural networks which control how the model makes random ←
→ cur decompositions , similarity matrices , and subspace clustering ; a general framework for solving the subspace clustering problem using the cur decomposition is presented . the cur decomposition provides a natural way to construct similarity matrices for data that come from a union of unknown subspaces $\ mathscr { u }=\ underset { i = 1 }{\ overset { m }\ bigcup } s_i $. the similarity matrices thus constructed give the exact clustering in the noise - free case . a simple adaptation of the technique also allows clustering of n ←
→ developing a concept - level knowledge base for sentiment analysis in singlish ; in this paper , we present singlish sentiment lexicon , a concept - level knowledge base for sentiment analysis that associates multiword expressions to a set of emotion labels and a polarity value . unlike many other sentiment analysis resources , this lexicon is not built by manually labeling pieces of knowledge coming from general nlp resources such as wordnet or dbpedia . instead , it is automatically constructed by applying graph -←
→ an improved naive bayes classifier - based noise detection technique for classifying user phone call behavior ; the presence of noisy instances in mobile phone data is a fundamental issue for classifying user phone call behavior ( i . e ., accept , reject , missed and outgoing ), with many potential negative consequences . the classification accuracy may decrease and the complexity of the classifiers may increase due to the number of redundant training samples . to detect such noisy instances from a training dataset ←
→ a filter based approach for inbetweening ; we present a filter based approach for inbetweening . we train a convolutional neural network to generate intermediate frames . this network aim to generate smooth animation of line drawings . our method can process scanned images directly . our method does not need to compute correspondence of lines and topological changes explicitly . we experiment our method with real animation production data . the results show that our method can generate intermediate frames partial ←
→ unbiased shape compactness for segmentation ; we propose to constrain segmentation functionals with a dimensionless , unbiased and position - independent shape compactness prior , which we solve efficiently with an alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ). involving a squared sum of pairwise potentials , our prior results in a challenging high - order optimization problem , which involves dense ( fully connected ) graphs . we split the problem into a sequence of easier sub - problems , each performed efficientl ←
→ measuring atmospheric scattering from digital images of urban scenery using temporal polarization - based vision ; particulate matter ( pm ) is a form of air pollution that visually degrades urban scenery and is hazardous to human health and the environment . current monitoring devices are limited in measuring average pm over large areas . quantifying the visual effects of haze in digital images of urban scenery and correlating these effects to pm levels is a vital step in more practically monitoring our enviro ←
→ matrix recovery using split bregman ; in this paper we address the problem of recovering a matrix , with inherent low rank structure , from its lower dimensional projections . this problem is frequently encountered in wide range of areas including pattern recognition , wireless sensor networks , control systems , recommender systems , image / video reconstruction etc . both in theory and practice , the most optimal way to solve the low rank matrix recovery problem is via nuclear norm minimization . in this paper , we pr ←
→ fully convolutional networks for semantic segmentation ; convolutional networks are powerful visual models that yield hierarchies of features . we show that convolutional networks by themselves , trained end - to - end , pixels - to - pixels , exceed the state - of - the - art in semantic segmentation . our key insight is to build " fully convolutional " networks that take input of arbitrary size and produce correspondingly - sized output with efficient inference and learning . we define and detail the space of fully convolutional ←
→ triplet - based deep similarity learning for person re - identification ; in recent years , person re - identification ( re - id ) catches great attention in both computer vision community and industry . in this paper , we propose a new framework for person re - identification with a triplet - based deep similarity learning using convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). the network is trained with triplet input : two of them have the same class labels and the other one is different . it aims to learn the deep feature representat ←
→ improved information gain estimates for decision tree induction ; ensembles of classification and regression trees remain popular machine learning methods because they define flexible non - parametric models that predict well and are computationally efficient both during training and testing . during induction of decision trees one aims to find predicates that are maximally informative about the prediction target . to select good predicates most approaches estimate an information - theoretic scoring function , the ←
→ independent motion detection with event - driven cameras ; unlike standard cameras that send intensity images at a constant frame rate , event - driven cameras asynchronously report pixel - level brightness changes , offering low latency and high temporal resolution ( both in the order of micro - seconds ). as such , they have great potential for fast and low power vision algorithms for robots . visual tracking , for example , is easily achieved even for very fast stimuli , as only moving objects cause brightness changes . h ←
→ exploiting evidence in probabilistic inference ; we define the notion of compiling a bayesian network with evidence and provide a specific approach for evidence - based compilation , which makes use of logical processing . the approach is practical and advantageous in a number of application areas - including maximum likelihood estimation , sensitivity analysis , and map computations - and we provide specific empirical results in the domain of genetic linkage analysis . we also show that the approach is applicable for ←
→ understanding and enhancing the transferability of adversarial examples ; state - of - the - art deep neural networks are known to be vulnerable to adversarial examples , formed by applying small but malicious perturbations to the original inputs . moreover , the perturbations can \ textit { transfer across models }: adversarial examples generated for a specific model will often mislead other unseen models . consequently the adversary can leverage it to attack deployed systems without any query , which severely hinder the ←
→ generative choreography using deep learning ; recent advances in deep learning have enabled the extraction of high - level features from raw sensor data which has opened up new possibilities in many different fields , including computer generated choreography . in this paper we present a system chor - rnn for generating novel choreographic material in the nuanced choreographic language and style of an individual choreographer . it also shows promising results in producing a higher level compositional cohesion , rat ←
→ exploiting convolution filter patterns for transfer learning ; in this paper , we introduce a new regularization technique for transfer learning . the aim of the proposed approach is to capture statistical relationships among convolution filters learned from a well - trained network and transfer this knowledge to another network . since convolution filters of the prevalent deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) models share a number of similar patterns , in order to speed up the learning procedure , we capture su ←
→ tensorflow distributions ; the tensorflow distributions library implements a vision of probability theory adapted to the modern deep - learning paradigm of end - to - end differentiable computation . building on two basic abstractions , it offers flexible building blocks for probabilistic computation . distributions provide fast , numerically stable methods for generating samples and computing statistics , e . g ., log density . bijectors provide composable volume - tracking transformations with automatic caching . together ←
→ unsupervised feature learning based on deep models for environmental audio tagging ; environmental audio tagging aims to predict only the presence or absence of certain acoustic events in the interested acoustic scene . in this paper we make contributions to audio tagging in two parts , respectively , acoustic modeling and feature learning . we propose to use a shrinking deep neural network ( dnn ) framework incorporating unsupervised feature learning to handle the multi - label classification task . for the acous ←
→ description of gadel ; this article describes the first implementation of the gadel system : a genetic algorithm for default logic . the goal of gadel is to compute extensions in reiter ' s default logic . it accepts every kind of finite propositional default theories and is based on evolutionary principles of genetic algorithms . its first experimental results on certain instances of the problem show that this new approach of the problem can be successful .←
→ sparse nonlinear regression : parameter estimation and asymptotic inference ; we study parameter estimation and asymptotic inference for sparse nonlinear regression . more specifically , we assume the data are given by $ y = f ( x ^\ top \ beta ^* ) + \ epsilon $, where $ f $ is nonlinear . to recover $\ beta ^*$, we propose an $\ ell_1 $- regularized least - squares estimator . unlike classical linear regression , the corresponding optimization problem is nonconvex because of the nonlinearity of $ f $. in spite of the nonconvexi ←
→ gptips 2 : an open - source software platform for symbolic data mining ; gptips is a free , open source matlab based software platform for symbolic data mining ( sdm ). it uses a multigene variant of the biologically inspired machine learning method of genetic programming ( mggp ) as the engine that drives the automatic model discovery process . symbolic data mining is the process of extracting hidden , meaningful relationships from data in the form of symbolic equations . in contrast to other data - mining methods , the ←
→ on the parameterized complexity of default logic and autoepistemic logic ; we investigate the application of courcelle ' s theorem and the logspace version of elberfeld etal . in the context of the implication problem for propositional sets of formulae , the extension existence problem for default logic , as well as the expansion existence problem for autoepistemic logic and obtain fixed - parameter time and space efficient algorithms for these problems . on the other hand , we exhibit , for each of the above problem ←
→ adversarial training for adverse conditions : robust metric localisation using appearance transfer ; we present a method of improving visual place recognition and metric localisation under very strong appear - ance change . we learn an invertable generator that can trans - form the conditions of images , e . g . from day to night , summer to winter etc . this image transforming filter is explicitly designed to aid and abet feature - matching using a new loss based on surf detector and dense descriptor maps . a network ←
→ development of a hybrid learning system based on svm , anfis and domain knowledge : dkfis ; this paper presents the development of a hybrid learning system based on support vector machines ( svm ), adaptive neuro - fuzzy inference system ( anfis ) and domain knowledge to solve prediction problem . the proposed two - stage domain knowledge based fuzzy information system ( dkfis ) improves the prediction accuracy attained by anfis alone . the proposed framework has been implemented on a noisy and incomplete dataset acqui ←
→ online search cost estimation for sat solvers ; we present two different methods for estimating the cost of solving sat problems . the methods focus on the online behaviour of the backtracking solver , as well as the structure of the problem . modern sat solvers present several challenges to estimate search cost including coping with nonchronological backtracking , learning and restarts . our first method adapt an existing algorithm for estimating the size of a search tree to deal with these challenges . we then ←
→ ron : reverse connection with objectness prior networks for object detection ; we present ron , an efficient and effective framework for generic object detection . our motivation is to smartly associate the best of the region - based ( e . g ., faster r - cnn ) and region - free ( e . g ., ssd ) methodologies . under fully convolutional architecture , ron mainly focuses on two fundamental problems : ( a ) multi - scale object localization and ( b ) negative sample mining . to address ( a ), we design the reverse connection , which enabl ←
→ multi - entity dependence learning with rich context via conditional variational auto - encoder ; multi - entity dependence learning ( medl ) explores conditional correlations among multiple entities . the availability of rich contextual information requires a nimble learning scheme that tightly integrates with deep neural networks and has the ability to capture correlation structures among exponentially many outcomes . we propose medl_cvae , which encodes a conditional multivariate distribution as a generating proc ←
→ generative adversarial perturbations ; in this paper , we propose novel generative models for creating adversarial examples , slightly perturbed images resembling natural images but maliciously crafted to fool pre - trained models . we present trainable deep neural networks for transforming images to adversarial perturbations . our proposed models can produce image - agnostic and image - dependent perturbations for both targeted and non - targeted attacks . we also demonstrate that similar architectures can achieve impr ←
→ lightweight neural networks ; most of the weights in a lightweight neural network have a value of zero , while the remaining ones are either + 1 or - 1 . these universal approximators require approximately 1 . 1 bits / weight of storage , posses a quick forward pass and achieve classification accuracies similar to conventional continuous - weight networks . their training regimen focuses on error reduction initially , but later emphasizes discretization of weights . they ignore insignificant inputs , remove unnecessary we ←
→ causal compression ; we propose a new method of discovering causal relationships in temporal data based on the notion of causal compression . to this end , we adopt the pearlian graph setting and the directed information as an information theoretic tool for quantifying causality . we introduce chain rule for directed information and use it to motivate causal sparsity . we show two applications of the proposed method : causal time series segmentation which selects time points capturing the incoming and outgoing c ←
→ combining spatio - temporal appearance descriptors and optical flow for human action recognition in video data ; this paper proposes combining spatio - temporal appearance ( sta ) descriptors with optical flow for human action recognition . the sta descriptors are local histogram - based descriptors of space - time , suitable for building a partial representation of arbitrary spatio - temporal phenomena . because of the possibility of iterative refinement , they are interesting in the context of online human action recog ←
→ deep multi - view spatial - temporal network for taxi demand prediction ; taxi demand prediction is an important building block to enabling intelligent transportation systems in a smart city . an accurate prediction model can help the city pre - allocate resources to meet travel demand and to reduce empty taxis on streets which waste energy and worsen the traffic congestion . with the increasing popularity of taxi requesting services such as uber and didi chuxing ( in china ), we are able to collect large - scale taxi ←
→ denet : scalable real - time object detection with directed sparse sampling ; we define the object detection from imagery problem as estimating a very large but extremely sparse bounding box dependent probability distribution . subsequently we identify a sparse distribution estimation scheme , directed sparse sampling , and employ it in a single end - to - end cnn based detection model . this methodology extends and formalizes previous state - of - the - art detection models with an additional emphasis on high evaluation ra ←
→ direct density - derivative estimation and its application in kl - divergence approximation ; estimation of density derivatives is a versatile tool in statistical data analysis . a naive approach is to first estimate the density and then compute its derivative . however , such a two - step approach does not work well because a good density estimator does not necessarily mean a good density - derivative estimator . in this paper , we give a direct method to approximate the density derivative without estimating the dens ←
→ bayesian inference in monte - carlo tree search ; monte - carlo tree search ( mcts ) methods are drawing great interest after yielding breakthrough results in computer go . this paper proposes a bayesian approach to mcts that is inspired by distributionfree approaches such as uct [ 13 ], yet significantly differs in important respects . the bayesian framework allows potentially much more accurate ( bayes - optimal ) estimation of node values and node uncertainties from a limited number of simulation trials . we further pr ←
→ fuzzy - rough feature selection with π - membership function for mammogram classification ; breast cancer is the second leading cause for death among women and it is diagnosed with the help of mammograms . oncologists are miserably failed in identifying the micro calcification at the early stage with the help of the mammogram visually . in order to improve the performance of the breast cancer screening , most of the researchers have proposed computer aided diagnosis using image processing . in this study mammo ←
→ be precise or fuzzy : learning the meaning of cardinals and quantifiers from vision ; people can refer to quantities in a visual scene by using either exact cardinals ( e . g . one , two , three ) or natural language quantifiers ( e . g . few , most , all ). in humans , these two processes underlie fairly different cognitive and neural mechanisms . inspired by this evidence , the present study proposes two models for learning the objective meaning of cardinals and quantifiers from visual scenes containing multiple objects .←
→ general video game ai : a multi - track framework for evaluating agents , games and content generation algorithms ; general video game playing ( gvgp ) aims at designing an agent that is capable of playing multiple video games with no human intervention . in 2014 , the general video game ai ( gvgai ) competition framework was created and released with the purpose of providing researchers a common open - source and easy to use platform for testing their ai methods with potentially infinity of games created using video ←
→ uncertainty in ontology matching : a decision rule - based approach ; considering the high heterogeneity of the ontologies pub - lished on the web , ontology matching is a crucial issue whose aim is to establish links between an entity of a source ontology and one or several entities from a target ontology . perfectible similarity measures , consid - ered as sources of information , are combined to establish these links . the theory of belief functions is a powerful mathematical tool for combining such uncertain inform ←
→ general - purpose computing on a semantic network substrate ; this article presents a model of general - purpose computing on a semantic network substrate . the concepts presented are applicable to any semantic network representation . however , due to the standards and technological infrastructure devoted to the semantic web effort , this article is presented from this point of view . in the proposed model of computing , the application programming interface , the run - time program , and the state of the computing virt ←
→ densely dilated spatial pooling convolutional network using benign loss functions for imbalanced volumetric prostate segmentation ; the high incidence rate of prostate disease poses a requirement in early detection for diagnosis . as one of the main imaging methods used for prostate cancer detection , magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) has wide range of appearance and imbalance problems , making automated prostate segmentation fundamental but challenging . here we propose a novel densely dilated spatial pooling ←
→ improving variational auto - encoders using householder flow ; variational auto - encoders ( vae ) are scalable and powerful generative models . however , the choice of the variational posterior determines tractability and flexibility of the vae . commonly , latent variables are modeled using the normal distribution with a diagonal covariance matrix . this results in computational efficiency but typically it is not flexible enough to match the true posterior distribution . one fashion of enriching the variational poste ←
→ tacotron : towards end - to - end speech synthesis ; a text - to - speech synthesis system typically consists of multiple stages , such as a text analysis frontend , an acoustic model and an audio synthesis module . building these components often requires extensive domain expertise and may contain brittle design choices . in this paper , we present tacotron , an end - to - end generative text - to - speech model that synthesizes speech directly from characters . given < text , audio > pairs , the model can be trained completely from ←
→ naturally combined shape - color moment invariants under affine transformations ; we proposed a kind of naturally combined shape - color affine moment invariants ( scami ), which consider both shape and color affine transformations simultaneously in one single system . in the real scene , color and shape deformations always exist in images simultaneously . simple shape invariants or color invariants can not be qualified for this situation . the conventional method is just to make a simple linear combination of the ←
→ noisy - parallel and comparable corpora filtering methodology for the extraction of bi - lingual equivalent data at sentence level ; text alignment and text quality are critical to the accuracy of machine translation ( mt ) systems , some nlp tools , and any other text processing tasks requiring bilingual data . this research proposes a language independent bi - sentence filtering approach based on polish ( not a position - sensitive language ) to english experiments . this cleaning approach was developed on the ted talk ←
→ lle with low - dimensional neighborhood representation ; the local linear embedding algorithm ( lle ) is a non - linear dimension - reducing technique , widely used due to its computational simplicity and intuitive approach . lle first linearly reconstructs each input point from its nearest neighbors and then preserves these neighborhood relations in the low - dimensional embedding . we show that the reconstruction weights computed by lle capture the high - dimensional structure of the neighborhoods , and not the low - dimen ←
→ human action recognition system using good features and multilayer perceptron network ; human action recognition involves the characterization of human actions through the automated analysis of video data and is integral in the development of smart computer vision systems . however , several challenges like dynamic backgrounds , camera stabilization , complex actions , occlusions etc . make action recognition in a real time and robust fashion difficult . several complex approaches exist but are computationally i ←
→ spatial pixelcnn : generating images from patches ; in this paper we propose spatial pixelcnn , a conditional autoregressive model that generates images from small patches . by conditioning on a grid of pixel coordinates and global features extracted from a variational autoencoder ( vae ), we are able to train on patches of images , and reproduce the full - sized image . we show that it not only allows for generating high quality samples at the same resolution as the underlying dataset , but is also capable of upscal ←
→ logical probability preferences ; we present a unified logical framework for representing and reasoning about both probability quantitative and qualitative preferences in probability answer set programming , called probability answer set optimization programs . the proposed framework is vital to allow defining probability quantitative preferences over the possible outcomes of qualitative preferences . we show the application of probability answer set optimization programs to a variant of the well - known nurse r ←
→ accurate inference for adaptive linear models ; estimators computed from adaptively collected data do not behave like their non - adaptive brethren . rather , the sequential dependence of the collection policy can lead to severe distributional biases that persist even in the infinite data limit . we develop a general method decorrelation procedure -- w - decorrelation -- for transforming the bias of adaptive linear regression estimators into variance . the method uses only coarse - grained information about the data ←
→ a backtracking - based algorithm for computing hypertree - decompositions ; hypertree decompositions of hypergraphs are a generalization of tree decompositions of graphs . the corresponding hypertree - width is a measure for the cyclicity and therefore tractability of the encoded computation problem . many np - hard decision and computation problems are known to be tractable on instances whose structure corresponds to hypergraphs of bounded hypertree - width . intuitively , the smaller the hypertree - width , the faster the ←
→ demographic dialectal variation in social media : a case study of african - american english ; though dialectal language is increasingly abundant on social media , few resources exist for developing nlp tools to handle such language . we conduct a case study of dialectal language in online conversational text by investigating african - american english ( aae ) on twitter . we propose a distantly supervised model to identify aae - like language from demographics associated with geo - located messages , and we verify that ←
→ multiframe scene flow with piecewise rigid motion ; we introduce a novel multiframe scene flow approach that jointly optimizes the consistency of the patch appearances and their local rigid motions from rgb - d image sequences . in contrast to the competing methods , we take advantage of an oversegmentation of the reference frame and robust optimization techniques . we formulate scene flow recovery as a global non - linear least squares problem which is iteratively solved by a damped gauss - newton approach . as a re ←
→ sensor transformation attention networks ; recent work on encoder - decoder models for sequence - to - sequence mapping has shown that integrating both temporal and spatial attention mechanisms into neural networks increases the performance of the system substantially . in this work , we report on the application of an attentional signal not on temporal and spatial regions of the input , but instead as a method of switching among inputs themselves . we evaluate the particular role of attentional switching in the pres ←
→ robust low - complexity randomized methods for locating outliers in large matrices ; this paper examines the problem of locating outlier columns in a large , otherwise low - rank matrix , in settings where {}{ the data } are noisy , or where the overall matrix has missing elements . we propose a randomized two - step inference framework , and establish sufficient conditions on the required sample complexities under which these methods succeed ( with high probability ) in accurately locating the outliers for each task . c ←
→ real - time classification of twitter trends ; social media users give rise to social trends as they share about common interests , which can be triggered by different reasons . in this work , we explore the types of triggers that spark trends on twitter , introducing a typology with following four types : ' news ', ' ongoing events ', ' memes ', and ' commemoratives '. while previous research has analyzed trending topics in a long term , we look at the earliest tweets that produce a trend , with the aim of categorizing tre ←
→ experience enrichment based task independent reward model ; for most reinforcement learning approaches , the learning is performed by maximizing an accumulative reward that is expectedly and manually defined for specific tasks . however , in real world , rewards are emergent phenomena from the complex interactions between agents and environments . in this paper , we propose an implicit generic reward model for reinforcement learning . unlike those rewards that are manually defined for specific tasks , such implicit ←
→ optiplan : unifying ip - based and graph - based planning ; the optiplan planning system is the first integer programming - based planner that successfully participated in the international planning competition . this engineering note describes the architecture of optiplan and provides the integer programming formulation that enabled it to perform reasonably well in the competition . we also touch upon some recent developments that make integer programming encodings significantly more competitive .←
→ reflective oracles : a foundation for classical game theory ; classical game theory treats players as special --- a description of a game contains a full , explicit enumeration of all players --- even though in the real world , " players " are no more fundamentally special than rocks or clouds . it isn ' t trivial to find a decision - theoretic foundation for game theory in which an agent ' s coplayers are a non - distinguished part of the agent ' s environment . attempts to model both players and the environment as turing mach ←
→ bayesian group factor analysis ; we introduce a factor analysis model that summarizes the dependencies between observed variable groups , instead of dependencies between individual variables as standard factor analysis does . a group may correspond to one view of the same set of objects , one of many data sets tied by co - occurrence , or a set of alternative variables collected from statistics tables to measure one property of interest . we show that by assuming group - wise sparse factors , active in a subset of th ←
→ an annotation scheme for reichenbach ' s verbal tense structure ; in this paper we present rtmml , a markup language for the tenses of verbs and temporal relations between verbs . there is a richness to tense in language that is not fully captured by existing temporal annotation schemata . following reichenbach we present an analysis of tense in terms of abstract time points , with the aim of supporting automated processing of tense and temporal relations in language . this allows for precise reasoning about tense ←
→ condition for neighborhoods in covering based rough sets to form a partition ; neighborhood is an important concept in covering based rough sets . that under what condition neighborhoods form a partition is a meaningful issue induced by this concept . many scholars have paid attention to this issue and presented some necessary and sufficient conditions . however , there exists one common trait among these conditions , that is they are established on the basis of all neighborhoods have been obtained . in this pa ←
→ beyond word frequency : bursts , lulls , and scaling in the temporal distributions of words ; background : zipf ' s discovery that word frequency distributions obey a power law established parallels between biological and physical processes , and language , laying the groundwork for a complex systems perspective on human communication . more recent research has also identified scaling regularities in the dynamics underlying the successive occurrences of events , suggesting the possibility of similar findings for la ←
→ rankpl : a qualitative probabilistic programming language ; in this paper we introduce rankpl , a modeling language that can be thought of as a qualitative variant of a probabilistic programming language with a semantics based on spohn ' s ranking theory . broadly speaking , rankpl can be used to represent and reason about processes that exhibit uncertainty expressible by distinguishing " normal " from " surprising " events . rankpl allows ( iterated ) revision of rankings over alternative program states and supports va ←
→ defensive forecasting for linear protocols ; we consider a general class of forecasting protocols , called " linear protocols ", and discuss several important special cases , including multi - class forecasting . forecasting is formalized as a game between three players : reality , whose role is to generate observations ; forecaster , whose goal is to predict the observations ; and skeptic , who tries to make money on any lack of agreement between forecaster ' s predictions and the actual observations . our main mathematic ←
→ environment - independent task specifications via gltl ; we propose a new task - specification language for markov decision processes that is designed to be an improvement over reward functions by being environment independent . the language is a variant of linear temporal logic ( ltl ) that is extended to probabilistic specifications in a way that permits approximations to be learned in finite time . we provide several small environments that demonstrate the advantages of our geometric ltl ( gltl ) language and illu ←
→ pose flow : efficient online pose tracking ; multi - person articulated pose tracking in complex unconstrained videos is an important and challenging problem . in this paper , going along the road of top - down approaches , we propose a decent and efficient pose tracker based on pose flows . first , we design an online optimization framework to build association of cross - frame poses and form pose flows . second , a novel pose flow non maximum suppression ( nms ) is designed to robustly reduce redundant pose flows and re -←
→ an offline technique for localization of license plates for indian commercial vehicles ; automatic license plate recognition ( alpr ) is a challenging area of research due to its importance to variety of commercial applications . the overall problem may be subdivided into two key modules , firstly , localization of license plates from vehicle images , and secondly , optical character recognition of extracted license plates . in the current work , we have concentrated on the first part of the problem , i . e ., localiz ←
→ the observer - assisted method for adjusting hyper - parameters in deep learning algorithms ; this paper presents a concept of a novel method for adjusting hyper - parameters in deep learning ( dl ) algorithms . an external agent - observer monitors a performance of a selected deep learning algorithm . the observer learns to model the dl algorithm using a series of random experiments . consequently , it may be used for predicting a response of the dl algorithm in terms of a selected quality measurement to a set of hype ←
→ statistical inference on errorfully observed graphs ; statistical inference on graphs is a burgeoning field in the applied and theoretical statistics communities , as well as throughout the wider world of science , engineering , business , etc . in many applications , we are faced with the reality of errorfully observed graphs . that is , the existence of an edge between two vertices is based on some imperfect assessment . in this paper , we consider a graph $ g = ( v , e )$. we wish to perform an inference task -- the in ←
→ parsing of myanmar sentences with function tagging ; this paper describes the use of naive bayes to address the task of assigning function tags and context free grammar ( cfg ) to parse myanmar sentences . part of the challenge of statistical function tagging for myanmar sentences comes from the fact that myanmar has free - phrase - order and a complex morphological system . function tagging is a pre - processing step for parsing . in the task of function tagging , we use the functional annotated corpus and tag myanmar ←
→ pronoun resolution in japanese sentences using surface expressions and examples ; in this paper , we present a method of estimating referents of demonstrative pronouns , personal pronouns , and zero pronouns in japanese sentences using examples , surface expressions , topics and foci . unlike conventional work which was semantic markers for semantic constraints , we used examples for semantic constraints and showed in our experiments that examples are as useful as semantic markers . we also propose many new metho ←
→ abductive and consistency - based diagnosis revisited : a modeling perspective ; diagnostic reasoning has been characterized logically as consistency - based reasoning or abductive reasoning . previous analyses in the literature have shown , on the one hand , that choosing the ( in general more restrictive ) abductive definition may be appropriate or not , depending on the content of the knowledge base [ console & torasso91 ], and , on the other hand , that , depending on the choice of the definition the same knowledge sho ←
→ volumetric data exploration with machine learning - aided visualization in neutron science ; recent advancements in neutron and x - ray sources , instrumentation and data collection modes have significantly increased the experimental data size ( which could easily contain $ 10 ^{ 8 }$-$ 10 ^{ 10 }$ points ), so that conventional volumetric visualization approaches become inefficient for both still imaging and interactive opengl rendition in a 3 - d setting . we introduce a new approach based on the unsupervised machine lea ←
→ deep learning interior tomography for region - of - interest reconstruction ; interior tomography for the region - of - interest ( roi ) imaging has advantages of using a small detector and reducing x - ray radiation dose . however , standard analytic reconstruction suffers from severe cupping artifacts due to existence of null space in the truncated radon transform . existing penalized reconstruction methods may address this problem but they require extensive computations due to the iterative reconstruction . inspired by ←
→ symmetric non - rigid structure from motion for category - specific object structure estimation ; many objects , especially these made by humans , are symmetric , e . g . cars and aeroplanes . this paper addresses the estimation of 3d structures of symmetric objects from multiple images of the same object category , e . g . different cars , seen from various viewpoints . we assume that the deformation between different instances from the same object category is non - rigid and symmetric . in this paper , we extend two leading ←
→ is the multiverse hypothesis capable of explaining the fine tuning of nature laws and constants ? the case of cellular automata ; the objective of this paper is analyzing to which extent the multiverse hypothesis provides a real explanation of the peculiarities of the laws and constants in our universe . first we argue in favor of the thesis that all multiverses except tegmark ' s << mathematical multiverse >> are too small to explain the fine tuning , so that they merely shift the problem up one level . but the ←
→ bi - directional shape correspondences ( bsc ): a novel technique for 2 - d shape warping in quadratic time ? ; we propose bidirectional shape correspondence ( bsc ) as a possible improvement on the famous shape contexts ( sc ) framework . our proposals derive from the observation that the sc framework enforces a one - to - one correspondence between sample points , and that this leads to two possible drawbacks . first , this denies the framework the opportunity to effect advantageous many - to - many matching between points on ←
→ predicting protein contact map using evolutionary and physical constraints by integer programming ( extended version ) ; motivation . protein contact map describes the pairwise spatial and functional relationship of residues in a protein and contains key information for protein 3d structure prediction . although studied extensively , it remains very challenging to predict contact map using only sequence information . most existing methods predict the contact map matrix element - by - element , ignoring correlation a ←
→ memory as a monadic control construct in problem - solving ; recent advances in programming languages study and design have established a standard way of grounding computational systems representation in category theory . these formal results led to a better understanding of issues of control and side - effects in functional and imperative languages . this framework can be successfully applied to the investigation of the performance of artificial intelligence ( ai ) inference and cognitive systems . in this paper , w ←
→ applying mdl to learning best model granularity ; the minimum description length ( mdl ) principle is solidly based on a provably ideal method of inference using kolmogorov complexity . we test how the theory behaves in practice on a general problem in model selection : that of learning the best model granularity . the performance of a model depends critically on the granularity , for example the choice of precision of the parameters . too high precision generally involves modeling of accidental noise and too low ←
→ lsda : large scale detection through adaptation ; a major challenge in scaling object detection is the difficulty of obtaining labeled images for large numbers of categories . recently , deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have emerged as clear winners on object classification benchmarks , in part due to training with 1 . 2m + labeled classification images . unfortunately , only a small fraction of those labels are available for the detection task . it is much cheaper and easier to collect large quantities of i ←
→ non - uniform feature sampling for decision tree ensembles ; we study the effectiveness of non - uniform randomized feature selection in decision tree classification . we experimentally evaluate two feature selection methodologies , based on information extracted from the provided dataset : $( i )$ \ emph { leverage scores - based } and $( ii )$ \ emph { norm - based } feature selection . experimental evaluation of the proposed feature selection techniques indicate that such approaches might be more effective compared to naive uni ←
→ a dynamic programming solution to bounded dejittering problems ; we propose a dynamic programming solution to image dejittering problems with bounded displacements and obtain efficient algorithms for the removal of line jitter , line pixel jitter , and pixel jitter .←
→ efficient non - greedy optimization of decision trees ; decision trees and randomized forests are widely used in computer vision and machine learning . standard algorithms for decision tree induction optimize the split functions one node at a time according to some splitting criteria . this greedy procedure often leads to suboptimal trees . in this paper , we present an algorithm for optimizing the split functions at all levels of the tree jointly with the leaf parameters , based on a global objective . we show tha ←
→ learning localized spatio - temporal models from streaming data ; we address the problem of predicting spatio - temporal processes with temporal patterns that vary across spatial regions , when data is obtained as a stream . that is , when the training dataset is augmented sequentially . specifically , we develop a localized spatio - temporal covariance model of the process that can capture spatially varying temporal periodicities in the data . we then apply a covariance - fitting methodology to learn the model parameter ←
→ an adaptive matrix factorization approach for personalized recommender systems ; given a set $ u $ of users and a set of items $ i $, a dataset of recommendations can be viewed as a sparse rectangular matrix $ a $ of size $| u |\ times | i |$ such that $ a_ { u , i }$ contains the rating the user $ u $ assigns to item $ i $, $ a_ { u , i }=?$ if the user $ u $ has not rated the item $ i $. the goal of a recommender system is to predict replacements to the missing observations $?$ in $ a $ in order to make personalized recommendations mee ←
→ hierarchical learning for dnn - based acoustic scene classification ; in this paper , we present a deep neural network ( dnn )- based acoustic scene classification framework . two hierarchical learning methods are proposed to improve the dnn baseline performance by incorporating the hierarchical taxonomy information of environmental sounds . firstly , the parameters of the dnn are initialized by the proposed hierarchical pre - training . multi - level objective function is then adopted to add more constraint on the cross ←
→ complex networks ; introduction to the special issue on complex networks , artificial life journal .←
→ understanding the mechanisms of deep transfer learning for medical images ; the ability to automatically learn task specific feature representations has led to a huge success of deep learning methods . when large training data is scarce , such as in medical imaging problems , transfer learning has been very effective . in this paper , we systematically investigate the process of transferring a convolutional neural network , trained on imagenet images to perform image classification , to kidney detection problem ←
→ differentially - and non - differentially - private random decision trees ; we consider supervised learning with random decision trees , where the tree construction is completely random . the method is popularly used and works well in practice despite the simplicity of the setting , but its statistical mechanism is not yet well - understood . in this paper we provide strong theoretical guarantees regarding learning with random decision trees . we analyze and compare three different variants of the algorithm that have m ←
→ using dempster - shafer theory in knowledge representation ; in this paper , we suggest marrying dempster - shafer ( ds ) theory with knowledge representation ( kr ). born out of this marriage is the definition of " dempster - shafer belief bases ", abstract data types representing uncertain knowledge that use ds theory for representing strength of belief about our knowledge , and the linguistic structures of an arbitrary kr system for representing the knowledge itself . a formal result guarantees that both the properties ←
→ revisiting the master - slave architecture in multi - agent deep reinforcement learning ; many tasks in artificial intelligence require the collaboration of multiple agents . we exam deep reinforcement learning for multi - agent domains . recent research efforts often take the form of two seemingly conflicting perspectives , the decentralized perspective , where each agent is supposed to have its own controller ; and the centralized perspective , where one assumes there is a larger model controlling all agents . in th ←
→ on the existence of epipolar matrices ; this paper considers the foundational question of the existence of a fundamental ( resp . essential ) matrix given $ m $ point correspondences in two views . we present a complete answer for the existence of fundamental matrices for any value of $ m $. using examples we disprove the widely held beliefs that fundamental matrices always exist whenever $ m \ leq 7 $. at the same time , we prove that they exist unconditionally when $ m \ leq 5 $. under a mild genericity condition , we sh ←
→ online shopping behavior study based on multi - granularity opinion mining : china vs . america ; with the development of e - commerce , many products are now being sold worldwide , and manufacturers are eager to obtain a better understanding of customer behavior in various regions . to achieve this goal , most previous efforts have focused mainly on questionnaires , which are time - consuming and costly . the tremendous volume of product reviews on e - commerce websites has seen a new trend emerge , whereby manufacturers ←
→ automatic open knowledge acquisition via long short - term memory networks with feedback negative sampling ; previous studies in open information extraction ( open ie ) are mainly based on extraction patterns . they manually define patterns or automatically learn them from a large corpus . however , these approaches are limited when grasping the context of a sentence , and they fail to capture implicit relations . in this paper , we address this problem with the following methods . first , we exploit long short - term ←
→ language that matters : statistical inferences for polarity identification in natural language ; information forms the basis for all human behavior , including the ubiquitous decision - making that people constantly perform in their every day lives . it is thus the mission of researchers to understand how humans process information to reach decisions . in order to facilitate this task , this work proposes a novel method of studying the reception of granular expressions in natural language . the approach utilizes ←
→ a visual measure of changes to weighted self - organizing map patterns ; estimating output changes by input changes is the main task in causal analysis . in previous work , input and output self - organizing maps ( soms ) were associated for causal analysis of multivariate and nonlinear data . based on the association , a weight distribution of the output conditional on a given input was obtained over the output map space . such a weighted som pattern of the output changes when the input changes . in order to analyze t ←
→ miriam : a multimodal chat - based interface for autonomous systems ; we present miriam ( multimodal intelligent interaction for autonomous systems ), a multimodal interface to support situation awareness of autonomous vehicles through chat - based interaction . the user is able to chat about the vehicle ' s plan , objectives , previous activities and mission progress . the system is mixed initiative in that it pro - actively sends messages about key events , such as fault warnings . we will demonstrate miriam using seebyte ←
→ machine learning with lexical features : the duluth approach to senseval - 2 ; this paper describes the sixteen duluth entries in the senseval - 2 comparative exercise among word sense disambiguation systems . there were eight pairs of duluth systems entered in the spanish and english lexical sample tasks . these are all based on standard machine learning algorithms that induce classifiers from sense - tagged training text where the context in which ambiguous words occur are represented by simple lexical features .←
→ deep learning framework for multi - class breast cancer histology image classification ; in this work , we present a deep learning framework for multi - class breast cancer image classification as our submission to the international conference on image analysis and recognition ( iciar ) 2018 grand challenge on breast cancer histology images ( bach ). as these histology images are too large to fit into gpu memory , we first propose using inception v3 to perform patch level classification . the patch level predictions ←
→ privacy - preserving visual learning using doubly permuted homomorphic encryption ; we propose a privacy - preserving framework for learning visual classifiers by leveraging distributed private image data . this framework is designed to aggregate multiple classifiers updated locally using private data and to ensure that no private information about the data is exposed during and after its learning procedure . we utilize a homomorphic cryptosystem that can aggregate the local classifiers while they are encrypted ←
→ end - to - end learning of cost - volume aggregation for real - time dense stereo ; we present a new deep learning - based approach for dense stereo matching . compared to previous works , our approach does not use deep learning of pixel appearance descriptors , employing very fast classical matching scores instead . at the same time , our approach uses a deep convolutional network to predict the local parameters of cost volume aggregation process , which in this paper we implement using differentiable domain transform . ←
→ towards end - to - end speech recognition with deep convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are effective models for reducing spectral variations and modeling spectral correlations in acoustic features for automatic speech recognition ( asr ). hybrid speech recognition systems incorporating cnns with hidden markov models / gaussian mixture models ( hmms / gmms ) have achieved the state - of - the - art in various benchmarks . meanwhile , connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) with recurrent ←
→ when is there a representer theorem ? vector versus matrix regularizers ; we consider a general class of regularization methods which learn a vector of parameters on the basis of linear measurements . it is well known that if the regularizer is a nondecreasing function of the inner product then the learned vector is a linear combination of the input data . this result , known as the {\ em representer theorem }, is at the basis of kernel - based methods in machine learning . in this paper , we prove the necessity of t ←
→ gatekeeping algorithms with human ethical bias : the ethics of algorithms in archives , libraries and society ; in the age of algorithms , i focus on the question of how to ensure algorithms that will take over many of our familiar archival and library tasks , will behave according to human ethical norms that have evolved over many years . i start by characterizing physical archives in the context of related institutions such as libraries and museums . in this setting i analyze how ethical principles , in partic ←
→ a survey of recent view - based 3d model retrieval methods ; extensive research efforts have been dedicated to 3d model retrieval in recent decades . recently , view - based methods have attracted much research attention due to the high discriminative property of multi - views for 3d object representation . in this report , we summarize the view - based 3d model methods and provide the further research trends . this paper focuses on the scheme for matching between multiple views of 3d models and the application of bag - o ←
→ regularization for deep learning : a taxonomy ; regularization is one of the crucial ingredients of deep learning , yet the term regularization has various definitions , and regularization methods are often studied separately from each other . in our work we present a systematic , unifying taxonomy to categorize existing methods . we distinguish methods that affect data , network architectures , error terms , regularization terms , and optimization procedures . we do not provide all details about the listed methods ; i ←
→ spectrum hole prediction based on historical data : a neural network approach ; the concept of cognitive radio pioneered by mitola promises to change the future of wireless communication especially in the area of spectrum management . currently , the command and control strategy employed in spectrum assignment is too rigid and needs to be reviewed . recent studies have shown that assigned spectrum is underutilized spectrally and temporally . cognitive radio provides a viable solution whereby licensed users can ←
→ stable models for infinitary formulas with extensional atoms ; the definition of stable models for propositional formulas with infinite conjunctions and disjunctions can be used to describe the semantics of answer set programming languages . in this note , we enhance that definition by introducing a distinction between intensional and extensional atoms . the symmetric splitting theorem for first - order formulas is then extended to infinitary formulas and used to reason about infinitary definitions . this note is ←
→ bounded ltl model checking with stable models ; in this paper bounded model checking of asynchronous concurrent systems is introduced as a promising application area for answer set programming . as the model of asynchronous systems a generalisation of communicating automata , 1 - safe petri nets , are used . it is shown how a 1 - safe petri net and a requirement on the behaviour of the net can be translated into a logic program such that the bounded model checking problem for the net can be solved by computing stab ←
→ the informativeness of $ k $- means and dimensionality reduction for learning mixture models ; the learning of mixture models can be viewed as a clustering problem . indeed , given data samples independently generated from a mixture of distributions , we often would like to find the correct target clustering of the samples according to which component distribution they were generated from . for a clustering problem , practitioners often choose to use the simple k - means algorithm . k - means attempts to find an optim ←
→ comparing distributions and shapes using the kernel distance ; starting with a similarity function between objects , it is possible to define a distance metric on pairs of objects , and more generally on probability distributions over them . these distance metrics have a deep basis in functional analysis , measure theory and geometric measure theory , and have a rich structure that includes an isometric embedding into a ( possibly infinite dimensional ) hilbert space . they have recently been applied to numerous pr ←
→ binary and nonbinary description of hypointensity in human brain mr images ; accumulating evidence has shown that iron is involved in the mechanism underlying many neurodegenerative diseases , such as alzheimer ' s disease , parkinson ' s disease and huntington ' s disease . abnormal ( higher ) iron accumulation has been detected in the brains of most neurodegenerative patients , especially in the basal ganglia region . presence of iron leads to changes in mr signal in both magnitude and phase . accordingly , tissues wi ←
→ cnn based hashing for image retrieval ; along with data on the web increasing dramatically , hashing is becoming more and more popular as a method of approximate nearest neighbor search . previous supervised hashing methods utilized similarity / dissimilarity matrix to get semantic information . but the matrix is not easy to construct for a new dataset . rather than to reconstruct the matrix , we proposed a straightforward cnn - based hashing method , i . e . binarilizing the activations of a fully connected layer with ←
→ solving oscar regularization problems by proximal splitting algorithms ; the oscar ( octagonal selection and clustering algorithm for regression ) regularizer consists of a l_1 norm plus a pair - wise l_inf norm ( responsible for its grouping behavior ) and was proposed to encourage group sparsity in scenarios where the groups are a priori unknown . the oscar regularizer has a non - trivial proximity operator , which limits its applicability . we reformulate this regularizer as a weighted sorted l_1 norm , and propose ←
→ conditional generative adversarial networks for speech enhancement and noise - robust speaker verification ; improving speech system performance in noisy environments remains a challenging task , and speech enhancement ( se ) is one of the effective techniques to solve the problem . motivated by the promising results of generative adversarial networks ( gans ) in a variety of image processing tasks , we explore the potential of conditional gans ( cgans ) for se , and in particular , we make use of the image processing ←
→ an empirical evaluation of sequence - tagging trainers ; the task of assigning label sequences to a set of observed sequences is common in computational linguistics . several models for sequence labeling have been proposed over the last few years . here , we focus on discriminative models for sequence labeling . many batch and online ( updating model parameters after visiting each example ) learning algorithms have been proposed in the literature . on large datasets , online algorithms are preferred as batch learning ←
→ automatic defect detection and classification technique from image : a special case using ceramic tiles ; quality control is an important issue in the ceramic tile industry . on the other hand maintaining the rate of production with respect to time is also a major issue in ceramic tile manufacturing . again , price of ceramic tiles also depends on purity of texture , accuracy of color , shape etc . considering this criteria , an automated defect detection and classification technique has been proposed in this rep ←
→ deep learning and the information bottleneck principle ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) are analyzed via the theoretical framework of the information bottleneck ( ib ) principle . we first show that any dnn can be quantified by the mutual information between the layers and the input and output variables . using this representation we can calculate the optimal information theoretic limits of the dnn and obtain finite sample generalization bounds . the advantage of getting closer to the theoretical limit is quantifia ←
→ efficient discovery of large synchronous events in neural spike streams ; we address the problem of finding patterns from multi - neuronal spike trains that give us insights into the multi - neuronal codes used in the brain and help us design better brain computer interfaces . we focus on the synchronous firings of groups of neurons as these have been shown to play a major role in coding and communication . with large electrode arrays , it is now possible to simultaneously record the spiking activity of hundreds o ←
→ application of deep learning in neuroradiology : automated detection of basal ganglia hemorrhage using 2d - convolutional neural networks ; background : deep learning techniques have achieved high accuracy in image classification tasks , and there is interest in applicability to neuroimaging critical findings . this study evaluates the efficacy of 2d deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) for detecting basal ganglia ( bg ) hemorrhage on noncontrast head ct . materials and methods : 170 unique de - identified hi ←
→ modelling the scene dependent imaging in cameras with a deep neural network ; we present a novel deep learning framework that models the scene dependent image processing inside cameras . often called as the radiometric calibration , the process of recovering raw images from processed images ( jpeg format in the srgb color space ) is essential for many computer vision tasks that rely on physically accurate radiance values . all previous works rely on the deterministic imaging model where the color transformatio ←
→ évaluation de lexiques syntaxiques par leur intégartion dans l ' analyseur syntaxiques frmg ; in this paper , we evaluate various french lexica with the parser frmg : the lefff , lglex , the lexicon built from the tables of the french lexicon - grammar , the lexicon dicovalence and a new version of the verbal entries of the lefff , obtained by merging with dicovalence and partial manual validation . for this , all these lexica have been converted to the format of the lefff , alexina format . the evaluation was made on ←
→ multiresolution search of the rigid motion space for intensity based registration ; we study the relation between the target functions of low - resolution and high - resolution intensity - based registration for the class of rigid transformations . our results show that low resolution target values can tightly bound the high - resolution target function in natural images . this can help with analyzing and better understanding the process of multiresolution image registration . it also gives a guideline for designing ←
→ partitioning large scale deep belief networks using dropout ; deep learning methods have shown great promise in many practical applications , ranging from speech recognition , visual object recognition , to text processing . however , most of the current deep learning methods suffer from scalability problems for large - scale applications , forcing researchers or users to focus on small - scale problems with fewer parameters . in this paper , we consider a well - known machine learning model , deep belief networks ( dbns ←
→ efficient probabilistic performance bounds for inverse reinforcement learning ; in the field of reinforcement learning there has been recent progress towards safety and high - confidence bounds on policy performance . however , to our knowledge , no practical methods exist for determining high - confidence policy performance bounds in the inverse reinforcement learning setting --- where the true reward function is unknown and only samples of expert behavior are given . we propose a sampling method based on bayesian ←
→ deep learning in radiology : an overview of the concepts and a survey of the state of the art ; deep learning is a branch of artificial intelligence where networks of simple interconnected units are used to extract patterns from data in order to solve complex problems . deep learning algorithms have shown groundbreaking performance in a variety of sophisticated tasks , especially those related to images . they have often matched or exceeded human performance . since the medical field of radiology mostly relies ←
→ deep neural networks in fully connected crf for image labeling with social network metadata ; we propose a novel method for predicting image labels by fusing image content descriptors with the social media context of each image . an image uploaded to a social media site such as flickr often has meaningful , associated information , such as comments and other images the user has uploaded , that is complementary to pixel content and helpful in predicting labels . prediction challenges such as imagenet ~\ cite { imag ←
→ classification with low rank and missing data ; we consider classification and regression tasks where we have missing data and assume that the ( clean ) data resides in a low rank subspace . finding a hidden subspace is known to be computationally hard . nevertheless , using a non - proper formulation we give an efficient agnostic algorithm that classifies as good as the best linear classifier coupled with the best low - dimensional subspace in which the data resides . a direct implication is that our algorithm can l ←
→ a new 3d method to segment the lumbar vertebral bodies and to determine bone mineral density and geometry ; in this paper we present a new 3d segmentation approach for the vertebrae of the lower thoracic and the lumbar spine in spiral computed tomography datasets . we implemented a multi - step procedure . its main components are deformable models , volume growing , and morphological operations . the performance analysis that included an evaluation of accuracy using the european spine phantom , and of intra - opera ←
→ load distribution composite design pattern for genetic algorithm - based autonomic computing systems ; current autonomic computing systems are ad hoc solutions that are designed and implemented from the scratch . when designing software , in most cases two or more patterns are to be composed to solve a bigger problem . a composite design patterns shows a synergy that makes the composition more than just the sum of its parts which leads to ready - made software architectures . as far as we know , there are no studi ←
→ activity recognition using a combination of category components and local models for video surveillance ; this paper presents a novel approach for automatic recognition of human activities for video surveillance applications . we propose to represent an activity by a combination of category components , and demonstrate that this approach offers flexibility to add new activities to the system and an ability to deal with the problem of building models for activities lacking training data . for improving the re ←
→ sentence level recurrent topic model : letting topics speak for themselves ; we propose sentence level recurrent topic model ( slrtm ), a new topic model that assumes the generation of each word within a sentence to depend on both the topic of the sentence and the whole history of its preceding words in the sentence . different from conventional topic models that largely ignore the sequential order of words or their topic coherence , slrtm gives full characterization to them by using a recurrent neural network ←
→ marginalized denoising autoencoders for domain adaptation ; stacked denoising autoencoders ( sdas ) have been successfully used to learn new representations for domain adaptation . recently , they have attained record accuracy on standard benchmark tasks of sentiment analysis across different text domains . sdas learn robust data representations by reconstruction , recovering original features from data that are artificially corrupted with noise . in this paper , we propose marginalized sda ( msda ) that addresses tw ←
→ a note on the inapproximability of correlation clustering ; we consider inapproximability of the correlation clustering problem defined as follows : given a graph $ g = ( v , e )$ where each edge is labeled either "+" ( similar ) or "-" ( dissimilar ), correlation clustering seeks to partition the vertices into clusters so that the number of pairs correctly ( resp . incorrectly ) classified with respect to the labels is maximized ( resp . minimized ). the two complementary problems are called maxagree and mindisagree , resp ←
→ scalable topical phrase mining from text corpora ; while most topic modeling algorithms model text corpora with unigrams , human interpretation often relies on inherent grouping of terms into phrases . as such , we consider the problem of discovering topical phrases of mixed lengths . existing work either performs post processing to the inference results of unigram - based topic models , or utilizes complex n - gram - discovery topic models . these methods generally produce low - quality topical phrases or suffer from po ←
→ first results from using game refinement measure and learning coefficient in scrabble ; this paper explores the entertainment experience and learning experience in scrabble . it proposes a new measure from the educational point of view , which we call learning coefficient , based on the balance between the learner ' s skill and the challenge in scrabble . scrabble variants , generated using different size of board and dictionary , are analyzed with two measures of game refinement and learning coefficient . the res ←
→ guesswhat ?! visual object discovery through multi - modal dialogue ; we introduce guesswhat ?!, a two - player guessing game as a testbed for research on the interplay of computer vision and dialogue systems . the goal of the game is to locate an unknown object in a rich image scene by asking a sequence of questions . higher - level image understanding , like spatial reasoning and language grounding , is required to solve the proposed task . our key contribution is the collection of a large - scale dataset consisting of ←
→ adaptive regularization for weight matrices ; algorithms for learning distributions over weight - vectors , such as arow were recently shown empirically to achieve state - of - the - art performance at various problems , with strong theoretical guaranties . extending these algorithms to matrix models pose challenges since the number of free parameters in the covariance of the distribution scales as $ n ^ 4 $ with the dimension $ n $ of the matrix , and $ n $ tends to be large in real applications . we describe , analyze and expe ←
→ a * ccg parsing with a supertag and dependency factored model ; we propose a new a * ccg parsing model in which the probability of a tree is decomposed into factors of ccg categories and its syntactic dependencies both defined on bi - directional lstms . our factored model allows the precomputation of all probabilities and runs very efficiently , while modeling sentence structures explicitly via dependencies . our model achieves the state - of - the - art results on english and japanese ccg parsing .←
→ ripple network : propagating user preferences on the knowledge graph for recommender systems ; to address the sparsity and cold start problem of collaborative filtering , researchers usually make use of side information , such as social networks or item attributes , to improve recommendation performance . this paper considers the knowledge graph as the source of side information . to address the limitations of existing embedding - based and path - based methods for knowledge - graph - aware recommendation , we propose r ←
→ efficient bayes - adaptive reinforcement learning using sample - based search ; bayesian model - based reinforcement learning is a formally elegant approach to learning optimal behaviour under model uncertainty , trading off exploration and exploitation in an ideal way . unfortunately , finding the resulting bayes - optimal policies is notoriously taxing , since the search space becomes enormous . in this paper we introduce a tractable , sample - based method for approximate bayes - optimal planning which exploits monte - ca ←
→ context - dependent word representation for neural machine translation ; we first observe a potential weakness of continuous vector representations of symbols in neural machine translation . that is , the continuous vector representation , or a word embedding vector , of a symbol encodes multiple dimensions of similarity , equivalent to encoding more than one meaning of the word . this has the consequence that the encoder and decoder recurrent networks in neural machine translation need to spend substantial amount ←
→ jeffrey ' s rule of conditioning generalized to belief functions ; jeffrey ' s rule of conditioning has been proposed in order to revise a probability measure by another probability function . we generalize it within the framework of the models based on belief functions . we show that several forms of jeffrey ' s conditionings can be defined that correspond to the geometrical rule of conditioning and to dempster ' s rule of conditioning , respectively .←
→ augment and reduce : stochastic inference for large categorical distributions ; categorical distributions are ubiquitous in machine learning , e . g ., in classification , language models , and recommendation systems . they are also at the core of discrete choice models . however , when the number of possible outcomes is very large , using categorical distributions becomes computationally expensive , as the complexity scales linearly with the number of outcomes . to address this problem , we propose augment and reduce ←
→ adversarial feature augmentation for unsupervised domain adaptation ; recent works showed that generative adversarial networks ( gans ) can be successfully applied in unsupervised domain adaptation , where , given a labeled source dataset and an unlabeled target dataset , the goal is to train powerful classifiers for the target samples . in particular , it was shown that a gan objective function can be used to learn target features indistinguishable from the source ones . in this work , we extend this framework by (←
→ a note on evolutionary stochastic portfolio optimization and probabilistic constraints ; in this note , we extend an evolutionary stochastic portfolio optimization framework to include probabilistic constraints . both the stochastic programming - based modeling environment as well as the evolutionary optimization environment are ideally suited for an integration of various types of probabilistic constraints . we show an approach on how to integrate these constraints . numerical results using recent financial da ←
→ composing meta - policies for autonomous driving using hierarchical deep reinforcement learning ; rather than learning new control policies for each new task , it is possible , when tasks share some structure , to compose a " meta - policy " from previously learned policies . this paper reports results from experiments using deep reinforcement learning on a continuous - state , discrete - action autonomous driving simulator . we explore how deep neural networks can represent meta - policies that switch among a set of previ ←
→ stochastic weighted function norm regularization ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have become increasingly important due to their excellent empirical performance on a wide range of problems . however , regularization is generally achieved by indirect means , largely due to the complex set of functions defined by a network and the difficulty in measuring function complexity . there exists no method in the literature for additive regularization based on a norm of the function , as is classically considered in statist ←
→ a survey of qualitative spatial and temporal calculi -- algebraic and computational properties ; qualitative spatial and temporal reasoning ( qstr ) is concerned with symbolic knowledge representation , typically over infinite domains . the motivations for employing qstr techniques range from exploiting computational properties that allow efficient reasoning to capture human cognitive concepts in a computational framework . the notion of a qualitative calculus is one of the most prominent qstr formalisms . this ←
→ efficient sdp inference for fully - connected crfs based on low - rank decomposition ; conditional random fields ( crf ) have been widely used in a variety of computer vision tasks . conventional crfs typically define edges on neighboring image pixels , resulting in a sparse graph such that efficient inference can be performed . however , these crfs fail to model long - range contextual relationships . fully - connected crfs have thus been proposed . while there are efficient approximate inference methods for such crfs , ←
→ bidirectional recurrent neural networks for medical event detection in electronic health records ; sequence labeling for extraction of medical events and their attributes from unstructured text in electronic health record ( ehr ) notes is a key step towards semantic understanding of ehrs . it has important applications in health informatics including pharmacovigilance and drug surveillance . the state of the art supervised machine learning models in this domain are based on conditional random fields ( crfs ) wi ←
→ a human and group behaviour simulation evaluation framework utilising composition and video analysis ; in this work we present the modular crowd simulation evaluation through composition framework ( csec ) which provides a quantitative comparison between different pedestrian and crowd simulation approaches . evaluation is made based on the comparison of source footage against synthetic video created through novel composition techniques . the proposed framework seeks to reduce the complexity of simulation eval ←
→ retrofitting distributional embeddings to knowledge graphs with functional relations ; knowledge graphs are a versatile framework to encode richly structured data relationships , but it not always apparent how to combine these with existing entity representations . methods for retrofitting pre - trained entity representations to the structure of a knowledge graph typically assume that entities are embedded in a connected space and that relations imply similarity . however , useful knowledge graphs often contain ←
→ bayesian image segmentations by potts prior and loopy belief propagation ; this paper presents a bayesian image segmentation model based on potts prior and loopy belief propagation . the proposed bayesian model involves several terms , including the pairwise interactions of potts models , and the average vectors and covariant matrices of gauss distributions in color image modeling . these terms are often referred to as hyperparameters in statistical machine learning theory . in order to determine these hyperpara ←
→ the boundary forest algorithm for online supervised and unsupervised learning ; we describe a new instance - based learning algorithm called the boundary forest ( bf ) algorithm , that can be used for supervised and unsupervised learning . the algorithm builds a forest of trees whose nodes store previously seen examples . it can be shown data points one at a time and updates itself incrementally , hence it is naturally online . few instance - based algorithms have this property while being simultaneously fast , which ←
→ une nouvelle règle de combinaison répartissant le conflit - applications en imagerie sonar et classification de cibles radar ; these last years , there were many studies on the problem of the conflict coming from information combination , especially in evidence theory . we can summarise the solutions for manage the conflict into three different approaches : first , we can try to suppress or reduce the conflict before the combination step , secondly , we can manage the conflict in order to give no influence of th ←
→ systematic verification of the modal logic cube in isabelle / hol ; we present an automated verification of the well - known modal logic cube in isabelle / hol , in which we prove the inclusion relations between the cube ' s logics using automated reasoning tools . prior work addresses this problem but without restriction to the modal logic cube , and using encodings in first - order logic in combination with first - order automated theorem provers . in contrast , our solution is more elegant , transparent and effective . it ←
→ bidirectional recursive neural networks for token - level labeling with structure ; recently , deep architectures , such as recurrent and recursive neural networks have been successfully applied to various natural language processing tasks . inspired by bidirectional recurrent neural networks which use representations that summarize the past and future around an instance , we propose a novel architecture that aims to capture the structural information around an input , and use it to label instances . we apply our ←
→ fca - an approach on leach protocol of wireless sensor networks using fuzzy logic ; in order to gather information more efficiently , wireless sensor networks are partitioned into clusters . the most of the proposed clustering algorithms do not consider the location of the base station . this situation causes hot spots problem in multi - hop wireless sensor networks . in this paper , we propose a fuzzy clustering algorithm ( fca ) which aims to prolong the lifetime of wireless sensor networks . fca adjusts the clus ←
→ dealing with natural language interfaces in a geolocation context ; in the geolocation field where high - level programs and low - level devices coexist , it is often difficult to find a friendly user inter - face to configure all the parameters . the challenge addressed in this paper is to propose intuitive and simple , thus natural lan - guage interfaces to interact with low - level devices . such inter - faces contain natural language processing and fuzzy represen - tations of words that facilitate the elicitation of ←
→ dynamics of core of language vocabulary ; studies of the overall structure of vocabulary and its dynamics became possible due to creation of diachronic text corpora , especially google books ngram . this article discusses the question of core change rate and the degree to which the core words cover the texts . different periods of the last three centuries and six main european languages presented in google books ngram are compared . the main result is high stability of core change rate , which is analogous to st ←
→ attention - based extraction of structured information from street view imagery ; we present a neural network model - based on cnns , rnns and a novel attention mechanism - which achieves 84 . 2 % accuracy on the challenging french street name signs ( fsns ) dataset , significantly outperforming the previous state of the art ( smith ' 16 ), which achieved 72 . 46 %. furthermore , our new method is much simpler and more general than the previous approach . to demonstrate the generality of our model , we show that it also per ←
→ assigning personality / identity to a chatting machine for coherent conversation generation ; endowing a chatbot with personality or an identity is quite challenging but critical to deliver more realistic and natural conversations . in this paper , we address the issue of generating responses that are coherent to a pre - specified agent profile . we design a model consisting of three modules : a profile detector to decide whether a post should be responded using the profile and which key should be addressed , a bi ←
→ state - of - the - art speech recognition with sequence - to - sequence models ; attention - based encoder - decoder architectures such as listen , attend , and spell ( las ), subsume the acoustic , pronunciation and language model components of a traditional automatic speech recognition ( asr ) system into a single neural network . in previous work , we have shown that such architectures are comparable to state - of - theart asr systems on dictation tasks , but it was not clear if such architectures would be practical for more challe ←
→ parallel gaussian process regression with low - rank covariance matrix approximations ; gaussian processes ( gp ) are bayesian non - parametric models that are widely used for probabilistic regression . unfortunately , it cannot scale well with large data nor perform real - time predictions due to its cubic time cost in the data size . this paper presents two parallel gp regression methods that exploit low - rank covariance matrix approximations for distributing the computational load among parallel machines to achiev ←
→ unsupervised model compression for multilayer bootstrap networks ; recently , multilayer bootstrap network ( mbn ) has demonstrated promising performance in unsupervised dimensionality reduction . it can learn compact representations in standard data sets , i . e . mnist and rcv1 . however , as a bootstrap method , the prediction complexity of mbn is high . in this paper , we propose an unsupervised model compression framework for this general problem of unsupervised bootstrap methods . the framework compresses a large u ←
→ memetic search for identifying critical nodes in sparse graphs ; critical node problems involve identifying a subset of critical nodes from an undirected graph whose removal results in optimizing a pre - defined measure over the residual graph . as useful models for a variety of practical applications , these problems are computational challenging . in this paper , we study the classic critical node problem ( cnp ) and introduce an effective memetic algorithm for solving cnp . the proposed algorithm combines a doubl ←
→ critical echo state networks that anticipate input using morphable transfer functions ; the paper investigates a new type of truly critical echo state networks where individual transfer functions for every neuron can be modified to anticipate the expected next input . deviations from expected input are only forgotten slowly in power law fashion . the paper outlines the theory , numerically analyzes a one neuron model network and finally discusses technical and also biological implications of this type of app ←
→ sparse kernel canonical correlation analysis via $\ ell_1 $- regularization ; canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) is a multivariate statistical technique for finding the linear relationship between two sets of variables . the kernel generalization of cca named kernel cca has been proposed to find nonlinear relations between datasets . despite their wide usage , they have one common limitation that is the lack of sparsity in their solution . in this paper , we consider sparse kernel cca and propose a novel sparse k ←
→ deep feature compression for collaborative object detection ; recent studies have shown that the efficiency of deep neural networks in mobile applications can be significantly improved by distributing the computational workload between the mobile device and the cloud . this paradigm , termed collaborative intelligence , involves communicating feature data between the mobile and the cloud . the efficiency of such approach can be further improved by lossy compression of feature data , which has not been examined t ←
→ neural signatures for licence plate re - identification ; the problem of vehicle licence plate re - identification is generally considered as a one - shot image retrieval problem . the objective of this task is to learn a feature representation ( called a " signature ") for licence plates . incoming licence plate images are converted to signatures and matched to a previously collected template database through a distance measure . then , the input image is recognized as the template whose signature is " nearest " to the i ←
→ a survey on domain - specific languages for machine learning in big data ; the amount of data generated in the modern society is increasing rapidly . new problems and novel approaches of data capture , storage , analysis and visualization are responsible for the emergence of the big data research field . machine learning algorithms can be used in big data to make better and more accurate inferences . however , because of the challenges big data imposes , these algorithms need to be adapted and optimized to specific ←
→ asymmetric action abstractions for multi - unit control in adversarial real - time games ; action abstractions restrict the number of legal actions available during search in multi - unit real - time adversarial games , thus allowing algorithms to focus their search on a set of promising actions . optimal strategies derived from un - abstracted spaces are guaranteed to be no worse than optimal strategies derived from action - abstracted spaces . in practice , however , due to real - time constraints and the state space size ←
→ domain adaptation with randomized expectation maximization ; domain adaptation ( da ) is the task of classifying an unlabeled dataset ( target ) using a labeled dataset ( source ) from a related domain . the majority of successful da methods try to directly match the distributions of the source and target data by transforming the feature space . despite their success , state of the art methods based on this approach are either involved or unable to directly scale to data with many features . this article shows that d ←
→ animation of 3d human model using markerless motion capture applied to sports ; markerless motion capture is an active research in 3d virtualization . in proposed work we presented a system for markerless motion capture for 3d human character animation , paper presents a survey on motion and skeleton tracking techniques which are developed or are under development . the paper proposed a method to transform the motion of a performer to a 3d human character ( model ), the 3d human character performs similar move ←
→ a proposal for ethically traceable artificial intelligence ; although the problem of a critique of robotic behavior in near - unanimous agreement to human norms seems intractable , a starting point of such an ambition is a framework of the collection of knowledge a priori and experience a posteriori categorized as a set of synthetical judgments available to the intelligence , translated into computer code . if such a proposal were successful , an algorithm with ethically traceable behavior and cogent equivalence ←
→ acquiring lexical paraphrases from a single corpus ; this paper studies the potential of identifying lexical paraphrases within a single corpus , focusing on the extraction of verb paraphrases . most previous approaches detect individual paraphrase instances within a pair ( or set ) of comparable corpora , each of them containing roughly the same information , and rely on the substantial level of correspondence of such corpora . we present a novel method that successfully detects isolated paraphrase instances with ←
→ finding eyewitness tweets during crises ; disaster response agencies have started to incorporate social media as a source of fast - breaking information to understand the needs of people affected by the many crises that occur around the world . these agencies look for tweets from within the region affected by the crisis to get the latest updates of the status of the affected region . however only 1 % of all tweets are geotagged with explicit location information . first responders lose valuable information becaus ←
→ hierarchical approach for total variation digital image inpainting ; the art of recovering an image from damage in an undetectable form is known as inpainting . the manual work of inpainting is most often a very time consuming process . due to digitalization of this technique , it is automatic and faster . in this paper , after the user selects the regions to be reconstructed , the algorithm automatically reconstruct the lost regions with the help of the information surrounding them . the existing methods perform ←
→ automatic segmenting teeth in x - ray images : trends , a novel data set , benchmarking and future perspectives ; this review presents an in - depth study of the literature on segmentation methods applied in dental imaging . ten segmentation methods were studied and categorized according to the type of the segmentation method ( region - based , threshold - based , cluster - based , boundary - based or watershed - based ), type of x - ray images used ( intra - oral or extra - oral ) and characteristics of the dataset used to evaluate th ←
→ delineation of skin strata in reflectance confocal microscopy images using recurrent convolutional networks with toeplitz attention ; reflectance confocal microscopy ( rcm ) is an effective , non - invasive pre - screening tool for skin cancer diagnosis , but it requires extensive training and experience to assess accurately . there are few quantitative tools available to standardize image acquisition and analysis , and the ones that are available are not interpretable . in this study , we use a recurrent neural netw ←
→ efficient learning of simplices ; we show an efficient algorithm for the following problem : given uniformly random points from an arbitrary n - dimensional simplex , estimate the simplex . the size of the sample and the number of arithmetic operations of our algorithm are polynomial in n . this answers a question of frieze , jerrum and kannan [ fjk ]. our result can also be interpreted as efficiently learning the intersection of n + 1 half - spaces in r ^ n in the model where the intersection is bounded and we are given ←
→ an analysis of the t - sne algorithm for data visualization ; a first line of attack in exploratory data analysis is data visualization , i . e ., generating a 2 - dimensional representation of data that makes clusters of similar points visually identifiable . standard johnson - lindenstrauss dimensionality reduction does not produce data visualizations . the t - sne heuristic of van der maaten and hinton , which is based on non - convex optimization , has become the de facto standard for visualization in a wide range of app ←
→ variational hybridization and transformation for large inaccurate noisy - or networks ; variational inference provides approximations to the computationally intractable posterior distribution in bayesian networks . a prominent medical application of noisy - or bayesian network is to infer potential diseases given observed symptoms . previous studies focus on approximating a handful of complicated pathological cases using variational transformation . our goal is to use variational transformation as part of a nove ←
→ predicting college basketball match outcomes using machine learning techniques : some results and lessons learned ; most existing work on predicting ncaab matches has been developed in a statistical context . trusting the capabilities of ml techniques , particularly classification learners , to uncover the importance of features and learn their relationships , we evaluated a number of different paradigms on this task . in this paper , we summarize our work , pointing out that attributes seem to be more important ←
→ coherence pursuit : fast , simple , and robust principal component analysis ; this paper presents a remarkably simple , yet powerful , algorithm termed coherence pursuit ( cop ) to robust principal component analysis ( pca ). as inliers lie in a low dimensional subspace and are mostly correlated , an inlier is likely to have strong mutual coherence with a large number of data points . by contrast , outliers either do not admit low dimensional structures or form small clusters . in either case , an outlier is unlikely to ←
→ recommender systems inspired by the structure of quantum theory ; physicists use quantum models to describe the behavior of physical systems . quantum models owe their success to their interpretability , to their relation to probabilistic models ( quantization of classical models ) and to their high predictive power . beyond physics , these properties are valuable in general data science . this motivates the use of quantum models to analyze general nonphysical datasets . here we provide both empirical and theoretic ←
→ multidimensional data classification with artificial neural networks ; multi - dimensional data classification is an important and challenging problem in many astro - particle experiments . neural networks have proved to be versatile and robust in multi - dimensional data classification . in this article we shall study the classification of gamma from the hadrons for the magic experiment . two neural networks have been used for the classification task . one is multi - layer perceptron based on supervised learning and o ←
→ handwritten bangla character recognition using the state - of - art deep convolutional neural networks ; in spite of advances in object recognition technology , handwritten bangla character recognition ( hbcr ) remains largely unsolved due to the presence of many ambiguous handwritten characters and excessively cursive bangla handwritings . even the best existing recognizers do not lead to satisfactory performance for practical applications related to bangla character recognition and have much lower performance t ←
→ low - resource neural headline generation ; recent neural headline generation models have shown great results , but are generally trained on very large datasets . we focus our efforts on improving headline quality on smaller datasets by the means of pretraining . we propose new methods that enable pre - training all the parameters of the model and utilize all available text , resulting in improvements by up to 32 . 4 % relative in perplexity and 2 . 84 points in rouge .←
→ personalization of itineraries search using ontology and rules to avoid congestion in urban areas ; there is a relatively small amount of research covering urban freight movements . most research dealing with the subject of urban mobility focuses on passenger vehicles , not commercial vehicles hauling freight . however , in many ways , urban freight transport contributes to congestion , air pollution , noise , accident and more fuel consumption which raises logistic costs , and hence the price of products . the mai ←
→ probabilistic search for structured data via probabilistic programming and nonparametric bayes ; databases are widespread , yet extracting relevant data can be difficult . without substantial domain knowledge , multivariate search queries often return sparse or uninformative results . this paper introduces an approach for searching structured data based on probabilistic programming and nonparametric bayes . users specify queries in a probabilistic language that combines standard sql database search operators w ←
→ joint maximum purity forest with application to image super - resolution ; in this paper , we propose a novel random - forest scheme , namely joint maximum purity forest ( jmpf ), for classification , clustering , and regression tasks . in the jmpf scheme , the original feature space is transformed into a compactly pre - clustered feature space , via a trained rotation matrix . the rotation matrix is obtained through an iterative quantization process , where the input data belonging to different classes are clustered to the ←
→ density - sensitive semisupervised inference ; semisupervised methods are techniques for using labeled data $( x_1 , y_1 ),\ ldots ,( x_n , y_n )$ together with unlabeled data $ x_ { n + 1 },\ ldots , x_n $ to make predictions . these methods invoke some assumptions that link the marginal distribution $ p_x $ of x to the regression function f ( x ). for example , it is common to assume that f is very smooth over high density regions of $ p_x $. many of the methods are ad - hoc and have been shown to work in specific examples but are lackin ←
→ 1 . 5 billion words arabic corpus ; this study is an attempt to build a contemporary linguistic corpus for arabic language . the corpus produced , is a text corpus includes more than five million newspaper articles . it contains over a billion and a half words in total , out of which , there is about three million unique words . the data were collected from newspaper articles in ten major news sources from eight arabic countries , over a period of fourteen years . the corpus was encoded with two types of encoding , na ←
→ fill it up : exploiting partial dependency annotations in a minimum spanning tree parser ; unsupervised models of dependency parsing typically require large amounts of clean , unlabeled data plus gold - standard part - of - speech tags . adding indirect supervision ( e . g . language universals and rules ) can help , but we show that obtaining small amounts of direct supervision - here , partial dependency annotations - provides a strong balance between zero and full supervision . we adapt the unsupervised convexmst depen ←
→ texture fuzzy segmentation using skew divergence adaptive affinity functions ; digital image segmentation is the process of assigning distinct labels to different objects in a digital image , and the fuzzy segmentation algorithm has been successfully used in the segmentation of images from a wide variety of sources . however , the traditional fuzzy segmentation algorithm fails to segment objects that are characterized by textures whose patterns cannot be successfully described by simple statistics computed o ←
→ deep recurrent neural networks for mapping winter vegetation quality coverage via multi - temporal sar sentinel - 1 ; mapping winter vegetation quality coverage is a challenge problem of remote sensing . this is due to the cloud coverage in winter period , leading to use radar rather than optical images . the objective of this paper is to provide a better understanding of the capabilities of radar sentinel - 1 and deep learning concerning about mapping winter vegetation quality coverage . the analysis presented in ←
→ affact - alignment - free facial attribute classification technique ; facial attributes are soft - biometrics that allow limiting the search space , e . g ., by rejecting identities with non - matching facial characteristics such as nose sizes or eyebrow shapes . in this paper , we investigate how the latest versions of deep convolutional neural networks , resnets , perform on the facial attribute classification task . we test two loss functions : the sigmoid cross - entropy loss and the euclidean loss , and find that for cla ←
→ generative models and model criticism via optimized maximum mean discrepancy ; we propose a method to optimize the representation and distinguishability of samples from two probability distributions , by maximizing the estimated power of a statistical test based on the maximum mean discrepancy ( mmd ). this optimized mmd is applied to the setting of unsupervised learning by generative adversarial networks ( gan ), in which a model attempts to generate realistic samples , and a discriminator attempts to tell the ←
→ towards transparent ai systems : interpreting visual question answering models ; deep neural networks have shown striking progress and obtained state - of - the - art results in many ai research fields in the recent years . however , it is often unsatisfying to not know why they predict what they do . in this paper , we address the problem of interpreting visual question answering ( vqa ) models . specifically , we are interested in finding what part of the input ( pixels in images or words in questions ) the vqa model fo ←
→ learning the reward function for a misspecified model ; in model - based reinforcement learning it is typical to treat the problems of learning the dynamics model and learning the reward function separately . however , when the dynamics model is flawed , it may generate erroneous states that would never occur in the true environment . a reward function trained only to map environment states to rewards ( as is typical ) would have little guidance in such states . this paper presents a novel error bound that accounts ←
→ the identification of context - sensitive features : a formal definition of context for concept learning ; a large body of research in machine learning is concerned with supervised learning from examples . the examples are typically represented as vectors in a multi - dimensional feature space ( also known as attribute - value descriptions ). a teacher partitions a set of training examples into a finite number of classes . the task of the learning algorithm is to induce a concept from the training examples . in this ←
→ neural vector spaces for unsupervised information retrieval ; we propose the neural vector space model ( nvsm ), a method that learns representations of documents in an unsupervised manner for news article retrieval . in the nvsm paradigm , we learn low - dimensional representations of words and documents from scratch using gradient descent and rank documents according to their similarity with query representations that are composed from word representations . we show that nvsm performs better at document ranking ←
→ towards bayesian deep learning : a framework and some existing methods ; while perception tasks such as visual object recognition and text understanding play an important role in human intelligence , the subsequent tasks that involve inference , reasoning and planning require an even higher level of intelligence . the past few years have seen major advances in many perception tasks using deep learning models . for higher - level inference , however , probabilistic graphical models with their bayesian nature are stil ←
→ a kernel test for three - variable interactions ; we introduce kernel nonparametric tests for lancaster three - variable interaction and for total independence , using embeddings of signed measures into a reproducing kernel hilbert space . the resulting test statistics are straightforward to compute , and are used in powerful interaction tests , which are consistent against all alternatives for a large family of reproducing kernels . we show the lancaster test to be sensitive to cases where two independent causes in ←
→ answering image riddles using vision and reasoning through probabilistic soft logic ; in this work , we explore a genre of puzzles (" image riddles ") which involves a set of images and a question . answering these puzzles require both capabilities involving visual detection ( including object , activity recognition ) and , knowledge - based or commonsense reasoning . we compile a dataset of over 3k riddles where each riddle consists of 4 images and a groundtruth answer . the annotations are validated using crowd - sou ←
→ decisional processes with boolean neural network : the emergence of mental schemes ; human decisional processes result from the employment of selected quantities of relevant information , generally synthesized from environmental incoming data and stored memories . their main goal is the production of an appropriate and adaptive response to a cognitive or behavioral task . different strategies of response production can be adopted , among which haphazard trials , formation of mental schemes and heuristics . in th ←
→ a hybrid rule based fuzzy - neural expert system for passive network monitoring ; an enhanced approach for network monitoring is to create a network monitoring tool that has artificial intelligence characteristics . there are a number of approaches available . one such approach is by the use of a combination of rule based , fuzzy logic and neural networks to create a hybrid anfis system . such system will have a dual knowledge database approach . one containing membership function values to compare to and do ded ←
→ actions ~ transformations ; what defines an action like " kicking ball "? we argue that the true meaning of an action lies in the change or transformation an action brings to the environment . in this paper , we propose a novel representation for actions by modeling an action as a transformation which changes the state of the environment before the action happens ( precondition ) to the state after the action ( effect ). motivated by recent advancements of video representation using deep learning , we design a siame ←
→ less - forgetful learning for domain expansion in deep neural networks ; expanding the domain that deep neural network has already learned without accessing old domain data is a challenging task because deep neural networks forget previously learned information when learning new data from a new domain . in this paper , we propose a less - forgetful learning method for the domain expansion scenario . while existing domain adaptation techniques solely focused on adapting to new domains , the proposed technique focuse ←
→ how crossover speeds up building - block assembly in genetic algorithms ; we re - investigate a fundamental question : how effective is crossover in genetic algorithms in combining building blocks of good solutions ? although this has been discussed controversially for decades , we are still lacking a rigorous and intuitive answer . we provide such answers for royal road functions and onemax , where every bit is a building block . for the latter we show that using crossover makes every ($\ mu $+$\ lambda $) genetic algor ←
→ learning piece - wise linear models from large scale data for ad click prediction ; ctr prediction in real - world business is a difficult machine learning problem with large scale nonlinear sparse data . in this paper , we introduce an industrial strength solution with model named large scale piece - wise linear model ( ls - plm ). we formulate the learning problem with $ l_1 $ and $ l_ { 2 , 1 }$ regularizers , leading to a non - convex and non - smooth optimization problem . then , we propose a novel algorithm to solve it effici ←
→ fashion - mnist : a novel image dataset for benchmarking machine learning algorithms ; we present fashion - mnist , a new dataset comprising of 28x28 grayscale images of 70 , 000 fashion products from 10 categories , with 7 , 000 images per category . the training set has 60 , 000 images and the test set has 10 , 000 images . fashion - mnist is intended to serve as a direct drop - in replacement for the original mnist dataset for benchmarking machine learning algorithms , as it shares the same image size , data format and the s ←
→ automatic liver lesion segmentation using a deep convolutional neural network method ; liver lesion segmentation is an important step for liver cancer diagnosis , treatment planning and treatment evaluation . lits ( liver tumor segmentation challenge ) provides a common testbed for comparing different automatic liver lesion segmentation methods . we participate in this challenge by developing a deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ) method . the particular dcnn model works in 2 . 5d in that it takes a stack of ←
→ understanding model counting for $ β $- acyclic cnf - formulas ; we extend the knowledge about so - called structural restrictions of $\ mathrm {\# sat }$ by giving a polynomial time algorithm for $\ beta $- acyclic $\ mathrm {\# sat }$. in contrast to previous algorithms in the area , our algorithm does not proceed by dynamic programming but works along an elimination order , solving a weighted version of constraint satisfaction . moreover , we give evidence that this deviation from more standard algorithm is not a coincidence ,←
→ variable sigma gaussian processes : an expectation propagation perspective ; gaussian processes ( gps ) provide a probabilistic nonparametric representation of functions in regression , classification , and other problems . unfortunately , exact learning with gps is intractable for large datasets . a variety of approximate gp methods have been proposed that essentially map the large dataset into a small set of basis points . the most advanced of these , the variable - sigma gp ( vsgp ) ( walder et al ., 2008 ), allows eac ←
→ iterative inversion of deformation vector fields with feedback control ; purpose : this study aims at improving both accuracy with respect to inverse consistency and efficiency for numerical dvf inversion , by the development of a fixed - point iteration method with feedback control . method : we introduce an iterative method with active feedback control for dvf inversion , its analysis and adaptation to patient - specific data . the method improves upon and includes two previous fixed - point iteration methods . at eac ←
→ learning unknown ode models with gaussian processes ; in conventional ode modelling coefficients of an equation driving the system state forward in time are estimated . however , for many complex systems it is practically impossible to determine the equations or interactions governing the underlying dynamics . in these settings , parametric ode model cannot be formulated . here , we overcome this issue by introducing a novel paradigm of nonparametric ode modelling that can learn the underlying dynamics of arbitra ←
→ an efficient hybrid cs and k - means algorithm for the capacitated pmedian problem ; capacitated p - median problem ( cpmp ) is an important variation of facility location problem in which p capacitated medians are economically selected to serve a set of demand vertices so that the total assigned demand to each of the candidate medians must not exceed its capacity . this paper surveys and analyses the combination of cuckoo search and k - means algorithms to solve the cpmp . in order to check for quality and validit ←
→ understanding the disharmony between dropout and batch normalization by variance shift ; this paper first answers the question " why do the two most powerful techniques dropout and batch normalization ( bn ) often lead to a worse performance when they are combined together ?" in both theoretical and statistical aspects . theoretically , we find that dropout would shift the variance of a specific neural unit when we transfer the state of that network from train to test . however , bn would maintain its statistical ←
→ unsupervised regenerative learning of hierarchical features in spiking deep networks for object recognition ; we present a spike - based unsupervised regenerative learning scheme to train spiking deep networks ( spikecnn ) for object recognition problems using biologically realistic leaky integrate - and - fire neurons . the training methodology is based on the auto - encoder learning model wherein the hierarchical network is trained layer wise using the encoder - decoder principle . regenerative learning uses spike - ti ←
→ information utilization ratio in heuristic optimization algorithms ; heuristic algorithms are able to optimize objective functions efficiently because they use intelligently the information about the objective functions . thus , information utilization is critical to the performance of heuristics . however , the concept of information utilization has remained vague and abstract because there is no reliable metric to reflect the extent to which the information about the objective function is utilized by heuristi ←
→ learning mid - level words on riemannian manifold for action recognition ; human action recognition remains a challenging task due to the various sources of video data and large intra - class variations . it thus becomes one of the key issues in recent research to explore effective and robust representation to handle such challenges . in this paper , we propose a novel representation approach by constructing mid - level words in videos and encoding them on riemannian manifold . specifically , we first conduct a global ←
→ real - time dense stereo matching with elas on fpga accelerated embedded devices ; for many applications in low - power real - time robotics , stereo cameras are the sensors of choice for depth perception as they are typically cheaper and more versatile than their active counterparts . their biggest drawback , however , is that they do not directly sense depth maps ; instead , these must be estimated through data - intensive processes . therefore , appropriate algorithm selection plays an important role in achieving the ←
→ diffusion fingerprints ; we introduce , test and discuss a method for classifying and clustering data modeled as directed graphs . the idea is to start diffusion processes from any subset of a data collection , generating corresponding distributions for reaching points in the network . these distributions take the form of high - dimensional numerical vectors and capture essential topological properties of the original dataset . we show how these diffusion vectors can be successfully applied for getting state - of - th ←
→ ray rllib : a framework for distributed reinforcement learning ; reinforcement learning ( rl ) training involves the deep nesting of highly irregular computation patterns , each of which typically exhibits opportunities for distributed computation . current rl libraries offer parallelism at the level of the entire program , coupling all algorithm components together and making existing implementations difficult to scale , combine , and reuse . we argue for distributing rl components in a composable way by adapting a ←
→ an evolutionary approach to drug - design using a novel neighbourhood based genetic algorithm ; the present work provides a new approach to evolve ligand structures which represent possible drug to be docked to the active site of the target protein . the structure is represented as a tree where each non - empty node represents a functional group . it is assumed that the active site configuration of the target protein is known with position of the essential residues . in this paper the interaction energy of the l ←
→ counterexample guided abstraction refinement algorithm for propositional circumscription ; circumscription is a representative example of a nonmonotonic reasoning inference technique . circumscription has often been studied for first order theories , but its propositional version has also been the subject of extensive research , having been shown equivalent to extended closed world assumption ( ecwa ). moreover , entailment in propositional circumscription is a well - known example of a decision problem in the se ←
→ optimal learners for multiclass problems ; the fundamental theorem of statistical learning states that for binary classification problems , any empirical risk minimization ( erm ) learning rule has close to optimal sample complexity . in this paper we seek for a generic optimal learner for multiclass prediction . we start by proving a surprising result : a generic optimal multiclass learner must be improper , namely , it must have the ability to output hypotheses which do not belong to the hypothesis class , even th ←
→ compositional distributional semantics with long short term memory ; we are proposing an extension of the recursive neural network that makes use of a variant of the long short - term memory architecture . the extension allows information low in parse trees to be stored in a memory register ( the ` memory cell ') and used much later higher up in the parse tree . this provides a solution to the vanishing gradient problem and allows the network to capture long range dependencies . experimental results show that our c ←
→ pilot testing an artificial intelligence algorithm that selects homeless youth peer leaders who promote hiv testing ; objective . to pilot test an artificial intelligence ( ai ) algorithm that selects peer change agents ( pca ) to disseminate hiv testing messaging in a population of homeless youth . methods . we recruited and assessed 62 youth at baseline , 1 month ( n = 48 ), and 3 months ( n = 38 ). a facebook app collected preliminary social network data . eleven pcas selected by ai attended a 1 - day training and 7 ←
→ searching for objects using structure in indoor scenes ; to identify the location of objects of a particular class , a passive computer vision system generally processes all the regions in an image to finally output few regions . however , we can use structure in the scene to search for objects without processing the entire image . we propose a search technique that sequentially processes image regions such that the regions that are more likely to correspond to the query class object are explored earlier . we fr ←
→ generative compression ; traditional image and video compression algorithms rely on hand - crafted encoder / decoder pairs ( codecs ) that lack adaptability and are agnostic to the data being compressed . here we describe the concept of generative compression , the compression of data using generative models , and suggest that it is a direction worth pursuing to produce more accurate and visually pleasing reconstructions at much deeper compression levels for both image and video data . we also demonstrate that genera ←
→ factorized bilinear models for image recognition ; although deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have liberated their power in various computer vision tasks , the most important components of cnn , convolutional layers and fully connected layers , are still limited to linear transformations . in this paper , we propose a novel factorized bilinear ( fb ) layer to model the pairwise feature interactions by considering the quadratic terms in the transformations . compared with existing methods that tried to incor ←
→ prepaid or postpaid ? that is the question . novel methods of subscription type prediction in mobile phone services ; in this paper we investigate the behavioural differences between mobile phone customers with prepaid and postpaid subscriptions . our study reveals that ( a ) postpaid customers are more active in terms of service usage and ( b ) there are strong structural correlations in the mobile phone call network as connections between customers of the same subscription type are much more frequent than thos ←
→ considering a resource - light approach to learning verb valencies ; here we describe work on learning the subcategories of verbs in a morphologically rich language using only minimal linguistic resources . our goal is to learn verb subcategorizations for quechua , an under - resourced morphologically rich language , from an unannotated corpus . we compare results from applying this approach to an unannotated arabic corpus with those achieved by processing the same text in treebank form . the original plan was to us ←
→ domain transfer structured output learning ; in this paper , we propose the problem of domain transfer structured output learn - ing and the first solution to solve it . the problem is defined on two different data domains sharing the same input and output spaces , named as source domain and target domain . the outputs are structured , and for the data samples of the source domain , the corresponding outputs are available , while for most data samples of the target domain , the corresponding outputs are missing . the ←
→ navigating robot swarms using collective intelligence learned from golden shiner fish ; navigating networked robot swarms often requires knowing where to go , sensing the environment , and path - planning based on the destination and barriers in the environment . such a process is computationally intensive . moreover , as the network scales up , the computational load increases quadratically , or even exponentially . unlike these man - made systems , most biological systems scale linearly in complexity . furthermore , t ←
→ policy gradient methods for reinforcement learning with function approximation and action - dependent baselines ; we show how an action - dependent baseline can be used by the policy gradient theorem using function approximation , originally presented with action - independent baselines by ( sutton et al . 2000 ).←
→ what a nasty day : exploring mood - weather relationship from twitter ; while it has long been believed in psychology that weather somehow influences human ' s mood , the debates have been going on for decades about how they are correlated . in this paper , we try to study this long - lasting topic by harnessing a new source of data compared from traditional psychological researches : twitter . we analyze 2 years ' twitter data collected by twitter api which amounts to $ 10 \%$ of all postings and try to reveal the correl ←
→ towards learning domain - independent planning heuristics ; automated planning remains one of the most general paradigms in artificial intelligence , providing means of solving problems coming from a wide variety of domains . one of the key factors restricting the applicability of planning is its computational complexity resulting from exponentially large search spaces . heuristic approaches are necessary to solve all but the simplest problems . in this work , we explore the possibility of obtaining domain - indepen ←
→ how much is said in a microblog ? a multilingual inquiry based on weibo and twitter ; this paper presents a multilingual study on , per single post of microblog text , ( a ) how much can be said , ( b ) how much is written in terms of characters and bytes , and ( c ) how much is said in terms of information content in posts by different organizations in different languages . focusing on three different languages ( english , chinese , and japanese ), this research analyses weibo and twitter accounts of major embassies and ←
→ mutual exclusivity loss for semi - supervised deep learning ; in this paper we consider the problem of semi - supervised learning with deep convolutional neural networks ( convnets ). semi - supervised learning is motivated on the observation that unlabeled data is cheap and can be used to improve the accuracy of classifiers . in this paper we propose an unsupervised regularization term that explicitly forces the classifier ' s prediction for multiple classes to be mutually - exclusive and effectively guides the decisio ←
→ interactive restless multi - armed bandit game and swarm intelligence effect ; we obtain the conditions for the emergence of the swarm intelligence effect in an interactive game of restless multi - armed bandit ( rmab ). a player competes with multiple agents . each bandit has a payoff that changes with a probability $ p_ { c }$ per round . the agents and player choose one of three options : ( 1 ) exploit ( a good bandit ), ( 2 ) innovate ( asocial learning for a good bandit among $ n_ { i }$ randomly chosen bandits ), and ( 3 ) ob ←
→ gradient descent can take exponential time to escape saddle points ; although gradient descent ( gd ) almost always escapes saddle points asymptotically [ lee et al ., 2016 ], this paper shows that even with fairly natural random initialization schemes and non - pathological functions , gd can be significantly slowed down by saddle points , taking exponential time to escape . on the other hand , gradient descent with perturbations [ ge et al ., 2015 , jin et al ., 2017 ] is not slowed down by saddle points - it can find an ←
→ a theory of probabilistic boosting , decision trees and matryoshki ; we present a theory of boosting probabilistic classifiers . we place ourselves in the situation of a user who only provides a stopping parameter and a probabilistic weak learner / classifier and compare three types of boosting algorithms : probabilistic adaboost , decision tree , and tree of trees of ... of trees , which we call matryoshka . " nested tree ," " embedded tree " and " recursive tree " are also appropriate names for this algorithm , which is ←
→ 3d point cloud denoising using graph laplacian regularization of a low dimensional manifold model ; 3d point cloud - a new signal representation of volumetric objects - is a discrete collection of triples marking exterior object surface locations in 3d space . conventional imperfect acquisition processes of 3d point cloud - e . g ., stereo - matching from multiple viewpoint images or depth data acquired directly from active light sensors - imply non - negligible noise in the data . in this paper , we adopt a previo ←
→ iris recognition using scattering transform and textural features ; iris recognition has drawn a lot of attention since the mid - twentieth century . among all biometric features , iris is known to possess a rich set of features . different features have been used to perform iris recognition in the past . in this paper , two powerful sets of features are introduced to be used for iris recognition : scattering transform - based features and textural features . pca is also applied on the extracted features to reduce the ←
→ challenging personalized video recommendation ; the online videos are generated at an unprecedented speed in recent years . as a result , how to generate personalized recommendation from the large volume of videos becomes more and more challenging . in this paper , we propose to extract the non - textual contents from the videos themselves to enhance the personalized video recommendation . the change of the content types makes us study three issues in this paper . the first issue is what non - textual contents are he ←
→ hidden markov model based part of speech tagger for sinhala language ; in this paper we present a fundamental lexical semantics of sinhala language and a hidden markov model ( hmm ) based part of speech ( pos ) tagger for sinhala language . in any natural language processing task , part of speech is a very vital topic , which involves analysing of the construction , behaviour and the dynamics of the language , which the knowledge could utilized in computational linguistics analysis and automation applications . thoug ←
→ a dynamic graph - cuts method with integrated multiple feature maps for segmenting kidneys in ultrasound images ; purpose : to improve kidney segmentation in clinical ultrasound ( us ) images , we develop a new graph cuts based method to segment kidney us images by integrating original image intensity information and texture feature maps extracted using gabor filters . methods : to handle large appearance variation within kidney images and improve computational efficiency , we build a graph of image pixels close t ←
→ pqk - means : billion - scale clustering for product - quantized codes ; data clustering is a fundamental operation in data analysis . for handling large - scale data , the standard k - means clustering method is not only slow , but also memory - inefficient . we propose an efficient clustering method for billion - scale feature vectors , called pqk - means . by first compressing input vectors into short product - quantized ( pq ) codes , pqk - means achieves fast and memory - efficient clustering , even for high - dimensional vectors . simil ←
→ fault detection engine in intelligent predictive analytics platform for dcim ; with the advancement of huge data generation and data handling capability , machine learning and probabilistic modelling enables an immense opportunity to employ predictive analytics platform in high security critical industries namely data centers , electricity grids , utilities , airport etc . where downtime minimization is one of the primary objectives . this paper proposes a novel , complete architecture of an intelligent predicti ←
→ learning local metrics and influential regions for classification ; the performance of distance - based classifiers heavily depends on the underlying distance metric , so it is valuable to learn a suitable metric from the data . to address the problem of multimodality , it is desirable to learn local metrics . in this short paper , we define a new intuitive distance with local metrics and influential regions , and subsequently propose a novel local metric learning method for distance - based classification . our key i ←
→ algebraic statistics in model selection ; we develop the necessary theory in computational algebraic geometry to place bayesian networks into the realm of algebraic statistics . we present an algebra { statistics dictionary focused on statistical modeling . in particular , we link the notion of effiective dimension of a bayesian network with the notion of algebraic dimension of a variety . we also obtain the independence and non { independence constraints on the distributions over the observable variables implied b ←
→ learning representations by maximizing compression ; we give an algorithm that learns a representation of data through compression . the algorithm 1 ) predicts bits sequentially from those previously seen and 2 ) has a structure and a number of computations similar to an autoencoder . the likelihood under the model can be calculated exactly , and arithmetic coding can be used directly for compression . when training on digits the algorithm learns filters similar to those of restricted boltzman machines and denois ←
→ noise level estimation for overcomplete dictionary learning based on tight asymptotic bounds ; in this letter , we address the problem of estimating gaussian noise level from the trained dictionaries in update stage . we first provide rigorous statistical analysis on the eigenvalue distributions of a sample covariance matrix . then we propose an interval - bounded estimator for noise variance in high dimensional setting . to this end , an effective estimation method for noise level is devised based on the boundn ←
→ leveraging distributional semantics for multi - label learning ; we present a novel and scalable label embedding framework for large - scale multi - label learning a . k . a exmlds ( extreme multi - label learning using distributional semantics ). our approach draws inspiration from ideas rooted in distributional semantics , specifically the skip gram negative sampling ( sgns ) approach , widely used to learn word embeddings for natural language processing tasks . learning such embeddings can be reduced to a certain matrix fa ←
→ knife : kernel iterative feature extraction ; selecting important features in non - linear or kernel spaces is a difficult challenge in both classification and regression problems . when many of the features are irrelevant , kernel methods such as the support vector machine and kernel ridge regression can sometimes perform poorly . we propose weighting the features within a kernel with a sparse set of weights that are estimated in conjunction with the original classification or regression problem . the iterative a ←
→ prediction with a short memory ; we consider the problem of predicting the next observation given a sequence of past observations , and consider the extent to which accurate prediction requires complex algorithms that explicitly leverage long - range dependencies . perhaps surprisingly , our positive results show that for a broad class of sequences , there is an algorithm that predicts well on average , and bases its predictions only on the most recent few observation together with a set of simple summary statisti ←
→ z - forcing : training stochastic recurrent networks ; many efforts have been devoted to training generative latent variable models with autoregressive decoders , such as recurrent neural networks ( rnn ). stochastic recurrent models have been successful in capturing the variability observed in natural sequential data such as speech . we unify successful ideas from recently proposed architectures into a stochastic recurrent model : each step in the sequence is associated with a latent variable that is used to condi ←
→ model reframing by feature context change ; the feature space ( including both input and output variables ) characterises a data mining problem . in predictive ( supervised ) problems , the quality and availability of features determines the predictability of the dependent variable , and the performance of data mining models in terms of misclassification or regression error . good features , however , are usually difficult to obtain . it is usual that many instances come with missing values , either because the actual ←
→ expensive optimisation : a metaheuristics perspective ; stochastic , iterative search methods such as evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) are proven to be efficient optimizers . however , they require evaluation of the candidate solutions which may be prohibitively expensive in many real world optimization problems . use of approximate models or surrogates is being explored as a way to reduce the number of such evaluations . in this paper we investigated three such methods . the first method ( dafhea ) partially replaces ←
→ the parallel algorithm for the 2 - d discrete wavelet transform ; the discrete wavelet transform can be found at the heart of many image - processing algorithms . until now , the transform on general - purpose processors ( cpus ) was mostly computed using a separable lifting scheme . as the lifting scheme consists of a small number of operations , it is preferred for processing using single - core cpus . however , considering a parallel processing using multi - core processors , this scheme is inappropriate due to a large num ←
→ using deep autoencoders for facial expression recognition ; feature descriptors involved in image processing are generally manually chosen and high dimensional in nature . selecting the most important features is a very crucial task for systems like facial expression recognition . this paper investigates the performance of deep autoencoders for feature selection and dimension reduction for facial expression recognition on multiple levels of hidden layers . the features extracted from the stacked autoencoder ou ←
→ applying fuzzy id3 decision tree for software effort estimation ; web effort estimation is a process of predicting the efforts and cost in terms of money , schedule and staff for any software project system . many estimation models have been proposed over the last three decades and it is believed that it is a must for the purpose of : budgeting , risk analysis , project planning and control , and project improvement investment analysis . in this paper , we investigate the use of fuzzy id3 decision tree for software ←
→ nonlinear dynamic field embedding : on hyperspectral scene visualization ; graph embedding techniques are useful to characterize spectral signature relations for hyperspectral images . however , such images consists of disjoint classes due to spatial details that are often ignored by existing graph computing tools . robust parameter estimation is a challenge for kernel functions that compute such graphs . finding a corresponding high quality coordinate system to map signature relations remains an open research q ←
→ explicit inductive bias for transfer learning with convolutional networks ; in inductive transfer learning , fine - tuning pre - trained convolutional networks substantially outperforms training from scratch . when using fine - tuning , the underlying assumption is that the pre - trained model extracts generic features , which are at least partially relevant for solving the target task , but would be difficult to extract from the limited amount of data available on the target task . however , besides the initialization ←
→ correlation alignment for unsupervised domain adaptation ; in this chapter , we present correlation alignment ( coral ), a simple yet effective method for unsupervised domain adaptation . coral minimizes domain shift by aligning the second - order statistics of source and target distributions , without requiring any target labels . in contrast to subspace manifold methods , it aligns the original feature distributions of the source and target domains , rather than the bases of lower - dimensional subspaces . it is also ←
→ autofocus correction of azimuth phase error and residual range cell migration in spotlight sar polar format imagery ; synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) images are often blurred by phase perturbations induced by uncompensated sensor motion and / or unknown propagation effects caused by turbulent media . to get refocused images , autofocus proves to be useful post - processing technique applied to estimate and compensate the unknown phase errors . however , a severe drawback of the conventional autofocus algorithms i ←
→ autoencoder node saliency : selecting relevant latent representations ; the autoencoder is an artificial neural network model that learns hidden representations of unlabeled data . with a linear transfer function it is similar to the principal component analysis ( pca ). while both methods use weight vectors for linear transformations , the autoencoder does not come with any indication similar to the eigenvalues in pca that are paired with the eigenvectors . we propose a novel supervised node saliency ( sns ) metho ←
→ fast non - parametric tests of relative dependency and similarity ; we introduce two novel non - parametric statistical hypothesis tests . the first test , called the relative test of dependency , enables us to determine whether one source variable is significantly more dependent on a first target variable or a second . dependence is measured via the hilbert - schmidt independence criterion ( hsic ). the second test , called the relative test of similarity , is use to determine which of the two samples from arbitrary dis ←
→ an order preserving bilinear model for person detection in multi - modal data ; we propose a new order preserving bilinear framework that exploits low - resolution video for person detection in a multi - modal setting using deep neural networks . in this setting cameras are strategically placed such that less robust sensors , e . g . geophones that monitor seismic activity , are located within the field of views ( fovs ) of cameras . the primary challenge is being able to leverage sufficient information from videos wher ←
→ a large dataset to train convolutional networks for disparity , optical flow , and scene flow estimation ; recent work has shown that optical flow estimation can be formulated as a supervised learning task and can be successfully solved with convolutional networks . training of the so - called flownet was enabled by a large synthetically generated dataset . the present paper extends the concept of optical flow estimation via convolutional networks to disparity and scene flow estimation . to this end , we propose ←
→ learning to segment every thing ; existing methods for object instance segmentation require all training instances to be labeled with segmentation masks . this requirement makes it expensive to annotate new categories and has restricted instance segmentation models to ~ 100 well - annotated classes . the goal of this paper is to propose a new partially supervised training paradigm , together with a novel weight transfer function , that enables training instance segmentation models over a large set of categories fo ←
→ fast spectral algorithms from sum - of - squares proofs : tensor decomposition and planted sparse vectors ; we consider two problems that arise in machine learning applications : the problem of recovering a planted sparse vector in a random linear subspace and the problem of decomposing a random low - rank overcomplete 3 - tensor . for both problems , the best known guarantees are based on the sum - of - squares method . we develop new algorithms inspired by analyses of the sum - of - squares method . our algorithms achieve th ←
→" what is relevant in a text document ?": an interpretable machine learning approach ; text documents can be described by a number of abstract concepts such as semantic category , writing style , or sentiment . machine learning ( ml ) models have been trained to automatically map documents to these abstract concepts , allowing to annotate very large text collections , more than could be processed by a human in a lifetime . besides predicting the text ' s category very accurately , it is also highly desirable to unders ←
→ on the digital homology groups of digital images ; in this article we study the digital homology groups of digital images which are based on the singular homology groups of topological spaces in algebraic topology . specifically , we define a digitally standard $ n $- simplex , a digitally singular $ n $- simplex , and the digital homology groups of digital images with $ k $- adjacency relations . we then construct a covariant functor from a category of digital images and digitally continuous functions to the one of abel ←
→ benchmarking kaze and mcm for multiclass classification ; in this paper , we propose a novel approach for feature generation by appropriately fusing kaze and sift features . we then use this feature set along with minimal complexity machine ( mcm ) for object classification . we show that kaze and sift features are complementary . experimental results indicate that an elementary integration of these techniques can outperform the state - of - the - art approaches .←
→ towards the creation of a large corpus of synthetically - identified clinical notes ; clinical notes often describe the most important aspects of a patient ' s physiology and are therefore critical to medical research . however , these notes are typically inaccessible to researchers without prior removal of sensitive protected health information ( phi ), a natural language processing ( nlp ) task referred to as deidentification . tools to automatically de - identify clinical notes are needed but are difficult to creat ←
→ multi - modal image registration for correlative microscopy ; correlative microscopy is a methodology combining the functionality of light microscopy with the high resolution of electron microscopy and other microscopy technologies . image registration for correlative microscopy is quite challenging because it is a multi - modal , multi - scale and multi - dimensional registration problem . in this report , i introduce two methods of image registration for correlative microscopy . the first method is based on fiducials ←
→ lemma mining over hol light ; large formal mathematical libraries consist of millions of atomic inference steps that give rise to a corresponding number of proved statements ( lemmas ). analogously to the informal mathematical practice , only a tiny fraction of such statements is named and re - used in later proofs by formal mathematicians . in this work , we suggest and implement criteria defining the estimated usefulness of the hol light lemmas for proving further theorems . we use these criteria to mine the larg ←
→ intrinsic gaussian processes on complex constrained domains ; we propose a class of intrinsic gaussian processes ( in - gps ) for interpolation , regression and classification on manifolds with a primary focus on complex constrained domains or irregular shaped spaces arising as subsets or submanifolds of r , r2 , r3 and beyond . for example , in - gps can accommodate spatial domains arising as complex subsets of euclidean space . in - gps respect the potentially complex boundary or interior conditions as well as the intr ←
→ mpst : a corpus of movie plot synopses with tags ; social tagging of movies reveals a wide range of heterogeneous information about movies , like the genre , plot structure , soundtracks , metadata , visual and emotional experiences . such information can be valuable in building automatic systems to create tags for movies . automatic tagging systems can help recommendation engines to improve the retrieval of similar movies as well as help viewers to know what to expect from a movie in advance . in this paper , we set ←
→ private posterior distributions from variational approximations ; privacy preserving mechanisms such as differential privacy inject additional randomness in the form of noise in the data , beyond the sampling mechanism . ignoring this additional noise can lead to inaccurate and invalid inferences . in this paper , we incorporate the privacy mechanism explicitly into the likelihood function by treating the original data as missing , with an end goal of estimating posterior distributions over model parameters . thi ←
→ pushbroom stereo for high - speed navigation in cluttered environments ; we present a novel stereo vision algorithm that is capable of obstacle detection on a mobile - cpu processor at 120 frames per second . our system performs a subset of standard block - matching stereo processing , searching only for obstacles at a single depth . by using an onboard imu and state - estimator , we can recover the position of obstacles at all other depths , building and updating a full depth - map at framerate . here , we describe both ←
→ detecting hands in egocentric videos : towards action recognition ; recently , there has been a growing interest in analyzing human daily activities from data collected by wearable cameras . since the hands are involved in a vast set of daily tasks , detecting hands in egocentric images is an important step towards the recognition of a variety of egocentric actions . however , besides extreme illumination changes in egocentric images , hand detection is not a trivial task because of the intrinsic large variability ←
→ markov chain monte carlo using tree - based priors on model structure ; we present a general framework for defining priors on model structure and sampling from the posterior using the metropolis - hastings algorithm . the key idea is that structure priors are defined via a probability tree and that the proposal mechanism for the metropolis - hastings algorithm operates by traversing this tree , thereby defining a cheaply computable acceptance probability . we have applied this approach to bayesian net structure lear ←
→ how to evaluate dimensionality reduction ? - improving the co - ranking matrix ; the growing number of dimensionality reduction methods available for data visualization has recently inspired the development of quality assessment measures , in order to evaluate the resulting low - dimensional representation independently from a methods ' inherent criteria . several ( existing ) quality measures can be ( re ) formulated based on the so - called co - ranking matrix , which subsumes all rank errors ( i . e . differences between th ←
→ orbslam - based endoscope tracking and 3d reconstruction ; we aim to track the endoscope location inside the surgical scene and provide 3d reconstruction , in real - time , from the sole input of the image sequence captured by the monocular endoscope . this information offers new possibilities for developing surgical navigation and augmented reality applications . the main benefit of this approach is the lack of extra tracking elements which can disturb the surgeon performance in the clinical routine . it is our fir ←
→ conceptualization of object compositions using persistent homology ; a topological shape analysis is proposed and utilized to learn concepts that reflect shape commonalities . our approach is two - fold : i ) a spatial topology analysis of point cloud segment constellations within objects . therein constellations are decomposed and described in an hierarchical manner - from single segments to segment groups until a single group reflects an entire object . ii ) a topology analysis of the description space in which s ←
→ learning gating convnet for two - stream based methods in action recognition ; for the two - stream style methods in action recognition , fusing the two streams ' predictions is always by the weighted averaging scheme . this fusion method with fixed weights lacks of pertinence to different action videos and always needs trial and error on the validation set . in order to enhance the adaptability of two - stream convnets and improve its performance , an end - to - end trainable gated fusion method , namely gating convnet ,←
→ an efficient large - scale semi - supervised multi - label classifier capable of handling missing labels ; multi - label classification has received considerable interest in recent years . multi - label classifiers have to address many problems including : handling large - scale datasets with many instances and a large set of labels , compensating missing label assignments in the training set , considering correlations between labels , as well as exploiting unlabeled data to improve prediction performance . to tackle datas ←
→ refinement of operator - valued reproducing kernels ; this paper studies the construction of a refinement kernel for a given operator - valued reproducing kernel such that the vector - valued reproducing kernel hilbert space of the refinement kernel contains that of the given one as a subspace . the study is motivated from the need of updating the current operator - valued reproducing kernel in multi - task learning when underfitting or overfitting occurs . numerical simulations confirm that the established refinement ←
→ automated audio captioning with recurrent neural networks ; we present the first approach to automated audio captioning . we employ an encoder - decoder scheme with an alignment model in between . the input to the encoder is a sequence of log mel - band energies calculated from an audio file , while the output is a sequence of words , i . e . a caption . the encoder is a multi - layered , bi - directional gated recurrent unit ( gru ) and the decoder a multi - layered gru with a classification layer connected to the last gru of ←
→ hol ( y ) hammer : online atp service for hol light ; hol ( y ) hammer is an online ai / atp service for formal ( computer - understandable ) mathematics encoded in the hol light system . the service allows its users to upload and automatically process an arbitrary formal development ( project ) based on hol light , and to attack arbitrary conjectures that use the concepts defined in some of the uploaded projects . for that , the service uses several automated reasoning systems combined with several premise selection methods tr ←
→ cnndroid : gpu - accelerated execution of trained deep convolutional neural networks on android ; many mobile applications running on smartphones and wearable devices would potentially benefit from the accuracy and scalability of deep cnn - based machine learning algorithms . however , performance and energy consumption limitations make the execution of such computationally intensive algorithms on mobile devices prohibitive . we present a gpu - accelerated library , dubbed cnndroid , for execution of trained deep cnn ←
→ rapid adaptation of pos tagging for domain specific uses ; part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging is a fundamental component for performing natural language tasks such as parsing , information extraction , and question answering . when pos taggers are trained in one domain and applied in significantly different domains , their performance can degrade dramatically . we present a methodology for rapid adaptation of pos taggers to new domains . our technique is unsupervised in that a manually annotated corpus for the new doma ←
→ multiscale residual mixture of pca : dynamic dictionaries for optimal basis learning ; in this paper we are interested in the problem of learning an over - complete basis and a methodology such that the reconstruction or inverse problem does not need optimization . we analyze the optimality of the presented approaches , their link to popular already known techniques s . a . artificial neural networks , k - means or oja ' s learning rule . finally , we will see that one approach to reach the optimal dictionary is a factor ←
→ eyemotion : classifying facial expressions in vr using eye - tracking cameras ; one of the main challenges of social interaction in virtual reality settings is that head - mounted displays occlude a large portion of the face , blocking facial expressions and thereby restricting social engagement cues among users . hence , auxiliary means of sensing and conveying these expressions are needed . we present an algorithm to automatically infer expressions by analyzing only a partially occluded face while the user is en ←
→ improving ocr accuracy on early printed books by combining pretraining , voting , and active learning ; we combine three methods which significantly improve the ocr accuracy of ocr models trained on early printed books : ( 1 ) the pretraining method utilizes the information stored in already existing models trained on a variety of typesets ( mixed models ) instead of starting the training from scratch . ( 2 ) performing cross fold training on a single set of ground truth data ( line images and their transcriptions ) ←
→ contact state analysis using nfis and som ; this paper reports application of neuro - fuzzy inference system ( nfis ) and self organizing feature map neural networks ( som ) on detection of contact state in a block system . in this manner , on a simple system , the evolution of contact states , by parallelization of dda , has been investigated . so , a comparison between nfis and som results has been presented . the results show applicability of the proposed methods , by different accuracy , on detection of contact ' s dist ←
→ jfleg : a fluency corpus and benchmark for grammatical error correction ; we present a new parallel corpus , jhu fluency - extended gug corpus ( jfleg ) for developing and evaluating grammatical error correction ( gec ). unlike other corpora , it represents a broad range of language proficiency levels and uses holistic fluency edits to not only correct grammatical errors but also make the original text more native sounding . we describe the types of corrections made and benchmark four leading gec systems on this corp ←
→ teraflop - scale incremental machine learning ; we propose a long - term memory design for artificial general intelligence based on solomonoff ' s incremental machine learning methods . we use r5rs scheme and its standard library with a few omissions as the reference machine . we introduce a levin search variant based on stochastic context free grammar together with four synergistic update algorithms that use the same grammar as a guiding probability distribution of programs . the update algorithms include adjusting ←
→ energy disaggregation for real - time building flexibility detection ; energy is a limited resource which has to be managed wisely , taking into account both supply - demand matching and capacity constraints in the distribution grid . one aspect of the smart energy management at the building level is given by the problem of real - time detection of flexible demand available . in this paper we propose the use of energy disaggregation techniques to perform this task . firstly , we investigate the use of existing classif ←
→ the in - town monitoring system for ambulance dispatch centre ; the paper presents the vehicles integrated monitoring system giving priorities for emergency vehicles . the described system exploits the data gathered by : geographical positioning systems and geographical information systems . the digital maps and roadside cameras provide the dispatchers with aims for in town ambulances traffic management . the method of vehicles positioning in the city network and algorithms for ambulances recognition by image pro ←
→ graph - based active learning : a new look at expected error minimization ; in graph - based active learning , algorithms based on expected error minimization ( eem ) have been popular and yield good empirical performance . the exact computation of eem optimally balances exploration and exploitation . in practice , however , eem - based algorithms employ various approximations due to the computational hardness of exact eem . this can result in a lack of either exploration or exploitation , which can negatively impact the e ←
→ combining existential rules and transitivity : next steps ; we consider existential rules ( aka datalog +) as a formalism for specifying ontologies . in recent years , many classes of existential rules have been exhibited for which conjunctive query ( cq ) entailment is decidable . however , most of these classes cannot express transitivity of binary relations , a frequently used modelling construct . in this paper , we address the issue of whether transitivity can be safely combined with decidable classes of existenti ←
→ a fully convolutional network for semantic labeling of 3d point clouds ; when classifying point clouds , a large amount of time is devoted to the process of engineering a reliable set of features which are then passed to a classifier of choice . generally , such features - usually derived from the 3d - covariance matrix - are computed using the surrounding neighborhood of points . while these features capture local information , the process is usually time - consuming , and requires the application at multiple scales ←
→ end - to - end kernel learning with supervised convolutional kernel networks ; in this paper , we introduce a new image representation based on a multilayer kernel machine . unlike traditional kernel methods where data representation is decoupled from the prediction task , we learn how to shape the kernel with supervision . we proceed by first proposing improvements of the recently - introduced convolutional kernel networks ( ckns ) in the context of unsupervised learning ; then , we derive backpropagation rules to take ←
→ learning non - lambertian object intrinsics across shapenet categories ; we consider the non - lambertian object intrinsic problem of recovering diffuse albedo , shading , and specular highlights from a single image of an object . we build a large - scale object intrinsics database based on existing 3d models in the shapenet database . rendered with realistic environment maps , millions of synthetic images of objects and their corresponding albedo , shading , and specular ground - truth images are used to train an encod ←
→ learning disentangled representations with semi - supervised deep generative models ; variational autoencoders ( vaes ) learn representations of data by jointly training a probabilistic encoder and decoder network . typically these models encode all features of the data into a single variable . here we are interested in learning disentangled representations that encode distinct aspects of the data into separate variables . we propose to learn such representations using model architectures that generalise from st ←
→ a multi - stage probabilistic algorithm for dynamic path - planning ; probabilistic sampling methods have become very popular to solve single - shot path planning problems . rapidly - exploring random trees ( rrts ) in particular have been shown to be efficient in solving high dimensional problems . even though several rrt variants have been proposed for dynamic replanning , these methods only perform well in environments with infrequent changes . this paper addresses the dynamic path planning problem by combining simple ←
→ artificial intelligence based malware analysis ; artificial intelligence methods have often been applied to perform specific functions or tasks in the cyber - defense realm . however , as adversary methods become more complex and difficult to divine , piecemeal efforts to understand cyber - attacks , and malware - based attacks in particular , are not providing sufficient means for malware analysts to understand the past , present and future characteristics of malware . in this paper , we present the malware analysis a ←
→ a data set for evaluating the performance of multi - class multi - object video tracking ; one of the challenges in evaluating multi - object video detection , tracking and classification systems is having publically available data sets with which to compare different systems . however , the measures of performance for tracking and classification are different . data sets that are suitable for evaluating tracking systems may not be appropriate for classification . tracking video data sets typically only have ground ←
→ overcoming catastrophic forgetting by incremental moment matching ; catastrophic forgetting is a problem of neural networks that loses the information of the first task after training the second task . here , we propose a method , i . e . incremental moment matching ( imm ), to resolve this problem . imm incrementally matches the moment of the posterior distribution of the neural network which is trained on the first and the second task , respectively . to make the search space of posterior parameter smooth , the imm p ←
→ analogy mining for specific design needs ; finding analogical inspirations in distant domains is a powerful way of solving problems . however , as the number of inspirations that could be matched and the dimensions on which that matching could occur grow , it becomes challenging for designers to find inspirations relevant to their needs . furthermore , designers are often interested in exploring specific aspects of a product -- for example , one designer might be interested in improving the brewing capability of a ←
→ a lemma based evaluator for semitic language text summarization systems ; matching texts in highly inflected languages such as arabic by simple stemming strategy is unlikely to perform well . in this paper , we present a strategy for automatic text matching technique for for inflectional languages , using arabic as the test case . the system is an extension of rouge test in which texts are matched on token ' s lemma level . the experimental results show an enhancement of detecting similarities between different se ←
→ desirability and the birth of incomplete preferences ; we establish an equivalence between two seemingly different theories : one is the traditional axiomatisation of incomplete preferences on horse lotteries based on the mixture independence axiom ; the other is the theory of desirable gambles developed in the context of imprecise probability . the equivalence allows us to revisit incomplete preferences from the viewpoint of desirability and through the derived notion of coherent lower previsions . on this bas ←
→ automatic classification of music genre using masked conditional neural networks ; neural network based architectures used for sound recognition are usually adapted from other application domains such as image recognition , which may not harness the time - frequency representation of a signal . the conditional neural networks ( clnn ) and its extension the masked conditional neural networks ( mclnn ) are designed for multidimensional temporal signal recognition . the clnn is trained over a window of frames to pres ←
→ 3d point cloud classification and segmentation using 3d modified fisher vector representation for convolutional neural networks ; the point cloud is gaining prominence as a method for representing 3d shapes , but its irregular format poses a challenge for deep learning methods . the common solution of transforming the data into a 3d voxel grid introduces its own challenges , mainly large memory size . in this paper we propose a novel 3d point cloud representation called 3d modified fisher vectors ( 3dmfv ). our ←
→ a low cost non - wearable gaze detection system based on infrared image processing ; human eye gaze detection plays an important role in various fields , including human - computer interaction , virtual reality and cognitive science . although different relatively accurate systems of eye tracking and gaze detection exist , they are usually either too expensive to be bought for low cost applications or too complex to be implemented easily . in this article , we propose a non - wearable system for eye tracking and gaze ←
→ robust principal component analysis on graphs ; principal component analysis ( pca ) is the most widely used tool for linear dimensionality reduction and clustering . still it is highly sensitive to outliers and does not scale well with respect to the number of data samples . robust pca solves the first issue with a sparse penalty term . the second issue can be handled with the matrix factorization model , which is however non - convex . besides , pca based clustering can also be enhanced by using a graph of data sim ←
→ improving analytical tomographic reconstructions through consistency conditions ; this work introduces and characterizes a fast parameterless filter based on the helgason - ludwig consistency conditions , used to improve the accuracy of analytical reconstructions of tomographic undersampled datasets . the filter , acting in the radon domain , extrapolates intermediate projections between those existing . the resulting sinogram , doubled in views , is then reconstructed by a standard analytical method . experiments ←
→ efficient edge detection on low - cost fpgas ; improving the efficiency of edge detection in embedded applications , such as uav control , is critical for reducing system cost and power dissipation . field programmable gate arrays ( fpga ) are a good platform for making improvements because of their specialised internal structure . however , current fpga edge detectors do not exploit this structure well . a new edge detection architecture is proposed that is better optimised for fpgas . the basis of the architecture i ←
→ cyborg systems as platforms for computer - vision algorithm - development for astrobiology ; employing the allegorical imagery from the film " the matrix ", we motivate and discuss our ` cyborg astrobiologist ' research program . in this research program , we are using a wearable computer and video camcorder in order to test and train a computer - vision system to be a field - geologist and field - astrobiologist .←
→ fractally - organized connectionist networks : conjectures and preliminary results ; a strict interpretation of connectionism mandates complex networks of simple components . the question here is , is this simplicity to be interpreted in absolute terms ? i conjecture that absolute simplicity might not be an essential attribute of connectionism , and that it may be effectively exchanged with a requirement for relative simplicity , namely simplicity with respect to the current organizational level . in this paper i ←
→ tractability of theory patching ; in this paper we consider the problem of ` theory patching ', in which we are given a domain theory , some of whose components are indicated to be possibly flawed , and a set of labeled training examples for the domain concept . the theory patching problem is to revise only the indicated components of the theory , such that the resulting theory correctly classifies all the training examples . theory patching is thus a type of theory revision in which revisions are made to individu ←
→ an efficient index for visual search in appearance - based slam ; vector - quantization can be a computationally expensive step in visual bag - of - words ( bow ) search when the vocabulary is large . a bow - based appearance slam needs to tackle this problem for an efficient real - time operation . we propose an effective method to speed up the vector - quantization process in bow - based visual slam . we employ a graph - based nearest neighbor search ( gnns ) algorithm to this aim , and experimentally show that it can outperform t ←
→ disentangling asr and mt errors in speech translation ; the main aim of this paper is to investigate automatic quality assessment for spoken language translation ( slt ). more precisely , we investigate slt errors that can be due to transcription ( asr ) or to translation ( mt ) modules . this paper investigates automatic detection of slt errors using a single classifier based on joint asr and mt features . we evaluate both 2 - class ( good / bad ) and 3 - class ( good / badasr / badmt ) labeling tasks . the 3 - class problem neces ←
→ characterizing structure through shape matching and applications to self assembly ; structural quantities such as order parameters and correlation functions are often employed to gain insight into the physical behavior and properties of condensed matter systems . while standard quantities for characterizing structure exist , often they are insufficient for treating problems in the emerging field of nano and microscale self - assembly , where the structures encountered may be complex and unusual . the computer s ←
→ ensemble - compression : a new method for parallel training of deep neural networks ; parallelization framework has become a necessity to speed up the training of deep neural networks ( dnn ) recently . such framework typically employs the model average approach , denoted as ma - dnn , in which parallel workers conduct respective training based on their own local data while the parameters of local models are periodically communicated and averaged to obtain a global model which serves as the new start of local model ←
→ highly efficient forward and backward propagation of convolutional neural networks for pixelwise classification ; we present highly efficient algorithms for performing forward and backward propagation of convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for pixelwise classification on images . for pixelwise classification tasks , such as image segmentation and object detection , surrounding image patches are fed into cnn for predicting the classes of centered pixels via forward propagation and for updating cnn parameters v ←
→ on formal specification of maple programs ; this paper is an example - based demonstration of our initial results on the formal specification of programs written in the computer algebra language minimaple ( a substantial subset of maple with slight extensions ). the main goal of this work is to define a verification framework for minimaple . formal specification of minimaple programs is rather complex task as it supports non - standard types of objects , e . g . symbols and unevaluated expressions , and additional func ←
→ a perspective on deep imaging ; the combination of tomographic imaging and deep learning , or machine learning in general , promises to empower not only image analysis but also image reconstruction . the latter aspect is considered in this perspective article with an emphasis on medical imaging to develop a new generation of image reconstruction theories and techniques . this direction might lead to intelligent utilization of domain knowledge from big data , innovative approaches for image reconstruction , and su ←
→ feature evaluation of deep convolutional neural networks for object recognition and detection ; in this paper , we evaluate convolutional neural network ( cnn ) features using the alexnet architecture and very deep convolutional network ( vggnet ) architecture . to date , most cnn researchers have employed the last layers before output , which were extracted from the fully connected feature layers . however , since it is unlikely that feature representation effectiveness is dependent on the problem , this study eval ←
→ hyperbolic representation learning for fast and efficient neural question answering ; the dominant neural architectures in question answer retrieval are based on recurrent or convolutional encoders configured with complex word matching layers . given that recent architectural innovations are mostly new word interaction layers or attention - based matching mechanisms , it seems to be a well - established fact that these components are mandatory for good performance . unfortunately , the memory and computation cost ←
→ deep learning for nonlinear diffractive imaging ; image reconstruction under multiple light scattering is crucial for a number of important applications in cell microscopy and tissue imaging . the reconstruction problem is often formulated as a nonconvex optimization , where a nonlinear measurement model is used to account for multiple scattering and a regularizer is used to enforce the prior on the object . in this letter , we propose a powerful alternative to this optimization - based view of image reconstructi ←
→ architecture based classification of leaf images ; plant classification and identification has so far been an important and difficult task . in this paper , an efficient and systematic approach for extracting the leaf architecture characters from captured digital images is proposed . the input image is first pre - processed in five steps to be prepared for feature extraction . in the second stage , methods for extracting different architectural features are studied using various mathematical and computational meth ←
→ tracking single - cells in overcrowded bacterial colonies ; cell tracking enables data extraction from time - lapse " cell movies " and promotes modeling biological processes at the single - cell level . we introduce a new fully automated computational strategy to track accurately cells across frames in time - lapse movies . our method is based on a dynamic neighborhoods formation and matching approach , inspired by motion estimation algorithms for video compression . moreover , it exploits " divide and conquer " opportunit ←
→ target tracking in the recommender space : toward a new recommender system based on kalman filtering ; in this paper , we propose a new approach for recommender systems based on target tracking by kalman filtering . we assume that users and their seen resources are vectors in the multidimensional space of the categories of the resources . knowing this space , we propose an algorithm based on a kalman filter to track users and to predict the best prediction of their future position in the recommendation space .←
→ generalized canonical correlation analysis for disparate data fusion ; manifold matching works to identify embeddings of multiple disparate data spaces into the same low - dimensional space , where joint inference can be pursued . it is an enabling methodology for fusion and inference from multiple and massive disparate data sources . in this paper we focus on a method called canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) and its generalization generalized canonical correlation analysis ( gcca ), which belong to the more ge ←
→ menzerath - altmann law for syntactic structures in ukrainian ; in the paper , the definition of clause suitable for an automated processing of a ukrainian text is proposed . the menzerath - altmann law is verified on the sentence level and the parameters for the dependences of the clause length counted in words and syllables on the sentence length counted in clauses are calculated for " perekhresni stezhky " (" the cross - paths "), a novel by ivan franko .←
→ two - stage hybrid day - ahead solar forecasting ; power supply from renewable resources is on a global rise where it is forecasted that renewable generation will surpass other types of generation in a foreseeable future . increased generation from renewable resources , mainly solar and wind , exposes the power grid to more vulnerabilities , conceivably due to their variable generation , thus highlighting the importance of accurate forecasting methods . this paper proposes a two - stage day - ahead solar forecasting meth ←
→ admm - net : a deep learning approach for compressive sensing mri ; compressive sensing ( cs ) is an effective approach for fast magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ). it aims at reconstructing mr images from a small number of under - sampled data in k - space , and accelerating the data acquisition in mri . to improve the current mri system in reconstruction accuracy and speed , in this paper , we propose two novel deep architectures , dubbed admm - nets in basic and generalized versions . admm - nets are defined over data flow g ←
→ convex analysis and optimization with submodular functions : a tutorial ; set - functions appear in many areas of computer science and applied mathematics , such as machine learning , computer vision , operations research or electrical networks . among these set - functions , submodular functions play an important role , similar to convex functions on vector spaces . in this tutorial , the theory of submodular functions is presented , in a self - contained way , with all results shown from first principles . a good knowledge ←
→ wavelet based image coding schemes : a recent survey ; a variety of new and powerful algorithms have been developed for image compression over the years . among them the wavelet - based image compression schemes have gained much popularity due to their overlapping nature which reduces the blocking artifacts that are common phenomena in jpeg compression and multiresolution character which leads to superior energy compaction with high quality reconstructed images . this paper provides a detailed survey on some of ←
→ on bayesian network approximation by edge deletion ; we consider the problem of deleting edges from a bayesian network for the purpose of simplifying models in probabilistic inference . in particular , we propose a new method for deleting network edges , which is based on the evidence at hand . we provide some interesting bounds on the kl - divergence between original and approximate networks , which highlight the impact of given evidence on the quality of approximation and shed some light on good and bad candidat ←
→ learning autoencoded radon projections ; autoencoders have been recently used for encoding medical images . in this study , we design and validate a new framework for retrieving medical images by classifying radon projections , compressed in the deepest layer of an autoencoder . as the autoencoder reduces the dimensionality , a multilayer perceptron ( mlp ) can be employed to classify the images . the integration of mlp promotes a rather shallow learning architecture which makes the training faster . we conducted a ←
→ texture modelling with nested high - order markov - gibbs random fields ; currently , markov - gibbs random field ( mgrf ) image models which include high - order interactions are almost always built by modelling responses of a stack of local linear filters . actual interaction structure is specified implicitly by the filter coefficients . in contrast , we learn an explicit high - order mgrf structure by considering the learning process in terms of general exponential family distributions nested over base models , so that p ←
→ joint sound source separation and speaker recognition ; non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) has already been applied to learn speaker characterizations from single or non - simultaneous speech for speaker recognition applications . it is also known for its good performance in ( blind ) source separation for simultaneous speech . this paper explains how nmf can be used to jointly solve the two problems in a multichannel speaker recognizer for simultaneous speech . it is shown how state - of - the - art multichannel n ←
→ sparse topical coding ; we present sparse topical coding ( stc ), a non - probabilistic formulation of topic models for discovering latent representations of large collections of data . unlike probabilistic topic models , stc relaxes the normalization constraint of admixture proportions and the constraint of defining a normalized likelihood function . such relaxations make stc amenable to : 1 ) directly control the sparsity of inferred representations by using sparsity - inducing regularizers ; 2 ) be seamlessly integra ←
→ a remark on higher order rue - resolution with extrue ; we show that a prominent counterexample for the completeness of first order rue - resolution does not apply to the higher order rue - resolution approach extrue .←
→ tree - structured boosting : connections between gradient boosted stumps and full decision trees ; additive models , such as produced by gradient boosting , and full interaction models , such as classification and regression trees ( cart ), are widely used algorithms that have been investigated largely in isolation . we show that these models exist along a spectrum , revealing never - before - known connections between these two approaches . this paper introduces a novel technique called tree - structured boosting for cre ←
→ a consistency - based model for belief change : preliminary report ; we present a general , consistency - based framework for belief change . informally , in revising k by a , we begin with a and incorporate as much of k as consistently possible . formally , a knowledge base k and sentence a are expressed , via renaming propositions in k , in separate languages . using a maximization process , we assume the languages are the same insofar as consistently possible . lastly , we express the resultant knowledge base in a single ←
→ learning recursive segments for discourse parsing ; automatically detecting discourse segments is an important preliminary step towards full discourse parsing . previous research on discourse segmentation have relied on the assumption that elementary discourse units ( edus ) in a document always form a linear sequence ( i . e ., they can never be nested ). unfortunately , this assumption turns out to be too strong , for some theories of discourse like sdrt allows for nested discourse units . in this paper , we present ←
→ estimation of respiratory pattern from video using selective ensemble aggregation ; non - contact estimation of respiratory pattern ( rp ) and respiration rate ( rr ) has multiple applications . existing methods for rp and rr measurement fall into one of the three categories - ( i ) estimation through nasal air flow measurement , ( ii ) estimation from video - based remote photoplethysmography , and ( iii ) estimation by measurement of motion induced by respiration using motion detectors . these methods , however , require s ←
→ knowledge graph completion via complex tensor factorization ; in statistical relational learning , knowledge graph completion deals with automatically understanding the structure of large knowledge graphs --- labeled directed graphs --- and predicting missing relationships --- labeled edges . state - of - the - art embedding models propose different trade - offs between modeling expressiveness , and time and space complexity . we reconcile both expressiveness and complexity through the use of complex - valued embeddings and ex ←
→ online learning rate adaptation with hypergradient descent ; we introduce a general method for improving the convergence rate of gradient - based optimizers that is easy to implement and works well in practice . we demonstrate the effectiveness of the method in a range of optimization problems by applying it to stochastic gradient descent , stochastic gradient descent with nesterov momentum , and adam , showing that it significantly reduces the need for the manual tuning of the initial learning rate for these com ←
→ statistical mechanics of node - perturbation learning with noisy baseline ; node - perturbation learning is a type of statistical gradient descent algorithm that can be applied to problems where the objective function is not explicitly formulated , including reinforcement learning . it estimates the gradient of an objective function by using the change in the object function in response to the perturbation . the value of the objective function for an unperturbed output is called a baseline . cho et al . proposed nod ←
→ probabilistic dependency networks for prediction and diagnostics ; research in transportation frequently involve modelling and predicting attributes of events that occur at regular intervals . the event could be arrival of a bus at a bus stop , the volume of a traffic at a particular point , the demand at a particular bus stop etc . in this work , we propose a specific implementation of probabilistic graphical models to learn the probabilistic dependency between the events that occur in a network . a dependency g ←
→ part - to - whole registration of histology and mri using shape elements ; image registration between histology and magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) is a challenging task due to differences in structural content and contrast . too thick and wide specimens cannot be processed all at once and must be cut into smaller pieces . this dramatically increases the complexity of the problem , since each piece should be individually and manually pre - aligned . to the best of our knowledge , no automatic method can reliably loca ←
→ exploring the decision forest : an empirical investigation of occam ' s razor in decision tree induction ; we report on a series of experiments in which all decision trees consistent with the training data are constructed . these experiments were run to gain an understanding of the properties of the set of consistent decision trees and the factors that affect the accuracy of individual trees . in particular , we investigated the relationship between the size of a decision tree consistent with some training data ←
→ learning heuristic search via imitation ; robotic motion planning problems are typically solved by constructing a search tree of valid maneuvers from a start to a goal configuration . limited onboard computation and real - time planning constraints impose a limit on how large this search tree can grow . heuristics play a crucial role in such situations by guiding the search towards potentially good directions and consequently minimizing search effort . moreover , it must infer such directions in an efficient mann ←
→ see : syntax - aware entity embedding for neural relation extraction ; distant supervised relation extraction is an efficient approach to scale relation extraction to very large corpora , and has been widely used to find novel relational facts from plain text . recent studies on neural relation extraction have shown great progress on this task via modeling the sentences in low - dimensional spaces , but seldom considered syntax information to model the entities . in this paper , we propose to learn syntax - aware entit ←
→ video highlight prediction using audience chat reactions ; sports channel video portals offer an exciting domain for research on multimodal , multilingual analysis . we present methods addressing the problem of automatic video highlight prediction based on joint visual features and textual analysis of the real - world audience discourse with complex slang , in both english and traditional chinese . we present a novel dataset based on league of legends championships recorded from north american and taiwanese twitc ←
→ chest x - ray analysis of tuberculosis by deep learning with segmentation and augmentation ; the results of chest x - ray ( cxr ) analysis of 2d images to get the statistically reliable predictions ( availability of tuberculosis ) by computer - aided diagnosis ( cadx ) on the basis of deep learning are presented . they demonstrate the efficiency of lung segmentation , lossless and lossy data augmentation for cadx of tuberculosis by deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) applied to the small and not well - balanced datas ←
→ supervised deep sparse coding networks ; in this paper , we describe the deep sparse coding network ( scn ), a novel deep network that encodes intermediate representations with nonnegative sparse coding . the scn is built upon a number of cascading bottleneck modules , where each module consists of two sparse coding layers with relatively wide and slim dictionaries that are specialized to produce high dimensional discriminative features and low dimensional representations for clustering , respectively . during tra ←
→ learning hierarchical and topographic dictionaries with structured sparsity ; recent work in signal processing and statistics have focused on defining new regularization functions , which not only induce sparsity of the solution , but also take into account the structure of the problem . we present in this paper a class of convex penalties introduced in the machine learning community , which take the form of a sum of l_2 and l_infinity - norms over groups of variables . they extend the classical group - sparsity r ←
→ beyond gröbner bases : basis selection for minimal solvers ; many computer vision applications require robust estimation of the underlying geometry , in terms of camera motion and 3d structure of the scene . these robust methods often rely on running minimal solvers in a ransac framework . in this paper we show how we can make polynomial solvers based on the action matrix method faster , by careful selection of the monomial bases . these monomial bases have traditionally been based on a gr \" obner basis for the po ←
→ the matrix generalized inverse gaussian distribution : properties and applications ; while the matrix generalized inverse gaussian ($\ mathcal { mgig }$) distribution arises naturally in some settings as a distribution over symmetric positive semi - definite matrices , certain key properties of the distribution and effective ways of sampling from the distribution have not been carefully studied . in this paper , we show that the $\ mathcal { mgig }$ is unimodal , and the mode can be obtained by solving an algebraic ricc ←
→ empirical evaluation of approximation algorithms for probabilistic decoding ; it was recently shown that the problem of decoding messages transmitted through a noisy channel can be formulated as a belief updating task over a probabilistic network [ mceliece ]. moreover , it was observed that iterative application of the ( linear time ) pearl ' s belief propagation algorithm designed for polytrees outperformed state of the art decoding algorithms , even though the corresponding networks may have many cycles . this ←
→ transductive learning with multi - class volume approximation ; given a hypothesis space , the large volume principle by vladimir vapnik prioritizes equivalence classes according to their volume in the hypothesis space . the volume approximation has hitherto been successfully applied to binary learning problems . in this paper , we extend it naturally to a more general definition which can be applied to several transductive problem settings , such as multi - class , multi - label and serendipitous learning . even though ←
→ adversarial structured prediction for multivariate measures ; many predicted structured objects ( e . g ., sequences , matchings , trees ) are evaluated using the f - score , alignment error rate ( aer ), or other multivariate performance measures . since inductively optimizing these measures using training data is typically computationally difficult , empirical risk minimization of surrogate losses is employed , using , e . g ., the hinge loss for ( structured ) support vector machines . these approximations often introduce a m ←
→ connecting generative adversarial networks and actor - critic methods ; both generative adversarial networks ( gan ) in unsupervised learning and actor - critic methods in reinforcement learning ( rl ) have gained a reputation for being difficult to optimize . practitioners in both fields have amassed a large number of strategies to mitigate these instabilities and improve training . here we show that gans can be viewed as actor - critic methods in an environment where the actor cannot affect the reward . we review the ←
→ machine learning markets ; prediction markets show considerable promise for developing flexible mechanisms for machine learning . here , machine learning markets for multivariate systems are defined , and a utility - based framework is established for their analysis . this differs from the usual approach of defining static betting functions . it is shown that such markets can implement model combination methods used in machine learning , such as product of expert and mixture of expert approaches as equilibrium pric ←
→ local binary pattern networks ; memory and computation efficient deep learning architec - tures are crucial to continued proliferation of machine learning capabili - ties to new platforms and systems . binarization of operations in convo - lutional neural networks has shown promising results in reducing model size and computing efficiency . in this paper , we tackle the problem us - ing a strategy different from the existing literature by proposing local binary pattern networks or lbpnet , that is able to learn and ←
→ some options for l1 - subspace signal processing ; we describe ways to define and calculate $ l_1 $- norm signal subspaces which are less sensitive to outlying data than $ l_2 $- calculated subspaces . we focus on the computation of the $ l_1 $ maximum - projection principal component of a data matrix containing n signal samples of dimension d and conclude that the general problem is formally np - hard in asymptotically large n , d . we prove , however , that the case of engineering interest of fixed dimension d and asymptoti ←
→ recurrent relational networks for complex relational reasoning ; humans possess an ability to abstractly reason about objects and their interactions , an ability not shared with state - of - the - art deep learning models . relational networks , introduced by santoro et al . ( 2017 ), add the capacity for relational reasoning to deep neural networks , but are limited in the complexity of the reasoning tasks they can address . we introduce recurrent relational networks which increase the suite of solvable tasks to those t ←
→ stabilizing knowledge through standards - a perspective for the humanities ; it is usual to consider that standards generate mixed feelings among scientists . they are often seen as not really reflecting the state of the art in a given domain and a hindrance to scientific creativity . still , scientists should theoretically be at the best place to bring their expertise into standard developments , being even more neutral on issues that may typically be related to competing industrial interests . even if it cou ←
→ dense optical flow based change detection network robust to difference of camera viewpoints ; this paper presents a novel method for detecting scene changes from a pair of images with a difference of camera viewpoints using a dense optical flow based change detection network . in the case that camera poses of input images are fixed or known , such as with surveillance and satellite cameras , the pixel correspondence between the images captured at different times can be known . hence , it is possible to compara ←
→ optimal margin distribution machine ; support vector machine ( svm ) has been one of the most popular learning algorithms , with the central idea of maximizing the minimum margin , i . e ., the smallest distance from the instances to the classification boundary . recent theoretical results , however , disclosed that maximizing the minimum margin does not necessarily lead to better generalization performances , and instead , the margin distribution has been proven to be more crucial . based on this idea , we propose a new ←
→ second - order convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been successfully applied to many computer vision tasks , such as image classification . by performing linear combinations and element - wise nonlinear operations , these networks can be thought of as extracting solely first - order information from an input image . in the past , however , second - order statistics computed from handcrafted features , e . g ., covariances , have proven highly effective in diverse recognition tasks . in thi ←
→ syntactic - head - driven generation ; the previously proposed semantic - head - driven generation methods run into problems if none of the daughter constituents in the syntacto - semantic rule schemata of a grammar fits the definition of a semantic head given in shieber et al . 1990 . this is the case for the semantic analysis rules of certain constraint - based semantic representations , e . g . underspecified discourse representation structures ( udrss ) ( frank / reyle 1992 ). since head - driven generation in general has its me ←
→ symbolic music data version 1 . 0 ; in this document , we introduce a new dataset designed for training machine learning models of symbolic music data . five datasets are provided , one of which is from a newly collected corpus of 20k midi files . we describe our preprocessing and cleaning pipeline , which includes the exclusion of a number of files based on scores from a previously developed probabilistic machine learning model . we also define training , testing and validation splits for the new dataset , based on ←
→ detection of epileptic seizure in eeg signals using linear least squares preprocessing ; an epileptic seizure is a transient event of abnormal excessive neuronal discharge in the brain . this unwanted event can be obstructed by detection of electrical changes in the brain that happen before the seizure takes place . the automatic detection of seizures is necessary since the visual screening of eeg recordings is a time consuming task and requires experts to improve the diagnosis . four linear least squares - ba ←
→ the gaussian surface area and noise sensitivity of degree -$ d $ polynomials ; we provide asymptotically sharp bounds for the gaussian surface area and the gaussian noise sensitivity of polynomial threshold functions . in particular we show that if $ f $ is a degree -$ d $ polynomial threshold function , then its gaussian sensitivity at noise rate $\ epsilon $ is less than some quantity asymptotic to $\ frac { d \ sqrt { 2 \ epsilon }}{\ pi }$ and the gaussian surface area is at most $\ frac { d }{\ sqrt { 2 \ pi }}$. furthermore these bo ←
→ rules , belief functions and default logic ; this paper describes a natural framework for rules , based on belief functions , which includes a repre - sentation of numerical rules , default rules and rules allowing and rules not allowing contraposition . in particular it justifies the use of the dempster - shafer theory for representing a particular class of rules , belief calculated being a lower probability given certain independence assumptions on an underlying space . it shows how a belief function framework can ←
→ lifted region - based belief propagation ; due to the intractable nature of exact lifted inference , research has recently focused on the discovery of accurate and efficient approximate inference algorithms in statistical relational models ( srms ), such as lifted first - order belief propagation . fobp simulates propositional factor graph belief propagation without constructing the ground factor graph by identifying and lifting over redundant message computations . in this work , we propose a generalization of fobp ←
→ aspect level sentiment classification with deep memory network ; we introduce a deep memory network for aspect level sentiment classification . unlike feature - based svm and sequential neural models such as lstm , this approach explicitly captures the importance of each context word when inferring the sentiment polarity of an aspect . such importance degree and text representation are calculated with multiple computational layers , each of which is a neural attention model over an external memory . experiments on ←
→ mining representative unsubstituted graph patterns using prior similarity matrix ; one of the most powerful techniques to study protein structures is to look for recurrent fragments ( also called substructures or spatial motifs ), then use them as patterns to characterize the proteins under study . an emergent trend consists in parsing proteins three - dimensional ( 3d ) structures into graphs of amino acids . hence , the search of recurrent spatial motifs is formulated as a process of frequent subgraph discovery ←
→ incremental learning of high - level concepts by imitation ; nowadays , robots become a companion in everyday life . to be well - accepted by humans , robots should efficiently understand meanings of their partners ' motions and body language , and respond accordingly . learning concepts by imitation brings them this ability in a user - friendly way . this paper presents a fast and robust model for incremental learning of concepts by imitation ( iloci ). in iloci , observed multimodal spatio - temporal demonstrations are i ←
→ gaussian process regression with a student - t likelihood ; this paper considers the robust and efficient implementation of gaussian process regression with a student - t observation model . the challenge with the student - t model is the analytically intractable inference which is why several approximative methods have been proposed . the expectation propagation ( ep ) has been found to be a very accurate method in many empirical studies but the convergence of the ep is known to be problematic with models containing ←
→ alzheimer ' s disease diagnostics by a deeply supervised adaptable 3d convolutional network ; early diagnosis , playing an important role in preventing progress and treating the alzheimer ' s disease ( ad ), is based on classification of features extracted from brain images . the features have to accurately capture main ad - related variations of anatomical brain structures , such as , e . g ., ventricles size , hippocampus shape , cortical thickness , and brain volume . this paper proposes to predict the ad with a deep 3d ←
→ an online universal classifier for binary , multi - class and multi - label classification ; classification involves the learning of the mapping function that associates input samples to corresponding target label . there are two major categories of classification problems : single - label classification and multi - label classification . traditional binary and multi - class classifications are sub - categories of single - label classification . several classifiers are developed for binary , multi - class and multi - label class ←
→ deep learning for skin lesion classification ; melanoma , a malignant form of skin cancer is very threatening to life . diagnosis of melanoma at an earlier stage is highly needed as it has a very high cure rate . benign and malignant forms of skin cancer can be detected by analyzing the lesions present on the surface of the skin using dermoscopic images . in this work , an automated skin lesion detection system has been developed which learns the representation of the image using google ' s pretrained cnn model kn ←
→ visualizing the flow of discourse with a concept ontology ; understanding and visualizing human discourse has long being a challenging task . although recent work on argument mining have shown success in classifying the role of various sentences , the task of recognizing concepts and understanding the ways in which they are discussed remains challenging . given an email thread or a transcript of a group discussion , our task is to extract the relevant concepts and understand how they are referenced and re - refer ←
→ a model of the mechanisms underlying exploratory behaviour ; a model of the mechanisms underlying exploratory behaviour , based on empirical research and refined using a computer simulation , is presented . the behaviour of killifish from two lakes , one with killifish predators and one without , was compared in the laboratory . plotting average activity in a novel environment versus time resulted in an inverted - u - shaped curve for both groups ; however , the curve for killifish from the lake without predators was (←
→ overcoming the curse of sentence length for neural machine translation using automatic segmentation ; the authors of ( cho et al ., 2014a ) have shown that the recently introduced neural network translation systems suffer from a significant drop in translation quality when translating long sentences , unlike existing phrase - based translation systems . in this paper , we propose a way to address this issue by automatically segmenting an input sentence into phrases that can be easily translated by the neural netw ←
→ toward multi - diversified ensemble clustering of high - dimensional data ; the emergence of high - dimensional data in various areas has brought new challenges to the ensemble clustering research . to deal with the curse of dimensionality , considerable efforts in ensemble clustering have been made by incorporating various subspace - based techniques . besides the emphasis on subspaces , rather limited attention has been paid to the potential diversity in similarity / dissimilarity metrics . it remains a surprisingly ope ←
→ influence function and robust variant of kernel canonical correlation analysis ; many unsupervised kernel methods rely on the estimation of the kernel covariance operator ( kernel co ) or kernel cross - covariance operator ( kernel cco ). both kernel co and kernel cco are sensitive to contaminated data , even when bounded positive definite kernels are used . to the best of our knowledge , there are few well - founded robust kernel methods for statistical unsupervised learning . in addition , while the influence functi ←
→ cost - sensitive feature selection of data with errors ; in data mining applications , feature selection is an essential process since it reduces a model ' s complexity . the cost of obtaining the feature values must be taken into consideration in many domains . in this paper , we study the cost - sensitive feature selection problem on numerical data with measurement errors , test costs and misclassification costs . the major contributions of this paper are four - fold . first , a new data model is built to address test co ←
→ black box modelling of hvac system : improving the performances of neural networks ; this paper deals with neural networks modelling of hvac systems . in order to increase the neural networks performances , a method based on sensitivity analysis is applied . the same technique is also used to compute the relevance of each input . to avoid the prediction errors in dry coil conditions , a metamodel for each capacity is derived from the neural networks . the regression coefficients of the polynomial forms are iden ←
→ optimal number of choices in rating contexts ; in many settings people must give numerical scores to entities from a small discrete set . for instance , rating physical attractiveness from 1 -- 5 on dating sites , or papers from 1 -- 10 for conference reviewing . we study the problem of understanding when using a different number of options is optimal . for concreteness we assume the true underlying scores are integers from 1 -- 100 . we consider the case when scores are uniform random and gaussian . we study when using ←
→ random projection estimation of discrete - choice models with large choice sets ; we introduce sparse random projection , an important dimension - reduction tool from machine learning , for the estimation of discrete - choice models with high - dimensional choice sets . initially , high - dimensional data are compressed into a lower - dimensional euclidean space using random projections . subsequently , estimation proceeds using cyclic monotonicity moment inequalities implied by the multinomial choice model ; the estimation ←
→ chunk - based bi - scale decoder for neural machine translation ; in typical neural machine translation ~( nmt ), the decoder generates a sentence word by word , packing all linguistic granularities in the same time - scale of rnn . in this paper , we propose a new type of decoder for nmt , which splits the decode state into two parts and updates them in two different time - scales . specifically , we first predict a chunk time - scale state for phrasal modeling , on top of which multiple word time - scale states are generated . ←
→ discriminative metric learning with deep forest ; a discriminative deep forest ( disdf ) as a metric learning algorithm is proposed in the paper . it is based on the deep forest or gcforest proposed by zhou and feng and can be viewed as a gcforest modification . the case of the fully supervised learning is studied when the class labels of individual training examples are known . the main idea underlying the algorithm is to assign weights to decision trees in random forest in order to reduce distances between obj ←
→ réseaux d ' automates de caianiello revisité ; we exhibit a family of neural networks of mcculloch and pitts of size $ 2nk + 2 $ which can be simulated by a neural networks of caianiello of size $ 2n + 2 $ and memory length $ k $. this simulation allows us to find again one of the result of the following article : [ cycles exponentiels des r \'{ e } seaux de caianiello et compteurs en arithm \'{ e } tique redondante , technique et science informatiques vol . 19 , pages 985 - 1008 ] on the existence of neural networks of caianiello of ←
→ modeling dynamics with deep transition - learning networks ; markov processes , both classical and higher order , are often used to model dynamic processes , such as stock prices , molecular dynamics , and monte carlo methods . previous works have shown that an autoencoder can be formulated as a specific type of markov chain . here , we propose a generative neural network known as a transition encoder , or transcoder , which learns such continuous - state dynamic processes . we show that the transcoder is able to learn bo ←
→ deep multi - instance networks with sparse label assignment for whole mammogram classification ; mammogram classification is directly related to computer - aided diagnosis of breast cancer . traditional methods rely on regions of interest ( rois ) which require great efforts to annotate . inspired by the success of using deep convolutional features for natural image analysis and multi - instance learning ( mil ) for labeling a set of instances / patches , we propose end - to - end trained deep multi - instance networks for ma ←
→$ l_p $- norm constrained coding with frank - wolfe network ; we investigate the problem of $ l_p $- norm constrained coding , i . e . converting signal into code that lies inside the $ l_p $- ball and most faithfully reconstructs the signal . while previous works known as sparse coding have addressed the cases of $\ ell_0 $ " norm " and $ l_1 $- norm , more general cases with other $ p $ values , especially with unknown $ p $, remain a difficulty . we propose the frank - wolfe network ( f - w net ), whose architecture is inspired by unrollin ←
→ estimating individual treatment effect : generalization bounds and algorithms ; there is intense interest in applying machine learning to problems of causal inference in fields such as healthcare , economics and education . in particular , individual - level causal inference has important applications such as precision medicine . we give a new theoretical analysis and family of algorithms for predicting individual treatment effect ( ite ) from observational data , under the assumption known as strong ignorability . ←
→ else : ellipse selection for robust pupil detection in real - world environments ; fast and robust pupil detection is an essential prerequisite for video - based eye - tracking in real - world settings . several algorithms for image - based pupil detection have been proposed , their applicability is mostly limited to laboratory conditions . in realworld scenarios , automated pupil detection has to face various challenges , such as illumination changes , reflections ( on glasses ), make - up , non - centered eye recording , and ph ←
→ the lasso under heteroscedasticity ; the performance of the lasso is well understood under the assumptions of the standard linear model with homoscedastic noise . however , in several applications , the standard model does not describe the important features of the data . this paper examines how the lasso performs on a non - standard model that is motivated by medical imaging applications . in these applications , the variance of the noise scales linearly with the expectation of the observation . like all heterosced ←
→ a language model based approach towards large scale and lightweight language identification systems ; multilingual spoken dialogue systems have gained prominence in the recent past necessitating the requirement for a front - end language identification ( lid ) system . most of the existing lid systems rely on modeling the language discriminative information from low - level acoustic features . due to the variabilities of speech ( speaker and emotional variabilities , etc .), large - scale lid systems developed using l ←
→ what level of quality can neural machine translation attain on literary text ? ; given the rise of a new approach to mt , neural mt ( nmt ), and its promising performance on different text types , we assess the translation quality it can attain on what is perceived to be the greatest challenge for mt : literary text . specifically , we target novels , arguably the most popular type of literary text . we build a literary - adapted nmt system for the english - to - catalan translation direction and evaluate it against a sy ←
→ the generalised random dot product graph ; this paper introduces a latent position network model , called the generalised random dot product graph , comprising as special cases the stochastic blockmodel , mixed membership stochastic blockmodel , and random dot product graph . in this model , nodes are represented as random vectors on $\ mathbb { r }^ d $, and the probability of an edge between nodes $ i $ and $ j $ is given by the bilinear form $ x_i ^ t i_ { p , q } x_j $, where $ i_ { p , q } = \ mathrm { diag }( 1 ,\ ldots , 1 , - 1 , \ ldots , - 1 ←
→ vanishing point attracts gaze in free - viewing and visual search tasks ; to investigate whether the vanishing point ( vp ) plays a significant role in gaze guidance , we ran two experiments . in the first one , we recorded fixations of 10 observers ( 4 female ; mean age 22 ; sd = 0 . 84 ) freely viewing 532 images , out of which 319 had vp ( shuffled presentation ; each image for 4 secs ). we found that the average number of fixations at a local region ( 80x80 pixels ) centered at the vp is significantly higher than the averag ←
→ sparsity and robustness in face recognition ; this report concerns the use of techniques for sparse signal representation and sparse error correction for automatic face recognition . much of the recent interest in these techniques comes from the paper " robust face recognition via sparse representation " by wright et al . ( 2009 ), which showed how , under certain technical conditions , one could cast the face recognition problem as one of seeking a sparse representation of a given input face image in terms of a " d ←
→ forecasting of events by tweet data mining ; this paper describes the analysis of quantitative characteristics of frequent sets and association rules in the posts of twitter microblogs related to different event discussions . for the analysis , we used a theory of frequent sets , association rules and a theory of formal concept analysis . we revealed the frequent sets and association rules which characterize the semantic relations between the concepts of analyzed subjects . the support of some frequent sets reac ←
→ tramp ship scheduling problem with berth allocation considerations and time - dependent constraints ; this work presents a model for the tramp ship scheduling problem including berth allocation considerations , motivated by a real case of a shipping company . the aim is to determine the travel schedule for each vessel considering multiple docking and multiple time windows at the berths . this work is innovative due to the consideration of both spatial and temporal attributes during the scheduling process . the ←
→ duluth at semeval - 2017 task 6 : language models in humor detection ; this paper describes the duluth system that participated in semeval - 2017 task 6 # hashtagwars : learning a sense of humor . the system participated in subtasks a and b using n - gram language models , ranking highly in the task evaluation . this paper discusses the results of our system in the development and evaluation stages and from two post - evaluation runs .←
→ sentence compression in spanish driven by discourse segmentation and language models ; previous works demonstrated that automatic text summarization ( ats ) by sentences extraction may be improved using sentence compression . in this work we present a sentence compressions approach guided by level - sentence discourse segmentation and probabilistic language models ( lm ). the results presented here show that the proposed solution is able to generate coherent summaries with grammatical compressed sentences . the a ←
→ spatio - temporal action detection with cascade proposal and location anticipation ; in this work , we address the problem of spatio - temporal action detection in temporally untrimmed videos . it is an important and challenging task as finding accurate human actions in both temporal and spatial space is important for analyzing large - scale video data . to tackle this problem , we propose a cascade proposal and location anticipation ( cpla ) model for frame - level action detection . there are several salient points of ←
→ quantifying origin and character of long - range correlations in narrative texts ; in natural language using short sentences is considered efficient for communication . however , a text composed exclusively of such sentences looks technical and reads boring . a text composed of long ones , on the other hand , demands significantly more effort for comprehension . studying characteristics of the sentence length variability ( slv ) in a large corpus of world - famous literary texts shows that an appealing and aesthetic ←
→ full - time supervision based bidirectional rnn for factoid question answering ; recently , bidirectional recurrent neural network ( brnn ) has been widely used for question answering ( qa ) tasks with promising performance . however , most existing brnn models extract the information of questions and answers by directly using a pooling operation to generate the representation for loss or similarity calculation . hence , these existing models don ' t put supervision ( loss or similarity calculation ) at every time step ,←
→ novel anisotropic continuum - discrete damage model capable of representing localized failure of massive structures . part ii : identification from tests under heterogeneous stress field ; in part i of this paper we have presented a simple model capable of describing the localized failure of a massive structure . in this part , we discuss the identification of the model parameters from two kinds of experiments : a uniaxial tensile test and a three - point bending test . the former is used only for illustration of ←
→ a new optimal stepsize for approximate dynamic programming ; approximate dynamic programming ( adp ) has proven itself in a wide range of applications spanning large - scale transportation problems , health care , revenue management , and energy systems . the design of effective adp algorithms has many dimensions , but one crucial factor is the stepsize rule used to update a value function approximation . many operations research applications are computationally intensive , and it is important to obtain good results q ←
→ multi - task learning of deep neural networks for audio visual automatic speech recognition ; multi - task learning ( mtl ) involves the simultaneous training of two or more related tasks over shared representations . in this work , we apply mtl to audio - visual automatic speech recognition ( av - asr ). our primary task is to learn a mapping between audio - visual fused features and frame labels obtained from acoustic gmm / hmm model . this is combined with an auxiliary task which maps visual features to frame labels obtai ←
→ learning discriminative multilevel structured dictionaries for supervised image classification ; sparse representations using overcomplete dictionaries have proved to be a powerful tool in many signal processing applications such as denoising , super - resolution , inpainting , compression or classification . the sparsity of the representation very much depends on how well the dictionary is adapted to the data at hand . in this paper , we propose a method for learning structured multilevel dictionaries with discr ←
→ an analysis of arithmetic constraints on integer intervals ; arithmetic constraints on integer intervals are supported in many constraint programming systems . we study here a number of approaches to implement constraint propagation for these constraints . to describe them we introduce integer interval arithmetic . each approach is explained using appropriate proof rules that reduce the variable domains . we compare these approaches using a set of benchmarks . for the most promising approach we provide results t ←
→ uav route planning for maximum target coverage ; utilization of unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ) in military and civil operations is getting popular . one of the challenges in effectively tasking these expensive vehicles is planning the flight routes to monitor the targets . in this work , we aim to develop an algorithm which produces routing plans for a limited number of uavs to cover maximum number of targets considering their flight range . the proposed solution for this practical optimization problem is desi ←
→ cheaper and better : selecting good workers for crowdsourcing ; crowdsourcing provides a popular paradigm for data collection at scale . we study the problem of selecting subsets of workers from a given worker pool to maximize the accuracy under a budget constraint . one natural question is whether we should hire as many workers as the budget allows , or restrict on a small number of top - quality workers . by theoretically analyzing the error rate of a typical setting in crowdsourcing , we frame the worker selecti ←
→ regularization methods for learning incomplete matrices ; we use convex relaxation techniques to provide a sequence of solutions to the matrix completion problem . using the nuclear norm as a regularizer , we provide simple and very efficient algorithms for minimizing the reconstruction error subject to a bound on the nuclear norm . our algorithm iteratively replaces the missing elements with those obtained from a thresholded svd . with warm starts this allows us to efficiently compute an entire regularization ←
→ machine learning , clustering , and polymorphy ; this paper describes a machine induction program ( witt ) that attempts to model human categorization . properties of categories to which human subjects are sensitive includes best or prototypical members , relative contrasts between putative categories , and polymorphy ( neither necessary or sufficient features ). this approach represents an alternative to usual artificial intelligence approaches to generalization and conceptual clustering which tend to focus on nece ←
→ soft weight - sharing for neural network compression ; the success of deep learning in numerous application domains created the de - sire to run and train them on mobile devices . this however , conflicts with their computationally , memory and energy intense nature , leading to a growing interest in compression . recent work by han et al . ( 2015a ) propose a pipeline that involves retraining , pruning and quantization of neural network weights , obtaining state - of - the - art compression rates . in this paper , we show that ←
→ learning heat diffusion graphs ; effective information analysis generally boils down to properly identifying the structure or geometry of the data , which is often represented by a graph . in some applications , this structure may be partly determined by design constraints or pre - determined sensing arrangements , like in road transportation networks for example . in general though , the data structure is not readily available and becomes pretty difficult to define . in particular , the global smoothness assumptions ←
→ unsupervised spike sorting based on discriminative subspace learning ; spike sorting is a fundamental preprocessing step for many neuroscience studies which rely on the analysis of spike trains . in this paper , we present two unsupervised spike sorting algorithms based on discriminative subspace learning . the first algorithm simultaneously learns the discriminative feature subspace and performs clustering . it uses histogram of features in the most discriminative projection to detect the number of neurons . th ←
→ a comparative study on face recognition techniques and neural network ; in modern times , face recognition has become one of the key aspects of computer vision . there are at least two reasons for this trend ; the first is the commercial and law enforcement applications , and the second is the availability of feasible technologies after years of research . due to the very nature of the problem , computer scientists , neuro - scientists and psychologists all share a keen interest in this field . in plain words , it is ←
→ image reconstruction from limited range projections using orthogonal moments ; a set of orthonormal polynomials is proposed for image reconstruction from projection data . the relationship between the projection moments and image moments is discussed in detail , and some interesting properties are demonstrated . simulation results are provided to validate the method and to compare its performance with previous works .←
→ recalling holistic information for semantic segmentation ; semantic segmentation requires a detailed labeling of image pixels by object category . information derived from local image patches is necessary to describe the detailed shape of individual objects . however , this information is ambiguous and can result in noisy labels . global inference of image content can instead capture the general semantic concepts present . we advocate that high - recall holistic inference of image concepts provides valuable inform ←
→ deterministic feature selection for $ k $- means clustering ; we study feature selection for $ k $- means clustering . although the literature contains many methods with good empirical performance , algorithms with provable theoretical behavior have only recently been developed . unfortunately , these algorithms are randomized and fail with , say , a constant probability . we address this issue by presenting a deterministic feature selection algorithm for k - means with theoretical guarantees . at the heart of our algorith ←
→ analysis and interface for instructional video ; we present a new method for segmenting , and a new user interface for indexing and visualizing , the semantic content of extended instructional videos . using various visual filters , key frames are first assigned a media type ( board , class , computer , illustration , podium , and sheet ). key frames of media type board and sheet are then clustered based on contents via an algorithm with near - linear cost . a novel user interface , the result of two user studies , display ←
→ on semiparametric exponential family graphical models ; we propose a new class of semiparametric exponential family graphical models for the analysis of high dimensional mixed data . different from the existing mixed graphical models , we allow the nodewise conditional distributions to be semiparametric generalized linear models with unspecified base measure functions . thus , one advantage of our method is that it is unnecessary to specify the type of each node and the method is more convenient to apply in pra ←
→ learning paraphrastic sentence embeddings from back - translated bitext ; we consider the problem of learning general - purpose , paraphrastic sentence embeddings in the setting of wieting et al . ( 2016b ). we use neural machine translation to generate sentential paraphrases via back - translation of bilingual sentence pairs . we evaluate the paraphrase pairs by their ability to serve as training data for learning paraphrastic sentence embeddings . we find that the data quality is stronger than prior work based on bit ←
→ decision trees for helpdesk advisor graphs ; we use decision trees to build a helpdesk agent reference network to facilitate the on - the - job advising of junior or less experienced staff on how to better address telecommunication customer fault reports . such reports generate field measurements and remote measurements which , when coupled with location data and client attributes , and fused with organization - level statistics , can produce models of how support should be provided . beyond decision support , these mo ←
→ on distributive subalgebras of qualitative spatial and temporal calculi ; qualitative calculi play a central role in representing and reasoning about qualitative spatial and temporal knowledge . this paper studies distributive subalgebras of qualitative calculi , which are subalgebras in which ( weak ) composition distributives over nonempty intersections . it has been proven for rcc5 and rcc8 that path consistent constraint network over a distributive subalgebra is always minimal and globally consistent ( in the ←
→ from softmax to sparsemax : a sparse model of attention and multi - label classification ; we propose sparsemax , a new activation function similar to the traditional softmax , but able to output sparse probabilities . after deriving its properties , we show how its jacobian can be efficiently computed , enabling its use in a network trained with backpropagation . then , we propose a new smooth and convex loss function which is the sparsemax analogue of the logistic loss . we reveal an unexpected connection between ←
→ sparse convolved multiple output gaussian processes ; recently there has been an increasing interest in methods that deal with multiple outputs . this has been motivated partly by frameworks like multitask learning , multisensor networks or structured output data . from a gaussian processes perspective , the problem reduces to specifying an appropriate covariance function that , whilst being positive semi - definite , captures the dependencies between all the data points and across all the outputs . one approach to ←
→ low - rank and sparse matrix decomposition with a - priori knowledge for dynamic 3d mri reconstruction ; it has been recently shown that incorporating priori knowledge significantly improves the performance of basic compressive sensing based approaches . we have managed to successfully exploit this idea for recovering a matrix as a summation of a low - rank and a sparse component from compressive measurements . when applied to the problem of construction of 4d cardiac mr image sequences in real - time from highly u ←
→ regression with respect to sensing actions and partial states ; in this paper , we present a state - based regression function for planning domains where an agent does not have complete information and may have sensing actions . we consider binary domains and employ the 0 - approximation [ son & baral 2001 ] to define the regression function . in binary domains , the use of 0 - approximation means using 3 - valued states . although planning using this approach is incomplete with respect to the full semantics , we adopt it ←
→ linear state - space model with time - varying dynamics ; this paper introduces a linear state - space model with time - varying dynamics . the time dependency is obtained by forming the state dynamics matrix as a time - varying linear combination of a set of matrices . the time dependency of the weights in the linear combination is modelled by another linear gaussian dynamical model allowing the model to learn how the dynamics of the process changes . previous approaches have used switching models which have a small se ←
→ a collection of definitions of intelligence ; this paper is a survey of a large number of informal definitions of `` intelligence '' that the authors have collected over the years . naturally , compiling a complete list would be impossible as many definitions of intelligence are buried deep inside articles and books . nevertheless , the 70 - odd definitions presented here are , to the authors ' knowledge , the largest and most well referenced collection there is .←
→ a new 3d segmentation methodology for lumbar vertebral bodies for the measurement of bmd and geometry ; in this paper a new technique is presented that extracts the geometry of lumbar vertebral bodies from spiral ct scans . our new multi - step segmentation approach yields highly accurate and precise measurement of the bone mineral density ( bmd ) in different volumes of interest which are defined relative to a local anatomical coordinate systems . the approach also enables the analysis of the geometry of the r ←
→ towards full automated drive in urban environments : a demonstration in gomentum station , california ; each year , millions of motor vehicle traffic accidents all over the world cause a large number of fatalities , injuries and significant material loss . automated driving ( ad ) has potential to drastically reduce such accidents . in this work , we focus on the technical challenges that arise from ad in urban environments . we present the overall architecture of an ad system and describe in detail the perception ←
→ joint - vivo : selecting and weighting visual words jointly for bag - of - features based tissue classification in medical images ; automatically classifying the tissues types of region of interest ( roi ) in medical imaging has been an important application in computer - aided diagnosis ( cad ), such as classification of breast parenchymal tissue in the mammogram , classify lung disease patterns in high - resolution computed tomography ( hrct ) etc . recently , bag - of - features method has shown its power in this field , treat ←
→ superpixel based class - semantic texton occurrences for natural roadside vegetation segmentation ; vegetation segmentation from roadside data is a field that has received relatively little attention in present studies , but can be of great potentials in a wide range of real - world applications , such as road safety assessment and vegetation condition monitoring . in this paper , we present a novel approach that generates class - semantic color - texture textons and aggregates superpixel based texton occurrences for ←
→ robust noise filtering in image sequences ; image sequences filtering have recently become a very important technical problem especially with the advent of new technology in multimedia and video systems applications . often image sequences are corrupted by some amount of noise introduced by the image sensor and therefore inherently present in the imaging process . the main problem in the image sequences is how to deal with spatio - temporal and non stationary signals . in this paper , we propose a robust method f ←
→ a two - step fusion process for multi - criteria decision applied to natural hazards in mountains ; mountain river torrents and snow avalanches generate human and material damages with dramatic consequences . knowledge about natural phenomenona is often lacking and expertise is required for decision and risk management purposes using multi - disciplinary quantitative or qualitative approaches . expertise is considered as a decision process based on imperfect information coming from more or less reliable and confl ←
→ emulating human conversations using convolutional neural network - based ir ; conversational agents (" bots ") are beginning to be widely used in conversational interfaces . to design a system that is capable of emulating human - like interactions , a conversational layer that can serve as a fabric for chat - like interaction with the agent is needed . in this paper , we introduce a model that employs information retrieval by utilizing convolutional deep structured semantic neural network - based features in the ranker ←
→ set constraint model and automated encoding into sat : application to the social golfer problem ; on the one hand , constraint satisfaction problems allow one to declaratively model problems . on the other hand , propositional satisfiability problem ( sat ) solvers can handle huge sat instances . we thus present a technique to declaratively model set constraint problems and to encode them automatically into sat instances . we apply our technique to the social golfer problem and we also use it to break symmetries ←
→ dataflow matrix machines as a model of computations with linear streams ; we overview dataflow matrix machines as a turing complete generalization of recurrent neural networks and as a programming platform . we describe vector space of finite prefix trees with numerical leaves which allows us to combine expressive power of dataflow matrix machines with simplicity of traditional recurrent neural networks .←
→ charagram : embedding words and sentences via character n - grams ; we present charagram embeddings , a simple approach for learning character - based compositional models to embed textual sequences . a word or sentence is represented using a character n - gram count vector , followed by a single nonlinear transformation to yield a low - dimensional embedding . we use three tasks for evaluation : word similarity , sentence similarity , and part - of - speech tagging . we demonstrate that charagram embeddings outperform more com ←
→ cumulative step - size adaptation on linear functions ; the csa - es is an evolution strategy with cumulative step size adaptation , where the step size is adapted measuring the length of a so - called cumulative path . the cumulative path is a combination of the previous steps realized by the algorithm , where the importance of each step decreases with time . this article studies the csa - es on composites of strictly increasing functions with affine linear functions through the investigation of its underlying markov ←
→ facial expression recognition using sparse gaussian conditional random field ; the analysis of expression and facial action units ( aus ) detection are very important tasks in fields of computer vision and human computer interaction ( hci ) due to the wide range of applications in human life . many works has been done during the past few years which has their own advantages and disadvantages . in this work we present a new model based on gaussian conditional random field . we solve our objective problem using ad ←
→ using modified partitioning around medoids clustering technique in mobile network planning ; every cellular network deployment requires planning and optimization in order to provide adequate coverage , capacity , and quality of service ( qos ). optimization mobile radio network planning is a very complex task , as many aspects must be taken into account . with the rapid development in mobile network we need effective network planning tool to satisfy the need of customers . however , deciding upon the optimum plac ←
→ canonical correlation inference for mapping abstract scenes to text ; we describe a technique for structured prediction , based on canonical correlation analysis . our learning algorithm finds two projections for the input and the output spaces that aim at projecting a given input and its correct output into points close to each other . we demonstrate our technique on a language - vision problem , namely the problem of giving a textual description to an " abstract scene ".←
→ n2n learning : network to network compression via policy gradient reinforcement learning ; while bigger and deeper neural network architectures continue to advance the state - of - the - art for many computer vision tasks , real - world adoption of these networks is impeded by hardware and speed constraints . conventional model compression methods attempt to address this problem by modifying the architecture manually or using pre - defined heuristics . since the space of all reduced architectures is very large , modifyi ←
→ learning generative models of similarity matrices ; we describe a probabilistic ( generative ) view of affinity matrices along with inference algorithms for a subclass of problems associated with data clustering . this probabilistic view is helpful in understanding different models and algorithms that are based on affinity functions of the data . in particular , we show how ( greedy ) inference for a specific probabilistic model is equivalent to the spectral clustering algorithm . it also provides a framework for dev ←
→ deep representations for iris , face , and fingerprint spoofing detection ; biometrics systems have significantly improved person identification and authentication , playing an important role in personal , national , and global security . however , these systems might be deceived ( or " spoofed ") and , despite the recent advances in spoofing detection , current solutions often rely on domain knowledge , specific biometric reading systems , and attack types . we assume a very limited knowledge about biometric spoofing at ←
→ parameters optimization for improving asr performance in adverse real world noisy environmental conditions ; from the existing research it has been observed that many techniques and methodologies are available for performing every step of automatic speech recognition ( asr ) system , but the performance ( minimization of word error recognition - wer and maximization of word accuracy rate - war ) of the methodology is not dependent on the only technique applied in that method . the research work indicates that , per ←
→ smart library : identifying books in a library using richly supervised deep scene text reading ; physical library collections are valuable and long standing resources for knowledge and learning . however , managing books in a large bookshelf and finding books on it often leads to tedious manual work , especially for large book collections where books might be missing or misplaced . recently , deep neural models , such as convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) and recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) have achieved great ←
→ communicating and resolving entity references ; statements about entities occur everywhere , from newspapers and web pages to structured databases . correlating references to entities across systems that use different identifiers or names for them is a widespread problem . in this paper , we show how shared knowledge between systems can be used to solve this problem . we present " reference by description ", a formal model for resolving references . we provide some results on the conditions under which a randomly c ←
→ self - learning for player localization in sports video ; this paper introduces a novel self - learning framework that automates the label acquisition process for improving models for detecting players in broadcast footage of sports games . unlike most previous self - learning approaches for improving appearance - based object detectors from videos , we allow an unknown , unconstrained number of target objects in a more generalized video sequence with non - static camera views . our self - learning approach uses a latent s ←
→ learning to race through coordinate descent bayesian optimisation ; in the automation of many kinds of processes , the observable outcome can often be described as the combined effect of an entire sequence of actions , or controls , applied throughout its execution . in these cases , strategies to optimise control policies for individual stages of the process might not be applicable , and instead the whole policy might have to be optimised at once . on the other hand , the cost to evaluate the policy ' s performance ←
→ automatic instrument recognition in polyphonic music using convolutional neural networks ; traditional methods to tackle many music information retrieval tasks typically follow a two - step architecture : feature engineering followed by a simple learning algorithm . in these " shallow " architectures , feature engineering and learning are typically disjoint and unrelated . additionally , feature engineering is difficult , and typically depends on extensive domain expertise . in this paper , we present an applicatio ←
→ learning concept hierarchies from text corpora using formal concept analysis ; we present a novel approach to the automatic acquisition of taxonomies or concept hierarchies from a text corpus . the approach is based on formal concept analysis ( fca ), a method mainly used for the analysis of data , i . e . for investigating and processing explicitly given information . we follow harris distributional hypothesis and model the context of a certain term as a vector representing syntactic dependencies which are autom ←
→ thap : a matlab toolkit for learning with hawkes processes ; as a powerful tool of asynchronous event sequence analysis , point processes have been studied for a long time and achieved numerous successes in different fields . among various point process models , hawkes process and its variants attract many researchers in statistics and computer science these years because they capture the self - and mutually - triggering patterns between different events in complicated sequences explicitly and quantitatively and a ←
→ efficient computation of mean truncated hitting times on very large graphs ; previous work has shown the effectiveness of random walk hitting times as a measure of dissimilarity in a variety of graph - based learning problems such as collaborative filtering , query suggestion or finding paraphrases . however , application of hitting times has been limited to small datasets because of computational restrictions . this paper develops a new approximation algorithm with which hitting times can be computed on very l ←
→ dataflow matrix machines and v - values : a bridge between programs and neural nets ; dataflow matrix machines generalize neural nets by replacing streams of numbers with streams of vectors ( or other kinds of linear streams admitting a notion of linear combination of several streams ) and adding a few more changes on top of that , namely arbitrary input and output arities for activation functions , countable - sized networks with finite dynamically changeable active part capable of unbounded growth , and a very ex ←
→ development and validation of a novel dementia of alzheimer ' s type ( dat ) score based on metabolism fdg - pet imaging ; fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography ( fdg - pet ) imaging based 3d topographic brain glucose metabolism patterns from normal controls ( nc ) and individuals with dementia of alzheimer ' s type ( dat ) are used to train a novel multi - scale ensemble classification model . this ensemble model outputs a fdg - pet dat score ( fpds ) between 0 and 1 denoting the probability of a subject to be clinic ←
→ convergence analysis of gradient descent algorithms with proportional updates ; the rise of deep learning in recent years has brought with it increasingly clever optimization methods to deal with complex , non - linear loss functions . these methods are often designed with convex optimization in mind , but have been shown to work well in practice even for the highly non - convex optimization associated with neural networks . however , one significant drawback of these methods when they are applied to deep learning ←
→ independence and bayesian updating methods ; duda , hart , and nilsson have set forth a method for rule - based inference systems to use in updating the probabilities of hypotheses on the basis of multiple items of new evidence . pednault , zucker , and muresan claimed to give conditions under which independence assumptions made by duda et al . preclude updating - that is , prevent the evidence from altering the probabilities of the hypotheses . glymour refutes pednault et al .' s claim with a counterexample of a rather ←
→ diversifying support vector machines for boosting using kernel perturbation : applications to class imbalance and small disjuncts ; the diversification ( generating slightly varying separating discriminators ) of support vector machines ( svms ) for boosting has proven to be a challenge due to the strong learning nature of svms . based on the insight that perturbing the svm kernel may help in diversifying svms , we propose two kernel perturbation based boosting schemes where the kernel is modified in each round ←
→ stochastic non - convex optimization with strong high probability second - order convergence ; in this paper , we study stochastic non - convex optimization with non - convex random functions . recent studies on non - convex optimization revolve around establishing second - order convergence , i . e ., converging to a nearly second - order optimal stationary points . however , existing results on stochastic non - convex optimization are limited , especially with a high probability second - order convergence . we propose a novel upda ←
→ recency - weighted markovian inference ; we describe a markov latent state space ( mlss ) model , where the latent state distribution is a decaying mixture over multiple past states . we present a simple sampling algorithm that allows to approximate such high - order mlss with fixed time and memory costs .←
→ a short proof that $ o_2 $ is an mcfl ; we present a new proof that $ o_2 $ is a multiple context - free language . it contrasts with a recent proof by salvati ( 2015 ) in its avoidance of concepts that seem specific to two - dimensional geometry , such as the complex exponential function . our simple proof creates realistic prospects of widening the results to higher dimensions . this finding is of central importance to the relation between extreme free word order and classes of grammars used to describe the syntax of n ←
→ speckle reduction with adaptive stack filters ; stack filters are a special case of non - linear filters . they have a good performance for filtering images with different types of noise while preserving edges and details . a stack filter decomposes an input image into stacks of binary images according to a set of thresholds . each binary image is then filtered by a boolean function , which characterizes the filter . adaptive stack filters can be computed by training using a prototype ( ideal ) image and its corrupt ←
→ algorithmic regularization in over - parameterized matrix sensing and neural networks with quadratic activations ; we show that the gradient descent algorithm provides an implicit regularization effect in the learning of over - parameterized matrix factorization models and one - hidden - layer neural networks with quadratic activations . concretely , we show that given $\ tilde { o }( dr ^{ 2 })$ random linear measurements of a rank $ r $ positive semidefinite matrix $ x ^{\ star }$, we can recover $ x ^{\ star }$ by parameterizing ←
→ relations between adjacency and modularity graph partitioning ; in this paper the exact linear relation between the leading eigenvector of the unnormalized modularity matrix and the eigenvectors of the adjacency matrix is developed . based on this analysis a method to approximate the leading eigenvector of the modularity matrix is given , and the relative error of the approximation is derived . a complete proof of the equivalence between normalized modularity clustering and normalized adjacency clustering is a ←
→ linear convergence of svrg in statistical estimation ; svrg and its variants are among the state of art optimization algorithms for large scale machine learning problems . it is well known that svrg converges linearly when the objective function is strongly convex . however this setup can be restrictive , and does not include several important formulations such as lasso , group lasso , logistic regression , and some non - convex models including corrected lasso and scad . in this paper , we prove that , for a class of ←
→ an empirical study on the effects of different types of noise in image classification tasks ; image classification is one of the main research problems in computer vision and machine learning . since in most real - world image classification applications there is no control over how the images are captured , it is necessary to consider the possibility that these images might be affected by noise ( e . g . sensor noise in a low - quality surveillance camera ). in this paper we analyse the impact of three different ty ←
→ improved spectral - norm bounds for clustering ; aiming to unify known results about clustering mixtures of distributions under separation conditions , kumar and kannan [ 2010 ] introduced a deterministic condition for clustering datasets . they showed that this single deterministic condition encompasses many previously studied clustering assumptions . more specifically , their proximity condition requires that in the target $ k $- clustering , the projection of a point $ x $ onto the line joining its cluster center $\ mu $←
→ real - time deep registration with geodesic loss ; with an aim to increase the capture range and accelerate the performance of state - of - the - art inter - subject and subject - to - template 3d registration , we propose deep learning - based methods that are trained to find the 3d position of arbitrarily oriented subjects or anatomy based on slices or volumes of medical images . for this , we propose regression cnns that learn to predict the angle - axis representation of 3d rotations and translations using image features . w ←
→ identifying the mislabeled training samples of ecg signals using machine learning ; the classification accuracy of electrocardiogram signal is often affected by diverse factors in which mislabeled training samples issue is one of the most influential problems . in order to mitigate this negative effect , the method of cross validation is introduced to identify the mislabeled samples . the method utilizes the cooperative advantages of different classifiers to act as a filter for the training samples . the filt ←
→ why m heads are better than one : training a diverse ensemble of deep networks ; convolutional neural networks have achieved state - of - the - art performance on a wide range of tasks . most benchmarks are led by ensembles of these powerful learners , but ensembling is typically treated as a post - hoc procedure implemented by averaging independently trained models with model variation induced by bagging or random initialization . in this paper , we rigorously treat ensembling as a first - class problem to explicitly a ←
→ easy monotonic policy iteration ; a key problem in reinforcement learning for control with general function approximators ( such as deep neural networks and other nonlinear functions ) is that , for many algorithms employed in practice , updates to the policy or $ q $- function may fail to improve performance --- or worse , actually cause the policy performance to degrade . prior work has addressed this for policy iteration by deriving tight policy improvement bounds ; by optimizing the lower bound on policy improvemen ←
→ learning features of music from scratch ; this paper introduces a new large - scale music dataset , musicnet , to serve as a source of supervision and evaluation of machine learning methods for music research . musicnet consists of hundreds of freely - licensed classical music recordings by 10 composers , written for 11 instruments , together with instrument / note annotations resulting in over 1 million temporal labels on 34 hours of chamber music performances under various studio and microphone conditions . the pap ←
→ random crossings in dependency trees ; it has been hypothesized that the rather small number of crossings in real syntactic dependency trees is a side - effect of pressure for dependency length minimization . here we answer a related important research question : what would be the expected number of crossings if the natural order of a sentence was lost and replaced by a random ordering ? we show that this number depends only on the number of vertices of the dependency tree ( the sentence length ) and the second mo ←
→ unsupervised adaptive re - identification in open world dynamic camera networks ; person re - identification is an open and challenging problem in computer vision . existing approaches have concentrated on either designing the best feature representation or learning optimal matching metrics in a static setting where the number of cameras are fixed in a network . most approaches have neglected the dynamic and open world nature of the re - identification problem , where a new camera may be temporarily inserted into ←
→ a deep learning classification scheme based on augmented - enhanced features to segment organs at risk on the optic region in brain cancer patients ; radiation therapy has emerged as one of the preferred techniques to treat brain cancer patients . during treatment , a very high dose of radiation is delivered to a very narrow area . prescribed radiation therapy for brain cancer requires precisely defining the target treatment area , as well as delineating vital brain structures which must be spared from radiot ←
→ mahotas : open source software for scriptable computer vision ; mahotas is a computer vision library for python . it contains traditional image processing functionality such as filtering and morphological operations as well as more modern computer vision functions for feature computation , including interest point detection and local descriptors . the interface is in python , a dynamic programming language , which is very appropriate for fast development , but the algorithms are implemented in c ++ and are tuned ←
→ a meta - analysis of the anomaly detection problem ; this article provides a thorough meta - analysis of the anomaly detection problem . to accomplish this we first identify approaches to benchmarking anomaly detection algorithms across the literature and produce a large corpus of anomaly detection benchmarks that vary in their construction across several dimensions we deem important to real - world applications : ( a ) point difficulty , ( b ) relative frequency of anomalies , ( c ) clusteredness of anomalies , and ( d ) rel ←
→ senti17 at semeval - 2017 task 4 : ten convolutional neural network voters for tweet polarity classification ; this paper presents senti17 system which uses ten convolutional neural networks ( convnet ) to assign a sentiment label to a tweet . the network consists of a convolutional layer followed by a fully - connected layer and a softmax on top . ten instances of this network are initialized with the same word embeddings as inputs but with different initializations for the network weights . we combine the results ←
→ a survey of inductive biases for factorial representation - learning ; with the resurgence of interest in neural networks , representation learning has re - emerged as a central focus in artificial intelligence . representation learning refers to the discovery of useful encodings of data that make domain - relevant information explicit . factorial representations identify underlying independent causal factors of variation in data . a factorial representation is compact and faithful , makes the causal factors explicit ,←
→ robustness from structure : inference with hierarchical spiking networks on analog neuromorphic hardware ; how spiking networks are able to perform probabilistic inference is an intriguing question , not only for understanding information processing in the brain , but also for transferring these computational principles to neuromorphic silicon circuits . a number of computationally powerful spiking network models have been proposed , but most of them have only been tested , under ideal conditions , in software s ←
→ cognitive principles in robust multimodal interpretation ; multimodal conversational interfaces provide a natural means for users to communicate with computer systems through multiple modalities such as speech and gesture . to build effective multimodal interfaces , automated interpretation of user multimodal inputs is important . inspired by the previous investigation on cognitive status in multimodal human machine interaction , we have developed a greedy algorithm for interpreting user referring expressions (←
→ image retrieval with fisher vectors of binary features ; recently , the fisher vector representation of local features has attracted much attention because of its effectiveness in both image classification and image retrieval . another trend in the area of image retrieval is the use of binary features such as orb , freak , and brisk . considering the significant performance improvement for accuracy in both image classification and retrieval by the fisher vector of continuous feature descriptors , if the fisher ve ←
→ thematic annotation : extracting concepts out of documents ; contrarily to standard approaches to topic annotation , the technique used in this work does not centrally rely on some sort of -- possibly statistical -- keyword extraction . in fact , the proposed annotation algorithm uses a large scale semantic database -- the edr electronic dictionary -- that provides a concept hierarchy based on hyponym and hypernym relations . this concept hierarchy is used to generate a synthetic representation of the document b ←
→ faster gaussian summation : theory and experiment ; we provide faster algorithms for the problem of gaussian summation , which occurs in many machine learning methods . we develop two new extensions - an o ( dp ) taylor expansion for the gaussian kernel with rigorous error bounds and a new error control scheme integrating any arbitrary approximation method - within the best discretealgorithmic framework using adaptive hierarchical data structures . we rigorously evaluate these techniques empirically in the context ←
→ the optimality of attaching unlinked labels to unlinked meanings ; vocabulary learning by children can be characterized by many biases . when encountering a new word , children as well as adults , are biased towards assuming that it means something totally different from the words that they already know . to the best of our knowledge , the 1st mathematical proof of the optimality of this bias is presented here . first , it is shown that this bias is a particular case of the maximization of mutual information betwe ←
→ calibrating black box classification models through the thresholding method ; in high - dimensional classification settings , we wish to seek a balance between high power and ensuring control over a desired loss function . in many settings , the points most likely to be misclassified are those who lie near the decision boundary of the given classification method . often , these uninformative points should not be classified as they are noisy and do not exhibit strong signals . in this paper , we introduce the thres ←
→ bounds on query convergence ; the problem of finding an optimum using noisy evaluations of a smooth cost function arises in many contexts , including economics , business , medicine , experiment design , and foraging theory . we derive an asymptotic bound e [ ( x_t - x *)^ 2 ] >= o ( 1 / sqrt ( t )) on the rate of convergence of a sequence ( x_0 , x_1 , >...) generated by an unbiased feedback process observing noisy evaluations of an unknown quadratic function maximised at x *. the bound is tight , as the proof leads to a simple ←
→ automatic detection of fake news ; the proliferation of misleading information in everyday access media outlets such as social media feeds , news blogs , and online newspapers have made it challenging to identify trustworthy news sources , thus increasing the need for computational tools able to provide insights into the reliability of online content . in this paper , we focus on the automatic identification of fake content in online news . our contribution is twofold . first , we introduce two novel datasets for t ←
→ an active curve approach for tomographic reconstruction of binary radially symmetric objects ; this paper deals with a method of tomographic reconstruction of radially symmetric objects from a single radiograph , in order to study the behavior of shocked material . the usual tomographic reconstruction algorithms such as generalized inverse or filtered back - projection cannot be applied here because data are very noisy and the inverse problem associated to single view tomographic reconstruction is highly unst ←
→ deep lda - pruned nets for efficient facial gender classification ; many real - time tasks , such as human - computer interaction , require fast and efficient facial gender classification . although deep cnn nets have been very effective for a multitude of classification tasks , their high space and time demands make them impractical for personal computers and mobile devices without a powerful gpu . in this paper , we develop a 16 - layer , yet lightweight , neural network which boosts efficiency while maintaining high acc ←
→ curtail : characterizing and thwarting adversarial deep learning ; this paper proposes curtail , an end - to - end computing framework for characterizing and thwarting adversarial space in the context of deep learning ( dl ). the framework protects deep neural networks against adversarial samples , which are perturbed inputs carefully crafted by malicious entities to mislead the underlying dl model . the precursor for the proposed methodology is a set of new quantitative metrics to assess the vulnerability of various ←
→ improved mean and variance approximations for belief net responses via network doubling ; a bayesian belief network models a joint distribution with an directed acyclic graph representing dependencies among variables and network parameters characterizing conditional distributions . the parameters are viewed as random variables to quantify uncertainty about their values . belief nets are used to compute responses to queries ; i . e ., conditional probabilities of interest . a query is a function of the parameters ←
→ robust photometric stereo via dictionary learning ; photometric stereo is a method that seeks to reconstruct the normal vectors of an object from a set of images of the object illuminated under different light sources . while effective in some situations , classical photometric stereo relies on a diffuse surface model that cannot handle objects with complex reflectance patterns , and it is sensitive to non - idealities in the images . in this work , we propose a novel approach to photometric stereo that relies on ←
→ personalized news recommendation with context trees ; the profusion of online news articles makes it difficult to find interesting articles , a problem that can be assuaged by using a recommender system to bring the most relevant news stories to readers . however , news recommendation is challenging because the most relevant articles are often new content seen by few users . in addition , they are subject to trends and preference changes over time , and in many cases we do not have sufficient information to profi ←
→ towards meaningful maps of polish case law ; in this work , we analyze the utility of two dimensional document maps for exploratory analysis of polish case law . we start by comparing two methods of generating such visualizations . first is based on linear principal component analysis ( pca ). second makes use of the modern nonlinear t - distributed stochastic neighbor embedding method ( t - sne ). we apply both pca and t - sne to a corpus of judgments from different courts in poland . it emerges that t - sne provides bett ←
→ a spatial layout and scale invariant feature representation for indoor scene classification ; unlike standard object classification , where the image to be classified contains one or multiple instances of the same object , indoor scene classification is quite different since the image consists of multiple distinct objects . further , these objects can be of varying sizes and are present across numerous spatial locations in different layouts . for automatic indoor scene categorization , large scale spatial layou ←
→ oversampling for imbalanced learning based on k - means and smote ; learning from class - imbalanced data continues to be a common and challenging problem in supervised learning as standard classification algorithms are designed to handle balanced class distributions . while different strategies exist to tackle this problem , methods which generate artificial data to achieve a balanced class distribution are more versatile than modifications to the classification algorithm . such techniques , called oversamplers , m ←
→ towards cross - lingual distributed representations without parallel text trained with adversarial autoencoders ; current approaches to learning vector representations of text that are compatible between different languages usually require some amount of parallel text , aligned at word , sentence or at least document level . we hypothesize however , that different natural languages share enough semantic structure that it should be possible , in principle , to learn compatible vector representations just by analyz ←
→ arriving on time : estimating travel time distributions on large - scale road networks ; most optimal routing problems focus on minimizing travel time or distance traveled . oftentimes , a more useful objective is to maximize the probability of on - time arrival , which requires statistical distributions of travel times , rather than just mean values . we propose a method to estimate travel time distributions on large - scale road networks , using probe vehicle data collected from gps . we present a framework that work ←
→ a regularized framework for sparse and structured neural attention ; modern neural networks are often augmented with an attention mechanism , which tells the network where to focus within the input . we propose in this paper a new framework for sparse and structured attention , building upon a smoothed max operator . we show that the gradient of this operator defines a mapping from real values to probabilities , suitable as an attention mechanism . our framework includes softmax and a slight generalization of the ←
→ feature selection for linear svm with provable guarantees ; we give two provably accurate feature - selection techniques for the linear svm . the algorithms run in deterministic and randomized time respectively . our algorithms can be used in an unsupervised or supervised setting . the supervised approach is based on sampling features from support vectors . we prove that the margin in the feature space is preserved to within $\ epsilon $- relative error of the margin in the full feature space in the worst - case . in t ←
→ extreme extraction : only one hour per relation ; information extraction ( ie ) aims to automatically generate a large knowledge base from natural language text , but progress remains slow . supervised learning requires copious human annotation , while unsupervised and weakly supervised approaches do not deliver competitive accuracy . as a result , most fielded applications of ie , as well as the leading tac - kbp systems , rely on significant amounts of manual engineering . even " extreme " methods , such as those reporte ←
→ supervised learning in spiking neural networks with limited precision : snn / lp ; a new supervised learning algorithm , snn / lp , is proposed for spiking neural networks . this novel algorithm uses limited precision for both synaptic weights and synaptic delays ; 3 bits in each case . also a genetic algorithm is used for the supervised training . the results are comparable or better than previously published work . the results are applicable to the realization of large scale hardware neural networks . one of the tra ←
→ learning item trees for probabilistic modelling of implicit feedback ; user preferences for items can be inferred from either explicit feedback , such as item ratings , or implicit feedback , such as rental histories . research in collaborative filtering has concentrated on explicit feedback , resulting in the development of accurate and scalable models . however , since explicit feedback is often difficult to collect it is important to develop effective models that take advantage of the more widely available impl ←
→ stratified labelings for abstract argumentation ; we introduce stratified labelings as a novel semantical approach to abstract argumentation frameworks . compared to standard labelings , stratified labelings provide a more fine - grained assessment of the controversiality of arguments using ranks instead of the usual labels in , out , and undecided . we relate the framework of stratified labelings to conditional logic and , in particular , to the system z ranking functions .←
→ full - resolution residual networks for semantic segmentation in street scenes ; semantic image segmentation is an essential component of modern autonomous driving systems , as an accurate understanding of the surrounding scene is crucial to navigation and action planning . current state - of - the - art approaches in semantic image segmentation rely on pre - trained networks that were initially developed for classifying images as a whole . while these networks exhibit outstanding recognition performance ( i . e ., what i ←
→ salient region segmentation ; saliency prediction is a well studied problem in computer vision . early saliency models were based on low - level hand - crafted feature derived from insights gained in neuroscience and psychophysics . in the wake of deep learning breakthrough , a new cohort of models were proposed based on neural network architectures , allowing significantly higher gaze prediction than previous shallow models , on all metrics . however , most models treat the saliency prediction as a \ textit { regressi ←
→ beyond word importance : contextual decomposition to extract interactions from lstms ; the driving force behind the recent success of lstms has been their ability to learn complex and non - linear relationships . consequently , our inability to describe these relationships has led to lstms being characterized as black boxes . to this end , we introduce contextual decomposition ( cd ), an interpretation algorithm for analysing individual predictions made by standard lstms , without any changes to the underlying mode ←
→ identifying pairs in simulated bio - medical time - series ; the paper presents a time - series - based classification approach to identify similarities in pairs of simulated human - generated patterns . an example for a pattern is a time - series representing a heart rate during a specific time - range , wherein the time - series is a sequence of data points that represent the changes in the heart rate values . a bio - medical simulator system was developed to acquire a collection of 7 , 871 price patterns of financial instrumen ←
→ model based framework for estimating mutation rate of hepatitis c virus in egypt ; hepatitis c virus ( hcv ) is a widely spread disease all over the world . hcv has very high mutation rate that makes it resistant to antibodies . modeling hcv to identify the virus mutation process is essential to its detection and predicting its evolution . this paper presents a model based framework for estimating mutation rate of hcv in two steps . firstly profile hidden markov model ( phmm ) architecture was builder to select t ←
→ a method for the online construction of the set of states of a markov decision process using answer set programming ; non - stationary domains , that change in unpredicted ways , are a challenge for agents searching for optimal policies in sequential decision - making problems . this paper presents a combination of markov decision processes ( mdp ) with answer set programming ( asp ), named {\ em online asp for mdp } ( oasp ( mdp )), which is a method capable of constructing the set of domain states while the agent intera ←
→ learning motion patterns in videos ; the problem of determining whether an object is in motion , irrespective of camera motion , is far from being solved . we address this challenging task by learning motion patterns in videos . the core of our approach is a fully convolutional network , which is learned entirely from synthetic video sequences , and their ground - truth optical flow and motion segmentation . this encoder - decoder style architecture first learns a coarse representation of the optical flow field featur ←
→ accelerated proximal stochastic dual coordinate ascent for regularized loss minimization ; we introduce a proximal version of the stochastic dual coordinate ascent method and show how to accelerate the method using an inner - outer iteration procedure . we analyze the runtime of the framework and obtain rates that improve state - of - the - art results for various key machine learning optimization problems including svm , logistic regression , ridge regression , lasso , and multiclass svm . experiments validate our the ←
→ an efficient approach for object detection and tracking of objects in a video with variable background ; this paper proposes a novel approach to create an automated visual surveillance system which is very efficient in detecting and tracking moving objects in a video captured by moving camera without any apriori information about the captured scene . separating foreground from the background is challenging job in videos captured by moving camera as both foreground and background information change in every ←
→ ontology - based inference for causal explanation ; we define an inference system to capture explanations based on causal statements , using an ontology in the form of an is - a hierarchy . we first introduce a simple logical language which makes it possible to express that a fact causes another fact and that a fact explains another fact . we present a set of formal inference patterns from causal statements to explanation statements . we introduce an elementary ontology which gives greater expressiveness to the sys ←
→ the leave - one - out approach for matrix completion : primal and dual analysis ; in this paper , we introduce a powerful technique , leave - one - out , to the analysis of low - rank matrix completion problems . using this technique , we develop a general approach for obtaining fine - grained , entry - wise bounds on iterative stochastic procedures . we demonstrate the power of this approach in analyzing two of the most important algorithms for matrix completion : the non - convex approach based on singular value projection ( svp ←
→ unreasonable effectiveness of learning neural networks : from accessible states and robust ensembles to basic algorithmic schemes ; in artificial neural networks , learning from data is a computationally demanding task in which a large number of connection weights are iteratively tuned through stochastic - gradient - based heuristic processes over a cost - function . it is not well understood how learning occurs in these systems , in particular how they avoid getting trapped in configurations with poor computationa ←
→ a correspondence between random neural networks and statistical field theory ; a number of recent papers have provided evidence that practical design questions about neural networks may be tackled theoretically by studying the behavior of random networks . however , until now the tools available for analyzing random neural networks have been relatively ad - hoc . in this work , we show that the distribution of pre - activations in random neural networks can be exactly mapped onto lattice models in statistical phy ←
→ translation quality estimation using recurrent neural network ; this paper describes our submission to the shared task on word / phrase level quality estimation ( qe ) in the first conference on statistical machine translation ( wmt16 ). the objective of the shared task was to predict if the given word / phrase is a correct / incorrect ( ok / bad ) translation in the given sentence . in this paper , we propose a novel approach for word level quality estimation using recurrent neural network language model ( rnn - lm ) architec ←
→ lanczos approximations for the speedup of kernel partial least squares regression ; the runtime for kernel partial least squares ( kpls ) to compute the fit is quadratic in the number of examples . however , the necessity of obtaining sensitivity measures as degrees of freedom for model selection or confidence intervals for more detailed analysis requires cubic runtime , and thus constitutes a computational bottleneck in real - world data analysis . we propose a novel algorithm for kpls which not only computes ( a ←
→ accelerated linear svm training with adaptive variable selection frequencies ; support vector machine ( svm ) training is an active research area since the dawn of the method . in recent years there has been increasing interest in specialized solvers for the important case of linear models . the algorithm presented by hsieh et al ., probably best known under the name of the " liblinear " implementation , marks a major breakthrough . the method is analog to established dual decomposition algorithms for training of ←
→ collaborative representation based classification for face recognition ; by coding a query sample as a sparse linear combination of all training samples and then classifying it by evaluating which class leads to the minimal coding residual , sparse representation based classification ( src ) leads to interesting results for robust face recognition . it is widely believed that the l1 - norm sparsity constraint on coding coefficients plays a key role in the success of src , while its use of all training samples to ←
→ a computational model for situated task learning with interactive instruction ; learning novel tasks is a complex cognitive activity requiring the learner to acquire diverse declarative and procedural knowledge . prior act - r models of acquiring task knowledge from instruction focused on learning procedural knowledge from declarative instructions encoded in semantic memory . in this paper , we identify the requirements for designing compu - tational models that learn task knowledge from situated task - oriented ←
→ an alternative to rdf - based languages for the representation and processing of ontologies in the semantic web ; this paper describes an approach to the representation and processing of ontologies in the semantic web , based on the icmaus theory of computation and ai . this approach has strengths that complement those of languages based on the resource description framework ( rdf ) such as rdf schema and daml + oil . the main benefits of the icmaus approach are simplicity and comprehensibility in the representati ←
→ residual networks behave like ensembles of relatively shallow networks ; in this work we propose a novel interpretation of residual networks showing that they can be seen as a collection of many paths of differing length . moreover , residual networks seem to enable very deep networks by leveraging only the short paths during training . to support this observation , we rewrite residual networks as an explicit collection of paths . unlike traditional models , paths through residual networks vary in length . further ←
→ clustering , hamming embedding , generalized lsh and the max norm ; we study the convex relaxation of clustering and hamming embedding , focusing on the asymmetric case ( co - clustering and asymmetric hamming embedding ), understanding their relationship to lsh as studied by ( charikar 2002 ) and to the max - norm ball , and the differences between their symmetric and asymmetric versions .←
→ deep convolutional neural networks for brain image analysis on magnetic resonance imaging : a review ; in recent years , deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have shown record - shattering performance in a variety of computer vision problems , such as visual object recognition , detection and segmentation . these methods have also been utilized in medical image analysis domain for lesion segmentation , anatomical segmentation and classification . we present an extensive literature review of cnn techniques app ←
→ associations among image assessments as cost functions in linear decomposition : mse , ssim , and correlation coefficient ; the traditional methods of image assessment , such as mean squared error ( mse ), signal - to - noise ratio ( snr ), and peak signal - to - noise ratio ( psnr ), are all based on the absolute error of images . pearson ' s inner - product correlation coefficient ( pcc ) is also usually used to measure the similarity between images . structural similarity ( ssim ) index is another important measurement which has ←
→ the rise and fall of the church - turing thesis ; the essay consists of three parts . in the first part , it is explained how theory of algorithms and computations evaluates the contemporary situation with computers and global networks . in the second part , it is demonstrated what new perspectives this theory opens through its new direction that is called theory of super - recursive algorithms . these algorithms have much higher computing power than conventional algorithmic schemes . in the third part , we explicate ←
→ a general model for robust tensor factorization with unknown noise ; because of the limitations of matrix factorization , such as losing spatial structure information , the concept of low - rank tensor factorization ( lrtf ) has been applied for the recovery of a low dimensional subspace from high dimensional visual data . the low - rank tensor recovery is generally achieved by minimizing the loss function between the observed data and the factorization representation . the loss function is designed in various forms ←
→ scenario - based stochastic constraint programming ; to model combinatorial decision problems involving uncertainty and probability , we extend the stochastic constraint programming framework proposed in [ walsh , 2002 ] along a number of important dimensions ( e . g . to multiple chance constraints and to a range of new objectives ). we also provide a new ( but equivalent ) semantics based on scenarios . using this semantics , we can compile stochastic constraint programs down into conventional ( nonstochastic ) constraint ←
→ stochastic submodular maximization : the case of coverage functions ; stochastic optimization of continuous objectives is at the heart of modern machine learning . however , many important problems are of discrete nature and often involve submodular objectives . we seek to unleash the power of stochastic continuous optimization , namely stochastic gradient descent and its variants , to such discrete problems . we first introduce the problem of stochastic submodular optimization , where one needs to optimize a submo ←
→ camera identification by grouping images from database , based on shared noise patterns ; previous research showed that camera specific noise patterns , so - called prnu - patterns , are extracted from images and related images could be found . in this particular research the focus is on grouping images from a database , based on a shared noise pattern as an identification method for cameras . using the method as described in this article , groups of images , created using the same camera , could be linked from a larg ←
→ accelerating cs in parallel imaging reconstructions using an efficient and effective circulant preconditioner ; purpose : design of a preconditioner for fast and efficient parallel imaging and compressed sensing reconstructions . theory : parallel imaging and compressed sensing reconstructions become time consuming when the problem size or the number of coils is large , due to the large linear system of equations that has to be solved in l_1 and l_2 - norm based reconstruction algorithms . such linear systems ca ←
→ causal networks : semantics and expressiveness ; dependency knowledge of the form " x is independent of y once z is known " invariably obeys the four graphoid axioms , examples include probabilistic and database dependencies . often , such knowledge can be represented efficiently with graphical structures such as undirected graphs and directed acyclic graphs ( dags ). in this paper we show that the graphical criterion called d - separation is a sound rule for reading independencies from any dag based on a causal inpu ←
→ neutrosophic overset , neutrosophic underset , and neutrosophic offset . similarly for neutrosophic over -/ under -/ off - logic , probability , and statistics ; neutrosophic over -/ under -/ off - set and - logic were defined by the author in 1995 and published for the first time in 2007 . we extended the neutrosophic set respectively to neutrosophic overset { when some neutrosophic component is over 1 }, neutrosophic underset { when some neutrosophic component is below 0 }, and to neutrosophic offset { when some neutrosophi ←
→ guaranteed outlier removal for point cloud registration with correspondences ; an established approach for 3d point cloud registration is to estimate the registration function from 3d keypoint correspondences . typically , a robust technique is required to conduct the estimation , since there are false correspondences or outliers . current 3d keypoint techniques are much less accurate than their 2d counterparts , thus they tend to produce extremely high outlier rates . a large number of putative correspondences ←
→ design exploration of hybrid cmos - oxram deep generative architectures ; deep learning and its applications have gained tremendous interest recently in both academia and industry . restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ) offer a key methodology to implement deep learning paradigms . this paper presents a novel approach for realizing hybrid cmos - oxram based deep generative models ( dgm ). in our proposed hybrid dgm architectures , hfox based ( filamentary - type switching ) oxram devices are extensively used for realizin ←
→ unsupervised and semi - supervised anomaly detection with lstm neural networks ; we investigate anomaly detection in an unsupervised framework and introduce long short term memory ( lstm ) neural network based algorithms . in particular , given variable length data sequences , we first pass these sequences through our lstm based structure and obtain fixed length sequences . we then find a decision function for our anomaly detectors based on the one class support vector machines ( oc - svm ) and support vector data de ←
→ frugal bribery in voting ; bribery in elections is an important problem in computational social choice theory . however , bribery with money is often illegal in elections . motivated by this , we introduce the notion of frugal bribery and formulate two new pertinent computational problems which we call frugal - bribery and frugal - $ bribery to capture bribery without money in elections . in the proposed model , the briber is frugal in nature and this is captured by her inability to bribe votes of a certain kind , nam ←
→ learning , social intelligence and the turing test - why an " out - of - the - box " turing machine will not pass the turing test ; the turing test ( tt ) checks for human intelligence , rather than any putative general intelligence . it involves repeated interaction requiring learning in the form of adaption to the human conversation partner . it is a macro - level post - hoc test in contrast to the definition of a turing machine ( tm ), which is a prior micro - level definition . this raises the question of whether learning i ←
→ architecture of an ontology - based domain - specific natural language question answering system ; question answering ( qa ) system aims at retrieving precise information from a large collection of documents against a query . this paper describes the architecture of a natural language question answering ( nlqa ) system for a specific domain based on the ontological information , a step towards semantic web question answering . the proposed architecture defines four basic modules suitable for enhancing current qa cap ←
→ massively deep artificial neural networks for handwritten digit recognition ; greedy restrictive boltzmann machines yield an fairly low 0 . 72 % error rate on the famous mnist database of handwritten digits . all that was required to achieve this result was a high number of hidden layers consisting of many neurons , and a graphics card to greatly speed up the rate of learning .←
→ knowledge reduction of dynamic covering decision information systems with immigration of more objects ; in practical situations , it is of interest to investigate computing approximations of sets as an important step of knowledge reduction of dynamic covering decision information systems . in this paper , we present incremental approaches to computing the type - 1 and type - 2 characteristic matrices of dynamic coverings whose cardinalities increase with immigration of more objects . we also present the increment ←
→ securing your transactions : detecting anomalous patterns in xml documents ; xml transactions are used in many information systems to store data and interact with other systems . abnormal transactions , the result of either an on - going cyber attack or the actions of a benign user , can potentially harm the interacting systems and therefore they are regarded as a threat . in this paper we address the problem of anomaly detection and localization in xml transactions using machine learning techniques . we present ←
→ multi - dimensional signal approximation with sparse structured priors using split bregman iterations ; this paper addresses the structurally - constrained sparse decomposition of multi - dimensional signals onto overcomplete families of vectors , called dictionaries . the contribution of the paper is threefold . firstly , a generic spatio - temporal regularization term is designed and used together with the standard $\ ell_1 $ regularization term to enforce a sparse decomposition preserving the spatio - temporal structu ←
→ group symmetry and non - gaussian covariance estimation ; we consider robust covariance estimation with group symmetry constraints . non - gaussian covariance estimation , e . g ., tyler scatter estimator and multivariate generalized gaussian distribution methods , usually involve non - convex minimization problems . recently , it was shown that the underlying principle behind their success is an extended form of convexity over the geodesics in the manifold of positive definite matrices . a modern approach to improve esti ←
→ efficient recurrent neural networks using structured matrices in fpgas ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are becoming increasingly important for time series - related applications which require efficient and real - time implementations . the recent pruning based work ese suffers from degradation of performance / energy efficiency due to the irregular network structure after pruning . we propose block - circulant matrices for weight matrix representation in rnns , thereby achieving simultaneous model compression and a ←
→ large angle based skeleton extraction for 3d animation ; in this paper , we present a solution for arbitrary 3d character deformation by investigating rotation angle of decomposition and preserving the mesh topology structure . in computer graphics , skeleton extraction and skeleton - driven animation is an active areas and gains increasing interests from researchers . the accuracy is critical for realistic animation and related applications . there have been extensive studies on skeleton based 3d deformation . how ←
→ tracking the world state with recurrent entity networks ; we introduce a new model , the recurrent entity network ( entnet ). it is equipped with a dynamic long - term memory which allows it to maintain and update a representation of the state of the world as it receives new data . for language understanding tasks , it can reason on - the - fly as it reads text , not just when it is required to answer a question or respond as is the case for a memory network ( sukhbaatar et al ., 2015 ). like a neural turing machine or di ←
→ a rotation and a translation suffice : fooling cnns with simple transformations ; we show that simple transformations , namely translations and rotations alone , are sufficient to fool neural network - based vision models on a significant fraction of inputs . this is in sharp contrast to previous work that relied on more complicated optimization approaches that are unlikely to appear outside of a truly adversarial setting . moreover , fooling rotations and translations are easy to find and require only a few blac ←
→ kgan : how to break the minimax game in gan ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) were intuitively and attractively explained under the perspective of game theory , wherein two involving parties are a discriminator and a generator . in this game , the task of the discriminator is to discriminate the real and generated ( i . e ., fake ) data , whilst the task of the generator is to generate the fake data that maximally confuses the discriminator . in this paper , we propose a new viewpoint for gans , which is termed a ←
→ automated oct segmentation for images with dme ; this paper presents a novel automated system that segments six sub - retinal layers from optical coherence tomography ( oct ) image stacks of healthy patients and patients with diabetic macular edema ( dme ). first , each image in the oct stack is denoised using a wiener deconvolution algorithm that estimates the additive speckle noise variance using a novel fourier - domain based structural error . this denoising method enhances the image snr by an average of 12db . ne ←
→ surrogate functions for maximizing precision at the top ; the problem of maximizing precision at the top of a ranked list , often dubbed precision @ k ( prec @ k ), finds relevance in myriad learning applications such as ranking , multi - label classification , and learning with severe label imbalance . however , despite its popularity , there exist significant gaps in our understanding of this problem and its associated performance measure . the most notable of these is the lack of a convex upper bounding surrogate for ←
→ yum - me : a personalized nutrient - based meal recommender system ; nutrient - based meal recommendations have the potential to help individuals prevent or manage conditions such as diabetes and obesity . however , learning people ' s food preferences and making recommendations that simultaneously appeal to their palate and satisfy nutritional expectations are challenging . existing approaches either only learn high - level preferences or require a prolonged learning period . we propose yum - me , a personalized nutrient - ba ←
→ generalized canonical correlation analysis for classification ; for multiple multivariate data sets , we derive conditions under which generalized canonical correlation analysis ( gcca ) improves classification performance of the projected datasets , compared to standard canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) using only two data sets . we illustrate our theoretical results with simulations and a real data experiment .←
→ semantic instance labeling leveraging hierarchical segmentation ; most of the approaches for indoor rgbd semantic la - beling focus on using pixels or superpixels to train a classi - fier . in this paper , we implement a higher level segmentation using a hierarchy of superpixels to obtain a better segmen - tation for training our classifier . by focusing on meaningful segments that conform more directly to objects , regardless of size , we train a random forest of decision trees as a clas - sifier using simple featu ←
→ line artist : a multiple style sketch to painting synthesis scheme ; drawing a beautiful painting is a dream of many people since childhood . in this paper , we propose a novel scheme , line artist , to synthesize artistic style paintings with freehand sketch images , leveraging the power of deep learning and advanced algorithms . our scheme includes three models . the sketch image extraction ( sie ) model is applied to generate the training data . it includes smoothing reality images and pencil sketch extraction . the ←
→ scalable parallel factorizations of sdd matrices and efficient sampling for gaussian graphical models ; motivated by a sampling problem basic to computational statistical inference , we develop a nearly optimal algorithm for a fundamental problem in spectral graph theory and numerical analysis . given an $ n \ times n $ sddm matrix ${\ bf \ mathbf { m }}$, and a constant $- 1 \ leq p \ leq 1 $, our algorithm gives efficient access to a sparse $ n \ times n $ linear operator $\ tilde {\ mathbf { c }}$ such that $${\ mathbf { m }}^{ p } ←
→ quasi - homography warps in image stitching ; the naturalness of warps is gaining extensive attentions in image stitching . recent warps such as sphp and aanap , use global similarity warps to mitigate projective distortion ( which enlarges regions ), however , they necessarily bring in perspective distortion ( which generates inconsistencies ). in this paper , we propose a novel quasi - homography warp , which effectively balances the perspective distortion against the projective distortion in the non - overlapping regio ←
→ mimo graph filters for convolutional neural networks ; superior performance and ease of implementation have fostered the adoption of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for a wide array of inference and reconstruction tasks . cnns implement three basic blocks : convolution , pooling and pointwise nonlinearity . since the two first operations are well - defined only on regular - structured data such as audio or images , application of cnns to contemporary datasets where the information is defined in irregular domain ←
→ a bio - inspired redundant sensing architecture ; sensing is the process of deriving signals from the environment that allows artificial systems to interact with the physical world . the shannon theorem specifies the maximum rate at which information can be acquired . however , this upper bound is hard to achieve in many man - made systems . the biological visual systems , on the other hand , have highly efficient signal representation and processing mechanisms that allow precise sensing . in this work , we argue that ←
→ offline arabic handwriting recognition using artificial neural network ; the ambition of a character recognition system is to transform a text document typed on paper into a digital format that can be manipulated by word processor software unlike other languages , arabic has unique features , while other language doesn ' t have , from this language these are seven or eight language such as ordo , jewie and persian writing , arabic has twenty eight letters , each of which can be linked in three different ways or sep ←
→ median - based generation of synthetic speech durations using a non - parametric approach ; this paper proposes a new approach to duration modelling for statistical parametric speech synthesis in which a recurrent statistical model is trained to output a phone transition probability at each timestep ( acoustic frame ). unlike conventional approaches to duration modelling -- which assume that duration distributions have a particular form ( e . g ., a gaussian ) and use the mean of that distribution for synthesis -- o ←
→ a note on improved loss bounds for multiple kernel learning ; in this paper , we correct an upper bound , presented in ~\ cite { hs - 11 }, on the generalisation error of classifiers learned through multiple kernel learning . the bound in ~\ cite { hs - 11 } uses rademacher complexity and has an \ emph { additive } dependence on the logarithm of the number of kernels and the margin achieved by the classifier . however , there are some errors in parts of the proof which are corrected in this paper . unfortunately , the final result t ←
→ generalized instrumental variables ; this paper concerns the assessment of direct causal effects from a combination of : ( i ) non - experimental data , and ( ii ) qualitative domain knowledge . domain knowledge is encoded in the form of a directed acyclic graph ( dag ), in which all interactions are assumed linear , and some variables are presumed to be unobserved . we provide a generalization of the well - known method of instrumental variables , which allows its application to models with few conditional independeces .←
→ a comment on the paper prediction of kidney function from biopsy images using convolutional neural networks ; this letter presente a comment on the paper prediction of kidney function from biopsy images using convolutional neural networks by ledbetter et al . ( 2017 )←
→ intelligent search optimization using artificial fuzzy logics ; information on the web is prodigious ; searching relevant information is difficult making web users to rely on search engines for finding relevant information on the web . search engines index and categorize web pages according to their contents using crawlers and rank them accordingly . for given user query they retrieve millions of webpages and display them to users according to web - page rank . every search engine has their own algorithms based o ←
→ twitter mood predicts the stock market ; behavioral economics tells us that emotions can profoundly affect individual behavior and decision - making . does this also apply to societies at large , i . e ., can societies experience mood states that affect their collective decision making ? by extension is the public mood correlated or even predictive of economic indicators ? here we investigate whether measurements of collective mood states derived from large - scale twitter feeds are correlated to the value of the dow ←
→ semi - orthogonal multilinear pca with relaxed start ; principal component analysis ( pca ) is an unsupervised method for learning low - dimensional features with orthogonal projections . multilinear pca methods extend pca to deal with multidimensional data ( tensors ) directly via tensor - to - tensor projection or tensor - to - vector projection ( tvp ). however , under the tvp setting , it is difficult to develop an effective multilinear pca method with the orthogonality constraint . this paper tackles this problem by proposi ←
→ brain tumor type classification via capsule networks ; brain tumor is considered as one of the deadliest and most common form of cancer both in children and in adults . consequently , determining the correct type of brain tumor in early stages is of significant importance to devise a precise treatment plan and predict patient ' s response to the adopted treatment . in this regard , there has been a recent surge of interest in designing convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for the problem of brain tumor type class ←
→ evolutionary perspectives on collective decision making : studying the implications of diversity and social network structure with agent - based simulations ; collective , especially group - based , managerial decision making is crucial in organizations . using an evolutionary theory approach to collective decision making , agent - based simulations were conducted to investigate how collective decision making would be affected by the agents ' diversity in problem understanding and / or behavior in discussion , as well ←
→ new results on rewrite - based satisfiability procedures ; program analysis and verification require decision procedures to reason on theories of data structures . many problems can be reduced to the satisfiability of sets of ground literals in theory t . if a sound and complete inference system for first - order logic is guaranteed to terminate on t - satisfiability problems , any theorem - proving strategy with that system and a fair search plan is a t - satisfiability procedure . we prove termination of a rewrite - base ←
→ an artificial immune system model for multi - agents resource sharing in distributed environments ; natural immune system plays a vital role in the survival of the all living being . it provides a mechanism to defend itself from external predates making it consistent systems , capable of adapting itself for survival incase of changes . the human immune system has motivated scientists and engineers for finding powerful information processing algorithms that has solved complex engineering tasks . this paper explo ←
→ a probabilistic framework for discriminative dictionary learning ; in this paper , we address the problem of discriminative dictionary learning ( ddl ), where sparse linear representation and classification are combined in a probabilistic framework . as such , a single discriminative dictionary and linear binary classifiers are learned jointly . by encoding sparse representation and discriminative classification models in a map setting , we propose a general optimization framework that allows for a data - driven tra ←
→ online estimation of sat solving runtime ; we present an online method for estimating the cost of solving sat problems . modern sat solvers present several challenges to estimate search cost including non - chronological backtracking , learning and restarts . our method uses a linear model trained on data gathered at the start of search . we show the effectiveness of this method using random and structured problems . we demonstrate that predictions made in early restarts can be used to improve later predictions . w ←
→ selecting relevant web trained concepts for automated event retrieval ; complex event retrieval is a challenging research problem , especially when no training videos are available . an alternative to collecting training videos is to train a large semantic concept bank a priori . given a text description of an event , event retrieval is performed by selecting concepts linguistically related to the event description and fusing the concept responses on unseen videos . however , defining an exhaustive concept lexico ←
→ a nonclassical symbolic theory of working memory , mental computations , and mental set ; the paper tackles four basic questions associated with human brain as a learning system . how can the brain learn to ( 1 ) mentally simulate different external memory aids , ( 2 ) perform , in principle , any mental computations using imaginary memory aids , ( 3 ) recall the real sensory and motor events and synthesize a combinatorial number of imaginary events , ( 4 ) dynamically change its mental set to match a combinatorial numbe ←
→ speckle reduction using stochastic distances ; this paper presents a new approach for filter design based on stochastic distances and tests between distributions . a window is defined around each pixel , samples are compared and only those which pass a goodness - of - fit test are used to compute the filtered value . the technique is applied to intensity synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) data , using the gamma model with varying number of looks allowing , thus , changes in heterogeneity . modified nagao - matsuyama windows ←
→ coefficients of relations for probabilistic reasoning ; definitions and notations with historical references are given for some numerical coefficients commonly used to quantify relations among collections of objects for the purpose of expressing approximate knowledge and probabilistic reasoning .←
→ detecting figures and part labels in patents : competition - based development of image processing algorithms ; we report the findings of a month - long online competition in which participants developed algorithms for augmenting the digital version of patent documents published by the united states patent and trademark office ( uspto ). the goal was to detect figures and part labels in u . s . patent drawing pages . the challenge drew 232 teams of two , of which 70 teams ( 30 %) submitted solutions . collectively , team ←
→ range and roots : two common patterns for specifying and propagating counting and occurrence constraints ; we propose range and roots which are two common patterns useful for specifying a wide range of counting and occurrence constraints . we design specialised propagation algorithms for these two patterns . counting and occurrence constraints specified using these patterns thus directly inherit a propagation algorithm . to illustrate the capabilities of the range and roots constraints , we specify a number of ←
→ stochastic variational video prediction ; predicting the future in real - world settings , particularly from raw sensory observations such as images , is exceptionally challenging . real - world events can be stochastic and unpredictable , and the high dimensionality and complexity of natural images requires the predictive model to build an intricate understanding of the natural world . many existing methods tackle this problem by making simplifying assumptions about the environment . one common assumption is that th ←
→ soccer league optimization : a heuristic algorithm inspired by the football system in european countries ; in this paper a new heuristic optimization algorithm has been introduced based on the performance of the major football leagues within each season in eu countries . the algorithm starts with an initial population including three different groups of teams : the wealthiest ( strongest ), the regular , the poorest ( weakest ). each individual of population constitute a football team while each player is an indi ←
→ cortical spatio - temporal dimensionality reduction for visual grouping ; the visual systems of many mammals , including humans , is able to integrate the geometric information of visual stimuli and to perform cognitive tasks already at the first stages of the cortical processing . this is thought to be the result of a combination of mechanisms , which include feature extraction at single cell level and geometric processing by means of cells connectivity . we present a geometric model of such connectivities in the ←
→ learning with latent language ; the named concepts and compositional operators present in natural language provide a rich source of information about the kinds of abstractions humans use to navigate the world . can this linguistic background knowledge improve the generality and efficiency of learned classifiers and control policies ? this paper aims to show that using the space of natural language strings as a parameter space is an effective way to capture natural task structure . in a pretraining phase , we le ←
→ automatic white - box testing of first - order logic ontologies ; a long - standing dream of artificial intelligence ( ai ) has pursued to encode commonsense knowledge into computer programs enabling machines to reason about our world and problems . this work offers a new practical insight towards the automatic testing of first - order logic ( fol ) ontologies . we introduce a novel fully automatic white - box testing framework for first - order logic ( fol ) ontologies . the application of the proposed testing method is fully ←
→ feature selection using regularization in approximate linear programs for markov decision processes ; approximate dynamic programming has been used successfully in a large variety of domains , but it relies on a small set of provided approximation features to calculate solutions reliably . large and rich sets of features can cause existing algorithms to overfit because of a limited number of samples . we address this shortcoming using $ l_1 $ regularization in approximate linear programming . because the propos ←
→ unlabeled samples generated by gan improve the person re - identification baseline in vitro ; the main contribution of this paper is a simple semi - supervised pipeline that only uses the original training set without collecting extra data . it is challenging in 1 ) how to obtain more training data only from the training set and 2 ) how to use the newly generated data . in this work , the generative adversarial network ( gan ) is used to generate unlabeled samples . we propose the label smoothing regularization for o ←
→ using temporal data for making recommendations ; we treat collaborative filtering as a univariate time series estimation problem : given a user ' s previous votes , predict the next vote . we describe two families of methods for transforming data to encode time order in ways amenable to off - the - shelf classification and density estimation tools , and examine the results of using these approaches on several real - world data sets . the improvements in predictive accuracy we realize recommend the use of other predictiv ←
→ latent geometry and memorization in generative models ; it can be difficult to tell whether a trained generative model has learned to generate novel examples or has simply memorized a specific set of outputs . in published work , it is common to attempt to address this visually , for example by displaying a generated example and its nearest neighbor ( s ) in the training set ( in , for example , the l2 metric ). as any generative model induces a probability density on its output domain , we propose studying this densi ←
→ sub - sampled newton methods ii : local convergence rates ; many data - fitting applications require the solution of an optimization problem involving a sum of large number of functions of high dimensional parameter . here , we consider the problem of minimizing a sum of $ n $ functions over a convex constraint set $\ mathcal { x } \ subseteq \ mathbb { r }^{ p }$ where both $ n $ and $ p $ are large . in such problems , sub - sampling as a way to reduce $ n $ can offer great amount of computational efficiency . within the context of s ←
→ on the consistency of auc pairwise optimization ; auc ( area under roc curve ) is an important evaluation criterion , which has been popularly used in many learning tasks such as class - imbalance learning , cost - sensitive learning , learning to rank , etc . many learning approaches try to optimize auc , while owing to the non - convexity and discontinuousness of auc , almost all approaches work with surrogate loss functions . thus , the consistency of auc is crucial ; however , it has been almost untouched before . in this ←
→ cift : crowd - informed fine - tuning to improve machine learning ability ; item response theory ( irt ) allows for measuring ability of machine learning models as compared to a human population . however , it is difficult to create a large dataset to train the ability of deep neural network models ( dnns ). we propose crowd - informed fine - tuning ( cift ) as a new training process , where a pre - trained model is fine - tuned with a specialized supplemental training set obtained via irt model - fitting on a large set of crowdso ←
→ universal hypothesis testing with kernels : asymptotically optimal tests for goodness of fit ; we characterize the asymptotic performance of nonparametric goodness of fit testing , otherwise known as the universal hypothesis testing that dates back to hoeffding ( 1965 ). the exponential decay rate of the type - ii error probability is used as the asymptotic performance metric , hence an optimal test achieves the maximum decay rate subject to a constant level constraint on the type - i error probability . we show th ←
→ an annotated corpus of relational strategies in customer service ; we create and release the first publicly available commercial customer service corpus with annotated relational segments . human - computer data from three live customer service intelligent virtual agents ( ivas ) in the domains of travel and telecommunications were collected , and reviewers marked all text that was deemed unnecessary to the determination of user intention . after merging the selections of multiple reviewers to create highlighted t ←
→ modeling camera effects to improve deep vision for real and synthetic data ; recent work has focused on generating synthetic imagery and augmenting real imagery to increase the size and variability of training data for learning visual tasks in urban scenes . this includes increasing the occurrence of occlusions or varying environmental and weather effects . however , few have addressed modeling the variation in the sensor domain . unfortunately , varying sensor effects can degrade performance and generalizabil ←
→ improving semi - supervised support vector machines through unlabeled instances selection ; semi - supervised support vector machines ( s3vms ) are a kind of popular approaches which try to improve learning performance by exploiting unlabeled data . though s3vms have been found helpful in many situations , they may degenerate performance and the resultant generalization ability may be even worse than using the labeled data only . in this paper , we try to reduce the chance of performance degeneration of s3vms . our ←
→ determining the best attributes for surveillance video keywords generation ; automatic video keyword generation is one of the key ingredients in reducing the burden of security officers in analyzing surveillance videos . keywords or attributes are generally chosen manually based on expert knowledge of surveillance . most existing works primarily aim at either supervised learning approaches relying on extensive manual labelling or hierarchical probabilistic models that assume the features are extracted using ←
→ turn tap : temporal unit regression network for temporal action proposals ; temporal action proposal ( tap ) generation is an important problem , as fast and accurate extraction of semantically important ( e . g . human actions ) segments from untrimmed videos is an important step for large - scale video analysis . we propose a novel temporal unit regression network ( turn ) model . there are two salient aspects of turn : ( 1 ) turn jointly predicts action proposals and refines the temporal boundaries by temporal coordinate ←
→ risk - averse approximate dynamic programming with quantile - based risk measures ; in this paper , we consider a finite - horizon markov decision process ( mdp ) for which the objective at each stage is to minimize a quantile - based risk measure ( qbrm ) of the sequence of future costs ; we call the overall objective a dynamic quantile - based risk measure ( dqbrm ). in particular , we consider optimizing dynamic risk measures where the one - step risk measures are qbrms , a class of risk measures that includes the popular v ←
→ on - the - fly learning in a perpetual learning machine ; despite the promise of brain - inspired machine learning , deep neural networks ( dnn ) have frustratingly failed to bridge the deceptively large gap between learning and memory . here , we introduce a perpetual learning machine ; a new type of dnn that is capable of brain - like dynamic ' on the fly ' learning because it exists in a self - supervised state of perpetual stochastic gradient descent . thus , we provide the means to unify learning and memory within a machi ←
→ split bregman method for sparse inverse covariance estimation with matrix iteration acceleration ; we consider the problem of estimating the inverse covariance matrix by maximizing the likelihood function with a penalty added to encourage the sparsity of the resulting matrix . we propose a new approach based on the split bregman method to solve the regularized maximum likelihood estimation problem . we show that our method is significantly faster than the widely used graphical lasso method , which is based o ←
→ automatic selection of t - sne perplexity ; t - distributed stochastic neighbor embedding ( t - sne ) is one of the most widely used dimensionality reduction methods for data visualization , but it has a perplexity hyperparameter that requires manual selection . in practice , proper tuning of t - sne perplexity requires users to understand the inner working of the method as well as to have hands - on experience . we propose a model selection objective for t - sne perplexity that requires negligible extra computation beyond t ←
→ cache - based document - level neural machine translation ; sentences in a well - formed text are connected to each other via various links to form the cohesive structure of the text . current neural machine translation ( nmt ) systems translate a text in a conventional sentence - by - sentence fashion , ignoring such cross - sentence links and dependencies . this may lead to generate an incohesive and incoherent target text for a cohesive and coherent source text . in order to handle this issue , we propose a cache - based app ←
→ multiplicative normalizing flows for variational bayesian neural networks ; we reinterpret multiplicative noise in neural networks as auxiliary random variables that augment the approximate posterior in a variational setting for bayesian neural networks . we show that through this interpretation it is both efficient and straightforward to improve the approximation by employing normalizing flows while still allowing for local reparametrizations and a tractable lower bound . in experiments we show that with t ←
→ highly curved image sensors : a practical approach for improved optical performance ; the significant optical and size benefits of using a curved focal surface for imaging systems have been well studied yet never brought to market for lack of a high - quality , mass - producible , curved image sensor . in this work we demonstrate that commercial silicon cmos image sensors can be thinned and formed into accurate , highly curved optical surfaces with undiminished functionality . our key development is a pneumatic for ←
→ comparison and adaptation of automatic evaluation metrics for quality assessment of re - speaking ; re - speaking is a mechanism for obtaining high quality subtitles for use in live broadcast and other public events . because it relies on humans performing the actual re - speaking , the task of estimating the quality of the results is non - trivial . most organisations rely on humans to perform the actual quality assessment , but purely automatic methods have been developed for other similar problems , like machine tr ←
→ on the incommensurability phenomenon ; suppose that two large , multi - dimensional data sets are each noisy measurements of the same underlying random process , and principle components analysis is performed separately on the data sets to reduce their dimensionality . in some circumstances it may happen that the two lower - dimensional data sets have an inordinately large procrustean fitting - error between them . the purpose of this manuscript is to quantify this " incommensurability phenomenon ." in particular , unde ←
→ icd 10 based medical expert system using fuzzy temporal logic ; medical diagnosis process involves many levels and considerable amount of time and money are invariably spent for the first level of diagnosis usually made by the physician for all the patients every time . hence there is a need for a computer based system which not only asks relevant questions to the patients but also aids the physician by giving a set of possible diseases from the symptoms obtained using logic at inference . in this work , an ic ←
→ a theory of output - side unsupervised domain adaptation ; when learning a mapping from an input space to an output space , the assumption that the sample distribution of the training data is the same as that of the test data is often violated . unsupervised domain shift methods adapt the learned function in order to correct for this shift . previous work has focused on utilizing unlabeled samples from the target distribution . we consider the complementary problem in which the unlabeled samples are given post ma ←
→ vip - cnn : visual phrase guided convolutional neural network ; as the intermediate level task connecting image captioning and object detection , visual relationship detection started to catch researchers ' attention because of its descriptive power and clear structure . it detects the objects and captures their pair - wise interactions with a subject - predicate - object triplet , e . g . person - ride - horse . in this paper , each visual relationship is considered as a phrase with three components . we formulate the visual rel ←
→ conceptualization of seeded region growing by pixels aggregation . part 3 : a wide range of algorithms ; in the two previous papers of this serie , we have created a library , called population , dedicated to seeded region growing by pixels aggregation and we have proposed different growing processes to get a partition with or without a boundary region to divide the other regions or to get a partition invariant about the seeded region initialisation order . using this work , we implement some algorithms belongin ←
→ digital restoration of ancient papyri ; image processing can be used for digital restoration of ancient papyri , that is , for a restoration performed on their digital images . the digital manipulation allows reducing the background signals and enhancing the readability of texts . in the case of very old and damaged documents , this is fundamental for identification of the patterns of letters . some examples of restoration , obtained with an image processing which uses edges detection and fourier filtering , are sh ←
→ strategic disclosure of opinions on a social network ; we study the strategic aspects of social influence in a society of agents linked by a trust network , introducing a new class of games called games of influence . a game of influence is an infinite repeated game with incomplete information in which , at each stage of interaction , an agent can make her opinions visible ( public ) or invisible ( private ) in order to influence other agents ' opinions . the influence process is mediated by a trust network , as we as ←
→ symmetry learning for function approximation in reinforcement learning ; in this paper we explore methods to exploit symmetries for ensuring sample efficiency in reinforcement learning ( rl ), this problem deserves ever increasing attention with the recent advances in the use of deep networks for complex rl tasks which require large amount of training data . we introduce a novel method to detect symmetries using reward trails observed during episodic experience and prove its completeness . we also provide a fra ←
→ pre - training attention mechanisms ; recurrent neural networks with differentiable attention mechanisms have had success in generative and classification tasks . we show that the classification performance of such models can be enhanced by guiding a randomly initialized model to attend to salient regions of the input in early training iterations . we further show that , if explicit heuristics for guidance are unavailable , a model that is pretrained on an unsupervised reconstruction task can discover good attent ←
→ classification accuracy improvement for neuromorphic computing systems with one - level precision synapses ; brain inspired neuromorphic computing has demonstrated remarkable advantages over traditional von neumann architecture for its high energy efficiency and parallel data processing . however , the limited resolution of synaptic weights degrades system accuracy and thus impedes the use of neuromorphic systems . in this work , we propose three orthogonal methods to learn synapses with one - level precision , na ←
→ the use of neural networks in the analysis of sleep stages and the diagnosis of narcolepsy ; we used neural networks in ~ 3 , 000 sleep recordings from over 10 locations to automate sleep stage scoring , producing a probability distribution called an hypnodensity graph . accuracy was validated in 70 subjects scored by six technicians ( gold standard ). our best model performed better than any individual scorer , reaching an accuracy of 0 . 87 ( and 0 . 95 when predictions are weighed by scorer agreement ). it also scor ←
→ a non - binary associative memory with exponential pattern retrieval capacity and iterative learning : extended results ; we consider the problem of neural association for a network of non - binary neurons . here , the task is to first memorize a set of patterns using a network of neurons whose states assume values from a finite number of integer levels . later , the same network should be able to recall previously memorized patterns from their noisy versions . prior work in this area consider storing a finite numb ←
→ preterm birth prediction : deriving stable and interpretable rules from high dimensional data ; preterm births occur at an alarming rate of 10 - 15 %. preemies have a higher risk of infant mortality , developmental retardation and long - term disabilities . predicting preterm birth is difficult , even for the most experienced clinicians . the most well - designed clinical study thus far reaches a modest sensitivity of 18 . 2 - 24 . 2 % at specificity of 28 . 6 - 33 . 3 %. we take a different approach by exploiting databases of nor ←
→ prediction and control with temporal segment models ; we introduce a method for learning the dynamics of complex nonlinear systems based on deep generative models over temporal segments of states and actions . unlike dynamics models that operate over individual discrete timesteps , we learn the distribution over future state trajectories conditioned on past state , past action , and planned future action trajectories , as well as a latent prior over action trajectories . our approach is based on convolutional aut ←
→ effective discriminative feature selection with non - trivial solutions ; feature selection and feature transformation , the two main ways to reduce dimensionality , are often presented separately . in this paper , a feature selection method is proposed by combining the popular transformation based dimensionality reduction method linear discriminant analysis ( lda ) and sparsity regularization . we impose row sparsity on the transformation matrix of lda through ${\ ell } _ { 2 , 1 }$- norm regularization to achieve feature s ←
→ freezing and sleeping : tracking experts that learn by evolving past posteriors ; a problem posed by freund is how to efficiently track a small pool of experts out of a much larger set . this problem was solved when bousquet and warmuth introduced their mixing past posteriors ( mpp ) algorithm in 2001 . in freund ' s problem the experts would normally be considered black boxes . however , in this paper we re - examine freund ' s problem in case the experts have internal structure that enables them to learn . in this ←
→ asynchronous stochastic gradient descent with variance reduction for non - convex optimization ; we provide the first theoretical analysis on the convergence rate of the asynchronous stochastic variance reduced gradient ( svrg ) descent algorithm on non - convex optimization . recent studies have shown that the asynchronous stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) based algorithms with variance reduction converge with a linear convergent rate on convex problems . however , there is no work to analyze asynchronous sgd wit ←
→ designing a safe autonomous artificial intelligence agent based on human self - regulation ; there is a growing focus on how to design safe artificial intelligent ( ai ) agents . as systems become more complex , poorly specified goals or control mechanisms may cause ai agents to engage in unwanted and harmful outcomes . thus it is necessary to design ai agents that follow initial programming intentions as the program grows in complexity . how to specify these initial intentions has also been an obstacle to design ←
→ semantics for probabilistic programming : higher - order functions , continuous distributions , and soft constraints ; we study the semantic foundation of expressive probabilistic programming languages , that support higher - order functions , continuous distributions , and soft constraints ( such as anglican , church , and venture ). we define a metalanguage ( an idealised version of anglican ) for probabilistic computation with the above features , develop both operational and denotational semantics , and prove soundness ←
→ algebraic image processing ; we propose an approach to image processing related to algebraic operators acting in the space of images . in view of the interest in the applications in optics and computer science , mathematical aspects of the paper have been simplified as much as possible . underlying theory , related to rigged hilbert spaces and lie algebras , is discussed elsewhere ←
→ explain images with multimodal recurrent neural networks ; in this paper , we present a multimodal recurrent neural network ( m - rnn ) model for generating novel sentence descriptions to explain the content of images . it directly models the probability distribution of generating a word given previous words and the image . image descriptions are generated by sampling from this distribution . the model consists of two sub - networks : a deep recurrent neural network for sentences and a deep convolutional network for i ←
→ pain - free random differential privacy with sensitivity sampling ; popular approaches to differential privacy , such as the laplace and exponential mechanisms , calibrate randomised smoothing through global sensitivity of the target non - private function . bounding such sensitivity is often a prohibitively complex analytic calculation . as an alternative , we propose a straightforward sampler for estimating sensitivity of non - private mechanisms . since our sensitivity estimates hold with high probability , any mecha ←
→ user friendly line captchas ; captchas or reverse turing tests are real - time assessments used by programs ( or computers ) to tell humans and machines apart . this is achieved by assigning and assessing hard ai problems that could only be solved easily by human but not by machines . applications of such assessments range from stopping spammers from automatically filling online forms to preventing hackers from performing dictionary attack . today , the race between makers and breakers of captchas is at a juncture ,←
→ pixelnn : example - based image synthesis ; we present a simple nearest - neighbor ( nn ) approach that synthesizes high - frequency photorealistic images from an " incomplete " signal such as a low - resolution image , a surface normal map , or edges . current state - of - the - art deep generative models designed for such conditional image synthesis lack two important things : ( 1 ) they are unable to generate a large set of diverse outputs , due to the mode collapse problem . ( 2 ) they are not interpretable , making it difficult to ←
→ thinking required ; there exists a theory of a single general - purpose learning algorithm which could explain the principles its operation . it assumes the initial rough architecture , a small library of simple innate circuits which are prewired at birth . and proposes that all significant mental algorithms are learned . given current understanding and observations , this paper reviews and lists the ingredients of such an algorithm from architectural and functional perspectives .←
→ note on evolution and forecasting of requirements : communications example ; combinatorial evolution and forecasting of system requirements is examined . the morphological model is used for a hierarchical requirements system ( i . e ., system parts , design alternatives for the system parts , ordinal estimates for the alternatives ). a set of system changes involves changes of the system structure , component alternatives and their estimates . the composition process of the forecast is based on combinatorial synthes ←
→ multi - input multi - output beta wavelet network : modeling of acoustic units for speech recognition ; in this paper , we propose a novel architecture of wavelet network called multi - input multi - output wavelet network mimown as a generalization of the old architecture of wavelet network . this newel prototype was applied to speech recognition application especially to model acoustic unit of speech . the originality of our work is the proposal of mimown to model acoustic unit of speech . this approach was proposed ←
→ sparse and low rank decomposition based batch image alignment for speckle reduction of retinal oct images ; optical coherence tomography ( oct ) is an emerging technique in the field of biomedical imaging , with applications in ophthalmology , dermatology , coronary imaging etc . due to the underlying physics , oct images usually suffer from a granular pattern , called speckle noise , which restricts the process of interpretation . here , a sparse and low rank decomposition based method is used for speckle reduction ←
→ robust non - local means filter for ultrasound image denoising ; this paper introduces a new approach to non - local means image denoising . instead of using all pixels located in the search window for estimating the value of a pixel , we identify the highly corrupted pixels and assign less weight to these pixels . this method is called robust non - local means . numerical and subjective evaluations using ultrasound images show good performances of the proposed denoising method in recovering the shape of edges and im ←
→ biometric authorization system using gait biometry ; human gait , which is a new biometric aimed to recognize individuals by the way they walk have come to play an increasingly important role in visual surveillance applications . in this paper a novel hybrid holistic approach is proposed to show how behavioural walking characteristics can be used to recognize unauthorized and suspicious persons when they enter a surveillance area . initially background is modelled from the input video captured from cameras dep ←
→ some problems for convex bayesians ; we discuss problems for convex bayesian decision making and uncertainty representation . these include the inability to accommodate various natural and useful constraints and the possibility of an analog of the classical dutch book being made against an agent behaving in accordance with convex bayesian prescriptions . a more general set - based bayesianism may be as tractable and would avoid the difficulties we raise .←
→ diffusion representations ; diffusion maps framework is a kernel based method for manifold learning and data analysis that defines diffusion similarities by imposing a markovian process on the given dataset . analysis by this process uncovers the intrinsic geometric structures in the data . recently , it was suggested to replace the standard kernel by a measure - based kernel that incorporates information about the density of the data . thus , the manifold assumption is replaced by a more general measure - based ass ←
→ block cur : decomposing large distributed matrices ; a common problem in large - scale data analysis is to approximate a matrix using a combination of specifically sampled rows and columns , known as cur decomposition . unfortunately , in many real - world environments , the ability to sample specific individual rows or columns of the matrix is limited by either system constraints or cost . in this paper , we consider matrix approximation by sampling predefined blocks of columns ( or rows ) from the matrix . this regime ←
→ achieving human parity in conversational speech recognition ; conversational speech recognition has served as a flagship speech recognition task since the release of the switchboard corpus in the 1990s . in this paper , we measure the human error rate on the widely used nist 2000 test set , and find that our latest automated system has reached human parity . the error rate of professional transcribers is 5 . 9 % for the switchboard portion of the data , in which newly acquainted pairs of people discuss an assigned ←
→ evolutionary acyclic graph partitioning ; directed graphs are widely used to model data flow and execution dependencies in streaming applications . this enables the utilization of graph partitioning algorithms for the problem of parallelizing computation for multiprocessor architectures . however due to resource restrictions , an acyclicity constraint on the partition is necessary when mapping streaming applications to an embedded multiprocessor . here , we contribute a multi - level algorithm for the acyclic grap ←
→ a review of methodologies for natural - language - facilitated human - robot cooperation ; natural - language - facilitated human - robot cooperation ( nlc ) refers to using natural language ( nl ) to facilitate interactive information sharing and task executions with a common goal constraint between robots and humans . recently , nlc research has received increasing attention . typical nlc scenarios include robotic daily assistance , robotic health caregiving , intelligent manufacturing , autonomous navigation , and robot soci ←
→ single - epoch supernova classification with deep convolutional neural networks ; supernovae type - ia ( sneia ) play a significant role in exploring the history of the expansion of the universe , since they are the best - known standard candles with which we can accurately measure the distance to the objects . finding large samples of sneia and investigating their detailed characteristics have become an important issue in cosmology and astronomy . existing methods relied on a photometric approach that first measure ←
→ unified embedding and metric learning for zero - exemplar event detection ; event detection in unconstrained videos is conceived as a content - based video retrieval with two modalities : textual and visual . given a text describing a novel event , the goal is to rank related videos accordingly . this task is zero - exemplar , no video examples are given to the novel event . related works train a bank of concept detectors on external data sources . these detectors predict confidence scores for test videos , which are r ←
→ detecting and resolving spatial ambiguity in text using named entity extraction and self learning fuzzy logic techniques ; information extraction identifies useful and relevant text in a document and converts unstructured text into a form that can be loaded into a database table . named entity extraction is a main task in the process of information extraction and is a classification problem in which words are assigned to one or more semantic classes or to a default non - entity class . a word which can belong ←
→ im2flow : motion hallucination from static images for action recognition ; existing methods to recognize actions in static images take the images at their face value , learning the appearances --- objects , scenes , and body poses --- that distinguish each action class . however , such models are deprived of the rich dynamic structure and motions that also define human activity . we propose an approach that hallucinates the unobserved future motion implied by a single snapshot to help static - image action recognition . ←
→ an ontology based modeling framework for design of educational technologies ; despite rapid progress , most of the educational technologies today lack a strong instructional design knowledge basis leading to questionable quality of instruction . in addition , a major challenge is to customize these educational technologies for a wide range of instructional designs . ontologies are one of the pertinent mechanisms to represent instructional design in the literature . however , existing approaches do not support m ←
→ induction of word and phrase alignments for automatic document summarization ; current research in automatic single document summarization is dominated by two effective , yet naive approaches : summarization by sentence extraction , and headline generation via bag - of - words models . while successful in some tasks , neither of these models is able to adequately capture the large set of linguistic devices utilized by humans when they produce summaries . one possible explanation for the widespread use of these mode ←
→ representing heuristic knowledge in d - s theory ; the dempster - shafer theory of evidence has been used intensively to deal with uncertainty in knowledge - based systems . however the representation of uncertain relationships between evidence and hypothesis groups ( heuristic knowledge ) is still a major research problem . this paper presents an approach to representing such heuristic knowledge by evidential mappings which are defined on the basis of mass functions . the relationships between evidential mappings and ←
→ confidence - constrained joint sparsity recovery under the poisson noise model ; our work is focused on the joint sparsity recovery problem where the common sparsity pattern is corrupted by poisson noise . we formulate the confidence - constrained optimization problem in both least squares ( ls ) and maximum likelihood ( ml ) frameworks and study the conditions for perfect reconstruction of the original row sparsity and row sparsity pattern . however , the confidence - constrained optimization problem is non - convex . u ←
→ soft scheduling ; classical notions of disjunctive and cumulative scheduling are studied from the point of view of soft constraint satisfaction . soft disjunctive scheduling is introduced as an instance of soft csp and preferences included in this problem are applied to generate a lower bound based on existing discrete capacity resource . timetabling problems at purdue university and faculty of informatics at masaryk university considering individual course requirements of students demonstrate practical probl ←
→ reconstruction of complex - valued fractional brownian motion fields based on compressive sampling and its application to psf interpolation in weak lensing survey ; a new reconstruction method of complex - valued fractional brownian motion ( cv - fbm ) field based on compressive sampling ( cs ) is proposed . the decay property of fourier coefficients magnitude of the fbm signals / fields indicates that fbms are compressible . therefore , a few numbers of samples will be sufficient for a cs based method to reconstruct ←
→ authorship verification - an approach based on random forest ; authorship attribution , being an important problem in many areas in - cluding information retrieval , computational linguistics , law and journalism etc ., has been identified as a subject of increasingly research interest in the re - cent years . in case of author identification task in pan at clef 2015 , the main focus was given on cross - genre and cross - topic author verification tasks . we have used several word - based and style - based features to identif ←
→ multimodal prediction and personalization of photo edits with deep generative models ; professional - grade software applications are powerful but complicated $-$ expert users can achieve impressive results , but novices often struggle to complete even basic tasks . photo editing is a prime example : after loading a photo , the user is confronted with an array of cryptic sliders like " clarity ", " temp ", and " highlights ". an automatically generated suggestion could help , but there is no single " correct " edit for a ←
→ fixed - point and coordinate descent algorithms for regularized kernel methods ; in this paper , we study two general classes of optimization algorithms for kernel methods with convex loss function and quadratic norm regularization , and analyze their convergence . the first approach , based on fixed - point iterations , is simple to implement and analyze , and can be easily parallelized . the second , based on coordinate descent , exploits the structure of additively separable loss functions to compute solutions of l ←
→ multi - modality fusion based on consensus - voting and 3d convolution for isolated gesture recognition ; recently , the popularity of depth - sensors such as kinect has made depth videos easily available while its advantages have not been fully exploited . this paper investigates , for gesture recognition , to explore the spatial and temporal information complementarily embedded in rgb and depth sequences . we propose a convolutional twostream consensus voting network ( 2scvn ) which explicitly models both the short -←
→ a survey of data mining techniques for social media analysis ; social network has gained remarkable attention in the last decade . accessing social network sites such as twitter , facebook linkedin and google + through the internet and the web 2 . 0 technologies has become more affordable . people are becoming more interested in and relying on social network for information , news and opinion of other users on diverse subject matters . the heavy reliance on social network sites causes them to generate massive data ←
→ greedy stochastic algorithms for entropy - regularized optimal transport problems ; optimal transport ( ot ) distances are finding evermore applications in machine learning and computer vision , but their wide spread use in larger - scale problems is impeded by their high computational cost . in this work we develop a family of fast and practical stochastic algorithms for solving the optimal transport problem with an entropic penalization . this work extends the recently developed greenkhorn algorithm , in the sens ←
→ efficient estimation of word representations in vector space ; we propose two novel model architectures for computing continuous vector representations of words from very large data sets . the quality of these representations is measured in a word similarity task , and the results are compared to the previously best performing techniques based on different types of neural networks . we observe large improvements in accuracy at much lower computational cost , i . e . it takes less than a day to learn high quality w ←
→ mobile phone based vehicle license plate recognition for road policing ; identity of a vehicle is done through the vehicle license plate by traffic police in general . au - tomatic vehicle license plate recognition has several applications in intelligent traffic management systems . the security situation across the globe and particularly in india demands a need to equip the traffic police with a system that enables them to get instant details of a vehicle . the system should be easy to use , should be mobile , a ←
→ hidden parameter markov decision processes : a semiparametric regression approach for discovering latent task parametrizations ; control applications often feature tasks with similar , but not identical , dynamics . we introduce the hidden parameter markov decision process ( hip - mdp ), a framework that parametrizes a family of related dynamical systems with a low - dimensional set of latent factors , and introduce a semiparametric regression approach for learning its structure from data . in the control setting , we ←
→ generalized conditional gradient for sparse estimation ; structured sparsity is an important modeling tool that expands the applicability of convex formulations for data analysis , however it also creates significant challenges for efficient algorithm design . in this paper we investigate the generalized conditional gradient ( gcg ) algorithm for solving structured sparse optimization problems --- demonstrating that , with some enhancements , it can provide a more efficient alternative to current state of the art a ←
→ a revisit of hashing algorithms for approximate nearest neighbor search ; approximate nearest neighbor search ( anns ) is a fundamental problem in many areas of machine learning and data mining . during the past decade , numerous hashing algorithms are proposed to solve this problem . every proposed algorithm claims outperform other state - of - the - art hashing algorithms . however , the evaluation of these hashing papers was not thorough enough , and those claims should be re - examined . the ultimate goal of an anns met ←
→ an asymptotically optimal policy for uniform bandits of unknown support ; consider the problem of a controller sampling sequentially from a finite number of $ n \ geq 2 $ populations , specified by random variables $ x ^ i_k $, $ i = 1 ,\ ldots , n ,$ and $ k = 1 , 2 , \ ldots $; where $ x ^ i_k $ denotes the outcome from population $ i $ the $ k ^{ th }$ time it is sampled . it is assumed that for each fixed $ i $, $\{ x ^ i_k \} _ { k \ geq 1 }$ is a sequence of i . i . d . uniform random variables over some interval $[ a_i , b_i ]$, with the suppo ←
→ evaluating topic coherence measures ; topic models extract representative word sets - called topics - from word counts in documents without requiring any semantic annotations . topics are not guaranteed to be well interpretable , therefore , coherence measures have been proposed to distinguish between good and bad topics . studies of topic coherence so far are limited to measures that score pairs of individual words . for the first time , we include coherence measures from scientific philosophy that score pairs o ←
→ robust federated learning using admm in the presence of data falsifying byzantines ; in this paper , we consider the problem of federated ( or decentralized ) learning using admm with multiple agents . we consider a scenario where a certain fraction of agents ( referred to as byzantines ) provide falsified data to the system . in this context , we study the convergence behavior of the decentralized admm algorithm . we show that admm converges linearly to a neighborhood of the solution to the problem under certain ←
→ a convolutional attention network for extreme summarization of source code ; attention mechanisms in neural networks have proved useful for problems in which the input and output do not have fixed dimension . often there exist features that are locally translation invariant and would be valuable for directing the model ' s attention , but previous attentional architectures are not constructed to learn such features specifically . we introduce an attentional neural network that employs convolution on the input ←
→ neural amr : sequence - to - sequence models for parsing and generation ; sequence - to - sequence models have shown strong performance across a broad range of applications . however , their application to parsing and generating text usingabstract meaning representation ( amr ) has been limited , due to the relatively limited amount of labeled data and the non - sequential nature of the amr graphs . we present a novel training procedure that can lift this limitation using millions of unlabeled sentences and careful preproces ←
→ a robust point sets matching method ; point sets matching method is very important in computer vision , feature extraction , fingerprint matching , motion estimation and so on . this paper proposes a robust point sets matching method . we present an iterative algorithm that is robust to noise case . firstly , we calculate all transformations between two points . then similarity matrix are computed to measure the possibility that two transformation are both true . we iteratively update the matching score matrix by us ←
→ single - view food portion estimation : learning image - to - energy mappings using generative adversarial networks ; due to the growing concern of chronic diseases and other health problems related to diet , there is a need to develop accurate methods to estimate an individual ' s food and energy intake . measuring accurate dietary intake is an open research problem . in particular , accurate food portion estimation is challenging since the process of food preparation and consumption impose large variations on food s ←
→ iterative deep learning for network topology extraction ; this paper tackles the task of estimating the topology of filamentary networks such as retinal vessels and road networks . building on top of a global model that performs a dense semantical classification of the pixels of the image , we design a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) that predicts the local connectivity between the central pixel of an input patch and its border points . by iterating this local connectivity we sweep the whole image and infer ←
→ graphical fermat ' s principle and triangle - free graph estimation ; we consider the problem of estimating undirected triangle - free graphs of high dimensional distributions . triangle - free graphs form a rich graph family which allows arbitrary loopy structures but 3 - cliques . for inferential tractability , we propose a graphical fermat ' s principle to regularize the distribution family . such principle enforces the existence of a distribution - dependent pseudo - metric such that any two nodes have a smaller distance t ←
→ occlusion - aware video deblurring with a new layered blur model ; we present a deblurring method for scenes with occluding objects using a carefully designed layered blur model . layered blur model is frequently used in the motion deblurring problem to handle locally varying blurs , which is caused by object motions or depth variations in a scene . however , conventional models have a limitation in representing the layer interactions occurring at occlusion boundaries . in this paper , we address this limitation in ←
→ zero - temperature limit of a convergent algorithm to minimize the bethe free energy ; after the discovery that fixed points of loopy belief propagation coincide with stationary points of the bethe free energy , several researchers proposed provably convergent algorithms to directly minimize the bethe free energy . these algorithms were formulated only for non - zero temperature ( thus finding fixed points of the sum - product algorithm ) and their possible extension to zero temperature is not obvious . we present t ←
→ fast planar correlation clustering for image segmentation ; we describe a new optimization scheme for finding high - quality correlation clusterings in planar graphs that uses weighted perfect matching as a subroutine . our method provides lower - bounds on the energy of the optimal correlation clustering that are typically fast to compute and tight in practice . we demonstrate our algorithm on the problem of image segmentation where this approach outperforms existing global optimization techniques in minimizing ←
→ brute - force facial landmark analysis with a 140 , 000 - way classifier ; we propose a simple approach to visual alignment , focusing on the illustrative task of facial landmark estimation . while most prior work treats this as a regression problem , we instead formulate it as a discrete $ k $- way classification task , where a classifier is trained to return one of $ k $ discrete alignments . one crucial benefit of a classifier is the ability to report back a ( softmax ) distribution over putative alignments . we demonstrat ←
→ the vglc : the video game level corpus ; levels are a key component of many different video games , and a large body of work has been produced on how to procedurally generate game levels . recently , machine learning techniques have been applied to video game level generation towards the purpose of automatically generating levels that have the properties of the training corpus . towards that end we have made available a corpora of video game levels in an easy to parse format ideal for different machine learning ←
→ optimization of structured mean field objectives ; in intractable , undirected graphical models , an intuitive way of creating structured mean field approximations is to select an acyclic tractable subgraph . we show that the hardness of computing the objective function and gradient of the mean field objective qualitatively depends on a simple graph property . if the tractable subgraph has this property - we call such subgraphs v - acyclic - a very fast block coordinate ascent algorithm is possible . if not , optimiza ←
→ alpha - expansion is exact on stable instances ; approximate algorithms for structured prediction problems --- such as the popular alpha - expansion algorithm ( boykov et al . 2001 ) in computer vision --- typically far exceed their theoretical performance guarantees on real - world instances . these algorithms often find solutions that are very close to optimal . the goal of this paper is to partially explain the performance of alpha - expansion on map inference in ferromagnetic potts models ( fpms ). our main results use th ←
→ cancer prognosis prediction using balanced stratified sampling ; high accuracy in cancer prediction is important to improve the quality of the treatment and to improve the rate of survivability of patients . as the data volume is increasing rapidly in the healthcare research , the analytical challenge exists in double . the use of effective sampling technique in classification algorithms always yields good prediction accuracy . the seer public use cancer database provides various prominent class labels for prog ←
→ bad universal priors and notions of optimality ; a big open question of algorithmic information theory is the choice of the universal turing machine ( utm ). for kolmogorov complexity and solomonoff induction we have invariance theorems : the choice of the utm changes bounds only by a constant . for the universally intelligent agent aixi ( hutter , 2005 ) no invariance theorem is known . our results are entirely negative : we discuss cases in which unlucky or adversarial choices of the utm cause aixi to misbehave dr ←
→ haploid - diploid evolutionary algorithms ; this paper uses the recent idea that the fundamental haploid - diploid lifecycle of eukaryotic organisms implements a rudimentary form of learning within evolution . a general approach for evolutionary computation is here derived that differs from all previous known work using diploid representations . the primary role of recombination is also changed from that previously considered in both natural and artificial evolution under the new view . using well - known abstract t ←
→ hilditchs algorithm based tamil character recognition ; character identification plays a vital role in the contemporary world of image processing . it can solve many composite problems and makes humans work easier . an instance is handwritten character detection . handwritten recognition is not a novel expertise , but it has not gained community notice until now . the eventual aim of designing handwritten character recognition structure with an accurateness rate of 100 % is pretty illusionary . tamil handwritten c ←
→ online and adaptive pseudoinverse solutions for elm weights ; the elm method has become widely used for classification and regressions problems as a result of its accuracy , simplicity and ease of use . the solution of the hidden layer weights by means of a matrix pseudoinverse operation is a significant contributor to the utility of the method ; however , the conventional calculation of the pseudoinverse by means of a singular value decomposition ( svd ) is not always practical for large data sets or for online ←
→ a scale mixture perspective of multiplicative noise in neural networks ; corrupting the input and hidden layers of deep neural networks ( dnns ) with multiplicative noise , often drawn from the bernoulli distribution ( or ' dropout '), provides regularization that has significantly contributed to deep learning ' s success . however , understanding how multiplicative corruptions prevent overfitting has been difficult due to the complexity of a dnn ' s functional form . in this paper , we show that when a gaussian prior is ←
→ stacked attention networks for image question answering ; this paper presents stacked attention networks ( sans ) that learn to answer natural language questions from images . sans use semantic representation of a question as query to search for the regions in an image that are related to the answer . we argue that image question answering ( qa ) often requires multiple steps of reasoning . thus , we develop a multiple - layer san in which we query an image multiple times to infer the answer progressively . experiment ←
→ action recognition : from static datasets to moving robots ; deep learning models have achieved state - of - the - art performance in recognizing human activities , but often rely on utilizing background cues present in typical computer vision datasets that predominantly have a stationary camera . if these models are to be employed by autonomous robots in real world environments , they must be adapted to perform independently of background cues and camera motion effects . to address these challenges , we propose a new ←
→ multi - objective differential evolution with helper functions for constrained optimization ; solving constrained optimization problems by multi - objective evolutionary algorithms has scored tremendous achievements in the last decade . standard multi - objective schemes usually aim at minimizing the objective function and also the degree of constraint violation simultaneously . this paper proposes a new multi - objective method for solving constrained optimization problems . the new method keeps two standard object ←
→ learning hidden structures with relational models by adequately involving rich information in a network ; effectively modelling hidden structures in a network is very practical but theoretically challenging . existing relational models only involve very limited information , namely the binary directional link data , embedded in a network to learn hidden networking structures . there is other rich and meaningful information ( e . g ., various attributes of entities and more granular information than binary element ←
→ low - rank optimization for distance matrix completion ; this paper addresses the problem of low - rank distance matrix completion . this problem amounts to recover the missing entries of a distance matrix when the dimension of the data embedding space is possibly unknown but small compared to the number of considered data points . the focus is on high - dimensional problems . we recast the considered problem into an optimization problem over the set of low - rank positive semidefinite matrices and propose two efficie ←
→ interval - based decisions for reasoning systems ; this essay looks at decision - making with interval - valued probability measures . existing decision methods have either supplemented expected utility methods with additional criteria of optimality , or have attempted to supplement the interval - valued measures . we advocate a new approach , which makes the following questions moot : 1 . which additional criteria to use , and 2 . how wide intervals should be . in order to implement the approach , we need more epistemologic ←
→ a new strategy of cost - free learning in the class imbalance problem ; in this work , we define cost - free learning ( cfl ) formally in comparison with cost - sensitive learning ( csl ). the main difference between them is that a cfl approach seeks optimal classification results without requiring any cost information , even in the class imbalance problem . in fact , several cfl approaches exist in the related studies , such as sampling and some criteria - based pproaches . however , to our best knowledge , none of the existi ←
→ development of a vo registry subject ontology using automated methods ; we report on our initial work to automate the generation of a domain ontology using subject fields of resources held in the virtual observatory registry . preliminary results are comparable to more generalized ontology learning software currently in use . we expect to be able to refine our solution to improve both the depth and breadth of the generated ontology .←
→ feature generating networks for zero - shot learning ; suffering from the extreme training data imbalance between seen and unseen classes , most of existing state - of - the - art approaches fail to achieve satisfactory results for the challenging generalized zero - shot learning task . to circumvent the need for labeled examples of unseen classes , we propose a novel generative adversarial network ( gan ) that synthesizes cnn features conditioned on class - level semantic information , offering a shortcut directly from a se ←
→ a proposed decision support system / expert system for guiding fresh students in selecting a faculty in gomal university , pakistan ; this paper presents the design and development of a proposed rule based decision support system that will help students in selecting the best suitable faculty / major decision while taking admission in gomal university , dera ismail khan , pakistan . the basic idea of our approach is to design a model for testing and measuring the student capabilities like intelligence , understandi ←
→ depth map prediction from a single image using a multi - scale deep network ; predicting depth is an essential component in understanding the 3d geometry of a scene . while for stereo images local correspondence suffices for estimation , finding depth relations from a single image is less straightforward , requiring integration of both global and local information from various cues . moreover , the task is inherently ambiguous , with a large source of uncertainty coming from the overall scale . in this paper , we p ←
→ on consistency of optimal pricing algorithms in repeated posted - price auctions with strategic buyer ; we study revenue optimization learning algorithms for repeated posted - price auctions where a seller interacts with a single strategic buyer that holds a fixed private valuation for a good and seeks to maximize his cumulative discounted surplus . for this setting , first , we propose a novel algorithm that never decreases offered prices and has a tight strategic regret bound in $\ theta (\ log \ log t )$ under some ←
→ what do deep networks like to see ? ; we propose a novel way to measure and understand convolutional neural networks by quantifying the amount of input signal they let in . to do this , an autoencoder ( ae ) was fine - tuned on gradients from a pre - trained classifier with fixed parameters . we compared the reconstructed samples from aes that were fine - tuned on a set of image classifiers ( alexnet , vgg16 , resnet - 50 , and inception ~ v3 ) and found substantial differences . the ae learns which aspects of the input space to ←
→ comparison - based choices ; a broad range of on - line behaviors are mediated by interfaces in which people make choices among sets of options . a rich and growing line of work in the behavioral sciences indicate that human choices follow not only from the utility of alternatives , but also from the choice set in which alternatives are presented . in this work we study comparison - based choice functions , a simple but surprisingly rich class of functions capable of exhibiting so - called choice - set effects . motivated ←
→ going deeper with contextual cnn for hyperspectral image classification ; in this paper , we describe a novel deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) that is deeper and wider than other existing deep networks for hyperspectral image classification . unlike current state - of - the - art approaches in cnn - based hyperspectral image classification , the proposed network , called contextual deep cnn , can optimally explore local contextual interactions by jointly exploiting local spatio - spectral relationships of neighbori ←
→ advances in domain independent linear text segmentation ; this paper describes a method for linear text segmentation which is twice as accurate and over seven times as fast as the state - of - the - art ( reynar , 1998 ). inter - sentence similarity is replaced by rank in the local context . boundary locations are discovered by divisive clustering .←
→ distance dependent chinese restaurant processes ; we develop the distance dependent chinese restaurant process ( crp ), a flexible class of distributions over partitions that allows for non - exchangeability . this class can be used to model many kinds of dependencies between data in infinite clustering models , including dependencies across time or space . we examine the properties of the distance dependent crp , discuss its connections to bayesian nonparametric mixture models , and derive a gibbs sampler for both ←
→ an efficient high - quality hierarchical clustering algorithm for automatic inference of software architecture from the source code of a software system ; it is a high - quality algorithm for hierarchical clustering of large software source code . this effectively allows to break the complexity of tens of millions lines of source code , so that a human software engineer can comprehend a software system at high level by means of looking at its architectural diagram that is reconstructed automatically from the ←
→ leveraging cognitive features for sentiment analysis ; sentiments expressed in user - generated short text and sentences are nuanced by subtleties at lexical , syntactic , semantic and pragmatic levels . to address this , we propose to augment traditional features used for sentiment analysis and sarcasm detection , with cognitive features derived from the eye - movement patterns of readers . statistical classification using our enhanced feature set improves the performance ( f - score ) of polarity detection by a maximum ←
→ altecondb : a large - vocabulary arabic online handwriting recognition database ; arabic is a semitic language characterized by a complex and rich morphology . the exceptional degree of ambiguity in the writing system , the rich morphology , and the highly complex word formation process of roots and patterns all contribute to making computational approaches to arabic very challenging . as a result , a practical handwriting recognition system should support large vocabulary to provide a high coverage and use the c ←
→ syntactic variation of support verb constructions ; we report experiments about the syntactic variations of support verb constructions , a special type of multiword expressions ( mwes ) containing predicative nouns . in these expressions , the noun can occur with or without the verb , with no clear - cut semantic difference . we extracted from a large french corpus a set of examples of the two situations and derived statistical results from these data . the extraction involved large - coverage language resources and fi ←
→ svm - based multiview face recognition by generalization of discriminant analysis ; identity verification of authentic persons by their multiview faces is a real valued problem in machine vision . multiview faces are having difficulties due to non - linear representation in the feature space . this paper illustrates the usability of the generalization of lda in the form of canonical covariate for face recognition to multiview faces . in the proposed work , the gabor filter bank is used to extract facial features ←
→ unsupervised discovery of morphologically related words based on orthographic and semantic similarity ; we present an algorithm that takes an unannotated corpus as its input , and returns a ranked list of probable morphologically related pairs as its output . the algorithm tries to discover morphologically related pairs by looking for pairs that are both orthographically and semantically similar , where orthographic similarity is measured in terms of minimum edit distance , and semantic similarity is measured ←
→ large - scale multi - label learning with incomplete label assignments ; multi - label learning deals with the classification problems where each instance can be assigned with multiple labels simultaneously . conventional multi - label learning approaches mainly focus on exploiting label correlations . it is usually assumed , explicitly or implicitly , that the label sets for training instances are fully labeled without any missing labels . however , in many real - world multi - label datasets , the label assignments for trai ←
→ sensor fusion for robot control through deep reinforcement learning ; deep reinforcement learning is becoming increasingly popular for robot control algorithms , with the aim for a robot to self - learn useful feature representations from unstructured sensory input leading to the optimal actuation policy . in addition to sensors mounted on the robot , sensors might also be deployed in the environment , although these might need to be accessed via an unreliable wireless connection . in this paper , we demonstrate de ←
→ parallel local search for solving constraint problems on the cell broadband engine ( preliminary results ) ; we explore the use of the cell broadband engine ( cell / be for short ) for combinatorial optimization applications : we present a parallel version of a constraint - based local search algorithm that has been implemented on a multiprocessor bladecenter machine with twin cell / be processors ( total of 16 spus per blade ). this algorithm was chosen because it fits very well the cell / be architecture and requires ←
→ multi - class detection and segmentation of objects in depth ; the quality of life of many people could be improved by autonomous humanoid robots in the home . to function in the human world , a humanoid household robot must be able to locate itself and perceive the environment like a human ; scene perception , object detection and segmentation , and object spatial localization in 3d are fundamental capabilities for such humanoid robots . this paper presents a 3d multi - class object detection and segmentation method ←
→ rand - walk : a latent variable model approach to word embeddings ; semantic word embeddings represent the meaning of a word via a vector , and are created by diverse methods . many use nonlinear operations on co - occurrence statistics , and have hand - tuned hyperparameters and reweighting methods . this paper proposes a new generative model , a dynamic version of the log - linear topic model of ~\ citet { mnih2007three }. the methodological novelty is to use the prior to compute closed form expressions for word statistic ←
→ parkinson ' s disease digital biomarker discovery with optimized transitions and inferred markov emissions ; we search for digital biomarkers from parkinson ' s disease by observing approximate repetitive patterns matching hypothesized step and stride periodic cycles . these observations were modeled as a cycle of hidden states with randomness allowing deviation from a canonical pattern of transitions and emissions , under the hypothesis that the averaged features of hidden states would serve to informatively c ←
→ interpretable classifiers using rules and bayesian analysis : building a better stroke prediction model ; we aim to produce predictive models that are not only accurate , but are also interpretable to human experts . our models are decision lists , which consist of a series of if ... then ... statements ( e . g ., if high blood pressure , then stroke ) that discretize a high - dimensional , multivariate feature space into a series of simple , readily interpretable decision statements . we introduce a generative model calle ←
→ adaptive base class boost for multi - class classification ; we develop the concept of abc - boost ( adaptive base class boost ) for multi - class classification and present abc - mart , a concrete implementation of abc - boost . the original mart ( multiple additive regression trees ) algorithm has been very successful in large - scale applications . for binary classification , abc - mart recovers mart . for multi - class classification , abc - mart considerably improves mart , as evaluated on several public data sets .←
→ icdar2017 competition on reading chinese text in the wild ( rctw - 17 ) ; chinese is the most widely used language in the world . algorithms that read chinese text in natural images facilitate applications of various kinds . despite the large potential value , datasets and competitions in the past primarily focus on english , which bares very different characteristics than chinese . this report introduces rctw , a new competition that focuses on chinese text reading . the competition features a large - scale dataset wit ←
→ the social dynamics of language change in online networks ; language change is a complex social phenomenon , revealing pathways of communication and sociocultural influence . but , while language change has long been a topic of study in sociolinguistics , traditional linguistic research methods rely on circumstantial evidence , estimating the direction of change from differences between older and younger speakers . in this paper , we use a data set of several million twitter users to track language changes in prog ←
→ poisson multi - bernoulli mixture filter : direct derivation and implementation ; we provide a derivation of the poisson multi - bernoulli mixture ( pmbm ) filter for multi - target tracking with the standard point target measurements without using probability generating functionals or functional derivatives . we also establish the connection with the \ delta - generalised labelled multi - bernoulli (\ delta - glmb ) filter , showing that a \ delta - glmb density represents a multi - bernoulli mixture with labelled targets so it ←
→ disguised face identification ( dfi ) with facial keypoints using spatial fusion convolutional network ; disguised face identification ( dfi ) is an extremely challenging problem due to the numerous variations that can be introduced using different disguises . this paper introduces a deep learning framework to first detect 14 facial key - points which are then utilized to perform disguised face identification . since the training of deep learning architectures relies on large annotated datasets , two annotated fac ←
→ eye - guide ( eye - gaze user interface design ) messaging for physically - impaired people ; eye - guide is an assistive communication tool designed for the paralyzed or physically impaired people who were unable to move parts of their bodies especially people whose communications are limited only to eye movements . the prototype consists of a camera and a computer . camera captures images then it will be send to the computer , where the computer will be the one to interpret the data . thus , eye - guide focuses on camer ←
→ streaming view learning ; an underlying assumption in conventional multi - view learning algorithms is that all views can be simultaneously accessed . however , due to various factors when collecting and pre - processing data from different views , the streaming view setting , in which views arrive in a streaming manner , is becoming more common . by assuming that the subspaces of a multi - view model trained over past views are stable , here we fine tune their combination weights such that the well - trained multi - view m ←
→ contour and centreline tracking of vessels from angiograms using the classical image processing techniques ; this article deals with the problem of vessel edge and centerline detection using classical image processing techniques due to their simpleness and easiness to be implemented . the method is divided into four steps : the vessel enhancement which implies a non - linear filtering proposed by frangi , the thresholding using otsu method and the contour detection using the canny edge detector due to its good ←
→ a joint speaker - listener - reinforcer model for referring expressions ; referring expressions are natural language constructions used to identify particular objects within a scene . in this paper , we propose a unified framework for the tasks of referring expression comprehension and generation . our model is composed of three modules : speaker , listener , and reinforcer . the speaker generates referring expressions , the listener comprehends referring expressions , and the reinforcer introduces a reward function to ←
→ evaluation of genotypic diversity measurements exploited in real - coded representation ; numerous genotypic diversity measures ( gdms ) are available in the literature to assess the convergence status of an evolutionary algorithm ( ea ) or describe its search behavior . in a recent study , the authors of this paper drew attention to the need for a gdm validation framework . in response , this study proposes three requirements ( monotonicity in individual varieties , twinning , and monotonicity in distance ) that can c ←
→ mode - seeking clustering and density ridge estimation via direct estimation of density - derivative - ratios ; modes and ridges of the probability density function behind observed data are useful geometric features . mode - seeking clustering assigns cluster labels by associating data samples with the nearest modes , and estimation of density ridges enables us to find lower - dimensional structures hidden in data . a key technical challenge both in mode - seeking clustering and density ridge estimation is accurate esti ←
→ context - aware single - shot detector ; ssd is one of the state - of - the - art object detection algorithms , and it combines high detection accuracy with real - time speed . however , it is widely recognized that ssd is less accurate in detecting small objects compared to large objects , because it ignores the context from outside the proposal boxes . in this paper , we present cssd -- a shorthand for context - aware single - shot multibox object detector . cssd is built on top of ssd , with additional layers modeling multi - scale ←
→ monet : moments embedding network ; bilinear pooling has been recently proposed as a feature encoding layer , which can be used after the convolutional layers of a deep network , to improve performance in multiple vision tasks . instead of conventional global average pooling or fully connected layer , bilinear pooling gathers 2nd order information in a translation invariant fashion . however , a serious drawback of this family of pooling layers is their dimensionality explosion . approximate pooling methods with co ←
→ automatic generation of probabilistic programming from time series data ; probabilistic programming languages represent complex data with intermingled models in a few lines of code . efficient inference algorithms in probabilistic programming languages make possible to build unified frameworks to compute interesting probabilities of various large , real - world problems . when the structure of model is given , constructing a probabilistic program is rather straightforward . thus , main focus have been to learn the ←
→ semantic refinement gru - based neural language generation for spoken dialogue systems ; natural language generation ( nlg ) plays a critical role in spoken dialogue systems . this paper presents a new approach to nlg by using recurrent neural networks ( rnn ), in which a gating mechanism is applied before rnn computation . this allows the proposed model to generate appropriate sentences . the rnn - based generator can be learned from unaligned data by jointly training sentence planning and surface realization to pr ←
→ empirical evaluation of parallel training algorithms on acoustic modeling ; deep learning models ( dlms ) are state - of - the - art techniques in speech recognition . however , training good dlms can be time consuming especially for production - size models and corpora . although several parallel training algorithms have been proposed to improve training efficiency , there is no clear guidance on which one to choose for the task in hand due to lack of systematic and fair comparison among them . in this paper we aim at ←
→ facial expression detection using patch - based eigen - face isomap networks ; automated facial expression detection problem pose two primary challenges that include variations in expression and facial occlusions ( glasses , beard , mustache or face covers ). in this paper we introduce a novel automated patch creation technique that masks a particular region of interest in the face , followed by eigen - value decomposition of the patched faces and generation of isomaps to detect underlying clustering patterns among fa ←
→ know - evolve : deep temporal reasoning for dynamic knowledge graphs ; the availability of large scale event data with time stamps has given rise to dynamically evolving knowledge graphs that contain temporal information for each edge . reasoning over time in such dynamic knowledge graphs is not yet well understood . to this end , we present know - evolve , a novel deep evolutionary knowledge network that learns non - linearly evolving entity representations over time . the occurrence of a fact ( edge ) is modeled as a m ←
→ complex politics : a quantitative semantic and topological analysis of uk house of commons debates ; this study is a first , exploratory attempt to use quantitative semantics techniques and topological analysis to analyze systemic patterns arising in a complex political system . in particular , we use a rich data set covering all speeches and debates in the uk house of commons between 1975 and 2014 . by the use of dynamic topic modeling ( dtm ) and topological data analysis ( tda ) we show that both members and pa ←
→ backpropagation generalized for output derivatives ; backpropagation algorithm is the cornerstone for neural network analysis . paper extends it for training any derivatives of neural network ' s output with respect to its input . by the dint of it feedforward networks can be used to solve or verify solutions of partial or simple , linear or nonlinear differential equations . this method vastly differs from traditional ones like finite differences on a mesh . it contains no approximations , but rather an exact form ←
→ structured stochastic linear bandits ; the stochastic linear bandit problem proceeds in rounds where at each round the algorithm selects a vector from a decision set after which it receives a noisy linear loss parameterized by an unknown vector . the goal in such a problem is to minimize the ( pseudo ) regret which is the difference between the total expected loss of the algorithm and the total expected loss of the best fixed vector in hindsight . in this paper , we consider settings where the unknown parameter ←
→ active learning amidst logical knowledge ; structured prediction is ubiquitous in applications of machine learning such as knowledge extraction and natural language processing . structure often can be formulated in terms of logical constraints . we consider the question of how to perform efficient active learning in the presence of logical constraints among variables inferred by different classifiers . we propose several methods and provide theoretical results that demonstrate the inappropriateness of employin ←
→ autoscaler : scale - attention networks for visual correspondence ; finding visual correspondence between local features is key to many computer vision problems . while defining features with larger contextual scales usually implies greater discriminativeness , it could also lead to less spatial accuracy of the features . we propose autoscaler , a scale - attention network to explicitly optimize this trade - off in visual correspondence tasks . our network consists of a weight - sharing feature network to compute multi - s ←
→ incorporating both distributional and relational semantics in word representations ; we investigate the hypothesis that word representations ought to incorporate both distributional and relational semantics . to this end , we employ the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ), which flexibly optimizes a distributional objective on raw text and a relational objective on wordnet . preliminary results on knowledge base completion , analogy tests , and parsing show that word representations trained on b ←
→ clustering of data with missing entries using non - convex fusion penalties ; the presence of missing entries in data often creates challenges for pattern recognition algorithms . traditional algorithms for clustering data assume that all the feature values are known for every data point . we propose a method to cluster data in the presence of missing information . unlike conventional clustering techniques where every feature is known for each point , our algorithm can handle cases where a few feature values ar ←
→ random projections on manifolds of symmetric positive definite matrices for image classification ; recent advances suggest that encoding images through symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrices and then interpreting such matrices as points on riemannian manifolds can lead to increased classification performance . taking into account manifold geometry is typically done via ( 1 ) embedding the manifolds in tangent spaces , or ( 2 ) embedding into reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ( rkhs ). while embedding into tan ←
→ cross - sensor iris recognition : lg4000 - to - lg2200 comparison ; cross - sensor comparison experimental results reported here show that the procedure defined and simulated during the cross - sensor comparison competition 2013 by our team for migrating / upgrading lg2200 based to lg4000 based biometric systems leads to better lg4000 - to - lg2200 cross - sensor iris recognition results than previously reported , both in terms of user comfort and in terms of system safety . on the other hand , lg2200 - to - lg400 migration / upgrad ←
→ an integer programming model for binary knapsack problem with value - related dependencies among elements ; binary knapsack problem ( bkp ) is to select a subset of an element ( item ) set with the highest value while keeping the total weight within the capacity of the knapsack . this paper presents an integer programming model for a variation of bkp where the value of each element may depend on selecting or ignoring other elements . strengths of such value - related dependencies are assumed to be imprecise and har ←
→ nested variational compression in deep gaussian processes ; deep gaussian processes provide a flexible approach to probabilistic modelling of data using either supervised or unsupervised learning . for tractable inference approximations to the marginal likelihood of the model must be made . the original approach to approximate inference in these models used variational compression to allow for approximate variational marginalization of the hidden variables leading to a lower bound on the marginal likelihood o ←
→ deep co - space : sample mining across feature transformation for semi - supervised learning ; aiming at improving performance of visual classification in a cost - effective manner , this paper proposes an incremental semi - supervised learning paradigm called deep co - space ( dcs ). unlike many conventional semi - supervised learning methods usually performing within a fixed feature space , our dcs gradually propagates information from labeled samples to unlabeled ones along with deep feature learning . we regard deep fe ←
→ a survey of statistical network models ; networks are ubiquitous in science and have become a focal point for discussion in everyday life . formal statistical models for the analysis of network data have emerged as a major topic of interest in diverse areas of study , and most of these involve a form of graphical representation . probability models on graphs date back to 1959 . along with empirical studies in social psychology and sociology from the 1960s , these early works generated an active network community ←
→ semi - automated nasal pap mask sizing using facial photographs ; we present a semi - automated system for sizing nasal positive airway pressure ( pap ) masks based upon a neural network model that was trained with facial photographs of both pap mask users and non - users . it demonstrated an accuracy of 72 % in correctly sizing a mask and 96 % accuracy sizing to within 1 mask size group . the semi - automated system performed comparably to sizing from manual measurements taken from the same images which produced 89 % and ←
→ taming the monster : a fast and simple algorithm for contextual bandits ; we present a new algorithm for the contextual bandit learning problem , where the learner repeatedly takes one of $ k $ actions in response to the observed context , and observes the reward only for that chosen action . our method assumes access to an oracle for solving fully supervised cost - sensitive classification problems and achieves the statistically optimal regret guarantee with only $\ tilde { o }(\ sqrt { kt /\ log n })$ oracle calls across a ←
→ the simulator : understanding adaptive sampling in the moderate - confidence regime ; we propose a novel technique for analyzing adaptive sampling called the {\ em simulator }. our approach differs from the existing methods by considering not how much information could be gathered by any fixed sampling strategy , but how difficult it is to distinguish a good sampling strategy from a bad one given the limited amount of data collected up to any given time . this change of perspective allows us to match the strengt ←
→ neural machine translation training in a multi - domain scenario ; in this paper , we explore alternative ways to train a neural machine translation system in a multi - domain scenario . we investigate data concatenation ( with fine tuning ), model stacking ( multi - level fine tuning ), data selection and weighted ensemble . we evaluate these methods based on three criteria : i ) translation quality , ii ) training time , and iii ) robustness towards out - of - domain tests . our findings on arabic - english and german - english lang ←
→ eigengp : sparse gaussian process models with data - dependent eigenfunctions ; gaussian processes ( gps ) provide a nonparametric representation of functions . however , classical gp inference suffers from high computational cost and it is difficult to design nonstationary gp priors in practice . in this paper , we propose a sparse gaussian process model , eigengp , based on the karhunen - loeve ( kl ) expansion of a gp prior . we use the nystrom approximation to obtain data dependent eigenfunctions and select these eig ←
→ deep domain adaptation by geodesic distance minimization ; in this paper , we propose a new approach called deep logcoral for unsupervised visual domain adaptation . our work builds on the recently proposed deep coral method , which proposed to train a convolutional neural network and simultaneously minimize the euclidean distance of convariance matrices between the source and target domains . we propose to use the riemannian distance , approximated by log - euclidean distance , to replace the naive euclidean dista ←
→ on the limitation of convolutional neural networks in recognizing negative images ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have achieved state - of - the - art performance on a variety of computer vision tasks , particularly visual classification problems , where new algorithms reported to achieve or even surpass the human performance . in this paper , we examine whether cnns are capable of learning the semantics of training data . to this end , we evaluate cnns on negative images , since they share the same structure a ←
→ effectiveness of greedily collecting items in open world games ; since pokemon go sent millions on the quest of collecting virtual monsters , an important question has been on the minds of many people : is going after the closest item first a time - and - cost - effective way to play ? here , we show that this is in fact a good strategy which performs on average only 7 % worse than the best possible solution in terms of the total distance traveled to gather all the items . even when accounting for errors due to the ina ←
→ common voting rules as maximum likelihood estimators ; voting is a very general method of preference aggregation . a voting rule takes as input every voter ' s vote ( typically , a ranking of the alternatives ), and produces as output either just the winning alternative or a ranking of the alternatives . one potential view of voting is the following . there exists a ' correct ' outcome ( winner / ranking ), and each voter ' s vote corresponds to a noisy perception of this correct outcome . if we are given the noise model , t ←
→ cevo : comprehensive event ontology enhancing cognitive annotation ; while the general analysis of named entities has received substantial research attention , the analysis of relations over named entities has not . in fact , a review of the literature on unstructured as well as structured data revealed a deficiency in research on the abstract conceptualization required to organize relations . we believe that such an abstract conceptualization can benefit various communities and applications such as natural lang ←
→ transfer learning for voice activity detection : a denoising deep neural network perspective ; mismatching problem between the source and target noisy corpora severely hinder the practical use of the machine - learning - based voice activity detection ( vad ). in this paper , we try to address this problem in the transfer learning prospective . transfer learning tries to find a common learning machine or a common feature subspace that is shared by both the source corpus and the target corpus . the denoising deep ne ←
→ the do ' s and don ' ts for cnn - based face verification ; while the research community appears to have developed a consensus on the methods of acquiring annotated data , design and training of cnns , many questions still remain to be answered . in this paper , we explore the following questions that are critical to face recognition research : ( i ) can we train on still images and expect the systems to work on videos ? ( ii ) are deeper datasets better than wider datasets ? ( iii ) does adding label noise lead to improvemen ←
→ evaluation of performance measures for classifiers comparison ; the selection of the best classification algorithm for a given dataset is a very widespread problem , occuring each time one has to choose a classifier to solve a real - world problem . it is also a complex task with many important methodological decisions to make . among those , one of the most crucial is the choice of an appropriate measure in order to properly assess the classification performance and rank the algorithms . in this article , we focus ←
→ a probabilistic logic programming event calculus ; we present a system for recognising human activity given a symbolic representation of video content . the input of our system is a set of time - stamped short - term activities ( sta ) detected on video frames . the output is a set of recognised long - term activities ( lta ), which are pre - defined temporal combinations of sta . the constraints on the sta that , if satisfied , lead to the recognition of a lta , have been expressed using a dialect of the event calculus . in ←
→ spatio - temporal graph convolution for skeleton based action recognition ; variations of human body skeletons may be considered as dynamic graphs , which are generic data representation for numerous real - world applications . in this paper , we propose a spatio - temporal graph convolution ( stgc ) approach for assembling the successes of local convolutional filtering and sequence learning ability of autoregressive moving average . to encode dynamic graphs , the constructed multi - scale local graph convolution filters ,←
→ sequential feature explanations for anomaly detection ; in many applications , an anomaly detection system presents the most anomalous data instance to a human analyst , who then must determine whether the instance is truly of interest ( e . g . a threat in a security setting ). unfortunately , most anomaly detectors provide no explanation about why an instance was considered anomalous , leaving the analyst with no guidance about where to begin the investigation . to address this issue , we study the problems of compu ←
→ multi - task multiple kernel relationship learning ; this paper presents a novel multitask multiple kernel learning framework that efficiently learns the kernel weights leveraging the relationship across multiple tasks . the idea is to automatically infer this task relationship in the \ textit { rkhs } space corresponding to the given base kernels . the problem is formulated as a regularization - based approach called \ textit { multi - task multiple kernel relationship learning } (\ textit { mk - mtrl }), which models the task ←
→ faithful approximations of belief functions ; a conceptual foundation for approximation of belief functions is proposed and investigated . it is based on the requirements of consistency and closeness . an optimal approximation is studied . unfortunately , the computation of the optimal approximation turns out to be intractable . hence , various heuristic methods are proposed and experimantally evaluated both in terms of their accuracy and in terms of the speed of computation . these methods are compared to the ear ←
→ flashrl : a reinforcement learning platform for flash games ; reinforcement learning ( rl ) is a research area that has blossomed tremendously in recent years and has shown remarkable potential in among others successfully playing computer games . however , there only exists a few game platforms that provide diversity in tasks and state - space needed to advance rl algorithms . the existing platforms offer rl access to atari - and a few web - based games , but no platform fully expose access to flash games . this is unf ←
→ leveraging network dynamics for improved link prediction ; the aim of link prediction is to forecast connections that are most likely to occur in the future , based on examples of previously observed links . a key insight is that it is useful to explicitly model network dynamics , how frequently links are created or destroyed when doing link prediction . in this paper , we introduce a new supervised link prediction framework , rpm ( rate prediction model ). in addition to network similarity measures , rpm uses the p ←
→ support vector machine active learning algorithms with query - by - committee versus closest - to - hyperplane selection ; this paper investigates and evaluates support vector machine active learning algorithms for use with imbalanced datasets , which commonly arise in many applications such as information extraction applications . algorithms based on closest - to - hyperplane selection and query - by - committee selection are combined with methods for addressing imbalance such as positive amplification based on prevalence ←
→ multivariate gaussian network structure learning ; we consider a graphical model where a multivariate normal vector is associated with each node of the underlying graph and estimate the graphical structure . we minimize a loss function obtained by regressing the vector at each node on those at the remaining ones under a group penalty . we show that the proposed estimator can be computed by a fast convex optimization algorithm . we show that as the sample size increases , the estimated regression coefficients an ←
→ effective deterministic initialization for $ k $- means - like methods via local density peaks searching ; the $ k $- means clustering algorithm is popular but has the following main drawbacks : 1 ) the number of clusters , $ k $, needs to be provided by the user in advance , 2 ) it can easily reach local minima with randomly selected initial centers , 3 ) it is sensitive to outliers , and 4 ) it can only deal with well separated hyperspherical clusters . in this paper , we propose a local density peaks searching ( ldps ) initi ←
→ using kernel methods and model selection for prediction of preterm birth ; we describe an application of machine learning to the problem of predicting preterm birth . we conduct a secondary analysis on a clinical trial dataset collected by the national in - stitute of child health and human development ( nichd ) while focusing our attention on predicting different classes of preterm birth . we compare three approaches for deriving predictive models : a support vector machine ( svm ) approach with linear and non - lin ←
→ revisiting batch normalization for practical domain adaptation ; deep neural networks ( dnn ) have shown unprecedented success in various computer vision applications such as image classification and object detection . however , it is still a common annoyance during the training phase , that one has to prepare at least thousands of labeled images to fine - tune a network to a specific domain . recent study ( tommasi et al . 2015 ) shows that a dnn has strong dependency towards the training dataset , and the learned fea ←
→ spectralnet : spectral clustering using deep neural networks ; spectral clustering is a leading and popular technique in unsupervised data analysis . two of its major limitations are scalability and generalization of the spectral embedding ( i . e ., out - of - sample - extension ). in this paper we introduce a deep learning approach to spectral clustering that overcomes the above shortcomings . our network , which we call spectralnet , learns a map that embeds input data points into the eigenspace of their associated grap ←
→ a sport tournament scheduling by genetic algorithm with swapping method ; a sport tournament problem is considered the traveling tournament problem ( ttp ). one interesting type is the mirrored traveling tournament problem ( mttp ). the objective of the problem is to minimize either the total number of traveling or the total distances of traveling or both . this research aims to find an optimized solution of the mirrored traveling tournament problem with minimum total number of traveling . the solutions consistin ←
→ multi - task policy search ; learning policies that generalize across multiple tasks is an important and challenging research topic in reinforcement learning and robotics . training individual policies for every single potential task is often impractical , especially for continuous task variations , requiring more principled approaches to share and transfer knowledge among similar tasks . we present a novel approach for learning a nonlinear feedback policy that generalizes across multiple tasks . the key idea is t ←
→ recurrent neural network based hybrid model of gene regulatory network ; systems biology is an emerging interdisciplinary area of research that focuses on study of complex interactions in a biological system , such as gene regulatory networks . the discovery of gene regulatory networks leads to a wide range of applications , such as pathways related to a disease that can unveil in what way the disease acts and provide novel tentative drug targets . in addition , the development of biological models from discover ←
→ nrc - canada : building the state - of - the - art in sentiment analysis of tweets ; in this paper , we describe how we created two state - of - the - art svm classifiers , one to detect the sentiment of messages such as tweets and sms ( message - level task ) and one to detect the sentiment of a term within a submissions stood first in both tasks on tweets , obtaining an f - score of 69 . 02 in the message - level task and 88 . 93 in the term - level task . we implemented a variety of surface - form , semantic , and sentiment features . with ←
→ sentiment analysis on financial news headlines using training dataset augmentation ; this paper discusses the approach taken by the uwaterloo team to arrive at a solution for the fine - grained sentiment analysis problem posed by task 5 of semeval 2017 . the paper describes the document vectorization and sentiment score prediction techniques used , as well as the design and implementation decisions taken while building the system for this task . the system uses text vectorization models , such as n - gram , tf - idf ←
→ hierarchically - attentive rnn for album summarization and storytelling ; we address the problem of end - to - end visual storytelling . given a photo album , our model first selects the most representative ( summary ) photos , and then composes a natural language story for the album . for this task , we make use of the visual storytelling dataset and a model composed of three hierarchically - attentive recurrent neural nets ( rnns ) to : encode the album photos , select representative ( summary ) photos , and compose the story .←
→ pocs based super - resolution image reconstruction using an adaptive regularization parameter ; crucial information barely visible to the human eye is often embedded in a series of low - resolution images taken of the same scene . super - resolution enables the extraction of this information by reconstructing a single image , at a high resolution than is present in any of the individual images . this is particularly useful in forensic imaging , where the extraction of minute details in an image can help to solve a ←
→ continuous features discretization for anomaly intrusion detectors generation ; network security is a growing issue , with the evolution of computer systems and expansion of attacks . biological systems have been inspiring scientists and designs for new adaptive solutions , such as genetic algorithms . in this paper , we present an approach that uses the genetic algorithm to generate anomaly net - work intrusion detectors . in this paper , an algorithm propose use a discretization method for the continuous featur ←
→ when to reset your keys : optimal timing of security updates via learning ; cybersecurity is increasingly threatened by advanced and persistent attacks . as these attacks are often designed to disable a system ( or a critical resource , e . g ., a user account ) repeatedly , it is crucial for the defender to keep updating its security measures to strike a balance between the risk of being compromised and the cost of security updates . moreover , these decisions often need to be made with limited and delayed feedback d ←
→ lexical base as a compressed language model of the world ( on the material of the ukrainian language ) ; in the article the fact is verified that the list of words selected by formal statistical methods ( frequency and functional genre unrestrictedness ) is not a conglomerate of non - related words . it creates a system of interrelated items and it can be named " lexical base of language ". this selected list of words covers all the spheres of human activities . to verify this statement the invariant synoptical sch ←
→ when neurons fail ; we view a neural network as a distributed system of which neurons can fail independently , and we evaluate its robustness in the absence of any ( recovery ) learning phase . we give tight bounds on the number of neurons that can fail without harming the result of a computation . to determine our bounds , we leverage the fact that neural activation functions are lipschitz - continuous . our bound is on a quantity , we call the \ textit { forward error propagation }, capturing how much error is propagat ←
→ a semantic similarity measure for expressive description logics ; a totally semantic measure is presented which is able to calculate a similarity value between concept descriptions and also between concept description and individual or between individuals expressed in an expressive description logic . it is applicable on symbolic descriptions although it uses a numeric approach for the calculus . considering that description logics stand as the theoretic framework for the ontological knowledge representation ←
→ a simple expression for the map of asplund ' s distances with the multiplicative logarithmic image processing ( lip ) law ; we introduce a simple expression for the map of asplund ' s distances with the multiplicative logarithmic image processing ( lip ) law . it is a difference between a morphological dilation and a morphological erosion with an additive structuring function which corresponds to a morphological gradient .←
→ universal algorithmic intelligence : a mathematical top -> down approach ; sequential decision theory formally solves the problem of rational agents in uncertain worlds if the true environmental prior probability distribution is known . solomonoff ' s theory of universal induction formally solves the problem of sequence prediction for unknown prior distribution . we combine both ideas and get a parameter - free theory of universal artificial intelligence . we give strong arguments that the resulting aixi model is the ←
→ the planning spectrum - one , two , three , infinity ; linear temporal logic ( ltl ) is widely used for defining conditions on the execution paths of dynamic systems . in the case of dynamic systems that allow for nondeterministic evolutions , one has to specify , along with an ltl formula f , which are the paths that are required to satisfy the formula . two extreme cases are the universal interpretation a . f , which requires that the formula be satisfied for all execution paths , and the existential interpretation e . f ←
→ dataset augmentation in feature space ; dataset augmentation , the practice of applying a wide array of domain - specific transformations to synthetically expand a training set , is a standard tool in supervised learning . while effective in tasks such as visual recognition , the set of transformations must be carefully designed , implemented , and tested for every new domain , limiting its re - use and generality . in this paper , we adopt a simpler , domain - agnostic approach to dataset augmentation . we start with exist ←
→ true asymptotic natural gradient optimization ; we introduce a simple algorithm , true asymptotic natural gradient optimization ( tango ), that converges to a true natural gradient descent in the limit of small learning rates , without explicit fisher matrix estimation . for quadratic models the algorithm is also an instance of averaged stochastic gradient , where the parameter is a moving average of a " fast ", constant - rate gradient descent . tango appears as a particular de - linearization of averaged sgd , and is ←
→ column - oriented datalog materialization for large knowledge graphs ( extended technical report ) ; the evaluation of datalog rules over large knowledge graphs ( kgs ) is essential for many applications . in this paper , we present a new method of materializing datalog inferences , which combines a column - based memory layout with novel optimization methods that avoid redundant inferences at runtime . the pro - active caching of certain subqueries further increases efficiency . our empirical evaluation shows that this ←
→ extracting domain invariant features by unsupervised learning for robust automatic speech recognition ; the performance of automatic speech recognition ( asr ) systems can be significantly compromised by previously unseen conditions , which is typically due to a mismatch between training and testing distributions . in this paper , we address robustness by studying domain invariant features , such that domain information becomes transparent to asr systems , resolving the mismatch problem . specifically , we investi ←
→ variable - state latent conditional random fields for facial expression recognition and action unit detection ; automated recognition of facial expressions of emotions , and detection of facial action units ( aus ), from videos depends critically on modeling of their dynamics . these dynamics are characterized by changes in temporal phases ( onset - apex - offset ) and intensity of emotion expressions and aus , the appearance of which may vary considerably among target subjects , making the recognition / detection task v ←
→ supervised saliency map driven segmentation of the lesions in dermoscopic images ; lesion segmentation is the first step in the most automatic melanoma recognition systems . there are some deficiencies and difficulties in dermoscopic images that make the lesion segmentation an intricate task e . g ., hair occlusion , presence of dark corners and color charts , indistinct lesion borders , and lesions touching the image boundaries . in order to overcome these problems , we proposed a supervised saliency detection me ←
→ placeraider : virtual theft in physical spaces with smartphones ; as smartphones become more pervasive , they are increasingly targeted by malware . at the same time , each new generation of smartphone features increasingly powerful onboard sensor suites . a new strain of sensor malware has been developing that leverages these sensors to steal information from the physical environment ( e . g ., researchers have recently demonstrated how malware can listen for spoken credit card numbers through the microphone , or fe ←
→ non - uniform blind deblurring with a spatially - adaptive sparse prior ; typical blur from camera shake often deviates from the standard uniform convolutional script , in part because of problematic rotations which create greater blurring away from some unknown center point . consequently , successful blind deconvolution requires the estimation of a spatially - varying or non - uniform blur operator . using ideas from bayesian inference and convex analysis , this paper derives a non - uniform blind deblurring algorithm w ←
→ a new repair operator for multi - objective evolutionary algorithm in constrained optimization problems ; in this paper , we design a set of multi - objective constrained optimization problems ( mcops ) and propose a new repair operator to address them . the proposed repair operator is used to fix the solutions that violate the box constraints . more specifically , it employs a reversed correction strategy that can effectively avoid the population falling into local optimum . in addition , we integrate the proposed r ←
→ towards visual explanations for convolutional neural networks via input resampling ; the predictive power of neural networks often costs model interpretability . several techniques have been developed for explaining model outputs in terms of input features ; however , it is difficult to translate such interpretations into actionable insight . here , we propose a framework to analyze predictions in terms of the model ' s internal features by inspecting information flow through the network . given a trained network ←
→ an inequality with applications to structured sparsity and multitask dictionary learning ; from concentration inequalities for the suprema of gaussian or rademacher processes an inequality is derived . it is applied to sharpen existing and to derive novel bounds on the empirical rademacher complexities of unit balls in various norms appearing in the context of structured sparsity and multitask dictionary learning or matrix factorization . a key role is played by the largest eigenvalue of the data covariance ←
→ coordination in categorical compositional distributional semantics ; an open problem with categorical compositional distributional semantics is the representation of words that are considered semantically vacuous from a distributional perspective , such as determiners , prepositions , relative pronouns or coordinators . this paper deals with the topic of coordination between identical syntactic types , which accounts for the majority of coordination cases in language . by exploiting the compact closed structure o ←
→ patch - based probabilistic image quality assessment for face selection and improved video - based face recognition ; in video based face recognition , face images are typically captured over multiple frames in uncontrolled conditions , where head pose , illumination , shadowing , motion blur and focus change over the sequence . additionally , inaccuracies in face localisation can also introduce scale and alignment variations . using all face images , including images of poor quality , can actually degrade face recogni ←
→ modular autoencoders for ensemble feature extraction ; we introduce the concept of a modular autoencoder ( mae ), capable of learning a set of diverse but complementary representations from unlabelled data , that can later be used for supervised tasks . the learning of the representations is controlled by a trade off parameter , and we show on six benchmark datasets the optimum lies between two extremes : a set of smaller , independent autoencoders each with low capacity , versus a single monolithic encoding , outpe ←
→ one - shot neural cross - lingual transfer for paradigm completion ; we present a novel cross - lingual transfer method for paradigm completion , the task of mapping a lemma to its inflected forms , using a neural encoder - decoder model , the state of the art for the monolingual task . we use labeled data from a high - resource language to increase performance on a low - resource language . in experiments on 21 language pairs from four different language families , we obtain up to 58 % higher accuracy than without transfer a ←
→ detection of slang words in e - data using semi - supervised learning ; the proposed algorithmic approach deals with finding the sense of a word in an electronic data . now a day , in different communication mediums like internet , mobile services etc . people use few words , which are slang in nature . this approach detects those abusive words using supervised learning procedure . but in the real life scenario , the slang words are not used in complete word forms always . most of the times , those words are used in diffe ←
→ probabilistic structured predictors ; we consider map estimators for structured prediction with exponential family models . in particular , we concentrate on the case that efficient algorithms for uniform sampling from the output space exist . we show that under this assumption ( i ) exact computation of the partition function remains a hard problem , and ( ii ) the partition function and the gradient of the log partition function can be approximated efficiently . our main result is an approximation scheme for the p ←
→ dual iterative hard thresholding : from non - convex sparse minimization to non - smooth concave maximization ; iterative hard thresholding ( iht ) is a class of projected gradient descent methods for optimizing sparsity - constrained minimization models , with the best known efficiency and scalability in practice . as far as we know , the existing iht - style methods are designed for sparse minimization in primal form . it remains open to explore duality theory and algorithms in such a non - convex and np - hard problem se ←
→ detecting road surface wetness from audio : a deep learning approach ; we introduce a recurrent neural network architecture for automated road surface wetness detection from audio of tire - surface interaction . the robustness of our approach is evaluated on 785 , 826 bins of audio that span an extensive range of vehicle speeds , noises from the environment , road surface types , and pavement conditions including international roughness index ( iri ) values from 25 in / mi to 1400 in / mi . the training and evaluation of t ←
→ bottleneck of using single memristor as a synapse and its solution ; it is now widely accepted that memristive devices are perfect candidates for the emulation of biological synapses in neuromorphic systems . this is mainly because of the fact that like the strength of synapse , memristance of the memristive device can be tuned actively ( e . g ., by the application of volt - age or current ). in addition , it is also possible to fabricate very high density of memristive devices ( comparable to the number of synapses ←
→ recurrent 3d attentional networks for end - to - end active object recognition in cluttered scenes ; active vision is inherently attention - driven : the agent selects views of observation to best approach the vision task while improving its internal representation of the scene being observed . inspired by the recent success of attention - based models in 2d vision tasks based on single rgb images , we propose to address the multi - view depth - based active object recognition using attention mechanism , through developi ←
→ a neural - symbolic approach to natural language tasks ; deep learning ( dl ) has in recent years been widely used in natural language processing ( nlp ) applications due to its superior performance . however , while natural languages are rich in grammatical structure , dl has not been able to explicitly represent and enforce such structures . this paper proposes a new architecture to bridge this gap by exploiting tensor product representations ( tpr ), a structured neural - symbolic framework developed in cognitive scie ←
→ learnable visual markers ; we propose a new approach to designing visual markers ( analogous to qr - codes , markers for augmented reality , and robotic fiducial tags ) based on the advances in deep generative networks . in our approach , the markers are obtained as color images synthesized by a deep network from input bit strings , whereas another deep network is trained to recover the bit strings back from the photos of these markers . the two networks are trained simultaneously in a joint backpropagation process t ←
→ controlling search in very large commonsense knowledge bases : a machine learning approach ; very large commonsense knowledge bases ( kbs ) often have thousands to millions of axioms , of which relatively few are relevant for answering any given query . a large number of irrelevant axioms can easily overwhelm resolution - based theorem provers . therefore , methods that help the reasoner identify useful inference paths form an essential part of large - scale reasoning systems . in this paper , we describe two ordering ←
→ a constraint satisfaction approach to the robust spanning tree problem with interval data ; robust optimization is one of the fundamental approaches to deal with uncertainty in combinatorial optimization . this paper considers the robust spanning tree problem with interval data , which arises in a variety of telecommunication applications . it proposes a constraint satisfaction approach using a combinatorial lower bound , a pruning component that removes infeasible and suboptimal edges , as well as a search st ←
→ regularization via mass transportation ; the goal of regression and classification methods in supervised learning is to minimize the empirical risk , that is , the expectation of some loss function quantifying the prediction error under the empirical distribution . when facing scarce training data , overfitting is typically mitigated by adding regularization terms to the objective that penalize hypothesis complexity . in this paper we introduce new regularization techniques using ideas from distributionally robu ←
→ learning generative models with visual attention ; attention has long been proposed by psychologists as important for effectively dealing with the enormous sensory stimulus available in the neocortex . inspired by the visual attention models in computational neuroscience and the need of object - centric data for generative models , we describe for generative learning framework using attentional mechanisms . attentional mechanisms can propagate signals from region of interest in a scene to an aligned canonical re ←
→ large margin learning in set to set similarity comparison for person re - identification ; person re - identification ( re - id ) aims at matching images of the same person across disjoint camera views , which is a challenging problem in multimedia analysis , multimedia editing and content - based media retrieval communities . the major challenge lies in how to preserve similarity of the same person across video footages with large appearance variations , while discriminating different individuals . to address this prob ←
→ the principle of logit separation ; we consider neural network training , in applications in which there are many possible classes , but at test - time , the task is to identify only whether the given example belongs to a specific class , which can be different in different applications of the classifier . for instance , this is the case in an image search engine . we consider the single logit classification ( slc ) task : training the network so that at test - time , it would be possible to accurately identify if the exa ←
→ universal model for paraphrasing -- using transformation based on a defined criteria -- ; this paper describes a universal model for paraphrasing that transforms according to defined criteria . we showed that by using different criteria we could construct different kinds of paraphrasing systems including one for answering questions , one for compressing sentences , one for polishing up , and one for transforming written language to spoken language .←
→ a kernel test for three - variable interactions with random processes ; we apply a wild bootstrap method to the lancaster three - variable interaction measure in order to detect factorisation of the joint distribution on three variables forming a stationary random process , for which the existing permutation bootstrap method fails . as in the i . i . d . case , the lancaster test is found to outperform existing tests in cases for which two independent variables individually have a weak influence on a third , but that wh ←
→ lung nodule classification by the combination of fusion classifier and cascaded convolutional neural networks ; lung nodule classification is a class imbalanced problem , as nodules are found with much lower frequency than non - nodules . in the class imbalanced problem , conventional classifiers tend to be overwhelmed by the majority class and ignore the minority class . we showed that cascaded convolutional neural networks can classify the nodule candidates precisely for a class imbalanced nodule candidate da ←
→ an adaptive framework to tune the coordinate systems in evolutionary algorithms ; in the evolutionary computation research community , the performance of most evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) depends strongly on their implemented coordinate system . however , the commonly used coordinate system is fixed and not well suited for different function landscapes , eas thus might not search efficiently . to overcome this shortcoming , in this paper we propose a framework , named acos , to adaptively tune the coordinate sys ←
→ xnorbin : a 95 top / s / w hardware accelerator for binary convolutional neural networks ; deploying state - of - the - art cnns requires power - hungry processors and off - chip memory . this precludes the implementation of cnns in low - power embedded systems . recent research shows cnns sustain extreme quantization , binarizing their weights and intermediate feature maps , thereby saving 8 - 32 \ x memory and collapsing energy - intensive sum - of - products into xnor - and - popcount operations . we present xnorbin , an accelerator for ←
→ probabilistic selection in agentspeak ( l ) ; agent programming is mostly a symbolic discipline and , as such , draws little benefits from probabilistic areas as machine learning and graphical models . however , the greatest objective of agent research is the achievement of autonomy in dynamical and complex environments --- a goal that implies embracing uncertainty and therefore the entailed representations , algorithms and techniques . this paper proposes an innovative and conflict free two layer approach to agent ←
→ lensless imaging with compressive ultrafast sensing ; lensless imaging is an important and challenging problem . one notable solution to lensless imaging is a single pixel camera which benefits from ideas central to compressive sampling . however , traditional single pixel cameras require many illumination patterns which result in a long acquisition process . here we present a method for lensless imaging based on compressive ultrafast sensing . each sensor acquisition is encoded with a different illumination pat ←
→ object - image correspondence for curves under finite and affine cameras ; we provide criteria for deciding whether a given planar curve is an image of a given spatial curve , obtained by a central or a parallel projection with unknown parameters . these criteria reduce the projection problem to a certain modification of the equivalence problem of planar curves under affine and projective transformations . the latter problem can be addressed using cartan ' s moving frame method . this leads to a novel algorithmic s ←
→ trilaminar multiway reconstruction tree for efficient large scale structure from motion ; accuracy and efficiency are two key problems in large scale incremental structure from motion ( sfm ). in this paper , we propose a unified framework to divide the image set into clusters suitable for reconstruction as well as find multiple reliable and stable starting points . image partitioning performs in two steps . first , some small image groups are selected at places with high image density , and then all the images ←
→ stochastic language generation in dialogue using recurrent neural networks with convolutional sentence reranking ; the natural language generation ( nlg ) component of a spoken dialogue system ( sds ) usually needs a substantial amount of handcrafting or a well - labeled dataset to be trained on . these limitations add significantly to development costs and make cross - domain , multi - lingual dialogue systems intractable . moreover , human languages are context - aware . the most natural response should be directly lear ←
→ applying machine translation to two - stage cross - language information retrieval ; cross - language information retrieval ( clir ), where queries and documents are in different languages , needs a translation of queries and / or documents , so as to standardize both of them into a common representation . for this purpose , the use of machine translation is an effective approach . however , computational cost is prohibitive in translating large - scale document collections . to resolve this problem , we propose a two - stage ←
→ feature learning in feature - sample networks using multi - objective optimization ; data and knowledge representation are fundamental concepts in machine learning . the quality of the representation impacts the performance of the learning model directly . feature learning transforms or enhances raw data to structures that are effectively exploited by those models . in recent years , several works have been using complex networks for data representation and analysis . however , no feature learning method has been p ←
→ particular object retrieval with integral max - pooling of cnn activations ; recently , image representation built upon convolutional neural network ( cnn ) has been shown to provide effective descriptors for image search , outperforming pre - cnn features as short - vector representations . yet such models are not compatible with geometry - aware re - ranking methods and still outperformed , on some particular object retrieval benchmarks , by traditional image search systems relying on precise descriptor matching , geometri ←
→ transport - based analysis , modeling , and learning from signal and data distributions ; transport - based techniques for signal and data analysis have received increased attention recently . given their abilities to provide accurate generative models for signal intensities and other data distributions , they have been used in a variety of applications including content - based retrieval , cancer detection , image super - resolution , and statistical machine learning , to name a few , and shown to produce state of the ar ←
→ show and tell : lessons learned from the 2015 mscoco image captioning challenge ; automatically describing the content of an image is a fundamental problem in artificial intelligence that connects computer vision and natural language processing . in this paper , we present a generative model based on a deep recurrent architecture that combines recent advances in computer vision and machine translation and that can be used to generate natural sentences describing an image . the model is trained to maximize the ←
→ independent vector analysis : identification conditions and performance bounds ; recently , an extension of independent component analysis ( ica ) from one to multiple datasets , termed independent vector analysis ( iva ), has been the subject of significant research interest . iva has also been shown to be a generalization of hotelling ' s canonical correlation analysis . in this paper , we provide the identification conditions for a general iva formulation , which accounts for linear , nonlinear , and sample - to - sample ←
→ an efficient model - free estimation of multiclass conditional probability ; conventional multiclass conditional probability estimation methods , such as fisher ' s discriminate analysis and logistic regression , often require restrictive distributional model assumption . in this paper , a model - free estimation method is proposed to estimate multiclass conditional probability through a series of conditional quantile regression functions . specifically , the conditional class probability is formulated as difference of ←
→ autonomous braking system via deep reinforcement learning ; in this paper , we propose a new autonomous braking system based on deep reinforcement learning . the proposed autonomous braking system automatically decides whether to apply the brake at each time step when confronting the risk of collision using the information on the obstacle obtained by the sensors . the problem of designing brake control is formulated as searching for the optimal policy in markov decision process ( mdp ) model where the state is g ←
→ automatic 3d reconstruction for symmetric shapes ; generic 3d reconstruction from a single image is a difficult problem . a lot of data loss occurs in the projection . a domain based approach to reconstruction where we solve a smaller set of problems for a particular use case lead to greater returns . the project provides a way to automatically generate full 3 - d renditions of actual symmetric images that have some prior information provided in the pipeline by a recognition algorithm . we provide a critical anal ←
→ mirna and gene expression based cancer classification using self - learning and co - training approaches ; mirna and gene expression profiles have been proved useful for classifying cancer samples . efficient classifiers have been recently sought and developed . a number of attempts to classify cancer samples using mirna / gene expression profiles are known in literature . however , the use of semi - supervised learning models have been used recently in bioinformatics , to exploit the huge corpuses of publicly availa ←
→ manifold regularization based on nystr { ö } m type subsampling ; in this paper , we study the nystr {\" o } m type subsampling for large scale kernel methods to reduce the computational complexities of big data . we discuss the multi - penalty regularization scheme based on nystr {\" o } m type subsampling which is motivated from well - studied manifold regularization schemes . we develop a theoretical analysis of multi - penalty least - square regularization scheme under the general source condition in vector - valued function se ←
→ variational inference via $ χ $- upper bound minimization ; variational inference ( vi ) is widely used as an efficient alternative to markov chain monte carlo . it posits a family of approximating distributions $ q $ and finds the closest member to the exact posterior $ p $. closeness is usually measured via a divergence $ d ( q || p )$ from $ q $ to $ p $. while successful , this approach also has problems . notably , it typically leads to underestimation of the posterior variance . in this paper we propose chivi , a black - box ←
→ bootstrapping intrinsically motivated learning with human demonstrations ; this paper studies the coupling of internally guided learning and social interaction , and more specifically the improvement owing to demonstrations of the learning by intrinsic motivation . we present socially guided intrinsic motivation by demonstration ( sgim - d ), an algorithm for learning in continuous , unbounded and non - preset environments . after introducing social learning and intrinsic motivation , we describe the design of our alg ←
→ the online coupon - collector problem and its application to lifelong reinforcement learning ; transferring knowledge across a sequence of related tasks is an important challenge in reinforcement learning ( rl ). despite much encouraging empirical evidence , there has been little theoretical analysis . in this paper , we study a class of lifelong rl problems : the agent solves a sequence of tasks modeled as finite markov decision processes ( mdps ), each of which is from a finite set of mdps with the same state / act ←
→ two stream lstm : a deep fusion framework for human action recognition ; in this paper we address the problem of human action recognition from video sequences . inspired by the exemplary results obtained via automatic feature learning and deep learning approaches in computer vision , we focus our attention towards learning salient spatial features via a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) and then map their temporal relationship with the aid of long - short - term - memory ( lstm ) networks . our contribution in this pa ←
→ objective function designing led by user preferences acquisition ; many real world problems can be defined as optimisation problems in which the aim is to maximise an objective function . the quality of obtained solution is directly linked to the pertinence of the used objective function . however , designing such function , which has to translate the user needs , is usually fastidious . in this paper , a method to help user objective functions designing is proposed . our approach , which is highly interactive , is b ←
→ blind estimation of white gaussian noise variance in highly textured images ; in the paper , a new method of blind estimation of noise variance in a single highly textured image is proposed . an input image is divided into 8x8 blocks and discrete cosine transform ( dct ) is performed for each block . a part of 64 dct coefficients with lowest energy calculated through all blocks is selected for further analysis . for the dct coefficients , a robust estimate of noise variance is calculated . corresponding to the ob ←
→ does mitigating ml ' s impact disparity require treatment disparity ? ; following related work in law and policy , two notions of disparity have come to shape the study of fairness in algorithmic decision - making . algorithms exhibit treatment disparity if they formally treat members of protected subgroups differently ; algorithms exhibit impact disparity when outcomes differ across subgroups , even if the correlation arises unintentionally . naturally , we can achieve impact parity through purposeful treatment dispa ←
→ does multimodality help human and machine for translation and image captioning ? ; this paper presents the systems developed by lium and cvc for the wmt16 multimodal machine translation challenge . we explored various comparative methods , namely phrase - based systems and attentional recurrent neural networks models trained using monomodal or multimodal data . we also performed a human evaluation in order to estimate the usefulness of multimodal data for human machine translation and image description generati ←
→ perturbed message passing for constraint satisfaction problems ; we introduce an efficient message passing scheme for solving constraint satisfaction problems ( csps ), which uses stochastic perturbation of belief propagation ( bp ) and survey propagation ( sp ) messages to bypass decimation and directly produce a single satisfying assignment . our first csp solver , called perturbed blief propagation , smoothly interpolates two well - known inference procedures ; it starts as bp and ends as a gibbs sampler , which prod ←
→ multi - hypothesis crf - segmentation of neural tissue in anisotropic em volumes ; we present an approach for the joint segmentation and grouping of similar components in anisotropic 3d image data and use it to segment neural tissue in serial sections electron microscopy ( em ) images . we first construct a nested set of neuron segmentation hypotheses for each slice . a conditional random field ( crf ) then allows us to evaluate both the compatibility of a specific segmentation and a specific inter - slice assignme ←
→ chi2tex semi - automatic translation from chiwriter to latex ; semi - automatic translation of math - filled book from obsolete chiwriter format to latex . is it possible ? idea of criterion whether to use automatic or hand mode for translation . illustrations .←
→ concise comparative summaries ( ccs ) of large text corpora with a human experiment ; in this paper we propose a general framework for topic - specific summarization of large text corpora and illustrate how it can be used for the analysis of news databases . our framework , concise comparative summarization ( ccs ), is built on sparse classification methods . ccs is a lightweight and flexible tool that offers a compromise between simple word frequency based methods currently in wide use and more heavyweight , model ←
→ grid topology identification using electricity prices ; the potential of recovering the topology of a grid using solely publicly available market data is explored here . in contemporary whole - sale electricity markets , real - time prices are typically determined by solving the network - constrained economic dispatch problem . under a linear dc model , locational marginal prices ( lmps ) correspond to the lagrange multipliers of the linear program involved . the interesting observation here is that the matrix of spatio ←
→ efficiently tracking homogeneous regions in multichannel images ; we present a method for tracking maximally stable homogeneous regions ( mshr ) in images with an arbitrary number of channels . mshr are conceptionally very similar to maximally stable extremal regions ( mser ) and maximally stable color regions ( mscr ), but can also be applied to hyperspectral and color images while remaining extremely efficient . the presented approach makes use of the edge - based component - tree which can be calculated in linear ti ←
→ large margin multiclass gaussian classification with differential privacy ; as increasing amounts of sensitive personal information is aggregated into data repositories , it has become important to develop mechanisms for processing the data without revealing information about individual data instances . the differential privacy model provides a framework for the development and theoretical analysis of such mechanisms . in this paper , we propose an algorithm for learning a discriminatively trained multi - class ←
→ a unified neural network approach for estimating travel time and distance for a taxi trip ; in building intelligent transportation systems such as taxi or rideshare services , accurate prediction of travel time and distance is crucial for customer experience and resource management . using the nyc taxi dataset , which contains taxi trips data collected from gps - enabled taxis [ 23 ], this paper investigates the use of deep neural networks to jointly predict taxi trip time and distance . we propose a model , calle ←
→ natural pseudo - distance and optimal matching between reduced size functions ; this paper studies the properties of a new lower bound for the natural pseudo - distance . the natural pseudo - distance is a dissimilarity measure between shapes , where a shape is viewed as a topological space endowed with a real - valued continuous function . measuring dissimilarity amounts to minimizing the change in the functions due to the application of homeomorphisms between topological spaces , with respect to the $ l_ \ infty $- norm ←
→ the spaces of data , information , and knowledge ; we study the data space $ d $ of any given data set $ x $ and explain how functions and relations are defined over $ d $. from $ d $ and for a specific domain $\ delta $ we construct the information space $ i $ of $ x $ by interpreting variables , functions , and explicit relations over $ d $ in $\ delta $ and by including other relations that $ d $ implies under the interpretation in $\ delta $. then from $ i $ we build up the knowledge space $ k $ of $ x $ as the product of two spaces $←
→ deep multi - modal classification of intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms ( ipmn ) with canonical correlation analysis ; pancreatic cancer has the poorest prognosis among all cancer types . intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms ( ipmns ) are radiographically identifiable precursors to pancreatic cancer ; hence , early detection and precise risk assessment of ipmn are vital . in this work , we propose a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based computer aided diagnosis ( cad ) system to perform ipmn diagnosis and ←
→ a centralized reinforcement learning method for multi - agent job scheduling in grid ; one of the main challenges in grid systems is designing an adaptive , scalable , and model - independent method for job scheduling to achieve a desirable degree of load balancing and system efficiency . centralized job scheduling methods have some drawbacks , such as single point of failure and lack of scalability . moreover , decentralized methods require a coordination mechanism with limited communications . in this paper , we pr ←
→ symbol emergence in robotics : a survey ; humans can learn the use of language through physical interaction with their environment and semiotic communication with other people . it is very important to obtain a computational understanding of how humans can form a symbol system and obtain semiotic skills through their autonomous mental development . recently , many studies have been conducted on the construction of robotic systems and machine - learning methods that can learn the use of language through embodied m ←
→ a hebbian / anti - hebbian neural network for linear subspace learning : a derivation from multidimensional scaling of streaming data ; neural network models of early sensory processing typically reduce the dimensionality of streaming input data . such networks learn the principal subspace , in the sense of principal component analysis ( pca ), by adjusting synaptic weights according to activity - dependent learning rules . when derived from a principled cost function these rules are nonlocal and hence biologically i ←
→ minimum error rate training and the convex hull semiring ; we describe the line search used in the minimum error rate training algorithm mert as the " inside score " of a weighted proof forest under a semiring defined in terms of well - understood operations from computational geometry . this conception leads to a straightforward complexity analysis of the dynamic programming mert algorithms of macherey et al . ( 2008 ) and kumar et al . ( 2009 ) and practical approaches to implementation .←
→ beyond spatial auto - regressive models : predicting housing prices with satellite imagery ; when modeling geo - spatial data , it is critical to capture spatial correlations for achieving high accuracy . spatial auto - regression ( sar ) is a common tool used to model such data , where the spatial contiguity matrix ( w ) encodes the spatial correlations . however , the efficacy of sar is limited by two factors . first , it depends on the choice of contiguity matrix , which is typically not learnt from data , but instead , is ←
→ axioms for rational reinforcement learning ; we provide a formal , simple and intuitive theory of rational decision making including sequential decisions that affect the environment . the theory has a geometric flavor , which makes the arguments easy to visualize and understand . our theory is for complete decision makers , which means that they have a complete set of preferences . our main result shows that a complete rational decision maker implicitly has a probabilistic model of the environment . we have a coun ←
→ perturbative black box variational inference ; black box variational inference ( bbvi ) with reparameterization gradients triggered the exploration of divergence measures other than the kullback - leibler ( kl ) divergence , such as alpha divergences . in this paper , we view bbvi with generalized divergences as a form of estimating the marginal likelihood via biased importance sampling . the choice of divergence determines a bias - variance trade - off between the tightness of a bound on the marginal likelihood ( low bia ←
→ nurse rostering with genetic algorithms ; in recent years genetic algorithms have emerged as a useful tool for the heuristic solution of complex discrete optimisation problems . in particular there has been considerable interest in their use in tackling problems arising in the areas of scheduling and timetabling . however , the classical genetic algorithm paradigm is not well equipped to handle constraints and successful implementations usually require some sort of modification to enable the search to exploit ←
→ training deep networks without learning rates through coin betting ; deep learning methods achieve state - of - the - art performance in many application scenarios . yet , these methods require a significant amount of hyperparameters tuning in order to achieve the best results . in particular , tuning the learning rates in the stochastic optimization process is still one of the main bottlenecks . in this paper , we propose a new stochastic gradient descent procedure for deep networks that does not require any learning ←
→ one sentence one model for neural machine translation ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) becomes a new state - of - the - art and achieves promising translation results using a simple encoder - decoder neural network . this neural network is trained once on the parallel corpus and the fixed network is used to translate all the test sentences . we argue that the general fixed network cannot best fit the specific test sentences . in this paper , we propose the dynamic nmt which learns a general network as usual , and then ←
→ recursive training of 2d - 3d convolutional networks for neuronal boundary detection ; efforts to automate the reconstruction of neural circuits from 3d electron microscopic ( em ) brain images are critical for the field of connectomics . an important computation for reconstruction is the detection of neuronal boundaries . images acquired by serial section em , a leading 3d em technique , are highly anisotropic , with inferior quality along the third dimension . for such images , the 2d max - pooling convolutional net ←
→ online dictionary learning for kernel lms . analysis and forward - backward splitting algorithm ; adaptive filtering algorithms operating in reproducing kernel hilbert spaces have demonstrated superiority over their linear counterpart for nonlinear system identification . unfortunately , an undesirable characteristic of these methods is that the order of the filters grows linearly with the number of input data . this dramatically increases the computational burden and memory requirement . a variety of strategies ←
→ progressive neural architecture search ; we propose a method for learning cnn structures that is more efficient than previous approaches : instead of using reinforcement learning ( rl ) or genetic algorithms ( ga ), we use a sequential model - based optimization ( smbo ) strategy , in which we search for architectures in order of increasing complexity , while simultaneously learning a surrogate function to guide the search , similar to a * search . on the cifar - 10 dataset , our method finds a cnn structure with the same c ←
→ the secret sharer : measuring unintended neural network memorization & extracting secrets ; machine learning models based on neural networks and deep learning are being rapidly adopted for many purposes . what those models learn , and what they may share , is a significant concern when the training data may contain secrets and the models are public -- e . g ., when a model helps users compose text messages using models trained on all users ' messages . this paper presents exposure : a simple - to - compute metric tha ←
→ network anomaly detection : a survey and comparative analysis of stochastic and deterministic methods ; we present five methods to the problem of network anomaly detection . these methods cover most of the common techniques in the anomaly detection field , including statistical hypothesis tests ( sht ), support vector machines ( svm ) and clustering analysis . we evaluate all methods in a simulated network that consists of nominal data , three flow - level anomalies and one packet - level attack . through analyzing the ←
→ distribution of gaussian process arc lengths ; we present the first treatment of the arc length of the gaussian process ( gp ) with more than a single output dimension . gps are commonly used for tasks such as trajectory modelling , where path length is a crucial quantity of interest . previously , only paths in one dimension have been considered , with no theoretical consideration of higher dimensional problems . we fill the gap in the existing literature by deriving the moments of the arc length for a stationary ←
→ scale - free algorithms for online linear optimization ; we design algorithms for online linear optimization that have optimal regret and at the same time do not need to know any upper or lower bounds on the norm of the loss vectors . we achieve adaptiveness to norms of loss vectors by scale invariance , i . e ., our algorithms make exactly the same decisions if the sequence of loss vectors is multiplied by any positive constant . our algorithms work for any decision set , bounded or unbounded . for unbounded decisio ←
→ deep learning for spatio - temporal modeling : dynamic traffic flows and high frequency trading ; deep learning applies hierarchical layers of hidden variables to construct nonlinear high dimensional predictors . our goal is to develop and train deep learning architectures for spatio - temporal modeling . training a deep architecture is achieved by stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) and drop - out ( do ) for parameter regularization with a goal of minimizing out - of - sample predictive mean squared error . to illustrate ←
→ robust and real - time deep tracking via multi - scale domain adaptation ; visual tracking is a fundamental problem in computer vision . recently , some deep - learning - based tracking algorithms have been achieving record - breaking performances . however , due to the high complexity of deep learning , most deep trackers suffer from low tracking speed , and thus are impractical in many real - world applications . some new deep trackers with smaller network structure achieve high efficiency while at the cost of significant d ←
→ memory capacity of neural networks using a circulant weight matrix ; this paper presents results on the memory capacity of a generalized feedback neural network using a circulant matrix . children are capable of learning soon after birth which indicates that the neural networks of the brain have prior learnt capacity that is a consequence of the regular structures in the brain ' s organization . motivated by this idea , we consider the capacity of circulant matrices as weight matrices in a feedback network .←
→ simple methods for scanner drift normalization validated for automatic segmentation of knee magnetic resonance imaging - with data from the osteoarthritis initiative ; scanner drift is a well - known magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) artifact characterized by gradual signal degradation and scan intensity changes over time . in addition , hardware and software updates may imply abrupt changes in signal . the combined effects are particularly challenging for automatic image analysis methods used in longitudinal ←
→ quantum assisted gaussian process regression ; gaussian processes ( gp ) are a widely used model for regression problems in supervised machine learning . implementation of gp regression typically requires $ o ( n ^ 3 )$ logic gates . we show that the quantum linear systems algorithm [ harrow et al ., phys . rev . lett . 103 , 150502 ( 2009 )] can be applied to gaussian process regression ( gpr ), leading to an exponential reduction in computation time in some instances . we show that even in some cases not ideally suited to the ←
→ sparse learning for large - scale and high - dimensional data : a randomized convex - concave optimization approach ; in this paper , we develop a randomized algorithm and theory for learning a sparse model from large - scale and high - dimensional data , which is usually formulated as an empirical risk minimization problem with a sparsity - inducing regularizer . under the assumption that there exists a ( approximately ) sparse solution with high classification accuracy , we argue that the dual solution is also sparse or a ←
→ bubbleview : an interface for crowdsourcing image importance maps and tracking visual attention ; in this paper , we present bubbleview , an alternative methodology for eye tracking using discrete mouse clicks to measure which information people consciously choose to examine . bubbleview is a mouse - contingent , moving - window interface in which participants are presented with a series of blurred images and click to reveal " bubbles " - small , circular areas of the image at original resolution , similar to having a ←
→ cross - modal common representation learning by hybrid transfer network ; dnn - based cross - modal retrieval is a research hotspot to retrieve across different modalities as image and text , but existing methods often face the challenge of insufficient cross - modal training data . in single - modal scenario , similar problem is usually relieved by transferring knowledge from large - scale auxiliary datasets ( as imagenet ). knowledge from such single - modal datasets is also very useful for cross - modal retrieval , which can ←
→ soil classification using gatree ; this paper details the application of a genetic programming framework for classification of decision tree of soil data to classify soil texture . the database contains measurements of soil profile data . we have applied gatree for generating classification decision tree . gatree is a decision tree builder that is based on genetic algorithms ( gas ). the idea behind it is rather simple but powerful . instead of using statistic metrics that are biased towards specific trees we use ←
→ diagnostic rule extraction using neural networks ; the neural networks have trained on incomplete sets that a doctor could collect . trained neural networks have correctly classified all the presented instances . the number of intervals entered for encoding the quantitative variables is equal two . the number of features as well as the number of neurons and layers in trained neural networks was minimal . trained neural networks are adequately represented as a set of logical formulas that more comprehensible and ←
→ convnet architecture search for spatiotemporal feature learning ; learning image representations with convnets by pre - training on imagenet has proven useful across many visual understanding tasks including object detection , semantic segmentation , and image captioning . although any image representation can be applied to video frames , a dedicated spatiotemporal representation is still vital in order to incorporate motion patterns that cannot be captured by appearance based models alone . this paper presents an ←
→ kernel methods on riemannian manifolds with gaussian rbf kernels ; in this paper , we develop an approach to exploiting kernel methods with manifold - valued data . in many computer vision problems , the data can be naturally represented as points on a riemannian manifold . due to the non - euclidean geometry of riemannian manifolds , usual euclidean computer vision and machine learning algorithms yield inferior results on such data . in this paper , we define gaussian radial basis function ( rbf )- based positive defini ←
→ a quantitative neural coding model of sensory memory ; the coding mechanism of sensory memory on the neuron scale is one of the most important questions in neuroscience . we have put forward a quantitative neural network model , which is self organized , self similar , and self adaptive , just like an ecosystem following darwin theory . according to this model , neural coding is a mult to one mapping from objects to neurons . and the whole cerebrum is a real - time statistical turing machine , with powerful representi ←
→ quantum mechanical approach to modelling reliability of sensor reports ; dempster - shafer evidence theory is wildly applied in multi - sensor data fusion . however , lots of uncertainty and interference exist in practical situation , especially in the battle field . it is still an open issue to model the reliability of sensor reports . many methods are proposed based on the relationship among collected data . in this letter , we proposed a quantum mechanical approach to evaluate the reliability of sensor reports , whi ←
→ a collaborative ant colony metaheuristic for distributed multi - level lot - sizing ; the paper presents an ant colony optimization metaheuristic for collaborative planning . collaborative planning is used to coordinate individual plans of self - interested decision makers with private information in order to increase the overall benefit of the coalition . the method consists of a new search graph based on encoded solutions . distributed and private information is integrated via voting mechanisms and via a simple ←
→ neuroevolutionary optimization ; this paper presents an application of evolutionary search procedures to artificial neural networks . here , we can distinguish among three kinds of evolution in artificial neural networks , i . e . the evolution of connection weights , of architectures , and of learning rules . we review each kind of evolution in detail and analyse critical issues related to different evolutions . this article concentrates on finding the suitable way of using evolutionary algorithms for optimizing the ←
→ c3a : a cognitive collaborative control architecture for an intelligent wheelchair ; retention of residual skills for persons who partially lose their cognitive or physical ability is of utmost importance . research is focused on developing systems that provide need - based assistance for retention of such residual skills . this paper describes a novel cognitive collaborative control architecture c3a , designed to address the challenges of developing need - based assistance for wheelchair navigation . organizatio ←
→ 3d hand pose estimation : from current achievements to future goals ; in this paper , we strive to answer two questions : what is the current state of 3d hand pose estimation ? and , what are the next challenges that need to be tackled ? following the successful hands in the million challenge ( him2017 ), we investigate 11 state - of - the - art methods on three tasks : single frame 3d pose estimation , 3d hand tracking , and hand pose estimation during object interaction . we analyze the performance of different cnn structu ←
→ computing lexical contrast ; knowing the degree of semantic contrast between words has widespread application in natural language processing , including machine translation , information retrieval , and dialogue systems . manually - created lexicons focus on opposites , such as {\ rm hot } and {\ rm cold }. opposites are of many kinds such as antipodals , complementaries , and gradable . however , existing lexicons often do not classify opposites into the different kinds . they also do not explicitly list word pairs that a ←
→ learning discrete weights using the local reparameterization trick ; recent breakthroughs in computer vision make use of large deep neural networks , utilizing the substantial speedup offered by gpus . for applications running on limited hardware , however , high precision real - time processing can still be a challenge . one approach to solving this problem is training networks with binary or ternary weights , thus removing the need to calculate multiplications and significantly reducing memory size . in this work ,←
→ direct estimation of information divergence using nearest neighbor ratios ; we propose a direct estimation method for r \'{ e } nyi and f - divergence measures based on a new graph theoretical interpretation . suppose that we are given two sample sets $ x $ and $ y $, respectively with $ n $ and $ m $ samples , where $\ eta := m / n $ is a constant value . considering the $ k $- nearest neighbor ($ k $- nn ) graph of $ y $ in the joint data set $( x , y )$, we show that the average powered ratio of the number of $ x $ points to the number of ←
→ identification of gaussian process state space models ; the gaussian process state space model ( gpssm ) is a non - linear dynamical system , where unknown transition and / or measurement mappings are described by gps . most research in gpssms has focussed on the state estimation problem , i . e ., computing a posterior of the latent state given the model . however , the key challenge in gpssms has not been satisfactorily addressed yet : system identification , i . e ., learning the model . to address this challenge , we impose ←
→ cost - sensitive support vector machines ; a new procedure for learning cost - sensitive svm ( cs - svm ) classifiers is proposed . the svm hinge loss is extended to the cost sensitive setting , and the cs - svm is derived as the minimizer of the associated risk . the extension of the hinge loss draws on recent connections between risk minimization and probability elicitation . these connections are generalized to cost - sensitive classification , in a manner that guarantees consistency with the cost - sensitive bayes risk , an ←
→ weakly submodular maximization beyond cardinality constraints : does randomization help greedy ? ; submodular functions are a broad class of set functions , which naturally arise in diverse areas . many algorithms have been suggested for the maximization of these functions . unfortunately , once the function deviates from submodularity , the known algorithms may perform arbitrarily poorly . amending this issue , by obtaining approximation results for set functions generalizing submodular functions , has been the fo ←
→ markov determinantal point processes ; a determinantal point process ( dpp ) is a random process useful for modeling the combinatorial problem of subset selection . in particular , dpps encourage a random subset y to contain a diverse set of items selected from a base set y . for example , we might use a dpp to display a set of news headlines that are relevant to a user ' s interests while covering a variety of topics . suppose , however , that we are asked to sequentially select multiple diverse sets of items , for ex ←
→ ai challenges in human - robot cognitive teaming ; among the many anticipated roles for robots in the future is that of being a human teammate . aside from all the technological hurdles that have to be overcome with respect to hardware and control to make robots fit to work with humans , the added complication here is that humans have many conscious and subconscious expectations of their teammates - indeed , we argue that teaming is mostly a cognitive rather than physical coordination activity . this introduces n ←
→ automatic discovery of discriminative parts as a quadratic assignment problem ; part - based image classification consists in representing categories by small sets of discriminative parts upon which a representation of the images is built . this paper addresses the question of how to automatically learn such parts from a set of labeled training images . the training of parts is cast as a quadratic assignment problem in which optimal correspondences between image regions and parts are automatically learned . th ←
→ nemo : extraction and normalization of organization names from pubmed affiliation strings ; we propose nemo , a system for extracting organization names in the affiliation and normalizing them to a canonical organization name . our parsing process involves multi - layered rule matching with multiple dictionaries . the system achieves more than 98 % f - score in extracting organization names . our process of normalization that involves clustering based on local sequence alignment metrics and local learning based on ←
→ a randomized nonmonotone block proximal gradient method for a class of structured nonlinear programming ; we propose a randomized nonmonotone block proximal gradient ( rnbpg ) method for minimizing the sum of a smooth ( possibly nonconvex ) function and a block - separable ( possibly nonconvex nonsmooth ) function . at each iteration , this method randomly picks a block according to any prescribed probability distribution and solves typically several associated proximal subproblems that usually have a closed - form s ←
→ detection of anomalous crowd behavior using spatio - temporal multiresolution model and kronecker sum decompositions ; in this work we consider the problem of detecting anomalous spatio - temporal behavior in videos . our approach is to learn the normative multiframe pixel joint distribution and detect deviations from it using a likelihood based approach . due to the extreme lack of available training samples relative to the dimension of the distribution , we use a mean and covariance approach and consider metho ←
→ voxresnet : deep voxelwise residual networks for volumetric brain segmentation ; recently deep residual learning with residual units for training very deep neural networks advanced the state - of - the - art performance on 2d image recognition tasks , e . g ., object detection and segmentation . however , how to fully leverage contextual representations for recognition tasks from volumetric data has not been well studied , especially in the field of medical image computing , where a majority of image modalities are in v ←
→ on estimating multi - attribute choice preferences using private signals and matrix factorization ; revealed preference theory studies the possibility of modeling an agent ' s revealed preferences and the construction of a consistent utility function . however , modeling agent ' s choices over preference orderings is not always practical and demands strong assumptions on human rationality and data - acquisition abilities . therefore , we propose a simple generative choice model where agents are assumed to generate th ←
→ precision and recall for range - based anomaly detection ; classical anomaly detection is principally concerned with point - based anomalies , anomalies that occur at a single data point . in this paper , we present a new mathematical model to express range - based anomalies , anomalies that occur over a range ( or period ) of time .←
→ neural networks with finite intrinsic dimension have no spurious valleys ; neural networks provide a rich class of high - dimensional , non - convex optimization problems . despite their non - convexity , gradient - descent methods often successfully optimize these models . this has motivated a recent spur in research attempting to characterize properties of their loss surface that may be responsible for such success . in particular , several authors have noted that over - parametrization appears to act as a remedy against ←
→ deep speech 2 : end - to - end speech recognition in english and mandarin ; we show that an end - to - end deep learning approach can be used to recognize either english or mandarin chinese speech -- two vastly different languages . because it replaces entire pipelines of hand - engineered components with neural networks , end - to - end learning allows us to handle a diverse variety of speech including noisy environments , accents and different languages . key to our approach is our application of hpc techniques , resulting in ←
→ loss max - pooling for semantic image segmentation ; we introduce a novel loss max - pooling concept for handling imbalanced training data distributions , applicable as alternative loss layer in the context of deep neural networks for semantic image segmentation . most real - world semantic segmentation datasets exhibit long tail distributions with few object categories comprising the majority of data and consequently biasing the classifiers towards them . our method adaptively re - weights the contributions of each p ←
→ unconstrained influence diagrams ; we extend the language of influence diagrams to cope with decision scenarios where the order of decisions and observations is not determined . as the ordering of decisions is dependent on the evidence , a step - strategy of such a scenario is a sequence of dependent choices of the next action . a strategy is a step - strategy together with selection functions for decision actions . the structure of a step - strategy can be represented as a dag with nodes labeled with action variable ←
→ feature importance measure for non - linear learning algorithms ; complex problems may require sophisticated , non - linear learning methods such as kernel machines or deep neural networks to achieve state of the art prediction accuracies . however , high prediction accuracies are not the only objective to consider when solving problems using machine learning . instead , particular scientific applications require some explanation of the learned prediction function . unfortunately , most methods do not come with out of ←
→ detection of elliptical shapes via cross - entropy clustering ; the problem of finding elliptical shapes in an image will be considered . we discuss the solution which uses cross - entropy clustering . the proposed method allows the search for ellipses with predefined sizes and position in the space . moreover , it works well for search of ellipsoids in higher dimensions .←
→ q - wordnet ppv : simple , robust and ( almost ) unsupervised generation of polarity lexicons for multiple languages ; this paper presents a simple , robust and ( almost ) unsupervised dictionary - based method , qwn - ppv ( q - wordnet as personalized pageranking vector ) to automatically generate polarity lexicons . we show that qwn - ppv outperforms other automatically generated lexicons for the four extrinsic evaluations presented here . it also shows very competitive and robust results with respect to manually annotated o ←
→ joint object and part segmentation using deep learned potentials ; segmenting semantic objects from images and parsing them into their respective semantic parts are fundamental steps towards detailed object understanding in computer vision . in this paper , we propose a joint solution that tackles semantic object and part segmentation simultaneously , in which higher object - level context is provided to guide part segmentation , and more detailed part - level localization is utilized to refine object segmentation .←
→ learning without concentration ; we obtain sharp bounds on the performance of empirical risk minimization performed in a convex class and with respect to the squared loss , without assuming that class members and the target are bounded functions or have rapidly decaying tails . rather than resorting to a concentration - based argument , the method used here relies on a ` small - ball ' assumption and thus holds for classes consisting of heavy - tailed functions and for heavy - tailed targets . the resulting estimates ←
→ an ensemble - based system for automatic screening of diabetic retinopathy ; in this paper , an ensemble - based method for the screening of diabetic retinopathy ( dr ) is proposed . this approach is based on features extracted from the output of several retinal image processing algorithms , such as image - level ( quality assessment , pre - screening , am / fm ), lesion - specific ( microaneurysms , exudates ) and anatomical ( macula , optic disc ) components . the actual decision about the presence of the disease is then made by an ←
→ b - spline shape from motion & shading : an automatic free - form surface modeling for face reconstruction ; recently , many methods have been proposed for face reconstruction from multiple images , most of which involve fundamental principles of shape from shading and structure from motion . however , a majority of the methods just generate discrete surface model of face . in this paper , b - spline shape from motion and shading ( bssfms ) is proposed to reconstruct continuous b - spline surface for multi - view face image ←
→ complete dictionary recovery over the sphere ; we consider the problem of recovering a complete ( i . e ., square and invertible ) matrix $\ mathbf a_0 $, from $\ mathbf y \ in \ mathbb r ^{ n \ times p }$ with $\ mathbf y = \ mathbf a_0 \ mathbf x_0 $, provided $\ mathbf x_0 $ is sufficiently sparse . this recovery problem is central to the theoretical understanding of dictionary learning , which seeks a sparse representation for a collection of input signals , and finds numerous applications in modern signal processing and mach ←
→ voice conversion from unaligned corpora using variational autoencoding wasserstein generative adversarial networks ; building a voice conversion ( vc ) system from non - parallel speech corpora is challenging but highly valuable in real application scenarios . in most situations , the source and the target speakers do not repeat the same texts or they may even speak different languages . in this case , one possible , although indirect , solution is to build a generative model for speech . generative models focus on ←
→ deep voice 3 : scaling text - to - speech with convolutional sequence learning ; we present deep voice 3 , a fully - convolutional attention - based neural text - to - speech ( tts ) system . deep voice 3 matches state - of - the - art neural speech synthesis systems in naturalness while training ten times faster . we scale deep voice 3 to data set sizes unprecedented for tts , training on more than eight hundred hours of audio from over two thousand speakers . in addition , we identify common error modes of attention - based speech ←
→ rao - blackwellised particle filtering for dynamic bayesian networks ; particle filters ( pfs ) are powerful sampling - based inference / learning algorithms for dynamic bayesian networks ( dbns ). they allow us to treat , in a principled way , any type of probability distribution , nonlinearity and non - stationarity . they have appeared in several fields under such names as " condensation ", " sequential monte carlo " and " survival of the fittest ". in this paper , we show how we can exploit the structure of the dbn to increas ←
→ large - scale multi - label text classification - revisiting neural networks ; neural networks have recently been proposed for multi - label classification because they are able to capture and model label dependencies in the output layer . in this work , we investigate limitations of bp - mll , a neural network ( nn ) architecture that aims at minimizing pairwise ranking error . instead , we propose to use a comparably simple nn approach with recently proposed learning techniques for large - scale multi - label text classific ←
→ bam ! the behance artistic media dataset for recognition beyond photography ; computer vision systems are designed to work well within the context of everyday photography . however , artists often render the world around them in ways that do not resemble photographs . artwork produced by people is not constrained to mimic the physical world , making it more challenging for machines to recognize . this work is a step toward teaching machines how to categorize images in ways that are valuable to humans . first , ←
→ verb semantics and lexical selection ; this paper will focus on the semantic representation of verbs in computer systems and its impact on lexical selection problems in machine translation ( mt ). two groups of english and chinese verbs are examined to show that lexical selection must be based on interpretation of the sentence as well as selection restrictions placed on the verb arguments . a novel representation scheme is suggested , and is compared to representations with selection restrictions used in transf ←
→ fast stochastic variance reduced gradient method with momentum acceleration for machine learning ; recently , research on accelerated stochastic gradient descent methods ( e . g ., svrg ) has made exciting progress ( e . g ., linear convergence for strongly convex problems ). however , the best - known methods ( e . g ., katyusha ) requires at least two auxiliary variables and two momentum parameters . in this paper , we propose a fast stochastic variance reduction gradient ( fsvrg ) method , in which we design a novel update ru ←
→ one - way hash function based on neural network ; a hash function is constructed based on a three - layer neural network . the three neuron - layers are used to realize data confusion , diffusion and compression respectively , and the multi - block hash mode is presented to support the plaintext with variable length . theoretical analysis and experimental results show that this hash function is one - way , with high key sensitivity and plaintext sensitivity , and secure against birthday attacks or meet - in - the - middle attack ←
→ norm monitoring under partial action observability ; in the context of using norms for controlling multi - agent systems , a vitally important question that has not yet been addressed in the literature is the development of mechanisms for monitoring norm compliance under partial action observability . this paper proposes the reconstruction of unobserved actions to tackle this problem . in particular , we formalise the problem of reconstructing unobserved actions , and propose an information model and algorithms fo ←
→ vista : a visually , socially , and temporally - aware model for artistic recommendation ; understanding users ' interactions with highly subjective content --- like artistic images --- is challenging due to the complex semantics that guide our preferences . on the one hand one has to overcome ` standard ' recommender systems challenges , such as dealing with large , sparse , and long - tailed datasets . on the other , several new challenges present themselves , such as the need to model content in terms of its visual appeara ←
→ a rank - svm approach to anomaly detection ; we propose a novel non - parametric adaptive anomaly detection algorithm for high dimensional data based on rank - svm . data points are first ranked based on scores derived from nearest neighbor graphs on n - point nominal data . we then train a rank - svm using this ranked data . a test - point is declared as an anomaly at alpha - false alarm level if the predicted score is in the alpha - percentile . the resulting anomaly detector is shown to be asymptotically optimal and adaptiv ←
→ the universal evolutionary computer based on super - recursive algorithms of evolvability ; this work exposes which mechanisms and procesess in the nature of evolution compute a function not computable by turing machine . the computer with intelligence that is not higher than one bacteria population could have , but with efficency to solve the problems that are non - computable by turing machine is represented . this theoretical construction is called universal evolutinary computer and it is based on the superec ←
→ sentiment analysis based on rhetorical structure theory : learning deep neural networks from discourse trees ; prominent applications of sentiment analysis are countless , covering areas such as marketing , customer service and communication . the conventional bag - of - words approach for measuring sentiment merely counts term frequencies ; however , it neglects the position of the terms within the discourse . as a remedy , we develop a discourse - aware method that builds upon the discourse structure of documents . fo ←
→ a stochastic view of optimal regret through minimax duality ; we study the regret of optimal strategies for online convex optimization games . using von neumann ' s minimax theorem , we show that the optimal regret in this adversarial setting is closely related to the behavior of the empirical minimization algorithm in a stochastic process setting : it is equal to the maximum , over joint distributions of the adversary ' s action sequence , of the difference between a sum of minimal expected losses and the minimal e ←
→ obda constraints for effective query answering ( extended version ) ; in ontology based data access ( obda ) users pose sparql queries over an ontology that lies on top of relational datasources . these queries are translated on - the - fly into sql queries by obda systems . standard sparql - to - sql translation techniques in obda often produce sql queries containing redundant joins and unions , even after a number of semantic and structural optimizations . these redundancies are detrimental to the performance of query an ←
→ deep crisp boundaries : from boundaries to higher - level tasks ; edge detection has made significant progress with the help of deep convolutional networks ( convnet ). convnet based edge detectors approached human level performance on standard benchmarks . we provide a systematical study of these detector outputs , and show that they failed to accurately localize edges , which can be adversarial for tasks that require crisp edge inputs . in addition , we propose a novel refinement architecture to address the challen ←
→ global optimization using lévy flights ; this paper studies a class of enhanced diffusion processes in which random walkers perform l \' evy flights and apply it for global optimization . l \' evy flights offer controlled balance between exploitation and exploration . we develop four optimization algorithms based on such properties . we compare new algorithms with the well - known simulated annealing on hard test functions and the results are very promising .←
→ incremental import vector machines for classifying hyperspectral data ; in this paper we propose an incremental learning strategy for import vector machines ( ivm ), which is a sparse kernel logistic regression approach . we use the procedure for the concept of self - training for sequential classification of hyperspectral data . the strategy comprises the inclusion of new training samples to increase the classification accuracy and the deletion of non - informative samples to be memory - and runtime - efficient . more ←
→ agnostic active learning without constraints ; we present and analyze an agnostic active learning algorithm that works without keeping a version space . this is unlike all previous approaches where a restricted set of candidate hypotheses is maintained throughout learning , and only hypotheses from this set are ever returned . by avoiding this version space approach , our algorithm sheds the computational burden and brittleness associated with maintaining version spaces , yet still allows for substantial improve ←
→ implicit causal models for genome - wide association studies ; progress in probabilistic generative models has accelerated , developing richer models with neural architectures , implicit densities , and with scalable algorithms for their bayesian inference . however , there has been limited progress in models that capture causal relationships , for example , how individual genetic factors cause major human diseases . in this work , we focus on two challenges in particular : how do we build richer causal models , which c ←
→ a comprehensive review of firefly algorithms ; the firefly algorithm has become an increasingly important tool of swarm intelligence that has been applied in almost all areas of optimization , as well as engineering practice . many problems from various areas have been successfully solved using the firefly algorithm and its variants . in order to use the algorithm to solve diverse problems , the original firefly algorithm needs to be modified or hybridized . this paper carries out a comprehensive review of this ←
→' computing ' as information compression by multiple alignment , unification and search ; this paper argues that the operations of a ' universal turing machine ' ( utm ) and equivalent mechanisms such as the ' post canonical system ' ( pcs ) - which are widely accepted as definitions of the concept of ` computing ' - may be interpreted as * information compression by multiple alignment , unification and search * ( icmaus ). the motivation for this interpretation is that it suggests ways in which the utm / pcs model may be ←
→ conducting credit assignment by aligning local representations ; the use of back - propagation and its variants to train deep networks is often problematic for new users , with issues such as exploding gradients , vanishing gradients , and high sensitivity to weight initialization strategies often making networks difficult to train . in this paper , we present local representation alignment ( lra ), a training procedure that is much less sensitive to bad initializations , does not require modifications to the network ←
→ grounding visual explanations ( extended abstract ) ; existing models which generate textual explanations enforce task relevance through a discriminative term loss function , but such mechanisms only weakly constrain mentioned object parts to actually be present in the image . in this paper , a new model is proposed for generating explanations by utilizing localized grounding of constituent phrases in generated explanations to ensure image relevance . specifically , we introduce a phrase - critic model to refine ( re ←
→ studying very low resolution recognition using deep networks ; visual recognition research often assumes a sufficient resolution of the region of interest ( roi ). that is usually violated in practice , inspiring us to explore the very low resolution recognition ( vlrr ) problem . typically , the roi in a vlrr problem can be smaller than $ 16 \ times 16 $ pixels , and is challenging to be recognized even by human experts . we attempt to solve the vlrr problem using deep learning methods . taking advantage of techniques ←
→ an artificial agent for robust image registration ; 3 - d image registration , which involves aligning two or more images , is a critical step in a variety of medical applications from diagnosis to therapy . image registration is commonly performed by optimizing an image matching metric as a cost function . however , this task is challenging due to the non - convex nature of the matching metric over the plausible registration parameter space and insufficient approaches for a robust optimization . as a result , current ←
→ a logic - based approach to data integration ; an important aspect of data integration involves answering queries using various resources rather than by accessing database relations . the process of transforming a query from the database relations to the resources is often referred to as query folding or answering queries using views , where the views are the resources . we present a uniform approach that includes as special cases much of the previous work on this subject . our approach is logic - based using resol ←
→ convergence rates of sub - sampled newton methods ; we consider the problem of minimizing a sum of $ n $ functions over a convex parameter set $\ mathcal { c } \ subset \ mathbb { r }^ p $ where $ n \ gg p \ gg 1 $. in this regime , algorithms which utilize sub - sampling techniques are known to be effective . in this paper , we use sub - sampling techniques together with low - rank approximation to design a new randomized batch algorithm which possesses comparable convergence rate to newton ' s method , yet has much smaller per - iteration ←
→ flying triangulation - towards the 3d movie camera ; flying triangulation sensors enable a free - hand and motion - robust 3d data acquisition of complex shaped objects . the measurement principle is based on a multi - line light - sectioning approach and uses sophisticated algorithms for real - time registration ( s . ettl et al ., appl . opt . 51 ( 2012 ) 281 - 289 ). as " single - shot principle ", light sectioning enables the option to get surface data from one single camera exposure . but there is a drawback : a pixel - dense meas ←
→ creating simplified 3d models with high quality textures ; this paper presents an extension to the kinectfusion algorithm which allows creating simplified 3d models with high quality rgb textures . this is achieved through ( i ) creating model textures using images from an hd rgb camera that is calibrated with kinect depth camera , ( ii ) using a modified scheme to update model textures in an asymmetrical colour volume that contains a higher number of voxels than that of the geometry volume , ( iii ) simplifying den ←
→ non - negative matrix factorization with linear constraints for single - channel speech enhancement ; this paper investigates a non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf )- based approach to the semi - supervised single - channel speech enhancement problem where only non - stationary additive noise signals are given . the proposed method relies on sinusoidal model of speech production which is integrated inside nmf framework using linear constraints on dictionary atoms . this method is further developed to regularize harm ←
→ one sense per collocation and genre / topic variations ; this paper revisits the one sense per collocation hypothesis using fine - grained sense distinctions and two different corpora . we show that the hypothesis is weaker for fine - grained sense distinctions ( 70 % vs . 99 % reported earlier on 2 - way ambiguities ). we also show that one sense per collocation does hold across corpora , but that collocations vary from one corpus to the other , following genre and topic variations . this explains the low results when perf ←
→ predicting audience ' s laughter using convolutional neural network ; for the purpose of automatically evaluating speakers ' humor usage , we build a presentation corpus containing humorous utterances based on ted talks . compared to previous data resources supporting humor recognition research , ours has several advantages , including ( a ) both positive and negative instances coming from a homogeneous data set , ( b ) containing a large number of speakers , and ( c ) being open . focusing on using lexical cues for humor ←
→ on the numeric stability of the sfa implementation sfa - tk ; slow feature analysis ( sfa ) is a method for extracting slowly varying features from a quickly varying multidimensional signal . an open source matlab - implementation sfa - tk makes sfa easily useable . we show here that under certain circumstances , namely when the covariance matrix of the nonlinearly expanded data does not have full rank , this implementation runs into numerical instabilities . we propse a modified algorithm based on singular value decomp ←
→ covariant fractional extension of the modified laplace - operator used in 3d - shape recovery ; extending the liouville - caputo definition of a fractional derivative to a nonlocal covariant generalization of arbitrary bound operators acting on multidimensional riemannian spaces an appropriate approach for the 3d shape recovery of aperture afflicted 2d slide sequences is proposed . we demonstrate , that the step from a local to a nonlocal algorithm yields an order of magnitude in accuracy and by using the specifi ←
→ regularized laplacian estimation and fast eigenvector approximation ; recently , mahoney and orecchia demonstrated that popular diffusion - based procedures to compute a quick \ emph { approximation } to the first nontrivial eigenvector of a data graph laplacian \ emph { exactly } solve certain regularized semi - definite programs ( sdps ). in this paper , we extend that result by providing a statistical interpretation of their approximation procedure . our interpretation will be analogous to the manner in which $\ ell_2 $- re ←
→ towards ultra - high performance and energy efficiency of deep learning systems : an algorithm - hardware co - optimization framework ; hardware accelerations of deep learning systems have been extensively investigated in industry and academia . the aim of this paper is to achieve ultra - high energy efficiency and performance for hardware implementations of deep neural networks ( dnns ). an algorithm - hardware co - optimization framework is developed , which is applicable to different dnn types , sizes , and application s ←
→ sparse dictionary - based attributes for action recognition and summarization ; we present an approach for dictionary learning of action attributes via information maximization . we unify the class distribution and appearance information into an objective function for learning a sparse dictionary of action attributes . the objective function maximizes the mutual information between what has been learned and what remains to be learned in terms of appearance information and class distribution for each dictionar ←
→ supervised feature evaluation by consistency analysis : application to measure sets used to characterise geographic objects ; nowadays , supervised learning is commonly used in many domains . indeed , many works propose to learn new knowledge from examples that translate the expected behaviour of the considered system . a key issue of supervised learning concerns the description language used to represent the examples . in this paper , we propose a method to evaluate the feature set used to describe them . our me ←
→ analysis of statistical hypothesis based learning mechanism for faster crawling ; the growth of world - wide - web ( www ) spreads its wings from an intangible quantities of web - pages to a gigantic hub of web information which gradually increases the complexity of crawling process in a search engine . a search engine handles a lot of queries from various parts of this world , and the answers of it solely depend on the knowledge that it gathers by means of crawling . the information sharing becomes a most common ha ←
→ cross - conformal predictors ; this note introduces the method of cross - conformal prediction , which is a hybrid of the methods of inductive conformal prediction and cross - validation , and studies its validity and predictive efficiency empirically .←
→" i ' m sorry dave , i ' m afraid i can ' t do that ": linguistics , statistics , and natural language processing circa 2001 ; a brief , general - audience overview of the history of natural language processing , focusing on data - driven approaches . topics include " ambiguity and language analysis ", " firth things first ", " a ' c ' change ", and " the empiricists strike back ".←
→ high - dimensional regularized discriminant analysis ; regularized discriminant analysis ( rda ), proposed by friedman ( 1989 ), is a widely popular classifier that lacks interpretability and is impractical for high - dimensional data sets . here , we present an interpretable and computationally efficient classifier called high - dimensional rda ( hdrda ), designed for the small - sample , high - dimensional setting . for hdrda , we show that each training observation , regardless of class , contributes to the class covariance ma ←
→ se3 - pose - nets : structured deep dynamics models for visuomotor planning and control ; in this work , we present an approach to deep visuomotor control using structured deep dynamics models . our deep dynamics model , a variant of se3 - nets , learns a low - dimensional pose embedding for visuomotor control via an encoder - decoder structure . unlike prior work , our dynamics model is structured : given an input scene , our network explicitly learns to segment salient parts and predict their pose - embedding along with the ←
→ structural bias in population - based algorithms ; challenging optimisation problems are abundant in all areas of science . since the 1950s , scientists have developed ever - diversifying families of black box optimisation algorithms designed to address any optimisation problem , requiring only that quality of a candidate solution is calculated via a fitness function specific to the problem . for such algorithms to be successful , at least three properties are required : an effective informed sampling strategy , that ←
→ generation and pruning of pronunciation variants to improve asr accuracy ; speech recognition , especially name recognition , is widely used in phone services such as company directory dialers , stock quote providers or location finders . it is usually challenging due to pronunciation variations . this paper proposes an efficient and robust data - driven technique which automatically learns acceptable word pronunciations and updates the pronunciation dictionary to build a better lexicon without affecting recogniti ←
→ fine hand segmentation using convolutional neural networks ; we propose a method for extracting very accurate masks of hands in egocentric views . our method is based on a novel deep learning architecture : in contrast with current deep learning methods , we do not use upscaling layers applied to a low - dimensional representation of the input image . instead , we extract features with convolutional layers and map them directly to a segmentation mask with a fully connected layer . we show that this approach , when a ←
→ structured sparse principal components analysis with the tv - elastic net penalty ; principal component analysis ( pca ) is an exploratory tool widely used in data analysis to uncover dominant patterns of variability within a population . despite its ability to represent a data set in a low - dimensional space , the interpretability of pca remains limited . however , in neuroimaging , it is essential to uncover clinically interpretable phenotypic markers that would account for the main variability in the brain image ←
→ car - forest : joint classification - regression decision forests for overlapping audio event detection ; this report describes our submissions to task2 and task3 of the dcase 2016 challenge . the systems aim at dealing with the detection of overlapping audio events in continuous streams , where the detectors are based on random decision forests . the proposed forests are jointly trained for classification and regression simultaneously . initially , the training is classification - oriented to encourage the trees to ←
→ application of support vector regression to interpolation of sparse shock physics data sets ; shock physics experiments are often complicated and expensive . as a result , researchers are unable to conduct as many experiments as they would like - leading to sparse data sets . in this paper , support vector machines for regression are applied to velocimetry data sets for shock damaged and melted tin metal . some success at interpolating between data sets is achieved . implications for future work are discussed .←
→ real - time topic - aware influence maximization using preprocessing ; influence maximization is the task of finding a set of seed nodes in a social network such that the influence spread of these seed nodes based on certain influence diffusion model is maximized . topic - aware influence diffusion models have been recently proposed to address the issue that influence between a pair of users are often topic - dependent and information , ideas , innovations etc . being propagated in networks ( referred collectively as it ←
→ asr error management for improving spoken language understanding ; this paper addresses the problem of automatic speech recognition ( asr ) error detection and their use for improving spoken language understanding ( slu ) systems . in this study , the slu task consists in automatically extracting , from asr transcriptions , semantic concepts and concept / values pairs in a e . g touristic information system . an approach is proposed for enriching the set of semantic labels with error specific labels and by using a rece ←
→ deep reinforcement learning with a combinatorial action space for predicting popular reddit threads ; we introduce an online popularity prediction and tracking task as a benchmark task for reinforcement learning with a combinatorial , natural language action space . a specified number of discussion threads predicted to be popular are recommended , chosen from a fixed window of recent comments to track . novel deep reinforcement learning architectures are studied for effective modeling of the value function as ←
→ isolating sources of disentanglement in variational autoencoders ; we decompose the evidence lower bound to show the existence of a term measuring the total correlation between latent variables . we use this to motivate our $\ beta $- tcvae ( total correlation variational autoencoder ), a refinement of the state - of - the - art $\ beta $- vae objective for learning disentangled representations , requiring no additional hyperparameters during training . we further propose a principled classifier - free measure of disentanglem ←
→ on complex valued convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are the cutting edge model for supervised machine learning in computer vision . in recent years cnns have outperformed traditional approaches in many computer vision tasks such as object detection , image classification and face recognition . cnns are vulnerable to overfitting , and a lot of research focuses on finding regularization methods to overcome it . one approach is designing task specific models based on prior knowled ←
→ shopper : a probabilistic model of consumer choice with substitutes and complements ; we develop shopper , a sequential probabilistic model of market baskets . shopper uses interpretable components to model the forces that drive how a customer chooses products ; in particular , we designed shopper to capture how items interact with other items . we develop an efficient posterior inference algorithm to estimate these forces from large - scale data , and we analyze a large dataset from a major chain grocery store . w ←
→ lifelong learning crf for supervised aspect extraction ; this paper makes a focused contribution to supervised aspect extraction . it shows that if the system has performed aspect extraction from many past domains and retained their results as knowledge , conditional random fields ( crf ) can leverage this knowledge in a lifelong learning manner to extract in a new domain markedly better than the traditional crf without using this prior knowledge . the key innovation is that even after crf training , the model ca ←
→ orb - slam2 : an open - source slam system for monocular , stereo and rgb - d cameras ; we present orb - slam2 a complete slam system for monocular , stereo and rgb - d cameras , including map reuse , loop closing and relocalization capabilities . the system works in real - time on standard cpus in a wide variety of environments from small hand - held indoors sequences , to drones flying in industrial environments and cars driving around a city . our back - end based on bundle adjustment with monocular and stereo observations al ←
→ low impact artificial intelligences ; there are many goals for an ai that could become dangerous if the ai becomes superintelligent or otherwise powerful . much work on the ai control problem has been focused on constructing ai goals that are safe even for such ais . this paper looks at an alternative approach : defining a general concept of ` low impact '. the aim is to ensure that a powerful ai which implements low impact will not modify the world extensively , even if it is given a simple or dangerous goal . th ←
→ real - time video super - resolution with spatio - temporal networks and motion compensation ; convolutional neural networks have enabled accurate image super - resolution in real - time . however , recent attempts to benefit from temporal correlations in video super - resolution have been limited to naive or inefficient architectures . in this paper , we introduce spatio - temporal sub - pixel convolution networks that effectively exploit temporal redundancies and improve reconstruction accuracy while maintaining real - time ←
→ nmtpy : a flexible toolkit for advanced neural machine translation systems ; in this paper , we present nmtpy , a flexible python toolkit based on theano for training neural machine translation and other neural sequence - to - sequence architectures . nmtpy decouples the specification of a network from the training and inference utilities to simplify the addition of a new architecture and reduce the amount of boilerplate code to be written . nmtpy has been used for lium ' s top - ranked submissions to wmt multimodal m ←
→ practical riemannian neural networks ; we provide the first experimental results on non - synthetic datasets for the quasi - diagonal riemannian gradient descents for neural networks introduced in [ ollivier , 2015 ]. these include the mnist , svhn , and face datasets as well as a previously unpublished electroencephalogram dataset . the quasi - diagonal riemannian algorithms consistently beat simple stochastic gradient gradient descents by a varying margin . the computational overhead with respect to simple backpropaga ←
→ on the impossibility of learning the missing mass ; this paper shows that one cannot learn the probability of rare events without imposing further structural assumptions . the event of interest is that of obtaining an outcome outside the coverage of an i . i . d . sample from a discrete distribution . the probability of this event is referred to as the " missing mass ". the impossibility result can then be stated as : the missing mass is not distribution - free pac - learnable in relative error . the proof is semi - constru ←
→ high - resolution image synthesis and semantic manipulation with conditional gans ; we present a new method for synthesizing high - resolution photo - realistic images from semantic label maps using conditional generative adversarial networks ( conditional gans ). conditional gans have enabled a variety of applications , but the results are often limited to low - resolution and still far from realistic . in this work , we generate 2048x1024 visually appealing results with a novel adversarial loss , as well as new multi ←
→ runtime analysis of the $( 1 +( λ , λ ))$ genetic algorithm on random satisfiable 3 - cnf formulas ; the $( 1 +(\ lambda ,\ lambda ))$ genetic algorithm , first proposed at gecco 2013 , showed a surprisingly good performance on so me optimization problems . the theoretical analysis so far was restricted to the onemax test function , where this ga profited from the perfect fitness - distance correlation . in this work , we conduct a rigorous runtime analysis of this ga on random 3 - sat instances in the planted solution model hav ←
→ unsupervised cross - dataset person re - identification by transfer learning of spatial - temporal patterns ; most of the proposed person re - identification algorithms conduct supervised training and testing on single labeled datasets with small size , so directly deploying these trained models to a large - scale real - world camera network may lead to poor performance due to underfitting . it is challenging to incrementally optimize the models by using the abundant unlabeled data collected from the target domain . to ←
→ towards multiple kernel principal component analysis for integrative analysis of tumor samples ; personalized treatment of patients based on tissue - specific cancer subtypes has strongly increased the efficacy of the chosen therapies . even though the amount of data measured for cancer patients has increased over the last years , most cancer subtypes are still diagnosed based on individual data sources ( e . g . gene expression data ). we propose an unsupervised data integration method based on kernel principal c ←
→ optimally - weighted herding is bayesian quadrature ; herding and kernel herding are deterministic methods of choosing samples which summarise a probability distribution . a related task is choosing samples for estimating integrals using bayesian quadrature . we show that the criterion minimised when selecting samples in kernel herding is equivalent to the posterior variance in bayesian quadrature . we then show that sequential bayesian quadrature can be viewed as a weighted version of kernel herding which achie ←
→ robust convolutional neural networks under adversarial noise ; recent studies have shown that convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are vulnerable to a small perturbation of input called " adversarial examples ". in this work , we propose a new feedforward cnn that improves robustness in the presence of adversarial noise . our model uses stochastic additive noise added to the input image and to the cnn models . the proposed model operates in conjunction with a cnn trained with either standard or adversarial objec ←
→ feature - distributed svrg for high - dimensional linear classification ; linear classification has been widely used in many high - dimensional applications like text classification . to perform linear classification for large - scale tasks , we often need to design distributed learning methods on a cluster of multiple machines . in this paper , we propose a new distributed learning method , called feature - distributed stochastic variance reduced gradient ( fd - svrg ) for high - dimensional linear classification . unlike most ←
→ wavelet - based reflection symmetry detection via textural and color histograms ; symmetry is one of the significant visual properties inside an image plane , to identify the geometrically balanced structures through real - world objects . existing symmetry detection methods rely on descriptors of the local image features and their neighborhood behavior , resulting incomplete symmetrical axis candidates to discover the mirror similarities on a global scale . in this paper , we propose a new reflection symmetry det ←
→ unifying decision trees split criteria using tsallis entropy ; the construction of efficient and effective decision trees remains a key topic in machine learning because of their simplicity and flexibility . a lot of heuristic algorithms have been proposed to construct near - optimal decision trees . id3 , c4 . 5 and cart are classical decision tree algorithms and the split criteria they used are shannon entropy , gain ratio and gini index respectively . all the split criteria seem to be independent , actually , they ←
→ artificial intelligence and asymmetric information theory ; when human agents come together to make decisions , it is often the case that one human agent has more information than the other . this phenomenon is called information asymmetry and this distorts the market . often if one human agent intends to manipulate a decision in its favor the human agent can signal wrong or right information . alternatively , one human agent can screen for information to reduce the impact of asymmetric information on decisions .←
→ securing interactive sessions using mobile device through visual channel and visual inspection ; communication channel established from a display to a device ' s camera is known as visual channel , and it is helpful in securing key exchange protocol . in this paper , we study how visual channel can be exploited by a network terminal and mobile device to jointly verify information in an interactive session , and how such information can be jointly presented in a user - friendly manner , taking into account that the ←
→ lasso type classifiers with a reject option ; we consider the problem of binary classification where one can , for a particular cost , choose not to classify an observation . we present a simple proof for the oracle inequality for the excess risk of structural risk minimizers using a lasso type penalty .←
→ low - complexity particle swarm optimization for time - critical applications ; particle swam optimization ( pso ) is a popular stochastic optimization method that has found wide applications in diverse fields . however , pso suffers from high computational complexity and slow convergence speed . high computational complexity hinders its use in applications that have limited power resources while slow convergence speed makes it unsuitable for time critical applications . in this paper , we propose two techniques to ←
→ the error probability of random fourier features is dimensionality independent ; we show that the error probability of reconstructing kernel matrices from random fourier features for the gaussian kernel function is at most $\ mathcal { o }( r ^{ 2 / 3 } \ exp (- d ))$, where $ d $ is the number of random features and $ r $ is the diameter of the data domain . we also provide an information - theoretic method - independent lower bound of $\ omega (\ exp (- d ))$ for $ r > 2 . 1 $. compared to prior work , we are the first to show that the er ←
→ bayesian best - arm identification for selecting influenza mitigation strategies ; pandemic influenza has the epidemic potential to kill millions of people . while various preventive measures exist ( i . a ., vaccination and school closures ), deciding on strategies that lead to their most effective and efficient use , remains challenging . to this end , individual - based epidemiological models are essential to assist decision makers in determining the best strategy to curve epidemic spread . however , individual - based ←
→ interpreting the syntactic and social elements of the tweet representations via elementary property prediction tasks ; research in social media analysis is experiencing a recent surge with a large number of works applying representation learning models to solve high - level syntactico - semantic tasks such as sentiment analysis , semantic textual similarity computation , hashtag prediction and so on . although the performance of the representation learning models are better than the traditional baselines for the ←
→ universum prescription : regularization using unlabeled data ; this paper shows that simply prescribing " none of the above " labels to unlabeled data has a beneficial regularization effect to supervised learning . we call it universum prescription by the fact that the prescribed labels cannot be one of the supervised labels . in spite of its simplicity , universum prescription obtained competitive results in training deep convolutional networks for cifar - 10 , cifar - 100 , stl - 10 and imagenet datasets . a qualitative ←
→ personalized age progression with bi - level aging dictionary learning ; age progression is defined as aesthetically re - rendering the aging face at any future age for an individual face . in this work , we aim to automatically render aging faces in a personalized way . basically , for each age group , we learn an aging dictionary to reveal its aging characteristics ( e . g ., wrinkles ), where the dictionary bases corresponding to the same index yet from two neighboring aging dictionaries form a particular aging patter ←
→ hybridizing psm and rsm operator for solving np - complete problems : application to travelling salesman problem ; in this paper , we present a new mutation operator , hybrid mutation ( hprm ), for a genetic algorithm that generates high quality solutions to the traveling salesman problem ( tsp ). the hybrid mutation operator constructs an offspring from a pair of parents by hybridizing two mutation operators , psm and rsm . the efficiency of the hprm is compared as against some existing mutation operators ; namely , ←
→ sentiment classification using images and label embeddings ; in this project we analysed how much semantic information images carry , and how much value image data can add to sentiment analysis of the text associated with the images . to better understand the contribution from images , we compared models which only made use of image data , models which only made use of text data , and models which combined both data types . we also analysed if this approach could help sentiment classifiers generalize to unknown s ←
→ the bayesian echo chamber : modeling social influence via linguistic accommodation ; we present the bayesian echo chamber , a new bayesian generative model for social interaction data . by modeling the evolution of people ' s language usage over time , this model discovers latent influence relationships between them . unlike previous work on inferring influence , which has primarily focused on simple temporal dynamics evidenced via turn - taking behavior , our model captures more nuanced influence relationships , evi ←
→ leveraging sparsity for efficient submodular data summarization ; the facility location problem is widely used for summarizing large datasets and has additional applications in sensor placement , image retrieval , and clustering . one difficulty of this problem is that submodular optimization algorithms require the calculation of pairwise benefits for all items in the dataset . this is infeasible for large problems , so recent work proposed to only calculate nearest neighbor benefits . one limitation is that seve ←
→ total variation and euler ' s elastica for supervised learning ; in recent years , total variation ( tv ) and euler ' s elastica ( ee ) have been successfully applied to image processing tasks such as denoising and inpainting . this paper investigates how to extend tv and ee to the supervised learning settings on high dimensional data . the supervised learning problem can be formulated as an energy functional minimization under tikhonov regularization scheme , where the energy is composed of a squared loss and a total ←
→ deep learning with a rethinking structure for multi - label classification ; multi - label classification ( mlc ) is an important learning problem that expects the learning algorithm to take the hidden correlation of the labels into account . extracting the hidden correlation is generally a challenging task . in this work , we propose a novel deep learning framework to better extract the hidden correlation with the help of the memory structure within recurrent neural networks . the memory stores the temporary guesses ←
→ gans for biological image synthesis ; in this paper , we propose a novel application of generative adversarial networks ( gan ) to the synthesis of cells imaged by fluorescence microscopy . compared to natural images , cells tend to have a simpler and more geometric global structure that facilitates image generation . however , the correlation between the spatial pattern of different fluorescent proteins reflects important biological functions , and synthesized images have to capture these relationships to be relev ←
→ learning a recurrent visual representation for image caption generation ; in this paper we explore the bi - directional mapping between images and their sentence - based descriptions . we propose learning this mapping using a recurrent neural network . unlike previous approaches that map both sentences and images to a common embedding , we enable the generation of novel sentences given an image . using the same model , we can also reconstruct the visual features associated with an image given its visual description .←
→ pulmonary vascular tree segmentation from contrast - enhanced ct images ; we present a pulmonary vessel segmentation algorithm , which is fast , fully automatic and robust . it uses a coarse segmentation of the airway tree and a left and right lung labeled volume to restrict a vessel enhancement filter , based on an offset medialness function , to the lungs . we show the application of our algorithm on contrast - enhanced ct images , where we derive a clinical parameter to detect pulmonary hypertension ( ph ) in patient ←
→ 1 billion pages = 1 million dollars ? mining the web to play " who wants to be a millionaire ?" ; we exploit the redundancy and volume of information on the web to build a computerized player for the abc tv game show ' who wants to be a millionaire ?' the player consists of a question - answering module and a decision - making module . the question - answering module utilizes question transformation techniques , natural language parsing , multiple information retrieval algorithms , and multiple search engines ; results a ←
→ financial market modeling with quantum neural networks ; econophysics has developed as a research field that applies the formalism of statistical mechanics and quantum mechanics to address economics and finance problems . the branch of econophysics that applies of quantum theory to economics and finance is called quantum econophysics . in finance , quantum econophysics ' contributions have ranged from option pricing to market dynamics modeling , behavioral finance and applications of game theory , integrating the ←
→ omnidirectional cnn for visual place recognition and navigation ; $ $ visual place recognition is challenging , especially when only a few place exemplars are given . to mitigate the challenge , we consider place recognition method using omnidirectional cameras and propose a novel omnidirectional convolutional neural network ( o - cnn ) to handle severe camera pose variation . given a visual input , the task of the o - cnn is not to retrieve the matched place exemplar , but to retrieve the closest place exemplar and est ←
→ learning sparse wavelet representations ; in this work we propose a method for learning wavelet filters directly from data . we accomplish this by framing the discrete wavelet transform as a modified convolutional neural network . we introduce an autoencoder wavelet transform network that is trained using gradient descent . we show that the model is capable of learning structured wavelet filters from synthetic and real data . the learned wavelets are shown to be similar to traditional wavelets that are derived ←
→ conditor1 : topic maps and dita labelling tool for textual documents with historical information ; conditor is a software tool which works with textual documents containing historical information . the purpose of this work two - fold : firstly to show the validity of the developed engine to correctly identify and label the entities of the universe of discourse with a labelled - combined xtm - dita model . secondly to explain the improvements achieved in the information retrieval process thanks to the use of a objec ←
→ inverse renormalization group transformation in bayesian image segmentations ; a new bayesian image segmentation algorithm is proposed by combining a loopy belief propagation with an inverse real space renormalization group transformation to reduce the computational time . in results of our experiment , we observe that the proposed method can reduce the computational time to less than one - tenth of that taken by conventional bayesian approaches .←
→ boosting image forgery detection using resampling features and copy - move analysis ; realistic image forgeries involve a combination of splicing , resampling , cloning , region removal and other methods . while resampling detection algorithms are effective in detecting splicing and resampling , copy - move detection algorithms excel in detecting cloning and region removal . in this paper , we combine these complementary approaches in a way that boosts the overall accuracy of image manipulation detection . we use the ←
→ ward ' s hierarchical clustering method : clustering criterion and agglomerative algorithm ; the ward error sum of squares hierarchical clustering method has been very widely used since its first description by ward in a 1963 publication . it has also been generalized in various ways . however there are different interpretations in the literature and there are different implementations of the ward agglomerative algorithm in commonly used software systems , including differing expressions of the agglomerative cr ←
→ modeling events with cascades of poisson processes ; we present a probabilistic model of events in continuous time in which each event triggers a poisson process of successor events . the ensemble of observed events is thereby modeled as a superposition of poisson processes . efficient inference is feasible under this model with an em algorithm . moreover , the em algorithm can be implemented as a distributed algorithm , permitting the model to be applied to very large datasets . we apply these techniques to the ←
→ world knowledge as indirect supervision for document clustering ; one of the key obstacles in making learning protocols realistic in applications is the need to supervise them , a costly process that often requires hiring domain experts . we consider the framework to use the world knowledge as indirect supervision . world knowledge is general - purpose knowledge , which is not designed for any specific domain . then the key challenges are how to adapt the world knowledge to domains and how to represent it for lear ←
→ approximation and exactness in finite state optimality theory ; previous work ( frank and satta 1998 ; karttunen , 1998 ) has shown that optimality theory with gradient constraints generally is not finite state . a new finite - state treatment of gradient constraints is presented which improves upon the approximation of karttunen ( 1998 ). the method turns out to be exact , and very compact , for the syllabification analysis of prince and smolensky ( 1993 ).←
→ non - convex weighted lp minimization based group sparse representation framework for image denoising ; nonlocal image representation or group sparsity has attracted considerable interest in various low - level vision tasks and has led to several state - of - the - art image denoising techniques , such as bm3d , lssc . in the past , convex optimization with sparsity - promoting convex regularization was usually regarded as a standard scheme for estimating sparse signals in noise . however , using convex regularization can ←
→ ordered { and , or }- decomposition and binary - decision diagram ; in the context of knowledge compilation ( kc ), we study the effect of augmenting ordered binary decision diagrams ( obdd ) with two kinds of decomposition nodes , i . e ., and - vertices and or - vertices which denote conjunctive and disjunctive decomposition of propositional knowledge bases , respectively . the resulting knowledge compilation language is called ordered { and , or }- decomposition and binary - decision diagram ( oaodd ). roughly speaking , several pre ←
→ gazegan - unpaired adversarial image generation for gaze estimation ; recent research has demonstrated the ability to estimate gaze on mobile devices by performing inference on the image from the phone ' s front - facing camera , and without requiring specialized hardware . while this offers wide potential applications such as in human - computer interaction , medical diagnosis and accessibility ( e . g ., hands free gaze as input for patients with motor disorders ), current methods are limited as they rely on collecting ←
→ a unified framework for probabilistic component analysis ; we present a unifying framework which reduces the construction of probabilistic component analysis techniques to a mere selection of the latent neighbourhood , thus providing an elegant and principled framework for creating novel component analysis models as well as constructing probabilistic equivalents of deterministic component analysis methods . under our framework , we unify many very popular and well - studied component analysis algorithms , such as ←
→ cached sufficient statistics for efficient machine learning with large datasets ; this paper introduces new algorithms and data structures for quick counting for machine learning datasets . we focus on the counting task of constructing contingency tables , but our approach is also applicable to counting the number of records in a dataset that match conjunctive queries . subject to certain assumptions , the costs of these operations can be shown to be independent of the number of records in the dataset and log ←
→ resource allocation using metaheuristic search ; this research is focused on solving problems in the area of software project management using metaheuristic search algorithms and as such is research in the field of search based software engineering . the main aim of this research is to evaluate the performance of different metaheuristic search techniques in resource allocation and scheduling problems that would be typical of software development projects . this paper reports a set of experiments which evaluat ←
→ ode - augmented training improves anomaly detection in sensor data from machines ; machines of all kinds from vehicles to industrial equipment are increasingly instrumented with hundreds of sensors . using such data to detect anomalous behaviour is critical for safety and efficient maintenance . however , anomalies occur rarely and with great variety in such systems , so there is often insufficient anomalous data to build reliable detectors . a standard approach to mitigate this problem is to use one class met ←
→ supervised laplacian eigenmaps with applications in clinical diagnostics for pediatric cardiology ; electronic health records contain rich textual data which possess critical predictive information for machine - learning based diagnostic aids . however many traditional machine learning methods fail to simultaneously integrate both vector space data and text . we present a supervised method using laplacian eigenmaps to augment existing machine - learning methods with low - dimensional representations of textual pr ←
→ proceedings of the eighth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 1992 ) ; this is the proceedings of the eighth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in stanford , ca , july 17 - 19 , 1992 ←
→ efficient optimization for sparse gaussian process regression ; we propose an efficient optimization algorithm for selecting a subset of training data to induce sparsity for gaussian process regression . the algorithm estimates an inducing set and the hyperparameters using a single objective , either the marginal likelihood or a variational free energy . the space and time complexity are linear in training set size , and the algorithm can be applied to large regression problems on discrete or continuous domains ←
→ analysis of universal adversarial perturbations ; deep networks have recently been shown to be vulnerable to universal perturbations : there exist very small image - agnostic perturbations that cause most natural images to be misclassified by such classifiers . in this paper , we propose the first quantitative analysis of the robustness of classifiers to universal perturbations , and draw a formal link between the robustness to universal perturbations , and the geometry of the decision boundary . specifically , we e ←
→ visual closed - loop control for pouring liquids ; pouring a specific amount of liquid is a challenging task . in this paper we develop methods for robots to use visual feedback to perform closed - loop control for pouring liquids . we propose both a model - based and a model - free method utilizing deep learning for estimating the volume of liquid in a container . our results show that the model - free method is better able to estimate the volume . we combine this with a simple pid controller to pour specific amounts of ←
→ deep convolutional networks as models of generalization and blending within visual creativity ; we examine two recent artificial intelligence ( ai ) based deep learning algorithms for visual blending in convolutional neural networks ( mordvintsev et al . 2015 , gatys et al . 2015 ). to investigate the potential value of these algorithms as tools for computational creativity research , we explain and schematize the essential aspects of the algorithms ' operation and give visual examples of their output . we discuss ←
→ a new greedy algorithm for multiple sparse regression ; this paper proposes a new algorithm for multiple sparse regression in high dimensions , where the task is to estimate the support and values of several ( typically related ) sparse vectors from a few noisy linear measurements . our algorithm is a " forward - backward " greedy procedure that -- uniquely -- operates on two distinct classes of objects . in particular , we organize our target sparse vectors as a matrix ; our algorithm involves iterative addition and ←
→ question - answering with grammatically - interpretable representations ; we introduce an architecture , the tensor product recurrent network ( tprn ). in our application of tprn , internal representations learned by end - to - end optimization in a deep neural network performing a textual question - answering ( qa ) task can be interpreted using basic concepts from linguistic theory . no performance penalty need be paid for this increased interpretability : the proposed model performs comparably to a state - of - the - art system ←
→ theoretical analysis of the optimal free responses of graph - based sfa for the design of training graphs ; slow feature analysis ( sfa ) is an unsupervised learning algorithm that extracts slowly varying features from a time series . graph - based sfa ( gsfa ) is a supervised extension that can solve regression problems if followed by a post - processing regression algorithm . a training graph specifies arbitrary connections between the training samples . the connections in current graphs , however , only depend on the ←
→ sublabel - accurate discretization of nonconvex free - discontinuity problems ; in this work we show how sublabel - accurate multilabeling approaches can be derived by approximating a classical label - continuous convex relaxation of nonconvex free - discontinuity problems . this insight allows to extend these sublabel - accurate approaches from total variation to general convex and nonconvex regularizations . furthermore , it leads to a systematic approach to the discretization of continuous convex relaxations . we stud ←
→ predictive entropy search for efficient global optimization of black - box functions ; we propose a novel information - theoretic approach for bayesian optimization called predictive entropy search ( pes ). at each iteration , pes selects the next evaluation point that maximizes the expected information gained with respect to the global maximum . pes codifies this intractable acquisition function in terms of the expected reduction in the differential entropy of the predictive distribution . this reformulation allo ←
→ dear sir or madam , may i introduce the yafc corpus : corpus , benchmarks and metrics for formality style transfer ; style transfer is the task of automatically transforming a piece of text in one particular style into another . a major barrier to progress in this field has been a lack of training and evaluation datasets , as well as benchmarks and automatic metrics . in this work , we create the largest corpus for a particular stylistic transfer ( formality ) and show that techniques from the machine translation ←
→ bayesian model averaging using the k - best bayesian network structures ; we study the problem of learning bayesian network structures from data . we develop an algorithm for finding the k - best bayesian network structures . we propose to compute the posterior probabilities of hypotheses of interest by bayesian model averaging over the k - best bayesian networks . we present empirical results on structural discovery over several real and synthetic data sets and show that the method outperforms the model selection m ←
→ regularized spectral clustering under the degree - corrected stochastic blockmodel ; spectral clustering is a fast and popular algorithm for finding clusters in networks . recently , chaudhuri et al . ( 2012 ) and amini et al .( 2012 ) proposed inspired variations on the algorithm that artificially inflate the node degrees for improved statistical performance . the current paper extends the previous statistical estimation results to the more canonical spectral clustering algorithm in a way that removes any assumptio ←
→ automatic facial feature extraction and expression recognition based on neural network ; in this paper , an approach to the problem of automatic facial feature extraction from a still frontal posed image and classification and recognition of facial expression and hence emotion and mood of a person is presented . feed forward back propagation neural network is used as a classifier for classifying the expressions of supplied face into seven basic categories like surprise , neutral , sad , disgust , fear , happy an ←
→ the eigenoption - critic framework ; eigenoptions ( eos ) have been recently introduced as a promising idea for generating a diverse set of options through the graph laplacian , having been shown to allow efficient exploration . despite its initial promising results , a couple of issues in current algorithms limit its application , namely : ( 1 ) eo methods require two separate steps ( eigenoption discovery and reward maximization ) to learn a control policy , which can incur a significant amount of storage and computati ←
→ active markov information - theoretic path planning for robotic environmental sensing ; recent research in multi - robot exploration and mapping has focused on sampling environmental fields , which are typically modeled using the gaussian process ( gp ). existing information - theoretic exploration strategies for learning gp - based environmental field maps adopt the non - markovian problem structure and consequently scale poorly with the length of history of observations . hence , it becomes computationally impractical ←
→ bucket renormalization for approximate inference ; probabilistic graphical models are a key tool in machine learning applications . computing the partition function , i . e ., normalizing constant , is a fundamental task of statistical inference but it is generally computationally intractable , leading to extensive study of approximation methods . iterative variational methods are a popular and successful family of approaches . however , even state of the art variational methods can return poor results or fail to con ←
→ local expression languages for probabilistic dependence : a preliminary report ; we present a generalization of the local expression language used in the symbolic probabilistic inference ( spi ) approach to inference in belief nets [ 1l , [ 8 ]. the local expression language in spi is the language in which the dependence of a node on its antecedents is described . the original language represented the dependence as a single monolithic conditional probability distribution . the extended language provides a set of o ←
→ weakly supervised image annotation and segmentation with objects and attributes ; we propose to model complex visual scenes using a non - parametric bayesian model learned from weakly labelled images abundant on media sharing sites such as flickr . given weak image - level annotations of objects and attributes without locations or associations between them , our model aims to learn the appearance of object and attribute classes as well as their association on each object instance . once learned , given an image , ←
→ automatic fado music classification ; in late 2011 , fado was elevated to the oral and intangible heritage of humanity by unesco . this study aims to develop a tool for automatic detection of fado music based on the audio signal . to do this , frequency spectrum - related characteristics were captured form the audio signal : in addition to the mel frequency cepstral coefficients ( mfccs ) and the energy of the signal , the signal was further analysed in two frequency ranges , providing additional information . tests we ←
→ evaluation of a simple , scalable , parallel best - first search strategy ; large - scale , parallel clusters composed of commodity processors are increasingly available , enabling the use of vast processing capabilities and distributed ram to solve hard search problems . we investigate hash - distributed a * ( hda *), a simple approach to parallel best - first search that asynchronously distributes and schedules work among processors based on a hash function of the search state . we use this approach to parallelize the a * ←
→ polynomial neural networks learnt to classify eeg signals ; a neural network based technique is presented , which is able to successfully extract polynomial classification rules from labeled electroencephalogram ( eeg ) signals . to represent the classification rules in an analytical form , we use the polynomial neural networks trained by a modified group method of data handling ( gmdh ). the classification rules were extracted from clinical eeg data that were recorded from an alzheimer patient and the sudden deat ←
→ interpreting deep classifier by visual distillation of dark knowledge ; interpreting black box classifiers , such as deep networks , allows an analyst to validate a classifier before it is deployed in a high - stakes setting . a natural idea is to visualize the deep network ' s representations , so as to " see what the network sees ". in this paper , we demonstrate that standard dimension reduction methods in this setting can yield uninformative or even misleading visualizations . instead , we present darksight , which v ←
→ parameter space noise for exploration ; deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) methods generally engage in exploratory behavior through noise injection in the action space . an alternative is to add noise directly to the agent ' s parameters , which can lead to more consistent exploration and a richer set of behaviors . methods such as evolutionary strategies use parameter perturbations , but discard all temporal structure in the process and require significantly more samples . combining parameter noise with traditional ←
→ online open world recognition ; as we enter into the big data age and an avalanche of images have become readily available , recognition systems face the need to move from close , lab settings where the number of classes and training data are fixed , to dynamic scenarios where the number of categories to be recognized grows continuously over time , as well as new data providing useful information to update the system . recent attempts , like the open world recognition framework , tried to inject dynamics into the ←
→ model criticism in latent space ; model criticism is usually carried out by assessing if replicated data generated under the fitted model looks similar to the observed data , see e . g . gelman , carlin , stern , and rubin ( 2004 , p . 165 ). this paper presents a method for latent variable models by pulling back the data into the space of latent variables , and carrying out model criticism in that space . making use of a model ' s structure enables a more direct assessment of the assumptions made in the prior and likelih ←
→ supervised attentions for neural machine translation ; in this paper , we improve the attention or alignment accuracy of neural machine translation by utilizing the alignments of training sentence pairs . we simply compute the distance between the machine attentions and the " true " alignments , and minimize this cost in the training procedure . our experiments on large - scale chinese - to - english task show that our model improves both translation and alignment qualities significantly over the large - vocabulary neura ←
→ split and rephrase ; we propose a new sentence simplification task ( split - and - rephrase ) where the aim is to split a complex sentence into a meaning preserving sequence of shorter sentences . like sentence simplification , splitting - and - rephrasing has the potential of benefiting both natural language processing and societal applications . because shorter sentences are generally better processed by nlp systems , it could be used as a preprocessing step which facilitates and improves the performance of parsers , se ←
→ cross - lingual dataless classification for languages with small wikipedia presence ; this paper presents an approach to classify documents in any language into an english topical label space , without any text categorization training data . the approach , cross - lingual dataless document classification ( clddc ) relies on mapping the english labels or short category description into a wikipedia - based semantic representation , and on the use of the target language wikipedia . consequently , performance could suffer ←
→ filtrage vaste marge pour l ' étiquetage séquentiel à noyaux de signaux ; we address in this paper the problem of multi - channel signal sequence labeling . in particular , we consider the problem where the signals are contaminated by noise or may present some dephasing with respect to their labels . for that , we propose to jointly learn a svm sample classifier with a temporal filtering of the channels . this will lead to a large margin filtering that is adapted to the specificity of each channel ( noise and time -←
→ heuristics for vehicle routing problems : sequence or set optimization ? ; we investigate a structural decomposition for the capacitated vehicle routing problem ( cvrp ) based on vehicle - to - customer " assignment " and visits " sequencing " decision variables . we show that an heuristic search focused on assignment decisions with a systematic optimal choice of sequences ( using concorde tsp solver ) during each move evaluation is promising but requires a prohibitive computational effort . we therefore introduce an inter ←
→ classifying traffic scenes using the gist image descriptor ; this paper investigates classification of traffic scenes in a very low bandwidth scenario , where an image should be coded by a small number of features . we introduce a novel dataset , called the fm1 dataset , consisting of 5615 images of eight different traffic scenes : open highway , open road , settlement , tunnel , tunnel exit , toll booth , heavy traffic and the overpass . we evaluate the suitability of the gist descriptor as a representation of these i ←
→ unsupervised object discovery and co - localization by deep descriptor transforming ; reusable model design becomes desirable with the rapid expansion of computer vision and machine learning applications . in this paper , we focus on the reusability of pre - trained deep convolutional models . specifically , different from treating pre - trained models as feature extractors , we reveal more treasures beneath convolutional layers , i . e ., the convolutional activations could act as a detector for the common object in th ←
→ sylvester normalizing flows for variational inference ; variational inference relies on flexible approximate posterior distributions . normalizing flows provide a general recipe to construct flexible variational posteriors . we introduce sylvester normalizing flows , which can be seen as a generalization of planar flows . sylvester normalizing flows remove the well - known single - unit bottleneck from planar flows , making a single transformation much more flexible . we compare the performance of sylvester normalizi ←
→ multi - scale video frame - synthesis network with transitive consistency loss ; traditional approaches to interpolate / extrapolate frames in a video sequence require accurate pixel correspondences between images , e . g ., using optical flow . their results stem on the accuracy of optical flow estimation , and could generate heavy artifacts when flow estimation failed . recently methods using auto - encoder has shown impressive progress , however they are usually trained for specific interpolation / extrapolation setting ←
→ unsupervised domain adaptation for 3d keypoint prediction from a single depth scan ; in this paper , we introduce a novel unsupervised domain adaptation technique for the task of 3d keypoint prediction from a single depth scan / image . our key idea is to utilize the fact that predictions from different views of the same or similar objects should be consistent with each other . such view consistency provides effective regularization for keypoint prediction on unlabeled instances . in addition , we introduce a ge ←
→ deep network regularization via bayesian inference of synaptic connectivity ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) often require good regularizers to generalize well . currently , state - of - the - art dnn regularization techniques consist in randomly dropping units and / or connections on each iteration of the training algorithm . dropout and dropconnect are characteristic examples of such regularizers , that are widely popular among practitioners . however , a drawback of such approaches consists in the fact that their postu ←
→ about one 3 - parameter model of testing ; this article offers a 3 - parameter model of testing , with 1 ) the difference between the ability level of the examinee and item difficulty ; 2 ) the examinee discrimination and 3 ) the item discrimination as model parameters .←
→ safe policy search with gaussian process models ; we propose a method to optimise the parameters of a policy which will be used to safely perform a given task in a data - efficient manner . we train a gaussian process model to capture the system dynamics , based on the pilco framework . our model has useful analytic properties , which allow closed form computation of error gradients and estimating the probability of violating given state space constraints . during training , as well as operation , only policies that ←
→ learning to find good correspondences ; we develop a deep architecture to learn to find good correspondences for wide - baseline stereo . given a set of putative sparse matches and the camera intrinsics , we train our network in an end - to - end fashion to label the correspondences as inliers or outliers , while simultaneously using them to recover the relative pose , as encoded by the essential matrix . our architecture is based on a multi - layer perceptron operating on pixel coordinates rather than directly on the i ←
→ anomaly detection in unstructured environments using bayesian nonparametric scene modeling ; this paper explores the use of a bayesian non - parametric topic modeling technique for the purpose of anomaly detection in video data . we present results from two experiments . the first experiment shows that the proposed technique is automatically able characterize the underlying terrain , and detect anomalous flora in image data collected by an underwater robot . the second experiment shows that the same technique c ←
→ mind the duality gap : safer rules for the lasso ; screening rules allow to early discard irrelevant variables from the optimization in lasso problems , or its derivatives , making solvers faster . in this paper , we propose new versions of the so - called $\ textit { safe rules }$ for the lasso . based on duality gap considerations , our new rules create safe test regions whose diameters converge to zero , provided that one relies on a converging solver . this property helps screening out more variables , for a wider rang ←
→ are word embedding - based features useful for sarcasm detection ? ; this paper makes a simple increment to state - of - the - art in sarcasm detection research . existing approaches are unable to capture subtle forms of context incongruity which lies at the heart of sarcasm . we explore if prior work can be enhanced using semantic similarity / discordance between word embeddings . we augment word embedding - based features to four feature sets reported in the past . we also experiment with four types of word embeddings . we ←
→ a convex relaxation for weakly supervised classifiers ; this paper introduces a general multi - class approach to weakly supervised classification . inferring the labels and learning the parameters of the model is usually done jointly through a block - coordinate descent algorithm such as expectation - maximization ( em ), which may lead to local minima . to avoid this problem , we propose a cost function based on a convex relaxation of the soft - max loss . we then propose an algorithm specifically designed to efficient ←
→ testing closeness with unequal sized samples ; we consider the problem of closeness testing for two discrete distributions in the practically relevant setting of \ emph { unequal } sized samples drawn from each of them . specifically , given a target error parameter $\ varepsilon > 0 $, $ m_1 $ independent draws from an unknown distribution $ p ,$ and $ m_2 $ draws from an unknown distribution $ q $, we describe a test for distinguishing the case that $ p = q $ from the case that $|| p - q || _1 \ geq \ varepsilon $. if $ p $ and $ q $ ar ←
→ embedrank : unsupervised keyphrase extraction using sentence embeddings ; keyphrase extraction is the task of automatically selecting a small set of phrases that best describe a given free text document . keyphrases can be used for indexing , searching , aggregating and summarizing text documents , serving many automatic as well as human - facing use cases . existing supervised systems for keyphrase extraction require large amounts of labeled training data and generalize very poorly outside the domain of the traini ←
→ spoofing 2d face detection : machines see people who aren ' t there ; machine learning is increasingly used to make sense of the physical world yet may suffer from adversarial manipulation . we examine the viola - jones 2d face detection algorithm to study whether images can be created that humans do not notice as faces yet the algorithm detects as faces . we show that it is possible to construct images that viola - jones recognizes as containing faces yet no human would consider a face . moreover , we show that it is ←
→ online importance weight aware updates ; an importance weight quantifies the relative importance of one example over another , coming up in applications of boosting , asymmetric classification costs , reductions , and active learning . the standard approach for dealing with importance weights in gradient descent is via multiplication of the gradient . we first demonstrate the problems of this approach when importance weights are large , and argue in favor of more sophisticated ways for dealing with them . we then d ←
→ automated big text security classification ; in recent years , traditional cybersecurity safeguards have proven ineffective against insider threats . famous cases of sensitive information leaks caused by insiders , including the wikileaks release of diplomatic cables and the edward snowden incident , have greatly harmed the u . s . government ' s relationship with other governments and with its own citizens . data leak prevention ( dlp ) is a solution for detecting and preventing information leaks from within an organi ←
→ selecting the best in gans family : a post selection inference framework ; " which generative adversarial networks ( gans ) generates the most plausible images ?" has been a frequently asked question among researchers . to address this problem , we first propose an \ emph { incomplete } u - statistics estimate of maximum mean discrepancy $\ mathrm { mmd } _ { inc }$ to measure the distribution discrepancy between generated and real images . $\ mathrm { mmd } _ { inc }$ enjoys the advantages of asymptotic normality , computation efficienc ←
→ programming with a differentiable forth interpreter ; given that in practice training data is scarce for all but a small set of problems , a core question is how to incorporate prior knowledge into a model . in this paper , we consider the case of prior procedural knowledge for neural networks , such as knowing how a program should traverse a sequence , but not what local actions should be performed at each step . to this end , we present an end - to - end differentiable interpreter for the programming language forth ←
→ real - time illegal parking detection system based on deep learning ; the increasing illegal parking has become more and more serious . nowadays the methods of detecting illegally parked vehicles are based on background segmentation . however , this method is weakly robust and sensitive to environment . benefitting from deep learning , this paper proposes a novel illegal vehicle parking detection system . illegal vehicles captured by camera are firstly located and classified by the famous single shot multibox detec ←
→ learning effective representations from clinical notes ; clinical notes are a rich source of information about patient state . however , using them effectively presents many challenges . in this work we present two methods for summarizing clinical notes into patient - level representations . the resulting representations are evaluated on a range of prediction tasks and cohort sizes . the new representations offer significant predictive performance gains over the common baselines of bag of words and topic model rep ←
→ mpbart - multinomial probit bayesian additive regression trees ; this article proposes multinomial probit bayesian additive regression trees ( mpbart ) as a multinomial probit extension of bart - bayesian additive regression trees ( chipman et al ( 2010 )). mpbart is flexible to allow inclusion of predictors that describe the observed units as well as the available choice alternatives . through two simulation studies and four real data examples , we show that mpbart exhibits very good predictive performance in com ←
→ justifying the principle of interval constraints ; when knowledge is obtained from a database , it is only possible to deduce confidence intervals for probability values . with confidence intervals replacing point values , the results in the set covering model include interval constraints for the probabilities of mutually exclusive and exhaustive explanations . the principle of interval constraints ranks these explanations by determining the expected values of the probabilities based on distributions determined ←
→ generalized interval - valued owa operators with interval weights derived from interval - valued overlap functions ; in this work we extend to the interval - valued setting the notion of an overlap functions and we discuss a method which makes use of interval - valued overlap functions for constructing owa operators with interval - valued weights . . some properties of interval - valued overlap functions and the derived interval - valued owa operators are analysed . we specially focus on the homogeneity and migrativity p ←
→ enhanced discrete particle swarm optimization path planning for uav vision - based surface inspection ; in built infrastructure monitoring , an efficient path planning algorithm is essential for robotic inspection of large surfaces using computer vision . in this work , we first formulate the inspection path planning problem as an extended travelling salesman problem ( tsp ) in which both the coverage and obstacle avoidance were taken into account . an enhanced discrete particle swarm optimization ( dpso ) algorith ←
→ deep haar scattering networks ; an orthogonal haar scattering transform is a deep network , computed with a hierarchy of additions , subtractions and absolute values , over pairs of coefficients . it provides a simple mathematical model for unsupervised deep network learning . it implements non - linear contractions , which are optimized for classification , with an unsupervised pair matching algorithm , of polynomial complexity . a structured haar scattering over graph data computes permutation invariant representati ←
→ diversity driven attention model for query - based abstractive summarization ; abstractive summarization aims to generate a shorter version of the document covering all the salient points in a compact and coherent fashion . on the other hand , query - based summarization highlights those points that are relevant in the context of a given query . the encode - attend - decode paradigm has achieved notable success in machine translation , extractive summarization , dialog systems , etc . but it suffers from the drawback of ←
→ robust piecewise - constant smoothing : m - smoother revisited ; a robust estimator , namely m - smoother , for piecewise - constant smoothing is revisited in this paper . starting from its generalized formulation , we propose a numerical scheme / framework for solving it via a series of weighted - average filtering ( e . g ., box filtering , gaussian filtering , bilateral filtering , and guided filtering ). because of the equivalence between m - smoother and local - histogram - based filters ( such as median filter and mode filter ), the ←
→ explanatory relations in arbitrary logics based on satisfaction systems , cutting and retraction ; the aim of this paper is to introduce a new framework for defining abductive reasoning operators based on a notion of retraction in arbitrary logics defined as satisfaction systems . we show how this framework leads to the design of explanatory relations satisfying properties of abductive reasoning , and discuss its application to several logics . this extends previous work on propositional logics where retracti ←
→ a boosting method to face image super - resolution ; recently sparse representation has gained great success in face image super - resolution . the conventional sparsity - based methods enforce sparse coding on face image patches and the representation fidelity is measured by $\ ell_ { 2 }$- norm . such a sparse coding model regularizes all facial patches equally , which however ignores distinct natures of different facial patches for image reconstruction . in this paper , we propose a new weighted - patch super - resolution m ←
→ joint approximation of information and distributed link - scheduling decisions in wireless networks ; for a large multi - hop wireless network , nodes are preferable to make distributed and localized link - scheduling decisions with only interactions among a small number of neighbors . however , for a slowly decaying channel and densely populated interferers , a small size neighborhood often results in nontrivial link outages and is thus insufficient for making optimal scheduling decisions . a question arises how to ←
→ machine learning based detection of clickbait posts in social media ; clickbait ( headlines ) make use of misleading titles that hide critical information from or exaggerate the content on the landing target pages to entice clicks . as clickbaits often use eye - catching wording to attract viewers , target contents are often of low quality . clickbaits are especially widespread on social media such as twitter , adversely impacting user experience by causing immense dissatisfaction . hence , it has become increasingly ←
→ a study of the fixed points and spurious solutions of the fastica algorithm ; the fastica algorithm is one of the most popular iterative algorithms in the domain of linear independent component analysis . despite its success , it is observed that fastica occasionally yields outcomes that do not correspond to any true solutions ( known as demixing vectors ) of the ica problem . these outcomes are commonly referred to as spurious solutions . although fastica is among the most extensively studied ica algorithms , t ←
→ making " fetch " happen : the influence of social and linguistic context on nonstandard word growth and decline ; in an online community , new words come and go : today ' s " haha " may be replaced by tomorrow ' s " lol ." changes in online writing are usually studied as a social process , with innovations diffusing through a network of individuals in a speech community . but unlike other types of innovation , language change is shaped and constrained by the system in which it takes part . to investigate the links between ←
→ active learning using smooth relative regret approximations with applications ; the disagreement coefficient of hanneke has become a central data independent invariant in proving active learning rates . it has been shown in various ways that a concept class with low complexity together with a bound on the disagreement coefficient at an optimal solution allows active learning rates that are superior to passive learning ones . we present a different tool for pool based active learning which follows from the ←
→ hypergraph acyclicity and propositional model counting ; we show that the propositional model counting problem # sat for cnf - formulas with hypergraphs that allow a disjoint branches decomposition can be solved in polynomial time . we show that this class of hypergraphs is incomparable to hypergraphs of bounded incidence cliquewidth which were the biggest class of hypergraphs for which # sat was known to be solvable in polynomial time so far . furthermore , we present a polynomial time algorithm that computes a ←
→ penta and hexa valued representation of neutrosophic information ; starting from the primary representation of neutrosophic information , namely the degree of truth , degree of indeterminacy and degree of falsity , we define a nuanced representation in a penta valued fuzzy space , described by the index of truth , index of falsity , index of ignorance , index of contradiction and index of hesitation . also , it was constructed an associated penta valued logic and then using this logic , it was defined for the propose ←
→ overcoming language variation in sentiment analysis with social attention ; variation in language is ubiquitous , particularly in newer forms of writing such as social media . fortunately , variation is not random , it is often linked to social properties of the author . in this paper , we show how to exploit social networks to make sentiment analysis more robust to social language variation . the key idea is linguistic homophily : the tendency of socially linked individuals to use language in similar ways . we fo ←
→ understanding intermediate layers using linear classifier probes ; neural network models have a reputation for being black boxes . we propose a new method to understand better the roles and dynamics of the intermediate layers . this has direct consequences on the design of such models and it enables the expert to be able to justify certain heuristics ( such as the auxiliary heads in the inception model ). our method uses linear classifiers , referred to as " probes ", where a probe can only use the hidden units of ←
→ learning from ontology streams with semantic concept drift ; data stream learning has been largely studied for extracting knowledge structures from continuous and rapid data records . in the semantic web , data is interpreted in ontologies and its ordered sequence is represented as an ontology stream . our work exploits the semantics of such streams to tackle the problem of concept drift i . e ., unexpected changes in data distribution , causing most of models to be less accurate as time passes . to this end we rev ←
→ learning policies for markov decision processes from data ; we consider the problem of learning a policy for a markov decision process consistent with data captured on the state - actions pairs followed by the policy . we assume that the policy belongs to a class of parameterized policies which are defined using features associated with the state - action pairs . the features are known a priori , however , only an unknown subset of them could be relevant . the policy parameters that correspond to an observed target ←
→ a fully automated latent fingerprint matcher with embedded self - learning segmentation module ; latent fingerprint has the practical value to identify the suspects who have unintentionally left a trace of fingerprint in the crime scenes . however , designing a fully automated latent fingerprint matcher is a very challenging task as it needs to address many challenging issues including the separation of overlapping structured patterns over the partial and poor quality latent fingerprint image , and finding a m ←
→ accurate estimators for improving minwise hashing and b - bit minwise hashing ; minwise hashing is the standard technique in the context of search and databases for efficiently estimating set ( e . g ., high - dimensional 0 / 1 vector ) similarities . recently , b - bit minwise hashing was proposed which significantly improves upon the original minwise hashing in practice by storing only the lowest b bits of each hashed value , as opposed to using 64 bits . b - bit hashing is particularly effective in applications which mai ←
→ theanolm - an extensible toolkit for neural network language modeling ; we present a new tool for training neural network language models ( nnlms ), scoring sentences , and generating text . the tool has been written using python library theano , which allows researcher to easily extend it and tune any aspect of the training process . regardless of the flexibility , theano is able to generate extremely fast native code that can utilize a gpu or multiple cpu cores in order to parallelize the heavy numerical computa ←
→ learning and discrimination through stdp in a top - down modulated associative memory ; this article underlines the learning and discrimination capabilities of a model of associative memory based on artificial networks of spiking neurons . inspired from neuropsychology and neurobiology , the model implements top - down modulations , as in neocortical layer v pyramidal neurons , with a learning rule based on synaptic plasticity ( stdp ), for performing a multimodal association learning task . a temporal correlation m ←
→ integrate document ranking information into confidence measure calculation for spoken term detection ; this paper proposes an algorithm to improve the calculation of confidence measure for spoken term detection ( std ). given an input query term , the algorithm first calculates a measurement named document ranking weight for each document in the speech database to reflect its relevance with the query term by summing all the confidence measures of the hypothesized term occurrences in this document . the confid ←
→ learning a representation of a believable virtual character ' s environment with an imitation algorithm ; in video games , virtual characters ' decision systems often use a simplified representation of the world . to increase both their autonomy and believability we want those characters to be able to learn this representation from human players . we propose to use a model called growing neural gas to learn by imitation the topology of the environment . the implementation of the model , the modifications and the ←
→ probabilistic data analysis with probabilistic programming ; probabilistic techniques are central to data analysis , but different approaches can be difficult to apply , combine , and compare . this paper introduces composable generative population models ( cgpms ), a computational abstraction that extends directed graphical models and can be used to describe and compose a broad class of probabilistic data analysis techniques . examples include hierarchical bayesian models , multivariate kernel methods , discriminat ←
→ predicting the evolution of stationary graph signals ; an emerging way of tackling the dimensionality issues arising in the modeling of a multivariate process is to assume that the inherent data structure can be captured by a graph . nevertheless , though state - of - the - art graph - based methods have been successful for many learning tasks , they do not consider time - evolving signals and thus are not suitable for prediction . based on the recently introduced joint stationarity framework for time - vertex processes , t ←
→ a hitting time analysis of stochastic gradient langevin dynamics ; we study the stochastic gradient langevin dynamics ( sgld ) algorithm for non - convex optimization . the algorithm performs stochastic gradient descent , where in each step it injects appropriately scaled gaussian noise to the update . we analyze the algorithm ' s hitting time to an arbitrary subset of the parameter space . two results follow from our general theory : first , we prove that for empirical risk minimization , if the empirical risk is point ←
→ automated switching system for skin pixel segmentation in varied lighting ; in computer vision , colour - based spatial techniquesoften assume a static skin colour model . however , skin colour perceived by a camera can change when lighting changes . in common real environment multiple light sources impinge on the skin . moreover , detection techniques may vary when the image under study is taken under different lighting condition than the one that was earlier under consideration . therefore , for robust skin pixel ←
→ exploratory learning ; in multiclass semi - supervised learning ( ssl ), it is sometimes the case that the number of classes present in the data is not known , and hence no labeled examples are provided for some classes . in this paper we present variants of well - known semi - supervised multiclass learning methods that are robust when the data contains an unknown number of classes . in particular , we present an " exploratory " extension of expectation - maximization ( em ) that explores different numbers of classes while ←
→ credibilistic topsis model for evaluation and selection of municipal solid waste disposal methods ; municipal solid waste management ( mswm ) is a challenging issue of urban development in developing countries . each country having different socio - economic - environmental background , might not accept a particular disposal method as the optimal choice . selection of suitable disposal method in mswm , under vague and imprecise information can be considered as multi criteria decision making problem ( mcdm ). in the p ←
→ the computational theory of intelligence : information entropy ; this paper presents an information theoretic approach to the concept of intelligence in the computational sense . we introduce a probabilistic framework from which computational intelligence is shown to be an entropy minimizing process at the local level . using this new scheme , we develop a simple data driven clustering example and discuss its applications .←
→ accurate weakly supervised deep lesion segmentation on ct scans : self - paced 3d mask generation from recist ; volumetric lesion segmentation via medical imaging is a powerful means to precisely assess multiple time - point lesion / tumor changes . because manual 3d segmentation is prohibitively time consuming and requires radiological experience , current practices rely on an imprecise surrogate called response evaluation criteria in solid tumors ( recist ). despite their coarseness , recist marks are commonly foun ←
→ method and apparatus for automatic text input insertion in digital devices with a restricted number of keys ; a device which contains number of symbol input keys , where the number of available keys is less than the number of symbols of an alphabet of any given language , screen , and dynamic reordering table of the symbols which are mapped onto those keys , according to a disambiguation method based on the previously entered symbols . the device incorporates a previously entered keystrokes tracking mechanism ,←
→ an expressive dissimilarity measure for relational clustering using neighbourhood trees ; clustering is an underspecified task : there are no universal criteria for what makes a good clustering . this is especially true for relational data , where similarity can be based on the features of individuals , the relationships between them , or a mix of both . existing methods for relational clustering have strong and often implicit biases in this respect . in this paper , we introduce a novel similarity measure for re ←
→ temporal reasoning about uncertain worlds ; we present a program that manages a database of temporally scoped beliefs . the basic functionality of the system includes maintaining a network of constraints among time points , supporting a variety of fetches , mediating the application of causal rules , monitoring intervals of time for the addition of new facts , and managing data dependencies that keep the database consistent . at this level the system operates independent of any measure of belief or belief calculu ←
→ five - point fundamental matrix estimation for uncalibrated cameras ; we aim at estimating the fundamental matrix in two views from five correspondences of rotation invariant features obtained by e . g .\ the sift detector . the proposed minimal solver first estimates a homography from three correspondences assuming that they are co - planar and exploiting their rotational components . then the fundamental matrix is obtained from the homography and two additional point pairs in general position . the proposed approac ←
→ a semantic model for historical manuscripts ; the study and publication of historical scientific manuscripts are com - plex tasks that involve , among others , the explicit representation of the text mean - ings and reasoning on temporal entities . in this paper we present the first results of an interdisciplinary project dedicated to the study of saussure ' s manuscripts . these results aim to fulfill requirements elaborated with saussurean humanists . they comprise a model for the representation of time - varying st ←
→ visual processing by a unified schatten -$ p $ norm and $\ ell_q $ norm regularized principal component pursuit ; in this paper , we propose a non - convex formulation to recover the authentic structure from the corrupted real data . typically , the specific structure is assumed to be low rank , which holds for a wide range of data , such as images and videos . meanwhile , the corruption is assumed to be sparse . in the literature , such a problem is known as robust principal component analysis ( rpca ), which usually reco ←
→ ridge fusion in statistical learning ; we propose a penalized likelihood method to jointly estimate multiple precision matrices for use in quadratic discriminant analysis and model based clustering . a ridge penalty and a ridge fusion penalty are used to introduce shrinkage and promote similarity between precision matrix estimates . block - wise coordinate descent is used for optimization , and validation likelihood is used for tuning parameter selection . our method is applied in quadratic discriminant analysis ←
→ a survey of stealth malware : attacks , mitigation measures , and steps toward autonomous open world solutions ; as our professional , social , and financial existences become increasingly digitized and as our government , healthcare , and military infrastructures rely more on computer technologies , they present larger and more lucrative targets for malware . stealth malware in particular poses an increased threat because it is specifically designed to evade detection mechanisms , spreading dormant , in the wild fo ←
→ don ' t fear the bit flips : optimized coding strategies for binary classification ; after being trained , classifiers must often operate on data that has been corrupted by noise . in this paper , we consider the impact of such noise on the features of binary classifiers . inspired by tools for classifier robustness , we introduce the same classification probability ( scp ) to measure the resulting distortion on the classifier outputs . we introduce a low - complexity estimate of the scp based on quantization and poly ←
→ interval arithmetic and interval - aware operators for genetic programming ; symbolic regression via genetic programming is a flexible approach to machine learning that does not require up - front specification of model structure . however , traditional approaches to symbolic regression require the use of protected operators , which can lead to perverse model characteristics and poor generalisation . in this paper , we revisit interval arithmetic as one possible solution to allow genetic programming to perform regre ←
→ an empirical approach for modeling fuzzy geographical descriptors ; we present a novel heuristic approach that defines fuzzy geographical descriptors using data gathered from a survey with human subjects . the participants were asked to provide graphical interpretations of the descriptors ` north ' and ` south ' for the galician region ( spain ). based on these interpretations , our approach builds fuzzy descriptors that are able to compute membership degrees for geographical locations . we evaluated our approach in ←
→ what happened to my dog in that network : unraveling top - down generators in convolutional neural networks ; top - down information plays a central role in human perception , but plays relatively little role in many current state - of - the - art deep networks , such as convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). this work seeks to explore a path by which top - down information can have a direct impact within current deep networks . we explore this path by learning and using " generators " corresponding to the network internal ←
→ constrained classification and ranking via quantiles ; in most machine learning applications , classification accuracy is not the primary metric of interest . binary classifiers which face class imbalance are often evaluated by the $ f_ \ beta $ score , area under the precision - recall curve , precision at k , and more . the maximization of many of these metrics can be expressed as a constrained optimization problem , where the constraint is a function of the classifier ' s predictions . in this paper we propose a novel ←
→ face identification with second - order pooling ; automatic face recognition has received significant performance improvement by developing specialised facial image representations . on the other hand , generic object recognition has rarely been applied to the face recognition . spatial pyramid pooling of features encoded by an over - complete dictionary has been the key component of many state - of - the - art image classification systems . inspired by its success , in this work we develop a new face image representation ←
→ belief conditioning rules ( bcrs ) ; in this paper we propose a new family of belief conditioning rules ( bcrs ) for belief revision . these rules are not directly related with the fusion of several sources of evidence but with the revision of a belief assignment available at a given time according to the new truth ( i . e . conditioning constraint ) one has about the space of solutions of the problem .←
→ on the closed - form solution of the rotation matrix arising in computer vision problems ; we show the closed - form solution to the maximization of trace ( a ' r ), where a is given and r is unknown rotation matrix . this problem occurs in many computer vision tasks involving optimal rotation matrix estimation . the solution has been continuously reinvented in different fields as part of specific problems . we summarize the historical evolution of the problem and present the general proof of the solution . we contrib ←
→ automated curriculum learning for neural networks ; we introduce a method for automatically selecting the path , or syllabus , that a neural network follows through a curriculum so as to maximise learning efficiency . a measure of the amount that the network learns from each data sample is provided as a reward signal to a nonstationary multi - armed bandit algorithm , which then determines a stochastic syllabus . we consider a range of signals derived from two distinct indicators of learning progress : rate of incr ←
→ introduction to machine learning : class notes 67577 ; introduction to machine learning covering statistical inference ( bayes , em , ml / maxent duality ), algebraic and spectral methods ( pca , lda , cca , clustering ), and pac learning ( the formal model , vc dimension , double sampling theorem ).←
→ cogscik : clustering for cognitive science motivated decision making ; computational models of decisionmaking must contend with the variance of context and any number of possible decisions that a defined strategic actor can make at a given time . relying on cognitive science theory , the authors have created an algorithm that captures the orientation of the actor towards an object and arrays the possible decisions available to that actor based on their given intersubjective orientation . this algorithm , like a ←
→ self - informed neural network structure learning ; we study the problem of large scale , multi - label visual recognition with a large number of possible classes . we propose a method for augmenting a trained neural network classifier with auxiliary capacity in a manner designed to significantly improve upon an already well - performing model , while minimally impacting its computational footprint . using the predictions of the network itself as a descriptor for assessing visual similarity , we define a partitioning ←
→ the devil is in the decoder ; many machine vision applications require predictions for every pixel of the input image ( for example semantic segmentation , boundary detection ). models for such problems usually consist of encoders which decreases spatial resolution while learning a high - dimensional representation , followed by decoders who recover the original input resolution and result in low - dimensional predictions . while encoders have been studied rigorously , relatively few studies address the decoder side .←
→ diffusion convolutional recurrent neural network : data - driven traffic forecasting ; spatiotemporal forecasting has various applications in neuroscience , climate and transportation domain . traffic forecasting is one canonical example of such learning task . the task is challenging due to ( 1 ) complex spatial dependency on road networks , ( 2 ) non - linear temporal dynamics with changing road conditions and ( 3 ) inherent difficulty of long - term forecasting . to address these challenges , we propose to model the traf ←
→ automatic localization and decoding of honeybee markers using deep convolutional neural networks ; the honeybee is a fascinating model animal to investigate how collective behavior emerges from ( inter -) actions of thousands of individuals . bees may acquire unique memories throughout their lives . these experiences affect social interactions even over large time frames . tracking and identifying all bees in the colony over their lifetimes therefore may likely shed light on the interplay of individual differen ←
→ transition systems for model generators - a unifying approach ; a fundamental task for propositional logic is to compute models of propositional formulas . programs developed for this task are called satisfiability solvers . we show that transition systems introduced by nieuwenhuis , oliveras , and tinelli to model and analyze satisfiability solvers can be adapted for solvers developed for two other propositional formalisms : logic programming under the answer - set semantics , and the logic pc ( id ). we show that in ←
→ knowlege graph embedding by flexible translation ; knowledge graph embedding refers to projecting entities and relations in knowledge graph into continuous vector spaces . state - of - the - art methods , such as transe , transh , and transr build embeddings by treating relation as translation from head entity to tail entity . however , previous models can not deal with reflexive / one - to - many / many - to - one / many - to - many relations properly , or lack of scalability and efficiency . thus , we propose a novel method , flexible tra ←
→ sparsity averaging for radio - interferometric imaging ; we propose a novel regularization method for compressive imaging in the context of the compressed sensing ( cs ) theory with coherent and redundant dictionaries . natural images are often complicated and several types of structures can be present at once . it is well known that piecewise smooth images exhibit gradient sparsity , and that images with extended structures are better encapsulated in wavelet frames . therefore , we here conjecture that promoting av ←
→ self - view grounding given a narrated 360 ° video ; narrated 360 {\ deg } videos are typically provided in many touring scenarios to mimic real - world experience . however , previous work has shown that smart assistance ( i . e ., providing visual guidance ) can significantly help users to follow the normal field of view ( nfov ) corresponding to the narrative . in this project , we aim at automatically grounding the nfovs of a 360 {\ deg } video given subtitles of the narrative ( referred to as " nfov - grounding "). we propose a ←
→ correlated multiarmed bandit problem : bayesian algorithms and regret analysis ; we consider the correlated multiarmed bandit ( mab ) problem in which the rewards associated with each arm are modeled by a multivariate gaussian random variable , and we investigate the influence of the assumptions in the bayesian prior on the performance of the upper credible limit ( ucl ) algorithm and a new correlated ucl algorithm . we rigorously characterize the influence of accuracy , confidence , and correlation scale in the p ←
→ multichannel end - to - end speech recognition ; the field of speech recognition is in the midst of a paradigm shift : end - to - end neural networks are challenging the dominance of hidden markov models as a core technology . using an attention mechanism in a recurrent encoder - decoder architecture solves the dynamic time alignment problem , allowing joint end - to - end training of the acoustic and language modeling components . in this paper we extend the end - to - end framework to encompass microphone array signal processi ←
→ vision - based road detection using contextual blocks ; road detection is a fundamental task in autonomous navigation systems . in this paper , we consider the case of monocular road detection , where images are segmented into road and non - road regions . our starting point is the well - known machine learning approach , in which a classifier is trained to distinguish road and non - road regions based on hand - labeled images . we proceed by introducing the use of " contextual blocks " as an efficient way of providing conte ←
→ qualitative detection of oil adulteration with machine learning approaches ; the study focused on the machine learning analysis approaches to identify the adulteration of 9 kinds of edible oil qualitatively and answered the following three questions : is the oil sample adulterant ? how does it constitute ? what is the main ingredient of the adulteration oil ? after extracting the high - performance liquid chromatography ( hplc ) data on triglyceride from 370 oil samples , we applied the adaptive boosting with mult ←
→ efficient hardware realization of convolutional neural networks using intra - kernel regular pruning ; the recent trend toward increasingly deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) leads to a higher demand of computational power and memory storage . consequently , the deployment of cnns in hardware has become more challenging . in this paper , we propose an intra - kernel regular ( ikr ) pruning scheme to reduce the size and computational complexity of the cnns by removing redundant weights at a fine - grained level ←
→ progressive em for latent tree models and hierarchical topic detection ; hierarchical latent tree analysis ( hlta ) is recently proposed as a new method for topic detection . it differs fundamentally from the lda - based methods in terms of topic definition , topic - document relationship , and learning method . it has been shown to discover significantly more coherent topics and better topic hierarchies . however , hlta relies on the expectation - maximization ( em ) algorithm for parameter estimation and hence is not eff ←
→ deep neural networks under stress ; in recent years , deep architectures have been used for transfer learning with state - of - the - art performance in many datasets . the properties of their features remain , however , largely unstudied under the transfer perspective . in this work , we present an extensive analysis of the resiliency of feature vectors extracted from deep models , with special focus on the trade - off between performance and compression rate . by introducing perturbations to image descriptions extracted ←
→ on the equivalence of cocoa + and disdca ; in this document , we show that the algorithm cocoa + ( ma et al ., icml , 2015 ) under the setting used in their experiments , which is also the best setting suggested by the authors that proposed this algorithm , is equivalent to the practical variant of disdca ( yang , nips , 2013 ).←
→ object - based reasoning in vqa ; visual question answering ( vqa ) is a novel problem domain where multi - modal inputs must be processed in order to solve the task given in the form of a natural language . as the solutions inherently require to combine visual and natural language processing with abstract reasoning , the problem is considered as ai - complete . recent advances indicate that using high - level , abstract facts extracted from the inputs might facilitate reasoning . following that direction we decided to de ←
→ knowledge - based programs as plans : succinctness and the complexity of plan existence ; knowledge - based programs ( kbps ) are high - level protocols describing the course of action an agent should perform as a function of its knowledge . the use of kbps for expressing action policies in ai planning has been surprisingly overlooked . given that to each kbp corresponds an equivalent plan and vice versa , kbps are typically more succinct than standard plans , but imply more on - line computation time . here we make this ←
→ glsr - vae : geodesic latent space regularization for variational autoencoder architectures ; vaes ( variational autoencoders ) have proved to be powerful in the context of density modeling and have been used in a variety of contexts for creative purposes . in many settings , the data we model possesses continuous attributes that we would like to take into account at generation time . we propose in this paper glsr - vae , a geodesic latent space regularization for the variational autoencoder architecture and its gen ←
→ depth - adaptive computational policies for efficient visual tracking ; current convolutional neural networks algorithms for video object tracking spend the same amount of computation for each object and video frame . however , it is harder to track an object in some frames than others , due to the varying amount of clutter , scene complexity , amount of motion , and object ' s distinctiveness against its background . we propose a depth - adaptive convolutional siamese network that performs video tracking adaptively at ←
→ a self - driving robot using deep convolutional neural networks on neuromorphic hardware ; neuromorphic computing is a promising solution for reducing the size , weight and power of mobile embedded systems . in this paper , we introduce a realization of such a system by creating the first closed - loop battery - powered communication system between an ibm truenorth ns1e and an autonomous android - based robotics platform . using this system , we constructed a dataset of path following behavior by manually driving the ←
→ dimensionality detection and integration of multiple data sources via the gp - lvm ; the gaussian process latent variable model ( gp - lvm ) is a non - linear probabilistic method of embedding a high dimensional dataset in terms low dimensional ` latent ' variables . in this paper we illustrate that maximum a posteriori ( map ) estimation of the latent variables and hyperparameters can be used for model selection and hence we can determine the optimal number or latent variables and the most appropriate model . this is ←
→ combining temporal information and topic modeling for cross - document event ordering ; building unified timelines from a collection of written news articles requires cross - document event coreference resolution and temporal relation extraction . in this paper we present an approach event coreference resolution according to : a ) similar temporal information , and b ) similar semantic arguments . temporal information is detected using an automatic temporal information system ( tipsem ), while semantic information is ←
→ formalising type - logical grammars in agda ; in recent years , the interest in using proof assistants to formalise and reason about mathematics and programming languages has grown . type - logical grammars , being closely related to type theories and systems used in functional programming , are a perfect candidate to next apply this curiosity to . the advantages of using proof assistants is that they allow one to write formally verified proofs about one ' s type - logical systems , and that any theory , once implemented ,←
→ speech emotion recognition with data augmentation and layer - wise learning rate adjustment ; in this work , we design a neural network for recognizing emotions in speech , using the standard iemocap dataset . following the latest advances in audio analysis , we use an architecture involving both convolutional layers , for extracting high - level features from raw spectrograms , and recurrent ones for aggregating long - term dependencies . applying techniques of data augmentation , layer - wise learning rate adjustment a ←
→ dataiku ' s solution to sphere ' s activity recognition challenge ; our team won the second prize of the safe aging with sphere challenge organized by sphere , in conjunction with ecml - pkdd and driven data . the goal of the competition was to recognize activities performed by humans , using sensor data . this paper presents our solution . it is based on a rich pre - processing and state of the art machine learning methods . from the raw train data , we generate a synthetic train set with the same statistical characteris ←
→ unsupervised joint alignment and clustering using bayesian nonparametrics ; joint alignment of a collection of functions is the process of independently transforming the functions so that they appear more similar to each other . typically , such unsupervised alignment algorithms fail when presented with complex data sets arising from multiple modalities or make restrictive assumptions about the form of the functions or transformations , limiting their generality . we present a transformed bayesian infinite mi ←
→ on the use of sparse filtering for covariate shift adaptation ; in this paper we formally analyse the use of sparse filtering algorithms to perform covariate shift adaptation . we provide a theoretical analysis of sparse filtering by evaluating the conditions required to perform covariate shift adaptation . we prove that sparse filtering can perform adaptation only if the conditional distribution of the labels has a structure explained by a cosine metric . to overcome this limitation , we propose a new algorith ←
→ navigational instruction generation as inverse reinforcement learning with neural machine translation ; modern robotics applications that involve human - robot interaction require robots to be able to communicate with humans seamlessly and effectively . natural language provides a flexible and efficient medium through which robots can exchange information with their human partners . significant advancements have been made in developing robots capable of interpreting free - form instructions , but less attention ←
→ the traits of the personable ; information personalization is fertile ground for application of ai techniques . in this article i relate personalization to the ability to capture partial information in an information - seeking interaction . the specific focus is on personalizing interactions at web sites . using ideas from partial evaluation and explanation - based generalization , i present a modeling methodology for reasoning about personalization . this approach helps identify seven tiers of ` personable traits ' i ←
→ discussion : latent variable graphical model selection via convex optimization ; discussion of " latent variable graphical model selection via convex optimization " by venkat chandrasekaran , pablo a . parrilo and alan s . willsky [ arxiv : 1008 . 1290 ].←
→ multi - mention learning for reading comprehension with neural cascades ; reading comprehension is a challenging task , especially when executed across longer or across multiple evidence documents , where the answer is likely to reoccur . existing neural architectures typically do not scale to the entire evidence , and hence , resort to selecting a single passage in the document ( either via truncation or other means ), and carefully searching for the answer within that passage . however , in some cases , this strategy ←
→ global continuous optimization with error bound and fast convergence ; this paper considers global optimization with a black - box unknown objective function that can be non - convex and non - differentiable . such a difficult optimization problem arises in many real - world applications , such as parameter tuning in machine learning , engineering design problem , and planning with a complex physics simulator . this paper proposes a new global optimization algorithm , called locally oriented global optimization ( logo ), t ←
→ a study of morphological filtering using graph and hypergraphs ; mathematical morphology ( mm ) helps to describe and analyze shapes using set theory . mm can be effectively applied to binary images which are treated as sets . basic morphological operators defined can be used as an effective tool in image processing . morphological operators are also developed based on graph and hypergraph . these operators have found better performance and applications in image processing . bino et al . [ 8 ], [ 9 ] developed the theo ←
→ introduction and ranking results of the icsi 2014 competition on single objective optimization ; this technical report includes the introduction and ranking results of the icsi 2014 competition on single objective optimization .←
→ improving tagging performance by using voting taggers ; we present a bootstrapping method to develop an annotated corpus , which is specially useful for languages with few available resources . the method is being applied to develop a corpus of spanish of over 5mw . the method consists on taking advantage of the collaboration of two different pos taggers . the cases in which both taggers agree present a higher accuracy and are used to retrain the taggers .←
→ image completion for view synthesis using markov random fields and efficient belief propagation ; view synthesis is a process for generating novel views from a scene which has been recorded with a 3 - d camera setup . it has important applications in 3 - d post - production and 2 - d to 3 - d conversion . however , a central problem in the generation of novel views lies in the handling of disocclusions . background content , which was occluded in the original view , may become unveiled in the synthesized view . this leads ←
→ holistically - nested edge detection ; we develop a new edge detection algorithm that tackles two important issues in this long - standing vision problem : ( 1 ) holistic image training and prediction ; and ( 2 ) multi - scale and multi - level feature learning . our proposed method , holistically - nested edge detection ( hed ), performs image - to - image prediction by means of a deep learning model that leverages fully convolutional neural networks and deeply - supervised nets . hed automatically learns rich hierarchical represent ←
→ adversarial advantage actor - critic model for task - completion dialogue policy learning ; this paper presents a new method --- adversarial advantage actor - critic ( adversarial a2c ), which significantly improves the efficiency of dialogue policy learning in task - completion dialogue systems . inspired by generative adversarial networks ( gan ), we train a discriminator to differentiate responses / actions generated by dialogue agents from responses / actions by experts . then , we incorporate the discriminator as anoth ←
→ two hilbert schemes in computer vision ; we study the multiview moduli problems that arise in computer vision . we show that these moduli spaces are always smooth and irreducible , in both the calibrated and uncalibrated cases , for any number of views . we also show that these moduli spaces always embed in ( diagram ) hilbert schemes , and that these embeddings are open immersions for more than four views . our approach also yields a natural smooth cover of the classical variety of essential matrices that seems no ←
→ using codeq to train feed - forward neural networks ; codeq is a new , population - based meta - heuristic algorithm that is a hybrid of concepts from chaotic search , opposition - based learning , differential evolution and quantum mechanics . codeq has successfully been used to solve different types of problems ( e . g . constrained , integer - programming , engineering ) with excellent results . in this paper , codeq is used to train feed - forward neural networks . the proposed method is compared with particle swarm optimization ←
→ in love with a robot : the dawn of machine - to - machine marketing ; the article looks at mass market artificial intelligence tools in the context of their ever - growing sophistication , availability and market penetration . the subject is especially relevant today for these exact reasons - if a few years ago ai was the subject of high tech research and science fiction novels , today , we increasingly rely on cloud robotics to cater to our daily needs - to trade stock , predict weather , manage diaries , find friends a ←
→ boost k - means ; due to its simplicity and versatility , k - means remains popular since it was proposed three decades ago . the performance of k - means has been enhanced from different perspectives over the years . unfortunately , a good trade - off between quality and efficiency is hardly reached . in this paper , a novel k - means variant is presented . different from most of k - means variants , the clustering procedure is driven by an explicit objective function , which is feasible for the whole l2 - space . the classic egg ←
→ retrieving similar x - ray images from big image data using radon barcodes with single projections ; the idea of radon barcodes ( rbc ) has been introduced recently . in this paper , we propose a content - based image retrieval approach for big datasets based on radon barcodes . our method ( single projection radon barcode , or sp - rbc ) uses only a few radon single projections for each image as global features that can serve as a basis for weak learners . this is our most important contribution in this work , which imp ←
→ car that knows before you do : anticipating maneuvers via learning temporal driving models ; advanced driver assistance systems ( adas ) have made driving safer over the last decade . they prepare vehicles for unsafe road conditions and alert drivers if they perform a dangerous maneuver . however , many accidents are unavoidable because by the time drivers are alerted , it is already too late . anticipating maneuvers beforehand can alert drivers before they perform the maneuver and also give adas more time to avo ←
→ a model of plant identification system using glcm , lacunarity and shen features ; recently , many approaches have been introduced by several researchers to identify plants . now , applications of texture , shape , color and vein features are common practices . however , there are many possibilities of methods can be developed to improve the performance of such identification systems . therefore , several experiments had been conducted in this research . as a result , a new novel approach by using combination of gray ←
→ learning high - level prior with convolutional neural networks for semantic segmentation ; this paper proposes a convolutional neural network that can fuse high - level prior for semantic image segmentation . motivated by humans ' vision recognition system , our key design is a three - layer generative structure consisting of high - level coding , middle - level segmentation and low - level image to introduce global prior for semantic segmentation . based on this structure , we proposed a generative model called conditiona ←
→ correlation - based construction of neighborhood and edge features ; motivated by an abstract notion of low - level edge detector filters , we propose a simple method of unsupervised feature construction based on pairwise statistics of features . in the first step , we construct neighborhoods of features by regrouping features that correlate . then we use these subsets as filters to produce new neighborhood features . next , we connect neighborhood features that correlate , and construct edge features by subtracting t ←
→ staged mixture modelling and boosting ; in this paper , we introduce and evaluate a data - driven staged mixture modeling technique for building density , regression , and classification models . our basic approach is to sequentially add components to a finite mixture model using the structural expectation maximization ( sem ) algorithm . we show that our technique is qualitatively similar to boosting . this correspondence is a natural byproduct of the fact that we use the sem algorithm to sequentially fit the mixtur ←
→ heterogeneous patterns enhancing static and dynamic texture classification ; some mixtures , such as colloids like milk , blood , and gelatin , have homogeneous appearance when viewed with the naked eye , however , to observe them at the nanoscale is possible to understand the heterogeneity of its components . the same phenomenon can occur in pattern recognition in which it is possible to see heterogeneous patterns in texture images . however , current methods of texture analysis can not adequately describe such h ←
→ evolving a new feature for a working program ; a genetic programming system is created . a first fitness function f1 is used to evolve a program that implements a first feature . then the fitness function is switched to a second function f2 , which is used to evolve a program that implements a second feature while still maintaining the first feature . the median number of generations g1 and g2 needed to evolve programs that work as defined by f1 and f2 are measured . the behavior of g1 and g2 are observed as the ←
→ what is a salient object ? a dataset and a baseline model for salient object detection ; salient object detection or salient region detection models , diverging from fixation prediction models , have traditionally been dealing with locating and segmenting the most salient object or region in a scene . while the notion of most salient object is sensible when multiple objects exist in a scene , current datasets for evaluation of saliency detection approaches often have scenes with only one single object . we intr ←
→ exponential family hybrid semi - supervised learning ; we present an approach to semi - supervised learning based on an exponential family characterization . our approach generalizes previous work on coupled priors for hybrid generative / discriminative models . our model is more flexible and natural than previous approaches . experimental results on several data sets show that our approach also performs better in practice .←
→ accurate reconstruction of image stimuli from human fmri based on the decoding model with capsule network architecture ; in neuroscience , all kinds of computation models were designed to answer the open question of how sensory stimuli are encoded by neurons and conversely , how sensory stimuli can be decoded from neuronal activities . especially , functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) studies have made many great achievements with the rapid development of the deep network computation . however , compari ←
→ the influence of chunking on dependency crossing and distance ; this paper hypothesizes that chunking plays important role in reducing dependency distance and dependency crossings . computer simulations , when compared with natural languages , show that chunking reduces mean dependency distance ( mdd ) of a linear sequence of nodes ( constrained by continuity or projectivity ) to that of natural languages . more interestingly , chunking alone brings about less dependency crossings as well , though having failed to red ←
→ using posters to recommend anime and mangas in a cold - start scenario ; item cold - start is a classical issue in recommender systems that affects anime and manga recommendations as well . this problem can be framed as follows : how to predict whether a user will like a manga that received few ratings from the community ? content - based techniques can alleviate this issue but require extra information , that is usually expensive to gather . in this paper , we use a deep learning technique , illustration2vec , to easily ←
→ bayesian modeling of a human mmorpg player ; this paper describes an application of bayesian programming to the control of an autonomous avatar in a multiplayer role - playing game ( the example is based on world of warcraft ). we model a particular task , which consists of choosing what to do and to select which target in a situation where allies and foes are present . we explain the model in bayesian programming and show how we could learn the conditional probabilities from data gathered during human - played ses ←
→ pixel deconvolutional networks ; deconvolutional layers have been widely used in a variety of deep models for up - sampling , including encoder - decoder networks for semantic segmentation and deep generative models for unsupervised learning . one of the key limitations of deconvolutional operations is that they result in the so - called checkerboard problem . this is caused by the fact that no direct relationship exists among adjacent pixels on the output feature map . to address this problem , we propose the pixel d ←
→ a reconfigurable streaming deep convolutional neural network accelerator for internet of things ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) offers significant accuracy in image detection . to implement image detection using cnn in the internet of things ( iot ) devices , a streaming hardware accelerator is proposed . the proposed accelerator optimizes the energy efficiency by avoiding unnecessary data movement . with unique filter decomposition technique , the accelerator can support arbitrary convolution window size . ←
→ aishell - 1 : an open - source mandarin speech corpus and a speech recognition baseline ; an open - source mandarin speech corpus called aishell - 1 is released . it is by far the largest corpus which is suitable for conducting the speech recognition research and building speech recognition systems for mandarin . the recording procedure , including audio capturing devices and environments are presented in details . the preparation of the related resources , including transcriptions and lexicon are described . the corpus ←
→ a brandom - ian view of reinforcement learning towards strong - ai ; the analytic philosophy of robert brandom , based on the ideas of pragmatism , paints a picture of sapience , through inferentialism . in this paper , we present a theory , that utilizes essential elements of brandom ' s philosophy , towards the objective of achieving strong - ai . we do this by connecting the constitutive elements of reinforcement learning and the game of giving and asking for reasons . further , following brandom ' s prescriptive thoughts , ←
→ distributed dictionary learning over a sensor network ; we consider the problem of distributed dictionary learning , where a set of nodes is required to collectively learn a common dictionary from noisy measurements . this approach may be useful in several contexts including sensor networks . diffusion cooperation schemes have been proposed to solve the distributed linear regression problem . in this work we focus on a diffusion - based adaptive dictionary learning strategy : each node records observations and coo ←
→ online convex optimization against adversaries with memory and application to statistical arbitrage ; the framework of online learning with memory naturally captures learning problems with temporal constraints , and was previously studied for the experts setting . in this work we extend the notion of learning with memory to the general online convex optimization ( oco ) framework , and present two algorithms that attain low regret . the first algorithm applies to lipschitz continuous loss functions , obtaining o ←
→ learning of agent capability models with applications in multi - agent planning ; one important challenge for a set of agents to achieve more efficient collaboration is for these agents to maintain proper models of each other . an important aspect of these models of other agents is that they are often partial and incomplete . thus far , there are two common representations of agent models : mdp based and action based , which are both based on action modeling . in many applications , agent models may not have been ←
→ exploration -- exploitation in mdps with options ; while a large body of empirical results show that temporally - extended actions and options may significantly affect the learning performance of an agent , the theoretical understanding of how and when options can be beneficial in online reinforcement learning is relatively limited . in this paper , we derive an upper and lower bound on the regret of a variant of ucrl using options . while we first analyze the algorithm in the general case of semi - markov decision p ←
→ investigation of using vae for i - vector speaker verification ; new system for i - vector speaker recognition based on variational autoencoder ( vae ) is investigated . vae is a promising approach for developing accurate deep nonlinear generative models of complex data . experiments show that vae provides speaker embedding and can be effectively trained in an unsupervised manner . llr estimate for vae is developed . experiments on nist sre 2010 data demonstrate its correctness . additionally , we show that the perform ←
→ feature normalisation for robust speech recognition ; speech recognition system performance degrades in noisy environments . if the acoustic models are built using features of clean utterances , the features of a noisy test utterance would be acoustically mismatched with the trained model . this gives poor likelihoods and poor recognition accuracy . model adaptation and feature normalisation are two broad areas that address this problem . while the former often gives better performance , the latter involves estim ←
→ an entropy - based learning algorithm of bayesian conditional trees ; this article offers a modification of chow and liu ' s learning algorithm in the context of handwritten digit recognition . the modified algorithm directs the user to group digits into several classes consisting of digits that are hard to distinguish and then constructing an optimal conditional tree representation for each class of digits instead of for each single digit as done by chow and liu ( 1968 ). advantages and extensions of the new meth ←
→ performance localisation ; performance becomes an issue particularly when execution cost hinders the functionality of a program . typically a profiler can be used to find program code execution which represents a large portion of the overall execution cost of a program . pinpointing where a performance issue exists provides a starting point for tracing cause back through a program . while profiling shows where a performance issue manifests , we use mutation analysis to show where a performance improvement is ←
→ application of ontologies in identifying requirements patterns in use cases ; use case specifications have successfully been used for requirements description . they allow joining , in the same modeling space , the expectations of the stakeholders as well as the needs of the software engineer and analyst involved in the process . while use cases are not meant to describe a system ' s implementation , by formalizing their description we are able to extract implementation relevant information from them . more speci ←
→ multimodal compact bilinear pooling for multimodal neural machine translation ; in state - of - the - art neural machine translation , an attention mechanism is used during decoding to enhance the translation . at every step , the decoder uses this mechanism to focus on different parts of the source sentence to gather the most useful information before outputting its target word . recently , the effectiveness of the attention mechanism has also been explored for multimodal tasks , where it becomes possible to focus b ←
→ towards information based spatiotemporal patterns as a foundation for agent representation in dynamical systems ; we present some arguments why existing methods for representing agents fall short in applications crucial to artificial life . using a thought experiment involving a fictitious dynamical systems model of the biosphere we argue that the metabolism , motility , and the concept of counterfactual variation should be compatible with any agent representation in dynamical systems . we then propose an inf ←
→ conditional computation in neural networks for faster models ; deep learning has become the state - of - art tool in many applications , but the evaluation and training of deep models can be time - consuming and computationally expensive . the conditional computation approach has been proposed to tackle this problem ( bengio et al ., 2013 ; davis & arel , 2013 ). it operates by selectively activating only parts of the network at a time . in this paper , we use reinforcement learning as a tool to optimize conditional compu ←
→ heavy - tailed independent component analysis ; independent component analysis ( ica ) is the problem of efficiently recovering a matrix $ a \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ n \ times n }$ from i . i . d . observations of $ x = as $ where $ s \ in \ mathbb { r }^ n $ is a random vector with mutually independent coordinates . this problem has been intensively studied , but all existing efficient algorithms with provable guarantees require that the coordinates $ s_i $ have finite fourth moments . we consider the heavy - tailed ica problem where we do not ma ←
→ predicting and understanding law - making with word vectors and an ensemble model ; out of nearly 70 , 000 bills introduced in the u . s . congress from 2001 to 2015 , only 2 , 513 were enacted . we developed a machine learning approach to forecasting the probability that any bill will become law . starting in 2001 with the 107th congress , we trained models on data from previous congresses , predicted all bills in the current congress , and repeated until the 113th congress served as the test . for prediction we scored ←
→ increasing evolvability considered as a large - scale trend in evolution ; evolvability is the capacity to evolve . this paper introduces a simple computational model of evolvability and demonstrates that , under certain conditions , evolvability can increase indefinitely , even when there is no direct selection for evolvability . the model shows that increasing evolvability implies an accelerating evolutionary pace . it is suggested that the conditions for indefinitely increasing evolvability are satisfied in biol ←
→ deep sliding shapes for amodal 3d object detection in rgb - d images ; we focus on the task of amodal 3d object detection in rgb - d images , which aims to produce a 3d bounding box of an object in metric form at its full extent . we introduce deep sliding shapes , a 3d convnet formulation that takes a 3d volumetric scene from a rgb - d image as input and outputs 3d object bounding boxes . in our approach , we propose the first 3d region proposal network ( rpn ) to learn objectness from geometric shapes and the first jo ←
→ a secure and comparable text encryption algorithm ; this paper discloses a simple algorithm for encrypting text messages , based on the np - completeness of the subset sum problem , such that the similarity between encryptions is roughly proportional to the semantic similarity between their generating messages . this allows parties to compare encrypted messages for semantic overlap without trusting an intermediary and might be applied , for example , as a means of finding scientific collaborators over the internet ←
→ maintenance in probabilistic knowledge - based systems ; recent developments using directed acyclical graphs ( i . e ., influence diagrams and bayesian networks ) for knowledge representation have lessened the problems of using probability in knowledge - based systems ( kbs ). most current research involves the efficient propagation of new evidence , but little has been done concerning the maintenance of domain - specific knowledge , which includes the probabilistic information about the problem domain . by making use of c ←
→ learning 2d gabor filters by infinite kernel learning regression ; gabor functions have wide - spread applications in image processing and computer vision . in this paper , we prove that 2d gabor functions are translation - invariant positive - definite kernels and propose a novel formulation for the problem of image representation with gabor functions based on infinite kernel learning regression . using this formulation , we obtain a support vector expansion of an image based on a mixture of gabor functions . the pro ←
→ accelerating the ant colony optimization by smart ants , using genetic operator ; this paper research review ant colony optimization ( aco ) and genetic algorithm ( ga ), both are two powerful meta - heuristics . this paper explains some major defects of these two algorithm at first then proposes a new model for aco in which , artificial ants use a quick genetic operator and accelerate their actions in selecting next state . experimental results show that proposed hybrid algorithm is effective and its performance i ←
→ an evolutionary computing enriched rs attack resilient medical image steganography model for telemedicine applications ; the recent advancement in computing technologies and resulting vision based applications have gives rise to a novel practice called telemedicine that requires patient diagnosis images or allied information to recommend or even perform diagnosis practices being located remotely . however , to ensure accurate and optimal telemedicine there is the requirement of seamless or flawless biomedic ←
→ jointly modeling embedding and translation to bridge video and language ; automatically describing video content with natural language is a fundamental challenge of multimedia . recurrent neural networks ( rnn ), which models sequence dynamics , has attracted increasing attention on visual interpretation . however , most existing approaches generate a word locally with given previous words and the visual content , while the relationship between sentence semantics and visual content is not holistically exploited . a ←
→ expectation propogation for approximate inference in dynamic bayesian networks ; we describe expectation propagation for approximate inference in dynamic bayesian networks as a natural extension of pearl s exact belief propagation . expectation propagation is a greedy algorithm , converges in many practical cases , but not always . we derive a double - loop algorithm , guaranteed to converge to a local minimum of a bethe free energy . furthermore , we show that stable fixed points of ( damped ) expectation propagatio ←
→ development of ica and iva algorithms with application to medical image analysis ; independent component analysis ( ica ) is a widely used bss method that can uniquely achieve source recovery , subject to only scaling and permutation ambiguities , through the assumption of statistical independence on the part of the latent sources . independent vector analysis ( iva ) extends the applicability of ica by jointly decomposing multiple datasets through the exploitation of the dependencies across datasets . though bot ←
→ audio event and scene recognition : a unified approach using strongly and weakly labeled data ; in this paper we propose a novel learning framework called supervised and weakly supervised learning where the goal is to learn simultaneously from weakly and strongly labeled data . strongly labeled data can be simply understood as fully supervised data where all labeled instances are available . in weakly supervised learning only data is weakly labeled which prevents one from directly applying supervised learnin ←
→ bearing fault diagnosis based on spectrum images of vibration signals ; bearing fault diagnosis has been a challenge in the monitoring activities of rotating machinery , and it ' s receiving more and more attention . the conventional fault diagnosis methods usually extract features from the waveforms or spectrums of vibration signals in order to realize fault classification . in this paper , a novel feature in the form of images is presented , namely the spectrum images of vibration signals . the spectrum images ar ←
→ neural machine translation ; draft of textbook chapter on neural machine translation . a comprehensive treatment of the topic , ranging from introduction to neural networks , computation graphs , description of the currently dominant attentional sequence - to - sequence model , recent refinements , alternative architectures and challenges . written as chapter for the textbook statistical machine translation . used in the jhu fall 2017 class on machine translation .←
→ bp - stdp : approximating backpropagation using spike timing dependent plasticity ; the problem of training spiking neural networks ( snns ) is a necessary precondition to understanding computations within the brain , a field still in its infancy . previous work has shown that supervised learning in multi - layer snns enables bio - inspired networks to recognize patterns of stimuli through hierarchical feature acquisition . although gradient descent has shown impressive performance in multi - layer ( and deep ) snns , it ←
→ build fast and accurate lemmatization for arabic ; in this paper we describe the complexity of building a lemmatizer for arabic which has a rich and complex derivational morphology , and we discuss the need for a fast and accurate lammatization to enhance arabic information retrieval ( ir ) results . we also introduce a new data set that can be used to test lemmatization accuracy , and an efficient lemmatization algorithm that outperforms state - of - the - art arabic lemmatization in terms of accuracy and speed . we s ←
→ evidential reasoning in a categorial perspective : conjunction and disjunction of belief functions ; the categorial approach to evidential reasoning can be seen as a combination of the probability kinematics approach of richard jeffrey ( 1965 ) and the maximum ( cross -) entropy inference approach of e . t . jaynes ( 1957 ). as a consequence of that viewpoint , it is well known that category theory provides natural definitions for logical connectives . in particular , disjunction and conjunction are modelled by gener ←
→ the sp theory of intelligence : distinctive features and advantages ; this paper highlights distinctive features of the " sp theory of intelligence " and its apparent advantages compared with some ai - related alternatives . distinctive features and advantages are : simplification and integration of observations and concepts ; simplification and integration of structures and processes in computing systems ; the theory is itself a theory of computing ; it can be the basis for new architectures for computers ; informati ←
→ how image degradations affect deep cnn - based face recognition ? ; face recognition approaches that are based on deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have been dominating the field . the performance improvements they have provided in the so called in - the - wild datasets are significant , however , their performance under image quality degradations have not been assessed , yet . this is particularly important , since in real - world face recognition applications , images may contain various kinds of degradations due ←
→ sononet : real - time detection and localisation of fetal standard scan planes in freehand ultrasound ; identifying and interpreting fetal standard scan planes during 2d ultrasound mid - pregnancy examinations are highly complex tasks which require years of training . apart from guiding the probe to the correct location , it can be equally difficult for a non - expert to identify relevant structures within the image . automatic image processing can provide tools to help experienced as well as inexperienced operator ←
→ a common view on strong , uniform , and other notions of equivalence in answer - set programming ; logic programming under the answer - set semantics nowadays deals with numerous different notions of program equivalence . this is due to the fact that equivalence for substitution ( known as strong equivalence ) and ordinary equivalence are different concepts . the former holds , given programs p and q , iff p can be faithfully replaced by q within any context r , while the latter holds iff p and q provide the same outp ←
→ text annotation graphs : annotating complex natural language phenomena ; this paper introduces a new web - based software tool for annotating text , text annotation graphs , or tag . it provides functionality for representing complex relationships between words and word phrases that are not available in other software tools , including the ability to define and visualize relationships between the relationships themselves ( semantic hypergraphs ). additionally , we include an approach to representing text annotations ←
→ distributional reinforcement learning with quantile regression ; in reinforcement learning an agent interacts with the environment by taking actions and observing the next state and reward . when sampled probabilistically , these state transitions , rewards , and actions can all induce randomness in the observed long - term return . traditionally , reinforcement learning algorithms average over this randomness to estimate the value function . in this paper , we build on recent work advocating a distributional approac ←
→ mind the gap : subspace based hierarchical domain adaptation ; domain adaptation techniques aim at adapting a classifier learnt on a source domain to work on the target domain . exploiting the subspaces spanned by features of the source and target domains respectively is one approach that has been investigated towards solving this problem . these techniques normally assume the existence of a single subspace for the entire source / target domain . in this work , we consider the hierarchical organization of the da ←
→ truncated nuclear norm minimization for image restoration based on iterative support detection ; recovering a large matrix from limited measurements is a challenging task arising in many real applications , such as image inpainting , compressive sensing and medical imaging , and this kind of problems are mostly formulated as low - rank matrix approximation problems . due to the rank operator being non - convex and discontinuous , most of the recent theoretical studies use the nuclear norm as a convex relaxation an ←
→ continuous strategy replicator dynamics for multi -- agent learning ; the problem of multi - agent learning and adaptation has attracted a great deal of attention in recent years . it has been suggested that the dynamics of multi agent learning can be studied using replicator equations from population biology . most existing studies so far have been limited to discrete strategy spaces with a small number of available actions . in many cases , however , the choices available to agents are better characterized by cont ←
→ a review of verbal and non - verbal human - robot interactive communication ; in this paper , an overview of human - robot interactive communication is presented , covering verbal as well as non - verbal aspects of human - robot interaction . following a historical introduction , and motivation towards fluid human - robot communication , ten desiderata are proposed , which provide an organizational axis both of recent as well as of future research on human - robot communication . then , the ten desiderata are examined in detail ,←
→ a probabilistic translation method for dictionary - based cross - lingual information retrieval in agglutinative languages ; translation ambiguity , out of vocabulary words and missing some translations in bilingual dictionaries make dictionary - based cross - language information retrieval ( clir ) a challenging task . moreover , in agglutinative languages which do not have reliable stemmers , missing various lexical formations in bilingual dictionaries degrades clir performance . this paper aims to introduce a probabi ←
→ simulating a perceptron on a quantum computer ; perceptrons are the basic computational unit of artificial neural networks , as they model the activation mechanism of an output neuron due to incoming signals from its neighbours . as linear classifiers , they play an important role in the foundations of machine learning . in the context of the emerging field of quantum machine learning , several attempts have been made to develop a corresponding unit using quantum information theory . based on the quantum phase es ←
→ median evidential c - means algorithm and its application to community detection ; median clustering is of great value for partitioning relational data . in this paper , a new prototype - based clustering method , called median evidential c - means ( mecm ), which is an extension of median c - means and median fuzzy c - means on the theoretical framework of belief functions is proposed . the median variant relaxes the restriction of a metric space embedding for the objects but constrains the prototypes to be in the origi ←
→ a multichannel convolutional neural network for cross - language dialog state tracking ; the fifth dialog state tracking challenge ( dstc5 ) introduces a new cross - language dialog state tracking scenario , where the participants are asked to build their trackers based on the english training corpus , while evaluating them with the unlabeled chinese corpus . although the computer - generated translations for both english and chinese corpus are provided in the dataset , these translations contain errors and careless ←
→ collaborative filtering ensemble for personalized name recommendation ; out of thousands of names to choose from , picking the right one for your child is a daunting task . in this work , our objective is to help parents making an informed decision while choosing a name for their baby . we follow a recommender system approach and combine , in an ensemble , the individual rankings produced by simple collaborative filtering algorithms in order to produce a personalized list of names that meets the individual parent ←
→ one - pass , one - hash n - gram statistics estimation ; in multimedia , text or bioinformatics databases , applications query sequences of n consecutive symbols called n - grams . estimating the number of distinct n - grams is a view - size estimation problem . while view sizes can be estimated by sampling under statistical assumptions , we desire an unassuming algorithm with universally valid accuracy bounds . most related work has focused on repeatedly hashing the data , which is prohibitive for large data sources . we prove ←
→ don ' t decay the learning rate , increase the batch size ; it is common practice to decay the learning rate . here we show one can usually obtain the same learning curve on both training and test sets by instead increasing the batch size during training . this procedure is successful for stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ), sgd with momentum , nesterov momentum , and adam . it reaches equivalent test accuracies after the same number of training epochs , but with fewer parameter updates , leading to greater parallelism ←
→ deep api learning ; developers often wonder how to implement a certain functionality ( e . g ., how to parse xml files ) using apis . obtaining an api usage sequence based on an api - related natural language query is very helpful in this regard . given a query , existing approaches utilize information retrieval models to search for matching api sequences . these approaches treat queries and apis as bag - of - words ( i . e ., keyword matching or word - to - word alignment ) and lack a deep understanding of the semantics of the qu ←
→ kernalised multi - resolution convnet for visual tracking ; visual tracking is intrinsically a temporal problem . discriminative correlation filters ( dcf ) have demonstrated excellent performance for high - speed generic visual object tracking . built upon their seminal work , there has been a plethora of recent improvements relying on convolutional neural network ( cnn ) pretrained on imagenet as a feature extractor for visual tracking . however , most of their works relying on ad hoc analysis to design the weights fo ←
→ a tutorial on distributed ( non - bayesian ) learning : problem , algorithms and results ; we overview some results on distributed learning with focus on a family of recently proposed algorithms known as non - bayesian social learning . we consider different approaches to the distributed learning problem and its algorithmic solutions for the case of finitely many hypotheses . the original centralized problem is discussed at first , and then followed by a generalization to the distributed setting . the results on conv ←
→ robust classification with context - sensitive features ; this paper addresses the problem of classifying observations when features are context - sensitive , especially when the testing set involves a context that is different from the training set . the paper begins with a precise definition of the problem , then general strategies are presented for enhancing the performance of classification algorithms on this type of problem . these strategies are tested on three domains . the first domain is the diagnosis of ga ←
→ removing clouds and recovering ground observations in satellite image sequences via temporally contiguous robust matrix completion ; we consider the problem of removing and replacing clouds in satellite image sequences , which has a wide range of applications in remote sensing . our approach first detects and removes the cloud - contaminated part of the image sequences . it then recovers the missing scenes from the clean parts using the proposed " tecromac " ( temporally contiguous robust matrix completion ) objec ←
→ moderate environmental variation promotes the evolution of robust solutions ; previous evolutionary studies demonstrated how evaluating evolving agents in variable environmental conditions enable them to develop solutions that are robust to environmental variation . we demonstrate how the robustness of the agents can be further improved by exposing them also to environmental variations throughout generations . these two types of environmental variations play partially distinct roles as demonstrated by the f ←
→ conceptive artificial intelligence : insights from design theory ; the current paper offers a perspective on what we term conceptive intelligence - the capacity of an agent to continuously think of new object definitions ( tasks , problems , physical systems , etc .) and to look for methods to realize them . the framework , called a brouwer machine , is inspired by previous research in design theory and modeling , with its roots in the constructivist mathematics of intuitionism . the dual constructivist perspective we ←
→ discrete modeling of multi - transmitter neural networks with neuron competition ; we propose a novel discrete model of central pattern generators ( cpg ), neuronal ensembles generating rhythmic activity . the model emphasizes the role of nonsynaptic interactions and the diversity of electrical properties in nervous systems . neurons in the model release different neurotransmitters into the shared extracellular space ( ecs ) so each neuron with the appropriate set of receptors can receive signals from other neuro ←
→ comparing and evaluating extended lambek calculi ; lambeks syntactic calculus , commonly referred to as the lambek calculus , was innovative in many ways , notably as a precursor of linear logic . but it also showed that we could treat our grammatical framework as a logic ( as opposed to a logical theory ). however , though it was successful in giving at least a basic treatment of many linguistic phenomena , it was also clear that a slightly more expressive logical calculus was needed for many other cases . therefor ←
→ thesis : multiple kernel learning for object categorization ; object categorization is a challenging problem , especially when the images have clutter background , occlusions or different lighting conditions . in the past , many descriptors have been proposed which aid object categorization even in such adverse conditions . each descriptor has its own merits and de - merits . some descriptors are invariant to transformations while the others are more discriminative . past research has shown that , employing multiple d ←
→ phase diagram of restricted boltzmann machines and generalised hopfield networks with arbitrary priors ; restricted boltzmann machines are described by the gibbs measure of a bipartite spin glass , which in turn corresponds to the one of a generalised hopfield network . this equivalence allows us to characterise the state of these systems in terms of retrieval capabilities , both at low and high load . we study the paramagnetic - spin glass and the spin glass - retrieval phase transitions , as the pattern ( i . e . we ←
→ amplitude - based approach to evidence accumulation ; we point out the need to use probability amplitudes rather than probabilities to model evidence accumulation in decision processes involving real physical sensors . optical information processing systems are given as typical examples of systems that naturally gather evidence in this manner . we derive a new , amplitude - based generalization of the hough transform technique used for object recognition in machine vision . we argue that one should use complex houg ←
→ image similarity using deep cnn and curriculum learning ; image similarity involves fetching similar looking images given a reference image . our solution called simnet , is a deep siamese network which is trained on pairs of positive and negative images using a novel online pair mining strategy inspired by curriculum learning . we also created a multi - scale cnn , where the final image embedding is a joint representation of top as well as lower layer embedding ' s . we go on to show that this multi - scale siamese n ←
→ soft - robust actor - critic policy - gradient ; robust reinforcement learning aims to derive an optimal behavior that accounts for model uncertainty in dynamical systems . however , previous studies have shown that by considering the worst case scenario , robust policies can be overly conservative . our \ textit { soft - robust } framework is an attempt to overcome this issue . in this paper , we present a novel soft - robust actor - critic algorithm ( sr - ac ). it learns an optimal policy with respect to a distribution over an un ←
→ reweighted infrared patch - tensor model with both non - local and local priors for single - frame small target detection ; many state - of - the - art methods have been proposed for infrared small target detection . they work well on the images with homogeneous backgrounds and high - contrast targets . however , when facing highly heterogeneous backgrounds , they would not perform very well , mainly due to : 1 ) the existence of strong edges and other interfering components , 2 ) not utilizing the priors fully . inspired by thi ←
→ rapid posterior exploration in bayesian non - negative matrix factorization ; non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is a popular tool for data exploration . bayesian nmf promises to also characterize uncertainty in the factorization . unfortunately , current inference approaches such as mcmc mix slowly and tend to get stuck on single modes . we introduce a novel approach using rapidly - exploring random trees ( rrts ) to asymptotically cover regions of high posterior density . these are placed in a principled baye ←
→ a deep hashing learning network ; hashing - based methods seek compact and efficient binary codes that preserve the neighborhood structure in the original data space . for most existing hashing methods , an image is first encoded as a vector of hand - crafted visual feature , followed by a hash projection and quantization step to get the compact binary vector . most of the hand - crafted features just encode the low - level information of the input , the feature may not preserve the semantic similarities of images pairs ←
→ online linear optimization via smoothing ; we present a new optimization - theoretic approach to analyzing follow - the - leader style algorithms , particularly in the setting where perturbations are used as a tool for regularization . we show that adding a strongly convex penalty function to the decision rule and adding stochastic perturbations to data correspond to deterministic and stochastic smoothing operations , respectively . we establish an equivalence between " follow the regularized leader " and " follow the p ←
→ em algorithms for weighted - data clustering with application to audio - visual scene analysis ; data clustering has received a lot of attention and numerous methods , algorithms and software packages are available . among these techniques , parametric finite - mixture models play a central role due to their interesting mathematical properties and to the existence of maximum - likelihood estimators based on expectation - maximization ( em ). in this paper we propose a new mixture model that associates a weight with each ←
→ robust dialogue understanding in herald ; we tackle the problem of robust dialogue processing from the perspective of language engineering . we propose an agent - oriented architecture that allows us a flexible way of composing robust processors . our approach is based on shoham ' s agent oriented programming ( aop ) paradigm . we will show how the aop agent model can be enriched with special features and components that allow us to deal with classical problems of dialogue understanding .←
→ on sample complexity for computational pattern recognition ; in statistical setting of the pattern recognition problem the number of examples required to approximate an unknown labelling function is linear in the vc dimension of the target learning class . in this work we consider the question whether such bounds exist if we restrict our attention to computable pattern recognition methods , assuming that the unknown labelling function is also computable . we find that in this case the number of examples requir ←
→ learning from between - class examples for deep sound recognition ; deep learning methods have achieved high performance in sound recognition tasks . deciding how to feed the training data is important for further performance improvement . we propose a novel learning method for deep sound recognition : between - class learning ( bc learning ). our strategy is to learn a discriminative feature space by recognizing the between - class sounds as between - class sounds . we generate between - class sounds by mixing two sounds ←
→ complete complementary results report of the marf ' s nlp approach to the deft 2010 competition ; this companion paper complements the main deft ' 10 article describing the marf approach ( arxiv : 0905 . 1235 ) to the deft ' 10 nlp challenge ( described at http :// www . groupes . polymtl . ca / taln2010 / deft . php in french ). this paper is aimed to present the complete result sets of all the conducted experiments and their settings in the resulting tables highlighting the approach and the best results , but also showing the worse ←
→ exploiting agent and type independence in collaborative graphical bayesian games ; efficient collaborative decision making is an important challenge for multiagent systems . finding optimal joint actions is especially challenging when each agent has only imperfect information about the state of its environment . such problems can be modeled as collaborative bayesian games in which each agent receives private information in the form of its type . however , representing and solving such games requires space and ←
→ introduction to nonnegative matrix factorization ; in this paper , we introduce and provide a short overview of nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ). several aspects of nmf are discussed , namely , the application in hyperspectral imaging , geometry and uniqueness of nmf solutions , complexity , algorithms , and its link with extended formulations of polyhedra . in order to put nmf into perspective , the more general problem class of constrained low - rank matrix approximation problems is first briefly introduced .←
→ denoising autoencoders for fast combinatorial black box optimization ; estimation of distribution algorithms ( edas ) require flexible probability models that can be efficiently learned and sampled . autoencoders ( ae ) are generative stochastic networks with these desired properties . we integrate a special type of ae , the denoising autoencoder ( dae ), into an eda and evaluate the performance of dae - eda on several combinatorial optimization problems with a single objective . we asses the number of fitness evaluati ←
→ an elastic image registration approach for wireless capsule endoscope localization ; wireless capsule endoscope ( wce ) is an innovative imaging device that permits physicians to examine all the areas of the gastrointestinal ( gi ) tract . it is especially important for the small intestine , where traditional invasive endoscopies cannot reach . although wce represents an extremely important advance in medical imaging , a major drawback that remains unsolved is the wce precise location in the human body during its ←
→ midgar : detection of people through computer vision in the internet of things scenarios to improve the security in smart cities , smart towns , and smart homes ; could we use computer vision in the internet of things for using pictures as sensors ? this is the principal hypothesis that we want to resolve . currently , in order to create safety areas , cities , or homes , people use ip cameras . nevertheless , this system needs people who watch the camera images , watch the recording after something occurred , or wa ←
→ partial knowledge in embeddings ; representing domain knowledge is crucial for any task . there has been a wide range of techniques developed to represent this knowledge , from older logic based approaches to the more recent deep learning based techniques ( i . e . embeddings ). in this paper , we discuss some of these methods , focusing on the representational expressiveness tradeoffs that are often made . in particular , we focus on the the ability of various techniques to encode ` partial knowledge ' - a key componen ←
→ a progressive batching l - bfgs method for machine learning ; the standard l - bfgs method relies on gradient approximations that are not dominated by noise , so that search directions are descent directions , the line search is reliable , and quasi - newton updating yields useful quadratic models of the objective function . all of this appears to call for a full batch approach , but since small batch sizes give rise to faster algorithms with better generalization properties , l - bfgs is currently not considered an algo ←
→ the projected gsure for automatic parameter tuning in iterative shrinkage methods ; linear inverse problems are very common in signal and image processing . many algorithms that aim at solving such problems include unknown parameters that need tuning . in this work we focus on optimally selecting such parameters in iterative shrinkage methods for image deblurring and image zooming . our work uses the projected generalized stein unbiased risk estimator ( gsure ) for determining the threshold value lambda and th ←
→ sign - constrained regularized loss minimization ; in practical analysis , domain knowledge about analysis target has often been accumulated , although , typically , such knowledge has been discarded in the statistical analysis stage , and the statistical tool has been applied as a black box . in this paper , we introduce sign constraints that are a handy and simple representation for non - experts in generic learning problems . we have developed two new optimization algorithms for the sign - constrained regularized loss ←
→ tamu at kbp 2017 : event nugget detection and coreference resolution ; in this paper , we describe tamu ' s system submitted to the tac kbp 2017 event nugget detection and coreference resolution task . our system builds on the statistical and empirical observations made on training and development data . we found that modifiers of event nuggets tend to have unique syntactic distribution . their parts - of - speech tags and dependency relations provides them essential characteristics that are useful in identifying thei ←
→ variational reflectance estimation from multi - view images ; we tackle the problem of reflectance estimation from a set of multi - view images , assuming known geometry . the approach we put forward turns the input images into reflectance maps , through a robust variational method . the variational model comprises an image - driven fidelity term and a term which enforces consistency of the reflectance estimates with respect to each view . if illumination is fixed across the views , then reflectance estimation remains ←
→ optical flow fields : dense correspondence fields for highly accurate large displacement optical flow estimation ; modern large displacement optical flow algorithms usually use an initialization by either sparse descriptor matching techniques or dense approximate nearest neighbor fields . while the latter have the advantage of being dense , they have the major disadvantage of being very outlier - prone as they are not designed to find the optical flow , but the visually most similar correspondence . in this arti ←
→ short - term memory of deep rnn ; the extension of deep learning towards temporal data processing is gaining an increasing research interest . in this paper we investigate the properties of state dynamics developed in successive levels of deep recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) in terms of short - term memory abilities . our results reveal interesting insights that shed light on the nature of layering as a factor of rnn design . noticeably , higher layers in a hierarchically organized rnn architecture results to be i ←
→ automated non - mass enhancing lesion detection and segmentation in breast dce - mri ; non - mass enhancing lesions ( nme ) constitute a diagnostic challenge in dynamic contrast enhanced magnetic resonance imaging ( dce - mri ) of the breast . computer aided diagnosis ( cad ) systems provide physicians with advanced tools for analysis , assessment and evaluation that have a significant impact on the diagnostic performance . here , we propose a new approach for the specific problem of nme detection and segmentation , by taki ←
→ covariant compositional networks for learning graphs ; most existing neural networks for learning graphs address permutation invariance by conceiving of the network as a message passing scheme , where each node sums the feature vectors coming from its neighbors . we argue that this imposes a limitation on their representation power , and instead propose a new general architecture for representing objects consisting of a hierarchy of parts , which we call covariant compositional networks ( ccns ). here , covariance ←
→ learning selectively conditioned forest structures with applications to dbns and classification ; dealing with uncertainty in bayesian network structures using maximum a posteriori ( map ) estimation or bayesian model averaging ( bma ) is often intractable due to the superexponential number of possible directed , acyclic graphs . when the prior is decomposable , two classes of graphs where efficient learning can take place are tree structures , and fixed - orderings with limited in - degree . we show how map estimates ←
→ investigating mathematical models of immuno - interactions with early - stage cancer under an agent - based modelling perspective ; many advances in research regarding immuno - interactions with cancer were developed with the help of ordinary differential equation ( ode ) models . these models , however , are not effectively capable of representing problems involving individual localisation , memory and emerging properties , which are common characteristics of cells and molecules of the immune system . agent - based modell ←
→ supervised learning in multilayer spiking neural networks ; the current article introduces a supervised learning algorithm for multilayer spiking neural networks . the algorithm presented here overcomes some limitations of existing learning algorithms as it can be applied to neurons firing multiple spikes and it can in principle be applied to any linearisable neuron model . the algorithm is applied successfully to various benchmarks , such as the xor problem and the iris data set , as well as complex classifica ←
→ symmetry breaking using value precedence ; we present a comprehensive study of the use of value precedence constraints to break value symmetry . we first give a simple encoding of value precedence into ternary constraints that is both efficient and effective at breaking symmetry . we then extend value precedence to deal with a number of generalizations like wreath value and partial interchangeability . we also show that value precedence is closely related to lexicographical ordering . finally , we consider the i ←
→ general bayesian inference over the stiefel manifold via the givens transform ; we introduce the givens transform , a novel transform between the space of orthonormal matrices and $\ mathbb { r }^ d $. the givens transform allows for the application of any general bayesian inference algorithm to probabilistic models containing constrained unit - vectors or orthonormal matrix parameters . this includes a variety of matrix factorizations and dimensionality reduction models such as probabilistic pca ( ppca ), exponentia ←
→ max - sum diversification , monotone submodular functions and semi - metric spaces ; in many applications such as web - based search , document summarization , facility location and other applications , the results are preferable to be both representative and diversified subsets of documents . the goal of this study is to select a good " quality ", bounded - size subset of a given set of items , while maintaining their diversity relative to a semi - metric distance function . this problem was first studied by borodin et al \←
→ high - performance computing for scheduling decision support : a parallel depth - first search heuristic ; many academic disciplines - including information systems , computer science , and operations management - face scheduling problems as important decision making tasks . since many scheduling problems are np - hard in the strong sense , there is a need for developing solution heuristics . for scheduling problems with setup times on unrelated parallel machines , there is limited research on solution methods and to ←
→ benchmarking super - resolution algorithms on real data ; over the past decades , various super - resolution ( sr ) techniques have been developed to enhance the spatial resolution of digital images . despite the great number of methodical contributions , there is still a lack of comparative validations of sr under practical conditions , as capturing real ground truth data is a challenging task . therefore , current studies are either evaluated 1 ) on simulated data or 2 ) on real data without a pixel - wise ground truth . ←
→ two - dimensional cellular automata and the analysis of correlated time series ; correlated time series are time series that , by virtue of the underlying process to which they refer , are expected to influence each other strongly . we introduce a novel approach to handle such time series , one that models their interaction as a two - dimensional cellular automaton and therefore allows them to be treated as a single entity . we apply our approach to the problems of filling gaps and predicting values in rainfall ti ←
→ personal identification from lip - print features using a statistical model ; this paper presents a novel approach towards identification of human beings from the statistical analysis of their lip prints . lip features are extracted by studying the spatial orientations of the grooves present in lip prints of individuals using standard edge detection techniques . horizontal , vertical and diagonal groove features are analysed using connected - component analysis to generate the region - specific edge datasets . comp ←
→ clustering using isoperimetric number of trees ; in this paper we propose a graph - based data clustering algorithm which is based on exact clustering of a minimum spanning tree in terms of a minimum isoperimetry criteria . we show that our basic clustering algorithm runs in $ o ( n \ log n )$ and with post - processing in $ o ( n ^ 2 )$ ( worst case ) time where $ n $ is the size of the data set . we also show that our generalized graph model which also allows the use of potentials at vertices can be used to extract a more det ←
→ multi - branch fully convolutional network for face detection ; face detection is a fundamental problem in computer vision . it is still a challenging task in unconstrained conditions due to significant variations in scale , pose , expressions , and occlusion . in this paper , we propose a multi - branch fully convolutional network ( mb - fcn ) for face detection , which considers both efficiency and effectiveness in the design process . our mb - fcn detector can deal with faces at all scale ranges with only a single pass th ←
→ selective encoding for abstractive sentence summarization ; we propose a selective encoding model to extend the sequence - to - sequence framework for abstractive sentence summarization . it consists of a sentence encoder , a selective gate network , and an attention equipped decoder . the sentence encoder and decoder are built with recurrent neural networks . the selective gate network constructs a second level sentence representation by controlling the information flow from encoder to decoder . the second level rep ←
→ wikipedia vandal early detection : from user behavior to user embedding ; wikipedia is the largest online encyclopedia that allows anyone to edit articles . in this paper , we propose the use of deep learning to detect vandals based on their edit history . in particular , we develop a multi - source long - short term memory network ( m - lstm ) to model user behaviors by using a variety of user edit aspects as inputs , including the history of edit reversion information , edit page titles and categories . with m - lstm , we c ←
→ from node embedding to community embedding ; most of the existing graph embedding methods focus on nodes , which aim to output a vector representation for each node in the graph such that two nodes being " close " on the graph are close too in the low - dimensional space . despite the success of embedding individual nodes for graph analytics , we notice that an important concept of embedding communities ( i . e ., groups of nodes ) is missing . embedding communities is useful , not only for supporting various community - l ←
→ hashgan : attention - aware deep adversarial hashing for cross modal retrieval ; as the rapid growth of multi - modal data , hashing methods for cross - modal retrieval have received considerable attention . deep - networks - based cross - modal hashing methods are appealing as they can integrate feature learning and hash coding into end - to - end trainable frameworks . however , it is still challenging to find content similarities between different modalities of data due to the heterogeneity gap . to further address this prob ←
→ positive blood culture detection in time series data using a bilstm network ; the presence of bacteria or fungi in the bloodstream of patients is abnormal and can lead to life - threatening conditions . a computational model based on a bidirectional long short - term memory artificial neural network , is explored to assist doctors in the intensive care unit to predict whether examination of blood cultures of patients will return positive . as input it uses nine monitored clinical parameters , presented as time se ←
→ support vector machine classification of dimensionally reduced structural mri images for dementia ; we classify very - mild to moderate dementia in patients ( cdr ranging from 0 to 2 ) using a support vector machine classifier acting on dimensionally reduced feature set derived from mri brain scans of the 416 subjects available in the oasis - brains dataset . we use image segmentation and principal component analysis to reduce the dimensionality of the data . our resulting feature set contains 11 features for eac ←
→ learning for expertise matching with declination prediction ; we study the problem of finding appropriate experts who are able to complete timely reviews and would not say " no " to the invitation . the problem is a central issue in many question - and - answer systems , but has received little research attention . different from most existing studies that focus on expertise matching , we want to further predict the expert ' s response : given a question , how can we find the expert who is able to provide a quality revie ←
→ redundancy in logic ii : 2cnf and horn propositional formulae ; we report complexity results about redundancy of formulae in 2cnf form . we first consider the problem of checking redundancy and show some algorithms that are slightly better than the trivial one . we then analyze problems related to finding irredundant equivalent subsets ( i . e . s .) of a given set . the concept of cyclicity proved to be relevant to the complexity of these problems . some results about horn formulae are also shown .←
→ cause , responsibility , and blame : oa structural - model approach ; a definition of causality introduced by halpern and pearl , which uses structural equations , is reviewed . a more refined definition is then considered , which takes into account issues of normality and typicality , which are well known to affect causal ascriptions . causality is typically an all - or - nothing notion : either a is a cause of b or it is not . an extension of the definition of causality to capture notions of degree of responsibility and d ←
→ unsupervised learning of depth and ego - motion from video ; we present an unsupervised learning framework for the task of monocular depth and camera motion estimation from unstructured video sequences . we achieve this by simultaneously training depth and camera pose estimation networks using the task of view synthesis as the supervisory signal . the networks are thus coupled via the view synthesis objective during training , but can be applied independently at test time . empirical evaluation on the kitti datas ←
→ propagating regular counting constraints ; constraints over finite sequences of variables are ubiquitous in sequencing and timetabling . moreover , the wide variety of such constraints in practical applications led to general modelling techniques and generic propagation algorithms , often based on deterministic finite automata ( dfa ) and their extensions . we consider counter - dfas ( cdfa ), which provide concise models for regular counting constraints , that is constraints over the number of times a regular - languag ←
→ depth not needed - an evaluation of rgb - d feature encodings for off - road scene understanding by convolutional neural network ; scene understanding for autonomous vehicles is a challenging computer vision task , with recent advances in convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) achieving results that notably surpass prior traditional feature driven approaches . however , limited work investigates the application of such methods either within the highly unstructured off - road environment or to rgbd input data . in thi ←
→ avoiding echo - responses in a retrieval - based conversation system ; retrieval - based conversation systems generally tend to rank high responses that are semantically similar or even identical to the given conversation context . while the system ' s goal is to find the most appropriate response , rather than just semantically similar , this tendency results in low - quality responses . this challenge can be referred to as the " echoing problem ". to minimize this effect , we apply a hard negative mining approach at the t ←
→ sparsity - based correction of exponential artifacts ; this paper describes an exponential transient excision algorithm ( etea ). in biomedical time series analysis , e . g ., in vivo neural recording and electrocorticography ( ecog ), some measurement artifacts take the form of piecewise exponential transients . the proposed method is formulated as an unconstrained convex optimization problem , regularized by smoothed l1 - norm penalty function , which can be solved by majorization - minimization ( mm ) method . with a slight ←
→ a normative theory of adaptive dimensionality reduction in neural networks ; to make sense of the world our brains must analyze high - dimensional datasets streamed by our sensory organs . because such analysis begins with dimensionality reduction , modelling early sensory processing requires biologically plausible online dimensionality reduction algorithms . recently , we derived such an algorithm , termed similarity matching , from a multidimensional scaling ( mds ) objective function . however , in the existing al ←
→ effective face frontalization in unconstrained images ; " frontalization " is the process of synthesizing frontal facing views of faces appearing in single unconstrained photos . recent reports have suggested that this process may substantially boost the performance of face recognition systems . this , by transforming the challenging problem of recognizing faces viewed from unconstrained viewpoints to the easier problem of recognizing faces in constrained , forward facing poses . previous frontalization methods di ←
→ modeling the resource requirements of convolutional neural networks on mobile devices ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have revolutionized the research in computer vision , due to their ability to capture complex patterns , resulting in high inference accuracies . however , the increasingly complex nature of these neural networks means that they are particularly suited for server computers with powerful gpus . we envision that deep learning applications will be eventually and widely deployed on mobile de ←
→ learning fast - mixing models for structured prediction ; markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) algorithms are often used for approximate inference inside learning , but their slow mixing can be difficult to diagnose and the approximations can seriously degrade learning . to alleviate these issues , we define a new model family using strong doeblin markov chains , whose mixing times can be precisely controlled by a parameter . we also develop an algorithm to learn such models , which involves maximizing the data likeliho ←
→ rank - to - engage : new listwise approaches to maximize engagement ; for many internet businesses , presenting a given list of items in an order that maximizes a certain metric of interest ( e . g ., click - through - rate , average engagement time etc .) is crucial . we approach the aforementioned task from a learning - to - rank perspective which reveals a new problem setup . in traditional learning - to - rank literature , it is implicitly assumed that during the training data generation one has access to the \ emph { best or desire ←
→ highly scalable tensor factorization for prediction of drug - protein interaction type ; the understanding of the type of inhibitory interaction plays an important role in drug design . therefore , researchers are interested to know whether a drug has competitive or non - competitive interaction to particular protein targets . method : to analyze the interaction types we propose factorization method macau which allows us to combine different measurement types into a single tensor together with proteins and comp ←
→ measuring academic influence : not all citations are equal ; the importance of a research article is routinely measured by counting how many times it has been cited . however , treating all citations with equal weight ignores the wide variety of functions that citations perform . we want to automatically identify the subset of references in a bibliography that have a central academic influence on the citing paper . for this purpose , we examine the effectiveness of a variety of features for determining the academ ←
→ optimizing genetic algorithm strategies for evolving networks ; this paper explores the use of genetic algorithms for the design of networks , where the demands on the network fluctuate in time . for varying network constraints , we find the best network using the standard genetic algorithm operators such as inversion , mutation and crossover . we also examine how the choice of genetic algorithm operators affects the quality of the best network found . such networks typically contain redundancy in servers , where ←
→ from collective adaptive systems to human centric computation and back : spatial model checking for medical imaging ; recent research on formal verification for collective adaptive systems ( cas ) pushed advancements in spatial and spatio - temporal model checking , and as a side result provided novel image analysis methodologies , rooted in logical methods for topological spaces . medical imaging ( mi ) is a field where such technologies show potential for ground - breaking innovation . in this position paper , we pre ←
→ enriching very large ontologies using the www ; this paper explores the possibility to exploit text on the world wide web in order to enrich the concepts in existing ontologies . first , a method to retrieve documents from the www related to a concept is described . these document collections are used 1 ) to construct topic signatures ( lists of topically related words ) for each concept in wordnet , and 2 ) to build hierarchical clusters of the concepts ( the word senses ) that lexicalize a given word . the overall g ←
→ character - level question answering with attention ; we show that a character - level encoder - decoder framework can be successfully applied to question answering with a structured knowledge base . we use our model for single - relation question answering and demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on the simplequestions dataset ( bordes et al ., 2015 ), where we improve state - of - the - art accuracy from 63 . 9 % to 70 . 9 %, without use of ensembles . importantly , our character - level model has 16x fewer parameters than ←
→ rank diversity of languages : generic behavior in computational linguistics ; statistical studies of languages have focused on the rank - frequency distribution of words . instead , we introduce here a measure of how word ranks change in time and call this distribution \ emph { rank diversity }. we calculate this diversity for books published in six european languages since 1800 , and find that it follows a universal lognormal distribution . based on the mean and standard deviation associated with the lognormal dist ←
→ identification of complex systems in the basis of wavelets ; in this paper is proposed the method of the identification of complex dynamic systems . method can be used for the identification of linear and nonlinear complex dynamic systems for the determined or stochastic signals at the inputs and the outputs . it is proposed to use a basis of wavelets for obtaining the impulse transient function ( itf ) of system . itf is considered in the form of surface in the 3d space . are given the results of experiments on ←
→ graph 3 - coloring with a hybrid self - adaptive evolutionary algorithm ; this paper proposes a hybrid self - adaptive evolutionary algorithm for graph coloring that is hybridized with the following novel elements : heuristic genotype - phenotype mapping , a swap local search heuristic , and a neutral survivor selection operator . this algorithm was compared with the evolutionary algorithm with the saw method of eiben et al ., the tabucol algorithm of hertz and de werra , and the hybrid evolutionary algorithm of galinier ←
→ a comparison of lex bounds for multiset variables in constraint programming ; set and multiset variables in constraint programming have typically been represented using subset bounds . however , this is a weak representation that neglects potentially useful information about a set such as its cardinality . for set variables , the length - lex ( ll ) representation successfully provides information about the length ( cardinality ) and position in the lexicographic ordering . for multiset variables , where elements can ←
→ determination of referential property and number of nouns in japanese sentences for machine translation into english ; when translating japanese nouns into english , we face the problem of articles and numbers which the japanese language does not have , but which are necessary for the english composition . to solve this difficult problem we classified the referential property and the number of nouns into three types respectively . this paper shows that the referential property and the number of nouns in a sen ←
→ learning the structure and parameters of large - population graphical games from behavioral data ; we consider learning , from strictly behavioral data , the structure and parameters of linear influence games ( ligs ), a class of parametric graphical games introduced by irfan and ortiz ( 2014 ). ligs facilitate causal strategic inference ( csi ): making inferences from causal interventions on stable behavior in strategic settings . applications include the identification of the most influential individuals in large ←
→ learning combinations of sigmoids through gradient estimation ; we develop a new approach to learn the parameters of regression models with hidden variables . in a nutshell , we estimate the gradient of the regression function at a set of random points , and cluster the estimated gradients . the centers of the clusters are used as estimates for the parameters of hidden units . we justify this approach by studying a toy model , whereby the regression function is a linear combination of sigmoids . we prove that inde ←
→ applying boolean discrete methods in the production of a real - valued probabilistic programming model ; in this paper we explore the application of some notable boolean methods , namely the disjunctive normal form representation of logic table expansions , and apply them to a real - valued logic model which utilizes quantities on the range [ 0 , 1 ] to produce a probabilistic programming of a game character ' s logic in mathematical form .←
→ increasing air traffic : what is the problem ? ; nowadays , huge efforts are made to modernize the air traffic management systems to cope with uncertainty , complexity and sub - optimality . an answer is to enhance the information sharing between the stakeholders . this paper introduces a framework that bridges the gap between air traffic management and air traffic control on the one hand , and bridges the gap between the ground , the approach and the en - route centers on the other hand . an original system is presente ←
→ owl and lizard : patterns of head pose and eye pose in driver gaze classification ; accurate , robust , inexpensive gaze tracking in the car can help keep a driver safe by facilitating the more effective study of how to improve ( 1 ) vehicle interfaces and ( 2 ) the design of future advanced driver assistance systems . in this paper , we estimate head pose and eye pose from monocular video using methods developed extensively in prior work and ask two new interesting questions . first , how much better can we classif ←
→ efficiency for regularization parameter selection in penalized likelihood estimation of misspecified models ; it has been shown that aic - type criteria are asymptotically efficient selectors of the tuning parameter in non - concave penalized regression methods under the assumption that the population variance is known or that a consistent estimator is available . we relax this assumption to prove that aic itself is asymptotically efficient and we study its performance in finite samples . in classical regressio ←
→ simple text mining for sentiment analysis of political figure using naive bayes classifier method ; text mining can be applied to many fields . one of the application is using text mining in digital newspaper to do politic sentiment analysis . in this paper sentiment analysis is applied to get information from digital news articles about its positive or negative sentiment regarding particular politician . this paper suggests a simple model to analyze digital newspaper sentiment polarity using naive bayes cla ←
→ dynamic matrix recovery from incomplete observations under an exact low - rank constraint ; low - rank matrix factorizations arise in a wide variety of applications -- including recommendation systems , topic models , and source separation , to name just a few . in these and many other applications , it has been widely noted that by incorporating temporal information and allowing for the possibility of time - varying models , significant improvements are possible in practice . however , despite the reported superior em ←
→ spherical cnns ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have become the method of choice for learning problems involving 2d planar images . however , a number of problems of recent interest have created a demand for models that can analyze spherical images . examples include omnidirectional vision for drones , robots , and autonomous cars , molecular regression problems , and global weather and climate modelling . a naive application of convolutional networks to a planar projection of the spherical signal is destined ←
→ object - oriented knowledge extraction using universal exploiters ; this paper contains analysis and extension of exploiters - based knowledge extraction methods , which allow generation of new knowledge , based on the basic ones . the main achievement of the paper is useful features of some universal exploiters proof , which allow extending set of basic classes and set of basic relations by finite set of new classes of objects and relations among them , which allow creating of complete lattice . proposed approach gi ←
→ venture : a higher - order probabilistic programming platform with programmable inference ; we describe venture , an interactive virtual machine for probabilistic programming that aims to be sufficiently expressive , extensible , and efficient for general - purpose use . like church , probabilistic models and inference problems in venture are specified via a turing - complete , higher - order probabilistic language descended from lisp . unlike church , venture also provides a compositional language for custom inference st ←
→ look , imagine and match : improving textual - visual cross - modal retrieval with generative models ; textual - visual cross - modal retrieval has been a hot research topic in both computer vision and natural language processing communities . learning appropriate representations for multi - modal data is crucial for the cross - modal retrieval performance . unlike existing image - text retrieval approaches that embed image - text pairs as single feature vectors in a common representational space , we propose to incorporate g ←
→ estimation and optimization of composite outcomes ; there is tremendous interest in precision medicine as a means to improve patient outcomes by tailoring treatment to individual characteristics . an individualized treatment rule formalizes precision medicine as a map from patient information to a recommended treatment . a rule is defined to be optimal if it maximizes the mean of a scalar outcome in a population of interest , e . g ., symptom reduction . however , clinical and intervention scientists often must bal ←
→ optimal stochastic delivery planning in full - truckload and less - than - truckload delivery ; with an increasing demand from emerging logistics businesses , vehicle routing problem with private fleet and common carrier ( vrppc ) has been introduced to manage package delivery services from a supplier to customers . however , almost all of existing studies focus on the deterministic problem that assumes all parameters are known perfectly at the time when the planning and routing decisions are made . in reality , some ←
→ a minimal six - point auto - calibration algorithm ; a non - iterative auto - calibration algorithm is presented . it deals with a minimal set of six scene points in three views taken by a camera with fixed but unknown intrinsic parameters . calibration is based on the image correspondences only . the algorithm is implemented and validated on synthetic image data .←
→ on some integrated approaches to inference ; we present arguments for the formulation of unified approach to different standard continuous inference methods from partial information . it is claimed that an explicit partition of information into a priori ( prior knowledge ) and a posteriori information ( data ) is an important way of standardizing inference approaches so that they can be compared on a normative scale , and so that notions of optimal algorithms become farther - reaching . the inference methods conside ←
→ variance - reduced proximal stochastic gradient descent for non - convex composite optimization ; here we study non - convex composite optimization : first , a finite - sum of smooth but non - convex functions , and second , a general function that admits a simple proximal mapping . most research on stochastic methods for composite optimization assumes convexity or strong convexity of each function . in this paper , we extend this problem into the non - convex setting using variance reduction techniques , such as prox - svrg a ←
→ learning to decompose for object detection and instance segmentation ; although deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have achieved remarkable results on object detection and segmentation , pre - and post - processing steps such as region proposals and non - maximum suppression ( nms ), have been required . these steps result in high computational complexity and sensitivity to hyperparameters , e . g . thresholds for nms . in this work , we propose a novel end - to - end trainable deep neural network architecture , which con ←
→ learning a no - reference quality metric for single - image super - resolution ; numerous single - image super - resolution algorithms have been proposed in the literature , but few studies address the problem of performance evaluation based on visual perception . while most super - resolution images are evaluated by fullreference metrics , the effectiveness is not clear and the required ground - truth images are not always available in practice . to address these problems , we conduct human subject studies using a large set ←
→ bayesian conditional gaussian network classifiers with applications to mass spectra classification ; classifiers based on probabilistic graphical models are very effective . in continuous domains , maximum likelihood is usually used to assess the predictions of those classifiers . when data is scarce , this can easily lead to overfitting . in any probabilistic setting , bayesian averaging ( ba ) provides theoretically optimal predictions and is known to be robust to overfitting . in this work we introduce bayesian ←
→ automatic bridge bidding using deep reinforcement learning ; bridge is among the zero - sum games for which artificial intelligence has not yet outperformed expert human players . the main difficulty lies in the bidding phase of bridge , which requires cooperative decision making under partial information . existing artificial intelligence systems for bridge bidding rely on and are thus restricted by human - designed bidding systems or features . in this work , we propose a pioneering bridge bidding system without t ←
→ zipf ' s law and the frequency of characters or words of oracles ; the article discusses the frequency of characters of oracle , concluding that the frequency and the rank of a word or character is fit to zipf - mandelboit law or zipf ' s law with three parameters , and figuring out the parameters based on the frequency , and pointing out that what some researchers of oracle call the assembling on the two ends is just a description by their impression about the oracle data .←
→ learning from distributions via support measure machines ; this paper presents a kernel - based discriminative learning framework on probability measures . rather than relying on large collections of vectorial training examples , our framework learns using a collection of probability distributions that have been constructed to meaningfully represent training data . by representing these probability distributions as mean embeddings in the reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ), we are able to apply many standard ←
→ principles and implementation of deductive parsing ; we present a system for generating parsers based directly on the metaphor of parsing as deduction . parsing algorithms can be represented directly as deduction systems , and a single deduction engine can interpret such deduction systems so as to implement the corresponding parser . the method generalizes easily to parsers for augmented phrase structure formalisms , such as definite - clause grammars and other logic grammar formalisms , and has been used for rapi ←
→ learning fuzzy controllers in mobile robotics with embedded preprocessing ; the automatic design of controllers for mobile robots usually requires two stages . in the first stage , sensorial data are preprocessed or transformed into high level and meaningful values of variables whichare usually defined from expert knowledge . in the second stage , a machine learning technique is applied toobtain a controller that maps these high level variables to the control commands that are actually sent tothe robot . this p ←
→ preference learning in terminology extraction : a roc - based approach ; a key data preparation step in text mining , term extraction selects the terms , or collocation of words , attached to specific concepts . in this paper , the task of extracting relevant collocations is achieved through a supervised learning algorithm , exploiting a few collocations manually labelled as relevant / irrelevant . the candidate terms are described along 13 standard statistical criteria measures . from these examples , an evolutionary le ←
→ policy iteration for factored mdps ; many large mdps can be represented compactly using a dynamic bayesian network . although the structure of the value function does not retain the structure of the process , recent work has shown that value functions in factored mdps can often be approximated well using a decomposed value function : a linear combination of < i > restricted </ i > basis functions , each of which refers only to a small subset of variables . an approximate value function for a particular policy can be c ←
→ fast low - rank shared dictionary learning for image classification ; despite the fact that different objects possess distinct class - specific features , they also usually share common patterns . this observation has been exploited partially in a recently proposed dictionary learning framework by separating the particularity and the commonality ( copar ). inspired by this , we propose a novel method to explicitly and simultaneously learn a set of common patterns as well as class - specific features for classification ←
→ neural net model for featured word extraction ; search engines perform the task of retrieving information related to the user - supplied query words . this task has two parts ; one is finding " featured words " which describe an article best and the other is finding a match among these words to user - defined search terms . there are two main independent approaches to achieve this task . the first one , using the concepts of semantics , has been implemented partially . for more details see another paper of marko et al .,←
→ inertial - based scale estimation for structure from motion on mobile devices ; structure from motion algorithms have an inherent limitation that the reconstruction can only be determined up to the unknown scale factor . modern mobile devices are equipped with an inertial measurement unit ( imu ), which can be used for estimating the scale of the reconstruction . we propose a method that recovers the metric scale given inertial measurements and camera poses . in the process , we also perform a temporal and spatia ←
→ cluster - based kriging approximation algorithms for complexity reduction ; kriging or gaussian process regression is applied in many fields as a non - linear regression model as well as a surrogate model in the field of evolutionary computation . however , the computational and space complexity of kriging , that is cubic and quadratic in the number of data points respectively , becomes a major bottleneck with more and more data available nowadays . in this paper , we propose a general methodology for the complexity ←
→ on the regularization of wasserstein gans ; since their invention , generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have become a popular approach for learning to model a distribution of real ( unlabeled ) data . convergence problems during training are overcome by wasserstein gans which minimize the distance between the model and the empirical distribution in terms of a different metric , but thereby introduce a lipschitz constraint into the optimization problem . a simple way to enforce the lipschitz constraint on the c ←
→ matching networks for one shot learning ; learning from a few examples remains a key challenge in machine learning . despite recent advances in important domains such as vision and language , the standard supervised deep learning paradigm does not offer a satisfactory solution for learning new concepts rapidly from little data . in this work , we employ ideas from metric learning based on deep neural features and from recent advances that augment neural networks with external memories . our framework learns a ne ←
→ towards automatic 3d shape instantiation for deployed stent grafts : 2d multiple - class and class - imbalance marker segmentation with equally - weighted focal u - net ; robot - assisted fenestrated endovascular aortic repair ( fevar ) is currently navigated by 2d fluoroscopy which is insufficiently informative . previously , a semi - automatic 3d shape instantiation method was developed to instantiate the 3d shape of a main , deployed , and fenestrated stent graft from a single fluoroscopy projection in real - time , which ←
→ deepfont : identify your font from an image ; as font is one of the core design concepts , automatic font identification and similar font suggestion from an image or photo has been on the wish list of many designers . we study the visual font recognition ( vfr ) problem , and advance the state - of - the - art remarkably by developing the deepfont system . first of all , we build up the first available large - scale vfr dataset , named adobevfr , consisting of both labeled synthetic data and partially labeled real - world data ←
→ a kernel independence test for geographical language variation ; quantifying the degree of spatial dependence for linguistic variables is a key task for analyzing dialectal variation . however , existing approaches have important drawbacks . first , they are based on parametric models of dependence , which limits their power in cases where the underlying parametric assumptions are violated . second , they are not applicable to all types of linguistic data : some approaches apply only to frequencies , others to boole ←
→ classification of radiology reports using neural attention models ; the electronic health record ( ehr ) contains a large amount of multi - dimensional and unstructured clinical data of significant operational and research value . distinguished from previous studies , our approach embraces a double - annotated dataset and strays away from obscure " black - box " models to comprehensive deep learning models . in this paper , we present a novel neural attention mechanism that not only classifies clinically important findin ←
→ multi - camera realtime 3d tracking of multiple flying animals ; automated tracking of animal movement allows analyses that would not otherwise be possible by providing great quantities of data . the additional capability of tracking in realtime - with minimal latency - opens up the experimental possibility of manipulating sensory feedback , thus allowing detailed explorations of the neural basis for control of behavior . here we describe a new system capable of tracking the position and body orientation of anim ←
→ limits of learning about a categorical latent variable under prior near - ignorance ; in this paper , we consider the coherent theory of ( epistemic ) uncertainty of walley , in which beliefs are represented through sets of probability distributions , and we focus on the problem of modeling prior ignorance about a categorical random variable . in this setting , it is a known result that a state of prior ignorance is not compatible with learning . to overcome this problem , another state of beliefs , called \ emph { near ←
→ auxiliary variables for multi - dirichlet priors ; bayesian models that mix multiple dirichlet prior parameters , called multi - dirichlet priors ( md ) in this paper , are gaining popularity . inferring mixing weights and parameters of mixed prior distributions seems tricky , as sums over dirichlet parameters complicate the joint distribution of model parameters . this paper shows a novel auxiliary variable scheme which helps to simplify the inference for models involving hierarchical mds and mdps . using this schem ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for conversational ai ; deep reinforcement learning is revolutionizing the artificial intelligence field . currently , it serves as a good starting point for constructing intelligent autonomous systems which offer a better knowledge of the visual world . it is possible to scale deep reinforcement learning with the use of deep learning and do amazing tasks such as use of pixels in playing video games . in this paper , key concepts of deep reinforcement learning including reward functio ←
→ uncharted forest a technique for exploratory data analysis of provenance studies ; exploratory data analysis is a crucial task for developing effective classification models from high dimensional datasets . we explore the utility of a new unsupervised tree ensemble which we call , uncharted forest , for purposes of elucidating class associations , sample - sample associations , class heterogeneity , and uninformative classes for provenance studies . uncharted forest partitions data along random variables which off ←
→ text localization in video using multiscale weber ' s local descriptor ; in this paper , we propose a novel approach for detecting the text present in videos and scene images based on the multiscale weber ' s local descriptor ( mwld ). given an input video , the shots are identified and the key frames are extracted based on their spatio - temporal relationship . from each key frame , we detect the local region information using wld with different radius and neighborhood relationship of pixel values and hence obtained i ←
→ a mathematical trust algebra for international nation relations computation and evaluation ; this paper presents a trust computation for international relations and its calculus , which related to bayesian inference , dempster shafer theory and subjective logic . we proposed a method that allows a trust computation which is previously subjective and incomputable . an example of case study for the trust computation is the united states of america great britain relations . the method supports decision makers in ←
→ dual recovery network with online compensation for image super - resolution ; the image super - resolution ( sr ) methods will essentially lead to a loss of some high - frequency ( hf ) information when predicting high - resolution ( hr ) images from low - resolution ( lr ) images without using external references . to address that , we additionally utilize online retrieved data to facilitate image sr in a unified deep framework . a novel dual high - frequency recovery network ( dhn ) is proposed to predict an hr image with three ←
→ rate - distortion bounds on bayes risk in supervised learning ; we present an information - theoretic framework for bounding the number of labeled samples needed to train a classifier in a parametric bayesian setting . we derive bounds on the average $ l_p $ distance between the learned classifier and the true maximum a posteriori classifier , which are well - established surrogates for the excess classification error due to imperfect learning . we provide lower and upper bounds on the rate - distortion function , using ←
→ frank - wolfe optimization for symmetric - nmf under simplicial constraint ; we propose a frank - wolfe ( fw ) solver to optimize the symmetric nonnegative matrix factorization problem under a simplicial constraint . compared with existing solutions , this algorithm is extremely simple to implement , and has almost no hyperparameters to be tuned . building on the recent advances of fw algorithms in nonconvex optimization , we prove an $ o ( 1 /\ varepsilon ^ 2 )$ convergence rate to stationary points , via a tight bound $\ theta (←
→ ontological crises in artificial agents ' value systems ; decision - theoretic agents predict and evaluate the results of their actions using a model , or ontology , of their environment . an agent ' s goal , or utility function , may also be specified in terms of the states of , or entities within , its ontology . if the agent may upgrade or replace its ontology , it faces a crisis : the agent ' s original goal may not be well - defined with respect to its new ontology . this crisis must be resolved before the agent can make ←
→ enhancing a search algorithm to perform intelligent backtracking ; this paper illustrates how a prolog program , using chronological backtracking to find a solution in some search space , can be enhanced to perform intelligent backtracking . the enhancement crucially relies on the impurity of prolog that allows a program to store information when a dead end is reached . to illustrate the technique , a simple search program is enhanced . to appear in theory and practice of logic programming . keywords : intellig ←
→ object recognition and identification using esm data ; recognition and identification of unknown targets is a crucial task in surveillance and security systems . electronic support measures ( esm ) are one of the most effective sensors for identification , especially for maritime and air -- to -- ground applications . in typical surveillance systems multiple esm sensors are usually deployed along with kinematic sensors like radar . different esm sensors may produce different types of reports ready to be sent to the f ←
→ beta diffusion trees and hierarchical feature allocations ; we define the beta diffusion tree , a random tree structure with a set of leaves that defines a collection of overlapping subsets of objects , known as a feature allocation . a generative process for the tree structure is defined in terms of particles ( representing the objects ) diffusing in some continuous space , analogously to the dirichlet diffusion tree ( neal , 2003 ), which defines a tree structure over partitions ( i . e ., non - overlapping subsets ) of ←
→ indoor localization by fusing a group of fingerprints based on random forests ; indoor localization based on single of fingerprint ( siof ) is rather susceptible to the changing environment , multipath , and non - line - of - sight ( nlos ) propagation . building siof is also a very time - consuming process . recently , we first proposed a group of fingerprints ( goof ) to improve the localization accuracy and reduce the burden of building fingerprints . however , the main drawback is the timeliness . in this paper , we propose ←
→ a new look at the easy - hard - easy pattern of combinatorial search difficulty ; the easy - hard - easy pattern in the difficulty of combinatorial search problems as constraints are added has been explained as due to a competition between the decrease in number of solutions and increased pruning . we test the generality of this explanation by examining one of its predictions : if the number of solutions is held fixed by the choice of problems , then increased pruning should lead to a monotonic decrease in search co ←
→ a new combination approach based on improved evidence distance ; dempster - shafer evidence theory is a powerful tool in information fusion . when the evidence are highly conflicting , the counter - intuitive results will be presented . to adress this open issue , a new method based on evidence distance of jousselme and hausdorff distance is proposed . weight of each evidence can be computed , preprocess the original evidence to generate a new evidence . the dempster ' s combination rule is used to combine the new evide ←
→ unsupervised generative modeling using matrix product states ; generative modeling , which learns joint probability distribution from training data and generates samples according to it , is an important task in machine learning and artificial intelligence . inspired by probabilistic interpretation of quantum physics , we propose a generative model using matrix product states , which is a tensor network originally proposed for describing ( particularly one - dimensional ) entangled quantum states . our model enjoys e ←
→ deep neural networks for czech multi - label document classification ; this paper is focused on automatic multi - label document classification of czech text documents . the current approaches usually use some pre - processing which can have negative impact ( loss of information , additional implementation work , etc ). therefore , we would like to omit it and use deep neural networks that learn from simple features . this choice was motivated by their successful usage in many other machine learning fields . two differen ←
→ visual fashion - product search at sk planet ; we build a large - scale visual search system which finds similar product images given a fashion item . defining similarity among arbitrary fashion - products is still remains a challenging problem , even there is no exact ground - truth . to resolve this problem , we define more than 90 fashion - related attributes , and combination of these attributes can represent thousands of unique fashion - styles . the fashion - attributes are one of the ingredients to define semantic simil ←
→ vehicle color recognition using convolutional neural network ; vehicle color information is one of the important elements in its ( intelligent traffic system ). in this paper , we present a vehicle color recognition method using convolutional neural network ( cnn ). naturally , cnn is designed to learn classification method based on shape information , but we proved that cnn can also learn classification based on color distribution . in our method , we convert the input image to two different color spaces , hsv and c ←
→ zm - net : real - time zero - shot image manipulation network ; many problems in image processing and computer vision ( e . g . colorization , style transfer ) can be posed as ' manipulating ' an input image into a corresponding output image given a user - specified guiding signal . a holy - grail solution towards generic image manipulation should be able to efficiently alter an input image with any personalized signals ( even signals unseen during training ), such as diverse paintings and arbitrary descriptive attributes . howev ←
→ learning prices for repeated auctions with strategic buyers ; inspired by real - time ad exchanges for online display advertising , we consider the problem of inferring a buyer ' s value distribution for a good when the buyer is repeatedly interacting with a seller through a posted - price mechanism . we model the buyer as a strategic agent , whose goal is to maximize her long - term surplus , and we are interested in mechanisms that maximize the seller ' s long - term revenue . we define the natural notion of strategic reg ←
→ enhancing multi - class classification of random forest using random vector functional neural network and oblique decision surfaces ; both neural networks and decision trees are popular machine learning methods and are widely used to solve problems from diverse domains . these two classifiers are commonly used base classifiers in an ensemble framework . in this paper , we first present a new variant of oblique decision tree based on a linear classifier , then construct an ensemble classifier based on the fusion ←
→ robust and efficient transfer learning with hidden - parameter markov decision processes ; we introduce a new formulation of the hidden parameter markov decision process ( hip - mdp ), a framework for modeling families of related tasks using low - dimensional latent embeddings . our new framework correctly models the joint uncertainty in the latent parameters and the state space . we also replace the original gaussian process - based model with a bayesian neural network , enabling more scalable inference . thus , we exp ←
→ segment parameter labelling in mcmc mean - shift change detection ; this work addresses the problem of segmentation in time series data with respect to a statistical parameter of interest in bayesian models . it is common to assume that the parameters are distinct within each segment . as such , many bayesian change point detection models do not exploit the segment parameter patterns , which can improve performance . this work proposes a bayesian mean - shift change point detection algorithm that makes use of repeti ←
→ symmetry - invariant optimization in deep networks ; recent works have highlighted scale invariance or symmetry that is present in the weight space of a typical deep network and the adverse effect that it has on the euclidean gradient based stochastic gradient descent optimization . in this work , we show that these and other commonly used deep networks , such as those which use a max - pooling and sub - sampling layer , possess more complex forms of symmetry arising from scaling based reparameterization of the netwo ←
→ a novel illumination - invariant loss for monocular 3d pose estimation ; the problem of identifying the 3d pose of a known object from a given 2d image has important applications in computer vision . our proposed method of registering a 3d model of a known object on a given 2d photo of the object has numerous advantages over existing methods . it does not require prior training , knowledge of the camera parameters , explicit point correspondences or matching features between the image and model . unlike techniques ←
→ extending detection with forensic information ; for over a quarter century , security - relevant detection has been driven by models learned from input features collected from real or simulated environments . an artifact ( e . g ., network event , potential malware sample , suspicious email ) is deemed malicious or non - malicious based on its similarity to the learned model at run - time . however , the training of the models has been historically limited to only those features available at run time . in this paper , we cons ←
→ inference algorithms for pattern - based crfs on sequence data ; we consider conditional random fields ( crfs ) with pattern - based potentials defined on a chain . in this model the energy of a string ( labeling ) $ x_1 ... x_n $ is the sum of terms over intervals $[ i , j ]$ where each term is non - zero only if the substring $ x_i ... x_j $ equals a prespecified pattern $\ alpha $. such crfs can be naturally applied to many sequence tagging problems . we present efficient algorithms for the three standard inference tasks in a c ←
→ topical stance detection for twitter : a two - phase lstm model using attention ; the topical stance detection problem addresses detecting the stance of the text content with respect to a given topic : whether the sentiment of the given text content is in favor of ( positive ), is against ( negative ), or is none ( neutral ) towards the given topic . using the concept of attention , we develop a two - phase solution . in the first phase , we classify subjectivity - whether a given tweet is neutral or subjective with resp ←
→ a hybrid latent variable neural network model for item recommendation ; collaborative filtering is used to recommend items to a user without requiring a knowledge of the item itself and tends to outperform other techniques . however , collaborative filtering suffers from the cold - start problem , which occurs when an item has not yet been rated or a user has not rated any items . incorporating additional information , such as item or user descriptions , into collaborative filtering can address the cold - start probl ←
→ enhance visual recognition under adverse conditions via deep networks ; visual recognition under adverse conditions is a very important and challenging problem of high practical value , due to the ubiquitous existence of quality distortions during image acquisition , transmission , or storage . while deep neural networks have been extensively exploited in the techniques of low - quality image restoration and high - quality image recognition tasks respectively , few studies have been done on the important problem of ←
→ the propagation depth of local consistency ; we establish optimal bounds on the number of nested propagation steps in $ k $- consistency tests . it is known that local consistency algorithms such as arc -, path - and $ k $- consistency are not efficiently parallelizable . their inherent sequential nature is caused by long chains of nested propagation steps , which cannot be executed in parallel . this motivates the question " what is the minimum number of nested propagation steps that have to be performed by $ k $- consist ←
→ an efficient algorithm for learning with semi - bandit feedback ; we consider the problem of online combinatorial optimization under semi - bandit feedback . the goal of the learner is to sequentially select its actions from a combinatorial decision set so as to minimize its cumulative loss . we propose a learning algorithm for this problem based on combining the follow - the - perturbed - leader ( fpl ) prediction method with a novel loss estimation procedure called geometric resampling ( gr ). contrary to previous soluti ←
→ automatic segmentation of mr brain images with a convolutional neural network ; automatic segmentation in mr brain images is important for quantitative analysis in large - scale studies with images acquired at all ages . this paper presents a method for the automatic segmentation of mr brain images into a number of tissue classes using a convolutional neural network . to ensure that the method obtains accurate segmentation details as well as spatial consistency , the network uses multiple patch sizes and mul ←
→ dense non - rigid structure - from - motion made easy - a spatial - temporal smoothness based solution ; this paper proposes a simple spatial - temporal smoothness based method for solving dense non - rigid structure - from - motion ( nrsfm ). first , we revisit the temporal smoothness and demonstrate that it can be extended to dense case directly . second , we propose to exploit the spatial smoothness by resorting to the laplacian of the 3d non - rigid shape . third , to handle real world noise and outliers in measurements , we r ←
→ approximate inference via weighted rademacher complexity ; rademacher complexity is often used to characterize the learnability of a hypothesis class and is known to be related to the class size . we leverage this observation and introduce a new technique for estimating the size of an arbitrary weighted set , defined as the sum of weights of all elements in the set . our technique provides upper and lower bounds on a novel generalization of rademacher complexity to the weighted setting in terms of the weighted ←
→ popular ensemble methods : an empirical study ; an ensemble consists of a set of individually trained classifiers ( such as neural networks or decision trees ) whose predictions are combined when classifying novel instances . previous research has shown that an ensemble is often more accurate than any of the single classifiers in the ensemble . bagging ( breiman , 1996c ) and boosting ( freund and shapire , 1996 ; shapire , 1990 ) are two relatively new but popular methods for producing ensembles . in this paper we evalu ←
→ architectural considerations for conversational systems -- the verbmobil / intarc experience ; the paper describes the speech to speech translation system intarc , developed during the first phase of the verbmobil project . the general design goals of the intarc system architecture were time synchronous processing as well as incrementality and interactivity as a means to achieve a higher degree of robustness and scalability . interactivity means that in addition to the bottom - up ( in terms of processing levels )←
→ learning compact neural networks with regularization ; we study the impact of regularization for learning neural networks . our goal is speeding up training , improving generalization performance , and training compact models that are cost efficient . our results apply to weight - sharing ( e . g .~ convolutional ), sparsity ( i . e .~ pruning ), and low - rank constraints among others . we first introduce covering dimension of the constraint set and provide a rademacher complexity bound providing insights on generalization pro ←
→ bayesian nonparametric modeling of driver behavior using hdp split - merge sampling algorithm ; modern vehicles are equipped with increasingly complex sensors . these sensors generate large volumes of data that provide opportunities for modeling and analysis . here , we are interested in exploiting this data to learn aspects of behaviors and the road network associated with individual drivers . our dataset is collected on a standard vehicle used to commute to work and for personal trips . a hidden markov model (←
→ context and interference effects in the combinations of natural concepts ; the mathematical formalism of quantum theory exhibits significant effectiveness when applied to cognitive phenomena that have resisted traditional ( set theoretical ) modeling . relying on a decade of research on the operational foundations of micro - physical and conceptual entities , we present a theoretical framework for the representation of concepts and their conjunctions and disjunctions that uses the quantum formalism . this framewor ←
→ mining user / movie preferred features based on reviews for video recommendation system ; in this work , we present an approach for mining user preferences and recommendation based on reviews . there have been various studies worked on recommendation problem . however , most of the studies beyond one aspect user generated - content such as user ratings , user feedback and so on to state user preferences . there is a prob - lem in one aspect mining is lacking for stating user preferences . as a demonstration , in coll ←
→ a sparse graph - structured lasso mixed model for genetic association with confounding correction ; while linear mixed model ( lmm ) has shown a competitive performance in correcting spurious associations raised by population stratification , family structures , and cryptic relatedness , more challenges are still to be addressed regarding the complex structure of genotypic and phenotypic data . for example , geneticists have discovered that some clusters of phenotypes are more co - expressed than others . hence , a jo ←
→ learning mixtures of spherical gaussians : moment methods and spectral decompositions ; this work provides a computationally efficient and statistically consistent moment - based estimator for mixtures of spherical gaussians . under the condition that component means are in general position , a simple spectral decomposition technique yields consistent parameter estimates from low - order observable moments , without additional minimum separation assumptions needed by previous computationally efficient estimation ←
→ netvlad : cnn architecture for weakly supervised place recognition ; we tackle the problem of large scale visual place recognition , where the task is to quickly and accurately recognize the location of a given query photograph . we present the following three principal contributions . first , we develop a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture that is trainable in an end - to - end manner directly for the place recognition task . the main component of this architecture , netvlad , is a new generalized vlad la ←
→ credal networks under epistemic irrelevance ; a credal network under epistemic irrelevance is a generalised type of bayesian network that relaxes its two main building blocks . on the one hand , the local probabilities are allowed to be partially specified . on the other hand , the assessments of independence do not have to hold exactly . conceptually , these two features turn credal networks under epistemic irrelevance into a powerful alternative to bayesian networks , offering a more flexible approach to graph - b ←
→ automatic segmentation and overall survival prediction in gliomas using fully convolutional neural network and texture analysis ; in this paper , we use a fully convolutional neural network ( fcnn ) for the segmentation of gliomas from magnetic resonance images ( mri ). a fully automatic , voxel based classification was achieved by training a 23 layer deep fcnn on 2 - d slices extracted from patient volumes . the network was trained on slices extracted from 130 patients and validated on 50 patients . for the task o ←
→ inferring fitness in finite populations with moran - like dynamics ; biological fitness is not an observable quantity and must be inferred from population dynamics . bayesian inference applied to the moran process and variants yields a robust inference method that can infer fitness in populations evolving via a moran dynamic and generalizations . information about fitness is derived solely from birth - events in birth - death and death - birth processes in which selection acts proportionally to fitness , which allows ←
→ universal learning of repeated matrix games ; we study and compare the learning dynamics of two universal learning algorithms , one based on bayesian learning and the other on prediction with expert advice . both approaches have strong asymptotic performance guarantees . when confronted with the task of finding good long - term strategies in repeated 2x2 matrix games , they behave quite differently .←
→ learning to compare : relation network for few - shot learning ; we present a conceptually simple , flexible , and general framework for few - shot learning , where a classifier must learn to recognise new classes given only few examples from each . our method , called the relation network ( rn ), is trained end - to - end from scratch . during meta - learning , it learns to learn a deep distance metric to compare a small number of images within episodes , each of which is designed to simulate the few - shot setting . once trained ←
→ automatic construction of lightweight domain ontologies for chemical engineering risk management ; the need for domain ontologies in mission critical applications such as risk management and hazard identification is becoming more and more pressing . most research on ontology learning conducted in the academia remains unrealistic for real - world applications . one of the main problems is the dependence on non - incremental , rare knowledge and textual resources , and manually - crafted patterns and rules . this pape ←
→ multichannel variable - size convolution for sentence classification ; we propose mvcnn , a convolution neural network ( cnn ) architecture for sentence classification . it ( i ) combines diverse versions of pretrained word embeddings and ( ii ) extracts features of multigranular phrases with variable - size convolution filters . we also show that pretraining mvcnn is critical for good performance . mvcnn achieves state - of - the - art performance on four tasks : on small - scale binary , small - scale multi - class and largescale tw ←
→ flow - free video object segmentation ; segmenting foreground object from a video is a challenging task because of the large deformations of the objects , occlusions , and background clutter . in this paper , we propose a frame - by - frame but computationally efficient approach for video object segmentation by clustering visually similar generic object segments throughout the video . our algorithm segments various object instances appearing in the video and then perform clustering in order to group visually similar s ←
→ computing datalog rewritings beyond horn ontologies ; rewriting - based approaches for answering queries over an owl 2 dl ontology have so far been developed mainly for horn fragments of owl 2 dl . in this paper , we study the possibilities of answering queries over non - horn ontologies using datalog rewritings . we prove that this is impossible in general even for very simple ontology languages , and even if ptime = np . furthermore , we present a resolution - based procedure for $\ shi $ ontologies that , in case it te ←
→ loss is its own reward : self - supervision for reinforcement learning ; reinforcement learning optimizes policies for expected cumulative reward . need the supervision be so narrow ? reward is delayed and sparse for many tasks , making it a difficult and impoverished signal for end - to - end optimization . to augment reward , we consider a range of self - supervised tasks that incorporate states , actions , and successors to provide auxiliary losses . these losses offer ubiquitous and instantaneous supervision for represe ←
→ multiprocessor scheduling for tasks with priority using ga ; multiprocessors have emerged as a powerful computing means for running realtime applications , especially where a uniprocessor system would not be sufficient enough to execute all the tasks . the high performance and reliability of multiprocessors have made them a powerful computing resource . such computing environment requires an efficient algorithm to determine when and on which processor a given task should execute . in multiprocessor systems , an ←
→ a robust regression approach for background / foreground segmentation ; background / foreground segmentation has a lot of applications in image and video processing . in this paper , a segmentation algorithm is proposed which is mainly designed for text and line extraction in screen content . the proposed method makes use of the fact that the background in each block is usually smoothly varying and can be modeled well by a linear combination of a few smoothly varying basis functions , while the foreground text and ←
→ from phonology to syntax : unsupervised linguistic typology at different levels with language embeddings ; a core part of linguistic typology is the classification of languages according to linguistic properties , such as those detailed in the world atlas of language structure ( wals ). doing this manually is prohibitively time - consuming , which is in part evidenced by the fact that only 100 out of over 7 , 000 languages spoken in the world are fully covered in wals . we learn distributed language representatio ←
→ a geometric descriptor for cell - division detection ; we describe a method for cell - division detection based on a geometric - driven descriptor that can be represented as a 5 - layers processing network , based mainly on wavelet filtering and a test for mirror symmetry between pairs of pixels . after the centroids of the descriptors are computed for a sequence of frames , the two - steps piecewise constant function that best fits the sequence of centroids determines the frame where the division occurs .←
→ kernel principal component analysis and its applications in face recognition and active shape models ; principal component analysis ( pca ) is a popular tool for linear dimensionality reduction and feature extraction . kernel pca is the nonlinear form of pca , which better exploits the complicated spatial structure of high - dimensional features . in this paper , we first review the basic ideas of pca and kernel pca . then we focus on the reconstruction of pre - images for kernel pca . we also give an introduction on ←
→ unbiased bayesian inference for population markov jump processes via random truncations ; we consider continuous time markovian processes where populations of individual agents interact stochastically according to kinetic rules . despite the increasing prominence of such models in fields ranging from biology to smart cities , bayesian inference for such systems remains challenging , as these are continuous time , discrete state systems with potentially infinite state - space . here we propose a novel efficient a ←
→ mobile video object detection with temporally - aware feature maps ; this paper introduces an online model for object detection in videos designed to run in real - time on low - powered mobile and embedded devices . our approach combines fast single - image object detection with convolutional long short term memory ( lstm ) layers to create an interweaved recurrent - convolutional architecture . additionally , we propose an efficient bottleneck - lstm layer that significantly reduces computational cost compared to regular l ←
→ exploiting qualitative knowledge in the learning of conditional probabilities of bayesian networks ; algorithms for learning the conditional probabilities of bayesian networks with hidden variables typically operate within a high - dimensional search space and yield only locally optimal solutions . one way of limiting the search space and avoiding local optima is to impose qualitative constraints that are based on background knowledge concerning the domain . we present a method for integrating formal statemen ←
→ structured low - rank matrix factorization : global optimality , algorithms , and applications ; recently , convex formulations of low - rank matrix factorization problems have received considerable attention in machine learning . however , such formulations often require solving for a matrix of the size of the data matrix , making it challenging to apply them to large scale datasets . moreover , in many applications the data can display structures beyond simply being low - rank , e . g ., images and videos present complex ←
→ a detail based method for linear full reference image quality prediction ; in this paper , a novel full reference method is proposed for image quality assessment , using the combination of two separate metrics to measure the perceptually distinct impact of detail losses and of spurious details . to this purpose , the gradient of the impaired image is locally decomposed as a predicted version of the original gradient , plus a gradient residual . it is assumed that the detail attenuation identifies the detail loss ,←
→ learning normalized inputs for iterative estimation in medical image segmentation ; in this paper , we introduce a simple , yet powerful pipeline for medical image segmentation that combines fully convolutional networks ( fcns ) with fully convolutional residual networks ( fc - resnets ). we propose and examine a design that takes particular advantage of recent advances in the understanding of both convolutional neural networks as well as resnets . our approach focuses upon the importance of a trainable pre - proces ←
→ adversarial examples for semantic segmentation and object detection ; it has been well demonstrated that adversarial examples , i . e ., natural images with visually imperceptible perturbations added , generally exist for deep networks to fail on image classification . in this paper , we extend adversarial examples to semantic segmentation and object detection which are much more difficult . our observation is that both segmentation and detection are based on classifying multiple targets on an image ( e . g ., the basi ←
→ a non - parametric bayesian method for inferring hidden causes ; we present a non - parametric bayesian approach to structure learning with hidden causes . previous bayesian treatments of this problem define a prior over the number of hidden causes and use algorithms such as reversible jump markov chain monte carlo to move between solutions . in contrast , we assume that the number of hidden causes is unbounded , but only a finite number influence observable variables . this makes it possible to use a gibbs sampler ←
→ meta - learning within projective simulation ; learning models of artificial intelligence can nowadays perform very well on a large variety of tasks . however , in practice different task environments are best handled by different learning models , rather than a single , universal , approach . most non - trivial models thus require the adjustment of several to many learning parameters , which is often done on a case - by - case basis by an external party . meta - learning refers to the ability of an agent to autonomously and ←
→ predicting human interaction via relative attention model ; predicting human interaction is challenging as the on - going activity has to be inferred based on a partially observed video . essentially , a good algorithm should effectively model the mutual influence between the two interacting subjects . also , only a small region in the scene is discriminative for identifying the on - going interaction . in this work , we propose a relative attention model to explicitly address these difficulties . built on a tri - coupl ←
→ predictive coarse - graining ; we propose a data - driven , coarse - graining formulation in the context of equilibrium statistical mechanics . in contrast to existing techniques which are based on a fine - to - coarse map , we adopt the opposite strategy by prescribing a probabilistic coarse - to - fine map . this corresponds to a directed probabilistic model where the coarse variables play the role of latent generators of the fine scale ( all - atom ) data . from an information - theoretic perspective , the framework proposed prov ←
→ human action adverb recognition : adha dataset and a three - stream hybrid model ; we introduce the first benchmark for a new problem --- recognizing human action adverbs ( haa ): " adverbs describing human actions " ( adha ). this is the first step for computer vision to change over from pattern recognition to real ai . we demonstrate some key features of adha : a semantically complete set of adverbs describing human actions , a set of common , describable human actions , and an exhaustive labeling of simultaneously e ←
→ nonparametric ridge estimation ; we study the problem of estimating the ridges of a density function . ridge estimation is an extension of mode finding and is useful for understanding the structure of a density . it can also be used to find hidden structure in point cloud data . we show that , under mild regularity conditions , the ridges of the kernel density estimator consistently estimate the ridges of the true density . when the data are noisy measurements of a manifold , we show that the ridges are close and ←
→ a tight runtime analysis of the $( 1 +( λ , λ ))$ genetic algorithm on onemax ; understanding how crossover works is still one of the big challenges in evolutionary computation research , and making our understanding precise and proven by mathematical means might be an even bigger one . as one of few examples where crossover provably is useful , the $( 1 +(\ lambda , \ lambda ))$ genetic algorithm ( ga ) was proposed recently in [ doerr , doerr , ebel : tcs 2015 ]. using the fitness level method , the expected optimization tim ←
→ hypernyms under siege : linguistically - motivated artillery for hypernymy detection ; the fundamental role of hypernymy in nlp has motivated the development of many methods for the automatic identification of this relation , most of which rely on word distribution . we investigate an extensive number of such unsupervised measures , using several distributional semantic models that differ by context type and feature weighting . we analyze the performance of the different methods based on their linguistic motivat ←
→ automatic estimation of ice bottom surfaces from radar imagery ; ground - penetrating radar on planes and satellites now makes it practical to collect 3d observations of the subsurface structure of the polar ice sheets , providing crucial data for understanding and tracking global climate change . but converting these noisy readings into useful observations is generally done by hand , which is impractical at a continental scale . in this paper , we propose a computer vision - based technique for extracting 3d ice - bo ←
→ discriminative similarity for clustering and semi - supervised learning ; similarity - based clustering and semi - supervised learning methods separate the data into clusters or classes according to the pairwise similarity between the data , and the pairwise similarity is crucial for their performance . in this paper , we propose a novel discriminative similarity learning framework which learns discriminative similarity for either data clustering or semi - supervised learning . the proposed framework learns classifier ←
→ collaborative metric learning recommendation system : application to theatrical movie releases ; product recommendation systems are important for major movie studios during the movie greenlight process and as part of machine learning personalization pipelines . collaborative filtering ( cf ) models have proved to be effective at powering recommender systems for online streaming services with explicit customer feedback data . cf models do not perform well in scenarios in which feedback data is not available , in ←
→ local neighborhood intensity pattern : a new texture feature descriptor for image retrieval ; in this paper , a new texture descriptor based on the local neighborhood intensity difference is proposed for content based image retrieval ( cbir ). for computation of texture features like local binary pattern ( lbp ), the center pixel in a 3 * 3 window of an image is compared with all the remaining neighbors , one pixel at a time to generate a binary bit pattern . it ignores the effect of the adjacent neighbors of a par ←
→ multi - layer competitive - cooperative framework for performance enhancement of differential evolution ; differential evolution ( de ) is one of the most powerful optimizers in the evolutionary algorithm ( ea ) family . in recent years , many de variants have been proposed to enhance performance . however , when compared with each other , significant differences in performances are seldomly observed . to meet this challenge of a more significant improvement , this paper proposes a multi - layer competitive - cooperative ( m ←
→ a new point - set registration algorithm for fingerprint matching ; a novel minutia - based fingerprint matching algorithm is proposed that employs iterative global alignment on two minutia sets . the matcher considers all possible minutia pairings and iteratively aligns the two sets until the number of minutia pairs does not exceed the maximum number of allowable one - to - one pairings . the optimal alignment parameters are derived analytically via linear least squares . the first alignment establishes a region of o ←
→ a common xml - based framework for syntactic annotations ; it is widely recognized that the proliferation of annotation schemes runs counter to the need to re - use language resources , and that standards for linguistic annotation are becoming increasingly mandatory . to answer this need , we have developed a framework comprised of an abstract model for a variety of different annotation types ( e . g ., morpho - syntactic tagging , syntactic annotation , co - reference annotation , etc .), which can be instantiated in differe ←
→ active object localization with deep reinforcement learning ; we present an active detection model for localizing objects in scenes . the model is class - specific and allows an agent to focus attention on candidate regions for identifying the correct location of a target object . this agent learns to deform a bounding box using simple transformation actions , with the goal of determining the most specific location of target objects following top - down reasoning . the proposed localization agent is trained using d ←
→ measuring relations between concepts in conceptual spaces ; the highly influential framework of conceptual spaces provides a geometric way of representing knowledge . instances are represented by points in a high - dimensional space and concepts are represented by regions in this space . our recent mathematical formalization of this framework is capable of representing correlations between different domains in a geometric way . in this paper , we extend our formalization by providing quantitative mathematical def ←
→ the utility of clustering in prediction tasks ; we explore the utility of clustering in reducing error in various prediction tasks . previous work has hinted at the improvement in prediction accuracy attributed to clustering algorithms if used to pre - process the data . in this work we more deeply investigate the direct utility of using clustering to improve prediction accuracy and provide explanations for why this may be so . we look at a number of datasets , run k - means at different scales and for each scale w ←
→ neuroner : an easy - to - use program for named - entity recognition based on neural networks ; named - entity recognition ( ner ) aims at identifying entities of interest in a text . artificial neural networks ( anns ) have recently been shown to outperform existing ner systems . however , anns remain challenging to use for non - expert users . in this paper , we present neuroner , an easy - to - use named - entity recognition tool based on anns . users can annotate entities using a graphical web - based user interface ( brat ): the an ←
→ enhanced version of adaboostm1 with j48 tree learning method ; machine learning focuses on the construction and study of systems that can learn from data . this is connected with the classification problem , which usually is what machine learning algorithms are designed to solve . when a machine learning method is used by people with no special expertise in machine learning , it is important that the method be robust in classification , in the sense that reasonable performance is obtained with minimal tuning of ←
→ improving automated multiple sclerosis lesion segmentation with a cascaded 3d convolutional neural network approach ; in this paper , we present a novel automated method for white matter ( wm ) lesion segmentation of multiple sclerosis ( ms ) patient images . our approach is based on a cascade of two 3d patch - wise convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). the first network is trained to be more sensitive revealing possible candidate lesion voxels while the second network is trained to reduce the number of misclassif ←
→ an integrated system for 3d gaze recovery and semantic analysis of human attention ; this work describes a computer vision system that enables pervasive mapping and monitoring of human attention . the key contribution is that our methodology enables full 3d recovery of the gaze pointer , human view frustum and associated human centered measurements directly into an automatically computed 3d model in real - time . we apply rgb - d slam and descriptor matching methodologies for the 3d modeling , localization and fu ←
→ low - dose ct denoising with convolutional neural network ; to reduce the potential radiation risk , low - dose ct has attracted much attention . however , simply lowering the radiation dose will lead to significant deterioration of the image quality . in this paper , we propose a noise reduction method for low - dose ct via deep neural network without accessing original projection data . a deep convolutional neural network is trained to transform low - dose ct images towards normal - dose ct images , patch by patch . visual ←
→ cost effective approach on feature selection using genetic algorithms and fuzzy logic for diabetes diagnosis ; a way to enhance the performance of a model that combines genetic algorithms and fuzzy logic for feature selection and classification is proposed . early diagnosis of any disease with less cost is preferable . diabetes is one such disease . diabetes has become the fourth leading cause of death in developed countries and there is substantial evidence that it is reaching epidemic proportions in many d ←
→ an approach to temporal planning and scheduling in domains with predictable exogenous events ; the treatment of exogenous events in planning is practically important in many real - world domains where the preconditions of certain plan actions are affected by such events . in this paper we focus on planning in temporal domains with exogenous events that happen at known times , imposing the constraint that certain actions in the plan must be executed during some predefined time windows . when actions have durati ←
→ actionvlad : learning spatio - temporal aggregation for action classification ; in this work , we introduce a new video representation for action classification that aggregates local convolutional features across the entire spatio - temporal extent of the video . we do so by integrating state - of - the - art two - stream networks with learnable spatio - temporal feature aggregation . the resulting architecture is end - to - end trainable for whole - video classification . we investigate different strategies for pooling across sp ←
→ automatic dimension selection for a non - negative factorization approach to clustering multiple random graphs ; we consider a problem of grouping multiple graphs into several clusters using singular value thesholding and non - negative factorization . we derive a model selection information criterion to estimate the number of clusters . we demonstrate our approach using " swimmer data set " as well as simulated data set , and compare its performance with two standard clustering algorithms .←
→ co - occurrence feature learning for skeleton based action recognition using regularized deep lstm networks ; skeleton based action recognition distinguishes human actions using the trajectories of skeleton joints , which provide a very good representation for describing actions . considering that recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) with long short - term memory ( lstm ) can learn feature representations and model long - term temporal dependencies automatically , we propose an end - to - end fully connected deep lstm netwo ←
→ stroke sequence - dependent deep convolutional neural network for online handwritten chinese character recognition ; in this paper , we propose a novel model , named stroke sequence - dependent deep convolutional neural network ( ssdcnn ), using the stroke sequence information and eight - directional features for online handwritten chinese character recognition ( olhccr ). on one hand , ssdcnn can learn the representation of online handwritten chinese character ( olhcc ) by incorporating the natural sequence information ←
→ supervised learning of sparse context reconstruction coefficients for data representation and classification ; context of data points , which is usually defined as the other data points in a data set , has been found to play important roles in data representation and classification . in this paper , we study the problem of using context of a data point for its classification problem . our work is inspired by the observation that actually only very few data points are critical in the context of a data point for ←
→ parameter priors for directed acyclic graphical models and the characterization of several probability distributions ; we show that the only parameter prior for complete gaussian dag models that satisfies global parameter independence , complete model equivalence , and some weak regularity assumptions , is the normal - wishart distribution . our analysis is based on the following new characterization of the wishart distribution : let w be an n x n , n >= 3 , positive - definite symmetric matrix of random variables a ←
→ weighted bandits or : how bandits learn distorted values that are not expected ; motivated by models of human decision making proposed to explain commonly observed deviations from conventional expected value preferences , we formulate two stochastic multi - armed bandit problems with distorted probabilities on the cost distributions : the classic $ k $- armed bandit and the linearly parameterized bandit . in both settings , we propose algorithms that are inspired by upper confidence bound ( ucb ), incorporate cost di ←
→ encapsulating models and approximate inference programs in probabilistic modules ; this paper introduces the probabilistic module interface , which allows encapsulation of complex probabilistic models with latent variables alongside custom stochastic approximate inference machinery , and provides a platform - agnostic abstraction barrier separating the model internals from the host probabilistic inference system . the interface can be seen as a stochastic generalization of a standard simulation and density int ←
→ a computational algorithm based on empirical analysis , that composes sanskrit poetry ; poetry - writing in sanskrit is riddled with problems for even those who know the language well . this is so because the rules that govern sanskrit prosody are numerous and stringent . we propose a computational algorithm that converts prose given as e - text into poetry in accordance with the metrical rules of sanskrit prosody , simultaneously taking care to ensure that sandhi or euphonic conjunction , which is compulsory in v ←
→ a distributional perspective on reinforcement learning ; in this paper we argue for the fundamental importance of the value distribution : the distribution of the random return received by a reinforcement learning agent . this is in contrast to the common approach to reinforcement learning which models the expectation of this return , or value . although there is an established body of literature studying the value distribution , thus far it has always been used for a specific purpose such as implementing risk - a ←
→ searching for image information content , its discovery , extraction , and representation ; image information content is known to be a complicated and controvercial problem . this paper posits a new image information content definition . following the theory of solomonoff - kolmogorov - chaitin ' s complexity , we define image information content as a set of descriptions of imafe data structures . three levels of such description can be generally distinguished : 1 ) the global level , where the coarse structure of the ent ←
→ differentially private bayesian learning on distributed data ; many applications of machine learning , for example in health care , would benefit from methods that can guarantee privacy of data subjects . differential privacy ( dp ) has become established as a standard for protecting learning results . the standard dp algorithms require a single trusted party to have access to the entire data , which is a clear weakness . we consider dp bayesian learning in a distributed setting , where each party only holds a singl ←
→ content - based citation recommendation ; we present a content - based method for recommending citations in an academic paper draft . we embed a given query document into a vector space , then use its nearest neighbors as candidates , and rerank the candidates using a discriminative model trained to distinguish between observed and unobserved citations . unlike previous work , our method does not require metadata such as author names which can be missing , e . g ., during the peer review process . without using metadata ,←
→ discovery of non - gaussian linear causal models using ica ; in recent years , several methods have been proposed for the discovery of causal structure from non - experimental data ( spirtes et al . 2000 ; pearl 2000 ). such methods make various assumptions on the data generating process to facilitate its identification from purely observational data . continuing this line of research , we show how to discover the complete causal structure of continuous - valued data , under the assumptions that ( a ) the data generating p ←
→ an efficient algorithm for upper bound on the partition function of nucleic acids ; it has been shown that minimum free energy structure for rnas and rna - rna interaction is often incorrect due to inaccuracies in the energy parameters and inherent limitations of the energy model . in contrast , ensemble based quantities such as melting temperature and equilibrium concentrations can be more reliably predicted . even structure prediction by sampling from the ensemble and clustering those structures by sfold [ 7 ]←
→ learning action concept trees and semantic alignment networks from image - description data ; action classification in still images has been a popular research topic in computer vision . labelling large scale datasets for action classification requires tremendous manual work , which is hard to scale up . besides , the action categories in such datasets are pre - defined and vocabularies are fixed . however humans may describe the same action with different phrases , which leads to the difficulty of vocabulary expan ←
→ dissimilarity - based ensembles for multiple instance learning ; in multiple instance learning , objects are sets ( bags ) of feature vectors ( instances ) rather than individual feature vectors . in this paper we address the problem of how these bags can best be represented . two standard approaches are to use ( dis ) similarities between bags and prototype bags , or between bags and prototype instances . the first approach results in a relatively low - dimensional representation determined by the number of training bags ,←
→ learning to generate genotypes with neural networks ; neural networks and evolutionary computation have a rich intertwined history . they most commonly appear together when an evolutionary algorithm optimises the parameters and topology of a neural network for reinforcement learning problems , or when a neural network is applied as a surrogate fitness function to aid the evolutionary optimisation of expensive fitness functions . in this paper we take a different approach , asking the question of whether a neura ←
→ mesh - based 3d textured urban mapping ; in the era of autonomous driving , urban mapping represents a core step to let vehicles interact with the urban context . successful mapping algorithms have been proposed in the last decade building the map leveraging on data from a single sensor . the focus of the system presented in this paper is twofold : the joint estimation of a 3d map from lidar data and images , based on a 3d mesh , and its texturing . indeed , even if most surveying vehicles for mapping are endowed by ←
→ neutralized empirical risk minimization with generalization neutrality bound ; currently , machine learning plays an important role in the lives and individual activities of numerous people . accordingly , it has become necessary to design machine learning algorithms to ensure that discrimination , biased views , or unfair treatment do not result from decision making or predictions made via machine learning . in this work , we introduce a novel empirical risk minimization ( erm ) framework for supervised learning ,←
→ end - to - end learning of lda by mirror - descent back propagation over a deep architecture ; we develop a fully discriminative learning approach for supervised latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) model using back propagation ( i . e ., bp - slda ), which maximizes the posterior probability of the prediction variable given the input document . different from traditional variational learning or gibbs sampling approaches , the proposed learning method applies ( i ) the mirror descent algorithm for maximum a posterior inferen ←
→ counterfactual estimation and optimization of click metrics for search engines ; optimizing an interactive system against a predefined online metric is particularly challenging , when the metric is computed from user feedback such as clicks and payments . the key challenge is the counterfactual nature : in the case of web search , any change to a component of the search engine may result in a different search result page for the same query , but we normally cannot infer reliably from search log how users would ←
→ nonparametric divergence estimation with applications to machine learning on distributions ; low - dimensional embedding , manifold learning , clustering , classification , and anomaly detection are among the most important problems in machine learning . the existing methods usually consider the case when each instance has a fixed , finite - dimensional feature representation . here we consider a different setting . we assume that each instance corresponds to a continuous probability distribution . these distributions ←
→ distributed mapping with privacy and communication constraints : lightweight algorithms and object - based models ; we consider the following problem : a team of robots is deployed in an unknown environment and it has to collaboratively build a map of the area without a reliable infrastructure for communication . the backbone for modern mapping techniques is pose graph optimization , which estimates the trajectory of the robots , from which the map can be easily built . the first contribution of this paper is a s ←
→ iterative thresholded bi - histogram equalization for medical image enhancement ; enhancement of human vision to get an insight to information content is of vital importance . the traditional histogram equalization methods have been suffering from amplified contrast with the addition of artifacts and a surprising unnatural visibility of the processed images . in order to overcome these drawbacks , this paper proposes interative , mean , and multi - threshold selection criterion with plateau limits , which consist o ←
→ unknown words analysis in pos tagging of sinhala language ; part of speech ( pos ) is a very vital topic in natural language processing ( nlp ) task in any language , which involves analysing the construction of the language , behaviours and the dynamics of the language , the knowledge that could be utilized in computational linguistics analysis and automation applications . in this context , dealing with unknown words ( words do not appear in the lexicon referred as unknown words ) is also an important task , since gr ←
→ estimated vc dimension for risk bounds ; vapnik - chervonenkis ( vc ) dimension is a fundamental measure of the generalization capacity of learning algorithms . however , apart from a few special cases , it is hard or impossible to calculate analytically . vapnik et al . [ 10 ] proposed a technique for estimating the vc dimension empirically . while their approach behaves well in simulations , it could not be used to bound the generalization risk of classifiers , because there were no bounds for the estimation error of t ←
→ unsupervised object - level video summarization with online motion auto - encoder ; unsupervised video summarization plays an important role on digesting , browsing , and searching the ever - growing videos everyday . despite the great progress achieved by prior works ( e . g ., the frame - level video summarization ), the underlying fine - grained semantic and motion information ( i . e ., objects of interest and their key motions ) in online videos has been barely touched , which is more essential and beneficial for many down -←
→ evaluation of automatic video captioning using direct assessment ; we present direct assessment , a method for manually assessing the quality of automatically - generated captions for video . evaluating the accuracy of video captions is particularly difficult because for any given video clip there is no definitive ground truth or correct answer against which to measure . automatic metrics for comparing automatic video captions against a manual caption such as bleu and meteor , drawn from techniques used in evalua ←
→' indifference ' methods for managing agent rewards ; ` indifference ' refers to a class of methods that are used to control a reward based agent . these methods of control work even if the implications of the agent ' s reward are otherwise not fully understood . though they all come out of similar ideas , indifference techniques can be classified as way of achieving one or more of three distinct goals : rewards dependent on certain events ( with no motivation for the agent to manipulate the probability of those event ←
→ exploring metaphorical senses and word representations for identifying metonyms ; a metonym is a word with a figurative meaning , similar to a metaphor . because metonyms are closely related to metaphors , we apply features that are used successfully for metaphor recognition to the task of detecting metonyms . on the acl semeval 2007 task 8 data with gold standard metonym annotations , our system achieved 86 . 45 % accuracy on the location metonyms . our code can be found on github .←
→ phone - aware neural language identification ; pure acoustic neural models , particularly the lstm - rnn model , have shown great potential in language identification ( lid ). however , the phonetic information has been largely overlooked by most of existing neural lid models , although this information has been used in the conventional phonetic lid systems with a great success . we present a phone - aware neural lid architecture , which is a deep lstm - rnn lid system but accepts output from an rnn - based asr system . by ut ←
→ learning - based image enhancement for visual odometry in challenging hdr environments ; most approaches to stereo visual odometry reconstruct the motion based on the tracking of point features along a sequence of images . however , in low - textured scenes it is often difficult to encounter a large set of point features , or it may happen that they are not well distributed over the image , so that the behavior of these algorithms deteriorates . this paper proposes a probabilistic approach to stereo visual odometr ←
→ algebras of measurements : the logical structure of quantum mechanics ; in quantum physics , a measurement is represented by a projection on some closed subspace of a hilbert space . we study algebras of operators that abstract from the algebra of projections on closed subspaces of a hilbert space . the properties of such operators are justified on epistemological grounds . commutation of measurements is a central topic of interest . classical logical systems may be viewed as measurement algebras in which all mea ←
→ supervisory control of fuzzy discrete event systems : a formal approach ; fuzzy {\ it discrete event systems } ( dess ) were proposed recently by lin and ying [ 19 ], which may better cope with the real - world problems with fuzziness , impreciseness , and subjectivity such as those in biomedicine . as a continuation of [ 19 ], in this paper we further develop fuzzy dess by dealing with supervisory control of fuzzy dess . more specifically , ( i ) we reformulate the parallel composition of crisp dess , and then define the par ←
→ neural network modeling of data with gaps : method of principal curves , carleman ' s formula , and other ; a method of modeling data with gaps by a sequence of curves has been developed . the new method is a generalization of iterative construction of singular expansion of matrices with gaps . under discussion are three versions of the method featuring clear physical interpretation : linear - modeling the data by a sequence of linear manifolds of small dimension ; quasilinear - constructing " principal curves : ( or ←
→ statistical multiresolution estimation for variational imaging : with an application in poisson - biophotonics ; in this paper we present a spatially - adaptive method for image reconstruction that is based on the concept of statistical multiresolution estimation as introduced in [ frick k , marnitz p , and munk a . " statistical multiresolution dantzig estimation in imaging : fundamental concepts and algorithmic framework ". electron . j . stat ., 6 : 231 - 268 , 2012 ]. it constitutes a variational regularization technique ←
→ iteration complexity of randomized block - coordinate descent methods for minimizing a composite function ; in this paper we develop a randomized block - coordinate descent method for minimizing the sum of a smooth and a simple nonsmooth block - separable convex function and prove that it obtains an $\ epsilon $- accurate solution with probability at least $ 1 -\ rho $ in at most $ o (\ tfrac { n }{\ epsilon } \ log \ tfrac { 1 }{\ rho })$ iterations , where $ n $ is the number of blocks . for strongly convex functions the method conver ←
→ speeding - up graphical model optimization via a coarse - to - fine cascade of pruning classifiers ; we propose a general and versatile framework that significantly speeds - up graphical model optimization while maintaining an excellent solution accuracy . the proposed approach relies on a multi - scale pruning scheme that is able to progressively reduce the solution space by use of a novel strategy based on a coarse - to - fine cascade of learnt classifiers . we thoroughly experiment with classic computer vision related ←
→ numerically grounded language models for semantic error correction ; semantic error detection and correction is an important task for applications such as fact checking , speech - to - text or grammatical error correction . current approaches generally focus on relatively shallow semantics and do not account for numeric quantities . our approach uses language models grounded in numbers within the text . such groundings are easily achieved for recurrent neural language model architectures , which can be further condi ←
→ an experimental study of exhaustive solutions for the mastermind puzzle ; mastermind is in essence a search problem in which a string of symbols that is kept secret must be found by sequentially playing strings that use the same alphabet , and using the responses that indicate how close are those other strings to the secret one as hints . although it is commercialized as a game , it is a combinatorial problem of high complexity , with applications on fields that range from computer security to genomics . as such ←
→ common variable learning and invariant representation learning using siamese neural networks ; we consider the statistical problem of learning common source of variability in data which are synchronously captured by multiple sensors , and demonstrate that siamese neural networks can be naturally applied to this problem . this approach is useful in particular in exploratory , data - driven applications , where neither a model nor label information is available . in recent years , many researchers have successfully ←
→ the partition semantics of questions , syntactically ; groenendijk and stokhof ( 1984 , 1996 ; groenendijk 1999 ) provide a logically attractive theory of the semantics of natural language questions , commonly referred to as the partition theory . two central notions in this theory are entailment between questions and answerhood . for example , the question " who is going to the party ?" entails the question " is john going to the party ?", and " john is going to the party " counts as an answer to both . groenendijk and st ←
→ a survey of pansharpening methods with a new band - decoupled variational model ; most satellites decouple the acquisition of a panchromatic image at high spatial resolution from the acquisition of a multispectral image at lower spatial resolution . pansharpening is a fusion technique used to increase the spatial resolution of the multispectral data while simultaneously preserving its spectral information . in this paper , we consider pansharpening as an optimization problem minimizing a cost function with a n ←
→ sldr - dl : a framework for sld - resolution with deep learning ; this paper introduces an sld - resolution technique based on deep learning . this technique enables neural networks to learn from old and successful resolution processes and to use learnt experiences to guide new resolution processes . an implementation of this technique is named sldr - dl . it includes a prolog library of deep feedforward neural networks and some essential functions of resolution . in the sldr - dl framework , users can define logical rules ←
→ a wake - sleep algorithm for recurrent , spiking neural networks ; we investigate a recently proposed model for cortical computation which performs relational inference . it consists of several interconnected , structurally equivalent populations of leaky integrate - and - fire ( lif ) neurons , which are trained in a self - organized fashion with spike - timing dependent plasticity ( stdp ). despite its robust learning dynamics , the model is susceptible to a problem typical for recurrent networks which use a correlation bas ←
→ reinforcement learning for matrix computations : pagerank as an example ; reinforcement learning has gained wide popularity as a technique for simulation - driven approximate dynamic programming . a less known aspect is that the very reasons that make it effective in dynamic programming can also be leveraged for using it for distributed schemes for certain matrix computations involving non - negative matrices . in this spirit , we propose a reinforcement learning algorithm for pagerank computation that is fashioned ←
→ yara parser : a fast and accurate dependency parser ; dependency parsers are among the most crucial tools in natural language processing as they have many important applications in downstream tasks such as information retrieval , machine translation and knowledge acquisition . we introduce the yara parser , a fast and accurate open - source dependency parser based on the arc - eager algorithm and beam search . it achieves an unlabeled accuracy of 93 . 32 on the standard wsj test set which ranks it among the top depend ←
→ fine - grained pattern matching over streaming time series ; pattern matching of streaming time series with lower latency under limited computing resource comes to a critical problem , especially as the growth of industry 4 . 0 and industry internet of things . however , against traditional single pattern matching problem , a pattern may contain multiple segments representing different statistical properties or physical meanings for more precise and expressive matching in real world . hence , we formulate a new probl ←
→ incremental robot learning of new objects with fixed update time ; we consider object recognition in the context of lifelong learning , where a robotic agent learns to discriminate between a growing number of object classes as it accumulates experience about the environment . we propose an incremental variant of the regularized least squares for classification ( rlsc ) algorithm , and exploit its structure to seamlessly add new classes to the learned model . the presented algorithm addresses the problem of having ←
→ 2planning for contingencies : a decision - based approach ; a fundamental assumption made by classical ai planners is that there is no uncertainty in the world : the planner has full knowledge of the conditions under which the plan will be executed and the outcome of every action is fully predictable . these planners cannot therefore construct contingency plans , i . e ., plans in which different actions are performed in different circumstances . in this paper we discuss some issues that arise in the representation a ←
→ evaluation of coreference rules on complex narrative texts ; this article studies the problem of assessing relevance to each of the rules of a reference resolution system . the reference solver described here stems from a formal model of reference and is integrated in a reference processing workbench . evaluation of the reference resolution is essential , as it enables differential evaluation of individual rules . numerical values of these measures are given , and discussed , for simple selection rules and other ←
→ fast convergence for stochastic and distributed gradient descent in the interpolation limit ; modern supervised learning techniques , particularly those using so called deep nets , involve fitting high dimensional labelled data sets with functions containing very large numbers of parameters . much of this work is empirical , and interesting phenomena have been observed that require theoretical explanations , however the non - convexity of the loss functions complicates the analysis . recently it has been proposed ←
→ snapshot difference imaging using time - of - flight sensors ; computational photography encompasses a diversity of imaging techniques , but one of the core operations performed by many of them is to compute image differences . an intuitive approach to computing such differences is to capture several images sequentially and then process them jointly . usually , this approach leads to artifacts when recording dynamic scenes . in this paper , we introduce a snapshot difference imaging approach that is directly implemen ←
→ two - stage metric learning ; in this paper , we present a novel two - stage metric learning algorithm . we first map each learning instance to a probability distribution by computing its similarities to a set of fixed anchor points . then , we define the distance in the input data space as the fisher information distance on the associated statistical manifold . this induces in the input data space a new family of distance metric with unique properties . unlike kernelized metric learning , we do not require the simila ←
→ boost picking : a universal method on converting supervised classification to semi - supervised classification ; this paper proposes a universal method , boost picking , to train supervised classification models mainly by un - labeled data . boost picking only adopts two weak classifiers to estimate and correct the error . it is theoretically proved that boost picking could train a supervised model mainly by un - labeled data as effectively as the same model trained by 100 % labeled data , only if recalls of the two w ←
→ a high - level model of neocortical feedback based on an event window segmentation algorithm ; the author previously presented an event window segmentation ( ews ) algorithm [ 5 ] that uses purely statistical methods to learn to recognize recurring patterns in an input stream of events . in the following discussion , the ews algorithm is first extended to make predictions about future events . next , this extended algorithm is used to construct a high - level , simplified model of a neocortical hierarchy . an event str ←
→ deep semi - random features for nonlinear function approximation ; we propose semi - random features for nonlinear function approximation . the flexibility of semi - random feature lies between the fully adjustable units in deep learning and the random features used in kernel methods . for one hidden layer models with semi - random features , we prove with no unrealistic assumptions that the model classes contain an arbitrarily good function as the width increases ( universality ), and despite non - convexity , we can find ←
→ a complete parameterized complexity analysis of bounded planning ; the propositional planning problem is a notoriously difficult computational problem , which remains hard even under strong syntactical and structural restrictions . given its difficulty it becomes natural to study planning in the context of parameterized complexity . in this paper we continue the work initiated by downey , fellows and stege on the parameterized complexity of planning with respect to the parameter " length of the solution plan ." w ←
→ dropping convexity for faster semi - definite optimization ; we study the minimization of a convex function $ f ( x )$ over the set of $ n \ times n $ positive semi - definite matrices , but when the problem is recast as $\ min_u g ( u ) := f ( uu ^\ top )$, with $ u \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ n \ times r }$ and $ r \ leq n $. we study the performance of gradient descent on $ g $--- which we refer to as factored gradient descent ( fgd )--- under standard assumptions on the original function $ f $. we provide a rule for selecting the step size and , wit ←
→ representation of uncertainty for limit processes ; many mathematical models utilize limit processes . continuous functions and the calculus , differential equations and topology , all are based on limits and continuity . however , when we perform measurements and computations , we can achieve only approximate results . in some cases , this discrepancy between theoretical schemes and practical actions changes drastically outcomes of a research and decision - making resulting in uncertainty of knowledge . in the paper ,←
→ the transfer of evolved artificial immune system behaviours between small and large scale robotic platforms ; this paper demonstrates that a set of behaviours evolved in simulation on a miniature robot ( epuck ) can be transferred to a much larger scale platform ( a virtual pioneer p3 - dx ) that also differs in shape , sensor type , sensor configuration and programming interface . the chosen architecture uses a reinforcement learning - assisted genetic algorithm to evolve the epuck behaviours , which are encoded as ←
→ learning fully convolutional networks for iterative non - blind deconvolution ; in this paper , we propose a fully convolutional networks for iterative non - blind deconvolution we decompose the non - blind deconvolution problem into image denoising and image deconvolution . we train a fcnn to remove noises in the gradient domain and use the learned gradients to guide the image deconvolution step . in contrast to the existing deep neural network based methods , we iteratively deconvolve the blurred images in a mult ←
→ how emotional mechanism helps episodic learning in a cognitive agent ; in this paper we propose the cts ( concious tutoring system ) technology , a biologically plausible cognitive agent based on human brain functions . this agent is capable of learning and remembering events and any related information such as corresponding procedures , stimuli and their emotional valences . our proposed episodic memory and episodic learning mechanism are closer to the current multiple - trace theory in neuroscience , because they a ←
→ non - line - of - sight tracking of people at long range ; a remote - sensing system that can determine the position of hidden objects has applications in many critical real - life scenarios , such as search and rescue missions and safe autonomous driving . previous work has shown the ability to range and image objects hidden from the direct line of sight , employing advanced optical imaging technologies aimed at small objects at short range . in this work we demonstrate a long - range tracking system based on single laser ←
→ one - shot imitation from observing humans via domain - adaptive meta - learning ; humans and animals are capable of learning a new behavior by observing others perform the skill just once . we consider the problem of allowing a robot to do the same -- learning from a raw video pixels of a human , even when there is substantial domain shift in the perspective , environment , and embodiment between the robot and the observed human . prior approaches to this problem have hand - specified how human and robot actions corr ←
→ unsupervised representation learning with laplacian pyramid auto - encoders ; scale - space representation has been popular in computer vision community due to its theoretical foundation . the motivation for generating a scale - space representation of a given data set originates from the basic observation that real - world objects are composed of different structures at different scales . hence , it ' s reasonable to consider learning features with image pyramids generated by smoothing and down - sampling operations . i ←
→ from task classification towards similarity measures for recommendation in crowdsourcing systems ; task selection in micro - task markets can be supported by recommender systems to help individuals to find appropriate tasks . previous work showed that for the selection process of a micro - task the semantic aspects , such as the required action and the comprehensibility , are rated more important than factual aspects , such as the payment or the required completion time . this work gives a foundation to create suc ←
→ improving sampling from generative autoencoders with markov chains ; we focus on generative autoencoders , such as variational or adversarial autoencoders , which jointly learn a generative model alongside an inference model . generative autoencoders are those which are trained to softly enforce a prior on the latent distribution learned by the inference model . we call the distribution to which the inference model maps observed samples , the learned latent distribution , which may not be consistent with the prio ←
→ bayesian model selection methods for mutual and symmetric $ k $- nearest neighbor classification ; the $ k $- nearest neighbor classification method ($ k $- nnc ) is one of the simplest nonparametric classification methods . the mutual $ k $- nn classification method ( m $ k $ nnc ) is a variant of $ k $- nnc based on mutual neighborship . we propose another variant of $ k $- nnc , the symmetric $ k $- nn classification method ( s $ k $ nnc ) based on both mutual neighborship and one - sided neighborship . the performance of m $ k $ nnc and s $ k $ nnc ←
→ on data - independent properties for density - based dissimilarity measures in hybrid clustering ; hybrid clustering combines partitional and hierarchical clustering for computational effectiveness and versatility in cluster shape . in such clustering , a dissimilarity measure plays a crucial role in the hierarchical merging . the dissimilarity measure has great impact on the final clustering , and data - independent properties are needed to choose the right dissimilarity measure for the problem at hand . properties ←
→ enumeration of extractive oracle summaries ; to analyze the limitations and the future directions of the extractive summarization paradigm , this paper proposes an integer linear programming ( ilp ) formulation to obtain extractive oracle summaries in terms of rouge - n . we also propose an algorithm that enumerates all of the oracle summaries for a set of reference summaries to exploit f - measures that evaluate which system summaries contain how many sentences that are extracted as an oracle summary . our experime ←
→ safetynet : detecting and rejecting adversarial examples robustly ; we describe a method to produce a network where current methods such as deepfool have great difficulty producing adversarial samples . our construction suggests some insights into how deep networks work . we provide a reasonable analyses that our construction is difficult to defeat , and show experimentally that our method is hard to defeat with both type i and type ii attacks using several standard networks and datasets . this safetynet archite ←
→ searching for bayesian network structures in the space of restricted acyclic partially directed graphs ; although many algorithms have been designed to construct bayesian network structures using different approaches and principles , they all employ only two methods : those based on independence criteria , and those based on a scoring function and a search procedure ( although some methods combine the two ). within the score + search paradigm , the dominant approach uses local search methods in the space of direc ←
→ remote sensing image classification exploiting multiple kernel learning ; we propose a strategy for land use classification which exploits multiple kernel learning ( mkl ) to automatically determine a suitable combination of a set of features without requiring any heuristic knowledge about the classification task . we present a novel procedure that allows mkl to achieve good performance in the case of small training sets . experimental results on publicly available datasets demonstrate the feasibility of the pr ←
→ question - answer selection in user to user marketplace conversations ; sellers in user to user marketplaces can be inundated with questions from potential buyers . answers are often already available in the product description . we collected a dataset of around 590k such questions and answers from conversations in an online marketplace . we propose a question answering system that selects a sentence from the product description using a neural - network ranking model . we explore multiple encoding strategies , with ←
→ sequential lifted bayesian filtering in multiset rewriting systems ; bayesian filtering for plan and activity recognition is challenging for scenarios that contain many observation equivalent entities ( i . e . entities that produce the same observations ). this is due to the combinatorial explosion in the number of hypotheses that need to be tracked . however , this class of problems exhibits a certain symmetry that can be exploited for state space representation and inference . we analyze current state of the art ←
→ information , learning and falsification ; there are ( at least ) three approaches to quantifying information . the first , algorithmic information or kolmogorov complexity , takes events as strings and , given a universal turing machine , quantifies the information content of a string as the length of the shortest program producing it . the second , shannon information , takes events as belonging to ensembles and quantifies the information resulting from observing the given event in terms of the number of alternate e ←
→ using contexts and constraints for improved geotagging of human trafficking webpages ; extracting geographical tags from webpages is a well - motivated application in many domains . in illicit domains with unusual language models , like human trafficking , extracting geotags with both high precision and recall is a challenging problem . in this paper , we describe a geotag extraction framework in which context , constraints and the openly available geonames knowledge base work in tandem in an integer linear progr ←
→ a readability analysis of campaign speeches from the 2016 us presidential campaign ; readability is defined as the reading level of the speech from grade 1 to grade 12 . it results from the use of the reap readability analysis ( vocabulary - collins - thompson and callan , 2004 ; syntax - heilman et al , 2006 , 2007 ), which use the lexical contents and grammatical structure of the sentences in a document to predict the reading level . after analysis , results were grouped into the average readability of each candid ←
→ intracluster moves for constrained discrete - space mcmc ; this paper addresses the problem of sampling from binary distributions with constraints . in particular , it proposes an mcmc method to draw samples from a distribution of the set of all states at a specified distance from some reference state . for example , when the reference state is the vector of zeros , the algorithm can draw samples from a binary distribution with a constraint on the number of active variables , say the number of 1 ' s . we motivate the ←
→ manifold regularized deep neural networks using adversarial examples ; learning meaningful representations using deep neural networks involves designing efficient training schemes and well - structured networks . currently , the method of stochastic gradient descent that has a momentum with dropout is one of the most popular training protocols . based on that , more advanced methods ( i . e ., maxout and batch normalization ) have been proposed in recent years , but most still suffer from performance degradation caused ←
→ seven : deep semi - supervised verification networks ; verification determines whether two samples belong to the same class or not , and has important applications such as face and fingerprint verification , where thousands or millions of categories are present but each category has scarce labeled examples , presenting two major challenges for existing deep learning models . we propose a deep semi - supervised model named semi - supervised verification network ( seven ) to address these challenges . the model consists of ←
→ representing and reasoning with probabilistic knowledge : a bayesian approach ; pagoda ( probabilistic autonomous goal - directed agent ) is a model for autonomous learning in probabilistic domains [ desjardins , 1992 ] that incorporates innovative techniques for using the agent ' s existing knowledge to guide and constrain the learning process and for representing , reasoning with , and learning probabilistic knowledge . this paper describes the probabilistic representation and inference mechanism used in pagoda . pag ←
→ a review of homomorphic encryption and software tools for encrypted statistical machine learning ; recent advances in cryptography promise to enable secure statistical computation on encrypted data , whereby a limited set of operations can be carried out without the need to first decrypt . we review these homomorphic encryption schemes in a manner accessible to statisticians and machine learners , focusing on pertinent limitations inherent in the current state of the art . these limitations restrict the kind ←
→ evidence updating for stream - processing in big - data : robust conditioning in soft and hard fusion environments ; robust belief revision methods are crucial in streaming data situations for updating existing knowledge or beliefs with new incoming evidence . bayes conditioning is the primary mechanism in use for belief revision in data fusion systems that use probabilistic inference . however , traditional conditioning methods face several challenges due to inherent data / source imperfections in big - data environ ←
→ shortcut - stacked sentence encoders for multi - domain inference ; we present a simple sequential sentence encoder for multi - domain natural language inference . our encoder is based on stacked bidirectional lstm - rnns with shortcut connections and fine - tuning of word embeddings . the overall supervised model uses the above encoder to encode two input sentences into two vectors , and then uses a classifier over the vector combination to label the relationship between these two sentences as that of entailment , contr ←
→ yet another efficient unification algorithm ; the unification algorithm is at the core of the logic programming paradigm , the first unification algorithm being developed by robinson [ 5 ]. more efficient algorithms were developed later [ 3 ] and i introduce here yet another efficient unification algorithm centered on a specific data structure , called the unification table .←
→ cubic range error model for stereo vision with illuminators ; use of low - cost depth sensors , such as a stereo camera setup with illuminators , is of particular interest for numerous applications ranging from robotics and transportation to mixed and augmented reality . the ability to quantify noise is crucial for these applications , e . g ., when the sensor is used for map generation or to develop a sensor scheduling policy in a multi - sensor setup . range error models provide uncertainty estimates and help weigh t ←
→ riddle : race and ethnicity imputation from disease history with deep learning ; anonymized electronic medical records are an increasingly popular source of research data . however , these datasets often lack race and ethnicity information . this creates problems for researchers modeling human disease , as race and ethnicity are powerful confounders for many health exposures and treatment outcomes ; race and ethnicity are closely linked to population - specific genetic variation . we showed that deep neural networ ←
→ a faster method for tracking and scoring videos corresponding to sentences ; prior work presented the sentence tracker , a method for scoring how well a sentence describes a video clip or alternatively how well a video clip depicts a sentence . we present an improved method for optimizing the same cost function employed by this prior work , reducing the space complexity from exponential in the sentence length to polynomial , as well as producing a qualitatively identical result in time polynomial in the sente ←
→ texture and color - based image retrieval using the local extrema features and riemannian distance ; a novel efficient method for content - based image retrieval ( cbir ) is developed in this paper using both texture and color features . our motivation is to represent and characterize an input image by a set of local descriptors extracted at characteristic points ( i . e . keypoints ) within the image . then , dissimilarity measure between images is calculated based on the geometric distance between the topological fea ←
→ constrained bayesian optimization for automatic chemical design ; automatic chemical design leverages recent advances in deep generative modelling to provide a framework for performing continuous optimization of molecular properties . although the provision of a continuous representation for prospective lead drug candidates has opened the door to hitherto inaccessible tools of mathematical optimization , some challenges remain for the design process . one known pathology is the model ' s tendency to decode inval ←
→ multi - path convolutional neural networks for complex image classification ; convolutional neural networks demonstrate high performance on imagenet large - scale visual recognition challenges contest . nevertheless , the published results only show the overall performance for all image classes . there is no further analysis why certain images get worse results and how they could be improved . in this paper , we provide deep performance analysis based on different types of images and point out the weaknesses of co ←
→ propositional abduction with implicit hitting sets ; logic - based abduction finds important applications in artificial intelligence and related areas . one application example is in finding explanations for observed phenomena . propositional abduction is a restriction of abduction to the propositional domain , and complexity - wise is in the second level of the polynomial hierarchy . recent work has shown that exploiting implicit hitting sets and propositional satisfiability ( sat ) solvers provides an efficient app ←
→ a closer look at spatiotemporal convolutions for action recognition ; in this paper we discuss several forms of spatiotemporal convolutions for video analysis and study their effects on action recognition . our motivation stems from the observation that 2d cnns applied to individual frames of the video have remained solid performers in action recognition . in this work we empirically demonstrate the accuracy advantages of 3d cnns over 2d cnns within the framework of residual learning . furthermore , we show tha ←
→ robust nonnegative matrix factorization via $ l_1 $ norm regularization ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is a widely used technique in many applications such as face recognition , motion segmentation , etc . it approximates the nonnegative data in an original high dimensional space with a linear representation in a low dimensional space by using the product of two nonnegative matrices . in many applications data are often partially corrupted with large additive noise . when the positions of noise are known ←
→ attention transfer from web images for video recognition ; training deep learning based video classifiers for action recognition requires a large amount of labeled videos . the labeling process is labor - intensive and time - consuming . on the other hand , large amount of weakly - labeled images are uploaded to the internet by users everyday . to harness the rich and highly diverse set of web images , a scalable approach is to crawl these images to train deep learning based classifier , such as convolutional neural ne ←
→ towards data - driven autonomics in data centers ; continued reliance on human operators for managing data centers is a major impediment for them from ever reaching extreme dimensions . large computer systems in general , and data centers in particular , will ultimately be managed using predictive computational and executable models obtained through data - science tools , and at that point , the intervention of humans will be limited to setting high - level goals and policies rather than performing low - level operation ←
→ fixed effects testing in high - dimensional linear mixed models ; many scientific and engineering challenges -- ranging from pharmacokinetic drug dosage allocation and personalized medicine to marketing mix ( 4ps ) recommendations -- require an understanding of the unobserved heterogeneity in order to develop the best decision making - processes . in this paper , we develop a hypothesis test and the corresponding p - value for testing for the significance of the homogeneous structure in linear mixed models . a robust ←
→ correlation clustering with noisy partial information ; in this paper , we propose and study a semi - random model for the correlation clustering problem on arbitrary graphs g . we give two approximation algorithms for correlation clustering instances from this model . the first algorithm finds a solution of value $( 1 + \ delta ) optcost + o_ {\ delta }( n \ log ^ 3 n )$ with high probability , where $ optcost $ is the value of the optimal solution ( for every $\ delta > 0 $). the second algorithm finds the ground truth clusterin ←
→ collecting coupons with random initial stake ; motivated by a problem in the theory of randomized search heuristics , we give a very precise analysis for the coupon collector problem where the collector starts with a random set of coupons ( chosen uniformly from all sets ). we show that the expected number of rounds until we have a coupon of each type is $ nh_ { n / 2 } - 1 / 2 \ pm o ( 1 )$, where $ h_ { n / 2 }$ denotes the $( n / 2 )$ th harmonic number when $ n $ is even , and $ h_ { n / 2 }:= ( 1 / 2 ) h_ {\ lfloor n / 2 \ rfloor } + ( 1 / 2 ) h_ {\←
→ when waiting is not an option : learning options with a deliberation cost ; recent work has shown that temporally extended actions ( options ) can be learned fully end - to - end as opposed to being specified in advance . while the problem of " how " to learn options is increasingly well understood , the question of " what " good options should be has remained elusive . we formulate our answer to what " good " options should be in the bounded rationality framework ( simon , 1957 ) through the notion of deliberation cost . w ←
→ generative scatternet hybrid deep learning ( g - shdl ) network with structural priors for semantic image segmentation ; this paper proposes a generative scatternet hybrid deep learning ( g - shdl ) network for semantic image segmentation . the proposed generative architecture is able to train rapidly from relatively small labeled datasets using the introduced structural priors . in addition , the number of filters in each layer of the architecture is optimized resulting in a computationally efficient architecture . ←
→ training deep neural networks via direct loss minimization ; supervised training of deep neural nets typically relies on minimizing cross - entropy . however , in many domains , we are interested in performing well on metrics specific to the application . in this paper we propose a direct loss minimization approach to train deep neural networks , which provably minimizes the application - specific loss function . this is often non - trivial , since these functions are neither smooth nor decomposable and thus are not ame ←
→ automatic identification of altlexes using monolingual parallel corpora ; the automatic identification of discourse relations is still a challenging task in natural language processing . discourse connectives , such as " since " or " but ", are the most informative cues to identify explicit relations ; however discourse parsers typically use a closed inventory of such connectives . as a result , discourse relations signaled by markers outside these inventories ( i . e . altlexes ) are not detected as effectively . in this ←
→ mobility map computations for autonomous navigation using an rgbd sensor ; in recent years , the numbers of life - size humanoids as well as their mobile capabilities have steadily grown . stable walking motion and control for humanoid robots are active fields of research . in this scenario an open question is how to model and analyse the scene so that a motion planning algorithm can generate an appropriate walking pattern . this paper presents the current work towards scene modelling and understanding , using an ←
→ bounded recursive self - improvement ; we have designed a machine that becomes increasingly better at behaving in underspecified circumstances , in a goal - directed way , on the job , by modeling itself and its environment as experience accumulates . based on principles of autocatalysis , endogeny , and reflectivity , the work provides an architectural blueprint for constructing systems with high levels of operational autonomy in underspecified circumstances , starting from a small seed . through value - driven dynamic p ←
→ nonparametric bayesian topic modelling with the hierarchical pitman - yor processes ; the dirichlet process and its extension , the pitman - yor process , are stochastic processes that take probability distributions as a parameter . these processes can be stacked up to form a hierarchical nonparametric bayesian model . in this article , we present efficient methods for the use of these processes in this hierarchical context , and apply them to latent variable models for text analytics . in particular , we propose a g ←
→ inferring narrative causality between event pairs in films ; to understand narrative , humans draw inferences about the underlying relations between narrative events . cognitive theories of narrative understanding define these inferences as four different types of causality , that include pairs of events a , b where a physically causes b ( x drop , x break ), to pairs of events where a causes emotional state b ( y saw x , y felt fear ). previous work on learning narrative relations from text has either focused on " st ←
→ multimodal fusion via a series of transfers for noise removal ; near - infrared imaging has been considered as a solution to provide high quality photographs in dim lighting conditions . this imaging system captures two types of multimodal images : one is near - infrared gray image ( ngi ) and the other is the visible color image ( vci ). ngi is noise - free but it is grayscale , whereas the vci has colors but it contains noise . moreover , there exist serious edge and brightness discrepancies between ngi and vci . to deal ←
→ goal - driven query answering for existential rules with equality ; inspired by the magic sets for datalog , we present a novel goal - driven approach for answering queries over terminating existential rules with equality ( aka tgds and egds ). our technique improves the performance of query answering by pruning the consequences that are not relevant for the query . this is challenging in our setting because equalities can potentially affect all predicates in a dataset . we address this problem by combining the exis ←
→ solving rubik ' s cube using sat solvers ; rubik ' s cube is an easily - understood puzzle , which is originally called the " magic cube ". it is a well - known planning problem , which has been studied for a long time . yet many simple properties remain unknown . this paper studies whether modern sat solvers are applicable to this puzzle . to our best knowledge , we are the first to translate rubik ' s cube to a sat problem . to reduce the number of variables and clauses needed for the encoding , we replace a naive approach o ←
→ the dependence of machine learning on electronic medical record quality ; there is growing interest in applying machine learning methods to electronic medical records ( emr ). across different institutions , however , emr quality can vary widely . this work investigated the impact of this disparity on the performance of three advanced machine learning algorithms : logistic regression , multilayer perceptron , and recurrent neural network . the emr disparity was emulated using different permutations of the emr collec ←
→ from stochastic mixability to fast rates ; empirical risk minimization ( erm ) is a fundamental learning rule for statistical learning problems where the data is generated according to some unknown distribution $\ mathsf { p }$ and returns a hypothesis $ f $ chosen from a fixed class $\ mathcal { f }$ with small loss $\ ell $. in the parametric setting , depending upon $(\ ell , \ mathcal { f },\ mathsf { p })$ erm can have slow $( 1 /\ sqrt { n })$ or fast $( 1 / n )$ rates of convergence of the excess risk as a function of the sample size ←
→ beyond holistic object recognition : enriching image understanding with part states ; important high - level vision tasks such as human - object interaction , image captioning and robotic manipulation require rich semantic descriptions of objects at part level . based upon previous work on part localization , in this paper , we address the problem of inferring rich semantics imparted by an object part in still images . we propose to tokenize the semantic space as a discrete set of part states . our modeling of part ←
→ meta - learning for phonemic annotation of corpora ; we apply rule induction , classifier combination and meta - learning ( stacked classifiers ) to the problem of bootstrapping high accuracy automatic annotation of corpora with pronunciation information . the task we address in this paper consists of generating phonemic representations reflecting the flemish and dutch pronunciations of a word on the basis of its orthographic representation ( which in turn is based on the actual speech recordings ). we compare severa ←
→ learning halfspaces and neural networks with random initialization ; we study non - convex empirical risk minimization for learning halfspaces and neural networks . for loss functions that are $ l $- lipschitz continuous , we present algorithms to learn halfspaces and multi - layer neural networks that achieve arbitrarily small excess risk $\ epsilon > 0 $. the time complexity is polynomial in the input dimension $ d $ and the sample size $ n $, but exponential in the quantity $( l /\ epsilon ^ 2 )\ log ( l /\ epsilon )$. these algorit ←
→ conformant planning as a case study of incremental qbf solving ; we consider planning with uncertainty in the initial state as a case study of incremental quantified boolean formula ( qbf ) solving . we report on experiments with a workflow to incrementally encode a planning instance into a sequence of qbfs . to solve this sequence of incrementally constructed qbfs , we use our general - purpose incremental qbf solver depqbf . since the generated qbfs have many clauses and variables in common , our approach avoids r ←
→ detecting off - topic responses to visual prompts ; automated methods for essay scoring have made great progress in recent years , achieving accuracies very close to human annotators . however , a known weakness of such automated scorers is not taking into account the semantic relevance of the submitted text . while there is existing work on detecting answer relevance given a textual prompt , very little previous research has been done to incorporate visual writing prompts . we propose a neural architecture and sev ←
→ semidefinite and spectral relaxations for multi - label classification ; in this paper , we address the problem of multi - label classification . we consider linear classifiers and propose to learn a prior over the space of labels to directly leverage the performance of such methods . this prior takes the form of a quadratic function of the labels and permits to encode both attractive and repulsive relations between labels . we cast this problem as a structured prediction one aiming at optimizing either the accurac ←
→ consistent selection of tuning parameters via variable selection stability ; penalized regression models are popularly used in high - dimensional data analysis to conduct variable selection and model fitting simultaneously . whereas success has been widely reported in literature , their performances largely depend on the tuning parameters that balance the trade - off between model fitting and model sparsity . existing tuning criteria mainly follow the route of minimizing the estimated prediction error or maximiz ←
→ active contour models for manifold valued image segmentation ; image segmentation is the process of partitioning a image into different regions or groups based on some characteristics like color , texture , motion or shape etc . active contours is a popular variational method for object segmentation in images , in which the user initializes a contour which evolves in order to optimize an objective function designed such that the desired object boundary is the optimal solution . recently , imaging modalities that ←
→ a continuum among logarithmic , linear , and exponential functions , and its potential to improve generalization in neural networks ; we present the soft exponential activation function for artificial neural networks that continuously interpolates between logarithmic , linear , and exponential functions . this activation function is simple , differentiable , and parameterized so that it can be trained as the rest of the network is trained . we hypothesize that soft exponential has the potential to improve neural n ←
→ resting state fmri functional connectivity - based classification using a convolutional neural network architecture ; machine learning techniques have become increasingly popular in the field of resting state fmri ( functional magnetic resonance imaging ) network based classification . however , the application of convolutional networks has been proposed only very recently and has remained largely unexplored . in this paper we describe a convolutional neural network architecture for functional connectome classif ←
→ aggregating strategies for long - term forecasting ; the article is devoted to investigating the application of aggregating algorithms to the problem of the long - term forecasting . we examine the classic aggregating algorithms based on the exponential reweighing . for the general vovk ' s aggregating algorithm we provide its generalization for the long - term forecasting . for the special basic case of vovk ' s algorithm we provide its two modifications for the long - term forecasting . the first one is theoretically clo ←
→ restoring stm images via sparse coding : noise and artifact removal ; in this article , we present a denoising algorithm to improve the interpretation and quality of scanning tunneling microscopy ( stm ) images . given the high level of self - similarity of stm images , we propose a denoising algorithm by reformulating the true estimation problem as a sparse regression , often termed sparse coding . we introduce modifications to the algorithm to cope with the existence of artifacts , mainly dropouts , which appear in a ←
→ estimating fire weather indices via semantic reasoning over wireless sensor network data streams ; wildfires are frequent , devastating events in australia that regularly cause significant loss of life and widespread property damage . fire weather indices are a widely - adopted method for measuring fire danger and they play a significant role in issuing bushfire warnings and in anticipating demand for bushfire management resources . existing systems that calculate fire weather indices are limited due to low sp ←
→ a weakly supervised learning approach based on spectral graph - theoretic grouping ; in this study , a spectral graph - theoretic grouping strategy for weakly supervised classification is introduced , where a limited number of labelled samples and a larger set of unlabelled samples are used to construct a larger annotated training set composed of strongly labelled and weakly labelled samples . the inherent relationship between the set of strongly labelled samples and the set of unlabelled samples is established ←
→ language as a matrix product state ; we propose a statistical model for natural language that begins by considering language as a monoid , then representing it in complex matrices with a compatible translation invariant probability measure . we interpret the probability measure as arising via the born rule from a translation invariant matrix product state .←
→ globally optimal joint image segmentation and shape matching based on wasserstein modes ; a functional for joint variational object segmentation and shape matching is developed . the formulation is based on optimal transport w . r . t . geometric distance and local feature similarity . geometric invariance and modelling of object - typical statistical variations is achieved by introducing degrees of freedom that describe transformations and deformations of the shape template . the shape model is mathematically equi ←
→ task selection for bandit - based task assignment in heterogeneous crowdsourcing ; task selection ( picking an appropriate labeling task ) and worker selection ( assigning the labeling task to a suitable worker ) are two major challenges in task assignment for crowdsourcing . recently , worker selection has been successfully addressed by the bandit - based task assignment ( bbta ) method , while task selection has not been thoroughly investigated yet . in this paper , we experimentally compare several task selection str ←
→ fast and accurate sentiment classification using an enhanced naive bayes model ; we have explored different methods of improving the accuracy of a naive bayes classifier for sentiment analysis . we observed that a combination of methods like negation handling , word n - grams and feature selection by mutual information results in a significant improvement in accuracy . this implies that a highly accurate and fast sentiment classifier can be built using a simple naive bayes model that has linear training and te ←
→ generate image descriptions based on deep rnn and memory cells for images features ; generating natural language descriptions for images is a challenging task . the traditional way is to use the convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to extract image features , followed by recurrent neural network ( rnn ) to generate sentences . in this paper , we present a new model that added memory cells to gate the feeding of image features to the deep neural network . the intuition is enabling our model to memorize how much inf ←
→ a simple lstm model for transition - based dependency parsing ; we present a simple lstm - based transition - based dependency parser . our model is composed of a single lstm hidden layer replacing the hidden layer in the usual feed - forward network architecture . we also propose a new initialization method that uses the pre - trained weights from a feed - forward neural network to initialize our lstm - based model . we also show that using dropout on the input layer has a positive effect on performance . our final parser a ←
→ a deep architecture for semantic matching with multiple positional sentence representations ; matching natural language sentences is central for many applications such as information retrieval and question answering . existing deep models rely on a single sentence representation or multiple granularity representations for matching . however , such methods cannot well capture the contextualized local information in the matching process . to tackle this problem , we present a new deep architecture to match two s ←
→ t - recs : training for rate - invariant embeddings by controlling speed for action recognition ; an action should remain identifiable when modifying its speed : consider the contrast between an expert chef and a novice chef each chopping an onion . here , we expect the novice chef to have a relatively measured and slow approach to chopping when compared to the expert . in general , the speed at which actions are performed , whether slower or faster than average , should not dictate how they are recognized . we explor ←
→ bayesian nonexhaustive learning for online discovery and modeling of emerging classes ; we present a framework for online inference in the presence of a nonexhaustively defined set of classes that incorporates supervised classification with class discovery and modeling . a dirichlet process prior ( dpp ) model defined over class distributions ensures that both known and unknown class distributions originate according to a common base distribution . in an attempt to automatically discover potentially interesti ←
→ dota : a large - scale dataset for object detection in aerial images ; object detection is an important and challenging problem in computer vision . although the past decade has witnessed major advances in object detection in natural scenes , such successes have been slow to aerial imagery , not only because of the huge variation in the scale , orientation and shape of the object instances on the earth ' s surface , but also due to the scarcity of well - annotated datasets of objects in aerial scenes . to advance object ←
→ practical collapsed stochastic variational inference for the hdp ; recent advances have made it feasible to apply the stochastic variational paradigm to a collapsed representation of latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ). while the stochastic variational paradigm has successfully been applied to an uncollapsed representation of the hierarchical dirichlet process ( hdp ), no attempts to apply this type of inference in a collapsed setting of non - parametric topic modeling have been put forward so far . in this paper ←
→ data augmentation of railway images for track inspection ; regular maintenance of all the assets is pivotal for proper functioning of railway . manual maintenance can be very cumbersome and leave room for errors . track anomalies like vegetation overgrowth , sun kinks affect the track construct and result in unequal load transfer , imbalanced lateral forces on tracks which causes further deterioration of tracks and can ultimately result in derailment of locomotive . hence there is a need to continuously monitor ←
→ interpretable recurrent neural networks using sequential sparse recovery ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are powerful and effective for processing sequential data . however , rnns are usually considered " black box " models whose internal structure and learned parameters are not interpretable . in this paper , we propose an interpretable rnn based on the sequential iterative soft - thresholding algorithm ( sista ) for solving the sequential sparse recovery problem , which models a sequence of correlated observation ←
→ undecidability of the lambek calculus with a relevant modality ; morrill and valentin in the paper " computational coverage of tlg : nonlinearity " considered an extension of the lambek calculus enriched by a so - called " exponential " modality . this modality behaves in the " relevant " style , that is , it allows contraction and permutation , but not weakening . morrill and valentin stated an open problem whether this system is decidable . here we show its undecidability . our result remains valid if we consider the fra ←
→ the little engine that could : regularization by denoising ( red ) ; removal of noise from an image is an extensively studied problem in image processing . indeed , the recent advent of sophisticated and highly effective denoising algorithms lead some to believe that existing methods are touching the ceiling in terms of noise removal performance . can we leverage this impressive achievement to treat other tasks in image processing ? recent work has answered this question positively , in the form of the plug - and - pla ←
→ a linear belief function approach to portfolio evaluation ; by elaborating on the notion of linear belief functions ( dempster 1990 ; liu 1996 ), we propose an elementary approach to knowledge representation for expert systems using linear belief functions . we show how to use basic matrices to represent market information and financial knowledge , including complete ignorance , statistical observations , subjective speculations , distributional assumptions , linear relations , and empirical asset pricing models . we ←
→ end - to - end training for whole image breast cancer diagnosis using an all convolutional design ; we develop an end - to - end training algorithm for whole - image breast cancer diagnosis based on mammograms . it requires lesion annotations only at the first stage of training . after that , a whole image classifier can be trained using only image level labels . this greatly reduced the reliance on lesion annotations . our approach is implemented using an all convolutional design that is simple yet provides superior pe ←
→ random feature maps for dot product kernels ; approximating non - linear kernels using feature maps has gained a lot of interest in recent years due to applications in reducing training and testing times of svm classifiers and other kernel based learning algorithms . we extend this line of work and present low distortion embeddings for dot product kernels into linear euclidean spaces . we base our results on a classical result in harmonic analysis characterizing all dot product kernels and use it to define rand ←
→ improved techniques for training gans ; we present a variety of new architectural features and training procedures that we apply to the generative adversarial networks ( gans ) framework . we focus on two applications of gans : semi - supervised learning , and the generation of images that humans find visually realistic . unlike most work on generative models , our primary goal is not to train a model that assigns high likelihood to test data , nor do we require the model to be able to learn well without using any la ←
→ active learning with statistical models ; for many types of machine learning algorithms , one can compute the statistically ` optimal ' way to select training data . in this paper , we review how optimal data selection techniques have been used with feedforward neural networks . we then show how the same principles may be used to select data for two alternative , statistically - based learning architectures : mixtures of gaussians and locally weighted regression . while the techniques for neural networks are computati ←
→ decision making " biases " and support for assumption - based higher - order reasoning ; unaided human decision making appears to systematically violate consistency constraints imposed by normative theories ; these biases in turn appear to justify the application of formal decision - analytic models . it is argued that both claims are wrong . in particular , we will argue that the " confirmation bias " is premised on an overly narrow view of how conflicting evidence is and ought to be handled . effective decision aiding ←
→ distributed fault detection in sensor networks using a recurrent neural network ; in long - term deployments of sensor networks , monitoring the quality of gathered data is a critical issue . over the time of deployment , sensors are exposed to harsh conditions , causing some of them to fail or to deliver less accurate data . if such a degradation remains undetected , the usefulness of a sensor network can be greatly reduced . we present an approach that learns spatio - temporal correlations between different sensor ←
→ global convergence of unmodified 3 - block admm for a class of convex minimization problems ; the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) has been successfully applied to solve structured convex optimization problems due to its superior practical performance . the convergence properties of the 2 - block admm have been studied extensively in the literature . specifically , it has been proven that the 2 - block admm globally converges for any penalty parameter $\ gamma > 0 $. in this sense , the 2 - block admm a ←
→ learning the past tense of english verbs : the symbolic pattern associator vs . connectionist models ; learning the past tense of english verbs - a seemingly minor aspect of language acquisition - has generated heated debates since 1986 , and has become a landmark task for testing the adequacy of cognitive modeling . several artificial neural networks ( anns ) have been implemented , and a challenge for better symbolic models has been posed . in this paper , we present a general - purpose symbolic pattern associator ←
→ an algorithmic framework for computing validation performance bounds by using suboptimal models ; practical model building processes are often time - consuming because many different models must be trained and validated . in this paper , we introduce a novel algorithm that can be used for computing the lower and the upper bounds of model validation errors without actually training the model itself . a key idea behind our algorithm is using a side information available from a suboptimal model . if a reasonably g ←
→ kernel topic models ; latent dirichlet allocation models discrete data as a mixture of discrete distributions , using dirichlet beliefs over the mixture weights . we study a variation of this concept , in which the documents ' mixture weight beliefs are replaced with squashed gaussian distributions . this allows documents to be associated with elements of a hilbert space , admitting kernel topic models ( ktm ), modelling temporal , spatial , hierarchical , social and other structure between documents . the main challen ←
→ online learning to rank in stochastic click models ; online learning to rank is a core problem in information retrieval and machine learning . many provably efficient algorithms have been recently proposed for this problem in specific click models . the click model is a model of how the user interacts with a list of documents . though these results are significant , their impact on practice is limited , because all proposed algorithms are designed for specific click models and lack convergence guarantees in othe ←
→ distance metric learning for aspect phrase grouping ; aspect phrase grouping is an important task in aspect - level sentiment analysis . it is a challenging problem due to polysemy and context dependency . we propose an attention - based deep distance metric learning ( addml ) method , by considering aspect phrase representation as well as context representation . first , leveraging the characteristics of the review text , we automatically generate aspect phrase sample pairs for distant supervision . second , we feed wor ←
→ possibilistic fuzzy local information c - means for sonar image segmentation ; side - look synthetic aperture sonar ( sas ) can produce very high quality images of the sea - floor . when viewing this imagery , a human observer can often easily identify various sea - floor textures such as sand ripple , hard - packed sand , sea grass and rock . in this paper , we present the possibilistic fuzzy local information c - means ( pflicm ) approach to segment sas imagery into sea - floor regions that exhibit these various natural textur ←
→ human activity learning using object affordances from rgb - d videos ; human activities comprise several sub - activities performed in a sequence and involve interactions with various objects . this makes reasoning about the object affordances a central task for activity recognition . in this work , we consider the problem of jointly labeling the object affordances and human activities from rgb - d videos . we frame the problem as a markov random field where the nodes represent objects and sub - activities , and the edg ←
→ the planning - ahead smo algorithm ; the sequential minimal optimization ( smo ) algorithm and variants thereof are the de facto standard method for solving large quadratic programs for support vector machine ( svm ) training . in this paper we propose a simple yet powerful modification . the main emphasis is on an algorithm improving the smo step size by planning - ahead . the theoretical analysis ensures its convergence to the optimum . experiments involving a large number of datasets were carried out to demonstrate ←
→ price updating in combinatorial prediction markets with bayesian networks ; to overcome the # p - hardness of computing / updating prices in logarithm market scoring rule - based ( lmsr - based ) combinatorial prediction markets , chen et al . [ 5 ] recently used a simple bayesian network to represent the prices of securities in combinatorial predictionmarkets for tournaments , and showed that two types of popular securities are structure preserving . in this paper , we significantly extend this idea by employing bayesian ←
→ just an update on pming distance for web - based semantic similarity in artificial intelligence and data mining ; one of the main problems that emerges in the classic approach to semantics is the difficulty in acquisition and maintenance of ontologies and semantic annotations . on the other hand , the internet explosion and the massive diffusion of mobile smart devices lead to the creation of a worldwide system , which information is daily checked and fueled by the contribution of millions of users who interac ←
→ learning compact recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), including long short - term memory ( lstm ) rnns , have produced state - of - the - art results on a variety of speech recognition tasks . however , these models are often too large in size for deployment on mobile devices with memory and latency constraints . in this work , we study mechanisms for learning compact rnns and lstms via low - rank factorizations and parameter sharing schemes . our goal is to investigate redundancies in recurrent arch ←
→ pdnet : semantic segmentation integrated with a primal - dual network for document binarization ; binarization of digital documents is the task of classifying each pixel in an image of the document as belonging to the background ( parchment / paper ) or foreground ( text / ink ). historical documents are often subject to degradations , that make the task challenging . in the current work a deep neural network architecture is proposed that combines a fully convolutional network with an unrolled primal - dual network that ←
→ sa - iga : a multiagent reinforcement learning method towards socially optimal outcomes ; in multiagent environments , the capability of learning is important for an agent to behave appropriately in face of unknown opponents and dynamic environment . from the system designer ' s perspective , it is desirable if the agents can learn to coordinate towards socially optimal outcomes , while also avoiding being exploited by selfish opponents . to this end , we propose a novel gradient ascent based algorithm ( sa - iga ) whic ←
→ human vs . computer go : review and prospect ; the google deepmind challenge match in march 2016 was a historic achievement for computer go development . this article discusses the development of computational intelligence ( ci ) and its relative strength in comparison with human intelligence for the game of go . we first summarize the milestones achieved for computer go from 1998 to 2016 . then , the computer go programs that have participated in previous ieee cis competitions as well as methods and techniques use ←
→ direct visual odometry using bit - planes ; feature descriptors , such as sift and orb , are well - known for their robustness to illumination changes , which has made them popular for feature - based vslam \@. however , in degraded imaging conditions such as low light , low texture , blur and specular reflections , feature extraction is often unreliable . in contrast , direct vslam methods which estimate the camera pose by minimizing the photometric error using raw pixel intensities are often more robust to low textured e ←
→ deep learning for source camera identification on mobile devices ; in the present paper , we propose a source camera identification method for mobile devices based on deep learning . recently , convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have shown a remarkable performance on several tasks such as image recognition , video analysis or natural language processing . a cnn consists on a set of layers where each layer is composed by a set of high pass filters which are applied all over the input image . this convolution pro ←
→ contextual data collection for smart cities ; as part of smart cities initiatives , national , regional and local governments all over the globe are under the mandate of being more open regarding how they share their data . under this mandate , many of these governments are publishing data under the umbrella of open government data , which includes measurement data from city - wide sensor networks . furthermore , many of these data are published in so - called data portals as documents that may be spreadsheets , comma -←
→ fingerprint : dwt , svd based enhancement and significant contrast for ridges and valleys using fuzzy measures ; the performance of the fingerprint recognition system will be more accurate with respect of enhancement for the fingerprint images . in this paper we develop a novel method for fingerprint image contrast enhancement technique based on the discrete wavelet transform ( dwt ) and singular value decomposition ( svd ) has been proposed . this technique is compared with conventional image equalization techni ←
→ efficient bias - span - constrained exploration - exploitation in reinforcement learning ; we introduce scal , an algorithm designed to perform efficient exploration - exploitation in any unknown weakly - communicating markov decision process ( mdp ) for which an upper bound c on the span of the optimal bias function is known . for an mdp with s states , a actions and gamma <= s possible next states , we prove a regret bound of o ( c \ sqrt { gamma sat }), which significantly improves over existing algorithms ( e . g ., ucrl and ps ←
→ man and machine : questions of risk , trust and accountability in today ' s ai technology ; artificial intelligence began as a field probing some of the most fundamental questions of science - the nature of intelligence and the design of intelligent artifacts . but it has grown into a discipline that is deeply entwined with commerce and society . today ' s ai technology , such as expert systems and intelligent assistants , pose some difficult questions of risk , trust and accountability . in this paper , we present th ←
→ abduction and dialogical proof in argumentation and logic programming ; we develop a model of abduction in abstract argumentation , where changes to an argumentation framework act as hypotheses to explain the support of an observation . we present dialogical proof theories for the main decision problems ( i . e ., finding hypothe - ses that explain skeptical / credulous support ) and we show that our model can be instantiated on the basis of abductive logic programs .←
→ faster and better : a machine learning approach to corner detection ; the repeatability and efficiency of a corner detector determines how likely it is to be useful in a real - world application . the repeatability is importand because the same scene viewed from different positions should yield features which correspond to the same real - world 3d locations [ schmid et al 2000 ]. the efficiency is important because this determines whether the detector combined with further processing can operate at frame rate . th ←
→ tracking typological traits of uralic languages in distributed language representations ; although linguistic typology has a long history , computational approaches have only recently gained popularity . the use of distributed representations in computational linguistics has also become increasingly popular . a recent development is to learn distributed representations of language , such that typologically similar languages are spatially close to one another . although empirical successes have been shown for s ←
→ two - manifold problems with applications to nonlinear system identification ; recently , there has been much interest in spectral approaches to learning manifolds --- so - called kernel eigenmap methods . these methods have had some successes , but their applicability is limited because they are not robust to noise . to address this limitation , we look at two - manifold problems , in which we simultaneously reconstruct two related manifolds , each representing a different view of the same data . by solving these interc ←
→ credibility adjusted term frequency : a supervised term weighting scheme for sentiment analysis and text classification ; we provide a simple but novel supervised weighting scheme for adjusting term frequency in tf - idf for sentiment analysis and text classification . we compare our method to baseline weighting schemes and find that it outperforms them on multiple benchmarks . the method is robust and works well on both snippets and longer documents .←
→ a comparison between memetic algorithm and genetic algorithm for the cryptanalysis of simplified data encryption standard algorithm ; genetic algorithms are a population - based meta heuristics . they have been successfully applied to many optimization problems . however , premature convergence is an inherent characteristic of such classical genetic algorithms that makes them incapable of searching numerous solutions of the problem domain . a memetic algorithm is an extension of the traditional genetic algorith ←
→ towards predicting first daily departure times : a gaussian modeling approach for load shift forecasting ; this work provides two statistical gaussian forecasting methods for predicting first daily departure times ( fddts ) of everyday use electric vehicles . this is important in smart grid applications to understand disconnection times of such mobile storage units , for instance to forecast storage of non dispatchable loads ( e . g . wind and solar power ). we provide a review of the relevant state - of - the - art driv ←
→ simple to complex cross - modal learning to rank ; the heterogeneity - gap between different modalities brings a significant challenge to multimedia information retrieval . some studies formalize the cross - modal retrieval tasks as a ranking problem and learn a shared multi - modal embedding space to measure the cross - modality similarity . however , previous methods often establish the shared embedding space based on linear mapping functions which might not be sophisticated enough to reveal more complicated inter - mod ←
→ competing with stationary prediction strategies ; in this paper we introduce the class of stationary prediction strategies and construct a prediction algorithm that asymptotically performs as well as the best continuous stationary strategy . we make mild compactness assumptions but no stochastic assumptions about the environment . in particular , no assumption of stationarity is made about the environment , and the stationarity of the considered strategies only means that they do not depend explicitly on time ; ←
→ a swarm optimization algorithm inspired in the behavior of the social - spider ; swarm intelligence is a research field that models the collective behavior in swarms of insects or animals . several algorithms arising from such models have been proposed to solve a wide range of complex optimization problems . in this paper , a novel swarm algorithm called the social spider optimization ( sso ) is proposed for solving optimization tasks . the sso algorithm is based on the simulation of cooperative behavior of socia ←
→ can computers overcome humans ? consciousness interaction and its implications ; can computers overcome human capabilities ? this is a paradoxical and controversial question , particularly because there are many hidden assumptions . this article focuses on that issue putting on evidence some misconception related with future generations of machines and the understanding of the brain . it will be discussed to what extent computers might reach human capabilities , and how it could be possible only if the computer ←
→ a novel approach to artistic textual visualization via gan ; while the visualization of statistical data tends to a mature technology , the visualization of textual data is still in its infancy , especially for the artistic text . due to the fact that visualization of artistic text is valuable and attractive in both art and information science , we attempt to realize this tentative idea in this article . we propose the generative adversarial network based artistic textual visualization ( gan - atv ) which can create ←
→ direct - manipulation visualization of deep networks ; the recent successes of deep learning have led to a wave of interest from non - experts . gaining an understanding of this technology , however , is difficult . while the theory is important , it is also helpful for novices to develop an intuitive feel for the effect of different hyperparameters and structural variations . we describe tensorflow playground , an interactive , open sourced visualization that allows users to experiment via direct manipulation rather t ←
→ random multi - constraint projection : stochastic gradient methods for convex optimization with many constraints ; consider convex optimization problems subject to a large number of constraints . we focus on stochastic problems in which the objective takes the form of expected values and the feasible set is the intersection of a large number of convex sets . we propose a class of algorithms that perform both stochastic gradient descent and random feasibility updates simultaneously . at every iteration , the algo ←
→ a large annotated corpus for learning natural language inference ; understanding entailment and contradiction is fundamental to understanding natural language , and inference about entailment and contradiction is a valuable testing ground for the development of semantic representations . however , machine learning research in this area has been dramatically limited by the lack of large - scale resources . to address this , we introduce the stanford natural language inference corpus , a new , freely available collect ←
→ designing various component analysis at will ; this paper provides a generic framework of component analysis ( ca ) methods introducing a new expression for scatter matrices and gram matrices , called generalized pairwise expression ( gpe ). this expression is quite compact but highly powerful : the framework includes not only ( 1 ) the standard ca methods but also ( 2 ) several regularization techniques , ( 3 ) weighted extensions , ( 4 ) some clustering methods , and ( 5 ) their semi - supervised extensions . this paper also p ←
→ fast incremental method for nonconvex optimization ; we analyze a fast incremental aggregated gradient method for optimizing nonconvex problems of the form $\ min_x \ sum_i f_i ( x )$. specifically , we analyze the saga algorithm within an incremental first - order oracle framework , and show that it converges to a stationary point provably faster than both gradient descent and stochastic gradient descent . we also discuss a polyak ' s special class of nonconvex problems for which saga converges at a linear rate to the ←
→ using deep learning to reveal the neural code for images in primary visual cortex ; primary visual cortex ( v1 ) is the first stage of cortical image processing , and a major effort in systems neuroscience is devoted to understanding how it encodes information about visual stimuli . within v1 , many neurons respond selectively to edges of a given preferred orientation : these are known as simple or complex cells , and they are well - studied . other neurons respond to localized center - surround image features . still ←
→ fast exact inference for recursive cardinality models ; cardinality potentials are a generally useful class of high order potential that affect probabilities based on how many of d binary variables are active . maximum a posteriori ( map ) inference for cardinality potential models is well - understood , with efficient computations taking o ( dlogd ) time . yet efficient marginalization and sampling have not been addressed as thoroughly in the machine learning community . we show that there exists a simple algorithm f ←
→ predicting litigation likelihood and time to litigation for patents ; patent lawsuits are costly and time - consuming . an ability to forecast a patent litigation and time to litigation allows companies to better allocate budget and time in managing their patent portfolios . we develop predictive models for estimating the likelihood of litigation for patents and the expected time to litigation based on both textual and non - textual features . our work focuses on improving the state - of - the - art by relying on a diff ←
→ studying collective human decision making and creativity with evolutionary computation ; we report a summary of our interdisciplinary research project " evolutionary perspective on collective decision making " that was conducted through close collaboration between computational , organizational and social scientists at binghamton university . we redefined collective human decision making and creativity as evolution of ecologies of ideas , where populations of ideas evolve via continual applications of evolutio ←
→ machine learning at scale ; it takes skill to build a meaningful predictive model even with the abundance of implementations of modern machine learning algorithms and readily available computing resources . building a model becomes challenging if hundreds of terabytes of data need to be processed to produce the training data set . in a digital advertising technology setting , we are faced with the need to build thousands of such models that predict user behavior and power advertising campaigns in a 24 / 7 chaoti ←
→ a novel visual word co - occurrence model for person re - identification ; person re - identification aims to maintain the identity of an individual in diverse locations through different non - overlapping camera views . the problem is fundamentally challenging due to appearance variations resulting from differing poses , illumination and configurations of camera views . to deal with these difficulties , we propose a novel visual word co - occurrence model . we first map each pixel of an image to a visual word using a cod ←
→ top - k multiclass svm ; class ambiguity is typical in image classification problems with a large number of classes . when classes are difficult to discriminate , it makes sense to allow k guesses and evaluate classifiers based on the top - k error instead of the standard zero - one loss . we propose top - k multiclass svm as a direct method to optimize for top - k performance . our generalization of the well - known multiclass svm is based on a tight convex upper bound of the top - k error . we propose a fast optimization sc ←
→ a discontinuous neural network for non - negative sparse approximation ; this paper investigates a discontinuous neural network which is used as a model of the mammalian olfactory system and can more generally be applied to solve non - negative sparse approximation problems . by inherently limiting the systems integrators to having non - negative outputs , the system function becomes discontinuous since the integrators switch between being inactive and being active . it is shown that the presented network converges ←
→ budget - constrained multi - armed bandits with multiple plays ; we study the multi - armed bandit problem with multiple plays and a budget constraint for both the stochastic and the adversarial setting . at each round , exactly $ k $ out of $ n $ possible arms have to be played ( with $ 1 \ leq k \ leq n $). in addition to observing the individual rewards for each arm played , the player also learns a vector of costs which has to be covered with an a - priori defined budget $ b $. the game ends when the sum of current costs asso ←
→ machine learned learning machines ; there are two common approaches for optimizing the performance of a machine : genetic algorithms and machine learning . a genetic algorithm is applied over many generations whereas machine learning works by applying feedback until the system meets a performance threshold . though these are methods that typically operate separately , we combine evolutionary adaptation and machine learning into one approach . our focus is on machines that can learn during their lifetime , but ins ←
→ extracting urban impervious surface from gf - 1 imagery using one - class classifiers ; impervious surface area is a direct consequence of the urbanization , which also plays an important role in urban planning and environmental management . with the rapidly technical development of remote sensing , monitoring urban impervious surface via high spatial resolution ( hsr ) images has attracted unprecedented attention recently . traditional multi - classes models are inefficient for impervious surface extraction because ←
→ social trust prediction via max - norm constrained 1 - bit matrix completion ; social trust prediction addresses the significant problem of exploring interactions among users in social networks . naturally , this problem can be formulated in the matrix completion framework , with each entry indicating the trustness or distrustness . however , there are two challenges for the social trust problem : 1 ) the observed data are with sign ( 1 - bit ) measurements ; 2 ) they are typically sampled non - uniformly . most of the previou ←
→ low - resource bilingual lexicon extraction using graph based word embeddings ; in this work we focus on the task of automatically extracting bilingual lexicon for the language pair spanish - nahuatl . this is a low - resource setting where only a small amount of parallel corpus is available . most of the downstream methods do not work well under low - resources conditions . this is specially true for the approaches that use vectorial representations like word2vec . our proposal is to construct bilingual word vectors ←
→ ambiguous language and differences in beliefs ; standard models of multi - agent modal logic do not capture the fact that information is often ambiguous , and may be interpreted in different ways by different agents . we propose a framework that can model this , and consider different semantics that capture different assumptions about the agents ' beliefs regarding whether or not there is ambiguity . we consider the impact of ambiguity on a seminal result in economics : aumann ' s result saying that agents with a com ←
→ attributed network embedding for learning in a dynamic environment ; network embedding leverages the node proximity manifested to learn a low - dimensional node vector representation . the learned embeddings could advance various learning tasks such as node classification , network clustering , and link prediction . most , if not all , of the existing work , is overwhelmingly performed in the context of plain and static networks . nonetheless , in reality , network structure often evolves over time with addition / deleti ←
→ partial matching face recognition method for rehabilitation nursing robots beds ; in order to establish face recognition system in rehabilitation nursing robots beds and achieve real - time monitor the patient on the bed . we propose a face recognition method based on partial matching hu moments which apply for rehabilitation nursing robots beds . firstly we using haar classifier to detect human faces automatically in dynamic video frames . secondly we using otsu threshold method to extract facial features ( ey ←
→ dsod : learning deeply supervised object detectors from scratch ; we present deeply supervised object detector ( dsod ), a framework that can learn object detectors from scratch . state - of - the - art object objectors rely heavily on the off - the - shelf networks pre - trained on large - scale classification datasets like imagenet , which incurs learning bias due to the difference on both the loss functions and the category distributions between classification and detection tasks . model fine - tuning for the detection task c ←
→ distributed computation as hierarchy ; this paper presents a new distributed computational model of distributed systems called the phase web that extends v . pratt ' s orthocurrence relation from 1986 . the model uses mutual - exclusion to express sequence , and a new kind of hierarchy to replace event sequences , posets , and pomsets . the model explicitly connects computation to a discrete clifford algebra that is in turn extended into homology and co - homology , wherein the recursive nature of objects and boundaries ←
→ automatic ecg beat arrhythmia detection ; background : in recent years automated data analysis techniques have drawn great attention and are used in almost every field of research including biomedical . artificial neural networks ( anns ) are one of the computer - aided - diagnosis tools which are used extensively by advances in computer hardware technology . the application of these techniques for disease diagnosis has made great progress and is widely used by physicians . an electrocardiogram carries vital inform ←
→ saliency detection by forward and backward cues in deep - cnns ; as prior knowledge of objects or object features helps us make relations for similar objects on attentional tasks , pre - trained deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) can be used to detect salient objects on images regardless of the object class is in the network knowledge or not . in this paper , we propose a top - down saliency model using cnn , a weakly supervised cnn model trained for 1000 object labelling task from rgb images . the model detect ←
→ natural language processing - a survey ; the utility and power of natural language processing ( nlp ) seems destined to change our technological society in profound and fundamental ways . however there are , to date , few accessible descriptions of the science of nlp that have been written for a popular audience , or even for an audience of intelligent , but uninitiated scientists . this paper aims to provide just such an overview . in short , the objective of this article is to describe the purpose , procedures and p ←
→ balotage in argentina 2015 , a sentiment analysis of tweets ; twitter social network contains a large amount of information generated by its users . that information is composed of opinions and comments that may reflect trends in social behavior . there is talk of trend when it is possible to identify opinions and comments geared towards the same shared by a lot of people direction . to determine if two or more written opinions share the same address , techniques natural language processing ( nlp ) are used . this ←
→ blind compressive sensing framework for collaborative filtering ; existing works based on latent factor models have focused on representing the rating matrix as a product of user and item latent factor matrices , both being dense . latent ( factor ) vectors define the degree to which a trait is possessed by an item or the affinity of user towards that trait . a dense user matrix is a reasonable assumption as each user will like / dislike a trait to certain extent . however , any item will possess only a few of the a ←
→ understanding the loss surface of neural networks for binary classification ; it is widely conjectured that the reason that training algorithms for neural networks are successful because all local minima lead to similar performance , for example , see ( lecun et al ., 2015 , choromanska et al ., 2015 , dauphin et al ., 2014 ). performance is typically measured in terms of two metrics : training performance and generalization performance . here we focus on the training performance of single - layered neural networks fo ←
→ topology analysis of international networks based on debates in the united nations ; in complex , high dimensional and unstructured data it is often difficult to extract meaningful patterns . this is especially the case when dealing with textual data . recent studies in machine learning , information theory and network science have developed several novel instruments to extract the semantics of unstructured data , and harness it to build a network of relations . such approaches serve as an efficient tool for di ←
→ computing web - scale topic models using an asynchronous parameter server ; topic models such as latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) have been widely used in information retrieval for tasks ranging from smoothing and feedback methods to tools for exploratory search and discovery . however , classical methods for inferring topic models do not scale up to the massive size of today ' s publicly available web - scale data sets . the state - of - the - art approaches rely on custom strategies , implementations and hardware to fac ←
→ slt - resolution for the well - founded semantics ; global sls - resolution and slg - resolution are two representative mechanisms for top - down evaluation of the well - founded semantics of general logic programs . global sls - resolution is linear for query evaluation but suffers from infinite loops and redundant computations . in contrast , slg - resolution resolves infinite loops and redundant computations by means of tabling , but it is not linear . the principal disadvantage of a non - linear approach is that it cannot be ←
→ unsupervised event abstraction using pattern abstraction and local process models ; process mining analyzes business processes based on events stored in event logs . however , some recorded events may correspond to activities on a very low level of abstraction . when events are recorded on a too low level of granularity , process discovery methods tend to generate overgeneralizing process models . grouping low - level events to higher level activities , i . e ., event abstraction , can be used to discover better proc ←
→ unsatisfiable cores for constraint programming ; constraint programming ( cp ) solvers typically tackle optimization problems by repeatedly finding solutions to a problem while placing tighter and tighter bounds on the solution cost . this approach is somewhat naive , especially for soft - constraint optimization problems in which the soft constraints are mostly satisfied . unsatisfiable - core approaches to solving soft constraint problems in boolean satisfiability ( e . g . maxsat ) force all soft constraints to hold i ←
→ image segmentation using frequency locking of coupled oscillators ; synchronization of coupled oscillators is observed at multiple levels of neural systems , and has been shown to play an important function in visual perception . we propose a computing system based on locally coupled oscillator networks for image segmentation . the system can serve as the preprocessing front - end of an image processing pipeline where the common frequencies of clusters of oscillators reflect the segmentation results . to demonstr ←
→ highlighting objects of interest in an image by integrating saliency and depth ; stereo images have been captured primarily for 3d reconstruction in the past . however , the depth information acquired from stereo can also be used along with saliency to highlight certain objects in a scene . this approach can be used to make still images more interesting to look at , and highlight objects of interest in the scene . we introduce this novel direction in this paper , and discuss the theoretical framework behind the ←
→ unsupervised diverse colorization via generative adversarial networks ; colorization of grayscale images has been a hot topic in computer vision . previous research mainly focuses on producing a colored image to match the original one . however , since many colors share the same gray value , an input grayscale image could be diversely colored while maintaining its reality . in this paper , we design a novel solution for unsupervised diverse colorization . specifically , we leverage conditional generative adversaria ←
→ the character thinks ahead : creative writing with deep learning nets and its stylistic assessment ; we discuss how to control outputs from deep learning models of text corpora so as to create contemporary poetic works . we assess whether these controls are successful in the immediate sense of creating stylo - metric distinctiveness . the specific context is our piece the character thinks ahead ( 2016 / 17 ); the potential applications are broad .←
→ restricted recurrent neural tensor networks : exploiting word frequency and compositionality for increased model capacity and performance with no computational overhead ; increasing the capacity of recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) usually involves augmenting the size of the hidden layer , resulting in a significant increase of computational cost . an alternative is the recurrent neural tensor network ( rntn ), which increases capacity by employing distinct hidden layer weights for each vocabulary word . howeve ←
→ visual servoing of unmanned surface vehicle from small tethered unmanned aerial vehicle ; this paper presents an algorithm and the implementation of a motor schema to aid the visual localization subsystem of the ongoing emily project at texas a and m university . the emily project aims to team an unmanned surface vehicle ( usv ) with an unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav ) to augment the search and rescue of marine casualties during an emergency response phase . the usv is designed to serve as a flotation device onc ←
→ learning power spectrum maps from quantized power measurements ; power spectral density ( psd ) maps providing the distribution of rf power across space and frequency are constructed using power measurements collected by a network of low - cost sensors . by introducing linear compression and quantization to a small number of bits , sensor measurements can be communicated to the fusion center with minimal bandwidth requirements . strengths of data - and model - driven approaches are combined to develop estimators capa ←
→ compacting neural network classifiers via dropout training ; we introduce dropout compaction , a novel method for training feed - forward neural networks which realizes the performance gains of training a large model with dropout regularization , yet extracts a compact neural network for run - time efficiency . in the proposed method , we introduce a sparsity - inducing prior on the per unit dropout retention probability so that the optimizer can effectively prune hidden units during training . by changing the prior h ←
→ presence - absence reasoning for evolutionary phenotypes ; nearly invariably , phenotypes are reported in the scientific literature in meticulous detail , utilizing the full expressivity of natural language . often it is particularly these detailed observations ( facts ) that are of interest , and thus specific to the research questions that motivated observing and reporting them . however , research aiming to synthesize or integrate phenotype data across many studies or even fields is often faced with the need to ab ←
→ overcoming misleads in logic programs by redefining negation ; negation as failure and incomplete information in logic programs have been studied by many researchers in order to explains how a negated conclusion was reached , we introduce and proof a different way for negating facts to overcoming misleads in logic programs . negating facts can be achieved by asking the user for constants that do not appear elsewhere in the knowledge base .←
→ the unreasonable effectiveness of deep features as a perceptual metric ; while it is nearly effortless for humans to quickly assess the perceptual similarity between two images , the underlying processes are thought to be quite complex . despite this , the most widely used perceptual metrics today , such as psnr and ssim , are simple , shallow functions , and fail to account for many nuances of human perception . recently , the deep learning community has found that features of the vgg network trained on the imagene ←
→ continuous relaxation of map inference : a nonconvex perspective ; in this paper , we study a nonconvex continuous relaxation of map inference in discrete markov random fields ( mrfs ). we show that for arbitrary mrfs , this relaxation is tight , and a discrete stationary point of it can be easily reached by a simple block coordinate descent algorithm . in addition , we study the resolution of this relaxation using popular gradient methods , and further propose a more effective solution using a multilinear decomposi ←
→ rule generalisation in intrusion detection systems using snort ; intrusion detection systems ( ids ) provide an important layer of security for computer systems and networks , and are becoming more and more necessary as reliance on internet services increases and systems with sensitive data are more commonly open to internet access . an ids responsibility is to detect suspicious or unacceptable system and network activity and to alert a systems administrator to this activity . the majority of ids use a set of sig ←
→ all - transfer learning for deep neural networks and its application to sepsis classification ; in this article , we propose a transfer learning method for deep neural networks ( dnns ). deep learning has been widely used in many applications . however , applying deep learning is problematic when a large amount of training data are not available . one of the conventional methods for solving this problem is transfer learning for dnns . in the field of image recognition , state - of - the - art transfer learning methods fo ←
→ what are the visual features underlying human versus machine vision ? ; although deep convolutional networks ( dcns ) are approaching the accuracy of human observers at object recognition , it is unknown whether they leverage similar visual representations to achieve this performance . to address this , we introduce clicktionary , a web - based game for identifying visual features used by human observers during object recognition . importance maps derived from the game are consistent across participants and uncorrela ←
→ the myth of modularity in rule - based systems ; in this paper , we examine the concept of modularity , an often cited advantage of the ruled - based representation methodology . we argue that the notion of modularity consists of two distinct concepts which we call syntactic modularity and semantic modularity . we argue that when reasoning under certainty , it is reasonable to regard the rule - based approach as both syntactically and semantically modular . however , we argue that in the case of plausible reasoning , rul ←
→ an approximation ratio for biclustering ; the problem of biclustering consists of the simultaneous clustering of rows and columns of a matrix such that each of the submatrices induced by a pair of row and column clusters is as uniform as possible . in this paper we approximate the optimal biclustering by applying one - way clustering algorithms independently on the rows and on the columns of the input matrix . we show that such a solution yields a worst - case approximation ratio of 1 + sqrt ( 2 ) under l1 - norm for 0 -←
→ differential evolution and bayesian optimisation for hyper - parameter selection in mixed - signal neuromorphic circuits applied to uav obstacle avoidance ; the lobula giant movement detector ( lgmd ) is a an identified neuron of the locust that detects looming objects and triggers its escape responses . understanding the neural principles and networks that lead to these fast and robust responses can lead to the design of efficient facilitate obstacle avoidance strategies in robotic applications . here we prese ←
→ an implementation of the relational k - means algorithm ; a c # implementation of a generalized k - means variant called relational k - means is described here . relational k - means is a generalization of the well - known k - means clustering method which works for non - euclidean scenarios as well . the input is an arbitrary distance matrix , as opposed to the traditional k - means method , where the clustered objects need to be identified with vectors .←
→ argument mining with structured svms and rnns ; we propose a novel factor graph model for argument mining , designed for settings in which the argumentative relations in a document do not necessarily form a tree structure . ( this is the case in over 20 % of the web comments dataset we release .) our model jointly learns elementary unit type classification and argumentative relation prediction . moreover , our model supports svm and rnn parametrizations , can enforce structure constraints ( e . g ., transitivity ), and ←
→ information - theoretic lower bounds for recovery of diffusion network structures ; we study the information - theoretic lower bound of the sample complexity of the correct recovery of diffusion network structures . we introduce a discrete - time diffusion model based on the independent cascade model for which we obtain a lower bound of order $\ omega ( k \ log p )$, for directed graphs of $ p $ nodes , and at most $ k $ parents per node . next , we introduce a continuous - time diffusion model , for which a similar lower boun ←
→ the bayesian structural em algorithm ; in recent years there has been a flurry of works on learning bayesian networks from data . one of the hard problems in this area is how to effectively learn the structure of a belief network from incomplete data - that is , in the presence of missing values or hidden variables . in a recent paper , i introduced an algorithm called structural em that combines the standard expectation maximization ( em ) algorithm , which optimizes parameters , with structure search for model sel ←
→ learning by asking questions ; we introduce an interactive learning framework for the development and testing of intelligent visual systems , called learning - by - asking ( lba ). we explore lba in context of the visual question answering ( vqa ) task . lba differs from standard vqa training in that most questions are not observed during training time , and the learner must ask questions it wants answers to . thus , lba more closely mimics natural learning and has the potential to be more data - efficient than the tradit ←
→ a neuromorphic vlsi design for spike timing and rate based synaptic plasticity ; triplet - based spike timing dependent plasticity ( tstdp ) is a powerful synaptic plasticity rule that acts beyond conventional pair - based stdp ( pstdp ). here , the tstdp is capable of reproducing the outcomes from a variety of biological experiments , while the pstdp rule fails to reproduce them . additionally , it has been shown that the behaviour inherent to the spike rate - based bienenstock - cooper - munro ( bcm ) synaptic plasticity r ←
→ knowledge transfer for out - of - knowledge - base entities : a graph neural network approach ; knowledge base completion ( kbc ) aims to predict missing information in a knowledge base . in this paper , we address the out - of - knowledge - base ( ookb ) entity problem in kbc : how to answer queries concerning test entities not observed at training time . existing embedding - based kbc models assume that all test entities are available at training time , making it unclear how to obtain embeddings for new entities without costly r ←
→ wasserstein introspective neural networks ; we present wasserstein introspective neural networks ( winn ) that are both a generator and a discriminator within a single model . winn provides a significant improvement over the recent introspective neural networks ( inn ) method by enhancing inn ' s generative modeling capability . winn has three interesting properties : ( 1 ) a mathematical connection between the formulation of wasserstein generative adversarial networks ( wgan ) and the inn algorithm is made ; ( 2 ) the exp ←
→ 3d reconstruction from full - view fisheye camera ; in this report , we proposed a 3d reconstruction method for the full - view fisheye camera . the camera we used is ricoh theta , which captures spherical images and has a wide field of view ( fov ). the conventional stereo apporach based on perspective camera model cannot be directly applied and instead we used a spherical camera model to depict the relation between 3d point and its corresponding observation in the image . we implemented a system that can reconstruc ←
→ cost - optimal algorithms for planning with procedural control knowledge ; there is an impressive body of work on developing heuristics and other reasoning algorithms to guide search in optimal and anytime planning algorithms for classical planning . however , very little effort has been directed towards developing analogous techniques to guide search towards high - quality solutions in hierarchical planning formalisms like htn planning , which allows using additional domain - specific procedural control knowledge . ←
→ video enhancement with task - oriented flow ; many video processing algorithms rely on optical flow to register different frames within a sequence . however , a precise estimation of optical flow is often neither tractable nor optimal for a particular task . in this paper , we propose task - oriented flow ( toflow ), a flow representation tailored for specific video processing tasks . we design a neural network with a motion estimation component and a video processing component . these two parts can be jointly trained ←
→ non - asymptotic convergence analysis of inexact gradient methods for machine learning without strong convexity ; many recent applications in machine learning and data fitting call for the algorithmic solution of structured smooth convex optimization problems . although the gradient descent method is a natural choice for this task , it requires exact gradient computations and hence can be inefficient when the problem size is large or the gradient is difficult to evaluate . therefore , there has been much intere ←
→ asymptotic bayesian generalization error in a general stochastic matrix factorization for markov chain and bayesian network ; stochastic matrix factorization ( smf ) can be regarded as a restriction of non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ). smf is useful for inference of topic models , nmf for binary matrices data , markov chains , and bayesian networks . however , smf needs strong assumptions to reach a unique factorization and its theoretical prediction accuracy has not yet been clarified . in this paper , we ←
→ probabilistic reduced - order modeling for stochastic partial differential equations ; we discuss a bayesian formulation to coarse - graining ( cg ) of pdes where the coefficients ( e . g . material parameters ) exhibit random , fine scale variability . the direct solution to such problems requires grids that are small enough to resolve this fine scale variability which unavoidably requires the repeated solution of very large systems of algebraic equations . we establish a physically inspired , data - driven coarse - graine ←
→ off - policy shaping ensembles in reinforcement learning ; recent advances of gradient temporal - difference methods allow to learn off - policy multiple value functions in parallel with - out sacrificing convergence guarantees or computational efficiency . this opens up new possibilities for sound ensemble techniques in reinforcement learning . in this work we propose learning an ensemble of policies related through potential - based shaping rewards . the ensemble induces a combination policy by using a voting mechani ←
→ multi - scale continuous crfs as sequential deep networks for monocular depth estimation ; this paper addresses the problem of depth estimation from a single still image . inspired by recent works on multi - scale convolutional neural networks ( cnn ), we propose a deep model which fuses complementary information derived from multiple cnn side outputs . different from previous methods , the integration is obtained by means of continuous conditional random fields ( crfs ). in particular , we propose two different var ←
→ sparse markov decision processes with causal sparse tsallis entropy regularization for reinforcement learning ; in this paper , a sparse markov decision process ( mdp ) with novel causal sparse tsallis entropy regularization is proposed . the proposed policy regularization induces a sparse and multi - modal optimal policy distribution of a sparse mdp . the full mathematical analysis of the proposed sparse mdp is provided . we first analyze the optimality condition of a sparse mdp . then , we propose a sparse value it ←
→ finding approximate pomdp solutions through belief compression ; standard value function approaches to finding policies for partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) are generally considered to be intractable for large models . the intractability of these algorithms is to a large extent a consequence of computing an exact , optimal policy over the entire belief space . however , in real - world pomdp problems , computing the optimal policy for the full belief space is often unnecessary for good contr ←
→ unary coding for neural network learning ; this paper presents some properties of unary coding of significance for biological learning and instantaneously trained neural networks .←
→ tunable sensitivity to large errors in neural network training ; when humans learn a new concept , they might ignore examples that they cannot make sense of at first , and only later focus on such examples , when they are more useful for learning . we propose incorporating this idea of tunable sensitivity for hard examples in neural network learning , using a new generalization of the cross - entropy gradient step , which can be used in place of the gradient in any gradient - based training method . the generalized gr ←
→ locally non - linear embeddings for extreme multi - label learning ; the objective in extreme multi - label learning is to train a classifier that can automatically tag a novel data point with the most relevant subset of labels from an extremely large label set . embedding based approaches make training and prediction tractable by assuming that the training label matrix is low - rank and hence the effective number of labels can be reduced by projecting the high dimensional label vectors onto a low dimensional linear ←
→ fine - grained discriminative localization via saliency - guided faster r - cnn ; discriminative localization is essential for fine - grained image classification task , which devotes to recognizing hundreds of subcategories in the same basic - level category . reflecting on discriminative regions of objects , key differences among different subcategories are subtle and local . existing methods generally adopt a two - stage learning framework : the first stage is to localize the discriminative regions of objects , and the ←
→ deep clustering of longitudinal data ; deep neural networks are a family of computational models that have led to a dramatical improvement of the state of the art in several domains such as image , voice or text analysis . these methods provide a framework to model complex , non - linear interactions in large datasets , and are naturally suited to the analysis of hierarchical data such as , for instance , longitudinal data with the use of recurrent neural networks . in the other hand , cohort studies have become a to ←
→ salt - n - pepper noise filtering using cellular automata ; cellular automata ( ca ) have been considered one of the most pronounced parallel computational tools in the recent era of nature and bio - inspired computing . taking advantage of their local connectivity , the simplicity of their design and their inherent parallelism , ca can be effectively applied to many image processing tasks . in this paper , a ca approach for efficient salt - n - pepper noise filtering in grayscale images is presented . using a 2d moore neigh ←
→ short term load forecasting models in czech republic using soft computing paradigms ; this paper presents a comparative study of six soft computing models namely multilayer perceptron networks , elman recurrent neural network , radial basis function network , hopfield model , fuzzy inference system and hybrid fuzzy neural network for the hourly electricity demand forecast of czech republic . the soft computing models were trained and tested using the actual hourly load data for seven years . a comparison of the ←
→ neuraghe : exploiting cpu - fpga synergies for efficient and flexible cnn inference acceleration on zynq socs ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) obtain outstanding results in tasks that require human - level understanding of data , like image or speech recognition . however , their computational load is significant , motivating the development of cnn - specialized accelerators . this work presents neuraghe , a flexible and efficient hardware / software solution for the acceleration of cnns on zynq socs . neuragh ←
→ faster kernels for graphs with continuous attributes via hashing ; while state - of - the - art kernels for graphs with discrete labels scale well to graphs with thousands of nodes , the few existing kernels for graphs with continuous attributes , unfortunately , do not scale well . to overcome this limitation , we present hash graph kernels , a general framework to derive kernels for graphs with continuous attributes from discrete ones . the idea is to iteratively turn continuous attributes into discrete labels using r ←
→ visual place recognition using landmark distribution descriptors ; recent work by suenderhauf et al . [ 1 ] demonstrated improved visual place recognition using proposal regions coupled with features from convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) to match landmarks between views . in this work we extend the approach by introducing descriptors built from landmark features which also encode the spatial distribution of the landmarks within a view . matching descriptors then enforces consistency of the relative positions ←
→ grammatical relations of myanmar sentences augmented by transformation - based learning of function tagging ; in this paper we describe function tagging using transformation based learning ( tbl ) for myanmar that is a method of extensions to the previous statistics - based function tagger . contextual and lexical rules ( developed using tbl ) were critical in achieving good results . first , we describe a method for expressing lexical relations in function tagging that statistical function tagging are currently una ←
→ a generally applicable , highly scalable measurement computation and optimization approach to sequential model - based diagnosis ; model - based diagnosis deals with the identification of the real cause of a system ' s malfunction based on a formal system model and observations of the system behavior . when a malfunction is detected , there is usually not enough information available to pinpoint the real cause and one needs to discriminate between multiple fault hypotheses ( called diagnoses ). to this end , sequenti ←
→ an ontology - based knowledge management system for industry clusters ; knowledge - based economy forces companies in the nation to group together as a cluster in order to maintain their competitiveness in the world market . the cluster development relies on two key success factors which are knowledge sharing and collaboration between the actors in the cluster . thus , our study tries to propose knowledge management system to support knowledge management activities within the cluster . to achieve the objectives of ←
→ unsupervised measure of word similarity : how to outperform co - occurrence and vector cosine in vsms ; in this paper , we claim that vector cosine , which is generally considered among the most efficient unsupervised measures for identifying word similarity in vector space models , can be outperformed by an unsupervised measure that calculates the extent of the intersection among the most mutually dependent contexts of the target words . to prove it , we describe and evaluate apsyn , a variant of the average prec ←
→ multi - path feedback recurrent neural network for scene parsing ; in this paper , we consider the scene parsing problem and propose a novel multi - path feedback recurrent neural network ( mpf - rnn ) for parsing scene images . mpf - rnn can enhance the capability of rnns in modeling long - range context information at multiple levels and better distinguish pixels that are easy to confuse . different from feedforward cnns and rnns with only single feedback , mpf - rnn propagates the contextual features learned at top layer ←
→ robust multi - subspace analysis using novel column l0 - norm constrained matrix factorization ; we study the underlying structure of data ( approximately ) generated from a union of independent subspaces . traditional methods learn only one subspace , failing to discover the multi - subspace structure , while state - of - the - art methods analyze the multi - subspace structure using data themselves as the dictionary , which cannot offer the explicit basis to span each subspace and are sensitive to errors via an indirect re ←
→ visually indicated sounds ; objects make distinctive sounds when they are hit or scratched . these sounds reveal aspects of an object ' s material properties , as well as the actions that produced them . in this paper , we propose the task of predicting what sound an object makes when struck as a way of studying physical interactions within a visual scene . we present an algorithm that synthesizes sound from silent videos of people hitting and scratching objects with a drumstick . this algorithm uses a recurrent ne ←
→ multi - label methods for prediction with sequential data ; the number of methods available for classification of multi - label data has increased rapidly over recent years , yet relatively few links have been made with the related task of classification of sequential data . if labels indices are considered as time indices , the problems can often be seen as equivalent . in this paper we detect and elaborate on connections between multi - label methods and markovian models , and study the suitability of multi - label me ←
→ large - sample learning of bayesian networks is np - hard ; in this paper , we provide new complexity results for algorithms that learn discrete - variable bayesian networks from data . our results apply whenever the learning algorithm uses a scoring criterion that favors the simplest model able to represent the generative distribution exactly . our results therefore hold whenever the learning algorithm uses a consistent scoring criterion and is applied to a sufficiently large dataset . we show that identifying high -←
→ learning to attend , copy , and generate for session - based query suggestion ; users try to articulate their complex information needs during search sessions by reformulating their queries . to make this process more effective , search engines provide related queries to help users in specifying the information need in their search process . in this paper , we propose a customized sequence - to - sequence model for session - based query suggestion . in our model , we employ a query - aware attention mechanism to capture th ←
→ mammogram edge detection using hybrid soft computing methods ; image segmentation is a crucial step in a wide range of method image processing systems . it is useful in visualization of the different objects present in the image . in spite of the several methods available in the literature , image segmentation still a challenging problem in most of image processing applications . the challenge comes from the fuzziness of image objects and the overlapping of the different regions . detection of edges in an image ←
→ starspace : embed all the things ! ; we present starspace , a general - purpose neural embedding model that can solve a wide variety of problems : labeling tasks such as text classification , ranking tasks such as information retrieval / web search , collaborative filtering - based or content - based recommendation , embedding of multi - relational graphs , and learning word , sentence or document level embeddings . in each case the model works by embedding those entities comprised of discrete features and comparing them again ←
→ learning beyond datasets : knowledge graph augmented neural networks for natural language processing ; machine learning has been the quintessential solution for many ai problems , but learning is still heavily dependent on the specific training data . some learning models can be incorporated with a prior knowledge in the bayesian set up , but these learning models do not have the ability to access any organised world knowledge on demand . in this work , we propose to enhance learning models with world knowledge ←
→ modeling languages from graph networks ; we model and compute the probability distribution of the letters in random generated words in a language by using the theory of set partitions , young tableaux and graph theoretical representation methods . this has been of interest for several application areas such as network systems , bioinformatics , internet search , data mining and computacional linguistics .←
→ topic modeling of hierarchical corpora ; we study the problem of topic modeling in corpora whose documents are organized in a multi - level hierarchy . we explore a parametric approach to this problem , assuming that the number of topics is known or can be estimated by cross - validation . the models we consider can be viewed as special ( finite - dimensional ) instances of hierarchical dirichlet processes ( hdps ). for these models we show that there exists a simple variational approximation for probabilistic inference ←
→ a comparison of two human brain tumor segmentation methods for mri data ; the most common primary brain tumors are gliomas , evolving from the cerebral supportive cells . for clinical follow - up , the evaluation of the preoperative tumor volume is essential . volumetric assessment of tumor volume with manual segmentation of its outlines is a time - consuming process that can be overcome with the help of computerized segmentation methods . in this contribution , two methods for world health organization ( who ) grade i ←
→ sufficient conditions for convergence of loopy belief propagation ; we derive novel sufficient conditions for convergence of loopy belief propagation ( also known as the sum - product algorithm ) to a unique fixed point . our results improve upon previously known conditions . for binary variables with ( anti -) ferromagnetic interactions , our conditions seem to be sharp .←
→ autonomous driving challenge : to infer the property of a dynamic object based on its motion pattern using recurrent neural network ; in autonomous driving applications a critical challenge is to identify action to take to avoid an obstacle on collision course . for example , when a heavy object is suddenly encountered it is critical to stop the vehicle or change the lane even if it causes other traffic disruptions . however , there are situations when it is preferable to collide with the object rather than tak ←
→ learning to generate time - lapse videos using multi - stage dynamic generative adversarial networks ; taking a photo outside , can we predict the immediate future , \ textit { e . g .}, how would the cloud move in the sky ? we address this problem by presenting a generative adversarial network ( gan ) based two - stage approach to generating realistic time - lapse videos of high resolution . given the first frame , our model learns to generate long - term future frames . the first stage generates videos of realistic contents fo ←
→ snowwatch : snow monitoring through acquisition and analysis of user - generated content ; we present a system for complementing snow phenomena monitoring with virtual measurements extracted from public visual content . the proposed system integrates an automatic acquisition and analysis of photographs and webcam images depicting alpine mountains . in particular , the technical demonstration consists in a web portal that interfaces the whole system with the population . it acts as an entertaining photo - sharing s ←
→ signet : scalable embeddings for signed networks ; recent successes in word embedding and document embedding have motivated researchers to explore similar representations for networks and to use such representations for tasks such as edge prediction , node label prediction , and community detection . such network embedding methods are largely focused on finding distributed representations for unsigned networks and are unable to discover embeddings that respect polarities inherent in edges . we propose signet , a ←
→ shrinkage degree in $ l_2 $- re - scale boosting for regression ; re - scale boosting ( rboosting ) is a variant of boosting which can essentially improve the generalization performance of boosting learning . the key feature of rboosting lies in introducing a shrinkage degree to re - scale the ensemble estimate in each gradient - descent step . thus , the shrinkage degree determines the performance of rboosting . the aim of this paper is to develop a concrete analysis concerning how to determine the shrinkage degree in $ l ←
→ k - means clustering is matrix factorization ; we show that the objective function of conventional k - means clustering can be expressed as the frobenius norm of the difference of a data matrix and a low rank approximation of that data matrix . in short , we show that k - means clustering is a matrix factorization problem . these notes are meant as a reference and intended to provide a guided tour towards a result that is often mentioned but seldom made explicit in the literature .←
→ visual weather temperature prediction ; in this paper , we attempt to employ convolutional recurrent neural networks for weather temperature estimation using only image data . we study ambient temperature estimation based on deep neural networks in two scenarios a ) estimating temperature of a single outdoor image , and b ) predicting temperature of the last image in an image sequence . in the first scenario , visual features are extracted by a convolutional neural network trained on a large - scale image dataset . w ←
→ mapping generative models onto a network of digital spiking neurons ; stochastic neural networks such as restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ) have been successfully used in applications ranging from speech recognition to image classification . inference and learning in these algorithms use a markov chain monte carlo procedure called gibbs sampling , where a logistic function forms the kernel of this sampler . on the other side of the spectrum , neuromorphic systems have shown great promise for low - power and par ←
→ a learning - based variable size part extraction architecture for 6d object pose recovery in depth ; state - of - the - art techniques for 6d object pose recovery depend on occlusion - free point clouds to accurately register objects in 3d space . to deal with this shortcoming , we introduce a novel architecture called iterative hough forest with histogram of control points that is capable of estimating the 6d pose of occluded and cluttered objects given a candidate 2d bounding box . our iterative hough forest ( ihf ) i ←
→ accurate motion estimation through random sample aggregated consensus ; we reconsider the classic problem of estimating accurately a 2d transformation from point matches between images containing outliers . ransac discriminates outliers by randomly generating minimalistic sampled hypotheses and verifying their consensus over the input data . its response is based on the single hypothesis that obtained the largest inlier support . in this article we show that the resulting accuracy can be improved by aggregatin ←
→ coherent keyphrase extraction via web mining ; keyphrases are useful for a variety of purposes , including summarizing , indexing , labeling , categorizing , clustering , highlighting , browsing , and searching . the task of automatic keyphrase extraction is to select keyphrases from within the text of a given document . automatic keyphrase extraction makes it feasible to generate keyphrases for the huge number of documents that do not have manually assigned keyphrases . a limitation of previous keyphrase extraction a ←
→ paying attention to descriptions generated by image captioning models ; to bridge the gap between humans and machines in image understanding and describing , we need further insight into how people describe a perceived scene . in this paper , we study the agreement between bottom - up saliency - based visual attention and object referrals in scene description constructs . we investigate the properties of human - written descriptions and machine - generated ones . we then propose a saliency - boosted image captioning model ←
→ modeling the uncertainty in complex engineering systems ; existing procedures for model validation have been deemed inadequate for many engineering systems . the reason of this inadequacy is due to the high degree of complexity of the mechanisms that govern these systems . it is proposed in this paper to shift the attention from modeling the engineering system itself to modeling the uncertainty that underlies its behavior . a mathematical framework for modeling the uncertainty in complex engineering systems is ←
→ d - separation : from theorems to algorithms ; an efficient algorithm is developed that identifies all independencies implied by the topology of a bayesian network . its correctness and maximality stems from the soundness and completeness of d - separation with respect to probability theory . the algorithm runs in time o ( l e l ) where e is the number of edges in the network .←
→ classification of lulc change detection using remotely sensed data for coimbatore city , tamilnadu , india ; maps are used to describe far - off places . it is an aid for navigation and military strategies . mapping of the lands are important and the mapping work is based on ( i ). natural resource management & development ( ii ). information technology ,( iii ). environmental development ,( iv ). facility management and ( v ). e - governance . the landuse / landcover system espoused by almost all organisations and scienti ←
→ a markov random field and active contour image segmentation model for animal spots patterns ; non - intrusive biometrics of animals using images allows to analyze phenotypic populations and individuals with patterns like stripes and spots without affecting the studied subjects . however , non - intrusive biometrics demand a well trained subject or the development of computer vision algorithms that ease the identification task . in this work , an analysis of classic segmentation approaches that require a supervise ←
→ low rank representation on riemannian manifold of square root densities ; in this paper , we present a novel low rank representation ( lrr ) algorithm for data lying on the manifold of square root densities . unlike traditional lrr methods which rely on the assumption that the data points are vectors in the euclidean space , our new algorithm is designed to incorporate the intrinsic geometric structure and geodesic distance of the manifold . experiments on several computer vision datasets showcase its noise robus ←
→ risk aversion as an evolutionary adaptation ; risk aversion is a common behavior universal to humans and animals alike . economists have traditionally defined risk preferences by the curvature of the utility function . psychologists and behavioral economists also make use of concepts such as loss aversion and probability weighting to model risk aversion . neurophysiological evidence suggests that loss aversion has its origins in relatively ancient neural circuitries ( e . g ., ventral striatum ). could there thus b ←
→ deep deterministic policy gradient for urban traffic light control ; traffic light timing optimization is still an active line of research despite the wealth of scientific literature on the topic , and the problem remains unsolved for any non - toy scenario . one of the key issues with traffic light optimization is the large scale of the input information that is available for the controlling agent , namely all the traffic data that is continually sampled by the traffic detectors that cover the urban network . th ←
→ fast learning of relational dependency networks ; a relational dependency network ( rdn ) is a directed graphical model widely used for multi - relational data . these networks allow cyclic dependencies , necessary to represent relational autocorrelations . we describe an approach for learning both the rdn ' s structure and its parameters , given an input relational database : first learn a bayesian network ( bn ), then transform the bayesian network to an rdn . thus fast bayes net learning can provide fast rdn learning .←
→ maximum volume inscribed ellipsoid : a new simplex - structured matrix factorization framework via facet enumeration and convex optimization ; consider a structured matrix factorization model where one factor is restricted to have its columns lying in the unit simplex . this simplex - structured matrix factorization ( ssmf ) model and the associated factorization techniques have spurred much interest in research topics over different areas , such as hyperspectral unmixing in remote sensing , topic discovery in mach ←
→ on 3d face reconstruction via cascaded regression in shape space ; cascaded regression has been recently applied to reconstructing 3d faces from single 2d images directly in shape space , and achieved state - of - the - art performance . this paper investigates thoroughly such cascaded regression based 3d face reconstruction approaches from four perspectives that are not well studied yet : ( i ) the impact of the number of 2d landmarks ; ( ii ) the impact of the number of 3d vertices ; ( iii ) the way of using standalone au ←
→ free energy - based reinforcement learning using a quantum processor ; recent theoretical and experimental results suggest the possibility of using current and near - future quantum hardware in challenging sampling tasks . in this paper , we introduce free energy - based reinforcement learning ( ferl ) as an application of quantum hardware . we propose a method for processing a quantum annealer ' s measured qubit spin configurations in approximating the free energy of a quantum boltzmann machine ( qbm ). we then apply thi ←
→ reversible recursive instance - level object segmentation ; in this work , we propose a novel reversible recursive instance - level object segmentation ( r2 - ios ) framework to address the challenging instance - level object segmentation task . r2 - ios consists of a reversible proposal refinement sub - network that predicts bounding box offsets for refining the object proposal locations , and an instance - level segmentation sub - network that generates the foreground mask of the dominant object instance in each proposal . by ←
→ build electronic arabic lexicon ; there are many known arabic lexicons organized on different ways , each of them has a different number of arabic words according to its organization way . this paper has used mathematical relations to count a number of arabic words , which proofs the number of arabic words presented by al farahidy . the paper also presents new way to build an electronic arabic lexicon by using a hash function that converts each word ( as input ) to correspond a unique integer number ( as output ), ←
→ commonsense scene semantics for cognitive robotics : towards grounding embodied visuo - locomotive interactions ; we present a commonsense , qualitative model for the semantic grounding of embodied visuo - spatial and locomotive interactions . the key contribution is an integrative methodology combining low - level visual processing with high - level , human - centred representations of space and motion rooted in artificial intelligence . we demonstrate practical applicability with examples involving object interactions ←
→ frame interpretation and validation in a open domain dialogue system ; our goal in this paper is to establish a means for a dialogue platform to be able to cope with open domains considering the possible interaction between the embodied agent and humans . to this end we present an algorithm capable of processing natural language utterances and validate them against knowledge structures of an intelligent agent ' s mind . our algorithm leverages dialogue techniques in order to solve ambiguities and acquire knowle ←
→ a kernelized stein discrepancy for goodness - of - fit tests and model evaluation ; we derive a new discrepancy statistic for measuring differences between two probability distributions based on combining stein ' s identity with the reproducing kernel hilbert space theory . we apply our result to test how well a probabilistic model fits a set of observations , and derive a new class of powerful goodness - of - fit tests that are widely applicable for complex and high dimensional distributions , even for those with com ←
→ information modeling for a dynamic representation of an emergency situation ; in this paper we propose an approach to build a decision support system that can help emergency planners and responders to detect and manage emergency situations . the internal mechanism of the system is independent from the treated application . therefore , we think the system may be used or adapted easily to different case studies . we focus here on a first step in the decision - support process which concerns the modeling of inform ←
→ feature enhancement in visually impaired images ; one of the major open problems in computer vision is detection of features in visually impaired images . in this paper , we describe a potential solution using phase stretch transform , a new computational approach for image analysis , edge detection and resolution enhancement that is inspired by the physics of the photonic time stretch technique . we mathematically derive the intrinsic nonlinear transfer function and demonstrate how it leads to ( 1 ) superior perf ←
→ end - to - end localization and ranking for relative attributes ; we propose an end - to - end deep convolutional network to simultaneously localize and rank relative visual attributes , given only weakly - supervised pairwise image comparisons . unlike previous methods , our network jointly learns the attribute ' s features , localization , and ranker . the localization module of our network discovers the most informative image region for the attribute , which is then used by the ranking module to learn a ranking model of th ←
→ examplers based image fusion features for face recognition ; examplers of a face are formed from multiple gallery images of a person and are used in the process of classification of a test image . we incorporate such examplers in forming a biologically inspired local binary decisions on similarity based face recognition method . as opposed to single model approaches such as face averages the exampler based approach results in higher recognition accu - racies and stability . using multiple training samples per p ←
→ tractable and scalable schatten quasi - norm approximations for rank minimization ; the schatten quasi - norm was introduced to bridge the gap between the trace norm and rank function . however , existing algorithms are too slow or even impractical for large - scale problems . motivated by the equivalence relation between the trace norm and its bilinear spectral penalty , we define two tractable schatten norms , i . e .\ the bi - trace and tri - trace norms , and prove that they are in essence the schatten -$ 1 / 2 $ and $ 1 / 3 $ q ←
→ logic programming with social features ; in everyday life it happens that a person has to reason about what other people think and how they behave , in order to achieve his goals . in other words , an individual may be required to adapt his behaviour by reasoning about the others ' mental state . in this paper we focus on a knowledge representation language derived from logic programming which both supports the representation of mental states of individual communities and provides each with the capability of rea ←
→ bioinformatics and medicine in the era of deep learning ; many of the current scientific advances in the life sciences have their origin in the intensive use of data for knowledge discovery . in no area this is so clear as in bioinformatics , led by technological breakthroughs in data acquisition technologies . it has been argued that bioinformatics could quickly become the field of research generating the largest data repositories , beating other data - intensive areas such as high - energy physics or astroinforma ←
→ learning to learn without gradient descent by gradient descent ; we learn recurrent neural network optimizers trained on simple synthetic functions by gradient descent . we show that these learned optimizers exhibit a remarkable degree of transfer in that they can be used to efficiently optimize a broad range of derivative - free black - box functions , including gaussian process bandits , simple control objectives , global optimization benchmarks and hyper - parameter tuning tasks . up to the training horizon , the le ←
→ pillar networks ++: distributed non - parametric deep and wide networks ; in recent work , it was shown that combining multi - kernel based support vector machines ( svms ) can lead to near state - of - the - art performance on an action recognition dataset ( hmdb - 51 dataset ). this was 0 . 4 \% lower than frameworks that used hand - crafted features in addition to the deep convolutional feature extractors . in the present work , we show that combining distributed gaussian processes with multi - stream deep convolutional neural net ←
→ improving consistency and correctness of sequence inpainting using semantically guided generative adversarial network ; contemporary benchmark methods for image inpainting are based on deep generative models and specifically leverage adversarial loss for yielding realistic reconstructions . however , these models cannot be directly applied on image / video sequences because of an intrinsic drawback - the reconstructions might be independently realistic , but , when visualized as a sequence , often lacks fidelity ←
→ combination of upper and lower probabilities ; in this paper , we consider several types of information and methods of combination associated with incomplete probabilistic systems . we discriminate between ' a priori ' and evidential information . the former one is a description of the whole population , the latest is a restriction based on observations for a particular case . then , we propose different combination methods for each one of them . we also consider conditioning as the heterogeneous combination of ' a p ←
→ lock - free parallel perceptron for graph - based dependency parsing ; dependency parsing is an important nlp task . a popular approach for dependency parsing is structured perceptron . still , graph - based dependency parsing has the time complexity of $ o ( n ^ 3 )$, and it suffers from slow training . to deal with this problem , we propose a parallel algorithm called parallel perceptron . the parallel algorithm can make full use of a multi - core computer which saves a lot of training time . based on experiments we observe t ←
→ active dictionary learning in sparse representation based classification ; sparse representation , which uses dictionary atoms to reconstruct input vectors , has been studied intensively in recent years . a proper dictionary is a key for the success of sparse representation . in this paper , an active dictionary learning ( adl ) method is introduced , in which classification error and reconstruction error are considered as the active learning criteria in selection of the atoms for dictionary construction . the learn ←
→ prediction of platinum prices using dynamically weighted mixture of experts ; neural networks are powerful tools for classification and regression in static environments . this paper describes a technique for creating an ensemble of neural networks that adapts dynamically to changing conditions . the model separates the input space into four regions and each network is given a weight in each region based on its performance on samples from that region . the ensemble adapts dynamically by constantly adjusting ←
→ learning to fly by crashing ; how do you learn to navigate an unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav ) and avoid obstacles ? one approach is to use a small dataset collected by human experts : however , high capacity learning algorithms tend to overfit when trained with little data . an alternative is to use simulation . but the gap between simulation and real world remains large especially for perception problems . the reason most research avoids using large - scale real data is the fear of crashes ! in this paper , we propose ←
→ transductive classification methods for mixed graphs ; in this paper we provide a principled approach to solve a transductive classification problem involving a similar graph ( edges tend to connect nodes with same labels ) and a dissimilar graph ( edges tend to connect nodes with opposing labels ). most of the existing methods , e . g ., information regularization ( ir ), weighted vote relational neighbor classifier ( wvrn ) etc , assume that the given graph is only a similar graph . we extend the ir and wvrn methods to ←
→ a reliable effective terascale linear learning system ; we present a system and a set of techniques for learning linear predictors with convex losses on terascale datasets , with trillions of features , { the number of features here refers to the number of non - zero entries in the data matrix .} billions of training examples and millions of parameters in an hour using a cluster of 1000 machines . individually none of the component techniques are new , but the careful synthesis required to obtain an efficient imple ←
→ attribute - controlled face photo synthesis from simple line drawing ; face photo synthesis from simple line drawing is a one - to - many task as simple line drawing merely contains the contour of human face . previous exemplar - based methods are over - dependent on the datasets and are hard to generalize to complicated natural scenes . recently , several works utilize deep neural networks to increase the generalization , but they are still limited in the controllability of the users . in this paper , we propose a deep ge ←
→ compact cnn for indexing egocentric videos ; while egocentric video is becoming increasingly popular , browsing it is very difficult . in this paper we present a compact 3d convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture for long - term activity recognition in egocentric videos . recognizing long - term activities enables us to temporally segment ( index ) long and unstructured egocentric videos . existing methods for this task are based on hand tuned features derived from visible objects , location of hands , as well ←
→ variational gaussian dropout is not bayesian ; gaussian multiplicative noise is commonly used as a stochastic regularisation technique in training of deterministic neural networks . a recent paper reinterpreted the technique as a specific algorithm for approximate inference in bayesian neural networks ; several extensions ensued . we show that the log - uniform prior used in all the above publications does not generally induce a proper posterior , and thus bayesian inference in such models is ill - posed . independe ←
→ robust semi - supervised classification for multi - relational graphs ; graph - regularized semi - supervised learning has been used effectively for classification when ( i ) instances are connected through a graph , and ( ii ) labeled data is scarce . if available , using multiple relations ( or graphs ) between the instances can improve the prediction performance . on the other hand , when these relations have varying levels of veracity and exhibit varying relevance for the task , very noisy and / or irrelevant relations may d ←
→ multiple object tracking with context awareness ; multiple people tracking is a key problem for many applications such as surveillance , animation or car navigation , and a key input for tasks such as activity recognition . in crowded environments occlusions and false detections are common , and although there have been substantial advances in recent years , tracking is still a challenging task . tracking is typically divided into two steps : detection , i . e ., locating the pedestrians in the image , and data associa ←
→ irregular - time bayesian networks ; in many fields observations are performed irregularly along time , due to either measurement limitations or lack of a constant immanent rate . while discrete - time markov models ( as dynamic bayesian networks ) introduce either inefficient computation or an information loss to reasoning about such processes , continuous - time markov models assume either a discrete state space ( as continuous - time bayesian networks ), or a flat continuous state space ( as stochastic differential equa ←
→ deep bayesian active learning with image data ; even though active learning forms an important pillar of machine learning , deep learning tools are not prevalent within it . deep learning poses several difficulties when used in an active learning setting . first , active learning ( al ) methods generally rely on being able to learn and update models from small amounts of data . recent advances in deep learning , on the other hand , are notorious for their dependence on large amounts of data . second , many al acquisit ←
→ non - square matrix sensing without spurious local minima via the burer - monteiro approach ; we consider the non - square matrix sensing problem , under restricted isometry property ( rip ) assumptions . we focus on the non - convex formulation , where any rank -$ r $ matrix $ x \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ m \ times n }$ is represented as $ uv ^\ top $, where $ u \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ m \ times r }$ and $ v \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ n \ times r }$. in this paper , we complement recent findings on the non - convex geometry of the analogous psd setting [ 5 ], and sho ←
→ multi - view consistency as supervisory signal for learning shape and pose prediction ; we present a framework for learning single - view shape and pose prediction without using direct supervision for either . our approach allows leveraging multi - view observations from unknown poses as supervisory signal during training . our proposed training setup enforces geometric consistency between the independently predicted shape and pose from two views of the same instance . we consequently learn to predict shape in an ←
→ binary tree based chinese word segmentation ; chinese word segmentation is a fundamental task for chinese language processing . the granularity mismatch problem is the main cause of the errors . this paper showed that the binary tree representation can store outputs with different granularity . a binary tree based framework is also designed to overcome the granularity mismatch problem . there are two steps in this framework , namely tree building and tree pruning . the tree pruning step is specially designed to f ←
→ a probabilistic framework for analysing the compositionality of conceptual combinations ; conceptual combination performs a fundamental role in creating the broad range of compound phrases utilized in everyday language . this article provides a novel probabilistic framework for assessing whether the semantics of conceptual combinations are compositional , and so can be considered as a function of the semantics of the constituent concepts , or not . while the systematicity and productivity of language provide ←
→ using deep networks for drone detection ; drone detection is the problem of finding the smallest rectangle that encloses the drone ( s ) in a video sequence . in this study , we propose a solution using an end - to - end object detection model based on convolutional neural networks . to solve the scarce data problem for training the network , we propose an algorithm for creating an extensive artificial dataset by combining background - subtracted real images . with this approach , we can achieve precision and recall value ←
→ on the latent variable interpretation in sum - product networks ; one of the central themes in sum - product networks ( spns ) is the interpretation of sum nodes as marginalized latent variables ( lvs ). this interpretation yields an increased syntactic or semantic structure , allows the application of the em algorithm and to efficiently perform mpe inference . in literature , the lv interpretation was justified by explicitly introducing the indicator variables corresponding to the lvs ' states . however , as pointed out ←
→ skeleton - aided articulated motion generation ; this work make the first attempt to generate articulated human motion sequence from a single image . on the one hand , we utilize paired inputs including human skeleton information as motion embedding and a single human image as appearance reference , to generate novel motion frames , based on the conditional gan infrastructure . on the other hand , a triplet loss is employed to pursue appearance - smoothness between consecutive frames . as the proposed framework is cap ←
→ accelerating competitive learning graph quantization ; vector quantization ( vq ) is a lossy data compression technique from signal processing for which simple competitive learning is one standard method to quantize patterns from the input space . extending competitive learning vq to the domain of graphs results in competitive learning for quantizing input graphs . in this contribution , we propose an accelerated version of competitive learning graph quantization ( gq ) without trading computational time against so ←
→ visual explanation by high - level abduction : on answer - set programming driven reasoning about moving objects ; we propose a hybrid architecture for systematically computing robust visual explanation ( s ) encompassing hypothesis formation , belief revision , and default reasoning with video data . the architecture consists of two tightly integrated synergistic components : ( 1 ) ( functional ) answer set programming based abductive reasoning with space - time tracklets as native entities ; and ( 2 ) a visual processing pi ←
→ a new model of plan recognition ; we present a new abductive , probabilistic theory of plan recognition . this model differs from previous plan recognition theories in being centered around a model of plan execution : most previous methods have been based on plans as formal objects or on rules describing the recognition process . we show that our new model accounts for phenomena omitted from most previous plan recognition theories : notably the cumulative effect of a sequence of observations of partially - ordered ←
→ well tops guided prediction of reservoir properties using modular neural network concept a case study from western onshore , india ; this paper proposes a complete framework consisting pre - processing , modeling , and post - processing stages to carry out well tops guided prediction of a reservoir property ( sand fraction ) from three seismic attributes ( seismic impedance , instantaneous amplitude , and instantaneous frequency ) using the concept of modular artificial neural network ( mann ). the data set used in this ←
→ a model of inductive bias learning ; a major problem in machine learning is that of inductive bias : how to choose a learner ' s hypothesis space so that it is large enough to contain a solution to the problem being learnt , yet small enough to ensure reliable generalization from reasonably - sized training sets . typically such bias is supplied by hand through the skill and insights of experts . in this paper a model for automatically learning bias is investigated . the central assumption of the model is that the l ←
→ sky detection and log illumination refinement for pde - based hazy image contrast enhancement ; this report presents the results of a sky detection technique used to improve the performance of a previously developed partial differential equation ( pde )- based hazy image enhancement algorithm . additionally , a proposed alternative method utilizes a function for log illumination refinement to improve de - hazing results while avoiding over - enhancement of sky or homogeneous regions . the algorithms were tested with ←
→ learning deep energy models : contrastive divergence vs . amortized mle ; we propose a number of new algorithms for learning deep energy models and demonstrate their properties . we show that our steincd performs well in term of test likelihood , while steingan performs well in terms of generating realistic looking images . our results suggest promising directions for learning better models by combining gan - style methods with traditional energy - based learning .←
→ spectral normalization for generative adversarial networks ; one of the challenges in the study of generative adversarial networks is the instability of its training . in this paper , we propose a novel weight normalization technique called spectral normalization to stabilize the training of the discriminator . our new normalization technique is computationally light and easy to incorporate into existing implementations . we tested the efficacy of spectral normalization on cifar10 , stl - 10 , and ilsvrc2012 datase ←
→ person re - identification based on color histogram and spatial configuration of dominant color regions ; there is a requirement to determine whether a given person of interest has already been observed over a network of cameras in video surveillance systems . a human appearance obtained in one camera is usually different from the ones obtained in another camera due to difference in illumination , pose and viewpoint , camera parameters . being related to appearance - based approaches for person re - identification ,←
→ training neural networks by using power linear units ( polus ) ; in this paper , we introduce " power linear unit " ( polu ) which increases the nonlinearity capacity of a neural network and thus helps improving its performance . polu adopts several advantages of previously proposed activation functions . first , the output of polu for positive inputs is designed to be identity to avoid the gradient vanishing problem . second , polu has a non - zero output for negative inputs such that the output mean of the units is clo ←
→$ eva ^ 2 $ : exploiting temporal redundancy in live computer vision ; hardware support for deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) is critical to advanced computer vision in mobile and embedded devices . current designs , however , accelerate generic cnns ; they do not exploit the unique characteristics of real - time vision . we propose to use the temporal redundancy in natural video to avoid unnecessary computation on most frames . a new algorithm , activation motion compensation , detects changes in the visual inpu ←
→ model - based clustering and classification of functional data ; the problem of complex data analysis is a central topic of modern statistical science and learning systems and is becoming of broader interest with the increasing prevalence of high - dimensional data . the challenge is to develop statistical models and autonomous algorithms that are able to acquire knowledge from raw data for exploratory analysis , which can be achieved through clustering techniques or to make predictions of future data via classif ←
→ weighted sets of probabilities and minimax weighted expected regret : new approaches for representing uncertainty and making decisions ; we consider a setting where an agent ' s uncertainty is represented by a set of probability measures , rather than a single measure . measure - by - measure updating of such a set of measures upon acquiring new information is well - known to suffer from problems ; agents are not always able to learn appropriately . to deal with these problems , we propose using weighted sets of probab ←
→ explanation - based learning for machine translation ; in this paper we present an application of explanation - based learning ( ebl ) in the parsing module of a real - time english - spanish machine translation system designed to translate closed captions . we discuss the efficiency / coverage trade - offs available in ebl and introduce the techniques we use to increase coverage while maintaining a high level of space and time efficiency . our performance results indicate that this approach is effective .←
→ binary encodings of non - binary constraint satisfaction problems : algorithms and experimental results ; a non - binary constraint satisfaction problem ( csp ) can be solved directly using extended versions of binary techniques . alternatively , the non - binary problem can be translated into an equivalent binary one . in this case , it is generally accepted that the translated problem can be solved by applying well - established techniques for binary csps . in this paper we evaluate the applicability of the latter appr ←
→ stability in multidimensional size theory ; this paper proves that in size theory the comparison of multidimensional size functions can be reduced to the 1 - dimensional case by a suitable change of variables . indeed , we show that a foliation in half - planes can be given , such that the restriction of a multidimensional size function to each of these half - planes turns out to be a classical size function in two scalar variables . this leads to the definition of a new distance between multidimensional size functio ←
→ modeling order in neural word embeddings at scale ; natural language processing ( nlp ) systems commonly leverage bag - of - words co - occurrence techniques to capture semantic and syntactic word relationships . the resulting word - level distributed representations often ignore morphological information , though character - level embeddings have proven valuable to nlp tasks . we propose a new neural language model incorporating both word order and character order in its embedding . the model produces several vector space ←
→ dltk : state of the art reference implementations for deep learning on medical images ; we present dltk , a toolkit providing baseline implementations for efficient experimentation with deep learning methods on biomedical images . it builds on top of tensorflow and its high modularity and easy - to - use examples allow for a low - threshold access to state - of - the - art implementations for typical medical imaging problems . a comparison of dltk ' s reference implementations of popular network architectures for image seg ←
→ analog sparse approximation with applications to compressed sensing ; recent research has shown that performance in signal processing tasks can often be significantly improved by using signal models based on sparse representations , where a signal is approximated using a small number of elements from a fixed dictionary . unfortunately , inference in this model involves solving non - smooth optimization problems that are computationally expensive . while significant efforts have focused on developing digital algor ←
→ estimating or propagating gradients through stochastic neurons for conditional computation ; stochastic neurons and hard non - linearities can be useful for a number of reasons in deep learning models , but in many cases they pose a challenging problem : how to estimate the gradient of a loss function with respect to the input of such stochastic or non - smooth neurons ? i . e ., can we " back - propagate " through these stochastic neurons ? we examine this question , existing approaches , and compare four families of sol ←
→ efficient test selection in active diagnosis via entropy approximation ; we consider the problem of diagnosing faults in a system represented by a bayesian network , where diagnosis corresponds to recovering the most likely state of unobserved nodes given the outcomes of tests ( observed nodes ). finding an optimal subset of tests in this setting is intractable in general . we show that it is difficult even to compute the next most - informative test using greedy test selection , as it involves several entropy ter ←
→ what makes kevin spacey look like kevin spacey ; we reconstruct a controllable model of a person from a large photo collection that captures his or her {\ em persona }, i . e ., physical appearance and behavior . the ability to operate on unstructured photo collections enables modeling a huge number of people , including celebrities and other well photographed people without requiring them to be scanned . moreover , we show the ability to drive or {\ em puppeteer } the captured person b using any other video of a diff ←
→ statistical machine translation features with multitask tensor networks ; we present a three - pronged approach to improving statistical machine translation ( smt ), building on recent success in the application of neural networks to smt . first , we propose new features based on neural networks to model various non - local translation phenomena . second , we augment the architecture of the neural network with tensor layers that capture important higher - order interaction among the network units . third , we apply multi ←
→ online keyword spotting with a character - level recurrent neural network ; in this paper , we propose a context - aware keyword spotting model employing a character - level recurrent neural network ( rnn ) for spoken term detection in continuous speech . the rnn is end - to - end trained with connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) to generate the probabilities of character and word - boundary labels . there is no need for the phonetic transcription , senone modeling , or system dictionary in training and testing . also , ←
→ qualitative measures of ambiguity ; this paper introduces a qualitative measure of ambiguity and analyses its relationship with other measures of uncertainty . probability measures relative likelihoods , while ambiguity measures vagueness surrounding those judgments . ambiguity is an important representation of uncertain knowledge . it deals with a different , type of uncertainty modeled by subjective probability or belief .←
→ modeling latent variable uncertainty for loss - based learning ; we consider the problem of parameter estimation using weakly supervised datasets , where a training sample consists of the input and a partially specified annotation , which we refer to as the output . the missing information in the annotation is modeled using latent variables . previous methods overburden a single distribution with two separate tasks : ( i ) modeling the uncertainty in the latent variables during training ; and ( ii ) making accurate pre ←
→ an empirical study of language cnn for image captioning ; language models based on recurrent neural networks have dominated recent image caption generation tasks . in this paper , we introduce a language cnn model which is suitable for statistical language modeling tasks and shows competitive performance in image captioning . in contrast to previous models which predict next word based on one previous word and hidden state , our language cnn is fed with all the previous words and can model the long - range depend ←
→ hybrid technique for effective knowledge representation & a comparative study ; knowledge representation ( kr ) and inference mechanism are most desirable thing to make the system intelligent . system is known to an intelligent if its intelligence is equivalent to the intelligence of human being for a particular domain or general . because of incomplete ambiguous and uncertain information the task of making intelligent system is very difficult . the objective of this paper is to present the hybrid kr technique ←
→ deep learning assisted heuristic tree search for the container pre - marshalling problem ; one of the key challenges for operations researchers solving real - world problems is designing and implementing high - quality heuristics to guide their search procedures . in the past , machine learning techniques have failed to play a major role in operations research approaches , especially in terms of guiding branching and pruning decisions . we integrate deep neural networks into a heuristic tree search procedure to dec ←
→ autoencoder by forest ; auto - encoding is an important task which is typically realized by deep neural networks ( dnns ) such as convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). in this paper , we propose encoderforest ( abbrv . eforest ), the first tree ensemble based auto - encoder . we present a procedure for enabling forests to do backward reconstruction by utilizing the equivalent classes defined by decision paths of the trees , and demonstrate its usage in both supervised and unsupervised setting . experiments show that , com ←
→ learning flexible and reusable locomotion primitives for a microrobot ; the design of gaits for robot locomotion can be a daunting process which requires significant expert knowledge and engineering . this process is even more challenging for robots that do not have an accurate physical model , such as compliant or micro - scale robots . data - driven gait optimization provides an automated alternative to analytical gait design . in this paper , we propose a novel approach to efficiently learn a wide range of locomo ←
→ audio visual emotion recognition with temporal alignment and perception attention ; this paper focuses on two key problems for audio - visual emotion recognition in the video . one is the audio and visual streams temporal alignment for feature level fusion . the other one is locating and re - weighting the perception attentions in the whole audio - visual stream for better recognition . the long short term memory recurrent neural network ( lstm - rnn ) is employed as the main classification architecture . firstly , soft ←
→ a frame tracking model for memory - enhanced dialogue systems ; recently , resources and tasks were proposed to go beyond state tracking in dialogue systems . an example is the frame tracking task , which requires recording multiple frames , one for each user goal set during the dialogue . this allows a user , for instance , to compare items corresponding to different goals . this paper proposes a model which takes as input the list of frames created so far during the dialogue , the current user utterance as well as t ←
→ a comparison of word embeddings for english and cross - lingual chinese word sense disambiguation ; word embeddings are now ubiquitous forms of word representation in natural language processing . there have been applications of word embeddings for monolingual word sense disambiguation ( wsd ) in english , but few comparisons have been done . this paper attempts to bridge that gap by examining popular embeddings for the task of monolingual english wsd . our simplified method leads to comparable state - of - the - art p ←
→ long short - term memory - networks for machine reading ; in this paper we address the question of how to render sequence - level networks better at handling structured input . we propose a machine reading simulator which processes text incrementally from left to right and performs shallow reasoning with memory and attention . the reader extends the long short - term memory architecture with a memory network in place of a single memory cell . this enables adaptive memory usage during recurrence with neural attention , ←
→ integrating logical and probabilistic reasoning for decision making ; we describe a representation and a set of inference methods that combine logic programming techniques with probabilistic network representations for uncertainty ( influence diagrams ). the techniques emphasize the dynamic construction and solution of probabilistic and decision - theoretic models for complex and uncertain domains . given a query , a logical proof is produced if possible ; if not , an influence diagram based on the query and the kn ←
→ quantum consciousness soccer simulator ; in cognitive sciences it is not uncommon to use various games effectively . for example , in artificial intelligence , the robocup initiative was to set up to catalyse research on the field of autonomous agent technology . in this paper , we introduce a similar soccer simulation initiative to try to investigate a model of human consciousness and a notion of reality in the form of a cognitive problem . in addition , for example , the home pitch advantage and the objective rol ←
→ blind facial image quality enhancement using non - rigid semantic patches ; we propose to combine semantic data and registration algorithms to solve various image processing problems such as denoising , super - resolution and color - correction . it is shown how such new techniques can achieve significant quality enhancement , both visually and quantitatively , in the case of facial image enhancement . our model assumes prior high quality data of the person to be processed , but no knowledge of the degradation model . w ←
→ inheritance in object - oriented knowledge representation ; this paper contains the consideration of inheritance mechanism in such knowledge representation models as object - oriented programming , frames and object - oriented dynamic networks . in addition , inheritance within representation of vague and imprecise knowledge are also discussed . new types of inheritance , general classification of all known inheritance types and approach , which allows avoiding in many cases problems with exceptions , redundancy and amb ←
→ towards deeper understanding of variational autoencoding models ; we propose a new family of optimization criteria for variational auto - encoding models , generalizing the standard evidence lower bound . we provide conditions under which they recover the data distribution and learn latent features , and formally show that common issues such as blurry samples and uninformative latent features arise when these conditions are not met . based on these new insights , we propose a new sequential vae model that can gene ←
→ sentiment uncertainty and spam in twitter streams and its implications for general purpose realtime sentiment analysis ; state of the art benchmarks for twitter sentiment analysis do not consider the fact that for more than half of the tweets from the public stream a distinct sentiment cannot be chosen . this paper provides a new perspective on twitter sentiment analysis by highlighting the necessity of explicitly incorporating uncertainty . moreover , a dataset of high quality to evaluate solutions for this ←
→ arbitrary - oriented scene text detection via rotation proposals ; this paper introduces a novel rotation - based framework for arbitrary - oriented text detection in natural scene images . we present the rotation region proposal networks ( rrpn ), which are designed to generate inclined proposals with text orientation angle information . the angle information is then adapted for bounding box regression to make the proposals more accurately fit into the text region in terms of the orientation . the rotation region - of -←
→ weakly supervised spoken term discovery using cross - lingual side information ; recent work on unsupervised term discovery ( utd ) aims to identify and cluster repeated word - like units from audio alone . these systems are promising for some very low - resource languages where transcribed audio is unavailable , or where no written form of the language exists . however , in some cases it may still be feasible ( e . g ., through crowdsourcing ) to obtain ( possibly noisy ) text translations of the audio . if so , this informa ←
→ a sub - block based image retrieval using modified integrated region matching ; this paper proposes a content based image retrieval ( cbir ) system using the local colour and texture features of selected image sub - blocks and global colour and shape features of the image . the image sub - blocks are roughly identified by segmenting the image into partitions of different configuration , finding the edge density in each partition using edge thresholding followed by morphological dilation . the colour and texture feat ←
→ demonstrating hybrid learning in a flexible neuromorphic hardware system ; we present results from a new approach to learning and plasticity in neuromorphic hardware systems : to enable flexibility in implementable learning mechanisms while keeping high efficiency associated with neuromorphic implementations , we combine a general - purpose processor with full - custom analog elements . this processor is operating in parallel with a fully parallel neuromorphic system consisting of an array of synapses connected ←
→ on the reduction of biases in big data sets for the detection of irregular power usage ; in machine learning , a bias occurs whenever training sets are not representative for the test data , which results in unreliable models . the most common biases in data are arguably class imbalance and covariate shift . in this work , we aim to shed light on this topic in order to increase the overall attention to this issue in the field of machine learning . we propose a scalable novel framework for reducing multiple bias ←
→ deep echo state network ( deepesn ): a brief survey ; the study of deep recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) and , in particular , of deep reservoir computing ( rc ) is gaining an increasing research attention in the neural networks community . the recently introduced deep echo state network ( deepesn ) model opened the way to an extremely efficient approach for designing deep neural networks for temporal data . at the same time , the study of deepesns allowed to shed light on the intrinsic properties of state dynamics de ←
→ one class splitting criteria for random forests ; random forests ( rfs ) are strong machine learning tools for classification and regression . however , they remain supervised algorithms , and no extension of rfs to the one - class setting has been proposed , except for techniques based on second - class sampling . this work fills this gap by proposing a natural methodology to extend standard splitting criteria to the one - class setting , structurally generalizing rfs to one - class classification . an extensive benchmark ←
→ spook : a system for probabilistic object - oriented knowledge representation ; in previous work , we pointed out the limitations of standard bayesian networks as a modeling framework for large , complex domains . we proposed a new , richly structured modeling language , { em object - oriented bayesian netorks }, that we argued would be able to deal with such domains . however , it turns out that oobns are not expressive enough to model many interesting aspects of complex domains : the existence of specific named object ←
→ important new developments in arabographic optical character recognition ( ocr ) ; the openiti team has achieved optical character recognition ( ocr ) accuracy rates for classical arabic - script texts in the high nineties . these numbers are based on our tests of seven different arabic - script texts of varying quality and typefaces , totaling over 7 , 000 lines . these accuracy rates not only represent a distinct improvement over the actual accuracy rates of the various proprietary ocr options for classical arabic - s ←
→ automatic text scoring using neural networks ; automated text scoring ( ats ) provides a cost - effective and consistent alternative to human marking . however , in order to achieve good performance , the predictive features of the system need to be manually engineered by human experts . we introduce a model that forms word representations by learning the extent to which specific words contribute to the text ' s score . using long - short term memory networks to represent the meaning of texts , we demonstrate that a full ←
→ paraphrase generation from latent - variable pcfgs for semantic parsing ; one of the limitations of semantic parsing approaches to open - domain question answering is the lexicosyntactic gap between natural language questions and knowledge base entries -- there are many ways to ask a question , all with the same answer . in this paper we propose to bridge this gap by generating paraphrases of the input question with the goal that at least one of them will be correctly mapped to a knowledge - base query . we introduc ←
→ learning character - level compositionality with visual features ; previous work has modeled the compositionality of words by creating character - level models of meaning , reducing problems of sparsity for rare words . however , in many writing systems compositionality has an effect even on the character - level : the meaning of a character is derived by the sum of its parts . in this paper , we model this effect by creating embeddings for characters based on their visual characteristics , creating an image for the cha ←
→ evidence for the size principle in semantic and perceptual domains ; shepard ' s universal law of generalization offered a compelling case for the first physics - like law in cognitive science that should hold for all intelligent agents in the universe . shepard ' s account is based on a rational bayesian model of generalization , providing an answer to the question of why such a law should emerge . extending this account to explain how humans use multiple examples to make better generalizations requires an addition ←
→ stereo matching with color - weighted correlation , hierarchical belief propagation and occlusion handling ; in this paper , we contrive a stereo matching algorithm with careful handling of disparity , discontinuity and occlusion . this algorithm works a worldwide matching stereo model which is based on minimization of energy . the global energy comprises two terms , firstly the data term and secondly the smoothness term . the data term is approximated by a color - weighted correlation , then refined in obstruct and ←
→ statistical mechanics of on - line learning when a moving teacher goes around an unlearnable true teacher ; in the framework of on - line learning , a learning machine might move around a teacher due to the differences in structures or output functions between the teacher and the learning machine . in this paper we analyze the generalization performance of a new student supervised by a moving machine . a model composed of a fixed true teacher , a moving teacher , and a student is treated theoretically using statis ←
→ the adaptability of physiological systems optimizes performance : new directions in augmentation ; this paper contributes to the human - machine interface community in two ways : as a critique of the closed - loop ac ( augmented cognition ) approach , and as a way to introduce concepts from complex systems and systems physiology into the field . of particular relevance is a comparison of the inverted - u ( or gaussian ) model of optimal performance and multidimensional fitness landscape model . hypothetical examples wil ←
→ can deep learning help you find the perfect match ? ; is he / she my type or not ? the answer to this question depends on the personal preferences of the one asking it . the individual process of obtaining a full answer may generally be difficult and time consuming , but often an approximate answer can be obtained simply by looking at a photo of the potential match . such approximate answers based on visual cues can be produced in a fraction of a second , a phenomenon that has led to a series of recently successful ←
→ how to avoid ethically relevant machine consciousness ; this paper discusses the root cause of systems perceiving the self experience and how to exploit adaptive and learning features without introducing ethically problematic system properties .←
→ weakly supervised 3d reconstruction with adversarial constraint ; supervised 3d reconstruction has witnessed a significant progress through the use of deep neural networks . however , this increase in performance requires large scale annotations of 2d / 3d data . in this paper , we explore inexpensive 2d supervision as an alternative for expensive 3d cad annotation . specifically , we use foreground masks as weak supervision through a raytrace pooling layer that enables perspective projection and backpropagation . a ←
→ contrastive learning for image captioning ; image captioning , a popular topic in computer vision , has achieved substantial progress in recent years . however , the distinctiveness of natural descriptions is often overlooked in previous work . it is closely related to the quality of captions , as distinctive captions are more likely to describe images with their unique aspects . in this work , we propose a new learning method , contrastive learning ( cl ), for image captioning . specifically , via two constraints formu ←
→ learning social relation traits from face images ; social relation defines the association , e . g , warm , friendliness , and dominance , between two or more people . motivated by psychological studies , we investigate if such fine - grained and high - level relation traits can be characterised and quantified from face images in the wild . to address this challenging problem we propose a deep model that learns a rich face representation to capture gender , expression , head pose , and age - related attributes , and then perfo ←
→ distributed stochastic optimization of the regularized risk ; many machine learning algorithms minimize a regularized risk , and stochastic optimization is widely used for this task . when working with massive data , it is desirable to perform stochastic optimization in parallel . unfortunately , many existing stochastic optimization algorithms cannot be parallelized efficiently . in this paper we show that one can rewrite the regularized risk minimization problem as an equivalent saddle - point problem , and propos ←
→ learning data - driven reflectance priors for intrinsic image decomposition ; we propose a data - driven approach for intrinsic image decomposition , which is the process of inferring the confounding factors of reflectance and shading in an image . we pose this as a two - stage learning problem . first , we train a model to predict relative reflectance ordering between image patches (` brighter ', ` darker ', ` same ') from large - scale human annotations , producing a data - driven reflectance prior . second , we show how to n ←
→ deep transform : time - domain audio error correction via probabilistic re - synthesis ; in the process of recording , storage and transmission of time - domain audio signals , errors may be introduced that are difficult to correct in an unsupervised way . here , we train a convolutional deep neural network to re - synthesize input time - domain speech signals at its output layer . we then use this abstract transformation , which we call a deep transform ( dt ), to perform probabilistic re - synthesis on further speech ( of th ←
→ nearest neighbour radial basis function solvers for deep neural networks ; we present a radial basis function solver for convolutional neural networks that can be directly applied to both distance metric learning and classification problems . our method treats all training features from a deep neural network as radial basis function centres and computes loss by summing the influence of a feature ' s nearby centres in the embedding space . having a radial basis function centred on each training feature is made s ←
→ column networks for collective classification ; relational learning deals with data that are characterized by relational structures . an important task is collective classification , which is to jointly classify networked objects . while it holds a great promise to produce a better accuracy than non - collective classifiers , collective classification is computational challenging and has not leveraged on the recent breakthroughs of deep learning . we present column network ( cln ), a novel deep learning model for co ←
→ abnormal heartbeat detection using recurrent neural networks ; the observation and management of cardiac features ( using automated cardiac auscultation ) is of significant interest to the healthcare community . in this work , we propose for the first time the use of recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) for automated cardiac auscultation and detection of abnormal heartbeat detection . the application of rnns for this task is compelling since rnns represent the deep learning technique most adept at dealing with seque ←
→ left - corner methods for syntactic modeling with universal structural constraints ; the primary goal in this thesis is to identify better syntactic constraint or bias , that is language independent but also efficiently exploitable during sentence processing . we focus on a particular syntactic construction called center - embedding , which is well studied in psycholinguistics and noted to cause particular difficulty for comprehension . since people use language as a tool for communication , one expects such compl ←
→ a bagging svm to learn from positive and unlabeled examples ; we consider the problem of learning a binary classifier from a training set of positive and unlabeled examples , both in the inductive and in the transductive setting . this problem , often referred to as \ emph { pu learning }, differs from the standard supervised classification problem by the lack of negative examples in the training set . it corresponds to an ubiquitous situation in many applications such as information retrieval or gene ranking , when ←
→ towards log - linear logics with concrete domains ; we present $\ mathcal { mel }^{++}$ ( m denotes markov logic networks ) an extension of the log - linear description logics $\ mathcal { el }^{++}$- ll with concrete domains , nominals , and instances . we use markov logic networks ( mlns ) in order to find the most probable , classified and coherent $\ mathcal { el }^{++}$ ontology from an $\ mathcal { mel }^{++}$ knowledge base . in particular , we develop a novel way to deal with concrete domains ( also known as datatypes ) by extendin ←
→ interpreting dnn output layer activations : a strategy to cope with unseen data in speech recognition ; unseen data can degrade performance of deep neural net acoustic models . to cope with unseen data , adaptation techniques are deployed . for unlabeled unseen data , one must generate some hypothesis given an existing model , which is used as the label for model adaptation . however , assessing the goodness of the hypothesis can be difficult , and an erroneous hypothesis can lead to poorly trained models . in such ←
→ algorithmic simplicity and relevance ; the human mind is known to be sensitive to complexity . for instance , the visual system reconstructs hidden parts of objects following a principle of maximum simplicity . we suggest here that higher cognitive processes , such as the selection of relevant situations , are sensitive to variations of complexity . situations are relevant to human beings when they appear simpler to describe than to generate . this definition offers a predictive ( i . e . falsifiable ) model for the se ←
→ semi - supervised clustering ensemble by voting ; clustering ensemble is one of the most recent advances in unsupervised learning . it aims to combine the clustering results obtained using different algorithms or from different runs of the same clustering algorithm for the same data set , this is accomplished using on a consensus function , the efficiency and accuracy of this method has been proven in many works in literature . in the first part of this paper we make a comparison among current approaches to clust ←
→ opportunistic adaptation knowledge discovery ; adaptation has long been considered as the achilles ' heel of case - based reasoning since it requires some domain - specific knowledge that is difficult to acquire . in this paper , two strategies are combined in order to reduce the knowledge engineering cost induced by the adaptation knowledge ( ca ) acquisition task : ca is learned from the case base by the means of knowledge discovery techniques , and the ca acquisition sessions are opportunistically triggered , i . e ., ←
→ hubiness , length , crossings and their relationships in dependency trees ; here tree dependency structures are studied from three different perspectives : their degree variance ( hubiness ), the mean dependency length and the number of dependency crossings . bounds that reveal pairwise dependencies among these three metrics are derived . hubiness ( the variance of degrees ) plays a central role : the mean dependency length is bounded below by hubiness while the number of crossings is bounded above by hubiness . our f ←
→ a simple cw - ssim kernel - based nearest neighbor method for handwritten digit classification ; we propose a simple kernel based nearest neighbor approach for handwritten digit classification . the " distance " here is actually a kernel defining the similarity between two images . we carefully study the effects of different number of neighbors and weight schemes and report the results . with only a few nearest neighbors ( or most similar images ) to vote , the test set error rate on mnist database could reach about ←
→ in the sight of my wearable camera : classifying my visual experience ; we introduce and we analyze a new dataset which resembles the input to biological vision systems much more than most previously published ones . our analysis leaded to several important conclusions . first , it is possible to disambiguate over dozens of visual scenes ( locations ) encountered over the course of several weeks of a human life with accuracy of over 80 %, and this opens up possibility for numerous novel vision applications , from e ←
→ diagonal rescaling for neural networks ; we define a second - order neural network stochastic gradient training algorithm whose block - diagonal structure effectively amounts to normalizing the unit activations . investigating why this algorithm lacks in robustness then reveals two interesting insights . the first insight suggests a new way to scale the stepsizes , clarifying popular algorithms such as rmsprop as well as old neural network tricks such as fanin stepsize scaling . the second insight stresses the prac ←
→ a machine learning approach to quantitative prosopography ; prosopography is an investigation of the common characteristics of a group of people in history , by a collective study of their lives . it involves a study of biographies to solve historical problems . if such biographies are unavailable , surviving documents and secondary biographical data are used . quantitative prosopography involves analysis of information from a wide variety of sources about " ordinary people ". in this paper , we present a machine l ←
→ an automated size recognition technique for acetabular implant in total hip replacement ; preoperative templating in total hip replacement ( thr ) is a method to estimate the optimal size and position of the implant . today , observational ( manual ) size recognition techniques are still used to find a suitable implant for the patient . therefore , a digital and automated technique should be developed so that the implant size recognition process can be effectively implemented . for this purpose , we have introduced ←
→ recovering articulated object models from 3d range data ; we address the problem of unsupervised learning of complex articulated object models from 3d range data . we describe an algorithm whose input is a set of meshes corresponding to different configurations of an articulated object . the algorithm automatically recovers a decomposition of the object into approximately rigid parts , the location of the parts in the different object instances , and the articulated object skeleton linking the parts . our algori ←
→ a novel approach for image segmentation based on histograms computed from hue - data ; computer vision is growing day by day in terms of user specific applications . the first step of any such application is segmenting an image . in this paper , we propose a novel and grass - root level image segmentation algorithm for cases in which the background has uniform color distribution . this algorithm can be used for images of flowers , birds , insects and many more where such background conditions occur . by image segmen ←
→ impact of cognitive radio on future management of spectrum ; cognitive radio is a breakthrough technology which is expected to have a profound impact on the way radio spectrum will be accessed , managed and shared in the future . in this paper i examine some of the implications of cognitive radio for future management of spectrum . both a near - term view involving the opportunistic spectrum access model and a longer - term view involving a self - regulating dynamic spectrum access model within a society of cognitiv ←
→ learning to transfer ; transfer learning borrows knowledge from a source domain to facilitate learning in a target domain . two primary issues to be addressed in transfer learning are what and how to transfer . for a pair of domains , adopting different transfer learning algorithms results in different knowledge transferred between them . to discover the optimal transfer learning algorithm that maximally improves the learning performance in the target domain , researchers have to exhaustively explore all existin ←
→ semantic video segmentation : exploring inference efficiency ; we explore the efficiency of the crf inference beyond image level semantic segmentation and perform joint inference in video frames . the key idea is to combine best of two worlds : semantic co - labeling and more expressive models . our formulation enables us to perform inference over ten thousand images within seconds and makes the system amenable to perform video semantic segmentation most effectively . on camvid dataset , with textonboost unaries , ←
→ denoising adversarial autoencoders ; unsupervised learning is of growing interest because it unlocks the potential held in vast amounts of unlabelled data to learn useful representations for inference . autoencoders , a form of generative model , may be trained by learning to reconstruct unlabelled input data from a latent representation space . more robust representations may be produced by an autoencoder if it learns to recover clean input samples from corrupted ones . representations may be further improved b ←
→ open science in machine learning ; we present openml and mldata , open science platforms that provides easy access to machine learning data , software and results to encourage further study and application . they go beyond the more traditional repositories for data sets and software packages in that they allow researchers to also easily share the results they obtained in experiments and to compare their solutions with those of others .←
→ reducing statistical time - series problems to binary classification ; we show how binary classification methods developed to work on i . i . d . data can be used for solving statistical problems that are seemingly unrelated to classification and concern highly - dependent time series . specifically , the problems of time - series clustering , homogeneity testing and the three - sample problem are addressed . the algorithms that we construct for solving these problems are based on a new metric between time - series distributi ←
→ modelling complexity in musical rhythm ; this paper constructs a tree structure for the music rhythm using the l - system . it models the structure as an automata and derives its complexity . it also solves the complexity for the l - system . this complexity can resolve the similarity between trees . this complexity serves as a measure of psychological complexity for rhythms . it resolves the music complexity of various compositions including the mozart effect k488 . keyword : music perception , psychological complex ←
→ predicting hurricane trajectories using a recurrent neural network ; hurricanes are cyclones circulating about a defined center whose closed wind speeds exceed 75 mph originating over tropical and subtropical waters . at landfall , hurricanes can result in severe disasters . the accuracy of predicting their trajectory paths is critical to reduce economic loss and save human lives . given the complexity and nonlinearity of weather data , a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) could be beneficial in modeling hurricane b ←
→ monte carlo localization in hand - drawn maps ; robot localization is a one of the most important problems in robotics . most of the existing approaches assume that the map of the environment is available beforehand and focus on accurate metrical localization . in this paper , we address the localization problem when the map of the environment is not present beforehand , and the robot relies on a hand - drawn map from a non - expert user . we addressed this problem by expressing the robot pose in the pixel coordinate ←
→ dags with no tears : smooth optimization for structure learning ; estimating the structure of directed acyclic graphs ( dags , also known as bayesian networks ) is a challenging problem since the search space of dags is combinatorial and scales superexponentially with the number of nodes . existing approaches rely on various local heuristics for enforcing the acyclicity constraint and are not well - suited to general purpose optimization packages for their solution . in this paper , we introduce a fundamentally diff ←
→ abstract attribute exploration with partial object descriptions ; attribute exploration has been investigated in several studies , with particular emphasis on the algorithmic aspects of this knowledge acquisition method . in its basic version the method itself is rather simple and transparent . but when background knowledge and partially described counter - examples are admitted , it gets more difficult . here we discuss this case in an abstract , somewhat " axiomatic " setting , providing a terminology that clarifies ←
→ representation learning for grounded spatial reasoning ; the interpretation of spatial references is highly contextual , requiring joint inference over both language and the environment . we consider the task of spatial reasoning in a simulated environment , where an agent can act and receive rewards . the proposed model learns a representation of the world steered by instruction text . this design allows for precise alignment of local neighborhoods with corresponding verbalizations , while also handling global r ←
→ deep learning for electromyographic hand gesture signal classification by leveraging transfer learning ; in recent years , the use of deep learning algorithms has become increasingly more prominent . within the field of electromyography - based gesture recognition however , deep learning algorithms are seldom employed . this is due in part to the large quantity of data required for the network to train on . the data sparsity arises from the fact that it would take an unreasonable amount of time for a single pers ←
→ deep - learned collision avoidance policy for distributed multi - agent navigation ; high - speed , low - latency obstacle avoidance that is insensitive to sensor noise is essential for enabling multiple decentralized robots to function reliably in cluttered and dynamic environments . while other distributed multi - agent collision avoidance systems exist , these systems require online geometric optimization where tedious parameter tuning and perfect sensing are necessary . we present a novel end - to - end framework to ←
→ utilização de grafos e matriz de similaridade na sumarização automática de documentos baseada em extração de frases ; the internet increased the amount of information available . however , the reading and understanding of this information are costly tasks . in this scenario , the natural language processing ( nlp ) applications enable very important solutions , highlighting the automatic text summarization ( ats ), which produce a summary from one or more source texts . automatically summarizing one or more texts , ←
→ empirical review of standard benchmark functions using evolutionary global optimization ; we have employed a recent implementation of genetic algorithms to study a range of standard benchmark functions for global optimization . it turns out that some of them are not very useful as challenging test functions , since they neither allow for a discrimination between different variants of genetic operators nor exhibit a dimensionality scaling resembling that of real - world problems , for example that of global str ←
→ learning less - overlapping representations ; in representation learning ( rl ), how to make the learned representations easy to interpret and less overfitted to training data are two important but challenging issues . to address these problems , we study a new type of regulariza - tion approach that encourages the supports of weight vectors in rl models to have small overlap , by simultaneously promoting near - orthogonality among vectors and sparsity of each vector . we apply the proposed regularizer to two models : ←
→ distribution of mutual information from complete and incomplete data ; mutual information is widely used , in a descriptive way , to measure the stochastic dependence of categorical random variables . in order to address questions such as the reliability of the descriptive value , one must consider sample - to - population inferential approaches . this paper deals with the posterior distribution of mutual information , as obtained in a bayesian framework by a second - order dirichlet prior distribution . the exact analy ←
→ evidential force aggregation ; in this paper we develop an evidential force aggregation method intended for classification of evidential intelligence into recognized force structures . we assume that the intelligence has already been partitioned into clusters and use the classification method individually in each cluster . the classification is based on a measure of fitness between template and fused intelligence that makes it possible to handle intelligence reports with multiple nonspecific and uncertain pro ←
→ graphical representations of consensus belief ; graphical models based on conditional independence support concise encodings of the subjective belief of a single agent . a natural question is whether the consensus belief of a group of agents can be represented with equal parsimony . we prove , under relatively mild assumptions , that even if everyone agrees on a common graph topology , no method of combining beliefs can maintain that structure . even weaker conditions rule out local aggregation within conditional ←
→ long - term multi - granularity deep framework for driver drowsiness detection ; for real - world driver drowsiness detection from videos , the variation of head pose is so large that the existing methods on global face is not capable of extracting effective features , such as looking aside and lowering head . temporal dependencies with variable length are also rarely considered by the previous approaches , e . g ., yawning and speaking . in this paper , we propose a long - term multi - granularity deep framework to detect ←
→ analyzing and improving stein variational gradient descent for high - dimensional marginal inference ; stein variational gradient descent ( svgd ) is a nonparametric inference method , which iteratively transports a set of randomly initialized particles to approximate a differentiable target distribution , along the direction that maximally decreases the kl divergence within a vector - valued reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ). compared to monte carlo methods , svgd is particle - efficient because of the repuls ←
→ learning better word embedding by asymmetric low - rank projection of knowledge graph ; word embedding , which refers to low - dimensional dense vector representations of natural words , has demonstrated its power in many natural language processing tasks . however , it may suffer from the inaccurate and incomplete information contained in the free text corpus as training data . to tackle this challenge , there have been quite a few works that leverage knowledge graphs as an additional information source to improve ←
→ handwritten bangla basic and compound character recognition using mlp and svm classifier ; a novel approach for recognition of handwritten compound bangla characters , along with the basic characters of bangla alphabet , is presented here . compared to english like roman script , one of the major stumbling blocks in optical character recognition ( ocr ) of handwritten bangla script is the large number of complex shaped character classes of bangla alphabet . in addition to 50 basic character classes , there are ne ←
→ a fast and compact saliency score regression network based on fully convolutional network ; visual saliency detection aims at identifying the most visually distinctive parts in an image , and serves as a pre - processing step for a variety of computer vision and image processing tasks . to this end , the saliency detection procedure must be as fast and compact as possible and optimally processes input images in a real time manner . it is an essential application requirement for the saliency detection task . howe ←
→ an integrated and scalable platform for proactive event - driven traffic management ; traffic on freeways can be managed by means of ramp meters from road traffic control rooms . human operators cannot efficiently manage a network of ramp meters . to support them , we present an intelligent platform for traffic management which includes a new ramp metering coordination scheme in the decision making module , an efficient dashboard for interacting with human operators , machine learning tools for learning event de ←
→ constraint processing in lifted probabilistic inference ; first - order probabilistic models combine representational power of first - order logic with graphical models . there is an ongoing effort to design lifted inference algorithms for first - order probabilistic models . we analyze lifted inference from the perspective of constraint processing and , through this viewpoint , we analyze and compare existing approaches and expose their advantages and limitations . our theoretical results show that the wrong choice o ←
→ domain generalization for object recognition with multi - task autoencoders ; the problem of domain generalization is to take knowledge acquired from a number of related domains where training data is available , and to then successfully apply it to previously unseen domains . we propose a new feature learning algorithm , multi - task autoencoder ( mtae ), that provides good generalization performance for cross - domain object recognition . our algorithm extends the standard denoising autoencoder framework by subst ←
→ dependency resolution and semantic mining using tree adjoining grammars for tamil language ; tree adjoining grammars ( tags ) provide an ample tool to capture syntax of many indian languages . tamil represents a special challenge to computational formalisms as it has extensive agglutinative morphology and a comparatively difficult argument structure . modelling tamil syntax and morphology using tag is an interesting problem which has not been in focus even though tags are over 4 decades old , since its incepti ←
→ are gans created equal ? a large - scale study ; generative adversarial networks ( gan ) are a powerful subclass of generative models . despite a very rich research activity leading to numerous interesting gan algorithms , it is still very hard to assess which algorithm ( s ) perform better than others . we conduct a neutral , multi - faceted large - scale empirical study on state - of - the art models and evaluation measures . we find that most models can reach similar scores with enough hyperparameter optimization and random ←
→ simultaneous optimization of neural network weights and active nodes using metaheuristics ; optimization of neural network ( nn ) significantly influenced by the transfer function used in its active nodes . it has been observed that the homogeneity in the activation nodes does not provide the best solution . therefore , the customizable transfer functions whose underlying parameters are subjected to optimization were used to provide heterogeneity to nn . for the experimental purpose , a meta - heuristic framework ←
→ learning rgb - d salient object detection using background enclosure , depth contrast , and top - down features ; recently , deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have demonstrated strong performance on rgb salient object detection . although , depth information can help improve detection results , the exploration of cnns for rgb - d salient object detection remains limited . here we propose a novel deep cnn architecture for rgb - d salient object detection that exploits high - level , mid - level , and low level features .←
→ computer poker research at liacc ; computer poker ' s unique characteristics present a well - suited challenge for research in artificial intelligence . for that reason , and due to the poker ' s market increase in popularity in portugal since 2008 , several members of liacc have researched in this field . several works were published as papers and master theses and more recently a member of liacc engaged on a research in this area as a ph . d . thesis in order to develop a more extensive and in - depth work . this paper d ←
→ striving for simplicity : the all convolutional net ; most modern convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) used for object recognition are built using the same principles : alternating convolution and max - pooling layers followed by a small number of fully connected layers . we re - evaluate the state of the art for object recognition from small images with convolutional networks , questioning the necessity of different components in the pipeline . we find that max - pooling can simply be replaced by a convolutional laye ←
→ evaluating neural word representations in tensor - based compositional settings ; we provide a comparative study between neural word representations and traditional vector spaces based on co - occurrence counts , in a number of compositional tasks . we use three different semantic spaces and implement seven tensor - based compositional models , which we then test ( together with simpler additive and multiplicative approaches ) in tasks involving verb disambiguation and sentence similarity . to check their scalability ←
→ memory - augmented chinese - uyghur neural machine translation ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) has achieved notable performance recently . however , this approach has not been widely applied to the translation task between chinese and uyghur , partly due to the limited parallel data resource and the large proportion of rare words caused by the agglutinative nature of uyghur . in this paper , we collect ~ 200 , 000 sentence pairs and show that with this middle - scale database , an attention - based nmt can perform very w ←
→ graph - based compression of dynamic 3d point cloud sequences ; this paper addresses the problem of compression of 3d point cloud sequences that are characterized by moving 3d positions and color attributes . as temporally successive point cloud frames are similar , motion estimation is key to effective compression of these sequences . it however remains a challenging problem as the point cloud frames have varying numbers of points without explicit correspondence information . we represent the time - varying geomet ←
→ robustness of voice conversion techniques under mismatched conditions ; most of the existing studies on voice conversion ( vc ) are conducted in acoustically matched conditions between source and target signal . however , the robustness of vc methods in presence of mismatch remains unknown . in this paper , we report a comparative analysis of different vc techniques under mismatched conditions . the extensive experiments with five different vc techniques on cmu arctic corpus suggest that performance of vc methods ←
→ changing views on curves and surfaces ; visual events in computer vision are studied from the perspective of algebraic geometry . given a sufficiently general curve or surface in 3 - space , we consider the image or contour curve that arises by projecting from a viewpoint . qualitative changes in that curve occur when the viewpoint crosses the visual event surface . we examine the components of this ruled surface , and observe that these coincide with the iterated singular loci of the coisotropic hypersurfaces ass ←
→ bayesian differential privacy through posterior sampling ; differential privacy formalises privacy - preserving mechanisms that provide access to a database . we pose the question of whether bayesian inference itself can be used directly to provide private access to data , with no modification . the answer is affirmative : under certain conditions on the prior , sampling from the posterior distribution can be used to achieve a desired level of privacy and utility . to do so , we generalise differential privacy to ar ←
→ automatic discovery and optimization of parts for image classification ; part - based representations have been shown to be very useful for image classification . learning part - based models is often viewed as a two - stage problem . first , a collection of informative parts is discovered , using heuristics that promote part distinctiveness and diversity , and then classifiers are trained on the vector of part responses . in this paper we unify the two stages and learn the image classifiers and a set of shared parts j ←
→ discriminative bayesian dictionary learning for classification ; we propose a bayesian approach to learn discriminative dictionaries for sparse representation of data . the proposed approach infers probability distributions over the atoms of a discriminative dictionary using a beta process . it also computes sets of bernoulli distributions that associate class labels to the learned dictionary atoms . this association signifies the selection probabilities of the dictionary atoms in the expansion of class - specif ←
→ attention clusters : purely attention based local feature integration for video classification ; recently , substantial research effort has focused on how to apply cnns or rnns to better extract temporal patterns from videos , so as to improve the accuracy of video classification . in this paper , however , we show that temporal information , especially longer - term patterns , may not be necessary to achieve competitive results on common video classification datasets . we investigate the potential of a purely atten ←
→ the rate of convergence of adaboost ; the adaboost algorithm was designed to combine many " weak " hypotheses that perform slightly better than random guessing into a " strong " hypothesis that has very low error . we study the rate at which adaboost iteratively converges to the minimum of the " exponential loss ." unlike previous work , our proofs do not require a weak - learning assumption , nor do they require that minimizers of the exponential loss are finite . our first result shows that at iteration $ t $, the expo ←
→ a separation principle for control in the age of deep learning ; we review the problem of defining and inferring a " state " for a control system based on complex , high - dimensional , highly uncertain measurement streams such as videos . such a state , or representation , should contain all and only the information needed for control , and discount nuisance variability in the data . it should also have finite complexity , ideally modulated depending on available resources . this representation is what we want to store ←
→ end - to - end learning of semantic grasping ; we consider the task of semantic robotic grasping , in which a robot picks up an object of a user - specified class using only monocular images . inspired by the two - stream hypothesis of visual reasoning , we present a semantic grasping framework that learns object detection , classification , and grasp planning in an end - to - end fashion . a " ventral stream " recognizes object class while a " dorsal stream " simultaneously interprets the geometric relationships necessary to ex ←
→ probabilistic active learning of functions in structural causal models ; we consider the problem of learning the functions computing children from parents in a structural causal model once the underlying causal graph has been identified . this is in some sense the second step after causal discovery . taking a probabilistic approach to estimating these functions , we derive a natural myopic active learning scheme that identifies the intervention which is optimally informative about all of the unknown functions ←
→ real time video analysis using smart phone camera for stroboscopic image ; motion capturing and there by segmentation of the motion of any moving object from a sequence of continuous images or a video is not an exceptional task in computer vision area . smart - phone camera application is an added integration for the development of such tasks and it also provides for a smooth testing . a new approach has been proposed for segmenting out the foreground moving object from the background and then masking the seque ←
→ simulated penetration testing and mitigation analysis ; penetration testing is a well - established practical concept for the identification of potentially exploitable security weaknesses and an important component of a security audit . providing a holistic security assessment for networks consisting of several hundreds hosts is hardly feasible though without some sort of mechanization . mitigation , prioritizing counter - measures subject to a given budget , currently lacks a solid theoretical understanding and i ←
→ symbolic analysis - based reduced order markov modeling of time series data ; this paper presents a technique for reduced - order markov modeling for compact representation of time - series data . in this work , symbolic dynamics - based tools have been used to infer an approximate generative markov model . the time - series data are first symbolized by partitioning the continuous measurement space of the signal and then , the discrete sequential data are modeled using symbolic dynamics . in the proposed approach , the s ←
→ improved search in hamming space using deep multi - index hashing ; similarity - preserving hashing is a widely - used method for nearest neighbour search in large - scale image retrieval tasks . there has been considerable research on generating efficient image representation via the deep - network - based hashing methods . however , the issue of efficient searching in the deep representation space remains largely unsolved . to this end , we propose a simple yet efficient deep - network - based multi - index hashing method for s ←
→ on the convergence and consistency of the blurring mean - shift process ; the mean - shift algorithm is a popular algorithm in computer vision and image processing . it can also be cast as a minimum gamma - divergence estimation . in this paper we focus on the " blurring " mean shift algorithm , which is one version of the mean - shift process that successively blurs the dataset . the analysis of the blurring mean - shift is relatively more complicated compared to the nonblurring version , yet the algorithm convergence and ←
→ unsupervised visual - linguistic reference resolution in instructional videos ; we propose an unsupervised method for reference resolution in instructional videos , where the goal is to temporally link an entity ( e . g ., " dressing ") to the action ( e . g ., " mix yogurt ") that produced it . the key challenge is the inevitable visual - linguistic ambiguities arising from the changes in both visual appearance and referring expression of an entity in the video . this challenge is amplified by the fact that we aim to resol ←
→ towards understanding and modelling office daily life ; measuring and modeling human behavior is a very complex task . in this paper we present our initial thoughts on modeling and automatic recognition of some human activities in an office . we argue that to successfully model human activities , we need to consider both individual behavior and group dynamics . to demonstrate these theoretical approaches , we introduce an experimental system for analyzing everyday activity in our office .←
→ graph - sparse logistic regression ; we introduce graph - sparse logistic regression , a new algorithm for classification for the case in which the support should be sparse but connected on a graph . we val - idate this algorithm against synthetic data and benchmark it against l1 - regularized logistic regression . we then explore our technique in the bioinformatics context of proteomics data on the interactome graph . we make all our experimental code public and provide gslr as an open source package .←
→ a branch - and - bound algorithm for mdl learning bayesian networks ; this paper extends the work in [ suzuki , 1996 ] and presents an efficient depth - first branch - and - bound algorithm for learning bayesian network structures , based on the minimum description length ( mdl ) principle , for a given ( consistent ) variable ordering . the algorithm exhaustively searches through all network structures and guarantees to find the network with the best mdl score . preliminary experiments show that the algorithm is efficient , and ←
→ a minimum relative entropy controller for undiscounted markov decision processes ; adaptive control problems are notoriously difficult to solve even in the presence of plant - specific controllers . one way to by - pass the intractable computation of the optimal policy is to restate the adaptive control as the minimization of the relative entropy of a controller that ignores the true plant dynamics from an informed controller . the solution is given by the bayesian control rule - a set of equations characterizing ←
→ effective face landmark localization via single deep network ; in this paper , we propose a novel face alignment method using single deep network ( sdn ) on existing limited training data . rather than using a max - pooling layer followed one convolutional layer in typical convolutional neural networks ( cnn ), sdn adopts a stack of 3 layer groups instead . each group layer contains two convolutional layers and a max - pooling layer , which can extract the features hierarchically . moreover , an effective data augmentati ←
→ generating appealing brand names ; providing appealing brand names to newly launched products , newly formed companies or for renaming existing companies is highly important as it can play a crucial role in deciding its success or failure . in this work , we propose a computational method to generate appealing brand names based on the description of such entities . we use quantitative scores for readability , pronounceability , memorability and uniqueness of the generated names to rank order them . a set of divers ←
→ blind signal separation in the presence of gaussian noise ; a prototypical blind signal separation problem is the so - called cocktail party problem , with n people talking simultaneously and n different microphones within a room . the goal is to recover each speech signal from the microphone inputs . mathematically this can be modeled by assuming that we are given samples from an n - dimensional random variable x = as , where s is a vector whose coordinates are independent random variables corresponding to each spea ←
→ a unified convex surrogate for the schatten -$ p $ norm ; the schatten -$ p $ norm ($ 0 < p < 1 $) has been widely used to replace the nuclear norm for better approximating the rank function . however , existing methods are either 1 ) not scalable for large scale problems due to relying on singular value decomposition ( svd ) in every iteration , or 2 ) specific to some $ p $ values , e . g ., $ 1 / 2 $, and $ 2 / 3 $. in this paper , we show that for any $ p $, $ p_1 $, and $ p_2 > 0 $ satisfying $ 1 / p = 1 / p_1 + 1 / p_2 $, there is an equivalence between ←
→ general quantum hilbert space modeling scheme for entanglement ; we work out a classification scheme for quantum modeling in hilbert space of any kind of composite entity violating bell ' s inequalities and exhibiting entanglement . our theoretical framework includes situations with entangled states and product measurements (' customary quantum situation '), and also situations with both entangled states and entangled measurements (' nonlocal box situation ', ' nonlocal non - marginal box situation '). we show that en ←
→ to understand deep learning we need to understand kernel learning ; generalization performance of classifiers in deep learning has recently become a subject of intense study . heavily over - parametrized deep models tend to fit training data exactly . despite overfitting , they perform well on test data , a phenomenon not yet fully understood . the first point of our paper is that strong performance of overfitted classifiers is not a unique feature of deep learning . using real - world and synthetic datasets , we es ←
→ kernel two - sample hypothesis testing using kernel set classification ; the two - sample hypothesis testing problem is studied for the challenging scenario of high dimensional data sets with small sample sizes . we show that the two - sample hypothesis testing problem can be posed as a one - class set classification problem . in the set classification problem the goal is to classify a set of data points that are assumed to have a common class . we prove that the average probability of error given a set is less than o ←
→ topicrnn : a recurrent neural network with long - range semantic dependency ; in this paper , we propose topicrnn , a recurrent neural network ( rnn )- based language model designed to directly capture the global semantic meaning relating words in a document via latent topics . because of their sequential nature , rnns are good at capturing the local structure of a word sequence - both semantic and syntactic - but might face difficulty remembering long - range dependencies . intuitively , these long - range dependencies ar ←
→ graph - based semi - supervised learning for relational networks ; we address the problem of semi - supervised learning in relational networks , networks in which nodes are entities and links are the relationships or interactions between them . typically this problem is confounded with the problem of graph - based semi - supervised learning ( gssl ), because both problems represent the data as a graph and predict the missing class labels of nodes . however , not all graphs are created equally . in gssl a graph is constructe ←
→ person re - identification by local maximal occurrence representation and metric learning ; person re - identification is an important technique towards automatic search of a person ' s presence in a surveillance video . two fundamental problems are critical for person re - identification , feature representation and metric learning . an effective feature representation should be robust to illumination and viewpoint changes , and a discriminant metric should be learned to match various person images . in this paper , w ←
→ in - place activated batchnorm for memory - optimized training of dnns ; in this work we present in - place activated batch normalization ( inplace - abn ) - a novel approach to drastically reduce the training memory footprint of modern deep neural networks in a computationally efficient way . our solution substitutes the conventionally used succession of batchnorm + activation layers with a single plugin layer , hence avoiding invasive framework surgery while providing straightforward applicability for existing deep l ←
→ robust actor - critic contextual bandit for mobile health ( mhealth ) interventions ; we consider the actor - critic contextual bandit for the mobile health ( mhealth ) intervention . state - of - the - art decision - making algorithms generally ignore the outliers in the dataset . in this paper , we propose a novel robust contextual bandit method for the mhealth . it can achieve the conflicting goal of reducing the influence of outliers while seeking for a similar solution compared with the state - of - the - art contextual bandi ←
→ nintendo super smash bros . melee : an " untouchable " agent ; nintendo ' s super smash bros . melee fighting game can be emulated on modern hardware allowing us to inspect internal memory states , such as character positions . we created an ai that avoids being hit by training using these internal memory states and outputting controller button presses . after training on a month ' s worth of melee matches , our best agent learned to avoid the toughest ai built into the game for a full minute 74 . 6 % of the time .←
→ a linear - programming approximation of ac power flows ; linear active - power - only dc power flow approximations are pervasive in the planning and control of power systems . however , these approximations fail to capture reactive power and voltage magnitudes , both of which are necessary in many applications to ensure voltage stability and ac power flow feasibility . this paper proposes linear - programming models ( the lpac models ) that incorporate reactive power and voltage magnitudes in a linear power flow approxim ←
→ classification of fused face images using multilayer perceptron neural network ; this paper presents a concept of image pixel fusion of visual and thermal faces , which can significantly improve the overall performance of a face recognition system . several factors affect face recognition performance including pose variations , facial expression changes , occlusions , and most importantly illumination changes . so , image pixel fusion of thermal and visual images is a solution to overcome the drawbacks present i ←
→ the importance of automatic syntactic features in vietnamese named entity recognition ; this paper presents a state - of - the - art system for vietnamese named entity recognition ( ner ). by incorporating automatic syntactic features with word embeddings as input for bidirectional long short - term memory ( bi - lstm ), our system , although simpler than some deep learning architectures , achieves a much better result for vietnamese ner . the proposed method achieves an overall f1 score of 92 . 05 % on the test set of an ev ←
→ using semantic similarity for input topic identification in crawling - based web application testing ; to automatically test web applications , crawling - based techniques are usually adopted to mine the behavior models , explore the state spaces or detect the violated invariants of the applications . however , in existing crawlers , rules for identifying the topics of input text fields , such as login ids , passwords , emails , dates and phone numbers , have to be manually configured . moreover , the rules for one appli ←
→ market - based reinforcement learning in partially observable worlds ; unlike traditional reinforcement learning ( rl ), market - based rl is in principle applicable to worlds described by partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ), where an agent needs to learn short - term memories of relevant previous events in order to execute optimal actions . most previous work , however , has focused on reactive settings ( mdps ) instead of pomdps . here we reimplement a recent approach to market - based rl and for the ←
→ margin : uncovering deep neural networks using graph signal analysis ; interpretability has emerged as a crucial aspect of machine learning , aimed at providing insights into the working of complex neural networks . however , existing solutions vary vastly based on the nature of the interpretability task , with each use case requiring substantial time and effort . this paper introduces margin , a simple yet general approach to address a large set of interpretability tasks ranging from identifying prototypes to exp ←
→ further heuristics for $ k $- means : the merge - and - split heuristic and the $( k , l )$- means ; finding the optimal $ k $- means clustering is np - hard in general and many heuristics have been designed for minimizing monotonically the $ k $- means objective . we first show how to extend lloyd ' s batched relocation heuristic and hartigan ' s single - point relocation heuristic to take into account empty - cluster and single - point cluster events , respectively . those events tend to increasingly occur when $ k $ or $ d $ increases , or ←
→ global and local consistent age generative adversarial networks ; age progression / regression is a challenging task due to the complicated and non - linear transformation in human aging process . many researches have shown that both global and local facial features are essential for face representation , but previous gan based methods mainly focused on the global feature in age synthesis . to utilize both global and local facial information , we propose a global and local consistent age generative adversarial netw ←
→ pg - causality : identifying spatiotemporal causal pathways for air pollutants with urban big data ; many countries are suffering from severe air pollution . understanding how different air pollutants accumulate and propagate is critical to making relevant public policies . in this paper , we use urban big data ( air quality data and meteorological data ) to identify the \ emph { spatiotemporal ( st ) causal pathways } for air pollutants . this problem is challenging because : ( 1 ) there are numerous noisy and low - polluti ←
→ temporal action labeling using action sets ; action detection and temporal segmentation of actions in videos are topics of increasing interest . while fully supervised systems have gained much attention lately , full annotation of each action within the video is costly and impractical for large amounts of video data . thus , weakly supervised action detection and temporal segmentation methods are of great importance . while most works in this area assume an ordered sequence of occurring actions to be given , our ←
→ relative depth order estimation using multi - scale densely connected convolutional networks ; we study the problem of estimating the relative depth order of point pairs in a monocular image . recent advances mainly focus on using deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) to learn and infer the ordinal information from multiple contextual information of the points pair such as global scene context , local contextual information , and the locations . however , it remains unclear how much each context contributes ←
→ properties of phoneme n - grams across the world ' s language families ; in this article , we investigate the properties of phoneme n - grams across half of the world ' s languages . we investigate if the sizes of three different n - gram distributions of the world ' s language families obey a power law . further , the n - gram distributions of language families parallel the sizes of the families , which seem to obey a power law distribution . the correlation between n - gram distributions and language family sizes improves wit ←
→ end - to - end recurrent neural network models for vietnamese named entity recognition : word - level vs . character - level ; this paper demonstrates end - to - end neural network architectures for vietnamese named entity recognition . our best model is a combination of bidirectional long short - term memory ( bi - lstm ), convolutional neural network ( cnn ), conditional random field ( crf ), using pre - trained word embeddings as input , which achieves an f1 score of 88 . 59 % on a standard test set . our system is able to achieve a ←
→ learning word embeddings for hyponymy with entailment - based distributional semantics ; lexical entailment , such as hyponymy , is a fundamental issue in the semantics of natural language . this paper proposes distributional semantic models which efficiently learn word embeddings for entailment , using a recently - proposed framework for modelling entailment in a vector - space . these models postulate a latent vector for a pseudo - phrase containing two neighbouring word vectors . we investigate both modelling words ←
→ vision - based multi - task manipulation for inexpensive robots using end - to - end learning from demonstration ; in this paper , we propose a multi - task learning from demonstration method that works using raw images as input to autonomously accomplish a wide variety of tasks in the real world using a low - cost robotic arm . the controller is a single recurrent neural network that can generate robot arm trajectories to perform different manipulation tasks . in order to learn complex skills from relatively few demons ←
→ learning document image binarization from data ; in this paper we present a fully trainable binarization solution for degraded document images . unlike previous attempts that often used simple features with a series of pre - and post - processing , our solution encodes all heuristics about whether or not a pixel is foreground text into a high - dimensional feature vector and learns a more complicated decision function . in particular , we prepare features of three types : 1 ) existing features for binarization such as ←
→ kernel feature selection via conditional covariance minimization ; we propose a framework for feature selection that employs kernel - based measures of independence to find a subset of covariates that is maximally predictive of the response . building on past work in kernel dimension reduction , we formulate our approach as a constrained optimization problem involving the trace of the conditional covariance operator , and additionally provide some consistency results . we then demonstrate on a variety of syntheti ←
→ mida : multiple imputation using denoising autoencoders ; missing data is a significant problem impacting all domains . state - of - the - art framework for minimizing missing data bias is multiple imputation , for which the choice of an imputation model remains nontrivial . we propose a multiple imputation model based on overcomplete deep denoising autoencoders . our proposed model is capable of handling different data types , missingness patterns , missingness proportions and distributions . evaluation on several real ←
→ shape interaction matrix revisited and robustified : efficient subspace clustering with corrupted and incomplete data ; the shape interaction matrix ( sim ) is one of the earliest approaches to performing subspace clustering ( i . e ., separating points drawn from a union of subspaces ). in this paper , we revisit the sim and reveal its connections to several recent subspace clustering methods . our analysis lets us derive a simple , yet effective algorithm to robustify the sim and make it applicable to realistic sc ←
→ multi - view stereo with single - view semantic mesh refinement ; while 3d reconstruction is a well - established and widely explored research topic , semantic 3d reconstruction has only recently witnessed an increasing share of attention from the computer vision community . semantic annotations allow in fact to enforce strong class - dependent priors , as planarity for ground and walls , which can be exploited to refine the reconstruction often resulting in non - trivial performance improvements . state - of - the art method ←
→ iterative nearest neighborhood oversampling in semisupervised learning from imbalanced data ; transductive graph - based semi - supervised learning methods usually build an undirected graph utilizing both labeled and unlabeled samples as vertices . those methods propagate label information of labeled samples to neighbors through their edges in order to get the predicted labels of unlabeled samples . most popular semi - supervised learning approaches are sensitive to initial label distribution happened in imbalanc ←
→ an end - to - end convolutional selective autoencoder approach to soybean cyst nematode eggs detection ; this paper proposes a novel selective autoencoder approach within the framework of deep convolutional networks . the crux of the idea is to train a deep convolutional autoencoder to suppress undesired parts of an image frame while allowing the desired parts resulting in efficient object detection . the efficacy of the framework is demonstrated on a critical plant science problem . in the united states , approx ←
→ d $^ 2 $: decentralized training over decentralized data ; while training a machine learning model using multiple workers , each of which collects data from their own data sources , it would be most useful when the data collected from different workers can be {\ em unique } and {\ em different }. ironically , recent analysis of decentralized parallel stochastic gradient descent ( d - psgd ) relies on the assumption that the data hosted on different workers are {\ em not too different }. in this paper , we ask the question : ←
→ neural reranking for named entity recognition ; we propose a neural reranking system for named entity recognition ( ner ). the basic idea is to leverage recurrent neural network models to learn sentence - level patterns that involve named entity mentions . in particular , given an output sentence produced by a baseline ner model , we replace all entity mentions , such as \ textit { barack obama }, into their entity types , such as \ textit { per }. the resulting sentence patterns contain direct output information , yet is le ←
→ euclidean upgrade from a minimal number of segments ; in this paper , we propose an algebraic approach to upgrade a projective reconstruction to a euclidean one , and aim at computing the rectifying homography from a minimal number of 9 segments of known length . constraints are derived from these segments which yield a set of polynomial equations that we solve by means of gr \" obner bases . we explain how a solver for such a system of equations can be constructed from simplified template data . moreover , we pres ←
→ machine translation approaches and survey for indian languages ; in this study , we present an analysis regarding the performance of the state - of - art phrase - based statistical machine translation ( smt ) on multiple indian languages . we report baseline systems on several language pairs . the motivation of this study is to promote the development of smt and linguistic resources for these language pairs , as the current state - of - the - art is quite bleak due to sparse data resources . the success of an smt system is co ←
→ data augmentation for brain - computer interfaces : analysis on event - related potentials data ; on image data , data augmentation is becoming less relevant due to the large amount of available training data and regularization techniques . common approaches are moving windows ( cropping ), scaling , affine distortions , random noise , and elastic deformations . for electroencephalographic data , the lack of sufficient training data is still a major issue . we suggest and evaluate different approaches to generate augmen ←
→ extension of path probability method to approximate inference over time ; there has been a tremendous growth in publicly available digital video footage over the past decade . this has necessitated the development of new techniques in computer vision geared towards efficient analysis , storage and retrieval of such data . many mid - level computer vision tasks such as segmentation , object detection , tracking , etc . involve an inference problem based on the video data available . video data has a high degree of spa ←
→ navigability with imperfect information ; the article studies navigability of an autonomous agent in a maze where some rooms may be indistinguishable . in a previous work the authors have shown that the properties of navigability in such a setting depend on whether an agent has perfect recall . navigability by an agent with perfect recall is a transitive relation and without is not transitive . this article introduces a notion of restricted navigability and shows that a certain form of transitivity holds for ←
→ superpixel - based semantic segmentation trained by statistical process control ; semantic segmentation , like other fields of computer vision , has seen a remarkable performance advance by the use of deep convolution neural networks . however , considering that neighboring pixels are heavily dependent on each other , both learning and testing of these methods have a lot of redundant operations . to resolve this problem , the proposed network is trained and tested with only 0 . 37 % of total pixels by superpixel - base ←
→ p - values for high - dimensional regression ; assigning significance in high - dimensional regression is challenging . most computationally efficient selection algorithms cannot guard against inclusion of noise variables . asymptotically valid p - values are not available . an exception is a recent proposal by wasserman and roeder ( 2008 ) which splits the data into two parts . the number of variables is then reduced to a manageable size using the first split , while classical variable selection techniques can be applied ←
→ distributional models and deep learning embeddings : combining the best of both worlds ; there are two main approaches to the distributed representation of words : low - dimensional deep learning embeddings and high - dimensional distributional models , in which each dimension corresponds to a context word . in this paper , we combine these two approaches by learning embeddings based on distributional - model vectors - as opposed to one - hot vectors as is standardly done in deep learning . we show that the combined ap ←
→ lexicographic probability , conditional probability , and nonstandard probability ; the relationship between popper spaces ( conditional probability spaces that satisfy some regularity conditions ), lexicographic probability systems ( lps ' s ), and nonstandard probability spaces ( nps ' s ) is considered . if countable additivity is assumed , popper spaces and a subclass of lps ' s are equivalent ; without the assumption of countable additivity , the equivalence no longer holds . if the state space is finite , lps ' s are equ ←
→ identification of functionally related enzymes by learning - to - rank methods ; enzyme sequences and structures are routinely used in the biological sciences as queries to search for functionally related enzymes in online databases . to this end , one usually departs from some notion of similarity , comparing two enzymes by looking for correspondences in their sequences , structures or surfaces . for a given query , the search operation results in a ranking of the enzymes in the database , from very similar to diss ←
→ evolving culture vs local minima ; we propose a theory that relates difficulty of learning in deep architectures to culture and language . it is articulated around the following hypotheses : ( 1 ) learning in an individual human brain is hampered by the presence of effective local minima ; ( 2 ) this optimization difficulty is particularly important when it comes to learning higher - level abstractions , i . e ., concepts that cover a vast and highly - nonlinear span of sensory configurations ; ( 3 ) such high - level abstract ←
→ object oriented analysis using natural language processing concepts : a review ; the software development life cycle ( sdlc ) starts with eliciting requirements of the customers in the form of software requirement specification ( srs ). srs document needed for software development is mostly written in natural language ( nl ) convenient for the client . from the srs document only , the class name , its attributes and the functions incorporated in the body of the class are traced based on pre - knowledge of analyst . the ←
→ extension du formalisme des flux opérationnels par une algèbre temporelle ; workflows constitute an important language to represent knowledge about processes , but also increasingly to reason on such knowledge . on the other hand , there is a limit to which time constraints between activities can be expressed . qualitative interval algebras can model processes using finer temporal relations , but they cannot reproduce all workflow patterns . this paper defines a common ground model - theoretical semantics for bot ←
→ effective warm start for the online actor - critic reinforcement learning based mhealth intervention ; online reinforcement learning ( rl ) is increasingly popular for the personalized mobile health ( mhealth ) intervention . it is able to personalize the type and dose of interventions according to user ' s ongoing statuses and changing needs . however , at the beginning of online learning , there are usually too few samples to support the rl updating , which leads to poor performances . a delay in good performance of ←
→ yeah , right , uh - huh : a deep learning backchannel predictor ; using supporting backchannel ( bc ) cues can make human - computer interaction more social . bcs provide a feedback from the listener to the speaker indicating to the speaker that he is still listened to . bcs can be expressed in different ways , depending on the modality of the interaction , for example as gestures or acoustic cues . in this work , we only considered acoustic cues . we are proposing an approach towards detecting bc opportunities based on ac ←
→ the univariate flagging algorithm ( ufa ): a fully - automated approach for identifying optimal thresholds in data ; in many data classification problems , there is no linear relationship between an explanatory and the dependent variables . instead , there may be ranges of the input variable for which the observed outcome is signficantly more or less likely . this paper describes an algorithm for automatic detection of such thresholds , called the univariate flagging algorithm ( ufa ). the algorithm searches for a s ←
→ balanced k - means and min - cut clustering ; clustering is an effective technique in data mining to generate groups that are the matter of interest . among various clustering approaches , the family of k - means algorithms and min - cut algorithms gain most popularity due to their simplicity and efficacy . the classical k - means algorithm partitions a number of data points into several subsets by iteratively updating the clustering centers and the associated data points . by contrast , a weighted undirected graph is con ←
→ measuring sample quality with diffusions ; stein ' s method for measuring convergence to a continuous target distribution relies on an operator characterizing the target and stein factor bounds on the solutions of an associated differential equation . while such operators and bounds are readily available for a diversity of univariate targets , few multivariate targets have been analyzed . we introduce a new class of characterizing operators based on ito diffusions and develop explicit multivariate stein factor b ←
→ modelling transition dynamics in mdps with rkhs embeddings ; we propose a new , nonparametric approach to learning and representing transition dynamics in markov decision processes ( mdps ), which can be combined easily with dynamic programming methods for policy optimisation and value estimation . this approach makes use of a recently developed representation of conditional distributions as \ emph { embeddings } in a reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ). such representations bypass the need for estimating trans ←
→ simple regret optimization in online planning for markov decision processes ; we consider online planning in markov decision processes ( mdps ). in online planning , the agent focuses on its current state only , deliberates about the set of possible policies from that state onwards and , when interrupted , uses the outcome of that exploratory deliberation to choose what action to perform next . the performance of algorithms for online planning is assessed in terms of simple regret , which is the agent ' s expected ←
→ 3d skull recognition using 3d matching technique ; biometrics has become a " hot " area . governments are funding research programs focused on biometrics . in this paper the problem of person recognition and verification based on a different biometric application has been addressed . the system is based on the 3dskull recognition using 3d matching technique , in fact this paper present several bio - metric approaches in order of assign the weak point in term of used the biometric from the authorize person and insur ←
→ labelled network subgraphs reveal stylistic subtleties in written texts ; the vast amount of data and increase of computational capacity have allowed the analysis of texts from several perspectives , including the representation of texts as complex networks . nodes of the network represent the words , and edges represent some relationship , usually word co - occurrence . even though networked representations have been applied to study some tasks , such approaches are not usually combined with traditional models rel ←
→ diameter - based active learning ; to date , the tightest upper and lower - bounds for the active learning of general concept classes have been in terms of a parameter of the learning problem called the splitting index . we provide , for the first time , an efficient algorithm that is able to realize this upper bound , and we empirically demonstrate its good performance .←
→ block - diagonal sparse representation by learning a linear combination dictionary for recognition ; in a sparse representation based recognition scheme , it is critical to learn a desired dictionary , aiming both good representational power and discriminative performance . in this paper , we propose a new dictionary learning model for recognition applications , in which three strategies are adopted to achieve these two objectives simultaneously . first , a block - diagonal constraint is introduced into the model to ←
→ explorations in an english poetry corpus : a neurocognitive poetics perspective ; this paper describes a corpus of about 3000 english literary texts with about 250 million words extracted from the gutenberg project that span a range of genres from both fiction and non - fiction written by more than 130 authors ( e . g ., darwin , dickens , shakespeare ). quantitative narrative analysis ( qna ) is used to explore a cleaned subcorpus , the gutenberg english poetry corpus ( gepc ) which comprises over 100 poetic texts with ←
→ teleoperation system using past image records considering narrow communication band ; teleoperation is necessary when the robot is applied to real missions , for example surveillance , search and rescue . we proposed teleoperation system using past image records ( spir ). spir virtually generates the bird ' s - eye view image by overlaying the cg model of the robot at the corresponding current position on the background image which is captured from the camera mounted on the robot at a past time . the problem for sp ←
→ anaphora and discourse structure ; we argue in this paper that many common adverbial phrases generally taken to signal a discourse relation between syntactically connected units within discourse structure , instead work anaphorically to contribute relational meaning , with only indirect dependence on discourse structure . this allows a simpler discourse structure to provide scaffolding for compositional semantics , and reveals multiple ways in which the relational meaning conveyed by adverbial connectives can i ←
→ optimal categorical attribute transformation for granularity change in relational databases for binary decision problems in educational data mining ; this paper presents an approach for transforming data granularity in hierarchical databases for binary decision problems by applying regression to categorical attributes at the lower grain levels . attributes from a lower hierarchy entity in the relational database have their information content optimized through regression on the categories histogram trained ←
→ entropy - based search algorithm for experimental design ; the scientific method relies on the iterated processes of inference and inquiry . the inference phase consists of selecting the most probable models based on the available data ; whereas the inquiry phase consists of using what is known about the models to select the most relevant experiment . optimizing inquiry involves searching the parameterized space of experiments to select the experiment that promises , on average , to be maximally informative . in th ←
→ a survey of word embeddings evaluation methods ; word embeddings are real - valued word representations able to capture lexical semantics and trained on natural language corpora . models proposing these representations have gained popularity in the recent years , but the issue of the most adequate evaluation method still remains open . this paper presents an extensive overview of the field of word embeddings evaluation , highlighting main problems and proposing a typology of approaches to evaluation , summarizing ←
→ generalized optimal sub - pattern assignment metric ; this paper presents the generalized optimal sub - pattern assignment ( gospa ) metric on the space of finite sets of targets . compared to the well - established optimal sub - pattern assignment ( ospa ) metric , gospa is unnormalized as a function of the cardinality and it penalizes cardinality errors differently , which enables us to express it as an optimisation over assignments instead of permutations . an important consequence of this is that gospa allows us to pen ←
→ mixed supervised object detection with robust objectness transfer ; in this paper , we consider the problem of leveraging existing fully labeled categories to improve the weakly supervised detection ( wsd ) of new object categories , which we refer to as mixed supervised detection ( msd ). different from previous msd methods that directly transfer the pre - trained object detectors from existing categories to new categories , we propose a more reasonable and robust objectness transfer approach for msd . in our framew ←
→ a method for image reduction based on a generalization of ordered weighted averaging functions ; in this paper we propose a special type of aggregation function which generalizes the notion of ordered weighted averaging function - owa . the resulting functions are called dynamic ordered weighted averaging functions --- dyowas . this generalization will be developed in such way that the weight vectors are variables depending on the input vector . particularly , this operators generalize the aggregation functio ←
→ tricolor dags for machine translation ; machine translation ( mt ) has recently been formulated in terms of constraint - based knowledge representation and unification theories , but it is becoming more and more evident that it is not possible to design a practical mt system without an adequate method of handling mismatches between semantic representations in the source and target languages . in this paper , we introduce the idea of `` information - based '' mt , which is considerably more flexible than interlingual mt ←
→ selective sampling for example - based word sense disambiguation ; this paper proposes an efficient example sampling method for example - based word sense disambiguation systems . to construct a database of practical size , a considerable overhead for manual sense disambiguation ( overhead for supervision ) is required . in addition , the time complexity of searching a large - sized database poses a considerable problem ( overhead for search ). to counter these problems , our method selectively samples a smaller - sized eff ←
→ approximated and user steerable tsne for progressive visual analytics ; progressive visual analytics aims at improving the interactivity in existing analytics techniques by means of visualization as well as interaction with intermediate results . one key method for data analysis is dimensionality reduction , for example , to produce 2d embeddings that can be visualized and analyzed efficiently . t - distributed stochastic neighbor embedding ( tsne ) is a well - suited technique for the visualization of several high - d ←
→ compositional planning using optimal option models ; in this paper we introduce a framework for option model composition . option models are temporal abstractions that , like macro - operators in classical planning , jump directly from a start state to an end state . prior work has focused on constructing option models from primitive actions , by intra - option model learning ; or on using option models to construct a value function , by inter - option planning . we present a unified view of intra - and inter - option model ←
→ experimental analysis of data - driven control for a building heating system ; driven by the opportunity to harvest the flexibility related to building climate control for demand response applications , this work presents a data - driven control approach building upon recent advancements in reinforcement learning . more specifically , model assisted batch reinforcement learning is applied to the setting of building climate control subjected to a dynamic pricing . the underlying sequential decision making problem ←
→ an automated images - to - graphs framework for high resolution connectomics ; reconstructing a map of neuronal connectivity is a critical challenge in contemporary neuroscience . recent advances in high - throughput serial section electron microscopy ( em ) have produced massive 3d image volumes of nanoscale brain tissue for the first time . the resolution of em allows for individual neurons and their synaptic connections to be directly observed . recovering neuronal networks by manually tracing each neuronal process ←
→ to the problem of " the instrumental complex for ontological engineering purpose " software system design ; the given work describes methodological principles of design instrumental complex of ontological purpose . instrumental complex intends for the implementation of the integrated information technologies automated build of domain ontologies . results focus on enhancing the effectiveness of the automatic analysis and understanding of natural - language texts , building of knowledge description of subject area ←
→ modified soft brood crossover in genetic programming ; premature convergence is one of the important issues while using genetic programming for data modeling . it can be avoided by improving population diversity . intelligent genetic operators can help to improve the population diversity . crossover is an important operator in genetic programming . so , we have analyzed number of intelligent crossover operators and proposed an algorithm with the modification of soft brood crossover operator . it will help to impr ←
→ beyond knowing that : a new generation of epistemic logics ; epistemic logic has become a major field of philosophical logic ever since the groundbreaking work by hintikka ( 1962 ). despite its various successful applications in theoretical computer science , ai , and game theory , the technical development of the field has been mainly focusing on the propositional part , i . e ., the propositional modal logics of " knowing that ". however , knowledge is expressed in everyday life by using various other locutions such a ←
→ exploiting uniform assignments in first - order mpe ; the mpe ( most probable explanation ) query plays an important role in probabilistic inference . mpe solution algorithms for probabilistic relational models essentially adapt existing belief assessment method , replacing summation with maximization . but the rich structure and symmetries captured by relational models together with the properties of the maximization operator offer an opportunity for additional simplification with potentially significant computat ←
→ multiple hypothesis testing in pattern discovery ; the problem of multiple hypothesis testing arises when there are more than one hypothesis to be tested simultaneously for statistical significance . this is a very common situation in many data mining applications . for instance , assessing simultaneously the significance of all frequent itemsets of a single dataset entails a host of hypothesis , one for each itemset . a multiple hypothesis testing method is needed to control the number of false positives ( type ←
→ the comparison of methods artificial neural network with linear regression using specific variables for prediction stock price in tehran stock exchange ; in this paper , researchers estimated the stock price of activated companies in tehran ( iran ) stock exchange . it is used linear regression and artificial neural network methods and compared these two methods . in artificial neural network , of general regression neural network method ( grnn ) for architecture is used . in this paper , first , researchers consi ←
→ an ensemble deep learning based approach for red lesion detection in fundus images ; diabetic retinopathy is one of the leading causes of preventable blindness in the world . its earliest sign are red lesions , a general term that groups both microaneurysms and hemorrhages . in daily clinical practice , these lesions are manually detected by physicians using fundus photographs . however , this task is tedious and time consuming , and requires an intensive effort due to the small size of the lesions and their lac ←
→ clique matrices for statistical graph decomposition and parameterising restricted positive definite matrices ; we introduce clique matrices as an alternative representation of undirected graphs , being a generalisation of the incidence matrix representation . here we use clique matrices to decompose a graph into a set of possibly overlapping clusters , de ned as well - connected subsets of vertices . the decomposition is based on a statistical description which encourages clusters to be well connected and few i ←
→ multiagent cooperation and competition with deep reinforcement learning ; multiagent systems appear in most social , economical , and political situations . in the present work we extend the deep q - learning network architecture proposed by google deepmind to multiagent environments and investigate how two agents controlled by independent deep q - networks interact in the classic videogame pong . by manipulating the classical rewarding scheme of pong we demonstrate how competitive and collaborative behaviors emerg ←
→ a global information based adaptive threshold for grouping large scale global optimization problems ; by taking the idea of divide - and - conquer , cooperative coevolution ( cc ) provides a powerful architecture for large scale global optimization ( lsgo ) problems , but its efficiency relies highly on the decomposition strategy . it has been shown that differential grouping ( dg ) performs well on decomposing lsgo problems by effectively detecting the interaction among decision variables . however , its decomposition ←
→ specifying intonation from context for speech synthesis ; this paper presents a theory and a computational implementation for generating prosodically appropriate synthetic speech in response to database queries . proper distinctions of contrast and emphasis are expressed in an intonation contour that is synthesized by rule under the control of a grammar , a discourse model , and a knowledge base . the theory is based on combinatory categorial grammar , a formalism which easily integrates the notions of syntactic ←
→ multiple source adaptation and the renyi divergence ; this paper presents a novel theoretical study of the general problem of multiple source adaptation using the notion of renyi divergence . our results build on our previous work [ 12 ], but significantly broaden the scope of that work in several directions . we extend previous multiple source loss guarantees based on distribution weighted combinations to arbitrary target distributions p , not necessarily mixtures of the source distributions , analyze both known ←
→ visual gesture variability between talkers in continuous visual speech ; recent adoption of deep learning methods to the field of machine lipreading research gives us two options to pursue to improve system performance . either , we develop end - to - end systems holistically or , we experiment to further our understanding of the visual speech signal . the latter option is more difficult but this knowledge would enable researchers to both improve systems and apply the new knowledge to other domains such as speech t ←
→ network model selection using task - focused minimum description length ; networks are fundamental models for data used in practically every application domain . in most instances , several implicit or explicit choices about the network definition impact the translation of underlying data to a network representation , and the subsequent question ( s ) about the underlying system being represented . users of downstream network data may not even be aware of these choices or their impacts . we propose a task - focused net ←
→ journal of new democratic methods : an introduction ; this paper describes a new breed of academic journals that use statistical machine learning techniques to make them more democratic . in particular , not only can anyone submit an article , but anyone can also become a reviewer . machine learning is used to decide which reviewers accurately represent the views of the journal ' s readers and thus deserve to have their opinions carry more weight . the paper concentrates on describing a specific experimental protot ←
→ regret bounds for deterministic gaussian process bandits ; this paper analyses the problem of gaussian process ( gp ) bandits with deterministic observations . the analysis uses a branch and bound algorithm that is related to the ucb algorithm of ( srinivas et al ., 2010 ). for gps with gaussian observation noise , with variance strictly greater than zero , ( srinivas et al ., 2010 ) proved that the regret vanishes at the approximate rate of $ o (\ frac { 1 }{\ sqrt { t }})$, where t is the number of observations . to complement ←
→ speaker role contextual modeling for language understanding and dialogue policy learning ; language understanding ( lu ) and dialogue policy learning are two essential components in conversational systems . human - human dialogues are not well - controlled and often random and unpredictable due to their own goals and speaking habits . this paper proposes a role - based contextual model to consider different speaker roles independently based on the various speaking patterns in the multi - turn dialogues . the experimen ←
→ dynamic structure embedded online multiple - output regression for stream data ; online multiple - output regression is an important machine learning technique for modeling , predicting , and compressing multi - dimensional correlated data streams . in this paper , we propose a novel online multiple - output regression method , called mores , for stream data . mores can \ emph { dynamically } learn the structure of the coefficients change in each update step to facilitate the model ' s continuous refinement . we observe that l ←
→ graph polynomials and approximation of partition functions with loopy belief propagation ; the bethe approximation , or loopy belief propagation algorithm is a successful method for approximating partition functions of probabilistic models associated with a graph . chertkov and chernyak derived an interesting formula called loop series expansion , which is an expansion of the partition function . the main term of the series is the bethe approximation while other terms are labeled by subgraphs called generaliz ←
→ submodular optimization for efficient semi - supervised support vector machines ; in this work we present a quadratic programming approximation of the semi - supervised support vector machine ( s3vm ) problem , namely approximate qp - s3vm , that can be efficiently solved using off the shelf optimization packages . we prove that this approximate formulation establishes a relation between the low density separation and the graph - based models of semi - supervised learning ( ssl ) which is important to develop a unifying f ←
→ sparse approximation via penalty decomposition methods ; in this paper we consider sparse approximation problems , that is , general $ l_0 $ minimization problems with the $ l_0 $-" norm " of a vector being a part of constraints or objective function . in particular , we first study the first - order optimality conditions for these problems . we then propose penalty decomposition ( pd ) methods for solving them in which a sequence of penalty subproblems are solved by a block coordinate descent ( bcd ) method . under some sui ←
→ dcs : an implementation of datalog with constraints ; answer - set programming ( asp ) has emerged recently as a viable programming paradigm . we describe here an asp system , datalog with constraints or dc , based on non - monotonic logic . informally , dc theories consist of propositional clauses ( constraints ) and of horn rules . the semantics is a simple and natural extension of the semantics of the propositional logic . however , thanks to the presence of horn rules in the system , modeling of transitive closure become ←
→ learning compact recurrent neural networks with block - term tensor decomposition ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are powerful sequence modeling tools . however , when dealing with high dimensional inputs , the training of rnns becomes computational expensive due to the large number of model parameters . this hinders rnns from solving many important computer vision tasks , such as action recognition in videos and image captioning . to overcome this problem , we propose a compact and flexible structure , namely b ←
→ determining song similarity via machine learning techniques and tagging information ; the task of determining item similarity is a crucial one in a recommender system . this constitutes the base upon which the recommender system will work to determine which items are more likely to be enjoyed by a user , resulting in more user engagement . in this paper we tackle the problem of determining song similarity based solely on song metadata ( such as the performer , and song title ) and on tags contributed by users . ←
→ bighand2 . 2m benchmark : hand pose dataset and state of the art analysis ; in this paper we introduce a large - scale hand pose dataset , collected using a novel capture method . existing datasets are either generated synthetically or captured using depth sensors : synthetic datasets exhibit a certain level of appearance difference from real depth images , and real datasets are limited in quantity and coverage , mainly due to the difficulty to annotate them . we propose a tracking system with six 6d magnetic sensors ←
→ testing mcmc code ; markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) algorithms are a workhorse of probabilistic modeling and inference , but are difficult to debug , and are prone to silent failure if implemented naively . we outline several strategies for testing the correctness of mcmc algorithms . specifically , we advocate writing code in a modular way , where conditional probability calculations are kept separate from the logic of the sampler . we discuss strategies for both unit testing and integration testing . as a running ←
→ resolving lexical ambiguity in tensor regression models of meaning ; this paper provides a method for improving tensor - based compositional distributional models of meaning by the addition of an explicit disambiguation step prior to composition . in contrast with previous research where this hypothesis has been successfully tested against relatively simple compositional models , in our work we use a robust model trained with linear regression . the results we get in two experiments show the superiority of the p ←
→ variational grid setting network ; we propose a new neural network architecture for automatic generation of missing characters in a chinese font set . we call the neural network architecture the variational grid setting network which is based on the variational autoencoder ( vae ) with some tweaks . the neural network model is able to generate missing characters relatively large in size ($ 256 \ times 256 $ pixels ). moreover , we show that one can use very few samples for training data set , and get a satisfied resu ←
→ the " psychological map of the brain ", as a personal information card ( file ), - a project for the student of the 21st century ; we suggest a procedure that is relevant both to electronic performance and human psychology , so that the creative logic and the respect for human nature appear in a good agreement . the idea is to create an electronic card containing basic information about a person ' s psychological behavior in order to make it possible to quickly decide about the suitability of one for another . thi ←
→ a theory of interpretive clustering in free recall ; a stochastic model of short - term verbal memory is proposed , in which the psychological state of the subject is encoded as the instantaneous position of a particle diffusing over a semantic graph with a probabilistic structure . the model is particularly suitable for studying the dependence of free - recall observables on semantic properties of the words to be recalled . besides predicting some well - known experimental features ( contiguity effect , forward asymm ←
→ a unified markov chain approach to analysing randomised search heuristics ; the convergence , convergence rate and expected hitting time play fundamental roles in the analysis of randomised search heuristics . this paper presents a unified markov chain approach to studying them . using the approach , the sufficient and necessary conditions of convergence in distribution are established . then the average convergence rate is introduced to randomised search heuristics and its lower and upper bounds are derived . ←
→ textual entailment with structured attentions and composition ; deep learning techniques are increasingly popular in the textual entailment task , overcoming the fragility of traditional discrete models with hard alignments and logics . in particular , the recently proposed attention models ( rockt \" aschel et al ., 2015 ; wang and jiang , 2015 ) achieves state - of - the - art accuracy by computing soft word alignments between the premise and hypothesis sentences . however , there remains a major limitation : this line of w ←
→ feature selection in omics prediction problems using cat scores and false nondiscovery rate control ; we revisit the problem of feature selection in linear discriminant analysis ( lda ), that is , when features are correlated . first , we introduce a pooled centroids formulation of the multiclass lda predictor function , in which the relative weights of mahalanobis - transformed predictors are given by correlation - adjusted $ t $- scores ( cat scores ). second , for feature selection we propose thresholding cat scores b ←
→ constraint compiling into rules formalism constraint compiling into rules formalism for dynamic csps computing ; in this paper we present a rule based formalism for filtering variables domains of constraints . this formalism is well adapted for solving dynamic csp . we take diagnosis as an instance problem to illustrate the use of these rules . a diagnosis problem is seen like finding all the minimal sets of constraints to be relaxed in the constraint network that models the device to be diagnosed ←
→ probabilistic relational model benchmark generation ; the validation of any database mining methodology goes through an evaluation process where benchmarks availability is essential . in this paper , we aim to randomly generate relational database benchmarks that allow to check probabilistic dependencies among the attributes . we are particularly interested in probabilistic relational models ( prms ), which extend bayesian networks ( bns ) to a relational data mining context and enable effective and robust reasoni ←
→ efficient variational bayesian neural network ensembles for outlier detection ; in this work we perform outlier detection using ensembles of neural networks obtained by variational approximation of the posterior in a bayesian neural network setting . the variational parameters are obtained by sampling from the true posterior by gradient descent . we show our outlier detection results are comparable to those obtained using other efficient ensembling methods .←
→ morphology with a null - interface ; we present an integrated architecture for word - level and sentence - level processing in a unification - based paradigm . the core of the system is a clp implementation of a unification engine for feature structures supporting relational values . in this framework an hpsg - style grammar is implemented . word - level processing uses x2morf , a morphological component based on an extended version of two - level morphology . this component is tightly integrated with the grammar as a relatio ←
→ learning robust representations for computer vision ; unsupervised learning techniques in computer vision often require learning latent representations , such as low - dimensional linear and non - linear subspaces . noise and outliers in the data can frustrate these approaches by obscuring the latent spaces . our main goal is deeper understanding and new development of robust approaches for representation learning . we provide a new interpretation for existing robust approaches and present two specific contributi ←
→ pddl2 . 1 - the art of the possible ? commentary on fox and long ; pddl2 . 1 was designed to push the envelope of what planning algorithms can do , and it has succeeded . it adds two important features : durative actions , which take time ( and may have continuous effects ); and objective functions for measuring the quality of plans . the concept of durative actions is flawed ; and the treatment of their semantics reveals too strong an attachment to the way many contemporary planners work . future pddl innovators should f ←
→ machine learning based hyperspectral image analysis : a survey ; hyperspectral sensors enable the study of the chemical properties of scene materials remotely for the purpose of identification , detection , and chemical composition analysis of objects in the environment . hence , hyperspectral images captured from earth observing satellites and aircraft have been increasingly important in agriculture , environmental monitoring , urban planning , mining , and defense . machine learning algorithms due to their outstand ←
→ an efficient method for online detection of polychronous patterns in spiking neural network ; polychronous neural groups are effective structures for the recognition of precise spike - timing patterns but the detection method is an inefficient multi - stage brute force process that works off - line on pre - recorded simulation data . this work presents a new model of polychronous patterns that can capture precise sequences of spikes directly in the neural simulation . in this scheme , each neuron is assigned a rando ←
→ statistical and computational tradeoffs in stochastic composite likelihood ; maximum likelihood estimators are often of limited practical use due to the intensive computation they require . we propose a family of alternative estimators that maximize a stochastic variation of the composite likelihood function . each of the estimators resolve the computation - accuracy tradeoff differently , and taken together they span a continuous spectrum of computation - accuracy tradeoff resolutions . we prove the consistency ←
→ o $^ 2 $ td : ( near )- optimal off - policy td learning ; temporal difference learning and residual gradient methods are the most widely used temporal difference based learning algorithms ; however , it has been shown that none of their objective functions is optimal w . r . t approximating the true value function $ v $. two novel algorithms are proposed to approximate the true value function $ v $. this paper makes the following contributions : ( 1 ) a batch algorithm that can help find the approximate optimal off - policy predic ←
→ speckle reduction in polarimetric sar imagery with stochastic distances and nonlocal means ; this paper presents a technique for reducing speckle in polarimetric synthetic aperture radar ( polsar ) imagery using nonlocal means and a statistical test based on stochastic divergences . the main objective is to select homogeneous pixels in the filtering area through statistical tests between distributions . this proposal uses the complex wishart model to describe polsar data , but the technique can be extended to ←
→ unsupervised semantic deep hashing ; in recent years , deep hashing methods have been proved to be efficient since it employs convolutional neural network to learn features and hashing codes simultaneously . however , these methods are mostly supervised . in real - world application , it is a time - consuming and overloaded task for annotating a large number of images . in this paper , we propose a novel unsupervised deep hashing method for large - scale image retrieval . our method , namely unsupervised semantic deep has ←
→ richer syntactic dependencies for structured language modeling ; the paper investigates the use of richer syntactic dependencies in the structured language model ( slm ). we present two simple methods of enriching the dependencies in the syntactic parse trees used for intializing the slm . we evaluate the impact of both methods on the perplexity ( ppl ) and word - error - rate ( wer , n - best rescoring ) performance of the slm . we show that the new model achieves an improvement in ppl and wer over the baseline results re ←
→ user preference extraction using dynamic query sliders in conjunction with ups - emo algorithm ; one drawback of evolutionary multiobjective optimization algorithms ( emoa ) has traditionally been high computational cost to create an approximation of the pareto front : number of required objective function evaluations usually grows high . on the other hand , for the decision maker ( dm ) it may be difficult to select one of the many produced solutions as the final one , especially in the case of more than two objec ←
→ visual aesthetic analysis using deep neural network : model and techniques to increase accuracy without transfer learning ; we train a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) from scratch for visual aesthetic analysis in images and discuss techniques we adopt to improve the accuracy . we avoid the prevalent best transfer learning approaches of using pretrained weights to perform the task and train a model from scratch to get accuracy of 78 . 7 % on ava2 dataset close to the best models available ( 85 . 6 %). we fu ←
→ the model of quantum evolution ; this paper has been withdrawn by the author due to extremely unscientific errors .←
→ the problem of the development ontology - driven architecture of intellectual software systems ; the paper describes the architecture of the intelligence system for automated design of ontological knowledge bases of domain areas and the software model of the management gui ( graphical user interface ) subsystem ←
→ clinical gait data analysis based on spatio - temporal features ; analysing human gait has found considerable interest in recent computer vision research . so far , however , contributions to this topic exclusively dealt with the tasks of person identification or activity recognition . in this paper , we consider a different application for gait analysis and examine its use as a means of deducing the physical well - being of people . the proposed method is based on transforming the joint motion trajectories using wav ←
→ a data mining framework for optimal product selection in retail supermarket data : the generalized profset model ; in recent years , data mining researchers have developed efficient association rule algorithms for retail market basket analysis . still , retailers often complain about how to adopt association rules to optimize concrete retail marketing - mix decisions . it is in this context that , in a previous paper , the authors have introduced a product selection model called profset . this model selects the mos ←
→ evaluating the performance of offensive linemen in the nfl ; how does one objectively measure the performance of an individual offensive lineman in the nfl ? the existing literature proposes various measures that rely on subjective assessments of game film , but has yet to develop an objective methodology to evaluate performance . using a variety of statistics related to an offensive lineman ' s performance , we develop a framework to objectively analyze the overall performance of an individual offensive lineman ←
→ optimal coordinated planning amongst self - interested agents with private state ; consider a multi - agent system in a dynamic and uncertain environment . each agent ' s local decision problem is modeled as a markov decision process ( mdp ) and agents must coordinate on a joint action in each period , which provides a reward to each agent and causes local state transitions . a social planner knows the model of every agent ' s mdp and wants to implement the optimal joint policy , but agents are self - interested and have ←
→ similarity - based models of word cooccurrence probabilities ; in many applications of natural language processing ( nlp ) it is necessary to determine the likelihood of a given word combination . for example , a speech recognizer may need to determine which of the two word combinations `` eat a peach '' and `` eat a beach '' is more likely . statistical nlp methods determine the likelihood of a word combination from its frequency in a training corpus . however , the nature of language is such that many word combination ←
→ the many faces of exponential weights in online learning ; a standard introduction to online learning might place online gradient descent at its center and then proceed to develop generalizations and extensions like online mirror descent and second - order methods . here we explore the alternative approach of putting exponential weights ( ew ) first . we show that many standard methods and their regret bounds then follow as a special case by plugging in suitable surrogate losses and playing the ew posterior mean .←
→ enhancing fractal descriptors on images by combining boundary and interior of minkowski dilation ; this work proposes to obtain novel fractal descriptors from gray - level texture images by combining information from interior and boundary measures of the minkowski dilation applied to the texture surface . at first , the image is converted into a surface where the height of each point is the gray intensity of the respective pixel in that position in the image . thus , this surface is morphologically dilated by s ←
→ kutato : an entropy - driven system for construction of probabilistic expert systems from databases ; kutato is a system that takes as input a database of cases and produces a belief network that captures many of the dependence relations represented by those data . this system incorporates a module for determining the entropy of a belief network and a module for constructing belief networks based on entropy calculations . kutato constructs an initial belief network in which all variables in the database are as ←
→ building dnn acoustic models for large vocabulary speech recognition ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) are now a central component of nearly all state - of - the - art speech recognition systems . building neural network acoustic models requires several design decisions including network architecture , size , and training loss function . this paper offers an empirical investigation on which aspects of dnn acoustic model design are most important for speech recognition system performance . we report dnn classifier performa ←
→ um sistema multiagente no combate ao braqueamento de capitais ; money laundering is a crime that makes it possible to finance other crimes , for this reason , it is important for criminal organizations and their combat is prioritized by nations around the world . the anti - money laundering process has not evolved as expected because it has prioritized only the signaling of suspicious transactions . the constant increasing in the volume of transactions has overloaded the indispensable human work of final evaluati ←
→ beyond monte carlo tree search : playing go with deep alternative neural network and long - term evaluation ; monte carlo tree search ( mcts ) is extremely popular in computer go which determines each action by enormous simulations in a broad and deep search tree . however , human experts select most actions by pattern analysis and careful evaluation rather than brute search of millions of future nteractions . in this paper , we propose a computer go system that follows experts way of thinking and playing . our sys ←
→ unsupervised video segmentation via spatio - temporally nonlocal appearance learning ; video object segmentation is challenging due to the factors like rapidly fast motion , cluttered backgrounds , arbitrary object appearance variation and shape deformation . most existing methods only explore appearance information between two consecutive frames , which do not make full use of the usefully long - term nonlocal information that is helpful to make the learned appearance stable , and hence they tend to fail when the ←
→ a method for locally approximating regularized iterative tomographic reconstruction methods ; in many applications of tomography , the acquired projections are either limited in number or contain a significant amount of noise . in these cases , standard reconstruction methods tend to produce artifacts that can make further analysis difficult . advanced regularized iterative methods , such as total variation minimization , are often able to achieve a higher reconstruction quality by exploiting prior knowledge ab ←
→ adapting deep visuomotor representations with weak pairwise constraints ; real - world robotics problems often occur in domains that differ significantly from the robot ' s prior training environment . for many robotic control tasks , real world experience is expensive to obtain , but data is easy to collect in either an instrumented environment or in simulation . we propose a novel domain adaptation approach for robot perception that adapts visual representations learned on a large easy - to - obtain source dataset ( e ←
→ significance analysis of high - dimensional , low - sample size partially labeled data ; classification and clustering are both important topics in statistical learning . a natural question herein is whether predefined classes are really different from one another , or whether clusters are really there . specifically , we may be interested in knowing whether the two classes defined by some class labels ( when they are provided ), or the two clusters tagged by a clustering algorithm ( where class labels are not provid ←
→ learning latent variable gaussian graphical models ; gaussian graphical models ( ggm ) have been widely used in many high - dimensional applications ranging from biological and financial data to recommender systems . sparsity in ggm plays a central role both statistically and computationally . unfortunately , real - world data often does not fit well to sparse graphical models . in this paper , we focus on a family of latent variable gaussian graphical models ( lvggm ), where the model is conditionally sparse given late ←
→ dynamic zoom - in network for fast object detection in large images ; we introduce a generic framework that reduces the computational cost of object detection while retaining accuracy for scenarios where objects with varied sizes appear in high resolution images . detection progresses in a coarse - to - fine manner , first on a down - sampled version of the image and then on a sequence of higher resolution regions identified as likely to improve the detection accuracy . built upon reinforcement learning , our approach ←
→ the evolution of neural network - based chart patterns : a preliminary study ; a neural network - based chart pattern represents adaptive parametric features , including non - linear transformations , and a template that can be applied in the feature space . the search of neural network - based chart patterns has been unexplored despite its potential expressiveness . in this paper , we formulate a general chart pattern search problem to enable cross - representational quantitative comparison of various search schemes . we ←
→ invertible autoencoder for domain adaptation ; the unsupervised image - to - image translation aims at finding a mapping between the source ($ a $) and target ($ b $) image domains , where in many applications aligned image pairs are not available at training . this is an ill - posed learning problem since it requires inferring the joint probability distribution from marginals . joint learning of coupled mappings $ f_ { ab }: a \ rightarrow b $ and $ f_ { ba }: b \ rightarrow a $ is commonly used by the state - of - the - art methods , li ←
→ low - rank tensor completion : a riemannian manifold preconditioning approach ; we propose a novel riemannian manifold preconditioning approach for the tensor completion problem with rank constraint . a novel riemannian metric or inner product is proposed that exploits the least - squares structure of the cost function and takes into account the structured symmetry that exists in tucker decomposition . the specific metric allows to use the versatile framework of riemannian optimization on quotient manifolds to d ←
→ propositional and relational bayesian networks associated with imprecise and qualitative probabilistic assesments ; this paper investigates a representation language with flexibility inspired by probabilistic logic and compactness inspired by relational bayesian networks . the goal is to handle propositional and first - order constructs together with precise , imprecise , indeterminate and qualitative probabilistic assessments . the paper shows how this can be achieved through the theory of credal networks . new ←
→ selecting the rank of truncated svd by maximum approximation capacity ; truncated singular value decomposition ( svd ) calculates the closest rank -$ k $ approximation of a given input matrix . selecting the appropriate rank $ k $ defines a critical model order choice in most applications of svd . to obtain a principled cut - off criterion for the spectrum , we convert the underlying optimization problem into a noisy channel coding problem . the optimal approximation capacity of this channel controls the appropriate str ←
→ learning module networks ; methods for learning bayesian network structure can discover dependency structure between observed variables , and have been shown to be useful in many applications . however , in domains that involve a large number of variables , the space of possible network structures is enormous , making it difficult , for both computational and statistical reasons , to identify a good model . in this paper , we consider a solution to this problem , suitable for domains where many variables have similar ←
→ improved collaborative filtering algorithm via information transformation ; in this paper , we propose a spreading activation approach for collaborative filtering ( sa - cf ). by using the opinion spreading process , the similarity between any users can be obtained . the algorithm has remarkably higher accuracy than the standard collaborative filtering ( cf ) using pearson correlation . furthermore , we introduce a free parameter $\ beta $ to regulate the contributions of objects to user - user correlations . the numeric ←
→ a natural - inspired optimization machine based on the annual migration of salmons in nature ; bio inspiration is a branch of artificial simulation science that shows pervasive contributions to variety of engineering fields such as automate pattern recognition , systematic fault detection and applied optimization . in this paper , a new metaheuristic optimizing algorithm that is the simulation of the great salmon run ( tgsr ) is developed . the obtained results imply on the acceptable performance of implemented me ←
→ unfolding and shrinking neural machine translation ensembles ; ensembling is a well - known technique in neural machine translation ( nmt ) to improve system performance . instead of a single neural net , multiple neural nets with the same topology are trained separately , and the decoder generates predictions by averaging over the individual models . ensembling often improves the quality of the generated translations drastically . however , it is not suitable for production systems because it is cumbersome and slow .←
→ a state vector algebra for algorithmic implementation of second - order logic ; we present a mathematical framework for mapping second - order logic relations onto a simple state vector algebra . using this algebra , basic theorems of set theory can be proven in an algorithmic way , hence by an expert system . we illustrate the use of the algebra with simple examples and show that , in principle , all theorems of basic set theory can be recovered in an elementary way . the developed technique can be used for an auto ←
→ pattern - coupled sparse bayesian learning for recovery of block - sparse signals ; we consider the problem of recovering block - sparse signals whose structures are unknown \ emph { a priori }. block - sparse signals with nonzero coefficients occurring in clusters arise naturally in many practical scenarios . however , the knowledge of the block structure is usually unavailable in practice . in this paper , we develop a new sparse bayesian learning method for recovery of block - sparse signals with unknown cluster pattern ←
→ multiple reflection symmetry detection via linear - directional kernel density estimation ; symmetry is an important composition feature by investigating similar sides inside an image plane . it has a crucial effect to recognize man - made or nature objects within the universe . recent symmetry detection approaches used a smoothing kernel over different voting maps in the polar coordinate system to detect symmetry peaks , which split the regions of symmetry axis candidates in inefficient way . we propose a reliab ←
→ a compositional explanation of the pet fish phenomenon ; the ` pet fish ' phenomenon is often cited as a paradigm example of the ` non - compositionality ' of human concept use . we show here how this phenomenon is naturally accommodated within a compositional distributional model of meaning . this model describes the meaning of a composite concept by accounting for interaction between its constituents via their grammatical roles . we give two illustrative examples to show how the qualitative phenomena are exhibited ←
→ multilayer structured nmf for spectral unmixing of hyperspectral images ; one of the challenges in hyperspectral data analysis is the presence of mixed pixels . mixed pixels are the result of low spatial resolution of hyperspectral sensors . spectral unmixing methods decompose a mixed pixel into a set of endmembers and abundance fractions . due to nonnegativity constraint on abundance fraction values , nmf based methods are well suited to this problem . in this paper multilayer nmf has been used to improve the r ←
→ data recombination for neural semantic parsing ; modeling crisp logical regularities is crucial in semantic parsing , making it difficult for neural models with no task - specific prior knowledge to achieve good results . in this paper , we introduce data recombination , a novel framework for injecting such prior knowledge into a model . from the training data , we induce a high - precision synchronous context - free grammar , which captures important conditional independence properties commonly found in semantic parsin ←
→ an empirical evaluation of true online td ( λ ) ; the true online td ({\ lambda }) algorithm has recently been proposed ( van seijen and sutton , 2014 ) as a universal replacement for the popular td ({\ lambda }) algorithm , in temporal - difference learning and reinforcement learning . true online td ({\ lambda }) has better theoretical properties than conventional td ({\ lambda }), and the expectation is that it also results in faster learning . in this paper , we put this hypothesis to the test . specifically , we compare the per ←
→ sparse multivariate factor regression ; we consider the problem of multivariate regression in a setting where the relevant predictors could be shared among different responses . we propose an algorithm which decomposes the coefficient matrix into the product of a long matrix and a wide matrix , with an elastic net penalty on the former and an $\ ell_1 $ penalty on the latter . the first matrix linearly transforms the predictors to a set of latent factors , and the second one regresses the responses on these facto ←
→ dissimilarity clustering by hierarchical multi - level refinement ; we introduce in this paper a new way of optimizing the natural extension of the quantization error using in k - means clustering to dissimilarity data . the proposed method is based on hierarchical clustering analysis combined with multi - level heuristic refinement . the method is computationally efficient and achieves better quantization errors than the ←
→ deep reinforcement fuzzing ; fuzzing is the process of finding security vulnerabilities in input - processing code by repeatedly testing the code with modified inputs . in this paper , we formalize fuzzing as a reinforcement learning problem using the concept of markov decision processes . this in turn allows us to apply state - of - the - art deep q - learning algorithms that optimize rewards , which we define from runtime properties of the program under test . by observing the rewards caused by mutating with a specific ←
→ pairwise mrf calibration by perturbation of the bethe reference point ; we investigate different ways of generating approximate solutions to the pairwise markov random field ( mrf ) selection problem . we focus mainly on the inverse ising problem , but discuss also the somewhat related inverse gaussian problem because both types of mrf are suitable for inference tasks with the belief propagation algorithm ( bp ) under certain conditions . our approach consists in to take a bethe mean - field solution obtained with a ←
→ maximum entropy for collaborative filtering ; within the task of collaborative filtering two challenges for computing conditional probabilities exist . first , the amount of training data available is typically sparse with respect to the size of the domain . thus , support for higher - order interactions is generally not present . second , the variables that we are conditioning upon vary for each query . that is , users label different variables during each query . for this reason , there is no consistent input to outp ←
→ language without words : a pointillist model for natural language processing ; this paper explores two separate questions : can we perform natural language processing tasks without a lexicon ?; and , should we ? existing natural language processing techniques are either based on words as units or use units such as grams only for basic classification tasks . how close can a machine come to reasoning about the meanings of words and phrases in a corpus without using any lexicon , based only on grams ? our own moti ←
→ contextual multi - scale region convolutional 3d network for activity detection ; activity detection is a fundamental problem in computer vision . detecting activities of different temporal scales is particularly challenging . in this paper , we propose the contextual multi - scale region convolutional 3d network ( cms - rc3d ) for activity detection . to deal with the inherent temporal scale variability of activity instances , the temporal feature pyramid is used to represent activities of different temporal scales . ←
→ a feasible roadmap for developing volumetric probability atlas of localized prostate cancer ; a statistical volumetric model , showing the probability map of localized prostate cancer within the host anatomical structure , has been developed from 90 optically - imaged surgical specimens . this master model permits an accurate characterization of prostate cancer distribution patterns and an atlas - informed biopsy sampling strategy . the model is constructed by mapping individual prostate models onto a site model ,←
→ optimizing affinity - based binary hashing using auxiliary coordinates ; in supervised binary hashing , one wants to learn a function that maps a high - dimensional feature vector to a vector of binary codes , for application to fast image retrieval . this typically results in a difficult optimization problem , nonconvex and nonsmooth , because of the discrete variables involved . much work has simply relaxed the problem during training , solving a continuous optimization , and truncating the codes a posteriori . this g ←
→ free - breathing cardiac mri using bandlimited manifold modelling ; we introduce a novel bandlimited manifold framework and an algorithm to recover freebreathing and ungated cardiac mr images from highly undersampled measurements . the image frames in the free breathing and ungated dataset are assumed to be points on a bandlimited manifold . we introduce a novel kernel low - rank algorithm to estimate the manifold structure ( laplacian ) from a navigator - based acquisition scheme . the structure of the manifold is th ←
→ discovering underlying plans based on shallow models ; plan recognition aims to discover target plans ( i . e ., sequences of actions ) behind observed actions , with history plan libraries or domain models in hand . previous approaches either discover plans by maximally " matching " observed actions to plan libraries , assuming target plans are from plan libraries , or infer plans by executing domain models to best explain the observed actions , assuming that complete domain models are available . in real world applica ←
→ interactive timetabling ; timetabling is a typical application of constraint programming whose task is to allocate activities to slots in available resources respecting various constraints like precedence and capacity . in this paper we present a basic concept , a constraint model , and the solving algorithms for interactive timetabling . interactive timetabling combines automated timetabling ( the machine allocates the activities ) with user interaction ( the user can interfere with the process of timetabling ). b ←
→ on bayesian index policies for sequential resource allocation ; this paper is about index policies for minimizing ( frequentist ) regret in a stochastic multi - armed bandit model , inspired by a bayesian view on the problem . our main contribution is to prove that the bayes - ucb algorithm , which relies on quantiles of posterior distributions , is asymptotically optimal when the reward distributions belong to a one - dimensional exponential family , for a large class of prior distributions . we also show that the bayes ←
→ on supervised selection of bayesian networks ; given a set of possible models ( e . g ., bayesian network structures ) and a data sample , in the unsupervised model selection problem the task is to choose the most accurate model with respect to the domain joint probability distribution . in contrast to this , in supervised model selection it is a priori known that the chosen model will be used in the future for prediction tasks involving more `` focused ' predictive distributions . although focused predictive distribu ←
→ sharpening occam ' s razor ; we provide a new representation - independent formulation of occam ' s razor theorem , based on kolmogorov complexity . this new formulation allows us to : ( i ) obtain better sample complexity than both length - based and vc - based versions of occam ' s razor theorem , in many applications . ( ii ) achieve a sharper reverse of occam ' s razor theorem than previous work . specifically , we weaken the assumptions made in an earlier publication , and extend the reverse to superpolynomial running tim ←
→ optimized algorithms to sample determinantal point processes ; in this technical report , we discuss several sampling algorithms for determinantal point processes ( dpp ). dpps have recently gained a broad interest in the machine learning and statistics literature as random point processes with negative correlation , i . e ., ones that can generate a " diverse " sample from a set of items . they are parametrized by a matrix $\ mathbf { l }$, called $ l $- ensemble , that encodes the correlations between items . the standard s ←
→ the group fused lasso for multiple change - point detection ; we present the group fused lasso for detection of multiple change - points shared by a set of co - occurring one - dimensional signals . change - points are detected by approximating the original signals with a constraint on the multidimensional total variation , leading to piecewise - constant approximations . fast algorithms are proposed to solve the resulting optimization problems , either exactly or approximately . conditions are given for consistency of both ←
→ transfer learning to learn with multitask neural model search ; deep learning models require extensive architecture design exploration and hyperparameter optimization to perform well on a given task . the exploration of the model design space is often made by a human expert , and optimized using a combination of grid search and search heuristics over a large space of possible choices . neural architecture search ( nas ) is a reinforcement learning approach that has been proposed to automate architecture design . ←
→ detecting collusive cliques in futures markets based on trading behaviors from real data ; in financial markets , abnormal trading behaviors pose a serious challenge to market surveillance and risk management . what is worse , there is an increasing emergence of abnormal trading events that some experienced traders constitute a collusive clique and collaborate to manipulate some instruments , thus mislead other investors by applying similar trading behaviors for maximizing their personal benefits . in this pap ←
→ temporal human action segmentation via dynamic clustering ; we present an effective dynamic clustering algorithm for the task of temporal human action segmentation , which has comprehensive applications such as robotics , motion analysis , and patient monitoring . our proposed algorithm is unsupervised , fast , generic to process various types of features , and applicable in both the online and offline settings . we perform extensive experiments of processing data streams , and show that our algorithm achieves the s ←
→ solving mixed model workplace time - dependent assembly line balancing problem with fss algorithm ; balancing assembly lines , a family of optimization problems commonly known as assembly line balancing problem , is notoriously np - hard . they comprise a set of problems of enormous practical interest to manufacturing industry due to the relevant frequency of this type of production paradigm . for this reason , many researchers on computational intelligence and industrial engineering have been conceiving algorithm ←
→ structured reachability analysis for markov decision processes ; recent research in decision theoretic planning has focussed on making the solution of markov decision processes ( mdps ) more feasible . we develop a family of algorithms for structured reachability analysis of mdps that are suitable when an initial state ( or set of states ) is known . using compact , structured representations of mdps ( e . g ., bayesian networks ), our methods , which vary in the tradeoff between complexity and accuracy , produce structu ←
→ intentions and information in discourse ; this paper is about the flow of inference between communicative intentions , discourse structure and the domain during discourse processing . we augment a theory of discourse interpretation with a theory of distinct mental attitudes and reasoning about them , in order to provide an account of how the attitudes interact with reasoning about discourse structure .←
→ principal component analysis - linear discriminant analysis feature extractor for pattern recognition ; robustness of embedded biometric systems is of prime importance with the emergence of fourth generation communication devices and advancement in security systems this paper presents the realization of such technologies which demands reliable and error - free biometric identity verification systems . high dimensional patterns are not permitted due to eigen - decomposition in high dimensional image space and deg ←
→ fast $ ε $- free inference of simulation models with bayesian conditional density estimation ; many statistical models can be simulated forwards but have intractable likelihoods . approximate bayesian computation ( abc ) methods are used to infer properties of these models from data . traditionally these methods approximate the posterior over parameters by conditioning on data being inside an $\ epsilon $- ball around the observed data , which is only correct in the limit $\ epsilon \!\ rightarrow \! 0 $. monte carlo meth ←
→ unsupervised learning of visual structure using predictive generative networks ; the ability to predict future states of the environment is a central pillar of intelligence . at its core , effective prediction requires an internal model of the world and an understanding of the rules by which the world changes . here , we explore the internal models developed by deep neural networks trained using a loss based on predicting future frames in synthetic video sequences , using a cnn - lstm - decnn framework . we first s ←
→ multimodal deep learning for robust rgb - d object recognition ; robust object recognition is a crucial ingredient of many , if not all , real - world robotics applications . this paper leverages recent progress on convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) and proposes a novel rgb - d architecture for object recognition . our architecture is composed of two separate cnn processing streams - one for each modality - which are consecutively combined with a late fusion network . we focus on learning with imperfect sensor data ,←
→ data dropout in arbitrary basis for deep network regularization ; an important problem in training deep networks with high capacity is to ensure that the trained network works well when presented with new inputs outside the training dataset . dropout is an effective regularization technique to boost the network generalization in which a random subset of the elements of the given data and the extracted features are set to zero during the training process . in this paper , a new randomized regularization techniq ←
→ approximating optimization problems using eas on scale - free networks ; it has been experimentally observed that real - world networks follow certain topological properties , such as small - world , power - law etc . to study these networks , many random graph models , such as preferential attachment , have been proposed . in this paper , we consider the deterministic properties which capture power - law degree distribution and degeneracy . networks with these properties are known as scale - free networks in the literature . ←
→ modeling the formation of social conventions in multi - agent populations ; in order to understand the formation of social conventions we need to know the specific role of control and learning in multi - agent systems . to advance in this direction , we propose , within the framework of the distributed adaptive control ( dac ) theory , a novel control - based reinforcement learning architecture ( crl ) that can account for the acquisition of social conventions in multi - agent populations that are solving a benchmark socia ←
→ bprs : belief propagation based iterative recommender system ; in this paper we introduce the first application of the belief propagation ( bp ) algorithm in the design of recommender systems . we formulate the recommendation problem as an inference problem and aim to compute the marginal probability distributions of the variables which represent the ratings to be predicted . however , computing these marginal probability functions is computationally prohibitive for large - scale systems . therefore , we utilize the ←
→ estimating target signatures with diverse density ; hyperspectral target detection algorithms rely on knowing the desired target signature in advance . however , obtaining an effective target signature can be difficult ; signatures obtained from laboratory measurements or hand - spectrometers in the field may not transfer to airborne imagery effectively . one approach to dealing with this difficulty is to learn an effective target signature from training data . an approach for learning target signatures from train ←
→ generalized collective inference with symmetric clique potentials ; collective graphical models exploit inter - instance associative dependence to output more accurate labelings . however existing models support very limited kind of associativity which restricts accuracy gains . this paper makes two major contributions . first , we propose a general collective inference framework that biases data instances to agree on a set of {\ em properties } of their labelings . agreement is encouraged through symmetric clique p ←
→ coco : performance assessment ; we present an any - time performance assessment for benchmarking numerical optimization algorithms in a black - box scenario , applied within the coco benchmarking platform . the performance assessment is based on runtimes measured in number of objective function evaluations to reach one or several quality indicator target values . we argue that runtime is the only available measure with a generic , meaningful , and quantitative interpretation . we discuss the choice of the target value ←
→ seq2sick : evaluating the robustness of sequence - to - sequence models with adversarial examples ; crafting adversarial examples has become an important technique to evaluate the robustness of deep neural networks ( dnns ). however , most existing works focus on attacking the image classification problem since its input space is continuous and output space is finite . in this paper , we study the much more challenging problem of crafting adversarial examples for sequence - to - sequence ( seq2seq ) models , whose input ←
→ for a semantic web based peer - reviewing and publication of research results ; this article shows why the diffusion and peer - reviewing of research results would be more efficient , precise and relevant if all or at least some parts of the descriptions and peer - reviews of research results took the form of a fine - grained semantic network , within articles or knowledge bases , as part of the semantic web . this article also shows some ways this can be done and hence how research journal / proceeding publishers coul ←
→ extraction of evolution descriptions from the web ; the evolution of named entities affects exploration and retrieval tasks in digital libraries . an information retrieval system that is aware of name changes can actively support users in finding former occurrences of evolved entities . however , current structured knowledge bases , such as dbpedia or freebase , do not provide enough information about evolutions , even though the data is available on their resources , like wikipedia . our \ emph { evolution base } prot ←
→ load disaggregation based on aided linear integer programming ; load disaggregation based on aided linear integer programming ( alip ) is proposed . we start with a conventional linear integer programming ( ip ) based disaggregation and enhance it in several ways . the enhancements include additional constraints , correction based on a state diagram , median filtering , and linear programming - based refinement . with the aid of these enhancements , the performance of ip - based disaggregation is significantly improved . t ←
→ appearance - and - relation networks for video classification ; spatiotemporal feature learning in videos is a fundamental and difficult problem in computer vision . this paper presents a new architecture , termed as appearance - and - relation network ( artnet ), to learn video representation in an end - to - end manner . artnets are constructed by stacking multiple generic building blocks , called as smart , whose goal is to simultaneously model appearance and relation from rgb input in a separate and explicit manner . speci ←
→ sparse linear identifiable multivariate modeling ; in this paper we consider sparse and identifiable linear latent variable ( factor ) and linear bayesian network models for parsimonious analysis of multivariate data . we propose a computationally efficient method for joint parameter and model inference , and model comparison . it consists of a fully bayesian hierarchy for sparse models using slab and spike priors ( two - component delta - function and continuous mixtures ), non - gaussian latent factors and a stochasti ←
→ inverse visual question answering : a new benchmark and vqa diagnosis tool ; in recent years , visual question answering ( vqa ) has become topical . the premise of vqa ' s significance as a benchmark in ai , is that both the image and textual question need to be well understood and mutually grounded in order to infer the correct answer . however , current vqa models perhaps ` understand ' less than initially hoped , and instead master the easier task of exploiting cues given away in the question and biases in the ans ←
→ generalized nonconvex nonsmooth low - rank minimization ; as surrogate functions of $ l_0 $- norm , many nonconvex penalty functions have been proposed to enhance the sparse vector recovery . it is easy to extend these nonconvex penalty functions on singular values of a matrix to enhance low - rank matrix recovery . however , different from convex optimization , solving the nonconvex low - rank minimization problem is much more challenging than the nonconvex sparse minimization problem . we observe that all the existing n ←
→ semantic polarity of adjectival predicates in online reviews ; web users produce more and more documents expressing opinions . because these have become important resources for customers and manufacturers , many have focused on them . opinions are often expressed through adjectives with positive or negative semantic values . in extracting information from users ' opinion in online reviews , exact recognition of the semantic polarity of adjectives is one of the most important requirements . since adjectives have di ←
→ a chain rule for the expected suprema of gaussian processes ; the expected supremum of a gaussian process indexed by the image of an index set under a function class is bounded in terms of separate properties of the index set and the function class . the bound is relevant to the estimation of nonlinear transformations or the analysis of learning algorithms whenever hypotheses are chosen from composite classes , as is the case for multi - layer models .←
→ interpretable two - level boolean rule learning for classification ; this paper proposes algorithms for learning two - level boolean rules in conjunctive normal form ( cnf , i . e . and - of - ors ) or disjunctive normal form ( dnf , i . e . or - of - ands ) as a type of human - interpretable classification model , aiming for a favorable trade - off between the classification accuracy and the simplicity of the rule . two formulations are proposed . the first is an integer program whose objective function is a combination of the total num ←
→ une expérience de sémantique inférentielle ; we develop a system which must be able to perform the same inferences that a human reader of an accident report can do and more particularly to determine the apparent causes of the accident . we describe the general framework in which we are situated , linguistic and semantic levels of the analysis and the inference rules used by the system .←
→ tick : a python library for statistical learning , with a particular emphasis on time - dependent modelling ; tick is a statistical learning library for python ~ 3 , with a particular emphasis on time - dependent models , such as point processes , and tools for generalized linear models and survival analysis . the core of the library is an optimization module providing model computational classes , solvers and proximal operators for regularization . tick relies on a c ++ implementation and state - of - the - art optimization ←
→ multi - camera occlusion and sudden - appearance - change detection using hidden markovian chains ; this paper was originally submitted to xinova as a response to a request for invention ( rfi ) on new event monitoring methods . in this paper , a new object tracking algorithm using multiple cameras for surveillance applications is proposed . the proposed system can detect sudden - appearance - changes and occlusions using a hidden markovian statistical model . the experimental results confirm that our system detect the s ←
→ fast threshold tests for detecting discrimination ; threshold tests have recently been proposed as a useful method for detecting bias in lending , hiring , and policing decisions . for example , in the case of credit extensions , these tests aim to estimate the bar for granting loans to white and minority applicants , with a higher inferred threshold for minorities indicative of discrimination . this technique , however , requires fitting a complex bayesian latent variable model for which inference is often computat ←
→ reified unit resolution and the failed literal rule ; unit resolution can simplify a cnf formula or detect an inconsistency by repeatedly assign the variables occurring in unit clauses . given any cnf formula sigma , we show that there exists a satisfiable cnf formula psi with size polynomially related to the size of sigma such that applying unit resolution to psi simulates all the effects of applying it to sigma . the formula psi is said to be the reified counterpart of sigma . this approach can be used to pro ←
→ a hybrid reasoning model for indirect answers ; this paper presents our implemented computational model for interpreting and generating indirect answers to yes - no questions . its main features are 1 ) a discourse - plan - based approach to implicature , 2 ) a reversible architecture for generation and interpretation , 3 ) a hybrid reasoning model that employs both plan inference and logical inference , and 4 ) use of stimulus conditions to model a speaker ' s motivation for providing appropriate , unrequested information .←
→ high - dimensional vector semantics ; in this paper we explore the " vector semantics " problem from the perspective of " almost orthogonal " property of high - dimensional random vectors . we show that this intriguing property can be used to " memorize " random vectors by simply adding them , and we provide an efficient probabilistic solution to the set membership problem . also , we discuss several applications to word context vector embeddings , document sentences similarity , and spam filtering .←
→ robust photometric stereo using learned image and gradient dictionaries ; photometric stereo is a method for estimating the normal vectors of an object from images of the object under varying lighting conditions . motivated by several recent works that extend photometric stereo to more general objects and lighting conditions , we study a new robust approach to photometric stereo that utilizes dictionary learning . specifically , we propose and analyze two approaches to adaptive dictionary regularization for the ←
→ vocabulary selection strategies for neural machine translation ; classical translation models constrain the space of possible outputs by selecting a subset of translation rules based on the input sentence . recent work on improving the efficiency of neural translation models adopted a similar strategy by restricting the output vocabulary to a subset of likely candidates given the source . in this paper we experiment with context and embedding - based selection methods and extend previous work by examining speed ←
→ advances in joint ctc - attention based end - to - end speech recognition with a deep cnn encoder and rnn - lm ; we present a state - of - the - art end - to - end automatic speech recognition ( asr ) model . we learn to listen and write characters with a joint connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) and attention - based encoder - decoder network . the encoder is a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based on the vgg network . the ctc network sits on top of the encoder and is jointly trained with the attention - based decode ←
→ representing knowledge base into database for wap and web - based expert system ; expert system is developed as consulting service for users spread or public requires affordable access . the internet has become a medium for such services , but presence of mobile devices make the access becomes more widespread by utilizing mobile web and wap ( wireless application protocol ). applying expert systems applications over the web and wap requires a knowledge base representation that can be accessed simultaneously . th ←
→ microscopic advances with large - scale learning : stochastic optimization for cryo - em ; determining the 3d structures of biological molecules is a key problem for both biology and medicine . electron cryomicroscopy ( cryo - em ) is a promising technique for structure estimation which relies heavily on computational methods to reconstruct 3d structures from 2d images . this paper introduces the challenging cryo - em density estimation problem as a novel application for stochastic optimization techniques . structure d ←
→ online learning for effort reduction in interactive neural machine translation ; neural machine translation systems require large amounts of training data and resources . even with this , the quality of the translations may be insufficient for some users or domains . in such cases , the output of the system must be revised by a human agent . this can be done in a post - editing stage or following an interactive machine translation protocol . we explore the incremental update of neural machine translation system ←
→ monocular navigation in large scale dynamic environments ; we present a processing technique for a robust reconstruction of motion properties for single points in large scale , dynamic environments . we assume that the acquisition camera is moving and that there are other independently moving agents in a large environment , like road scenarios . the separation of direction and magnitude of the reconstructed motion allows for robust reconstruction of the dynamic state of the objects in situations , where conventi ←
→ how santa fe ants evolve ; the santa fe ant model problem has been extensively used to investigate , test and evaluate evolutionary computing systems and methods over the past two decades . there is however no literature on its program structures that are systematically used for fitness improvement , the geometries of those structures and their dynamics during optimization . this paper analyzes the santa fe ant problem using a new phenotypic schema and landscape analysis based on executed instruction sequences .←
→ entity identification as multitasking ; standard approaches in entity identification hard - code boundary detection and type prediction into labels ( e . g ., john / b - per smith / i - per ) and then perform viterbi . this has two disadvantages : 1 . the runtime complexity grows quadratically in the number of types , and 2 . there is no natural segment - level representation . in this paper , we propose a novel neural architecture that addresses these disadvantages . we frame the problem as multitasking , separating boundary detect ←
→ modeling and verification of a multi - agent argumentation system using nusmv ; autonomous intelligent agent research is a domain situated at the forefront of artificial intelligence . interest - based negotiation ( ibn ) is a form of negotiation in which agents exchange information about their underlying goals , with a view to improve the likelihood and quality of a offer . in this paper we model and verify a multi - agent argumentation scenario of resource sharing mechanism to enable resource sharing in a distribu ←
→ random forests for metric learning with implicit pairwise position dependence ; metric learning makes it plausible to learn distances for complex distributions of data from labeled data . however , to date , most metric learning methods are based on a single mahalanobis metric , which cannot handle heterogeneous data well . those that learn multiple metrics throughout the space have demonstrated superior accuracy , but at the cost of computational efficiency . here , we take a new angle to the metric learning pro ←
→ clustering mixed numeric and categorical data : a cluster ensemble approach ; clustering is a widely used technique in data mining applications for discovering patterns in underlying data . most traditional clustering algorithms are limited to handling datasets that contain either numeric or categorical attributes . however , datasets with mixed types of attributes are common in real life data mining applications . in this paper , we propose a novel divide - and - conquer technique to solve this problem . first , the ←
→ deep neural networks for anatomical brain segmentation ; we present a novel approach to automatically segment magnetic resonance ( mr ) images of the human brain into anatomical regions . our methodology is based on a deep artificial neural network that assigns each voxel in an mr image of the brain to its corresponding anatomical region . the inputs of the network capture information at different scales around the voxel of interest : 3d and orthogonal 2d intensity patches capture the local spatial context while ←
→ behavior pattern recognition using a new representation model ; we study the use of inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) as a tool for the recognition of agents ' behavior on the basis of observation of their sequential decision behavior interacting with the environment . we model the problem faced by the agents as a markov decision process ( mdp ) and model the observed behavior of the agents in terms of forward planning for the mdp . we use irl to learn reward functions and then use these reward functions as t ←
→ i wish i didn ' t say that ! analyzing and predicting deleted messages in twitter ; twitter has become a major source of data for social media researchers . one important aspect of twitter not previously considered are {\ em deletions } -- removal of tweets from the stream . deletions can be due to a multitude of reasons such as privacy concerns , rashness or attempts to undo public statements . we show how deletions can be automatically predicted ahead of time and analyse which tweets are likely to be deleted and ←
→ deep semantic classification for 3d lidar data ; robots are expected to operate autonomously in dynamic environments . understanding the underlying dynamic characteristics of objects is a key enabler for achieving this goal . in this paper , we propose a method for pointwise semantic classification of 3d lidar data into three classes : non - movable , movable and dynamic . we concentrate on understanding these specific semantics because they characterize important information required for an autonomous system . non -←
→ the price of anarchy in auctions ; this survey outlines a general and modular theory for proving approximation guarantees for equilibria of auctions in complex settings . this theory complements traditional economic techniques , which generally focus on exact and optimal solutions and are accordingly limited to relatively stylized settings . we highlight three user - friendly analytical tools : smoothness - type inequalities , which immediately yield approximation guarantees for many auction formats of interest in ←
→ deep galaxy : classification of galaxies based on deep convolutional neural networks ; in this paper , a deep convolutional neural network architecture for galaxies classification is presented . the galaxy can be classified based on its features into main three categories elliptical , spiral , and irregular . the proposed deep galaxies architecture consists of 8 layers , one main convolutional layer for features extraction with 96 filters , followed by two principles fully connected layers for classification . it ←
→ the gaussian process autoregressive regression model ( gpar ) ; multi - output regression models must exploit dependencies between outputs to maximise predictive performance . the application of gaussian processes ( gps ) to this setting typically yields models that are computationally demanding and have limited representational power . we present the gaussian process autoregressive regression ( gpar ) model , a scalable multi - output gp model that is able to capture nonlinear , possibly input - varying , dependencies betw ←
→ a computational approach to relative aesthetics ; computational visual aesthetics has recently become an active research area . existing state - of - art methods formulate this as a binary classification task where a given image is predicted to be beautiful or not . in many applications such as image retrieval and enhancement , it is more important to rank images based on their aesthetic quality instead of binary - categorizing them . furthermore , in such applications , it may be possible that all images belong to the ←
→ high performance human face recognition using independent high intensity gabor wavelet responses : a statistical approach ; in this paper , we present a technique by which high - intensity feature vectors extracted from the gabor wavelet transformation of frontal face images , is combined together with independent component analysis ( ica ) for enhanced face recognition . firstly , the high - intensity feature vectors are automatically extracted using the local characteristics of each individual face from the gabor ←
→ temporal - difference networks for dynamical systems with continuous observations and actions ; temporal - difference ( td ) networks are a class of predictive state representations that use well - established td methods to learn models of partially observable dynamical systems . previous research with td networks has dealt only with dynamical systems with finite sets of observations and actions . we present an algorithm for learning td network representations of dynamical systems with continuous observations and a ←
→ tom - net : learning transparent object matting from a single image ; this paper addresses the problem of transparent object matting . existing image matting approaches for transparent objects often require tedious capturing procedures and long processing time , which limit their practical use . in this paper , we first formulate transparent object matting as a refractive flow estimation problem . we then propose a deep learning framework , called tom - net , for learning the refractive flow . our framework comprises tw ←
→ a note on systematic conflict generation in ca - en - type causal structures ; this paper is aimed at providing a very first , more " global ", systematic point of view with respect to possible conflict generation in ca - en - like causal structures . for simplicity , only the outermost level of graphs is taken into account . localization of the " conflict area ", diagnostic preferences , and bases for systematic conflict generation are considered . a notion of {\ em potential conflict structure } ({\ em pcs }) constituting a ba ←
→ filtering tweets for social unrest ; since the events of the arab spring , there has been increased interest in using social media to anticipate social unrest . while efforts have been made toward automated unrest prediction , we focus on filtering the vast volume of tweets to identify tweets relevant to unrest , which can be provided to downstream users for further analysis . we train a supervised classifier that is able to label arabic language tweets as relevant to unrest with high reliability . we examine the ←
→ numerical coding of nominal data ; in this paper , a novel approach for coding nominal data is proposed . for the given nominal data , a rank in a form of complex number is assigned . the proposed method does not lose any information about the attribute and brings other properties previously unknown . the approach based on these knew properties can been used for classification . the analyzed example shows that classification with the use of coded nominal data or both numerical as well as coded nominal data is mor ←
→ a synthetic approach for recommendation : combining ratings , social relations , and reviews ; recommender systems ( rss ) provide an effective way of alleviating the information overload problem by selecting personalized choices . online social networks and user - generated content provide diverse sources for recommendation beyond ratings , which present opportunities as well as challenges for traditional rss . although social matrix factorization ( social mf ) can integrate ratings with social relations and topic m ←
→ analyzing the affect of a group of people using multi - modal framework ; millions of images on the web enable us to explore images from social events such as a family party , thus it is of interest to understand and model the affect exhibited by a group of people in images . but analysis of the affect expressed by multiple people is challenging due to varied indoor and outdoor settings , and interactions taking place between various numbers of people . a few existing works on group - level emotion recognition ( ger ←
→ generalizing modular logic programs ; even though modularity has been studied extensively in conventional logic programming , there are few approaches on how to incorporate modularity into answer set programming , a prominent rule - based declarative programming paradigm . a major approach is oikarinnen and janhunen ' s gaifman - shapiro - style architecture of program modules , which provides the composition of program modules . their module theorem properly strengthens lifschitz and turner ' s splitting set theorem for ←
→ a flexible coupling approach to multi - agent planning under incomplete information ; multi - agent planning ( map ) approaches are typically oriented at solving loosely - coupled problems , being ineffective to deal with more complex , strongly - related problems . in most cases , agents work under complete information , building complete knowledge bases . the present article introduces a general - purpose map framework designed to tackle problems of any coupling levels under incomplete information . agents in our map mode ←
→ exploiting multi - typed treebanks for parsing with deep multi - task learning ; various treebanks have been released for dependency parsing . despite that treebanks may belong to different languages or have different annotation schemes , they contain syntactic knowledge that is potential to benefit each other . this paper presents an universal framework for exploiting these multi - typed treebanks to improve parsing with deep multi - task learning . we consider two kinds of treebanks as source : the multilingual univ ←
→ face detection , bounding box aggregation and pose estimation for robust facial landmark localisation in the wild ; we present a framework for robust face detection and landmark localisation of faces in the wild , which has been evaluated as part of ` the 2nd facial landmark localisation competition '. the framework has four stages : face detection , bounding box aggregation , pose estimation and landmark localisation . to achieve a high detection rate , we use two publicly available cnn - based face detectors and t ←
→ lexical query modeling in session search ; lexical query modeling has been the leading paradigm for session search . in this paper , we analyze trec session query logs and compare the performance of different lexical matching approaches for session search . naive methods based on term frequency weighing perform on par with specialized session models . in addition , we investigate the viability of lexical query models in the setting of session search . we give important insights into the potential and limitations ←
→ class - specific image denoising using importance sampling ; in this paper , we propose a new image denoising method , tailored to specific classes of images , assuming that a dataset of clean images of the same class is available . similarly to the non - local means ( nlm ) algorithm , the proposed method computes a weighted average of non - local patches , which we interpret under the importance sampling framework . this viewpoint introduces flexibility regarding the adopted priors , the noise statistics , and the computa ←
→ association rule pruning based on interestingness measures with clustering ; association rule mining plays vital part in knowledge mining . the difficult task is discovering knowledge or useful rules from the large number of rules generated for reduced support . for pruning or grouping rules , several techniques are used such as rule structure cover methods , informative cover methods , rule clustering , etc . another way of selecting association rules is based on interestingness measures such as support , confid ←
→ deep learning for real - time crime forecasting and its ternarization ; real - time crime forecasting is important . however , accurate prediction of when and where the next crime will happen is difficult . no known physical model provides a reasonable approximation to such a complex system . historical crime data are sparse in both space and time and the signal of interests is weak . in this work , we first present a proper representation of crime data . we then adapt the spatial temporal residual network on the well ←
→ relevant explanations : allowing disjunctive assignments ; relevance - based explanation is a scheme in which partial assignments to bayesian belief network variables are explanations ( abductive conclusions ). we allow variables to remain unassigned in explanations as long as they are irrelevant to the explanation , where irrelevance is defined in terms of statistical independence . when multiple - valued variables exist in the system , especially when subsets of values correspond to natural types of events , the ove ←
→ strips planning in infinite domains ; many robotic planning applications involve continuous actions with highly non - linear constraints , which cannot be modeled using modern planners that construct a propositional representation . we introduce stripstream : an extension of the strips language which can model these domains by supporting the specification of blackbox generators to handle complex constraints . the outputs of these generators interact with actions through possibly infinite streams of objects and st ←
→ first - person hand action benchmark with rgb - d videos and 3d hand pose annotations ; in this work we study the use of 3d hand poses to recognize first - person hand actions interacting with 3d objects . towards this goal , we collected rgb - d video sequences of more than 100k frames of 45 daily hand action categories , involving 25 different objects in several hand grasp configurations . to obtain high quality hand pose annotations from real sequences , we used our own mo - cap system that automatically infers the l ←
→ intrusion detection on smartphones ; smartphone technology is more and more becoming the predominant communication tool for people across the world . people use their smartphones to keep their contact data , to browse the internet , to exchange messages , to keep notes , carry their personal files and documents , etc . users while browsing are also capable of shopping online , thus provoking a need to type their credit card numbers and security codes . as the smartphones are becoming widespread so do the security th ←
→ how to start training : the effect of initialization and architecture ; we investigate the effects of initialization and architecture on the start of training in deep relu nets . we identify two common failure modes for early training in which the mean and variance of activations are poorly behaved . for each failure mode , we give a rigorous proof of when it occurs at initialization and how to avoid it . the first failure mode , exploding / vanishing mean activation length , can be avoided by initializing weights f ←
→ recommendations for marketing campaigns in telecommunication business based on the footprint analysis ; a major investment made by a telecom operator goes into the infrastructure and its maintenance , while business revenues are proportional to how big and good the customer base is . we present a data - driven analytic strategy based on combinatorial optimization and analysis of historical data . the data cover historical mobility of the users in one region of sweden during a week . applying the proposed method ←
→ learned features are better for ethnicity classification ; ethnicity is a key demographic attribute of human beings and it plays a vital role in automatic facial recognition and have extensive real world applications such as human computer interaction ( hci ); demographic based classification ; biometric based recognition ; security and defense to name a few . in this paper we present a novel approach for extracting ethnicity from the facial images . the proposed method makes use of a pre trained convolutional ne ←
→ a computational model to disentangle semantic information embedded in word association norms ; two well - known databases of semantic relationships between pairs of words used in psycholinguistics , feature - based and association - based , are studied as complex networks . we propose an algorithm to disentangle feature based relationships from free association semantic networks . the algorithm uses the rich topology of the free association semantic network to produce a new set of relationships between words simila ←
→ a comparative study on linguistic feature selection in sentiment polarity classification ; sentiment polarity classification is perhaps the most widely studied topic . it classifies an opinionated document as expressing a positive or negative opinion . in this paper , using movie review dataset , we perform a comparative study with different single kind linguistic features and the combinations of these features . we find that the classic topic - based classifier ( naive bayes and support vector machine ) do not per ←
→ a ternary relation algebra of directed lines ; we define a ternary relation algebra ( ra ) of relative position relations on two - dimensional directed lines ( d - lines for short ). a d - line has two degrees of freedom ( dfs ): a rotational df ( rdf ), and a translational df ( tdf ). the representation of the rdf of a d - line will be handled by an ra of 2d orientations , cyc_t , known in the literature . a second algebra , ta_t , which will handle the tdf of a d - line , will be defined . the two algebras , cyc_t and ta_t , will con ←
→ recovering homography from camera captured documents using convolutional neural networks ; removing perspective distortion from hand held camera captured document images is one of the primitive tasks in document analysis , but unfortunately , no such method exists that can reliably remove the perspective distortion from document images automatically . in this paper , we propose a convolutional neural network based method for recovering homography from hand - held camera captured documents . our proposed method ←
→ men also like shopping : reducing gender bias amplification using corpus - level constraints ; language is increasingly being used to define rich visual recognition problems with supporting image collections sourced from the web . structured prediction models are used in these tasks to take advantage of correlations between co - occurring labels and visual input but risk inadvertently encoding social biases found in web corpora . in this work , we study data and models associated with multilabel object classifica ←
→ generating text with deep reinforcement learning ; we introduce a novel schema for sequence to sequence learning with a deep q - network ( dqn ), which decodes the output sequence iteratively . the aim here is to enable the decoder to first tackle easier portions of the sequences , and then turn to cope with difficult parts . specifically , in each iteration , an encoder - decoder long short - term memory ( lstm ) network is employed to , from the input sequence , automatically create features to represent the internal stat ←
→ tunable efficient unitary neural networks ( eunn ) and their application to rnns ; using unitary ( instead of general ) matrices in artificial neural networks ( anns ) is a promising way to solve the gradient explosion / vanishing problem , as well as to enable anns to learn long - term correlations in the data . this approach appears particularly promising for recurrent neural networks ( rnns ). in this work , we present a new architecture for implementing an efficient unitary neural network ( eunns ); its main advantage ←
→ robot localisation and 3d position estimation using a free - moving camera and cascaded convolutional neural networks ; many works in collaborative robotics and human - robot interaction focuses on identifying and predicting human behaviour while considering the information about the robot itself as given . this can be the case when sensors and the robot are calibrated in relation to each other and often the reconfiguration of the system is not possible , or extra manual work is required . we present a deep lear ←
→ deep neural network optimized to resistive memory with nonlinear current - voltage characteristics ; artificial neural network computation relies on intensive vector - matrix multiplications . recently , the emerging nonvolatile memory ( nvm ) crossbar array showed a feasibility of implementing such operations with high energy efficiency , thus there are many works on efficiently utilizing emerging nvm crossbar array as analog vector - matrix multiplier . however , its nonlinear i - v characteristics restrain critical d ←
→" knowing value " logic as a normal modal logic ; recent years witness a growing interest in nonstandard epistemic logics of " knowing whether ", " knowing what ", " knowing how ", and so on . these logics are usually not normal , i . e ., the standard axioms and reasoning rules for modal logic may be invalid . in this paper , we show that the conditional " knowing value " logic proposed by wang and fan \ cite { wf13 } can be viewed as a disguised normal modal logic by treating the negation of the kv operator as a special diamo ←
→ risk estimation for matrix recovery with spectral regularization ; in this paper , we develop an approach to recursively estimate the quadratic risk for matrix recovery problems regularized with spectral functions . toward this end , in the spirit of the sure theory , a key step is to compute the ( weak ) derivative and divergence of a solution with respect to the observations . as such a solution is not available in closed form , but rather through a proximal splitting algorithm , we propose to recursively compute ←
→ ternausnet : u - net with vgg11 encoder pre - trained on imagenet for image segmentation ; pixel - wise image segmentation is demanding task in computer vision . classical u - net architectures composed of encoders and decoders are very popular for segmentation of medical images , satellite images etc . typically , neural network initialized with weights from a network pre - trained on a large data set like imagenet shows better performance than those trained from scratch on a small dataset . in some practical applicatio ←
→ learning robust representations of text ; deep neural networks have achieved remarkable results across many language processing tasks , however these methods are highly sensitive to noise and adversarial attacks . we present a regularization based method for limiting network sensitivity to its inputs , inspired by ideas from computer vision , thus learning models that are more robust . empirical evaluation over a range of sentiment datasets with a convolutional neural network shows that , compared to a baseline m ←
→ stochastic and - or grammars : a unified framework and logic perspective ; stochastic and - or grammars ( aog ) extend traditional stochastic grammars of language to model other types of data such as images and events . in this paper we propose a representation framework of stochastic aogs that is agnostic to the type of the data being modeled and thus unifies various domain - specific aogs . many existing grammar formalisms and probabilistic models in natural language processing , computer vision , and machine learning ←
→ hierarchical deep learning architecture for 10k objects classification ; evolution of visual object recognition architectures based on convolutional neural networks & convolutional deep belief networks paradigms has revolutionized artificial vision science . these architectures extract & learn the real world hierarchical visual features utilizing supervised & unsupervised learning approaches respectively . both the approaches yet cannot scale up realistically to provide recognition for a very large number of ←
→ statistical inference for model parameters in stochastic gradient descent ; the stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) algorithm has been widely used in statistical estimation for large - scale data due to its computational and memory efficiency . while most existing work focuses on the convergence of the objective function or the error of the obtained solution , we investigate the problem of statistical inference of the true model parameters based on sgd . to this end , we propose two consistent estimators of the a ←
→ belief propagation for structured decision making ; variational inference algorithms such as belief propagation have had tremendous impact on our ability to learn and use graphical models , and give many insights for developing or understanding exact and approximate inference . however , variational approaches have not been widely adoped for decision making in graphical models , often formulated through influence diagrams and including both centralized and decentralized ( or multi - agent ) decisions . in this work ,←
→ segmenting brain tumors with symmetry ; we explore encoding brain symmetry into a neural network for a brain tumor segmentation task . a healthy human brain is symmetric at a high level of abstraction , and the high - level asymmetric parts are more likely to be tumor regions . paying more attention to asymmetries has the potential to boost the performance in brain tumor segmentation . we propose a method to encode brain symmetry into existing neural networks and apply the method to a state - of - the - art neural netw ←
→ weighted positive binary decision diagrams for exact probabilistic inference ; recent work on weighted model counting has been very successfully applied to the problem of probabilistic inference in bayesian networks . the probability distribution is encoded into a boolean normal form and compiled to a target language , in order to represent local structure expressed among conditional probabilities more efficiently . we show that further improvements are possible , by exploiting the knowledge that is lost duri ←
→ dugma : dynamic uncertainty - based gaussian mixture alignment ; registering accurately point clouds from a cheap low - resolution sensor is a challenging task . existing rigid registration methods failed to use the physical 3d uncertainty distribution of each point from a real sensor in the dynamic alignment process mainly because the uncertainty model for a point is static and invariant and it is hard to describe the change of these physical uncertainty models in the registration process . additionally , the exis ←
→ let ' s get the student into the driver ' s seat ; speaking a language and achieving proficiency in another one is a highly complex process which requires the acquisition of various kinds of knowledge and skills , like the learning of words , rules and patterns and their connection to communicative goals ( intentions ), the usual starting point . to help the learner to acquire these skills we propose an enhanced , electronic version of an age old method : pattern drills ( henceforth pds ). while being highly regarded in ←
→ on the ground validation of online diagnosis with twitter and medical records ; social media has been considered as a data source for tracking disease . however , most analyses are based on models that prioritize strong correlation with population - level disease rates over determining whether or not specific individual users are actually sick . taking a different approach , we develop a novel system for social - media based disease detection at the individual level using a sample of professionally diagnosed indi ←
→ group sparse bayesian learning for active surveillance on epidemic dynamics ; predicting epidemic dynamics is of great value in understanding and controlling diffusion processes , such as infectious disease spread and information propagation . this task is intractable , especially when surveillance resources are very limited . to address the challenge , we study the problem of active surveillance , i . e ., how to identify a small portion of system components as sentinels to effect monitoring , such that the epidem ←
→ comunication - efficient algorithms for statistical optimization ; we analyze two communication - efficient algorithms for distributed statistical optimization on large - scale data sets . the first algorithm is a standard averaging method that distributes the $ n $ data samples evenly to $\ nummac $ machines , performs separate minimization on each subset , and then averages the estimates . we provide a sharp analysis of this average mixture algorithm , showing that under a reasonable set of conditions , the combined para ←
→ comparison of support vector machine and back propagation neural network in evaluating the enterprise financial distress ; recently , applying the novel data mining techniques for evaluating enterprise financial distress has received much research alternation . support vector machine ( svm ) and back propagation neural ( bpn ) network has been applied successfully in many areas with excellent generalization results , such as rule extraction , classification and evaluation . in this paper , a model based on svm with ←
→ detecting statistical interactions from neural network weights ; interpreting neural networks is a crucial and challenging task in machine learning . in this paper , we develop a novel framework for detecting statistical interactions captured by a feedforward multilayer neural network by directly interpreting its learned weights . depending on the desired interactions , our method can achieve significantly better or similar interaction detection performance compared to the state - of - the - art without searching an ←
→ evaluationnet : can human skill be evaluated by deep networks ? ; with the recent substantial growth of media such as youtube , a considerable number of instructional videos covering a wide variety of tasks are available online . therefore , online instructional videos have become a rich resource for humans to learn everyday skills . in order to improve the effectiveness of the learning with instructional video , observation and evaluation of the activity are required . however , it is difficult to observe and evalu ←
→ improved anomaly detection in crowded scenes via cell - based analysis of foreground speed , size and texture ; a robust and efficient anomaly detection technique is proposed , capable of dealing with crowded scenes where traditional tracking based approaches tend to fail . initial foreground segmentation of the input frames confines the analysis to foreground objects and effectively ignores irrelevant background dynamics . input frames are split into non - overlapping cells , followed by extracting features based ←
→ dmath : a scalable linear algebra and math library for heterogeneous gp - gpu architectures ; a new scalable parallel math library , dmath , is presented in this paper that demonstrates leading scaling when using intranode , or internode , hybrid - parallelism for deep - learning . dmath provides easy - to - use distributed base primitives and a variety of domain - specific algorithms . these include matrix multiplication , convolutions , and others allowing for rapid development of highly scalable applications , including dee ←
→ in all likelihood , deep belief is not enough ; statistical models of natural stimuli provide an important tool for researchers in the fields of machine learning and computational neuroscience . a canonical way to quantitatively assess and compare the performance of statistical models is given by the likelihood . one class of statistical models which has recently gained increasing popularity and has been applied to a variety of complex data are deep belief networks . analyses of these models , however , have been ←
→ pay attention to those sets ! learning quantification from images ; major advances have recently been made in merging language and vision representations . but most tasks considered so far have confined themselves to the processing of objects and lexicalised relations amongst objects ( content words ). we know , however , that humans ( even pre - school children ) can abstract over raw data to perform certain types of higher - level reasoning , expressed in natural language by function words . a case in point is given by ←
→ structured sparse modelling with hierarchical gp ; in this paper a new bayesian model for sparse linear regression with a spatio - temporal structure is proposed . it incorporates the structural assumptions based on a hierarchical gaussian process prior for spike and slab coefficients . we design an inference algorithm based on expectation propagation and evaluate the model over the real data .←
→ scalable adaptive stochastic optimization using random projections ; adaptive stochastic gradient methods such as adagrad have gained popularity in particular for training deep neural networks . the most commonly used and studied variant maintains a diagonal matrix approximation to second order information by accumulating past gradients which are used to tune the step size adaptively . in certain situations the full - matrix variant of adagrad is expected to attain better performance , however in high dimensions ←
→ bayes and naive bayes classifier ; the bayesian classification represents a supervised learning method as well as a statistical method for classification . assumes an underlying probabilistic model and it allows us to capture uncertainty about the model in a principled way by determining probabilities of the outcomes . this classification is named after thomas bayes ( 1702 - 1761 ), who proposed the bayes theorem . bayesian classification provides practical learning algorithms and prior knowledge and observed data ←
→ gait recognition from motion capture data ; gait recognition from motion capture data , as a pattern classification discipline , can be improved by the use of machine learning . this paper contributes to the state - of - the - art with a statistical approach for extracting robust gait features directly from raw data by a modification of linear discriminant analysis with maximum margin criterion . experiments on the cmu mocap database show that the suggested method outperforms thirteen relevant methods based on geomet ←
→ improved total variation based image compressive sensing recovery by nonlocal regularization ; recently , total variation ( tv ) based minimization algorithms have achieved great success in compressive sensing ( cs ) recovery for natural images due to its virtue of preserving edges . however , the use of tv is not able to recover the fine details and textures , and often suffers from undesirable staircase artifact . to reduce these effects , this letter presents an improved tv based image cs recovery algorithm by i ←
→ seeing behind the camera : identifying the authorship of a photograph ; we introduce the novel problem of identifying the photographer behind a photograph . to explore the feasibility of current computer vision techniques to address this problem , we created a new dataset of over 180 , 000 images taken by 41 well - known photographers . using this dataset , we examined the effectiveness of a variety of features ( low and high - level , including cnn features ) at identifying the photographer . we also trained a new deep c ←
→ inferring clonal evolution of tumors from single nucleotide somatic mutations ; high - throughput sequencing allows the detection and quantification of frequencies of somatic single nucleotide variants ( snv ) in heterogeneous tumor cell populations . in some cases , the evolutionary history and population frequency of the subclonal lineages of tumor cells present in the sample can be reconstructed from these snv frequency measurements . however , automated methods to do this reconstruction are not available and ←
→ formalized lambek calculus in higher order logic ( hol4 ) ; in this project , a rather complete proof - theoretical formalization of lambek calculus ( non - associative with arbitrary extensions ) has been ported from coq proof assistent to hol4 theorem prover , with some improvements and new theorems . three deduction systems ( syntactic calculus , natural deduction and sequent calculus ) of lambek calculus are defined with many related theorems proved . the equivalance between these systems are formally proved . finall ←
→ a gps pseudorange based cooperative vehicular distance measurement technique ; accurate vehicular localization is important for various cooperative vehicle safety ( cvs ) applications such as collision avoidance , turning assistant , etc . in this paper , we propose a cooperative vehicular distance measurement technique based on the sharing of gps pseudorange measurements and a weighted least squares method . the classic double difference pseudorange solution , which was originally designed for high - end survey le ←
→ unscented bayesian optimization for safe robot grasping ; we address the robot grasp optimization problem of unknown objects considering uncertainty in the input space . grasping unknown objects can be achieved by using a trial and error exploration strategy . bayesian optimization is a sample efficient optimization algorithm that is especially suitable for this setups as it actively reduces the number of trials for learning about the function to optimize . in fact , this active object exploration is the same s ←
→ compression of neural machine translation models via pruning ; neural machine translation ( nmt ), like many other deep learning domains , typically suffers from over - parameterization , resulting in large storage sizes . this paper examines three simple magnitude - based pruning schemes to compress nmt models , namely class - blind , class - uniform , and class - distribution , which differ in terms of how pruning thresholds are computed for the different classes of weights in the nmt architecture . we demonstrate the effica ←
→ improving sentence compression by learning to predict gaze ; we show how eye - tracking corpora can be used to improve sentence compression models , presenting a novel multi - task learning algorithm based on multi - layer lstms . we obtain performance competitive with or better than state - of - the - art approaches .←
→ transformation - grounded image generation network for novel 3d view synthesis ; we present a transformation - grounded image generation network for novel 3d view synthesis from a single image . instead of taking a ' blank slate ' approach , we first explicitly infer the parts of the geometry visible both in the input and novel views and then re - cast the remaining synthesis problem as image completion . specifically , we both predict a flow to move the pixels from the input to the novel view along with a novel visi ←
→ motion saliency based automatic delineation of glottis contour in high - speed digital images ; in recent years , high - speed videoendoscopy ( hsv ) has significantly aided the diagnosis of voice pathologies and furthered the understanding the voice production in recent years . as the first step of these studies , automatic segmentation of glottal images till presents a major challenge for this technique . in this paper , we propose an improved saliency network that automatically delineates the contour of the glott ←
→ higher order matching pursuit for low rank tensor learning ; low rank tensor learning , such as tensor completion and multilinear multitask learning , has received much attention in recent years . in this paper , we propose higher order matching pursuit for low rank tensor learning problems with a convex or a nonconvex cost function , which is a generalization of the matching pursuit type methods . at each iteration , the main cost of the proposed methods is only to compute a rank - one tensor , which can be done eff ←
→ weednet : dense semantic weed classification using multispectral images and mav for smart farming ; selective weed treatment is a critical step in autonomous crop management as related to crop health and yield . however , a key challenge is reliable , and accurate weed detection to minimize damage to surrounding plants . in this paper , we present an approach for dense semantic weed classification with multispectral images collected by a micro aerial vehicle ( mav ). we use the recently developed encoder - decoder ←
→ deep tracking : seeing beyond seeing using recurrent neural networks ; this paper presents to the best of our knowledge the first end - to - end object tracking approach which directly maps from raw sensor input to object tracks in sensor space without requiring any feature engineering or system identification in the form of plant or sensor models . specifically , our system accepts a stream of raw sensor data at one end and , in real - time , produces an estimate of the entire environment state at the output includin ←
→ maximum likelihood mosaics ; the majority of the approaches to the automatic recovery of a panoramic image from a set of partial views are suboptimal in the sense that the input images are aligned , or registered , pair by pair , e . g ., consecutive frames of a video clip . these approaches lead to propagation errors that may be very severe , particularly when dealing with videos that show the same region at disjoint time intervals . although some authors have proposed a post - processing step to reduce the registrat ←
→ signal and noise statistics oblivious sparse reconstruction using omp / ols ; orthogonal matching pursuit ( omp ) and orthogonal least squares ( ols ) are widely used for sparse signal reconstruction in under - determined linear regression problems . the performance of these compressed sensing ( cs ) algorithms depends crucially on the \ textit { a priori } knowledge of either the sparsity of the signal ($ k_0 $) or noise variance ($\ sigma ^ 2 $). both $ k_0 $ and $\ sigma ^ 2 $ are unknown in general and extremely difficult to es ←
→ time - dependent utility and action under uncertainty ; we discuss representing and reasoning with knowledge about the time - dependent utility of an agent ' s actions . time - dependent utility plays a crucial role in the interaction between computation and action under bounded resources . we present a semantics for time - dependent utility and describe the use of time - dependent information in decision contexts . we illustrate our discussion with examples of time - pressured reasoning in protos , a system constructed to e ←
→ graphgan : graph representation learning with generative adversarial nets ; the goal of graph representation learning is to embed each vertex in a graph into a low - dimensional vector space . existing graph representation learning methods can be classified into two categories : generative models that learn the underlying connectivity distribution in the graph , and discriminative models that predict the probability of edge existence between a pair of vertices . in this paper , we propose graphgan , an innovative gr ←
→ anomaly detection in a digital video broadcasting system using timed automata ; this paper focuses on detecting anomalies in a digital video broadcasting ( dvb ) system from providers ' perspective . we learn a probabilistic deterministic real timed automaton profiling benign behavior of encryption control in the dvb control access system . this profile is used as a one - class classifier . anomalous items in a testing sequence are detected when the sequence is not accepted by the learned model .←
→ towards dense object tracking in a 2d honeybee hive ; from human crowds to cells in tissue , the detection and efficient tracking of multiple objects in dense configurations is an important and unsolved problem . in the past , limitations of image analysis have restricted studies of dense groups to tracking a single or subset of marked individuals , or to coarse - grained group - level dynamics , all of which yield incomplete information . here , we combine convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) with the model environme ←
→ summable reparameterizations of wasserstein critics in the one - dimensional setting ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are an exciting alternative to algorithms for solving density estimation problems --- using data to assess how likely samples are to be drawn from the same distribution . instead of explicitly computing these probabilities , gans learn a generator that can match the given probabilistic source . this paper looks particularly at this matching capability in the context of problems with one - d ←
→ mean field bayes backpropagation : scalable training of multilayer neural networks with binary weights ; significant success has been reported recently using deep neural networks for classification . such large networks can be computationally intensive , even after training is over . implementing these trained networks in hardware chips with a limited precision of synaptic weights may improve their speed and energy efficiency by several orders of magnitude , thus enabling their integration into small and low - p ←
→ destination prediction by trajectory distribution based model ; in this paper we propose a new method to predict the final destination of vehicle trips based on their initial partial trajectories . we first review how we obtained clustering of trajectories that describes user behaviour . then , we explain how we model main traffic flow patterns by a mixture of 2d gaussian distributions . this yielded a density based clustering of locations , which produces a data driven grid of similar points within each pattern ←
→ an augmented lagrangian method for piano transcription using equal loudness thresholding and lstm - based decoding ; a central goal in automatic music transcription is to detect individual note events in music recordings . an important variant is instrument - dependent music transcription where methods can use calibration data for the instruments in use . however , despite the additional information , results rarely exceed an f - measure of 80 %. as a potential explanation , the transcription problem can be shown to ←
→ geospatial semantics ; geospatial semantics is a broad field that involves a variety of research areas . the term semantics refers to the meaning of things , and is in contrast with the term syntactics . accordingly , studies on geospatial semantics usually focus on understanding the meaning of geographic entities as well as their counterparts in the cognitive and digital world , such as cognitive geographic concepts and digital gazetteers . geospatial semantics can also facilitate the design of geographic inform ←
→ noisy activation functions ; common nonlinear activation functions used in neural networks can cause training difficulties due to the saturation behavior of the activation function , which may hide dependencies that are not visible to vanilla - sgd ( using first order gradients only ). gating mechanisms that use softly saturating activation functions to emulate the discrete switching of digital logic circuits are good examples of this . we propose to exploit the injection of appropriate noise so that the gradient ←
→ an agent based architecture ( using planning ) for dynamic and semantic web services composition in an ebxml context ; the process - based semantic composition of web services is gaining a considerable momentum as an approach for the effective integration of distributed , heterogeneous , and autonomous applications . to compose web services semantically , we need an ontology . there are several ways of inserting semantics in web services . one of them consists of using description languages like owl - s . in this pape ←
→ responsibility and blame : a structural - model approach ; causality is typically treated an all - or - nothing concept ; either a is a cause of b or it is not . we extend the definition of causality introduced by halpern and pearl [ 2001 ] to take into account the degree of responsibility of a for b . for example , if someone wins an election 11 -- 0 , then each person who votes for him is less responsible for the victory than if he had won 6 -- 5 . we then define a notion of degree of blame , which takes into account an agen ←
→ an effective approach for point clouds registration based on the hard and soft assignments ; for the registration of partially overlapping point clouds , this paper proposes an effective approach based on both the hard and soft assignments . given two initially posed clouds , it firstly establishes the forward correspondence for each point in the data shape and calculates the value of binary variable , which can indicate whether this point correspondence is located in the overlapping areas or not . then , it es ←
→ semi - supervised eigenvectors for large - scale locally - biased learning ; in many applications , one has side information , e . g ., labels that are provided in a semi - supervised manner , about a specific target region of a large data set , and one wants to perform machine learning and data analysis tasks " nearby " that prespecified target region . for example , one might be interested in the clustering structure of a data graph near a prespecified " seed set " of nodes , or one might be interested in finding partitions in ←
→ keyphrase annotation with graph co - ranking ; keyphrase annotation is the task of identifying textual units that represent the main content of a document . keyphrase annotation is either carried out by extracting the most important phrases from a document , keyphrase extraction , or by assigning entries from a controlled domain - specific vocabulary , keyphrase assignment . assignment methods are generally more reliable . they provide better - formed keyphrases , as well as keyphrases that do not occur in the document .←
→ efficient supervised learning in networks with binary synapses ; recent experimental studies indicate that synaptic changes induced by neuronal activity are discrete jumps between a small number of stable states . learning in systems with discrete synapses is known to be a computationally hard problem . here , we study a neurobiologically plausible on - line learning algorithm that derives from belief propagation algorithms . we show that it performs remarkably well in a model neuron with binary synapses , and a f ←
→ theosea : marching theory to light ; there is sufficient information in the far - field of a radiating dipole antenna to rediscover the maxwell equations and the wave equations of light , including the speed of light $ c .$ theosea is a julia program that does this in about a second , and the key insight is that the compactness of theories drives the search . the program is a computational embodiment of the scientific method : observation , consideration of candidate theories , and validation .←
→ efficient computation in adaptive artificial spiking neural networks ; artificial neural networks ( anns ) are bio - inspired models of neural computation that have proven highly effective . still , anns lack a natural notion of time , and neural units in anns exchange analog values in a frame - based manner , a computationally and energetically inefficient form of communication . this contrasts sharply with biological neurons that communicate sparingly and efficiently using binary spikes . while artificial spiking neu ←
→ deep cross residual learning for multitask visual recognition ; residual learning has recently surfaced as an effective means of constructing very deep neural networks for object recognition . however , current incarnations of residual networks do not allow for the modeling and integration of complex relations between closely coupled recognition tasks or across domains . such problems are often encountered in multimedia applications involving large - scale content recognition . we propose a novel extension of res ←
→ multispectral image intrinsic decomposition via low rank constraint ; multispectral images contain many clues of surface characteristics of the objects , thus can be widely used in many computer vision tasks , e . g ., recolorization and segmentation . however , due to the complex illumination and the geometry structure of natural scenes , the spectra curves of a same surface can look very different . in this paper , a low rank multispectral image intrinsic decomposition model ( lriid ) is presented to decompose the sh ←
→ brain - inspired deep networks for image aesthetics assessment ; image aesthetics assessment has been challenging due to its subjective nature . inspired by the scientific advances in the human visual perception and neuroaesthetics , we design brain - inspired deep networks ( bdn ) for this task . bdn first learns attributes through the parallel supervised pathways , on a variety of selected feature dimensions . a high - level synthesis network is trained to associate and transform those attributes into the overall aest ←
→ on the generalizability of linear and non - linear region of interest - based multivariate regression models for fmri data ; in contrast to conventional , univariate analysis , various types of multivariate analysis have been applied to functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) data . in this paper , we compare two contemporary approaches for multivariate regression on task - based fmri data : linear regression with ridge regularization and non - linear symbolic regression using genetic programming . the data for th ←
→ deep lstm for large vocabulary continuous speech recognition ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), especially long short - term memory ( lstm ) rnns , are effective network for sequential task like speech recognition . deeper lstm models perform well on large vocabulary continuous speech recognition , because of their impressive learning ability . however , it is more difficult to train a deeper network . we introduce a training framework with layer - wise training and exponential moving average methods for deeper lstm m ←
→ thin - slicing network : a deep structured model for pose estimation in videos ; deep convnets have been shown to be effective for the task of human pose estimation from single images . however , several challenging issues arise in the video - based case such as self - occlusion , motion blur , and uncommon poses with few or no examples in training data sets . temporal information can provide additional cues about the location of body joints and help to alleviate these issues . in this paper , we propose a deep structu ←
→ artificial brain based on credible neural circuits in a human brain ; neurons are individually translated into simple gates to plan a brain based on human psychology and intelligence . state machines , assumed previously learned in subconscious associative memory are shown to enable equation solving and rudimentary thinking using nanoprocessing within short term memory .←
→ browser - based distributed evolutionary computation : performance and scaling behavior ; the challenge of ad - hoc computing is to find the way of taking advantage of spare cycles in an efficient way that takes into account all capabilities of the devices and interconnections available to them . in this paper we explore distributed evolutionary computation based on the ruby on rails framework , which overlays a model - view - controller on evolutionary computation . it allows anybody with a web browser ( that is , mos ←
→ how robust are character - based word embeddings in tagging and mt against wrod scramlbing or randdm nouse ? ; this paper investigates the robustness of nlp against perturbed word forms . while neural approaches can achieve ( almost ) human - like accuracy for certain tasks and conditions , they often are sensitive to small changes in the input such as non - canonical input ( e . g ., typos ). yet both stability and robustness are desired properties in applications involving user - generated content , and the more as humans ←
→ image matching via loopy rnn ; most existing matching algorithms are one - off algorithms , i . e ., they usually measure the distance between the two image feature representation vectors for only one time . in contrast , human ' s vision system achieves this task , i . e ., image matching , by recursively looking at specific / related parts of both images and then making the final judgement . towards this end , we propose a novel loopy recurrent neural network ( loopy rnn ), which is capable of aggregating relationship informa ←
→ families of dendrograms ; a conceptual framework for cluster analysis from the viewpoint of p - adic geometry is introduced by describing the space of all dendrograms for n datapoints and relating it to the moduli space of p - adic riemannian spheres with punctures using a method recently applied by murtagh ( 2004b ). this method embeds a dendrogram as a subtree into the bruhat - tits tree associated to the p - adic numbers , and goes back to cornelissen et al . ( 2001 ) in p - adic geometry . after explaining the definitio ←
→ dropin : making reservoir computing neural networks robust to missing inputs by dropout ; the paper presents a novel , principled approach to train recurrent neural networks from the reservoir computing family that are robust to missing part of the input features at prediction time . by building on the ensembling properties of dropout regularization , we propose a methodology , named dropin , which efficiently trains a neural model as a committee machine of subnetworks , each capable of predicting with a subset ←
→ less is more : picking informative frames for video captioning ; in video captioning task , the best practice has been achieved by attention - based models which associate salient visual components with sentences in the video . however , existing study follows a common procedure which includes a frame - level appearance modeling and motion modeling on equal interval frame sampling , which may bring about redundant visual information , sensitivity to content noise and unnecessary computation cost . we propose a plug -←
→ learning to represent programs with graphs ; learning tasks on source code ( i . e ., formal languages ) have been considered recently , but most work has tried to transfer natural language methods and does not capitalize on the unique opportunities offered by code ' s known syntax . for example , long - range dependencies induced by using the same variable or function in distant locations are often not considered . we propose to use graphs to represent both the syntactic and semantic structure of code and use graph - bas ←
→ the multi - layer information bottleneck problem ; the muti - layer information bottleneck ( ib ) problem , where information is propagated ( or successively refined ) from layer to layer , is considered . based on information forwarded by the preceding layer , each stage of the network is required to preserve a certain level of relevance with regards to a specific hidden variable , quantified by the mutual information . the hidden variables and the source can be arbitrarily correlated . the optimal trade - off between rate ←
→ generator reversal ; we consider the problem of training generative models with deep neural networks as generators , i . e . to map latent codes to data points . whereas the dominant paradigm combines simple priors over codes with complex deterministic models , we propose instead to use more flexible code distributions . these distributions are estimated non - parametrically by reversing the generator map during training . the benefits include : more powerful generative models , better modeling of latent structure and ←
→ on classification of distorted images with deep convolutional neural networks ; image blur and image noise are common distortions during image acquisition . in this paper , we systematically study the effect of image distortions on the deep neural network ( dnn ) image classifiers . first , we examine the dnn classifier performance under four types of distortions . second , we propose two approaches to alleviate the effect of image distortion : re - training and fine - tuning with noisy images . our results suggest tha ←
→ optimisation dans la détection de communautés recouvrantes et équilibre de nash ; community detection in graphs has been the subject of many algorithms . recent methods want to optimize a modularity function which shows a maximum of relationships within communities and found a minimum of inter - community relations . these algorithms are applied to unipartite , multipartite and directed graphs . however , given the np - completeness of the problem , these algorithms are heuristics that do not guarantee an optimum . ←
→ a note on learning algorithms for quadratic assignment with graph neural networks ; many inverse problems are formulated as optimization problems over certain appropriate input distributions . recently , there has been a growing interest in understanding the computational hardness of these optimization problems , not only in the worst case , but in an average - complexity sense under this same input distribution . in this note , we are interested in studying another aspect of hardness , related to the ability to ←
→ adaptive tag selection for image annotation ; not all tags are relevant to an image , and the number of relevant tags is image - dependent . although many methods have been proposed for image auto - annotation , the question of how to determine the number of tags to be selected per image remains open . the main challenge is that for a large tag vocabulary , there is often a lack of ground truth data for acquiring optimal cutoff thresholds per tag . in contrast to previous works that pre - specify the number of tags to ←
→ improved semantic representations from tree - structured long short - term memory networks ; because of their superior ability to preserve sequence information over time , long short - term memory ( lstm ) networks , a type of recurrent neural network with a more complex computational unit , have obtained strong results on a variety of sequence modeling tasks . the only underlying lstm structure that has been explored so far is a linear chain . however , natural language exhibits syntactic properties that would natural ←
→ automated thermal face recognition based on minutiae extraction ; in this paper an efficient approach for human face recognition based on the use of minutiae points in thermal face image is proposed . the thermogram of human face is captured by thermal infra - red camera . image processing methods are used to pre - process the captured thermogram , from which different physiological features based on blood perfusion data are extracted . blood perfusion data are related to distribution of blood vessels under the fac ←
→ notes on elementary spectral graph theory . applications to graph clustering using normalized cuts ; these are notes on the method of normalized graph cuts and its applications to graph clustering . i provide a fairly thorough treatment of this deeply original method due to shi and malik , including complete proofs . i include the necessary background on graphs and graph laplacians . i then explain in detail how the eigenvectors of the graph laplacian can be used to draw a graph . this is an attractive applicat ←
→ neural headline generation with sentence - wise optimization ; recently , neural models have been proposed for headline generation by learning to map documents to headlines with recurrent neural networks . nevertheless , as traditional neural network utilizes maximum likelihood estimation for parameter optimization , it essentially constrains the expected training objective within word level rather than sentence level . moreover , the performance of model prediction significantly relies on training data distributio ←
→ introducing a calculus of effects and handlers for natural language semantics ; in compositional model - theoretic semantics , researchers assemble truth - conditions or other kinds of denotations using the lambda calculus . it was previously observed that the lambda terms and / or the denotations studied tend to follow the same pattern : they are instances of a monad . in this paper , we present an extension of the simply - typed lambda calculus that exploits this uniformity using the recently discovered technique of ←
→ evolving boolean regulatory networks with epigenetic control ; the significant role of epigenetic mechanisms within natural systems has become increasingly clear . this paper uses a recently presented abstract , tunable boolean genetic regulatory network model to explore aspects of epigenetics . it is shown how dynamically controlling transcription via a dna methylation - inspired mechanism can be selected for by simulated evolution under various single and multiple cell scenarios . further , it is shown that the ←
→ trust - tech based methods for optimization and learning ; many problems that arise in machine learning domain deal with nonlinearity and quite often demand users to obtain global optimal solutions rather than local optimal ones . optimization problems are inherent in machine learning algorithms and hence many methods in machine learning were inherited from the optimization literature . popularly known as the initialization problem , the ideal set of parameters required will significantly depend on the given ini ←
→ sgd and hogwild ! convergence without the bounded gradients assumption ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is the optimization algorithm of choice in many machine learning applications such as regularized empirical risk minimization and training deep neural networks . the classical analysis of convergence of sgd is carried out under the assumption that the norm of the stochastic gradient is uniformly bounded . while this might hold for some loss functions , it is always violated for cases where the objective fu ←
→ phrase based language model for statistical machine translation : empirical study ; reordering is a challenge to machine translation ( mt ) systems . in mt , the widely used approach is to apply word based language model ( lm ) which considers the constituent units of a sentence as words . in speech recognition ( sr ), some phrase based lm have been proposed . however , those lms are not necessarily suitable or optimal for reordering . we propose two phrase based lms which considers the constituent units of a sentence ←
→ a two - pass fuzzy - geno approach to pattern classification ; the work presents an extension of the fuzzy approach to 2 - d shape recognition [ 1 ] through refinement of initial or coarse classification decisions under a two pass approach . in this approach , an unknown pattern is classified by refining possible classification decisions obtained through coarse classification of the same . to build a fuzzy model of a pattern class horizontal and vertical fuzzy partitions on the sample images of the class are optimized ←
→ robust inference of trees ; this paper is concerned with the reliable inference of optimal tree - approximations to the dependency structure of an unknown distribution generating data . the traditional approach to the problem measures the dependency strength between random variables by the index called mutual information . in this paper reliability is achieved by walley ' s imprecise dirichlet model , which generalizes bayesian learning with dirichlet priors . adopting the imprecise dirichlet model results in poste ←
→ novel and tuneable method for skin detection based on hybrid color space and color statistical features ; skin detection is one of the most important and primary stages in some of image processing applications such as face detection and human tracking . so far , many approaches are proposed to done this case . near all of these methods have tried to find best match intensity distribution with skin pixels based on popular color spaces such as rgb , cmyk or ycbcr . results show these methods cannot provide an ac ←
→ automatic open space area extraction and change detection from high resolution urban satellite images ; in this paper , we study efficient and reliable automatic extraction algorithm to find out the open space area from the high resolution urban satellite imagery , and to detect changes from the extracted open space area during the period 2003 , 2006 and 2008 . this automatic extraction and change detection algorithm uses some filters , segmentation and grouping that are applied on satellite images . the result ←
→ improving distributed representations of tweets - present and future ; unsupervised representation learning for tweets is an important research field which helps in solving several business applications such as sentiment analysis , hashtag prediction , paraphrase detection and microblog ranking . a good tweet representation learning model must handle the idiosyncratic nature of tweets which poses several challenges such as short length , informal words , unusual grammar and misspellings . however , there is a lack ←
→ finite - state phonology : proceedings of the 5th workshop of the acl special interest group in computational phonology ( sigphon ) ; home page of the workshop proceedings , with pointers to the individually archived papers . includes front matter from the printed version of the proceedings .←
→ maxdnn : an efficient convolution kernel for deep learning with maxwell gpus ; this paper describes maxdnn , a computationally efficient convolution kernel for deep learning with the nvidia maxwell gpu . maxdnn reaches 96 . 3 % computational efficiency on typical deep learning network architectures . the design combines ideas from cuda - convnet2 with the maxas sgemm assembly code . we only address forward propagation ( fprop ) operation of the network , but we believe that the same techniques used here will be effect ←
→ generic inference in latent gaussian process models ; we develop an automated variational method for inference in models with gaussian process ( gp ) priors and general likelihoods . the method supports multiple outputs and multiple latent functions and does not require detailed knowledge of the conditional likelihood , only needing its evaluation as a black - box function . using a mixture of gaussians as the variational distribution , we show that the evidence lower bound and its gradients can be estimated effici ←
→ modeling meaning : computational interpreting and understanding of natural language fragments ; in this introductory article we present the basics of an approach to implementing computational interpreting of natural language aiming to model the meanings of words and phrases . unlike other approaches , we attempt to define the meanings of text fragments in a composable and computer interpretable way . we discuss models and ideas for detecting different types of semantic incomprehension and choosing the interpr ←
→ it ' s distributions all the way down !: second order changes in statistical distributions also occur ; the textual , big - data literature misses bentley , obrien , & brocks ( bentley et als ) message on distributions ; it largely examines the first - order effects of how a single , signature distribution can predict population behaviour , neglecting second - order effects involving distributional shifts , either between signature distributions or within a given signature distribution . indeed , bentley et al . themselves un ←
→ concentration inequalities of the cross - validation estimator for empirical risk minimiser ; in this article , we derive concentration inequalities for the cross - validation estimate of the generalization error for empirical risk minimizers . in the general setting , we prove sanity - check bounds in the spirit of \ cite { kr99 } \ textquotedblleft \ textit { bounds showing that the worst - case error of this estimate is not much worse that of training error estimate } \ textquotedblright . general loss functions and class o ←
→ scaling up robust mdps by reinforcement learning ; we consider large - scale markov decision processes ( mdps ) with parameter uncertainty , under the robust mdp paradigm . previous studies showed that robust mdps , based on a minimax approach to handle uncertainty , can be solved using dynamic programming for small to medium sized problems . however , due to the " curse of dimensionality ", mdps that model real - life problems are typically prohibitively large for such approaches . in this work we employ a reinforcement ←
→ telling cause from effect using mdl - based local and global regression ; we consider the fundamental problem of inferring the causal direction between two univariate numeric random variables $ x $ and $ y $ from observational data . the two - variable case is especially difficult to solve since it is not possible to use standard conditional independence tests between the variables . to tackle this problem , we follow an information theoretic approach based on kolmogorov complexity and use the minimum description le ←
→ a note on local ultrametricity in text ; high dimensional , sparsely populated data spaces have been characterized in terms of ultrametric topology . this implies that there are natural , not necessarily unique , tree or hierarchy structures defined by the ultrametric topology . in this note we study the extent of local ultrametric topology in texts , with the aim of finding unique `` fingerprints '' for a text or corpus , discriminating between texts from different domains , and opening up the possibility of exploit ←
→ explanation of probabilistic inference for decision support systems ; an automated explanation facility for bayesian conditioning aimed at improving user acceptance of probability - based decision support systems has been developed . the domain - independent facility is based on an information processing perspective on reasoning about conditional evidence that accounts both for biased and normative inferences . experimental results indicate that the facility is both acceptable to naive users and effective in impr ←
→ a neural networks model of the venezuelan economy ; besides an indicator of the gdp , the central bank of venezuela generates the so called monthly economic activity general indicator . the a priori knowledge of this indicator , which represents and sometimes even anticipates the economy ' s fluctuations , could be helpful in developing public policies and in investment decision making . the purpose of this study is forecasting the igaem through non parametric methods , an approach that has proven effective in a wi ←
→ using 3d hahn moments as a computational representation of ats drugs molecular structure ; the campaign against drug abuse is fought by all countries , most notably on ats drugs . the technical limitations of the current test kits to detect new brand of ats drugs present a challenge to law enforcement authorities and forensic laboratories . meanwhile , new molecular imaging devices which allowed mankind to characterize the physical 3d molecular structure have been recently introduced , and it can be used to re ←
→ reconstruction of electrical impedance tomography using fish school search , non - blind search , and genetic algorithm ; electrical impedance tomography ( eit ) is a noninvasive imaging technique that does not use ionizing radiation , with application both in environmental sciences and in health . image reconstruction is performed by solving an inverse problem and ill - posed . evolutionary computation and swarm intelligence have become a source of methods for solving inverse problems . fish school search ( fss ) is a ←
→ sub - sampled cubic regularization for non - convex optimization ; we consider the minimization of non - convex functions that typically arise in machine learning . specifically , we focus our attention on a variant of trust region methods known as cubic regularization . this approach is particularly attractive because it escapes strict saddle points and it provides stronger convergence guarantees than first - and second - order as well as classical trust region methods . however , it suffers from a high computational co ←
→ single - shot object detection with enriched semantics ; we propose a novel single shot object detection network named detection with enriched semantics ( des ). our motivation is to enrich the semantics of object detection features within a typical deep detector , by a semantic segmentation branch and a location - agnostic module . the segmentation branch is supervised by weak segmentation ground - truth , i . e ., no extra annotation is required . in conjunction with that , we employ a location - agnostic module which lear ←
→ integrating lexical and temporal signals in neural ranking models for searching social media streams ; time is an important relevance signal when searching streams of social media posts . the distribution of document timestamps from the results of an initial query can be leveraged to infer the distribution of relevant documents , which can then be used to rerank the initial results . previous experiments have shown that kernel density estimation is a simple yet effective implementation of this idea . this pap ←
→ a mathematical framework for feature selection from real - world data with non - linear observations ; in this paper , we study the challenge of feature selection based on a relatively small collection of sample pairs $\{( x_i , y_i )\} _ { 1 \ leq i \ leq m }$. the observations $ y_i \ in \ mathbb { r }$ are thereby supposed to follow a noisy single - index model , depending on a certain set of signal variables . a major difficulty is that these variables usually cannot be observed directly , but rather arise as hidden factors i ←
→ an introduction to topological data analysis : fundamental and practical aspects for data scientists ; topological data analysis ( tda ) is a recent and fast growing eld providing a set of new topological and geometric tools to infer relevant features for possibly complex data . this paper is a brief introduction , through a few selected topics , to basic fundamental and practical aspects of tda for non experts . 1 introduction and motivation topological data analysis ( tda ) is a recent eld that emerged from vari ←
→ large margin distribution machine ; support vector machine ( svm ) has been one of the most popular learning algorithms , with the central idea of maximizing the minimum margin , i . e ., the smallest distance from the instances to the classification boundary . recent theoretical results , however , disclosed that maximizing the minimum margin does not necessarily lead to better generalization performances , and instead , the margin distribution has been proven to be more crucial . in this paper , we propose the large ma ←
→ ranking to learn and learning to rank : on the role of ranking in pattern recognition applications ; the last decade has seen a revolution in the theory and application of machine learning and pattern recognition . through these advancements , variable ranking has emerged as an active and growing research area and it is now beginning to be applied to many new problems . the rationale behind this fact is that many pattern recognition problems are by nature ranking problems . the main objective of a ranking algo ←
→ simple algorithmic principles of discovery , subjective beauty , selective attention , curiosity & creativity ; i postulate that human or other intelligent agents function or should function as follows . they store all sensory observations as they come - the data is holy . at any time , given some agent ' s current coding capabilities , part of the data is compressible by a short and hopefully fast program / description / explanation / world model . in the agent ' s subjective eyes , such data is more regular and more ←
→ fast approximate l_infty minimization : speeding up robust regression ; minimization of the $ l_ \ infty $ norm , which can be viewed as approximately solving the non - convex least median estimation problem , is a powerful method for outlier removal and hence robust regression . however , current techniques for solving the problem at the heart of $ l_ \ infty $ norm minimization are slow , and therefore cannot scale to large problems . a new method for the minimization of the $ l_ \ infty $ norm is presented here , which provid ←
→ compact tensor pooling for visual question answering ; performing high level cognitive tasks requires the integration of feature maps with drastically different structure . in visual question answering ( vqa ) image descriptors have spatial structures , while lexical inputs inherently follow a temporal sequence . the recently proposed multimodal compact bilinear pooling ( mcb ) forms the outer products , via count - sketch approximation , of the visual and textual representation at each spatial location . while this pr ←
→ a - fast - rcnn : hard positive generation via adversary for object detection ; how do we learn an object detector that is invariant to occlusions and deformations ? our current solution is to use a data - driven strategy -- collect large - scale datasets which have object instances under different conditions . the hope is that the final classifier can use these examples to learn invariances . but is it really possible to see all the occlusions in a dataset ? we argue that like categories , occlusions and object deformat ←
→ revisiting knowledge transfer for training object class detectors ; we propose to revisit knowledge transfer for training object detectors on target classes from weakly supervised training images , helped by a set of source classes with bounding - box annotations . we present a unified knowledge transfer framework based on training a single neural network multi - class object detector over all source classes , organized in a semantic hierarchy . this generates proposals with scores at multiple levels in the hierarc ←
→ syntax - based attention model for natural language inference ; introducing attentional mechanism in neural network is a powerful concept , and has achieved impressive results in many natural language processing tasks . however , most of the existing models impose attentional distribution on a flat topology , namely the entire input representation sequence . clearly , any well - formed sentence has its accompanying syntactic tree structure , which is a much rich topology . applying attention to such topology not only e ←
→' just enough ' ontology engineering ; this paper introduces ' just enough ' principles and ' systems engineering ' approach to the practice of ontology development to provide a minimal yet complete , lightweight , agile and integrated development process , supportive of stakeholder management and implementation independence .←
→ external lexical information for multilingual part - of - speech tagging ; morphosyntactic lexicons and word vector representations have both proven useful for improving the accuracy of statistical part - of - speech taggers . here we compare the performances of four systems on datasets covering 16 languages , two of these systems being feature - based ( memms and crfs ) and two of them being neural - based ( bi - lstms ). we show that , on average , all four approaches perform similarly and reach state - of - the - art results . yet b ←
→ on coreset constructions for the fuzzy $ k $- means problem ; the fuzzy $ k $- means problem is a generalization of the $ k $- means problem to soft clusterings . although popular in practice , the first $( 1 +\ epsilon )$- approximation algorithms for this problem have been proposed only recently . in this paper , we pursue the analysis of the fuzzy $ k $- means problem further by making use of coresets . a coreset is an efficient representative of the input data set that preserves certain properties of the input , such as the q ←
→ extrinsic methods for coding and dictionary learning on grassmann manifolds ; sparsity - based representations have recently led to notable results in various visual recognition tasks . in a separate line of research , riemannian manifolds have been shown useful for dealing with features and models that do not lie in euclidean spaces . with the aim of building a bridge between the two realms , we address the problem of sparse coding and dictionary learning over the space of linear subspaces , which form riemanni ←
→ pruning convolutional neural networks for resource efficient inference ; we propose a new formulation for pruning convolutional kernels in neural networks to enable efficient inference . we interleave greedy criteria - based pruning with fine - tuning by backpropagation - a computationally efficient procedure that maintains good generalization in the pruned network . we propose a new criterion based on taylor expansion that approximates the change in the cost function induced by pruning network parameters . we foc ←
→ node - adapt , path - adapt and tree - adapt : model - transfer domain adaptation for random forest ; random forest ( rf ) is a successful paradigm for learning classifiers due to its ability to learn from large feature spaces and seamlessly integrate multi - class classification , as well as the achieved accuracy and processing efficiency . however , as many other classifiers , rf requires domain adaptation ( da ) provided that there is a mismatch between the training ( source ) and testing ( target ) domains which provokes clas ←
→ efficient nash computation in large population games with bounded influence ; we introduce a general representation of large - population games in which each player s influence on the others is centralized and limited , but may otherwise be arbitrary . this representation significantly generalizes the class known as congestion games in a natural way . our main results are provably correct and efficient algorithms for computing and learning approximate nash equilibria in this general framework .←
→ label propagation on k - partite graphs with heterophily ; in this paper , for the first time , we study label propagation in heterogeneous graphs under heterophily assumption . homophily label propagation ( i . e ., two connected nodes share similar labels ) in homogeneous graph ( with same types of vertices and relations ) has been extensively studied before . unfortunately , real - life networks are heterogeneous , they contain different types of vertices ( e . g ., users , images , texts ) and relations ( e . g ., friendships , co -←
→ least square error method robustness of computation : what is not usually considered and taught ; there are many practical applications based on the least square error ( lse ) approximation . it is based on a square error minimization ' on a vertical ' axis . the lse method is simple and easy also for analytical purposes . however , if data span is large over several magnitudes or non - linear lse is used , severe numerical instability can be expected . the presented contribution describes a simple method for large sp ←
→ a preadapted universal switch distribution for testing hilberg ' s conjecture ; hilberg ' s conjecture about natural language states that the mutual information between two adjacent long blocks of text grows like a power of the block length . the exponent in this statement can be upper bounded using the pointwise mutual information estimate computed for a carefully chosen code . the bound is the better , the lower the compression rate is but there is a requirement that the code be universal . so as to improve a r ←
→ siamese convolutional networks based on phonetic features for cognate identification ; in this paper , we explore the use of convolutional networks ( convnets ) for the purpose of cognate identification . we compare our architecture with binary classifiers based on string similarity measures on different language families . our experiments show that convolutional networks achieve competitive results across concepts and across language families at the task of cognate identification .←
→ prdeep : robust phase retrieval with flexible deep neural networks ; phase retrieval ( pr ) algorithms have become an important component in many modern computational imaging systems . for instance , in the context of ptychography and speckle correlation imaging pr algorithms enable imaging past the diffraction limit and through scattering media , respectively . unfortunately , traditional pr algorithms struggle in the presence of noise . recently pr algorithms have been developed that use priors to make themselves ←
→ proximal stochastic dual coordinate ascent ; we introduce a proximal version of dual coordinate ascent method . we demonstrate how the derived algorithmic framework can be used for numerous regularized loss minimization problems , including $\ ell_1 $ regularization and structured output svm . the convergence rates we obtain match , and sometimes improve , state - of - the - art results .←
→ attention - based deep multiple instance learning ; multiple instance learning ( mil ) is a variation of supervised learning where a single class label is assigned to a bag of instances . in this paper , we state the mil problem as learning the bernoulli distribution of the bag label where the bag label probability is fully parameterized by neural networks . furthermore , we propose a neural network - based permutation - invariant aggregation operator that corresponds to the attention mechanism . notably , an application ←
→ max - margin deep generative models for ( semi -) supervised learning ; deep generative models ( dgms ) are effective on learning multilayered representations of complex data and performing inference of input data by exploring the generative ability . however , it is relatively insufficient to empower the discriminative ability of dgms on making accurate predictions . this paper presents max - margin deep generative models ( mmdgms ) and a class - conditional variant ( mmdcgms ), which explore the strongly discriminative pri ←
→ incorporating human domain knowledge into large scale cost function learning ; recent advances have shown the capability of fully convolutional neural networks ( fcn ) to model cost functions for motion planning in the context of learning driving preferences purely based on demonstration data from human drivers . while pure learning from demonstrations in the framework of inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) is a promising approach , we can benefit from well informed human priors and incorporate them into the ←
→ a binary classification framework for two - stage multiple kernel learning ; with the advent of kernel methods , automating the task of specifying a suitable kernel has become increasingly important . in this context , the multiple kernel learning ( mkl ) problem of finding a combination of pre - specified base kernels that is suitable for the task at hand has received significant attention from researchers . in this paper we show that multiple kernel learning can be framed as a standard binary classification problem ←
→ bayesian learning of clique tree structure ; the problem of categorical data analysis in high dimensions is considered . a discussion of the fundamental difficulties of probability modeling is provided , and a solution to the derivation of high dimensional probability distributions based on bayesian learning of clique tree decomposition is presented . the main contributions of this paper are an automated determination of the optimal clique tree structure for probability modeling , the resulting derived probabil ←
→ pfax : predictable feature analysis to perform control ; predictable feature analysis ( pfa ) ( richthofer , wiskott , icmla 2015 ) is an algorithm that performs dimensionality reduction on high dimensional input signal . it extracts those subsignals that are most predictable according to a certain prediction model . we refer to these extracted signals as predictable features . in this work we extend the notion of pfa to take supplementary information into account for improving its predictions . such information can ←
→ learning polytrees ; we consider the task of learning the maximum - likelihood polytree from data . our first result is a performance guarantee establishing that the optimal branching ( or chow - liu tree ), which can be computed very easily , constitutes a good approximation to the best polytree . we then show that it is not possible to do very much better , since the learning problem is np - hard even to approximately solve within some constant factor .←
→ hierarchical solution of markov decision processes using macro - actions ; we investigate the use of temporally abstract actions , or macro - actions , in the solution of markov decision processes . unlike current models that combine both primitive actions and macro - actions and leave the state space unchanged , we propose a hierarchical model ( using an abstract mdp ) that works with macro - actions only , and that significantly reduces the size of the state space . this is achieved by treating macroactions as local poli ←
→ a planning approach to monitoring behavior of computer programs ; we describe a novel approach to monitoring high level behaviors using concepts from ai planning . our goal is to understand what a program is doing based on its system call trace . this ability is particularly important for detecting malware . we approach this problem by building an abstract model of the operating system using the strips planning language , casting system calls as planning operators . given a system call trace , we simulate the cor ←
→ exploiting saliency for object segmentation from image level labels ; there have been remarkable improvements in the semantic labelling task in the recent years . however , the state of the art methods rely on large - scale pixel - level annotations . this paper studies the problem of training a pixel - wise semantic labeller network from image - level annotations of the present object classes . recently , it has been shown that high quality seeds indicating discriminative object regions can be obtained from image - level ←
→ factorization of discrete probability distributions ; we formulate necessary and sufficient conditions for an arbitrary discrete probability distribution to factor according to an undirected graphical model , or a log - linear model , or other more general exponential models . this result generalizes the well known hammersley - clifford theorem .←
→ the algebraic combinatorial approach for low - rank matrix completion ; we present a novel algebraic combinatorial view on low - rank matrix completion based on studying relations between a few entries with tools from algebraic geometry and matroid theory . the intrinsic locality of the approach allows for the treatment of single entries in a closed theoretical and practical framework . more specifically , apart from introducing an algebraic combinatorial theory of low - rank matrix completion , we present probabilit ←
→ scene parsing with multiscale feature learning , purity trees , and optimal covers ; scene parsing , or semantic segmentation , consists in labeling each pixel in an image with the category of the object it belongs to . it is a challenging task that involves the simultaneous detection , segmentation and recognition of all the objects in the image . the scene parsing method proposed here starts by computing a tree of segments from a graph of pixel dissimilarities . simultaneously , a set of dense feature vectors ←
→ visualization of manifold - valued elements by multidimensional scaling ; the present contribution suggests the use of a multidimensional scaling ( mds ) algorithm as a visualization tool for manifold - valued elements . a visualization tool of this kind is useful in signal processing and machine learning whenever learning / adaptation algorithms insist on high - dimensional parameter manifolds .←
→ better safe than sorry : risky function exploitation through safe optimization ; exploration - exploitation of functions , that is learning and optimizing a mapping between inputs and expected outputs , is ubiquitous to many real world situations . these situations sometimes require us to avoid certain outcomes at all cost , for example because they are poisonous , harmful , or otherwise dangerous . we test participants ' behavior in scenarios in which they have to find the optimum of a function while at the same ti ←
→ using word embeddings in twitter election classification ; word embeddings and convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have attracted extensive attention in various classification tasks for twitter , e . g . sentiment classification . however , the effect of the configuration used to train and generate the word embeddings on the classification performance has not been studied in the existing literature . in this paper , using a twitter election classification task that aims to detect election - related tweets , we investi ←
→ real - time action detection in video surveillance using sub - action descriptor with multi - cnn ; when we say a person is texting , can you tell the person is walking or sitting ? emphatically , no . in order to solve this incomplete representation problem , this paper presents a sub - action descriptor for detailed action detection . the sub - action descriptor consists of three levels : the posture , the locomotion , and the gesture level . the three levels give three sub - action categories for one action to address the r ←
→ variational autoencoders for collaborative filtering ; we extend variational autoencoders ( vaes ) to collaborative filtering for implicit feedback . this non - linear probabilistic model enables us to go beyond the limited modeling capacity of linear factor models which still largely dominate collaborative filtering research . we introduce a generative model with multinomial likelihood and use bayesian inference for parameter estimation . despite widespread use in language modeling and economics , the multinomial l ←
→ fast image classification by boosting fuzzy classifiers ; this paper presents a novel approach to visual objects classification based on generating simple fuzzy classifiers using local image features to distinguish between one known class and other classes . boosting meta learning is used to find the most representative local features . the proposed approach is tested on a state - of - the - art image dataset and compared with the bag - of - features image representation model combined with the support vector machine c ←
→ generating precondition expressions in instructional text ; this study employs a knowledge intensive corpus analysis to identify the elements of the communicative context which can be used to determine the appropriate lexical and grammatical form of instructional texts . \ ig , an instructional text generation system based on this analysis , is presented , particularly with reference to its expression of precondition relations .←
→ linear coupling : an ultimate unification of gradient and mirror descent ; first - order methods play a central role in large - scale machine learning . even though many variations exist , each suited to a particular problem , almost all such methods fundamentally rely on two types of algorithmic steps : gradient descent , which yields primal progress , and mirror descent , which yields dual progress . we observe that the performances of gradient and mirror descent are complementary , so that faster algorithms can be d ←
→ detecting adversarial samples from artifacts ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) are powerful nonlinear architectures that are known to be robust to random perturbations of the input . however , these models are vulnerable to adversarial perturbations -- small input changes crafted explicitly to fool the model . in this paper , we ask whether a dnn can distinguish adversarial samples from their normal and noisy counterparts . we investigate model confidence on adversarial samples by looking at bayesian uncertainty estim ←
→ learning efficient structured sparse models ; we present a comprehensive framework for structured sparse coding and modeling extending the recent ideas of using learnable fast regressors to approximate exact sparse codes . for this purpose , we develop a novel block - coordinate proximal splitting method for the iterative solution of hierarchical sparse coding problems , and show an efficient feed forward architecture derived from its iteration . this architecture faithfully approximates the exact structured spar ←
→ on probability distributions for trees : representations , inference and learning ; we study probability distributions over free algebras of trees . probability distributions can be seen as particular ( formal power ) tree series [ berstel et al 82 , esik et al 03 ], i . e . mappings from trees to a semiring k . a widely studied class of tree series is the class of rational ( or recognizable ) tree series which can be defined either in an algebraic way or by means of multiplicity tree automata . we argue that the algeb ←
→ bootstrapping with models : confidence intervals for off - policy evaluation ; for an autonomous agent , executing a poor policy may be costly or even dangerous . for such agents , it is desirable to determine confidence interval lower bounds on the performance of any given policy without executing said policy . current methods for exact high confidence off - policy evaluation that use importance sampling require a substantial amount of data to achieve a tight lower bound . existing model - based methods only address ←
→ textboxes : a fast text detector with a single deep neural network ; this paper presents an end - to - end trainable fast scene text detector , named textboxes , which detects scene text with both high accuracy and efficiency in a single network forward pass , involving no post - process except for a standard non - maximum suppression . textboxes outperforms competing methods in terms of text localization accuracy and is much faster , taking only 0 . 09s per image in a fast implementation . furthermore , combined with a text ←
→ an on - chip trainable and clock - less spiking neural network with 1r memristive synapses ; spiking neural networks ( snns ) are being explored in an attempt to mimic brain ' s capability to learn and recognize at low power . crossbar architecture with highly scalable resistive ram or rram array serving as synaptic weights and neuronal drivers in the periphery is an attractive option for snn . recognition ( akin to reading the synaptic weight ) requires small amplitude bias applied across the rram to minimize conduc ←
→ a fresnelet - based encryption of medical images using arnold transform ; medical images are commonly stored in digital media and transmitted via internet for certain uses . if a medical information image alters , this can lead to a wrong diagnosis which may create a serious health problem . moreover , medical images in digital form can easily be modified by wiping off or adding small pieces of information intentionally for certain illegal purposes . hence , the reliability of medical images is an important criteri ←
→ resfeats : residual network based features for image classification ; deep residual networks have recently emerged as the state - of - the - art architecture in image segmentation and object detection . in this paper , we propose new image features ( called resfeats ) extracted from the last convolutional layer of deep residual networks pre - trained on imagenet . we propose to use resfeats for diverse image classification tasks namely , object classification , scene classification and coral classification and show that re ←
→ steady state resource allocation analysis of the stochastic diffusion search ; this article presents the long - term behaviour analysis of stochastic diffusion search ( sds ), a distributed agent - based system for best - fit pattern matching . sds operates by allocating simple agents into different regions of the search space . agents independently pose hypotheses about the presence of the pattern in the search space and its potential distortion . assuming a compositional structure of hypotheses about pattern match ←
→ a generalized online mirror descent with applications to classification and regression ; online learning algorithms are fast , memory - efficient , easy to implement , and applicable to many prediction problems , including classification , regression , and ranking . several online algorithms were proposed in the past few decades , some based on additive updates , like the perceptron , and some on multiplicative updates , like winnow . a unifying perspective on the design and the analysis of online algorithms is provide ←
→ adversarial vulnerability for any classifier ; despite achieving impressive and often superhuman performance on multiple benchmarks , state - of - the - art deep networks remain highly vulnerable to perturbations : adding small , imperceptible , adversarial perturbations can lead to very high error rates . provided the data distribution is defined using a generative model mapping latent vectors to datapoints in the distribution , we prove that no classifier can be robust to adversarial perturbations when the latent spa ←
→ a data - driven approach to pre - operative evaluation of lung cancer patients ; lung cancer is the number one cause of cancer deaths . many early stage lung cancer patients have resectable tumors ; however , their cardiopulmonary function needs to be properly evaluated before they are deemed operative candidates . consequently , a subset of such patients is asked to undergo standard pulmonary function tests , such as cardiopulmonary exercise tests ( cpet ) or stair climbs , to have their pulmonary function evaluated .←
→ defining relative likelihood in partially - ordered preferential structures ; starting with a likelihood or preference order on worlds , we extend it to a likelihood ordering on sets of worlds in a natural way , and examine the resulting logic . lewis earlier considered such a notion of relative likelihood in the context of studying counterfactuals , but he assumed a total preference order on worlds . complications arise when examining partial orders that are not present for total orders . there are subtleties in ←
→ on the accuracy of self - normalized log - linear models ; calculation of the log - normalizer is a major computational obstacle in applications of log - linear models with large output spaces . the problem of fast normalizer computation has therefore attracted significant attention in the theoretical and applied machine learning literature . in this paper , we analyze a recently proposed technique known as " self - normalization ", which introduces a regularization term in training to penalize log normalizers for deviati ←
→ window - object relationship guided representation learning for generic object detections ; in existing works that learn representation for object detection , the relationship between a candidate window and the ground truth bounding box of an object is simplified by thresholding their overlap . this paper shows information loss in this simplification and picks up the relative location / size information discarded by thresholding . we propose a representation learning pipeline to use the relationship as supervisi ←
→ on the stability of online language features : how much text do you need to know a person ? ; in recent years , numerous studies have inferred personality and other traits from people ' s online writing . while these studies are encouraging , more information is needed in order to use these techniques with confidence . how do linguistic features vary across different online media , and how much text is required to have a representative sample for a person ? in this paper , we examine several large sets of online , us ←
→ a first empirical study of emphatic temporal difference learning ; in this paper we present the first empirical study of the emphatic temporal - difference learning algorithm ( etd ), comparing it with conventional temporal - difference learning , in particular , with linear td ( 0 ), on on - policy and off - policy variations of the mountain car problem . the initial motivation for developing etd was that it has good convergence properties under off - policy training ( sutton , mahmood and white 2016 ), but it is also a new al ←
→ integrating vague association mining with markov model ; the increasing demand of world wide web raises the need of predicting the user ' s web page request . the most widely used approach to predict the web pages is the pattern discovery process of web usage mining . this process involves inevitability of many techniques like markov model , association rules and clustering . fuzzy theory with different techniques has been introduced for the better results . our focus is on markov models . this paper is introducing ←
→ quantum adiabatic machine learning ; we develop an approach to machine learning and anomaly detection via quantum adiabatic evolution . in the training phase we identify an optimal set of weak classifiers , to form a single strong classifier . in the testing phase we adiabatically evolve one or more strong classifiers on a superposition of inputs in order to find certain anomalous elements in the classification space . both the training and testing phases are executed via quantum adiabatic evolution . we apply a ←
→ scoring and searching over bayesian networks with causal and associative priors ; a significant theoretical advantage of search - and - score methods for learning bayesian networks is that they can accept informative prior beliefs for each possible network , thus complementing the data . in this paper , a method is presented for assigning priors based on beliefs on the presence or absence of certain paths in the true network . such beliefs correspond to knowledge about the possible causal and associative relation ←
→ thinking , learning , and autonomous problem solving ; ever increasing computational power will require methods for automatic programming . we present an alternative to genetic programming , based on a general model of thinking and learning . the advantage is that evolution takes place in the space of constructs and can thus exploit the mathematical structures of this space . the model is formalized , and a macro language is presented which allows for a formal yet intuitive description of the problem under conside ←
→ a framework for evaluating approximation methods for gaussian process regression ; gaussian process ( gp ) predictors are an important component of many bayesian approaches to machine learning . however , even a straightforward implementation of gaussian process regression ( gpr ) requires o ( n ^ 2 ) space and o ( n ^ 3 ) time for a dataset of n examples . several approximation methods have been proposed , but there is a lack of understanding of the relative merits of the different approximations , and in what situations t ←
→ large - scale reasoning with owl ; with the growth of the semantic web in size and importance , more and more knowledge is stored in machine - readable formats such as the web ontology language owl . this paper outlines common approaches for efficient reasoning on large - scale data consisting of billions ($ 10 ^ 9 $) of triples . therefore , owl and its sublanguages , as well as forward and backward chaining techniques are presented . the webpie reasoner is discussed in detail as an example for forward chaining using mapr ←
→ a computational model of the short - cut rule for 2d shape decomposition ; we propose a new 2d shape decomposition method based on the short - cut rule . the short - cut rule originates from cognition research , and states that the human visual system prefers to partition an object into parts using the shortest possible cuts . we propose and implement a computational model for the short - cut rule and apply it to the problem of shape decomposition . the model we proposed generates a set of cut hypotheses passing throug ←
→ audiopairbank : towards a large - scale tag - pair - based audio content analysis ; recently , sound recognition has been used to identify sounds , such as car and river . however , sounds have nuances that may be better described by adjective - noun pairs such as slow car , and verb - noun pairs such as flying insects , which are under explored . therefore , in this work we investigate the relation between audio content and both adjective - noun pairs and verb - noun pairs . due to the lack of datasets with these kinds of annot ←
→ learning the pseudoinverse solution to network weights ; the last decade has seen the parallel emergence in computational neuroscience and machine learning of neural network structures which spread the input signal randomly to a higher dimensional space ; perform a nonlinear activation ; and then solve for a regression or classification output by means of a mathematical pseudoinverse operation . in the field of neuromorphic engineering , these methods are increasingly popular for synthesizing biologically plaus ←
→ unsupervised domain adaptation with copula models ; we study the task of unsupervised domain adaptation , where no labeled data from the target domain is provided during training time . to deal with the potential discrepancy between the source and target distributions , both in features and labels , we exploit a copula - based regression framework . the benefits of this approach are two - fold : ( a ) it allows us to model a broader range of conditional predictive densities beyond the common exponential family , ( b ) we ←
→ automating political bias prediction ; every day media generate large amounts of text . an unbiased view on media reports requires an understanding of the political bias of media content . assistive technology for estimating the political bias of texts can be helpful in this context . this study proposes a simple statistical learning approach to predict political bias from text . standard text features extracted from speeches and manifestos of political parties are used to predict political bias in terms of pol ←
→ the nlms algorithm with time - variant optimum stepsize derived from a bayesian network perspective ; in this article , we derive a new stepsize adaptation for the normalized least mean square algorithm ( nlms ) by describing the task of linear acoustic echo cancellation from a bayesian network perspective . similar to the well - known kalman filter equations , we model the acoustic wave propagation from the loudspeaker to the microphone by a latent state vector and define a linear observation equation ( to model t ←
→ f - score driven max margin neural network for named entity recognition in chinese social media ; we focus on named entity recognition ( ner ) for chinese social media . with massive unlabeled text and quite limited labelled corpus , we propose a semi - supervised learning model based on b - lstm neural network . to take advantage of traditional methods in ner such as crf , we combine transition probability with deep learning in our model . to bridge the gap between label accuracy and f - score of ner , we construct a mo ←
→ gaussian process topic models ; we introduce gaussian process topic models ( gptms ), a new family of topic models which can leverage a kernel among documents while extracting correlated topics . gptms can be considered a systematic generalization of the correlated topic models ( ctms ) using ideas from gaussian process ( gp ) based embedding . since gptms work with both a topic covariance matrix and a document kernel matrix , learning gptms involves a novel component - solving a suitable sylvester equation capturing ←
→ distributed training large - scale deep architectures ; scale of data and scale of computation infrastructures together enable the current deep learning renaissance . however , training large - scale deep architectures demands both algorithmic improvement and careful system configuration . in this paper , we focus on employing the system approach to speed up large - scale training . via lessons learned from our routine benchmarking effort , we first identify bottlenecks and overheads that hinter data parallelism . we th ←
→ interpreting and extending the guided filter via cyclic coordinate descent ; in this paper , we will disclose that the guided filter ( gf ) can be interpreted as the cyclic coordinate descent ( ccd ) solver of a least square ( ls ) objective function . this discovery implies a possible way to extend gf because we can alter the objective function of gf and define new filters as the first pass iteration of the ccd solver of modified objective functions . moreover , referring to the iterative minimizing procedure of c ←
→ embedding visual hierarchy with deep networks for large - scale visual recognition ; in this paper , a level - wise mixture model ( lmm ) is developed by embedding visual hierarchy with deep networks to support large - scale visual recognition ( i . e ., recognizing thousands or even tens of thousands of object classes ), and a bayesian approach is used to adapt a pre - trained visual hierarchy automatically to the improvements of deep features ( that are used for image and object class representation ) when more represent ←
→ towards automatic construction of diverse , high - quality image dataset ; the availability of labeled image datasets has been shown critical for high - level image understanding , which continuously drives the progress of feature designing and models developing . however , constructing labeled image datasets is laborious and monotonous . to eliminate manual annotation , in this work , we propose a novel image dataset construction framework by employing multiple textual metadata . we aim at collecting diverse and accur ←
→ symmetry within solutions ; we define the concept of an internal symmetry . this is a symmety within a solution of a constraint satisfaction problem . we compare this to solution symmetry , which is a mapping between different solutions of the same problem . we argue that we may be able to exploit both types of symmetry when finding solutions . we illustrate the potential of exploiting internal symmetries on two benchmark domains : van der waerden numbers and graceful graphs . by identifying internal symmetries we ←
→ rebar : low - variance , unbiased gradient estimates for discrete latent variable models ; learning in models with discrete latent variables is challenging due to high variance gradient estimators . generally , approaches have relied on control variates to reduce the variance of the reinforce estimator . recent work ( jang et al . 2016 , maddison et al . 2016 ) has taken a different approach , introducing a continuous relaxation of discrete variables to produce low - variance , but biased , gradient estimates . in this wor ←
→ towards automated proof strategy generalisation ; the ability to automatically generalise ( interactive ) proofs and use such generalisations to discharge related conjectures is a very hard problem which remains unsolved . here , we develop a notion of goal types to capture key properties of goals , which enables abstractions over the specific order and number of sub - goals arising when composing tactics . we show that the goal types form a lattice , and utilise this property in the techniques we develop to automat ←
→ generative learning for deep networks ; learning , taking into account full distribution of the data , referred to as generative , is not feasible with deep neural networks ( dnns ) because they model only the conditional distribution of the outputs given the inputs . current solutions are either based on joint probability models facing difficult estimation problems or learn two separate networks , mapping inputs to outputs ( recognition ) and vice - versa ( generation ). we propose an intermediate approach . first , we s ←
→ learning the bayesian network structure : dirichlet prior versus data ; in the bayesian approach to structure learning of graphical models , the equivalent sample size ( ess ) in the dirichlet prior over the model parameters was recently shown to have an important effect on the maximum - a - posteriori estimate of the bayesian network structure . in our first contribution , we theoretically analyze the case of large ess - values , which complements previous work : among other results , we find that the presence of an edge ←
→ tracking words in chinese poetry of tang and song dynasties with the china biographical database ; large - scale comparisons between the poetry of tang and song dynasties shed light on how words , collocations , and expressions were used and shared among the poets . that some words were used only in the tang poetry and some only in the song poetry could lead to interesting research in linguistics . that the most frequent colors are different in the tang and song poetry provides a trace of the changing social ci ←
→ characterizing and reasoning about probabilistic and non - probabilistic expectation ; expectation is a central notion in probability theory . the notion of expectation also makes sense for other notions of uncertainty . we introduce a propositional logic for reasoning about expectation , where the semantics depends on the underlying representation of uncertainty . we give sound and complete axiomatizations for the logic in the case that the underlying representation is ( a ) probability , ( b ) sets of probability ←
→ parallel support vector machines in practice ; in this paper , we evaluate the performance of various parallel optimization methods for kernel support vector machines on multicore cpus and gpus . in particular , we provide the first comparison of algorithms with explicit and implicit parallelization . most existing parallel implementations for multi - core or gpu architectures are based on explicit parallelization of sequential minimal optimization ( smo )--- the programmers identified parallelizable components and ←
→ comparing the hierarchy of keywords in on - line news portals ; the tagging of on - line content with informative keywords is a widespread phenomenon from scientific article repositories through blogs to on - line news portals . in most of the cases , the tags on a given item are free words chosen by the authors independently . therefore , relations among keywords in a collection of news items is unknown . however , in most cases the topics and concepts described by these keywords are forming a latent hierarchy , with t ←
→ acronym - meaning extraction from corpora using multi - tape weighted finite - state machines ; the automatic extraction of acronyms and their meaning from corpora is an important sub - task of text mining . it can be seen as a special case of string alignment , where a text chunk is aligned with an acronym . alternative alignments have different cost , and ideally the least costly one should give the correct meaning of the acronym . we show how this approach can be implemented by means of a 3 - tape weighted finite - sta ←
→ recurrent ladder networks ; we propose a recurrent extension of the ladder networks whose structure is motivated by the inference required in hierarchical latent variable models . we demonstrate that the recurrent ladder is able to handle a wide variety of complex learning tasks that benefit from iterative inference and temporal modeling . the architecture shows close - to - optimal results on temporal modeling of video data , competitive results on music modeling , and improved perceptual grouping based on higher ←
→ single shot text detector with regional attention ; we present a novel single - shot text detector that directly outputs word - level bounding boxes in a natural image . we propose an attention mechanism which roughly identifies text regions via an automatically learned attentional map . this substantially suppresses background interference in the convolutional features , which is the key to producing accurate inference of words , particularly at extremely small sizes . this results in a single model that essentiall ←
→ cauchy annealing schedule : an annealing schedule for boltzmann selection scheme in evolutionary algorithms ; boltzmann selection is an important selection mechanism in evolutionary algorithms as it has theoretical properties which help in theoretical analysis . however , boltzmann selection is not used in practice because a good annealing schedule for the ` inverse temperature ' parameter is lacking . in this paper we propose a cauchy annealing schedule for boltzmann selection scheme based on a hypothesis that ←
→ deep - person : learning discriminative deep features for person re - identification ; recently , many methods of person re - identification ( re - id ) rely on part - based feature representation to learn a discriminative pedestrian descriptor . however , the spatial context between these parts is ignored for the independent extractor to each separate part . in this paper , we propose to apply long short - term memory ( lstm ) in an end - to - end way to model the pedestrian , seen as a sequence of body parts from head to foot . in ←
→ sequential update of bayesian network structure ; there is an obvious need for improving the performance and accuracy of a bayesian network as new data is observed . because of errors in model construction and changes in the dynamics of the domains , we cannot afford to ignore the information in new data . while sequential update of parameters for a fixed structure can be accomplished using standard techniques , sequential update of network structure is still an open problem . in this paper , we investigate seque ←
→ optimal best arm identification with fixed confidence ; we give a complete characterization of the complexity of best - arm identification in one - parameter bandit problems . we prove a new , tight lower bound on the sample complexity . we propose the ` track - and - stop ' strategy , which we prove to be asymptotically optimal . it consists in a new sampling rule ( which tracks the optimal proportions of arm draws highlighted by the lower bound ) and in a stopping rule named after chernoff , for which we give a new analysi ←
→ crts : a type system for representing clinical recommendations ; background : clinical guidelines and recommendations are the driving wheels of the evidence - based medicine ( ebm ) paradigm , but these are available primarily as unstructured text and are generally highly heterogeneous in nature . this significantly reduces the dissemination and automatic application of these recommendations at the point of care . a comprehensive structured representation of these recommendations is highly beneficial in this regard .←
→ mitosis detection in intestinal crypt images with hough forest and conditional random fields ; intestinal enteroendocrine cells secrete hormones that are vital for the regulation of glucose metabolism but their differentiation from intestinal stem cells is not fully understood . asymmetric stem cell divisions have been linked to intestinal stem cell homeostasis and secretory fate commitment . we monitored cell divisions using 4d live cell imaging of cultured intestinal crypts to characterize division modes ←
→ audio classification from time - frequency texture ; time - frequency representations of audio signals often resemble texture images . this paper derives a simple audio classification algorithm based on treating sound spectrograms as texture images . the algorithm is inspired by an earlier visual classification scheme particularly efficient at classifying textures . while solely based on time - frequency texture features , the algorithm achieves surprisingly good performance in musical instrument classification exper ←
→ a denotational semantics for first - order logic ; in apt and bezem [ ab99 ] ( see cs . lo / 9811017 ) we provided a computational interpretation of first - order formulas over arbitrary interpretations . here we complement this work by introducing a denotational semantics for first - order logic . additionally , by allowing an assignment of a non - ground term to a variable we introduce in this framework logical variables . the semantics combines a number of well - known ideas from the areas of semantics of imperative program ←
→ an aggregate and iterative disaggregate algorithm with proven optimality in machine learning ; we propose a clustering - based iterative algorithm to solve certain optimization problems in machine learning , where we start the algorithm by aggregating the original data , solving the problem on aggregated data , and then in subsequent steps gradually disaggregate the aggregated data . we apply the algorithm to common machine learning problems such as the least absolute deviation regression problem , support vecto ←
→ investigating natural image pleasantness recognition using deep features and eye tracking for loosely controlled human - computer interaction ; this paper revisits recognition of natural image pleasantness by employing deep convolutional neural networks and affordable eye trackers . there exist several approaches to recognize image pleasantness : ( 1 ) computer vision , and ( 2 ) psychophysical signals . for natural images , computer vision approaches have not been as successful as for abstract paintings and is lagg ←
→ preprocessing for automating early detection of cervical cancer ; uterine cervical cancer is one of the most common forms of cancer in women worldwide . most cases of cervical cancer can be prevented through screening programs aimed at detecting precancerous lesions . during digital colposcopy , colposcopic images or cervigrams are acquired in raw form . they contain specular reflections which appear as bright spots heavily saturated with white light and occur due to the presence of moisture on the uneven cervi ←
→ guidelines for artificial intelligence containment ; with almost daily improvements in capabilities of artificial intelligence it is more important than ever to develop safety software for use by the ai research community . building on our previous work on ai containment problem we propose a number of guidelines which should help ai safety researchers to develop reliable sandboxing software for intelligent programs of all levels . such safety container software will make it possible to study and analyze intel ←
→ picasso , matisse , or a fake ? automated analysis of drawings at the stroke level for attribution and authentication ; this paper proposes a computational approach for analysis of strokes in line drawings by artists . we aim at developing an ai methodology that facilitates attribution of drawings of unknown authors in a way that is not easy to be deceived by forged art . the methodology used is based on quantifying the characteristics of individual strokes in drawings . we propose a novel algorithm for segment ←
→ how intelligent are convolutional neural networks ? ; motivated by the gestalt pattern theory , and the winograd challenge for language understanding , we design synthetic experiments to investigate a deep learning algorithm ' s ability to infer simple ( at least for human ) visual concepts , such as symmetry , from examples . a visual concept is represented by randomly generated , positive as well as negative , example images . we then test the ability and speed of algorithms ( and humans ) to learn the concept from thes ←
→ nighttime sky / cloud image segmentation ; imaging the atmosphere using ground - based sky cameras is a popular approach to study various atmospheric phenomena . however , it usually focuses on the daytime . nighttime sky / cloud images are darker and noisier , and thus harder to analyze . an accurate segmentation of sky / cloud images is already challenging because of the clouds ' non - rigid structure and size , and the lower and less stable illumination of the night sky increases the difficulty . nonetheless , nighttime cl ←
→ large margin object tracking with circulant feature maps ; structured output support vector machine ( svm ) based tracking algorithms have shown favorable performance recently . nonetheless , the time - consuming candidate sampling and complex optimization limit their real - time applications . in this paper , we propose a novel large margin object tracking method which absorbs the strong discriminative ability from structured output svm and speeds up by the correlation filter algorithm significantly . secondly , a mul ←
→ deep learning analysis of breast mris for prediction of occult invasive disease in ductal carcinoma in situ ; purpose : to determine whether deep learning - based algorithms applied to breast mr images can aid in the prediction of occult invasive disease following the di - agnosis of ductal carcinoma in situ ( dcis ) by core needle biopsy . material and methods : in this institutional review board - approved study , we analyzed dynamic contrast - enhanced fat - saturated t1 - weighted mri sequences of 131 patients at our ←
→ predicate gradual logic and linguistics ; there are several major proposals for treating donkey anaphora such as discourse representation theory and the likes , or e - type theories and the likes . every one of them works well for a set of specific examples that they use to demonstrate validity of their approaches . as i show in this paper , however , they are not very generalisable and do not account for essentially the same problem that they remedy when it manifests in other examples . i propose another logical a ←
→ mixture of counting cnns : adaptive integration of cnns specialized to specific appearance for crowd counting ; this paper proposes a crowd counting method . crowd counting is difficult because of large appearance changes of a target which caused by density and scale changes . conventional crowd counting methods generally utilize one predictor ( e , g ., regression and multi - class classifier ). however , such only one predictor can not count targets with large appearance changes well . in this paper , we propose to ←
→ homomorphic parameter compression for distributed deep learning training ; distributed training of deep neural networks has received significant research interest , and its major approaches include implementations on multiple gpus and clusters . parallelization can dramatically improve the efficiency of training deep and complicated models with large - scale data . a fundamental barrier against the speedup of dnn training , however , is the trade - off between computation and communication time . in other words , incr ←
→ location recognition over large time lags ; would it be possible to automatically associate ancient pictures to modern ones and create fancy cultural heritage city maps ? we introduce here the task of recognizing the location depicted in an old photo given modern annotated images collected from the internet . we present an extensive analysis on different features , looking for the most discriminative and most robust to the image variability induced by large time lags . moreover , we show that the described task ←
→ are you imitating me ? unsupervised sparse modeling for group activity analysis from a single video ; a framework for unsupervised group activity analysis from a single video is here presented . our working hypothesis is that human actions lie on a union of low - dimensional subspaces , and thus can be efficiently modeled as sparse linear combinations of atoms from a learned dictionary representing the action ' s primitives . contrary to prior art , and with the primary goal of spatio - temporal action grouping , in ←
→ on denoising modulo 1 samples of a function ; consider an unknown smooth function $ f : [ 0 , 1 ] \ rightarrow \ mathbb { r }$, and say we are given $ n $ noisy mod 1 samples of $ f $, i . e ., $ y_i = ( f ( x_i ) + \ eta_i )\ mod 1 $ for $ x_i \ in [ 0 , 1 ]$, where $\ eta_i $ denotes noise . given the samples $( x_i , y_i ) _ { i = 1 }^{ n }$, our goal is to recover smooth , robust estimates of the clean samples $ f ( x_i ) \ bmod 1 $. we formulate a natural approach for solving this problem which works with angular embeddings of the noisy mod 1 samples over ←
→ medical image denoising using convolutional denoising autoencoders ; image denoising is an important pre - processing step in medical image analysis . different algorithms have been proposed in past three decades with varying denoising performances . more recently , having outperformed all conventional methods , deep learning based models have shown a great promise . these methods are however limited for requirement of large training sample size and high computational costs . in this paper we show that using small ←
→ verification of confliction and unreachability in rule - based expert systems with model checking ; it is important to find optimal solutions for structural errors in rule - based expert systems . solutions to discovering such errors by using model checking techniques have already been proposed , but these solutions have problems such as state space explosion . in this paper , to overcome these problems , we model the rule - based systems as finite state transition systems and express confliction and unreachability ←
→ transfer learning based dynamic multiobjective optimization algorithms ; one of the major distinguishing features of the dynamic multiobjective optimization problems ( dmops ) is the optimization objectives will change over time , thus tracking the varying pareto - optimal front becomes a challenge . one of the promising solutions is reusing the " experiences " to construct a prediction model via statistical machine learning approaches . however most of the existing methods ignore the non - independent and identically ←
→ the combined technique for detection of artifacts in clinical electroencephalograms of sleeping newborns ; in this paper we describe a new method combining the polynomial neural network and decision tree techniques in order to derive comprehensible classification rules from clinical electroencephalograms ( eegs ) recorded from sleeping newborns . these eegs are heavily corrupted by cardiac , eye movement , muscle and noise artifacts and as a consequence some eeg features are irrelevant to classification proble ←
→ a new de - blurring technique for license plate images with robust length estimation ; recognizing a license plate clearly while seeing a surveillance camera snapshot is often important in cases where the troublemaker vehicle ( s ) have to be identified . in many real world situations , these images are blurred due to fast motion of the vehicle and cannot be recognized by the human eye . for this kind of blurring , the kernel involved can be said to be a linear uniform convolution described by its angle and length ←
→ handling uncertainty in a system for text - symbol context analysis ; in pattern analysis , information regarding an object can often be drawn from its surroundings . this paper presents a method for handling uncertainty when using context of symbols and texts for analyzing technical drawings . the method is based on dempster - shafer theory and possibility theory .←
→ train once , test anywhere : zero - shot learning for text classification ; zero - shot learners are models capable of predicting unseen classes . in this work , we propose a zero - shot learning approach for text categorization . our method involves training model on a large corpus of sentences to learn the relationship between a sentence and embedding of sentence ' s tags . learning such relationship makes the model generalize to unseen sentences , tags , and even new datasets provided they can be put into same embedding ←
→ finding approximate local minima faster than gradient descent ; we design a non - convex second - order optimization algorithm that is guaranteed to return an approximate local minimum in time which scales linearly in the underlying dimension and the number of training examples . the time complexity of our algorithm to find an approximate local minimum is even faster than that of gradient descent to find a critical point . our algorithm applies to a general class of optimization problems including training a neur ←
→ what did you mention ? a large scale mention detection benchmark for spoken and written text ; we describe a large , high - quality benchmark for the evaluation of mention detection tools . the benchmark contains annotations of both named entities as well as other types of entities , annotated on different types of text , ranging from clean text taken from wikipedia , to noisy spoken data . the benchmark was built through a highly controlled crowd sourcing process to ensure its quality . we describe the benchmark , ←
→ flucap : a heuristic search planner for first - order mdps ; we present a heuristic search algorithm for solving first - order markov decision processes ( fomdps ). our approach combines first - order state abstraction that avoids evaluating states individually , and heuristic search that avoids evaluating all states . firstly , in contrast to existing systems , which start with propositionalizing the fomdp and then perform state abstraction on its propositionalized version we apply state abstraction directly on the fom ←
→ stick - breaking variational autoencoders ; we extend stochastic gradient variational bayes to perform posterior inference for the weights of stick - breaking processes . this development allows us to define a stick - breaking variational autoencoder ( sb - vae ), a bayesian nonparametric version of the variational autoencoder that has a latent representation with stochastic dimensionality . we experimentally demonstrate that the sb - vae , and a semi - supervised variant , learn highly discriminative latent representations ←
→ affine and regional dynamic time warpng ; pointwise matches between two time series are of great importance in time series analysis , and dynamic time warping ( dtw ) is known to provide generally reasonable matches . there are situations where time series alignment should be invariant to scaling and offset in amplitude or where local regions of the considered time series should be strongly reflected in pointwise matches . two different variants of dtw , affine dtw ( adtw ) and regional dtw ( rdtw ), are proposed to ←
→ net2vec : quantifying and explaining how concepts are encoded by filters in deep neural networks ; in an effort to understand the meaning of the intermediate representations captured by deep networks , recent papers have tried to associate specific semantic concepts to individual neural network filter responses , where interesting correlations are often found , largely by focusing on extremal filter responses . in this paper , we show that this approach can favor easy - to - interpret cases that are not necessarily ←
→ visual - textual attention driven fine - grained representation learning ; fine - grained image classification is to recognize hundreds of subcategories belonging to the same basic - level category , which is a highly challenging task due to the quite subtle visual distinctions among similar subcategories . most existing methods generally learn part detectors to discover discriminative regions for better performance . however , not all localized parts are beneficial and indispensable for classification , and the setting ←
→ gated feedback recurrent neural networks ; in this work , we propose a novel recurrent neural network ( rnn ) architecture . the proposed rnn , gated - feedback rnn ( gf - rnn ), extends the existing approach of stacking multiple recurrent layers by allowing and controlling signals flowing from upper recurrent layers to lower layers using a global gating unit for each pair of layers . the recurrent signals exchanged between layers are gated adaptively based on the previous hidden states and the current input . we evalua ←
→ gradient descent converges to minimizers ; we show that gradient descent converges to a local minimizer , almost surely with random initialization . this is proved by applying the stable manifold theorem from dynamical systems theory .←
→ dnn - buddies : a deep neural network - based estimation metric for the jigsaw puzzle problem ; this paper introduces the first deep neural network - based estimation metric for the jigsaw puzzle problem . given two puzzle piece edges , the neural network predicts whether or not they should be adjacent in the correct assembly of the puzzle , using nothing but the pixels of each piece . the proposed metric exhibits an extremely high precision even though no manual feature extraction is performed . when incorporated in ←
→ a neutrosophic recommender system for medical diagnosis based on algebraic neutrosophic measures ; neutrosophic set has the ability to handle uncertain , incomplete , inconsistent , indeterminate information in a more accurate way . in this paper , we proposed a neutrosophic recommender system to predict the diseases based on neutrosophic set which includes single - criterion neutrosophic recommender system ( sc - nrs ) and multi - criterion neutrosophic recommender system ( mc - nrs ). further , we investigated some algeb ←
→ the gpu - based parallel ant colony system ; the ant colony system ( acs ) is , next to ant colony optimization ( aco ) and the max - min ant system ( mmas ), one of the most efficient metaheuristic algorithms inspired by the behavior of ants . in this article we present three novel parallel versions of the acs for the graphics processing units ( gpus ). to the best of our knowledge , this is the first such work on the acs which shares many key elements of the aco and the mmas , but differences in the process of building s ←
→ efficient globally convergent stochastic optimization for canonical correlation analysis ; we study the stochastic optimization of canonical correlation analysis ( cca ), whose objective is nonconvex and does not decouple over training samples . although several stochastic gradient based optimization algorithms have been recently proposed to solve this problem , no global convergence guarantee was provided by any of them . inspired by the alternating least squares / power iterations formulation of cca , and the s ←
→ chi - square tests driven method for learning the structure of factored mdps ; sdyna is a general framework designed to address large stochastic reinforcement learning problems . unlike previous model based methods in fmdps , it incrementally learns the structure and the parameters of a rl problem using supervised learning techniques . then , it integrates decision - theoric planning algorithms based on fmdps to compute its policy . spiti is an instanciation of sdyna that exploits iti , an incremental decision tree ←
→ dynamic texture recognition using time - causal and time - recursive spatio - temporal receptive fields ; this work presents a first evaluation of using spatio - temporal receptive fields from a recently proposed time - causal spatio - temporal scale - space framework as primitives for video analysis . we propose a new family of video descriptors based on regional statistics of spatio - temporal receptive field responses and evaluate this approach on the problem of dynamic texture recognition . our approach generalises a p ←
→ symmetry breaking with polynomial delay ; a conservative class of constraint satisfaction problems csps is a class for which membership is preserved under arbitrary domain reductions . many well - known tractable classes of csps are conservative . it is well known that lexleader constraints may significantly reduce the number of solutions by excluding symmetric solutions of csps . we show that adding certain lexleader constraints to any instance of any conservative class of csps still allows us to find all solut ←
→ profit driven decision trees for churn prediction ; customer retention campaigns increasingly rely on predictive models to detect potential churners in a vast customer base . from the perspective of machine learning , the task of predicting customer churn can be presented as a binary classification problem . using data on historic behavior , classification algorithms are built with the purpose of accurately predicting the probability of a customer defecting . the predictive churn models are then commonly selecte ←
→ recognizing objects in - the - wild : where do we stand ? ; the ability to recognize objects is an essential skill for a robotic system acting in human - populated environments . despite decades of effort from the robotic and vision research communities , robots are still missing good visual perceptual systems , preventing the use of autonomous agents for real - world applications . the progress is slowed down by the lack of a testbed able to accurately represent the world perceived by the robot in - the - wild . in order to ←
→ ganosaic : mosaic creation with generative texture manifolds ; this paper presents a novel framework for generating texture mosaics with convolutional neural networks . our method is called ganosaic and performs optimization in the latent noise space of a generative texture model , which allows the transformation of a content image into a mosaic exhibiting the visual properties of the underlying texture manifold . to represent that manifold , we use a state - of - the - art generative adversarial method for texture sy ←
→ conditional density estimation with bayesian normalising flows ; modeling complex conditional distributions is critical in a variety of settings . despite a long tradition of research into conditional density estimation , current methods employ either simple parametric forms or are difficult to learn in practice . this paper employs normalising flows as a flexible likelihood model and presents an efficient method for fitting them to complex densities . these estimators must trade - off between modeling distributi ←
→ how controlled english can improve semantic wikis ; the motivation of semantic wikis is to make acquisition , maintenance , and mining of formal knowledge simpler , faster , and more flexible . however , most existing semantic wikis have a very technical interface and are restricted to a relatively low level of expressivity . in this paper , we explain how acewiki uses controlled english - concretely attempto controlled english ( ace ) - to provide a natural and intuitive interface while supporting a high degree of e ←
→ focal loss for dense object detection ; the highest accuracy object detectors to date are based on a two - stage approach popularized by r - cnn , where a classifier is applied to a sparse set of candidate object locations . in contrast , one - stage detectors that are applied over a regular , dense sampling of possible object locations have the potential to be faster and simpler , but have trailed the accuracy of two - stage detectors thus far . in this paper , we investigate why this is the case . we discover that the ex ←
→ mean teachers are better role models : weight - averaged consistency targets improve semi - supervised deep learning results ; the recently proposed temporal ensembling has achieved state - of - the - art results in several semi - supervised learning benchmarks . it maintains an exponential moving average of label predictions on each training example , and penalizes predictions that are inconsistent with this target . however , because the targets change only once per epoch , temporal ensembling becomes unwieldy when learn ←
→ egocentric height estimation ; egocentric , or first - person vision which became popular in recent years with an emerge in wearable technology , is different than exocentric ( third - person ) vision in some distinguishable ways , one of which being that the camera wearer is generally not visible in the video frames . recent work has been done on action and object recognition in egocentric videos , as well as work on biometric extraction from first - person videos . height estimation can be a useful feature for both sof ←
→ annotating derivations : a new evaluation strategy and dataset for algebra word problems ; we propose a new evaluation for automatic solvers for algebra word problems , which can identify mistakes that existing evaluations overlook . our proposal is to evaluate such solvers using derivations , which reflect how an equation system was constructed from the word problem . to accomplish this , we develop an algorithm for checking the equivalence between two derivations , and show how derivation an - notations can be ←
→ application of rough set theory to analysis of hydrocyclone operation ; this paper describes application of rough set theory , on the analysis of hydrocyclone operation . in this manner , using self organizing map ( som ) as preprocessing step , best crisp granules of data are obtained . then , using a combining of som and rough set theory ( rst )- called sorst -, the dominant rules on the information table , obtained from laboratory tests , are extracted . based on these rules , an approximate estimation on decision attri ←
→ traversing environments using possibility graphs for humanoid robots ; locomotion for legged robots poses considerable challenges when confronted by obstacles and adverse environments . footstep planners are typically only designed for one mode of locomotion , but traversing unfavorable environments may require several forms of locomotion to be sequenced together , such as walking , crawling , and jumping . multi - modal motion planners can be used to address some of these problems , but existing implementations ten ←
→ discovering multiple constraints that are frequently approximately satisfied ; some high - dimensional data . sets can be modelled by assuming that there are many different linear constraints , each of which is frequently approximately satisfied ( fas ) by the data . the probability of a data vector under the model is then proportional to the product of the probabilities of its constraint violations . we describe three methods of learning products of constraints using a heavy - tailed probability distribution for th ←
→ learning mixtures of bernoulli templates by two - round em with performance guarantee ; dasgupta and shulman showed that a two - round variant of the em algorithm can learn mixture of gaussian distributions with near optimal precision with high probability if the gaussian distributions are well separated and if the dimension is sufficiently high . in this paper , we generalize their theory to learning mixture of high - dimensional bernoulli templates . each template is a binary vector , and a template generates exa ←
→ contextually supervised source separation with application to energy disaggregation ; we propose a new framework for single - channel source separation that lies between the fully supervised and unsupervised setting . instead of supervision , we provide input features for each source signal and use convex methods to estimate the correlations between these features and the unobserved signal decomposition . we analyze the case of $\ ell_2 $ loss theoretically and show that recovery of the signal components depends ←
→ learning to understand phrases by embedding the dictionary ; distributional models that learn rich semantic word representations are a success story of recent nlp research . however , developing models that learn useful representations of phrases and sentences has proved far harder . we propose using the definitions found in everyday dictionaries as a means of bridging this gap between lexical and phrasal semantics . neural language embedding models can be effectively trained to map dictionary definitions ( phra ←
→ improving raw image storage efficiency by exploiting similarity ; to improve the temporal and spatial storage efficiency , researchers have intensively studied various techniques , including compression and deduplication . through our evaluation , we find that methods such as photo tags or local features help to identify the content - based similar - ity between raw images . the images can then be com - pressed more efficiently to get better storage space sav - ings . furthermore , storing similar raw images together e ←
→ cross - type biomedical named entity recognition with deep multi - task learning ; motivation : biomedical named entity recognition ( bioner ) is the most fundamental task in biomedical text mining . state - of - the - art bioner systems often require handcrafted features specifically designed for each type of biomedical entities . this feature generation process requires intensive labors from biomedical and linguistic experts , and makes it difficult to adapt these systems to new biomedical entity types . although recent ←
→ disjunctive logic programs with inheritance ; the paper proposes a new knowledge representation language , called dlp <, which extends disjunctive logic programming ( with strong negation ) by inheritance . the addition of inheritance enhances the knowledge modeling features of the language providing a natural representation of default reasoning with exceptions . a declarative model - theoretic semantics of dlp < is provided , which is shown to generalize the answer set semantics of disjunctive logic programs . th ←
→ a flow model of neural networks ; based on a natural connection between resnet and transport equation or its characteristic equation , we propose a continuous flow model for both resnet and plain net . through this continuous model , a resnet can be explicitly constructed as a refinement of a plain net . the flow model provides an alternative perspective to understand phenomena in deep neural networks , such as why it is necessary and sufficient to use 2 - layer blocks in resnets , why deeper is better , and why res ←
→ topic sensitive neural headline generation ; neural models have recently been used in text summarization including headline generation . the model can be trained using a set of document - headline pairs . however , the model does not explicitly consider topical similarities and differences of documents . we suggest to categorizing documents into various topics so that documents within the same topic are similar in content and share similar summarization patterns . taking advantage of topic information of documents ←
→ deeply - supervised recurrent convolutional neural network for saliency detection ; this paper proposes a novel saliency detection method by developing a deeply - supervised recurrent convolutional neural network ( dsrcnn ), which performs a full image - to - image saliency prediction . for saliency detection , the local , global , and contextual information of salient objects is important to obtain a high quality salient map . to achieve this goal , the dsrcnn is designed based on vggnet - 16 . firstly , the recurrent conne ←
→ color and gradient features for text segmentation from video frames ; text segmentation in a video is drawing attention of researchers in the field of image processing , pattern recognition and document image analysis because it helps in annotating and labeling video events accurately . we propose a novel idea of generating an enhanced frame from the r , g , and b channels of an input frame by grouping high and low values using min - max clustering criteria . we also perform sliding window on enhanced frame to gro ←
→ combining stereo disparity and optical flow for basic scene flow ; scene flow is a description of real world motion in 3d that contains more information than optical flow . because of its complexity there exists no applicable variant for real - time scene flow estimation in an automotive or commercial vehicle context that is sufficiently robust and accurate . therefore , many applications estimate the 2d optical flow instead . in this paper , we examine the combination of top - performing state - of - the - art optical fl ←
→ active neural localization ; localization is the problem of estimating the location of an autonomous agent from an observation and a map of the environment . traditional methods of localization , which filter the belief based on the observations , are sub - optimal in the number of steps required , as they do not decide the actions taken by the agent . we propose " active neural localizer ", a fully differentiable neural network that learns to localize accurately and efficiently . the proposed model incorporates idea ←
→ boosting hazard regression with time - varying covariates ; consider a left - truncated right - censored survival process whose evolution depends on time - varying covariates . given functional data samples from the process , we propose a practical boosting procedure for estimating its log - intensity function . our method does not require any separability assumptions like cox proportional - or aalen additive - hazards , thus it can flexibly capture time - covariate interactions . the estimator is consistent if the model is co ←
→ learning diagnostic policies from examples by systematic search ; a diagnostic policy specifies what test to perform next , based on the results of previous tests , and when to stop and make a diagnosis . cost - sensitive diagnostic policies perform tradeoffs between ( a ) the cost of tests and ( b ) the cost of misdiagnoses . an optimal diagnostic policy minimizes the expected total cost . we formalize this diagnosis process as a markov decision process ( mdp ). we investigate two types of algorithms for solving this m ←
→ two phase $ q -$ learning for bidding - based vehicle sharing ; we consider one - way vehicle sharing systems where customers can rent a car at one station and drop it off at another . the problem we address is to optimize the distribution of cars , and quality of service , by pricing rentals appropriately . we propose a bidding approach that is inspired from auctions and takes into account the significant uncertainty inherent in the problem data ( e . g ., pick - up and drop - off locations , time of requests , and duration of ←
→ using belief theory to diagnose control knowledge quality . application to cartographic generalisation ; both humans and artificial systems frequently use trial and error methods to problem solving . in order to be effective , this type of strategy implies having high quality control knowledge to guide the quest for the optimal solution . unfortunately , this control knowledge is rarely perfect . moreover , in artificial systems - as in humans - self - evaluation of one ' s own knowledge is often difficult . yet , this se ←
→ style transfer in text : exploration and evaluation ; style transfer is an important problem in natural language processing ( nlp ). however , the progress in language style transfer is lagged behind other domains , such as computer vision , mainly because of the lack of parallel data and principle evaluation metrics . in this paper , we propose to learn style transfer with non - parallel data . we explore two models to achieve this goal , and the key idea behind the proposed models is to learn separate content represe ←
→ on the computational complexity of geometric langevin monte carlo ; manifold markov chain monte carlo algorithms have been introduced to sample more effectively from challenging target densities exhibiting multiple modes or strong correlations . such algorithms exploit the local geometry of the parameter space , thus enabling chains to achieve a faster convergence rate when measured in number of steps . however , often acquiring local geometric information increases computational complexity per step to the exte ←
→ gogma : globally - optimal gaussian mixture alignment ; gaussian mixture alignment is a family of approaches that are frequently used for robustly solving the point - set registration problem . however , since they use local optimisation , they are susceptible to local minima and can only guarantee local optimality . consequently , their accuracy is strongly dependent on the quality of the initialisation . this paper presents the first globally - optimal solution to the 3d rigid gaussian mixture alignment problem under ←
→ learning sparse additive models with interactions in high dimensions ; a function $ f : \ mathbb { r }^ d \ rightarrow \ mathbb { r }$ is referred to as a sparse additive model ( spam ), if it is of the form $ f (\ mathbf { x }) = \ sum_ { l \ in \ mathcal { s }}\ phi_ { l }( x_l )$, where $\ mathcal { s } \ subset [ d ]$, $|\ mathcal { s }| \ ll d $. assuming $\ phi_l $' s and $\ mathcal { s }$ to be unknown , the problem of estimating $ f $ from its samples has been studied extensively . in this work , we consider a generalized spam , allowing for second order int ←
→ matrust : an effective multi - aspect trust inference model ; trust is a fundamental concept in many real - world applications such as e - commerce and peer - to - peer networks . in these applications , users can generate local opinions about the counterparts based on direct experiences , and these opinions can then be aggregated to build trust among unknown users . the mechanism to build new trust relationships based on existing ones is referred to as trust inference . state - of - the - art trust inference approaches employ t ←
→ sdna : stochastic dual newton ascent for empirical risk minimization ; we propose a new algorithm for minimizing regularized empirical loss : stochastic dual newton ascent ( sdna ). our method is dual in nature : in each iteration we update a random subset of the dual variables . however , unlike existing methods such as stochastic dual coordinate ascent , sdna is capable of utilizing all curvature information contained in the examples , which leads to striking improvements in both theory and practice - sometimes by ←
→ bridging the gap : simultaneous fine tuning for data re - balancing ; there are many real - world classification problems wherein the issue of data imbalance ( the case when a data set contains substantially more samples for one / many classes than the rest ) is unavoidable . while under - sampling the problematic classes is a common solution , this is not a compelling option when the large data class is itself diverse and / or the limited data class is especially small . we suggest a strategy based on recent work concerni ←
→ a generative model for zero shot learning using conditional variational autoencoders ; zero shot learning in image classification refers to the setting where images from some novel classes are absent in the training data but other information such as natural language descriptions or attribute vectors of the classes are available . this setting is important in the real world since one may not be able to obtain images of all the possible classes at training . while previous approaches have tried to model the ←
→ leveraging evolutionary search to discover self - adaptive and self - organizing cellular automata ; building self - adaptive and self - organizing ( saso ) systems is a challenging problem , in part because saso principles are not yet well understood and few platforms exist for exploring them . cellular automata ( ca ) are a well - studied approach to exploring the principles underlying self - organization . a ca comprises a lattice of cells whose states change over time based on a discrete update function . one challenge t ←
→ a study on modeling of inputting electrical power of ultra high power electric furnace by using fuzzy rule and regression model ; : in this paper a method to make inputting electrical model upon factors that affect melting process of high ultra power ( uhp ) electric furnace by using fuzzy rule and regression model is suggested and its effectiveness is verified with simulation experiment .←
→ score - based causal learning in additive noise models ; given data sampled from a number of variables , one is often interested in the underlying causal relationships in the form of a directed acyclic graph . in the general case , without interventions on some of the variables it is only possible to identify the graph up to its markov equivalence class . however , in some situations one can find the true causal graph just from observational data , for example in structural equation models with additive noise and n ←
→ males : a framework for automatic tuning of automated theorem provers ; males is an automatic tuning framework for automated theorem provers . it provides solutions for both the strategy finding as well as the strategy scheduling problem . this paper describes the tool and the methods used in it , and evaluates its performance on three automated theorem provers : e , leo - ii and satallax . an evaluation on a subset of the tptp library problems shows that on average a males - tuned prover solves 8 . 67 % more problems th ←
→ fairness in supervised learning : an information theoretic approach ; automated decision making systems are increasingly being used in real - world applications . in these systems for the most part , the decision rules are derived by minimizing the training error on the available historical data . therefore , if there is a bias related to a sensitive attribute such as gender , race , religion , etc . in the data , say , due to cultural / historical discriminatory practices against a certain demographic , the system could c ←
→ composition - aided sketch - realistic portrait generation ; sketch portrait generation is of wide applications including digital entertainment and law enforcement . despite the great progress achieved by existing face sketch generation methods , they mostly yield blurred effects and great deformation over various facial parts . in order to tackle this challenge , we propose a novel composition - aided generative adversarial network ( ca - gan ) for sketch portrait generation . first , we utilize paired inputs including a ←
→ maximally informative observables and categorical perception ; we formulate the problem of perception in the framework of information theory , and prove that categorical perception is equivalent to the existence of an observable that has the maximum possible information on the target of perception . we call such an observable maximally informative . regardless whether categorical perception is real , maximally informative observables can form the basis of a theory of perception . we conclude with the implication ←
→ convolutional neural fabrics ; despite the success of cnns , selecting the optimal architecture for a given task remains an open problem . instead of aiming to select a single optimal architecture , we propose a " fabric " that embeds an exponentially large number of architectures . the fabric consists of a 3d trellis that connects response maps at different layers , scales , and channels with a sparse homogeneous local connectivity pattern . the only hyper - parameters of a fabric are the number of channels and layer ←
→ algorithms for multi - armed bandit problems ; although many algorithms for the multi - armed bandit problem are well - understood theoretically , empirical confirmation of their effectiveness is generally scarce . this paper presents a thorough empirical study of the most popular multi - armed bandit algorithms . three important observations can be made from our results . firstly , simple heuristics such as epsilon - greedy and boltzmann exploration outperform theoretically sound algorithms on most settings by a signific ←
→ exploration in feature space for reinforcement learning ; the infamous exploration - exploitation dilemma is one of the oldest and most important problems in reinforcement learning ( rl ). deliberate and effective exploration is necessary for rl agents to succeed in most environments . however , until very recently even very sophisticated rl algorithms employed simple , undirected exploration strategies in large - scale rl tasks . we introduce a new optimistic count - based exploration algorithm for rl that is feasib ←
→ the ethics of robotics ; the three laws of robotics first appeared together in isaac asimov ' s story ' runaround ' after being mentioned in some form or the other in previous works by asimov . these three laws commonly known as the three laws of robotics are the earliest forms of depiction for the needs of ethics in robotics . in simplistic language isaac asimov is able to explain what rules a robot must confine itself to in order to maintain societal sanctity . however , even though they are outdated they still r ←
→ zero - shot learning via category - specific visual - semantic mapping ; zero - shot learning ( zsl ) aims to classify a test instance from an unseen category based on the training instances from seen categories , in which the gap between seen categories and unseen categories is generally bridged via visual - semantic mapping between the low - level visual feature space and the intermediate semantic space . however , the visual - semantic mapping learnt based on seen categories may not generalize well to unseen categories bec ←
→ sparse pca through low - rank approximations ; we introduce a novel algorithm that computes the $ k $- sparse principal component of a positive semidefinite matrix $ a $. our algorithm is combinatorial and operates by examining a discrete set of special vectors lying in a low - dimensional eigen - subspace of $ a $. we obtain provable approximation guarantees that depend on the spectral decay profile of the matrix : the faster the eigenvalue decay , the better the quality of our approximation . for example , if the eigenval ←
→ data classification using the dempster - shafer method ; in this paper , the dempster - shafer method is employed as the theoretical basis for creating data classification systems . testing is carried out using three popular ( multiple attribute ) benchmark datasets that have two , three and four classes . in each case , a subset of the available data is used for training to establish thresholds , limits or likelihoods of class membership for each attribute , and hence create mass functions that establish probability of ←
→ hiérarchisation des règles d ' association en fouille de textes ; extraction of association rules is widely used as a data mining method . however , one of the limit of this approach comes from the large number of extracted rules and the difficulty for a human expert to deal with the totality of these rules . we propose to solve this problem by structuring the set of rules into hierarchy . the expert can then therefore explore the rules , access from one rule to another one more general when we raise up in the hie ←
→ a comparative study of different feature sets for recognition of handwritten arabic numerals using a multi layer perceptron ; the work presents a comparative assessment of seven different feature sets for recognition of handwritten arabic numerals using a multi layer perceptron ( mlp ) based classifier . the seven feature sets employed here consist of shadow features , octant centroids , longest runs , angular distances , effective spans , dynamic centers of gravity , and some of their combinations . on experimenta ←
→ began : boundary equilibrium generative adversarial networks ; we propose a new equilibrium enforcing method paired with a loss derived from the wasserstein distance for training auto - encoder based generative adversarial networks . this method balances the generator and discriminator during training . additionally , it provides a new approximate convergence measure , fast and stable training and high visual quality . we also derive a way of controlling the trade - off between image diversity and visual quality . we ←
→ the application of the bayes ying yang harmony based gmms in on - line signature verification ; in this contribution , a bayes ying yang ( byy ) harmony based approach for on - line signature verification is presented . in the proposed method , a simple but effective gaussian mixture models ( gmms ) is used to represent for each user ' s signature model based on the prior information collected . different from the early works , in this paper , we use the bayes ying yang machine combined with the harmony function to achieve ←
→ embedding knowledge graphs based on transitivity and antisymmetry of rules ; representation learning of knowledge graphs encodes entities and relation types into a continuous low - dimensional vector space , learns embeddings of entities and relation types . most existing methods only concentrate on knowledge triples , ignoring logic rules which contain rich background knowledge . although there has been some work aiming at leveraging both knowledge triples and logic rules , they ignore the transitivity and anti ←
→ robust covariate shift prediction with general losses and feature views ; covariate shift relaxes the widely - employed independent and identically distributed ( iid ) assumption by allowing different training and testing input distributions . unfortunately , common methods for addressing covariate shift by trying to remove the bias between training and testing distributions using importance weighting often provide poor performance guarantees in theory and unreliable predictions with high variance in practice . re ←
→ detecting context dependence in exercise item candidates selected from corpora ; we explore the factors influencing the dependence of single sentences on their larger textual context in order to automatically identify candidate sentences for language learning exercises from corpora which are presentable in isolation . an in - depth investigation of this question has not been previously carried out . understanding this aspect can contribute to a more efficient selection of candidate sentences which , besides re ←
→ concept - based recommendations for internet advertisement ; the problem of detecting terms that can be interesting to the advertiser is considered . if a company has already bought some advertising terms which describe certain services , it is reasonable to find out the terms bought by competing companies . a part of them can be recommended as future advertising terms to the company . the goal of this work is to propose better interpretable recommendations based on fca and association rules .←
→ a leaf recognition algorithm for plant classification using probabilistic neural network ; in this paper , we employ probabilistic neural network ( pnn ) with image and data processing techniques to implement a general purpose automated leaf recognition algorithm . 12 leaf features are extracted and orthogonalized into 5 principal variables which consist the input vector of the pnn . the pnn is trained by 1800 leaves to classify 32 kinds of plants with an accuracy greater than 90 %. compared with other approach ←
→ arabic text summarization based on latent semantic analysis to enhance arabic documents clustering ; arabic documents clustering is an important task for obtaining good results with the traditional information retrieval ( ir ) systems especially with the rapid growth of the number of online documents present in arabic language . documents clustering aim to automatically group similar documents in one cluster using different similarity / distance measures . this task is often affected by the documents length , us ←
→ learning to generate reviews and discovering sentiment ; we explore the properties of byte - level recurrent language models . when given sufficient amounts of capacity , training data , and compute time , the representations learned by these models include disentangled features corresponding to high - level concepts . specifically , we find a single unit which performs sentiment analysis . these representations , learned in an unsupervised manner , achieve state of the art on the binary subset of the stanford sentiment ←
→ sockpuppet detection in wikipedia : a corpus of real - world deceptive writing for linking identities ; this paper describes the corpus of sockpuppet cases we gathered from wikipedia . a sockpuppet is an online user account created with a fake identity for the purpose of covering abusive behavior and / or subverting the editing regulation process . we used a semi - automated method for crawling and curating a dataset of real sockpuppet investigation cases . to the best of our knowledge , this is the first corpus ava ←
→ learning channel inter - dependencies at multiple scales on dense networks for face recognition ; we propose a new deep network structure for unconstrained face recognition . the proposed network integrates several key components together in order to characterize complex data distributions , such as in unconstrained face images . inspired by recent progress in deep networks , we consider some important concepts , including multi - scale feature learning , dense connections of network layers , and weighting different ←
→ variational inference using implicit distributions ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have given us a great tool to fit implicit generative models to data . implicit distributions are ones we can sample from easily , and take derivatives of samples with respect to model parameters . these models are highly expressive and we argue they can prove just as useful for variational inference ( vi ) as they are for generative modelling . several papers have proposed gan - like algorithms for inference , however , conne ←
→ cascaded boundary regression for temporal action detection ; temporal action detection in long videos is an important problem . state - of - the - art methods address this problem by applying action classifiers on sliding windows . although sliding windows may contain an identifiable portion of the actions , they may not necessarily cover the entire action instance , which would lead to inferior performance . we adapt a two - stage temporal action detection pipeline with cascaded boundary regression ( cbr ) model . class - a ←
→ efficient multi - frequency phase unwrapping using kernel density estimation ; in this paper we introduce an efficient method to unwrap multi - frequency phase estimates for time - of - flight ranging . the algorithm generates multiple depth hypotheses and uses a spatial kernel density estimate ( kde ) to rank them . the confidence produced by the kde is also an effective means to detect outliers . we also introduce a new closed - form expression for phase noise prediction , that better fits real data . the method is appl ←
→ probabilistic coherence and proper scoring rules ; we provide self - contained proof of a theorem relating probabilistic coherence of forecasts to their non - domination by rival forecasts with respect to any proper scoring rule . the theorem appears to be new but is closely related to results achieved by other investigators .←
→ business intelligence from web usage mining ; the rapid e - commerce growth has made both business community and customers face a new situation . due to intense competition on one hand and the customer ' s option to choose from several alternatives business community has realized the necessity of intelligent marketing strategies and relationship management . web usage mining attempts to discover useful knowledge from the secondary data obtained from the interactions of the users with the web . web usage mining has ←
→ evidence against evidence theory (?!) ; this paper is concerned with the apparent greatest weakness of the mathematical theory of evidence ( mte ) of shafer \ cite { shafer : 76 }, which has been strongly criticized by wasserman \ cite { wasserman : 92ijar } - the relationship to frequencies . weaknesses of various proposals of probabilistic interpretation of mte belief functions are demonstrated . a new frequency - based interpretation is presented overcoming various drawbacks of earlier interpretations .←
→ combinatorial pyramids and discrete geometry for energy - minimizing segmentation ; this paper defines the basis of a new hierarchical framework for segmentation algorithms based on energy minimization schemes . this new framework is based on two formal tools . first , a combinatorial pyramid encode efficiently a hierarchy of partitions . secondly , discrete geometric estimators measure precisely some important geometric parameters of the regions . these measures combined with photometrical and topological featur ←
→ divisive - agglomerative algorithm and complexity of automatic classification problems ; an algorithm of solution of the automatic classification ( ac for brevity ) problem is set forth in the paper . in the ac problem , it is required to find one or several artitions , starting with the given pattern matrix or dissimilarity , similarity matrix .←
→ semantic parsing natural language into sparql : improving target language representation with neural attention ; semantic parsing is the process of mapping a natural language sentence into a formal representation of its meaning . in this work we use the neural network approach to transform natural language sentence into a query to an ontology database in the sparql language . this method does not rely on handcraft - rules , high - quality lexicons , manually - built templates or other handmade complex structures . ou ←
→ identification of nonlinear systems from the knowledge around different operating conditions : a feed - forward multi - layer ann based approach ; the paper investigates nonlinear system identification using system output data at various linearized operating points . a feed - forward multi - layer artificial neural network ( ann ) based approach is used for this purpose and tested for two target applications i . e . nuclear reactor power level monitoring and an ac servo position control system . various configurations of ←
→ effects of treatment on the treated : identification and generalization ; many applications of causal analysis call for assessing , retrospectively , the effect of withholding an action that has in fact been implemented . this counterfactual quantity , sometimes called " effect of treatment on the treated ," ( ett ) have been used to to evaluate educational programs , critic public policies , and justify individual decision making . in this paper we explore the conditions under which ett can be estimated from ( i . e ., id ←
→ a bottom - up approach for automatic pancreas segmentation in abdominal ct scans ; organ segmentation is a prerequisite for a computer - aided diagnosis ( cad ) system to detect pathologies and perform quantitative analysis . for anatomically high - variability abdominal organs such as the pancreas , previous segmentation works report low accuracies when comparing to organs like the heart or liver . in this paper , a fully - automated bottom - up method is presented for pancreas segmentation , using abdominal computed tom ←
→ socially compliant navigation through raw depth inputs with generative adversarial imitation learning ; we present an approach for mobile robots to learn to navigate in dynamic environments with pedestrians via raw depth inputs , in a socially compliant manner . to achieve this , we adopt a generative adversarial imitation learning ( gail ) strategy , which improves upon a pre - trained behavior cloning policy . our approach overcomes the disadvantages of previous methods , as they heavily depend on the full knowle ←
→ a multi - view rgb - d approach for human pose estimation in operating rooms ; many approaches have been proposed for human pose estimation in single and multi - view rgb images . however , some environments , such as the operating room , are still very challenging for state - of - the - art rgb methods . in this paper , we propose an approach for multi - view 3d human pose estimation from rgb - d images and demonstrate the benefits of using the additional depth channel for pose refinement beyond its use for the generation of im ←
→ fundamental conditions for low - cp - rank tensor completion ; we consider the problem of low canonical polyadic ( cp ) rank tensor completion . a completion is a tensor whose entries agree with the observed entries and its rank matches the given cp rank . we analyze the manifold structure corresponding to the tensors with the given rank and define a set of polynomials based on the sampling pattern and cp decomposition . then , we show that finite completability of the sampled tensor is equivalent to having a certain ←
→ translation of " zur ermittlung eines objektes aus zwei perspektiven mit innerer orientierung " by erwin kruppa ( 1913 ) ; erwin kruppa ' s 1913 paper , erwin kruppa , " zur ermittlung eines objektes aus zwei perspektiven mit innerer orientierung ", sitzungsberichte der mathematisch - naturwissenschaftlichen kaiserlichen akademie der wissenschaften , vol . 122 ( 1913 ), pp . 1939 - 1948 , which may be translated as " to determine a 3d object from two perspective views with known inner orientation ", is a landmark paper in comp ←
→ conflict - driven asp solving with external sources ; answer set programming ( asp ) is a well - known problem solving approach based on nonmonotonic logic programs and efficient solvers . to enable access to external information , hex - programs extend programs with external atoms , which allow for a bidirectional communication between the logic program and external sources of computation ( e . g ., description logic reasoners and web resources ). current solvers evaluate hex - programs by a translation to asp itself , in wh ←
→ fair inference on outcomes ; in this paper , we consider the problem of fair statistical inference involving outcome variables . examples include classification and regression problems , and estimating treatment effects in randomized trials or observational data . the issue of fairness arises in such problems where some covariates or treatments are " sensitive ," in the sense of having potential of creating discrimination . in this paper , we argue that the presence of discrimination can be formalized in a sensible ←
→ recovering latent signals from a mixture of measurements using a gaussian process prior ; in sensing applications , sensors cannot always measure the latent quantity of interest at the required resolution , sometimes they can only acquire a blurred version of it due the sensor ' s transfer function . to recover latent signals when only noisy mixed measurements of the signal are available , we propose the gaussian process mixture of measurements ( gpmm ), which models the latent signal as a gaussian process ( gp ) a ←
→ neuroscientific user models : the source of uncertain user feedback and potentials for improving web personalisation ; in this paper we consider the neuroscientific theory of the bayesian brain in the light of adaptive web systems and content personalisation . in particular , we elaborate on neural mechanisms of human decision - making and the origin of lacking reliability of user feedback , often denoted as noise or human uncertainty . to this end , we first introduce an adaptive model of cognitive agency in whi ←
→ weakly supervised object localization using things and stuff transfer ; we propose to help weakly supervised object localization for classes where location annotations are not available , by transferring things and stuff knowledge from a source set with available annotations . the source and target classes might share similar appearance ( e . g . bear fur is similar to cat fur ) or appear against similar background ( e . g . horse and sheep appear against grass ). to exploit this , we acquire three types of knowledge fr ←
→ classifying documents within multiple hierarchical datasets using multi - task learning ; multi - task learning ( mtl ) is a supervised learning paradigm in which the prediction models for several related tasks are learned jointly to achieve better generalization performance . when there are only a few training examples per task , mtl considerably outperforms the traditional single task learning ( stl ) in terms of prediction accuracy . in this work we develop an mtl based approach for classifying documents that are ←
→ pal : pertinence action language ; the current document contains a brief description of a system for reasoning about actions and change called pal ( pertinence action language ) which makes use of several reasoning properties extracted from a temporal expert systems tool called medtool .←
→ metric learning pairwise kernel for graph inference ; much recent work in bioinformatics has focused on the inference of various types of biological networks , representing gene regulation , metabolic processes , protein - protein interactions , etc . a common setting involves inferring network edges in a supervised fashion from a set of high - confidence edges , possibly characterized by multiple , heterogeneous data sets ( protein sequence , gene expression , etc .). here , we distinguish between two modes of inference i ←
→ active contour with a tangential component ; conventional edge - based active contours often require the normal component of an edge indicator function on the optimal contours to approximate zero , while the tangential component can still be significant . in real images , the full gradients of the edge indicator function along the object boundaries are often small . hence , the curve evolution of edge - based active contours can terminate early before converging to the object boundaries with a careless contour initi ←
→ temporal context network for activity localization in videos ; we present a temporal context network ( tcn ) for precise temporal localization of human activities . similar to the faster - rcnn architecture , proposals are placed at equal intervals in a video which span multiple temporal scales . we propose a novel representation for ranking these proposals . since pooling features only inside a segment is not sufficient to predict activity boundaries , we construct a representation which explicitly captures context ←
→ multi - agent actor - critic for mixed cooperative - competitive environments ; we explore deep reinforcement learning methods for multi - agent domains . we begin by analyzing the difficulty of traditional algorithms in the multi - agent case : q - learning is challenged by an inherent non - stationarity of the environment , while policy gradient suffers from a variance that increases as the number of agents grows . we then present an adaptation of actor - critic methods that considers action policies of other agents and is a ←
→ reformulating the situation calculus and the event calculus in the general theory of stable models and in answer set programming ; circumscription and logic programs under the stable model semantics are two well - known nonmonotonic formalisms . the former has served as a basis of classical logic based action formalisms , such as the situation calculus , the event calculus and temporal action logics ; the latter has served as a basis of a family of action languages , such as language a and several of its descend ←
→ learning planar ising models ; inference and learning of graphical models are both well - studied problems in statistics and machine learning that have found many applications in science and engineering . however , exact inference is intractable in general graphical models , which suggests the problem of seeking the best approximation to a collection of random variables within some tractable family of graphical models . in this paper , we focus on the class of planar ising models , for which exact inference is trac ←
→ statistical properties of european languages and voynich manuscript analysis ; the statistical properties of letters frequencies in european literature texts are investigated . the determination of logarithmic dependence of letters sequence for one - language and two - language texts are examined . the pare of languages is suggested for voynich manuscript . the internal structure of manuscript is considered . the spectral portraits of two - letters distribution are constructed .←
→ idtracker . ai : tracking all individuals in large collectives of unmarked animals ; our understanding of collective animal behavior is limited by our ability to track each of the individuals . we describe an algorithm and software , idtracker . ai , that extracts from video all trajectories with correct identities at a high accuracy for collectives of up to 100 individuals . it uses two deep networks , one detecting when animals touch or cross and another one for animal identification , trained adaptively to condit ←
→ feature - weighted linear stacking ; ensemble methods , such as stacking , are designed to boost predictive accuracy by blending the predictions of multiple machine learning models . recent work has shown that the use of meta - features , additional inputs describing each example in a dataset , can boost the performance of ensemble methods , but the greatest reported gains have come from nonlinear procedures requiring significant tuning and training time . here , we present a linear technique , feature - weighted linear s ←
→ geoseq2seq : information geometric sequence - to - sequence networks ; the fisher information metric is an important foundation of information geometry , wherein it allows us to approximate the local geometry of a probability distribution . recurrent neural networks such as the sequence - to - sequence ( seq2seq ) networks that have lately been used to yield state - of - the - art performance on speech translation or image captioning have so far ignored the geometry of the latent embedding , that they iteratively learn . we pro ←
→ learning joint multilingual sentence representations with neural machine translation ; in this paper , we use the framework of neural machine translation to learn joint sentence representations across six very different languages . our aim is that a representation which is independent of the language , is likely to capture the underlying semantics . we define a new cross - lingual similarity measure , compare up to 1 . 4m sentence representations and study the characteristics of close sentences . we provide experim ←
→ multiple instance learning with bag dissimilarities ; multiple instance learning ( mil ) is concerned with learning from sets ( bags ) of objects ( instances ), where the individual instance labels are ambiguous . in this setting , supervised learning cannot be applied directly . often , specialized mil methods learn by making additional assumptions about the relationship of the bag labels and instance labels . such assumptions may fit a particular dataset , but do not generalize to the whole range of mil problems . oth ←
→ self - paced convolutional neural network for computer aided detection in medical imaging analysis ; tissue characterization has long been an important component of computer aided diagnosis ( cad ) systems for automatic lesion detection and further clinical planning . motivated by the superior performance of deep learning methods on various computer vision problems , there has been increasing work applying deep learning to medical image analysis . however , the development of a robust and reliable deep learning m ←
→ extending defensive distillation ; machine learning is vulnerable to adversarial examples : inputs carefully modified to force misclassification . designing defenses against such inputs remains largely an open problem . in this work , we revisit defensive distillation --- which is one of the mechanisms proposed to mitigate adversarial examples --- to address its limitations . we view our results not only as an effective way of addressing some of the recently discovered attacks but also as reinforcing the importance ←
→ a parallel genetic algorithm for generalized vertex cover problem ; this paper presents a parallel genetic algorithm for generalised vertex cover problem ( gvcp ) using hadoop map - reduce framework . the proposed map - reduce implementation helps to run the genetic algorithm for generalized vertex cover problem ( gvcp ) on multiple machines parallely and computes the solution in relatively short time .←
→ cube - cut : vertebral body segmentation in mri - data through cubic - shaped divergences ; in this article , we present a graph - based method using a cubic template for volumetric segmentation of vertebrae in magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) acquisitions . the user can define the degree of deviation from a regular cube via a smoothness value delta . the cube - cut algorithm generates a directed graph with two terminal nodes ( s - t - network ), where the nodes of the graph correspond to a cubic - shaped subset of the image ' s ←
→ a novel approach of solving the cnf - sat problem ; in this paper , we discussed cnf - sat problem ( np - complete problem ) and analysis two solutions that can solve the problem , the pl - resolution algorithm and the walksat algorithm . pl - resolution is a sound and complete algorithm that can be used to determine satisfiability and unsatisfiability with certainty . walksat can determine satisfiability if it finds a model , but it cannot guarantee to find a model even there exists one . however , walksat is much faster tha ←
→ probabilistic structure discovery in time series data ; existing methods for structure discovery in time series data construct interpretable , compositional kernels for gaussian process regression models . while the learned gaussian process model provides posterior mean and variance estimates , typically the structure is learned via a greedy optimization procedure . this restricts the space of possible solutions and leads to over - confident uncertainty estimates . we introduce a fully bayesian approach , inferring ←
→ a comparative study between moravec and harris corner detection of noisy images using adaptive wavelet thresholding technique ; in this paper a comparative study between moravec and harris corner detection has been done for obtaining features required to track and recognize objects within a noisy image . corner detection of noisy images is a challenging task in image processing . natural images often get corrupted by noise during acquisition and transmission . as corner detection of these noisy images does n ←
→ fingerprint recognition using translation invariant scattering network ; fingerprint recognition has drawn a lot of attention during last decades . different features and algorithms have been used for fingerprint recognition in the past . in this paper , a powerful image representation called scattering transform / network , is used for recognition . scattering network is a convolutional network where its architecture and filters are predefined wavelet transforms . the first layer of scattering representation is si ←
→ efficient methods for qualitative spatial reasoning ; the theoretical properties of qualitative spatial reasoning in the rcc8 framework have been analyzed extensively . however , no empirical investigation has been made yet . our experiments show that the adaption of the algorithms used for qualitative temporal reasoning can solve large rcc8 instances , even if they are in the phase transition region -- provided that one uses the maximal tractable subsets of rcc8 that have been identified by us . in particular , ←
→ conditions on consistency of probabilistic tree adjoining grammars ; much of the power of probabilistic methods in modelling language comes from their ability to compare several derivations for the same string in the language . an important starting point for the study of such cross - derivational properties is the notion of _consistency_ . the probability model defined by a probabilistic grammar is said to be _consistent_ if the probabilities assigned to all the strings in the language sum to one . from the lit ←
→ adaptive svm +: learning with privileged information for domain adaptation ; incorporating additional knowledge in the learning process can be beneficial for several computer vision and machine learning tasks . whether privileged information originates from a source domain that is adapted to a target domain , or as additional features available at training time only , using such privileged ( i . e ., auxiliary ) information is of high importance as it improves the recognition performance and generalization . howeve ←
→ electric vehicle driver clustering using statistical model and machine learning ; electric vehicle ( ev ) is playing a significant role in the distribution energy management systems since the power consumption level of the evs is much higher than the other regular home appliances . the randomness of the ev driver behaviors make the optimal charging or discharging scheduling even more difficult due to the uncertain charging session parameters . to minimize the impact of behavioral uncertainties , it is critical ←
→ fsrnet : end - to - end learning face super - resolution with facial priors ; face super - resolution ( sr ) is a domain - specific super - resolution problem . the specific facial prior knowledge could be leveraged for better super - resolving face images . we present a novel deep end - to - end trainable face super - resolution network ( fsrnet ), which makes full use of the geometry prior , i . e ., facial landmark heatmaps and parsing maps , to super - resolve very low - resolution ( lr ) face images without well - aligned requirement . specif ←
→ image annotation incorporating low - rankness , tag and visual correlation and inhomogeneous errors ; tag - based image retrieval ( tbir ) has drawn much attention in recent years due to the explosive amount of digital images and crowdsourcing tags . however , tbir is still suffering from the incomplete and inaccurate tags provided by users , posing a great challenge for tag - based image management applications . in this work , we proposed a novel method for image annotation , incorporating several priors : low - rankness ←
→ tracking as online decision - making : learning a policy from streaming videos with reinforcement learning ; we formulate tracking as an online decision - making process , where a tracking agent must follow an object despite ambiguous image frames and a limited computational budget . crucially , the agent must decide where to look in the upcoming frames , when to reinitialize because it believes the target has been lost , and when to update its appearance model for the tracked object . such decisions are typically m ←
→ automatic tool landmark detection for stereo vision in robot - assisted retinal surgery ; computer vision and robotics are being increasingly applied in medical interventions . especially in interventions where extreme precision is required they could make a difference . one such application is robot - assisted retinal microsurgery . in recent works , such interventions are conducted under a stereo - microscope , and with a robot - controlled surgical tool . the complementarity of computer vision and robotics has howev ←
→ discriminative region proposal adversarial networks for high - quality image - to - image translation ; image - to - image translation has been made much progress with embracing generative adversarial networks ( gans ). however , it ' s still very challenging for translation tasks that require high - quality , especially at high - resolution and photo - reality . in this paper , we present discriminative region proposal adversarial networks ( drpans ) with three components : a generator , a discriminator and a reviser , for high - qual ←
→ sequential design for computer experiments with a flexible bayesian additive model ; in computer experiments , a mathematical model implemented on a computer is used to represent complex physical phenomena . these models , known as computer simulators , enable experimental study of a virtual representation of the complex phenomena . simulators can be thought of as complex functions that take many inputs and provide an output . often these simulators are themselves expensive to compute , and may be approximated b ←
→ 3d interest point detection via discriminative learning ; the task of detecting the interest points in 3d meshes has typically been handled by geometric methods . these methods , while greatly describing human preference , can be ill - equipped for handling the variety and subjectivity in human responses . different tasks have different requirements for interest point detection ; some tasks may necessitate high precision while other tasks may require high recall . sometimes points with high curvature may be desirab ←
→ a comparative study for the weighted nuclear norm minimization and nuclear norm minimization ; nuclear norm minimization ( nnm ) tends to over - shrink the rank components and treats the different rank components equally , thus limits its capability and flexibility . recent studies have shown that the weighted nuclear norm minimization ( wnnm ) is expected to be more accurate than nnm . however , it still lacks a plausible mathematical explanation why wnnm is more accurate than nnm . this paper analyzes the wnnm and ←
→ less is more : culling the training set to improve robustness of deep neural networks ; deep neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples . prior defenses attempted to make deep networks more robust by either improving the network architecture or adding adversarial examples into the training set , with their respective limitations . we propose a new direction . motivated by recent research that shows that outliers in the training set have a high negative influence on the trained model , our approach m ←
→ bag of attributes for video event retrieval ; in this paper , we present the bag - of - attributes ( boa ) model for video representation aiming at video event retrieval . the boa model is based on a semantic feature space for representing videos , resulting in high - level video feature vectors . for creating a semantic space , i . e ., the attribute space , we can train a classifier using a labeled image dataset , obtaining a classification model that can be understood as a high - level codebook . this model is used to map lo ←
→ pattern classification using simplified neural networks ; in recent years , many neural network models have been proposed for pattern classification , function approximation and regression problems . this paper presents an approach for classifying patterns from simplified nns . although the predictive accuracy of anns is often higher than that of other methods or human experts , it is often said that anns are practically " black boxes ", due to the complexity of the networks . in this paper , we have an attempted to ←
→ a maximal - information color to gray conversion method for document images : toward an optimal grayscale representation for document image binarization ; a novel method to convert color / multi - spectral images to gray - level images is introduced to increase the performance of document binarization methods . the method uses the distribution of the pixel data of the input document image in a color space to find a transformation , called the dual transform , which balances the amount of information on all color ch ←
→ comparing apples to apples in the evaluation of binary coding methods ; we discuss methodological issues related to the evaluation of unsupervised binary code construction methods for nearest neighbor search . these issues have been widely ignored in literature . these coding methods attempt to preserve either euclidean distance or angular ( cosine ) distance in the binary embedding space . we explain why when comparing a method whose goal is preserving cosine similarity to one designed for preserving euclidean ←
→ axiomatizing causal reasoning ; causal models defined in terms of a collection of equations , as defined by pearl , are axiomatized here . axiomatizations are provided for three successively more general classes of causal models : ( 1 ) the class of recursive theories ( those without feedback ), ( 2 ) the class of theories where the solutions to the equations are unique , ( 3 ) arbitrary theories ( where the equations may not have solutions and , if they do , they are not necessarily unique ). it is shown that to reason abo ←
→ edge preserving multi - modal registration based on gradient intensity self - similarity ; image registration is a challenging task in the world of medical imaging . particularly , accurate edge registration plays a central role in a variety of clinical conditions . the modality independent neighbourhood descriptor ( mind ) demonstrates state of the art alignment , based on the image self - similarity . however , this method appears to be less accurate regarding edge registration . in this work , we propose a new registr ←
→ is there an elegant universal theory of prediction ? ; solomonoff ' s inductive learning model is a powerful , universal and highly elegant theory of sequence prediction . its critical flaw is that it is incomputable and thus cannot be used in practice . it is sometimes suggested that it may still be useful to help guide the development of very general and powerful theories of prediction which are computable . in this paper it is shown that although powerful algorithms exist , they are necessarily highly complex . t ←
→ a tight convex upper bound on the likelihood of a finite mixture ; the likelihood function of a finite mixture model is a non - convex function with multiple local maxima and commonly used iterative algorithms such as em will converge to different solutions depending on initial conditions . in this paper we ask : is it possible to assess how far we are from the global maximum of the likelihood ? since the likelihood of a finite mixture model can grow unboundedly by centering a gaussian on a single datapoint and ←
→ fast stochastic variance reduced admm for stochastic composition optimization ; we consider the stochastic composition optimization problem proposed in \ cite { wang2017stochastic }, which has applications ranging from estimation to statistical and machine learning . we propose the first admm - based algorithm named com - svr - admm , and show that com - svr - admm converges linearly for strongly convex and lipschitz smooth objectives , and has a convergence rate of $ o ( \ log s / s )$, which improves upon the $ o ( s ^{- 4 / 9 })$ ra ←
→ on characterizing the capacity of neural networks using algebraic topology ; the learnability of different neural architectures can be characterized directly by computable measures of data complexity . in this paper , we reframe the problem of architecture selection as understanding how data determines the most expressive and generalizable architectures suited to that data , beyond inductive bias . after suggesting algebraic topology as a measure for data complexity , we show that the power of a network to exp ←
→ correlation adaptive subspace segmentation by trace lasso ; this paper studies the subspace segmentation problem . given a set of data points drawn from a union of subspaces , the goal is to partition them into their underlying subspaces they were drawn from . the spectral clustering method is used as the framework . it requires to find an affinity matrix which is close to block diagonal , with nonzero entries corresponding to the data point pairs from the same subspace . in this work , we argue that both sparsity ←
→ reply with : proactive recommendation of email attachments ; email responses often contain items - such as a file or a hyperlink to an external document - that are attached to or included inline in the body of the message . analysis of an enterprise email corpus reveals that 35 % of the time when users include these items as part of their response , the attachable item is already present in their inbox or sent folder . a modern email client can proactively retrieve relevant attachable items from the user ' s past emai ←
→ recalling of images using hopfield neural network model ; in the present paper , an effort has been made for storing and recalling images with hopfield neural network model of auto - associative memory . images are stored by calculating a corresponding weight matrix . thereafter , starting from an arbitrary configuration , the memory will settle on exactly that stored image , which is nearest to the starting configuration in terms of hamming distance . thus given an incomplete or corrupted version of a stored image ,←
→ deformably registering and annotating whole clarity brains to an atlas via masked lddmm ; the clarity method renders brains optically transparent to enable high - resolution imaging in the structurally intact brain . anatomically annotating clarity brains is necessary for discovering which regions contain signals of interest . manually annotating whole - brain , terabyte clarity images is difficult , time - consuming , subjective , and error - prone . automatically registering clarity images to a pre - annotated brain atl ←
→ machine learning in proof general : interfacing interfaces ; we present ml4pg - a machine learning extension for proof general . it allows users to gather proof statistics related to shapes of goals , sequences of applied tactics , and proof tree structures from the libraries of interactive higher - order proofs written in coq and ssreflect . the gathered data is clustered using the state - of - the - art machine learning algorithms available in matlab and weka . ml4pg provides automated interfacing between proof general ←
→ fixed - parameter complexity of semantics for logic programs ; a decision problem is called parameterized if its input is a pair of strings . one of these strings is referred to as a parameter . the problem : given a propositional logic program p and a non - negative integer k , decide whether p has a stable model of size no more than k , is an example of a parameterized decision problem with k serving as a parameter . parameterized problems that are np - complete often become solvable in polynomial time if the paramet ←
→ multi - stage multi - task feature learning ; multi - task sparse feature learning aims to improve the generalization performance by exploiting the shared features among tasks . it has been successfully applied to many applications including computer vision and biomedical informatics . most of the existing multi - task sparse feature learning algorithms are formulated as a convex sparse regularization problem , which is usually suboptimal , due to its looseness for approximating an $\ ell_0 $- type regularizer . in this pa ←
→ mean actor critic ; we propose a new algorithm , mean actor - critic ( mac ), for discrete - action continuous - state reinforcement learning . mac is a policy gradient algorithm that uses the agent ' s explicit representation of all action values to estimate the gradient of the policy , rather than using only the actions that were actually executed . this significantly reduces variance in the gradient updates and removes the need for a variance reduction baseline . we show empirical results on two control domains where m ←
→ cnn - based segmentation of medical imaging data ; convolutional neural networks have been applied to a wide variety of computer vision tasks . recent advances in semantic segmentation have enabled their application to medical image segmentation . while most cnns use two - dimensional kernels , recent cnn - based publications on medical image segmentation featured three - dimensional kernels , allowing full access to the three - dimensional structure of medical images . though closely related to semantic segmentation , med ←
→ egocentric pose recognition in four lines of code ; we tackle the problem of estimating the 3d pose of an individual ' s upper limbs ( arms + hands ) from a chest mounted depth - camera . importantly , we consider pose estimation during everyday interactions with objects . past work shows that strong pose + viewpoint priors and depth - based features are crucial for robust performance . in egocentric views , hands and arms are observable within a well defined volume in front of the camera . we call this volume an egocentric ←
→ worst - case optimal submodular extensions for marginal estimation ; submodular extensions of an energy function can be used to efficiently compute approximate marginals via variational inference . the accuracy of the marginals depends crucially on the quality of the submodular extension . to identify the best possible extension , we show an equivalence between the submodular extensions of the energy and the objective functions of linear programming ( lp ) relaxations for the corresponding map estimation problem . ←
→ monocular slam supported object recognition ; in this work , we develop a monocular slam - aware object recognition system that is able to achieve considerably stronger recognition performance , as compared to classical object recognition systems that function on a frame - by - frame basis . by incorporating several key ideas including multi - view object proposals and efficient feature encoding methods , our proposed system is able to detect and robustly recognize objects in its environment using a single rgb camera i ←
→ effective multi - step temporal - difference learning for non - linear function approximation ; multi - step temporal - difference ( td ) learning , where the update targets contain information from multiple time steps ahead , is one of the most popular forms of td learning for linear function approximation . the reason is that multi - step methods often yield substantially better performance than their single - step counter - parts , due to a lower bias of the update targets . for non - linear function approximation , however , si ←
→ learning a task - specific deep architecture for clustering ; while sparse coding - based clustering methods have shown to be successful , their bottlenecks in both efficiency and scalability limit the practical usage . in recent years , deep learning has been proved to be a highly effective , efficient and scalable feature learning tool . in this paper , we propose to emulate the sparse coding - based clustering pipeline in the context of deep learning , leading to a carefully crafted deep model benefiting from both . a ←
→ density - aware single image de - raining using a multi - stream dense network ; single image rain streak removal is an extremely challenging problem due to the presence of non - uniform rain densities in images . we present a novel density - aware multi - stream densely connected convolutional neural network - based algorithm , called did - mdn , for joint rain density estimation and de - raining . the proposed method enables the network itself to automatically determine the rain - density information and then efficiently remove ←
→ hierarchical 3d fully convolutional networks for multi - organ segmentation ; recent advances in 3d fully convolutional networks ( fcn ) have made it feasible to produce dense voxel - wise predictions of full volumetric images . in this work , we show that a multi - class 3d fcn trained on manually labeled ct scans of seven abdominal structures ( artery , vein , liver , spleen , stomach , gallbladder , and pancreas ) can achieve competitive segmentation results , while avoiding the need for handcrafting features or training ←
→ a generative adversarial framework for positive - unlabeled classification ; in this work , we consider the task of classifying the binary positive - unlabeled ( pu ) data . the existing discriminative learning based pu models attempt to seek an optimal re - weighting strategy for u data , so that a decent decision boundary can be found . in contrast , we provide a totally new paradigm to attack the binary pu task , from perspective of generative learning by leveraging the powerful generative adversarial networks ( gans ).←
→ large pose 3d face reconstruction from a single image via direct volumetric cnn regression ; 3d face reconstruction is a fundamental computer vision problem of extraordinary difficulty . current systems often assume the availability of multiple facial images ( sometimes from the same subject ) as input , and must address a number of methodological challenges such as establishing dense correspondences across large facial poses , expressions , and non - uniform illumination . in general these methods require complex ←
→ kernel cross - correlator ; cross - correlator plays a significant role in many visual perception tasks , such as object detection and tracking . beyond the linear cross - correlator , this paper proposes a kernel cross - correlator ( kcc ) that breaks traditional limitations . first , by introducing the kernel trick , the kcc extends the linear cross - correlation to non - linear space , which is more robust to signal noises and distortions . second , the connection to the existing works shows that kcc provides a unified solutio ←
→ kernel density feature points estimator for content - based image retrieval ; research is taking place to find effective algorithms for content - based image representation and description . there is a substantial amount of algorithms available that use visual features ( color , shape , texture ). shape feature has attracted much attention from researchers that there are many shape representation and description algorithms in literature . these shape image representation and description algorithms are usually not a ←
→ evidential reasoning in image understanding ; in this paper , we present some results of evidential reasoning in understanding multispectral images of remote sensing systems . the dempster - shafer approach of combination of evidences is pursued to yield contextual classification results , which are compared with previous results of the bayesian context free classification , contextual classifications of dynamic programming and stochastic relaxation approaches .←
→ opengm : a c ++ library for discrete graphical models ; opengm is a c ++ template library for defining discrete graphical models and performing inference on these models , using a wide range of state - of - the - art algorithms . no restrictions are imposed on the factor graph to allow for higher - order factors and arbitrary neighborhood structures . large models with repetitive structure are handled efficiently because ( i ) functions that occur repeatedly need to be stored only once , and ( ii ) distinct functions can be i ←
→ toward computation and memory efficient neural network acoustic models with binary weights and activations ; neural network acoustic models have significantly advanced state of the art speech recognition over the past few years . however , they are usually computationally expensive due to the large number of matrix - vector multiplications and nonlinearity operations . neural network models also require significant amounts of memory for inference because of the large model size . for these two reasons , it is ch ←
→ semantic instance annotation of street scenes by 3d to 2d label transfer ; semantic annotations are vital for training models for object recognition , semantic segmentation or scene understanding . unfortunately , pixelwise annotation of images at very large scale is labor - intensive and only little labeled data is available , particularly at instance level and for street scenes . in this paper , we propose to tackle this problem by lifting the semantic instance labeling task from 2d into 3d . given reconstructions ←
→ action branching architectures for deep reinforcement learning ; discrete - action algorithms have been central to numerous recent successes of deep reinforcement learning . however , applying these algorithms to high - dimensional action tasks requires tackling the combinatorial increase of the number of possible actions with the number of action dimensions . this problem is further exacerbated for continuous - action tasks that require fine control of actions via discretization . in this paper , we propose a novel n ←
→ a theoretical study of y structures for causal discovery ; there are several existing algorithms that under appropriate assumptions can reliably identify a subset of the underlying causal relationships from observational data . this paper introduces the first computationally feasible score - based algorithm that can reliably identify causal relationships in the large sample limit for discrete models , while allowing for the possibility that there are unobserved common causes . in doing so , the algorithm does not ←
→ wavelet - based scale saliency ; both pixel - based scale saliency ( pss ) and basis project methods focus on multiscale analysis of data content and structure . their theoretical relations and practical combination are previously discussed . however , no models have ever been proposed for calculating scale saliency on basis - projected descriptors since then . this paper extend those ideas into mathematical models and implement them in the wavelet - based scale saliency ( wss ). while pss uses pixel - value descriptors , wss ←
→ kernel sparse subspace clustering on symmetric positive definite manifolds ; sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ), as one of the most successful subspace clustering methods , has achieved notable clustering accuracy in computer vision tasks . however , ssc applies only to vector data in euclidean space . as such , there is still no satisfactory approach to solve subspace clustering by ${\ it self - expressive }$ principle for symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrices which is very useful in computer vision . in this p ←
→ local translation prediction with global sentence representation ; statistical machine translation models have made great progress in improving the translation quality . however , the existing models predict the target translation with only the source - and target - side local context information . in practice , distinguishing good translations from bad ones does not only depend on the local features , but also rely on the global sentence - level information . in this paper , we explore the source - side global sentence -←
→ automatic instrument segmentation in robot - assisted surgery using deep learning ; semantic segmentation of robotic instruments is an important problem for the robot - assisted surgery . one of the main challenges is to correctly detect an instrument ' s position for the tracking and pose estimation in the vicinity of surgical scenes . accurate pixel - wise instrument segmentation is needed to address this challenge . in this paper we describe our winning solution for miccai 2017 endoscopic vision subchallenge : rob ←
→ pilgrims face recognition dataset -- hufrd ; in this work , we define a new pilgrims face recognition dataset , called hufrd dataset . the new developed dataset presents various pilgrims ' images taken from outside the holy masjid el - harram in makkah during the 2011 - 2012 hajj and umrah seasons . such dataset will be used to test our developed facial recognition and detection algorithms , as well as assess in the missing and found recognition system \ cite { crowdsensing }.←
→ can artificial neural networks be applied in seismic predicition ? preliminary analysis applying radial topology . case : mexico ; tectonic earthquakes of high magnitude can cause considerable losses in terms of human lives , economic and infrastructure , among others . according to an evaluation published by the u . s . geological survey , 30 is the number of earthquakes which have greatly impacted mexico from the end of the xix century to this one . based upon data from the national seismological service , on the p ←
→ dynamic teaching in sequential decision making environments ; we describe theoretical bounds and a practical algorithm for teaching a model by demonstration in a sequential decision making environment . unlike previous efforts that have optimized learners that watch a teacher demonstrate a static policy , we focus on the teacher as a decision maker who can dynamically choose different policies to teach different parts of the environment . we develop several teaching frameworks based on previously defined super ←
→ tangent bundle manifold learning via grassmann & stiefel eigenmaps ; one of the ultimate goals of manifold learning ( ml ) is to reconstruct an unknown nonlinear low - dimensional manifold embedded in a high - dimensional observation space by a given set of data points from the manifold . we derive a local lower bound for the maximum reconstruction error in a small neighborhood of an arbitrary point . the lower bound is defined in terms of the distance between tangent spaces to the original manifold and the estimated ←
→ particle swarm optimized power consumption of trilateration ; trilateration - based localization ( tbl ) has become a corner stone of modern technology . this study formulates the concern on how wireless sensor networks can take advantage of the computational intelligent techniques using both single - and multi - objective particle swarm optimization ( pso ) with an overall aim of concurrently minimizing the required time for localization , minimizing energy consumed during localization , and maximizing the number of n ←
→ temporal expressions in japanese - to - english machine translation ; this paper describes in outline a method for translating japanese temporal expressions into english . we argue that temporal expressions form a special subset of language that is best handled as a special module in machine translation . the paper deals with problems of lexical idiosyncrasy as well as the choice of articles and prepositions within temporal expressions . in addition temporal expressions are considered as parts of larger structures ←
→ confidence through attention ; attention distributions of the generated translations are a useful bi - product of attention - based recurrent neural network translation models and can be treated as soft alignments between the input and output tokens . in this work , we use attention distributions as a confidence metric for output translations . we present two strategies of using the attention distributions : filtering out bad translations from a large back - translated corpus , and selecting the best translation in a ←
→ improving multiple object tracking with optical flow and edge preprocessing ; in this paper , we present a new method for detecting road users in an urban environment which leads to an improvement in multiple object tracking . our method takes as an input a foreground image and improves the object detection and segmentation . this new image can be used as an input to trackers that use foreground blobs from background subtraction . the first step is to create foreground images for all the frames in an urban vi ←
→ tuned and gpu - accelerated parallel data mining from comparable corpora ; the multilingual nature of the world makes translation a crucial requirement today . parallel dictionaries constructed by humans are a widely - available resource , but they are limited and do not provide enough coverage for good quality translation purposes , due to out - of - vocabulary words and neologisms . this motivates the use of statistical translation systems , which are unfortunately dependent on the quantity and quality of training dat ←
→ sequence transduction with recurrent neural networks ; many machine learning tasks can be expressed as the transformation --- or \ emph { transduction }--- of input sequences into output sequences : speech recognition , machine translation , protein secondary structure prediction and text - to - speech to name but a few . one of the key challenges in sequence transduction is learning to represent both the input and output sequences in a way that is invariant to sequential distortions such as shrinking , stretching and tran ←
→ maximum uncertainty procedures for interval - valued probability distributions ; measures of uncertainty and divergence are introduced for interval - valued probability distributions and are shown to have desirable mathematical properties . a maximum uncertainty inference procedure for marginal interval distributions is presented . a technique for reconstruction of interval distributions from projections is developed based on this inference procedure ←
→ recurrent deep stacking networks for speech recognition ; this paper presented our work on applying recurrent deep stacking networks ( rdsns ) to robust automatic speech recognition ( asr ) tasks . in the paper , we also proposed a more efficient yet comparable substitute to rdsn , bi - pass stacking network ( bpsn ). the main idea of these two models is to add phoneme - level information into acoustic models , transforming an acoustic model to the combination of an acoustic model and a phoneme - level n - gram model . exper ←
→ masquer hunter : adversarial occlusion - aware face detection ; occluded face detection is a challenging detection task due to the large appearance variations incurred by various real - world occlusions . this paper introduces an adversarial occlusion - aware face detector ( aofd ) by simultaneously detecting occluded faces and segmenting occluded areas . specifically , we employ an adversarial training strategy to generate occlusion - like face features that are difficult for a face detector to recognize . occlusion mask ←
→ the role of robust semantic analysis in spoken language dialogue systems ; in this paper we summarized a framework for designing grammar - based procedure for the automatic extraction of the semantic content from spoken queries . starting with a case study and following an approach which combines the notions of fuzziness and robustness in sentence parsing , we showed we built practical domain - dependent rules which can be applied whenever it is possible to superimpose a sentence - level semantic structure to a tex ←
→ proceedings of the 8th international workshop on non - monotonic reasoning , nmr ' 2000 ; the papers gathered in this collection were presented at the 8th international workshop on nonmonotonic reasoning , nmr2000 . the series was started by john mccarthy in 1978 . the first international nmr workshop was held at mohonk mountain house , new paltz , new york in june , 1984 , and was organized by ray reiter and bonnie webber . in the last 10 years the area of nonmonotonic reasoning has seen a number of important devel ←
→ tensor - train recurrent neural networks for video classification ; the recurrent neural networks and their variants have shown promising performances in sequence modeling tasks such as natural language processing . these models , however , turn out to be impractical and difficult to train when exposed to very high - dimensional inputs due to the large input - to - hidden weight matrix . this may have prevented rnns ' large - scale application in tasks that involve very high input dimensions such as video modeling ; curren ←
→ a general framework for content - enhanced network representation learning ; this paper investigates the problem of network embedding , which aims at learning low - dimensional vector representation of nodes in networks . most existing network embedding methods rely solely on the network structure , i . e ., the linkage relationships between nodes , but ignore the rich content information associated with it , which is common in real world networks and beneficial to describing the characteristics of a node . in this pape ←
→ structural query - by - committee ; in this work , we describe a framework that unifies many different interactive learning tasks . we present a generalization of the {\ it query - by - committee } active learning algorithm for this setting , and we study its consistency and rate of convergence , both theoretically and empirically , with and without noise .←
→ constructing a non - negative low rank and sparse graph with data - adaptive features ; this paper aims at constructing a good graph for discovering intrinsic data structures in a semi - supervised learning setting . firstly , we propose to build a non - negative low - rank and sparse ( referred to as nnlrs ) graph for the given data representation . specifically , the weights of edges in the graph are obtained by seeking a nonnegative low - rank and sparse matrix that represents each data sample as a linear combination of ←
→ multibiometrics belief fusion ; this paper proposes a multimodal biometric system through gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) for face and ear biometrics with belief fusion of the estimated scores characterized by gabor responses and the proposed fusion is accomplished by dempster - shafer ( ds ) decision theory . face and ear images are convolved with gabor wavelet filters to extracts spatially enhanced gabor facial features and gabor ear features . further , gmm is applied to the high - dimensional gabor face and gabor e ←
→ deeper insights into graph convolutional networks for semi - supervised learning ; many interesting problems in machine learning are being revisited with new deep learning tools . for graph - based semisupervised learning , a recent important development is graph convolutional networks ( gcns ), which nicely integrate local vertex features and graph topology in the convolutional layers . although the gcn model compares favorably with other state - of - the - art methods , its mechanisms are not clear and it still require ←
→ a hebbian / anti - hebbian network derived from online non - negative matrix factorization can cluster and discover sparse features ; despite our extensive knowledge of biophysical properties of neurons , there is no commonly accepted algorithmic theory of neuronal function . here we explore the hypothesis that single - layer neuronal networks perform online symmetric nonnegative matrix factorization ( snmf ) of the similarity matrix of the streamed data . by starting with the snmf cost function we derive an online al ←
→ drug - drug interaction extraction via recurrent neural network with multiple attention layers ; drug - drug interaction ( ddi ) is a vital information when physicians and pharmacists intend to co - administer two or more drugs . thus , several ddi databases are constructed to avoid mistakenly combined use . in recent years , automatically extracting ddis from biomedical text has drawn researchers ' attention . however , the existing work utilize either complex feature engineering or nlp tools , both of which are insuffi ←
→ stable model counting and its application in probabilistic logic programming ; model counting is the problem of computing the number of models that satisfy a given propositional theory . it has recently been applied to solving inference tasks in probabilistic logic programming , where the goal is to compute the probability of given queries being true provided a set of mutually independent random variables , a model ( a logic program ) and some evidence . the core of solving this inference task involves translat ←
→ decentralized control of cooperative systems : categorization and complexity analysis ; decentralized control of cooperative systems captures the operation of a group of decision makers that share a single global objective . the difficulty in solving optimally such problems arises when the agents lack full observability of the global state of the system when they operate . the general problem has been shown to be nexp - complete . in this paper , we identify classes of decentralized control problems whose comple ←
→ multiscale edge detection and parametric shape modeling for boundary delineation in optoacoustic images ; in this article , we present a novel scheme for segmenting the image boundary ( with the background ) in optoacoustic small animal in vivo imaging systems . the method utilizes a multiscale edge detection algorithm to generate a binary edge map . a scale dependent morphological operation is employed to clean spurious edges . thereafter , an ellipse is fitted to the edge map through constrained parametric tra ←
→ relating cascaded random forests to deep convolutional neural networks for semantic segmentation ; we consider the task of pixel - wise semantic segmentation given a small set of labeled training images . among two of the most popular techniques to address this task are random forests ( rf ) and neural networks ( nn ). the main contribution of this work is to explore the relationship between two special forms of these techniques : stacked rfs and deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). we show that there exists ←
→ faith in the algorithm , part 1 : beyond the turing test ; since the turing test was first proposed by alan turing in 1950 , the primary goal of artificial intelligence has been predicated on the ability for computers to imitate human behavior . however , the majority of uses for the computer can be said to fall outside the domain of human abilities and it is exactly outside of this domain where computers have demonstrated their greatest contribution to intelligence . another goal for artificial intelligence is o ←
→ computational aspects of reordering plans ; this article studies the problem of modifying the action ordering of a plan in order to optimise the plan according to various criteria . one of these criteria is to make a plan less constrained and the other is to minimize its parallel execution time . three candidate definitions are proposed for the first of these criteria , constituting a sequence of increasing optimality guarantees . two of these are based on deordering plans , which means that ordering relations m ←
→ an evolutionary approach to drug - design using quantam binary particle swarm optimization algorithm ; the present work provides a new approach to evolve ligand structures which represent possible drug to be docked to the active site of the target protein . the structure is represented as a tree where each non - empty node represents a functional group . it is assumed that the active site configuration of the target protein is known with position of the essential residues . in this paper the interaction energy o ←
→ agglomerative clustering and collectiveness measure via exponent generating function ; the key in agglomerative clustering is to define the affinity measure between two sets . a novel agglomerative clustering method is proposed by utilizing the path integral to define the affinity measure . firstly , the path integral descriptor of an edge , a node and a set is computed by path integral and exponent generating function . then , the affinity measure between two sets is obtained by path integral descriptor of set ←
→ a concentration theorem for projections ; x in r ^ d has mean zero and finite second moments . we show that there is a precise sense in which almost all linear projections of x into r ^ d ( for d < d ) look like a scale - mixture of spherical gaussians -- specifically , a mixture of distributions n ( 0 , sigma ^ 2 i_d ) where the weight of the particular sigma component is p (| x |^ 2 = sigma ^ 2 d ). the extent of this effect depends upon the ratio of d to d , and upon a particular coefficient of eccentricity of x ' s distributi ←
→ studying satellite image quality based on the fusion techniques ; various and different methods can be used to produce high - resolution multispectral images from high - resolution panchromatic image ( pan ) and low - resolution multispectral images ( ms ), mostly on the pixel level . however , the jury is still out on the benefits of a fused image compared to its original images . there is also a lack of measures for assessing the objective quality of the spatial resolution for the fusion methods . therefore , an objecti ←
→ towards automatic learning of procedures from web instructional videos ; the potential for agents , whether embodied or software , to learn by observing other agents performing procedures involving objects and actions is rich . current research on automatic procedure learning heavily relies on action labels or video subtitles , even during the evaluation phase , which makes them infeasible in real - world scenarios . this leads to our question : can the human - consensus structure of a procedure be learned from a larg ←
→ multi - paragraph segmentation of expository text ; this paper describes texttiling , an algorithm for partitioning expository texts into coherent multi - paragraph discourse units which reflect the subtopic structure of the texts . the algorithm uses domain - independent lexical frequency and distribution information to recognize the interactions of multiple simultaneous themes . two fully - implemented versions of the algorithm are described and shown to produce segmentation that corresponds well to human judgments ←
→ optimal transport for domain adaptation ; domain adaptation from one data space ( or domain ) to another is one of the most challenging tasks of modern data analytics . if the adaptation is done correctly , models built on a specific data space become more robust when confronted to data depicting the same semantic concepts ( the classes ), but observed by another observation system with its own specificities . among the many strategies proposed to adapt a domain to another , finding a common representation has show ←
→ learning belief networks in domains with recursively embedded pseudo independent submodels ; a pseudo independent ( pi ) model is a probabilistic domain model ( pdm ) where proper subsets of a set of collectively dependent variables display marginal independence . pi models cannot be learned correctly by many algorithms that rely on a single link search . earlier work on learning pi models has suggested a straightforward multi - link search algorithm . however , when a domain contains recursively embedded pi submod ←
→ probit normal correlated topic models ; the logistic normal distribution has recently been adapted via the transformation of multivariate gaus - sian variables to model the topical distribution of documents in the presence of correlations among topics . in this paper , we propose a probit normal alternative approach to modelling correlated topical structures . our use of the probit model in the context of topic discovery is novel , as many authors have so far con - centrated solely of the logistic model partly du ←
→ sum of us : strategyproof selection from the selectors ; we consider directed graphs over a set of n agents , where an edge ( i , j ) is taken to mean that agent i supports or trusts agent j . given such a graph and an integer k \ leq n , we wish to select a subset of k agents that maximizes the sum of indegrees , i . e ., a subset of k most popular or most trusted agents . at the same time we assume that each individual agent is only interested in being selected , and may misreport its outgoing edges to this end . this pro ←
→ single view stereo matching ; previous monocular depth estimation methods take a single view and directly regress the expected results . though recent advances are made by applying geometrically inspired loss functions during training , the inference procedure does not explicitly impose any geometrical constraint . therefore these models purely rely on the quality of data and the effectiveness of learning to generalize . this either leads to suboptimal results or the demand of huge amount of expensive ground tr ←
→ gait assessment for multiple sclerosis patients using microsoft kinect ; gait analysis of patients with neurological disorders , including multiple sclerosis ( ms ), is important for rehabilitation and treatment . the mircrosoft kinect sensor , which was developed for motion recognition in gaming applications , is an ideal candidate for an inexpensive system providing the capability for human gait analysis . in this research , we develop a framework to quantify the gait abnormality of ms patients using a kinect for ←
→ learning determinantal point processes by sampling inferred negatives ; determinantal point processes ( dpps ) have attracted significant interest from the machine - learning community due to their ability to elegantly and tractably model the delicate balance between quality and diversity of sets . we consider learning dpps from data , a key task for dpps ; for this task , we introduce a novel optimization problem , contrastive estimation ( ce ), which encodes information about " negative " samples into the basic learni ←
→ hep - 2 cell image classification with deep convolutional neural networks ; efficient human epithelial - 2 ( hep - 2 ) cell image classification can facilitate the diagnosis of many autoimmune diseases . this paper presents an automatic framework for this classification task , by utilizing the deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) which have recently attracted intensive attention in visual recognition . this paper elaborates the important components of this framework , discusses multiple key factors that impact the ←
→ generating bilingual pragmatic color references ; contextual influences on language exhibit substantial language - independent regularities ; for example , we are more verbose in situations that require finer distinctions . however , these regularities are sometimes obscured by semantic and syntactic differences . using a newly - collected dataset of color reference games in mandarin chinese ( which we release to the public ), we confirm that a variety of constructions display the same sensitivity to contextual diffic ←
→ neural network learning of optimal kalman prediction and control ; although there are many neural network ( nn ) algorithms for prediction and for control , and although methods for optimal estimation ( including filtering and prediction ) and for optimal control in linear systems were provided by kalman in 1960 ( with nonlinear extensions since then ), there has been , to my knowledge , no nn algorithm that learns either kalman prediction or kalman control ( apart from the special case of stationary control ). here w ←
→ top - spin : topic discovery via sparse principal component interference ; we propose a novel topic discovery algorithm for unlabeled images based on the bag - of - words ( bow ) framework . we first extract a dictionary of visual words and subsequently for each image compute a visual word occurrence histogram . we view these histograms as rows of a large matrix from which we extract sparse principal components ( pcs ). each pc identifies a sparse combination of visual words which co - occur frequently in some images but ←
→ sparse estimation using bayesian hierarchical prior modeling for real and complex linear models ; in sparse bayesian learning ( sbl ), gaussian scale mixtures ( gsms ) have been used to model sparsity - inducing priors that realize a class of concave penalty functions for the regression task in real - valued signal models . motivated by the relative scarcity of formal tools for sbl in complex - valued models , this paper proposes a gsm model - the bessel k model - that induces concave penalty functions for the estima ←
→ node2vec : scalable feature learning for networks ; prediction tasks over nodes and edges in networks require careful effort in engineering features used by learning algorithms . recent research in the broader field of representation learning has led to significant progress in automating prediction by learning the features themselves . however , present feature learning approaches are not expressive enough to capture the diversity of connectivity patterns observed in networks . here we propose node2vec , an algor ←
→ learning dynamic hierarchical models for anytime scene labeling ; with increasing demand for efficient image and video analysis , test - time cost of scene parsing becomes critical for many large - scale or time - sensitive vision applications . we propose a dynamic hierarchical model for anytime scene labeling that allows us to achieve flexible trade - offs between efficiency and accuracy in pixel - level prediction . in particular , our approach incorporates the cost of feature computation and model inference , and opti ←
→ ultrahigh dimensional variable selection : beyond the linear model ; variable selection in high - dimensional space characterizes many contemporary problems in scientific discovery and decision making . many frequently - used techniques are based on independence screening ; examples include correlation ranking ( fan and lv , 2008 ) or feature selection using a two - sample t - test in high - dimensional classification ( tibshirani et al ., 2003 ). within the context of the linear model , fan and lv ( 2008 ) showed that this simpl ←
→ deep neural network approximation using tensor sketching ; deep neural networks are powerful learning models that achieve state - of - the - art performance on many computer vision , speech , and language processing tasks . in this paper , we study a fundamental question that arises when designing deep network architectures : given a target network architecture can we design a smaller network architecture that approximates the operation of the target network ? the question is , in part , motivated by the challenge of par ←
→ adaptive sampling for coarse ranking ; we consider the problem of active coarse ranking , where the goal is to sort items according to their means into clusters of pre - specified sizes , by adaptively sampling from their reward distributions . this setting is useful in many social science applications involving human raters and the approximate rank of every item is desired . approximate or coarse ranking can significantly reduce the number of ratings required in comparison to the number needed to find an exact r ←
→ high quality image interpolation via local autoregressive and nonlocal 3 - d sparse regularization ; in this paper , we propose a novel image interpolation algorithm , which is formulated via combining both the local autoregressive ( ar ) model and the nonlocal adaptive 3 - d sparse model as regularized constraints under the regularization framework . estimating the high - resolution image by the local ar regularization is different from these conventional ar models , which weighted calculates the interpolation coeff ←
→ inducing regular grammars using recurrent neural networks ; grammar induction is the task of learning a grammar from a set of examples . recently , neural networks have been shown to be powerful learning machines that can identify patterns in streams of data . in this work we investigate their effectiveness in inducing a regular grammar from data , without any assumptions about the grammar . we train a recurrent neural network to distinguish between strings that are in or outside a regular language , and utilize ←
→ graphrnn : a deep generative model for graphs ; modeling and generating graphs is fundamental for studying networks in biology , engineering , and social sciences . however , modeling complex distributions over graphs and then efficiently sampling from these distributions is challenging due to the non - unique , high - dimensional nature of graphs and the complex , non - local dependencies that exist between edges in a given graph . here we propose graphrnn , a deep autoregressive model that addresses the above challenges ←
→ sparse multi - output gaussian processes for medical time series prediction ; in real - time monitoring of hospital patients , high - quality inference of patients ' health status using all information available from clinical covariates and lab tests are essential to enable successful medical interventions and improve patient outcomes . in this work , we develop and explore a bayesian nonparametric model based on gaussian process ( gp ) regression for hospital patient monitoring . our method , medgp , incorporates 24 cl ←
→ the embedding dimension of laplacian eigenfunction maps ; any closed , connected riemannian manifold $ m $ can be smoothly embedded by its laplacian eigenfunction maps into $\ mathbb { r }^ m $ for some $ m $. we call the smallest such $ m $ the maximal embedding dimension of $ m $. we show that the maximal embedding dimension of $ m $ is bounded from above by a constant depending only on the dimension of $ m $, a lower bound for injectivity radius , a lower bound for ricci curvature , and a volume bound . we interpret this resu ←
→ quantum perceptron models ; we demonstrate how quantum computation can provide non - trivial improvements in the computational and statistical complexity of the perceptron model . we develop two quantum algorithms for perceptron learning . the first algorithm exploits quantum information processing to determine a separating hyperplane using a number of steps sublinear in the number of data points $ n $, namely $ o (\ sqrt { n })$. the second algorithm illustrates how the classical mistake bound of $ o (\ frac { 1 }{\ gamma ^ 2 }←
→ multiview deep learning for predicting twitter users ' location ; the problem of predicting the location of users on large social networks like twitter has emerged from real - life applications such as social unrest detection and online marketing . twitter user geolocation is a difficult and active research topic with a vast literature . most of the proposed methods follow either a content - based or a network - based approach . the former exploits user - generated content while the latter utilizes the connection or in ←
→ global and local structure preserving sparse subspace learning : an iterative approach to unsupervised feature selection ; as we aim at alleviating the curse of high - dimensionality , subspace learning is becoming more popular . existing approaches use either information about global or local structure of the data , and few studies simultaneously focus on global and local structures as the both of them contain important information . in this paper , we propose a global and local structure preserving sparse subsp ←
→ ezhil : a tamil programming language ; ezhil is a tamil language based interpreted procedural programming language . tamil keywords and grammar are chosen to make the native tamil speaker write programs in the ezhil system . ezhil allows easy representation of computer program closer to the tamil language logical constructs equivalent to the conditional , branch and loop statements in modern english based programming languages . ezhil is a compact programming language aimed towards tamil speaking novice computer ←
→ the nltk framenet api : designing for discoverability with a rich linguistic resource ; a new python api , integrated within the nltk suite , offers access to the framenet 1 . 7 lexical database . the lexicon ( structured in terms of frames ) as well as annotated sentences can be processed programatically , or browsed with human - readable displays via the interactive python prompt .←
→ deep narrow boltzmann machines are universal approximators ; we show that deep narrow boltzmann machines are universal approximators of probability distributions on the activities of their visible units , provided they have sufficiently many hidden layers , each containing the same number of units as the visible layer . we show that , within certain parameter domains , deep boltzmann machines can be studied as feedforward networks . we provide upper and lower bounds on the sufficient depth and width of universal ←
→ a latent - variable lattice model ; markov random field ( mrf ) learning is intractable , and its approximation algorithms are computationally expensive . we target a small subset of mrf that is used frequently in computer vision . we characterize this subset with three concepts : lattice , homogeneity , and inertia ; and design a non - markov model as an alternative . our goal is robust learning from small datasets . our learning algorithm uses vector quantization and , at time complexity o ( u log u ) for a dataset of u pix ←
→ unified spectral clustering with optimal graph ; spectral clustering has found extensive use in many areas . most traditional spectral clustering algorithms work in three separate steps : similarity graph construction ; continuous labels learning ; discretizing the learned labels by k - means clustering . such common practice has two potential flaws , which may lead to severe information loss and performance degradation . first , predefined similarity graph might not be optimal for subsequent clustering . it is well - a ←
→ artificial neural networks in calibration of nonlinear mechanical models ; rapid development in numerical modelling of materials and the complexity of new models increases quickly together with their computational demands . despite the growing performance of modern computers and clusters , calibration of such models from noisy experimental data remains a nontrivial and often computationally exhaustive task . the layered neural networks thus represent a robust and efficient technique to overcome the time - consum ←
→ automatic spatially - aware fashion concept discovery ; this paper proposes an automatic spatially - aware concept discovery approach using weakly labeled image - text data from shopping websites . we first fine - tune googlenet by jointly modeling clothing images and their corresponding descriptions in a visual - semantic embedding space . then , for each attribute ( word ), we generate its spatially - aware representation by combining its semantic word vector representation with its spatial representation derived from the ←
→ kernel - based adaptive online reconstruction of coverage maps with side information ; in this paper , we address the problem of reconstructing coverage maps from path - loss measurements in cellular networks . we propose and evaluate two kernel - based adaptive online algorithms as an alternative to typical offline methods . the proposed algorithms are application - tailored extensions of powerful iterative methods such as the adaptive projected subgradient method and a state - of - the - art adaptive multikernel method .←
→ a shallow high - order parametric approach to data visualization and compression ; explicit high - order feature interactions efficiently capture essential structural knowledge about the data of interest and have been used for constructing generative models . we present a supervised discriminative high - order parametric embedding ( hope ) approach to data visualization and compression . compared to deep embedding models with complicated deep architectures , hope generates more effective high - order feature mapping t ←
→ learning from noisy labels with distillation ; the ability of learning from noisy labels is very useful in many visual recognition tasks , as a vast amount of data with noisy labels are relatively easy to obtain . traditionally , the label noises have been treated as statistical outliers , and approaches such as importance re - weighting and bootstrap have been proposed to alleviate the problem . according to our observation , the real - world noisy labels exhibit multi - mode characteristics as the true labels , rather ←
→ optimization beyond prediction : prescriptive price optimization ; this paper addresses a novel data science problem , prescriptive price optimization , which derives the optimal price strategy to maximize future profit / revenue on the basis of massive predictive formulas produced by machine learning . the prescriptive price optimization first builds sales forecast formulas of multiple products , on the basis of historical data , which reveal complex relationships between sales and prices , such as price elasticity ←
→ learning rich features from rgb - d images for object detection and segmentation ; in this paper we study the problem of object detection for rgb - d images using semantically rich image and depth features . we propose a new geocentric embedding for depth images that encodes height above ground and angle with gravity for each pixel in addition to the horizontal disparity . we demonstrate that this geocentric embedding works better than using raw depth images for learning feature representations with convolution ←
→ large margin semi - supervised structured output learning ; in structured output learning , obtaining labelled data for real - world applications is usually costly , while unlabelled examples are available in abundance . semi - supervised structured classification has been developed to handle large amounts of unlabelled structured data . in this work , we consider semi - supervised structural svms with domain constraints . the optimization problem , which in general is not convex , contains the loss terms associated with t ←
→ opinion mining for relating subjective expressions and annual earnings in us financial statements ; financial statements contain quantitative information and manager ' s subjective evaluation of firm ' s financial status . using information released in u . s . 10 - k filings . both qualitative and quantitative appraisals are crucial for quality financial decisions . to extract such opinioned statements from the reports , we built tagging models based on the conditional random field ( crf ) techniques , considering a vari ←
→ fractal dimension analysis for automatic morphological galaxy classification ; in this report we present experimental results using \ emph { haussdorf - besicovich } fractal dimension for performing morphological galaxy classification . the fractal dimension is a topological , structural and spatial property that give us information about the space were an object lives . we have calculated the fractal dimension value of the main types of galaxies : ellipticals , spirals and irregulars ; and we use it as a feature for ←
→ building morphological chains for agglutinative languages ; in this paper , we build morphological chains for agglutinative languages by using a log - linear model for the morphological segmentation task . the model is based on the unsupervised morphological segmentation system called morphochains . we extend morphochains log linear model by expanding the candidate space recursively to cover more split points for agglutinative languages such as turkish , whereas in the original model candidates are generated by c ←
→ the multiscale bowler - hat transform for vessel enhancement in 3d biomedical images ; enhancement and detection of 3d vessel - like structures has long been an open problem as most existing image processing methods fail in many aspects , including a lack of uniform enhancement between vessels of different radii and a lack of enhancement at the junctions . here , we propose a method based on mathematical morphology to enhance 3d vessel - like structures in biomedical images . the proposed method , 3d bowler - hat tr ←
→ learning unbiased features ; a key element in transfer learning is representation learning ; if representations can be developed that expose the relevant factors underlying the data , then new tasks and domains can be learned readily based on mappings of these salient factors . we propose that an important aim for these representations are to be unbiased . different forms of representation learning can be derived from alternative definitions of unwanted bias , e . g ., bias to particular tasks , domains , or irreleva ←
→ simple connectome inference from partial correlation statistics in calcium imaging ; in this work , we propose a simple yet effective solution to the problem of connectome inference in calcium imaging data . the proposed algorithm consists of two steps . first , processing the raw signals to detect neural peak activities . second , inferring the degree of association between neurons from partial correlation statistics . this paper summarises the methodology that led us to win the connectomics challenge , proposes ←
→ permutation models for collaborative ranking ; we study the problem of collaborative filtering where ranking information is available . focusing on the core of the collaborative ranking process , the user and their community , we propose new models for representation of the underlying permutations and prediction of ranks . the first approach is based on the assumption that the user makes successive choice of items in a stage - wise manner . in particular , we extend the plackett - luce model in two ways - introducing ←
→ sampling strategies for mining in data - scarce domains ; data mining has traditionally focused on the task of drawing inferences from large datasets . however , many scientific and engineering domains , such as fluid dynamics and aircraft design , are characterized by scarce data , due to the expense and complexity of associated experiments and simulations . in such data - scarce domains , it is advantageous to focus the data collection effort on only those regions deemed most important to support a particular data m ←
→ a genetic algorithm for structure - activity relationships : software implementation ; the design and the implementation of a genetic algorithm are described . the applicability domain is on structure - activity relationships expressed as multiple linear regressions and predictor variables are from families of structure - based molecular descriptors . an experiment to compare different selection and survival strategies was designed and realized . the genetic algorithm was run using the designed experiment on a set ←
→ when image denoising meets high - level vision tasks : a deep learning approach ; conventionally , image denoising and high - level vision tasks are handled separately in computer vision , and their connection is fragile . in this paper , we cope with the two jointly and explore the mutual influence between them with the focus on two questions , namely ( 1 ) how image denoising can help solving high - level vision problems , and ( 2 ) how the semantic information from high - level vision tasks can be used to guide image den ←
→ dynamic non - bayesian decision making ; the model of a non - bayesian agent who faces a repeated game with incomplete information against nature is an appropriate tool for modeling general agent - environment interactions . in such a model the environment state ( controlled by nature ) may change arbitrarily , and the feedback / reward function is initially unknown . the agent is not bayesian , that is he does not form a prior probability neither on the state selection strategy of nature , nor on his reward function . a p ←
→ inverse density as an inverse problem : the fredholm equation approach ; in this paper we address the problem of estimating the ratio $\ frac { q }{ p }$ where $ p $ is a density function and $ q $ is another density , or , more generally an arbitrary function . knowing or approximating this ratio is needed in various problems of inference and integration , in particular , when one needs to average a function with respect to one probability distribution , given a sample from another . it is often referred as {\ it importance ←
→ bayesian modeling of motion perception using dynamical stochastic textures ; a common practice to account for psychophysical biases in vision is to frame them as consequences of a dynamic process relying on optimal inference with respect to a generative model . the present study details the complete formulation of such a generative model intended to probe visual motion perception . it is first derived in a set of axiomatic steps constrained by biological plausibility . we then extend previous contributions b ←
→ upset and angri : breaking high performance image classifiers ; in this paper , targeted fooling of high performance image classifiers is achieved by developing two novel attack methods . the first method generates universal perturbations for target classes and the second generates image specific perturbations . extensive experiments are conducted on mnist and cifar10 datasets to provide insights about the proposed algorithms and show their effectiveness .←
→ deep residual text detection network for scene text ; scene text detection is a challenging problem in computer vision . in this paper , we propose a novel text detection network based on prevalent object detection frameworks . in order to obtain stronger semantic feature , we adopt resnet as feature extraction layers and exploit multi - level feature by combining hierarchical convolutional networks . a vertical proposal mechanism is utilized to avoid proposal classification , while regression layer remains working ←
→ impact of coreference resolution on slot filling ; in this paper , we demonstrate the importance of coreference resolution for natural language processing on the example of the tac slot filling shared task . we illustrate the strengths and weaknesses of automatic coreference resolution systems and provide experimental results to show that they improve performance in the slot filling end - to - end setting . finally , we publish kbpchains , a resource containing automatically extracted coreference chains from the tac ←
→ xnmr : a tool for knowledge bases exploration ; xnmr is a system designed to explore the results of combining the well - founded semantics system xsb with the stable - models evaluator smodels . its main goal is to work as a tool for fast and interactive exploration of knowledge bases .←
→ flipout : efficient pseudo - independent weight perturbations on mini - batches ; stochastic neural net weights are used in a variety of contexts , including regularization , bayesian neural nets , exploration in reinforcement learning , and evolution strategies . unfortunately , due to the large number of weights , all the examples in a mini - batch typically share the same weight perturbation , thereby limiting the variance reduction effect of large mini - batches . we introduce flipout , an efficient method for decorrela ←
→ integration of visual inter - word constraints and linguistic knowledge in degraded text recognition ; degraded text recognition is a difficult task . given a noisy text image , a word recognizer can be applied to generate several candidates for each word image . high - level knowledge sources can then be used to select a decision from the candidate set for each word image . in this paper , we propose that visual inter - word constraints can be used to facilitate candidate selection . visual inter - word constraints pr ←
→ on the high - dimensional power of linear - time kernel two - sample testing under mean - difference alternatives ; nonparametric two sample testing deals with the question of consistently deciding if two distributions are different , given samples from both , without making any parametric assumptions about the form of the distributions . the current literature is split into two kinds of tests - those which are consistent without any assumptions about how the distributions may differ (\ textit { general } alternatives ),←
→ crowdsourcing control : moving beyond multiple choice ; to ensure quality results from crowdsourced tasks , requesters often aggregate worker responses and use one of a plethora of strategies to infer the correct answer from the set of noisy responses . however , all current models assume prior knowledge of all possible outcomes of the task . while not an unreasonable assumption for tasks that can be posited as multiple - choice questions ( e . g . n - ary classification ), we observe that many tasks do not naturally fit ←
→ her2 challenge contest : a detailed assessment of automated her2 scoring algorithms in whole slide images of breast cancer tissues ; evaluating expression of the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ) by visual examination of immunohistochemistry ( ihc ) on invasive breast cancer ( bca ) is a key part of the diagnostic assessment of bca due to its recognised importance as a predictive and prognostic marker in clinical practice . however , visual scoring of her2 is subjective and consequently prone to in ←
→ a new algorithm based entropic threshold for edge detection in images ; edge detection is one of the most critical tasks in automatic image analysis . there exists no universal edge detection method which works well under all conditions . this paper shows the new approach based on the one of the most efficient techniques for edge detection , which is entropy - based thresholding . the main advantages of the proposed method are its robustness and its flexibility . we present experimental results for this method , an ←
→ deep predictive coding networks ; the quality of data representation in deep learning methods is directly related to the prior model imposed on the representations ; however , generally used fixed priors are not capable of adjusting to the context in the data . to address this issue , we propose deep predictive coding networks , a hierarchical generative model that empirically alters priors on the latent representations in a dynamic and context - sensitive manner . this model captures the temporal dependencies in t ←
→ doubly accelerated stochastic variance reduced dual averaging method for regularized empirical risk minimization ; in this paper , we develop a new accelerated stochastic gradient method for efficiently solving the convex regularized empirical risk minimization problem in mini - batch settings . the use of mini - batches is becoming a golden standard in the machine learning community , because mini - batch settings stabilize the gradient estimate and can easily make good use of parallel computing . the core of our ←
→ optimizing memory efficiency for deep convolutional neural networks on gpus ; leveraging large data sets , deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) achieve state - of - the - art recognition accuracy . due to the substantial compute and memory operations , however , they require significant execution time . the massive parallel computing capability of gpus make them as one of the ideal platforms to accelerate cnns and a number of gpu - based cnn libraries have been developed . while existing works mainly focus on the ←
→ neural variational inference and learning in belief networks ; highly expressive directed latent variable models , such as sigmoid belief networks , are difficult to train on large datasets because exact inference in them is intractable and none of the approximate inference methods that have been applied to them scale well . we propose a fast non - iterative approximate inference method that uses a feedforward network to implement efficient exact sampling from the variational posterior . the model and this infere ←
→ an attentive neural architecture for fine - grained entity type classification ; in this work we propose a novel attention - based neural network model for the task of fine - grained entity type classification that unlike previously proposed models recursively composes representations of entity mention contexts . our model achieves state - of - the - art performance with 74 . 94 % loose micro f1 - score on the well - established figer dataset , a relative improvement of 2 . 59 %. we also investigate the behavior of the attention ←
→ aco implementation for sequence alignment with genetic algorithms ; in this paper , we implement ant colony optimization ( aco ) for sequence alignment . aco is a meta - heuristic recently developed for nearest neighbor approximations in large , np - hard search spaces . here we use a genetic algorithm approach to evolve the best parameters for an aco designed to align two sequences . we then used the best parameters found to interpolate approximate optimal parameters for a given string length within a range . the basi ←
→ online gradient boosting ; we extend the theory of boosting for regression problems to the online learning setting . generalizing from the batch setting for boosting , the notion of a weak learning algorithm is modeled as an online learning algorithm with linear loss functions that competes with a base class of regression functions , while a strong learning algorithm is an online learning algorithm with convex loss functions that competes with a larger class of regression functions . our main result is an onlin ←
→ asynchronous parallel empirical variance guided algorithms for the thresholding bandit problem ; this paper considers the multi - armed thresholding bandit problem -- identifying all arms whose expected rewards are above a predefined threshold via as few pulls ( or rounds ) as possible -- proposed by locatelli et al . [ 2016 ] recently . although the proposed algorithm in locatelli et al . [ 2016 ] achieves the optimal round complexity in a certain sense , there still remain unsolved issues . this paper proposes an as ←
→ the good , the bad , and the odd : cycles in answer - set programs ; backdoors of answer - set programs are sets of atoms that represent clever reasoning shortcuts through the search space . assignments to backdoor atoms reduce the given program to several programs that belong to a tractable target class . previous research has considered target classes based on notions of acyclicity where various types of cycles ( good and bad cycles ) are excluded from graph representations of programs . we generalize the target clas ←
→ fast back - projection for non - line of sight reconstruction ; recent works have demonstrated non - line of sight ( nlos ) reconstruction by using the time - resolved signal frommultiply scattered light . these works combine ultrafast imaging systems with computation , which back - projects the recorded space - time signal to build a probabilistic map of the hidden geometry . unfortunately , this computation is slow , becoming a bottleneck as the imaging technology improves . in this work , we propose a new back - projection tec ←
→ data - driven forecasting of solar irradiance ; this paper describes a flexible approach to short term prediction of meteorological variables . in particular , we focus on the prediction of the solar irradiance one hour ahead , a task that has high practical value when optimizing solar energy resources . as d \' efi egc 2018 provides us with time series data for multiple sensors ( e . g . solar irradiance , temperature , hygrometry ), recorded every minute for two years and 5 geographical sites from la r \' eunion island , w ←
→ gibbs sampling for ( coupled ) infinite mixture models in the stick breaking representation ; nonparametric bayesian approaches to clustering , information retrieval , language modeling and object recognition have recently shown great promise as a new paradigm for unsupervised data analysis . most contributions have focused on the dirichlet process mixture models or extensions thereof for which efficient gibbs samplers exist . in this paper we explore gibbs samplers for infinite complexity mixture models in the ←
→ visual concepts and compositional voting ; it is very attractive to formulate vision in terms of pattern theory \ cite { mumford2010pattern }, where patterns are defined hierarchically by compositions of elementary building blocks . but applying pattern theory to real world images is currently less successful than discriminative methods such as deep networks . deep networks , however , are black - boxes which are hard to interpret and can easily be fooled by adding occluding objects . it is natural to wonder whether b ←
→ improving 6d pose estimation of objects in clutter via physics - aware monte carlo tree search ; this work proposes a process for efficiently searching over combinations of individual object 6d pose hypotheses in cluttered scenes , especially in cases involving occlusions and objects resting on each other . the initial set of candidate object poses is generated from state - of - the - art object detection and global point cloud registration techniques . the best - scored pose per object by using these techniques may n ←
→ ubernet : training a ` universal ' convolutional neural network for low -, mid -, and high - level vision using diverse datasets and limited memory ; in this work we introduce a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) that jointly handles low -, mid -, and high - level vision tasks in a unified architecture that is trained end - to - end . such a universal network can act like a ` swiss knife ' for vision tasks ; we call this architecture an ubernet to indicate its overarching nature . we address two main technical challenges t ←
→ stochastic optimization and sparse statistical recovery : an optimal algorithm for high dimensions ; we develop and analyze stochastic optimization algorithms for problems in which the expected loss is strongly convex , and the optimum is ( approximately ) sparse . previous approaches are able to exploit only one of these two structures , yielding an $\ order (\ pdim / t )$ convergence rate for strongly convex objectives in $\ pdim $ dimensions , and an $\ order (\ sqrt {(\ spindex \ log \ pdim )/ t })$ convergence rate when the ←
→ hierarchical learning of cross - language mappings through distributed vector representations for code ; translating a program written in one programming language to another can be useful for software development tasks that need functionality implementations in different languages . although past studies have considered this problem , they may be either specific to the language grammars , or specific to certain kinds of code elements ( e . g ., tokens , phrases , api uses ). this paper proposes a new approach to auto ←
→ conditions under which conditional independence and scoring methods lead to identical selection of bayesian network models ; it is often stated in papers tackling the task of inferring bayesian network structures from data that there are these two distinct approaches : ( i ) apply conditional independence tests when testing for the presence or otherwise of edges ; ( ii ) search the model space using a scoring metric . here i argue that for complete data and a given node ordering this division is a myth , by showi ←
→ understanding the energy and precision requirements for online learning ; it is well - known that the precision of data , hyperparameters , and internal representations employed in learning systems directly impacts its energy , throughput , and latency . the precision requirements for the training algorithm are also important for systems that learn on - the - fly . prior work has shown that the data and hyperparameters can be quantized heavily without incurring much penalty in classification accuracy when compared to f ←
→ robust matrix decomposition with outliers ; suppose a given observation matrix can be decomposed as the sum of a low - rank matrix and a sparse matrix ( outliers ), and the goal is to recover these individual components from the observed sum . such additive decompositions have applications in a variety of numerical problems including system identification , latent variable graphical modeling , and principal components analysis . we study conditions under which recovering such a decomposition is possible via a combi ←
→ a new recurrent neural crf for learning non - linear edge features ; conditional random field ( crf ) and recurrent neural models have achieved success in structured prediction . more recently , there is a marriage of crf and recurrent neural models , so that we can gain from both non - linear dense features and globally normalized crf objective . these recurrent neural crf models mainly focus on encode node features in crf undirected graphs . however , edge features prove important to crf in structured prediction . in ←
→ syntactically guided neural machine translation ; we investigate the use of hierarchical phrase - based smt lattices in end - to - end neural machine translation ( nmt ). weight pushing transforms the hiero scores for complete translation hypotheses , with the full translation grammar score and full n - gram language model score , into posteriors compatible with nmt predictive probabilities . with a slightly modified nmt beam - search decoder we find gains over both hiero and nmt decoding alone , with practical advantages ←
→ glad : global - local - alignment descriptor for pedestrian retrieval ; the huge variance of human pose and the misalignment of detected human images significantly increase the difficulty of person re - identification ( re - id ). moreover , efficient re - id systems are required to cope with the massive visual data being produced by video surveillance systems . targeting to solve these problems , this work proposes a global - local - alignment descriptor ( glad ) and an efficient indexing and retrieval framework , respectively . ←
→ nonparametric bayes pachinko allocation ; recent advances in topic models have explored complicated structured distributions to represent topic correlation . for example , the pachinko allocation model ( pam ) captures arbitrary , nested , and possibly sparse correlations between topics using a directed acyclic graph ( dag ). while pam provides more flexibility and greater expressive power than previous models like latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ), it is also more difficult to determine the appropriate topic struc ←
→ random walk initialization for training very deep feedforward networks ; training very deep networks is an important open problem in machine learning . one of many difficulties is that the norm of the back - propagated error gradient can grow or decay exponentially . here we show that training very deep feed - forward networks ( ffns ) is not as difficult as previously thought . unlike when back - propagation is applied to a recurrent network , application to an ffn amounts to multiplying the error gradient by a differ ←
→ normalization of non - standard words in croatian texts ; this paper presents text normalization which is an integral part of any text - to - speech synthesis system . text normalization is a set of methods with a task to write non - standard words , like numbers , dates , times , abbreviations , acronyms and the most common symbols , in their full expanded form are presented . the whole taxonomy for classification of non - standard words in croatian language together with rule - based normalization methods combined with a loo ←
→ safe screening for multi - task feature learning with multiple data matrices ; multi - task feature learning ( mtfl ) is a powerful technique in boosting the predictive performance by learning multiple related classification / regression / clustering tasks simultaneously . however , solving the mtfl problem remains challenging when the feature dimension is extremely large . in this paper , we propose a novel screening rule --- that is based on the dual projection onto convex sets ( dpc )--- to quickly identify the inactive ←
→ refining image categorization by exploiting web images and general corpus ; studies show that refining real - world categories into semantic subcategories contributes to better image modeling and classification . previous image sub - categorization work relying on labeled images and wordnet ' s hierarchy is not only labor - intensive , but also restricted to classify images into noun subcategories . to tackle these problems , in this work , we exploit general corpus information to automatically select and subsequently ←
→ consistent multitask learning with nonlinear output relations ; key to multitask learning is exploiting relationships between different tasks to improve prediction performance . if the relations are linear , regularization approaches can be used successfully . however , in practice assuming the tasks to be linearly related might be restrictive , and allowing for nonlinear structures is a challenge . in this paper , we tackle this issue by casting the problem within the framework of structured prediction . our main ←
→ on the origin of ambiguity in efficient communication ; this article studies the emergence of ambiguity in communication through the concept of logical irreversibility and within the framework of shannon ' s information theory . this leads us to a precise and general expression of the intuition behind zipf ' s vocabulary balance in terms of a symmetry equation between the complexities of the coding and the decoding processes that imposes an unavoidable amount of logical uncertainty in natural communication . acco ←
→ pr2 : a language independent unsupervised tool for personality recognition from text ; we present pr2 , a personality recognition system available online , that performs instance - based classification of big5 personality types from unstructured text , using language - independent features . it has been tested on english and italian , achieving performances up to f =. 68 .←
→ learning population and subject - specific brain connectivity networks via mixed neighborhood selection ; in neuroimaging data analysis , gaussian graphical models are often used to model statistical dependencies across spatially remote brain regions known as functional connectivity . typically , data is collected across a cohort of subjects and the scientific objectives consist of estimating population and subject - specific graphical models . a third objective that is often overlooked involves quantifying inter ←
→ nearly optimal robust subspace tracking and dynamic robust pca ; we study the robust subspace tracking ( rst ) problem and obtain one of the first provable guarantees for it . the goal of rst is to track data that lies in a slowly changing low - dimensional subspace , and the subspaces themselves , while being robust to corruption by ( often large magnitude ) sparse outliers . it can be simply interpreted as a dynamic ( time - varying ) extension of robust pca , with the minor difference that rst also requires an online a ←
→ iterative block tensor singular value thresholding for extraction of low rank component of image data ; tensor principal component analysis ( tpca ) is a multi - linear extension of principal component analysis which converts a set of correlated measurements into several principal components . in this paper , we propose a new robust tpca method to extract the princi - pal components of the multi - way data based on tensor singular value decomposition . the tensor is split into a number of blocks of the same size . t ←
→ task - specific word identification from short texts using a convolutional neural network ; task - specific word identification aims to choose the task - related words that best describe a short text . existing approaches require well - defined seed words or lexical dictionaries ( e . g ., wordnet ), which are often unavailable for many applications such as social discrimination detection and fake review detection . however , we often have a set of labeled short texts where each short text has a task - related class label ,←
→ efficient exploration with double uncertain value networks ; this paper studies directed exploration for reinforcement learning agents by tracking uncertainty about the value of each available action . we identify two sources of uncertainty that are relevant for exploration . the first originates from limited data ( parametric uncertainty ), while the second originates from the distribution of the returns ( return uncertainty ). we identify methods to learn these distributions with deep neural networks , where we ←
→ hierarchical attentive recurrent tracking ; class - agnostic object tracking is particularly difficult in cluttered environments as target specific discriminative models cannot be learned a priori . inspired by how the human visual cortex employs spatial attention and separate " where " and " what " processing pathways to actively suppress irrelevant visual features , this work develops a hierarchical attentive recurrent model for single object tracking in videos . the first layer of attention discards the majority ←
→ guaranteed sufficient decrease for variance reduced stochastic gradient descent ; in this paper , we propose a novel sufficient decrease technique for variance reduced stochastic gradient descent methods such as sag , svrg and saga . in order to make sufficient decrease for stochastic optimization , we design a new sufficient decrease criterion , which yields sufficient decrease versions of variance reduction algorithms such as svrg - sd and saga - sd as a byproduct . we introduce a coefficient to scale current ite ←
→ saliency detection via combining region - level and pixel - level predictions with cnns ; this paper proposes a novel saliency detection method by combining region - level saliency estimation and pixel - level saliency prediction with cnns ( denoted as crpsd ). for pixel - level saliency prediction , a fully convolutional neural network ( called pixel - level cnn ) is constructed by modifying the vggnet architecture to perform multi - scale feature learning , based on which an image - to - image prediction is conducted to accomp ←
→ large scale spectral clustering using approximate commute time embedding ; spectral clustering is a novel clustering method which can detect complex shapes of data clusters . however , it requires the eigen decomposition of the graph laplacian matrix , which is proportion to $ o ( n ^ 3 )$ and thus is not suitable for large scale systems . recently , many methods have been proposed to accelerate the computational time of spectral clustering . these approximate methods usually involve sampling techniques by which a lot ←
→ on the difficulty of training recurrent neural networks ; there are two widely known issues with properly training recurrent neural networks , the vanishing and the exploding gradient problems detailed in bengio et al . ( 1994 ). in this paper we attempt to improve the understanding of the underlying issues by exploring these problems from an analytical , a geometric and a dynamical systems perspective . our analysis is used to justify a simple yet effective solution . we propose a gradient norm clipping strategy ←
→ effect of incomplete meta - dataset on average ranking method ; one of the simplest metalearning methods is the average ranking method . this method uses metadata in the form of test results of a given set of algorithms on given set of datasets and calculates an average rank for each algorithm . the ranks are used to construct the average ranking . we investigate the problem of how the process of generating the average ranking is affected by incomplete metadata including fewer test results . this issue is relevan ←
→ l2 regularization for learning kernels ; the choice of the kernel is critical to the success of many learning algorithms but it is typically left to the user . instead , the training data can be used to learn the kernel by selecting it out of a given family , such as that of non - negative linear combinations of p base kernels , constrained by a trace or l1 regularization . this paper studies the problem of learning kernels with the same family of kernels but with an l2 regularization instead , and for regression p ←
→ multiresolution gaussian processes ; we propose a multiresolution gaussian process to capture long - range , non - markovian dependencies while allowing for abrupt changes . the multiresolution gp hierarchically couples a collection of smooth gps , each defined over an element of a random nested partition . long - range dependencies are captured by the top - level gp while the partition points define the abrupt changes . due to the inherent conjugacy of the gps , one can analytically marginalize the gps and compute the c ←
→ personalized speech recognition on mobile devices ; we describe a large vocabulary speech recognition system that is accurate , has low latency , and yet has a small enough memory and computational footprint to run faster than real - time on a nexus 5 android smartphone . we employ a quantized long short - term memory ( lstm ) acoustic model trained with connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) to directly predict phoneme targets , and further reduce its memory footprint using an svd - based compression scheme . addi ←
→ non - confluent nlc graph grammar inference by compressing disjoint subgraphs ; grammar inference deals with determining ( preferable simple ) models / grammars consistent with a set of observations . there is a large body of research on grammar inference within the theory of formal languages . however , there is surprisingly little known on grammar inference for graph grammars . in this paper we take a further step in this direction and work within the framework of node label controlled ( nlc ) graph grammars . speci ←
→ anisotropic diffusion in itk ; anisotropic non - linear diffusion is a powerful image processing technique , which allows to simultaneously remove the noise and enhance sharp features in two or three dimensional images . anisotropic diffusion is understood here in the sense of weickert , meaning that diffusion tensors are anisotropic and reflect the local orientation of image features . this is in contrast with the non - linear diffusion filter of perona and malik , which only involves scalar diffusion coefficients ,←
→ performance improvements of probabilistic transcript - adapted asr with recurrent neural network and language - specific constraints ; mismatched transcriptions have been proposed as a mean to acquire probabilistic transcriptions from non - native speakers of a language . prior work has demonstrated the value of these transcriptions by successfully adapting cross - lingual asr systems for different tar - get languages . in this work , we describe two techniques to refine these probabilistic transcriptions : a noisy - chan ←
→ recognizing cuneiform signs using graph based methods ; the cuneiform script constitutes one of the earliest systems of writing and is realized by wedge - shaped marks on clay tablets . a tremendous number of cuneiform tablets have already been discovered and are incrementally digitalized and made available to automated processing . as reading cuneiform script is still a manual task , we address the real - world application of recognizing cuneiform signs by two graph based methods with complementary runtime charac ←
→ wasserstein discriminant analysis ; wasserstein discriminant analysis ( wda ) is a new supervised method that can improve classification of high - dimensional data by computing a suitable linear map onto a lower dimensional subspace . following the blueprint of classical linear discriminant analysis ( lda ), wda selects the projection matrix that maximizes the ratio of two quantities : the dispersion of projected points coming from different classes , divided by the dispersion of projected points coming from the sam ←
→ the life of lazarillo de tormes and of his machine learning adversities ; summit work of the spanish golden age and forefather of the so - called picaresque novel , the life of lazarillo de tormes and of his fortunes and adversities still remains an anonymous text . although distinguished scholars have tried to attribute it to different authors based on a variety of criteria , a consensus has yet to be reached . the list of candidates is long and not all of them enjoy the same support within the scholarly communi ←
→ deep reinforcement learning from self - play in imperfect - information games ; many real - world applications can be described as large - scale games of imperfect information . to deal with these challenging domains , prior work has focused on computing nash equilibria in a handcrafted abstraction of the domain . in this paper we introduce the first scalable end - to - end approach to learning approximate nash equilibria without prior domain knowledge . our method combines fictitious self - play with deep reinforcement le ←
→ context attentive bandits : contextual bandit with restricted context ; we consider a novel formulation of the multi - armed bandit model , which we call the contextual bandit with restricted context , where only a limited number of features can be accessed by the learner at every iteration . this novel formulation is motivated by different online problems arising in clinical trials , recommender systems and attention modeling . herein , we adapt the standard multi - armed bandit algorithm known as thompson sampling t ←
→ parallel and distributed thompson sampling for large - scale accelerated exploration of chemical space ; chemical space is so large that brute force searches for new interesting molecules are infeasible . high - throughput virtual screening via computer cluster simulations can speed up the discovery process by collecting very large amounts of data in parallel , e . g ., up to hundreds or thousands of parallel measurements . bayesian optimization ( bo ) can produce additional acceleration by sequentially identifying t ←
→ dense multi - view 3d - reconstruction without dense correspondences ; we introduce a variational method for multi - view shape - from - shading under natural illumination . the key idea is to couple pde - based solutions for single - image based shape - from - shading problems across multiple images and multiple color channels by means of a variational formulation . rather than alternatingly solving the individual sfs problems and optimizing the consistency across images and channels which is known to lead to suboptimal resul ←
→ submodular meets spectral : greedy algorithms for subset selection , sparse approximation and dictionary selection ; we study the problem of selecting a subset of k random variables from a large set , in order to obtain the best linear prediction of another variable of interest . this problem can be viewed in the context of both feature selection and sparse approximation . we analyze the performance of widely used greedy heuristics , using insights from the maximization of submodular functions and spectral anal ←
→ using graph transformation algorithms to generate natural language equivalents of icons expressing medical concepts ; a graphical language addresses the need to communicate medical information in a synthetic way . medical concepts are expressed by icons conveying fast visual information about patients ' current state or about the known effects of drugs . in order to increase the visual language ' s acceptance and usability , a natural language generation interface is currently developed . in this context , this p ←
→ int { é } gration d ' une mesure d ' ind { é } pendance pour la fusion d ' informations ; many information sources are considered into data fusion in order to improve the decision in terms of uncertainty and imprecision . for each technique used for data fusion , the asumption on independance is usually made . we propose in this article an approach to take into acount an independance measure befor to make the combination of information in the context of the theory of belief functions .←
→ is space a word , too ? ; for words , rank - frequency distributions have long been heralded for adherence to a potentially - universal phenomenon known as zipf ' s law . the hypothetical form of this empirical phenomenon was refined by ben \^{ i } ot mandelbrot to that which is presently referred to as the zipf - mandelbrot law . parallel to this , herbet simon proposed a selection model potentially explaining zipf ' s law . however , a significant dispute between simon and mandelbrot , notable empirical exceptions , and the lack ←
→ dispersion and line formation in artificial swarm intelligence ; one of the major motifs in collective or swarm intelligence is that , even though individuals follow simple rules , the resulting global behavior can be complex and intelligent . in artificial swarm systems , such as swarm robots , the goal is to use systems that are as simple and cheap as possible , deploy many of them , and coordinate them to conduct complex tasks that each individual cannot accomplish . shape formation in artificial intelligence sy ←
→ class - based rough approximation with dominance principle ; dominance - based rough set approach ( drsa ), as the extension of pawlak ' s rough set theory , is effective and fundamentally important in multiple criteria decision analysis ( mcda ). in previous drsa models , the definitions of the upper and lower approximations are preserving the class unions rather than the singleton class . in this paper , we propose a new class - based rough approximation with respect to a series of previous drsa models , including classic ←
→ glasgow ' s stereo image database of garments ; to provide insight into cloth perception and manipulation with an active binocular robotic vision system , we compiled a database of 80 stereo - pair colour images with corresponding horizontal and vertical disparity maps and mask annotations , for 3d garment point cloud rendering has been created and released . the stereo - image garment database is part of research conducted under the eu - fp7 clothes perception and manipulation ( clopema ) project and belongs to a wider ←
→ annotating cognates and etymological origin in turkic languages ; turkic languages exhibit extensive and diverse etymological relationships among lexical items . these relationships make the turkic languages promising for exploring automated translation lexicon induction by leveraging cognate and other etymological information . however , due to the extent and diversity of the types of relationships between words , it is not clear how to annotate such information . in this paper , we present a methodology for ann ←
→ segmentation et interprétation de nuages de points pour la modélisation d ' environnements urbains ; dans cet article , nous pr \' esentons une m \' ethode pour la d \' etection et la classification d ' artefacts au niveau du sol , comme phase de filtrage pr \' ealable \` a la mod \' elisation d ' environnements urbains . la m \' ethode de d \' etection est r \' ealis \' ee sur l ' image profondeur , une projection de nuage de points sur un plan image o \` u la valeur du pixel correspond \` a la distance du point au plan . en faisant l ' hyp ←
→ computing stable coalitions : approximation algorithms for reward sharing ; consider a setting where selfish agents are to be assigned to coalitions or projects from a fixed set p . each project k is characterized by a valuation function ; v_k ( s ) is the value generated by a set s of agents working on project k . we study the following classic problem in this setting : " how should the agents divide the value that they collectively create ?". one traditional approach in cooperative game theory is to study core stab ←
→ on modular training of neural acoustics - to - word model for lvcsr ; end - to - end ( e2e ) automatic speech recognition ( asr ) systems directly map acoustics to words using a unified model . previous works mostly focus on e2e training a single model which integrates acoustic and language model into a whole . although e2e training benefits from sequence modeling and simplified decoding pipelines , large amount of transcribed acoustic data is usually required , and traditional acoustic and language modelling techniques ca ←
→ efficient policy learning ; we consider the problem of using observational data to learn treatment assignment policies that satisfy certain constraints specified by a practitioner , such as budget , fairness , or functional form constraints . this problem has previously been studied in economics , statistics , and computer science , and several regret - consistent methods have been proposed . however , several key analytical components are missing , including a characterization of optimal methods for policy learning , a ←
→ pixelcnn ++: improving the pixelcnn with discretized logistic mixture likelihood and other modifications ; pixelcnns are a recently proposed class of powerful generative models with tractable likelihood . here we discuss our implementation of pixelcnns which we make available at https :// github . com / openai / pixel - cnn . our implementation contains a number of modifications to the original model that both simplify its structure and improve its performance . 1 ) we use a discretized logistic mixture likelihood on th ←
→ end - to - end active object tracking via reinforcement learning ; in this paper , we propose an active object tracking approach , which provides a tracking solution simultaneously addressing tracking and camera control . crucially , these two tasks are tackled in an end - to - end manner via reinforcement learning . specifically , a convnet - lstm function approximator is adopted , which takes as input only visual observations ( i . e ., frame sequences ) and directly outputs camera motions ( e . g ., move forward , turn left , etc .)←
→ a mixed observability markov decision process model for musical pitch ; partially observable markov decision processes have been widely used to provide models for real - world decision making problems . in this paper , we will provide a method in which a slightly different version of them called mixed observability markov decision process , momdp , is going to join with our problem . basically , we aim at offering a behavioural model for interaction of intelligent agents with musical pitch environment and we will s ←
→ the seqbin constraint revisited ; we revisit the seqbin constraint . this meta - constraint subsumes a number of important global constraints like change , smooth and increasingnvalue . we show that the previously proposed filtering algorithm for seqbin has two drawbacks even under strong restrictions : it does not detect bounds disentailment and it is not idempotent . we identify the cause for these problems , and propose a new propagator that overcomes both issues . our algorithm is based on a connection to the pr ←
→ model - lite case - based planning ; there is increasing awareness in the planning community that depending on complete models impedes the applicability of planning technology in many real world domains where the burden of specifying complete domain models is too high . in this paper , we consider a novel solution for this challenge that combines generative planning on incomplete domain models with a library of plan cases that are known to be correct . while this was arguably the original motivation for case - based ←
→ a hybrid evolutionary algorithm based on solution merging for the longest arc - preserving common subsequence problem ; the longest arc - preserving common subsequence problem is an np - hard combinatorial optimization problem from the field of computational biology . this problem finds applications , in particular , in the comparison of arc - annotated ribonucleic acid ( rna ) sequences . in this work we propose a simple , hybrid evolutionary algorithm to tackle this problem . the most important feature of this algorith ←
→ extremal optimization for sensor report pre - processing ; we describe the recently introduced extremal optimization algorithm and apply it to target detection and association problems arising in pre - processing for multi - target tracking . here we consider the problem of pre - processing for multiple target tracking when the number of sensor reports received is very large and arrives in large bursts . in this case , it is sometimes necessary to pre - process reports before sending them to tracking modules in the fu ←
→ the meaning factory at semeval - 2017 task 9 : producing amrs with neural semantic parsing ; we evaluate a semantic parser based on a character - based sequence - to - sequence model in the context of the semeval - 2017 shared task on semantic parsing for amrs . with data augmentation , super characters , and pos - tagging we gain major improvements in performance compared to a baseline character - level model . although we improve on previous character - based neural semantic parsing models , the overall accuracy is still low ←
→ ws4a : a biomedical question and answering system based on public web services and ontologies ; this paper describes our system , dubbed ws4a ( web services for all ), that participated in the fourth edition of the bioasq challenge ( 2016 ). we used ws4a to perform the question and answering ( qa ) task 4b , which consisted on the retrieval of relevant concepts , documents , snippets , rdf triples , exact answers and ideal answers for each given question . the novelty in our approach consists on the maximum exploitatio ←
→ when 3d - aided 2d face recognition meets deep learning : an extended ur2d for pose - invariant face recognition ; most of the face recognition works focus on specific modules or demonstrate a research idea . this paper presents a pose - invariant 3d - aided 2d face recognition system ( ur2d ) that is robust to pose variations as large as 90 ? by leveraging deep learning technology . the architecture and the interface of ur2d are described , and each module is introduced in detail . extensive experiments are conducted on ←
→ collective intelligence , data routing and braess ' paradox ; we consider the problem of designing the the utility functions of the utility - maximizing agents in a multi - agent system so that they work synergistically to maximize a global utility . the particular problem domain we explore is the control of network routing by placing agents on all the routers in the network . conventional approaches to this task have the agents all use the ideal shortest path routing algorithm ( ispa ). we demonstrate that in many c ←
→ robust degraded face recognition using enhanced local frequency descriptor and multi - scale competition ; recognizing degraded faces from low resolution and blurred images are common yet challenging task . local frequency descriptor ( lfd ) has been proved to be effective for this task yet it is extracted from a spatial neighborhood of a pixel of a frequency plane independently regardless of correlations between frequencies . in addition , it uses a fixed window size named single scale of short - term frequency t ←
→ evaluating the competency of a first - order ontology ; we report on the results of evaluating the competency of a first - order ontology for its use with automated theorem provers ( atps ). the evaluation follows the adaptation of the methodology based on competency questions ( cqs ) [ gr \" uninger & fox , 1995 ] to the framework of first - order logic , which is presented in [\' alvez & lucio & rigau , 2015 ], and is applied to adimen - sumo [\' alvez & lucio & rigau , 2015 ]. the set of cqs used for this evaluation has been automatically g ←
→ an end - to - end compression framework based on convolutional neural networks ; deep learning , e . g ., convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), has achieved great success in image processing and computer vision especially in high level vision applications such as recognition and understanding . however , it is rarely used to solve low - level vision problems such as image compression studied in this paper . here , we move forward a step and propose a novel compression framework based on cnns . to achieve high - quality im ←
→ multi - labeled classification of demographic attributes of patients : a case study of diabetics patients ; automated learning of patients demographics can be seen as multi - label problem where a patient model is based on different race and gender groups . the resulting model can be further integrated into privacy - preserving data mining , where it can be used to assess risk of identification of different patient groups . our project considers relations between diabetes and demographics of patients as a multi - lab ←
→ seeding the initial population of multi - objective evolutionary algorithms : a computational study ; most experimental studies initialize the population of evolutionary algorithms with random genotypes . in practice , however , optimizers are typically seeded with good candidate solutions either previously known or created according to some problem - specific method . this " seeding " has been studied extensively for single - objective problems . for multi - objective problems , however , very little literature is availab ←
→ automated text summarisation and evidence - based medicine : a survey of two domains ; the practice of evidence - based medicine ( ebm ) urges medical practitioners to utilise the latest research evidence when making clinical decisions . because of the massive and growing volume of published research on various medical topics , practitioners often find themselves overloaded with information . as such , natural language processing research has recently commenced exploring techniques for performing medical domain - spec ←
→ privacy preserving id3 over horizontally , vertically and grid partitioned data ; we consider privacy preserving decision tree induction via id3 in the case where the training data is horizontally or vertically distributed . furthermore , we consider the same problem in the case where the data is both horizontally and vertically distributed , a situation we refer to as grid partitioned data . we give an algorithm for privacy preserving id3 over horizontally partitioned data involving more than two parties . for ←
→ a constraint programming approach for solving a queueing control problem ; in a facility with front room and back room operations , it is useful to switch workers between the rooms in order to cope with changing customer demand . assuming stochastic customer arrival and service times , we seek a policy for switching workers such that the expected customer waiting time is minimized while the expected back room staffing is sufficient to perform all work . three novel constraint programming models and several shav ←
→ a state of the art of urban reconstruction : street , street network , vegetation , urban feature ; world population is raising , especially the part of people living in cities . with increased population and complex roles regarding their inhabitants and their surroundings , cities concentrate difficulties for design , planning and analysis . these tasks require a way to reconstruct / model a city . traditionally , much attention has been given to buildings reconstruction , yet an essential part of city were neglected :←
→ scalable and sustainable deep learning via randomized hashing ; current deep learning architectures are growing larger in order to learn from complex datasets . these architectures require giant matrix multiplication operations to train millions of parameters . conversely , there is another growing trend to bring deep learning to low - power , embedded devices . the matrix operations , associated with both training and testing of deep networks , are very expensive from a computational and energy standpoint . we prese ←
→ a probabilistic framework for multi - view feature learning with many - to - many associations via neural networks ; a simple framework probabilistic multi - view graph embedding ( pmvge ) is proposed for multi - view feature learning with many - to - many associations . pmvge is a probabilistic model for predicting new associations via graph embedding of the nodes of data vectors with links of their associations . multi - view data vectors with many - to - many associations are transformed by neural networks to feature vectors i ←
→ towards a tracking algorithm based on the clustering of spatio - temporal clouds of points ; the interest in 3d dynamical tracking is growing in fields such as robotics , biology and fluid dynamics . recently , a major source of progress in 3d tracking has been the study of collective behaviour in biological systems , where the trajectories of individual animals moving within large and dense groups need to be reconstructed to understand the behavioural interaction rules . experimental data in this field are gene ←
→ a bayesian approach to constraint based causal inference ; we target the problem of accuracy and robustness in causal inference from finite data sets . some state - of - the - art algorithms produce clear output complete with solid theoretical guarantees but are susceptible to propagating erroneous decisions , while others are very adept at handling and representing uncertainty , but need to rely on undesirable assumptions . our aim is to combine the inherent robustness of the bayesian approach with the theoretical s ←
→ how to train a cat : learning canonical appearance transformations for direct visual localization under illumination change ; direct visual localization has recently enjoyed a resurgence in popularity with the increasing availability of cheap mobile computing power . the competitive accuracy and robustness of these algorithms compared to state - of - the - art feature - based methods , as well as their natural ability to yield dense maps , makes them an appealing choice for a variety of mobile robotics applications . ←
→ user personalized satisfaction prediction via multiple instance deep learning ; community based question answering services have arisen as a popular knowledge sharing pattern for netizens . with abundant interactions among users , individuals are capable of obtaining satisfactory information . however , it is not effective for users to attain answers within minutes . users have to check the progress over time until the satisfying answers submitted . we address this problem as a user personalized satisfaction pr ←
→ linguistic geometries for unsupervised dimensionality reduction ; text documents are complex high dimensional objects . to effectively visualize such data it is important to reduce its dimensionality and visualize the low dimensional embedding as a 2 - d or 3 - d scatter plot . in this paper we explore dimensionality reduction methods that draw upon domain knowledge in order to achieve a better low dimensional embedding and visualization of documents . we consider the use of geometries specified manually by an exp ←
→ geometry of polysemy ; vector representations of words have heralded a transformational approach to classical problems in nlp ; the most popular example is word2vec . however , a single vector does not suffice to model the polysemous nature of many ( frequent ) words , i . e ., words with multiple meanings . in this paper , we propose a three - fold approach for unsupervised polysemy modeling : ( a ) context representations , ( b ) sense induction and disambiguation and ( c ) lexeme ( as a word and sense pair ) representations . a ←
→ arbitrary style transfer in real - time with adaptive instance normalization ; gatys et al . recently introduced a neural algorithm that renders a content image in the style of another image , achieving so - called style transfer . however , their framework requires a slow iterative optimization process , which limits its practical application . fast approximations with feed - forward neural networks have been proposed to speed up neural style transfer . unfortunately , the speed improvement comes at a cost : the networ ←
→ a mapreduce based distributed svm algorithm for binary classification ; although support vector machine ( svm ) algorithm has a high generalization property to classify for unseen examples after training phase and it has small loss value , the algorithm is not suitable for real - life classification and regression problems . svms cannot solve hundreds of thousands examples in training dataset . in previous studies on distributed machine learning algorithms , svm is trained over a costly and preconfigured computer e ←
→ a convolutional autoencoder for multi - subject fmri data aggregation ; finding the most effective way to aggregate multi - subject fmri data is a long - standing and challenging problem . it is of increasing interest in contemporary fmri studies of human cognition due to the scarcity of data per subject and the variability of brain anatomy and functional response across subjects . recent work on latent factor models shows promising results in this task but this approach does not preserve spatial locality in the br ←
→ camera relocalization by computing pairwise relative poses using convolutional neural network ; we propose a new deep learning based approach for camera relocalization . our approach localizes a given query image by using a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for first retrieving similar database images and then predicting the relative pose between the query and the database images , whose poses are known . the camera location for the query image is obtained via triangulation from two relative translation est ←
→ a reasoning system for a first - order logic of limited belief ; logics of limited belief aim at enabling computationally feasible reasoning in highly expressive representation languages . these languages are often dialects of first - order logic with a weaker form of logical entailment that keeps reasoning decidable or even tractable . while a number of such logics have been proposed in the past , they tend to remain for theoretical analysis only and their practical relevance is very limited . in this paper , we ai ←
→ a multi - engine approach to answer set programming ; answer set programming ( asp ) is a truly - declarative programming paradigm proposed in the area of non - monotonic reasoning and logic programming , that has been recently employed in many applications . the development of efficient asp systems is , thus , crucial . having in mind the task of improving the solving methods for asp , there are two usual ways to reach this goal : $( i )$ extending state - of - the - art techniques and asp solvers , or $( ii )$ designing a new asp ←
→ an analysis of dropout for matrix factorization ; dropout is a simple yet effective algorithm for regularizing neural networks by randomly dropping out units through bernoulli multiplicative noise , and for some restricted problem classes , such as linear or logistic regression , several theoretical studies have demonstrated the equivalence between dropout and a fully deterministic optimization problem with data - dependent tikhonov regularization . this work presents a theoretical analysis of dropout for matrix ←
→ bayesian approach to neuro - rough models ; this paper proposes a neuro - rough model based on multi - layered perceptron and rough set . the neuro - rough model is then tested on modelling the risk of hiv from demographic data . the model is formulated using bayesian framework and trained using monte carlo method and metropolis criterion . when the model was tested to estimate the risk of hiv infection given the demographic data it was found to give the accuracy of 62 %. the proposed model is able to combine the accur ←
→ visualizing and understanding sum - product networks ; sum - product networks ( spns ) are recently introduced deep tractable probabilistic models by which several kinds of inference queries can be answered exactly and in a tractable time . up to now , they have been largely used as black box density estimators , assessed only by comparing their likelihood scores only . in this paper we explore and exploit the inner representations learned by spns . we do this with a threefold aim : first we want to get a better unders ←
→ a global constraint for closed itemset mining ; discovering the set of closed frequent patterns is one of the fundamental problems in data mining . recent constraint programming ( cp ) approaches for declarative itemset mining have proven their usefulness and flexibility . but the wide use of reified constraints in current cp approaches raises many difficulties to cope with high dimensional datasets . this paper proposes closed pattern global constraint which does not require any reified constraints nor any extr ←
→ eigendecompositions of transfer operators in reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ; transfer operators such as the perron - frobenius or koopman operator play an important role in the global analysis of complex dynamical systems . the eigenfunctions of these operators can be used to detect metastable sets , to project the dynamics onto the dominant slow processes , or to separate superimposed signals . we extend transfer operator theory to reproducing kernel hilbert spaces and show that these operators are related ←
→ autonomous fault detection in self - healing systems using restricted boltzmann machines ; autonomously detecting and recovering from faults is one approach for reducing the operational complexity and costs associated with managing computing environments . we present a novel methodology for autonomously generating investigation leads that help identify systems faults , and extends our previous work in this area by leveraging restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ) and contrastive divergence learning to analyse c ←
→ topology adaptive graph convolutional networks ; spectral graph convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) require approximation to the convolution to alleviate the computational complexity , resulting in performance loss . this paper proposes the topology adaptive graph convolutional network ( tagcn ), a novel graph convolutional network defined in the vertex domain . we provide a systematic way to design a set of fixed - size learnable filters to perform convolutions on graphs . the topologies of these filters are adap ←
→ one - to - many face recognition with bilinear cnns ; the recent explosive growth in convolutional neural network ( cnn ) research has produced a variety of new architectures for deep learning . one intriguing new architecture is the bilinear cnn ( b - cnn ), which has shown dramatic performance gains on certain fine - grained recognition problems [ 15 ]. we apply this new cnn to the challenging new face recognition benchmark , the iarpa janus benchmark a ( ijb - a ) [ 12 ]. it features faces from a large number of identities in ←
→ mass displacement networks ; despite the large improvements in performance attained by using deep learning in computer vision , one can often further improve results with some additional post - processing that exploits the geometric nature of the underlying task . this commonly involves displacing the posterior distribution of a cnn in a way that makes it more appropriate for the task at hand , e . g . better aligned with local image features , or more compact . in this work we integrate this geometric post - processin ←
→ non binary local gradient contours for face recognition ; as the features from the traditional local binary patterns ( lbp ) and local directional patterns ( ldp ) are found to be ineffective for face recognition , we have proposed a new approach derived on the basis of information sets whereby the loss of information that occurs during the binarization is eliminated . the information sets expand the scope of fuzzy sets by connecting the attribute and the corresponding membership function value as a product . sinc ←
→ a brief introduction to the temporal group lasso and its potential applications in healthcare ; the temporal group lasso is an example of a multi - task , regularized regression approach for the prediction of response variables that vary over time . the aim of this work is to introduce the reader to the concepts behind the temporal group lasso and its related methods , as well as to the type of potential applications in a healthcare setting that the method has . we argue that the method is attractive because of ←
→ prediction of the progression of subcortical brain structures in alzheimer ' s disease from baseline ; we propose a method to predict the subject - specific longitudinal progression of brain structures extracted from baseline mri , and evaluate its performance on alzheimer ' s disease data . the disease progression is modeled as a trajectory on a group of diffeomorphisms in the context of large deformation diffeomorphic metric mapping ( lddmm ). we first exhibit the limited predictive abilities of geodesic regressi ←
→ fast and accurate classification of echocardiograms using deep learning ; echocardiography is essential to modern cardiology . however , human interpretation limits high throughput analysis , limiting echocardiography from reaching its full clinical and research potential for precision medicine . deep learning is a cutting - edge machine - learning technique that has been useful in analyzing medical images but has not yet been widely applied to echocardiography , partly due to the complexity of echocardiograms ' mult ←
→ revisiting activation regularization for language rnns ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) serve as a fundamental building block for many sequence tasks across natural language processing . recent research has focused on recurrent dropout techniques or custom rnn cells in order to improve performance . both of these can require substantial modifications to the machine learning model or to the underlying rnn configurations . we revisit traditional regularization techniques , specifically l2 regularization on rnn ←
→ introduction to the monogenic signal ; the monogenic signal is an image analysis methodology that was introduced by felsberg and sommer in 2001 and has been employed for a variety of purposes in image processing and computer vision research . in particular , it has been found to be useful in the analysis of ultrasound imagery in several research scenarios mostly in work done within the biomedia lab at oxford . however , the literature on the monogenic signal can be difficult to penetrate due to the lack of a si ←
→ ambient sound provides supervision for visual learning ; the sound of crashing waves , the roar of fast - moving cars -- sound conveys important information about the objects in our surroundings . in this work , we show that ambient sounds can be used as a supervisory signal for learning visual models . to demonstrate this , we train a convolutional neural network to predict a statistical summary of the sound associated with a video frame . we show that , through this process , the network learns a representation tha ←
→ neural system combination for machine translation ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) becomes a new approach to machine translation and generates much more fluent results compared to statistical machine translation ( smt ). however , smt is usually better than nmt in translation adequacy . it is therefore a promising direction to combine the advantages of both nmt and smt . in this paper , we propose a neural system combination framework leveraging multi - source nmt , which takes as input the outputs of nmt and ←
→ more accurate tests for the statistical significance of result differences ; statistical significance testing of differences in values of metrics like recall , precision and balanced f - score is a necessary part of empirical natural language processing . unfortunately , we find in a set of experiments that many commonly used tests often underestimate the significance and so are less likely to detect differences that exist between different techniques . this underestimation comes from an independence assumption ←
→ kannada spell checker with sandhi splitter ; spelling errors are introduced in text either during typing , or when the user does not know the correct phoneme or grapheme . if a language contains complex words like sandhi where two or more morphemes join based on some rules , spell checking becomes very tedious . in such situations , having a spell checker with sandhi splitter which alerts the user by flagging the errors and providing suggestions is very useful . a novel algorithm of sandhi splitting is proposed i ←
→ circnn : accelerating and compressing deep neural networks using block - circulantweight matrices ; large - scale deep neural networks ( dnns ) are both compute and memory intensive . as the size of dnns continues to grow , it is critical to improve the energy efficiency and performance while maintaining accuracy . for dnns , the model size is an important factor affecting performance , scalability and energy efficiency . weight pruning achieves good compression ratios but suffers from three drawbacks : 1 ) the irregula ←
→ translating answer - set programs into bit - vector logic ; answer set programming ( asp ) is a paradigm for declarative problem solving where problems are first formalized as rule sets , i . e ., answer - set programs , in a uniform way and then solved by computing answer sets for programs . the satisfiability modulo theories ( smt ) framework follows a similar modelling philosophy but the syntax is based on extensions of propositional logic rather than rules . quite recently , a translation from answer - set programs into di ←
→ a brief survey on deep belief networks and introducing a new object oriented toolbox ( deebnet ) ; nowadays , this is very popular to use the deep architectures in machine learning . deep belief networks ( dbns ) are deep architectures that use stack of restricted boltzmann machines ( rbm ) to create a powerful generative model using training data . dbns have many ability like feature extraction and classification that are used in many applications like image processing , speech processing and etc . this paper intro ←
→ conditional markov chain search for the simple plant location problem improves upper bounds on twelve körkel - ghosh instances ; we address a family of hard benchmark instances for the simple plant location problem ( also known as the uncapacitated facility location problem ). the recent attempt by fischetti et al . to tackle the k \" orkel - ghosh instances resulted in seven new optimal solutions and 22 improved upper bounds . we use automated generation of heuristics to obtain a new algorithm for the simple plant ←
→ policy gradients for cvar - constrained mdps ; we study a risk - constrained version of the stochastic shortest path ( ssp ) problem , where the risk measure considered is conditional value - at - risk ( cvar ). we propose two algorithms that obtain a locally risk - optimal policy by employing four tools : stochastic approximation , mini batches , policy gradients and importance sampling . both the algorithms incorporate a cvar estimation procedure , along the lines of bardou et al . [ 2009 ], which in turn is based on rockafella ←
→ contains and inside relationships within combinatorial pyramids ; irregular pyramids are made of a stack of successively reduced graphs embedded in the plane . such pyramids are used within the segmentation framework to encode a hierarchy of partitions . the different graph models used within the irregular pyramid framework encode different types of relationships between regions . this paper compares different graph models used within the irregular pyramid framework according to a set of relationships between ←
→ automated analysis and prediction of job interview performance ; we present a computational framework for automatically quantifying verbal and nonverbal behaviors in the context of job interviews . the proposed framework is trained by analyzing the videos of 138 interview sessions with 69 internship - seeking undergraduates at the massachusetts institute of technology ( mit ). our automated analysis includes facial expressions ( e . g ., smiles , head gestures , facial tracking points ), language ( e . g ., word counts , to ←
→ ik - pso , pso inverse kinematics solver with application to biped gait generation ; this paper describes a new approach allowing the generation of a simplified biped gait . this approach combines a classical dynamic modeling with an inverse kinematics ' solver based on particle swarm optimization , pso . first , an inverted pendulum , ip , is used to obtain a simplified dynamic model of the robot and to compute the target position of a key point in biped locomotion , the centre of mass , com . the proposed algorithm ,←
→ tracking randomly moving objects on edge box proposals ; most tracking - by - detection methods employ a local search window around the predicted object location in the current frame assuming the previous location is accurate , the trajectory is smooth , and the computational capacity permits a search radius that can accommodate the maximum speed yet small enough to reduce mismatches . these , however , may not be valid always , in particular for fast and irregularly moving objects . here , we present an object tracker ←
→ detection and tracking of general movable objects in large 3d maps ; this paper studies the problem of detection and tracking of general objects with long - term dynamics , observed by a mobile robot moving in a large environment . a key problem is that due to the environment scale , it can only observe a subset of the objects at any given time . since some time passes between observations of objects in different places , the objects might be moved when the robot is not there . we propose a model for this movement ←
→ turning speech into scripts ; we describe an architecture for implementing spoken natural language dialogue interfaces to semi - autonomous systems , in which the central idea is to transform the input speech signal through successive levels of representation corresponding roughly to linguistic knowledge , dialogue knowledge , and domain knowledge . the final representation is an executable program in a simple scripting language equivalent to a subset of cshell . at each stage of the translation process , an input ←
→ medical image fusion : a survey of the state of the art ; medical image fusion is the process of registering and combining multiple images from single or multiple imaging modalities to improve the imaging quality and reduce randomness and redundancy in order to increase the clinical applicability of medical images for diagnosis and assessment of medical problems . multi - modal medical image fusion algorithms and devices have shown notable achievements in improving clinical accuracy of decisions based on medica ←
→ a novel neural network model specified for representing logical relations ; with computers to handle more and more complicated things in variable environments , it becomes an urgent requirement that the artificial intelligence has the ability of automatic judging and deciding according to numerous specific conditions so as to deal with the complicated and variable cases . anns inspired by brain is a good candidate . however , most of current numeric anns are not good at representing logical relations because ←
→ recurrent scene parsing with perspective understanding in the loop ; objects may appear at arbitrary scales in perspective images of a scene , posing a challenge for recognition systems that process images at a fixed resolution . we propose a depth - aware gating module that adaptively selects the pooling field size in a convolutional network architecture according to the object scale ( inversely proportional to the depth ) so that small details are preserved for distant objects while larger receptive fields are ←
→ orthogonal matrix retrieval in cryo - electron microscopy ; in single particle reconstruction ( spr ) from cryo - electron microscopy ( cryo - em ), the 3d structure of a molecule needs to be determined from its 2d projection images taken at unknown viewing directions . zvi kam showed already in 1980 that the autocorrelation function of the 3d molecule over the rotation group so ( 3 ) can be estimated from 2d projection images whose viewing directions are uniformly distributed over the sphere . the autocorrelation functio ←
→ social media analysis based on semanticity of streaming and batch data ; languages shared by people differ in different regions based on their accents , pronunciation and word usages . in this era sharing of language takes place mainly through social media and blogs . every second swing of such a micro posts exist which induces the need of processing those micro posts , in - order to extract knowledge out of it . knowledge extraction differs with respect to the application in which the research on cognitive scienc ←
→ ubiquitous wlan / camera positioning using inverse intensity chromaticity space - based feature detection and matching : a preliminary result ; this paper present our new intensity chromaticity space - based feature detection and matching algorithm . this approach utilizes hybridization of wireless local area network and camera internal sensor which to receive signal strength from a access point and the same time retrieve interest point information from hallways . this information is combined by model fitting appr ←
→ fast sequential forensic camera identification ; two sequential camera source identification methods are proposed . sequential tests implement a log - likelihood ratio test in an incremental way , thus enabling a reliable decision with a minimal number of observations . one of our methods adapts goljan et al .' s to sequential operation . the second , which offers better performance in terms of error probabilities and average number of test observations , is based on treating the alternative hypothesis as a doubly st ←
→ using natural language processing and qualitative analysis to intervene in gang violence : a collaboration between social work researchers and data scientists ; the u . s . has the highest rate of firearm - related deaths when compared to other industrialized countries . violence particularly affects low - income , urban neighborhoods in cities like chicago , which saw a 40 % increase in firearm violence from 2014 to 2015 to more than 3 , 000 shooting victims . while recent studies have found that urban , gang - involved ←
→ incremental clustering : the case for extra clusters ; the explosion in the amount of data available for analysis often necessitates a transition from batch to incremental clustering methods , which process one element at a time and typically store only a small subset of the data . in this paper , we initiate the formal analysis of incremental clustering methods focusing on the types of cluster structure that they are able to detect . we find that the incremental setting is strictly weaker than the batch model , ←
→ bridging saliency detection to weakly supervised object detection based on self - paced curriculum learning ; weakly - supervised object detection ( wod ) is a challenging problems in computer vision . the key problem is to simultaneously infer the exact object locations in the training images and train the object detectors , given only the training images with weak image - level labels . intuitively , by simulating the selective attention mechanism of human visual system , saliency detection technique can select attr ←
→ tensor principal component analysis via sum - of - squares proofs ; we study a statistical model for the tensor principal component analysis problem introduced by montanari and richard : given a order -$ 3 $ tensor $ t $ of the form $ t = \ tau \ cdot v_0 ^{\ otimes 3 } + a $, where $\ tau \ geq 0 $ is a signal - to - noise ratio , $ v_0 $ is a unit vector , and $ a $ is a random noise tensor , the goal is to recover the planted vector $ v_0 $. for the case that $ a $ has iid standard gaussian entries , we give an efficient algorithm to recov ←
→ on considering uncertainty and alternatives in low - level vision ; in this paper we address the uncertainty issues involved in the low - level vision task of image segmentation . researchers in computer vision have worked extensively on this problem , in which the goal is to partition ( or segment ) an image into regions that are homogeneous or uniform in some sense . this segmentation is often utilized by some higher level process , such as an object recognition system . we show that by considering uncertainty in a ←
→ clinically meaningful comparisons over time : an approach to measuring patient similarity based on subsequence alignment ; longitudinal patient data has the potential to improve clinical risk stratification models for disease . however , chronic diseases that progress slowly over time are often heterogeneous in their clinical presentation . patients may progress through disease stages at varying rates . this leads to pathophysiological misalignment over time , making it difficult to consistently compare patient ←
→ first - order mixed integer linear programming ; mixed integer linear programming ( milp ) is a powerful representation often used to formulate decision - making problems under uncertainty . however , it lacks a natural mechanism to reason about objects , classes of objects , and relations . first - order logic ( fol ), on the other hand , excels at reasoning about classes of objects , but lacks a rich representation of uncertainty . while representing propositional logic in milp has been extensively explored , no theory exis ←
→ acewiki : collaborative ontology management in controlled natural language ; acewiki is a prototype that shows how a semantic wiki using controlled natural language - attempto controlled english ( ace ) in our case - can make ontology management easy for everybody . sentences in ace can automatically be translated into first - order logic , owl , or swrl . acewiki integrates the owl reasoner pellet and ensures that the ontology is always consistent . previous results have shown that people with no background in log ←
→ inferring human activities using robust privileged probabilistic learning ; classification models may often suffer from " structure imbalance " between training and testing data that may occur due to the deficient data collection process . this imbalance can be represented by the learning using privileged information ( lupi ) paradigm . in this paper , we present a supervised probabilistic classification approach that integrates lupi into a hidden conditional random field ( hcrf ) model . the proposed model is call ←
→ quantum entanglement in concept combinations ; research in the application of quantum structures to cognitive science confirms that these structures quite systematically appear in the dynamics of concepts and their combinations and quantum - based models faithfully represent experimental data of situations where classical approaches are problematical . in this paper , we analyze the data we collected in an experiment on a specific conceptual combination , showing that bell ' s inequalities are violated in the expe ←
→ discriminative segmental cascades for feature - rich phone recognition ; discriminative segmental models , such as segmental conditional random fields ( scrfs ) and segmental structured support vector machines ( ssvms ), have had success in speech recognition via both lattice rescoring and first - pass decoding . however , such models suffer from slow decoding , hampering the use of computationally expensive features , such as segment neural networks or other high - order features . a typical solution is to use approximate ←
→ remedies against the vocabulary gap in information retrieval ; search engines rely heavily on term - based approaches that represent queries and documents as bags of words . text --- a document or a query --- is represented by a bag of its words that ignores grammar and word order , but retains word frequency counts . when presented with a search query , the engine then ranks documents according to their relevance scores by computing , among other things , the matching degrees between query and document terms . while te ←
→ a systematic study of the class imbalance problem in convolutional neural networks ; in this study , we systematically investigate the impact of class imbalance on classification performance of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) and compare frequently used methods to address the issue . class imbalance is a common problem that has been comprehensively studied in classical machine learning , yet very limited systematic research is available in the context of deep learning . in our study , we use three benchma ←
→ deep learning with spatiotemporal consistency for nerve segmentation in ultrasound images ; ultrasound - guided regional anesthesia ( ugra ) has been gaining importance in the last few years , offering numerous advantages over alternative methods of nerve localization ( neurostimulation or paraesthesia ). however , nerve detection is one of the most tasks that anaesthetists can encounter in the ugra procedure . computer aided system that can detect automatically region of nerve , would help practitioner to concentr ←
→ low - effort place recognition with wifi fingerprints using deep learning ; using wifi signals for indoor localization is the main localization modality of the existing personal indoor localization systems operating on mobile devices . wifi fingerprinting is also used for mobile robots , as wifi signals are usually available indoors and can provide rough initial position estimate or can be used together with other positioning systems . currently , the best solutions rely on filtering , manual data analysis , and ti ←
→ pattern recognition using inverse resonance filtration ; an approach to textures pattern recognition based on inverse resonance filtration ( irf ) is considered . a set of principal resonance harmonics of textured image signal fluctuations eigen harmonic decomposition ( ehd ) is used for the irf design . it was shown that ehd is invariant to textured image linear shift . the recognition of texture is made by transfer of its signal into unstructured signal which simple statistical parameters can be used for texture ←
→ an experimental study of deep convolutional features for iris recognition ; iris is one of the popular biometrics that is widely used for identity authentication . different features have been used to perform iris recognition in the past . most of them are based on hand - crafted features designed by biometrics experts . due to tremendous success of deep learning in computer vision problems , there has been a lot of interest in applying features learned by convolutional neural networks on general image recognit ←
→ contour polygonal approximation using shortest path in networks ; contour polygonal approximation is a simplified representation of a contour by line segments , so that the main characteristics of the contour remain in a small number of line segments . this paper presents a novel method for polygonal approximation based on the complex networks theory . we convert each point of the contour into a vertex , so that we model a regular network . then we transform this network into a small - world complex network by app ←
→ comparison of several sparse recovery methods for low rank matrices with random samples ; in this paper , we will investigate the efficacy of imat ( iterative method of adaptive thresholding ) in recovering the sparse signal ( parameters ) for linear models with missing data . sparse recovery rises in compressed sensing and machine learning problems and has various applications necessitating viable reconstruction methods specifically when we work with big data . this paper will focus on comparing the power of im ←
→ sarah : a novel method for machine learning problems using stochastic recursive gradient ; in this paper , we propose a stochastic recursive gradient algorithm ( sarah ), as well as its practical variant sarah +, as a novel approach to the finite - sum minimization problems . different from the vanilla sgd and other modern stochastic methods such as svrg , s2gd , sag and saga , sarah admits a simple recursive framework for updating stochastic gradient estimates ; when comparing to sag / saga , sarah does not require a s ←
→ ssh : single stage headless face detector ; we introduce the single stage headless ( ssh ) face detector . unlike two stage proposal - classification detectors , ssh detects faces in a single stage directly from the early convolutional layers in a classification network . ssh is headless . that is , it is able to achieve state - of - the - art results while removing the " head " of its underlying classification network -- i . e . all fully connected layers in the vgg - 16 which contains a large number of parameters . additionally ,←
→ generative adversarial network - based synthesis of visible faces from polarimetric thermal faces ; the large domain discrepancy between faces captured in polarimetric ( or conventional ) thermal and visible domain makes cross - domain face recognition quite a challenging problem for both human - examiners and computer vision algorithms . previous approaches utilize a two - step procedure ( visible feature estimation and visible image reconstruction ) to synthesize the visible image given the corresponding polarimetri ←
→ data mining using unguided symbolic regression on a blast furnace dataset ; in this paper a data mining approach for variable selection and knowledge extraction from datasets is presented . the approach is based on unguided symbolic regression ( every variable present in the dataset is treated as the target variable in multiple regression runs ) and a novel variable relevance metric for genetic programming . the relevance of each input variable is calculated and a model approximating the target variable is cr ←
→ emergence of synchrony in an adaptive interaction model ; in a human - computer interaction context , we aim to elaborate an adaptive and generic interaction model in two different use cases : embodied conversational agents and creative musical agents for musical improvisation . to reach this goal , we ' ll try to use the concepts of adaptation and synchronization to enhance the interactive abilities of our agents and guide the development of our interaction model , and will try to make synchrony emerge from non - ver ←
→ localized lasso for high - dimensional regression ; we introduce the localized lasso , which is suited for learning models that are both interpretable and have a high predictive power in problems with high dimensionality $ d $ and small sample size $ n $. more specifically , we consider a function defined by local sparse models , one at each data point . we introduce sample - wise network regularization to borrow strength across the models , and sample - wise exclusive group sparsity ( a . k . a ., $\ ell_ { 1 , 2 }$ norm ) to introdu ←
→ topic modeling on health journals with regularized variational inference ; topic modeling enables exploration and compact representation of a corpus . the caringbridge ( cb ) dataset is a massive collection of journals written by patients and caregivers during a health crisis . topic modeling on the cb dataset , however , is challenging due to the asynchronous nature of multiple authors writing about their health journeys . to overcome this challenge we introduce the dynamic author - persona topic model ( dap ), a pro ←
→ density level set estimation on manifolds with dbscan ; we show that dbscan can estimate the connected components of the $\ lambda $- density level set $\{ x : f ( x ) \ ge \ lambda \}$ given $ n $ i . i . d . samples from an unknown density $ f $. we characterize the regularity of the level set boundaries using parameter $\ beta > 0 $ and analyze the estimation error under the hausdorff metric . when the data lies in $\ mathbb { r }^ d $ we obtain a rate of $\ widetilde { o }( n ^{- 1 /( 2 \ beta + d )})$, which matches known lower bounds up to ←
→ the frobenius anatomy of word meanings ii : possessive relative pronouns ; within the categorical compositional distributional model of meaning , we provide semantic interpretations for the subject and object roles of the possessive relative pronoun ` whose '. this is done in terms of frobenius algebras over compact closed categories . these algebras and their diagrammatic language expose how meanings of words in relative clauses interact with each other . we show how our interpretation is related to montague - sty ←
→ structure learning of partitioned markov networks ; we learn the structure of a markov network between two groups of random variables from joint observations . since modelling and learning the full mn structure may be hard , learning the links between two groups directly may be a preferable option . we introduce a novel concept called the \ emph { partitioned ratio } whose factorization directly associates with the markovian properties of random variables across two groups . a simple one - shot convex optimization pr ←
→ a probabilistic generative grammar for semantic parsing ; we present a framework that couples the syntax and semantics of natural language sentences in a generative model , in order to develop a semantic parser that jointly infers the syntactic , morphological , and semantic representations of a given sentence under the guidance of background knowledge . to generate a sentence in our framework , a semantic statement is first sampled from a prior , such as from a set of beliefs in a knowledge base . given this sema ←
→ semi - supervised approach to monitoring clinical depressive symptoms in social media ; with the rise of social media , millions of people are routinely expressing their moods , feelings , and daily struggles with mental health issues on social media platforms like twitter . unlike traditional observational cohort studies conducted through questionnaires and self - reported surveys , we explore the reliable detection of clinical depression from tweets obtained unobtrusively . based on the analysis of tweets crawled ←
→ end - to - end continuous speech recognition using attention - based recurrent nn : first results ; we replace the hidden markov model ( hmm ) which is traditionally used in in continuous speech recognition with a bi - directional recurrent neural network encoder coupled to a recurrent neural network decoder that directly emits a stream of phonemes . the alignment between the input and output sequences is established using an attention mechanism : the decoder emits each symbol based on a context created with a subset ←
→ factorbird - a parameter server approach to distributed matrix factorization ; we present factorbird , a prototype of a parameter server approach for factorizing large matrices with stochastic gradient descent - based algorithms . we designed factorbird to meet the following desiderata : ( a ) scalability to tall and wide matrices with dozens of billions of non - zeros , ( b ) extensibility to different kinds of models and loss functions as long as they can be optimized using stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ), and ( c ←
→ communication - efficient parallel belief propagation for latent dirichlet allocation ; this paper presents a novel communication - efficient parallel belief propagation ( ce - pbp ) algorithm for training latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ). based on the synchronous belief propagation ( bp ) algorithm , we first develop a parallel belief propagation ( pbp ) algorithm on the parallel architecture . because the extensive communication delay often causes a low efficiency of parallel topic modeling , we further use zipf ' s la ←
→ building a web - scale dependency - parsed corpus from commoncrawl ; we present depcc , the largest - to - date linguistically analyzed corpus in english including 365 million documents , composed of 252 billion tokens and 7 . 5 billion of named entity occurrences in 14 . 3 billion sentences from a web - scale crawl of the \ textsc { common crawl } project . the sentences are processed with a dependency parser and with a named entity tagger and contain provenance information , enabling various applications ranging from training ←
→ higher - order mrfs based image super resolution : why not map ? ; a trainable filter - based higher - order markov random fields ( mrfs ) model - the so called fields of experts ( foe ), has proved a highly effective image prior model for many classic image restoration problems . generally , two options are available to incorporate the learned foe prior in the inference procedure : ( 1 ) sampling - based minimum mean square error ( mmse ) estimate , and ( 2 ) energy minimization - based maximum a posteriori ( map ) estimate . this let ←
→ efficient model learning for human - robot collaborative tasks ; we present a framework for learning human user models from joint - action demonstrations that enables the robot to compute a robust policy for a collaborative task with a human . the learning takes place completely automatically , without any human intervention . first , we describe the clustering of demonstrated action sequences into different human types using an unsupervised learning algorithm . these demonstrated sequences are also used by the robo ←
→ within - brain classification for brain tumor segmentation ; purpose : in this paper , we investigate a framework for interactive brain tumor segmentation which , at its core , treats the problem of interactive brain tumor segmentation as a machine learning problem . methods : this method has an advantage over typical machine learning methods for this task where generalization is made across brains . the problem with these methods is that they need to deal with intensity bias correction and other mri - specific nois ←
→ client2vec : towards systematic baselines for banking applications ; the workflow of data scientists normally involves potentially inefficient processes such as data mining , feature engineering and model selection . recent research has focused on automating this workflow , partly or in its entirety , to improve productivity . we choose the former approach and in this paper share our experience in designing the client2vec : an internal library to rapidly build baselines for banking applications . client2vec uses ma ←
→ bias - driven revision of logical domain theories ; the theory revision problem is the problem of how best to go about revising a deficient domain theory using information contained in examples that expose inaccuracies . in this paper we present our approach to the theory revision problem for propositional domain theories . the approach described here , called ptr , uses probabilities associated with domain theory elements to numerically track the `` flow '' of proof through the theory . this allows us to measure th ←
→ a dual ascent framework for lagrangean decomposition of combinatorial problems ; we propose a general dual ascent framework for lagrangean decomposition of combinatorial problems . although methods of this type have shown their efficiency for a number of problems , so far there was no general algorithm applicable to multiple problem types . in his work , we propose such a general algorithm . it depends on several parameters , which can be used to optimize its performance in each particular setting . we demonstra ←
→ learning a sat solver from single - bit supervision ; we present neurosat , a message passing neural network that learns to solve sat problems after only being trained as a classifier to predict satisfiability . although it is not competitive with state - of - the - art sat solvers , neurosat can solve problems that are substantially larger and more difficult than it ever saw during training by simply running for more iterations . moreover , neurosat generalizes to novel distributions ; after training only on random sat ←
→ light field super - resolution using a low - rank prior and deep convolutional neural networks ; light field imaging has recently known a regain of interest due to the availability of practical light field capturing systems that offer a wide range of applications in the field of computer vision . however , capturing high - resolution light fields remains technologically challenging since the increase in angular resolution is often accompanied by a significant reduction in spatial resolution . this paper describes ←
→ unrestricted facial geometry reconstruction using image - to - image translation ; it has been recently shown that neural networks can recover the geometric structure of a face from a single given image . a common denominator of most existing face geometry reconstruction methods is the restriction of the solution space to some low - dimensional subspace . while such a model significantly simplifies the reconstruction problem , it is inherently limited in its expressiveness . as an alternative , we propose an image - t ←
→ linear time feature selection for regularized least - squares ; we propose a novel algorithm for greedy forward feature selection for regularized least - squares ( rls ) regression and classification , also known as the least - squares support vector machine or ridge regression . the algorithm , which we call greedy rls , starts from the empty feature set , and on each iteration adds the feature whose addition provides the best leave - one - out cross - validation performance . our method is considerably faster than the previo ←
→ deep view - sensitive pedestrian attribute inference in an end - to - end model ; pedestrian attribute inference is a demanding problem in visual surveillance that can facilitate person retrieval , search and indexing . to exploit semantic relations between attributes , recent research treats it as a multi - label image classification task . the visual cues hinting at attributes can be strongly localized and inference of person attributes such as hair , backpack , shorts , etc ., are highly dependent on the acquired view ←
→ efficient semidefinite spectral clustering via lagrange duality ; we propose an efficient approach to semidefinite spectral clustering ( ssc ), which addresses the frobenius normalization with the positive semidefinite ( p . s . d .) constraint for spectral clustering . compared with the original frobenius norm approximation based algorithm , the proposed algorithm can more accurately find the closest doubly stochastic approximation to the affinity matrix by considering the p . s . d . constraint . in this paper , ssc is fo ←
→ variance - aware regret bounds for undiscounted reinforcement learning in mdps ; the problem of reinforcement learning in an unknown and discrete markov decision process ( mdp ) under the average - reward criterion is considered , when the learner interacts with the system in a single stream of observations , starting from an initial state without any reset . we revisit the minimax lower bound for that problem by making appear the local variance of the bias function in place of the diameter of the mdp . furthermore ←
→ olé : orthogonal low - rank embedding , a plug and play geometric loss for deep learning ; deep neural networks trained using a softmax layer at the top and the cross - entropy loss are ubiquitous tools for image classification . yet , this does not naturally enforce intra - class similarity nor inter - class margin of the learned deep representations . to simultaneously achieve these two goals , different solutions have been proposed in the literature , such as the pairwise or triplet losses . however , such solutions ca ←
→ pairwise decomposition of image sequences for active multi - view recognition ; a multi - view image sequence provides a much richer capacity for object recognition than from a single image . however , most existing solutions to multi - view recognition typically adopt hand - crafted , model - based geometric methods , which do not readily embrace recent trends in deep learning . we propose to bring convolutional neural networks to generic multi - view recognition , by decomposing an image sequence into a set of image pair ←
→ untangling adaboost - based cost - sensitive classification . part ii : empirical analysis ; a lot of approaches , each following a different strategy , have been proposed in the literature to provide adaboost with cost - sensitive properties . in the first part of this series of two papers , we have presented these algorithms in a homogeneous notational framework , proposed a clustering scheme for them and performed a thorough theoretical analysis of those approaches with a fully theoretical foundation . the present p ←
→ bayesian history reconstruction of complex human gene clusters on a phylogeny ; clusters of genes that have evolved by repeated segmental duplication present difficult challenges throughout genomic analysis , from sequence assembly to functional analysis . improved understanding of these clusters is of utmost importance , since they have been shown to be the source of evolutionary innovation , and have been linked to multiple diseases , including hiv and a variety of cancers . previously , zhang et al . ( 2008 ) de ←
→ sparse , guided feature connections in an abstract deep network ; we present a technique for developing a network of re - used features , where the topology is formed using a coarse learning method , that allows gradient - descent fine tuning , known as an abstract deep network ( adn ). new features are built based on observed co - occurrences , and the network is maintained using a selection process related to evolutionary algorithms . this allows coarse ex - ploration of the problem space , effective for irregular domain ←
→ lexical normalisation of twitter data ; twitter with over 500 million users globally , generates over 100 , 000 tweets per minute . the 140 character limit per tweet , perhaps unintentionally , encourages users to use shorthand notations and to strip spellings to their bare minimum " syllables " or elisions e . g . " srsly ". the analysis of twitter messages which typically contain misspellings , elisions , and grammatical errors , poses a challenge to established natural language processing ( nlp ) tools which are generall ←
→ ai safety and reproducibility : establishing robust foundations for the neuroscience of human values ; we propose the creation of a systematic effort to identify and replicate key findings in neuroscience and allied fields related to understanding human values . our aim is to ensure that research underpinning the value alignment problem of artificial intelligence has been sufficiently validated to play a role in the design of ai systems .←
→ polynomial value iteration algorithms for detrerminstic mdps ; value iteration is a commonly used and empirically competitive method in solving many markov decision process problems . however , it is known that value iteration has only pseudo - polynomial complexity in general . we establish a somewhat surprising polynomial bound for value iteration on deterministic markov decision ( dmdp ) problems . we show that the basic value iteration procedure converges to the highest average reward cycle on a dmdp problem in ←
→ recurrent neural networks with limited numerical precision ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) produce state - of - art performance on many machine learning tasks but their demand on resources in terms of memory and computational power are often high . therefore , there is a great interest in optimizing the computations performed with these models especially when considering development of specialized low - power hardware for deep networks . one way of reducing the computational needs is to limit the numerical precis ←
→ did william shakespeare and thomas kyd write edward iii ? ; william shakespeare is believed to be a significant author in the anonymous play , the reign of king edward iii , published in 1596 . however , recently , thomas kyd , has been suggested as the primary author . using a neurolinguistics approach to authorship identification we use a four - feature technique , rpas , to convert the 19 scenes in edward iii into a multi - dimensional vector . three complementary analytical techniques are applied to cluster the data a ←
→ redundancy - free verbalization of individuals for ontology validation ; we investigate the problem of verbalizing web ontology language ( owl ) axioms of domain ontologies in this paper . the existing approaches address the problem of fidelity of verbalized owl texts to owl semantics by exploring different ways of expressing the same owl axiom in various linguistic forms . they also perform grouping and aggregating of the natural language ( nl ) sentences that are generated corresponding to each owl statement into ←
→ iterative bilateral filtering of polarimetric sar data ; in this paper , we introduce an iterative speckle filtering method for polarimetric sar ( polsar ) images based on the bilateral filter . to locally adapt to the spatial structure of images , this filter relies on pixel similarities in both spatial and radiometric domains . to deal with polarimetric data , we study the use of similarities based on a statistical distance called kullback - leibler divergence as well as two geodesic distances on riemannian manifo ←
→ delayed impact of fair machine learning ; fairness in machine learning has predominantly been studied in static classification settings without concern for how decisions change the underlying population over time . conventional wisdom suggests that fairness criteria promote the long - term well - being of those groups they aim to protect . we study how static fairness criteria interact with temporal indicators of well - being , such as long - term improvement , stagnation , and decline in a variable of interest . we de ←
→ a spiking network that learns to extract spike signatures from speech signals ; spiking neural networks ( snns ) with adaptive synapses reflect core properties of biological neural networks . speech recognition , as an application involving audio coding and dynamic learning , provides a good test problem to study snn functionality . we present a simple , novel , and efficient nonrecurrent snn that learns to convert a speech signal into a spike train signature . the signature is distinguishable from signatures for ←
→ normal integration : a survey ; the need for efficient normal integration methods is driven by several computer vision tasks such as shape - from - shading , photometric stereo , deflectometry , etc . in the first part of this survey , we select the most important properties that one may expect from a normal integration method , based on a thorough study of two pioneering works by horn and brooks [ 28 ] and by frankot and chellappa [ 19 ]. apart from accuracy , an integration method should at least be fast and robust to a ←
→ robust audio event recognition with 1 - max pooling convolutional neural networks ; we present in this paper a simple , yet efficient convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture for robust audio event recognition . opposing to deep cnn architectures with multiple convolutional and pooling layers topped up with multiple fully connected layers , the proposed network consists of only three layers : convolutional , pooling , and softmax layer . two further features distinguish it from the deep architectures that h ←
→ recurrent polynomial network for dialogue state tracking ; dialogue state tracking ( dst ) is a process to estimate the distribution of the dialogue states as a dialogue progresses . recent studies on constrained markov bayesian polynomial ( cmbp ) framework take the first step towards bridging the gap between rule - based and statistical approaches for dst . in this paper , the gap is further bridged by a novel framework -- recurrent polynomial network ( rpn ). rpn ' s unique structure enables the framework to have all ←
→ analysis of thompson sampling for the multi - armed bandit problem ; the multi - armed bandit problem is a popular model for studying exploration / exploitation trade - off in sequential decision problems . many algorithms are now available for this well - studied problem . one of the earliest algorithms , given by w . r . thompson , dates back to 1933 . this algorithm , referred to as thompson sampling , is a natural bayesian algorithm . the basic idea is to choose an arm to play according to its probability of being the best ←
→ simultaneous estimation of noise variance and number of peaks in bayesian spectral deconvolution ; the heuristic identification of peaks from noisy complex spectra often leads to misunderstanding of the physical and chemical properties of matter . in this paper , we propose a framework based on bayesian inference , which enables us to separate multipeak spectra into single peaks statistically and consists of two steps . the first step is estimating both the noise variance and the number of peaks as hyperparam ←
→ multiple - object tracking in cluttered and crowded public spaces ; this paper addresses the problem of tracking moving objects of variable appearance in challenging scenes rich with features and texture . reliable tracking is of pivotal importance in surveillance applications . it is made particularly difficult by the nature of objects encountered in such scenes : these too change in appearance and scale , and are often articulated ( e . g . humans ). we propose a method which uses fast motion detection and segmentat ←
→ differentially - private logistic regression for detecting multiple - snp association in gwas databases ; following the publication of an attack on genome - wide association studies ( gwas ) data proposed by homer et al ., considerable attention has been given to developing methods for releasing gwas data in a privacy - preserving way . here , we develop an end - to - end differentially private method for solving regression problems with convex penalty functions and selecting the penalty parameters by cross - validation . in ←
→ code completion with neural attention and pointer networks ; intelligent code completion has become an essential tool to accelerate modern software development . to facilitate effective code completion for dynamically - typed programming languages , we apply neural language models by learning from large codebases , and investigate the effectiveness of attention mechanism on the code completion task . however , standard neural language models even with attention mechanism cannot correctly predict out - of - vocabulary ←
→ on the clustering aspect of nonnegative matrix factorization ; this paper provides a theoretical explanation on the clustering aspect of nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ). we prove that even without imposing orthogonality nor sparsity constraint on the basis and / or coefficient matrix , nmf still can give clustering results , thus providing a theoretical support for many works , e . g ., xu et al . [ 1 ] and kim et al . [ 2 ], that show the superiority of the standard nmf as a clustering method .←
→ reducing crowdsourcing to graphon estimation , statistically ; inferring the correct answers to binary tasks based on multiple noisy answers in an unsupervised manner has emerged as the canonical question for micro - task crowdsourcing or more generally aggregating opinions . in graphon estimation , one is interested in estimating edge intensities or probabilities between nodes using a single snapshot of a graph realization . in the recent literature , there has been exciting development within both of these topic ←
→ civique : using social media to detect urban emergencies ; we present the civique system for emergency detection in urban areas by monitoring micro blogs like tweets . the system detects emergency related events , and classifies them into appropriate categories like " fire ", " accident ", " earthquake ", etc . we demonstrate our ideas by classifying twitter posts in real time , visualizing the ongoing event on a map interface and alerting users with options to contact relevant authorities , both online and offline . we ←
→ spatiotemporal stacked sequential learning for pedestrian detection ; pedestrian classifiers decide which image windows contain a pedestrian . in practice , such classifiers provide a relatively high response at neighbor windows overlapping a pedestrian , while the responses around potential false positives are expected to be lower . an analogous reasoning applies for image sequences . if there is a pedestrian located within a frame , the same pedestrian is expected to appear close to the same location in neighbo ←
→ improved dynamic schedules for belief propagation ; belief propagation and its variants are popular methods for approximate inference , but their running time and even their convergence depend greatly on the schedule used to send the messages . recently , dynamic update schedules have been shown to converge much faster on hard networks than static schedules , namely the residual bp schedule of elidan et al . [ 2006 ]. but that rbp algorithm wastes message updates : many messages are computed solely to determine the ←
→ higher order programming to mine knowledge for a modern medical expert system ; knowledge mining is the process of deriving new and useful knowledge from vast volumes of data and background knowledge . modern healthcare organizations regularly generate huge amount of electronic data stored in the databases . these data are a valuable resource for mining useful knowledge to help medical practitioners making appropriate and accurate decision on the diagnosis and treatment of diseases . in this paper , we propos ←
→ recognition of changes in sar images based on gauss - log ratio and mrffcm ; a modified version of mrffcm ( markov random field fuzzy c means ) based sar ( synthetic aperture radar ) image change detection method is proposed in this paper . it involves three steps : difference image ( di ) generation by using gauss - log ratio operator , speckle noise reduction by srad ( speckle reducing anisotropic diffusion ), and the detection of changed regions by using mrffcm . the proposed method is compared with existing methods suc ←
→ planning over chain causal graphs for variables with domains of size 5 is np - hard ; recently , considerable focus has been given to the problem of determining the boundary between tractable and intractable planning problems . in this paper , we study the complexity of planning in the class c_n of planning problems , characterized by unary operators and directed path causal graphs . although this is one of the simplest forms of causal graphs a planning problem can have , we show that planning is intractable for ←
→ the importance of being recurrent for modeling hierarchical structure ; recent work has shown that recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) can implicitly capture and exploit hierarchical information when trained to solve common natural language processing tasks such as language modeling ( linzen et al ., 2016 ) and neural machine translation ( shi et al ., 2016 ). in contrast , the ability to model structured data with non - recurrent neural networks has received little attention despite their success in many nlp tasks ( ge ←
→ nested expectation propagation for gaussian process classification with a multinomial probit likelihood ; we consider probabilistic multinomial probit classification using gaussian process ( gp ) priors . the challenges with the multiclass gp classification are the integration over the non - gaussian posterior distribution , and the increase of the number of unknown latent variables as the number of target classes grows . expectation propagation ( ep ) has proven to be a very accurate method for approximate infere ←
→ structural connectome validation using pairwise classification ; in this work , we study the extent to which structural connectomes and topological derivative measures are unique to individual changes within human brains . to do so , we classify structural connectome pairs from two large longitudinal datasets as either belonging to the same individual or not . our data is comprised of 227 individuals from the alzheimer ' s disease neuroimaging initiative ( adni ) and 226 from the parkinson ' s progression markers ini ←
→ the interplay between system identification and machine learning ; learning from examples is one of the key problems in science and engineering . it deals with function reconstruction from a finite set of direct and noisy samples . regularization in reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ( rkhss ) is widely used to solve this task and includes powerful estimators such as regularization networks . recent achievements include the proof of the statistical consistency of these kernel - based approaches . parallel to this , ←
→ storing cycles in hopfield - type networks with pseudoinverse learning rule : admissibility and network topology ; cyclic patterns of neuronal activity are ubiquitous in animal nervous systems , and partially responsible for generating and controlling rhythmic movements such as locomotion , respiration , swallowing and so on . clarifying the role of the network connectivities for generating cyclic patterns is fundamental for understanding the generation of rhythmic movements . in this paper , the storage of binary ←
→ a latent source model for patch - based image segmentation ; despite the popularity and empirical success of patch - based nearest - neighbor and weighted majority voting approaches to medical image segmentation , there has been no theoretical development on when , why , and how well these nonparametric methods work . we bridge this gap by providing a theoretical performance guarantee for nearest - neighbor and weighted majority voting segmentation under a new probabilistic model for patch - based image segmentation . our ←
→ mining public opinion about economic issues : twitter and the u . s . presidential election ; opinion polls have been the bridge between public opinion and politicians in elections . however , developing surveys to disclose people ' s feedback with respect to economic issues is limited , expensive , and time - consuming . in recent years , social media such as twitter has enabled people to share their opinions regarding elections . social media has provided a platform for collecting a large amount of social media data . ←
→ super - resolution using constrained deep texture synthesis ; hallucinating high frequency image details in single image super - resolution is a challenging task . traditional super - resolution methods tend to produce oversmoothed output images due to the ambiguity in mapping between low and high resolution patches . we build on recent success in deep learning based texture synthesis and show that this rich feature space can facilitate successful transfer and synthesis of high frequency image details to improve th ←
→ standing wave decomposition gaussian process ; we propose a standing wave decomposition ( swd ) approximation to gaussian process regression ( gp ). gp involves a costly matrix inversion operation , which limits applicability to large data analysis . for an input space that can be approximated by a grid and when correlations among data are short - ranged , the kernel matrix inversion can be replaced by analytic diagonalization using the swd . we show that this approach applies to uni - and multi - dimensional input data ←
→ intuitions and the modelling of defeasible reasoning : some case studies ; the purpose of this paper is to address some criticisms recently raised by john horty in two articles against the validity of two commonly accepted defeasible reasoning patterns , viz . reinstatement and floating conclusions . i shall argue that horty ' s counterexamples , although they significantly raise our understanding of these reasoning patterns , do not show their invalidity . some of them reflect patterns which , if made explicit in th ←
→ multi - scale saliency detection using dictionary learning ; saliency detection has drawn a lot of attention of researchers in various fields over the past several years . saliency is the perceptual quality that makes an object , person to draw the attention of humans at the very sight . salient object detection in an image has been used centrally in many computational photography and computer vision applications like video compression , object recognition and classification , object segmentation , adaptive content ←
→ exploiting deep residual networks for human action recognition from skeletal data ; the computer vision community is currently focusing on solving action recognition problems in real videos , which contain thousands of samples with many challenges . in this process , deep convolutional neural networks ( d - cnns ) have played a significant role in advancing the state - of - the - art in various vision - based action recognition systems . recently , the introduction of residual connections in conjunction with a more tradit ←
→ learning a fully convolutional network for object recognition using very few data ; in recent years , data - driven methods have shown great success for extracting information about the infrastruc - ture in urban areas . these algorithms are usually trained on large datasets consisting of thousands or millions of labeled training examples . while large datasets have been published regarding cars , for cyclists very few labeled data is available although appearance , point of view , and positioning of even relevant ←
→ fast x - ray ct image reconstruction using the linearized augmented lagrangian method with ordered subsets ; the augmented lagrangian ( al ) method that solves convex optimization problems with linear constraints has drawn more attention recently in imaging applications due to its decomposable structure for composite cost functions and empirical fast convergence rate under weak conditions . however , for problems such as x - ray computed tomography ( ct ) image reconstruction and large - scale sparse regression with ←
→ towards end - to - end learning for dialog state tracking and management using deep reinforcement learning ; this paper presents an end - to - end framework for task - oriented dialog systems using a variant of deep recurrent q - networks ( drqn ). the model is able to interface with a relational database and jointly learn policies for both language understanding and dialog strategy . moreover , we propose a hybrid algorithm that combines the strength of reinforcement learning and supervised learning to achieve faster le ←
→ fine - grained categorization -- short summary of our entry for the imagenet challenge 2012 ; in this paper , we tackle the problem of visual categorization of dog breeds , which is a surprisingly challenging task due to simultaneously present low interclass distances and high intra - class variances . our approach combines several techniques well known in our community but often not utilized for fine - grained recognition : ( 1 ) automatic segmentation , ( 2 ) efficient part detection , and ( 3 ) combination of multiple ←
→ object recognition system design in computer vision : a universal approach ; the first contribution of this paper is architecture of a multipurpose system , which delegates a range of object detection tasks to a classifier , applied in special grid positions of the tested image . the second contribution is gray level - radius co - occurrence matrix , which describes local image texture and topology and , unlike common second order statistics methods , is robust to image resolution . the third contribution is a parame ←
→ semantic unification a sheaf theoretic approach to natural language ; language is contextual and sheaf theory provides a high level mathematical framework to model contextuality . we show how sheaf theory can model the contextual nature of natural language and how gluing can be used to provide a global semantics for a discourse by putting together the local logical semantics of each sentence within the discourse . we introduce a presheaf structure corresponding to a basic form of discourse representation stru ←
→ ibmms decision support tool for management of bank telemarketing campaigns ; although direct marketing is a good method for banks to utilize in the face of global competition and the financial crisis , it has been shown to exhibit poor performance . however , there are some drawbacks to direct campaigns , such as those related to improving the negative attributes that customers ascribe to banks . to overcome these problems , attractive long - term deposit campaigns should be organized and managed more effectively ←
→ place classification with a graph regularized deep neural network model ; place classification is a fundamental ability that a robot should possess to carry out effective human - robot interactions . it is a nontrivial classification problem which has attracted many research . in recent years , there is a high exploitation of artificial intelligent algorithms in robotics applications . inspired by the recent successes of deep learning methods , we propose an end - to - end learning approach for the place classificatio ←
→ clustering multidimensional data with pso based algorithm ; data clustering is a recognized data analysis method in data mining whereas k - means is the well known partitional clustering method , possessing pleasant features . we observed that , k - means and other partitional clustering techniques suffer from several limitations such as initial cluster centre selection , preknowledge of number of clusters , dead unit problem , multiple cluster membership and premature convergence to local optima . several optimizatio ←
→ building the signature of set theory using the mathsem program ; knowledge representation is a popular research field in it . as mathematical knowledge is most formalized , its representation is important and interesting . mathematical knowledge consists of various mathematical theories . in this paper we consider a deductive system that derives mathematical notions , axioms and theorems . all these notions , axioms and theorems can be considered as the part of elementary set theory . this theory will be represente ←
→ scalable probabilistic databases with factor graphs and mcmc ; probabilistic databases play a crucial role in the management and understanding of uncertain data . however , incorporating probabilities into the semantics of incomplete databases has posed many challenges , forcing systems to sacrifice modeling power , scalability , or restrict the class of relational algebra formula under which they are closed . we propose an alternative approach where the underlying relational database always represents a single w ←
→ semantic technology - assisted review ( star ) document analysis and monitoring using random vectors ; the review and analysis of large collections of documents and the periodic monitoring of new additions thereto has greatly benefited from new developments in computer software . this paper demonstrates how using random vectors to construct a low - dimensional euclidean space embedding words and documents enables fast and accurate computation of semantic similarities between them . with this technique of semantic ←
→ constructing abstraction hierarchies using a skill - symbol loop ; we describe a framework for building abstraction hierarchies whereby an agent alternates skill - and representation - acquisition phases to construct a sequence of increasingly abstract markov decision processes . our formulation builds on recent results showing that the appropriate abstract representation of a problem is specified by the agent ' s skills . we describe how such a hierarchy can be used for fast planning , and illustrate the constructio ←
→ transfer learning across networks for collective classification ; this paper addresses the problem of transferring useful knowledge from a source network to predict node labels in a newly formed target network . while existing transfer learning research has primarily focused on vector - based data , in which the instances are assumed to be independent and identically distributed , how to effectively transfer knowledge across different information networks has not been well studied , mainly because networks may ha ←
→ analysis of nonautonomous adversarial systems ; generative adversarial networks are used to generate images but still their convergence properties are not well understood . there have been a few studies who intended to investigate the stability properties of gans as a dynamical system . this short writing can be seen in that direction . among the proposed methods for stabilizing training of gans , {\ ss }- gan was the first who proposed a complete annealing strategy to change high - level conditions of the gan objec ←
→ integral biomathics : a post - newtonian view into the logos of bios ( on the new meaning , relations and principles of life in science ) ; this work is an attempt for a state - of - the - art survey of natural and life sciences with the goal to define the scope and address the central questions of an original research program . it is focused on the phenomena of emergence , adaptive dynamics and evolution of self - assembling , self - organizing , self - maintaining and self - replicating biosynthetic systems viewed from a newly ←
→ semi supervised preposition - sense disambiguation using multilingual data ; prepositions are very common and very ambiguous , and understanding their sense is critical for understanding the meaning of the sentence . supervised corpora for the preposition - sense disambiguation task are small , suggesting a semi - supervised approach to the task . we show that signals from unannotated multilingual data can be used to improve supervised preposition - sense disambiguation . our approach pre - trains an lstm encoder for pred ←
→ pac - bayes mini - tutorial : a continuous union bound ; when i first encountered pac - bayesian concentration inequalities they seemed to me to be rather disconnected from good old - fashioned results like hoeffding ' s and bernstein ' s inequalities . but , at least for one flavour of the pac - bayesian bounds , there is actually a very close relation , and the main innovation is a continuous version of the union bound , along with some ingenious applications . here ' s the gist of what ' s going on , presented from a machine lear ←
→ embedded - graph theory ; in this paper , we propose a new type of graph , denoted as " embedded - graph ", and its theory , which employs a distributed representation to describe the relations on the graph edges . embedded - graphs can express linguistic and complicated relations , which cannot be expressed by the existing edge - graphs or weighted - graphs . we introduce the mathematical definition of embedded - graph , translation , edge distance , and graph similarity . we can transform an embedded - graph into a weighted - graph ←
→ pair - linking for collective entity disambiguation : two could be better than all ; collective entity disambiguation , or collective entity linking aims to jointly resolve multiple mentions by linking them to their associated entities in a knowledge base . previous works largely based on the underlying assumption that entities within the same document are highly related . however , the extend to which these mentioned entities are actually connected in reality is rarely studied and therefore raises interesting r ←
→ towards moral autonomous systems ; both the ethics of autonomous systems and the problems of their technical implementation have by now been studied in some detail . less attention has been given to the areas in which these two separate concerns meet . this paper , written by both philosophers and engineers of autonomous systems , addresses a number of issues in machine ethics that are located at precisely the intersection between ethics and engineering . we first discuss the main challenges which , in our view , ←
→ ada : a game - theoretic perspective on data augmentation for object detection ; the use of random perturbations of ground truth data , such as random translation or scaling of bounding boxes , is a common heuristic used for data augmentation that has been shown to prevent overfitting and improve generalization . since the design of data augmentation is largely guided by reported best practices , it is difficult to understand if those design choices are optimal . to provide a more principled perspective , we devel ←
→ about updating ; survey of several forms of updating , with a practical illustrative example . we study several updating ( conditioning ) schemes that emerge naturally from a common scenarion to provide some insights into their meaning . updating is a subtle operation and there is no single method , no single ' good ' rule . the choice of the appropriate rule must always be given due consideration . planchet ( 1989 ) presents a mathematical survey of many rules . we focus on the practical meaning of these rules . after s ←
→ distributed revision of belief commitment in multi - hypothesis interpretations ; this paper extends the applications of belief - networks to include the revision of belief commitments , i . e ., the categorical acceptance of a subset of hypotheses which , together , constitute the most satisfactory explanation of the evidence at hand . a coherent model of non - monotonic reasoning is established and distributed algorithms for belief revision are presented . we show that , in singly connected networks , the most satisfac ←
→ synthesis of stochastic flow networks ; a stochastic flow network is a directed graph with incoming edges ( inputs ) and outgoing edges ( outputs ), tokens enter through the input edges , travel stochastically in the network , and can exit the network through the output edges . each node in the network is a splitter , namely , a token can enter a node through an incoming edge and exit on one of the output edges according to a predefined probability distribution . stochastic flow networks can be easily implemented by ←
→ genetic architect : discovering genomic structure with learned neural architectures ; each human genome is a 3 billion base pair set of encoding instructions . decoding the genome using deep learning fundamentally differs from most tasks , as we do not know the full structure of the data and therefore cannot design architectures to suit it . as such , architectures that fit the structure of genomics should be learned not prescribed . here , we develop a novel search algorithm , applicable across domains , that dis ←
→ on deterministic conditions for subspace clustering under missing data ; in this paper we present deterministic conditions for success of sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ) under missing data , when data is assumed to come from a union of subspaces ( uos ) model . we consider two algorithms , which are variants of ssc with entry - wise zero - filling that differ in terms of the optimization problems used to find affinity matrix for spectral clustering . for both the algorithms , we provide deterministic conditions for a ←
→ off - line handwritten signature retrieval using curvelet transforms ; in this paper , a new method for offline handwritten signature retrieval is based on curvelet transform is proposed . many applications in image processing require similarity retrieval of an image from a large collection of images . in such cases , image indexing becomes important for efficient organization and retrieval of images . this paper addresses this issue in the context of a database of handwritten signature images and describes a syst ←
→ anomaly detection in multivariate non - stationary time series for automatic dbms diagnosis ; anomaly detection in database management systems ( dbmss ) is difficult because of increasing number of statistics ( stat ) and event metrics in big data system . in this paper , i propose an automatic dbms diagnosis system that detects anomaly periods with abnormal db stat metrics and finds causal events in the periods . reconstruction error from deep autoencoder and statistical process control approach are applied to de ←
→ performing bayesian risk aggregation using discrete approximation algorithms with graph factorization ; risk aggregation is a popular method used to estimate the sum of a collection of financial assets or events , where each asset or event is modelled as a random variable . applications , in the financial services industry , include insurance , operational risk , stress testing , and sensitivity analysis , but the problem is widely encountered in many other application domains . this thesis has contributed two alg ←
→ deep multi - camera people detection ; this paper addresses the problem of multi - view people occupancy map estimation . existing solutions for this problem either operate per - view , or rely on a background subtraction pre - processing . both approaches lessen the detection performance as scenes become more crowded . the former does not exploit joint information , whereas the latter deals with ambiguous input due to the foreground blobs becoming more and more interconnected as the number of targets increases . altho ←
→ quantitative analysis of patch - based fully convolutional neural networks for tissue segmentation on brain magnetic resonance imaging ; accurate brain tissue segmentation in magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) has attracted the attention of medical doctors and researchers since variations in tissue volume help in diagnosing and monitoring neurological diseases . several proposals have been designed throughout the years comprising conventional machine learning strategies as well as convolutional neural networks ←
→ functional correspondence by matrix completion ; in this paper , we consider the problem of finding dense intrinsic correspondence between manifolds using the recently introduced functional framework . we pose the functional correspondence problem as matrix completion with manifold geometric structure and inducing functional localization with the $ l_1 $ norm . we discuss efficient numerical procedures for the solution of our problem . our method compares favorably to the accuracy of state - of - the - art corresponden ←
→ mitigating asymmetric nonlinear weight update effects in hardware neural network based on analog resistive synapse ; asymmetric nonlinear weight update is considered as one of the major obstacles for realizing hardware neural networks based on analog resistive synapses because it significantly compromises the online training capability . this paper provides new solutions to this critical issue through co - optimization with the hardware - applicable deep - learning algorithms . new insights on engineering activat ←
→ generating shortest synchronizing sequences using answer set programming ; for a finite state automaton , a synchronizing sequence is an input sequence that takes all the states to the same state . checking the existence of a synchronizing sequence and finding a synchronizing sequence , if one exists , can be performed in polynomial time . however , the problem of finding a shortest synchronizing sequence is known to be np - hard . in this work , the usefulness of answer set programming to solve this optimization pro ←
→ on the monotonization of the training set ; we consider the problem of minimal correction of the training set to make it consistent with monotonic constraints . this problem arises during analysis of data sets via techniques that require monotone data . we show that this problem is np - hard in general and is equivalent to finding a maximal independent set in special orgraphs . practically important cases of that problem considered in detail . these are the cases when a partial order given on the replies set is a ←
→ a tight upper bound on the number of candidate patterns ; in the context of mining for frequent patterns using the standard levelwise algorithm , the following question arises : given the current level and the current set of frequent patterns , what is the maximal number of candidate patterns that can be generated on the next level ? we answer this question by providing a tight upper bound , derived from a combinatorial result from the sixties by kruskal and katona . our result is useful to reduce the number of d ←
→ adaptive scan gibbs sampler for large scale inference problems ; for large scale on - line inference problems the update strategy is critical for performance . we derive an adaptive scan gibbs sampler that optimizes the update frequency by selecting an optimum mini - batch size . we demonstrate performance of our adaptive batch - size gibbs sampler by comparing it against the collapsed gibbs sampler for bayesian lasso , dirichlet process mixture models ( dpmm ) and latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) graphical models .←
→ perception lie paradox : mathematically proved uncertainty about humans perception similarity ; agents ' judgment depends on perception and previous knowledge . assuming that previous knowledge depends on perception , we can say that judgment depends on perception . so , if judgment depends on perception , can agents judge that they have the same perception ? in few words , this is the addressed paradox through this document . while illustrating on the paradox , it ' s found that to reach agreement in communication , i ←
→ deep motion features for visual tracking ; robust visual tracking is a challenging computer vision problem , with many real - world applications . most existing approaches employ hand - crafted appearance features , such as hog or color names . recently , deep rgb features extracted from convolutional neural networks have been successfully applied for tracking . despite their success , these features only capture appearance information . on the other hand , motion cues provide discriminative and complementary informatio ←
→ deep information networks ; we describe a novel classifier with a tree structure , designed using information theory concepts . this information network is made of information nodes , that compress the input data , and multiplexers , that connect two or more input nodes to an output node . each information node is trained , independently of the others , to minimize a local cost function that minimizes the mutual information between its input and output with the constraint of keeping a given mutual information betwe ←
→ visual - inertial - semantic scene representation for 3 - d object detection ; we describe a system to detect objects in three - dimensional space using video and inertial sensors ( accelerometer and gyrometer ), ubiquitous in modern mobile platforms from phones to drones . inertials afford the ability to impose class - specific scale priors for objects , and provide a global orientation reference . a minimal sufficient representation , the posterior of semantic ( identity ) and syntactic ( pose ) attributes of objects in spac ←
→ quantization and training of neural networks for efficient integer - arithmetic - only inference ; the rising popularity of intelligent mobile devices and the daunting computational cost of deep learning - based models call for efficient and accurate on - device inference schemes . we propose a quantization scheme that allows inference to be carried out using integer - only arithmetic , which can be implemented more efficiently than floating point inference on commonly available integer - only hardware . we also co - desi ←
→ quantum computers ; this research paper gives an overview of quantum computers - description of their operation , differences between quantum and silicon computers , major construction problems of a quantum computer and many other basic aspects . no special scientific knowledge is necessary for the reader .←
→ design and optimization of a speech recognition front - end for distant - talking control of a music playback device ; this paper addresses the challenging scenario for the distant - talking control of a music playback device , a common portable speaker with four small loudspeakers in close proximity to one microphone . the user controls the device through voice , where the speech - to - music ratio can be as low as - 30 db during music playback . we propose a speech enhancement front - end that relies on known robust met ←
→ dependence structure estimation via copula ; we propose a new framework for dependence structure learning via copula . copula is a statistical theory on dependence and measurement of association . graphical models are considered as a type of special case of copula families , named product copula . in this paper , a nonparametric algorithm for copula estimation is presented . then a chow - liu like method based on dependence measure via copula is proposed to estimate maximum spanning product copula with only bivaria ←
→ situation recognition with graph neural networks ; we address the problem of recognizing situations in images . given an image , the task is to predict the most salient verb ( action ), and fill its semantic roles such as who is performing the action , what is the source and target of the action , etc . different verbs have different roles ( e . g . attacking has weapon ), and each role can take on many possible values ( nouns ). we propose a model based on graph neural networks that allows us to efficiently capture join ←
→ hypotheses testing on infinite random graphs ; drawing on some recent results that provide the formalism necessary to definite stationarity for infinite random graphs , this paper initiates the study of statistical and learning questions pertaining to these objects . specifically , a criterion for the existence of a consistent test for complex hypotheses is presented , generalizing the corresponding results on time series . as an application , it is shown how one can test that a tree has the markov property , or , ←
→ convolutional neural network on three orthogonal planes for dynamic texture classification ; dynamic textures ( dts ) are sequences of images of moving scenes that exhibit certain stationarity properties in time such as smoke , vegetation and fire . the analysis of dt is important for recognition , segmentation , synthesis or retrieval for a range of applications including surveillance , medical imaging and remote sensing . deep learning methods have shown impressive results and are now the new state of the art f ←
→ one - class semi - supervised learning : detecting linearly separable class by its mean ; in this paper , we presented a novel semi - supervised one - class classification algorithm which assumes that class is linearly separable from other elements . we proved theoretically that class is linearly separable if and only if it is maximal by probability within the sets with the same mean . furthermore , we presented an algorithm for identifying such linearly separable class utilizing linear programming . we described three ←
→ unmixing incoherent structures of big data by randomized or greedy decomposition ; learning big data by matrix decomposition always suffers from expensive computation , mixing of complicated structures and noise . in this paper , we study more adaptive models and efficient algorithms that decompose a data matrix as the sum of semantic components with incoherent structures . we firstly introduce " go decomposition ( godec )", an alternating projection method estimating the low - rank part $ l $ and the sparse part $ s ←
→ non - linear label ranking for large - scale prediction of long - term user interests ; we consider the problem of personalization of online services from the viewpoint of ad targeting , where we seek to find the best ad categories to be shown to each user , resulting in improved user experience and increased advertisers ' revenue . we propose to address this problem as a task of ranking the ad categories depending on a user ' s preference , and introduce a novel label ranking approach capable of efficiently learning ←
→ implementation of deep convolutional neural network in multi - class categorical image classification ; convolutional neural networks has been implemented in many complex machine learning takes such as image classification , object identification , autonomous vehicle and robotic vision tasks . however , convnet architecture efficiency and accuracy depend on a large number of fac - tors . also , the complex architecture requires a significant amount of data to train and involves with a large number of hyperparamete ←
→ convolutional kernel networks ; an important goal in visual recognition is to devise image representations that are invariant to particular transformations . in this paper , we address this goal with a new type of convolutional neural network ( cnn ) whose invariance is encoded by a reproducing kernel . unlike traditional approaches where neural networks are learned either to represent data or for solving a classification task , our network learns to approximate the kernel feature map on training data . such an ap ←
→ a study of actor and action semantic retention in video supervoxel segmentation ; existing methods in the semantic computer vision community seem unable to deal with the explosion and richness of modern , open - source and social video content . although sophisticated methods such as object detection or bag - of - words models have been well studied , they typically operate on low level features and ultimately suffer from either scalability issues or a lack of semantic meaning . on the other hand , video supervoxel ←
→ multi - domain neural network language generation for spoken dialogue systems ; moving from limited - domain natural language generation ( nlg ) to open domain is difficult because the number of semantic input combinations grows exponentially with the number of domains . therefore , it is important to leverage existing resources and exploit similarities between domains to facilitate domain adaptation . in this paper , we propose a procedure to train multi - domain , recurrent neural network - based ( rnn ) language genera ←
→ deep tensor encoding ; learning an encoding of feature vectors in terms of an over - complete dictionary or a information geometric ( fisher vectors ) construct is wide - spread in statistical signal processing and computer vision . in content based information retrieval using deep - learning classifiers , such encodings are learnt on the flattened last layer , without adherence to the multi - linear structure of the underlying feature tensor . we illustrate a variety of feature encodings incl . sparse dictionary coding a ←
→ less is more : learning prominent and diverse topics for data summarization ; statistical topic models efficiently facilitate the exploration of large - scale data sets . many models have been developed and broadly used to summarize the semantic structure in news , science , social media , and digital humanities . however , a common and practical objective in data exploration tasks is not to enumerate all existing topics , but to quickly extract representative ones that broadly cover the content of the corpus , i . e .←
→ fine - grained event learning of human - object interaction with lstm - crf ; event learning is one of the most important problems in ai . however , notwithstanding significant research efforts , it is still a very complex task , especially when the events involve the interaction of humans or agents with other objects , as it requires modeling human kinematics and object movements . this study proposes a methodology for learning complex human - object interaction ( hoi ) events , involving the recording , annotation and clas ←
→ hierarchical rnn with static sentence - level attention for text - based speaker change detection ; traditional speaker change detection in dialogues is typically based on audio input . in some scenarios , however , researchers can only obtain text , and do not have access to raw audio signals . moreover , with the increasing need of deep semantic processing , text - based dialogue understanding is attracting more attention in the community . these raise the problem of text - based speaker change detection . in this paper ←
→ disentangling factors of variation by mixing them ; we propose an unsupervised approach to learn image representations that consist of disentangled factors of variation . a factor of variation corresponds to an image attribute that can be discerned consistently across a set of images , such as the pose or color of objects . our disentangled representation consists of a concatenation of feature chunks , each chunk representing a factor of variation . it supports applications such as transferring attributes from o ←
→ the phaselift for non - quadratic gaussian measurements ; we study the problem of recovering a structured signal $\ mathbf { x } _0 $ from high - dimensional measurements of the form $ y = f (\ mathbf { a }^ t \ mathbf { x } _0 )$ for some nonlinear function $ f $. when the measurement vector $\ mathbf a $ is iid gaussian , brillinger observed in his 1982 paper that $\ mu_ \ ell \ cdot \ mathbf { x } _0 = \ min_ {\ mathbf { x }}\ mathbb { e }( y - \ mathbf { a }^ t \ mathbf { x })^ 2 $, where $\ mu_ \ ell =\ mathbb { e } _ {\ gamma }[\ gamma f (\ gamma )]$ with $\ gamma $ being a standard ←
→ latent relational metric learning via memory - based attention for collaborative ranking ; this paper proposes a new neural architecture for collaborative ranking with implicit feedback . our model , lrml (\ textit { latent relational metric learning }) is a novel metric learning approach for recommendation . more specifically , instead of simple push - pull mechanisms between user and item pairs , we propose to learn latent relations that describe each user item interaction . this helps to alleviate the potential geom ←
→ learning to pivot with adversarial networks ; several techniques for domain adaptation have been proposed to account for differences in the distribution of the data used for training and testing . the majority of this work focuses on a binary domain label . similar problems occur in a scientific context where there may be a continuous family of plausible data generation processes associated to the presence of systematic uncertainties . robust inference is possible if it is based on a pivot -- a quantity whose ←
→ image splicing localization using a multi - task fully convolutional network ( mfcn ) ; in this work , we propose a technique that utilizes a fully convolutional network ( fcn ) to localize image splicing attacks . we first evaluated a single - task fcn ( sfcn ) trained only on the surface label . although the sfcn is shown to provide superior performance over existing methods , it still provides a coarse localization output in certain cases . therefore , we propose the use of a multi - task fcn ( mfcn ) that utilizes two ou ←
→ causal inference by identification of vector autoregressive processes with hidden components ; a widely applied approach to causal inference from a non - experimental time series $ x $, often referred to as "( linear ) granger causal analysis ", is to regress present on past and interpret the regression matrix $\ hat { b }$ causally . however , if there is an unmeasured time series $ z $ that influences $ x $, then this approach can lead to wrong causal conclusions , i . e ., distinct from those one would draw if one had addi ←
→ the exact solution to rank - 1 l1 - norm tucker2 decomposition ; we study rank - 1 { l1 - norm - based tucker2 } ( l1 - tucker2 ) decomposition of 3 - way tensors , treated as a collection of $ n $ $ d \ times m $ matrices that are to be jointly decomposed . our contributions are as follows . i ) we prove that the problem is equivalent to combinatorial optimization over $ n $ antipodal - binary variables . ii ) we derive the first two algorithms in the literature for its exact solution . the first algorithm has cost exponential in $ n $; the ←
→ on - line recognition of handwritten mathematical symbols ; finding the name of an unknown symbol is often hard , but writing the symbol is easy . this bachelor ' s thesis presents multiple systems that use the pen trajectory to classify handwritten symbols . five preprocessing steps , one data augmentation algorithm , five features and five variants for multilayer perceptron training were evaluated using 166898 recordings which were collected with two crowdsourcing projects . the evaluation results of these 21 exper ←
→ replication and generalization of precise ; this report describes an initial replication study of the precise system and develops a clearer , more formal description of the approach . based on our evaluation , we conclude that the precise results do not fully replicate . however the formalization developed here suggests a road map to further enhance and extend the approach pioneered by precise . after a long , productive discussion with ana - maria popescu ( one of the authors of precise ) we got more clarity on th ←
→ convergence analysis of optimization algorithms ; the regret bound of an optimization algorithms is one of the basic criteria for evaluating the performance of the given algorithm . by inspecting the differences between the regret bounds of traditional algorithms and adaptive one , we provide a guide for choosing an optimizer with respect to the given data set and the loss function . for analysis , we assume that the loss function is convex and its gradient is lipschitz continuous .←
→ multi - sensor slope change detection ; we develop a mixture procedure for multi - sensor systems to monitor data streams for a change - point that causes a gradual degradation to a subset of the streams . observations are assumed to be initially normal random variables with known constant means and variances . after the change - point , observations in the subset will have increasing or decreasing means . the subset and the rate - of - changes are unknown . our procedure uses a mixture statistics , which assumes that each s ←
→ continuous space reordering models for phrase - based mt ; bilingual sequence models improve phrase - based translation and reordering by overcoming phrasal independence assumption and handling long range reordering . however , due to data sparsity , these models often fall back to very small context sizes . this problem has been previously addressed by learning sequences over generalized representations such as pos tags or word clusters . in this paper , we explore an alternative based on neural network models . more ←
→ object detection using deep cnns trained on synthetic images ; the need for large annotated image datasets for training convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) has been a significant impediment for their adoption in computer vision applications . we show that with transfer learning an effective object detector can be trained almost entirely on synthetically rendered datasets . we apply this strategy for detecting pack - aged food products clustered in refrigerator scenes . our cnn trained only with 4000 synthetic ←
→ biometric authentication using nonparametric methods ; the physiological and behavioral trait is employed to develop biometric authentication systems . the proposed work deals with the authentication of iris and signature based on minimum variance criteria . the iris patterns are preprocessed based on area of the connected components . the segmented image used for authentication consists of the region with large variations in the gray level values . the image region is split into quadtree components . the compon ←
→ near optimal sketching of low - rank tensor regression ; we study the least squares regression problem \ begin { align *} \ min_ {\ theta \ in \ mathcal { s } _ {\ odot d , r }} \| a \ theta - b \| _2 , \ end { align *} where $\ mathcal { s } _ {\ odot d , r }$ is the set of $\ theta $ for which $\ theta = \ sum_ { r = 1 }^{ r } \ theta_1 ^{( r )} \ circ \ cdots \ circ \ theta_d ^{( r )}$ for vectors $\ theta_d ^{( r )} \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ p_d }$ for all $ r \ in [ r ]$ and $ d \ in [ d ]$, and $\ circ $ denotes the outer product of vectors . that is , $\ theta $ is a low - dimensional , low - ran ←
→ word representations , tree models and syntactic functions ; word representations induced from models with discrete latent variables ( e . g .\ hmms ) have been shown to be beneficial in many nlp applications . in this work , we exploit labeled syntactic dependency trees and formalize the induction problem as unsupervised learning of tree - structured hidden markov models . syntactic functions are used as additional observed variables in the model , influencing both transition and emission components . such syntactic in ←
→ analysis of fast alternating minimization for structured dictionary learning ; methods exploiting sparsity have been popular in imaging and signal processing applications including compression , denoising , and imaging inverse problems . data - driven approaches such as dictionary learning and transform learning enable one to discover complex image features from datasets and provide promising performance over analytical models . alternating minimization algorithms have been particularly popular in dictionary or ←
→ task - specific attentive pooling of phrase alignments contributes to sentence matching ; this work studies comparatively two typical sentence matching tasks : textual entailment ( te ) and answer selection ( as ), observing that weaker phrase alignments are more critical in te , while stronger phrase alignments deserve more attention in as . the key to reach this observation lies in phrase detection , phrase representation , phrase alignment , and more importantly how to connect those aligned phrases of different ma ←
→ assessment of sar image filtering using adaptive stack filters ; stack filters are a special case of non - linear filters . they have a good performance for filtering images with different types of noise while preserving edges and details . a stack filter decomposes an input image into several binary images according to a set of thresholds . each binary image is then filtered by a boolean function , which characterizes the filter . adaptive stack filters can be designed to be optimal ; they are computed from a pair ←
→ object recognition with and without objects ; while recent deep neural networks have achieved a promising performance on object recognition , they rely implicitly on the visual contents of the whole image . in this paper , we train deep neural net - works on the foreground ( object ) and background ( context ) regions of images respectively . consider - ing human recognition in the same situations , net - works trained on the pure background without ob - jects achieves highly reasonable recognition performance that beat ←
→ sparse reduced rank regression with nonconvex regularization ; in this paper , the estimation problem for sparse reduced rank regression ( srrr ) model is considered . the srrr model is widely used for dimension reduction and variable selection with applications in signal processing , econometrics , etc . the problem is formulated to minimize the least squares loss with a sparsity - inducing penalty considering an orthogonality constraint . convex sparsity - inducing functions have been used for srrr in literature . in ←
→ international standard for a linguistic annotation framework ; this paper describes the linguistic annotation framework under development within iso tc37 sc4 wg1 . the linguistic annotation framework is intended to serve as a basis for harmonizing existing language resources as well as developing new ones .←
→ normative design using inductive learning ; in this paper we propose a use - case - driven iterative design methodology for normative frameworks , also called virtual institutions , which are used to govern open systems . our computational model represents the normative framework as a logic program under answer set semantics ( asp ). by means of an inductive logic programming approach , implemented using asp , it is possible to synthesise new rules and revise the existing ones . the learning mechanism is guided by the ←
→ multi - cue structure preserving mrf for unconstrained video segmentation ; video segmentation is a stepping stone to understanding video context . video segmentation enables one to represent a video by decomposing it into coherent regions which comprise whole or parts of objects . however , the challenge originates from the fact that most of the video segmentation algorithms are based on unsupervised learning due to expensive cost of pixelwise video annotation and intra - class variability within similar unconstr ←
→ sc - dcnn : highly - scalable deep convolutional neural network using stochastic computing ; with recent advancing of internet of things ( iots ), it becomes very attractive to implement the deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) onto embedded / portable systems . presently , executing the software - based dcnns requires high - performance server clusters in practice , restricting their widespread deployment on the mobile devices . to overcome this issue , considerable research efforts have been conducted in the contex ←
→ the nonparanormal skeptic ; we propose a semiparametric approach , named nonparanormal skeptic , for estimating high dimensional undirected graphical models . in terms of modeling , we consider the nonparanormal family proposed by liu et al ( 2009 ). in terms of estimation , we exploit nonparametric rank - based correlation coefficient estimators including the spearman ' s rho and kendall ' s tau . in high dimensional settings , we prove that the nonparanormal skeptic achieves the optimal parametric rate of convergence in ←
→ computer model of a " sense of humour ". ii . realization in neural networks ; the computer realization of a " sense of humour " requires the creation of an algorithm for solving the " linguistic problem ", i . e . the problem of recognizing a continuous sequence of polysemantic images . such algorithm may be realized in the hopfield model of a neural network after its proper modification .←
→ effective image differencing with convnets for real - time transient hunting ; large sky surveys are increasingly relying on image subtraction pipelines for real - time ( and archival ) transient detection . in this process one has to contend with varying psf , small brightness variations in many sources , as well as artifacts resulting from saturated stars , and , in general , matching errors . very often the differencing is done with a reference image that is deeper than individual images and the attendant differenc ←
→ combining static and dynamic features for multivariate sequence classification ; model precision in a classification task is highly dependent on the feature space that is used to train the model . moreover , whether the features are sequential or static will dictate which classification method can be applied as most of the machine learning algorithms are designed to deal with either one or another type of data . in real - life scenarios , however , it is often the case that both static and dynamic features are p ←
→ linear contour learning : a method for supervised dimension reduction ; we propose a novel approach to sufficient dimension reduction in regression , based on estimating contour directions of negligible variation for the response surface . these directions span the orthogonal complement of the minimal space relevant for the regression , and can be extracted according to a measure of the variation in the response , leading to general contour regression ( gcr ). in comparison to exiisting sufficient dimension reducti ←
→ high - order nonparametric belief - propagation for fast image inpainting ; in this paper , we use belief - propagation techniques to develop fast algorithms for image inpainting . unlike traditional gradient - based approaches , which may require many iterations to converge , our techniques achieve competitive results after only a few iterations . on the other hand , while belief - propagation techniques are often unable to deal with high - order models due to the explosion in the size of messages , we avoid this problem by ←
→ using the sleuth urban growth model to simulate the impacts of future policy scenarios on urban land use in the tehran metropolitan area in iran ; the sleuth model , based on the cellular automata ( ca ), can be applied to city development simulation in metropolitan areas . in this study the sleuth model was used to model the urban expansion and predict the future possible behavior of the urban growth in tehran . the fundamental data were five landsat tm and etm images of 1988 , 1992 , 1998 , 2001 and 2010 . three ←
→ are you talking to a machine ? dataset and methods for multilingual image question answering ; in this paper , we present the mqa model , which is able to answer questions about the content of an image . the answer can be a sentence , a phrase or a single word . our model contains four components : a long short - term memory ( lstm ) to extract the question representation , a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to extract the visual representation , an lstm for storing the linguistic context in an answer , and a fusing ←
→ boosted generative models ; we propose a novel approach for using unsupervised boosting to create an ensemble of generative models , where models are trained in sequence to correct earlier mistakes . our meta - algorithmic framework can leverage any existing base learner that permits likelihood evaluation , including recent deep expressive models . further , our approach allows the ensemble to include discriminative models trained to distinguish real data from model - generated data . we show theoretical conditions u ←
→ the shallow end : empowering shallower deep - convolutional networks through auxiliary outputs ; the depth is one of the key factors behind the great success of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), with the gradient vanishing issue having been largely addressed by various nets , e . g . resnet . however , when the depth goes very deep , the supervision information from the loss function will vanish due to the long backpropagation path , especially for those shallow layers . this means that intermediate layers receiv ←
→ online tool condition monitoring based on parsimonious ensemble + ; accurate diagnosis of tool wear in metal turning process remains an open challenge for both scientists and industrial practitioners because of inhomogeneities in workpiece material , nonstationary machining settings to suit production requirements , and nonlinear relations between measured variables and tool wear . common methodologies for tool condition monitoring still rely on batch approaches which cannot cope with a fast sampling rate of me ←
→ classify or select : neural architectures for extractive document summarization ; we present two novel and contrasting recurrent neural network ( rnn ) based architectures for extractive summarization of documents . the classifier based architecture sequentially accepts or rejects each sentence in the original document order for its membership in the final summary . the selector architecture , on the other hand , is free to pick one sentence at a time in any arbitrary order to piece together the summary . our mod ←
→ vidosat : high - dimensional sparsifying transform learning for online video denoising ; techniques exploiting the sparsity of images in a transform domain have been effective for various applications in image and video processing . transform learning methods involve cheap computations and have been demonstrated to perform well in applications such as image denoising and medical image reconstruction . recently , we proposed methods for online learning of sparsifying transforms from streaming signals , which enjo ←
→ learning symmetric collaborative dialogue agents with dynamic knowledge graph embeddings ; we study a symmetric collaborative dialogue setting in which two agents , each with private knowledge , must strategically communicate to achieve a common goal . the open - ended dialogue state in this setting poses new challenges for existing dialogue systems . we collected a dataset of 11k human - human dialogues , which exhibits interesting lexical , semantic , and strategic elements . to model both structured knowledge and ←
→ learning efficient sparse and low rank models ; parsimony , including sparsity and low rank , has been shown to successfully model data in numerous machine learning and signal processing tasks . traditionally , such modeling approaches rely on an iterative algorithm that minimizes an objective function with parsimony - promoting terms . the inherently sequential structure and data - dependent complexity and latency of iterative optimization constitute a major limitation in many applications requiring real - time perfo ←
→ detector discovery in the wild : joint multiple instance and representation learning ; we develop methods for detector learning which exploit joint training over both weak and strong labels and which transfer learned perceptual representations from strongly - labeled auxiliary tasks . previous methods for weak - label learning often learn detector models independently using latent variable optimization , but fail to share deep representation knowledge across classes and usually require strong initialization . oth ←
→ unsupervised representation learning with deep convolutional generative adversarial networks ; in recent years , supervised learning with convolutional networks ( cnns ) has seen huge adoption in computer vision applications . comparatively , unsupervised learning with cnns has received less attention . in this work we hope to help bridge the gap between the success of cnns for supervised learning and unsupervised learning . we introduce a class of cnns called deep convolutional generative adversarial networks (←
→ developing all - skyrmion spiking neural network ; in this work , we have proposed a revolutionary neuromorphic computing methodology to implement all - skyrmion spiking neural network ( as - snn ). such proposed methodology is based on our finding that skyrmion is a topological stable spin texture and its spatiotemporal motion along the magnetic nano - track intuitively interprets the pulse signal transmission between two interconnected neurons . in such design , spike train in snn could be encoded as particle - like sky ←
→ lstm stack - based neural multi - sequence alignment technique ( neumatch ) ; the alignment of heterogeneous sequential data ( video to text ) is an important and challenging problem . standard techniques for such alignment , including dynamic time warping ( dtw ) and conditional random fields ( crfs ), suffer from inherent drawbacks . mainly , the markov assumption implies that , given the immediate past , future alignment decisions are independent of further history . the separation between similarity computation and alignm ←
→ a multi level data fusion approach for speaker identification on telephone speech ; several speaker identification systems are giving good performance with clean speech but are affected by the degradations introduced by noisy audio conditions . to deal with this problem , we investigate the use of complementary information at different levels for computing a combined match score for the unknown speaker . in this work , we observe the effect of two supervised machine learning approaches including support vecto ←
→ stalematebreaker : a proactive content - introducing approach to automatic human - computer conversation ; existing open - domain human - computer conversation systems are typically passive : they either synthesize or retrieve a reply provided a human - issued utterance . it is generally presumed that humans should take the role to lead the conversation and introduce new content when a stalemate occurs , and that the computer only needs to " respond ." in this paper , we propose stalematebreaker , a conversation system tha ←
→ generalized minimum dominating set and application in automatic text summarization ; for a graph formed by vertices and weighted edges , a generalized minimum dominating set ( mds ) is a vertex set of smallest cardinality such that the summed weight of edges from each outside vertex to vertices in this set is equal to or larger than certain threshold value . this generalized mds problem reduces to the conventional mds problem in the limiting case of all the edge weights being equal to the threshold value . we ←
→ algorithmic chaining and the role of partial feedback in online nonparametric learning ; we investigate contextual online learning with nonparametric ( lipschitz ) comparison classes under different assumptions on losses and feedback information . for full information feedback and lipschitz losses , we design the first explicit algorithm achieving the minimax regret rate ( up to log factors ). in a partial feedback model motivated by second - price auctions , we obtain algorithms for lipschitz and semi - lipschitz l ←
→ authorship attribution based on life - like network automata ; the authorship attribution is a problem of considerable practical and technical interest . several methods have been designed to infer the authorship of disputed documents in multiple contexts . while traditional statistical methods based solely on word counts and related measurements have provided a simple , yet effective solution in particular cases ; they are prone to manipulation . recently , texts have been successfully modeled as networks , where w ←
→ offline handwritten recognition of malayalam district name - a holistic approach ; various machine learning methods for writer independent recognition of malayalam handwritten district names are discussed in this paper . data collected from 56 different writers are used for the experiments . the proposed work can be used for the recognition of district in the address written in malayalam . different methods for dimensionality reduction are discussed . features consider for the recognition are histogram of ori ←
→ multiscale co - design analysis of energy , latency , area , and accuracy of a reram analog neural training accelerator ; neural networks are an increasingly attractive algorithm for natural language processing and pattern recognition . deep networks with > 50m parameters are made possible by modern gpu clusters operating at < 50 pj per op and more recently , production accelerators capable of < 5pj per operation at the board level . however , with the slowing of cmos scaling , new paradigms will be required to achiev ←
→ stuffnet : using ' stuff ' to improve object detection ; we propose a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based algorithm - stuffnet - for object detection . in addition to the standard convolutional features trained for region proposal and object detection [ 31 ], stuffnet uses convolutional features trained for segmentation of objects and ' stuff ' ( amorphous categories such as ground and water ). through experiments on pascal voc 2010 , we show the importance of features learnt from stuff segmentation for improving ←
→ study of a bias in the offline evaluation of a recommendation algorithm ; recommendation systems have been integrated into the majority of large online systems to filter and rank information according to user profiles . it thus influences the way users interact with the system and , as a consequence , bias the evaluation of the performance of a recommendation algorithm computed using historical data ( via offline evaluation ). this paper describes this bias and discuss the relevance of a weighted offline evaluat ←
→ asymmetric totally - corrective boosting for real - time object detection ; real - time object detection is one of the core problems in computer vision . the cascade boosting framework proposed by viola and jones has become the standard for this problem . in this framework , the learning goal for each node is asymmetric , which is required to achieve a high detection rate and a moderate false positive rate . we develop new boosting algorithms to address this asymmetric learning problem . we show that our methods explic ←
→ the intrinsic value of hfo features as a biomarker of epileptic activity ; high frequency oscillations ( hfos ) are a promising biomarker of epileptic brain tissue and activity . hfos additionally serve as a prototypical example of challenges in the analysis of discrete events in high - temporal resolution , intracranial eeg data . two primary challenges are 1 ) dimensionality reduction , and 2 ) assessing feasibility of classification . dimensionality reduction assumes that the data lie on a manifold with dimension l ←
→ a teacher - student framework for zero - resource neural machine translation ; while end - to - end neural machine translation ( nmt ) has made remarkable progress recently , it still suffers from the data scarcity problem for low - resource language pairs and domains . in this paper , we propose a method for zero - resource nmt by assuming that parallel sentences have close probabilities of generating a sentence in a third language . based on this assumption , our method is able to train a source - to - target nmt model (" studen ←
→ toward automated discovery of artistic influence ; considering the huge amount of art pieces that exist , there is valuable information to be discovered . examining a painting , an expert can determine its style , genre , and the time period that the painting belongs . one important task for art historians is to find influences and connections between artists . is influence a task that a computer can measure ? the contribution of this paper is in exploring the problem of computer - automated suggestion of influences ←
→ neural machine translation by generating multiple linguistic factors ; factored neural machine translation ( fnmt ) is founded on the idea of using the morphological and grammatical decomposition of the words ( factors ) at the output side of the neural network . this architecture addresses two well - known problems occurring in mt , namely the size of target language vocabulary and the number of unknown tokens produced in the translation . fnmt system is designed to manage larger vocabulary and reduce the training ←
→ riesz logic ; we introduce riesz logic , whose models are abelian lattice ordered groups , which generalise riesz spaces ( vector lattices ), and show soundness and completeness . our motivation is to provide a logic for distributional semantics of natural language , where words are typically represented as elements of a vector space whose dimensions correspond to contexts in which words may occur . this basis provides a lattice ordering on the space , and this ordering may be interpreted as " distributional entailm ←
→ supervised grammar induction using training data with limited constituent information ; corpus - based grammar induction generally relies on hand - parsed training data to learn the structure of the language . unfortunately , the cost of building large annotated corpora is prohibitively expensive . this work aims to improve the induction strategy when there are few labels in the training data . we show that the most informative linguistic constituents are the higher nodes in the parse trees , typically denoting co ←
→ generating navigable semantic maps from social sciences corpora ; it is now commonplace to observe that we are facing a deluge of online information . researchers have of course long acknowledged the potential value of this information since digital traces make it possible to directly observe , describe and analyze social facts , and above all the co - evolution of ideas and communities over time . however , most online information is expressed through text , which means it is not directly usable by machines , since ←
→ training deep networks to be spatially sensitive ; in many computer vision tasks , for example saliency prediction or semantic segmentation , the desired output is a foreground map that predicts pixels where some criteria is satisfied . despite the inherently spatial nature of this task commonly used learning objectives do not incorporate the spatial relationships between misclassified pixels and the underlying ground truth . the weighted f - measure , a recently proposed evaluation metric , does reweight errors sp ←
→ a bag - of - words equivalent recurrent neural network for action recognition ; the traditional bag - of - words approach has found a wide range of applications in computer vision . the standard pipeline consists of a generation of a visual vocabulary , a quantization of the features into histograms of visual words , and a classification step for which usually a support vector machine in combination with a non - linear kernel is used . given large amounts of data , however , the model suffers from a lack of discriminativ ←
→ online semi - parametric learning for inverse dynamics modeling ; this paper presents a semi - parametric algorithm for online learning of a robot inverse dynamics model . it combines the strength of the parametric and non - parametric modeling . the former exploits the rigid body dynamics equa - tion , while the latter exploits a suitable kernel function . we provide an extensive comparison with other methods from the literature using real data from the icub humanoid robot . in doing so we also compare two different t ←
→ dimensionally constrained symbolic regression ; we describe dimensionally constrained symbolic regression which has been developed for mass measurement in certain classes of events in high - energy physics ( hep ). with symbolic regression , we can derive equations that are well known in hep . however , in problems with large number of variables , we find that by constraining the terms allowed in the symbolic regression , convergence behavior is improved . dimensionally constrained symbolic regression ( dcsr ) finds so ←
→ the cramer distance as a solution to biased wasserstein gradients ; the wasserstein probability metric has received much attention from the machine learning community . unlike the kullback - leibler divergence , which strictly measures change in probability , the wasserstein metric reflects the underlying geometry between outcomes . the value of being sensitive to this geometry has been demonstrated , among others , in ordinal regression and generative modelling . in this paper we describe three natural properties o ←
→ locality preserving projection on spd matrix lie group : algorithm and analysis ; symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrices used as feature descriptors in image recognition are usually high dimensional . traditional manifold learning is only applicable for reducing the dimension of high - dimensional vector - form data . for high - dimensional spd matrices , directly using manifold learning algorithms to reduce the dimension of matrix - form data is impossible . the spd matrix must first be transformed into a long ve ←
→ the link prediction problem in bipartite networks ; we define and study the link prediction problem in bipartite networks , specializing general link prediction algorithms to the bipartite case . in a graph , a link prediction function of two vertices denotes the similarity or proximity of the vertices . common link prediction functions for general graphs are defined using paths of length two between two nodes . since in a bipartite graph adjacency vertices can only be connected by paths of odd lengths , these fu ←
→ hybrid heuristic - based artificial immune system for task scheduling ; task scheduling problem in heterogeneous systems is the process of allocating tasks of an application to heterogeneous processors interconnected by high - speed networks , so that minimizing the finishing time of application as much as possible . tasks are processing units of application and have precedenceconstrained , communication and also , are presented by directed acyclic graphs ( dags ). evolutionary algorithms are well suited for solving ←
→ challenging the principle of compositionality in interpreting natural language texts ; the paper aims at emphasizing that , even relaxed , the hypothesis of compositionality has to face many problems when used for interpreting natural language texts . rather than fixing these problems within the compositional framework , we believe that a more radical change is necessary , and propose another approach .←
→ covariance - based dissimilarity measures applied to clustering wide - sense stationary ergodic processes ; we introduce a new unsupervised learning problem : clustering wide - sense stationary ergodic stochastic processes . a covariance - based dissimilarity measure and consistent algorithms are designed for clustering offline and online data settings , respectively . we also suggest a formal criterion on the efficiency of dissimilarity measures , and discuss of some approach to improve the efficiency of clustering a ←
→ static and dynamic feature selection in morphosyntactic analyzers ; we study the use of greedy feature selection methods for morphosyntactic tagging under a number of different conditions . we compare a static ordering of features to a dynamic ordering based on mutual information statistics , and we apply the techniques to standalone taggers as well as joint systems for tagging and parsing . experiments on five languages show that feature selection can result in more compact models as well as higher accuracy u ←
→ canonical trends : detecting trend setters in web data ; much information available on the web is copied , reused or rephrased . the phenomenon that multiple web sources pick up certain information is often called trend . a central problem in the context of web data mining is to detect those web sources that are first to publish information which will give rise to a trend . we present a simple and efficient method for finding trends dominating a pool of web sources and identifying those web sources that publish ←
→ solving dcops with distributed large neighborhood search ; the field of distributed constraint optimization has gained momentum in recent years , thanks to its ability to address various applications related to multi - agent cooperation . nevertheless , solving distributed constraint optimization problems ( dcops ) optimally is np - hard . therefore , in large - scale , complex applications , incomplete dcop algorithms are necessary . current incomplete dcop algorithms suffer of one or more of the following limitations : th ←
→ lazy explanation - based approximation for probabilistic logic programming ; we introduce a lazy approach to the explanation - based approximation of probabilistic logic programs . it uses only the most significant part of the program when searching for explanations . the result is a fast and anytime approximate inference algorithm which returns hard lower and upper bounds on the exact probability . we experimentally show that this method outperforms state - of - the - art approximate inference .←
→ dimensionality reduction : an empirical study on the usability of ife - cf ( independent feature elimination - by c - correlation and f - correlation ) measures ; the recent increase in dimensionality of data has thrown a great challenge to the existing dimensionality reduction methods in terms of their effectiveness . dimensionality reduction has emerged as one of the significant preprocessing steps in machine learning applications and has been effective in removing inappropriate data , increasing learning accurac ←
→ driver gaze region estimation without using eye movement ; automated estimation of the allocation of a driver ' s visual attention may be a critical component of future advanced driver assistance systems . in theory , vision - based tracking of the eye can provide a good estimate of gaze location . in practice , eye tracking from video is challenging because of sunglasses , eyeglass reflections , lighting conditions , occlusions , motion blur , and other factors . estimation of head pose , on the other hand , is robust to ←
→ guiding human gaze with convolutional neural networks ; the eye fixation patterns of human observers are a fundamental indicator of the aspects of an image to which humans attend . thus , manipulating fixation patterns to guide human attention is an exciting challenge in digital image processing . here , we present a new model for manipulating images to change the distribution of human fixations in a controlled fashion . we use the state - of - the - art model for fixation prediction to train a convolutional neural ne ←
→ distributed parameter estimation via pseudo - likelihood ; estimating statistical models within sensor networks requires distributed algorithms , in which both data and computation are distributed across the nodes of the network . we propose a general approach for distributed learning based on combining local estimators defined by pseudo - likelihood components , encompassing a number of combination methods , and provide both theoretical and experimental analysis . we show that simple linear combination or max - votin ←
→ summarization of user - generated sports video by using deep action recognition features ; automatically generating a summary of sports video poses the challenge of detecting interesting moments , or highlights , of a game . traditional sports video summarization methods leverage editing conventions of broadcast sports video that facilitate the extraction of high - level semantics . however , user - generated videos are not edited , and thus traditional methods are not suitable to generate a summary . in order to solv ←
→ classification of neurological gait disorders using multi - task feature learning ; as our population ages , neurological impairments and degeneration of the musculoskeletal system yield gait abnormalities , which can significantly reduce quality of life . gait rehabilitative therapy has been widely adopted to help patients maximize community participation and living independence . to further improve the precision and efficiency of rehabilitative therapy , more objective methods need to be developed based on sen ←
→ a simple approach to multilingual polarity classification in twitter ; recently , sentiment analysis has received a lot of attention due to the interest in mining opinions of social media users . sentiment analysis consists in determining the polarity of a given text , i . e ., its degree of positiveness or negativeness . traditionally , sentiment analysis algorithms have been tailored to a specific language given the complexity of having a number of lexical variations and errors introduced by the people generating ←
→ adaptive frequency cepstral coefficients for word mispronunciation detection ; systems based on automatic speech recognition ( asr ) technology can provide important functionality in computer assisted language learning applications . this is a young but growing area of research motivated by the large number of students studying foreign languages . here we propose a hidden markov model ( hmm )- based method to detect mispronunciations . exploiting the specific dialog scripting employed in language learning softwar ←
→ deep asymmetric multi - task feature learning ; we propose deep asymmetric multitask feature learning ( deep - amtfl ) which can learn deep representations shared across multiple tasks while effectively preventing negative transfer that may happen in the feature sharing process . specifically , we introduce an asymmetric autoencoder term that allows reliable predictors for the easy tasks to have high contribution to the feature learning while suppressing the influences of unreliable predictors for more difficult ta ←
→ action recognition based on subdivision - fusion model ; this paper proposes a novel subdivision - fusion model ( sfm ) to recognize human actions . in most action recognition tasks , overlapping feature distribution is a common problem leading to overfitting . in the subdivision stage of the proposed sfm , samples in each category are clustered . then , such samples are grouped into multiple more concentrated subcategories . boundaries for the subcategories are easier to find and as consequence overfitting is avoided . ←
→ syllable - level neural language model for agglutinative language ; language models for agglutinative languages have always been hindered in past due to myriad of agglutinations possible to any given word through various affixes . we propose a method to diminish the problem of out - of - vocabulary words by introducing an embedding derived from syllables and morphemes which leverages the agglutinative property . our model outperforms character - level embedding in perplexity by 16 . 87 with 9 . 50m parameters . proposed m ←
→ functional map of the world ; we present a new dataset , functional map of the world ( fmow ), which aims to inspire the development of machine learning models capable of predicting the functional purpose of buildings and land use from temporal sequences of satellite images and a rich set of metadata features . the metadata provided with each image enables reasoning about location , time , sun angles , physical sizes , and other features when making predictions about objects in the image . our dataset consists of ov ←
→ the possibilities and limitations of private prediction markets ; we consider the design of private prediction markets , financial markets designed to elicit predictions about uncertain events without revealing too much information about market participants ' actions or beliefs . our goal is to design market mechanisms in which participants ' trades or wagers influence the market ' s behavior in a way that leads to accurate predictions , yet no single participant has too much influence over what others are able to ←
→ a history of metaheuristics ; this chapter describes the history of metaheuristics in five distinct periods , starting long before the first use of the term and ending a long time in the future .←
→ ontologies and information extraction ; this report argues that , even in the simplest cases , ie is an ontology - driven process . it is not a mere text filtering method based on simple pattern matching and keywords , because the extracted pieces of texts are interpreted with respect to a predefined partial domain model . this report shows that depending on the nature and the depth of the interpretation to be done for extracting the information , more or less knowledge must be involved . this report is mainly illus ←
→ espresso : efficient forward propagation for bcnns ; there are many applications scenarios for which the computational performance and memory footprint of the prediction phase of deep neural networks ( dnns ) needs to be optimized . binary neural networks ( bdnns ) have been shown to be an effective way of achieving this objective . in this paper , we show how convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) can be implemented using binary representations . espresso is a compact , yet powerful library written in c / cuda that feat ←
→ the complexity of decentralized control of markov decision processes ; planning for distributed agents with partial state information is considered from a decision - theoretic perspective . we describe generalizations of both the mdp and pomdp models that allow for decentralized control . for even a small number of agents , the finite - horizon problems corresponding to both of our models are complete for nondeterministic exponential time . these complexity results illustrate a fundamental difference between centr ←
→ a rigorously bayesian beam model and an adaptive full scan model for range finders in dynamic environments ; this paper proposes and experimentally validates a bayesian network model of a range finder adapted to dynamic environments . all modeling assumptions are rigorously explained , and all model parameters have a physical interpretation . this approach results in a transparent and intuitive model . with respect to the state of the art beam model this paper : ( i ) proposes a different functional form for the ←
→ toward optimal feature selection in naive bayes for text categorization ; automated feature selection is important for text categorization to reduce the feature size and to speed up the learning process of classifiers . in this paper , we present a novel and efficient feature selection framework based on the information theory , which aims to rank the features with their discriminative capacity for classification . we first revisit two information measures : kullback - leibler divergence and jeffreys divergence fo ←
→ fair pipelines ; this work facilitates ensuring fairness of machine learning in the real world by decoupling fairness considerations in compound decisions . in particular , this work studies how fairness propagates through a compound decision - making processes , which we call a pipeline . prior work in algorithmic fairness only focuses on fairness with respect to one decision . however , many decision - making processes require more than one decision . for instance , hiring is at least a two stage model : deciding who ←
→ improved lossy image compression with priming and spatially adaptive bit rates for recurrent networks ; we propose a method for lossy image compression based on recurrent , convolutional neural networks that outperforms bpg ( 4 : 2 : 0 ), webp , jpeg2000 , and jpeg as measured by ms - ssim . we introduce three improvements over previous research that lead to this state - of - the - art result . first , we show that training with a pixel - wise loss weighted by ssim increases reconstruction quality according to several metrics ←
→ estimating nonlinear dynamics with the convnet smoother ; estimating the state of a dynamical system from a series of noise - corrupted observations is fundamental in many areas of science and engineering . the most well - known method , the kalman smoother ( and the related kalman filter ), relies on assumptions of linearity and gaussianity that are rarely met in practice . in this paper , we introduced a new dynamical smoothing method that exploits the remarkable capabilities of convolutional neural networks to app ←
→ a decision - optimization approach to quantum mechanics and game theory ; the fundamental laws of quantum world upsets the logical foundation of classic physics . they are completely counter - intuitive with many bizarre behaviors . however , this paper shows that they may make sense from the perspective of a general decision - optimization principle for cooperation . this principle also offers a generalization of nash equilibrium , a key concept in game theory , for better payoffs and stability of game playing .←
→ a wiki for business rules in open vocabulary , executable english ; the problem of business - it alignment is of widespread economic concern . as one way of addressing the problem , this paper describes an online system that functions as a kind of wiki -- one that supports the collaborative writing and running of business and scientific applications , as rules in open vocabulary , executable english , using a browser . since the rules are in english , they are indexed by google and other search engines . this is u ←
→ a non - parametric learning approach to identify online human trafficking ; human trafficking is among the most challenging law enforcement problems which demands persistent fight against from all over the globe . in this study , we leverage readily available data from the website " backpage "-- used for classified advertisement -- to discern potential patterns of human trafficking activities which manifest online and identify most likely trafficking related advertisements . due to the lack of ground truth , we rely ←
→ learning activation functions from data using cubic spline interpolation ; neural networks require a careful design in order to perform properly on a given task . in particular , selecting a good activation function ( possibly in a data - dependent fashion ) is a crucial step , which remains an open problem in the research community . despite a large amount of investigations , most current implementations simply select one fixed function from a small set of candidates , which is not adapted during training , and is sh ←
→ learning output kernels for multi - task problems ; simultaneously solving multiple related learning tasks is beneficial under a variety of circumstances , but the prior knowledge necessary to correctly model task relationships is rarely available in practice . in this paper , we develop a novel kernel - based multi - task learning technique that automatically reveals structural inter - task relationships . building over the framework of output kernel learning ( okl ), we introduce a method that jointly learns multiple f ←
→ learning and transfer of modulated locomotor controllers ; we study a novel architecture and training procedure for locomotion tasks . a high - frequency , low - level " spinal " network with access to proprioceptive sensors learns sensorimotor primitives by training on simple tasks . this pre - trained module is fixed and connected to a low - frequency , high - level " cortical " network , with access to all sensors , which drives behavior by modulating the inputs to the spinal network . where a monolithic end - to - end architect ←
→ qualitative probabilistic networks for planning under uncertainty ; bayesian networks provide a probabilistic semantics for qualitative assertions about likelihood . a qualitative reasoner based on an algebra over these assertions can derive further conclusions about the influence of actions . while the conclusions are much weaker than those computed from complete probability distributions , they are still valuable for suggesting potential actions , eliminating obviously inferior plans , identifying important tr ←
→ a prototyping environment for integrated artificial attention systems ; artificial visual attention systems aim to support technical systems in visual tasks by applying the concepts of selective attention observed in humans and other animals . such systems are typically evaluated against ground truth obtained from human gaze - data or manually annotated test images . when applied to robotics , the systems are required to be adaptable to the target system . here , we describe a flexible environment based on a robot ←
→ harmonious attention network for person re - identification ; existing person re - identification ( re - id ) methods either assume the availability of well - aligned person bounding box images as model input or rely on constrained attention selection mechanisms to calibrate misaligned images . they are therefore sub - optimal for re - id matching in arbitrarily aligned person images potentially with large human pose variations and unconstrained auto - detection errors . in this work , we show the advantages of jointly learni ←
→ rnade : the real - valued neural autoregressive density - estimator ; we introduce rnade , a new model for joint density estimation of real - valued vectors . our model calculates the density of a datapoint as the product of one - dimensional conditionals modeled using mixture density networks with shared parameters . rnade learns a distributed representation of the data , while having a tractable expression for the calculation of densities . a tractable likelihood allows direct comparison with other methods and training ←
→ learning from pairwise marginal independencies ; we consider graphs that represent pairwise marginal independencies amongst a set of variables ( for instance , the zero entries of a covariance matrix for normal data ). we characterize the directed acyclic graphs ( dags ) that faithfully explain a given set of independencies , and derive algorithms to efficiently enumerate such structures . our results map out the space of faithful causal models for a given set of pairwise marginal independence relations . this allo ←
→ probabilistic neural network training for semi - supervised classifiers ; in this paper , we propose another version of help - training approach by employing a probabilistic neural network ( pnn ) that improves the performance of the main discriminative classifier in the semi - supervised strategy . we introduce the pnn - training algorithm and use it for training the support vector machine ( svm ) with a few numbers of labeled data and a large number of unlabeled data . we try to find the best labels for unlabeled data a ←
→ fast distributed coordinate descent for non - strongly convex losses ; we propose an efficient distributed randomized coordinate descent method for minimizing regularized non - strongly convex loss functions . the method attains the optimal $ o ( 1 / k ^ 2 )$ convergence rate , where $ k $ is the iteration counter . the core of the work is the theoretical study of stepsize parameters . we have implemented the method on archer - the largest supercomputer in the uk - and show that the method is capable of solving a ( synthetic )←
→ large - scale paralleled sparse principal component analysis ; principal component analysis ( pca ) is a statistical technique commonly used in multivariate data analysis . however , pca can be difficult to interpret and explain since the principal components ( pcs ) are linear combinations of the original variables . sparse pca ( spca ) aims to balance statistical fidelity and interpretability by approximating sparse pcs whose projections capture the maximal variance of original data . in this paper we present an effi ←
→" attention " for detecting unreliable news in the information age ; an unreliable news is any piece of information which is false or misleading , deliberately spread to promote political , ideological and financial agendas . recently the problem of unreliable news has got a lot of attention as the number instances of using news and social media outlets for propaganda have increased rapidly . this poses a serious threat to society , which calls for technology to automatically and reliably identify unreliable news ←
→ semantic regularities in document representations ; recent work exhibited that distributed word representations are good at capturing linguistic regularities in language . this allows vector - oriented reasoning based on simple linear algebra between words . since many different methods have been proposed for learning document representations , it is natural to ask whether there is also linear structure in these learned representations to allow similar reasoning at document level . to answer this question , we des ←
→ exemplar based deep discriminative and shareable feature learning for scene image classification ; in order to encode the class correlation and class specific information in image representation , we propose a new local feature learning approach named deep discriminative and shareable feature learning ( ddsfl ). ddsfl aims to hierarchically learn feature transformation filter banks to transform raw pixel image patches to features . the learned filter banks are expected to : ( 1 ) encode common visual patterns of ←
→ unconfused ultraconservative multiclass algorithms ; we tackle the problem of learning linear classifiers from noisy datasets in a multiclass setting . the two - class version of this problem was studied a few years ago by , e . g . bylander ( 1994 ) and blum et al . ( 1996 ): in these contributions , the proposed approaches to fight the noise revolve around a perceptron learning scheme fed with peculiar examples computed through a weighted average of points from the noisy training set . we propose to build upon these ap ←
→ using reinforcement learning to validate empirical game - theoretic analysis : a continuous double auction study ; empirical game - theoretic analysis ( egta ) has recently been applied successfully to analyze the behavior of large numbers of competing traders in a continuous double auction market . multiagent simulation methods like egta are useful for studying complex strategic environments like a stock market , where it is not feasible to solve analytically for the rational behavior of each agent . a weakness of ←
→ is extreme learning machine feasible ? a theoretical assessment ( part ii ) ; an extreme learning machine ( elm ) can be regarded as a two stage feed - forward neural network ( fnn ) learning system which randomly assigns the connections with and within hidden neurons in the first stage and tunes the connections with output neurons in the second stage . therefore , elm training is essentially a linear learning problem , which significantly reduces the computational burden . numerous applications show that such a computa ←
→ noise - robust asr for the third ' chime ' challenge exploiting time - frequency masking based multi - channel speech enhancement and recurrent neural network ; in this paper , the lingban entry to the third ' chime ' speech separation and recognition challenge is presented . a time - frequency masking based speech enhancement front - end is proposed to suppress the environmental noise utilizing multi - channel coherence and spatial cues . the state - of - the - art speech recognition techniques , namely recurrent neural network ←
→ minimally supervised written - to - spoken text normalization ; in speech - applications such as text - to - speech ( tts ) or automatic speech recognition ( asr ), \ emph { text normalization } refers to the task of converting from a \ emph { written } representation into a representation of how the text is to be \ emph { spoken }. in all real - world speech applications , the text normalization engine is developed --- in large part --- by hand . for example , a hand - built grammar may be used to enumerate the possible ways of saying a given ←
→ nest : a neural network synthesis tool based on a grow - and - prune paradigm ; neural networks ( nns ) have begun to have a pervasive impact on various applications of machine learning . however , the problem of finding an optimal nn architecture for large applications has remained open for several decades . conventional approaches search for the optimal nn architecture through extensive trial - and - error . such a procedure is quite inefficient . in addition , the generated nn architectures incur substantial redundancy . ←
→ understanding short - horizon bias in stochastic meta - optimization ; careful tuning of the learning rate , or even schedules thereof , can be crucial to effective neural net training . there has been much recent interest in gradient - based meta - optimization , where one tunes hyperparameters , or even learns an optimizer , in order to minimize the expected loss when the training procedure is unrolled . but because the training procedure must be unrolled thousands of times , the meta - objective must be defined with an or ←
→ new methods to improve large - scale microscopy image analysis with prior knowledge and uncertainty ; multidimensional imaging techniques provide powerful ways to examine various kinds of scientific questions . the routinely produced datasets in the terabyte - range , however , can hardly be analyzed manually and require an extensive use of automated image analysis . the present thesis introduces a new concept for the estimation and propagation of uncertainty involved in image analysis operators and new segmentat ←
→ train , diagnose and fix : interpretable approach for fine - grained action recognition ; despite the growing discriminative capabilities of modern deep learning methods for recognition tasks , the inner workings of the state - of - art models still remain mostly black - boxes . in this paper , we propose a systematic interpretation of model parameters and hidden representations of residual temporal convolutional networks ( res - tcn ) for action recognition in time - series data . we also propose a feature map decoder as pa ←
→ boosting with structural sparsity : a differential inclusion approach ; boosting as gradient descent algorithms is one popular method in machine learning . in this paper a novel boosting - type algorithm is proposed based on restricted gradient descent with structural sparsity control whose underlying dynamics are governed by differential inclusions . in particular , we present an iterative regularization path with structural sparsity where the parameter is sparse under some linear transforms , based on variable s ←
→ evolutionary optimisation methods for template based image registration ; this paper investigates the use of evolutionary optimisation techniques to register a template with a scene image . an error function is created to measure the correspondence of the template to the image . the problem presented here is to optimise the horizontal , vertical and scaling parameters that register the template with the scene . the genetic algorithm , simulated annealing and particle swarm optimisations are compared to a nelder -←
→ objective classes for micro - facial expression recognition ; micro - expressions are brief spontaneous facial expressions that appear on a face when a person conceals an emotion , making them different to normal facial expressions in subtlety and duration . currently , emotion classes within the casme ii dataset are based on action units and self - reports , creating conflicts during machine learning training . we will show that classifying expressions using action units , instead of predicted emotion , removes the pot ←
→ new generalization bounds for learning kernels ; this paper presents several novel generalization bounds for the problem of learning kernels based on the analysis of the rademacher complexity of the corresponding hypothesis sets . our bound for learning kernels with a convex combination of p base kernels has only a log ( p ) dependency on the number of kernels , p , which is considerably more favorable than the previous best bound given for the same problem . we also give a novel bound for learning with a linear c ←
→ learning two - branch neural networks for image - text matching tasks ; image - language matching tasks have recently attracted a lot of attention in the computer vision field . these tasks include image - sentence matching , i . e ., given an image query , retrieving relevant sentences and vice versa , and region - phrase matching or visual grounding , i . e ., matching a phrase to relevant regions . this paper investigates two - branch neural networks for learning the similarity between these two data modalities . we propose two ←
→ quantitative cba : small and comprehensible association rule classification models ; quantitative cba is a postprocessing algorithm for association rule classification algorithm cba ( liu et al , 1998 ). qcba uses original , undiscretized numerical attributes to optimize the discovered association rules , refining the boundaries of literals in the antecedent of the rules produced by cba . some rules as well as literals from the rules can consequently be removed , which makes the resulting classifier smaller . one -←
→ named entity recognition using web document corpus ; this paper introduces a named entity recognition approach in textual corpus . this named entity ( ne ) can be a named : location , person , organization , date , time , etc ., characterized by instances . a ne is found in texts accompanied by contexts : words that are left or right of the ne . the work mainly aims at identifying contexts inducing the ne ' s nature . as such , the occurrence of the word " president " in a text , means that this word or context may be followed ←
→ learning to adapt structured output space for semantic segmentation ; convolutional neural network - based approaches for semantic segmentation rely on supervision with pixel - level ground truth , but may not generalize well to unseen image domains . as the labeling process is tedious and labor intensive , developing algorithms that can adapt source ground truth labels to the target domain is of great interest . in this paper , we propose an adversarial learning method for domain adaptation in the context of semant ←
→ dealing with uncertainty in situation assessment : towards a symbolic approach ; the situation assessment problem is considered , in terms of object , condition , activity , and plan recognition , based on data coming from the real - word { em via } various sensors . it is shown that uncertainty issues are linked both to the models and to the matching algorithm . three different types of uncertainties are identified , and within each one , the numerical and the symbolic cases are distinguished . the emphasis is then put ←
→ failing to learn : autonomously identifying perception failures for self - driving cars ; one of the major open challenges in self - driving cars is the ability to detect cars and pedestrians to safely navigate in the world . deep learning - based object detector approaches have enabled great advances in using camera imagery to detect and classify objects . but for a safety critical application such as autonomous driving , the error rates of the current state - of - the - art are still too high to enable safe operation . ←
→ statistical denoising for single molecule fluorescence microscopic images ; single molecule fluorescence microscopy is a powerful technique for uncovering detailed information about biological systems , both in vitro and in vivo . in such experiments , the inherently low signal to noise ratios mean that accurate algorithms to separate true signal and background noise are essential to generate meaningful results . to this end , we have developed a new and robust method to reduce noise in single molecule fluores ←
→ on sparse discretization for graphical games ; this short paper concerns discretization schemes for representing and computing approximate nash equilibria , with emphasis on graphical games , but briefly touching on normal - form and poly - matrix games . the main technical contribution is a representation theorem that informally states that to account for every exact nash equilibrium using a nearby approximate nash equilibrium on a grid over mixed strategies , a uniform discretization size linear on the inverse of ←
→ generalised discount functions applied to a monte - carlo aimu implementation ; in recent years , work has been done to develop the theory of general reinforcement learning ( grl ). however , there are few examples demonstrating these results in a concrete way . in particular , there are no examples demonstrating the known results regarding gener - alised discounting . we have added to the grl simulation platform aixijs the functionality to assign an agent arbitrary discount functions , and an environment which can ←
→ text recognition in scene image and video frame using color channel selection ; in recent years , recognition of text from natural scene image and video frame has got increased attention among the researchers due to its various complexities and challenges . because of low resolution , blurring effect , complex background , different fonts , color and variant alignment of text within images and video frames , etc ., text recognition in such scenario is difficult . most of the current approaches usually apply a bina ←
→ parsing with traces : an $ o ( n ^ 4 )$ algorithm and a structural representation ; general treebank analyses are graph structured , but parsers are typically restricted to tree structures for efficiency and modeling reasons . we propose a new representation and algorithm for a class of graph structures that is flexible enough to cover almost all treebank structures , while still admitting efficient learning and inference . in particular , we consider directed , acyclic , one - endpoint - crossing graph structures , which c ←
→ vprop : variational inference using rmsprop ; many computationally - efficient methods for bayesian deep learning rely on continuous optimization algorithms , but the implementation of these methods requires significant changes to existing code - bases . in this paper , we propose vprop , a method for gaussian variational inference that can be implemented with two minor changes to the off - the - shelf rmsprop optimizer . vprop also reduces the memory requirements of black - box variational inference by half . we derive vpr ←
→ neuron inspired data encoding memristive multi - level memory cell ; mapping neuro - inspired algorithms to sensor backplanes of on - chip hardware require shifting the signal processing from digital to the analog domain , demanding memory technologies beyond conventional cmos binary storage units . using memristors for building analog data storage is one of the promising approaches amongst emerging non - volatile memory technologies . recently , a memristive multi - level memory ( mlm ) cell for storing discrete analog va ←
→ learning features and their transformations by spatial and temporal spherical clustering ; learning features invariant to arbitrary transformations in the data is a requirement for any recognition system , biological or artificial . it is now widely accepted that simple cells in the primary visual cortex respond to features while the complex cells respond to features invariant to different transformations . we present a novel two - layered feedforward neural model that learns features in the first layer by spa ←
→ a comparison of reinforcement learning techniques for fuzzy cloud auto - scaling ; a goal of cloud service management is to design self - adaptable auto - scaler to react to workload fluctuations and changing the resources assigned . the key problem is how and when to add / remove resources in order to meet agreed service - level agreements . reducing application cost and guaranteeing service - level agreements ( slas ) are two critical factors of dynamic controller design . in this paper , we compare two dynamic learning ←
→ object - oriented semantics of english in natural language understanding system ; a new approach to the problem of natural language understanding is proposed . the knowledge domain under consideration is the social behavior of people . english sentences are translated into set of predicates of a semantic database , which describe persons , occupations , organizations , projects , actions , events , messages , machines , things , animals , location and time of actions , relations between objects , thoughts , cause - and - effec ←
→ parallel coordinate descent newton method for efficient $\ ell_1 $- regularized minimization ; the recent years have witnessed advances in parallel algorithms for large scale optimization problems . notwithstanding demonstrated success , existing algorithms that parallelize over features are usually limited by divergence issues under high parallelism or require data preprocessing to alleviate these problems . in this work , we propose a parallel coordinate descent newton algorithm using multidimensional approxim ←
→ integrating probabilistic rules into neural networks : a stochastic em learning algorithm ; the em - algorithm is a general procedure to get maximum likelihood estimates if part of the observations on the variables of a network are missing . in this paper a stochastic version of the algorithm is adapted to probabilistic neural networks describing the associative dependency of variables . these networks have a probability distribution , which is a special case of the distribution generated by probabilistic infer ←
→ ohiostate at semeval - 2018 task 7 : exploiting data augmentation for relation classification in scientific papers using piecewise convolutional neural networks ; we describe our system for semeval - 2018 shared task on semantic relation extraction and classification in scientific papers where we focus on the classification task . our simple piecewise convolution neural encoder performs decently in an end to end manner . a simple inter - task data augmentation signifi - cantly boosts the performance of the model .←
→ a simple coding for cross - domain matching with dimension reduction via spectral graph embedding ; data vectors are obtained from multiple domains . they are feature vectors of images or vector representations of words . domains may have different numbers of data vectors with different dimensions . these data vectors from multiple domains are projected to a common space by linear transformations in order to search closely related vectors across domains . we would like to find projection matrices to minimize di ←
→ multiresolution approximation of polygonal curves in linear complexity ; we propose a new algorithm to the problem of polygonal curve approximation based on a multiresolution approach . this algorithm is suboptimal but still maintains some optimality between successive levels of resolution using dynamic programming . we show theoretically and experimentally that this algorithm has a linear complexity in time and space . we experimentally compare the outcomes of our algorithm to the optimal " full search " dynami ←
→ a vlsi design and implementation for a real - time approximate reasoning ; the role of inferencing with uncertainty is becoming more important in rule - based expert systems ( es ), since knowledge given by a human expert is often uncertain or imprecise . we have succeeded in designing a vlsi chip which can perform an entire inference process based on fuzzy logic . the design of the vlsi fuzzy inference engine emphasizes simplicity , extensibility , and efficiency ( operational speed and layout area ). it is fabricated ←
→ program induction by rationale generation : learning to solve and explain algebraic word problems ; solving algebraic word problems requires executing a series of arithmetic operations --- a program --- to obtain a final answer . however , since programs can be arbitrarily complicated , inducing them directly from question - answer pairs is a formidable challenge . to make this task more feasible , we solve these problems by generating answer rationales , sequences of natural language and human - readable mathematical ←
→ causes of ineradicable spurious predictions in qualitative simulation ; it was recently proved that a sound and complete qualitative simulator does not exist , that is , as long as the input - output vocabulary of the state - of - the - art qsim algorithm is used , there will always be input models which cause any simulator with a coverage guarantee to make spurious predictions in its output . in this paper , we examine whether a meaningfully expressive restriction of this vocabulary is possible so that one can build a ←
→ learning in high - dimensional multimedia data : the state of the art ; during the last decade , the deluge of multimedia data has impacted a wide range of research areas , including multimedia retrieval , 3d tracking , database management , data mining , machine learning , social media analysis , medical imaging , and so on . machine learning is largely involved in multimedia applications of building models for classification and regression tasks etc ., and the learning principle consists in designing the models based o ←
→ automatic segmentation of retinal vasculature ; segmentation of retinal vessels from retinal fundus images is the key step in the automatic retinal image analysis . in this paper , we propose a new unsupervised automatic method to segment the retinal vessels from retinal fundus images . contrast enhancement and illumination correction are carried out through a series of image processing steps followed by adaptive histogram equalization and anisotropic diffusion filtering . this image is then converted to a gray ←
→ data set operations to hide decision tree rules ; this paper focuses on preserving the privacy of sensitive patterns when inducing decision trees . we adopt a record augmentation approach for hiding sensitive classification rules in binary datasets . such a hiding methodology is preferred over other heuristic solutions like output perturbation or cryptographic techniques - which restrict the usability of the data - since the raw data itself is readily available for public use . we show some key lemmas which ar ←
→ a dataset for improved rgbd - based object detection and pose estimation for warehouse pick - and - place ; an important logistics application of robotics involves manipulators that pick - and - place objects placed in warehouse shelves . a critical aspect of this task corre - sponds to detecting the pose of a known object in the shelf using visual data . solving this problem can be assisted by the use of an rgb - d sensor , which also provides depth information beyond visual data . nevertheless , it remains a challenging ←
→ from bandits to experts : on the value of side - observations ; we consider an adversarial online learning setting where a decision maker can choose an action in every stage of the game . in addition to observing the reward of the chosen action , the decision maker gets side observations on the reward he would have obtained had he chosen some of the other actions . the observation structure is encoded as a graph , where node i is linked to node j if sampling i provides information on the reward of j . this setting ←
→ wild patterns : ten years after the rise of adversarial machine learning ; learning - based pattern classifiers , including deep networks , have demonstrated impressive performance in several application domains , ranging from computer vision to computer security . however , it has also been shown that adversarial input perturbations carefully crafted either at training or at test time can easily subvert their predictions . the vulnerability of machine learning to adversarial inputs ( also known as adversarial exampl ←
→ relnn : a deep neural model for relational learning ; statistical relational ai ( starai ) aims at reasoning and learning in noisy domains described in terms of objects and relationships by combining probability with first - order logic . with huge advances in deep learning in the current years , combining deep networks with first - order logic has been the focus of several recent studies . many of the existing attempts , however , only focus on relations and ignore object properties . the attempts that do consider obje ←
→ design of an agent for answering back in smart phones ; the objective of the paper is to design an agent which provides efficient response to the caller when a call goes unanswered in smartphones . the agent provides responses through text messages , email etc stating the most likely reason as to why the callee is unable to answer a call . responses are composed taking into consideration the importance of the present call and the situation the callee is in at the moment like driving , sleeping , at work etc . the ←
→ 3d fully convolutional networks for subcortical segmentation in mri : a large - scale study ; this study investigates a 3d and fully convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for subcortical brain structure segmentation in mri . 3d cnn architectures have been generally avoided due to their computational and memory requirements during inference . we address the problem via small kernels , allowing deeper architectures . we further model both local and global context by embedding intermediate - layer outputs in the final p ←
→ local optima networks of the quadratic assignment problem ; using a recently proposed model for combinatorial landscapes , local optima networks ( lon ), we conduct a thorough analysis of two types of instances of the quadratic assignment problem ( qap ). this network model is a reduction of the landscape in which the nodes correspond to the local optima , and the edges account for the notion of adjacency between their basins of attraction . the model was inspired by the notion of ' inherent network ' of potential e ←
→ neural discourse relation recognition with semantic memory ; humans comprehend the meanings and relations of discourses heavily relying on their semantic memory that encodes general knowledge about concepts and facts . inspired by this , we propose a neural recognizer for implicit discourse relation analysis , which builds upon a semantic memory that stores knowledge in a distributed fashion . we refer to this recognizer as semder . starting from word embeddings of discourse arguments , semder employs a shallow e ←
→ a flexible and efficient algorithmic framework for constrained matrix and tensor factorization ; we propose a general algorithmic framework for constrained matrix and tensor factorization , which is widely used in signal processing and machine learning . the new framework is a hybrid between alternating optimization ( ao ) and the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ): each matrix factor is updated in turn , using admm , hence the name ao - admm . this combination can naturally accommodate a great var ←
→ constructing conditional plans by a theorem - prover ; the research on conditional planning rejects the assumptions that there is no uncertainty or incompleteness of knowledge with respect to the state and changes of the system the plans operate on . without these assumptions the sequences of operations that achieve the goals depend on the initial state and the outcomes of nondeterministic changes in the system . this setting raises the questions of how to represent the plans and how to perform plan search . the ←
→ analyse et structuration automatique des guides de bonnes pratiques cliniques : essai d ' évaluation ; health practice guideliens are supposed to unify practices and propose recommendations to physicians . this paper describes gemframe , a system capable of semi - automatically filling an xml template from free texts in the clinical domain . the xml template includes semantic information not explicitly encoded in the text ( pairs of conditions and ac - tions / recommendations ). therefore , there is a need to compute t ←
→ learning to abstain via curve optimization ; in practical applications of machine learning , it is often desirable to identify and abstain on examples where the a model ' s predictions are likely to be incorrect . we consider the problem of selecting a budget - constrained subset of test examples to abstain on , with the goal of maximizing performance on the remaining examples . we develop a novel approach to this problem by analytically optimizing the expected marginal improvement in a desired performance metric , ←
→ synthcam3d : semantic understanding with synthetic indoor scenes ; we are interested in automatic scene understanding from geometric cues . to this end , we aim to bring semantic segmentation in the loop of real - time reconstruction . our semantic segmentation is built on a deep autoencoder stack trained exclusively on synthetic depth data generated from our novel 3d scene library , synthcam3d . importantly , our network is able to segment real world scenes without any noise modelling . we present encouraging prelim ←
→ anomaly classification with the anti - profile support vector machine ; we introduce the anti - profile support vector machine ( apsvm ) as a novel algorithm to address the anomaly classification problem , an extension of anomaly detection where the goal is to distinguish data samples from a number of anomalous and heterogeneous classes based on their pattern of deviation from a normal stable class . we show that under heterogeneity assumptions defined here that the apsvm can be solved as the dual of a standard svm ←
→ kernel alignment inspired linear discriminant analysis ; kernel alignment measures the degree of similarity between two kernels . in this paper , inspired from kernel alignment , we propose a new linear discriminant analysis ( lda ) formulation , kernel alignment lda ( kalda ). we first define two kernels , data kernel and class indicator kernel . the problem is to find a subspace to maximize the alignment between subspace - transformed data kernel and class indicator kernel . surprisingly , the kernel alignment induced ←
→ testing for differences in gaussian graphical models : applications to brain connectivity ; functional brain networks are well described and estimated from data with gaussian graphical models ( ggms ), e . g . using sparse inverse covariance estimators . comparing functional connectivity of subjects in two populations calls for comparing these estimated ggms . our goal is to identify differences in ggms known to have similar structure . we characterize the uncertainty of differences with confidence intervals obtai ←
→ denoising deep neural networks based voice activity detection ; recently , the deep - belief - networks ( dbn ) based voice activity detection ( vad ) has been proposed . it is powerful in fusing the advantages of multiple features , and achieves the state - of - the - art performance . however , the deep layers of the dbn - based vad do not show an apparent superiority to the shallower layers . in this paper , we propose a denoising - deep - neural - network ( ddnn ) based vad to address the aforementioned problem . specifically , we pre -←
→ towards a normative theory of scientific evidence ; a scientific reasoning system makes decisions using objective evidence in the form of independent experimental trials , propositional axioms , and constraints on the probabilities of events . as a first step towards this goal , we propose a system that derives probability intervals from objective evidence in those forms . our reasoning system can manage uncertainty about data and rules in a rule based expert system . we expect that our system will be particularl ←
→ generating images from captions with attention ; motivated by the recent progress in generative models , we introduce a model that generates images from natural language descriptions . the proposed model iteratively draws patches on a canvas , while attending to the relevant words in the description . after training on microsoft coco , we compare our model with several baseline generative models on image generation and retrieval tasks . we demonstrate that our model produces higher quality samples than other appr ←
→ robust sparse coding via self - paced learning ; sparse coding ( sc ) is attracting more and more attention due to its comprehensive theoretical studies and its excellent performance in many signal processing applications . however , most existing sparse coding algorithms are nonconvex and are thus prone to becoming stuck into bad local minima , especially when there are outliers and noisy data . to enhance the learning robustness , in this paper , we propose a unified framework named self - paced sparse coding ( spsc ),←
→ learning with memory embeddings ; embedding learning , a . k . a . representation learning , has been shown to be able to model large - scale semantic knowledge graphs . a key concept is a mapping of the knowledge graph to a tensor representation whose entries are predicted by models using latent representations of generalized entities . latent variable models are well suited to deal with the high dimensionality and sparsity of typical knowledge graphs . in recent publications the embedding models were extended to also ←
→ data - driven detrending of nonstationary fractal time series with echo state networks ; in this paper , we propose a novel data - driven approach for removing trends ( detrending ) from nonstationary , fractal and multifractal time series . we consider real - valued time series relative to measurements of an underlying dynamical system that evolves through time . we assume that such a dynamical process is predictable to a certain degree by means of a class of recurrent networks called echo state network ( esn ), which ←
→ utilizing asp for generating and visualizing argumentation frameworks ; within the area of computational models of argumentation , the instantiation - based approach is gaining more and more attention , not at least because meaningful input for dung ' s abstract frameworks is provided in that way . in a nutshell , the aim of instantiation - based argumentation is to form , from a given knowledge base , a set of arguments and to identify the conflicts between them . the resulting network is then evaluated by means of ext ←
→ comparison training for computer chinese chess ; this paper describes the application of comparison training ( ct ) for automatic feature weight tuning , with the final objective of improving the evaluation functions used in chinese chess programs . first , we propose an n - tuple network to extract features , since n - tuple networks require very little expert knowledge through its large numbers of features , while simulta - neously allowing easy access . second , we propose a novel evalua - tion method that incorporates t ←
→ classification of big data with application to imaging genetics ; big data applications , such as medical imaging and genetics , typically generate datasets that consist of few observations n on many more variables p , a scenario that we denote as p >> n . traditional data processing methods are often insufficient for extracting information out of big data . this calls for the development of new algorithms that can deal with the size , complexity , and the special structure of such datasets . in this paper , we consid ←
→ retinet : automatic amd identification in oct volumetric data ; optical coherence tomography ( oct ) provides a unique ability to image the eye retina in 3d at micrometer resolution and gives ophthalmologist the ability to visualize retinal diseases such as age - related macular degeneration ( amd ). while visual inspection of oct volumes remains the main method for amd identification , doing so is time consuming as each cross - section within the volume must be inspected individually by the clinician . in much the sa ←
→ improved coresets for kernel density estimates ; we study the construction of coresets for kernel density estimates . that is we show how to approximate the kernel density estimate described by a large point set with another kernel density estimate with a much smaller point set . for characteristic kernels ( including gaussian and laplace kernels ), our approximation preserves the $ l_ \ infty $ error between kernel density estimates within error $\ epsilon $, with coreset size $ 2 /\ epsilon ^ 2 $, but no other aspects of ←
→ adaptive regularization for lasso models in the context of non - stationary data streams ; large scale , streaming datasets are ubiquitous in modern machine learning . streaming algorithms must be scalable , amenable to incremental training and robust to the presence of non - stationarity . in this work consider the problem of learning $\ ell_1 $ regularized linear models in the context of streaming data . in particular , the focus of this work revolves around how to select the regularization parameter when data arri ←
→ says who ? automatic text - based content analysis of television news ; we perform an automatic analysis of television news programs , based on the closed captions that accompany them . specifically , we collect all the news broadcasted in over 140 television channels in the us during a period of six months . we start by segmenting , processing , and annotating the closed captions automatically . next , we focus on the analysis of their linguistic style and on mentions of people using nlp methods . we present a series ←
→ social behavior prediction from first person videos ; this paper presents a method to predict the future movements ( location and gaze direction ) of basketball players as a whole from their first person videos . the predicted behaviors reflect an individual physical space that affords to take the next actions while conforming to social behaviors by engaging to joint attention . our key innovation is to use the 3d reconstruction of multiple first person cameras to automatically annotate each other ' s the visual ←
→ synchronization and redundancy : implications for robustness of neural learning and decision making ; learning and decision making in the brain are key processes critical to survival , and yet are processes implemented by non - ideal biological building blocks which can impose significant error . we explore quantitatively how the brain might cope with this inherent source of error by taking advantage of two ubiquitous mechanisms , redundancy and synchronization . in particular we consider a neural process whose ←
→ moea / d - gm : using probabilistic graphical models in moea / d for solving combinatorial optimization problems ; evolutionary algorithms based on modeling the statistical dependencies ( interactions ) between the variables have been proposed to solve a wide range of complex problems . these algorithms learn and sample probabilistic graphical models able to encode and exploit the regularities of the problem . this paper investigates the effect of using probabilistic modeling techniques as a way to enhance the behav ←
→ joint training of deep boltzmann machines ; we introduce a new method for training deep boltzmann machines jointly . prior methods require an initial learning pass that trains the deep boltzmann machine greedily , one layer at a time , or do not perform well on classifi - cation tasks .←
→ thompson sampling for dynamic pricing ; in this paper we apply active learning algorithms for dynamic pricing in a prominent e - commerce website . dynamic pricing involves changing the price of items on a regular basis , and uses the feedback from the pricing decisions to update prices of the items . most popular approaches to dynamic pricing use a passive learning approach , where the algorithm uses historical data to learn various parameters of the pricing problem , and uses the updated parameters to generate a ←
→" dependency bottleneck " in auto - encoding architectures : an empirical study ; recent works investigated the generalization properties in deep neural networks ( dnns ) by studying the information bottleneck in dnns . however , the mea - surement of the mutual information ( mi ) is often inaccurate due to the density estimation . to address this issue , we propose to measure the dependency instead of mi between layers in dnns . specifically , we propose to use hilbert - schmidt independence criterion ( hsic ) as the depend ←
→ d - flat : declarative problem solving using tree decompositions and answer - set programming ; in this work , we propose answer - set programming ( asp ) as a tool for rapid prototyping of dynamic programming algorithms based on tree decompositions . in fact , many such algorithms have been designed , but only a few of them found their way into implementation . the main obstacle is the lack of easy - to - use systems which ( i ) take care of building a tree decomposition and ( ii ) provide an interface for declarative specifi ←
→ a generalized least squares matrix decomposition ; variables in many massive high - dimensional data sets are structured , arising for example from measurements on a regular grid as in imaging and time series or from spatial - temporal measurements as in climate studies . classical multivariate techniques ignore these structural relationships often resulting in poor performance . we propose a generalization of the singular value decomposition ( svd ) and principal components analysis ( pca ) that is appropriate for ma ←
→ cross - lingual and multilingual speech emotion recognition on english and french ; research on multilingual speech emotion recognition faces the problem that most available speech corpora differ from each other in important ways , such as annotation methods or interaction scenarios . these inconsistencies complicate building a multilingual system . we present results for cross - lingual and multilingual emotion recognition on english and french speech data with similar characteristics in terms of interaction ( h ←
→ integrated tools for engineering ontologies ; the article presents an overview of current specialized ontology engineering tools , as well as texts ' annotation tools based on ontologies . the main functions and features of these tools , their advantages and disadvantages are discussed . a systematic comparative analysis of means for engineering ontologies is presented .←
→ improved explainability of capsule networks : relevance path by agreement ; recent advancements in signal processing and machine learning domains have resulted in an extensive surge of interest in deep learning models due to their unprecedented performance and high accuracy for different and challenging problems of significant engineering importance . however , when such deep learning architectures are utilized for making critical decisions such as the ones that involve human lives ( e . g ., in medical applicatio ←
→ neobility at semeval - 2017 task 1 : an attention - based sentence similarity model ; this paper describes a neural - network model which performed competitively ( top 6 ) at the semeval 2017 cross - lingual semantic textual similarity ( sts ) task . our system employs an attention - based recurrent neural network model that optimizes the sentence similarity . in this paper , we describe our participation in the multilingual sts task which measures similarity across english , spanish , and arabic .←
→ on when and how to use sat to mine frequent itemsets ; a new stream of research was born in the last decade with the goal of mining itemsets of interest using constraint programming ( cp ). this has promoted a natural way to combine complex constraints in a highly flexible manner . although cp state - of - the - art solutions formulate the task using boolean variables , the few attempts to adopt propositional satisfiability ( sat ) provided an unsatisfactory performance . this work deepens the study on when and how to u ←
→ batch reinforcement learning on the industrial benchmark : first experiences ; the particle swarm optimization policy ( pso - p ) has been recently introduced and proven to produce remarkable results on interacting with academic reinforcement learning benchmarks in an off - policy , batch - based setting . to further investigate the properties and feasibility on real - world applications , this paper investigates pso - p on the so - called industrial benchmark ( ib ), a novel reinforcement learning ( rl ) benchmark that aims a ←
→ apply ant colony algorithm to search all extreme points of function ; to find all extreme points of multimodal functions is called extremum problem , which is a well known difficult issue in optimization fields . applying ant colony optimization ( aco ) to solve this problem is rarely reported . the method of applying aco to solve extremum problem is explored in this paper . experiment shows that the solution error of the method presented in this paper is less than 10 ^- 8 . keywords : extremum problem ; ant colony op ←
→ a network perspective on stratification of multi - label data ; in the recent years , we have witnessed the development of multi - label classification methods which utilize the structure of the label space in a divide and conquer approach to improve classification performance and allow large data sets to be classified efficiently . yet most of the available data sets have been provided in train / test splits that did not account for maintaining a distribution of higher - order relationships between labels among spli ←
→ a scalable multi - core architecture with heterogeneous memory structures for dynamic neuromorphic asynchronous processors ( dynaps ) ; neuromorphic computing systems comprise networks of neurons that use asynchronous events for both computation and communication . this type of representation offers several advantages in terms of bandwidth and power consumption in neuromorphic electronic systems . however , managing the traffic of asynchronous events in large scale systems is a daunting task , both in terms of ci ←
→ left ventricle segmentation by modelling uncertainty in prediction of deep convolutional neural networks and adaptive thresholding inference ; deep neural networks have shown great achievements in solving complex problems . however , there are fundamental problems that limit their real world applications . lack of measurable criteria for estimating uncertainty in the network outputs is one of these problems . in this paper , we address this limitation by introducing deformation to the network input and measuri ←
→ parametrizing filters of a cnn with a gan ; it is commonly agreed that the use of relevant invariances as a good statistical bias is important in machine - learning . however , most approaches that explicitly incorporate invariances into a model architecture only make use of very simple transformations , such as translations and rotations . hence , there is a need for methods to model and extract richer transformations that capture much higher - level invariances . to that end , we introduce a tool allowing to paramet ←
→ twitter - network topic model : a full bayesian treatment for social network and text modeling ; twitter data is extremely noisy -- each tweet is short , unstructured and with informal language , a challenge for current topic modeling . on the other hand , tweets are accompanied by extra information such as authorship , hashtags and the user - follower network . exploiting this additional information , we propose the twitter - network ( tn ) topic model to jointly model the text and the social network in a full bayesian ←
→ hone : higher - order network embeddings ; this paper describes a general framework for learning higher - order network embeddings ( hone ) from graph data based on network motifs . the hone framework is highly expressive and flexible with many interchangeable components . the experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of learning higher - order network representations . in all cases , hone outperforms recent embedding methods that are unable to capture higher - order structures with a mean relative gain in auc of ←
→ hclae : high capacity locally aggregating encodings for approximate nearest neighbor search ; vector quantization - based approaches are successful to solve approximate nearest neighbor ( ann ) problems which are critical to many applications . the idea is to generate effective encodings to allow fast distance approximation . we propose quantization - based methods should partition the data space finely and exhibit locality of the dataset to allow efficient non - exhaustive search . in this paper , we introduce the co ←
→ large neighborhood - based metaheuristic and branch - and - price for the pickup and delivery problem with split loads ; we consider the multi - vehicle one - to - one pickup and delivery problem with split loads , a np - hard problem linked with a variety of applications for bulk product transportation , bike - sharing systems and inventory re - balancing . this problem is notoriously difficult due to the interaction of two challenging vehicle routing attributes , " pickups and deliveries " and " split deliveries ". this possibly ←
→ chalearn looking at people : a review of events and resources ; this paper reviews the historic of chalearn looking at people ( lap ) events . we started in 2011 ( with the release of the first kinect device ) to run challenges related to human action / activity and gesture recognition . since then we have regularly organized events in a series of competitions covering all aspects of visual analysis of humans . so far we have organized more than 10 international challenges and events in this field . this paper reviews ←
→ support vector machines for additive models : consistency and robustness ; support vector machines ( svms ) are special kernel based methods and belong to the most successful learning methods since more than a decade . svms can informally be described as a kind of regularized m - estimators for functions and have demonstrated their usefulness in many complicated real - life problems . during the last years a great part of the statistical research on svms has concentrated on the question how to design svms such that ←
→ estimation of variance and spatial correlation width for fine - scale measurement error in digital elevation model ; in this paper , we borrow from blind noise parameter estimation ( bnpe ) methodology early developed in the image processing field an original and innovative no - reference approach to estimate digital elevation model ( dem ) vertical error parameters without resorting to a reference dem . the challenges associated with the proposed approach related to the physical nature of the error and its multifa ←
→ pseudo - bayesian robust pca : algorithms and analyses ; commonly used in computer vision and other applications , robust pca represents an algorithmic attempt to reduce the sensitivity of classical pca to outliers . the basic idea is to learn a decomposition of some data matrix of interest into low rank and sparse components , the latter representing unwanted outliers . although the resulting optimization problem is typically np - hard , convex relaxations provide a computationally - expedient alternative with theoret ←
→ load : local orientation adaptive descriptor for texture and material classification ; in this paper , we propose a novel local feature , called local orientation adaptive descriptor ( load ), to capture regional texture in an image . in load , we proposed to define point description on an adaptive coordinate system ( acs ), adopt a binary sequence descriptor to capture relationships between one point and its neighbors and use multi - scale strategy to enhance the discriminative power of the descriptor . the proposed ←
→ geometry of interest ( goi ): spatio - temporal destination extraction and partitioning in gps trajectory data ; nowadays large amounts of gps trajectory data is being continuously collected by gps - enabled devices such as vehicles navigation systems and mobile phones . gps trajectory data is useful for applications such as traffic management , location forecasting , and itinerary planning . such applications often need to extract the time - stamped sequence of visited locations ( svls ) of the mobile objects . the nea ←
→ control of memory , active perception , and action in minecraft ; in this paper , we introduce a new set of reinforcement learning ( rl ) tasks in minecraft ( a flexible 3d world ). we then use these tasks to systematically compare and contrast existing deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) architectures with our new memory - based drl architectures . these tasks are designed to emphasize , in a controllable manner , issues that pose challenges for rl methods including partial observability ( due to first - person visual obse ←
→ mining all non - derivable frequent itemsets ; recent studies on frequent itemset mining algorithms resulted in significant performance improvements . however , if the minimal support threshold is set too low , or the data is highly correlated , the number of frequent itemsets itself can be prohibitively large . to overcome this problem , recently several proposals have been made to construct a concise representation of the frequent itemsets , instead of mining all frequent itemsets . the main goal of this paper is t ←
→ leave a trace - a people tracking system meets anomaly detection ; video surveillance always had a negative connotation , among others because of the loss of privacy and because it may not automatically increase public safety . if it was able to detect atypical ( i . e . dangerous ) situations in real time , autonomously and anonymously , this could change . a prerequisite for this is a reliable automatic detection of possibly dangerous situations from video data . this is done classically by object extraction and tra ←
→ improving the robustness of deep neural networks via stability training ; in this paper we address the issue of output instability of deep neural networks : small perturbations in the visual input can significantly distort the feature embeddings and output of a neural network . such instability affects many deep architectures with state - of - the - art performance on a wide range of computer vision tasks . we present a general stability training method to stabilize deep networks against small input distortions that ←
→ descriptor ensemble : an unsupervised approach to descriptor fusion in the homography space ; with the aim to improve the performance of feature matching , we present an unsupervised approach to fuse various local descriptors in the space of homographies . inspired by the observation that the homographies of correct feature correspondences vary smoothly along the spatial domain , our approach stands on the unsupervised nature of feature matching , and can select a good descriptor for matching each feature poin ←
→ no classification without representation : assessing geodiversity issues in open data sets for the developing world ; modern machine learning systems such as image classifiers rely heavily on large scale data sets for training . such data sets are costly to create , thus in practice a small number of freely available , open source data sets are widely used . we suggest that examining the geo - diversity of open data sets is critical before adopting a data set for use cases in the developing world . we analyze two ←
→ sampled fictitious play is hannan consistent ; fictitious play is a simple and widely studied adaptive heuristic for playing repeated games . it is well known that fictitious play fails to be hannan consistent . several variants of fictitious play including regret matching , generalized regret matching and smooth fictitious play , are known to be hannan consistent . in this note , we consider sampled fictitious play : at each round , the player samples past times and plays the best response to previous moves of oth ←
→ kernel principal component analysis network for image classification ; in order to classify the nonlinear feature with linear classifier and improve the classification accuracy , a deep learning network named kernel principal component analysis network ( kpcanet ) is proposed . first , mapping the data into higher space with kernel principal component analysis to make the data linearly separable . then building a two - layer kpcanet to obtain the principal components of image . finally , classifying the principal com ←
→ parallel stochastic gradient descent with sound combiners ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is a well known method for regression and classification tasks . however , it is an inherently sequential algorithm at each step , the processing of the current example depends on the parameters learned from the previous examples . prior approaches to parallelizing linear learners using sgd , such as hogwild ! and allreduce , do not honor these dependencies across threads and thus can potentially suffer poor convergence r ←
→ evolution of genetic organization in digital organisms ; we examine the evolution of expression patterns and the organization of genetic information in populations of self - replicating digital organisms . seeding the experiments with a linearly expressed ancestor , we witness the development of complex , parallel secondary expression patterns . using principles from information theory , we demonstrate an evolutionary pressure towards overlapping expressions causing variation ( and hence further evolution ) to sharp ←
→ online tracking parameter adaptation based on evaluation ; parameter tuning is a common issue for many tracking algorithms . in order to solve this problem , this paper proposes an online parameter tuning to adapt a tracking algorithm to various scene contexts . in an offline training phase , this approach learns how to tune the tracker parameters to cope with different contexts . in the online control phase , once the tracking quality is evaluated as not good enough , the proposed approach computes the current co ←
→ mining for trees in a graph is np - complete ; mining for trees in a graph is shown to be np - complete .←
→ representing the insincere : strategically robust proportional representation ; proportional representation ( pr ) is a fundamental principle of many democracies world - wide which employ pr - based voting rules to elect their representatives . the normative properties of these voting rules however , are often only understood in the context of sincere voting . in this paper we consider pr in the presence of strategic voters . we construct a voting rule such that for every preference profile there exists at least o ←
→ automatic calcium scoring in low - dose chest ct using deep neural networks with dilated convolutions ; heavy smokers undergoing screening with low - dose chest ct are affected by cardiovascular disease as much as by lung cancer . low - dose chest ct scans acquired in screening enable quantification of atherosclerotic calcifications and thus enable identification of subjects at increased cardiovascular risk . this paper presents a method for automatic detection of coronary artery , thoracic aorta and cardiac valve ←
→ predictive interval models for non - parametric regression ; having a regression model , we are interested in finding two - sided intervals that are guaranteed to contain at least a desired proportion of the conditional distribution of the response variable given a specific combination of predictors . we name such intervals predictive intervals . this work presents a new method to find two - sided predictive intervals for non - parametric least squares regression without the homoscedasticity assumption . our predictive ←
→ more adaptive algorithms for adversarial bandits ; we develop a novel and generic algorithm for the adversarial multi - armed bandit problem ( or more generally the combinatorial semi - bandit problem ). when instantiated differently , our algorithm achieves various new data - dependent regret bounds improving previous work . examples include : 1 ) a regret bound depending on the variance of only the best arm ; 2 ) a regret bound depending on the first - order path - length of only the best arm ; 3 ) a regret bound depending o ←
→ learning what to share between loosely related tasks ; multi - task learning is motivated by the observation that humans bring to bear what they know about related problems when solving new ones . similarly , deep neural networks can profit from related tasks by sharing parameters with other networks . however , humans do not consciously decide to transfer knowledge between tasks . in natural language processing ( nlp ), it is hard to predict if sharing will lead to improvements , particularly if tasks are only loose ←
→ covering rough sets based on neighborhoods : an approach without using neighborhoods ; rough set theory , a mathematical tool to deal with inexact or uncertain knowledge in information systems , has originally described the indiscernibility of elements by equivalence relations . covering rough sets are a natural extension of classical rough sets by relaxing the partitions arising from equivalence relations to coverings . recently , some topological concepts such as neighborhood have been applied to covering rou ←
→ modelling contractual arguments ; one influential approach to assessing the " goodness " of arguments is offered by the pragma - dialectical school ( p - d ) ( eemeren & grootendorst 1992 ). this can be compared with rhetorical structure theory ( rst ) ( mann & thompson 1988 ), an approach that originates in discourse analysis . in p - d terms an argument is good if it avoids committing a fallacy , whereas in rst terms an argument is good if it is coherent . rst has been criticised ( snoeck henkemans 1997 ) for providing only a ←
→ under - determined reverberant audio source separation using a full - rank spatial covariance model ; this article addresses the modeling of reverberant recording environments in the context of under - determined convolutive blind source separation . we model the contribution of each source to all mixture channels in the time - frequency domain as a zero - mean gaussian random variable whose covariance encodes the spatial characteristics of the source . we then consider four specific covariance models , including a fu ←
→ the nlp engine : a universal turing machine for nlp ; it is commonly accepted that machine translation is a more complex task than part of speech tagging . but how much more complex ? in this paper we make an attempt to develop a general framework and methodology for computing the informational and / or processing complexity of nlp applications and tasks . we define a universal framework akin to a turning machine that attempts to fit ( most ) nlp tasks into one paradigm . we calculate the complexities of various nlp ←
→ noise - tolerant learning , the parity problem , and the statistical query model ; we describe a slightly sub - exponential time algorithm for learning parity functions in the presence of random classification noise . this results in a polynomial - time algorithm for the case of parity functions that depend on only the first o ( log n log log n ) bits of input . this is the first known instance of an efficient noise - tolerant algorithm for a concept class that is provably not learnable in the statistical query model of ←
→ change - point detection methods for body - worn video ; body - worn video ( bwv ) cameras are increasingly utilized by police departments to provide a record of police - public interactions . however , large - scale bwv deployment produces terabytes of data per week , necessitating the development of effective computational methods to identify salient changes in video . in work carried out at the 2016 rips program at ipam , ucla , we present a novel two - stage framework for video change - point detection . first , we employ stat ←
→ enhancement and recognition of reverberant and noisy speech by extending its coherence ; most speech enhancement algorithms make use of the short - time fourier transform ( stft ), which is a simple and flexible time - frequency decomposition that estimates the short - time spectrum of a signal . however , the duration of short stft frames are inherently limited by the nonstationarity of speech signals . the main contribution of this paper is a demonstration of speech enhancement and automatic speech recognition in ←
→ extracting higher - order goals from the mizar mathematical library ; certain constructs allowed in mizar articles cannot be represented in first - order logic but can be represented in higher - order logic . we describe a way to obtain higher - order theorem proving problems from mizar articles that make use of these constructs . in particular , higher - order logic is used to represent schemes , a global choice construct and set level binders . the higher - order automated theorem provers satallax and leo - ii have been run ←
→ semantic parsing with semi - supervised sequential autoencoders ; we present a novel semi - supervised approach for sequence transduction and apply it to semantic parsing . the unsupervised component is based on a generative model in which latent sentences generate the unpaired logical forms . we apply this method to a number of semantic parsing tasks focusing on domains with limited access to labelled training data and extend those datasets with synthetically generated logical forms .←
→ optimizing f - measure : a tale of two approaches ; f - measures are popular performance metrics , particularly for tasks with imbalanced data sets . algorithms for learning to maximize f - measures follow two approaches : the empirical utility maximization ( eum ) approach learns a classifier having optimal performance on training data , while the decision - theoretic approach learns a probabilistic model and then predicts labels with maximum expected f - measure . in this paper , we investigate the theoretical justification ←
→ reduction of overfitting in diabetes prediction using deep learning neural network ; augmented accuracy in prediction of diabetes will open up new frontiers in health prognostics . data overfitting is a performance - degrading issue in diabetes prognosis . in this study , a prediction system for the disease of diabetes is pre - sented where the issue of overfitting is minimized by using the dropout method . deep learning neural network is used where both fully connected layers are fol - lowed by dropout layers . the ←
→ visualizing and improving scattering networks ; scattering transforms ( or scatternets ) introduced by mallat are a promising start into creating a well - defined feature extractor to use for pattern recognition and image classification tasks . they are of particular interest due to their architectural similarity to convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), while requiring no parameter learning and still performing very well ( particularly in constrained classification tasks ). in this paper we visualize what the de ←
→ relating strong spatial cognition to symbolic problem solving --- an example ; in this note , we discuss and analyse a shortest path finding approach using strong spatial cognition . it is compared with a symbolic graph - based algorithm and it is shown that both approaches are similar with respect to structure and complexity . nevertheless , the strong spatial cognition solution is easy to understand and even pops up immediately when one has to solve the problem .←
→ analysis of optimal recombination in genetic algorithm for a scheduling problem with setups ; in this paper , we perform an experimental study of optimal recombination operator for makespan minimization problem on single machine with sequence - dependent setup times ($ 1 | s_ { vu }| c_ {\ max }$). the computational experiment on benchmark problems from tsplib library indicates practical applicability of optimal recombination in crossover operator of genetic algorithm for $ 1 | s_ { vu }| c_ {\ max }$.←
→ simlex - 999 : evaluating semantic models with ( genuine ) similarity estimation ; we present simlex - 999 , a gold standard resource for evaluating distributional semantic models that improves on existing resources in several important ways . first , in contrast to gold standards such as wordsim - 353 and men , it explicitly quantifies similarity rather than association or relatedness , so that pairs of entities that are associated but not actually similar [ freud , psychology ] have a low rating . we show that , via this ←
→ bayesian network classifiers in a high dimensional framework ; we present a growing dimension asymptotic formalism . the perspective in this paper is classification theory and we show that it can accommodate probabilistic networks classifiers , including naive bayes model and its augmented version . when represented as a bayesian network these classifiers have an important advantage : the corresponding discriminant function turns out to be a specialized case of a generalized additive model , which makes it possi ←
→ coherent motion segmentation in moving camera videos using optical flow orientations ; in moving camera videos , motion segmentation is commonly performed using the image plane motion of pixels , or optical flow . however , objects that are at different depths from the camera can exhibit different optical flows even if they share the same real - world motion . this can cause a depth - dependent segmentation of the scene . our goal is to develop a segmentation algorithm that clusters pixels that have similar real - wo ←
→ von mises - fisher mixture model - based deep learning : application to face verification ; a number of pattern recognition tasks , \ textit { e . g .}, face verification , can be boiled down to classification or clustering of unit length directional feature vectors whose distance can be simply computed by their angle . in this paper , we propose the von mises - fisher ( vmf ) mixture model as the theoretical foundation for an effective deep - learning of such directional features and derive a novel vmf mixture loss and its c ←
→ a solution for multi - alignment by transformation synchronisation ; the alignment of a set of objects by means of transformations plays an important role in computer vision . whilst the case for only two objects can be solved globally , when multiple objects are considered usually iterative methods are used . in practice the iterative methods perform well if the relative transformations between any pair of objects are free of noise . however , if only noisy relative transformations are available ( e . g . due to miss ←
→ a proximal approach for sparse multiclass svm ; sparsity - inducing penalties are useful tools to design multiclass support vector machines ( svms ). in this paper , we propose a convex optimization approach for efficiently and exactly solving the multiclass svm learning problem involving a sparse regularization and the multiclass hinge loss formulated by crammer and singer . we provide two algorithms : the first one dealing with the hinge loss as a penalty term , and the other one addressing the case when the hing ←
→ the recycling gibbs sampler for efficient learning ; monte carlo methods are essential tools for bayesian inference . gibbs sampling is a well - known markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) algorithm , extensively used in signal processing , machine learning , and statistics , employed to draw samples from complicated high - dimensional posterior distributions . the key point for the successful application of the gibbs sampler is the ability to draw efficiently samples from the full - conditional probability density functions ←
→ advances in human action recognition : a survey ; human action recognition has been an important topic in computer vision due to its many applications such as video surveillance , human machine interaction and video retrieval . one core problem behind these applications is automatically recognizing low - level actions and high - level activities of interest . the former is usually the basis for the latter . this survey gives an overview of the most recent advances in human action recognition during the past several ←
→ a model of virtual carrier immigration in digital images for region segmentation ; a novel model for image segmentation is proposed , which is inspired by the carrier immigration mechanism in physical p - n junction . the carrier diffusing and drifting are simulated in the proposed model , which imitates the physical self - balancing mechanism in p - n junction . the effect of virtual carrier immigration in digital images is analyzed and studied by experiments on test images and real world images . the sign distribu ←
→ candidates v . s . noises estimation for large multi - class classification problem ; this paper proposes a method for multi - class classification problems , where the number of classes $ k $ is large . the method , referred to as {\ em candidates v . s . noises estimation } ( cane ), selects a small subset of candidate classes and samples the remaining classes . we show that cane is always consistent and computationally efficient . moreover , the resulting estimator has low statistical variance approaching that of the maximu ←
→ bridging the gap : incorporating a semantic similarity measure for effectively mapping pubmed queries to documents ; the main approach of traditional information retrieval ( ir ) is to examine how many words from a query appear in a document . a drawback of this approach , however , is that it may fail to detect relevant documents where no or only few words from a query are found . the semantic analysis methods such as lsa ( latent semantic analysis ) and lda ( latent dirichlet allocation ) have been proposed to add ←
→ iteratively - reweighted least - squares fitting of support vector machines : a majorization -- minimization algorithm approach ; support vector machines ( svms ) are an important tool in modern data analysis . traditionally , support vector machines have been fitted via quadratic programming , either using purpose - built or off - the - shelf algorithms . we present an alternative approach to svm fitting via the majorization -- minimization ( mm ) paradigm . algorithms that are derived via mm algorithm constructions can be show ←
→ depth creates no bad local minima ; in deep learning , \ textit { depth }, as well as \ textit { nonlinearity }, create non - convex loss surfaces . then , does depth alone create bad local minima ? in this paper , we prove that without nonlinearity , depth alone does not create bad local minima , although it induces non - convex loss surface . using this insight , we greatly simplify a recently proposed proof to show that all of the local minima of feedforward deep linear neural networks are global minima . our theoretical resu ←
→ qbdc : query by dropout committee for training deep supervised architecture ; while the current trend is to increase the depth of neural networks to increase their performance , the size of their training database has to grow accordingly . we notice an emergence of tremendous databases , although providing labels to build a training set still remains a very expensive task . we tackle the problem of selecting the samples to be labelled in an online fashion . in this paper , we present an active learning strategy ←
→ skeleton - based action recognition using spatio - temporal lstm network with trust gates ; skeleton - based human action recognition has attracted a lot of research attention during the past few years . recent works attempted to utilize recurrent neural networks to model the temporal dependencies between the 3d positional configurations of human body joints for better analysis of human activities in the skeletal data . the proposed work extends this idea to spatial domain as well as temporal domain to better ana ←
→ diversity enhancement for micro - differential evolution ; the differential evolution ( de ) algorithm suffers from high computational time due to slow nature of evaluation . in contrast , micro - de ( mde ) algorithms employ a very small population size , which can converge faster to a reasonable solution . however , these algorithms are vulnerable to a premature convergence as well as to high risk of stagnation . in this paper , mde algorithm with vectorized random mutation factor ( mdevm ) is proposed , which utilizes the ←
→ multi - path region - based convolutional neural network for accurate detection of unconstrained " hard faces " ; large - scale variations still pose a challenge in unconstrained face detection . to the best of our knowledge , no current face detection algorithm can detect a face as large as 800 x 800 pixels while simultaneously detecting another one as small as 8 x 8 pixels within a single image with equally high accuracy . we propose a two - stage cascaded face detection framework , multi - path region - based convolutio ←
→ learning from video and text via large - scale discriminative clustering ; discriminative clustering has been successfully applied to a number of weakly - supervised learning tasks . such applications include person and action recognition , text - to - video alignment , object co - segmentation and colocalization in videos and images . one drawback of discriminative clustering , however , is its limited scalability . we address this issue and propose an online optimization algorithm based on the block - coordinate frank - wolfe ←
→ the nnn formalization : review and development of guideline specification in the care domain ; due to an ageing society , it can be expected that less nursing personnel will be responsible for an increasing number of patients in the future . one way to address this challenge is to provide system - based support for nursing personnel in creating , executing , and adapting patient care processes . in care practice , these processes are following the general care process definition and individually specified accordin ←
→ proceedings of the 11th workshop on quantum physics and logic ; this volume contains the proceedings of the 11th international workshop on quantum physics and logic ( qpl 2014 ), which was held from the 4th to the 6th of june , 2014 , at kyoto university , japan . the goal of the qpl workshop series is to bring together researchers working on mathematical foundations of quantum physics , quantum computing and spatio - temporal causal structures , and in particular those that use logical tools , ordered algebraic and ←
→ implicit manifold learning on generative adversarial networks ; this paper raises an implicit manifold learning perspective in generative adversarial networks ( gans ), by studying how the support of the learned distribution , modelled as a submanifold $\ mathcal { m } _ {\ theta }$, perfectly match with $\ mathcal { m } _ { r }$, the support of the real data distribution . we show that optimizing jensen - shannon divergence forces $\ mathcal { m } _ {\ theta }$ to perfectly match with $\ mathcal { m } _ { r }$, while optimizing wasserstein dis ←
→ designing deep convolutional neural networks for continuous object orientation estimation ; deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnn ) have been proven to be effective for various computer vision problems . in this work , we demonstrate its effectiveness on a continuous object orientation estimation task , which requires prediction of 0 to 360 degrees orientation of the objects . we do so by proposing and comparing three continuous orientation prediction approaches designed for the dcnns . the first two approac ←
→ the achievement of higher flexibility in multiple choice - based tests using image classification techniques ; in spite of the high accuracy of the existing optical mark reading ( omr ) systems and devices , a few restrictions remain existent . in this work , we aim to reduce the restrictions of multiple choice questions ( mcq ) within tests . we use an image registration technique to extract the answer boxes from the answer sheets . unlike other systems that rely on simple image processing steps to recognize the ex ←
→ approximate maximum entropy principles via goemans - williamson with applications to provable variational methods ; the well known maximum - entropy principle due to jaynes , which states that given mean parameters , the maximum entropy distribution matching them is in an exponential family , has been very popular in machine learning due to its " occam ' s razor " interpretation . unfortunately , calculating the potentials in the maximum - entropy distribution is intractable \ cite { bresler2014hardness }. we provide comput ←
→ connecting spiking neurons to a spiking memristor network changes the memristor dynamics ; memristors have been suggested as neuromorphic computing elements . spike - time dependent plasticity and the hodgkin - huxley model of the neuron have both been modelled effectively by memristor theory . the d . c . response of the memristor is a current spike . based on these three facts we suggest that memristors are well - placed to interface directly with neurons . in this paper we show that connecting a spiking memristor n ←
→ multi - class semantic segmentation of skin lesions via fully convolutional networks ; early detection of skin cancer , particularly melanoma , is crucial to enable advanced treatment . due to the rapid growth of skin cancers , there is a growing need of computerized analysis for skin lesions . these processes including detection , classification , and segmentation . there are three main types of skin lesions in common that are benign nevi , melanoma , and seborrhoeic keratoses which have huge intra - class variations ←
→ on the tractable counting of theory models and its application to belief revision and truth maintenance ; we introduced decomposable negation normal form ( dnnf ) recently as a tractable form of propositional theories , and provided a number of powerful logical operations that can be performed on it in polynomial time . we also presented an algorithm for compiling any conjunctive normal form ( cnf ) into dnnf and provided a structure - based guarantee on its space and time complexity . we present in this paper a l ←
→ non - gaussian information from weak lensing data via deep learning ; weak lensing maps contain information beyond two - point statistics on small scales . much recent work has tried to extract this information through a range of different observables or via nonlinear transformations of the lensing field . here we train and apply a 2d convolutional neural network to simulated noiseless lensing maps covering 96 different cosmological models over a range of {$\ omega_m ,\ sigma_8 $}. using the area of the confidence co ←
→ reviving threshold - moving : a simple plug - in bagging ensemble for binary and multiclass imbalanced data ; class imbalance presents a major hurdle in the application of data mining methods . a common practice to deal with it is to create ensembles of classifiers that learn from resampled balanced data . for example , bagged decision trees combined with random undersampling ( rus ) or the synthetic minority oversampling technique ( smote ). however , most of the resampling methods entail asymmetric changes to the ex ←
→ food ingredients recognition through multi - label learning ; automatically constructing a food diary that tracks the ingredients consumed can help people follow a healthy diet . we tackle the problem of food ingredients recognition as a multi - label learning problem . we propose a method for adapting a highly performing state of the art cnn in order to act as a multi - label predictor for learning recipes in terms of their list of ingredients . we prove that our model is able to , given a picture , predict its list ←
→ convolutional neural networks for facial expression recognition ; we have developed convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) for a facial expression recognition task . the goal is to classify each facial image into one of the seven facial emotion categories considered in this study . we trained cnn models with different depth using gray - scale images . we developed our models in torch and exploited graphics processing unit ( gpu ) computation in order to expedite the training process . in addition to the networks perfo ←
→ decomposition of the nvalue constraint ; we study decompositions of nvalue , a global constraint that can be used to model a wide range of problems where values need to be counted . whilst decomposition typically hinders propagation , we identify one decomposition that maintains a global view as enforcing bound consistency on the decomposition achieves bound consistency on the original global nvalue constraint . such decompositions offer the prospect for advanced solving techniques like nogood learning and impa ←
→ context - specific independence in graphical log - linear models ; log - linear models are the popular workhorses of analyzing contingency tables . a log - linear parameterization of an interaction model can be more expressive than a direct parameterization based on probabilities , leading to a powerful way of defining restrictions derived from marginal , conditional and context - specific independence . however , parameter estimation is often simpler under a direct parameterization , provided that the model enjoys certain ←
→ future frame prediction for anomaly detection -- a new baseline ; anomaly detection in videos refers to the identification of events that do not conform to expected behavior . however , almost all existing methods tackle the problem by minimizing the reconstruction errors of training data , which cannot guarantee a larger reconstruction error for an abnormal event . in this paper , we propose to tackle the anomaly detection problem within a video prediction framework . to the best of our knowledge , this is the fi ←
→ servant of many masters : shifting priorities in pareto - optimal sequential decision - making ; it is often argued that an agent making decisions on behalf of two or more principals who have different utility functions should adopt a {\ em pareto - optimal } policy , i . e ., a policy that cannot be improved upon for one agent without making sacrifices for another . a famous theorem of harsanyi shows that , when the principals have a common prior on the outcome distributions of all policies , a pareto - optimal policy for ←
→ local radon descriptors for image search ; radon transform and its inverse operation are important techniques in medical imaging tasks . recently , there has been renewed interest in radon transform for applications such as content - based medical image retrieval . however , all studies so far have used radon transform as a global or quasi - global image descriptor by extracting projections of the whole image or large sub - images . this paper attempts to show that the dense sampling to generate the histogram of local ←
→ theano : new features and speed improvements ; theano is a linear algebra compiler that optimizes a user ' s symbolically - specified mathematical computations to produce efficient low - level implementations . in this paper , we present new features and efficiency improvements to theano , and benchmarks demonstrating theano ' s performance relative to torch7 , a recently introduced machine learning library , and to rnnlm , a c ++ library targeted at recurrent neural networks .←
→ a protocol for self - synchronized duty - cycling in sensor networks : generic implementation in wiselib ; in this work we present a protocol for self - synchronized duty - cycling in wireless sensor networks with energy harvesting capabilities . the protocol is implemented in wiselib , a library of generic algorithms for sensor networks . simulations are conducted with the sensor network simulator shawn . they are based on the specifications of real hardware known as isense sensor nodes . the experimental results show ←
→ continuous time markov networks ; a central task in many applications is reasoning about processes that change in a continuous time . the mathematical framework of continuous time markov processes provides the basic foundations for modeling such systems . recently , nodelman et al introduced continuous time bayesian networks ( ctbns ), which allow a compact representation of continuous - time processes over a factored state space . in this paper , we introduce continuous time markov networks ( ctmns ), an alternative ←
→ fine - grained image classification by exploring bipartite - graph labels ; given a food image , can a fine - grained object recognition engine tell " which restaurant which dish " the food belongs to ? such ultra - fine grained image recognition is the key for many applications like search by images , but it is very challenging because it needs to discern subtle difference between classes while dealing with the scarcity of training data . fortunately , the ultra - fine granularity naturally brings rich relationships among ←
→ skin lesion analysis towards melanoma detection using deep learning network ; skin lesion is a severe disease in world - wide extent . early detection of melanoma in dermoscopy images significantly increases the survival rate . however , the accurate recognition of melanoma is extremely challenging due to the following reasons , e . g . low contrast between lesions and skin , visual similarity between melanoma and non - melanoma lesions , etc . hence , reliable automatic detection of skin tumors is very useful to increa ←
→ unsupervised learning via total correlation explanation ; learning by children and animals occurs effortlessly and largely without obvious supervision . successes in automating supervised learning have not translated to the more ambiguous realm of unsupervised learning where goals and labels are not provided . barlow ( 1961 ) suggested that the signal that brains leverage for unsupervised learning is dependence , or redundancy , in the sensory environment . dependence can be characterized using the information - the ←
→ 3d shape reconstruction from sketches via multi - view convolutional networks ; we propose a method for reconstructing 3d shapes from 2d sketches in the form of line drawings . our method takes as input a single sketch , or multiple sketches , and outputs a dense point cloud representing a 3d reconstruction of the input sketch ( es ). the point cloud is then converted into a polygon mesh . at the heart of our method lies a deep , encoder - decoder network . the encoder converts the sketch into a compact representation ←
→ proceedings of the doctoral consortium and poster session of the 5th international symposium on rules ( ruleml 2011 @ ijcai ) ; this volume contains the papers presented at the first edition of the doctoral consortium of the 5th international symposium on rules ( ruleml 2011 @ ijcai ) held on july 19th , 2011 in barcelona , as well as the poster session papers of the ruleml 2011 @ ijcai main conference .←
→ implementation of a practical distributed calculation system with browsers and javascript , and application to distributed deep learning ; deep learning can achieve outstanding results in various fields . however , it requires so significant computational power that graphics processing units ( gpus ) and / or numerous computers are often required for the practical application . we have developed a new distributed calculation framework called " sashimi " that allows any computer to be used as a distribution node onl ←
→ convolutional oriented boundaries : from image segmentation to high - level tasks ; we present convolutional oriented boundaries ( cob ), which produces multiscale oriented contours and region hierarchies starting from generic image classification convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). cob is computationally efficient , because it requires a single cnn forward pass for multi - scale contour detection and it uses a novel sparse boundary representation for hierarchical segmentation ; it gives a significant leap in pe ←
→ automatic dialect detection in arabic broadcast speech ; we investigate different approaches for dialect identification in arabic broadcast speech , using phonetic , lexical features obtained from a speech recognition system , and acoustic features using the i - vector framework . we studied both generative and discriminate classifiers , and we combined these features using a multi - class support vector machine ( svm ). we validated our results on an arabic / english language identification task , with an accuracy of 10 ←
→ counting cells in time - lapse microscopy using deep neural networks ; an automatic approach to counting any kind of cells could alleviate work of the experts and boost the research in fields such as regenerative medicine . in this paper , a method for microscopy cell counting using multiple frames ( hence temporal information ) is proposed . unlike previous approaches where the cell counting is done independently in each frame ( static cell counting ), in this work the cell counting prediction is done using multipl ←
→ bayesian classification and regression with high dimensional features ; this thesis responds to the challenges of using a large number , such as thousands , of features in regression and classification problems . there are two situations where such high dimensional features arise . one is when high dimensional measurements are available , for example , gene expression data produced by microarray techniques . for computational or other reasons , people may select only a small subset of features when modelling such ←
→ tumornet : lung nodule characterization using multi - view convolutional neural network with gaussian process ; characterization of lung nodules as benign or malignant is one of the most important tasks in lung cancer diagnosis , staging and treatment planning . while the variation in the appearance of the nodules remains large , there is a need for a fast and robust computer aided system . in this work , we propose an end - to - end trainable multi - view deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for nodule characteriza ←
→ interactive learning from policy - dependent human feedback ; for agents and robots to become more useful , they must be able to quickly learn from non - technical users . this paper investigates the problem of interactively learning behaviors communicated by a human teacher using positive and negative feedback . much previous work on this problem has made the assumption that people provide feedback for decisions that is dependent on the behavior they are teaching and is independent from the learner ' s current poli ←
→ large scale digital prostate pathology image analysis combining feature extraction and deep neural network ; histopathological assessments , including surgical resection and core needle biopsy , are the standard procedures in the diagnosis of the prostate cancer . current interpretation of the histopathology images includes the determination of the tumor area , gleason grading , and identification of certain prognosis - critical features . such a process is not only tedious , but also prune to intra / inter - observe ←
→ neural coarse - graining : extracting slowly - varying latent degrees of freedom with neural networks ; we present a loss function for neural networks that encompasses an idea of trivial versus non - trivial predictions , such that the network jointly determines its own prediction goals and learns to satisfy them . this permits the network to choose sub - sets of a problem which are most amenable to its abilities to focus on solving , while discarding ' distracting ' elements that interfere with its learning . to do thi ←
→ riemannian stein variational gradient descent for bayesian inference ; we develop riemannian stein variational gradient descent ( rsvgd ), a bayesian inference method that generalizes stein variational gradient descent ( svgd ) to riemann manifold . the benefits are two - folds : ( i ) for inference tasks in euclidean spaces , rsvgd has the advantage over svgd of utilizing information geometry , and ( ii ) for inference tasks on riemann manifolds , rsvgd brings the unique advantages of svgd to the riemannian world . to app ←
→ an adaptive cluster - based wiener filter for speckle reduction of oct skin images ; optical coherence tomography ( oct ) has become a favorable device in the dermatology discipline due to its moderate resolution and penetration depth . oct images , however , contain a grainy pattern , called speckle , due to the use of a broadband source in the configuration of oct . so far , a variety of filtering techniques is introduced to reduce speckle in oct images . most of these methods are generic and can be applied to oct ←
→ smoothed hierarchical dirichlet process : a non - parametric approach to constraint measures ; time - varying mixture densities occur in many scenarios , for example , the distributions of keywords that appear in publications may evolve from year to year , video frame features associated with multiple targets may evolve in a sequence . any models that realistically cater to this phenomenon must exhibit two important properties : the underlying mixture densities must have an unknown number of mixtures , and there mus ←
→ on finding predictors for arbitrary families of processes ; the problem is sequence prediction in the following setting . a sequence $ x_1 ,..., x_n ,...$ of discrete - valued observations is generated according to some unknown probabilistic law ( measure ) $\ mu $. after observing each outcome , it is required to give the conditional probabilities of the next observation . the measure $\ mu $ belongs to an arbitrary but known class $ c $ of stochastic process measures . we are interested in predictors $\ rho $ whose condition ←
→ intriguing properties of adversarial examples ; it is becoming increasingly clear that many machine learning classifiers are vulnerable to adversarial examples . in attempting to explain the origin of adversarial examples , previous studies have typically focused on the fact that neural networks operate on high dimensional data , they overfit , or they are too linear . here we argue that the origin of adversarial examples is primarily due to an inherent uncertainty that neural networks have about their predictio ←
→ implementation of an automatic syllabic division algorithm from speech files in portuguese language ; a new algorithm for voice automatic syllabic splitting in the portuguese language is proposed , which is based on the envelope of the speech signal of the input audio file . a computational implementation in matlabtm is presented and made available at the url http :// www2 . ee . ufpe . br / codec / divisao_silabica . html . due to its straightforwardness , the proposed method is very attractive for embedded systems ( e . g . ←
→ maximum entropy based non - negative optoacoustic tomographic image reconstruction ; optoacoustic ( photoacoustic ) tomography reconstructs maps of the initial pressure rise induced by the absorption of light pulses in tissue . in practice , due to inaccurate assumptions in the forward model employed , noise and other experimental factors , the images often contain errors , occasionally manifested as negative values . we present optoacoustic tomography based on an entropy maximization algorithm that uses logarithmi ←
→ matroidal structure of rough sets based on serial and transitive relations ; the theory of rough sets is concerned with the lower and upper approximations of objects through a binary relation on a universe . it has been applied to machine learning , knowledge discovery and data mining . the theory of matroids is a generalization of linear independence in vector spaces . it has been used in combinatorial optimization and algorithm design . in order to take advantages of both rough sets and matroids , in this pap ←
→ q - gaussian swarm quantum particle intelligence on predicting global minimum of potential energy function ; we present a newly developed - gaussian swarm quantum - like particle optimization ( q - gsqpo ) algorithm to determine the global minimum of the potential energy function . swarm quantum - like particle optimization ( sqpo ) algorithms have been derived using different attractive potential fields to represent swarm particles moving in a quantum environment , where the one which uses a harmonic oscillator potenti ←
→ metrics for deep generative models ; neural samplers such as variational autoencoders ( vaes ) or generative adversarial networks ( gans ) approximate distributions by transforming samples from a simple random source --- the latent space --- to samples from a more complex distribution represented by a dataset . while the manifold hypothesis implies that the density induced by a dataset contains large regions of low density , the training criterions of vaes and gans will make the latent space densely covered . conseque ←
→ improved learning of bayesian networks ; the search space of bayesian network structures is usually defined as acyclic directed graphs ( dags ) and the search is done by local transformations of dags . but the space of bayesian networks is ordered by dag markov model inclusion and it is natural to consider that a good search policy should take this into account . first attempt to do this ( chickering 1996 ) was using equivalence classes of dags instead of dags itself . this approach produces better results but it ←
→ protodash : fast interpretable prototype selection ; in this paper we propose an efficient algorithm protodash for selecting prototypical examples from complex datasets . our generalizes the learn to criticize ( l2c ) work by kim et al . ( 2016 ) to not only select prototypes for a given sparsity level $ m $ but also to associate non - negative ( for interpretability ) weights with each of them indicative of the importance of each prototype . this extension provides a single coherent framework under which both prototypes ←
→ fast single image super - resolution ; this paper addresses the problem of single image super - resolution ( sr ), which consists of recovering a high resolution image from its blurred , decimated and noisy version . the existing algorithms for single image sr use different strategies to handle the decimation and blurring operators . in addition to the traditional first - order gradient methods , recent techniques investigate splitting - based methods dividing the sr problem into up - sampling and deconvolution steps that ←
→ learning visual biases from human imagination ; although the human visual system can recognize many concepts under challenging conditions , it still has some biases . in this paper , we investigate whether we can extract these biases and transfer them into a machine recognition system . we introduce a novel method that , inspired by well - known tools in human psychophysics , estimates the biases that the human visual system might use for recognition , but in computer vision feature spaces . our experiments are surpr ←
→ dureader : a chinese machine reading comprehension dataset from real - world applications ; in this paper , we introduce dureader , a new large - scale , open - domain chinese machine reading comprehension ( mrc ) dataset , aiming to tackle real - world mrc problems . in comparison to prior datasets , dureader has the following characteristics : ( a ) the questions and the documents are all extracted from real application data , and the answers are human generated ; ( b ) it provides rich annotations for question types , especial ←
→ learning bayesian networks from incomplete data with stochastic search algorithms ; this paper describes stochastic search approaches , including a new stochastic algorithm and an adaptive mutation operator , for learning bayesian networks from incomplete data . this problem is characterized by a huge solution space with a highly multimodal landscape . state - of - the - art approaches all involve using deterministic approaches such as the expectation - maximization algorithm . these approaches are guaranteed to find ←
→ how linguistic descriptions of data can help to the teaching - learning process in higher education , case of study : artificial intelligence ; artificial intelligence is a central topic in the computer science curriculum . from the year 2011 a project - based learning methodology based on computer games has been designed and implemented into the intelligence artificial course at the university of the bio - bio . the project aims to develop software - controlled agents ( bots ) which are programmed by using heuristic a ←
→ what does artificial life tell us about death ? ; short philosophical essay ←
→ recovery of non - linear cause - effect relationships from linearly mixed neuroimaging data ; causal inference concerns the identification of cause - effect relationships between variables . however , often only linear combinations of variables constitute meaningful causal variables . for example , recovering the signal of a cortical source from electroencephalography requires a well - tuned combination of signals recorded at multiple electrodes . we recently introduced the merlin ( mixture effect recovery in linear ne ←
→ new descriptor for glomerulus detection in kidney microscopy image ; glomerulus detection is a key step in histopathological evaluation of microscopy images of kidneys . however , the task of automatic detection of glomeruli poses challenges due to the disparity in sizes and shapes of glomeruli in renal sections . moreover , extensive variations of their intensities due to heterogeneity in immunohistochemistry staining are also encountered . despite being widely recognized as a powerful descriptor for general ob ←
→ a study on the behavior of a neural network for grouping the data ; one of the frequently stated advantages of neural networks is that they can work effectively with non - normally distributed data . but optimal results are possible with normalized data . in this paper , how normality of the input affects the behaviour of a k - means fast learning artificial neural network ( kflann ) for grouping the data is presented . basically , the grouping of high dimensional input data is controlled by additional neural network in ←
→ two novel evolutionary formulations of the graph coloring problem ; we introduce two novel evolutionary formulations of the problem of coloring the nodes of a graph . the first formulation is based on the relationship that exists between a graph ' s chromatic number and its acyclic orientations . it views such orientations as individuals and evolves them with the aid of evolutionary operators that are very heavily based on the structure of the graph and its acyclic orientations . the second formulation , unlike t ←
→ cell : connecting everyday life in an archipelago ; we explore the design of a seamless broadcast communication system that brings together the distributed community of remote secondary education schools . in contrast to higher education , primary and secondary education establishments should remain distributed , in order to maintain a balance of urban and rural life in the developing and the developed world . we plan to deploy an ambient and social interactive tv platform ( physical installation , authoring tools ←
→ constraint - based analysis of composite solvers ; cooperative constraint solving is an area of constraint programming that studies the interaction between constraint solvers with the aim of discovering the interaction patterns that amplify the positive qualities of individual solvers . automatisation and formalisation of such studies is an important issue of cooperative constraint solving . in this paper we present a constraint - based analysis of composite solvers that integrates reasoning about the individua ←
→ mining brain networks using multiple side views for neurological disorder identification ; mining discriminative subgraph patterns from graph data has attracted great interest in recent years . it has a wide variety of applications in disease diagnosis , neuroimaging , etc . most research on subgraph mining focuses on the graph representation alone . however , in many real - world applications , the side information is available along with the graph data . for example , for neurological disorder identification , in a ←
→ dynpartix - a dynamic programming reasoner for abstract argumentation ; the aim of this paper is to announce the release of a novel system for abstract argumentation which is based on decomposition and dynamic programming . we provide first experimental evaluations to show the feasibility of this approach .←
→ end - to - end tracking and semantic segmentation using recurrent neural networks ; in this work we present a novel end - to - end framework for tracking and classifying a robot ' s surroundings in complex , dynamic and only partially observable real - world environments . the approach deploys a recurrent neural network to filter an input stream of raw laser measurements in order to directly infer object locations , along with their identity in both visible and occluded areas . to achieve this we first train the network ←
→ a change - detection based framework for piecewise - stationary multi - armed bandit problem ; the multi - armed bandit problem has been extensively studied under the stationary assumption . however in reality , this assumption often does not hold because the distributions of rewards themselves may change over time . in this paper , we propose a change - detection ( cd ) based framework for multi - armed bandit problems under the piecewise - stationary setting , and study a class of change - detection based ucb ( upper confidenc ←
→ harnessing structures in big data via guaranteed low - rank matrix estimation ; low - rank modeling plays a pivotal role in signal processing and machine learning , with applications ranging from collaborative filtering , video surveillance , medical imaging , to dimensionality reduction and adaptive filtering . many modern high - dimensional data and interactions thereof can be modeled as lying approximately in a low - dimensional subspace or manifold , possibly with additional structures , and its proper exploitations ←
→ message - passing algorithms for synchronization problems over compact groups ; various alignment problems arising in cryo - electron microscopy , community detection , time synchronization , computer vision , and other fields fall into a common framework of synchronization problems over compact groups such as z / l , u ( 1 ), or so ( 3 ). the goal of such problems is to estimate an unknown vector of group elements given noisy relative observations . we present an efficient iterative algorithm to solve a large class of the ←
→ simulating patho - realistic ultrasound images using deep generative networks with adversarial learning ; ultrasound imaging makes use of backscattering of waves during their interaction with scatterers present in biological tissues . simulation of synthetic ultrasound images is a challenging problem on account of inability to accurately model various factors of which some include intra -/ inter scanline interference , transducer to surface coupling , artifacts on transducer elements , inhomogeneous shadowing and ←
→ semantic entity retrieval toolkit ; unsupervised learning of low - dimensional , semantic representations of words and entities has recently gained attention . in this paper we describe the semantic entity retrieval toolkit ( sert ) that provides implementations of our previously published entity representation models . the toolkit provides a unified interface to different representation learning algorithms , fine - grained parsing configuration and can be used transparently with gpus . in addition , users can easily m ←
→ graph based convolutional neural network ; the benefit of localized features within the regular domain has given rise to the use of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) in machine learning , with great proficiency in the image classification . the use of cnns becomes problematic within the irregular spatial domain due to design and convolution of a kernel filter being non - trivial . one solution to this problem is to utilize graph signal processing techniques and the convolution theorem to perform convolutions ←
→ a cooperative framework for fireworks algorithm ; this paper presents a cooperative framework for fireworks algorithm ( coffwa ). a detailed analysis of existing fireworks algorithm ( fwa ) and its recently developed variants has revealed that ( i ) the selection strategy lead to the contribution of the firework with the best fitness ( core firework ) for the optimization overwhelms the contributions of the rest of fireworks ( non - core fireworks ) in the explosion operator , ( ii ) the gaussian mutation operator is not ←
→ learning domain - invariant subspace using domain features and independence maximization ; domain adaptation algorithms are useful when the distributions of the training and the test data are different . in this paper , we focus on the problem of instrumental variation and time - varying drift in the field of sensors and measurement , which can be viewed as discrete and continuous distributional change in the feature space . we propose maximum independence domain adaptation ( mida ) and semi - supervised mida ( smida )←
→ im2cad ; given a single photo of a room and a large database of furniture cad models , our goal is to reconstruct a scene that is as similar as possible to the scene depicted in the photograph , and composed of objects drawn from the database . we present a completely automatic system to address this im2cad problem that produces high quality results on challenging imagery from interior home design and remodeling websites . our approach iteratively optimizes the placement and scale of objects in the room to best ←
→ linear centralization classifier ; a classification algorithm , called the linear centralization classifier ( lcc ), is introduced . the algorithm seeks to find a transformation that best maps instances from the feature space to a space where they concentrate towards the center of their own classes , while maximimizing the distance between class centers . we formulate the classifier as a quadratic program with quadratic constraints . we then simplify this formulation to a linear program that can be solved effectiv ←
→ a survey of algorithms and analysis for adaptive online learning ; we present tools for the analysis of follow - the - regularized - leader ( ftrl ), dual averaging , and mirror descent algorithms when the regularizer ( equivalently , prox - function or learning rate schedule ) is chosen adaptively based on the data . adaptivity can be used to prove regret bounds that hold on every round , and also allows for data - dependent regret bounds as in adagrad - style algorithms ( e . g ., online gradient descent with adaptive per - coordi ←
→ kernel - based methods for bandit convex optimization ; we consider the adversarial convex bandit problem and we build the first $\ mathrm { poly }( t )$- time algorithm with $\ mathrm { poly }( n ) \ sqrt { t }$- regret for this problem . to do so we introduce three new ideas in the derivative - free optimization literature : ( i ) kernel methods , ( ii ) a generalization of bernoulli convolutions , and ( iii ) a new annealing schedule for exponential weights ( with increasing learning rate ). the basic version of our algorithm achieves $\←
→ is writing style predictive of scientific fraud ? ; the problem of detecting scientific fraud using machine learning was recently introduced , with initial , positive results from a model taking into account various general indicators . the results seem to suggest that writing style is predictive of scientific fraud . we revisit these initial experiments , and show that the leave - one - out testing procedure they used likely leads to a slight over - estimate of the predictability , but also that simple models can outpe ←
→ exploiting the pruning power of strong local consistencies through parallelization ; local consistencies stronger than arc consistency have received a lot of attention since the early days of csp research . % because of the strong pruning they can achieve . however , they have not been widely adopted by csp solvers . this is because applying such consistencies can sometimes result in considerably smaller search tree sizes and therefore in important speed - ups , but in other cases the search space reduction may b ←
→ single frame image super resolution using learned directionlets ; in this paper , a new directionally adaptive , learning based , single image super resolution method using multiple direction wavelet transform , called directionlets is presented . this method uses directionlets to effectively capture directional features and to extract edge information along different directions of a set of available high resolution images . this information is used as the training set for super resolving a low resolution input i ←
→ whitening - free least - squares non - gaussian component analysis ; non - gaussian component analysis ( ngca ) is an unsupervised linear dimension reduction method that extracts low - dimensional non - gaussian " signals " from high - dimensional data contaminated with gaussian noise . ngca can be regarded as a generalization of projection pursuit ( pp ) and independent component analysis ( ica ) to multi - dimensional and dependent non - gaussian components . indeed , seminal approaches to ngca are based on pp and ica . recently , a no ←
→ active uncertainty calibration in bayesian ode solvers ; there is resurging interest , in statistics and machine learning , in solvers for ordinary differential equations ( odes ) that return probability measures instead of point estimates . recently , conrad et al . introduced a sampling - based class of methods that are ' well - calibrated ' in a specific sense . but the computational cost of these methods is significantly above that of classic methods . on the other hand , schober et al . pointed out a precise connection ←
→ multimodal diff - hash ; many applications require comparing multimodal data with different structure and dimensionality that cannot be compared directly . recently , there has been increasing interest in methods for learning and efficiently representing such multimodal similarity . in this paper , we present a simple algorithm for multimodal similarity - preserving hashing , trying to map multimodal data into the hamming space while preserving the intra - and inter - modal similarities . we show that our method signifi ←
→ trust from the past : bayesian personalized ranking based link prediction in knowledge graphs ; link prediction , or predicting the likelihood of a link in a knowledge graph based on its existing state is a key research task . it differs from a traditional link prediction task in that the links in a knowledge graph are categorized into different predicates and the link prediction performance of different predicates in a knowledge graph generally varies widely . in this work , we propose a latent feature embedd ←
→ learning rates for kernel - based expectile regression ; conditional expectiles are becoming an increasingly important tool in finance as well as in other areas of applications . we analyse a support vector machine type approach for estimating conditional expectiles and establish learning rates that are minimax optimal modulo a logarithmic factor if gaussian rbf kernels are used and the desired expectile is smooth in a besov sense . as a special case , our learning rates improve the best known rates for kernel - b ←
→ non - monotonic reasoning and story comprehension ; this paper develops a reasoning about actions and change framework integrated with default reasoning , suitable as a knowledge representation and reasoning framework for story comprehension . the proposed framework , which is guided strongly by existing knowhow from the psychology of reading and comprehension , is based on the theory of argumentation from ai . it uses argumentation to capture appropriate solutions to the frame , ramification and qualification prob ←
→ improving retrieval modeling using cross convolution networks and multi frequency word embedding ; to build a satisfying chatbot that has the ability of managing a goal - oriented multi - turn dialogue , accurate modeling of human conversation is crucial . in this paper we concentrate on the task of response selection for multi - turn human - computer conversation with a given context . previous approaches show weakness in capturing information of rare keywords that appear in either or both context and correct respo ←
→ dual memory architectures for fast deep learning of stream data via an online - incremental - transfer strategy ; the online learning of deep neural networks is an interesting problem of machine learning because , for example , major it companies want to manage the information of the massive data uploaded on the web daily , and this technology can contribute to the next generation of lifelong learning . we aim to train deep models from new data that consists of new classes , distributions , and tasks at minimal com ←
→ on reasoning with rdf statements about statements using singleton property triples ; the singleton property ( sp ) approach has been proposed for representing and querying metadata about rdf triples such as provenance , time , location , and evidence . in this approach , one singleton property is created to uniquely represent a relationship in a particular context , and in general , generates a large property hierarchy in the schema . it has become the subject of important questions from semantic web practitioners .←
→ convolutional neural networks analyzed via convolutional sparse coding ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have led to many state - of - the - art results spanning through various fields . however , a clear and profound theoretical understanding of the forward pass , the core algorithm of cnn , is still lacking . in parallel , within the wide field of sparse approximation , convolutional sparse coding ( csc ) has gained increasing attention in recent years . a theoretical study of this model was recently conducted , estab ←
→ learning to order facts for discourse planning in natural language generation ; this paper presents a machine learning approach to discourse planning in natural language generation . more specifically , we address the problem of learning the most natural ordering of facts in discourse plans for a specific domain . we discuss our methodology and how it was instantiated using two different machine learning algorithms . a quantitative evaluation performed in the domain of museum exhibit descriptions indicates th ←
→ cortexnet : a generic network family for robust visual temporal representations ; in the past five years we have observed the rise of incredibly well performing feed - forward neural networks trained supervisedly for vision related tasks . these models have achieved super - human performance on object recognition , localisation , and detection in still images . however , there is a need to identify the best strategy to employ these networks with temporal visual inputs and obtain a robust and stable representation o ←
→ building a linguistic corpus from bee dance data ; this paper discusses the problems and possibility of collecting bee dance data in a linguistic \ textit { corpus } and use linguistic instruments such as zipf ' s law and entropy statistics to decide on the question whether the dance carries information of any kind . we describe this against the historical background of attempts to analyse non - human communication systems .←
→ extracting networks of characters and places from written works with chaplin ; we are proposing a tool able to gather information on social networks from narrative texts . its name is chaplin , characters and places interaction network , implemented in vb . net . characters and places of the narrative works are extracted in a list of raw words . aided by the interface , the user selects names out of them . after this choice , the tool allows the user to enter some parameters , and , according to them , creates a netwo ←
→ neural 3d mesh renderer ; for modeling the 3d world behind 2d images , which 3d representation is most appropriate ? a polygon mesh is a promising candidate for its compactness and geometric properties . however , it is not straightforward to model a polygon mesh from 2d images using neural networks because the conversion from a mesh to an image , or rendering , involves a discrete operation called rasterization , which prevents back - propagation . therefore , in this work , we propose an approximate gradient for rast ←
→ adaptive regularization of ill - posed problems : application to non - rigid image registration ; we introduce an adaptive regularization approach . in contrast to conventional tikhonov regularization , which specifies a fixed regularization operator , we estimate it simultaneously with parameters . from a bayesian perspective we estimate the prior distribution on parameters assuming that it is close to some given model distribution . we constrain the prior distribution to be a gauss - markov random field ( gmrf ), whi ←
→ monocular dense 3d reconstruction of a complex dynamic scene from two perspective frames ; this paper proposes a new approach for monocular dense 3d reconstruction of a complex dynamic scene from two perspective frames . by applying superpixel over - segmentation to the image , we model a generically dynamic ( hence non - rigid ) scene with a piecewise planar and rigid approximation . in this way , we reduce the dynamic reconstruction problem to a " 3d jigsaw puzzle " problem which takes pieces from an unorganized " s ←
→ initial experiments with tptp - style automated theorem provers on acl2 problems ; this paper reports our initial experiments with using external atp on some corpora built with the acl2 system . this is intended to provide the first estimate about the usefulness of such external reasoning and ai systems for solving acl2 problems .←
→ co - sparse textural similarity for image segmentation ; we propose an algorithm for segmenting natural images based on texture and color information , which leverages the co - sparse analysis model for image segmentation within a convex multilabel optimization framework . as a key ingredient of this method , we introduce a novel textural similarity measure , which builds upon the co - sparse representation of image patches . we propose a bayesian approach to merge textural similarity with information about color and ←
→ clustering based feature learning on variable stars ; the success of automatic classification of variable stars strongly depends on the lightcurve representation . usually , lightcurves are represented as a vector of many statistical descriptors designed by astronomers called features . these descriptors commonly demand significant computational power to calculate , require substantial research effort to develop and do not guarantee good performance on the final classification task . today , lightcurve representa ←
→ computer vision - based food calorie estimation : dataset , method , and experiment ; computer vision has been introduced to estimate calories from food images . but current food image data sets don ' t contain volume and mass records of foods , which leads to an incomplete calorie estimation . in this paper , we present a novel food image data set with volume and mass records of foods , and a deep learning method for food detection , to make a complete calorie estimation . our data set includes 2978 images , and every ←
→ xcsp3 : an integrated format for benchmarking combinatorial constrained problems ; we propose a major revision of the format xcsp 2 . 1 , called xcsp3 , to build integrated representations of combinatorial constrained problems . this new format is able to deal with mono / multi optimization , many types of variables , cost functions , reification , views , annotations , variable quantification , distributed , probabilistic and qualitative reasoning . the new format is made compact , highly readable , and rather easy to pars ←
→ building a stochastic dynamic model of application use ; many intelligent user interfaces employ application and user models to determine the user ' s preferences , goals and likely future actions . such models require application analysis , adaptation and expansion . building and maintaining such models adds a substantial amount of time and labour to the application development cycle . we present a system that observes the interface of an unmodified application and records users ' interactions with the application ←
→ multinomial adversarial networks for multi - domain text classification ; many text classification tasks are known to be highly domain - dependent . unfortunately , the availability of training data can vary drastically across domains . worse still , for some domains there may not be any annotated data at all . in this work , we propose a multinomial adversarial network ( man ) to tackle the text classification problem in this real - world multidomain setting ( mdtc ). we provide theoretical justifications for the man fram ←
→ hierarchical compositional feature learning ; we introduce the hierarchical compositional network ( hcn ), a directed generative model able to discover and disentangle , without supervision , the building blocks of a set of binary images . the building blocks are binary features defined hierarchically as a composition of some of the features in the layer immediately below , arranged in a particular manner . at a high level , hcn is similar to a sigmoid belief network with pooling . inference and learning in hcn are ←
→ spinal cord gray matter segmentation using deep dilated convolutions ; gray matter ( gm ) tissue changes have been associated with a wide range of neurological disorders and was also recently found relevant as a biomarker for disability in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis . the ability to automatically segment the gm is , therefore , an important task for modern studies of the spinal cord . in this work , we devise a modern , simple and end - to - end fully automated human spinal cord gray matter segmentation method using ←
→ convergence of online mirror descent algorithms ; in this paper we consider online mirror descent ( omd ) algorithms , a class of scalable online learning algorithms exploiting data geometric structures through mirror maps . necessary and sufficient conditions are presented in terms of the step size sequence $\{\ eta_t \} _ { t }$ for the convergence of an omd algorithm with respect to the expected bregman distance induced by the mirror map . the condition is $\ lim_ { t \ to \ infty }\ eta_t = 0 , \ sum_ { t = 1 }^{\ infty }\ eta_t =\ inft ←
→ semantic foggy scene understanding with synthetic data ; this work addresses the problem of semantic foggy scene understanding ( sfsu ). although extensive research has been performed on image dehazing and on semantic scene understanding with weather - clear images , little attention has been paid to sfsu . due to the difficulty of collecting and annotating foggy images , we choose to generate synthetic fog on real images that depict weather - clear outdoor scenes , and then leverage these synthetic data for sfsu by ←
→" draw my topics ": find desired topics fast from large scale of corpus ; we develop the " draw my topics " toolkit , which provides a fast way to incorporate social scientists ' interest into standard topic modelling . instead of using raw corpus with primitive processing as input , an algorithm based on vector space model and conditional entropy are used to connect social scientists ' willingness and unsupervised topic models ' output . space for users ' adjustment on specific corpus of their interest is also accommo ←
→ high dimensional human guided machine learning ; have you ever looked at a machine learning classification model and thought , i could have made that ? well , that is what we test in this project , comparing xgboost trained on human engineered features to training directly on data . the human engineered features do not outperform xgboost trained di - rectly on the data , but they are comparable . this project con - tributes a novel method for utilizing human created classifi - cation models on high dimensional datase ←
→ treedy : a heuristic for counting and sampling subsets ; consider a collection of weighted subsets of a ground set n . given a query subset q of n , how fast can one ( 1 ) find the weighted sum over all subsets of q , and ( 2 ) sample a subset of q proportionally to the weights ? we present a tree - based greedy heuristic , treedy , that for a given positive tolerance d answers such counting and sampling queries to within a guaranteed relative error d and total variation distance d , respectively . experimental results on ←
→ efficient optimization of performance measures by classifier adaptation ; in practical applications , machine learning algorithms are often needed to learn classifiers that optimize domain specific performance measures . previously , the research has focused on learning the needed classifier in isolation , yet learning nonlinear classifier for nonlinear and nonsmooth performance measures is still hard . in this paper , rather than learning the needed classifier by optimizing specific performance measure directly ,←
→ a psycholinguistically motivated parser for ccg ; considering the speed in which humans resolve syntactic ambiguity , and the overwhelming evidence that syntactic ambiguity is resolved through selection of the analysis whose interpretation is the most ` sensible ', one comes to the conclusion that interpretation , hence parsing take place incrementally , just about every word . considerations of parsimony in the theory of the syntactic processor lead one to explore the simplest of parsers : one which represents on ←
→ a useful motif for flexible task learning in an embodied two - dimensional visual environment ; animals ( especially humans ) have an amazing ability to learn new tasks quickly , and switch between them flexibly . how brains support this ability is largely unknown , both neuroscientifically and algorithmically . one reasonable supposition is that modules drawing on an underlying general - purpose sensory representation are dynamically allocated on a per - task basis . recent results from neuroscience and artificial in ←
→ tensorlog : a differentiable deductive database ; large knowledge bases ( kbs ) are useful in many tasks , but it is unclear how to integrate this sort of knowledge into " deep " gradient - based learning systems . to address this problem , we describe a probabilistic deductive database , called tensorlog , in which reasoning uses a differentiable process . in tensorlog , each clause in a logical theory is first converted into certain type of factor graph . then , for each type of query to the factor graph , the message - pas ←
→ approximate fisher kernels of non - iid image models for image categorization ; the bag - of - words ( bow ) model treats images as sets of local descriptors and represents them by visual word histograms . the fisher vector ( fv ) representation extends bow , by considering the first and second order statistics of local descriptors . in both representations local descriptors are assumed to be identically and independently distributed ( iid ), which is a poor assumption from a modeling perspective . it has been experiment ←
→ structured region graphs : morphing ep into gbp ; gbp and ep are two successful algorithms for approximate probabilistic inference , which are based on different approximation strategies . an open problem in both algorithms has been how to choose an appropriate approximation structure . we introduce ' structured region graphs ', a formalism which marries these two strategies , reveals a deep connection between them , and suggests how to choose good approximation structures . in this formalism , each region has an int ←
→ integration of knowledge to support automatic object reconstruction from images and 3d data ; object reconstruction is an important task in many fields of application as it allows to generate digital representations of our physical world used as base for analysis , planning , construction , visualization or other aims . a reconstruction itself normally is based on reliable data ( images , 3d point clouds for example ) expressing the object in his complete extent . this data then has to be compiled and analyzed in ←
→ humans and deep networks largely agree on which kinds of variation make object recognition harder ; view - invariant object recognition is a challenging problem , which has attracted much attention among the psychology , neuroscience , and computer vision communities . humans are notoriously good at it , even if some variations are presumably more difficult to handle than others ( e . g . 3d rotations ). humans are thought to solve the problem through hierarchical processing along the ventral stream , which progressiv ←
→ between - class learning for image classification ; in this paper , we propose a novel learning method for image classification called between - class learning ( bc learning ). we generate between - class images by mixing two images belonging to different classes with a random ratio . we then input the mixed image to the model and train the model to output the mixing ratio . bc learning has the ability to impose a constraint on the shape of the feature distributions , and thus the generalization ability is improved . bc ←
→ ct image reconstruction in a low dimensional manifold ; regularization methods are commonly used in x - ray ct image reconstruction . different regularization methods reflect the characterization of different prior knowledge of images . in a recent work , a new regularization method called a low - dimensional manifold model ( ldmm ) is investigated to characterize the low - dimensional patch manifold structure of natural images , where the manifold dimensionality characterizes structural information of an image . in thi ←
→ weakly supervised training of deep convolutional neural networks for overhead pedestrian localization in depth fields ; overhead depth map measurements capture sufficient amount of information to enable human experts to track pedestrians accurately . however , fully automating this process using image analysis algorithms can be challenging . even though hand - crafted image analysis algorithms are successful in many common cases , they fail frequently when there are complex interactions of multiple objects in t ←
→ a large - scale multilingual disambiguation of glosses ; linking concepts and named entities to knowledge bases has become a crucial natural language understanding task . in this respect , recent works have shown the key advantage of exploiting textual definitions in various natural language processing applications . however , to date there are no reliable large - scale corpora of sense - annotated textual definitions available to the research community . in this paper we present a large - scale high - quality corpus of d ←
→ facial expressions recognition based on principal component analysis ( pca ) ; the facial expression recognition is an ocular task that can be performed without human discomfort , is really a speedily growing on the computer research field . there are many applications and programs uses facial expression to evaluate human character , judgment , feelings , and viewpoint . the process of recognizing facial expression is a hard task due to the several circumstances such as facial occlusions , face shape , illumination ←
→ bayesian nonparametric kernel - learning ; kernel methods are ubiquitous tools in machine learning . however , there is often little reason for the common practice of selecting a kernel a priori . even if a universal approximating kernel is selected , the quality of the finite sample estimator may be greatly affected by the choice of kernel . furthermore , when directly applying kernel methods , one typically needs to compute a $ n \ times n $ gram matrix of pairwise kernel evaluations to work with a dataset of $ n $ ins ←
→ training deep nets with sublinear memory cost ; we propose a systematic approach to reduce the memory consumption of deep neural network training . specifically , we design an algorithm that costs o ( sqrt ( n )) memory to train a n layer network , with only the computational cost of an extra forward pass per mini - batch . as many of the state - of - the - art models hit the upper bound of the gpu memory , our algorithm allows deeper and more complex models to be explored , and helps advance the innovations in deep learning ←
→ demon : depth and motion network for learning monocular stereo ; in this paper we formulate structure from motion as a learning problem . we train a convolutional network end - to - end to compute depth and camera motion from successive , unconstrained image pairs . the architecture is composed of multiple stacked encoder - decoder networks , the core part being an iterative network that is able to improve its own predictions . the network estimates not only depth and motion , but additionally surface normals , optical f ←
→ geotexttagger : high - precision location tagging of textual documents using a natural language processing approach ; location tagging , also known as geotagging or geolocation , is the process of assigning geographical coordinates to input data . in this paper we present an algorithm for location tagging of textual documents . our approach makes use of previous work in natural language processing by using a state - of - the - art part - of - speech tagger and named entity recognizer to find blocks of text which may refer ←
→ panorama to panorama matching for location recognition ; location recognition is commonly treated as visual instance retrieval on " street view " imagery . the dataset items and queries are panoramic views , i . e . groups of images taken at a single location . this work introduces a novel panorama - to - panorama matching process , either by aggregating features of individual images in a group or by explicitly constructing a larger panorama . in either case , multiple views are used as queries . we reach near perfect loca ←
→ efficiently creating 3d training data for fine hand pose estimation ; while many recent hand pose estimation methods critically rely on a training set of labelled frames , the creation of such a dataset is a challenging task that has been overlooked so far . as a result , existing datasets are limited to a few sequences and individuals , with limited accuracy , and this prevents these methods from delivering their full potential . we propose a semi - automated method for efficiently and accurately labeling each fra ←
→ track facial points in unconstrained videos ; tracking facial points in unconstrained videos is challenging due to the non - rigid deformation that changes over time . in this paper , we propose to exploit incremental learning for person - specific alignment in wild conditions . our approach takes advantage of part - based representation and cascade regression for robust and efficient alignment on each frame . unlike existing methods that usually rely on models trained offline , we incrementally update the representat ←
→ ontology - aware token embeddings for prepositional phrase attachment ; type - level word embeddings use the same set of parameters to represent all instances of a word regardless of its context , ignoring the inherent lexical ambiguity in language . instead , we embed semantic concepts ( or synsets ) as defined in wordnet and represent a word token in a particular context by estimating a distribution over relevant semantic concepts . we use the new , context - sensitive embeddings in a model for predicting prepositiona ←
→ a message passing algorithm for the minimum cost multicut problem ; we propose a dual decomposition and linear program relaxation of the np - hard minimum cost multicut problem . unlike other polyhedral relaxations of the multicut polytope , it is amenable to efficient optimization by message passing . like other polyhedral elaxations , it can be tightened efficiently by cutting planes . we define an algorithm that alternates between message passing and efficient separation of cycle - and odd - wheel inequalities . t ←
→ on the conditional independence implication problem : a lattice - theoretic approach ; a lattice - theoretic framework is introduced that permits the study of the conditional independence ( ci ) implication problem relative to the class of discrete probability measures . semi - lattices are associated with ci statements and a finite , sound and complete inference system relative to semi - lattice inclusions is presented . this system is shown to be ( 1 ) sound and complete for saturated ci statements , ( 2 ) complete for ge ←
→ directlingam : a direct method for learning a linear non - gaussian structural equation model ; structural equation models and bayesian networks have been widely used to analyze causal relations between continuous variables . in such frameworks , linear acyclic models are typically used to model the data - generating process of variables . recently , it was shown that use of non - gaussianity identifies the full structure of a linear acyclic model , i . e ., a causal ordering of variables and their connection strengths ,←
→ machine translation at booking . com : journey and lessons learned ; we describe our recently developed neural machine translation ( nmt ) system and benchmark it against our own statistical machine translation ( smt ) system as well as two other general purpose online engines ( statistical and neural ). we present automatic and human evaluation results of the translation output provided by each system . we also analyze the effect of sentence length on the quality of output for smt and nmt systems .←
→ planit : a crowdsourcing approach for learning to plan paths from large scale preference feedback ; we consider the problem of learning user preferences over robot trajectories for environments rich in objects and humans . this is challenging because the criterion defining a good trajectory varies with users , tasks and interactions in the environment . we represent trajectory preferences using a cost function that the robot learns and uses it to generate good trajectories in new environments . we design a cro ←
→ a discriminative framework for anomaly detection in large videos ; we address an anomaly detection setting in which training sequences are unavailable and anomalies are scored independently of temporal ordering . current algorithms in anomaly detection are based on the classical density estimation approach of learning high - dimensional models and finding low - probability events . these algorithms are sensitive to the order in which anomalies appear and require either training data or early context assumptions t ←
→ reservoir computing approaches for representation and classification of multivariate time series ; classification of multivariate time series ( mts ) has been tackled with a large variety of methodologies and applied to a wide range of scenarios . among the existing approaches , reservoir computing ( rc ) techniques , which implement a fixed and high - dimensional recurrent network to process sequential data , are computationally efficient tools to generate a vectorial , fixed - size representation of the mts , which c ←
→ a rigorous definition of axial lines : ridges on isovist fields ; we suggest that ' axial lines ' defined by ( hillier and hanson , 1984 ) as lines of uninterrupted movement within urban streetscapes or buildings , appear as ridges in isovist fields ( benedikt , 1979 ). these are formed from the maximum diametric lengths of the individual isovists , sometimes called viewsheds , that make up these fields ( batty and rana , 2004 ). we present an image processing technique for the identification of lines from ridges , discuss ←
→ new model for multi - objective evolutionary algorithms ; multi - objective evolutionary algorithms ( moeas ) have been proved efficient to deal with multi - objective optimization problems ( mops ). until now tens of moeas have been proposed . the unified mode would provide a more systematic approach to build new moeas . here a new model is proposed which includes two sub - models based on two classes of different schemas of moeas . according to the new model , some representatives algorithms are decomposed and some inter ←
→ non - simplifying graph rewriting termination ; so far , a very large amount of work in natural language processing ( nlp ) rely on trees as the core mathematical structure to represent linguistic informations ( e . g . in chomsky ' s work ). however , some linguistic phenomena do not cope properly with trees . in a former paper , we showed the benefit of encoding linguistic structures by graphs and of using graph rewriting rules to compute on those structures . justified by some linguistic considerations , graph rewriting ←
→ robustness and generalization ; we derive generalization bounds for learning algorithms based on their robustness : the property that if a testing sample is " similar " to a training sample , then the testing error is close to the training error . this provides a novel approach , different from the complexity or stability arguments , to study generalization of learning algorithms . we further show that a weak notion of robustness is both sufficient and necessary for generalizability , which implies that robustness i ←
→ escaping local optima using crossover with emergent or reinforced diversity ; population diversity is essential for avoiding premature convergence in genetic algorithms ( gas ) and for the effective use of crossover . yet the dynamics of how diversity emerges in populations are not well understood . we use rigorous runtime analysis to gain insight into population dynamics and ga performance for the ($\ mu $+ 1 ) ga and the $\ text { jump } _k $ test function . we show that the interplay of crossover and mutation may ser ←
→ nonparametric inference for density modes ; we derive nonparametric confidence intervals for the eigenvalues of the hessian at modes of a density estimate . this provides information about the strength and shape of modes and can also be used as a significance test . we use a data - splitting approach in which potential modes are identified using the first half of the data and inference is done with the second half of the data . to get valid confidence sets for the eigenvalues , we use a bootstrap based on an elem ←
→ when gravity fails : local search topology ; local search algorithms for combinatorial search problems frequently encounter a sequence of states in which it is impossible to improve the value of the objective function ; moves through these regions , called plateau moves , dominate the time spent in local search . we analyze and characterize plateaus for three different classes of randomly generated boolean satisfiability problems . we identify several interesting features of plateaus that impact the performance o ←
→ epopt : learning robust neural network policies using model ensembles ; sample complexity and safety are major challenges when learning policies with reinforcement learning for real - world tasks , especially when the policies are represented using rich function approximators like deep neural networks . model - based methods where the real - world target domain is approximated using a simulated source domain provide an avenue to tackle the above challenges by augmenting real data with simulated data . however , discre ←
→ squeezed convolutional variational autoencoder for unsupervised anomaly detection in edge device industrial internet of things ; in this paper , we propose squeezed convolutional variational autoencoder ( scvae ) for anomaly detection in time series data for edge computing in industrial internet of things ( iiot ). the proposed model is applied to labeled time series data from uci datasets for exact performance evaluation , and applied to real world data for indirect model performance comparison . in addition , b ←
→ a light cnn for deep face representation with noisy labels ; convolution neural network ( cnn ) has significantly pushed forward the development of face recognition and analysis techniques . current cnn models tend to be deeper and larger to better fit large amounts of training data . when training data are from internet , their labels are often ambiguous and inaccurate . this paper presents a light cnn framework to learn a compact embedding on the large - scale face data with massive noisy labels . first , we introd ←
→ a method for selecting noun sense using co - occurrence relation in english - korean translation ; the sense analysis is still critical problem in machine translation system , especially such as english - korean translation which the syntactical different between source and target languages is very great . we suggest a method for selecting the noun sense using contextual feature in english - korean translation .←
→ detecting and explaining crisis ; individuals on social media may reveal themselves to be in various states of crisis ( e . g . suicide , self - harm , abuse , or eating disorders ). detecting crisis from social media text automatically and accurately can have profound consequences . however , detecting a general state of crisis without explaining why has limited applications . an explanation in this context is a coherent , concise subset of the text that rationalizes the crisis detection . we explore several methods to d ←
→ message - passing algorithms for quadratic minimization ; gaussian belief propagation ( gabp ) is an iterative algorithm for computing the mean of a multivariate gaussian distribution , or equivalently , the minimum of a multivariate positive definite quadratic function . sufficient conditions , such as walk - summability , that guarantee the convergence and correctness of gabp are known , but gabp may fail to converge to the correct solution given an arbitrary positive definite quadratic function . as was observed in p ←
→ efficient regret minimization in non - convex games ; we consider regret minimization in repeated games with non - convex loss functions . minimizing the standard notion of regret is computationally intractable . thus , we define a natural notion of regret which permits efficient optimization and generalizes offline guarantees for convergence to an approximate local optimum . we give gradient - based methods that achieve optimal regret , which in turn guarantee convergence to equilibrium in this framework .←
→ enabling reasoning with legalruleml ; in order to automate verification process , regulatory rules written in natural language needs to be translated into a format that machines can understand . however , none of the existing formalisms can fully represent the elements that appear in legal norms . for instance , most of these formalisms do not provide features to capture the behavior of deontic effects , which is an important aspect in automated compliance checking . this paper presents an approach for transformin ←
→ learning to automatically detect features for mobile robots using second - order hidden markov models ; in this paper , we propose a new method based on hidden markov models to interpret temporal sequences of sensor data from mobile robots to automatically detect features . hidden markov models have been used for a long time in pattern recognition , especially in speech recognition . their main advantages over other methods ( such as neural networks ) are their ability to model noisy temporal signals of variable ←
→ flip - rotate - pooling convolution and split dropout on convolution neural networks for image classification ; this paper presents a new version of dropout called split dropout ( sdropout ) and rotational convolution techniques to improve cnns ' performance on image classification . the widely used standard dropout has advantage of preventing deep neural networks from overfitting by randomly dropping units during training . our sdropout randomly splits the data into two subsets and keeps both rather than discards ←
→ recurrent poisson factorization for temporal recommendation ; poisson factorization is a probabilistic model of users and items for recommendation systems , where the so - called implicit consumer data is modeled by a factorized poisson distribution . there are many variants of poisson factorization methods who show state - of - the - art performance on real - world recommendation tasks . however , most of them do not explicitly take into account the temporal behavior and the recurrent activities of users which is essent ←
→ pivotal pruning of trade - offs in qpns ; qualitative probabilistic networks have been designed for probabilistic reasoning in a qualitative way . due to their coarse level of representation detail , qualitative probabilistic networks do not provide for resolving trade - offs and typically yield ambiguous results upon inference . we present an algorithm for computing more insightful results for unresolved trade - offs . the algorithm builds upon the idea of using pivots to zoom in on the trade - offs and identifying th ←
→ a cognitive architecture based on a learning classifier system with spiking classifiers ; learning classifier systems ( lcs ) are population - based reinforcement learners that were originally designed to model various cognitive phenomena . this paper presents an explicitly cognitive lcs by using spiking neural networks as classifiers , providing each classifier with a measure of temporal dynamism . we employ a constructivist model of growth of both neurons and synaptic connections , which permits a genetic algor ←
→ should one compute the temporal difference fix point or minimize the bellman residual ? the unified oblique projection view ; we investigate projection methods , for evaluating a linear approximation of the value function of a policy in a markov decision process context . we consider two popular approaches , the one - step temporal difference fix - point computation ( td ( 0 )) and the bellman residual ( br ) minimization . we describe examples , where each method outperforms the other . we highlight a simple relation bet ←
→ a vague improved markov model approach for web page prediction ; today most of the information in all areas is available over the web . it increases the web utilization as well as attracts the interest of researchers to improve the effectiveness of web access and web utilization . as the number of web clients gets increased , the bandwidth sharing is performed that decreases the web access efficiency . web page prefetching improves the effectiveness of web access by availing the next required web page before th ←
→ basic classes of grammars with prohibition ; a practical tool for natural language modeling and development of human - machine interaction is developed in the context of formal grammars and languages . a new type of formal grammars , called grammars with prohibition , is introduced . grammars with prohibition provide more powerful tools for natural language generation and better describe processes of language learning than the conventional formal grammars . here we study relations between languages generated by di ←
→ flexible statistical inference for mechanistic models of neural dynamics ; mechanistic models of single - neuron dynamics have been extensively studied in computational neuroscience . however , identifying which models can quantitatively reproduce empirically measured data has been challenging . we propose to overcome this limitation by using likelihood - free inference approaches ( also known as approximate bayesian computation , abc ) to perform full bayesian inference on single - neuron models . our approach builds o ←
→ integrating model construction and evaluation ; to date , most probabilistic reasoning systems have relied on a fixed belief network constructed at design time . the network is used by an application program as a representation of ( in ) dependencies in the domain . probabilistic inference algorithms operate over the network to answer queries . recognizing the inflexibility of fixed models has led researchers to develop automated network construction procedures that use an expressive knowledge base to generate a n ←
→ some chances and challenges in applying language technologies to historical studies in chinese ; we report applications of language technology to analyzing historical documents in the database for the study of modern chinese thoughts and literature ( dsmctl ). we studied two historical issues with the reported techniques : the conceptualization of " huaren " ( chinese people ) and the attempt to institute constitutional monarchy in the late qing dynasty . we also discuss research challenges for supporting sophist ←
→ identification and counting white blood cells and red blood cells using image processing case study of leukemia ; leukemia is diagnosed with complete blood counts which is by calculating all blood cells and compare the number of white blood cells ( white blood cells / wbc ) and red blood cells ( red blood cells / rbc ). information obtained from a complete blood count , has become a cornerstone in the hematology laboratory for diagnostic purposes and monitoring of hematological disorders . however , the traditio ←
→ learning and visualizing localized geometric features using 3d - cnn : an application to manufacturability analysis of drilled holes ; 3d convolutional neural networks ( 3d - cnn ) have been used for object recognition based on the voxelized shape of an object . however , interpreting the decision making process of these 3d - cnns is still an infeasible task . in this paper , we present a unique 3d - cnn based gradient - weighted class activation mapping method ( 3d - gradcam ) for visual explanations of the distinct local ge ←
→ consensus attention - based neural networks for chinese reading comprehension ; reading comprehension has embraced a booming in recent nlp research . several institutes have released the cloze - style reading comprehension data , and these have greatly accelerated the research of machine comprehension . in this work , we firstly present chinese reading comprehension datasets , which consist of people daily news dataset and children ' s fairy tale ( cft ) dataset . also , we propose a consensus attention - based neural net ←
→ what can i do now ? guiding users in a world of automated decisions ; more and more processes governing our lives use in some part an automatic decision step , where -- based on a feature vector derived from an applicant -- an algorithm has the decision power over the final outcome . here we present a simple idea which gives some of the power back to the applicant by providing her with alternatives which would make the decision algorithm decide differently . it is based on a formalization reminiscent of methods ←
→ online multiple kernel learning for structured prediction ; despite the recent progress towards efficient multiple kernel learning ( mkl ), the structured output case remains an open research front . current approaches involve repeatedly solving a batch learning problem , which makes them inadequate for large scale scenarios . we propose a new family of online proximal algorithms for mkl ( as well as for group - lasso and variants thereof ), which overcomes that drawback . we show regret , convergence , and generalizat ←
→ robustness of classifiers to uniform $\ ell \ _p $ and gaussian noise ; we study the robustness of classifiers to various kinds of random noise models . in particular , we consider noise drawn uniformly from the $\ ell \ _p $ ball for $ p \ in [ 1 , \ infty ]$ and gaussian noise with an arbitrary covariance matrix . we characterize this robustness to random noise in terms of the distance to the decision boundary of the classifier . this analysis applies to linear classifiers as well as classifiers with locally approximately ←
→ grounded recurrent neural networks ; in this work , we present the grounded recurrent neural network ( grnn ), a recurrent neural network architecture for multi - label prediction which explicitly ties labels to specific dimensions of the recurrent hidden state ( we call this process " grounding "). the approach is particularly well - suited for extracting large numbers of concepts from text . we apply the new model to address an important problem in healthcare of understanding what medical concepts are discussed in c ←
→ ceteris paribus logic in counterfactual reasoning ; the semantics for counterfactuals due to david lewis has been challenged on the basis of unlikely , or impossible , events . such events may skew a given similarity order in favour of those possible worlds which exhibit them . by updating the relational structure of a model according to a ceteris paribus clause one forces out , in a natural manner , those possible worlds which do not satisfy the requirements of the clause . we develop a ceteris paribus logic for ←
→ single image super resolution - when model adaptation matters ; in the recent years impressive advances were made for single image super - resolution . deep learning is behind a big part of this success . deep ( er ) architecture design and external priors modeling are the key ingredients . the internal contents of the low resolution input image is neglected with deep modeling despite the earlier works showing the power of using such internal priors . in this paper we propose a novel deep convolutional neural networ ←
→ multi - kernel regression for graph signal processing ; we develop a multi - kernel based regression method for graph signal processing where the target signal is assumed to be smooth over a graph . in multi - kernel regression , an effective kernel function is expressed as a linear combination of many basis kernel functions . we estimate the linear weights to learn the effective kernel function by appropriate regularization based on graph smoothness . we show that the resulting optimization problem is shown to be co ←
→ knowledge on treelike spaces ; this paper presents a bimodal logic for reasoning about knowledge during knowledge acquisition . one of the modalities represents ( effort during ) non - deterministic time and the other represents knowledge . the semantics of this logic are tree - like spaces which are a generalization of semantics used for modeling branching time and historical necessity . a finite system of axiom schemes is shown to be canonically complete for the formentioned spaces . a characterization of the satis ←
→ solving limited memory influence diagrams ; we present a new algorithm for exactly solving decision making problems represented as influence diagrams . we do not require the usual assumptions of no forgetting and regularity ; this allows us to solve problems with simultaneous decisions and limited information . the algorithm is empirically shown to outperform a state - of - the - art algorithm on randomly generated problems of up to 150 variables and $ 10 ^{ 64 }$ solutions . we show that the problem is np - hard even if t ←
→ mouse simulation using two coloured tapes ; in this paper , we present a novel approach for human computer interaction ( hci ) where , we control cursor movement using a real - time camera . current methods involve changing mouse parts such as adding more buttons or changing the position of the tracking ball . instead , our method is to use a camera and computer vision technology , such as image segmentation and gesture recognition , to control mouse tasks ( left and right clicking , double - clicking , and scrolling ) and ←
→ bridging lstm architecture and the neural dynamics during reading ; recently , the long short - term memory neural network ( lstm ) has attracted wide interest due to its success in many tasks . lstm architecture consists of a memory cell and three gates , which looks similar to the neuronal networks in the brain . however , there still lacks the evidence of the cognitive plausibility of lstm architecture as well as its working mechanism . in this paper , we study the cognitive plausibility of lstm by aligning its int ←
→ harmony search algorithm for the container storage problem ; recently a new metaheuristic called harmony search was developed . it mimics the behaviors of musicians improvising to find the better state harmony . in this paper , this algorithm is described and applied to solve the container storage problem in the harbor . the objective of this problem is to determine a valid containers arrangement , which meets customers delivery deadlines , reduces the number of container rehandlings and minimizes the ship idle t ←
→ source separation using regularized nmf with mmse estimates under gmm priors with online learning for the uncertainties ; we propose a new method to enforce priors on the solution of the nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ). the proposed algorithm can be used for denoising or single - channel source separation ( scss ) applications . the nmf solution is guided to follow the minimum mean square error ( mmse ) estimates under gaussian mixture prior models ( gmm ) for the source signal . in scss applications , the sp ←
→ exploiting causal independence in bayesian network inference ; a new method is proposed for exploiting causal independencies in exact bayesian network inference . a bayesian network can be viewed as representing a factorization of a joint probability into the multiplication of a set of conditional probabilities . we present a notion of causal independence that enables one to further factorize the conditional probabilities into a combination of even smaller factors and consequently obtain a finer - grain factori ←
→ logical foundations of rdf ( s ) with datatypes ; the resource description framework ( rdf ) is a semantic web standard that provides a data language , simply called rdf , as well as a lightweight ontology language , called rdf schema . we investigate embeddings of rdf in logic and show how standard logic programming and description logic technology can be used for reasoning with rdf . we subsequently consider extensions of rdf with datatype support , considering d entailment , defined in the rdf semantics specificatio ←
→$ s ^ 4 $ net : single stage salient - instance segmentation ; in this paper , we consider an interesting vision problem --- salient instance segmentation . other than producing approximate bounding boxes , our network also outputs high - quality instance - level segments . taking into account the category - independent property of each target , we design a single stage salient instance segmentation framework , with a novel segmentation branch . our new branch regards not only local context inside each detection window but also i ←
→ deep within - class covariance analysis for acoustic scene classification ; within - class covariance normalization ( wccn ) is a powerful post - processing method for normalizing the within - class covariance of a set of data points . wccn projects the observations into a linear sub - space where the within - class variability is reduced . this property has proven to be beneficial in subsequent recognition tasks . the central idea of this paper is to reformulate the classic wccn as a deep neural network ( dnn ) compatible ve ←
→ beyond low - rank representations : orthogonal clustering basis reconstruction with optimized graph structure for multi - view spectral clustering ; low - rank representation ( lrr ) is arguably one of the most powerful paradigms for multi - view spectral clustering , which elegantly encodes the multi - view local graph / manifold structures into an intrinsic low - rank self - expressive data similarity embedded in high - dimensional space , to yield a better graph partition than their single - view counterparts . in this paper ←
→ probabilistic reasoning with answer sets ; this paper develops a declarative language , p - log , that combines logical and probabilistic arguments in its reasoning . answer set prolog is used as the logical foundation , while causal bayes nets serve as a probabilistic foundation . we give several non - trivial examples and illustrate the use of p - log for knowledge representation and updating of knowledge . we argue that our approach to updates is more appealing than existing approaches . we give sufficiency condition ←
→ semantic summarization of egocentric photo stream events ; with the rapid increase of users of wearable cameras in recent years and of the amount of data they produce , there is a strong need for automatic retrieval and summarization techniques . this work addresses the problem of automatically summarizing egocentric photo streams captured through a wearable camera by taking an image retrieval perspective . after removing non - informative images by a new cnn - based filter , images are ranked by relevance to ensur ←
→ scaffolding networks : incremental learning and teaching through questioning ; we introduce a new paradigm of learning for reasoning , understanding , and prediction , as well as the scaffolding network to implement this paradigm . the scaffolding network embodies an incremental learning approach that is formulated as a teacher - student network architecture to teach machines how to understand text and do reasoning . the key to our computational scaffolding approach is the interactions between the teacher and the ←
→ cross - lingual and cross - domain discourse segmentation of entire documents ; discourse segmentation is a crucial step in building end - to - end discourse parsers . however , discourse segmenters only exist for a few languages and domains . typically they only detect intra - sentential segment boundaries , assuming gold standard sentence and token segmentation , and relying on high - quality syntactic parses and rich heuristics that are not generally available across languages and domains . in this paper , we propose sta ←
→ ldc arabic treebanks and associated corpora : data divisions manual ; the linguistic data consortium ( ldc ) has developed hundreds of data corpora for natural language processing ( nlp ) research . among these are a number of annotated treebank corpora for arabic . typically , these corpora consist of a single collection of annotated documents . nlp research , however , usually requires multiple data sets for the purposes of training models , developing techniques , and final evaluation . therefore it becomes necessary ←
→ machine learning and evolutionary techniques in interplanetary trajectory design ; after providing a brief historical overview on the synergies between artificial intelligence research , in the areas of evolutionary computations and machine learning , and the optimal design of interplanetary trajectories , we propose and study the use of deep artificial neural networks to represent , on - board , the optimal guidance profile of an interplanetary mission . the results , limited to the chosen test case of an earth - m ←
→ geometric matrix completion with recurrent multi - graph neural networks ; matrix completion models are among the most common formulations of recommender systems . recent works have showed a boost of performance of these techniques when introducing the pairwise relationships between users / items in the form of graphs , and imposing smoothness priors on these graphs . however , such techniques do not fully exploit the local stationarity structures of user / item graphs , and the number of parameters to learn is linear ←
→ adversarial examples that fool detectors ; an adversarial example is an example that has been adjusted to produce a wrong label when presented to a system at test time . to date , adversarial example constructions have been demonstrated for classifiers , but not for detectors . if adversarial examples that could fool a detector exist , they could be used to ( for example ) maliciously create security hazards on roads populated with smart vehicles . in this paper , we demonstrate a construction that successfully fool ←
→ graph rigidity , cyclic belief propagation and point pattern matching ; a recent paper \ cite { caecaeschbar06 } proposed a provably optimal , polynomial time method for performing near - isometric point pattern matching by means of exact probabilistic inference in a chordal graphical model . their fundamental result is that the chordal graph in question is shown to be globally rigid , implying that exact inference provides the same matching solution as exact inference in a complete graphical model . this implies that ←
→ multi - scale context aggregation by dilated convolutions ; state - of - the - art models for semantic segmentation are based on adaptations of convolutional networks that had originally been designed for image classification . however , dense prediction and image classification are structurally different . in this work , we develop a new convolutional network module that is specifically designed for dense prediction . the presented module uses dilated convolutions to systematically aggregate multi - scale contextual info ←
→ saccade sequence prediction : beyond static saliency maps ; visual attention is a field with a considerable history , with eye movement control and prediction forming an important subfield . fixation modeling in the past decades has been largely dominated computationally by a number of highly influential bottom - up saliency models , such as the itti - koch - niebur model . the accuracy of such models has dramatically increased recently due to deep learning . however , on static images the emphasis of these models has l ←
→ improved twitter sentiment prediction through cluster - then - predict model ; over the past decade humans have experienced exponential growth in the use of online resources , in particular social media and microblogging websites such as facebook , twitter , youtube and also mobile applications such as whatsapp , line , etc . many companies have identified these resources as a rich mine of marketing knowledge . this knowledge provides valuable feedback which allows them to further develop the next generation of their ←
→ a survey on trajectory clustering analysis ; this paper comprehensively surveys the development of trajectory clustering . considering the critical role of trajectory data mining in modern intelligent systems for surveillance security , abnormal behavior detection , crowd behavior analysis , and traffic control , trajectory clustering has attracted growing attention . existing trajectory clustering methods can be grouped into three categories : unsupervised , supervised and semi - supervised algorithms . in spite of a ←
→ stochastic zeroth - order optimization in high dimensions ; we consider the problem of optimizing a high - dimensional convex function using stochastic zeroth - order queries . under sparsity assumptions on the gradients or function values , we present two algorithms : a successive component / feature selection algorithm and a noisy mirror descent algorithm using lasso gradient estimates , and show that both algorithms have convergence rates that de - pend only logarithmically on the ambient dimension of the problem . em ←
→ semi - supervised learning with ipm - based gans : an empirical study ; we present an empirical investigation of a recent class of generative adversarial networks ( gans ) using integral probability metrics ( ipm ) and their performance for semi - supervised learning . ipm - based gans like wasserstein gan , fisher gan and sobolev gan have desirable properties in terms of theoretical understanding , training stability , and a meaningful loss . in this work we investigate how the design of the critic ( or discriminator ) influe ←
→ proceedings of the twenty - eighth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 2012 ) ; this is the proceedings of the twenty - eighth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held on catalina island , ca august 14 - 18 2012 .←
→ analysis of opinionated text for opinion mining ; in sentiment analysis , the polarities of the opinions expressed on an object / feature are determined to assess the sentiment of a sentence or document whether it is positive / negative / neutral . naturally , the object / feature is a noun representation which refers to a product or a component of a product , let us say , the " lens " in a camera and opinions emanating on it are captured in adjectives , verbs , adverbs and noun words themselves . apart from such words , othe ←
→ discriminative relational topic models ; many scientific and engineering fields involve analyzing network data . for document networks , relational topic models ( rtms ) provide a probabilistic generative process to describe both the link structure and document contents , and they have shown promise on predicting network structures and discovering latent topic representations . however , existing rtms have limitations in both the restricted model expressiveness and incapability of dealing with imbalanced network d ←
→ improving automatic emotion recognition from speech using rhythm and temporal feature ; this paper is devoted to improve automatic emotion recognition from speech by incorporating rhythm and temporal features . research on automatic emotion recognition so far has mostly been based on applying features like mfccs , pitch and energy or intensity . the idea focuses on borrowing rhythm features from linguistic and phonetic analysis and applying them to the speech signal on the basis of acoustic knowledge only . i ←
→ deep interactive evolution ; this paper describes an approach that combines generative adversarial networks ( gans ) with interactive evolutionary computation ( iec ). while gans can be trained to produce lifelike images , they are normally sampled randomly from the learned distribution , providing limited control over the resulting output . on the other hand , interactive evolution has shown promise in creating various artifacts such as images , music and 3d objects , but traditionally relies on a hand - designed evol ←
→ multi - view 3d object detection network for autonomous driving ; this paper aims at high - accuracy 3d object detection in autonomous driving scenario . we propose multi - view 3d networks ( mv3d ), a sensory - fusion framework that takes both lidar point cloud and rgb images as input and predicts oriented 3d bounding boxes . we encode the sparse 3d point cloud with a compact multi - view representation . the network is composed of two subnetworks : one for 3d object proposal generation and another for multi - view feature ←
→ mmd gan : towards deeper understanding of moment matching network ; generative moment matching network ( gmmn ) is a deep generative model that differs from generative adversarial network ( gan ) by replacing the discriminator in gan with a two - sample test based on kernel maximum mean discrepancy ( mmd ). although some theoretical guarantees of mmd have been studied , the empirical performance of gmmn is still not as competitive as that of gan on challenging and large benchmark datasets . the computational efficienc ←
→ optimal stochastic package delivery planning with deadline : a cardinality minimization in routing ; vehicle routing problem with private fleet and common carrier ( vrppc ) has been proposed to help a supplier manage package delivery services from a single depot to multiple customers . most of the existing vrppc works consider deterministic parameters which may not be practical and uncertainty has to be taken into account . in this paper , we propose the optimal stochastic delivery planning with deadline ( odpd )←
→ copula variational inference ; we develop a general variational inference method that preserves dependency among the latent variables . our method uses copulas to augment the families of distributions used in mean - field and structured approximations . copulas model the dependency that is not captured by the original variational distribution , and thus the augmented variational family guarantees better approximations to the posterior . with stochastic optimization , inference on the augmented distribution is scal ←
→ automatic node selection for deep neural networks using group lasso regularization ; we examine the effect of the group lasso ( glasso ) regularizer in selecting the salient nodes of deep neural network ( dnn ) hidden layers by applying a dnn - hmm hybrid speech recognizer to ted talks speech data . we test two types of glasso regularization , one for outgoing weight vectors and another for incoming weight vectors , as well as two sizes of dnns : 2048 hidden layer nodes and 4096 nodes . furthermore , we compare glass ←
→ a linear time active learning algorithm for link classification -- full version -- ; we present very efficient active learning algorithms for link classification in signed networks . our algorithms are motivated by a stochastic model in which edge labels are obtained through perturbations of a initial sign assignment consistent with a two - clustering of the nodes . we provide a theoretical analysis within this model , showing that we can achieve an optimal ( to whithin a constant factor ) number of mistakes on ←
→ an ensemble approach for feature selection of cyber attack dataset ; feature selection is an indispensable preprocessing step when mining huge datasets that can significantly improve the overall system performance . therefore in this paper we focus on a hybrid approach of feature selection . this method falls into two phases . the filter phase select the features with highest information gain and guides the initialization of search process for wrapper phase whose output the final feature subset . the final feat ←
→ on the worst - case approximability of sparse pca ; it is well known that sparse pca ( sparse principal component analysis ) is np - hard to solve exactly on worst - case instances . what is the complexity of solving sparse pca approximately ? our contributions include : 1 ) a simple and efficient algorithm that achieves an $ n ^{- 1 / 3 }$- approximation ; 2 ) np - hardness of approximation to within $( 1 -\ varepsilon )$, for some small constant $\ varepsilon > 0 $; 3 ) sse - hardness of approximation to within any constant factor ; and ←
→ addressing expensive multi - objective games with postponed preference articulation via memetic co - evolution ; this paper presents algorithmic and empirical contributions demonstrating that the convergence characteristics of a co - evolutionary approach to tackle multi - objective games ( mogs ) with postponed preference articulation can often be hampered due to the possible emergence of the so - called red queen effect . accordingly , it is hypothesized that the convergence characteristics can be significantly impro ←
→ joint large - scale motion estimation and image reconstruction ; this article describes the implementation of the joint motion estimation and image reconstruction framework presented by burger , dirks and sch \" onlieb and extends this framework to large - scale motion between consecutive image frames . the variational framework uses displacements between consecutive frames based on the optical flow approach to improve the image reconstruction quality on the one hand and the motion estimation quality on the other . ←
→ developing an icu scoring system with interaction terms using a genetic algorithm ; icu mortality scoring systems attempt to predict patient mortality using predictive models with various clinical predictors . examples of such systems are apache , saps and mpm . however , most such scoring systems do not actively look for and include interaction terms , despite physicians intuitively taking such interactions into account when making a diagnosis . one barrier to including such terms in predictive models is the d ←
→ biomedical question answering via weighted neural network passage retrieval ; the amount of publicly available biomedical literature has been growing rapidly in recent years , yet question answering systems still struggle to exploit the full potential of this source of data . in a preliminary processing step , many question answering systems rely on retrieval models for identifying relevant documents and passages . this paper proposes a weighted cosine distance retrieval scheme based on neural network word em ←
→ annotating predicate - argument structure for a parallel treebank ; we report on a recently initiated project which aims at building a multi - layered parallel treebank of english and german . particular attention is devoted to a dedicated predicate - argument layer which is used for aligning translationally equivalent sentences of the two languages . we describe both our conceptual decisions and aspects of their technical realisation . we discuss some selected problems and conclude with a few remarks on how this pr ←
→ high - dimensional sparse inverse covariance estimation using greedy methods ; in this paper we consider the task of estimating the non - zero pattern of the sparse inverse covariance matrix of a zero - mean gaussian random vector from a set of iid samples . note that this is also equivalent to recovering the underlying graph structure of a sparse gaussian markov random field ( gmrf ). we present two novel greedy approaches to solving this problem . the first estimates the non - zero covariates of the overall inverse ←
→ big data : how geo - information helped shape the future of data engineering ; very large data sets are the common rule in automated mapping , gis , remote sensing , and what we can name geo - information . indeed , in 1983 landsat was already delivering gigabytes of data , and other sensors were in orbit or ready for launch , and a tantamount of cartographic data was being digitized . the retrospective paper revisits several issues that geo - information sciences had to face from the early stages on , including : structu ←
→ autoencoding beyond pixels using a learned similarity metric ; we present an autoencoder that leverages learned representations to better measure similarities in data space . by combining a variational autoencoder with a generative adversarial network we can use learned feature representations in the gan discriminator as basis for the vae reconstruction objective . thereby , we replace element - wise errors with feature - wise errors to better capture the data distribution while offering invariance towards e . g . tr ←
→ textual features for programming by example ; in programming by example , a system attempts to infer a program from input and output examples , generally by searching for a composition of certain base functions . performing a naive brute force search is infeasible for even mildly involved tasks . we note that the examples themselves often present clues as to which functions to compose , and how to rank the resulting programs . in text processing , which is our domain of interest , clues arise from simple textual fe ←
→ distributed power allocation with sinr constraints using trial and error learning ; in this paper , we address the problem of global transmit power minimization in a self - congiguring network where radio devices are subject to operate at a minimum signal to interference plus noise ratio ( sinr ) level . we model the network as a parallel gaussian interference channel and we introduce a fully decentralized algorithm ( based on trial and error ) able to statistically achieve a congiguration where the performance d ←
→ higher order mutual information approximation for feature selection ; feature selection is a process of choosing a subset of relevant features so that the quality of prediction models can be improved . an extensive body of work exists on information - theoretic feature selection , based on maximizing mutual information ( mi ) between subsets of features and class labels . the prior methods use a lower order approximation , by treating the joint entropy as a summation of several single variable entropies . this leads ←
→ improved heterogeneous distance functions ; instance - based learning techniques typically handle continuous and linear input values well , but often do not handle nominal input attributes appropriately . the value difference metric ( vdm ) was designed to find reasonable distance values between nominal attribute values , but it largely ignores continuous attributes , requiring discretization to map continuous values into nominal values . this paper proposes three new heterogeneous distance functions , called the het ←
→ generalised random forest space overview ; assuming a view of the random forest as a special case of a nested ensemble of interchangeable modules , we construct a generalisation space allowing one to easily develop novel methods based on this algorithm . we discuss the role and required properties of modules at each level , especially in context of some already proposed rf generalisations .←
→ exploiting active subspaces in global optimization : how complex is your problem ? ; when applying optimization method to a real - world problem , the possession of prior knowledge and preliminary analysis on the landscape of a global optimization problem can give us an insight into the complexity of the problem . this knowledge can better inform us in deciding what optimization method should be used to tackle the problem . however , this analysis becomes problematic when the dimensionality of the problem is high ←
→ supervised term weighting metrics for sentiment analysis in short text ; term weighting metrics assign weights to terms in order to discriminate the important terms from the less crucial ones . due to this characteristic , these metrics have attracted growing attention in text classification and recently in sentiment analysis . using the weights given by such metrics could lead to more accurate document representation which may improve the performance of the classification . while previous studies have focused ←
→ gossip dual averaging for decentralized optimization of pairwise functions ; in decentralized networks ( of sensors , connected objects , etc .), there is an important need for efficient algorithms to optimize a global cost function , for instance to learn a global model from the local data collected by each computing unit . in this paper , we address the problem of decentralized minimization of pairwise functions of the data points , where these points are distributed over the nodes of a graph defining the commu ←
→ towards understanding generalization of deep learning : perspective of loss landscapes ; it is widely observed that deep learning models with learned parameters generalize well , even with much more model parameters than the number of training samples . we systematically investigate the underlying reasons why deep neural networks often generalize well , and reveal the difference between the minima ( with the same training error ) that generalize well and those they don ' t . we show that it is the characteristics ←
→ performance characterization of image feature detectors in relation to the scene content utilizing a large image database ; selecting the most suitable local invariant feature detector for a particular application has rendered the task of evaluating feature detectors a critical issue in vision research . although the literature offers a variety of comparison works focusing on performance evaluation of image feature detectors under several types of image transformations , the influence of the scene content o ←
→ requirements of text processing lexicons ; as text processing systems expand in scope , they will require ever larger lexicons along with a parsing capability for discriminating among many senses of a word . existing systems do not incorporate such subtleties in meaning for their lexicons . ordinary dictionaries contain such information , but are largely untapped . when the contents of dictionaries are scrutinized , they reveal many requirements that must be satisfied in representing meaning and in developing sem ←
→ high order stochastic graphlet embedding for graph - based pattern recognition ; graph - based methods are known to be successful for pattern description and comparison purpose . however , a lot of mathematical tools are unavailable in graph domain , thus restricting the generic graph - based techniques to be applicable within the machine learning framework . a way to tackle this problem is graph embedding into high dimensional space in either an explicit or implicit manner . in this paper , we propose high order sto ←
→ neural nilm : deep neural networks applied to energy disaggregation ; energy disaggregation estimates appliance - by - appliance electricity consumption from a single meter that measures the whole home ' s electricity demand . recently , deep neural networks have driven remarkable improvements in classification performance in neighbouring machine learning fields such as image classification and automatic speech recognition . in this paper , we adapt three deep neural network architectures to energy disaggregation : 1 ) ←
→ differential evolution with generalized mutation operator for parameters optimization in gene selection for cancer classification ; differential evolution ( de ) proved to be one of the most successful evolutionary algorithms for global optimization purposes in continuous problems . the core operator in de is mutation which can provide the algorithm with both exploration and exploitation . in this article , a new notation for de is proposed which has a formula that can be utilized for generating and extracting ←
→ semi - supervised domain adaptation with non - parametric copulas ; a new framework based on the theory of copulas is proposed to address semi - supervised domain adaptation problems . the presented method factorizes any multivariate density into a product of marginal distributions and bivariate cop - ula functions . therefore , changes in each of these factors can be detected and corrected to adapt a density model accross different learning domains . impor - tantly , we introduce a novel vine copula model , which allow ←
→ automatic brain tumor segmentation using cascaded anisotropic convolutional neural networks ; a cascade of fully convolutional neural networks is proposed to segment multi - modal magnetic resonance ( mr ) images with brain tumor into background and three hierarchical regions : whole tumor , tumor core and enhancing tumor core . the cascade is designed to decompose the multi - class segmentation problem into a sequence of three binary segmentation problems according to the subregion hierarchy . the whole tumor is s ←
→ on the equivalence of causal models ; scientists often use directed acyclic graphs ( days ) to model the qualitative structure of causal theories , allowing the parameters to be estimated from observational data . two causal models are equivalent if there is no experiment which could distinguish one from the other . a canonical representation for causal models is presented which yields an efficient graphical criterion for deciding equivalence , and provides a theoretical basis for extracting causal structures fro ←
→ minimax rates for cost - sensitive learning on manifolds with approximate nearest neighbours ; we study the approximate nearest neighbour method for cost - sensitive classification on low - dimensional manifolds embedded within a high - dimensional feature space . we determine the minimax learning rates for distributions on a smooth manifold , in a cost - sensitive setting . this generalises a classic result of audibert and tsybakov . building upon recent work of chaudhuri and dasgupta we prove that these minimax rates ←
→ exact tensor completion using t - svd ; in this paper we focus on the problem of completion of multidimensional arrays ( also referred to as tensors ) from limited sampling . our approach is based on a recently proposed tensor - singular value decomposition ( t - svd ) [ 1 ]. using this factorization one can derive notion of tensor rank , referred to as the tensor tubal rank , which has optimality properties similar to that of matrix rank derived from svd . as shown in [ 2 ] some multidimensional data , such as panning video ←
→ trolls identification within an uncertain framework ; the web plays an important role in people ' s social lives since the emergence of web 2 . 0 . it facilitates the interaction between users , gives them the possibility to freely interact , share and collaborate through social networks , online communities forums , blogs , wikis and other online collaborative media . however , an other side of the web is negatively taken such as posting inflammatory messages . thus , when dealing with the online communities forums , the ←
→ automatic detection and decoding of photogrammetric coded targets ; close - range photogrammetry is widely used in many industries because of the cost effectiveness and efficiency of the technique . in this research , we introduce an automated coded target detection method which can be used to enhance the efficiency of the photogrammetry .←
→ motion estimation via robust decomposition with constrained rank ; in this work , we address the problem of outlier detection for robust motion estimation by using modern sparse - low - rank decompositions , i . e ., robust pca - like methods , to impose global rank constraints . robust decompositions have shown to be good at splitting a corrupted matrix into an uncorrupted low - rank matrix and a sparse matrix , containing outliers . however , this process only works when matrices have relatively low rank with respect to th ←
→ a robust iris recognition method on adverse conditions ; as a stable biometric system , iris has recently attracted great attention among the researchers . however , research is still needed to provide appropriate solutions to ensure the resistance of the system against error factors . the present study has tried to apply a mask to the image so that the unexpected factors affecting the location of the iris can be removed . so , pupil localization will be faster and robust . then to locate the exact location of the ←
→ fast and memory - efficient significant pattern mining via permutation testing ; we present a novel algorithm , westfall - young light , for detecting patterns , such as itemsets and subgraphs , which are statistically significantly enriched in one of two classes . our method corrects rigorously for multiple hypothesis testing and correlations between patterns through the westfall - young permutation procedure , which empirically estimates the null distribution of pattern frequencies in each class via permutations . i ←
→ a quantitative analysis of multi - winner rules ; to choose a multi - winner rule , i . e ., a voting rule that selects a subset of $ k $ alternatives based on preferences of a certain population , is a hard and ambiguous task . depending on the context , it varies widely what constitutes an " optimal " committee . in this paper , we offer a new perspective to measure the quality of committees and --- consequently --- multi - winner rules . we provide a quantitative analysis using methods from the theory of approximation algorithm ←
→ communications that emerge through reinforcement learning using a ( recurrent ) neural network ; communication is not only an action of choosing a signal , but needs to consider the context and sensor signals . it also needs to decide what information is communicated and how it is represented in or understood from signals . therefore , communication should be realized comprehensively together with its purpose and other functions . the recent successful results in end - to - end reinforcement learning ( rl ) show the ←
→ unsupervised deep feature extraction for remote sensing image classification ; this paper introduces the use of single layer and deep convolutional networks for remote sensing data analysis . direct application to multi - and hyper - spectral imagery of supervised ( shallow or deep ) convolutional networks is very challenging given the high input data dimensionality and the relatively small amount of available labeled data . therefore , we propose the use of greedy layer - wise unsupervised pre - training coupled wit ←
→ gemini : a natural language system for spoken - language understanding ; gemini is a natural language understanding system developed for spoken language applications . the paper describes the architecture of gemini , paying particular attention to resolving the tension between robustness and overgeneration . gemini features a broad - coverage unification - based grammar of english , fully interleaved syntactic and semantic processing in an all - paths , bottom - up parser , and an utterance - level parser to find interpretati ←
→ concept drift learning with alternating learners ; data - driven predictive analytics are in use today across a number of industrial applications , but further integration is hindered by the requirement of similarity among model training and test data distributions . this paper addresses the need of learning from possibly nonstationary data streams , or under concept drift , a commonly seen phenomenon in practical applications . a simple dual - learner ensemble strategy , alternating learners framework , is proposed . ←
→ facelet - bank for fast portrait manipulation ; digital face manipulation has become a popular and fascinating way to touch images due to the prevalence of smart phones and social networks . with a wide variety of user preferences , facial expressions and accessories , a general and flexible model is necessary to accommodate different types of facial editing . in this paper , we propose such a model based on an end - to - end convolutional neural network that supports fast inference , edit - effect control , and quick par ←
→ a randomized rounding algorithm for sparse pca ; we present and analyze a simple , two - step algorithm to approximate the optimal solution of the sparse pca problem . our approach first solves a l1 penalized version of the np - hard sparse pca optimization problem and then uses a randomized rounding strategy to sparsify the resulting dense solution . our main theoretical result guarantees an additive error approximation and provides a tradeoff between sparsity and accuracy . our experimental evaluation indicates t ←
→ proof supplement - learning sparse causal models is not np - hard ( uai2013 ) ; this article contains detailed proofs and additional examples related to the uai - 2013 submission ` learning sparse causal models is not np - hard '. it describes the fci + algorithm : a method for sound and complete causal model discovery in the presence of latent confounders and / or selection bias , that has worst case polynomial complexity of order $ n ^{ 2 ( k + 1 )}$ in the number of independence tests , for sparse graphs over $ n $ nodes , bound ←
→ fast and robust detection of fallen people from a mobile robot ; this paper deals with the problem of detecting fallen people lying on the floor by means of a mobile robot equipped with a 3d depth sensor . in the proposed algorithm , inspired by semantic segmentation techniques , the 3d scene is over - segmented into small patches . fallen people are then detected by means of two svm classifiers : the first one labels each patch , while the second one captures the spatial relations between them . this novel approach ←
→ a system for induction of oblique decision trees ; this article describes a new system for induction of oblique decision trees . this system , oc1 , combines deterministic hill - climbing with two forms of randomization to find a good oblique split ( in the form of a hyperplane ) at each node of a decision tree . oblique decision tree methods are tuned especially for domains in which the attributes are numeric , although they can be adapted to symbolic or mixed symbolic / numeric attributes . we present extensive empir ←
→ earthquake scenario reduction by symmetry reasoning ; a recently identified problem is that of finding an optimal investment plan for a transportation network , given that a disaster such as an earthquake may destroy links in the network . the aim is to strengthen key links to preserve the expected network connectivity . a network based on the istanbul highway system has thirty links and therefore a billion scenarios , but it has been estimated that sampling a million scenarios gives reasonable accuracy . in thi ←
→ zipf ' s law is a consequence of coherent language production ; the task of text segmentation may be undertaken at many levels in text analysis --- paragraphs , sentences , words , or even letters . here , we focus on a relatively fine scale of segmentation , hypothesizing it to be in accord with a stochastic model of language generation , as the smallest scale where independent units of meaning are produced . our goals in this letter include the development of methods for the segmentation of these minimal independent ←
→ neural turing machines ; we extend the capabilities of neural networks by coupling them to external memory resources , which they can interact with by attentional processes . the combined system is analogous to a turing machine or von neumann architecture but is differentiable end - to - end , allowing it to be efficiently trained with gradient descent . preliminary results demonstrate that neural turing machines can infer simple algorithms such as copying , sorting , and associative recall from input and output exam ←
→ diffusion maps meet nyström ; diffusion maps are an emerging data - driven technique for non - linear dimensionality reduction , which are especially useful for the analysis of coherent structures and nonlinear embeddings of dynamical systems . however , the computational complexity of the diffusion maps algorithm scales with the number of observations . thus , long time - series data presents a significant challenge for fast and efficient embedding . we propose integrating the nystr \" om method with diffusion maps in o ←
→ a deep representation for invariance and music classification ; representations in the auditory cortex might be based on mechanisms similar to the visual ventral stream ; modules for building invariance to transformations and multiple layers for compositionality and selectivity . in this paper we propose the use of such computational modules for extracting invariant and discriminative audio representations . building on a theory of invariance in hierarchical architectures , we propose a novel , mid - level represe ←
→ a deep learning approach for reconstruction filter kernel discretization ; in this paper , we present substantial evidence that a deep neural network will intrinsically learn the appropriate way to discretize the ideal continuous reconstruction filter . currently , the ram - lak filter or heuristic filters which impose different noise assumptions are used for filtered back - projection . all of these , however , inhibit a fully data - driven reconstruction deep learning approach . in addition , the heuristic filters are ←
→ finding density functionals with machine learning ; machine learning is used to approximate density functionals . for the model problem of the kinetic energy of non - interacting fermions in 1d , mean absolute errors below 1 kcal / mol on test densities similar to the training set are reached with fewer than 100 training densities . a predictor identifies if a test density is within the interpolation region . via principal component analysis , a projected functional derivative finds highly accurate self - consistent d ←
→ mcmc shape sampling for image segmentation with nonparametric shape priors ; segmenting images of low quality or with missing data is a challenging problem . integrating statistical prior information about the shapes to be segmented can improve the segmentation results significantly . most shape - based segmentation algorithms optimize an energy functional and find a point estimate for the object to be segmented . this does not provide a measure of the degree of confidence in that result , neither does it provi ←
→ scalable estimation of dirichlet process mixture models on distributed data ; we consider the estimation of dirichlet process mixture models ( dpmms ) in distributed environments , where data are distributed across multiple computing nodes . a key advantage of bayesian nonparametric models such as dpmms is that they allow new components to be introduced on the fly as needed . this , however , posts an important challenge to distributed estimation -- how to handle new components efficiently and consistently . to t ←
→ geometric descent method for convex composite minimization ; in this paper , we extend the geometric descent method recently proposed by bubeck , lee and singh to tackle nonsmooth and strongly convex composite problems . we prove that our proposed algorithm , dubbed geometric proximal gradient method ( geopg ), converges with a linear rate $( 1 - 1 /\ sqrt {\ kappa })$ and thus achieves the optimal rate among first - order methods , where $\ kappa $ is the condition number of the problem . numerical results on linear regressio ←
→ endoscopic depth measurement and super - spectral - resolution imaging ; intra - operative measurements of tissue shape and multi / hyperspectral information have the potential to provide surgical guidance and decision making support . we report an optical probe based system to combine sparse hyperspectral measurements and spectrally - encoded structured lighting ( sl ) for surface measurements . the system provides informative signals for navigation with a surgical interface . by rapidly switching between sl and white l ←
→ optimal dynamic coverage infrastructure for large - scale fleets of reconnaissance uavs ; current state of the art in the field of uav activation relies solely on human operators for the design and adaptation of the drones ' flying routes . furthermore , this is being done today on an individual level ( one vehicle per operators ), with some exceptions of a handful of new systems , that are comprised of a small number of self - organizing swarms , manually guided by a human operator . drones - based monitoring is of ←
→ neural summarization by extracting sentences and words ; traditional approaches to extractive summarization rely heavily on human - engineered features . in this work we propose a data - driven approach based on neural networks and continuous sentence features . we develop a general framework for single - document summarization composed of a hierarchical document encoder and an attention - based extractor . this architecture allows us to develop different classes of summarization models which can extract sentences or ←
→ temporal multimodal fusion for video emotion classification in the wild ; this paper addresses the question of emotion classification . the task consists in predicting emotion labels ( taken among a set of possible labels ) best describing the emotions contained in short video clips . building on a standard framework -- lying in describing videos by audio and visual features used by a supervised classifier to infer the labels -- this paper investigates several novel directions . first of all , improved face descr ←
→ greedy gossip with eavesdropping ; this paper presents greedy gossip with eavesdropping ( gge ), a novel randomized gossip algorithm for distributed computation of the average consensus problem . in gossip algorithms , nodes in the network randomly communicate with their neighbors and exchange information iteratively . the algorithms are simple and decentralized , making them attractive for wireless network applications . in general , gossip algorithms are robust to unreliable wireless conditions and time varying n ←
→ an effective method of image retrieval using image mining techniques ; the present research scholars are having keen interest in doing their research activities in the area of data mining all over the world . especially , [ 13 ] mining image data is the one of the essential features in this present scenario since image data plays vital role in every aspect of the system such as business for marketing , hospital for surgery , engineering for construction , web for publication and so on . the other area in the image m ←
→ surrogate learning - an approach for semi - supervised classification ; we consider the task of learning a classifier from the feature space $\ mathcal { x }$ to the set of classes $\ mathcal { y } = \{ 0 , 1 \}$, when the features can be partitioned into class - conditionally independent feature sets $\ mathcal { x } _1 $ and $\ mathcal { x } _2 $. we show the surprising fact that the class - conditional independence can be used to represent the original learning task in terms of 1 ) learning a classifier from $\ mathcal { x } _2 $ to $\ math ←
→ a chart - parsing algorithm for efficient semantic analysis ; in some contexts , well - formed natural language cannot be expected as input to information or communication systems . in these contexts , the use of grammar - independent input ( sequences of uninflected semantic units like e . g . language - independent icons ) can be an answer to the users ' needs . a semantic analysis can be performed , based on lexical semantic knowledge : it is equivalent to a dependency analysis with no syntactic or morphological clues . howe ←
→ which learning algorithms can generalize identity - based rules to novel inputs ? ; we propose a novel framework for the analysis of learning algorithms that allows us to say when such algorithms can and cannot generalize certain patterns from training data to test data . in particular we focus on situations where the rule that must be learned concerns two components of a stimulus being identical . we call such a basis for discrimination an identity - based rule . identity - based rules have proven to be difficult ←
→ symmetry - based search space reduction for grid maps ; in this paper we explore a symmetry - based search space reduction technique which can speed up optimal pathfinding on undirected uniform - cost grid maps by up to 38 times . our technique decomposes grid maps into a set of empty rectangles , removing from each rectangle all interior nodes and possibly some from along the perimeter . we then add a series of macro - edges between selected pairs of remaining perimeter nodes to facilitate provably optimal traversal ←
→ neural name translation improves neural machine translation ; in order to control computational complexity , neural machine translation ( nmt ) systems convert all rare words outside the vocabulary into a single unk symbol . previous solution ( luong et al ., 2015 ) resorts to use multiple numbered unks to learn the correspondence between source and target rare words . however , testing words unseen in the training corpus cannot be handled by this method . and it also suffers from the noisy word alignment . in this pa ←
→ job detection in twitter ; in this report , we propose a new application for twitter data called \ textit { job detection }. we identify people ' s job category based on their tweets . as a preliminary work , we limited our task to identify only it workers from other job holders . we have used and compared both simple bag of words model and a document representation based on skip - gram model . our results show that the model based on skip - gram , achieves a 76 \% precision and 82 \% recall .←
→ the effects of age , gender and region on non - standard linguistic variation in online social networks ; we present a corpus - based analysis of the effects of age , gender and region of origin on the production of both " netspeak " or " chatspeak " features and regional speech features in flemish dutch posts that were collected from a belgian online social network platform . the present study shows that combining quantitative and qualitative approaches is essential for understanding non - standard linguistic variati ←
→ a generalized hybrid real - coded quantum evolutionary algorithm based on particle swarm theory with arithmetic crossover ; this paper proposes a generalized hybrid real - coded quantum evolutionary algorithm ( hrcqea ) for optimizing complex functions as well as combinatorial optimization . the main idea of hrcqea is to devise a new technique for mutation and crossover operators . using the evolutionary equation of pso a single - multiple gene mutation ( smm ) is designed and the concept of arithmetic crossover ( ac )←
→ a novel approach to nose - tip and eye corners detection using h - k curvature analysis in case of 3d images ; in this paper we present a novel method that combines a hk curvature - based approach for three - dimensional ( 3d ) face detection in different poses ( x - axis , y - axis and z - axis ). salient face features , such as the eyes and nose , are detected through an analysis of the curvature of the entire facial surface . all the experiments have been performed on the frav3d database . after applying the proposed algorit ←
→ semi - stochastic gradient descent methods ; in this paper we study the problem of minimizing the average of a large number ($ n $) of smooth convex loss functions . we propose a new method , s2gd ( semi - stochastic gradient descent ), which runs for one or several epochs in each of which a single full gradient and a random number of stochastic gradients is computed , following a geometric law . the total work needed for the method to output an $\ varepsilon $- accurate solution in expectation , measured in the number of ←
→ sparse ising models with covariates ; there has been a lot of work fitting ising models to multivariate binary data in order to understand the conditional dependency relationships between the variables . however , additional covariates are frequently recorded together with the binary data , and may influence the dependence relationships . motivated by such a dataset on genomic instability collected from tumor samples of several types , we propose a sparse covariate dependent ising model to study both the conditi ←
→ a nonparametric adaptive nonlinear statistical filter ; we use statistical learning methods to construct an adaptive state estimator for nonlinear stochastic systems . optimal state estimation , in the form of a kalman filter , requires knowledge of the system ' s process and measurement uncertainty . we propose that these uncertainties can be estimated from ( conditioned on ) past observed data , and without making any assumptions of the system ' s prior distribution . the system ' s prior distribution at each time step ←
→ the application of deep convolutional neural networks to ultrasound for modelling of dynamic states within human skeletal muscle ; this paper concerns the fully automatic direct in vivo measurement of active and passive dynamic skeletal muscle states using ultrasound imaging . despite the long standing medical need ( myopathies , neuropathies , pain , injury , ageing ), currently technology ( electromyography , dynamometry , shear wave imaging ) provides no general , non - invasive method for online estimation of skele ←
→ a geometric method to obtain the generation probability of a sentence ; " how to generate a sentence " is the most critical and difficult problem in all the natural language processing technologies . in this paper , we present a new approach to explain the generation process of a sentence from the perspective of mathematics . our method is based on the premise that in our brain a sentence is a part of a word network which is formed by many word nodes . experiments show that the probability of the entire sentence ←
→ identification and interpretation of belief structure in dempster - shafer theory ; mathematical theory of evidence called also dempster - shafer theory ( dst ) is known as a foundation for reasoning when knowledge is expressed at various levels of detail . though much research effort has been committed to this theory since its foundation , many questions remain open . one of the most important open questions seems to be the relationship between frequencies and the mathematical theory of evidence . the theory is bl ←
→ results of evolution supervised by genetic algorithms ; a series of results of evolution supervised by genetic algorithms with interest to agricultural and horticultural fields are reviewed . new obtained original results from the use of genetic algorithms on structure - activity relationships are reported .←
→ cultivating dnn diversity for large scale video labelling ; we investigate factors controlling dnn diversity in the context of the google cloud and youtube - 8m video understanding challenge . while it is well - known that ensemble methods improve prediction performance , and that combining accurate but diverse predictors helps , there is little knowledge on how to best promote & measure dnn diversity . we show that diversity can be cultivated by some unexpected means , such as model over - fitting or dropout variatio ←
→ boosting image captioning with attributes ; automatically describing an image with a natural language has been an emerging challenge in both fields of computer vision and natural language processing . in this paper , we present long short - term memory with attributes ( lstm - a ) - a novel architecture that integrates attributes into the successful convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) plus recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) image captioning framework , by training them in an end - to - end manner . to incorporate attribut ←
→ linking image and text with 2 - way nets ; linking two data sources is a basic building block in numerous computer vision problems . canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) achieves this by utilizing a linear optimizer in order to maximize the correlation between the two views . recent work makes use of non - linear models , including deep learning techniques , that optimize the cca loss in some feature space . in this paper , we introduce a novel , bi - directional neural network architecture for the task of matching vect ←
→ gaussian processes over graphs ; we propose gaussian processes for signals over graphs ( gpg ) using the apriori knowledge that the target vectors lie over a graph . we incorporate this information using a graph - laplacian based regularization which enforces the target vectors to have a specific profile in terms of graph fourier transform coeffcients , for example lowpass or bandpass graph signals . we discuss how the regularization affects the mean and the variance in the prediction output . in particular , we pr ←
→ detecting changes between optical images of different spatial and spectral resolutions : a fusion - based approach ; change detection is one of the most challenging issues when analyzing remotely sensed images . comparing several multi - date images acquired through the same kind of sensor is the most common scenario . conversely , designing robust , flexible and scalable algorithms for change detection becomes even more challenging when the images have been acquired by two different kinds of sensors . this situati ←
→ visual to sound : generating natural sound for videos in the wild ; as two of the five traditional human senses ( sight , hearing , taste , smell , and touch ), vision and sound are basic sources through which humans understand the world . often correlated during natural events , these two modalities combine to jointly affect human perception . in this paper , we pose the task of generating sound given visual input . such capabilities could help enable applications in virtual reality ( generating sound for virtual scene ←
→ normalized google distance of multisets with applications ; normalized google distance ( ngd ) is a relative semantic distance based on the world wide web ( or any other large electronic database , for instance wikipedia ) and a search engine that returns aggregate page counts . the earlier ngd between pairs of search terms ( including phrases ) is not sufficient for all applications . we propose an ngd of finite multisets of search terms that is better for many applications . this gives a relative semantics shared b ←
→ event nugget detection with forward - backward recurrent neural networks ; traditional event detection methods heavily rely on manually engineered rich features . recent deep learning approaches alleviate this problem by automatic feature engineering . but such efforts , like tradition methods , have so far only focused on single - token event mentions , whereas in practice events can also be a phrase . we instead use forward - backward recurrent neural networks ( fbrnns ) to detect events that can be either words or phr ←
→ utility decomposition with deep corrections for scalable planning under uncertainty ; decomposition methods have been proposed in the past to approximate solutions to large sequential decision making problems . in contexts where an agent interacts with multiple entities , utility decomposition can be used where each individual entity is considered independently . the individual utility functions are then combined in real time to solve the global problem . although these techniques can perform well empirically ←
→ using options and covariance testing for long horizon off - policy policy evaluation ; evaluating a policy by deploying it in the real world can be risky and costly . off - policy policy evaluation ( ope ) algorithms use historical data collected from running a previous policy to evaluate a new policy , which provides a means for evaluating a policy without requiring it to ever be deployed . importance sampling is a popular ope method because it is robust to partial observability and works with continuous states a ←
→ inferencing based on unsupervised learning of disentangled representations ; combining generative adversarial networks ( gans ) with encoders that learn to encode data points has shown promising results in learning data representations in an unsupervised way . we propose a framework that combines an encoder and a generator to learn disentangled representations which encode meaningful information about the data distribution without the need for any labels . while current approaches focus mostly on the generati ←
→ convex multitask learning with flexible task clusters ; traditionally , multitask learning ( mtl ) assumes that all the tasks are related . this can lead to negative transfer when tasks are indeed incoherent . recently , a number of approaches have been proposed that alleviate this problem by discovering the underlying task clusters or relationships . however , they are limited to modeling these relationships at the task level , which may be restrictive in some applications . in this paper , we propose a novel mtl for ←
→ local image registration a comparison for bilateral registration mammography ; early tumor detection is key in reducing the number of breast cancer death and screening mammography is one of the most widely available and reliable method for early detection . however , it is difficult for the radiologist to process with the same attention each case , due the large amount of images to be read . computer aided detection ( cade ) systems improve tumor detection rate ; but the current efficiency of these systems is no ←
→ sensorimotor input as a language generalisation tool : a neurorobotics model for generation and generalisation of noun - verb combinations with sensorimotor inputs ; the paper presents a neurorobotics cognitive model to explain the understanding and generalisation of nouns and verbs combinations when a vocal command consisting of a verb - noun sentence is provided to a humanoid robot . this generalisation process is done via the grounding process : different objects are being interacted , and associated , with d ←
→ motifs de graphe pour le calcul de dépendances syntaxiques complètes ; this article describes a method to build syntactical dependencies starting from the phrase structure parsing process . the goal is to obtain all the information needed for a detailled semantical analysis . interaction grammars are used for parsing ; the saturation of polarities which is the core of this formalism can be mapped to dependency relation . formally , graph patterns are used to express the set of constraints which control dependenc ←
→ distributed weighted parameter averaging for svm training on big data ; two popular approaches for distributed training of svms on big data are parameter averaging and admm . parameter averaging is efficient but suffers from loss of accuracy with increase in number of partitions , while admm in the feature space is accurate but suffers from slow convergence . in this paper , we report a hybrid approach called weighted parameter averaging ( wpa ), which optimizes the regularized hinge loss with respect to weights ←
→ word embeddings quantify 100 years of gender and ethnic stereotypes ; word embeddings use vectors to represent words such that the geometry between vectors captures semantic relationship between the words . in this paper , we develop a framework to demonstrate how the temporal dynamics of the embedding can be leveraged to quantify changes in stereotypes and attitudes toward women and ethnic minorities in the 20th and 21st centuries in the united states . we integrate word embeddings trained on 100 years of tex ←
→ defeasible reasoning in oscar ; this is a system description for the oscar defeasible reasoner .←
→ efficient sum of outer products dictionary learning ( soup - dil ) and its application to inverse problems ; the sparsity of signals in a transform domain or dictionary has been exploited in applications such as compression , denoising and inverse problems . more recently , data - driven adaptation of synthesis dictionaries has shown promise compared to analytical dictionary models . however , dictionary learning problems are typically non - convex and np - hard , and the usual alternating minimization approaches for the ←
→ large margin filtering for signal sequence labeling ; signal sequence labeling consists in predicting a sequence of labels given an observed sequence of samples . a naive way is to filter the signal in order to reduce the noise and to apply a classification algorithm on the filtered samples . we propose in this paper to jointly learn the filter with the classifier leading to a large margin filtering for classification . this method allows to learn the optimal cutoff frequency and phase of the filter that may b ←
→ solving a path planning problem in a partially known environment using a swarm algorithm ; this paper proposes a path planning strategy for an autonomous ground vehicle ( agv ) navigating in a partially known environment . global path planning is performed by first using a spatial database of the region to be traversed containing selected attributes such as height data and soil information from a suitable spatial database . the database is processed using a biomimetic swarm algorithm that is inspired by the n ←
→ boosting simple collaborative filtering models using ensemble methods ; in this paper we examine the effect of applying ensemble learning to the performance of collaborative filtering methods . we present several systematic approaches for generating an ensemble of collaborative filtering models based on a single collaborative filtering algorithm ( single - model or homogeneous ensemble ). we present an adaptation of several popular ensemble techniques in machine learning for the collaborative filtering domain , i ←
→ deep learning - based numerical methods for high - dimensional parabolic partial differential equations and backward stochastic differential equations ; we propose a new algorithm for solving parabolic partial differential equations ( pdes ) and backward stochastic differential equations ( bsdes ) in high dimension , by making an analogy between the bsde and reinforcement learning with the gradient of the solution playing the role of the policy function , and the loss function given by the error between the prescri ←
→ statistical feature combination for the evaluation of game positions ; this article describes an application of three well - known statistical methods in the field of game - tree search : using a large number of classified othello positions , feature weights for evaluation functions with a game - phase - independent meaning are estimated by means of logistic regression , fisher ' s linear discriminant , and the quadratic discriminant function for normally distributed features . thereafter , the playing strengths are compar ←
→ a neural circuit for navigation inspired by c . elegans chemotaxis ; we develop an artificial neural circuit for contour tracking and navigation inspired by the chemotaxis of the nematode caenorhabditis elegans . in order to harness the computational advantages spiking neural networks promise over their non - spiking counterparts , we develop a network comprising 7 - spiking neurons with non - plastic synapses which we show is extremely robust in tracking a range of concentrations . our worm uses information regardin ←
→ magnet and " efficient defenses against adversarial attacks " are not robust to adversarial examples ; magnet and " efficient defenses ..." were recently proposed as a defense to adversarial examples . we find that we can construct adversarial examples that defeat these defenses with only a slight increase in distortion .←
→ estimating the intrinsic dimension of hyperspectral images using an eigen - gap approach ; linear mixture models are commonly used to represent hyperspectral datacube as a linear combinations of endmember spectra . however , determining of the number of endmembers for images embedded in noise is a crucial task . this paper proposes a fully automatic approach for estimating the number of endmembers in hyperspectral images . the estimation is based on recent results of random matrix theory related to the so - calle ←
→ deep layer aggregation ; visual recognition requires rich representations that span levels from low to high , scales from small to large , and resolutions from fine to coarse . even with the depth of features in a convolutional network , a layer in isolation is not enough : compounding and aggregating these representations improves inference of what and where . architectural efforts are exploring many dimensions for network backbones , designing deeper or wider architectures , but how to best aggregate layers and b ←
→ multi - focus image fusion via coupled sparse representation and dictionary learning ; we address the multi - focus image fusion problem , where multiple images captured with different focal settings are to be fused into an all - in - focus image of higher quality . algorithms for this problem necessarily admit the source image characteristics along with focused and blurred feature . however , most sparsity - based approaches use a single dictionary in focused feature space to describe multi - focus images , and ignore th ←
→ manifold regularization in structured output space for semi - supervised structured output prediction ; structured output prediction aims to learn a predictor to predict a structured output from a input data vector . the structured outputs include vector , tree , sequence , etc . we usually assume that we have a training set of input - output pairs to train the predictor . however , in many real - world appli - cations , it is difficult to obtain the output for a input , thus for many training input data points , the stru ←
→ generating and exploiting large - scale pseudo training data for zero pronoun resolution ; most existing approaches for zero pronoun resolution are heavily relying on annotated data , which is often released by shared task organizers . therefore , the lack of annotated data becomes a major obstacle in the progress of zero pronoun resolution task . also , it is expensive to spend manpower on labeling the data for better performance . to alleviate the problem above , in this paper , we propose a simple but novel appr ←
→ vanquishing the xcb question : the methodology discovery of the last shortest single axiom for the equivalential calculus ; with the inclusion of an effective methodology , this article answers in detail a question that , for a quarter of a century , remained open despite intense study by various researchers . is the formula xcb = e ( x , e ( e ( e ( x , y ), e ( z , y )), z )) a single axiom for the classical equivalential calculus when the rules of inference consist of detachment ( modus ponens ) and substitution ? where the functi ←
→ better global polynomial approximation for image rectification ; when using images to locate objects , there is the problem of correcting for distortion and misalignment in the images . an elegant way of solving this problem is to generate an error correcting function that maps points in an image to their corrected locations . we generate such a function by fitting a polynomial to a set of sample points . the objective is to identify a polynomial that passes " sufficiently close " to these points with " good " appr ←
→ long - term trends in the public perception of artificial intelligence ; analyses of text corpora over time can reveal trends in beliefs , interest , and sentiment about a topic . we focus on views expressed about artificial intelligence ( ai ) in the new york times over a 30 - year period . general interest , awareness , and discussion about ai has waxed and waned since the field was founded in 1956 . we present a set of measures that captures levels of engagement , measures of pessimism and optimism , the prevalence of ←
→ fruit quantity and quality estimation using a robotic vision system ; accurate localisation of crop remains highly challenging in unstructured environments such as farms . many of the developed systems still rely on the use of hand selected features for crop identification and often neglect the estimation of crop quantity and quality , which is key to assigning labor during farming processes . to alleviate these limitations we present a robotic vision system that can accurately estimate the quantity and qualit ←
→ classification of gradient change features using mlp for handwritten character recognition ; a novel , generic scheme for off - line handwritten english alphabets character images is proposed . the advantage of the technique is that it can be applied in a generic manner to different applications and is expected to perform better in uncertain and noisy environments . the recognition scheme is using a multilayer perceptron ( mlp ) neural networks . the system was trained and tested on a database of 300 samples of ha ←
→ robust mcmc sampling with non - gaussian and hierarchical priors in high dimensions ; a key problem in inference for high dimensional unknowns is the design of sampling algorithms whose performance scales favourably with the dimension of the unknown . a typical setting in which these problems arise is the area of bayesian inverse problems . in such problems , which include graph - based learning , nonparametric regression and pde - based inversion , the unknown can be viewed as an infinite - dimensional parameter ( suc ←
→ efficient implementations of the generalized lasso dual path algorithm ; we consider efficient implementations of the generalized lasso dual path algorithm of tibshirani and taylor ( 2011 ). we first describe a generic approach that covers any penalty matrix d and any ( full column rank ) matrix x of predictor variables . we then describe fast implementations for the special cases of trend filtering problems , fused lasso problems , and sparse fused lasso problems , both with x = i and a general matrix x . these speci ←
→ continuous semantic topic embedding model using variational autoencoder ; this paper proposes the continuous semantic topic embedding model ( cstem ) which finds latent topic variables in documents using continuous semantic distance function between the topics and the words by means of the variational autoencoder ( vae ). the semantic distance could be represented by any symmetric bell - shaped geometric distance function on the euclidean space , for which the mahalanobis distance is used in this paper . in order fo ←
→ dominance based crossover operator for evolutionary multi - objective algorithms ; in spite of the recent quick growth of the evolutionary multi - objective optimization ( emo ) research field , there has been few trials to adapt the general variation operators to the particular context of the quest for the pareto - optimal set . the only exceptions are some mating restrictions that take in account the distance between the potential mates - but contradictory conclusions have been reported . this paper introduces a p ←
→ hashing as tie - aware learning to rank ; hashing , or learning binary embeddings of data , is frequently used in nearest neighbor retrieval . in this paper , we develop learning to rank formulations for hashing , aimed at directly optimizing ranking - based evaluation metrics such as average precision ( ap ) and normalized discounted cumulative gain ( ndcg ). we first observe that the integer - valued hamming distance often leads to tied rankings , and propose to use tie - aware versions of ap and ndcg to evaluate hashing f ←
→ modnet : moving object detection network with motion and appearance for autonomous driving ; we propose a novel multi - task learning system that combines appearance and motion cues for a better semantic reasoning of the environment . a unified architecture for joint vehicle detection and motion segmentation is introduced . in this architecture , a two - stream encoder is shared among both tasks . in order to evaluate our method in autonomous driving setting , kitti annotated sequences with detection and odometry g ←
→ robust visual tracking via hierarchical convolutional features ; visual tracking is challenging as target objects often undergo significant appearance changes caused by deformation , abrupt motion , background clutter and occlusion . in this paper , we propose to exploit the rich hierarchical features of deep convolutional neural networks to improve the accuracy and robustness of visual tracking . deep neural networks trained on object recognition datasets consist of multiple convolutional layers . these layers e ←
→ measuring catastrophic forgetting in neural networks ; deep neural networks are used in many state - of - the - art systems for machine perception . once a network is trained to do a specific task , e . g ., bird classification , it cannot easily be trained to do new tasks , e . g ., incrementally learning to recognize additional bird species or learning an entirely different task such as flower recognition . when new tasks are added , typical deep neural networks are prone to catastrophically forgetting previous tasks . netw ←
→ greedy search for descriptive spatial face features ; facial expression recognition methods use a combination of geometric and appearance - based features . spatial features are derived from displacements of facial landmarks , and carry geometric information . these features are either selected based on prior knowledge , or dimension - reduced from a large pool . in this study , we produce a large number of potential spatial features using two combinations of facial landmarks . among these , we search for a descriptive ←
→ the complex gaussian kernel lms algorithm ; although the real reproducing kernels are used in an increasing number of machine learning problems , complex kernels have not , yet , been used , in spite of their potential interest in applications such as communications . in this work , we focus our attention on the complex gaussian kernel and its possible application in the complex kernel lms algorithm . in order to derive the gradients needed to develop the complex kernel lms ( cklms ), we employ the powerful tool of ←
→ deep architectures for automated seizure detection in scalp eegs ; automated seizure detection using clinical electroencephalograms is a challenging machine learning problem because the multichannel signal often has an extremely low signal to noise ratio . events of interest such as seizures are easily confused with signal artifacts ( e . g , eye movements ) or benign variants ( e . g ., slowing ). commercially available systems suffer from unacceptably high false alarm rates . deep learning algorithms that employ high ←
→ image denoising and restoration with cnn - lstm encoder decoder with direct attention ; image denoising is always a challenging task in the field of computer vision and image processing . in this paper , we have proposed an encoder - decoder model with direct attention , which is capable of denoising and reconstruct highly corrupted images . our model consists of an encoder and a decoder , where the encoder is a convolutional neural network and decoder is a multilayer long short - term memory network . in the propose ←
→ towards the fully automatic merging of lexical resources : a step forward ; this article reports on the results of the research done towards the fully automatically merging of lexical resources . our main goal is to show the generality of the proposed approach , which have been previously applied to merge spanish subcategorization frames lexica . in this work we extend and apply the same technique to perform the merging of morphosyntactic lexica encoded in lmf . the experiments showed that the technique is gener ←
→ a permutation - based model for crowd labeling : optimal estimation and robustness ; the aggregation and denoising of crowd labeled data is a task that has gained increased significance with the advent of crowdsourcing platforms and massive datasets . in this paper , we propose a permutation - based model for crowd labeled data that is a significant generalization of the common dawid - skene model , and introduce a new error metric by which to compare different estimators . working in a high - dimensional non - asymptot ←
→ level - based analysis of genetic algorithms and other search processes ; understanding how the time - complexity of evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) depend on their parameter settings and characteristics of fitness landscapes is a fundamental problem in evolutionary computation . most rigorous results were derived using a handful of key analytic techniques , including drift analysis . however , since few of these techniques apply effortlessly to population - based eas , most time - complexity results concern simplified ea ←
→ revealing structure in large graphs : szemerédi ' s regularity lemma and its use in pattern recognition ; introduced in the mid - 1970 ' s as an intermediate step in proving a long - standing conjecture on arithmetic progressions , szemer \' edi ' s regularity lemma has emerged over time as a fundamental tool in different branches of graph theory , combinatorics and theoretical computer science . roughly , it states that every graph can be approximated by the union of a small number of random - like bipartite graphs called ←
→ anytime exact belief propagation ; statistical relational models and , more recently , probabilistic programming , have been making strides towards an integration of logic and probabilistic reasoning . a natural expectation for this project is that a probabilistic logic reasoning algorithm reduces to a logic reasoning algorithm when provided a model that only involves 0 - 1 probabilities , exhibiting all the advantages of logic reasoning such as short - circuiting , intelligibility , and the ability to provide proof t ←
→ np - hardness and inapproximability of sparse pca ; we give a reduction from {\ sc clique } to establish that sparse pca is np - hard . the reduction has a gap which we use to exclude an fptas for sparse pca ( unless p = np ). under weaker complexity assumptions , we also exclude polynomial constant - factor approximation algorithms .←
→ adversarial top -$ k $ ranking ; we study the top -$ k $ ranking problem where the goal is to recover the set of top -$ k $ ranked items out of a large collection of items based on partially revealed preferences . we consider an adversarial crowdsourced setting where there are two population sets , and pairwise comparison samples drawn from one of the populations follow the standard bradley - terry - luce model ( i . e ., the chance of item $ i $ beating item $ j $ is proportional to the relative score of item $ i $ to item $ j $), w ←
→ an efficient approximation algorithm for point pattern matching under noise ; point pattern matching problems are of fundamental importance in various areas including computer vision and structural bioinformatics . in this paper , we study one of the more general problems , known as lcp ( largest common point set problem ): let $\ pp $ and $\ qq $ be two point sets in $\ mathbb { r }^ 3 $, and let $\ epsilon \ geq 0 $ be a tolerance parameter , the problem is to find a rigid motion $\ mu $ that maximizes the cardinality of su ←
→ embracing error to enable rapid crowdsourcing ; microtask crowdsourcing has enabled dataset advances in social science and machine learning , but existing crowdsourcing schemes are too expensive to scale up with the expanding volume of data . to scale and widen the applicability of crowdsourcing , we present a technique that produces extremely rapid judgments for binary and categorical labels . rather than punishing all errors , which causes workers to proceed slowly and deliberately , our technique speeds up wor ←
→ a parallel algorithm for dilated contour extraction from bilevel images ; we describe a simple , but efficient algorithm for the generation of dilated contours from bilevel images . the initial part of the contour extraction is explained to be a good candidate for parallel computer code generation . the remainder of the algorithm is of linear nature .←
→ learning deep correspondence through prior and posterior feature constancy ; stereo matching algorithms usually consist of four steps , including matching cost calculation , matching cost aggregation , disparity calculation , and disparity refinement . existing cnn - based methods only adopt cnn to solve parts of the four steps , or use different networks to deal with different steps , making them difficult to obtain the overall optimal solution . in this paper , we propose a network architecture to incorporate all ←
→ deep bayesian active semi - supervised learning ; in many applications the process of generating label information is expensive and time consuming . we present a new method that combines active and semi - supervised deep learning to achieve high generalization performance from a deep convolutional neural network with as few known labels as possible . in a setting where a small amount of labeled data as well as a large amount of unlabeled data is available , our method first learns the labeled data set . this initia ←
→ phase transitions in restricted boltzmann machines with generic priors ; we study generalised restricted boltzmann machines with generic priors for units and weights , interpolating between boolean and gaussian variables . we present a complete analysis of the replica symmetric phase diagram of these systems , which can be regarded as generalised hopfield models . we underline the role of the retrieval phase for both inference and learning processes and we show that retrieval is robust for a large class of weig ←
→ kafnets : kernel - based non - parametric activation functions for neural networks ; neural networks are generally built by interleaving ( adaptable ) linear layers with ( fixed ) nonlinear activation functions . to increase their flexibility , several authors have proposed methods for adapting the activation functions themselves , endowing them with varying degrees of flexibility . none of these approaches , however , have gained wide acceptance in practice , and research in this topic remains open . in this paper , we in ←
→ personalized machine learning for robot perception of affect and engagement in autism therapy ; robots have great potential to facilitate future therapies for children on the autism spectrum . however , existing robots lack the ability to automatically perceive and respond to human affect , which is necessary for establishing and maintaining engaging interactions . moreover , their inference challenge is made harder by the fact that many individuals with autism have atypical and unusually diverse styles of exp ←
→ budgeted experiment design for causal structure learning ; we study the problem of causal structure learning when the experimenter is limited to perform at most $ k $ non - adaptive experiments of size $ 1 $. we formulate the problem of finding the best intervention target set as an optimization problem , which aims to maximize the average number of edges whose directions are resolved . we prove that the objective function is submodular and a greedy algorithm is a $( 1 -\ frac { 1 }{ e })$- approximation algorithm for the p ←
→ noisy submodular maximization via adaptive sampling with applications to crowdsourced image collection summarization ; we address the problem of maximizing an unknown submodular function that can only be accessed via noisy evaluations . our work is motivated by the task of summarizing content , e . g ., image collections , by leveraging users ' feedback in form of clicks or ratings . for summarization tasks with the goal of maximizing coverage and diversity , submodular set functions are a natural choice . when the ←
→ online classifier adaptation for cost - sensitive learning ; in this paper , we propose the problem of online cost - sensitive clas - sifier adaptation and the first algorithm to solve it . we assume we have a base classifier for a cost - sensitive classification problem , but it is trained with respect to a cost setting different to the desired one . moreover , we also have some training data samples streaming to the algorithm one by one . the prob - lem is to adapt the given base classifier to the desired cost setting ←
→ properties of the sample mean in graph spaces and the majorize - minimize - mean algorithm ; one of the most fundamental concepts in statistics is the concept of sample mean . properties of the sample mean that are well - defined in euclidean spaces become unwieldy or even unclear in graph spaces . open problems related to the sample mean of graphs include : non - existence , non - uniqueness , statistical inconsistency , lack of convergence results of mean algorithms , non - existence of midpoints , and disparity to midpoin ←
→ nonlinear metric learning for knn and svms through geometric transformations ; in recent years , research efforts to extend linear metric learning models to handle nonlinear structures have attracted great interests . in this paper , we propose a novel nonlinear solution through the utilization of deformable geometric models to learn spatially varying metrics , and apply the strategy to boost the performance of both knn and svm classifiers . thin - plate splines ( tps ) are chosen as the geometric model due to the ←
→ detecting intentional lexical ambiguity in english puns ; the article describes a model of automatic analysis of puns , where a word is intentionally used in two meanings at the same time ( the target word ). we employ roget ' s thesaurus to discover two groups of words which , in a pun , form around two abstract bits of meaning ( semes ). they become a semantic vector , based on which an svm classifier learns to recognize puns , reaching a score 0 . 73 for f - measure . we apply several rule - based methods to locate intent ←
→ representing text chunks ; dividing sentences in chunks of words is a useful preprocessing step for parsing , information extraction and information retrieval . ( ramshaw and marcus , 1995 ) have introduced a " convenient " data representation for chunking by converting it to a tagging task . in this paper we will examine seven different data representations for the problem of recognizing noun phrase chunks . we will show that the the data representation choice has a minor influence on chunking performance . however ,←
→ learnable pooling with context gating for video classification ; current methods for video analysis often extract frame - level features using pre - trained convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). such features are then aggregated over time e . g ., by simple temporal averaging or more sophisticated recurrent neural networks such as long short - term memory ( lstm ) or gated recurrent units ( gru ). in this work we revise existing video representations and study alternative methods for temporal aggregation . we first explo ←
→ bayesian linear regression with student - t assumptions ; as an automatic method of determining model complexity using the training data alone , bayesian linear regression provides us a principled way to select hyperparameters . but one often needs approximation inference if distribution assumption is beyond gaussian distribution . in this paper , we propose a bayesian linear regression model with student - t assumptions ( blrs ), which can be inferred exactly . in this framework , both conjugate prior and expectation ←
→ similarity of semantic relations ; there are at least two kinds of similarity . relational similarity is correspondence between relations , in contrast with attributional similarity , which is correspondence between attributes . when two words have a high degree of attributional similarity , we call them synonyms . when two pairs of words have a high degree of relational similarity , we say that their relations are analogous . for example , the word pair mason : stone is analogous to the pair carpenter : wood . this pape ←
→ an analysis of tournament structure ; this paper explores a novel way for analyzing the tournament structures to find a best suitable one for the tournament under consideration . it concerns about three aspects such as tournament conducting cost , competitiveness development and ranking precision . it then proposes a new method using progress tree to detect potential throwaway matches . the analysis performed using the proposed method reveals the strengths and weaknesses of tournament structures . as a conclusio ←
→ dynamic landscape models of coevolutionary games ; players of coevolutionary games may update not only their strategies but also their networks of interaction . based on interpreting the payoff of players as fitness , dynamic landscape models are proposed . the modeling procedure is carried out for prisoner ' s dilemma ( pd ) and snowdrift ( sd ) games that both use either birth -- death ( bd ) or death -- birth ( db ) strategy updating . the main focus is on using dynamic fitness landscapes as a mathematical model of coevol ←
→ fast convergent algorithms for expectation propagation approximate bayesian inference ; we propose a novel algorithm to solve the expectation propagation relaxation of bayesian inference for continuous - variable graphical models . in contrast to most previous algorithms , our method is provably convergent . by marrying convergent ep ideas from ( opper & winther 05 ) with covariance decoupling techniques ( wipf & nagarajan 08 , nickisch & seeger 09 ), it runs at least an order of magnitude faster than the most commonly u ←
→ motion - compensated temporal filtering for critically - sampled wavelet - encoded images ; we propose a novel motion estimation / compensation ( me / mc ) method for wavelet - based ( in - band ) motion compensated temporal filtering ( mctf ), with application to low - bitrate video coding . unlike the conventional in - band mctf algorithms , which require redundancy to overcome the shift - variance problem of critically sampled ( complete ) discrete wavelet transforms ( dwt ), we perform me / mc steps directly on dwt coefficients by avo ←
→ search intelligence : deep learning for dominant category prediction ; deep neural networks , and specifically fully - connected convolutional neural networks are achieving remarkable results across a wide variety of domains . they have been trained to achieve state - of - the - art performance when applied to problems such as speech recognition , image classification , natural language processing and bioinformatics . most of these deep learning models when applied to classification employ the softmax activation function ←
→ certifying the existence of epipolar matrices ; given a set of point correspondences in two images , the existence of a fundamental matrix is a necessary condition for the points to be the images of a 3 - dimensional scene imaged with two pinhole cameras . if the camera calibration is known then one requires the existence of an essential matrix . we present an efficient algorithm , using exact linear algebra , for testing the existence of a fundamental matrix . the input is any number of point correspondences . fo ←
→ the local rademacher complexity of lp - norm multiple kernel learning ; we derive an upper bound on the local rademacher complexity of $\ ell_p $- norm multiple kernel learning , which yields a tighter excess risk bound than global approaches . previous local approaches aimed at analyzed the case $ p = 1 $ only while our analysis covers all cases $ 1 \ leq p \ leq \ infty $, assuming the different feature mappings corresponding to the different kernels to be uncorrelated . we also show a lower bound that shows that the bound i ←
→ communication of social agents and the digital city - a semiotic perspective ; this paper investigates the concept of digital city . first , a functional analysis of a digital city is made in the light of the modern study of urbanism ; similarities between the virtual and urban constructions are pointed out . next , a semiotic perspective on the subject matter is elaborated , and a terminological basis is introduced to treat a digital city as a self - organizing meaning - producing system intended to support social ←
→ occlusion - model guided anti - occlusion depth estimation in light field ; occlusion is one of the most challenging problems in depth estimation . previous work has modeled the single - occluder occlusion in light field and get good results , however it is still difficult to obtain accurate depth for multi - occluder occlusion . in this paper , we explore the multi - occluder occlusion model in light field , and derive the occluder - consistency between the spatial and angular space which is used as a guidance to select th ←
→ a distance - based paraconsistent semantics for dl - lite ; dl - lite is an important family of description logics . recently , there is an increasing interest in handling inconsistency in dl - lite as the constraint imposed by a tbox can be easily violated by assertions in abox in dl - lite . in this paper , we present a distance - based paraconsistent semantics based on the notion of feature in dl - lite , which provides a novel way to rationally draw meaningful conclusions even from an inconsistent knowledge base . finally ,←
→ logic and constraint logic programming for distributed constraint optimization ; the field of distributed constraint optimization problems ( dcops ) has gained momentum , thanks to its suitability in capturing complex problems ( e . g ., multi - agent coordination and resource allocation problems ) that are naturally distributed and cannot be realistically addressed in a centralized manner . the state of the art in solving dcops relies on the use of ad - hoc infrastructures and ad - hoc constraint solving procedures . th ←
→ speech signal analysis for the estimation of heart rates under different emotional states ; a non - invasive method for the monitoring of heart activity can help to reduce the deaths caused by heart disorders such as stroke , arrhythmia and heart attack . the human voice can be considered as a biometric data that can be used for estimation of heart rate . in this paper , we propose a method for estimating the heart rate from human speech dynamically using voice signal analysis and by the development of an empir ←
→ a non - blind watermarking scheme for gray scale images in discrete wavelet transform domain using two subbands ; digital watermarking is the process to hide digital pattern directly into a digital content . digital watermarking techniques are used to address digital rights management , protect information and conceal secrets . an invisible non - blind watermarking approach for gray scale images is proposed in this paper . the host image is decomposed into 3 - levels using discrete wavelet transform . based on the p ←
→ on better training the infinite restricted boltzmann machines ; the infinite restricted boltzmann machine ( irbm ) is an extension of the classic rbm . it enjoys a good property of automatically deciding the size of the hidden layer according to specific training data . with sufficient training , the irbm can achieve a competitive performance with that of the classic rbm . however , the convergence of learning the irbm is slow , due to the fact that the irbm is sensitive to the ordering of its hidden units , the lea ←
→ global optimization for low - dimensional switching linear regression and bounded - error estimation ; the paper provides global optimization algorithms for two particularly difficult nonconvex problems raised by hybrid system identification : switching linear regression and bounded - error estimation . while most works focus on local optimization heuristics without global optimality guarantees or with guarantees valid only under restrictive conditions , the proposed approach always yields a solution with a certif ←
→ deep learning algorithms with applications to video analytics for a smart city : a survey ; deep learning has recently achieved very promising results in a wide range of areas such as computer vision , speech recognition and natural language processing . it aims to learn hierarchical representations of data by using deep architecture models . in a smart city , a lot of data ( e . g . videos captured from many distributed sensors ) need to be automatically processed and analyzed . in this paper , we review the deep le ←
→ detecting fake escrow websites using rich fraud cues and kernel based methods ; the ability to automatically detect fraudulent escrow websites is important in order to alleviate online auction fraud . despite research on related topics , fake escrow website categorization has received little attention . in this study we evaluated the effectiveness of various features and techniques for detecting fake escrow websites . our analysis included a rich set of features extracted from web page text , image , and link i ←
→ artificial intelligence safety and cybersecurity : a timeline of ai failures ; in this work , we present and analyze reported failures of artificially intelligent systems and extrapolate our analysis to future ais . we suggest that both the frequency and the seriousness of future ai failures will steadily increase . ai safety can be improved based on ideas developed by cybersecurity experts . for narrow ais safety failures are at the same , moderate , level of criticality as in cybersecurity , however for general ←
→ error concealment by means of motion refinement and regularized bregman divergence ; this work addresses the problem of error concealment in video transmission systems over noisy channels employing bregman divergences along with regularization . error concealment intends to improve the effects of disturbances at the reception due to bit - errors or cell loss in packet networks . bregman regularization gives accurate answers after just some iterations with fast convergence , better accuracy , and stability . this ←
→ semantic similarity in a taxonomy : an information - based measure and its application to problems of ambiguity in natural language ; this article presents a measure of semantic similarity in an is - a taxonomy based on the notion of shared information content . experimental evaluation against a benchmark set of human similarity judgments demonstrates that the measure performs better than the traditional edge - counting approach . the article presents algorithms that take advantage of taxonomic similarity in resol ←
→ joint ctc - attention based end - to - end speech recognition using multi - task learning ; recently , there has been an increasing interest in end - to - end speech recognition that directly transcribes speech to text without any predefined alignments . one approach is the attention - based encoder - decoder framework that learns a mapping between variable - length input and output sequences in one step using a purely data - driven method . the attention model has often been shown to improve the performance over another end - to ←
→ truelabel + confusions : a spectrum of probabilistic models in analyzing multiple ratings ; this paper revisits the problem of analyzing multiple ratings given by different judges . different from previous work that focuses on distilling the true labels from noisy crowdsourcing ratings , we emphasize gaining diagnostic insights into our in - house well - trained judges . we generalize the well - known dawidskene model ( dawid & skene , 1979 ) to a spectrum of probabilistic models under the same " truelabel + confusion "←
→ deep visual - semantic alignments for generating image descriptions ; we present a model that generates natural language descriptions of images and their regions . our approach leverages datasets of images and their sentence descriptions to learn about the inter - modal correspondences between language and visual data . our alignment model is based on a novel combination of convolutional neural networks over image regions , bidirectional recurrent neural networks over sentences , and a structured objective that ali ←
→ precisely verifying the null space conditions in compressed sensing : a sandwiching algorithm ; in this paper , we propose new efficient algorithms to verify the null space condition in compressed sensing ( cs ). given an $( n - m ) \ times n $ ($ m > 0 $) cs matrix $ a $ and a positive $ k $, we are interested in computing $\ displaystyle \ alpha_k = \ max_ {\{ z : az = 0 , z \ neq 0 \}}\ max_ {\{ k : | k |\ leq k \}}$ ${\| z_k \| _ { 1 }}{\| z \| _ { 1 }}$, where $ k $ represents subsets of $\{ 1 , 2 ,..., n \}$, and $| k |$ is the cardinality of $ k $. in particu ←
→ similarity assessment through blocking and affordance assignment in textual cbr ; it has been conceived that children learn new objects through their affordances , that is , the actions that can be taken on them . we suggest that web pages also have affordances defined in terms of the users ' information need they meet . an assumption of the proposed approach is that different parts of a text may not be equally important / relevant to a given query . judgment on the relevance of a web document requires , therefo ←
→ triplet probabilistic embedding for face verification and clustering ; despite significant progress made over the past twenty five years , unconstrained face verification remains a challenging problem . this paper proposes an approach that couples a deep cnn - based approach with a low - dimensional discriminative embedding learned using triplet probability constraints to solve the unconstrained face verification problem . aside from yielding performance improvements , this embedding provides significant advantages ←
→ image inpainting for high - resolution textures using cnn texture synthesis ; deep neural networks have been successfully applied to problems such as image segmentation , image super - resolution , coloration and image inpainting . in this work we propose the use of convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) for image inpainting of large regions in high - resolution textures . due to limited computational resources processing high - resolution images with neural networks is still an open problem . existing methods separate i ←
→ corrected kriging update formulae for batch - sequential data assimilation ; recently , a lot of effort has been paid to the efficient computation of kriging predictors when observations are assimilated sequentially . in particular , kriging update formulae enabling significant computational savings were derived in barnes and watson ( 1992 ), gao et al . ( 1996 ), and emery ( 2009 ). taking advantage of the previous kriging mean and variance calculations helps avoiding a costly $( n + 1 ) \ times ( n + 1 )$ matrix inversion whe ←
→ single - model encoder - decoder with explicit morphological representation for reinflection ; morphological reinflection is the task of generating a target form given a source form , a source tag and a target tag . we propose a new way of modeling this task with neural encoder - decoder models . our approach reduces the amount of required training data for this architecture and achieves state - of - the - art results , making encoder - decoder models applicable to morphological reinflection even for low - resource languages ←
→ comparing fifty natural languages and twelve genetic languages using word embedding language divergence ( weld ) as a quantitative measure of language distance ; we introduce a new measure of distance between languages based on word embedding , called word embedding language divergence ( weld ). weld is defined as divergence between unified similarity distribution of words between languages . using such a measure , we perform language comparison for fifty natural languages and twelve genetic languages . our nat ←
→ reducing commitment to tasks with off - policy hierarchical reinforcement learning ; in experimenting with off - policy temporal difference ( td ) methods in hierarchical reinforcement learning ( hrl ) systems , we have observed unwanted on - policy learning under reproducible conditions . here we present modifications to several td methods that prevent unintentional on - policy learning from occurring . these modifications create a tension between exploration and learning . traditional td methods require commitment to f ←
→ gray level co - occurrence matrices : generalisation and some new features ; gray level co - occurrence matrices ( glcm ) are one of the earliest techniques used for image texture analysis . in this paper we defined a new feature called trace extracted from the glcm and its implications in texture analysis are discussed in the context of content based image retrieval ( cbir ). the theoretical extension of glcm to n - dimensional gray scale images are also discussed . the results indicate that trace features outperform h ←
→ joint bayesian gaussian discriminant analysis for speaker verification ; state - of - the - art i - vector based speaker verification relies on variants of probabilistic linear discriminant analysis ( plda ) for discriminant analysis . we are mainly motivated by the recent work of the joint bayesian ( jb ) method , which is originally proposed for discriminant analysis in face verification . we apply jb to speaker verification and make three contributions beyond the original jb . 1 ) in contrast to the em iterations with ap ←
→ fixing the infix : unsupervised discovery of root - and - pattern morphology ; we present an unsupervised and language - agnostic method for learning root - and - pattern morphology in semitic languages . this form of morphology , abundant in semitic languages , has not been handled in prior unsupervised approaches . we harness the syntactico - semantic information in distributed word representations to solve the long standing problem of root - and - pattern discovery in semitic languages . moreover , we construct an unsupervised ←
→ ambiguous proximity distribution ; proximity distribution kernel is an effective method for bag - of - featues based image representation . in this paper , we investigate the soft assignment of visual words to image features for proximity distribution . visual word contribution function is proposed to model ambiguous proximity distributions . three ambiguous proximity distributions is developed by three ambiguous contribution functions . the experiments are conducted on both classification and retrieval of medical i ←
→ automatic extraction of causal relations from natural language texts : a comprehensive survey ; automatic extraction of cause - effect relationships from natural language texts is a challenging open problem in artificial intelligence . most of the early attempts at its solution used manually constructed linguistic and syntactic rules on small and domain - specific data sets . however , with the advent of big data , the availability of affordable computing power and the recent popularization of machine learning , th ←
→ recursive neural language architecture for tag prediction ; we consider the problem of learning distributed representations for tags from their associated content for the task of tag recommendation . considering tagging information is usually very sparse , effective learning from content and tag association is very crucial and challenging task . recently , various neural representation learning models such as wsabie and its variants show promising performance , mainly due to compact feature representations learn ←
→ comparing and combining sentiment analysis methods ; several messages express opinions about events , products , and services , political views or even their author ' s emotional state and mood . sentiment analysis has been used in several applications including analysis of the repercussions of events in social networks , analysis of opinions about products and services , and simply to better understand aspects of social communication in online social networks ( osns ). there are multiple methods for measuring sentim ←
→ scalable nuclear - norm minimization by subspace pursuit proximal riemannian gradient ; nuclear - norm regularization plays a vital role in many learning tasks , such as low - rank matrix recovery ( mr ), and low - rank representation ( lrr ). solving this problem directly can be computationally expensive due to the unknown rank of variables or large - rank singular value decompositions ( svds ). to address this , we propose a proximal riemannian gradient ( prg ) scheme which can efficiently solve trace - norm regularized prob ←
→ remotenet : efficient relevant motion event detection for large - scale home surveillance videos ; this paper addresses the problem of detecting relevant motion caused by objects of interest ( e . g ., person and vehicles ) in large scale home surveillance videos . the traditional method usually consists of two separate steps , i . e ., detecting moving objects with background subtraction running on the camera , and filtering out nuisance motion events ( e . g ., trees , cloud , shadow , rain / snow , flag ) with deep learning ba ←
→ fusion of eeg and musical features in continuous music - emotion recognition ; emotion estimation in music listening is confronting challenges to capture the emotion variation of listeners . recent years have witnessed attempts to exploit multimodality fusing information from musical contents and physiological signals captured from listeners to improve the performance of emotion recognition . in this paper , we present a study of fusion of signals of electroencephalogram ( eeg ), a tool to capture brainwaves at ←
→ calcium removal from cardiac ct images using deep convolutional neural network ; coronary calcium causes beam hardening and blooming artifacts on cardiac computed tomography angiography ( cta ) images , which lead to overestimation of lumen stenosis and reduction of diagnostic specificity . to properly remove coronary calcification and restore arterial lumen precisely , we propose a machine learning - based method with a multi - step inpainting process . we developed a new network configuration , dense - unet , to achi ←
→ understanding trajectory behavior : a motion pattern approach ; mining the underlying patterns in gigantic and complex data is of great importance to data analysts . in this paper , we propose a motion pattern approach to mine frequent behaviors in trajectory data . motion patterns , defined by a set of highly similar flow vector groups in a spatial locality , have been shown to be very effective in extracting dominant motion behaviors in video sequences . inspired by applications and properties of motion patterns ←
→ learning recurrent dynamics in spiking networks ; spiking activity of neurons engaged in learning and performing a task show complex spatiotemporal dynamics . while the output of recurrent network models can learn to perform various tasks , the possible range of recurrent dynamics that emerge after learning remains unknown . here we show that modifying the recurrent connectivity with a recursive least squares algorithm provides sufficient flexibility for synaptic and spiking rate dynamics of spiking networks t ←
→ statistical learning for ocr text correction ; the accuracy of optical character recognition ( ocr ) is crucial to the success of subsequent applications used in text analyzing pipeline . recent models of ocr post - processing significantly improve the quality of ocr - generated text , but are still prone to suggest correction candidates from limited observations while insufficiently accounting for the characteristics of ocr errors . in this paper , we show how to enlarge candidate suggestion space by using external ←
→ parsing and generation with tabulation and compilation ; the standard tabulation techniques for logic programming presuppose fixed order of computation . some data - driven control should be introduced in order to deal with diverse contexts . the present paper describes a data - driven method of constraint transformation with a sort of compilation which subsumes accessibility check and last - call optimization , which characterize standard natural - language parsing techniques , semantic - head - driven generation , etc .←
→ physics inspired optimization on semantic transfer features : an alternative method for room layout estimation ; in this paper , we propose an alternative method to estimate room layouts of cluttered indoor scenes . this method enjoys the benefits of two novel techniques . the first one is semantic transfer ( st ), which is : ( 1 ) a formulation to integrate the relationship between scene clutter and room layout into convolutional neural networks ; ( 2 ) an architecture that can be end - to - end trained ; ( 3 ) a practical ←
→ the causal frame problem : an algorithmic perspective ; the frame problem ( fp ) is a puzzle in philosophy of mind and epistemology , articulated by the stanford encyclopedia of philosophy as follows : " how do we account for our apparent ability to make decisions on the basis only of what is relevant to an ongoing situation without having explicitly to consider all that is not relevant ?" in this work , we focus on the causal variant of the fp , the causal frame problem ( cfp ). assuming that a reasoner ' s mental caus ←
→ curriculum learning and minibatch bucketing in neural machine translation ; we examine the effects of particular orderings of sentence pairs on the on - line training of neural machine translation ( nmt ). we focus on two types of such orderings : ( 1 ) ensuring that each minibatch contains sentences similar in some aspect and ( 2 ) gradual inclusion of some sentence types as the training progresses ( so called " curriculum learning "). in our english - to - czech experiments , the internal homogeneity of minibatches has ←
→ comparing rule - based and deep learning models for patient phenotyping ; objective : we investigate whether deep learning techniques for natural language processing ( nlp ) can be used efficiently for patient phenotyping . patient phenotyping is a classification task for determining whether a patient has a medical condition , and is a crucial part of secondary analysis of healthcare data . we assess the performance of deep learning algorithms and compare them with classical nlp approaches . materials and methods :←
→ pretraining deep actor - critic reinforcement learning algorithms with expert demonstrations ; pretraining with expert demonstrations have been found useful in speeding up the training process of deep reinforcement learning algorithms since less online simulation data is required . some people use supervised learning to speed up the process of feature learning , others pretrain the policies by imitating expert demonstrations . however , these methods are unstable and not suitable for actor - critic reinforcement ←
→ sparsity invariant cnns ; in this paper , we consider convolutional neural networks operating on sparse inputs with an application to depth upsampling from sparse laser scan data . first , we show that traditional convolutional networks perform poorly when applied to sparse data even when the location of missing data is provided to the network . to overcome this problem , we propose a simple yet effective sparse convolution layer which explicitly considers the location of missing data during the convolution oper ←
→ preserving differential privacy between features in distributed estimation ; privacy is crucial in many applications of machine learning . legal , ethical and societal issues restrict the sharing of sensitive data making it difficult to learn from datasets that are partitioned between many parties . one important instance of such a distributed setting arises when information about each record in the dataset is held by different data owners ( the design matrix is " vertically - partitioned "). in this setting fe ←
→ on encoding temporal evolution for real - time action prediction ; anticipating future actions is a key component of intelligence , specifically when it applies to real - time systems , such as robots or autonomous cars . while recent works have addressed prediction of raw rgb pixel values , we focus on anticipating the motion evolution in future video frames . to this end , we construct dynamic images ( dis ) by summarising moving pixels through a sequence of future frames . we train a convolutional lstms to predict th ←
→ an evolutionary model with turing machines ; the development of a large non - coding fraction in eukaryotic dna and the phenomenon of the code - bloat in the field of evolutionary computations show a striking similarity . this seems to suggest that ( in the presence of mechanisms of code growth ) the evolution of a complex code can ' t be attained without maintaining a large inactive fraction . to test this hypothesis we performed computer simulations of an evolutionary toy model for turing machines , studying the rel ←
→ invertible orientation scores of 3d images ; the enhancement and detection of elongated structures in noisy image data is relevant for many biomedical applications . to handle complex crossing structures in 2d images , 2d orientation scores were introduced , which already showed their use in a variety of applications . here we extend this work to 3d orientation scores . first , we construct the orientation score from a given dataset , which is achieved by an invertible coherent state type of transform . for this tr ←
→ communications inspired linear discriminant analysis ; we study the problem of supervised linear dimensionality reduction , taking an information - theoretic viewpoint . the linear projection matrix is designed by maximizing the mutual information between the projected signal and the class label ( based on a shannon entropy measure ). by harnessing a recent theoretical result on the gradient of mutual information , the above optimization problem can be solved directly using gradient descent , without requiring simp ←
→ orthogonal machine learning : power and limitations ; double machine learning provides $\ sqrt { n }$- consistent estimates of parameters of interest even when high - dimensional or nonparametric nuisance parameters are estimated at an $ n ^{- 1 / 4 }$ rate . the key is to employ neyman - orthogonal moment equations which are first - order insensitive to perturbations in the nuisance parameters . we show that the $ n ^{- 1 / 4 }$ requirement can be improved to $ n ^{- 1 /( 2k + 2 )}$ by employing a $ k $- th order notion of orthogonality that ←
→ multi - document summarization via discriminative summary reranking ; existing multi - document summarization systems usually rely on a specific summarization model ( i . e ., a summarization method with a specific parameter setting ) to extract summaries for different document sets with different topics . however , according to our quantitative analysis , none of the existing summarization models can always produce high - quality summaries for different document sets , and even a summarization model with good overall per ←
→ variable selection for clustering with gaussian mixture models : state of the art ; the mixture models have become widely used in clustering , given its probabilistic framework in which its based , however , for modern databases that are characterized by their large size , these models behave disappointingly in setting out the model , making essential the selection of relevant variables for this type of clustering . after recalling the basics of clustering based on a model , this article will examine the variable ←
→ fractal descriptors based on fourier spectrum applied to texture analysis ; this work proposes the development and study of a novel technique for the generation of fractal descriptors used in texture analysis . the novel descriptors are obtained from a multiscale transform applied to the fourier technique of fractal dimension calculus . the power spectrum of the fourier transform of the image is plotted against the frequency in a log - log scale and a multiscale transform is applied to this curve . the obtain ←
→ appearance based robot and human activity recognition system ; in this work , we present an appearance based human activity recognition system . it uses background modeling to segment the foreground object and extracts useful discriminative features for representing activities performed by humans and robots . subspace based method like principal component analysis is used to extract low dimensional features from large voluminous activity images . these low dimensional features are then used to classify an activ ←
→ vectorial dimension reduction for tensors based on bayesian inference ; dimensionality reduction for high - order tensors is a challenging problem . in conventional approaches , higher order tensors are ` vectorized ` via tucker decomposition to obtain lower order tensors . this will destroy the inherent high - order structures or resulting in undesired tensors , respectively . this paper introduces a probabilistic vectorial dimensionality reduction model for tensorial data . the model represents a tensor by employing ←
→ noun phrase recognition by system combination ; the performance of machine learning algorithms can be improved by combining the output of different systems . in this paper we apply this idea to the recognition of noun phrases . we generate different classifiers by using different representations of the data . by combining the results with voting techniques described in ( van halteren et . al . 1998 ) we manage to improve the best reported performances on standard data sets for base noun phrases and arbitrary noun ph ←
→ can we teach computers to understand art ? domain adaptation for enhancing deep networks capacity to de - abstract art ; humans comprehend a natural scene at a single glance ; painters and other visual artists , through their abstract representations , stressed this capacity to the limit . the performance of computer vision solutions matched that of humans in many problems of visual recognition . in this paper we address the problem of recognizing the genre ( subject ) in digitized paintings using convolutional neu ←
→ pac - bayes analysis of multi - view learning ; this paper presents eight pac - bayes bounds to analyze the generalization performance of multi - view classifiers . these bounds adopt data dependent gaussian priors which emphasize classifiers with high view agreements . the center of the prior for the first two bounds is the origin , while the center of the prior for the third and fourth bounds is given by a data dependent vector . an important technique to obtain these bounds is two derived logarithmic determinant ine ←
→ asynchronous cellular operations on gray images extracting topographic shape features and their relations ; a variety of operations of cellular automata on gray images is presented . all operations are of a wave - front nature finishing in a stable state . they are used to extract shape descripting gray objects robust to a variety of pattern distortions . topographic terms are used : " lakes ", " dales ", " dales of dales ". it is shown how mutual object relations like " above " can be presented in terms of gray image ←
→ swift linked data miner : mining owl 2 el class expressions directly from online rdf datasets ; in this study , we present swift linked data miner , an interruptible algorithm that can directly mine an online linked data source ( e . g ., a sparql endpoint ) for owl 2 el class expressions to extend an ontology with new subclassof : axioms . the algorithm works by downloading only a small part of the linked data source at a time , building a smart index in the memory and swiftly iterating over the index to mine axiom ←
→ visual explanations from hadamard product in multimodal deep networks ; the visual explanation of learned representation of models helps to understand the fundamentals of learning . the attentional models of previous works used to visualize the attended regions over an image or text using their learned weights to confirm their intended mechanism . kim et al . ( 2016 ) show that the hadamard product in multimodal deep networks , which is well - known for the joint function of visual question answering tasks , implici ←
→ fluorescence microscopy image segmentation using convolutional neural network with generative adversarial networks ; recent advance in fluorescence microscopy enables acquisition of 3d image volumes with better quality and deeper penetration into tissue . segmentation is a required step to characterize and analyze biological structures in the images . 3d segmentation using deep learning has achieved promising results in microscopy images . one issue is that deep learning techniques require a large set of gro ←
→ discrimnet : semi - supervised action recognition from videos using generative adversarial networks ; we propose an action recognition framework using gen - erative adversarial networks . our model involves train - ing a deep convolutional generative adversarial network ( dcgan ) using a large video activity dataset without la - bel information . then we use the trained discriminator from the gan model as an unsupervised pre - training step and fine - tune the trained discriminator model on a labeled dataset to recogni ←
→ wasserstein distance guided representation learning for domain adaptation ; domain adaptation aims at generalizing a high - performance learner on a target domain via utilizing the knowledge distilled from a source domain which has a different but related data distribution . one solution to domain adaptation is to learn domain invariant feature representations while the learned representations should also be discriminative in prediction . to learn such representations , domain adaptation frameworks usually inc ←
→ autonomization of monoidal categories ; we define the free autonomous category generated by a monoidal category and study some of its properties . from a linguistic perspective , this expands the range of possible models of meaning within the distributional compositional framework , by allowing nonlinearities in maps . from a categorical point of view , this provides a factorization of the construction in [ preller and lambek , 2007 ] of the free autonomous category generated by a category .←
→ biologically inspired spiking neurons : piecewise linear models and digital implementation ; there has been a strong push recently to examine biological scale simulations of neuromorphic algorithms to achieve stronger inference capabilities . this paper presents a set of piecewise linear spiking neuron models , which can reproduce different behaviors , similar to the biological neuron , both for a single neuron as well as a network of neurons . the proposed models are investigated , in terms of digital implemen ←
→ from pixels to sentiment : fine - tuning cnns for visual sentiment prediction ; visual multimedia have become an inseparable part of our digital social lives , and they often capture moments tied with deep affections . automated visual sentiment analysis tools can provide a means of extracting the rich feelings and latent dispositions embedded in these media . in this work , we explore how convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), a now de facto computational machine learning tool particularly in the area of compute ←
→ sms spam filtering using probabilistic topic modelling and stacked denoising autoencoder ; in this paper we present a novel approach to spam filtering and demonstrate its applicability with respect to sms messages . our approach requires minimum features engineering and a small set of la - belled data samples . features are extracted using topic modelling based on latent dirichlet allocation , and then a comprehensive data model is created using a stacked denoising autoencoder ( sda ). topic modelling summarise ←
→ manifold regularized kernel logistic regression for web image annotation ; with the rapid advance of internet technology and smart devices , users often need to manage large amounts of multimedia information using smart devices , such as personal image and video accessing and browsing . these requirements heavily rely on the success of image ( video ) annotation , and thus large scale image annotation through innovative machine learning methods has attracted intensive attention in recent years . one representative ←
→ learning to coordinate efficiently : a model - based approach ; in common - interest stochastic games all players receive an identical payoff . players participating in such games must learn to coordinate with each other in order to receive the highest - possible value . a number of reinforcement learning algorithms have been proposed for this problem , and some have been shown to converge to good solutions in the limit . in this paper we show that using very simple model - based algorithms , much better ( i . e ., polynomia ←
→ scalable multi - domain dialogue state tracking ; dialogue state tracking ( dst ) is a key component of task - oriented dialogue systems . dst estimates the user ' s goal at each user turn given the interaction until then . state of the art approaches for state tracking rely on deep learning methods , and represent dialogue state as a distribution over all possible slot values for each slot present in the ontology . such a representation is not scalable when the set of possible values are unbounded ( e . g ., date , time or ←
→ real - time esports match result prediction ; in this paper , we try to predict the winning team of a match in the multiplayer esports game dota 2 . to address the weaknesses of previous work , we consider more aspects of prior ( pre - match ) features from individual players ' match history , as well as real - time ( during - match ) features at each minute as the match progresses . we use logistic regression , the proposed attribute sequence model , and their combinations as the prediction models . in a dataset of 78362 match ←
→ a logic - based approach for recognizing textual entailment supported by ontological background knowledge ; we present the architecture and the evaluation of a new system for recognizing textual entailment ( rte ). in rte we want to identify automatically the type of a logical relation between two input texts . in particular , we are interested in proving the existence of an entailment between them . we conceive our system as a modular environment allowing for a high - coverage syntactic and semantic text analysis ←
→ perspective : energy landscapes for machine learning ; machine learning techniques are being increasingly used as flexible non - linear fitting and prediction tools in the physical sciences . fitting functions that exhibit multiple solutions as local minima can be analysed in terms of the corresponding machine learning landscape . methods to explore and visualise molecular potential energy landscapes can be applied to these machine learning landscapes to gain new insight into the solution space involved in train ←
→ snap machine learning ; we describe an efficient , scalable machine learning library that enables very fast training of generalized linear models . we demonstrate that our library can remove the training time as a bottleneck for machine learning workloads , opening the door to a range of new applications . for instance , it allows more agile development , faster and more fine - grained exploration of the hyper - parameter space , enables scaling to massive datasets and makes frequent re - training of models possible in ←
→ neural network ensembles : evaluation of aggregation algorithms ; ensembles of artificial neural networks show improved generalization capabilities that outperform those of single networks . however , for aggregation to be effective , the individual networks must be as accurate and diverse as possible . an important problem is , then , how to tune the aggregate members in order to have an optimal compromise between these two conflicting conditions . we present here an extensive evaluation of several algorithms for ←
→ hinge - loss markov random fields : convex inference for structured prediction ; graphical models for structured domains are powerful tools , but the computational complexities of combinatorial prediction spaces can force restrictions on models , or require approximate inference in order to be tractable . instead of working in a combinatorial space , we use hinge - loss markov random fields ( hl - mrfs ), an expressive class of graphical models with log - concave density functions over continuous variables , which can re ←
→ geometry of policy improvement ; we investigate the geometry of optimal memoryless time independent decision making in relation to the amount of information that the acting agent has about the state of the system . we show that the expected long term reward , discounted or per time step , is maximized by policies that randomize among at most $ k $ actions whenever at most $ k $ world states are consistent with the agent ' s observation . moreover , we show that the expected reward per time step can be studied in terms ←
→ a neural stochastic volatility model ; in this paper , we show that the recent integration of statistical models with deep recurrent neural networks provides a new way of formulating volatility ( the degree of variation of time series ) models that have been widely used in time series analysis and prediction in finance . the model comprises a pair of complementary stochastic recurrent neural networks : the generative network models the joint distribution of the stochastic volatility process ; the inference networ ←
→ improved linear embeddings via lagrange duality ; near isometric orthogonal embeddings to lower dimensions are a fundamental tool in data science and machine learning . in this paper , we present the construction of such embeddings that minimizes the maximum distortion for a given set of points . we formulate the problem as a non convex constrained optimization problem . we first construct a primal relaxation and then use the theory of lagrange duality to create dual relaxation . we also suggest a polynomial tim ←
→ denser : deep evolutionary network structured representation ; deep evolutionary network structured representation ( denser ) is a novel approach to automatically design artificial neural networks ( anns ) using evolutionary computation ( ec ). the algorithm not only searches for the best network topology ( e . g ., number of layers , type of layers ), but also tunes hyper - parameters , such as , learning parameters or data augmentation parameters . the automatic design is achieved using a representation with two distinct l ←
→ arbitext : arbitrary - oriented text detection in unconstrained scene ; arbitrary - oriented text detection in the wild is a very challenging task , due to the aspect ratio , scale , orientation , and illumination variations . in this paper , we propose a novel method , namely arbitrary - oriented text ( or arbtext for short ) detector , for efficient text detection in unconstrained natural scene images . specifically , we first adopt the circle anchors rather than the rectangular ones to represent bounding boxes , which is mo ←
→ building and refining abstract planning cases by change of representation language ; ion is one of the most promising approaches to improve the performance of problem solvers . in several domains abstraction by dropping sentences of a domain description -- as used in most hierarchical planners -- has proven useful . in this paper we present examples which illustrate significant drawbacks of abstraction by dropping sentences . to overcome these drawbacks , we propose a more general view of abstraction involvin ←
→ dense - captioning events in videos ; most natural videos contain numerous events . for example , in a video of a " man playing a piano ", the video might also contain " another man dancing " or " a crowd clapping ". we introduce the task of dense - captioning events , which involves both detecting and describing events in a video . we propose a new model that is able to identify all events in a single pass of the video while simultaneously describing the detected events with natural language . our model introduces a vari ←
→ estimating or propagating gradients through stochastic neurons ; stochastic neurons can be useful for a number of reasons in deep learning models , but in many cases they pose a challenging problem : how to estimate the gradient of a loss function with respect to the input of such stochastic neurons , i . e ., can we " back - propagate " through these stochastic neurons ? we examine this question , existing approaches , and present two novel families of solutions , applicable in different settings . in particular , it is d ←
→ blind normalization of speech from different channels ; we show how to construct a channel - independent representation of speech that has propagated through a noisy reverberant channel . this is done by blindly rescaling the cepstral time series by a non - linear function , with the form of this scale function being determined by previously encountered cepstra from that channel . the rescaled form of the time series is an invariant property of it in the following sense : it is unaffected if the time series is tran ←
→ on the trade - off between complexity and correlation decay in structural learning algorithms ; we consider the problem of learning the structure of ising models ( pairwise binary markov random fields ) from i . i . d . samples . while several methods have been proposed to accomplish this task , their relative merits and limitations remain somewhat obscure . by analyzing a number of concrete examples , we show that low - complexity algorithms often fail when the markov random field develops long - range correlations . more ←
→ a survey of structure from motion ; the structure from motion ( sfm ) problem in computer vision is the problem of recovering the three - dimensional ($ 3 $ d ) structure of a stationary scene from a set of projective measurements , represented as a collection of two - dimensional ($ 2 $ d ) images , via estimation of motion of the cameras corresponding to these images . in essence , sfm involves the three main stages of ( 1 ) extraction of features in images ( e . g ., points of interest , lines , etc .) and matching these features ←
→ word level font - to - font image translation using convolutional recurrent generative adversarial networks ; conversion of one font to another font is very useful in real life applications . in this paper , we propose a convolutional recurrent generative model to solve the word level font transfer problem . our network is able to convert the font style of any printed text images from its current font to the required font . the network is trained end - to - end for the complete word images . thus it eliminates the nec ←
→ efficient representation for natural language processing via kernelized hashcodes ; kernel methods have been used widely in a number of tasks , but have had limited success in natural language processing ( nlp ) due to high cost of computing kernel similarities between discrete natural language structures . a recently proposed technique , kernelized locality sensitive hashing ( klsh ), can significantly reduce the computational cost , but is only applicable to classifiers operating on knn graphs . here we propose ←
→ improving fully convolution network for semantic segmentation ; fully convolution networks ( fcn ) have achieved great success in dense prediction tasks including semantic segmentation . in this paper , we start from discussing fcn by understanding its architecture limitations in building a strong segmentation network . next , we present our improved fully convolution network ( ifcn ). in contrast to fcn , ifcn introduces a context network that progressively expands the receptive fields of feature maps . in addition ,←
→ face recognition machine vision system using eigenfaces ; face recognition is a common problem in machine learning . this technology has already been widely used in our lives . for example , facebook can automatically tag people ' s faces in images , and also some mobile devices use face recognition to protect private security . face images comes with different background , variant illumination , different facial expression and occlusion . there are a large number of approaches for the face recognition . different app ←
→ model selection with nonlinear embedding for unsupervised domain adaptation ; domain adaptation deals with adapting classifiers trained on data from a source distribution , to work effectively on data from a target distribution . in this paper , we introduce the nonlinear embedding transform ( net ) for unsupervised domain adaptation . the net reduces cross - domain disparity through nonlinear domain alignment . it also embeds the domain - aligned data such that similar data points are clustered together . this resul ←
→ quantifying facial age by posterior of age comparisons ; we introduce a novel approach for annotating large quantity of in - the - wild facial images with high - quality posterior age distribution as labels . each posterior provides a probability distribution of estimated ages for a face . our approach is motivated by observations that it is easier to distinguish who is the older of two people than to determine the person ' s actual age . given a reference database with samples of known ages and a dataset to label , we ←
→ flu detector : estimating influenza - like illness rates from online user - generated content ; we provide a brief technical description of an online platform for disease monitoring , titled as the flu detector ( fludetector . cs . ucl . ac . uk ). flu detector , in its current version ( v . 0 . 5 ), uses either twitter or google search data in conjunction with statistical natural language processing models to estimate the rate of influenza - like illness in the population of england . its back - end is a live service that collects ←
→ rough set model for discovering hybrid association rules ; in this paper , the mining of hybrid association rules with rough set approach is investigated as the algorithm rshar . the rshar algorithm is constituted of two steps mainly . at first , to join the participant tables into a general table to generate the rules which is expressing the relationship between two or more domains that belong to several different tables in a database . then we apply the mapping code on selected dimension , which can be added dir ←
→ antifragility for intelligent autonomous systems ; antifragile systems grow measurably better in the presence of hazards . this is in contrast to fragile systems which break down in the presence of hazards , robust systems that tolerate hazards up to a certain degree , and resilient systems that -- like self - healing systems -- revert to their earlier expected behavior after a period of convalescence . the notion of antifragility was introduced by taleb for economics systems , but its applicability has been illus ←
→ high - dimensional robust regression and outliers detection with slope ; the problems of outliers detection and robust regression in a high - dimensional setting are fundamental in statistics , and have numerous applications . following a recent set of works providing methods for simultaneous robust regression and outliers detection , we consider in this paper a model of linear regression with individual intercepts , in a high - dimensional setting . we introduce a new procedure for simultaneous estimation of the line ←
→ person re - identification via efficient inference in fully connected crf ; in this paper , we address the problem of person re - identification problem , i . e ., retrieving instances from gallery which are generated by the same person as the given probe image . this is very challenging because the person ' s appearance usually undergoes significant variations due to changes in illumination , camera angle and view , background clutter , and occlusion over the camera network . in this paper , we assume that the matched gall ←
→ learning lexico - functional patterns for first - person affect ; informal first - person narratives are a unique resource for computational models of everyday events and people ' s affective reactions to them . people blogging about their day tend not to explicitly say i am happy . instead they describe situations from which other humans can readily infer their affective reactions . however current sentiment dictionaries are missing much of the information needed to make similar inferences . we build on recent work th ←
→ greedy multiple instance learning via codebook learning and nearest neighbor voting ; multiple instance learning ( mil ) has attracted great attention recently in machine learning community . however , most mil algorithms are very slow and cannot be applied to large datasets . in this paper , we propose a greedy strategy to speed up the multiple instance learning process . our contribution is two fold . first , we propose a density ratio model , and show that maximizing a density ratio function is the low bound of ←
→ mastering chess and shogi by self - play with a general reinforcement learning algorithm ; the game of chess is the most widely - studied domain in the history of artificial intelligence . the strongest programs are based on a combination of sophisticated search techniques , domain - specific adaptations , and handcrafted evaluation functions that have been refined by human experts over several decades . in contrast , the alphago zero program recently achieved superhuman performance in the game of go , by tabula rasa ←
→ cost - sensitive convolution based neural networks for imbalanced time - series classification ; some deep convolutional neural networks were proposed for time - series classification and class imbalanced problems . however , those models performed degraded and even failed to recognize the minority class of an imbalanced temporal sequences dataset . minority samples would bring troubles for temporal deep learning classifiers due to the equal treatments of majority and minority class . until recently , there were few ←
→ discovery of visual semantics by unsupervised and self - supervised representation learning ; the success of deep learning in computer vision is rooted in the ability of deep networks to scale up model complexity as demanded by challenging visual tasks . as complexity is increased , so is the need for large amounts of labeled data to train the model . this is associated with a costly human annotation effort . to address this concern , with the long - term goal of leveraging the abundance of cheap unlabeled data , w ←
→ voice conversion using sequence - to - sequence learning of context posterior probabilities ; voice conversion ( vc ) using sequence - to - sequence learning of context posterior probabilities is proposed . conventional vc using shared context posterior probabilities predicts target speech parameters from the context posterior probabilities estimated from the source speech parameters . although conventional vc can be built from non - parallel data , it is difficult to convert speaker individuality such as phonetic prope ←
→ orientation covariant aggregation of local descriptors with embeddings ; image search systems based on local descriptors typically achieve orientation invariance by aligning the patches on their dominant orientations . albeit successful , this choice introduces too much invariance because it does not guarantee that the patches are rotated consistently . this paper introduces an aggregation strategy of local descriptors that achieves this covariance property by jointly encoding the angle in the aggregation stag ←
→ towards imperceptible and robust adversarial example attacks against neural networks ; machine learning systems based on deep neural networks , being able to produce state - of - the - art results on various perception tasks , have gained mainstream adoption in many applications . however , they are shown to be vulnerable to adversarial example attack , which generates malicious output by adding slight perturbations to the input . previous adversarial example crafting methods , however , use simple metrics to evaluate ←
→ a machine learning model for stock market prediction ; stock market prediction is the act of trying to determine the future value of a company stock or other financial instrument traded on a financial exchange .←
→ additive pattern database heuristics ; we explore a method for computing admissible heuristic evaluation functions for search problems . it utilizes pattern databases , which are precomputed tables of the exact cost of solving various subproblems of an existing problem . unlike standard pattern database heuristics , however , we partition our problems into disjoint subproblems , so that the costs of solving the different subproblems can be added together without overestimating the cost of solving the original pro ←
→ feature control as intrinsic motivation for hierarchical reinforcement learning ; the problem of sparse rewards is one of the hardest challenges in contemporary reinforcement learning . hierarchical reinforcement learning ( hrl ) tackles this problem by using a set of temporally - extended actions , or options , each of which has its own subgoal . these subgoals are normally handcrafted for specific tasks . here , though , we introduce a generic class of subgoals with broad applicability in the visual domain . underl ←
→ deep image mining for diabetic retinopathy screening ; deep learning is quickly becoming the leading methodology for medical image analysis . given a large medical archive , where each image is associated with a diagnosis , efficient pathology detectors or classifiers can be trained with virtually no expert knowledge about the target pathologies . however , deep learning algorithms , including the popular convnets , are black boxes : little is known about the local patterns analyzed by convnets to make a decision a ←
→ recurrent filter learning for visual tracking ; recently using convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) has gained popularity in visual tracking , due to its robust feature representation of images . recent methods perform online tracking by fine - tuning a pre - trained cnn model to the specific target object using stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) back - propagation , which is usually time - consuming . in this paper , we propose a recurrent filter generation methods for visual tracking . we directly feed the target ' s imag ←
→ a hybrid data association framework for robust online multi - object tracking ; global optimization algorithms have shown impressive performance in data - association based multi - object tracking , but handling online data remains a difficult hurdle to overcome . in this paper , we present a hybrid data association framework with a min - cost multi - commodity network flow for robust online multi - object tracking . we build local target - specific models interleaved with global optimization of the optimal data associatio ←
→ learning to recognize musical genre from audio ; we here summarize our experience running a challenge with open data for musical genre recognition . those notes motivate the task and the challenge design , show some statistics about the submissions , and present the results .←
→ learning to predict : a fast re - constructive method to generate multimodal embeddings ; integrating visual and linguistic information into a single multimodal representation is an unsolved problem with wide - reaching applications to both natural language processing and computer vision . in this paper , we present a simple method to build multimodal representations by learning a language - to - vision mapping and using its output to build multimodal embeddings . in this sense , our method provides a cognitively plau ←
→ ensembles of models and metrics for robust ranking of homologous proteins ; an ensemble of models ( em ), where each model is constructed on a diverse subset of feature variables , is proposed to rank rare class items ahead of majority class items in a highly unbalanced two class problem . the proposed ensemble relies on an algorithm to group the feature variables into subsets where the variables in a subset work better together in a model and the variables in different subsets work better in separate models .←
→ automated reasoning using possibilistic logic : semantics , belief revision and variable certainty weights ; in this paper an approach to automated deduction under uncertainty , based on possibilistic logic , is proposed ; for that purpose we deal with clauses weighted by a degree which is a lower bound of a necessity or a possibility measure , according to the nature of the uncertainty . two resolution rules are used for coping with the different situations , and the refutation method can be generalized . besides ←
→ illuminant estimation using ensembles of multivariate regression trees ; white balancing is a fundamental step in the image processing pipeline . the process involves estimating the chromaticity of the illuminant or light source and using the estimate to correct the image to remove any color cast . given the importance of the problem , there has been much previous work on illuminant estimation . recently , an approach based on ensembles of univariate regression trees that are fit using the squared - error loss fun ←
→ application of hopfield network to saccades ; human eye movement mechanisms ( saccades ) are very useful for scene analysis , including object representation and pattern recognition . in this letter , a hopfield neural network to emulate saccades is proposed . the network uses an energy function that includes location and identification tasks . computer simulation shows that the network performs those tasks cooperatively . the result suggests that the network is applicable to shift - invariant pattern recognition .←
→ the inductive theory of natural selection : summary and synthesis ; the theory of natural selection has two forms . deductive theory describes how populations change over time . one starts with an initial population and some rules for change . from those assumptions , one calculates the future state of the population . deductive theory predicts how populations adapt to environmental challenge . inductive theory describes the causes of change in populations . one starts with a given amount of change . one then assign ←
→ boosted cascaded convnets for multilabel classification of thoracic diseases in chest radiographs ; chest x - ray is one of the most accessible medical imaging technique for diagnosis of multiple diseases . with the availability of chestx - ray14 , which is a massive dataset of chest x - ray images and provides annotations for 14 thoracic diseases ; it is possible to train deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnn ) to build computer aided diagnosis ( cad ) systems . in this work , we experiment a set of deep learning m ←
→ deep belief nets for topic modeling ; applying traditional collaborative filtering to digital publishing is challenging because user data is very sparse due to the high volume of documents relative to the number of users . content based approaches , on the other hand , is attractive because textual content is often very informative . in this paper we describe large - scale content based collaborative filtering for digital publishing . to solve the digital publishing recommender problem we compare two approaches : l ←
→ a conflict - based path - generation heuristic for evacuation planning ; evacuation planning and scheduling is a critical aspect of disaster management and national security applications . this paper proposes a conflict - based path - generation approach for evacuation planning . its key idea is to generate evacuation routes lazily for evacuated areas and to optimize the evacuation over these routes in a master problem . each new path is generated to remedy conflicts in the evacuation and adds new columns and a new ro ←
→ cognitive dynamic systems : a technical review of cognitive radar ; we start with the history of cognitive radar , where origins of the pac , fuster research on cognition and principals of cognition are provided . fuster describes five cognitive functions : perception , memory , attention , language , and intelligence . we describe the perception - action cyclec as it applies to cognitive radar , and then discuss long - term memory , memory storage , memory retrieval and working memory . a comparison between memory in human ←
→ dual decomposition from the perspective of relax , compensate and then recover ; relax , compensate and then recover ( rcr ) is a paradigm for approximate inference in probabilistic graphical models that has previously provided theoretical and practical insights on iterative belief propagation and some of its generalizations . in this paper , we characterize the technique of dual decomposition in the terms of rcr , viewing it as a specific way to compensate for relaxed equivalence constraints . among other insigh ←
→ core sampling framework for pixel classification ; the intermediate map responses of a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) contain information about an image that can be used to extract contextual knowledge about it . in this paper , we present a core sampling framework that is able to use these activation maps from several layers as features to another neural network using transfer learning to provide an understanding of an input image . our framework creates a representation that combines features from the te ←
→ principal component analysis with contaminated data : the high dimensional case ; we consider the dimensionality - reduction problem ( finding a subspace approximation of observed data ) for contaminated data in the high dimensional regime , where the number of observations is of the same magnitude as the number of variables of each observation , and the data set contains some ( arbitrarily ) corrupted observations . we propose a high - dimensional robust principal component analysis ( hr - pca ) algorithm that is tracta ←
→ improving the accuracy of pre - trained word embeddings for sentiment analysis ; sentiment analysis is one of the well - known tasks and fast growing research areas in natural language processing ( nlp ) and text classifications . this technique has become an essential part of a wide range of applications including politics , business , advertising and marketing . there are various techniques for sentiment analysis , but recently word embeddings methods have been widely used in sentiment classification tasks . word2v ←
→ knowledge distillation using unlabeled mismatched images ; current approaches for knowledge distillation ( kd ) either directly use training data or sample from the training data distribution . in this paper , we demonstrate effectiveness of ' mismatched ' unlabeled stimulus to perform kd for image classification networks . for illustration , we consider scenarios where this is a complete absence of training data , or mismatched stimulus has to be used for augmenting a small amount of training data . we demonstrate t ←
→ a scalable convolutional neural network for task - specified scenarios via knowledge distillation ; in this paper , we explore the redundancy in convolutional neural network , which scales with the complexity of vision tasks . considering that many front - end visual systems are interested in only a limited range of visual targets , the removing of task - specified network redundancy can promote a wide range of potential applications . we propose a task - specified knowledge distillation algorithm to derive a simplifi ←
→ classification via incoherent subspaces ; this article presents a new classification framework that can extract individual features per class . the scheme is based on a model of incoherent subspaces , each one associated to one class , and a model on how the elements in a class are represented in this subspace . after the theoretical analysis an alternate projection algorithm to find such a collection is developed . the classification performance and speed of the proposed method is tested on the ar and yaleb dat ←
→ semi - automatic vectorization of linear networks on rasterized cartographic maps ; a system for semi - automatic vectorization of linear networks ( roads , rivers , etc .) on rasterized cartographic maps is presented . in this system , human intervention is limited to a graphic , interactive selection of the color attributes of the information to be obtained . using this data , the system performs a preliminary extraction of the linear network , which is subsequently completed , refined and vectorized by means of an au ←
→ did you hear that ? adversarial examples against automatic speech recognition ; speech is a common and effective way of communication between humans , and modern consumer devices such as smartphones and home hubs are equipped with deep learning based accurate automatic speech recognition to enable natural interaction between humans and machines . recently , researchers have demonstrated powerful attacks against machine learning models that can fool them to produceincorrect results . however , nearly all previou ←
→ bayesian hierarchical mixtures of experts ; the hierarchical mixture of experts ( hme ) is a well - known tree - based model for regression and classification , based on soft probabilistic splits . in its original formulation it was trained by maximum likelihood , and is therefore prone to over - fitting . furthermore the maximum likelihood framework offers no natural metric for optimizing the complexity and structure of the tree . previous attempts to provide a bayesian treatment of the hme model have relied either on ←
→ a new approach for revising logic programs ; belief revision has been studied mainly with respect to background logics that are monotonic in character . in this paper we study belief revision when the underlying logic is non - monotonic instead -- an inherently interesting problem that is under explored . in particular , we will focus on the revision of a body of beliefs that is represented as a logic program under the answer set semantics , while the new information is also similarly represented as a logic program ←
→ crowdsourcing argumentation structures in chinese hotel reviews ; argumentation mining aims at automatically extracting the premises - claim discourse structures in natural language texts . there is a great demand for argumentation corpora for customer reviews . however , due to the controversial nature of the argumentation annotation task , there exist very few large - scale argumentation corpora for customer reviews . in this work , we novelly use the crowdsourcing technique to collect argumentation annotations in ←
→ comparison of echo state network output layer classification methods on noisy data ; echo state networks are a recently developed type of recurrent neural network where the internal layer is fixed with random weights , and only the output layer is trained on specific data . echo state networks are increasingly being used to process spatiotemporal data in real - world settings , including speech recognition , event detection , and robot control . a strength of echo state networks is the simple method used to train ←
→ inferring disease and gene set associations with rank coherence in networks ; a computational challenge to validate the candidate disease genes identified in a high - throughput genomic study is to elucidate the associations between the set of candidate genes and disease phenotypes . the conventional gene set enrichment analysis often fails to reveal associations between disease phenotypes and the gene sets with a short list of poorly annotated genes , because the existing annotations of disease causative gen ←
→ simulation of an optional strategy in the prisoner ' s dilemma in spatial and non - spatial environments ; this paper presents research comparing the effects of different environments on the outcome of an extended prisoner ' s dilemma , in which agents have the option to abstain from playing the game . we consider three different pure strategies : cooperation , defection and abstinence . we adopt an evolutionary game theoretic approach and consider two different environments : the first which imposes no spatial const ←
→ image registration with sparse approximations in parametric dictionaries ; we examine in this paper the problem of image registration from the new perspective where images are given by sparse approximations in parametric dictionaries of geometric functions . we propose a registration algorithm that looks for an estimate of the global transformation between sparse images by examining the set of relative geometrical transformations between the respective features . we propose a theoretical analysis of our regis ←
→ nonlinear dimensionality reduction on graphs ; in this era of data deluge , many signal processing and machine learning tasks are faced with high - dimensional datasets , including images , videos , as well as time series generated from social , commercial and brain network interactions . their efficient processing calls for dimensionality reduction techniques capable of properly compressing the data while preserving task - related characteristics , going beyond pairwise data correlations . the present paper puts forth ←
→ dense distributions from sparse samples : improved gibbs sampling parameter estimators for lda ; we introduce a novel approach for estimating latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) parameters from collapsed gibbs samples ( cgs ), by leveraging the full conditional distributions over the latent variable assignments to efficiently average over multiple samples , for little more computational cost than drawing a single additional collapsed gibbs sample . our approach can be understood as adapting the soft clustering m ←
→ acquiring target stacking skills by goal - parameterized deep reinforcement learning ; understanding physical phenomena is a key component of human intelligence and enables physical interaction with previously unseen environments . in this paper , we study how an artificial agent can autonomously acquire this intuition through interaction with the environment . we created a synthetic block stacking environment with physics simulation in which the agent can learn a policy end - to - end through trial and error . the ←
→ a deep learning approach for expert identification in question answering communities ; in this paper , we describe an effective convolutional neural network framework for identifying the expert in question answering community . this approach uses the convolutional neural network and combines user feature representations with question feature representations to compute scores that the user who gets the highest score is the expert on this question . unlike prior work , this method does not measure expert based ←
→ machine learning for realisticball detection in robocup spl ; in this technical report , we describe the use of a machine learning approach for detecting the realistic black and white ball currently in use in the robocup standard platform league . our aim is to provide a ready - to - use software module that can be useful for the robocup spl community . to this end , the approach is integrated within the official b - human code release 2016 . the complete code for the approach presented in this work can be downloaded ←
→ an analytical study on behavior of clusters using k means , em and k * means algorithm ; clustering is an unsupervised learning method that constitutes a cornerstone of an intelligent data analysis process . it is used for the exploration of inter - relationships among a collection of patterns , by organizing them into homogeneous clusters . clustering has been dynamically applied to a variety of tasks in the field of information retrieval ( ir ). clustering has become one of the most active area of research and t ←
→ multi - output polynomial networks and factorization machines ; factorization machines and polynomial networks are supervised polynomial models based on an efficient low - rank decomposition . we extend these models to the multi - output setting , i . e ., for learning vector - valued functions , with application to multi - class or multi - task problems . we cast this as the problem of learning a 3 - way tensor whose slices share a common basis and propose a convex formulation of that problem . we then develop an efficient cond ←
→ the relative performance of ensemble methods with deep convolutional neural networks for image classification ; artificial neural networks have been successfully applied to a variety of machine learning tasks , including image recognition , semantic segmentation , and machine translation . however , few studies fully investigated ensembles of artificial neural networks . in this work , we investigated multiple widely used ensemble methods , including unweighted averaging , majority voting , the bayes optimal classi ←
→ evidential reasoning in parallel hierarchical vision programs ; this paper presents an efficient adaptation and application of the dempster - shafer theory of evidence , one that can be used effectively in a massively parallel hierarchical system for visual pattern perception . it describes the techniques used , and shows in an extended example how they serve to improve the system ' s performance as it applies a multiple - level set of processes .←
→ edhibou : a customizable interface for decision support in a semantic portal ; the semantic web is becoming more and more a reality , as the required technologies have reached an appropriate level of maturity . however , at this stage , it is important to provide tools facilitating the use and deployment of these technologies by end - users . in this paper , we describe edhibou , an automatically generated , ontology - based graphical user interface that integrates in a semantic portal . the particularity of edhibou is ←
→ k - bit - swap : a new operator for real - coded evolutionary algorithms ; there has been a variety of crossover operators proposed for real - coded genetic algorithms ( rcgas ), which recombine values from the same location in pairs of strings . in this article we present a recombination operator for rc - gas that selects the locations randomly in both parents , and compare it to mainstream crossover operators in a set of experiments on a range of standard multidimensional optimization problems and a clustering problem .←
→ vector - space analysis of belief - state approximation for pomdps ; we propose a new approach to value - directed belief state approximation for pomdps . the value - directed model allows one to choose approximation methods for belief state monitoring that have a small impact on decision quality . using a vector space analysis of the problem , we devise two new search procedures for selecting an approximation scheme that have much better computational properties than existing methods . though these provide looser erro ←
→ enhancing network embedding with auxiliary information : an explicit matrix factorization perspective ; recent advances in the field of network embedding have shown the low - dimensional network representation is playing a critical role in network analysis . however , most of the existing principles of network embedding do not incorporate auxiliary information such as content and labels of nodes flexibly . in this paper , we take a matrix factorization perspective of network embedding , and incorporate structure ,←
→ latent hierarchical model for activity recognition ; we present a novel hierarchical model for human activity recognition . in contrast to approaches that successively recognize actions and activities , our approach jointly models actions and activities in a unified framework , and their labels are simultaneously predicted . the model is embedded with a latent layer that is able to capture a richer class of contextual information in both state - state and observation - state pairs . although loops are present in the ←
→ fingerprint based bio - starter and bio - access ; in the paper will be presented a safety and security system based on fingerprint technology . the results suggest a new scenario where the new cars can use a fingerprint sensor integrated in car handle to allow access and in the dashboard as starter button .←
→ segmentation of subspaces in sequential data ; we propose ordered subspace clustering ( osc ) to segment data drawn from a sequentially ordered union of subspaces . similar to sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ) we formulate the problem as one of finding a sparse representation but include an additional penalty term to take care of sequential data . we test our method on data drawn from infrared hyper spectral , video and motion capture data . experiments show that our method , osc , outperforms the state of the art m ←
→ influence of the event rate on discrimination abilities of bankruptcy prediction models ; in bankruptcy prediction , the proportion of events is very low , which is often oversampled to eliminate this bias . in this paper , we study the influence of the event rate on discrimination abilities of bankruptcy prediction models . first the statistical association and significance of public records and firmographics indicators with the bankruptcy were explored . then the event rate was oversampled from 0 . 12 % to 10 %, ←
→ towards application of the rbnk model ; the computational modeling of genetic regulatory networks is now common place , either by fitting a system to experimental data or by exploring the behaviour of abstract systems with the aim of identifying underlying principles . this paper presents an approach to the latter , considering the response to environmental changes of a well - known model placed upon tunable fitness landscapes . the effects on genome size and gene connectivity are explored .←
→ 25 tweets to know you : a new model to predict personality with social media ; predicting personality is essential for social applications supporting human - centered activities , yet prior modeling methods with users written text require too much input data to be realistically used in the context of social media . in this work , we aim to drastically reduce the data requirement for personality modeling and develop a model that is applicable to most users on twitter . our model integrates word embedding features ←
→ large - scale plant classification with deep neural networks ; this paper discusses the potential of applying deep learning techniques for plant classification and its usage for citizen science in large - scale biodiversity monitoring . we show that plant classification using near state - of - the - art convolutional network architectures like resnet50 achieves significant improvements in accuracy compared to the most widespread plant classification application in test sets composed of thousands of different species l ←
→ quantifying the impact of parameter tuning on nature - inspired algorithms ; the problem of parameterization is often central to the effective deployment of nature - inspired algorithms . however , finding the optimal set of parameter values for a combination of problem instance and solution method is highly challenging , and few concrete guidelines exist on how and when such tuning may be performed . previous work tends to either focus on a specific algorithm or use benchmark problems , and both of these restrictio ←
→ enhancement of images using morphological transformation ; this paper deals with enhancement of images with poor contrast and detection of background . proposes a frame work which is used to detect the background in images characterized by poor contrast . image enhancement has been carried out by the two methods based on the weber ' s law notion . the first method employs information from image background analysis by blocks , while the second transformation method utilizes the opening operation , closing operation ←
→ eléments pour une théorie des réseaux en phase d ' apprentissage ; this study deals with the evolution of the so called intelligent networks ( insect society without leader , cells of an organism , brain ...) during their apprenticeship period . the used formalism draws one ' s inspiration from the one of the quantum field theory ( principle of stationary action , gauge fields , invariance by symmetry transformations ...). after a recall of some definitions , we consider at first the free network , that is to say which do ←
→ direct uncertainty estimation in reinforcement learning ; optimal probabilistic approach in reinforcement learning is computationally infeasible . its simplification consisting in neglecting difference between true environment and its model estimated using limited number of observations causes exploration vs exploitation problem . uncertainty can be expressed in terms of a probability distribution over the space of environment models , and this uncertainty can be propagated to the action - value function via bel ←
→ stochastic gradient estimate variance in contrastive divergence and persistent contrastive divergence ; contrastive divergence ( cd ) and persistent contrastive divergence ( pcd ) are popular methods for training the weights of restricted boltzmann machines . however , both methods use an approximate method for sampling from the model distribution . as a side effect , these approximations yield significantly different biases and variances for stochastic gradient estimates of individual data points . it is well kno ←
→ learning to map sentences to logical form : structured classification with probabilistic categorial grammars ; this paper addresses the problem of mapping natural language sentences to lambda - calculus encodings of their meaning . we describe a learning algorithm that takes as input a training set of sentences labeled with expressions in the lambda calculus . the algorithm induces a grammar for the problem , along with a log - linear model that represents a distribution over syntactic and semantic analyses condi ←
→ do multi - sense embeddings improve natural language understanding ? ; learning a distinct representation for each sense of an ambiguous word could lead to more powerful and fine - grained models of vector - space representations . yet while ` multi - sense ' methods have been proposed and tested on artificial word - similarity tasks , we don ' t know if they improve real natural language understanding tasks . in this paper we introduce a multi - sense embedding model based on chinese restaurant processes that achieves state o ←
→ a little more , a lot better : improving path quality by a simple path merging algorithm ; sampling - based motion planners are an effective means for generating collision - free motion paths . however , the quality of these motion paths ( with respect to quality measures such as path length , clearance , smoothness or energy ) is often notoriously low , especially in high - dimensional configuration spaces . we introduce a simple algorithm for merging an arbitrary number of input motion paths into a hybrid output path o ←
→ learning semantically coherent and reusable kernels in convolution neural nets for sentence classification ; the state - of - the - art cnn models give good performance on sentence classification tasks . the purpose of this work is to empirically study desirable properties such as semantic coherence , attention mechanism and reusability of cnns in these tasks . semantically coherent kernels are preferable as they are a lot more interpretable for explaining the decision of the learned cnn model . we observe that the ←
→ learning model - based strategies in simple environments with hierarchical q - networks ; recent advances in deep learning have allowed artificial agents to rival human - level performance on a wide range of complex tasks ; however , the ability of these networks to learn generalizable strategies remains a pressing challenge . this critical limitation is due in part to two factors : the opaque information representation in deep neural networks and the complexity of the task environments in which they are typically ←
→ two - stream 3d convolutional neural network for skeleton - based action recognition ; it remains a challenge to efficiently extract spatialtemporal information from skeleton sequences for 3d human action recognition . although most recent action recognition methods are based on recurrent neural networks which present outstanding performance , one of the shortcomings of these methods is the tendency to overemphasize the temporal information . since 3d convolutional neural network ( 3d cnn ) is a powerful tool to si ←
→ discovering valuable items from massive data ; suppose there is a large collection of items , each with an associated cost and an inherent utility that is revealed only once we commit to selecting it . given a budget on the cumulative cost of the selected items , how can we pick a subset of maximal value ? this task generalizes several important problems such as multi - arm bandits , active search and the knapsack problem . we present an algorithm , gp - select , which utilizes prior knowledge about similarity be - twee ←
→ smooth sparse coding via marginal regression for learning sparse representations ; we propose and analyze a novel framework for learning sparse representations , based on two statistical techniques : kernel smoothing and marginal regression . the proposed approach provides a flexible framework for incorporating feature similarity or temporal information present in data sets , via non - parametric kernel smoothing . we provide generalization bounds for dictionary learning using smooth sparse coding and show how t ←
→ efficient human computation ; collecting large labeled data sets is a laborious and expensive task , whose scaling up requires division of the labeling workload between many teachers . when the number of classes is large , miscorrespondences between the labels given by the different teachers are likely to occur , which , in the extreme case , may reach total inconsistency . in this paper we describe how globally consistent labels can be obtained , despite the absence of teacher coordination , and discuss the possibl ←
→ conceptualization of seeded region growing by pixels aggregation . part 4 : simple , generic and robust extraction of grains in granular materials obtained by x - ray tomography ; this paper proposes a simple , generic and robust method to extract the grains from experimental tridimensionnal images of granular materials obtained by x - ray tomography . this extraction has two steps : segmentation and splitting . for the segmentation step , if there is a sufficient contrast between the different components , a classi ←
→ recognition of documents in braille ; visually impaired people are integral part of the society and it has been a must to provide them with means and system through which they may communicate with the world . in this work , i would like to address how computers can be made useful to read the scripts in braille . the importance of this work is to reduce communication gap between visually impaired people and the society . braille remains the most popular tactile reading code even in this century . there are numero ←
→ the complex - valued encoding for dicision - making based on aliasing data ; it is proposed a complex valued channel encoding for multidimensional data . the basic approach contains overlapping of complex nonlinear mappings . its development leads to sparse representation of multi - channel data , increasing their dimensions and the distance between the images .←
→ image parsing with a wide range of classes and scene - level context ; this paper presents a nonparametric scene parsing approach that improves the overall accuracy , as well as the coverage of foreground classes in scene images . we first improve the label likelihood estimates at superpixels by merging likelihood scores from different probabilistic classifiers . this boosts the classification performance and enriches the representation of less - represented classes . our second contribution consists of incorporati ←
→ digital image tamper detection techniques - a comprehensive study ; photographs are considered to be the most powerful and trustworthy media of expression . for a long time , those were accepted as proves of evidences in varied fields such as journalism , forensic investigations , military intelligence , scientific research and publications , crime detection and legal proceedings , investigation of insurance claims , medical imaging etc . today , digital images have completely replaced the conventional photographs fr ←
→ neon2 : finding local minima via first - order oracles ; we propose a reduction for non - convex optimization that can ( 1 ) turn an stationary - point finding algorithm into an local - minimum finding one , and ( 2 ) replace the hessian - vector product computations with only gradient computations . it works both in the stochastic and the deterministic settings , without hurting the algorithm ' s performance . as applications , our reduction turns natasha2 into a first - order method without hurting its performance . it also con ←
→ averaging stochastic gradient descent on riemannian manifolds ; we consider the minimization of a function defined on a riemannian manifold $\ mathcal { m }$ accessible only through unbiased estimates of its gradients . we develop a geometric framework to transform a sequence of slowly converging iterates generated from stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) on $\ mathcal { m }$ to an averaged iterate sequence with a robust and fast $ o ( 1 / n )$ convergence rate . we then present an application of our framework to geodesicall ←
→ from community detection to community profiling ; most existing community - related studies focus on detection , which aim to find the community membership for each user from user friendship links . however , membership alone , without a complete profile of what a community is and how it interacts with other communities , has limited applications . this motivates us to consider systematically profiling the communities and thereby developing useful community - level applications . in this paper , we for the first time f ←
→ ratio - preserving half - cylindrical warps for natural image stitching ; a novel warp for natural image stitching is proposed that utilizes the property of cylindrical warp and a horizontal pixel selection strategy . the proposed ratio - preserving half - cylindrical warp is a combination of homography and cylindrical warps which guarantees alignment by homography and possesses less projective distortion by cylindrical warp . unlike previous approaches applying cylindrical warp before homography , we use partition li ←
→ finite state machine synthesis for evolutionary hardware ; this article considers application of genetic algorithms for finite machine synthesis . the resulting genetic finite state machines synthesis algorithm allows for creation of machines with less number of states and within shorter time . this makes it possible to use hardware - oriented genetic finite machines synthesis algorithm in autonomous systems on reconfigurable platforms .←
→ unifying task specification in reinforcement learning ; reinforcement learning tasks are typically specified as markov decision processes . this formalism has been highly successful , though specifications often couple the dynamics of the environment and the learning objective . this lack of modularity can complicate generalization of the task specification , as well as obfuscate connections between different task settings , such as episodic and continuing . in this work , we introduce the rl task formalism , that ←
→ image compression by embedding five modulus method into jpeg ; the standard jpeg format is almost the optimum format in image compression . the compression ratio in jpeg sometimes reaches 30 : 1 . the compression ratio of jpeg could be increased by embedding the five modulus method ( fmm ) into the jpeg algorithm . the novel algorithm gives twice the time as the standard jpeg algorithm or more . the novel algorithm was called fjpeg ( five - jpeg ). the quality of the reconstructed image after compression is approximate ←
→ dense 3d facial reconstruction from a single depth image in unconstrained environment ; with the increasing demands of applications in virtual reality such as 3d films , virtual human - machine interactions and virtual agents , the analysis of 3d human face analysis is considered to be more and more important as a fundamental step for those virtual reality tasks . due to information provided by an additional dimension , 3d facial reconstruction enables aforementioned tasks to be achieved with higher accuracy th ←
→ feedback detection for live predictors ; a predictor that is deployed in a live production system may perturb the features it uses to make predictions . such a feedback loop can occur , for example , when a model that predicts a certain type of behavior ends up causing the behavior it predicts , thus creating a self - fulfilling prophecy . in this paper we analyze predictor feedback detection as a causal inference problem , and introduce a local randomization scheme that can be used to detect non - linear feedback in ←
→ curved gabor filters for fingerprint image enhancement ; gabor filters play an important role in many application areas for the enhancement of various types of images and the extraction of gabor features . for the purpose of enhancing curved structures in noisy images , we introduce curved gabor filters which locally adapt their shape to the direction of flow . these curved gabor filters enable the choice of filter parameters which increase the smoothing power without creating artifacts in the enhanced image . ←
→ a sequential neural encoder with latent structured description for modeling sentences ; in this paper , we propose a sequential neural encoder with latent structured description ( snelsd ) for modeling sentences . this model introduces latent chunk - level representations into conventional sequential neural encoders , i . e ., recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) with long short - term memory ( lstm ) units , to consider the compositionality of languages in semantic modeling . an snelsd model has a hierarchical structure tha ←
→ managing network congestion with a kohonen - based red queue ; the behaviour of the tcp aimd algorithm is known to cause queue length oscillations when congestion occurs at a router output link . indeed , due to these queueing variations , end - to - end applications experience large delay jitter . many studies have proposed efficient active queue management ( aqm ) mechanisms in order to reduce queue oscillations and stabilize the queue length . these aqm are mostly improvements of the random early detection ( red ) mode ←
→ morphnet : fast & simple resource - constrained structure learning of deep networks ; we present morphnet , an approach to automate the design of neural network structures . morphnet iteratively shrinks and expands a network , shrinking via a resource - weighted sparsifying regularizer on activations and expanding via a uniform multiplicative factor on all layers . in contrast to previous approaches , our method is scalable to large networks , adaptable to specific resource constraints ( e . g . the number of floating - p ←
→ n - gram - based low - dimensional representation for document classification ; the bag - of - words ( bow ) model is the common approach for classifying documents , where words are used as feature for training a classifier . this generally involves a huge number of features . some techniques , such as latent semantic analysis ( lsa ) or latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ), have been designed to summarize documents in a lower dimension with the least semantic information loss . some semantic information is nevertheless always l ←
→ evaluation and selection of medical tourism sites : a rough ahp based mabac approach ; in this paper , a novel multiple criteria decision making ( mcdm ) methodology is presented for assessing and prioritizing medical tourism destinations in uncertain environment . a systematic evaluation and assessment method is proposed by integrating rough number based ahp ( analytic hierarchy process ) and rough number based mabac ( multi - attributive border approximation area comparison ). rough number is used to aggregate ind ←
→ convolutional neural network committees for melanoma classification with classical and expert knowledge based image transforms data augmentation ; skin cancer is a major public health problem , as is the most common type of cancer and represents more than half of cancer diagnoses worldwide . early detection influences the outcome of the disease and motivates our work . we investigate the composition of cnn committees and data augmentation for the the isbi 2017 melanoma classification challenge ( named skin le ←
→ sequence - to - sequence neural net models for grapheme - to - phoneme conversion ; sequence - to - sequence translation methods based on generation with a side - conditioned language model have recently shown promising results in several tasks . in machine translation , models conditioned on source side words have been used to produce target - language text , and in image captioning , models conditioned images have been used to generate caption text . past work with this approach has focused on large vocabulary tasks , and me ←
→ a hybrid algorithm for bayesian network structure learning with application to multi - label learning ; we present a novel hybrid algorithm for bayesian network structure learning , called h2pc . it first reconstructs the skeleton of a bayesian network and then performs a bayesian - scoring greedy hill - climbing search to orient the edges . the algorithm is based on divide - and - conquer constraint - based subroutines to learn the local structure around a target variable . we conduct two series of experimental comparis ←
→ near - optimal bayesian active learning with correlated and noisy tests ; we consider the bayesian active learning and experimental design problem , where the goal is to learn the value of some unknown target variable through a sequence of informative , noisy tests . in contrast to prior work , we focus on the challenging , yet practically relevant setting where test outcomes can be conditionally dependent given the hidden target variable . under such assumptions , common heuristics , such as greedily performing test ←
→ variational particle approximations ; approximate inference in high - dimensional , discrete probabilistic models is a central problem in computational statistics and machine learning . this paper describes discrete particle variational inference ( dpvi ), a new approach that combines key strengths of monte carlo , variational and search - based techniques . dpvi is based on a novel family of particle - based variational approximations that can be fit using simple , fast , deterministic search techniques . like monte carl ←
→ incremental classifier learning with generative adversarial networks ; in this paper , we address the incremental classifier learning problem , which suffers from catastrophic forgetting . the main reason for catastrophic forgetting is that the past data are not available during learning . typical approaches keep some exemplars for the past classes and use distillation regularization to retain the classification capability on the past classes and balance the past and new classes . however , there are four main pr ←
→ automatically segmenting oral history transcripts ; dividing oral histories into topically coherent segments can make them more accessible online . people regularly make judgments about where coherent segments can be extracted from oral histories . but making these judgments can be taxing , so automated assistance is potentially attractive to speed the task of extracting segments from open - ended interviews . when different people are asked to extract coherent segments from the same oral histories , they often do ←
→ generalized adaptive dictionary learning via domain shift minimization ; visual data driven dictionaries have been successfully employed for various object recognition and classification tasks . however , the task becomes more challenging if the training and test data are from contrasting domains . in this paper , we propose a novel and generalized approach towards learning an adaptive and common dictionary for multiple domains . precisely , we project the data from different domains onto a low dimensional space ←
→ scalable compression of deep neural networks ; deep neural networks generally involve some layers with mil - lions of parameters , making them difficult to be deployed and updated on devices with limited resources such as mobile phones and other smart embedded systems . in this paper , we propose a scalable representation of the network parameters , so that different applications can select the most suitable bit rate of the network based on their own storage constraints . moreover , when a device needs to upgrade ←
→ house price estimation from visual and textual features ; most existing automatic house price estimation systems rely only on some textual data like its neighborhood area and the number of rooms . the final price is estimated by a human agent who visits the house and assesses it visually . in this paper , we propose extracting visual features from house photographs and combining them with the house ' s textual information . the combined features are fed to a fully connected multilayer neural network ( nn ) that est ←
→ graph construction for learning with unbalanced data ; unbalanced data arises in many learning tasks such as clustering of multi - class data , hierarchical divisive clustering and semisupervised learning . graph - based approaches are popular tools for these problems . graph construction is an important aspect of graph - based learning . we show that graph - based algorithms can fail for unbalanced data for many popular graphs such as k - nn , \ epsilon - neighborhood and full - rbf graphs . we propose a novel graph constructi ←
→ when naïve bayes nearest neighbours meet convolutional neural networks ; since convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have become the leading learning paradigm in visual recognition , naive bayes nearest neighbour ( nbnn )- based classifiers have lost momentum in the community . this is because ( 1 ) such algorithms cannot use cnn activations as input features ; ( 2 ) they cannot be used as final layer of cnn architectures for end - to - end training , and ( 3 ) they are generally not scalable and hence cannot handle big dat ←
→ training a multilingual sportscaster : using perceptual context to learn language ; we present a novel framework for learning to interpret and generate language using only perceptual context as supervision . we demonstrate its capabilities by developing a system that learns to sportscast simulated robot soccer games in both english and korean without any language - specific prior knowledge . training employs only ambiguous supervision consisting of a stream of descriptive textual comments and a sequence of eve ←
→ an evaluation framework and database for mocap - based gait recognition methods ; as a contribution to reproducible research , this paper presents a framework and a database to improve the development , evaluation and comparison of methods for gait recognition from motion capture ( mocap ) data . the evaluation framework provides implementation details and source codes of state - of - the - art human - interpretable geometric features as well as our own approaches where gait features are learned by a modification of fis ←
→ least ambiguous set - valued classifiers with bounded error levels ; in most classification tasks there are observations that are ambiguous and therefore difficult to correctly label . set - valued classification allows the classifiers to output a set of plausible labels rather than a single label , thereby giving a more appropriate and informative treatment to the labeling of ambiguous instances . we introduce a framework for multiclass set - valued classification , where the classifiers guarantee user - defined level ←
→ instrument - armed bandits ; we extend the classic multi - armed bandit ( mab ) model to the setting of noncompliance , where the arm pull is a mere instrument and the treatment applied may differ from it , which gives rise to the instrument - armed bandit ( iab ) problem . the iab setting is relevant whenever the experimental units are human since free will , ethics , and the law may prohibit unrestricted or forced application of treatment . in particular , the setting is relevant in bandit models of dynamic clinical trial ←
→ significance of softmax - based features in comparison to distance metric learning - based features ; the extraction of useful deep features is important for many computer vision tasks . deep features extracted from classification networks have proved to perform well in those tasks . to obtain features of greater usefulness , end - to - end distance metric learning ( dml ) has been applied to train the feature extractor directly . however , in these dml studies , there were no equitable comparisons between features extra ←
→ competition through selective inhibitory synchrony ; models of cortical neuronal circuits commonly depend on inhibitory feedback to control gain , provide signal normalization , and to selectively amplify signals using winner - take - all ( wta ) dynamics . such models generally assume that excitatory and inhibitory neurons are able to interact easily , because their axons and dendrites are co - localized in the same small volume . however , quantitative neuroanatomical studies of the dimensions of axonal and dendritic t ←
→ new ideas for brain modelling 3 ; this paper considers a process for the creation and subsequent firing of sequences of neuronal patterns , as might be found in the human brain . the scale is one of larger patterns emerging from an ensemble mass , possibly through some type of energy equation and a reduction procedure . the links between the patterns can be formed naturally , as a residual effect of the pattern creation itself . this paper follows - on closely from the earlier research , including two earlier papers ←
→ fixing a broken elbo ; recent work in unsupervised representation learning has focused on learning deep directed latent - variable models . fitting these models by maximizing the marginal likelihood or evidence is typically intractable , thus a common approximation is to maximize the evidence lower bound ( elbo ) instead . however , maximum likelihood training ( whether exact or approximate ) does not necessarily result in a good latent representation , as we demonstrate both theoretically and empirically . in particul ←
→ improved use of continuous attributes in c4 . 5 ; a reported weakness of c4 . 5 in domains with continuous attributes is addressed by modifying the formation and evaluation of tests on continuous attributes . an mdl - inspired penalty is applied to such tests , eliminating some of them from consideration and altering the relative desirability of all tests . empirical trials show that the modifications lead to smaller decision trees with higher predictive accuracies . results also confirm that a new version of c4 . 5 in ←
→ multi - camera multi - object tracking ; in this paper , we propose a pipeline for multi - target visual tracking under multi - camera system . for multi - camera system tracking problem , efficient data association across cameras , and at the same time , across frames becomes more important than single - camera system tracking . however , most of the multi - camera tracking algorithms emphasis on single camera across frame data association . thus in our work , we model our tracking problem as a global graph , and adopt generalize ←
→ rgbd datasets : past , present and future ; since the launch of the microsoft kinect , scores of rgbd datasets have been released . these have propelled advances in areas from reconstruction to gesture recognition . in this paper we explore the field , reviewing datasets across eight categories : semantics , object pose estimation , camera tracking , scene reconstruction , object tracking , human actions , faces and identification . by extracting relevant information in each category we help researchers to find appropria ←
→ from quantum foundations via natural language meaning to a theory of everything ; in this paper we argue for a paradigmatic shift from ` reductionism ' to ` togetherness '. in particular , we show how interaction between systems in quantum theory naturally carries over to modelling how word meanings interact in natural language . since meaning in natural language , depending on the subject domain , encompasses discussions within any scientific discipline , we obtain a template for theories such as social interacti ←
→ growing a tree in the forest : constructing folksonomies by integrating structured metadata ; many social web sites allow users to annotate the content with descriptive metadata , such as tags , and more recently to organize content hierarchically . these types of structured metadata provide valuable evidence for learning how a community organizes knowledge . for instance , we can aggregate many personal hierarchies into a common taxonomy , also known as a folksonomy , that will aid users in visualizing and brows ←
→ multi - label learning from medical plain text with convolutional residual models ; predicting diagnoses from electronic health records ( ehrs ) is an important medical application of multi - label learning . we propose a convolutional residual model for multi - label classification from doctor notes in ehr data . a given patient may have multiple diagnoses , and therefore multi - label learning is required . we employ a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to encode plain text into a fixed - length sentence embedding vect ←
→ cross - view image matching for geo - localization in urban environments ; in this paper , we address the problem of cross - view image geo - localization . specifically , we aim to estimate the gps location of a query street view image by finding the matching images in a reference database of geo - tagged bird ' s eye view images , or vice versa . to this end , we present a new framework for cross - view image geo - localization by taking advantage of the tremendous success of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) in image ←
→ theoretical analysis of sparse subspace clustering with missing entries ; sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ) is a popular unsupervised machine learning method for clustering data lying close to an unknown union of low - dimensional linear subspaces ; a problem with numerous applications in pattern recognition and computer vision . even though the behavior of ssc for complete data is by now well - understood , little is known about its theoretical properties when applied to data with missing entries . in this paper we ←
→ automatic image de - fencing system ; tourists and wild - life photographers are often hindered in capturing their cherished images or videos by a fence that limits accessibility to the scene of interest . the situation has been exacerbated by growing concerns of security at public places and a need exists to provide a tool that can be used for post - processing such fenced videos to produce a de - fenced image . there are several challenges in this problem , we identify them as robust detection of fence / occlusions an ←
→ neural machine translation by jointly learning to align and translate ; neural machine translation is a recently proposed approach to machine translation . unlike the traditional statistical machine translation , the neural machine translation aims at building a single neural network that can be jointly tuned to maximize the translation performance . the models proposed recently for neural machine translation often belong to a family of encoder - decoders and consists of an encoder that encodes a source sentence ←
→ robust tuning datasets for statistical machine translation ; we explore the idea of automatically crafting a tuning dataset for statistical machine translation ( smt ) that makes the hyper - parameters of the smt system more robust with respect to some specific deficiencies of the parameter tuning algorithms . this is an under - explored research direction , which can allow better parameter tuning . in this paper , we achieve this goal by selecting a subset of the available sentence pairs , which are more suitable for ←
→ significance driven hybrid 8t - 6t sram for energy - efficient synaptic storage in artificial neural networks ; multilayered artificial neural networks ( ann ) have found widespread utility in classification and recognition applications . the scale and complexity of such networks together with the inadequacies of general purpose computing platforms have led to a significant interest in the development of efficient hardware implementations . in this work , we focus on designing energy efficient on - chip storage for ←
→ a method for stopping active learning based on stabilizing predictions and the need for user - adjustable stopping ; a survey of existing methods for stopping active learning ( al ) reveals the needs for methods that are : more widely applicable ; more aggressive in saving annotations ; and more stable across changing datasets . a new method for stopping al based on stabilizing predictions is presented that addresses these needs . furthermore , stopping methods are required to handle a broad range of different anno ←
→ leveraging discourse information effectively for authorship attribution ; we explore techniques to maximize the effectiveness of discourse information in the task of authorship attribution . we present a novel method to embed discourse features in a convolutional neural network text classifier , which achieves a state - of - the - art result by a substantial margin . we empirically investigate several featurization methods to understand the conditions under which discourse features contribute non - trivial performance ←
→ anisotropic diffusion for details enhancement in multi - exposure image fusion ; we develop a multiexposure image fusion method based on texture features , which exploits the edge preserving and intraregion smoothing property of nonlinear diffusion filters based on partial differential equations ( pde ). with the captured multiexposure image series , we first decompose images into base layers and detail layers to extract sharp details and fine details , respectively . the magnitude of the gradient of the image in ←
→ a logic programming approach to activity recognition ; we have been developing a system for recognising human activity given a symbolic representation of video content . the input of our system is a set of time - stamped short - term activities detected on video frames . the output of our system is a set of recognised long - term activities , which are pre - defined temporal combinations of short - term activities . the constraints on the short - term activities that , if satisfied , lead to the recognition of a long - term ac ←
→ detecting people in artwork with cnns ; cnns have massively improved performance in object detection in photographs . however research into object detection in artwork remains limited . we show state - of - the - art performance on a challenging dataset , people - art , which contains people from photos , cartoons and 41 different artwork movements . we achieve this high performance by fine - tuning a cnn for this task , thus also demonstrating that training cnns on photos results in overfitting for photos : only the first t ←
→ thompson sampling for budgeted multi - armed bandits ; thompson sampling is one of the earliest randomized algorithms for multi - armed bandits ( mab ). in this paper , we extend the thompson sampling to budgeted mab , where there is random cost for pulling an arm and the total cost is constrained by a budget . we start with the case of bernoulli bandits , in which the random rewards ( costs ) of an arm are independently sampled from a bernoulli distribution . to implement the thompson sampling algorithm in this case , a ←
→ intrinsically motivated multimodal structure learning ; we present a long - term intrinsically motivated structure learning method for modeling transition dynamics during controlled interactions between a robot and semi - permanent structures in the world . in particular , we discuss how partially - observable state is represented using distributions over a markovian state and build models of objects that predict how state distributions change in response to interactions with such objects . these structures serve as ←
→ convex sparse spectral clustering : single - view to multi - view ; spectral clustering ( sc ) is one of the most widely used methods for data clustering . it first finds a low - dimensonal embedding $\ u $ of data by computing the eigenvectors of the normalized laplacian matrix , and then performs k - means on $\ u ^\ top $ to get the final clustering result . in this work , we observe that , in the ideal case , $\ u \ u ^\ top $ should be block diagonal and thus sparse . therefore we propose the sparse spectral clustering ( ssc ) method ←
→ next challenges in bringing artificial immune systems to production in network security ; the human immune system protects the human body against various pathogens like e . g . biological viruses and bacteria . artificial immune systems reuse the architecture , organization , and workflows of the human immune system for various problems in computer science . in the network security , the artificial immune system is used to secure a network and its nodes against intrusions like viruses , worms , and trojans . however ←
→ a deep learning architecture for temporal sleep stage classification using multivariate and multimodal time series ; sleep stage classification constitutes an important preliminary exam in the diagnosis of sleep disorders . it is traditionally performed by a sleep expert who assigns to each 30s of signal a sleep stage , based on the visual inspection of signals such as electroencephalograms ( eeg ), electrooculograms ( eog ), electrocardiograms ( ecg ) and electromyograms ( emg ). we introduce here the first deep l ←
→ multi - scale mining of fmri data with hierarchical structured sparsity ; inverse inference , or " brain reading ", is a recent paradigm for analyzing functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) data , based on pattern recognition and statistical learning . by predicting some cognitive variables related to brain activation maps , this approach aims at decoding brain activity . inverse inference takes into account the multivariate information between voxels and is currently the only way to assess how precisely some ←
→ a deterministic analysis of an online convex mixture of expert algorithms ; we analyze an online learning algorithm that adaptively combines outputs of two constituent algorithms ( or the experts ) running in parallel to model an unknown desired signal . this online learning algorithm is shown to achieve ( and in some cases outperform ) the mean - square error ( mse ) performance of the best constituent algorithm in the mixture in the steady - state . however , the mse analysis of this algorithm in the literature uses ←
→ classifying extremely imbalanced data sets ; imbalanced data sets containing much more background than signal instances are very common in particle physics , and will also be characteristic for the upcoming analyses of lhc data . following up the work presented at acat 2008 , we use the multivariate technique presented there ( a rule growing algorithm with the meta - methods bagging and instance weighting ) on much more imbalanced data sets , especially a selection of d0 decays without the use of particle identific ←
→ text authorship identified using the dynamics of word co - occurrence networks ; the identification of authorship in disputed documents still requires human expertise , which is now unfeasible for many tasks owing to the large volumes of text and authors in practical applications . in this study , we introduce a methodology based on the dynamics of word co - occurrence networks representing written texts to classify a corpus of 80 texts by 8 authors . the texts were divided into sections with equal number of ling ←
→ dbn - based combinatorial resampling for articulated object tracking ; particle filter is an effective solution to track objects in video sequences in complex situations . its key idea is to estimate the density over the possible states of the object using a weighted sample whose elements are called particles . one of its crucial step is a resampling step in which particles are resampled to avoid some degeneracy problem . in this paper , we introduce a new resampling method called combinatorial resampling that ex ←
→ discovery of shared semantic spaces for multi - scene video query and summarization ; the growing rate of public space cctv installations has generated a need for automated methods for exploiting video surveillance data including scene understanding , query , behaviour annotation and summarization . for this reason , extensive research has been performed on surveillance scene understanding and analysis . however , most studies have considered single scenes , or groups of adjacent scenes . the semantic similarity be ←
→ a hybrid bacterial foraging algorithm for solving job shop scheduling problems ; bio - inspired computing is the subset of nature - inspired computing . job shop scheduling problem is categorized under popular scheduling problems . in this research work , bacterial foraging optimization was hybridized with ant colony optimization and a new technique hybrid bacterial foraging optimization for solving job shop scheduling problem was proposed . the optimal solutions obtained by proposed hybrid bacterial foraging opt ←
→ stein variational adaptive importance sampling ; we propose a novel adaptive importance sampling algorithm which incorporates stein variational gradient decent algorithm ( svgd ) with importance sampling ( is ). our algorithm leverages the nonparametric transforms in svgd to iteratively decrease the kl divergence between our importance proposal and the target distribution . the advantages of this algorithm are twofold : first , our algorithm turns svgd into a standard is algorithm , allowing us to use standard diag ←
→ inferring robot task plans from human team meetings : a generative modeling approach with logic - based prior ; we aim to reduce the burden of programming and deploying autonomous systems to work in concert with people in time - critical domains , such as military field operations and disaster response . deployment plans for these operations are frequently negotiated on - the - fly by teams of human planners . a human operator then translates the agreed upon plan into machine instructions for the robots . we present a ←
→ end - to - end data visualization by metric learning and coordinate transformation ; this paper presents a deep nonlinear metric learning framework for data visualization on an image dataset . we propose the triangular similarity and prove its equivalence to the cosine similarity in measuring a data pair . based on this novel similarity , a geometrically motivated loss function - the triangular loss - is then developed for optimizing a metric learning system comprising two identical cnns . it is shown that this d ←
→ improving factor - based quantitative investing by forecasting company fundamentals ; on a periodic basis , publicly traded companies are required to report fundamentals : financial data such as revenue , operating income , debt , among others . these data points provide some insight into the financial health of a company . academic research has identified some factors , i . e . computed features of the reported data , that are known through retrospective analysis to outperform the market average . two popular factors a ←
→ identifying and harnessing the building blocks of machine learning pipelines for sensible initialization of a data science automation tool ; as data science continues to grow in popularity , there will be an increasing need to make data science tools more scalable , flexible , and accessible . in particular , automated machine learning ( automl ) systems seek to automate the process of designing and optimizing machine learning pipelines . in this chapter , we present a genetic programming - based automl system calle ←
→ deep scattering : rendering atmospheric clouds with radiance - predicting neural networks ; we present a technique for efficiently synthesizing images of atmospheric clouds using a combination of monte carlo integration and neural networks . the intricacies of lorenz - mie scattering and the high albedo of cloud - forming aerosols make rendering of clouds --- e . g . the characteristic silverlining and the " whiteness " of the inner body --- challenging for methods based solely on monte carlo integration or diffusion theo ←
→ serious games application for memory training using egocentric images ; mild cognitive impairment is the early stage of several neurodegenerative diseases , such as alzheimer ' s . in this work , we address the use of lifelogging as a tool to obtain pictures from a patient ' s daily life from an egocentric point of view . we propose to use them in combination with serious games as a way to provide a non - pharmacological treatment to improve their quality of life . to do so , we introduce a novel computer vision techni ←
→ adaptation and self - organization in evolutionary algorithms ; abbreviated abstract : the objective of evolutionary computation is to solve practical problems ( e . g . optimization , data mining ) by simulating the mechanisms of natural evolution . this thesis addresses several topics related to adaptation and self - organization in evolving systems with the overall aims of improving the performance of evolutionary algorithms ( ea ), understanding its relation to natural evolution , and incorporating new mechanisms for ←
→ image splicing detection using inherent lens radial distortion ; image splicing is a common form of image forgery . such alterations may leave no visual clues of tampering . in recent works camera characteristics consistency across the image has been used to establish the authenticity and integrity of digital images . such constant camera characteristic properties are inherent from camera manufacturing processes and are unique . the majority of digital cameras are equipped with spherical lens and this introduce ←
→ diversity encouraged learning of unsupervised lstm ensemble for neural activity video prediction ; being able to predict the neural signal in the near future from the current and previous observations has the potential to enable real - time responsive brain stimulation to suppress seizures . we have investigated how to use an auto - encoder model consisting of lstm cells for such prediction . recog - nizing that there exist multiple activity pattern clusters , we have further explored to train an ensemble of lstm ←
→ matrix games , linear programming , and linear approximation ; the following four classes of computational problems are equivalent : solving matrix games , solving linear programs , best $ l ^{\ infty }$ linear approximation , best $ l ^ 1 $ linear approximation .←
→ pddl2 . 1 : an extension to pddl for expressing temporal planning domains ; in recent years research in the planning community has moved increasingly toward s application of planners to realistic problems involving both time and many typ es of resources . for example , interest in planning demonstrated by the space res earch community has inspired work in observation scheduling , planetary rover ex ploration and spacecraft control domains . other temporal and resource - intensive domains including logistics planning ←
→ binarized neural networks on the imagenet classification task ; we trained binarized neural networks ( bnns ) on the high resolution imagenet ilsvrc - 2102 dataset classification task and achieved a good performance . with a moderate size network of 13 layers , we obtained top - 5 classification accuracy rate of 84 . 1 % on validation set through network distillation , much better than previous published results of 73 . 2 % on xnor network and 69 . 1 % on binarized googlenet . we expect networks of better performance can be ←
→ variable selection in high dimensions with random designs and orthogonal matching pursuit ; the performance of orthogonal matching pursuit ( omp ) for variable selection is analyzed for random designs . when contrasted with the deterministic case , since the performance is here measured after averaging over the distribution of the design matrix , one can have far less stringent sparsity constraints on the coefficient vector . we demonstrate that for exact sparse vectors , the performance of the omp is similar to ←
→ training deep convolutional neural networks with resistive cross - point devices ; in a previous work we have detailed the requirements to obtain a maximal performance benefit by implementing fully connected deep neural networks ( dnn ) in form of arrays of resistive devices for deep learning . this concept of resistive processing unit ( rpu ) devices we extend here towards convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). we show how to map the convolutional layers to rpu arrays such that the parallelism of the hardware ca ←
→ online anomaly detection via class - imbalance learning ; anomaly detection is an important task in many real world applications such as fraud detection , suspicious activity detection , health care monitoring etc . in this paper , we tackle this problem from supervised learning perspective in online learning setting . we maximize well known \ emph { gmean } metric for class - imbalance learning in online learning framework . specifically , we show that maximizing \ emph { gmean } is equivalent to minimizing a convex surrogat ←
→ handwritten arabic numeral recognition using deep learning neural networks ; handwritten character recognition is an active area of research with applications in numerous fields . past and recent works in this field have concentrated on various languages . arabic is one language where the scope of research is still widespread , with it being one of the most popular languages in the world and being syntactically different from other major languages . das et al . \ cite { dblp : journals / corr / abs - 1003 - 1891 } has pione ←
→ routing in wireless mesh networks : two soft computing based approaches ; due to dynamic network conditions , routing is the most critical part in wmns and needs to be optimised . the routing strategies developed for wmns must be efficient to make it an operationally self configurable network . thus we need to resort to near shortest path evaluation . this lays down the requirement of some soft computing approaches such that a near shortest path is available in an affordable computing time . this paper proposes a ←
→ discovering and exploiting entailment relationships in multi - label learning ; this work presents a sound probabilistic method for enforcing adherence of the marginal probabilities of a multi - label model to automatically discovered deterministic relationships among labels . in particular we focus on discovering two kinds of relationships among the labels . the first one concerns pairwise positive entailement : pairs of labels , where the presence of one implies the presence of the other in all instances of a d ←
→ generating sentiment lexicons for german twitter ; despite a substantial progress made in developing new sentiment lexicon generation ( slg ) methods for english , the task of transferring these approaches to other languages and domains in a sound way still remains open . in this paper , we contribute to the solution of this problem by systematically comparing semi - automatic translations of common english polarity lists with the results of the original automatic slg algorithms , which were applied directly to ger ←
→ tournament versus fitness uniform selection ; in evolutionary algorithms a critical parameter that must be tuned is that of selection pressure . if it is set too low then the rate of convergence towards the optimum is likely to be slow . alternatively if the selection pressure is set too high the system is likely to become stuck in a local optimum due to a loss of diversity in the population . the recent fitness uniform selection scheme ( fuss ) is a conceptually simple but somewhat radical approach to addressin ←
→ theory of deep learning iii : explaining the non - overfitting puzzle ; a main puzzle of deep networks revolves around the absence of overfitting despite large overparametrization and despite the large capacity demonstrated by zero training error on randomly labeled data . in this note , we show that the dynamics associated to gradient descent minimization of nonlinear networks is topologically equivalent , near the asymptotically stable minima of the empirical error , to linear gradient system in a quadratic pote ←
→ knightcap : a chess program that learns by combining td ( lambda ) with game - tree search ; in this paper we present tdleaf ( lambda ), a variation on the td ( lambda ) algorithm that enables it to be used in conjunction with game - tree search . we present some experiments in which our chess program `` knightcap '' used tdleaf ( lambda ) to learn its evaluation function while playing on the free internet chess server ( fics , fics . onenet . net ). the main success we report is that knightcap improved from a 1650 rating to a 2150 ←
→ 11 x 11 domineering is solved : the first player wins ; we have developed a program called mudos ( maastricht university domineering solver ) that solves domineering positions in a very efficient way . this enables the solution of known positions so far ( up to the 10 x 10 board ) much quicker ( measured in number of investigated nodes ). more importantly , it enables the solution of the 11 x 11 domineering board , a board up till now far out of reach of previous domineering solvers . the solution needed the investi ←
→ reside : a benchmark for single image dehazing ; in this paper , we present a comprehensive study and evaluation of existing single image dehazing algorithms , using a new large - scale benchmark consisting of both synthetic and real - world hazy images , called realistic single image dehazing ( reside ). reside highlights diverse data sources and image contents , and is divided into five subsets , each serving different training or evaluation purposes . we further provide a rich variety of criteria for dehazing algorit ←
→ hybrid reasoning and the future of iconic representations ; we give a brief overview of the main characteristics of diagrammatic reasoning , analyze a case of human reasoning in a mastermind game , and explain why hybrid representation systems ( hrs ) are particularly attractive and promising for artificial general intelligence and computer science in general .←
→ a modified sigma - pi - sigma neural network with adaptive choice of multinomials ; sigma - pi - sigma neural networks ( spsnns ) as a kind of high - order neural networks can provide more powerful mapping capability than the traditional feedforward neural networks ( sigma - sigma neural networks ). in the existing literature , in order to reduce the number of the pi nodes in the pi layer , a special multinomial p_s is used in spsnns . each monomial in p_s is linear with respect to each particular variable sigma_i when the ←
→ argument - based belief in topological structures ; this paper combines two studies : a topological semantics for epistemic notions and abstract argumentation theory . in our combined setting , we use a topological semantics to represent the structure of an agent ' s collection of evidence , and we use argumentation theory to single out the relevant sets of evidence through which a notion of beliefs grounded on arguments is defined . we discuss the formal properties of this newly defined notion , providing also a for ←
→ mathematical programming strategies for solving the minimum common string partition problem ; the minimum common string partition problem is an np - hard combinatorial optimization problem with applications in computational biology . in this work we propose the first integer linear programming model for solving this problem . moreover , on the basis of the integer linear programming model we develop a deterministic 2 - phase heuristic which is applicable to larger problem instances . the results show that provenl ←
→ explainable prediction of medical codes from clinical text ; clinical notes are text documents that are created by clinicians for each patient encounter . they are typically accompanied by medical codes , which describe the diagnosis and treatment . annotating these codes is labor intensive and error prone ; furthermore , the connection between the codes and the text is not annotated , obscuring the reasons and details behind specific diagnoses and treatments . we present an attentional convolutional network that ←
→ enhanced low - rank matrix approximation ; this letter proposes to estimate low - rank matrices by formulating a convex optimization problem with non - convex regularization . we employ parameterized non - convex penalty functions to estimate the non - zero singular values more accurately than the nuclear norm . a closed - form solution for the global optimum of the proposed objective function ( sum of data fidelity and the non - convex regularizer ) is also derived . the solution reduces to singular value thresholding method ←
→ performance measurement and method analysis ( pmma ) for fingerprint reconstruction ; fingerprint reconstruction is one of the most well - known and publicized biometrics . because of their uniqueness and consistency over time , fingerprints have been used for identification over a century , more recently becoming automated due to advancements in computed capabilities . fingerprint reconstruction is popular because of the inherent ease of acquisition , the numerous sources ( e . g . ten fingers ) available for collecti ←
→ look - ahead before you leap : end - to - end active recognition by forecasting the effect of motion ; visual recognition systems mounted on autonomous moving agents face the challenge of unconstrained data , but simultaneously have the opportunity to improve their performance by moving to acquire new views of test data . in this work , we first show how a recurrent neural network - based system may be trained to perform end - to - end learning of motion policies suited for this " active recognition " setting . further , we ←
→ protein - ligand scoring with convolutional neural networks ; computational approaches to drug discovery can reduce the time and cost associated with experimental assays and enable the screening of novel chemotypes . structure - based drug design methods rely on scoring functions to rank and predict binding affinities and poses . the ever - expanding amount of protein - ligand binding and structural data enables the use of deep machine learning techniques for protein - ligand scoring . we describe convolutional neural ←
→ meta - tracker : fast and robust online adaptation for visual object trackers ; this paper improves state - of - the - art visual object trackers that use online adaptation . our core contribution is an offline meta - learning - based method to adjust the initial deep networks used in online adaptation - based tracking . the meta learning is driven by the goal of deep networks that can quickly be adapted to robustly model a particular target in future frames . ideally the resulting models focus on features that are useful ←
→ instance - level segmentation for autonomous driving with deep densely connected mrfs ; our aim is to provide a pixel - wise instance - level labeling of a monocular image in the context of autonomous driving . we build on recent work [ zhang et al ., iccv15 ] that trained a convolutional neural net to predict instance labeling in local image patches , extracted exhaustively in a stride from an image . a simple markov random field model using several heuristics was then proposed in [ zhang et al ., iccv15 ] to derive a ←
→ an online mechanism for ridesharing in autonomous mobility - on - demand systems ; with proper management , autonomous mobility - on - demand ( amod ) systems have great potential to satisfy the transport demands of urban populations by providing safe , convenient , and affordable ridesharing services . meanwhile , such systems can substantially decrease private car ownership and use , and thus significantly reduce traffic congestion , energy consumption , and carbon emissions . to achieve this objective , an amod system req ←
→ dimensionality reduction using similarity - induced embeddings ; the vast majority of dimensionality reduction ( dr ) techniques rely on second - order statistics to define their optimization objective . even though this provides adequate results in most cases , it comes with several shortcomings . the methods require carefully designed regularizers and they are usually prone to outliers . in this work , a new dr framework , that can directly model the target distribution using the notion of similarity instead of dista ←
→ solution to quadratic equation using genetic algorithm ; solving quadratic equation is one of the intrinsic interests as it is the simplest nonlinear equations . a novel approach for solving quadratic equation based on genetic algorithms ( gas ) is presented . genetic algorithms ( gas ) are a technique to solve problems which need optimization . generation of trial solutions have been formed by this method . many examples have been worked out , and in most cases we find out the exact solution . we have discussed the ←
→ semi - supervised learning for detecting human trafficking ; human trafficking is one of the most atrocious crimes and among the challenging problems facing law enforcement which demands attention of global magnitude . in this study , we leverage textual data from the website " backpage "- used for classified advertisement - to discern potential patterns of human trafficking activities which manifest online and identify advertisements of high interest to law enforcement . due to the lack of ground truth , we rely on ←
→ synsetrank : degree - adjusted random walk for relation identification ; in relation extraction , a key process is to obtain good detectors that find relevant sentences describing the target relation . to minimize the necessity of labeled data for refining detectors , previous work successfully made use of babelnet , a semantic graph structure expressing relationships between synsets , as side information or prior knowledge . the goal of this paper is to enhance the use of graph structure in the framework of random ←
→ error estimation for randomized least - squares algorithms via the bootstrap ; over the course of the past decade , a variety of randomized algorithms have been proposed for computing approximate least - squares ( ls ) solutions in large - scale settings . a longstanding practical issue is that , for any given input , the user rarely knows the actual error of an approximate solution ( relative to the exact solution ). likewise , it is difficult for the user to know precisely how much computation is needed to achieve the ←
→ learning a discriminative model for the perception of realism in composite images ; what makes an image appear realistic ? in this work , we are answering this question from a data - driven perspective by learning the perception of visual realism directly from large amounts of data . in particular , we train a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) model that distinguishes natural photographs from automatically generated composite images . the model learns to predict visual realism of a scene in terms of color , ligh ←
→ longitudinal study of child face recognition ; we present a longitudinal study of face recognition performance on children longitudinal face ( clf ) dataset containing 3 , 682 face images of 919 subjects , in the age group [ 2 , 18 ] years . each subject has at least four face images acquired over a time span of up to six years . face comparison scores are obtained from ( i ) a state - of - the - art cots matcher ( cots - a ), ( ii ) an open - source matcher ( facenet ), and ( iii ) a simple sum fusion of scores obtained from cots - a and ←
→ faster gaze prediction with dense networks and fisher pruning ; predicting human fixations from images has recently seen large improvements by leveraging deep representations which were pretrained for object recognition . however , as we show in this paper , these networks are highly overparameterized for the task of fixation prediction . we first present a simple yet principled greedy pruning method which we call fisher pruning . through a combination of knowledge distillation and fisher pruning , we obtain much ←
→ a framework of sparse online learning and its applications ; the amount of data in our society has been exploding in the era of big data today . in this paper , we address several open challenges of big data stream classification , including high volume , high velocity , high dimensionality , high sparsity , and high class - imbalance . many existing studies in data mining literature solve data stream classification tasks in a batch learning setting , which suffers from poor efficiency and scalability when dealing wit ←
→ distributed constrained optimization with semicoordinate transformations ; recent work has shown how information theory extends conventional full - rationality game theory to allow bounded rational agents . the associated mathematical framework can be used to solve constrained optimization problems . this is done by translating the problem into an iterated game , where each agent controls a different variable of the problem , so that the joint probability distribution across the agents ' moves gives an expected va ←
→ unification of fusion theories , rules , filters , image fusion and target tracking methods ( uft ) ; the author has pledged in various papers , conference or seminar presentations , and scientific grant applications ( between 2004 - 2015 ) for the unification of fusion theories , combinations of fusion rules , image fusion procedures , filter algorithms , and target tracking methods for more accurate applications to our real world problems - since neither fusion theory nor fusion rule fully satisfy all needed applicati ←
→ direct intrinsics : learning albedo - shading decomposition by convolutional regression ; we introduce a new approach to intrinsic image decomposition , the task of decomposing a single image into albedo and shading components . our strategy , which we term direct intrinsics , is to learn a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) that directly predicts output albedo and shading channels from an input rgb image patch . direct intrinsics is a departure from classical techniques for intrinsic image decomposition , which t ←
→ frelu : flexible rectified linear units for improving convolutional neural networks ; rectified linear unit ( relu ) is a widely used activation function for deep convolutional neural networks . however , because of the zero - hard rectification , relu networks miss the benefits from negative values . in this paper , we propose a novel activation function called \ emph { flexible rectified linear unit ( frelu )} to further explore the effects of negative values . by redesigning the rectified point of relu as a learnable ←
→ exploiting smoothness in statistical learning , sequential prediction , and stochastic optimization ; in the last several years , the intimate connection between convex optimization and learning problems , in both statistical and sequential frameworks , has shifted the focus of algorithmic machine learning to examine this interplay . in particular , on one hand , this intertwinement brings forward new challenges in reassessment of the performance of learning algorithms including generalization and regret bounds u ←
→ noisy parallel approximate decoding for conditional recurrent language model ; recent advances in conditional recurrent language modelling have mainly focused on network architectures ( e . g ., attention mechanism ), learning algorithms ( e . g ., scheduled sampling and sequence - level training ) and novel applications ( e . g ., image / video description generation , speech recognition , etc .) on the other hand , we notice that decoding algorithms / strategies have not been investigated as much , and it has become standard to ←
→ design of an alarm system for isfahan ozone level based on artificial intelligence predictor models ; the ozone level prediction is an important task of air quality agencies of modern cities . in this paper , we design an ozone level alarm system ( olp ) for isfahan city and test it through the real word data from 1 - 1 - 2000 to 7 - 6 - 2011 . we propose a computer based system with three inputs and single output . the inputs include three sensors of solar ultraviolet ( uv ), total solar radiation ( tsr ) and total ozone ←
→ scale - invariant local descriptor for event recognition in 1d sensor signals ; in this paper , we introduce a shape - based , time - scale invariant feature descriptor for 1 - d sensor signals . the time - scale invariance of the feature allows us to use feature from one training event to describe events of the same semantic class which may take place over varying time scales such as walking slow and walking fast . therefore it requires less training set . the descriptor takes advantage of the invariant location detect ←
→ on the global linear convergence of frank - wolfe optimization variants ; the frank - wolfe ( fw ) optimization algorithm has lately re - gained popularity thanks in particular to its ability to nicely handle the structured constraints appearing in machine learning applications . however , its convergence rate is known to be slow ( sublinear ) when the solution lies at the boundary . a simple less - known fix is to add the possibility to take ' away steps ' during optimization , an operation that importantly does not require ←
→ learning sight from sound : ambient sound provides supervision for visual learning ; the sound of crashing waves , the roar of fast - moving cars -- sound conveys important information about the objects in our surroundings . in this work , we show that ambient sounds can be used as a supervisory signal for learning visual models . to demonstrate this , we train a convolutional neural network to predict a statistical summary of the sound associated with a video frame . we show that , through this process , the networ ←
→ distributed regression in sensor networks : training distributively with alternating projections ; wireless sensor networks ( wsns ) have attracted considerable attention in recent years and motivate a host of new challenges for distributed signal processing . the problem of distributed or decentralized estimation has often been considered in the context of parametric models . however , the success of parametric methods is limited by the appropriateness of the strong statistical assumptions made by the models . ←
→ bias plus variance decomposition for survival analysis problems ; bias - variance decomposition of the expected error defined for regression and classification problems is an important tool to study and compare different algorithms , to find the best areas for their application . here the decomposition is introduced for the survival analysis problem . in our experiments , we study bias - variance parts of the expected error for two algorithms : original cox proportional hazard regression and coxpath , path algorit ←
→ risk - sensitive inverse reinforcement learning via semi - and non - parametric methods ; the literature on inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) typically assumes that humans take actions in order to minimize the expected value of a cost function , i . e ., that humans are risk neutral . yet , in practice , humans are often far from being risk neutral . to fill this gap , the objective of this paper is to devise a framework for risk - sensitive irl in order to explicitly account for a human ' s risk sensitivity . to this en ←
→ web - based benchmark for keystroke dynamics biometric systems : a statistical analysis ; most keystroke dynamics studies have been evaluated using a specific kind of dataset in which users type an imposed login and password . moreover , these studies are optimistics since most of them use different acquisition protocols , private datasets , controlled environment , etc . in order to enhance the accuracy of keystroke dynamics ' performance , the main contribution of this paper is twofold . first , we provide a new kin ←
→ dopelearning : a computational approach to rap lyrics generation ; writing rap lyrics requires both creativity to construct a meaningful , interesting story and lyrical skills to produce complex rhyme patterns , which form the cornerstone of good flow . we present a rap lyrics generation method that captures both of these aspects . first , we develop a prediction model to identify the next line of existing lyrics from a set of candidate next lines . this model is based on two machine - learning techniques : the ranks ←
→ decomposition principles and online learning in cross - layer optimization for delay - sensitive applications ; in this paper , we propose a general cross - layer optimization framework in which we explicitly consider both the heterogeneous and dynamically changing characteristics of delay - sensitive applications and the underlying time - varying network conditions . we consider both the independently decodable data units ( dus , e . g . packets ) and the interdependent dus whose dependencies are captured by a directed ac ←
→ on face segmentation , face swapping , and face perception ; we show that even when face images are unconstrained and arbitrarily paired , face swapping between them is actually quite simple . to this end , we make the following contributions . ( a ) instead of tailoring systems for face segmentation , as others previously proposed , we show that a standard fully convolutional network ( fcn ) can achieve remarkably fast and accurate segmentations , provided that it is trained on a rich enough example set . for this purpo ←
→ solving pomdps by searching the space of finite policies ; solving partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) is highly intractable in general , at least in part because the optimal policy may be infinitely large . in this paper , we explore the problem of finding the optimal policy from a restricted set of policies , represented as finite state automata of a given size . this problem is also intractable , but we show that the complexity can be greatly reduced when the pomdp and / or policy are further ←
→ nationality classification using name embeddings ; nationality identification unlocks important demographic information , with many applications in biomedical and sociological research . existing name - based nationality classifiers use name substrings as features and are trained on small , unrepresentative sets of labeled names , typically extracted from wikipedia . as a result , these methods achieve limited performance and cannot support fine - grained classification . we exploit the phenomena of homophily in com ←
→ recommending the most encompassing opposing and endorsing arguments in debates ; arguments are essential objects in directdemocracyp2p , where they can occur both in association with signatures for petitions , or in association with other debated decisions , such as bug sorting by importance . the arguments of a signer on a given issue are grouped into one single justification , are classified by the type of signature ( e . g ., supporting or opposing ), and can be subject to various types of threading . given the ←
→ fluency over adequacy : a pilot study in measuring user trust in imperfect mt ; although measuring intrinsic quality has been a key factor in the advancement of machine translation ( mt ), successfully deploying mt requires considering not just intrinsic quality but also the user experience , including aspects such as trust . this work introduces a method of studying how users modulate their trust in an mt system after seeing errorful ( disfluent or inadequate ) output amidst good ( fluent and adequate ) output . w ←
→ accurate single stage detector using recurrent rolling convolution ; most of the recent successful methods in accurate object detection and localization used some variants of r - cnn style two stage convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) where plausible regions were proposed in the first stage then followed by a second stage for decision refinement . despite the simplicity of training and the efficiency in deployment , the single stage detection methods have not been as competitive when evaluated in benchmarks con ←
→ deep spiking networks ; we introduce an algorithm to do backpropagation on a spiking network . our network is " spiking " in the sense that our neurons accumulate their activation into a potential over time , and only send out a signal ( a " spike ") when this potential crosses a threshold and the neuron is reset . neurons only update their states when receiving signals from other neurons . total computation of the network thus scales with the number of spikes caused by an input rather than network size . we show tha ←
→ on the expressive power of unit resolution ; this preliminary report addresses the expressive power of unit resolution regarding input data encoded with partial truth assignments of propositional variables . a characterization of the functions that are computable in this way , which we propose to call propagatable functions , is given . by establishing that propagatable functions can also be computed using monotone circuits , we show that there exist polynomial time complexity propagable functions requiring an e ←
→ fifty shades of ratings : how to benefit from a negative feedback in top - n recommendations tasks ; conventional collaborative filtering techniques treat a top - n recommendations problem as a task of generating a list of the most relevant items . this formulation , however , disregards an opposite - avoiding recommendations with completely irrelevant items . due to that bias , standard algorithms , as well as commonly used evaluation metrics , become insensitive to negative feedback . in order to resolve this proble ←
→ k - anmi : a mutual information based clustering algorithm for categorical data ; clustering categorical data is an integral part of data mining and has attracted much attention recently . in this paper , we present k - anmi , a new efficient algorithm for clustering categorical data . the k - anmi algorithm works in a way that is similar to the popular k - means algorithm , and the goodness of clustering in each step is evaluated using a mutual information based criterion ( namely , average normalized mutual information ←
→ a fp - tree based approach for mining all strongly correlated pairs without candidate generation ; given a user - specified minimum correlation threshold and a transaction database , the problem of mining all - strong correlated pairs is to find all item pairs with pearson ' s correlation coefficients above the threshold . despite the use of upper bound based pruning technique in the taper algorithm [ 1 ], when the number of items and transactions are very large , candidate pair generation and test is still costly . t ←
→ preference fusion and condorcet ' s paradox under uncertainty ; facing an unknown situation , a person may not be able to firmly elicit his / her preferences over different alternatives , so he / she tends to express uncertain preferences . given a community of different persons expressing their preferences over certain alternatives under uncertainty , to get a collective representative opinion of the whole community , a preference fusion process is required . the aim of this work is to propose a preference fusion meth ←
→ a universal variance reduction - based catalyst for nonconvex low - rank matrix recovery ; we propose a generic framework based on a new stochastic variance - reduced gradient descent algorithm for accelerating nonconvex low - rank matrix recovery . starting from an appropriate initial estimator , our proposed algorithm performs projected gradient descent based on a novel semi - stochastic gradient specifically designed for low - rank matrix recovery . based upon the mild restricted strong convexity and smoothness condi ←
→ deep reinforcement learning with successor features for navigation across similar environments ; in this paper we consider the problem of robot navigation in simple maze - like environments where the robot has to rely on its onboard sensors to perform the navigation task . in particular , we are interested in solutions to this problem that do not require localization , mapping or planning . additionally , we require that our solution can quickly adapt to new situations ( e . g ., changing navigation goals and enviro ←
→ extracting low - dimensional dynamics from multiple large - scale neural population recordings by learning to predict correlations ; a powerful approach for understanding neural population dynamics is to extract low - dimensional trajectories from population recordings using dimensionality reduction methods . current approaches for dimensionality reduction on neural data are limited to single population recordings , and can not identify dynamics embedded across multiple measurements . we propose an approach for ex ←
→ dxnn platform : the shedding of biological inefficiencies ; this paper introduces a novel type of memetic algorithm based topology and weight evolving artificial neural network ( tweann ) system called dx neural network ( dxnn ). dxnn implements a number of interesting features , amongst which is : a simple and database friendly tuple based encoding method , a 2 phase neuroevolutionary approach aimed at removing the need for speciation due to its intrinsic population diversification effects , a new " targeted tuning ←
→ cloud - based evolutionary algorithms : an algorithmic study ; after a proof of concept using dropbox ( tm ), a free storage and synchronization service , showed that an evolutionary algorithm using several dissimilar computers connected via wifi or ethernet had a good scaling behavior in terms of evaluations per second , it remains to be proved whether that effect also translates to the algorithmic performance of the algorithm . in this paper we will check several different , and difficult , problems , and see what ef ←
→ neural machine translation with supervised attention ; the attention mechanisim is appealing for neural machine translation , since it is able to dynam - ically encode a source sentence by generating a alignment between a target word and source words . unfortunately , it has been proved to be worse than conventional alignment models in aligment accuracy . in this paper , we analyze and explain this issue from the point view of re - ordering , and propose a supervised attention which is learned with guidance from co ←
→ learning representative temporal features for action recognition ; in this paper , a novel video classification methodology is presented that aims to recognize different categories of third - person videos efficiently . the idea is to keep track of motion in videos by following optical flow elements over time . to classify the resulted motion time series efficiently , the idea is letting the machine to learn temporal features along the time dimension . this is done by training a multi - channel one dimensional convo ←
→ positive semidefinite metric learning using boosting - like algorithms ; the success of many machine learning and pattern recognition methods relies heavily upon the identification of an appropriate distance metric on the input data . it is often beneficial to learn such a metric from the input training data , instead of using a default one such as the euclidean distance . in this work , we propose a boosting - based technique , termed boostmetric , for learning a quadratic mahalanobis distance metric . learning a val ←
→ application of a hybrid bi - lstm - crf model to the task of russian named entity recognition ; named entity recognition ( ner ) is one of the most common tasks of the natural language processing . the purpose of ner is to find and classify tokens in text documents into predefined categories called tags , such as person names , quantity expressions , percentage expressions , names of locations , organizations , as well as expression of time , currency and others . although there is a number of approaches have been propo ←
→ online learning : beyond regret ; we study online learnability of a wide class of problems , extending the results of ( rakhlin , sridharan , tewari , 2010 ) to general notions of performance measure well beyond external regret . our framework simultaneously captures such well - known notions as internal and general phi - regret , learning with non - additive global cost functions , blackwell ' s approachability , calibration of forecasters , adaptive regret , and more . we show that learnability in all these situations is due t ←
→ named entity evolution recognition on the blogosphere ; advancements in technology and culture lead to changes in our language . these changes create a gap between the language known by users and the language stored in digital archives . it affects user ' s possibility to firstly find content and secondly interpret that content . in previous work we introduced our approach for named entity evolution recognition ~( neer ) in newspaper collections . lately , increasing efforts in web preservation lead to increased avai ←
→ end - to - end information extraction without token - level supervision ; most state - of - the - art information extraction approaches rely on token - level labels to find the areas of interest in text . unfortunately , these labels are time - consuming and costly to create , and consequently , not available for many real - life ie tasks . to make matters worse , token - level labels are usually not the desired output , but just an intermediary step . end - to - end ( e2e ) models , which take raw text as input and produce the desired outpu ←
→ representation learning and pairwise ranking for implicit feedback in recommendation systems ; in this paper , we propose a novel ranking framework for collaborative filtering with the overall aim of learning user preferences over items by minimizing a pairwise ranking loss . we show the minimization problem involves dependent random variables and provide a theoretical analysis by proving the consistency of the empirical risk minimization in the worst case where all users choose a minimal number of positive ←
→ redundancy techniques for straggler mitigation in distributed optimization and learning ; performance of distributed optimization and learning systems is bottlenecked by " straggler " nodes and slow communication links , which significantly delay computation . we propose a distributed optimization framework where the dataset is " encoded " to have an over - complete representation with built - in redundancy , and the straggling nodes in the system are dynamically left out of the computation at every iteration , whose ←
→ learning event representation : as sparse as possible , but not sparser ; selecting an optimal event representation is essential for event classification in real world contexts . in this paper , we investigate the application of qualitative spatial reasoning ( qsr ) frameworks for classification of human - object interaction in three dimensional space , in comparison with the use of quantitative feature extraction approaches for the same purpose . in particular , we modify qsrlib , a library that allows computation of ←
→ neural text generation : a practical guide ; deep learning methods have recently achieved great empirical success on machine translation , dialogue response generation , summarization , and other text generation tasks . at a high level , the technique has been to train end - to - end neural network models consisting of an encoder model to produce a hidden representation of the source text , followed by a decoder model to generate the target . while such models have significantly fewer pieces than earlier systems , signi ←
→ learning to communicate to solve riddles with deep distributed recurrent q - networks ; we propose deep distributed recurrent q - networks ( ddrqn ), which enable teams of agents to learn to solve communication - based coordination tasks . in these tasks , the agents are not given any pre - designed communication protocol . therefore , in order to successfully communicate , they must first automatically develop and agree upon their own communication protocol . we present empirical results on two multi - agent learning prob ←
→ automatic construction of chinese herbal prescription from tongue image via cnns and auxiliary latent therapy topics ; the tongue image is an important physical information of human , it is of great importance to the diagnosis and treatment in clinical medicine . herbal prescriptions are simple , noninvasive and low side effects , and are widely applied in china . researches on automatic construction technology of herbal prescription based on tongue image have great significance for deep learning to explore th ←
→ managing inconsistent intelligence ; in this paper we demonstrate that it is possible to manage intelligence in constant time as a pre - process to information fusion through a series of processes dealing with issues such as clustering reports , ranking reports with respect to importance , extraction of prototypes from clusters and immediate classification of newly arriving intelligence reports . these methods are used when intelligence reports arrive which concerns different events which should be handled indep ←
→ spatial and spectral quality evaluation based on edges regions of satellite image fusion ; the quality of image fusion is an essential determinant of the value of processing images fusion for many applications . spatial and spectral qualities are the two important indexes that used to evaluate the quality of any fused image . however , the jury is still out of fused image ' s benefits if it compared with its original images . in addition , there is a lack of measures for assessing the objective quality of the sp ←
→ online optimization methods for the quantification problem ; the estimation of class prevalence , i . e ., the fraction of a population that belongs to a certain class , is a very useful tool in data analytics and learning , and finds applications in many domains such as sentiment analysis , epidemiology , etc . for example , in sentiment analysis , the objective is often not to estimate whether a specific text conveys a positive or a negative sentiment , but rather estimate the overall distribution of positive and neg ←
→ sim - to - real optimization of complex real world mobile network with imperfect information via deep reinforcement learning from self - play ; mobile network that millions of people use every day is one of the most complex systems in real world . optimization of mobile network to meet exploding customer demand and reduce capex / opex poses greater challenges than in prior works . learning to solve complex problems in real world to benefit everyone and make the world better has long been ultimate goal of ai . howeve ←
→ graying the black box : understanding dqns ; in recent years there is a growing interest in using deep representations for reinforcement learning . in this paper , we present a methodology and tools to analyze deep q - networks ( dqns ) in a non - blind matter . moreover , we propose a new model , the semi aggregated markov decision process ( samdp ), and an algorithm that learns it automatically . the samdp model allows us to identify spatio - temporal abstractions directly from features and may be used as a sub - goal detec ←
→ neuron segmentation using deep complete bipartite networks ; in this paper , we consider the problem of automatically segmenting neuronal cells in dual - color confocal microscopy images . this problem is a key task in various quantitative analysis applications in neuroscience , such as tracing cell genesis in danio rerio ( zebrafish ) brains . deep learning , especially using fully convolutional networks ( fcn ), has profoundly changed segmentation research in biomedical imaging . we face two major challenges in this ←
→ eigennet : a bayesian hybrid of generative and conditional models for sparse learning ; it is a challenging task to select correlated variables in a high dimensional space . to address this challenge , the elastic net has been developed and successfully applied to many applications . despite its great success , the elastic net does not explicitly use correlation information embedded in data to select correlated variables . to overcome this limitation , we present a novel bayesian hybrid model , the eigennet , that ←
→ multimodal observation and interpretation of subjects engaged in problem solving ; in this paper we present the first results of a pilot experiment in the capture and interpretation of multimodal signals of human experts engaged in solving challenging chess problems . our goal is to investigate the extent to which observations of eye - gaze , posture , emotion and other physiological signals can be used to model the cognitive state of subjects , and to explore the integration of multiple sensor modalities to im ←
→ classifier risk estimation under limited labeling resources ; in this paper we propose strategies for estimating performance of a classifier when labels cannot be obtained for the whole test set . the number of test instances which can be labeled is very small compared to the whole test data size . the goal then is to obtain a precise estimate of classifier performance using as little labeling resource as possible . specifically , we try to answer , how to select a subset of the large test set for labeling such ←
→ cascade region proposal and global context for deep object detection ; deep region - based object detector consists of a region proposal step and a deep object recognition step . in this paper , we make significant improvements on both of the two steps . for region proposal we propose a novel lightweight cascade structure which can effectively improve rpn proposal quality . for object recognition we re - implement global context modeling with a few modications and obtain a performance boost ( 4 . 2 % map gain on the il ←
→ learning an interactive segmentation system ; many successful applications of computer vision to image or video manipulation are interactive by nature . however , parameters of such systems are often trained neglecting the user . traditionally , interactive systems have been treated in the same manner as their fully automatic counterparts . their performance is evaluated by computing the accuracy of their solutions under some fixed set of user interactions . this paper proposes a new evaluation and learning metho ←
→ boosting dictionary learning with error codes ; in conventional sparse representations based dictionary learning algorithms , initial dictionaries are generally assumed to be proper representatives of the system at hand . however , this may not be the case , especially in some systems restricted to random initializations . therefore , a supposedly optimal state - update based on such an improper model might lead to undesired effects that will be conveyed to successive iterations . in this paper , we propose a diction ←
→ subspace segmentation by successive approximations : a method for low - rank and high - rank data with missing entries ; we propose a method to reconstruct and cluster incomplete high - dimensional data lying in a union of low - dimensional subspaces . exploring the sparse representation model , we jointly estimate the missing data while imposing the intrinsic subspace structure . since we have a non - convex problem , we propose an iterative method to reconstruct the data and provide a sparse similarity affinity matrix ←
→ a generic framework for interesting subspace cluster detection in multi - attributed networks ; detection of interesting ( e . g ., coherent or anomalous ) clusters has been studied extensively on plain or univariate networks , with various applications . recently , algorithms have been extended to networks with multiple attributes for each node in the real - world . in a multi - attributed network , often , a cluster of nodes is only interesting for a subset ( subspace ) of attributes , and this type of clusters is called s ←
→ on the undecidability of fuzzy description logics with gcis with lukasiewicz t - norm ; recently there have been some unexpected results concerning fuzzy description logics ( fdls ) with general concept inclusions ( gcis ). they show that , unlike the classical case , the dl alc with gcis does not have the finite model property under lukasiewicz logic or product logic and , specifically , knowledge base satisfiability is an undecidable problem for product logic . we complete here the analysis by showing that knowled ←
→ cooperative multi - agent planning : a survey ; cooperative multi - agent planning ( map ) is a relatively recent research field that combines technologies , algorithms and techniques developed by the artificial intelligence planning and multi - agent systems communities . while planning has been generally treated as a single - agent task , map generalizes this concept by considering multiple intelligent agents that work cooperatively to develop a course of action that satisfies the goals of the group . this paper revie ←
→ computational and statistical tradeoffs in learning to rank ; for massive and heterogeneous modern datasets , it is of fundamental interest to provide guarantees on the accuracy of estimation when computational resources are limited . in the application of learning to rank , we provide a hierarchy of rank - breaking mechanisms ordered by the complexity in thus generated sketch of the data . this allows the number of data points collected to be gracefully traded off against computational resources available , while ←
→ linknet : exploiting encoder representations for efficient semantic segmentation ; pixel - wise semantic segmentation for visual scene understanding not only needs to be accurate , but also efficient in order to find any use in real - time application . existing algorithms even though are accurate but they do not focus on utilizing the parameters of neural network efficiently . as a result they are huge in terms of parameters and number of operations ; hence slow too . in this paper , we propose a novel deep neural ←
→ ashacl : alternative shapes constraint language ; ashacl , a variant of the w3c shapes constraint language , is designed to determine whether an rdf graph meets some conditions . these conditions are grouped into shapes , which validate whether particular rdf terms each meet the constraints of the shape . shapes are themselves expressed as rdf triples in an rdf graph , called a shapes graph .←
→ unsupervised adaptation of splda ; state - of - the - art speaker recognition relays on models that need a large amount of training data . this models are successful in tasks like nist sre because there is sufficient data available . however , in real applications , we usually do not have so much data and , in many cases , the speaker labels are unknown . we present a method to adapt a plda model from a domain with a large amount of labeled data to another with unlabeled data . we describe a generative model that produce ←
→ down - sampling coupled to elastic kernel machines for efficient recognition of isolated gestures ; in the field of gestural action recognition , many studies have focused on dimensionality reduction along the spatial axis , to reduce both the variability of gestural sequences expressed in the reduced space , and the computational complexity of their processing . it is noticeable that very few of these methods have explicitly addressed the dimensionality reduction along the time axis . this is however a major is ←
→ mrnet - product2vec : a multi - task recurrent neural network for product embeddings ; e - commerce websites such as amazon , alibaba , flipkart , and walmart sell billions of products . machine learning ( ml ) algorithms involving products are often used to improve the customer experience and increase revenue , e . g ., product similarity , recommendation , and price estimation . the products are required to be represented as features before training an ml algorithm . in this paper , we propose an approach called mrnet - produc ←
→ compressed dynamic mode decomposition for background modeling ; we introduce the method of compressed dynamic mode decomposition ( cdmd ) for background modeling . the dynamic mode decomposition ( dmd ) is a regression technique that integrates two of the leading data analysis methods in use today : fourier transforms and singular value decomposition . borrowing ideas from compressed sensing and matrix sketching , cdmd eases the computational workload of high resolution video processing . the key principal of cdmd i ←
→ classificatory sorites , probabilistic supervenience , and rule - making ; we view sorites in terms of stimuli acting upon a system and evoking this system ' s responses . supervenience of responses on stimuli implies that they either lack tolerance ( i . e ., they change in every vicinity of some of the stimuli ), or stimuli are not always connectable by finite chains of stimuli in which successive members are ` very similar '. if supervenience does not hold , the properties of tolerance and connectedness cannot be formu ←
→ on - line building energy optimization using deep reinforcement learning ; unprecedented high volumes of data are becoming available with the growth of the advanced metering infrastructure . these are expected to benefit planning and operation of the future power system , and to help the customers transition from a passive to an active role . in this paper , we explore for the first time in the smart grid context the benefits of using deep reinforcement learning , a hybrid type of methods that combines reinforceme ←
→ an ontology for satellite databases ; this paper demonstrates the development of ontology for satellite databases . first , i create a computational ontology for the union of concerned scientists ( ucs ) satellite database ( ucssd for short ), called the ucs satellite ontology ( or ucsso ). second , in developing ucsso i show that the space situational awareness ontology ( ssao ) ( rovetto and kelso 2016 )-- an existing space domain reference ontology -- and related ontology work by the author ( rovetto 2015 , 2016 ) can be u ←
→ optical flow in mostly rigid scenes ; the optical flow of natural scenes is a combination of the motion of the observer and the independent motion of objects . existing algorithms typically focus on either recovering motion and structure under the assumption of a purely static world or optical flow for general unconstrained scenes . we combine these approaches in an optical flow algorithm that estimates an explicit segmentation of moving objects from appearance and physical constraints . in static regions we t ←
→ symmetry in data mining and analysis : a unifying view based on hierarchy ; data analysis and data mining are concerned with unsupervised pattern finding and structure determination in data sets . the data sets themselves are explicitly linked as a form of representation to an observational or otherwise empirical domain of interest . " structure " has long been understood as symmetry which can take many forms with respect to any transformation , including point , translational , rotational , and many others . beginni ←
→ partitioned shape modeling with on - the - fly sparse appearance learning for anterior visual pathway segmentation ; mri quantification of cranial nerves such as anterior visual pathway ( avp ) in mri is challenging due to their thin small size , structural variation along its path , and adjacent anatomic structures . segmentation of pathologically abnormal optic nerve ( e . g . optic nerve glioma ) poses additional challenges due to changes in its shape at unpredictable locations . in this work , we propose a partitione ←
→ posterior dispersion indices ; probabilistic modeling is cyclical : we specify a model , infer its posterior , and evaluate its performance . evaluation drives the cycle , as we revise our model based on how it performs . this requires a metric . traditionally , predictive accuracy prevails . yet , predictive accuracy does not tell the whole story . we propose to evaluate a model through posterior dispersion . the idea is to analyze how each datapoint fares in relation to posterior uncertainty around the hidden structu ←
→ masklab : instance segmentation by refining object detection with semantic and direction features ; in this work , we tackle the problem of instance segmentation , the task of simultaneously solving object detection and semantic segmentation . towards this goal , we present a model , called masklab , which produces three outputs : box detection , semantic segmentation , and direction prediction . building on top of the faster - rcnn object detector , the predicted boxes provide accurate localization of object instances ←
→ unsupervised feature learning for audio analysis ; identifying acoustic events from a continuously streaming audio source is of interest for many applications including environmental monitoring for basic research . in this scenario neither different event classes are known nor what distinguishes one class from another . therefore , an unsupervised feature learning method for exploration of audio data is presented in this paper . it incorporates the two following novel contributions : first , an audio frame predic ←
→ a re - ranking model for dependency parser with recursive convolutional neural network ; in this work , we address the problem to model all the nodes ( words or phrases ) in a dependency tree with the dense representations . we propose a recursive convolutional neural network ( rcnn ) architecture to capture syntactic and compositional - semantic representations of phrases and words in a dependency tree . different with the original recursive neural network , we introduce the convolution and pooling layers , which can ←
→ improving the accuracy of the cognilearn system for cognitive behavior assessment ; htks is a game - like cognitive assessment method , designed for children between four and eight years of age . during the htks assessment , a child responds to a sequence of requests , such as " touch your head " or " touch your toes ". the cognitive challenge stems from the fact that the children are instructed to interpret these requests not literally , but by touching a different body part than the one stated . in prior work , we h ←
→ tunable online mus / mss enumeration ; in various areas of computer science , the problem of dealing with a set of constraints arises . if the set of constraints is unsatisfiable , one may ask for a minimal description of the reason for this unsatisifi - ability . minimal unsatisifable subsets ( muses ) and maximal satisifiable subsets ( msses ) are two kinds of such minimal descriptions . the goal of this work is the enumeration of muses and msses for a given constraint system . as such full enumeration may be intracta ←
→ navigation domain representation for interactive multiview imaging ; enabling users to interactively navigate through different viewpoints of a static scene is a new interesting functionality in 3d streaming systems . while it opens exciting perspectives towards rich multimedia applications , it requires the design of novel representations and coding techniques in order to solve the new challenges imposed by interactive navigation . interactivity clearly brings new design constraints : the encoder is unaware of ←
→ globally variance - constrained sparse representation for image set compression ; sparse representation presents an efficient approach to approximately recover a signal by the linear composition of a few bases from a learnt dictionary , based on which various successful applications have been observed . however , in the scenario of data compression , its efficiency and popularity are hindered due to the extra overhead for encoding the sparse coefficients . therefore , how to establish an accurate rate model in sp ←
→ a comment on argumentation ; we use the theory of defaults and their meaning of [ gs16 ] to develop ( the outline of a ) new theory of argumentation .←
→ constrained parametric proposals and pooling methods for semantic segmentation in rgb - d images ; we focus on the problem of semantic segmentation based on rgb - d data , with emphasis on analyzing cluttered indoor scenes containing many instances from many visual categories . our approach is based on a parametric figure - ground intensity and depth - constrained proposal process that generates spatial layout hypotheses at multiple locations and scales in the image followed by a sequential inference algorithm that ←
→ image tag completion by local learning ; the problem of tag completion is to learn the missing tags of an image . in this paper , we propose to learn a tag scoring vector for each image by local linear learning . a local linear function is used in the neighborhood of each image to predict the tag scoring vectors of its neighboring images . we construct a unified objective function for the learning of both tag scoring vectors and local linear function parame - ters . in the objective , we impose the learned tag sco ←
→ computational tradeoffs in biological neural networks : self - stabilizing winner - take - all networks ; we initiate a line of investigation into biological neural networks from an algorithmic perspective . we develop a simplified but biologically plausible model for distributed computation in stochastic spiking neural networks and study tradeoffs between computation time and network complexity in this model . our aim is to abstract real neural networks in a way that , while not capturing all interesting features ,←
→ vocabulary manipulation for neural machine translation ; in order to capture rich language phenomena , neural machine translation models have to use a large vocabulary size , which requires high computing time and large memory usage . in this paper , we alleviate this issue by introducing a sentence - level or batch - level vocabulary , which is only a very small sub - set of the full output vocabulary . for each sentence or batch , we only predict the target words in its sentence - level or batch - level vocabulary . thus , ←
→ a brief survey of deep reinforcement learning ; deep reinforcement learning is poised to revolutionise the field of ai and represents a step towards building autonomous systems with a higher level understanding of the visual world . currently , deep learning is enabling reinforcement learning to scale to problems that were previously intractable , such as learning to play video games directly from pixels . deep reinforcement learning algorithms are also applied to robotics , allowing control policies for robots ←
→ simultaneous deep transfer across domains and tasks ; recent reports suggest that a generic supervised deep cnn model trained on a large - scale dataset reduces , but does not remove , dataset bias . fine - tuning deep models in a new domain can require a significant amount of labeled data , which for many applications is simply not available . we propose a new cnn architecture to exploit unlabeled and sparsely labeled target domain data . our approach simultaneously optimizes for domain invariance to facilitate doma ←
→ generative face completion ; in this paper , we propose an effective face completion algorithm using a deep generative model . different from well - studied background completion , the face completion task is more challenging as it often requires to generate semantically new pixels for the missing key components ( e . g ., eyes and mouths ) that contain large appearance variations . unlike existing nonparametric algorithms that search for patches to synthesize , our algorithm directly generates contents for missing reg ←
→ meteorological time series forecasting based on mlp modelling using heterogeneous transfer functions ; in this paper , we propose to study four meteorological and seasonal time series coupled with a multi - layer perceptron ( mlp ) modeling . we chose to combine two transfer functions for the nodes of the hidden layer , and to use a temporal indicator ( time index as input ) in order to take into account the seasonal aspect of the studied time series . the results of the prediction concern two years of measurements ←
→ information - maximization clustering based on squared - loss mutual information ; information - maximization clustering learns a probabilistic classifier in an unsupervised manner so that mutual information between feature vectors and cluster assignments is maximized . a notable advantage of this approach is that it only involves continuous optimization of model parameters , which is substantially easier to solve than discrete optimization of cluster assignments . however , existing methods still involve non - conve ←
→ hide - and - seek : forcing a network to be meticulous for weakly - supervised object and action localization ; we propose ` hide - and - seek ', a weakly - supervised framework that aims to improve object localization in images and action localization in videos . most existing weakly - supervised methods localize only the most discriminative parts of an object rather than all relevant parts , which leads to suboptimal performance . our key idea is to hide patches in a training image randomly , forcing the network to seek oth ←
→ an abductive framework for horn knowledge base dynamics ; the dynamics of belief and knowledge is one of the major components of any autonomous system that should be able to incorporate new pieces of information . we introduced the horn knowledge base dynamics to deal with two important points : first , to handle belief states that need not be deductively closed ; and the second point is the ability to declare certain parts of the belief as immutable . in this paper , we address another , radically new approach to ←
→ automatic liver segmentation using an adversarial image - to - image network ; automatic liver segmentation in 3d medical images is essential in many clinical applications , such as pathological diagnosis of hepatic diseases , surgical planning , and postoperative assessment . however , it is still a very challenging task due to the complex background , fuzzy boundary , and various appearance of liver . in this paper , we propose an automatic and efficient algorithm to segment liver from 3d ct volumes . a deep image - to - i ←
→ evaluating graph signal processing for neuroimaging through classification and dimensionality reduction ; graph signal processing ( gsp ) is a promising framework to analyze multi - dimensional neuroimaging datasets , while taking into account both the spatial and functional dependencies between brain signals . in the present work , we apply dimensionality reduction techniques based on graph representations of the brain to decode brain activity from real and simulated fmri datasets . we introduce seven graphs obt ←
→ altaltp : online parallelization of plans with heuristic state search ; despite their near dominance , heuristic state search planners still lag behind disjunctive planners in the generation of parallel plans in classical planning . the reason is that directly searching for parallel solutions in state space planners would require the planners to branch on all possible subsets of parallel actions , thus increasing the branching factor exponentially . we present a variant of our heuristic state search planner alta ←
→ markov decision processes with continuous side information ; we consider a reinforcement learning ( rl ) setting in which the agent interacts with a sequence of episodic mdps . at the start of each episode the agent has access to some side - information or context that determines the dynamics of the mdp for that episode . our setting is motivated by applications in healthcare where baseline measurements of a patient at the start of a treatment episode form the context that may provide information about how the pa ←
→ practical inventory routing : a problem definition and an optimization method ; the global objective of this work is to provide practical optimization methods to companies involved in inventory routing problems , taking into account this new type of data . also , companies are sometimes not able to deal with changing plans every period and would like to adopt regular structures for serving customers .←
→ sparse subspace clustering : algorithm , theory , and applications ; in many real - world problems , we are dealing with collections of high - dimensional data , such as images , videos , text and web documents , dna microarray data , and more . often , high - dimensional data lie close to low - dimensional structures corresponding to several classes or categories the data belongs to . in this paper , we propose and study an algorithm , called sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ), to cluster data points that lie in a union of low - di ←
→ easy hyperparameter search using optunity ; optunity is a free software package dedicated to hyperparameter optimization . it contains various types of solvers , ranging from undirected methods to direct search , particle swarm and evolutionary optimization . the design focuses on ease of use , flexibility , code clarity and interoperability with existing software in all machine learning environments . optunity is written in python and contains interfaces to environments such as r and matlab . optunity uses a bsd l ←
→ clustering is efficient for approximate maximum inner product search ; efficient maximum inner product search ( mips ) is an important task that has a wide applicability in recommendation systems and classification with a large number of classes . solutions based on locality - sensitive hashing ( lsh ) as well as tree - based solutions have been investigated in the recent literature , to perform approximate mips in sublinear time . in this paper , we compare these to another extremely simple approach for solving approx ←
→ phylogeny and geometry of languages from normalized levenshtein distance ; the idea that the distance among pairs of languages can be evaluated from lexical differences seems to have its roots in the work of the french explorer dumont d ' urville . he collected comparative words lists of various languages during his voyages aboard the astrolabe from 1826 to 1829 and , in his work about the geographical division of the pacific , he proposed a method to measure the degree of relation between languages . the metho ←
→ non - stationary stochastic optimization with local spatial and temporal changes ; we consider a non - stationary sequential stochastic optimization problem , in which the underlying cost functions change over time under a variation budget constraint . we propose an $ l_ { p , q }$- variation functional to quantify the change , which captures local spatial and temporal variations of the sequence of functions . under the $ l_ { p , q }$- variation functional constraint , we derive both upper and matching lower regret bounds for ←
→ genetic algorithm implementation for effective document subject search ; this paper describes the software implementation of genetic algorithm for identifying and selecting most relevant results received during sequentially executed subject search operations . simulated evolutionary process generates sustainable and effective population of search queries , forms search pattern of documents or semantic core , creates relevant sets of required documents , allows automatic classification of search results . the pap ←
→ a parallel memetic algorithm to solve the vehicle routing problem with time windows ; this paper presents a parallel memetic algorithm for solving the vehicle routing problem with time windows ( vrptw ). the vrptw is a well - known np - hard discrete optimization problem with two objectives . the main objective is to minimize the number of vehicles serving customers scattered on the map , and the second one is to minimize the total distance traveled by the vehicles . here , the fleet size is minimized in the first ←
→ joint 2d - 3d - semantic data for indoor scene understanding ; we present a dataset of large - scale indoor spaces that provides a variety of mutually registered modalities from 2d , 2 . 5d and 3d domains , with instance - level semantic and geometric annotations . the dataset covers over 6 , 000m2 and contains over 70 , 000 rgb images , along with the corresponding depths , surface normals , semantic annotations , global xyz images ( all in forms of both regular and 360 {\ deg } equirectangular images ) as well as camera informatio ←
→ structured best arm identification with fixed confidence ; we study the problem of identifying the best action among a set of possible options when the value of each action is given by a mapping from a number of noisy micro - observables in the so - called fixed confidence setting . our main motivation is the application to the minimax game search , which has been a major topic of interest in artificial intelligence . in this paper we introduce an abstract setting to clearly describe the essential properties of th ←
→ entropy computation of document images in run - length compressed domain ; compression of documents , images , audios and videos have been traditionally practiced to increase the efficiency of data storage and transfer . however , in order to process or carry out any analytical computations , decompression has become an unavoidable pre - requisite . in this research work , we have attempted to compute the entropy , which is an important document analytic directly from the compressed documents . we use conventional entro ←
→ symbols of a cosmic order ; the world runs on communicated sequences of symbols , e . g . numerals . examining both engineered and natural communications networks reveals an unsuspected order that depends on contact with an unpredictable entity . this order has three roots . the first is a proof within quantum theory that no evidence can ever determine its explanation , so that an agent choosing an explanation must do so unpredictably . the second root is the showing that clocks that step computers do not " tell time ←
→ solving a mathematical problem in square war : a go - like board game ; in this paper , we present a board game : square war . the game definition of square war is similar to the classic chinese board game go . then we propose a mathematical problem of the game square war . finally , we show that the problem can be solved by using a method of mixed mathematics and computer science .←
→ mobirnn : efficient recurrent neural network execution on mobile gpu ; in this paper , we explore optimizations to run recurrent neural network ( rnn ) models locally on mobile devices . rnn models are widely used for natural language processing , machine translation , and other tasks . however , existing mobile applications that use rnn models do so on the cloud . to address privacy and efficiency concerns , we show how rnn models can be run locally on mobile devices . existing work on porting deep learning models to ←
→ the multiverse loss for robust transfer learning ; deep learning techniques are renowned for supporting effective transfer learning . however , as we demonstrate , the transferred representations support only a few modes of separation and much of its dimensionality is unutilized . in this work , we suggest to learn , in the source domain , multiple orthogonal classifiers . we prove that this leads to a reduced rank representation , which , however , supports more discriminative directions . interestingly , the softmax p ←
→ towards score following in sheet music images ; this paper addresses the matching of short music audio snippets to the corresponding pixel location in images of sheet music . a system is presented that simultaneously learns to read notes , listens to music and matches the currently played music to its corresponding notes in the sheet . it consists of an end - to - end multi - modal convolutional neural network that takes as input images of sheet music and spectrograms of the respective audio snippets . it learns to p ←
→ enhancing feature tracking with gyro regularization ; we present a deeply integrated method of exploiting low - cost gyroscopes to improve general purpose feature tracking . most previous methods use gyroscopes to initialize and bound the search for features . in contrast , we use them to regularize the tracking energy function so that they can directly assist in the tracking of ambiguous and poor - quality features . we demonstrate that our simple technique offers significant improvements in performance over conve ←
→ characterization of dynamic bayesian network ; in this report , we will be interested at dynamic bayesian network ( dbns ) as a model that tries to incorporate temporal dimension with uncertainty . we start with basics of dbn where we especially focus in inference and learning concepts and algorithms . then we will present different levels and methods of creating dbns as well as approaches of incorporating temporal dimension in static bayesian network .←
→ a sparse and adaptive prior for time - dependent model parameters ; we consider the scenario where the parameters of a probabilistic model are expected to vary over time . we construct a novel prior distribution that promotes sparsity and adapts the strength of correlation between parameters at successive timesteps , based on the data . we derive approximate variational inference procedures for learning and prediction with this prior . we test the approach on two tasks : forecasting financial quantities from relev ←
→ proceedings of the 2016 icml workshop on # data4good : machine learning in social good applications ; this is the proceedings of the icml workshop on # data4good : machine learning in social good applications , which was held on june 24 , 2016 in new york .←
→ crowdsourcing question - answer meaning representations ; we introduce question - answer meaning representations ( qamrs ), which represent the predicate - argument structure of a sentence as a set of question - answer pairs . we also develop a crowdsourcing scheme to show that qamrs can be labeled with very little training , and gather a dataset with over 5 , 000 sentences and 100 , 000 questions . a detailed qualitative analysis demonstrates that the crowd - generated question - answer pairs cover the vast majority of predica ←
→ can maxout units downsize restoration networks ? - single image super - resolution using lightweight cnn with maxout units ; rectified linear units ( relu ) are well - known to be helpful in obtaining faster convergence and thus higher performance for many deep - learning - based applications . however , networks with relu tend to perform poorly when the number of filter parameters is constrained to a small number . to overcome it , in this paper , we propose a novel network utilizing maxout units ( mu ), and show its effe ←
→ an evolution strategy approach toward rule - set generation for network intrusion detection systems ( ids ) ; with the increasing number of intrusions in system and network infrastructures , intrusion detection systems ( ids ) have become an active area of research to develop reliable and effective solutions to detect and counter them . the use of evolutionary algorithms in ids has proved its maturity over the times . although most of the research works have been based on the use of genetic algorithms in ids , this ←
→ decision making with interval influence diagrams ; in previous work ( fertig and breese , 1989 ; fertig and breese , 1990 ) we defined a mechanism for performing probabilistic reasoning in influence diagrams using interval rather than point - valued probabilities . in this paper we extend these procedures to incorporate decision nodes and interval - valued value functions in the diagram . we derive the procedures for chance node removal ( calculating expected value ) and decision node removal ( optimization ) in influence ←
→ mapping big data into knowledge space with cognitive cyber - infrastructure ; big data research has attracted great attention in science , technology , industry and society . it is developing with the evolving scientific paradigm , the fourth industrial revolution , and the transformational innovation of technologies . however , its nature and fundamental challenge have not been recognized , and its own methodology has not been formed . this paper explores and answers the following questions : what is big data ? what ←
→ demonstration of topological data analysis on a quantum processor ; topological data analysis offers a robust way to extract useful information from noisy , unstructured data by identifying its underlying structure . recently , an efficient quantum algorithm was proposed [ lloyd , garnerone , zanardi , nat . commun . 7 , 10138 ( 2016 )] for calculating betti numbers of data points -- topological features that count the number of topological holes of various dimensions in a scatterplot . here , we implement a proof - of - pri ←
→ verification of semantically - enhanced artifact systems ( extended version ) ; artifact - centric systems have emerged in the last years as a suitable framework to model business - relevant entities , by combining their static and dynamic aspects . in particular , the guard - stage - milestone ( gsm ) approach has been recently proposed to model artifacts and their lifecycle in a declarative way . in this paper , we enhance gsm with a semantic layer , constituted by a full - fledged owl 2 ql ontology linked to the artifact in ←
→ the birth of collective memories : analyzing emerging entities in text streams ; we study how collective memories are formed online . we do so by tracking entities that emerge in public discourse , that is , in online text streams such as social media and news streams , before they are incorporated into wikipedia , which , we argue , can be viewed as an online place for collective memory . by tracking how entities emerge in public discourse , i . e ., the temporal patterns between their first mention in online text st ←
→ dense human body correspondences using convolutional networks ; we propose a deep learning approach for finding dense correspondences between 3d scans of people . our method requires only partial geometric information in the form of two depth maps or partial reconstructed surfaces , works for humans in arbitrary poses and wearing any clothing , does not require the two people to be scanned from similar viewpoints , and runs in real time . we use a deep convolutional neural network to train a feature descriptor o ←
→ hyperparameter transfer learning through surrogate alignment for efficient deep neural network training ; recently , several optimization methods have been successfully applied to the hyperparameter optimization of deep neural networks ( dnns ). the methods work by modeling the joint distribution of hyperparameter values and corresponding error . those methods become less practical when applied to modern dnns whose training may take a few days and thus one cannot collect sufficient observations to accurately ←
→ locating tables in scanned documents for reconstructing and republishing ( iciafs14 ) ; pool of knowledge available to the mankind depends on the source of learning resources , which can vary from ancient printed documents to present electronic material . the rapid conversion of material available in traditional libraries to digital form needs a significant amount of work if we are to maintain the format and the look of the electronic documents as same as their printed counterparts . most of the printed docume ←
→ fastsubs : an efficient and exact procedure for finding the most likely lexical substitutes based on an n - gram language model ; lexical substitutes have found use in areas such as paraphrasing , text simplification , machine translation , word sense disambiguation , and part of speech induction . however the computational complexity of accurately identifying the most likely substitutes for a word has made large scale experiments difficult . in this paper i introduce a new search algorithm , fastsubs , that is guar ←
→ inertial regularization and selection ( irs ): sequential regression in high - dimension and sparsity ; in this paper , we develop a new sequential regression modeling approach for data streams . data streams are commonly found around us , e . g in a retail enterprise sales data is continuously collected every day . a demand forecasting model is an important outcome from the data that needs to be continuously updated with the new incoming data . the main challenge in such modeling arises when there is a ) high dimens ←
→ scale - regularized filter learning ; we start out by demonstrating that an elementary learning task , corresponding to the training of a single linear neuron in a convolutional neural network , can be solved for feature spaces of very high dimensionality . in a second step , acknowledging that such high - dimensional learning tasks typically benefit from some form of regularization and arguing that the problem of scale has not been taken care of in a very satisfactory manner , we come to a combined resolution of bo ←
→ semi - supervised generation with cluster - aware generative models ; deep generative models trained with large amounts of unlabelled data have proven to be powerful within the domain of unsupervised learning . many real life data sets contain a small amount of labelled data points , that are typically disregarded when training generative models . we propose the cluster - aware generative model , that uses unlabelled information to infer a latent representation that models the natural clustering of the data , and addi ←
→ convolutional neural network - based regression for depth prediction in digital holography ; digital holography enables us to reconstruct objects in three - dimensional space from holograms captured by an imaging device . for the reconstruction , we need to know the depth position of the recoded object in advance . in this study , we propose depth prediction using convolutional neural network ( cnn )- based regression . in the previous researches , the depth of an object was estimated through reconstructed images at d ←
→ a java implementation of the sga , umda , ecga , and hboa ; the simple genetic algorithm , the univariate marginal distribution algorithm , the extended compact genetic algorithm , and the hierarchical bayesian optimization algorithm are all well known evolutionary algorithms . in this report we present a java implementation of these four algorithms with detailed instructions on how to use each of them to solve a given set of optimization problems . additionally , it is explained how to implement and integrate new ←
→ on deterministic sampling patterns for robust low - rank matrix completion ; in this letter , we study the deterministic sampling patterns for the completion of low rank matrix , when corrupted with a sparse noise , also known as robust matrix completion . we extend the recent results on the deterministic sampling patterns in the absence of noise based on the geometric analysis on the grassmannian manifold . a special case where each column has a certain number of noisy entries is considered , where our probabilist ←
→ deep and confident prediction for time series at uber ; reliable uncertainty estimation for time series prediction is critical in many fields , including physics , biology , and manufacturing . at uber , probabilistic time series forecasting is used for robust prediction of number of trips during special events , driver incentive allocation , as well as real - time anomaly detection across millions of metrics . classical time series models are often used in conjunction with a probabilistic formulation for uncertainty ←
→ label efficient learning of transferable representations across domains and tasks ; we propose a framework that learns a representation transferable across different domains and tasks in a label efficient manner . our approach battles domain shift with a domain adversarial loss , and generalizes the embedding to novel task using a metric learning - based approach . our model is simultaneously optimized on labeled source data and unlabeled or sparsely labeled data in the target domain . our method shows compelli ←
→ spectral classification using restricted boltzmann machine ; in this study , a novel machine learning algorithm , restricted boltzmann machine ( rbm ), is introduced . the algorithm is applied for the spectral classification in astronomy . rbm is a bipartite generative graphical model with two separate layers ( one visible layer and one hidden layer ), which can extract higher level features to represent the original data . despite generative , rbm can be used for classification when modified with a free energy and a ←
→ omg u got flu ? analysis of shared health messages for bio - surveillance ; background : micro - blogging services such as twitter offer the potential to crowdsource epidemics in real - time . however , twitter posts (' tweets ') are often ambiguous and reactive to media trends . in order to ground user messages in epidemic response we focused on tracking reports of self - protective behaviour such as avoiding public gatherings or increased sanitation as the basis for further risk analysis . results : we created guidelines ←
→ subspace - induced gaussian processes ; we present a new gaussian process ( gp ) regression model where the covariance kernel is indexed or parameterized by a sufficient dimension reduction subspace of a reproducing kernel hilbert space . the covariance kernel will be low - rank while capturing the statistical dependency of the response to the covariates , this affords significant improvement in computational efficiency as well as potential reduction in the variance of predictions . we develop a fast expectation - max ←
→ jeffrey ' s prior sampling of deep sigmoidal networks ; neural networks have been shown to have a remarkable ability to uncover low dimensional structure in data : the space of possible reconstructed images form a reduced model manifold in image space . we explore this idea directly by analyzing the manifold learned by deep belief networks and stacked denoising autoencoders using monte carlo sampling . the model manifold forms an only slightly elongated hyperball with actual reconstructed data appearing predomin ←
→ evolutionary computation plus dynamic programming for the bi - objective travelling thief problem ; this research proposes a novel indicator - based hybrid evolutionary approach that combines approximate and exact algorithms . we apply it to a new bi - criteria formulation of the travelling thief problem , which is known to the evolutionary computation community as a benchmark multi - component optimisation problem that interconnects two classical np - hard problems : the travelling salesman problem and the 0 - 1 knapsa ←
→ interpretable charge predictions for criminal cases : learning to generate court views from fact descriptions ; in this paper , we propose to study the problem of court view generation from the fact description in a criminal case . the task aims to improve the interpretability of charge prediction systems and help automatic legal document generation . we formulate this task as a text - to - text natural language generation ( nlg ) problem . sequenceto - sequence model has achieved cutting - edge performances in many nlg ←
→ hashing algorithms for large - scale learning ; in this paper , we first demonstrate that b - bit minwise hashing , whose estimators are positive definite kernels , can be naturally integrated with learning algorithms such as svm and logistic regression . we adopt a simple scheme to transform the nonlinear ( resemblance ) kernel into linear ( inner product ) kernel ; and hence large - scale problems can be solved extremely efficiently . our method provides a simple effective solution to large - scale learning in massive and ←
→ approaches for sentiment analysis on twitter : a state - of - art study ; microbloging is an extremely prevalent broadcast medium amidst the internet fraternity these days . people share their opinions and sentiments about variety of subjects like products , news , institutions , etc ., every day on microbloging websites . sentiment analysis plays a key role in prediction systems , opinion mining systems , etc . twitter , one of the microbloging platforms allows a limit of 140 characters to its users . this restriction sti ←
→ a feature embedding strategy for high - level cnn representations from multiple convnets ; following the rapidly growing digital image usage , automatic image categorization has become preeminent research area . it has broaden and adopted many algorithms from time to time , whereby multi - feature ( generally , hand - engineered features ) based image characterization comes handy to improve accuracy . recently , in machine learning , pre - trained deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns or convnets ) have been that the f ←
→ scale - aware fast r - cnn for pedestrian detection ; in this work , we consider the problem of pedestrian detection in natural scenes . intuitively , instances of pedestrians with different spatial scales may exhibit dramatically different features . thus , large variance in instance scales , which results in undesirable large intra - category variance in features , may severely hurt the performance of modern object instance detection methods . we argue that this issue can be substantially alleviated by the divide - and - c ←
→ a new hedging algorithm and its application to inferring latent random variables ; we present a new online learning algorithm for cumulative discounted gain . this learning algorithm does not use exponential weights on the experts . instead , it uses a weighting scheme that depends on the regret of the master algorithm relative to the experts . in particular , experts whose discounted cumulative gain is smaller ( worse ) than that of the master algorithm receive zero weight . we also sketch how a regret - based alg ←
→ optimization of the jaccard index for image segmentation with the lovász hinge ; the jaccard loss , commonly referred to as the intersection - over - union loss , is commonly employed in the evaluation of segmentation quality due to its better perceptual quality and scale invariance , which lends appropriate relevance to small objects compared with per - pixel losses . we present a method for direct optimization of the per - image intersection - over - union loss in neural networks , in the context of semantic image segme ←
→ real - time face swapping as a tool for understanding infant self - recognition ; to study the preference of infants for contingency of movements and familiarity of faces during self - recognition task , we built , as an accurate and instantaneous imitator , a real - time face - swapper for videos . we present a non - constraint face - swapper based on 3d visual tracking that achieves real - time performance through parallel computing . our imitator system is par - ticularly suited for experiments involving children with auti ←
→ predicting user actions in software processes ; this paper describes an approach for user ( e . g . sw architect ) assisting in software processes . the approach observes the user ' s action and tries to predict his next step . for this we use approaches in the area of machine learning ( sequence learning ) and adopt these for the use in software processes . keywords : software engineering , software process description languages , software processes , machine learning , sequence prediction ←
→ scalable gaussian processes with billions of inducing inputs via tensor train decomposition ; we propose a method ( tt - gp ) for approximate inference in gaussian process ( gp ) models . we build on previous scalable gp research including stochastic variational inference based on inducing inputs , kernel interpolation , and structure exploiting algebra . the key idea of our method is to use tensor train decomposition for variational parameters , which allows us to train gps with billions of inducing inputs and achi ←
→ incremental cardinality constraints for maxsat ; maximum satisfiability ( maxsat ) is an optimization variant of the boolean satisfiability ( sat ) problem . in general , maxsat algorithms perform a succession of sat solver calls to reach an optimum solution making extensive use of cardinality constraints . many of these algorithms are non - incremental in nature , i . e . at each iteration the formula is rebuilt and no knowledge is reused from one iteration to another . in this paper , we exploit the knowledge acquired a ←
→ learning with correntropy - induced losses for regression with mixture of symmetric stable noise ; in recent years , correntropy and its applications in machine learning have been drawing continuous attention owing to its merits in dealing with non - gaussian noise and outliers . however , theoretical understanding of correntropy , especially in the statistical learning context , is still limited . in this study , within the statistical learning framework , we investigate correntropy based regression in the presence ←
→ a state - space approach to dynamic nonnegative matrix factorization ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) has been actively investigated and used in a wide range of problems in the past decade . a significant amount of attention has been given to develop nmf algorithms that are suitable to model time series with strong temporal dependencies . in this paper , we propose a novel state - space approach to perform dynamic nmf ( d - nmf ). in the proposed probabilistic framework , the nmf coefficients act as the state v ←
→ scalable planning and learning for multiagent pomdps : extended version ; online , sample - based planning algorithms for pomdps have shown great promise in scaling to problems with large state spaces , but they become intractable for large action and observation spaces . this is particularly problematic in multiagent pomdps where the action and observation space grows exponentially with the number of agents . to combat this intractability , we propose a novel scalable approach based on sample - based planning and fa ←
→ horizon - independent optimal prediction with log - loss in exponential families ; we study online learning under logarithmic loss with regular parametric models . hedayati and bartlett ( 2012b ) showed that a bayesian prediction strategy with jeffreys prior and sequential normalized maximum likelihood ( snml ) coincide and are optimal if and only if the latter is exchangeable , and if and only if the optimal strategy can be calculated without knowing the time horizon in advance . they put forward the question what ←
→ abc reinforcement learning ; this paper introduces a simple , general framework for likelihood - free bayesian reinforcement learning , through approximate bayesian computation ( abc ). the main advantage is that we only require a prior distribution on a class of simulators ( generative models ). this is useful in domains where an analytical probabilistic model of the underlying process is too complex to formulate , but where detailed simulation models are available . abc - rl allows the use of any bayesian reinforceme ←
→ untangling local and global deformations in deep convolutional networks for image classification and sliding window detection ; deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) commonly use generic ` max - pooling ' ( mp ) layers to extract deformation - invariant features , but we argue in favor of a more refined treatment . first , we introduce epitomic convolution as a building block alternative to the common convolution - mp cascade of dcnns ; while having identical complexity to mp , epitomic convolution allows for param ←
→ proceedings of the twenty - fourth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 2008 ) ; this is the proceedings of the twenty - fourth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in helsinki , finland , july 9 - 12 2008 .←
→ ku - ispl language recognition system for nist 2015 i - vector machine learning challenge ; in language recognition , the task of rejecting / differentiating closely spaced versus acoustically far spaced languages remains a major challenge . for confusable closely spaced languages , the system needs longer input test duration material to obtain sufficient information to distinguish between languages . alternatively , if languages are distinct and not acoustically / linguistically similar to others , duration is not a s ←
→ role of interestingness measures in car rule ordering for associative classifier : an empirical approach ; associative classifier is a novel technique which is the integration of association rule mining and classification . the difficult task in building associative classifier model is the selection of relevant rules from a large number of class association rules ( cars ). a very popular method of ordering rules for selection is based on confidence , support and antecedent size ( csa ). other methods are based o ←
→ deep tamer : interactive agent shaping in high - dimensional state spaces ; while recent advances in deep reinforcement learning have allowed autonomous learning agents to succeed at a variety of complex tasks , existing algorithms generally require a lot of training data . one way to increase the speed at which agents are able to learn to perform tasks is by leveraging the input of human trainers . although such input can take many forms , real - time , scalar - valued feedback is especially useful in situations where ←
→ actor - critic for linearly - solvable continuous mdp with partially known dynamics ; in many robotic applications , some aspects of the system dynamics can be modeled accurately while others are difficult to obtain or model . we present a novel reinforcement learning ( rl ) method for continuous state and action spaces that learns with partial knowledge of the system and without active exploration . it solves linearly - solvable markov decision processes ( l - mdps ), which are well suited for continuous state and acti ←
→ multi - sensor fusion via reduction of dimensionality ; large high - dimensional datasets are becoming more and more popular in an increasing number of research areas . processing the high dimensional data incurs a high computational cost and is inherently inefficient since many of the values that describe a data object are redundant due to noise and inner correlations . consequently , the dimensionality , i . e . the number of values that are used to describe a data object , needs to be reduced prior to any other proc ←
→ enhanced random forest with image / patch - level learning for image understanding ; image understanding is an important research domain in the computer vision due to its wide real - world applications . for an image understanding framework that uses the bag - of - words model representation , the visual codebook is an essential part . random forest ( rf ) as a tree - structure discriminative codebook has been a popular choice . however , the performance of the rf can be degraded if the local patch labels are poorly assigne ←
→ using sentence plausibility to learn the semantics of transitive verbs ; the functional approach to compositional distributional semantics considers transitive verbs to be linear maps that transform the distributional vectors representing nouns into a vector representing a sentence . we conduct an initial investigation that uses a matrix consisting of the parameters of a logistic regression classifier trained on a plausibility task as a transitive verb function . we compare our method to a commonly used corpu ←
→ the role of cnl and amr in scalable abstractive summarization for multilingual media monitoring ; in the era of big data and deep learning , there is a common view that machine learning approaches are the only way to cope with the robust and scalable information extraction and summarization . it has been recently proposed that the cnl approach could be scaled up , building on the concept of embedded cnl and , thus , allowing for cnl - based information extraction from e . g . normative or medical texts that are rat ←
→ categorizing variants of goodhart ' s law ; there are several distinct failure modes for overoptimization of systems on the basis of metrics . this occurs when a metric which can be used to improve a system is used to an extent that further optimization is ineffective or harmful , and is sometimes termed goodhart ' s law . this class of failure is often poorly understood , partly because terminology for discussing them is ambiguous , and partly because discussion using this ambiguous terminology ignores distinctions ←
→ north atlantic right whale contact call detection ; the north atlantic right whale ( eubalaena glacialis ) is an endangered species . these whales continuously suffer from deadly vessel impacts alongside the eastern coast of north america . there have been countless efforts to save the remaining 350 - 400 of them . one of the most prominent works is done by marinexplore and cornell university . a system of hydrophones linked to satellite connected - buoys has been deployed in the whales habitat . these hydrophones r ←
→ fusing bird view lidar point cloud and front view camera image for deep object detection ; we propose a new method for fusing a lidar point cloud and camera - captured images in the deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ). the proposed method constructs a new layer called non - homogeneous pooling layer to transform features between bird view map and front view map . the sparse lidar point cloud is used to construct the mapping between the two maps . the pooling layer allows efficient fusion of the bird view an ←
→ video pixel networks ; we propose a probabilistic video model , the video pixel network ( vpn ), that estimates the discrete joint distribution of the raw pixel values in a video . the model and the neural architecture reflect the time , space and color structure of video tensors and encode it as a four - dimensional dependency chain . the vpn approaches the best possible performance on the moving mnist benchmark , a leap over the previous state of the art , and the generated videos show only minor deviations from th ←
→ improving word vector with prior knowledge in semantic dictionary ; using low dimensional vector space to represent words has been very effective in many nlp tasks . however , it doesn ' t work well when faced with the problem of rare and unseen words . in this paper , we propose to leverage the knowledge in semantic dictionary in combination with some morphological information to build an enhanced vector space . we get an improvement of 2 . 3 % over the state - of - the - art heidel time system in temporal expression reco ←
→ parcellation of fmri datasets with ica and pls - a data driven approach ; inter - subject parcellation of functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) data based on a standard general linear model ( glm ) and spectral clustering was recently proposed as a means to alleviate the issues associated with spatial normalization in fmri . however , for all its appeal , a glm - based parcellation approach introduces its own biases , in the form of a priori knowledge about the shape of hemodynamic response function ( hrf ) and tas ←
→ inductive hashing on manifolds ; learning based hashing methods have attracted considerable attention due to their ability to greatly increase the scale at which existing algorithms may operate . most of these methods are designed to generate binary codes that preserve the euclidean distance in the original space . manifold learning techniques , in contrast , are better able to model the intrinsic structure embedded in the original high - dimensional data . the complexity of these models , and the problems with out ←
→ found a good match : should i keep searching ? - accuracy and performance in iris matching using 1 - to - first search ; iris recognition is used in many applications around the world , with enrollment sizes as large as over one billion persons in india ' s aadhaar program . large enrollment sizes can require special optimizations in order to achieve fast database searches . one such optimization that has been used in some operational scenarios is 1 : first search . in this approach , instead of scanning the entire data ←
→ online adaptive hidden markov model for multi - tracker fusion ; in this paper , we propose a novel method for visual object tracking called hmmtxd . the method fuses observations from complementary out - of - the box trackers and a detector by utilizing a hidden markov model whose latent states correspond to a binary vector expressing the failure of individual trackers . the markov model is trained in an unsupervised way , relying on an online learned detector to provide a source of tracker - independent information f ←
→ boosting neural machine translation ; training efficiency is one of the main problems for neural machine translation ( nmt ). deep networks need for very large data as well as many training iterations to achieve state - of - the - art performance . this results in very high computation cost , slowing down research and industrialisation . in this paper , we propose to alleviate this problem with several training methods based on data boosting and bootstrap with no modifications to the neural network . it imitates the lea ←
→ annotating object instances with a polygon - rnn ; we propose an approach for semi - automatic annotation of object instances . while most current methods treat object segmentation as a pixel - labeling problem , we here cast it as a polygon prediction task , mimicking how most current datasets have been annotated . in particular , our approach takes as input an image crop and sequentially produces vertices of the polygon outlining the object . this allows a human annotator to interfere at any time and correct a vertex ←
→ data - driven stochastic robust optimization : a general computational framework and algorithm for optimization under uncertainty in the big data era ; a novel data - driven stochastic robust optimization ( ddsro ) framework is proposed for optimization under uncertainty leveraging labeled multi - class uncertainty data . uncertainty data in large datasets are often collected from various conditions , which are encoded by class labels . machine learning methods including dirichlet process mixture model and maximum ←
→ ternary neural networks for resource - efficient ai applications ; the computation and storage requirements for deep neural networks ( dnns ) are usually high . this issue limits their deployability on ubiquitous computing devices such as smart phones , wearables and autonomous drones . in this paper , we propose ternary neural networks ( tnns ) in order to make deep learning more resource - efficient . we train these tnns using a teacher - student approach based on a novel , layer - wise greedy methodology . thanks to our tw ←
→ experiments with neural networks for small and large scale authorship verification ; we propose two models for a special case of authorship verification problem . the task is to investigate whether the two documents of a given pair are written by the same author . we consider the authorship verification problem for both small and large scale datasets . the underlying small - scale problem has two main challenges : first , the authors of the documents are unknown to us because no previous writing samples are avai ←
→ feature selection parallel technique for remotely sensed imagery classification ; remote sensing research focusing on feature selection has long attracted the attention of the remote sensing community because feature selection is a prerequisite for image processing and various applications . different feature selection methods have been proposed to improve the classification accuracy . they vary from basic search techniques to clonal selections , and various optimal criteria have been investigated . recently ,←
→ first - take - all : temporal order - preserving hashing for 3d action videos ; with the prevalence of the commodity depth cameras , the new paradigm of user interfaces based on 3d motion capturing and recognition have dramatically changed the way of interactions between human and computers . human action recognition , as one of the key components in these devices , plays an important role to guarantee the quality of user experience . although the model - driven methods have achieved huge success , they cannot provide a s ←
→" mind your p ' s and q ' s ": or the peregrinations of an apostrophe in 17th century english ; if the use of the apostrophe in contemporary english often marks the saxon genitive , it may also indicate the omission of one or more let - ters . some writers ( wrongly ?) use it to mark the plural in symbols or abbreviations , visual - ised thanks to the isolation of the morpheme " s ". this punctuation mark was imported from the continent in the 16th century . during the 19th century its use was standardised . however the rul ←
→ theory - guided data science : a new paradigm for scientific discovery from data ; data science models , although successful in a number of commercial domains , have had limited applicability in scientific problems involving complex physical phenomena . theory - guided data science ( tgds ) is an emerging paradigm that aims to leverage the wealth of scientific knowledge for improving the effectiveness of data science models in enabling scientific discovery . the overarching vision of tgds is to introduce scientific ←
→ the absent - minded driver problem redux ; this paper reconsiders the problem of the absent - minded driver who must choose between alternatives with different payoff with imperfect recall and varying degrees of knowledge of the system . the classical absent - minded driver problem represents the case with limited information and it has bearing on the general area of communication and learning , social choice , mechanism design , auctions , theories of knowledge , belief , and rational agency . within the framework of ex ←
→ adaptive algorithms for online convex optimization with long - term constraints ; we present an adaptive online gradient descent algorithm to solve online convex optimization problems with long - term constraints , which are constraints that need to be satisfied when accumulated over a finite number of rounds t , but can be violated in intermediate rounds . for some user - defined trade - off parameter $\ beta $ $\ in $ ( 0 , 1 ), the proposed algorithm achieves cumulative regret bounds of o ( t ^ max {$\ beta $, 1 --$\ beta $}) an ←
→" i can assure you [$\ ldots $] that it ' s going to be all right " -- a definition , case for , and survey of algorithmic assurances in human - autonomy trust relationships ; as technology become more advanced , those who design , use and are otherwise affected by it want to know that it will perform correctly , and understand why it does what it does , and how to use it appropriately . in essence they want to be able to trust the systems that are being designed . in this survey we present assurances that are the meth ←
→ deeptransport : learning spatial - temporal dependency for traffic condition forecasting ; predicting traffic conditions has been recently explored as a way to relieve traffic congestion . several pioneering approaches have been proposed based on traffic observations of the target location as well as its adjacent regions , but they obtain somewhat limited accuracy due to lack of mining road topology . to address the effect attenuation problem , we propose to take account of the traffic of surrounding locations ( w ←
→ exploring content - based artwork recommendation with metadata and visual features ; compared to other areas , artwork recommendation has received little attention , despite the continuous growth of the artwork market . previous research has relied on ratings and metadata to make artwork recommendations , as well as visual features extracted with deep neural networks ( dnn ). however , these features have no direct interpretation to explicit visual features ( e . g . brightness , texture ) which might hinder explainabil ←
→ representation learning for scale - free networks ; network embedding aims to learn the low - dimensional representations of vertexes in a network , while structure and inherent properties of the network is preserved . existing network embedding works primarily focus on preserving the microscopic structure , such as the first - and second - order proximity of vertexes , while the macroscopic scale - free property is largely ignored . scale - free property depicts the fact that vertex degrees follow a heavy - tailed distribut ←
→ corl : a continuous - state offset - dynamics reinforcement learner ; continuous state spaces and stochastic , switching dynamics characterize a number of rich , realworld domains , such as robot navigation across varying terrain . we describe a reinforcementlearning algorithm for learning in these domains and prove for certain environments the algorithm is probably approximately correct with a sample complexity that scales polynomially with the state - space dimension . unfortunately , no optimal planning techniques ex ←
→ early visual concept learning with unsupervised deep learning ; automated discovery of early visual concepts from raw image data is a major open challenge in ai research . addressing this problem , we propose an unsupervised approach for learning disentangled representations of the underlying factors of variation . we draw inspiration from neuroscience , and show how this can be achieved in an unsupervised generative model by applying the same learning pressures as have been suggested to act in the ventral visu ←
→ improved strongly adaptive online learning using coin betting ; this paper describes a new parameter - free online learning algorithm for changing environments . in comparing against algorithms with the same time complexity as ours , we obtain a strongly adaptive regret bound that is a factor of at least $\ sqrt {\ log ( t )}$ better , where $ t $ is the time horizon . empirical results show that our algorithm outperforms state - of - the - art methods in learning with expert advice and metric learning scenarios .←
→ estimating 3d trajectories from 2d projections via disjunctive factored four - way conditional restricted boltzmann machines ; estimation , recognition , and near - future prediction of 3d trajectories based on their two dimensional projections available from one camera source is an exceptionally difficult problem due to uncertainty in the trajectories and environment , high dimensionality of the specific trajectory states , lack of enough labeled data and so on . in this article , we propose a solution to solve th ←
→ compressed nonnegative matrix factorization is fast and accurate ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) has an established reputation as a useful data analysis technique in numerous applications . however , its usage in practical situations is undergoing challenges in recent years . the fundamental factor to this is the increasingly growing size of the datasets available and needed in the information sciences . to address this , in this work we propose to use structured random compression , that is , random proj ←
→ online learning for distribution - free prediction ; we develop an online learning method for prediction , which is important in problems with large and / or streaming data sets . we formulate the learning approach using a covariance - fitting methodology , and show that the resulting predictor has desirable computational and distribution - free properties : it is implemented online with a runtime that scales linearly in the number of samples ; has a constant memory requirement ; avoids local minima problems ; and prunes ←
→ 3d reconstruction of simple objects from a single view silhouette image ; while recent deep neural networks have achieved promising results for 3d reconstruction from a single - view image , these rely on the availability of rgb textures in images and extra information as supervision . in this work , we propose novel stacked hierarchical networks and an end to end training strategy to tackle a more challenging task for the first time , 3d reconstruction from a single - view 2d silhouette image . we demonstrate that ←
→ hyperspectral image classification with support vector machines on kernel distribution embeddings ; we propose a novel approach for pixel classification in hyperspectral images , leveraging on both the spatial and spectral information in the data . the introduced method relies on a recently proposed framework for learning on distributions -- by representing them with mean elements in reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ( rkhs ) and formulating a classification algorithm therein . in particular , we associate each ←
→ pl - slam : a stereo slam system through the combination of points and line segments ; traditional approaches to stereo visual slam rely on point features to estimate the camera trajectory and build a map of the environment . in low - textured environments , though , it is often difficult to find a sufficient number of reliable point features and , as a consequence , the performance of such algorithms degrades . this paper proposes pl - slam , a stereo visual slam system that combines both points and line segments to w ←
→ learning affinity via spatial propagation networks ; in this paper , we propose spatial propagation networks for learning the affinity matrix for vision tasks . we show that by constructing a row / column linear propagation model , the spatially varying transformation matrix exactly constitutes an affinity matrix that models dense , global pairwise relationships of an image . specifically , we develop a three - way connection for the linear propagation model , which ( a ) formulates a sparse transformation matrix , where ←
→ representation requirements for supporting decision model formulation ; this paper outlines a methodology for analyzing the representational support for knowledge - based decision - modeling in a broad domain . a relevant set of inference patterns and knowledge types are identified . by comparing the analysis results to existing representations , some insights are gained into a design approach for integrating categorical and uncertain knowledge in a context sensitive manner .←
→ sparse representation based multi - sensor image fusion : a review ; as a result of several successful applications in computer vision and image processing , sparse representation ( sr ) has attracted significant attention in multi - sensor image fusion . unlike the traditional multiscale transforms ( msts ) that presume the basis functions , sr learns an over - complete dictionary from a set of training images for image fusion , and it achieves more stable and meaningful representations of the source images . by doing so ,←
→ dropout training for support vector machines ; dropout and other feature noising schemes have shown promising results in controlling over - fitting by artificially corrupting the training data . though extensive theoretical and empirical studies have been performed for generalized linear models , little work has been done for support vector machines ( svms ), one of the most successful approaches for supervised learning . this paper presents dropout training for linear svms . to deal with the intractable expectatio ←
→ combinatorial multi - armed bandit with general reward functions ; in this paper , we study the stochastic combinatorial multi - armed bandit ( cmab ) framework that allows a general nonlinear reward function , whose expected value may not depend only on the means of the input random variables but possibly on the entire distributions of these variables . our framework enables a much larger class of reward functions such as the $\ max ()$ function and nonlinear utility functions . existing techniques relying on accurate ←
→ a genetic algorithm for software design migration from structured to object oriented paradigm ; the potential benefit of migrating software design from structured to object oriented paradigm is manifolded including modularity , manageability and extendability . this design migration should be automated as it will reduce the time required in manual process . our previous work has addressed this issue in terms of optimal graph clustering problem formulated by a quadratic integer program ( ip ). however , it has b ←
→ variational relevance vector machines ; the support vector machine ( svm ) of vapnik ( 1998 ) has become widely established as one of the leading approaches to pattern recognition and machine learning . it expresses predictions in terms of a linear combination of kernel functions centred on a subset of the training data , known as support vectors . despite its widespread success , the svm suffers from some important limitations , one of the most significant being that it makes point predictions rather than generat ←
→ sparse partial least squares for on - line variable selection in multivariate data streams ; in this paper we propose a computationally efficient algorithm for on - line variable selection in multivariate regression problems involving high dimensional data streams . the algorithm recursively extracts all the latent factors of a partial least squares solution and selects the most important variables for each factor . this is achieved by means of only one sparse singular value decomposition which can be efficient ←
→ lexis : an optimization framework for discovering the hierarchical structure of sequential data ; data represented as strings abounds in biology , linguistics , document mining , web search and many other fields . such data often have a hierarchical structure , either because they were artificially designed and composed in a hierarchical manner or because there is an underlying evolutionary process that creates repeatedly more complex strings from simpler substrings . we propose a framework , referred to as " lexi ←
→ discovering visual concept structure with sparse and incomplete tags ; discovering automatically the semantic structure of tagged visual data ( e . g . web videos and images ) is important for visual data analysis and interpretation , enabling the machine intelligence for effectively processing the fast - growing amount of multi - media data . however , this is non - trivial due to the need for jointly learning underlying correlations between heterogeneous visual and tag data . the task is made more challenging by inheren ←
→ model - based policy search for automatic tuning of multivariate pid controllers ; pid control architectures are widely used in industrial applications . despite their low number of open parameters , tuning multiple , coupled pid controllers can become tedious in practice . in this paper , we extend pilco , a model - based policy search framework , to automatically tune multivariate pid controllers purely based on data observed on an otherwise unknown system . the system ' s state is extended appropriately to frame the ←
→ high - order stochastic gradient thermostats for bayesian learning of deep models ; learning in deep models using bayesian methods has generated significant attention recently . this is largely because of the feasibility of modern bayesian methods to yield scalable learning and inference , while maintaining a measure of uncertainty in the model parameters . stochastic gradient mcmc algorithms ( sg - mcmc ) are a family of diffusion - based sampling methods for large - scale bayesian learning . in sg - mcmc , multivariate ←
→ aide : fast and communication efficient distributed optimization ; in this paper , we present two new communication - efficient methods for distributed minimization of an average of functions . the first algorithm is an inexact variant of the dane algorithm that allows any local algorithm to return an approximate solution to a local subproblem . we show that such a strategy does not affect the theoretical guarantees of dane significantly . in fact , our approach can be viewed as a robustification strategy since the ←
→ guaranteed clustering and biclustering via semidefinite programming ; identifying clusters of similar objects in data plays a significant role in a wide range of applications . as a model problem for clustering , we consider the densest k - disjoint - clique problem , whose goal is to identify the collection of k disjoint cliques of a given weighted complete graph maximizing the sum of the densities of the complete subgraphs induced by these cliques . in this paper , we establish conditions ensuring exact recovery o ←
→ feature - based matrix factorization ; recommender system has been more and more popular and widely used in many applications recently . the increasing information available , not only in quantities but also in types , leads to a big challenge for recommender system that how to leverage these rich information to get a better performance . most traditional approaches try to design a specific model for each scenario , which demands great efforts in developing and modifying models . in this technical report , we descri ←
→ grad - cam : visual explanations from deep networks via gradient - based localization ; we propose a technique for producing " visual explanations " for decisions from a large class of cnn - based models , making them more transparent . our approach - gradient - weighted class activation mapping ( grad - cam ), uses the gradients of any target concept , flowing into the final convolutional layer to produce a coarse localization map highlighting the important regions in the image for predicting the concept . unlike previous ←
→ a dantzig selector approach to temporal difference learning ; lstd is a popular algorithm for value function approximation . whenever the number of features is larger than the number of samples , it must be paired with some form of regularization . in particular , l1 - regularization methods tend to perform feature selection by promoting sparsity , and thus , are well - suited for high - dimensional problems . however , since lstd is not a simple regression algorithm , but it solves a fixed -- point problem , its integration ←
→ prediction with restricted resources and finite automata ; we obtain an index of the complexity of a random sequence by allowing the role of the measure in classical probability theory to be played by a function we call the generating mechanism . typically , this generating mechanism will be a finite automata . we generate a set of biased sequences by applying a finite state automata with a specified number , $ m $, of states to the set of all binary sequences . thus we can index the complexity of our random seque ←
→ identifying avatar aliases in starcraft 2 ; in electronic sports , cyberathletes conceal their online training using different avatars ( virtual identities ), allowing them not being recognized by the opponents they may face in future competitions . in this article , we propose a method to tackle this avatar aliases identification problem . our method trains a classifier on behavioural data and processes the confusion matrix to output label pairs which concentrate confusion . we experimented with starcraft 2 and r ←
→ sensor synthesis for pomdps with reachability objectives ; partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) are widely used in probabilistic planning problems in which an agent interacts with an environment using noisy and imprecise sensors . we study a setting in which the sensors are only partially defined and the goal is to synthesize " weakest " additional sensors , such that in the resulting pomdp , there is a small - memory policy for the agent that almost - surely ( with probability ~ 1 ) satisfies a reach ←
→ identification of probabilities of languages ; we consider the problem of inferring the probability distribution associated with a language , given data consisting of an infinite sequence of elements of the languge . we do this under two assumptions on the algorithms concerned : ( i ) like a real - life algorothm it has round - off errors , and ( ii ) it has no round - off errors . assuming ( i ) we ( a ) consider a probability mass function of the elements of the language if the data are drawn independent identically distrib ←
→ causality in concurrent systems ; concurrent systems identify systems , either software , hardware or even biological systems , that are characterized by sets of independent actions that can be executed in any order or simultaneously . computer scientists resort to a causal terminology to describe and analyse the relations between the actions in these systems . however , a thorough discussion about the meaning of causality in such a context has not been developed yet . this paper aims to fill the gap . first , the p ←
→ kernel methods on the riemannian manifold of symmetric positive definite matrices ; symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrices have become popular to encode image information . accounting for the geometry of the riemannian manifold of spd matrices has proven key to the success of many algorithms . however , most existing methods only approximate the true shape of the manifold locally by its tangent plane . in this paper , inspired by kernel methods , we propose to map spd matrices to a high dimensional hilbert ←
→ exploring approximations for floating - point arithmetic using uppsat ; we consider the problem of solving floating - point constraints obtained from software verification . we present uppsat --- a new implementation of a systematic approximation refinement framework [ zwr17 ] as an abstract smt solver . provided with an approximation and a decision procedure ( implemented in an off - the - shelf smt solver ), uppsat yields an approximating smt solver . additionally , uppsat includes a library of predefined approximation c ←
→ emotion intensities in tweets ; this paper examines the task of detecting intensity of emotion from text . we create the first datasets of tweets annotated for anger , fear , joy , and sadness intensities . we use a technique called best -- worst scaling ( bws ) that improves annotation consistency and obtains reliable fine - grained scores . we show that emotion - word hashtags often impact emotion intensity , usually conveying a more intense emotion . finally , we create a benchmark regression system and conduct experimen ←
→ uav and service robot coordination for indoor object search tasks ; our cobot robots have successfully performed a variety of service tasks in our multi - building environment including accompanying people to meetings and delivering objects to offices due to its navigation and localization capabilities . however , they lack the capability to visually search over desks and other confined locations for an object of interest . conversely , an inexpensive gps - denied quadcopter platform such as the parrot ardrone 2 . 0 ←
→ fclt - a fully - correlational long - term tracker ; we propose fclt - a fully - correlational long - term tracker . the two main components of fclt are a short - term tracker which localizes the target in each frame and a detector which re - detects the target when it is lost . both the short - term tracker and the detector are based on correlation filters . the detector exploits properties of the recent constrained filter learning and is able to re - detect the target in the whole image efficiently . a failure detection mech ←
→ a new homogeneity inter - clusters measure in semisupervised clustering ; many studies in data mining have proposed a new learning called semi - supervised . such type of learning combines unlabeled and labeled data which are hard to obtain . however , in unsupervised methods , the only unlabeled data are used . the problem of significance and the effectiveness of semi - supervised clustering results is becoming of main importance . this paper pursues the thesis that muchgreater accuracy can be achieved in such cluster ←
→ sentiment analysis of review datasets using naive bayes and k - nn classifier ; the advent of web 2 . 0 has led to an increase in the amount of sentimental content available in the web . such content is often found in social media web sites in the form of movie or product reviews , user comments , testimonials , messages in discussion forums etc . timely discovery of the sentimental or opinionated web content has a number of advantages , the most important of all being monetization . understanding of the sentiments ←
→ point context : an effective shape descriptor for rst - invariant trajectory recognition ; motion trajectory recognition is important for characterizing the moving property of an object . the speed and accuracy of trajectory recognition rely on a compact and discriminative feature representation , and the situations of varying rotation , scaling and translation has to be specially considered . in this paper we propose a novel feature extraction method for trajectories . firstly a trajectory is represented by a pr ←
→ can you tell a face from a hevc bitstream ? ; image and video analytics are being increasingly used on a massive scale . not only is the amount of data growing , but the complexity of the data processing pipelines is also increasing , thereby exacerbating the problem . it is becoming increasingly important to save computational resources wherever possible . we focus on one of the poster problems of visual analytics -- face detection -- and approach the issue of reducing the computation by asking : is it possible t ←
→ adversarial synthesis learning enables segmentation without target modality ground truth ; a lack of generalizability is one key limitation of deep learning based segmentation . typically , one manually labels new training images when segmenting organs in different imaging modalities or segmenting abnormal organs from distinct disease cohorts . the manual efforts can be alleviated if one is able to reuse manual labels from one modality ( e . g ., mri ) to train a segmentation network for a new modality ( e . g ., ct )←
→ image fusion technologies in commercial remote sensing packages ; several remote sensing software packages are used to the explicit purpose of analyzing and visualizing remotely sensed data , with the developing of remote sensing sensor technologies from last ten years . accord - ing to literature , the remote sensing is still the lack of software tools for effective information extraction from remote sensing data . so , this paper provides a state - of - art of multi - sensor image fusion technologies as well as review ←
→ towards solving the multiple extension problem : combining defaults and probabilities ; the multiple extension problem arises frequently in diagnostic and default inference . that is , we can often use any of a number of sets of defaults or possible hypotheses to explain observations or make predictions . in default inference , some extensions seem to be simply wrong and we use qualitative techniques to weed out the unwanted ones . in the area of diagnosis , however , the multiple explanations may all seem reason ←
→ incremental and iterative learning of answer set programs from mutually distinct examples ; over these years the artificial intelligence ( ai ) community has produced several datasets which have given the machine learning algorithms the opportunity to learn various skills across various domains . however , a subclass of these machine learning algorithms that aimed at learning logic programs , namely the inductive logic programming algorithms , have often failed at the task due to the vastness of these datasets .←
→ modeling with copulas and vines in estimation of distribution algorithms ; the aim of this work is studying the use of copulas and vines in the optimization with estimation of distribution algorithms ( edas ). two edas are built around the multivariate product and normal copulas , and other two are based on pair - copula decomposition of vine models . empirically we study the effect of both marginal distributions and dependence structure separately , and show that both aspects play a crucial role in the success of ←
→ language use matters : analysis of the linguistic structure of question texts can characterize answerability in quora ; quora is one of the most popular community q & a sites of recent times . however , many question posts on this q & a site often do not get answered . in this paper , we quantify various linguistic activities that discriminates an answered question from an unanswered one . our central finding is that the way users use language while writing the question text can be a very effective means to charact ←
→ stemmers for tamil language : performance analysis ; stemming is the process of extracting root word from the given inflection word and also plays significant role in numerous application of natural language processing ( nlp ). tamil language raises several challenges to nlp , since it has rich morphological patterns than other languages . the rule based approach light - stemmer is proposed in this paper , to find stem word for given inflection tamil word . the performance of proposed approach is compared to a rule ←
→ recurrent segmentation for variable computational budgets ; state - of - the - art systems for semantic image segmentation use feed - forward pipelines with fixed computational costs . building an image segmentation system that works across a range of computational budgets is challenging and time - intensive as new architectures must be designed and trained for every computational setting . to address this problem we develop a recurrent neural network that successively improves prediction quality with each iteration . i ←
→ generalized singular value thresholding ; this work studies the generalized singular value thresholding ( gsvt ) operator ${\ prox } _ { g }^{\ bm {\ sigma }}(\ cdot )$, \ begin { equation *} {\ prox } _ { g }^{\ bm {\ sigma }}(\ b )=\ arg \ min \ limits_ {\ x }\ sum_ { i = 1 }^{ m } g (\ sigma_ { i }(\ x )) + \ frac { 1 }{ 2 }||\ x -\ b || _ { f }^{ 2 }, \ end { equation *} associated with a nonconvex function $ g $ defined on the singular values of $\ x $. we prove that gsvt can be obtained by performing the proximal operator of $ g $ ( denoted as $\ prox_g (\ cdot )$) on the singular v ←
→ functional distributional semantics ; vector space models have become popular in distributional semantics , despite the challenges they face in capturing various semantic phenomena . we propose a novel probabilistic framework which draws on both formal semantics and recent advances in machine learning . in particular , we separate predicates from the entities they refer to , allowing us to perform bayesian inference based on logical forms . we describe an implementation of this framework using a combination of re ←
→ extreme entropy machines : robust information theoretic classification ; most of the existing classification methods are aimed at minimization of empirical risk ( through some simple point - based error measured with loss function ) with added regularization . we propose to approach this problem in a more information theoretic way by investigating applicability of entropy measures as a classification model objective function . we focus on quadratic renyi ' s entropy and connected cauchy - schwarz divergence which lead ←
→ a novel parser design algorithm based on artificial ants ; this article presents a unique design for a parser using the ant colony optimization algorithm . the paper implements the intuitive thought process of human mind through the activities of artificial ants . the scheme presented here uses a bottom - up approach and the parsing program can directly use ambiguous or redundant grammars . we allocate a node corresponding to each production rule present in the given grammar . each node is connected to all other ←
→ improving context aware language models ; increased adaptability of rnn language models leads to improved predictions that benefit many applications . however , current methods do not take full advantage of the rnn structure . we show that the most widely - used approach to adaptation ( concatenating the context with the word embedding at the input to the recurrent layer ) is outperformed by a model that has some low - cost improvements : adaptation of both the hidden and output layers . and a feature hashing bias ter ←
→ detect & describe : deep learning of bank stress in the news ; news is a pertinent source of information on financial risks and stress factors , which nevertheless is challenging to harness due to the sparse and unstructured nature of natural text . we propose an approach based on distributional semantics and deep learning with neural networks to model and link text to a scarce set of bank distress events . through unsupervised training , we learn semantic vector representations of news articles as predictors of ←
→ gold standard online debates summaries and first experiments towards automatic summarization of online debate data ; usage of online textual media is steadily increasing . daily , more and more news stories , blog posts and scientific articles are added to the online volumes . these are all freely accessible and have been employed extensively in multiple research areas , e . g . automatic text summarization , information retrieval , information extraction , etc . meanwhile , online debate forums have recently become p ←
→ quantified degrees of group responsibility ( extended abstract ) ; this paper builds on an existing notion of group responsibility and proposes two ways to define the degree of group responsibility : structural and functional degrees of responsibility . these notions measure the potential responsibilities of ( agent ) groups for avoiding a state of affairs . according to these notions , a degree of responsibility for a state of affairs can be assigned to a group of agents if , and to the extent that , the group has t ←
→ out - of - sample extension for latent position graphs ; we consider the problem of vertex classification for graphs constructed from the latent position model . it was shown previously that the approach of embedding the graphs into some euclidean space followed by classification in that space can yields a universally consistent vertex classifier . however , a major technical difficulty of the approach arises when classifying unlabeled out - of - sample vertices without including them in the embedding stage . in this p ←
→ uts submission to google youtube - 8m challenge 2017 ; in this paper , we present our solution to google youtube - 8m video classification challenge 2017 . we leveraged both video - level and frame - level features in the submission . for video - level classification , we simply used a 200 - mixture mixture of experts ( moe ) layer , which achieves gap 0 . 802 on the validation set with a single model . for frame - level classification , we utilized several variants of recurrent neural networks , sequence aggregation with attention ←
→ the " handedness " of language : directional symmetry breaking of sign usage in words ; language , which allows complex ideas to be communicated through symbolic sequences , is a characteristic feature of our species and manifested in a multitude of forms . using large written corpora for many different languages and scripts , we show that the occurrence probability distributions of signs at the left and right ends of words have a distinct heterogeneous nature . characterizing this asymmetry using quantitative in ←
→ encoding cnn activations for writer recognition ; the encoding of local features is an essential part for writer identification and writer retrieval . while cnn activations have already been used as local features in related works , the encoding of these features has attracted little attention so far . in this work , we compare the established vlad encoding with triangulation embedding . we further investigate generalized max pooling as an alternative to sum pooling and the impact of decorrelation and exemplar s ←
→ semantic folding theory and its application in semantic fingerprinting ; human language is recognized as a very complex domain since decades . no computer system has been able to reach human levels of performance so far . the only known computational system capable of proper language processing is the human brain . while we gather more and more data about the brain , its fundamental computational processes still remain obscure . the lack of a sound computational brain theory also prevents the fundamental underst ←
→ complex networks and human language ; this paper introduces how human languages can be studied in light of recent development of network theories . there are two directions of exploration . one is to study networks existing in the language system . various lexical networks can be built based on different relationships between words , being semantic or syntactic . recent studies have shown that these lexical networks exhibit small - world and scale - free features . the other direction of exploration is to study netwo ←
→ psa : a novel optimization algorithm based on survival rules of porcellio scaber ; bio - inspired algorithms have received a significant amount of attention in both academic and engineering societies . in this paper , based on the observation of two major survival rules of a species of woodlice , i . e ., porcellio scaber , we design and propose an algorithm called the porcellio scaber algorithm ( psa ) for solving optimization problems , including differentiable and non - differential ones as well as the case with loca ←
→ addressing limited data for textual entailment across domains ; we seek to address the lack of labeled data ( and high cost of annotation ) for textual entailment in some domains . to that end , we first create ( for experimental purposes ) an entailment dataset for the clinical domain , and a highly competitive supervised entailment system , ent , that is effective ( out of the box ) on two domains . we then explore self - training and active learning strategies to address the lack of labeled data . with self - training , w ←
→ facial landmark detection with tweaked convolutional neural networks ; we present a novel convolutional neural network ( cnn ) design for facial landmark coordinate regression . we examine the intermediate features of a standard cnn trained for landmark detection and show that features extracted from later , more specialized layers capture rough landmark locations . this provides a natural means of applying differential treatment midway through the network , tweaking processing based on facial alignment . the resu ←
→ a computational model of commonsense moral decision making ; we introduce a new computational model of moral decision making , drawing on a recent theory of commonsense moral learning via social dynamics . our model describes moral dilemmas as a utility function that computes trade - offs in values over abstract moral dimensions , which provide interpretable parameter values when implemented in machine - led ethical decision - making . moreover , characterizing the social structures of individuals and groups as a hier ←
→ atlas : a flexible and extensible architecture for linguistic annotation ; we describe a formal model for annotating linguistic artifacts , from which we derive an application programming interface ( api ) to a suite of tools for manipulating these annotations . the abstract logical model provides for a range of storage formats and promotes the reuse of tools that interact through this api . we focus first on `` annotation graphs ,'' a graph model for annotations on linear signals ( such as text and speech ) indexed ←
→ evolutionary landscape and management of population diversity ; the search ability of an evolutionary algorithm ( ea ) depends on the variation among the individuals in the population [ 3 , 4 , 8 ]. maintaining an optimal level of diversity in the ea population is imperative to ensure that progress of the ea search is unhindered by premature convergence to suboptimal solutions . clearer understanding of the concept of population diversity , in the context of evolutionary search and premature convergence in particul ←
→ general drift analysis with tail bounds ; drift analysis is one of the state - of - the - art techniques for the runtime analysis of randomized search heuristics ( rshs ) such as evolutionary algorithms ( eas ), simulated annealing etc . the vast majority of existing drift theorems yield bounds on the expected value of the hitting time for a target state , e . g ., the set of optimal solutions , without making additional statements on the distribution of this time . we address this lack by providing a general drift theorem ←
→ self - delimiting neural networks ; self - delimiting ( slim ) programs are a central concept of theoretical computer science , particularly algorithmic information & probability theory , and asymptotically optimal program search ( aops ). to apply aops to ( possibly recurrent ) neural networks ( nns ), i introduce slim nns . neurons of a typical slim nn have threshold activation functions . during a computational episode , activations are spreading from input neurons through the slim nn until the computation activates a sp ←
→ optimal multi - paragraph text segmentation by dynamic programming ; there exist several methods of calculating a similarity curve , or a sequence of similarity values , representing the lexical cohesion of successive text constituents , e . g ., paragraphs . methods for deciding the locations of fragment boundaries are , however , scarce . we propose a fragmentation method based on dynamic programming . the method is theoretically sound and guaranteed to provide an optimal splitting on the basis of a similarity curve , ←
→ fractionally predictive spiking neurons ; recent experimental work has suggested that the neural firing rate can be interpreted as a fractional derivative , at least when signal variation induces neural adaptation . here , we show that the actual neural spike - train itself can be considered as the fractional derivative , provided that the neural signal is approximated by a sum of power - law kernels . a simple standard thresholding spiking neuron suffices to carry out such an approximation , given a suitable refract ←
→ dialogue act segmentation for vietnamese human - human conversational texts ; dialog act identification plays an important role in understanding conversations . it has been widely applied in many fields such as dialogue systems , automatic machine translation , automatic speech recognition , and especially useful in systems with human - computer natural language dialogue interfaces such as virtual assistants and chatbots . the first step of identifying dialog act is identifying the boundary of the dialog act in ut ←
→ heuristic algorithms for obtaining polynomial threshold functions with low densities ; in this paper we present several heuristic algorithms , including a genetic algorithm ( ga ), for obtaining polynomial threshold function ( ptf ) representations of boolean functions ( bfs ) with small number of monomials . we compare these among each other and against the algorithm of oztop via computational experiments . the results indicate that our heuristic algorithms find more parsimonious representations compared to the t ←
→ extracting connected concepts from biomedical texts using fog index ; in this paper , we establish fog index ( fi ) as a text filter to locate the sentences in texts that contain connected biomedical concepts of interest . to do so , we have used 24 random papers each containing four pairs of connected concepts . for each pair , we categorize sentences based on whether they contain both , any or none of the concepts . we then use fi to measure difficulty of the sentences of each category and find that sentences cont ←
→ learning traffic as images : a deep convolutional neural network for large - scale transportation network speed prediction ; this paper proposes a convolutional neural network ( cnn )- based method that learns traffic as images and predicts large - scale , network - wide traffic speed with a high accuracy . spatiotemporal traffic dynamics are converted to images describing the time and space relations of traffic flow via a two - dimensional time - space matrix . a cnn is applied to the image following two consecutive step ←
→ powerai ddl ; as deep neural networks become more complex and input datasets grow larger , it can take days or even weeks to train a deep neural network to the desired accuracy . therefore , distributed deep learning at a massive scale is a critical capability , since it offers the potential to reduce the training time from weeks to hours . in this paper , we present a software - hardware co - optimized distributed deep learning system that can achieve near - linear scaling up to hundreds of gpus . the core algorithm is ←
→ exploring segment representations for neural segmentation models ; many natural language processing ( nlp ) tasks can be generalized into segmentation problem . in this paper , we combine semi - crf with neural network to solve nlp segmentation tasks . our model represents a segment both by composing the input units and embedding the entire segment . we thoroughly study different composition functions and different segment embeddings . we conduct extensive experiments on two typical segmentation tasks : named entity ←
→ bypassing captcha by machine a proof for passing the turing test ; for the last ten years , captchas have been widely used by websites to prevent their data being automatically updated by machines . by supposedly allowing only humans to do so , captchas take advantage of the reverse turing test ( tt ), knowing that humans are more intelligent than machines . generally , captchas have defeated machines , but things are changing rapidly as technology improves . hence , advanced research into optical character recogniti ←
→ gibberish semantics : how good is russian twitter in word semantic similarity task ? ; the most studied and most successful language models were developed and evaluated mainly for english and other close european languages , such as french , german , etc . it is important to study applicability of these models to other languages . the use of vector space models for russian was recently studied for multiple corpora , such as wikipedia , ruwac , lib . ru . these models were evaluated against word semantic similarity tas ←
→ from semiotics of hypermedia to physics of semiosis : a view from system theory ; given that theoretical analysis and empirical validation is fundamental to any model , whether conceptual or formal , it is surprising that these two tools of scientific discovery are so often ignored in the contemporary studies of communication . in this paper , we pursued the ideas of a ) correcting and expanding the modeling approaches of linguistics , which are otherwise inapplicable ( more precisely , which should not but are wi ←
→ supersparse linear integer models for predictive scoring systems ; we introduce supersparse linear integer models ( slim ) as a tool to create scoring systems for binary classification . we derive theoretical bounds on the true risk of slim scoring systems , and present experimental results to show that slim scoring systems are accurate , sparse , and interpretable classification models .←
→ rational deployment of multiple heuristics in ida * ; recent advances in metareasoning for search has shown its usefulness in improving numerous search algorithms . this paper applies rational metareasoning to ida * when several admissible heuristics are available . the obvious basic approach of taking the maximum of the heuristics is improved upon by lazy evaluation of the heuristics , resulting in a variant known as lazy ida *. we introduce a rational version of lazy ida * that decides whether to compute the mor ←
→ software engineering and the sp theory of intelligence ; this paper describes a novel approach to software engineering derived from the " sp theory of intelligence " and its realisation in the " sp computer model ". these are the bases of a projected industrial - strength " sp machine " which , when mature , is anticipated to be the vehicle for software engineering as described in this paper . potential benefits of this new approach to software engineering include : the automation of semi - automation of software develop ←
→ hyperspectral unmixing with endmember variability using partial membership latent dirichlet allocation ; the application of partial membership latent dirichlet allocation ( pm - lda ) for hyperspectral endmember estimation and spectral unmixing is presented . pm - lda provides a model for a hyperspectral image analysis that accounts for spectral variability and incorporates spatial information through the use of superpixel - based ' documents .' in our application of pm - lda , we employ the normal compositional model i ←
→ combining lidar space clustering and convolutional neural networks for pedestrian detection ; pedestrian detection is an important component for safety of autonomous vehicles , as well as for traffic and street surveillance . there are extensive benchmarks on this topic and it has been shown to be a challenging problem when applied on real use - case scenarios . in purely image - based pedestrian detection approaches , the state - of - the - art results have been achieved with convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) and su ←
→ dictionary learning for deblurring and digital zoom ; this paper proposes a novel approach to image deblurring and digital zooming using sparse local models of image appearance . these models , where small image patches are represented as linear combinations of a few elements drawn from some large set ( dictionary ) of candidates , have proven well adapted to several image restoration tasks . a key to their success has been to learn dictionaries adapted to the reconstruction of small image patches . in contrast , r ←
→ reinforcement learning with analogical similarity to guide schema induction and attention ; research in analogical reasoning suggests that higher - order cognitive functions such as abstract reasoning , far transfer , and creativity are founded on recognizing structural similarities among relational systems . here we integrate theories of analogy with the computational framework of reinforcement learning ( rl ). we propose a psychology theory that is a computational synergy between analogy and rl , in which analo ←
→ using variational inference and mapreduce to scale topic modeling ; latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) is a popular topic modeling technique for exploring document collections . because of the increasing prevalence of large datasets , there is a need to improve the scalability of inference of lda . in this paper , we propose a technique called ~\ emph { mapreduce lda } ( mr . lda ) to accommodate very large corpus collections in the mapreduce framework . in contrast to other techniques to scale inference for lda , which ←
→ found in translation : reconstructing phylogenetic language trees from translations ; translation has played an important role in trade , law , commerce , politics , and literature for thousands of years . translators have always tried to be invisible ; ideal translations should look as if they were written originally in the target language . we show that traces of the source language remain in the translation product to the extent that it is possible to uncover the history of the source language by looking only ←
→ parallel chromatic mcmc with spatial partitioning ; we introduce a novel approach for parallelizing mcmc inference in models with spatially determined conditional independence relationships , for which existing techniques exploiting graphical model structure are not applicable . our approach is motivated by a model of seismic events and signals , where events detected in distant regions are approximately independent given those in intermediate regions . we perform parallel inference by coloring a factor graph d ←
→ a novel family of adaptive filtering algorithms based on the logarithmic cost ; we introduce a novel family of adaptive filtering algorithms based on a relative logarithmic cost . the new family intrinsically combines the higher and lower order measures of the error into a single continuous update based on the error amount . we introduce important members of this family of algorithms such as the least mean logarithmic square ( lmls ) and least logarithmic absolute difference ( llad ) algorithms that improve the ←
→ deep person re - identification with improved embedding and efficient training ; person re - identification task has been greatly boosted by deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) in recent years . the core of which is to enlarge the inter - class distinction as well as reduce the intra - class variance . however , to achieve this , existing deep models prefer to adopt image pairs or triplets to form verification loss , which is inefficient and unstable since the number of training pairs or triplets grows rapidly a ←
→ extracting information - rich part of texts using text denoising ; the aim of this paper is to report on a novel text reduction technique , called text denoising , that highlights information - rich content when processing a large volume of text data , especially from the biomedical domain . the core feature of the technique , the text readability index , embodies the hypothesis that complex text is more information - rich than the rest . when applied on tasks like biomedical relation bearing text extraction , keyphrase ←
→ the symmetry of a simple optimization problem in lasso screening ; recently dictionary screening has been proposed as an effective way to improve the computational efficiency of solving the lasso problem , which is one of the most commonly used method for learning sparse representations . to address today ' s ever increasing large dataset , effective screening relies on a tight region bound on the solution to the dual lasso . typical region bounds are in the form of an intersection of a sphere and multiple half s ←
→ machine translation of low - resource spoken dialects : strategies for normalizing swiss german ; the goal of this work is to design a machine translation ( mt ) system for a low - resource family of dialects , collectively known as swiss german , which are widely spoken in switzerland but seldom written . we collected a significant number of parallel written resources to start with , up to a total of about 60k words . moreover , we identified several other promising data sources for swiss german . then , we designed an ←
→ racing to learn : statistical inference and learning in a single spiking neuron with adaptive kernels ; this paper describes the synapto - dendritic kernel adapting neuron ( skan ), a simple spiking neuron model that performs statistical inference and unsupervised learning of spatiotemporal spike patterns . skan is the first proposed neuron model to investigate the effects of dynamic synapto - dendritic kernels and demonstrate their computational power even at the single neuron scale . the rule - set defining the ne ←
→ robust multiple manifolds structure learning ; we present a robust multiple manifolds structure learning ( rmmsl ) scheme to robustly estimate data structures under the multiple low intrinsic dimensional manifolds assumption . in the local learning stage , rmmsl efficiently estimates local tangent space by weighted low - rank matrix factorization . in the global learning stage , we propose a robust manifold clustering method based on local structure learning results . the proposed clustering method is designed to ge ←
→ l1 - norm batch normalization for efficient training of deep neural networks ; batch normalization ( bn ) has been proven to be quite effective at accelerating and improving the training of deep neural networks ( dnns ). however , bn brings additional computation , consumes more memory and generally slows down the training process by a large margin , which aggravates the training effort . furthermore , the nonlinear square and root operations in bn also impede the low bit - width quantization techniques , which draws m ←
→ vision - based deep execution monitoring ; execution monitor of high - level robot actions can be effectively improved by visual monitoring the state of the world in terms of preconditions and postconditions that hold before and after the execution of an action . furthermore a policy for searching where to look at , either for verifying the relations that specify the pre and postconditions or to refocus in case of a failure , can tremendously improve the robot execution in an uncharted environment . it is now possi ←
→ want answers ? a reddit inspired study on how to pose questions ; questions form an integral part of our everyday communication , both offline and online . getting responses to our questions from others is fundamental to satisfying our information need and in extending our knowledge boundaries . a question may be represented using various factors such as social , syntactic , semantic , etc . we hypothesize that these factors contribute with varying degrees towards getting responses from others for a given question .←
→ mantime : temporal expression identification and normalization in the tempeval - 3 challenge ; this paper describes a temporal expression identification and normalization system , mantime , developed for the tempeval - 3 challenge . the identification phase combines the use of conditional random fields along with a post - processing identification pipeline , whereas the normalization phase is carried out using norma , an open - source rule - based temporal normalizer . we investigate the performance variation with respect ←
→ a survey on eye - gaze tracking techniques ; study of eye - movement is being employed in human computer interaction ( hci ) research . eye - gaze tracking is one of the most challenging problems in the area of computer vision . the goal of this paper is to present a review of latest research in this continued growth of remote eye - gaze tracking . this overview includes the basic definitions and terminologies , recent advances in the field and finally the need of future development in the field .←
→ midinet : a convolutional generative adversarial network for symbolic - domain music generation ; most existing neural network models for music generation use recurrent neural networks . however , the recent wavenet model proposed by deepmind shows that convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) can also generate realistic musical waveforms in the audio domain . following this light , we investigate using cnns for generating melody ( a series of midi notes ) one bar after another in the symbolic domain . in addition to t ←
→ dilated fcn for multi - agent 2d / 3d medical image registration ; 2d / 3d image registration to align a 3d volume and 2d x - ray images is a challenging problem due to its ill - posed nature and various artifacts presented in 2d x - ray images . in this paper , we propose a multi - agent system with an auto attention mechanism for robust and efficient 2d / 3d image registration . specifically , an individual agent is trained with dilated fully convolutional network ( fcn ) to perform registration in a markov decision process ( m ←
→ group - sparse block pca and explained variance ; the paper addresses the simultneous determination of goup - sparse loadings by block optimization , and the correlated problem of defining explained variance for a set of non orthogonal components . we give in both cases a comprehensive mathematical presentation of the problem , which leads to propose i ) a new formulation / algorithm for group - sparse block pca and ii ) a framework for the definition of explained variance with the analysis of five definitions . the nume ←
→ best - buddies similarity - robust template matching using mutual nearest neighbors ; we propose a novel method for template matching in unconstrained environments . its essence is the best - buddies similarity ( bbs ), a useful , robust , and parameter - free similarity measure between two sets of points . bbs is based on counting the number of best - buddies pairs ( bbps )-- pairs of points in source and target sets , where each point is the nearest neighbor of the other . bbs has several key features that make it robust ←
→ general deformations of point configurations viewed by a pinhole model camera ; this paper is a theoretical study of the following non - rigid structure from motion problem . what can be computed from a monocular view of a parametrically deforming set of points ? we treat various variations of this problem for affine and polynomial deformations with calibrated and uncalibrated cameras . we show that in general at least three images with quasi - identical two deformations are needed in order to have a finite set ←
→ affinity cnn : learning pixel - centric pairwise relations for figure / ground embedding ; spectral embedding provides a framework for solving perceptual organization problems , including image segmentation and figure / ground organization . from an affinity matrix describing pairwise relationships between pixels , it clusters pixels into regions , and , using a complex - valued extension , orders pixels according to layer . we train a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to directly predict the pairwise relationships that ←
→ matrix completion from a few entries ; let m be a random ( alpha n ) x n matrix of rank r << n , and assume that a uniformly random subset e of its entries is observed . we describe an efficient algorithm that reconstructs m from | e | = o ( rn ) observed entries with relative root mean square error rmse <= c ( rn /| e |)^ 0 . 5 . further , if r = o ( 1 ), m can be reconstructed exactly from | e | = o ( n log ( n )) entries . these results apply beyond random matrices to general low - rank incoherent matrices . this settles ( in the case of ←
→ robust gans against dishonest adversaries ; robustness of deep learning models is a property that has recently gained increasing attention . we formally define a notion of robustness for generative adversarial models , and show that , perhaps surprisingly , the gan in its original form is not robust . indeed , the discriminator in gans may be viewed as merely offering " teaching feedback ". our notion of robustness relies on a dishonest discriminator , or noisy , adversarial interference with its feedback . we explore ←
→ phonetic temporal neural model for language identification ; deep neural models , particularly the lstm - rnn model , have shown great potential for language identification ( lid ). however , the use of phonetic information has been largely overlooked by most existing neural lid methods , although this information has been used very successfully in conventional phonetic lid systems . we present a phonetic temporal neural model for lid , which is an lstm - rnn lid system that accepts phonetic features produced by a phon ←
→ towards large - pose face frontalization in the wild ; despite recent advances in face recognition using deep learning , severe accuracy drops are observed for large pose variations in unconstrained environments . learning pose - invariant features is one solution , but needs expensively labeled large - scale data and carefully designed feature learning algorithms . in this work , we focus on frontalizing faces in the wild under various head poses , including extreme profile views . we propose a novel deep 3d morphable ←
→ stochastic learning under random reshuffling ; in empirical risk optimization , it has been observed that stochastic gradient implementations that rely on random reshuffling of the data achieve better performance than implementations that rely on sampling the data uniformly . recent works have pursued justifications for this behavior by examining the convergence rate of the learning process under diminishing step - sizes . this work focuses on the constant step - size case . in this case , convergence is guaranteed ←
→ fast projections onto mixed - norm balls with applications ; joint sparsity offers powerful structural cues for feature selection , especially for variables that are expected to demonstrate a " grouped " behavior . such behavior is commonly modeled via group - lasso , multitask lasso , and related methods where feature selection is effected via mixed - norms . several mixed - norm based sparse models have received substantial attention , and for some cases efficient algorithms are also available . surprisingly , several cons ←
→ unsupervised segmentation of multispectral images with cellular automata ; multispectral images acquired by satellites are used to study phenomena on the earth ' s surface . unsupervised classification techniques analyze multispectral image content without considering prior knowledge of the observed terrain ; this is done using techniques which group pixels that have similar statistics of digital level distribution in the various image channels . in this paper , we propose a methodology for unsupervised classific ←
→ a unified approach of multi - scale deep and hand - crafted features for defocus estimation ; in this paper , we introduce robust and synergetic hand - crafted features and a simple but efficient deep feature from a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture for defocus estimation . this paper systematically analyzes the effectiveness of different features , and shows how each feature can compensate for the weaknesses of other features when they are concatenated . for a full defocus map estimation , we extract ←
→ wasserstein distance measure machines ; this paper presents a distance - based discriminative framework for learning with probability distributions . instead of using kernel mean embeddings or generalized radial basis kernels , we introduce embeddings based on dissimilarity of distributions to some reference distributions denoted as templates . our framework extends the theory of similarity of \ citet { balcan2008theory } to the population distribution case and we prove that , for some learning problems , wasserstein ←
→ phase transitions in image denoising via sparsely coding convolutional neural networks ; neural networks are analogous in many ways to spin glasses , systems which are known for their rich set of dynamics and equally complex phase diagrams . we apply well - known techniques in the study of spin glasses to a convolutional sparsely encoding neural network and observe power law finite - size scaling behavior in the sparsity and reconstruction error as the network denoises 32 $\ times $ 32 rgb cifar - 10 images . this fin ←
→ gaussian affine feature detector ; a new method is proposed to get image features ' geometric information . using gaussian as an input signal , a theoretical optimal solution to calculate feature ' s affine shape is proposed . based on analytic result of a feature model , the method is different from conventional iterative approaches . from the model , feature ' s parameters such as position , orientation , background luminance , contrast , area and aspect ratio can be extracted . tested with synthesized and benchmark data ←
→ parameter - free online learning via model selection ; we introduce an efficient algorithmic framework for model selection in online learning , also known as parameter - free online learning . departing from previous work , which has focused on highly structured function classes such as nested balls in hilbert space , we propose a generic meta - algorithm framework that achieves online model selection oracle inequalities under minimal structural assumptions . we give the first computationally efficient parameter - free ←
→ finding robust solutions to stable marriage ; we study the notion of robustness in stable matching problems . we first define robustness by introducing ( a , b )- supermatches . an $( a , b )$- supermatch is a stable matching in which if $ a $ pairs break up it is possible to find another stable matching by changing the partners of those $ a $ pairs and at most $ b $ other pairs . in this context , we define the most robust stable matching as a $( 1 , b )$- supermatch where b is minimum . we show that checking whether a given stable ←
→ efficiently computing piecewise flat embeddings for data clustering and image segmentation ; image segmentation is a popular area of research in computer vision that has many applications in automated image processing . a recent technique called piecewise flat embeddings ( pfe ) has been proposed for use in image segmentation ; pfe transforms image pixel data into a lower dimensional representation where similar pixels are pulled close together and dissimilar pixels are pushed apart . this technique has shown ←
→ a statistical test for joint distributions equivalence ; we provide a distribution - free test that can be used to determine whether any two joint distributions $ p $ and $ q $ are statistically different by inspection of a large enough set of samples . following recent efforts from long et al . [ 1 ], we rely on joint kernel distribution embedding to extend the kernel two - sample test of gretton et al . [ 2 ] to the case of joint probability distributions . our main result can be directly applied to verify if a dataset - s ←
→ segmentation of glioma tumors in brain using deep convolutional neural network ; detection of brain tumor using a segmentation based approach is critical in cases , where survival of a subject depends on an accurate and timely clinical diagnosis . gliomas are the most commonly found tumors having irregular shape and ambiguous boundaries , making them one of the hardest tumors to detect . the automation of brain tumor segmentation remains a challenging problem mainly due to significant variations in its struct ←
→ syntax aware lstm model for chinese semantic role labeling ; as for semantic role labeling ( srl ) task , when it comes to utilizing parsing information , both traditional methods and recent recurrent neural network ( rnn ) based methods use the feature engineering way . in this paper , we propose syntax aware long short time memory ( sa - lstm ). the structure of sa - lstm modifies according to dependency parsing information in order to model parsing information directly in an architecture engineering way instead of feat ←
→ feature extraction and automated classification of heartbeats by machine learning ; we present algorithms for the detection of a class of heart arrhythmias with the goal of eventual adoption by practicing cardiologists . in clinical practice , detection is based on a small number of meaningful features extracted from the heartbeat cycle . however , techniques proposed in the literature use high dimensional vectors consisting of morphological , and time based features for detection . using electrocardiogram ( ecg ←
→ fast nonparametric conditional density estimation ; conditional density estimation generalizes regression by modeling a full density f ( yjx ) rather than only the expected value e ( yjx ). this is important for many tasks , including handling multi - modality and generating prediction intervals . though fundamental and widely applicable , nonparametric conditional density estimators have received relatively little attention from statisticians and little or none from the machine learning community . none of that work h ←
→ flatness of the energy landscape for horn clauses ; the little - hopfield neural network programmed with horn clauses is studied . we argue that the energy landscape of the system , corresponding to the inconsistency function for logical interpretations of the sets of horn clauses , has minimal ruggedness . this is supported by computer simulations .←
→ dimension reduction by mutual information discriminant analysis ; in the past few decades , researchers have proposed many discriminant analysis ( da ) algorithms for the study of high - dimensional data in a variety of problems . most da algorithms for feature extraction are based on transformations that simultaneously maximize the between - class scatter and minimize the withinclass scatter matrices . this paper presents a novel da algorithm for feature extraction using mutual information ( mi ). however , it is not ←
→ evolving chaos : identifying new attractors of the generalised lorenz family ; in a recent paper , we presented an intelligent evolutionary search technique through genetic programming ( gp ) for finding new analytical expressions of nonlinear dynamical systems , similar to the classical lorenz attractor ' s which also exhibit chaotic behaviour in the phase space . in this paper , we extend our previous finding to explore yet another gallery of new chaotic attractors which are derived from the original lorenz syst ←
→ surrogate scoring rules and a dominant truth serum for information elicitation ; we study information elicitation without verification ( iewv ) and ask the following question : can we achieve truthfulness in dominant strategy in iewv ? this paper considers two elicitation settings . the first setting is when the mechanism designer has access to a random variable that is a noisy or proxy version of the ground truth , with known biases . the second setting is the standard peer prediction setting where agents ' repo ←
→ enhancing the reliability of out - of - distribution image detection in neural networks ; we consider the problem of detecting out - of - distribution images in neural networks . we propose odin , a simple and effective method that does not require any change to a pre - trained neural network . our method is based on the observation that using temperature scaling and adding small perturbations to the input can separate the softmax score distributions between in - and out - of - distribution images , allowing for more effect ←
→ a sparse nonlinear classifier design using auc optimization ; auc ( area under the roc curve ) is an important performance measure for applications where the data is highly imbalanced . learning to maximize auc performance is thus an important research problem . using a max - margin based surrogate loss function , auc optimization problem can be approximated as a pairwise ranksvm learning problem . batch learning methods for solving the kernelized version of this problem suffer from scalability and may not result i ←
→ on data preconditioning for regularized loss minimization ; in this work , we study data preconditioning , a well - known and long - existing technique , for boosting the convergence of first - order methods for regularized loss minimization . it is well understood that the condition number of the problem , i . e ., the ratio of the lipschitz constant to the strong convexity modulus , has a harsh effect on the convergence of the first - order optimization methods . therefore , minimizing a small regularized loss for achieving ←
→ automated image analysis framework for the high - throughput determination of grapevine berry sizes using conditional random fields ; the berry size is one of the most important fruit traits in grapevine breeding . non - invasive , image - based phenotyping promises a fast and precise method for the monitoring of the grapevine berry size . in the present study an automated image analyzing framework was developed in order to estimate the size of grapevine berries from images in a high - throughput manner . the framewo ←
→ theory of dependent hierarchical normalized random measures ; this paper presents theory for normalized random measures ( nrms ), normalized generalized gammas ( nggs ), a particular kind of nrm , and dependent hierarchical nrms which allow networks of dependent nrms to be analysed . these have been used , for instance , for time - dependent topic modelling . in this paper , we first introduce some mathematical background of completely random measures ( crms ) and their construction from poisson processes , and then intro ←
→ registration of brain images using fast walsh hadamard transform ; a lot of image registration techniques have been developed with great significance for data analysis in medicine , astrophotography , satellite imaging and few other areas . this work proposes a method for medical image registration using fast walsh hadamard transform . this algorithm registers images of the same or different modalities . each image bit is lengthened in terms of fast walsh hadamard basis functions . each basis function is a notion ←
→ multikulti algorithm : migrating the most different genotypes in an island model ; migration policies in distributed evolutionary algorithms has not been an active research area until recently . however , in the same way as operators have an impact on performance , the choice of migrants is due to have an impact too . in this paper we propose a new policy ( named multikulti ) for choosing the individuals that are going to be sent to other nodes , based on multiculturality : the individual sent should be as differe ←
→ empirical analysis of the necessary and sufficient conditions of the echo state property ; the echo state network ( esn ) is a specific recurrent network , which has gained popularity during the last years . the model has a recurrent network named reservoir , that is fixed during the learning process . the reservoir is used for transforming the input space in a larger space . a fundamental property that provokes an impact on the model accuracy is the echo state property ( esp ). there are two main theoretical resu ←
→ multi - pointer co - attention networks for recommendation ; many recent state - of - the - art recommender systems such as d - att , transnet and deepconn exploit reviews for representation learning . this paper proposes a new neural architecture for recommendation with reviews . our model operates on a multi - hierarchical paradigm and is based on the intuition that not all reviews are created equal , i . e ., only a select few are important . the importance , however , should be dynamically inferred depending on the current tar ←
→ some theorems for feed forward neural networks ; in this paper we introduce a new method which employs the concept of " orientation vectors " to train a feed forward neural network and suitable for problems where large dimensions are involved and the clusters are characteristically sparse . the new method is not np hard as the problem size increases . we ` derive ' the method by starting from kolmogrov ' s method and then relax some of the stringent conditions . we show for most classification problems three layers ←
→ tree - structured neural machine for linguistics - aware sentence generation ; different from other sequential data , sentences in natural language are structured by linguistic grammars . previous generative conversational models with chain - structured decoder ignore this structure in human language and might generate plausible responses with less satisfactory relevance and fluency . in this study , we aim to incorporate the results from linguistic analysis into the process of sentence generation for high - quality co ←
→ online learning in repeated auctions ; motivated by online advertising auctions , we consider repeated vickrey auctions where goods of unknown value are sold sequentially and bidders only learn ( potentially noisy ) information about a good ' s value once it is purchased . we adopt an online learning approach with bandit feedback to model this problem and derive bidding strategies for two models : stochastic and adversarial . in the stochastic model , the observed values of the goods are random variables centered ar ←
→ deep decentralized multi - task multi - agent reinforcement learning under partial observability ; many real - world tasks involve multiple agents with partial observability and limited communication . learning is challenging in these settings due to local viewpoints of agents , which perceive the world as non - stationary due to concurrently - exploring teammates . approaches that learn specialized policies for individual tasks face problems when applied to the real world : not only do agents have to learn and store d ←
→ digitising cultural complexity : representing rich cultural data in a big data environment ; one of the major terminological forces driving ict integration in research today is that of " big data ." while the phrase sounds inclusive and integrative , " big data " approaches are highly selective , excluding input that cannot be effectively structured , represented , or digitised . data of this complex sort is precisely the kind that human activity produces , but the technological imperative to enhance signal through ←
→ a plausibility semantics for abstract argumentation frameworks ; we propose and investigate a simple ranking - measure - based extension semantics for abstract argumentation frameworks based on their generic instantiation by default knowledge bases and the ranking construction semantics for default reasoning . in this context , we consider the path from structured to logical to shallow semantic instantiations . the resulting well - justified jz - extension semantics diverges from more traditional approaches .←
→ fitting a simplicial complex using a variation of k - means ; we give a simple and effective two stage algorithm for approximating a point cloud $\ mathcal { s }\ subset \ mathbb { r }^ m $ by a simplicial complex $ k $. the first stage is an iterative fitting procedure that generalizes k - means clustering , while the second stage involves deleting redundant simplices . a form of dimension reduction of $\ mathcal { s }$ is obtained as a consequence .←
→ belief propagation and beyond for particle tracking ; we describe a novel approach to statistical learning from particles tracked while moving in a random environment . the problem consists in inferring properties of the environment from recorded snapshots . we consider here the case of a fluid seeded with identical passive particles that diffuse and are advected by a flow . our approach rests on efficient algorithms to estimate the weighted number of possible matchings among particles in two consecutive snaps ←
→ a parameterized activation function for learning fuzzy logic operations in deep neural networks ; we present a deep learning architecture for learning fuzzy logic expressions . our model uses an innovative , parameterized , differentiable activation function that can learn a number of logical operations by gradient descent . this activation function allows a neural network to determine the relationships between its input variables and provides insight into the logical significance of learned network parameter ←
→ recovering block - structured activations using compressive measurements ; we consider the problems of detection and localization of a contiguous block of weak activation in a large matrix , from a small number of noisy , possibly adaptive , compressive ( linear ) measurements . this is closely related to the problem of compressed sensing , where the task is to estimate a sparse vector using a small number of linear measurements . contrary to results in compressed sensing , where it has been shown that neither adaptiv ←
→ examining the impact of blur on recognition by convolutional networks ; state - of - the - art algorithms for many semantic visual tasks are based on the use of convolutional neural networks . these networks are commonly trained , and evaluated , on large annotated datasets of artifact - free high - quality images . in this paper , we investigate the effect of one such artifact that is quite common in natural capture settings : optical blur . we show that standard network models , trained only on high - quality images , suffer ←
→ improving bi - directional generation between different modalities with variational autoencoders ; we investigate deep generative models that can exchange multiple modalities bi - directionally , e . g ., generating images from corresponding texts and vice versa . a major approach to achieve this objective is to train a model that integrates all the information of different modalities into a joint representation and then to generate one modality from the corresponding other modality via this joint representation . ←
→ online learning of assignments that maximize submodular functions ; which ads should we display in sponsored search in order to maximize our revenue ? how should we dynamically rank information sources to maximize value of information ? these applications exhibit strong diminishing returns : selection of redundant ads and information sources decreases their marginal utility . we show that these and other problems can be formalized as repeatedly selecting an assignment of items to positions to maximize a sequenc ←
→ enablers and inhibitors in causal justifications of logic programs ; to appear in theory and practice of logic programming ( tplp ). in this paper we propose an extension of logic programming ( lp ) where each default literal derived from the well - founded model is associated to a justification represented as an algebraic expression . this expression contains both causal explanations ( in the form of proof graphs built with rule labels ) and terms under the scope of negation that stand for conditions that enable or ←
→ moopps : an optimization system for multi objective scheduling ; in the current paper , we present an optimization system solving multi objective production scheduling problems ( moopps ). the identification of pareto optimal alternatives or at least a close approximation of them is possible by a set of implemented metaheuristics . necessary control parameters can easily be adjusted by the decision maker as the whole software is fully menu driven . this allows the comparison of different metaheuristic algorithms ←
→ exploiting reduction rules and data structures : local search for minimum vertex cover in massive graphs ; the minimum vertex cover ( minvc ) problem is a well - known np - hard problem . recently there has been great interest in solving this problem on real - world massive graphs . for such graphs , local search is a promising approach to finding optimal or near - optimal solutions . in this paper we propose a local search algorithm that exploits reduction rules and data structures to solve the minvc problem in such gr ←
→ large - scale validation of counterfactual learning methods : a test - bed ; the ability to perform effective off - policy learning would revolutionize the process of building better interactive systems , such as search engines and recommendation systems for e - commerce , computational advertising and news . recent approaches for off - policy evaluation and learning in these settings appear promising . with this paper , we provide real - world data and a standardized test - bed to systematically investigate these algorithms u ←
→ natural language generation for spoken dialogue system using rnn encoder - decoder networks ; natural language generation ( nlg ) is a critical component in a spoken dialogue system . this paper presents a recurrent neural network based encoder - decoder architecture , in which an lstm - based decoder is introduced to select , aggregate semantic elements produced by an attention mechanism over the input elements , and to produce the required utterances . the proposed generator can be jointly trained both sentence plan ←
→ development and application of a machine learning supported methodology for measurement and verification ( m & v ) 2 . 0 ; the foundations of all methodologies for the measurement and verification ( m & v ) of energy savings are based on the same five key principles : accuracy , completeness , conservatism , consistency and transparency . the most widely accepted methodologies tend to generalise m & v so as to ensure applicability across the spectrum of energy conservation measures ( ecm ' s ). these do not provide a rigid ca ←
→ artificial intelligence based cognitive routing for cognitive radio networks ; cognitive radio networks ( crns ) are networks of nodes equipped with cognitive radios that can optimize performance by adapting to network conditions . while cognitive radio networks ( crn ) are envisioned as intelligent networks , relatively little research has focused on the network level functionality of crns . although various routing protocols , incorporating varying degrees of adaptiveness , have been proposed for crns , it is imp ←
→ rate - distortion auto - encoders ; a rekindled the interest in auto - encoder algorithms has been spurred by recent work on deep learning . current efforts have been directed towards effective training of auto - encoder architectures with a large number of coding units . here , we propose a learning algorithm for auto - encoders based on a rate - distortion objective that minimizes the mutual information between the inputs and the outputs of the auto - encoder subject to a fidelity constraint . the goal is to learn a repres ←
→ n2sky - neural networks as services in the clouds ; we present the n2sky system , which provides a framework for the exchange of neural network specific knowledge , as neural network paradigms and objects , by a virtual organization environment . it follows the sky computing paradigm delivering ample resources by the usage of federated clouds . n2sky is a novel cloud - based neural network simulation environment , which follows a pure service oriented approach . the system implements a transparent environment aiming ←
→ a fusion of labeled - grid shape descriptors with weighted ranking algorithm for shapes recognition ; retrieving similar images from a large dataset based on the image content has been a very active research area and is a very challenging task . studies have shown that retrieving similar images based on their shape is a very effective method . for this purpose a large number of methods exist in literature . the combination of more than one feature has also been investigated for this purpose and has shown promi ←
→ a delta debugger for ilp query execution ; because query execution is the most crucial part of inductive logic programming ( ilp ) algorithms , a lot of effort is invested in developing faster execution mechanisms . these execution mechanisms typically have a low - level implementation , making them hard to debug . moreover , other factors such as the complexity of the problems handled by ilp algorithms and size of the code base of ilp data mining systems make debugging at this level a very difficult job . in this wo ←
→ super - resolution with deep convolutional sufficient statistics ; inverse problems in image and audio , and super - resolution in particular , can be seen as high - dimensional structured prediction problems , where the goal is to characterize the conditional distribution of a high - resolution output given its low - resolution corrupted observation . when the scaling ratio is small , point estimates achieve impressive performance , but soon they suffer from the regression - to - the - mean problem , result of their inability to ←
→ bellman error based feature generation using random projections on sparse spaces ; we address the problem of automatic generation of features for value function approximation . bellman error basis functions ( bebfs ) have been shown to improve the error of policy evaluation with function approximation , with a convergence rate similar to that of value iteration . we propose a simple , fast and robust algorithm based on random projections to generate bebfs for sparse feature spaces . we provide a finite sample an ←
→ a deep multi - view learning framework for city event extraction from twitter data streams ; cities have been a thriving place for citizens over the centuries due to their complex infrastructure . the emergence of the cyber - physical - social systems ( cpss ) and context - aware technologies boost a growing interest in analysing , extracting and eventually understanding city events which subsequently can be utilised to leverage the citizen observations of their cities . in this paper , we investigate the feasibility o ←
→ semi - dense 3d semantic mapping from monocular slam ; the bundle of geometry and appearance in computer vision has proven to be a promising solution for robots across a wide variety of applications . stereo cameras and rgb - d sensors are widely used to realise fast 3d reconstruction and trajectory tracking in a dense way . however , they lack flexibility of seamless switch between different scaled environments , i . e ., indoor and outdoor scenes . in addition , semantic information are still hard to acquire in a 3d m ←
→ cnns are globally optimal given multi - layer support ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is the central workhorse for training modern cnns . although giving impressive empirical performance it can be slow to converge . in this paper we explore a novel strategy for training a cnn using an alternation strategy that offers substantial speedups during training . we make the following contributions : ( i ) replace the relu non - linearity within a cnn with positive hard - thresholding , ( ii ) reinterpret this non - linearity a ←
→ consecutive support : better be close ! ; we propose a new measure of support ( the number of occur - rences of a pattern ), in which instances are more important if they occur with a certain frequency and close after each other in the stream of trans - actions . we will explain this new consecutive support and discuss how patterns can be found faster by pruning the search space , for instance using so - called parent support recalculation . both consecutiveness and the notion of hypercliques are incorporated into the ←
→ icfvr 2017 : 3rd international competition on finger vein recognition ; in recent years , finger vein recognition has become an important sub - field in biometrics and been applied to real - world applications . the development of finger vein recognition algorithms heavily depends on large - scale real - world data sets . in order to motivate research on finger vein recognition , we released the largest finger vein data set up to now and hold finger vein recognition competitions based on our data set every year . in 2017 ←
→ wavelet based qrs complex detection of ecg signal ; the electrocardiogram ( ecg ) is a sensitive diagnostic tool that is used to detect various cardiovascular diseases by measuring and recording the electrical activity of the heart in exquisite detail . a wide range of heart condition is determined by thorough examination of the features of the ecg report . automatic extraction of time plane features is important for identification of vital cardiac diseases . this paper presents a multi - resolution wavelet transf ←
→ copulaedas : an r package for estimation of distribution algorithms based on copulas ; the use of copula - based models in edas ( estimation of distribution algorithms ) is currently an active area of research . in this context , the copulaedas package for r provides a platform where edas based on copulas can be implemented and studied . the package offers complete implementations of various edas based on copulas and vines , a group of well - known optimization problems , and utility functions to study the performanc ←
→ globally normalized transition - based neural networks ; we introduce a globally normalized transition - based neural network model that achieves state - of - the - art part - of - speech tagging , dependency parsing and sentence compression results . our model is a simple feed - forward neural network that operates on a task - specific transition system , yet achieves comparable or better accuracies than recurrent models . we discuss the importance of global as opposed to local normalization : a key insight is that the label bia ←
→ ranking via robust binary classification and parallel parameter estimation in large - scale data ; we propose robirank , a ranking algorithm that is motivated by observing a close connection between evaluation metrics for learning to rank and loss functions for robust classification . the algorithm shows a very competitive performance on standard benchmark datasets against other representative algorithms in the literature . on the other hand , in large scale problems where explicit feature vectors and scores ar ←
→ smoothed dual embedding control ; we revisit the bellman optimality equation with nesterov ' s smoothing technique and provide a unique saddle - point optimization perspective of the policy optimization problem in reinforcement learning based on fenchel duality . a new reinforcement learning algorithm , called smoothed dual embedding control or sdec , is derived to solve the saddle - point reformulation with arbitrary learnable function approximator . the algorithm bypasses the policy evaluation step in the policy op ←
→ ultimate intelligence part i : physical completeness and objectivity of induction ; we propose that solomonoff induction is complete in the physical sense via several strong physical arguments . we also argue that solomonoff induction is fully applicable to quantum mechanics . we show how to choose an objective reference machine for universal induction by defining a physical message complexity and physical message probability , and argue that this choice dissolves some well - known objections to universal induc ←
→ blistr : the blind strategymaker ; blistr is a system that automatically develops strategies for e prover on a large set of problems . the main idea is to interleave ( i ) iterated low - timelimit local search for new strategies on small sets of similar easy problems with ( ii ) higher - timelimit evaluation of the new strategies on all problems . the accumulated results of the global higher - timelimit runs are used to define and evolve the notion of " similar easy problems ", and to control the selection of the next str ←
→ nonlinear eigenproblems in data analysis - balanced graph cuts and the ratiodca - prox ; it has been recently shown that a large class of balanced graph cuts allows for an exact relaxation into a nonlinear eigenproblem . we review briefly some of these results and propose a family of algorithms to compute nonlinear eigenvectors which encompasses previous work as special cases . we provide a detailed analysis of the properties and the convergence behavior of these algorithms and then discuss their application ←
→ light - weight place recognition and loop detection using road markings ; in this paper , we propose an efficient algorithm for robust place recognition and loop detection using camera information only . our pipeline purely relies on spatial localization and semantic information of road markings . the creation of the database of road markings sequences is performed online , which makes the method applicable for real - time loop closure for visual slam techniques . furthermore , our algorithm is robust to various weat ←
→ the yahoo query treebank , v . 1 . 0 ; a description and annotation guidelines for the yahoo webscope release of query treebank , version 1 . 0 , may 2016 .←
→ planning as tabled logic programming ; this paper describes picat ' s planner , its implementation , and planning models for several domains used in international planning competition ( ipc ) 2014 . picat ' s planner is implemented by use of tabling . during search , every state encountered is tabled , and tabled states are used to effectively perform resource - bounded search . in picat , structured data can be used to avoid enumerating all possible permutations of objects , and term sharing is used to avoid duplication of ←
→ improving reliability of word similarity evaluation by redesigning annotation task and performance measure ; we suggest a new method for creating and using gold - standard datasets for word similarity evaluation . our goal is to improve the reliability of the evaluation , and we do this by redesigning the annotation task to achieve higher inter - rater agreement , and by defining a performance measure which takes the reliability of each annotation decision in the dataset into account .←
→ challenges in bridging social semantics and formal semantics on the web ; this paper describes several results of wimmics , a research lab which names stands for : web - instrumented man - machine interactions , communities , and semantics . the approaches introduced here rely on graph - oriented knowledge representation , reasoning and operationalization to model and support actors , actions and interactions in web - based epistemic communities . the re - search results are applied to support and foster interactions in onli ←
→ on sensitivity of the map bayesian network structure to the equivalent sample size parameter ; bdeu marginal likelihood score is a popular model selection criterion for selecting a bayesian network structure based on sample data . this non - informative scoring criterion assigns same score for network structures that encode same independence statements . however , before applying the bdeu score , one must determine a single parameter , the equivalent sample size alpha . unfortunately no generally accepted rule fo ←
→ bayesian dropout ; dropout has recently emerged as a powerful and simple method for training neural networks preventing co - adaptation by stochastically omitting neurons . dropout is currently not grounded in explicit modelling assumptions which so far has precluded its adoption in bayesian modelling . using bayesian entropic reasoning we show that dropout can be interpreted as optimal inference under constraints . we demonstrate this on an analytically tractable regression model providing a bayesian interpreta ←
→ 3dfacenet : real - time dense face reconstruction via synthesizing photo - realistic face images ; with the powerfulness of convolution neural networks ( cnn ), cnn based face reconstruction has recently shown promising performance in reconstructing detailed face shape from 2d face images . the success of cnn - based methods relies on a large number of labeled data . the state - of - the - art synthesizes such data using a coarse morphable face model , which however has difficulty to generate detailed photo - realistic image ←
→ the dynamics of adaboost weights tells you what ' s hard to classify ; the dynamical evolution of weights in the adaboost algorithm contains useful information about the role that the associated data points play in the built of the adaboost model . in particular , the dynamics induces a bipartition of the data set into two ( easy / hard ) classes . easy points are ininfluential in the making of the model , while the varying relevance of hard points can be gauged in terms of an entropy value associated to their evolut ←
→ instancecut : from edges to instances with multicut ; this work addresses the task of instance - aware semantic segmentation . our key motivation is to design a simple method with a new modelling - paradigm , which therefore has a different trade - off between advantages and disadvantages compared to known approaches . our approach , we term instancecut , represents the problem by two output modalities : ( i ) an instance - agnostic semantic segmentation and ( ii ) all instance - boundaries . the former is computed from a standa ←
→ discovering topics in text datasets by visualizing relevant words ; when dealing with large collections of documents , it is imperative to quickly get an overview of the texts ' contents . in this paper we show how this can be achieved by using a clustering algorithm to identify topics in the dataset and then selecting and visualizing relevant words , which distinguish a group of documents from the rest of the texts , to summarize the contents of the documents belonging to each topic . we demonstrate our approach ←
→ generalization in machine learning via analytical learning theory ; this paper introduces a novel measure - theoretic learning theory to analyze generalization behaviors of practical interest . the proposed learning theory has the following abilities : 1 ) to utilize the qualities of each learned representation on the path from raw inputs to outputs in representation learning , 2 ) to guarantee good generalization errors possibly with arbitrarily rich hypothesis spaces ( e . g ., arbitrarily large capacity and rademac ←
→ large - scale shape retrieval with sparse 3d convolutional neural networks ; in this paper we present results of performance evaluation of s3dcnn - a sparse 3d convolutional neural network - on a large - scale 3d shape benchmark modelnet40 , and measure how it is impacted by voxel resolution of input shape . we demonstrate comparable classification and retrieval performance to state - of - the - art models , but with much less computational costs in training and inference phases . we also notice that benefits of higher i ←
→ software requirement specification using reverse speech technology ; speech analysis had been taken to a new level with the discovery of reverse speech ( rs ). rs is the discovery of hidden messages , referred as reversals , in normal speech . works are in progress for exploiting the relevance of rs in different real world applications such as investigation , medical field etc . in this paper we represent an innovative method for preparing a reliable software requirement specification ( srs ) document with the help ←
→ a general purpose inference engine for evidential reasoning research ; the purpose of this paper is to report on the most recent developments in our ongoing investigation of the representation and manipulation of uncertainty in automated reasoning systems . in our earlier studies ( tong and shapiro , 1985 ) we described a series of experiments with rubric ( tong et al ., 1985 ), a system for full - text document retrieval , that generated some interesting insights into the effects of choosing among a class of scalar ←
→ automatic myocardial segmentation by using a deep learning network in cardiac mri ; cardiac function is of paramount importance for both prognosis and treatment of different pathologies such as mitral regurgitation , ischemia , dyssynchrony and myocarditis . cardiac behavior is determined by structural and functional features . in both cases , the analysis of medical imaging studies requires to detect and segment the myocardium . nowadays , magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) is one of the most relevant and accurat ←
→ particle swarm optimization for generating interpretable fuzzy reinforcement learning policies ; fuzzy controllers are efficient and interpretable system controllers for continuous state and action spaces . to date , such controllers have been constructed manually or trained automatically either using expert - generated problem - specific cost functions or incorporating detailed knowledge about the optimal control strategy . both requirements for automatic training processes are not found in most real - world rein ←
→ weakly supervised deep detection networks ; weakly supervised learning of object detection is an important problem in image understanding that still does not have a satisfactory solution . in this paper , we address this problem by exploiting the power of deep convolutional neural networks pre - trained on large - scale image - level classification tasks . we propose a weakly supervised deep detection architecture that modifies one such network to operate at the level of image regions , performing simultaneously regi ←
→ state of the art review for applying computational intelligence and machine learning techniques to portfolio optimisation ; computational techniques have shown much promise in the field of finance , owing to their ability to extract sense out of dauntingly complex systems . this paper reviews the most promising of these techniques , from traditional computational intelligence methods to their machine learning siblings , with particular view to their application in optimising the management of a portfolio of f ←
→ resparc : a reconfigurable and energy - efficient architecture with memristive crossbars for deep spiking neural networks ; neuromorphic computing using post - cmos technologies is gaining immense popularity due to its promising abilities to address the memory and power bottlenecks in von - neumann computing systems . in this paper , we propose resparc - a reconfigurable and energy efficient architecture built - on memristive crossbar arrays ( mca ) for deep spiking neural networks ( snns ). prior works were primarily f ←
→ scalable kernel - based variable selection with sparsistency ; variable selection is central to high - dimensional data analysis , and various algorithms have been developed . ideally , a variable selection algorithm shall be flexible , scalable , and with theoretical guarantee , yet most existing algorithms cannot attain these properties at the same time . in this article , a three - step variable selection algorithm is developed , involving kernel - based estimation of the regression function and its gradient functions as ←
→ learning representations from road network for end - to - end urban growth simulation ; from our experiences in the past , we have seen that the growth of cities is very much dependent on the transportation networks . in mega cities , transportation networks determine to a significant extent as to where the people will move and houses will be built . hence , transportation network data is crucial to an urban growth prediction system . existing works have used manually derived distance based features based on the ro ←
→ unsupervised video understanding by reconciliation of posture similarities ; understanding human activity and being able to explain it in detail surpasses mere action classification by far in both complexity and value . the challenge is thus to describe an activity on the basis of its most fundamental constituents , the individual postures and their distinctive transitions . supervised learning of such a fine - grained representation based on elementary poses is very tedious and does not scale . therefore , we p ←
→ control of gene regulatory networks with noisy measurements and uncertain inputs ; this paper is concerned with the problem of stochastic control of gene regulatory networks ( grns ) observed indirectly through noisy measurements and with uncertainty in the intervention inputs . the partial observability of the gene states and uncertainty in the intervention process are accounted for by modeling grns using the partially - observed boolean dynamical system ( pobds ) signal model with noisy gene expression measure ←
→ clustering with side information : from a probabilistic model to a deterministic algorithm ; in this paper , we propose a model - based clustering method ( tvclust ) that robustly incorporates noisy side information as soft - constraints and aims to seek a consensus between side information and the observed data . our method is based on a nonparametric bayesian hierarchical model that combines the probabilistic model for the data instance and the one for the side - information . an efficient gibbs sampling algorithm ←
→ interactive learning of acyclic conditional preference networks ; learning of user preferences , as represented by , for example , conditional preference networks ( cp - nets ), has become a core issue in ai research . recent studies investigate learning of cp - nets from randomly chosen examples or from membership and equivalence queries . to assess the optimality of learning algorithms as well as to better understand the combinatorial structure of classes of cp - nets , it is helpful to calculate certain learning - theor ←
→ volume - based semantic labeling with signed distance functions ; research works on the two topics of semantic segmentation and slam ( simultaneous localization and mapping ) have been following separate tracks . here , we link them quite tightly by delineating a category label fusion technique that allows for embedding semantic information into the dense map created by a volume - based slam algorithm such as kinectfusion . accordingly , our approach is the first to provide a semantically labeled dense reconstruction ←
→ robust clustering for time series using spectral densities and functional data analysis ; in this work a robust clustering algorithm for stationary time series is proposed . the algorithm is based on the use of estimated spectral densities , which are considered as functional data , as the basic characteristic of stationary time series for clustering purposes . a robust algorithm for functional data is then applied to the set of spectral densities . trimming techniques and restrictions on the scatter within gr ←
→ real - time document image classification using deep cnn and extreme learning machines ; this paper presents an approach for real - time training and testing for document image classification . in production environments , it is crucial to perform accurate and ( time -) efficient training . existing deep learning approaches for classifying documents do not meet these requirements , as they require much time for training and fine - tuning the deep architectures . motivated from computer vision , we propose a two - stage ap ←
→ turing test for the internet of things ; how smart is your kettle ? how smart are things in your kitchen , your house , your neighborhood , on the internet ? with the advent of internet of things , and the move of making devices ` smart ' by utilizing ai , a natural question arrises , how can we evaluate the progress . the standard way of evaluating ai is through the turing test . while turing test was designed for ai ; the device that it was tailored to was a computer . applying the test to variety of devices that const ←
→ leveraging node attributes for incomplete relational data ; relational data are usually highly incomplete in practice , which inspires us to leverage side information to improve the performance of community detection and link prediction . this paper presents a bayesian probabilistic approach that incorporates various kinds of node attributes encoded in binary form in relational models with poisson likelihood . our method works flexibly with both directed and undirected relational networks . the inference can be ←
→ using task descriptions in lifelong machine learning for improved performance and zero - shot transfer ; knowledge transfer between tasks can improve the performance of learned models , but requires an accurate estimate of the inter - task relationships to identify the relevant knowledge to transfer . these inter - task relationships are typically estimated based on training data for each task , which is inefficient in lifelong learning settings where the goal is to learn each consecutive task rapidly from as litt ←
→ quantifying scripts : defining metrics of characters for quantitative and descriptive analysis ; analysis of scripts plays an important role in paleography and in quantitative linguistics . especially in the field of digital paleography quantitative features are much needed to differentiate glyphs . we describe an elaborate set of metrics that quantify qualitative information contained in characters and hence indirectly also quantify the scribal features . we broadly divide the metrics into several categories ←
→ implicit distortion and fertility models for attention - based encoder - decoder nmt model ; neural machine translation has shown very promising results lately . most nmt models follow the encoder - decoder framework . to make encoder - decoder models more flexible , attention mechanism was introduced to machine translation and also other tasks like speech recognition and image captioning . we observe that the quality of translation by attention - based encoder - decoder can be significantly damaged when the alignment is ←
→ bbq - networks : efficient exploration in deep reinforcement learning for task - oriented dialogue systems ; we present a new algorithm that significantly improves the efficiency of exploration for deep q - learning agents in dialogue systems . our agents explore via thompson sampling , drawing monte carlo samples from a bayes - by - backprop neural network . our algorithm learns much faster than common exploration strategies such as \ epsilon - greedy , boltzmann , bootstrapping , and intrinsic - reward - based ones . additional ←
→ a graph - embedded deep feedforward network for disease outcome classification and feature selection using gene expression data ; gene expression data represents a unique challenge in predictive model building , because of the small number of samples $( n )$ compared to the huge amount of features $( p )$. this "$ n << p $" property has hampered application of deep learning techniques for disease outcome classification . sparse learning by incorporating external gene network information could be a potential solution ←
→ sharing deep generative representation for perceived image reconstruction from human brain activity ; decoding human brain activities via functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) has gained increasing attention in recent years . while encouraging results have been reported in brain states classification tasks , reconstructing the details of human visual experience still remains difficult . two main challenges that hinder the development of effective models are the perplexing fmri measurement noise and th ←
→ learning to identify ambiguous and misleading news headlines ; accuracy is one of the basic principles of journalism . however , it is increasingly hard to manage due to the diversity of news media . some editors of online news tend to use catchy headlines which trick readers into clicking . these headlines are either ambiguous or misleading , degrading the reading experience of the audience . thus , identifying inaccurate news headlines is a task worth studying . previous work names these headlines " clickbaits " an ←
→ a bi - clustering framework for consensus problems ; we consider grouping as a general characterization for problems such as clustering , community detection in networks , and multiple parametric model estimation . we are interested in merging solutions from different grouping algorithms , distilling all their good qualities into a consensus solution . in this paper , we propose a bi - clustering framework and perspective for reaching consensus in such grouping problems . in particular , this is the first time that the ←
→ adaptive feature representation for visual tracking ; robust feature representation plays significant role in visual tracking . however , it remains a challenging issue , since many factors may affect the experimental performance . the existing method which combine different features by setting them equally with the fixed weight could hardly solve the issues , due to the different statistical properties of different features across various of scenarios and attributes . in this paper , by exploiting the internal re ←
→ similarity mapping with enhanced siamese network for multi - object tracking ; multi - object tracking has recently become an important area of computer vision , especially for advanced driver assistance systems ( adas ). despite growing attention , achieving high performance tracking is still challenging , with state - of - the - art systems resulting in high complexity with a large number of hyper parameters . in this paper , we focus on reducing overall system complexity and the number hyper parameters that need to be ←
→ generating abbreviations using google books library ; the article describes the original method of creating a dictionary of abbreviations based on the google books ngram corpus . the dictionary of abbreviations is designed for russian , yet as its methodology is universal it can be applied to any language . the dictionary can be used to define the function of the period during text segmentation in various applied systems of text processing . the article describes difficulties encountered in the process of its c ←
→ automatic classification of bengali sentences based on sense definitions present in bengali wordnet ; based on the sense definition of words available in the bengali wordnet , an attempt is made to classify the bengali sentences automatically into different groups in accordance with their underlying senses . the input sentences are collected from 50 different categories of the bengali text corpus developed in the tdil project of the govt . of india , while information about the different senses of particular ←
→ semantic compositional networks for visual captioning ; a semantic compositional network ( scn ) is developed for image captioning , in which semantic concepts ( i . e ., tags ) are detected from the image , and the probability of each tag is used to compose the parameters in a long short - term memory ( lstm ) network . the scn extends each weight matrix of the lstm to an ensemble of tag - dependent weight matrices . the degree to which each member of the ensemble is used to generate an image caption is tied to the image - d ←
→ boundary crossing probabilities for general exponential families ; we consider parametric exponential families of dimension $ k $ on the real line . we study a variant of \ textit { boundary crossing probabilities } coming from the multi - armed bandit literature , in the case when the real - valued distributions form an exponential family of dimension $ k $. formally , our result is a concentration inequality that bounds the probability that $\ mathcal { b }^\ psi (\ hat \ theta_n ,\ theta ^\ star )\ geq f ( t / n )/ n $, where $\ theta ^\ star ←
→ concept of e - machine : how does a " dynamical " brain learn to process " symbolic " information ? part i ; the human brain has many remarkable information processing characteristics that deeply puzzle scientists and engineers . among the most important and the most intriguing of these characteristics are the brain ' s broad universality as a learning system and its mysterious ability to dynamically change ( reconfigure ) its behavior depending on a combinatorial number of different contexts . this paper discusses a ←
→ functional dissipation microarrays for classification ; in this article , we describe a new method of extracting information from signals , called functional dissipation , that proves to be very effective for enhancing classification of high resolution , texture - rich data . our algorithm bypasses to some extent the need to have very specialized feature extraction techniques , and can potentially be used as an intermediate , feature enhancement step in any classification scheme . functional dissipation is based on ←
→ deriving probability density functions from probabilistic functional programs ; the probability density function of a probability distribution is a fundamental concept in probability theory and a key ingredient in various widely used machine learning methods . however , the necessary framework for compiling probabilistic functional programs to density functions has only recently been developed . in this work , we present a density compiler for a probabilistic language with failure and both discrete and contin ←
→ discovering cyclic causal models by independent components analysis ; we generalize shimizu et al ' s ( 2006 ) ica - based approach for discovering linear non - gaussian acyclic ( lingam ) structural equation models ( sems ) from causally sufficient , continuous - valued observational data . by relaxing the assumption that the generating sem ' s graph is acyclic , we solve the more general problem of linear non - gaussian ( ling ) sem discovery . ling discovery algorithms output the distribution equivalence class of sems which , in ←
→ autonomous cleaning of corrupted scanned documents - a generative modeling approach ; we study the task of cleaning scanned text documents that are strongly corrupted by dirt such as manual line strokes , spilled ink etc . we aim at autonomously removing dirt from a single letter - size page based only on the information the page contains . our approach , therefore , has to learn character representations without supervision and requires a mechanism to distinguish learned representations from irregular patterns .←
→ primitives for dynamic big model parallelism ; when training large machine learning models with many variables or parameters , a single machine is often inadequate since the model may be too large to fit in memory , while training can take a long time even with stochastic updates . a natural recourse is to turn to distributed cluster computing , in order to harness additional memory and processors . however , naive , unstructured parallelization of ml algorithms can make inefficient use of distributed memory , whil ←
→ communication - free parallel supervised topic models ; embarrassingly ( communication - free ) parallel markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) methods are commonly used in learning graphical models . however , mcmc cannot be directly applied in learning topic models because of the quasi - ergodicity problem caused by multimodal distribution of topics . in this paper , we develop an embarrassingly parallel mcmc algorithm for slda . our algorithm works by switching the order of sampled topics combination and labeling variable p ←
→ on distances , paths and connections for hyperspectral image segmentation ; the present paper introduces the $\ eta $ and {\ eta } connections in order to add regional information on $\ lambda $- flat zones , which only take into account a local information . a top - down approach is considered . first $\ lambda $- flat zones are built in a way leading to a sub - segmentation . then a finer segmentation is obtained by computing $\ eta $- bounded regions and $\ mu $- geodesic balls inside the $\ lambda $- flat zones . the proposed algor ←
→ active learning for developing personalized treatment ; the personalization of treatment via bio - markers and other risk categories has drawn increasing interest among clinical scientists . personalized treatment strategies can be learned using data from clinical trials , but such trials are very costly to run . this paper explores the use of active learning techniques to design more efficient trials , addressing issues such as whom to recruit , at what point in the trial , and which treatment to assign , throughou ←
→" model and run " constraint networks with a milp engine ; constraint programming ( cp ) users need significant expertise in order to model their problems appropriately , notably to select propagators and search strategies . this puts the brakes on a broader uptake of cp . in this paper , we introduce mice , a complete java cp modeler that can use any mixed integer linear programming ( milp ) solver as a solution technique . our aim is to provide an alternative tool for democratizing the " cp - style " modeling thanks to i ←
→ system dynamics modelling of the processes involving the maintenance of the naive t cell repertoire ; the study of immune system aging , i . e . immunosenescence , is a relatively new research topic . it deals with understanding the processes of immunodegradation that indicate signs of functionality loss possibly leading to death . even though it is not possible to prevent immunosenescence , there is great benefit in comprehending its causes , which may help to reverse some of the damage done and thus improve life ←
→ inferring user preferences by probabilistic logical reasoning over social networks ; we propose a framework for inferring the latent attitudes or preferences of users by performing probabilistic first - order logical reasoning over the social network graph . our method answers questions about twitter users like {\ em does this user like sushi ?} or {\ em is this user a new york knicks fan ?} by building a probabilistic model that reasons over user attributes ( the user ' s location or gender ) and the social network ←
→ using soft computer techniques on smart devices for monitoring chronic diseases : the chronious case ; chronious is an open , ubiquitous and adaptive chronic disease management platform for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) chronic kidney disease ( ckd ) and renal insufficiency . it consists of several modules : an ontology based literature search engine , a rule based decision support system , remote sensors interacting with lifestyle interfaces ( pda , monitor touchscreen ) and a machine learning module .←
→ reconstructive sparse code transfer for contour detection and semantic labeling ; we frame the task of predicting a semantic labeling as a sparse reconstruction procedure that applies a target - specific learned transfer function to a generic deep sparse code representation of an image . this strategy partitions training into two distinct stages . first , in an unsupervised manner , we learn a set of generic dictionaries optimized for sparse coding of image patches . we train a multilayer representation via recu ←
→ an improved fatigue detection system based on behavioral characteristics of driver ; in recent years , road accidents have increased significantly . one of the major reasons for these accidents , as reported is driver fatigue . due to continuous and longtime driving , the driver gets exhausted and drowsy which may lead to an accident . therefore , there is a need for a system to measure the fatigue level of driver and alert him when he / she feels drowsy to avoid accidents . thus , we propose a system which comprise ←
→ convex histogram - based joint image segmentation with regularized optimal transport cost ; we investigate in this work a versatile convex framework for multiple image segmentation , relying on the regularized optimal mass transport theory . in this setting , several transport cost functions are considered and used to match statistical distributions of features . in practice , global multidimensional histograms are estimated from the segmented image regions , and are compared to referring models that are either f ←
→ adversarial dropout regularization ; we present a method for transferring neural representations from label - rich source domains to unlabeled target domains . recent adversarial methods proposed for this task learn to align features across domains by fooling a special domain critic network . however , a drawback of this approach is that the critic simply labels the generated features as in - domain or not , without considering the boundaries between classes . this can lead to ambiguous features being generated near ←
→ analysis and optimization of loss functions for multiclass , top - k , and multilabel classification ; top - k error is currently a popular performance measure on large scale image classification benchmarks such as imagenet and places . despite its wide acceptance , our understanding of this metric is limited as most of the previous research is focused on its special case , the top - 1 error . in this work , we explore two directions that shed more light on the top - k error . first , we provide an in - depth analysis of es ←
→ finding alternate features in lasso ; we propose a method for finding alternate features missing in the lasso optimal solution . in ordinary lasso problem , one global optimum is obtained and the resulting features are interpreted as task - relevant features . however , this can overlook possibly relevant features not selected by the lasso . with the proposed method , we can provide not only the lasso optimal solution but also possible alternate features to the lasso solution . we show that such alternate features c ←
→ stream computing ; stream computing is the use of multiple autonomic and parallel modules together with integrative processors at a higher level of abstraction to embody " intelligent " processing . the biological basis of this computing is sketched and the matter of learning is examined .←
→ commonsense reasoning and large network analysis : a computational study of conceptnet 4 ; in this report a computational study of conceptnet 4 is performed using tools from the field of network analysis . part i describes the process of extracting the data from the sql database that is available online , as well as how the closure of the input among the assertions in the english language is computed . this part also performs a validation of the input as well as checks for the consistency of the entire databa ←
→ a cheap system for vehicle speed detection ; the reliable detection of speed of moving vehicles is considered key to traffic law enforcement in most countries , and is seen by many as an important tool to reduce the number of traffic accidents and fatalities . many automatic systems and different methods are employed in different countries , but as a rule they tend to be expensive and / or labor intensive , often employing outdated technology due to the long development time . here we describe a speed detection sy ←
→ on the effects of idiotypic interactions for recommendation communities in artificial immune systems ; it has previously been shown that a recommender based on immune system idiotypic principles can out perform one based on correlation alone . this paper reports the results of work in progress , where we undertake some investigations into the nature of this beneficial effect . the initial findings are that the immune system recommender tends to produce different neighbourhoods , and that the superior performa ←
→ robust interactive learning ; in this paper we propose and study a generalization of the standard active - learning model where a more general type of query , class conditional query , is allowed . such queries have been quite useful in applications , but have been lacking theoretical understanding . in this work , we characterize the power of such queries under two well - known noise models . we give nearly tight upper and lower bounds on the number of queries needed to learn both for the general agnostic setting and ←
→ non - convex learning via stochastic gradient langevin dynamics : a nonasymptotic analysis ; stochastic gradient langevin dynamics ( sgld ) is a popular variant of stochastic gradient descent , where properly scaled isotropic gaussian noise is added to an unbiased estimate of the gradient at each iteration . this modest change allows sgld to escape local minima and suffices to guarantee asymptotic convergence to global minimizers for sufficiently regular non - convex objectives ( gelfand and mitter , 1991 ). the pres ←
→ converting instance checking to subsumption : a rethink for object queries over practical ontologies ; efficiently querying description logic ( dl ) ontologies is becoming a vital task in various data - intensive dl applications . considered as a basic service for answering object queries over dl ontologies , instance checking can be realized by using the most specific concept ( msc ) method , which converts instance checking into subsumption problems . this method , however , loses its simplicity and efficiency when ←
→ discovering latent states for model learning : applying sensorimotor contingencies theory and predictive processing to model context ; autonomous robots need to be able to adapt to unforeseen situations and to acquire new skills through trial and error . reinforcement learning in principle offers a suitable methodological framework for this kind of autonomous learning . however current computational reinforcement learning agents mostly learn each individual skill entirely from scratch . how can we enable arti ←
→ complex networks measures for differentiation between normal and shuffled croatian texts ; this paper studies the properties of the croatian texts via complex networks . we present network properties of normal and shuffled croatian texts for different shuffling principles : on the sentence level and on the text level . in both experiments we preserved the vocabulary size , word and sentence frequency distributions . additionally , in the first shuffling approach we preserved the sentence structure of the text a ←
→ native language identification using stacked generalization ; ensemble methods using multiple classifiers have proven to be the most successful approach for the task of native language identification ( nli ), achieving the current state of the art . however , a systematic examination of ensemble methods for nli has yet to be conducted . additionally , deeper ensemble architectures such as classifier stacking have not been closely evaluated . we present a set of experiments using three ensemble - based models , testin ←
→ complexity theory for discrete black - box optimization heuristics ; a predominant topic in the theory of evolutionary algorithms and , more generally , theory of randomized black - box optimization techniques is running time analysis . running time analysis aims at understanding the performance of a given heuristic on a given problem by bounding the number of function evaluations that are needed by the heuristic to identify a solution of a desired quality . as in general algorithms theory , this running time perspe ←
→ measuring the quality of exercises ; this work explores the problem of exercise quality measurement since it is essential for effective management of diseases like cerebral palsy ( cp ). this work examines the assessment of quality of large amplitude movement ( lam ) exercises designed to treat cp in an automated fashion . exercise data was collected by trained participants to generate ideal examples to use as a positive samples for machine learning . following that , subjects were asked to deliberately make subtl ←
→ deepnat : deep convolutional neural network for segmenting neuroanatomy ; we introduce deepnat , a 3d deep convolutional neural network for the automatic segmentation of neuroanatomy in t1 - weighted magnetic resonance images . deepnat is an end - to - end learning - based approach to brain segmentation that jointly learns an abstract feature representation and a multi - class classification . we propose a 3d patch - based approach , where we do not only predict the center voxel of the patch but also neighbors , which is for ←
→ joint event detection and description in continuous video streams ; as a fine - grained video understanding task , dense video captioning involves first localizing events in a video and then generating captions for the identified events . we present the joint event detection and description network ( jeddi - net ) that solves the dense captioning task in an end - to - end fashion . our model continuously encodes the input video stream with three - dimensional convolutional layers and proposes variable - length temporal even ←
→ measurement of road traffic parameters based on multi - vehicle tracking ; development of computing power and cheap video cameras enabled today ' s traffic management systems to include more cameras and computer vision applications for transportation system monitoring and control . combined with image processing algorithms cameras are used as sensors to measure road traffic parameters like flow volume , origin - destination matrices , classify vehicles , etc . in this paper we propose a system for measurement of road ←
→ an analysis of state - relevance weights and sampling distributions on l1 - regularized approximate linear programming approximation accuracy ; recent interest in the use of $ l_1 $ regularization in the use of value function approximation includes petrik et al .' s introduction of $ l_1 $- regularized approximate linear programming ( ralp ). ralp is unique among $ l_1 $- regularized approaches in that it approximates the optimal value function using off - policy samples . additionally , it produces policies which outperform ←
→ deep networks with stochastic depth ; very deep convolutional networks with hundreds of layers have led to significant reductions in error on competitive benchmarks . although the unmatched expressiveness of the many layers can be highly desirable at test time , training very deep networks comes with its own set of challenges . the gradients can vanish , the forward flow often diminishes , and the training time can be painfully slow . to address these problems , we propose stochastic depth , a training procedure th ←
→ sparse and low - rank approximations of large symmetric matrices using biharmonic interpolation ; symmetric matrices are widely used in machine learning problems such as kernel machines and manifold learning . using large datasets often requires computing low - rank approximations of these symmetric matrices so that they fit in memory . in this paper , we present a novel method based on biharmonic interpolation for low - rank matrix approximation . the method exploits knowledge of the data manifold to learn an inte ←
→ learning for dynamic bidding in cognitive radio resources ; in this paper , we model the various wireless users in a cognitive radio network as a collection of selfish , autonomous agents that strategically interact in order to acquire the dynamically available spectrum opportunities . our main focus is on developing solutions for wireless users to successfully compete with each other for the limited and time - varying spectrum opportunities , given the experienced dynamics in the wireless network . we categorize ←
→ guaranteed model order estimation and sample complexity bounds for lda ; the question of how to determine the number of independent latent factors ( topics ) in mixture models such as latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) is of great practical importance . in most applications , the exact number of topics is unknown , and depends on the application and the size of the data set . bayesian nonparametric methods can avoid the problem of topic number selection , but they can be impracticably slow for large sample sizes an ←
→ diffeomorphic metric mapping of high angular resolution diffusion imaging based on riemannian structure of orientation distribution functions ; in this paper , we propose a novel large deformation diffeomorphic registration algorithm to align high angular resolution diffusion images ( hardi ) characterized by orientation distribution functions ( odfs ). our proposed algorithm seeks an optimal diffeomorphism of large deformation between two odf fields in a spatial volume domain and at the same time , locally reo ←
→ counterfactual explanations without opening the black box : automated decisions and the gdpr ; there has been much discussion of the right to explanation in the eu general data protection regulation , and its existence , merits , and disadvantages . implementing a right to explanation that opens the black box of algorithmic decision - making faces major legal and technical barriers . explaining the functionality of complex algorithmic decision - making systems and their rationale in specific cases is a technically ←
→ evolution of central pattern generators for the control of a five - link bipedal walking mechanism ; central pattern generators ( cpgs ), with a basis is neurophysiological studies , are a type of neural network for the generation of rhythmic motion . while cpgs are being increasingly used in robot control , most applications are hand - tuned for a specific task and it is acknowledged in the field that generic methods and design principles for creating individual networks for a given task are lacking . this study p ←
→ a data and model - parallel , distributed and scalable framework for training of deep networks in apache spark ; training deep networks is expensive and time - consuming with the training period increasing with data size and growth in model parameters . in this paper , we provide a framework for distributed training of deep networks over a cluster of cpus in apache spark . the framework implements both data parallelism and model parallelism making it suitable to use for deep networks which require huge training d ←
→ monte carlo q - learning for general game playing ; recently , the interest in reinforcement learning in game playing has been renewed . this is evidenced by the groundbreaking results achieved by alphago . general game playing ( ggp ) provides a good testbed for reinforcement learning , currently one of the hottest fields of ai . in ggp , a specification of games rules is given . the description specifies a reinforcement learning problem , leaving programs to find strategies for playing well . q - learning is one of the ←
→ multilingual hierarchical attention networks for document classification ; hierarchical attention networks have recently achieved remarkable performance for document classification in a given language . however , when multilingual document collections are considered , training such models separately for each language entails linear parameter growth and lack of cross - language transfer . learning a single multilingual model with fewer parameters is therefore a challenging but potentially beneficial objective . to ←
→ multi - scale exploration of convex functions and bandit convex optimization ; we construct a new map from a convex function to a distribution on its domain , with the property that this distribution is a multi - scale exploration of the function . we use this map to solve a decade - old open problem in adversarial bandit convex optimization by showing that the minimax regret for this problem is $\ tilde { o }(\ mathrm { poly }( n ) \ sqrt { t })$, where $ n $ is the dimension and $ t $ the number of rounds . this bound is obtained ←
→ intelligent biohybrid neurotechnologies : are they really what they claim ? ; in the era of intelligent biohybrid neurotechnologies for brain repair , new fanciful terms are appearing in the scientific dictionary to define what has so far been unimaginable . as the emerging neurotechnologies are becoming increasingly polyhedral and sophisticated , should we talk about evolution and rank the intelligence of these devices ?←
→ bio - inspired human action recognition using hybrid max - product neuro - fuzzy classifier and quantum - behaved pso ; studies on computational neuroscience through functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) and following biological inspired system stated that human action recognition in the brain of mammalian leads two distinct pathways in the model , which are specialized for analysis of motion ( optic flow ) and form information . principally , we have defined a novel and robust form features applying active bas ←
→ a novel online real - time classifier for multi - label data streams ; in this paper , a novel extreme learning machine based online multi - label classifier for real - time data streams is proposed . multi - label classification is one of the actively researched machine learning paradigm that has gained much attention in the recent years due to its rapidly increasing real world applications . in contrast to traditional binary and multi - class classification , multi - label classification involves association of each of the ←
→ searching in one billion vectors : re - rank with source coding ; recent indexing techniques inspired by source coding have been shown successful to index billions of high - dimensional vectors in memory . in this paper , we propose an approach that re - ranks the neighbor hypotheses obtained by these compressed - domain indexing methods . in contrast to the usual post - verification scheme , which performs exact distance calculation on the short - list of hypotheses , the estimated distances are refined based on short quant ←
→ multilingual part - of - speech tagging : two unsupervised approaches ; we demonstrate the effectiveness of multilingual learning for unsupervised part - of - speech tagging . the central assumption of our work is that by combining cues from multiple languages , the structure of each becomes more apparent . we consider two ways of applying this intuition to the problem of unsupervised part - of - speech tagging : a model that directly merges tag structures for a pair of languages into a single sequence and a second model wh ←
→ improvements to inference compilation for probabilistic programming in large - scale scientific simulators ; we consider the problem of bayesian inference in the family of probabilistic models implicitly defined by stochastic generative models of data . in scientific fields ranging from population biology to cosmology , low - level mechanistic components are composed to create complex generative models . these models lead to intractable likelihoods and are typically non - differentiable , which poses challenges for ←
→ reducing offline evaluation bias of collaborative filtering algorithms ; recommendation systems have been integrated into the majority of large online systems to filter and rank information according to user profiles . it thus influences the way users interact with the system and , as a consequence , bias the evaluation of the performance of a recommendation algorithm computed using historical data ( via offline evaluation ). this paper presents a new application of a weighted offline evaluation to reduce this b ←
→ extraction of cartographic objects in high resolution satellite images for object model generation ; the aim of this study is to detect man - made cartographic objects in high - resolution satellite images . new generation satellites offer a sub - metric spatial resolution , in which it is possible ( and necessary ) to develop methods at object level rather than at pixel level , and to exploit structural features of objects . with this aim , a method to generate structural object models from manually segmented images ←
→ cooperative training of deep aggregation networks for rgb - d action recognition ; a novel deep neural network training paradigm that exploits the conjoint information in multiple heterogeneous sources is proposed . specifically , in a rgb - d based action recognition task , it cooperatively trains a single convolutional neural network ( named c - convnet ) on both rgb visual features and depth features , and deeply aggregates the two kinds of features for action recognition . differently from the conventional convnet ←
→ human perception in computer vision ; computer vision has made remarkable progress in recent years . deep neural network ( dnn ) models optimized to identify objects in images exhibit unprecedented task - trained accuracy and , remarkably , some generalization ability : new visual problems can now be solved more easily based on previous learning . biological vision ( learned in life and through evolution ) is also accurate and general - purpose . is it possible that these different learning regimes converge to similar pr ←
→ stereo matching by training a convolutional neural network to compare image patches ; we present a method for extracting depth information from a rectified image pair . our approach focuses on the first stage of many stereo algorithms : the matching cost computation . we approach the problem by learning a similarity measure on small image patches using a convolutional neural network . training is carried out in a supervised manner by constructing a binary classification data set with examples of similar and d ←
→ unbiased bayes for big data : paths of partial posteriors ; a key quantity of interest in bayesian inference are expectations of functions with respect to a posterior distribution . markov chain monte carlo is a fundamental tool to consistently compute these expectations via averaging samples drawn from an approximate posterior . however , its feasibility is being challenged in the era of so called big data as all data needs to be processed in every iteration . realising that such simulation is an unnecessarily ←
→ commentwatcher : an open source web - based platform for analyzing discussions on web forums ; we present commentwatcher , an open source tool aimed at analyzing discussions on web forums . constructed as a web platform , commentwatcher features automatic mass fetching of user posts from forum on multiple sites , extracting topics , visualizing the topics as an expression cloud and exploring their temporal evolution . the underlying social network of users is simultaneously constructed using the citation relations ←
→ a non - local means filter for removing the poisson noise ; a new image denoising algorithm to deal with the poisson noise model is given , which is based on the idea of non - local mean . by using the " oracle " concept , we establish a theorem to show that the non - local means filter can effectively deal with poisson noise with some modification . under the theoretical result , we construct our new algorithm called non - local means poisson filter and demonstrate in theory that the filter converges at the usual optimal ←
→ regularized richardson - lucy algorithm for sparse reconstruction of poissonian images ; restoration of digital images from their degraded measurements has always been a problem of great theoretical and practical importance in numerous applications of imaging sciences . a specific solution to the problem of image restoration is generally determined by the nature of degradation phenomenon as well as by the statistical properties of measurement noises . the present study is concerned with the case in which the ←
→ personalising mobile advertising based on users installed apps ; mobile advertising is a billion pound industry that is rapidly expanding . the success of an advert is measured based on how users interact with it . in this paper we investigate whether the application of unsupervised learning and association rule mining could be used to enable personalised targeting of mobile adverts with the aim of increasing the interaction rate . over may and june 2014 we recorded advert interactions such as tapping the adve ←
→ learning spontaneity to improve emotion recognition in speech ; we investigate the effect and usefulness of spontaneity in speech ( i . e . whether a given speech data is spontaneous or not ) in the context of emotion recognition . we hypothesize that emotional content in speech is interrelated with its spontaneity , and thus propose to use spontaneity classification as an auxiliary task to the problem of emotion recognition . we propose two supervised learning settings that utilize spontaneity to improve speech em ←
→ neural machine translation for low - resource languages ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) approaches have improved the state of the art in many machine translation settings over the last couple of years , but they require large amounts of training data to produce sensible output . we demonstrate that nmt can be used for low - resource languages as well , by introducing more local dependencies and using word alignments to learn sentence reordering during translation . in addition to our novel model , we also present ←
→ fast edge detection using structured forests ; edge detection is a critical component of many vision systems , including object detectors and image segmentation algorithms . patches of edges exhibit well - known forms of local structure , such as straight lines or t - junctions . in this paper we take advantage of the structure present in local image patches to learn both an accurate and computationally efficient edge detector . we formulate the problem of predicting local edge masks in a structured learning framewo ←
→ neural networks in mobile robot motion ; this paper deals with a path planning and intelligent control of an autonomous robot which should move safely in partially structured environment . this environment may involve any number of obstacles of arbitrary shape and size ; some of them are allowed to move . we describe our approach to solving the motion - planning problem in mobile robot control using neural networks - based technique . our method of the construction of a collision - free path for moving robot among ob ←
→ phase transitions and sample complexity in bayes - optimal matrix factorization ; we analyse the matrix factorization problem . given a noisy measurement of a product of two matrices , the problem is to estimate back the original matrices . it arises in many applications such as dictionary learning , blind matrix calibration , sparse principal component analysis , blind source separation , low rank matrix completion , robust principal component analysis or factor analysis . it is also important in machine learning : ←
→ pose guided structured region ensemble network for cascaded hand pose estimation ; hand pose estimation from a single depth image is an essential topic in computer vision and human computer interaction . despite recent advancements in this area promoted by convolutional neural network , accurate hand pose estimation is still a challenging problem . in this paper we propose a pose guided structured region ensemble network ( pose - ren ) to boost the performance of hand pose estimation . the proposed method extract ←
→ background image generation using boolean operations ; tracking moving objects from a video sequence requires segmentation of these objects from the background image . however , getting the actual background image automatically without object detection and using only the video is difficult . in this paper , we describe a novel algorithm that generates background from real world images without foreground detection . the algorithm assumes that the background image is shown in the majority of the video . given this ←
→ deep learning the indus script ; standardized corpora of undeciphered scripts , a necessary starting point for computational epigraphy , requires laborious human effort for their preparation from raw archaeological records . automating this process through machine learning algorithms can be of significant aid to epigraphical research . here , we take the first steps in this direction and present a deep learning pipeline that takes as input images of the undeciphered indus script , as found in archaeological artif ←
→ beyond face rotation : global and local perception gan for photorealistic and identity preserving frontal view synthesis ; photorealistic frontal view synthesis from a single face image has a wide range of applications in the field of face recognition . although data - driven deep learning methods have been proposed to address this problem by seeking solutions from ample face data , this problem is still challenging because it is intrinsically ill - posed . this paper proposes a two - pathway generative adversarial ←
→ refinement of a structured language model ; a new language model for speech recognition inspired by linguistic analysis is presented . the model develops hidden hierarchical structure incrementally and uses it to extract meaningful information from the word history - thus enabling the use of extended distance dependencies - in an attempt to complement the locality of currently used n - gram markov models . the model , its probabilistic parametrization , a reestimation algorithm for the model parameters and a set ←
→ image segmentation by using threshold techniques ; this paper attempts to undertake the study of segmentation image techniques by using five threshold methods as mean method , p - tile method , histogram dependent technique ( hdt ), edge maximization technique ( emt ) and visual technique and they are compared with one another so as to choose the best technique for threshold segmentation techniques image . these techniques applied on three satellite images to choose base guesses for threshold segmentation image .←
→ provably fast and accurate recovery of evolutionary trees through harmonic greedy triplets ; we give a greedy learning algorithm for reconstructing an evolutionary tree based on a certain harmonic average on triplets of terminal taxa . after the pairwise distances between terminal taxa are estimated from sequence data , the algorithm runs in o ( n ^ 2 ) time using o ( n ) work space , where n is the number of terminal taxa . these time and space complexities are optimal in the sense that the size of an input distance ←
→ automatic prosody prediction for chinese speech synthesis using blstm - rnn and embedding features ; prosody affects the naturalness and intelligibility of speech . however , automatic prosody prediction from text for chinese speech synthesis is still a great challenge and the traditional conditional random fields ( crf ) based method always heavily relies on feature engineering . in this paper , we propose to use neural networks to predict prosodic boundary labels directly from chinese characters without any fea ←
→ signed laplacian for spectral clustering revisited ; classical spectral clustering is based on a spectral decomposition of a graph laplacian , obtained from a graph adjacency matrix representing positive graph edge weights describing similarities of graph vertices . in signed graphs , the graph edge weights can be negative to describe disparities of graph vertices , for example , negative correlations in the data . negative weights lead to possible negative spectrum of the standard graph laplacian , which is cured ←
→ assessing the value of a candidate . comparing belief function and possibility theories ; the problem of assessing the value of a candidate is viewed here as a multiple combination problem . on the one hand a candidate can be evaluated according to different criteria , and on the other hand several experts are supposed to assess the value of candidates according to each criterion . criteria are not equally important , experts are not equally competent or reliable . moreover levels of satisfaction of criteria , o ←
→ glimpse clouds : human activity recognition from unstructured feature points ; we propose a method for human activity recognition from rgb data that does not rely on any pose information during test time and does not explicitly calculate pose information internally . instead , a visual attention module learns to predict glimpse sequences in each frame . these glimpses correspond to interest points in the scene that are relevant to the classified activities . no spatial coherence is forced on the glimpse locati ←
→ deformable part models are convolutional neural networks ; deformable part models ( dpms ) and convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are two widely used tools for visual recognition . they are typically viewed as distinct approaches : dpms are graphical models ( markov random fields ), while cnns are " black - box " non - linear classifiers . in this paper , we show that a dpm can be formulated as a cnn , thus providing a novel synthesis of the two ideas . our construction involves unrolling the dpm inference algorithm and ←
→ performance bounds for pairwise entity resolution ; one significant challenge to scaling entity resolution algorithms to massive datasets is understanding how performance changes after moving beyond the realm of small , manually labeled reference datasets . unlike traditional machine learning tasks , when an entity resolution algorithm performs well on small hold - out datasets , there is no guarantee this performance holds on larger hold - out datasets . we prove simple bounding properties between the performance o ←
→ inductive kernel low - rank decomposition with priors : a generalized nystrom method ; low - rank matrix decomposition has gained great popularity recently in scaling up kernel methods to large amounts of data . however , some limitations could prevent them from working effectively in certain domains . for example , many existing approaches are intrinsically unsupervised , which does not incorporate side information ( e . g ., class labels ) to produce task specific decompositions ; also , they typically work " transductiv ←
→ handling pddl3 . 0 state trajectory constraints with temporal landmarks ; temporal landmarks have been proved to be a helpful mechanism to deal with temporal planning problems , specifically to improve planners performance and handle problems with deadline constraints . in this paper , we show the strength of using temporal landmarks to handle the state trajectory constraints of pddl3 . 0 . we analyze the formalism of templm , a temporal planner particularly aimed at solving planning problems with deadlines , and we ←
→ a symbolic description of punning riddles and its computer implementation ; riddles based on simple puns can be classified according to the patterns of word , syllable or phrase similarity they depend upon . we have devised a formal model of the semantic and syntactic regularities underlying some of the simpler types of punning riddle . we have also implemented this preliminary theory in a computer program which can generate riddles from a lexicon containing general data about words and phrases ; that is , the ←
→ deep encoding of etymological information in tei ; this paper aims to provide a comprehensive modeling and representation of etymological data in digital dictionaries . the purpose is to integrate in one coherent framework both digital representations of legacy dictionaries , and also born - digital lexical databases that are constructed manually or semi - automatically . we want to propose a systematic and coherent set of modeling principles for a variety of etymological phenomena that may contribute to the creat ←
→ efficient reinforcement learning using recursive least - squares methods ; the recursive least - squares ( rls ) algorithm is one of the most well - known algorithms used in adaptive filtering , system identification and adaptive control . its popularity is mainly due to its fast convergence speed , which is considered to be optimal in practice . in this paper , rls methods are used to solve reinforcement learning problems , where two new reinforcement learning algorithms using linear value function approximators are pro ←
→ considerations on construction ontologies ; the paper proposes an analysis on some existent ontologies , in order to point out ways to resolve semantic heterogeneity in information systems . authors are highlighting the tasks in a knowledge acquisiton system and identifying aspects related to the addition of new information to an intelligent system . a solution is proposed , as a combination of ontology reasoning services and natural languages generation . a multi - agent system will be conceived with an extractor ←
→ on fundamental limits of robust learning ; we consider the problems of robust pac learning from distributed and streaming data , which may contain malicious errors and outliers , and analyze their fundamental complexity questions . in particular , we establish lower bounds on the communication complexity for distributed robust learning performed on multiple machines , and on the space complexity for robust learning from streaming data on a single machine . these results demonstrate that gaining robustness of lear ←
→ adaptive convolutional filter generation for natural language understanding ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have recently emerged as a popular building block for natural language processing ( nlp ). despite their success , most existing cnn models employed in nlp are not expressive enough , in the sense that all input sentences share the same learned ( and static ) set of filters . motivated by this problem , we propose an adaptive convolutional filter generation framework for natural language understandin ←
→ amulet : aggregating multi - level convolutional features for salient object detection ; fully convolutional neural networks ( fcns ) have shown outstanding performance in many dense labeling problems . one key pillar of these successes is mining relevant information from features in convolutional layers . however , how to better aggregate multi - level convolutional feature maps for salient object detection is underexplored . in this work , we present amulet , a generic aggregating multi - level convolutional feature f ←
→ the goldilocks principle : reading children ' s books with explicit memory representations ; we introduce a new test of how well language models capture meaning in children ' s books . unlike standard language modelling benchmarks , it distinguishes the task of predicting syntactic function words from that of predicting lower - frequency words , which carry greater semantic content . we compare a range of state - of - the - art models , each with a different way of encoding what has been previously read . we show that model ←
→ explainable restricted boltzmann machines for collaborative filtering ; most accurate recommender systems are black - box models , hiding the reasoning behind their recommendations . yet explanations have been shown to increase the user ' s trust in the system in addition to providing other benefits such as scrutability , meaning the ability to verify the validity of recommendations . this gap between accuracy and transparency or explainability has generated an interest in automated explanation generation methods . ←
→ parseval networks : improving robustness to adversarial examples ; we introduce parseval networks , a form of deep neural networks in which the lipschitz constant of linear , convolutional and aggregation layers is constrained to be smaller than 1 . parseval networks are empirically and theoretically motivated by an analysis of the robustness of the predictions made by deep neural networks when their input is subject to an adversarial perturbation . the most important feature of parseval networks is to maintain ←
→ an end - to - end approach to natural language object retrieval via context - aware deep reinforcement learning ; we propose an end - to - end approach to the natural language object retrieval task , which localizes an object within an image according to a natural language description , i . e ., referring expression . previous works divide this problem into two independent stages : first , compute region proposals from the image without the exploration of the language description ; second , score the object proposals with re ←
→ handwritten and printed text separation in real document ; the aim of the paper is to separate handwritten and printed text from a real document embedded with noise , graphics including annotations . relying on run - length smoothing algorithm ( rlsa ), the extracted pseudo - lines and pseudo - words are used as basic blocks for classification . to handle this , a multi - class support vector machine ( svm ) with gaussian kernel performs a first labelling of each pseudo - word including the study of local neighbourhood . it t ←
→ the galactic dependencies treebanks : getting more data by synthesizing new languages ; we release galactic dependencies 1 . 0 --- a large set of synthetic languages not found on earth , but annotated in universal dependencies format . this new resource aims to provide training and development data for nlp methods that aim to adapt to unfamiliar languages . each synthetic treebank is produced from a real treebank by stochastically permuting the dependents of nouns and / or verbs to match the word order of other rea ←
→ tensor completion algorithms in big data analytics ; tensor completion is a problem of filling the missing or unobserved entries of partially observed tensors . due to the multidimensional character of tensors in describing complex datasets , tensor completion algorithms and their applications have received wide attention and achievement in data mining , computer vision , signal processing , and neuroscience , etc . in this survey , we provide a modern overview of recent advances in tensor completion algorithms fro ←
→ hypernetworks with statistical filtering for defending adversarial examples ; deep learning algorithms have been known to be vulnerable to adversarial perturbations in various tasks such as image classification . this problem was addressed by employing several defense methods for detection and rejection of particular types of attacks . however , training and manipulating networks according to particular defense schemes increases computational complexity of the learning algorithms . in this work , we propose a ←
→ modeling temporal dynamics and spatial configurations of actions using two - stream recurrent neural networks ; recently , skeleton based action recognition gains more popularity due to cost - effective depth sensors coupled with real - time skeleton estimation algorithms . traditional approaches based on handcrafted features are limited to represent the complexity of motion patterns . recent methods that use recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) to handle raw skeletons only focus on the contextual dependency in the tem ←
→ crowdsourcing with unsure option ; one of the fundamental problems in crowdsourcing is the trade - off between the number of the workers needed for high - accuracy aggregation and the budget to pay . for saving budget , it is important to ensure high quality of the crowd - sourced labels , hence the total cost on label collection will be reduced . since the self - confidence of the workers often has a close relationship with their abilities , a possible way for quality control is to request the workers to return the lab ←
→ identifying mislabeled training data ; this paper presents a new approach to identifying and eliminating mislabeled training instances for supervised learning . the goal of this approach is to improve classification accuracies produced by learning algorithms by improving the quality of the training data . our approach uses a set of learning algorithms to create classifiers that serve as noise filters for the training data . we evaluate single algorithm , majority vote and consensus filters on five datasets that ←
→ a constrained l1 minimization approach for estimating multiple sparse gaussian or nonparanormal graphical models ; identifying context - specific entity networks from aggregated data is an important task , arising often in bioinformatics and neuroimaging . computationally , this task can be formulated as jointly estimating multiple different , but related , sparse undirected graphical models ( ugm ) from aggregated samples across several contexts . previous joint - ugm studies have mostly focused on sparse gaussian g ←
→ experiments with pos tagging code - mixed indian social media text ; this paper presents centre for development of advanced computing mumbai ' s ( cdacm ) submission to the nlp tools contest on part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging for code - mixed indian social media text ( poscmismt ) 2015 ( collocated with icon 2015 ). we submitted results for hindi ( hi ), bengali ( bn ), and telugu ( te ) languages mixed with english ( en ). in this paper , we have described our approaches to the pos tagging techniques , we exploited for this task . ←
→ justifying and improving meta - agent conflict - based search ; the meta - agent conflict - based search ~( ma - cbs ) is a recently proposed algorithm for the multi - agent path finding problem . the algorithm is an extension of conflict - based search ~( cbs ), which automatically merges conflicting agents into meta - agents if the number of conflicts exceeds a certain threshold . however , the decision to merge agents is made according to an empirically chosen fixed threshold on the number of conflicts . the best threshold depend ←
→ an optimization framework with flexible inexact inner iterations for nonconvex and nonsmooth programming ; in recent years , numerous vision and learning tasks have been ( re ) formulated as nonconvex and nonsmooth programmings ( nnps ). although some algorithms have been proposed for particular problems , designing fast and flexible optimization schemes with theoretical guarantee is a challenging task for general nnps . it has been investigated that performing inexact inner iterations often benefit to special app ←
→ grader variability and the importance of reference standards for evaluating machine learning models for diabetic retinopathy ; diabetic retinopathy ( dr ) and diabetic macular edema are common complications of diabetes which can lead to vision loss . the grading of dr is a fairly complex process that requires the detection of fine features such as microaneurysms , intraretinal hemorrhages , and intraretinal microvascular abnormalities . because of this , there can be a fair amount of grader variability . there ar ←
→ control of the correlation of spontaneous neuron activity in biological and noise - activated cmos artificial neural microcircuits ; there are several indications that brain is organized not on a basis of individual unreliable neurons , but on a micro - circuital scale providing lego blocks employed to create complex architectures . at such an intermediate scale , the firing activity in the microcircuits is governed by collective effects emerging by the background noise soliciting spontaneous firing , the degree ←
→ determinantal clustering processes - a nonparametric bayesian approach to kernel based semi - supervised clustering ; semi - supervised clustering is the task of clustering data points into clusters where only a fraction of the points are labelled . the true number of clusters in the data is often unknown and most models require this parameter as an input . dirichlet process mixture models are appealing as they can infer the number of clusters from the data . however , these models do not deal with high dimension ←
→ image forensics : detecting duplication of scientific images with manipulation - invariant image similarity ; manipulation and re - use of images in scientific publications is a concerning problem that currently lacks a scalable solution . current tools for detecting image duplication are mostly manual or semi - automated , despite the availability of an overwhelming target dataset for a learning - based approach . this paper addresses the problem of determining if , given two images , one is a manipulated version of t ←
→ manifold regularized discriminative neural networks ; unregularized deep neural networks ( dnns ) can be easily overfit with a limited sample size . we argue that this is mostly due to the disriminative nature of dnns which directly model the conditional probability ( or score ) of labels given the input . the ignorance of input distribution makes dnns difficult to generalize to unseen data . recent advances in regularization techniques , such as pretraining and dropout , indicate that modeling input data distributi ←
→ a simple proportional conflict redistribution rule ; one proposes a first alternative rule of combination to wao ( weighted average operator ) proposed recently by josang , daniel and vannoorenberghe , called proportional conflict redistribution rule ( denoted pcr1 ). pcr1 and wao are particular cases of wo ( the weighted operator ) because the conflicting mass is redistributed with respect to some weighting factors . in this first pcr rule , the proportionalization is done for each non - empty set with respect to the ←
→ low - autocorrelation binary sequences : on improved merit factors and runtime predictions to achieve them ; the search for binary sequences with a high figure of merit , known as the low autocorrelation binary sequence ($ labs $}) problem , represents a formidable computational challenge . to mitigate the computational constraints of the problem , we consider solvers that accept odd values of sequence length $ l $ and return solutions for skew - symmetric binary sequences only -- with the consequence that not all bes ←
→ non - local neural networks ; both convolutional and recurrent operations are building blocks that process one local neighborhood at a time . in this paper , we present non - local operations as a generic family of building blocks for capturing long - range dependencies . inspired by the classical non - local means method in computer vision , our non - local operation computes the response at a position as a weighted sum of the features at all positions . this building block can be plugged into many computer vision archit ←
→ maximum entropy binary encoding for face template protection ; in this paper we present a framework for secure identification using deep neural networks , and apply it to the task of template protection for face authentication . we use deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to learn a mapping from face images to maximum entropy binary ( meb ) codes . the mapping is robust enough to tackle the problem of exact matching , yielding the same code for new samples of a user as the code assigned during training . thes ←
→ modeling polypharmacy side effects with graph convolutional networks ; the use of multiple drugs , termed polypharmacy , is common to treat patients with complex diseases or co - existing medical conditions . however , a major consequence of polypharmacy is a much higher risk of side effects for the patient . polypharmacy side effects emerge because of drug interactions , in which activity of one drug may change , favorably or unfavorably , if taken with another drug . the knowledge of drug interactions is limited bec ←
→ sandwiching the marginal likelihood using bidirectional monte carlo ; computing the marginal likelihood ( ml ) of a model requires marginalizing out all of the parameters and latent variables , a difficult high - dimensional summation or integration problem . to make matters worse , it is often hard to measure the accuracy of one ' s ml estimates . we present bidirectional monte carlo , a technique for obtaining accurate log - ml estimates on data simulated from a model . this method obtains stochastic lower bounds on th ←
→ wider face : a face detection benchmark ; face detection is one of the most studied topics in the computer vision community . much of the progresses have been made by the availability of face detection benchmark datasets . we show that there is a gap between current face detection performance and the real world requirements . to facilitate future face detection research , we introduce the wider face dataset , which is 10 times larger than existing datasets . the dataset contains rich annotations , including occlusi ←
→ hierarchical compound poisson factorization ; non - negative matrix factorization models based on a hierarchical gamma - poisson structure capture user and item behavior effectively in extremely sparse data sets , making them the ideal choice for collaborative filtering applications . hierarchical poisson factorization ( hpf ) in particular has proved successful for scalable recommendation systems with extreme sparsity . hpf , however , suffers from a tight coupling of sparsity model ( absence of a rating ) and response ←
→ geometry and determinism of optimal stationary control in partially observable markov decision processes ; it is well known that for any finite state markov decision process ( mdp ) there is a memoryless deterministic policy that maximizes the expected reward . for partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ), optimal memoryless policies are generally stochastic . we study the expected reward optimization problem over the set of memoryless stochastic policies . we formulate this as a constrained lin ←
→ scalable robust matrix recovery : frank - wolfe meets proximal methods ; recovering matrices from compressive and grossly corrupted observations is a fundamental problem in robust statistics , with rich applications in computer vision and machine learning . in theory , under certain conditions , this problem can be solved in polynomial time via a natural convex relaxation , known as compressive principal component pursuit ( cpcp ). however , all existing provable algorithms for cpcp suffer from superlinear per - iterati ←
→ a global constraint for mining sequential patterns with gap constraint ; sequential pattern mining ( spm ) under gap constraint is a challenging task . many efficient specialized methods have been developed but they are all suffering from a lack of genericity . the constraint programming ( cp ) approaches are not so effective because of the size of their encodings . in [ 7 ], we have proposed the global constraint prefix - projection for spm which remedies to this drawback . however , this global constraint cannot be dir ←
→ optimal data collection for informative rankings expose well - connected graphs ; given a graph where vertices represent alternatives and arcs represent pairwise comparison data , the statistical ranking problem is to find a potential function , defined on the vertices , such that the gradient of the potential function agrees with the pairwise comparisons . our goal in this paper is to develop a method for collecting data for which the least squares estimator for the ranking problem has maximal fisher informati ←
→ progress in animation of an ema - controlled tongue model for acoustic - visual speech synthesis ; we present a technique for the animation of a 3d kinematic tongue model , one component of the talking head of an acoustic - visual ( av ) speech synthesizer . the skeletal animation approach is adapted to make use of a deformable rig controlled by tongue motion capture data obtained with electromagnetic articulography ( ema ), while the tongue surface is extracted from volumetric magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) data . ←
→ tripletgan : training generative model with triplet loss ; as an effective way of metric learning , triplet loss has been widely used in many deep learning tasks , including face recognition and person - reid , leading to many states of the arts . the main innovation of triplet loss is using feature map to replace softmax in the classification task . inspired by this concept , we propose here a new adversarial modeling method by substituting the classification loss of discriminator with triplet loss . theoretical pro ←
→ a unified framework for thermal face recognition ; the reduction of the cost of infrared ( ir ) cameras in recent years has made ir imaging a highly viable modality for face recognition in practice . a particularly attractive advantage of ir - based over conventional , visible spectrum - based face recognition stems from its invariance to visible illumination . in this paper we argue that the main limitation of previous work on face recognition using ir lies in its ad hoc approach to treating different nuisance fact ←
→ distributed adaptive lmf algorithm for sparse parameter estimation in gaussian mixture noise ; a distributed adaptive algorithm for estimation of sparse unknown parameters in the presence of nongaussian noise is proposed in this paper based on normalized least mean fourth ( nlmf ) criterion . at the first step , local adaptive nlmf algorithm is modified by zero norm in order to speed up the convergence rate and also to reduce the steady state error power in sparse conditions . then , the proposed algorithm is e ←
→ development of a n - type gm - phd filter for multiple target , multiple type visual tracking ; we propose a new framework that extends the standard probability hypothesis density ( phd ) filter for multiple targets having $ n $ different types where $ n \ geq2 $ based on random finite set ( rfs ) theory , taking into account not only background false positives ( clutter ), but also confusions among detections of different target types , which are in general different in character from background clutter . under the assumpti ←
→ sparse signal estimation by maximally sparse convex optimization ; this paper addresses the problem of sparsity penalized least squares for applications in sparse signal processing , e . g . sparse deconvolution . this paper aims to induce sparsity more strongly than l1 norm regularization , while avoiding non - convex optimization . for this purpose , this paper describes the design and use of non - convex penalty functions ( regularizers ) constrained so as to ensure the convexity of the total cost function , f , to be m ←
→ an online sequence - to - sequence model for noisy speech recognition ; generative models have long been the dominant approach for speech recognition . the success of these models however relies on the use of sophisticated recipes and complicated machinery that is not easily accessible to non - practitioners . recent innovations in deep learning have given rise to an alternative - discriminative models called sequence - to - sequence models , that can almost match the accuracy of state of the art generative models . whil ←
→ minimal cost feature selection of data with normal distribution measurement errors ; minimal cost feature selection is devoted to obtain a trade - off between test costs and misclassification costs . this issue has been addressed recently on nominal data . in this paper , we consider numerical data with measurement errors and study minimal cost feature selection in this model . first , we build a data model with normal distribution measurement errors . second , the neighborhood of each data item is constructed thr ←
→ small ensembles of kriging models for optimization ; the efficient global optimization ( ego ) algorithm uses a conditional gaus - sian process ( gp ) to approximate an objective function known at a finite number of observation points and sequentially adds new points which maximize the expected improvement criterion according to the gp . the important factor that controls the efficiency of ego is the gp covariance function ( or kernel ) which should be chosen according to the objective function . traditionally , a pa -←
→ simple max - min ant systems and the optimization of linear pseudo - boolean functions ; with this paper , we contribute to the understanding of ant colony optimization ( aco ) algorithms by formally analyzing their runtime behavior . we study simple max - min ant systems on the class of linear pseudo - boolean functions defined on binary strings of length ' n '. our investigations point out how the progress according to function values is stored in pheromone . we provide a general upper bound of o (( n ^ 3 \ log n )/ \ rho ) f ←
→ towards a reliable framework of uncertainty - based group decision support system ; this study proposes a framework of uncertainty - based group decision support system ( ugdss ). it provides a platform for multiple criteria decision analysis in six aspects including ( 1 ) decision environment , ( 2 ) decision problem , ( 3 ) decision group , ( 4 ) decision conflict , ( 5 ) decision schemes and ( 6 ) group negotiation . based on multiple artificial intelligent technologies , this framework provides reliable support for the compr ←
→ an integrated classification model for financial data mining ; nowadays , financial data analysis is becoming increasingly important in the business market . as companies collect more and more data from daily operations , they expect to extract useful knowledge from existing collected data to help make reasonable decisions for new customer requests , e . g . user credit category , churn analysis , real estate analysis , etc . financial institutes have applied different data mining techniques to enhance their business ←
→ self - paced multi - task learning ; in this paper , we propose a novel multi - task learning ( mtl ) framework , called self - paced multi - task learning ( spmtl ). different from previous works treating all tasks and instances equally when training , spmtl attempts to jointly learn the tasks by taking into consideration the complexities of both tasks and instances . this is inspired by the cognitive process of human brain that often learns from the easy to the hard . we construct a compact spmtl formulation by proposing a ←
→ a survey of current datasets for vision and language research ; integrating vision and language has long been a dream in work on artificial intelligence ( ai ). in the past two years , we have witnessed an explosion of work that brings together vision and language from images to videos and beyond . the available corpora have played a crucial role in advancing this area of research . in this paper , we propose a set of quality metrics for evaluating and analyzing the vision & language datasets and categorize them ←
→ short - term plasticity as cause - effect hypothesis testing in distal reward learning ; asynchrony , overlaps and delays in sensory - motor signals introduce ambiguity as to which stimuli , actions , and rewards are causally related . only the repetition of reward episodes helps distinguish true cause - effect relationships from coincidental occurrences . in the model proposed here , a novel plasticity rule employs short and long - term changes to evaluate hypotheses on cause - effect relationships . transient weights repr ←
→ test - cost - sensitive attribute reduction of data with normal distribution measurement errors ; the measurement error with normal distribution is universal in applications . generally , smaller measurement error requires better instrument and higher test cost . in decision making based on attribute values of objects , we shall select an attribute subset with appropriate measurement error to minimize the total test cost . recently , error - range - based covering rough set with uniform distribution error was proposed ←
→ geometric analogue of holographic reduced representation ; holographic reduced representations ( hrr ) are based on superpositions of convolution - bound $ n $- tuples , but the $ n $- tuples cannot be regarded as vectors since the formalism is basis dependent . this is why hrr cannot be associated with geometric structures . replacing convolutions by geometric products one arrives at reduced representations analogous to hrr but interpretable in terms of geometry . variable bindings occurring in both hrr and its geometri ←
→ information dropout : learning optimal representations through noisy computation ; the cross - entropy loss commonly used in deep learning is closely related to the defining properties of optimal representations , but does not enforce some of the key properties . we show that this can be solved by adding a regularization term , which is in turn related to injecting multiplicative noise in the activations of a deep neural network , a special case of which is the common practice of dropout . we show that our regula ←
→ graph partitioning advance clustering technique ; clustering is a common technique for statistical data analysis , clustering is the process of grouping the data into classes or clusters so that objects within a cluster have high similarity in comparison to one another , but are very dissimilar to objects in other clusters . dissimilarities are assessed based on the attribute values describing the objects . often , distance measures are used . clustering is an unsupervised learning technique , where interesting pa ←
→ learning how to explain neural networks : patternnet and patternattribution ; deconvnet , guided backprop , lrp , were invented to better understand deep neural networks . we show that these methods do not produce the theoretically correct explanation for a linear model . yet they are used on multi - layer networks with millions of parameters . this is a cause for concern since linear models are simple neural networks . we argue that explanation methods for neural nets should work reliably in the limit of simplicit ←
→ calipso : physics - based image and video editing through cad model proxies ; we present calipso , an interactive method for editing images and videos in a physically - coherent manner . our main idea is to realize physics - based manipulations by running a full physics simulation on proxy geometries given by non - rigidly aligned cad models . running these simulations allows us to apply new , unseen forces to move or deform selected objects , change physical parameters such as mass or elasticity , or even add entire new ←
→ soft computing techniques for dependable cyber - physical systems ; cyber - physical systems ( cps ) allow us to manipulate objects in the physical world by providing a communication bridge between computation and actuation elements . in the current scheme of things , this sought - after control is marred by limitations inherent in the underlying communication network ( s ) as well as by the uncertainty found in the physical world . these limitations hamper fine - grained control of elements that may be separated by large -←
→ symmetry breaking constraints : recent results ; symmetry is an important problem in many combinatorial problems . one way of dealing with symmetry is to add constraints that eliminate symmetric solutions . we survey recent results in this area , focusing especially on two common and useful cases : symmetry breaking constraints for row and column symmetry , and symmetry breaking constraints for eliminating value symmetry ←
→ unsupervised learning segmentation for dynamic speckle activity images ; this paper proposes the design of decision models based on computational intelligence techniques applied to image sequences of dynamic laser speckle . these models aim to identify image regions of biological specimens illuminated by a coherent beam coming from a laser . the field image is pseudo colored using a self organizing map projection . this process is carried out using a set of descriptors applied to the intensity variations along ←
→ deep action - and context - aware sequence learning for activity recognition and anticipation ; action recognition and anticipation are key to the success of many computer vision applications . existing methods can roughly be grouped into those that extract global , context - aware representations of the entire image or sequence , and those that aim at focusing on the regions where the action occurs . while the former may suffer from the fact that context is not always reliable , the latter completely ignore this s ←
→ a multitask deep learning model for real - time deployment in embedded systems ; we propose an approach to multitask learning ( mtl ) to make deep learning models faster and lighter for applications in which multiple tasks need to be solved simultaneously , which is particularly useful in embedded , real - time systems . we develop a multitask model for both object detection and semantic segmentation and analyze the challenges that appear during its training . our multitask network is 1 . 6x faster , lighter and uses ←
→ speech signal filters based on soft computing techniques : a comparison ; the paper presents a comparison of various soft computing techniques used for filtering and enhancing speech signals . the three major techniques that fall under soft computing are neural networks , fuzzy systems and genetic algorithms . other hybrid techniques such as neuro - fuzzy systems are also available . in general , soft computing techniques have been experimentally observed to give far superior performance as compared to non - soft com ←
→ iterative markov chain monte carlo computation of reference priors and minimax risk ; we present an iterative markov chainmonte carlo algorithm for computingreference priors and minimax risk forgeneral parametric families . ourapproach uses mcmc techniques based onthe blahut - arimoto algorithm forcomputing channel capacity ininformation theory . we give astatistical analysis of the algorithm , bounding the number of samples requiredfor the stochastic algorithm to closelyapproximate the deterministic algorithmi ←
→ accurate de novo prediction of protein contact map by ultra - deep learning model ; recently exciting progress has been made on protein contact prediction , but the predicted contacts for proteins without many sequence homologs is still of low quality and not very useful for de novo structure prediction . this paper presents a new deep learning method that predicts contacts by integrating both evolutionary coupling ( ec ) and sequence conservation information through an ultra - deep neural network formed by two d ←
→ prediction of breast cancer recurrence using classification restricted boltzmann machine with dropping ; in this paper , we apply classification restricted boltzmann machine ( classrbm ) to the problem of predicting breast cancer recurrence . according to the polish national cancer registry , in 2010 only , the breast cancer caused almost 25 % of all diagnosed cases of cancer in poland . we propose how to use classrbm for predicting breast cancer return and discovering relevant inputs ( symptoms ) in illness reappe ←
→ privacy aware learning ; we study statistical risk minimization problems under a privacy model in which the data is kept confidential even from the learner . in this local privacy framework , we establish sharp upper and lower bounds on the convergence rates of statistical estimation procedures . as a consequence , we exhibit a precise tradeoff between the amount of privacy the data preserves and the utility , as measured by convergence rate , of any statistical estimator or learning procedure .←
→ faster algorithms for max - product message - passing ; maximum a posteriori inference in graphical models is often solved via message - passing algorithms , such as the junction - tree algorithm , or loopy belief - propagation . the exact solution to this problem is well known to be exponential in the size of the model ' s maximal cliques after it is triangulated , while approximate inference is typically exponential in the size of the model ' s factors . in this paper , we take advantage of the fact that many models have max ←
→ on the statistical efficiency of $\ ell_ { 1 , p }$ multi - task learning of gaussian graphical models ; in this paper , we present $\ ell_ { 1 , p }$ multi - task structure learning for gaussian graphical models . we analyze the sufficient number of samples for the correct recovery of the support union and edge signs . we also analyze the necessary number of samples for any conceivable method by providing information - theoretic lower bounds . we compare the statistical efficiency of multi - task learning versus that of single -←
→ variational program inference ; we introduce a framework for representing a variety of interesting problems as inference over the execution of probabilistic model programs . we represent a " solution " to such a problem as a guide program which runs alongside the model program and influences the model program ' s random choices , leading the model program to sample from a different distribution than from its priors . ideally the guide program influences the model program to sample from the posteriors given the evi ←
→ and the winner is ...: bayesian twitter - based prediction on 2016 u . s . presidential election ; this paper describes a naive - bayesian predictive model for 2016 u . s . presidential election based on twitter data . we use 33 , 708 tweets gathered since december 16 , 2015 until february 29 , 2016 . we introduce a simpler data preprocessing method to label the data and train the model . the model achieves 95 . 8 % accuracy on 10 - fold cross validation and predicts ted cruz and bernie sanders as republican and democratic nom ←
→ big neural networks waste capacity ; this article exposes the failure of some big neural networks to leverage added capacity to reduce underfitting . past research suggest diminishing returns when increasing the size of neural networks . our experiments on imagenet lsvrc - 2010 show that this may be due to the fact there are highly diminishing returns for capacity in terms of training error , leading to underfitting . this suggests that the optimization method - first order gradient descent - fails at this regime ←
→ consistent multilabel ranking through univariate losses ; we consider the problem of rank loss minimization in the setting of multilabel classification , which is usually tackled by means of convex surrogate losses defined on pairs of labels . very recently , this approach was put into question by a negative result showing that commonly used pairwise surrogate losses , such as exponential and logistic losses , are inconsistent . in this paper , we show a positive result which is arguably surprising in light of the ←
→ proportional volume sampling and approximation algorithms for a - optimal design ; we study the $ a $- optimal design problem where we are given vectors $ v_1 ,\ ldots , v_n \ in \ mathbb { r }^ d $, an integer $ k \ geq d $, and the goal is to select a set $ s $ of $ k $ vectors that minimizes the trace of $(\ sum_ { i \ in s } v_iv_i ^\ top )^{- 1 }$. traditionally , the problem is an instance of optimal design of experiments in statistics where each vector corresponds to a linear measurement of an unknown vector and the goal is to pick $ k $ o ←
→ context - modulation of hippocampal dynamics and deep convolutional networks ; complex architectures of biological neural circuits , such as parallel processing pathways , has been behaviorally implicated in many cognitive studies . however , the theoretical consequences of circuit complexity on neural computation have only been explored in limited cases . here , we introduce a mechanism by which direct and indirect pathways from cortex to the ca3 region of the hippocampus can balance both contextual gating of me ←
→ collaborative filtering with user - item co - autoregressive models ; deep neural networks have shown promise in collaborative filtering ( cf ). however , existing neural approaches are either user - based or item - based , which cannot leverage all the underlying information explicitly . we propose cf - uica , a neural co - autoregressive model for cf tasks , which exploits the structural correlation in the domains of both users and items . the co - autoregression allows extra desired properties to be incorporated for different ←
→ triagem virtual de imagens de imuno - histoquímica usando redes neurais artificiais e espectro de padrões ; the importance of organizing medical images according to their nature , application and relevance is increasing . furhermore , a previous selection of medical images can be useful to accelerate the task of analysis by pathologists . herein this work we propose an image classifier to integrate a cbir ( content - based image retrieval ) selection system . this classifier is based on pattern spectra and neural ne ←
→ deep continuous clustering ; clustering high - dimensional datasets is hard because interpoint distances become less informative in high - dimensional spaces . we present a clustering algorithm that performs nonlinear dimensionality reduction and clustering jointly . the data is embedded into a lower - dimensional space by a deep autoencoder . the autoencoder is optimized as part of the clustering process . the resulting network produces clustered data . the presented approach does not rely on prior knowledge of the n ←
→ taming primary key violations to query large inconsistent data ; consistent query answering over a database that violates primary key constraints is a classical hard problem in database research that has been traditionally dealt with logic programming . however , the applicability of existing logic - based solutions is restricted to data sets of moderate size . this paper presents a novel decomposition and pruning strategy that reduces , in polynomial time , the problem of computing the consistent answer to a conj ←
→ statistically significant detection of linguistic change ; we propose a new computational approach for tracking and detecting statistically significant linguistic shifts in the meaning and usage of words . such linguistic shifts are especially prevalent on the internet , where the rapid exchange of ideas can quickly change a word ' s meaning . our meta - analysis approach constructs property time series of word usage , and then uses statistically sound change point detection algorithms to identify significant lingu ←
→ graphvae : towards generation of small graphs using variational autoencoders ; deep learning on graphs has become a popular research topic with many applications . however , past work has concentrated on learning graph embedding tasks , which is in contrast with advances in generative models for images and text . is it possible to transfer this progress to the domain of graphs ? we propose to sidestep hurdles associated with linearization of such discrete structures by having a decoder output a probabilistic fu ←
→ the fitness level method with tail bounds ; the fitness - level method , also called the method of f - based partitions , is an intuitive and widely used technique for the running time analysis of randomized search heuristics . it was originally defined to prove upper and lower bounds on the expected running time . recently , upper tail bounds were added to the technique ; however , these tail bounds only apply to running times that are at least twice as large as the expectation . we remove this restriction and suppl ←
→ a large - scale multi - institutional evaluation of advanced discrimination algorithms for buried threat detection in ground penetrating radar ; in this paper we consider the development of algorithms for the automatic detection of buried threats using ground penetrating radar ( gpr ) measurements . gpr is one of the most studied and successful modalities for automatic buried threat detection ( btd ), and a large variety of btd algorithms have been proposed for it . despite this , large - scale comparisons of gpr - base ←
→ on the importance of normalisation layers in deep learning with piecewise linear activation units ; deep feedforward neural networks with piecewise linear activations are currently producing the state - of - the - art results in several public datasets . the combination of deep learning models and piecewise linear activation functions allows for the estimation of exponentially complex functions with the use of a large number of subnetworks specialized in the classification of similar input examples . during the t ←
→ deep convolutional networks for pancreas segmentation in ct imaging ; automatic organ segmentation is an important prerequisite for many computer - aided diagnosis systems . the high anatomical variability of organs in the abdomen , such as the pancreas , prevents many segmentation methods from achieving high accuracies when compared to other segmentation of organs like the liver , heart or kidneys . recently , the availability of large annotated training sets and the accessibility of affordable parallel computing ←
→ a simple proximal stochastic gradient method for nonsmooth nonconvex optimization ; we analyze stochastic gradient algorithms for optimizing nonconvex , nonsmooth finite - sum problems . in particular , the objective function is given by the summation of a differentiable ( possibly nonconvex ) component , together with a possibly non - differentiable but convex component . we propose a proximal stochastic gradient algorithm based on variance reduction , called proxsvrg +. the algorithm is a slight variant of the proxs ←
→ controlling output length in neural encoder - decoders ; neural encoder - decoder models have shown great success in many sequence generation tasks . however , previous work has not investigated situations in which we would like to control the length of encoder - decoder outputs . this capability is crucial for applications such as text summarization , in which we have to generate concise summaries with a desired length . in this paper , we propose methods for controlling the output sequence length for neural encoder - d ←
→ schema networks : zero - shot transfer with a generative causal model of intuitive physics ; the recent adaptation of deep neural network - based methods to reinforcement learning and planning domains has yielded remarkable progress on individual tasks . nonetheless , progress on task - to - task transfer remains limited . in pursuit of efficient and robust generalization , we introduce the schema network , an object - oriented generative physics simulator capable of disentangling multiple causes of events and reasoning ←
→ focused proofreading : efficiently extracting connectomes from segmented em images ; identifying complex neural circuitry from electron microscopic ( em ) images may help unlock the mysteries of the brain . however , identifying this circuitry requires time - consuming , manual tracing ( proofreading ) due to the size and intricacy of these image datasets , thus limiting state - of - the - art analysis to very small brain regions . potential avenues to improve scalability include automatic image segmentation and crowd sour ←
→ tracking multiple moving objects using unscented kalman filtering techniques ; it is an important task to reliably detect and track multiple moving objects for video surveillance and monitoring . however , when occlusion occurs in nonlinear motion scenarios , many existing methods often fail to continuously track multiple moving objects of interest . in this paper we propose an effective approach for detection and tracking of multiple moving objects with occlusion . moving targets are initially detected using ←
→ a proof of orthogonal double machine learning with $ z $- estimators ; we consider two stage estimation with a non - parametric first stage and a generalized method of moments second stage , in a simpler setting than ( chernozhukov et al . 2016 ). we give an alternative proof of the theorem given in ( chernozhukov et al . 2016 ) that orthogonal second stage moments , sample splitting and $ n ^{ 1 / 4 }$- consistency of the first stage , imply $\ sqrt { n }$- consistency and asymptotic normality of second stage estimates . our proof i ←
→ the generalized smallest grammar problem ; the smallest grammar problem -- the problem of finding the smallest context - free grammar that generates exactly one given sequence -- has never been successfully applied to grammatical inference . we investigate the reasons and propose an extended formulation that seeks to minimize non - recursive grammars , instead of straight - line programs . in addition , we provide very efficient algorithms that approximate the minimization problem of this class of grammars . our empir ←
→ performance analysis of open source machine learning frameworks for various parameters in single - threaded and multi - threaded modes ; the basic features of some of the most versatile and popular open source frameworks for machine learning ( tensorflow , deep learning4j , and h2o ) are considered and compared . their comparative analysis was performed and conclusions were made as to the advantages and disadvantages of these platforms . the performance tests for the de facto standard mnist data set were carried ou ←
→ enabling cognitive intelligence queries in relational databases using low - dimensional word embeddings ; we apply distributed language embedding methods from natural language processing to assign a vector to each database entity associated token ( for example , a token may be a word occurring in a table row , or the name of a column ). these vectors , of typical dimension 200 , capture the meaning of tokens based on the contexts in which the tokens appear together . to form vectors , we apply a learning method to ←
→ a simulation engine to support production scheduling using genetics - based machine learning ; the ever higher complexity of manufacturing systems , continually shortening life cycles of products and their increasing variety , as well as the unstable market situation of the recent years require introducing grater flexibility and responsiveness to manufacturing processes . from this perspective , one of the critical manufacturing tasks , which traditionally attract significant attention in both academia and the i ←
→ single neuron memories and the network ' s proximity matrix ; this paper extends the treatment of single - neuron memories obtained by the b - matrix approach . the spreading of the activity within the network is determined by the network ' s proximity matrix which represents the separations amongst the neurons through the neural pathways .←
→ a flexible framework for defeasible logics ; logics for knowledge representation suffer from over - specialization : while each logic may provide an ideal representation formalism for some problems , it is less than optimal for others . a solution to this problem is to choose from several logics and , when necessary , combine the representations . in general , such an approach results in a very difficult problem of combination . however , if we can choose the logics from a uniform framework then the problem of combini ←
→ minimalist grammars and minimalist categorial grammars , definitions toward inclusion of generated languages ; stabler proposes an implementation of the chomskyan minimalist program , chomsky 95 with minimalist grammars - mg , stabler 97 . this framework inherits a long linguistic tradition . but the semantic calculus is more easily added if one uses the curry - howard isomorphism . minimalist categorial grammars - mcg , based on an extension of the lambek calculus , the mixed logic , were introduced to provide a th ←
→ inferring coupling of distributed dynamical systems via transfer entropy ; in this work , we are interested in structure learning for a set of spatially distributed dynamical systems , where individual subsystems are coupled via latent variables and observed through a filter . we represent this model as a directed acyclic graph ( dag ) that characterises the unidirectional coupling between subsystems . standard approaches to structure learning are not applicable in this framework due to the hidden variables , howe ←
→ from which world is your graph ? ; discovering statistical structure from links is a fundamental problem in the analysis of social networks . choosing a misspecified model , or equivalently , an incorrect inference algorithm will result in an invalid analysis or even falsely uncover patterns that are in fact artifacts of the model . this work focuses on unifying two of the most widely used link - formation models : the stochastic blockmodel ( sbm ) and the small world ( or latent space ) model ( swm ). integrating techni ←
→ improving latent user models in online social media ; modern social platforms are characterized by the presence of rich user - behavior data associated with the publication , sharing and consumption of textual content . users interact with content and with each other in a complex and dynamic social environment while simultaneously evolving over time . in order to effectively characterize users and predict their future behavior in such a setting , it is necessary to overcome several challenges . content heterogenei ←
→ incorporating loose - structured knowledge into conversation modeling via recall - gate lstm ; modeling human conversations is the essence for building satisfying chat - bots with multi - turn dialog ability . conversation modeling will notably benefit from domain knowledge since the relationships between sentences can be clarified due to semantic hints introduced by knowledge . in this paper , a deep neural network is proposed to incorporate background knowledge for conversation modeling . through a specially design ←
→ summarizing reviews with variable - length syntactic patterns and topic models ; we present a novel summarization framework for reviews of products and services by selecting informative and concise text segments from the reviews . our method consists of two major steps . first , we identify five frequently occurring variable - length syntactic patterns and use them to extract candidate segments . then we use the output of a joint generative sentiment topic model to filter out the non - informative segments . we veri ←
→ large scale correlation screening ; this paper treats the problem of screening for variables with high correlations in high dimensional data in which there can be many fewer samples than variables . we focus on threshold - based correlation screening methods for three related applications : screening for variables with large correlations within a single treatment ( autocorrelation screening ); screening for variables with large cross - correlations over two treatments ( cross - correlation screening ); screening for va ←
→ a theory of sequence indexing and working memory in recurrent neural networks ; to accommodate structured approaches of neural computation , we propose a class of recurrent neural networks for indexing and storing sequences of symbols or analog data vectors . these networks with randomized input weights and orthogonal recurrent weights implement coding principles previously described in vector symbolic architectures ( vsa ), and leverage properties of reservoir computing . in general , the storage in reservoir ←
→ traitement des donnees manquantes au moyen de l ' algorithme de kohonen ; nous montrons comment il est possible d ' utiliser l ' algorithme d ' auto organisation de kohonen pour traiter des donn \' ees avec valeurs manquantes et estimer ces derni \` eres . apr \` es un rappel m \' ethodologique , nous illustrons notre propos \` a partir de trois applications \` a des donn \' ees r \' eelles . ----- we show how it is possible to use the kohonen self - organizing algorithm to deal with data which contain missing values and to estim ←
→ hamiltonian monte carlo with reduced momentum flips ; hamiltonian monte carlo ( or hybrid monte carlo ) with partial momentum refreshment explores the state space more slowly than it otherwise would due to the momentum reversals which occur on proposal rejection . these cause trajectories to double back on themselves , leading to random walk behavior on timescales longer than the typical rejection time , and leading to slower mixing . i present a technique by which the number of momentum reversals can be reduced .←
→ cognitive learning of statistical primary patterns via bayesian network ; in cognitive radio ( cr ) technology , the trend of sensing is no longer to only detect the presence of active primary users . a large number of applications demand for more comprehensive knowledge on primary user behaviors in spatial , temporal , and frequency domains . to satisfy such requirements , we study the statistical relationship among primary users by introducing a bayesian network ( bn ) based framework . how to learn such a bn struct ←
→ quantization and training of low bit - width convolutional neural networks for object detection ; we present lbw - net , an efficient optimization based method for quantization and training of the low bit - width convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). specifically , we quantize the weights to zero or powers of two by minimizing the euclidean distance between full - precision weights and quantized weights during backpropagation . we characterize the combinatorial nature of the low bit - width quantization problem . for 2 ←
→ gradient estimation using stochastic computation graphs ; in a variety of problems originating in supervised , unsupervised , and reinforcement learning , the loss function is defined by an expectation over a collection of random variables , which might be part of a probabilistic model or the external world . estimating the gradient of this loss function , using samples , lies at the core of gradient - based learning algorithms for these problems . we introduce the formalism of stochastic computation graphs --- directe ←
→ automated reasoning in modal and description logics via sat encoding : the case study of k ( m )/ alc - satisfiability ; in the last two decades , modal and description logics have been applied to numerous areas of computer science , including knowledge representation , formal verification , database theory , distributed computing and , more recently , semantic web and ontologies . for this reason , the problem of automated reasoning in modal and description logics has been thoroughly investigated . in particular , many ap ←
→ color constancy based on image similarity via bilayer sparse coding ; computational color constancy is a very important topic in computer vision and has attracted many researchers ' attention . recently , lots of research has shown the effects of high level visual content information for illumination estimation . however , all of these existing methods are essentially combinational strategies in which image ' s content analysis is only used to guide the combination or selection from a variety of individual illumin ←
→ statistical sentiment analysis performance in opinum ; the classification of opinion texts in positive and negative is becoming a subject of great interest in sentiment analysis . the existence of many labeled opinions motivates the use of statistical and machine - learning methods . first - order statistics have proven to be very limited in this field . the opinum approach is based on the order of the words without using any syntactic and semantic information . it consists of building one probabilistic model for t ←
→ label - dependencies aware recurrent neural networks ; in the last few years , recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have proved effective on several nlp tasks . despite such great success , their ability to model \ emph { sequence labeling } is still limited . this lead research toward solutions where rnns are combined with models which already proved effective in this domain , such as crfs . in this work we propose a solution far simpler but very effective : an evolution of the simple jordan rnn , where labels are re - inject ←
→ dependent landmark drift : robust point set registration based on the gaussian mixture model with a statistical shape model ; the goal of point set registration is to find point - by - point correspondences between point sets , each of which characterizes the shape of an object . because local preservation of object geometry is assumed , prevalent algorithms in the area can often elegantly solve the problems without using geometric information specific to the objects . this means that registration performance can ←
→ satisficing in time - sensitive bandit learning ; much of the recent literature on bandit learning focuses on algorithms that aim to converge on an optimal action . one shortcoming is that this orientation does not account for time sensitivity , which can play a crucial role when learning an optimal action requires much more information than near - optimal ones . indeed , popular approaches such as upper - confidence - bound methods and thompson sampling can fare poorly in such situations . we consider instead learning ←
→ a graphical , scalable and intuitive method for the placement and the connection of biological cells ; we introduce a graphical method originating from the computer graphics domain that is used for the arbitrary and intuitive placement of cells over a two - dimensional manifold . using a bitmap image as input , where the color indicates the identity of the different structures and the alpha channel indicates the local cell density , this method guarantees a discrete distribution of cell position respecting the ←
→ convolution aware initialization ; initialization of parameters in deep neural networks has been shown to have a big impact on the performance of the networks ( mishkin & matas , 2015 ). the initialization scheme devised by he et al , allowed convolution activations to carry a constrained mean which allowed deep networks to be trained effectively ( he et al ., 2015a ). orthogonal initializations and more generally orthogonal matrices in standard recurrent networks have been proved to eradicate the vanishing and ex ←
→ zone - based keyword spotting in bangla and devanagari documents ; in this paper we present a word spotting system in text lines for offline indic scripts such as bangla ( bengali ) and devanagari . recently , it was shown that zone - wise recognition method improves the word recognition performance than conventional full word recognition system in indic scripts . inspired with this idea we consider the zone segmentation approach and use middle zone information to improve the traditional word spotting performance . t ←
→ automatic summarization of online debates ; debate summarization is one of the novel and challenging research areas in automatic text summarization which has been largely unexplored . in this paper , we develop a debate summarization pipeline to summarize key topics which are discussed or argued in the two opposing sides of online debates . we view that the generation of debate summaries can be achieved by clustering , cluster labeling , and visualization . in our work , we investigate two different clustering app ←
→ queue - aware dynamic clustering and power allocation for network mimo systems via distributive stochastic learning ; in this paper , we propose a two - timescale delay - optimal dynamic clustering and power allocation design for downlink network mimo systems . the dynamic clustering control is adaptive to the global queue state information ( gqsi ) only and computed at the base station controller ( bsc ) over a longer time scale . on the other hand , the power allocations of all the bss in one cluster are adaptive to ←
→ analysis of large - scale traffic dynamics using non - negative tensor factorization ; in this paper , we present our work on clustering and prediction of temporal dynamics of global congestion configurations in large - scale road networks . instead of looking into temporal traffic state variation of individual links , or of small areas , we focus on spatial congestion configurations of the whole network . in our work , we aim at describing the typical temporal dynamic patterns of this network - level traffic state and ←
→ deep learning for class - generic object detection ; we investigate the use of deep neural networks for the novel task of class generic object detection . we show that neural networks originally designed for image recognition can be trained to detect objects within images , regardless of their class , including objects for which no bounding box labels have been provided . in addition , we show that bounding box labels yield a 1 % performance increase on the imagenet recognition challenge .←
→ cultural diffusion and trends in facebook photographs ; online social media is a social vehicle in which people share various moments of their lives with their friends , such as playing sports , cooking dinner or just taking a selfie for fun , via visual means , that is , photographs . our study takes a closer look at the popular visual concepts illustrating various cultural lifestyles from aggregated , de - identified photographs . we perform analysis both at macroscopic and microscopic levels , to gain novel insight ←
→ integrating learning from examples into the search for diagnostic policies ; this paper studies the problem of learning diagnostic policies from training examples . a diagnostic policy is a complete description of the decision - making actions of a diagnostician ( i . e ., tests followed by a diagnostic decision ) for all possible combinations of test results . an optimal diagnostic policy is one that minimizes the expected total cost , which is the sum of measurement costs and misdiagnosis costs . in most diagnosti ←
→ deep speaker feature learning for text - independent speaker verification ; recently deep neural networks ( dnns ) have been used to learn speaker features . however , the quality of the learned features is not sufficiently good , so a complex back - end model , either neural or probabilistic , has to be used to address the residual uncertainty when applied to speaker verification , just as with raw features . this paper presents a convolutional time - delay deep neural network structure ( ct - dnn ) for speaker feature learn ←
→ mapnet : geometry - aware learning of maps for camera localization ; maps are a key component in image - based camera localization and visual slam systems : they are used to establish geometric constraints between images , correct drift in relative pose estimation , and relocalize cameras after lost tracking . the exact definitions of maps , however , are often application - specific and hand - crafted for different scenarios ( e . g ., 3d landmarks , lines , planes , bags of visual words ). we propose to represent maps as a deep ←
→ expectation - propogation for the generative aspect model ; the generative aspect model is an extension of the multinomial model for text that allows word probabilities to vary stochastically across documents . previous results with aspect models have been promising , but hindered by the computational difficulty of carrying out inference and learning . this paper demonstrates that the simple variational methods of blei et al ( 2001 ) can lead to inaccurate inferences and biased learning for the generative aspect m ←
→ a fast semidefinite approach to solving binary quadratic problems ; many computer vision problems can be formulated as binary quadratic programs ( bqps ). two classic relaxation methods are widely used for solving bqps , namely , spectral methods and semidefinite programming ( sdp ), each with their own advantages and disadvantages . spectral relaxation is simple and easy to implement , but its bound is loose . semidefinite relaxation has a tighter bound , but its computational complexity is high for large scale prob ←
→ minimal realization problems for hidden markov models ; consider a stationary discrete random process with alphabet size d , which is assumed to be the output process of an unknown stationary hidden markov model ( hmm ). given the joint probabilities of finite length strings of the process , we are interested in finding a finite state generative model to describe the entire process . in particular , we focus on two classes of models : hmms and quasi - hmms , which is a strictly larger class of models containing hmms .←
→ joint optimization of fitting & matching in multi - view reconstruction ; many standard approaches for geometric model fitting are based on pre - matched image features . typically , such pre - matching uses only feature appearances ( e . g . sift ) and a large number of non - unique features must be discarded in order to control the false positive rate . in contrast , we solve feature matching and multi - model fitting problems in a joint optimization framework . this paper proposes several fit -&- match energy formulations bas ←
→ part - of - speech tagging with bidirectional long short - term memory recurrent neural network ; bidirectional long short - term memory recurrent neural network ( blstm - rnn ) has been shown to be very effective for tagging sequential data , e . g . speech utterances or handwritten documents . while word embedding has been demoed as a powerful representation for characterizing the statistical properties of natural language . in this study , we propose to use blstm - rnn with word embedding for part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging t ←
→ the acquisition of a lexicon from paired phoneme sequences and semantic representations ; we present an algorithm that acquires words ( pairings of phonological forms and semantic representations ) from larger utterances of unsegmented phoneme sequences and semantic representations . the algorithm maintains from utterance to utterance only a single coherent dictionary , and learns in the presence of homonymy , synonymy , and noise . test results over a corpus of utterances generated from the childes database of ←
→ serializing the parallelism in parallel communicating pushdown automata systems ; we consider parallel communicating pushdown automata systems ( pcpa ) and define a property called known communication for it . we use this property to prove that the power of a variant of pcpa , called returning centralized parallel communicating pushdown automata ( rcpcpa ), is equivalent to that of multi - head pushdown automata . the above result presents a new sub - class of returning parallel communicating pushdown automata syste ←
→ what ' s the point : semantic segmentation with point supervision ; the semantic image segmentation task presents a trade - off between test time accuracy and training - time annotation cost . detailed per - pixel annotations enable training accurate models but are very time - consuming to obtain , image - level class labels are an order of magnitude cheaper but result in less accurate models . we take a natural step from image - level annotation towards stronger supervision : we ask annotators to point to an object if one ex ←
→ between homomorphic signal processing and deep neural networks : constructing deep algorithms for polyphonic music transcription ; this paper presents a new approach in understanding how deep neural networks ( dnns ) work by applying homomorphic signal processing techniques . focusing on the task of multi - pitch estimation ( mpe ), this paper demonstrates the equivalence relation between a generalized cepstrum and a dnn in terms of their structures and functionality . such an equivalence relation , together with p ←
→ black - box optimization benchmarking of ipop - saacm - es on the bbob - 2012 noisy testbed ; in this paper , we study the performance of ipop - saacm - es , recently proposed self - adaptive surrogate - assisted covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy . the algorithm was tested using restarts till a total number of function evaluations of $ 10 ^ 6d $ was reached , where $ d $ is the dimension of the function search space . the experiments show that the surrogate model control allows ipop - saacm - es to be as robust as the ori ←
→ a prototype for projecting hpsg syntactic lexica towards lmf ; the comparative evaluation of arabic hpsg grammar lexica requires a deep study of their linguistic coverage . the complexity of this task results mainly from the heterogeneity of the descriptive components within those lexica ( underlying linguistic resources and different data categories , for example ). it is therefore essential to define more homogeneous representations , which in turn will enable us to compare them and eventually merge them . in t ←
→ a cheap linear attention mechanism with fast lookups and fixed - size representations ; the softmax content - based attention mechanism has proven to be very beneficial in many applications of recurrent neural networks . nevertheless it suffers from two major computational limitations . first , its computations for an attention lookup scale linearly in the size of the attended sequence . second , it does not encode the sequence into a fixed - size representation but instead requires to memorize all the hidden states ←
→ synergy : a linear planner based on genetic programming ; in this paper we describe synergy , which is a highly parallelizable , linear planning system that is based on the genetic programming paradigm . rather than reasoning about the world it is planning for , synergy uses artificial selection , recombination and fitness measure to generate linear plans that solve conjunctive goals . we ran synergy on several domains ( e . g ., the briefcase problem and a few variants of the robot navigation problem ), and the experi ←
→ discovering beautiful attributes for aesthetic image analysis ; aesthetic image analysis is the study and assessment of the aesthetic properties of images . current computational approaches to aesthetic image analysis either provide accurate or interpretable results . to obtain both accuracy and interpretability by humans , we advocate the use of learned and nameable visual attributes as mid - level features . for this purpose , we propose to discover and learn the visual appearance of attributes automatically , us ←
→ spectral clustering with imbalanced data ; spectral clustering is sensitive to how graphs are constructed from data particularly when proximal and imbalanced clusters are present . we show that ratio - cut ( rcut ) or normalized cut ( ncut ) objectives are not tailored to imbalanced data since they tend to emphasize cut sizes over cut values . we propose a graph partitioning problem that seeks minimum cut partitions under minimum size constraints on partitions to deal with imbalanced data . our approach parameterize ←
→ domain - specific sentiment word extraction by seed expansion and pattern generation ; this paper focuses on the automatic extraction of domain - specific sentiment word ( dssw ), which is a fundamental subtask of sentiment analysis . most previous work utilizes manual patterns for this task . however , the performance of those methods highly relies on the labelled patterns or selected seeds . in order to overcome the above problem , this paper presents an automatic framework to detect large - scale domain - specific pa ←
→ automated and weighted self - organizing time maps ; this paper proposes schemes for automated and weighted self - organizing time maps ( sotms ). the sotm provides means for a visual approach to evolutionary clustering , which aims at producing a sequence of clustering solutions . this task we denote as visual dynamic clustering . the implication of an automated sotm is not only a data - driven parametrization of the sotm , but also the feature of adjusting the training to the characteristics of the data at each time ←
→ on classification with bags , groups and sets ; many classification problems can be difficult to formulate directly in terms of the traditional supervised setting , where both training and test samples are individual feature vectors . there are cases in which samples are better described by sets of feature vectors , that labels are only available for sets rather than individual samples , or , if individual labels are available , that these are not independent . to better deal with such problems , several extensions ←
→ end - to - end prediction of buffer overruns from raw source code via neural memory networks ; detecting buffer overruns from a source code is one of the most common and yet challenging tasks in program analysis . current approaches have mainly relied on rigid rules and handcrafted features devised by a few experts , limiting themselves in terms of flexible applicability and robustness due to diverse bug patterns and characteristics existing in sophisticated real - world software programs . in this paper , we propo ←
→ photo - to - caricature translation on faces in the wild ; recently , image - to - image translation has been made much progress owing to the success of conditional generative adversarial networks ( cgans ). however , it ' s still very challenging for translation tasks with the requirement of high - level visual information conversion , such as photo - to - caricature translation that requires satire , exaggeration , lifelikeness and artistry . we present an approach for learning to translate faces in the wild from the source phot ←
→ bilingual learning of multi - sense embeddings with discrete autoencoders ; we present an approach to learning multi - sense word embeddings relying both on monolingual and bilingual information . our model consists of an encoder , which uses monolingual and bilingual context ( i . e . a parallel sentence ) to choose a sense for a given word , and a decoder which predicts context words based on the chosen sense . the two components are estimated jointly . we observe that the word representations induced from bilingual da ←
→ plug and play ! a simple , universal model for energy disaggregation ; energy disaggregation is to discover the energy consumption of individual appliances from their aggregated energy values . to solve the problem , most existing approaches rely on either appliances ' signatures or their state transition patterns , both hard to obtain in practice . aiming at developing a simple , universal model that works without depending on sophisticated machine learning techniques or auxiliary equipments , we make use of easily ←
→ supervised hashing with end - to - end binary deep neural network ; image hashing is a popular technique applied to large scale content - based visual retrieval due to its compact and efficient binary codes . our work proposes a new end - to - end deep network architecture for supervised hashing which directly learns binary codes from input images and maintains good properties over binary codes such as similarity preservation , independence , and balancing . furthermore , we also propose a new learning scheme that can cop ←
→ boosting - like deep learning for pedestrian detection ; this paper proposes boosting - like deep learning ( bdl ) framework for pedestrian detection . due to overtraining on the limited training samples , overfitting is a major problem of deep learning . we incorporate a boosting - like technique into deep learning to weigh the training samples , and thus prevent overtraining in the iterative process . we theoretically give the details of derivation of our algorithm , and report the experimental results on open data set ←
→ a study on the global convergence time complexity of estimation of distribution algorithms ; the estimation of distribution algorithm is a new class of population based search methods in that a probabilistic model of individuals is estimated based on the high quality individuals and used to generate the new individuals . in this paper we compute 1 ) some upper bounds on the number of iterations required for global convergence of eda 2 ) the exact number of iterations needed for eda to converge to global opti ←
→ mdps with unawareness ; markov decision processes ( mdps ) are widely used for modeling decision - making problems in robotics , automated control , and economics . traditional mdps assume that the decision maker ( dm ) knows all states and actions . however , this may not be true in many situations of interest . we define a new framework , mdps with unawareness ( mdpus ) to deal with the possibilities that a dm may not be aware of all possible actions . we provide a complete characterization of when a dm can learn to play ←
→ learning from graph neighborhoods using lstms ; many prediction problems can be phrased as inferences over local neighborhoods of graphs . the graph represents the interaction between entities , and the neighborhood of each entity contains information that allows the inferences or predictions . we present an approach for applying machine learning directly to such graph neighborhoods , yielding predicitons for graph nodes on the basis of the structure of their local neighborhood and the features of the nodes in ←
→ representation of functional data in neural networks ; functional data analysis ( fda ) is an extension of traditional data analysis to functional data , for example spectra , temporal series , spatio - temporal images , gesture recognition data , etc . functional data are rarely known in practice ; usually a regular or irregular sampling is known . for this reason , some processing is needed in order to benefit from the smooth character of functional data in the analysis methods . this paper shows how to extend the radi ←
→ mathematics , recursion , and universals in human languages ; there are many scientific problems generated by the multiple and conflicting alternative definitions of linguistic recursion and human recursive processing that exist in the literature . the purpose of this article is to make available to the linguistic community the standard mathematical definition of recursion and to apply it to discuss linguistic recursion . as a byproduct , we obtain an insight into certain " soft universals " of human languages , wh ←
→ a semi - supervised method for predicting cancer survival using incomplete clinical data ; prediction of survival for cancer patients is an open area of research . however , many of these studies focus on datasets with a large number of patients . we present a novel method that is specifically designed to address the challenge of data scarcity , which is often the case for cancer datasets . our method is able to use unlabeled data to improve classification by adopting a semi - supervised training approach to learn ←
→ dynamics transfer gan : generating video by transferring arbitrary temporal dynamics from a source video to a single target image ; in this paper , we propose dynamics transfer gan ; a new method for generating video sequences based on generative adversarial learning . the spatial constructs of a generated video sequence are acquired from the target image . the dynamics of the generated video sequence are imported from a source video sequence , with arbitrary motion , and imposed onto the target image . to preser ←
→ anisotropic - scale junction detection and matching for indoor images ; junctions play an important role in the characterization of local geometric structures in images , the detection of which is a longstanding and challenging task . existing junction detectors usually focus on identifying the junction locations and the orientations of the junction branches while ignoring their scales ; however , these scales also contain rich geometric information . this paper presents a novel approach to junction detection and ←
→ recovery guarantees for one - hidden - layer neural networks ; in this paper , we consider regression problems with one - hidden - layer neural networks ( 1nns ). we distill some properties of activation functions that lead to $\ mathit { local ~ strong ~ convexity }$ in the neighborhood of the ground - truth parameters for the 1nn squared - loss objective . most popular nonlinear activation functions satisfy the distilled properties , including rectified linear units ( relus ), leaky relus , squared relus and sigmoids . for activation ←
→ grounded objects and interactions for video captioning ; we address the problem of video captioning by grounding language generation on object interactions in the video . existing work mostly focuses on overall scene understanding with often limited or no emphasis on object interactions to address the problem of video understanding . in this paper , we propose sinet - caption that learns to generate captions grounded over higher - order interactions between arbitrary groups of objects for fine - grained video unders ←
→ component - based distributed framework for coherent and real - time video dehazing ; traditional dehazing techniques , as a well studied topic in image processing , are now widely used to eliminate the haze effects from individual images . however , even the state - of - the - art dehazing algorithms may not provide sufficient support to video analytics , as a crucial pre - processing step for video - based decision making systems ( e . g ., robot navigation ), due to the limitations of these algorithms on poor result coherence ←
→ awe - cm vectors : augmenting word embeddings with a clinical metathesaurus ; in recent years , word embeddings have been surprisingly effective at capturing intuitive characteristics of the words they represent . these vectors achieve the best results when training corpora are extremely large , sometimes billions of words . clinical natural language processing datasets , however , tend to be much smaller . even the largest publicly - available dataset of medical notes is three orders of magnitude smaller than the data ←
→ an analysis of the value of information when exploring stochastic , discrete multi - armed bandits ; in this paper , we propose an information - theoretic exploration strategy for stochastic , discrete multi - armed bandits that achieves optimal regret . our strategy is based on the value of information criterion . this criterion measures the trade - off between policy information and obtainable rewards . high amounts of policy information are associated with exploration - dominant searches of the space and yield high re ←
→ detail - preserving and content - aware variational multi - view stereo reconstruction ; accurate recovery of 3d geometrical surfaces from calibrated 2d multi - view images is a fundamental yet active research area in computer vision . despite the steady progress in multi - view stereo reconstruction , most existing methods are still limited in recovering fine - scale details and sharp features while suppressing noises , and may fail in reconstructing regions with few textures . to address these limitations , this paper p ←
→ hybrid q - learning applied to ubiquitous recommender system ; ubiquitous information access becomes more and more important nowadays and research is aimed at making it adapted to users . our work consists in applying machine learning techniques in order to bring a solution to some of the problems concerning the acceptance of the system by users . to achieve this , we propose a fundamental shift in terms of how we model the learning of recommender system : inspired by models of human reasoning developed in roboti ←
→ a visual embedding for the unsupervised extraction of abstract semantics ; vector - space word representations obtained from neural network models have been shown to enable semantic operations based on vector arithmetic . in this paper , we explore the existence of similar information on vector representations of images . for that purpose we define a methodology to obtain large , sparse vector representations of image classes , and generate vectors through the state - of - the - art deep learning architecture googlenet ←
→ does the d . c . response of memristors allow robotic short - term memory and a possible route to artificial time perception ? ; time perception is essential for task switching , and in the mammalian brain appears alongside other processes . memristors are electronic components used as synapses and as models for neurons . the d . c . response of memristors can be considered as a type of short - term memory . interactions of the memristor d . c . response within networks of memristors leads to the emergence of oscillatory d ←
→ incidental scene text understanding : recent progresses on icdar 2015 robust reading competition challenge 4 ; different from focused texts present in natural images , which are captured with user ' s intention and intervention , incidental texts usually exhibit much more diversity , variability and complexity , thus posing significant difficulties and challenges for scene text detection and recognition algorithms . the icdar 2015 robust reading competition challenge 4 was launched to assess the performance of ex ←
→ bayesian splda ; in this document we are going to derive the equations needed to implement a variational bayes estimation of the parameters of the simplified probabilistic linear discriminant analysis ( splda ) model . this can be used to adapt splda from one database to another with few development data or to implement the fully bayesian recipe . our approach is similar to bishop ' s vb ppca .←
→ compliant conditions for polynomial time approximation of operator counts ; in this paper , we develop a computationally simpler version of the operator count heuristic for a particular class of domains . the contribution of this abstract is threefold , we ( 1 ) propose an efficient closed form approximation to the operator count heuristic using the lagrangian dual ; ( 2 ) leverage compressed sensing techniques to obtain an integer approximation for operator counts in polynomial time ; and ( 3 ) discuss the relation ←
→ measuring the state of the art of automated pathway curation using graph algorithms - a case study of the mtor pathway ; this paper evaluates the difference between human pathway curation and current nlp systems . we propose graph analysis methods for quantifying the gap between human curated pathway maps and the output of state - of - the - art automatic nlp systems . evaluation is performed on the popular mtor pathway . based on analyzing where current systems perform well and where they fail , we identify possib ←
→ external prior guided internal prior learning for real noisy image denoising ; most of existing image denoising methods learn image priors from either external data or the noisy image itself to remove noise . however , priors learned from external data may not be adaptive to the image to be denoised , while priors learned from the given noisy image may not be accurate due to the interference of corrupted noise . meanwhile , the noise in real - world noisy images is very complex , which is hard to be described by ←
→ a new similarity measure for non - local means filtering of mri images ; the acquisition of mri images offers a trade - off in terms of acquisition time , spatial / temporal resolution and signal - to - noise ratio ( snr ). thus , for instance , increasing the time efficiency of mri often comes at the expense of reduced snr . this , in turn , necessitates the use of post - processing tools for noise rejection , which makes image de - noising an indispensable component of computer assistance diagnosis . in the field of mri , a multi ←
→ an event based approach to situational representation ; many application domains require representing interrelated real - world activities and / or evolving physical phenomena . in the crisis response domain , for instance , one may be interested in representing the state of the unfolding crisis ( e . g ., forest fire ), the progress of the response activities such as evacuation and traffic control , and the state of the crisis site ( s ). such a situation representation can then be used to support a multitude of applicati ←
→ enhanced high dynamic range 3d shape measurement based on generalized phase - shifting algorithm ; it is a challenge for phase measurement profilometry ( pmp ) to measure objects with a large range of reflectivity variation across the surface . saturated or dark pixels in the deformed fringe patterns captured by the camera will lead to phase fluctuations and errors . jiang et al . proposed a high dynamic range real - time 3d shape measurement method without changing camera exposures . three inverted phase - shifted f ←
→ sentence correction based on large - scale language modelling ; with the further development of informatization , more and more data is stored in the form of text . there are some loss of text during their generation and transmission . the paper aims to establish a language model based on the large - scale corpus to complete the restoration of missing text . in this paper , we introduce a novel measurement to find the missing words , and a way of establishing a comprehensive candidate lexicon to insert the correct ch ←
→ variational neural discourse relation recognizer ; implicit discourse relation recognition is a crucial component for automatic discourselevel analysis and nature language understanding . previous studies exploit discriminative models that are built on either powerful manual features or deep discourse representations . in this paper , instead , we explore generative models and propose a variational neural discourse relation recognizer . we refer to this model as varndrr . varndrr establishes a directed probabilis ←
→ cnn cascades for segmenting whole slide images of the kidney ; due to the increasing availability of whole slide scanners facilitating digitization of histopathological tissue , there is a strong demand for the development of computer based image analysis systems . in this work , the focus is on the segmentation of the glomeruli constituting a highly relevant structure in renal histopathology , which has not been investigated before in combination with cnns . we propose two different cnn cascades for segmentatio ←
→ sales forecasting using wavenet within the framework of the kaggle competition ; we took part in the corporacion favorita grocery sales forecasting competition hosted on kaggle and achieved the 2nd place . in this abstract paper , we present an overall analysis and solution to the underlying machine - learning problem based on time series data , where major challenges are identified and corresponding preliminary methods are proposed . our approach is based on the adaptation of dilated convolutional neural netwo ←
→ spectral learning of dynamic systems from nonequilibrium data ; observable operator models ( ooms ) and related models are one of the most important and powerful tools for modeling and analyzing stochastic systems . they exactly describe dynamics of finite - rank systems and can be efficiently and consistently estimated through spectral learning under the assumption of identically distributed data . in this paper , we investigate the properties of spectral learning without this assumption due to the requirements o ←
→ low - complexity stochastic generalized belief propagation ; the generalized belief propagation ( gbp ), introduced by yedidia et al ., is an extension of the belief propagation ( bp ) algorithm , which is widely used in different problems involved in calculating exact or approximate marginals of probability distributions . in many problems , it has been observed that the accuracy of gbp considerably outperforms that of bp . however , because in general the computational complexity of gbp is higher than bp , its applica ←
→ online discriminative dictionary learning for image classification based on block - coordinate descent method ; previous researches have demonstrated that the framework of dictionary learning with sparse coding , in which signals are decomposed as linear combinations of a few atoms of a learned dictionary , is well adept to reconstruction issues . this framework has also been used for discrimination tasks such as image classification . to achieve better performances of classification , experts develop several me ←
→ learning neural markers of schizophrenia disorder using recurrent neural networks ; smart systems that can accurately diagnose patients with mental disorders and identify effective treatments based on brain functional imaging data are of great applicability and are gaining much attention . most previous machine learning studies use hand - designed features , such as functional connectivity , which does not maintain the potential useful information in the spatial relationship between brain regions and the tempo ←
→ semi - supervised question retrieval with gated convolutions ; question answering forums are rapidly growing in size with no effective automated ability to refer to and reuse answers already available for previous posted questions . in this paper , we develop a methodology for finding semantically related questions . the task is difficult since 1 ) key pieces of information are often buried in extraneous details in the question body and 2 ) available annotations on similar questions are scarce and fragmented . we d ←
→ principled hybrids of generative and discriminative domain adaptation ; we propose a probabilistic framework for domain adaptation that blends both generative and discriminative modeling in a principled way . under this framework , generative and discriminative models correspond to specific choices of the prior over parameters . this provides us a very general way to interpolate between generative and discriminative extremes through different choices of priors . by maximizing both the marginal and the condition ←
→ parallelizable sparse inverse formulation gaussian processes ( spingp ) ; we propose a parallelizable sparse inverse formulation gaussian process ( spingp ) for temporal models . it uses a sparse precision gp formulation and sparse matrix routines to speed up the computations . due to the state - space formulation used in the algorithm , the time complexity of the basic spingp is linear , and because all the computations are parallelizable , the parallel form of the algorithm is sublinear in the number of data points .←
→ tuning cld maps ; the coherence length diagram and the related maps have been shown to represent a useful tool for image analysis . setting threshold parameters is one of the most important issues when dealing with such applications , as they affect both the computability , which is outlined by the support map , and the appearance of the coherence length diagram itself and of defect maps . a coupled optimization analysis , returning a range for the basic ( saturation ) threshold , and a histogram based method , yield ←
→ on coordinate minimization of convex piecewise - affine functions ; a popular class of algorithms to optimize the dual lp relaxation of the discrete energy minimization problem ( a . k . a .\ map inference in graphical models or valued constraint satisfaction ) are convergent message - passing algorithms , such as max - sum diffusion , trw - s , mplp and srmp . these algorithms are successful in practice , despite the fact that they are a version of coordinate minimization applied to a convex piecewise - affine function , which i ←
→ feature engineering for knowledge base construction ; knowledge base construction ( kbc ) is the process of populating a knowledge base , i . e ., a relational database together with inference rules , with information extracted from documents and structured sources . kbc blurs the distinction between two traditional database problems , information extraction and information integration . for the last several years , our group has been building knowledge bases with scientific collaborators . using our approach , we have ←
→ traffic surveillance camera calibration by 3d model bounding box alignment for accurate vehicle speed measurement ; in this paper , we focus on fully automatic traffic surveillance camera calibration , which we use for speed measurement of passing vehicles . we improve over a recent state - of - the - art camera calibration method for traffic surveillance based on two detected vanishing points . more importantly , we propose a novel automatic scene scale inference method . the method is based on matching bounding box ←
→ the linguistic ds : linguisitic description in mpeg - 7 ; mpeg - 7 ( moving picture experts group phase 7 ) is an xml - based international standard on semantic description of multimedia content . this document discusses the linguistic ds and related tools . the linguistic ds is a tool , based on the gda tag set ( http :// i - content . org / gda / tagset . html ), for semantic annotation of linguistic data in or associated with multimedia content . the current document text reflects ` study of fpdam - mpeg - 7 mds extensions ' issued in ←
→ pct and beyond : towards a computational framework for ` intelligent ' communicative systems ; recent years have witnessed increasing interest in the potential benefits of ` intelligent ' autonomous machines such as robots . honda ' s asimo humanoid robot , irobot ' s roomba robot vacuum cleaner and google ' s driverless cars have fired the imagination of the general public , and social media buzz with speculation about a utopian world of helpful robot assistants or the coming robot apocalypse ! however , there is a long ←
→ probabilistic models over ordered partitions with application in learning to rank ; this paper addresses the general problem of modelling and learning rank data with ties . we propose a probabilistic generative model , that models the process as permutations over partitions . this results in super - exponential combinatorial state space with unknown numbers of partitions and unknown ordering among them . we approach the problem from the discrete choice theory , where subsets are chosen in a stagewise manner , red ←
→ a reduction for optimizing lattice submodular functions with diminishing returns ; a function $ f : \ mathbb { z } _ +^ e \ rightarrow \ mathbb { r } _ +$ is dr - submodular if it satisfies $ f (\ bx + \ chi_i ) - f (\ bx ) \ ge f (\ by + \ chi_i ) - f (\ by )$ for all $\ bx \ le \ by , i \ in e $. recently , the problem of maximizing a dr - submodular function $ f : \ mathbb { z } _ +^ e \ rightarrow \ mathbb { r } _ +$ subject to a budget constraint $\|\ bx \| _1 \ leq b $ as well as additional constraints has received significant attention \ cite { skik14 , sy15 , myk15 , sy1 ←
→ representing and reasoning about game strategies ; as a contribution to the challenge of building game - playing ai systems , we develop and analyse a formal language for representing and reasoning about strategies . our logical language builds on the existing general game description language ( gdl ) and extends it by a standard modality for linear time along with two dual connectives to express preferences when combining strategies . the semantics of the language is provided by a standard state - transition model .←
→ characterizing implicit bias in terms of optimization geometry ; we study the bias of generic optimization methods , including mirror descent , natural gradient descent and steepest descent with respect to different potentials and norms , when optimizing underdetermined linear regression or separable linear classification problems . we ask the question of whether the global minimum ( among the many possible global minima ) reached by optimization algorithms can be characterized in terms of the potential or norm , ←
→ poisson intensity estimation with reproducing kernels ; despite the fundamental nature of the inhomogeneous poisson process in the theory and application of stochastic processes , and its attractive generalizations ( e . g . cox process ), few tractable nonparametric modeling approaches of intensity functions exist , especially when observed points lie in a high - dimensional space . in this paper we develop a new , computationally tractable reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ) formulation for the inhomogeneous poi ←
→ identification of pleonastic it using the web ; in a significant minority of cases , certain pronouns , especially the pronoun it , can be used without referring to any specific entity . this phenomenon of pleonastic pronoun usage poses serious problems for systems aiming at even a shallow understanding of natural language texts . in this paper , a novel approach is proposed to identify such uses of it : the extrapositional cases are identified using a series of queries against the web , and the cleft cases are ide ←
→ the study of cuckoo optimization algorithm for production planning problem ; constrained nonlinear programming problems are hard problems , and one of the most widely used and common problems for production planning problem to optimize . in this study , one of the mathematical models of production planning is survey and the problem solved by cuckoo algorithm . cuckoo algorithm is efficient method to solve continues non linear problem . moreover , mentioned models of production planning solved with genetic algor ←
→ realizing an optimization approach inspired from piagets theory on cognitive development ; the objective of this paper is to introduce an artificial intelligence based optimization approach , which is inspired from piagets theory on cognitive development . the approach has been designed according to essential processes that an individual may experience while learning something new or improving his / her knowledge . these processes are associated with the piagets ideas on an individuals cognitive development .←
→ minimally naturalistic artificial intelligence ; the rapid advancement of machine learning techniques has re - energized research into general artificial intelligence . while the idea of domain - agnostic meta - learning is appealing , this emerging field must come to terms with its relationship to human cognition and the statistics and structure of the tasks humans perform . the position of this article is that only by aligning our agents ' abilities and environments with those of humans do we stand a chance at deve ←
→ dose prediction with u - net : a feasibility study for predicting dose distributions from contours using deep learning on prostate imrt patients ; with the advancement of treatment modalities in radiation therapy , outcomes haves greatly improved , but at the cost of increased treatment plan complexity and planning time . the accurate prediction of dose distributions would alleviate this issue by guiding clinical plan optimization to save time and maintain high quality plans . we have developed a novel applicati ←
→ statistical comparison of classifiers through bayesian hierarchical modelling ; usually one compares the accuracy of two competing classifiers via null hypothesis significance tests ( nhst ). yet the nhst tests suffer from important shortcomings , which can be overcome by switching to bayesian hypothesis testing . we propose a bayesian hierarchical model which jointly analyzes the cross - validation results obtained by two classifiers on multiple data sets . it returns the posterior probability of the accuracies ←
→ linear time complexity deep fourier scattering network and extension to nonlinear invariants ; in this paper we propose a scalable version of a state - of - the - art deterministic time - invariant feature extraction approach based on consecutive changes of basis and nonlinearities , namely , the scattering network . the first focus of the paper is to extend the scattering network to allow the use of higher order nonlinearities as well as extracting nonlinear and fourier based statistics leading to the required inva ←
→ constructing low star discrepancy point sets with genetic algorithms ; geometric discrepancies are standard measures to quantify the irregularity of distributions . they are an important notion in numerical integration . one of the most important discrepancy notions is the so - called \ emph { star discrepancy }. roughly speaking , a point set of low star discrepancy value allows for a small approximation error in quasi - monte carlo integration . it is thus the most studied discrepancy notion . in this work we presen ←
→ training recurrent networks online without backtracking ; we introduce the " nobacktrack " algorithm to train the parameters of dynamical systems such as recurrent neural networks . this algorithm works in an online , memoryless setting , thus requiring no backpropagation through time , and is scalable , avoiding the large computational and memory cost of maintaining the full gradient of the current state with respect to the parameters . the algorithm essentially maintains , at each time , a single search direction ←
→ correlated - pca : principal components ' analysis when data and noise are correlated ; given a matrix of observed data , principal components analysis ( pca ) computes a small number of orthogonal directions that contain most of its variability . provably accurate solutions for pca have been in use for a long time . however , to the best of our knowledge , all existing theoretical guarantees for it assume that the data and the corrupting noise are mutually independent , or at least uncorrelated . this is valid in pra ←
→ blitznet : a real - time deep network for scene understanding ; real - time scene understanding has become crucial in many applications such as autonomous driving . in this paper , we propose a deep architecture , called blitznet , that jointly performs object detection and semantic segmentation in one forward pass , allowing real - time computations . besides the computational gain of having a single network to perform several tasks , we show that object detection and semantic segmentation benefit from each other in ter ←
→ clustering on the edge : learning structure in graphs ; with the recent popularity of graphical clustering methods , there has been an increased focus on the information between samples . we show how learning cluster structure using edge features naturally and simultaneously determines the most likely number of clusters and addresses data scale issues . these results are particularly useful in instances where ( a ) there are a large number of clusters and ( b ) we have some labeled edges . applications in this domai ←
→ libopt : an open - source platform for fast prototyping soft optimization techniques ; optimization techniques play an important role in several scientific and real - world applications , thus becoming of great interest for the community . as a consequence , a number of open - source libraries are available in the literature , which ends up fostering the research and development of new techniques and applications . in this work , we present a new library for the implementation and fast prototyping of nature - inspired t ←
→ deformable distributed multiple detector fusion for multi - person tracking ; this paper addresses fully automated multi - person tracking in complex environments with challenging occlusion and extensive pose variations . our solution combines multiple detectors for a set of different regions of interest ( e . g ., full - body and head ) for multi - person tracking . the use of multiple detectors leads to fewer miss detections as it is able to exploit the complementary strengths of the individual detectors . while the nu ←
→ learning probability measures with respect to optimal transport metrics ; we study the problem of estimating , in the sense of optimal transport metrics , a measure which is assumed supported on a manifold embedded in a hilbert space . by establishing a precise connection between optimal transport metrics , optimal quantization , and learning theory , we derive new probabilistic bounds for the performance of a classic algorithm in unsupervised learning ( k - means ), when used to produce a probability measure derived ←
→ computational phonology ; phonology , as it is practiced , is deeply computational . phonological analysis is data - intensive and the resulting models are nothing other than specialized data structures and algorithms . in the past , phonological computation - managing data and developing analyses - was done manually with pencil and paper . increasingly , with the proliferation of affordable computers , ipa fonts and drawing software , phonologists are seeking to move their computation work online . computational phono ←
→ honeyfaces : increasing the security and privacy of authentication using synthetic facial images ; one of the main challenges faced by biometric - based authentication systems is the need to offer secure authentication while maintaining the privacy of the biometric data . previous solutions , such as secure sketch and fuzzy extractors , rely on assumptions that cannot be guaranteed in practice , and often affect the authentication accuracy . in this paper , we introduce honeyfaces : the concept of adding a large ←
→ ensembles of classifiers based on dimensionality reduction ; we present a novel approach for the construction of ensemble classifiers based on dimensionality reduction . dimensionality reduction methods represent datasets using a small number of attributes while preserving the information conveyed by the original dataset . the ensemble members are trained based on dimension - reduced versions of the training set . these versions are obtained by applying dimensionality reduction to the original training set using ←
→ personalized age progression with aging dictionary ; in this paper , we aim to automatically render aging faces in a personalized way . basically , a set of age - group specific dictionaries are learned , where the dictionary bases corresponding to the same index yet from different dictionaries form a particular aging process pattern cross different age groups , and a linear combination of these patterns expresses a particular personalized aging process . moreover , two factors are taken into consideration in the di ←
→ funnel - structured cascade for multi - view face detection with alignment - awareness ; multi - view face detection in open environment is a challenging task due to diverse variations of face appearances and shapes . most multi - view face detectors depend on multiple models and organize them in parallel , pyramid or tree structure , which compromise between the accuracy and time - cost . aiming at a more favorable multi - view face detector , we propose a novel funnel - structured cascade ( fust ) detection framework . in a co ←
→ flows generating nonlinear eigenfunctions ; nonlinear variational methods have become very powerful tools for many image processing tasks . recently a new line of research has emerged , dealing with nonlinear eigenfunctions induced by convex functionals . this has provided new insights and better theoretical understanding of convex regularization and introduced new processing methods . however , the theory of nonlinear eigenvalue problems is still at its infancy . we present a new flow that can generate nonlinear ←
→ poi : multiple object tracking with high performance detection and appearance feature ; detection and learning based appearance feature play the central role in data association based multiple object tracking ( mot ), but most recent mot works usually ignore them and only focus on the hand - crafted feature and association algorithms . in this paper , we explore the high - performance detection and deep learning based appearance feature , and show that they lead to significantly better mot results in both online an ←
→ beat by beat : classifying cardiac arrhythmias with recurrent neural networks ; with tens of thousands of electrocardiogram ( ecg ) records processed by mobile cardiac event recorders every day , heart rhythm classification algorithms are an important tool for the continuous monitoring of patients at risk . we utilise an annotated dataset of 12 , 186 single - lead ecg recordings to build a diverse ensemble of recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) that is able to distinguish between normal sinus rhythms , atrial fibrilla ←
→ learn & fuzz : machine learning for input fuzzing ; fuzzing consists of repeatedly testing an application with modified , or fuzzed , inputs with the goal of finding security vulnerabilities in input - parsing code . in this paper , we show how to automate the generation of an input grammar suitable for input fuzzing using sample inputs and neural - network - based statistical machine - learning techniques . we present a detailed case study with a complex input format , namely pdf , and a large complex security - critical pars ←
→ a multi - agent reinforcement learning model of common - pool resource appropriation ; humanity faces numerous problems of common - pool resource appropriation . this class of multi - agent social dilemma includes the problems of ensuring sustainable use of fresh water , common fisheries , grazing pastures , and irrigation systems . abstract models of common - pool resource appropriation based on non - cooperative game theory predict that self - interested agents will generally fail to find socially positive equilibria --- a ←
→ evolutionary training of sparse artificial neural networks : a network science perspective ; through the success of deep learning , artificial neural networks ( anns ) are among the most used artificial intelligence methods nowadays . anns have led to major breakthroughs in various domains , such as particle physics , reinforcement learning , speech recognition , computer vision , and so on . taking inspiration from the network properties of biological neural networks ( e . g . sparsity , scale - freeness ), we argue that (←
→ face alignment in - the - wild : a survey ; over the last two decades , face alignment or localizing fiducial facial points has received increasing attention owing to its comprehensive applications in automatic face analysis . however , such a task has proven extremely challenging in unconstrained environments due to many confounding factors , such as pose , occlusions , expression and illumination . while numerous techniques have been developed to address these challenges , this problem is still far away from being sol ←
→ on the effects of batch and weight normalization in generative adversarial networks ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are highly effective unsupervised learning frameworks that can generate very sharp data , even for data such as images with complex , highly multimodal distributions . however gans are known to be very hard to train , suffering from problems such as mode collapse and disturbing visual artifacts . batch normalization ( bn ) techniques have been introduced to address the training . though bn ←
→ shine : signed heterogeneous information network embedding for sentiment link prediction ; in online social networks people often express attitudes towards others , which forms massive sentiment links among users . predicting the sign of sentiment links is a fundamental task in many areas such as personal advertising and public opinion analysis . previous works mainly focus on textual sentiment classification , however , text information can only disclose the " tip of the iceberg " about users ' true opinions , of ←
→ randomboost : simplified multi - class boosting through randomization ; we propose a novel boosting approach to multi - class classification problems , in which multiple classes are distinguished by a set of random projection matrices in essence . the approach uses random projections to alleviate the proliferation of binary classifiers typically required to perform multi - class classification . the result is a multi - class classifier with a single vector - valued parameter , irrespective of the number of classes involve ←
→ a data science approach to understanding residential water contamination in flint ; when the residents of flint learned that lead had contaminated their water system , the local government made water - testing kits available to them free of charge . the city government published the results of these tests , creating a valuable dataset that is key to understanding the causes and extent of the lead contamination event in flint . this is the nation ' s largest dataset on lead in a municipal water system . in this p ←
→ bag - of - features image indexing and classification in microsoft sql server relational database ; this paper presents a novel relational database architecture aimed to visual objects classification and retrieval . the framework is based on the bag - of - features image representation model combined with the support vector machine classification and is integrated in a microsoft sql server database .←
→ an overview of embedding models of entities and relationships for knowledge base completion ; knowledge bases ( kbs ) of real - world facts about entities and their relationships are useful resources for a variety of natural language processing tasks . however , because knowledge bases are typically incomplete , it is useful to be able to perform knowledge base completion or link prediction , i . e ., predict whether a relationship not in the knowledge base is likely to be true . this article serves as a brief overvi ←
→ optimal belief revision ; we propose a new approach to belief revision that provides a way to change knowledge bases with a minimum of effort . we call this way of revising belief states optimal belief revision . our revision method gives special attention to the fact that most belief revision processes are directed to a specific informational objective . this approach to belief change is founded on notions such as optimal context and accessibility . for the sentential model of belief states we provide both a f ←
→ video processing from electro - optical sensors for object detection and tracking in maritime environment : a survey ; we present a survey on maritime object detection and tracking approaches , which are essential for the development of a navigational system for autonomous ships . the electro - optical ( eo ) sensor considered here is a video camera that operates in the visible or the infrared spectra , which conventionally complement radar and sonar and have demonstrated effectiveness for situational awareness at ←
→ learning mixtures of product distributions via higher multilinear moments ; learning mixtures of $ k $ binary product distributions is a central problem in computational learning theory , but one where there are wide gaps between the best known algorithms and lower bounds ( even for restricted families of algorithms ). we narrow many of these gaps by developing novel insights about how to reason about higher order multilinear moments . our results include : 1 ) an $ n ^{ o ( k ^ 2 )}$ time algorithm for learning mixtur ←
→ recommendations with negative feedback via pairwise deep reinforcement learning ; recommender systems play a crucial role in mitigating the problem of information overload by suggesting users ' personalized items or services . the vast majority of traditional recommender systems consider the recommendation procedure as a static process and make recommendations following a fixed strategy . in this paper , we propose a novel recommender system with the capability of continuously improving its strategies during ←
→ stochastic matrix factorization ; this paper considers a restriction to non - negative matrix factorization in which at least one matrix factor is stochastic . that is , the elements of the matrix factors are non - negative and the columns of one matrix factor sum to 1 . this restriction includes topic models , a popular method for analyzing unstructured data . it also includes a method for storing and finding pictures . the paper presents necessary and sufficient conditions on the observed data such that the factori ←
→ on the resilience of an ant - based system in fuzzy environments . an empirical study ; the current work describes an empirical study conducted in order to investigate the behavior of an optimization method in a fuzzy environment . max - min ant system , an efficient implementation of a heuristic method is used for solving an optimization problem derived from the traveling salesman problem ( tsp ). several publicly - available symmetric tsp instances and their fuzzy variants are tested in order to extract some gener ←
→ fast and accurate reconstruction of compressed color light field ; light field photography has been studied thoroughly in recent years . one of its drawbacks is the need for multilens in the imaging . to compensate that , compressed light field photography has been proposed to tackle the tradeoffs between the spatial and angular resolutions . it obtains using only one lens , a compressed version of the regular multi - lens system . the acquisition system consists of a dedicated hardware followed by a decompression ←
→ automatic identification and data extraction from 2 - dimensional plots in digital documents ; most search engines index the textual content of documents in digital libraries . however , scholarly articles frequently report important findings in figures for visual impact and the contents of these figures are not indexed . these contents are often invaluable to the researcher in various fields , for the purposes of direct comparison with their own work . therefore , searching for figures and extracting figure data ←
→ discovering shared and individual latent structure in multiple time series ; this paper proposes a nonparametric bayesian method for exploratory data analysis and feature construction in continuous time series . our method focuses on understanding shared features in a set of time series that exhibit significant individual variability . our method builds on the framework of latent diricihlet allocation ( lda ) and its extension to hierarchical dirichlet processes , which allows us to characterize each series as ←
→ assigning satisfaction values to constraints : an algorithm to solve dynamic meta - constraints ; the model of dynamic meta - constraints has special activity constraints which can activate other constraints . it also has meta - constraints which range over other constraints . an algorithm is presented in which constraints can be assigned one of five different satisfaction values , which leads to the assignment of domain values to the variables in the csp . an outline of the model and the algorithm is presented , fol ←
→ nonparametric link prediction in dynamic networks ; we propose a non - parametric link prediction algorithm for a sequence of graph snapshots over time . the model predicts links based on the features of its endpoints , as well as those of the local neighborhood around the endpoints . this allows for different types of neighborhoods in a graph , each with its own dynamics ( e . g , growing or shrinking communities ). we prove the consistency of our estimator , and give a fast implementation based on locality - sensitive ←
→ a novel clustering algorithm based on quantum random walk ; the enormous successes have been made by quantum algorithms during the last decade . in this paper , we combine the quantum random walk ( qrw ) with the problem of data clustering , and develop two clustering algorithms based on the one dimensional qrw . then , the probability distributions on the positions induced by qrw in these algorithms are investigated , which also indicates the possibility of obtaining better results . consequently , the experimental ←
→ variational information maximization for feature selection ; feature selection is one of the most fundamental problems in machine learning . an extensive body of work on information - theoretic feature selection exists which is based on maximizing mutual information between subsets of features and class labels . practical methods are forced to rely on approximations due to the difficulty of estimating mutual information . we demonstrate that approximations made by existing methods are based on unrealistic assump ←
→ online influence maximization under independent cascade model with semi - bandit feedback ; we study the stochastic online problem of learning to influence in a social network with semi - bandit feedback , where we observe how users influence each other . the problem combines challenges of limited feedback , because the learning agent only observes the influenced portion of the network , and combinatorial number of actions , because the cardinality of the feasible set is exponential in the maximum number of influe ←
→ the loss surfaces of multilayer networks ; we study the connection between the highly non - convex loss function of a simple model of the fully - connected feed - forward neural network and the hamiltonian of the spherical spin - glass model under the assumptions of : i ) variable independence , ii ) redundancy in network parametrization , and iii ) uniformity . these assumptions enable us to explain the complexity of the fully decoupled neural network through the prism of the results from random matrix theory . we show th ←
→ locally scale - invariant convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) have shown excellent results on many visual classification tasks . with the exception of imagenet , these datasets are carefully crafted such that objects are well - aligned at similar scales . naturally , the feature learning problem gets more challenging as the amount of variation in the data increases , as the models have to learn to be invariant to certain changes in appearance . recent results on the imagenet datas ←
→ evolutionary multitasking for single - objective continuous optimization : benchmark problems , performance metric , and baseline results ; in this report , we suggest nine test problems for multi - task single - objective optimization ( mtsoo ), each of which consists of two single - objective optimization tasks that need to be solved simultaneously . the relationship between tasks varies between different test problems , which would be helpful to have a comprehensive evaluation of the mfo algorithms . it is expected tha ←
→ complexity of prioritized default logics ; in default reasoning , usually not all possible ways of resolving conflicts between default rules are acceptable . criteria expressing acceptable ways of resolving the conflicts may be hardwired in the inference mechanism , for example specificity in inheritance reasoning can be handled this way , or they may be given abstractly as an ordering on the default rules . in this article we investigate formalizations of the latter approach in reiter ' s default logic . our goal ←
→ efficient learning strategy of chinese characters based on network approach ; based on network analysis of hierarchical structural relations among chinese characters , we develop an efficient learning strategy of chinese characters . we regard a more efficient learning method if one learns the same number of useful chinese characters in less effort or time . we construct a node - weighted network of chinese characters , where character usage frequencies are used as node weights . using this hierarchical node - wei ←
→ learned primal - dual reconstruction ; we propose the learned primal - dual algorithm for tomographic reconstruction . the algorithm accounts for a ( possibly non - linear ) forward operator in a deep neural network by unrolling a proximal primal - dual optimization method , but where the proximal operators have been replaced with convolutional neural networks . the algorithm is trained end - to - end , working directly from raw measured data and it does not depend on any initial reconstruction such as filtered back - projecti ←
→ learning how to learn : an adaptive dialogue agent for incrementally learning visually grounded word meanings ; we present an optimised multi - modal dialogue agent for interactive learning of visually grounded word meanings from a human tutor , trained on real human - human tutoring data . within a life - long interactive learning period , the agent , trained using reinforcement learning ( rl ), must be able to handle natural conversations with human users and achieve good learning performance ( accuracy ) while minimi ←
→ failure detection for facial landmark detectors ; most face applications depend heavily on the accuracy of the face and facial landmarks detectors employed . prediction of attributes such as gender , age , and identity usually completely fail when the faces are badly aligned due to inaccurate facial landmark detection . despite the impressive recent advances in face and facial landmark detection , little study is on the recovery from and detection of failures or inaccurate predictions . in this work we study two ←
→ video based reconstruction of 3d people models ; this paper describes how to obtain accurate 3d body models and texture of arbitrary people from a single , monocular video in which a person is moving . based on a parametric body model , we present a robust processing pipeline achieving 3d model fits with 5mm accuracy also for clothed people . our main contribution is a method to nonrigidly deform the silhouette cones corresponding to the dynamic human silhouettes , resulting in a visual hull in a common referenc ←
→ tabmcq : a dataset of general knowledge tables and multiple - choice questions ; we describe two new related resources that facilitate modelling of general knowledge reasoning in 4th grade science exams . the first is a collection of curated facts in the form of tables , and the second is a large set of crowd - sourced multiple - choice questions covering the facts in the tables . through the setup of the crowd - sourced annotation task we obtain implicit alignment information between questions and tables . we envisag ←
→ flow of activity in the ouroboros model ; the ouroboros model is a new conceptual proposal for an algorithmic structure for efficient data processing in living beings as well as for artificial agents . its central feature is a general repetitive loop where one iteration cycle sets the stage for the next . sensory input activates data structures ( schemata ) with similar constituents encountered before , thus expectations are kindled . this corresponds to the highlighting of empty slots in the selected schema , and ←
→ enhancing ica performance by exploiting sparsity : application to fmri analysis ; independent component analysis ( ica ) is a powerful method for blind source separation based on the assumption that sources are statistically independent . though ica has proven useful and has been employed in many applications , complete statistical independence can be too restrictive an assumption in practice . additionally , important prior information about the data , such as sparsity , is usually available . sparsity is a natura ←
→ mathematical model of interest matchmaking in electronic social networks ; the problem of matchmaking in electronic social networks is formulated as an optimization problem . in particular , a function measuring the matching degree of fields of interest of a search profile with those of an advertising profile is proposed .←
→ a high quality text - to - speech system composed of multiple neural networks ; while neural networks have been employed to handle several different text - to - speech tasks , ours is the first system to use neural networks throughout , for both linguistic and acoustic processing . we divide the text - to - speech task into three subtasks , a linguistic module mapping from text to a linguistic representation , an acoustic module mapping from the linguistic representation to speech , and a video module mapping from the ling ←
→ stochastic optimization for deep cca via nonlinear orthogonal iterations ; deep cca is a recently proposed deep neural network extension to the traditional canonical correlation analysis ( cca ), and has been successful for multi - view representation learning in several domains . however , stochastic optimization of the deep cca objective is not straightforward , because it does not decouple over training examples . previous optimizers for deep cca are either batch - based algorithms or stochastic optimization using ←
→ extended active learning method ; active learning method ( alm ) is a soft computing method which is used for modeling and control , based on fuzzy logic . although alm has shown that it acts well in dynamic environments , its operators cannot support it very well in complex situations due to losing data . thus alm can find better membership functions if more appropriate operators be chosen for it . this paper substituted two new operators instead of alm original ones ; which consequently renewed finding membership ←
→ emofit : affect monitoring system for sedentary jobs ; emotional and physical well - being at workplace is important for a positive work environment and higher productivity . jobs such as software programming lead to a sedentary lifestyle and require high interaction with computers . working at the same job for years can cause a feeling of intellectual stagnation and lack of drive . many employees experience lack of motivation , mild to extreme depression due to reasons such as aversion towards job responsibilitie ←
→ creating scalable and interactive web applications using high performance latent variable models ; in this project we outline a modularized , scalable system for comparing amazon products in an interactive and informative way using efficient latent variable models and dynamic visualization . we demonstrate how our system can build on the structure and rich review information of amazon products in order to provide a fast , multifaceted , and intuitive comparison . by providing a condensed per - topic comparison v ←
→ multi - view data generation without view supervision ; the development of high - dimensional generative models has recently gained a great surge of interest with the introduction of variational auto - encoders and generative adversarial neural networks . different variants have been proposed where the underlying latent space is structured , for example , based on attributes describing the data to generate . we focus on a particular problem where one aims at generating samples corresponding to a number of objects und ←
→ efficient learning with partially observed attributes ; we describe and analyze efficient algorithms for learning a linear predictor from examples when the learner can only view a few attributes of each training example . this is the case , for instance , in medical research , where each patient participating in the experiment is only willing to go through a small number of tests . our analysis bounds the number of additional examples sufficient to compensate for the lack of full information on each training exa ←
→ modelling serendipity in a computational context ; building on a survey of previous theories of serendipity and creativity , we advance a sequential model of serendipitous occurrences . we distinguish between serendipity as a service and serendipity in the system itself , clarify the role of invention and discovery , and provide a measure for the serendipity potential of a system . while a system can arguably not be guaranteed to be serendipitous , it can have a high potential for serendipity . practitioners can u ←
→ multibiometric : feature level fusion using fkp multi - instance biometric ; this paper proposed the use of multi - instance feature level fusion as a means to improve the performance of finger knuckle print ( fkp ) verification . a log - gabor filter has been used to extract the image local orientation information , and represent the fkp features . experiments are performed using the fkp database , which consists of 7 , 920 images . results indicate that the multi - instance verification approach outperforms higher performa ←
→ from logical to distributional models ; the paper relates two variants of semantic models for natural language , logical functional models and compositional distributional vector space models , by transferring the logic and reasoning from the logical to the distributional models . the geometrical operations of quantum logic are reformulated as algebraic operations on vectors . a map from functional models to vector space models makes it possible to compare the meaning of sentences word by word .←
→ dropping convexity for more efficient and scalable online multiview learning ; multiview representation learning is very popular for latent factor analysis . it naturally arises in many data analysis , machine learning , and information retrieval applications to model dependent structures among multiple data sources . for computational convenience , existing approaches usually formulate the multiview representation learning as convex optimization problems , where global optima can be obtained by certain algorit ←
→ semantic video trailers ; query - based video summarization is the task of creating a brief visual trailer , which captures the parts of the video ( or a collection of videos ) that are most relevant to the user - issued query . in this paper , we propose an unsupervised label propagation approach for this task . our approach effectively captures the multimodal semantics of queries and videos using state - of - the - art deep neural networks and creates a summary that is both semantically coherent and visually attractive . ←
→ analyzing language development from a network approach ; in this paper we propose some new measures of language development using network analyses , which is inspired by the recent surge of interests in network studies of many real - world systems . children ' s and care - takers ' speech data from a longitudinal study are represented as a series of networks , word forms being taken as nodes and collocation of words as links . measures on the properties of the networks , such as size , connectivity , hub and authority an ←
→ encoding prior knowledge with eigenword embeddings ; canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) is a method for reducing the dimension of data represented using two views . it has been previously used to derive word embeddings , where one view indicates a word , and the other view indicates its context . we describe a way to incorporate prior knowledge into cca , give a theoretical justification for it , and test it by deriving word embeddings and evaluating them on a myriad of datasets .←
→ multiple source domain adaptation with adversarial training of neural networks ; while domain adaptation has been actively researched in recent years , most theoretical results and algorithms focus on the single - source - single - target adaptation setting . naive application of such algorithms on multiple source domain adaptation problem may lead to suboptimal solutions . as a step toward bridging the gap , we propose a new generalization bound for domain adaptation when there are multiple source domains with lab ←
→ jointly attentive spatial - temporal pooling networks for video - based person re - identification ; person re - identification ( person re - id ) is a crucial task as its applications in visual surveillance and human - computer interaction . in this work , we present a novel joint spatial and temporal attention pooling network ( astpn ) for video - based person re - identification , which enables the feature extractor to be aware of the current input video sequences , in a way that interdependency from the matching items can di ←
→ nonnegative parafac2 : a flexible coupling approach ; modeling variability in tensor decomposition methods is one of the challenges of source separation . one possible solution to account for variations from one data set to another , jointly analysed , is to resort to the parafac2 model . however , so far imposing constraints on the mode with variability has not been possible . in the following manuscript , a relaxation of the parafac2 model is introduced , that allows for imposing nonnegativity constraints on the v ←
→ automatic training data synthesis for handwriting recognition using the structural crossing - over technique ; the paper presents a novel technique called " structural crossing - over " to synthesize qualified data for training machine learning - based handwriting recognition . the proposed technique can provide a greater variety of patterns of training data than the existing approaches such as elastic distortion and tangent - based affine transformation . a couple of training characters are chosen , then they are ana ←
→ reasoning in vector space : an exploratory study of question answering ; question answering tasks have shown remarkable progress with distributed vector representation . in this paper , we investigate the recently proposed facebook babi tasks which consist of twenty different categories of questions that require complex reasoning . because the previous work on babi are all end - to - end models , errors could come from either an imperfect understanding of semantics or in certain steps of the reasoning . for clearer a ←
→ image classification using local tensor singular value decompositions ; from linear classifiers to neural networks , image classification has been a widely explored topic in mathematics , and many algorithms have proven to be effective classifiers . however , the most accurate classifiers typically have significantly high storage costs , or require complicated procedures that may be computationally expensive . we present a novel ( nonlinear ) classification approach using truncation of local tensor singular value d ←
→ ui - net : interactive artificial neural networks for iterative image segmentation based on a user model ; for complex segmentation tasks , fully automatic systems are inherently limited in their achievable accuracy for extracting relevant objects . especially in cases where only few data sets need to be processed for a highly accurate result , semi - automatic segmentation techniques exhibit a clear benefit for the user . one area of application is medical image processing during an intervention for a single pati ←
→ identifying spatial relations in images using convolutional neural networks ; traditional approaches to building a large scale knowledge graph have usually relied on extracting information ( entities , their properties , and relations between them ) from unstructured text ( e . g . dbpedia ). recent advances in convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) allow us to shift our focus to learning entities and relations from images , as they build robust models that require little or no pre - processing of the images . in this pa ←
→ diversity handling in evolutionary landscape ; the search ability of an evolutionary algorithm ( ea ) depends on the variation among the individuals in the population . maintaining an optimal level of diversity in the ea population is imperative to ensure that progress of the ea search is unhindered by premature convergence to suboptimal solutions . clearer understanding of the concept of population diversity , in the context of evolutionary search and premature convergence in particular , is the key to designing ←
→ applying machine learning techniques to improve user acceptance on ubiquitous environement ; ubiquitous information access becomes more and more important nowadays and research is aimed at making it adapted to users . our work consists in applying machine learning techniques in order to adapt the information access provided by ubiquitous systems to users when the system only knows the user social group , without knowing anything about the user interest . the adaptation procedures associate actions to perceiv ←
→ wrpn : wide reduced - precision networks ; for computer vision applications , prior works have shown the efficacy of reducing numeric precision of model parameters ( network weights ) in deep neural networks . activation maps , however , occupy a large memory footprint during both the training and inference step when using mini - batches of inputs . one way to reduce this large memory footprint is to reduce the precision of activations . however , past works have shown that reducing the precision of activations hurts mod ←
→ ap17 - olr challenge : data , plan , and baseline ; we present the data profile and the evaluation plan of the second oriental language recognition ( olr ) challenge ap17 - olr . compared to the event last year ( ap16 - olr ), the new challenge involves more languages and focuses more on short utterances . the data is offered by speechocean and the nsfc m2asr project . two types of baselines are constructed to assist the participants , one is based on the i - vector model and the other is based on various neural networks . we ←
→ p - markov gaussian processes for scalable and expressive online bayesian nonparametric time series forecasting ; in this paper we introduce a novel online time series forecasting model we refer to as the pm - gp filter . we show that our model is equivalent to gaussian process regression , with the advantage that both online forecasting and online learning of the hyper - parameters have a constant ( rather than cubic ) time complexity and a constant ( rather than squared ) memory requirement in the number of observa ←
→ insensitive stochastic gradient twin support vector machine for large scale problems ; stochastic gradient descent algorithm has been successfully applied on support vector machines ( called pegasos ) for many classification problems . in this paper , stochastic gradient descent algorithm is investigated to twin support vector machines for classification . compared with pegasos , the proposed stochastic gradient twin support vector machines ( sgtsvm ) is insensitive on stochastic sampling for stochastic gradient ←
→ an analysis of active learning with uniform feature noise ; in active learning , the user sequentially chooses values for feature $ x $ and an oracle returns the corresponding label $ y $. in this paper , we consider the effect of feature noise in active learning , which could arise either because $ x $ itself is being measured , or it is corrupted in transmission to the oracle , or the oracle returns the label of a noisy version of the query point . in statistics , feature noise is known as " errors in variables " and ha ←
→ design of a very compact cnn classifier for online handwritten chinese character recognition using dropweight and global pooling ; currently , owing to the ubiquity of mobile devices , online handwritten chinese character recognition ( hccr ) has become one of the suitable choice for feeding input to cell phones and tablet devices . over the past few years , larger and deeper convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have extensively been employed for improving character recognition performance . however , its substan ←
→ predictive networking and optimization for flow - based networks ; artificial neural networks ( anns ) were used to classify neural network flows by flow size . after training the neural network was able to predict the size of a flows with 87 % accuracy with a feed forward neural network . this demonstrates that flow based routers can prioritize candidate flows with a predicted large number of packets for priority insertion into hardware content - addressable memory .←
→ rare - allele detection using compressed se ( que ) nsing ; detection of rare variants by resequencing is important for the identification of individuals carrying disease variants . rapid sequencing by new technologies enables low - cost resequencing of target regions , although it is still prohibitive to test more than a few individuals . in order to improve cost trade - offs , it has recently been suggested to apply pooling designs which enable the detection of carriers of rare alleles in groups of individuals . however ←
→$ qd $- learning : a collaborative distributed strategy for multi - agent reinforcement learning through consensus + innovations ; the paper considers a class of multi - agent markov decision processes ( mdps ), in which the network agents respond differently ( as manifested by the instantaneous one - stage random costs ) to a global controlled state and the control actions of a remote controller . the paper investigates a distributed reinforcement learning setup with no prior information on the global state transition ←
→ fwlbp : a scale invariant descriptor for texture classification ; in this paper we propose a novel texture recognition feature called fractal weighted local binary pattern ( fwlbp ). it has been observed that fractal dimension ( fd ) measure is relatively invariant to scale - changes , and presents a good correlation with human perception of surface roughness . we have utilized this property to construct a scale - invariant descriptor . we have sampled the input image using an augmented form of the local binary pattern ←
→ holistic , instance - level human parsing ; object parsing -- the task of decomposing an object into its semantic parts -- has traditionally been formulated as a category - level segmentation problem . consequently , when there are multiple objects in an image , current methods cannot count the number of objects in the scene , nor can they determine which part belongs to which object . we address this problem by segmenting the parts of objects at an instance - level , such that each pixel in the image is assigned a part ←
→ a tensor approach to learning mixed membership community models ; community detection is the task of detecting hidden communities from observed interactions . guaranteed community detection has so far been mostly limited to models with non - overlapping communities such as the stochastic block model . in this paper , we remove this restriction , and provide guaranteed community detection for a family of probabilistic network models with overlapping communities , termed as the mixed membership dirichlet model , firs ←
→ adapting predominant and novel sense discovery algorithms for identifying corpus - specific sense differences ; word senses are not static and may have temporal , spatial or corpus - specific scopes . identifying such scopes might benefit the existing wsd systems largely . in this paper , while studying corpus specific word senses , we adapt three existing predominant and novel - sense discovery algorithms to identify these corpus - specific senses . we make use of text data available in the form of millions of digitiz ←
→ very strict selectional restrictions ; we discuss the characteristics and behaviour of two parallel classes of verbs in two romance languages , french and portuguese . examples of these verbs are port . abater [ gado ] and fr . abattre [ b \' etail ], both meaning " slaughter [ cattle ]". in both languages , the definition of the class of verbs includes several features : - they have only one essential complement , which is a direct object . - the nominal distribution of the complement is very limited , i . e ., few nouns can b ←
→ learning multi - level deep representations for image emotion classification ; in this paper , we propose a new deep network that learns multi - level deep representations for image emotion classification ( mldrnet ). image emotion can be recognized through image semantics , image aesthetics and low - level visual features from both global and local views . existing image emotion classification works using hand - crafted features or deep features mainly focus on either low - level visual features or semantic - level image ←
→ aid : a benchmark dataset for performance evaluation of aerial scene classification ; aerial scene classification , which aims to automatically label an aerial image with a specific semantic category , is a fundamental problem for understanding high - resolution remote sensing imagery . in recent years , it has become an active task in remote sensing area and numerous algorithms have been proposed for this task , including many machine learning and data - driven approaches . however , the existing datasets for aerial ←
→ a graph - based semi - supervised k nearest - neighbor method for nonlinear manifold distributed data classification ; $ k $ nearest neighbors ($ k $ nn ) is one of the most widely used supervised learning algorithms to classify gaussian distributed data , but it does not achieve good results when it is applied to nonlinear manifold distributed data , especially when a very limited amount of labeled samples are available . in this paper , we propose a new graph - based $ k $ nn algorithm which can effectively handle both gaus ←
→ a mathematical theory of learning ; in this paper , a mathematical theory of learning is proposed that has many parallels with information theory . we consider vapnik ' s general setting of learning in which the learning process is defined to be the act of selecting a hypothesis in response to a given training set . such hypothesis can , for example , be a decision boundary in classification , a set of centroids in clustering , or a set of frequent item - sets in association rule mining . depending on the hypothesis sp ←
→ enhancing automated decision support across medical and oral health domains with semantic web technologies ; research has shown that the general health and oral health of an individual are closely related . accordingly , current practice of isolating the information base of medical and oral health domains can be dangerous and detrimental to the health of the individual . however , technical issues such as heterogeneous data collection and storage formats , limited sharing of patient information and lack of dec ←
→ symmetries of symmetry breaking constraints ; symmetry is an important feature of many constraint programs . we show that any problem symmetry acting on a set of symmetry breaking constraints can be used to break symmetry . different symmetries pick out different solutions in each symmetry class . this simple but powerful idea can be used in a number of different ways . we describe one application within model restarts , a search technique designed to reduce the conflict between symmetry breaking and the branchi ←
→ contextual bandit learning with predictable rewards ; contextual bandit learning is a reinforcement learning problem where the learner repeatedly receives a set of features ( context ), takes an action and receives a reward based on the action and context . we consider this problem under a realizability assumption : there exists a function in a ( known ) function class , always capable of predicting the expected reward , given the action and context . under this assumption , we show three things . we present a new alg ←
→ becoming more robust to label noise with classifier diversity ; it is widely known in the machine learning community that class noise can be ( and often is ) detrimental to inducing a model of the data . many current approaches use a single , often biased , measurement to determine if an instance is noisy . a biased measure may work well on certain data sets , but it can also be less effective on a broader set of data sets . in this paper , we present noise identification using classifier diversity ( nicd ) -- a metho ←
→ co - attending free - form regions and detections with multi - modal multiplicative feature embedding for visual question answering ; recently , the visual question answering ( vqa ) task has gained increasing attention in artificial intelligence . existing vqa methods mainly adopt the visual attention mechanism to associate the input question with corresponding image regions for effective question answering . the free - form region based and the detection - based visual attention mechanisms are mostly investigated , wit ←
→ the cyborg astrobiologist : testing a novelty - detection algorithm on two mobile exploration systems at rivas vaciamadrid in spain and at the mars desert research station in utah ; ( abridged ) in previous work , two platforms have been developed for testing computer - vision algorithms for robotic planetary exploration ( mcguire et al . 2004b , 2005 ; bartolo et al . 2007 ). the wearable - computer platform has been tested at geological and astrobiological field sites in spain ( rivas vaciamadrid and riba de santiuste )←
→ sublinear optimization for machine learning ; we give sublinear - time approximation algorithms for some optimization problems arising in machine learning , such as training linear classifiers and finding minimum enclosing balls . our algorithms can be extended to some kernelized versions of these problems , such as svdd , hard margin svm , and l2 - svm , for which sublinear - time algorithms were not known before . these new algorithms use a combination of a novel sampling techniques and a new multiplicative update alg ←
→ massively - parallel feature selection for big data ; we present the parallel , forward - backward with pruning ( pfbp ) algorithm for feature selection ( fs ) in big data settings ( high dimensionality and / or sample size ). to tackle the challenges of big data fs pfbp partitions the data matrix both in terms of rows ( samples , training examples ) as well as columns ( features ). by employing the concepts of $ p $- values of conditional independence tests and meta - analysis techniques pfbp manages to rely only on computations ←
→ minimizing maximum regret in commitment constrained sequential decision making ; in cooperative multiagent planning , it can often be beneficial for an agent to make commitments about aspects of its behavior to others , allowing them in turn to plan their own behaviors without taking the agent ' s detailed behavior into account . extending previous work in the bayesian setting , we consider instead a worst - case setting in which the agent has a set of possible environments ( mdps ) it could be in , and develop a co ←
→ learning to discover cross - domain relations with generative adversarial networks ; while humans easily recognize relations between data from different domains without any supervision , learning to automatically discover them is in general very challenging and needs many ground - truth pairs that illustrate the relations . to avoid costly pairing , we address the task of discovering cross - domain relations given unpaired data . we propose a method based on generative adversarial networks that learns to discover r ←
→ learning the distribution with largest mean : two bandit frameworks ; over the past few years , the multi - armed bandit model has become increasingly popular in the machine learning community , partly because of applications including online content optimization . this paper reviews two different sequential learning tasks that have been considered in the bandit literature ; they can be formulated as ( sequentially ) learning which distribution has the highest mean among a set of distributions , with some constraint ←
→ group iterative spectrum thresholding for super - resolution sparse spectral selection ; recently , sparsity - based algorithms are proposed for super - resolution spectrum estimation . however , to achieve adequately high resolution in real - world signal analysis , the dictionary atoms have to be close to each other in frequency , thereby resulting in a coherent design . the popular convex compressed sensing methods break down in presence of high coherence and large noise . we propose a new regularization approach to ←
→ indexability , concentration , and vc theory ; degrading performance of indexing schemes for exact similarity search in high dimensions has long since been linked to histograms of distributions of distances and other 1 - lipschitz functions getting concentrated . we discuss this observation in the framework of the phenomenon of concentration of measure on the structures of high dimension and the vapnik - chervonenkis theory of statistical learning .←
→ continuity in information algebras ; in this paper , the continuity and strong continuity in domain - free information algebras and labeled information algebras are introduced respectively . a more general concept of continuous function which is defined between two domain - free continuous information algebras is presented . it is shown that , with the operations combination and focusing , the set of all continuous functions between two domain - free s - continuous information algebras forms a new s - continuous informati ←
→ gap safe screening rules for sparsity enforcing penalties ; in high dimensional regression settings , sparsity enforcing penalties have proved useful to regularize the data - fitting term . a recently introduced technique called screening rules propose to ignore some variables in the optimization leveraging the expected sparsity of the solutions and consequently leading to faster solvers . when the procedure is guaranteed not to discard variables wrongly the rules are said to be safe . in this work , we propose a ←
→ remote health coaching system and human motion data analysis for physical therapy with microsoft kinect ; this paper summarizes the recent progress we have made for the computer vision technologies in physical therapy with the accessible and affordable devices . we first introduce the remote health coaching system we build with microsoft kinect . since the motion data captured by kinect is noisy , we investigate the data accuracy of kinect with respect to the high accuracy motion capture system . we also prop ←
→ decidable reasoning in terminological knowledge representation systems ; terminological knowledge representation systems ( tkrss ) are tools for designing and using knowledge bases that make use of terminological languages ( or concept languages ). we analyze from a theoretical point of view a tkrs whose capabilities go beyond the ones of presently available tkrss . the new features studied , often required in practical applications , can be summarized in three main points . first , we consider a highly expressive t ←
→ the maximum entropy relaxation path ; the relaxed maximum entropy problem is concerned with finding a probability distribution on a finite set that minimizes the relative entropy to a given prior distribution , while satisfying relaxed max - norm constraints with respect to a third observed multinomial distribution . we study the entire relaxation path for this problem in detail . we show existence and a geometric description of the relaxation path . specifically , we show that the maximum entropy relaxation path ←
→ video salient object detection using spatiotemporal deep features ; this paper presents a method for detecting salient objects in videos where temporal information in addition to spatial information is fully taken into account . following recent reports on the advantage of deep features over conventional hand - crafted features , we propose the spatiotemporal deep ( std ) feature that utilizes local and global contexts over frames . we also propose the spatiotemporal conditional random field ( stcrf ) to compute sal ←
→ 3d - ssd : learning hierarchical features from rgb - d images for amodal 3d object detection ; this paper aims at developing a faster and a more accurate solution to the amodal 3d object detection problem for indoor scenes . it is achieved through a novel neural network that takes a pair of rgb - d images as the input and delivers oriented 3d bounding boxes as the output . the network , named 3d - ssd , composed of two parts : hierarchical feature fusion and multi - layer prediction . the hierarchical feature fusion combi ←
→ comparison of the deep - learning - based automated segmentation methods for the head sectioned images of the virtual korean human project ; this paper presents an end - to - end pixelwise fully automated segmentation of the head sectioned images of the visible korean human ( vkh ) project based on deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ). by converting classification networks into fully convolutional networks ( fcns ), a coarse prediction map , with smaller size than the original input image , can be created for seg ←
→ transfer learning , soft distance - based bias , and the hierarchical boa ; an automated technique has recently been proposed to transfer learning in the hierarchical bayesian optimization algorithm ( hboa ) based on distance - based statistics . the technique enables practitioners to improve hboa efficiency by collecting statistics from probabilistic models obtained in previous hboa runs and using the obtained statistics to bias future hboa runs on similar problems . the purpose of this paper is threefold : ( 1 ) test ←
→ distributed deep reinforcement learning : learn how to play atari games in 21 minutes ; we present a study in distributed deep reinforcement learning ( ddrl ) focused on scalability of a state - of - the - art deep reinforcement learning algorithm known as batch asynchronous advantage actorcritic ( ba3c ). we show that using the adam optimization algorithm with a batch size of up to 2048 is a viable choice for carrying out large scale machine learning computations . this , combined with careful reexamination of the op ←
→ debbie , the debate bot of the future ; chatbots are a rapidly expanding application of dialogue systems with companies switching to bot services for customer support , and new applications for users interested in casual conversation . one style of casual conversation is argument , many people love nothing more than a good argument . moreover , there are a number of existing corpora of argumentative dialogues , annotated for agreement and disagreement , stance , sarcasm and argument quality . this paper introduces de ←
→ causal graph - based video segmentation ; numerous approaches in image processing and computer vision are making use of super - pixels as a pre - processing step . among the different methods producing such over - segmentation of an image , the graph - based approach of felzenszwalb and huttenlocher is broadly employed . one of its interesting properties is that the regions are computed in a greedy manner in quasi - linear time . the algorithm may be trivially extended to video segmentation by considering a video as a 3d v ←
→ hole filling with multiple reference views in dibr view synthesis ; depth - image - based rendering ( dibr ) oriented view synthesis has been widely employed in the current depth - based 3d video systems by synthesizing a virtual view from an arbitrary viewpoint . however , holes may appear in the synthesized view due to disocclusion , thus significantly degrading the quality . consequently , efforts have been made on developing effective and efficient hole filling algorithms . current hole filling techniques generally e ←
→ training linear ranking svms in linearithmic time using red - black trees ; we introduce an efficient method for training the linear ranking support vector machine . the method combines cutting plane optimization with red - black tree based approach to subgradient calculations , and has o ( m * s + m * log ( m )) time complexity , where m is the number of training examples , and s the average number of non - zero features per example . best previously known training algorithms achieve the same efficiency only for restricted spec ←
→ a gaussian particle filter approach for sensors to track multiple moving targets ; in a variety of problems , the number and state of multiple moving targets are unknown and are subject to be inferred from their measurements obtained by a sensor with limited sensing ability . this type of problems is raised in a variety of applications , including monitoring of endangered species , cleaning , and surveillance . particle filters are widely used to estimate target state from its prior information and its measurem ←
→ fast camera focus estimation for gaze - based focus control ; many cameras implement auto - focus functionality . however , they typically require the user to manually identify the location to be focused on . while such an approach works for temporally - sparse autofocusing functionality ( e . g ., photo shooting ), it presents extreme usability problems when the focus must be quickly switched between multiple areas ( and depths ) of interest - e . g ., in a gaze - based autofocus approach . this work introduces a novel , real - ti ←
→ optimization for large - scale machine learning with distributed features and observations ; as the size of modern data sets exceeds the disk and memory capacities of a single computer , machine learning practitioners have resorted to parallel and distributed computing . given that optimization is one of the pillars of machine learning and predictive modeling , distributed optimization methods have recently garnered ample attention in the literature . although previous research has mostly focused on settings wh ←
→ automatic unsupervised tensor mining with quality assessment ; a popular tool for unsupervised modelling and mining multi - aspect data is tensor decomposition . in an exploratory setting , where and no labels or ground truth are available how can we automatically decide how many components to extract ? how can we assess the quality of our results , so that a domain expert can factor this quality measure in the interpretation of our results ? in this paper , we introduce autoten , a novel automatic unsupervised tens ←
→ context - aware semantic inpainting ; recently image inpainting has witnessed rapid progress due to generative adversarial networks ( gan ) that are able to synthesize realistic contents . however , most existing gan - based methods for semantic inpainting apply an auto - encoder architecture with a fully connected layer , which cannot accurately maintain spatial information . in addition , the discriminator in existing gans struggle to understand high - level semantics within the image context and yield semantically cons ←
→ converting your thoughts to texts : enabling brain typing via deep feature learning of eeg signals ; an electroencephalography ( eeg ) based brain computer interface ( bci ) enables people to communicate with the outside world by interpreting the eeg signals of their brains to interact with devices such as wheelchairs and intelligent robots . more specifically , motor imagery eeg ( mi - eeg ), which reflects a subjects active intent , is attracting increasing attention for a variety of bci applications . accurate clas ←
→ visual causal feature learning ; we provide a rigorous definition of the visual cause of a behavior that is broadly applicable to the visually driven behavior in humans , animals , neurons , robots and other perceiving systems . our framework generalizes standard accounts of causal learning to settings in which the causal variables need to be constructed from micro - variables . we prove the causal coarsening theorem , which allows us to gain causal knowledge from observational data with minimal experimental effort ←
→ numerical demultiplexing of color image sensor measurements via non - linear random forest modeling ; the simultaneous capture of imaging data at multiple wavelengths across the electromagnetic spectrum is highly challenging , requiring complex and costly multispectral image sensors . in this study , we introduce a comprehensive framework for performing simultaneous multispectral imaging using conventional image sensors with color filter arrays via numerical demultiplexing of the color image sensor measurement ←
→ scalable domain adaptation of convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) tend to become a standard approach to solve a wide array of computer vision problems . besides important theoretical and practical advances in their design , their success is built on the existence of manually labeled visual resources , such as imagenet . the creation of such datasets is cumbersome and here we focus on alternatives to manual labeling . we hypothesize that new resources are of uttermost importance i ←
→ embarrassingly parallel variational inference in nonconjugate models ; we develop a parallel variational inference ( vi ) procedure for use in data - distributed settings , where each machine only has access to a subset of data and runs vi independently , without communicating with other machines . this type of " embarrassingly parallel " procedure has recently been developed for mcmc inference algorithms ; however , in many cases it is not possible to directly extend this procedure to vi methods without requiring cer ←
→ a new approach to an old problem : the reconstruction of a go game through a series of photographs ; given a series of photographs taken during a go game , we describe the techniques we successfully employ for pinpointing the grid lines of the go board and for tracking their small movements between consecutive photographs ; then we discuss how to approximate the location and orientation of the observer ' s point of view , in order to compensate for projection effects . finally we describe the different criteria ←
→ tracking of enriched dialog states for flexible conversational information access ; dialog state tracking ( dst ) is a crucial component in a task - oriented dialog system for conversational information access . a common practice in current dialog systems is to define the dialog state by a set of slot - value pairs . such representation of dialog states and the slot - filling based dst have been widely employed , but suffer from three drawbacks . ( 1 ) the dialog state can contain only a single value for a slot , and ( 2 ←
→ egocap : egocentric marker - less motion capture with two fisheye cameras ( extended abstract ) ; marker - based and marker - less optical skeletal motion - capture methods use an outside - in arrangement of cameras placed around a scene , with viewpoints converging on the center . they often create discomfort by possibly needed marker suits , and their recording volume is severely restricted and often constrained to indoor scenes with controlled backgrounds . we therefore propose a new method for real - time , marker - less a ←
→ constant step size least - mean - square : bias - variance trade - offs and optimal sampling distributions ; we consider the least - squares regression problem and provide a detailed asymptotic analysis of the performance of averaged constant - step - size stochastic gradient descent ( a . k . a . least - mean - squares ). in the strongly - convex case , we provide an asymptotic expansion up to explicit exponentially decaying terms . our analysis leads to new insights into stochastic approximation algorithms : ( a ) it gives a tighter bo ←
→ de - identification of patient notes with recurrent neural networks ; objective : patient notes in electronic health records ( ehrs ) may contain critical information for medical investigations . however , the vast majority of medical investigators can only access de - identified notes , in order to protect the confidentiality of patients . in the united states , the health insurance portability and accountability act ( hipaa ) defines 18 types of protected health information ( phi ) that needs to be removed to de - identify ←
→ an online boosting algorithm with theoretical justifications ; we study the task of online boosting -- combining online weak learners into an online strong learner . while batch boosting has a sound theoretical foundation , online boosting deserves more study from the theoretical perspective . in this paper , we carefully compare the differences between online and batch boosting , and propose a novel and reasonable assumption for the online weak learner . based on the assumption , we design an online boosting algori ←
→ robust outlier detection technique in data mining : a univariate approach ; outliers are the points which are different from or inconsistent with the rest of the data . they can be novel , new , abnormal , unusual or noisy information . outliers are sometimes more interesting than the majority of the data . the main challenges of outlier detection with the increasing complexity , size and variety of datasets , are how to catch similar outliers as a group , and how to evaluate the outliers . this paper describes an app ←
→ ridi : robust imu double integration ; this paper proposes a novel data - driven approach for inertial navigation , which learns to estimate trajectories of natural human motions just from an inertial measurement unit ( imu ) in every smartphone . the key observation is that human motions are repetitive and consist of a few major modes ( e . g ., standing , walking , or turning ). our algorithm regresses a velocity vector from the history of linear accelerations and angular velocities , then corrects low - frequency bias in ←
→ automated classification of l / r hand movement eeg signals using advanced feature extraction and machine learning ; in this paper , we propose an automated computer platform for the purpose of classifying electroencephalography ( eeg ) signals associated with left and right hand movements using a hybrid system that uses advanced feature extraction techniques and machine learning algorithms . it is known that eeg represents the brain activity by the electrical voltage fluctuations along the scalp , and brain - com ←
→ learning under concept drift : an overview ; concept drift refers to a non stationary learning problem over time . the training and the application data often mismatch in real life problems . in this report we present a context of concept drift problem 1 . we focus on the issues relevant to adaptive training set formation . we present the framework and terminology , and formulate a global picture of concept drift learners design . we start with formalizing the framework for the concept drifting data in section 1 . ←
→ a complete and recursive feature theory ; various feature descriptions are being employed in logic programming languages and constrained - based grammar formalisms . the common notational primitive of these descriptions are functional attributes called features . the descriptions considered in this paper are the possibly quantified first - order formulae obtained from a signature of binary and unary predicates called features and sorts , respectively . we establish a first - order theory ft by means of three axiom sc ←
→ inverse risk - sensitive reinforcement learning ; we address the problem of inverse reinforcement learning in markov decision processes where the agent is risk - sensitive . in particular , we model risk - sensitivity in a reinforcement learning framework by making use of models of human decision - making having their origins in behavioral psychology , behavioral economics , and neuroscience . we propose a gradient - based inverse reinforcement learning algorithm that minimizes a loss function defined on the observed beha ←
→ coordinating metaheuristic agents with swarm intelligence ; coordination of multi agent systems remains as a problem since there is no prominent method to completely solve this problem . metaheuristic agents are specific implementations of multi - agent systems , which imposes working together to solve optimisation problems with metaheuristic algorithms . the idea borrowed from swarm intelligence seems working much better than those implementations suggested before . this paper reports the performance of swarms o ←
→ active deformable part models ; this paper presents an active approach for part - based object detection , which optimizes the order of part filter evaluations and the time at which to stop and make a prediction . statistics , describing the part responses , are learned from training data and are used to formalize the part scheduling problem as an offline optimization . dynamic programming is applied to obtain a policy , which balances the number of part evaluations with the classification accuracy . during inferenc ←
→ hierarchical sparse and collaborative low - rank representation for emotion recognition ; in this paper , we design a collaborative - hierarchical sparse and low - rank ( c - hislr ) model that is natural for recognizing human emotion in visual data . previous attempts require explicit expression components , which are often unavailable and difficult to recover . instead , our model exploits the lowrank property over expressive facial frames and rescue inexact sparse representations by incorporating group sparsity . for ←
→ a causal bayesian model for the diagnosis of appendicitis ; the causal bayesian approach is based on the assumption that effects ( e . g ., symptoms ) that are not conditionally independent with respect to some causal agent ( e . g ., a disease ) are conditionally independent with respect to some intermediate state caused by the agent , ( e . g ., a pathological condition ). this paper describes the development of a causal bayesian model for the diagnosis of appendicitis . the paper begins with a description of the standard ←
→ learning in quantum control : high - dimensional global optimization for noisy quantum dynamics ; quantum control is valuable for various quantum technologies such as high - fidelity gates for universal quantum computing , adaptive quantum - enhanced metrology , and ultra - cold atom manipulation . although supervised machine learning and reinforcement learning are widely used for optimizing control parameters in classical systems , quantum control for parameter optimization is mainly pursued via gradient - based greedy ←
→ structured dictionary learning for classification ; sparsity driven signal processing has gained tremendous popularity in the last decade . at its core , the assumption is that the signal of interest is sparse with respect to either a fixed transformation or a signal dependent dictionary . to better capture the data characteristics , various dictionary learning methods have been proposed for both reconstruction and classification tasks . for classification particularly , most approaches proposed so far have focus ←
→ toward selectivity based keyword extraction for croatian news ; preliminary report on network based keyword extraction for croatian is an unsupervised method for keyword extraction from the complex network . we build our approach with a new network measure the node selectivity , motivated by the research of the graph based centrality approaches . the node selectivity is defined as the average weight distribution on the links of the single node . we extract nodes ( keyword candidates ) based on the selectivity val ←
→ graphical condition for identification in recursive sem ; the paper concerns the problem of predicting the effect of actions or interventions on a system from a combination of ( i ) statistical data on a set of observed variables , and ( ii ) qualitative causal knowledge encoded in the form of a directed acyclic graph ( dag ). the dag represents a set of linear equations called structural equations model ( sem ), whose coefficients are parameters representing direct causal effects . reliable quantitative conclusions ←
→ clustering categorical data via ensembling dissimilarity matrices ; we present a technique for clustering categorical data by generating many dissimilarity matrices and averaging over them . we begin by demonstrating our technique on low dimensional categorical data and comparing it to several other techniques that have been proposed . then we give conditions under which our method should yield good results in general . our method extends to high dimensional categorical data of equal lengths by ensembling over ←
→ fitness uniform selection to preserve genetic diversity ; in evolutionary algorithms , the fitness of a population increases with time by mutating and recombining individuals and by a biased selection of more fit individuals . the right selection pressure is critical in ensuring sufficient optimization progress on the one hand and in preserving genetic diversity to be able to escape from local optima on the other . we propose a new selection scheme , which is uniform in the fitness values . it generates selectio ←
→ contamination - free measures and algebraic operations ; an open concept of rough evolution and an axiomatic approach to granules was also developed recently by the present author . subsequently the concepts were used in the formal framework of rough y - systems ( rys ) for developing on granular correspondences by her . these have since been used for a new approach towards comparison of rough algebraic semantics across different semantic domains by way of correspondences that preserve rough evolution and try to av ←
→ an objective prior that unifies objective bayes and information - based inference ; there are three principle paradigms of statistical inference : ( i ) bayesian , ( ii ) information - based and ( iii ) frequentist inference . we describe an objective prior ( the weighting or $ w $- prior ) which unifies objective bayes and information - based inference . the $ w $- prior is chosen to make the marginal probability an unbiased estimator of the predictive performance of the model . this definition has several other natural interpre ←
→ co - multistage of multiple classifiers for imbalanced multiclass learning ; in this work , we propose two stochastic architectural models ( cmc and cmc - m ) with two layers of classifiers applicable to datasets with one and multiple skewed classes . this distinction becomes important when the datasets have a large number of classes . therefore , we present a novel solution to imbalanced multiclass learning with several skewed majority classes , which improves minority classes identification . this fact is particularl ←
→ a tractable pomdp for a class of sequencing problems ; we consider a partially observable markov decision problem ( pomdp ) that models a class of sequencing problems . although pomdps are typically intractable , our formulation admits tractable solution . instead of maintaining a value function over a high - dimensional set of belief states , we reduce the state space to one of smaller dimension , in which grid - based dynamic programming techniques are effective . we develop an error bound for the resulting approxima ←
→ computational aspects of the mobius transform ; in this paper we associate with every ( directed ) graph g a transformation called the mobius transformation of the graph g . the mobius transformation of the graph ( o ) is of major significance for dempster - shafer theory of evidence . however , because it is computationally very heavy , the mobius transformation together with dempster ' s rule of combination is a major obstacle to the use of dempster - shafer theory for handling uncertainty in expert systems . the major ←
→ modelling users , intentions , and structure in spoken dialog ; we outline how utterances in dialogs can be interpreted using a partial first order logic . we exploit the capability of this logic to talk about the truth status of formulae to define a notion of coherence between utterances and explain how this coherence relation can serve for the construction of and / or trees that represent the segmentation of the dialog . in a bdi model we formalize basic assumptions about dialog and cooperative behaviour of par ←
→ english conversational telephone speech recognition by humans and machines ; one of the most difficult speech recognition tasks is accurate recognition of human to human communication . advances in deep learning over the last few years have produced major speech recognition improvements on the representative switchboard conversational corpus . word error rates that just a few years ago were 14 % have dropped to 8 . 0 %, then 6 . 6 % and most recently 5 . 8 %, and are now believed to be within striking range of human ←
→ towards a knowledge graph based speech interface ; applications which use human speech as an input require a speech interface with high recognition accuracy . the words or phrases in the recognised text are annotated with a machine - understandable meaning and linked to knowledge graphs for further processing by the target application . these semantic annotations of recognised words can be represented as a subject - predicate - object triples which collectively form a graph often referred to as a knowledge graph . t ←
→ manipulating and measuring model interpretability ; despite a growing body of research focused on creating interpretable machine learning methods , there have been few empirical studies verifying whether interpretable methods achieve their intended effects on end users . we present a framework for assessing the effects of model interpretability on users via pre - registered experiments in which participants are shown functionally identical models that vary in factors thought to influence interpretability . using ←
→ a fast patch - dictionary method for whole image recovery ; various algorithms have been proposed for dictionary learning . among those for image processing , many use image patches to form dictionaries . this paper focuses on whole - image recovery from corrupted linear measurements . we address the open issue of representing an image by overlapping patches : the overlapping leads to an excessive number of dictionary coefficients to determine . with very few exceptions , this issue has limited the applications of ima ←
→ negative sampling improves hypernymy extraction based on projection learning ; we present a new approach to extraction of hypernyms based on projection learning and word embeddings . in contrast to classification - based approaches , projection - based methods require no candidate hyponym - hypernym pairs . while it is natural to use both positive and negative training examples in supervised relation extraction , the impact of negative examples on hypernym prediction was not studied so far . in this paper , we show t ←
→ malware detection module using machine learning algorithms to assist in centralized security in enterprise networks ; malicious software is abundant in a world of innumerable computer users , who are constantly faced with these threats from various sources like the internet , local networks and portable drives . malware is potentially low to high risk and can cause systems to function incorrectly , steal data and even crash . malware may be executable or system library files in the form of viruses , worms , troj ←
→ inter - battery topic representation learning ; in this paper , we present the inter - battery topic model ( ibtm ). our approach extends traditional topic models by learning a factorized latent variable representation . the structured representation leads to a model that marries benefits traditionally associated with a discriminative approach , such as feature selection , with those of a generative model , such as principled regularization and ability to handle missing data . the factorization is provided by represent ←
→ explaining deep convolutional neural networks on music classification ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been actively adopted in the field of music information retrieval , e . g . genre classification , mood detection , and chord recognition . however , the process of learning and prediction is little understood , particularly when it is applied to spectrograms . we introduce auralisation of a cnn to understand its underlying mechanism , which is based on a deconvolution procedure introduced in [ 2 ]. aur ←
→ color image quality assessment measure using multivariate generalized gaussian distribution ; this paper deals with color image quality assessment in the reduced - reference framework based on natural scenes statistics . in this context , we propose to model the statistics of the steerable pyramid coefficients by a multivariate generalized gaussian distribution ( mggd ). this model allows taking into account the high correlation between the components of the rgb color space . for each selected scale and orientat ←
→ a comparison of decision analysis and expert rules for sequential diagnosis ; there has long been debate about the relative merits of decision theoretic methods and heuristic rule - based approaches for reasoning under uncertainty . we report an experimental comparison of the performance of the two approaches to troubleshooting , specifically to test selection for fault diagnosis . we use as experimental testbed the problem of diagnosing motorcycle engines . the first approach employs heuristic test selection r ←
→ language identification with confidence limits ; a statistical classification algorithm and its application to language identification from noisy input are described . the main innovation is to compute confidence limits on the classification , so that the algorithm terminates when enough evidence to make a clear decision has been made , and so avoiding problems with categories that have similar characteristics . a second application , to genre identification , is briefly examined . the results show that some of th ←
→ inherent trade - offs in the fair determination of risk scores ; recent discussion in the public sphere about algorithmic classification has involved tension between competing notions of what it means for a probabilistic classification to be fair to different groups . we formalize three fairness conditions that lie at the heart of these debates , and we prove that except in highly constrained special cases , there is no method that can satisfy these three conditions simultaneously . moreover , even satisfying all ←
→ the diagonalized newton algorithm for nonnegative matrix factorization ; non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) has become a popular machine learning approach to many problems in text mining , speech and image processing , bio - informatics and seismic data analysis to name a few . in nmf , a matrix of non - negative data is approximated by the low - rank product of two matrices with non - negative entries . in this paper , the approximation quality is measured by the kullback - leibler divergence between the data and its ←
→ balancing exploration and exploitation by an elitist ant system with exponential pheromone deposition rule ; the paper presents an exponential pheromone deposition rule to modify the basic ant system algorithm which employs constant deposition rule . a stability analysis using differential equation is carried out to find out the values of parameters that make the ant system dynamics stable for both kinds of deposition rule . a roadmap of connected cities is chosen as the problem environment where the shorte ←
→ ensemble approaches for improving community detection methods ; statistical estimates can often be improved by fusion of data from several different sources . one example is so - called ensemble methods which have been successfully applied in areas such as machine learning for classification and clustering . in this paper , we present an ensemble method to improve community detection by aggregating the information found in an ensemble of community structures . this ensemble can found by re - sampling methods , multi ←
→ the mean and median criterion for automatic kernel bandwidth selection for support vector data description ; support vector data description ( svdd ) is a popular technique for detecting anomalies . the svdd classifier partitions the whole space into an inlier region , which consists of the region near the training data , and an outlier region , which consists of points away from the training data . the computation of the svdd classifier requires a kernel function , and the gaussian kernel is a common choice for ←
→ towards optimally decentralized multi - robot collision avoidance via deep reinforcement learning ; developing a safe and efficient collision avoidance policy for multiple robots is challenging in the decentralized scenarios where each robot generate its paths without observing other robots ' states and intents . while other distributed multi - robot collision avoidance systems exist , they often require extracting agent - level features to plan a local collision - free action , which can be computationally prohibiti ←
→ bayesian nonparametric multilevel clustering with group - level contexts ; we present a bayesian nonparametric framework for multilevel clustering which utilizes group - level context information to simultaneously discover low - dimensional structures of the group contents and partitions groups into clusters . using the dirichlet process as the building block , our model constructs a product base - measure with a nested structure to accommodate content and context observations at multiple levels . the proposed model p ←
→ generalized compression dictionary distance as universal similarity measure ; we present a new similarity measure based on information theoretic measures which is superior than normalized compression distance for clustering problems and inherits the useful properties of conditional kolmogorov complexity . we show that normalized compression dictionary size and normalized compression dictionary entropy are computationally more efficient , as the need to perform the compression itself is eliminated . also they ←
→ categorical mixture models on vggnet activations ; in this project , i use unsupervised learning techniques in order to cluster a set of yelp restaurant photos under meaningful topics . in order to do this , i extract layer activations from a pre - trained implementation of the popular vggnet convolutional neural network . first , i explore using lda with the activations of convolutional layers as features . secondly , i explore using the object - recognition powers of vggnet trained on imagenet in order to extract me ←
→ a benchmark dataset and saliency - guided stacked autoencoders for video - based salient object detection ; image - based salient object detection ( sod ) has been extensively studied in the past decades . however , video - based sod is much less explored since there lack large - scale video datasets within which salient objects are unambiguously defined and annotated . toward this end , this paper proposes a video - based sod dataset that consists of 200 videos ( 64 minutes ). in constructing the dataset , we manually annota ←
→ optimization theory of hebbian / anti - hebbian networks for pca and whitening ; in analyzing information streamed by sensory organs , our brains face challenges similar to those solved in statistical signal processing . this suggests that biologically plausible implementations of online signal processing algorithms may model neural computation . here , we focus on such workhorses of signal processing as principal component analysis ( pca ) and whitening which maximize information transmission in the presence of no ←
→ crowdsourcing in computer vision ; computer vision systems require large amounts of manually annotated data to properly learn challenging visual concepts . crowdsourcing platforms offer an inexpensive method to capture human knowledge and understanding , for a vast number of visual perception tasks . in this survey , we describe the types of annotations computer vision researchers have collected using crowdsourcing , and how they have ensured that this data is of high quality while annotation effort is minimized ←
→ lexicons and minimum risk training for neural machine translation : naist - cmu at wat2016 ; this year , the nara institute of science and technology ( naist )/ carnegie mellon university ( cmu ) submission to the japanese - english translation track of the 2016 workshop on asian translation was based on attentional neural machine translation ( nmt ) models . in addition to the standard nmt model , we make a number of improvements , most notably the use of discrete translation lexicons to improve probability estimates , a ←
→ towards the patterns of hard csps with association rule mining ; the hardness of finite domain constraint satisfaction problems ( csps ) is a very important research area in constraint programming ( cp ) community . however , this problem has not yet attracted much attention from the researchers in the association rule mining community . as a popular data mining technique , association rule mining has an extremely wide application area and it has already been successfully applied to many interdisciplines . in this p ←
→ safe exploration in continuous action spaces ; we address the problem of deploying a reinforcement learning ( rl ) agent on a physical system such as a datacenter cooling unit or robot , where critical constraints must never be violated . we show how to exploit the typically smooth dynamics of these systems and enable rl algorithms to never violate constraints during learning . our technique is to directly add to the policy a safety layer that analytically solves an action correction formulation per each state . ←
→ proposition of the interactive pareto iterated local search procedure - elements and initial experiments ; the article presents an approach to interactively solve multi - objective optimization problems . while the identification of efficient solutions is supported by computational intelligence techniques on the basis of local search , the search is directed by partial preference information obtained from the decision maker . an application of the approach to biobjective portfolio optimization , modeled as th ←
→ single shot textspotter with explicit alignment and attention ; text detection and recognition in natural images have long been considered as two separate tasks that are processed sequentially . training of two tasks in a unified framework is non - trivial due to significant dif - ferences in optimisation difficulties . in this work , we present a conceptually simple yet efficient framework that simultaneously processes the two tasks in one shot . our main contributions are three - fold : 1 ) we propose a novel text - a ←
→ algorithms and complexity results for persuasive argumentation ; the study of arguments as abstract entities and their interaction as introduced by dung ( artificial intelligence 177 , 1995 ) has become one of the most active research branches within artificial intelligence and reasoning . a main issue for abstract argumentation systems is the selection of acceptable sets of arguments . value - based argumentation , as introduced by bench - capon ( j . logic comput . 13 , 2003 ), extends dung ' s framework . it takes into ac ←
→ classification of curves in 2d and 3d via affine integral signatures ; we propose a robust classification algorithm for curves in 2d and 3d , under the special and full groups of affine transformations . to each plane or spatial curve we assign a plane signature curve . curves , equivalent under an affine transformation , have the same signature . the signatures introduced in this paper are based on integral invariants , which behave much better on noisy images than classically known differential invariants . the c ←
→ joint modeling of topics , citations , and topical authority in academic corpora ; much of scientific progress stems from previously published findings , but searching through the vast sea of scientific publications is difficult . we often rely on metrics of scholarly authority to find the prominent authors but these authority indices do not differentiate authority based on research topics . we present latent topical - authority indexing ( ltai ) for jointly modeling the topics , citations , and topical authority in ←
→ belief propagation for min - cost network flow : convergence and correctness ; message passing type algorithms such as the so - called belief propagation algorithm have recently gained a lot of attention in the statistics , signal processing and machine learning communities as attractive algorithms for solving a variety of optimization and inference problems . as a decentralized , easy to implement and empirically successful algorithm , bp deserves attention from the theoretical standpoint , and here not much is kn ←
→ deep interactive region segmentation and captioning ; with recent innovations in dense image captioning , it is now possible to describe every object of the scene with a caption while objects are determined by bounding boxes . however , interpretation of such an output is not trivial due to the existence of many overlapping bounding boxes . furthermore , in current captioning frameworks , the user is not able to involve personal preferences to exclude out of interest areas . in this paper , we propose a novel hybri ←
→ reasoning in systems with elements that randomly switch characteristics ; we examine the issue of stability of probability in reasoning about complex systems with uncertainty in structure . normally , propositions are viewed as probability functions on an abstract random graph where it is implicitly assumed that the nodes of the graph have stable properties . but what if some of the nodes change their characteristics ? this is a situation that cannot be covered by abstractions of either static or dynamic sets w ←
→ efficient and consistent robust time series analysis ; we study the problem of robust time series analysis under the standard auto - regressive ( ar ) time series model in the presence of arbitrary outliers . we devise an efficient hard thresholding based algorithm which can obtain a consistent estimate of the optimal ar model despite a large fraction of the time series points being corrupted . our algorithm alternately estimates the corrupted set of points and the model parameters , and is inspired by recent adva ←
→ classifying syntactic regularities for hundreds of languages ; this paper presents a comparison of classification methods for linguistic typology for the purpose of expanding an extensive , but sparse language resource : the world atlas of language structures ( wals ) ( dryer and haspelmath , 2013 ). we experimented with a variety of regression and nearest - neighbor methods for use in classification over a set of 325 languages and six syntactic rules drawn from wals . to classify each rule , we consider the typologic ←
→ a probabilistic model for the numerical solution of initial value problems ; like many numerical methods , solvers for initial value problems ( ivps ) on ordinary differential equations estimate an analytically intractable quantity , using the results of tractable computations as inputs . this structure is closely connected to the notion of inference on latent variables in statistics . we describe a class of algorithms that formulate the solution to an ivp as inference on a latent path that is a draw from a gau ←
→ streaming kernel regression with provably adaptive mean , variance , and regularization ; we consider the problem of streaming kernel regression , when the observations arrive sequentially and the goal is to recover the underlying mean function , assumed to belong to an rkhs . the variance of the noise is not assumed to be known . in this context , we tackle the problem of tuning the regularization parameter adaptively at each time step , while maintaining tight confidence bounds estimates on the value of the mea ←
→ content based multimedia information retrieval to support digital libraries ; content - based multimedia information retrieval is an interesting research area since it allows retrieval based on inherent characteristic of multimedia objects . for example retrieval based on visual characteristics such as colour , shapes or textures of objects in images or retrieval based on spatial relationships among objects in the media ( images or video clips ). this paper reviews some work done in image and video retrieval an ←
→ long short - term memory for japanese word segmentation ; this study presents a long short - term memory ( lstm ) neural network approach to japanese word segmentation ( jws ). previous studies on chinese word segmentation ( cws ) succeeded in using recurrent neural networks such as lstm and gated recurrent units ( gru ). however , in contrast to chinese , japanese includes several character types , such as hiragana , katakana , and kanji , that produce orthographic variations and increase the difficulty of word segmentation ←
→ on solving the oriented two - dimensional bin packing problem under free guillotine cutting : exploiting the power of probabilistic solution construction ; two - dimensional bin packing problems are highly relevant combinatorial optimization problems . they find a large number of applications , for example , in the context of transportation or warehousing , and for the cutting of different materials such as glass , wood or metal . in this work we deal with the oriented two - dimensional bin packing problem under fre ←
→ plug - and - play unplugged : optimization free reconstruction using consensus equilibrium ; regularized inversion methods for image reconstruction are used widely due to their tractability and their ability to combine physical sensor models with useful regularity criteria . such methods were used in the recently developed plug - and - play prior method , which provides a framework to use advanced denoisers as regularizers in inversion . however , the need to formulate regularized inversion as the solution to an optim ←
→ kernel - based information criterion ; this paper introduces kernel - based information criterion ( kic ) for model selection in regression analysis . the novel kernel - based complexity measure in kic efficiently computes the interdependency between parameters of the model using a variable - wise variance and yields selection of better , more robust regressors . experimental results show superior performance on both simulated and real data sets compared to leave - one - out cross - validation ( loocv ), kernel - based informatio ←
→ learning to predict indoor illumination from a single image ; we propose an automatic method to infer high dynamic range illumination from a single , limited field - of - view , low dynamic range photograph of an indoor scene . in contrast to previous work that relies on specialized image capture , user input , and / or simple scene models , we train an end - to - end deep neural network that directly regresses a limited field - of - view photo to hdr illumination , without strong assumptions on scene geometry , material propert ←
→ exprgan : facial expression editing with controllable expression intensity ; facial expression editing is a challenging task as it needs a high - level semantic understanding of the input face image . in conventional methods , either paired training data is required or the synthetic face resolution is low . moreover , only the categories of facial expression can be changed . to address these limitations , we propose an expression generative adversarial network ( exprgan ) for photo - realistic facial expression editin ←
→ using belief functions for uncertainty management and knowledge acquisition : an expert application ; this paper describes recent work on an ongoing project in medical diagnosis at the university of guelph . a domain on which experts are not very good at pinpointing a single disease outcome is explored . on - line medical data is available over a relatively short period of time . belief functions ( dempster - shafer theory ) are first extracted from data and then modified with expert opinions . several methods for d ←
→ completeness guarantees for incomplete ontology reasoners : theory and practice ; to achieve scalability of query answering , the developers of semantic web applications are often forced to use incomplete owl 2 reasoners , which fail to derive all answers for at least one query , ontology , and data set . the lack of completeness guarantees , however , may be unacceptable for applications in areas such as health care and defence , where missing answers can adversely affect the applications functionality . furthermo ←
→ clipped action policy gradient ; many continuous control tasks have bounded action spaces and clip out - of - bound actions before execution . policy gradient methods often optimize policies as if actions were not clipped . we propose clipped action policy gradient ( capg ) as an alternative policy gradient estimator that exploits the knowledge of actions being clipped to reduce the variance in estimation . we prove that capg is unbiased and achieves lower variance than the original estimator that ignores action bou ←
→ image segmentation in liquid argon time projection chamber detector ; the liquid argon time projection chamber ( lar - tpc ) detectors provide excellent imaging and particle identification ability for studying neutrinos . an efficient and automatic reconstruction procedures are required to exploit potential of this imaging technology . herein , a novel method for segmentation of images from lar - tpc detectors is presented . the proposed approach computes a feature descriptor for each pixel in the image , which charac ←
→ finding sparse solutions of systems of polynomial equations via group - sparsity optimization ; the paper deals with the problem of finding sparse solutions to systems of polynomial equations possibly perturbed by noise . in particular , we show how these solutions can be recovered from group - sparse solutions of a derived system of linear equations . then , two approaches are considered to find these group - sparse solutions . the first one is based on a convex relaxation resulting in a second - order cone programmi ←
→ discriminative correlation filter with channel and spatial reliability ; short - term tracking is an open and challenging problem for which discriminative correlation filters ( dcf ) have shown excellent performance . we introduce the channel and spatial reliability concepts to dcf tracking and provide a novel learning algorithm for its efficient and seamless integration in the filter update and the tracking process . the spatial reliability map adjusts the filter support to the part of the object suitable for tr ←
→ discrete wavelet transform based algorithm for recognition of qrs complexes ; this paper proposes the application of discrete wavelet transform ( dwt ) to detect the qrs ( ecg is characterized by a recurrent wave sequence of p , qrs and t - wave ) of an electrocardiogram ( ecg ) signal . wavelet transform provides localization in both time and frequency . in preprocessing stage , dwt is used to remove the baseline wander in the ecg signal . the performance of the algorithm of qrs detection is evaluated against the sta ←
→ online and batch supervised background estimation via l1 regression ; we propose a surprisingly simple model for supervised video background estimation . our model is based on $\ ell_1 $ regression . as existing methods for $\ ell_1 $ regression do not scale to high - resolution videos , we propose several simple and scalable methods for solving the problem , including iteratively reweighted least squares , a homotopy method , and stochastic gradient descent . we show through extensive experiments that our model and met ←
→ adaptive cost function for pointcloud registration ; in this paper we introduce an adaptive cost function for pointcloud registration . the algorithm automatically estimates the sensor noise , which is important for generalization across different sensors and environments . through experiments on real and synthetic data , we show significant improvements in accuracy and robustness over state - of - the - art solutions .←
→ exploiting structure sparsity for covariance - based visual representation ; the past few years have witnessed increasing research interest on covariance - based feature representation . a variety of methods have been proposed to boost its efficacy , with some recent ones resorting to nonlinear kernel technique . noting that the essence of this feature representation is to characterise the underlying structure of visual features , this paper argues that an equally , if not more , important approach to boosting its ef ←
→ a machine learning approach for opinion holder extraction in arabic language ; opinion mining aims at extracting useful subjective information from reliable amounts of text . opinion mining holder recognition is a task that has not been considered yet in arabic language . this task essentially requires deep understanding of clauses structures . unfortunately , the lack of a robust , publicly available , arabic parser further complicates the research . this paper presents a leading research for the opinion holder ←
→ policy search in continuous action domains : an overview ; continuous action policy search , the search for efficient policies in continuous control tasks , is currently the focus of intensive research driven both by the recent success of deep reinforcement learning algorithms and by the emergence of competitors based on evolutionary algorithms . in this paper , we present a broad survey of policy search methods , incorporating into a common big picture these very different approaches as well as alternatives such ←
→ single reference image based scene relighting via material guided filtering ; image relighting is to change the illumination of an image to a target illumination effect without known the original scene geometry , material information and illumination condition . we propose a novel outdoor scene relighting method , which needs only a single reference image and is based on material constrained layer decomposition . firstly , the material map is extracted from the input image . then , the reference image is warped ←
→ lexical based semantic orientation of online customer reviews and blogs ; rapid increase in internet users along with growing power of online review sites and social media has given birth to sentiment analysis or opinion mining , which aims at determining what other people think and comment . sentiments or opinions contain public generated content about products , services , policies and politics . people are usually interested to seek positive and negative opinions containing likes and dislikes , shared by users ←
→ res - a relative method for evidential reasoning ; in this paper we describe a novel method for evidential reasoning [ 1 ]. it involves modelling the process of evidential reasoning in three steps , namely , evidence structure construction , evidence accumulation , and decision making . the proposed method , called res , is novel in that evidence strength is associated with an evidential support relationship ( an argument ) between a pair of statements and such strength is carried by comparison between arguments . this ←
→ getting deep recommenders fit : bloom embeddings for sparse binary input / output networks ; recommendation algorithms that incorporate techniques from deep learning are becoming increasingly popular . due to the structure of the data coming from recommendation domains ( i . e ., one - hot - encoded vectors of item preferences ), these algorithms tend to have large input and output dimensionalities that dominate their overall size . this makes them difficult to train , due to the limited memory of graphical processing u ←
→ ranking with adaptive neighbors ; retrieving the most similar objects in a large - scale database for a given query is a fundamental building block in many application domains , ranging from web searches , visual , cross media , and document retrievals . state - of - the - art approaches have mainly focused on capturing the underlying geometry of the data manifolds . graph - based approaches , in particular , define various diffusion processes on weighted data graphs . despite success , these approaches rely on fixed - weight gr ←
→ a cognitive mind - map framework to foster trust ; the explorative mind - map is a dynamic framework , that emerges automatically from the input , it gets . it is unlike a verificative modeling system where existing ( human ) thoughts are placed and connected together . in this regard , explorative mind - maps change their size continuously , being adaptive with connectionist cells inside ; mind - maps process data input incrementally and offer lots of possibilities to interact with the user through an appropriate communica ←
→ return of frustratingly easy domain adaptation ; unlike human learning , machine learning often fails to handle changes between training ( source ) and test ( target ) input distributions . such domain shifts , common in practical scenarios , severely damage the performance of conventional machine learning methods . supervised domain adaptation methods have been proposed for the case when the target data have labels , including some that perform very well despite being " frustratingly easy " to implement . however , in p ←
→ learning theory and algorithms for revenue optimization in second - price auctions with reserve ; second - price auctions with reserve play a critical role for modern search engine and popular online sites since the revenue of these companies often directly de - pends on the outcome of such auctions . the choice of the reserve price is the main mechanism through which the auction revenue can be influenced in these electronic markets . we cast the problem of selecting the reserve price to optimize revenue as a le ←
→ wavelet and curvelet moments for image classification : application to aggregate mixture grading ; we show the potential for classifying images of mixtures of aggregate , based themselves on varying , albeit well - defined , sizes and shapes , in order to provide a far more effective approach compared to the classification of individual sizes and shapes . while a dominant ( additive , stationary ) gaussian noise component in image data will ensure that wavelet coefficients are of gaussian distribution , long tailed d ←
→ datum - wise classification : a sequential approach to sparsity ; we propose a novel classification technique whose aim is to select an appropriate representation for each datapoint , in contrast to the usual approach of selecting a representation encompassing the whole dataset . this datum - wise representation is found by using a sparsity inducing empirical risk , which is a relaxation of the standard l 0 regularized risk . the classification problem is modeled as a sequential decision process that sequentially ch ←
→ copula component analysis ; a framework named copula component analysis ( cca ) for blind source separation is proposed as a generalization of independent component analysis ( ica ). it differs from ica which assumes independence of sources that the underlying components may be dependent with certain structure which is represented by copula . by incorporating dependency structure , much accurate estimation can be made in principle in the case that the assumption of independence is invalidated . a two phrase infere ←
→ student beats the teacher : deep neural networks for lateral ventricles segmentation in brain mr ; ventricular volume and its progression are known to be linked to several brain diseases such as dementia and schizophrenia . therefore accurate measurement of ventricle volume is vital for longitudinal studies on these disorders , making automated ventricle segmentation algorithms desirable . in the past few years , deep neural networks have shown to outperform the classical models in many imaging domains . howeve ←
→ yedrouj - net : an efficient cnn for spatial steganalysis ; for about 10 years , detecting the presence of a secret message hidden in an image was performed with an ensemble classifier trained with rich features . in recent years , studies such as xu et al . have indicated that well - designed convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) can achieve comparable performance to the two - step machine learning approaches . in this paper , we propose a cnn that outperforms the state - ofthe - art in terms of error probability . the prop ←
→ the basque task : did systems perform in the upperbound ? ; in this paper we describe the senseval 2 basque lexical - sample task . the task comprised 40 words ( 15 nouns , 15 verbs and 10 adjectives ) selected from euskal hiztegia , the main basque dictionary . most examples were taken from the egunkaria newspaper . the method used to hand - tag the examples produced low inter - tagger agreement ( 75 %) before arbitration . the four competing systems attained results well above the most frequent baseline and the best system ←
→ feature pyramid networks for object detection ; feature pyramids are a basic component in recognition systems for detecting objects at different scales . but recent deep learning object detectors have avoided pyramid representations , in part because they are compute and memory intensive . in this paper , we exploit the inherent multi - scale , pyramidal hierarchy of deep convolutional networks to construct feature pyramids with marginal extra cost . a top - down architecture with lateral connections is developed for ←
→ analysis of estimation of distribution algorithms and genetic algorithms on nk landscapes ; this study analyzes performance of several genetic and evolutionary algorithms on randomly generated nk fitness landscapes with various values of n and k . a large number of nk problem instances are first generated for each n and k , and the global optimum of each instance is obtained using the branch - and - bound algorithm . next , the hierarchical bayesian optimization algorithm ( hboa ), the univariate marginal distribut ←
→ the reactor : a sample - efficient actor - critic architecture ; in this work we present a new reinforcement learning agent , called reactor ( for retrace - actor ), based on an off - policy multi - step return actor - critic architecture . the agent uses a deep recurrent neural network for function approximation . the network outputs a target policy {\ pi } ( the actor ), an action - value q - function ( the critic ) evaluating the current policy {\ pi }, and an estimated behavioral policy {\ hat \ mu } which we use for off - policy correct ←
→ unrealcv : connecting computer vision to unreal engine ; computer graphics can not only generate synthetic images and ground truth but it also offers the possibility of constructing virtual worlds in which : ( i ) an agent can perceive , navigate , and take actions guided by ai algorithms , ( ii ) properties of the worlds can be modified ( e . g ., material and reflectance ), ( iii ) physical simulations can be performed , and ( iv ) algorithms can be learnt and evaluated . but creating realistic virtual worlds is not easy . th ←
→ a non - parametric control chart for high frequency multivariate data ; support vector data description ( svdd ) is a machine learning technique used for single class classification and outlier detection . svdd based k - chart was first introduced by sun and tsung for monitoring multivariate processes when underlying distribution of process parameters or quality characteristics depart from normality . the method first trains a svdd model on data obtained from stable or in - control operations of the process to obtain ←
→ a decentralized proximal - gradient method with network independent step - sizes and separated convergence rates ; this paper considers the problem of decentralized optimization with a composite objective containing smooth and non - smooth terms . to solve the problem , a proximal - gradient scheme is studied . specifically , the smooth and nonsmooth terms are dealt with by gradient update and proximal update , respectively . the studied algorithm is closely related to a previous decentralized optimization algorithm , p ←
→ high - dimensional dynamics of generalization error in neural networks ; we perform an average case analysis of the generalization dynamics of large neural networks trained using gradient descent . we study the practically - relevant " high - dimensional " regime where the number of free parameters in the network is on the order of or even larger than the number of examples in the dataset . using random matrix theory and exact solutions in linear models , we derive the generalization error and training error dynamics ←
→ distributed k - means and k - median clustering on general topologies ; this paper provides new algorithms for distributed clustering for two popular center - based objectives , k - median and k - means . these algorithms have provable guarantees and improve communication complexity over existing approaches . following a classic approach in clustering by \ cite { har2004coresets }, we reduce the problem of finding a clustering with low cost to the problem of finding a coreset of small size . we provide a distributed method f ←
→ robust cost - sensitive learning for recommendation with implicit feedback ; recommendation is the task of improving customer experience through personalized recommendation based on users ' past feedback . in this paper , we investigate the most common scenario : the user - item ( u - i ) matrix of implicit feedback . even though many recommendation approaches are designed based on implicit feedback , they attempt to project the u - i matrix into a low - rank latent space , which is a strict restriction that rarely holds in p ←
→ deep predictive coding networks for video prediction and unsupervised learning ; while great strides have been made in using deep learning algorithms to solve supervised learning tasks , the problem of unsupervised learning - leveraging unlabeled examples to learn about the structure of a domain - remains a difficult unsolved challenge . here , we explore prediction of future frames in a video sequence as an unsupervised learning rule for learning about the structure of the visual world . we describe a predic ←
→ divide - and - conquer based ensemble to spot emotions in speech using mfcc and random forest ; besides spoken words , speech signals also carry information about speaker gender , age , and emotional state which can be used in a variety of speech analysis applications . in this paper , a divide and conquer strategy for ensemble classification has been proposed to recognize emotions in speech . intrinsic hierarchy in emotions has been utilized to construct an emotions tree , which assisted in breaking down the emotio ←
→ towards building a crowd - sourced sky map ; we describe a system that builds a high dynamic - range and wide - angle image of the night sky by combining a large set of input images . the method makes use of pixel - rank information in the individual input images to improve a " consensus " pixel rank in the combined image . because it only makes use of ranks and the complexity of the algorithm is linear in the number of images , the method is useful for large sets of uncalibrated images that might have undergone unknown ←
→ asap : asynchronous approximate data - parallel computation ; emerging workloads , such as graph processing and machine learning are approximate because of the scale of data involved and the stochastic nature of the underlying algorithms . these algorithms are often distributed over multiple machines using bulk - synchronous processing ( bsp ) or other synchronous processing paradigms such as map - reduce . however , data parallel processing primitives such as repeated barrier and reduce operations introduce high synchr ←
→ self - supervised multi - level face model learning for monocular reconstruction at over 250 hz ; the reconstruction of dense 3d models of face geometry and appearance from a single image is highly challenging and ill - posed . to constrain the problem , many approaches rely on strong priors , such as parametric face models learned from limited 3d scan data . however , prior models restrict generalization of the true diversity in facial geometry , skin reflectance and illumination . to alleviate this problem , we prese ←
→ a neural transfer function for a smooth and differentiable transition between additive and multiplicative interactions ; existing approaches to combine both additive and multiplicative neural units either use a fixed assignment of operations or require discrete optimization to determine what function a neuron should perform . this leads either to an inefficient distribution of computational resources or an extensive increase in the computational complexity of the training procedure . we present a novel , p ←
→ thompson sampling with the online bootstrap ; thompson sampling provides a solution to bandit problems in which new observations are allocated to arms with the posterior probability that an arm is optimal . while sometimes easy to implement and asymptotically optimal , thompson sampling can be computationally demanding in large scale bandit problems , and its performance is dependent on the model fit to the observed data . we introduce bootstrap thompson sampling ( bts ), a heuristic method for solving bandit pro ←
→ the loss surface and expressivity of deep convolutional neural networks ; we analyze the expressiveness and loss surface of practical deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) with shared weights and max pooling layers . we show that such cnns produce linearly independent features at a " wide " layer which has more neurons than the number of training samples . this condition holds e . g . for the vgg network . furthermore , we provide for such wide cnns necessary and sufficient conditions for global minima with zero ←
→ automatic post - picking improves particle image detection from cryo - em micrographs ; cryo - electron microscopy ( cryo - em ) studies using single particle reconstruction is extensively used to reveal structural information of macromolecular complexes . aiming at the highest achievable resolution , state of the art electron microscopes acquire thousands of high - quality images . having collected these data , each single particle must be detected and windowed out . several fully - or semi - automated approaches have been ←
→ political footprints : political discourse analysis using pre - trained word vectors ; in this paper , we discuss how machine learning could be used to produce a systematic and more objective political discourse analysis . political footprints are vector space models ( vsms ) applied to political discourse . each of their vectors represents a word , and is produced by training the english lexicon on large text corpora . this paper presents a simple implementation of political footprints , some heuristics on how to u ←
→ slam : solutions lexicales automatique pour métaphores ; this article presents slam , an automatic solver for lexical metaphors like ? d \' eshabiller * une pomme ? ( to undress * an apple ). slam calculates a conventional solution for these productions . to carry on it , slam has to intersect the paradigmatic axis of the metaphorical verb ? d \' eshabiller *?, where ? peler ? (? to peel ?) comes closer , with a syntagmatic axis that comes from a corpus where ? peler une pomme ? ( to peel an apple ) is semantically and syntactical ←
→ pushing the boundaries of boundary detection using deep learning ; in this work we show that adapting deep convolutional neural network training to the task of boundary detection can result in substantial improvements over the current state - of - the - art in boundary detection . our contributions consist firstly in combining a careful design of the loss for boundary detection training , a multi - resolution architecture and training with external data to improve the detection accuracy of the current state of the ←
→ pre - processing for triangulation of probabilistic networks ; the currently most efficient algorithm for inference with a probabilistic network builds upon a triangulation of a network ' s graph . in this paper , we show that pre - processing can help in finding good triangulations forprobabilistic networks , that is , triangulations with a minimal maximum clique size . we provide a set of rules for stepwise reducing a graph , without losing optimality . this reduction allows us to solve the triangulation problem on a ←
→ how transferable are neural networks in nlp applications ? ; transfer learning is aimed to make use of valuable knowledge in a source domain to help model performance in a target domain . it is particularly important to neural networks , which are very likely to be overfitting . in some fields like image processing , many studies have shown the effectiveness of neural network - based transfer learning . for neural nlp , however , existing studies have only casually applied transfer learning , and conclusions are incon ←
→ identification of non - linear behavior models with restricted or redundant data ; this study presents a new strategy for the identification of material parameters in the case of restricted or redundant data , based on a hybrid approach combining a genetic algorithm and the levenberg - marquardt method . the proposed methodology consists essentially in a statistically based topological analysis of the search domain , after this one has been reduced by the analysis of the parameters ranges . this is used to identi ←
→ a dynamic phase selection strategy for satisfiability solvers ; the phase selection is an important of a sat solver based on conflict - driven dpll . this paper presents a new phase selection strategy , in which the weight of each literal is defined as the sum of its implied - literals static weights . the implied literals of each literal is computed dynamically during the search . therefore , it is call a dynamic phase selection strategy . in general , computing dynamically a weight is time - consuming . hence , so far n ←
→ modular continual learning in a unified visual environment ; a core aspect of human intelligence is the ability to learn new tasks quickly and switch between them flexibly . here , we describe a modular continual reinforcement learning paradigm inspired by these abilities . we first introduce a visual interaction environment that allows many types of tasks to be unified in a single framework . we then describe a reward map prediction scheme that learns new tasks robustly in the very large state and action space ←
→ absolute pose estimation from line correspondences using direct linear transformation ; this work is concerned with camera pose estimation from correspondences of 3d / 2d lines , i . e . with the perspective - n - line ( pnl ) problem . we focus on large line sets , which can be efficiently solved by methods using linear formulation of pnl . we propose a novel method " dlt - combined - lines " based on the direct linear transformation ( dlt ) algorithm , which benefits from a new combination of two existing dlt methods for pose ←
→ piecewise linear neural network verification : a comparative study ; the success of deep learning and its potential use in many important safety - critical applications has motivated research on formal verification of neural network ( nn ) models . despite the reputation of learned nn models to behave as black boxes and the theoretical hardness of proving their properties , researchers have been successful in verifying some classes of models by exploiting their piecewise linear structure . unfortunately , most of t ←
→ joint image - text news topic detection and tracking with and - or graph representation ; in this paper , we aim to develop a method for automatically detecting and tracking topics in broadcast news . we present a hierarchical and - or graph ( aog ) to jointly represent the latent structure of both texts and visuals . the aog embeds a context sensitive grammar that can describe the hierarchical composition of news topics by semantic elements about people involved , related places and what happened , and model contextu ←
→ benchmark environments for multitask learning in continuous domains ; as demand drives systems to generalize to various domains and problems , the study of multitask , transfer and lifelong learning has become an increasingly important pursuit . in discrete domains , performance on the atari game suite has emerged as the de facto benchmark for assessing multitask learning . however , in continuous domains there is a lack of agreement on standard multitask evaluation environments which makes it difficult to compar ←
→ semantic tracking : single - target tracking with inter - supervised convolutional networks ; this article presents a semantic tracker which simultaneously tracks a single target and recognises its category . in general , it is hard to design a tracking model suitable for all object categories , e . g ., a rigid tracker for a car is not suitable for a deformable gymnast . category - based trackers usually achieve superior tracking performance for the objects of that specific category , but have difficulties being genera ←
→ estimating snow cover from publicly available images ; in this paper we study the problem of estimating snow cover in mountainous regions , that is , the spatial extent of the earth surface covered by snow . we argue that publicly available visual content , in the form of user generated photographs and image feeds from outdoor webcams , can both be leveraged as additional measurement sources , complementing existing ground , satellite and airborne sensor data . to this end , we describe two content acquisition and p ←
→ query - efficient black - box adversarial examples ; current neural network - based image classifiers are susceptible to adversarial examples , even in the black - box setting , where the attacker is limited to query access without access to gradients . previous methods --- substitute networks and coordinate - based finite - difference methods --- are either unreliable or query - inefficient , making these methods impractical for certain problems . we introduce a new method for reliably generating adversarial examples under ←
→ geometry - based next frame prediction from monocular video ; we consider the problem of next frame prediction from video input . a recurrent convolutional neural network is trained to predict depth from monocular video input , which , along with the current video image and the camera trajectory , can then be used to compute the next frame . unlike prior next - frame prediction approaches , we take advantage of the scene geometry and use the predicted depth for generating the next frame prediction . our approach can p ←
→ a computational scheme for reasoning in dynamic probabilistic networks ; a computational scheme for reasoning about dynamic systems using ( causal ) probabilistic networks is presented . the scheme is based on the framework of lauritzen and spiegelhalter ( 1988 ), and may be viewed as a generalization of the inference methods of classical time - series analysis in the sense that it allows description of non - linear , multivariate dynamic systems with complex conditional independence structures . further , the scheme p ←
→ can an organism adapt itself to unforeseen circumstances ? ; a model of an organism as an autonomous intelligent system has been proposed . this model was used to analyze learning of an organism in various environmental conditions . processes of learning were divided into two types : strong and weak processes taking place in the absence and the presence of aprioristic information about an object respectively . weak learning is synonymous to adaptation when aprioristic programs already available in a system ( an o ←
→ guided cost learning : deep inverse optimal control via policy optimization ; reinforcement learning can acquire complex behaviors from high - level specifications . however , defining a cost function that can be optimized effectively and encodes the correct task is challenging in practice . we explore how inverse optimal control ( ioc ) can be used to learn behaviors from demonstrations , with applications to torque control of high - dimensional robotic systems . our method addresses two key challenges in inverse op ←
→ gravitational clustering ; the downfall of many supervised learning algorithms , such as neural networks , is the inherent need for a large amount of training data . although there is a lot of buzz about big data , there is still the problem of doing classification from a small dataset . other methods such as support vector machines , although capable of dealing with few samples , are inherently binary classifiers , and are in need of learning strategies such as one vs all in the case of multi - classification . in th ←
→ competitive safety analysis : robust decision - making in multi - agent systems ; much work in ai deals with the selection of proper actions in a given ( known or unknown ) environment . however , the way to select a proper action when facing other agents is quite unclear . most work in ai adopts classical game - theoretic equilibrium analysis to predict agent behavior in such settings . this approach however does not provide us with any guarantee for the agent . in this paper we introduce competitive safety analysis . ←
→ generalization and robustness of batched weighted average algorithm with v - geometrically ergodic markov data ; we analyze the generalization and robustness of the batched weighted average algorithm for v - geometrically ergodic markov data . this algorithm is a good alternative to the empirical risk minimization algorithm when the latter suffers from overfitting or when optimizing the empirical risk is hard . for the generalization of the algorithm , we prove a pac - style bound on the training sample size for t ←
→ fuzzy approach to critical bus ranking under normal and line outage contingencies ; identification of critical or weak buses for a given operating condition is an important task in the load dispatch centre . it has become more vital in view of the threat of voltage instability leading to voltage collapse . this paper presents a fuzzy approach for ranking critical buses in a power system under normal and network contingencies based on line flow index and voltage profiles at load buses . the line flow index de ←
→ one model to rule them all : multitask and multilingual modelling for lexical analysis ; when learning a new skill , you take advantage of your preexisting skills and knowledge . for instance , if you are a skilled violinist , you will likely have an easier time learning to play cello . similarly , when learning a new language you take advantage of the languages you already speak . for instance , if your native language is norwegian and you decide to learn dutch , the lexical overlap between these two languages wil ←
→ pixel - level alignment of facial images for high accuracy recognition using ensemble of patches ; the variation of pose , illumination and expression makes face recognition still a challenging problem . as a pre - processing in holistic approaches , faces are usually aligned by eyes . the proposed method tries to perform a pixel alignment rather than eye - alignment by mapping the geometry of faces to a reference face while keeping their own textures . the proposed geometry alignment not only creates a meaningful c ←
→" minimal defence ": a refinement of the preferred semantics for argumentation frameworks ; dung ' s abstract framework for argumentation enables a study of the interactions between arguments based solely on an `` attack '' binary relation on the set of arguments . various ways to solve conflicts between contradictory pieces of information have been proposed in the context of argumentation , nonmonotonic reasoning or logic programming , and can be captured by appropriate semantics within dung ' s framework . a common ←
→ femoral rois and entropy for texture - based detection of osteoarthritis from high - resolution knee radiographs ; the relationship between knee osteoarthritis progression and changes in tibial bone structure has long been recognized and various texture descriptors have been proposed to detect early osteoarthritis ( oa ) from radiographs . this work aims to investigate ( 1 ) femoral textures as an oa indicator and ( 2 ) the potential of entropy as a computationally efficient alternative to established texture descri ←
→ natural language processing with small feed - forward networks ; we show that small and shallow feed - forward neural networks can achieve near state - of - the - art results on a range of unstructured and structured language processing tasks while being considerably cheaper in memory and computational requirements than deep recurrent models . motivated by resource - constrained environments like mobile phones , we showcase simple techniques for obtaining such small neural network models , and investigate different tradeo ←
→ computational model to generate case - inflected forms of masculine nouns for word search in sanskrit e - text ; the problem of word search in sanskrit is inseparable from complexities that include those caused by euphonic conjunctions and case - inflections . the case - inflectional forms of a noun normally number 24 owing to the fact that in sanskrit there are eight cases and three numbers - singular , dual and plural . the traditional method of generating these inflectional forms is rather elaborate owing to the fa ←
→ condition monitoring of hv bushings in the presence of missing data using evolutionary computing ; the work proposes the application of neural networks with particle swarm optimisation ( pso ) and genetic algorithms ( ga ) to compensate for missing data in classifying high voltage bushings . the classification is done using dga data from 60966 bushings based on ieeec57 . 104 , iec599 and ieee production rates methods for oil impregnated paper ( oip ) bushings . pso and ga were compared in terms of accuracy and compu ←
→ comet : a recipe for learning and using large ensembles on massive data ; comet is a single - pass mapreduce algorithm for learning on large - scale data . it builds multiple random forest ensembles on distributed blocks of data and merges them into a mega - ensemble . this approach is appropriate when learning from massive - scale data that is too large to fit on a single machine . to get the best accuracy , ivoting should be used instead of bagging to generate the training subset for each decision tree in the random f ←
→ the missing ones : key ingredients towards effective ambient assisted living systems ; the population of elderly people keeps increasing rapidly , which becomes a predominant aspect of our societies . as such , solutions both efficacious and cost - effective need to be sought . ambient assisted living ( aal ) is a new approach which promises to address the needs from elderly people . in this paper , we claim that human participation is a key ingredient towards effective aal systems , which not only saves social resou ←
→ testing visual attention in dynamic environments ; we investigate attention as the active pursuit of useful information . this contrasts with attention as a mechanism for the attenuation of irrelevant information . we also consider the role of short - term memory , whose use is critical to any model incapable of simultaneously perceiving all information on which its output depends . we present several simple synthetic tasks , which become considerably more interesting when we impose strong constraints on how a mod ←
→ memory visualization for gated recurrent neural networks in speech recognition ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have shown clear superiority in sequence modeling , particularly the ones with gated units , such as long short - term memory ( lstm ) and gated recurrent unit ( gru ). however , the dynamic properties behind the remarkable performance remain unclear in many applications , e . g ., automatic speech recognition ( asr ). this paper employs visualization techniques to study the behavior of lstm and gru when per ←
→ a generative word embedding model and its low rank positive semidefinite solution ; most existing word embedding methods can be categorized into neural embedding models and matrix factorization ( mf )- based methods . however some models are opaque to probabilistic interpretation , and mf - based methods , typically solved using singular value decomposition ( svd ), may incur loss of corpus information . in addition , it is desirable to incorporate global latent factors , such as topics , sentiments or writing styles , ←
→ higher - order quantum - inspired genetic algorithms ; this paper presents a theory and an empirical evaluation of higher - order quantum - inspired genetic algorithms . fundamental notions of the theory have been introduced , and a novel order - 2 quantum - inspired genetic algorithm ( qiga2 ) has been presented . contrary to all qiga algorithms which represent quantum genes as independent qubits , in higher - order qigas quantum registers are used to represent genes strings which allows modelling of genes relations using qua ←
→ dynamic discovery of type classes and relations in semantic web data ; the continuing development of semantic web technologies and the increasing user adoption in the recent years have accelerated the progress incorporating explicit semantics with data on the web . with the rapidly growing rdf ( resource description framework ) data on the semantic web , processing large semantic graph data have become more challenging . constructing a summary graph structure from the raw rdf can help obtain semantic type relati ←
→ a3t : adversarially augmented adversarial training ; recent research showed that deep neural networks are highly sensitive to so - called adversarial perturbations , which are tiny perturbations of the input data purposely designed to fool a machine learning classifier . most classification models , including deep learning models , are highly vulnerable to adversarial attacks . in this work , we investigate a procedure to improve adversarial robustness of deep neural networks through enforcing representation invaria ←
→ interpreting social cues to generate credible affective reactions of virtual job interviewers ; in this paper we describe a mechanism of generating credible affective reactions in a virtual recruiter during an interaction with a user . this is done using communicative performance computation based on the behaviours of the user as detected by a recognition module . the proposed software pipeline is part of the tardis system which aims to aid young job seekers in acquiring job interview related social skills .←
→ a mixture cox - logistic model for feature selection from survival and classification data ; this paper presents an original approach for jointly fitting survival times and classifying samples into subgroups . the coxlogit model is a generalized linear model with a common set of selected features for both tasks . survival times and class labels are here assumed to be conditioned by a common risk score which depends on those features . learning is then naturally expressed as maximizing the joint probability of ←
→ transrev : modeling reviews as translations from users to items ; the text of a review expresses the sentiment a customer has towards a particular product . this is exploited in sentiment analysis where machine learning models are used to predict the review score from the text of the review . furthermore , the products costumers have purchased in the past are indicative of the products they will purchase in the future . this is what recommender systems exploit by learning models from purchase information to pred ←
→ targeted matrix completion ; matrix completion is a problem that arises in many data - analysis settings where the input consists of a partially - observed matrix ( e . g ., recommender systems , traffic matrix analysis etc .). classical approaches to matrix completion assume that the input partially - observed matrix is low rank . the success of these methods depends on the number of observed entries and the rank of the matrix ; the larger the rank , the more entries need to be observed in order to accurately complete th ←
→ tensor svd : statistical and computational limits ; in this paper , we propose a general framework for tensor singular value decomposition ( tensor svd ), which focuses on the methodology and theory for extracting the hidden low - rank structure from high - dimensional tensor data . comprehensive results are developed on both the statistical and computational limits for tensor svd . this problem exhibits three different phases according to the signal - noise - ratio ( snr ). in particular , with strong snr , we show that the ←
→ computer vision for autonomous vehicles : problems , datasets and state - of - the - art ; recent years have witnessed amazing progress in ai related fields such as computer vision , machine learning and autonomous vehicles . as with any rapidly growing field , however , it becomes increasingly difficult to stay up - to - date or enter the field as a beginner . while several topic specific survey papers have been written , to date no general survey on problems , datasets and methods in computer vision for autonomous vehicle ←
→ quilting stochastic kronecker product graphs to generate multiplicative attribute graphs ; we describe the first sub - quadratic sampling algorithm for the multiplicative attribute graph model ( magm ) of kim and leskovec ( 2010 ). we exploit the close connection between magm and the kronecker product graph model ( kpgm ) of leskovec et al . ( 2010 ), and show that to sample a graph from a magm it suffices to sample small number of kpgm graphs and \ emph { quilt } them together . under a restricted set of technical condi ←
→ hierarchical model for long - term video prediction ; video prediction has been an active topic of research in the past few years . many algorithms focus on pixel - level predictions , which generates results that blur and disintegrate within a few frames . in this project , we use a hierarchical approach for long - term video prediction . we aim at estimating high - level structure in the input frame first , then predict how that structure grows in the future . finally , we use an image analogy network to recover a realis ←
→ sparsely connected convolutional networks ; residual learning with skip connections permits training ultra - deep neural networks and obtains superb performance . building in this direction , densenets proposed a dense connection structure where each layer is directly connected to all of its predecessors . the densely connected structure leads to better information flow and feature reuse . however , the overly dense skip connections also bring about the problems of potential risk of overfitting , parameter redundan ←
→ the voynich manuscript is written in natural language : the pahlavi hypothesis ; the late medieval voynich manuscript ( vm ) has resisted decryption and was considered a meaningless hoax or an unsolvable cipher . here , we provide evidence that the vm is written in natural language by establishing a relation of the voynich alphabet and the iranian pahlavi script . many of the voynich characters are upside - down versions of their pahlavi counterparts , which may be an effect of different writing directions . other ←
→ a multi - objective deep reinforcement learning framework ; this paper presents a new multi - objective deep reinforcement learning ( modrl ) framework based on deep q - networks . we propose linear and non - linear methods to develop the modrl framework that includes both single - policy and multi - policy strategies . the experimental results on a deep sea treasure environment indicate that the proposed approach is able to converge to the optimal pareto solutions . the proposed framework is generic , which allows implement ←
→ laplacian mixture modeling for network analysis and unsupervised learning on graphs ; laplacian mixture models identify overlapping regions of influence in unlabeled graph and network data in a scalable and computationally efficient way , yielding useful low - dimensional representations . by combining laplacian eigenspace and finite mixture modeling methods , they provide probabilistic dimensionality reductions or domain decompositions for a variety of input data types , including mixture distributions , featur ←
→ linguistically regularized lstms for sentiment classification ; sentiment understanding has been a long - term goal of ai in the past decades . this paper deals with sentence - level sentiment classification . though a variety of neural network models have been proposed very recently , however , previous models either depend on expensive phrase - level annotation , whose performance drops substantially when trained with only sentence - level annotation ; or do not fully employ linguistic resources ( e . g ., sentiment lexico ←
→ how to construct deep recurrent neural networks ; in this paper , we explore different ways to extend a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) to a \ textit { deep } rnn . we start by arguing that the concept of depth in an rnn is not as clear as it is in feedforward neural networks . by carefully analyzing and understanding the architecture of an rnn , however , we find three points of an rnn which may be made deeper ; ( 1 ) input - to - hidden function , ( 2 ) hidden - to - hidden transition and ( 3 ) hidden - to - output function . based on ←
→ task - specific word - clustering for part - of - speech tagging ; while the use of cluster features became ubiquitous in core nlp tasks , most cluster features in nlp are based on distributional similarity . we propose a new type of clustering criteria , specific to the task of part - of - speech tagging . instead of distributional similarity , these clusters are based on the beha vior of a baseline tagger when applied to a large corpus . these cluster features provide similar gains in accuracy to those achieved by distribu ←
→ decentralized data fusion and active sensing with mobile sensors for modeling and predicting spatiotemporal traffic phenomena ; the problem of modeling and predicting spatiotemporal traffic phenomena over an urban road network is important to many traffic applications such as detecting and forecasting congestion hotspots . this paper presents a decentralized data fusion and active sensing ( d2fas ) algorithm for mobile sensors to actively explore the road network to gather and assimilate the most informative ←
→ deep tensor convolution on multicores ; deep convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) of 3 - dimensional kernels allow joint modeling of spatiotemporal features . these networks have improved performance of video and volumetric image analysis , but have been limited in size due to the low memory ceiling of gpu hardware . existing cpu implementations overcome this constraint but are impractically slow . here we extend and optimize the faster winograd - class of convolutional algorithms to the $ n $- dimensional case an ←
→ constant - time predictive distributions for gaussian processes ; one of the most compelling features of gaussian process ( gp ) regression is its ability to provide well calibrated posterior distributions . recent advances in inducing point methods have drastically sped up marginal likelihood and posterior mean computations , leaving posterior covariance estimation and sampling as the remaining computational bottlenecks . in this paper we address this shortcoming by using the lanczos decomposition algorithm to ra ←
→ speeding up sat solver by exploring cnf symmetries : revisited ; boolean satisfiability solvers have gone through dramatic improvements in their performances and scalability over the last few years by considering symmetries . it has been shown that by using graph symmetries and generating symmetry breaking predicates ( sbps ) it is possible to break symmetries in conjunctive normal form ( cnf ). the sbps cut down the search space to the nonsymmetric regions of the space without affecting the satisfiability of th ←
→ spikes : superpixel - keypoints structure for robust visual tracking ; in visual tracking , part - based trackers are attractive since they are robust against occlusion and deformation . however , a part represented by a rectangular patch does not account for the shape of the target , while a superpixel does thanks to its boundary evidence . nevertheless , tracking superpixels is difficult due to their lack of discriminative power . therefore , to enable superpixels to be tracked discriminatively as object parts , we pro ←
→ conditional plausibility measures and bayesian networks ; a general notion of algebraic conditional plausibility measures is defined . probability measures , ranking functions , possibility measures , and ( under the appropriate definitions ) sets of probability measures can all be viewed as defining algebraic conditional plausibility measures . it is shown that algebraic conditional plausibility measures can be represented using bayesian networks .←
→ approximate lesion localization in dermoscopy images ; background : dermoscopy is one of the major imaging modalities used in the diagnosis of melanoma and other pigmented skin lesions . due to the difficulty and subjectivity of human interpretation , automated analysis of dermoscopy images has become an important research area . border detection is often the first step in this analysis . methods : in this article , we present an approximate lesion localization method that serves as a preprocessing step for detect ←
→ les noms propres se traduisent - ils ? étude d ' un corpus multilingue ; in this paper , we tackle the problem of the translation of proper names . we introduce our hypothesis according to which proper names can be translated more often than most people seem to think . then , we describe the construction of a parallel multilingual corpus used to illustrate our point . we eventually evaluate both the advantages and limits of this corpus in our study .←
→ lifelong metric learning ; the state - of - the - art online learning approaches are only capable of learning the metric for predefined tasks . in this paper , we consider lifelong learning problem to mimic " human learning ", i . e ., endowing a new capability to the learned metric for a new task from new online samples and incorporating previous experiences and knowledge . therefore , we propose a new metric learning framework : lifelong metric learning ( lml ), which only utilizes the data of the new task to train the met ←
→ a theoretical basis for efficient computations with noisy spiking neurons ; network of neurons in the brain apply - unlike processors in our current generation of computer hardware - an event - based processing strategy , where short pulses ( spikes ) are emitted sparsely by neurons to signal the occurrence of an event at a particular point in time . such spike - based computations promise to be substantially more power - efficient than traditional clocked processing schemes . however it turned out to be surprisingl ←
→ quadratic upper bound for recursive teaching dimension of finite vc classes ; in this work we study the quantitative relation between the recursive teaching dimension ( rtd ) and the vc dimension ( vcd ) of concept classes of finite sizes . the rtd of a concept class $\ mathcal c \ subseteq \{ 0 , 1 \}^ n $, introduced by zilles et al . ( 2011 ), is a combinatorial complexity measure characterized by the worst - case number of examples necessary to identify a concept in $\ mathcal c $ according to the recursive teaching mod ←
→ how much chemistry does a deep neural network need to know to make accurate predictions ? ; the meteoric rise of deep learning models in computer vision research , having achieved human - level accuracy in image recognition tasks is firm evidence of the impact of representation learning of deep neural networks . in the chemistry domain , recent advances have also led to the development of similar cnn models , such as chemception , that is trained to predict chemical properties using images of molecular drawings . ←
→ a cognitive architecture for the implementation of emotions in computing systems ; in this paper we present a new neurobiologically - inspired affective cognitive architecture : neucogar ( neuromodulating cognitive architecture ). the objective of neucogar is the identification of a mapping from the influence of serotonin , dopamine and noradrenaline to the computing processes based on von neuman ' s architecture , in order to implement affective phenomena which can operate on the turing ' s machine model . as basis ←
→ increasing linear dynamic range of commercial digital photocamera used in imaging systems with optical coding ; methods of increasing linear optical dynamic range of commercial photocamera for optical - digital imaging systems are described . use of such methods allows to use commercial photocameras for optical measurements . experimental results are reported .←
→ logical fuzzy optimization ; we present a logical framework to represent and reason about fuzzy optimization problems based on fuzzy answer set optimization programming . this is accomplished by allowing fuzzy optimization aggregates , e . g ., minimum and maximum in the language of fuzzy answer set optimization programming to allow minimization or maximization of some desired criteria under fuzzy environments . we show the application of the proposed logical fuzzy optimization framework under the fuzzy answer se ←
→ visual and semantic interpretability of projections of high dimensional data for classification tasks ; a number of visual quality measures have been introduced in visual analytics literature in order to automatically select the best views of high dimensional data from a large number of candidate data projections . these methods generally concentrate on the interpretability of the visualization and pay little attention to the interpretability of the projection axes . in this paper , we argue that interpretab ←
→ google ' s cloud vision api is not robust to noise ; google has recently introduced the cloud vision api for image analysis . according to the demonstration website , the api " quickly classifies images into thousands of categories , detects individual objects and faces within images , and finds and reads printed words contained within images ." it can be also used to " detect different types of inappropriate content from adult to violent content ." in this paper , we evaluate the robustness of google cloud vision a ←
→ on the convergent properties of word embedding methods ; do word embeddings converge to learn similar things over different initializations ? how repeatable are experiments with word embeddings ? are all word embedding techniques equally reliable ? in this paper we propose evaluating methods for learning word representations by their consistency across initializations . we propose a measure to quantify the similarity of the learned word representations under this setting ( where they are subject to different ran ←
→ text mixing shapes the anatomy of rank - frequency distributions : a modern zipfian mechanics for natural language ; natural languages are full of rules and exceptions . one of the most famous quantitative rules is zipf ' s law which states that the frequency of occurrence of a word is approximately inversely proportional to its rank . though this ` law ' of ranks has been found to hold across disparate texts and forms of data , analyses of increasingly large corpora over the last 15 years have revealed the existen ←
→ residual parameter transfer for deep domain adaptation ; the goal of deep domain adaptation is to make it possible to use deep nets trained in one domain where there is enough annotated training data in another where there is little or none . most current approaches have focused on learning feature representations that are invariant to the changes that occur when going from one domain to the other , which means using the same network parameters in both domains . while some recent algorithms explicitly model th ←
→ vietnamese semantic role labelling ; in this paper , we study semantic role labelling ( srl ), a subtask of semantic parsing of natural language sentences and its application for the vietnamese language . we present our effort in building vietnamese propbank , the first vietnamese srl corpus and a software system for labelling semantic roles of vietnamese texts . in particular , we present a novel constituent extraction algorithm in the argument candidate identification step which is more suitable and more accurat ←
→ self - organization of vocabularies under different interaction orders ; traditionally , the formation of vocabularies has been studied by agent - based models ( specially , the naming game ) in which random pairs of agents negotiate word - meaning associations at each discrete time step . this paper proposes a first approximation to a novel question : to what extent the negotiation of word - meaning associations is influenced by the order in which the individuals interact ? automata networks provide the adequate mathemat ←
→ fast convnets using group - wise brain damage ; we revisit the idea of brain damage , i . e . the pruning of the coefficients of a neural network , and suggest how brain damage can be modified and used to speedup convolutional layers . the approach uses the fact that many efficient implementations reduce generalized convolutions to matrix multiplications . the suggested brain damage process prunes the convolutional kernel tensor in a group - wise fashion by adding group - sparsity regularization to the standard training ←
→ undeepvo : monocular visual odometry through unsupervised deep learning ; we propose a novel monocular visual odometry ( vo ) system called undeepvo in this paper . undeepvo is able to estimate the 6 - dof pose of a monocular camera and the depth of its view by using deep neural networks . there are two salient features of the proposed undeepvo : one is the unsupervised deep learning scheme , and the other is the absolute scale recovery . specifically , we train undeepvo by using stereo image pairs to recover the scal ←
→ learning to paraphrase for question answering ; question answering ( qa ) systems are sensitive to the many different ways natural language expresses the same information need . in this paper we turn to paraphrases as a means of capturing this knowledge and present a general framework which learns felicitous paraphrases for various qa tasks . our method is trained end - to - end using question - answer pairs as a supervision signal . a question and its paraphrases serve as input to a neural scoring model which assigns ←
→ inverse reinforcement learning in swarm systems ; inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) has become a useful tool for learning behavioral models from demonstration data . however , irl remains mostly unexplored for multi - agent systems . in this paper , we show how the principle of irl can be extended to homogeneous large - scale problems , inspired by the collective swarming behavior of natural systems . in particular , we make the following contributions to the field : 1 ) we introduce the swarmdp framework , a sub - clas ←
→ geometric cross - modal comparison of heterogeneous sensor data ; in this work , we address the problem of cross - modal comparison of aerial data streams . a variety of simulated automobile trajectories are sensed using two different modalities : full - motion video , and radio - frequency ( rf ) signals received by detectors at various locations . the information represented by the two modalities is compared using self - similarity matrices ( ssms ) corresponding to time - ordered point clouds in feature spaces of each of the ←
→ on nonspecific evidence ; when simultaneously reasoning with evidences about several different events it is necessary to separate the evidence according to event . these events should then be handled independently . however , when propositions of evidences are weakly specified in the sense that it may not be certain to which event they are referring , this may not be directly possible . in this paper a criterion for partitioning evidences into subsets representing events is established . this criterion , derived f ←
→ renet : a recurrent neural network based alternative to convolutional networks ; in this paper , we propose a deep neural network architecture for object recognition based on recurrent neural networks . the proposed network , called renet , replaces the ubiquitous convolution + pooling layer of the deep convolutional neural network with four recurrent neural networks that sweep horizontally and vertically in both directions across the image . we evaluate the proposed renet on three widely - used benchmark datasets ;←
→ gaussian mixture embeddings for multiple word prototypes ; recently , word representation has been increasingly focused on for its excellent properties in representing the word semantics . previous works mainly suffer from the problem of polysemy phenomenon . to address this problem , most of previous models represent words as multiple distributed vectors . however , it cannot reflect the rich relations between words by representing words as points in the embedded space . in this paper , we propose the gaussian mix ←
→ learning to answer questions from image using convolutional neural network ; in this paper , we propose to employ the convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for the image question answering ( qa ). our proposed cnn provides an end - to - end framework with convolutional architectures for learning not only the image and question representations , but also their inter - modal interactions to produce the answer . more specifically , our model consists of three cnns : one image cnn to encode the image content , one sentence cn ←
→ yuanfudao at semeval - 2018 task 11 : three - way attention and relational knowledge for commonsense machine comprehension ; this paper describes our system for semeval - 2018 task 11 : machine comprehension using commonsense knowledge . we use three - way attentive networks ( trian ) to model interactions between the passage , question and answers . to incorporate commonsense knowledge , we augment input with relation embedding from the graph of general knowledge conceptnet ( speer et al ., 2017 ). as a result , our system ←
→ modeling multi - stage decision optimization problems ; multi - stage optimization under uncertainty techniques can be used to solve long - term management problems . although many optimization modeling language extensions as well as computational environments have been proposed , the acceptance of this technique is generally low , due to the inherent complexity of the modeling and solution process . in this paper a simplification to annotate multi - stage decision problems under uncertainty is presented - this simplif ←
→ a low dimensionality representation for language variety identification ; language variety identification aims at labelling texts in a native language ( e . g . spanish , portuguese , english ) with its specific variation ( e . g . argentina , chile , mexico , peru , spain ; brazil , portugal ; uk , us ). in this work we propose a low dimensionality representation ( ldr ) to address this task with five different varieties of spanish : argentina , chile , mexico , peru and spain . we compare our ldr method with common state - of - the - art ←
→ ultimate intelligence part iii : measures of intelligence , perception and intelligent agents ; we propose that operator induction serves as an adequate model of perception . we explain how to reduce universal agent models to operator induction . we propose a universal measure of operator induction fitness , and show how it can be used in a reinforcement learning model and a homeostasis ( self - preserving ) agent based on the free energy principle . we show that the action of the homeostasis agent can be explained ←
→ structure of a media co - occurrence network ; social networks have been of much interest in recent years . we here focus on a network structure derived from co - occurrences of people in traditional newspaper media . we find three clear deviations from what can be expected in a random graph . first , the average degree in the empirical network is much lower than expected , and the average weight of a link much higher than expected . secondly , high degree nodes attract disproportionately much weight . thirdly , relativ ←
→ finding consensus in speech recognition : word error minimization and other applications of confusion networks ; we describe a new framework for distilling information from word lattices to improve the accuracy of speech recognition and obtain a more perspicuous representation of a set of alternative hypotheses . in the standard map decoding approach the recognizer outputs the string of words corresponding to the path with the highest posterior probability given the acoustics and a language model . however , ←
→ an analysis of key factors for the success of the communal management of knowledge ; this paper explores the links between knowledge management and new community - based models of the organization from both a theoretical and an empirical perspective . from a theoretical standpoint , we look at communities of practice ( cops ) and knowledge management ( km ) and explore the links between the two as they relate to the use of information systems to manage knowledge . we begin by reviewing technologically supported ap ←
→ on architectural choices in deep learning : from network structure to gradient convergence and parameter estimation ; we study mechanisms to characterize how the asymptotic convergence of backpropagation in deep architectures , in general , is related to the network structure , and how it may be influenced by other design choices including activation type , denoising and dropout rate . we seek to analyze whether network architecture and input data statistics may guide the choices of learning parameters and vice ←
→ the loss rank criterion for variable selection in linear regression analysis ; lasso and other regularization procedures are attractive methods for variable selection , subject to a proper choice of shrinkage parameter . given a set of potential subsets produced by a regularization algorithm , a consistent model selection criterion is proposed to select the best one among this preselected set . the approach leads to a fast and efficient procedure for variable selection , especially in high - dimensional settings ←
→ mini - batch spectral clustering ; the cost of computing the spectrum of laplacian matrices hinders the application of spectral clustering to large data sets . while approximations recover computational tractability , they can potentially affect clustering performance . this paper proposes a practical approach to learn spectral clustering based on adaptive stochastic gradient optimization . crucially , the proposed approach recovers the exact spectrum of laplacian matrices in the limit of the iterations , and the c ←
→ spectral learning for supervised topic models ; supervised topic models simultaneously model the latent topic structure of large collections of documents and a response variable associated with each document . existing inference methods are based on variational approximation or monte carlo sampling , which often suffers from the local minimum defect . spectral methods have been applied to learn unsupervised topic models , such as latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ), with provable guarantees . this paper investigat ←
→ generalized root models : beyond pairwise graphical models for univariate exponential families ; we present a novel k - way high - dimensional graphical model called the generalized root model ( grm ) that explicitly models dependencies between variable sets of size k > 2 --- where k = 2 is the standard pairwise graphical model . this model is based on taking the k - th root of the original sufficient statistics of any univariate exponential family with positive sufficient statistics , including the poisson and expone ←
→ deepvoting : an explainable framework for semantic part detection under partial occlusion ; in this paper , we study the task of detecting semantic parts of an object . this is very important in computer vision , as it provides the possibility to parse an object as human do , and helps us better understand object detection algorithms . also , detecting semantic parts is very challenging especially when the parts are partially or fully occluded . in this scenario , the popular proposal - based methods like faster - rcn ←
→ aognets : deep and - or grammar networks for visual recognition ; this paper presents a method of learning deep and - or grammar ( aog ) networks for visual recognition , which we term aognets . an aognet consists of a number of stages each of which is composed of a number of aog building blocks . an aog building block is designed based on a principled and - or grammar and represented by a hierarchical and compositional and - or graph . each node applies some basic operation ( e . g ., conv - batchnorm - relu ) to its input . there ←
→ retrieval and clustering from a 3d human database based on body and head shape ; in this paper , we describe a framework for similarity based retrieval and clustering from a 3d human database . our technique is based on both body and head shape representation and the retrieval is based on similarity of both of them . the 3d human database used in our study is the caesar anthropometric database which contains approximately 5000 bodies . we have developed a web - based interface for specifying the queries to inte ←
→ cutting - off redundant repeating generations for neural abstractive summarization ; this paper tackles the reduction of redundant repeating generation that is often observed in rnn - based encoder - decoder models . our basic idea is to jointly estimate the upper - bound frequency of each target vocabulary in the encoder and control the output words based on the estimation in the decoder . our method shows significant improvement over a strong rnn - based encoder - decoder baseline and achieved its best results on an ←
→ the cross - depiction problem : computer vision algorithms for recognising objects in artwork and in photographs ; the cross - depiction problem is that of recognising visual objects regardless of whether they are photographed , painted , drawn , etc . it is a potentially significant yet under - researched problem . emulating the remarkable human ability to recognise objects in an astonishingly wide variety of depictive forms is likely to advance both the foundations and the applications of computer vision . in this ←
→ design of automatically adaptable web wrappers ; nowadays , the huge amount of information distributed through the web motivates studying techniques to be adopted in order to extract relevant data in an efficient and reliable way . both academia and enterprises developed several approaches of web data extraction , for example using techniques of artificial intelligence or machine learning . some commonly adopted procedures , namely wrappers , ensure a high degree of precision of information extracted from web pag ←
→ top rank optimization in linear time ; bipartite ranking aims to learn a real - valued ranking function that orders positive instances before negative instances . recent efforts of bipartite ranking are focused on optimizing ranking accuracy at the top of the ranked list . most existing approaches are either to optimize task specific metrics or to extend the ranking loss by emphasizing more on the error associated with the top ranked instances , leading to a high computational cost that is super - linear in the nu ←
→ using neural networks to improve classical operating system fingerprinting techniques ; we present remote operating system detection as an inference problem : given a set of observations ( the target host responses to a set of tests ), we want to infer the os type which most probably generated these observations . classical techniques used to perform this analysis present several limitations . to improve the analysis , we have developed tools using neural networks and statistics tools . we present two working mo ←
→ measuring praise and criticism : inference of semantic orientation from association ; the evaluative character of a word is called its semantic orientation . positive semantic orientation indicates praise ( e . g ., " honest ", " intrepid ") and negative semantic orientation indicates criticism ( e . g ., " disturbing ", " superfluous "). semantic orientation varies in both direction ( positive or negative ) and degree ( mild to strong ). an automated system for measuring semantic orientation would have application in text cla ←
→ the shortest way to visit all metro lines in paris ; what if $\{$ a tourist , a train addict , dr . sheldon cooper , somebody who likes to waste time $\}$ wants to visit all metro lines or carriages in a given network in a minimum number of steps ? we study this problem with an application to the parisian metro network and propose optimal solutions thanks to mathematical programming tools . quite surprisingly , it appears that you can visit all 16 parisian metro lines in only 26 steps ( we denote by a step the act of ←
→ free form based active contours for image segmentation and free space perception ; in this paper we present a novel approach for representing and evolving deformable active contours . the method combines piecewise regular b {\' e } zier models and curve evolution defined by local free form deformation . the contour deformation is locally constrained which allows contour convergence with almost linear complexity while adapting to various shape settings and handling topology changes of the active contour . we de ←
→ a unified framework for stochastic matrix factorization via variance reduction ; we propose a unified framework to speed up the existing stochastic matrix factorization ( smf ) algorithms via variance reduction . our framework is general and it subsumes several well - known smf formulations in the literature . we perform a non - asymptotic convergence analysis of our framework and derive computational and sample complexities for our algorithm to converge to an $\ epsilon $- stationary point in expectation . in additi ←
→ cross - domain transfer in reinforcement learning using target apprentice ; in this paper , we present a new approach to transfer learning ( tl ) in reinforcement learning ( rl ) for cross - domain tasks . many of the available techniques approach the transfer architecture as a method of speeding up the target task learning . we propose to adapt and reuse the mapped source task optimal - policy directly in related domains . we show the optimal policy from a related source task can be near optimal in target domain provide ←
→ state space decomposition and subgoal creation for transfer in deep reinforcement learning ; typical reinforcement learning ( rl ) agents learn to complete tasks specified by reward functions tailored to their domain . as such , the policies they learn do not generalize even to similar domains . to address this issue , we develop a framework through which a deep rl agent learns to generalize policies from smaller , simpler domains to more complex ones using a recurrent attention mechanism . the task is presented ←
→ quantifying creativity in art networks ; can we develop a computer algorithm that assesses the creativity of a painting given its context within art history ? this paper proposes a novel computational framework for assessing the creativity of creative products , such as paintings , sculptures , poetry , etc . we use the most common definition of creativity , which emphasizes the originality of the product and its influential value . the proposed computational framework is based on constructing a network between cre ←
→ real - time semantic segmentation of crop and weed for precision agriculture robots leveraging background knowledge in cnns ; precision farming robots , which target to reduce the amount of herbicides that need to be brought out in the fields , must have the ability to identify crops and weeds in real time to trigger weeding actions . in this paper , we address the problem of cnn - based semantic segmentation of crop fields separating sugar beet plants , weeds , and background solely based on rgb data . we propose a ←
→ robust multi - camera view face recognition ; this paper presents multi - appearance fusion of principal component analysis ( pca ) and generalization of linear discriminant analysis ( lda ) for multi - camera view offline face recognition ( verification ) system . the generalization of lda has been extended to establish correlations between the face classes in the transformed representation and this is called canonical covariate . the proposed system uses gabor filter banks for characterization of facial features by spa ←
→ bayesian representation learning with oracle constraints ; representation learning systems typically rely on massive amounts of labeled data in order to be trained to high accuracy . recently , high - dimensional parametric models like neural networks have succeeded in building rich representations using either compressive , reconstructive or supervised criteria . however , the semantic structure inherent in observations is oftentimes lost in the process . human perception excels at understanding semantics but cann ←
→ saliency detection for stereoscopic images based on depth confidence analysis and multiple cues fusion ; stereoscopic perception is an important part of human visual system that allows the brain to perceive depth . however , depth information has not been well explored in existing saliency detection models . in this letter , a novel saliency detection method for stereoscopic images is proposed . firstly , we propose a measure to evaluate the reliability of depth map , and use it to reduce the influence of poor d ←
→ hierarchical surface prediction for 3d object reconstruction ; recently , convolutional neural networks have shown promising results for 3d geometry prediction . they can make predictions from very little input data such as a single color image . a major limitation of such approaches is that they only predict a coarse resolution voxel grid , which does not capture the surface of the objects well . we propose a general framework , called hierarchical surface prediction ( hsp ), which facilitates prediction of high r ←
→ recovering non - negative and combined sparse representations ; the non - negative solution to an underdetermined linear system can be uniquely recovered sometimes , even without imposing any additional sparsity constraints . in this paper , we derive conditions under which a unique non - negative solution for such a system can exist , based on the theory of polytopes . furthermore , we develop the paradigm of combined sparse representations , where only a part of the coefficient vector is constrained to be non - negative ←
→ an effective edge -- directed frequency filter for removal of aliasing in upsampled images ; raster images can have a range of various distortions connected to their raster structure . upsampling them might in effect substantially yield the raster structure of the original image , known as aliasing . the upsampling itself may introduce aliasing into the upsampled image as well . the presented method attempts to remove the aliasing using frequency filters based on the discrete fast fourier transform , and applied ←
→ diffusion least mean square : simulations ; in this technical report we analyse the performance of diffusion strategies applied to the least - mean - square adaptive filter . we configure a network of cooperative agents running adaptive filters and discuss their behaviour when compared with a non - cooperative agent which represents the average of the network . the analysis provides conditions under which diversity in the filter parameters is beneficial in terms of convergence and stability . simulations drive and su ←
→ training and testing object detectors with virtual images ; in the area of computer vision , deep learning has produced a variety of state - of - the - art models that rely on massive labeled data . however , collecting and annotating images from the real world has a great demand for labor and money investments and is usually too passive to build datasets with specific characteristics , such as small area of objects and high occlusion level . under the framework of parallel vision , this paper presents a purposeful way ←
→ data mining of the concept " end of the world " in twitter microblogs ; this paper describes the analysis of quantitative characteristics of frequent sets and association rules in the posts of twitter microblogs , related to the discussion of " end of the world ", which was allegedly predicted on december 21 , 2012 due to the mayan calendar . discovered frequent sets and association rules characterize semantic relations between the concepts of analyzed subjects . the support for some fequent sets reaches the global ←
→ a2 - rl : aesthetics aware reinforcement learning for image cropping ; image cropping aims at improving the aesthetic quality of images by adjusting their composition . most weakly supervised cropping methods ( without bounding box supervision ) rely on the sliding window mechanism . the sliding window mechanism requires fixed aspect ratios and limits the cropping region with arbitrary size . moreover , the sliding window method usually produces tens of thousands of windows on the input image which is very time - cons ←
→ lstm based conversation models ; in this paper , we present a conversational model that incorporates both context and participant role for two - party conversations . different architectures are explored for integrating participant role and context information into a long short - term memory ( lstm ) language model . the conversational model can function as a language model or a language generation model . experiments on the ubuntu dialog corpus show that our model can capture multiple turn interaction between partic ←
→ synthesizing deep neural network architectures using biological synaptic strength distributions ; in this work , we perform an exploratory study on synthesizing deep neural networks using biological synaptic strength distributions , and the potential influence of different distributions on modelling performance particularly for the scenario associated with small data sets . surprisingly , a cnn with convolutional layer synaptic strengths drawn from biologically - inspired distributions such as log - normal or cor ←
→ convolutional neural networks on graphs with fast localized spectral filtering ; in this work , we are interested in generalizing convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) from low - dimensional regular grids , where image , video and speech are represented , to high - dimensional irregular domains , such as social networks , brain connectomes or words ' embedding , represented by graphs . we present a formulation of cnns in the context of spectral graph theory , which provides the necessary mathematical background and effi ←
→ image retrieval using histogram factorization and contextual similarity learning ; image retrieval has been a top topic in the field of both computer vision and machine learning for a long time . content based image retrieval , which tries to retrieve images from a database visually similar to a query image , has attracted much attention . two most important issues of image retrieval are the representation and ranking of the images . recently , bag - of - words based method has shown its power as a representation m ←
→ deep learning : a bayesian perspective ; deep learning is a form of machine learning for nonlinear high dimensional pattern matching and prediction . by taking a bayesian probabilistic perspective , we provide a number of insights into more efficient algorithms for optimisation and hyper - parameter tuning . traditional high - dimensional data reduction techniques , such as principal component analysis ( pca ), partial least squares ( pls ), reduced rank regression ( rrr ), projection pursuit regression ( ppr ) are all show ←
→ bayesian efficient multiple kernel learning ; multiple kernel learning algorithms are proposed to combine kernels in order to obtain a better similarity measure or to integrate feature representations coming from different data sources . most of the previous research on such methods is focused on the computational efficiency issue . however , it is still not feasible to combine many kernels using existing bayesian approaches due to their high time complexity . we propose a fully conjugate bayesian formulation a ←
→ 1 - hkust : object detection in ilsvrc 2014 ; the imagenet large scale visual recognition challenge ( ilsvrc ) is the one of the most important big data challenges to date . we participated in the object detection track of ilsvrc 2014 and received the fourth place among the 38 teams . we introduce in our object detection system a number of novel techniques in localization and recognition . for localization , initial candidate proposals are generated using selective search , and a novel bounding boxes regression metho ←
→ mug : a parameterless no - reference jpeg quality evaluator robust to block size and misalignment ; in this letter , a very simple no - reference image quality assessment ( nr - iqa ) model for jpeg compressed images is proposed . the proposed metric called median of unique gradients ( mug ) is based on the very simple facts of unique gradient magnitudes of jpeg compressed images . mug is a parameterless metric and does not need training . unlike other nr - iqas , mug is independent to block size and cropping . a more stabl ←
→ joint gender classification and age estimation by nearly orthogonalizing their semantic spaces ; in human face - based biometrics , gender classification and age estimation are two typical learning tasks . although a variety of approaches have been proposed to handle them , just a few of them are solved jointly , even so , these joint methods do not yet specifically concern the semantic difference between human gender and age , which is intuitively helpful for joint learning , consequently leaving us a room of fur ←
→ feature selection via simultaneous sparse approximation for person specific face verification ; there is an increasing use of some imperceivable and redundant local features for face recognition . while only a relatively small fraction of them is relevant to the final recognition task , the feature selection is a crucial and necessary step to select the most discriminant ones to obtain a compact face representation . in this paper , we investigate the sparsity - enforced regularization - based feature selection m ←
→ optimizing interactive systems with data - driven objectives ; effective optimization is essential for interactive systems to provide a satisfactory user experience . however , it is often challenging to find an objective to optimize for . generally , such objectives are manually crafted and rarely capture complex user needs accurately . conversely , we propose an approach that infers the objective directly from observed user interactions . these inferences can be made regardless of prior knowledge and across differ ←
→ a sequence - to - sequence model for user simulation in spoken dialogue systems ; user simulation is essential for generating enough data to train a statistical spoken dialogue system . previous models for user simulation suffer from several drawbacks , such as the inability to take dialogue history into account , the need of rigid structure to ensure coherent user behaviour , heavy dependence on a specific domain , the inability to output several user intentions during one dialogue turn , or the requirement of a s ←
→ live intrinsic material estimation ; we present the first end - to - end approach for real - time material estimation for general object shapes that only requires a single color image as input . in addition to lambertian surface properties , our approach fully automatically computes the specular albedo , material shininess , and a foreground segmentation . we tackle this challenging and ill - posed inverse rendering problem using recent advances in image - to - image translation techniques based on deep convolutional encode ←
→ efficient image - space extraction and representation of 3d surface topography ; surface topography refers to the geometric micro - structure of a surface and defines its tactile characteristics ( typically in the sub - millimeter range ). high - resolution 3d scanning techniques developed recently enable the 3d reconstruction of surfaces including their surface topography . in his paper , we present an efficient image - space technique for the extraction of surface topography from high - resolution 3d reconstructions . a ←
→ a generative model for natural sounds based on latent force modelling ; recent advances in analysis of subband amplitude envelopes of natural sounds have resulted in convincing synthesis , showing subband amplitudes to be a crucial component of perception . probabilistic latent variable analysis is particularly revealing , but existing approaches don ' t incorporate prior knowledge about the physical behaviour of amplitude envelopes , such as exponential decay and feedback . we use latent force modelling , a probab ←
→ clustering by descending to the nearest neighbor in the delaunay graph space ; in our previous works , we proposed a physically - inspired rule to organize the data points into an in - tree ( it ) structure , in which some undesired edges are allowed to occur . by removing those undesired or redundant edges , this it structure is divided into several separate parts , each representing one cluster . in this work , we seek to prevent the undesired edges from arising at the source . before using the physically - inspired ru ←
→ spatially - varying blur detection based on multiscale fused and sorted transform coefficients of gradient magnitudes ; the detection of spatially - varying blur without having any information about the blur type is a challenging task . in this paper , we propose a novel effective approach to address the blur detection problem from a single image without requiring any knowledge about the blur type , level , or camera settings . our approach computes blur detection maps based on a novel high - frequency multiscale fu ←
→ biomedical term normalization of ehrs with umls ; this paper presents a novel prototype for biomedical term normalization of electronic health record excerpts with the unified medical language system ( umls ) metathesaurus . despite being multilingual and cross - lingual by design , we first focus on processing clinical text in spanish because there is no existing tool for this language and for this specific purpose . the tool is based on apache lucene to index the metathesaurus and generate mapping candidates fro ←
→ computing large and small stable models ; in this paper , we focus on the problem of existence and computing of small and large stable models . we show that for every fixed integer k , there is a linear - time algorithm to decide the problem lsm ( large stable models problem ): does a logic program p have a stable model of size at least | p |- k . in contrast , we show that the problem ssm ( small stable models problem ) to decide whether a logic program p has a stable model of size at most k is much harder . we present t ←
→ exploitation of semantic keywords for malicious event classification ; learning an event classifier is challenging when the scenes are semantically different but visually similar . however , as humans , we typically handle such tasks painlessly by adding our background semantic knowledge . motivated by this observation , we aim to provide an empirical study about how additional information such as semantic keywords can boost up the discrimination of such events . to demonstrate the validity of this study , we firs ←
→ non - elitist genetic algorithm as a local search method ; sufficient conditions are found under which the iterated non - elitist genetic algorithm with tournament selection first visits a local optimum in polynomially bounded time on average . it is shown that these conditions are satisfied on a class of problems with guaranteed local optima ( glo ) if appropriate parameters of the algorithm are chosen .←
→ convolutional neural network - based image representation for visual loop closure detection ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have recently been shown in many computer vision and pattern recog - nition applications to outperform by a significant margin state - of - the - art solutions that use traditional hand - crafted features . however , this impressive performance is yet to be fully exploited in robotics . in this paper , we focus one specific problem that can benefit from the recent development of the cnn ←
→ latent human traits in the language of social media : an open - vocabulary approach ; over the past century , personality theory and research has successfully identified core sets of characteristics that consistently describe and explain fundamental differences in the way people think , feel and behave . such characteristics were derived through theory , dictionary analyses , and survey research using explicit self - reports . the availability of social media data spanning millions of users now makes it possible to ←
→ fine - grained recognition in the noisy wild : sensitivity analysis of convolutional neural networks approaches ; in this paper , we study the sensitivity of cnn outputs with respect to image transformations and noise in the area of fine - grained recognition . in particular , we answer the following questions ( 1 ) how sensitive are cnns with respect to image transformations encountered during wild image capture ?; ( 2 ) how can we predict cnn sensitivity ?; and ( 3 ) can we increase the robustness of cnns with respect ←
→ a resilient image matching method with an affine invariant feature detector and descriptor ; image feature matching is to seek , localize and identify the similarities across the images . the matched local features between different images can indicate the similarities of their content . resilience of image feature matching to large view point changes is challenging for a lot of applications such as 3d object reconstruction , object recognition and navigation , etc , which need accurate and robust feature match ←
→ using entropy estimates for dag - based ontologies ; motivation : entropy measurements on hierarchical structures have been used in methods for information retrieval and natural language modeling . here we explore its application to semantic similarity . by finding shared ontology terms , semantic similarity can be established between annotated genes . a common procedure for establishing semantic similarity is to calculate the descriptiveness ( information content ) of ontology terms and use these values to determin ←
→ exploiting diversity in natural language processing : combining parsers ; three state - of - the - art statistical parsers are combined to produce more accurate parses , as well as new bounds on achievable treebank parsing accuracy . two general approaches are presented and two combination techniques are described for each approach . both parametric and non - parametric models are explored . the resulting parsers surpass the best previously published performance results for the penn treebank .←
→ multiresolution and hierarchical analysis of astronomical spectroscopic cubes using 3d discrete wavelet transform ; the intrinsically hierarchical and blended structure of interstellar molecular clouds , plus the always increasing resolution of astronomical instruments , demand advanced and automated pattern recognition techniques for identifying and connecting source components in spectroscopic cubes . we extend the work done in multiresolution analysis using wavelets for astronomical 2d images to 3d spectr ←
→ light - field microscopy with a consumer light - field camera ; we explore the use of inexpensive consumer light - field camera technology for the purpose of light - field mi - croscopy . our experiments are based on the lytro ( first gen - eration ) camera . unfortunately , the optical systems of the lytro and those of microscopes are not compatible , lead - ing to a loss of light - field information due to angular and spatial vignetting when directly recording microscopic pic - tures . we therefore consider an adaptation of ←
→ zero - shot style transfer in text using recurrent neural networks ; zero - shot translation is the task of translating between a language pair where no aligned data for the pair is provided during training . in this work we employ a model that creates paraphrases which are written in the style of another existing text . since we provide the model with no paired examples from the source style to the target style during training , we call this task zero - shot style transfer . herein , we identify a high - quality source ←
→ gp - gan : towards realistic high - resolution image blending ; recent advances in generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have shown promising potentials in conditional image generation . however , how to generate high - resolution images remains an open problem . in this paper , we aim at generating high - resolution well - blended images given composited copy - and - paste ones , i . e . realistic high - resolution image blending . to achieve this goal , we propose gaussian - poisson gan ( gp - gan ), a framework that combines the streng ←
→ on the sampling problem for kernel quadrature ; the standard kernel quadrature method for numerical integration with random point sets ( also called bayesian monte carlo ) is known to converge in root mean square error at a rate determined by the ratio $ s / d $, where $ s $ and $ d $ encode the smoothness and dimension of the integrand . however , an empirical investigation reveals that the rate constant $ c $ is highly sensitive to the distribution of the random points . in contrast to standard monte carlo integration , ←
→ visualizing and comparing convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have achieved comparable error rates to well - trained human on ilsvrc2014 image classification task . to achieve better performance , the complexity of cnns is continually increasing with deeper and bigger architectures . though cnns achieved promising external classification behavior , understanding of their internal work mechanism is still limited . in this work , we attempt to understand the internal work mechanism of ←
→ multi - view metric learning for multi - view video summarization ; traditional methods on video summarization are designed to generate summaries for single - view video records ; and thus they cannot fully exploit the redundancy in multi - view video records . in this paper , we present a multi - view metric learning framework for multi - view video summarization that combines the advantages of maximum margin clustering with the disagreement minimization criterion . the learning framework thus has the ability to find a me ←
→ finite sample prediction and recovery bounds for ordinal embedding ; the goal of ordinal embedding is to represent items as points in a low - dimensional euclidean space given a set of constraints in the form of distance comparisons like " item $ i $ is closer to item $ j $ than item $ k $". ordinal constraints like this often come from human judgments . to account for errors and variation in judgments , we consider the noisy situation in which the given constraints are independently corrupted by reversing the correct ←
→ deep poisson factorization machines : factor analysis for mapping behaviors in journalist ecosystem ; newsroom in online ecosystem is difficult to untangle . with prevalence of social media , interactions between journalists and individuals become visible , but lack of understanding to inner processing of information feedback loop in public sphere leave most journalists baffled . can we provide an organized view to characterize journalist behaviors on individual level to know better of the ecosystem ? to this e ←
→ detection of deviations in mobile applications network behavior ; in this paper a novel system for detecting meaningful deviations in a mobile application ' s network behavior is proposed . the main goal of the proposed system is to protect mobile device users and cellular infrastructure companies from malicious applications . the new system is capable of : ( 1 ) identifying malicious attacks or masquerading applications installed on a mobile device , and ( 2 ) identifying republishing of popular applications injecte ←
→ on the sample complexity of learning graphical games ; we analyze the sample complexity of learning graphical games from purely behavioral data . we assume that we can only observe the players ' joint actions and not their payoffs . we analyze the sufficient and necessary number of samples for the correct recovery of the set of pure - strategy nash equilibria ( psne ) of the true game . our analysis focuses on directed graphs with $ n $ nodes and at most $ k $ parents per node . sparse graphs correspond to ${ k \ in o ( 1 )}←
→ the gn , m phase transition is not hard for the hamiltonian cycle problem ; using an improved backtrack algorithm with sophisticated pruning techniques , we revise previous observations correlating a high frequency of hard to solve hamiltonian cycle instances with the gn , m phase transition between hamiltonicity and non - hamiltonicity . instead all tested graphs of 100 to 1500 vertices are easily solved . when we artificially restrict the degree sequence with a bounded maximum degree , although there is some increa ←
→ correspondence insertion for as - projective - as - possible image stitching ; spatially varying warps are increasingly popular for image alignment . in particular , as - projective - as - possible ( apap ) warps have been proven effective for accurate panoramic stitching , especially in cases with significant depth parallax that defeat standard homographic warps . however , estimating spatially varying warps requires a sufficient number of feature matches . in image regions where feature detection or matching fail , the warp l ←
→ on hash - based work distribution methods for parallel best - first search ; parallel best - first search algorithms such as hash distributed a * ( hda *) distribute work among the processes using a global hash function . we analyze the search and communication overheads of state - of - the - art hash - based parallel best - first search algorithms , and show that although zobrist hashing , the standard hash function used by hda *, achieves good load balance for many domains , it incurs significant communication overhead since alm ←
→ pufferfish privacy mechanisms for correlated data ; many modern databases include personal and sensitive correlated data , such as private information on users connected together in a social network , and measurements of physical activity of single subjects across time . however , differential privacy , the current gold standard in data privacy , does not adequately address privacy issues in this kind of data . this work looks at a recent generalization of differential privacy , called pufferfish , that can be use ←
→ budgeted learning of naive - bayes classifiers ; frequently , acquiring training data has an associated cost . we consider the situation where the learner may purchase data during training , subject to a budget . in particular , we examine the case where each feature label has an associated cost , and the total cost of all feature labels acquired during training must not exceed the budget . this paper compares methods for choosing which feature label to purchase next , given the budget and the current belief state of ←
→ mean field theory for sigmoid belief networks ; we develop a mean field theory for sigmoid belief networks based on ideas from statistical mechanics . our mean field theory provides a tractable approximation to the true probability distribution in these networks ; it also yields a lower bound on the likelihood of evidence . we demonstrate the utility of this framework on a benchmark problem in statistical pattern recognition --- the classification of handwritten digits .←
→ deep multimodal semantic embeddings for speech and images ; in this paper , we present a model which takes as input a corpus of images with relevant spoken captions and finds a correspondence between the two modalities . we employ a pair of convolutional neural networks to model visual objects and speech signals at the word level , and tie the networks together with an embedding and alignment model which learns a joint semantic space over both modalities . we evaluate our model using image search and annotation ←
→ the generalization ability of online algorithms for dependent data ; we study the generalization performance of online learning algorithms trained on samples coming from a dependent source of data . we show that the generalization error of any stable online algorithm concentrates around its regret -- an easily computable statistic of the online performance of the algorithm -- when the underlying ergodic process is $\ beta $- or $\ phi $- mixing . we show high probability error bounds assuming the loss function is conv ←
→ parallel streaming wasserstein barycenters ; efficiently aggregating data from different sources is a challenging problem , particularly when samples from each source are distributed differently . these differences can be inherent to the inference task or present for other reasons : sensors in a sensor network may be placed far apart , affecting their individual measurements . conversely , it is computationally advantageous to split bayesian inference tasks across subsets of data , but data need not be identically ←
→ a variable - free dynamic semantics ; i propose a variable - free treatment of dynamic semantics . by " dynamic semantics " i mean analyses of donkey sentences (" every farmer who owns a donkey beats it ") and other binding and anaphora phenomena in natural language where meanings of constituents are updates to information states , for instance as proposed by groenendijk and stokhof . by " variable - free " i mean denotational semantics in which functional combinators replace variable indices and assignment functions , for ←
→ neural networks with manifold learning for diabetic retinopathy detection ; widespread outreach programs using remote retinal imaging have proven to decrease the risk from diabetic retinopathy , the leading cause of blindness in the us . however , this process still requires manual verification of image quality and grading of images for level of disease by a trained human grader and will continue to be limited by the lack of such scarce resources . computer - aided diagnosis of retinal images have recently gain ←
→ closed - form learning of markov networks from dependency networks ; markov networks ( mns ) are a powerful way to compactly represent a joint probability distribution , but most mn structure learning methods are very slow , due to the high cost of evaluating candidates structures . dependency networks ( dns ) represent a probability distribution as a set of conditional probability distributions . dns are very fast to learn , but the conditional distributions may be inconsistent with each other and few inference algor ←
→ snn : stacked neural networks ; it has been proven that transfer learning provides an easy way to achieve state - of - the - art accuracies on several vision tasks by training a simple classifier on top of features obtained from pre - trained neural networks . the goal of this work is to generate better features for transfer learning from multiple publicly available pre - trained neural networks . to this end , we propose a novel architecture called stacked neural networks which leverages the fast training time of transf ←
→ visalogy : answering visual analogy questions ; in this paper , we study the problem of answering visual analogy questions . these questions take the form of image a is to image b as image c is to what . answering these questions entails discovering the mapping from image a to image b and then extending the mapping to image c and searching for the image d such that the relation from a to b holds for c to d . we pose this problem as learning an embedding that encourages pairs of analogous images with similar tran ←
→ we can " see " you via wi - fi - wifi action recognition via vision - based methods ; recently , wi - fi has caught tremendous attention for its ubiquity , and , motivated by wi - fi ' s low cost and privacy preservation , researchers have been putting lots of investigation into its potential on action recognition and even person identification . in this paper , we offer an comprehensive overview on these two topics in wi - fi . also , through looking at these two topics from an unprecedented perspective , we could achieve gene ←
→ recovery of point clouds on surfaces : application to image reconstruction ; we introduce a framework for the recovery of points on a smooth surface in high - dimensional space , with application to dynamic imaging . we assume the surface to be the zero - level set of a bandlimited function . we show that the exponential maps of the points on the surface satisfy annihilation relations , implying that they lie in a finite dimensional subspace . we rely on nuclear norm minimization of the maps to recover the points f ←
→ artex is another text summarizer ; this paper describes artex , another algorithm for automatic text summarization . in order to rank sentences , a simple inner product is calculated between each sentence , a document vector ( text topic ) and a lexical vector ( vocabulary used by a sentence ). summaries are then generated by assembling the highest ranked sentences . no ruled - based linguistic post - processing is necessary in order to obtain summaries . tests over several datasets ( coming from document understanding co ←
→ incremental adaptation strategies for neural network language models ; it is today acknowledged that neural network language models outperform backoff language models in applications like speech recognition or statistical machine translation . however , training these models on large amounts of data can take several days . we present efficient techniques to adapt a neural network language model to new data . instead of training a completely new model or relying on mixture approaches , we propose two new methods :←
→ sparse and non - negative bss for noisy data ; non - negative blind source separation ( bss ) has raised interest in various fields of research , as testified by the wide literature on the topic of non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ). in this context , it is fundamental that the sources to be estimated present some diversity in order to be efficiently retrieved . sparsity is known to enhance such contrast between the sources while producing very robust approaches , especially to noise . in this paper we introduce ←
→ 2d sem images turn into 3d object models ; the scanning electron microscopy ( sem ) is probably one the most fascinating examination approach that has been used since more than two decades to detailed inspection of micro scale objects . most of the scanning electron microscopes could only produce 2d images that could not assist operational analysis of microscopic surface properties . computer vision algorithms combined with very advanced geometry and mathematical approaches turn any sem into a full 3d measureme ←
→ first steps toward camera model identification with convolutional neural networks ; detecting the camera model used to shoot a picture enables to solve a wide series of forensic problems , from copyright infringement to ownership attribution . for this reason , the forensic community has developed a set of camera model identification algorithms that exploit characteristic traces left on acquired images by the processing pipelines specific of each camera model . in this paper , we investigate a novel approach t ←
→ word spotting in cursive handwritten documents using modified character shape codes ; there is a large collection of handwritten english paper documents of historical and scientific importance . but paper documents are not recognized directly by computer . hence the closest way of indexing these documents is by storing their document digital image . hence a large database of document images can replace the paper documents . but the document and data corresponding to each image cannot be directly recognized by ←
→ human identity verification based on heart sounds : recent advances and future directions ; identity verification is an increasingly important process in our daily lives , and biometric recognition is a natural solution to the authentication problem . one of the most important research directions in the field of biometrics is the characterization of novel biometric traits that can be used in conjunction with other traits , to limit their shortcomings or to enhance their performance . the aim of this work i ←
→ the algebraic approach to phase retrieval and explicit inversion at the identifiability threshold ; we study phase retrieval from magnitude measurements of an unknown signal as an algebraic estimation problem . indeed , phase retrieval from rank - one and more general linear measurements can be treated in an algebraic way . it is verified that a certain number of generic rank - one or generic linear measurements are sufficient to enable signal reconstruction for generic signals , and slightly more generic measure ←
→ use case point approach based software effort estimation using various support vector regression kernel methods ; the job of software effort estimation is a critical one in the early stages of the software development life cycle when the details of requirements are usually not clearly identified . various optimization techniques help in improving the accuracy of effort estimation . the support vector regression ( svr ) is one of several different soft - computing techniques that help in getting optimal estimate ←
→ learning from non - iid data : fast rates for the one - vs - all multiclass plug - in classifiers ; we prove new fast learning rates for the one - vs - all multiclass plug - in classifiers trained either from exponentially strongly mixing data or from data generated by a converging drifting distribution . these are two typical scenarios where training data are not iid . the learning rates are obtained under a multiclass version of tsybakov ' s margin assumption , a type of low - noise assumption , and do not depend on the numbe ←
→ fractal ai : a fragile theory of intelligence ; fractal ai is a theory for general artificial intelligence . it allows to derive new mathematical tools that constitute the foundations for a new kind of stochastic calculus , by modelling information using cellular automaton - like structures instead of smooth functions . in the repository included we are presenting a new agent , derived from the first principles of the theory , which is capable of solving atari games several orders of magnitude more efficiently th ←
→ identifiability of nonparametric mixture models and bayes optimal clustering ; motivated by problems in data clustering , we establish general conditions under which families of nonparametric mixture models are identifiable by introducing a novel framework for clustering overfitted \ emph { parametric } ( i . e . misspecified ) mixture models . these conditions generalize existing conditions in the literature , and are flexible enough to include for example mixtures of gaussian mixtures . in contrast to the recent lit ←
→ the loss surface of deep and wide neural networks ; while the optimization problem behind deep neural networks is highly non - convex , it is frequently observed in practice that training deep networks seems possible without getting stuck in suboptimal points . it has been argued that this is the case as all local minima are close to being globally optimal . we show that this is ( almost ) true , in fact almost all local minima are globally optimal , for a fully connected network with squared loss and analytic activ ←
→ co - occurrence patterns in the voynich manuscript ; the voynich manuscript is a medieval book written in an unknown script . this paper studies the distribution of similarly spelled words in the voynich manuscript . it shows that the distribution of words within the manuscript is not compatible with natural languages .←
→ neural coordination can be enhanced by occasional interruption of normal firing patterns : a self - optimizing spiking neural network model ; the state space of a conventional hopfield network typically exhibits many different attractors of which only a small subset satisfy constraints between neurons in a globally optimal fashion . it has recently been demonstrated that combining hebbian learning with occasional alterations of normal neural states avoids this problem by means of self - organized enlargement of ←
→ homomorphisms between fuzzy information systems revisited ; recently , wang et al . discussed the properties of fuzzy information systems under homomorphisms in the paper [ c . wang , d . chen , l . zhu , homomorphisms between fuzzy information systems , applied mathematics letters 22 ( 2009 ) 1045 - 1050 ], where homomorphisms are based upon the concepts of consistent functions and fuzzy relation mappings . in this paper , we classify consistent functions as predecessor - consistent and successor - consistent , and then proceed ←
→ semi - supervised learning for convolutional neural networks via online graph construction ; the recent promising achievements of deep learning rely on the large amount of labeled data . considering the abundance of data on the web , most of them do not have labels at all . therefore , it is important to improve generalization performance using unlabeled data on supervised tasks with few labeled instances . in this work , we revisit graph - based semi - supervised learning algorithms and propose an online graph const ←
→ incremental skip - gram model with negative sampling ; this paper explores an incremental training strategy for the skip - gram model with negative sampling ( sgns ) from both empirical and theoretical perspectives . existing methods of neural word embeddings , including sgns , are multi - pass algorithms and thus cannot perform incremental model update . to address this problem , we present a simple incremental extension of sgns and provide a thorough theoretical analysis to demonstrate its validity . empirical experime ←
→ a practical guide to cnns and fisher vectors for image instance retrieval ; with deep learning becoming the dominant approach in computer vision , the use of representations extracted from convolutional neural nets ( cnns ) is quickly gaining ground on fisher vectors ( fvs ) as favoured state - of - the - art global image descriptors for image instance retrieval . while the good performance of cnns for image classification are unambiguously recognised , which of the two has the upper hand in the image retrieval contex ←
→ bayesian cp factorization of incomplete tensors with automatic rank determination ; candecomp / parafac ( cp ) tensor factorization of incomplete data is a powerful technique for tensor completion through explicitly capturing the multilinear latent factors . the existing cp algorithms require the tensor rank to be manually specified , however , the determination of tensor rank remains a challenging problem especially for cp rank . in addition , existing approaches do not take into account uncertainty information o ←
→ context capture in software development ; the context of a software developer is something hard to define and capture , as it represents a complex network of elements across different dimensions that are not limited to the work developed on an ide . we propose the definition of a software developer context model that takes into account all the dimensions that characterize the work environment of the developer . we are especially focused on what the software developer context encompasses at the project level an ←
→ string gaussian process kernels ; we introduce a new class of nonstationary kernels , which we derive as covariance functions of a novel family of stochastic processes we refer to as string gaussian processes ( string gps ). we construct string gps to allow for multiple types of local patterns in the data , while ensuring a mild global regularity condition . in this paper , we illustrate the efficacy of the approach using synthetic data and demonstrate that the model outperforms competing approaches on well studi ←
→ choice of mel filter bank in computing mfcc of a resampled speech ; mel frequency cepstral coefficients ( mfccs ) are the most popularly used speech features in most speech and speaker recognition applications . in this paper , we study the effect of resampling a speech signal on these speech features . we first derive a relationship between the mfcc param - eters of the resampled speech and the mfcc parameters of the original speech . we propose six methods of calculating the mfcc parameters of downsampled speech ←
→ deep matching autoencoders ; increasingly many real world tasks involve data in multiple modalities or views . this has motivated the development of many effective algorithms for learning a common latent space to relate multiple domains . however , most existing cross - view learning algorithms assume access to paired data for training . their applicability is thus limited as the paired data assumption is often violated in practice : many tasks have only a small subset of data available with pairing annotation , or ←
→ opposition based ensemble micro differential evolution ; differential evolution ( de ) algorithm with a small population size is called micro - de ( mde ). a small population size decreases the computational complexity but also reduces the exploration ability of de by limiting the population diversity . in this paper , we propose the idea of combining ensemble mutation scheme selection and opposition - based learning concepts to enhance the diversity of population in mde at mutation and selection stages . the proposed ←
→ a review of network traffic analysis and prediction techniques ; analysis and prediction of network traffic has applications in wide comprehensive set of areas and has newly attracted significant number of studies . different kinds of experiments are conducted and summarized to identify various problems in existing computer network applications . network traffic analysis and prediction is a proactive approach to ensure secure , reliable and qualitative network communication . various techniques are proposed and ←
→ designing intelligent instruments ; remote science operations require automated systems that can both act and react with minimal human intervention . one such vision is that of an intelligent instrument that collects data in an automated fashion , and based on what it learns , decides which new measurements to take . this innovation implements experimental design and unites it with data analysis in such a way that it completes the cycle of learning . this cycle is the basis of the scientific method . the three ←
→ scdv : sparse composite document vectors using soft clustering over distributional representations ; we present a feature vector formation technique for documents - sparse composite document vector ( scdv ) - which overcomes several shortcomings of the current distributional paragraph vector representations that are widely used for text representation . in scdv , word embedding ' s are clustered to capture multiple semantic contexts in which words occur . they are then chained together to form document topic - vec ←
→ an algorithm to extract rules from artificial neural networks for medical diagnosis problems ; artificial neural networks ( anns ) have been successfully applied to solve a variety of classification and function approximation problems . although anns can generally predict better than decision trees for pattern classification problems , anns are often regarded as black boxes since their predictions cannot be explained clearly like those of decision trees . this paper presents a new algorithm , called rule extrac ←
→ an evaluation of two alternatives to minimax ; in the field of artificial intelligence , traditional approaches to choosing moves in games involve the we of the minimax algorithm . however , recent research results indicate that minimizing may not always be the best approach . in this paper we summarize the results of some measurements on several model games with several different evaluation functions . these measurements , which are presented in detail in [ npt ], show that there are some new algorithms that can m ←
→ exploiting syntactic structure for natural language modeling ; the thesis presents an attempt at using the syntactic structure in natural language for improved language models for speech recognition . the structured language model merges techniques in automatic parsing and language modeling using an original probabilistic parameterization of a shift - reduce parser . a maximum likelihood reestimation procedure belonging to the class of expectation - maximization algorithms is employed for training the model . expe ←
→ machine learning that matters ; much of current machine learning ( ml ) research has lost its connection to problems of import to the larger world of science and society . from this perspective , there exist glaring limitations in the data sets we investigate , the metrics we employ for evaluation , and the degree to which results are communicated back to their originating domains . what changes are needed to how we conduct research to increase the impact that ml has ? we present six impact challenges to explicitly ←
→ a simple and efficient snn and its performance & robustness evaluation method to enable hardware implementation ; spiking neural networks ( snn ) are more closely related to brain - like computation and inspire hardware implementation . this is enabled by small networks that give high performance on standard classification problems . in literature , typical snns are deep and complex in terms of network structure , weight update rules and learning algorithms . this makes it difficult to translate them into hardware ←
→ dimensionality reduction and classification feature using mutual information applied to hyperspectral images : a filter strategy based algorithm ; hyperspectral images ( his ) classification is a high technical remote sensing tool . the goal is to reproduce a thematic map that will be compared with a reference ground truth map ( gt ), constructed by expecting the region . the his contains more than a hundred bidirectional measures , called bands ( or simply images ), of the same region . they are taken at juxtapo ←
→ learning features for relational data ; feature engineering is one of the most important but tedious tasks in data science projects . this work studies automation of feature learning for relational data . we first theoretically proved that learning relevant features from relational data for a given predictive analytics problem is np - hard . however , it is possible to empirically show that an efficient rule based approach predefining transformations as a priori based on heuristics can extract very useful feature ←
→ cross - validated variable selection in tree - based methods improves predictive performance ; recursive partitioning approaches producing tree - like models are a long standing staple of predictive modeling , in the last decade mostly as `` sub - learners '' within state of the art ensemble methods like boosting and random forest . however , a fundamental flaw in the partitioning ( or splitting ) rule of commonly used tree building methods precludes them from treating different types of variables equally . this most cle ←
→ generic global constraints based on mdds ; constraint programming ( cp ) has been successfully applied to both constraint satisfaction and constraint optimization problems . a wide variety of specialized global constraints provide critical assistance in achieving a good model that can take advantage of the structure of the problem in the search for a solution . however , a key outstanding issue is the representation of ' ad - hoc ' constraints that do not have an inherent combinatorial nature , and hence are not mode ←
→ a simple approach to learn polysemous word embeddings ; many nlp applications require disambiguating polysemous words . existing methods that learn polysemous word vector representations involve first detecting various senses and optimizing the sense - specific embeddings separately , which are invariably more involved than single sense learning methods such as word2vec . evaluating these methods is also problematic , as rigorous quantitative evaluations in this space is limited , especially when compared with sin ←
→ illumination - aware faster r - cnn for robust multispectral pedestrian detection ; multispectral images of color - thermal pairs have shown more effective than a single color channel for pedestrian detection , especially under challenging illumination conditions . however , there is still a lack of studies on how to fuse the two modalities effectively . in this paper , we deeply compare six different convolutional network fusion architectures and analyse their adaptations , enabling a vanilla architecture to obtain ←
→ an effect of spatial filtering in visualization of coronary arteries imaging ; at present , coronary angiography is the well known standard for the diagnosis of coronary artery disease . conventional coronary angiography is an invasive procedure with a small , yet inherent risk of myocardial infarction , stroke , potential arrhythmias , and death . other noninvasive diagnostic tools , such as electrocardiography , echocardiography , and nuclear imaging are now widely available but are limited by their inability to ←
→ orthogonality - promoting distance metric learning : convex relaxation and theoretical analysis ; distance metric learning ( dml ), which learns a distance metric from labeled " similar " and " dissimilar " data pairs , is widely utilized . recently , several works investigate orthogonality - promoting regularization ( opr ), which encourages the projection vectors in dml to be close to being orthogonal , to achieve three effects : ( 1 ) high balancedness -- achieving comparable performance on both frequent and infrequent cl ←
→ evaluating discourse phenomena in neural machine translation ; for machine translation to tackle discourse phenomena , models must have access to extra - sentential linguistic context . there has been recent interest in modelling context in neural machine translation ( nmt ), but models have been principally evaluated with standard automatic metrics , poorly adapted to evaluating discourse phenomena . in this article , we present hand - crafted , discourse test sets , designed to test the models ' ability to exploit prev ←
→ solving linear equations using a jacobi based time - variant adaptive hybrid evolutionary algorithm ; large set of linear equations , especially for sparse and structured coefficient ( matrix ) equations , solutions using classical methods become arduous . and evolutionary algorithms have mostly been used to solve various optimization and learning problems . recently , hybridization of classical methods ( jacobi method and gauss - seidel method ) with evolutionary computation techniques have successfully been applied ←
→ corola : a sequential solution to moving object detection using low - rank approximation ; extracting moving objects from a video sequence and estimating the background of each individual image are fundamental issues in many practical applications such as visual surveillance , intelligent vehicle navigation , and traffic monitoring . recently , some methods have been proposed to detect moving objects in a video via low - rank approximation and sparse outliers where the background is modeled with the computed low - r ←
→ queuing theory guided intelligent traffic scheduling through video analysis using dirichlet process mixture model ; accurate prediction of traffic signal duration for roadway junction is a challenging problem due to the dynamic nature of traffic flows . though supervised learning can be used , parameters may vary across roadway junctions . in this paper , we present a computer vision guided expert system that can learn the departure rate of a given traffic junction modeled using traditional queuing theory . fi ←
→ kernel induced random survival forests ; kernel induced random survival forests ( kirsf ) is a statistical learning algorithm which aims to improve prediction accuracy for survival data . as in random survival forests ( rsf ), cumulative hazard function is predicted for each individual in the test set . prediction error is estimated using harrell ' s concordance index ( c index ) [ harrell et al . ( 1982 )]. the c - index can be interpreted as a misclassification probability and does not depend on a single fixed time for e ←
→ deep multitask architecture for integrated 2d and 3d human sensing ; we propose a deep multitask architecture for \ emph { fully automatic 2d and 3d human sensing } ( dmhs ), including \ emph { recognition and reconstruction }, in \ emph { monocular images }. the system computes the figure - ground segmentation , semantically identifies the human body parts at pixel level , and estimates the 2d and 3d pose of the person . the model supports the joint training of all components by means of multi - task losses where early process ←
→ adversarial nets with perceptual losses for text - to - image synthesis ; recent approaches in generative adversarial networks ( gans ) can automatically synthesize realistic images from descriptive text . despite the overall fair quality , the generated images often expose visible flaws that lack structural definition for an object of interest . in this paper , we aim to extend state of the art for gan - based text - to - image synthesis by improving perceptual quality of generated images . differentiated from previous wor ←
→ spike - and - slab sparse coding for unsupervised feature discovery ; we consider the problem of using a factor model we call {\ em spike - and - slab sparse coding } ( s3c ) to learn features for a classification task . the s3c model resembles both the spike - and - slab rbm and sparse coding . since exact inference in this model is intractable , we derive a structured variational inference procedure and employ a variational em training algorithm . prior work on approximate inference for this model has not prioritized the abi ←
→ faster r - cnn : towards real - time object detection with region proposal networks ; state - of - the - art object detection networks depend on region proposal algorithms to hypothesize object locations . advances like sppnet and fast r - cnn have reduced the running time of these detection networks , exposing region proposal computation as a bottleneck . in this work , we introduce a region proposal network ( rpn ) that shares full - image convolutional features with the detection network , thus enabling nearly cost - free reg ←
→ stc anti - spoofing systems for the asvspoof 2015 challenge ; this paper presents the speech technology center ( stc ) systems submitted to automatic speaker verification spoofing and countermeasures ( asvspoof ) challenge 2015 . in this work we investigate different acoustic feature spaces to determine reliable and robust countermeasures against spoofing attacks . in addition to the commonly used front - end mfcc features we explored features derived from phase spectrum and features based on applying the multiresolu ←
→ ideal reformulation of belief networks ; the intelligent reformulation or restructuring of a belief network can greatly increase the efficiency of inference . however , time expended for reformulation is not available for performing inference . thus , under time pressure , there is a tradeoff between the time dedicated to reformulating the network and the time applied to the implementation of a solution . we investigate this partition of resources into time applied to reformulation and time used for inference . we ←
→ supersizing self - supervision : learning to grasp from 50k tries and 700 robot hours ; current learning - based robot grasping approaches exploit human - labeled datasets for training the models . however , there are two problems with such a methodology : ( a ) since each object can be grasped in multiple ways , manually labeling grasp locations is not a trivial task ; ( b ) human labeling is biased by semantics . while there have been attempts to train robots using trial - and - error experiments , the amount of data used in ←
→ first experiments with powerplay ; like a scientist or a playing child , powerplay not only learns new skills to solve given problems , but also invents new interesting problems by itself . by design , it continually comes up with the fastest to find , initially novel , but eventually solvable tasks . it also continually simplifies or compresses or speeds up solutions to previous tasks . here we describe first experiments with powerplay . a self - delimiting recurrent neural network slim rnn is used as a general compu ←
→ universal properties of mythological networks ; as in statistical physics , the concept of universality plays an important , albeit qualitative , role in the field of comparative mythology . here we apply statistical mechanical tools to analyse the networks underlying three iconic mythological narratives with a view to identifying common and distinguishing quantitative features . of the three narratives , an anglo - saxon and a greek text are mostly believed by antiquarians to be partly historically based while the ←
→ link the head to the " beak ": zero shot learning from noisy text description at part precision ; in this paper , we study learning visual classifiers from unstructured text descriptions at part precision with no training images . we propose a learning framework that is able to connect text terms to its relevant parts and suppress connections to non - visual text terms without any part - text annotations . for instance , this learning process enables terms like " beak " to be sparsely linked to the visual representat ←
→ mirbot , a collaborative object recognition system for smartphones using convolutional neural networks ; mirbot is a collaborative application for smartphones that allows users to perform object recognition . this app can be used to take a photograph of an object , select the region of interest and obtain the most likely class ( dog , chair , etc .) by means of similarity search using features extracted from a convolutional neural network ( cnn ). the answers provided by the system can be validated by the user so ←
→ what do neural machine translation models learn about morphology ? ; neural machine translation ( mt ) models obtain state - of - the - art performance while maintaining a simple , end - to - end architecture . however , little is known about what these models learn about source and target languages during the training process . in this work , we analyze the representations learned by neural mt models at various levels of granularity and empirically evaluate the quality of the representations for learning morphology through ←
→ magan : margin adaptation for generative adversarial networks ; we propose the margin adaptation for generative adversarial networks ( magans ) algorithm , a novel training procedure for gans to improve stability and performance by using an adaptive hinge loss function . we estimate the appropriate hinge loss margin with the expected energy of the target distribution , and derive principled criteria for when to update the margin . we prove that our method converges to its global optimum under certain assumptions . ←
→ neural semantic role labeling with dependency path embeddings ; this paper introduces a novel model for semantic role labeling that makes use of neural sequence modeling techniques . our approach is motivated by the observation that complex syntactic structures and related phenomena , such as nested subordinations and nominal predicates , are not handled well by existing models . our model treats such instances as sub - sequences of lexicalized dependency paths and learns suitable embedding representations . we ex ←
→ matching convolutional neural networks without priors about data ; we propose an extension of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to graph - structured data , including strided convolutions and data augmentation on graphs . our method matches the accuracy of state - of - the - art cnns when applied on images , without any prior about their 2d regular structure . on fmri data , we obtain a significant gain in accuracy compared with existing graph - based alternatives .←
→ an exploration of 2d and 3d deep learning techniques for cardiac mr image segmentation ; accurate segmentation of the heart is an important step towards evaluating cardiac function . in this paper , we present a fully automated framework for segmentation of the left ( lv ) and right ( rv ) ventricular cavities and the myocardium ( myo ) on short - axis cardiac mr images . we investigate various 2d and 3d convolutional neural network architectures for this task . we investigate the suitability of various state - of - the ←
→ bilateral filters : what they can and cannot do ; nonlinear bilateral filters ( bf ) deliver a fine blend of computational simplicity and blur - free denoising . however , little is known about their nature , noise - suppressing properties , and optimal choices of filter parameters . our study is meant to fill this gap - explaining the underlying mechanism of bilateral filtering and providing the methodology for optimal filter selection . practical application to ct image denoising is discussed to illustrate our results .←
→ the limitations of deep learning in adversarial settings ; deep learning takes advantage of large datasets and computationally efficient training algorithms to outperform other approaches at various machine learning tasks . however , imperfections in the training phase of deep neural networks make them vulnerable to adversarial samples : inputs crafted by adversaries with the intent of causing deep neural networks to misclassify . in this work , we formalize the space of adversaries against deep neural networks ←
→ the lottery ticket hypothesis : training pruned neural networks ; recent work on neural network pruning indicates that , at training time , neural networks need to be significantly larger in size than is necessary to represent the eventual functions that they learn . this paper articulates a new hypothesis to explain this phenomenon . this conjecture , which we term the " lottery ticket hypothesis ," proposes that successful training depends on lucky random initialization of a smaller subcomponent of the network . l ←
→ stochastic imt ( insulator - metal - transition ) neurons : an interplay of thermal and threshold noise at bifurcation ; a stochastic neuron , a key hardware kernel for implementing stochastic neural networks , is constructed using an insulator - metal - transition ( imt ) device based on electrically induced phase - transition in series with a tunable resistance . we show that such an imt neuron has dynamics similar to a piecewise linear fitzhugh - nagumo ( fhn ) neuron . spiking statistics of such neurons are demonstrated exp ←
→ joint event detection and entity resolution : a virtuous cycle ; clustering web documents has numerous applications , such as aggregating news articles into meaningful events , detecting trends and hot topics on the web , preserving diversity in search results , etc . at the same time , the importance of named entities and , in particular , the ability to recognize them and to solve the associated co - reference resolution problem are widely recognized as key enabling factors when mining , aggregating and comparing con ←
→ an information retrieval approach to short text conversation ; human computer conversation is regarded as one of the most difficult problems in artificial intelligence . in this paper , we address one of its key sub - problems , referred to as short text conversation , in which given a message from human , the computer returns a reasonable response to the message . we leverage the vast amount of short conversation data available on social media to study the issue . we propose formalizing short text conversation as a ←
→ testing whether linear equations are causal : a free probability theory approach ; we propose a method that infers whether linear relations between two high - dimensional variables x and y are due to a causal influence from x to y or from y to x . the earlier proposed so - called trace method is extended to the regime where the dimension of the observed variables exceeds the sample size . based on previous work , we postulate conditions that characterize a causal relation between x and y . moreover , we describe a ←
→ building chatbots from forum data : model selection using question answering metrics ; we propose to use question answering ( qa ) data from web forums to train chatbots from scratch , i . e ., without dialog training data . first , we extract pairs of question and answer sentences from the typically much longer texts of questions and answers in a forum . we then use these shorter texts to train seq2seq models in a more efficient way . we further improve the parameter optimization using a new model selection strateg ←
→ boundary - seeking generative adversarial networks ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are a learning framework that rely on training a discriminator to estimate a measure of difference between a target and generated distributions . gans , as normally formulated , rely on the generated samples being completely differentiable w . r . t . the generative parameters , and thus do not work for discrete data . we introduce a method for training gans with discrete data that uses the estimated difference measure from the ←
→ learning hypergraph - regularized attribute predictors ; we present a novel attribute learning framework named hypergraph - based attribute predictor ( hap ). in hap , a hypergraph is leveraged to depict the attribute relations in the data . then the attribute prediction problem is casted as a regularized hypergraph cut problem in which hap jointly learns a collection of attribute projections from the feature space to a hypergraph embedding space aligned with the attribute space . the learned projections directly ac ←
→ ua - detrac : a new benchmark and protocol for multi - object detection and tracking ; in recent years , numerous effective multi - object tracking ( mot ) methods are developed because of the wide range of applications . existing performance evaluations of mot methods usually separate the object tracking step from the object detection step by using the same fixed object detection results for comparisons . in this work , we perform a comprehensive quantitative study on the effects of object detection accuracy to the o ←
→ spelling error trends and patterns in sindhi ; statistical error correction technique is the most accurate and widely used approach today , but for a language like sindhi which is a low resourced language the trained corpora ' s are not available , so the statistical techniques are not possible at all . instead a useful alternative would be to exploit various spelling error trends in sindhi by using a rule based approach . for designing such technique an essential prerequisite would be to study the various error ←
→ computational models of tutor feedback in language acquisition ; this paper investigates the role of tutor feedback in language learning using computational models . we compare two dominant paradigms in language learning : interactive learning and cross - situational learning - which differ primarily in the role of social feedback such as gaze or pointing . we analyze the relationship between these two paradigms and propose a new mixed paradigm that combines the two paradigms and allows to test algorithms in exp ←
→ a compiler for ordered logic programs ; this paper describes a system , called plp , for compiling ordered logic programs into standard logic programs under the answer set semantics . in an ordered logic program , rules are named by unique terms , and preferences among rules are given by a set of dedicated atoms . an ordered logic program is transformed into a second , regular , extended logic program wherein the preferences are respected , in that the answer sets obtained in the transformed theory correspond with t ←
→ contrastive analysis with predictive power : typology driven estimation of grammatical error distributions in esl ; this work examines the impact of cross - linguistic transfer on grammatical errors in english as second language ( esl ) texts . using a computational framework that formalizes the theory of contrastive analysis ( ca ), we demonstrate that language specific error distributions in esl writing can be predicted from the typological properties of the native language and their relation to the typology of ←
→ a generalised seizure prediction with convolutional neural networks for intracranial and scalp electroencephalogram data analysis ; seizure prediction has attracted a growing attention as one of the most challenging predictive data analysis efforts in order to improve the life of patients living with drug - resistant epilepsy and tonic seizures . many outstanding works have been reporting great results in providing a sensible indirect ( warning systems ) or direct ( interactive neural - stimulation ) control over ←
→ grading of mammalian cumulus oocyte complexes using machine learning for in vitro embryo culture ; visual observation of cumulus oocyte complexes provides only limited information about its functional competence , whereas the molecular evaluations methods are cumbersome or costly . image analysis of mammalian oocytes can provide attractive alternative to address this challenge . however , it is complex , given the huge number of oocytes under inspection and the subjective nature of the features inspected for i ←
→ semantic softmax loss for zero - shot learning ; a typical pipeline for zero - shot learning ( zsl ) is to integrate the visual features and the class semantic descriptors into a multimodal framework with a linear or bilinear model . however , the visual features and the class semantic descriptors locate in different structural spaces , a linear or bilinear model can not capture the semantic interactions between different modalities well . in this letter , we propose a nonlinear approach to impose zsl as a multi - class ←
→ on reasoning in networks with qualitative uncertainty ; in this paper some initial work towards a new approach to qualitative reasoning under uncertainty is presented . this method is not only applicable to qualitative probabilistic reasoning , as is the case with other methods , but also allows the qualitative propagation within networks of values based upon possibility theory and dempster - shafer evidence theory . the method is applied to two simple networks from which a large class of directed graphs may be c ←
→ stacked approximated regression machine : a simple deep learning approach ; with the agreement of my coauthors , i zhangyang wang would like to withdraw the manuscript " stacked approximated regression machine : a simple deep learning approach ". some experimental procedures were not included in the manuscript , which makes a part of important claims not meaningful . in the relevant research , i was solely responsible for carrying out the experiments ; the other coauthors joined in the discussions leading to the mai ←
→ bayesian inference for radar imagery based surveillance ; we are interested in creating an automated or semi - automated system with the capability of taking a set of radar imagery , collection parameters and a priori map and other tactical data , and producing likely interpretations of the possible military situations given the available evidence . this paper is concerned with the problem of the interpretation and computation of certainty or belief in the conclusions reached by such a system .←
→ the latent structure of dictionaries ; how many words ( and which ones ) are sufficient to define all other words ? when dictionaries are analyzed as directed graphs with links from defining words to defined words , they reveal a latent structure . recursively removing all words that are reachable by definition but that do not define any further words reduces the dictionary to a kernel of about 10 %. this is still not the smallest number of words that can define all the rest . about 75 % of the kernel turns out to ←
→ mllib : machine learning in apache spark ; apache spark is a popular open - source platform for large - scale data processing that is well - suited for iterative machine learning tasks . in this paper we present mllib , spark ' s open - source distributed machine learning library . mllib provides efficient functionality for a wide range of learning settings and includes several underlying statistical , optimization , and linear algebra primitives . shipped with spark , mllib supports several languages and provides a high - lev ←
→ total capture : a 3d deformation model for tracking faces , hands , and bodies ; we present a unified deformation model for the markerless capture of multiple scales of human movement , including facial expressions , body motion , and hand gestures . an initial model is generated by locally stitching together models of the individual parts of the human body , which we refer to as the " frankenstein " model . this model enables the full expression of part movements , including face and hands by a single seamless model ←
→ learning riemannian metrics ; we propose a solution to the problem of estimating a riemannian metric associated with a given differentiable manifold . the metric learning problem is based on minimizing the relative volume of a given set of points . we derive the details for a family of metrics on the multinomial simplex . the resulting metric has applications in text classification and bears some similarity to tfidf representation of text documents .←
→ glyph : symbolic regression tools ; we present glyph - a python package for genetic programming based symbolic regression . glyph is designed for usage let by numerical simulations let by real world experiments . for experimentalists , glyph - remote provides a separation of tasks : a zeromq interface splits the genetic programming optimization task from the evaluation of an experimental ( or numerical ) run . glyph can be accessed at http :// github . com / ambrosys / glyph . domain experts are be able to employ symbolic re ←
→ proficiency comparison of ladtree and reptree classifiers for credit risk forecast ; predicting the credit defaulter is a perilous task of financial industries like banks . ascertaining non - payer before giving loan is a significant and conflict - ridden task of the banker . classification techniques are the better choice for predictive analysis like finding the claimant , whether he / she is an unpretentious customer or a cheat . defining the outstanding classifier is a risky assignment for any industrialist like ←
→ learning input and recurrent weight matrices in echo state networks ; echo state networks ( esns ) are a special type of the temporally deep network model , the recurrent neural network ( rnn ), where the recurrent matrix is carefully designed and both the recurrent and input matrices are fixed . an esn uses the linearity of the activation function of the output units to simplify the learning of the output matrix . in this paper , we devise a special technique that take advantage of this linearity in the output uni ←
→ a hybrid approach with multi - channel i - vectors and convolutional neural networks for acoustic scene classification ; in acoustic scene classification ( asc ) two major approaches have been followed . while one utilizes engineered features such as mel - frequency - cepstral - coefficients ( mfccs ), the other uses learned features that are the outcome of an optimization algorithm . i - vectors are the result of a modeling technique that usually takes engineered features as input . it has been shown that standard mfccs e ←
→ vqa - e : explaining , elaborating , and enhancing your answers for visual questions ; most existing works in visual question answering ( vqa ) are dedicated to improving the accuracy of predicted answers , while disregarding the explanations . we argue that the explanation for an answer is of the same or even more importance compared with the answer itself , since it makes the question and answering process more understandable and traceable . to this end , we propose a new task of vqa - e ( vqa with explanation ), where ←
→ extending weakly - sticky datalog +/-: query - answering tractability and optimizations ; weakly - sticky ( ws ) datalog +/- is an expressive member of the family of datalog +/- programs that is based on the syntactic notions of stickiness and weak - acyclicity . query answering over the ws programs has been investigated , but there is still much work to do on the design and implementation of practical query answering ( qa ) algorithms and their optimizations . here , we study sticky and ws programs from the point of view o ←
→ algorithms for graph - constrained coalition formation in the real world ; coalition formation typically involves the coming together of multiple , heterogeneous , agents to achieve both their individual and collective goals . in this paper , we focus on a special case of coalition formation known as graph - constrained coalition formation ( gccf ) whereby a network connecting the agents constrains the formation of coalitions . we focus on this type of problem given that in many real - world applications , agents may be ←
→ going deeper with convolutions ; we propose a deep convolutional neural network architecture codenamed " inception ", which was responsible for setting the new state of the art for classification and detection in the imagenet large - scale visual recognition challenge 2014 ( ilsvrc 2014 ). the main hallmark of this architecture is the improved utilization of the computing resources inside the network . this was achieved by a carefully crafted design that allows for increasing the depth and width of the network whi ←
→ structured sparse subspace clustering : a joint affinity learning and subspace clustering framework ; subspace clustering refers to the problem of segmenting data drawn from a union of subspaces . state - of - the - art approaches for solving this problem follow a two - stage approach . in the first step , an affinity matrix is learned from the data using sparse or low - rank minimization techniques . in the second step , the segmentation is found by applying spectral clustering to this affinity . while this approach has ←
→ skull - stripping for tumor - bearing brain images ; skull - stripping separates the skull region of the head from the soft brain tissues . in many cases of brain image analysis , this is an essential preprocessing step in order to improve the final result . this is true for both registration and segmentation tasks . in fact , skull - stripping of magnetic resonance images ( mri ) is a well - studied problem with numerous publications in recent years . many different algorithms have been proposed , a summary and comparison of ←
→ guidefill : gpu accelerated , artist guided geometric inpainting for 3d conversion ; the conversion of traditional film into stereo 3d has become an important problem in the past decade . one of the main bottlenecks is a disocclusion step , which in commercial 3d conversion is usually done by teams of artists armed with a toolbox of inpainting algorithms . a current difficulty in this is that most available algorithms are either too slow for interactive use , or provide no intuitive means for users to tweak the ←
→ sub - diving labeling method for optimization problem by genetic algorithm ; in many global optimization problems , it is required to evaluate a global point ( min or max ) in large space that calculation effort is very high . in this paper is presented new approach for optimization problem with subdivision labeling method ( slm ) but in this method for higher dimensional has high computational . slm genetic algorithm ( slmga ) in optimization problems is one of the solutions of this problem . in proposed algorithm ←
→ assisting composition of email responses : a topic prediction approach ; we propose an approach for helping agents compose email replies to customer requests . to enable that , we use lda to extract latent topics from a collection of email exchanges . we then use these latent topics to label our data , obtaining a so - called " silver standard " topic labelling . we exploit this labelled set to train a classifier to : ( i ) predict the topic distribution of the entire agent ' s email response , based on features of the cus ←
→ a theory of experiment ; this article aims at clarifying the language and practice of scientific experiment , mainly by hooking observability on calculability .←
→ detecting and assessing contextual change in diachronic text documents using context volatility ; terms in diachronic text corpora may exhibit a high degree of semantic dynamics that is only partially captured by the common notion of semantic change . the new measure of context volatility that we propose models the degree by which terms change context in a text collection over time . the computation of context volatility for a word relies on the significance - values of its co - occurrent terms and the correspo ←
→ exact post model selection inference for marginal screening ; we develop a framework for post model selection inference , via marginal screening , in linear regression . at the core of this framework is a result that characterizes the exact distribution of linear functions of the response $ y $, conditional on the model being selected (`` condition on selection " framework ). this allows us to construct valid confidence intervals and hypothesis tests for regression coefficients that account for the selection proced ←
→ protecting sensory data against sensitive inferences ; there is growing concern about how personal data are used when users grant applications direct access to the sensors of their mobile devices . in fact , high resolution temporal data generated by motion sensors reflect directly the activities of a user and indirectly physical and demographic attributes . in this paper , we propose a feature learning architecture for mobile devices that provides flexible and negotiable privacy - preserving sensor data transmis ←
→ soft - dtw : a differentiable loss function for time - series ; we propose in this paper a differentiable learning loss between time series , building upon the celebrated dynamic time warping ( dtw ) discrepancy . unlike the euclidean distance , dtw can compare time series of variable size and is robust to shifts or dilatations across the time dimension . to compute dtw , one typically solves a minimal - cost alignment problem between two time series using dynamic programming . our work takes advantage of a smoothed formu ←
→ block - diagonal hessian - free optimization for training neural networks ; second - order methods for neural network optimization have several advantages over methods based on first - order gradient descent , including better scaling to large mini - batch sizes and fewer updates needed for convergence . but they are rarely applied to deep learning in practice because of high computational cost and the need for model - dependent algorithmic variations . we introduce a variant of the hessian - free method that leverages a bl ←
→ as you like it : localization via paired comparisons ; suppose that we wish to estimate a vector $\ mathbf { x }$ from a set of binary paired comparisons of the form "$\ mathbf { x }$ is closer to $\ mathbf { p }$ than to $\ mathbf { q }$" for various choices of vectors $\ mathbf { p }$ and $\ mathbf { q }$. the problem of estimating $\ mathbf { x }$ from this type of observation arises in a variety of contexts , including nonmetric multidimensional scaling , " unfolding ," and ranking problems , often because it provides a powerful and fle ←
→ iterative join - graph propagation ; the paper presents an iterative version of join - tree clustering that applies the message passing of join - tree clustering algorithm to join - graphs rather than to join - trees , iteratively . it is inspired by the success of pearl ' s belief propagation algorithm as an iterative approximation scheme on one hand , and by a recently introduced mini - clustering i . success as an anytime approximation method , on the other . the proposed iterative join - graph propagation ijgp belongs to the ←
→ onion - peeling outlier detection in 2 - d data sets ; outlier detection is a critical and cardinal research task due its array of applications in variety of domains ranging from data mining , clustering , statistical analysis , fraud detection , network intrusion detection and diagnosis of diseases etc . over the last few decades , distance - based outlier detection algorithms have gained significant reputation as a viable alternative to the more traditional statistical approaches due to their scalable , non - parametric ←
→ evolving fuzzy image segmentation with self - configuration ; current image segmentation techniques usually require that the user tune several parameters in order to obtain maximum segmentation accuracy , a computationally inefficient approach , especially when a large number of images must be processed sequentially in daily practice . the use of evolving fuzzy systems for designing a method that automatically adjusts parameters to segment medical images according to the quality expectation of expert users has b ←
→ recurrent - neural - network for language detection on twitter code - switching corpus ; mixed language data is one of the difficult yet less explored domains of natural language processing . most research in fields like machine translation or sentiment analysis assume monolingual input . however , people who are capable of using more than one language often communicate using multiple languages at the same time . sociolinguists believe this " code - switching " phenomenon to be socially motivated . for example , to expre ←
→ document context neural machine translation with memory networks ; we present a document - level neural machine translation model which takes both the source and target document contexts into account using memory networks . we model the problem as a structured prediction problem with interdependencies among the observed and hidden variables , i . e ., the source sentences and their unobserved target translations in the document . the resulting structured prediction problem is tackled with a neural translation model ←
→ an experimental evaluation of nearest neighbour time series classification ; data mining research into time series classification ( tsc ) has focussed on alternative distance measures for nearest neighbour classifiers . it is standard practice to use 1 - nn with euclidean or dynamic time warping ( dtw ) distance as a straw man for comparison . as part of a wider investigation into elastic distance measures for tsc ~\ cite { lines14elastic }, we perform a series of experiments to test whether this standard practice is ←
→ enhancing transparency of black - box soft - margin svm by integrating data - based prior information ; the lack of transparency often makes the black - box models difficult to be applied to many practical domains . for this reason , the current work , from the black - box model input port , proposes to incorporate data - based prior information into the black - box soft - margin svm model to enhance its transparency . the concept and incorporation mechanism of data - based prior information are successively developed , based on ←
→ voiceloop : voice fitting and synthesis via a phonological loop ; we present a new neural text to speech ( tts ) method that is able to transform text to speech in voices that are sampled in the wild . unlike other systems , our solution is able to deal with unconstrained voice samples and without requiring aligned phonemes or linguistic features . the network architecture is simpler than those in the existing literature and is based on a novel shifting buffer working memory . the same buffer is used for estimatin ←
→ accuracy of latent - variable estimation in bayesian semi - supervised learning ; hierarchical probabilistic models , such as gaussian mixture models , are widely used for unsupervised learning tasks . these models consist of observable and latent variables , which represent the observable data and the underlying data - generation process , respectively . unsupervised learning tasks , such as cluster analysis , are regarded as estimations of latent variables based on the observable ones . the estimation of latent variab ←
→ a geometric view of conjugate priors ; in bayesian machine learning , conjugate priors are popular , mostly due to mathematical convenience . in this paper , we show that there are deeper reasons for choosing a conjugate prior . specifically , we formulate the conjugate prior in the form of bregman divergence and show that it is the inherent geometry of conjugate priors that makes them appropriate and intuitive . this geometric interpretation allows one to view the hyperparameters of conjugate priors as the {\ it e ←
→ identification of orchid species using content - based flower image retrieval ; in this paper , we developed the system for recognizing the orchid species by using the images of flower . we used msrm ( maximal similarity based on region merging ) method for segmenting the flower object from the background and extracting the shape feature such as the distance from the edge to the centroid point of the flower , aspect ratio , roundness , moment invariant , fractal dimension and also extract color feature . we used hsv ←
→ concise fuzzy representation of big graphs : a dimensionality reduction approach ; the enormous amount of data to be represented using large graphs exceeds in some cases the resources of a conventional computer . edges in particular can take up a considerable amount of memory as compared to the number of nodes . however , rigorous edge storage might not always be essential to be able to draw the needed conclusions . a similar problem takes records with many variables and attempts to extract the most discernibl ←
→ real time detection of lane markers in urban streets ; we present a robust and real time approach to lane marker detection in urban streets . it is based on generating a top view of the road , filtering using selective oriented gaussian filters , using ransac line fitting to give initial guesses to a new and fast ransac algorithm for fitting bezier splines , which is then followed by a post - processing step . our algorithm can detect all lanes in still images of the street in various conditions , while operating a ←
→ entity retrieval and text mining for online reputation monitoring ; online reputation monitoring ( orm ) is concerned with the use of computational tools to measure the reputation of entities online , such as politicians or companies . in practice , current orm methods are constrained to the generation of data analytics reports , which aggregate statistics of popularity and sentiment on social media . we argue that this format is too restrictive as end users often like to have the flexibility to search for entity -←
→ factor temporal prognosis of tick - borne encephalitis foci functioning on the south of russian far east ; a method of temporal factor prognosis of te ( tick - borne encephalitis ) infection has been developed . the high precision of the prognosis results for a number of geographical regions of primorsky krai has been achieved . the method can be applied not only to epidemiological research but also to others .←
→ polarimetric sar image segmentation with b - splines and a new statistical model ; we present an approach for polarimetric synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) image region boundary detection based on the use of b - spline active contours and a new model for polarimetric sar data : the ghp distribution . in order to detect the boundary of a region , initial b - spline curves are specified , either automatically or manually , and the proposed algorithm uses a deformable contours technique to find the boundary . in doing thi ←
→ contrastive - center loss for deep neural networks ; the deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) has significantly raised the performance of image classification and face recognition . softmax is usually used as supervision , but it only penalizes the classification loss . in this paper , we propose a novel auxiliary supervision signal called contrastivecenter loss , which can further enhance the discriminative power of the features , for it learns a class center for each class . the proposed contrastive - center loss ←
→ deriving and combining continuous possibility functions in the framework of evidential reasoning ; to develop an approach to utilizing continuous statistical information within the dempster - shafer framework , we combine methods proposed by strat and by shafero we first derive continuous possibility and mass functions from probability - density functions . then we propose a rule for combining such evidence that is simpler and more efficiently computed than dempster ' s rule . we discuss the relationship between ←
→ recovering the optimal solution by dual random projection ; random projection has been widely used in data classification . it maps high - dimensional data into a low - dimensional subspace in order to reduce the computational cost in solving the related optimization problem . while previous studies are focused on analyzing the classification performance of using random projection , in this work , we consider the recovery problem , i . e ., how to accurately recover the optimal solution to the original optimization pro ←
→ a simple data discretizer ; data discretization is an important step in the process of machine learning , since it is easier for classifiers to deal with discrete attributes rather than continuous attributes . over the years , several methods of performing discretization such as boolean reasoning , equal frequency binning , entropy have been proposed , explored , and implemented . in this article , a simple supervised discretization approach is introduced . the prime goal of mil is to maximize classification accuracy ←
→ anova kernels and rkhs of zero mean functions for model - based sensitivity analysis ; given a reproducing kernel hilbert space h of real - valued functions and a suitable measure mu over the source space d ( subset of r ), we decompose h as the sum of a subspace of centered functions for mu and its orthogonal in h . this decomposition leads to a special case of anova kernels , for which the functional anova representation of the best predictor can be elegantly derived , either in an interpolation or regularizatio ←
→ expert level control of ramp metering based on multi - task deep reinforcement learning ; this article shows how the recent breakthroughs in reinforcement learning ( rl ) that have enabled robots to learn to play arcade video games , walk or assemble colored bricks , can be used to perform other tasks that are currently at the core of engineering cyberphysical systems . we present the first use of rl for the control of systems modeled by discretized non - linear partial differential equations ( pdes ) and devise a n ←
→ aggressive sampling for multi - class to binary reduction with applications to text classification ; we address the problem of multi - class classification in the case where the number of classes is very large . we propose a double sampling strategy on top of a multi - class to binary reduction strategy , which transforms the original multi - class problem into a binary classification problem over pairs of examples . the aim of the sampling strategy is to overcome the curse of long - tailed class distributions exhibit ←
→ porcellio scaber algorithm ( psa ) for solving constrained optimization problems ; in this paper , we extend a bio - inspired algorithm called the porcellio scaber algorithm ( psa ) to solve constrained optimization problems , including a constrained mixed discrete - continuous nonlinear optimization problem . our extensive experiment results based on benchmark optimization problems show that the psa has a better performance than many existing methods or algorithms . the results indicate that the psa is a promising a ←
→ mcts based on simple regret ; uct , a state - of - the art algorithm for monte carlo tree search ( mcts ) in games and markov decision processes , is based on ucb , a sampling policy for the multi - armed bandit problem ( mab ) that minimizes the cumulative regret . however , search differs from mab in that in mcts it is usually only the final " arm pull " ( the actual move selection ) that collects a reward , rather than all " arm pulls ". therefore , it makes more sense to minimize the simple regret , as opposed to the cumulativ ←
→ block - wise lensless compressive camera ; the existing lensless compressive camera ($\ text { l }^ 2 \ text { c }^ 2 $)~\ cite { huang13icip } suffers from low capture rates , resulting in low resolution images when acquired over a short time . in this work , we propose a new regime to mitigate these drawbacks . we replace the global - based compressive sensing used in the existing $\ text { l }^ 2 \ text { c }^ 2 $ by the local block ( patch ) based compressive sensing . we use a single sensor for each block , rather than for the entire image , ←
→ explore , exploit or listen : combining human feedback and policy model to speed up deep reinforcement learning in 3d worlds ; we describe a method to use discrete human feedback to enhance the performance of deep learning agents in virtual three - dimensional environments by extending deep - reinforcement learning to model the confidence and consistency of human feedback . this enables deep reinforcement learning algorithms to determine the most appropriate time to listen to the human feedback , exploit the curr ←
→ byzantine - robust distributed learning : towards optimal statistical rates ; in large - scale distributed learning , security issues have become increasingly important . particularly in a decentralized environment , some computing units may behave abnormally , or even exhibit byzantine failures --- arbitrary and potentially adversarial behavior . in this paper , we develop distributed learning algorithms that are provably robust against such failures , with a focus on achieving optimal statistical performance . a main re ←
→ deep convolutional neural networks with merge - and - run mappings ; a deep residual network , built by stacking a sequence of residual blocks , is easy to train , because identity mappings skip residual branches and thus improve information flow . to further reduce the training difficulty , we present a simple network architecture , deep merge - and - run neural networks . the novelty lies in a modularized building block , merge - and - run block , which assembles residual branches in parallel through a merge - and - run mapping : ←
→ standards for language resources in iso -- looking back at 13 fruitful years ; this paper provides an overview of the various projects carried out within iso committee tc 37 / sc 4 dealing with the management of language ( digital ) resources . on the basis of the technical experience gained in the committee and the wider standardization landscape the paper identifies some possible trends for the future .←
→ emergence of linguistic laws in human voice ; linguistic laws constitute one of the quantitative cornerstones of modern cognitive sciences and have been routinely investigated in written corpora , or in the equivalent transcription of oral corpora . this means that inferences of statistical patterns of language in acoustics are biased by the arbitrary , language - dependent segmentation of the signal , and virtually precludes the possibility of making comparative studies between human voice and other animal commu ←
→ time - dependent hierarchical dirichlet model for timeline generation ; timeline generation aims at summarizing news from different epochs and telling readers how an event evolves . it is a new challenge that combines salience ranking with novelty detection . for long - term public events , the main topic usually includes various aspects across different epochs and each aspect has its own evolving pattern . existing approaches neglect such hierarchical topic structure involved in the news corpus in timeline generat ←
→ low - rank matrix completion with noisy observations : a quantitative comparison ; we consider a problem of significant practical importance , namely , the reconstruction of a low - rank data matrix from a small subset of its entries . this problem appears in many areas such as collaborative filtering , computer vision and wireless sensor networks . in this paper , we focus on the matrix completion problem in the case when the observed samples are corrupted by noise . we compare the performance of three state - of - the -←
→ advanced phase retrieval : maximum likelihood technique with sparse regularization of phase and amplitude ; sparse modeling is one of the efficient techniques for imaging that allows recovering lost information . in this paper , we present a novel iterative phase - retrieval algorithm using a sparse representation of the object amplitude and phase . the algorithm is derived in terms of a constrained maximum likelihood , where the wave field reconstruction is performed using a number of noisy intensity - only obser ←
→ hybrid systems knowledge representation using modelling environment system techniques artificial intelligence ; knowledge - based or artificial intelligence techniques are used increasingly as alternatives to more classical techniques to model environmental systems . use of artificial intelligence ( ai ) in environmental modelling has increased with recognition of its potential . in this paper we examine the different techniques of artificial intelligence with profound examples of human perception , learning and ←
→ universal reinforcement learning algorithms : survey and experiments ; many state - of - the - art reinforcement learning ( rl ) algorithms typically assume that the environment is an ergodic markov decision process ( mdp ). in contrast , the field of universal reinforcement learning ( url ) is concerned with algorithms that make as few assumptions as possible about the environment . the universal bayesian agent aixi and a family of related url algorithms have been developed in this setting . while numerous theoretical opt ←
→ a matlab implementation of a flat norm motivated polygonal edge matching method using a decomposition of boundary into four 1 - dimensional currents ; we describe and provide code and examples for a polygonal edge matching method .←
→ prediction of seasonal temperature using soft computing techniques : application in benevento ( southern italy ) area ; in this work two soft computing methods , artificial neural networks and genetic programming , are proposed in order to forecast the mean temperature that will occur in future seasons . the area in which the soft computing techniques were applied is that of the surroundings of the town of benevento , in the south of italy , having geographic coordinates ( lat . 41 {\ deg } 07 ' 50 " n ; long . 14 {\ deg } 47 ' 13 "←
→ misspecified nonconvex statistical optimization for phase retrieval ; existing nonconvex statistical optimization theory and methods crucially rely on the correct specification of the underlying " true " statistical models . to address this issue , we take a first step towards taming model misspecification by studying the high - dimensional sparse phase retrieval problem with misspecified link functions . in particular , we propose a simple variant of the thresholded wirtinger flow algorithm that , given a proper in ←
→ long short - term memory based convolutional recurrent neural networks for large vocabulary speech recognition ; long short - term memory ( lstm ) recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have been shown to give state - of - the - art performance on many speech recognition tasks , as they are able to provide the learned dynamically changing contextual window of all sequence history . on the other hand , the convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have brought significant improvements to deep feed - forward neural networks ( ffnns ), a ←
→ evolutionary approaches to expensive optimisation ; surrogate assisted evolutionary algorithms ( ea ) are rapidly gaining popularity where applications of ea in complex real world problem domains are concerned . although eas are powerful global optimizers , finding optimal solution to complex high dimensional , multimodal problems often require very expensive fitness function evaluations . needless to say , this could brand any population - based iterative optimization technique to be the most crippling choice to ha ←
→ random sampling for fast face sketch synthesis ; exemplar - based face sketch synthesis plays an important role in both digital entertainment and law enforcement . it generally consists of two parts : neighbor selection and reconstruction weight representation . the most time - consuming or main computation complexity for exemplar - based face sketch synthesis methods lies in the neighbor selection process . state - of - the - art face sketch synthesis methods perform neighbor selection online in a data - driven manner by $ k ←
→ perturbation of the eigenvectors of the graph laplacian : application to image denoising ; the original contributions of this paper are twofold : a new understanding of the influence of noise on the eigenvectors of the graph laplacian of a set of image patches , and an algorithm to estimate a denoised set of patches from a noisy image . the algorithm relies on the following two observations : ( 1 ) the low - index eigenvectors of the diffusion , or graph laplacian , operators are very robust to random perturbations ←
→ scientific document summarization via citation contextualization and scientific discourse ; the rapid growth of scientific literature has made it difficult for the researchers to quickly learn about the developments in their respective fields . scientific document summarization addresses this challenge by providing summaries of the important contributions of scientific papers . we present a framework for scientific summarization which takes advantage of the citations and the scientific discourse structure . ←
→ visual - inertial monocular slam with map reuse ; in recent years there have been excellent results in visual - inertial odometry techniques , which aim to compute the incremental motion of the sensor with high accuracy and robustness . however these approaches lack the capability to close loops , and trajectory estimation accumulates drift even if the sensor is continually revisiting the same place . in this work we present a novel tightly - coupled visual - inertial simultaneous localization and mapping system that i ←
→ subjective and objective evaluation of english to urdu machine translation ; machine translation is research based area where evaluation is very important phenomenon for checking the quality of mt output . the work is based on the evaluation of english to urdu machine translation . in this research work we have evaluated the translation quality of urdu language which has been translated by using different machine translation systems like google , babylon and ijunoon . the evaluation process is done by using t ←
→ big data and the sp theory of intelligence ; this article is about how the " sp theory of intelligence " and its realisation in the " sp machine " may , with advantage , be applied to the management and analysis of big data . the sp system -- introduced in the article and fully described elsewhere -- may help to overcome the problem of variety in big data : it has potential as " a universal framework for the representation and processing of diverse kinds of knowledge " ( ufk ), helping to reduce the diversity of formal ←
→ compressive adaptive computational ghost imaging ; compressive sensing is considered a huge breakthrough in signal acquisition . it allows recording an image consisting of $ n ^ 2 $ pixels using much fewer than $ n ^ 2 $ measurements if it can be transformed to a basis where most pixels take on negligibly small values . standard compressive sensing techniques suffer from the computational overhead needed to reconstruct an image with typical computation times between hours and days and are thus not optimal for applica ←
→ restricting the weak - generative capacity of synchronous tree - adjoining grammars ; the formalism of synchronous tree - adjoining grammars , a variant of standard tree - adjoining grammars ( tag ), was intended to allow the use of tags for language transduction in addition to language specification . in previous work , the definition of the transduction relation defined by a synchronous tag was given by appeal to an iterative rewriting process . the rewriting definition of derivation is problematic in that it greatly ←
→ on improving energy efficiency within green femtocell networks : a hierarchical reinforcement learning approach ; one of the efficient solutions of improving coverage and increasing capacity in cellular networks is the deployment of femtocells . as the cellular networks are becoming more complex , energy consumption of whole network infrastructure is becoming important in terms of both operational costs and environmental impacts . this paper investigates energy efficiency of two - tier femtocell networks throug ←
→ on the suitable domain for svm training in image coding ; conventional svm - based image coding methods are founded on independently restricting the distortion in every image coefficient at some particular image representation . geometrically , this implies allowing arbitrary signal distortions in an $ n $- dimensional rectangle defined by the $\ varepsilon $- insensitivity zone in each dimension of the selected image representation domain . unfortunately , not every image representation domain is well - suited for such ←
→ direct learning to rank and rerank ; learning - to - rank techniques have proven to be extremely useful for prioritization problems , where we rank items in order of their estimated probabilities , and dedicate our limited resources to the top - ranked items . this work exposes a serious problem with the state of learning - to - rank algorithms , which is that they are based on convex proxies that lead to poor approximations . we then discuss the possibility of " exact " reranking algorithms based on mathematical programmin ←
→ topical differences between chinese language twitter and sina weibo ; sina weibo , china ' s most popular microblogging platform , is currently used by over $ 500m $ users and is considered to be a proxy of chinese social life . in this study , we contrast the discussions occurring on sina weibo and on chinese language twitter in order to observe two different strands of chinese culture : people within china who use sina weibo with its government imposed restrictions and those outside that are free to speak complete ←
→ robust online matrix factorization for dynamic background subtraction ; we propose an effective online background subtraction method , which can be robustly applied to practical videos that have variations in both foreground and background . different from previous methods which often model the foreground as gaussian or laplacian distributions , we model the foreground for each frame with a specific mixture of gaussians ( mog ) distribution , which is updated online frame by frame . particularly , our mog model in ←
→ on the role of words in the network structure of texts : application to authorship attribution ; well - established automatic analyses of texts mainly consider frequencies of linguistic units , e . g . letters , words and bigrams , while methods based on co - occurrence networks consider the structure of texts regardless of the nodes label ( i . e . the words semantics ). in this paper , we reconcile these distinct viewpoints by introducing a generalized similarity measure to compare texts which accounts for both the netw ←
→ two new approaches to compressed sensing exhibiting both robust sparse recovery and the grouping effect ; in this paper we introduce a new optimization formulation for sparse regression and compressed sensing , called clot ( combined l - one and two ), wherein the regularizer is a convex combination of the $\ ell_1 $- and $\ ell_2 $- norms . this formulation differs from the elastic net ( en ) formulation , in which the regularizer is a convex combination of the $\ ell_1 $- and $\ ell_2 $- norm squared . it is shown that , in ←
→ a novel multi - detector fusion framework for multi - object tracking ; in order to track all persons in a scene , the tracking - by - detection paradigm has proven to be a very effective approach . yet , relying solely on a single detector is also a major limitation , as useful image information might be ignored . this work demonstrates how to incorporate several detectors into a tracking system , using a novel multi - object tracking formulation . we cast tracking as a weighted graph labeling problem , resulting in a binar ←
→ local activity - tuned image filtering for noise removal and image smoothing ; in this paper , two local activity - tuned filtering frameworks are proposed for noise removal and image smoothing , where the local activity measurement is given by the clipped and normalized local variance or standard deviation . the first framework is a modified anisotropic diffusion for noise removal of piece - wise smooth image . the second framework is a local activity - tuned relative total variation ( lat - rtv ) method for image smoot ←
→ learning with rules ; complex classifiers may exhibit " embarassing " failures in cases that would be easily classified and justified by a human . avoiding such failures is obviously paramount , particularly in domains where we cannot accept this unexplained behavior . in this work , we focus on one such setting , where a label is perfectly predictable if the input contains certain features , and otherwise , it is predictable by a linear classifier . we define a related hypothesis class and determine its sample compl ←
→ optimal sparse linear auto - encoders and sparse pca ; principal components analysis ( pca ) is the optimal linear auto - encoder of data , and it is often used to construct features . enforcing sparsity on the principal components can promote better generalization , while improving the interpretability of the features . we study the problem of constructing optimal sparse linear auto - encoders . two natural questions in such a setting are : i ) given a level of sparsity , what is the best approximation to pca that can be ←
→ semi - supervised learning with generative adversarial networks ; we extend generative adversarial networks ( gans ) to the semi - supervised context by forcing the discriminator network to output class labels . we train a generative model g and a discriminator d on a dataset with inputs belonging to one of n classes . at training time , d is made to predict which of n + 1 classes the input belongs to , where an extra class is added to correspond to the outputs of g . we show that this method can be used to create a mor ←
→ cloud detection from rgb color remote sensing images with deep pyramid networks ; cloud detection from remotely observed data is a critical pre - processing step for various remote sensing applications . in particular , this problem becomes even harder for rgb color images , since there is no distinct spectral pattern for clouds , which is directly separable from the earth surface . in this paper , we adapt a deep pyramid network ( dpn ) to tackle this problem . for this purpose , the network is enhanced with a pre - t ←
→ detecting parameter symmetries in probabilistic models ; probabilistic models often have parameters that can be translated , scaled , permuted , or otherwise transformed without changing the model . these symmetries can lead to strong correlation and multimodality in the posterior distribution over the model ' s parameters , which can pose challenges both for performing inference and interpreting the results . in this work , we address the automatic detection of common problematic model symmetries . to do so , we intr ←
→ termhood - based comparability metrics of comparable corpus in special domain ; cross - language information retrieval ( clir ) and machine translation ( mt ) resources , such as dictionaries and parallel corpora , are scarce and hard to come by for special domains . besides , these resources are just limited to a few languages , such as english , french , and spanish and so on . so , obtaining comparable corpora automatically for such domains could be an answer to this problem effectively . comparable corpora , that the su ←
→ automatic differentiation of algorithms for machine learning ; automatic differentiation --- the mechanical transformation of numeric computer programs to calculate derivatives efficiently and accurately --- dates to the origin of the computer age . reverse mode automatic differentiation both antedates and generalizes the method of backwards propagation of errors used in machine learning . despite this , practitioners in a variety of fields , including machine learning , have been little influenced by automatic diff ←
→ the perception - distortion tradeoff ; image restoration algorithms are typically evaluated by some distortion measure ( e . g . psnr , ssim , ifc , vif ) or by human opinion scores that quantify perceived perceptual quality . in this paper , we prove mathematically that distortion and perceptual quality are at odds with each other . specifically , we study the optimal probability for correctly discriminating the outputs of an image restoration algorithm from real images . we show that as the mean distortion decreases , th ←
→ equivalence of probabilistic tournament and polynomial ranking selection ; crucial to an evolutionary algorithm ' s performance is its selection scheme . we mathematically investigate the relation between polynomial rank and probabilistic tournament methods which are ( respectively ) generalisations of the popular linear ranking and tournament selection schemes . we show that every probabilistic tournament is equivalent to a unique polynomial rank scheme . in fact , we derived explicit operators for translating bet ←
→ loosecut : interactive image segmentation with loosely bounded boxes ; one popular approach to interactively segment the foreground object of interest from an image is to annotate a bounding box that covers the foreground object . then , a binary labeling is performed to achieve a refined segmentation . one major issue of the existing algorithms for such interactive image segmentation is their preference of an input bounding box that tightly encloses the foreground object . this increases the annotation burden , ←
→ onts : " optima " news translation system ; we propose a real - time machine translation system that allows users to select a news category and to translate the related live news articles from arabic , czech , danish , farsi , french , german , italian , polish , portuguese , spanish and turkish into english . the moses - based system was optimised for the news domain and differs from other available systems in four ways : ( 1 ) news items are automatically categorised on the source side , before translation ; ( 2 ) named entity t ←
→ on graphical modeling of preference and importance ; in recent years , cp - nets have emerged as a useful tool for supporting preference elicitation , reasoning , and representation . cp - nets capture and support reasoning with qualitative conditional preference statements , statements that are relatively natural for users to express . in this paper , we extend the cp - nets formalism to handle another class of very natural qualitative statements one often uses in expressing preferences in daily life - statements of re ←
→ scaling up decentralized mdps through heuristic search ; decentralized partially observable markov decision processes ( dec - pomdps ) are rich models for cooperative decision - making under uncertainty , but are often intractable to solve optimally ( nexp - complete ). the transition and observation independent dec - mdp is a general subclass that has been shown to have complexity in np , but optimal algorithms for this subclass are still inefficient in practice . in this paper , we first provide an updated proof that an ←
→ aggregating incoherent agents who disagree ; in this paper , we explore how we should aggregate the degrees of belief of of a group of agents to give a single coherent set of degrees of belief , when at least some of those agents might be probabilistically incoherent . there are a number of way of aggregating degrees of belief , and there are a number of ways of fixing incoherent degrees of belief . when we have picked one of each , should we aggregate first and then fix , or fix first and then aggregate ? or shoul ←
→ on the sample complexity of learning from a sequence of experiments ; we analyze the sample complexity of a new problem : learning from a sequence of experiments . in this problem , the learner should choose a hypothesis that performs well with respect to an infinite sequence of experiments , and their related data distributions . in practice , the learner can only perform m experiments with a total of n samples drawn from those data distributions . by using a rademacher complexity approach , we show that the gap b ←
→ map - guided hyperspectral image superpixel segmentation using proportion maps ; a map - guided superpixel segmentation method for hyperspectral imagery is developed and introduced . the proposed approach develops a hyperspectral - appropriate version of the slic superpixel segmentation algorithm , leverages map information to guide segmentation , and incorporates the semi - supervised partial membership latent dirichlet allocation ( spm - lda ) to obtain a final superpixel segmentation . the proposed method is applied t ←
→ joint tensor factorization and outlying slab suppression with applications ; we consider factoring low - rank tensors in the presence of outlying slabs . this problem is important in practice , because data collected in many real - world applications , such as speech , fluorescence , and some social network data , fit this paradigm . prior work tackles this problem by iteratively selecting a fixed number of slabs and fitting , a procedure which may not converge . we formulate this problem from a group - sparsity promoti ←
→ scalable nearest neighbor search based on knn graph ; nearest neighbor search is known as a challenging issue that has been studied for several decades . recently , this issue becomes more and more imminent in viewing that the big data problem arises from various fields . in this paper , a scalable solution based on hill - climbing strategy with the support of k - nearest neighbor graph ( knn ) is presented . two major issues have been considered in the paper . firstly , an efficient knn graph construction method based ←
→ high dimensional data modeling techniques for detection of chemical plumes and anomalies in hyperspectral images and movies ; we briefly review recent progress in techniques for modeling and analyzing hyperspectral images and movies , in particular for detecting plumes of both known and unknown chemicals . for detecting chemicals of known spectrum , we extend the technique of using a single subspace for modeling the background to a " mixture of subspaces " model to tackle more complicated background . furthermo ←
→ a general statistic framework for genome - based disease risk prediction ; advances of modern sensing and sequencing technologies generate a deluge of high dimensional space - temporal physiological and next - generation sequencing ( ngs ) data . physiological traits are observed either as continuous random functions , or on a dense grid and referred to as function - valued traits . both physiological and ngs data are highly correlated data with their inherent order , spacing , and functional nature which are ignored by t ←
→ gate activation signal analysis for gated recurrent neural networks and its correlation with phoneme boundaries ; in this paper we analyze the gate activation signals inside the gated recurrent neural networks , and find the temporal structure of such signals is highly correlated with the phoneme boundaries . this correlation is further verified by a set of experiments for phoneme segmentation , in which better results compared to standard approaches were obtained .←
→ novelty search in competitive coevolution ; one of the main motivations for the use of competitive coevolution systems is their ability to capitalise on arms races between competing species to evolve increasingly sophisticated solutions . such arms races can , however , be hard to sustain , and it has been shown that the competing species often converge prematurely to certain classes of behaviours . in this paper , we investigate if and how novelty search , an evolutionary technique driven by behavioural novelty , ←
→ a new probabilistic algorithm for approximate model counting ; constrained counting is important in domains ranging from artificial intelligence to software analysis . there are already a few approaches for counting models over various types of constraints . recently , hashing - based approaches achieve both theoretical guarantees and scalability , but still rely on solution enumeration . in this paper , a new probabilistic polynomial time approximate model counter is proposed , which is also a hashing - based univers ←
→ sharing residual units through collective tensor factorization in deep neural networks ; residual units are wildly used for alleviating optimization difficulties when building deep neural networks . however , the performance gain does not well compensate the model size increase , indicating low parameter efficiency in these residual units . in this work , we first revisit the residual function in several variations of residual units and demonstrate that these residual functions can actually be explained with a ←
→ grounding recursive aggregates : preliminary report ; problem solving in answer set programming consists of two steps , a first grounding phase , systematically replacing all variables by terms , and a second solving phase computing the stable models of the obtained ground program . an intricate part of both phases is the treatment of aggregates , which are popular language constructs that allow for expressing properties over sets . in this paper , we elaborate upon the treatment of aggregates during grounding in g ←
→ a robust fuzzy clustering technique with spatial neighborhood information for effective medical image segmentation ; medical image segmentation demands an efficient and robust segmentation algorithm against noise . the conventional fuzzy c - means algorithm is an efficient clustering algorithm that is used in medical image segmentation . but fcm is highly vulnerable to noise since it uses only intensity values for clustering the images . this paper aims to develop a novel and efficient fuzzy spatial c - means cl ←
→ joint person re - identification and camera network topology inference in multiple cameras ; person re - identification is the task of recognizing or identifying a person across multiple views in multi - camera networks . although there has been much progress in person re - identification , person re - identification in large - scale multi - camera networks still remains a challenging task because of the large spatio - temporal uncertainty and high complexity due to a large number of cameras and people . to handle these dif ←
→ domain and function : a dual - space model of semantic relations and compositions ; given appropriate representations of the semantic relations between carpenter and wood and between mason and stone ( for example , vectors in a vector space model ), a suitable algorithm should be able to recognize that these relations are highly similar ( carpenter is to wood as mason is to stone ; the relations are analogous ). likewise , with representations of dog , house , and kennel , an algorithm should be able to recognize that ←
→ deep learning models delineates multiple nuclear phenotypes in h & e stained histology sections ; nuclear segmentation is an important step for profiling aberrant regions of histology sections . however , segmentation is a complex problem as a result of variations in nuclear geometry ( e . g ., size , shape ), nuclear type ( e . g ., epithelial , fibroblast ), and nuclear phenotypes ( e . g ., vesicular , aneuploidy ). the problem is further complicated as a result of variations in sample preparation . it is shown and validated ←
→ joint multimodal learning with deep generative models ; we investigate deep generative models that can exchange multiple modalities bi - directionally , e . g ., generating images from corresponding texts and vice versa . recently , some studies handle multiple modalities on deep generative models , such as variational autoencoders ( vaes ). however , these models typically assume that modalities are forced to have a conditioned relation , i . e ., we can only generate modalities in one direction . to achieve our objective ,←
→ microscopic approach of a time elapsed neural model ; the spike trains are the main components of the information processing in the brain . to model spike trains several point processes have been investigated in the literature . and more macroscopic approaches have also been studied , using partial differential equation models . the main aim of the present article is to build a bridge between several point processes models ( poisson , wold , hawkes ) that have been proved to statistically fit real spike trains data ←
→ neural decomposition of time - series data for effective generalization ; we present a neural network technique for the analysis and extrapolation of time - series data called neural decomposition ( nd ). units with a sinusoidal activation function are used to perform a fourier - like decomposition of training samples into a sum of sinusoids , augmented by units with nonperiodic activation functions to capture linear trends and other nonperiodic components . we show how careful weight initialization can be combined w ←
→ probabilistic graphical models for credibility analysis in evolving online communities ; one of the major hurdles preventing the full exploitation of information from online communities is the widespread concern regarding the quality and credibility of user - contributed content . prior works in this domain operate on a static snapshot of the community , making strong assumptions about the structure of the data ( e . g ., relational tables ), or consider only shallow features for text classification . to address ←
→ comparison of different t - norm operators in classification problems ; fuzzy rule based classification systems are one of the most popular fuzzy modeling systems used in pattern classification problems . this paper investigates the effect of applying nine different t - norms in fuzzy rule based classification systems . in the recent researches , fuzzy versions of confidence and support merits from the field of data mining have been widely used for both rules selecting and weighting in the construction of fuzzy ru ←
→ the parameterized complexity of global constraints ; we argue that parameterized complexity is a useful tool with which to study global constraints . in particular , we show that many global constraints which are intractable to propagate completely have natural parameters which make them fixed - parameter tractable and which are easy to compute . this tractability tends either to be the result of a simple dynamic program or of a decomposition which has a strong backdoor of bounded size . this strong backdoor is o ←
→ item recommendation with evolving user preferences and experience ; current recommender systems exploit user and item similarities by collaborative filtering . some advanced methods also consider the temporal evolution of item ratings as a global background process . however , all prior methods disregard the individual evolution of a user ' s experience level and how this is expressed in the user ' s writing in a review community . in this paper , we model the joint evolution of user experience , interest in specific ←
→ fast ridge regression with randomized principal component analysis and gradient descent ; we propose a new two stage algorithm ling for large scale regression problems . ling has the same risk as the well known ridge regression under the fixed design setting and can be computed much faster . our experiments have shown that ling performs well in terms of both prediction accuracy and computational efficiency compared with other large scale regression algorithms like gradient descent , stochastic gradient desce ←
→ alive caricature from 2d to 3d ; caricature is an art form that expresses subjects in abstract , simple and exaggerated view . while many caricatures are 2d images , this paper presents an algorithm for creating expressive 3d caricatures from 2d caricature images with a minimum of user interaction . the key idea of our approach is to introduce an intrinsic deformation representation that has a capacity of extrapolation enabling us to create a deformation space from standard face dataset , which maintains face co ←
→ swellshark : a generative model for biomedical named entity recognition without labeled data ; we present swellshark , a framework for building biomedical named entity recognition ( ner ) systems quickly and without hand - labeled data . our approach views biomedical resources like lexicons as function primitives for autogenerating weak supervision . we then use a generative model to unify and denoise this supervision and construct large - scale , probabilistically labeled datasets for training high - accuracy ner tag ←
→ expanded parts model for semantic description of humans in still images ; we introduce an expanded parts model ( epm ) for recognizing human attributes ( e . g . young , short hair , wearing suit ) and actions ( e . g . running , jumping ) in still images . an epm is a collection of part templates which are learnt discriminatively to explain specific scale - space regions in the images ( in human centric coordinates ). this is in contrast to current models which consist of a relatively few ( i . e . a mixture of ) ' average ' templat ←
→ modelling uncertainty in deep learning for camera relocalization ; we present a robust and real - time monocular six degree of freedom visual relocalization system . we use a bayesian convolutional neural network to regress the 6 - dof camera pose from a single rgb image . it is trained in an end - to - end manner with no need of additional engineering or graph optimisation . the algorithm can operate indoors and outdoors in real time , taking under 6ms to compute . it obtains approximately 2m and 6 degrees accuracy for ←
→ the role of dimensionality reduction in linear classification ; dimensionality reduction ( dr ) is often used as a preprocessing step in classification , but usually one first fixes the dr mapping , possibly using label information , and then learns a classifier ( a filter approach ). best performance would be obtained by optimizing the classification error jointly over dr mapping and classifier ( a wrapper approach ), but this is a difficult nonconvex problem , particularly with nonlinear dr . using the method of aux ←
→ from gameplay to symbolic reasoning : learning sat solver heuristics in the style of alpha ( go ) zero ; despite the recent successes of deep neural networks in various fields such as image and speech recognition , natural language processing , and reinforcement learning , we still face big challenges in bringing the power of numeric optimization to symbolic reasoning . researchers have proposed different avenues such as neural machine translation for proof synthesis , vectorization of symbols and expressions for ←
→ title generation for user generated videos ; a great video title describes the most salient event compactly and captures the viewer ' s attention . in contrast , video captioning tends to generate sentences that describe the video as a whole . although generating a video title automatically is a very useful task , it is much less addressed than video captioning . we address video title generation for the first time by proposing two methods that extend state - of - the - art video captioners to this new task . first , we m ←
→ ncbo ontology recommender 2 . 0 : an enhanced approach for biomedical ontology recommendation ; biomedical researchers use ontologies to annotate their data with ontology terms , enabling better data integration and interoperability . however , the number , variety and complexity of current biomedical ontologies make it cumbersome for researchers to determine which ones to reuse for their specific needs . to overcome this problem , in 2010 the national center for biomedical ontology ( ncbo ) released the ontology re ←
→ tightening mrf relaxations with planar subproblems ; we describe a new technique for computing lower - bounds on the minimum energy configuration of a planar markov random field ( mrf ). our method successively adds large numbers of constraints and enforces consistency over binary projections of the original problem state space . these constraints are represented in terms of subproblems in a dual - decomposition framework that is optimized using subgradient techniques . the complete set of constraints we consider e ←
→ quantifying the effects of enforcing disentanglement on variational autoencoders ; the notion of disentangled autoencoders was proposed as an extension to the variational autoencoder by introducing a disentanglement parameter $\ beta $, controlling the learning pressure put on the possible underlying latent representations . for certain values of $\ beta $ this kind of autoencoders is capable of encoding independent input generative factors in separate elements of the code , leading to a more interpretable and ←
→ do convolutional neural networks act as compositional nearest neighbors ? ; we present a simple approach based on pixel - wise nearest neighbors to understand and interpret the internal operations of state - of - the - art neural networks for pixel - level tasks . specifically , we aim to understand the synthesis and prediction mechanisms of state - of - the - art convolutional neural networks for pixel - level tasks . to this end , we primarily analyze the synthesis process of generative models and the prediction mechanism of di ←
→ an analytic framework for maritime situation analysis ; maritime domain awareness is critical for protecting sea lanes , ports , harbors , offshore structures and critical infrastructures against common threats and illegal activities . limited surveillance resources constrain maritime domain awareness and compromise full security coverage at all times . this situation calls for innovative intelligent systems for interactive situation analysis to assist marine authorities and security personal in their routine su ←
→ improving statistical multimedia information retrieval model by using ontology ; a typical ir system that delivers and stores information is affected by problem of matching between user query and available content on web . use of ontology represents the extracted terms in form of network graph consisting of nodes , edges , index terms etc . the above mentioned ir approaches provide relevance thus satisfying users query . the paper also emphasis on analyzing multimedia documents and performs calculation for ext ←
→ crowdsourcing universal part - of - speech tags for code - switching ; code - switching is the phenomenon by which bilingual speakers switch between multiple languages during communication . the importance of developing language technologies for codeswitching data is immense , given the large populations that routinely code - switch . high - quality linguistic annotations are extremely valuable for any nlp task , and performance is often limited by the amount of high - quality labeled data . however , little such data exists f ←
→ fashion apparel detection : the role of deep convolutional neural network and pose - dependent priors ; in this work , we propose and address a new computer vision task , which we call fashion item detection , where the aim is to detect various fashion items a person in the image is wearing or carrying . the types of fashion items we consider in this work include hat , glasses , bag , pants , shoes and so on . the detection of fashion items can be an important first step of various e - commerce applications for fashion ←
→ transductive - inductive cluster approximation via multivariate chebyshev inequality ; approximating adequate number of clusters in multidimensional data is an open area of research , given a level of compromise made on the quality of acceptable results . the manuscript addresses the issue by formulating a transductive inductive learning algorithm which uses multivariate chebyshev inequality . considering clustering problem in imaging , theoretical proofs for a particular level of compromise are derived to show ←
→ causal models have no complete axiomatic characterization ; markov networks and bayesian networks are effective graphic representations of the dependencies embedded in probabilistic models . it is well known that independencies captured by markov networks ( called graph - isomorphs ) have a finite axiomatic characterization . this paper , however , shows that independencies captured by bayesian networks ( called causal models ) have no axiomatization by using even countably many horn or disjunctive clauses . this is b ←
→ keyframe - based monocular slam : design , survey , and future directions ; extensive research in the field of monocular slam for the past fifteen years has yielded workable systems that found their way into various applications in robotics and augmented reality . although filter - based monocular slam systems were common at some time , the more efficient keyframe - based solutions are becoming the de facto methodology for building a monocular slam system . the objective of this paper is threefold : first , the paper ser ←
→ discovering discriminative cell attributes for hep - 2 specimen image classification ; recently , there has been a growing interest in developing computer aided diagnostic ( cad ) systems for improving the reliability and consistency of pathology test results . this paper describes a novel cad system for the anti - nuclear antibody ( ana ) test via indirect immunofluorescence protocol on human epithelial type 2 ( hep - 2 ) cells . while prior works have primarily focused on classifying cell images extracted from ana spe ←
→ so ( 3 )- invariant asymptotic observers for dense depth field estimation based on visual data and known camera motion ; in this paper , we use known camera motion associated to a video sequence of a static scene in order to estimate and incrementally refine the surrounding depth field . we exploit the so ( 3 )- invariance of brightness and depth fields dynamics to customize standard image processing techniques . inspired by the horn - schunck method , we propose a so ( 3 )- invariant cost to estimate the depth field . at e ←
→ dimreduction - interactive graphic environment for dimensionality reduction ; feature selection is a pattern recognition approach to choose important variables according to some criteria to distinguish or explain certain phenomena . there are many genomic and proteomic applications which rely on feature selection to answer questions such as : selecting signature genes which are informative about some biological state , e . g . normal tissues and several types of cancer ; or defining a network of prediction or in ←
→ multispectral deep neural networks for pedestrian detection ; multispectral pedestrian detection is essential for around - the - clock applications , e . g ., surveillance and autonomous driving . we deeply analyze faster r - cnn for multispectral pedestrian detection task and then model it into a convolutional network ( convnet ) fusion problem . further , we discover that convnet - based pedestrian detectors trained by color or thermal images separately provide complementary information in discriminating human instances . ←
→ a solution for crime scene reconstruction using time - of - flight cameras ; in this work , we propose a method for three - dimensional ( 3d ) reconstruction of wide crime scene , based on a simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ) approach . we used a kinect v2 time - of - flight ( tof ) rgb - d camera to provide colored dense point clouds at a 30 hz frequency . this device is moved freely ( 6 degrees of freedom ) during the scene exploration . the implemented slam solution aligns successive point clouds using an 3d keypoint ←
→ prediction of parallel speed - ups for las vegas algorithms ; we propose a probabilistic model for the parallel execution of las vegas algorithms , i . e ., randomized algorithms whose runtime might vary from one execution to another , even with the same input . this model aims at predicting the parallel performances ( i . e ., speedups ) by analysis the runtime distribution of the sequential runs of the algorithm . then , we study in practice the case of a particular las vegas algorithm for combinatorial optimization , on ←
→ efficiency evaluation of character - level rnn training schedules ; we present four training and prediction schedules from the same character - level recurrent neural network . the efficiency of these schedules is tested in terms of model effectiveness as a function of training time and amount of training data seen . we show that the choice of training and prediction schedule potentially has a considerable impact on the prediction effectiveness for a given training budget .←
→ refining raw sentence representations for textual entailment recognition via attention ; in this paper we present the model used by the team rivercorners for the 2017 repeval shared task . first , our model separately encodes a pair of sentences into variable - length representations by using a bidirectional lstm . later , it creates fixed - length raw representations by means of simple aggregation functions , which are then refined using an attention mechanism . finally it combines the refined representations of b ←
→ breaking the small cluster barrier of graph clustering ; this paper investigates graph clustering in the planted cluster model in the presence of {\ em small clusters }. traditional results dictate that for an algorithm to provably correctly recover the clusters , {\ em all } clusters must be sufficiently large ( in particular , $\ tilde {\ omega }(\ sqrt { n })$ where $ n $ is the number of nodes of the graph ). we show that this is not really a restriction : by a more refined analysis of the trace - norm based recovery approa ←
→ continuous on - line evolution of agent behaviours with cartesian genetic programming ; evolutionary computation has been successfully used to synthesise controllers for embodied agents and multi - agent systems in general . notwithstanding this , continuous on - line adaptation by the means of evolutionary algorithms is still under - explored , especially outside the evolutionary robotics domain . in this paper , we present an on - line evolutionary programming algorithm that searches in the agent design space for the ←
→ a directional diffusion algorithm for inpainting ; the problem of inpainting involves reconstructing the missing areas of an image . inpainting has many applications , such as reconstructing old damaged photographs or removing obfuscations from images . in this paper we present the directional diffusion algorithm for inpainting . typical diffusion algorithms are bad at propagating edges from the image into the unknown masked regions . the directional diffusion algorithm improves on the regular diffusion algorith ←
→ resnet in resnet : generalizing residual architectures ; residual networks ( resnets ) have recently achieved state - of - the - art on challenging computer vision tasks . we introduce resnet in resnet ( rir ): a deep dual - stream architecture that generalizes resnets and standard cnns and is easily implemented with no computational overhead . rir consistently improves performance over resnets , outperforms architectures with similar amounts of augmentation on cifar - 10 , and establishes a new state - of - the - art on cifar - 100 .←
→ reinforcement and imitation learning via interactive no - regret learning ; recent work has demonstrated that problems -- particularly imitation learning and structured prediction -- where a learner ' s predictions influence the input - distribution it is tested on can be naturally addressed by an interactive approach and analyzed using no - regret online learning . these approaches to imitation learning , however , neither require nor benefit from information about the cost of actions . we extend existing results in two ←
→ minimum message length clustering using gibbs sampling ; the k - mean and em algorithms are popular in clustering and mixture modeling , due to their simplicity and ease of implementation . however , they have several significant limitations . both coverage to a local optimum of their respective objective functions ( ignoring the uncertainty in the model space ), require the apriori specification of the number of classes / clsuters , and are inconsistent . in this work we overcome these limitations by using the minimum ←
→ a real time vehicles detection algorithm for vision based sensors ; a vehicle detection plays an important role in the traffic control at signalised intersections . this paper introduces a vision - based algorithm for vehicles presence recognition in detection zones . the algorithm uses linguistic variables to evaluate local attributes of an input image . the image attributes are categorised as vehicle , background or unknown features . experimental results on complex traffic scenes show that the proposed algorith ←
→ abhivyakti : a vision based intelligent system for elder and sick persons ; this paper describes an intelligent system abhivyakti , which would be pervasive in nature and based on the computer vision . it would be very easy in use and deployment . elder and sick people who are not able to talk or walk , they are dependent on other human beings and need continuous monitoring , while our system provides flexibility to the sick or elder person to announce his or her need to their caretaker by just showing a particul ←
→ a keygraph classification framework for real - time object detection ; in this paper , we propose a new approach for keypoint - based object detection . traditional keypoint - based methods consist in classifying individual points and using pose estimation to discard misclassifications . since a single point carries no relational features , such methods inherently restrict the usage of structural information to the pose estimation phase . therefore , the classifier considers purely appearance - based feature vectors , thu ←
→ together we know how to achieve : an epistemic logic of know - how ( extended abstract ) ; the existence of a coalition strategy to achieve a goal does not necessarily mean that the coalition has enough information to know how to follow the strategy . neither does it mean that the coalition knows that such a strategy exists . the paper studies an interplay between the distributed knowledge , coalition strategies , and coalition " know - how " strategies . the main technical result is a sound and complete trimodal logic ←
→ biology - derived algorithms in engineering optimization ; biology - derived algorithms are an important part of computational sciences , which are essential to many scientific disciplines and engineering applications . many computational methods are derived from or based on the analogy to natural evolution and biological activities , and these biologically inspired computations include genetic algorithms , neural networks , cellular automata , and other algorithms .←
→ quantum and concept combination , entangled measurements and prototype theory ; we analyze the meaning of the violation of the marginal probability law for situations of correlation measurements where entanglement is identified . we show that for quantum theory applied to the cognitive realm such a violation does not lead to the type of problems commonly believed to occur in situations of quantum theory applied to the physical realm . we briefly situate our quantum approach for modeling concepts and their co ←
→ differentially private variational inference for non - conjugate models ; many machine learning applications are based on data collected from people , such as their tastes and behaviour as well as biological traits and genetic data . regardless of how important the application might be , one has to make sure individuals ' identities or the privacy of the data are not compromised in the analysis . differential privacy constitutes a powerful framework that prevents breaching of data subject privacy from the output o ←
→ reasoning about unforeseen possibilities during policy learning ; methods for learning optimal policies in autonomous agents often assume that the way the domain is conceptualised --- its possible states and actions and their causal structure --- is known in advance and does not change during learning . this is an unrealistic assumption in many scenarios , because new evidence can reveal important information about what is possible , possibilities that the agent was not aware existed prior to learning . we present ←
→ hedging predictions in machine learning ; recent advances in machine learning make it possible to design efficient prediction algorithms for data sets with huge numbers of parameters . this paper describes a new technique for " hedging " the predictions output by many such algorithms , including support vector machines , kernel ridge regression , kernel nearest neighbours , and by many other state - of - the - art methods . the hedged predictions for the labels of new objects include quantitative measures of their own ac ←
→ an unsupervised learning model for deformable medical image registration ; we present an efficient learning - based algorithm for deformable , pairwise 3d medical image registration . current registration methods optimize an energy function independently for each pair of images , which can be time - consuming for large data . we define registration as a parametric function , and optimize its parameters given a set of images from a collection of interest . given a new pair of scans , we can quickly compute a registrati ←
→ on the use of non - stationary policies for infinite - horizon discounted markov decision processes ; we consider infinite - horizon $\ gamma $- discounted markov decision processes , for which it is known that there exists a stationary optimal policy . we consider the algorithm value iteration and the sequence of policies $\ pi_1 ,...,\ pi_k $ it implicitely generates until some iteration $ k $. we provide performance bounds for non - stationary policies involving the last $ m $ generated policies that reduce the state - of - th ←
→ asoc : an adaptive parameter - free stochastic optimization techinique for continuous variables ; stochastic optimization is an important task in many optimization problems where the tasks are not expressible as convex optimization problems . in the case of non - convex optimization problems , various different stochastic algorithms like simulated annealing , evolutionary algorithms , and tabu search are available . most of these algorithms require user - defined parameters specific to the problem in order to find ou ←
→ discovery and visualization of structural biomarkers from mri using transport - based morphometry ; disease in the brain is often associated with subtle , spatially diffuse , or complex tissue changes that may lie beneath the level of gross visual inspection , even on magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ). unfortunately , current computer - assisted approaches that examine pre - specified features , whether anatomically - defined ( i . e . thalamic volume , cortical thickness ) or based on pixelwise comparison ( i . e . deformation -←
→ multiclass learning with simplex coding ; in this paper we discuss a novel framework for multiclass learning , defined by a suitable coding / decoding strategy , namely the simplex coding , that allows to generalize to multiple classes a relaxation approach commonly used in binary classification . in this framework , a relaxation error analysis can be developed avoiding constraints on the considered hypotheses class . moreover , we show that in this setting it is possible to derive the first provably consistent regu ←
→ improving efficiency in convolutional neural network with multilinear filters ; the excellent performance of deep neural networks has enabled us to solve several automatization problems , opening an era of autonomous devices . however , current deep net architectures are heavy with millions of parameters and require billions of floating point operations . several works have been developed to compress a pre - trained deep network to reduce memory footprint and , possibly , computation . instead of compressing a pre ←
→ improving sparse word representations with distributional inference for semantic composition ; distributional models are derived from co - occurrences in a corpus , where only a small proportion of all possible plausible co - occurrences will be observed . this results in a very sparse vector space , requiring a mechanism for inferring missing knowledge . most methods face this challenge in ways that render the resulting word representations uninterpretable , with the consequence that semantic composition becomes ←
→ an integrated framework for treebanks and multilayer annotations ; treebank formats and associated software tools are proliferating rapidly , with little consideration for interoperability . we survey a wide variety of treebank structures and operations , and show how they can be mapped onto the annotation graph model , and leading to an integrated framework encompassing tree and non - tree annotations alike . this development opens up new possibilities for managing and exploiting multilayer annotations .←
→ models , networks and algorithmic complexity ; i aim to show that models , classification or generating functions , invariances and datasets are algorithmically equivalent concepts once properly defined , and provide some concrete examples of them . i then show that a ) neural networks ( nns ) of different kinds can be seen to implement models , b ) that perturbations of inputs and nodes in nns trained to optimally implement simple models propagate strongly , c ) that there is a framework in which recurrent , deep and s ←
→ online bayesian passive - aggressive learning ; online passive - aggressive ( pa ) learning is an effective framework for performing max - margin online learning . but the deterministic formulation and estimated single large - margin model could limit its capability in discovering descriptive structures underlying complex data . this pa - per presents online bayesian passive - aggressive ( bayespa ) learning , which subsumes the online pa and extends naturally to incorporate latent variables and perform nonparametric bayesia ←
→ action recognition based on joint trajectory maps with convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) have recently shown promising performance in many computer vision tasks , especially image - based recognition . how to effectively apply convnets to sequence - based data is still an open problem . this paper proposes an effective yet simple method to represent spatio - temporal information carried in $ 3d $ skeleton sequences into three $ 2d $ images by encoding the joint trajectories and t ←
→ client profiling for an anti - money laundering system ; we present a data mining approach for profiling bank clients in order to support the process of detection of anti - money laundering operations . we first present the overall system architecture , and then focus on the relevant component for this paper . we detail the experiments performed on real world data from a financial institution , which allowed us to group clients in clusters and then generate a set of classification rules . we discuss the relevance of ←
→ piecewise latent variables for neural variational text processing ; advances in neural variational inference have facilitated the learning of powerful directed graphical models with continuous latent variables , such as variational autoencoders . the hope is that such models will learn to represent rich , multi - modal latent factors in real - world data , such as natural language text . however , current models often assume simplistic priors on the latent variables - such as the uni - modal gaussian distribution - whi ←
→ robust em algorithm for model - based curve clustering ; model - based clustering approaches concern the paradigm of exploratory data analysis relying on the finite mixture model to automatically find a latent structure governing observed data . they are one of the most popular and successful approaches in cluster analysis . the mixture density estimation is generally performed by maximizing the observed - data log - likelihood by using the expectation - maximization ( em ) algorithm . however , it is well - known that the e ←
→ discovery radiomics via evolutionary deep radiomic sequencer discovery for pathologically - proven lung cancer detection ; while lung cancer is the second most diagnosed form of cancer in men and women , a sufficiently early diagnosis can be pivotal in patient survival rates . imaging - based , or radiomics - driven , detection methods have been developed to aid diagnosticians , but largely rely on hand - crafted features which may not fully encapsulate the differences between cancerous and healthy tissue . recently , t ←
→ estimation from pairwise comparisons : sharp minimax bounds with topology dependence ; data in the form of pairwise comparisons arises in many domains , including preference elicitation , sporting competitions , and peer grading among others . we consider parametric ordinal models for such pairwise comparison data involving a latent vector $ w ^* \ in \ mathbb { r }^ d $ that represents the " qualities " of the $ d $ items being compared ; this class of models includes the two most widely used parametric models -- the bradley ←
→ there ' s no comparison : reference - less evaluation metrics in grammatical error correction ; current methods for automatically evaluating grammatical error correction ( gec ) systems rely on gold - standard references . however , these methods suffer from penalizing grammatical edits that are correct but not in the gold standard . we show that reference - less grammaticality metrics correlate very strongly with human judgments and are competitive with the leading reference - based evaluation metrics . by interpolating ←
→ optimizing kernel machines using deep learning ; building highly non - linear and non - parametric models is central to several state - of - the - art machine learning systems . kernel methods form an important class of techniques that induce a reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ) for inferring non - linear models through the construction of similarity functions from data . these methods are particularly preferred in cases where the training data sizes are limited and when prior knowledge of the data similarities is a ←
→ two forms of minimality in aspic + ; many systems of structured argumentation explicitly require that the facts and rules that make up the argument for a conclusion be the minimal set required to derive the conclusion . aspic + does not place such a requirement on arguments , instead requiring that every rule and fact that are part of an argument be used in its construction . thus aspic + arguments are minimal in the sense that removing any element of the argument would lead to a structure that is not an argument ←
→ squeezing bottlenecks : exploring the limits of autoencoder semantic representation capabilities ; we present a comprehensive study on the use of autoencoders for modelling text data , in which ( differently from previous studies ) we focus our attention on the following issues : i ) we explore the suitability of two different models bda and rsda for constructing deep autoencoders for text data at the sentence level ; ii ) we propose and evaluate two novel metrics for better assessing the text - reconstruction capa ←
→ on ( commercial ) benefits of automatic text summarization systems in the news domain : a case of media monitoring and media response analysis ; in this work , we present the results of a systematic study to investigate the ( commercial ) benefits of automatic text summarization systems in a real world scenario . more specifically , we define a use case in the context of media monitoring and media response analysis and claim that even using a simple query - based extractive approach can dramatically save the proces ←
→ a short review of ethical challenges in clinical natural language processing ; clinical nlp has an immense potential in contributing to how clinical practice will be revolutionized by the advent of large scale processing of clinical records . however , this potential has remained largely untapped due to slow progress primarily caused by strict data access policies for researchers . in this paper , we discuss the concern for privacy and the measures it entails . we also suggest sources of less sensitive data . f ←
→ multi - timescale memory dynamics in a reinforcement learning network with attention - gated memory ; learning and memory are intertwined in our brain and their relationship is at the core of several recent neural network models . in particular , the attention - gated memory tagging model ( augment ) is a reinforcement learning network with an emphasis on biological plausibility of memory dynamics and learning . we find that the augment network does not solve some hierarchical tasks , where higher - level stimuli have ←
→ adversarial manipulation of deep representations ; we show that the representation of an image in a deep neural network ( dnn ) can be manipulated to mimic those of other natural images , with only minor , imperceptible perturbations to the original image . previous methods for generating adversarial images focused on image perturbations designed to produce erroneous class labels , while we concentrate on the internal layers of dnn representations . in this way our new class of adversarial images differs qualitati ←
→ gpsp : graph partition and space projection based approach for heterogeneous network embedding ; in this paper , we propose gpsp , a novel graph partition and space projection based approach , to learn the representation of a heterogeneous network that consists of multiple types of nodes and links . concretely , we first partition the heterogeneous network into homogeneous and bipartite subnetworks . then , the projective relations hidden in bipartite subnetworks are extracted by learning the projective embedding ←
→ kernel - based distance metric learning in the output space ; in this paper we present two related , kernel - based distance metric learning ( dml ) methods . their respective models non - linearly map data from their original space to an output space , and subsequent distance measurements are performed in the output space via a mahalanobis metric . the dimensionality of the output space can be directly controlled to facilitate the learning of a low - rank metric . both methods allow for simultaneous inference of the asso ←
→ measuring the accuracy of object detectors and trackers ; the accuracy of object detectors and trackers is most commonly evaluated by the intersection over union ( iou ) criterion . to date , most approaches are restricted to axis - aligned or oriented boxes and , as a consequence , many datasets are only labeled with boxes . nevertheless , axis - aligned or oriented boxes cannot accurately capture an object ' s shape . to address this , a number of densely segmented datasets has started to emerge in both the object detect ←
→ fast 5dof needle tracking in ioct ; purpose . intraoperative optical coherence tomography ( ioct ) is an increasingly available imaging technique for ophthalmic microsurgery that provides high - resolution cross - sectional information of the surgical scene . we propose to build on its desirable qualities and present a method for tracking the orientation and location of a surgical needle . thereby , we enable direct analysis of instrument - tissue interaction directly in oct space without complex multimodal calibration ←
→ creating new language and voice components for the updated marytts text - to - speech synthesis platform ; we present a new workflow to create components for the marytts text - to - speech synthesis platform , which is popular with researchers and developers , extending it to support new languages and custom synthetic voices . this workflow replaces the previous toolkit with an efficient , flexible process that leverages modern build automation and cloud - hosted infrastructure . moreover , it is compatible with the upda ←
→ automated reasoning in deontic logic ; deontic logic is a very well researched branch of mathematical logic and philosophy . various kinds of deontic logics are discussed for different application domains like argumentation theory , legal reasoning , and acts in multi - agent systems . in this paper , we show how standard deontic logic can be stepwise transformed into description logic and dl - clauses , such that it can be processed by hyper , a high performance theorem prover which uses a hypertableau calculus . two ←
→ visualization and clustering by 3d cellular automata : application to unstructured data ; given the limited performance of 2d cellular automata in terms of space when the number of documents increases and in terms of visualization clusters , our motivation was to experiment these cellular automata by increasing the size to view the impact of size on quality of results . the representation of textual data was carried out by a vector model whose components are derived from the overall balancing of the used cor ←
→ named entity recognition in twitter using images and text ; named entity recognition ( ner ) is an important subtask of information extraction that seeks to locate and recognise named entities . despite recent achievements , we still face limitations with correctly detecting and classifying entities , prominently in short and noisy text , such as twitter . an important negative aspect in most of ner approaches is the high dependency on hand - crafted features and domain - specific knowledge , necessary to achieve state ←
→ compiling fuzzy logic control rules to hardware implementations ; a major aspect of human reasoning involves the use of approximations . particularly in situations where the decision - making process is under stringent time constraints , decisions are based largely on approximate , qualitative assessments of the situations . our work is concerned with the application of approximate reasoning to real - time control . because of the stringent processing speed requirements in such applications , hardware implementations ←
→ artificial intelligence for conflict management ; militarised conflict is one of the risks that have a significant impact on society . militarised interstate dispute ( mid ) is defined as an outcome of interstate interactions , which result on either peace or conflict . effective prediction of the possibility of conflict between states is an important decision support tool for policy makers . in a previous research , neural networks ( nns ) have been implemented to predict the mid . support vector machines ( svms ) hav ←
→ efficient binary tomographic reconstruction ; tomographic reconstruction of a binary image from few projections is considered . a novel {\ em heuristic } algorithm is proposed , the central element of which is a nonlinear transformation $\ psi ( p )=\ log ( p /( 1 - p ))$ of the probability $ p $ that a pixel of the sought image be 1 - valued . it consists of backprojections based on $\ psi ( p )$ and iterative corrections . application of this algorithm to a series of artificial test cases leads to exact binary reconstructions , ( i .←
→ a deep learning interpretable classifier for diabetic retinopathy disease grading ; deep neural network models have been proven to be very successful in image classification tasks , also for medical diagnosis , but their main concern is its lack of interpretability . they use to work as intuition machines with high statistical confidence but unable to give interpretable explanations about the reported results . the vast amount of parameters of these models make difficult to infer a rationale interpretation fr ←
→ the effect of negators , modals , and degree adverbs on sentiment composition ; negators , modals , and degree adverbs can significantly affect the sentiment of the words they modify . often , their impact is modeled with simple heuristics ; although , recent work has shown that such heuristics do not capture the true sentiment of multi - word phrases . we created a dataset of phrases that include various negators , modals , and degree adverbs , as well as their combinations . both the phrases and their constituent cont ←
→ low complexity convolutional neural network for vessel segmentation in portable retinal diagnostic devices ; retinal vessel information is helpful in retinal disease screening and diagnosis . retinal vessel segmentation provides useful information about vessels and can be used by physicians during intraocular surgery and retinal diagnostic operations . convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are powerful tools for classification and segmentation of medical images . complexity of cnns makes it difficult to imple ←
→ brain mri segmentation with fast and globally convex multiphase active contours ; multiphase active contour based models are useful in identifying multiple regions with different characteristics such as the mean values of regions . this is relevant in brain magnetic resonance images ( mris ), allowing the differentiation of white matter against gray matter . we consider a well defined globally convex formulation of vese and chan multiphase active contour model for segmenting brain mri images . a well - establish ←
→ iterated ontology revision by reinterpretation ; iterated applications of belief change operators are essential for different scenarios such as that of ontology evolution where new information is not presented at once but only in piecemeal fashion within a sequence . i discuss iterated applications of so called reinterpretation operators that trace conflicts between ontologies back to the ambiguous of symbols and that provide conflict resolution strategies with bridging axioms . the discussion centers on adap ←
→ ancestral causal inference ; constraint - based causal discovery from limited data is a notoriously difficult challenge due to the many borderline independence test decisions . several approaches to improve the reliability of the predictions by exploiting redundancy in the independence information have been proposed recently . though promising , existing approaches can still be greatly improved in terms of accuracy and scalability . we present a novel method that reduces the combinatorial explosion of the search ←
→ local discriminant hyperalignment for multi - subject fmri data alignment ; multivariate pattern ( mvp ) classification can map different cognitive states to the brain tasks . one of the main challenges in mvp analysis is validating the generated results across subjects . however , analyzing multi - subject fmri data requires accurate functional alignments between neuronal activities of different subjects , which can rapidly increase the performance and robustness of the final results . hyperalignment ( ha ) is one of t ←
→ neural architectures for open - type relation argument extraction ; in this work , we introduce the task of open - type relation argument extraction ( orae ): given a corpus , a query entity q and a knowledge base relation ( e . g .," q authored notable work with title x "), the model has to extract an argument of non - standard entity type ( entities that cannot be extracted by a standard named entity tagger , e . g . x : the title of a book or a work of art ) from the corpus . a distantly supervised dataset based on wikidata rel ←
→ sailing the information ocean with awareness of currents : discovery and application of source dependence ; the web has enabled the availability of a huge amount of useful information , but has also eased the ability to spread false information and rumors across multiple sources , making it hard to distinguish between what is true and what is not . recent examples include the premature steve jobs obituary , the second bankruptcy of united airlines , the creation of black holes by the operation of the large hadr ←
→ parsing semantic parts of cars using graphical models and segment appearance consistency ; this paper addresses the problem of semantic part parsing ( segmentation ) of cars , i . e . assigning every pixel within the car to one of the parts ( e . g . body , window , lights , license plates and wheels ). we formulate this as a landmark identification problem , where a set of landmarks specifies the boundaries of the parts . a novel mixture of graphical models is proposed , which dynamically couples the landmarks to a hierarc ←
→ multisensor images fusion based on feature - level ; until now , of highest relevance for remote sensing data processing and analysis have been techniques for pixel level image fusion . so , this paper attempts to undertake the study of feature - level based image fusion . for this purpose , feature based fusion techniques , which are usually based on empirical or heuristic rules , are employed . hence , in this paper we consider feature extraction ( fe ) for fusion . it aims at finding a transformation of the original spa ←
→ the semantic similarity ensemble ; computational measures of semantic similarity between geographic terms provide valuable support across geographic information retrieval , data mining , and information integration . to date , a wide variety of approaches to geo - semantic similarity have been devised . a judgment of similarity is not intrinsically right or wrong , but obtains a certain degree of cognitive plausibility , depending on how closely it mimics human behavior . thus selecting the most appropriate measure f ←
→ resource matchmaking algorithm using dynamic rough set in grid environment ; grid environment is a service oriented infrastructure in which many heterogeneous resources participate to provide the high performance computation . one of the bug issues in the grid environment is the vagueness and uncertainty between advertised resources and requested resources . furthermore , in an environment such as grid dynamicity is considered as a crucial issue which must be dealt with . classical rough set have been used to ←
→ image de - raining using a conditional generative adversarial network ; severe weather conditions such as rain and snow adversely affect the visual quality of images captured under such conditions thus rendering them useless for further usage and sharing . in addition , such degraded images drastically affect performance of vision systems . hence , it is important to solve the problem of single image de - raining / de - snowing . however , this is a difficult problem to solve due to its inherent ill - posed nature . existin ←
→ automatic view - point selection for inter - operative endoscopic surveillance ; esophageal adenocarcinoma arises from barrett ' s esophagus , which is the most serious complication of gastroesophageal reflux disease . strategies for screening involve periodic surveillance and tissue biopsies . a major challenge in such regular examinations is to record and track the disease evolution and re - localization of biopsied sites to provide targeted treatments . in this paper , we extend our original inter - operative relocal ←
→ deep video deblurring ; motion blur from camera shake is a major problem in videos captured by hand - held devices . unlike single - image deblurring , video - based approaches can take advantage of the abundant information that exists across neighboring frames . as a result the best performing methods rely on aligning nearby frames . however , aligning images is a computationally expensive and fragile procedure , and methods that aggregate information must therefore be able to identify which regions have been accurate ←
→ real multi - sense or pseudo multi - sense : an approach to improve word representation ; previous researches have shown that learning multiple representations for polysemous words can improve the performance of word embeddings on many tasks . however , this leads to another problem . several vectors of a word may actually point to the same meaning , namely pseudo multi - sense . in this paper , we introduce the concept of pseudo multi - sense , and then propose an algorithm to detect such cases . with the consideration o ←
→ temporal and volumetric denoising via quantile sparse image ( quasi ) prior in optical coherence tomography and beyond ; this paper introduces an universal and structure - preserving regularization term , called quantile sparse image ( quasi ) prior . the prior is suitable for denoising images from various medical image modalities . we demonstrate its effectivness on volumetric optical coherence tomography ( oct ) and computed tomography ( ct ) data , which show differnt noise and image characteristics . oct offers high ←
→ text detection and recognition in images : a survey ; text detection and recognition is a one of the important aspect of image processing . this paper analyzes and compares the methods to handle this task . it summarizes the fundamental problems and enumerates factors that need consideration when addressing these problems . existing techniques are categorized as either stepwise or integrated and sub - problems are highlighted including digit localization , verification , segmentation and recognition . special issues ←
→ belief merging by source reliability assessment ; merging beliefs requires the plausibility of the sources of the information to be merged . they are typically assumed equally reliable in lack of hints indicating otherwise ; yet , a recent line of research spun from the idea of deriving this information from the revision process itself . in particular , the history of previous revisions and previous merging examples provide information for performing subsequent mergings . yet , no examples or previous revisions ←
→ dex : incremental learning for complex environments in deep reinforcement learning ; this paper introduces dex , a reinforcement learning environment toolkit specialized for training and evaluation of continual learning methods as well as general reinforcement learning problems . we also present the novel continual learning method of incremental learning , where a challenging environment is solved using optimal weight initialization learned from first solving a similar easier environment . we show that increme ←
→ gaussian probabilities and expectation propagation ; while gaussian probability densities are omnipresent in applied mathematics , gaussian cumulative probabilities are hard to calculate in any but the univariate case . we study the utility of expectation propagation ( ep ) as an approximate integration method for this problem . for rectangular integration regions , the approximation is highly accurate . we also extend the derivations to the more general case of polyhedral integration regions . however , we find tha ←
→ anisotropic em segmentation by 3d affinity learning and agglomeration ; the field of connectomics has recently produced neuron wiring diagrams from relatively large brain regions from multiple animals . most of these neural reconstructions were computed from isotropic ( e . g ., fibsem ) or near isotropic ( e . g ., sbem ) data . in spite of the remarkable progress on algorithms in recent years , automatic dense reconstruction from anisotropic data remains a challenge for the connectomics community . one significant hurd ←
→ pyramid person matching network for person re - identification ; in this work , we present a deep convolutional pyramid person matching network ( ppmn ) with specially designed pyramid matching module to address the problem of person re - identification . the architecture takes a pair of rgb images as input , and outputs a similiarity value indicating whether the two input images represent the same person or not . based on deep convolutional neural networks , our approach first learns the discriminative semantic repre ←
→ hand gesture recognition with leap motion ; the recent introduction of depth cameras like leap motion controller allows researchers to exploit the depth information to recognize hand gesture more robustly . this paper proposes a novel hand gesture recognition system with leap motion controller . a series of features are extracted from leap motion tracking data , we feed these features along with hog feature extracted from sensor images into a multi - class svm classifier to recognize performed gesture , dimension ←
→ text recognition in both ancient and cartographic documents ; this paper deals with the recognition and matching of text in both cartographic maps and ancient documents . the purpose of this work is to find similar text regions based on statistical and global features . a phase of normalization is done first , in object to well categorize the same quantity of information . a phase of wordspotting is done next by combining local and global features . we make different experiments by combining the different techni ←
→ unified framework for automated person re - identification and camera network topology inference in camera networks ; person re - identification in large - scale multi - camera networks is a challenging task because of the spatio - temporal uncertainty and high complexity due to large numbers of cameras and people . to handle these difficulties , additional information such as camera network topology should be provided , which is also difficult to automatically estimate . in this paper , we propose a unified framework w ←
→ knowledge - based system for collaborative process specification ; this paper presents an ontology - based approach for the design of a collaborative business process model ( cbp ). this cbp is considered as a specification of needs in order to build a collaboration information system ( cis ) for a network of organisations . the study is a part of a model driven engineering approach of the cis in a specific enterprise interoperability framework that will be summarised . an adaptation of the business process modeling ←
→ optimal client recommendation for market makers in illiquid financial products ; the process of liquidity provision in financial markets can result in prolonged exposure to illiquid instruments for market makers . in this case , where a proprietary position is not desired , pro - actively targeting the right client who is likely to be interested can be an effective means to offset this position , rather than relying on commensurate interest arising through natural demand . in this paper , we consider the inferenc ←
→ a new method for lower bounds on the running time of evolutionary algorithms ; we present a new method for proving lower bounds on the expected running time of evolutionary algorithms . it is based on fitness - level partitions and an additional condition on transition probabilities between fitness levels . the method is versatile , intuitive , elegant , and very powerful . it yields exact or near - exact lower bounds for lo , onemax , long k - paths , and all functions with a unique optimum . most lower bounds are very ←
→ learning to push by grasping : using multiple tasks for effective learning ; recently , end - to - end learning frameworks are gaining prevalence in the field of robot control . these frameworks input states / images and directly predict the torques or the action parameters . however , these approaches are often critiqued due to their huge data requirements for learning a task . the argument of the difficulty in scalability to multiple tasks is well founded , since training these tasks often require hundreds or thousa ←
→" i have a feeling trump will win ..................": forecasting winners and losers from user predictions on twitter ; social media users often make explicit predictions about upcoming events . such statements vary in the degree of certainty the author expresses toward the outcome :" leonardo dicaprio will win best actor " vs . " leonardo dicaprio may win " or " no way leonardo wins !". can popular beliefs on social media predict who will win ? to answer this question , we build a corpus of tweets annotated for veri ←
→ temporal feature selection on networked time series ; this paper formulates the problem of learning discriminative features (\ textit { i . e .,} segments ) from networked time series data considering the linked information among time series . for example , social network users are considered to be social sensors that continuously generate social signals ( tweets ) represented as a time series . the discriminative segments are often referred to as \ emph { shapelets } in a time series . extracting shapelets for time series ←
→ a chinese dataset with negative full forms for general abbreviation prediction ; abbreviation is a common phenomenon across languages , especially in chinese . in most cases , if an expression can be abbreviated , its abbreviation is used more often than its fully expanded forms , since people tend to convey information in a most concise way . for various language processing tasks , abbreviation is an obstacle to improving the performance , as the textual form of an abbreviation does not express useful informatio ←
→ kate : k - competitive autoencoder for text ; autoencoders have been successful in learning meaningful representations from image datasets . however , their performance on text datasets has not been widely studied . traditional autoencoders tend to learn possibly trivial representations of text documents due to their confounding properties such as high - dimensionality , sparsity and power - law word distributions . in this paper , we propose a novel k - competitive autoencoder , called kate , for text documents . due to the ←
→ multiple co - clustering based on nonparametric mixture models with heterogeneous marginal distributions ; we propose a novel method for multiple clustering that assumes a co - clustering structure ( partitions in both rows and columns of the data matrix ) in each view . the new method is applicable to high - dimensional data . it is based on a nonparametric bayesian approach in which the number of views and the number of feature -/ subject clusters are inferred in a data - driven manner . we simultaneously model differ ←
→ long short - term memory ( lstm ) networks with jet constituents for boosted top tagging at the lhc ; multivariate techniques based on engineered features have found wide adoption in the identification of jets resulting from hadronic top decays at the large hadron collider ( lhc ). recent deep learning developments in this area include the treatment of the calorimeter activation as an image or supplying a list of jet constituent momenta to a fully connected network . this latter approach lends itself well to the ←
→ knowledge will propel machine understanding of content : extrapolating from current examples ; machine learning has been a big success story during the ai resurgence . one particular stand out success relates to learning from a massive amount of data . in spite of early assertions of the unreasonable effectiveness of data , there is increasing recognition for utilizing knowledge whenever it is available or can be created purposefully . in this paper , we discuss the indispensable role of knowledge for deeper un ←
→ context - dependent translation selection using convolutional neural network ; we propose a novel method for translation selection in statistical machine translation , in which a convolutional neural network is employed to judge the similarity between a phrase pair in two languages . the specifically designed convolutional architecture encodes not only the semantic similarity of the translation pair , but also the context containing the phrase in the source language . therefore , our approach is able to capture ←
→ learning multi - modal word representation grounded in visual context ; representing the semantics of words is a long - standing problem for the natural language processing community . most methods compute word semantics given their textual context in large corpora . more recently , researchers attempted to integrate perceptual and visual features . most of these works consider the visual appearance of objects to enhance word representations but they ignore the visual environment and context in which objects appear ←
→ double deep machine learning ; very important breakthroughs in data - centric machine learning algorithms led to impressive performance in transactional point applications such as detecting anger in speech , alerts from a face recognition system , or ekg interpretation . non - transactional applications , e . g . medical diagnosis beyond the ekg results , require ai algorithms that integrate deeper and broader knowledge in their problem - solving capabilities , e . g . integrating knowledge about anatomy and physiology of th ←
→ clustering for point pattern data ; clustering is one of the most common unsupervised learning tasks in machine learning and data mining . clustering algorithms have been used in a plethora of applications across several scientific fields . however , there has been limited research in the clustering of point patterns - sets or multi - sets of unordered elements - that are found in numerous applications and data sources . in this paper , we propose two approaches for clustering point patterns . the first is a non - pa ←
→ a digital neuromorphic architecture efficiently facilitating complex synaptic response functions applied to liquid state machines ; information in neural networks is represented as weighted connections , or synapses , between neurons . this poses a problem as the primary computational bottleneck for neural networks is the vector - matrix multiply when inputs are multiplied by the neural network weights . conventional processing architectures are not well suited for simulating neural networks , often requiring la ←
→ the " fodor "- fodor fallacy bites back ; the paper argues that fodor and lepore are misguided in their attack on pustejovsky ' s generative lexicon , largely because their argument rests on a traditional , but implausible and discredited , view of the lexicon on which it is effectively empty of content , a view that stands in the long line of explaining word meaning ( a ) by ostension and then ( b ) explaining it by means of a vacuous symbol in a lexicon , often the word itself after typographic transmogrification . ( a ) ←
→ human perceptions of fairness in algorithmic decision making : a case study of criminal risk prediction ; as algorithms are increasingly used to make important decisions that affect human lives , ranging from social benefit assignment to predicting risk of criminal recidivism , concerns have been raised about the fairness of algorithmic decision making . most prior works on algorithmic fairness normatively prescribe how fair decisions ought to be made . in contrast , here , we descriptively survey users for how ←
→ appropriate and inappropriate estimation techniques ; mode { also called map } estimation , mean estimation and median estimation are examined here to determine when they can be safely used to derive { posterior ) cost minimizing estimates . ( these are all bayes procedures , using the mode . mean . or median of the posterior distribution ). it is found that modal estimation only returns cost minimizing estimates when the cost function is 0 - t . if the cost function is a function of distance then mean estimation only re ←
→ fast wavelet - based visual classification ; we investigate a biologically motivated approach to fast visual classification , directly inspired by the recent work of serre et al . specifically , trading - off biological accuracy for computational efficiency , we explore using wavelet and grouplet - like transforms to parallel the tuning of visual cortex v1 and v2 cells , alternated with max operations to achieve scale and translation invariance . a feature selection procedure is applied during learning to accelerate re ←
→ detecting abnormal events in video using narrowed motion clusters ; we formulate the abnormal event detection problem as an outlier detection task and we propose a two - stage algorithm based on k - means clustering and one - class support vector machines ( svm ) to eliminate outliers . after extracting motion features from the training video containing only normal events , we apply k - means clustering to find clusters representing different types of motion . in the first stage , we consider that clusters with fewer sam ←
→ evolution and the structure of learning agents ; this paper presents the thesis that all learning agents of finite information size are limited by their informational structure in what goals they can efficiently learn to achieve in a complex environment . evolutionary change is critical for creating the required structure for all learning agents in any complex environment . the thesis implies that there is no efficient universal learning algorithm . an agent can go past the learning limits imposed by its struc ←
→ an improved genetic algorithm with a local optimization strategy and an extra mutation level for solving traveling salesman problem ; the traveling salesman problem ( tsp ) is proved to be np - complete in most cases . the genetic algorithm ( ga ) is one of the most useful algorithms for solving this problem . in this paper a conventional ga is compared with an improved hybrid ga in solving tsp . the improved or hybrid ga consist of conventional ga and two local optimization strategies . the first strategy is extra ←
→ dense motion estimation for smoke ; motion estimation for highly dynamic phenomena such as smoke is an open challenge for computer vision . traditional dense motion estimation algorithms have difficulties with non - rigid and large motions , both of which are frequently observed in smoke motion . we propose an algorithm for dense motion estimation of smoke . our algorithm is robust , fast , and has better performance over different types of smoke compared to other dense motion estimation algorithms , including state ←
→ phonology ; phonology is the systematic study of the sounds used in language , their internal structure , and their composition into syllables , words and phrases . computational phonology is the application of formal and computational techniques to the representation and processing of phonological information . this chapter will present the fundamentals of descriptive phonology along with a brief overview of computational phonology .←
→ identifying civilians killed by police with distantly supervised entity - event extraction ; we propose a new , socially - impactful task for natural language processing : from a news corpus , extract names of persons who have been killed by police . we present a newly collected police fatality corpus , which we release publicly , and present a model to solve this problem that uses em - based distant supervision with logistic regression and convolutional neural network classifiers . our model outperforms two off - the - s ←
→ a dual - stage attention - based recurrent neural network for time series prediction ; the nonlinear autoregressive exogenous ( narx ) model , which predicts the current value of a time series based upon its previous values as well as the current and past values of multiple driving ( exogenous ) series , has been studied for decades . despite the fact that various narx models have been developed , few of them can capture the long - term temporal dependencies appropriately and select the relevant driving series to make ←
→ a method of generating random weights and biases in feedforward neural networks with random hidden nodes ; neural networks with random hidden nodes have gained increasing interest from researchers and practical applications . this is due to their unique features such as very fast training and universal approximation property . in these networks the weights and biases of hidden nodes determining the nonlinear feature mapping are set randomly and are not learned . appropriate selection of the intervals from wh ←
→ on boosting , tug of war , and lexicographic programming ; despite the large amount of research effort dedicated to adapting boosting for imbalanced classification , boosting methods are yet to be satisfactorily immune to class imbalance , especially for multi - class problems , due to the long - standing reliance on expensive cost set tuning . we show that the assignment of weights to the component classifiers of a boosted ensemble can be thought of as a game of tug of war between the classes in the margin space . we ←
→ paired comparisons - based interactive differential evolution ; we propose interactive differential evolution ( ide ) based on paired comparisons for reducing user fatigue and evaluate its convergence speed in comparison with interactive genetic algorithms ( iga ) and tournament iga . user interface and convergence performance are two big keys for reducing interactive evolutionary computation ( iec ) user fatigue . unlike iga and conventional ide , users of the proposed ide and tournament iga do not need to compare wh ←
→ syntax - preserving belief change operators for logic programs ; recent methods have adapted the well - established agm and belief base frameworks for belief change to cover belief revision in logic programs . in this study here , we present two new sets of belief change operators for logic programs . they focus on preserving the explicit relationships expressed in the rules of a program , a feature that is missing in purely semantic approaches that consider programs only in their entirety . in particular , operators ←
→ optimizing expected word error rate via sampling for speech recognition ; state - level minimum bayes risk ( smbr ) training has become the de facto standard for sequence - level training of speech recognition acoustic models . it has an elegant formulation using the expectation semiring , and gives large improvements in word error rate ( wer ) over models trained solely using cross - entropy ( ce ) or connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ). smbr training optimizes the expected number of frames at which the referenc ←
→ identifying users from their rating patterns ; this paper reports on our analysis of the 2011 camra challenge dataset ( track 2 ) for context - aware movie recommendation systems . the train dataset comprises 4 , 536 , 891 ratings provided by 171 , 670 users on 23 , 974 $ movies , as well as the household groupings of a subset of the users . the test dataset comprises 5 , 450 ratings for which the user label is missing , but the household label is provided . the challenge required to identify the user labels for the ratings in ←
→ stabilizing adversarial nets with prediction methods ; adversarial neural networks solve many important problems in data science , but are notoriously difficult to train . these difficulties come from the fact that optimal weights for adversarial nets correspond to saddle points , and not minimizers , of the loss function . the alternating stochastic gradient methods typically used for such problems do not reliably converge to saddle points , and when convergence does happen it is often highly sensitive to learni ←
→ a new type - ii fuzzy logic based controller for non - linear dynamical systems with application to a 3 - psp parallel robot ; the concept of uncertainty is posed in almost any complex system including parallel robots as an outstanding instance of dynamical robotics systems . as suggested by the name , uncertainty , is some missing information that is beyond the knowledge of human thus we may tend to handle it properly to minimize the side - effects through the control process . type - ii fuzzy logic has shown its su ←
→ classification of polar - thermal eigenfaces using multilayer perceptron for human face recognition ; this paper presents a novel approach to handle the challenges of face recognition . in this work thermal face images are considered , which minimizes the affect of illumination changes and occlusion due to moustache , beards , adornments etc . the proposed approach registers the training and testing thermal face images in polar coordinate , which is capable to handle complicacies introduced by scaling and rotatio ←
→ dusk : a dual structure - preserving kernel for supervised tensor learning with applications to neuroimages ; with advances in data collection technologies , tensor data is assuming increasing prominence in many applications and the problem of supervised tensor learning has emerged as a topic of critical significance in the data mining and machine learning community . conventional methods for supervised tensor learning mainly focus on learning kernels by flattening the tensor into vectors or matrices , however ←
→ image crowd counting using convolutional neural network and markov random field ; in this paper , we propose a method called convolutional neural network - markov random field ( cnn - mrf ) to estimate the crowd count in a still image . we first divide the dense crowd visible image into overlapping patches and then use a deep convolutional neural network to extract features from each patch image , followed by a fully connected neural network to regress the local patch crowd count . since the local patches have over ←
→ real - time background subtraction using adaptive sampling and cascade of gaussians ; background - foreground classification is a fundamental well - studied problem in computer vision . due to the pixel - wise nature of modeling and processing in the algorithm , it is usually difficult to satisfy real - time constraints . there is a trade - off between the speed ( because of model complexity ) and accuracy . inspired by the rejection cascade of viola - jones classifier , we decompose the gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) into an a ←
→ modelling , visualising and summarising documents with a single convolutional neural network ; capturing the compositional process which maps the meaning of words to that of documents is a central challenge for researchers in natural language processing and information retrieval . we introduce a model that is able to represent the meaning of documents by embedding them in a low dimensional vector space , while preserving distinctions of word and sentence order crucial for capturing nuanced semantics . our mod ←
→ towards adversarial retinal image synthesis ; synthesizing images of the eye fundus is a challenging task that has been previously approached by formulating complex models of the anatomy of the eye . new images can then be generated by sampling a suitable parameter space . in this work , we propose a method that learns to synthesize eye fundus images directly from data . for that , we pair true eye fundus images with their respective vessel trees , by means of a vessel segmentation technique . these pairs are then ←
→ clustering hidden markov models with variational hem ; the hidden markov model ( hmm ) is a widely - used generative model that copes with sequential data , assuming that each observation is conditioned on the state of a hidden markov chain . in this paper , we derive a novel algorithm to cluster hmms based on the hierarchical em ( hem ) algorithm . the proposed algorithm i ) clusters a given collection of hmms into groups of hmms that are similar , in terms of the distributions they represent , and ii ) characterizes ea ←
→ half - cnn : a general framework for whole - image regression ; the convolutional neural network ( cnn ) has achieved great success in image classification . the classification model can also be utilized at image or patch level for many other applications , such as object detection and segmentation . in this paper , we propose a whole - image cnn regression model , by removing the full connection layer and training the network with continuous feature maps . this is a generic regression framework that fits many application ←
→ a feature clustering approach based on histogram of oriented optical flow and superpixels ; visual feature clustering is one of the cost - effective approaches to segment objects in videos . however , the assumptions made for developing the existing algorithms prevent them from being used in situations like segmenting an unknown number of static and moving objects under heavy camera movements . this paper addresses the problem by introducing a clustering approach based on superpixels and short - term histogram o ←
→ a hybrid approach to query answering under expressive datalog +/- ; datalog +/- is a family of ontology languages that combine good computational properties with high expressive power . datalog +/- languages are provably able to capture the most relevant semantic web languages . in this paper we consider the class of weakly - sticky ( ws ) datalog +/- programs , which allow for certain useful forms of joins in rule bodies as well as extending the well - known class of weakly - acyclic tgds . so far , only non - deterministic ←
→ problem formulation as the reduction of a decision model ; in this paper , we extend the qmrdt probabilistic model for the domain of internal medicine to include decisions about treatments . in addition , we describe how we can use the comprehensive decision model to construct a simpler decision model for a specific patient . in so doing , we transform the task of problem formulation to that of narrowing of a larger problem .←
→ feta : a dca pruning algorithm with generalization error guarantees ; recent dnn pruning algorithms have succeeded in reducing the number of parameters in fully connected layers , often with little or no drop in classification accuracy . however , most of the existing pruning schemes either have to be applied during training or require a costly retraining procedure after pruning to regain classification accuracy . we start by proposing a cheap pruning algorithm for fully connected dnn layers based on difference ←
→ metrics for finite markov decision processes ; we present metrics for measuring the similarity of states in a finite markov decision process ( mdp ). the formulation of our metrics is based on the notion of bisimulation for mdps , with an aim towards solving discounted infinite horizon reinforcement learning tasks . such metrics can be used to aggregate states , as well as to better structure other value function approximators ( e . g ., memory - based or nearest - neighbor approximators ). we provide bounds that relate ←
→ a physarum - inspired approach to optimal supply chain network design at minimum total cost with demand satisfaction ; a supply chain is a system which moves products from a supplier to customers . the supply chains are ubiquitous . they play a key role in all economic activities . inspired by biological principles of nutrients ' distribution in protoplasmic networks of slime mould physarum polycephalum we propose a novel algorithm for a supply chain design . the algorithm handles the supply networks where capac ←
→ utility - based dueling bandits as a partial monitoring game ; partial monitoring is a generic framework for sequential decision - making with incomplete feedback . it encompasses a wide class of problems such as dueling bandits , learning with expect advice , dynamic pricing , dark pools , and label efficient prediction . we study the utility - based dueling bandit problem as an instance of partial monitoring problem and prove that it fits the time - regret partial monitoring hierarchy as an easy - i . e . theta ( sqrt { t })-←
→ prepositions in context ; prepositions are highly polysemous , and their variegated senses encode significant semantic information . in this paper we match each preposition ' s complement and attachment and their interplay crucially to the geometry of the word vectors to the left and right of the preposition . extracting such features from the vast number of instances of each preposition and clustering them makes for an efficient preposition sense disambigution ( psd ) algorithm , which is comparable to and better ←
→ real - time sign language fingerspelling recognition using convolutional neural networks from depth map ; sign language recognition is important for natural and convenient communication between deaf community and hearing majority . we take the highly efficient initial step of automatic fingerspelling recognition system using convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) from depth maps . in this work , we consider relatively larger number of classes compared with the previous literature . we train cnns for the classific ←
→ graph learning from filtered signals : graph system and diffusion kernel identification ; this paper introduces a novel graph signal processing framework for building graph - based models from classes of filtered signals . in our framework , graph - based modeling is formulated as a graph system identification problem , where the goal is to learn a weighted graph ( a graph laplacian matrix ) and a graph - based filter ( a function of graph laplacian matrices ). in order to solve the proposed problem , an algorithm is de ←
→ selective pressures on genomes in molecular evolution ; we describe the evolution of macromolecules as an information transmission process and apply tools from shannon information theory to it . this allows us to isolate three independent , competing selective pressures that we term compression , transmission , and neutrality selection . the first two affect genome length : the pressure to conserve resources by compressing the code , and the pressure to acquire additional information that improves the channel , inc ←
→ classification of human ventricular arrhythmia in high dimensional representation spaces ; we studied classification of human ecgs labelled as normal sinus rhythm , ventricular fibrillation and ventricular tachycardia by means of support vector machines in different representation spaces , using different observation lengths . ecg waveform segments of duration 0 . 5 - 4 s , their fourier magnitude spectra , and lower dimensional projections of fourier magnitude spectra were used for classification . all considered ←
→ simultaneous merging multiple grid maps using the robust motion averaging ; mapping in the gps - denied environment is an important and challenging task in the field of robotics . in the large environment , mapping can be significantly accelerated by multiple robots exploring different parts of the environment . accordingly , a key problem is how to integrate these local maps built by different robots into a single global map . in this paper , we propose an approach for simultaneous merging of multiple grid maps ←
→ feature learning for chord recognition : the deep chroma extractor ; we explore frame - level audio feature learning for chord recognition using artificial neural networks . we present the argument that chroma vectors potentially hold enough information to model harmonic content of audio for chord recognition , but that standard chroma extractors compute too noisy features . this leads us to propose a learned chroma feature extractor based on artificial neural networks . it is trained to compute chroma features th ←
→ integrated face analytics networks through cross - dataset hybrid training ; face analytics benefits many multimedia applications . it consists of a number of tasks , such as facial emotion recognition and face parsing , and most existing approaches generally treat these tasks independently , which limits their deployment in real scenarios . in this paper we propose an integrated face analytics network ( ifan ), which is able to perform multiple tasks jointly for face analytics with a novel carefully designed networ ←
→ summarizing situational and topical information during crises ; the use of microblogging platforms such as twitter during crises has become widespread . more importantly , information disseminated by affected people contains useful information like reports of missing and found people , requests for urgent needs etc . for rapid crisis response , humanitarian organizations look for situational awareness information to understand and assess the severity of the crisis . in this paper , we present a novel framework ( i )←
→ feasibility of principal component analysis in hand gesture recognition system ; nowadays actions are increasingly being handled in electronic ways , instead of physical interaction . from earlier times biometrics is used in the authentication of a person . it recognizes a person by using a human trait associated with it like eyes ( by calculating the distance between the eyes ) and using hand gestures , fingerprint detection , face detection etc . advantages of using these traits for identification are that they ←
→ hrebs and cohesion chains as similar tools for semantic text properties research ; in this study it is proven that the hrebs used in denotation analysis of texts and cohesion chains ( defined as a fusion between lexical chains and coreference chains ) represent similar linguistic tools . this result gives us the possibility to extend to cohesion chains ( ccs ) some important indicators as , for example the kernel of ccs , the topicality of a cc , text concentration , cc - diffuseness and mean diffuseness of the text ←
→ improving texture categorization with biologically inspired filtering ; within the domain of texture classification , a lot of effort has been spent on local descriptors , leading to many powerful algorithms . however , preprocessing techniques have received much less attention despite their important potential for improving the overall classification performance . we address this question by proposing a novel , simple , yet very powerful biologically - inspired filtering ( bf ) which simulates the performance of huma ←
→ ensemble of example - dependent cost - sensitive decision trees ; several real - world classification problems are example - dependent cost - sensitive in nature , where the costs due to misclassification vary between examples and not only within classes . however , standard classification methods do not take these costs into account , and assume a constant cost of misclassification errors . in previous works , some methods that take into account the financial costs into the training of different algorithms have been propo ←
→ smart broadcasting : do you want to be seen ? ; many users in online social networks are constantly trying to gain attention from their followers by broadcasting posts to them . these broadcasters are likely to gain greater attention if their posts can remain visible for a longer period of time among their followers ' most recent feeds . then when to post ? in this paper , we study the problem of smart broadcasting using the framework of temporal point processes , where we model users feeds and posts as discrete ev ←
→ massively multilingual word embeddings ; we introduce new methods for estimating and evaluating embeddings of words in more than fifty languages in a single shared embedding space . our estimation methods , multicluster and multicca , use dictionaries and monolingual data ; they do not require parallel data . our new evaluation method , multiqvec - cca , is shown to correlate better than previous ones with two downstream tasks ( text categorization and parsing ). we also describe a web portal for evaluation that will ←
→ a new approach to probabilistic programming inference ; we introduce and demonstrate a new approach to inference in expressive probabilistic programming languages based on particle markov chain monte carlo . our approach is simple to implement and easy to parallelize . it applies to turing - complete probabilistic programming languages and supports accurate inference in models that make use of complex control flow , including stochastic recursion . it also includes primitives from bayesian nonparametric statistic ←
→ optimizing spectral learning for parsing ; we describe a search algorithm for optimizing the number of latent states when estimating latent - variable pcfgs with spectral methods . our results show that contrary to the common belief that the number of latent states for each nonterminal in an l - pcfg can be decided in isolation with spectral methods , parsing results significantly improve if the number of latent states for each nonterminal is globally optimized , while taking into account interactions between the ←
→ communication - efficient distributed optimization of self - concordant empirical loss ; we consider distributed convex optimization problems originated from sample average approximation of stochastic optimization , or empirical risk minimization in machine learning . we assume that each machine in the distributed computing system has access to a local empirical loss function , constructed with i . i . d . data sampled from a common distribution . we propose a communication - efficient distributed algorithm to minimize ←
→ multilingual word embeddings using multigraphs ; we present a family of neural - network -- inspired models for computing continuous word representations , specifically designed to exploit both monolingual and multilingual text . this framework allows us to perform unsupervised training of embeddings that exhibit higher accuracy on syntactic and semantic compositionality , as well as multilingual semantic similarity , compared to previous models trained in an unsupervised fashion . we also show that such multilingua ←
→ enhanced quantum synchronization via quantum machine learning ; we study the quantum synchronization between a pair of two - level systems inside two coupledcavities . using a digital - analog decomposition of the master equation that rules the system dynamics , we show that this approach leads to quantum synchronization between both two - level systems . moreover , we can identify in this digital - analog block decomposition the fundamental elements of a quantum machine learning protocol , in which the agent and the en ←
→ multi - digit number recognition from street view imagery using deep convolutional neural networks ; recognizing arbitrary multi - character text in unconstrained natural photographs is a hard problem . in this paper , we address an equally hard sub - problem in this domain viz . recognizing arbitrary multi - digit numbers from street view imagery . traditional approaches to solve this problem typically separate out the localization , segmentation , and recognition steps . in this paper we propose a unified approach tha ←
→ hybrid oracle : making use of ambiguity in transition - based chinese dependency parsing ; in the training of transition - based dependency parsers , an oracle is used to predict a transition sequence for a sentence and its gold tree . however , the transition system may exhibit ambiguity , that is , there can be multiple correct transition sequences that form the gold tree . we propose to make use of the property in the training of neural dependency parsers , and present the hybrid oracle . the new oracle gives all t ←
→ variational mixture models with gamma or inverse - gamma components ; mixture models with gamma and or inverse - gamma distributed mixture components are useful for medical image tissue segmentation or as post - hoc models for regression coefficients obtained from linear regression within a generalised linear modeling framework ( glm ), used in this case to separate stochastic ( gaussian ) noise from some kind of positive or negative " activation " ( modeled as gamma or inverse - gamma distributed ). to date , the most comm ←
→ image colorization using a deep convolutional neural network ; in this paper , we present a novel approach that uses deep learning techniques for colorizing grayscale images . by utilizing a pre - trained convolutional neural network , which is originally designed for image classification , we are able to separate content and style of different images and recombine them into a single image . we then propose a method that can add colors to a grayscale image by combining its content with style of a color image havin ←
→ handwritten farsi character recognition using artificial neural network ; neural networks are being used for character recognition from last many years but most of the work was confined to english character recognition . till date , a very little work has been reported for handwritten farsi character recognition . in this paper , we have made an attempt to recognize handwritten farsi characters by using a multilayer perceptron with one hidden layer . the error backpropagation algorithm has been used to train the ←
→ egocap : egocentric marker - less motion capture with two fisheye cameras ; marker - based and marker - less optical skeletal motion - capture methods use an outside - in arrangement of cameras placed around a scene , with viewpoints converging on the center . they often create discomfort by possibly needed marker suits , and their recording volume is severely restricted and often constrained to indoor scenes with controlled backgrounds . alternative suit - based systems use several inertial measurement units or an exoskele ←
→ gabor convolutional networks ; steerable properties dominate the design of traditional filters , e . g ., gabor filters , and endow features the capability of dealing with spatial transformations . however , such excellent properties have not been well explored in the popular deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ). in this paper , we propose a new deep model , termed gabor convolutional networks ( gcns or gabor cnns ), which incorporates gabor filters into dcnns to enhance the resistance of deep learned features t ←
→ structured label inference for visual understanding ; visual data such as images and videos contain a rich source of structured semantic labels as well as a wide range of interacting components . visual content could be assigned with fine - grained labels describing major components , coarse - grained labels depicting high level abstractions , or a set of labels revealing attributes . such categorization over different , interacting layers of labels evinces the potential for a graph - based encoding of label informati ←
→ stochastic synapses enable efficient brain - inspired learning machines ; recent studies have shown that synaptic unreliability is a robust and sufficient mechanism for inducing the stochasticity observed in cortex . here , we introduce synaptic sampling machines , a class of neural network models that uses synaptic stochasticity as a means to monte carlo sampling and unsupervised learning . similar to the original formulation of boltzmann machines , these models can be viewed as a stochastic counterpart of hopfie ←
→ multi - q analysis of image patterns ; this paper studies the use of the tsallis entropy versus the classic boltzmann - gibbs - shannon entropy for classifying image patterns . given a database of 40 pattern classes , the goal is to determine the class of a given image sample . our experiments show that the tsallis entropy encoded in a feature vector for different $ q $ indices has great advantage over the boltzmann - gibbs - shannon entropy for pattern classification , boosting recognition rates by a factor of 3 . we discu ←
→ experimental robustness of fourier ptychography phase retrieval algorithms ; fourier ptychography is a new computational microscopy technique that provides gigapixel - scale intensity and phase images with both wide field - of - view and high resolution . by capturing a stack of low - resolution images under different illumination angles , a nonlinear inverse algorithm can be used to computationally reconstruct the high - resolution complex field . here , we compare and classify multiple proposed inverse algorithms in ←
→ accelerated variance reduced block coordinate descent ; algorithms with fast convergence , small number of data access , and low per - iteration complexity are particularly favorable in the big data era , due to the demand for obtaining \ emph { highly accurate solutions } to problems with \ emph { a large number of samples } in \ emph { ultra - high } dimensional space . existing algorithms lack at least one of these qualities , and thus are inefficient in handling such big data challenge . in this paper , we propose a method en ←
→ simultaneous low - rank component and graph estimation for high - dimensional graph signals : application to brain imaging ; we propose an algorithm to uncover the intrinsic low - rank component of a high - dimensional , graph - smooth and grossly - corrupted dataset , under the situations that the underlying graph is unknown . based on a model with a low - rank component plus a sparse perturbation , and an initial graph estimation , our proposed algorithm simultaneously learns the low - rank component and refines the graph . o ←
→ active and passive learning of linear separators under log - concave distributions ; we provide new results concerning label efficient , polynomial time , passive and active learning of linear separators . we prove that active learning provides an exponential improvement over pac ( passive ) learning of homogeneous linear separators under nearly log - concave distributions . building on this , we provide a computationally efficient pac algorithm with optimal ( up to a constant factor ) sample complexity for such probl ←
→ use of the triangular fuzzy numbers for student assessment ; in an earlier work we have used the triangular fuzzy numbers ( tfns ) as an assessment tool of student skills . this approach led to an approximate linguistic characterization of the students ' overall performance , but it was not proved to be sufficient in all cases for comparing the performance of two different student groups , since tywo tfns are not always comparable . in the present paper we complete the above fuzzy assessment approach by presenting a ←
→ approximating rational bezier curves by constrained bezier curves of arbitrary degree ; in this paper , we propose a method to obtain a constrained approximation of a rational b \'{ e } zier curve by a polynomial b \'{ e } zier curve . this problem is reformulated as an approximation problem between two polynomial b \'{ e } zier curves based on weighted least - squares method , where weight functions $\ rho ( t )=\ omega ( t )$ and $\ rho ( t )=\ omega ( t )^{ 2 }$ are studied respectively . the efficiency of the proposed method is tested u ←
→ vector symbolic architectures answer jackendoff ' s challenges for cognitive neuroscience ; jackendoff ( 2002 ) posed four challenges that linguistic combinatoriality and rules of language present to theories of brain function . the essence of these problems is the question of how to neurally instantiate the rapid construction and transformation of the compositional structures that are typically taken to be the domain of symbolic processing . he contended that typical connectionist approaches fail to meet these ←
→ nested nonnegative cone analysis ; motivated by the analysis of nonnegative data objects , a novel nested nonnegative cone analysis ( nnca ) approach is proposed to overcome some drawbacks of existing methods . the application of traditional pca / svd method to nonnegative data often cause the approximation matrix leave the nonnegative cone , which leads to non - interpretable and sometimes nonsensical results . the nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) approach overcomes this issue , however the nmf approximation ma ←
→ unsupervised word and dependency path embeddings for aspect term extraction ; in this paper , we develop a novel approach to aspect term extraction based on unsupervised learning of distributed representations of words and dependency paths . the basic idea is to connect two words ( w1 and w2 ) with the dependency path ( r ) between them in the embedding space . specifically , our method optimizes the objective w1 + r = w2 in the low - dimensional space , where the multi - hop dependency paths are treated as a sequence ←
→ stochastic learning of nonstationary kernels for natural language modeling ; natural language processing often involves computations with semantic or syntactic graphs to facilitate sophisticated reasoning based on structural relationships . while convolution kernels provide a powerful tool for comparing graph structure based on node ( word ) level relationships , they are difficult to customize and can be computationally expensive . we propose a generalization of convolution kernels , with a nonstationary model ←
→ a mathematical theory of deep convolutional neural networks for feature extraction ; deep convolutional neural networks have led to breakthrough results in numerous practical machine learning tasks such as classification of images in the imagenet data set , control - policy - learning to play atari games or the board game go , and image captioning . many of these applications first perform feature extraction and then feed the results thereof into a trainable classifier . the mathematical analysis of deep convolut ←
→ the fuzzy vault for fingerprints is vulnerable to brute force attack ; the \ textit { fuzzy vault } approach is one of the best studied and well accepted ideas for binding cryptographic security into biometric authentication . the vault has been implemented in connection with fingerprint data by uludag and jain . we show that this instance of the vault is vulnerable to brute force attack . an interceptor of the vault data can recover both secret and template data using only generally affordable computational resou ←
→ an algorithm for online tensor prediction ; we present a new method for online prediction and learning of tensors ($ n $- way arrays , $ n > 2 $) from sequential measurements . we focus on the specific case of 3 - d tensors and exploit a recently developed framework of structured tensor decompositions proposed in [ 1 ]. in this framework it is possible to treat 3 - d tensors as linear operators and appropriately generalize notions of rank and positive definiteness to tensors in a natural way . using these notions we propo ←
→ experiments to improve named entity recognition on turkish tweets ; social media texts are significant information sources for several application areas including trend analysis , event monitoring , and opinion mining . unfortunately , existing solutions for tasks such as named entity recognition that perform well on formal texts usually perform poorly when applied to social media texts . in this paper , we report on experiments that have the purpose of improving named entity recognition on turkish tweets , using ←
→ visualization of tradeoff in evaluation : from precision - recall & pn to lift , roc & bird ; evaluation often aims to reduce the correctness or error characteristics of a system down to a single number , but that always involves trade - offs . another way of dealing with this is to quote two numbers , such as recall and precision , or sensitivity and specificity . but it can also be useful to see more than this , and a graphical approach can explore sensitivity to cost , prevalence , bias , noise , parameters and hyper -←
→ a polynomial time algorithm for the lambek calculus with brackets of bounded order ; lambek calculus is a logical foundation of categorial grammar , a linguistic paradigm of grammar as logic and parsing as deduction . pentus ( 2010 ) gave a polynomial - time algorithm for determ - ining provability of bounded depth formulas in the lambek calculus with empty antecedents allowed . pentus ' algorithm is based on tabularisation of proof nets . lambek calculus with brackets is a conservative extension of lambek calculus ←
→ extracting arabic relations from the web ; the goal of this research is to extract a large list or table from named entities and relations in a specific domain . a small set of a handful of instance relations is required as input from the user . the system exploits summaries from google search engine as a source text . these instances are used to extract patterns . the output is a set of new entities and their relations . the results from four experiments show that precision and recall varies according to relati ←
→ longitudinal analysis of discussion topics in an online breast cancer community using convolutional neural networks ; identifying topics of discussions in online health communities ( ohc ) is critical to various applications , but can be difficult because topics of ohc content are usually heterogeneous and domain - dependent . in this paper , we provide a multi - class schema , an annotated dataset , and supervised classifiers based on convolutional neural network ( cnn ) and other models for the task of classifying d ←
→ a hierarchical reinforcement learning method for persistent time - sensitive tasks ; reinforcement learning has been applied to many interesting problems such as the famous td - gammon and the inverted helicopter flight . however , little effort has been put into developing methods to learn policies for complex persistent tasks and tasks that are time - sensitive . in this paper , we take a step towards solving this problem by using signal temporal logic ( stl ) as task specification , and taking advantage of the temp ←
→ entity embedding - based anomaly detection for heterogeneous categorical events ; anomaly detection plays an important role in modern data - driven security applications , such as detecting suspicious access to a socket from a process . in many cases , such events can be described as a collection of categorical values that are considered as entities of different types , which we call heterogeneous categorical events . due to the lack of intrinsic distance measures among entities , and the exponentially large event ←
→ discovering objects and their relations from entangled scene representations ; our world can be succinctly and compactly described as structured scenes of objects and relations . a typical room , for example , contains salient objects such as tables , chairs and books , and these objects typically relate to each other by their underlying causes and semantics . this gives rise to correlated features , such as position , function and shape . humans exploit knowledge of objects and their relations for learning a wide ←
→ a new image compression by gradient haar wavelet ; with the development of human communications the usage of visual communications has also increased . the advancement of image compression methods is one of the main reasons for the enhancement . this paper first presents main modes of image compression methods such as jpeg and jpeg2000 without mathematical details . also , the paper describes gradient haar wavelet transforms in order to construct a preliminary image compression algorithm . then , a new image comp ←
→ limiting fitness distributions in evolutionary dynamics ; darwinian evolution can be modeled in general terms as a flow in the space of fitness ( i . e . reproductive rate ) distributions . in the diffusion approximation , tsimring et al . have showed that this flow admits " fitness wave " solutions : gaussian - shape fitness distributions moving towards higher fitness values at constant speed . here we show more generally that evolving fitness distributions are attracted to a one - parameter family of distributions with a ←
→ plot 94 in ambiance x - window ; < plot > is a collection of routines to draw surfaces , contours and so on . in this work we are presenting a version , that functions over work stations with the operative system unix , that count with the graphic ambiance x - window with the tools xlib and osf / motif . this implant was realized for the work stations dec 5000 - 200 , dec ipx , and dec alfa of the cinvestav ( center of investigation and advanced studies ). also implanted in silicon graphics of the cenac ( national center of c ←
→ perfect tree - like markovian distributions ; we show that if a strictly positive joint probability distribution for a set of binary random variables factors according to a tree , then vertex separation represents all and only the independence relations enclosed in the distribution . the same result is shown to hold also for multivariate strictly positive normal distributions . our proof uses a new property of conditional independence that holds for these two classes of probability distributions .←
→ rediscovering the alphabet - on the innate universal grammar ; universal grammar ( ug ) theory has been one of the most important research topics in linguistics since introduced five decades ago . ug specifies the restricted set of languages learnable by human brain , and thus , many researchers believe in its biological roots . numerous empirical studies of neurobiological and cognitive functions of the human brain , and of many natural languages , have been conducted to unveil some aspects of ug . this , however , r ←
→ matrix approximation under local low - rank assumption ; matrix approximation is a common tool in machine learning for building accurate prediction models for recommendation systems , text mining , and computer vision . a prevalent assumption in constructing matrix approximations is that the partially observed matrix is of low - rank . we propose a new matrix approximation model where we assume instead that the matrix is only locally of low - rank , leading to a representation of the observed matrix as a weighted sum ←
→ when you talk about " information processing " what actually do you have in mind ? ; " information processing " is a recently launched buzzword whose meaning is vague and obscure even for the majority of its users . the reason for this is the lack of a suitable definition for the term " information ". in my attempt to amend this bizarre situation , i have realized that , following the insights of kolmogorov ' s complexity theory , information can be defined as a description of structures observable in a given data set ←
→ sketch - based 3d shape retrieval using convolutional neural networks ; retrieving 3d models from 2d human sketches has received considerable attention in the areas of graphics , image retrieval , and computer vision . almost always in state of the art approaches a large amount of " best views " are computed for 3d models , with the hope that the query sketch matches one of these 2d projections of 3d models using predefined features . we argue that this two stage approach ( view selection -- matching ) is pragmatic ←
→ hierarchical character - word models for language identification ; social media messages ' brevity and unconventional spelling pose a challenge to language identification . we introduce a hierarchical model that learns character and contextualized word - level representations for language identification . our method performs well against strong base - lines , and can also reveal code - switching .←
→ deepar : probabilistic forecasting with autoregressive recurrent networks ; a key enabler for optimizing business processes is accurately estimating the probability distribution of a time series future given its past . such probabilistic forecasts are crucial for example for reducing excess inventory in supply chains . in this paper we propose deepar , a novel methodology for producing accurate probabilistic forecasts , based on training an auto - regressive recurrent network model on a large number of related tim ←
→ reconstruction in the labeled stochastic block model ; the labeled stochastic block model is a random graph model representing networks with community structure and interactions of multiple types . in its simplest form , it consists of two communities of approximately equal size , and the edges are drawn and labeled at random with probability depending on whether their two endpoints belong to the same community or not . it has been conjectured in \ cite { heimlicher12 } that correlated reconstruction ( i . e .\ ident ←
→ detection , recognition and tracking of moving objects from real - time video via visual vocabulary model and species inspired pso ; in this paper , we address the basic problem of recognizing moving objects in video images using visual vocabulary model and bag of words and track our object of interest in the subsequent video frames using species inspired pso . initially , the shadow free images are obtained by background modelling followed by foreground modeling to extract the blobs of our object of interest . ←
→ cnn - based projected gradient descent for consistent image reconstruction ; we present a new method for image reconstruction which replaces the projector in a projected gradient descent ( pgd ) with a convolutional neural network ( cnn ). cnns trained as high - dimensional ( image - to - image ) regressors have recently been used to efficiently solve inverse problems in imaging . however , these approaches lack a feedback mechanism to enforce that the reconstructed image is consistent with the measurements . this is crucia ←
→ decentralized supply chain formation : a market protocol and competitive equilibrium analysis ; supply chain formation is the process of determining the structure and terms of exchange relationships to enable a multilevel , multiagent production activity . we present a simple model of supply chains , highlighting two characteristic features : hierarchical subtask decomposition , and resource contention . to decentralize the formation process , we introduce a market price system over the resources produced along t ←
→ collecting image description datasets using crowdsourcing ; we describe our two new datasets with images described by humans . both the datasets were collected using amazon mechanical turk , a crowdsourcing platform . the two datasets contain significantly more descriptions per image than other existing datasets . one is based on a popular image description dataset called the uiuc pascal sentence dataset , whereas the other is based on the abstract scenes dataset con - taining images made from clipart objects . in ←
→ pose - guided human parsing with deep learned features ; parsing human body into semantic regions is crucial to human - centric analysis . in this paper , we propose a segment - based parsing pipeline that explores human pose information , i . e . the joint location of a human model , which improves the part proposal , accelerates the inference and regularizes the parsing process at the same time . specifically , we first generate part segment proposals with respect to human joints predicted by a deep model , then part - spe ←
→ adversarial deep averaging networks for cross - lingual sentiment classification ; in recent years deep neural networks have achieved great success in sentiment classification for english , thanks in part to the availability of copious annotated resources . unfortunately , most other languages do not enjoy such an abundance of annotated data for sentiment analysis . to tackle this problem , we propose the adversarial deep averaging network ( adan ) to transfer sentiment knowledge learned from labeled english data ←
→ smoothed analysis for low - rank solutions to semidefinite programs in quadratic penalty form ; semidefinite programs ( sdp ) are important in learning and combinatorial optimization with numerous applications . in pursuit of low - rank solutions and low complexity algorithms , we consider the burer -- monteiro factorization approach for solving sdps . we show that all approximate local optima are global optima for the penalty formulation of appropriately rank - constrained sdps as long as the number of constraints sc ←
→ medical image segmentation and localization using deformable templates ; this paper presents deformable templates as a tool for segmentation and localization of biological structures in medical images . structures are represented by a prototype template , combined with a parametric warp mapping used to deform the original shape . the localization procedure is achieved using a multi - stage , multi - resolution algorithm de - signed to reduce computational complexity and time . the algorithm initially identifies region ←
→ imagine it for me : generative adversarial approach for zero - shot learning from noisy texts ; most existing zero - shot learning methods consider the problem as a visual semantic embedding one . given the demonstrated capability of generative adversarial networks ( gans ) to generate images , we instead leverage gans to imagine unseen categories from text descriptions and hence recognize novel classes with no examples being seen . specifically , we propose a simple yet effective generative model that takes as input ←
→ improving neural machine translation with conditional sequence generative adversarial nets ; this paper proposes an approach for applying gans to nmt . we build a conditional sequence generative adversarial net which comprises of two adversarial sub models , a generator and a discriminator . the generator aims to generate sentences which are hard to be discriminated from human - translated sentences ( i . e ., the golden target sentences ); and the discriminator makes efforts to discriminate the machine - generated ←
→ artificial intelligence and economic theories ; the advent of artificial intelligence has changed many disciplines such as engineering , social science and economics . artificial intelligence is a computational technique which is inspired by natural intelligence such as the swarming of birds , the working of the brain and the pathfinding of the ants . these techniques have impact on economic theories . this book studies the impact of artificial intelligence on economic theories , a subject that has not been exten ←
→ measurement - based adaptation protocol with quantum reinforcement learning ; machine learning employs dynamical algorithms that mimic the human capacity to learn , where the reinforcement learning ones are among the most similar to humans in this respect . on the other hand , adaptability is an essential aspect to perform any task efficiently in a changing environment , and it is fundamental for many purposes , such as natural selection . here , we propose an algorithm based on successive measurements to adapt on ←
→ predicting citywide crowd flows using deep spatio - temporal residual networks ; forecasting the flow of crowds is of great importance to traffic management and public safety , and very challenging as it is affected by many complex factors , including spatial dependencies ( nearby and distant ), temporal dependencies ( closeness , period , trend ), and external conditions ( e . g ., weather and events ). we propose a deep - learning - based approach , called st - resnet , to collectively forecast two types of crowd flows ( i . e . ←
→ learning to track at 100 fps with deep regression networks ; machine learning techniques are often used in computer vision due to their ability to leverage large amounts of training data to improve performance . unfortunately , most generic object trackers are still trained from scratch online and do not benefit from the large number of videos that are readily available for offline training . we propose a method for offline training of neural networks that can track novel objects at test - time at 100 fps . our t ←
→ an influence - receptivity model for topic based information cascades ; we consider the problem of estimating the latent structure of a social network based on observational data on information diffusion processes , or {\ it cascades }. here for a given cascade , we only observe the time a node / agent is infected but not the source of infection . existing literature has focused on estimating network diffusion matrix without any underlying assumptions on the structure of the network . we propose a novel model for inf ←
→ standards for language resources ; this paper presents an abstract data model for linguistic annotations and its implementation using xml , rdf and related standards ; and to outline the work of a newly formed committee of the international standards organization ( iso ), iso / tc 37 / sc 4 language resource management , which will use this work as its starting point . the primary motive for presenting the latter is to solicit the participation of members of the research community to contribute to the work of the com ←
→ change detection in multivariate datastreams : likelihood and detectability loss ; we address the problem of detecting changes in multivariate datastreams , and we investigate the intrinsic difficulty that change - detection methods have to face when the data dimension scales . in particular , we consider a general approach where changes are detected by comparing the distribution of the log - likelihood of the datastream over different time windows . despite the fact that this approach constitutes the frame of sev ←
→ character - level neural translation for multilingual media monitoring in the summa project ; the paper steps outside the comfort - zone of the traditional nlp tasks like automatic speech recognition ( asr ) and machine translation ( mt ) to addresses two novel problems arising in the automated multilingual news monitoring : segmentation of the tv and radio program asr transcripts into individual stories , and clustering of the individual stories coming from various sources and languages into storylines . storyline ←
→ unl - french deconversion as transfer & generation from an interlingua with possible quality enhancement through offline human interaction ; we present the architecture of the unl - french deconverter , which " generates " from the unl interlingua by first " localizing " the unl form for french , within unl , and then applying slightly adapted but classical transfer and generation techniques , implemented in geta ' s ariane - g5 environment , supplemented by some unl - specific tools . online interaction can be used during de ←
→ efficient volumetric fusion of airborne and street - side data for urban reconstruction ; airborne acquisition and on - road mobile mapping provide complementary 3d information of an urban landscape : the former acquires roof structures , ground , and vegetation at a large scale , but lacks the facade and street - side details , while the latter is incomplete for higher floors and often totally misses out on pedestrian - only areas or undriven districts . in this work , we introduce an approach that efficiently unifies ←
→ adaptive convolutional elm for concept drift handling in online stream data ; in big data era , the data continuously generated and its distribution may keep changes overtime . these challenges in online stream of data are known as concept drift . in this paper , we proposed the adaptive convolutional elm method ( acnnelm ) as enhancement of convolutional neural network ( cnn ) with a hybrid extreme learning machine ( elm ) model plus adaptive capability . this method is aimed for concept drift handling . we enhanced ←
→ interleaved group convolutions for deep neural networks ; in this paper , we present a simple and modularized neural network architecture , named interleaved group convolutional neural networks ( igcnets ). the main point lies in a novel building block , a pair of two successive interleaved group convolutions : primary group convolution and secondary group convolution . the two group convolutions are complementary : ( i ) the convolution on each partition in primary group convolution is a spatial convolution , while o ←
→ enabling multi - source neural machine translation by concatenating source sentences in multiple languages ; in this paper , we propose a novel and elegant solution to " multi - source neural machine translation " ( msnmt ) which only relies on preprocessing a n - way multilingual corpus without modifying the neural machine translation ( nmt ) architecture or training procedure . we simply concatenate the source sentences to form a single long multi - source input sentence while keeping the target side sentence as it is ←
→ using machine learning for medium frequency derivative portfolio trading ; we use machine learning for designing a medium frequency trading strategy for a portfolio of 5 year and 10 year us treasury note futures . we formulate this as a classification problem where we predict the weekly direction of movement of the portfolio using features extracted from a deep belief network trained on technical indicators of the portfolio constituents . the experimentation shows that the resulting pipeline is effective in m ←
→ a stylometric inquiry into hyperpartisan and fake news ; this paper reports on a writing style analysis of hyperpartisan ( i . e ., extremely one - sided ) news in connection to fake news . it presents a large corpus of 1 , 627 articles that were manually fact - checked by professional journalists from buzzfeed . the articles originated from 9 well - known political publishers , 3 each from the mainstream , the hyperpartisan left - wing , and the hyperpartisan right - wing . in sum , the corpus contains 299 fake news , 97 % of which ←
→ approximating sparse pca from incomplete data ; we study how well one can recover sparse principal components of a data matrix using a sketch formed from a few of its elements . we show that for a wide class of optimization problems , if the sketch is close ( in the spectral norm ) to the original data matrix , then one can recover a near optimal solution to the optimization problem by using the sketch . in particular , we use this approach to obtain sparse principal components and show that for \ math { m } data poin ←
→ terpret : a probabilistic programming language for program induction ; we study machine learning formulations of inductive program synthesis ; given input - output examples , we try to synthesize source code that maps inputs to corresponding outputs . our aims are to develop new machine learning approaches based on neural networks and graphical models , and to understand the capabilities of machine learning techniques relative to traditional alternatives , such as those based on constraint solving from the programm ←
→ efficient l1 - norm principal - component analysis via bit flipping ; it was shown recently that the $ k $ l1 - norm principal components ( l1 - pcs ) of a real - valued data matrix $\ mathbf x \ in \ mathbb r ^{ d \ times n }$ ($ n $ data samples of $ d $ dimensions ) can be exactly calculated with cost $\ mathcal { o }( 2 ^{ nk })$ or , when advantageous , $\ mathcal { o }( n ^{ dk - k + 1 })$ where $ d =\ mathrm { rank }(\ mathbf x )$, $ k < d $ [ 1 ],[ 2 ]. in applications where $\ mathbf x $ is large ( e . g ., " big " data of large $ n $ and / or " heavy " data of large $ d $←
→ online learning in case of unbounded losses using the follow perturbed leader algorithm ; in this paper the sequential prediction problem with expert advice is considered for the case where losses of experts suffered at each step cannot be bounded in advance . we present some modification of kalai and vempala algorithm of following the perturbed leader where weights depend on past losses of the experts . new notions of a volume and a scaled fluctuation of a game are introduced . we present a probabilistic al ←
→ infrared colorization using deep convolutional neural networks ; this paper proposes a method for transferring the rgb color spectrum to near - infrared ( nir ) images using deep multi - scale convolutional neural networks . a direct and integrated transfer between nir and rgb pixels is trained . the trained model does not require any user guidance or a reference image database in the recall phase to produce images with a natural appearance . to preserve the rich details of the nir image , its high frequency features ←
→ classifier - based text simplification for improved machine translation ; machine translation is one of the research fields of computational linguistics . the objective of many mt researchers is to develop an mt system that produce good quality and high accuracy output translations and which also covers maximum language pairs . as internet and globalization is increasing day by day , we need a way that improves the quality of translation . for this reason , we have developed a classifier based text simplification ←
→ relaxed oracles for semi - supervised clustering ; pairwise " same - cluster " queries are one of the most widely used forms of supervision in semi - supervised clustering . however , it is impractical to ask human oracles to answer every query correctly . in this paper , we study the influence of allowing " not - sure " answers from a weak oracle and propose an effective algorithm to handle such uncertainties in query responses . two realistic weak oracle models are considered where ambiguity in answering depends on the di ←
→ time series clustering via community detection in networks ; in this paper , we propose a technique for time series clustering using community detection in complex networks . firstly , we present a method to transform a set of time series into a network using different distance functions , where each time series is represented by a vertex and the most similar ones are connected . then , we apply community detection algorithms to identify groups of strongly connected vertices ( called a community ) and , consequently ←
→ métodos de otimização combinatória aplicados ao problema de compressão multifrases ; the internet has led to a dramatic increase in the amount of available information . in this context , reading and understanding this flow of information have become costly tasks . in the last years , to assist people to understand textual data , various natural language processing ( nlp ) applications based on combinatorial optimization have been devised . however , for multi - sentences compression ( msc ), method which reduces the ←
→ information distance in multiples ; information distance is a parameter - free similarity measure based on compression , used in pattern recognition , data mining , phylogeny , clustering , and classification . the notion of information distance is extended from pairs to multiples ( finite lists ). we study maximal overlap , metricity , universality , minimal overlap , additivity , and normalized information distance in multiples . we use the theoretical notion of kolmogorov complexity which for practical purposes is appro ←
→ computational analysis of perfect - information position auctions ; after experimentation with other designs , the major search engines converged on the weighted , generalized second - price auction ( wgsp ) for selling keyword advertisements . notably , this convergence occurred before position auctions were well understood ( or , indeed , widely studied ) theoretically . while much progress has been made since , theoretical analysis is still not able to settle the question of why search engines found wgsp preferable to o ←
→ greedy algorithms for sparse reinforcement learning ; feature selection and regularization are becoming increasingly prominent tools in the efforts of the reinforcement learning ( rl ) community to expand the reach and applicability of rl . one approach to the problem of feature selection is to impose a sparsity - inducing form of regularization on the learning method . recent work on $ l_1 $ regularization has adapted techniques from the supervised learning literature for use with rl . another approach that has rec ←
→ causal transfer in machine learning ; methods of transfer learning try to combine knowledge from several related tasks ( or domains ) to improve performance on a test task . inspired by causal methodology , we relax the usual covariate shift assumption and assume that it holds true for a subset of predictor variables : the conditional distribution of the target variable given this subset of predictors is invariant over all tasks . we show how this assumption can be motivated from ideas in the field of causality . ←
→ fast non - local stereo matching based on hierarchical disparity prediction ; stereo matching is the key step in estimating depth from two or more images . recently , some tree - based non - local stereo matching methods have been proposed , which achieved state - of - the - art performance . the algorithms employed some tree structures to aggregate cost and thus improved the performance and reduced the coputation load of the stereo matching . however , the computational complexity of these tree - based algorithms is still h ←
→ optimal sub - sampling with influence functions ; sub - sampling is a common and often effective method to deal with the computational challenges of large datasets . however , for most statistical models , there is no well - motivated approach for drawing a non - uniform subsample . we show that the concept of an asymptotically linear estimator and the associated influence function leads to optimal sampling procedures for a wide class of popular models . furthermore , for linear regression models which have well - studied ←
→ some supplementaries to the counting semantics for abstract argumentation ; dung ' s abstract argumentation framework consists of a set of interacting arguments and a series of semantics for evaluating them . those semantics partition the powerset of the set of arguments into two classes : extensions and non - extensions . in order to reason with a specific semantics , one needs to take a credulous or skeptical approach , i . e . an argument is eventually accepted , if it is accepted in one or all extensions , respecti ←
→ high - quality prediction intervals for deep learning : a distribution - free , ensembled approach ; deep neural networks are a powerful technique for learning complex functions from data . however , their appeal in real - world applications can be hindered by an inability to quantify the uncertainty of predictions . in this paper , the generation of prediction intervals ( pi ) for quantifying uncertainty in regression tasks is considered . it is axiomatic that high - quality pis should be as narrow as possible , whilst ←
→ discourse - based objectives for fast unsupervised sentence representation learning ; this work presents a novel objective function for the unsupervised training of neural network sentence encoders . it exploits signals from paragraph - level discourse coherence to train these models to understand text . our objective is purely discriminative , allowing us to train models many times faster than was possible under prior methods , and it yields models which perform well in extrinsic evaluations .←
→ learning bound for parameter transfer learning ; we consider a transfer - learning problem by using the parameter transfer approach , where a suitable parameter of feature mapping is learned through one task and applied to another objective task . then , we introduce the notion of the local stability and parameter transfer learnability of parametric feature mapping , and thereby derive a learning bound for parameter transfer algorithms . as an application of parameter transfer learning , we discuss the performance o ←
→ agnostic learning of monomials by halfspaces is hard ; we prove the following strong hardness result for learning : given a distribution of labeled examples from the hypercube such that there exists a monomial consistent with $( 1 -\ eps )$ of the examples , it is np - hard to find a halfspace that is correct on $( 1 / 2 +\ eps )$ of the examples , for arbitrary constants $\ eps > 0 $. in learning theory terms , weak agnostic learning of monomials is hard , even if one is allowed to output a hypothesis from the much bigger co ←
→ genetic algorithm for robotic telescope scheduling ; this work was inspired by author experiences with a telescope scheduling . author long time goal is to develop and further extend software for an autonomous observatory . the software shall provide users with all the facilities they need to take scientific images of the night sky , cooperate with other autonomous observatories , and possibly more . this works shows how genetic algorithm can be used for scheduling of a single observatory , as well as network of ←
→ unsupervised domain adaptation with similarity learning ; the objective of unsupervised domain adaptation is to leverage features from a labeled source domain and learn a classifier for an unlabeled target domain , with a similar but different data distribution . most deep learning approaches to domain adaptation consist of two steps : ( i ) learn features that preserve a low risk on labeled samples ( source domain ) and ( ii ) make the features from both domains to be as indistinguishable as possible , so that a cla ←
→ analysis and improvement of low rank representation for subspace segmentation ; we analyze and improve low rank representation ( lrr ), the state - of - the - art algorithm for subspace segmentation of data . we prove that for the noiseless case , the optimization model of lrr has a unique solution , which is the shape interaction matrix ( sim ) of the data matrix . so in essence lrr is equivalent to factorization methods . we also prove that the minimum value of the optimization model of lrr is equal to the rank of the ←
→ a compact linear programming relaxation for binary sub - modular mrf ; we propose a novel compact linear programming ( lp ) relaxation for binary sub - modular mrf in the context of object segmentation . our model is obtained by linearizing an $ l_1 ^+$- norm derived from the quadratic programming ( qp ) form of the mrf energy . the resultant lp model contains significantly fewer variables and constraints compared to the conventional lp relaxation of the mrf energy . in addition , unlike qp which can produce ambiguous lab ←
→ human pose regression by combining indirect part detection and contextual information ; in this paper , we propose an end - to - end trainable regression approach for human pose estimation from still images . we use the proposed soft - argmax function to convert feature maps directly to joint coordinates , resulting in a fully differentiable framework . our method is able to learn heat maps representations indirectly , without additional steps of artificial ground truth generation . consequently , contextual informati ←
→ greedy column subset selection for large - scale data sets ; in today ' s information systems , the availability of massive amounts of data necessitates the development of fast and accurate algorithms to summarize these data and represent them in a succinct format . one crucial problem in big data analytics is the selection of representative instances from large and massively - distributed data , which is formally known as the column subset selection ( css ) problem . the solution to this problem enables data analysts ←
→ dynamic weight alignment for convolutional neural networks ; in this paper , we propose a method of improving convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) by determining the optimal alignment of weights and inputs using dynamic programming . conventional cnns convolve learnable shared weights , or filters , across the input data . the filters use a linear matching of weights to inputs using an inner product between the filter and a window of the input . however , it is possible that there exists a more optimal alignment of ←
→ semi - supervised endmember identification in nonlinear spectral mixtures via semantic representation ; this paper proposes a new hyperspectral unmixing method for nonlinearly mixed hyperspectral data using a semantic representation in a semi - supervised fashion , assuming the availability of a spectral reference library . existing semi - supervised unmixing algorithms select members from an endmember library that are present at each of the pixels ; most such methods assume a linear mixing model . however , those m ←
→ aligning script events with narrative texts ; script knowledge plays a central role in text understanding and is relevant for a variety of downstream tasks . in this paper , we consider two recent datasets which provide a rich and general representation of script events in terms of paraphrase sets . we introduce the task of mapping event mentions in narrative texts to such script event types , and present a model for this task that exploits rich linguistic representations as well as information on temporal orde ←
→ streaming regularization parameter selection via stochastic gradient descent ; we propose a framework to perform streaming covariance selection . our approach employs regularization constraints where a time - varying sparsity parameter is iteratively estimated via stochastic gradient descent . this allows for the regularization parameter to be efficiently learnt in an online manner . the proposed framework is developed for linear regression models and extended to graphical models via neighbourhood selection . u ←
→ stochastic optimization for machine learning ; it has been found that stochastic algorithms often find good solutions much more rapidly than inherently - batch approaches . indeed , a very useful rule of thumb is that often , when solving a machine learning problem , an iterative technique which relies on performing a very large number of relatively - inexpensive updates will often outperform one which performs a smaller number of much " smarter " but computationally - expensive updates . in this thesis , we will consi ←
→ safe probability ; we formalize the idea of probability distributions that lead to reliable predictions about some , but not all aspects of a domain . the resulting notion of ` safety ' provides a fresh perspective on foundational issues in statistics , providing a middle ground between imprecise probability and multiple - prior models on the one hand and strictly bayesian approaches on the other . it also allows us to formalize fiducial distributions in terms of the set of random variables that they can safely pre ←
→ deep learning for passive synthetic aperture radar ; we introduce a deep learning ( dl ) framework for inverse problems in imaging , and demonstrate the advantages and applicability of this approach in passive synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) image reconstruction . we interpret image recon - struction as a machine learning task and utilize deep networks as forward and inverse solvers for imaging . specifically , we design a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) architecture as an inverse solver based on the iterations of p ←
→ to know where we are : vision - based positioning in outdoor environments ; augmented reality ( ar ) displays become more and more popular recently , because of its high intuitiveness for humans and high - quality head - mounted display have rapidly developed . to achieve such displays with augmented information , highly accurate image registration or ego - positioning are required , but little attention have been paid for out - door environments . this paper presents a method for ego - positioning in outdoor environments with ←
→ machine learning approaches for modeling spammer behavior ; spam is commonly known as unsolicited or unwanted email messages in the internet causing potential threat to internet security . users spend a valuable amount of time deleting spam emails . more importantly , ever increasing spam emails occupy server storage space and consume network bandwidth . keyword - based spam email filtering strategies will eventually be less successful to model spammer behavior as the spammer constantly changes their tricks to ci ←
→ the nature of the unnormalized beliefs encountered in the transferable belief model ; within the transferable belief model , positive basic belief masses can be allocated to the empty set , leading to unnormalized belief functions . the nature of these unnormalized beliefs is analyzed .←
→ content based video retrieval ; content based video retrieval is an approach for facilitating the searching and browsing of large image collections over world wide web . in this approach , video analysis is conducted on low level visual properties extracted from video frame . we believed that in order to create an effective video retrieval system , visual perception must be taken into account . we conjectured that a technique which employs multiple features for indexing and retrieval would be more effective in t ←
→ memory based machine intelligence techniques in vlsi hardware ; we briefly introduce the memory based approaches to emulate machine intelligence in vlsi hardware , describing the challenges and advantages . implementation of artificial intelligence techniques in vlsi hardware is a practical and difficult problem . deep architectures , hierarchical temporal memories and memory networks are some of the contemporary approaches in this area of research . the techniques attempt to emulate low level intelligence tasks ←
→ generalizing to unseen entities and entity pairs with row - less universal schema ; universal schema predicts the types of entities and relations in a knowledge base ( kb ) by jointly embedding the union of all available schema types --- not only types from multiple structured databases ( such as freebase or wikipedia infoboxes ), but also types expressed as textual patterns from raw text . this prediction is typically modeled as a matrix completion problem , with one type per column , and either one or two entities ←
→ mli : an api for distributed machine learning ; mli is an application programming interface designed to address the challenges of building machine learn - ing algorithms in a distributed setting based on data - centric computing . its primary goal is to simplify the development of high - performance , scalable , distributed algorithms . our initial results show that , relative to existing systems , this interface can be used to build distributed implementations of a wide variety of common machine learning algorithms wi ←
→ learning shallow detection cascades for wearable sensor - based mobile health applications ; the field of mobile health aims to leverage recent advances in wearable on - body sensing technology and smart phone computing capabilities to develop systems that can monitor health states and deliver just - in - time adaptive interventions . however , existing work has largely focused on analyzing collected data in the off - line setting . in this paper , we propose a novel approach to learning shallow detection cascades deve ←
→ image processing operations identification via convolutional neural network ; in recent years , image forensics has attracted more and more attention , and many forensic methods have been proposed for identifying image processing operations . up to now , most existing methods are based on hand crafted features , and just one specific operation is considered in their methods . in many forensic scenarios , however , multiple classification for various image processing operations is more practical . besides , it is di ←
→ lightweight classification of iot malware based on image recognition ; the internet of things ( iot ) is an extension of the traditional internet , which allows a very large number of smart devices , such as home appliances , network cameras , sensors and controllers to connect to one another to share information and improve user experiences . current iot devices are typically micro - computers for domain - specific computations rather than traditional functionspecific embedded devices . therefore , many existing attack ←
→ separating dependency from constituency in a tree rewriting system ; in this paper we present a new tree - rewriting formalism called link - sharing tree adjoining grammar ( lstag ) which is a variant of synchronous tags . using lstag we define an approach towards coordination where linguistic dependency is distinguished from the notion of constituency . such an approach towards coordination that explicitly distinguishes dependencies from constituency gives a better formal understanding of its representation when c ←
→ detecting " smart " spammers on social network : a topic model approach ; spammer detection on social network is a challenging problem . the rigid anti - spam rules have resulted in emergence of " smart " spammers . they resemble legitimate users who are difficult to identify . in this paper , we present a novel spammer classification approach based on latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ), a topic model . our approach extracts both the local and the global information of topic distribution patterns , which capture the essen ←
→ represent , aggregate , and constrain : a novel architecture for machine reading from noisy sources ; in order to extract event information from text , a machine reading model must learn to accurately read and interpret the ways in which that information is expressed . but it must also , as the human reader must , aggregate numerous individual value hypotheses into a single coherent global analysis , applying global constraints which reflect prior knowledge of the domain . in this work we focus on the task of ex ←
→ automatic keyword extraction from spoken text . a comparison of two lexical resources : the edr and wordnet ; lexical resources such as wordnet and the edr electronic dictionary have been used in several nlp tasks . probably , partly due to the fact that the edr is not freely available , wordnet has been used far more often than the edr . we have used both resources on the same task in order to make a comparison possible . the task is automatic assignment of keywords to multi - party dialogue episodes ( i . e . themat ←
→ a fast hierarchical method for multi - script and arbitrary oriented scene text extraction ; typography and layout lead to the hierarchical organisation of text in words , text lines , paragraphs . this inherent structure is a key property of text in any script and language , which has nonetheless been minimally leveraged by existing text detection methods . this paper addresses the problem of text segmentation in natural scenes from a hierarchical perspective . contrary to existing methods , we make explicit use ←
→ osteoarthritis disease detection system using self organizing maps method based on ossa manus x - ray ; osteoarthritis is a disease found in the world , including in indonesia . the purpose of this study was to detect the disease osteoarthritis using self organizing mapping ( som ), and to know the procedure of artificial intelligence on the methods of self organizing mapping ( som ). in this system , there are several stages to preserve to detect disease osteoarthritis using self organizing maps is the result of ←
→ exploration potential ; we introduce exploration potential , a quantity that measures how much a reinforcement learning agent has explored its environment class . in contrast to information gain , exploration potential takes the problem ' s reward structure into account . this leads to an exploration criterion that is both necessary and sufficient for asymptotic optimality ( learning to act optimally across the entire environment class ). our experiments in multi - armed bandits use exploration potential to illustrat ←
→ deep cnn ensembles and suggestive annotations for infant brain mri segmentation ; precise 3d segmentation of infant brain tissues is an essential step towards comprehensive volumetric studies and quantitative analysis of early brain developement . however , computing such segmentations is very challenging , especially for 6 - month infant brain , due to the poor image quality , among other difficulties inherent to infant brain mri , e . g ., the isointense contrast between white and gray matter and the severe partia ←
→ gradual classical logic for attributed objects - extended in re - presentation ; our understanding about things is conceptual . by stating that we reason about objects , it is in fact not the objects but concepts referring to them that we manipulate . now , so long just as we acknowledge infinitely extending notions such as space , time , size , colour , etc , - in short , any reasonable quality - into which an object is subjected , it becomes infeasible to affirm atomicity in the concept referring to the object . howe ←
→ learning to predict from textual data ; given a current news event , we tackle the problem of generating plausible predictions of future events it might cause . we present a new methodology for modeling and predicting such future news events using machine learning and data mining techniques . our pundit algorithm generalizes examples of causality pairs to infer a causality predictor . to obtain precisely labeled causality examples , we mine 150 years of news articles and apply semantic natural language modeling ←
→ lazy evaluation of symmetric bayesian decision problems ; solving symmetric bayesian decision problems is a computationally intensive task to perform regardless of the algorithm used . in this paper we propose a method for improving the efficiency of algorithms for solving bayesian decision problems . the method is based on the principle of lazy evaluation - a principle recently shown to improve the efficiency of inference in bayesian networks . the basic idea is to maintain decompositions of potentials and to ←
→ neural affine grayscale image denoising ; we propose a new grayscale image denoiser , dubbed as neural affine image denoiser ( neural aide ), which utilizes neural network in a novel way . unlike other neural network based image denoising methods , which typically apply simple supervised learning to learn a mapping from a noisy patch to a clean patch , we formulate to train a neural network to learn an \ emph { affine } mapping that gets applied to a noisy pixel , based on its context . our formulation enables both sup ←
→ monocular visual odometry for an unmanned sea - surface vehicle ; we tackle the problem of localizing an autonomous sea - surface vehicle in river estuarine areas using monocular camera and angular velocity input from an inertial sensor . our method is challenged by two prominent drawbacks associated with the environment , which are typically not present in standard visual simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ) applications on land ( or air ): a ) scene depth varies significantly ( from a few meters to several ←
→ sense embedding learning for word sense induction ; conventional word sense induction ( wsi ) methods usually represent each instance with discrete linguistic features or cooccurrence features , and train a model for each polysemous word individually . in this work , we propose to learn sense embeddings for the wsi task . in the training stage , our method induces several sense centroids ( embedding ) for each polysemous word . in the testing stage , our method represents each instance as a contextual vector , and indu ←
→ unsupervised learning of edges ; data - driven approaches for edge detection have proven effective and achieve top results on modern benchmarks . however , all current data - driven edge detectors require manual supervision for training in the form of hand - labeled region segments or object boundaries . specifically , human annotators mark semantically meaningful edges which are subsequently used for training . is this form of strong , high - level supervision actually necessary to learn to accurately detect edges ? in t ←
→ automatic incident classification for big traffic data by adaptive boosting svm ; modern cities experience heavy traffic flows and congestions regularly across space and time . monitoring traffic situations becomes an important challenge for the traffic control and surveillance systems ( tcss ). in advanced tcss , it is helpful to automatically detect and classify different traffic incidents such as severity of congestion , abnormal driving pattern , abrupt or illegal stop on road , etc . although most tcss are e ←
→ robust object tracking based on self - adaptive search area ; discriminative correlation filter ( dcf ) based trackers have recently achieved excellent performance with great computational efficiency . however , dcf based trackers suffer boundary effects , which result in the unstable performance in challenging situations exhibiting fast motion . in this paper , we propose a novel method to mitigate this side - effect in dcf based trackers . we change the search area according to the prediction of target motion . when t ←
→ on the role and the importance of features for background modeling and foreground detection ; background modeling has emerged as a popular foreground detection technique for various applications in video surveillance . background modeling methods have become increasing efficient in robustly modeling the background and hence detecting moving objects in any visual scene . although several background subtraction and foreground detection have been proposed recently , no traditional algorithm today still seem to ←
→ on - the - fly adaptation of regression forests for online camera relocalisation ; camera relocalisation is an important problem in computer vision , with applications in simultaneous localisation and mapping , virtual / augmented reality and navigation . common techniques either match the current image against keyframes with known poses coming from a tracker , or establish 2d - to - 3d correspondences between keypoints in the current image and points in the scene in order to estimate the camera pose . recently , regress ←
→ a complete workflow for development of bangla ocr ; developing a bangla ocr requires bunch of algorithm and methods . there were many effort went on for developing a bangla ocr . but all of them failed to provide an error free bangla ocr . each of them has some lacking . we discussed about the problem scope of currently existing bangla ocr ' s . in this paper , we present the basic steps required for developing a bangla ocr and a complete workflow for development of a bangla ocr with mentioning all the possible alg ←
→ mathematical model of word length on the basis of the cebanov - fucks distribution with uniform parameter distribution ; the data on 13 typologically different languages have been processed using a two - parameter word length model , based on 1 - displaced uniform poisson distribution . statistical dependencies of the 2nd parameter on the 1st one are revealed for the german texts and genre of letters .←
→ anatomical data augmentation for cnn based pixel - wise classification ; in this work we propose a method for anatomical data augmentation that is based on using slices of computed tomography ( ct ) examinations that are adjacent to labeled slices as another resource of labeled data for training the network . the extended labeled data is used to train a u - net network for a pixel - wise classification into different hepatic lesions and normal liver tissues . our dataset contains ct examinations from 140 patients wit ←
→ automatic recognition of facial displays of unfelt emotions ; humans modify their facial expressions in order to communicate their internal states and sometimes to mislead observers regarding their true emotional states . evidence in experimental psychology shows that discriminative facial responses are short and subtle . this suggests that such behavior would be easier to distinguish when captured in high resolution at an increased frame rate . we are proposing sase - fe , the first dataset of facial expressions ←
→ bayesian model and dimension reduction for uncertainty propagation : applications in random media ; well - established methods for the solution of stochastic partial differential equations ( spdes ) typically struggle in problems with high - dimensional inputs / outputs . such difficulties are only amplified in large - scale applications where even a few tens of full - order model runs are impractical . while dimensionality reduction can alleviate some of these issues , it is not known which and how many features of the ←
→ recurrent neural network postfilters for statistical parametric speech synthesis ; in the last two years , there have been numerous papers that have looked into using deep neural networks to replace the acoustic model in traditional statistical parametric speech synthesis . however , far less attention has been paid to approaches like dnn - based postfiltering where dnns work in conjunction with traditional acoustic models . in this paper , we investigate the use of recurrent neural networks as a potential postf ←
→ a stable multi - scale kernel for topological machine learning ; topological data analysis offers a rich source of valuable information to study vision problems . yet , so far we lack a theoretically sound connection to popular kernel - based learning techniques , such as kernel svms or kernel pca . in this work , we establish such a connection by designing a multi - scale kernel for persistence diagrams , a stable summary representation of topological features in data . we show that this kernel is positive definite and ←
→ personality traits and echo chambers on facebook ; in online social networks , users tend to select information that adhere to their system of beliefs and to form polarized groups of like minded people . polarization as well as its effects on online social interactions have been extensively investigated . still , the relation between group formation and personality traits remains unclear . a better understanding of the cognitive and psychological determinants of online social dynamics might help to design more e ←
→ a metaprogramming and autotuning framework for deploying deep learning applications ; in recent years , deep neural networks ( dnns ), have yielded strong results on a wide range of applications . graphics processing units ( gpus ) have been one key enabling factor leading to the current popularity of dnns . however , despite increasing hardware flexibility and software programming toolchain maturity , high efficiency gpu programming remains difficult : it suffers from high complexity , low productivity , and low por ←
→ parameterized compilation lower bounds for restricted cnf - formulas ; we show unconditional parameterized lower bounds in the area of knowledge compilation , more specifically on the size of circuits in decomposable negation normal form ( dnnf ) that encode cnf - formulas restricted by several graph width measures . in particular , we show that - there are cnf formulas of size $ n $ and modular incidence treewidth $ k $ whose smallest dnnf - encoding has size $ n ^{\ omega ( k )}$, and - there are cnf formulas of size $ n $ ←
→ weighted spectral cluster ensemble ; clustering explores meaningful patterns in the non - labeled data sets . cluster ensemble selection ( ces ) is a new approach , which can combine individual clustering results for increasing the performance of the final results . although ces can achieve better final results in comparison with individual clustering algorithms and cluster ensemble methods , its performance can be dramatically affected by its consensus diversity metric and thresholding procedure . there are two pro ←
→ unsupervised discovery of linguistic structure including two - level acoustic patterns using three cascaded stages of iterative optimization ; techniques for unsupervised discovery of acoustic patterns are getting increasingly attractive , because huge quantities of speech data are becoming available but manual annotations remain hard to acquire . in this paper , we propose an approach for unsupervised discovery of linguistic structure for the target spoken language given raw speech data . this linguistic struc ←
→ locally smoothed neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) and the locally connected layer are limited in capturing the importance and relations of different local receptive fields , which are often crucial for tasks such as face verification , visual question answering , and word sequence prediction . to tackle the issue , we propose a novel locally smoothed neural network ( lsnn ) in this paper . the main idea is to represent the weight matrix of the locally connected layer as the product of the kerne ←
→ visual and textual sentiment analysis using deep fusion convolutional neural networks ; sentiment analysis is attracting more and more attentions and has become a very hot research topic due to its potential applications in personalized recommendation , opinion mining , etc . most of the existing methods are based on either textual or visual data and can not achieve satisfactory results , as it is very hard to extract sufficient information from only one single modality data . inspired by the observation that ←
→ a general two - step approach to learning - based hashing ; most existing approaches to hashing apply a single form of hash function , and an optimization process which is typically deeply coupled to this specific form . this tight coupling restricts the flexibility of the method to respond to the data , and can result in complex optimization problems that are difficult to solve . here we propose a flexible yet simple framework that is able to accommodate different types of loss functions and hash functions . this f ←
→ an adaptive dictionary learning approach for modeling dynamical textures ; video representation is an important and challenging task in the computer vision community . in this paper , we assume that image frames of a moving scene can be modeled as a linear dynamical system . we propose a sparse coding framework , named adaptive video dictionary learning ( avdl ), to model a video adaptively . the developed framework is able to capture the dynamics of a moving scene by exploring both sparse properties and the tempo ←
→ exact maximum margin structure learning of bayesian networks ; recently , there has been much interest in finding globally optimal bayesian network structures . these techniques were developed for generative scores and can not be directly extended to discriminative scores , as desired for classification . in this paper , we propose an exact method for finding network structures maximizing the probabilistic soft margin , a successfully applied discriminative score . our method is based on branch - and - bound technique ←
→ an architecture for the evaluation of intelligent systems ; one of the main research areas in artificial intelligence is the coding of agents ( programs ) which are able to learn by themselves in any situation . this means that agents must be useful for purposes other than those they were created for , as , for example , playing chess . in this way we try to get closer to the pristine goal of artificial intelligence . one of the problems to decide whether an agent is really intelligent or not is the measurement of ←
→ optimizing for measure of performance in max - margin parsing ; many statistical learning problems in the area of natural language processing including sequence tagging , sequence segmentation and syntactic parsing has been successfully approached by means of structured prediction methods . an appealing property of the corresponding discriminative learning algorithms is their ability to integrate the loss function of interest directly into the optimization process , which potentially can increase the resulting p ←
→ object referring in visual scene with spoken language ; object referring has important applications , especially for human - machine interaction . while having received great attention , the task is mainly attacked with written language ( text ) as input rather than spoken language ( speech ), which is more natural . this paper investigates object referring with spoken language ( orspoken ) by presenting two datasets and one novel approach . objects are annotated with their locations in images , text descriptions and spe ←
→ selective greedy equivalence search : finding optimal bayesian networks using a polynomial number of score evaluations ; we introduce selective greedy equivalence search ( sges ), a restricted version of greedy equivalence search ( ges ). sges retains the asymptotic correctness of ges but , unlike ges , has polynomial performance guarantees . in particular , we show that when data are sampled independently from a distribution that is perfect with respect to a dag ${\ cal g }$ defined over the observable variables th ←
→ relative entropy , probabilistic inference and ai ; various properties of relative entropy have led to its widespread use in information theory . these properties suggest that relative entropy has a role to play in systems that attempt to perform inference in terms of probability distributions . in this paper , i will review some basic properties of relative entropy as well as its role in probabilistic inference . i will also mention briefly a few existing and potential applications of relative entropy to so - cal ←
→ examining cooperation in visual dialog models ; in this work we propose a blackbox intervention method for visual dialog models , with the aim of assessing the contribution of individual linguistic or visual components . concretely , we conduct structured or randomized interventions that aim to impair an individual component of the model , and observe changes in task performance . we reproduce a state - of - the - art visual dialog model and demonstrate that our methodology yields surprising insights , namely that both ←
→ dynamic reconfiguration of mission parameters in underwater human - robot collaboration ; this paper presents a real - time programming and parameter reconfiguration method for autonomous underwater robots in human - robot collaborative tasks . using a set of intuitive and meaningful hand gestures , we develop a syntactically simple framework that is computationally more efficient than a complex , grammar - based approach . in the proposed framework , a convolutional neural network is trained to provide accurate hand ←
→ a bayesian optimization approach to find nash equilibria ; game theory finds nowadays a broad range of applications in engineering and machine learning . however , in a derivative - free , expensive black - box context , very few algorithmic solutions are available to find game equilibria . here , we propose a novel gaussian - process based approach for solving games in this context . we follow a classical bayesian optimization framework , with sequential sampling decisions based on acquisition functions . two strategies ←
→ on the tightness of an sdp relaxation of k - means ; recently , awasthi et al . introduced an sdp relaxation of the $ k $- means problem in $\ mathbb r ^ m $. in this work , we consider a random model for the data points in which $ k $ balls of unit radius are deterministically distributed throughout $\ mathbb r ^ m $, and then in each ball , $ n $ points are drawn according to a common rotationally invariant probability distribution . for any fixed ball configuration and probability distribution , we prove that the sdp relaxatio ←
→ dfunet : convolutional neural networks for diabetic foot ulcer classification ; globally , in 2016 , one out of eleven adults suffered from diabetes mellitus . diabetic foot ulcers ( dfu ) are a major complication of this disease , which if not managed properly can lead to amputation . current clinical approaches to dfu treatment rely on patient and clinician vigilance , which has significant limitations such as the high cost involved in the diagnosis , treatment and lengthy care of the dfu . we collected an extensi ←
→ quantum spectral analysis : frequency in time , with applications to signal and image processing ; a quantum time - dependent spectrum analysis , or simply , quantum spectral analysis ( qsa ) is presented in this work , and it is based on schrodinger equation , which is a partial differential equation that describes how the quantum state of a non - relativistic physical system changes with time . in classic world is named frequency in time ( fit ), which is presented here in opposition and as a complement of traditional ←
→ an application of reinforcement learning to dialogue strategy selection in a spoken dialogue system for email ; this paper describes a novel method by which a spoken dialogue system can learn to choose an optimal dialogue strategy from its experience interacting with human users . the method is based on a combination of reinforcement learning and performance modeling of spoken dialogue systems . the reinforcement learning component applies q - learning ( watkins , 1989 ), while the performance modeling component ←
→ a computational perspective of the role of thalamus in cognition ; thalamus has traditionally been considered as only a relay source of cortical inputs , with hierarchically organized cortical circuits serially transforming thalamic signals to cognitively - relevant representations . given the absence of local excitatory connections within the thalamus , the notion of thalamic ` relay ' seemed like a reasonable description over the last several decades . recent advances in experimental approaches and theory provide ←
→ piecewise flat embedding for image segmentation ; we propose a new nonlinear embedding -- piecewise flat embedding ( pfe ) -- for image segmentation . based on the theory of sparse signal recovery , piecewise flat embedding attempts to recover a piecewise constant image representation with sparse region boundaries and sparse cluster value scattering . the resultant piecewise flat embedding exhibits interesting properties such as suppressing slowly varying signals , and offers an image representation with higher r ←
→ fast inference of interactions in assemblies of stochastic integrate - and - fire neurons from spike recordings ; we present two bayesian procedures to infer the interactions and external currents in an assembly of stochastic integrate - and - fire neurons from the recording of their spiking activity . the first procedure is based on the exact calculation of the most likely time courses of the neuron membrane potentials conditioned by the recorded spikes , and is exact for a vanishing noise variance and for an inst ←
→ adaptive representation selection in contextual bandit with unlabeled history ; we consider an extension of the contextual bandit setting , motivated by several practical applications , where an unlabeled history of contexts can become available for pre - training before the online decision - making begins . we propose an approach for improving the performance of contextual bandit in such setting , via adaptive , dynamic representation learning , which combines offline pre - training on unlabeled history of contexts ←
→ piecewise regression mixture for simultaneous functional data clustering and optimal segmentation ; this paper introduces a novel mixture model - based approach for simultaneous clustering and optimal segmentation of functional data which are curves presenting regime changes . the proposed model consists in a finite mixture of piecewise polynomial regression models . each piecewise polynomial regression model is associated with a cluster , and within each cluster , each piecewise polynomial component is associa ←
→ neural machine transliteration : preliminary results ; machine transliteration is the process of automatically transforming the script of a word from a source language to a target language , while preserving pronunciation . sequence to sequence learning has recently emerged as a new paradigm in supervised learning . in this paper a character - based encoder - decoder model has been proposed that consists of two recurrent neural networks . the encoder is a bidirectional recurrent neural network that encodes a sequenc ←
→ solving principal component pursuit in linear time via $ l_1 $ filtering ; in the past decades , exactly recovering the intrinsic data structure from corrupted observations , which is known as robust principal component analysis ( rpca ), has attracted tremendous interests and found many applications in computer vision . recently , this problem has been formulated as recovering a low - rank component and a sparse component from the observed data matrix . it is proved that under some suitable conditions , this problem c ←
→ unrealstereo : a synthetic dataset for analyzing stereo vision ; stereo algorithm is important for robotics applications , such as quadcopter and autonomous driving . it needs to be robust enough to handle images of challenging conditions , such as raining or strong lighting . textureless and specular regions of these images make feature matching difficult and smoothness assumption invalid . it is important to understand whether an algorithm is robust to these hazardous regions . many stereo benchmarks have been d ←
→ group - based sparse representation for image compressive sensing reconstruction with non - convex regularization ; patch - based sparse representation modeling has shown great potential in image compressive sensing ( cs ) reconstruction . however , this model usually suffers from some limits , such as dictionary learning with great computational complexity , neglecting the relationship among similar patches . in this paper , a group - based sparse representation method with non - convex regularization ( gsr - ncr ) for image ←
→ achieving budget - optimality with adaptive schemes in crowdsourcing ; crowdsourcing platforms provide marketplaces where task requesters can pay to get labels on their data . such markets have emerged recently as popular venues for collecting annotations that are crucial in training machine learning models in various applications . however , as jobs are tedious and payments are low , errors are common in such crowdsourced labels . a common strategy to overcome such noise in the answers is to add redundancy by get ←
→ line profile based segmentation algorithm for touching corn kernels ; image segmentation of touching objects plays a key role in providing accurate classification for computer vision technologies . a new line profile based imaging segmentation algorithm has been developed to provide a robust and accurate segmentation of a group of touching corns . the performance of the line profile based algorithm has been compared to a watershed based imaging segmentation algorithm . both algorithms are tested on three diffe ←
→ distinct word length frequencies : distributions and symbol entropies ; the distribution of frequency counts of distinct words by length in a language ' s vocabulary will be analyzed using two methods . the first , will look at the empirical distributions of several languages and derive a distribution that reasonably explains the number of distinct words as a function of length . we will be able to derive the frequency count , mean word length , and variance of word length based on the marginal probability of lette ←
→ a systematic comparison of supervised classifiers ; pattern recognition techniques have been employed in a myriad of industrial , medical , commercial and academic applications . to tackle such a diversity of data , many techniques have been devised . however , despite the long tradition of pattern recognition research , there is no technique that yields the best classification in all scenarios . therefore , the consideration of as many as possible techniques presents itself as an fundamental practice in application ←
→ gaussian processes for sample efficient reinforcement learning with rmax - like exploration ; we present an implementation of model - based online reinforcement learning ( rl ) for continuous domains with deterministic transitions that is specifically designed to achieve low sample complexity . to achieve low sample complexity , since the environment is unknown , an agent must intelligently balance exploration and exploitation , and must be able to rapidly generalize from observations . while in the past a number of ←
→ hybrid ps - v technique : a novel sensor fusion approach for fast mobile eye - tracking with sensor - shift aware correction ; this paper introduces and evaluates a hybrid technique that fuses efficiently the eye - tracking principles of photosensor oculography ( psog ) and video oculography ( vog ). the main concept of this novel approach is to use a few fast and power - economic photosensors as the core mechanism for performing high speed eye - tracking , whereas in parallel , use a video sensor operating at low sampling -←
→ deep disentangled representations for volumetric reconstruction ; we introduce a convolutional neural network for inferring a compact disentangled graphical description of objects from 2d images that can be used for volumetric reconstruction . the network comprises an encoder and a twin - tailed decoder . the encoder generates a disentangled graphics code . the first decoder generates a volume , and the second decoder reconstructs the input image using a novel training regime that allows the graphics code to lear ←
→ a brief network analysis of artificial intelligence publication ; in this paper , we present an illustration to the history of artificial intelligence ( ai ) with a statistical analysis of publish since 1940 . we collected and mined through the ieee publish data base to analysis the geological and chronological variance of the activeness of research in ai . the connections between different institutes are showed . the result shows that the leading community of ai research are mainly in the usa , china , the europe a ←
→ leril : collaborative effort for creating lexical resources ; the paper reports on efforts taken to create lexical resources pertaining to indian languages , using the collaborative model . the lexical resources being developed are : ( 1 ) transfer lexicon and grammar from english to several indian languages . ( 2 ) dependencey tree bank of annotated corpora for several indian languages . the dependency trees are based on the paninian model . ( 3 ) bilingual dictionary of ' core meanings '.←
→ an efficient watermarking algorithm to improve payload and robustness without affecting image perceptual quality ; capacity , robustness , & perceptual quality of watermark data are very important issues to be considered . a lot of research is going on to increase these parameters for watermarking of the digital images , as there is always a tradeoff among them . . in this paper an efficient watermarking algorithm to improve payload and robustness without affecting perceptual quality of image data based on dwt ←
→ deep learning based large - scale automatic satellite crosswalk classification ; high - resolution satellite imagery have been increasingly used on remote sensing classification problems . one of the main factors is the availability of this kind of data . even though , very little effort has been placed on the zebra crossing classification problem . in this letter , crowdsourcing systems are exploited in order to enable the automatic acquisition and annotation of a large - scale satellite imagery database for crossw ←
→ can prosody aid the automatic classification of dialog acts in conversational speech ? ; identifying whether an utterance is a statement , question , greeting , and so forth is integral to effective automatic understanding of natural dialog . little is known , however , about how such dialog acts ( das ) can be automatically classified in truly natural conversation . this study asks whether current approaches , which use mainly word information , could be improved by adding prosodic information . the study is based on ←
→ relation extraction : a survey ; with the advent of the internet , large amount of digital text is generated everyday in the form of news articles , research publications , blogs , question answering forums and social media . it is important to develop techniques for extracting information automatically from these documents , as lot of important information is hidden within them . this extracted information can be used to improve access and management of knowledge hidden in large text corpora . several applications ←
→ model - based influence diagrams for machine vision ; we show an approach to automated control of machine vision systems based on incremental creation and evaluation of a particular family of influence diagrams that represent hypotheses of imagery interpretation and possible subsequent processing decisions . in our approach , model - based machine vision techniques are integrated with hierarchical bayesian inference to provide a framework for representing and matching instances of objects and relationships in ima ←
→ diracnets : training very deep neural networks without skip - connections ; deep neural networks with skip - connections , such as resnet , show excellent performance in various image classification benchmarks . it is though observed that the initial motivation behind them - training deeper networks - does not actually hold true , and the benefits come from increased capacity , rather than from depth . motivated by this , and inspired from resnet , we propose a simple dirac weight parameterization , which allows us to tr ←
→ fast binary embedding via circulant downsampled matrix -- a data - independent approach ; binary embedding of high - dimensional data aims to produce low - dimensional binary codes while preserving discriminative power . state - of - the - art methods often suffer from high computation and storage costs . we present a simple and fast embedding scheme by first downsampling n - dimensional data into m - dimensional data and then multiplying the data with an mxm circulant matrix . our method requires o ( n + m log m ) computation ←
→ agent - based modeling of a price information trading business ; we describe an agent - based simulation of a fictional ( but feasible ) information trading business . the gas price information trader ( gpit ) buys information about real - time gas prices in a metropolitan area from drivers and resells the information to drivers who need to refuel their vehicles . our simulation uses real world geographic data , lifestyle - dependent driving patterns and vehicle models to create an agent - based model of the drivers . we u ←
→ on the implementation of gnu prolog ; gnu prolog is a general - purpose implementation of the prolog language , which distinguishes itself from most other systems by being , above all else , a native - code compiler which produces standalone executables which don ' t rely on any byte - code emulator or meta - interpreter . other aspects which stand out include the explicit organization of the prolog system as a multipass compiler , where intermediate representations are materialized , in unix compiler tradition . gnu prolog ←
→ team formation for scheduling educational material in massive online classes ; whether teaching in a classroom or a massive online open course it is crucial to present the material in a way that benefits the audience as a whole . we identify two important tasks to solve towards this objective , 1 group students so that they can maximally benefit from peer interaction and 2 find an optimal schedule of the educational material for each group . thus , in this paper , we solve the problem of team formation and con ←
→ auto - encoder guided gan for chinese calligraphy synthesis ; in this paper , we investigate the chinese calligraphy synthesis problem : synthesizing chinese calligraphy images with specified style from standard font ( eg . hei font ) images ( fig . 1 ( a )). recent works mostly follow the stroke extraction and assemble pipeline which is complex in the process and limited by the effect of stroke extraction . we treat the calligraphy synthesis problem as an image - to - image translation problem and propose a deep neural netw ←
→ induction and uncertainty management techniques applied to veterinary medical diagnosis ; this paper discusses a project undertaken between the departments of computing science , statistics , and the college of veterinary medicine to design a medical diagnostic system . on - line medical data has been collected in the hospital database system for several years . a number of induction methods are being used to extract knowledge from the data in an attempt to improve upon simple diagnostic charts used by the clin ←
→ utilisation des grammaires probabilistes dans les tâches de segmentation et d ' annotation prosodique ; nous pr \' esentons dans cette contribution une approche \` a la fois symbolique et probabiliste permettant d ' extraire l ' information sur la segmentation du signal de parole \` a partir d ' information prosodique . nous utilisons pour ce faire des grammaires probabilistes poss \' edant une structure hi \' erarchique minimale . la phase de construction des grammaires ainsi que leur pouvoir de pr \' ediction sont \' evalu \←
→ multivariate temporal dictionary learning for eeg ; this article addresses the issue of representing electroencephalographic ( eeg ) signals in an efficient way . while classical approaches use a fixed gabor dictionary to analyze eeg signals , this article proposes a data - driven method to obtain an adapted dictionary . to reach an efficient dictionary learning , appropriate spatial and temporal modeling is required . inter - channels links are taken into account in the spatial multivariate model , and shift - invarianc ←
→ bayesian meta - reasoning : determining model adequacy from within a small world ; this paper presents a bayesian framework for assessing the adequacy of a model without the necessity of explicitly enumerating a specific alternate model . a test statistic is developed for tracking the performance of the model across repeated problem instances . asymptotic methods are used to derive an approximate distribution for the test statistic . when the model is rejected , the individual components of the test statistic ca ←
→ improving compressed counting ; compressed counting ( cc ) [ 22 ] was recently proposed for estimating the ath frequency moments of data streams , where 0 < a <= 2 . cc can be used for estimating shannon entropy , which can be approximated by certain functions of the ath frequency moments as a -> 1 . monitoring shannon entropy for anomaly detection ( e . g ., ddos attacks ) in large networks is an important task . this paper presents a new algorithm for improving cc . the improvement is most substantial when a -> 1 --. for ←
→ random forests of interaction trees for estimating individualized treatment effects in randomized trials ; assessing heterogeneous treatment effects has become a growing interest in advancing precision medicine . individualized treatment effects ( ite ) play a critical role in such an endeavor . concerning experimental data collected from randomized trials , we put forward a method , termed random forests of interaction trees ( rfit ), for estimating ite on the basis of interaction trees ( su et al ., 2009 ). to thi ←
→ a new technique for combining multiple classifiers using the dempster - shafer theory of evidence ; this paper presents a new classifier combination technique based on the dempster - shafer theory of evidence . the dempster - shafer theory of evidence is a powerful method for combining measures of evidence from different classifiers . however , since each of the available methods that estimates the evidence of classifiers has its own limitations , we propose here a new implementation which adapts to training data s ←
→ fractal descriptors of texture images based on the triangular prism dimension ; this work presents a novel descriptor for texture images based on fractal geometry and its application to image analysis . the descriptors are provided by estimating the triangular prism fractal dimension under different scales with a weight exponential parameter , followed by dimensionality reduction using karhunen - lo \`{ e } ve transform . the efficiency of the proposed descriptors is tested on two well - known texture data sets , tha ←
→ robust anomaly detection using semidefinite programming ; this paper presents a new approach , based on polynomial optimization and the method of moments , to the problem of anomaly detection . the proposed technique only requires information about the statistical moments of the normal - state distribution of the features of interest and compares favorably with existing approaches ( such as parzen windows and 1 - class svm ). in addition , it provides a succinct description of the normal state . thus , it leads to a su ←
→ model - based event detection in wireless sensor networks ; in this paper we present an application of techniques from statistical signal processing to the problem of event detection in wireless sensor networks used for environmental monitoring . the proposed approach uses the well - established principal component analysis ( pca ) technique to build a compact model of the observed phenomena that is able to capture daily and seasonal trends in the collected measurements . we then use the divergence between actual m ←
→ stance detection in online discussions ; this paper describes our system created to detect stance in online discussions . the goal is to identify whether the author of a comment is in favor of the given target or against . our approach is based on a maximum entropy classifier , which uses surface - level , sentiment and domain - specific features . the system was originally developed to detect stance in english tweets . we adapted it to process czech news commentaries .←
→ possible and necessary allocations via sequential mechanisms ; a simple mechanism for allocating indivisible resources is sequential allocation in which agents take turns to pick items . we focus on possible and necessary allocation problems , checking whether allocations of a given form occur in some or all mechanisms for several commonly used classes of sequential allocation mechanisms . in particular , we consider whether a given agent receives a given item , a set of items , or a subset of items for five natu ←
→ parallel and in - process compilation of individuals for genetic programming on gpu ; three approaches to implement genetic programming on gpu hardware are compilation , interpretation and direct generation of machine code . the compiled approach is known to have a prohibitive overhead compared to other two . this paper investigates methods to accelerate compilation of individuals for genetic programming on gpu hardware . we apply in - process compilation to minimize the compilation overhead at each generation ; a ←
→ probabilistic semantics and defaults ; there is much interest in providing probabilistic semantics for defaults but most approaches seem to suffer from one of two problems : either they require numbers , a problem defaults were intended to avoid , or they generate peculiar side effects . rather than provide semantics for defaults , we address the problem defaults were intended to solve : that of reasoning under uncertainty where numeric probability distributions are not available . we describe a non - numeric formal ←
→ smile detection in the wild based on transfer learning ; smile detection from unconstrained facial images is a specialized and challenging problem . as one of the most informative expressions , smiles convey basic underlying emotions , such as happiness and satisfaction , which lead to multiple applications , e . g ., human behavior analysis and interactive controlling . compared to the size of databases for face recognition , far less labeled data is available for training smile detection systems . to leverage the la ←
→ from depth data to head pose estimation : a siamese approach ; the correct estimation of the head pose is a problem of the great importance for many applications . for instance , it is an enabling technology in automotive for driver attention monitoring . in this paper , we tackle the pose estimation problem through a deep learning network working in regression manner . traditional methods usually rely on visual facial features , such as facial landmarks or nose tip position . in contrast , we exploit a convolutiona ←
→ named entity recognition for novel types by transfer learning ; in named entity recognition , we often don ' t have a large in - domain training corpus or a knowledge base with adequate coverage to train a model directly . in this paper , we propose a method where , given training data in a related domain with similar ( but not identical ) named entity ( ne ) types and a small amount of in - domain training data , we use transfer learning to learn a domain - specific ne model . that is , the novelty in the task setup is that ←
→ a short variational proof of equivalence between policy gradients and soft q learning ; two main families of reinforcement learning algorithms , q - learning and policy gradients , have recently been proven to be equivalent when using a softmax relaxation on one part , and an entropic regularization on the other . we relate this result to the well - known convex duality of shannon entropy and the softmax function . such a result is also known as the donsker - varadhan formula . this provides a short proof of the equi ←
→ classification of images using support vector machines ; support vector machines ( svms ) are a relatively new supervised classification technique to the land cover mapping community . they have their roots in statistical learning theory and have gained prominence because they are robust , accurate and are effective even when using a small training sample . by their nature svms are essentially binary classifiers , however , they can be adopted to handle the multiple classification tasks common in remote sensing st ←
→ lagged exact bayesian online changepoint detection ; identifying changes in the generative process of sequential data , known as changepoint detection , has become an increasingly important topic for a wide variety of fields . a recently developed approach , which we call exact online bayesian changepoint detection ( exo ), has shown reasonable results with efficient computation for real time updates . however , when the changes are relatively small , exo starts to have difficulty in detecting changepoints accuratel ←
→ towards adjustable autonomy for the real world ; adjustable autonomy refers to entities dynamically varying their own autonomy , transferring decision - making control to other entities ( typically agents transferring control to human users ) in key situations . determining whether and when such transfers - of - control should occur is arguably the fundamental research problem in adjustable autonomy . previous work has investigated various approaches to addressing this problem but has often focused on individual agent ←
→ generating time - based label refinements to discover more precise process models ; process mining is a research field focused on the analysis of event data with the aim of extracting insights related to dynamic behavior . applying process mining techniques on data from smart home environments has the potential to provide valuable insights in ( un ) healthy habits and to contribute to ambient assisted living solutions . finding the right event labels to enable the application of process mining techniques is howe ←
→ no spurious local minima in nonconvex low rank problems : a unified geometric analysis ; in this paper we develop a new framework that captures the common landscape underlying the common non - convex low - rank matrix problems including matrix sensing , matrix completion and robust pca . in particular , we show for all above problems ( including asymmetric cases ): 1 ) all local minima are also globally optimal ; 2 ) no high - order saddle points exists . these results explain why simple algorithms such as stochastic gra ←
→ renn : rule - embedded neural networks ; the artificial neural network shows powerful ability of inference , but it is still criticized for lack of interpretability and prerequisite needs of big dataset . this paper proposes the rule - embedded neural network ( renn ) to overcome the shortages . renn first makes local - based inferences to detect local patterns , and then uses rules based on domain knowledge about the local patterns to generate rule - modulated map . after that , renn makes global - based inferences that synt ←
→ deep multi - task learning for railway track inspection ; railroad tracks need to be periodically inspected and monitored to ensure safe transportation . automated track inspection using computer vision and pattern recognition methods have recently shown the potential to improve safety by allowing for more frequent inspections while reducing human errors . achieving full automation is still very challenging due to the number of different possible failure modes as well as the broad range of image variations that ←
→ text network exploration via heterogeneous web of topics ; a text network refers to a data type that each vertex is associated with a text document and the relationship between documents is represented by edges . the proliferation of text networks such as hyperlinked webpages and academic citation networks has led to an increasing demand for quickly developing a general sense of a new text network , namely text network exploration . in this paper , we address the problem of text network exploration through cons ←
→ face recognition using discrete cosine transform for global and local features ; face recognition using discrete cosine transform ( dct ) for local and global features involves recognizing the corresponding face image from the database . the face image obtained from the user is cropped such that only the frontal face image is extracted , eliminating the background . the image is restricted to a size of 128 x 128 pixels . all images in the database are gray level images . dct is applied to the entire image . this ←
→ thompson sampling for linear - quadratic control problems ; we consider the exploration - exploitation tradeoff in linear quadratic ( lq ) control problems , where the state dynamics is linear and the cost function is quadratic in states and controls . we analyze the regret of thompson sampling ( ts ) ( a . k . a . posterior - sampling for reinforcement learning ) in the frequentist setting , i . e ., when the parameters characterizing the lq dynamics are fixed . despite the empirical and theoretical success in a wide range of pro ←
→ incremental learning of event definitions with inductive logic programming ; event recognition systems rely on properly engineered knowledge bases of event definitions to infer occurrences of events in time . the manual development of such knowledge is a tedious and error - prone task , thus event - based applications may benefit from automated knowledge construction techniques , such as inductive logic programming ( ilp ), which combines machine learning with the declarative and formal semantics of first - order lo ←
→ nonlinear memory capacity of parallel time - delay reservoir computers in the processing of multidimensional signals ; this paper addresses the reservoir design problem in the context of delay - based reservoir computers for multidimensional input signals , parallel architectures , and real - time multitasking . first , an approximating reservoir model is presented in those frameworks that provides an explicit functional link between the reservoir parameters and architecture and its performance in the execution of ←
→ learning the latent state space of time - varying graphs ; from social networks to internet applications , a wide variety of electronic communication tools are producing streams of graph data ; where the nodes represent users and the edges represent the contacts between them over time . this has led to an increased interest in mechanisms to model the dynamic structure of time - varying graphs . in this work , we develop a framework for learning the latent state space of a time - varying email graph . we show how the fr ←
→ introducing request : an open platform for reproducible and quality - efficient systems - ml tournaments ; co - designing efficient machine learning based systems across the whole hardware / software stack to trade off speed , accuracy , energy and costs is becoming extremely complex and time consuming . researchers often struggle to evaluate and compare different published works across rapidly evolving software frameworks , heterogeneous hardware platforms , compilers , libraries , algorithms , data sets , models , and env ←
→ complexity analysis of vario - eta through structure ; graph - based representations of images have recently acquired an important role for classification purposes within the context of machine learning approaches . the underlying idea is to consider that relevant information of an image is implicitly encoded into the relationships between more basic entities that compose by themselves the whole image . the classification problem is then reformulated in terms of an optimization problem usually solved by a gradien ←
→ topicviz : semantic navigation of document collections ; when people explore and manage information , they think in terms of topics and themes . however , the software that supports information exploration sees text at only the surface level . in this paper we show how topic modeling -- a technique for identifying latent themes across large collections of documents -- can support semantic exploration . we present topicviz , an interactive environment for information exploration . topicviz combines traditional searc ←
→ dynamic construction of belief networks ; we describe a method for incrementally constructing belief networks . we have developed a network - construction language similar to a forward - chaining language using data dependencies , but with additional features for specifying distributions . using this language , we can define parameterized classes of probabilistic models . these parameterized models make it possible to apply probabilistic reasoning to problems for which it is impractical to have a single large static ←
→ post - proceedings of the first international workshop on learning and nonmonotonic reasoning ; knowledge representation and reasoning and machine learning are two important fields in ai . nonmonotonic logic programming ( nmlp ) and answer set programming ( asp ) provide formal languages for representing and reasoning with commonsense knowledge and realize declarative problem solving in ai . on the other side , inductive logic programming ( ilp ) realizes machine learning in logic programming , which provides a forma ←
→ object captioning and retrieval with natural language ; we address the problem of jointly learning vision and language to understand the object in a fine - grained manner . the key idea of our approach is the use of object descriptions to provide the detailed understanding of an object . based on this idea , we propose two new architectures to solve two related problems : object captioning and natural language - based object retrieval . the goal of the object captioning task is to simultaneously detect the object an ←
→ cluster - aided mobility predictions ; predicting the future location of users in wireless net - works has numerous applications , and can help service providers to improve the quality of service perceived by their clients . the location predictors proposed so far estimate the next location of a specific user by inspecting the past individual trajectories of this user . as a consequence , when the training data collected for a given user is limited , the resulting prediction is inaccurate . in this paper , we develop ←
→ noisy expectation - maximization : applications and generalizations ; we present a noise - injected version of the expectation - maximization ( em ) algorithm : the noisy expectation maximization ( nem ) algorithm . the nem algorithm uses noise to speed up the convergence of the em algorithm . the nem theorem shows that injected noise speeds up the average convergence of the em algorithm to a local maximum of the likelihood surface if a positivity condition holds . the generalized form of the noisy expectation - maximizatio ←
→ riemannian tensor completion with side information ; by restricting the iterate on a nonlinear manifold , the recently proposed riemannian optimization methods prove to be both efficient and effective in low rank tensor completion problems . however , existing methods fail to exploit the easily accessible side information , due to their format mismatch . consequently , there is still room for improvement in such methods . to fill the gap , in this paper , a novel riemannian model is proposed to organically integrate ←
→ distributed k - means algorithm ; in this paper we provide a fully distributed implementation of the k - means clustering algorithm , intended for wireless sensor networks where each agent is endowed with a possibly high - dimensional observation ( e . g ., position , humidity , temperature , etc .) the proposed algorithm , by means of one - hop communication , partitions the agents into measure - dependent groups that have small in - group and large out - group " distances ". since the partitions may not have a relation with the top ←
→ stance and sentiment in tweets ; we can often detect from a person ' s utterances whether he / she is in favor of or against a given target entity -- their stance towards the target . however , a person may express the same stance towards a target by using negative or positive language . here for the first time we present a dataset of tweet -- target pairs annotated for both stance and sentiment . the targets may or may not be referred to in the tweets , and they may or may not be the target of opinion in the tweets . ←
→ learning adaptive parameter tuning for image processing ; the non - stationary nature of image characteristics calls for adaptive processing , based on the local image content . we propose a simple and flexible method to learn local tuning of parameters in adaptive image processing : we extract simple local features from an image and learn the relation between these features and the optimal filtering parameters . learning is performed by optimizing a user defined cost function ( any image quality metric ) on a trai ←
→ time series compression based on adaptive piecewise recurrent autoencoder ; time series account for a large proportion of the data stored in financial , medical and scientific databases . the efficient storage of time series is important in practical applications . in this paper , we propose a novel compression scheme for time series . the encoder and decoder are both composed by recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) such as long short - term memory ( lstm ). there is an autoencoder between encoder and decoder , which en ←
→ re - weighted learning for sparsifying deep neural networks ; this paper addresses the topic of sparsifying deep neural networks ( dnn ' s ). while dnn ' s are powerful models that achieve state - of - the - art performance on a large number of tasks , the large number of model parameters poses serious storage and computational challenges . to combat these difficulties , a growing line of work focuses on pruning network weights without sacrificing performance . we propose a general affine scaling transformation ( ast ) algorit ←
→ local and global approaches of affinity propagation clustering for large scale data ; recently a new clustering algorithm called ' affinity propagation ' ( ap ) has been proposed , which efficiently clustered sparsely related data by passing messages between data points . however , we want to cluster large scale data where the similarities are not sparse in many cases . this paper presents two variants of ap for grouping large scale data with a dense similarity matrix . the local approach is partition affinity pro ←
→$\ ell_1 $- k - svd : a robust dictionary learning algorithm with simultaneous update ; we develop a dictionary learning algorithm by minimizing the $\ ell_1 $ distortion metric on the data term , which is known to be robust for non - gaussian noise contamination . the proposed algorithm exploits the idea of iterative minimization of weighted $\ ell_2 $ error . we refer to this algorithm as $\ ell_1 $- k - svd , where the dictionary atoms and the corresponding sparse coefficients are simultaneously updated to minimize the $\ e ←
→ entropy - sgd : biasing gradient descent into wide valleys ; this paper proposes a new optimization algorithm called entropy - sgd for training deep neural networks that is motivated by the local geometry of the energy landscape . local extrema with low generalization error have a large proportion of almost - zero eigenvalues in the hessian with very few positive or negative eigenvalues . we leverage upon this observation to construct a local - entropy - based objective function that favors well - generalizable solutions ←
→ fuzzy - based dialectical non - supervised image classification and clustering ; the materialist dialectical method is a philosophical investigative method to analyze aspects of reality . these aspects are viewed as complex processes composed by basic units named poles , which interact with each other . dialectics has experienced considerable progress in the 19th century , with hegel ' s dialectics and , in the 20th century , with the works of marx , engels , and gramsci , in philosophy and economics . the movement of po ←
→ a model for non - monotonic reasoning using dempster ' s rule ; considerable attention has been given to the problem of non - monotonic reasoning in a belief function framework . earlier work ( m . ginsberg ) proposed solutions introducing meta - rules which recognized conditional independencies in a probabilistic sense . more recently an e - calculus formulation of default reasoning ( j . pearl ) shows that the application of dempster ' s rule to a non - monotonic situation produces erroneous results . this paper presents a new ←
→ supervised learning with similarity functions ; we address the problem of general supervised learning when data can only be accessed through an ( indefinite ) similarity function between data points . existing work on learning with indefinite kernels has concentrated solely on binary / multi - class classification problems . we propose a model that is generic enough to handle any supervised learning task and also subsumes the model previously proposed for classification . we give a " goodness " criterion for similarit ←
→ desnownet : context - aware deep network for snow removal ; existing learning - based atmospheric particle - removal approaches such as those used for rainy and hazy images are designed with strong assumptions regarding spatial frequency , trajectory , and translucency . however , the removal of snow particles is more complicated because it possess the additional attributes of particle size and shape , and these attributes may vary within a single image . currently , hand - crafted features are still the mainstream for sno ←
→ learning to act greedily : polymatroid semi - bandits ; many important optimization problems , such as the minimum spanning tree and minimum - cost flow , can be solved optimally by a greedy method . in this work , we study a learning variant of these problems , where the model of the problem is unknown and has to be learned by interacting repeatedly with the environment in the bandit setting . we formalize our learning problem quite generally , as learning how to maximize an unknown modular function on a known polymat ←
→ a review of convolutional neural networks for inverse problems in imaging ; in this survey paper , we review recent uses of convolution neural networks ( cnns ) to solve inverse problems in imaging . it has recently become feasible to train deep cnns on large databases of images , and they have shown outstanding performance on object classification and segmentation tasks . motivated by these successes , researchers have begun to apply cnns to the resolution of inverse problems such as denoising , deconvolution , s ←
→ distributionally ambiguous optimization techniques in batch bayesian optimization ; we propose a novel , theoretically - grounded , acquisition function for batch bayesian optimization informed by insights from distributionally ambiguous optimization . our acquisition function is a lower bound on the well - known expected improvement function -- which requires a multi - dimensional gaussian expectation over a piecewise affine function -- and is computed by evaluating instead the best - case expectation over all prob ←
→ merging satellite measurements of rainfall using multi - scale imagery technique ; several passive microwave satellites orbit the earth and measure rainfall . these measurements have the advantage of almost full global coverage when compared to surface rain gauges . however , these satellites have low temporal revisit and missing data over some regions . image fusion is a useful technique to fill in the gaps of one image ( one satellite measurement ) using another one . the proposed algorithm uses an iterative fus ←
→ guided co - training for large - scale multi - view spectral clustering ; in many real - world applications , we have access to multiple views of the data , each of which characterizes the data from a distinct aspect . several previous algorithms have demonstrated that one can achieve better clustering accuracy by integrating information from all views appropriately than using only an individual view . owing to the effectiveness of spectral clustering , many multi - view clustering methods are based on it . unfortunately , ←
→ fastgcn : fast learning with graph convolutional networks via importance sampling ; the graph convolutional networks ( gcn ) recently proposed by kipf and welling are an effective graph model for semi - supervised learning . this model , however , was originally designed to be learned with the presence of both training and test data . moreover , the recursive neighborhood expansion across layers poses time and memory challenges for training with large , dense graphs . to relax the requirement of simultaneous availabi ←
→ efficiently summarising event sequences with rich interleaving patterns ; discovering the key structure of a database is one of the main goals of data mining . in pattern set mining we do so by discovering a small set of patterns that together describe the data well . the richer the class of patterns we consider , and the more powerful our description language , the better we will be able to summarise the data . in this paper we propose \ ourmethod , a novel greedy mdl - based method for summarising sequential data ←
→ pde - constrained optimization in medical image analysis ; pde - constrained optimization problems find many applications in medical image analysis , for example , neuroimaging , cardiovascular imaging , and oncological imaging . we review related literature and give examples on the formulation , discretization , and numerical solution of pde - constrained optimization problems for medical imaging . we discuss three examples . the first one is image registration . the second one is data assimilation for brain tumor patient ←
→ psychological and personality profiles of political extremists ; global recruitment into radical islamic movements has spurred renewed interest in the appeal of political extremism . is the appeal a rational response to material conditions or is it the expression of psychological and personality disorders associated with aggressive behavior , intolerance , conspiratorial imagination , and paranoia ? empirical answers using surveys have been limited by lack of access to extremist groups , while field studies have ←
→ survey on various gesture recognition techniques for interfacing machines based on ambient intelligence ; gesture recognition is mainly apprehensive on analyzing the functionality of human wits . the main goal of gesture recognition is to create a system which can recognize specific human gestures and use them to convey information or for device control . hand gestures provide a separate complementary modality to speech for expressing ones ideas . information associated with hand gestures in a conversation i ←
→ obtaining depth maps from color images by region based stereo matching algorithms ; in the paper , region based stereo matching algorithms are developed for extraction depth information from two color stereo image pair . a filter eliminating unreliable disparity estimation was used for increasing reliability of the disparity map . obtained results by algorithms were represented and compared .←
→ on the probabilistic continuous complexity conjecture ; in this paper we prove the probabilistic continuous complexity conjecture . in continuous complexity theory , this states that the complexity of solving a continuous problem with probability approaching 1 converges ( in this limit ) to the complexity of solving the same problem in its worst case . we prove the conjecture holds if and only if space of problem elements is uniformly convex . the non - uniformly convex case has a striking counterexample in the pro ←
→ enhanced twitter sentiment classification using contextual information ; the rise in popularity and ubiquity of twitter has made sentiment analysis of tweets an important and well - covered area of research . however , the 140 character limit imposed on tweets makes it hard to use standard linguistic methods for sentiment classification . on the other hand , what tweets lack in structure they make up with sheer volume and rich metadata . this metadata includes geolocation , temporal and author information . we hypot ←
→ a joint probabilistic classification model of relevant and irrelevant sentences in mathematical word problems ; estimating the difficulty level of math word problems is an important task for many educational applications . identification of relevant and irrelevant sentences in math word problems is an important step for calculating the difficulty levels of such problems . this paper addresses a novel application of text categorization to identify two types of sentences in mathematical word problems , namely ←
→ active learning for visual question answering : an empirical study ; we present an empirical study of active learning for visual question answering , where a deep vqa model selects informative question - image pairs from a pool and queries an oracle for answers to maximally improve its performance under a limited query budget . drawing analogies from human learning , we explore cramming ( entropy ), curiosity - driven ( expected model change ), and goal - driven ( expected error reduction ) active learning approaches , and ←
→ video fill in the blank with merging lstms ; given a video and its incomplete textural description with missing words , the video - fill - in - the - blank ( vifitb ) task is to automatically find the missing word . the contextual information of the sentences are important to infer the missing words ; the visual cues are even more crucial to get a more accurate inference . in this paper , we presents a new method which intuitively takes advantage of the structure of the sentences and employs merging lstms ( to merge two ls ←
→ robust lstm - autoencoders for face de - occlusion in the wild ; face recognition techniques have been developed significantly in recent years . however , recognizing faces with partial occlusion is still challenging for existing face recognizers which is heavily desired in real - world applications concerning surveillance and security . although much research effort has been devoted to developing face de - occlusion methods , most of them can only work well under constrained conditions , such as all the faces are from ←
→ multi - horizon solar radiation forecasting for mediterranean locations using time series models ; considering the grid manager ' s point of view , needs in terms of prediction of intermittent energy like the photovoltaic resource can be distinguished according to the considered horizon : following days ( d + 1 , d + 2 and d + 3 ), next day by hourly step ( h + 24 ), next hour ( h + 1 ) and next few minutes ( m + 5 e . g .). through this work , we have identified methodologies using time series models for the prediction horizon of glo ←
→ metric learning for temporal sequence alignment ; in this paper , we propose to learn a mahalanobis distance to perform alignment of multivariate time series . the learning examples for this task are time series for which the true alignment is known . we cast the alignment problem as a structured prediction task , and propose realistic losses between alignments for which the optimization is tractable . we provide experiments on real data in the audio to audio context , where we show that the learning of a similar ←
→ methodology to analyze the accuracy of 3d objects reconstructed with collaborative robot based monocular lsd - slam ; slam systems are mainly applied for robot navigation while research on feasibility for motion planning with slam for tasks like bin - picking , is scarce . accurate 3d reconstruction of objects and environments is important for planning motion and computing optimal gripper pose to grasp objects . in this work , we propose the methods to analyze the accuracy of a 3d environment reconstructed using ←
→ vuldeepecker : a deep learning - based system for vulnerability detection ; the automatic detection of software vulnerabilities is an important research problem . however , existing solutions to this problem rely on human experts to define features and often miss many vulnerabilities ( i . e ., incurring high false negative rate ). in this paper , we initiate the study of using deep learning - based vulnerability detection to relieve human experts from the tedious and subjective task of manually defining features . since ←
→ clac : semantic relatedness of words and phrases ; the measurement of phrasal semantic relatedness is an important metric for many natural language processing applications . in this paper , we present three approaches for measuring phrasal semantics , one based on a semantic network model , another on a distributional similarity model , and a hybrid between the two . our hybrid approach achieved an f - measure of 77 . 4 % on the task of evaluating the semantic similarity of words and compositional phrases .←
→ camkii activation supports reward - based neural network optimization through hamiltonian sampling ; synaptic plasticity is implemented and controlled through over thousand different types of molecules in the postsynaptic density and presynaptic boutons that assume a staggering array of different states through phosporylation and other mechanisms . one of the most prominent molecule in the postsynaptic density is camkii , that is described in molecular biology as a " memory molecule " that can integrate through ←
→ videoset : video summary evaluation through text ; in this paper we present videoset , a method for video summary evaluation through text that can evaluate how well a video summary is able to retain the semantic information contained in its original video . we observe that semantics is most easily expressed in words , and develop a text - based approach for the evaluation . given a video summary , a text representation of the video summary is first generated , and an nlp - based metric is then used to measure its sema ←
→ optimal schedules for parallelizing anytime algorithms : the case of shared resources ; the performance of anytime algorithms can be improved by simultaneously solving several instances of algorithm - problem pairs . these pairs may include different instances of a problem ( such as starting from a different initial state ), different algorithms ( if several alternatives exist ), or several runs of the same algorithm ( for non - deterministic algorithms ). in this paper we present a methodology for designing an optim ←
→ typical models : minimizing false beliefs ; a knowledge system s describing a part of real world does in general not contain complete information . reasoning with incomplete information is prone to errors since any belief derived from s may be false in the present state of the world . a false belief may suggest wrong decisions and lead to harmful actions . so an important goal is to make false beliefs as unlikely as possible . this work introduces the notions of " typical atoms " and " typical models ", and shows th ←
→ word sense disambiguation with lstm : do we really need 100 billion words ? ; recently , yuan et al . ( 2016 ) have shown the effectiveness of using long short - term memory ( lstm ) for performing word sense disambiguation ( wsd ). their proposed technique outperformed the previous state - of - the - art with several benchmarks , but neither the training data nor the source code was released . this paper presents the results of a reproduction study of this technique using only openly available datasets ( gigaword , semcore , o ←
→ an adaptive amoeba algorithm for shortest path tree computation in dynamic graphs ; this paper presents an adaptive amoeba algorithm to address the shortest path tree ( spt ) problem in dynamic graphs . in dynamic graphs , the edge weight updates consists of three categories : edge weight increases , edge weight decreases , the mixture of them . existing work on this problem solve this issue through analyzing the nodes influenced by the edge weight updates and recompute these affected vertices . however , when the ←
→ generalized inverse classification ; inverse classification is the process of perturbing an instance in a meaningful way such that it is more likely to conform to a specific class . historical methods that address such a problem are often framed to leverage only a single classifier , or specific set of classifiers . these works are often accompanied by naive assumptions . in this work we propose generalized inverse classification ( gic ), which avoids restricting the classification model that can be used . we inco ←
→ a chain dictionary method for word sense disambiguation and applications ; a large class of unsupervised algorithms for word sense disambiguation ( wsd ) is that of dictionary - based methods . various algorithms have as the root lesk ' s algorithm , which exploits the sense definitions in the dictionary directly . our approach uses the lexical base wordnet for a new algorithm originated in lesk ' s , namely " chain algorithm for disambiguation of all words ", chad . we show how translation from a language into another on ←
→ image segmentation using overlapping group sparsity ; sparse decomposition has been widely used for different applications , such as source separation , image classification and image denoising . this paper presents a new algorithm for segmentation of an image into background and foreground text and graphics using sparse decomposition . first , the background is represented using a suitable smooth model , which is a linear combination of a few smoothly varying basis functions , and the foreground text and graphics ←
→ spatial features for multi - font / multi - size kannada numerals and vowels recognition ; this paper presents multi - font / multi - size kannada numerals and vowels recognition based on spatial features . directional spatial features viz stroke density , stroke length and the number of stokes in an image are employed as potential features to characterize the printed kannada numerals and vowels . based on these features 1100 numerals and 1400 vowels are classified with multi - class support vector machines ( svm ). the pro ←
→ durkheim project data analysis report ; this report describes the suicidality prediction models created under the darpa dcaps program in association with the durkheim project [ http :// durkheimproject . org /]. the models were built primarily from unstructured text ( free - format clinician notes ) for several hundred patient records obtained from the veterans health administration ( vha ). the models were constructed using a genetic programming algorithm applied to bag - of - words and bag - of - phrases datasets . the influe ←
→ note on equivalence between recurrent neural network time series models and variational bayesian models ; we observe that the standard log likelihood training objective for a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) model of time series data is equivalent to a variational bayesian training objective , given the proper choice of generative and inference models . this perspective may motivate extensions to both rnns and variational bayesian models . we propose one such extension , where multiple particles are used for th ←
→ joint learning of sentence embeddings for relevance and entailment ; we consider the problem of recognizing textual entailment within an information retrieval context , where we must simultaneously determine the relevancy as well as degree of entailment for individual pieces of evidence to determine a yes / no answer to a binary natural language question . we compare several variants of neural networks for sentence embeddings in a setting of decision - making based on evidence of varying relevance . we propose a ←
→ learning to decode linear codes using deep learning ; a novel deep learning method for improving the belief propagation algorithm is proposed . the method generalizes the standard belief propagation algorithm by assigning weights to the edges of the tanner graph . these edges are then trained using deep learning techniques . a well - known property of the belief propagation algorithm is the independence of the performance on the transmitted codeword . a crucial property of our new method is that our decoder prese ←
→ training restricted boltzmann machines on word observations ; the restricted boltzmann machine ( rbm ) is a flexible tool for modeling complex data , however there have been significant computational difficulties in using rbms to model high - dimensional multinomial observations . in natural language processing applications , words are naturally modeled by k - ary discrete distributions , where k is determined by the vocabulary size and can easily be in the hundreds of thousands . the conventional approach to training ←
→ modular representation of layered neural networks ; layered neural networks have greatly improved the performance of various applications including image processing , speech recognition , natural language processing , and bioinformatics . however , it is still difficult to discover or interpret knowledge from the inference provided by a layered neural network , since its internal representation has many nonlinear and complex parameters embedded in hierarchical layers . therefore , it becomes important to establish ←
→ 3d face reconstruction from light field images : a model - free approach ; reconstructing 3d facial geometry from a single rgb image has recently instigated wide research interest . however , it is still an ill - posed problem and most methods rely on prior models hence undermining the accuracy of the recovered 3d faces . in this paper , we exploit the epipolar plane images ( epi ) obtained from light field cameras and learn cnn models that recover horizontal and vertical 3d facial curves from the respective horizonta ←
→ on the geometry of bayesian graphical models with hidden variables ; in this paper we investigate the geometry of the likelihood of the unknown parameters in a simple class of bayesian directed graphs with hidden variables . this enables us , before any numerical algorithms are employed , to obtain certain insights in the nature of the unidentifiability inherent in such models , the way posterior densities will be sensitive to prior densities and the typical geometrical form these posterior densities might take ←
→ option pricing using bayesian neural networks ; options have provided a field of much study because of the complexity involved in pricing them . the black - scholes equations were developed to price options but they are only valid for european styled options . there is added complexity when trying to price american styled options and this is why the use of neural networks has been proposed . neural networks are able to predict outcomes based on past data . the inputs to the networks here are stock volatility , str ←
→ applications of a graph theoretic based clustering framework in computer vision and pattern recognition ; recently , several clustering algorithms have been used to solve variety of problems from different discipline . this dissertation aims to address different challenging tasks in computer vision and pattern recognition by casting the problems as a clustering problem . we proposed novel approaches to solve multi - target tracking , visual geo - localization and outlier detection problems using a unified underli ←
→ adversarially regularized autoencoders ; while autoencoders are a key technique in representation learning for continuous structures , such as images or wave forms , developing general - purpose autoencoders for discrete structures , such as text sequence or discretized images , has proven to be more challenging . in particular , discrete inputs make it more difficult to learn a smooth encoder that preserves the complex local relationships in the input space . in this work , we propose an adversarially regularized au ←
→ towards multistage design of modular systems ; the paper describes multistage design of composite ( modular ) systems ( i . e ., design of a system trajectory ). this design process consists of the following : ( i ) definition of a set of time / logical points ; ( ii ) modular design of the system for each time / logical point ( e . g ., on the basis of combinatorial synthesis as hierarchical morphological design or multiple choice problem ) to obtain several system solutions ; ( iii ) selection of the system solution for each time ←
→ reinforcement - based simultaneous algorithm and its hyperparameters selection ; many algorithms for data analysis exist , especially for classification problems . to solve a data analysis problem , a proper algorithm should be chosen , and also its hyperparameters should be selected . in this paper , we present a new method for the simultaneous selection of an algorithm and its hyperparameters . in order to do so , we reduced this problem to the multi - armed bandit problem . we consider an algorithm as an arm and al ←
→ painting analysis using wavelets and probabilistic topic models ; in this paper , computer - based techniques for stylistic analysis of paintings are applied to the five panels of the 14th century peruzzi altarpiece by giotto di bondone . features are extracted by combining a dual - tree complex wavelet transform with a hidden markov tree ( hmt ) model . hierarchical clustering is used to identify stylistic keywords in image patches , and keyword frequencies are calculated for sub - images that each contains many patch ←
→ learning tensors in reproducing kernel hilbert spaces with multilinear spectral penalties ; we present a general framework to learn functions in tensor product reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ( tp - rkhss ). the methodology is based on a novel representer theorem suitable for existing as well as new spectral penalties for tensors . when the functions in the tp - rkhs are defined on the cartesian product of finite discrete sets , in particular , our main problem formulation admits as a special case existing tenso ←
→ deep learning by scattering ; we introduce general scattering transforms as mathematical models of deep neural networks with l2 pooling . scattering networks iteratively apply complex valued unitary operators , and the pooling is performed by a complex modulus . an expected scattering defines a contractive representation of a high - dimensional probability distribution , which preserves its mean - square norm . we show that unsupervised learning can be casted as an optimization of the space contraction to preserve t ←
→ anomaly detection with the voronoi diagram evolutionary algorithm ; this paper presents the voronoi diagram - based evolutionary algorithm ( voreal ). voreal partitions input space in abnormal / normal subsets using voronoi diagrams . diagrams are evolved using a multi - objective bio - inspired approach in order to conjointly optimize classification metrics while also being able to represent areas of the data space that are not present in the training dataset . as part of the paper voreal is experimentally validated a ←
→ mutual information for the selection of relevant variables in spectrometric nonlinear modelling ; data from spectrophotometers form vectors of a large number of exploitable variables . building quantitative models using these variables most often requires using a smaller set of variables than the initial one . indeed , a too large number of input variables to a model results in a too large number of parameters , leading to overfitting and poor generalization abilities . in this paper , we suggest the use of the ←
→ online learning with pairwise loss functions ; efficient online learning with pairwise loss functions is a crucial component in building large - scale learning system that maximizes the area under the receiver operator characteristic ( roc ) curve . in this paper we investigate the generalization performance of online learning algorithms with pairwise loss functions . we show that the existing proof techniques for generalization bounds of online algorithms with a univariate loss can not be directly applied to pai ←
→ retaining experience and growing solutions ; generally , when genetic programming ( gp ) is used for function synthesis any valuable experience gained by the system is lost from one problem to the next , even when the problems are closely related . with the aim of developing a system which retains beneficial experience from problem to problem , this paper introduces the novel node - by - node growth solver ( nngs ) algorithm which features a component , called the controller , which can be adapted and improved for use ac ←
→ novel methods for multilinear data completion and de - noising based on tensor - svd ; in this paper we propose novel methods for completion ( from limited samples ) and de - noising of multilinear ( tensor ) data and as an application consider 3 - d and 4 - d ( color ) video data completion and de - noising . we exploit the recently proposed tensor - singular value decomposition ( t - svd )[ 11 ]. based on t - svd , the notion of multilinear rank and a related tensor nuclear norm was proposed in [ 11 ] to characterize informational an ←
→ variable neighborhood search algorithms for the multi - depot dial - a - ride problem with heterogeneous vehicles and users ; in this work , a study on variable neighborhood search algorithms for multi - depot dial - a - ride problems is presented . in dial - a - ride problems patients need to be transported from pre - specified pickup locations to pre - specified delivery locations , under different considerations . the addressed problem presents several constraints and features , such as heterogeneous vehicles , distributed in d ←
→ exact map inference by avoiding fractional vertices ; given a graphical model , one essential problem is map inference , that is , finding the most likely configuration of states according to the model . although this problem is np - hard , large instances can be solved in practice . a major open question is to explain why this is true . we give a natural condition under which we can provably perform map inference in polynomial time . we require that the number of fractional vertices in the lp relaxation exceeding th ←
→ on the estimation of coherence ; low - rank matrix approximations are often used to help scale standard machine learning algorithms to large - scale problems . recently , matrix coherence has been used to characterize the ability to extract global information from a subset of matrix entries in the context of these low - rank approximations and other sampling - based algorithms , e . g ., matrix com - pletion , robust pca . since coherence is defined in terms of the singular vectors of a matrix and is expensive to compute , t ←
→ an investigation into machine learning approaches for forecasting spatio - temporal demand in ride - hailing service ; in this paper , we present machine learning approaches for characterizing and forecasting the short - term demand for on - demand ride - hailing services . we propose the spatio - temporal estimation of the demand that is a function of variable effects related to traffic , pricing and weather conditions . with respect to the methodology , a single decision tree , bootstrap - aggregated ( bagged ) decision tree ←
→ geometric models of rolling - shutter cameras ; cameras with rolling shutters are becoming more common as low - power , low - cost cmos sensors are being used more frequently in cameras . the rolling shutter means that not all scanlines are exposed over the same time interval . the effects of a rolling shutter are noticeable when either the camera or objects in the scene are moving and can lead to systematic biases in projection estimation . we develop a general projection equation for a rolling shutter camera and sh ←
→ implicit media frames : automated analysis of public debate on artificial sweeteners ; the framing of issues in the mass media plays a crucial role in the public understanding of science and technology . this article contributes to research concerned with diachronic analysis of media frames by making an analytical distinction between implicit and explicit media frames , and by introducing an automated method for analysing diachronic changes of implicit frames . in particular , we apply a semantic maps method t ←
→ n - body networks : a covariant hierarchical neural network architecture for learning atomic potentials ; we describe n - body networks , a neural network architecture for learning the behavior and properties of complex many body physical systems . our specific application is to learn atomic potential energy surfaces for use in molecular dynamics simulations . our architecture is novel in that ( a ) it is based on a hierarchical decomposition of the many body system into subsytems , ( b ) the activations of the networ ←
→ a theoretical analysis of noisy sparse subspace clustering on dimensionality - reduced data ; subspace clustering is the problem of partitioning unlabeled data points into a number of clusters so that data points within one cluster lie approximately on a low - dimensional linear subspace . in many practical scenarios , the dimensionality of data points to be clustered are compressed due to constraints of measurement , computation or privacy . in this paper , we study the theoretical properties of a popular subspac ←
→ scalable private learning with pate ; the rapid adoption of machine learning has increased concerns about the privacy implications of machine learning models trained on sensitive data , such as medical records or other personal information . to address those concerns , one promising approach is private aggregation of teacher ensembles , or pate , which transfers to a " student " model the knowledge of an ensemble of " teacher " models , with intuitive privacy provided by training teachers on disjoint data and strong ←
→ this just in : fake news packs a lot in title , uses simpler , repetitive content in text body , more similar to satire than real news ; the problem of fake news has gained a lot of attention as it is claimed to have had a significant impact on 2016 us presidential elections . fake news is not a new problem and its spread in social networks is well - studied . often an underlying assumption in fake news discussion is that it is written to look like real news , fooling the reader who does not check for reliability ←
→ s - mart : novel tree - based structured learning algorithms applied to tweet entity linking ; non - linear models recently receive a lot of attention as people are starting to discover the power of statistical and embedding features . however , tree - based models are seldom studied in the context of structured learning despite their recent success on various classification and ranking tasks . in this paper , we propose s - mart , a tree - based structured learning framework based on multiple additive regression trees . s -←
→ hypergraph and protein function prediction with gene expression data ; most network - based protein ( or gene ) function prediction methods are based on the assumption that the labels of two adjacent proteins in the network are likely to be the same . however , assuming the pairwise relationship between proteins or genes is not complete , the information a group of genes that show very similar patterns of expression and tend to have similar functions ( i . e . the functional modules ) is missed . the natural way overcom ←
→ attention - based natural language person retrieval ; following the recent progress in image classification and captioning using deep learning , we develop a novel natural language person retrieval system based on an attention mechanism . more specifically , given the description of a person , the goal is to localize the person in an image . to this end , we first construct a benchmark dataset for natural language person retrieval . to do so , we generate bounding boxes for persons in a public image dataset from the ←
→ improvement studies on neutron - gamma separation in hpge detectors by using neural networks ; the neutrons emitted in heavy - ion fusion - evaporation ( hife ) reactions together with the gamma - rays cause unwanted backgrounds in gamma - ray spectra . especially in the nuclear reactions , where relativistic ion beams ( ribs ) are used , these neutrons are serious problem . they have to be rejected in order to obtain clearer gamma - ray peaks . in this study , the radiation energy and three criteria which were previously dete ←
→ causal model analysis using collider v - structure with negative percentage mapping ; a major problem of causal inference is the arrangement of dependent nodes in a directed acyclic graph ( dag ) with path coefficients and observed confounders . path coefficients do not provide the units to measure the strength of information flowing from one node to the other . here we proposed the method of causal structure learning using collider v - structures ( cvs ) with negative percentage mapping ( npm ) to get selective thre ←
→ intelligent systems for information security ; this thesis aims to use intelligent systems to extend and improve performance and security of cryptographic techniques . genetic algorithms framework for cryptanalysis problem is addressed . a novel extension to the differential cryptanalysis using genetic algorithm is proposed and a fitness measure based on the differential characteristics of the cipher being attacked is also proposed . the complexity of the proposed attack is shown to be less than quarter of nor ←
→ hyper - spectral image analysis with partially - latent regression and spatial markov dependencies ; hyper - spectral data can be analyzed to recover physical properties at large planetary scales . this involves resolving inverse problems which can be addressed within machine learning , with the advantage that , once a relationship between physical parameters and spectra has been established in a data - driven fashion , the learned relationship can be used to estimate physical parameters for new hyper - spectral observ ←
→ convolution with logarithmic filter groups for efficient shallow cnn ; in convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), the filter grouping in convolution layers is known to be useful to reduce the network parameter size . in this paper , we propose a new logarithmic filter grouping which can capture the nonlinearity of filter distribution in cnns . the proposed logarithmic filter grouping is installed in shallow cnns applicable in a mobile application . experiments were performed with the shallow cnns for classificati ←
→ dasa : domain adaptation in stacked autoencoders using systematic dropout ; domain adaptation deals with adapting behaviour of machine learning based systems trained using samples in source domain to their deployment in target domain where the statistics of samples in both domains are dissimilar . the task of directly training or adapting a learner in the target domain is challenged by lack of abundant labeled samples . in this paper we propose a technique for domain adaptation in stacked autoencoder ( sae ) bas ←
→ semantic tagging with deep residual networks ; we propose a novel semantic tagging task , sem - tagging , tailored for the purpose of multilingual semantic parsing , and present the first tagger using deep residual networks ( resnets ). our tagger uses both word and character representations and includes a novel residual bypass architecture . we evaluate the tagset both intrinsically on the new task of semantic tagging , as well as on part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging . our system , consisting of a resnet and an auxiliary ←
→ hierarchical metric learning and matching for 2d and 3d geometric correspondences ; interest point descriptors have fueled progress on almost every problem in computer vision . recent advances in deep neural networks have enabled task - specific learned descriptors that outperform hand - crafted descriptors on many problems . we demonstrate that commonly used metric learning approaches do not optimally leverage the feature hierarchies learned in a convolutional neural network ( cnn ), especially when applied to t ←
→ recurrent additive networks ; we introduce recurrent additive networks ( rans ), a new gated rnn which is distinguished by the use of purely additive latent state updates . at every time step , the new state is computed as a gated component - wise sum of the input and the previous state , without any of the non - linearities commonly used in rnn transition dynamics . we formally show that ran states are weighted sums of the input vectors , and that the gates only contribute to computing the weights of these sums . desp ←
→ bias and population structure in the actuation of sound change ; why do human languages change at some times , and not others ? we address this longstanding question from a computational perspective , focusing on the case of sound change . sound change arises from the pronunciation variability ubiquitous in every speech community , but most such variability does not lead to change . hence , an adequate model must allow for stability as well as change . existing theories of sound change tend to emphasize factors at ←
→ dag - recurrent neural networks for scene labeling ; in image labeling , local representations for image units are usually generated from their surrounding image patches , thus long - range contextual information is not effectively encoded . in this paper , we introduce recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) to address this issue . specifically , directed acyclic graph rnns ( dag - rnns ) are proposed to process dag - structured images , which enables the network to model long - range semantic dependencies among image units . our da ←
→ an axiomatic framework for belief updates ; in the 1940 ' s , a physicist named cox provided the first formal justification for the axioms of probability based on the subjective or bayesian interpretation . he showed that if a measure of belief satisfies several fundamental properties , then the measure must be some monotonic transformation of a probability . in this paper , measures of change in belief or belief updates are examined . in the spirit of cox , properties for a measure of change in belief are enumerate ←
→ variational reformulation of bayesian inverse problems ; the classical approach to inverse problems is based on the optimization of a misfit function . despite its computational appeal , such an approach suffers from many shortcomings , e . g ., non - uniqueness of solutions , modeling prior knowledge , etc . the bayesian formalism to inverse problems avoids most of the difficulties encountered by the optimization approach , albeit at an increased computational cost . in this work , we use information theoretic arguments ←
→ spectral community detection in heterogeneous large networks ; in this article , we study spectral methods for community detection based on $ \ alpha $- parametrized normalized modularity matrix hereafter called $ {\ bf l } _ \ alpha $ in heterogeneous graph models . we show , in a regime where community detection is not asymptotically trivial , that $ {\ bf l } _ \ alpha $ can be well approximated by a more tractable random matrix which falls in the family of spiked random matrices . the analysis of this equivalent spiked r ←
→ modeling the intensity function of point process via recurrent neural networks ; event sequence , asynchronously generated with random timestamp , is ubiquitous among applications . the precise and arbitrary timestamp can carry important clues about the underlying dynamics , and has lent the event data fundamentally different from the time - series whereby series is indexed with fixed and equal time interval . one expressive mathematical tool for modeling event is point process . the intensity functions of many p ←
→ differentially private distributed online learning ; online learning has been in the spotlight from the machine learning society for a long time . to handle massive data in big data era , one single learner could never efficiently finish this heavy task . hence , in this paper , we propose a novel distributed online learning algorithm to solve the problem . comparing to typical centralized online learner , the distributed learners optimize their own learning parameters based on local data sources and timely commun ←
→ bayesian alignments of warped multi - output gaussian processes ; we present a bayesian extension to convolution processes which defines a representation between multiple functions by an embedding in a shared latent space . the proposed model allows for both arbitrary alignments of the inputs and and also non - parametric output warpings to transform the observations . this gives rise to multiple deep gaussian process models connected via latent generating processes . we derive an efficient variational approximati ←
→ 3d scene grammar for parsing rgb - d pointclouds ; we pose 3d scene - understanding as a problem of parsing in a grammar . a grammar helps us capture the compositional structure of real - word objects , e . g ., a chair is composed of a seat , a back - rest and some legs . having multiple rules for an object helps us capture structural variations in objects , e . g ., a chair can optionally also have arm - rests . finally , having rules to capture composition at different levels helps us formulate the entire scene - processing pipe ←
→ decision forests , convolutional networks and the models in - between ; this paper investigates the connections between two state of the art classifiers : decision forests ( dfs , including decision jungles ) and convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). decision forests are computationally efficient thanks to their conditional computation property ( computation is confined to only a small region of the tree , the nodes along a single branch ). cnns achieve state of the art accuracy , thanks to their representation learni ←
→ revisiting role discovery in networks : from node to edge roles ; previous work in network analysis has focused on modeling the mixed - memberships of node roles in the graph , but not the roles of edges . we introduce the edge role discovery problem and present a generalizable framework for learning and extracting edge roles from arbitrary graphs automatically . furthermore , while existing node - centric role models have mainly focused on simple degree and egonet features , this work also explores graphlet features ←
→ optimization of supply diversity for the self - assembly of simple objects in two and three dimensions ; the field of algorithmic self - assembly is concerned with the design and analysis of self - assembly systems from a computational perspective , that is , from the perspective of mathematical problems whose study may give insight into the natural processes through which elementary objects self - assemble into more complex ones . one of the main problems of algorithmic self - assembly is the minimum tile set problem ←
→ modularity - based clustering for network - constrained trajectories ; we present a novel clustering approach for moving object trajectories that are constrained by an underlying road network . the approach builds a similarity graph based on these trajectories then uses modularity - optimization hiearchical graph clustering to regroup trajectories with similar profiles . our experimental study shows the superiority of the proposed approach over classic hierarchical clustering and gives a brief insight to visualizat ←
→ deep fully - connected networks for video compressive sensing ; in this work we present a deep learning framework for video compressive sensing . the proposed formulation enables recovery of video frames in a few seconds at significantly improved reconstruction quality compared to previous approaches . our investigation starts by learning a linear mapping between video sequences and corresponding measured frames which turns out to provide promising results . we then extend the linear formulation to deep fully - co ←
→ robotic grasp detection using deep convolutional neural networks ; deep learning has significantly advanced computer vision and natural language processing . while there have been some successes in robotics using deep learning , it has not been widely adopted . in this paper , we present a novel robotic grasp detection system that predicts the best grasping pose of a parallel - plate robotic gripper for novel objects using the rgb - d image of the scene . the proposed model uses a deep convolutional neural network t ←
→ classifying variable - length audio files with all - convolutional networks and masked global pooling ; we trained a deep all - convolutional neural network with masked global pooling to perform single - label classification for acoustic scene classification and multi - label classification for domestic audio tagging in the dcase - 2016 contest . our network achieved an average accuracy of 84 . 5 % on the four - fold cross - validation for acoustic scene recognition , compared to the provided baseline of 72 . 5 %, and an average ←
→ learning with submodular functions : a convex optimization perspective ; submodular functions are relevant to machine learning for at least two reasons : ( 1 ) some problems may be expressed directly as the optimization of submodular functions and ( 2 ) the lovasz extension of submodular functions provides a useful set of regularization functions for supervised and unsupervised learning . in this monograph , we present the theory of submodular functions from a convex analysis perspective , presenting tight links bet ←
→ generic axiomatization of families of noncrossing graphs in dependency parsing ; we present a simple encoding for unlabeled noncrossing graphs and show how its latent counterpart helps us to represent several families of directed and undirected graphs used in syntactic and semantic parsing of natural language as context - free languages . the families are separated purely on the basis of forbidden patterns in latent encoding , eliminating the need to differentiate the families of non - crossing graphs in infere ←
→ characterizing self - developing biological neural networks : a first step towards their application to computing systems ; carbon nanotubes are often seen as the only alternative technology to silicon transistors . while they are the most likely short - term one , other longer - term alternatives should be studied as well . while contemplating biological neurons as an alternative component may seem preposterous at first sight , significant recent progress in cmos - neuron interface suggests this direction may not be ←
→ manifold matching using shortest - path distance and joint neighborhood selection ; matching datasets of multiple modalities has become an important task in data analysis . existing methods often rely on the embedding and transformation of each single modality without utilizing any correspondence information , which often results in sub - optimal matching performance . in this paper , we propose a nonlinear manifold matching algorithm using shortest - path distance and joint neighborhood selection . specifically , a ←
→ learning reductions that really work ; we provide a summary of the mathematical and computational techniques that have enabled learning reductions to effectively address a wide class of problems , and show that this approach to solving machine learning problems can be broadly useful .←
→ a deterministic and generalized framework for unsupervised learning with restricted boltzmann machines ; restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ) are energy - based neural - networks which are commonly used as the building blocks for deep architectures neural architectures . in this work , we derive a deterministic framework for the training , evaluation , and use of rbms based upon the thouless - anderson - palmer ( tap ) mean - field approximation of widely - connected systems with weak interactions coming from spin - glass th ←
→ opus : an efficient admissible algorithm for unordered search ; opus is a branch and bound search algorithm that enables efficient admissible search through spaces for which the order of search operator application is not significant . the algorithm ' s search efficiency is demonstrated with respect to very large machine learning search spaces . the use of admissible search is of potential value to the machine learning community as it means that the exact learning biases to be employed for complex learning tasks ←
→ qanus : an open - source question - answering platform ; in this paper , we motivate the need for a publicly available , generic software framework for question - answering ( qa ) systems . we present an open - source qa framework qanus which researchers can leverage on to build new qa systems easily and rapidly . the framework implements much of the code that will otherwise have been repeated across different qa systems . to demonstrate the utility and practicality of the framework , we further present a fully functioning ←
→ somoclu : an efficient parallel library for self - organizing maps ; somoclu is a massively parallel tool for training self - organizing maps on large data sets written in c ++. it builds on openmp for multicore execution , and on mpi for distributing the workload across the nodes in a cluster . it is also able to boost training by using cuda if graphics processing units are available . a sparse kernel is included , which is useful for high - dimensional but sparse data , such as the vector spaces common in text mining ←
→ memcomputing : leveraging memory and physics to compute efficiently ; it is well known that physical phenomena may be of great help in computing some difficult problems efficiently . a typical example is prime factorization that may be solved in polynomial time by exploiting quantum entanglement on a quantum computer . there are , however , other types of ( non - quantum ) physical properties that one may leverage to compute efficiently a wide range of hard problems . in this perspective we discuss how to employ one ←
→ planning graph as a ( dynamic ) csp : exploiting ebl , ddb and other csp search techniques in graphplan ; this paper reviews the connections between graphplan ' s planning - graph and the dynamic constraint satisfaction problem and motivates the need for adapting csp search techniques to the graphplan algorithm . it then describes how explanation based learning , dependency directed backtracking , dynamic variable ordering , forward checking , sticky values and random - restart search strategies can be adapted to graphp ←
→ a model of reward - modulated motor learning with parallelcortical and basal ganglia pathways ; many recent studies of the motor system are divided into two distinct approaches : those that investigate how motor responses are encoded in cortical neurons ' firing rate dynamics and those that study the learning rules by which mammals and songbirds develop reliable motor responses . computationally , the first approach is encapsulated by reservoir computing models , which can learn intricate motor tasks and produce ←
→ on the difficulty of selecting ising models with approximate recovery ; in this paper , we consider the problem of estimating the underlying graph associated with an ising model given a number of independent and identically distributed samples . we adopt an \ emph { approximate recovery } criterion that allows for a number of missed edges or incorrectly - included edges , in contrast with the widely - studied exact recovery problem . our main results provide information - theoretic lower bounds on the sample complexity f ←
→ information transfer in swarms with leaders ; swarm dynamics is the study of collections of agents that interact with one another without central control . in natural systems , insects , birds , fish and other large mammals function in larger units to increase the overall fitness of the individuals . their behavior is coordinated through local interactions to enhance mate selection , predator detection , migratory route identification and so forth [ andersson and wallander 2003 ; buhl et al . 2006 ; nagy et al . 2010 ; ←
→ when majority voting fails : comparing quality assurance methods for noisy human computation environment ; quality assurance remains a key topic in human computation research . prior work indicates that majority voting is effective for low difficulty tasks , but has limitations for harder tasks . this paper explores two methods of addressing this problem : tournament selection and elimination selection , which exploit 2 -, 3 - and 4 - way comparisons between different answers to human computation tasks . our experim ←
→ exploiting a comparability mapping to improve bi - lingual data categorization : a three - mode data analysis perspective ; we address in this paper the co - clustering and co - classification of bilingual data laying in two linguistic similarity spaces when a comparability measure defining a mapping between these two spaces is available . a new approach that we can characterized as a three - mode analysis scheme , is proposed to mix the comparability measure with the two similarity measures . our aim is to improve joi ←
→ learning compact geometric features ; we present an approach to learning features that represent the local geometry around a point in an unstructured point cloud . such features play a central role in geometric registration , which supports diverse applications in robotics and 3d vision . current state - of - the - art local features for unstructured point clouds have been manually crafted and none combines the desirable properties of precision , compactness , and robustness . we show that features with these propertie ←
→ estimating the number of connected components in a graph via subgraph sampling ; learning properties of large graphs from samples has been an important problem in statistical network analysis since the early work of goodman \ cite { goodman1949 } and frank \ cite { frank1978 }. we revisit a problem formulated by frank \ cite { frank1978 } of estimating the number of connected components in a large graph based on the subgraph sampling model , in which we randomly sample a subset of the vertices and observe the induced ←
→ convolutional experts constrained local model for facial landmark detection ; constrained local models ( clms ) are a well - established family of methods for facial landmark detection . however , they have recently fallen out of favor to cascaded regression - based approaches . this is in part due to the inability of existing clm local detectors to model the very complex individual landmark appearance that is affected by expression , illumination , facial hair , makeup , and accessories . in our work , we present a nov ←
→ hyperlex : a large - scale evaluation of graded lexical entailment ; we introduce hyperlex - a dataset and evaluation resource that quantifies the extent of of the semantic category membership , that is , type - of relation also known as hyponymy - hypernymy or lexical entailment ( le ) relation between 2 , 616 concept pairs . cognitive psychology research has established that typicality and category / class membership are computed in human semantic memory as a gradual rather than binary relation . nevertheless , most nlp re ←
→ combinatorial ricci curvature and laplacians for image processing ; a new combinatorial ricci curvature and laplacian operators for grayscale images are introduced and tested on 2d synthetic , natural and medical images . analogue formulae for voxels are also obtained . these notions are based upon more general concepts developed by r . forman . further applications , in particular a fitting ricci flow , are discussed .←
→ from manifold to manifold : geometry - aware dimensionality reduction for spd matrices ; representing images and videos with symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrices and considering the riemannian geometry of the resulting space has proven beneficial for many recognition tasks . unfortunately , computation on the riemannian manifold of spd matrices -- especially of high - dimensional ones -- comes at a high cost that limits the applicability of existing techniques . in this paper we introduce an approach that let ←
→ mining software quality from software reviews : research trends and open issues ; software review text fragments have considerably valuable information about users experience . it includes a huge set of properties including the software quality . opinion mining or sentiment analysis is concerned with analyzing textual user judgments . the application of sentiment analysis on software reviews can find a quantitative value that represents software quality . although many software quality methods are proposed the ←
→ default reasoning and the transferable belief model ; inappropriate use of dempster ' s rule of combination has led some authors to reject the dempster - shafer model , arguing that it leads to supposedly unacceptable conclusions when defaults are involved . a most classic example is about the penguin tweety . this paper will successively present : the origin of the miss - management of the tweety example ; two types of default ; the correct solution for both types based on the transferable belief model ( our interpreta ←
→ modifying bayesian networks by probability constraints ; this paper deals with the following problem : modify a bayesian network to satisfy a given set of probability constraints by only change its conditional probability tables , and the probability distribution of the resulting network should be as close as possible to that of the original network . we propose to solve this problem by extending ipfp ( iterative proportional fitting procedure ) to probability distributions represented by bayesian networks . the ←
→ detection of cheating by decimation algorithm ; we expand the item response theory to study the case of " cheating students " for a set of exams , trying to detect them by applying a greedy algorithm of inference . this extended model is closely related to the boltzmann machine learning . in this paper we aim to infer the correct biases and interactions of our model by considering a relatively small number of sets of training data . nevertheless , the greedy algorithm that we employed in the present study exhibits ←
→ pooled motion features for first - person videos ; in this paper , we present a new feature representation for first - person videos . in first - person video understanding ( e . g ., activity recognition ), it is very important to capture both entire scene dynamics ( i . e ., egomotion ) and salient local motion observed in videos . we describe a representation framework based on time series pooling , which is designed to abstract short - term / long - term changes in feature descriptor elements . the idea is to keep track of how de ←
→ learning sparsely used overcomplete dictionaries via alternating minimization ; we consider the problem of sparse coding , where each sample consists of a sparse linear combination of a set of dictionary atoms , and the task is to learn both the dictionary elements and the mixing coefficients . alternating minimization is a popular heuristic for sparse coding , where the dictionary and the coefficients are estimated in alternate steps , keeping the other fixed . typically , the coefficients are estimated via $\ e ←
→ incremental boosting convolutional neural network for facial action unit recognition ; recognizing facial action units ( aus ) from spontaneous facial expressions is still a challenging problem . most recently , cnns have shown promise on facial au recognition . however , the learned cnns are often overfitted and do not generalize well to unseen subjects due to limited au - coded training images . we proposed a novel incremental boosting cnn ( ib - cnn ) to integrate boosting into the cnn via an incremental boosting l ←
→ incorporating syntactic uncertainty in neural machine translation with forest - to - sequence model ; incorporating syntactic information in neural machine translation models is a method to compensate their requirement for a large amount of parallel training text , especially for low - resource language pairs . previous works on using syntactic information provided by ( inevitably error - prone ) parsers has been promising . in this paper , we propose a forest - to - sequence attentional neural machine translation model to ←
→ spatial - aware object embeddings for zero - shot localization and classification of actions ; we aim for zero - shot localization and classification of human actions in video . where traditional approaches rely on global attribute or object classification scores for their zero - shot knowledge transfer , our main contribution is a spatial - aware object embedding . to arrive at spatial awareness , we build our embedding on top of freely available actor and object detectors . relevance of objects is determined in a word ←
→ integer - programming ensemble of temporal - relations classifiers ; the extraction of temporal events from text and understanding temporal relations between the events are major challenges in natural language processing . we present an ensemble method , which reconciles the output of multiple classifiers of temporal expressions , subject to consistency constraints across the output . computational experiments with an integer - programming model improve upon the best published results from two recent challenges , seme ←
→ mixed link networks ; basing on the analysis by revealing the equivalence of modern networks , we find that both resnet and densenet are essentially derived from the same " dense topology ", yet they only differ in the form of connection -- addition ( dubbed " inner link ") vs . concatenation ( dubbed " outer link "). however , both two forms of connections have the superiority and insufficiency . to combine their advantages and avoid certain limitations on representation learning , we present a highly efficient and mod ←
→ label - free supervision of neural networks with physics and domain knowledge ; in many machine learning applications , labeled data is scarce and obtaining more labels is expensive . we introduce a new approach to supervising neural networks by specifying constraints that should hold over the output space , rather than direct examples of input - output pairs . these constraints are derived from prior domain knowledge , e . g ., from known laws of physics . we demonstrate the effectiveness of this approach on real wor ←
→ unsupervised generative adversarial cross - modal hashing ; cross - modal hashing aims to map heterogeneous multimedia data into a common hamming space , which can realize fast and flexible retrieval across different modalities . unsupervised cross - modal hashing is more flexible and applicable than supervised methods , since no intensive labeling work is involved . however , existing unsupervised methods learn hashing functions by preserving inter and intra correlations , while ignoring the underlying manifold struct ←
→ neural network translation models for grammatical error correction ; phrase - based statistical machine translation ( smt ) systems have previously been used for the task of grammatical error correction ( gec ) to achieve state - of - the - art accuracy . the superiority of smt systems comes from their ability to learn text transformations from erroneous to corrected text , without explicitly modeling error types . however , phrase - based smt systems suffer from limitations of discrete word representation , linear mapping , a ←
→ unsupervised adversarial learning of 3d human pose from 2d joint locations ; the task of three - dimensional ( 3d ) human pose estimation from a single image can be divided into two parts : ( 1 ) two - dimensional ( 2d ) human joint detection from the image and ( 2 ) estimating a 3d pose from the 2d joints . herein , we focus on the second part , i . e ., a 3d pose estimation from 2d joint locations . the problem with existing methods is that they require either ( 1 ) a 3d pose dataset or ( 2 ) 2d joint locations in consecutive ←
→ iqa : visual question answering in interactive environments ; we introduce interactive question answering ( iqa ), the task of answering questions that require an autonomous agent to interact with a dynamic visual environment . iqa presents the agent with a scene and a question , like : " are there any apples in the fridge ?" the agent must navigate around the scene , acquire visual understanding of scene elements , interact with objects ( e . g . open refrigerators ) and plan for a series of actions conditioned on the qu ←
→ geometric loss functions for camera pose regression with deep learning ; deep learning has shown to be effective for robust and real - time monocular image relocalisation . in particular , posenet is a deep convolutional neural network which learns to regress the 6 - dof camera pose from a single image . it learns to localize using high level features and is robust to difficult lighting , motion blur and unknown camera intrinsics , where point based sift registration fails . however , it was trained using a naive loss ←
→ neural attention models for sequence classification : analysis and application to key term extraction and dialogue act detection ; recurrent neural network architectures combining with attention mechanism , or neural attention model , have shown promising performance recently for the tasks including speech recognition , image caption generation , visual question answering and machine translation . in this paper , neural attention model is applied on two sequence classification tasks , dialogue act detection and k ←
→ non - photorealistic image processing : an impressionist rendering ; the paper describes an image processing for a non - photorealistic rendering . the algorithm is based on a random choice of a set of pixels from those ot the original image and substitution of them with colour spots . an iterative procedure is applied to cover , at a desired level , the canvas . the resulting effect mimics the impressionist painting and pointillism .←
→ active learning with distributional estimates ; active learning ( al ) is increasingly important in a broad range of applications . two main al principles to obtain accurate classification with few labeled data are refinement of the current decision boundary and exploration of poorly sampled regions . in this paper we derive a novel al scheme that balances these two principles in a natural way . in contrast to many al strategies , which are based on an estimated class conditional probability ^ p ( y | x ), a key compon ←
→ joint estimation of multiple dependent gaussian graphical models with applications to mouse genomics ; gaussian graphical models are widely used to represent conditional dependence among random variables . in this paper , we propose a novel estimator for data arising from a group of gaussian graphical models that are themselves dependent . a motivating example is that of modeling gene expression collected on multiple tissues from the same individual : here the multivariate outcome is affected by dependencies ←
→ neural variational inference for text processing ; recent advances in neural variational inference have spawned a renaissance in deep latent variable models . in this paper we introduce a generic variational inference framework for generative and conditional models of text . while traditional variational methods derive an analytic approximation for the intractable distributions over latent variables , here we construct an inference network conditioned on the discrete text input to provide the variational distr ←
→ truncated max - of - convex models ; truncated convex models ( tcm ) are a special case of pairwise random fields that have been widely used in computer vision . however , by restricting the order of the potentials to be at most two , they fail to capture useful image statistics . we propose a natural generalization of tcm to high - order random fields , which we call truncated max - of - convex models ( tmcm ). the energy function of tmcm consistsof two types of potentials : ( i ) unary potential , which has no restriction on it ←
→ deep subspace clustering networks ; we present a novel deep neural network architecture for unsupervised subspace clustering . this architecture is built upon deep auto - encoders , which non - linearly map the input data into a latent space . our key idea is to introduce a novel self - expressive layer between the encoder and the decoder to mimic the " self - expressiveness " property that has proven effective in traditional subspace clustering . being differentiable , our new self - expressive layer provides a simple but ←
→ recognize foreign low - frequency words with similar pairs ; low - frequency words place a major challenge for automatic speech recognition ( asr ). the probabilities of these words , which are often important name entities , are generally under - estimated by the language model ( lm ) due to their limited occurrences in the training data . recently , we proposed a word - pair approach to deal with the problem , which borrows information of frequent words to enhance the probabilities of low - frequency words . this paper prese ←
→ cross - pose face recognition by canonical correlation analysis ; the pose problem is one of the bottlenecks in automatic face recognition . we argue that one of the diffculties in this problem is the severe misalignment in face images or feature vectors with different poses . in this paper , we propose that this problem can be statistically solved or at least mitigated by maximizing the intra - subject across - pose correlations via canonical correlation analysis ( cca ). in our method , based on the data set with cou ←
→ inter - rater agreement on sentence formality ; formality is one of the most important dimensions of writing style variation . in this study we conducted an inter - rater reliability experiment for assessing sentence formality on a five - point likert scale , and obtained good agreement results as well as different rating distributions for different sentence categories . we also performed a difficulty analysis to identify the bottlenecks of our rating procedure . our main objective is to design an automatic scoring m ←
→ framework for multi - task multiple kernel learning and applications in genome analysis ; we present a general regularization - based framework for multi - task learning ( mtl ), in which the similarity between tasks can be learned or refined using $\ ell_p $- norm multiple kernel learning ( mkl ). based on this very general formulation ( including a general loss function ), we derive the corresponding dual formulation using fenchel duality applied to hermitian matrices . we show that numerous established mtl methods can ←
→ the placement of the head that maximizes predictability . an information theoretic approach ; the minimization of the length of syntactic dependencies is a well - established principle of word order and the basis of a mathematical theory of word order . here we complete that theory from the perspective of information theory , adding a competing word order principle : the maximization of predictability of a target element . these two principles are in conflict : to maximize the predictability of the head , the head ←
→ metric learning in codebook generation of bag - of - words for person re - identification ; person re - identification is generally divided into two part : first how to represent a pedestrian by discriminative visual descriptors and second how to compare them by suitable distance metrics . conventional methods isolate these two parts , the first part usually unsupervised and the second part supervised . the bag - of - words ( bow ) model is a widely used image representing descriptor in part one . its codebook is simply gen ←
→ applications of sampling kantorovich operators to thermographic images for seismic engineering ; in this paper , we present some applications of the multivariate sampling kantorovich operators $ s_w $ to seismic engineering . the mathematical theory of these operators , both in the space of continuous functions and in orlicz spaces , show how it is possible to approximate / reconstruct multivariate signals , such as images . in particular , to obtain applications for thermographic images a mathematical algorithm is ←
→ nytro : when subsampling meets early stopping ; early stopping is a well known approach to reduce the time complexity for performing training and model selection of large scale learning machines . on the other hand , memory / space ( rather than time ) complexity is the main constraint in many applications , and randomized subsampling techniques have been proposed to tackle this issue . in this paper we ask whether early stopping and subsampling ideas can be combined in a fruitful way . we consider the question in a ←
→ mining recurrent concepts in data streams using the discrete fourier transform ; in this research we address the problem of capturing recurring concepts in a data stream environment . recurrence capture enables the re - use of previously learned classifiers without the need for re - learning while providing for better accuracy during the concept recurrence interval . we capture concepts by applying the discrete fourier transform ( dft ) to decision tree classifiers to obtain highly compressed versions of the tree ←
→ deep driven fmri decoding of visual categories ; deep neural networks have been developed drawing inspiration from the brain visual pathway , implementing an end - to - end approach : from image data to video object classes . however building an fmri decoder with the typical structure of convolutional neural network ( cnn ), i . e . learning multiple level of representations , seems impractical due to lack of brain data . as a possible solution , this work presents the first hybrid fmri and deep features decoding approach ←
→ modeling belief in dynamic systems , part i : foundations ; belief change is a fundamental problem in ai : agents constantly have to update their beliefs to accommodate new observations . in recent years , there has been much work on axiomatic characterizations of belief change . we claim that a better understanding of belief change can be gained from examining appropriate semantic models . in this paper we propose a general framework in which to model belief change . we begin by defining belief in terms of knowled ←
→ on the erm principle with networked data ; networked data , in which every training example involves two objects and may share some common objects with others , is used in many machine learning tasks such as learning to rank and link prediction . a challenge of learning from networked examples is that target values are not known for some pairs of objects . in this case , neither the classical i . i . d .\ assumption nor techniques based on complete u - statistics can be used . most existing theoretical results of this p ←
→ federated tensor factorization for computational phenotyping ; tensor factorization models offer an effective approach to convert massive electronic health records into meaningful clinical concepts ( phenotypes ) for data analysis . these models need a large amount of diverse samples to avoid population bias . an open challenge is how to derive phenotypes jointly across multiple hospitals , in which direct patient - level data sharing is not possible ( e . g ., due to institutional policies ). in this paper , we develop ←
→ extended formulations for online linear bandit optimization ; on - line linear optimization on combinatorial action sets ( d - dimensional actions ) with bandit feedback , is known to have complexity in the order of the dimension of the problem . the exponential weighted strategy achieves the best known regret bound that is of the order of $ d ^{ 2 }\ sqrt { n }$ ( where $ d $ is the dimension of the problem , $ n $ is the time horizon ). however , such strategies are provably suboptimal or computationally inefficient . the complex ←
→ a complete system for candidate polyps detection in virtual colonoscopy ; computer tomographic colonography , combined with computer - aided detection , is a promising emerging technique for colonic polyp analysis . we present a complete pipeline for polyp detection , starting with a simple colon segmentation technique that enhances polyps , followed by an adaptive - scale candidate polyp delineation and classification based on new texture and geometric features that consider both the information in the candidate po ←
→ extending uml for conceptual modeling of annotation of medical images ; imaging has occupied a huge role in the management of patients , whether hospitalized or not . depending on the patients clinical problem , a variety of imaging modalities were available for use . this gave birth of the annotation of medical image process . the annotation is intended to image analysis and solve the problem of semantic gap . the reason for image annotation is due to increase in acquisition of images . physicians and radiologist ←
→ rio : minimizing user interaction in ontology debugging ; efficient ontology debugging is a cornerstone for many activities in the context of the semantic web , especially when automatic tools produce ( parts of ) ontologies such as in the field of ontology matching . the best currently known interactive debugging systems rely upon some meta information in terms of fault probabilities , which can speed up the debugging procedure in the good case , but can also have negative impact on the performance in the bad cas ←
→ approximate evaluation of marginal association probabilities with belief propagation ; data association , the problem of reasoning over correspondence between targets and measurements , is a fundamental problem in tracking . this paper presents a graphical model formulation of data association and applies an approximate inference method , belief propagation ( bp ), to obtain estimates of marginal association probabilities . we prove that bp is guaranteed to converge , and bound the number of iterations necessary .←
→ adaptive training of random mapping for data quantization ; data quantization learns encoding results of data with certain requirements , and provides a broad perspective of many real - world applications to data handling . nevertheless , the results of encoder is usually limited to multivariate inputs with the random mapping , and side information of binary codes are hardly to mostly depict the original data patterns as possible . in the literature , cosine based random quantization has attracted much attentions d ←
→ a deep graph embedding network model for face recognition ; in this paper , we propose a new deep learning network " genet ", it combines the multi - layer network architec - ture and graph embedding framework . firstly , we use simplest unsupervised learning pca / lda as first layer to generate the low - level feature . secondly , many cascaded dimensionality reduction layers based on graph embedding framework are applied to genet . finally , a linear svm classifier is used to classify dimension - reduced features . the exp ←
→ adaptive monte carlo via bandit allocation ; we consider the problem of sequentially choosing between a set of unbiased monte carlo estimators to minimize the mean - squared - error ( mse ) of a final combined estimate . by reducing this task to a stochastic multi - armed bandit problem , we show that well developed allocation strategies can be used to achieve an mse that approaches that of the best estimator chosen in retrospect . we then extend these developments to a scenario where alternative estimators have diffe ←
→ dynamic neural program embedding for program repair ; neural program embeddings have shown much promise recently for a variety of program analysis tasks , including program synthesis , program repair , fault localization , etc . however , most existing program embeddings are based on syntactic features of programs , such as raw token sequences or abstract syntax trees . unlike images and text , a program has an unambiguous semantic meaning that can be difficult to capture by only considering its syntax ( i . e . syntact ←
→ leveraging unlabeled data for crowd counting by learning to rank ; we propose a novel crowd counting approach that leverages abundantly available unlabeled crowd imagery in a learning - to - rank framework . to induce a ranking of cropped images , we use the observation that any sub - image of a crowded scene image is guaranteed to contain the same number or fewer persons than the super - image . this allows us to address the problem of limited size of existing datasets for crowd counting . we collect two crowd scene ←
→ molecular de novo design through deep reinforcement learning ; this work introduces a method to tune a sequence - based generative model for molecular de novo design that through augmented episodic likelihood can learn to generate structures with certain specified desirable properties . we demonstrate how this model can execute a range of tasks such as generating analogues to a query structure and generating compounds predicted to be active against a biological target . as a proof of principle , the model is fir ←
→ show , adapt and tell : adversarial training of cross - domain image captioner ; impressive image captioning results are achieved in domains with plenty of training image and sentence pairs ( e . g ., mscoco ). however , transferring to a target domain with significant domain shifts but no paired training data ( referred to as cross - domain image captioning ) remains largely unexplored . we propose a novel adversarial training procedure to leverage unpaired data in the target domain . two critic networks are introduced ←
→ multi - fidelity bayesian optimisation with continuous approximations ; bandit methods for black - box optimisation , such as bayesian optimisation , are used in a variety of applications including hyper - parameter tuning and experiment design . recently , \ emph { multi - fidelity } methods have garnered considerable attention since function evaluations have become increasingly expensive in such applications . multi - fidelity methods use cheap approximations to the function of interest to speed up the overall optimisation ←
→ emergent parsing and generation with generalized chart ; a new , flexible inference method for horn logic program is proposed , which is a drastic generalization of chart parsing , partial instantiations of clauses in a program roughly corresponding to arcs in a chart . chart - like parsing and semantic - head - driven generation emerge from this method . with a parsimonious instantiation scheme for ambiguity packing , the parsing complexity reduces to that of standard chart - based algorithms .←
→ approximated computation of belief functions for robust design optimization ; this paper presents some ideas to reduce the computational cost of evidence - based robust design optimization . evidence theory crystallizes both the aleatory and epistemic uncertainties in the design parameters , providing two quantitative measures , belief and plausibility , of the credibility of the computed value of the design budgets . the paper proposes some techniques to compute an approximation of belief and plausibility at a ←
→ bayesian optimal control of smoothly parameterized systems : the lazy posterior sampling algorithm ; we study bayesian optimal control of a general class of smoothly parameterized markov decision problems . since computing the optimal control is computationally expensive , we design an algorithm that trades off performance for computational efficiency . the algorithm is a lazy posterior sampling method that maintains a distribution over the unknown parameter . the algorithm changes its policy only when the var ←
→ new parallel programming language design : a bridge between brain models and multi - core / many - core computers ? ; the recurrent theme of this paper is that sequences of long temporal patterns as opposed to sequences of simple statements are to be fed into computation devices , being them ( new proposed ) models for brain activity or multi - core / many - core computers . in such models , parts of these long temporal patterns are already committed while other are predicted . this combination of matching patterns and makin ←
→ learning graphical models from a distributed stream ; a current challenge for data management systems is to support the construction and maintenance of machine learning models over data that is large , multi - dimensional , and evolving . while systems that could support these tasks are emerging , the need to scale to distributed , streaming data requires new models and algorithms . in this setting , as well as computational scalability and model accuracy , we also need to minimize the amount of communication between ←
→ learned iterative decoding for lossy image compression systems ; for lossy image compression systems , we develop an algorithm called iterative refinement , to improve the decoder ' s reconstruction compared with standard decoding techniques . specifically , we propose a recurrent neural network approach for nonlinear , iterative decoding . our neural decoder , which can work with any encoder , employs self - connected memory units that make use of both causal and non - causal spatial context information to progressively ←
→ conformative filtering for implicit feedback data ; implicit feedback is the simplest form of user feedback that can be used for item recommendation . it is easy to collect and domain independent . however , there is a lack of negative examples . existing works circumvent this problem by making various assumptions regarding the unconsumed items , which fail to hold when the user did not consume an item because she was unaware of it . in this paper we propose conformative filtering ( cof ) as a novel method for addr ←
→ on the relationship between the openai evolution strategy and stochastic gradient descent ; because stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) has shown promise optimizing neural networks with millions of parameters and few if any alternatives are known to exist , it has moved to the heart of leading approaches to reinforcement learning ( rl ). for that reason , the recent result from openai showing that a particular kind of evolution strategy ( es ) can rival the performance of sgd - based deep rl methods with large neur ←
→ an application of non - monotonic probabilistic reasoning to air force threat correlation ; current approaches to expert systems ' reasoning under uncertainty fail to capture the iterative revision process characteristic of intelligent human reasoning . this paper reports on a system , called the non - monotonic probabilist , or nmp ( cohen , et al ., 1985 ). when its inferences result in substantial conflict , nmp examines and revises the assumptions underlying the inferences until conflict is reduced to acceptable l ←
→ interpreting complex regression models ; interpretation of a machine learning induced models is critical for feature engineering , debugging , and , arguably , compliance . yet , best of breed machine learning models tend to be very complex . this paper presents a method for model interpretation which has the main benefit that the simple interpretations it provides are always grounded in actual sets of learning examples . the method is validated on the task of interpreting a complex regression model in the context ←
→ building a pilot software quality - in - use benchmark dataset ; prepared domain specific datasets plays an important role to supervised learning approaches . in this article a new sentence dataset for software quality - in - use is proposed . three experts were chosen to annotate the data using a proposed annotation scheme . then the data were reconciled in a ( no match eliminate ) process to reduce bias . the kappa , k statistics revealed an acceptable level of agreement ; moderate to substantial agreement between the ex ←
→$\ ell_1 $- regularized neural networks are improperly learnable in polynomial time ; we study the improper learning of multi - layer neural networks . suppose that the neural network to be learned has $ k $ hidden layers and that the $\ ell_1 $- norm of the incoming weights of any neuron is bounded by $ l $. we present a kernel - based method , such that with probability at least $ 1 - \ delta $, it learns a predictor whose generalization error is at most $\ epsilon $ worse than that of the neural network . the sample complex ←
→ particle filtering on the audio localization manifold ; we present a novel particle filtering algorithm for tracking a moving sound source using a microphone array . if there are n microphones in the array , we track all $ n \ choose 2 $ delays with a single particle filter over time . since it is known that tracking in high dimensions is rife with difficulties , we instead integrate into our particle filter a model of the low dimensional manifold that these delays lie on . our manifold model is based off of work o ←
→ analyzing and improving statistical language models for speech recognition ; in many current speech recognizers , a statistical language model is used to indicate how likely it is that a certain word will be spoken next , given the words recognized so far . how can statistical language models be improved so that more complex speech recognition tasks can be tackled ? since the knowledge of the weaknesses of any theory often makes improving the theory easier , the central idea of this thesis is to analyze the we ←
→ memory retrieved from single neurons ; the paper examines the problem of accessing a vector memory from a single neuron in a hebbian neural network . it begins with the review of the author ' s earlier method , which is different from the hopfield model in that it recruits neighboring neurons by spreading activity , making it possible for single or group of neurons to become associated with vector memories . some open issues associated with this approach are identified . it is suggested that fragments that generat ←
→ sparse group factor analysis for biclustering of multiple data sources ; motivation : modelling methods that find structure in data are necessary with the current large volumes of genomic data , and there have been various efforts to find subsets of genes exhibiting consistent patterns over subsets of treatments . these biclustering techniques have focused on one data source , often gene expression data . we present a bayesian approach for joint biclustering of multiple data sources , extending a recent method gr ←
→ neural semantic parsing over multiple knowledge - bases ; a fundamental challenge in developing semantic parsers is the paucity of strong supervision in the form of language utterances annotated with logical form . in this paper , we propose to exploit structural regularities in language in different domains , and train semantic parsers over multiple knowledge - bases ( kbs ), while sharing information across datasets . we find that we can substantially improve parsing accuracy by training a single sequence - to - sequen ←
→ gated multimodal units for information fusion ; this paper presents a novel model for multimodal learning based on gated neural networks . the gated multimodal unit ( gmu ) model is intended to be used as an internal unit in a neural network architecture whose purpose is to find an intermediate representation based on a combination of data from different modalities . the gmu learns to decide how modalities influence the activation of the unit using multiplicative gates . it was evaluated on a multilabel scenario ←
→ topological recurrent neural network for diffusion prediction ; in this paper , we study the problem of using representation learning to assist information diffusion prediction on graphs . in particular , we aim at estimating the probability of an inactive node to be activated next in a cascade . despite the success of recent deep learning methods for diffusion , we find that they often underexplore the cascade structure . we consider a cascade as not merely a sequence of nodes ordered by their activation time st ←
→ do you see what i mean ? visual resolution of linguistic ambiguities ; understanding language goes hand in hand with the ability to integrate complex contextual information obtained via perception . in this work , we present a novel task for grounded language understanding : disambiguating a sentence given a visual scene which depicts one of the possible interpretations of that sentence . to this end , we introduce a new multimodal corpus containing ambiguous sentences , representing a wide range of syntactic , sem ←
→ enabling automatic certification of online auctions ; we consider the problem of building up trust in a network of online auctions by software agents . this requires agents to have a deeper understanding of auction mechanisms and be able to verify desirable properties of a given mechanism . we have shown how these mechanisms can be formalised as semantic web services in owl - s , a good enough expressive machine - readable formalism enabling software agents , to discover , invoke , and execute a web service . we have ←
→ a genetic algorithm for power - aware virtual machine allocation in private cloud ; energy efficiency has become an important measurement of scheduling algorithm for private cloud . the challenge is trade - off between minimizing of energy consumption and satisfying quality of service ( qos ) ( e . g . performance or resource availability on time for reservation request ). we consider resource needs in context of a private cloud system to provide resources for applications in teaching and researching . in which users ←
→ uniform sampling for matrix approximation ; random sampling has become a critical tool in solving massive matrix problems . for linear regression , a small , manageable set of data rows can be randomly selected to approximate a tall , skinny data matrix , improving processing time significantly . for theoretical performance guarantees , each row must be sampled with probability proportional to its statistical leverage score . unfortunately , leverage scores are difficult to compute . a simple alternative is to samp ←
→ multivariate time series classification using dynamic time warping template selection for human activity recognition ; accurate and computationally efficient means for classifying human activities have been the subject of extensive research efforts . most current research focuses on extracting complex features to achieve high classification accuracy . we propose a template selection approach based on dynamic time warping , such that complex feature extraction and domain knowledge is avoided . we demonstrate t ←
→ narrative based postdictive reasoning for cognitive robotics ; making sense of incomplete and conflicting narrative knowledge in the presence of abnormalities , unobservable processes , and other real world considerations is a challenge and crucial requirement for cognitive robotics systems . an added challenge , even when suitably specialised action languages and reasoning systems exist , is practical integration and application within large - scale robot control frameworks . in the backdrop of an autonomous whe ←
→ on the universal structure of human lexical semantics ; how universal is human conceptual structure ? the way concepts are organized in the human brain may reflect distinct features of cultural , historical , and environmental background in addition to properties universal to human cognition . semantics , or meaning expressed through language , provides direct access to the underlying conceptual structure , but meaning is notoriously difficult to measure , let alone parameterize . here we provide an empirical measur ←
→ positive definite estimation of large covariance matrix using generalized nonconvex penalties ; this work addresses the issue of large covariance matrix estimation in high - dimensional statistical analysis . recently , improved iterative algorithms with positive - definite guarantee have been developed . however , these algorithms cannot be directly extended to use a nonconvex penalty for sparsity inducing . generally , a nonconvex penalty has the capability of ameliorating the bias problem of the popular convex l ←
→ learning the pe header , malware detection with minimal domain knowledge ; many efforts have been made to use various forms of domain knowledge in malware detection . currently there exist two common approaches to malware detection without domain knowledge , namely byte n - grams and strings . in this work we explore the feasibility of applying neural networks to malware detection and feature learning . we do this by restricting ourselves to a minimal amount of domain knowledge in order to extract a portion of the ←
→ automated generation of cross - domain analogies via evolutionary computation ; analogy plays an important role in creativity , and is extensively used in science as well as art . in this paper we introduce a technique for the automated generation of cross - domain analogies based on a novel evolutionary algorithm ( ea ). unlike existing work in computational analogy - making restricted to creating analogies between two given cases , our approach , for a given case , is capable of creating an analogy along with the no ←
→ latent laplacian maximum entropy discrimination for detection of high - utility anomalies ; data - driven anomaly detection methods suffer from the drawback of detecting all instances that are statistically rare , irrespective of whether the detected instances have real - world significance or not . in this paper , we are interested in the problem of specifically detecting anomalous instances that are known to have high real - world utility , while ignoring the low - utility statistically anomalous instances . to this e ←
→ an infinite restricted boltzmann machine ; we present a mathematical construction for the restricted boltzmann machine ( rbm ) that doesn ' t require specifying the number of hidden units . in fact , the hidden layer size is adaptive and can grow during training . this is obtained by first extending the rbm to be sensitive to the ordering of its hidden units . then , thanks to a carefully chosen definition of the energy function , we show that the limit of infinitely many hidden units is well defined . as with rbm , ap ←
→ export behaviour modeling using evonf approach ; the academic literature suggests that the extent of exporting by multinational corporation subsidiaries ( mcs ) depends on their product manufactured , resources , tax protection , customers and markets , involvement strategy , financial independence and suppliers ' relationship with a multinational corporation ( mnc ). the aim of this paper is to model the complex export pattern behaviour using a takagi - sugeno fuzzy inference system in order to determine the actual vo ←
→ growing story forest online from massive breaking news ; we describe our experience of implementing a news content organization system at tencent that discovers events from vast streams of breaking news and evolves news story structures in an online fashion . our real - world system has distinct requirements in contrast to previous studies on topic detection and tracking ( tdt ) and event timeline or graph generation , in that we 1 ) need to accurately and quickly extract distinguishable events from massive stream ←
→ whiteout : gaussian adaptive noise regularization in feedforward neural networks ; noise injection ( ni ) is an approach to mitigate over - fitting in feedforward neural networks ( nns ). the bernoulli ni procedure as implemented in dropout and shakeout has connections with $ l_1 $ and $ l_2 $ regularization on the nn model parameters and demonstrates the efficiency and feasibility of ni in regularizing nns . we propose whiteout , a new ni regularization technique with adaptive gaussian noise in nns . whiteout is more ←
→ computing small unsatisfiable cores in satisfiability modulo theories ; the problem of finding small unsatisfiable cores for sat formulas has recently received a lot of interest , mostly for its applications in formal verification . however , propositional logic is often not expressive enough for representing many interesting verification problems , which can be more naturally addressed in the framework of satisfiability modulo theories , smt . surprisingly , the problem of finding unsatisfiable cores in smt has r ←
→ automatic pixelwise object labeling for aerial imagery using stacked u - nets ; automation of objects labeling in aerial imagery is a computer vision task with numerous practical applications . fields like energy exploration require an automated method to process a continuous stream of imagery on a daily basis . in this paper we propose a pipeline to tackle this problem using a stack of convolutional neural networks ( u - net architecture ) arranged end - to - end . each network works as post - processor to the previous ←
→ projective reconstruction in algebraic vision ; we discuss the geometry of rational maps from a projective space of an arbitrary dimension to the product of projective spaces of lower dimensions induced by linear projections . in particular , we give a purely algebro - geometric proof of the projective reconstruction theorem by hartley and schaffalitzky [ hs09 ].←
→ on universal prediction and bayesian confirmation ; the bayesian framework is a well - studied and successful framework for inductive reasoning , which includes hypothesis testing and confirmation , parameter estimation , sequence prediction , classification , and regression . but standard statistical guidelines for choosing the model class and prior are not always available or fail , in particular in complex situations . solomonoff completed the bayesian framework by providing a rigorous , unique , formal , and univers ←
→ industrial - strength formally certified sat solving ; boolean satisfiability ( sat ) solvers are now routinely used in the verification of large industrial problems . however , their application in safety - critical domains such as the railways , avionics , and automotive industries requires some form of assurance for the results , as the solvers can ( and sometimes do ) have bugs . unfortunately , the complexity of modern , highly optimized sat solvers renders impractical the development of direct formal proofs of their ←
→ deep feature interpolation for image content changes ; we propose deep feature interpolation ( dfi ), a new data - driven baseline for automatic high - resolution image transformation . as the name suggests , it relies only on simple linear interpolation of deep convolutional features from pre - trained convnets . we show that despite its simplicity , dfi can perform high - level semantic transformations like " make older / younger ", " make bespectacled ", " add smile ", among others , surprisingly well - sometimes even matching ←
→ using curvature to distinguish between surface reflections and vessel contents in computer vision based recognition of materials in transparent vessels ; the recognition of materials and objects inside transparent containers using computer vision has a wide range of applications , ranging from industrial bottles filling to the automation of chemistry laboratory . one of the main challenges in such recognition is the ability to distinguish between image features resulting from the vessels surface and image ←
→ outlier detection for robust multi - dimensional scaling ; multi - dimensional scaling ( mds ) plays a central role in data - exploration , dimensionality reduction and visualization . state - of - the - art mds algorithms are not robust to outliers , yielding significant errors in the embedding even when only a handful of outliers are present . in this paper , we introduce a technique to detect and filter outliers based on geometric reasoning . we test the validity of triangles formed by three points , and mark a triangle as b ←
→ hierarchical reinforcement learning : approximating optimal discounted tsp using local policies ; in this work , we provide theoretical guarantees for reward decomposition in deterministic mdps . reward decomposition is a special case of hierarchical reinforcement learning , that allows one to learn many policies in parallel and combine them into a composite solution . our approach builds on mapping this problem into a reward discounted traveling salesman problem , and then deriving approximate solutions for it ←
→ devnagari document segmentation using histogram approach ; document segmentation is one of the critical phases in machine recognition of any language . correct segmentation of individual symbols decides the accuracy of character recognition technique . it is used to decompose image of a sequence of characters into sub images of individual symbols by segmenting lines and words . devnagari is the most popular script in india . it is used for writing hindi , marathi , sanskrit and nepali languages . moreover , hindi i ←
→ optimizing recurrent neural networks architectures under time constraints ; recurrent neural network ( rnn )' s architecture is a key factor influencing its performance . we propose algorithms to optimize hidden sizes under running time constraint . we convert the discrete optimization into a subset selection problem . by novel transformations , the objective function becomes submodular and constraint becomes supermodular . a greedy algorithm with bounds is suggested to solve the transformed problem . and we show ←
→ a max - sum algorithm for training discrete neural networks ; we present an efficient learning algorithm for the problem of training neural networks with discrete synapses , a well - known hard ( np - complete ) discrete optimization problem . the algorithm is a variant of the so - called max - sum ( ms ) algorithm . in particular , we show how , for bounded integer weights with $ q $ distinct states and independent concave a priori distribution ( e . g . $ l_ { 1 }$ regularization ), the algorithm ' s time complexity can be made to scale ←
→ interdefinability of defeasible logic and logic programming under the well - founded semantics ; we provide a method of translating theories of nute ' s defeasible logic into logic programs , and a corresponding translation in the opposite direction . under certain natural restrictions , the conclusions of defeasible theories under the ambiguity propagating defeasible logic adl correspond to those of the well - founded semantics for normal logic programs , and so it turns out that the two formalisms are closely rel ←
→ a multi - branch convolutional neural network for detecting double jpeg compression ; detection of double jpeg compression is important to forensics analysis . a few methods were proposed based on convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). these methods only accept inputs from pre - processed data , such as histogram features and / or decompressed images . in this paper , we present a cnn solution by using raw dct ( discrete cosine transformation ) coefficients from jpeg images as input . considering the dct sub - band natur ←
→ clustering with deep learning : taxonomy and new methods ; clustering is a fundamental machine learning method . the quality of its results is dependent on the data distribution . for this reason , deep neural networks can be used for learning better representations of the data . in this paper , we propose a systematic taxonomy for clustering with deep learning , in addition to a review of methods from the field . based on our taxonomy , creating new methods is more straightforward . we also propose a new approach wh ←
→ feature level fusion of biometrics cues : human identification with doddingtons caricature ; this paper presents a multimodal biometric system of fingerprint and ear biometrics . scale invariant feature transform ( sift ) descriptor based feature sets extracted from fingerprint and ear are fused . the fused set is encoded by k - medoids partitioning approach with less number of feature points in the set . k - medoids partition the whole dataset into clusters to minimize the error between data points belonging to th ←
→ decidability and undecidability results for propositional schemata ; we define a logic of propositional formula schemata adding to the syntax of propositional logic indexed propositions and iterated connectives ranging over intervals parameterized by arithmetic variables . the satisfiability problem is shown to be undecidable for this new logic , but we introduce a very general class of schemata , called bound - linear , for which this problem becomes decidable . this result is obtained by reduction to a particula ←
→ a generic tool to generate a lexicon for nlp from lexicon - grammar tables ; lexicon - grammar tables constitute a large - coverage syntactic lexicon but they cannot be directly used in natural language processing ( nlp ) applications because they sometimes rely on implicit information . in this paper , we introduce lgextract , a generic tool for generating a syntactic lexicon for nlp from the lexicon - grammar tables . it is based on a global table that contains undefined information and on a unique extraction script in ←
→ local patch classification based framework for single image super - resolution ; recent learning - based super - resolution ( sr ) methods often focus on the dictionary learning or network training . in this paper , we detailedly discuss a new sr framework based on local classification instead of traditional dictionary learning . the proposed efficient and extendible sr framework is named as local patch classification ( lpc ) based framework . the lpc framework consists of a learning stage and a reconstructing stage . i ←
→ low resolution face recognition using a two - branch deep convolutional neural network architecture ; we propose a novel couple mappings method for low resolution face recognition using deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ). the proposed architecture consists of two branches of dcnns to map the high and low resolution face images into a common space with nonlinear transformations . the branch corresponding to transformation of high resolution images consists of 14 layers and the other branch which maps ←
→ dynamic oracle for neural machine translation in decoding phase ; the past several years have witnessed the rapid progress of end - to - end neural machine translation ( nmt ). however , there exists discrepancy between training and inference in nmt when decoding , which may lead to serious problems since the model might be in a part of the state space it has never seen during training . to address the issue , scheduled sampling has been proposed . however , there are certain limitations in scheduled sampling and we pr ←
→ an invariant model of the significance of different body parts in recognizing different actions ; in this paper , we show that different body parts do not play equally important roles in recognizing a human action in video data . we investigate to what extent a body part plays a role in recognition of different actions and hence propose a generic method of assigning weights to different body points . the approach is inspired by the strong evidence in the applied perception community that humans perform recog ←
→ fast and strong convergence of online learning algorithms ; in this paper , we study the online learning algorithm without explicit regularization terms . this algorithm is essentially a stochastic gradient descent scheme in a reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ). the polynomially decaying step size in each iteration can play a role of regularization to ensure the generalization ability of online learning algorithm . we develop a novel capacity dependent analysis on the performance of the last iterate of on ←
→ grammar induction for mildly context sensitive languages using variational bayesian inference ; the following technical report presents a formal approach to probabilistic minimalist grammar induction . we describe a formalization of a minimalist grammar . based on this grammar , we define a generative model for minimalist derivations . we then present a generalized algorithm for the application of variational bayesian inference to lexicalized mildly context sensitive language grammars which in this paper is a ←
→ interpretation of semantic tweet representations ; research in analysis of microblogging platforms is experiencing a renewed surge with a large number of works applying representation learning models for applications like sentiment analysis , semantic textual similarity computation , hashtag prediction , etc . although the performance of the representation learning models has been better than the traditional baselines for such tasks , little is known about the elementary properties of a tweet encoded within thes ←
→ a sequential model for multi - class classification ; many classification problems require decisions among a large number of competing classes . these tasks , however , are not handled well by general purpose learning methods and are usually addressed in an ad - hoc fashion . we suggest a general approach -- a sequential learning model that utilizes classifiers to sequentially restrict the number of competing classes while maintaining , with high probability , the presence of the true outcome in the candidates set . s ←
→ an algebraic semantics for possibilistic logic ; the first contribution of this paper is the presentation of a pavelka - like formulation of possibilistic logic in which the language is naturally enriched by two connectives which represent negation ( eg ) and a new type of conjunction ( otimes ). the space of truth values for this logic is the lattice of possibility functions , that , from an algebraic point of view , forms a quantal . a second contribution comes from the understanding of the new conjunction as the ←
→ stronger baselines for trustable results in neural machine translation ; interest in neural machine translation has grown rapidly as its effectiveness has been demonstrated across language and data scenarios . new research regularly introduces architectural and algorithmic improvements that lead to significant gains over " vanilla " nmt implementations . however , these new techniques are rarely evaluated in the context of previously published techniques , specifically those that are widely used in state - of - thear ←
→ impact of exponent parameter value for the partition matrix on the performance of fuzzy c means algorithm ; soft clustering plays a very important rule on clustering real world data where a data item contributes to more than one cluster . fuzzy logic based algorithms are always suitable for performing soft clustering tasks . fuzzy c means ( fcm ) algorithm is a very popular fuzzy logic based algorithm . in case of fuzzy logic based algorithm , the parameter like exponent for the partition matrix that we have to ←
→ sar target recognition using the multi - aspect - aware bidirectional lstm recurrent neural networks ; the outstanding pattern recognition performance of deep learning brings new vitality to the synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) automatic target recognition ( atr ). however , there is a limitation in current deep learning based atr solution that each learning process only handle one sar image , namely learning the static scattering information , while missing the space - varying information . it is obvious that multi - as ←
→ defext : a semi supervised definition extraction tool ; we present defext , an easy to use semi supervised definition extraction tool . defext is designed to extract from a target corpus those textual fragments where a term is explicitly mentioned together with its core features , i . e . its definition . it works on the back of a conditional random fields based sequential labeling algorithm and a bootstrapping approach . bootstrapping enables the model to gradually become more aware of the idiosyncrasies of the tar ←
→ a question answering approach to emotion cause extraction ; emotion cause extraction aims to identify the reasons behind a certain emotion expressed in text . it is a much more difficult task compared to emotion classification . inspired by recent advances in using deep memory networks for question answering ( qa ), we propose a new approach which considers emotion cause identification as a reading comprehension task in qa . inspired by convolutional neural networks , we propose a new mechanism to store relevant ←
→ independently controllable factors ; it has been postulated that a good representation is one that disentangles the underlying explanatory factors of variation . however , it remains an open question what kind of training framework could potentially achieve that . whereas most previous work focuses on the static setting ( e . g ., with images ), we postulate that some of the causal factors could be discovered if the learner is allowed to interact with its environment . the agent can experiment with different actions ←
→ driving cdcl search ; the cdcl algorithm is the leading solution adopted by state - of - the - art solvers for sat , smt , asp , and others . experiments show that the performance of cdcl solvers can be significantly boosted by embedding domain - specific heuristics , especially on large real - world problems . however , a proper integration of such criteria in off - the - shelf cdcl implementations is not obvious . in this paper , we distill the key ingredients that drive the search of cdcl solvers , and propose a general framewo ←
→ a case of combination of evidence in the dempster - shafer theory inconsistent with evaluation of probabilities ; the dempster - shafer theory of evidence accumulation is one of the main tools for combining data obtained from multiple sources . in this paper a special case of combination of two bodies of evidence with non - zero conflict coefficient is considered . it is shown that application of the dempster - shafer rule of combination in this case leads to an evaluation of masses of the combined bodies that is d ←
→ capturing localized image artifacts through a cnn - based hyper - image representation ; training deep cnns to capture localized image artifacts on a relatively small dataset is a challenging task . with enough images at hand , one can hope that a deep cnn characterizes localized artifacts over the entire data and their effect on the output . however , on smaller datasets , such deep cnns may overfit and shallow ones find it hard to capture local artifacts . thus some image - based small - data applications first train ←
→ visual question answering as a meta learning task ; the predominant approach to visual question answering ( vqa ) demands that the model represents within its weights all of the information required to answer any question about any image . learning this information from any real training set seems unlikely , and representing it in a reasonable number of weights doubly so . we propose instead to approach vqa as a meta learning task , thus separating the question answering method from the information required . at t ←
→ contaminated speech training methods for robust dnn - hmm distant speech recognition ; despite the significant progress made in the last years , state - of - the - art speech recognition technologies provide a satisfactory performance only in the close - talking condition . robustness of distant speech recognition in adverse acoustic conditions , on the other hand , remains a crucial open issue for future applications of human - machine interaction . to this end , several advances in speech enhancement , acoustic scene anal ←
→ skos concepts and natural language concepts : an analysis of latent relationships in koss ; the vehicle to represent knowledge organization systems ( koss ) in the environment of the semantic web and linked data is the simple knowledge organization system ( skos ). skos provides a way to assign a uri to each concept , and this uri functions as a surrogate for the concept . this fact makes of main concern the need to clarify the uris ' ontological meaning . the aim of this study is to investigate the relation betwe ←
→ alignedreid : surpassing human - level performance in person re - identification ; in this paper , we propose a novel method called alignedreid that extracts a global feature which is jointly learned with local features . global feature learning benefits greatly from local feature learning , which performs an alignment / matching by calculating the shortest path between two sets of local features , without requiring extra supervision . after the joint learning , we only keep the global feature to compute the similarit ←
→ mined semantic analysis : a new concept space model for semantic representation of textual data ; mined semantic analysis ( msa ) is a novel concept space model which employs unsupervised learning to generate semantic representations of text . msa represents textual structures ( terms , phrases , documents ) as a bag of concepts ( boc ) where concepts are derived from concept rich encyclopedic corpora . traditional concept space models exploit only target corpus content to construct the concept space . msa , alternati ←
→ improving text normalization by optimizing nearest neighbor matching ; text normalization is an essential task in the processing and analysis of social media that is dominated with informal writing . it aims to map informal words to their intended standard forms . previously proposed text normalization approaches typically require manual selection of parameters for improved performance . in this paper , we present an automatic optimizationbased nearest neighbor matching approach for text normalization . this app ←
→ a linear programming driven genetic algorithm for meta - scheduling on utility grids ; the user - level brokers in grids consider individual application qos requirements and minimize their cost without considering demands from other users . this results in contention for resources and sub - optimal schedules . meta - scheduling in grids aims to address this scheduling problem , which is np hard due to its combinatorial nature . thus , many heuristic - based solutions using genetic algorithm ( ga ) have been proposed , apar ←
→ identification of conditional interventional distributions ; the subject of this paper is the elucidation of effects of actions from causal assumptions represented as a directed graph , and statistical knowledge given as a probability distribution . in particular , we are interested in predicting conditional distributions resulting from performing an action on a set of variables and , subsequently , taking measurements of another set . we provide a necessary and sufficient graphical condition for the cases where ←
→ causal discovery with continuous additive noise models ; we consider the problem of learning causal directed acyclic graphs from an observational joint distribution . one can use these graphs to predict the outcome of interventional experiments , from which data are often not available . we show that if the observational distribution follows a structural equation model with an additive noise structure , the directed acyclic graph becomes identifiable from the distribution under mild conditions . this constitutes ←
→ lexical translation model using a deep neural network architecture ; in this paper we combine the advantages of a model using global source sentence contexts , the discriminative word lexicon , and neural networks . by using deep neural networks instead of the linear maximum entropy model in the discriminative word lexicon models , we are able to leverage dependencies between different source words due to the non - linearity . furthermore , the models for different target words can share parameters and therefore da ←
→ deep feature fusion network for answer quality prediction in community question answering ; community question answering ( cqa ) forums have become a popular medium for soliciting direct answers to specific questions of users from experts or other experienced users on a given topic . however , for a given question , users sometimes have to sift through a large number of low - quality or irrelevant answers to find out the answer which satisfies their information need . to alleviate this , the problem of answer qual ←
→ scalable pooled time series of big video data from the deep web ; we contribute a scalable implementation of ryoo et al ' s pooled time series algorithm from cvpr 2015 . the updated algorithm has been evaluated on a large and diverse dataset of approximately 6800 videos collected from a crawl of the deep web related to human trafficking on darpa ' s memex effort . we describe the properties of pooled time series and the motivation for using it to relate videos collected from the deep web . we highlight issues that ←
→ convex - constrained sparse additive modeling and its extensions ; sparse additive modeling is a class of effective methods for performing high - dimensional nonparametric regression . in this work we show how shape constraints such as convexity / concavity and their extensions , can be integrated into additive models . the proposed sparse difference of convex additive models ( sdcam ) can estimate most continuous functions without any a priori smoothness assumption . motivated by a characterization of difference of co ←
→ similarity preserving representation learning for time series analysis ; a considerable amount of machine learning algorithms take instance - feature matrices as their inputs . as such , they cannot directly analyze time series data due to its temporal nature , usually unequal lengths , and complex properties . this is a great pity since many of these algorithms are effective , robust , efficient , and easy to use . in this paper , we bridge this gap by proposing an efficient representation learning framework that is a ←
→ distributed evolutionary computation using rest ; this paper analises distributed evolutionary computation based on the representational state transfer ( rest ) protocol , which overlays a farming model on evolutionary computation . an approach to evolutionary distributed optimisation of multilayer perceptrons ( mlp ) using rest and language perl has been done . in these experiments , a master - slave based evolutionary algorithm ( ea ) has been implemented , where slave processes evaluate the costly fitness function ( t ←
→ non - sparse linear representations for visual tracking with online reservoir metric learning ; most sparse linear representation - based trackers need to solve a computationally expensive l1 - regularized optimization problem . to address this problem , we propose a visual tracker based on non - sparse linear representations , which admit an efficient closed - form solution without sacrificing accuracy . moreover , in order to capture the correlation information between different feature dimensions , we learn a mahalano ←
→ instantaneously trained neural networks ; this paper presents a review of instantaneously trained neural networks ( itnns ). these networks trade learning time for size and , in the basic model , a new hidden node is created for each training sample . various versions of the corner - classification family of itnns , which have found applications in artificial intelligence ( ai ), are described . implementation issues are also considered .←
→ coactive learning for locally optimal problem solving ; coactive learning is an online problem solving setting where the solutions provided by a solver are interactively improved by a domain expert , which in turn drives learning . in this paper we extend the study of coactive learning to problems where obtaining a globally optimal or near - optimal solution may be intractable or where an expert can only be expected to make small , local improvements to a candidate solution . the goal of learning in this new sett ←
→ stochastic dynamics of lexicon learning in an uncertain and nonuniform world ; we study the time taken by a language learner to correctly identify the meaning of all words in a lexicon under conditions where many plausible meanings can be inferred whenever a word is uttered . we show that the most basic form of cross - situational learning - whereby information from multiple episodes is combined to eliminate incorrect meanings - can perform badly when words are learned independently and meanings are drawn fr ←
→ graph aggregation ; graph aggregation is the process of computing a single output graph that constitutes a good compromise between several input graphs , each provided by a different source . one needs to perform graph aggregation in a wide variety of situations , e . g ., when applying a voting rule ( graphs as preference orders ), when consolidating conflicting views regarding the relationships between arguments in a debate ( graphs as abstract argumentation frameworks ), or when computing a consensus between sever ←
→ one - class collective anomaly detection based on long short - term memory recurrent neural networks ; intrusion detection for computer network systems has been becoming one of the most critical tasks for network administrators today . it has an important role for organizations , governments and our society due to the valuable resources hosted on computer networks . traditional misuse detection strategies are unable to detect new and unknown intrusion types . in contrast , anomaly detection in network security aim ←
→ robust os - elm with a novel selective ensemble based on particle swarm optimization ; in this paper , a robust online sequential extreme learning machine ( ros - elm ) is proposed . it is based on the original os - elm with an adaptive selective ensemble framework . two novel insights are proposed in this paper . first , a novel selective ensemble algorithm referred to as particle swarm optimization selective ensemble ( psosen ) is proposed . noting that psosen is a general selective ensemble method which is applicable ←
→ probabilistic models for agents ' beliefs and decisions ; many applications of intelligent systems require reasoning about the mental states of agents in the domain . we may want to reason about an agent ' s beliefs , including beliefs about other agents ; we may also want to reason about an agent ' s preferences , and how his beliefs and preferences relate to his behavior . we define a probabilistic epistemic logic ( pel ) in which belief statements are given a formal semantics , and provide an algorithm for asserting ←
→ deepthin : a self - compressing library for deep neural networks ; as the industry deploys increasingly large and complex neural networks to mobile devices , more pressure is put on the memory and compute resources of those devices . deep compression , or compression of deep neural network weight matrices , is a technique to stretch resources for such scenarios . existing compression methods cannot effectively compress models smaller than 1 - 2 % of their original size . we develop a new compression technique , deepthin ←
→ neural symbolic machines : learning semantic parsers on freebase with weak supervision ; harnessing the statistical power of neural networks to perform language understanding and symbolic reasoning is difficult , when it requires executing efficient discrete operations against a large knowledge - base . in this work , we introduce a neural symbolic machine , which contains ( a ) a neural " programmer ", i . e ., a sequence - to - sequence model that maps language utterances to programs and utilizes a key - variable memory to ←
→ graph based classification methods using inaccurate external classifier information ; in this paper we consider the problem of collectively classifying entities where relational information is available across the entities . in practice inaccurate class distribution for each entity is often available from another ( external ) classifier . for example this distribution could come from a classifier built using content features or a simple dictionary . given the relational and inaccurate external classifier infor ←
→ exploring the use of shatter for allsat through ramsey - type problems ; in the context of sat solvers , shatter is a popular tool for symmetry breaking on cnf formulas . nevertheless , little has been said about its use in the context of allsat problems : problems where we are interested in listing all the models of a boolean formula . allsat has gained much popularity in recent years due to its many applications in domains like model checking , data mining , etc . one example of a particularly transparent applicati ←
→ intrinsic3d : high - quality 3d reconstruction by joint appearance and geometry optimization with spatially - varying lighting ; we introduce a novel method to obtain high - quality 3d reconstructions from consumer rgb - d sensors . our core idea is to simultaneously optimize for geometry encoded in a signed distance field ( sdf ), textures from automatically - selected keyframes , and their camera poses along with material and scene lighting . to this end , we propose a joint surface reconstruction approach that is based ←
→ an integrated , conditional model of information extraction and coreference with applications to citation matching ; although information extraction and coreference resolution appear together in many applications , most current systems perform them as ndependent steps . this paper describes an approach to integrated inference for extraction and coreference based on conditionally - trained undirected graphical models . we discuss the advantages of conditional probability training , and of a coreference model stru ←
→ segmentation of camera captured business card images for mobile devices ; due to huge deformation in the camera captured images , variety in nature of the business cards and the computational constraints of the mobile devices , design of an efficient business card reader ( bcr ) is challenging to the researchers . extraction of text regions and segmenting them into characters is one of such challenges . in this paper , we have presented an efficient character segmentation technique for business card images capture ←
→ bpgrad : towards global optimality in deep learning via branch and pruning ; understanding the global optimality in deep learning ( dl ) has been attracting more and more attention recently . conventional dl solvers , however , have not been developed intentionally to seek for such global optimality . in this paper we propose a novel approximation algorithm , bpgrad , towards optimizing deep models globally via branch and pruning . our bpgrad algorithm is based on the assumption of lipschitz continuity in dl , and a ←
→ a theory of universal artificial intelligence based on algorithmic complexity ; decision theory formally solves the problem of rational agents in uncertain worlds if the true environmental prior probability distribution is known . solomonoff ' s theory of universal induction formally solves the problem of sequence prediction for unknown prior distribution . we combine both ideas and get a parameterless theory of universal artificial intelligence . we give strong arguments that the resulting aixi model is the m ←
→ three - stream convolutional networks for video - based person re - identification ; this paper aims to develop a new architecture that can make full use of the feature maps of convolutional networks . to this end , we study a number of methods for video - based person re - identification and make the following findings : 1 ) max - pooling only focuses on the maximum value of a receptive field , wasting a lot of information . 2 ) networks with different streams even including the one with the worst performance work better t ←
→ monotonicity and persistence in preferential logics ; an important characteristic of many logics for artificial intelligence is their nonmonotonicity . this means that adding a formula to the premises can invalidate some of the consequences . there may , however , exist formulae that can always be safely added to the premises without destroying any of the consequences : we say they respect monotonicity . also , there may be formulae that , when they are a consequence , can not be invalidated when adding any formula ←
→ persistent - homology - based gait recognition ; gait recognition is an important biometric technique for video surveillance tasks , due to the advantage of using it at distance . in this paper , we present a persistent homology - based method to extract topological features ( the so - called {\ it topological gait signature }) from the the body silhouettes of a gait sequence . % it has been used before in several conference papers of the same authors for human identification , gender classification , carried object detecti ←
→ comparison of different methods for tissue segmentation in histopathological whole - slide images ; tissue segmentation is an important pre - requisite for efficient and accurate diagnostics in digital pathology . however , it is well known that whole - slide scanners can fail in detecting all tissue regions , for example due to the tissue type , or due to weak staining because their tissue detection algorithms are not robust enough . in this paper , we introduce two different convolutional neural network architectur ←
→ deep learning using rectified linear units ( relu ) ; we introduce the use of rectified linear units ( relu ) as the classification function in a deep neural network ( dnn ). conventionally , relu is used as an activation function in dnns , with softmax function as their classification function . however , there have been several studies on using a classification function other than softmax , and this study is an addition to those . we accomplish this by taking the activation of the penultimate layer $ h_ { n - 1 }$ in a n ←
→ unsupervised image segmentation by global and local criteria optimization based on bayesian networks ; today bayesian networks are more used in many areas of decision support and image processing . in this way , our proposed approach uses bayesian network to modelize the segmented image quality . this quality is calculated on a set of attributes that represent local evaluation measures . the idea is to have these local levels chosen in a way to be intersected into them to keep the overall appearance of segmen ←
→ bringing structure into summaries : crowdsourcing a benchmark corpus of concept maps ; concept maps can be used to concisely represent important information and bring structure into large document collections . therefore , we study a variant of multi - document summarization that produces summaries in the form of concept maps . however , suitable evaluation datasets for this task are currently missing . to close this gap , we present a newly created corpus of concept maps that summarize heterogeneous collections o ←
→ extending bron kerbosch for solving the maximum weight clique problem ; this contribution extends the bron kerbosch algorithm for solving the maximum weight clique problem , where continuous - valued weights are assigned to both , vertices and edges . we applied the proposed algorithm to graph matching problems .←
→ finding tiny faces ; though tremendous strides have been made in object recognition , one of the remaining open challenges is detecting small objects . we explore three aspects of the problem in the context of finding small faces : the role of scale invariance , image resolution , and contextual reasoning . while most recognition approaches aim to be scale - invariant , the cues for recognizing a 3px tall face are fundamentally different than those for recognizing a 300px tall face . we take a different approach and ←
→ rademacher complexity of the restricted boltzmann machine ; boltzmann machine , as a fundamental construction block of deep belief network and deep boltzmann machines , is widely used in deep learning community and great success has been achieved . however , theoretical understanding of many aspects of it is still far from clear . in this paper , we studied the rademacher complexity of both the asymptotic restricted boltzmann machine and the practical implementation with single - step contrastive divergence ( cd - 1 ) ←
→ on the link between partial meet , kernel , and infra contraction and its application to horn logic ; standard belief change assumes an underlying logic containing full classical propositional logic . however , there are good reasons for considering belief change in less expressive logics as well . in this paper we build on recent investigations by delgrande on contraction for horn logic . we show that the standard basic form of contraction , partial meet , is too strong in the horn case . this result stands in co ←
→ fractal structures in adversarial prediction ; fractals are self - similar recursive structures that have been used in modeling several real world processes . in this work we study how " fractal - like " processes arise in a prediction game where an adversary is generating a sequence of bits and an algorithm is trying to predict them . we will see that under a certain formalization of the predictive payoff for the algorithm it is most optimal for the adversary to produce a fractal - like sequence to minimize the algo ←
→ semantically - guided video object segmentation ; this paper tackles the problem of semi - supervised video object segmentation , that is , segmenting an object in a sequence given its mask in the first frame . one of the main challenges in this scenario is the change of appearance of the objects of interest . their semantics , on the other hand , do not vary . this paper investigates how to take advantage of such invariance via the introduction of a semantic prior that guides the appearance model . specifically , given ←
→ influence functions for machine learning : nonparametric estimators for entropies , divergences and mutual informations ; we propose and analyze estimators for statistical functionals of one or more distributions under nonparametric assumptions . our estimators are based on the theory of influence functions , which appear in the semiparametric statistics literature . we show that estimators based either on data - splitting or a leave - one - out technique enjoy fast rates of convergence and other favorable theoretic ←
→ on - line pca with optimal regrets ; we carefully investigate the on - line version of pca , where in each trial a learning algorithm plays a k - dimensional subspace , and suffers the compression loss on the next instance when projected into the chosen subspace . in this setting , we analyze two popular on - line algorithms , gradient descent ( gd ) and exponentiated gradient ( eg ). we show that both algorithms are essentially optimal in the worst - case . this comes as a surprise , since eg is known to perform sub - optimally ←
→ determining the consistency factor of autopilot using rough set theory ; autopilot is a system designed to guide a vehicle without aid . due to increase in flight hours and complexity of modern day flight it has become imperative to equip the aircrafts with autopilot . thus reliability and consistency of an autopilot system becomes a crucial role in a flight . but the increased complexity and demand for better accuracy has made the process of evaluating the autopilot for consistency a difficult process . a vast ←
→ classification of copd with multiple instance learning ; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a lung disease where early detection benefits the survival rate . copd can be quantified by classifying patches of computed tomography images , and combining patch labels into an overall diagnosis for the image . as labeled patches are often not available , image labels are propagated to the patches , incorrectly labeling healthy patches in copd patients as being affected by the disease . we approach quantific ←
→ 2 - sat sub - clauses and the hypernodal structure of the 3 - sat problem ; like simpler graphs , nested ( hypernodal ) graphs consist of two components : a set of nodes and a set of edges , where each edge connects a pair of nodes . in the hypernodal graph model , however , a node may contain other graphs , so that a node may be contained in a graph that it contains . the inherently recursive structure of the hypernodal graph model aptly characterizes both the structure and dynamic of the 3 - sat problem , a broadly applicab ←
→ deep extreme cut : from extreme points to object segmentation ; this paper explores the use of extreme points in an object ( left - most , right - most , top , bottom pixels ) as input to obtain precise object segmentation for images and videos . we do so by adding an extra channel to the image in the input of a convolutional neural network ( cnn ), which contains a gaussian centered in each of the extreme points . the cnn learns to transform this information into a segmentation of an object that matches those extreme po ←
→ evolution with drifting targets ; we consider the question of the stability of evolutionary algorithms to gradual changes , or drift , in the target concept . we define an algorithm to be resistant to drift if , for some inverse polynomial drift rate in the target function , it converges to accuracy 1 -- \ epsilon , with polynomial resources , and then stays within that accuracy indefinitely , except with probability \ epsilon , at any one time . we show that every evolution algorithm , in the sense of valiant ( 2007 ; ←
→ deep incremental boosting ; this paper introduces deep incremental boosting , a new technique derived from adaboost , specifically adapted to work with deep learning methods , that reduces the required training time and improves generalisation . we draw inspiration from transfer of learning approaches to reduce the start - up time to training each incremental ensemble member . we show a set of experiments that outlines some preliminary results on some common deep learning datasets and discuss the potential improve ←
→ antnet : distributed stigmergetic control for communications networks ; this paper introduces antnet , a novel approach to the adaptive learning of routing tables in communications networks . antnet is a distributed , mobile agents based monte carlo system that was inspired by recent work on the ant colony metaphor for solving optimization problems . antnet ' s agents concurrently explore the network and exchange collected information . the communication among the agents is indirect and asynchronous , mediated by th ←
→ clustering of data with missing entries ; the analysis of large datasets is often complicated by the presence of missing entries , mainly because most of the current machine learning algorithms are designed to work with full data . the main focus of this work is to introduce a clustering algorithm , that will provide good clustering even in the presence of missing data . the proposed technique solves an $\ ell_0 $ fusion penalty based optimization problem to recover the clusters . we theoretically analyze the cond ←
→ the mathematical abstraction theory , the fundamentals for knowledge representation and self - evolving autonomous problem solving systems ; the intention of the present study is to establish the mathematical fundamentals for automated problem solving essentially targeted for robotics by approaching the task universal algebraically introducing knowledge as realizations of generalized free algebra based nets , graphs with gluing forms connecting in - and out - edges to nodes . nets are caused to undergo transforma ←
→ evolution - preserving dense trajectory descriptors ; recently trajectory - pooled deep - learning descriptors were shown to achieve state - of - the - art human action recognition results on a number of datasets . this paper improves their performance by applying rank pooling to each trajectory , encoding the temporal evolution of deep learning features computed along the trajectory . this leads to evolution - preserving trajectory ( ept ) descriptors , a novel type of video descriptor that significantly outperforms trajector ←
→ inference of global clusters from locally distributed data ; we consider the problem of analyzing the heterogeneity of clustering distributions for multiple groups of observed data , each of which is indexed by a covariate value , and inferring global clusters arising from observations aggregated over the covariate domain . we propose a novel bayesian nonparametric method reposing on the formalism of spatial modeling and a nested hierarchy of dirichlet processes . we provide an analysis of the model properties ,←
→ languages cool as they expand : allometric scaling and the decreasing need for new words ; we analyze the occurrence frequencies of over 15 million words recorded in millions of books published during the past two centuries in seven different languages . for all languages and chronological subsets of the data we confirm that two scaling regimes characterize the word frequency distributions , with only the more common words obeying the classic zipf law . using corpora of unprecedented size , we test the allomet ←
→ compressed constraints in probabilistic logic and their revision ; in probabilistic logic entailments , even moderate size problems can yield linear constraint systems with so many variables that exact methods are impractical . this difficulty can be remedied in many cases of interest by introducing a three valued logic ( true , false , and " don ' t care "). the three - valued approach allows the construction of " compressed " constraint systems which have the same solution sets as their two - valued counterparts , but wh ←
→ harnessing disordered quantum dynamics for machine learning ; quantum computer has an amazing potential of fast information processing . however , realisation of a digital quantum computer is still a challenging problem requiring highly accurate controls and key application strategies . here we propose a novel platform , quantum reservoir computing , to solve these issues successfully by exploiting natural quantum dynamics , which is ubiquitous in laboratories nowadays , for machine learning . in this framework , no ←
→ the ciona17 dataset for semantic segmentation of invasive species in a marine aquaculture environment ; an original dataset for semantic segmentation , ciona17 , is introduced , which to the best of the authors ' knowledge , is the first dataset of its kind with pixel - level annotations pertaining to invasive species in a marine environment . diverse outdoor illumination , a range of object shapes , colour , and severe occlusion provide a significant real world challenge for the computer vision community . an accomp ←
→ systematic study of color spaces and components for the segmentation of sky / cloud images ; sky / cloud imaging using ground - based whole sky imagers ( wsi ) is a cost - effective means to understanding cloud cover and weather patterns . the accurate segmentation of clouds in these images is a challenging task , as clouds do not possess any clear structure . several algorithms using different color models have been proposed in the literature . this paper presents a systematic approach for the selection of color space ←
→ rearrangement with nonprehensile manipulation using deep reinforcement learning ; rearranging objects on a tabletop surface by means of nonprehensile manipulation is a task which requires skillful interaction with the physical world . usually , this is achieved by precisely modeling physical properties of the objects , robot , and the environment for explicit planning . in contrast , as explicitly modeling the physical environment is not always feasible and involves various uncertainties , we learn a nonprehensi ←
→ early experiences with crowdsourcing airway annotations in chest ct ; measuring airways in chest computed tomography ( ct ) images is important for characterizing diseases such as cystic fibrosis , yet very time - consuming to perform manually . machine learning algorithms offer an alternative , but need large sets of annotated data to perform well . we investigate whether crowdsourcing can be used to gather airway annotations which can serve directly for measuring the airways , or as training data for the algorithm ←
→ a new algorithm of speckle filtering using stochastic distances ; this paper presents a new approach for filter design based on stochastic distances and tests between distributions . a window is defined around each pixel , overlapping samples are compared and only those which pass a goodness - of - fit test are used to compute the filtered value . the technique is applied to intensity sar data with homogeneous regions using the gamma model . the proposal is compared with the lee ' s filter using a protocol based on m ←
→ websets : extracting sets of entities from the web using unsupervised information extraction ; we describe a open - domain information extraction method for extracting concept - instance pairs from an html corpus . most earlier approaches to this problem rely on combining clusters of distributionally similar terms and concept - instance pairs obtained with hearst patterns . in contrast , our method relies on a novel approach for clustering terms found in html tables , and then assigning concept names to these cluste ←
→ multi - stage convex relaxation for feature selection ; a number of recent work studied the effectiveness of feature selection using lasso . it is known that under the restricted isometry properties ( rip ), lasso does not generally lead to the exact recovery of the set of nonzero coefficients , due to the looseness of convex relaxation . this paper considers the feature selection property of nonconvex regularization , where the solution is given by a multi - stage convex relaxation scheme . under appropriate conditio ←
→ möbius invariants of shapes and images ; identifying when different images are of the same object despite changes caused by imaging technologies , or processes such as growth , has many applications in fields such as computer vision and biological image analysis . one approach to this problem is to identify the group of possible transformations of the object and to find invariants to the action of that group , meaning that the object has the same values of the invariants despite the action of the group . in this ←
→ calibration for stratified classification models ; in classification problems , sampling bias between training data and testing data is critical to the ranking performance of classification scores . such bias can be both unintentionally introduced by data collection and intentionally introduced by the algorithm , such as under - sampling or weighting techniques applied to imbalanced data . when such sampling bias exists , using the raw classification score to rank observations in the testing data can lead to subop ←
→ error - robust multi - view clustering ; in the era of big data , data may come from multiple sources , known as multi - view data . multi - view clustering aims at generating better clusters by exploiting complementary and consistent information from multiple views rather than relying on the individual view . due to inevitable system errors caused by data - captured sensors or others , the data in each view may be erroneous . various types of errors behave differently and inconsistently in each view . more precisely , error ←
→ in quest of image semantics : are we looking for it under the right lamppost ? ; in the last years we witness a dramatic growth of research focused on semantic image understanding . indeed , without understanding image content successful accomplishment of any image - processing task is simply incredible . up to the recent times , the ultimate need for such understanding has been met by the knowledge that a domain expert or a vision system supervisor have contributed to every image - processing application . the adve ←
→ learning transferable features with deep adaptation networks ; recent studies reveal that a deep neural network can learn transferable features which generalize well to novel tasks for domain adaptation . however , as deep features eventually transition from general to specific along the network , the feature transferability drops significantly in higher layers with increasing domain discrepancy . hence , it is important to formally reduce the dataset bias and enhance the transferability in task - specific layers .←
→ deep aesthetic quality assessment with semantic information ; human beings often assess the aesthetic quality of an image coupled with the identification of the image ' s semantic content . this paper addresses the correlation issue between automatic aesthetic quality assessment and semantic recognition . we cast the assessment problem as the main task among a multi - task deep model , and argue that semantic recognition task offers the key to address this problem . based on convolutional neural networks , we employ ←
→ computer methods for 3d motion tracking in real - time ; this thesis is devoted to marker - less 3d human motion tracking in calibrated and synchronized multicamera systems . pose estimation is based on a 3d model , which is transformed into the image plane and then rendered . owing to elaborated techniques the tracking of the full body has been achieved in real - time via dynamic optimization or dynamic bayesian filtering . the objective function of a particle swarm optimization algorithm and the observation model o ←
→ bregman iteration for correspondence problems : a study of optical flow ; bregman iterations are known to yield excellent results for denoising , deblurring and compressed sensing tasks , but so far this technique has rarely been used for other image processing problems . in this paper we give a thorough description of the bregman iteration , unifying thereby results of different authors within a common framework . then we show how to adapt the split bregman iteration , originally developed by goldstein and osher ←
→ fully convolutional network ensembles for white matter hyperintensities segmentation in mr images ; white matter hyperintensities ( wmh ) are commonly found in the brains of healthy elderly individuals and have been associated with various neurological and geriatric disorders . in this paper , we present a study using deep fully convolutional network and ensemble models to automatically detect such wmh using fluid attenuation inversion recovery ( flair ) and t1 magnetic resonance ( mr ) scans . the algorithm was e ←
→ a learning - to - infer method for real - time power grid topology identification ; identifying arbitrary topologies of power networks in real time is a computationally hard problem due to the number of hypotheses that grows exponentially with the network size . a new " learning - to - infer " variational inference method is developed for efficient inference of every line status in the network . optimizing the variational model is transformed to and solved as a discriminative learning problem based on monte carlo sampl ←
→ tell me where to look : guided attention inference network ; weakly supervised learning with only coarse labels can obtain visual explanations of deep neural network such as attention maps by back - propagating gradients . these attention maps are then available as priors for tasks such as object localization and semantic segmentation . in one common framework we address three shortcomings of previous approaches in modeling such attention maps : we ( 1 ) first time make attention maps an explicit and natural compon ←
→ proceedings of the 29th international conference on machine learning ( icml - 12 ) ; this is an index to the papers that appear in the proceedings of the 29th international conference on machine learning ( icml - 12 ). the conference was held in edinburgh , scotland , june 27th - july 3rd , 2012 .←
→ keyxtract twitter model - an essential keywords extraction model for twitter designed using nlp tools ; since a tweet is limited to 140 characters , it is ambiguous and difficult for traditional natural language processing ( nlp ) tools to analyse . this research presents keyxtract which enhances the machine learning based stanford corenlp part - of - speech ( pos ) tagger with the twitter model to extract essential keywords from a tweet . the system was developed using rule - based parsers and two corpora . the data f ←
→ can neural machine translation do simultaneous translation ? ; we investigate the potential of attention - based neural machine translation in simultaneous translation . we introduce a novel decoding algorithm , called simultaneous greedy decoding , that allows an existing neural machine translation model to begin translating before a full source sentence is received . this approach is unique from previous works on simultaneous translation in that segmentation and translation are done jointly to maximize the trans ←
→ learning to parse and translate improves neural machine translation ; there has been relatively little attention to incorporating linguistic prior to neural machine translation . much of the previous work was further constrained to considering linguistic prior on the source side . in this paper , we propose a hybrid model , called nmt + rnng , that learns to parse and translate by combining the recurrent neural network grammar into the attention - based neural machine translation . our approach encourages the neural ←
→ the entropy of keys derived from laser speckle ; laser speckle has been proposed in a number of papers as a high - entropy source of unpredictable bits for use in security applications . bit strings derived from speckle can be used for a variety of security purposes such as identification , authentication , anti - counterfeiting , secure key storage , random number generation and tamper protection . the choice of laser speckle as a source of random keys is quite natural , given the chaotic properties of speckle . howev ←
→ streaming weak submodularity : interpreting neural networks on the fly ; in many machine learning applications , it is important to explain the predictions of a black - box classifier . for example , why does a deep neural network assign an image to a particular class ? we cast interpretability of black - box classifiers as a combinatorial maximization problem and propose an efficient streaming algorithm to solve it subject to cardinality constraints . by extending ideas from badanidiyuru et al . [ 2014 ], we provide a ←
→ multi - parameter acoustic imaging of uniform objects in inhomogeneous media ; the problem studied in this paper is ultrasound image reconstruction from frequency - domain measurements of the scattered field from an object with contrast in attenuation and sound speed . the case where the object has uniform but unknown contrast in these properties relative to the background is considered . background clutter is taken into account in a physically realistic manner by considering an exact scattering model for rando ←
→ poisson subsampling algorithms for large sample linear regression in massive data ; large sample size brings the computation bottleneck for modern data analysis . subsampling is one of efficient strategies to handle this problem . in previous studies , researchers make more fo - cus on subsampling with replacement ( ssr ) than on subsampling without replacement ( sswr ). in this paper we investigate a kind of sswr , poisson subsampling ( pss ), for fast algorithm in ordinary least - square problem . we establish non - as ←
→ constrained convolutional neural networks for weakly supervised segmentation ; we present an approach to learn a dense pixel - wise labeling from image - level tags . each image - level tag imposes constraints on the output labeling of a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) classifier . we propose constrained cnn ( ccnn ), a method which uses a novel loss function to optimize for any set of linear constraints on the output space ( i . e . predicted label distribution ) of a cnn . our loss formulation is easy to optimize an ←
→ learning phrase embeddings from paraphrases with grus ; learning phrase representations has been widely explored in many natural language processing ( nlp ) tasks ( e . g ., sentiment analysis , machine translation ) and has shown promising improvements . previous studies either learn non - compositional phrase representations with general word embedding learning techniques or learn compositional phrase representations based on syntactic structures , which either require huge amounts of human annotations or cannot be e ←
→ mining user opinions in mobile app reviews : a keyword - based approach ; user reviews of mobile apps often contain complaints or suggestions which are valuable for app developers to improve user experience and satisfaction . however , due to the large volume and noisy - nature of those reviews , manually analyzing them for useful opinions is inherently challenging . to address this problem , we propose mark , a keyword - based framework for semi - automated review analysis . mark allows an analyst describing his interests ←
→ all roads lead to rome ; this short article presents a class of projection - based solution algorithms to the problem considered in the pioneering work on compressed sensing - perfect reconstruction of a phantom image from 22 radial lines in the frequency domain . under the framework of projection - based image reconstruction , we will show experimentally that several old and new tools of nonlinear filtering ( including perona - malik diffusion , nonlinear diffusion , translation - invariant thresholding and sa - dct thre ←
→ conceptualization topic modeling ; recently , topic modeling has been widely used to discover the abstract topics in text corpora . most of the existing topic models are based on the assumption of three - layer hierarchical bayesian structure , i . e . each document is modeled as a probability distribution over topics , and each topic is a probability distribution over words . however , the assumption is not optimal . intuitively , it ' s more reasonable to assume that each topic is a probability distribution over concept ←
→ deep neural networks with random gaussian weights : a universal classification strategy ? ; three important properties of a classification machinery are : ( i ) the system preserves the core information of the input data ; ( ii ) the training examples convey information about unseen data ; and ( iii ) the system is able to treat differently points from different classes . in this work we show that these fundamental properties are satisfied by the architecture of deep neural networks . we formally prove that these netw ←
→ toolnet : holistically - nested real - time segmentation of robotic surgical tools ; real - time tool segmentation from endoscopic videos is an essential part of many computer - assisted robotic surgical systems and of critical importance in robotic surgical data science . we propose two novel deep learning architectures for automatic segmentation of non - rigid surgical instruments . both methods take advantage of automated deep - learning - based multi - scale feature extraction while trying to maintain an accurate segmen ←
→ belief optimization for binary networks : a stable alternative to loopy belief propagation ; we present a novel inference algorithm for arbitrary , binary , undirected graphs . unlike loopy belief propagation , which iterates fixed point equations , we directly descend on the bethe free energy . the algorithm consists of two phases , first we update the pairwise probabilities , given the marginal probabilities at each unit , using an analytic expression . next , we update the marginal probabilities , given the pairwise ←
→ discovering conversational topics and emotions associated with demonetization tweets in india ; social media platforms contain great wealth of information which provides us opportunities explore hidden patterns or unknown correlations , and understand people ' s satisfaction with what they are discussing . as one showcase , in this paper , we summarize the data set of twitter messages related to recent demonetization of all rs . 500 and rs . 1000 notes in india and explore insights from twitter ' s data . our propos ←
→ non - linear learning for statistical machine translation ; modern statistical machine translation ( smt ) systems usually use a linear combination of features to model the quality of each translation hypothesis . the linear combination assumes that all the features are in a linear relationship and constrains that each feature interacts with the rest features in an linear manner , which might limit the expressive power of the model and lead to a under - fit model on the current data . in this paper , we propose a non ←
→ sparse covariance selection via robust maximum likelihood estimation ; we address a problem of covariance selection , where we seek a trade - off between a high likelihood against the number of non - zero elements in the inverse covariance matrix . we solve a maximum likelihood problem with a penalty term given by the sum of absolute values of the elements of the inverse covariance matrix , and allow for imposing bounds on the condition number of the solution . the problem is directly amenable to now standard inter ←
→ deep local binary patterns ; local binary pattern ( lbp ) is a traditional descriptor for texture analysis that gained attention in the last decade . being robust to several properties such as invariance to illumination translation and scaling , lbps achieved state - of - the - art results in several applications . however , lbps are not able to capture high - level features from the image , merely encoding features with low abstraction levels . in this work , we propose deep lbp , which borrow ideas from the deep learning c ←
→ su - rug at the conll - sigmorphon 2017 shared task : morphological inflection with attentional sequence - to - sequence models ; this paper describes the stockholm university / university of groningen ( su - rug ) system for the sigmorphon 2017 shared task on morphological inflection . our system is based on an attentional sequence - to - sequence neural network model using long short - term memory ( lstm ) cells , with joint training of morphological inflection and the inverse transformation , i . e . lemmatization and morphologica ←
→ distribution matching in variational inference ; the difficulties in matching the latent posterior to the prior , balancing powerful posteriors with computational efficiency , and the reduced flexibility of data likelihoods are the biggest challenges in the advancement of variational autoencoders . we show that these issues arise due to struggles in marginal divergence minimization , and explore an alternative to using conditional distributions that is inspired by generative adversarial networks . the class prob ←
→ eliciting worker preference for task completion ; current crowdsourcing platforms provide little support for worker feedback . workers are sometimes invited to post free text describing their experience and preferences in completing tasks . they can also use forums such as turker nation1 to exchange preferences on tasks and requesters . in fact , crowdsourcing platforms rely heavily on observing workers and inferring their preferences implicitly . in this work , we believe that asking workers to indicate their pr ←
→ majority vote of diverse classifiers for late fusion ; in the past few years , a lot of attention has been devoted to multimedia indexing by fusing multimodal informations . two kinds of fusion schemes are generally considered : the early fusion and the late fusion . we focus on late classifier fusion , where one combines the scores of each modality at the decision level . to tackle this problem , we investigate a recent and elegant well - founded quadratic program named mincq coming from the machine learning pac - ba ←
→ zipf ' s law emerges asymptotically during phase transitions in communicative systems ; zipf ' s law predicts a power - law relationship between word rank and frequency in language communication systems , and is widely reported in texts yet remains enigmatic as to its origins . computer simulations have shown that language communication systems emerge at an abrupt phase transition in the fidelity of mappings between symbols and objects . since the phase transition approximates the heaviside or step function , we sh ←
→ 3d object classification via spherical projections ; in this paper , we introduce a new method for classifying 3d objects . our main idea is to project a 3d object onto a spherical domain centered around its barycenter and develop neural network to classify the spherical projection . we introduce two complementary projections . the first captures depth variations of a 3d object , and the second captures contour - information viewed from different angles . spherical projections combine key advantages of two main - str ←
→ multi - objective vehicle routing problem applied to large scale post office deliveries ; the number of optimization techniques in the combinatorial domain is large and diversified . nevertheless , real - world based benchmarks for testing algorithms are few . this work creates an extensible real - world mail delivery benchmark to the vehicle routing problem ( vrp ) in a planar graph embedded in the 2d euclidean space . such problem is multi - objective on a roadmap with up to 25 vehicles and 30 , 000 deliveries per day .←
→ who ' s better , who ' s best : skill determination in video using deep ranking ; this paper presents a method for assessing skill of performance from video , for a variety of tasks , ranging from drawing to surgery and rolling dough . we formulate the problem as pairwise and overall ranking of video collections , and propose a supervised deep ranking model to learn discriminative features between pairs of videos exhibiting different amounts of skill . we utilise a two - stream temporal segment network to capture both ←
→ clustering comparable corpora of russian and ukrainian academic texts : word embeddings and semantic fingerprints ; we present our experience in applying distributional semantics ( neural word embeddings ) to the problem of representing and clustering documents in a bilingual comparable corpus . our data is a collection of russian and ukrainian academic texts , for which topics are their academic fields . in order to build language - independent semantic representations of these documents , we train neural distrib ←
→ clickbait identification using neural networks ; this paper presents the results of our participation in the clickbait detection challenge 2017 . the system relies on a fusion of neural networks , incorporating different types of available informations . it does not require any linguistic preprocessing , and hence generalizes more easily to new domains and languages . the final combined model achieves a mean squared error of 0 . 0428 , an accuracy of 0 . 826 , and a f1 score of 0 . 564 . according to the official evaluat ←
→ approximate inference algorithms for hybrid bayesian networks with discrete constraints ; in this paper , we consider hybrid mixed networks ( hmn ) which are hybrid bayesian networks that allow discrete deterministic information to be modeled explicitly in the form of constraints . we present two approximate inference algorithms for hmns that integrate and adjust well known algorithmic principles such as generalized belief propagation , rao - blackwellised importance sampling and constraint propagation to addres ←
→ deeply learning the messages in message passing inference ; deep structured output learning shows great promise in tasks like semantic image segmentation . we proffer a new , efficient deep structured model learning scheme , in which we show how deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) can be used to estimate the messages in message passing inference for structured prediction with conditional random fields ( crfs ). with such cnn message estimators , we obviate the need to learn or evaluate potential functions f ←
→$\ ell_p $- box admm : a versatile framework for integer programming ; this paper revisits the integer programming ( ip ) problem , which plays a fundamental role in many computer vision and machine learning applications . the literature abounds with many seminal works that address this problem , some focusing on continuous approaches ( e . g . linear program relaxation ) while others on discrete ones ( e . g ., min - cut ). however , a limited number of them are designed to handle the general ip form and even these methods cann ←
→ relational reasoning in the region connection calculus ; this paper is mainly concerned with the relation - algebraical aspects of the well - known region connection calculus ( rcc ). we show that the contact relation algebra ( cra ) of certain rcc model is not atomic complete and hence infinite . so in general an extensional composition table for the rcc cannot be obtained by simply refining the rcc8 relations . after having shown that each rcc model is a consistent model of the rcc11 ct , we give an exhaustive inves ←
→ lstd : a low - shot transfer detector for object detection ; recent advances in object detection are mainly driven by deep learning with large - scale detection benchmarks . however , the fully - annotated training set is often limited for a target detection task , which may deteriorate the performance of deep detectors . to address this challenge , we propose a novel low - shot transfer detector ( lstd ) in this paper , where we leverage rich source - domain knowledge to construct an effective target - domain detector with ver ←
→ collaborative autoencoder for recommender systems ; in recent years , deep neural networks have yielded state - of - the - art performance on several tasks . although some recent works have focused on combining deep learning with recommendation , we highlight three issues of existing works . first , most works perform deep content feature learning and resort to matrix factorization , which cannot effectively model the highly complex user - item interaction function . second , due to the difficulty on training deep neural n ←
→ on learning to localize objects with minimal supervision ; learning to localize objects with minimal supervision is an important problem in computer vision , since large fully annotated datasets are extremely costly to obtain . in this paper , we propose a new method that achieves this goal with only image - level labels of whether the objects are present or not . our approach combines a discriminative submodular cover problem for automatically discovering a set of positive object windows with a smoothed latent s ←
→ an egocentric look at video photographer identity ; egocentric cameras are being worn by an increasing number of users , among them many security forces worldwide . gopro cameras already penetrated the mass market , reporting substantial increase in sales every year . as head - worn cameras do not capture the photographer , it may seem that the anonymity of the photographer is preserved even when the video is publicly distributed . we show that camera motion , as can be computed from the egocentric video , provides ←
→ a linked data scalability challenge : concept reuse leads to semantic decay ; the increasing amount of available linked data resources is laying the foundations for more advanced semantic web applications . one of their main limitations , however , remains the general low level of data quality . in this paper we focus on a measure of quality which is negatively affected by the increase of the available resources . we propose a measure of semantic richness of linked data concepts and we demonstrate our hypothesi ←
→ on the ( statistical ) detection of adversarial examples ; machine learning ( ml ) models are applied in a variety of tasks such as network intrusion detection or malware classification . yet , these models are vulnerable to a class of malicious inputs known as adversarial examples . these are slightly perturbed inputs that are classified incorrectly by the ml model . the mitigation of these adversarial inputs remains an open problem . as a step towards understanding adversarial examples , we show that they are not d ←
→ wikipedia arborification and stratified explicit semantic analysis ; [ this is the translation of paper " arborification de wikip \' edia et analyse s \' emantique explicite stratifi \' ee " submitted to taln 2012 .] we present an extension of the explicit semantic analysis method by gabrilovich and markovitch . using their semantic relatedness measure , we weight the wikipedia categories graph . then , we extract a minimal spanning tree , using chu - liu & edmonds ' algorithm . we define a notion of stratified tfidf where ←
→ new probabilistic bounds on eigenvalues and eigenvectors of random kernel matrices ; kernel methods are successful approaches for different machine learning problems . this success is mainly rooted in using feature maps and kernel matrices . some methods rely on the eigenvalues / eigenvectors of the kernel matrix , while for other methods the spectral information can be used to estimate the excess risk . an important question remains on how close the sample eigenvalues / eigenvectors are to the population values .←
→ lens factory : automatic lens generation using off - the - shelf components ; custom optics is a necessity for many imaging applications . unfortunately , custom lens design is costly ( thousands to tens of thousands of dollars ), time consuming ( 10 - 12 weeks typical lead time ), and requires specialized optics design expertise . by using only inexpensive , off - the - shelf lens components the lens factory automatic design system greatly reduces cost and time . design , ordering of parts , delivery , and assembly can be comple ←
→ attention tree : learning hierarchies of visual features for large - scale image recognition ; one of the key challenges in machine learning is to design a computationally efficient multi - class classifier while maintaining the output accuracy and performance . in this paper , we present a tree - based classifier : attention tree ( atree ) for large - scale image classification that uses recursive adaboost training to construct a visual attention hierarchy . the proposed attention model is inspired from the biological ←
→ skin lesion segmentation based on preprocessing , thresholding and neural networks ; this abstract describes the segmentation system used to participate in the challenge isic 2017 : skin lesion analysis towards melanoma detection . several preprocessing techniques have been tested for three color representations ( rgb , ycbcr and hsv ) of 392 images . results have been used to choose the better preprocessing for each channel . in each case a neural network is trained to predict the jaccard index based on object c ←
→ online action detection in untrimmed , streaming videos - modeling and evaluation ; the goal of online action detection ( oad ) is to detect action in a timely manner and to recognize its action category . early works focused on early action detection , which is effectively formulated as a classification problem instead of online detection in streaming videos , because these works used partially seen short video clip that begins at the start of action . recently , researchers started to tackle the oad problem in ←
→ a critical reassessment of evolutionary algorithms on the cryptanalysis of the simplified data encryption standard algorithm ; in this paper we analyze the cryptanalysis of the simplified data encryption standard algorithm using meta - heuristics and in particular genetic algorithms . the classic fitness function when using such an algorithm is to compare n - gram statistics of a the decrypted message with those of the target message . we show that using such a function is irrelevant in case of genetic algorith ←
→ contour manifolds and optimal transport ; describing shapes by suitable measures in object segmentation , as proposed in [ 24 ], allows to combine the advantages of the representations as parametrized contours and indicator functions . the pseudo - riemannian structure of optimal transport can be used to model shapes in ways similar as with contours , while the kantorovich functional enables the application of convex optimization methods for global optimality of the segmentation functional . in this paper we prov ←
→ learning convolutional neural networks for graphs ; numerous important problems can be framed as learning from graph data . we propose a framework for learning convolutional neural networks for arbitrary graphs . these graphs may be undirected , directed , and with both discrete and continuous node and edge attributes . analogous to image - based convolutional networks that operate on locally connected regions of the input , we present a general approach to extracting locally connected regions from graphs . using es ←
→ from qualitative to quantitative probabilistic networks ; quantification is well known to be a major obstacle in the construction of a probabilistic network , especially when relying on human experts for this purpose . the construction of a qualitative probabilistic network has been proposed as an initial step in a network s quantification , since the qualitative network can be used to gain preliminary insight in the projected networks reasoning behaviour . we extend on this idea and present a new type of netwo ←
→" dave ... i can assure you ... that it ' s going to be all right ..." -- a definition , case for , and survey of algorithmic assurances in human - autonomy trust relationships ; as technology becomes more advanced , those who design , use and are otherwise affected by it want to know that it will perform correctly , and understand why it does what it does , and how to use it appropriately . in essence they want to be able to trust the systems that are being designed . in this survey we present assurances that are the me ←
→ on the identifiability of the post - nonlinear causal model ; by taking into account the nonlinear effect of the cause , the inner noise effect , and the measurement distortion effect in the observed variables , the post - nonlinear ( pnl ) causal model has demonstrated its excellent performance in distinguishing the cause from effect . however , its identifiability has not been properly addressed , and how to apply it in the case of more than two variables is also a problem . in this paper , we conduct a systematic inve ←
→ cubical cohomology ring of 3d photographs ; cohomology and cohomology ring of three - dimensional ( 3d ) objects are topological invariants that characterize holes and their relations . cohomology ring has been traditionally computed on simplicial complexes . nevertheless , cubical complexes deal directly with the voxels in 3d images , no additional triangulation is necessary , facilitating efficient algorithms for the computation of topological invariants in the image context . in this paper , we present formulas to ←
→ learning the parameters of determinantal point process kernels ; determinantal point processes ( dpps ) are well - suited for modeling repulsion and have proven useful in many applications where diversity is desired . while dpps have many appealing properties , such as efficient sampling , learning the parameters of a dpp is still considered a difficult problem due to the non - convex nature of the likelihood function . in this paper , we propose using bayesian methods to learn the dpp kernel parameters . these methods ←
→ twise at semeval - 2016 task 4 : twitter sentiment classification ; this paper describes the participation of the team " twise " in the semeval 2016 challenge . specifically , we participated in task 4 , namely " sentiment analysis in twitter " for which we implemented sentiment classification systems for subtasks a , b , c and d . our approach consists of two steps . in the first step , we generate and validate diverse feature sets for twitter sentiment evaluation , inspired by the work of participants of previous edition ←
→ two - stream flow - guided convolutional attention networks for action recognition ; this paper proposes a two - stream flow - guided convolutional attention networks for action recognition in videos . the central idea is that optical flows , when properly compensated for the camera motion , can be used to guide attention to the human foreground . we thus develop cross - link layers from the temporal network ( trained on flows ) to the spatial network ( trained on rgb frames ). these cross - link layers guide the spatial - str ←
→ hilbert space methods for reduced - rank gaussian process regression ; this paper proposes a novel scheme for reduced - rank gaussian process regression . the method is based on an approximate series expansion of the covariance function in terms of an eigenfunction expansion of the laplace operator in a compact subset of $\ mathbb { r }^ d $. on this approximate eigenbasis the eigenvalues of the covariance function can be expressed as simple functions of the spectral density of the gaussian process , which allows the g ←
→ new results for domineering from combinatorial game theory endgame databases ; we have constructed endgame databases for all single - component positions up to 15 squares for domineering , filled with exact combinatorial game theory ( cgt ) values in canonical form . the most important findings are as follows . first , as an extension of conway ' s [ 8 ] famous bridge splitting theorem for domineering , we state and prove another theorem , dubbed the bridge destroying theorem for domineering . together these two theor ←
→ learning both weights and connections for efficient neural networks ; neural networks are both computationally intensive and memory intensive , making them difficult to deploy on embedded systems . also , conventional networks fix the architecture before training starts ; as a result , training cannot improve the architecture . to address these limitations , we describe a method to reduce the storage and computation required by neural networks by an order of magnitude without affecting their accuracy by learning o ←
→ on the convergence speed of mdl predictions for bernoulli sequences ; we consider the minimum description length principle for online sequence prediction . if the underlying model class is discrete , then the total expected square loss is a particularly interesting performance measure : ( a ) this quantity is bounded , implying convergence with probability one , and ( b ) it additionally specifies a ` rate of convergence '. generally , for mdl only exponential loss bounds hold , as opposed to the linear bounds for a bay ←
→ cultural event recognition with visual convnets and temporal models ; this paper presents our contribution to the chalearn challenge 2015 on cultural event classification . the challenge in this task is to automatically classify images from 50 different cultural events . our solution is based on the combination of visual features extracted from convolutional neural networks with temporal information using a hierarchical classifier scheme . we extract visual features from the last three fully connected layers o ←
→ quantifying performance of bipedal standing with multi - channel emg ; spinal cord stimulation has enabled humans with motor complete spinal cord injury ( sci ) to independently stand and recover some lost autonomic function . quantifying the quality of bipedal standing under spinal stimulation is important for spinal rehabilitation therapies and for new strategies that seek to combine spinal stimulation and rehabilitative robots ( such as exoskeletons ) in real time feedback . to study the potential for automated ←
→ deep learning prototype domains for person re - identification ; person re - identification ( re - id ) is the task of matching multiple occurrences of the same person from different cameras , poses , lighting conditions , and a multitude of other factors which alter the visual appearance . typically , this is achieved by learning either optimal features or matching metrics which are adapted to specific pairs of camera views dictated by the pairwise labelled training datasets . in this work , we formulate a deep learning ←
→ achieving proportional representation via voting ; proportional representation ( pr ) is often discussed in voting settings as a major desideratum . for the past century or so , it is common both in practice and in the academic literature to jump to stv ( single transferable vote ) as the solution for achieving pr . some of the most prominent electoral reform movements around the globe are pushing for the adoption of stv . it has been termed a major open problem to design a voting rule that satisfies the same pr ←
→ integrating document clustering and topic modeling ; document clustering and topic modeling are two closely related tasks which can mutually benefit each other . topic modeling can project documents into a topic space which facilitates effective document clustering . cluster labels discovered by document clustering can be incorporated into topic models to extract local topics specific to each cluster and global topics shared by all clusters . in this paper , we propose a multi - grain clustering topic model ( mgct ←
→ structured inhomogeneous density map learning for crowd counting ; in this paper , we aim at tackling the problem of crowd counting in extremely high - density scenes , which contain hundreds , or even thousands of people . we begin by a comprehensive analysis of the most widely used density map - based methods , and demonstrate how easily existing methods are affected by the inhomogeneous density distribution problem , e . g ., causing them to be sensitive to outliers , or be hard to optimized . we then present an extrem ←
→ statistical modality tagging from rule - based annotations and crowdsourcing ; we explore training an automatic modality tagger . modality is the attitude that a speaker might have toward an event or state . one of the main hurdles for training a linguistic tagger is gathering training data . this is particularly problematic for training a tagger for modality because modality triggers are sparse for the overwhelming majority of sentences . we investigate an approach to automatically training a modality tagger w ←
→ lexicalized stochastic modeling of constraint - based grammars using log - linear measures and em training ; we present a new approach to stochastic modeling of constraint - based grammars that is based on log - linear models and uses em for estimation from unannotated data . the techniques are applied to an lfg grammar for german . evaluation on an exact match task yields 86 % precision for an ambiguity rate of 5 . 4 , and 90 % precision on a subcat frame match for an ambiguity rate of 25 . experimental comparison to tr ←
→ transferring landmark annotations for cross - dataset face alignment ; dataset bias is a well known problem in object recognition domain . this issue , nonetheless , is rarely explored in face alignment research . in this study , we show that dataset plays an integral part of face alignment performance . specifically , owing to face alignment dataset bias , training on one database and testing on another or unseen domain would lead to poor performance . creating an unbiased dataset through combining various existing d ←
→ a generalized multivariate student - t mixture model for bayesian classification and clustering of radar waveforms ; in this paper , a generalized multivariate student - t mixture model is developed for classification and clustering of low probability of intercept radar waveforms . a low probability of intercept radar signal is characterized by a pulse compression waveform which is either frequency - modulated or phase - modulated . the proposed model can classify and cluster different modulation types such as linea ←
→ leading tree in dpclus and its impact on building hierarchies ; this paper reveals the tree structure as an intermediate result of clustering by fast search and find of density peaks ( dpclus ), and explores the power of using this tree to perform hierarchical clustering . the array used to hold the index of the nearest higher - densitied object for each object can be transformed into a leading tree ( lt ), in which each parent node p leads its child nodes to join the same cluster as p itself , and the child nodes ←
→ application of multifractal analysis to segmentation of water bodies in optical and synthetic aperture radar satellite images ; a method for segmenting water bodies in optical and synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) satellite images is proposed . it makes use of the textural features of the different regions in the image for segmentation . the method consists in a multiscale analysis of the images , which allows us to study the images regularity both , locally and globally . as results of the analysis , coarse multi ←
→ a robust linguistic platform for efficient and domain specific web content analysis ; web semantic access in specific domains calls for specialized search engines with enhanced semantic querying and indexing capacities , which pertain both to information retrieval ( ir ) and to information extraction ( ie ). a rich linguistic analysis is required either to identify the relevant semantic units to index and weight them according to linguistic specific statistical distribution , or as the basis of an information e ←
→ predicting central topics in a blog corpus from a networks perspective ; in today ' s content - centric internet , blogs are becoming increasingly popular and important from a data analysis perspective . according to wikipedia , there were over 156 million public blogs on the internet as of february 2011 . blogs are a reflection of our contemporary society . the contents of different blog posts are important from social , psychological , economical and political perspectives . discovery of important topics in the blogo ←
→ adaptive smoothing in fmri data processing neural networks ; functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) relies on multi - step data processing pipelines to accurately determine brain activity ; among them , the crucial step of spatial smoothing . these pipelines are commonly suboptimal , given the local optimisation strategy they use , treating each step in isolation . with the advent of new tools for deep learning , recent work has proposed to turn these pipelines into end - to - end learning networks . this change of ←
→ deep multi - spectral registration using invariant descriptor learning ; in this paper , we introduce a novel deep - learning method to align cross - spectral images . our approach relies on a learned descriptor which is invariant to different spectra . multi - modal images of the same scene capture different signals and therefore their registration is challenging and it is not solved by classic approaches . to that end , we developed a feature - based approach that solves the visible ( vis ) to near - infra - red ( nir ) registr ←
→ biosimplify : an open source sentence simplification engine to improve recall in automatic biomedical information extraction ; biosimplify is an open source tool written in java that introduces and facilitates the use of a novel model for sentence simplification tuned for automatic discourse analysis and information extraction ( as opposed to sentence simplification for improving human readability ). the model is based on a " shot - gun " approach that produces many different ( simpler ) versions of the original s ←
→ robust sfm with little image overlap ; usual structure - from - motion ( sfm ) techniques require at least trifocal overlaps to calibrate cameras and reconstruct a scene . we consider here scenarios of reduced image sets with little overlap , possibly as low as two images at most seeing the same part of the scene . we propose a new method , based on line coplanarity hypotheses , for estimating the relative scale of two independent bifocal calibrations sharing a camera , without the need of any trifocal information or m ←
→ the minimal cost algorithm for off - line diagnosability of discrete event systems ; the failure diagnosis for {\ it discrete event systems } ( dess ) has been given considerable attention in recent years . both on - line and off - line diagnostics in the framework of dess was first considered by lin feng in 1994 , and particularly an algorithm for diagnosability of dess was presented . motivated by some existing problems to be overcome in previous work , in this paper , we investigate the minimal cost algorithm for dia ←
→ cc - golog : towards more realistic logic - based robot controllers ; high - level robot controllers in realistic domains typically deal with processes which operate concurrently , change the world continuously , and where the execution of actions is event - driven as in `` charge the batteries as soon as the voltage level is low ''. while non - logic - based robot control languages are well suited to express such scenarios , they fare poorly when it comes to projecting , in a conspicuous way , how the world evolves when actio ←
→ stopping criteria in contrastive divergence : alternatives to the reconstruction error ; restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ) are general unsupervised learning devices to ascertain generative models of data distributions . rbms are often trained using the contrastive divergence learning algorithm ( cd ), an approximation to the gradient of the data log - likelihood . a simple reconstruction error is often used to decide whether the approximation provided by the cd algorithm is good enough , though several authors ←
→ ball - scale based hierarchical multi - object recognition in 3d medical images ; this paper investigates , using prior shape models and the concept of ball scale ( b - scale ), ways of automatically recognizing objects in 3d images without performing elaborate searches or optimization . that is , the goal is to place the model in a single shot close to the right pose ( position , orientation , and scale ) in a given image so that the model boundaries fall in the close vicinity of object boundaries in the image . this is ←
→ working hard to know your neighbor ' s margins : local descriptor learning loss ; we introduce a novel loss for learning local feature descriptors which is inspired by the lowe ' s matching criterion for sift . we show that the proposed loss that maximizes the distance between the closest positive and closest negative patch in the batch is better than complex regularization methods ; it works well for both shallow and deep convolution network architectures . applying the novel loss to the l2net cnn architecture r ←
→ feature overwriting as a finite mixture process : evidence from comprehension data ; the ungrammatical sentence " the key to the cabinets are on the table " is known to lead to an illusion of grammaticality . as discussed in the meta - analysis by jaeger et al ., 2017 , faster reading times are observed at the verb are in the agreement - attraction sentence above compared to the equally ungrammatical sentence " the key to the cabinet are on the table ". one explanation for this facilitation effect is the feature perc ←
→ encoding higher level extensions of petri nets in answer set programming ; answering realistic questions about biological systems and pathways similar to the ones used by text books to test understanding of students about biological systems is one of our long term research goals . often these questions require simulation based reasoning . to answer such questions , we need formalisms to build pathway models , add extensions , simulate , and reason with them . we chose petri nets and answer set programming ( asp ) as ←
→ distant ie by bootstrapping using lists and document structure ; distant labeling for information extraction ( ie ) suffers from noisy training data . we describe a way of reducing the noise associated with distant ie by identifying coupling constraints between potential instance labels . as one example of coupling , items in a list are likely to have the same label . a second example of coupling comes from analysis of document structure : in some corpora , sections can be identified such that items in the same sec ←
→ poseagent : budget - constrained 6d object pose estimation via reinforcement learning ; state - of - the - art computer vision algorithms often achieve efficiency by making discrete choices about which hypotheses to explore next . this allows allocation of computational resources to promising candidates , however , such decisions are non - differentiable . as a result , these algorithms are hard to train in an end - to - end fashion . in this work we propose to learn an efficient algorithm for the task of 6d object pose estim ←
→ clustering on multi - layer graphs via subspace analysis on grassmann manifolds ; relationships between entities in datasets are often of multiple nature , like geographical distance , social relationships , or common interests among people in a social network , for example . this information can naturally be modeled by a set of weighted and undirected graphs that form a global multilayer graph , where the common vertex set represents the entities and the edges on different layers capture the similarities of the ←
→ attribute2image : conditional image generation from visual attributes ; this paper investigates a novel problem of generating images from visual attributes . we model the image as a composite of foreground and background and develop a layered generative model with disentangled latent variables that can be learned end - to - end using a variational auto - encoder . we experiment with natural images of faces and birds and demonstrate that the proposed models are capable of generating realistic and diverse samples with ←
→ publishing and linking transport data on the web ; without linked data , transport data is limited to applications exclusively around transport . in this paper , we present a workflow for publishing and linking transport data on the web . so we will be able to develop transport applications and to add other features which will be created from other datasets . this will be possible because transport data will be linked to these datasets . we apply this workflow to two datasets : neptune , a french standard describin ←
→ propositional knowledge representation in restricted boltzmann machines ; representing symbolic knowledge into a connectionist network is the key element for the integration of scalable learning and sound reasoning . most of the previous studies focus on discriminative neural networks which unnecessarily require a separation of input / output variables . recent development of generative neural networks such as restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ) has shown a capability of learning semantic abstractions directly ←
→ gradient descent gan optimization is locally stable ; despite the growing prominence of generative adversarial networks ( gans ), optimization in gans is still a poorly understood topic . in this paper , we analyze the " gradient descent " form of gan optimization i . e ., the natural setting where we simultaneously take small gradient steps in both generator and discriminator parameters . we show that even though gan optimization does not correspond to a convex - concave game ( even for simple parameterizations ), under ←
→ recurrent network models for human dynamics ; we propose the encoder - recurrent - decoder ( erd ) model for recognition and prediction of human body pose in videos and motion capture . the erd model is a recurrent neural network that incorporates nonlinear encoder and decoder networks before and after recurrent layers . we test instantiations of erd architectures in the tasks of motion capture ( mocap ) generation , body pose labeling and body pose forecasting in videos . our model handles mocap training data across m ←
→ skin texture recognition using neural networks ; skin recognition is used in many applications ranging from algorithms for face detection , hand gesture analysis , and to objectionable image filtering . in this work a skin recognition system was developed and tested . while many skin segmentation algorithms relay on skin color , our work relies on both skin color and texture features ( features derives from the glcm ) to give a better and more efficient recognition accuracy of skin textures . we used feed forward n ←
→ normface : l2 hypersphere embedding for face verification ; thanks to the recent developments of convolutional neural networks , the performance of face verification methods has increased rapidly . in a typical face verification method , feature normalization is a critical step for boosting performance . this motivates us to introduce and study the effect of normalization during training . but we find this is non - trivial , despite normalization being differentiable . we identify and study four issues related to nor ←
→ performance limits of dictionary learning for sparse coding ; we consider the problem of dictionary learning under the assumption that the observed signals can be represented as sparse linear combinations of the columns of a single large dictionary matrix . in particular , we analyze the minimax risk of the dictionary learning problem which governs the mean squared error ( mse ) performance of any learning scheme , regardless of its computational complexity . by following an established information - theoretic meth ←
→ sequence - to - sequence learning as beam - search optimization ; sequence - to - sequence ( seq2seq ) modeling has rapidly become an important general - purpose nlp tool that has proven effective for many text - generation and sequence - labeling tasks . seq2seq builds on deep neural language modeling and inherits its remarkable accuracy in estimating local , next - word distributions . in this work , we introduce a model and beam - search training scheme , based on the work of daume iii and marcu ( 2005 ), that extends seq2seq to lea ←
→ the acrv picking benchmark ( apb ): a robotic shelf picking benchmark to foster reproducible research ; robotic challenges like the amazon picking challenge ( apc ) or the darpa challenges are an established and important way to drive scientific progress . they make research comparable on a well - defined benchmark with equal test conditions for all participants . however , such challenge events occur only occasionally , are limited to a small number of contestants , and the test conditions are very difficult to rep ←
→ rule - based emotion detection on social media : putting tweets on plutchik ' s wheel ; we study sentiment analysis beyond the typical granularity of polarity and instead use plutchik ' s wheel of emotions model . we introduce rbem - emo as an extension to the rule - based emission model algorithm to deduce such emotions from human - written messages . we evaluate our approach on two different datasets and compare its performance with the current state - of - the - art techniques for emotion detection , including a recursive a ←
→ planning under continuous time and resource uncertainty : a challenge for ai ; we outline a class of problems , typical of mars rover operations , that are problematic for current methods of planning under uncertainty . the existing methods fail because they suffer from one or more of the following limitations : 1 ) they rely on very simple models of actions and time , 2 ) they assume that uncertainty is manifested in discrete action outcomes , 3 ) they are only practical for very small problems . for many real worl ←
→ convolutional networks for fast , energy - efficient neuromorphic computing ; deep networks are now able to achieve human - level performance on a broad spectrum of recognition tasks . independently , neuromorphic computing has now demonstrated unprecedented energy - efficiency through a new chip architecture based on spiking neurons , low precision synapses , and a scalable communication network . here , we demonstrate that neuromorphic computing , despite its novel architectural primitives , can implement deep convoluti ←
→ the low - rank hurdle model ; a composite loss framework is proposed for low - rank modeling of data consisting of interesting and common values , such as excess zeros or missing values . the methodology is motivated by the generalized low - rank framework and the hurdle method which is commonly used to analyze zero - inflated counts . the model is demonstrated on a manufacturing data set and applied to the problem of missing value imputation .←
→ phase - error estimation and image reconstruction from digital - holography data using a bayesian framework ; the estimation of phase errors from digital - holography data is critical for applications such as imaging or wave - front sensing . conventional techniques require multiple i . i . d . data and perform poorly in the presence of high noise or large phase errors . in this paper we propose a method to estimate isoplanatic phase errors from a single data realization . we develop a model - based iterative reconstructio ←
→ from behavior to sparse graphical games : efficient recovery of equilibria ; in this paper we study the problem of exact recovery of the pure - strategy nash equilibria ( psne ) set of a graphical game from noisy observations of joint actions of the players alone . we consider sparse linear influence games --- a parametric class of graphical games with linear payoffs , and represented by directed graphs of n nodes ( players ) and in - degree of at most k . we present an $\ ell_1 $- regularized logistic regression based ←
→ 2d path solutions from a single layer excitable cnn model ; an easily implementable path solution algorithm for 2d spatial problems , based on excitable / programmable characteristics of a specific cellular nonlinear network ( cnn ) model is presented and numerically investigated . the network is a single layer bioinspired model which was also implemented in cmos technology . it exhibits excitable characteristics with regionally bistable cells . the related response realizes propagations of trigger autowaves , where ←
→ shuffle and learn : unsupervised learning using temporal order verification ; in this paper , we present an approach for learning a visual representation from the raw spatiotemporal signals in videos . our representation is learned without supervision from semantic labels . we formulate our method as an unsupervised sequential verification task , i . e ., we determine whether a sequence of frames from a video is in the correct temporal order . with this simple task and no semantic labels , we learn a powerful visua ←
→ monocular depth estimation with hierarchical fusion of dilated cnns and soft - weighted - sum inference ; monocular depth estimation is a challenging task in complex compositions depicting multiple objects of diverse scales . albeit the recent great progress thanks to the deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), the state - of - the - art monocular depth estimation methods still fall short to handle such real - world challenging scenarios . in this paper , we propose a deep end - to - end learning framework to tackle thes ←
→ enhancing constraint propagation with composition operators ; constraint propagation is a general algorithmic approach for pruning the search space of a csp . in a uniform way , k . r . apt has defined a computation as an iteration of reduction functions over a domain . he has also demonstrated the need for integrating static properties of reduction functions ( commutativity and semi - commutativity ) to design specialized algorithms such as ac3 and dac . we introduce here a set of operators for modeling compositions ←
→ recovering dense tissue multispectral signal from in vivo rgb images ; hyperspectral / multispectral imaging ( hsi / msi ) contains rich information clinical applications , such as 1 ) narrow band imaging for vascular visualisation ; 2 ) oxygen saturation for intraoperative perfusion monitoring and clinical decision making [ 1 ]; 3 ) tissue classification and identification of pathology [ 2 ]. the current systems which provide pixel - level hsi / msi signal can be generally divided into two types : spatial scanning and spectra ←
→ solving the " false positives " problem in fraud prediction ; in this paper , we present an automated feature engineering based approach to dramatically reduce false positives in fraud prediction . false positives plague the fraud prediction industry . it is estimated that only 1 in 5 declared as fraud are actually fraud and roughly 1 in every 6 customers have had a valid transaction declined in the past year . to address this problem , we use the deep feature synthesis algorithm to automatically derive behavioral ←
→ tag relevance fusion for social image retrieval ; due to the subjective nature of social tagging , measuring the relevance of social tags with respect to the visual content is crucial for retrieving the increasing amounts of social - networked images . witnessing the limit of a single measurement of tag relevance , we introduce in this paper tag relevance fusion as an extension to methods for tag relevance estimation . we present a systematic study , covering tag relevance fusion in early and late stages , and in s ←
→ subjectivity , bayesianism , and causality ; bayesian probability theory is one of the most successful frameworks to model reasoning under uncertainty . its defining property is the interpretation of probabilities as degrees of belief in propositions about the state of the world relative to an inquiring subject . this essay examines the notion of subjectivity by drawing parallels between lacanian theory and bayesian probability theory , and concludes that the latter must be enriched with causal interventions to ←
→ shortfuse : biomedical time series representations in the presence of structured information ; in healthcare applications , temporal variables that encode movement , health status and longitudinal patient evolution are often accompanied by rich structured information such as demographics , diagnostics and medical exam data . however , current methods do not jointly optimize over structured covariates and time series in the feature extraction process . we present shortfuse , a method that boosts the accuracy of de ←
→ hps : a hierarchical persian stemming method ; in this paper , a novel hierarchical persian stemming approach based on the part - of - speech of the word in a sentence is presented . the implemented stemmer includes hash tables and several deterministic finite automata in its different levels of hierarchy for removing the prefixes and suffixes of the words . we had two intentions in using hash tables in our method . the first one is that the dfa don ' t support some special words , so hash table can partly solve the ad ←
→ small - footprint deep neural networks with highway connections for speech recognition ; for speech recognition , deep neural networks ( dnns ) have significantly improved the recognition accuracy in most of benchmark datasets and application domains . however , compared to the conventional gaussian mixture models , dnn - based acoustic models usually have much larger number of model parameters , making it challenging for their applications in resource constrained platforms , e . g ., mobile devices . in this paper , we s ←
→ robust gait recognition by integrating inertial and rgbd sensors ; gait has been considered as a promising and unique biometric for person identification . traditionally , gait data are collected using either color sensors , such as a ccd camera , depth sensors , such as a microsoft kinect , or inertial sensors , such as an accelerometer . however , a single type of sensors may only capture part of the dynamic gait features and make the gait recognition sensitive to complex covariate conditions , leading to fragile g ←
→ mist : missing person intelligence synthesis toolkit ; each day , approximately 500 missing persons cases occur that go unsolved / unresolved in the united states . the non - profit organization known as the find me group ( fmg ), led by former law enforcement professionals , is dedicated to solving or resolving these cases . this paper introduces the missing person intelligence synthesis toolkit ( mist ) which leverages a data - driven variant of geospatial abductive inference . this system takes search locations provided ←
→ on the non - monotonic description logic $\ mathcal { alc }$+ t $ _ {\ mathsf { min }}$ ; in the last 20 years many proposals have been made to incorporate non - monotonic reasoning into description logics , ranging from approaches based on default logic and circumscription to those based on preferential semantics . in particular , the non - monotonic description logic $\ mathcal { alc }$+ t $ _ {\ mathsf { min }}$ uses a combination of the preferential semantics with minimization of a certain kind of concepts , which represent atypical i ←
→ semi - supervised learning with regularized laplacian ; we study a semi - supervised learning method based on the similarity graph and regularizedlaplacian . we give convenient optimization formulation of the regularized laplacian method and establishits various properties . in particular , we show that the kernel of the methodcan be interpreted in terms of discrete and continuous time random walks and possesses several importantproperties of proximity measures . both optimization and linear algebra methods can be ←
→ recursive neural networks can learn logical semantics ; tree - structured recursive neural networks ( treernns ) for sentence meaning have been successful for many applications , but it remains an open question whether the fixed - length representations that they learn can support tasks as demanding as logical deduction . we pursue this question by evaluating whether two such models --- plain treernns and tree - structured neural tensor networks ( treerntns )--- can correctly learn to identify logical relationships such a ←
→ memcomputing numerical inversion with self - organizing logic gates ; we propose to use digital memcomputing machines ( dmms ), implemented with self - organizing logic gates ( solgs ), to solve the problem of numerical inversion . starting from fixed - point scalar inversion we describe the generalization to solving linear systems and matrix inversion . this method , when realized in hardware , will output the result in only one computational step . as an example , we perform simulations of the scalar case using a 5 - bit l ←
→ document clustering evaluation : divergence from a random baseline ; divergence from a random baseline is a technique for the evaluation of document clustering . it ensures cluster quality measures are performing work that prevents ineffective clusterings from giving high scores to clusterings that provide no useful result . these concepts are defined and analysed using intrinsic and extrinsic approaches to the evaluation of document cluster quality . this includes the classical clusters to categories approach ←
→ a bayesian matrix factorization model for relational data ; relational learning can be used to augment one data source with other correlated sources of information , to improve predictive accuracy . we frame a large class of relational learning problems as matrix factorization problems , and propose a hierarchical bayesian model . training our bayesian model using random - walk metropolis - hastings is impractically slow , and so we develop a block metropolis - hastings sampler which uses the gradient and hessian of t ←
→ exploiting 2d floorplan for building - scale panorama rgbd alignment ; this paper presents a novel algorithm that utilizes a 2d floorplan to align panorama rgbd scans . while effective panorama rgbd alignment techniques exist , such a system requires extremely dense rgbd image sampling . our approach can significantly reduce the number of necessary scans with the aid of a floorplan image . we formulate a novel markov random field inference problem as a scan placement over the floorplan , as opposed to the conventi ←
→ read - bad : a new dataset and evaluation scheme for baseline detection in archival documents ; text line detection is crucial for any application associated with automatic text recognition or keyword spotting . modern algorithms perform good on well - established datasets since they either comprise clean data or simple / homogeneous page layouts . we have collected and annotated 2036 archival document images from different locations and time periods . the dataset contains varying page layouts and degradations that ←
→ handling equality constraints by adaptive relaxing rule for swarm algorithms ; the adaptive constraints relaxing rule for swarm algorithms to handle with the problems with equality constraints is presented . the feasible space of such problems may be similiar to ridge function class , which is hard for applying swarm algorithms . to enter the solution space more easily , the relaxed quasi feasible space is introduced and shrinked adaptively . the experimental results on benchmark functions are compared with th ←
→ a neuron based switch : application to low power mixed signal circuits ; human brain is functionally and physically complex . this ' complexity ' can be seen as a result of biological design process involving extensive use of concepts such as modularity and hierarchy . over the past decade , deeper insights into the functioning of cortical neurons have led to the development of models that can be implemented in hardware . the implementation of biologically inspired spiking neuron networks in silicon can provide so ←
→ the statistics of streaming sparse regression ; we present a sparse analogue to stochastic gradient descent that is guaranteed to perform well under similar conditions to the lasso . in the linear regression setup with irrepresentable noise features , our algorithm recovers the support set of the optimal parameter vector with high probability , and achieves a statistically quasi - optimal rate of convergence of op ( k log ( d )/ t ), where k is the sparsity of the solution , d is the number of features , and t is the num ←
→ is getting the right answer just about choosing the right words ? the role of syntactically - informed features in short answer scoring ; developments in the educational landscape have spurred greater interest in the problem of automatically scoring short answer questions . a recent shared task on this topic revealed a fundamental divide in the modeling approaches that have been applied to this problem , with the best - performing systems split between those that employ a knowledge engineering approach and those ←
→ deep learning works in practice . but does it work in theory ? ; deep learning relies on a very specific kind of neural networks : those superposing several neural layers . in the last few years , deep learning achieved major breakthroughs in many tasks such as image analysis , speech recognition , natural language processing , and so on . yet , there is no theoretical explanation of this success . in particular , it is not clear why the deeper the network , the better it actually performs . we argue that the explanati ←
→ unsupervised decision forest for data clustering and density estimation ; an algorithm to improve performance parameter for unsupervised decision forest clustering and density estimation is presented . specifically , a dual assignment parameter is introduced as a density estimator by combining random forest and gaussian mixture model . the random forest method has been specifically applied to construct a robust affinity graph that provides information on the underlying structure of data objects used in cluster ←
→ entropy rate estimation for markov chains with large state space ; estimating the entropy based on data is one of the prototypical problems in distribution property testing and estimation . for estimating the shannon entropy of a distribution on $ s $ elements with independent samples , [ paninski2004 ] showed that the sample complexity is sublinear in $ s $, and [ valiant -- valiant2011 ] showed that consistent estimation of shannon entropy is possible if and only if the sample size $ n $ far exceeds $\ frac { s }{\ log s }$.←
→ learning - assisted theorem proving with millions of lemmas ; large formal mathematical libraries consist of millions of atomic inference steps that give rise to a corresponding number of proved statements ( lemmas ). analogously to the informal mathematical practice , only a tiny fraction of such statements is named and re - used in later proofs by formal mathematicians . in this work , we suggest and implement criteria defining the estimated usefulness of the hol light lemmas for proving further theorems . we use t ←
→ sequence graph transform ( sgt ): a feature extraction function for sequence data mining ( extended version ) ; the ubiquitous presence of sequence data across fields such as the web , healthcare , bioinformatics , and text mining has made sequence mining a vital research area . however , sequence mining is particularly challenging because of difficulty in finding ( dis ) similarity / distance between sequences . this is because a distance measure between sequences is not obvious due to their unstructuredness --- arbitrar ←
→ overcoming exploration in reinforcement learning with demonstrations ; exploration in environments with sparse rewards has been a persistent problem in reinforcement learning ( rl ). many tasks are natural to specify with a sparse reward , and manually shaping a reward function can result in suboptimal performance . however , finding a non - zero reward is exponentially more difficult with increasing task horizon or action dimensionality . this puts many real - world tasks out of practical reach of rl methods . in thi ←
→ evolutionary method for finding communities in bipartite networks ; an important step in unveiling the relation between network structure and dynamics defined on networks is to detect communities , and numerous methods have been developed separately to identify community structure in different classes of networks , such as unipartite networks , bipartite networks , and directed networks . we show that both unipartite and directed networks can be represented as bipartite networks , and their modularity is complete ←
→ semi - supervised affective meaning lexicon expansion using semantic and distributed word representations ; in this paper , we propose an extension to graph - based sentiment lexicon induction methods by incorporating distributed and semantic word representations in building the similarity graph to expand a three - dimensional sentiment lexicon . we also implemented and evaluated the label propagation using four different word representations and similarity metrics . our comprehensive evaluation of the four approa ←
→$ k $- mle : a fast algorithm for learning statistical mixture models ; we describe $ k $- mle , a fast and efficient local search algorithm for learning finite statistical mixtures of exponential families such as gaussian mixture models . mixture models are traditionally learned using the expectation - maximization ( em ) soft clustering technique that monotonically increases the incomplete ( expected complete ) likelihood . given prescribed mixture weights , the hard clustering $ k $- mle algorithm iteratively assigns data t ←
→ evolution of swarm robotics systems with novelty search ; novelty search is a recent artificial evolution technique that challenges traditional evolutionary approaches . in novelty search , solutions are rewarded based on their novelty , rather than their quality with respect to a predefined objective . the lack of a predefined objective precludes premature convergence caused by a deceptive fitness function . in this paper , we apply novelty search combined with neat to the evolution of neural controllers for hom ←
→ local support vector machines : formulation and analysis ; we provide a formulation for local support vector machines ( lsvms ) that generalizes previous formulations , and brings out the explicit connections to local polynomial learning used in nonparametric estimation literature . we investigate the simplest type of lsvms called local linear support vector machines ( llsvms ). for the first time we establish conditions under which llsvms make bayes consistent predictions at each test point $ x_0 $. we also establis ←
→ the self - organization of speech sounds ; the speech code is a vehicle of language : it defines a set of forms used by a community to carry information . such a code is necessary to support the linguistic interactions that allow humans to communicate . how then may a speech code be formed prior to the existence of linguistic interactions ? moreover , the human speech code is discrete and compositional , shared by all the individuals of a community but different across communities , and phoneme inventories are chara ←
→ global - scale phylogenetic linguistic inference from lexical resources ; automatic phylogenetic inference plays an increasingly important role in computational historical linguistics . most pertinent work is currently based on expert cognate judgments . this limits the scope of this approach to a small number of well - studied language families . we used machine learning techniques to compile data suitable for phylogenetic inference from the asjp database , a collection of almost 7 , 000 phonetically transcribed wor ←
→ fourier pca and robust tensor decomposition ; fourier pca is principal component analysis of a matrix obtained from higher order derivatives of the logarithm of the fourier transform of a distribution . we make this method algorithmic by developing a tensor decomposition method for a pair of tensors sharing the same vectors in rank -$ 1 $ decompositions . our main application is the first provably polynomial - time algorithm for underdetermined ica , i . e ., learning an $ n \ times m $ matrix $ a $ from observations $ y = ax $←
→ towards abstraction from extraction : multiple timescale gated recurrent unit for summarization ; in this work , we introduce temporal hierarchies to the sequence to sequence ( seq2seq ) model to tackle the problem of abstractive summarization of scientific articles . the proposed multiple timescale model of the gated recurrent unit ( mtgru ) is implemented in the encoder - decoder setting to better deal with the presence of multiple compositionalities in larger texts . the proposed model is compared to the convent ←
→ learning to optimize via posterior sampling ; this paper considers the use of a simple posterior sampling algorithm to balance between exploration and exploitation when learning to optimize actions such as in multi - armed bandit problems . the algorithm , also known as thompson sampling , offers significant advantages over the popular upper confidence bound ( ucb ) approach , and can be applied to problems with finite or infinite action spaces and complicated relationships among action rewards . we make two theoret ←
→ changing model behavior at test - time using reinforcement learning ; machine learning models are often used at test - time subject to constraints and trade - offs not present at training - time . for example , a computer vision model operating on an embedded device may need to perform real - time inference , or a translation model operating on a cell phone may wish to bound its average compute time in order to be power - efficient . in this work we describe a mixture - of - experts model and show how to change its test - time r ←
→ reinforcement learning in rich - observation mdps using spectral methods ; designing effective exploration - exploitation algorithms in markov decision processes ( mdps ) with large state - action spaces is the main challenge in reinforcement learning ( rl ). in fact , the learning performance degrades with the number of states and actions in the mdp . however , mdps often exhibit a low - dimensional latent structure in practice , where a small hidden state is observable through a possibly large number of observations . in ←
→ entity linking with people entity on wikipedia ; this paper introduces a new model that uses named entity recognition , coreference resolution , and entity linking techniques , to approach the task of linking people entities on wikipedia people pages to their corresponding wikipedia pages if applicable . our task is different from general and traditional entity linking because we are working in a limited domain , namely , people entities , and we are including pronouns as entities , whereas in the past , pronouns we ←
→ conversion of artificial recurrent neural networks to spiking neural networks for low - power neuromorphic hardware ; in recent years the field of neuromorphic low - power systems that consume orders of magnitude less power gained significant momentum . however , their wider use is still hindered by the lack of algorithms that can harness the strengths of such architectures . while neuromorphic adaptations of representation learning algorithms are now emerging , efficient processing of temporal sequences or varia ←
→ guiding infogan with semi - supervision ; in this paper we propose a new semi - supervised gan architecture ( ss - infogan ) for image synthesis that leverages information from few labels ( as little as 0 . 22 %, max . 10 % of the dataset ) to learn semantically meaningful and controllable data representations where latent variables correspond to label categories . the architecture builds on information maximizing generative adversarial networks ( infogan ) and is shown to learn both continuous and categorical codes and achi ←
→ near - infrared image dehazing via color regularization ; near - infrared imaging can capture haze - free near - infrared gray images and visible color images , according to physical scattering models , e . g ., rayleigh or mie models . however , there exist serious discrepancies in brightness and image structures between the near - infrared gray images and the visible color images . the direct use of the near - infrared gray images brings about another color distortion problem in the dehazed images . therefore , the color disto ←
→ x - ray in - depth decomposition : revealing the latent structures ; x - ray radiography is the most readily available imaging modality and has a broad range of applications that spans from diagnosis to intra - operative guidance in cardiac , orthopedics , and trauma procedures . proper interpretation of the hidden and obscured anatomy in x - ray images remains a challenge and often requires high radiation dose and imaging from several perspectives . in this work , we aim at decomposing the conventional x - ray image into d ←
→ deep learning markov random field for semantic segmentation ; semantic segmentation tasks can be well modeled by markov random field ( mrf ). this paper addresses semantic segmentation by incorporating high - order relations and mixture of label contexts into mrf . unlike previous works that optimized mrfs using iterative algorithm , we solve mrf by proposing a convolutional neural network ( cnn ), namely deep parsing network ( dpn ), which enables deterministic end - to - end computation in a single forward pass . specif ←
→ degeneration in vae : in the light of fisher information loss ; variational autoencoder ( vae ) is one of the most popular generative models , and enormous advances have been explored in recent years . due to the increasing complexity of the raw data and the model architecture , deep networks are needed in vae models while few works discuss their impacts . according to our observation , vae does not always benefit from deeper architecture : 1 ) deeper encoder makes vae learn more comprehensible latent representations ←
→ searching for activation functions ; the choice of activation functions in deep networks has a significant effect on the training dynamics and task performance . currently , the most successful and widely - used activation function is the rectified linear unit ( relu ). although various hand - designed alternatives to relu have been proposed , none have managed to replace it due to inconsistent gains . in this work , we propose to leverage automatic search techniques to discover new activation functions . using a combi ←
→ multilevel weighted support vector machine for classification on healthcare data with missing values ; this work is motivated by the needs of predictive analytics on healthcare data as represented by electronic medical records . such data is invariably problematic : noisy , with missing entries , with imbalance in classes of interests , leading to serious bias in predictive modeling . since standard data mining methods often produce poor performance measures , we argue for development of specialized techniques o ←
→ on the sample complexity of subspace learning ; a large number of algorithms in machine learning , from principal component analysis ( pca ), and its non - linear ( kernel ) extensions , to more recent spectral embedding and support estimation methods , rely on estimating a linear subspace from samples . in this paper we introduce a general formulation of this problem and derive novel learning error estimates . our results rely on natural assumptions on the spectral properties of the covariance operator associated to ←
→ analyzing the group sparsity based on the rank minimization methods ; sparse coding has achieved a great success in various image processing studies . however , there is not any benchmark to measure the sparsity of image patch / group because sparse discriminant conditions cannot keep unchanged . this paper analyzes the sparsity of group based on the strategy of the rank minimization . firstly , an adaptive dictionary for each group is designed . then , we prove that group - based sparse coding is equivalent to the ra ←
→ deep learning based isolated arabic scene character recognition ; the technological advancement and sophistication in cameras and gadgets prompt researchers to have focus on image analysis and text understanding . the deep learning techniques demonstrated well to assess the potential for classifying text from natural scene images as reported in recent years . there are variety of deep learning approaches that prospects the detection and recognition of text , effectively from images . in this work , we presented ←
→ unified treatment of hidden markov switching models ; many real - world problems encountered in several disciplines deal with the modeling of time - series containing different underlying dynamical regimes , for which probabilistic approaches are very often employed . in this paper we describe several such approaches in the common framework of graphical models . we give a unified overview of models previously introduced in the literature , which is simpler and more comprehensive than previous descriptions and enabl ←
→ fuzzy longest common subsequence matching with fcm using r ; capturing the interdependencies between real valued time series can be achieved by finding common similar patterns . the abstraction of time series makes the process of finding similarities closer to the way as humans do . therefore , the abstraction by means of a symbolic levels and finding the common patterns attracts researchers . one particular algorithm , longest common subsequence , has been used successfully as a similarity measure between two se ←
→ learning discrete representations via information maximizing self - augmented training ; learning discrete representations of data is a central machine learning task because of the compactness of the representations and ease of interpretation . the task includes clustering and hash learning as special cases . deep neural networks are promising to be used because they can model the non - linearity of data and scale to large datasets . however , their model complexity is huge , and therefore , we need to carefully re ←
→ efficient algorithms for decision tree cross - validation ; cross - validation is a useful and generally applicable technique often employed in machine learning , including decision tree induction . an important disadvantage of straightforward implementation of the technique is its computational overhead . in this paper we show that , for decision trees , the computational overhead of cross - validation can be reduced significantly by integrating the cross - validation with the normal decision tree induction process . we ←
→ robust moving objects detection in lidar data exploiting visual cues ; detecting moving objects in dynamic scenes from sequences of lidar scans is an important task in object tracking , mapping , localization , and navigation . many works focus on changes detection in previously observed scenes , while a very limited amount of literature addresses moving objects detection . the state - of - the - art method exploits dempster - shafer theory to evaluate the occupancy of a lidar scan and to discriminate points belonging to ←
→ deep image representations using caption generators ; deep learning exploits large volumes of labeled data to learn powerful models . when the target dataset is small , it is a common practice to perform transfer learning using pre - trained models to learn new task specific representations . however , pre - trained cnns for image recognition are provided with limited information about the image during training , which is label alone . tasks such as scene retrieval suffer from features learned from this weak supervis ←
→ a survey on independence - based markov networks learning ; this work reports the most relevant technical aspects in the problem of learning the \ emph { markov network structure } from data . such problem has become increasingly important in machine learning , and many other application fields of machine learning . markov networks , together with bayesian networks , are probabilistic graphical models , a widely used formalism for handling probability distributions in intelligent systems . learning graphical models from ←
→ greedy subspace clustering ; we consider the problem of subspace clustering : given points that lie on or near the union of many low - dimensional linear subspaces , recover the subspaces . to this end , one first identifies sets of points close to the same subspace and uses the sets to estimate the subspaces . as the geometric structure of the clusters ( linear subspaces ) forbids proper performance of general distance based approaches such as k - means , many model - specific methods have been proposed . in this paper , ←
→ pac - bayesian analysis of the exploration - exploitation trade - off ; we develop a coherent framework for integrative simultaneous analysis of the exploration - exploitation and model order selection trade - offs . we improve over our preceding results on the same subject ( seldin et al ., 2011 ) by combining pac - bayesian analysis with bernstein - type inequality for martingales . such a combination is also of independent interest for studies of multiple simultaneously evolving martingales .←
→ a model - based approach to rounding in spectral clustering ; in spectral clustering , one defines a similarity matrix for a collection of data points , transforms the matrix to get the laplacian matrix , finds the eigenvectors of the laplacian matrix , and obtains a partition of the data using the leading eigenvectors . the last step is sometimes referred to as rounding , where one needs to decide how many leading eigenvectors to use , to determine the number of clusters , and to partition the data points . in this p ←
→ scalable models for computing hierarchies in information networks ; information hierarchies are organizational structures that often used to organize and present large and complex information as well as provide a mechanism for effective human navigation . fortunately , many statistical and computational models exist that automatically generate hierarchies ; however , the existing approaches do not consider linkages in information {\ em networks } that are increasingly common in real - world scenarios . current appro ←
→ x - cnn : cross - modal convolutional neural networks for sparse datasets ; in this paper we propose cross - modal convolutional neural networks ( x - cnns ), a novel biologically inspired type of cnn architectures , treating gradient descent - specialised cnns as individual units of processing in a larger - scale network topology , while allowing for unconstrained information flow and / or weight sharing between analogous hidden layers of the network --- thus generalising the already well - established concept of neural network ←
→ genetic optimization of keywords subset in the classification analysis of texts authorship ; the genetic selection of keywords set , the text frequencies of which are considered as attributes in text classification analysis , has been analyzed . the genetic optimization was performed on a set of words , which is the fraction of the frequency dictionary with given frequency limits . the frequency dictionary was formed on the basis of analyzed text array of texts of english fiction . as the fitness function which ←
→ content - boosted matrix factorization techniques for recommender systems ; many businesses are using recommender systems for marketing outreach . recommendation algorithms can be either based on content or driven by collaborative filtering . we study different ways to incorporate content information directly into the matrix factorization approach of collaborative filtering . these content - boosted matrix factorization algorithms not only improve recommendation accuracy , but also provide useful insights about the ←
→ false positive and cross - relation signals in distant supervision data ; distant supervision ( ds ) is a well - established method for relation extraction from text , based on the assumption that when a knowledge - base contains a relation between a term pair , then sentences that contain that pair are likely to express the relation . in this paper , we use the results of a crowdsourcing relation extraction task to identify two problems with ds data quality : the widely varying degree of false positives across differen ←
→ semi - supervised auc optimization based on positive - unlabeled learning ; maximizing the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve ( auc ) is a standard approach to imbalanced classification . so far , various supervised auc optimization methods have been developed and they are also extended to semi - supervised scenarios to cope with small sample problems . however , existing semi - supervised auc optimization methods rely on strong distributional assumptions , which are rarely satisfied in real - world prob ←
→ large scale kernel learning using block coordinate descent ; we demonstrate that distributed block coordinate descent can quickly solve kernel regression and classification problems with millions of data points . armed with this capability , we conduct a thorough comparison between the full kernel , the nystr \" om method , and random features on three large classification tasks from various domains . our results suggest that the nystr \" om method generally achieves better statistical accuracy than random features ,←
→ approximate linear programming for first - order mdps ; we introduce a new approximate solution technique for first - order markov decision processes ( fomdps ). representing the value function linearly w . r . t . a set of first - order basis functions , we compute suitable weights by casting the corresponding optimization as a first - order linear program and show how off - the - shelf theorem prover and lp software can be effectively used . this technique allows one to solve fomdps independent of a specific domain instantiat ←
→ towards an understanding of neural networks in natural - image spaces ; two major uncertainties , dataset bias and perturbation , prevail in state - of - the - art ai algorithms with deep neural networks . in this paper , we present an intuitive explanation for these issues as well as an interpretation of the performance of deep networks in a natural - image space . the explanation consists of two parts : the philosophy of neural networks and a hypothetic model of natural - image spaces . following the explanation , we slightl ←
→ learning to recognize abnormalities in chest x - rays with location - aware dense networks ; chest x - ray is the most common medical imaging exam used to assess multiple pathologies . automated algorithms and tools have the potential to support the reading workflow , improve efficiency , and reduce reading errors . with the availability of large scale data sets , several methods have been proposed to classify pathologies on chest x - ray images . however , most methods report performance based on random image based spl ←
→ dependency grammar induction with neural lexicalization and big training data ; we study the impact of big models ( in terms of the degree of lexicalization ) and big data ( in terms of the training corpus size ) on dependency grammar induction . we experimented with l - dmv , a lexicalized version of dependency model with valence and l - ndmv , our lexicalized extension of the neural dependency model with valence . we find that l - dmv only benefits from very small degrees of lexicalization and moderate sizes of train ←
→ geometry - based region proposals for real - time robot detection of tabletop objects ; we present a novel object detection pipeline for localization and recognition in three dimensional environments . our approach makes use of an rgb - d sensor and combines state - of - the - art techniques from the robotics and computer vision communities to create a robust , real - time detection system . we focus specifically on solving the object detection problem for tabletop scenes , a common environment for assistive manipulators . ←
→ modelling data dispersion degree in automatic robust estimation for multivariate gaussian mixture models with an application to noisy speech processing ; the trimming scheme with a prefixed cutoff portion is known as a method of improving the robustness of statistical models such as multivariate gaussian mixture models ( mg - mms ) in small scale tests by alleviating the impacts of outliers . however , when this method is applied to real - world data , such as noisy speech processing , it is hard to know the op ←
→ fingerprint spoof buster ; the primary purpose of a fingerprint recognition system is to ensure a reliable and accurate user authentication , but the security of the recognition system itself can be jeopardized by spoof attacks . this study addresses the problem of developing accurate , generalizable , and efficient algorithms for detecting fingerprint spoof attacks . specifically , we propose a deep convolutional neural network based approach utilizing local patches centered and aligned using fingerprint minutia ←
→ using sets of probability measures to represent uncertainty ; i explore the use of sets of probability measures as a representation of uncertainty .←
→ a perspective on the advancement of natural language processing tasks via topological analysis of complex networks ; comment on " approaching human language with complex networks " by cong and liu ( physics of life reviews , volume 11 , issue 4 , december 2014 , pages 598 - 618 ).←
→ road segmentation in sar satellite images with deep fully - convolutional neural networks ; remote sensing is extensively used in cartography . as transportation networks expand , extracting roads automatically from satellite images is crucial to keep maps up - to - date . synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) satellites can provide high resolution topographical maps . however roads are difficult to identify in sar images as they look visually similar to other objects like rivers and railways . deep convolutional neural ne ←
→ the exploding gradient problem demystified - definition , prevalence , impact , origin , tradeoffs , and solutions ; whereas it is believed that techniques such as adam , batch normalization and , more recently , selu nonlinearities " solve " the exploding gradient problem , we show that this is not the case in general and that in a range of popular mlp architectures , exploding gradients exist and that they limit the depth to which networks can be effectively trained , both in theory and in practice . we explain why e ←
→ learning monocular 3d human pose estimation from multi - view images ; accurate 3d human pose estimation from single images is possible with sophisticated deep - net architectures that have been trained on very large datasets . however , this still leaves open the problem of capturing motions for which no such database exists . manual annotation is tedious , slow , and error - prone . in this paper , we propose to replace most of the annotations by the use of multiple views , at training time only . specifically , we train ←
→ significance of the levels of spectral valleys with application to front / back distinction of vowel sounds ; an objective critical distance ( ocd ) has been defined as that spacing between adjacent formants , when the level of the valley between them reaches the mean spectral level . the measured ocd lies in the same range ( viz ., 3 - 3 . 5 bark ) as the critical distance determined by subjective experiments for similar experimental conditions . the level of spectral valley serves a purpose similar to that of the spa ←
→ oracle complexity and nontransitivity in pattern recognition ; different mathematical models of recognition processes are known . in the present paper we consider a pattern recognition algorithm as an oracle computation on a turing machine . such point of view seems to be useful in pattern recognition as well as in recursion theory . use of recursion theory in pattern recognition shows connection between a recognition algorithm comparison problem and complexity problems of oracle computation . that is because i ←
→ joint 3d face reconstruction and dense alignment with position map regression network ; we propose a straightforward method that simultaneously reconstructs the 3d facial structure and provides dense alignment . to achieve this , we design a 2d representation called uv position map which records the 3d shape of a complete face in uv space , then train a simple convolutional neural network to regress it from a single 2d image . we also integrate a weight mask into the loss function during training to improve t ←
→ submodularity - inspired data selection for goal - oriented chatbot training based on sentence embeddings ; goal - oriented ( go ) dialogue systems rely on an initial natural language understanding ( nlu ) module to determine the user ' s intention and parameters thereof - also known as slots . since the systems , also known as bots , help the users with solving problems in relatively narrow domains , they require training data within those domains . this leads to significant data availability issues that inhibit the deve ←
→ unsupervised deep haar scattering on graphs ; the classification of high - dimensional data defined on graphs is particularly difficult when the graph geometry is unknown . we introduce a haar scattering transform on graphs , which computes invariant signal descriptors . it is implemented with a deep cascade of additions , subtractions and absolute values , which iteratively compute orthogonal haar wavelet transforms . multiscale neighborhoods of unknown graphs are estimated by minimizing an average total variation ←
→ parallel adaboost algorithm for gabor wavelet selection in face recognition ; in this paper , the problem of automatic gabor wavelet selection for face recognition is tackled by introducing an automatic algorithm based on parallel adaboosting method . incorporating mutual information into the algorithm leads to the selection procedure not only based on classification accuracy but also on efficiency . effective image features are selected by using properly chosen gabor wavelets optimised with parallel adaboos ←
→ trespassing the boundaries : labeling temporal bounds for object interactions in egocentric video ; manual annotations of temporal bounds for object interactions ( i . e . start and end times ) are typical training input to recognition , localization and detection algorithms . for three publicly available egocentric datasets , we uncover inconsistencies in ground truth temporal bounds within and across annotators and datasets . we systematically assess the robustness of state - of - the - art approaches to changes in lab ←
→ latent dirichlet allocation uncovers spectral characteristics of drought stressed plants ; understanding the adaptation process of plants to drought stress is essential in improving management practices , breeding strategies as well as engineering viable crops for a sustainable agriculture in the coming decades . hyper - spectral imaging provides a particularly promising approach to gain such understanding since it allows to discover non - destructively spectral characteristics of plants governed primarily by s ←
→ detecting unexpected obstacles for self - driving cars : fusing deep learning and geometric modeling ; the detection of small road hazards , such as lost cargo , is a vital capability for self - driving cars . we tackle this challenging and rarely addressed problem with a vision system that leverages appearance , contextual as well as geometric cues . to utilize the appearance and contextual cues , we propose a new deep learning - based obstacle detection framework . here a variant of a fully convolutional network is u ←
→ bunsetsu identification using category - exclusive rules ; this paper describes two new bunsetsu identification methods using supervised learning . since japanese syntactic analysis is usually done after bunsetsu identification , bunsetsu identification is important for analyzing japanese sentences . in experiments comparing the four previously available machine - learning methods ( decision tree , maximum - entropy method , example - based approach and decision list ) and two new methods using category - exclusive rules , t ←
→ cognitive - mapping and contextual pyramid based digital elevation model registration and its effective storage using fractal based compression ; digital elevation models ( dem ) are images having terrain information embedded into them . using cognitive mapping concepts for dem registration , has evolved from this basic idea of using the mapping between the space to objects and defining their relationships to form the basic landmarks that need to be marked , stored and manipulated in and about the environment or ←
→ chr ( prism )- based probabilistic logic learning ; prism is an extension of prolog with probabilistic predicates and built - in support for expectation - maximization learning . constraint handling rules ( chr ) is a high - level programming language based on multi - headed multiset rewrite rules . in this paper , we introduce a new probabilistic logic formalism , called chrism , based on a combination of chr and prism . it can be used for high - level rapid prototyping of complex statistical models by means of " chance rules "←
→ curve reconstruction via the global statistics of natural curves ; reconstructing the missing parts of a curve has been the subject of much computational research , with applications in image inpainting , object synthesis , etc . different approaches for solving that problem are typically based on processes that seek visually pleasing or perceptually plausible completions . in this work we focus on reconstructing the underlying physically likely shape by utilizing the global statistics of natural curves . more sp ←
→ tapping the sensorimotor trajectory ; in this paper , we propose the concept of sensorimotor tappings , a new graphical technique that explicitly represents relations between the time steps of an agent ' s sensorimotor loop and a single training step of an adaptive internal model . in the simplest case this is a relation linking two time steps . in realistic cases these relations can extend over several time steps and over different sensory channels . the aim is to capture the footprint of information intake relat ←
→ exploration of object recognition from 3d point cloud ; we present our latest experiment results of object recognition from 3d point cloud data collected through moving car .←
→ training logistic regression and svm on 200gb data using b - bit minwise hashing and comparisons with vowpal wabbit ( vw ) ; we generated a dataset of 200 gb with 10 ^ 9 features , to test our recent b - bit minwise hashing algorithms for training very large - scale logistic regression and svm . the results confirm our prior work that , compared with the vw hashing algorithm ( which has the same variance as random projections ), b - bit minwise hashing is substantially more accurate at the same storage . for example , with ←
→ modularity in a connectionist model of morphology acquisition ; this paper describes a modular connectionist model of the acquisition of receptive inflectional morphology . the model takes inputs in the form of phones one at a time and outputs the associated roots and inflections . in its simplest version , the network consists of separate simple recurrent subnetworks for root and inflection identification ; both networks take the phone sequence as inputs . it is shown that the performance of the two separate mo ←
→ joint learning of correlated sequence labelling tasks using bidirectional recurrent neural networks ; the stream of words produced by automatic speech recognition ( asr ) systems is typically devoid of punctuations and formatting . most natural language processing applications expect segmented and well - formatted texts as input , which is not available in asr output . this paper proposes a novel technique of jointly modeling multiple correlated tasks such as punctuation and capitalization using bidirectional re ←
→ a study into the similarity in generator and discriminator in gan architecture ; one popular generative model that has high - quality results is the generative adversarial networks ( gan ). this type of architecture consists of two separate networks that play against each other . the generator creates an output from the input noise that is given to it . the discriminator has the task of determining if the input to it is real or fake . this takes place constantly eventually leads to the generator modeling the targ ←
→ development of a multi - user handwriting recognition system using tesseract open source ocr engine ; the objective of the paper is to recognize handwritten samples of lower case roman script using tesseract open source optical character recognition ( ocr ) engine under apache license 2 . 0 . handwritten data samples containing isolated and free - flow text were collected from different users . tesseract is trained with user - specific data samples of both the categories of document pages to generate separate user - mo ←
→ towards practical bayesian parameter and state estimation ; joint state and parameter estimation is a core problem for dynamic bayesian networks . although modern probabilistic inference toolkits make it relatively easy to specify large and practically relevant probabilistic models , the silver bullet --- an efficient and general online inference algorithm for such problems --- remains elusive , forcing users to write special - purpose code for each application . we propose a novel blackbox algorithm -- a hybrid of p ←
→ excess risk bounds for exponentially concave losses ; the overarching goal of this paper is to derive excess risk bounds for learning from exp - concave loss functions in passive and sequential learning settings . exp - concave loss functions encompass several fundamental problems in machine learning such as squared loss in linear regression , logistic loss in classification , and negative logarithm loss in portfolio management . in batch setting , we obtain sharp bounds on the performance of empirical risk minimiza ←
→ universal adversarial perturbations against semantic image segmentation ; while deep learning is remarkably successful on perceptual tasks , it was also shown to be vulnerable to adversarial perturbations of the input . these perturbations denote noise added to the input that was generated specifically to fool the system while being quasi - imperceptible for humans . more severely , there even exist universal perturbations that are input - agnostic but fool the network on the majority of inputs . while recent work h ←
→ matroid bandits : fast combinatorial optimization with learning ; a matroid is a notion of independence in combinatorial optimization which is closely related to computational efficiency . in particular , it is well known that the maximum of a constrained modular function can be found greedily if and only if the constraints are associated with a matroid . in this paper , we bring together the ideas of bandits and matroids , and propose a new class of combinatorial bandits , matroid bandits . the objective in these ←
→ visualization optimization : application to the robocup rescue domain ; in this paper we demonstrate the use of intelligent optimization methodologies on the visualization optimization of virtual / simulated environments . the problem of automatic selection of an optimized set of views , which better describes an on - going simulation over a virtual environment is addressed in the context of the robocup rescue simulation domain . a generic architecture for optimization is proposed and described . we outline the p ←
→ optimal weighting for exam composition ; a problem faced by many instructors is that of designing exams that accurately assess the abilities of the students . typically these exams are prepared several days in advance , and generic question scores are used based on rough approximation of the question difficulty and length . for example , for a recent class taught by the author , there were 30 multiple choice questions worth 3 points , 15 true / false with explanation questions worth 4 points , and 5 analytical exerc ←
→ information extraction with character - level neural networks and free noisy supervision ; we present an architecture for information extraction from text that augments an existing parser with a character - level neural network . the network is trained using a measure of consistency of extracted data with existing databases as a form of noisy supervision . our architecture combines the ability of constraint - based information extraction systems to easily incorporate domain knowledge and constraints with the abil ←
→ inclusion within continuous belief functions ; defining and modeling the relation of inclusion between continuous belief function may be considered as an important operation in order to study their behaviors . within this paper we will propose and present two forms of inclusion : the strict and the partial one . in order to develop this relation , we will study the case of consonant belief function . to do so , we will simulate normal distributions allowing us to model and analyze these relations . based on that , ←
→ bayesian estimation from few samples : community detection and related problems ; we propose an efficient meta - algorithm for bayesian estimation problems that is based on low - degree polynomials , semidefinite programming , and tensor decomposition . the algorithm is inspired by recent lower bound constructions for sum - of - squares and related to the method of moments . our focus is on sample complexity bounds that are as tight as possible ( up to additive lower - order terms ) and often achieve statistical threshold ←
→ mirrored language structure and innate logic of the human brain as a computable model of the oracle turing machine ; we wish to present a mirrored language structure ( mls ) and four logic rules determined by this structure for the model of a computable oracle turing machine . mls has novel features that are of considerable biological and computational significance . it suggests an algorithm of relation learning and recognition ( rlr ) that enables the deterministic computers to simulate the mechanism of the or ←
→ competitive analysis of the top - k ranking problem ; motivated by applications in recommender systems , web search , social choice and crowdsourcing , we consider the problem of identifying the set of top $ k $ items from noisy pairwise comparisons . in our setting , we are non - actively given $ r $ pairwise comparisons between each pair of $ n $ items , where each comparison has noise constrained by a very general noise model called the strong stochastic transitivity ( sst ) model . we analyze the competitive ratio of algo ←
→ incremental training of a detector using online sparse eigen - decomposition ; the ability to efficiently and accurately detect objects plays a very crucial role for many computer vision tasks . recently , offline object detectors have shown a tremendous success . however , one major drawback of offline techniques is that a complete set of training data has to be collected beforehand . in addition , once learned , an offline detector can not make use of newly arriving data . to alleviate these drawbacks , online lea ←
→ synthesis of shared control protocols with provable safety and performance guarantees ; we formalize synthesis of shared control protocols with correctness guarantees for temporal logic specifications . more specifically , we introduce a modeling formalism in which both a human and an autonomy protocol can issue commands to a robot towards performing a certain task . these commands are blended into a joint input to the robot . the autonomy protocol is synthesized using an abstraction of possible human command ←
→ deriving a minimal i - map of a belief network relative to a target ordering of its nodes ; this paper identifies and solves a new optimization problem : given a belief network ( bn ) and a target ordering on its variables , how can we efficiently derive its minimal i - map whose arcs are consistent with the target ordering ? we present three solutions to this problem , all of which lead to directed acyclic graphs based on the original bn ' s recursive basis relative to the specified ordering ( such a dag is sometimes ←
→ accurate vision - based vehicle localization using satellite imagery ; we propose a method for accurately localizing ground vehicles with the aid of satellite imagery . our approach takes a ground image as input , and outputs the location from which it was taken on a georeferenced satellite image . we perform visual localization by estimating the co - occurrence probabilities between the ground and satellite images based on a ground - satellite feature dictionary . the method is able to estimate likelihoods over arbi ←
→ interacting conceptual spaces ; we propose applying the categorical compositional scheme of [ 6 ] to conceptual space models of cognition . in order to do this we introduce the category of convex relations as a new setting for categorical compositional semantics , emphasizing the convex structure important to conceptual space applications . we show how conceptual spaces for composite types such as adjectives and verbs can be constructed . we illustrate this new model on detailed examples .←
→ in defense of classical image processing : fast depth completion on the cpu ; with the rise of data driven deep neural networks as a realization of universal function approximators , most research on computer vision problems has moved away from hand crafted classical image processing algorithms . this paper shows that with a well designed algorithm , we are capable of outperforming neural network based methods on the task of depth completion . the proposed algorithm is simple and fast , runs on the cpu , and rel ←
→ a neuromorphic hardware architecture using the neural engineering framework for pattern recognition ; we present a hardware architecture that uses the neural engineering framework ( nef ) to implement large - scale neural networks on field programmable gate arrays ( fpgas ) for performing pattern recognition in real time . nef is a framework that is capable of synthesising large - scale cognitive systems from subnetworks . we will first present the architecture of the proposed neural network implemented using fixed ←
→ variational cumulant expansions for intractable distributions ; intractable distributions present a common difficulty in inference within the probabilistic knowledge representation framework and variational methods have recently been popular in providing an approximate solution . in this article , we describe a perturbational approach in the form of a cumulant expansion which , to lowest order , recovers the standard kullback - leibler variational bound . higher - order terms describe corrections on the variational ←
→ online variants of the cross - entropy method ; the cross - entropy method is a simple but efficient method for global optimization . in this paper we provide two online variants of the basic cem , together with a proof of convergence .←
→ from observational studies to causal rule mining ; randomised controlled trials ( rcts ) are the most effective approach to causal discovery , but in many circumstances it is impossible to conduct rcts . therefore observational studies based on passively observed data are widely accepted as an alternative to rcts . however , in observational studies , prior knowledge is required to generate the hypotheses about the cause - effect relationships to be tested , hence they can only be applied to problems with available d ←
→ binarized convolutional neural networks with separable filters for efficient hardware acceleration ; state - of - the - art convolutional neural networks are enormously costly in both compute and memory , demanding massively parallel gpus for execution . such networks strain the computational capabilities and energy available to embedded and mobile processing platforms , restricting their use in many important applications . in this paper , we push the boundaries of hardware - effective cnn design by proposing bcnn wi ←
→ shakedrop regularization ; this paper proposes a powerful regularization method named shakedrop regularization . shakedrop is inspired by shake - shake regularization that decreases error rates by disturbing learning . while shake - shake can be applied to only resnext which has multiple branches , shakedrop can be applied to not only resnext but also resnet , wide resnet and pyramidnet in a memory efficient way . important and interesting feature of shakedrop is that it strongly disturbs learning by multiplying eve ←
→ an integrated approach to crowd video analysis : from tracking to multi - level activity recognition ; we present an integrated framework for simultaneous tracking , group detection and multi - level activity recognition in crowd videos . instead of solving these problems independently and sequentially , we solve them together in a unified framework to utilize the strong correlation that exists among individual motion , groups , and activities . we explore the hierarchical structure hidden in the video that connects ←
→ revisiting natural gradient for deep networks ; we evaluate natural gradient , an algorithm originally proposed in amari ( 1997 ), for learning deep models . the contributions of this paper are as follows . we show the connection between natural gradient and three other recently proposed methods for training deep models : hessian - free ( martens , 2010 ), krylov subspace descent ( vinyals and povey , 2012 ) and tonga ( le roux et al ., 2008 ). we describe how one can use unlabeled data to improve the generalization error o ←
→ improving twitter sentiment classification via multi - level sentiment - enriched word embeddings ; most of existing work learn sentiment - specific word representation for improving twitter sentiment classification , which encoded both n - gram and distant supervised tweet sentiment information in learning process . they assume all words within a tweet have the same sentiment polarity as the whole tweet , which ignores the word its own sentiment polarity . to address this problem , we propose to learn sentiment - speci ←
→ image - image domain adaptation with preserved self - similarity and domain - dissimilarity for person re - identification ; person re - identification ( re - id ) models trained on one domain often fail to generalize well to another . in our attempt , we present a " learning via translation " framework . in the baseline , we translate the labeled images from source to target domain in an unsupervised manner . we then train re - id models with the translated images by supervised methods . yet , being an essential part of this fra ←
→ scalable stochastic alternating direction method of multipliers ; stochastic alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ), which visits only one sample or a mini - batch of samples each time , has recently been proved to achieve better performance than batch admm . however , most stochastic methods can only achieve a convergence rate $ o ( 1 /\ sqrt t )$ on general convex problems , where t is the number of iterations . hence , these methods are not scalable with respect to convergence rate ( computation cost ). there ←
→ generating natural adversarial examples ; due to their complex nature , it is hard to characterize the ways in which machine learning models can misbehave or be exploited when deployed . recent work on adversarial examples , i . e . inputs with minor perturbations that result in substantially different model predictions , is helpful in evaluating the robustness of these models by exposing the adversarial scenarios where they fail . however , these malicious perturbations are often unnatural , not semantically meaning ←
→ from zero - shot learning to conventional supervised classification : unseen visual data synthesis ; robust object recognition systems usually rely on powerful feature extraction mechanisms from a large number of real images . however , in many realistic applications , collecting sufficient images for ever - growing new classes is unattainable . in this paper , we propose a new zero - shot learning ( zsl ) framework that can synthesise visual features for unseen classes without acquiring real images . using the proposed ←
→ regularized partial least squares with an application to nmr spectroscopy ; high - dimensional data common in genomics , proteomics , and chemometrics often contains complicated correlation structures . recently , partial least squares ( pls ) and sparse pls methods have gained attention in these areas as dimension reduction techniques in the context of supervised data analysis . we introduce a framework for regularized pls by solving a relaxation of the simpls optimization problem with penalties on the pls loadin ←
→ an evolutionary optimization approach to risk parity portfolio selection ; in this paper we present an evolutionary optimization approach to solve the risk parity portfolio selection problem . while there exist convex optimization approaches to solve this problem when long - only portfolios are considered , the optimization problem becomes non - trivial in the long - short case . to solve this problem , we propose a genetic algorithm as well as a local search heuristic . this algorithmic framework is able to compute s ←
→ towards end - to - end spoken language understanding ; spoken language understanding system is traditionally designed as a pipeline of a number of components . first , the audio signal is processed by an automatic speech recognizer for transcription or n - best hypotheses . with the recognition results , a natural language understanding system classifies the text to structured data as domain , intent and slots for down - streaming consumers , such as dialog system , hands - free applications . these components are usually de ←
→ improved learning in evolution strategies via sparser inter - agent network topologies ; we draw upon a previously largely untapped literature on human collective intelligence as a source of inspiration for improving deep learning . implicit in many algorithms that attempt to solve deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) tasks is the network of processors along which parameter values are shared . so far , existing approaches have implicitly utilized fully - connected networks , in which all processors are connected . ho ←
→ inconsistent node flattening for improving top - down hierarchical classification ; large - scale classification of data where classes are structurally organized in a hierarchy is an important area of research . top - down approaches that exploit the hierarchy during the learning and prediction phase are efficient for large scale hierarchical classification . however , accuracy of top - down approaches is poor due to error propagation i . e ., prediction errors made at higher levels in the hierarchy cannot be corrected ←
→ a user - study on online adaptation of neural machine translation to human post - edits ; the advantages of neural machine translation ( nmt ) have been extensively validated for offline translation of several language pairs for different domains of spoken and written language . however , research on interactive learning of nmt by adaptation to human post - edits has so far been confined to simulation experiments . we present the first user study on online adaptation of nmt to user post - edits . our study involves 29 ←
→ matrix completion from $ o ( n )$ samples in linear time ; we consider the problem of reconstructing a rank -$ k $ $ n \ times n $ matrix $ m $ from a sampling of its entries . under a certain incoherence assumption on $ m $ and for the case when both the rank and the condition number of $ m $ are bounded , it was shown in \ cite { candesrecht2009 , candestao2010 , keshavan2010 , recht2011 , jain2012 , hardt2014 } that $ m $ can be recovered exactly or approximately ( depending on some trade - off between accuracy and computational comple ←
→ phase transition for random quantified xor - formulas ; the qxorsat problem is the quantified version of the satisfiability problem xorsat in which the connective exclusive - or is used instead of the usual or . we study the phase transition associated with random qxorsat instances . we give a description of this phase transition in the case of one alternation of quantifiers , thus performing an advanced practical and theoretical study on the phase transition of a quantified roblem .←
→ a dense subgraph based algorithm for compact salient image region detection ; we present an algorithm for graph based saliency computation that utilizes the underlying dense subgraphs in finding visually salient regions in an image . to compute the salient regions , the model first obtains a saliency map using random walks on a markov chain . next , k - dense subgraphs are detected to further enhance the salient regions in the image . dense subgraphs convey more information about local graph structure than simpl ←
→ great expectations . part i : on the customizability of generalized expected utility ; we propose a generalization of expected utility that we call generalized eu ( geu ), where a decision maker ' s beliefs are represented by plausibility measures , and the decision maker ' s tastes are represented by general ( i . e ., not necessarily real - valued ) utility functions . we show that every agent , `` rational '' or not , can be modeled as a geu maximizer . we then show that we can customize geu by selectively imposing just the ←
→ clustering based approach extracting collocations ; the following study presents a collocation extraction approach based on clustering technique . this study uses a combination of several classical measures which cover all aspects of a given corpus then it suggests separating bigrams found in the corpus in several disjoint groups according to the probability of presence of collocations . this will allow excluding groups where the presence of collocations is very unlikely and thus reducing in a meaningful way ←
→ distributed convolutional sparse coding ; we consider the problem of building shift - invariant representations for long signals in the context of distributed processing . we propose an asynchronous algorithm based on coordinate descent called dicod to efficiently solve the $\ ell_1 $- minimization problems involved in convolutional sparse coding . this algorithm leverages the weak temporal dependency of the convolution to reduce the interprocess communication to a few local messages . we prove that this algorithm ←
→ combinatorial explorations in su - doku ; su - doku , a popular combinatorial puzzle , provides an excellent testbench for heuristic explorations . several interesting questions arise from its deceptively simple set of rules . how many distinct su - doku grids are there ? how to find a solution to a su - doku puzzle ? is there a unique solution to a given su - doku puzzle ? what is a good estimation of a puzzle ' s difficulty ? what is the minimum puzzle size ( the number of " givens ")? this paper explores how these questions ←
→ mining of product reviews at aspect level ; todays world is a world of internet , almost all work can be done with the help of it , from simple mobile phone recharge to biggest business deals can be done with the help of this technology . people spent their most of the times on surfing on the web it becomes a new source of entertainment , education , communication , shopping etc . users not only use these websites but also give their feedback and suggestions that will be useful for other users . in this way a large ←
→ multi - view low - rank sparse subspace clustering ; most existing approaches address multi - view subspace clustering problem by constructing the affinity matrix on each view separately and afterwards propose how to extend spectral clustering algorithm to handle multi - view data . this paper presents an approach to multi - view subspace clustering that learns a joint subspace representation by constructing affinity matrix shared among all views . relying on the importance of both low - rank and sparsity constraints in ←
→ 3d object dense reconstruction from a single depth view ; in this paper , we propose a novel approach , 3d - recgan ++, which reconstructs the complete 3d structure of a given object from a single arbitrary depth view using generative adversarial networks . unlike existing work which typically requires multiple views of the same object or class labels to recover the full 3d geometry , the proposed 3d - recgan ++ only takes the voxel grid representation of a depth view of the object as input , and is able to generate t ←
→ automation of android applications testing using machine learning activities classification ; mobile applications are being used every day by more than half of the world ' s population to perform a great variety of tasks . with the increasingly widespread usage of these applications , the need arises for efficient techniques to test them . many frameworks allow automating the process of application testing , however existing frameworks mainly rely on the application developer for providing testing scripts for e ←
→ query significance in databases via randomizations ; many sorts of structured data are commonly stored in a multi - relational format of interrelated tables . under this relational model , exploratory data analysis can be done by using relational queries . as an example , in the internet movie database ( imdb ) a query can be used to check whether the average rank of action movies is higher than the average rank of drama movies . we consider the problem of assessing whether the results returned by such a query are ←
→ fine - grained visual categorization via multi - stage metric learning ; fine - grained visual categorization ( fgvc ) is to categorize objects into subordinate classes instead of basic classes . one major challenge in fgvc is the co - occurrence of two issues : 1 ) many subordinate classes are highly correlated and are difficult to distinguish , and 2 ) there exists the large intra - class variation ( e . g ., due to object pose ). this paper proposes to explicitly address the above two issues via distance metric learning ( dml )←
→ milkqa : a dataset of consumer questions for the task of answer selection ; we introduce milkqa , a question answering dataset from the dairy domain dedicated to the study of consumer questions . the dataset contains 2 , 657 pairs of questions and answers , written in the portuguese language and originally collected by the brazilian agricultural research corporation ( embrapa ). all questions were motivated by real situations and written by thousands of authors with very different backgrounds and levels of literacy ←
→ competitive multi - agent inverse reinforcement learning with sub - optimal demonstrations ; this paper considers the problem of inverse reinforcement learning in zero - sum stochastic games when expert demonstrations are known to be not optimal . compared to previous works that decouple agents in the game by assuming optimality in expert strategies , we introduce a new objective function that directly pits experts against nash equilibrium strategies , and we design an algorithm to solve for the reward function in ←
→ likelihood computations using value abstractions ; in this paper , we use evidence - specific value abstraction for speeding bayesian networks inference . this is done by grouping variable values and treating the combined values as a single entity . as we show , such abstractions can exploit regularities in conditional probability distributions and also the specific values of observed variables . to formally justify value abstraction , we define the notion of safe value abstraction and devise inference algorithms t ←
→ subword and crossword units for ctc acoustic models ; this paper proposes a novel approach to create an unit set for ctc based speech recognition systems . by using byte pair encoding we learn an unit set of an arbitrary size on a given training text . in contrast to using characters or words as units this allows us to find a good trade - off between the size of our unit set and the available training data . we evaluate both crossword units , that may span multiple word , and subword units . by combining this appro ←
→ a novel clustering algorithm based on quantum games ; enormous successes have been made by quantum algorithms during the last decade . in this paper , we combine the quantum game with the problem of data clustering , and then develop a quantum - game - based clustering algorithm , in which data points in a dataset are considered as players who can make decisions and implement quantum strategies in quantum games . after each round of a quantum game , each player ' s expected payoff is calculated . later , he uses a link - r ←
→ reinforcement learning for the unit commitment problem ; in this work we solve the day - ahead unit commitment ( uc ) problem , by formulating it as a markov decision process ( mdp ) and finding a low - cost policy for generation scheduling . we present two reinforcement learning algorithms , and devise a third one . we compare our results to previous work that uses simulated annealing ( sa ), and show a 27 % improvement in operation costs , with running time of 2 . 5 minutes ( compared to 2 . 5 hours of existing state - of - the - a ←
→ on the equivalence between herding and conditional gradient algorithms ; we show that the herding procedure of welling ( 2009 ) takes exactly the form of a standard convex optimization algorithm -- namely a conditional gradient algorithm minimizing a quadratic moment discrepancy . this link enables us to invoke convergence results from convex optimization and to consider faster alternatives for the task of approximating integrals in a reproducing kernel hilbert space . we study the behavior of the different varia ←
→ variational inference via transformations on distributions ; variational inference methods often focus on the problem of efficient model optimization , with little emphasis on the choice of the approximating posterior . in this paper , we review and implement the various methods that enable us to develop a rich family of approximating posteriors . we show that one particular method employing transformations on distributions results in developing very rich and complex posterior approximation . we analyze its perf ←
→ landmark - based consonant voicing detection on multilingual corpora ; this paper tests the hypothesis that distinctive feature classifiers anchored at phonetic landmarks can be transferred cross - lingually without loss of accuracy . three consonant voicing classifiers were developed : ( 1 ) manually selected acoustic features anchored at a phonetic landmark , ( 2 ) mfccs ( either averaged across the segment or anchored at the landmark ), and ( 3 ) acoustic features computed using a convolutional neural network ( cnn ). all ←
→ adaptive multi - penalty regularization based on a generalized lasso path ; for many algorithms , parameter tuning remains a challenging and critical task , which becomes tedious and infeasible in a multi - parameter setting . multi - penalty regularization , successfully used for solving undetermined sparse regression of problems of unmixing type where signal and noise are additively mixed , is one of such examples . in this paper , we propose a novel algorithmic framework for an adaptive parameter choice in multi - pena ←
→ improving semantic relevance for sequence - to - sequence learning of chinese social media text summarization ; current chinese social media text summarization models are based on an encoder - decoder framework . although its generated summaries are similar to source texts literally , they have low semantic relevance . in this work , our goal is to improve semantic relevance between source texts and summaries for chinese social media summarization . we introduce a semantic relevance based neural model to encourage h ←
→ discriminative k - shot learning using probabilistic models ; this paper introduces a probabilistic framework for k - shot image classification . the goal is to generalise from an initial large - scale classification task to a separate task comprising new classes and small numbers of examples . the new approach not only leverages the feature - based representation learned by a neural network from the initial task ( representational transfer ), but also information about the classes ( concept transfer ). the concept infor ←
→ data assimilation by artificial neural networks for an atmospheric general circulation model : conventional observation ; this paper presents an approach for employing artificial neural networks ( nn ) to emulate an ensemble kalman filter ( enkf ) as a method of data assimilation . the assimilation methods are tested in the simplified parameterizations primitive - equation dynamics ( speedy ) model , an atmospheric general circulation model ( agcm ), using synthetic observational data simulating localization of balloo ←
→ highway long short - term memory rnns for distant speech recognition ; in this paper , we extend the deep long short - term memory ( dlstm ) recurrent neural networks by introducing gated direct connections between memory cells in adjacent layers . these direct links , called highway connections , enable unimpeded information flow across different layers and thus alleviate the gradient vanishing problem when building deeper lstms . we further introduce the latency - controlled bidirectional lstms ( blstms ) which can expl ←
→ straggler mitigation in distributed optimization through data encoding ; slow running or straggler tasks can significantly reduce computation speed in distributed computation . recently , coding - theory - inspired approaches have been applied to mitigate the effect of straggling , through embedding redundancy in certain linear computational steps of the optimization algorithm , thus completing the computation without waiting for the stragglers . in this paper , we propose an alternate approach where we embed the red ←
→ tiny ssd : a tiny single - shot detection deep convolutional neural network for real - time embedded object detection ; object detection is a major challenge in computer vision , involving both object classification and object localization within a scene . while deep neural networks have been shown in recent years to yield very powerful techniques for tackling the challenge of object detection , one of the biggest challenges with enabling such object detection networks for widespread deployment on embedded device ←
→ learning feedforward and recurrent deterministic spiking neuron network feedback controllers ; we consider the problem of feedback control when the controller is constructed solely of deterministic spiking neurons . although spiking neurons and networks have been the subject of several previous studies , analysis has primarily been restricted to a firing rate model . in contrast , we construct a spike timing based deterministic spiking neuron controller whose control output is one or multiple sparse spike tra ←
→ median topographic maps for biomedical data sets ; median clustering extends popular neural data analysis methods such as the self - organizing map or neural gas to general data structures given by a dissimilarity matrix only . this offers flexible and robust global data inspection methods which are particularly suited for a variety of data as occurs in biomedical domains . in this chapter , we give an overview about median clustering and its properties and extensions , with a particular focus on efficient implem ←
→ iterative refinement for machine translation ; existing machine translation decoding algorithms generate translations in a strictly monotonic fashion and never revisit previous decisions . as a result , earlier mistakes cannot be corrected at a later stage . in this paper , we present a translation scheme that starts from an initial guess and then makes iterative improvements that may revisit previous decisions . we parameterize our model as a convolutional neural network that predicts discrete substitutions to ←
→ quantum control experiments as a testbed for evolutionary multi - objective algorithms ; experimental multi - objective quantum control is an emerging topic within the broad physics and chemistry applications domain of controlling quantum phenomena . this realm offers cutting edge ultrafast laser laboratory applications , which pose multiple objectives , noise , and possibly constraints on the high - dimensional search . in this study we introduce the topic of multi - observable quantum control ( moqc ), and consider sp ←
→ autoregressive kernels for time series ; we propose in this work a new family of kernels for variable - length time series . our work builds upon the vector autoregressive ( var ) model for multivariate stochastic processes : given a multivariate time series x , we consider the likelihood function p_ {\ theta }( x ) of different parameters \ theta in the var model as features to describe x . to compare two time series x and x ', we form the product of their features p_ {\ theta }( x ) p_ {\ theta }( x ') which is integrated out w . r ←
→ big data small data , in domain out - of domain , known word unknown word : the impact of word representation on sequence labelling tasks ; word embeddings -- distributed word representations that can be learned from unlabelled data -- have been shown to have high utility in many natural language processing applications . in this paper , we perform an extrinsic evaluation of five popular word embedding methods in the context of four sequence labelling tasks : pos - tagging , syntactic chunking , ner and mwe identific ←
→ demystifying alphago zero as alphago gan ; the astonishing success of alphago zero \ cite { silver_alphago } invokes a worldwide discussion of the future of our human society with a mixed mood of hope , anxiousness , excitement and fear . we try to dymystify alphago zero by a qualitative analysis to indicate that alphago zero can be understood as a specially structured gan system which is expected to possess an inherent good convergence property . thus we deduct the success of alphago zero may not be a sign of a new ←
→ connectivity - enforcing hough transform for the robust extraction of line segments ; global voting schemes based on the hough transform ( ht ) have been widely used to robustly detect lines in images . however , since the votes do not take line connectivity into account , these methods do not deal well with cluttered images . in opposition , the so - called local methods enforce connectivity but lack robustness to deal with challenging situations that occur in many realistic scenarios , e . g ., when line segments cros ←
→ mining fine - grained opinions on closed captions of youtube videos with an attention - rnn ; video reviews are the natural evolution of written product reviews . in this paper we target this phenomenon and introduce the first dataset created from closed captions of youtube product review videos as well as a new attention - rnn model for aspect extraction and joint aspect extraction and sentiment classification . our model provides state - of - the - art performance on aspect extraction without requiring the usage of h ←
→ a hebbian / anti - hebbian network for online sparse dictionary learning derived from symmetric matrix factorization ; olshausen and field ( of ) proposed that neural computations in the primary visual cortex ( v1 ) can be partially modeled by sparse dictionary learning . by minimizing the regularized representation error they derived an online algorithm , which learns gabor - filter receptive fields from a natural image ensemble in agreement with physiological experiments . whereas the of algorithm can be mapped onto ←
→ augmented reality meets computer vision : efficient data generation for urban driving scenes ; the success of deep learning in computer vision is based on availability of large annotated datasets . to lower the need for hand labeled images , virtually rendered 3d worlds have recently gained popularity . creating realistic 3d content is challenging on its own and requires significant human effort . in this work , we propose an alternative paradigm which combines real and synthetic data for learning semantic ins ←
→ hierarchical boundary - aware neural encoder for video captioning ; the use of recurrent neural networks for video captioning has recently gained a lot of attention , since they can be used both to encode the input video and to generate the corresponding description . in this paper , we present a recurrent video encoding scheme which can discover and leverage the hierarchical structure of the video . unlike the classical encoder - decoder approach , in which a video is encoded continuously by a recurrent layer , we p ←
→ min - max kernels ; the min - max kernel is a generalization of the popular resemblance kernel ( which is designed for binary data ). in this paper , we demonstrate , through an extensive classification study using kernel machines , that the min - max kernel often provides an effective measure of similarity for nonnegative data . as the min - max kernel is nonlinear and might be difficult to be used for industrial applications with massive data , we show that the min - max kernel can be linearized via hashing techniques . th ←
→ arabic language text classification using dependency syntax - based feature selection ; we study the performance of arabic text classification combining various techniques : ( a ) tfidf vs . dependency syntax , for feature selection and weighting ; ( b ) class association rules vs . support vector machines , for classification . the arabic text is used in two forms : rootified and lightly stemmed . the results we obtain show that lightly stemmed text leads to better performance than rootified text ; that class associatio ←
→ continuum directions for supervised dimension reduction ; dimension reduction of multivariate data supervised by auxiliary information is considered . a series of basis for dimension reduction is obtained as minimizers of a novel criterion . the proposed method is akin to continuum regression , and the resulting basis is called continuum directions . with a presence of binary supervision data , these directions continuously bridge the principal component , mean difference and linear discriminant directions , thus ←
→ arrhythmia detection using mutual information - based integration method ; the aim of this paper is to propose an application of mutual information - based ensemble methods to the analysis and classification of heart beats associated with different types of arrhythmia . models of multilayer perceptrons , support vector machines , and radial basis function neural networks were trained and tested using the mit - bih arrhythmia database . this research brings a focus to an ensemble method that , to our knowledge , is a no ←
→ a survey of activity recognition and understanding the behavior in video survelliance ; this paper presents a review of human activity recognition and behaviour understanding in video sequence . the key objective of this paper is to provide a general review on the overall process of a surveillance system used in the current trend . visual surveillance system is directed on automatic identification of events of interest , especially on tracking and classification of moving objects . the processing step of the ←
→ feature extraction of human lip prints ; methods have been used for identification of human by recognizing lip prints . human lips have a number of elevation and depressions features called lip prints and examination of lip prints is referred to as cheiloscopy . lip prints of each human being are unique in nature like many others features of human . in this paper lip print is first smoothened using a gaussian filter . next sobel edge detector and canny edge detector are used to detect the vertical and horizonta ←
→ robust head pose estimation using contourlet transform ; estimating pose of the head is an important preprocessing step in many pattern recognition and computer vision systems such as face recognition . since the performance of the face recognition systems is greatly affected by the poses of the face , how to estimate the accurate pose of the face in human face image is still a challenging problem . in this paper , we represent a novel method for head pose estimation . to enhance the efficiency of the estimation ←
→ neural expectation maximization ; many real world tasks such as reasoning and physical interaction require identification and manipulation of conceptual entities . a first step towards solving these tasks is the automated discovery of distributed symbol - like representations . in this paper , we explicitly formalize this problem as inference in a spatial mixture model where each component is parametrized by a neural network . based on the expectation maximization framework we then derive a differentiable cluster ←
→ learning to relate images : mapping units , complex cells and simultaneous eigenspaces ; a fundamental operation in many vision tasks , including motion understanding , stereopsis , visual odometry , or invariant recognition , is establishing correspondences between images or between images and data from other modalities . we present an analysis of the role that multiplicative interactions play in learning such correspondences , and we show how learning and inferring relationships between images can be viewed as d ←
→ spatio - temporal learning with arrays of analog nanosynapses ; emerging nanodevices such as resistive memories are being considered for hardware realizations of a variety of artificial neural networks ( anns ), including highly promising online variants of the learning approaches known as reservoir computing ( rc ) and the extreme learning machine ( elm ). we propose an rc / elm inspired learning system built with nanosynapses that performs both on - chip projection and regression operations . to address time - dynamic t ←
→ progressive structure from motion ; structure from motion or the sparse 3d reconstruction out of individual photos is a long studied topic in computer vision . yet none of the existing reconstruction pipelines fully addresses a progressive scenario where images are only getting available during the reconstruction process and intermediate results are delivered to the user . incremental pipelines are capable of growing a 3d model but often get stuck in local minima due to wrong ( binding ) decisions taken based o ←
→ determining leishmania infection levels by automatic analysis of microscopy images ; analysis of microscopy images is one important tool in many fields of biomedical research , as it allows the quantification of a multitude of parameters at the cellular level . however , manual counting of these images is both tiring and unreliable and ultimately very time - consuming for biomedical researchers . not only does this slow down the overall research process , it also introduces counting errors due to a lack of objec ←
→ appearance - based gaze estimation in the wild ; appearance - based gaze estimation is believed to work well in real - world settings , but existing datasets have been collected under controlled laboratory conditions and methods have been not evaluated across multiple datasets . in this work we study appearance - based gaze estimation in the wild . we present the mpiigaze dataset that contains 213 , 659 images we collected from 15 participants during natural everyday laptop use over more than three months . our dataset i ←
→ segmentation of drosophila heart in optical coherence microscopy images using convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks are powerful tools for image segmentation and classification . here , we use this method to identify and mark the heart region of drosophila at different developmental stages in the cross - sectional images acquired by a custom optical coherence microscopy ( ocm ) system . with our well - trained convolutional neural network model , the heart regions through multiple heartbeat ←
→ a deep cascade of convolutional neural networks for dynamic mr image reconstruction ; inspired by recent advances in deep learning , we propose a framework for reconstructing dynamic sequences of 2d cardiac magnetic resonance ( mr ) images from undersampled data using a deep cascade of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to accelerate the data acquisition process . in particular , we address the case where data is acquired using aggressive cartesian undersampling . firstly , we show that when each 2d image fram ←
→ deep representation of facial geometric and photometric attributes for automatic 3d facial expression recognition ; in this paper , we present a novel approach to automatic 3d facial expression recognition ( fer ) based on deep representation of facial 3d geometric and 2d photometric attributes . a 3d face is firstly represented by its geometric and photometric attributes , including the geometry map , normal maps , normalized curvature map and texture map . these maps are then fed into a pre - trained deep convolu ←
→ a dynamic connectome supports the emergence of stable computational function of neural circuits through reward - based learning ; synaptic connections between neurons in the brain are dynamic because of continuously ongoing spine dynamics , axonal sprouting , and other processes . in fact , it was recently shown that the spontaneous synapse - autonomous component of spine dynamics is at least as large as the component that depends on the history of pre - and postsynaptic neural activity . these data are inconsisten ←
→ asynchronous decentralized parallel stochastic gradient descent ; most commonly used distributed machine learning systems are either synchronous or centralized asynchronous . synchronous algorithms like allreduce - sgd perform poorly in a heterogeneous environment , while asynchronous algorithms using a parameter server suffer from 1 ) communication bottleneck at parameter servers when workers are many , and 2 ) significantly worse convergence when the traffic to parameter server is congested . can we design an alg ←
→ network - guided biomarker discovery ; identifying measurable genetic indicators ( or biomarkers ) of a specific condition of a biological system is a key element of precision medicine . indeed it allows to tailor diagnostic , prognostic and treatment choice to individual characteristics of a patient . in machine learning terms , biomarker discovery can be framed as a feature selection problem on whole - genome data sets . however , classical feature selection methods are usually underpowered to process these data sets ←
→ statistical mechanics of neocortical interactions : portfolio of physiological indicators ; there are several kinds of non - invasive imaging methods that are used to collect data from the brain , e . g ., eeg , meg , pet , spect , fmri , etc . it is difficult to get resolution of information processing using any one of these methods . approaches to integrate data sources may help to get better resolution of data and better correlations to behavioral phenomena ranging from attention to diagnoses of disease . the approac ←
→ hybrid light field imaging for improved spatial resolution and depth range ; light field imaging involves capturing both angular and spatial distribution of light ; it enables new capabilities , such as post - capture digital refocusing , camera aperture adjustment , perspective shift , and depth estimation . micro - lens array ( mla ) based light field cameras provide a cost - effective approach to light field imaging . there are two main limitations of mla - based light field cameras : low spatial resolution and narrow b ←
→ nuclear discrepancy for active learning ; active learning algorithms propose which unlabeled objects should be queried for their labels to improve a predictive model the most . we study active learners that minimize generalization bounds and uncover relationships between these bounds that lead to an improved approach to active learning . in particular we show the relation between the bound of the state - of - the - art maximum mean discrepancy ( mmd ) active learner , the bound of the discrepancy , and a new and looser ←
→ bayesian multi plate high throughput screening of compounds ; high throughput screening of compounds ( chemicals ) is an essential part of drug discovery [ 7 ], involving thousands to millions of compounds , with the purpose of identifying candidate hits . most statistical tools , including the industry standard b - score method , work on individual compound plates and do not exploit cross - plate correlation or statistical strength among plates . we present a new statistical framework for high throughput screening of c ←
→ coverage embedding models for neural machine translation ; in this paper , we enhance the attention - based neural machine translation ( nmt ) by adding explicit coverage embedding models to alleviate issues of repeating and dropping translations in nmt . for each source word , our model starts with a full coverage embedding vector to track the coverage status , and then keeps updating it with neural networks as the translation goes . experiments on the large - scale chinese - to - english task show that our enhanced mode ←
→ a theory of intelligence : networked problem solving in animal societies ; a society ' s single emergent , increasing intelligence arises partly from the thermodynamic advantages of networking the innate intelligence of different individuals , and partly from the accumulation of solved problems . economic growth is proportional to the square of the network entropy of a society ' s population times the network entropy of the number of the society ' s solved problems .←
→ multi - objective analysis of computational models ; computational models are of increasing complexity and their behavior may in particular emerge from the interaction of different parts . studying such models becomes then more and more difficult and there is a need for methods and tools supporting this process . multi - objective evolutionary algorithms generate a set of trade - off solutions instead of a single optimal solution . the availability of a set of solutions that have the specificity to be optimal relati ←
→ crossmodal attentive skill learner ; this paper presents the crossmodal attentive skill learner ( casl ), integrated with the recently - introduced asynchronous advantage option - critic ( a2oc ) architecture [ harb et al ., 2017 ] to enable hierarchical reinforcement learning across multiple sensory inputs . we provide concrete examples where the approach not only improves performance in a single task , but accelerates transfer to new tasks . we demonstrate the attention mechanism anticipates and identifies useful laten ←
→ parallel gaussian process regression with low - rank covariance matrix approximations ; gaussian processes ( gp ) are bayesian non - parametric models that are widely used for probabilistic regression . unfortunately , it cannot scale well with large data nor perform real - time predictions due to its cubic time cost in the data size . this paper presents two parallel gp regression methods that exploit low - rank covariance matrix approximations for distributing the computational load among parallel machines to achiev ←
→ parallel spell - checking algorithm based on yahoo ! n - grams dataset ; spell - checking is the process of detecting and sometimes providing suggestions for incorrectly spelled words in a text . basically , the larger the dictionary of a spell - checker is , the higher is the error detection rate ; otherwise , misspellings would pass undetected . unfortunately , traditional dictionaries suffer from out - of - vocabulary and data sparseness problems as they do not encompass large vocabulary of words indispensable to cover prop ←
→ elliptical modeling and pattern analysis for perturbation models and classfication ; the characteristics ( or numerical patterns ) of a feature vector in the transform domain of a perturbation model differ significantly from those of its corresponding feature vector in the input domain . these differences - caused by the perturbation techniques used for the transformation of feature patterns - degrade the performance of machine learning techniques in the transform domain . in this paper , we proposed a nonline ←
→ unsupervised context - sensitive spelling correction of english and dutch clinical free - text with word and character n - gram embeddings ; we present an unsupervised context - sensitive spelling correction method for clinical free - text that uses word and character n - gram embeddings . our method generates misspelling replacement candidates and ranks them according to their semantic fit , by calculating a weighted cosine similarity between the vectorized representation of a candidate and the misspelling context . to ←
→ attend , adapt and transfer : attentive deep architecture for adaptive transfer from multiple sources in the same domain ; transferring knowledge from prior source tasks in solving a new target task can be useful in several learning applications . the application of transfer poses two serious challenges which have not been adequately addressed . first , the agent should be able to avoid negative transfer , which happens when the transfer hampers or slows down the learning instead of helping it . second , the agen ←
→ dropmax : adaptive variational softmax ; we propose dropmax , a stochastic version of softmax classifier which at each iteration drops non - target classes according to dropout probabilities adaptively decided for each instance . specifically , we overlay binary masking variables over class output probabilities , which are input - adaptively learned via variational inference . this stochastic regularization has an effect of building an ensemble classifier out of exponentially many classifiers with different decision ←
→ non - gaussian scale space filtering with 2 by 2 matrix of linear filters ; construction of a scale space with a convolution filter has been studied extensively in the past . it has been proven that the only convolution kernel that satisfies the scale space requirements is a gaussian type . in this paper , we consider a matrix of convolution filters introduced in [ 1 ] as a building kernel for a scale space , and shows that we can construct a non - gaussian scale space with a $ 2 \ times 2 $ matrix of filters . the paper ←
→ to go deep or wide in learning ? ; to achieve acceptable performance for ai tasks , one can either use sophisticated feature extraction methods as the first layer in a two - layered supervised learning model , or learn the features directly using a deep ( multi - layered ) model . while the first approach is very problem - specific , the second approach has computational overheads in learning multiple layers and fine - tuning of the model . in this paper , we propose an approach called wide learning based on arc - cosine kern ←
→ characterizing ambiguity in light source invariant shape from shading ; shape from shading is a classical inverse problem in computer vision . this shape reconstruction problem is inherently ill - defined ; it depends on the assumed light source direction . we introduce a novel mathematical formulation for calculating local surface shape based on covariant derivatives of the shading flow field , rather than the customary integral minimization or p . d . e approaches . on smooth surfaces , we show second derivatives of ←
→ large scale correlation clustering optimization ; clustering is a fundamental task in unsupervised learning . the focus of this paper is the correlation clustering functional which combines positive and negative affinities between the data points . the contribution of this paper is two fold : ( i ) provide a theoretic analysis of the functional . ( ii ) new optimization algorithms which can cope with large scale problems (> 100k variables ) that are infeasible using existing methods . our theoretic analysis provides a ←
→ a characterization of the dirichlet distribution with application to learning bayesian networks ; we provide a new characterization of the dirichlet distribution . this characterization implies that under assumptions made by several previous authors for learning belief networks , a dirichlet prior on the parameters is inevitable .←
→ towards bin packing ( preliminary problem survey , models with multiset estimates ) ; the paper described a generalized integrated glance to bin packing problems including a brief literature survey and some new problem formulations for the cases of multiset estimates of items . a new systemic viewpoint to bin packing problems is suggested : ( a ) basic element sets ( item set , bin set , item subset assigned to bin ), ( b ) binary relation over the sets : relation over item set as compatibility , precedence , dominance ; ←
→ generalized principal component analysis ( gpca ) ; this paper presents an algebro - geometric solution to the problem of segmenting an unknown number of subspaces of unknown and varying dimensions from sample data points . we represent the subspaces with a set of homogeneous polynomials whose degree is the number of subspaces and whose derivatives at a data point give normal vectors to the subspace passing through the point . when the number of subspaces is known , we show that these polynomials can be estimated ←
→ implementing a test strategy for an advanced video acquisition and processing architecture ; this paper presents some aspects related to test process of an advanced video system used in remote ip surveillance . the system is based on a pentium compatible architecture using the industrial standard pc104 +. first the overall architecture of the system is presented , involving both hardware or software aspects . the acquisition board which is developed in a special , nonstandard architecture , is also briefly pres ←
→ partial procedural geometric model fitting for point clouds ; geometric model fitting is a fundamental task in computer graphics and computer vision . however , most geometric model fitting methods are unable to fit an arbitrary geometric model ( e . g . a surface with holes ) to incomplete data , due to that the similarity metrics used in these methods are unable to measure the rigid partial similarity between arbitrary models . this paper hence proposes a novel rigid geometric similarity metric , which is able to m ←
→ sgd learns the conjugate kernel class of the network ; we show that the standard stochastic gradient decent ( sgd ) algorithm is guaranteed to learn , in polynomial time , a function that is competitive with the best function in the conjugate kernel space of the network , as defined in daniely , frostig and singer . the result holds for log - depth networks from a rich family of architectures . to the best of our knowledge , it is the first polynomial - time guarantee for the standard neural network learning algorithm f ←
→ bound propagation ; in this article we present an algorithm to compute bounds on the marginals of a graphical model . for several small clusters of nodes upper and lower bounds on the marginal values are computed independently of the rest of the network . the range of allowed probability distributions over the surrounding nodes is restricted using earlier computed bounds . as we will show , this can be considered as a set of constraints in a linear programming problem of which the objective function is the marg ←
→ cooking in the kitchen : recognizing and segmenting human activities in videos ; as research on action recognition matures , the focus is shifting away from categorizing basic task - oriented actions using hand - segmented video datasets to understanding complex goal - oriented daily human activities in real - world settings . temporally structured models would seem obvious to tackle this set of problems , but so far , cases where these models have outperformed simpler unstructured bag - of - word types of models are scar ←
→ integration of declarative and constraint programming ; combining a set of existing constraint solvers into an integrated system of cooperating solvers is a useful and economic principle to solve hybrid constraint problems . in this paper we show that this approach can also be used to integrate different language paradigms into a unified framework . furthermore , we study the syntactic , semantic and operational impacts of this idea for the amalgamation of declarative and constraint programming .←
→ visual reasoning with natural language ; natural language provides a widely accessible and expressive interface for robotic agents . to understand language in complex environments , agents must reason about the full range of language inputs and their correspondence to the world . such reasoning over language and vision is an open problem that is receiving increasing attention . while existing data sets focus on visual diversity , they do not display the full range of natural language expressions , such as countin ←
→ a line - point unified solution to relative camera pose estimation ; in this work we present a unified method of relative camera pose estimation from points and lines correspondences . given a set of 2d points and lines correspondences in three views , of which two are known , a method has been developed for estimating the camera pose of the third view . novelty of this algorithm is to combine both points and lines correspondences in the camera pose estimation which enables us to compute relative camera pose with ←
→ an affinity propagation based method for vector quantization codebook design ; in this paper , we firstly modify a parameter in affinity propagation ( ap ) to improve its convergence ability , and then , we apply it to vector quantization ( vq ) codebook design problem . in order to improve the quality of the resulted codebook , we combine the improved ap ( iap ) with the conventional lbg algorithm to generate an effective algorithm call iap - lbg . according to the experimental results , the proposed method not only en ←
→ noisy natural gradient as variational inference ; variational bayesian neural nets combine the flexibility of deep learning with bayesian uncertainty estimation . unfortunately , there is a tradeoff between cheap but simple variational families ( e . g .~ fully factorized ) or expensive and complicated inference procedures . we show that natural gradient ascent with adaptive weight noise implicitly fits a variational posterior to maximize the evidence lower bound ( elbo ). this insight allows us to train full - covarian ←
→ f - svm : combination of feature transformation and svm learning via convex relaxation ; the generalization error bound of support vector machine ( svm ) depends on the ratio of radius and margin , while standard svm only considers the maximization of the margin but ignores the minimization of the radius . several approaches have been proposed to integrate radius and margin for joint learning of feature transformation and svm classifier . however , most of them either require the form of the transformation matrix ←
→ first and second order methods for online convolutional dictionary learning ; convolutional sparse representations are a form of sparse representation with a structured , translation invariant dictionary . most convolutional dictionary learning algorithms to date operate in batch mode , requiring simultaneous access to all training images during the learning process , which results in very high memory usage and severely limits the training data that can be used . very recently , however , a number of authors hav ←
→ efficient and accurate approximations of nonlinear convolutional networks ; this paper aims to accelerate the test - time computation of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). unlike existing methods that are designed for approximating linear filters or linear responses , our method takes the nonlinear units into account . we minimize the reconstruction error of the nonlinear responses , subject to a low - rank constraint which helps to reduce the complexity of filters . we develop an effective solution to th ←
→ a convolution tree with deconvolution branches : exploiting geometric relationships for single shot keypoint detection ; recently , deep convolution networks ( dcnns ) have been applied to the task of face alignment and have shown potential for learning improved feature representations . although deeper layers can capture abstract concepts like pose , it is difficult to capture the geometric relationships among the keypoints in dcnns . in this paper , we propose a novel convolution - deconvolution network for facia ←
→ finite - time analysis of kernelised contextual bandits ; we tackle the problem of online reward maximisation over a large finite set of actions described by their contexts . we focus on the case when the number of actions is too big to sample all of them even once . however we assume that we have access to the similarities between actions ' contexts and that the expected reward is an arbitrary linear function of the contexts ' images in the related reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ). we propose kernelucb , a ←
→ template matching with deformable diversity similarity ; we propose a novel measure for template matching named deformable diversity similarity -- based on the diversity of feature matches between a target image window and the template . we rely on both local appearance and geometric information that jointly lead to a powerful approach for matching . our key contribution is a similarity measure , that is robust to complex deformations , significant background clutter , and occlusions . empirical evaluation on the ←
→ multi - label zero - shot learning with structured knowledge graphs ; in this paper , we propose a novel deep learning architecture for multi - label zero - shot learning ( ml - zsl ), which is able to predict multiple unseen class labels for each input instance . inspired by the way humans utilize semantic knowledge between objects of interests , we propose a framework that incorporates knowledge graphs for describing the relationships between multiple labels . our model learns an information propagation mechanism from th ←
→ hodgerank with information maximization for crowdsourced pairwise ranking aggregation ; recently , crowdsourcing has emerged as an effective paradigm for human - powered large scale problem solving in various domains . however , task requester usually has a limited amount of budget , thus it is desirable to have a policy to wisely allocate the budget to achieve better quality . in this paper , we study the principle of information maximization for active sampling strategies in the framework of hodgerank , an appro ←
→ on the usability of probably approximately correct implication bases ; we revisit the notion of probably approximately correct implication bases from the literature and present a first formulation in the language of formal concept analysis , with the goal to investigate whether such bases represent a suitable substitute for exact implication bases in practical use - cases . to this end , we quantitatively examine the behavior of probably approximately correct implication bases on artificial and real - world data s ←
→ duluth at semeval -- 2016 task 14 : extending gloss overlaps to enrich semantic taxonomies ; this paper describes the duluth systems that participated in task 14 of semeval 2016 , semantic taxonomy enrichment . there were three related systems in the formal evaluation which are discussed here , along with numerous post -- evaluation runs . all of these systems identified synonyms between wordnet and other dictionaries by measuring the gloss overlaps between them . these systems perform better than the random basel ←
→ asymptotic analysis via stochastic differential equations of gradient descent algorithms in statistical and computational paradigms ; this paper investigates asymptotic behaviors of gradient descent algorithms ( particularly accelerated gradient descent and stochastic gradient descent ) in the context of stochastic optimization arose in statistics and machine learning where objective functions are estimated from available data . we show that these algorithms can be modeled by continuous - time ordinary or stoc ←
→ a self - organized neural comparator ; learning algorithms need generally the possibility to compare several streams of information . neural learning architectures hence need a unit , a comparator , able to compare several inputs encoding either internal or external information , like for instance predictions and sensory readings . without the possibility of comparing the values of prediction to actual sensory inputs , reward evaluation and supervised learning would not be possible . comparators are usually not im ←
→ unwritten languages demand attention too ! word discovery with encoder - decoder models ; word discovery is the task of extracting words from unsegmented text . in this paper we examine to what extent neural networks can be applied to this task in a realistic unwritten language scenario , where only small corpora and limited annotations are available . we investigate two scenarios : one with no supervision and another with limited supervision with access to the most frequent words . obtained results show that it ←
→ zoom - in - net : deep mining lesions for diabetic retinopathy detection ; we propose a convolution neural network based algorithm for simultaneously diagnosing diabetic retinopathy and highlighting suspicious regions . our contributions are two folds : 1 ) a network termed zoom - in - net which mimics the zoom - in process of a clinician to examine the retinal images . trained with only image - level supervisions , zoomin - net can generate attention maps which highlight suspicious regions , and predicts the disease level accu ←
→ efficient privacy preserving viola - jones type object detection via random base image representation ; a cloud server spent a lot of time , energy and money to train a viola - jones type object detector with high accuracy . clients can upload their photos to the cloud server to find objects . however , the client does not want the leakage of the content of his / her photos . in the meanwhile , the cloud server is also reluctant to leak any parameters of the trained object detectors . 10 years ago , avidan & butman int ←
→ a deep reinforced model for abstractive summarization ; attentional , rnn - based encoder - decoder models for abstractive summarization have achieved good performance on short input and output sequences . for longer documents and summaries however these models often include repetitive and incoherent phrases . we introduce a neural network model with a novel intra - attention that attends over the input and continuously generated output separately , and a new training method that combines standard supervised word pre ←
→ a novel embedding model for knowledge base completion based on convolutional neural network ; in this paper , we propose a novel embedding model , named convkb , for knowledge base completion . our model convkb advances state - of - the - art models by employing a convolutional neural network , so that it can capture global relationships and transitional characteristics between entities and relations in knowledge bases . in convkb , each triple ( head entity , relation , tail entity ) is represented as a 3 - column matrix w ←
→ lie algebrized gaussians for image representation ; we present an image representation method which is derived from analyzing gaussian probability density function (\ emph { pdf }) space using lie group theory . in our proposed method , images are modeled by gaussian mixture models ( gmms ) which are adapted from a globally trained gmm called universal background model ( ubm ). then we vectorize the gmms based on two facts : ( 1 ) components of image - specific gmms are closely grouped together around their corresponding ←
→ privileged multi - label learning ; this paper presents privileged multi - label learning ( prml ) to explore and exploit the relationship between labels in multi - label learning problems . we suggest that for each individual label , it cannot only be implicitly connected with other labels via the low - rank constraint over label predictors , but also its performance on examples can receive the explicit comments from other labels together acting as an \ emph { oracle teacher }. we generate privileged label feature for each ←
→ a method for planning given uncertain and incomplete information ; this paper describes ongoing research into planning in an uncertain environment . in particular , it introduces u - plan , a planning system that constructs quantitatively ranked plans given an incomplete description of the state of the world . u - plan uses a dempstershafer interval to characterise uncertain and incomplete information about the state of the world . the planner takes as input what is known about the world , and constructs a number of ←
→ separated by an un - common language : towards judgment language informed vector space modeling ; a common evaluation practice in the vector space models ( vsms ) literature is to measure the models ' ability to predict human judgments about lexical semantic relations between word pairs . most existing evaluation sets , however , consist of scores collected for english word pairs only , ignoring the potential impact of the judgment language in which word pairs are presented on the human scores . in this paper we tra ←
→ learning inference models for computer vision ; computer vision can be understood as the ability to perform inference on image data . breakthroughs in computer vision technology are often marked by advances in inference techniques . this thesis proposes novel inference schemes and demonstrates applications in computer vision . we propose inference techniques for both generative and discriminative vision models . the use of generative models in vision is often hampered by the difficulty of posterior inference . w ←
→ learning latent representations in neural networks for clustering through pseudo supervision and graph - based activity regularization ; in this paper , we propose a novel unsupervised clustering approach exploiting the hidden information that is indirectly introduced through a pseudo classification objective . specifically , we randomly assign a pseudo parent - class label to each observation which is then modified by applying the domain specific transformation associated with the assigned label . generated pseu ←
→ a framework for knowledge management and automated reasoning applied on intelligent transport systems ; cyber - physical systems in general , and intelligent transport systems ( its ) in particular use heterogeneous data sources combined with problem solving expertise in order to make critical decisions that may lead to some form of actions e . g ., driver notifications , change of traffic light signals and braking to prevent an accident . currently , a major part of the decision process is done by human domain expe ←
→ information theoretic interpretation of deep learning ; we interpret part of the experimental results of shwartz - ziv and tishby [ 2017 ]. inspired by these results , we established a conjecture of the dynamics of the machinary of deep neural network . this conjecture can be used to explain the counterpart result by saxe et al . [ 2018 ].←
→ separating style and content for generalized style transfer ; neural style transfer has drawn broad attention in recent years . however , most existing methods aim to explicitly model the transformation between different styles , and the learned model is thus not generalizable to new styles . we here attempt to separate the representations for styles and contents , and propose a generalized style transfer network consisting of style encoder , content encoder , mixer and decoder . the style encoder and content encod ←
→ training quantized nets : a deeper understanding ; currently , deep neural networks are deployed on low - power portable devices by first training a full - precision model using powerful hardware , and then deriving a corresponding low - precision model for efficient inference on such systems . however , training models directly with coarsely quantized weights is a key step towards learning on embedded platforms that have limited computing resources , memory capacity , and power consumption . numerous recent publications ←
→ iterative hessian sketch : fast and accurate solution approximation for constrained least - squares ; we study randomized sketching methods for approximately solving least - squares problem with a general convex constraint . the quality of a least - squares approximation can be assessed in different ways : either in terms of the value of the quadratic objective function ( cost approximation ), or in terms of some distance measure between the approximate minimizer and the true minimizer ( solution approximation ). focu ←
→ isotropic pca and affine - invariant clustering ; we present a new algorithm for clustering points in r ^ n . the key property of the algorithm is that it is affine - invariant , i . e ., it produces the same partition for any affine transformation of the input . it has strong guarantees when the input is drawn from a mixture model . for a mixture of two arbitrary gaussians , the algorithm correctly classifies the sample assuming only that the two components are separable by a hyperplane , i . e ., there exists a halfspace t ←
→ stability analysis of optimal adaptive control using value iteration with approximation errors ; adaptive optimal control using value iteration initiated from a stabilizing control policy is theoretically analyzed in terms of stability of the system during the learning stage without ignoring the effects of approximation errors . this analysis includes the system operated using any single / constant resulting control policy and also using an evolving / time - varying control policy . a feature of the presented res ←
→ an emphatic approach to the problem of off - policy temporal - difference learning ; in this paper we introduce the idea of improving the performance of parametric temporal - difference ( td ) learning algorithms by selectively emphasizing or de - emphasizing their updates on different time steps . in particular , we show that varying the emphasis of linear td ($\ lambda $)' s updates in a particular way causes its expected update to become stable under off - policy training . the only prior model - free td methods to achieve ←
→ analytical approach to bit - string models of language evolution ; a formulation of bit - string models of language evolution , based on differential equations for the population speaking each language , is introduced and preliminarily studied . connections with replicator dynamics and diffusion processes are pointed out . the stability of the dominance state , where most of the population speaks a single language , is analyzed within a mean - field - like approximation , while the homogeneous state , where the population ←
→ user reviews and language : how language influences ratings ; the number of user reviews of tourist attractions , restaurants , mobile apps , etc . is increasing for all languages ; yet , research is lacking on how reviews in multiple languages should be aggregated and displayed . speakers of different languages may have consistently different experiences , e . g ., different information available in different languages at tourist attractions or different user experiences with software due to internationalization / local ←
→ developing an ontology for the access to the contents of an archival fonds : the case of the catasto gregoriano ; the research was proposed to exploit and extend the relational and contextual nature of the information assets of the catasto gregoriano , kept at the archivio di stato in rome . developed within the modeus project ( making open data effectively usable ), this study originates from the following key ideas of modeus : to require open data to be expressed in terms of an ontology , and to include such a ←
→ category theory , logic and formal linguistics : some connections , old and new ; we seize the opportunity of the publication of selected papers from the \ emph { logic , categories , semantics } workshop in the \ emph { journal of applied logic } to survey some current trends in logic , namely intuitionistic and linear type theories , that interweave categorical , geometrical and computational considerations . we thereafter present how these rich logical frameworks can model the way language conveys meaning .←
→ a crf based pos tagger for code - mixed indian social media text ; in this work , we describe a conditional random fields ( crf ) based system for part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging of code - mixed indian social media text as part of our participation in the tool contest on pos tagging for codemixed indian social media text , held in conjunction with the 2016 international conference on natural language processing , iit ( bhu ), india . we participated only in constrained mode contest for all three language pairs , bengali - en ←
→ efficiently inducing features of conditional random fields ; conditional random fields ( crfs ) are undirected graphical models , a special case of which correspond to conditionally - trained finite state machines . a key advantage of these models is their great flexibility to include a wide array of overlapping , multi - granularity , non - independent features of the input . in face of this freedom , an important question that remains is , what features should be used ? this paper presents a feature induction method for ←
→ a connection between feed - forward neural networks and probabilistic graphical models ; two of the most popular modelling paradigms in computer vision are feed - forward neural networks ( ffns ) and probabilistic graphical models ( gms ). various connections between the two have been studied in recent works , such as e . g . expressing mean - field based inference in a gm as an ffn . this paper establishes a new connection between ffns and gms . our key observation is that any ffn implements a certain approximation of a ←
→ pan - tilt camera and pir sensor fusion based moving object detection for mobile security robots ; one of fundamental issues for security robots is to detect and track people in the surroundings . the main problems of this task are real - time constraints , a changing background , varying illumination conditions and a non - rigid shape of the person to be tracked . in this paper , we propose a solution for tracking with a pan - tilt camera and a passive infrared range ( pir ) sensor to detect the moving object based on ←
→ spiking memristor logic gates are a type of time - variant perceptron ; memristors are low - power memory - holding resistors thought to be useful for neuromophic computing , which can compute via spike - interactions mediated through the device ' s short - term memory . using interacting spikes , it is possible to build an and gate that computes or at the same time , similarly a full adder can be built that computes the arithmetical sum of its inputs . here we show how these gates can be understood by modelling the memrist ←
→ towards the selection of patients requiring icd implantation by automatic classification from holter monitoring indices ; the purpose of this study is to optimize the selection of prophylactic cardioverter defibrillator implantation candidates . currently , the main criterion for implantation is a low left ventricular ejection fraction ( lvef ) whose specificity is relatively poor . we designed two classifiers aimed to predict , from long term ecg recordings ( holter ), whether a low - lvef patient is likely or not ←
→ algorithmic songwriting with alysia ; this paper introduces alysia : automated lyrical songwriting application . alysia is based on a machine learning model using random forests , and we discuss its success at pitch and rhythm prediction . next , we show how alysia was used to create original pop songs that were subsequently recorded and produced . finally , we discuss our vision for the future of automated songwriting for both co - creative and autonomous systems .←
→ image decomposition with anisotropic diffusion applied to leaf - texture analysis ; texture analysis is an important field of investigation that has received a great deal of interest from computer vision community . in this paper , we propose a novel approach for texture modeling based on partial differential equation ( pde ). each image $ f $ is decomposed into a family of derived sub - images . $ f $ is split into the $ u $ component , obtained with anisotropic diffusion , and the $ v $ component which is calculated by th ←
→ a natural language query interface for searching personal information on smartwatches ; currently , personal assistant systems , run on smartphones and use natural language interfaces . however , these systems rely mostly on the web for finding information . mobile and wearable devices can collect an enormous amount of contextual personal data such as sleep and physical activities . these information objects and their applications are known as quantified - self , mobile health or personal informatics , and they can ←
→ image - grounded conversations : multimodal context for natural question and response generation ; the popularity of image sharing on social media and the engagement it creates between users reflects the important role that visual context plays in everyday conversations . we present a novel task , image - grounded conversations ( igc ), in which natural - sounding conversations are generated about a shared image . to benchmark progress , we introduce a new multiple - reference dataset of crowd - sourced , event - centric con ←
→ finite - state non - concatenative morphotactics ; finite - state morphology in the general tradition of the two - level and xerox implementations has proved very successful in the production of robust morphological analyzer - generators , including many large - scale commercial systems . however , it has long been recognized that these implementations have serious limitations in handling non - concatenative phenomena . we describe a new technique for constructing finite - state transducers that involves reapplying the regular ←
→ deep learning with s - shaped rectified linear activation units ; rectified linear activation units are important components for state - of - the - art deep convolutional networks . in this paper , we propose a novel s - shaped rectified linear activation unit ( srelu ) to learn both convex and non - convex functions , imitating the multiple function forms given by the two fundamental laws , namely the webner - fechner law and the stevens law , in psychophysics and neural sciences . specifically , srelu consists of three piecewis ←
→ joint estimation of precision matrices in heterogeneous populations ; we introduce a general framework for estimation of inverse covariance , or precision , matrices from heterogeneous populations . the proposed framework uses a laplacian shrinkage penalty to encourage similarity among estimates from disparate , but related , subpopulations , while allowing for differences among matrices . we propose an efficient alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) algorithm for parameter estimation , as well as its ←
→ knowledge transfer with medical language embeddings ; identifying relationships between concepts is a key aspect of scientific knowledge synthesis . finding these links often requires a researcher to laboriously search through scien - tific papers and databases , as the size of these resources grows ever larger . in this paper we describe how distributional semantics can be used to unify structured knowledge graphs with unstructured text to predict new relationships between medical concepts , using a probabilist ←
→ vagueness of linguistic variable ; in the area of computer science focusing on creating machines that can engage on behaviors that humans consider intelligent . the ability to create intelligent machines has intrigued humans since ancient times and today with the advent of the computer and 50 years of research into various programming techniques , the dream of smart machines is becoming a reality . researchers are creating systems which can mimic human thought , understand speech , beat the best human chessplaye ←
→ stability analysis and learning bounds for transductive regression algorithms ; this paper uses the notion of algorithmic stability to derive novel generalization bounds for several families of transductive regression algorithms , both by using convexity and closed - form solutions . our analysis helps compare the stability of these algorithms . it also shows that a number of widely used transductive regression algorithms are in fact unstable . finally , it reports the results of experiments with local transduct ←
→ traffic prediction based on random connectivity in deep learning with long short - term memory ; traffic prediction plays an important role in evaluating the performance of telecommunication networks and attracts intense research interests . a significant number of algorithms and models have been proposed to learn knowledge from traffic data and improve the prediction accuracy . in the recent big data era , the relevant research enthusiasm remains and deep learning has been exploited to extract the useful info ←
→ iterated tabu search algorithm for packing unequal circles in a circle ; this paper presents an iterated tabu search algorithm ( denoted by its - pucc ) for solving the problem of packing unequal circles in a circle . the algorithm exploits the continuous and combinatorial nature of the unequal circles packing problem . it uses a continuous local optimization method to generate locally optimal packings . meanwhile , it builds a neighborhood structure on the set of local minimum via two appropriate perturbation move ←
→ regularization and kernelization of the maximin correlation approach ; robust classification becomes challenging when each class consists of multiple subclasses . examples include multi - font optical character recognition and automated protein function prediction . in correlation - based nearest - neighbor classification , the maximin correlation approach ( mca ) provides the worst - case optimal solution by minimizing the maximum misclassification risk through an iterative procedure . despite the optimality , the origin ←
→ the libra toolkit for probabilistic models ; the libra toolkit is a collection of algorithms for learning and inference with discrete probabilistic models , including bayesian networks , markov networks , dependency networks , and sum - product networks . compared to other toolkits , libra places a greater emphasis on learning the structure of tractable models in which exact inference is efficient . it also includes a variety of algorithms for learning graphical models in which inference is potentially intractable , ←
→ proximal newton - type methods for minimizing composite functions ; we generalize newton - type methods for minimizing smooth functions to handle a sum of two convex functions : a smooth function and a nonsmooth function with a simple proximal mapping . we show that the resulting proximal newton - type methods inherit the desirable convergence behavior of newton - type methods for minimizing smooth functions , even when search directions are computed inexactly . many popular methods tailored to problems arising in bioi ←
→ a simple , fast diverse decoding algorithm for neural generation ; in this paper , we propose a simple , fast decoding algorithm that fosters diversity in neural generation . the algorithm modifies the standard beam search algorithm by adding an inter - sibling ranking penalty , favoring choosing hypotheses from diverse parents . we evaluate the proposed model on the tasks of dialogue response generation , abstractive summarization and machine translation . we find that diverse decoding helps across all tasks , especi ←
→ learning to classify with possible sensor failures ; in this paper , we propose a general framework to learn a robust large - margin binary classifier when corrupt measurements , called anomalies , caused by sensor failure might be present in the training set . the goal is to minimize the generalization error of the classifier on non - corrupted measurements while controlling the false alarm rate associated with anomalous samples . by incorporating a non - parametric regularizer based on an empirical entropy estimator ←
→ why we need new evaluation metrics for nlg ; the majority of nlg evaluation relies on automatic metrics , such as bleu . in this paper , we motivate the need for novel , system - and data - independent automatic evaluation methods : we investigate a wide range of metrics , including state - of - the - art word - based and novel grammar - based ones , and demonstrate that they only weakly reflect human judgements of system outputs as generated by data - driven , end - to - end nlg . we also show that metric performance is data - and sy ←
→ a generative model of people in clothing ; we present the first image - based generative model of people in clothing for the full body . we sidestep the commonly used complex graphics rendering pipeline and the need for high - quality 3d scans of dressed people . instead , we learn generative models from a large image database . the main challenge is to cope with the high variance in human pose , shape and appearance . for this reason , pure image - based approaches have not been considered so far . we show that this cha ←
→ kernels for global constraints ; bessiere et al . ( aaai ' 08 ) showed that several intractable global constraints can be efficiently propagated when certain natural problem parameters are small . in particular , the complete propagation of a global constraint is fixed - parameter tractable in k - the number of holes in domains - whenever bound consistency can be enforced in polynomial time ; this applies to the global constraints atmost - nvalue and extended global cardinality ( egc ). in this paper we extend this lin ←
→ a general framework of dual certificate analysis for structured sparse recovery problems ; this paper develops a general theoretical framework to analyze structured sparse recovery problems using the notation of dual certificate . although certain aspects of the dual certificate idea have already been used in some previous work , due to the lack of a general and coherent theory , the analysis has so far only been carried out in limited scopes for specific problems . in this context the current paper makes two ←
→ ontorich - a support tool for semi - automatic ontology enrichment and evaluation ; this paper presents the ontorich framework , a support tool for semi - automatic ontology enrichment and evaluation . the wordnet is used to extract candidates for dynamic ontology enrichment from rss streams . with the integration of opennlp the system gains access to syntactic analysis of the rss news . the enriched ontologies are evaluated against several qualitative metrics .←
→ zero - shot relation extraction via reading comprehension ; we show that relation extraction can be reduced to answering simple reading comprehension questions , by associating one or more natural - language questions with each relation slot . this reduction has several advantages : we can ( 1 ) learn relation - extraction models by extending recent neural reading - comprehension techniques , ( 2 ) build very large training sets for those models by combining relation - specific crowd - sourced questions with distant supervisio ←
→ cs591 report : application of siamesa network in 2d transformation ; deep learning has been extensively used various aspects of computer vision area . deep learning separate itself from traditional neural network by having a much deeper and complicated network layers in its network structures . traditionally , deep neural network is abundantly used in computer vision tasks including classification and detection and has achieve remarkable success and set up a new state of the art results in these fields . instead ←
→ intra - and - inter - constraint - based video enhancement based on piecewise tone mapping ; video enhancement plays an important role in various video applications . in this paper , we propose a new intra - and - inter - constraint - based video enhancement approach aiming to 1 ) achieve high intra - frame quality of the entire picture where multiple region - of - interests ( rois ) can be adaptively and simultaneously enhanced , and 2 ) guarantee the inter - frame quality consistencies among video frames . we first analyze features fr ←
→ applying gsat to non - clausal formulas ; in this paper we describe how to modify gsat so that it can be applied to non - clausal formulas . the idea is to use a particular `` score '' function which gives the number of clauses of the cnf conversion of a formula which are false under a given truth assignment . its value is computed in linear time , without constructing the cnf conversion itself . the proposed methodology applies to most of the variants of gsat proposed so far .←
→ competitive and penalized clustering auto - encoder ; the paper has been withdrawn since more effective experiments should be completed . auto - encoders ( ae ) has been widely applied in different fields of machine learning . however , as a deep model , there are a large amount of learnable parameters in the ae , which would cause over - fitting and slow learning speed in practice . many researchers have been study the intrinsic structure of ae and showed different useful methods to regularize those parameters . in thi ←
→ coarse - to - fine face alignment with multi - scale local patch regression ; facial landmark localization plays an important role in face recognition and analysis applications . in this paper , we give a brief introduction to a coarse - to - fine pipeline with neural networks and sequential regression . first , a global convolutional network is applied to the holistic facial image to give an initial landmark prediction . a pyramid of multi - scale local image patches is then cropped to feed to a new network for each landma ←
→ deep robust kalman filter ; a robust markov decision process ( rmdp ) is a sequential decision making model that accounts for uncertainty in the parameters of dynamic systems . this uncertainty introduces difficulties in learning an optimal policy , especially for environments with large state spaces . we propose two algorithms , rtd - dqn and deep - rok , for solving large - scale rmdps using nonlinear approximation schemes such as deep neural networks . the rtd - dqn algorithm incorporates the robust bellman temporal dif ←
→ a novel bayesian cluster enumeration criterion for unsupervised learning ; we derive a new bayesian information criterion ( bic ) from first principles by formulating the problem of estimating the number of clusters in an observed data set as maximization of the posterior probability of the candidate models . given that some mild assumptions are satisfied , we provide a general bic expression for a broad class of data distributions . this serves as an important milestone when deriving the bic for specific data d ←
→ sam : semantic attribute modulation for language modeling and style variation ; this paper presents a semantic attribute modulation ( sam ) for language modeling and style variation . the semantic attribute modulation includes various document attributes , such as titles , authors , and document categories . we consider two types of attributes , ( title attributes and category attributes ), and a flexible attribute selection scheme by automatically scoring them via an attribute attention mechanism . the semantic attr ←
→ fhhop : a factored hybrid heuristic online planning algorithm for large pomdps ; planning in partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) remains a challenging topic in the artificial intelligence community , in spite of recent impressive progress in approximation techniques . previous research has indicated that online planning approaches are promising in handling large - scale pomdp domains efficiently as they make decisions " on demand " instead of proactively for the entire state space . we present ←
→ structural weights in ontology matching ; ontology matching finds correspondences between similar entities of different ontologies . two ontologies may be similar in some aspects such as structure , semantic etc . most ontology matching systems integrate multiple matchers to extract all the similarities that two ontologies may have . thus , we face a major problem to aggregate different similarities . some matching systems use experimental weights for aggregation of similarities among different matchers while oth ←
→ constrained deep metric learning for person re - identification ; person re - identification aims to re - identify the probe image from a given set of images under different camera views . it is challenging due to large variations of pose , illumination , occlusion and camera view . since the convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have excellent capability of feature extraction , certain deep learning methods have been recently applied in person re - identification . however , in person re - identification , the deep networks o ←
→ graphical posterior predictive classifier : bayesian model averaging with particle gibbs ; in this study , we present a multi - class graphical bayesian predictive classifier that incorporates the uncertainty in the model selection into the standard bayesian formalism . for each class , the dependence structure underlying the observed features is represented by a set of decomposable gaussian graphical models . emphasis is then placed on the bayesian model averaging which takes full account of the class - specific ←
→ identity - preserving face recovery from portraits ; recovering the latent photorealistic faces from their artistic portraits aids human perception and facial analysis . however , a recovery process that can preserve identity is challenging because the fine details of real faces can be distorted or lost in stylized images . in this paper , we present a new identity - preserving face recovery from portraits ( ifrp ) to recover latent photorealistic faces from unaligned stylized portraits . our ifrp method consists of t ←
→ factored expectation propagation for input - output fhmm models in systems biology ; we consider the problem of joint modelling of metabolic signals and gene expression in systems biology applications . we propose an approach based on input - output factorial hidden markov models and propose a structured variational inference approach to infer the structure and states of the model . we start from the classical free form structured variational mean field approach and use a expectation propagation to approximate ←
→ from facial expression recognition to interpersonal relation prediction ; interpersonal relation defines the association , e . g ., warm , friendliness , and dominance , between two or more people . motivated by psychological studies , we investigate if such fine - grained and high - level relation traits can be characterized and quantified from face images in the wild . we address this challenging problem by first studying a deep network architecture for robust recognition of facial expressions . unlike existing models t ←
→ real - time and efficient method for accuracy enhancement of edge based license plate recognition system ; license plate recognition plays an important role on the traffic monitoring and parking management . administration and restriction of those transportation tools for their better service becomes very essential . in this paper , a fast and real time method has an appropriate application to find plates that the plat has tilt and the picture quality is poor . in the proposed method , at the beginning , the imag ←
→ learning gaussian networks ; we describe algorithms for learning bayesian networks from a combination of user knowledge and statistical data . the algorithms have two components : a scoring metric and a search procedure . the scoring metric takes a network structure , statistical data , and a user ' s prior knowledge , and returns a score proportional to the posterior probability of the network structure given the data . the search procedure generates networks for evaluation by the scoring metric . previous work has ←
→ physically - based rendering for indoor scene understanding using convolutional neural networks ; indoor scene understanding is central to applications such as robot navigation and human companion assistance . over the last years , data - driven deep neural networks have outperformed many traditional approaches thanks to their representation learning capabilities . one of the bottlenecks in training for better representations is the amount of available per - pixel ground truth data that is required for core scene ←
→ intrinsic light field images ; we present a method to automatically decompose a light field into its intrinsic shading and albedo components . contrary to previous work targeted to 2d single images and videos , a light field is a 4d structure that captures non - integrated incoming radiance over a discrete angular domain . this higher dimensionality of the problem renders previous state - of - the - art algorithms impractical either due to their cost of processing a single 2d slice , or their inability to enforce prope ←
→ predicting shot making in basketball learnt from adversarial multiagent trajectories ; in this paper , we predict the likelihood of a player making a shot in basketball from multiagent trajectories . previous approaches to similar problems center on hand - crafting features to capture domain specific knowledge . although intuitive , recent work in deep learning has shown this approach is prone to missing important predictive features . to circumvent this issue , we present a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) app ←
→ neural architecture search with reinforcement learning ; neural networks are powerful and flexible models that work well for many difficult learning tasks in image , speech and natural language understanding . despite their success , neural networks are still hard to design . in this paper , we use a recurrent network to generate the model descriptions of neural networks and train this rnn with reinforcement learning to maximize the expected accuracy of the generated architectures on a validation set . on the cif ←
→ analyzing uncertainty in neural machine translation ; machine translation is a popular test bed for research in neural sequence - to - sequence models but despite much recent research , there is still a lack of understanding of these models . practitioners report performance degradation with large beams , the under - estimation of rare words and a lack of diversity in the final translations . our study relates some of these issues to the inherent uncertainty of the task , due to the existence of multiple valid transla ←
→ context - specific approximation in probabilistic inference ; there is evidence that the numbers in probabilistic inference don ' t really matter . this paper considers the idea that we can make a probabilistic model simpler by making fewer distinctions . unfortunately , the level of a bayesian network seems too coarse ; it is unlikely that a parent will make little difference for all values of the other parents . in this paper we consider an approximation scheme where distinctions can be ignored in some contexts , b ←
→ dlv - a system for declarative problem solving ; dlv is an efficient logic programming and non - monotonic reasoning ( lpnmr ) system with advanced knowledge representation mechanisms and interfaces to classic relational database systems . its core language is disjunctive datalog ( function - free disjunctive logic programming ) under the answer set semantics with integrity constraints , both default and strong ( or explicit ) negation , and queries . integer arithmetics and various built - in predicates are also support ←
→ a greedy approximation of bayesian reinforcement learning with probably optimistic transition model ; bayesian reinforcement learning ( rl ) is capable of not only incorporating domain knowledge , but also solving the exploration - exploitation dilemma in a natural way . as bayesian rl is intractable except for special cases , previous work has proposed several approximation methods . however , these methods are usually too sensitive to parameter values , and finding an acceptable parameter setting is practically i ←
→ systematic ensemble learning for regression ; the motivation of this work is to improve the performance of standard stacking approaches or ensembles , which are composed of simple , heterogeneous base models , through the integration of the generation and selection stages for regression problems . we propose two extensions to the standard stacking approach . in the first extension we combine a set of standard stacking approaches into an ensemble of ensembles using a two - step ensemble learning in the regression s ←
→ automatic neuron detection in calcium imaging data using convolutional networks ; calcium imaging is an important technique for monitoring the activity of thousands of neurons simultaneously . as calcium imaging datasets grow in size , automated detection of individual neurons is becoming important . here we apply a supervised learning approach to this problem and show that convolutional networks can achieve near - human accuracy and superhuman speed . accuracy is superior to the popular pca / ica method based on ←
→ network sampling : from static to streaming graphs ; network sampling is integral to the analysis of social , information , and biological networks . since many real - world networks are massive in size , continuously evolving , and / or distributed in nature , the network structure is often sampled in order to facilitate study . for these reasons , a more thorough and complete understanding of network sampling is critical to support the field of network science . in this paper , we outline a framework for the general pro ←
→ a novelty - based evaluation method for information retrieval ; in information retrieval research , precision and recall have long been used to evaluate ir systems . however , given that a number of retrieval systems resembling one another are already available to the public , it is valuable to retrieve novel relevant documents , i . e ., documents that cannot be retrieved by those existing systems . in view of this problem , we propose an evaluation method that favors systems retrieving as many novel documents as poss ←
→ real - time single image and video super - resolution using an efficient sub - pixel convolutional neural network ; recently , several models based on deep neural networks have achieved great success in terms of both reconstruction accuracy and computational performance for single image super - resolution . in these methods , the low resolution ( lr ) input image is upscaled to the high resolution ( hr ) space using a single filter , commonly bicubic interpolation , before reconstruction . this means that the super - resolut ←
→ boltzmann machines for time - series ; we review boltzmann machines extended for time - series . these models often have recurrent structure , and back propagration through time ( bptt ) is used to learn their parameters . the per - step computational complexity of bptt in online learning , however , grows linearly with respect to the length of preceding time - series ( i . e ., learning rule is not local in time ), which limits the applicability of bptt in online learning . we then review dynamic boltzmann machines ( dybms ), wh ←
→ large - scale , fast and accurate shot boundary detection through spatio - temporal convolutional neural networks ; shot boundary detection ( sbd ) is an important pre - processing step for video manipulation . here , each segment of frames is classified as either sharp , gradual or no transition . current sbd techniques analyze hand - crafted features and attempt to optimize both detection accuracy and processing speed . however , the heavy computations of optical flow prevents this . to achieve this aim , we present an sb ←
→ coarse to fine non - rigid registration : a chain of scale - specific neural networks for multimodal image alignment with application to remote sensing ; we tackle here the problem of multimodal image non - rigid registration , which is of prime importance in remote sensing and medical imaging . the difficulties encountered by classical registration approaches include feature design and slow optimization by gradient descent . by analyzing these methods , we note the significance of the notion of scale . we design eas ←
→ sparse trace norm regularization ; we study the problem of estimating multiple predictive functions from a dictionary of basis functions in the nonparametric regression setting . our estimation scheme assumes that each predictive function can be estimated in the form of a linear combination of the basis functions . by assuming that the coefficient matrix admits a sparse low - rank structure , we formulate the function estimation problem as a convex program regularized by the trace norm and the $\ ell_1 $- norm simu ←
→ osteoporotic and neoplastic compression fracture classification on longitudinal ct ; classification of vertebral compression fractures ( vcf ) having osteoporotic or neoplastic origin is fundamental to the planning of treatment . we developed a fracture classification system by acquiring quantitative morphologic and bone density determinants of fracture progression through the use of automated measurements from longitudinal studies . a total of 250 ct studies were acquired for the task , each having previously ←
→ online adaptive decision fusion framework based on entropic projections onto convex sets with application to wildfire detection in video ; in this paper , an entropy functional based online adaptive decision fusion ( eadf ) framework is developed for image analysis and computer vision applications . in this framework , it is assumed that the compound algorithm consists of several sub - algorithms each of which yielding its own decision as a real number centered around zero , representing the confidence level of t ←
→ the robust manifold defense : adversarial training using generative models ; deep neural networks are demonstrating excellent performance on several classical vision problems . however , these networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples , minutely modified images that induce arbitrary attacker - chosen output from the network . we propose a mechanism to protect against these adversarial inputs based on a generative model of the data . we introduce a pre - processing step that projects on the range of a generati ←
→ iterative thresholding for demixing structured superpositions in high dimensions ; we consider the demixing problem of two ( or more ) high - dimensional vectors from nonlinear observations when the number of such observations is far less than the ambient dimension of the underlying vectors . specifically , we demonstrate an algorithm that stably estimate the underlying components under general \ emph { structured sparsity } assumptions on these components . specifically , we show that for certain types of structured ←
→ on the two - view geometry of unsynchronized cameras ; we present new methods for simultaneously estimating camera geometry and time shift from video sequences from multiple unsynchronized cameras . algorithms for simultaneous computation of a fundamental matrix or a homography with unknown time shift between images are developed . our methods use minimal correspondence sets ( eight for fundamental matrix and four and a half for homography ) and therefore are suitable for robust estimation using ransac . furthermo ←
→ genetic agent approach for improving on - the - fly web map generalization ; the utilization of web mapping becomes increasingly important in the domain of cartography . users want access to spatial data on the web specific to their needs . for this reason , different approaches were appeared for generating on - the - fly the maps demanded by users , but those not suffice for guide a flexible and efficient process . thus , new approach must be developed for improving this process according to the user needs . this work fo ←
→ flexible multi - layer sparse approximations of matrices and applications ; the computational cost of many signal processing and machine learning techniques is often dominated by the cost of applying certain linear operators to high - dimensional vectors . this paper introduces an algorithm aimed at reducing the complexity of applying linear operators in high dimension by approximately factorizing the corresponding matrix into few sparse factors . the approach relies on recent advances in non - convex optimization .←
→ e $^ 2 $ bows : an end - to - end bag - of - words model via deep convolutional neural network ; traditional bag - of - visual words ( bows ) model is commonly generated with many steps including local feature extraction , codebook generation , and feature quantization , etc . those steps are relatively independent with each other and are hard to be jointly optimized . moreover , the dependency on hand - crafted local feature makes bows model not effective in conveying high - level semantics . these issues largely hinder the performan ←
→ admm - based networked stochastic variational inference ; owing to the recent advances in " big data " modeling and prediction tasks , variational bayesian estimation has gained popularity due to their ability to provide exact solutions to approximate posteriors . one key technique for approximate inference is stochastic variational inference ( svi ). svi poses variational inference as a stochastic optimization problem and solves it iteratively using noisy gradient estimates . it aims to handle massive data for pred ←
→ directed cycles in belief networks ; the most difficult task in probabilistic reasoning may be handling directed cycles in belief networks . to the best knowledge of this author , there is no serious discussion of this problem at all in the literature of probabilistic reasoning so far .←
→ rapid randomized restarts for multi - agent path finding solvers ; multi - agent path finding ( mapf ) is an np - hard problem well studied in artificial intelligence and robotics . it has many real - world applications for which existing mapf solvers use various heuristics . however , these solvers are deterministic and perform poorly on " hard " instances typically characterized by many agents interfering with each other in a small region . in this paper , we enhance mapf solvers with randomization and observe that they e ←
→ semantic segmentation of colon glands with deep convolutional neural networks and total variation segmentation ; segmentation of histopathology sections is an ubiquitous requirement in digital pathology and due to the large variability of biological tissue , machine learning techniques have shown superior performance over standard image processing methods . as part of the glas @ miccai2015 colon gland segmentation challenge , we present a learning - based algorithm to segment glands in tissue of benign and malig ←
→ generating factoid questions with recurrent neural networks : the 30m factoid question - answer corpus ; over the past decade , large - scale supervised learning corpora have enabled machine learning researchers to make substantial advances . however , to this date , there are no large - scale question - answer corpora available . in this paper we present the 30m factoid question - answer corpus , an enormous question answer pair corpus produced by applying a novel neural network architecture on the knowledge base freebas ←
→ improving the csiec project and adapting it to the english teaching and learning in china ; in this paper after short review of the csiec project initialized by us in 2003 we present the continuing development and improvement of the csiec project in details , including the design of five new microsoft agent characters representing different virtual chatting partners and the limitation of simulated dialogs in specific practical scenarios like graduate job application interview , then briefly analyze the actu ←
→ hsi - cnn : a novel convolution neural network for hyperspectral image ; with the development of deep learning , the performance of hyperspectral image ( hsi ) classification has been greatly improved in recent years . the shortage of training samples has become a bottleneck for further improvement of performance . in this paper , we propose a novel convolutional neural network framework for the characteristics of hyperspectral image data , called hsi - cnn . firstly , the spectral - spatial feature is extracted from a tar ←
→ improving performance of english - hindi cross language information retrieval using transliteration of query terms ; the main issue in cross language information retrieval ( clir ) is the poor performance of retrieval in terms of average precision when compared to monolingual retrieval performance . the main reasons behind poor performance of clir are mismatching of query terms , lexical ambiguity and un - translated query terms . the existing problems of clir are needed to be addressed in order to increase the pe ←
→ closed loop interactions between spiking neural network and robotic simulators based on music and ros ; in order to properly assess the function and computational properties of simulated neural systems , it is necessary to account for the nature of the stimuli that drive the system . however , providing stimuli that are rich and yet both reproducible and amenable to experimental manipulations is technically challenging , and even more so if a closed - loop scenario is required . in this work , we present a novel ←
→ supervised mid - level features for word image representation ; this paper addresses the problem of learning word image representations : given the cropped image of a word , we are interested in finding a descriptive , robust , and compact fixed - length representation . machine learning techniques can then be supplied with these representations to produce models useful for word retrieval or recognition tasks . although many works have focused on the machine learning aspect once a global representation has been produ ←
→ edge preserving image denoising in reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ; the goal of this paper is the development of a novel approach for the problem of noise removal , based on the theory of reproducing kernels hilbert spaces ( rkhs ). the problem is cast as an optimization task in a rkhs , by taking advantage of the celebrated semiparametric representer theorem . examples verify that in the presence of gaussian noise the proposed method performs relatively well compared to wavelet based technics and outperforms ←
→ transferring subspaces between subjects in brain - computer interfacing ; compensating changes between a subjects ' training and testing session in brain computer interfacing ( bci ) is challenging but of great importance for a robust bci operation . we show that such changes are very similar between subjects , thus can be reliably estimated using data from other users and utilized to construct an invariant feature space . this novel approach to learning from other subjects aims to reduce the adverse effects of com ←
→ the method of artificial systems ; this document is written with the intention to describe in detail a method and means by which a computer program can reason about the world and in so doing , increase its analogue to a living system . as the literature is rife and it is apparent we , as scientists and engineers , have not found the solution , this document will attempt the solution by grounding its intellectual arguments within tenets of human cognition in western philosophy . the result will be a characteristic ←
→ neuroprosthetic decoder training as imitation learning ; neuroprosthetic brain - computer interfaces function via an algorithm which decodes neural activity of the user into movements of an end effector , such as a cursor or robotic arm . in practice , the decoder is often learned by updating its parameters while the user performs a task . when the user ' s intention is not directly observable , recent methods have demonstrated value in training the decoder against a surrogate for the user ' s intended movement . we de ←
→ learning to generate chairs , tables and cars with convolutional networks ; we train generative ' up - convolutional ' neural networks which are able to generate images of objects given object style , viewpoint , and color . we train the networks on rendered 3d models of chairs , tables , and cars . our experiments show that the networks do not merely learn all images by heart , but rather find a meaningful representation of 3d models allowing them to assess the similarity of different models , interpolate between given ←
→ indoor space recognition using deep convolutional neural network : a case study at mit campus ; in this paper , we propose a robust and parsimonious approach using deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ) to recognize and interpret interior space . dcnn has achieved incredible success in object and scene recognition . in this study we design and train a dcnn to classify a pre - zoning indoor space , and from a single phone photo to recognize the learned space features , with no need of additional assistive techno ←
→ a new similarity measure for taxonomy based on edge counting ; this paper introduces a new similarity measure based on edge counting in a taxonomy like worldnet or ontology . measurement of similarity between text segments or concepts is very useful for many applications like information retrieval , ontology matching , text mining , and question answering and so on . several measures have been developed for measuring similarity between two concepts : out of these we see that the measure given by wu and palmer [ 1 ]←
→ an integrated soft computing approach to a multi - biometric security model ; the abstract of the thesis consists of three sections , videlicet , motivation chapter organization salient contributions . the complete abstract is included with the thesis . the final section on salient contributions is reproduced below . salient contributions the research presents the following salient contributions : i . a novel technique has been developed for comparing biographical information , by combining the averag ←
→ an analysis of phase transition in nk landscapes ; in this paper , we analyze the decision version of the nk landscape model from the perspective of threshold phenomena and phase transitions under two random distributions , the uniform probability model and the fixed ratio model . for the uniform probability model , we prove that the phase transition is easy in the sense that there is a polynomial algorithm that can solve a random instance of the problem with the probability asymptotic to 1 as the problem size ←
→ folded recurrent neural networks for future video prediction ; future video prediction is an ill - posed computer vision problem that recently received much attention . its main challenges are the high variability in video content , the propagation of errors through time , and the non - specificity of the future frames : given a sequence of past frames there is a continuous distribution of possible futures . this work introduces bijective gated recurrent units , a double mapping between the input and output of a gru ←
→ a continuation method for discrete optimization and its application to nearest neighbor classification ; the continuation method is a popular approach in non - convex optimization and computer vision . the main idea is to start from a simple function that can be minimized efficiently , and gradually transform it to the more complicated original objective function . the solution of the simpler problem is used as the starting point to solve the original problem . we show a continuation method for discrete optimiz ←
→ data driven robust image guided depth map restoration ; depth maps captured by modern depth cameras such as kinect and time - of - flight ( tof ) are usually contaminated by missing data , noises and suffer from being of low resolution . in this paper , we present a robust method for high - quality restoration of a degraded depth map with the guidance of the corresponding color image . we solve the problem in an energy optimization framework that consists of a novel robust data term and smoothness term . to accommodate ←
→ particle detection and tracking in fluorescence time - lapse imaging : a contrario approach ; this paper proposes a probabilistic approach for the detection and the tracking of particles in fluorescent time - lapse imaging . in the presence of a very noised and poor - quality data , particles and trajectories can be characterized by an a contrario model , that estimates the probability of observing the structures of interest in random data . this approach , first introduced in the modeling of human visual perception ←
→ zoom better to see clearer : human and object parsing with hierarchical auto - zoom net ; parsing articulated objects , e . g . humans and animals , into semantic parts ( e . g . body , head and arms , etc .) from natural images is a challenging and fundamental problem for computer vision . a big difficulty is the large variability of scale and location for objects and their corresponding parts . even limited mistakes in estimating scale and location will degrade the parsing output and cause errors in boundary details . to ←
→ automatic segmentation of agricultural objects in dynamic outdoor environments ; segmentation in dynamic outdoor environments can be difficult when the illumination levels and other aspects of the scene cannot be controlled . specifically in agricultural contexts , a background material is often used to shield a camera ' s field of view from other rows of crops . in this paper , we describe a method that uses superpixels to determine low texture regions of the image that correspond to the background material , a ←
→ prosocial learning agents solve generalized stag hunts better than selfish ones ; deep reinforcement learning has become an important paradigm for constructing agents that can enter complex multi - agent situations and improve their policies through experience . one commonly used technique is reactive training - applying standard rl methods while treating other agents as a part of the learner ' s environment . it is known that in general - sum games reactive training can lead groups of agents to converge to ineff ←
→ toward a robust diversity - based model to detect changes of context ; being able to automatically and quickly understand the user context during a session is a main issue for recommender systems . as a first step toward achieving that goal , we propose a model that observes in real time the diversity brought by each item relatively to a short sequence of consultations , corresponding to the recent user history . our model has a complexity in constant time , and is generic since it can apply to any type of items w ←
→ a comprehensive analysis of deep regression ; deep learning revolutionized data science , and recently , its popularity has grown exponentially , as did the amount of papers employing deep networks . vision tasks such as human pose estimation did not escape this methodological change . the large number of deep architectures lead to a plethora of methods that are evaluated under different experimental protocols . moreover , small changes in the architecture of the network , or in the data pre - processing procedure , t ←
→ attentional pooling for action recognition ; we introduce a simple yet surprisingly powerful model to incorporate attention in action recognition and human object interaction tasks . our proposed attention module can be trained with or without extra supervision , and gives a sizable boost in accuracy while keeping the network size and computational cost nearly the same . it leads to significant improvements over state of the art base architecture on three standard action recognition benchmarks across still ima ←
→ emotional analysis of blogs and forums data ; we perform a statistical analysis of emotionally annotated comments in two large online datasets , examining chains of consecutive posts in the discussions . using comparisons with randomised data we show that there is a high level of correlation for the emotional content of messages .←
→ feature selection in high - dimensional dataset using mapreduce ; this paper describes a distributed mapreduce implementation of the minimum redundancy maximum relevance algorithm , a popular feature selection method in bioinformatics and network inference problems . the proposed approach handles both tall / narrow and wide / short datasets . we further provide an open source implementation based on hadoop / spark , and illustrate its scalability on datasets involving millions of observations or features .←
→ my brain is full : when more memory helps ; we consider the problem of finding good finite - horizon policies for pomdps under the expected reward metric . the policies considered are { em free finite - memory policies with limited memory }; a policy is a mapping from the space of observation - memory pairs to the space of action - memeory pairs ( the policy updates the memory as it goes ), and the number of possible memory states is a parameter of the input to the policy - finding algorithms . the algorithms considered her ←
→ pose invariant embedding for deep person re - identification ; pedestrian misalignment , which mainly arises from detector errors and pose variations , is a critical problem for a robust person re - identification ( re - id ) system . with bad alignment , the background noise will significantly compromise the feature learning and matching process . to address this problem , this paper introduces the pose invariant embedding ( pie ) as a pedestrian descriptor . first , in order to align pedestrians to a standard pose , the pos ←
→ predictive - corrective networks for action detection ; while deep feature learning has revolutionized techniques for static - image understanding , the same does not quite hold for video processing . architectures and optimization techniques used for video are largely based off those for static images , potentially underutilizing rich video information . in this work , we rethink both the underlying network architecture and the stochastic learning paradigm for temporal data . to do so , we draw inspiration from class ←
→ bayesian structure learning using dynamic programming and mcmc ; mcmc methods for sampling from the space of dags can mix poorly due to the local nature of the proposals that are commonly used . it has been shown that sampling from the space of node orders yields better results [ fk03 , ew06 ]. recently , koivisto and sood showed how one can analytically marginalize over orders using dynamic programming ( dp ) [ ks04 , koi06 ]. their method computes the exact marginal posterior edge probabilities , thus avoiding the n ←
→ hi - fi : hierarchical feature integration for skeleton detection ; in natural images , the scales ( thickness ) of object skeletons may dramatically vary among objects and object parts . thus , robust skeleton detection requires powerful multi - scale feature integration ability . to address this issue , we present a new convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture by introducing a novel hierarchical feature integration mechanism , named hi - fi , to address the object skeleton detection problem . the proposed cnn - based ←
→ treelogy : a novel tree classifier utilizing deep and hand - crafted representations ; we propose a novel tree classification system called treelogy , that fuses deep representations with hand - crafted features obtained from leaf images to perform leaf - based plant classification . key to this system are segmentation of the leaf from an untextured background , using convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for learning deep representations , extracting hand - crafted features with a number of image processing techniques ←
→ discriminative feature selection for uncertain graph classification ; mining discriminative features for graph data has attracted much attention in recent years due to its important role in constructing graph classifiers , generating graph indices , etc . most measurement of interestingness of discriminative subgraph features are defined on certain graphs , where the structure of graph objects are certain , and the binary edges within each graph represent the " presence " of linkages among the nodes . in many real -←
→ rational competitive analysis ; much work in computer science has adopted competitive analysis as a tool for decision making under uncertainty . in this work we extend competitive analysis to the context of multi - agent systems . unlike classical competitive analysis where the behavior of an agent ' s environment is taken to be arbitrary , we consider the case where an agent ' s environment consists of other agents . these agents will usually obey some ( minimal ) rationality constraints . this leads to the definition ←
→ pose estimation based on 3d models ; in this paper , we proposed a pose estimation system based on rendered image training set , which predicts the pose of objects in real image , with knowledge of object category and tight bounding box . we developed a patch - based multi - class classification algorithm , and an iterative approach to improve the accuracy . we achieved state - of - the - art performance on pose estimation task .←
→ targeting hiv - related medication side effects and sentiment using twitter data ; we present a descriptive analysis of twitter data . our study focuses on extracting the main side effects associated with hiv treatments . the crux of our work was the identification of personal tweets referring to hiv . we summarize our results in an infographic aimed at the general public . in addition , we present a measure of user sentiment based on hand - rated tweets .←
→ using global constraints and reranking to improve cognates detection ; global constraints and reranking have not been used in cognates detection research to date . we propose methods for using global constraints by performing rescoring of the score matrices produced by state of the art cognates detection systems . using global constraints to perform rescoring is complementary to state of the art methods for performing cognates detection and results in significant performance improvements beyond current state ←
→ structure learning in motor control : a deep reinforcement learning model ; motor adaptation displays a structure - learning effect : adaptation to a new perturbation occurs more quickly when the subject has prior exposure to perturbations with related structure . although this ` learning - to - learn ' effect is well documented , its underlying computational mechanisms are poorly understood . we present a new model of motor structure learning , approaching it from the point of view of deep reinforcement learning . previou ←
→ accurate deep representation quantization with gradient snapping layer for similarity search ; recent advance of large scale similarity search involves using deeply learned representations to improve the search accuracy and use vector quantization methods to increase the search speed . however , how to learn deep representations that strongly preserve similarities between data pairs and can be accurately quantized via vector quantization remains a challenging task . existing methods simply leverage quantizat ←
→ computational machines in a coexistence with concrete universals and data streams ; we discuss that how the majority of traditional modeling approaches are following the idealism point of view in scientific modeling , which follow the set theoretical notions of models based on abstract universals . we show that while successful in many classical modeling domains , there are fundamental limits to the application of set theoretical models in dealing with complex systems with many potential aspects or propertie ←
→ bat algorithm : literature review and applications ; bat algorithm ( ba ) is a bio - inspired algorithm developed by yang in 2010 and ba has been found to be very efficient . as a result , the literature has expanded significantly in the last 3 years . this paper provides a timely review of the bat algorithm and its new variants . a wide range of diverse applications and case studies are also reviewed and summarized briefly here . further research topics are also discussed .←
→ human face recognition using gabor based kernel entropy component analysis ; in this paper , we present a novel gabor wavelet based kernel entropy component analysis ( keca ) method by integrating the gabor wavelet transformation ( gwt ) of facial images with the keca method for enhanced face recognition performance . firstly , from the gabor wavelet transformed images the most important discriminative desirable facial features characterized by spatial frequency , spatial locality and orientation selectivity to c ←
→ co - training for demographic classification using deep learning from label proportions ; deep learning algorithms have recently produced state - of - the - art accuracy in many classification tasks , but this success is typically dependent on access to many annotated training examples . for domains without such data , an attractive alternative is to train models with light , or distant supervision . in this paper , we introduce a deep neural network for the learning from label proportion ( llp ) setting , in which the tr ←
→ robust principal component analysis using statistical estimators ; principal component analysis ( pca ) finds a linear mapping and maximizes the variance of the data which makes pca sensitive to outliers and may cause wrong eigendirection . in this paper , we propose techniques to solve this problem ; we use the data - centering method and reestimate the covariance matrix using robust statistic techniques such as median , robust scaling which is a booster to data - centering and huber m - estimator which measures the p ←
→ updating with belief functions , ordinal conditioning functions and possibility measures ; this paper discusses how a measure of uncertainty representing a state of knowledge can be updated when a new information , which may be pervaded with uncertainty , becomes available . this problem is considered in various framework , namely : shafer ' s evidence theory , zadeh ' s possibility theory , spohn ' s theory of epistemic states . in the two first cases , analogues of jeffrey ' s rule of conditioning are introduced and disc ←
→ phonemic and graphemic multilingual ctc based speech recognition ; training automatic speech recognition ( asr ) systems requires large amounts of data in the target language in order to achieve good performance . whereas large training corpora are readily available for languages like english , there exists a long tail of languages which do suffer from a lack of resources . one method to handle data sparsity is to use data from additional source languages and build a multilingual system . recently , asr systems ba ←
→ high - dimensional feature selection by feature - wise non - linear lasso ; the goal of supervised feature selection is to find a subset of input features that are responsible for predicting output values . the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator ( lasso ) allows computationally efficient feature selection based on linear dependency between input features and output values . in this paper , we consider a feature - wise kernelized lasso for capturing non - linear input - output dependency . we first show that , wit ←
→ improving the gaussian process sparse spectrum approximation by representing uncertainty in frequency inputs ; standard sparse pseudo - input approximations to the gaussian process ( gp ) cannot handle complex functions well . sparse spectrum alternatives attempt to answer this but are known to over - fit . we suggest the use of variational inference for the sparse spectrum approximation to avoid both issues . we model the covariance function with a finite fourier series approximation and treat it as a random vari ←
→ learning end - to - end multimodal sensor policies for autonomous navigation ; multisensory polices are known to enhance both state estimation and target tracking . however , in the space of end - to - end sensorimotor control , this multi - sensor outlook has received limited attention . moreover , systematic ways to make policies robust to partial sensor failure are not well explored . in this work , we propose a specific customization of dropout , called \ textit { sensor dropout }, to improve multisensory policy robustness a ←
→ constraint - based clustering selection ; semi - supervised clustering methods incorporate a limited amount of supervision into the clustering process . typically , this supervision is provided by the user in the form of pairwise constraints . existing methods use such constraints in one of the following ways : they adapt their clustering procedure , their similarity metric , or both . all of these approaches operate within the scope of individual clustering algorithms . in contrast , we propose to use constraints to ch ←
→ some considerations on learning to explore via meta - reinforcement learning ; we consider the problem of exploration in meta reinforcement learning . two new meta reinforcement learning algorithms are suggested : e - maml and e -$\ text { rl }^ 2 $. results are presented on a novel environment we call ` krazy world ' and a set of maze environments . we show e - maml and e -$\ text { rl }^ 2 $ deliver better performance on tasks where exploration is important .←
→ memory efficient multi - scale line detector architecture for retinal blood vessel segmentation ; this paper presents a memory efficient architecture that implements the multi - scale line detector ( msld ) algorithm for real - time retinal blood vessel detection in fundus images on a zynq fpga . this implementation benefits from the fpga parallelism to drastically reduce the memory requirements of the msld from two images to a few values . the architecture is optimized in terms of resource utilization by reusing t ←
→ active reinforcement learning with monte - carlo tree search ; active reinforcement learning ( arl ) is a twist on rl where the agent observes reward information only if it pays a cost . this subtle change makes exploration substantially more challenging . powerful principles in rl like optimism , thompson sampling , and random exploration do not help with arl . we relate arl in tabular environments to bayes - adaptive mdps . we provide an arl algorithm using monte - carlo tree search that is asymptotically bayes optimal ←
→ on the fractal nature of mutual relevance sequences in the internet news message flows ; in the task of information retrieval the term relevance is taken to mean formal conformity of a document given by the retrieval system to user ' s information query . as a rule , the documents found by the retrieval system should be submitted to the user in a certain order . therefore , a retrieval perceived as a selection of documents formally solving the user ' s query , should be supplemented with a certain procedure of pro ←
→ part - stacked cnn for fine - grained visual categorization ; in the context of fine - grained visual categorization , the ability to interpret models as human - understandable visual manuals is sometimes as important as achieving high classification accuracy . in this paper , we propose a novel part - stacked cnn architecture that explicitly explains the fine - grained recognition process by modeling subtle differences from object parts . based on manually - labeled strong part annotations , the proposed architecture consist ←
→ interpolated policy gradient : merging on - policy and off - policy gradient estimation for deep reinforcement learning ; off - policy model - free deep reinforcement learning methods using previously collected data can improve sample efficiency over on - policy policy gradient techniques . on the other hand , on - policy algorithms are often more stable and easier to use . this paper examines , both theoretically and empirically , approaches to merging on - and off - policy updates for deep reinforcement learning . theoretica ←
→ learning document embeddings by predicting n - grams for sentiment classification of long movie reviews ; despite the loss of semantic information , bag - of - ngram based methods still achieve state - of - the - art results for tasks such as sentiment classification of long movie reviews . many document embeddings methods have been proposed to capture semantics , but they still can ' t outperform bag - of - ngram based methods on this task . in this paper , we modify the architecture of the recently proposed paragraph vector , ←
→ classification of cell images using mpeg - 7 - influenced descriptors and support vector machines in cell morphology ; counting and classifying blood cells is an important diagnostic tool in medicine . support vector machines are increasingly popular and efficient and could replace artificial neural network systems . here a method to classify blood cells is proposed using svm . a set of statistics on images are implemented in c ++. the mpeg - 7 descriptors scalable color descriptor , color structure descriptor , colo ←
→ qualitative models for decision under uncertainty without the commensurability assumption ; this paper investigates a purely qualitative version of savage ' s theory for decision making under uncertainty . until now , most representation theorems for preference over acts rely on a numerical representation of utility and uncertainty where utility and uncertainty are commensurate . disrupting the tradition , we relax this assumption and introduce a purely ordinal axiom requiring that the decision maker ( dm ) prefe ←
→ balancing lexicographic fairness and a utilitarian objective with application to kidney exchange ; balancing fairness and efficiency in resource allocation is a classical economic and computational problem . the price of fairness measures the worst - case loss of economic efficiency when using an inefficient but fair allocation rule ; for indivisible goods in many settings , this price is unacceptably high . one such setting is kidney exchange , where needy patients swap willing but incompatible kidney donors . i ←
→ iterative orthogonal feature projection for diagnosing bias in black - box models ; predictive models are increasingly deployed for the purpose of determining access to services such as credit , insurance , and employment . despite potential gains in productivity and efficiency , several potential problems have yet to be addressed , particularly the potential for unintentional discrimination . we present an iterative procedure , based on orthogonal projection of input attributes , for enabling interpretability of b ←
→ a critical evaluation of network and pathway based classifiers for outcome prediction in breast cancer ; recently , several classifiers that combine primary tumor data , like gene expression data , and secondary data sources , such as protein - protein interaction networks , have been proposed for predicting outcome in breast cancer . in these approaches , new composite features are typically constructed by aggregating the expression levels of several genes . the secondary data sources are employed to guide this ag ←
→ fast fine - grained image classification via weakly supervised discriminative localization ; fine - grained image classification is to recognize hundreds of subcategories in each basic - level category . existing methods employ discriminative localization to find the key distinctions among subcategories . however , they generally have two limitations : ( 1 ) discriminative localization relies on region proposal methods to hypothesize the locations of discriminative regions , which are time - consuming . ( 2 ) the training ←
→ anomaly detection in xml - structured soap messages using tree - based association rule mining ; web services are software systems designed for supporting interoperable dynamic cross - enterprise interactions . the result of attacks to web services can be catastrophic and causing the disclosure of enterprises ' confidential data . as new approaches of attacking arise every day , anomaly detection systems seem to be invaluable tools in this context . the aim of this work has been to target the attacks that reside in ←
→ communication efficient distributed optimization using an approximate newton - type method ; we present a novel newton - type method for distributed optimization , which is particularly well suited for stochastic optimization and learning problems . for quadratic objectives , the method enjoys a linear rate of convergence which provably \ emph { improves } with the data size , requiring an essentially constant number of iterations under reasonable assumptions . we provide theoretical and empirical evidence of the adva ←
→ synthetic medical images from dual generative adversarial networks ; currently there is strong interest in data - driven approaches to medical image classification . however , medical imaging data is scarce , expensive , and fraught with legal concerns regarding patient privacy . typical consent forms only allow for patient data to be used in medical journals or education , meaning the majority of medical data is inaccessible for general public research . we propose a novel , two - stage pipeline for generating synthet ←
→ predictive hypothesis identification ; while statistics focusses on hypothesis testing and on estimating ( properties of ) the true sampling distribution , in machine learning the performance of learning algorithms on future data is the primary issue . in this paper we bridge the gap with a general principle ( phi ) that identifies hypotheses with best predictive performance . this includes predictive point and interval estimation , simple and composite hypothesis testing , ( mixture ) model selection , and others as s ←
→ reasoning over ontologies with hidden content : the import - by - query approach ; there is currently a growing interest in techniques for hiding parts of the signature of an ontology kh that is being reused by another ontology kv . towards this goal , in this paper we propose the import - by - query framework , which makes the content of kh accessible through a limited query interface . if kv reuses the symbols from kh in a certain restricted way , one can reason over kv u kh by accessing only kv and the query interfa ←
→ representation of texts as complex networks : a mesoscopic approach ; statistical techniques that analyze texts , referred to as text analytics , have departed from the use of simple word count statistics towards a new paradigm . text mining now hinges on a more sophisticated set of methods , including the representations in terms of complex networks . while well - established word - adjacency ( co - occurrence ) methods successfully grasp syntactical features of written texts , they are unable to represent important aspe ←
→ feedback networks ; currently , the most successful learning models in computer vision are based on learning successive representations followed by a decision layer . this is usually actualized through feedforward multilayer neural networks , e . g . convnets , where each layer forms one of such successive representations . however , an alternative that can achieve the same goal is a feedback based approach in which the representation is formed in an iterative manner based on a feedback received from previous iterat ←
→ hyperparameters optimization in deep convolutional neural network / bayesian approach with gaussian process prior ; convolutional neural network is known as convnet have been extensively used in many complex machine learning tasks . however , hyperparameters optimization is one of a crucial step in developing convnet architectures , since the accuracy and performance are reliant on the hyperparameters . this multilayered architecture parameterized by a set of hyperparameters such as the number of convolutiona ←
→ son of zorn ' s lemma : targeted style transfer using instance - aware semantic segmentation ; style transfer is an important task in which the style of a source image is mapped onto that of a target image . the method is useful for synthesizing derivative works of a particular artist or specific painting . this work considers targeted style transfer , in which the style of a template image is used to alter only part of a target image . for example , an artist may wish to alter the style of only one particular obje ←
→ real - time analysis of cataract surgery videos using statistical models ; the automatic analysis of the surgical process , from videos recorded during surgeries , could be very useful to surgeons , both for training and for acquiring new techniques . the training process could be optimized by automatically providing some targeted recommendations or warnings , similar to the expert surgeon ' s guidance . in this paper , we propose to reuse videos recorded and stored during cataract surgeries to perform the analysis . t ←
→ multi - agent evolutionary systems for the generation of complex virtual worlds ; modern films , games and virtual reality applications are dependent on convincing computer graphics . highly complex models are a requirement for the successful delivery of many scenes and environments . while workflows such as rendering , compositing and animation have been streamlined to accommodate increasing demands , modelling complex models is still a laborious task . this paper introduces the computational benefits of an inte ←
→ efficient algorithms for large - scale generalized eigenvector computation and canonical correlation analysis ; this paper considers the problem of canonical - correlation analysis ( cca ) ( hotelling , 1936 ) and , more broadly , the generalized eigenvector problem for a pair of symmetric matrices . these are two fundamental problems in data analysis and scientific computing with numerous applications in machine learning and statistics ( shi and malik , 2000 ; hardoon et al ., 2004 ; witten et al ., 2009 ). we provide si ←
→ reinforcement learning with linear function approximation and lq control converges ; reinforcement learning is commonly used with function approximation . however , very few positive results are known about the convergence of function approximation based rl control algorithms . in this paper we show that td ( 0 ) and sarsa ( 0 ) with linear function approximation is convergent for a simple class of problems , where the system is linear and the costs are quadratic ( the lq control problem ). furthermore , we show that ←
→ document generation with hierarchical latent tree models ; in most probabilistic topic models , a document is viewed as a collection of tokens and each token is a variable whose values are all the words in a vocabulary . one exception is hierarchical latent tree models ( hltms ), where a document is viewed as a binary vector over the vocabulary and each word is regarded as a binary variable . the use of word variables allows the detection and representation of patterns of word co - occurrences and co - occurrences o ←
→ attention - gan for object transfiguration in wild images ; this paper studies the object transfiguration problem in wild images . the generative network in classical gans for object transfiguration often undertakes a dual responsibility : to detect the objects of interests and to convert the object from source domain to target domain . in contrast , we decompose the generative network into two separat networks , each of which is only dedicated to one particular sub - task . the attention network predicts spatial att ←
→ automated detection of smuggled high - risk security threats using deep learning ; the security infrastructure is ill - equipped to detect and deter the smuggling of non - explosive devices that enable terror attacks such as those recently perpetrated in western europe . the detection of so - called " small metallic threats " ( smts ) in cargo containers currently relies on statistical risk analysis , intelligence reports , and visual inspection of x - ray images by security officers . the latter is very slow and unreliabl ←
→ english character recognition using artificial neural network ; this work focuses on development of a offline hand written english character recognition algorithm based on artificial neural network ( ann ). the ann implemented in this work has single output neuron which shows whether the tested character belongs to a particular cluster or not . the implementation is carried out completely in ' c ' language . ten sets of english alphabets ( small - 26 , capital - 26 ) were used to train the ann and 5 sets of english alph ←
→ composable planning with attributes ; the tasks that an agent will need to solve often are not known during training . however , if the agent knows which properties of the environment are important then , after learning how its actions affect those properties , it may be able to use this knowledge to solve complex tasks without training specifically for them . towards this end , we consider a setup in which an environment is augmented with a set of user defined attributes that parameterize the features of interes ←
→ multiscale shrinkage and lévy processes ; a new shrinkage - based construction is developed for a compressible vector $\ boldsymbol { x }\ in \ mathbb { r }^ n $, for cases in which the components of $\ xv $ are naturally associated with a tree structure . important examples are when $\ xv $ corresponds to the coefficients of a wavelet or block - dct representation of data . the method we consider in detail , and for which numerical results are presented , is based on increments of a gamma process . however , we demonstrate that the ←
→ nature vs . nurture : the role of environmental resources in evolutionary deep intelligence ; evolutionary deep intelligence synthesizes highly efficient deep neural networks architectures over successive generations . inspired by the nature versus nurture debate , we propose a study to examine the role of external factors on the network synthesis process by varying the availability of simulated environmental resources . experimental results were obtained for networks synthesized via asexual evolutionary synth ←
→ neural machine translation with extended context ; we investigate the use of extended context in attention - based neural machine translation . we base our experiments on translated movie subtitles and discuss the effect of increasing the segments beyond single translation units . we study the use of extended source language context as well as bilingual context extensions . the models learn to distinguish between information from different segments and are surprisingly robust with respect to translation quality .←
→ tennisvid2text : fine - grained descriptions for domain specific videos ; automatically describing videos has ever been fascinating . in this work , we attempt to describe videos from a specific domain - broadcast videos of lawn tennis matches . given a video shot from a tennis match , we intend to generate a textual commentary similar to what a human expert would write on a sports website . unlike many recent works that focus on generating short captions , we are interested in generating semantically richer descrip ←
→ reading dependencies from covariance graphs ; the covariance graph ( aka bi - directed graph ) of a probability distribution $ p $ is the undirected graph $ g $ where two nodes are adjacent iff their corresponding random variables are marginally dependent in $ p $. in this paper , we present a graphical criterion for reading dependencies from $ g $, under the assumption that $ p $ satisfies the graphoid properties as well as weak transitivity and composition . we prove that the graphical criterion is sound and complete in ←
→ implicit modeling -- a generalization of discriminative and generative approaches ; we propose a new modeling approach that is a generalization of generative and discriminative models . the core idea is to use an implicit parameterization of a joint probability distribution by specifying only the conditional distributions . the proposed scheme combines the advantages of both worlds -- it can use powerful complex discriminative models as its parts , having at the same time better generalization capabilities . ←
→ deep heterogeneous feature fusion for template - based face recognition ; although deep learning has yielded impressive performance for face recognition , many studies have shown that different networks learn different feature maps : while some networks are more receptive to pose and illumination others appear to capture more local information . thus , in this work , we propose a deep heterogeneous feature fusion network to exploit the complementary information present in features generated by different deep convo ←
→ annealed map ; maximum a posteriori assignment ( map ) is the problem of finding the most probable instantiation of a set of variables given the partial evidence on the other variables in a bayesian network . map has been shown to be a np - hard problem [ 22 ], even for constrained networks , such as polytrees [ 18 ]. hence , previous approaches often fail to yield any results for map problems in large complex bayesian networks . to address this problem , we propose annealedmap algorithm , a simulated annealing - based map ←
→ inexpensive cost - optimized measurement proposal for sequential model - based diagnosis ; in this work we present strategies for ( optimal ) measurement selection in model - based sequential diagnosis . in particular , assuming a set of leading diagnoses being given , we show how queries ( sets of measurements ) can be computed and optimized along two dimensions : expected number of queries and cost per query . by means of a suitable decoupling of two optimizations and a clever search space reduction the computations a ←
→ deep metric learning for multi - labelled radiographs ; many radiological studies can reveal the presence of several co - existing abnormalities , each one represented by a distinct visual pattern . in this article we address the problem of learning a distance metric for plain radiographs that captures a notion of " radiological similarity ": two chest radiographs are considered to be similar if they share similar abnormalities . deep convolutional neural networks ( dcns ) are used to learn a low - dimensional embedding ←
→ computing all - pairs shortest paths by leveraging low treewidth ; we present two new and efficient algorithms for computing all - pairs shortest paths . the algorithms operate on directed graphs with real ( possibly negative ) weights . they make use of directed path consistency along a vertex ordering d . both algorithms run in o ( n ^ 2 w_d ) time , where w_d is the graph width induced by this vertex ordering . for graphs of constant treewidth , this yields o ( n ^ 2 ) time , which is optimal . on chordal graphs , the algorithms ←
→ genetic algorithms for mentor - assisted evaluation function optimization ; in this paper we demonstrate how genetic algorithms can be used to reverse engineer an evaluation function ' s parameters for computer chess . our results show that using an appropriate mentor , we can evolve a program that is on par with top tournament - playing chess programs , outperforming a two - time world computer chess champion . this performance gain is achieved by evolving a program with a smaller number of parameters in its evaluatio ←
→ sketch - based image retrieval from millions of images under rotation , translation and scale variations ; proliferation of touch - based devices has made sketch - based image retrieval practical . while many methods exist for sketch - based object detection / image retrieval on small datasets , relatively less work has been done on large ( web )- scale image retrieval . in this paper , we present an efficient approach for image retrieval from millions of images based on user - drawn sketches . unlike existing methods for thi ←
→ cross - domain sparse coding ; sparse coding has shown its power as an effective data representation method . however , up to now , all the sparse coding approaches are limited within the single domain learning problem . in this paper , we extend the sparse coding to cross domain learning problem , which tries to learn from a source domain to a target domain with significant different distribution . we impose the maximum mean discrepancy ( mmd ) criterion to reduce the cross - domain distribution difference of sparse co ←
→ penambahan emosi menggunakan metode manipulasi prosodi untuk sistem text to speech bahasa indonesia ; adding an emotions using prosody manipulation method for indonesian text to speech system . text to speech ( tts ) is a system that can convert text in one language into speech , accordance with the reading of the text in the language used . the focus of this research is a natural sounding concept , the make " humanize " for the pronunciation of voice synthesis system text to speech . humans have emotions / intona ←
→ comparative study on generative adversarial networks ; in recent years , there have been tremendous advancements in the field of machine learning . these advancements have been made through both academic as well as industrial research . lately , a fair amount of research has been dedicated to the usage of generative models in the field of computer vision and image classification . these generative models have been popularized through a new framework called generative adversarial networks . moreover , many modified ←
→ a benchmark to select data mining based classification algorithms for business intelligence and decision support systems ; dss serve the management , operations , and planning levels of an organization and help to make decisions , which may be rapidly changing and not easily specified in advance . data mining has a vital role to extract important information to help in decision making of a decision support system . integration of data mining and decision support systems ( dss ) can lead to the improved performan ←
→ output range analysis for deep neural networks ; deep neural networks ( nn ) are extensively used for machine learning tasks such as image classification , perception and control of autonomous systems . increasingly , these deep nns are also been deployed in high - assurance applications . thus , there is a pressing need for developing techniques to verify neural networks to check whether certain user - expected properties are satisfied . in this paper , we study a specific verification problem of computing a guaranteed ←
→ one - shot video object segmentation ; this paper tackles the task of semi - supervised video object segmentation , i . e ., the separation of an object from the background in a video , given the mask of the first frame . we present one - shot video object segmentation ( osvos ), based on a fully - convolutional neural network architecture that is able to successively transfer generic semantic information , learned on imagenet , to the task of foreground segmentation , and finally to learning the appearance of a single annota ←
→ an improved tracking using imu and vision fusion for mobile augmented reality applications ; mobile augmented reality ( mar ) is becoming an important cyber - physical system application given the ubiquitous availability of mobile phones . with the need to operate in unprepared environments , accurate and robust registration and tracking has become an important research problem to solve . in fact , when mar is used for tele - interactive applications involving large distances , say from an accident site to insurance ←
→ author identification using multi - headed recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are very good at modelling the flow of text , but typically need to be trained on a far larger corpus than is available for the pan 2015 author identification task . this paper describes a novel approach where the output layer of a character - level rnn language model is split into several independent predictive sub - models , each representing an author , while the recurrent layer is shared by all . this allows the ←
→ prediction by compression ; it is well known that text compression can be achieved by predicting the next symbol in the stream of text data based on the history seen up to the current symbol . the better the prediction the more skewed the conditional probability distribution of the next symbol and the shorter the codeword that needs to be assigned to represent this next symbol . what about the opposite direction ? suppose we have a black box that can compress text stream . can it be used to predict the next sy ←
→ an impossibility result for reconstruction in a degree - corrected planted - partition model ; we consider a degree - corrected planted - partition model : a random graph on $ n $ nodes with two asymptotically equal - sized clusters . the model parameters are two constants $ a , b > 0 $ and an i . i . d . sequence of weights $(\ phi_u ) _ { u = 1 }^ n $, with finite second moment $\ phi ^{( 2 )}$. vertices $ u $ and $ v $ are joined by an edge with probability $\ frac {\ phi_u \ phi_v }{ n } a $ when they are in the same class and with probability $\ frac ←
→ optimize transfer learning for lung diseases in bronchoscopy using a new concept : sequential fine - tuning ; bronchoscopy inspection as a follow - up procedure from the radiological imaging plays a key role in lung disease diagnosis and determining treatment plans for the patients . doctors needs to make a decision whether to biopsy the patients timely when performing bronchoscopy . however , the doctors also needs to be very selective with biopsies as biopsies may cause uncontrollable bleeding of the lung tissu ←
→ condensenet : an efficient densenet using learned group convolutions ; deep neural networks are increasingly used on mobile devices , where computational resources are limited . in this paper we develop condensenet , a novel network architecture with unprecedented efficiency . it combines dense connectivity between layers with a mechanism to remove unused connections . the dense connectivity facilitates feature re - use in the network , whereas learned group convolutions remove connections between layers for which t ←
→ recurrent convolutional neural networks for discourse compositionality ; the compositionality of meaning extends beyond the single sentence . just as words combine to form the meaning of sentences , so do sentences combine to form the meaning of paragraphs , dialogues and general discourse . we introduce both a sentence model and a discourse model corresponding to the two levels of compositionality . the sentence model adopts convolution as the central operation for composing semantic vectors and is based on a n ←
→ bayesian optimisation for safe navigation under localisation uncertainty ; in outdoor environments , mobile robots are required to navigate through terrain with varying characteristics , some of which might significantly affect the integrity of the platform . ideally , the robot should be able to identify areas that are safe for navigation based on its own percepts about the environment while avoiding damage to itself . bayesian optimisation ( bo ) has been successfully applied to the task of learning a model of t ←
→ statistical ranking and combinatorial hodge theory ; we propose a number of techniques for obtaining a global ranking from data that may be incomplete and imbalanced -- characteristics almost universal to modern datasets coming from e - commerce and internet applications . we are primarily interested in score or rating - based cardinal data . from raw ranking data , we construct pairwise rankings , represented as edge flows on an appropriate graph . our statistical ranking method uses the graph helmholtzian , the gra ←
→ an efficient mean field approach to the set covering problem ; a mean field feedback artificial neural network algorithm is developed and explored for the set covering problem . a convenient encoding of the inequality constraints is achieved by means of a multilinear penalty function . an approximate energy minimum is obtained by iterating a set of mean field equations , in combination with annealing . the approach is numerically tested against a set of publicly available test problems with sizes ranging up to ←
→ time after time : notes on delays in spiking neural p systems ; spiking neural p systems , snp systems for short , are biologically inspired computing devices based on how neurons perform computations . snp systems use only one type of symbol , the spike , in the computations . information is encoded in the time differences of spikes or the multiplicity of spikes produced at certain times . snp systems with delays ( associated with rules ) and those without delays are two of several turing complete snp system variant ←
→ domain adaptation of recurrent neural networks for natural language understanding ; the goal of this paper is to use multi - task learning to efficiently scale slot filling models for natural language understanding to handle multiple target tasks or domains . the key to scalability is reducing the amount of training data needed to learn a model for a new task . the proposed multi - task model delivers better performance with less data by leveraging patterns that it learns from the other tasks . the approach supp ←
→ a new approach to collaborative filtering : operator estimation with spectral regularization ; we present a general approach for collaborative filtering ( cf ) using spectral regularization to learn linear operators from " users " to the " objects " they rate . recent low - rank type matrix completion approaches to cf are shown to be special cases . however , unlike existing regularization based cf methods , our approach can be used to also incorporate information such as attributes of the users or the objects -- a li ←
→ multi - agent cooperation and the emergence of ( natural ) language ; the current mainstream approach to train natural language systems is to expose them to large amounts of text . this passive learning is problematic if we are interested in developing interactive machines , such as conversational agents . we propose a framework for language learning that relies on multi - agent communication . we study this learning in the context of referential games . in these games , a sender and a receiver see a pair of images . th ←
→ procedural content generation via machine learning ( pcgml ) ; this survey explores procedural content generation via machine learning ( pcgml ), defined as the generation of game content using machine learning models trained on existing content . as the importance of pcg for game development increases , researchers explore new avenues for generating high - quality content with or without human involvement ; this paper addresses the relatively new paradigm of using machine learning ( in contrast with search - based , so ←
→ surveillance video parsing with single frame supervision ; surveillance video parsing , which segments the video frames into several labels , e . g ., face , pants , left - leg , has wide applications . however , pixel - wisely annotating all frames is tedious and inefficient . in this paper , we develop a single frame video parsing ( svp ) method which requires only one labeled frame per video in training stage . to parse one particular frame , the video segment preceding the frame is jointly considered . svp ( 1 ) roughly parses ←
→ deep reinforcement learning from raw pixels in doom ; using current reinforcement learning methods , it has recently become possible to learn to play unknown 3d games from raw pixels . in this work , we study the challenges that arise in such complex environments , and summarize current methods to approach these . we choose a task within the doom game , that has not been approached yet . the goal for the agent is to fight enemies in a 3d world consisting of five rooms . we train the dqn and lstm - a3c algorithms on t ←
→ supervising neural attention models for video captioning by human gaze data ; the attention mechanisms in deep neural networks are inspired by human ' s attention that sequentially focuses on the most relevant parts of the information over time to generate prediction output . the attention parameters in those models are implicitly trained in an end - to - end manner , yet there have been few trials to explicitly incorporate human gaze tracking to supervise the attention models . in this paper , we investigate wheth ←
→ a theoretical contribution to the fast implementation of null linear discriminant analysis method using random matrix multiplication with scatter matrices ; the null linear discriminant analysis method is a competitive approach for dimensionality reduction . the implementation of this method , however , is computationally expensive . recently , a fast implementation of null linear discriminant analysis method using random matrix multiplication with scatter matrices was proposed . however , if the random matrix ←
→ a linear algebraic approach to datalog evaluation ; in this paper , we propose a fundamentally new approach to datalog evaluation . given a linear datalog program db written using n constants and binary predicates , we first translate if - and - only - if completions of clauses in db into a set eq ( db ) of matrix equations with a non - linear operation where relations in m_db , the least herbrand model of db , are encoded as adjacency matrices . we then translate eq ( db ) into another , but purely linear matrix equations tild ←
→ deep learning for conifer / deciduous classification of airborne lidar 3d point clouds representing individual trees ; the purpose of this study was to investigate the use of deep learning for coniferous / deciduous classification of individual trees from airborne lidar data . to enable efficient processing by a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ), we designed two discrete representations using leaf - off and leaf - on lidar data : a digital surface model with four channels ( dsmx4 ) and a set of four 2d views ( 4 ←
→ improving discourse relation projection to build discourse annotated corpora ; the naive approach to annotation projection is not effective to project discourse annotations from one language to another because implicit discourse relations are often changed to explicit ones and vice - versa in the translation . in this paper , we propose a novel approach based on the intersection between statistical word - alignment models to identify unsupported discourse annotations . this approach identified 65 % of the unsuppo ←
→ the lovelace 2 . 0 test of artificial creativity and intelligence ; observing that the creation of certain types of artistic artifacts necessitate intelligence , we present the lovelace 2 . 0 test of creativity as an alternative to the turing test as a means of determining whether an agent is intelligent . the lovelace 2 . 0 test builds off prior tests of creativity and additionally provides a means of directly comparing the relative intelligence of different agents .←
→ scaling inference for markov logic with a task - decomposition approach ; motivated by applications in large - scale knowledge base construction , we study the problem of scaling up a sophisticated statistical inference framework called markov logic networks ( mlns ). our approach , felix , uses the idea of lagrangian relaxation from mathematical programming to decompose a program into smaller tasks while preserving the joint - inference property of the original mln . the advantage is that we can use highly scalable sp ←
→ exploiting locality in searching the web ; published experiments on spidering the web suggest that , given training data in the form of a ( relatively small ) subgraph of the web containing a subset of a selected class of target pages , it is possible to conduct a directed search and find additional target pages significantly faster ( with fewer page retrievals ) than by performing a blind or uninformed random or systematic search , e . g ., breadth - first search . if true , this claim motivates a number of practical ap ←
→ learning local receptive fields and their weight sharing scheme on graphs ; we propose a simple and generic layer formulation that extends the properties of convolutional layers to any domain that can be described by a graph . namely , we use the support of its adjacency matrix to design learnable weight sharing filters able to exploit the underlying structure of signals in the same fashion as for images . the proposed formulation makes it possible to learn the weights of the filter as well as a scheme that ←
→ reference - aware language models ; we propose a general class of language models that treat reference as an explicit stochastic latent variable . this architecture allows models to create mentions of entities and their attributes by accessing external databases ( required by , e . g ., dialogue generation and recipe generation ) and internal state ( required by , e . g . language models which are aware of coreference ). this facilitates the incorporation of information that can be accessed in predictable locations in dat ←
→ learning low dimensional convolutional neural networks for high - resolution remote sensing image retrieval ; learning powerful feature representations for image retrieval has always been a challenging task in the field of remote sensing . traditional methods focus on extracting low - level hand - crafted features which are not only time - consuming but also tend to achieve unsatisfactory performance due to the content complexity of remote sensing images . in this paper , we investigate how to extract deep feature r ←
→ a feature based approach for video compression ; it is a high cost problem for panoramic image stitching via image matching algorithm and not practical for real - time performance . in this paper , we take full advantage ofharris corner invariant characterization method light intensity parallel meaning , translation and rotation , and made a realtime panoramic image stitching algorithm . according to the basic characteristics and performance fpga classical algorithm , several modules such as the feature point extra ←
→ unseen class discovery in open - world classification ; this paper concerns open - world classification , where the classifier not only needs to classify test examples into seen classes that have appeared in training but also reject examples from unseen or novel classes that have not appeared in training . specifically , this paper focuses on discovering the hidden unseen classes of the rejected examples . clearly , without prior knowledge this is difficult . however , we do have the data from the seen training classe ←
→ anchornet : a weakly supervised network to learn geometry - sensitive features for semantic matching ; despite significant progress of deep learning in recent years , state - of - the - art semantic matching methods still rely on legacy features such as sift or hog . we argue that the strong invariance properties that are key to the success of recent deep architectures on the classification task make them unfit for dense correspondence tasks , unless a large amount of supervision is used . in this work , we propose a d ←
→ utilization of deep reinforcement learning for saccadic - based object visual search ; the paper focuses on the problem of learning saccades enabling visual object search . the developed system combines reinforcement learning with a neural network for learning to predict the possible outcomes of its actions . we validated the solution in three types of environment consisting of ( pseudo )- randomly generated matrices of digits . the experimental verification is followed by the discussion regarding elements requir ←
→ encoding data for htm systems ; hierarchical temporal memory ( htm ) is a biologically inspired machine intelligence technology that mimics the architecture and processes of the neocortex . in this white paper we describe how to encode data as sparse distributed representations ( sdrs ) for use in htm systems . we explain several existing encoders , which are available through the open source project called nupic , and we discuss requirements for creating encoders for new types of data .←
→ a novel vhr image change detection algorithm based on image fusion and fuzzy c - means clustering ; this thesis describes a study to perform change detection on very high resolution satellite images using image fusion based on 2d discrete wavelet transform and fuzzy c - means clustering algorithm . multiple other methods are also quantitatively and qualitatively compared in this study .←
→ efficient parametric projection pursuit density estimation ; product models of low dimensional experts are a powerful way to avoid the curse of dimensionality . we present the `` under - complete product of experts ' ( upoe ), where each expert models a one dimensional projection of the data . the upoe is fully tractable and may be interpreted as a parametric probabilistic model for projection pursuit . its ml learning rules are identical to the approximate learning rules proposed before for under - complete ica . we a ←
→ influential node detection in implicit social networks using multi - task gaussian copula models ; influential node detection is a central research topic in social network analysis . many existing methods rely on the assumption that the network structure is completely known \ textit { a priori }. however , in many applications , network structure is unavailable to explain the underlying information diffusion phenomenon . to address the challenge of information diffusion analysis with incomplete knowledge of network ←
→ distributed one - class learning ; we propose a cloud - based filter trained to block third parties from uploading privacy - sensitive images of others to online social media . the proposed filter uses distributed one - class learning , which decomposes the cloud - based filter into multiple one - class classifiers . each one - class classifier captures the properties of a class of privacy - sensitive images with an autoencoder . the multi - class filter is then reconstructed by combining the parameters of the one - class autoenco ←
→ how to maximize user satisfaction degree in multi - service ip networks ; bandwidth allocation is a fundamental problem in communication networks . with current network moving towards the future internet model , the problem is further intensified as network traffic demanding far from exceeds network bandwidth capability . maintaining a certain user satisfaction degree therefore becomes a challenge research topic . in this paper , we deal with the problem by proposing basmin , a novel bandwidth allocation scheme tha ←
→ adaptive learning rates and parallelization for stochastic , sparse , non - smooth gradients ; recent work has established an empirically successful framework for adapting learning rates for stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ). this effectively removes all needs for tuning , while automatically reducing learning rates over time on stationary problems , and permitting learning rates to grow appropriately in non - stationary tasks . here , we extend the idea in three directions , addressing proper minibatch parallelizat ←
→ gaussian process domain experts for model adaptation in facial behavior analysis ; we present a novel approach for supervised domain adaptation that is based upon the probabilistic framework of gaussian processes ( gps ). specifically , we introduce domain - specific gps as local experts for facial expression classification from face images . the adaptation of the classifier is facilitated in probabilistic fashion by conditioning the target expert on multiple source experts . furthermore , in contrast to existing ←
→ recruitment market trend analysis with sequential latent variable models ; recruitment market analysis provides valuable understanding of industry - specific economic growth and plays an important role for both employers and job seekers . with the rapid development of online recruitment services , massive recruitment data have been accumulated and enable a new paradigm for recruitment market analysis . however , traditional methods for recruitment market analysis largely rely on the knowledge of domain experts an ←
→ neural activation constellations : unsupervised part model discovery with convolutional networks ; part models of object categories are essential for challenging recognition tasks , where differences in categories are subtle and only reflected in appearances of small parts of the object . we present an approach that is able to learn part models in a completely unsupervised manner , without part annotations and even without given bounding boxes during learning . the key idea is to find constellations of neural ←
→ a brownian motion model and extreme belief machine for modeling sensor data measurements ; as the title suggests , we will describe ( and justify through the presentation of some of the relevant mathematics ) prediction methodologies for sensor measurements . this exposition will mainly be concerned with the mathematics related to modeling the sensor measurements .←
→ quantification of lung abnormalities in cystic fibrosis using deep networks ; cystic fibrosis is a genetic disease which may appear in early life with structural abnormalities in lung tissues . we propose to detect these abnormalities using a texture classification approach . our method is a cascade of two convolutional neural networks . the first network detects the presence of abnormal tissues . the second network identifies the type of the structural abnormalities : bronchiectasis , atelectasis or mucus plug ←
→ aggregation of local parametric candidates with exemplar - based occlusion handling for optical flow ; handling all together large displacements , motion details and occlusions remains an open issue for reliable computation of optical flow in a video sequence . we propose a two - step aggregation paradigm to address this problem . the idea is to supply local motion candidates at every pixel in a first step , and then to combine them to determine the global optical flow field in a second step . we exploit local par ←
→ early detection of alzheimer ' s - a crucial requirement ; alzheimer ' s , an old age disease of people over 65 years causes problems with memory , thinking and behavior . this disease progresses very slow and its identification in early stages is very difficult . the symptoms of alzheimer ' s appear slowly and gradually will have worse effects . in its early stages , not only the patients themselves but their loved ones are generally unable to accept that the patient is suffering from disease . in this paper , we have p ←
→ conditional sparse coding and grouped multivariate regression ; we study the problem of multivariate regression where the data are naturally grouped , and a regression matrix is to be estimated for each group . we propose an approach in which a dictionary of low rank parameter matrices is estimated across groups , and a sparse linear combination of the dictionary elements is estimated to form a model within each group . we refer to the method as conditional sparse coding since it is a coding procedure for the r ←
→ particle swarm optimization based diophantine equation solver ; the paper introduces particle swarm optimization as a viable strategy to find numerical solution of diophantine equation , for which there exists no general method of finding solutions . the proposed methodology uses a population of integer particles . the candidate solutions in the feasible space are optimized to have better positions through particle best and global best positions . the methodology , which follows fully connected neighborhood topo ←
→ efficient distributed semi - supervised learning using stochastic regularization over affinity graphs ; we describe a computationally efficient , stochastic graph - regularization technique that can be utilized for the semi - supervised training of deep neural networks in a parallel or distributed setting . we utilize a technique , first described in [ 13 ] for the construction of mini - batches for stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) based on synthesized partitions of an affinity graph that are consistent with the grap ←
→ minimum risk training for neural machine translation ; we propose minimum risk training for end - to - end neural machine translation . unlike conventional maximum likelihood estimation , minimum risk training is capable of optimizing model parameters directly with respect to arbitrary evaluation metrics , which are not necessarily differentiable . experiments show that our approach achieves significant improvements over maximum likelihood estimation on a state - of - the - art neural machine translation system across va ←
→ generalised dice overlap as a deep learning loss function for highly unbalanced segmentations ; deep - learning has proved in recent years to be a powerful tool for image analysis and is now widely used to segment both 2d and 3d medical images . deep - learning segmentation frameworks rely not only on the choice of network architecture but also on the choice of loss function . when the segmentation process targets rare observations , a severe class imbalance is likely to occur between candidate labels , thus resu ←
→ tracking for half an hour ; long - term tracking requires extreme stability to the multitude of model updates and robustness to the disappearance and loss of the target as such will inevitably happen . for motivation , we have taken 10 randomly selected otb - sequences , doubled each by attaching a reversed version and repeated each double sequence 20 times . on most of these repetitive videos , the best current tracker performs worse on each loop . this illustrates the difference between optimization for short - term ←
→ top - down visual saliency guided by captions ; neural image / video captioning models can generate accurate descriptions , but their internal process of mapping regions to words is a black box and therefore difficult to explain . top - down neural saliency methods can find important regions given a high - level semantic task such as object classification , but cannot use a natural language sentence as the top - down input for the task . in this paper , we propose caption - guided visual saliency to expose the region - to - wor ←
→ the projected power method : an efficient algorithm for joint alignment from pairwise differences ; various applications involve assigning discrete label values to a collection of objects based on some pairwise noisy data . due to the discrete --- and hence nonconvex --- structure of the problem , computing the optimal assignment ( e . g .~ maximum likelihood assignment ) becomes intractable at first sight . this paper makes progress towards efficient computation by focusing on a concrete joint alignment problem --- that ←
→ crowdsourcing multiple choice science questions ; we present a novel method for obtaining high - quality , domain - targeted multiple choice questions from crowd workers . generating these questions can be difficult without trading away originality , relevance or diversity in the answer options . our method addresses these problems by leveraging a large corpus of domain - specific text and a small set of existing questions . it produces model suggestions for document selection and answer distractor choice which aid th ←
→ safe : spectral evolution analysis feature extraction for non - stationary time series prediction ; this paper presents a practical approach for detecting non - stationarity in time series prediction . this method is called safe and works by monitoring the evolution of the spectral contents of time series through a distance function . this method is designed to work in combination with state - of - the - art machine learning methods in real time by informing the online predictors to perform necessary adaptation when a ←
→ solving the uncapacitated single allocation p - hub median problem on gpu ; a parallel genetic algorithm ( ga ) implemented on gpu clusters is proposed to solve the uncapacitated single allocation p - hub median problem . the ga uses binary and integer encoding and genetic operators adapted to this problem . our ga is improved by generated initial solution with hubs located at middle nodes . the obtained experimental results are compared with the best known solutions on all benchmarks on instances up to 1000 nodes . ←
→ variational inference in sparse gaussian process regression and latent variable models - a gentle tutorial ; in this tutorial we explain the inference procedures developed for the sparse gaussian process ( gp ) regression and gaussian process latent variable model ( gplvm ). due to page limit the derivation given in titsias ( 2009 ) and titsias & lawrence ( 2010 ) is brief , hence getting a full picture of it requires collecting results from several different sources and a substantial amount of algebra to fill - in ←
→ proxy templates for inverse compositional photometric bundle adjustment ; recent advances in 3d vision have demonstrated the strengths of photometric bundle adjustment . by directly minimizing reprojected pixel errors , instead of geometric reprojection errors , such methods can achieve sub - pixel alignment accuracy in both high and low textured regions . typically , these problems are solved using a forwards compositional lucas - kanade formulation parameterized by 6 - dof rigid camera poses and a depth per point in ←
→ beyond hypertree width : decomposition methods without decompositions ; the general intractability of the constraint satisfaction problem has motivated the study of restrictions on this problem that permit polynomial - time solvability . one major line of work has focused on structural restrictions , which arise from restricting the interaction among constraint scopes . in this paper , we engage in a mathematical investigation of generalized hypertree width , a structural measure that has up to recently eluded stud ←
→ exploiting semantic contextualization for interpretation of human activity in videos ; we use large - scale commonsense knowledge bases , e . g . conceptnet , to provide context cues to establish semantic relationships among entities directly hypothesized from video signal , such as putative object and actions labels , and infer a deeper interpretation of events than what is directly sensed . one approach is to learn semantic relationships between objects and actions from training annotations of videos and as such ,←
→ a corpus - based study of temporal signals ; automatic temporal ordering of events described in discourse has been of great interest in recent years . event orderings are conveyed in text via va rious linguistic mechanisms including the use of expressions such as " before ", " after " or " during " that explicitly assert a temporal relation -- temporal signals . in this paper , we investigate the role of temporal signals in temporal relation extraction and provide a quantitative analysis of these expres sions in the t ←
→ deep style match for complementary recommendation ; humans develop a common sense of style compatibility between items based on their attributes . we seek to automatically answer questions like " does this shirt go well with that pair of jeans ?" in order to answer these kinds of questions , we attempt to model human sense of style compatibility in this paper . the basic assumption of our approach is that most of the important attributes for a product in an online store are included in its title description . the ←
→ combinatorial topic models using small - variance asymptotics ; topic models have emerged as fundamental tools in unsupervised machine learning . most modern topic modeling algorithms take a probabilistic view and derive inference algorithms based on latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) or its variants . in contrast , we study topic modeling as a combinatorial optimization problem , and propose a new objective function derived from lda by passing to the small - variance limit . we minimize the derived objective by usin ←
→ keyphrase based evaluation of automatic text summarization ; the development of methods to deal with the informative contents of the text units in the matching process is a major challenge in automatic summary evaluation systems that use fixed n - gram matching . the limitation causes inaccurate matching between units in a peer and reference summaries . the present study introduces a new keyphrase based summary evaluator kpeval for evaluating automatic summaries . the kpeval relies on the keyphrases since they c ←
→ predicting out - of - view feature points for model - based camera pose estimation ; in this work we present a novel framework that uses deep learning to predict object feature points that are out - of - view in the input image . this system was developed with the application of model - based tracking in mind , particularly in the case of autonomous inspection robots , where only partial views of the object are available . out - of - view prediction is enabled by applying scaling to the feature point labels during network tr ←
→ vision based railway track monitoring using deep learning ; computer vision based methods have been explored in the past for detection of railway track defects , but full automation has always been a challenge because both traditional image processing methods and deep learning classifiers trained from scratch fail to generalize that well to infinite novel scenarios seen in the real world , given limited amount of labeled data . advancements have been made recently to make machine learning models utilize knowle ←
→ on structured prediction theory with calibrated convex surrogate losses ; we provide novel theoretical insights on structured prediction in the context of efficient convex surrogate loss minimization with consistency guarantees . for any task loss , we construct a convex surrogate that can be optimized via stochastic gradient descent and we prove tight bounds on the so - called " calibration function " relating the excess surrogate risk to the actual risk . in contrast to prior related work , we carefully monitor t ←
→ experts fusion and multilayer perceptron based on belief learning for sonar image classification ; the sonar images provide a rapid view of the seabed in order to characterize it . however , in such as uncertain environment , real seabed is unknown and the only information we can obtain , is the interpretation of different human experts , sometimes in conflict . in this paper , we propose to manage this conflict in order to provide a robust reality for the learning step of classification algorithms . the classifi ←
→ conducting sparse feature selection on arbitrarily long phrases in text corpora with a focus on interpretability ; we propose a general framework for topic - specific summarization of large text corpora , and illustrate how it can be used for analysis in two quite different contexts : an osha database of fatality and catastrophe reports ( to facilitate surveillance for patterns in circumstances leading to injury or death ) and legal decisions on workers ' compensation claims ( to explore relevant case law ). our s ←
→ ensemble sampling ; thompson sampling has emerged as an effective heuristic for a broad range of online decision problems . in its basic form , the algorithm requires computing and sampling from a posterior distribution over models , which is tractable only for simple special cases . this paper develops ensemble sampling , which aims to approximate thompson sampling while maintaining tractability even in the face of complex models such as neural networks . ensemble sampling dramatically expands on the range of ap ←
→ determination of the edge of criticality in echo state networks through fisher information maximization ; it is a widely accepted fact that the computational capability of recurrent neural networks is maximized on the so - called " edge of criticality ". once the network operates in this configuration , it performs efficiently on a specific application both in terms of ( i ) low prediction error and ( ii ) high short - term memory capacity . since the behavior of recurrent networks is strongly influenced by the parti ←
→ we tweet like we talk and other interesting observations : an analysis of english communication modalities ; modalities of communication for human beings are gradually increasing in number with the advent of new forms of technology . many human beings can readily transition between these different forms of communication with little or no effort , which brings about the question : how similar are these different communication modalities ? to understand technology $\ text {'}$ s influence on english communication , f ←
→ compilig at semeval - 2017 task 1 : cross - language plagiarism detection methods for semantic textual similarity ; we present our submitted systems for semantic textual similarity ( sts ) track 4 at semeval - 2017 . given a pair of spanish - english sentences , each system must estimate their semantic similarity by a score between 0 and 5 . in our submission , we use syntax - based , dictionary - based , context - based , and mt - based methods . we also combine these methods in unsupervised and supervised way . our best run ranked ←
→ transfer automatic machine learning ; building effective neural networks requires many design choices . these include the network topology , optimization procedure , regularization , stability methods , and choice of pre - trained parameters . this design is time consuming and requires expert input . automatic machine learning aims automate this process using hyperparameter optimization . however , automatic model building frameworks optimize performance on each task independently , whereas human experts leverage prior ←
→ actual causation and the art of modeling ; we look more carefully at the modeling of causality using structural equations . it is clear that the structural equations can have a major impact on the conclusions we draw about causality . in particular , the choice of variables and their values can also have a significant impact on causality . these choices are , to some extent , subjective . we consider what counts as an appropriate choice . more generally , we consider what makes a model an appropriate model , especial ←
→ design of image matched non - separable wavelet using convolutional neural network ; image - matched nonseparable wavelets can find potential use in many applications including image classification , segmen - tation , compressive sensing , etc . this paper proposes a novel design methodology that utilizes convolutional neural net - work ( cnn ) to design two - channel non - separable wavelet matched to a given image . the design is proposed on quin - cunx lattice . the loss function of the convolutional neural network is se ←
→ benchmarking and error diagnosis in multi - instance pose estimation ; we propose a new method to analyze the impact of errors in algorithms for multi - instance pose estimation and a principled benchmark that can be used to compare them . we define and characterize three classes of errors - localization , scoring , and background - study how they are influenced by instance attributes and their impact on an algorithm ' s performance . our technique is applied to compare the two leading methods for human pose estimati ←
→ advances in hyperspectral image classification : earth monitoring with statistical learning methods ; hyperspectral images show similar statistical properties to natural grayscale or color photographic images . however , the classification of hyperspectral images is more challenging because of the very high dimensionality of the pixels and the small number of labeled examples typically available for learning . these peculiarities lead to particular signal processing problems , mainly characterized by indetermi ←
→ learning non - gaussian time series using the box - cox gaussian process ; gaussian processes ( gps ) are bayesian nonparametric generative models that provide interpretability of hyperparameters , admit closed - form expressions for training and inference , and are able to accurately represent uncertainty . to model general non - gaussian data with complex correlation structure , gps can be paired with an expressive covariance kernel and then fed into a nonlinear transformation ( or warping ). however , overparametrising t ←
→ deepcut : joint subset partition and labeling for multi person pose estimation ; this paper considers the task of articulated human pose estimation of multiple people in real world images . we propose an approach that jointly solves the tasks of detection and pose estimation : it infers the number of persons in a scene , identifies occluded body parts , and disambiguates body parts between people in close proximity of each other . this joint formulation is in contrast to previous strategies , that address the pr ←
→ combining bayesian approaches and evolutionary techniques for the inference of breast cancer networks ; gene and protein networks are very important to model complex large - scale systems in molecular biology . inferring or reverseengineering such networks can be defined as the process of identifying gene / protein interactions from experimental data through computational analysis . however , this task is typically complicated by the enormously large scale of the unknowns in a rather small sample size . furthermo ←
→ active regression with adaptive huber loss ; this paper addresses the scalar regression problem through a novel solution to exactly optimize the huber loss in a general semi - supervised setting , which combines multi - view learning and manifold regularization . we propose a principled algorithm to 1 ) avoid computationally expensive iterative schemes while 2 ) adapting the huber loss threshold in a data - driven fashion and 3 ) actively balancing the use of labelled data to remove noisy or inconsistent annotations a ←
→ classification approach based on association rules mining for unbalanced data ; this paper deals with the binary classification task when the target class has the lower probability of occurrence . in such situation , it is not possible to build a powerful classifier by using standard methods such as logistic regression , classification tree , discriminant analysis , etc . to overcome this short - coming of these methods which yield classifiers with low sensibility , we tackled the classification problem here throu ←
→ a fuzzy model for analogical problem solving ; in this paper we develop a fuzzy model for the description of the process of analogical reasoning by representing its main steps as fuzzy subsets of a set of linguistic labels characterizing the individuals ' performance in each step and we use the shannon - wiener diversity index as a measure of the individuals ' abilities in analogical problem solving . this model is compared with a stochastic model presented in author ' s earlier papers by introducing a finite mar ←
→ word sense disambiguation : a complex network approach ; in recent years , concepts and methods of complex networks have been employed to tackle the word sense disambiguation ( wsd ) task by representing words as nodes , which are connected if they are semantically similar . despite the increasingly number of studies carried out with such models , most of them use networks just to represent the data , while the pattern recognition performed on the attribute space is performed using traditional learning techniques . ←
→ computing a nonnegative matrix factorization -- provably ; in the nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) problem we are given an $ n \ times m $ nonnegative matrix $ m $ and an integer $ r > 0 $. our goal is to express $ m $ as $ a w $ where $ a $ and $ w $ are nonnegative matrices of size $ n \ times r $ and $ r \ times m $ respectively . in some applications , it makes sense to ask instead for the product $ aw $ to approximate $ m $ -- i . e . ( approximately ) minimize $\ norm { m - aw } _f $ where $\ norm {} _f $ denotes the frobenius norm ; we ←
→ supervised logeuclidean metric learning for symmetric positive definite matrices ; metric learning has been shown to be highly effective to improve the performance of nearest neighbor classification . in this paper , we address the problem of metric learning for symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrices such as covariance matrices , which arise in many real - world applications . naively using standard mahalanobis metric learning methods under the euclidean geometry for spd matrices is not appropriate , because ←
→ a selective macro - learning algorithm and its application to the nxn sliding - tile puzzle ; one of the most common mechanisms used for speeding up problem solvers is macro - learning . macros are sequences of basic operators acquired during problem solving . macros are used by the problem solver as if they were basic operators . the major problem that macro - learning presents is the vast number of macros that are available for acquisition . macros increase the branching factor of the search space and can severely ←
→ pre - training neural networks with human demonstrations for deep reinforcement learning ; deep reinforcement learning ( deep rl ) has achieved superior performance in complex sequential tasks by using a deep neural network as its function approximator and by learning directly from raw images . a drawback of using raw images is that deep rl must learn the state feature representation from the raw images in addition to learning a policy . as a result , deep rl can require a prohibitively large amount of training ←
→ ensemble adversarial training : attacks and defenses ; adversarial examples are perturbed inputs designed to fool machine learning models . adversarial training injects such examples into training data to increase robustness . to scale this technique to large datasets , perturbations are crafted using fast single - step methods that maximize a linear approximation of the model ' s loss . we show that this form of adversarial training converges to a degenerate global minimum , wherein small curvature artifacts near th ←
→ a generative model for score normalization in speaker recognition ; we propose a theoretical framework for thinking about score normalization , which confirms that normalization is not needed under ( admittedly fragile ) ideal conditions . if , however , these conditions are not met , e . g . under data - set shift between training and runtime , our theory reveals dependencies between scores that could be exploited by strategies such as score normalization . indeed , it has been demonstrated over and over experimentally , ←
→ evaluation of hindi to punjabi machine translation system ; machine translation in india is relatively young . the earliest efforts date from the late 80s and early 90s . the success of every system is judged from its evaluation experimental results . number of machine translation systems has been started for development but to the best of author knowledge , no high quality system has been completed which can be used in real applications . recently , punjabi university , patiala , india has developed punjabi to hin ←
→ information - theoretical learning of discriminative clusters for unsupervised domain adaptation ; we study the problem of unsupervised domain adaptation , which aims to adapt classifiers trained on a labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain . many existing approaches first learn domain - invariant features and then construct classifiers with them . we propose a novel approach that jointly learn the both . specifically , while the method identifies a feature space where data in the source and the target ←
→ rhythm transcription of polyphonic piano music based on merged - output hmm for multiple voices ; in a recent conference paper , we have reported a rhythm transcription method based on a merged - output hidden markov model ( hmm ) that explicitly describes the multiple - voice structure of polyphonic music . this model solves a major problem of conventional methods that could not properly describe the nature of multiple voices as in polyrhythmic scores or in the phenomenon of loose synchrony between voices . in this ←
→ generative adversarial active learning ; we propose a new active learning by query synthesis approach using generative adversarial networks ( gan ). different from regular active learning , the resulting algorithm adaptively synthesizes training instances for querying to increase learning speed . we generate queries according to the uncertainty principle , but our idea can work with other active learning principles . we report results from various numerical experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness the propose ←
→ rule based transliteration scheme for english to punjabi ; machine transliteration has come out to be an emerging and a very important research area in the field of machine translation . transliteration basically aims to preserve the phonological structure of words . proper transliteration of name entities plays a very significant role in improving the quality of machine translation . in this paper we are doing machine transliteration for english - punjabi language pair using rule based approach . we have constru ←
→ a trust - based security mechanism for nomadic users in pervasive systems ; the emergence of network technologies and the appearance of new varied applications in terms of services and resources , has created new security problems for which existing solutions and mechanisms are inadequate , especially problems of identification and authentication . in a highly distributed and pervasive system , a uniform and centralized security management is not an option . it then becomes necessary to give more autonomy to secur ←
→ accelerated hierarchical density clustering ; we present an accelerated algorithm for hierarchical density based clustering . our new algorithm improves upon hdbscan *, which itself provided a significant qualitative improvement over the popular dbscan algorithm . the accelerated hdbscan * algorithm provides comparable performance to dbscan , while supporting variable density clusters , and eliminating the need for the difficult to tune distance scale parameter . this makes accelerated hdbscan * the default choice ←
→ emerge - sort : converging to ordered sequences by simple local operators ; in this paper we examine sorting on the assumption that we do not know in advance which way to sort a sequence of numbers and we set at work simple local comparison and swap operators whose repeating application ends up in sorted sequences . these are the basic elements of emerge - sort , our approach to self - organizing sorting , which we then validate experimentally across a range of samples . observing an o ( n2 ) run - time behaviour , we note ←
→ consistency and random constraint satisfaction models ; in this paper , we study the possibility of designing non - trivial random csp models by exploiting the intrinsic connection between structures and typical - case hardness . we show that constraint consistency , a notion that has been developed to improve the efficiency of csp algorithms , is in fact the key to the design of random csp models that have interesting phase transition behavior and guaranteed exponential resolution complexity without putting much r ←
→ factored value iteration converges ; in this paper we propose a novel algorithm , factored value iteration ( fvi ), for the approximate solution of factored markov decision processes ( fmdps ). the traditional approximate value iteration algorithm is modified in two ways . for one , the least - squares projection operator is modified so that it does not increase max - norm , and thus preserves convergence . the other modification is that we uniformly sample polynomially many samples from the ( exponentially large ) state ←
→ a savage - like axiomatization for nonstandard expected utility ; since leonard savage ' s epoch - making " foundations of statistics ", subjective expected utility theory has been the presumptive model for decision - making . savage provided an act - based axiomatization of standard expected utility theory . in this article , we provide a savage - like axiomatization of nonstandard expected utility theory . it corresponds to a weakening of savage ' s 6th axiom .←
→ exact structure discovery in bayesian networks with less space ; the fastest known exact algorithms for scorebased structure discovery in bayesian networks on n nodes run in time and space 2nno ( 1 ). the usage of these algorithms is limited to networks on at most around 25 nodes mainly due to the space requirement . here , we study space - time tradeoffs for finding an optimal network structure . when little space is available , we apply the gurevich - shelah recurrence - originally proposed for the hamiltonian path pr ←
→ solving the resource constrained project scheduling problem with generalized precedences by lazy clause generation ; the technical report presents a generic exact solution approach for minimizing the project duration of the resource - constrained project scheduling problem with generalized precedences ( rcpsp / max ). the approach uses lazy clause generation , i . e ., a hybrid of finite domain and boolean satisfiability solving , in order to apply nogood learning and conflict - driven search on the solution generatio ←
→ local procrustes for manifold embedding : a measure of embedding quality and embedding algorithms ; we present the procrustes measure , a novel measure based on procrustes rotation that enables quantitative comparison of the output of manifold - based embedding algorithms ( such as lle ( roweis and saul , 2000 ) and isomap ( tenenbaum et al , 2000 )). the measure also serves as a natural tool when choosing dimension - reduction parameters . we also present two novel dimension - reduction techniques that attempt to minimi ←
→ cp - logic : a language of causal probabilistic events and its relation to logic programming ; this papers develops a logical language for representing probabilistic causal laws . our interest in such a language is twofold . first , it can be motivated as a fundamental study of the representation of causal knowledge . causality has an inherent dynamic aspect , which has been studied at the semantical level by shafer in his framework of probability trees . in such a dynamic context , where the evolution of a domain ←
→ semantic image segmentation with task - specific edge detection using cnns and a discriminatively trained domain transform ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are the backbone of state - of - art semantic image segmentation systems . recent work has shown that complementing cnns with fully - connected conditional random fields ( crfs ) can significantly enhance their object localization accuracy , yet dense crf inference is computationally expensive . we propose replacing the fully - connected crf with domain tr ←
→ integral transforms from finite data : an application of gaussian process regression to fourier analysis ; computing accurate estimates of the fourier transform of analog signals from discrete data points is important in many fields of science and engineering . the conventional approach of performing the discrete fourier transform of the data implicitly assumes periodicity and bandlimitedness of the signal . in this paper , we use gaussian process regression to estimate the fourier transform ( or any other int ←
→ the emotional arcs of stories are dominated by six basic shapes ; advances in computing power , natural language processing , and digitization of text now make it possible to study a culture ' s evolution through its texts using a " big data " lens . our ability to communicate relies in part upon a shared emotional experience , with stories often following distinct emotional trajectories and forming patterns that are meaningful to us . here , by classifying the emotional arcs for a filtered subset of 1 , 327 stories fr ←
→ tracking gaze and visual focus of attention of people involved in social interaction ; the visual focus of attention ( vfoa ) has been recognized as a prominent conversational cue . we are interested in estimating and tracking the vfoas associated with multi - party social interactions . we note that in this type of situations the participants either look at each other or at an object of interest ; therefore their eyes are not always visible . consequently both gaze and vfoa estimation cannot be based on eye dete ←
→ unsupervised action proposal ranking through proposal recombination ; recently , action proposal methods have played an important role in action recognition tasks , as they reduce the search space dramatically . most unsupervised action proposal methods tend to generate hundreds of action proposals which include many noisy , inconsistent , and unranked action proposals , while supervised action proposal methods take advantage of predefined object detectors ( e . g ., human detector ) to refine and score the action pro ←
→ c3po : database and benchmark for early - stage malicious activity detection in 3d printing ; increasing malicious users have sought practices to leverage 3d printing technology to produce unlawful tools in criminal activities . current regulations are inadequate to deal with the rapid growth of 3d printers . it is of vital importance to enable 3d printers to identify the objects to be printed , so that the manufacturing procedure of an illegal weapon can be terminated at the early stage . deep learning yields s ←
→ learning to diversify via weighted kernels for classifier ensemble ; classifier ensemble generally should combine diverse component classifiers . however , it is difficult to give a definitive connection between diversity measure and ensemble accuracy . given a list of available component classifiers , how to adaptively and diversely ensemble classifiers becomes a big challenge in the literature . in this paper , we argue that diversity , not direct diversity on samples but adaptive diversity with data , is highly ←
→ human - in - the - loop artificial intelligence ; little by little , newspapers are revealing the bright future that artificial intelligence ( ai ) is building . intelligent machines will help everywhere . however , this bright future has a dark side : a dramatic job market contraction before its unpredictable transformation . hence , in a near future , large numbers of job seekers will need financial support while catching up with these novel unpredictable jobs . this possible job market crisis has an antidote inside . in f ←
→ identifying reliable annotations for large scale image segmentation ; challenging computer vision tasks , in particular semantic image segmentation , require large training sets of annotated images . while obtaining the actual images is often unproblematic , creating the necessary annotation is a tedious and costly process . therefore , one often has to work with unreliable annotation sources , such as amazon mechanical turk or ( semi -) automatic algorithmic techniques . in this work , we present a gaussian process ( g ←
→ face sketch matching via coupled deep transform learning ; face sketch to digital image matching is an important challenge of face recognition that involves matching across different domains . current research efforts have primarily focused on extracting domain invariant representations or learning a mapping from one domain to the other . in this research , we propose a novel transform learning based approach termed as deeptransformer , which learns a transformation and mapping function between the features of ←
→ multimodal transfer : a hierarchical deep convolutional neural network for fast artistic style transfer ; transferring artistic styles onto everyday photographs has become an extremely popular task in both academia and industry . recently , offline training has replaced on - line iterative optimization , enabling nearly real - time stylization . when those stylization networks are applied directly to high - resolution images , however , the style of localized regions often appears less similar to the desired artistic ←
→ the quasispecies regime for the simple genetic algorithm with ranking selection ; we study the simple genetic algorithm with a ranking selection mechanism ( linear ranking or tournament ). we denote by $\ ell $ the length of the chromosomes , by $ m $ the population size , by $ p_c $ the crossover probability and by $ p_m $ the mutation probability . we introduce a parameter $\ sigma $, called the selection drift , which measures the selection intensity of the fittest chromosome . we show that the dynamics of the genetic ←
→ interpolation in equilibrium logic and answer set programming : the propositional case ; interpolation is an important property of classical and many non classical logics that has been shown to have interesting applications in computer science and ai . here we study the interpolation property for the propositional version of the non - monotonic system of equilibrium logic , establishing weaker or stronger forms of interpolation depending on the precise interpretation of the inference relation . these results al ←
→ identity and granularity of events in text ; in this paper we describe a method to detect event descrip - tions in different news articles and to model the semantics of events and their components using rdf representations . we compare these descriptions to solve a cross - document event coreference task . our com - ponent approach to event semantics defines identity and granularity of events at different levels . it performs close to state - of - the - art approaches on the cross - document event coreference task , while ←
→ modeling and propagating cnns in a tree structure for visual tracking ; we present an online visual tracking algorithm by managing multiple target appearance models in a tree structure . the proposed algorithm employs convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to represent target appearances , where multiple cnns collaborate to estimate target states and determine the desirable paths for online model updates in the tree . by maintaining multiple cnns in diverse branches of tree structure , it is convenient to deal wi ←
→ using clustering to extract personality information from socio economic data ; it has become apparent that models that have been applied widely in economics , including machine learning techniques and data mining methods , should take into consideration principles that derive from the theories of personality psychology in order to discover more comprehensive knowledge regarding complicated economic behaviours . in this work , we present a method to extract behavioural groups by using simple clustering techniq ←
→ design of intelligent agents based system for commodity market simulation with jade ; a market of potato commodity for industry scale usage is engaging several types of actors . they are farmers , middlemen , and industries . a multi - agent system has been built to simulate these actors into agent entities , based on manually given parameters within a simulation scenario file . each type of agents has its own fuzzy logic representing actual actors ' knowledge , to be used to interpreting values and take appropriat ←
→ breast density classification with deep convolutional neural networks ; breast density classification is an essential part of breast cancer screening . although a lot of prior work considered this problem as a task for learning algorithms , to our knowledge , all of them used small and not clinically realistic data both for training and evaluation of their models . in this work , we explore the limits of this task with a data set coming from over 200 , 000 breast cancer screening exams . we use this data to train a ←
→ twitter hash tag recommendation ; the rise in popularity of microblogging services like twitter has led to increased use of content annotation strategies like the hashtag . hashtags provide users with a tagging mechanism to help organize , group , and create visibility for their posts . this is a simple idea but can be challenging for the user in practice which leads to infrequent usage . in this paper , we will investigate various methods of recommending hashtags as new posts are created to encourage more widesp ←
→ dynamic fusion networks for machine reading comprehension ; this paper presents a novel neural model - dynamic fusion network ( dfn ), for machine reading comprehension ( mrc ). dfns differ from most state - of - the - art models in their use of a dynamic multi - strategy attention process , in which passages , questions and answer candidates are jointly fused into attention vectors , along with a dynamic multi - step reasoning module for generating answers . with the use of reinforcement learning , for each input sample that ←
→ the design and experimental analysis of algorithms for temporal reasoning ; many applications -- from planning and scheduling to problems in molecular biology -- rely heavily on a temporal reasoning component . in this paper , we discuss the design and empirical analysis of algorithms for a temporal reasoning system based on allen ' s influential interval - based framework for representing temporal information . at the core of the system are algorithms for determining whether the temporal information is consiste ←
→ space and the synchronic a - ram ; space is a circuit oriented , spatial programming language designed to exploit the massive parallelism available in a novel formal model of computation called the synchronic a - ram , and physically related fpga and reconfigurable architectures . space expresses variable grained mimd parallelism , is modular , strictly typed , and deterministic . barring operations associated with memory allocation and compilation , modules cannot access global variables , and are referentially transpa ←
→ convolutional neural networks for histopathology image classification : training vs . using pre - trained networks ; we explore the problem of classification within a medical image data - set based on a feature vector extracted from the deepest layer of pre - trained convolution neural networks . we have used feature vectors from several pre - trained structures , including networks with / without transfer learning to evaluate the performance of pre - trained deep features versus cnns which have been trained by that spec ←
→ a model - based approach to predicting predator - prey & friend - foe relationships in ant colonies ; understanding predator - prey relationships among insects is a challenging task in the domain of insect - colony research . this is due to several factors involved , such as determining whether a particular behavior is the result of a predator - prey interaction , a friend - foe interaction or another kind of interaction . in this paper , we analyze a series of predator - prey and friend - foe interactions in two colonies of ca ←
→ multi - view metric learning for multi - instance image classification ; it is critical and meaningful to make image classification since it can help human in image retrieval and recognition , object detection , etc . in this paper , three - sides efforts are made to accomplish the task . first , visual features with bag - of - words representation , not single vector , are extracted to characterize the image . to improve the performance , the idea of multi - view learning is implemented and three kinds of features are provided ,←
→ human curation and convnets : powering item - to - item recommendations on pinterest ; this paper presents pinterest related pins , an item - to - item recommendation system that combines collaborative filtering with content - based ranking . we demonstrate that signals derived from user curation , the activity of users organizing content , are highly effective when used in conjunction with content - based ranking . this paper also demonstrates the effectiveness of visual features , such as image or object representations l ←
→ a neural algorithm of artistic style ; in fine art , especially painting , humans have mastered the skill to create unique visual experiences through composing a complex interplay between the content and style of an image . thus far the algorithmic basis of this process is unknown and there exists no artificial system with similar capabilities . however , in other key areas of visual perception such as object and face recognition near - human performance was recently demonstrated by a class of biologically inspire ←
→ depth map completion by jointly exploiting blurry color images and sparse depth maps ; we aim at predicting a complete and high - resolution depth map from incomplete , sparse and noisy depth measurements . existing methods handle this problem either by exploiting various regularizations on the depth maps directly or resorting to learning based methods . when the corresponding color images are available , the correlation between the depth maps and the color images are used to improve the completion performance ,←
→ neuro fuzzy systems : sate - of - the - art modeling techniques ; fusion of artificial neural networks ( ann ) and fuzzy inference systems ( fis ) have attracted the growing interest of researchers in various scientific and engineering areas due to the growing need of adaptive intelligent systems to solve the real world problems . ann learns from scratch by adjusting the interconnections between layers . fis is a popular computing framework based on the concept of fuzzy set theory , fuzzy if - then rules , and fuzzy reasoni ←
→ roget ' s thesaurus and semantic similarity ; we have implemented a system that measures semantic similarity using a computerized 1987 roget ' s thesaurus , and evaluated it by performing a few typical tests . we compare the results of these tests with those produced by wordnet - based similarity measures . one of the benchmarks is miller and charles ' list of 30 noun pairs to which human judges had assigned similarity measures . we correlate these measures with those computed by several nlp systems . the 30 pairs can ←
→ combinatorial multi - armed bandit with probabilistically triggered arms : a case with bounded regret ; in this paper , we study the combinatorial multi - armed bandit problem ( cmab ) with probabilistically triggered arms ( ptas ). under the assumption that the arm triggering probabilities ( atps ) are positive for all arms , we prove that a class of upper confidence bound ( ucb ) policies , named combinatorial ucb with exploration rate $\ kappa $ ( cucb -$\ kappa $), and combinatorial thompson sampling ( cts ), which estimates ←
→ novel and fast algorithm for extracting license plate location based on edge analysis ; nowadays in developing or developed countries , the intelligent transportation system ( its ) technology has attracted so much attention to itself . license plate recognition ( lpr ) systems have many applications in itss , such as the payment of parking fee , controlling the traffic volume , traffic data collection , etc . this paper presents a new and fast method for license plate extraction based on edge analysis . our proposed ←
→ towards black - box iterative machine teaching ; in this paper , we make an important step towards the black - box machine teaching by considering the cross - space teaching setting , where the teacher and the learner use different feature representations and the teacher can not fully observe the learner ' s model . in such scenario , we study how the teacher is still able to teach the learner to achieve a faster convergence rate than the traditional passive learning . we propose an active teacher model that can activel ←
→ adaptive threshold sampling and estimation ; sampling is a fundamental problem in both computer science and statistics . a number of issues arise when designing a method based on sampling . these include statistical considerations such as constructing a good sampling design and ensuring there are good , tractable estimators for the quantities of interest as well as computational considerations such as designing fast algorithms for streaming data and ensuring the sample fits within memory constraints . unfortuna ←
→ detecting human interventions on the landscape : kaze features , poisson point processes , and a construction dataset ; we present an algorithm capable of identifying a wide variety of human - induced change on the surface of the planet by analyzing matches between local features in time - sequenced remote sensing imagery . we evaluate feature sets , match protocols , and the statistical modeling of feature matches . with application of kaze features , k - nearest - neighbor descriptor matching , and geometric proximity a ←
→ combining a self - organising map with memory - based learning ; memory - based learning ( mbl ) has enjoyed considerable success in corpus - based natural language processing ( nlp ) tasks and is thus a reliable method of getting a high - level of performance when building corpus - based nlp systems . however there is a bottleneck in mbl whereby any novel testing item has to be compared against all the training items in memory base . for this reason there has been some interest in various forms of memory editing whereby som ←
→ efficient multivariate sequence classification ; kernel - based approaches for sequence classification have been successfully applied to a variety of domains , including the text categorization , image classification , speech analysis , biological sequence analysis , time series and music classification , where they show some of the most accurate results . typical kernel functions for sequences in these domains ( e . g ., bag - of - words , mismatch , or subsequence kernels ) are restricted to {\ em discrete univariate } ( i . e .←
→ hidden two - stream convolutional networks for action recognition ; analyzing videos of human actions involves understanding the temporal relationships among video frames . cnns are the current state - of - the - art methods for action recognition in videos . however , the cnn architectures currently being used have difficulty in capturing these relationships . state - of - the - art action recognition approaches rely on traditional local optical flow estimation methods to pre - compute motion information for cnns . such a two -←
→ adapting stochastic search for real - time dynamic weighted constraint satisfaction ; this work presents two new algorithms for performing constraint satisfaction . the first algorithm presented , dmaxwalksat , is a constraint solver specialized for solving dynamic , weighted constraint satisfaction problems . the second algorithm , rdmaxwalksat , is a derivative of dmaxwalksat that has been modified into an anytime algorithm , and hence support realtime constraint satisfaction . dmaxwalksat is shown to offer perfor ←
→ detection bank : an object detection based video representation for multimedia event recognition ; while low - level image features have proven to be effective representations for visual recognition tasks such as object recognition and scene classification , they are inadequate to capture complex semantic meaning required to solve high - level visual tasks such as multimedia event detection and recognition . recognition or retrieval of events and activities can be improved if specific discriminative objects are ←
→ rapid exact signal scanning with deep convolutional neural networks ; a rigorous formulation of the dynamics of a signal processing scheme aimed at dense signal scanning without any loss in accuracy is introduced and analyzed . related methods proposed in the recent past lack a satisfactory analysis of whether they actually fulfill any exactness constraints . this is improved through an exact characterization of the requirements for a sound sliding window approach . the tools developed in this paper are especi ←
→ prediction of muscle activations for reaching movements using deep neural networks ; the motor control problem involves determining the time - varying muscle activation trajectories required to accomplish a given movement . muscle redundancy makes motor control a challenging task : there are many possible activation trajectories that accomplish the same movement . despite this redundancy , most movements are accomplished in highly stereotypical ways . for example , point - to - point reaching movements are almost uni ←
→ particle value functions ; the policy gradients of the expected return objective can react slowly to rare rewards . yet , in some cases agents may wish to emphasize the low or high returns regardless of their probability . borrowing from the economics and control literature , we review the risk - sensitive value function that arises from an exponential utility and illustrate its effects on an example . this risk - sensitive value function is not always applicable to reinforcement learning problems , so we introduce t ←
→ fusion of multiple matchers using svm for offline signature identification ; this paper uses support vector machines ( svm ) to fuse multiple classifiers for an offline signature system . from the signature images , global and local features are extracted and the signatures are verified with the help of gaussian empirical rule , euclidean and mahalanobis distance based classifiers . svm is used to fuse matching scores of these matchers . finally , recognition of query signatures is done by comparing it with all s ←
→ decision support with text - based emotion recognition : deep learning for affective computing ; emotions widely affect the decision - making of humans and , hence , affective computing takes emotional states into account with the goal of tailoring decision support to individuals . however , the accurate recognition of emotions within narrative materials presents a challenging undertaking due to the complexity and ambiguity of language . even though deep learning has evolved as the state - of - the - art in various tasks ←
→ evidence algorithm and system for automated deduction : a retrospective view ; a research project aimed at the development of an automated theorem proving system was started in kiev ( ukraine ) in early 1960s . the mastermind of the project , academician v . glushkov , baptized it " evidence algorithm ", ea . the work on the project lasted , off and on , more than 40 years . in the framework of the project , the russian and english versions of the system for automated deduction , sad , were constructed . they may be alread ←
→ on the existence of synchrostates in multichannel eeg signals during face - perception tasks ; phase synchronisation in multichannel eeg is known as the manifestation of functional brain connectivity . traditional phase synchronisation studies are mostly based on time average synchrony measures hence do not preserve the temporal evolution of the phase difference . here we propose a new method to show the existence of a small set of unique phase synchronised patterns or " states " in multi - channel eeg recordings ←
→ tensor train neighborhood preserving embedding ; in this paper , we propose a tensor train neighborhood preserving embedding ( ttnpe ) to embed multi - dimensional tensor data into low dimensional tensor subspace . novel approaches to solve the optimization problem in ttnpe are proposed . for this embedding , we evaluate novel trade - off gain among classification , computation , and dimensionality reduction ( storage ) for supervised learning . it is shown that compared to the state - of - the - arts tensor embedding methods , ←
→ simulation based hardness evaluation of a multi - objective genetic algorithm ; studies have shown that multi - objective optimization problems are hard problems . such problems either require longer time to converge to an optimum solution , or may not converge at all . recently some researchers have claimed that real culprit for increasing the hardness of multi - objective problems are not the number of objectives themselves rather it is the increased size of solution set , incompatibility of solutions , and high p ←
→ generalized low rank models ; principal components analysis ( pca ) is a well - known technique for approximating a tabular data set by a low rank matrix . here , we extend the idea of pca to handle arbitrary data sets consisting of numerical , boolean , categorical , ordinal , and other data types . this framework encompasses many well known techniques in data analysis , such as nonnegative matrix factorization , matrix completion , sparse and robust pca , $ k $- means , $ k $- svd , and maximum margin matrix factorization . the ←
→ a logic of knowing how ; in this paper , we propose a single - agent modal logic framework for reasoning about goal - direct " knowing how " based on ideas from linguistics , philosophy , modal logic and automated planning . we first define a modal language to express " i know how to guarantee phi given psi " with a semantics not based on standard epistemic models but labelled transition systems that represent the agent ' s knowledge of his own abilities . a sound and complete proof system is given to capture the valid re ←
→ group invariant deep representations for image instance retrieval ; most image instance retrieval pipelines are based on comparison of vectors known as global image descriptors between a query image and the database images . due to their success in large scale image classification , representations extracted from convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) are quickly gaining ground on fisher vectors ( fvs ) as state - of - the - art global descriptors for image instance retrieval . while cnn - based descriptors are generally r ←
→ hybrid approach to english - hindi name entity transliteration ; machine translation ( mt ) research in indian languages is still in its infancy . not much work has been done in proper transliteration of name entities in this domain . in this paper we address this issue . we have used english - hindi language pair for our experiments and have used a hybrid approach . at first we have processed english words using a rule based approach which extracts individual phonemes from the words and then we have applied statisti ←
→ reinforcement learning for bandit neural machine translation with simulated human feedback ; machine translation is a natural candidate problem for reinforcement learning from human feedback : users provide quick , dirty ratings on candidate translations to guide a system to improve . yet , current neural machine translation training focuses on expensive human - generated reference translations . we describe a reinforcement learning algorithm that improves neural machine translation systems from simulated human ←
→ automata networks for multi - party communication in the naming game ; the naming game has been studied to explore the role of self - organization in the development and negotiation of linguistic conventions . in this paper , we define an automata networks approach to the naming game . two problems are faced : ( 1 ) the definition of an automata networks for multi - party communicative interactions ; and ( 2 ) the proof of convergence for three different orders in which the individuals are updated ( updating schemes ). fina ←
→ un - regularizing : approximate proximal point and faster stochastic algorithms for empirical risk minimization ; we develop a family of accelerated stochastic algorithms that minimize sums of convex functions . our algorithms improve upon the fastest running time for empirical risk minimization ( erm ), and in particular linear least - squares regression , across a wide range of problem settings . to achieve this , we establish a framework based on the classical proximal point algorithm . namely , we provide several ←
→ stein variational message passing for continuous graphical models ; we propose a novel distributed inference algorithm for continuous graphical models , by extending stein variational gradient descent ( svgd ) to leverage the markov dependency structure of the distribution of interest . our approach combines svgd with a set of structured local kernel functions defined on the markov blanket of each node , which alleviates the curse of high dimensionality and simultaneously yields a distributed algorithm for decen ←
→ cap 2017 challenge : twitter named entity recognition ; the paper describes the cap 2017 challenge . the challenge concerns the problem of named entity recognition ( ner ) for tweets written in french . we first present the data preparation steps we followed for constructing the dataset released in the framework of the challenge . we begin by demonstrating why ner for tweets is a challenging problem especially when the number of entities increases . we detail the annotation process and the necessary decisions we m ←
→ manifold gaussian processes for regression ; off - the - shelf gaussian process ( gp ) covariance functions encode smoothness assumptions on the structure of the function to be modeled . to model complex and non - differentiable functions , these smoothness assumptions are often too restrictive . one way to alleviate this limitation is to find a different representation of the data by introducing a feature space . this feature space is often learned in an unsupervised way , which might lead to data representations that ←
→ nine features in a random forest to learn taxonomical semantic relations ; root9 is a supervised system for the classification of hypernyms , co - hyponyms and random words that is derived from the already introduced root13 ( santus et al ., 2016 ). it relies on a random forest algorithm and nine unsupervised corpus - based features . we evaluate it with a 10 - fold cross validation on 9 , 600 pairs , equally distributed among the three classes and involving several parts - of - speech ( i . e . adjectives , nouns and verbs ). whe ←
→ tips , guidelines and tools for managing multi - label datasets : the mldr . datasets r package and the cometa data repository ; new proposals in the field of multi - label learning algorithms have been growing in number steadily over the last few years . the experimentation associated with each of them always goes through the same phases : selection of datasets , partitioning , training , analysis of results and , finally , comparison with existing methods . this last step is often hampered since it involves using exact ←
→ semi - supervised graph embedding approach to dynamic link prediction ; we propose a simple discrete time semi - supervised graph embedding approach to link prediction in dynamic networks . the learned embedding reflects information from both the temporal and cross - sectional network structures , which is performed by defining the loss function as a weighted sum of the supervised loss from past dynamics and the unsupervised loss of predicting the neighborhood context in the current network . our model is also capab ←
→ a tutorial on canonical correlation methods ; canonical correlation analysis is a family of multivariate statistical methods for the analysis of paired sets of variables . since its proposition , canonical correlation analysis has for instance been extended to extract relations between two sets of variables when the sample size is insufficient in relation to the data dimensionality , when the relations have been considered to be non - linear , and when the dimensionality is too large for human interpretation . thi ←
→ classifying and segmenting microscopy images using convolutional multiple instance learning ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have achieved state of the art performance on both classification and segmentation tasks . applying cnns to microscopy images is challenging due to the lack of datasets labeled at the single cell level . we extend the application of cnns to microscopy image classification and segmentation using multiple instance learning ( mil ). we present the adaptive noisy - and mil pooling functi ←
→ estimating densities with non - parametric exponential families ; we propose a novel approach for density estimation with exponential families for the case when the true density may not fall within the chosen family . our approach augments the sufficient statistics with features designed to accumulate probability mass in the neighborhood of the observed points , resulting in a non - parametric model similar to kernel density estimators . we show that under mild conditions , the resulting model uses only the suffici ←
→ a invertible dimension reduction of curves on a manifold ; in this paper , we propose a novel lower dimensional representation of a shape sequence . the proposed dimension reduction is invertible and computationally more efficient in comparison to other related works . theoretically , the differential geometry tools such as moving frame and parallel transportation are successfully adapted into the dimension reduction problem of high dimensional curves . intuitively , instead of searching for a global flat subspac ←
→ learning to make predictions on graphs with autoencoders ; we examine two fundamental tasks associated with graph representation learning : link prediction and semi - supervised node classification . we present a densely connected autoencoder architecture capable of learning a joint representation of both local graph structure and available external node features for the multi - task learning of link prediction and node classification . to the best of our knowledge , this is the first architecture that can be effic ←
→ feature level clustering of large biometric database ; this paper proposes an efficient technique for partitioning large biometric database during identification . in this technique feature vector which comprises of global and local descriptors extracted from offline signature are used by fuzzy clustering technique to partition the database . as biometric features posses no natural order of sorting , thus it is difficult to index them alphabetically or numerically . hence , some supervised criteria is required t ←
→ estimating heterogeneous consumer preferences for restaurants and travel time using mobile location data ; this paper analyzes consumer choices over lunchtime restaurants using data from a sample of several thousand anonymous mobile phone users in the san francisco bay area . the data is used to identify users ' approximate typical morning location , as well as their choices of lunchtime restaurants . we build a model where restaurants have latent characteristics ( whose distribution may depend on restaurant o ←
→ robust 3d human motion reconstruction via dynamic template construction ; in multi - view human body capture systems , the recovered 3d geometry or even the acquired imagery data can be heavily corrupted due to occlusions , noise , limited field of - view , etc . direct estimation of 3d pose , body shape or motion on these low - quality data has been traditionally challenging . in this paper , we present a graph - based non - rigid shape registration framework that can simultaneously recover 3d human body geometry and estima ←
→ subject specific stream classification preprocessing algorithm for twitter data stream ; micro - blogging service twitter is a lucrative source for data mining applications on global sentiment . but due to the omnifariousness of the subjects mentioned in each data item ; it is inefficient to run a data mining algorithm on the raw data . this paper discusses an algorithm to accurately classify the entire stream in to a given number of mutually exclusive collectively exhaustive streams upon each of which the dat ←
→ modeling group dynamics using probabilistic tensor decompositions ; we propose a probabilistic modeling framework for learning the dynamic patterns in the collective behaviors of social agents and developing profiles for different behavioral groups , using data collected from multiple information sources . the proposed model is based on a hierarchical bayesian process , in which each observation is a finite mixture of an set of latent groups and the mixture proportions ( i . e ., group probabilities ) are drawn ran ←
→ stage 4 validation of the satellite image automatic mapper lightweight computer program for earth observation level 2 product generation , part 2 validation ; the european space agency ( esa ) defines an earth observation ( eo ) level 2 product as a multispectral ( ms ) image corrected for geometric , atmospheric , adjacency and topographic effects , stacked with its scene classification map ( scm ) whose legend includes quality layers such as cloud and cloud - shadow . no esa eo level 2 product has ever been systemat ←
→ the computational principles of learning ability ; it has been quite a long time since ai researchers in the field of computer science stop talking about simulating human intelligence or trying to explain how brain works . recently , represented by deep learning techniques , the field of machine learning is experiencing unprecedented prosperity and some applications with near human - level performance bring researchers confidence to imply that their approaches are the promising candidate for understanding the me ←
→ lifted inference for relational continuous models ; relational continuous models ( rcms ) represent joint probability densities over attributes of objects , when the attributes have continuous domains . with relational representations , they can model joint probability distributions over large numbers of variables compactly in a natural way . this paper presents a new exact lifted inference algorithm for rcms , thus it scales up to large models of real world applications . the algorithm applies to relational pairwi ←
→ discovery radiomics via stochasticnet sequencers for cancer detection ; radiomics has proven to be a powerful prognostic tool for cancer detection , and has previously been applied in lung , breast , prostate , and head - and - neck cancer studies with great success . however , these radiomics - driven methods rely on pre - defined , hand - crafted radiomic feature sets that can limit their ability to characterize unique cancer traits . in this study , we introduce a novel discovery radiomics framework where we directly disco ←
→ the macgyver test - a framework for evaluating machine resourcefulness and creative problem solving ; current measures of machine intelligence are either difficult to evaluate or lack the ability to test a robot ' s problem - solving capacity in open worlds . we propose a novel evaluation framework based on the formal notion of macgyver test which provides a practical way for assessing the resilience and resourcefulness of artificial agents .←
→ which clustering do you want ? inducing your ideal clustering with minimal feedback ; while traditional research on text clustering has largely focused on grouping documents by topic , it is conceivable that a user may want to cluster documents along other dimensions , such as the authors mood , gender , age , or sentiment . without knowing the users intention , a clustering algorithm will only group documents along the most prominent dimension , which may not be the one the user desires . to address the problem of ←
→ a double competitive strategy based learning automata algorithm ; learning automata ( la ) are considered as one of the most powerful tools in the field of reinforcement learning . the family of estimator algorithms is proposed to improve the convergence rate of la and has made great achievements . however , the estimators perform poorly on estimating the reward probabilities of actions in the initial stage of the learning process of la . in this situation , a lot of rewards would be added to the probabilities of ←
→ learning feed - forward one - shot learners ; one - shot learning is usually tackled by using generative models or discriminative embeddings . discriminative methods based on deep learning , which are very effective in other learning scenarios , are ill - suited for one - shot learning as they need large amounts of training data . in this paper , we propose a method to learn the parameters of a deep model in one shot . we construct the learner as a second deep network , called a learnet , which predicts the parameters of a p ←
→ developing a model for a text database indexed pedagogically for teaching the arabic language ; in this memory we made the design of an indexing model for arabic language and adapting standards for describing learning resources used ( the lom and their application profiles ) with learning conditions such as levels education of students , their levels of understanding ... the pedagogical context with taking into account the repre - sentative elements of the text , text ' s length ,... in particular , we highlight the s ←
→ shallow parsing pipeline for hindi - english code - mixed social media text ; in this study , the problem of shallow parsing of hindi - english code - mixed social media text ( csmt ) has been addressed . we have annotated the data , developed a language identifier , a normalizer , a part - of - speech tagger and a shallow parser . to the best of our knowledge , we are the first to attempt shallow parsing on csmt . the pipeline developed has been made available to the research community with the goal of enabling better text anal ←
→ further experimental evidence against the utility of occam ' s razor ; this paper presents new experimental evidence against the utility of occam ' s razor . a ~ systematic procedure is presented for post - processing decision trees produced by c4 . 5 . this procedure was derived by rejecting occam ' s razor and instead attending to the assumption that similar objects are likely to belong to the same class . it increases a decision tree ' s complexity without altering the performance of that tree on the training data from w ←
→ supervised learning of semantics - preserving hash via deep convolutional neural networks ; this paper presents a simple yet effective supervised deep hash approach that constructs binary hash codes from labeled data for large - scale image search . we assume that the semantic labels are governed by several latent attributes with each attribute on or off , and classification relies on these attributes . based on this assumption , our approach , dubbed supervised semantics - preserving deep hashing ( ssdh ), constructs ←
→ a light - powered , always - on , smart camera with compressed domain gesture detection ; in this paper we propose an energy - efficient camera - based gesture recognition system powered by light energy for " always on " applications . low energy consumption is achieved by directly extracting gesture features from the compressed measurements , which are the block averages and the linear combinations of the image sensor ' s pixel values . the gestures are recognized using a nearest - neighbour ( nn ) classifier followed by dyn ←
→ logic programming petri nets ; with the purpose of modeling , specifying and reasoning in an integrated fashion with procedural and declarative aspects ( both commonly present in cases or scenarios ), the paper introduces logic programming petri nets ( lppn ), an extension to the petri net notation providing an interface to logic programming constructs . two semantics are presented . first , a hybrid operational semantics that separates the process component , treated with petri nets , from the constraint / terminologi ←
→ function assistant : a tool for nl querying of apis ; in this paper , we describe function assistant , a lightweight python - based toolkit for querying and exploring source code repositories using natural language . the toolkit is designed to help end - users of a target api quickly find information about functions through high - level natural language queries and descriptions . for a given text query and background api , the tool finds candidate functions by performing a translation from the text to known representat ←
→ parallel mixed bayesian optimization algorithm : a scaleup analysis ; estimation of distribution algorithms have been proposed as a new paradigm for evolutionary optimization . this paper focuses on the parallelization of estimation of distribution algorithms . more specifically , the paper discusses how to predict performance of parallel mixed bayesian optimization algorithm ( mboa ) that is based on parallel construction of bayesian networks with decision trees . we determine the time complexity of parallel mixe ←
→ long - range trajectories from global and local motion representations ; motion is a fundamental cue for scene analysis and human activity understan - ding in videos . it can be encoded in trajectories for tracking objects and for action recognition , or in form of flow to address behaviour analysis in crowded scenes . each approach can only be applied on limited scenarios . we propose a motion - based system that represents the spatial and temporal features of the flow in terms of long - range trajectories . the novel ←
→ indoor scene understanding in 2 . 5 / 3d : a survey ; with the availability of low - cost and compact 2 . 5 / 3d visual sensing devices , computer vision community is experiencing a growing interest in visual scene understanding . this survey paper provides a comprehensive background to this research topic . we begin with a historical perspective , followed by popular 3d data representations and a comparative analysis of available datasets . before delving into the application specific details , this survey provides a succi ←
→ from data topology to a modular classifier ; this article describes an approach to designing a distributed and modular neural classifier . this approach introduces a new hierarchical clustering that enables one to determine reliable regions in the representation space by exploiting supervised information . a multilayer perceptron is then associated with each of these detected clusters and charged with recognizing elements of the associated cluster while rejecting all others . the obtained global classifier is ←
→ trend filtering on graphs ; we introduce a family of adaptive estimators on graphs , based on penalizing the $\ ell_1 $ norm of discrete graph differences . this generalizes the idea of trend filtering [ kim et al . ( 2009 ), tibshirani ( 2014 )], used for univariate nonparametric regression , to graphs . analogous to the univariate case , graph trend filtering exhibits a level of local adaptivity unmatched by the usual $\ ell_2 $- based graph smoothers . it is also defined by a convex minimization problem that is readily s ←
→ nearly instance optimal sample complexity bounds for top - k arm selection ; in the best -$ k $- arm problem , we are given $ n $ stochastic bandit arms , each associated with an unknown reward distribution . we are required to identify the $ k $ arms with the largest means by taking as few samples as possible . in this paper , we make progress towards a complete characterization of the instance - wise sample complexity bounds for the best -$ k $- arm problem . on the lower bound side , we obtain a novel complexity term to measur ←
→ reconciling lambek ' s restriction , cut - elimination , and substitution in the presence of exponential modalities ; the lambek calculus can be considered as a version of non - commutative intuitionistic linear logic . one of the interesting features of the lambek calculus is the so - called " lambek ' s restriction ," that is , the antecedent of any provable sequent should be non - empty . in this paper we discuss ways of extending the lambek calculus with the linear logic exponential modality while keeping lambek ' s restr ←
→ convergence of discrete mdl for sequential prediction ; we study the properties of the minimum description length principle for sequence prediction , considering a two - part mdl estimator which is chosen from a countable class of models . this applies in particular to the important case of universal sequence prediction , where the model class corresponds to all algorithms for some fixed universal turing machine ( this correspondence is by enumerable semimeasures , hence the resulting models are stochastic ). we pr ←
→ communication - avoiding optimization methods for massive - scale graphical model structure learning ; undirected graphical models compactly represent the structure of large , high - dimensional data sets , which are especially important in interpreting complex scientific data . some data sets may run to multiple terabytes , and current methods are intractable in both memory size and running time . we introduce hp - concord , a highly scalable optimization algorithm to estimate a sparse inverse covariance matrix based ←
→ robust multimodal graph matching : sparse coding meets graph matching ; graph matching is a challenging problem with very important applications in a wide range of fields , from image and video analysis to biological and biomedical problems . we propose a robust graph matching algorithm inspired in sparsity - related techniques . we cast the problem , resembling group or collaborative sparsity formulations , as a non - smooth convex optimization problem that can be efficiently solved using augmented lagrangian techni ←
→ using existing systems to supplement small amounts of annotated grammatical relations training data ; grammatical relationships ( grs ) form an important level of natural language processing , but different sets of grs are useful for different purposes . therefore , one may often only have time to obtain a small training corpus with the desired gr annotations . to boost the performance from using such a small training corpus on a transformation rule learner , we use existing systems that find related types of an ←
→ the difficulties of learning logic programs with cut ; as real logic programmers normally use cut (!), an effective learning procedure for logic programs should be able to deal with it . because the cut predicate has only a procedural meaning , clauses containing cut cannot be learned using an extensional evaluation method , as is done in most learning systems . on the other hand , searching a space of possible programs ( instead of a space of independent clauses ) is unfeasible . an alternative solution is to gene ←
→ n - gcn : multi - scale graph convolution for semi - supervised node classification ; graph convolutional networks ( gcns ) have shown significant improvements in semi - supervised learning on graph - structured data . concurrently , unsupervised learning of graph embeddings has benefited from the information contained in random walks . in this paper , we propose a model : network of gcns ( n - gcn ), which marries these two lines of work . at its core , n - gcn trains multiple instances of gcns over node pairs discovered at diffe ←
→ neural turing machines : convergence of copy tasks ; the architecture of neural turing machines is differentiable end to end and is trainable with gradient descent methods . due to their large unfolded depth neural turing machines are hard to train and because of their linear access of complete memory they do not scale . other architectures have been studied to overcome these difficulties . in this report we focus on improving the quality of prediction of the original linear memory architecture on copy and repe ←
→ statistical region - based active contours with exponential family observations ; in this paper , we focus on statistical region - based active contour models where image features ( e . g . intensity ) are random variables whose distribution belongs to some parametric family ( e . g . exponential ) rather than confining ourselves to the special gaussian case . using shape derivation tools , our effort focuses on constructing a general expression for the derivative of the energy ( with respect to a domain ) and derive the co ←
→ dynamic decision support system based on bayesian networks application to fight against the nosocomial infections ; the improvement of medical care quality is a significant interest for the future years . the fight against nosocomial infections ( ni ) in the intensive care units ( icu ) is a good example . we will focus on a set of observations which reflect the dynamic aspect of the decision , result of the application of a medical decision support system ( mdss ). this system has to make dynamic decision on temp ←
→ cadre modeling : simultaneously discovering subpopulations and predictive models ; we consider the problem in regression analysis of identifying subpopulations that exhibit different patterns of response , where each subpopulation requires a different underlying model . unlike statistical cohorts , these subpopulations are not known a priori ; thus , we refer to them as cadres . when the cadres and their associated models are interpretable , modeling leads to insights about the subpopulations and their associatio ←
→ mapping between fmri responses to movies and their natural language annotations ; several research groups have shown how to correlate fmri responses to the meanings of presented stimuli . this paper presents new methods for doing so when only a natural language annotation is available as the description of the stimulus . we study fmri data gathered from subjects watching an episode of bbcs sherlock [ 1 ], and learn bidirectional mappings between fmri responses and natural language representations . we show how ←
→ nominal association vector and matrix ; when response variables are nominal and populations are cross - classified with respect to multiple polytomies , questions often arise about the degree of association of the responses with explanatory variables . when populations are known , we introduce a nominal association vector and matrix to evaluate the dependence of a response variable with an explanatory variable . these measures provide detailed evaluations of nominal associations at both local and global levels . w ←
→ dynamic model of facial expression recognition based on eigen - face approach ; emotions are best way of communicating information ; and sometimes it carry more information than words . recently , there has been a huge interest in automatic recognition of human emotion because of its wide spread application in security , surveillance , marketing , advertisement , and human - computer interaction . to communicate with a computer in a natural way , it will be desirable to use more natural modes of human communication ba ←
→ segan : segmenting and generating the invisible ; objects often occlude each other in scenes ; inferring their appearance beyond their visible parts plays an important role in scene understanding , depth estimation , object interaction and manipulation . in this paper , we study the challenging problem of completing the appearance of occluded objects . doing so requires knowing which pixels to paint ( segmenting the invisible parts of objects ) and what color to paint them ( generating the invisible parts ). our propo ←
→ structured production system ( extended abstract ) ; in this extended abstract , we propose structured production systems ( sps ), which extend traditional production systems with well - formed syntactic structures . due to the richness of structures , structured production systems significantly enhance the expressive power as well as the flexibility of production systems , for instance , to handle uncertainty . we show that different rule application strategies can be reduced into the basic one by utilizing structures ←
→ a compact , hierarchical q - function decomposition ; previous work in hierarchical reinforcement learning has faced a dilemma : either ignore the values of different possible exit states from a subroutine , thereby risking suboptimal behavior , or represent those values explicitly thereby incurring a possibly large representation cost because exit values refer to nonlocal aspects of the world ( i . e ., all subsequent rewards ). this paper shows that , in many cases , one can avoid both of these problems . the solution ←
→ learning social affordance grammar from videos : transferring human interactions to human - robot interactions ; in this paper , we present a general framework for learning social affordance grammar as a spatiotemporal and - or graph ( st - aog ) from rgb - d videos of human interactions , and transfer the grammar to humanoids to enable a real - time motion inference for human - robot interaction ( hri ). based on gibbs sampling , our weakly supervised grammar learning can automatically construct a hierarchical representatio ←
→ exploiting sentence and context representations in deep neural models for spoken language understanding ; this paper presents a deep learning architecture for the semantic decoder component of a statistical spoken dialogue system . in a slot - filling dialogue , the semantic decoder predicts the dialogue act and a set of slot - value pairs from a set of n - best hypotheses returned by the automatic speech recognition . most current models for spoken language understanding assume ( i ) word - aligned semantic annotatio ←
→ learning word representations with hierarchical sparse coding ; we propose a new method for learning word representations using hierarchical regularization in sparse coding inspired by the linguistic study of word meanings . we show an efficient learning algorithm based on stochastic proximal methods that is significantly faster than previous approaches , making it possible to perform hierarchical sparse coding on a corpus of billions of word tokens . experiments on various benchmark tasks --- word similarity ra ←
→ the detector principle of constructing artificial neural networks as an alternative to the connectionist paradigm ; artificial neural networks ( ann ) are inadequate to biological neural networks . this inadequacy is manifested in the use of the obsolete model of the neuron and the connectionist paradigm of constructing ann . the result of this inadequacy is the existence of many shortcomings of the ann and the problems of their practical implementation . the alternative principle of ann construction is propos ←
→ pano2cad : room layout from a single panorama image ; this paper presents a method of estimating the geometry of a room and the 3d pose of objects from a single 360 - degree panorama image . assuming manhattan world geometry , we formulate the task as a bayesian inference problem in which we estimate positions and orientations of walls and objects . the method combines surface normal estimation , 2d object detection and 3d object pose estimation . quantitative results are presented on a dataset of synthetically gen ←
→ towards a quality metric for dense light fields ; light fields become a popular representation of three dimensional scenes , and there is interest in their processing , resampling , and compression . as those operations often result in loss of quality , there is a need to quantify it . in this work , we collect a new dataset of dense reference and distorted light fields as well as the corresponding quality scores which are scaled in perceptual units . the scores were acquired in a subjective experiment using an int ←
→ automatic ground truths : projected image annotations for omnidirectional vision ; we present a novel data set made up of omnidirectional video of multiple objects whose centroid positions are annotated automatically . omnidirectional vision is an active field of research focused on the use of spherical imagery in video analysis and scene understanding , involving tasks such as object detection , tracking and recognition . our goal is to provide a large and consistently annotated video data set that can be use ←
→ scalability and optimization strategies for gpu enhanced neural networks ( genn ) ; simulation of spiking neural networks has been traditionally done on high - performance supercomputers or large - scale clusters . utilizing the parallel nature of neural network computation algorithms , genn ( gpu enhanced neural network ) provides a simulation environment that performs on general purpose nvidia gpus with a code generation based approach . genn allows the users to design and simulate neural networks by specifying th ←
→ cost - minimising strategies for data labelling : optimal stopping and active learning ; supervised learning deals with the inference of a distribution over an output or label space $\ cy $ conditioned on points in an observation space $\ cx $, given a training dataset $ d $ of pairs in $\ cx \ times \ cy $. however , in a lot of applications of interest , acquisition of large amounts of observations is easy , while the process of generating labels is time - consuming or costly . one way to deal with this problem is {\ em a ←
→ neurosvm : a graphical user interface for identification of liver patients ; diagnosis of liver infection at preliminary stage is important for better treatment . in todays scenario devices like sensors are used for detection of infections . accurate classification techniques are required for automatic identification of disease samples . in this context , this study utilizes data mining approaches for classification of liver patients from healthy individuals . four algorithms ( naive bayes , bagging , random fores ←
→ graph - based denoising for time - varying point clouds ; noisy 3d point clouds arise in many applications . they may be due to errors when constructing a 3d model from images or simply to imprecise depth sensors . point clouds can be given geometrical structure using graphs created from the similarity information between points . this paper introduces a technique that uses this graph structure and convex optimization methods to denoise 3d point clouds . a short discussion presents how those methods naturally gener ←
→ principal differences analysis : interpretable characterization of differences between distributions ; we introduce principal differences analysis ( pda ) for analyzing differences between high - dimensional distributions . the method operates by finding the projection that maximizes the wasserstein divergence between the resulting univariate populations . relying on the cramer - wold device , it requires no assumptions about the form of the underlying distributions , nor the nature of their inter - class differences .←
→ query2vec : an evaluation of nlp techniques for generalized workload analytics ; we consider methods for learning vector representations of sql queries to support generalized workload analytics tasks , including workload summarization for index selection and predicting queries that will trigger memory errors . we consider vector representations of both raw sql text and optimized query plans , and evaluate these methods on synthetic and real sql workloads . we find that general algorithms based on vector repres ←
→ registration and fusion of multi - spectral images using a novel edge descriptor ; in this paper we introduce a fully end - to - end approach for multi - spectral image registration and fusion . our method for fusion combines images from different spectral channels into a single fused image by different approaches for low and high frequency signals . a prerequisite of fusion is a stage of geometric alignment between the spectral bands , commonly referred to as registration . unfortunately , common methods for image re ←
→ competitive machine learning : best theoretical prediction vs optimization ; machine learning is often used in competitive scenarios : participants learn and fit static models , and those models compete in a shared platform . the common assumption is that in order to win a competition one has to have the best predictive model , i . e ., the model with the smallest out - sample error . is that necessarily true ? does the best theoretical predictive model for a target always yield the best reward in a competition ? if n ←
→ vision - based assessment of parkinsonism and levodopa - induced dyskinesia with deep learning pose estimation ; objective : to apply deep learning pose estimation algorithms for vision - based assessment of parkinsonism and levodopa - induced dyskinesia ( lid ). methods : nine participants with parkinson ' s disease ( pd ) and lid completed a levodopa infusion protocol , where symptoms were assessed at regular intervals using the unified dyskinesia rating scale ( udysrs ) and unified parkinson ' s disease rating scale ( updrs ←
→ generalized deep image to image regression ; we present a deep convolutional neural network architecture which serves as a generic image - to - image regressor that can be trained end - to - end without any further machinery . our proposed architecture : the recursively branched deconvolutional network ( rbdn ) develops a cheap multi - context image representation very early on using an efficient recursive branching scheme with extensive parameter sharing and learnable upsampling . this multi - context representation is sub ←
→ large - scale evolution of image classifiers ; neural networks have proven effective at solving difficult problems but designing their architectures can be challenging , even for image classification problems alone . our goal is to minimize human participation , so we employ evolutionary algorithms to discover such networks automatically . despite significant computational requirements , we show that it is now possible to evolve models with accuracies within the range of those published in the last year . specifica ←
→ acquisition of translation lexicons for historically unwritten languages via bridging loanwords ; with the advent of informal electronic communications such as social media , colloquial languages that were historically unwritten are being written for the first time in heavily code - switched environments . we present a method for inducing portions of translation lexicons through the use of expert knowledge in these settings where there are approximately zero resources available other than a language informant ←
→ implicit regularization in nonconvex statistical estimation : gradient descent converges linearly for phase retrieval , matrix completion and blind deconvolution ; recent years have seen a flurry of activities in designing provably efficient nonconvex procedures for solving statistical estimation problems . due to the highly nonconvex nature of the empirical loss , state - of - the - art procedures often require proper regularization ( e . g . trimming , regularized cost , projection ) in order to guarantee fast converg ←
→ improving video generation for multi - functional applications ; in this paper , we aim to improve the state - of - the - art video generative adversarial networks ( gans ) with a view towards multi - functional applications . our improved video gan model does not separate foreground from background nor dynamic from static patterns , but learns to generate the entire video clip conjointly . our model can thus be trained to generate - and learn from - a broad set of videos with no restriction . this is achieved by designing ←
→ keyboard based control of four dimensional rotations ; aiming at applications to the scientific visualization of three dimensional simulations with time evolution , a keyboard based control method to specify rotations in four dimensions is proposed . it is known that four dimensional rotations are generally so - called double rotations , and a double rotation is a combination of simultaneously applied two simple rotations . the proposed method can specify both the simple and double rotations by single key typings ←
→ variational bayesian inference with stochastic search ; mean - field variational inference is a method for approximate bayesian posterior inference . it approximates a full posterior distribution with a factorized set of distributions by maximizing a lower bound on the marginal likelihood . this requires the ability to integrate a sum of terms in the log joint likelihood using this factorized distribution . often not all integrals are in closed form , which is typically handled by using a lower bound . we present ←
→ guess who rated this movie : identifying users through subspace clustering ; it is often the case that , within an online recommender system , multiple users share a common account . can such shared accounts be identified solely on the basis of the user - provided ratings ? once a shared account is identified , can the different users sharing it be identified as well ? whenever such user identification is feasible , it opens the way to possible improvements in personalized recommendations , but also raises privacy ←
→ video analysis of " youtube funnies " to aid the study of human gait and falls - preliminary results and proof of concept ; because falls are funny , youtube and other video sharing sites contain a large repository of real - life falls . we propose extracting gait and balance information from these videos to help us better understand some of the factors that contribute to falls . proof - of - concept is explored in a single video containing multiple ( n = 14 ) falls / non - falls in the presence of an unexpected obstacle . t ←
→ the kinetics human action video dataset ; we describe the deepmind kinetics human action video dataset . the dataset contains 400 human action classes , with at least 400 video clips for each action . each clip lasts around 10s and is taken from a different youtube video . the actions are human focussed and cover a broad range of classes including human - object interactions such as playing instruments , as well as human - human interactions such as shaking hands . we describe the statistics of the dataset , how it wa ←
→ open system categorical quantum semantics in natural language processing ; originally inspired by categorical quantum mechanics ( abramsky and coecke , lics ' 04 ), the categorical compositional distributional model of natural language meaning of coecke , sadrzadeh and clark provides a conceptually motivated procedure to compute the meaning of a sentence , given its grammatical structure within a lambek pregroup and a vectorial representation of the meaning of its parts . the predictions of this first model have ou ←
→ non - trivial two - armed partial - monitoring games are bandits ; we consider online learning in partial - monitoring games against an oblivious adversary . we show that when the number of actions available to the learner is two and the game is nontrivial then it is reducible to a bandit - like game and thus the minimax regret is $\ theta (\ sqrt { t })$.←
→ the interplay of semantics and morphology in word embeddings ; we explore the ability of word embeddings to capture both semantic and morphological similarity , as affected by the different types of linguistic properties ( surface form , lemma , morphological tag ) used to compose the representation of each word . we train several models , where each uses a different subset of these properties to compose its representations . by evaluating the models on semantic and morphological measures , we reveal some useful ins ←
→ transductive multi - class and multi - label zero - shot learning ; recently , zero - shot learning ( zsl ) has received increasing interest . the key idea underpinning existing zsl approaches is to exploit knowledge transfer via an intermediate - level semantic representation which is assumed to be shared between the auxiliary and target datasets , and is used to bridge between these domains for knowledge transfer . the semantic representation used in existing approaches varies from visual attributes to semantic word vect ←
→ reconstructing native language typology from foreign language usage ; linguists and psychologists have long been studying cross - linguistic transfer , the influence of native language properties on linguistic performance in a foreign language . in this work we provide empirical evidence for this process in the form of a strong correlation between language similarities derived from structural features in english as second language ( esl ) texts and equivalent similarities obtained from the typological features of ←
→ the application of two - level attention models in deep convolutional neural network for fine - grained image classification ; fine - grained classification is challenging because categories can only be discriminated by subtle and local differences . variances in the pose , scale or rotation usually make the problem more difficult . most fine - grained classification systems follow the pipeline of finding foreground object or object parts ( where ) to extract discriminative features ( what ). in this paper , we propose ←
→ adversarial generalized method of moments ; we provide an approach for learning deep neural net representations of models described via conditional moment restrictions . conditional moment restrictions are widely used , as they are the language by which social scientists describe the assumptions they make to enable causal inference . we formulate the problem of estimating the underling model as a zero - sum game between a modeler and an adversary and apply adversarial training . our approach is similar in nature ←
→ communicative capital for prosthetic agents ; this work presents an overarching perspective on the role that machine intelligence can play in enhancing human abilities , especially those that have been diminished due to injury or illness . as a primary contribution , we develop the hypothesis that assistive devices , and specifically artificial arms and hands , can and should be viewed as agents in order for us to most effectively improve their collaboration with their human users . we believe that increased agen ←
→ embedded line scan image sensors : the low cost alternative for high speed imaging ; in this paper we propose a low - cost high - speed imaging line scan system . we replace an expensive industrial line scan camera and illumination with a custom - built set - up of cheap off - the - shelf components , yielding a measurement system with comparative quality while costing about 20 times less . we use a low - cost linear ( 1d ) image sensor , cheap optics including a led - based or laser - based lighting and an embedded platform to p ←
→ deep learning evaluation using deep linguistic processing ; we discuss problems with the standard approaches to evaluation for tasks like visual question answering , and argue that artificial data can be used to address these as a complement to current practice . we demonstrate that with the help of existing ' deep ' linguistic processing technology we are able to create challenging abstract datasets , which enable us to investigate the language understanding abilities of multimodal deep learning models in detai ←
→ on generalized rectangular fuzzy model for assessment ; the article is dedicated to the analysis of the existing models for assessment based of the fuzzy logic centroid technique . a new generalized rectangular model were developed . some generalizations of the existing models are offered .←
→ learning detailed face reconstruction from a single image ; reconstructing the detailed geometric structure of a face from a given image is a key to many computer vision and graphics applications , such as motion capture and reenactment . the reconstruction task is challenging as human faces vary extensively when considering expressions , poses , textures , and intrinsic geometries . while many approaches tackle this complexity by using additional data to reconstruct the face of a single subject , extracting facia ←
→ character sequence models for colorfulwords ; we present a neural network architecture to predict a point in color space from the sequence of characters in the color ' s name . using large scale color -- name pairs obtained from an online color design forum , we evaluate our model on a " color turing test " and find that , given a name , the colors predicted by our model are preferred by annotators to color names created by humans . our datasets and demo system are available online at colorlab . us .←
→ positive factor networks : a graphical framework for modeling non - negative sequential data ; we present a novel graphical framework for modeling non - negative sequential data with hierarchical structure . our model corresponds to a network of coupled non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) modules , which we refer to as a positive factor network ( pfn ). the data model is linear , subject to non - negativity constraints , so that observation data consisting of an additive combination of individually representable o ←
→ optimizing an organized modularity measure for topographic graph clustering : a deterministic annealing approach ; this paper proposes an organized generalization of newman and girvan ' s modularity measure for graph clustering . optimized via a deterministic annealing scheme , this measure produces topologically ordered graph clusterings that lead to faithful and readable graph representations based on clustering induced graphs . topographic graph clustering provides an alternative to more classical solutions ←
→ comprehend deepwalk as matrix factorization ; word2vec , as an efficient tool for learning vector representation of words has shown its effectiveness in many natural language processing tasks . mikolov et al . issued skip - gram and negative sampling model for developing this toolbox . perozzi et al . introduced the skip - gram model into the study of social network for the first time , and designed an algorithm named deepwalk for learning node embedding on a graph . we prove that the deepwalk algorithm is actually fa ←
→ towards an automated requirements - driven development of smart cyber - physical systems ; the invariant refinement method for self adaptation ( irm - sa ) is a design method targeting development of smart cyber - physical systems ( scps ). it allows for a systematic translation of the system requirements into the system architecture expressed as an ensemble - based component system ( ebcs ). however , since the requirements are captured using natural language , there exists the danger of their misinterpretation due to nat ←
→ multi - fidelity gaussian process bandit optimisation ; in many scientific and engineering applications , we are tasked with the optimisation of an expensive to evaluate black box function $ f $. traditional settings for this problem assume just the availability of this single function . however , in many cases , cheap approximations to $ f $ may be obtainable . for example , the expensive real world behaviour of a robot can be approximated by a cheap computer simulation . we can use these approximations to eliminate lo ←
→ a regularization approach for prediction of edges and node features in dynamic graphs ; we consider the two problems of predicting links in a dynamic graph sequence and predicting functions defined at each node of the graph . in many applications , the solution of one problem is useful for solving the other . indeed , if these functions reflect node features , then they are related through the graph structure . in this paper , we formulate a hybrid approach that simultaneously learns the structure of the graph a ←
→ implementing spectral methods for hidden markov models with real - valued emissions ; hidden markov models ( hmms ) are widely used statistical models for modeling sequential data . the parameter estimation for hmms from time series data is an important learning problem . the predominant methods for parameter estimation are based on local search heuristics , most notably the expectation - maximization ( em ) algorithm . these methods are prone to local optima and oftentimes suffer from high computational and sample c ←
→ who ' s that actor ? automatic labelling of actors in tv series starting from imdb images ; in this work , we aim at automatically labeling actors in a tv series . rather than relying on transcripts and subtitles , as has been demonstrated in the past , we show how to achieve this goal starting from a set of example images of each of the main actors involved , collected from the internet movie database ( imdb ). the problem then becomes one of domain adaptation : actors ' imdb photos are typically taken at awards cer ←
→ what is the best practice for cnns applied to visual instance retrieval ? ; previous work has shown that feature maps of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) can be interpreted as feature representation of a particular image region . features aggregated from these feature maps have been exploited for image retrieval tasks and achieved state - of - the - art performances in recent years . the key to the success of such methods is the feature representation . however , the different factors that impact the effectiv ←
→ fcss : fully convolutional self - similarity for dense semantic correspondence ; we present a descriptor , called fully convolutional self - similarity ( fcss ), for dense semantic correspondence . to robustly match points among different instances within the same object class , we formulate fcss using local self - similarity ( lss ) within a fully convolutional network . in contrast to existing cnn - based descriptors , fcss is inherently insensitive to intra - class appearance variations because of its lss - based structure ,←
→ top -$ k $ ranking from pairwise comparisons : when spectral ranking is optimal ; we explore the top -$ k $ rank aggregation problem . suppose a collection of items is compared in pairs repeatedly , and we aim to recover a consistent ordering that focuses on the top -$ k $ ranked items based on partially revealed preference information . we investigate the bradley - terry - luce model in which one ranks items according to their perceived utilities modeled as noisy observations of their underlying true utilities . our main ←
→ classification of quantitative light - induced fluorescence images using convolutional neural network ; images are an important data source for diagnosis and treatment of oral diseases . the manual classification of images may lead to misdiagnosis or mistreatment due to subjective errors . in this paper an image classification model based on convolutional neural network is applied to quantitative light - induced fluorescence images . the deep neural network outperforms other state of the art shallow classificati ←
→ the information bottleneck em algorithm ; learning with hidden variables is a central challenge in probabilistic graphical models that has important implications for many real - life problems . the classical approach is using the expectation maximization ( em ) algorithm . this algorithm , however , can get trapped in local maxima . in this paper we explore a new approach that is based on the information bottleneck principle . in this approach , we view the learning problem as a tradeoff between two information theore ←
→ machine learning for partial identification : example of bracketed data ; partially identified models occur commonly in economic applications . a common problem in this literature is a regression problem with bracketed ( interval - censored ) outcome variable y , which creates a set - identified parameter of interest . the recent studies have only considered finite - dimensional linear regression in such context . to incorporate more complex controls into the problem , we consider a partially linear projection of y on th ←
→ neural networks in 3d medical scan visualization ; for medical volume visualization , one of the most important tasks is to reveal clinically relevant details from the 3d scan ( ct , mri ...), e . g . the coronary arteries , without obscuring them with less significant parts . these volume datasets contain different materials which are difficult to extract and visualize with 1d transfer functions based solely on the attenuation coefficient . multi - dimensional transfer functions allow a much more precise classificati ←
→ reasoning with memory augmented neural networks for language comprehension ; hypothesis testing is an important cognitive process that supports human reasoning . in this paper , we introduce a computational hypothesis testing approach based on memory augmented neural networks . our approach involves a hypothesis testing loop that reconsiders and progressively refines a previously formed hypothesis in order to generate new hypotheses to test . we apply the proposed approach to language comprehension task by us ←
→ discomax : a proximity - preserving distance correlation maximization algorithm ; in a regression setting we propose algorithms that reduce the dimensionality of the features while simultaneously maximizing a statistical measure of dependence known as distance correlation between the low - dimensional features and a response variable . this helps in solving the prediction problem with a low - dimensional set of features . our setting is different from subset - selection algorithms where the problem is to choose the ←
→ katyusha : the first direct acceleration of stochastic gradient methods ; nesterov ' s momentum trick is famously known for accelerating gradient descent , and has been proven useful in building fast iterative algorithms . however , in the stochastic setting , counterexamples exist and prevent nesterov ' s momentum from providing similar acceleration , even if the underlying problem is convex . we introduce $\ mathtt { katyusha }$, a direct , primal - only stochastic gradient method to fix this issue . it has a provably acc ←
→ constraint propagation with imprecise conditional probabilities ; an approach to reasoning with default rules where the proportion of exceptions , or more generally the probability of encountering an exception , can be at least roughly assessed is presented . it is based on local uncertainty propagation rules which provide the best bracketing of a conditional probability of interest from the knowledge of the bracketing of some other conditional probabilities . a procedure that uses two such propagation rules re ←
→ docemul : a toolkit to generate structured historical documents ; we propose a toolkit to generate structured synthetic documents emulating the actual document production process . synthetic documents can be used to train systems to perform document analysis tasks . in our case we address the record counting task on handwritten structured collections containing a limited number of examples . using the docemul toolkit we can generate a larger dataset to train a deep architecture to predict the number of records ←
→ co2 forest : improved random forest by continuous optimization of oblique splits ; we propose a novel algorithm for optimizing multivariate linear threshold functions as split functions of decision trees to create improved random forest classifiers . standard tree induction methods resort to sampling and exhaustive search to find good univariate split functions . in contrast , our method computes a linear combination of the features at each node , and optimizes the parameters of the linear combination ( oblique ←
→ building the information kernel and the problem of recognition ; at this point in time there is a need for a new representation of different information , to identify and organize descending its characteristics . today , science is a powerful tool for the description of reality - the numbers . why the most important property of numbers . suppose we have a number 0 . 2351734 , it is clear that the figures are there in order of importance . if necessary , we can round the number up to some value , eg 0 . 235 . arguably , th ←
→ using artificial intelligence models in system identification ; artificial intelligence ( ai ) techniques are known for its ability in tackling problems found to be unyielding to traditional mathematical methods . a recent addition to these techniques are the computational intelligence ( ci ) techniques which , in most cases , are nature or biologically inspired techniques . different ci techniques found their way to many control engineering applications , including system identification , and the results obtained by ←
→ dual learning for machine translation ; while neural machine translation ( nmt ) is making good progress in the past two years , tens of millions of bilingual sentence pairs are needed for its training . however , human labeling is very costly . to tackle this training data bottleneck , we develop a dual - learning mechanism , which can enable an nmt system to automatically learn from unlabeled data through a dual - learning game . this mechanism is inspired by the following observation : any machine translation task has ←
→ identifying cancer subtypes in glioblastoma by combining genomic , transcriptomic and epigenomic data ; we present a nonparametric bayesian method for disease subtype discovery in multi - dimensional cancer data . our method can simultaneously analyse a wide range of data types , allowing for both agreement and disagreement between their underlying clustering structure . it includes feature selection and infers the most likely number of disease subtypes , given the data . we apply the method to 277 glioblastoma ←
→ multi - stage neural networks with single - sided classifiers for false positive reduction and its evaluation using lung x - ray ct images ; lung nodule classification is a class imbalanced problem because nodules are found with much lower frequency than non - nodules . in the class imbalanced problem , conventional classifiers tend to be overwhelmed by the majority class and ignore the minority class . we therefore propose cascaded convolutional neural networks to cope with the class imbalanced problem . in the prop ←
→ feature selection via probabilistic outputs ; this paper investigates two feature - scoring criteria that make use of estimated class probabilities : one method proposed by \ citet { shen } and a complementary approach proposed below . we develop a theoretical framework to analyze each criterion and show that both estimate the spread ( across all values of a given feature ) of the probability that an example belongs to the positive class . based on our analysis , we predict when each scoring technique will be advantage ←
→ using hausdorff distance for new medical image annotation ; medical images annotation is most of the time a repetitive hard task . collecting old similar annotations and assigning them to new medical images may not only enhance the annotation process , but also reduce ambiguity caused by repetitive annotations . the goal of this work is to propose an approach based on hausdorff distance able to compute similarity between a new medical image and old stored images . user has to choose then one of the similar imag ←
→ fuzzy finite element model updating using metaheuristic optimization algorithms ; in this paper , a non - probabilistic method based on fuzzy logic is used to update finite element models ( fems ). model updating techniques use the measured data to improve the accuracy of numerical models of structures . however , the measured data are contaminated with experimental noise and the models are inaccurate due to randomness in the parameters . this kind of aleatory uncertainty is irreducible , and may decrease the accu ←
→ egocentric hand detection via dynamic region growing ; egocentric videos , which mainly record the activities carried out by the users of the wearable cameras , have drawn much research attentions in recent years . due to its lengthy content , a large number of ego - related applications have been developed to abstract the captured videos . as the users are accustomed to interacting with the target objects using their own hands while their hands usually appear within their visual fields during the interaction , an ←
→ brundlefly at semeval - 2016 task 12 : recurrent neural networks vs . joint inference for clinical temporal information extraction ; we submitted two systems to the semeval - 2016 task 12 : clinical tempeval challenge , participating in phase 1 , where we identified text spans of time and event expressions in clinical notes and phase 2 , where we predicted a relation between an event and its parent document creation time . for temporal entity extraction , we find that a joint inference - based approach using structur ←
→ am i done ? predicting action progress in videos ; in this paper we introduce the problem of predicting action progress in videos . we argue that this is an extremely important task because , on the one hand , it can be valuable for a wide range of applications and , on the other hand , it facilitates better action detection results . to solve this problem we introduce a novel approach , named progressnet , capable of predicting when an action takes place in a video , where it is located within the frames , and how fa ←
→ submodular meets structured : finding diverse subsets in exponentially - large structured item sets ; to cope with the high level of ambiguity faced in domains such as computer vision or natural language processing , robust prediction methods often search for a diverse set of high - quality candidate solutions or proposals . in structured prediction problems , this becomes a daunting task , as the solution space ( image labelings , sentence parses , etc .) is exponentially large . we study greedy algorithms for finding ←
→ randomized block coordinate descent for online and stochastic optimization ; two types of low cost - per - iteration gradient descent methods have been extensively studied in parallel . one is online or stochastic gradient descent ( ogd / sgd ), and the other is randomzied coordinate descent ( rbcd ). in this paper , we combine the two types of methods together and propose online randomized block coordinate descent ( orbcd ). at each iteration , orbcd only computes the partial gradient of one block coordinate of one min ←
→ rnn decoding of linear block codes ; designing a practical , low complexity , close to optimal , channel decoder for powerful algebraic codes with short to moderate block length is an open research problem . recently it has been shown that a feed - forward neural network architecture can improve on standard belief propagation decoding , despite the large example space . in this paper we introduce a recurrent neural network architecture for decoding linear block codes . our method shows comparable bit error rate resu ←
→ region detection in markov random fields : gaussian case ; in this work we consider the problem of model selection in gaussian markov fields in the sample deficient scenario . the benchmark information - theoretic results in the case of d - regular graphs require the number of samples to be at least proportional to the logarithm of the number of vertices to allow consistent graph recovery . when the number of samples is less than this amount , reliable detection of all edges is impossible . in many applications , it ←
→ technical report : a generalized matching pursuit approach for graph - structured sparsity ; sparsity - constrained optimization is an important and challenging problem that has wide applicability in data mining , machine learning , and statistics . in this paper , we focus on sparsity - constrained optimization in cases where the cost function is a general nonlinear function and , in particular , the sparsity constraint is defined by a graph - structured sparsity model . existing methods explore this problem in the cont ←
→ training cnns with low - rank filters for efficient image classification ; we propose a new method for creating computationally efficient convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) by using low - rank representations of convolutional filters . rather than approximating filters in previously - trained networks with more efficient versions , we learn a set of small basis filters from scratch ; during training , the network learns to combine these basis filters into more complex filters that are discriminative for image class ←
→ stochastic constraint programming as reinforcement learning ; stochastic constraint programming ( scp ) is an extension of constraint programming ( cp ) used for modelling and solving problems involving constraints and uncertainty . scp inherits excellent modelling abilities and filtering algorithms from cp , but so far it has not been applied to large problems . reinforcement learning ( rl ) extends dynamic programming to large stochastic problems , but is problem - specific and has no generic solvers . we propose a hy ←
→ nonlinear local metric learning for person re - identification ; person re - identification aims at matching pedestrians observed from non - overlapping camera views . feature descriptor and metric learning are two significant problems in person re - identification . a discriminative metric learning method should be capable of exploiting complex nonlinear transformations due to the large variations in feature space . in this paper , we propose a nonlinear local metric learning ( nlml ) method to improve the state - of - the -←
→ multi - objective deep reinforcement learning ; we propose deep optimistic linear support learning ( dol ) to solve high - dimensional multi - objective decision problems where the relative importances of the objectives are not known a priori . using features from the high - dimensional inputs , dol computes the convex coverage set containing all potential optimal solutions of the convex combinations of the objectives . to our knowledge , this is the first time that deep reinforcement learning has succeeded in learning m ←
→ rejoinder : latent variable graphical model selection via convex optimization ; rejoinder to " latent variable graphical model selection via convex optimization " by venkat chandrasekaran , pablo a . parrilo and alan s . willsky [ arxiv : 1008 . 1290 ].←
→ combinatorial multi - armed bandit and its extension to probabilistically triggered arms ; we define a general framework for a large class of combinatorial multi - armed bandit ( cmab ) problems , where subsets of base arms with unknown distributions form super arms . in each round , a super arm is played and the base arms contained in the super arm are played and their outcomes are observed . we further consider the extension in which more based arms could be probabilistically triggered based on the outcomes of al ←
→ jointly clustering rows and columns of binary matrices : algorithms and trade - offs ; in standard clustering problems , data points are represented by vectors , and by stacking them together , one forms a data matrix with row or column cluster structure . in this paper , we consider a class of binary matrices , arising in many applications , which exhibit both row and column cluster structure , and our goal is to exactly recover the underlying row and column clusters by observing only a small fraction of noisy entr ←
→ topic browsing for research papers with hierarchical latent tree analysis ; academic researchers often need to face with a large collection of research papers in the literature . this problem may be even worse for postgraduate students who are new to a field and may not know where to start . to address this problem , we have developed an online catalog of research papers where the papers have been automatically categorized by a topic model . the catalog contains 7719 papers from the proceedings of two artific ←
→ unsupervised basis function adaptation for reinforcement learning ; when using reinforcement learning ( rl ) algorithms to evaluate a policy it is common , given a large state space , to introduce some form of approximation architecture for the value function ( vf ). the exact form of this architecture can have a significant effect on the accuracy of the vf estimate , however , and determining a suitable approximation architecture can often be a highly complex task . consequently there is a large amount of interest ←
→ word - alignment - based segment - level machine translation evaluation using word embeddings ; one of the most important problems in machine translation ( mt ) evaluation is to evaluate the similarity between translation hypotheses with different surface forms from the reference , especially at the segment level . we propose to use word embeddings to perform word alignment for segment - level mt evaluation . we performed experiments with three types of alignment methods using word embeddings . we evaluated our propose ←
→ towards an intelligent system for risk prevention and management ; making a decision in a changeable and dynamic environment is an arduous task owing to the lack of information , their uncertainties and the unawareness of planners about the future evolution of incidents . the use of a decision support system is an efficient solution of this issue . such a system can help emergency planners and responders to detect possible emergencies , as well as to suggest and evaluate possible courses of action to deal with ←
→ modeling ambiguity in a multi - agent system ; this paper investigates the formal pragmatics of ambiguous expressions by modeling ambiguity in a multi - agent system . such a framework allows us to give a more refined notion of the kind of information that is conveyed by ambiguous expressions . we analyze how ambiguity affects the knowledge of the dialog participants and , especially , what they know about each other after an ambiguous sentence has been uttered . the agents communicate with each other by means of a ←
→ deep learning architectures for face recognition in video surveillance ; face recognition ( fr ) systems for video surveillance ( vs ) applications attempt to accurately detect the presence of target individuals over a distributed network of cameras . in video - based fr systems , facial models of target individuals are designed a priori during enrollment using a limited number of reference still images or video data . these facial models are not typically representative of faces being observed during operations due ←
→ object - oriented neural programming ( oonp ) for document understanding ; we propose object - oriented neural programming ( oonp ), a framework for semantically parsing documents in specific domains . basically , oonp reads a document and parses it into a predesigned object - oriented data structure ( referred to as ontology in this paper ) that reflects the domain - specific semantics of the document . an oonp parser models semantic parsing as a decision process : a neural net - based reader sequentially goes through the doc ←
→ testing and debugging techniques for answer set solver development ; this paper develops automated testing and debugging techniques for answer set solver development . we describe a flexible grammar - based black - box asp fuzz testing tool which is able to reveal various defects such as unsound and incomplete behavior , i . e . invalid answer sets and inability to find existing solutions , in state - of - the - art answer set solver implementations . moreover , we develop delta debugging techniques for shrinking failure - ind ←
→ using domain knowledge in evolutionary system identification ; two example of evolutionary system identification are presented to highlight the importance of incorporating domain knowledge : the discovery of an analytical indentation law in structural mechanics using constrained genetic programming , and the identification of the repartition of underground velocities in seismic prospection . critical issues for sucessful esi are discussed in the light of these results .←
→ genetic algorithms for multiple objective vehicle routing ; the talk describes a general approach of a genetic algorithm for multiple objective optimization problems . a particular dominance relation between the individuals of the population is used to define a fitness operator , enabling the genetic algorithm to adress even problems with efficient , but convex - dominated alternatives . the algorithm is implemented in a multilingual computer program , solving vehicle routing problems with time windows under multi ←
→ comparison - based learning with rank nets ; we consider the problem of search through comparisons , where a user is presented with two candidate objects and reveals which is closer to her intended target . we study adaptive strategies for finding the target , that require knowledge of rank relationships but not actual distances between objects . we propose a new strategy based on rank nets , and show that for target distributions with a bounded doubling constant , it finds the target in a number of comparisons clo ←
→ domain adaptation from synthesis to reality in single - model detector for video smoke detection ; this paper proposes a method for video smoke detection using synthetic smoke samples . the virtual data can automatically offer precise and rich annotated samples . however , the learning of smoke representations will be hurt by the appearance gap between real and synthetic smoke samples . the existed researches mainly work on the adaptation to samples extracted from original annotated samples . these methods take ←
→ dictionary - based concept mining : an application for turkish ; in this study , a dictionary - based method is used to extract expressive concepts from documents . so far , there have been many studies concerning concept mining in english , but this area of study for turkish , an agglutinative language , is still immature . we used dictionary instead of wordnet , a lexical database grouping words into synsets that is widely used for concept extraction . the dictionaries are rarely used in the domain of concept mining , b ←
→ towards direct medical image analysis without segmentation ; direct methods have recently emerged as an effective and efficient tool in automated medical image analysis and become a trend to solve diverse challenging tasks in clinical practise . compared to traditional methods , direct methods are of much more clinical significance by straightly targeting to the final clinical goal rather than relying on any intermediate steps . these intermediate steps , e . g ., segmentation , registration and tracking , are actua ←
→ video denoising and enhancement via dynamic video layering ; video denoising refers to the problem of removing " noise " from a video sequence . here the term " noise " is used in a broad sense to refer to any corruption or outlier or interference that is not the quantity of interest . in this work , we develop a novel approach to video denoising that is based on the idea that many noisy or corrupted videos can be split into three parts - the " low - rank layer ", the " sparse layer ", and a small residual ( which is sma ←
→ fractal dimension pattern based multiresolution analysis for rough estimator of person - dependent audio emotion recognition ; as a general means of expression , audio analysis and recognition has attracted much attentions for its wide applications in real - life world . audio emotion recognition ( aer ) attempts to understand emotional states of human with the given utterance signals , and has been studied abroad for its further development on friendly human - machine interfaces . distinguish from other existing wor ←
→ decentralized markets versus central control : a comparative study ; multi - agent systems ( mas ) promise to offer solutions to problems where established , older paradigms fall short . in order to validate such claims that are repeatedly made in software agent publications , empirical in - depth studies of advantages and weaknesses of multi - agent solutions versus conventional ones in practical applications are needed . climate control in large buildings is one application area where multi - agent systems , and market - o ←
→ algorithm runtime prediction : methods & evaluation ; perhaps surprisingly , it is possible to predict how long an algorithm will take to run on a previously unseen input , using machine learning techniques to build a model of the algorithm ' s runtime as a function of problem - specific instance features . such models have important applications to algorithm analysis , portfolio - based algorithm selection , and the automatic configuration of parameterized algorithms . over the past decade , a wide variety of techniques ←
→ self - supervised visual planning with temporal skip connections ; in order to autonomously learn wide repertoires of complex skills , robots must be able to learn from their own autonomously collected data , without human supervision . one learning signal that is always available for autonomously collected data is prediction : if a robot can learn to predict the future , it can use this predictive model to take actions to produce desired outcomes , such as moving an object to a particular location . however , in com ←
→ employing fusion of learned and handcrafted features for unconstrained ear recognition ; we present an unconstrained ear recognition framework that outperforms state - of - the - art systems in different publicly available image databases . to this end , we developed cnn - based solutions for ear normalization and description , we used well - known handcrafted descriptors , and we fused learned and handcrafted features to improve recognition . we designed a two - stage landmark detector that successfully worked under untr ←
→ deephash : getting regularization , depth and fine - tuning right ; this work focuses on representing very high - dimensional global image descriptors using very compact 64 - 1024 bit binary hashes for instance retrieval . we propose deephash : a hashing scheme based on deep networks . key to making deephash work at extremely low bitrates are three important considerations -- regularization , depth and fine - tuning -- each requiring solutions specific to the hashing problem . in - depth evaluation shows that our scheme con ←
→ passive classification of source printer using text - line - level geometric distortion signatures from scanned images of printed documents ; in this digital era , one thing that still holds the convention is a printed archive . printed documents find their use in many critical domains such as contract papers , legal tenders and proof of identity documents . as more advanced printing , scanning and image editing techniques are becoming available , forgeries on these legal tenders pose a serious threat . ability to e ←
→ context - aware stacked convolutional neural networks for classification of breast carcinomas in whole - slide histopathology images ; automated classification of histopathological whole - slide images ( wsi ) of breast tissue requires analysis at very high resolutions with a large contextual area . in this paper , we present context - aware stacked convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) for classification of breast wsis into normal / benign , ductal carcinoma in situ ( dcis ), and invasive ductal carcinoma ( idc ). we first t ←
→ principled graph matching algorithms for integrating multiple data sources ; this paper explores combinatorial optimization for problems of max - weight graph matching on multi - partite graphs , which arise in integrating multiple data sources . entity resolution - the data integration problem of performing noisy joins on structured data - typically proceeds by first hashing each record into zero or more blocks , scoring pairs of records that are co - blocked for similarity , and then matching pairs of sufficient simi ←
→ uncovering the dynamics of crowdlearning and the value of knowledge ; learning from the crowd has become increasingly popular in the web and social media . there is a wide variety of crowdlearning sites in which , on the one hand , users learn from the knowledge that other users contribute to the site , and , on the other hand , knowledge is reviewed and curated by the same users using assessment measures such as upvotes or likes . in this paper , we present a probabilistic modeling framework of crowdlearning , wh ←
→ enhance word representation for out - of - vocabulary on ubuntu dialogue corpus ; ubuntu dialogue corpus is the largest public available dialogue corpus to make it feasible to build end - to - end deep neural network models directly from the conversation data . one challenge of ubuntu dialogue corpus is the large number of out - of - vocabulary words . in this paper we proposed a method which combines the general pre - trained word embedding vectors with those generated on the task - specific training set to address this i ←
→ a characterization of the combined effects of overlap and imbalance on the svm classifier ; in this paper we demonstrate that two common problems in machine learning --- imbalanced and overlapping data distributions --- do not have independent effects on the performance of svm classifiers . this result is notable since it shows that a model of either of these factors must account for the presence of the other . our study of the relationship between these problems has lead to the discovery of a previously unrepo ←
→ a convnet for non - maximum suppression ; non - maximum suppression ( nms ) is used in virtually all state - of - the - art object detection pipelines . while essential object detection ingredients such as features , classifiers , and proposal methods have been extensively researched surprisingly little work has aimed to systematically address nms . the de - facto standard for nms is based on greedy clustering with a fixed distance threshold , which forces to trade - off recall versus precision . we propose a convnet designed to ←
→ arabic inquiry - answer dialogue acts annotation schema ; we present an annotation schema as part of an effort to create a manually annotated corpus for arabic dialogue language understanding including spoken dialogue and written " chat " dialogue for inquiry - answer domain . the proposed schema handles mainly the request and response acts that occurs frequently in inquiry - answer debate conversations expressing request services , suggests , and offers . we applied the proposed schema on 83 arabic inquiry - answer dial ←
→ the monkeytyping solution to the youtube - 8m video understanding challenge ; this article describes the final solution of team monkeytyping , who finished in second place in the youtube - 8m video understanding challenge . the dataset used in this challenge is a large - scale benchmark for multi - label video classification . we extend the work in [ 1 ] and propose several improvements for frame sequence modeling . we propose a network structure called chaining that can better capture the interactions between labels . ←
→ high dimensional spaces , deep learning and adversarial examples ; in this paper , we analyze deep learning from a mathematical point of view and derive several novel results . the results are based on intriguing mathematical properties of high dimensional spaces . we first look at perturbation based adversarial examples and show how they can be understood using topological arguments in high dimensions . we point out fallacy in an argument presented in a published paper in 2015 by goodfellow et al ., see referenc ←
→ lung cancer screening using adaptive memory - augmented recurrent networks ; in this paper , we investigate the effectiveness of deep learning techniques for lung nodule classification in computed tomography scans . using less than 10 , 000 training examples , our deep networks perform two times better than a standard radiology software . visualization of the networks ' neurons reveals semantically meaningful features that are consistent with the clinical knowledge and radiologists ' perception . our paper also propos ←
→ tail sensitivity analysis in bayesian networks ; the paper presents an efficient method for simulating the tails of a target variable z = h ( x ) which depends on a set of basic variables x =( x_1 , ..., x_n ). to this aim , variables x_i , i = 1 , ..., n are sequentially simulated in such a manner that z = h ( x_1 , ..., x_i - 1 , x_i , ..., x_n ) is guaranteed to be in the tail of z . when this method is difficult to apply , an alternative method is proposed , which leads to a low rejection proportion of sample values , when compare ←
→ image sampling with quasicrystals ; we investigate the use of quasicrystals in image sampling . quasicrystals produce space - filling , non - periodic point sets that are uniformly discrete and relatively dense , thereby ensuring the sample sites are evenly spread out throughout the sampled image . their self - similar structure can be attractive for creating sampling patterns endowed with a decorative symmetry . we present a brief general overview of the algebraic theory of cut - and - project quasicrystals based on the ←
→ multimodal generative models for scalable weakly - supervised learning ; multiple modalities often co - occur when describing natural phenomena . learning a joint representation of these modalities should yield deeper and more useful representations . previous work have proposed generative models to handle multi - modal input . however , these models either do not learn a joint distribution or require complex additional computations to handle missing data . here , we introduce a multimodal variational autoencoder that ←
→ splinecnn : fast geometric deep learning with continuous b - spline kernels ; we present spline - based convolutional neural networks ( splinecnns ), a variant of deep neural networks for irregular structured and geometric input , e . g ., graphs or meshes . our main contribution is a novel convolution operator based on b - splines , that makes the computation time independent from the kernel size due to the local support property of the b - spline basis functions . as a result , we obtain a generalization of the traditional ←
→ vers la reconnaissance de mini - messages manuscrits ; handwriting is an alternative method for entering texts which composed short message services . however , a whole new language features the texts which are produced . they include for instance abbreviations and other consonantal writing which sprung up for time saving and fashion . we have collected and processed a significant number of such handwritten sms , and used various strategies to tackle this challenging area of handwriting recognition . we proposed to ←
→ computation of stackelberg equilibria of finite sequential games ; the stackelberg equilibrium solution concept describes optimal strategies to commit to : player 1 ( termed the leader ) publicly commits to a strategy and player 2 ( termed the follower ) plays a best response to this strategy ( ties are broken in favor of the leader ). we study stackelberg equilibria in finite sequential games ( or extensive - form games ) and provide new exact algorithms , approximate algorithms , and hardness results for several class ←
→ improving feature selection algorithms using normalised feature histograms ; the proposed feature selection method builds a histogram of the most stable features from random subsets of a training set and ranks the features based on a classifier based cross - validation . this approach reduces the instability of features obtained by conventional feature selection methods that occur with variation in training data and selection criteria . classification results on four microarray and three image datasets using ←
→ texture segmentation with fully convolutional networks ; in the last decade , deep learning has contributed to advances in a wide range computer vision tasks including texture analysis . this paper explores a new approach for texture segmentation using deep convolutional neural networks , sharing important ideas with classic filter bank based texture segmentation methods . several methods are developed to train fully convolutional networks to segment textures in various applications . we show in particular that ←
→ multimodal meaning representation for generic dialogue systems architectures ; an unified language for the communicative acts between agents is essential for the design of multi - agents architectures . whatever the type of interaction ( linguistic , multimodal , including particular aspects such as force feedback ), whatever the type of application ( command dialogue , request dialogue , database querying ), the concepts are common and we need a generic meta - model . in order to tend towards task - independent systems ,←
→ multispectral image denoising with optimized vector non - local mean filter ; nowadays , many applications rely on images of high quality to ensure good performance in conducting their tasks . however , noise goes against this objective as it is an unavoidable issue in most applications . therefore , it is essential to develop techniques to attenuate the impact of noise , while maintaining the integrity of relevant information in images . we propose in this work to extend the application of the non - local means fil ←
→ memcomputing with membrane memcapacitive systems ; we show theoretically that networks of membrane memcapacitive systems -- capacitors with memory made out of membrane materials -- can be used to perform a complete set of logic gates in a massively parallel way by simply changing the external input amplitudes , but not the topology of the network . this polymorphism is an important characteristic of memcomputing ( computing with memories ) that closely reproduces one of the main features of the brain . a practic ←
→ blind image denoising via dependent dirichlet process tree ; most existing image denoising approaches assumed the noise to be homogeneous white gaussian distributed with known intensity . however , in real noisy images , the noise models are usually unknown beforehand and can be much more complex . this paper addresses this problem and proposes a novel blind image denoising algorithm to recover the clean image from noisy one with the unknown noise model . to model the empirical noise of an image , our method intr ←
→ concrete dropout ; dropout is used as a practical tool to obtain uncertainty estimates in large vision models and reinforcement learning ( rl ) tasks . but to obtain well - calibrated uncertainty estimates , a grid - search over the dropout probabilities is necessary - a prohibitive operation with large models , and an impossible one with rl . we propose a new dropout variant which gives improved performance and better calibrated uncertainties . relying on recent developments in bayesian deep learning , we use a contin ←
→ artos -- adaptive real - time object detection system ; artos is all about creating , tuning , and applying object detection models with just a few clicks . in particular , artos facilitates learning of models for visual object detection by eliminating the burden of having to collect and annotate a large set of positive and negative samples manually and in addition it implements a fast learning technique to reduce the time needed for the learning step . a clean and friendly gui guides the user through the proces ←
→ learning from dependent observations ; in most papers establishing consistency for learning algorithms it is assumed that the observations used for training are realizations of an i . i . d . process . in this paper we go far beyond this classical framework by showing that support vector machines ( svms ) essentially only require that the data - generating process satisfies a certain law of large numbers . we then consider the learnability of svms for $\ a $- mixing ( not necessarily stationary ) processes for both classif ←
→ personrank : detecting important people in images ; always , some individuals in images are more important / attractive than others in some events such as presentation , basketball game or speech . however , it is challenging to find important people among all individuals in images directly based on their spatial or appearance information due to the existence of diverse variations of pose , action , appearance of persons and various changes of occasions . we overcome this difficulty by constructing a multiple hyper - i ←
→ fully convolutional neural networks for crowd segmentation ; in this paper , we propose a fast fully convolutional neural network ( fcnn ) for crowd segmentation . by replacing the fully connected layers in cnn with 1 by 1 convolution kernels , fcnn takes whole images as inputs and directly outputs segmentation maps by one pass of forward propagation . it has the property of translation invariance like patch - by - patch scanning but with much lower computation cost . once fcnn is learned , it can process input images ←
→ an improved admissible heuristic for learning optimal bayesian networks ; recently two search algorithms , a * and breadth - first branch and bound ( bfbnb ), were developed based on a simple admissible heuristic for learning bayesian network structures that optimize a scoring function . the heuristic represents a relaxation of the learning problem such that each variable chooses optimal parents independently . as a result , the heuristic may contain many directed cycles and result in a loose bound . this paper intro ←
→ focused meeting summarization via unsupervised relation extraction ; we present a novel unsupervised framework for focused meeting summarization that views the problem as an instance of relation extraction . we adapt an existing in - domain relation learner ( chen et al ., 2011 ) by exploiting a set of task - specific constraints and features . we evaluate the approach on a decision summarization task and show that it outperforms unsupervised utterance - level extractive summarization baselines as well as an existing ←
→ towards turkish asr : anatomy of a rule - based turkish g2p ; this paper describes the architecture and implementation of a rule - based grapheme to phoneme converter for turkish . the system accepts surface form as input , outputs sampa mapping of the all parallel pronounciations according to the morphological analysis together with stress positions . the system has been implemented in python ←
→ gated - attention architectures for task - oriented language grounding ; to perform tasks specified by natural language instructions , autonomous agents need to extract semantically meaningful representations of language and map it to visual elements and actions in the environment . this problem is called task - oriented language grounding . we propose an end - to - end trainable neural architecture for task - oriented language grounding in 3d environments which assumes no prior linguistic or perceptual knowledge and requ ←
→ content based image retrieval using exact legendre moments and support vector machine ; content based image retrieval ( cbir ) systems based on shape using invariant image moments , viz ., moment invariants ( mi ) and zernike moments ( zm ) are available in the literature . mi and zm are good at representing the shape features of an image . however , non - orthogonality of mi and poor reconstruction of zm restrict their application in cbir . therefore , an efficient and orthogonal moment based cbir system is needed . leg ←
→ profiling of ocr ' ed historical texts revisited ; in the absence of ground truth it is not possible to automatically determine the exact spectrum and occurrences of ocr errors in an ocr ' ed text . yet , for interactive postcorrection of ocr ' ed historical printings it is extremely useful to have a statistical profile available that provides an estimate of error classes with associated frequencies , and that points to conjectured errors and suspicious tokens . the method introduced in reffle ( 2013 ) computes such a ←
→ sequence to sequence learning for optical character recognition ; we propose an end - to - end recurrent encoder - decoder based sequence learning approach for printed text optical character recognition ( ocr ). in contrast to present day existing state - of - art ocr solution which uses connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) output layer , our approach makes minimalistic assumptions on the structure and length of the sequence . we use a two step encoder - decoder approach -- ( a ) a recurrent encoder reads a variable l ←
→ incremental semiparametric inverse dynamics learning ; this paper presents a novel approach for incremental semiparametric inverse dynamics learning . in particular , we consider the mixture of two approaches : parametric modeling based on rigid body dynamics equations and nonparametric modeling based on incremental kernel methods , with no prior information on the mechanical properties of the system . this yields to an incremental semiparametric approach , leveraging the advantages of both the parametric and non ←
→ aerial spectral super - resolution using conditional adversarial networks ; inferring spectral signatures from ground based natural images has acquired a lot of interest in applied deep learning . in contrast to the spectra of ground based images , aerial spectral images have low spatial resolution and suffer from higher noise interference . in this paper , we train a conditional adversarial network to learn an inverse mapping from a trichromatic space to 31 spectral bands within 400 to 700 nm . the network is tra ←
→ a fusion - based gender recognition method using facial images ; this paper proposes a fusion - based gender recognition method which uses facial images as input . firstly , this paper utilizes pre - processing and a landmark detection method in order to find the important landmarks of faces . thereafter , four different frameworks are proposed which are inspired by state - of - the - art gender recognition systems . the first framework extracts features using local binary pattern ( lbp ) and principal component analysis ( pca ←
→ projected subgradient methods for learning sparse gaussians ; gaussian markov random fields ( gmrfs ) are useful in a broad range of applications . in this paper we tackle the problem of learning a sparse gmrf in a high - dimensional space . our approach uses the l1 - norm as a regularization on the inverse covariance matrix . we utilize a novel projected gradient method , which is faster than previous methods in practice and equal to the best performing of these in asymptotic complexity . we also extend the l1 - regula ←
→ new fuzzy lbp features for face recognition ; there are many local texture features each very in way they implement and each of the algorithm trying improve the performance . an attempt is made in this paper to represent a theoretically very simple and computationally effective approach for face recognition . in our implementation the face image is divided into 3x3 sub - regions from which the features are extracted using the local binary pattern ( lbp ) over a window , fuzzy membership function and at the central ←
→ jointly learning non - negative projection and dictionary with discriminative graph constraints for classification ; sparse coding with dictionary learning ( dl ) has shown excellent classification performance . despite the considerable number of existing works , how to obtain features on top of which dictionaries can be better learned remains an open and interesting question . many current prevailing dl methods directly adopt well - performing crafted features . while such strategy may empirically work well , it ig ←
→ matrix completion via factorizing polynomials ; predicting unobserved entries of a partially observed matrix has found wide applicability in several areas , such as recommender systems , computational biology , and computer vision . many scalable methods with rigorous theoretical guarantees have been developed for algorithms where the matrix is factored into low - rank components , and embeddings are learned for the row and column entities . while there has been recent research on incorporating explicit side inform ←
→ pixellink : detecting scene text via instance segmentation ; most state - of - the - art scene text detection algorithms are deep learning based methods that depend on bounding box regression and perform at least two kinds of predictions : text / non - text classification and location regression . regression plays a key role in the acquisition of bounding boxes in these methods , but it is not indispensable because text / non - text prediction can also be considered as a kind of semantic segmentation that contains full locat ←
→ using linguistic analysis to translate arabic natural language queries to sparql ; the logic - based machine - understandable framework of the semantic web often challenges naive users when they try to query ontology - based knowledge bases . existing research efforts have approached this problem by introducing natural language ( nl ) interfaces to ontologies . these nl interfaces have the ability to construct sparql queries based on nl user queries . however , most efforts were restricted to queries expressed in eng ←
→ pathological oct retinal layer segmentation using branch residual u - shape networks ; the automatic segmentation of retinal layer structures enables clinically - relevant quantification and monitoring of eye disorders over time in oct imaging . eyes with late - stage diseases are particularly challenging to segment , as their shape is highly warped due to pathological biomarkers . in this context , we propose a novel fully convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture which combines dilated residual blocks in an ←
→ proceedings of the 2016 icml workshop on human interpretability in machine learning ( whi 2016 ) ; this is the proceedings of the 2016 icml workshop on human interpretability in machine learning ( whi 2016 ), which was held in new york , ny , june 23 , 2016 . invited speakers were susan athey , rich caruana , jacob feldman , percy liang , and hanna wallach .←
→ do wavenets dream of acoustic waves ? ; various sources have reported the wavenet deep learning architecture being able to generate high - quality speech , but to our knowledge there haven ' t been studies on the interpretation or visualization of trained wavenets . this study investigates the possibility that wavenet understands speech by unsupervisedly learning an acoustically meaningful latent representation of the speech signals in its receptive field ; we also attempt to interpret the mechanism by which the fe ←
→ active learning for matching problems ; effective learning of user preferences is critical to easing user burden in various types of matching problems . equally important is active query selection to further reduce the amount of preference information users must provide . we address the problem of active learning of user preferences for matching problems , introducing a novel method for determining probabilistic matchings , and developing several new active learning strategies that are sensitive to the specific ←
→ a kernel - based framework for learning graded relations from data ; driven by a large number of potential applications in areas like bioinformatics , information retrieval and social network analysis , the problem setting of inferring relations between pairs of data objects has recently been investigated quite intensively in the machine learning community . to this end , current approaches typically consider datasets containing crisp relations , so that standard classification methods can be adopted . however , rel ←
→ region segmentation for sparse decompositions : better brain parcellations from rest fmri ; functional magnetic resonance images acquired during resting - state provide information about the functional organization of the brain through measuring correlations between brain areas . independent components analysis is the reference approach to estimate spatial components from weakly structured data such as brain signal time courses ; each of these components may be referred to as a brain network and the whole set ←
→ stochastic primal - dual methods and sample complexity of reinforcement learning ; we study the online estimation of the optimal policy of a markov decision process ( mdp ). we propose a class of stochastic primal - dual ( spd ) methods which exploit the inherent minimax duality of bellman equations . the spd methods update a few coordinates of the value and policy estimates as a new state transition is observed . these methods use small storage and has low computational complexity per iteration . the spd methods fi ←
→ fruit recognition from images using deep learning ; in this paper we introduce a new , high - quality , dataset of images containing fruits . we also present the results of some numerical experiment for training a neural network to detect fruits . we discuss the reason why we chose to use fruits in this project by proposing a few applications that could use this kind of neural network .←
→ upgrading pulse detection with time shift properties using wavelets and support vector machines ; current approaches in pulse detection use domain transformations so as to concentrate frequency related information that can be distinguishable from noise . in real cases we do not know when the pulse will begin , so we need a time search process in which time windows are scheduled and analysed . each window can contain the pulsed signal ( either complete or incomplete ) and / or noise . in this paper a simple sear ←
→ a new class of upper bounds on the log partition function ; bounds on the log partition function are important in a variety of contexts , including approximate inference , model fitting , decision theory , and large deviations analysis . we introduce a new class of upper bounds on the log partition function , based on convex combinations of distributions in the exponential domain , that is applicable to an arbitrary undirected graphical model . in the special case of convex combinations of tree - structured distribut ←
→ kernelized low rank representation on grassmann manifolds ; low rank representation ( lrr ) has recently attracted great interest due to its pleasing efficacy in exploring low - dimensional subspace structures embedded in data . one of its successful applications is subspace clustering which means data are clustered according to the subspaces they belong to . in this paper , at a higher level , we intend to cluster subspaces into classes of subspaces . this is naturally described as a clustering problem on grassmann ←
→ towards principled unsupervised learning ; general unsupervised learning is a long - standing conceptual problem in machine learning . supervised learning is successful because it can be solved by the minimization of the training error cost function . unsupervised learning is not as successful , because the unsupervised objective may be unrelated to the supervised task of interest . for an example , density modelling and reconstruction have often been used for unsupervised learning , but they did not produced the s ←
→ bayesian inference in sparse gaussian graphical models ; one of the fundamental tasks of science is to find explainable relationships between observed phenomena . one approach to this task that has received attention in recent years is based on probabilistic graphical modelling with sparsity constraints on model structures . in this paper , we describe two new approaches to bayesian inference of sparse structures of gaussian graphical models ( ggms ). one is based on a simple modification of the cutting - edge blo ←
→ model selection for topic models via spectral decomposition ; topic models have achieved significant successes in analyzing large - scale text corpus . in practical applications , we are always confronted with the challenge of model selection , i . e ., how to appropriately set the number of topics . following recent advances in topic model inference via tensor decomposition , we make a first attempt to provide theoretical analysis on model selection in latent dirichlet allocation . under mild conditions , we derive th ←
→ on the logic of causal models ; this paper explores the role of directed acyclic graphs ( dags ) as a representation of conditional independence relationships . we show that dags offer polynomially sound and complete inference mechanisms for inferring conditional independence relationships from a given causal set of such relationships . as a consequence , d - separation , a graphical criterion for identifying independencies in a dag , is shown to uncover more valid independencies then any other criterion . in additio ←
→ conceptors : an easy introduction ; conceptors provide an elementary neuro - computational mechanism which sheds a fresh and unifying light on a diversity of cognitive phenomena . a number of demanding learning and processing tasks can be solved with unprecedented ease , robustness and accuracy . some of these tasks were impossible to solve before . this entirely informal paper introduces the basic principles of conceptors and highlights some of their usages .←
→ architecture of a fuzzy expert system used for dyslalic children therapy ; in this paper we present architecture of a fuzzy expert system used for therapy of dyslalic children . with fuzzy approach we can create a better model for speech therapist decisions . a software interface was developed for validation of the system . the main objectives of this task are : personalized therapy ( the therapy must be in according with child ' s problems level , context and possibilities ), speech therapist assistant ( the expert ←
→ online supervised subspace tracking ; we present a framework for supervised subspace tracking , when there are two time series $ x_t $ and $ y_t $, one being the high - dimensional predictors and the other being the response variables and the subspace tracking needs to take into consideration of both sequences . it extends the classic online subspace tracking work which can be viewed as tracking of $ x_t $ only . our online sufficient dimensionality reduction ( osdr ) is a meta - algorithm that can be applied to various c ←
→ planematch : patch coplanarity prediction for robust rgb - d reconstruction ; we introduce a novel rgb - d patch descriptor designed for detecting coplanar surfaces in slam reconstruction . the core of our method is a deep convolutional neural net that takes in rgb , depth , and normal information of a planar patch in an image and outputs a descriptor that can be used to find coplanar patches from other images . we train the network on 10 million triplets of coplanar and non - coplanar patches , and evaluate on a new co ←
→ quantum computing and phase transitions in combinatorial search ; we introduce an algorithm for combinatorial search on quantum computers that is capable of significantly concentrating amplitude into solutions for some np search problems , on average . this is done by exploiting the same aspects of problem structure as used by classical backtrack methods to avoid unproductive search choices . this quantum algorithm is much more likely to find solutions than the simple direct use of quantum parallelism . further ←
→ neural realisation of the sp theory : cell assemblies revisited ; this paper describes how the elements of the sp theory ( wolff , 2003a ) may be realised with neural structures and processes . to the extent that this is successful , the insights that have been achieved in the sp theory - the integration and simplification of a range of phenomena in perception and cognition - may be incorporated in a neural view of brain function . these proposals may be seen as a development of hebb ' s ( 1949 ) concept of a ' cell ←
→ hate speech detection : a solved problem ? the challenging case of long tail on twitter ; in recent years , the increasing propagation of hate speech on social media and the urgent need for effective counter - measures have drawn significant investment from governments , companies , and empirical research . despite a large number of emerging , scientific studies to address the problem , the performance of existing automated methods at identifying specific types of hate speech - as opposed to identifying non - hate - i ←
→ field geology with a wearable computer : 1st results of the cyborg astrobiologist system ; we present results from the first geological field tests of the ` cyborg astrobiologist ', which is a wearable computer and video camcorder system that we are using to test and train a computer - vision system towards having some of the autonomous decision - making capabilities of a field - geologist . the cyborg astrobiologist platform has thus far been used for testing and development of these algorithms and systems : roboti ←
→ train and test tightness of lp relaxations in structured prediction ; structured prediction is used in areas such as computer vision and natural language processing to predict structured outputs such as segmentations or parse trees . in these settings , prediction is performed by map inference or , equivalently , by solving an integer linear program . because of the complex scoring functions required to obtain accurate predictions , both learning and inference typically require the use of approximate solvers . we ←
→ a geometric analysis of subspace clustering with outliers ; this paper considers the problem of clustering a collection of unlabeled data points assumed to lie near a union of lower - dimensional planes . as is common in computer vision or unsupervised learning applications , we do not know in advance how many subspaces there are nor do we have any information about their dimensions . we develop a novel geometric analysis of an algorithm named sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ) [ in ieee conference on computer visi ←
→ occupancy grids : a stochastic spatial representation for active robot perception ; in this paper we provide an overview of a new framework for robot perception , real - world modelling , and navigation that uses a stochastic tesselated representation of spatial information called the occupancy grid . the occupancy grid is a multi - dimensional random field model that maintains probabilistic estimates of the occupancy state of each cell in a spatial lattice . bayesian estimation mechanisms employing stochastic sen ←
→ how to make the gradients small stochastically ; in convex stochastic optimization , convergence rates in terms of minimizing the objective have been well - established . however , in terms of making the gradients small , the best known convergence rate was $ o (\ varepsilon ^{- 8 / 3 })$ and it was left open how to improve it . in this paper , we improve this rate to $\ tilde { o }(\ varepsilon ^{- 2 })$, which is optimal up to log factors .←
→ stimont : a core ontology for multimedia stimuli description ; affective multimedia documents such as images , sounds or videos elicit emotional responses in exposed human subjects . these stimuli are stored in affective multimedia databases and successfully used for a wide variety of research in psychology and neuroscience in areas related to attention and emotion processing . although important all affective multimedia databases have numerous deficiencies which impair their applicability . these problems , whic ←
→ a modified construction for a support vector classifier to accommodate class imbalances ; given a training set with binary classification , the support vector machine identifies the hyperplane maximizing the margin between the two classes of training data . this general formulation is useful in that it can be applied without regard to variance differences between the classes . ignoring these differences is not optimal , however , as the general svm will give the class with lower variance an unjustifiably wide ←
→ spatially transformed adversarial examples ; recent studies show that widely used deep neural networks ( dnns ) are vulnerable to carefully crafted adversarial examples . many advanced algorithms have been proposed to generate adversarial examples by leveraging the $\ mathcal { l } _p $ distance for penalizing perturbations . researchers have explored different defense methods to defend against such adversarial attacks . while the effectiveness of $\ mathcal { l } _p $ distance as a metric of perceptual quality remains an a ←
→ effective sparse representation of x - ray medical images ; effective sparse representation of x - ray medical images within the context of data reduction is considered . the proposed framework is shown to render an enormous reduction in the cardinality of the data set required to represent this class of images at very good quality . the particularity of the approach is that it can be implemented at very competitive processing time and low memory requirements ←
→ real - time scheduling via reinforcement learning ; cyber - physical systems , such as mobile robots , must respond adaptively to dynamic operating conditions . effective operation of these systems requires that sensing and actuation tasks are performed in a timely manner . additionally , execution of mission specific tasks such as imaging a room must be balanced against the need to perform more general tasks such as obstacle avoidance . this problem has been addressed by maintaining relative utilization of shared re ←
→ improving parameter learning of bayesian nets from incomplete data ; this paper addresses the estimation of parameters of a bayesian network from incomplete data . the task is usually tackled by running the expectation - maximization ( em ) algorithm several times in order to obtain a high log - likelihood estimate . we argue that choosing the maximum log - likelihood estimate ( as well as the maximum penalized log - likelihood and the maximum a posteriori estimate ) has severe drawbacks , being affected both by overfitti ←
→ craniofacial reconstruction as a prediction problem using a latent root regression model ; in this paper , we present a computer - assisted method for facial reconstruction . this method provides an estimation of the facial shape associated with unidentified skeletal remains . current computer - assisted methods using a statistical framework rely on a common set of extracted points located on the bone and soft - tissue surfaces . most of the facial reconstruction methods then consist of predicting the position of t ←
→ s - shaped vs . v - shaped transfer functions for antlion optimization algorithm in feature selection problems ; feature selection is an important preprocessing step for classification problems . it deals with selecting near optimal features in the original dataset . feature selection is an np - hard problem , so meta - heuristics can be more efficient than exact methods . in this work , ant lion optimizer ( alo ), which is a recent metaheuristic algorithm , is employed as a wrapper feature selection method . six variants ←
→ influences combination of multi - sensor images on classification accuracy ; this paper focuses on two main issues ; first one is the impact of combination of multi - sensor images on the supervised learning classification accuracy using segment fusion ( sf ). the second issue attempts to undertake the study of supervised machine learning classification technique of remote sensing images by using four classifiers like parallelepiped ( pp ), mahalanobis distance ( md ), maximum - likelihood ( ml ) and euclidean distance ( ed ←
→ feature selection for ridge regression with provable guarantees ; we introduce single - set spectral sparsification as a deterministic sampling based feature selection technique for regularized least squares classification , which is the classification analogue to ridge regression . the method is unsupervised and gives worst - case guarantees of the generalization power of the classification function after feature selection with respect to the classification function obtained using all features . we also introduce ←
→ comparison of decision tree based classification strategies to detect external chemical stimuli from raw and filtered plant electrical response ; plants monitor their surrounding environment and control their physiological functions by producing an electrical response . we recorded electrical signals from different plants by exposing them to sodium chloride ( nacl ), ozone ( o3 ) and sulfuric acid ( h2so4 ) under laboratory conditions . after applying pre - processing techniques such as filtering and drift removal ,←
→ efficient coordinate - wise leading eigenvector computation ; we develop and analyze efficient " coordinate - wise " methods for finding the leading eigenvector , where each step involves only a vector - vector product . we establish global convergence with overall runtime guarantees that are at least as good as lanczos ' s method and dominate it for slowly decaying spectrum . our methods are based on combining a shift - and - invert approach with coordinate - wise algorithms for linear regression .←
→ lazy stochastic principal component analysis ; stochastic principal component analysis ( spca ) has become a popular dimensionality reduction strategy for large , high - dimensional datasets . we derive a simplified algorithm , called lazy spca , which has reduced computational complexity and is better suited for large - scale distributed computation . we prove that spca and lazy spca find the same approximations to the principal subspace , and that the pairwise distances between samples in the lower - dimensional space ←
→ on the min - cost traveling salesman problem with drone ; over the past few years , unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav ), also known as drones , have been adopted as part of a new logistic method in the commercial sector called " last - mile delivery ". in this novel approach , they are deployed alongside trucks to deliver goods to customers to improve the quality of service and reduce the transportation cost . this approach gives rise to a new variant of the traveling salesman problem ( tsp ), called tsp with drone ( tsp - d ).←
→ statistical keyword detection in literary corpora ; understanding the complexity of human language requires an appropriate analysis of the statistical distribution of words in texts . we consider the information retrieval problem of detecting and ranking the relevant words of a text by means of statistical information referring to the " spatial " use of the words . shannon ' s entropy of information is used as a tool for automatic keyword extraction . by using the origin of species by charles darwin as a represent ←
→ proximal algorithms in statistics and machine learning ; in this paper we develop proximal methods for statistical learning . proximal point algorithms are useful in statistics and machine learning for obtaining optimization solutions for composite functions . our approach exploits closed - form solutions of proximal operators and envelope representations based on the moreau , forward - backward , douglas - rachford and half - quadratic envelopes . envelope representations lead to novel proximal algorithms for statistic ←
→ universal semantic parsing ; universal dependencies ( ud ) offer a uniform cross - lingual syntactic representation , with the aim of advancing multilingual applications . recent work shows that semantic parsing can be accomplished by transforming syntactic dependencies to logical forms . however , this work is limited to english , and cannot process dependency graphs , which allow handling complex phenomena such as control . in this work , we introduce udeplambda , a semantic interface for ud , which maps natural langua ←
→ english - japanese neural machine translation with encoder - decoder - reconstructor ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) has recently become popular in the field of machine translation . however , nmt suffers from the problem of repeating or missing words in the translation . to address this problem , tu et al . ( 2017 ) proposed an encoder - decoder - reconstructor framework for nmt using back - translation . in this method , they selected the best forward translation model in the same manner as bahdanau et al . ( 2015 ), and th ←
→ a revisit on deep hashings for large - scale content based image retrieval ; there is a growing trend in studying deep hashing methods for content - based image retrieval ( cbir ), where hash functions and binary codes are learnt using deep convolutional neural networks and then the binary codes can be used to do approximate nearest neighbor ( ann ) search . all the existing deep hashing papers report their methods ' superior performance over the traditional hashing methods according to their experimental results . ho ←
→ grammar specialization through entropy thresholds ; explanation - based generalization is used to extract a specialized grammar from the original one using a training corpus of parse trees . this allows very much faster parsing and gives a lower error rate , at the price of a small loss in coverage . previously , it has been necessary to specify the tree - cutting criteria ( or operationality criteria ) manually ; here they are derived automatically from the training set and the desired coverage of the specialized gra ←
→ multi - instance visual - semantic embedding ; visual - semantic embedding models have been recently proposed and shown to be effective for image classification and zero - shot learning , by mapping images into a continuous semantic label space . although several approaches have been proposed for single - label embedding tasks , handling images with multiple labels ( which is a more general setting ) still remains an open problem , mainly due to the complex underlying corresponding relationship between image and its labels ←
→ improved text language identification for the south african languages ; virtual assistants and text chatbots have recently been gaining popularity . given the short message nature of text - based chat interactions , the language identification systems of these bots might only have 15 or 20 characters to make a prediction . however , accurate text language identification is important , especially in the early stages of many multilingual natural language processing pipelines . this paper investigates the use of a n ←
→ discrete deep feature extraction : a theory and new architectures ; first steps towards a mathematical theory of deep convolutional neural networks for feature extraction were made --- for the continuous - time case --- in mallat , 2012 , and wiatowski and b \" olcskei , 2015 . this paper considers the discrete case , introduces new convolutional neural network architectures , and proposes a mathematical framework for their analysis . specifically , we establish deformation and translation sensitivity results of local and g ←
→ manitest : are classifiers really invariant ? ; invariance to geometric transformations is a highly desirable property of automatic classifiers in many image recognition tasks . nevertheless , it is unclear to which extent state - of - the - art classifiers are invariant to basic transformations such as rotations and translations . this is mainly due to the lack of general methods that properly measure such an invariance . in this paper , we propose a rigorous and systematic approach for quantifying the invariance to ge ←
→ on image classification : correlation v . s . causality ; image classification is one of the fundamental problems in computer vision . owing to the availability of large image datasets like imagenet and yfcc100m , a plethora of research has been conducted to do high precision image classification and many remarkable achievements have been made . the success of most existing methods hinges on a basic hypothesis that the testing image set has the same distribution as the training image set . however , in many real app ←
→ clustering mixed datasets using homogeneity analysis with applications to big data ; datasets with a mixture of numerical and categorical attributes are routinely encountered in many application domains . in this work we examine an approach to clustering such datasets using homogeneity analysis . homogeneity analysis determines a euclidean representation of the data . this can be analyzed by leveraging the large body of tools and techniques for data with a euclidean representation . experiments conducted as p ←
→ schema independent relational learning ; learning novel concepts and relations from relational databases is an important problem with many applications in database systems and machine learning . relational learning algorithms learn the definition of a new relation in terms of existing relations in the database . nevertheless , the same data set may be represented under different schemas for various reasons , such as efficiency , data quality , and usability . unfortunately , the output of current relational learnin ←
→ face detection from still and video images using unsupervised cellular automata with k means clustering algorithm ; pattern recognition problem rely upon the features inherent in the pattern of images . face detection and recognition is one of the challenging research areas in the field of computer vision . in this paper , we present a method to identify skin pixels from still and video images using skin color . face regions are identified from this skin pixel region . facial features such as eyes , nose and mo ←
→ an approach to one - bit compressed sensing based on probably approximately correct learning theory ; in this paper , the problem of one - bit compressed sensing ( obcs ) is formulated as a problem in probably approximately correct ( pac ) learning . it is shown that the vapnik - chervonenkis ( vc -) dimension of the set of half - spaces in $\ mathbb { r }^ n $ generated by $ k $- sparse vectors is bounded below by $ k \ lg ( n / k )$ and above by $ 2k \ lg ( n / k )$, plus some round - off terms . by coupling this estimate with well - establishe ←
→ paraphrasing verbal metonymy through computational methods ; verbal metonymy has received relatively scarce attention in the field of computational linguistics despite the fact that a model to accurately paraphrase metonymy has applications both in academia and the technology sector . the method described in this paper makes use of data from the british national corpus in order to create word vectors , find instances of verbal metonymy and generate potential paraphrases . two different ways of creating word ve ←
→ rate of convergence and error bounds for lstd ($ λ $) ; we consider lstd ($\ lambda $), the least - squares temporal - difference algorithm with eligibility traces algorithm proposed by boyan ( 2002 ). it computes a linear approximation of the value function of a fixed policy in a large markov decision process . under a $\ beta $- mixing assumption , we derive , for any value of $\ lambda \ in ( 0 , 1 )$, a high - probability estimate of the rate of convergence of this algorithm to its limit . we deduce a high - probability bound on th ←
→ deep semantic role labeling with self - attention ; semantic role labeling ( srl ) is believed to be a crucial step towards natural language understanding and has been widely studied . recent years , end - to - end srl with recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) has gained increasing attention . however , it remains a major challenge for rnns to handle structural information and long range dependencies . in this paper , we present a simple and effective architecture for srl which aims to address these problems . our model is bas ←
→ hierarchical exploration for accelerating contextual bandits ; contextual bandit learning is an increasingly popular approach to optimizing recommender systems via user feedback , but can be slow to converge in practice due to the need for exploring a large feature space . in this paper , we propose a coarse - to - fine hierarchical approach for encoding prior knowledge that drastically reduces the amount of exploration required . intuitively , user preferences can be reasonably embedded in a coarse low - dimensional ←
→ detecting faces using region - based fully convolutional networks ; face detection has achieved great success using the region - based methods . in this report , we propose a region - based face detector applying deep networks in a fully convolutional fashion , named face r - fcn . based on region - based fully convolutional networks ( r - fcn ), our face detector is more accurate and computational efficient compared with the previous r - cnn based face detectors . in our approach , we adopt the fully convolutional residual netw ←
→ a dual fast and slow feature interaction in biologically inspired visual recognition of human action ; computational neuroscience studies that have examined human visual system through functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) have identified a model where the mammalian brain pursues two distinct pathways ( for recognition of biological movement tasks ). in the brain , dorsal stream analyzes the information of motion ( optical flow ), which is the fast features , and ventral stream ( form pathway ) analyzes fo ←
→ ontologies in system engineering : a field report ; in recent years ontologies enjoyed a growing popularity outside specialized ai communities . system engineering is no exception to this trend , with ontologies being proposed as a basis for several tasks in complex industrial implements , including system design , monitoring and diagnosis . in this paper , we consider four different contributions to system engineering wherein ontologies are instrumental to provide enhancements over traditional ad - hoc techniques . ←
→ dynamic reasoning systems ; a {\ it dynamic reasoning system } ( drs ) is an adaptation of a conventional formal logical system that explicitly portrays reasoning as a temporal activity , with each extralogical input to the system and each inference rule application being viewed as occurring at a distinct time step . every drs incorporates some well - defined logic together with a controller that serves to guide the reasoning process in response to user inputs . logics are generic , whereas controllers are applicatio ←
→ faster coordinate descent via adaptive importance sampling ; coordinate descent methods employ random partial updates of decision variables in order to solve huge - scale convex optimization problems . in this work , we introduce new adaptive rules for the random selection of their updates . by adaptive , we mean that our selection rules are based on the dual residual or the primal - dual gap estimates and can change at each iteration . we theoretically characterize the performance of our selection rules and demonst ←
→ are words easier to learn from infant - than adult - directed speech ? a quantitative corpus - based investigation ; we investigate whether infant - directed speech ( ids ) could facilitate word form learning when compared to adult - directed speech ( ads ). to study this , we examine the distribution of word forms at two levels , acoustic and phonological , using a large database of spontaneous speech in japanese . at the acoustic level we show that , as has been documented before for phonemes , the realizations of words ar ←
→ a holistic approach for data - driven object cutout ; object cutout is a fundamental operation for image editing and manipulation , yet it is extremely challenging to automate it in real - world images , which typically contain considerable background clutter . in contrast to existing cutout methods , which are based mainly on low - level image analysis , we propose a more holistic approach , which considers the entire shape of the object of interest by leveraging higher - level image analysis and learnt global shape pri ←
→ multi - instance learning by treating instances as non - i . i . d . samples ; multi - instance learning attempts to learn from a training set consisting of labeled bags each containing many unlabeled instances . previous studies typically treat the instances in the bags as independently and identically distributed . however , the instances in a bag are rarely independent , and therefore a better performance can be expected if the instances are treated in an non - i . i . d . way that exploits the relations among instances . in t ←
→ gaussian - binary restricted boltzmann machines on modeling natural image statistics ; we present a theoretical analysis of gaussian - binary restricted boltzmann machines ( grbms ) from the perspective of density models . the key aspect of this analysis is to show that grbms can be formulated as a constrained mixture of gaussians , which gives a much better insight into the model ' s capabilities and limitations . we show that grbms are capable of learning meaningful features both in a two - dimensional blind source ←
→ octree generating networks : efficient convolutional architectures for high - resolution 3d outputs ; we present a deep convolutional decoder architecture that can generate volumetric 3d outputs in a compute - and memory - efficient manner by using an octree representation . the network learns to predict both the structure of the octree , and the occupancy values of individual cells . this makes it a particularly valuable technique for generating 3d shapes . in contrast to standard decoders acting on regular voxel ←
→ detecting animals in african savanna with uavs and the crowds ; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ) offer new opportunities for wildlife monitoring , with several advantages over traditional field - based methods . they have readily been used to count birds , marine mammals and large herbivores in different environments , tasks which are routinely performed through manual counting in large collections of images . in this paper , we propose a semi - automatic system able to detect large mammals in semi - arid savanna . it re ←
→ multi - view image generation from a single - view ; this paper addresses a challenging problem -- how to generate multi - view cloth images from only a single view input . to generate realistic - looking images with different views from the input , we propose a new image generation model termed varigans that combines the strengths of the variational inference and the generative adversarial networks ( gans ). our proposed varigans model generates the target image in a coarse - to - fine manner instead of a single pass whic ←
→ rockit : exploiting parallelism and symmetry for map inference in statistical relational models ; rockit is a maximum a - posteriori ( map ) query engine for statistical relational models . map inference in graphical models is an optimization problem which can be compiled to integer linear programs ( ilps ). we describe several advances in translating map queries to ilp instances and present the novel meta - algorithm cutting plane aggregation ( cpa ). cpa exploits local context - specific symmetries and bundles up set ←
→ liquid state machine with dendritically enhanced readout for low - power , neuromorphic vlsi implementations ; in this paper , we describe a new neuro - inspired , hardware - friendly readout stage for the liquid state machine ( lsm ), a popular model for reservoir computing . compared to the parallel perceptron architecture trained by the p - delta algorithm , which is the state of the art in terms of performance of readout stages , our readout architecture and learning algorithm can attain better performance with signi ←
→ communication lower bounds for statistical estimation problems via a distributed data processing inequality ; we study the tradeoff between the statistical error and communication cost of distributed statistical estimation problems in high dimensions . in the distributed sparse gaussian mean estimation problem , each of the $ m $ machines receives $ n $ data points from a $ d $- dimensional gaussian distribution with unknown mean $\ theta $ which is promised to be $ k $- sparse . the machines communicate by message pass ←
→ self - organizing the abstract : canvas as a swarm habitat for collective memory , perception and cooperative distributed creativity ; past experiences under the designation of " swarm paintings " conducted in 2001 , not only confirmed the possibility of realizing an artificial art ( thus non - human ), as introduced into the process the questioning of creative migration , specifically from the computer monitors to the canvas via a robotic harm . in more recent self - organized based research we seek to develop and prof ←
→ method of tibetan person knowledge extraction ; person knowledge extraction is the foundation of the tibetan knowledge graph construction , which provides support for tibetan question answering system , information retrieval , information extraction and other researches , and promotes national unity and social stability . this paper proposes a svm and template based approach to tibetan person knowledge extraction . through constructing the training corpus , we build the templates based the shallow parsing analysis ←
→ learning camera viewpoint using cnn to improve 3d body pose estimation ; the objective of this work is to estimate 3d human pose from a single rgb image . extracting image representations which incorporate both spatial relation of body parts and their relative depth plays an essential role in accurate3d pose reconstruction . in this paper , for the first time , we show that camera viewpoint in combination to 2d joint lo - cations significantly improves 3d pose accuracy without the explicit use of perspective geom ←
→ variational algorithms for marginal map ; the marginal maximum a posteriori probability ( map ) estimation problem , which calculates the mode of the marginal posterior distribution of a subset of variables with the remaining variables marginalized , is an important inference problem in many models , such as those with hidden variables or uncertain parameters . unfortunately , marginal map can be np - hard even on trees , and has attracted less attention in the literature compared to the joint map ( maximization ) and ←
→ learning rank functionals : an empirical study ; ranking is a key aspect of many applications , such as information retrieval , question answering , ad placement and recommender systems . learning to rank has the goal of estimating a ranking model automatically from training data . in practical settings , the task often reduces to estimating a rank functional of an object with respect to a query . in this paper , we investigate key issues in designing an effective learning to rank algorithm . these include data repre ←
→ fast color space transformations using minimax approximations ; color space transformations are frequently used in image processing , graphics , and visualization applications . in many cases , these transformations are complex nonlinear functions , which prohibits their use in time - critical applications . in this paper , we present a new approach called minimax approximations for color - space transformations ( mact ). we demonstrate mact on three commonly used color space transformations . extensive experiments on a l ←
→ motion representation with acceleration images ; information of time differentiation is extremely important cue for a motion representation . we have applied first - order differential velocity from a positional information , moreover we believe that second - order differential acceleration is also a significant feature in a motion representation . however , an acceleration image based on a typical optical flow includes motion noises . we have not employed the acceleration image because the noises are too strong to ←
→ a new spectral method for latent variable models ; this paper presents an algorithm for the unsupervised learning of latent variable models from unlabeled sets of data . we base our technique on spectral decomposition , providing a technique that proves to be robust both in theory and in practice . we also describe how to use this algorithm to learn the parameters of two well known text mining models : single topic model and latent dirichlet allocation , providing in both cases an efficient technique to retrieve ←
→ driver action prediction using deep ( bidirectional ) recurrent neural network ; advanced driver assistance systems ( adas ) can be significantly improved with effective driver action prediction ( dap ). predicting driver actions early and accurately can help mitigate the effects of potentially unsafe driving behaviors and avoid possible accidents . in this paper , we formulate driver action prediction as a timeseries anomaly prediction problem . while the anomaly ( driver actions of interest ) detection might be tr ←
→ flex - convolution ( deep learning beyond grid - worlds ) ; the goal of this work is to enable deep neural networks to learn representations for irregular 3d structures -- just like in common approaches for 2d images . unfortunately , current network primitives such as convolution layers are specifically designed to exploit the natural data representation of images -- a fixed and regular grid structure . this represents a limitation when transferring these techniques to more unstructured data like 3d point clouds or ←
→ word sense disambiguation via high order of learning in complex networks ; complex networks have been employed to model many real systems and as a modeling tool in a myriad of applications . in this paper , we use the framework of complex networks to the problem of supervised classification in the word disambiguation task , which consists in deriving a function from the supervised ( or labeled ) training data of ambiguous words . traditional supervised data classification takes into account only topological or ph ←
→ pointer networks ; we introduce a new neural architecture to learn the conditional probability of an output sequence with elements that are discrete tokens corresponding to positions in an input sequence . such problems cannot be trivially addressed by existent approaches such as sequence - to - sequence and neural turing machines , because the number of target classes in each step of the output depends on the length of the input , which is variable . problems such as sorting variable sized sequences , and various c ←
→ bidirectional attention for sql generation ; generating structural query language ( sql ) queries from natural language is a long - standing open problem . answering a natural language question about a database table requires modeling complex interactions between the columns of the table and the question . it has been attracting considerable interest recently and driven by the explosive development of deep learning techniques . in this paper , we apply the sketch - based approach or synthesizing way to solve this pro ←
→ counting solutions of constraint satisfiability problems : exact phase transitions and approximate algorithm ; the study of phase transition phenomenon of np complete problems plays an important role in understanding the nature of hard problems . in this paper , we follow this line of research by considering the problem of counting solutions of constraint satisfaction problems (# csp ). we consider the random model , i . e . rb model . we prove that phase transition of # csp does exist as the number of variables appr ←
→ on the consistency of ordinal regression methods ; many of the ordinal regression models that have been proposed in the literature can be seen as methods that minimize a convex surrogate of the zero - one , absolute , or squared loss functions . a key property that allows to study the statistical implications of such approximations is that of fisher consistency . fisher consistency is a desirable property for surrogate loss functions and implies that in the population setting , i . e ., if the probability distributio ←
→ dynamic hand gesture recognition for wearable devices with low complexity recurrent neural networks ; gesture recognition is a very essential technology for many wearable devices . while previous algorithms are mostly based on statistical methods including the hidden markov model , we develop two dynamic hand gesture recognition techniques using low complexity recurrent neural network ( rnn ) algorithms . one is based on video signal and employs a combined structure of a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) and ←
→ a nonconformity approach to model selection for svms ; we investigate the issue of model selection and the use of the nonconformity ( strangeness ) measure in batch learning . using the nonconformity measure we propose a new training algorithm that helps avoid the need for cross - validation or leave - one - out model selection strategies . we provide a new generalisation error bound using the notion of nonconformity to upper bound the loss of each test example and show that our proposed approach is comparable to sta ←
→ reinforcement learning with partially known world dynamics ; reinforcement learning would enjoy better success on real - world problems if domain knowledge could be imparted to the algorithm by the modelers . most problems have both hidden state and unknown dynamics . partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) allow for the modeling of both . unfortunately , they do not provide a natural framework in which to specify knowledge about the domain dynamics . the designer must either admit to knowing nothi ←
→ fully automatic segmentation of lumbar vertebrae from ct images using cascaded 3d fully convolutional networks ; we present a method to address the challenging problem of segmentation of lumbar vertebrae from ct images acquired with varying fields of view . our method is based on cascaded 3d fully convolutional networks ( fcns ) consisting of a localization fcn and a segmentation fcn . more specifically , in the first step we train a regression 3d fcn ( we call it " localizationnet ") to find the bounding box of ←
→ feature extraction and soft computing methods for aerospace structure defect classification ; this study concerns the effectiveness of several techniques and methods of signals processing and data interpretation for the diagnosis of aerospace structure defects . this is done by applying different known feature extraction methods , in addition to a new cbir - based one ; and some soft computing techniques including a recent hpc parallel implementation of the u - brain learning algorithm on non destructive testing ←
→ intraoperative organ motion models with an ensemble of conditional generative adversarial networks ; in this paper , we describe how a patient - specific , ultrasound - probe - induced prostate motion model can be directly generated from a single preoperative mr image . our motion model allows for sampling from the conditional distribution of dense displacement fields , is encoded by a generative neural network conditioned on a medical image , and accepts random noise as additional input . the generative network is t ←
→ how compatible are our discourse annotations ? insights from mapping rst - dt and pdtb annotations ; discourse - annotated corpora are an important resource for the community , but they are often annotated according to different frameworks . this makes comparison of the annotations difficult , thereby also preventing researchers from searching the corpora in a unified way , or using all annotated data jointly to train computational systems . several theoretical proposals have recently been made for mapping the rela ←
→ efficient diverse ensemble for discriminative co - tracking ; ensemble discriminative tracking utilizes a committee of classifiers , to label data samples , which are in turn , used for retraining the tracker to localize the target using the collective knowledge of the committee . committee members could vary in their features , memory update schemes , or training data , however , it is inevitable to have committee members that excessively agree because of large overlaps in their version space . to remove this redunda ←
→ predicting short - term bitcoin price fluctuations from buy and sell orders ; bitcoin is the first decentralized digital cryptocurrency , which has showed significant market capitalization growth in last few years . it is important to understand what drives the fluctuations of the bitcoin exchange price and to what extent they are predictable . in this paper , we study the ability to make short - term prediction of the exchange price fluctuations ( measured with volatility ) towards the united states dollar . we use ←
→ efficient approximate solutions to mutual information based global feature selection ; mutual information ( mi ) is often used for feature selection when developing classifier models . estimating the mi for a subset of features is often intractable . we demonstrate , that under the assumptions of conditional independence , mi between a subset of features can be expressed as the conditional mutual information ( cmi ) between pairs of features . but selecting features with the highest cmi turns out to be a hard comb ←
→ possibility neutrosophic soft sets with applications in decision making and similarity measure ; in this paper , concept of possibility neutrosophic soft set and its operations are defined , and their properties are studied . an application of this theory in decision making is investigated . also a similarity measure of two possibility neutrosophic soft sets is introduced and discussed . finally an application of this similarity measure is given to select suitable person for position in a firm .←
→ connectivity - driven parcellation methods for the human cerebral cortex ; in this thesis , we present robust and fully - automated methods for the subdivision of the entire human cerebral cortex based on connectivity information . our contributions are four - fold : first , we propose a clustering approach to delineate a cortical parcellation that provides a reliable abstraction of the brain ' s functional organisation . second , we cast the parcellation problem as a feature reduction problem and make use of manifold le ←
→ np animacy identification for anaphora resolution ; in anaphora resolution for english , animacy identification can play an integral role in the application of agreement restrictions between pronouns and candidates , and as a result , can improve the accuracy of anaphora resolution systems . in this paper , two methods for animacy identification are proposed and evaluated using intrinsic and extrinsic measures . the first method is a rule - based one which uses information about the unique beginners in wordnet to c ←
→ being negative but constructively : lessons learnt from creating better visual question answering datasets ; visual question answering ( qa ) has attracted a lot of attention lately , seen essentially as a form of ( visual ) turing test that artificial intelligence should strive to achieve . in this paper , we study a crucial component of this task : how can we design good datasets for the task ? we focus on the design of multiple - choice based datasets where the learner has to select the right answer from a set of ←
→ credal classification based on aode and compression coefficients ; bayesian model averaging ( bma ) is an approach to average over alternative models ; yet , it usually gets excessively concentrated around the single most probable model , therefore achieving only sub - optimal classification performance . the compression - based approach ( boulle , 2007 ) overcomes this problem , averaging over the different models by applying a logarithmic smoothing over the models ' posterior probabilities . this approach has shown excel ←
→ mdnet : a semantically and visually interpretable medical image diagnosis network ; the inability to interpret the model prediction in semantically and visually meaningful ways is a well - known shortcoming of most existing computer - aided diagnosis methods . in this paper , we propose mdnet to establish a direct multimodal mapping between medical images and diagnostic reports that can read images , generate diagnostic reports , retrieve images by symptom descriptions , and visualize attention , to provide justific ←
→ neutrality and many - valued logics ; in this book , we consider various many - valued logics : standard , linear , hyperbolic , parabolic , non - archimedean , p - adic , interval , neutrosophic , etc . we survey also results which show the tree different proof - theoretic frameworks for many - valued logics , e . g . frameworks of the following deductive calculi : hilbert ' s style , sequent , and hypersequent . we present a general way that allows to construct systematically analytic calculi for a large family of non - archimedean many - va ←
→" the sum of its parts ": joint learning of word and phrase representations with autoencoders ; recently , there has been a lot of effort to represent words in continuous vector spaces . those representations have been shown to capture both semantic and syntactic information about words . however , distributed representations of phrases remain a challenge . we introduce a novel model that jointly learns word vector representations and their summation . word representations are learnt using the word co - occurrence ←
→ semantic sentiment analysis of twitter data ; internet and the proliferation of smart mobile devices have changed the way information is created , shared , and spreads , e . g ., microblogs such as twitter , weblogs such as livejournal , social networks such as facebook , and instant messengers such as skype and whatsapp are now commonly used to share thoughts and opinions about anything in the surrounding world . this has resulted in the proliferation of social media content , thus creating new opportunities to study ←
→ predicting organic reaction outcomes with weisfeiler - lehman network ; the prediction of organic reaction outcomes is a fundamental problem in computational chemistry . since a reaction may involve hundreds of atoms , fully exploring the space of possible transformations is intractable . the current solution utilizes reaction templates to limit the space , but it suffers from coverage and efficiency issues . in this paper , we propose a template - free approach to efficiently explore the space of product molecules b ←
→ unsupervised domain discovery using latent dirichlet allocation for acoustic modelling in speech recognition ; speech recognition systems are often highly domain dependent , a fact widely reported in the literature . however the concept of domain is complex and not bound to clear criteria . hence it is often not evident if data should be considered to be out - of - domain . while both acoustic and language models can be domain specific , work in this paper concentrates on acoustic modelling . we present a novel met ←
→ de - identification of medical records using conditional random fields and long short - term memory networks ; the cegs n - grid 2016 shared task 1 in clinical natural language processing focuses on the de - identification of psychiatric evaluation records . this paper describes two participating systems of our team , based on conditional random fields ( crfs ) and long short - term memory networks ( lstms ). a pre - processing module was introduced for sentence detection and tokenization before de - identification . for crfs ←
→ object recognition by using multi - level feature point extraction ; in this paper , we present a novel approach for object recognition in real - time by employing multilevel feature analysis and demonstrate the practicality of adapting feature extraction into a naive bayesian classification framework that enables simple , efficient , and robust performance . we also show the proposed method scales well as the number of level - classes grows . to effectively understand the patches surrounding a keypoint , the trained c ←
→ learning reputation in an authorship network ; the problem of searching for experts in a given academic field is hugely important in both industry and academia . we study exactly this issue with respect to a database of authors and their publications . the idea is to use latent semantic indexing ( lsi ) and latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) to perform topic modelling in order to find authors who have worked in a query field . we then construct a coauthorship graph and motivate the use of influence maximisation a ←
→ numerical integration on graphs : where to sample and how to weigh ; let $ g =( v , e , w )$ be a finite , connected graph with weighted edges . we are interested in the problem of finding a subset $ w \ subset v $ of vertices and weights $ a_w $ such that $$ \ frac { 1 }{| v |}\ sum_ { v \ in v }^{}{ f ( v )} \ sim \ sum_ { w \ in w }{ a_w f ( w )}$$ for functions $ f : v \ rightarrow \ mathbb { r }$ that are ` smooth ' with respect to the geometry of the graph . the main application are problems where $ f $ is known to somehow depend on the underlying graph ←
→ persistent evidence of local image properties in generic convnets ; supervised training of a convolutional network for object classification should make explicit any information related to the class of objects and disregard any auxiliary information associated with the capture of the image or the variation within the object class . does this happen in practice ? although this seems to pertain to the very final layers in the network , if we look at earlier layers we find that this is not the case . surprisingly ,←
→ feature extraction for change - point detection using stationary subspace analysis ; detecting changes in high - dimensional time series is difficult because it involves the comparison of probability densities that need to be estimated from finite samples . in this paper , we present the first feature extraction method tailored to change point detection , which is based on an extended version of stationary subspace analysis . we reduce the dimensionality of the data to the most non - stationary directions , which ar ←
→ graph - structured multi - task regression and an efficient optimization method for general fused lasso ; we consider the problem of learning a structured multi - task regression , where the output consists of multiple responses that are related by a graph and the correlated response variables are dependent on the common inputs in a sparse but synergistic manner . previous methods such as l1 / l2 - regularized multi - task regression assume that all of the output variables are equally related to the inputs , although in ←
→ comparing approaches for mitigating intergroup variability in personality recognition ; personality have been found to predict many life outcomes , and there have been huge interests on automatic personality recognition from a speaker ' s utterance . previously , we achieved accuracies between 37 %- 44 % for three - way classification of high , medium or low for each of the big five personality traits ( openness to experience , conscientiousness , extraversion , agreeableness , neuroticism ). we show here that we can impr ←
→ generating simulations of motion events from verbal descriptions ; in this paper , we describe a computational model for motion events in natural language that maps from linguistic expressions , through a dynamic event interpretation , into three - dimensional temporal simulations in a model . starting with the model from ( pustejovsky and moszkowicz , 2011 ), we analyze motion events using temporally - traced labelled transition systems . we model the distinction between path - and manner - motion in an operational seman ←
→ modeling coverage for neural machine translation ; attention mechanism has enhanced state - of - the - art neural machine translation ( nmt ) by jointly learning to align and translate . it tends to ignore past alignment information , however , which often leads to over - translation and under - translation . to address this problem , we propose coverage - based nmt in this paper . we maintain a coverage vector to keep track of the attention history . the coverage vector is fed to the attention model to help adjust future atten ←
→ incremental adversarial domain adaptation for continually changing environments ; continuous appearance shifts such as changes in weather and lighting conditions can impact the performance of deployed machine learning models . while unsupervised domain adaptation aims to address this challenge , current approaches do not utilise the continuity of the occurring shifts . in particular , many robotics applications exhibit these conditions and thus facilitate the potential to incrementally adapt a learnt model ov ←
→ a multi - disciplinary review of knowledge acquisition methods : from human to autonomous eliciting agents ; this paper offers a multi - disciplinary review of knowledge acquisition methods in human activity systems . the review captures the degree of involvement of various types of agencies in the knowledge acquisition process , and proposes a classification with three categories of methods : the human agent , the human - inspired agent , and the autonomous machine agent methods . in the first two categories , the acq ←
→ brain - inspired photonic signal processor for periodic pattern generation and chaotic system emulation ; reservoir computing is a bio - inspired computing paradigm for processing time - dependent signals . its hardware implementations have received much attention because of their simplicity and remarkable performance on a series of benchmark tasks . in previous experiments the output was uncoupled from the system and in most cases simply computed offline on a post - processing computer . however , numerical investig ←
→ multi - view representation learning : a survey from shallow methods to deep methods ; recently , multi - view representation learning has become a rapidly growing direction in machine learning and data mining areas . this paper introduces several principles for multi - view representation learning : correlation , consensus , and complementarity principles . consequently , we first review the representative methods and theories of multi - view representation learning based on correlation principle , especially on canonica ←
→ a study of entanglement in a categorical framework of natural language ; in both quantum mechanics and corpus linguistics based on vector spaces , the notion of entanglement provides a means for the various subsystems to communicate with each other . in this paper we examine a number of implementations of the categorical framework of coecke , sadrzadeh and clark ( 2010 ) for natural language , from an entanglement perspective . specifically , our goal is to better understand in what way the level of entanglement of ←
→ anatomical pattern analysis for decoding visual stimuli in human brains ; background : a universal unanswered question in neuroscience and machine learning is whether computers can decode the patterns of the human brain . multi - voxels pattern analysis ( mvpa ) is a critical tool for addressing this question . however , there are two challenges in the previous mvpa methods , which include decreasing sparsity and noise in the extracted features and increasing the performance of prediction . methods : in overcoming m ←
→ integrating scene text and visual appearance for fine - grained image classification ; text in natural images contains rich semantics that are often highly relevant to objects or scene . in this paper , we focus on the problem of fully exploiting scene text for visual understanding . the main idea is combining word representations and deep visual features into a globally trainable deep convolutional neural network . first , the recognized words are obtained by a scene text reading system . then , we combine the wo ←
→ towards interpretable deep neural networks by leveraging adversarial examples ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have demonstrated impressive performance on a wide array of tasks , but they are usually considered opaque since internal structure and learned parameters are not interpretable . in this paper , we re - examine the internal representations of dnns using adversarial images , which are generated by an ensemble - optimization algorithm . we find that : ( 1 ) the neurons in dnns do not truly detect semantic objects ←
→ robust low - rank subspace segmentation with semidefinite guarantees ; recently there is a line of research work proposing to employ spectral clustering ( sc ) to segment ( group ){ throughout the paper , we use segmentation , clustering , and grouping , and their verb forms , interchangeably .} high - dimensional structural data such as those ( approximately ) lying on subspaces { we follow { liu2010robust } and use the term " subspace " to denote both linear subspaces and affine subspaces . there is a trivial conversion between ←
→ x - ray scattering image classification using deep learning ; visual inspection of x - ray scattering images is a powerful technique for probing the physical structure of materials at the molecular scale . in this paper , we explore the use of deep learning to develop methods for automatically analyzing x - ray scattering images . in particular , we apply convolutional neural networks and convolutional autoencoders for x - ray scattering image classification . to acquire enough training data for deep learning , we use si ←
→ discrete schroedinger transform for texture recognition ; this work presents a new procedure to extract features of grey - level texture images based on the discrete schroedinger transform . this is a non - linear transform where the image is mapped as the initial probability distribution of a wave function and such distribution evolves in time following the schroedinger equation from quantum mechanics . the features are provided by statistical moments of the distribution measured at different times . the proposed ←
→ the role of calculi in uncertain inference systems ; much of the controversy about methods for automated decision making has focused on specific calculi for combining beliefs or propagating uncertainty . we broaden the debate by ( 1 ) exploring the constellation of secondary tasks surrounding any primary decision problem , and ( 2 ) identifying knowledge engineering concerns that present additional representational tradeoffs . we argue on pragmatic grounds that the attempt to support all of these tasks within a si ←
→ exploring lexical , syntactic , and semantic features for chinese textual entailment in ntcir rite evaluation tasks ; we computed linguistic information at the lexical , syntactic , and semantic levels for recognizing inference in text ( rite ) tasks for both traditional and simplified chinese in ntcir - 9 and ntcir - 10 . techniques for syntactic parsing , named - entity recognition , and near synonym recognition were employed , and features like counts of common words , statement lengths , negation words , and antonyms we ←
→ deep gaussian processes ; in this paper we introduce deep gaussian process ( gp ) models . deep gps are a deep belief network based on gaussian process mappings . the data is modeled as the output of a multivariate gp . the inputs to that gaussian process are then governed by another gp . a single layer model is equivalent to a standard gp or the gp latent variable model ( gp - lvm ). we perform inference in the model by approximate variational marginalization . this results in a strict lower bound on the marginal lik ←
→ numerical replication of computer simulations : some pitfalls and how to avoid them ; a computer simulation , such as a genetic algorithm , that uses ieee standard floating - point arithmetic may not produce exactly the same results in two different runs , even if it is rerun on the same computer with the same input and random number seeds . researchers should not simply assume that the results from one run replicate those from another but should verify this by actually comparing the data . however , researchers w ←
→ learning where to attend like a human driver ; despite the advent of autonomous cars , it ' s likely - at least in the near future - that human attention will still maintain a central role as a guarantee in terms of legal responsibility during the driving task . in this paper we study the dynamics of the driver ' s gaze and use it as a proxy to understand related attentional mechanisms . first , we build our analysis upon two questions : where and what the driver is looking at ? second , we model the driver ' s gaze by ←
→ towards a computational theory of human daydreaming ; this paper examines the phenomenon of daydreaming : spontaneously recalling or imagining personal or vicarious experiences in the past or future . the following important roles of daydreaming in human cognition are postulated : plan preparation and rehearsal , learning from failures and successes , support for processes of creativity , emotion regulation , and motivation . a computational theory of daydreaming and its implementation as the program daydreamer a ←
→ image classification with rejection using contextual information ; we introduce a new supervised algorithm for image classification with rejection using multiscale contextual information . rejection is desired in image - classification applications that require a robust classifier but not the classification of the entire image . the proposed algorithm combines local and multiscale contextual information with rejection , improving the classification performance . as a probabilistic model for classification , we ado ←
→ riemannian stochastic variance reduced gradient on grassmann manifold ; stochastic variance reduction algorithms have recently become popular for minimizing the average of a large , but finite , number of loss functions . in this paper , we propose a novel riemannian extension of the euclidean stochastic variance reduced gradient algorithm ( r - svrg ) to a compact manifold search space . to this end , we show the developments on the grassmann manifold . the key challenges of averaging , addition , and subtraction of mu ←
→ planning graph heuristics for belief space search ; some recent works in conditional planning have proposed reachability heuristics to improve planner scalability , but many lack a formal description of the properties of their distance estimates . to place previous work in context and extend work on heuristics for conditional planning , we provide a formal basis for distance estimates between belief states . we give a definition for the distance between belief states that relies on aggregating underlying state ←
→ a geometric framework for convolutional neural networks ; in this paper , a geometric framework for neural networks is proposed . this framework uses the inner product space structure underlying the parameter set to perform gradient descent not in a component - based form , but in a coordinate - free manner . convolutional neural networks are described in this framework in a compact form , with the gradients of standard --- and higher - order --- loss functions calculated for each layer of the network . this approach c ←
→ deep neural programs for adaptive control in cyber - physical systems ; we introduce deep neural programs ( dnp ), a novel programming paradigm for writing adaptive controllers for cy - ber - physical systems ( cps ). dnp replace if and while statements , whose discontinuity is responsible for undecidability in cps analysis , intractability in cps design , and frailness in cps implementation , with their smooth , neural nif and nwhile counterparts . this not only makes cps analysis decidable and cps design tractable , but a ←
→ monocular visual odometry with a rolling shutter camera ; rolling shutter ( rs ) cameras have become popularized because of low - cost imaging capability . however , the rs cameras suffer from undesirable artifacts when the camera or the subject is moving , or illumination condition changes . for that reason , monocular visual odometry ( mvo ) with rs cameras produces inaccurate ego - motion estimates . previous works solve this rs distortion problem with motion prediction from images and / or inertial sensors . however , th ←
→ efficient learning of ensembles with quadboost ; we first present a general risk bound for ensembles that depends on the lp norm of the weighted combination of voters which can be selected from a continuous set . we then propose a boosting method , called quadboost , which is strongly supported by the general risk bound and has very simple rules for assigning the voters ' weights . moreover , quadboost exhibits a rate of decrease of its empirical error which is slightly faster than the one achieved by adaboost . t ←
→ speeding up latent variable gaussian graphical model estimation via nonconvex optimizations ; we study the estimation of the latent variable gaussian graphical model ( lvggm ), where the precision matrix is the superposition of a sparse matrix and a low - rank matrix . in order to speed up the estimation of the sparse plus low - rank components , we propose a sparsity constrained maximum likelihood estimator based on matrix factorization , and an efficient alternating gradient descent algorithm with hard threshold ←
→ efficient active algorithms for hierarchical clustering ; advances in sensing technologies and the growth of the internet have resulted in an explosion in the size of modern datasets , while storage and processing power continue to lag behind . this motivates the need for algorithms that are efficient , both in terms of the number of measurements needed and running time . to combat the challenges associated with large datasets , we propose a general framework for active hierarchical clustering that repeatedly ru ←
→ metapad : meta pattern discovery from massive text corpora ; mining textual patterns in news , tweets , papers , and many other kinds of text corpora has been an active theme in text mining and nlp research . previous studies adopt a dependency parsing - based pattern discovery approach . however , the parsing results lose rich context around entities in the patterns , and the process is costly for a corpus of large scale . in this study , we propose a novel typed textual pattern structure , called meta pattern , which i ←
→ principles and parameters : a coding theory perspective ; we propose an approach to longobardi ' s parametric comparison method ( pcm ) via the theory of error - correcting codes . one associates to a collection of languages to be analyzed with the pcm a binary ( or ternary ) code with one code words for each language in the family and each word consisting of the binary values of the syntactic parameters of the language , with the ternary case allowing for an additional parameter state that takes into account phenomen ←
→ large - scale image geo - localization using dominant sets ; this paper presents a new approach for the challenging problem of geo - locating an image using image matching in a structured database of city - wide reference images with known gps coordinates . we cast the geo - localization as a clustering problem on local image features . akin to existing approaches on the problem , our framework builds on low - level features which allow partial matching between images . for each local feature in the query image , we find it ←
→ probabilistic visual secret sharing schemes for gray - scale images and color images ; visual secrete sharing ( vss ) is an encryption technique that utilizes human visual system in the recovering of the secret image and it does not require any complex calculation . pixel expansion has been a major issue of vss schemes . a number of probabilistic vss schemes with minimum pixel expansion have been proposed for binary secret images . this paper presents a general probabilistic ( k , n )- vss scheme for gray - scale imag ←
→ face detection using adaboosted svm - based component classifier ; recently , adaboost has been widely used to improve the accuracy of any given learning algorithm . in this paper we focus on designing an algorithm to employ combination of adaboost with support vector machine as weak component classifiers to be used in face detection task . to obtain a set of effective svm - weaklearner classifier , this algorithm adaptively adjusts the kernel parameter in svm instead of using a fixed one . proposed combination outp ←
→ improving image restoration with soft - rounding ; several important classes of images such as text , barcode and pattern images have the property that pixels can only take a distinct subset of values . this knowledge can benefit the restoration of such images , but it has not been widely considered in current restoration methods . in this work , we describe an effective and efficient approach to incorporate the knowledge of distinct pixel values of the pristine images into the general regularized least squares re ←
→ on implementing usual values ; in many cases commonsense knowledge consists of knowledge of what is usual . in this paper we develop a system for reasoning with usual information . this system is based upon the fact that these pieces of commonsense information involve both a probabilistic aspect and a granular aspect . we implement this system with the aid of possibility - probability granules .←
→ dither is better than dropout for regularising deep neural networks ; regularisation of deep neural networks ( dnn ) during training is critical to performance . by far the most popular method is known as dropout . here , cast through the prism of signal processing theory , we compare and contrast the regularisation effects of dropout with those of dither . we illustrate some serious inherent limitations of dropout and demonstrate that dither provides a more effective regulariser .←
→ multi - robot informative path planning for active sensing of environmental phenomena : a tale of two algorithms ; a key problem of robotic environmental sensing and monitoring is that of active sensing : how can a team of robots plan the most informative observation paths to minimize the uncertainty in modeling and predicting an environmental phenomenon ? this paper presents two principled approaches to efficient information - theoretic path planning based on entropy and mutual information criteria for in situ ←
→ robust subspace recovery by tyler ' s m - estimator ; this paper considers the problem of robust subspace recovery : given a set of $ n $ points in $\ mathbb { r }^ d $, if many lie in a $ d $- dimensional subspace , then can we recover the underlying subspace ? we show that tyler ' s m - estimator can be used to recover the underlying subspace , if the percentage of the inliers is larger than $ d / d $ and the data points lie in general position . empirically , tyler ' s m - estimator compares favorably with other convex subspace recovery ←
→ fast greedy algorithm for subspace clustering from corrupted and incomplete data ; we describe the fast greedy sparse subspace clustering ( fgssc ) algorithm providing an efficient method for clustering data belonging to a few low - dimensional linear or affine subspaces . the main difference of our algorithm from predecessors is its ability to work with noisy data having a high rate of erasures ( missed entries with the known coordinates ) and errors ( corrupted entries with unknown coordinates ). we discuss here ←
→ k - sparse autoencoders ; recently , it has been observed that when representations are learnt in a way that encourages sparsity , improved performance is obtained on classification tasks . these methods involve combinations of activation functions , sampling steps and different kinds of penalties . to investigate the effectiveness of sparsity by itself , we propose the k - sparse autoencoder , which is an autoencoder with linear activation function , where in hidden layers only the k highest activities are kept . when ←
→ reducing the computational cost in multi - objective evolutionary algorithms by filtering worthless individuals ; the large number of exact fitness function evaluations makes evolutionary algorithms to have computational cost . in some real - world problems , reducing number of these evaluations is much more valuable even by increasing computational complexity and spending more time . to fulfill this target , we introduce an effective factor , in spite of applied factor in adaptive fuzzy fitness granulation with n ←
→ simultaneous recognition and pose estimation of instruments in minimally invasive surgery ; detection of surgical instruments plays a key role in ensuring patient safety in minimally invasive surgery . in this paper , we present a novel method for 2d vision - based recognition and pose estimation of surgical instruments that generalizes to different surgical applications . at its core , we propose a novel scene model in order to simultaneously recognize multiple instruments as well as their parts . we use a conv ←
→ tighter variational representations of f - divergences via restriction to probability measures ; we show that the variational representations for f - divergences currently used in the literature can be tightened . this has implications to a number of methods recently proposed based on this representation . as an example application we use our tighter representation to derive a general f - divergence estimator based on two i . i . d . samples and derive the dual program for this estimator that performs well empirically ←
→ non - monotonic spatial reasoning with answer set programming modulo theories ; the systematic modelling of dynamic spatial systems is a key requirement in a wide range of application areas such as commonsense cognitive robotics , computer - aided architecture design , and dynamic geographic information systems . we present aspmt ( qs ), a novel approach and fully - implemented prototype for non - monotonic spatial reasoning - a crucial requirement within dynamic spatial systems - based on answer set programming modulo t ←
→ personalized cinemagraphs using semantic understanding and collaborative learning ; cinemagraphs are a compelling way to convey dynamic aspects of a scene . in these media , dynamic and still elements are juxtaposed to create an artistic and narrative experience . creating a high - quality , aesthetically pleasing cinemagraph requires isolating objects in a semantically meaningful way and then selecting good start times and looping periods for those objects to minimize visual artifacts ( such a tearing ). to achi ←
→ bridging between computer and robot vision through data augmentation : a case study on object recognition ; despite the impressive progress brought by deep network in visual object recognition , robot vision is still far from being a solved problem . the most successful convolutional architectures are developed starting from imagenet , a large scale collection of images of object categories downloaded from the web . this kind of images is very different from the situated and embodied visual experience of robot ←
→ practical recommendations for gradient - based training of deep architectures ; learning algorithms related to artificial neural networks and in particular for deep learning may seem to involve many bells and whistles , called hyper - parameters . this chapter is meant as a practical guide with recommendations for some of the most commonly used hyper - parameters , in particular in the context of learning algorithms based on back - propagated gradient and gradient - based optimization . it also discusses how to deal wi ←
→ embedded binarized neural networks ; we study embedded binarized neural networks ( ebnns ) with the aim of allowing current binarized neural networks ( bnns ) in the literature to perform feedforward inference efficiently on small embedded devices . we focus on minimizing the required memory footprint , given that these devices often have memory as small as tens of kilobytes ( kb ). beyond minimizing the memory required to store weights , as in a bnn , we show that it is essential to minimize the memory used for temp ←
→ reading dependencies from polytree - like bayesian networks ; we present a graphical criterion for reading dependencies from the minimal directed independence map g of a graphoid p when g is a polytree and p satisfies composition and weak transitivity . we prove that the criterion is sound and complete . we argue that assuming composition and weak transitivity is not too restrictive .←
→ fractional max - pooling ; convolutional networks almost always incorporate some form of spatial pooling , and very often it is alpha times alpha max - pooling with alpha = 2 . max - pooling act on the hidden layers of the network , reducing their size by an integer multiplicative factor alpha . the amazing by - product of discarding 75 % of your data is that you build into the network a degree of invariance with respect to translations and elastic distortions . however , if you simply alternate convolutional layers with ma ←
→ generative temporal models with memory ; we consider the general problem of modeling temporal data with long - range dependencies , wherein new observations are fully or partially predictable based on temporally - distant , past observations . a sufficiently powerful temporal model should separate predictable elements of the sequence from unpredictable elements , express uncertainty about those unpredictable elements , and rapidly identify novel elements that may help to predict the future . to create such models , we ←
→ l1 - norm kernel pca ; we present the first model and algorithm for l1 - norm kernel pca . while l2 - norm kernel pca has been widely studied , there has been no work on l1 - norm kernel pca . for this non - convex and non - smooth problem , we offer geometric understandings through reformulations and present an efficient algorithm where the kernel trick is applicable . to attest the efficiency of the algorithm , we provide a convergence analysis including linear rate of convergence . moreover , we prove that the output of our ←
→ binary paragraph vectors ; recently le & mikolov described two log - linear models , called paragraph vector , that can be used to learn state - of - the - art distributed representations of documents . inspired by this work , we present binary paragraph vector models : simple neural networks that learn short binary codes for fast information retrieval . we show that binary paragraph vectors outperform autoencoder - based binary codes , despite using fewer bits . we also evaluate their precision in transfer learning settings ←
→ semantic autoencoder for zero - shot learning ; existing zero - shot learning ( zsl ) models typically learn a projection function from a feature space to a semantic embedding space ( e . g .~ attribute space ). however , such a projection function is only concerned with predicting the training seen class semantic representation ( e . g .~ attribute prediction ) or classification . when applied to test data , which in the context of zsl contains different ( unseen ) classes without training data , a zsl model typically suffers fro ←
→ an approach to reducing annotation costs for bionlp ; there is a broad range of bionlp tasks for which active learning ( al ) can significantly reduce annotation costs and a specific al algorithm we have developed is particularly effective in reducing annotation costs for these tasks . we have previously developed an al algorithm called closestinitpa that works best with tasks that have the following characteristics : redundancy in training material , burdensome annotation costs , support vector machines ( svms ) w ←
→ multidimensional digital smoothing filters for target detection ; recursive , causal and non - causal , multidimensional digital filters , with infinite impulse responses and maximally flat magnitude and delay responses in the low - frequency region , are designed to negate correlated clutter and interference in the background and to accumulate power due to dim targets in the foreground of a surveillance sensor . expressions relating mean impulse - response duration , frequency selectivity and group delay , to low - order ←
→ leveraging the power of gabor phase for face identification : a block matching approach ; different from face verification , face identification is much more demanding . to reach comparable performance , an identifier needs to be roughly n times better than a verifier . to expect a breakthrough in face identification , we need a fresh look at the fundamental building blocks of face recognition . in this paper we focus on the selection of a suitable signal representation and better matching strategy for face iden ←
→ cognitive residues of similarity ; what are the cognitive after - effects of making a similarity judgement ? what , cognitively , is left behind and what effect might these residues have on subsequent processing ? in this paper , we probe for such after - effects using a visual search task , performed after a task in which pictures of real - world objects were compared . so , target objects were first presented in a comparison task ( e . g ., rate the similarity of this object to another ) thus , presumably , modifying some of ←
→ eventnet : a large scale structured concept library for complex event detection in video ; event - specific concepts are the semantic concepts designed for the events of interest , which can be used as a mid - level representation of complex events in videos . existing methods only focus on defining event - specific concepts for a small number of predefined events , but cannot handle novel unseen events . this motivates us to build a large scale event - specific concept library that covers as many real - world events an ←
→ parsing turkish with the lexical functional grammar formalism ; this paper describes our work on parsing turkish using the lexical - functional grammar formalism . this work represents the first significant effort for parsing turkish . our implementation is based on tomita ' s parser developed at carnegie - mellon university center for machine translation . the grammar covers a substantial subset of turkish including simple and complex sentences , and deals with a reasonable amount of word order freeness . the complex ←
→ empirical normalization for quadratic discriminant analysis and classifying cancer subtypes ; we introduce a new discriminant analysis method ( empirical discriminant analysis or eda ) for binary classification in machine learning . given a dataset of feature vectors , this method defines an empirical feature map transforming the training and test data into new data with components having gaussian empirical distributions . this map is an empirical version of the gaussian copula used in probability and mathemat ←
→ feature learning from spectrograms for assessment of personality traits ; several methods have recently been proposed to analyze speech and automatically infer the personality of the speaker . these methods often rely on prosodic and other hand crafted speech processing features extracted with off - the - shelf toolboxes . to achieve high accuracy , numerous features are typically extracted using complex and highly parameterized algorithms . in this paper , a new method based on feature learning and spectrogram anal ←
→ a new framework for distributed submodular maximization ; a wide variety of problems in machine learning , including exemplar clustering , document summarization , and sensor placement , can be cast as constrained submodular maximization problems . a lot of recent effort has been devoted to developing distributed algorithms for these problems . however , these results suffer from high number of rounds , suboptimal approximation ratios , or both . we develop a framework for bringing existing algorithms in the sequenti ←
→ pronouncur : an urdu pronunciation lexicon generator ; state - of - the - art speech recognition systems rely heavily on three basic components : an acoustic model , a pronunciation lexicon and a language model . to build these components , a researcher needs linguistic as well as technical expertise , which is a barrier in low - resource domains . techniques to construct these three components without having expert domain knowledge are in great demand . urdu , despite having millions of speakers all over the world , is a lo ←
→ additive covariance kernels for high - dimensional gaussian process modeling ; gaussian process models - also called kriging models - are often used as mathematical approximations of expensive experiments . however , the number of observation required for building an emulator becomes unrealistic when using classical covariance kernels when the dimension of input increases . in oder to get round the curse of dimensionality , a popular approach is to consider simplified models such as additive models . the ambition ←
→ order of magnitude comparisons of distance ; order of magnitude reasoning - reasoning by rough comparisons of the sizes of quantities - is often called ' back of the envelope calculation ', with the implication that the calculations are quick though approximate . this paper exhibits an interesting class of constraint sets in which order of magnitude reasoning is demonstrably fast . specifically , we present a polynomial - time algorithm that can solve a set of constraints of the form ' points a and b are much close ←
→ a reinforcement learning approach to weaning of mechanical ventilation in intensive care units ; the management of invasive mechanical ventilation , and the regulation of sedation and analgesia during ventilation , constitutes a major part of the care of patients admitted to intensive care units . both prolonged dependence on mechanical ventilation and premature extubation are associated with increased risk of complications and higher hospital costs , but clinical opinion on the best protocol for weaning pati ←
→ decentralized constraint satisfaction ; we show that several important resource allocation problems in wireless networks fit within the common framework of constraint satisfaction problems ( csps ). inspired by the requirements of these applications , where variables are located at distinct network devices that may not be able to communicate but may interfere , we define natural criteria that a csp solver must possess in order to be practical . we term these algorithms decentralized csp solvers . the best known c ←
→ infinite tucker decomposition : nonparametric bayesian models for multiway data analysis ; tensor decomposition is a powerful computational tool for multiway data analysis . many popular tensor decomposition approaches --- such as the tucker decomposition and candecomp / parafac ( cp )--- amount to multi - linear factorization . they are insufficient to model ( i ) complex interactions between data entities , ( ii ) various data types ( e . g . missing data and binary data ), and ( iii ) noisy observations and outliers . to addre ←
→ eigen - distortions of hierarchical representations ; we develop a method for comparing hierarchical image representations in terms of their ability to explain perceptual sensitivity in humans . specifically , we utilize fisher information to establish a model - derived prediction of sensitivity to local perturbations of an image . for a given image , we compute the eigenvectors of the fisher information matrix with largest and smallest eigenvalues , corresponding to the model - predicted most - and least - noticeable im ←
→ toward a taxonomy and computational models of abnormalities in images ; the human visual system can spot an abnormal image , and reason about what makes it strange . this task has not received enough attention in computer vision . in this paper we study various types of atypicalities in images in a more comprehensive way than has been done before . we propose a new dataset of abnormal images showing a wide range of atypicalities . we design human subject experiments to discover a coarse taxonomy of the reasons f ←
→ teacher - student curriculum learning ; we propose teacher - student curriculum learning ( tscl ), a framework for automatic curriculum learning , where the student tries to learn a complex task and the teacher automatically chooses subtasks from a given set for the student to train on . we describe a family of teacher algorithms that rely on the intuition that the student should practice more those tasks on which it makes the fastest progress , i . e . where the slope of the learning curve is highest . in addition , the ←
→ deep learning in the automotive industry : applications and tools ; deep learning refers to a set of machine learning techniques that utilize neural networks with many hidden layers for tasks , such as image classification , speech recognition , language understanding . deep learning has been proven to be very effective in these domains and is pervasively used by many internet services . in this paper , we describe different automotive uses cases for deep learning in particular in the domain of computer vision . we ←
→ cloudscan - a configuration - free invoice analysis system using recurrent neural networks ; we present cloudscan ; an invoice analysis system that requires zero configuration or upfront annotation . in contrast to previous work , cloudscan does not rely on templates of invoice layout , instead it learns a single global model of invoices that naturally generalizes to unseen invoice layouts . the model is trained using data automatically extracted from end - user provided feedback . this automatic training data extr ←
→ information theoretic limits for linear prediction with graph - structured sparsity ; we analyze the necessary number of samples for sparse vector recovery in a noisy linear prediction setup . this model includes problems such as linear regression and classification . we focus on structured graph models . in particular , we prove that sufficient number of samples for the weighted graph model proposed by hegde and others is also necessary . we use the fano ' s inequality on well constructed ensembles as our main to ←
→ a framework for the volumetric integration of depth images ; volumetric models have become a popular representation for 3d scenes in recent years . one of the breakthroughs leading to their popularity was kinectfusion , where the focus is on 3d reconstruction using rgb - d sensors . however , monocular slam has since also been tackled with very similar approaches . representing the reconstruction volumetrically as a truncated signed distance function leads to most of the simplicity and efficiency that can be achie ←
→ a pointillism approach for natural language processing of social media ; the chinese language poses challenges for natural language processing based on the unit of a word even for formal uses of the chinese language , social media only makes word segmentation in chinese even more difficult . in this document we propose a pointillism approach to natural language processing . rather than words that have individual meanings , the basic unit of a pointillism approach is trigrams of characters . these grams take on m ←
→ conversation as action under uncertainty ; conversations abound with uncetainties of various kinds . treating conversation as inference and decision making under uncertainty , we propose a task independent , multimodal architecture for supporting robust continuous spoken dialog called quartet . we introduce four interdependent levels of analysis , and describe representations , inference procedures , and decision strategies for managing uncertainties within and between the levels . we highlight the approach by revi ←
→ complex - valued gaussian processes for regression ; in this paper we propose a novel bayesian solution for nonlinear regression in complex fields . previous solutions for kernels methods usually assume a complexification approach , where the real - valued kernel is replaced by a complex - valued one . this approach is limited . based on results in complex - valued linear theory and gaussian random processes we show that a pseudo - kernel must be included . this is the starting point to develop the new complex - valued form ←
→ brains and pseudorandom generators ; in a pioneering classic , warren mcculloch and walter pitts proposed a model of the central nervous system ; motivated by eeg recordings of normal brain activity , chv \' atal and goldsmith asked whether or not this model can be engineered to provide pseudorandom number generators . we supply evidence suggesting that the answer is negative .←
→ a convolutional encoder model for neural machine translation ; the prevalent approach to neural machine translation relies on bi - directional lstms to encode the source sentence . in this paper we present a faster and simpler architecture based on a succession of convolutional layers . this allows to encode the entire source sentence simultaneously compared to recurrent networks for which computation is constrained by temporal dependencies . on wmt ' 16 english - romanian translation we achieve competitive accuracy ←
→ mastering the dungeon : grounded language learning by mechanical turker descent ; contrary to most natural language processing research , which makes use of static datasets , humans learn language interactively , grounded in an environment . in this work we propose an interactive learning procedure called mechanical turker descent ( mtd ) and use it to train agents to execute natural language commands grounded in a fantasy text adventure game . in mtd , turkers compete to train better agents in the short term , and ←
→ imagining probabilistic belief change as imaging ( technical report ) ; imaging is a form of probabilistic belief change which could be employed for both revision and update . in this paper , we propose a new framework for probabilistic belief change based on imaging , called expected distance imaging ( edi ). edi is sufficiently general to define bayesian conditioning and other forms of imaging previously defined in the literature . we argue that , and investigate how , edi can be used for both revision and update . ←
→ enhanced multiobjective evolutionary algorithm based on decomposition for solving the unit commitment problem ; the unit commitment ( uc ) problem is a nonlinear , high - dimensional , highly constrained , mixed - integer power system optimization problem and is generally solved in the literature considering minimizing the system operation cost as the only objective . however , due to increasing environmental concerns , the recent attention has shifted to incorporating emission in the problem formulation . in this pap ←
→ multi - target tracking algorithms in 3d ; ladars provide a unique capability for identification of objects and motions in scenes with fixed 3d field of view ( fov ). this paper describes algorithms for multi - target tracking in 3d scenes including the preprocessing ( mathematical morphology and parzen windows ), labeling of connected components , sorting of targets by selectable attributes ( size , length of track , velocity ), and handling of target states ( acquired , coasting , re - acquired and tracked ) in order to ass ←
→ alternating optimisation and quadrature for robust control ; bayesian optimisation has been successfully applied to a variety of reinforcement learning problems . however , the traditional approach for learning optimal policies in simulators does not utilise the opportunity to improve learning by adjusting certain environment variables : state features that are unobservable and randomly determined by the environment in a physical setting but are controllable in a simulator . this paper considers the problem of ←
→ geometric enclosing networks ; training model to generate data has increasingly attracted research attention and become important in modern world applications . we propose in this paper a new geometry - based optimization approach to address this problem . orthogonal to current state - of - the - art density - based approaches , most notably vae and gan , we present a fresh new idea that borrows the principle of minimal enclosing ball to train a generator g \ left (\ bz \ right ) in such a way that both training and generated d ←
→ a scalable , lexicon based technique for sentiment analysis ; rapid increase in the volume of sentiment rich social media on the web has resulted in an increased interest among researchers regarding sentimental analysis and opinion mining . however , with so much social media available on the web , sentiment analysis is now considered as a big data task . hence the conventional sentiment analysis approaches fails to efficiently handle the vast amount of sentiment data available now a days . the main focus of the ←
→ adaptive deep pyramid matching for remote sensing scene classification ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have attracted increasing attention in the remote sensing community . most cnns only take the last fully - connected layers as features for the classification of remotely sensed images , discarding the other convolutional layer features which may also be helpful for classification purposes . in this paper , we propose a new adaptive deep pyramid matching ( adpm ) model that takes advantage of the features f ←
→ body joint guided 3d deep convolutional descriptors for action recognition ; three dimensional convolutional neural networks ( 3d cnns ) have been established as a powerful tool to simultaneously learn features from both spatial and temporal dimensions , which is suitable to be applied to video - based action recognition . in this work , we propose not to directly use the activations of fully - connected layers of a 3d cnn as the video feature , but to use selective convolutional layer activations to form a discrim ←
→ polyhierarchical classifications induced by criteria polyhierarchies , and taxonomy algebra ; a new approach to the construction of general persistent polyhierarchical classifications is proposed . it is based on implicit description of category polyhierarchy by a generating polyhierarchy of classification criteria . similarly to existing approaches , the classification categories are defined by logical functions encoded by attributive expressions . however , the generating hierarchy explicitly predefines domai ←
→ quantum pomdps ; we present quantum observable markov decision processes ( qomdps ), the quantum analogues of partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ). in a qomdp , an agent ' s state is represented as a quantum state and the agent can choose a superoperator to apply . this is similar to the pomdp belief state , which is a probability distribution over world states and evolves via a stochastic matrix . we show that the existence of a policy of at least a certain value has the same complexity for qomd ←
→ a preliminary study on the learning informativeness of data subsets ; estimating the internal state of a robotic system is complex : this is performed from multiple heterogeneous sensor inputs and knowledge sources . discretization of such inputs is done to capture saliences , represented as symbolic information , which often presents structure and recurrence . as these sequences are used to reason over complex scenarios , a more compact representation would aid exactness of technical cognitive reasoning capabili ←
→ multi - step stochastic admm in high dimensions : applications to sparse optimization and noisy matrix decomposition ; we propose an efficient admm method with guarantees for high - dimensional problems . we provide explicit bounds for the sparse optimization problem and the noisy matrix decomposition problem . for sparse optimization , we establish that the modified admm method has an optimal convergence rate of $\ mathcal { o }( s \ log d / t )$, where $ s $ is the sparsity level , $ d $ is the data dimension and $ t $ is the n ←
→ an enhanced features extractor for a portfolio of constraint solvers ; recent research has shown that a single arbitrarily efficient solver can be significantly outperformed by a portfolio of possibly slower on - average solvers . the solver selection is usually done by means of ( un ) supervised learning techniques which exploit features extracted from the problem specification . in this paper we present an useful and flexible framework that is able to extract an extensive set of features from a constraint ( satis ←
→ ask your neurons : a deep learning approach to visual question answering ; we address a question answering task on real - world images that is set up as a visual turing test . by combining latest advances in image representation and natural language processing , we propose ask your neurons , a scalable , jointly trained , end - to - end formulation to this problem . in contrast to previous efforts , we are facing a multi - modal problem where the language output ( answer ) is conditioned on visual and natural language inpu ←
→ word forms - not just their lengths - are optimized for efficient communication ; the inverse relationship between the length of a word and the frequency of its use , first identified by g . k . zipf in 1935 , is a classic empirical law that holds across a wide range of human languages . we demonstrate that length is one aspect of a much more general property of words : how distinctive they are with respect to other words in a language . distinctiveness plays a critical role in recognizing words in fluent speech , ←
→ non - local graph - based prediction for reversible data hiding in images ; reversible data hiding ( rdh ) is desirable in applications where both the hidden message and the cover medium need to be recovered without loss . among many rdh approaches is prediction - error expansion ( pee ), containing two steps : i ) prediction of a target pixel value , and ii ) embedding according to the value of prediction - error . in general , higher prediction performance leads to larger embedding capacity and / or lower signal distortion . l ←
→ on the relationship between the posterior and optimal similarity ; for a classification problem described by the joint density $ p (\ omega , x )$, models of $ p (\ omega \ eq \ omega '| x , x ')$ ( the `` bayesian similarity measure '') have been shown to be an optimal similarity measure for nearest neighbor classification . this paper analyzes demonstrates several additional properties of that conditional distribution . the paper first shows that we can reconstruct , up to class labels , the class posterior distribution $ p (\ omega ←
→ second international nurse rostering competition ( inrc - ii ) --- problem description and rules --- ; in this paper , we provide all information to participate to the second international nurse rostering competition ( inrc - ii ). first , we describe the problem formulation , which , differently from inrc - i , is a multi - stage procedure . second , we illustrate all the necessary infrastructure do be used together with the participant ' s solver , including the testbed , the file formats , and the validation / simulation tools .←
→ sentiment analysis for twitter : going beyond tweet text ; analysing sentiment of tweets is important as it helps to determine the users ' opinion . knowing people ' s opinion is crucial for several purposes starting from gathering knowledge about customer base , e - governance , campaigning and many more . in this report , we aim to develop a system to detect the sentiment from tweets . we employ several linguistic features along with some other external sources of information to detect the sentiment of a tweet . we s ←
→ advances in all - neural speech recognition ; this paper advances the design of ctc - based all - neural ( or end - to - end ) speech recognizers . we propose a novel symbol inventory , and a novel iterated - ctc method in which a second system is used to transform a noisy initial output into a cleaner version . we present a number of stabilization and initialization methods we have found useful in training these networks . we evaluate our system on the commonly used nist 2000 conversational telephony test set , and significa ←
→ trex : a tomography reconstruction proximal framework for robust sparse view x - ray applications ; we present trex , a flexible and robust tomographic reconstruction framework using proximal algorithms . we provide an overview and perform an experimental comparison between the famous iterative reconstruction methods in terms of reconstruction quality in sparse view situations . we then derive the proximal operators for the four best methods . we show the flexibility of our framework by deriving solvers for two ←
→ a joint identification approach for argumentative writing revisions ; prior work on revision identification typically uses a pipeline method : revision extraction is first conducted to identify the locations of revisions and revision classification is then conducted on the identified revisions . such a setting propagates the errors of the revision extraction step to the revision classification step . this paper proposes an approach that identifies the revision location and the revision type jointly to solve th ←
→ dimensionality reduction for acoustic vehicle classification with spectral embedding ; we propose a method for recognizing moving vehicles , using data from roadside audio sensors . this problem has applications ranging widely , from traffic analysis to surveillance . we extract a frequency signature from the audio signal using a short - time fourier transform , and treat each time window as an individual data point to be classified . by applying a spectral embedding , we decrease the dimensionality of the data su ←
→ multi - agent diverse generative adversarial networks ; we propose an intuitive generalization to the generative adversarial networks ( gans ) and its conditional variants to address the well known mode collapse problem . firstly , we propose a multi - agent gan architecture incorporating multiple generators and one discriminator . secondly , to enforce different generators to capture diverse high probability modes , we modify discriminator ' s objective function where along with finding the real and fake samples , the d ←
→ a survey on semi - supervised learning techniques ; semisupervised learning is a learning standard which deals with the study of how computers and natural systems such as human beings acquire knowledge in the presence of both labeled and unlabeled data . semisupervised learning based methods are preferred when compared to the supervised and unsupervised learning because of the improved performance shown by the semisupervised approaches in the presence of large volumes of data . labels are very hard to attain wh ←
→ a reverse hex solver ; we present solrex , an automated solver for the game of reverse hex . reverse hex , also known as rex , or misere hex , is the variant of the game of hex in which the player who joins her two sides loses the game . solrex performs a mini - max search of the state space using scalable parallel depth first proof number search , enhanced by the pruning of inferior moves and the early detection of certain winning strategies . solrex is implemented on the same code base as the hex program solver , and ←
→ large scale novel object discovery in 3d ; we present a method for discovering never - seen - before objects in 3d point clouds obtained from sensors like microsoft kinect . we generate supervoxels directly from the point cloud data and use them with a siamese network , built on a recently proposed 3d convolutional neural network architecture . we use known objects to train a non - linear embedding of supervoxels , by optimizing the criteria that supervoxels which fall on the same object should be closer than those w ←
→ new worst - case upper bound for # xsat ; an algorithm running in o ( 1 . 1995n ) is presented for counting models for exact satisfiability formulae (# xsat ). this is faster than the previously best algorithm which runs in o ( 1 . 2190n ). in order to improve the efficiency of the algorithm , a new principle , i . e . the common literals principle , is addressed to simplify formulae . this allows us to eliminate more common literals . in addition , we firstly inject the resolution principles into solving # xsat problem , and therefo ←
→ the effect of social learning on individual learning and evolution ; we consider the effects of social learning on the individual learning and genetic evolution of a colony of artificial agents capable of genetic , individual and social modes of adaptation . we confirm that there is strong selection pressure to acquire traits of individual learning and social learning when these are adaptive traits . we show that selection pressure for learning of either kind can supress selection pressure for reproduction or ←
→ class - prior estimation for learning from positive and unlabeled data ; we consider the problem of estimating the class prior in an unlabeled dataset . under the assumption that an additional labeled dataset is available , the class prior can be estimated by fitting a mixture of class - wise data distributions to the unlabeled data distribution . however , in practice , such an additional labeled dataset is often not available . in this paper , we show that , with additional samples coming only from the positive class ←
→ tulipa : towards a multi - formalism parsing environment for grammar engineering ; in this paper , we present an open - source parsing environment ( tuebingen linguistic parsing architecture , tulipa ) which uses range concatenation grammar ( rcg ) as a pivot formalism , thus opening the way to the parsing of several mildly context - sensitive formalisms . this environment currently supports tree - based grammars ( namely tree - adjoining grammars , tag ) and multi - component tree - adjoining grammars with tree tuples ( tt - mctag ))←
→ global optimization for value function approximation ; existing value function approximation methods have been successfully used in many applications , but they often lack useful a priori error bounds . we propose a new approximate bilinear programming formulation of value function approximation , which employs global optimization . the formulation provides strong a priori guarantees on both robust and expected policy loss by minimizing specific norms of the bellman residual . solving a bilinear program optimall ←
→ people counting in high density crowds from still images ; we present a method of estimating the number of people in high density crowds from still images . the method estimates counts by fusing information from multiple sources . most of the existing work on crowd counting deals with very small crowds ( tens of individuals ) and use temporal information from videos . our method uses only still images to estimate the counts in high density images ( hundreds to thousands of individuals ). at this scale , we cannot r ←
→ what ' s mine is yours : pretrained cnns for limited training sonar atr ; finding mines in sonar imagery is a significant problem with a great deal of relevance for seafaring military and commercial endeavors . unfortunately , the lack of enormous sonar image data sets has prevented automatic target recognition ( atr ) algorithms from some of the same advances seen in other computer vision fields . namely , the boom in convolutional neural nets ( cnns ) which have been able to achieve incredible results - even surpass ←
→ the state of the art in integrating machine learning into visual analytics ; visual analytics systems combine machine learning or other analytic techniques with interactive data visualization to promote sensemaking and analytical reasoning . it is through such techniques that people can make sense of large , complex data . while progress has been made , the tactful combination of machine learning and data visualization is still under - explored . this state - of - the - art report presents a summary of the progress th ←
→ pku - mmd : a large scale benchmark for continuous multi - modal human action understanding ; despite the fact that many 3d human activity benchmarks being proposed , most existing action datasets focus on the action recognition tasks for the segmented videos . there is a lack of standard large - scale benchmarks , especially for current popular data - hungry deep learning based methods . in this paper , we introduce a new large scale benchmark ( pku - mmd ) for continuous multi - modality 3d human action understanding and c ←
→ sensing subjective well - being from social media ; subjective well - being ( swb ), which refers to how people experience the quality of their lives , is of great use to public policy - makers as well as economic , sociological research , etc . traditionally , the measurement of swb relies on time - consuming and costly self - report questionnaires . nowadays , people are motivated to share their experiences and feelings on social media , so we propose to sense swb from the vast user generated data on social media . by utilizin ←
→ a pca - based convolutional network ; in this paper , we propose a novel unsupervised deep learning model , called pca - based convolutional network ( pcn ). the architecture of pcn is composed of several feature extraction stages and a nonlinear output stage . particularly , each feature extraction stage includes two layers : a convolutional layer and a feature pooling layer . in the convolutional layer , the filter banks are simply learned by pca . in the nonlinear output stage , binary hashing is applied . for the highe ←
→ on symmetric and asymmetric lshs for inner product search ; we consider the problem of designing locality sensitive hashes ( lsh ) for inner product similarity , and of the power of asymmetric hashes in this context . shrivastava and li argue that there is no symmetric lsh for the problem and propose an asymmetric lsh based on different mappings for query and database points . however , we show there does exist a simple symmetric lsh that enjoys stronger guarantees and better empirical performance than the asymme ←
→ learning to play guess who ? and inventing a grounded language as a consequence ; acquiring your first language is an incredible feat and not easily duplicated . learning to communicate using nothing but a few pictureless books , a corpus , would likely be impossible even for humans . nevertheless , this is the dominating approach in most natural language processing today . as an alternative , we propose the use of situated interactions between agents as a driving force for communication , and the framework of dee ←
→ a convolutional approach to reflection symmetry ; we present a convolutional approach to reflection symmetry detection in 2d . our model , built on the products of complex - valued wavelet convolutions , simplifies previous edge - based pairwise methods . being parameter - centered , as opposed to feature - centered , it has certain computational advantages when the object sizes are known a priori , as demonstrated in an ellipse detection application . the method outperforms the best - performing algorithm on the cvpr 2013 s ←
→ sublinear - time approximate mcmc transitions for probabilistic programs ; probabilistic programming languages can simplify the development of machine learning techniques , but only if inference is sufficiently scalable . unfortunately , bayesian parameter estimation for highly coupled models such as regressions and state - space models still scales poorly ; each mcmc transition takes linear time in the number of observations . this paper describes a sublinear - time algorithm for making metropolis - hastings ( mh ) updat ←
→ software effort estimation with ridge regression and evolutionary attribute selection ; software cost estimation is one of the prerequisite managerial activities carried out at the software development initiation stages and also repeated throughout the whole software life - cycle so that amendments to the total cost are made . in software cost estimation typically , a selection of project attributes is employed to produce effort estimations of the expected human resources to deliver a software product . howeve ←
→ towards a self - organized agent - based simulation model for exploration of human synaptic connections ; in this paper , the early design of our self - organized agent - based simulation model for exploration of synaptic connections that faithfully generates what is observed in natural situation is given . while we take inspiration from neuroscience , our intent is not to create a veridical model of processes in neurodevelopmental biology , nor to represent a real biological system . instead , our goal is to design a ←
→ on design and implementation of the distributed modular audio recognition framework : requirements and specification design document ; we present the requirements and design specification of the open - source distributed modular audio recognition framework ( dmarf ), a distributed extension of marf . the distributed version aggregates a number of distributed technologies ( e . g . java rmi , corba , web services ) in a pluggable and modular model along with the provision of advanced distributed systems algorithms . we ←
→ improvement / extension of modular systems as combinatorial reengineering ( survey ) ; the paper describes development ( improvement / extension ) approaches for composite ( modular ) systems ( as combinatorial reengineering ). the following system improvement / extension actions are considered : ( a ) improvement of systems component ( s ) ( e . g ., improvement of a system component , replacement of a system component ); ( b ) improvement of system component interconnection ( compatibility ); ( c ) joint improvement improvement of sys ←
→ automatic aggregation by joint modeling of aspects and values ; we present a model for aggregation of product review snippets by joint aspect identification and sentiment analysis . our model simultaneously identifies an underlying set of ratable aspects presented in the reviews of a product ( e . g ., sushi and miso for a japanese restaurant ) and determines the corresponding sentiment of each aspect . this approach directly enables discovery of highly - rated or inconsistent aspects of a product . our generative mo ←
→ rain removal via shrinkage - based sparse coding and learned rain dictionary ; this paper introduces a new rain removal model based on the shrinkage of the sparse codes for a single image . recently , dictionary learning and sparse coding have been widely used for image restoration problems . these methods can also be applied to the rain removal by learning two types of rain and non - rain dictionaries and forcing the sparse codes of the rain dictionary to be zero vectors . however , this approach can generate unw ←
→ learning to detect and localize many objects from few examples ; the current trend in object detection and localization is to learn predictions with high capacity deep neural networks trained on a very large amount of annotated data and using a high amount of processing power . in this work , we propose a new neural model which directly predicts bounding box coordinates . the particularity of our contribution lies in the local computations of predictions with a new form of local parameter sharing which keeps t ←
→ optimization of ofdm radar waveforms using genetic algorithms ; in this paper , we present our investigations on the use of single objective and multiobjective genetic algorithms based optimisation algorithms to improve the design of ofdm pulses for radar . we discuss these optimization procedures in the scope of a waveform design intended for two different radar processing solutions . lastly , we show how the encoding solution is suited to permit the optimizations of waveform for ofdm radar related challenges ←
→ surprise : youve got some explaining to do ; why are some events more surprising than others ? we propose that events that are more difficult to explain are those that are more surprising . the two experiments reported here test the impact of different event outcomes ( outcome - type ) and task demands ( task ) on ratings of surprise for simple story scenarios . for the outcome - type variable , participants saw outcomes that were either known or less - known surprising outcomes for each scenario . for the task variable , p ←
→ prosodic event recognition using convolutional neural networks with context information ; this paper demonstrates the potential of convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) for detecting and classifying prosodic events on words , specifically pitch accents and phrase boundary tones , from frame - based acoustic features . typical approaches use not only feature representations of the word in question but also its surrounding context . we show that adding position features indicating the current word benefits the cnn .←
→ temporal topic modeling to assess associations between news trends and infectious disease outbreaks ; in retrospective assessments , internet news reports have been shown to capture early reports of unknown infectious disease transmission prior to official laboratory confirmation . in general , media interest and reporting peaks and wanes during the course of an outbreak . in this study , we quantify the extent to which media interest during infectious disease outbreaks is indicative of trends of reported inci ←
→ key - pose prediction in cyclic human motion ; in this paper we study the problem of estimating innercyclic time intervals within repetitive motion sequences of top - class swimmers in a swimming channel . interval limits are given by temporal occurrences of key - poses , i . e . distinctive postures of the body . a key - pose is defined by means of only one or two specific features of the complete posture . it is often difficult to detect such subtle features directly . we therefore propose the following method : given tha ←
→ dual motion gan for future - flow embedded video prediction ; future frame prediction in videos is a promising avenue for unsupervised video representation learning . video frames are naturally generated by the inherent pixel flows from preceding frames based on the appearance and motion dynamics in the video . however , existing methods focus on directly hallucinating pixel values , resulting in blurry predictions . in this paper , we develop a dual motion generative adversarial net ( gan ) architecture , which learn ←
→ statistical analysis on bangla newspaper data to extract trending topic and visualize its change over time ; trending topic of newspapers is an indicator to understand the situation of a country and also a way to evaluate the particular newspaper . this paper represents a model describing few techniques to select trending topics from bangla newspaper . topics that are discussed more frequently than other in bangla newspaper will be marked and how a very famous topic loses its importance with the change of t ←
→ alignment - based compositional semantics for instruction following ; this paper describes an alignment - based model for interpreting natural language instructions in context . we approach instruction following as a search over plans , scoring sequences of actions conditioned on structured observations of text and the environment . by explicitly modeling both the low - level compositional structure of individual actions and the high - level structure of full plans , we are able to learn both grounded representations o ←
→ supersparse linear integer models for interpretable classification ; scoring systems are classification models that only require users to add , subtract and multiply a few meaningful numbers to make a prediction . these models are often used because they are practical and interpretable . in this paper , we introduce an off - the - shelf tool to create scoring systems that both accurate and interpretable , known as a supersparse linear integer model ( slim ). slim is a discrete optimization problem that minimizes the 0 ←
→ human - in - the - loop synthesis for partially observable markov decision processes ; we study planning problems where autonomous agents operate inside environments that are subject to uncertainties and not fully observable . partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) are a natural formal model to capture such problems . because of the potentially huge or even infinite belief space in pomdps , synthesis with safety guarantees is , in general , computationally intractable . we propose an approach that ai ←
→ csift based locality - constrained linear coding for image classification ; in the past decade , sift descriptor has been witnessed as one of the most robust local invariant feature descriptors and widely used in various vision tasks . most traditional image classification systems depend on the luminance - based sift descriptors , which only analyze the gray level variations of the images . misclassification may happen since their color contents are ignored . in this article , we concentrate on improving the performa ←
→ causal nearest neighbor rules for optimal treatment regimes ; the estimation of optimal treatment regimes is of considerable interest to precision medicine . in this work , we propose a causal $ k $- nearest neighbor method to estimate the optimal treatment regime . the method roots in the framework of causal inference , and estimates the causal treatment effects within the nearest neighborhood . although the method is simple , it possesses nice theoretical properties . we show that the causal $ k $- nearest neighbor re ←
→ convex learning of multiple tasks and their structure ; reducing the amount of human supervision is a key problem in machine learning and a natural approach is that of exploiting the relations ( structure ) among different tasks . this is the idea at the core of multi - task learning . in this context a fundamental question is how to incorporate the tasks structure in the learning problem . we tackle this question by studying a general computational framework that allows to encode a - priori knowledge of the tasks st ←
→ neural versus phrase - based machine translation quality : a case study ; within the field of statistical machine translation ( smt ), the neural approach ( nmt ) has recently emerged as the first technology able to challenge the long - standing dominance of phrase - based approaches ( pbmt ). in particular , at the iwslt 2015 evaluation campaign , nmt outperformed well established state - of - the - art pbmt systems on english - german , a language pair known to be particularly hard because of morphology and syntactic differences ←
→ image registration for stability testing of mems ; image registration , or alignment of two or more images covering the same scenes or objects , is of great interest in many disciplines such as remote sensing , medical imaging , astronomy , and computer vision . in this paper , we introduce a new application of image registration algorithms . we demonstrate how through a wavelet based image registration algorithm , engineers can evaluate stability of micro - electro - mechanical systems ( mems ). in particular , we applied ←
→ augmenting alc ( d ) ( atemporal ) roles and ( aspatial ) concrete domain with temporal roles and a spatial concrete domain - first results ; we consider the well - known family alc ( d ) of description logics with a concrete domain , and provide first results on a framework obtained by augmenting alc ( d ) atemporal roles and aspatial concrete domain with temporal roles and a spatial concrete domain .←
→ bag - level aggregation for multiple instance active learning in instance classification problems ; a growing number of applications , e . g . video surveillance and medical image analysis , require training recognition systems from large amounts of weakly annotated data while some targeted interactions with a domain expert are allowed to improve the training process . in such cases , active learning ( al ) can reduce labeling costs for training a classifier by querying the expert to provide the labels of most infor ←
→ deep residual learning for image recognition ; deeper neural networks are more difficult to train . we present a residual learning framework to ease the training of networks that are substantially deeper than those used previously . we explicitly reformulate the layers as learning residual functions with reference to the layer inputs , instead of learning unreferenced functions . we provide comprehensive empirical evidence showing that these residual networks are easier to optimize , and can gain accuracy from c ←
→ machine learning on human connectome data from mri ; functional mri ( fmri ) and diffusion mri ( dmri ) are non - invasive imaging modalities that allow in - vivo analysis of a patient ' s brain network ( known as a connectome ). use of these technologies has enabled faster and better diagnoses and treatments of neurological disorders and a deeper understanding of the human brain . recently , researchers have been exploring the application of machine learning models to connectome data in order to predict clinical outcome ←
→ visual concept recognition and localization via iterative introspection ; convolutional neural networks have been shown to develop internal representations , which correspond closely to semantically meaningful objects and parts , although trained solely on class labels . class activation mapping ( cam ) is a recent method that makes it possible to easily highlight the image regions contributing to a network ' s classification decision . we build upon these two developments to enable a network to re - examine informat ←
→ a category theory of communication theory ; a theory of how agents can come to understand a language is presented . if understanding a sentence $\ alpha $ is to associate an operator with $\ alpha $ that transforms the representational state of the agent as intended by the sender , then coming to know a language involves coming to know the operators that correspond to the meaning of any sentence . this involves a higher order operator that operates on the possible transformations that operate on the representation ←
→ portability of syntactic structure for language modeling ; the paper presents a study on the portability of statistical syntactic knowledge in the framework of the structured language model ( slm ). we investigate the impact of porting slm statistics from the wall street journal ( wsj ) to the air travel information system ( atis ) domain . we compare this approach to applying the microsoft rule - based parser ( nlpwin ) for the atis data and to using a small amount of data manually parsed at upenn for gathering the i ←
→ distributed learning with regularized least squares ; we study distributed learning with the least squares regularization scheme in a reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ). by a divide - and - conquer approach , the algorithm partitions a data set into disjoint data subsets , applies the least squares regularization scheme to each data subset to produce an output function , and then takes an average of the individual output functions as a final global estimator or predictor . we show with error bounds in expectat ←
→ on the relationship between fuzzy logic and four - valued relevance logic ; in fuzzy propositional logic , to a proposition a partial truth in [ 0 , 1 ] is assigned . it is well known that under certain circumstances , fuzzy logic collapses to classical logic . in this paper , we will show that under dual conditions , fuzzy logic collapses to four - valued ( relevance ) logic , where propositions have truth - value true , false , unknown , or contradiction . as a consequence , fuzzy entailment may be considered as `` in between '' f ←
→ a practical method for solving contextual bandit problems using decision trees ; many efficient algorithms with strong theoretical guarantees have been proposed for the contextual multi - armed bandit problem . however , applying these algorithms in practice can be difficult because they require domain expertise to build appropriate features and to tune their parameters . we propose a new method for the contextual bandit problem that is simple , practical , and can be applied with little or no domain expertise . ←
→ adaptive canonical correlation analysis based on matrix manifolds ; in this paper , we formulate the canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) problem on matrix manifolds . this framework provides a natural way for dealing with matrix constraints and tools for building efficient algorithms even in an adaptive setting . finally , an adaptive cca algorithm is proposed and applied to a change detection problem in eeg signals .←
→ multitask evolution with cartesian genetic programming ; we introduce a genetic programming method for solving multiple boolean circuit synthesis tasks simultaneously . this allows us to solve a set of elementary logic functions twice as easily as with a direct , single - task approach .←
→ complete dictionary recovery over the sphere ii : recovery by riemannian trust - region method ; we consider the problem of recovering a complete ( i . e ., square and invertible ) matrix $\ mathbf a_0 $, from $\ mathbf y \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ n \ times p }$ with $\ mathbf y = \ mathbf a_0 \ mathbf x_0 $, provided $\ mathbf x_0 $ is sufficiently sparse . this recovery problem is central to theoretical understanding of dictionary learning , which seeks a sparse representation for a collection of input signals and finds numerous appl ←
→ abstractive headline generation for spoken content by attentive recurrent neural networks with asr error modeling ; headline generation for spoken content is important since spoken content is difficult to be shown on the screen and browsed by the user . it is a special type of abstractive summarization , for which the summaries are generated word by word from scratch without using any part of the original content . many deep learning approaches for headline generation from text document have been proposed re ←
→ random subspace learning approach to high - dimensional outliers detection ; we introduce and develop a novel approach to outlier detection based on adaptation of random subspace learning . our proposed method handles both high - dimension low - sample size and traditional low - dimensional high - sample size datasets . essentially , we avoid the computational bottleneck of techniques like minimum covariance determinant ( mcd ) by computing the needed determinants and associated measures in much lower dimensional subspace ←
→ hierarchies of relaxations for online prediction problems with evolving constraints ; we study online prediction where regret of the algorithm is measured against a benchmark defined via evolving constraints . this framework captures online prediction on graphs , as well as other prediction problems with combinatorial structure . a key aspect here is that finding the optimal benchmark predictor ( even in hindsight , given all the data ) might be computationally hard due to the combinatorial nature of the constr ←
→ active deep learning for classification of hyperspectral images ; active deep learning classification of hyperspectral images is considered in this paper . deep learning has achieved success in many applications , but good - quality labeled samples are needed to construct a deep learning network . it is expensive getting good labeled samples in hyperspectral images for remote sensing applications . an active learning algorithm based on a weighted incremental dictionary learning is proposed for such applications . ←
→ privacy risk in machine learning : analyzing the connection to overfitting ; machine learning algorithms , when applied to sensitive data , pose a distinct threat to privacy . a growing body of prior work demonstrates that models produced by these algorithms may leak specific private information in the training data to an attacker , either through the models ' structure or their observable behavior . however , the underlying cause of this privacy risk is not well understood beyond a handful of anecdotal accounts ←
→ probabilistic supervised learning ; predictive modelling and supervised learning are central to modern data science . with predictions from an ever - expanding number of supervised black - box strategies - e . g ., kernel methods , random forests , deep learning aka neural networks - being employed as a basis for decision making processes , it is crucial to understand the statistical uncertainty associated with these predictions . as a general means to approach the issue , we present an overarching framework for black ←
→ storing and indexing plan derivations through explanation - based analysis of retrieval failures ; case - based planning ( cbp ) provides a way of scaling up domain - independent planning to solve large problems in complex domains . it replaces the detailed and lengthy search for a solution with the retrieval and adaptation of previous planning experiences . in general , cbp has been demonstrated to improve performance over generative ( from - scratch ) planning . however , the performance improvements it provides are dep ←
→ efficient likelihood bayesian constrained local model ; the constrained local model ( clm ) proposes a paradigm that the locations of a set of local landmark detectors are constrained to lie in a subspace , spanned by a shape point distribution model ( pdm ). fitting the model to an object involves two steps . a response map , which represents the likelihood of the location of a landmark , is first computed for each landmark using local - texture detectors . then , an optimal pdm is determined by jointly maximizing all ←
→ diffusercam : lensless single - exposure 3d imaging ; we demonstrate a compact and easy - to - build computational camera for single - shot 3d imaging . our lensless system consists solely of a diffuser placed in front of a standard image sensor . every point within the volumetric field - of - view projects a unique pseudorandom pattern of caustics on the sensor . by using a physical approximation and simple calibration scheme , we solve the large - scale inverse problem in a computationally efficient way . the caustic pattern ←
→ adequacy of the gradient - descent method for classifier evasion attacks ; despite the wide use of machine learning in adversarial settings including computer security , recent studies have demonstrated vulnerabilities to evasion attacks --- carefully crafted adversarial samples that closely resemble legitimate instances , but cause misclassification . in this paper , we examine the adequacy of the leading approach to generating adversarial samples --- the gradient descent approach . in particular ( 1 ) we perform exten ←
→ why and how to pay different attention to phrase alignments of different intensities ; this work studies comparatively two typical sentence pair classification tasks : textual entailment ( te ) and answer selection ( as ), observing that phrase alignments of different intensities contribute differently in these tasks . we address the problems of identifying phrase alignments of flexible granularity and pooling alignments of different intensities for these tasks . examples for flexible granularity are alignments ←
→ polynomial time and sample complexity for non - gaussian component analysis : spectral methods ; the problem of non - gaussian component analysis ( ngca ) is about finding a maximal low - dimensional subspace $ e $ in $\ mathbb { r }^ n $ so that data points projected onto $ e $ follow a non - gaussian distribution . although this is an appropriate model for some real world data analysis problems , there has been little progress on this problem over the last decade . in this paper , we attempt to address this state of affairs i ←
→ detecting correlations with little memory and communication ; we study the problem of identifying correlations in multivariate data , under information constraints : either on the amount of memory that can be used by the algorithm , or the amount of communication when the data is distributed across several machines . we prove a tight trade - off between the memory / communication complexity and the sample complexity , implying ( for example ) that to detect pairwise correlations with optimal sample complexity , the num ←
→ sparkle vision : seeing the world through random specular microfacets ; in this paper , we study the problem of reproducing the world lighting from a single image of an object covered with random specular microfacets on the surface . we show that such reflectors can be interpreted as a randomized mapping from the lighting to the image . such specular objects have very different optical properties from both diffuse surfaces and smooth specular objects like metals , so we design special imaging system to robustly ←
→ fuzzy human motion analysis : a review ; human motion analysis ( hma ) is currently one of the most popularly active research domains as such significant research interests are motivated by a number of real world applications such as video surveillance , sports analysis , healthcare monitoring and so on . however , most of these real world applications face high levels of uncertainties that can affect the operations of such applications . hence , the fuzzy set theory has been applied and showed great success in the ←
→ asymptotic normality of support vector machine variants and other regularized kernel methods ; in nonparametric classification and regression problems , regularized kernel methods , in particular support vector machines , attract much attention in theoretical and in applied statistics . in an abstract sense , regularized kernel methods ( simply called svms here ) can be seen as regularized m - estimators for a parameter in a ( typically infinite dimensional ) reproducing kernel hilbert space . for smooth loss functio ←
→ refining geometry from depth sensors using ir shading images ; we propose a method to refine geometry of 3d meshes from a consumer level depth camera , e . g . kinect , by exploiting shading cues captured from an infrared ( ir ) camera . a major benefit to using an ir camera instead of an rgb camera is that the ir images captured are narrow band images that filter out most undesired ambient light , which makes our system robust against natural indoor illumination . moreover , for many natural objects with colorful tex ←
→ sentiment analysis of citations using word2vec ; citation sentiment analysis is an important task in scientific paper analysis . existing machine learning techniques for citation sentiment analysis are focusing on labor - intensive feature engineering , which requires large annotated corpus . as an automatic feature extraction tool , word2vec has been successfully applied to sentiment analysis of short texts . in this work , i conducted empirical research with the question : how well does word2vec work on the sentim ←
→ deepsic : deep semantic image compression ; incorporating semantic information into the codecs during image compression can significantly reduce the repetitive computation of fundamental semantic analysis ( such as object recognition ) in client - side applications . the same practice also enable the compressed code to carry the image semantic information during storage and transmission . in this paper , we propose a concept called deep semantic image compression ( deepsic ) and put forward two novel architectures th ←
→ interactive elicitation of knowledge on feature relevance improves predictions in small data sets ; providing accurate predictions is challenging for machine learning algorithms when the number of features is larger than the number of samples in the data . prior knowledge can improve machine learning models by indicating relevant variables and parameter values . yet , this prior knowledge is often tacit and only available from domain experts . we present a novel approach that uses interactive visualization to ←
→ not - so - random features ; we propose a principled method for kernel learning , which relies on a fourier - analytic characterization of translation - invariant or rotation - invariant kernels . our method produces a sequence of feature maps , iteratively refining the svm margin . we provide rigorous guarantees for optimality and generalization , interpreting our algorithm as online equilibrium - finding dynamics in a certain two - player min - max game . evaluations on synthetic and real - world datasets demonstrate scalability ←
→ to study the phenomenon of the moravec ' s paradox ; " encoded in the large , highly evolved sensory and motor portions of the human brain is a billion years of experience about the nature of the world and how to survive in it . the deliberate process we call reasoning is , i believe , the thinnest veneer of human thought , effective only because it is supported by this much older and much powerful , though usually unconscious , sensor motor knowledge . we are all prodigious olympians in perceptual and motor areas , so ←
→ proportional conflict redistribution rules for information fusion ; in this paper we propose five versions of a proportional conflict redistribution rule ( pcr ) for information fusion together with several examples . from pcr1 to pcr2 , pcr3 , pcr4 , pcr5 one increases the complexity of the rules and also the exactitude of the redistribution of conflicting masses . pcr1 restricted from the hyper - power set to the power set and without degenerate cases gives the same result as the weighted average operator ( wao ) pr ←
→ towards good practices for very deep two - stream convnets ; deep convolutional networks have achieved great success for object recognition in still images . however , for action recognition in videos , the improvement of deep convolutional networks is not so evident . we argue that there are two reasons that could probably explain this result . first the current network architectures ( e . g . two - stream convnets ) are relatively shallow compared with those very deep models in image domain ( e . g . vggnet , googlenet ), an ←
→ category - theoretic quantitative compositional distributional models of natural language semantics ; this thesis is about the problem of compositionality in distributional semantics . distributional semantics presupposes that the meanings of words are a function of their occurrences in textual contexts . it models words as distributions over these contexts and represents them as vectors in high dimensional spaces . the problem of compositionality for such models concerns itself with how to produce representat ←
→ a construction of bayesian networks from databases based on an mdl principle ; this paper addresses learning stochastic rules especially on an inter - attribute relation based on a minimum description length ( mdl ) principle with a finite number of examples , assuming an application to the design of intelligent relational database systems . the stochastic rule in this paper consists of a model giving the structure like the dependencies of a bayesian belief network ( bbn ) and some stochastic parameters each indi ←
→ cross - topic argument mining from heterogeneous sources using attention - based neural networks ; argument mining is a core technology for automating argument search in large document collections . despite its usefulness for this task , most current approaches to argument mining are designed for use only with specific text types and fall short when applied to heterogeneous texts . in this paper , we propose a new sentential annotation scheme that is reliably applicable by crowd workers to arbitrary web texts . we ←
→ recognition of facial expression using eigenvector based distributed features and euclidean distance based decision making technique ; in this paper , an eigenvector based system has been presented to recognize facial expressions from digital facial images . in the approach , firstly the images were acquired and cropping of five significant portions from the image was performed to extract and store the eigenvectors specific to the expressions . the eigenvectors for the test images were also computed , and fina ←
→ spectral mixture kernels for multi - output gaussian processes ; early approaches to multiple - output gaussian processes ( mogps ) relied on linear combinations of independent , latent , single - output gaussian processes ( gps ). this resulted in cross - covariance functions with limited parametric interpretation , thus conflicting with the ability of single - output gps to understand lengthscales , frequencies and magnitudes to name a few . on the contrary , current approaches to mogp are able to better interpret the relati ←
→ genetic braid optimization : a heuristic approach to compute quasiparticle braids ; in topologically - protected quantum computation , quantum gates can be carried out by adiabatically braiding two - dimensional quasiparticles , reminiscent of entangled world lines . bonesteel et al . [ phys . rev . lett . 95 , 140503 ( 2005 )], as well as leijnse and flensberg [ phys . rev . b 86 , 104511 ( 2012 )] recently provided schemes for computing quantum gates from quasiparticle braids . mathematically , the problem of executing a gate ←
→ a base camp for scaling ai ; modern statistical machine learning ( sml ) methods share a major limitation with the early approaches to ai : there is no scalable way to adapt them to new domains . human learning solves this in part by leveraging a rich , shared , updateable world model . such scalability requires modularity : updating part of the world model should not impact unrelated parts . we have argued that such modularity will require both " correctability " ( so that errors can be corrected without introducing n ←
→ sparse weighted canonical correlation analysis ; given two data matrices $ x $ and $ y $, sparse canonical correlation analysis ( scca ) is to seek two sparse canonical vectors $ u $ and $ v $ to maximize the correlation between $ xu $ and $ yv $. however , classical and sparse cca models consider the contribution of all the samples of data matrices and thus cannot identify an underlying specific subset of samples . to this end , we propose a novel sparse weighted canonical correlation analysis ( swcca ), where weights are us ←
→ application and verification of algorithm learning based neural network ; this paper has been withdrawn by the author due to a crucial accuracy error in fig . 5 . for precise performance of albnn please refer to yoon et al .' s work in the following article . yoon , h ., park , c . s ., kim , j . s ., & baek , j . g . ( 2013 ). algorithm learning based neural network integrating feature selection and classification . expert systems with applications , 40 ( 1 ), 231 - 241 . http :// www . sciencedirect . com / science / article / pii / s0957417412 ←
→ understanding deep convolutional networks ; deep convolutional networks provide state of the art classifications and regressions results over many high - dimensional problems . we review their architecture , which scatters data with a cascade of linear filter weights and non - linearities . a mathematical framework is introduced to analyze their properties . computations of invariants involve multiscale contractions , the linearization of hierarchical symmetries , and sparse separations . applications are discussed .←
→ sensenet : 3d objects database and tactile simulator ; the majority of artificial intelligence research , as it relates from which to biological senses has been focused on vision . the recent explosion of machine learning and in particular , dee p learning , can be partially attributed to the release of high quality data sets for algorithm s from which to model the world on . thus , most of these datasets are comprised of images . we believe that focusing on sensorimotor systems and tactile feedback will create alg ←
→ byte - level recursive convolutional auto - encoder for text ; this article proposes to auto - encode text at byte - level using convolutional networks with a recursive architecture . the motivation is to explore whether it is possible to have scalable and homogeneous text generation at byte - level in a non - sequential fashion through the simple task of auto - encoding . we show that non - sequential text generation from a fixed - length representation is not only possible , but also achieved much better auto - encoding results ←
→ application of three graph laplacian based semi - supervised learning methods to protein function prediction problem ; protein function prediction is the important problem in modern biology . in this paper , the un - normalized , symmetric normalized , and random walk graph laplacian based semi - supervised learning methods will be applied to the integrated network combined from multiple networks to predict the functions of all yeast proteins in these multiple networks . these multiple networks are network created f ←
→ an iterative fingerprint enhancement algorithm based on accurate determination of orientation flow ; we describe an algorithm to enhance and binarize a fingerprint image . the algorithm is based on accurate determination of orientation flow of the ridges of the fingerprint image by computing variance of the neighborhood pixels around a pixel in different directions . we show that an iterative algorithm which captures the mutual interdependence of orientation flow computation , enhancement and binarization gi ←
→ propositional theories are strongly equivalent to logic programs ; this paper presents a property of propositional theories under the answer sets semantics ( called equilibrium logic for this general syntax ): any theory can always be reexpressed as a strongly equivalent disjunctive logic program , possibly with negation in the head . we provide two different proofs for this result : one involving a syntactic transformation , and one that constructs a program starting from the countermodels of the theory in the i ←
→ open - world visual recognition using knowledge graphs ; in a real - world setting , visual recognition systems can be brought to make predictions for images belonging to previously unknown class labels . in order to make semantically meaningful predictions for such inputs , we propose a two - step approach that utilizes information from knowledge graphs . first , a knowledge - graph representation is learned to embed a large set of entities into a semantic space . second , an image representation is learned to embed imag ←
→ convolutional architecture exploration for action recognition and image classification ; convolutional architecture for fast feature encoding ( caffe ) [ 11 ] is a software package for the training , classifying , and feature extraction of images . the ucf sports action dataset is a widely used machine learning dataset that has 200 videos taken in 720x480 resolution of 9 different sporting activities : diving , golf , swinging , kicking , lifting , horseback riding , running , skateboarding , swinging ( various gymnastics ←
→ phase transition in sonfis & sorst ; in this study , we introduce general frame of many connected intelligent particles systems ( macips ). connections and interconnections between particles get a complex behavior of such merely simple system ( system in system ). contribution of natural computing , under information granulation theory , are the main topics of this spacious skeleton . upon this clue , we organize two algorithms involved a few prominent intelligent computing and approximate reasoning methods : self organ ←
→ an image - based sensor system for autonomous rendez - vous with uncooperative satellites ; in this paper are described the image processing algorithms developed by sener , ingenieria y sistemas to cope with the problem of image - based , autonomous rendez - vous ( rv ) with an orbiting satellite . the methods developed have a direct application in the olev ( orbital life extension extension vehicle ) mission . olev is a commercial mission under development by a consortium formed by swedish space corporation , kayser - thre ←
→ a probabilistic approach for authenticating text or graphical passwords using back propagation ; password authentication is a common approach to the system security and it is also a very important procedure to gain access to user resources . in the conventional password authentication methods a server has to authenticate the legitimate user . in our proposed method users can freely choose their passwords from a defined character set or they can use a graphical image as password and that input will be normal ←
→ satellite image classification methods and landsat 5tm bands ; this paper attempts to find the most accurate classification method among parallelepiped , minimum distance and chain methods . moreover , this study also challenges to find the suitable combination of bands , which can lead to better results in case combinations of bands occur . after comparing these three methods , the chain method over perform the other methods with 79 % overall accuracy . hence , it is more accurate than minimum distance with 67 % and ←
→ probabilistic graphical models on multi - core cpus using java 8 ; in this paper , we discuss software design issues related to the development of parallel computational intelligence algorithms on multi - core cpus , using the new java 8 functional programming features . in particular , we focus on probabilistic graphical models ( pgms ) and present the parallelisation of a collection of algorithms that deal with inference and learning of pgms from data . namely , maximum likelihood estimation , importance sampling , and ←
→ transforming wikipedia into an ontology - based information retrieval search engine for local experts using a third - party taxonomy ; wikipedia is widely used for finding general information about a wide variety of topics . its vocation is not to provide local information . for example , it provides plot , cast , and production information about a given movie , but not showing times in your local movie theatre . here we describe how we can connect local information to wikipedia , without altering its content . the ca ←
→ perceptron mistake bounds ; we present a brief survey of existing mistake bounds and introduce novel bounds for the perceptron or the kernel perceptron algorithm . our novel bounds generalize beyond standard margin - loss type bounds , allow for any convex and lipschitz loss function , and admit a very simple proof .←
→ clustering - based matrix factorization ; recommender systems are emerging technologies that nowadays can be found in many applications such as amazon , netflix , and so on . these systems help users to find relevant information , recommendations , and their preferred items . slightly improvement of the accuracy of these recommenders can highly affect the quality of recommendations . matrix factorization is a popular method in recommendation systems showing promising results in accuracy and complexity . in this paper ←
→ ebic : an artificial intelligence - based parallel biclustering algorithm for pattern discovery ; in this paper a novel biclustering algorithm based on artificial intelligence ( ai ) is introduced . the method called ebic aims to detect biologically meaningful , order - preserving patterns in complex data . the proposed algorithm is probably the first one capable of discovering with accuracy exceeding 50 \% multiple complex patterns in real gene expression datasets . it is also one of the very few biclustering method ←
→ the gram - charlier a series based extended rule - of - thumb for bandwidth selection in univariate and multivariate kernel density estimations ; the article derives a novel gram - charlier a ( gca ) series based extended rule - of - thumb ( exrot ) for bandwidth selection in kernel density estimation ( kde ). there are existing various bandwidth selection rules achieving minimization of the asymptotic mean integrated square error ( amise ) between the estimated probability density function ( pdf ) and the actual pdf . the rule ←
→ optimal design and optimal control of structures undergoing finite rotations and elastic deformations ; in this work we deal with the optimal design and optimal control of structures undergoing large rotations . in other words , we show how to find the corresponding initial configuration and the corresponding set of multiple load parameters in order to recover a desired deformed configuration or some desirable features of the deformed configuration as specified more precisely by the objective or cost functi ←
→ the novel approach of adaptive twin probability for genetic algorithm ; the performance of ga is measured and analyzed in terms of its performance parameters against variations in its genetic operators and associated parameters . since last four decades huge numbers of researchers have been working on the performance of ga and its enhancement . this earlier research work on analyzing the performance of ga enforces the need to further investigate the exploration and exploitation characteristics and observe its ←
→ local optimal sets and bounded archiving on multi - objective nk - landscapes with correlated objectives ; the properties of local optimal solutions in multi - objective combinatorial optimization problems are crucial for the effectiveness of local search algorithms , particularly when these algorithms are based on pareto dominance . such local search algorithms typically return a set of mutually nondominated pareto local optimal ( plo ) solutions , that is , a plo - set . this paper investigates two aspects of plo - sets ←
→ learning confidence for out - of - distribution detection in neural networks ; modern neural networks are very powerful predictive models , but they are often incapable of recognizing when their predictions may be wrong . closely related to this is the task of out - of - distribution detection , where a network must determine whether or not an input is outside of the set on which it is expected to safely perform . to jointly address these issues , we propose a method of learning confidence estimates for neural networks ←
→ viewpoint invariant action recognition using rgb - d videos ; in video - based action recognition , viewpoint variations often pose major challenges because the same actions can appear different from different views . we use the complementary rgb and depth information from the rgb - d cameras to address this problem . the proposed technique capitalizes on the spatio - temporal information available in the two data streams to the extract action features that are largely insensitive to the viewpoint variations . we use t ←
→ relations on fp - soft sets applied to decision making problems ; in this work , we first define relations on the fuzzy parametrized soft sets and study their properties . we also give a decision making method based on these relations . in approximate reasoning , relations on the fuzzy parametrized soft sets have shown to be of a primordial importance . finally , the method is successfully applied to a problems that contain uncertainties .←
→ deep , dense , and low - rank gaussian conditional random fields ; in this work we introduce a fully - connected graph structure in the deep gaussian conditional random field ( g - crf ) model . for this we express the pairwise interactions between pixels as the inner - products of low - dimensional embeddings , delivered by a new subnetwork of a deep architecture . we efficiently minimize the resulting energy by solving the resulting low - rank linear system with conjugate gradients , and derive an analytic expression for the ←
→ on the sample complexity of graphical model selection for non - stationary processes ; we formulate and analyze a graphical model selection method for inferring the conditional independence graph of a high - dimensional non - stationary gaussian random process ( time series ) from a finite - length observation . the observed process samples are assumed uncorrelated over time but having different covariance matrices . we characterize the sample complexity of graphical model selection for such processes by analyzing a ←
→ a feature - based analysis on the impact of set of constraints for e - constrained differential evolution ; different types of evolutionary algorithms have been developed for constrained continuous optimization . we carry out a feature - based analysis of evolved constrained continuous optimization instances to understand the characteristics of constraints that make problems hard for evolutionary algorithm . in our study , we examine how various sets of constraints can influence the behaviour of e - constrained diff ←
→ safer classification by synthesis ; the discriminative approach to classification using deep neural networks has become the de - facto standard in various fields . complementing recent reservations about safety against adversarial examples , we show that conventional discriminative methods can easily be fooled to provide incorrect labels with very high confidence to out of distribution examples . we posit that a generative approach is the natural remedy for this problem , and propose a method for classification u ←
→ learning abstract classes using deep learning ; humans are generally good at learning abstract concepts about objects and scenes ( e . g .\ spatial orientation , relative sizes , etc .). over the last years convolutional neural networks have achieved almost human performance in recognizing concrete classes ( i . e .\ specific object categories ). this paper tests the performance of a current cnn ( googlenet ) on the task of differentiating between abstract classes which are trivially differentiable for humans . we trained ←
→" how may i help you ?": modeling twitter customer service conversations using fine - grained dialogue acts ; given the increasing popularity of customer service dialogue on twitter , analysis of conversation data is essential to understand trends in customer and agent behavior for the purpose of automating customer service interactions . in this work , we develop a novel taxonomy of fine - grained " dialogue acts " frequently observed in customer service , showcasing acts that are more suited to the domain than the ←
→ cluster - based specification techniques in dempster - shafer theory ; when reasoning with uncertainty there are many situations where evidences are not only uncertain but their propositions may also be weakly specified in the sense that it may not be certain to which event a proposition is referring . it is then crucial not to combine such evidences in the mistaken belief that they are referring to the same event . this situation would become manageable if the evidences could be clustered into subsets representi ←
→ conscious intelligent systems - part ii - mind , thought , language and understanding ; this is the second part of a paper on conscious intelligent systems . we use the understanding gained in the first part ( conscious intelligent systems part 1 : ixi ( arxiv id cs . ai / 0612056 )) to look at understanding . we see how the presence of mind affects understanding and intelligent systems ; we see that the presence of mind necessitates language . the rise of language in turn has important effects on understanding . we dis ←
→ real - time bidding by reinforcement learning in display advertising ; the majority of online display ads are served through real - time bidding ( rtb ) --- each ad display impression is auctioned off in real - time when it is just being generated from a user visit . to place an ad automatically and optimally , it is critical for advertisers to devise a learning algorithm to cleverly bid an ad impression in real - time . most previous works consider the bid decision as a static optimization problem of either treating th ←
→ pac bounds for discounted mdps ; we study upper and lower bounds on the sample - complexity of learning near - optimal behaviour in finite - state discounted markov decision processes ( mdps ). for the upper bound we make the assumption that each action leads to at most two possible next - states and prove a new bound for a ucrl - style algorithm on the number of time - steps when it is not probably approximately correct ( pac ). the new lower bound strengthens previous work by being both more general ( it applies to all po ←
→ ooasp : connecting object - oriented and logic programming ; most of contemporary software systems are implemented using an object - oriented approach . modeling phases -- during which software engineers analyze requirements to the future system using some modeling language -- are an important part of the development process , since modeling errors are often hard to recognize and correct . in this paper we present a framework which allows the integration of answer set programming into the object - oriented software ←
→ recursive neural conditional random fields for aspect - based sentiment analysis ; in aspect - based sentiment analysis , extracting aspect terms along with the opinions being expressed from user - generated content is one of the most important subtasks . previous studies have shown that exploiting connections between aspect and opinion terms is promising for this task . in this paper , we propose a novel joint model that integrates recursive neural networks and conditional random fields into a unified framework fo ←
→ does william shakespeare really write hamlet ? knowledge representation learning with confidence ; knowledge graphs ( kgs ), which could provide essential relational information between entities , have been widely utilized in various knowledge - driven applications . since the overall human knowledge is innumerable that still grows explosively and changes frequently , knowledge construction and update inevitably involve automatic mechanisms with less human supervision , which usually bring in plenty of noises and ←
→ herded gibbs sampling ; the gibbs sampler is one of the most popular algorithms for inference in statistical models . in this paper , we introduce a herding variant of this algorithm , called herded gibbs , that is entirely deterministic . we prove that herded gibbs has an $ o ( 1 / t )$ convergence rate for models with independent variables and for fully connected probabilistic graphical models . herded gibbs is shown to outperform gibbs in the tasks of image denoising with mrfs and named entity recognition with crfs .←
→ letter counting : a stem cell for cryptology , quantitative linguistics , and statistics ; counting letters in written texts is a very ancient practice . it has accompanied the development of cryptology , quantitative linguistics , and statistics . in cryptology , counting frequencies of the different characters in an encrypted message is the basis of the so called frequency analysis method . in quantitative linguistics , the proportion of vowels to consonants in different languages was studied long before authorsh ←
→ modelling constraint solver architecture design as a constraint problem ; designing component - based constraint solvers is a complex problem . some components are required , some are optional and there are interdependencies between the components . because of this , previous approaches to solver design and modification have been ad - hoc and limited . we present a system that transforms a description of the components and the characteristics of the target constraint solver into a constraint problem . solving this pr ←
→ joint training of a convolutional network and a graphical model for human pose estimation ; this paper proposes a new hybrid architecture that consists of a deep convolutional network and a markov random field . we show how this architecture is successfully applied to the challenging problem of articulated human pose estimation in monocular images . the architecture can exploit structural domain constraints such as geometric relationships between body joint locations . we show that joint training of these tw ←
→ deep reinforcement learning - based image captioning with embedding reward ; image captioning is a challenging problem owing to the complexity in understanding the image content and diverse ways of describing it in natural language . recent advances in deep neural networks have substantially improved the performance of this task . most state - of - the - art approaches follow an encoder - decoder framework , which generates captions using a sequential recurrent prediction model . however , in this paper , we introduce a no ←
→ robustness of random forest - based gene selection methods ; gene selection is an important part of microarray data analysis because it provides information that can lead to a better mechanistic understanding of an investigated phenomenon . at the same time , gene selection is very difficult because of the noisy nature of microarray data . as a consequence , gene selection is often performed with machine learning methods . the random forest method is particularly well suited for this purpose . in this work , four st ←
→ optimal computational and statistical rates of convergence for sparse nonconvex learning problems ; we provide theoretical analysis of the statistical and computational properties of penalized $ m $- estimators that can be formulated as the solution to a possibly nonconvex optimization problem . many important estimators fall in this category , including least squares regression with nonconvex regularization , generalized linear models with nonconvex regularization and sparse elliptical random design regression ←
→ event structure of transitive verb : a marvs perspective ; module - attribute representation of verbal semantics ( marvs ) is a theory of the representation of verbal semantics that is based on mandarin chinese data ( huang et al . 2000 ). in the marvs theory , there are two different types of modules : event structure modules and role modules . there are also two sets of attributes : event - internal attributes and role - internal attributes , which are linked to the event structure module and the role module , respectively ←
→ reinforced self - attention network : a hybrid of hard and soft attention for sequence modeling ; many natural language processing tasks solely rely on sparse dependencies between a few tokens in a sentence . soft attention mechanisms show promising performance in modeling local / global dependencies by soft probabilities between every two tokens , but they are not effective and efficient when applied to long sentences . by contrast , hard attention mechanisms directly select a subset of tokens but are difficult a ←
→ scaling analysis of affinity propagation ; we analyze and exploit some scaling properties of the affinity propagation ( ap ) clustering algorithm proposed by frey and dueck ( 2007 ). first we observe that a divide and conquer strategy , used on a large data set hierarchically reduces the complexity ${\ cal o }( n ^ 2 )$ to ${\ cal o }( n ^{( h + 2 )/( h + 1 )})$, for a data - set of size $ n $ and a depth $ h $ of the hierarchical strategy . for a data - set embedded in a $ d $- dimensional space , we show that this is obtained without notabl ←
→ atomnet : a deep convolutional neural network for bioactivity prediction in structure - based drug discovery ; deep convolutional neural networks comprise a subclass of deep neural networks ( dnn ) with a constrained architecture that leverages the spatial and temporal structure of the domain they model . convolutional networks achieve the best predictive performance in areas such as speech and image recognition by hierarchically composing simple local features into complex models . although dnns have been used ←
→ low - cost scene modeling using a density function improves segmentation performance ; we propose a low cost and effective way to combine a free simulation software and free cad models for modeling human - object interaction in order to improve human & object segmentation . it is intended for research scenarios related to safe human - robot collaboration ( shrc ) and interaction ( shri ) in the industrial domain . the task of human and object modeling has been used for detecting activity , and for inferring and predic ←
→ sparse pca via bipartite matchings ; we consider the following multi - component sparse pca problem : given a set of data points , we seek to extract a small number of sparse components with disjoint supports that jointly capture the maximum possible variance . these components can be computed one by one , repeatedly solving the single - component problem and deflating the input data matrix , but as we show this greedy procedure is suboptimal . we present a novel algorithm for sparse pca that jointly optimizes multip ←
→ ontology temporal evolution for multi - entity bayesian networks under exogenous and endogenous semantic updating ; it is a challenge for any knowledge base reasoning to manage ubiquitous uncertain ontology as well as uncertain updating times , while achieving acceptable service levels at minimum computational cost . this paper proposes an application - independent merging ontologies for any open interaction system . a solution that uses multi - entity bayesan networks with swrl rules , and a java program is presen ←
→ islands for sat ; in this note we introduce the notion of islands for restricting local search . we show how we can construct islands for cnf sat problems , and how much search space can be eliminated by restricting search to the island .←
→ an extended mabac for multi - attribute decision making using trapezoidal interval type - 2 fuzzy numbers ; in this paper , we attempt to extend multi attributive border approximation area comparison ( mabac ) approach for multi - attribute decision making ( madm ) problems based on type - 2 fuzzy sets ( it2fss ). as a special case of it2fss interval type - 2 trapezoidal fuzzy numbers ( it2trfns ) are adopted here to deal with uncertainties present in many practical evaluation and selection problems . a systematic descriptio ←
→ robust pca , subspace learning , and tracking ; pca is one of the most widely used dimension reduction techniques . a related easier problem is " subspace learning " or " subspace estimation ". given relatively clean data , both are easily solved via singular value decomposition ( svd ). the problem of subspace learning or pca in the presence of outliers is called robust subspace learning or robust pca ( rpca ). for long data sequences , if one tries to use a single lower dimensional subspace to represent the data , the ←
→ tree - to - tree neural networks for program translation ; program translation is an important tool to migrate legacy code in one language into an ecosystem built in a different language . in this work , we are the first to consider employing deep neural networks toward tackling this problem . we observe that program translation is a modular procedure , in which a sub - tree of the source tree is translated into the corresponding target sub - tree at each step . to capture this intuition , we design a tree - to - tree neural ←
→ interpretable predictions of tree - based ensembles via actionable feature tweaking ; machine - learned models are often described as " black boxes ". in many real - world applications however , models may have to sacrifice predictive power in favour of human - interpretability . when this is the case , feature engineering becomes a crucial task , which requires significant and time - consuming human effort . whilst some features are inherently static , representing properties that cannot be influenced ( e . g ., the age of an ←
→ the model of semantic concepts lattice for data mining of microblogs ; the model of semantic concept lattice for data mining of microblogs has been proposed in this work . it is shown that the use of this model is effective for the semantic relations analysis and for the detection of associative rules of key words .←
→ automatic detection of blue - white veil and related structures in dermoscopy images ; dermoscopy is a non - invasive skin imaging technique , which permits visualization of features of pigmented melanocytic neoplasms that are not discernable by examination with the naked eye . one of the most important features for the diagnosis of melanoma in dermoscopy images is the blue - white veil ( irregular , structureless areas of confluent blue pigmentation with an overlying white " ground - glass " film ). in this article , we ←
→ improving nsga - ii with an adaptive mutation operator ; the performance of a multiobjective evolutionary algorithm ( moea ) is crucially dependent on the parameter setting of the operators . the most desired control of such parameters presents the characteristic of adaptiveness , i . e ., the capacity of changing the value of the parameter , in distinct stages of the evolutionary process , using feedbacks from the search for determining the direction and / or magnitude of changing . given the great popularity of the alg ←
→ character composition model with convolutional neural networks for dependency parsing on morphologically rich languages ; we present a transition - based dependency parser that uses a convolutional neural network to compose word representations from characters . the character composition model shows great improvement over the word - lookup model , especially for parsing agglutinative languages . these improvements are even better than using pre - trained word embeddings from extra data . on the spmrl data sets , our ←
→ compression of deep neural networks on the fly ; thanks to their state - of - the - art performance , deep neural networks are increasingly used for object recognition . to achieve these results , they use millions of parameters to be trained . however , when targeting embedded applications the size of these models becomes problematic . as a consequence , their usage on smartphones or other resource limited devices is prohibited . in this paper we introduce a novel compression method for deep neural networks that is perf ←
→ convolutional drift networks for video classification ; analyzing spatio - temporal data like video is a challenging task that requires processing visual and temporal information effectively . convolutional neural networks have shown promise as baseline fixed feature extractors through transfer learning , a technique that helps minimize the training cost on visual information . temporal information is often handled using hand - crafted features or recurrent neural networks , but this can be overly specific or prohi ←
→ split hmc for gaussian process models ; in this paper , we discuss an extension of the split hamiltonian monte carlo ( split hmc ) method for gaussian process model ( gpm ). this method is based on splitting the hamiltonian in a way that allows much of the movement around the state space to be done at low computational cost . to this end , we approximate the negative log density ( i . e ., the energy function ) of the distribution of interest by a quadratic function u0 for which hamiltonian dynamics can be solved analy ←
→ reconstruction error in a motion capture system ; marker - based motion capture ( mocap ) systems can be composed by several dozens of cameras with the purpose of reconstructing the trajectories of hundreds of targets . with a large amount of cameras it becomes interesting to determine the optimal reconstruction strategy . for such aim it is of fundamental importance to understand the information provided by different camera measurements and how they are combined , i . e . how the reconstruction error changes by cons ←
→ enhanced local binary patterns for automatic face recognition ; this paper presents a novel automatic face recognition approach based on local binary patterns ( lbp ). lbp descriptor considers a local neighbourhood of a pixel to compute the features . this method is not very robust to handle image noise , variances and different illumination conditions . in this paper , we address these issues and extend the original lbp operator by considering more pixels and different neighbourhoods to compute the feature vecto ←
→ direct computation of diagnoses for ontology debugging ; modern ontology debugging methods allow efficient identification and localization of faulty axioms defined by a user while developing an ontology . the ontology development process in this case is characterized by rather frequent and regular calls to a reasoner resulting in an early user awareness of modeling errors . in such a scenario an ontology usually includes only a small number of conflict sets , i . e . sets of axioms preserving the faults . this pro ←
→ robust registration of gaussian mixtures for colour transfer ; we present a flexible approach to colour transfer inspired by techniques recently proposed for shape registration . colour distributions of the palette and target images are modelled with gaussian mixture models ( gmms ) that are robustly registered to infer a non linear parametric transfer function . we show experimentally that our approach compares well to current techniques both quantitatively and qualitatively . moreover , our technique is computa ←
→ supervised classification of dermatological diseases by deep neural networks ; this paper introduces a deep learning based classifier for common skin ailments , to help people without easy access to dermatologists . we have confirmed that it can classify at approximately 80 % accuracy on average , when primary care doctors are reported to have 53 % success as per recent literature . dermatological diseases are common in every population and have a wide spectrum in severity . with a shortage of dermatological exp ←
→ multi - label prediction via compressed sensing ; we consider multi - label prediction problems with large output spaces under the assumption of output sparsity -- that the target ( label ) vectors have small support . we develop a general theory for a variant of the popular error correcting output code scheme , using ideas from compressed sensing for exploiting this sparsity . the method can be regarded as a simple reduction from multi - label regression problems to binary regression problems . we show that the number ←
→ from monte carlo to las vegas : improving restricted boltzmann machine training through stopping sets ; we propose a las vegas transformation of markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) estimators of restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ). we denote our approach markov chain las vegas ( mclv ). mclv gives statistical guarantees in exchange for random running times . mclv uses a stopping set built from the training data and has maximum number of markov chain steps k ( referred as mclv - k ). we present a mclv - k gradient esti ←
→ vote - boosting ensembles ; vote - boosting is a sequential ensemble learning method in which the individual classifiers are built on different weighted versions of the training data . to build a new classifier , the weight of each training instance is determined in terms of the degree of disagreement among the current ensemble predictions for that instance . for low class - label noise levels , especially when simple base learners are used , emphasis should be made on instances for which the disagreement rate is high ←
→ phase and tv based convex sets for blind deconvolution of microscopic images ; in this article , two closed and convex sets for blind deconvolution problem are proposed . most blurring functions in microscopy are symmetric with respect to the origin . therefore , they do not modify the phase of the fourier transform ( ft ) of the original image . as a result blurred image and the original image have the same ft phase . therefore , the set of images with a prescribed ft phase can be used as a constraint set in blin ←
→ splatnet : sparse lattice networks for point cloud processing ; we present a network architecture for processing point clouds that directly operates on the collection of points represented as a sparse set of samples in a high - dimensional lattice . naively applying convolutions on this lattice scales poorly both in terms of memory and computational cost as the size of the lattice increases . instead , our network uses sparse bilateral convolutional layers as building blocks . these layers maintain efficiency by u ←
→ coalition formation for multi - agent pursuit based on neural network and agrmf model ; an approach for coalition formation of multi - agent pursuit based on neural network and agrmf model is proposed . this paper constructs a novel neural work called agrmf - ann which consists of feature extraction part and group generation part . on one hand , the convolutional layers of feature extraction part can abstract the features of agent group role membership function ( agrmf ) for all of the groups , on the other hand , those fe ←
→ on inconsistency indices and inconsistency axioms in pairwise comparisons ; pairwise comparisons are an important tool of modern ( multiple criteria ) decision making . since human judgments are often inconsistent , many studies focused on the ways how to express and measure this inconsistency , and several inconsistency indices were proposed as an alternative to saaty inconsistency index and inconsistency ratio for reciprocal pairwise comparisons matrices . this paper aims to : firstly , introduce a new measure ←
→ syntax - aware multi - sense word embeddings for deep compositional models of meaning ; deep compositional models of meaning acting on distributional representations of words in order to produce vectors of larger text constituents are evolving to a popular area of nlp research . we detail a compositional distributional framework based on a rich form of word embeddings that aims at facilitating the interactions between words in the context of a sentence . embeddings and composition layers are jointly learned aga ←
→ semi - supervised information - maximization clustering ; semi - supervised clustering aims to introduce prior knowledge in the decision process of a clustering algorithm . in this paper , we propose a novel semi - supervised clustering algorithm based on the information - maximization principle . the proposed method is an extension of a previous unsupervised information - maximization clustering algorithm based on squared - loss mutual information to effectively incorporate must - links and cannot - links . the proposed method ←
→ a neural network and iterative optimization hybrid for dempster - shafer clustering ; in this paper we extend an earlier result within dempster - shafer theory [" fast dempster - shafer clustering using a neural network structure ," in proc . seventh int . conf . information processing and management of uncertainty in knowledge - based systems ( ipmu 98 )] where a large number of pieces of evidence are clustered into subsets by a neural network structure . the clustering is done by minimizing a metaconflict function . pre ←
→ single shot temporal action detection ; temporal action detection is a very important yet challenging problem , since videos in real applications are usually long , untrimmed and contain multiple action instances . this problem requires not only recognizing action categories but also detecting start time and end time of each action instance . many state - of - the - art methods adopt the " detection by classification " framework : first do proposal , and then classify proposals . the main drawback of this framework is tha ←
→ multi - agents dynamic case based reasoning and the inverse longest common sub - sequence and individualized follow - up of learners in the cehl ; in e - learning , there is still the problem of knowing how to ensure an individualized and continuous learner ' s follow - up during learning process , indeed among the numerous tools proposed , very few systems concentrate on a real time learner ' s follow - up . our work in this field develops the design and implementation of a multi - agents system based on dynamic case based re ←
→ considerations upon the machine learning technologies ; artificial intelligence offers superior techniques and methods by which problems from diverse domains may find an optimal solution . the machine learning technologies refer to the domain of artificial intelligence aiming to develop the techniques allowing the computers to " learn ". some systems based on machine learning technologies tend to eliminate the necessity of the human intelligence while the others adopt a man - machine collaborative approach .←
→ revolutionary algorithms ; the optimization of dynamic problems is both widespread and difficult . when conducting dynamic optimization , a balance between reinitialization and computational expense has to be found . there are multiple approaches to this . in parallel genetic algorithms , multiple sub - populations concurrently try to optimize a potentially dynamic problem . but as the number of sub - population increases , their efficiency decreases . cultural algorithms provide a framework that has the potential to m ←
→ spatiotemporal articulated models for dynamic slam ; we propose an online spatiotemporal articulation model estimation framework that estimates both articulated structure as well as a temporal prediction model solely using passive observations . the resulting model can predict future mo - tions of an articulated object with high confidence because of the spatial and temporal structure . we demonstrate the effectiveness of the predictive model by incorporating it within a standard simultaneous localization and ←
→ extend commitment protocols with temporal regulations : why and how ; the proposal of elisa marengo ' s thesis is to extend commitment protocols to explicitly account for temporal regulations . this extension will satisfy two needs : ( 1 ) it will allow representing , in a flexible and modular way , temporal regulations with a normative force , posed on the interaction , so as to represent conventions , laws and suchlike ; ( 2 ) it will allow committing to complex conditions , which describe not only what will be achieved ←
→ the semantics of kalah game ; the present work consisted in developing a plateau game . there are the traditional ones ( monopoly , cluedo , ect .) but those which interest us leave less place at the chance ( luck ) than to the strategy such that the chess game . kallah is an old african game , its rules are simple but the strategies to be used are very complex to implement . of course , they are based on a strongly mathematical basis as in the film " rain - man " where one can see that gambling can be payed with strategi ←
→ face recognition via centralized coordinate learning ; owe to the rapid development of deep neural network ( dnn ) techniques and the emergence of large scale face databases , face recognition has achieved a great success in recent years . during the training process of dnn , the face features and classification vectors to be learned will interact with each other , while the distribution of face features will largely affect the convergence status of network and the face similarity computing in test stage . in this ←
→ learning mixtures of linear regressions with nearly optimal complexity ; mixtures of linear regressions ( mlr ) is an important mixture model with many applications . in this model , each observation is generated from one of the several unknown linear regression components , where the identity of the generated component is also unknown . previous works either assume strong assumptions on the data distribution or have high complexity . this paper proposes a fixed parameter tractable algorithm for the problem under ←
→ poker - cnn : a pattern learning strategy for making draws and bets in poker games ; poker is a family of card games that includes many variations . we hypothesize that most poker games can be solved as a pattern matching problem , and propose creating a strong poker playing system based on a unified poker representation . our poker player learns through iterative self - play , and improves its understanding of the game by training on the results of its previous actions without sophisticated domain knowledge . we e ←
→ fundamentals of mathematical theory of emotional robots ; in this book we introduce a mathematically formalized concept of emotion , robot ' s education and other psychological parameters of intelligent robots . we also introduce unitless coefficients characterizing an emotional memory of a robot . besides , the effect of a robot ' s memory upon its emotional behavior is studied , and theorems defining fellowship and conflicts in groups of robots are proved . also unitless parameters describing emotional states of th ←
→ evolutionary inference for function - valued traits : gaussian process regression on phylogenies ; biological data objects often have both of the following features : ( i ) they are functions rather than single numbers or vectors , and ( ii ) they are correlated due to phylogenetic relationships . in this paper we give a flexible statistical model for such data , by combining assumptions from phylogenetics with gaussian processes . we describe its use as a nonparametric bayesian prior distribution , both for predictio ←
→ optical flow requires multiple strategies ( but only one network ) ; we show that the matching problem that underlies optical flow requires multiple strategies , depending on the amount of image motion and other factors . we then study the implications of this observation on training a deep neural network for representing image patches in the context of descriptor based optical flow . we propose a metric learning method , which selects suitable negative samples based on the nature of the true match . this type of ←
→ learning without forgetting ; when building a unified vision system or gradually adding new capabilities to a system , the usual assumption is that training data for all tasks is always available . however , as the number of tasks grows , storing and retraining on such data becomes infeasible . a new problem arises where we add new capabilities to a convolutional neural network ( cnn ), but the training data for its existing capabilities are unavailable . we propose our learning without forgetting method , which use ←
→ hyperspectral image superresolution : an edge - preserving convex formulation ; hyperspectral remote sensing images ( hsis ) are characterized by having a low spatial resolution and a high spectral resolution , whereas multispectral images ( msis ) are characterized by low spectral and high spatial resolutions . these complementary characteristics have stimulated active research in the inference of images with high spatial and spectral resolutions from hsi - msi pairs . in this paper , we formulate this data fusion ←
→ online nonnegative matrix factorization with outliers ; we propose a unified and systematic framework for performing online nonnegative matrix factorization in the presence of outliers . our framework is particularly suited to large - scale data . we propose two solvers based on projected gradient descent and the alternating direction method of multipliers . we prove that the sequence of objective values converges almost surely by appealing to the quasi - martingale convergence theorem . we also show the sequence o ←
→ generating images with perceptual similarity metrics based on deep networks ; image - generating machine learning models are typically trained with loss functions based on distance in the image space . this often leads to over - smoothed results . we propose a class of loss functions , which we call deep perceptual similarity metrics ( deepsim ), that mitigate this problem . instead of computing distances in the image space , we compute distances between image features extracted by deep neural networks . this metric ←
→ fast and scalable learning of sparse changes in high - dimensional gaussian graphical model structure ; we focus on the problem of estimating the change in the dependency structures of two $ p $- dimensional gaussian graphical models ( ggms ). previous studies for sparse change estimation in ggms involve expensive and difficult non - smooth optimization . we propose a novel method , diffee for estimating differential networks via an elementary estimator under a high - dimensional situation . diffee is solved through a ←
→ issues , challenges and tools of clustering algorithms ; clustering is an unsupervised technique of data mining . it means grouping similar objects together and separating the dissimilar ones . each object in the data set is assigned a class label in the clustering process using a distance measure . this paper has captured the problems that are faced in real when clustering algorithms are implemented . it also considers the most extensively used tools which are readily available and support functions which ease t ←
→ optimization beyond the convolution : generalizing spatial relations with end - to - end metric learning ; to operate intelligently in domestic environments , robots require the ability to understand arbitrary spatial relations between objects and to generalize them to objects of varying sizes and shapes . in this work , we present a novel end - to - end approach to generalize spatial relations based on distance metric learning . we train a neural network to transform 3d point clouds of objects to a metric space that ←
→ training a restricted boltzmann machine for classification by labeling model samples ; we propose an alternative method for training a classification model . using the mnist set of handwritten digits and restricted boltzmann machines , it is possible to reach a classification performance competitive to semi - supervised learning if we first train a model in an unsupervised fashion on unlabeled data only , and then manually add labels to model samples instead of training data samples with the help of a gui . thi ←
→ the wilson machine for image modeling ; learning the distribution of natural images is one of the hardest and most important problems in machine learning . the problem remains open , because the enormous complexity of the structures in natural images spans all length scales . we break down the complexity of the problem and show that the hierarchy of structures in natural images fuels a new class of learning algorithms based on the theory of critical phenomena and stochastic processes . we approach this problem ←
→ modelling semantic association and conceptual inheritance for semantic analysis ; allowing users to interact through language borders is an interesting challenge for information technology . for the purpose of a computer assisted language learning system , we have chosen icons for representing meaning on the input interface , since icons do not depend on a particular language . however , a key limitation of this type of communication is the expression of articulated ideas instead of isolated concepts . we propo ←
→ learning to detect chest radiographs containing lung nodules using visual attention networks ; machine learning approaches hold great potential for the automated detection of lung nodules in chest radiographs , but training the algorithms requires vary large amounts of manually annotated images , which are difficult to obtain . weak labels indicating whether a radiograph is likely to contain pulmonary nodules are typically easier to obtain at scale by parsing historical free - text radiological reports associa ←
→ distributed detection : finite - time analysis and impact of network topology ; this paper addresses the problem of distributed detection in multi - agent networks . agents receive private signals about an unknown state of the world . the underlying state is globally identifiable , yet informative signals may be dispersed throughout the network . using an optimization - based framework , we develop an iterative local strategy for updating individual beliefs . in contrast to the existing literature which focuses on as ←
→ loopy belief propagation for approximate inference : an empirical study ; recently , researchers have demonstrated that loopy belief propagation - the use of pearls polytree algorithm in a bayesian network with loops of error - correcting codes . the most dramatic instance of this is the near shannon - limit performance of turbo codes codes whose decoding algorithm is equivalent to loopy belief propagation in a chain - structured bayesian network . in this paper we ask : is there something special about the error ←
→ the assumptions behind dempster ' s rule ; this paper examines the concept of a combination rule for belief functions . it is shown that two fairly simple and apparently reasonable assumptions determine dempster ' s rule , giving a new justification for it .←
→ quadratically constrained quadratic programming for classification using particle swarms and applications ; particle swarm optimization is used in several combinatorial optimization problems . in this work , particle swarms are used to solve quadratic programming problems with quadratic constraints . the approach of particle swarms is an example for interior point methods in optimization as an iterative technique . this approach is novel and deals with classification problems without the use of a traditional ←
→ incremental tube construction for human action detection ; current state - of - the - art action detection systems are tailored for offline batch - processing applications . however , for online applications like human - robot interaction , current systems fall short , either because they only detect one action per video , or because they assume that the entire video is available ahead of time . in this work , we introduce a real - time and online joint - labelling and association algorithm for action detection that can increme ←
→ argumentation as a general framework for uncertain reasoning ; argumentation is the process of constructing arguments about propositions , and the assignment of statements of confidence to those propositions based on the nature and relative strength of their supporting arguments . the process is modelled as a labelled deductive system , in which propositions are doubly labelled with the grounds on which they are based and a representation of the confidence attached to the argument . argument construction is cap ←
→ conditional indifference and conditional preservation ; the idea of preserving conditional beliefs emerged recently as a new paradigm apt to guide the revision of epistemic states . conditionals are substantially different from propositional beliefs and need specific treatment . in this paper , we present a new approach to conditionals , capturing particularly well their dynamic part as revision policies . we thoroughly axiomatize a principle of conditional preservation as an indifference property with respect t ←
→ many paths to equilibrium : gans do not need to decrease a divergence at every step ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are a family of generative models that do not minimize a single training criterion . unlike other generative models , the data distribution is learned via a game between a generator ( the generative model ) and a discriminator ( a teacher providing training signal ) that each minimize their own cost . gans are designed to reach a nash equilibrium at which each player cannot reduce their cos ←
→ context - based word acquisition for situated dialogue in a virtual world ; to tackle the vocabulary problem in conversational systems , previous work has applied unsupervised learning approaches on co - occurring speech and eye gaze during interaction to automatically acquire new words . although these approaches have shown promise , several issues related to human language behavior and human - machine conversation have not been addressed . first , psycholinguistic studies have shown certain temporal regularities bet ←
→ on modeling profiles instead of values ; we consider the problem of estimating the distribution underlying an observed sample of data . instead of maximum likelihood , which maximizes the probability of the ob served values , we propose a different estimate , the high - profile distribution , which maximizes the probability of the observed profile the number of symbols appearing any given number of times . we determine the high - profile distribution of several data samples , establish some of its general properties , ←
→ a framework for multi - a ( rmed )/ b ( andit ) testing with online fdr control ; we propose an alternative framework to existing setups for controlling false alarms when multiple a / b tests are run over time . this setup arises in many practical applications , e . g . when pharmaceutical companies test new treatment options against control pills for different diseases , or when internet companies test their default webpages versus various alternatives over time . our framework proposes to replace a sequence of a / b tests by ←
→ spectral motion synchronization in se ( 3 ) ; this paper addresses the problem of motion synchronization ( or averaging ) and describes a simple , closed - form solution based on a spectral decomposition , which does not consider rotation and translation separately but works straight in se ( 3 ), the manifold of rigid motions . besides its theoretical interest , being the first closed form solution in se ( 3 ), experimental results show that it compares favourably with the state of the art both in terms of precision and spe ←
→ training an adaptive dialogue policy for interactive learning of visually grounded word meanings ; we present a multi - modal dialogue system for interactive learning of perceptually grounded word meanings from a human tutor . the system integrates an incremental , semantic parsing / generation framework - dynamic syntax and type theory with records ( ds - ttr ) - with a set of visual classifiers that are learned throughout the interaction and which ground the meaning representations that it produces . we use this s ←
→ towards bursting filter bubble via contextual risks and uncertainties ; a rising topic in computational journalism is how to enhance the diversity in news served to subscribers to foster exploration behavior in news reading . despite the success of preference learning in personalized news recommendation , their over - exploitation causes filter bubble that isolates readers from opposing viewpoints and hurts long - term user experiences with lack of serendipity . since news providers can recommend neither opposite ←
→ structured knowledge representation for image retrieval ; we propose a structured approach to the problem of retrieval of images by content and present a description logic that has been devised for the semantic indexing and retrieval of images containing complex objects . as other approaches do , we start from low - level features extracted with image analysis to detect and characterize regions in an image . however , in contrast with feature - based approaches , we provide a syntax to describe segmented regions as ←
→ simultaneous perturbation algorithms for batch off - policy search ; we propose novel policy search algorithms in the context of off - policy , batch mode reinforcement learning ( rl ) with continuous state and action spaces . given a batch collection of trajectories , we perform off - line policy evaluation using an algorithm similar to that by [ fonteneau et al ., 2010 ]. using this monte - carlo like policy evaluator , we perform policy search in a class of parameterized policies . we propose both first order policy gradi ←
→ automatic segmentation and disease classification using cardiac cine mr images ; segmentation of the heart in cardiac cine mr is clinically used to quantify cardiac function . we propose a fully automatic method for segmentation and disease classification using cardiac cine mr images . a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) was designed to simultaneously segment the left ventricle ( lv ), right ventricle ( rv ) and myocardium in end - diastole ( ed ) and end - systole ( es ) images . features derived from the obtained seg ←
→ gaze embeddings for zero - shot image classification ; zero - shot image classification using auxiliary information , such as attributes describing discriminative object properties , requires time - consuming annotation by domain experts . we instead propose a method that relies on human gaze as auxiliary information , exploiting that even non - expert users have a natural ability to judge class membership . we present a data collection paradigm that involves a discrimination task to increase the information content obt ←
→ automated words stability and languages phylogeny ; the idea of measuring distance between languages seems to have its roots in the work of the french explorer dumont d ' urville ( d ' urville 1832 ). he collected comparative words lists of various languages during his voyages aboard the astrolabe from 1826 to1829 and , in his work about the geographical division of the pacific , he proposed a method to measure the degree of relation among languages . the method used by modern glottochronology , developed by morris s ←
→ hypothesis testing for densities and high - dimensional multinomials : sharp local minimax rates ; we consider the goodness - of - fit testing problem of distinguishing whether the data are drawn from a specified distribution , versus a composite alternative separated from the null in the total variation metric . in the discrete case , we consider goodness - of - fit testing when the null distribution has a possibly growing or unbounded number of categories . in the continuous case , we consider testing a lipschitz densi ←
→ lamarckian evolution and the baldwin effect in evolutionary neural networks ; hybrid neuro - evolutionary algorithms may be inspired on darwinian or lamarckian evolu - tion . in the case of darwinian evolution , the baldwin effect , that is , the progressive incorporation of learned characteristics to the genotypes , can be observed and leveraged to improve the search . the purpose of this paper is to carry out an exper - imental study into how learning can improve g - prop genetic search . two ways of combining learn ←
→ effective object tracking in unstructured crowd scenes ; in this paper , we are presenting a rotation variant oriented texture curve ( otc ) descriptor based mean shift algorithm for tracking an object in an unstructured crowd scene . the proposed algorithm works by first obtaining the otc features for a manually selected object target , then a visual vocabulary is created by using all the otc features of the target . the target histogram is obtained using codebook encoding method which is then used in mean shift ←
→ interfacing constraint - based grammars and generation algorithms ; constraint - based grammars can , in principle , serve as the major linguistic knowledge source for both parsing and generation . surface generation starts from input semantics representations that may vary across grammars . for many declarative grammars , the concept of derivation implicitly built in is that of parsing . they may thus not be interpretable by a generation algorithm . we show that linguistically plausible semantic analyses can cause se ←
→ understanding zipf ' s law of word frequencies through sample - space collapse in sentence formation ; the formation of sentences is a highly structured and history - dependent process . the probability of using a specific word in a sentence strongly depends on the ' history ' of word - usage earlier in that sentence . we study a simple history - dependent model of text generation assuming that the sample - space of word usage reduces along sentence formation , on average . we first show that the model explains the approxi ←
→ boosting the differences : a fast bayesian classifier neural network ; a bayesian classifier that up - weights the differences in the attribute values is discussed . using four popular datasets from the uci repository , some interesting features of the network are illustrated . the network is suitable for classification problems .←
→ social emotion mining techniques for facebook posts reaction prediction ; as of february 2016 facebook allows users to express their experienced emotions about a post by using five so - called ` reactions '. this research paper proposes and evaluates alternative methods for predicting these reactions to user posts on public pages of firms / companies ( like supermarket chains ). for this purpose , we collected posts ( and their reactions ) from facebook pages of large supermarket chains and constructed a dataset which ←
→ nonnegative matrix factorization for semi - supervised dimensionality reduction ; we show how to incorporate information from labeled examples into nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ), a popular unsupervised learning algorithm for dimensionality reduction . in addition to mapping the data into a space of lower dimensionality , our approach aims to preserve the nonnegative components of the data that are important for classification . we identify these components from the support vectors of large - margin clas ←
→ a critical investigation of deep reinforcement learning for navigation ; the navigation problem is classically approached in two steps : an exploration step , where map - information about the environment is gathered ; and an exploitation step , where this information is used to navigate efficiently . deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) algorithms , alternatively , approach the problem of navigation in an end - to - end fashion . inspired by the classical approach , we ask whether drl algorithms are able to inherently explo ←
→ state - of - the - art in retinal optical coherence tomography image analysis ; optical coherence tomography ( oct ) is one of the most emerging imaging modalities that has been used widely in the field of biomedical imaging . from its emergence in 1990 ' s , plenty of hardware and software improvements have been made . its applications range from ophthalmology to dermatology to coronary imaging etc . here , the focus is on applications of oct in ophthalmology and retinal imaging . oct is able to non - invasively produce cro ←
→ fuzzy inequational logic ; we present a logic for reasoning about graded inequalities which generalizes the ordinary inequational logic used in universal algebra . the logic deals with atomic predicate formulas of the form of inequalities between terms and formalizes their semantic entailment and provability in graded setting which allows to draw partially true conclusions from partially true assumptions . we follow the pavelka approach and define general degrees of semantic entailment and provability using c ←
→ fusionseg : learning to combine motion and appearance for fully automatic segmention of generic objects in videos ; we propose an end - to - end learning framework for segmenting generic objects in videos . our method learns to combine appearance and motion information to produce pixel level segmentation masks for all prominent objects in videos . we formulate this task as a structured prediction problem and design a two - stream fully convolutional neural network which fuses together motion and appearance in a un ←
→ visual analytics in fca - based clustering ; visual analytics is a subdomain of data analysis which combines both human and machine analytical abilities and is applied mostly in decision - making and data mining tasks . triclustering , based on formal concept analysis ( fca ), was developed to detect groups of objects with similar properties under similar conditions . it is used in social network analysis ( sna ) and is a basis for certain types of recommender systems . the problem of triclustering algorithms is that t ←
→ visual language modeling on cnn image representations ; measuring the naturalness of images is important to generate realistic images or to detect unnatural regions in images . additionally , a method to measure naturalness can be complementary to convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based features , which are known to be insensitive to the naturalness of images . however , most probabilistic image models have insufficient capability of modeling the complex and abstract naturalness that we feel because they are bu ←
→ algorithms for generalized cluster - wise linear regression ; cluster - wise linear regression ( clr ), a clustering problem intertwined with regression , is to find clusters of entities such that the overall sum of squared errors from regressions performed over these clusters is minimized , where each cluster may have different variances . we generalize the clr problem by allowing each entity to have more than one observation , and refer to it as generalized clr . we propose an exact mathematical programming based ap ←
→ electrocardiography separation of mother and baby ; extraction of electrocardiography ( ecg or ekg ) signals of mother and baby is a challenging task , because one single device is used and it receives a mixture of multiple heart beats . in this paper , we would like to design a filter to separate the signals from each other .←
→ sinkhorn distances : lightspeed computation of optimal transportation distances ; optimal transportation distances are a fundamental family of parameterized distances for histograms . despite their appealing theoretical properties , excellent performance in retrieval tasks and intuitive formulation , their computation involves the resolution of a linear program whose cost is prohibitive whenever the histograms ' dimension exceeds a few hundreds . we propose in this work a new family of optimal transportation di ←
→ care about you : towards large - scale human - centric visual relationship detection ; visual relationship detection aims to capture interactions between pairs of objects in images . relationships between objects and humans represent a particularly important subset of this problem , with implications for challenges such as understanding human behaviour , and identifying affordances , amongst others . in addressing this problem we first construct a large - scale human - centric visual relationship detection dataset ( hcv ←
→ active expansion sampling for learning feasible domains in an unbounded input space ; many engineering problems require identifying feasible domains under implicit constraints . one example is finding acceptable car body styling designs based on constraints like aesthetics and functionality . current active - learning based methods learn feasible domains for bounded input spaces . however , we usually lack prior knowledge about how to set those input variable bounds . bounds that are too small will fail to cover ←
→ robustness of control point configurations for homography and planar pose estimation ; in this paper , we investigate the influence of the spatial configuration of a number of $ n \ geq 4 $ control points on the accuracy and robustness of space resection methods , e . g . used by a fiducial marker for pose estimation . we find robust configurations of control points by minimizing the first order perturbed solution of the dlt algorithm which is equivalent to minimizing the condition number of the data matrix . an em ←
→ proximal methods for hierarchical sparse coding ; sparse coding consists in representing signals as sparse linear combinations of atoms selected from a dictionary . we consider an extension of this framework where the atoms are further assumed to be embedded in a tree . this is achieved using a recently introduced tree - structured sparse regularization norm , which has proven useful in several applications . this norm leads to regularized problems that are difficult to optimize , and we propose in this paper effi ←
→ approximate inference with amortised mcmc ; we propose a novel approximate inference algorithm that approximates a target distribution by amortising the dynamics of a user - selected mcmc sampler . the idea is to initialise mcmc using samples from an approximation network , apply the mcmc operator to improve these samples , and finally use the samples to update the approximation network thereby improving its quality . this provides a new generic framework for approximate inference , allowing us to deploy highly co ←
→ text2shape : generating shapes from natural language by learning joint embeddings ; we present a method for generating colored 3d shapes from natural language . to this end , we first learn joint embeddings of freeform text descriptions and colored 3d shapes . our model combines and extends learning by association and metric learning approaches to learn implicit cross - modal connections , and produces a joint representation that captures the many - to - many relations between language and physical properties of 3d ←
→ online ranking : discrete choice , spearman correlation and other feedback ; given a set $ v $ of $ n $ objects , an online ranking system outputs at each time step a full ranking of the set , observes a feedback of some form and suffers a loss . we study the setting in which the ( adversarial ) feedback is an element in $ v $, and the loss is the position ( 0th , 1st , 2nd ...) of the item in the outputted ranking . more generally , we study a setting in which the feedback is a subset $ u $ of at most $ k $ elements in $ v $, and ←
→ cnn fixations : an unraveling approach to visualize the discriminative image regions ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have revolutionized various fields of vision research and have seen unprecedented adoption for multiple tasks such as classification , detection , captioning , etc . however , they offer little transparency into their inner workings and are often treated as black boxes that deliver excellent performance . in this work , we aim at alleviating this opaqueness of cnns by providing visual ex ←
→ comparing a statistical and a rule - based tagger for german ; in this paper we present the results of comparing a statistical tagger for german based on decision trees and a rule - based brill - tagger for german . we used the same training corpus ( and therefore the same tag - set ) to train both taggers . we then applied the taggers to the same test corpus and compared their respective behavior and in particular their error rates . both taggers perform similarly with an error rate of around 5 %. from the detailed erro ←
→ multimodal semantic simulations of linguistically underspecified motion events ; in this paper , we describe a system for generating three - dimensional visual simulations of natural language motion expressions . we use a rich formal model of events and their participants to generate simulations that satisfy the minimal constraints entailed by the associated utterance , relying on semantic knowledge of physical objects and motion events . this paper outlines technical considerations and discusses implementing t ←
→ predicting multicellular function through multi - layer tissue networks ; motivation : understanding functions of proteins in specific human tissues is essential for insights into disease diagnostics and therapeutics , yet prediction of tissue - specific cellular function remains a critical challenge for biomedicine . results : here we present ohmnet , a hierarchy - aware unsupervised node feature learning approach for multi - layer networks . we build a multi - layer network , where each layer represents molecular intera ←
→ strong neutrosophic graphs and subgraph topological subspaces ; in this book authors for the first time introduce the notion of strong neutrosophic graphs . they are very different from the usual graphs and neutrosophic graphs . using these new structures special subgraph topological spaces are defined . further special lattice graph of subgraphs of these graphs are defined and described . several interesting properties using subgraphs of a strong neutrosophic graph are obtained . several open conjectures are pr ←
→ hierarchical mixture - of - experts model for large - scale gaussian process regression ; we propose a practical and scalable gaussian process model for large - scale nonlinear probabilistic regression . our mixture - of - experts model is conceptually simple and hierarchically recombines computations for an overall approximation of a full gaussian process . closed - form and distributed computations allow for efficient and massive parallelisation while keeping the memory consumption small . given sufficient computing res ←
→ a framework for enriching lexical semantic resources with distributional semantics ; we present an approach to combining distributional semantic representations induced from text corpora with manually constructed lexical - semantic networks . while both kinds of semantic resources are available with high lexical coverage , our aligned resource combines the domain specificity and availability of contextual information from distributional models with the conciseness and high quality of manually crafted lexical ←
→ interest - driven discovery of local process models ; local process models ( lpm ) describe structured fragments of process behavior occurring in the context of less structured business processes . traditional lpm discovery aims to generate a collection of process models that describe highly frequent behavior , but these models do not always provide useful answers for questions posed by process analysts aiming at business process improvement . we propose a framework for goal - driven lpm discovery , based on utility ←
→ an information theory for preferences ; recent literature in the last maximum entropy workshop introduced an analogy between cumulative probability distributions and normalized utility functions . based on this analogy , a utility density function can de defined as the derivative of a normalized utility function . a utility density function is non - negative and integrates to unity . these two properties form the basis of a correspondence between utility and probability . a natural application of this analogy is a ←
→ embedding words and senses together via joint knowledge - enhanced training ; word embeddings are widely used in natural language processing , mainly due to their success in capturing semantic information from massive corpora . however , their creation process does not allow the different meanings of a word to be automatically separated , as it conflates them into a single vector . we address this issue by proposing a new model which learns word and sense embeddings jointly . our model exploits large corpora and ←
→ cost - sensitive deep learning with layer - wise cost estimation ; while deep neural networks have succeeded in several visual applications , such as object recognition , detection , and localization , by reaching very high classification accuracies , it is important to note that many real - world applications demand vary - ing costs for different types of misclassification errors , thus requiring cost - sensitive classification algorithms . current models of deep neural networks for cost - sensitive classification are restr ←
→ jointly embedding relations and mentions for knowledge population ; this paper contributes a joint embedding model for predicting relations between a pair of entities in the scenario of relation inference . it differs from most stand - alone approaches which separately operate on either knowledge bases or free texts . the proposed model simultaneously learns low - dimensional vector representations for both triplets in knowledge repositories and the mentions of relations in free texts , so that we can leverage the ←
→ a gmm - based stair quality model for human perceived jpeg images ; based on the notion of just noticeable differences ( jnd ), a stair quality function ( sqf ) was recently proposed to model human perception on jpeg images . furthermore , a k - means clustering algorithm was adopted to aggregate jnd data collected from multiple subjects to generate a single sqf . in this work , we propose a new method to derive the sqf using the gaussian mixture model ( gmm ). the newly derived sqf can be interpreted as a way to charact ←
→ learning belief network structure from data under causal insufficiency ; though a belief network ( a representation of the joint probability distribution , see [ 3 ]) and a causal network ( a representation of causal relationships [ 14 ]) are intended to mean different things , they are closely related . both assume an underlying dag ( directed acyclic graph ) structure of relations among variables and if markov condition and faithfulness condition [ 15 ] are met , then a causal network is in fact a belief network . the d ←
→ building a sentiment corpus of tweets in brazilian portuguese ; the large amount of data available in social media , forums and websites motivates researches in several areas of natural language processing , such as sentiment analysis . the popularity of the area due to its subjective and semantic characteristics motivates research on novel methods and approaches for classification . hence , there is a high demand for datasets on different domains and different languages . this paper introduces tweetsentbr , a sen ←
→ neuron detection in stack images : a persistent homology interpretation ; automation and reliability are the two main requirements when computers are applied in life sciences . in this paper we report on an application to neuron recognition , an important step in our long - term project of providing software systems to the study of neural morphology and functionality from biomedical images . our algorithms have been implemented in an imagej plugin called neuronpersistentj , which has been validated experimentally .←
→ vbpr : visual bayesian personalized ranking from implicit feedback ; modern recommender systems model people and items by discovering or ` teasing apart ' the underlying dimensions that encode the properties of items and users ' preferences toward them . critically , such dimensions are uncovered based on user feedback , often in implicit form ( such as purchase histories , browsing logs , etc .); in addition , some recommender systems make use of side information , such as product attributes , temporal information , or r ←
→ second - order optimization for non - convex machine learning : an empirical study ; while first - order optimization methods such as stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) are popular in machine learning ( ml ), they come with well - known deficiencies , including relatively - slow convergence , sensitivity to the settings of hyper - parameters such as learning rate , stagnation at high training errors , and difficulty in escaping flat regions and saddle points . these issues are particularly acute in highly non - convex settings ←
→ efficient scene text localization and recognition with local character refinement ; an unconstrained end - to - end text localization and recognition method is presented . the method detects initial text hypothesis in a single pass by an efficient region - based method and subsequently refines the text hypothesis using a more robust local text model , which deviates from the common assumption of region - based methods that all characters are detected as connected components . additionally , a novel feature based on ←
→ a variational approach to the consistency of spectral clustering ; this paper establishes the consistency of spectral approaches to data clustering . we consider clustering of point clouds obtained as samples of a ground - truth measure . a graph representing the point cloud is obtained by assigning weights to edges based on the distance between the points they connect . we investigate the spectral convergence of both unnormalized and normalized graph laplacians towards the appropriate operators in the continuum ←
→ ph prediction by artificial neural networks for the drinking water of the distribution system of hyderabad city ; in this research , feedforward ann ( artificial neural network ) model is developed and validated for predicting the ph at 10 different locations of the distribution system of drinking water of hyderabad city . the developed model is mlp ( multilayer perceptron ) with back propagation algorithm . the data for the training and testing of the model are collected through an experimental analysis on weekl ←
→ a semi - lagrangian two - level preconditioned newton - krylov solver for constrained diffeomorphic image registration ; we propose an efficient numerical algorithm for the solution of diffeomorphic image registration problems . we use a variational formulation constrained by a partial differential equation ( pde ), where the constraints are a scalar transport equation . we use a pseudospectral discretization in space and second - order accurate semi - lagrangian time stepping scheme for the transport equations . we s ←
→ one - shot adaptation of supervised deep convolutional models ; dataset bias remains a significant barrier towards solving real world computer vision tasks . though deep convolutional networks have proven to be a competitive approach for image classification , a question remains : have these models have solved the dataset bias problem ? in general , training or fine - tuning a state - of - the - art deep model on a new domain requires a significant amount of data , which for many applications is simply not available . trans ←
→ zaliql : a sql - based framework for drawing causal inference from big data ; causal inference from observational data is a subject of active research and development in statistics and computer science . many toolkits have been developed for this purpose that depends on statistical software . however , these toolkits do not scale to large datasets . in this paper we describe a suite of techniques for expressing causal inference tasks from observational data in sql . this suite supports the state - of - the - art methods ←
→ controlled experiments for word embeddings ; an experimental approach to studying the properties of word embeddings is proposed . controlled experiments , achieved through modifications of the training corpus , permit the demonstration of direct relations between word properties and word vector direction and length . the approach is demonstrated using the word2vec cbow model with experiments that independently vary word frequency and word co - occurrence noise . the experiments reveal that word vector length depen ←
→ deep learning for physical processes : incorporating prior scientific knowledge ; we consider the use of deep learning methods for modeling complex phenomena like those occurring in natural physical processes . with the large amount of data gathered on these phenomena the data intensive paradigm could begin to challenge more traditional approaches elaborated over the years in fields like maths or physics . however , despite considerable successes in a variety of application domains , the machine learning field ←
→ pde - net : learning pdes from data ; in this paper , we present an initial attempt to learn evolution pdes from data . inspired by the latest development of neural network designs in deep learning , we propose a new feed - forward deep network , called pde - net , to fulfill two objectives at the same time : to accurately predict dynamics of complex systems and to uncover the underlying hidden pde models . the basic idea of the proposed pde - net is to learn differential operators by learning convolution kernels ( filters )←
→ a new kind of hopfield networks for finding global optimum ; the hopfield network has been applied to solve optimization problems over decades . however , it still has many limitations in accomplishing this task . most of them are inherited from the optimization algorithms it implements . the computation of a hopfield network , defined by a set of difference equations , can easily be trapped into one local optimum or another , sensitive to initial conditions , perturbations , and neuron update orders . it doesn ' t kno ←
→ improving policy gradient by exploring under - appreciated rewards ; this paper presents a novel form of policy gradient for model - free reinforcement learning ( rl ) with improved exploration properties . current policy - based methods use entropy regularization to encourage undirected exploration of the reward landscape , which is ineffective in high dimensional spaces with sparse rewards . we propose a more directed exploration strategy that promotes exploration of under - appreciated reward regions . an action seque ←
→ top - rank enhanced listwise optimization for statistical machine translation ; pairwise ranking methods are the basis of many widely used discriminative training approaches for structure prediction problems in natural language processing ( nlp ). decomposing the problem of ranking hypotheses into pairwise comparisons enables simple and efficient solutions . however , neglecting the global ordering of the hypothesis list may hinder learning . we propose a listwise learning framework for structure prediction probl ←
→ applying deep learning to classify pornographic images and videos ; it is no secret that pornographic material is now a one - click - away from everyone , including children and minors . general social media networks are striving to isolate adult images and videos from normal ones . intelligent image analysis methods can help to automatically detect and isolate questionable images in media . unfortunately , these methods require vast experience to design the classifier including one or more of the popular computer v ←
→ full quantification of left ventricle via deep multitask learning network respecting intra - and inter - task relatedness ; cardiac left ventricle ( lv ) quantification is among the most clinically important tasks for identification and diagnosis of cardiac diseases , yet still a challenge due to the high variability of cardiac structure and the complexity of temporal dynamics . full quantification , i . e ., to simultaneously quantify all lv indices including two areas ( cavity and myocardium ), six regional wall thi ←
→ fully adaptive algorithm for pure exploration in linear bandits ; we propose the first fully - adaptive algorithm for pure exploration in linear bandits --- the task to find the arm with the largest expected reward , which depends on an unknown parameter linearly . while existing methods partially or entirely fix sequences of arm selections before observing rewards , our method adaptively changes the arm selection strategy based on past observations at each round . we show our sample complexity matches the achievab ←
→ regularized least - mean - square algorithms ; we consider adaptive system identification problems with convex constraints and propose a family of regularized least - mean - square ( lms ) algorithms . we show that with a properly selected regularization parameter the regularized lms provably dominates its conventional counterpart in terms of mean square deviations . we establish simple and closed - form expressions for choosing this regularization parameter . for identifying an unknown sparse system we propose sparse and ←
→ learning to generate long - term future via hierarchical prediction ; we propose a hierarchical approach for making long - term predictions of future frames . to avoid inherent compounding errors in recursive pixel - level prediction , we propose to first estimate high - level structure in the input frames , then predict how that structure evolves in the future , and finally by observing a single frame from the past and the predicted high - level structure , we construct the future frames without having to observe any of ←
→ enhancing pure - pixel identification performance via preconditioning ; in this paper , we analyze different preconditionings designed to enhance robustness of pure - pixel search algorithms , which are used for blind hyperspectral unmixing and which are equivalent to near - separable nonnegative matrix factorization algorithms . our analysis focuses on the successive projection algorithm ( spa ), a simple , efficient and provably robust algorithm in the pure - pixel algorithm class . recently , a provably robust precondit ←
→ structure - preserving image super - resolution via contextualized multi - task learning ; single image super resolution ( sr ), which refers to reconstruct a higher - resolution ( hr ) image from the observed low - resolution ( lr ) image , has received substantial attention due to its tremendous application potentials . despite the breakthroughs of recently proposed sr methods using convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), their generated results usually lack of preserving structural ( high - frequency ) details . in this paper ,←
→ a fully data - driven method to identify ( correlated ) changes in diachronic corpora ; in this paper , a method for measuring synchronic corpus ( dis -) similarity put forward by kilgarriff ( 2001 ) is adapted and extended to identify trends and correlated changes in diachronic text data , using the corpus of historical american english ( davies 2010a ) and the google ngram corpora ( michel et al . 2010a ). this paper shows that this fully data - driven method , which extracts word types that have undergone the most pronou ←
→ fast lexically constrained viterbi algorithm ( flcva ): simultaneous optimization of speed and memory ; lexical constraints on the input of speech and on - line handwriting systems improve the performance of such systems . a significant gain in speed can be achieved by integrating in a digraph structure the different hidden markov models ( hmm ) corresponding to the words of the relevant lexicon . this integration avoids redundant computations by sharing intermediate results between hmm ' s corresponding to differe ←
→ exploiting first - order regression in inductive policy selection ; we consider the problem of computing optimal generalised policies for relational markov decision processes . we describe an approach combining some of the benefits of purely inductive techniques with those of symbolic dynamic programming methods . the latter reason about the optimal value function using first - order decision theoretic regression and formula rewriting , while the former , when provided with a suitable hypotheses language , are capab ←
→ separating reflection and transmission images in the wild ; the reflections caused by common semi - reflectors , such as glass windows , can severely impact the performance of computer vision algorithms . state - of - the - art works can successfully remove reflections on synthetic data and in controlled scenarios . however , they are based on strong assumptions and fail to generalize to real - world images --- even when they leverage polarization . we present a deep learning approach to separate the reflected and the transm ←
→ learning from missing data using selection bias in movie recommendation ; recommending items to users is a challenging task due to the large amount of missing information . in many cases , the data solely consist of ratings or tags voluntarily contributed by each user on a very limited subset of the available items , so that most of the data of potential interest is actually missing . current approaches to recommendation usually assume that the unobserved data is missing at random . in this contribution , we prov ←
→ a diffusion process on riemannian manifold for visual tracking ; robust visual tracking for long video sequences is a research area that has many important applications . the main challenges include how the target image can be modeled and how this model can be updated . in this paper , we model the target using a covariance descriptor , as this descriptor is robust to problems such as pixel - pixel misalignment , pose and illumination changes , that commonly occur in visual tracking . we model the changes in the tem ←
→ multi - parametric solution - path algorithm for instance - weighted support vector machines ; an instance - weighted variant of the support vector machine ( svm ) has attracted considerable attention recently since they are useful in various machine learning tasks such as non - stationary data analysis , heteroscedastic data modeling , transfer learning , learning to rank , and transduction . an important challenge in these scenarios is to overcome the computational bottleneck --- instance weights often change dynamically ←
→ cnn as guided multi - layer recos transform ; there is a resurging interest in developing a neural - network - based solution to the supervised machine learning problem . the convolutional neural network ( cnn ) will be studied in this note . to begin with , we introduce a recos transform as a basic building block of cnns . the " recos " is an acronym for " rectified - correlations on a sphere ". it consists of two main concepts : 1 ) data clustering on a sphere and 2 ) rectification . afterwards , we interpret a cnn as a network ←
→ predicting crime using spatial features ; our study aims to build a machine learning model for crime prediction using geospatial features for different categories of crime . the reverse geocoding technique is applied to retrieve open street map ( osm ) spatial data . this study also proposes finding hotpoints extracted from crime hotspots area found by hierarchical density - based spatial clustering of applications with noise ( hdbscan ). a spatial distance feature is then computed based on the position of differen ←
→ applying a hybrid query translation method to japanese / english cross - language patent retrieval ; this paper applies an existing query translation method to cross - language patent retrieval . in our method , multiple dictionaries are used to derive all possible translations for an input query , and collocational statistics are used to resolve translation ambiguity . we used japanese / english parallel patent abstracts to perform comparative experiments , where our method outperformed a simple dictionary - based quer ←
→ a genetic programming framework for 2d platform ai ; there currently exists a wide range of techniques to model and evolve artificial players for games . existing techniques range from black box neural networks to entirely hand - designed solutions . in this paper , we demonstrate the feasibility of a genetic programming framework using human controller input to derive meaningful artificial players which can , later on , be optimised by hand . the current state of the art in game character design relies heavily on ←
→ web - star : towards a visual web - based ide for a story comprehension system ; in this work , we present web - star , an online platform for story understanding built on top of the star ( story comprehension through argumentation ) reasoning engine . this platform includes a web - based ide , integration with the star system and a web service infrastructure to support integration with other systems that rely on story understanding functionality to complete their tasks . the platform also delivers a number of " social " f ←
→ an axiomatic approach to the roughness measure of rough sets ; in pawlak ' s rough set theory , a set is approximated by a pair of lower and upper approximations . to measure numerically the roughness of an approximation , pawlak introduced a quantitative measure of roughness by using the ratio of the cardinalities of the lower and upper approximations . although the roughness measure is effective , it has the drawback of not being strictly monotonic with respect to the standard ordering on partitions . recently , s ←
→ unsupervised feature construction for improving data representation and semantics ; feature - based format is the main data representation format used by machine learning algorithms . when the features do not properly describe the initial data , performance starts to degrade . some algorithms address this problem by internally changing the representation space , but the newly - constructed features are rarely comprehensible . we seek to construct , in an unsupervised way , new features that are more appropriate for ←
→ domain views for constraint programming ; views are a standard abstraction in constraint programming : they make it possible to implement a single version of each constraint , while avoiding to create new variables and constraints that would slow down propagation . traditional constraint - programming systems provide the concept of {\ em variable views } which implement a view of the type $ y = f ( x )$ by delegating all ( domain and constraint ) operations on variable $ y $ to variable $ x $. this paper proposes the altern ←
→ transfer from simulation to real world through learning deep inverse dynamics model ; developing control policies in simulation is often more practical and safer than directly running experiments in the real world . this applies to policies obtained from planning and optimization , and even more so to policies obtained from reinforcement learning , which is often very data demanding . however , a policy that succeeds in simulation often doesn ' t work when deployed on a real robot . nevertheless , often the overal ←
→ follow the leader if you can , hedge if you must ; follow - the - leader ( ftl ) is an intuitive sequential prediction strategy that guarantees constant regret in the stochastic setting , but has terrible performance for worst - case data . other hedging strategies have better worst - case guarantees but may perform much worse than ftl if the data are not maximally adversarial . we introduce the flipflop algorithm , which is the first method that provably combines the best of both worlds . as part of our construction , we ←
→ adaptive intelligent cooperative spectrum sensing in cognitive radio ; radio spectrum is most precious and scarce resource and must be utilized efficiently and effectively . cognitive radio is the promising solutions for the optimum utilization of the scared natural resource . the spectrum owned by the primary user should be shared among the secondary user , but primary user should not be interfered by the secondary user . in order to utilize the primary user spectrum , secondary user must detect accurately , the ←
→ classifying discourse in a cscl platform to evaluate correlations with teacher participation and progress ; in computer - supported learning , monitoring and engaging a group of learners is a complex task for teachers , especially when learners are working collaboratively : are my students motivated ? what kind of progress are they making ? should i intervene ? is my communication and the didactic design adapted to my students ? our hypothesis is that the analysis of natural language interactions between students ,←
→ image annotation using multi - layer sparse coding ; automatic annotation of images with descriptive words is a challenging problem with vast applications in the areas of image search and retrieval . this problem can be viewed as a label - assignment problem by a classifier dealing with a very large set of labels , i . e ., the vocabulary set . we propose a novel annotation method that employs two layers of sparse coding and performs coarse - to - fine labeling . themes extracted from the training data are treated as coar ←
→ time series using exponential smoothing cells ; time series analysis is used to understand and predict dynamic processes , including evolving demands in business , weather , markets , and biological rhythms . exponential smoothing is used in all these domains to obtain simple interpretable models of time series and to forecast future values . despite its popularity , exponential smoothing fails dramatically in the presence of outliers , large amounts of noise , or when the underlying time series changes . we propos ←
→ attention for fine - grained categorization ; this paper presents experiments extending the work of ba et al . ( 2014 ) on recurrent neural models for attention into less constrained visual environments , specifically fine - grained categorization on the stanford dogs data set . in this work we use an rnn of the same structure but substitute a more powerful visual network and perform large - scale pre - training of the visual network outside of the attention rnn . most work in attention models to date focuses on tasks wi ←
→ from random walks to distances on unweighted graphs ; large unweighted directed graphs are commonly used to capture relations between entities . a fundamental problem in the analysis of such networks is to properly define the similarity or dissimilarity between any two vertices . despite the significance of this problem , statistical characterization of the proposed metrics has been limited . we introduce and develop a class of techniques for analyzing random walks on graphs using stochastic calculus . using the ←
→ composable deep reinforcement learning for robotic manipulation ; model - free deep reinforcement learning has been shown to exhibit good performance in domains ranging from video games to simulated robotic manipulation and locomotion . however , model - free methods are known to perform poorly when the interaction time with the environment is limited , as is the case for most real - world robotic tasks . in this paper , we study how maximum entropy policies trained using soft q - learning can be applied to real - world r ←
→ learning equilibria in games by stochastic distributed algorithms ; we consider a class of fully stochastic and fully distributed algorithms , that we prove to learn equilibria in games . indeed , we consider a family of stochastic distributed dynamics that we prove to converge weakly ( in the sense of weak convergence for probabilistic processes ) towards their mean - field limit , i . e an ordinary differential equation ( ode ) in the general case . we focus then on a class of stochastic dynamics where this ode turn ←
→ scalable , high - quality object detection ; current high - quality object detection approaches use the scheme of salience - based object proposal methods followed by post - classification using deep convolutional features . this spurred recent research in improving object proposal methods . however , domain agnostic proposal generation has the principal drawback that the proposals come unranked or with very weak ranking , making it hard to trade - off quality for running time . this raises the more fundamental question of ←
→ managing change in graph - structured data using description logics ( long version with appendix ) ; in this paper , we consider the setting of graph - structured data that evolves as a result of operations carried out by users or applications . we study different reasoning problems , which range from ensuring the satisfaction of a given set of integrity constraints after a given sequence of updates , to deciding the ( non -) existence of a sequence of actions that would take the data to an ( un ) desirable state , starti ←
→ cross - label suppression : a discriminative and fast dictionary learning with group regularization ; this paper addresses image classification through learning a compact and discriminative dictionary efficiently . given a structured dictionary with each atom ( columns in the dictionary matrix ) related to some label , we propose cross - label suppression constraint to enlarge the difference among representations for different classes . meanwhile , we introduce group regularization to enforce representations to pres ←
→ m3fusion : a deep learning architecture for multi -{ scale / modal / temporal } satellite data fusion ; modern earth observation systems provide sensing data at different temporal and spatial resolutions . among optical sensors , today the sentinel - 2 program supplies high - resolution temporal ( every 5 days ) and high spatial resolution ( 10m ) images that can be useful to monitor land cover dynamics . on the other hand , very high spatial resolution images ( vhsr ) are still an essential tool to figure out land cover mappi ←
→ estimating uncertain spatial relationships in robotics ; in this paper , we describe a representation for spatial information , called the stochastic map , and associated procedures for building it , reading information from it , and revising it incrementally as new information is obtained . the map contains the estimates of relationships among objects in the map , and their uncertainties , given all the available information . the procedures provide a general solution to the problem of estimating uncertain relative ←
→ freeway merging in congested traffic based on multipolicy decision making with passive actor critic ; freeway merging in congested traffic is a significant challenge toward fully automated driving . merging vehicles need to decide not only how to merge into a spot , but also where to merge . we present a method for the freeway merging based on multi - policy decision making with a reinforcement learning method called {\ em passive actor - critic } ( pac ), which learns with less knowledge of the system and without a ←
→ a retinal image enhancement technique for blood vessel segmentation algorithm ; the morphology of blood vessels in retinal fundus images is an important indicator of diseases like glaucoma , hypertension and diabetic retinopathy . the accuracy of retinal blood vessels segmentation affects the quality of retinal image analysis which is used in diagnosis methods in modern ophthalmology . contrast enhancement is one of the crucial steps in any of retinal blood vessel segmentation approaches . the reliability of ←
→ combined task and motion planning as classical ai planning ; planning in robotics is often split into task and motion planning . the high - level , symbolic task planner decides what needs to be done , while the motion planner checks feasibility and fills up geometric detail . it is known however that such a decomposition is not effective in general as the symbolic and geometrical components are not independent . in this work , we show that it is possible to compile task and motion planning problems into classical ←
→ large - scale electron microscopy image segmentation in spark ; the emerging field of connectomics aims to unlock the mysteries of the brain by understanding the connectivity between neurons . to map this connectivity , we acquire thousands of electron microscopy ( em ) images with nanometer - scale resolution . after aligning these images , the resulting dataset has the potential to reveal the shapes of neurons and the synaptic connections between them . however , imaging the brain of even a tiny organism like the fru ←
→" influence sketching ": finding influential samples in large - scale regressions ; there is an especially strong need in modern large - scale data analysis to prioritize samples for manual inspection . for example , the inspection could target important mislabeled samples or key vulnerabilities exploitable by an adversarial attack . in order to solve the " needle in the haystack " problem of which samples to inspect , we develop a new scalable version of cook ' s distance , a classical statistical technique for identif ←
→ belief hierarchical clustering ; in the data mining field many clustering methods have been proposed , yet standard versions do not take into account uncertain databases . this paper deals with a new approach to cluster uncertain data by using a hierarchical clustering defined within the belief function framework . the main objective of the belief hierarchical clustering is to allow an object to belong to one or several clusters . to each belonging , a degree of belief is associated , and clusters are combined ba ←
→ elimination of isi using improved lms based decision feedback equalizer ; this paper deals with the implementation of least mean square ( lms ) algorithm in decision feedback equalizer ( dfe ) for removal of inter symbol interference ( isi ) at the receiver . the channel disrupts the transmitted signal by spreading it in time . although , the lms algorithm is robust and reliable , it is slow in convergence . in order to increase the speed of convergence , modifications have been made in the algorithm where the weights ←
→ discriminating similar languages : evaluations and explorations ; we present an analysis of the performance of machine learning classifiers on discriminating between similar languages and language varieties . we carried out a number of experiments using the results of the two editions of the discriminating between similar languages ( dsl ) shared task . we investigate the progress made between the two tasks , estimate an upper bound on possible performance using ensemble and oracle combination , and provide learni ←
→ fast sparse decomposition by iterative detection - estimation ; finding sparse solutions of underdetermined systems of linear equations is a fundamental problem in signal processing and statistics which has become a subject of interest in recent years . in general , these systems have infinitely many solutions . however , it may be shown that sufficiently sparse solutions may be identified uniquely . in other words , the corresponding linear transformation will be invertible if we restrict its domain to sufficientl ←
→ pvr : patch - to - volume reconstruction for large area motion correction of fetal mri ; in this paper we present a novel method for the correction of motion artifacts that are present in fetal magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) scans of the whole uterus . contrary to current slice - to - volume registration ( svr ) methods , requiring an inflexible anatomical enclosure of a single investigated organ , the proposed patch - to - volume reconstruction ( pvr ) approach is able to reconstruct a large field of view of non - rigidly d ←
→ bayesian analysis for mirna and mrna interactions using expression data ; micrornas ( mirnas ) are small rna molecules composed of 19 - 22 nt , which play important regulatory roles in post - transcriptional gene regulation by inhibiting the translation of the mrna into proteins or otherwise cleaving the target mrna . inferring mirna targets provides useful information for understanding the roles of mirna in biological processes that are potentially involved in complex diseases . statistical methodologies for point ←
→ seeing the unseen network : inferring hidden social ties from respondent - driven sampling ; learning about the social structure of hidden and hard - to - reach populations --- such as drug users and sex workers --- is a major goal of epidemiological and public health research on risk behaviors and disease prevention . respondent - driven sampling ( rds ) is a peer - referral process widely used by many health organizations , where research subjects recruit other subjects from their social network . in such surveys , rese ←
→ the cuda latch binary descriptor : because sometimes faster means better ; accuracy , descriptor size , and the time required for extraction and matching are all important factors when selecting local image descriptors . to optimize over all these requirements , this paper presents a cuda port for the recent learned arrangement of three patches ( latch ) binary descriptors to the gpu platform . the design of latch makes it well suited for gpu processing . owing to its small size and binary nature , the gpu can furthe ←
→ chromatag : a colored marker and fast detection algorithm ; current fiducial marker detection algorithms rely on marker ids for false positive rejection . time is wasted on potential detections that will eventually be rejected as false positives . we introduce chromatag , a fiducial marker and detection algorithm designed to use opponent colors to limit and quickly reject initial false detections and grayscale for precise localization . through experiments , we show that chromatag is significantly faster than cur ←
→ requirement tracing using term extraction ; requirements traceability is an essential step in ensuring the quality of software during the early stages of its development life cycle . requirements tracing usually consists of document parsing , candidate link generation and evaluation and traceability analysis . this paper demonstrates the applicability of statistical term extraction metrics to generate candidate links . it is applied and validated using two data sets and four types of filters two for each data s ←
→ learning independent features with adversarial nets for non - linear ica ; reliable measures of statistical dependence could be useful tools for learning independent features and performing tasks like source separation using independent component analysis ( ica ). unfortunately , many of such measures , like the mutual information , are hard to estimate and optimize directly . we propose to learn independent features with adversarial objectives which optimize such measures implicitly . these objectives compare sampl ←
→ characterizing types of convolution in deep convolutional recurrent neural networks for robust speech emotion recognition ; deep convolutional neural networks are being actively investigated in a wide range of speech and audio processing applications including speech recognition , audio event detection and computational paralinguistics , owing to their ability to reduce factors of variations , for learning from speech . however , studies have suggested to favor a certain type of convolutional operations when b ←
→ reinforcement learning by comparing immediate reward ; this paper introduces an approach to reinforcement learning algorithm by comparing their immediate rewards using a variation of q - learning algorithm . unlike the conventional q - learning , the proposed algorithm compares current reward with immediate reward of past move and work accordingly . relative reward based q - learning is an approach towards interactive learning . q - learning is a model free reinforcement learning method that used to learn the agents . i ←
→ on the exact relationship between the denoising function and the data distribution ; we prove an exact relationship between the optimal denoising function and the data distribution in the case of additive gaussian noise , showing that denoising implicitly models the structure of data allowing it to be exploited in the unsupervised learning of representations . this result generalizes a known relationship [ 2 ], which is valid only in the limit of small corruption noise .←
→ an improved multimodal pso method based on electrostatic interaction using n - nearest - neighbor local search ; in this paper , an improved multimodal optimization ( mmo ) algorithm , called lsepso , has been proposed . lsepso combined electrostatic particle swarm optimization ( epso ) algorithm and a local search method and then made some modification on them . it has been shown to improve global and local optima finding ability of the algorithm . this algorithm useda modified local search to improve particle ' s person ←
→ a framework for non - monotonic reasoning about probabilistic assumptions ; attempts to replicate probabilistic reasoning in expert systems have typically overlooked a critical ingredient of that process . probabilistic analysis typically requires extensive judgments regarding interdependencies among hypotheses and data , and regarding the appropriateness of various alternative models . the application of such models is often an iterative process , in which the plausibility of the results confirms or disconfirms ←
→ multiclass diffuse interface models for semi - supervised learning on graphs ; we present a graph - based variational algorithm for multiclass classification of high - dimensional data , motivated by total variation techniques . the energy functional is based on a diffuse interface model with a periodic potential . we augment the model by introducing an alternative measure of smoothness that preserves symmetry among the class labels . through this modification of the standard laplacian , we construct an efficient mu ←
→ randomized nonnegative matrix factorization ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is a powerful tool for data mining . however , the emergence of ` big data ' has severely challenged our ability to compute this fundamental decomposition using deterministic algorithms . this paper presents a randomized hierarchical alternating least squares ( hals ) algorithm to compute the nmf . by deriving a smaller matrix from the nonnegative input data , a more efficient nonnegative decomposition can be computed . our algorithm ←
→ bayes - ball : the rational pastime ( for determining irrelevance and requisite information in belief networks and influence diagrams ) ; one of the benefits of belief networks and influence diagrams is that so much knowledge is captured in the graphical structure . in particular , statements of conditional irrelevance ( or independence ) can be verified in time linear in the size of the graph . to resolve a particular inference query or decision problem , only some of the possible states and probability distributio ←
→ a data - driven functional projection approach for the selection of feature ranges in spectra with ica or cluster analysis ; prediction problems from spectra are largely encountered in chemometry . in addition to accurate predictions , it is often needed to extract information about which wavelengths in the spectra contribute in an effective way to the quality of the prediction . this implies to select wavelengths ( or wavelength intervals ), a problem associated to variable selection . in this paper , it is shown ←
→ dual modelling of permutation and injection problems ; when writing a constraint program , we have to choose which variables should be the decision variables , and how to represent the constraints on these variables . in many cases , there is considerable choice for the decision variables . consider , for example , permutation problems in which we have as many values as variables , and each variable takes an unique value . in such problems , we can choose between a primal and a dual viewpoint . in the dual viewpoint , ←
→ approximate bayesian image interpretation using generative probabilistic graphics programs ; the idea of computer vision as the bayesian inverse problem to computer graphics has a long history and an appealing elegance , but it has proved difficult to directly implement . instead , most vision tasks are approached via complex bottom - up processing pipelines . here we show that it is possible to write short , simple probabilistic graphics programs that define flexible generative models and to automatically inver ←
→ a statistical comparison of some theories of np word order ; a frequent object of study in linguistic typology is the order of elements { demonstrative , adjective , numeral , noun } in the noun phrase . the goal is to predict the relative frequencies of these orders across languages . here we use poisson regression to statistically compare some prominent accounts of this variation . we compare feature systems derived from cinque ( 2005 ) to feature systems given in cysouw ( 2010 ) and dryer ( in prep ). in this setting ,←
→ simultaneous sparse dictionary learning and pruning ; dictionary learning is a cutting - edge area in imaging processing , that has recently led to state - of - the - art results in many signal processing tasks . the idea is to conduct a linear decomposition of a signal using a few atoms of a learned and usually over - completed dictionary instead of a pre - defined basis . determining a proper size of the to - be - learned dictionary is crucial for both precision and efficiency of the process , while most of the existing dict ←
→ using hadoop for large scale analysis on twitter : a technical report ; sentiment analysis ( or opinion mining ) on twitter data has attracted much attention recently . one of the system ' s key features , is the immediacy in communication with other users in an easy , user - friendly and fast way . consequently , people tend to express their feelings freely , which makes twitter an ideal source for accumulating a vast amount of opinions towards a wide diversity of topics . this amount of information offers huge potentia ←
→ videostory embeddings recognize events when examples are scarce ; this paper aims for event recognition when video examples are scarce or even completely absent . the key in such a challenging setting is a semantic video representation . rather than building the representation from individual attribute detectors and their annotations , we propose to learn the entire representation from freely available web videos and their descriptions using an embedding between video features and term vectors . in our proposed ←
→ measurement - adaptive sparse image sampling and recovery ; this paper presents an adaptive and intelligent sparse model for digital image sampling and recovery . in the proposed sampler , we adaptively determine the number of required samples for retrieving image based on space - frequency - gradient information content of image patches . by leveraging texture in space , sparsity locations in dct domain , and directional decomposition of gradients , the sampler structure consists of a combination of uniform , random , a ←
→ non - stationary spectral kernels ; we propose non - stationary spectral kernels for gaussian process regression . we propose to model the spectral density of a non - stationary kernel function as a mixture of input - dependent gaussian process frequency density surfaces . we solve the generalised fourier transform with such a model , and present a family of non - stationary and non - monotonic kernels that can learn input - dependent and potentially long - range , non - monotonic covariances between inputs . we derive efficient ←
→ ranking and combining multiple predictors without labeled data ; in a broad range of classification and decision making problems , one is given the advice or predictions of several classifiers , of unknown reliability , over multiple questions or queries . this scenario is different from the standard supervised setting , where each classifier accuracy can be assessed using available labeled data , and raises two questions : given only the predictions of several classifiers over a large set of unlabeled test data , ←
→ a framework for distributed deep learning layer design in python ; in this paper , a framework for testing deep neural network ( dnn ) design in python is presented . first , big data , machine learning ( ml ), and artificial neural networks ( anns ) are discussed to familiarize the reader with the importance of such a system . next , the benefits and detriments of implementing such a system in python are presented . lastly , the specifics of the system are explained , and some experimental results are presented to prove ←
→ mask - off : synthesizing face images in the presence of head - mounted displays ; a head - mounted display ( hmd ) could be an important component of augmented reality system . however , as the upper face region is seriously occluded by the device , the user experience could be affected in applications such as telecommunication and multi - player video games . in this paper , we first present a novel experimental setup that consists of two near - infrared ( nir ) cameras to point to the eye regions and one visible - light rgb ←
→ flare prediction using photospheric and coronal image data ; the precise physical process that triggers solar flares is not currently understood . here we attempt to capture the signature of this mechanism in solar image data of various wavelengths and use these signatures to predict flaring activity . we do this by developing an algorithm that [ 1 ] automatically generates features in 5 . 5 tb of image data taken by the solar dynamics observatory of the solar photosphere , chromosphere , transition region , and cor ←
→ rewriting recursive aggregates in answer set programming : back to monotonicity ; aggregation functions are widely used in answer set programming for representing and reasoning on knowledge involving sets of objects collectively . current implementations simplify the structure of programs in order to optimize the overall performance . in particular , aggregates are rewritten into simpler forms known as monotone aggregates . since the evaluation of normal programs with monotone aggregates is in general on a low ←
→ objection - based causal networks ; this paper introduces the notion of objection - based causal networks which resemble probabilistic causal networks except that they are quantified using objections . an objection is a logical sentence and denotes a condition under which a , causal dependency does not exist . objection - based causal networks enjoy almost all the properties that make probabilistic causal networks popular , with the added advantage that objections are , arguably more intuitive than probabilities .←
→ where are the really hard manipulation problems ? the phase transition in manipulating the veto rule ; voting is a simple mechanism to aggregate the preferences of agents . many voting rules have been shown to be np - hard to manipulate . however , a number of recent theoretical results suggest that this complexity may only be in the worst - case since manipulation is often easy in practice . in this paper , we show that empirical studies are useful in improving our understanding of this issue . we demonstrate that ←
→ metaheuristics in flood disaster management and risk assessment ; a conceptual area is divided into units or barangays , each was allowed to evolve under a physical constraint . a risk assessment method was then used to identify the flood risk in each community using the following risk factors : the area ' s urbanized area ratio , literacy rate , mortality rate , poverty incidence , radio / tv penetration , and state of structural and non - structural measures . vulnerability is defined as a weighted - sum of these componen ←
→ self - assembly as graph grammar as distributed system ; in 2004 , klavins et al . introduced the use of graph grammars to describe -- and to program -- systems of self - assembly . it turns out that these graph grammars are a " dual notion " of a graph rewriting characterization of distributed systems that was proposed by degano and montanari over twenty years ago . by applying techniques obtained from this observation , we prove a generalized version of soloveichik and winfree ' s theorem on local determinism , and we ←
→ links : a high - dimensional online clustering method ; we present a novel algorithm , called links , designed to perform online clustering on unit vectors in a high - dimensional euclidean space . the algorithm is appropriate when it is necessary to cluster data efficiently as it streams in , and is to be contrasted with traditional batch clustering algorithms that have access to all data at once . for example , links has been successfully applied to embedding vectors generated from face images or voice recordings fo ←
→ design of pi controller for automatic generation control of multi area interconnected power system using bacterial foraging optimization ; the system comprises of three interconnected power system networks based on thermal , wind and hydro power generation . the load variation in any one of the network results in frequency deviation in all the connected systems . the pi controllers have been connected separately with each system for the frequency control and the gains ( kp and ki ) of all the controllers have b ←
→ hashing over predicted future frames for informed exploration of deep reinforcement learning ; in reinforcement learning ( rl ) tasks , an efficient exploration mechanism should be able to encourage an agent to take actions that lead to less frequent states which may yield higher accumulative future return . however , both knowing about the future and evaluating the frequentness of states are non - trivial tasks , especially for deep rl domains , where a state is represented by high - dimensional image frames . in th ←
→ multiple - goal heuristic search ; this paper presents a new framework for anytime heuristic search where the task is to achieve as many goals as possible within the allocated resources . we show the inadequacy of traditional distance - estimation heuristics for tasks of this type and present alternative heuristics that are more appropriate for multiple - goal search . in particular , we introduce the marginal - utility heuristic , which estimates the cost and the benefit of exploring a subtree below a search node . we ←
→ learning a hybrid architecture for sequence regression and annotation ; when learning a hidden markov model ( hmm ), sequen - tial observations can often be complemented by real - valued summary response variables generated from the path of hid - den states . such settings arise in numerous domains , includ - ing many applications in biology , like motif discovery and genome annotation . in this paper , we present a flexible frame - work for jointly modeling both latent sequence features and the functional mapping that ←
→ semantic properties of customer sentiment in tweets ; an increasing number of people are using online social networking services ( snss ), and a significant amount of information related to experiences in consumption is shared in this new media form . text mining is an emerging technique for mining useful information from the web . we aim at discovering in particular tweets semantic patterns in consumers ' discussions on social media . specifically , the purposes of this study are twofold : 1 ) finding similarity an ←
→ model - based reinforcement learning and the eluder dimension ; we consider the problem of learning to optimize an unknown markov decision process ( mdp ). we show that , if the mdp can be parameterized within some known function class , we can obtain regret bounds that scale with the dimensionality , rather than cardinality , of the system . we characterize this dependence explicitly as $\ tilde { o }(\ sqrt { d_k d_e t })$ where $ t $ is time elapsed , $ d_k $ is the kolmogorov dimension and $ d_e $ is the \ emph { eluder dimension ←
→ learning video object segmentation from static images ; inspired by recent advances of deep learning in instance segmentation and object tracking , we introduce video object segmentation problem as a concept of guided instance segmentation . our model proceeds on a per - frame basis , guided by the output of the previous frame towards the object of interest in the next frame . we demonstrate that highly accurate object segmentation in videos can be enabled by using a convnet trained with static images only . the k ←
→ slope stability analysis with geometric semantic genetic programming ; genetic programming has been widely used in the engineering field . compared with the conventional genetic programming and artificial neural network , geometric semantic genetic programming ( gsgp ) is superior in astringency and computing efficiency . in this paper , gsgp is adopted for the classification and regression analysis of a sample dataset . furthermore , a model for slope stability analysis is established on the basis of geometric sem ←
→ very deep convolutional networks for text classification ; the dominant approach for many nlp tasks are recurrent neural networks , in particular lstms , and convolutional neural networks . however , these architectures are rather shallow in comparison to the deep convolutional networks which have pushed the state - of - the - art in computer vision . we present a new architecture ( vdcnn ) for text processing which operates directly at the character level and uses only small convolutions and pooling operations . we are ←
→ recurrent instance segmentation ; instance segmentation is the problem of detecting and delineating each distinct object of interest appearing in an image . current instance segmentation approaches consist of ensembles of modules that are trained independently of each other , thus missing opportunities for joint learning . here we propose a new instance segmentation paradigm consisting in an end - to - end method that learns how to segment instances sequentially . the model is based on a recurrent neural network th ←
→ learning to act by predicting the future ; we present an approach to sensorimotor control in immersive environments . our approach utilizes a high - dimensional sensory stream and a lower - dimensional measurement stream . the cotemporal structure of these streams provides a rich supervisory signal , which enables training a sensorimotor control model by interacting with the environment . the model is trained using supervised learning techniques , but without extraneous supervision . it learns to act based on raw sen ←
→ combining semantic and syntactic structure for language modeling ; structured language models for speech recognition have been shown to remedy the weaknesses of n - gram models . all current structured language models are , however , limited in that they do not take into account dependencies between non - headwords . we show that non - headword dependencies contribute to significantly improved word error rate , and that a data - oriented parsing model trained on semantically and syntactically annotated data can exploit ←
→ hierarchical representations for efficient architecture search ; we explore efficient neural architecture search methods and show that a simple yet powerful evolutionary algorithm can discover new architectures with excellent performance . our approach combines a novel hierarchical genetic representation scheme that imitates the modularized design pattern commonly adopted by human experts , and an expressive search space that supports complex topologies . our algorithm efficiently discovers architectures that ←
→ attended end - to - end architecture for age estimation from facial expression videos ; the main challenges of age estimation from facial expression videos lie not only in the modeling of the static facial appearance , but also in the capturing of the temporal facial dynamics . traditional techniques to this problem focus on constructing handcrafted features to explore the discriminative information contained in facial appearance and dynamics separately . this relies on sophisticated feature - refinement and frame ←
→ being bayesian about network structure ; in many domains , we are interested in analyzing the structure of the underlying distribution , e . g ., whether one variable is a direct parent of the other . bayesian model - selection attempts to find the map model and use its structure to answer these questions . however , when the amount of available data is modest , there might be many models that have non - negligible posterior . thus , we want compute the bayesian posterior of a feature , i . e ., the total posterior probabilit ←
→ secure voice based authentication for mobile devices : vaulted voice verification ; as the use of biometrics becomes more wide - spread , the privacy concerns that stem from the use of biometrics are becoming more apparent . as the usage of mobile devices grows , so does the desire to implement biometric identification into such devices . a large majority of mobile devices being used are mobile phones . while work is being done to implement different types of biometrics into mobile phones , such as photo based bio ←
→ object detection with mask - based feature encoding ; region - based convolutional neural networks ( r - cnns ) have achieved great success in the field of object detection . the existing r - cnns usually divide a region - of - interest ( roi ) into grids , and then localize objects by utilizing the spatial information reflected by the relative position of each grid in the roi . in this paper , we propose a novel feature - encoding approach , where spatial information is represented through the spatial distributions of visual pat ←
→ combined statistical and model based texture features for improved image classification ; this paper aims to improve the accuracy of texture classification based on extracting texture features using five different texture methods and classifying the patterns using a naive bayesian classifier . three statistical - based and two model - based methods are used to extract texture features from eight different texture images , then their accuracy is ranked after using each method individually and in pairs . the accur ←
→ total - order and partial - order planning : a comparative analysis ; for many years , the intuitions underlying partial - order planning were largely taken for granted . only in the past few years has there been renewed interest in the fundamental principles underlying this paradigm . in this paper , we present a rigorous comparative analysis of partial - order and total - order planning by focusing on two specific planners that can be directly compared . we show that there are some subtle assumptions that underly the wid ←
→ improved adversarial systems for 3d object generation and reconstruction ; this paper describes a new approach for training generative adversarial networks ( gan ) to understand the detailed 3d shape of objects . while gans have been used in this domain previously , they are notoriously hard to train , especially for the complex joint data distribution over 3d objects of many categories and orientations . our method extends previous work by employing the wasserstein distance normalized with gradient penalization ←
→ separable time - causal and time - recursive spatio - temporal receptive fields ; we present an improved model and theory for time - causal and time - recursive spatio - temporal receptive fields , obtained by a combination of gaussian receptive fields over the spatial domain and first - order integrators or equivalently truncated exponential filters coupled in cascade over the temporal domain . compared to previous spatio - temporal scale - space formulations in terms of non - enhancement of local extrema or scale invariance ,←
→ analysing word importance for image annotation ; image annotation provides several keywords automatically for a given image based on various tags to describe its contents which is useful in image retrieval . various researchers are working on text based and content based image annotations [ 7 , 9 ]. it is seen , in traditional image annotation approaches , annotation words are treated equally without considering the importance of each word in real world . in context of this , in this work , images are annotated with ←
→ mattnet : modular attention network for referring expression comprehension ; in this paper , we address referring expression comprehension : localizing an image region described by a natural language expression . while most recent work treats expressions as a single unit , we propose to decompose them into three modular components related to subject appearance , location , and relationship to other objects . this allows us to flexibly adapt to expressions containing different types of information in an end - to - end ←
→ elephant search with deep learning for microarray data analysis ; even though there is a plethora of research in microarray gene expression data analysis , still , it poses challenges for researchers to effectively and efficiently analyze the large yet complex expression of genes . the feature ( gene ) selection method is of paramount importance for understanding the differences in biological and non - biological variation between samples . in order to address this problem , a novel elephant search ( es ) based optimi ←
→ predictive learning : using future representation learning variantial autoencoder for human action prediction ; the unsupervised pretraining method has been widely used in aiding human action recognition . however , existing methods focus on reconstructing the already present frames rather than generating frames which happen in future . in this paper , we propose an improved variantial autoencoder model to extract the features with a high connection to the coming scenarios , also known as predictive learning . ou ←
→ a hidden process regression model for functional data description . application to curve discrimination ; a new approach for functional data description is proposed in this paper . it consists of a regression model with a discrete hidden logistic process which is adapted for modeling curves with abrupt or smooth regime changes . the model parameters are estimated in a maximum likelihood framework through a dedicated expectation maximization ( em ) algorithm . from the proposed generative model , a curve discrimi ←
→ on power - law kernels , corresponding reproducing kernel hilbert space and applications ; the role of kernels is central to machine learning . motivated by the importance of power - law distributions in statistical modeling , in this paper , we propose the notion of power - law kernels to investigate power - laws in learning problem . we propose two power - law kernels by generalizing gaussian and laplacian kernels . this generalization is based on distributions , arising out of maximization of a generalized information ←
→ efficient parallel estimation for markov random fields ; we present a new , deterministic , distributed map estimation algorithm for markov random fields called local highest confidence first ( local hcf ). the algorithm has been applied to segmentation problems in computer vision and its performance compared with stochastic algorithms . the experiments show that local hcf finds better estimates than stochastic algorithms with much less computation .←
→ distributed variational inference in sparse gaussian process regression and latent variable models ; gaussian processes ( gps ) are a powerful tool for probabilistic inference over functions . they have been applied to both regression and non - linear dimensionality reduction , and offer desirable properties such as uncertainty estimates , robustness to over - fitting , and principled ways for tuning hyper - parameters . however the scalability of these models to big datasets remains an active topic of research . we in ←
→ algebraic comparison of partial lists in bioinformatics ; the outcome of a functional genomics pipeline is usually a partial list of genomic features , ranked by their relevance in modelling biological phenotype in terms of a classification or regression model . due to resampling protocols or just within a meta - analysis comparison , instead of one list it is often the case that sets of alternative feature lists ( possibly of different lengths ) are obtained . here we introduce a method , based on the algebraic the ←
→ data formats for phonological corpora ; the goal of the present chapter is to explore the possibility of providing the research ( but also the industrial ) community that commonly uses spoken corpora with a stable portfolio of well - documented standardised formats that allow a high re - use rate of annotated spoken resources and , as a consequence , better interoperability across tools used to produce or exploit such resources .←
→ deep neural generative model of functional mri images for psychiatric disorder diagnosis ; accurate diagnosis of psychiatric disorders plays a critical role in improving quality of life for patients and potentially supports the development of new treatments . many studies have been conducted on machine learning techniques that seek brain imaging data for specific biomarkers of disorders . these studies have encountered the following dilemma : an end - to - end classification overfits to a small number of high - di ←
→ hierarchical embeddings for hypernymy detection and directionality ; we present a novel neural model hypervec to learn hierarchical embeddings for hypernymy detection and directionality . while previous embeddings have shown limitations on prototypical hypernyms , hypervec represents an unsupervised measure where embeddings are learned in a specific order and capture the hypernym $-$ hyponym distributional hierarchy . moreover , our model is able to generalize over unseen hypernymy pairs , when using only small se ←
→ word2vec vs dbnary : augmenting meteor using vector representations or lexical resources ? ; this paper presents an approach combining lexico - semantic resources and distributed representations of words applied to the evaluation in machine translation ( mt ). this study is made through the enrichment of a well - known mt evaluation metric : meteor . this metric enables an approximate match ( synonymy or morphological similarity ) between an automatic and a reference translation . our experiments are made in the frame ←
→ an open source testing tool for evaluating handwriting input methods ; this paper presents an open source tool for testing the recognition accuracy of chinese handwriting input methods . the tool consists of two modules , namely the pc and android mobile client . the pc client reads handwritten samples in the computer , and transfers them individually to the android client in accordance with the socket communication protocol . after the android client receives the data , it simulates the handwriting on screen of ←
→ unsupervised learning for cell - level visual representation in histopathology images with generative adversarial networks ; the visual attributes of cells , such as the nuclear morphology and chromatin openness , are critical for histopathology image analysis . by learning cell - level visual representation , we can obtain a rich mix of features that are highly reusable for various tasks , such as cell - level classification , nuclei segmentation , and cell counting . in this paper , we propose a unified generative adv ←
→ the doctor just won ' t accept that ! ; calls to arms to build interpretable models express a well - founded discomfort with machine learning . should a software agent that does not even know what a loan is decide who qualifies for one ? indeed , we ought to be cautious about injecting machine learning ( or anything else , for that matter ) into applications where there may be a significant risk of causing social harm . however , claims that stakeholders " just won ' t accept that !" do not provide a sufficient foundation f ←
→ minimax classifier for uncertain costs ; many studies on the cost - sensitive learning assumed that a unique cost matrix is known for a problem . however , this assumption may not hold for many real - world problems . for example , a classifier might need to be applied in several circumstances , each of which associates with a different cost matrix . or , different human experts have different opinions about the costs for a given problem . motivated by these facts , this study aims to seek the minimax classifier over mu ←
→ a convergence theorem for the graph shift - type algorithms ; graph shift ( gs ) algorithms are recently focused as a promising approach for discovering dense subgraphs in noisy data . however , there are no theoretical foundations for proving the convergence of the gs algorithm . in this paper , we propose a generic theoretical framework consisting of three key gs components : simplex of generated sequence set , monotonic and continuous objective function and closed mapping . we prove that gs algorithms with such com ←
→ marginal and simultaneous predictive classification using stratified graphical models ; an inductive probabilistic classification rule must generally obey the principles of bayesian predictive inference , such that all observed and unobserved stochastic quantities are jointly modeled and the parameter uncertainty is fully acknowledged through the posterior predictive distribution . several such rules have been recently considered and their asymptotic behavior has been characterized under the assumption that ←
→ empirical analysis of non - linear activation functions for deep neural networks in classification tasks ; we provide an overview of several non - linear activation functions in a neural network architecture that have proven successful in many machine learning applications . we conduct an empirical analysis on the effectiveness of using these function on the mnist classification task , with the aim of clarifying which functions produce the best results overall . based on this first set of results , we examine the ←
→ movie recommendation systems using an artificial immune system ; we apply the artificial immune system ( ais ) technology to the collaborative filtering ( cf ) technology when we build the movie recommendation system . two different affinity measure algorithms of ais , kendall tau and weighted kappa , are used to calculate the correlation coefficients for this movie recommendation system . from the testing we think that weighted kappa is more suitable than kendall tau for movie problems .←
→ datenqualität in regressionsproblemen ; regression models are increasingly built using datasets which do not follow a design of experiment . instead , the data is e . g . gathered by an automated monitoring of a technical system . as a consequence , already the input data represents phenomena of the system and violates statistical assumptions of distributions . the input data can show correlations , clusters or other patterns . further , the distribution of input data influences the reliability of regression models . w ←
→ a fuzzy topsis multiple - attribute decision making for scholarship selection ; as the education fees are becoming more expensive , more students apply for scholarships . consequently , hundreds and even thousands of applications need to be handled by the sponsor . to solve the problems , some alternatives based on several attributes ( criteria ) need to be selected . in order to make a decision on such fuzzy problems , fuzzy multiple attribute decision making ( fmdam ) can be applied . in this study , unified modeling ←
→ the energy landscape of a simple neural network ; we explore the energy landscape of a simple neural network . in particular , we expand upon previous work demonstrating that the empirical complexity of fitted neural networks is vastly less than a naive parameter count would suggest and that this implicit regularization is actually beneficial for generalization from fitted models .←
→ bowfire : detection of fire in still images by integrating pixel color and texture analysis ; emergency events involving fire are potentially harmful , demanding a fast and precise decision making . the use of crowdsourcing image and videos on crisis management systems can aid in these situations by providing more information than verbal / textual descriptions . due to the usual high volume of data , automatic solutions need to discard non - relevant content without losing relevant information . there are several m ←
→ implementation of nlization framework for verbs , pronouns and determiners with eugene ; unl system is designed and implemented by a nonprofit organization , undl foundation at geneva in 1999 . unl applications are application softwares that allow end users to accomplish natural language tasks , such as translating , summarizing , retrieving or extracting information , etc . two major web based application softwares are interactive analyzer ( ian ), which is a natural language analysis system . it represents natural ←
→ target type tracking with pcr5 and dempster ' s rules : a comparative analysis ; in this paper we consider and analyze the behavior of two combinational rules for temporal ( sequential ) attribute data fusion for target type estimation . our comparative analysis is based on dempster ' s fusion rule proposed in dempster - shafer theory ( dst ) and on the proportional conflict redistribution rule no . 5 ( pcr5 ) recently proposed in dezert - smarandache theory ( dsmt ). we show through very simple scenario and monte - carlo sim ←
→ multiscale fractal descriptors applied to texture classification ; this work proposes the combination of multiscale transform with fractal descriptors employed in the classification of gray - level texture images . we apply the space - scale transform ( derivative + gaussian filter ) over the bouligand - minkowski fractal descriptors , followed by a threshold over the filter response , aiming at attenuating noise effects caused by the final part of this response . the method is tested in the classification of a well - kn ←
→ imbalanced malware images classification : a cnn based approach ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) can be applied to malware binary detection through images classification . the performance , however , is degraded due to the imbalance of malware families ( classes ). to mitigate this issue , we propose a simple yet effective weighted softmax loss which can be employed as the final layer of deep cnns . the original softmax loss is weighted , and the weight value can be determined according to class size . a s ←
→ practical algorithms for learning near - isometric linear embeddings ; we propose two practical non - convex approaches for learning near - isometric , linear embeddings of finite sets of data points . given a set of training points $\ mathcal { x }$, we consider the secant set $ s (\ mathcal { x })$ that consists of all pairwise difference vectors of $\ mathcal { x }$, normalized to lie on the unit sphere . the problem can be formulated as finding a symmetric and positive semi - definite matrix $\ boldsymbol {\ psi }$ that preserves t ←
→ domain generalization by marginal transfer learning ; domain generalization is the problem of assigning class labels to an unlabeled test data set , given several labeled training data sets drawn from similar distributions . this problem arises in several applications where data distributions fluctuate because of biological , technical , or other sources of variation . we develop a distribution - free , kernel - based approach that predicts a classifier from the marginal distribution of features , by leveraging the tr ←
→ supervised learning of labeled pointcloud differences via cover - tree entropy reduction ; we introduce a new algorithm , called cder , for supervised machine learning that merges the multi - scale geometric properties of cover trees with the information - theoretic properties of entropy . cder applies to a training set of labeled pointclouds embedded in a common euclidean space . if typical pointclouds corresponding to distinct labels tend to differ at any scale in any sub - region , cder can identify these differenc ←
→ coupled quasi - harmonic bases ; the use of laplacian eigenbases has been shown to be fruitful in many computer graphics applications . today , state - of - the - art approaches to shape analysis , synthesis , and correspondence rely on these natural harmonic bases that allow using classical tools from harmonic analysis on manifolds . however , many applications involving multiple shapes are obstacled by the fact that laplacian eigenbases computed independently on different shapes are often incompatible with each other . ←
→ generalization in deep learning ; with a direct analysis of neural networks , this paper presents a mathematically tight generalization theory to partially address an open problem regarding the generalization of deep learning . unlike previous bound - based theory , our main theory is quantitatively as tight as possible for every dataset individually , while producing qualitative insights competitively . our results give insight into why and how deep learning can generalize well , despite its large capacity , comple ←
→ core50 : a new dataset and benchmark for continuous object recognition ; continuous / lifelong learning of high - dimensional data streams is a challenging research problem . in fact , fully retraining models each time new data become available is infeasible , due to computational and storage issues , while na \" ive incremental strategies have been shown to suffer from catastrophic forgetting . in the context of real - world object recognition applications ( e . g ., robotic vision ), where continuous learning is crucial , ve ←
→ second - order shape optimization for geometric inverse problems in vision ; we develop a method for optimization in shape spaces , i . e ., sets of surfaces modulo re - parametrization . unlike previously proposed gradient flows , we achieve superlinear convergence rates through a subtle approximation of the shape hessian , which is generally hard to compute and suffers from a series of degeneracies . our analysis highlights the role of mean curvature motion in comparison with first - order schemes : instead of surface a ←
→ deep bidirectional and unidirectional lstm recurrent neural network for network - wide traffic speed prediction ; short - term traffic forecasting based on deep learning methods , especially long short - term memory ( lstm ) neural networks , has received much attention in recent years . however , the potential of deep learning methods in traffic forecasting has not yet fully been exploited in terms of the depth of the model architecture , the spatial scale of the prediction area , and the predictive power of spatial - t ←
→ leveraging side observations in stochastic bandits ; this paper considers stochastic bandits with side observations , a model that accounts for both the exploration / exploitation dilemma and relationships between arms . in this setting , after pulling an arm i , the decision maker also observes the rewards for some other actions related to i . we will see that this model is suited to content recommendation in social networks , where users ' reactions may be endorsed or not by their friends . we provide efficient alg ←
→ a further analysis of the role of heterogeneity in coevolutionary spatial games ; heterogeneity has been studied as one of the most common explanations of the puzzle of cooperation in social dilemmas . a large number of papers have been published discussing the effects of increasing heterogeneity in structured populations of agents , where it has been established that heterogeneity may favour cooperative behaviour if it supports agents to locally coordinate their strategies . in this paper , assuming an exist ←
→ the non - algorithmic side of the mind ; the existence of a non - algorithmic side of the mind , conjectured by penrose on the basis of g \" odel ' s first incompleteness theorem , is investigated here in terms of a quantum metalanguage . we suggest that , besides human ordinary thought , which can be formalized in a computable , logical language , there is another important kind of human thought , which is turing - non - computable . this is methatought , the process of thinking about ordinary thought . metathought can be formal ←
→ classification of time - series images using deep convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) has achieved a great success in image recognition task by automatically learning a hierarchical feature representation from raw data . while the majority of time - series classification ( tsc ) literature is focused on 1d signals , this paper uses recurrence plots ( rp ) to transform time - series into 2d texture images and then take advantage of the deep cnn classifier . image representation of time - s ←
→ impact of noise on a dynamical system : prediction and uncertainties from a swarm - optimized neural network ; in this study , an artificial neural network ( ann ) based on particle swarm optimization ( pso ) was developed for the time series prediction . the hybrid ann + pso algorithm was applied on mackey -- glass chaotic time series in the short - term $ x ( t + 6 )$. the performance prediction was evaluated and compared with another studies available in the literature . also , we presented properties of the dynamical system ←
→ computer - aided diagnosis of lung nodule using gradient tree boosting and bayesian optimization ; we aimed to evaluate computer - aided diagnosis ( cadx ) system for lung nodule classification focusing on ( i ) usefulness of gradient tree boosting ( xgboost ) and ( ii ) effectiveness of parameter optimization using bayesian optimization ( tree parzen estimator , tpe ) and random search . 99 lung nodules ( 62 lung cancers and 37 benign lung nodules ) were included from public databases of ct images . a variant of local bina ←
→ future localization from an egocentric depth image ; this paper presents a method for future localization : to predict a set of plausible trajectories of ego - motion given a depth image . we predict paths avoiding obstacles , between objects , even paths turning around a corner into space behind objects . as a byproduct of the predicted trajectories of ego - motion , we discover in the image the empty space occluded by foreground objects . we use no image based features such as semantic labeling / segmentation or objec ←
→ deep learning on fpgas : past , present , and future ; the rapid growth of data size and accessibility in recent years has instigated a shift of philosophy in algorithm design for artificial intelligence . instead of engineering algorithms by hand , the ability to learn composable systems automatically from massive amounts of data has led to ground - breaking performance in important domains such as computer vision , speech recognition , and natural language processing . the most popular class of techniques used in t ←
→ coordinating filters for faster deep neural networks ; very large - scale deep neural networks ( dnns ) have achieved remarkable successes in a large variety of computer vision tasks . however , the high computation intensity of dnns makes it challenging to deploy these models on resource - limited systems . some studies used low - rank approaches that approximate the filters by low - rank basis to accelerate the testing . those works directly decomposed the pre - trained dnns by low - rank approximations ( lra ). how to train ←
→ cognitive bias for universal algorithmic intelligence ; existing theoretical universal algorithmic intelligence models are not practically realizable . more pragmatic approach to artificial general intelligence is based on cognitive architectures , which are , however , non - universal in sense that they can construct and use models of the environment only from turing - incomplete model spaces . we believe that the way to the real agi consists in bridging the gap between these two approaches . this is possible if one ←
→ probabilistic top - down parsing and language modeling ; this paper describes the functioning of a broad - coverage probabilistic top - down parser , and its application to the problem of language modeling for speech recognition . the paper first introduces key notions in language modeling and probabilistic parsing , and briefly reviews some previous approaches to using syntactic structure for language modeling . a lexicalized probabilistic top - down parser is then presented , which performs very well , in terms of both ←
→ heuristic online goal recognition in continuous domains ; goal recognition is the problem of inferring the goal of an agent , based on its observed actions . an inspiring approach - plan recognition by planning ( prp ) - uses off - the - shelf planners to dynamically generate plans for given goals , eliminating the need for the traditional plan library . however , existing prp formulation is inherently inefficient in online recognition , and cannot be used with motion planners for continuous spaces . in this paper , we u ←
→ complexity issues and randomization strategies in frank - wolfe algorithms for machine learning ; frank - wolfe algorithms for convex minimization have recently gained considerable attention from the optimization and machine learning communities , as their properties make them a suitable choice in a variety of applications . however , as each iteration requires to optimize a linear model , a clever implementation is crucial to make such algorithms viable on large - scale datasets . for this purpose , approximation st ←
→ sequential recurrent neural networks for language modeling ; feedforward neural network ( fnn )- based language models estimate the probability of the next word based on the history of the last n words , whereas recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) perform the same task based only on the last word and some context information that cycles in the network . this paper presents a novel approach , which bridges the gap between these two categories of networks . in particular , we propose an architecture which takes advantage ←
→ high - dimensional additive modeling ; we propose a new sparsity - smoothness penalty for high - dimensional generalized additive models . the combination of sparsity and smoothness is crucial for mathematical theory as well as performance for finite - sample data . we present a computationally efficient algorithm , with provable numerical convergence properties , for optimizing the penalized likelihood . furthermore , we provide oracle results which yield asymptotic optimality of our estimator for high dimensional but s ←
→ constrained $ h ^ 1 $- regularization schemes for diffeomorphic image registration ; we propose regularization schemes for deformable registration and efficient algorithms for their numerical approximation . we treat image registration as a variational optimal control problem . the deformation map is parametrized by its velocity . tikhonov regularization ensures well - posedness . our scheme augments standard smoothness regularization operators based on $ h ^ 1 $- and $ h ^ 2 $- seminorms with a constraint on the divergence ←
→ part - of - speech relevance weights for learning word embeddings ; this paper proposes a model to learn word embeddings with weighted contexts based on part - of - speech ( pos ) relevance weights . pos is a fundamental element in natural language . however , state - of - the - art word embedding models fail to consider it . this paper proposes to use position - dependent pos relevance weighting matrices to model the inherent syntactic relationship among words within a context window . we utilize the pos relevance weights to mod ←
→ overfeat : integrated recognition , localization and detection using convolutional networks ; we present an integrated framework for using convolutional networks for classification , localization and detection . we show how a multiscale and sliding window approach can be efficiently implemented within a convnet . we also introduce a novel deep learning approach to localization by learning to predict object boundaries . bounding boxes are then accumulated rather than suppressed in order to increase detection con ←
→ learning to segment breast biopsy whole slide images ; we trained and applied an encoder - decoder model to semantically segment breast biopsy images into biologically meaningful tissue labels . since conventional encoder - decoder networks cannot be applied directly on large biopsy images and the different sized structures in biopsies present novel challenges , we propose four modifications : ( 1 ) an input - aware encoding block to compensate for information loss , ( 2 ) a new dense connection pattern between encoder a ←
→ empirical evaluation of tree distances for parser evaluation ; in this empirical study , i compare various tree distance measures -- originally developed in computational biology for the purpose of tree comparison -- for the purpose of parser evaluation . i will control for the parser setting by comparing the automatically generated parse trees from the state - of - the - art parser charniak , 2000 ) with the gold - standard parse trees . the article describes two different tree distance measures ( rf and qd ) along with ←
→ stochastic search with an observable state variable ; in this paper we study convex stochastic search problems where a noisy objective function value is observed after a decision is made . there are many stochastic search problems whose behavior depends on an exogenous state variable which affects the shape of the objective function . currently , there is no general purpose algorithm to solve this class of problems . we use nonparametric density estimation to take observations from the joint state - outcome distr ←
→ self - organising maps in computer security ; some argue that biologically inspired algorithms are the future of solving difficult problems in computer science . others strongly believe that the future lies in the exploration of mathematical foundations of problems at hand . the field of computer security tends to accept the latter view as a more appropriate approach due to its more workable validation and verification possibilities . the lack of rigorous scientific practices prevalent in biologically inspired s ←
→ depth perception in autostereograms : 1 / f - noise is best ; an autostereogram is a single image that encodes depth information that pops out when looking at it . the trick is achieved by replicating a vertical strip that sets a basic two - dimensional pattern with disparity shifts that encode a three - dimensional scene . it is of interest to explore the dependency between the ease of perceiving depth in autostereograms and the choice of the basic pattern used for generating them . in this work we confirm a theory pr ←
→ the curious robot : learning visual representations via physical interactions ; what is the right supervisory signal to train visual representations ? current approaches in computer vision use category labels from datasets such as imagenet to train convnets . however , in case of biological agents , visual representation learning does not require millions of semantic labels . we argue that biological agents use physical interactions with the world to learn visual representations unlike current vision systems wh ←
→ optimal statistical decision for gaussian graphical model selection ; gaussian graphical model is a graphical representation of the dependence structure for a gaussian random vector . it is recognized as a powerful tool in different applied fields such as bioinformatics , error - control codes , speech language , information retrieval and others . gaussian graphical model selection is a statistical problem to identify the gaussian graphical model from a sample of a given size . different approaches for gaussian gra ←
→ neonatal seizure detection using convolutional neural networks ; this study presents a novel end - to - end architecture that learns hierarchical representations from raw eeg data using fully convolutional deep neural networks for the task of neonatal seizure detection . the deep neural network acts as both feature extractor and classifier , allowing for end - to - end optimization of the seizure detector . the designed system is evaluated on a large dataset of continuous unedited multi - channel neonatal eeg totaling 8 ←
→$ a ^{ 4 } nt $: author attribute anonymity by adversarial training of neural machine translation ; text - based analysis methods allow to reveal privacy relevant author attributes such as gender , age and identify of the text ' s author . such methods can compromise the privacy of an anonymous author even when the author tries to remove privacy sensitive content . in this paper , we propose an automatic method , called adversarial author attribute anonymity neural translation ($ a ^ 4nt $), to combat such text - based advers ←
→ acronym recognition and processing in 22 languages ; we are presenting work on recognising acronyms of the form long - form ( short - form ) such as " international monetary fund ( imf )" in millions of news articles in twenty - two languages , as part of our more general effort to recognise entities and their variants in news text and to use them for the automatic analysis of the news , including the linking of related news across languages . we show how the acronym recognition patterns , initially developed for medical ←
→ reducing the effects of detrimental instances ; not all instances in a data set are equally beneficial for inducing a model of the data . some instances ( such as outliers or noise ) can be detrimental . however , at least initially , the instances in a data set are generally considered equally in machine learning algorithms . many current approaches for handling noisy and detrimental instances make a binary decision about whether an instance is detrimental or not . in this paper , we 1 ) extend this paradigm by weig ←
→ a density compensation - based path computing model for measuring semantic similarity ; the shortest path between two concepts in a taxonomic ontology is commonly used to represent the semantic distance between concepts in the edge - based semantic similarity measures . in the past , the edge counting is considered to be the default method for the path computation , which is simple , intuitive and has low computational complexity . however , a large lexical taxonomy of such as wordnet has the irregular densities of ←
→ dual language models for code mixed speech recognition ; in this work , we present a new approach to language modeling for bilingual code - switched text . this technique , called dual language models , involves building two complementary monolingual language models and combining them using a probabilistic model for switching between the two . the objective of this technique is to improve generalization when the amount of code - switched training data is limited . we evaluate the efficacy of our approach using a conv ←
→ the new modality : emoji challenges in prediction , anticipation , and retrieval ; over the past decade , emoji have emerged as a new and widespread form of digital communication , spanning diverse social networks and spoken languages . we propose to treat these ideograms as a new modality in their own right , distinct in their semantic structure from both the text in which they are often embedded as well as the images which they resemble . as a new modality , emoji present rich novel possibilities for representat ←
→ gossip learning with linear models on fully distributed data ; machine learning over fully distributed data poses an important problem in peer - to - peer ( p2p ) applications . in this model we have one data record at each network node , but without the possibility to move raw data due to privacy considerations . for example , user profiles , ratings , history , or sensor readings can represent this case . this problem is difficult , because there is no possibility to learn local models , the system model offers almost no ←
→ ku - ispl speaker recognition systems under language mismatch condition for nist 2016 speaker recognition evaluation ; korea university intelligent signal processing lab . ( ku - ispl ) developed speaker recognition system for sre16 fixed training condition . data for evaluation trials are collected from outside north america , spoken in tagalog and cantonese while training data only is spoken english . thus , main issue for sre16 is compensating the discrepancy between different languages . as development dataset wh ←
→ clustered regression with unknown clusters ; we consider a collection of prediction experiments , which are clustered in the sense that groups of experiments ex - hibit similar relationship between the predictor and response variables . the experiment clusters as well as the regres - sion relationships are unknown . the regression relation - ships define the experiment clusters , and in general , the predictor and response variables may not exhibit any clus - tering . we call this prediction problem clustered regres -←
→ persistent topology of syntax ; we study the persistent homology of the data set of syntactic parameters of the world languages . we show that , while homology generators behave erratically over the whole data set , non - trivial persistent homology appears when one restricts to specific language families . different families exhibit different persistent homology . we focus on the cases of the indo - european and the niger - congo families , for which we compare persistent homology over different cluster filtering valu ←
→ morphological analysis of the bishnupriya manipuri language using finite state transducers ; in this work we present a morphological analysis of bishnupriya manipuri language , an indo - aryan language spoken in the north eastern india . as of now , there is no computational work available for the language . finite state morphology is one of the successful approaches applied in a wide variety of languages over the year . therefore we adapted the finite state approach to analyse morphology of the bishnupriya mani ←
→ data - driven advice for applying machine learning to bioinformatics problems ; as the bioinformatics field grows , it must keep pace not only with new data but with new algorithms . here we contribute a thorough analysis of 13 state - of - the - art , commonly used machine learning algorithms on a set of 165 publicly available classification problems in order to provide data - driven algorithm recommendations to current researchers . we present a number of statistical and visual comparisons of algorithm performance an ←
→ identifying influential entries in a matrix ; for any matrix a in r ^( m x n ) of rank \ rho , we present a probability distribution over the entries of a ( the element - wise leverage scores of equation ( 2 )) that reveals the most influential entries in the matrix . from a theoretical perspective , we prove that sampling at most s = o (( m + n ) \ rho ^ 2 ln ( m + n )) entries of the matrix ( see eqn . ( 3 ) for the precise value of s ) with respect to these scores and solving the nuclear norm minimization problem on the sampled ←
→ stereotypical reasoning : logical properties ; stereotypical reasoning assumes that the situation at hand is one of a kind and that it enjoys the properties generally associated with that kind of situation . it is one of the most basic forms of nonmonotonic reasoning . a formal model for stereotypical reasoning is proposed and the logical properties of this form of reasoning are studied . stereotypical reasoning is shown to be cumulative under weak assumptions .←
→ gender recognition based on sift features ; this paper proposes a robust approach for face detection and gender classification in color images . previous researches about gender recognition suppose an expensive computational and time - consuming pre - processing step in order to alignment in which face images are aligned so that facial landmarks like eyes , nose , lips , chin are placed in uniform locations in image . in this paper , a novel technique based on mathematical analysis is represented in three stages that ←
→ neural sequence model training via $ α $- divergence minimization ; we propose a new neural sequence model training method in which the objective function is defined by $\ alpha $- divergence . we demonstrate that the objective function generalizes the maximum - likelihood ( ml )- based and reinforcement learning ( rl )- based objective functions as special cases ( i . e ., ml corresponds to $\ alpha \ to 0 $ and rl to $\ alpha \ to1 $). we also show that the gradient of the objective function can be considered a mixture of ml - and ←
→ deep learning analysis of the myocardium in coronary ct angiography for identification of patients with functionally significant coronary artery stenosis ; in patients with coronary artery stenoses of intermediate severity , the functional significance needs to be determined . fractional flow reserve ( ffr ) measurement , performed during invasive coronary angiography ( ica ), is most often used in clinical practice . to reduce the number of ica procedures , we present a method for automatic identification of pa ←
→ image inpainting using multi - scale feature image translation ; we study the task of image inpainting , which is to fill in the missing region of an incomplete image with plausible contents . to this end , we propose a learning - based approach to generate visually coherent completion given a high - resolution image with missing components . in order to overcome the difficulty to directly learn the distribution of high - dimensional image data , we divide the task into initialization and texture - refinement as two separ ←
→ qualitative propagation and scenario - based explanation of probabilistic reasoning ; comprehensible explanations of probabilistic reasoning are a prerequisite for wider acceptance of bayesian methods in expert systems and decision support systems . a study of human reasoning under uncertainty suggests two different strategies for explaining probabilistic reasoning : the first , qualitative belief propagation , traces the qualitative effect of evidence through a belief network from one variable to the next . thi ←
→ some reflections on the task of content determination in the context of multi - document summarization of evolving events ; despite its importance , the task of summarizing evolving events has received small attention by researchers in the field of multi - document summariztion . in a previous paper ( afantenos et al . 2007 ) we have presented a methodology for the automatic summarization of documents , emitted by multiple sources , which describe the evolution of an event . at the heart of this methodology lies the ←
→ a resolution prover for coalition logic ; we present a prototype tool for automated reasoning for coalition logic , a non - normal modal logic that can be used for reasoning about cooperative agency . the theorem prover clprover is based on recent work on a resolution - based calculus for coalition logic that operates on coalition problems , a normal form for coalition logic . we provide an overview of coalition problems and of the resolution - based calculus for coalition logic . we then give details of the implement ←
→ droplasso : a robust variant of lasso for single cell rna - seq data ; single - cell rna sequencing ( scrna - seq ) is a fast growing approach to measure the genome - wide transcriptome of many individual cells in parallel , but results in noisy data with many dropout events . existing methods to learn molecular signatures from bulk transcriptomic data may therefore not be adapted to scrna - seq data , in order to automatically classify individual cells into predefined classes . we propose a new method called droplasso to l ←
→ contextual and position - aware factorization machines for sentiment classification ; while existing machine learning models have achieved great success for sentiment classification , they typically do not explicitly capture sentiment - oriented word interaction , which can lead to poor results for fine - grained analysis at the snippet level ( a phrase or sentence ). factorization machine provides a possible approach to learning element - wise interaction for recommender systems , but they are not directly applicable ←
→ energy - relaxed wasserstein gans ( energywgan ): towards more stable and high resolution image generation ; recently , generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have achieved great impacts on a broad number of applications , including low resolution ( lr ) image synthesis . however , they suffer from unstable training especially when image resolution increases . to overcome this bottleneck , this paper generalizes the state - of - the - art wasserstein gans ( wgans ) to an energy - relaxed objective which enables more stable and h ←
→ deep reinforcement learning in parameterized action space ; recent work has shown that deep neural networks are capable of approximating both value functions and policies in reinforcement learning domains featuring continuous state and action spaces . however , to the best of our knowledge no previous work has succeeded at using deep neural networks in structured ( parameterized ) continuous action spaces . to fill this gap , this paper focuses on learning within the domain of simulated robocup soccer , which feat ←
→ reordering rules for english - hindi smt ; reordering is a preprocessing stage for statistical machine translation ( smt ) system where the words of the source sentence are reordered as per the syntax of the target language . we are proposing a rich set of rules for better reordering . the idea is to facilitate the training process by better alignments and parallel phrase extraction for a phrase - based smt system . reordering also helps the decoding process and hence improving the machine translation quality . we ha ←
→ l2 regularization versus batch and weight normalization ; batch normalization is a commonly used trick to improve the training of deep neural networks . these neural networks use l2 regularization , also called weight decay , ostensibly to prevent overfitting . however , we show that l2 regularization has no regularizing effect when combined with normalization . instead , regularization has an influence on the scale of weights , and thereby on the effective learning rate . we investigate this dependence , both in the ←
→ prediction of zoonosis incidence in human using seasonal auto regressive integrated moving average ( sarima ) ; zoonosis refers to the transmission of infectious diseases from animal to human . the increasing number of zoonosis incidence makes the great losses to lives , including humans and animals , and also the impact in social economic . it motivates development of a system that can predict the future number of zoonosis occurrences in human . this paper analyses and presents the use of seasonal autoregressiv ←
→ cognitive discriminative mappings for rapid learning ; humans can learn concepts or recognize items from just a handful of examples , while machines require many more samples to perform the same task . in this paper , we build a computational model to investigate the possibility of this kind of rapid learning . the proposed method aims to improve the learning task of input from sensory memory by leveraging the information retrieved from long - term memory . we present a simple and intuitive technique called cognit ←
→ emergence of language with multi - agent games : learning to communicate with sequences of symbols ; learning to communicate through interaction , rather than relying on explicit supervision , is often considered a prerequisite for developing a general ai . we study a setting where two agents engage in playing a referential game and , from scratch , develop a communication protocol necessary to succeed in this game . unlike previous work , we require that messages they exchange , both at train and test time , are in ←
→ russe ' 2018 : a shared task on word sense induction for the russian language ; the paper describes the results of the first shared task on word sense induction ( wsi ) for the russian language . while similar shared tasks were conducted in the past for some romance and germanic languages , we explore the performance of sense induction and disambiguation methods for a slavic language that shares many features with other slavic languages , such as rich morphology and free word order . the participants were asked to ←
→ optimal low - rank dynamic mode decomposition ; dynamic mode decomposition ( dmd ) has emerged as a powerful tool for analyzing the dynamics of non - linear systems from experimental datasets . recently , several attempts have extended dmd to the context of low - rank approximations . this extension is of particular interest for reduced - order modeling in various applicative domains , e . g . for climate prediction , to study molecular dynamics or micro - electromechanical devices . this low - rank extension takes the form of a ←
→ spectral collaborative representation based classification for hand gestures recognition on electromyography signals ; in this study , we introduce a novel variant and application of the collaborative representation based classification in spectral domain for recognition of the hand gestures using the raw surface electromyography signals . the intuitive use of spectral features are explained via circulant matrices . the proposed spectral collaborative representation based classification ( scrc ) is able to rec ←
→ a constrained object model for configuration based workflow composition ; automatic or assisted workflow composition is a field of intense research for applications to the world wide web or to business process modeling . workflow composition is traditionally addressed in various ways , generally via theorem proving techniques . recent research observed that building a composite workflow bears strong relationships with finite model search , and that some workflow languages can be defined as constrained object me ←
→ negbio : a high - performance tool for negation and uncertainty detection in radiology reports ; negative and uncertain medical findings are frequent in radiology reports , but discriminating them from positive findings remains challenging for information extraction . here , we propose a new algorithm , negbio , to detect negative and uncertain findings in radiology reports . unlike previous rule - based methods , negbio utilizes patterns on universal dependencies to identify the scope of triggers that are indicative ←
→ deep cnn based feature extractor for text - prompted speaker recognition ; deep learning is still not a very common tool in speaker verification field . we study deep convolutional neural network performance in the text - prompted speaker verification task . the prompted passphrase is segmented into word states - i . e . digits - to test each digit utterance separately . we train a single high - level feature extractor for all states and use cosine similarity metric for scoring . the key feature of our network is the max ←
→ contour detection using cost - sensitive convolutional neural networks ; we address the problem of contour detection via per - pixel classifications of edge point . to facilitate the process , the proposed approach leverages with densenet , an efficient implementation of multiscale convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), to extract an informative feature vector for each pixel and uses an svm classifier to accomplish contour detection . the main challenge lies in adapting a pre - trained per - image cnn model for yielding ←
→ a deep metric for multimodal registration ; multimodal registration is a challenging problem in medical imaging due the high variability of tissue appearance under different imaging modalities . the crucial component here is the choice of the right similarity measure . we make a step towards a general learning - based solution that can be adapted to specific situations and present a metric based on a convolutional neural network . our network can be trained from scratch even from a few aligned image pairs . the m ←
→ improving the competency of first - order ontologies ; we introduce a new framework to evaluate and improve first - order ( fo ) ontologies using automated theorem provers ( atps ) on the basis of competency questions ( cqs ). our framework includes both the adaptation of a methodology for evaluating ontologies to the framework of first - order logic and a new set of non - trivial cqs designed to evaluate fo versions of sumo , which significantly extends the very small set of cqs proposed in the literature . most of these ←
→ reiter ' s default logic is a logic of autoepistemic reasoning and a good one , too ; a fact apparently not observed earlier in the literature of nonmonotonic reasoning is that reiter , in his default logic paper , did not directly formalize informal defaults . instead , he translated a default into a certain natural language proposition and provided a formalization of the latter . a few years later , moore noted that propositions like the one used by reiter are fundamentally different than defaults and exhibit a ←
→ a large - scale dataset and benchmark for similar trademark retrieval ; trademark retrieval ( tr ) has become an important yet challenging problem due to an ever increasing trend in trademark applications and infringement incidents . there have been many promising attempts for the tr problem , which , however , fell impracticable since they were evaluated with limited and mostly trivial datasets . in this paper , we provide a large - scale dataset with benchmark queries with which different tr approaches can be evaluat ←
→ latent tree models for hierarchical topic detection ; we present a novel method for hierarchical topic detection where topics are obtained by clustering documents in multiple ways . specifically , we model document collections using a class of graphical models called hierarchical latent tree models ( hltms ). the variables at the bottom level of an hltm are observed binary variables that represent the presence / absence of words in a document . the variables at other levels are binary latent variables , with those ←
→ self - supervised video hashing with hierarchical binary auto - encoder ; existing video hash functions are built on three isolated stages : frame pooling , relaxed learning , and binarization , which have not adequately explored the temporal order of video frames in a joint binary optimization model , resulting in severe information loss . in this paper , we propose a novel unsupervised video hashing framework dubbed self - supervised video hashing ( ssvh ), that is able to capture the temporal nature of videos in an end ←
→ low - complexity modular policies : learning to play pac - man and a new framework beyond mdps ; in this paper we propose a method that learns to play pac - man . we define a set of high - level observation and action modules . actions are temporally extended , and multiple action modules may be in effect concurrently . a decision of the agent is represented as a rule - based policy . for learning , we apply the cross - entropy method , a recent global optimization algorithm . the learned policies reached better score than th ←
→ hyperspectral image classification with markov random fields and a convolutional neural network ; this paper presents a new supervised classification algorithm for remotely sensed hyperspectral image ( hsi ) which integrates spectral and spatial information in a unified bayesian framework . first , we formulate the hsi classification problem from a bayesian perspective . then , we adopt a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to learn the posterior class distributions using a patch - wise training strategy to better ←
→ approximate inference for constructing astronomical catalogs from images ; we present a new , fully generative model for constructing astronomical catalogs from optical telescope image sets . each pixel intensity is treated as a poisson random variable with a rate parameter that depends on the latent properties of stars and galaxies . these latent properties are themselves random , with scientific prior distributions constructed from large ancillary datasets . we compare two procedures for posterior inference : m ←
→ learning to fuse 2d and 3d image cues for monocular body pose estimation ; most recent approaches to monocular 3d human pose estimation rely on deep learning . they typically involve regressing from an image to either 3d joint coordinates directly or 2d joint locations from which 3d coordinates are inferred . both approaches have their strengths and weaknesses and we therefore propose a novel architecture designed to deliver the best of both worlds by performing both simultaneously and fusing the information ←
→ a principled approach to grammars for controlled natural languages and predictive editors ; controlled natural languages ( cnl ) with a direct mapping to formal logic have been proposed to improve the usability of knowledge representation systems , query interfaces , and formal specifications . predictive editors are a popular approach to solve the problem that cnls are easy to read but hard to write . such predictive editors need to be able to " look ahead " in order to show all possible continuations of a given ←
→ generating focussed molecule libraries for drug discovery with recurrent neural networks ; in de novo drug design , computational strategies are used to generate novel molecules with good affinity to the desired biological target . in this work , we show that recurrent neural networks can be trained as generative models for molecular structures , similar to statistical language models in natural language processing . we demonstrate that the properties of the generated molecules correlate very well with the pro ←
→ benchmarking denoising algorithms with real photographs ; lacking realistic ground truth data , image denoising techniques are traditionally evaluated on images corrupted by synthesized i . i . d . gaussian noise . we aim to obviate this unrealistic setting by developing a methodology for benchmarking denoising techniques on real photographs . we capture pairs of images with different iso values and appropriately adjusted exposure times , where the nearly noise - free low - iso image serves as reference . to derive the g ←
→ parameterized complexity results for plan reuse ; planning is a notoriously difficult computational problem of high worst - case complexity . researchers have been investing significant efforts to develop heuristics or restrictions to make planning practically feasible . case - based planning is a heuristic approach where one tries to reuse previous experience when solving similar problems in order to avoid some of the planning effort . plan reuse may offer an interesting alternative to plan generation in some set ←
→ performance analysis of regularized linear regression models for oxazolines and oxazoles derivitive descriptor dataset ; regularized regression techniques for linear regression have been created the last few ten years to reduce the flaws of ordinary least squares regression with regard to prediction accuracy . in this paper , new methods for using regularized regression in model choice are introduced , and we distinguish the conditions in which regularized regression develops our ability to discriminate mode ←
→ inductive coherence ; while probability theory is normally applied to external environments , there has been some recent interest in probabilistic modeling of the outputs of computations that are too expensive to run . since mathematical logic is a powerful tool for reasoning about computer programs , we consider this problem from the perspective of integrating probability and logic . recent work on assigning probabilities to mathematical statements has used the concept of coherent distributions , which satisfy ←
→ deepwheat : estimating phenotypic traits from crop images with deep learning ; in this paper , we investigate estimating emergence and biomass traits from color images and elevation maps of wheat field plots . we employ a state - of - the - art deconvolutional network for segmentation and convolutional architectures , with residual and inception - like layers , to estimate traits via high dimensional nonlinear regression . evaluation was performed on two different species of wheat , grown in field plots for an experimen ←
→ dynamic integration of background knowledge in neural nlu systems ; common - sense or background knowledge is required to understand natural language , but in most neural natural language understanding ( nlu ) systems , the requisite background knowledge is indirectly acquired from static corpora . we develop a new reading architecture for the dynamic integration of explicit background knowledge in nlu models . a new task - agnostic reading module provides refined word representations to a task - specific nlu architect ←
→ frequency based classification of activities using accelerometer data ; this work presents , the classification of user activities such as rest , walk and run , on the basis of frequency component present in the acceleration data in a wireless sensor network environment . as the frequencies of the above mentioned activities differ slightly for different person , so it gives a more accurate result . the algorithm uses just one parameter i . e . the frequency of the body acceleration data of the three axes for classif ←
→ a cognitive neural architecture able to learn and communicate through natural language ; communicative interactions involve a kind of procedural knowledge that is used by the human brain for processing verbal and nonverbal inputs and for language production . although considerable work has been done on modeling human language abilities , it has been difficult to bring them together to a comprehensive tabula rasa system compatible with current knowledge of how verbal information is processed in the brain . th ←
→ policy search : any local optimum enjoys a global performance guarantee ; local policy search is a popular reinforcement learning approach for handling large state spaces . formally , it searches locally in a paramet erized policy space in order to maximize the associated value function averaged over some predefined distribution . it is probably commonly b elieved that the best one can hope in general from such an approach is to get a local optimum of this criterion . in this article , we show th e following surp ←
→ a vision system for multi - view face recognition ; multimodal biometric identification has been grown a great attention in the most interests in the security fields . in the real world there exist modern system devices that are able to detect , recognize , and classify the human identities with reliable and fast recognition rates . unfortunately most of these systems rely on one modality , and the reliability for two or more modalities are further decreased . the variations of face images with respect to different ←
→ improving correlation with human judgments by integrating semantic similarity with second -- order vectors ; vector space methods that measure semantic similarity and relatedness often rely on distributional information such as co -- occurrence frequencies or statistical measures of association to weight the importance of particular co -- occurrences . in this paper , we extend these methods by incorporating a measure of semantic similarity based on a human curated taxonomy into a second -- order vector representat ←
→ object tracking in videos : approaches and issues ; mobile object tracking has an important role in the computer vision applications . in this paper , we use a tracked target - based taxonomy to present the object tracking algorithms . the tracked targets are divided into three categories : points of interest , appearance and silhouette of mobile objects . advantages and limitations of the tracking approaches are also analyzed to find the future directions in the object tracking domain .←
→ prisma : proximal iterative smoothing algorithm ; motivated by learning problems including max - norm regularized matrix completion and clustering , robust pca and sparse inverse covariance selection , we propose a novel optimization algorithm for minimizing a convex objective which decomposes into three parts : a smooth part , a simple non - smooth lipschitz part , and a simple non - smooth non - lipschitz part . we use a time variant smoothing strategy that allows us to obtain a guarantee that does not depend on knowing ←
→ investigating the working of text classifiers ; text classification is one of the most widely studied task in natural language processing . recently , larger and larger multilayer neural network models are employed for the task motivated by the principle of compositionality . almost all of the methods reported use discriminative approaches for the task . discriminative approaches come with a caveat that if there is no proper capacity control , it might latch on to any signal even though it might not generalize . ←
→ very deep multilingual convolutional neural networks for lvcsr ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are a standard component of many current state - of - the - art large vocabulary continuous speech recognition ( lvcsr ) systems . however , cnns in lvcsr have not kept pace with recent advances in other domains where deeper neural networks provide superior performance . in this paper we propose a number of architectural advances in cnns for lvcsr . first , we introduce a very deep convolutional network architecture wit ←
→ generalization bounds for domain adaptation ; in this paper , we provide a new framework to obtain the generalization bounds of the learning process for domain adaptation , and then apply the derived bounds to analyze the asymptotical convergence of the learning process . without loss of generality , we consider two kinds of representative domain adaptation : one is with multiple sources and the other is combining source and target data . in particular , we use the integral probability metric to measure the diff ←
→ analogy perception applied to seven tests of word comprehension ; it has been argued that analogy is the core of cognition . in ai research , algorithms for analogy are often limited by the need for hand - coded high - level representations as input . an alternative approach is to use high - level perception , in which high - level representations are automatically generated from raw data . analogy perception is the process of recognizing analogies using high - level perception . we present pairclass , an algorithm for anal ←
→ breast mass classification from mammograms using deep convolutional neural networks ; mammography is the most widely used method to screen breast cancer . because of its mostly manual nature , variability in mass appearance , and low signal - to - noise ratio , a significant number of breast masses are missed or misdiagnosed . in this work , we present how convolutional neural networks can be used to directly classify pre - segmented breast masses in mammograms as benign or malignant , using a combination of transfer ←
→ on the dual formulation of boosting algorithms ; we study boosting algorithms from a new perspective . we show that the lagrange dual problems of adaboost , logitboost and soft - margin lpboost with generalized hinge loss are all entropy maximization problems . by looking at the dual problems of these boosting algorithms , we show that the success of boosting algorithms can be understood in terms of maintaining a better margin distribution by maximizing margins and at the same time controlling the margin variance ←
→ extending term subsumption systems for uncertainty management ; a major difficulty in developing and maintaining very large knowledge bases originates from the variety of forms in which knowledge is made available to the kb builder . the objective of this research is to bring together two complementary knowledge representation schemes : term subsumption languages , which represent and reason about defining characteristics of concepts , and proximate reasoning models , which deal with uncertain knowledge and data ←
→ fast , linear time , m - adic hierarchical clustering for search and retrieval using the baire metric , with linkages to generalized ultrametrics , hashing , formal concept analysis , and precision of data measurement ; we describe many vantage points on the baire metric and its use in clustering data , or its use in preprocessing and structuring data in order to support search and retrieval operations . in some cases , we proceed directly to clusters and do not directly determine the distances . we show how a hier ←
→ modelling prosodic structure using artificial neural networks ; the ability to accurately perceive whether a speaker is asking a question or is making a statement is crucial for any successful interaction . however , learning and classifying tonal patterns has been a challenging task for automatic speech recognition and for models of tonal representation , as tonal contours are characterized by significant variation . this paper provides a classification model of cypriot greek questions and statements . we evalu ←
→ training deep face recognition systems with synthetic data ; recent advances in deep learning have significantly increased the performance of face recognition systems . the performance and reliability of these models depend heavily on the amount and quality of the training data . however , the collection of annotated large datasets does not scale well and the control over the quality of the data decreases with the size of the dataset . in this work , we explore how synthetically generated data can be used to dec ←
→ detecting table region in pdf documents using distant supervision ; superior to state - of - the - art approaches which compete in table recognition with 67 annotated government reports in pdf format released by {\ it icdar 2013 table competition }, this paper contributes a novel paradigm leveraging large - scale unlabeled pdf documents to open - domain table detection . we integrate the paradigm into our latest developed system ({\ it pdfextra }) to detect the region of tables by means of 9 , 466 academic articles from the ←
→ gendered conversation in a social game - streaming platform ; online social media and games are increasingly replacing offline social activities . social media is now an indispensable mode of communication ; online gaming is not only a genuine social activity but also a popular spectator sport . with support for anonymity and larger audiences , online interaction shrinks social and geographical barriers . despite such benefits , social disparities such as gender inequality persist in online social media . in particu ←
→ deep learning for hate speech detection in tweets ; hate speech detection on twitter is critical for applications like controversial event extraction , building ai chatterbots , content recommendation , and sentiment analysis . we define this task as being able to classify a tweet as racist , sexist or neither . the complexity of the natural language constructs makes this task very challenging . we perform extensive experiments with multiple deep learning architectures to learn semantic word embeddings to handle t ←
→ gbm volumetry using the 3d slicer medical image computing platform ; volumetric change in glioblastoma multiforme ( gbm ) over time is a critical factor in treatment decisions . typically , the tumor volume is computed on a slice - by - slice basis using mri scans obtained at regular intervals . ( 3d ) slicer - a free platform for biomedical research - provides an alternative to this manual slice - by - slice segmentation process , which is significantly faster and requires less user interaction . in this study , 4 physicians ←
→ learning to write stylized chinese characters by reading a handful of examples ; automatically writing stylized chinese characters is an attractive yet challenging task due to its wide applicabilities . in this paper , we propose a novel framework named style - aware variational auto - encoder ( sa - vae ) to flexibly generate chinese characters . specifically , we propose to capture the different characteristics of a chinese character by disentangling the latent features into content - related and style - related compon ←
→ orthogonalized als : a theoretically principled tensor decomposition algorithm for practical use ; the popular alternating least squares ( als ) algorithm for tensor decomposition is efficient and easy to implement , but often converges to poor local optima --- particularly when the weights of the factors are non - uniform . we propose a modification of the als approach that is as efficient as standard als , but provably recovers the true factors with random initialization under standard incoherence assumptions on ←
→ a method of limiting performance loss of cnns in noisy environments ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) recognition rates drop in the presence of noise . we demonstrate a novel method of counteracting this drop in recognition rate by adjusting the biases of the neurons in the convolutional layers according to the noise conditions encountered at runtime . we compare our technique to training one network for all possible noise levels , dehazing via preprocessing a signal with a denoising autoencoder , and traini ←
→ how auto - encoders could provide credit assignment in deep networks via target propagation ; we propose to exploit {\ em reconstruction } as a layer - local training signal for deep learning . reconstructions can be propagated in a form of target propagation playing a role similar to back - propagation but helping to reduce the reliance on derivatives in order to perform credit assignment across many levels of possibly strong non - linearities ( which is difficult for back - propagation ). a regularized auto - encoder te ←
→ multiple object tracking with kernelized correlation filters in urban mixed traffic ; recently , the kernelized correlation filters tracker ( kcf ) achieved competitive performance and robustness in visual object tracking . on the other hand , visual trackers are not typically used in multiple object tracking . in this paper , we investigate how a robust visual tracker like kcf can improve multiple object tracking . since kcf is a fast tracker , many can be used in parallel and still result in fast tracking . we bu ←
→ adaptive measurement network for cs image reconstruction ; conventional compressive sensing ( cs ) reconstruction is very slow for its characteristic of solving an optimization problem . convolu - tional neural network can realize fast processing while achieving compa - rable results . while cs image recovery with high quality not only de - pends on good reconstruction algorithms , but also good measurements . in this paper , we propose an adaptive measurement network in which measurement is obtained by learning . the ←
→ prediction of daytime hypoglycemic events using continuous glucose monitoring data and classification technique ; daytime hypoglycemia should be accurately predicted to achieve normoglycemia and to avoid disastrous situations . hypoglycemia , an abnormally low blood glucose level , is divided into daytime hypoglycemia and nocturnal hypoglycemia . many studies of hypoglycemia prevention deal with nocturnal hypoglycemia . in this paper , we propose new predictor variables to predict daytime hypoglycemia using con ←
→ understanding machine - learned density functionals ; kernel ridge regression is used to approximate the kinetic energy of non - interacting fermions in a one - dimensional box as a functional of their density . the properties of different kernels and methods of cross - validation are explored , and highly accurate energies are achieved . accurate {\ em constrained optimal densities } are found via a modified euler - lagrange constrained minimization of the total energy . a projected gradient descent algorithm is derived u ←
→ hypothesis management in situation - specific network construction ; this paper considers the problem of knowledge - based model construction in the presence of uncertainty about the association of domain entities to random variables . multi - entity bayesian networks ( mebns ) are defined as a representation for knowledge in domains characterized by uncertainty in the number of relevant entities , their interrelationships , and their association with observables . an mebn implicitly specifies a probability distributio ←
→ a decomposition of the max - min fair curriculum - based course timetabling problem ; we propose a decomposition of the max - min fair curriculum - based course timetabling ( mmf - cb - ctt ) problem . the decomposition models the room assignment subproblem as a generalized lexicographic bottleneck optimization problem ( lbop ). we show that the generalized lbop can be solved efficiently if the corresponding sum optimization problem can be solved efficiently . as a consequence , the room assignment subproblem of the mmf - cb -←
→ digital ecosystems ; we view digital ecosystems to be the digital counterparts of biological ecosystems , which are considered to be robust , self - organising and scalable architectures that can automatically solve complex , dynamic problems . so , this work is concerned with the creation , investigation , and optimisation of digital ecosystems , exploiting the self - organising properties of biological ecosystems . first , we created the digital ecosystem , a novel optimisation technique inspired by biological ecosystem ←
→ a quasi - newton approach to nonsmooth convex optimization problems in machine learning ; we extend the well - known bfgs quasi - newton method and its memory - limited variant lbfgs to the optimization of nonsmooth convex objectives . this is done in a rigorous fashion by generalizing three components of bfgs to subdifferentials : the local quadratic model , the identification of a descent direction , and the wolfe line search conditions . we prove that under some technical conditions , the resulting subbfgs algorithm ←
→ model accuracy and runtime tradeoff in distributed deep learning : a systematic study ; this paper presents rudra , a parameter server based distributed computing framework tuned for training large - scale deep neural networks . using variants of the asynchronous stochastic gradient descent algorithm we study the impact of synchronization protocol , stale gradient updates , minibatch size , learning rates , and number of learners on runtime performance and model accuracy . we introduce a new learning rate modulation ←
→ a study of the effect of jpg compression on adversarial images ; neural network image classifiers are known to be vulnerable to adversarial images , i . e ., natural images which have been modified by an adversarial perturbation specifically designed to be imperceptible to humans yet fool the classifier . not only can adversarial images be generated easily , but these images will often be adversarial for networks trained on disjoint subsets of data or with different architectures . adversarial images represent a p ←
→ a nested attention neural hybrid model for grammatical error correction ; grammatical error correction ( gec ) systems strive to correct both global errors in word order and usage , and local errors in spelling and inflection . further developing upon recent work on neural machine translation , we propose a new hybrid neural model with nested attention layers for gec . experiments show that the new model can effectively correct errors of both types by incorporating word and character - level information , and that th ←
→ music genre classification using masked conditional neural networks ; the conditional neural networks ( clnn ) and the masked conditional neural networks ( mclnn ) exploit the nature of multi - dimensional temporal signals . the clnn captures the conditional temporal influence between the frames in a window and the mask in the mclnn enforces a systematic sparseness that follows a filterbank - like pattern over the network links . the mask induces the network to learn about time - frequency representations in bands , all ←
→ the encoding of proprioceptive inputs in the brain : knowns and unknowns from a robotic perspective ; somatosensory inputs can be grossly divided into tactile ( or cutaneous ) and proprioceptive -- the former conveying information about skin stimulation , the latter about limb position and movement . the principal proprioceptors are constituted by muscle spindles , which deliver information about muscle length and speed . in primates , this information is relayed to the primary somatosensory cortex and eventually ←
→ exploiting random projections and sparsity with random forests and gradient boosting methods -- application to multi - label and multi - output learning , random forest model compression and leveraging input sparsity ; within machine learning , the supervised learning field aims at modeling the input - output relationship of a system , from past observations of its behavior . decision trees characterize the input - output relationship through a series of nested $ if - then - else $ questions , the testing nodes , leading t ←
→ towards automatic abdominal multi - organ segmentation in dual energy ct using cascaded 3d fully convolutional network ; automatic multi - organ segmentation of the dual energy computed tomography ( dect ) data can be beneficial for biomedical research and clinical applications . however , it is a challenging task . recent advances in deep learning showed the feasibility to use 3 - d fully convolutional networks ( fcn ) for voxel - wise dense predictions in single energy computed tomography ( sect ). in this paper , we pro ←
→ on the importance of normative data in speech - based assessment ; data sets for identifying alzheimer ' s disease ( ad ) are often relatively sparse , which limits their ability to train generalizable models . here , we augment such a data set , dementiabank , with each of two normative data sets , the wisconsin longitudinal study and talk2me , each of which employs a speech - based picture - description assessment . through minority class oversampling with adasyn , we outperform state - of - the - art results in binary classifica ←
→ sample - targeted clinical trial adaptation ; clinical trial adaptation refers to any adjustment of the trial protocol after the onset of the trial . the main goal is to make the process of introducing new medical interventions to patients more efficient by reducing the cost and the time associated with evaluating their safety and efficacy . the principal question is how should adaptation be performed so as to minimize the chance of distorting the outcome of the trial . we propose a novel method for achieving th ←
→ semantic clustering of russian web search results : possibilities and problems ; the paper deals with word sense induction from lexical co - occurrence graphs . we construct such graphs on large russian corpora and then apply this data to cluster mail . ru search results according to meanings of the query . we compare different methods of performing such clustering and different source corpora . models of applying distributional semantics to big linguistic data are described .←
→ a berkeley view of systems challenges for ai ; with the increasing commoditization of computer vision , speech recognition and machine translation systems and the widespread deployment of learning - based back - end technologies such as digital advertising and intelligent infrastructures , ai ( artificial intelligence ) has moved from research labs to production . these changes have been made possible by unprecedented levels of data and computation , by methodological advances in machine learning , by innovations in s ←
→ long - term blood pressure prediction with deep recurrent neural networks ; existing methods for arterial blood pressure ( bp ) estimation directly map the input physiological signals to output bp values without explicitly modeling the underlying temporal dependencies in bp dynamics . as a result , these models suffer from accuracy decay over a long time and thus require frequent calibration . in this work , we address this issue by formulating bp estimation as a sequence prediction problem in which both the input ←
→ image denoising using low rank minimization with modified noise estimation ; recently , the application of low rank minimization to image denoising has shown remarkable denoising results which are equivalent or better than those of the existing state - of - the - art algorithms . however , due to iterative nature of low rank optimization , estimation of residual noise is an essential requirement after each iteration . currently , this noise is estimated by using the filtered noise in the previous iteration without co ←
→ curve registered coupled low rank factorization ; we propose an extension of the canonical polyadic ( cp ) tensor model where one of the latent factors is allowed to vary through data slices in a constrained way . the components of the latent factors , which we want to retrieve from data , can vary from one slice to another up to a diffeomorphism . we suppose that the diffeomorphisms are also unknown , thus merging curve registration and tensor decomposition in one model , which we call registered cp . we present an ←
→ memory vectors for similarity search in high - dimensional spaces ; we study an indexing architecture to store and search in a database of high - dimensional vectors from the perspective of statistical signal processing and decision theory . this architecture is composed of several memory units , each of which summarizes a fraction of the database by a single representative vector . the potential similarity of the query to one of the vectors stored in the memory unit is gauged by a simple correlation with the memo ←
→ model distillation with knowledge transfer from face classification to alignment and verification ; knowledge distillation is a potential solution for model compression . the idea is to make a small student network imitate the target of a large teacher network , then the student network can be competitive to the teacher one . most previous studies focus on model distillation in the classification task , where they propose different architects and initializations for the student network . however , only the clas ←
→ computing lpmln using asp and mln solvers ; lpmln is a recent addition to probabilistic logic programming languages . its main idea is to overcome the rigid nature of the stable model semantics by assigning a weight to each rule in a way similar to markov logic is defined . we present two implementations of lpmln , $\ text { lpmln2asp }$ and $\ text { lpmln2mln }$. system $\ text { lpmln2asp }$ translates lpmln programs into the input language of answer set solver $\ text { clingo }$, and using weak constraints and stable mod ←
→ clever search : a wordnet based wrapper for internet search engines ; this paper presents an approach to enhance search engines with information about word senses available in wordnet . the approach exploits information about the conceptual relations within the lexical - semantic net . in the wrapper for search engines presented , wordnet information is used to specify user ' s request or to classify the results of a publicly available web search engine , like google , yahoo , etc .←
→ optimal rates for spectral - regularized algorithms with least - squares regression over hilbert spaces ; in this paper , we study regression problems over a separable hilbert space with the square loss , covering non - parametric regression over a reproducing kernel hilbert space . we investigate a class of spectral - regularized algorithms , including ridge regression , principal component analysis , and gradient methods . we prove optimal , high - probability convergence results in terms of variants of norms for the stu ←
→ training a fully convolutional neural network to route integrated circuits ; we present a deep , fully convolutional neural network that learns to route a circuit layout net with appropriate choice of metal tracks and wire class combinations . inputs to the network are the encoded layouts containing spatial location of pins to be routed . after 15 fully convolutional stages followed by a score comparator , the network outputs 8 layout layers ( corresponding to 4 route layers , 3 via layers and an identity - mappe ←
→ inner product similarity search using compositional codes ; this paper addresses the nearest neighbor search problem under inner product similarity and introduces a compact code - based approach . the idea is to approximate a vector using the composition of several elements selected from a source dictionary and to represent this vector by a short code composed of the indices of the selected elements . the inner product between a query vector and a database vector is efficiently estimated from the query vector a ←
→ sparse frequency analysis with sparse - derivative instantaneous amplitude and phase functions ; this paper addresses the problem of expressing a signal as a sum of frequency components ( sinusoids ) wherein each sinusoid may exhibit abrupt changes in its amplitude and / or phase . the fourier transform of a narrow - band signal , with a discontinuous amplitude and / or phase function , exhibits spectral and temporal spreading . the proposed method aims to avoid such spreading by explicitly modeling the signal of inter ←
→ a generative model for multi - dialect representation ; in the era of deep learning several unsupervised models have been developed to capture the key features in unlabeled handwritten data . popular among them is the restricted boltzmann machines rbm . however , due to the novelty in handwritten multidialect data , the rbm may fail to generate an efficient representation . in this paper we propose a generative model , the mode synthesizing machine msm for on - line representation of real life handwritten multidialec ←
→ parsimonious labeling ; we propose a new family of discrete energy minimization problems , which we call parsimonious labeling . specifically , our energy functional consists of unary potentials and high - order clique potentials . while the unary potentials are arbitrary , the clique potentials are proportional to the {\ em diversity } of set of the unique labels assigned to the clique . intuitively , our energy functional encourages the labeling to be parsimonious , that is , use as few labels as possible . this in tur ←
→ identifying structures in social conversations in nsclc patients through the semi - automatic extraction of topical taxonomies ; the exploration of social conversations for addressing patient ' s needs is an important analytical task in which many scholarly publications are contributing to fill the knowledge gap in this area . the main difficulty remains the inability to turn such contributions into pragmatic processes the pharmaceutical industry can leverage in order to generate insight from social media data ←
→ song from pi : a musically plausible network for pop music generation ; we present a novel framework for generating pop music . our model is a hierarchical recurrent neural network , where the layers and the structure of the hierarchy encode our prior knowledge about how pop music is composed . in particular , the bottom layers generate the melody , while the higher levels produce the drums and chords . we conduct several human studies that show strong preference of our generated music over that produced by the re ←
→ an iterative closest point method for unsupervised word translation ; unsupervised word translation from non - parallel inter - lingual corpora has attracted much research interest . very recently , neural network methods trained with adversarial loss functions achieved high accuracy on this task . despite the impressive success of the recent techniques , they suffer from the typical drawbacks of generative adversarial models : sensitivity to hyper - parameters , long training time and lack of interpretability . in this ←
→ feature elimination in kernel machines in moderately high dimensions ; we develop an approach for feature elimination in statistical learning with kernel machines , based on recursive elimination of features . we present theoretical properties of this method and show that it is uniformly consistent in finding the correct feature space under certain generalized assumptions . we present four case studies to show that the assumptions are met in most practical situations and present simulation results to demonstrate ←
→ automated pruning for deep neural network compression ; in this work we present a method to improve the pruning step of the current state - of - the - art methodology to compress neural networks . the novelty of the proposed pruning technique is in its differentiability , which allows pruning to be performed during the backpropagation phase of the network training . this enables an end - to - end learning and strongly reduces the training time . the technique is based on a family of differentiable pruning functions and a ←
→ visual tracking via boolean map representations ; in this paper , we present a simple yet effective boolean map based representation that exploits connectivity cues for visual tracking . we describe a target object with histogram of oriented gradients and raw color features , of which each one is characterized by a set of boolean maps generated by uniformly thresholding their values . the boolean maps effectively encode multi - scale connectivity cues of the target with different granularities . the fine - grained b ←
→ empirical gaussian priors for cross - lingual transfer learning ; sequence model learning algorithms typically maximize log - likelihood minus the norm of the model ( or minimize hamming loss + norm ). in cross - lingual part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging , our target language training data consists of sequences of sentences with word - by - word labels projected from translations in $ k $ languages for which we have labeled data , via word alignments . our training data is therefore very noisy , and if rademacher complexity is hi ←
→ semantic3d . net : a new large - scale point cloud classification benchmark ; this paper presents a new 3d point cloud classification benchmark data set with over four billion manually labelled points , meant as input for data - hungry ( deep ) learning methods . we also discuss first submissions to the benchmark that use deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) as a work horse , which already show remarkable performance improvements over state - of - the - art . cnns have become the de - facto standard for many tasks in compu ←
→ what can help pedestrian detection ? ; aggregating extra features has been considered as an effective approach to boost traditional pedestrian detection methods . however , there is still a lack of studies on whether and how cnn - based pedestrian detectors can benefit from these extra features . the first contribution of this paper is exploring this issue by aggregating extra features into cnn - based pedestrian detection framework . through extensive experiments , we evaluate the effects of different kinds of extra ←
→ deep sentence embedding using long short - term memory networks : analysis and application to information retrieval ; this paper develops a model that addresses sentence embedding , a hot topic in current natural language processing research , using recurrent neural networks with long short - term memory ( lstm ) cells . due to its ability to capture long term memory , the lstm - rnn accumulates increasingly richer information as it goes through the sentence , and when it reaches the last word , the hidden layer of the ←
→ rover descent : learning to optimize by learning to navigate on prototypical loss surfaces ; learning to optimize - the idea that we can learn from data algorithms that optimize a numerical criterion - has recently been at the heart of a growing number of research efforts . one of the most challenging issues within this approach is to learn a policy that is able to optimize over classes of functions that are fairly different from the ones that it was trained on . we propose a novel way of framing learning to ←
→ cnn based learning using reflection and retinex models for intrinsic image decomposition ; most of the traditional work on intrinsic image decomposition rely on deriving priors about scene characteristics . on the other hand , recent research use deep learning models as in - and - out black box and do not consider the well - established , traditional image formation process as the basis of their intrinsic learning process . as a consequence , although current deep learning approaches show superior performance when c ←
→ learning from ordered sets and applications in collaborative ranking ; ranking over sets arise when users choose between groups of items . for example , a group may be of those movies deemed $ 5 $ stars to them , or a customized tour package . it turns out , to model this data type properly , we need to investigate the general combinatorics problem of partitioning a set and ordering the subsets . here we construct a probabilistic log - linear model over a set of ordered subsets . inference in this combinatorial space i ←
→ enhancing support for knowledge works : a relatively unexplored vista of computing research ; let us envision a new class of it systems , the " support systems for knowledge works " or sskw . an sskw can be defined as a system built for providing comprehensive support to human knowledge - workers while performing instances of complex knowledge - works of a particular type within a particular domain of professional activities to get an idea what an sskw - enabled work environment can be like , let us look into a hypot ←
→ temporal second difference traces ; q - learning is a reliable but inefficient off - policy temporal - difference method , backing up reward only one step at a time . replacing traces , using a recency heuristic , are more efficient but less reliable . in this work , we introduce model - free , off - policy temporal difference methods that make better use of experience than watkins ' q (\ lambda ). we introduce both optimistic q (\ lambda ) and the temporal second difference trace ( tsdt ). tsdt is particularly powerful in determini ←
→ counterexample guided inductive optimization ; this paper describes three variants of a counterexample guided inductive optimization ( cegio ) approach based on satisfiability modulo theories ( smt ) solvers . in particular , cegio relies on iterative executions to constrain a verification procedure , in order to perform inductive generalization , based on counterexamples extracted from smt solvers . cegio is able to successfully optimize a wide range of functions , including non - linear and non - convex optimization pr ←
→ maximizing a nonnegative , monotone , submodular function constrained to matchings ; submodular functions have many applications . matchings have many applications . the bitext word alignment problem can be modeled as the problem of maximizing a nonnegative , monotone , submodular function constrained to matchings in a complete bipartite graph where each vertex corresponds to a word in the two input sentences and each edge represents a potential word - to - word translation . we propose a more general problem of max ←
→ a kernel for time series based on global alignments ; we propose in this paper a new family of kernels to handle times series , notably speech data , within the framework of kernel methods which includes popular algorithms such as the support vector machine . these kernels elaborate on the well known dynamic time warping ( dtw ) family of distances by considering the same set of elementary operations , namely substitutions and repetitions of tokens , to map a sequence onto another . associating to each of these ope ←
→ subpopulation diversity based selecting migration moment in distributed evolutionary algorithms ; in distributed evolutionary algorithms , migration interval is used to decide migration moments . nevertheless , migration moments predetermined by intervals cannot match the dynamic situation of evolution . in this paper , a scheme of setting the success rate of migration based on subpopulation diversity at each interval is proposed . with the scheme , migration still occurs at intervals , but the probability of imm ←
→ indonesian social media sentiment analysis with sarcasm detection ; sarcasm is considered one of the most difficult problem in sentiment analysis . in our ob - servation on indonesian social media , for cer - tain topics , people tend to criticize something using sarcasm . here , we proposed two additional features to detect sarcasm after a common sentiment analysis is conducted . the features are the negativity information and the number of interjection words . we also employed translated sentiwordnet in the sentimen ←
→ stochastic optimization of smooth loss ; in this paper , we first prove a high probability bound rather than an expectation bound for stochastic optimization with smooth loss . furthermore , the existing analysis requires the knowledge of optimal classifier for tuning the step size in order to achieve the desired bound . however , this information is usually not accessible in advanced . we also propose a strategy to address the limitation .←
→ how to formulate and solve statistical recognition and learning problems ; we formulate problems of statistical recognition and learning in a common framework of complex hypothesis testing . based on arguments from multi - criteria optimization , we identify strategies that are improper for solving these problems and derive a common form of the remaining strategies . we show that some widely used approaches to recognition and learning are improper in this sense . we then propose a generalized formulation of the r ←
→ smooth loss functions for deep top - k classification ; the top - k error is a common measure of performance in machine learning and computer vision . in practice , top - k classification is typically performed with deep neural networks trained with the cross - entropy loss . theoretical results indeed suggest that cross - entropy is an optimal learning objective for such a task in the limit of infinite data . in the context of limited and noisy data however , the use of a loss function that is specifically designed for t ←
→ random context and semi - conditional insertion - deletion systems ; in this article we introduce the operations of insertion and deletion working in a random - context and semi - conditional manner . we show that the conditional use of rules strictly increase the computational power . in the case of semi - conditional insertion - deletion systems context - free insertion and deletion rules of one symbol are sufficient to get the computational completeness . in the random context case our results expose an asymmetry between ←
→ lstm pose machines ; we observed that recent state - of - the - art results on single image human pose estimation were achieved by multi - stage convolution neural networks ( cnn ). notwithstanding the superior performance on static images , the application of these models on videos is not only computationally intensive , it also suffers from performance degeneration and flicking . such suboptimal results are mainly attributed to the inability of imposing sequential geometric consistency , handling severe image quality d ←
→ soft - nms -- improving object detection with one line of code ; non - maximum suppression is an integral part of the object detection pipeline . first , it sorts all detection boxes on the basis of their scores . the detection box m with the maximum score is selected and all other detection boxes with a significant overlap ( using a pre - defined threshold ) with m are suppressed . this process is recursively applied on the remaining boxes . as per the design of the algorithm , if an object lies within the predefined ov ←
→ a fusion approach for efficient human skin detection ; a reliable human skin detection method that is adaptable to different human skin colours and illu - mination conditions is essential for better human skin segmentation . even though different human skin colour detection solutions have been successfully applied , they are prone to false skin detection and are not able to cope with the variety of human skin colours across different ethnic . moreover , existing methods require high computational cost . in this p ←
→ beautiful and damned . combined effect of content quality and social ties on user engagement ; user participation in online communities is driven by the intertwinement of the social network structure with the crowd - generated content that flows along its links . these aspects are rarely explored jointly and at scale . by looking at how users generate and access pictures of varying beauty on flickr , we investigate how the production of quality impacts the dynamics of online social systems . we develop a deep le ←
→ planning by prioritized sweeping with small backups ; efficient planning plays a crucial role in model - based reinforcement learning . traditionally , the main planning operation is a full backup based on the current estimates of the successor states . consequently , its computation time is proportional to the number of successor states . in this paper , we introduce a new planning backup that uses only the current value of a single successor state and has a computation time independent of the number of successor ←
→ handwritten bangla digit recognition using deep learning ; in spite of the advances in pattern recognition technology , handwritten bangla character recognition ( hbcr ) ( such as alpha - numeric and special characters ) remains largely unsolved due to the presence of many perplexing characters and excessive cursive in bangla handwriting . even the best existing recognizers do not lead to satisfactory performance for practical applications . to improve the performance of handwritten bangla digit recognition ( hbdr ), ←
→ persistence diagrams with linear machine learning models ; persistence diagrams have been widely recognized as a compact descriptor for characterizing multiscale topological features in data . when many datasets are available , statistical features embedded in those persistence diagrams can be extracted by applying machine learnings . in particular , the ability for explicitly analyzing the inverse in the original data space from those statistical features of persistence diagrams is significantly important for ←
→ video ( language ) modeling : a baseline for generative models of natural videos ; we propose a strong baseline model for unsupervised feature learning using video data . by learning to predict missing frames or extrapolate future frames from an input video sequence , the model discovers both spatial and temporal correlations which are useful to represent complex deformations and motion patterns . the models we propose are largely borrowed from the language modeling literature , and adapted to the vision domain ←
→ new millennium ai and the convergence of history ; artificial intelligence ( ai ) has recently become a real formal science : the new millennium brought the first mathematically sound , asymptotically optimal , universal problem solvers , providing a new , rigorous foundation for the previously largely heuristic field of general ai and embedded agents . at the same time there has been rapid progress in practical methods for learning true sequence - processing programs , as opposed to traditional methods limited to sta ←
→ the communicative multiagent team decision problem : analyzing teamwork theories and models ; despite the significant progress in multiagent teamwork , existing research does not address the optimality of its prescriptions nor the complexity of the teamwork problem . without a characterization of the optimality - complexity tradeoffs , it is impossible to determine whether the assumptions and approximations made by a particular theory gain enough efficiency to justify the losses in overall performance . to provi ←
→ algorithms for closed under rational behavior ( curb ) sets ; we provide a series of algorithms demonstrating that solutions according to the fundamental game - theoretic solution concept of closed under rational behavior ( curb ) sets in two - player , normal - form games can be computed in polynomial time ( we also discuss extensions to n - player games ). first , we describe an algorithm that identifies all of a player ' s best responses conditioned on the belief that the other player will play from within a given subset ←
→ feature selection using fisher ' s ratio technique for automatic speech recognition ; automatic speech recognition involves mainly two steps ; feature extraction and classification . mel frequency cepstral coefficient is used as one of the prominent feature extraction techniques in asr . usually , the set of all 12 mfcc coefficients is used as the feature vector in the classification step . but the question is whether the same or improved classification accuracy can be achieved by using a subset of 12 mfcc as f ←
→ recurrent neural network regularization ; we present a simple regularization technique for recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) with long short - term memory ( lstm ) units . dropout , the most successful technique for regularizing neural networks , does not work well with rnns and lstms . in this paper , we show how to correctly apply dropout to lstms , and show that it substantially reduces overfitting on a variety of tasks . these tasks include language modeling , speech recognition , image caption generation , and machin ←
→ face identification from manipulated facial images using sift ; editing on digital images is ubiquitous . identification of deliberately modified facial images is a new challenge for face identification system . in this paper , we address the problem of identification of a face or person from heavily altered facial images . in this face identification problem , the input to the system is a manipulated or transformed face image and the system reports back the determined identity from a database of known individua ←
→ efficient rectangular maximal - volume algorithm for rating elicitation in collaborative filtering ; cold start problem in collaborative filtering can be solved by asking new users to rate a small seed set of representative items or by asking representative users to rate a new item . the question is how to build a seed set that can give enough preference information for making good recommendations . one of the most successful approaches , called representative based matrix factorization , is based on maxvol alg ←
→ specifying nonspecific evidence ; in an earlier article [ j . schubert , on nonspecific evidence , int . j . intell . syst . 8 ( 6 ), 711 - 725 ( 1993 )] we established within dempster - shafer theory a criterion function called the metaconflict function . with this criterion we can partition into subsets a set of several pieces of evidence with propositions that are weakly specified in the sense that it may be uncertain to which event a proposition is referring . each subset in the partitioning is representing a separate eve ←
→ structured attention networks ; attention networks have proven to be an effective approach for embedding categorical inference within a deep neural network . however , for many tasks we may want to model richer structural dependencies without abandoning end - to - end training . in this work , we experiment with incorporating richer structural distributions , encoded using graphical models , within deep networks . we show that these structured attention networks are simple extensions of the basic attention procedure , ←
→ on support relations and semantic scene graphs ; scene understanding is a popular and challenging topic in both computer vision and photogrammetry . scene graph provides rich information for such scene understanding . this paper presents a novel approach to infer such relations and then to construct the scene graph . support relations are estimated by considering important , previously ignored information : the physical stability and the prior support knowledge between object classes . in contrast to previous met ←
→ optimal kernel - based dynamic mode decomposition ; the state - of - the - art algorithm known as kernel - based dynamic mode decomposition ( k - dmd ) provides a sub - optimal solution to the problem of reduced modeling of a dynamical system based on a finite approximation of the koopman operator . it relies on crude approximations and on restrictive assumptions . the purpose of this work is to propose a kernel - based algorithm solving exactly this low - rank approximation problem in a general setting .←
→ fuzzy soft rough k - means clustering approach for gene expression data ; clustering is one of the widely used data mining techniques for medical diagnosis . clustering can be considered as the most important unsupervised learning technique . most of the clustering methods group data based on distance and few methods cluster data based on similarity . the clustering algorithms classify gene expression data into clusters and the functionally related genes are grouped together in an efficient manner . the groupings ←
→ conditional restricted boltzmann machines for cold start recommendations ; restricted boltzman machines ( rbms ) have been successfully used in recommender systems . however , as with most of other collaborative filtering techniques , it cannot solve cold start problems for there is no rating for a new item . in this paper , we first apply conditional rbm ( crbm ) which could take extra information into account and show that crbm could solve cold start problem very well , especially for rating prediction task . crbm n ←
→ nonlinear supervised dimensionality reduction via smooth regular embeddings ; the recovery of the intrinsic geometric structures of data collections is an important problem in data analysis . supervised extensions of several manifold learning approaches have been proposed in the recent years . meanwhile , existing methods primarily focus on the embedding of the training data , and the generalization of the embedding to initially unseen test data is rather ignored . in this work , we build on recent theoretical ←
→ maximum a posteriori estimation of distances between deep features in still - to - video face recognition ; the paper deals with the still - to - video face recognition for the small sample size problem based on computation of distances between high - dimensional deep bottleneck features . we present the novel statistical recognition method , in which the still - to - video recognition task is casted into maximum a posteriori estimation . in this method we maximize the joint probabilistic density of the distances to all r ←
→ fully scalable online - preprocessing algorithm for short oligonucleotide microarray atlases ; accumulation of standardized data collections is opening up novel opportunities for holistic characterization of genome function . the limited scalability of current preprocessing techniques has , however , formed a bottleneck for full utilization of contemporary microarray collections . while short oligonucleotide arrays constitute a major source of genome - wide profiling data , scalable probe - level preprocessing algor ←
→ lium - cvc submissions for wmt17 multimodal translation task ; this paper describes the monomodal and multimodal neural machine translation systems developed by lium and cvc for wmt17 shared task on multimodal translation . we mainly explored two multimodal architectures where either global visual features or convolutional feature maps are integrated in order to benefit from visual context . our final systems ranked first for both en - de and en - fr language pairs according to the automatic evaluation metrics mete ←
→ layered adaptive importance sampling ; monte carlo methods represent the " de facto " standard for approximating complicated integrals involving multidimensional target distributions . in order to generate random realizations from the target distribution , monte carlo techniques use simpler proposal probability densities to draw candidate samples . the performance of any such method is strictly related to the specification of the proposal distribution , such that unfortunate choices easily wreak havoc on the resu ←
→ a critical view of global optimality in deep learning ; we investigate the loss surface of deep linear and nonlinear neural networks . we show that for deep linear networks with differentiable losses , critical points after the multilinear parameterization inherit the structure of critical points of the underlying loss with linear parameterization . as corollaries we obtain " local minima are global " results that subsume most previous results , while showing how to distinguish global minima from saddle points . f ←
→ linear - time sequence classification using restricted boltzmann machines ; classification of sequence data is the topic of interest for dynamic bayesian models and recurrent neural networks ( rnns ). while the former can explicitly model the temporal dependencies between class variables , the latter have a capability of learning representations . several attempts have been made to improve performance by combining these two approaches or increasing the processing capability of the hidden units in rnns . this often ←
→ one - shot imitation learning ; imitation learning has been commonly applied to solve different tasks in isolation . this usually requires either careful feature engineering , or a significant number of samples . this is far from what we desire : ideally , robots should be able to learn from very few demonstrations of any given task , and instantly generalize to new situations of the same task , without requiring task - specific engineering . in this paper , we propose a meta - learning framework for achieving such capabi ←
→ detect what you can : detecting and representing objects using holistic models and body parts ; detecting objects becomes difficult when we need to deal with large shape deformation , occlusion and low resolution . we propose a novel approach to i ) handle large deformations and partial occlusions in animals ( as examples of highly deformable objects ), ii ) describe them in terms of body parts , and iii ) detect them when their body parts are hard to detect ( e . g ., animals depicted at low resolution ). we represent ←
→ learning when to skim and when to read ; many recent advances in deep learning for natural language processing have come at increasing computational cost , but the power of these state - of - the - art models is not needed for every example in a dataset . we demonstrate two approaches to reducing unnecessary computation in cases where a fast but weak baseline classier and a stronger , slower model are both available . applying an auc - based metric to the task of sentiment classification , we find significant efficiency ←
→ a multi - modal graph - based semi - supervised pipeline for predicting cancer survival ; cancer survival prediction is an active area of research that can help prevent unnecessary therapies and improve patient ' s quality of life . gene expression profiling is being widely used in cancer studies to discover informative biomarkers that aid predict different clinical endpoint prediction . we use multiple modalities of data derived from rna deep - sequencing ( rna - seq ) to predict survival of cancer patients . despite the ←
→ multi - device , multi - tenant model selection with gp - ei ; bayesian optimization is the core technique behind the emergence of automl , which holds the promise of automatically searching for models and hyperparameters to make machine learning techniques more accessible . as such services are moving towards the cloud , we ask -- {\ em when multiple automl users share the same computational infrastructure , how should we allocate resources to maximize the " global happiness " of all users ?} we focus on gp - ei , one of ←
→ high throughput virtual screening with data level parallelism in multi - core processors ; improving the throughput of molecular docking , a computationally intensive phase of the virtual screening process , is a highly sought area of research since it has a significant weight in the drug designing process . with such improvements , the world might find cures for incurable diseases like hiv disease and cancer sooner . our approach presented in this paper is to utilize a multi - core environment to introduce data l ←
→ learning similarity for character recognition and 3d object recognition ; i describe an approach to similarity motivated by bayesian methods . this yields a similarity function that is learnable using a standard bayesian methods . the relationship of the approach to variable kernel and variable metric methods is discussed . the approach is related to variable kernel experimental results on character recognition and 3d object recognition are presented ..←
→ a very low resource language speech corpus for computational language documentation experiments ; most speech and language technologies are trained with massive amounts of speech and text information . however , most of the world languages do not have such resources or stable orthography . systems constructed under these almost zero resource conditions are not only promising for speech technology but also for computational language documentation . the goal of computational language documentation is to help fi ←
→ multi - glimpse lstm with color - depth feature fusion for human detection ; with the development of depth cameras such as kinect and intel realsense , rgb - d based human detection receives continuous research attention due to its usage in a variety of applications . in this paper , we propose a new multi - glimpse lstm ( mg - lstm ) network , in which multi - scale contextual information is sequentially integrated to promote the human detection performance . furthermore , we propose a feature fusion strategy based on our mg -←
→ meta networks for neural style transfer ; in this paper we propose a new method to get the specified network parameters through one time feed - forward propagation of the meta networks and explore the application to neural style transfer . recent works on style transfer typically need to train image transformation networks for every new style , and the style is encoded in the network parameters by enormous iterations of stochastic gradient descent . to tackle these issues , we build a meta network which takes in ←
→ an encoder - decoder model for icd - 10 coding of death certificates ; information extraction from textual documents such as hospital records and healthrelated user discussions has become a topic of intense interest . the task of medical concept coding is to map a variable length text to medical concepts and corresponding classification codes in some external system or ontology . in this work , we utilize recurrent neural networks to automatically assign icd - 10 codes to fragments of death certificates written in e ←
→ the randomized causation coefficient ; we are interested in learning causal relationships between pairs of random variables , purely from observational data . to effectively address this task , the state - of - the - art relies on strong assumptions regarding the mechanisms mapping causes to effects , such as invertibility or the existence of additive noise , which only hold in limited situations . on the contrary , this short paper proposes to learn how to perform causal inference directly from data , and without the ne ←
→ socratic learning : augmenting generative models to incorporate latent subsets in training data ; a challenge in training discriminative models like neural networks is obtaining enough labeled training data . recent approaches use generative models to combine weak supervision sources , like user - defined heuristics or knowledge bases , to label training data . prior work has explored learning accuracies for these sources even without ground truth labels , but they assume that a single accuracy parameter is suffi ←
→ extending the adverbial coverage of a nlp oriented resource for french ; this paper presents a work on extending the adverbial entries of lglex : a nlp oriented syntactic resource for french . adverbs were extracted from the lexicon - grammar tables of both simple adverbs ending in - ment '- ly ' ( molinier and levrier , 2000 ) and compound adverbs ( gross , 1986 ; 1990 ). this work relies on the exploitation of fine - grained linguistic information provided in existing resources . various features are encoded in both lg ta ←
→ detecting anomalous faces with ' no peeking ' autoencoders ; detecting anomalous faces has important applications . for example , a system might tell when a train driver is incapacitated by a medical event , and assist in adopting a safe recovery strategy . these applications are demanding , because they require accurate detection of rare anomalies that may be seen only at runtime . such a setting causes supervised methods to perform poorly . we describe a method for detecting an anomalous face image that meets thes ←
→ the probabilistic analysis of language acquisition : theoretical , computational , and experimental analysis ; there is much debate over the degree to which language learning is governed by innate language - specific biases , or acquired through cognition - general principles . here we examine the probabilistic language acquisition hypothesis on three levels : we outline a novel theoretical result showing that it is possible to learn the exact generative model underlying a wide class of languages , purely from obser ←
→ predictability of pv power grid performance on insular sites without weather stations : use of artificial neural networks ; the official meteorological network is poor on the island of corsica : only three sites being about 50 km apart are equipped with pyranometers which enable measurements by hourly and daily step . these sites are ajaccio ( 41 \ degree 55 ' n and 8 \ degree 48 ' e , seaside ), bastia ( 42 \ degree 33 ' n , 9 \ degree 29 ' e , seaside ) and corte ( 42 \ degree 30 ' n , 9 \ degree 15 ' e average altitude of 486 meters ). th ←
→ machine assisted analysis of vowel length contrasts in wolof ; growing digital archives and improving algorithms for automatic analysis of text and speech create new research opportunities for fundamental research in phonetics . such empirical approaches allow statistical evaluation of a much larger set of hypothesis about phonetic variation and its conditioning factors ( among them geographical / dialectal variants ). this paper illustrates this vision and proposes to challenge automatic methods for the analy ←
→ neural multi - task learning in automated assessment ; grammatical error detection and automated essay scoring are two tasks in the area of automated assessment . traditionally these tasks have been treated independently with different machine learning models and features used for each task . in this paper , we develop a multi - task neural network model that jointly optimises for both tasks , and in particular we show that neural automated essay scoring can be significantly improved . we show that while the essay s ←
→ convex sparse matrix factorizations ; we present a convex formulation of dictionary learning for sparse signal decomposition . convexity is obtained by replacing the usual explicit upper bound on the dictionary size by a convex rank - reducing term similar to the trace norm . in particular , our formulation introduces an explicit trade - off between size and sparsity of the decomposition of rectangular matrices . using a large set of synthetic examples , we compare the estimation abilities of the convex and non - conv ←
→ organizing multimedia data in video surveillance systems based on face verification with convolutional neural networks ; in this paper we propose the two - stage approach of organizing information in video surveillance systems . at first , the faces are detected in each frame and a video stream is split into sequences of frames with face region of one person . secondly , these sequences ( tracks ) that contain identical faces are grouped using face verification algorithms and hierarchical agglomerative clustering ←
→ new inference strategies for solving markov decision processes using reversible jump mcmc ; in this paper we build on previous work which uses inferences techniques , in particular markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) methods , to solve parameterized control problems . we propose a number of modifications in order to make this approach more practical in general , higher - dimensional spaces . we first introduce a new target distribution which is able to incorporate more reward information from sampled trajectories . w ←
→ knowledge representation ; this work analyses main features that should be present in knowledge representation . it suggests a model for representation and a way to implement this model in software . representation takes care of both low - level sensor information and high - level concepts .←
→ template - cut : a pattern - based segmentation paradigm ; we present a scale - invariant , template - based segmentation paradigm that sets up a graph and performs a graph cut to separate an object from the background . typically graph - based schemes distribute the nodes of the graph uniformly and equidistantly on the image , and use a regularizer to bias the cut towards a particular shape . the strategy of uniform and equidistant nodes does not allow the cut to prefer more complex structures , especially when areas of t ←
→ recurrent neural network encoder with attention for community question answering ; we apply a general recurrent neural network ( rnn ) encoder framework to community question answering ( cqa ) tasks . our approach does not rely on any linguistic processing , and can be applied to different languages or domains . further improvements are observed when we extend the rnn encoders with a neural attention mechanism that encourages reasoning over entire sequences . to deal with practical issues such as data sparsity an ←
→ automatic and manual segmentation of hippocampus in epileptic patients mri ; the hippocampus is a seminal structure in the most common surgically - treated form of epilepsy . accurate segmentation of the hippocampus aids in establishing asymmetry regarding size and signal characteristics in order to disclose the likely site of epileptogenicity . with sufficient refinement , it may ultimately aid in the avoidance of invasive monitoring with its expense and risk for the patient . to this end , a reliable and consi ←
→ w2vlda : almost unsupervised system for aspect based sentiment analysis ; with the increase of online customer opinions in specialised websites and social networks , the necessity of automatic systems to help to organise and classify customer reviews by domain - specific aspect / categories and sentiment polarity is more important than ever . supervised approaches to aspect based sentiment analysis obtain good results for the domain / language their are trained on , but having manually labelled data for training supe ←
→ leveraging term banks for answering complex questions : a case for sparse vectors ; while open - domain question answering ( qa ) systems have proven effective for answering simple questions , they struggle with more complex questions . our goal is to answer more complex questions reliably , without incurring a significant cost in knowledge resource construction to support the qa . one readily available knowledge resource is a term bank , enumerating the key concepts in a domain . we have developed an unsupervised l ←
→ complex - valued gaussian process regression for time series analysis ; the construction of synthetic complex - valued signals from real - valued observations is an important step in many time series analysis techniques . the most widely used approach is based on the hilbert transform , which maps the real - valued signal into its quadrature component . in this paper , we define a probabilistic generalization of this approach . we model the observable real - valued signal as the real part of a latent complex - valued gaussi ←
→ structured set matching networks for one - shot part labeling ; diagrams often depict complex phenomena and serve as a good test bed for visual and textual reasoning . however , understanding diagrams using natural image understanding approaches requires large training datasets of diagrams , which are very hard to obtain . instead , this can be addressed as a matching problem either between labeled diagrams , images or both . this problem is very challenging since the absence of significant color and texture renders ←
→ adaptivity and computation - statistics tradeoffs for kernel and distance based high dimensional two sample testing ; nonparametric two sample testing is a decision theoretic problem that involves identifying differences between two random variables without making parametric assumptions about their underlying distributions . we refer to the most common settings as mean difference alternatives ( mda ), for testing differences only in first moments , and general difference alternatives ( gda ), which is about testi ←
→ feature squeezing : detecting adversarial examples in deep neural networks ; although deep neural networks ( dnns ) have achieved great success in many tasks , they can often be fooled by \ emph { adversarial examples } that are generated by adding small but purposeful distortions to natural examples . previous studies to defend against adversarial examples mostly focused on refining the dnn models , but have either shown limited success or required expensive computation . we propose a new strategy , \ emph { feature sq ←
→ denotation extraction for interactive learning in dialogue systems ; this paper presents a novel task using real user data obtained in human - machine conversation . the task concerns with denotation extraction from answer hints collected interactively in a dialogue . the task is motivated by the need for large amounts of training data for question answering dialogue system development , where the data is often expensive and hard to collect . being able to collect denotation interactively and directly from users ,←
→ application of backpropagation neural networks to both stages of fingerprinting based wips ; we propose a scheme to employ backpropagation neural networks ( bpnns ) for both stages of fingerprinting - based indoor positioning using wlan / wifi signal strengths ( fwips ): radio map construction during the offline stage , and localization during the online stage . given a training radio map ( trm ), i . e ., a set of coordinate vectors and associated wlan / wifi signal strengths of the available access points , a bpnn can be ←
→ improvement of automatic hemorrhages detection methods using shapes recognition ; diabetic retinopathy is a medical condition where the retina is damaged because fluid leaks from blood vessels into the retina . the presence of hemorrhages in the retina is the earliest symptom of diabetic retinopathy . the number and shape of hemorrhages is used to indicate the severity of the disease . early automated hemorrhage detection can help reduce the incidence of blindness . this paper introduced new method depending ←
→ ligand pose optimization with atomic grid - based convolutional neural networks ; docking is an important tool in computational drug discovery that aims to predict the binding pose of a ligand to a target protein through a combination of pose scoring and optimization . a scoring function that is differentiable with respect to atom positions can be used for both scoring and gradient - based optimization of poses for docking . using a differentiable grid - based atomic representation as input , we demonstrate that a ←
→ fast parallel svm using data augmentation ; as one of the most popular classifiers , linear svms still have challenges in dealing with very large - scale problems , even though linear or sub - linear algorithms have been developed recently on single machines . parallel computing methods have been developed for learning large - scale svms . however , existing methods rely on solving local sub - optimization problems . in this paper , we develop a novel parallel algorithm for learning large - scale linear svm . our approach is ←
→ deep learning as a mixed convex - combinatorial optimization problem ; as neural networks grow deeper and wider , learning networks with hard - threshold activations is becoming increasingly important , both for network quantization , which can drastically reduce time and energy requirements , and for creating large integrated systems of deep networks , which may have non - differentiable components and must avoid vanishing and exploding gradients for effective learning . however , since gradient descent is not applicab ←
→ look into person : self - supervised structure - sensitive learning and a new benchmark for human parsing ; human parsing has recently attracted a lot of research interests due to its huge application potentials . however existing datasets have limited number of images and annotations , and lack the variety of human appearances and the coverage of challenging cases in unconstrained environment . in this paper , we introduce a new benchmark " look into person ( lip )" that makes a significant advance in terms of scala ←
→ optimization in smt with la ( q ) cost functions ; in the contexts of automated reasoning and formal verification , important decision problems are effectively encoded into satisfiability modulo theories ( smt ). in the last decade efficient smt solvers have been developed for several theories of practical interest ( e . g ., linear arithmetic , arrays , bit - vectors ). surprisingly , very few work has been done to extend smt to deal with optimization problems ; in particular , we are not aware of any work on smt solvers ab ←
→ a web - based tool for identifying strategic intervention points in complex systems ; steering a complex system towards a desired outcome is a challenging task . the lack of clarity on the system ' s exact architecture and the often scarce scientific data upon which to base the operationalisation of the dynamic rules that underpin the interactions between participant entities are two contributing factors . we describe an analytical approach that builds on fuzzy cognitive mapping ( fcm ) to address the latter and ←
→ proceedings of the second summer school on argumentation : computational and linguistic perspectives ( ssa ' 16 ) ; this volume contains the thesis abstracts presented at the second summer school on argumentation : computational and linguistic perspectives ( ssa ' 2016 ) held on september 8 - 12 in potsdam , germany .←
→ deep sketch hashing : fast free - hand sketch - based image retrieval ; free - hand sketch - based image retrieval ( sbir ) is a specific cross - view retrieval task , in which queries are abstract and ambiguous sketches while the retrieval database is formed with natural images . work in this area mainly focuses on extracting representative and shared features for sketches and natural images . however , these can neither cope well with the geometric distortion between sketches and images nor be feasible for large - scale sbi ←
→ generating explanations for biomedical queries ; we introduce novel mathematical models and algorithms to generate ( shortest or k different ) explanations for biomedical queries , using answer set programming . we implement these algorithms and integrate them in bioquery - asp . we illustrate the usefulness of these methods with some complex biomedical queries related to drug discovery , over the biomedical knowledge resources pharmgkb , drugbank , biogrid , ctd , sider , disease ontology and orphadata . to appear in th ←
→ learning to point and count ; this paper proposes the problem of point - and - count as a test case to break the what - and - where deadlock . different from the traditional detection problem , the goal is to discover key salient points as a way to localize and count the number of objects simultaneously . we propose two alternatives , one that counts first and then point , and another that works the other way around . fundamentally , they pivot around whether we solve " what " or " where " first . we evaluate their performance ←
→ human attention in visual question answering : do humans and deep networks look at the same regions ? ; we conduct large - scale studies on ` human attention ' in visual question answering ( vqa ) to understand where humans choose to look to answer questions about images . we design and test multiple game - inspired novel attention - annotation interfaces that require the subject to sharpen regions of a blurred image to answer a question . thus , we introduce the vqa - hat ( human attention ) dataset . we evaluate attention ←
→ a randomized approximation algorithm of logic sampling ; in recent years , researchers in decision analysis and artificial intelligence ( ai ) have used bayesian belief networks to build models of expert opinion . using standard methods drawn from the theory of computational complexity , workers in the field have shown that the problem of exact probabilistic inference on belief networks almost certainly requires exponential computation in the worst ease [ 3 ]. we have previously described a randomized approximatio ←
→ sex as gibbs sampling : a probability model of evolution ; we show that evolutionary computation can be implemented as standard markov - chain monte - carlo ( mcmc ) sampling . with some care , ` genetic algorithms ' can be constructed that are reversible markov chains that satisfy detailed balance ; it follows that the stationary distribution of populations is a gibbs distribution in a simple factorised form . for some standard and popular nonparametric probability models , we exhibit gibbs - sampling procedures that are ←
→ linearity properties of bayes nets with binary variables ; it is " well known " that in linear models : ( 1 ) testable constraints on the marginal distribution of observed variables distinguish certain cases in which an unobserved cause jointly influences several observed variables ; ( 2 ) the technique of " instrumental variables " sometimes permits an estimation of the influence of one variable on another even when the association between the variables may be confounded by unobserved common causes ; ( 3 ) the associat ←
→ robust variational inference ; variational inference is a powerful tool for approximate inference . however , it mainly focuses on the evidence lower bound as variational objective and the development of other measures for variational inference is a promising area of research . this paper proposes a robust modification of evidence and a lower bound for the evidence , which is applicable when the majority of the training set samples are random noise objects . we provide experiments for variational autoencoders to ←
→ discrete elastic inner vector spaces with application in time series and sequence mining ; this paper proposes a framework dedicated to the construction of what we call discrete elastic inner product allowing one to embed sets of non - uniformly sampled multivariate time series or sequences of varying lengths into inner product space structures . this framework is based on a recursive definition that covers the case of multiple embedded time elastic dimensions . we prove that such inner products exist in our ←
→ dialog - based language learning ; a long - term goal of machine learning research is to build an intelligent dialog agent . most research in natural language understanding has focused on learning from fixed training sets of labeled data , with supervision either at the word level ( tagging , parsing tasks ) or sentence level ( question answering , machine translation ). this kind of supervision is not realistic of how humans learn , where language is both learned by , and used for , communication . in this work , we study ←
→ effective spoken language labeling with deep recurrent neural networks ; understanding spoken language is a highly complex problem , which can be decomposed into several simpler tasks . in this paper , we focus on spoken language understanding ( slu ), the module of spoken dialog systems responsible for extracting a semantic interpretation from the user utterance . the task is treated as a labeling problem . in the past , slu has been performed with a wide variety of probabilistic models . the rise of neural network ←
→ deep end2end voxel2voxel prediction ; over the last few years deep learning methods have emerged as one of the most prominent approaches for video analysis . however , so far their most successful applications have been in the area of video classification and detection , i . e ., problems involving the prediction of a single class label or a handful of output variables per video . furthermore , while deep networks are commonly recognized as the best models to use in these domains , there is a widespread perception t ←
→ learning deep representations for scene labeling with semantic context guided supervision ; scene labeling is a challenging classification problem where each input image requires a pixel - level prediction map . recently , deep - learning - based methods have shown their effectiveness on solving this problem . however , we argue that the large intra - class variation provides ambiguous training information and hinders the deep models ' ability to learn more discriminative deep feature representations . unlike existing ←
→ fast low - rank bayesian matrix completion with hierarchical gaussian prior models ; the problem of low rank matrix completion is considered in this paper . to exploit the underlying low - rank structure of the data matrix , we propose a hierarchical gaussian prior model , where columns of the low - rank matrix are assumed to follow a gaussian distribution with zero mean and a common precision matrix , and a wishart distribution is specified as a hyperprior over the precision matrix . we show that such a hierarchica ←
→ decentralized learning for wireless communications and networking ; this chapter deals with decentralized learning algorithms for in - network processing of graph - valued data . a generic learning problem is formulated and recast into a separable form , which is iteratively minimized using the alternating - direction method of multipliers ( admm ) so as to gain the desired degree of parallelization . without exchanging elements from the distributed training sets and keeping inter - node communications at affordable lev ←
→ interpreting classifiers through attribute interactions in datasets ; in this work we present the novel astrid method for investigating which attribute interactions classifiers exploit when making predictions . attribute interactions in classification tasks mean that two or more attributes together provide stronger evidence for a particular class label . knowledge of such interactions makes models more interpretable by revealing associations between attributes . this has applications , e . g ., in pharmacovigilanc ←
→ an extremal optimization approach to parallel resonance constrained capacitor placement problem ; installation of capacitors in distribution networks is one of the most used procedure to compensate reactive power generated by loads and , consequently , to reduce technical losses . so , the problem consists in identifying the optimal placement and sizing of capacitors . this problem is known in the literature as optimal capacitor placement problem . neverthless , depending on the location and size of the capacito ←
→ depression scale recognition from audio , visual and text analysis ; depression is a major mental health disorder that is rapidly affecting lives worldwide . depression not only impacts emotional but also physical and psychological state of the person . its symptoms include lack of interest in daily activities , feeling low , anxiety , frustration , loss of weight and even feeling of self - hatred . this report describes work done by us for audio visual emotion challenge ( avec ) 2017 during our second year btech summe ←
→ an intelligent system to detect , avoid and maintain potholes : a graph theoretic approach ; in this paper , we propose a conceptual framework where a centralized system , classifies the road based upon the level of damage . the centralized system also identifies the traffic intensity thereby prioritizing the roads that need quick action to be taken upon . moreover , the system helps the driver to detect the level of damage to the road stretch and route the vehicle from an alternative path to its destination . th ←
→ building usage profiles using deep neural nets ; to improve software quality , one needs to build test scenarios resembling the usage of a software product in the field . this task is rendered challenging when a product ' s customer base is large and diverse . in this scenario , existing profiling approaches , such as operational profiling , are difficult to apply . in this work , we consider publicly available video tutorials of a product to profile usage . our goal is to construct an automatic approach to extract in ←
→ spatially - adaptive filter units for deep neural networks ; classical deep convolutional networks increase receptive field size by either gradual resolution reduction or application of hand - crafted dilated convolutions to prevent increase in the number of parameters . in this paper we propose a novel displaced aggregation unit ( dau ) that does not require hand - crafting . in contrast to classical filters with units ( pixels ) placed on a fixed regular grid , the displacement of the daus are learned , which enables f ←
→ tagging scientific publications using wikipedia and natural language processing tools . comparison on the arxiv dataset ; in this work , we compare two simple methods of tagging scientific publications with labels reflecting their content . as a first source of labels wikipedia is employed , second label set is constructed from the noun phrases occurring in the analyzed corpus . we examine the statistical properties and the effectiveness of both approaches on the dataset consisting of abstracts from 0 . 7 millio ←
→ a revisit of infinite population models for evolutionary algorithms on continuous optimization problems ; infinite population models are important tools for studying population dynamics of evolutionary algorithms . they describe how the distributions of populations change between consecutive generations . in general , infinite population models are derived from markov chains by exploiting symmetries between individuals in the population and analyzing the limit as the population size goes to infinity . in this ←
→ a framework for real - time face and facial feature tracking using optical flow pre - estimation and template tracking ; this work presents a framework for tracking head movements and capturing the movements of the mouth and both the eyebrows in real - time . we present a head tracker which is a combination of a optical flow and a template based tracker . the estimation of the optical flow head tracker is used as starting point for the template tracker which fine - tunes the head estimation . this approach together ←
→ welldefined decision scenarios ; influence diagrams serve as a powerful tool for modelling symmetric decision problems . when solving an influence diagram we determine a set of strategies for the decisions involved . a strategy for a decision variable is in principle a function over its past . however , some of the past may be irrelevant for the decision , and for computational reasons it is important not to deal with redundant variables in the strategies . we show that current methods ( e . g . the " decision bayes - b ←
→ from constraints to resolution rules , part i : conceptual framework ; many real world problems naturally appear as constraints satisfaction problems ( csp ), for which very efficient algorithms are known . most of these involve the combination of two techniques : some direct propagation of constraints between variables ( with the goal of reducing their sets of possible values ) and some kind of structured search ( depth - first , breadth - first ,...). but when such blind search is not possible or not allowed or when one ←
→ skin lesion classification using class activation map ; we proposed a two stage framework with only one network to analyze skin lesion images , we firstly trained a convolutional network to classify these images , and cropped the import regions which the network has the maximum activation value . in the second stage , we retrained this cnn with the image regions extracted from stage one and output the final probabilities . the two stage framework achieved a mean auc of 0 . 857 in isic - 2017 skin lesion validation s ←
→ group - level emotion recognition using transfer learning from face identification ; in this paper , we describe our algorithmic approach , which was used for submissions in the fifth emotion recognition in the wild ( emotiw 2017 ) group - level emotion recognition sub - challenge . we extracted feature vectors of detected faces using the convolutional neural network trained for face identification task , rather than traditional pre - training on emotion recognition problems . in the final pipeline an ensemble of random ←
→ nested kriging predictions for datasets with large number of observations ; this work falls within the context of predicting the value of a real function at some input locations given a limited number of observations of this function . the kriging interpolation technique ( or gaussian process regression ) is often considered to tackle such a problem but the method suffers from its computational burden when the number of observation points is large . we introduce in this article nested kriging predictors which ←
→ a theory of goal - oriented mdps with dead ends ; stochastic shortest path ( ssp ) mdps is a problem class widely studied in ai , especially in probabilistic planning . they describe a wide range of scenarios but make the restrictive assumption that the goal is reachable from any state , i . e ., that dead - end states do not exist . because of this , ssps are unable to model various scenarios that may have catastrophic events ( e . g ., an airplane possibly crashing if it flies into a storm ). even though mdp algorithms have ←
→ the role of word length in semantic topology ; a topological argument is presented concering the structure of semantic space , based on the negative correlation between polysemy and word length . the resulting graph structure is applied to the modeling of free - recall experiments , resulting in predictions on the comparative values of recall probabilities . associative recall is found to favor longer words whereas sequential recall is found to favor shorter words . data from the peers experiments of lohnas et al .←
→ spike timing precision and neural error correction : local behavior ; the effects of spike timing precision and dynamical behavior on error correction in spiking neurons were investigated . stationary discharges -- phase locked , quasiperiodic , or chaotic -- were induced in a simulated neuron by presenting pacemaker presynaptic spike trains across a model of a prototypical inhibitory synapse . reduced timing precision was modeled by jittering presynaptic spike times . aftereffects of errors -- in this communicat ←
→ modeling relation paths for representation learning of knowledge bases ; representation learning of knowledge bases ( kbs ) aims to embed both entities and relations into a low - dimensional space . most existing methods only consider direct relations in representation learning . we argue that multiple - step relation paths also contain rich inference patterns between entities , and propose a path - based representation learning model . this model considers relation paths as translations between entities for representa ←
→ research project : text engineering tool for ontological scientometry ; the number of scientific papers grows exponentially in many disciplines . the share of online available papers grows as well . at the same time , the period of time for a paper to loose at chance to be cited anymore shortens . the decay of the citing rate shows similarity to ultradiffusional processes as for other online contents in social networks . the distribution of papers per author shows similarity to the distribution of posts per user ←
→ learning bag - of - features pooling for deep convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are well established models capable of achieving state - of - the - art classification accuracy for various computer vision tasks . however , they are becoming increasingly larger , using millions of parameters , while they are restricted to handling images of fixed size . in this paper , a quantization - based approach , inspired from the well - known bag - of - features model , is proposed to overcome these limitation ←
→ recognizing material properties from images ; humans rely on properties of the materials that make up objects to guide our interactions with them . grasping smooth materials , for example , requires care , and softness is an ideal property for fabric used in bedding . even when these properties are not visual ( e . g . softness is a physical property ), we may still infer their presence visually . we refer to such material properties as visual material attributes . recognizing these attributes in images can contribute ←
→ a clustering approach to heterogeneous change detection ; change detection in heterogeneous multitemporal satellite images is a challenging and still not much studied topic in remote sensing and earth observation . this paper focuses on comparison of image pairs covering the same geographical area and acquired by two different sensors , one optical radiometer and one synthetic aperture radar , at two different times . we propose a clustering - based technique to detect changes , identified as clusters that split o ←
→ use of markov chains to design an agent bidding strategy for continuous double auctions ; as computational agents are developed for increasingly complicated e - commerce applications , the complexity of the decisions they face demands advances in artificial intelligence techniques . for example , an agent representing a seller in an auction should try to maximize the seller ' s profit by reasoning about a variety of possibly uncertain pieces of information , such as the maximum prices various buyers might be will ←
→ automating carotid intima - media thickness video interpretation with convolutional neural networks ; cardiovascular disease ( cvd ) is the leading cause of mortality yet largely preventable , but the key to prevention is to identify at - risk individuals before adverse events . for predicting individual cvd risk , carotid intima - media thickness ( cimt ), a noninvasive ultrasound method , has proven to be valuable , offering several advantages over ct coronary artery calcium score . however , each cimt examination inclu ←
→ active transfer learning with zero - shot priors : reusing past datasets for future tasks ; how can we reuse existing knowledge , in the form of available datasets , when solving a new and apparently unrelated target task from a set of unlabeled data ? in this work we make a first contribution to answer this question in the context of image classification . we frame this quest as an active learning problem and use zero - shot classifiers to guide the learning process by linking the new task to the existing classif ←
→ optimal estimates for short horizon travel time prediction in urban areas ; increasing popularity of mobile route planning applications based on gps technology provides opportunities for collecting traffic data in urban environments . one of the main challenges for travel time estimation and prediction in such a setting is how to aggregate data from vehicles that have followed different routes , and predict travel time for other routes of interest . one approach is to predict travel times for route segments ,←
→ boolvar / pb v1 . 0 , a java library for translating pseudo - boolean constraints into cnf formulae ; boolvar / pb is an open source java library dedicated to the translation of pseudo - boolean constraints into cnf formulae . input constraints can be categorized with tags . several encoding schemes are implemented in a way that each input constraint can be translated using one or several encoders , according to the related tags . the library can be easily extended by adding new encoders and / or new output formats .←
→ conceptual spaces for cognitive architectures : a lingua franca for different levels of representation ; during the last decades , many cognitive architectures ( cas ) have been realized adopting different assumptions about the organization and the representation of their knowledge level . some of them ( e . g . soar [ laird ( 2012 )]) adopt a classical symbolic approach , some ( e . g . leabra [ o ' reilly and munakata ( 2000 )]) are based on a purely connectionist model , while others ( e . g . clarion [ sun ( 2006 )] adopt a hybrid ←
→ mining heterogeneous multivariate time - series for learning meaningful patterns : application to home health telecare ; for the last years , time - series mining has become a challenging issue for researchers . an important application lies in most monitoring purposes , which require analyzing large sets of time - series for learning usual patterns . any deviation from this learned profile is then considered as an unexpected situation . moreover , complex applications may involve the temporal study of several heterog ←
→ one - class adversarial nets for fraud detection ; many online applications , such as online social networks or knowledge bases , are often attacked by malicious users who commit different types of actions such as vandalism on wikipedia or fraudulent reviews on ebay . currently , most of the fraud detection approaches require a training dataset that contains records of both benign and malicious users . however , in practice , there are often no or very few records of malicious users . in this paper , we develop one - cl ←
→ aide : an algorithm for measuring the accuracy of probabilistic inference algorithms ; approximate probabilistic inference algorithms are central to many fields . examples include sequential monte carlo inference in robotics , variational inference in machine learning , and markov chain monte carlo inference in statistics . a key problem faced by practitioners is measuring the accuracy of an approximate inference algorithm on a specific data set . this paper introduces the auxiliary inference divergence estimat ←
→ scalable influence estimation in continuous - time diffusion networks ; if a piece of information is released from a media site , can it spread , in 1 month , to a million web pages ? this influence estimation problem is very challenging since both the time - sensitive nature of the problem and the issue of scalability need to be addressed simultaneously . in this paper , we propose a randomized algorithm for influence estimation in continuous - time diffusion networks . our algorithm can estimate the influence of every ←
→ deductive nonmonotonic inference operations : antitonic representations ; we provide a characterization of those nonmonotonic inference operations c for which c ( x ) may be described as the set of all logical consequences of x together with some set of additional assumptions s ( x ) that depends anti - monotonically on x ( i . e ., x is a subset of y implies that s ( y ) is a subset of s ( x )). the operations represented are exactly characterized in terms of properties most of which have been studied in freund - lehmann ( cs . ai ←
→ denoising criterion for variational auto - encoding framework ; denoising autoencoders ( dae ) are trained to reconstruct their clean inputs with noise injected at the input level , while variational autoencoders ( vae ) are trained with noise injected in their stochastic hidden layer , with a regularizer that encourages this noise injection . in this paper , we show that injecting noise both in input and in the stochastic hidden layer can be advantageous and we propose a modified variational lower bound as an improv ←
→ feedback - prop : convolutional neural network inference under partial evidence ; in this paper , we propose an inference procedure for deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) where partial evidence might be available during inference . we introduce a general feedback - based propagation approach ( feedback - prop ) that allows us to boost the prediction accuracy of an existing cnn model for an arbitrary set of unknown image labels when a non - overlapping arbitrary set of labels is known . we show that existing mode ←
→ the role of information complexity and randomization in representation learning ; a grand challenge in representation learning is to learn the different explanatory factors of variation behind the high dimen - sional data . encoder models are often determined to optimize performance on training data when the real objective is to generalize well to unseen data . although there is enough numerical evidence suggesting that noise injection ( during training ) at the representation level might improve the generaliz ←
→ collective stability of networks of winner - take - all circuits ; the neocortex has a remarkably uniform neuronal organization , suggesting that common principles of processing are employed throughout its extent . in particular , the patterns of connectivity observed in the superficial layers of the visual cortex are consistent with the recurrent excitation and inhibitory feedback required for cooperative - competitive circuits such as the soft winner - take - all ( wta ). wta circuits offer interesting computational pro ←
→ modeling the stable operating envelope for partially stable combustion engines using class imbalance learning ; advanced combustion technologies such as homogeneous charge compression ignition ( hcci ) engines have a narrow stable operating region defined by complex control strategies such as exhaust gas recirculation ( egr ) and variable valve timing among others . for such systems , it is important to identify the operating envelope or the boundary of stable operation for diagnostics and control purposes . obt ←
→" conditional inter - causally independent " node distributions , a property of " noisy - or " models ; this paper examines the interdependence generated between two parent nodes with a common instantiated child node , such as two hypotheses sharing common evidence . the relation so generated has been termed " intercausal ." it is shown by construction that inter - causal independence is possible for binary distributions at one state of evidence . for such " cici " distributions , the two measures of inter - causal effect , " m ←
→ classification of flames in computer mediated communications ; computer mediated communication ( cmc ) has brought about a revolution in the way the world communicates with each other . with the increasing number of people , interacting through the internet and the rise of new platforms and technologies has brought together the people from different social , cultural and geographical backgrounds to present their thoughts , ideas and opinions on topics of their interest . cmc has , in some cases , gave users more fre ←
→ end - to - end optimization of goal - driven and visually grounded dialogue systems ; end - to - end design of dialogue systems has recently become a popular research topic thanks to powerful tools such as encoder - decoder architectures for sequence - to - sequence learning . yet , most current approaches cast human - machine dialogue management as a supervised learning problem , aiming at predicting the next utterance of a participant given the full history of the dialogue . this vision is too simplistic to render the intrin ←
→ talk it up or play it down ? ( un ) expected correlations between ( de -) emphasis and recurrence of discussion points in consequential u . s . economic policy meetings ; in meetings where important decisions get made , what items receive more attention may influence the outcome . we examine how different types of rhetorical ( de -) emphasis -- including hedges , superlatives , and contrastive conjunctions -- correlate with what gets revisited later , controlling for item frequency and speaker . our data consists of trans ←
→ structural group sparse representation for image compressive sensing recovery ; compressive sensing ( cs ) theory shows that a signal can be decoded from many fewer measurements than suggested by the nyquist sampling theory , when the signal is sparse in some domain . most of conventional cs recovery approaches , however , exploited a set of fixed bases ( e . g . dct , wavelet , contourlet and gradient domain ) for the entirety of a signal , which are irrespective of the nonstationarity of natural signals and cannot ac ←
→ soft concurrent constraint programming ; soft constraints extend classical constraints to represent multiple consistency levels , and thus provide a way to express preferences , fuzziness , and uncertainty . while there are many soft constraint solving formalisms , even distributed ones , by now there seems to be no concurrent programming framework where soft constraints can be handled . in this paper we show how the classical concurrent constraint ( cc ) programming framework can work with soft constraints , and we ←
→ nonparametric bayesian sparse factor models with application to gene expression modeling ; a nonparametric bayesian extension of factor analysis ( fa ) is proposed where observed data $\ mathbf { y }$ is modeled as a linear superposition , $\ mathbf { g }$, of a potentially infinite number of hidden factors , $\ mathbf { x }$. the indian buffet process ( ibp ) is used as a prior on $\ mathbf { g }$ to incorporate sparsity and to allow the number of latent features to be inferred . the model ' s utility for modeling gene expressio ←
→ combining knowledge - and corpus - based word - sense - disambiguation methods ; in this paper we concentrate on the resolution of the lexical ambiguity that arises when a given word has several different meanings . this specific task is commonly referred to as word sense disambiguation ( wsd ). the task of wsd consists of assigning the correct sense to words using an electronic dictionary as the source of word definitions . we present two wsd methods based on two main methodological approaches in this research area : ←
→ finding heavily - weighted features in data streams ; we introduce a new sub - linear space data structure --- the weight - median sketch --- that captures the most heavily weighted features in linear classifiers trained over data streams . this enables memory - limited execution of several statistical analyses over streams , including online feature selection , streaming data explanation , relative deltoid detection , and streaming estimation of pointwise mutual information . in contrast with related sketches that capture t ←
→ robust distributed online prediction ; the standard model of online prediction deals with serial processing of inputs by a single processor . however , in large - scale online prediction problems , where inputs arrive at a high rate , an increasingly common necessity is to distribute the computation across several processors . a non - trivial challenge is to design distributed algorithms for online prediction , which maintain good regret guarantees . in \ cite { dmb }, we presented the dmb algorithm , which is a generic fr ←
→ semantic visual localization ; robust visual localization under a wide range of viewing conditions is a fundamental problem in computer vision . handling the difficult cases of this problem is not only very challenging but also of high practical relevance , e . g ., in the context of life - long localization for augmented reality or autonomous robots . in this paper , we propose a novel approach based on a joint geometric and semantic understanding of the world , enabling it to succeed under conditions where previous ←
→ the mgb - 2 challenge : arabic multi - dialect broadcast media recognition ; this paper describes the arabic multi - genre broadcast ( mgb - 2 ) challenge for slt - 2016 . unlike last year ' s english mgb challenge , which focused on recognition of diverse tv genres , this year , the challenge has an emphasis on handling the diversity in dialect in arabic speech . audio data comes from 19 distinct programmes from the aljazeera arabic tv channel between march 2005 and december 2015 . programmes are split into three groups : conve ←
→ from characters to words to in between : do we capture morphology ? ; words can be represented by composing the representations of subword units such as word segments , characters , and / or character n - grams . while such representations are effective and may capture the morphological regularities of words , they have not been systematically compared , and it is not understood how they interact with different morphological typologies . on a language modeling task , we present experiments that systematically vary ( 1 ) t ←
→ monaural audio speaker separation with source contrastive estimation ; we propose an algorithm to separate simultaneously speaking persons from each other , the " cocktail party problem ", using a single microphone . our approach involves a deep recurrent neural networks regression to a vector space that is descriptive of independent speakers . such a vector space can embed empirically determined speaker characteristics and is optimized by distinguishing between speaker masks . we call this technique source - contr ←
→ the universe of minds ; the paper attempts to describe the space of possible mind designs by first equating all minds to software . next it proves some interesting properties of the mind design space such as infinitude of minds , size and representation complexity of minds . a survey of mind design taxonomies is followed by a proposal for a new field of investigation devoted to study of minds , intellectology , a list of open problems for this new field is presented .←
→ reinforcement learning neural turing machines - revised ; the neural turing machine ( ntm ) is more expressive than all previously considered models because of its external memory . it can be viewed as a broader effort to use abstract external interfaces and to learn a parametric model that interacts with them . the capabilities of a model can be extended by providing it with proper interfaces that interact with the world . these external interfaces include memory , a database , a search engine , or a piece of so ←
→ feature space transfer for data augmentation ; the problem of data augmentation in feature space is considered . a new architecture , denoted the feature transfer network ( fatten ), is proposed for the modeling of feature trajectories induced by variations of object pose . this architecture exploits a parametrization of the pose manifold in terms of pose and appearance . this leads to a deep encoder / decoder network architecture , where the encoder factors into an appearance and a pose predictor . unlike previous a ←
→ learning better encoding for approximate nearest neighbor search with dictionary annealing ; we introduce a novel dictionary optimization method for high - dimensional vector quantization employed in approximate nearest neighbor ( ann ) search . vector quantization methods first seek a series of dictionaries , then approximate each vector by a sum of elements selected from these dictionaries . an optimal series of dictionaries should be mutually independent , and each dictionary should generate a balanced encodin ←
→ perspective transformer nets : learning single - view 3d object reconstruction without 3d supervision ; understanding the 3d world is a fundamental problem in computer vision . however , learning a good representation of 3d objects is still an open problem due to the high dimensionality of the data and many factors of variation involved . in this work , we investigate the task of single - view 3d object reconstruction from a learning agent ' s perspective . we formulate the learning process as an interaction between ←
→ science fiction as a worldwide phenomenon : a study of international creation , consumption and dissemination ; this paper examines the international nature of science fiction . the focus of this research is to determine whether science fiction is primarily english speaking and western or global ; being created and consumed by people in non - western , non - english speaking countries ? science fiction ' s international presence was found in three ways , by network analysis , by examining a online retailer and with a s ←
→ pre - translation for neural machine translation ; recently , the development of neural machine translation ( nmt ) has significantly improved the translation quality of automatic machine translation . while most sentences are more accurate and fluent than translations by statistical machine translation ( smt )- based systems , in some cases , the nmt system produces translations that have a completely different meaning . this is especially the case when rare words occur . when using statistical machine translation , i ←
→ iterative hierarchical optimization for misspecified problems ( ihomp ) ; for complex , high - dimensional markov decision processes ( mdps ), it may be necessary to represent the policy with function approximation . a problem is misspecified whenever , the representation cannot express any policy with acceptable performance . we introduce ihomp : an approach for solving misspecified problems . ihomp iteratively learns a set of context specialized options and combines these options to solve an otherwise misspecified p ←
→ on the sample complexity of end - to - end training vs . semantic abstraction training ; we compare the end - to - end training approach to a modular approach in which a system is decomposed into semantically meaningful components . we focus on the sample complexity aspect , in the regime where an extremely high accuracy is necessary , as is the case in autonomous driving applications . we demonstrate cases in which the number of training examples required by the end - to - end approach is exponentially larger than the nu ←
→ quiet in class : classification , noise and the dendritic cell algorithm ; theoretical analyses of the dendritic cell algorithm ( dca ) have yielded several criticisms about its underlying structure and operation . as a result , several alterations and fixes have been suggested in the literature to correct for these findings . a contribution of this work is to investigate the effects of replacing the classification stage of the dca ( which is known to be flawed ) with a traditional machine learning technique . this w ←
→ bayesian calibration for forensic evidence reporting ; we introduce a bayesian solution for the problem in forensic speaker recognition , where there may be very little background material for estimating score calibration parameters . we work within the bayesian paradigm of evidence reporting and develop a principled probabilistic treatment of the problem , which results in a bayesian likelihood - ratio as the vehicle for reporting weight of evidence . we show in contrast , that reporting a likelihood - ratio distri ←
→ on the use of reference points for the biobjective inventory routing problem ; the article presents a study on the biobjective inventory routing problem . contrary to most previous research , the problem is treated as a true multi - objective optimization problem , with the goal of identifying pareto - optimal solutions . due to the hardness of the problem at hand , a reference point based optimization approach is presented and implemented into an optimization and decision support system , which allows for the comp ←
→ improving object detection with deep convolutional networks via bayesian optimization and structured prediction ; object detection systems based on the deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) have recently made ground - breaking advances on several object detection benchmarks . while the features learned by these high - capacity neural networks are discriminative for categorization , inaccurate localization is still a major source of error for detection . building upon high - capacity cnn architectures , we addres ←
→ thurstonian boltzmann machines : learning from multiple inequalities ; we introduce thurstonian boltzmann machines ( tbm ), a unified architecture that can naturally incorporate a wide range of data inputs at the same time . our motivation rests in the thurstonian view that many discrete data types can be considered as being generated from a subset of underlying latent continuous variables , and in the observation that each realisation of a discrete type imposes certain inequalities on those variables . thus lear ←
→ gaussian process structural equation models with latent variables ; in a variety of disciplines such as social sciences , psychology , medicine and economics , the recorded data are considered to be noisy measurements of latent variables connected by some causal structure . this corresponds to a family of graphical models known as the structural equation model with latent variables . while linear non - gaussian variants have been well - studied , inference in nonparametric structural equation models is still underdev ←
→ learning articulated motions from visual demonstration ; many functional elements of human homes and workplaces consist of rigid components which are connected through one or more sliding or rotating linkages . examples include doors and drawers of cabinets and appliances ; laptops ; and swivel office chairs . a robotic mobile manipulator would benefit from the ability to acquire kinematic models of such objects from observation . this paper describes a method by which a robot can acquire an object model by capt ←
→ gremutrrr : a novel genetic algorithm to solve distance geometry problem for protein structures ; nuclear magnetic resonance ( nmr ) spectroscopy is a widely used technique to predict the native structure of proteins . however , nmr machines are only able to report approximate and partial distances between pair of atoms . to build the protein structure one has to solve the euclidean distance geometry problem given the incomplete interval distance data produced by nmr machines . in this paper , we propose a new ge ←
→ are distributional representations ready for the real world ? evaluating word vectors for grounded perceptual meaning ; distributional word representation methods exploit word co - occurrences to build compact vector encodings of words . while these representations enjoy widespread use in modern natural language processing , it is unclear whether they accurately encode all necessary facets of conceptual meaning . in this paper , we evaluate how well these representations can predict perceptual and conceptual fea ←
→ rgtsvm : support vector machines on a gpu in r ; rgtsvm provides a fast and flexible support vector machine ( svm ) implementation for the r language . the distinguishing feature of rgtsvm is that support vector classification and support vector regression tasks are implemented on a graphical processing unit ( gpu ), allowing the libraries to scale to millions of examples with > 100 - fold improvement in performance over existing implementations . nevertheless , rgtsvm retains feature parity and has an interface that ←
→ 3d camouflaging object using rgb - d sensors ; this paper proposes a new optical camouflage system that uses rgb - d cameras , for acquiring point cloud of background scene , and tracking observers eyes . this system enables a user to conceal an object located behind a display that surrounded by 3d objects . if we considered here the tracked point of observer s eyes is a light source , the system will work on estimating shadow shape of the display device that falls on the objects in background . the system uses the 3 ←
→ siamese lstm based fiber structural similarity network ( fs2net ) for rotation invariant brain tractography segmentation ; in this paper , we propose a novel deep learning architecture combining stacked bi - directional lstm and lstms with the siamese network architecture for segmentation of brain fibers , obtained from tractography data , into anatomically meaningful clusters . the proposed network learns the structural difference between fibers of different classes , which enables it to classify fibers with high ←
→ improving historical spelling normalization with bi - directional lstms and multi - task learning ; natural - language processing of historical documents is complicated by the abundance of variant spellings and lack of annotated data . a common approach is to normalize the spelling of historical words to modern forms . we explore the suitability of a deep neural network architecture for this task , particularly a deep bi - lstm network applied on a character level . our model compares well to previously established n ←
→ improving vision - based self - positioning in intelligent transportation systems via integrated lane and vehicle detection ; traffic congestion is a widespread problem . dynamic traffic routing systems and congestion pricing are getting importance in recent research . lane prediction and vehicle density estimation is an important component of such systems . we introduce a novel problem of vehicle self - positioning which involves predicting the number of lanes on the road and vehicle ' s position in those lanes usi ←
→ slow and steady feature analysis : higher order temporal coherence in video ; how can unlabeled video augment visual learning ? existing methods perform " slow " feature analysis , encouraging the representations of temporally close frames to exhibit only small differences . while this standard approach captures the fact that high - level visual signals change slowly over time , it fails to capture * how * the visual content changes . we propose to generalize slow feature analysis to " steady " feature analysis . the ke ←
→ efficient data - driven geologic feature detection from pre - stack seismic measurements using randomized machine - learning algorithm ; conventional seismic techniques for detecting the subsurface geologic features are challenged by limited data coverage , computational inefficiency , and subjective human factors . we developed a novel data - driven geological feature detection approach based on pre - stack seismic measurements . our detection method employs an efficient and accurate machine - learning detection approac ←
→ compressive phase - only filtering at extreme compression rates ; we introduce an efficient method for the reconstruction of the correlation between a compressively measured image and a phase - only filter . the proposed method is based on two properties of phase - only filtering : such filtering is a unitary circulant transform , and the correlation plane it produces is usually sparse . thanks to these properties , phase - only filters are perfectly compatible with the framework of compressive sensing . moreover , the la ←
→ temporal registration in in - utero volumetric mri time series ; we present a robust method to correct for motion and deformations for in - utero volumetric mri time series . spatio - temporal analysis of dynamic mri requires robust alignment across time in the presence of substantial and unpredictable motion . we make a markov assumption on the nature of deformations to take advantage of the temporal structure in the image data . forward message passing in the corresponding hidden markov model ( hmm ) yields an estim ←
→ identifying condition - action statements in medical guidelines using domain - independent features ; this paper advances the state of the art in text understanding of medical guidelines by releasing two new annotated clinical guidelines datasets , and establishing baselines for using machine learning to extract condition - action pairs . in contrast to prior work that relies on manually created rules , we report experiment with several supervised machine learning techniques to classify sentences as to whether the ←
→ bmobench : black - box multi - objective optimization benchmarking platform ; this document briefly describes the black - box multi - objective optimization benchmarking ( bmobench ) platform . it presents the test problems , evaluation procedure , and experimental setup . to this end , the bmobench is demonstrated by comparing recent multi - objective solvers from the literature , namely sms - emoa , dms , and mo - soo .←
→ building upon fast multipole methods to detect and model organizations ; many models in natural and social sciences are comprised of sets of inter - acting entities whose intensity of interaction decreases with distance . this often leads to structures of interest in these models composed of dense packs of entities . fast multipole methods are a family of methods developed to help with the calculation of a number of computable models such as described above . we propose a method that builds upon fmm to detect an ←
→ gr2rss : publishing linked open commerce data as rss and atom feeds ; the integration of linked open data ( lod ) content in web pages is a challenging and sometimes tedious task for web developers . at the same moment , most software packages for blogs , content management systems ( cms ), and shop applications support the consumption of feed formats , namely rss and atom . in this technical report , we demonstrate an on - line tool that fetches e - commerce data from a sparql endpoint and syndicates obtained results as ←
→ recurrent environment simulators ; models that can simulate how environments change in response to actions can be used by agents to plan and act efficiently . we improve on previous environment simulators from high - dimensional pixel observations by introducing recurrent neural networks that are able to make temporally and spatially coherent predictions for hundreds of time - steps into the future . we present an in - depth analysis of the factors affecting performance , providing the most extensive attempt to adva ←
→ framing u - net via deep convolutional framelets : application to sparse - view ct ; x - ray computed tomography ( ct ) using sparse projection views is a recent approach to reduce the radiation dose . however , due to the insufficient projection views , an analytic reconstruction approach using the filtered back projection ( fbp ) produces severe streaking artifacts . recently , deep learning approaches using large receptive field neural networks such as u - net have demonstrated impressive performance for sparse - view ct ←
→ bayesian nonparametric image segmentation using a generalized swendsen - wang algorithm ; unsupervised image segmentation aims at clustering the set of pixels of an image into spatially homogeneous regions . we introduce here a class of bayesian nonparametric models to address this problem . these models are based on a combination of a potts - like spatial smoothness component and a prior on partitions which is used to control both the number and size of clusters . this class of models is flexible enough to incl ←
→ learning with average top - k loss ; in this work , we introduce the {\ em average top -$ k $} (\ atk ) loss as a new aggregate loss for supervised learning , which is the average over the $ k $ largest individual losses over a training dataset . we show that the \ atk loss is a natural generalization of the two widely used aggregate losses , namely the average loss and the maximum loss , but can combine their advantages and mitigate their drawbacks to better adapt to different data distributions . furthermore , it remains a ←
→ blackwell approachability and minimax theory ; this manuscript investigates the relationship between blackwell approachability , a stochastic vector - valued repeated game , and minimax theory , a single - play scalar - valued scenario . first , it is established in a general setting --- one not permitting invocation of minimax theory --- that blackwell ' s approachability theorem and its generalization due to hou are still valid . second , minimax structure grants a result in the spirit of blackwell ' s weak - approachabilit ←
→ denoising of 3d magnetic resonance images with multi - channel residual learning of convolutional neural network ; the denoising of magnetic resonance ( mr ) images is a task of great importance for improving the acquired image quality . many methods have been proposed in the literature to retrieve noise free images with good performances . howerever , the state - of - the - art denoising methods , all needs a time - consuming optimization processes and their performance strongly depend on the estimated noise level param ←
→ semantic change detection with hypermaps ; change detection is the study of detecting changes between two different images of a scene taken at different times . by the detected change areas , however , a human cannot understand how different the two images . therefore , a semantic understanding is required in the change detection research such as disaster investigation . the paper proposes the concept of semantic change detection , which involves intuitively inserting semantic meaning into detected change areas . w ←
→ a non - convex one - pass framework for generalized factorization machine and rank - one matrix sensing ; we develop an efficient alternating framework for learning a generalized version of factorization machine ( gfm ) on steaming data with provable guarantees . when the instances are sampled from $ d $ dimensional random gaussian vectors and the target second order coefficient matrix in gfm is of rank $ k $, our algorithm converges linearly , achieves $ o (\ epsilon )$ recovery error after retrieving $ o ( k ^{ 3 } d \ log ( 1 /\ eps ←
→ image - based vehicle classification system ; electronic toll collection ( etc ) system has been a common trend used for toll collection on toll road nowadays . the implementation of electronic toll collection allows vehicles to travel at low or full speed during the toll payment , which help to avoid the traffic delay at toll road . one of the major components of an electronic toll collection is the automatic vehicle detection and classification ( avdc ) system which is important to classify the vehicle so that the ←
→ adaptive stochastic gradient descent on the grassmannian for robust low - rank subspace recovery and clustering ; in this paper , we present gasg21 ( grassmannian adaptive stochastic gradient for $ l_ { 2 , 1 }$ norm minimization ), an adaptive stochastic gradient algorithm to robustly recover the low - rank subspace from a large matrix . in the presence of column outliers , we reformulate the batch mode matrix $ l_ { 2 , 1 }$ norm minimization with rank constraint problem as a stochastic optimization approach constrained on ←
→ robust bayesian compressed sensing ; we consider the problem of robust compressed sensing whose objective is to recover a high - dimensional sparse signal from compressed measurements corrupted by outliers . a new sparse bayesian learning method is developed for robust compressed sensing . the basic idea of the proposed method is to identify and remove the outliers from sparse signal recovery . to automatically identify the outliers , we employ a set of binary indicator hyperparameters to indicate which observati ←
→ end - to - end integration of a convolutional network , deformable parts model and non - maximum suppression ; deformable parts models and convolutional networks each have achieved notable performance in object detection . yet these two approaches find their strengths in complementary areas : dpms are well - versed in object composition , modeling fine - grained spatial relationships between parts ; likewise , convnets are adept at producing powerful image features , having been discriminatively trained directly on the pi ←
→ local structure discovery in bayesian networks ; learning a bayesian network structure from data is an np - hard problem and thus exact algorithms are feasible only for small data sets . therefore , network structures for larger networks are usually learned with various heuristics . another approach to scaling up the structure learning is local learning . in local learning , the modeler has one or more target variables that are of special interest ; he wants to learn the structure near the target variables and is n ←
→ deep embedding convolutional neural network for synthesizing ct image from t1 - weighted mr image ; recently , more and more attention is drawn to the field of medical image synthesis across modalities . among them , the synthesis of computed tomography ( ct ) image from t1 - weighted magnetic resonance ( mr ) image is of great importance , although the mapping between them is highly complex due to large gaps of appearances of the two modalities . in this work , we aim to tackle this mr - to - ct synthesis by a novel deep ←
→ convergence of the em algorithm for gaussian mixtures with unbalanced mixing coefficients ; the speed of convergence of the expectation maximization ( em ) algorithm for gaussian mixture model fitting is known to be dependent on the amount of overlap among the mixture components . in this paper , we study the impact of mixing coefficients on the convergence of em . we show that when the mixture components exhibit some overlap , the convergence of em becomes slower as the dynamic range among the mixing coefficie ←
→' almost sure ' chaotic properties of machine learning methods ; it has been demonstrated earlier that universal computation is ' almost surely ' chaotic . machine learning is a form of computational fixed point iteration , iterating over the computable function space . we showcase some properties of this iteration , and establish in general that the iteration is ' almost surely ' of chaotic nature . this theory explains the observation in the counter intuitive properties of deep learning methods . this paper demonstra ←
→ handwriting profiling using generative adversarial networks ; handwriting is a skill learned by humans from a very early age . the ability to develop one ' s own unique handwriting as well as mimic another person ' s handwriting is a task learned by the brain with practice . this paper deals with this very problem where an intelligent system tries to learn the handwriting of an entity using generative adversarial networks ( gans ). we propose a modified architecture of dcgan ( radford , metz , and chintala 2015 ) to ac ←
→ simultaneously sparse and low - rank abundance matrix estimation for hyperspectral image unmixing ; in a plethora of applications dealing with inverse problems , e . g . in image processing , social networks , compressive sensing , biological data processing etc ., the signal of interest is known to be structured in several ways at the same time . this premise has recently guided the research to the innovative and meaningful idea of imposing multiple constraints on the parameters involved in the problem under study .←
→ fairjudge : trustworthy user prediction in rating platforms ; rating platforms enable large - scale collection of user opinion about items ( products , other users , etc .). however , many untrustworthy users give fraudulent ratings for excessive monetary gains . in the paper , we present fairjudge , a system to identify such fraudulent users . we propose three metrics : ( i ) the fairness of a user that quantifies how trustworthy the user is in rating the products , ( ii ) the reliability of a rating that measures how relia ←
→ a semi - supervised learning approach to enhance health care community - based question answering : a case study in alcoholism ; community - based question answering ( cqa ) sites play an important role in addressing health information needs . however , a significant number of posted questions remain unanswered . automatically answering the posted questions can provide a useful source of information for online health communities . in this study , we developed an algorithm to automatically answer health - related question ←
→ a new approach of gray images binarization with threshold methods ; the paper presents some aspects of the ( gray level ) image binarization methods used in artificial vision systems . it is introduced a new approach of gray level image binarization for artificial vision systems dedicated to industrial automation temporal thresholding . in the first part of the paper are extracted some limitations of using the global optimum thresholding in gray level image binarization . in the second part of this paper are pre ←
→ fuzzy rules and evidence theory for satellite image analysis ; design of a fuzzy rule based classifier is proposed . the performance of the classifier for multispectral satellite image classification is improved using dempster - shafer theory of evidence that exploits information of the neighboring pixels . the classifiers are tested rigorously with two known images and their performance are found to be better than the results available in the literature . we also demonstrate the improvement of performance whil ←
→ exploring temporal preservation networks for precise temporal action localization ; temporal action localization is an important task of computer vision . though a variety of methods have been proposed , it still remains an open question how to predict the temporal boundaries of action segments precisely . most works use segment - level classifiers to select video segments pre - determined by action proposal or dense sliding windows . however , in order to achieve more precise action boundaries , a temporal localiz ←
→ cross - modal scene networks ; people can recognize scenes across many different modalities beyond natural images . in this paper , we investigate how to learn cross - modal scene representations that transfer across modalities . to study this problem , we introduce a new cross - modal scene dataset . while convolutional neural networks can categorize scenes well , they also learn an intermediate representation not aligned across modalities , which is undesirable for cross - modal transfer applications . we present methods ←
→ clustering with feature selection using alternating minimization , application to computational biology ; this paper deals with unsupervised clustering with feature selection . the problem is to estimate both labels and a sparse projection matrix of weights . to address this combinatorial non - convex problem maintaining a strict control on the sparsity of the matrix of weights , we propose an alternating minimization of the frobenius norm criterion . we provide a new efficient algorithm named k - sparse which alt ←
→ rule - based query answering method for a knowledge base of economic crimes ; we present a description of the phd thesis which aims to propose a rule - based query answering method for relational data . in this approach we use an additional knowledge which is represented as a set of rules and describes the source data at concept ( ontological ) level . queries are posed in the terms of abstract level . we present two methods . the first one uses hybrid reasoning and the second one exploits only forward chaining . th ←
→ automatic music composition using answer set programming ; music composition used to be a pen and paper activity . these these days music is often composed with the aid of computer software , even to the point where the computer compose parts of the score autonomously . the composition of most styles of music is governed by rules . we show that by approaching the automation , analysis and verification of composition as a knowledge representation task and formalising these rules in a suitable logical language , po ←
→ clustering , coding , and the concept of similarity ; this paper develops a theory of clustering and coding which combines a geometric model with a probabilistic model in a principled way . the geometric model is a riemannian manifold with a riemannian metric , ${ g } _ { ij }({\ bf x })$, which we interpret as a measure of dissimilarity . the probabilistic model consists of a stochastic process with an invariant probability measure which matches the density of the sample input data . the link between the two models is a ←
→ imagespirit : verbal guided image parsing ; humans describe images in terms of nouns and adjectives while algorithms operate on images represented as sets of pixels . bridging this gap between how humans would like to access images versus their typical representation is the goal of image parsing , which involves assigning object and attribute labels to pixel . in this paper we propose treating nouns as object labels and adjectives as visual attribute labels . this allows us to formulate the image parsing problem ←
→ globally normalized reader ; rapid progress has been made towards question answering ( qa ) systems that can extract answers from text . existing neural approaches make use of expensive bi - directional attention mechanisms or score all possible answer spans , limiting scalability . we propose instead to cast extractive qa as an iterative search problem : select the answer ' s sentence , start word , and end word . this representation reduces the space of each search step and allows computation to be conditionally alloc ←
→ auto spell suggestion for high quality speech synthesis in hindi ; the goal of text - to - speech ( tts ) synthesis in a particular language is to convert arbitrary input text to intelligible and natural sounding speech . however , for a particular language like hindi , which is a highly confusing language ( due to very close spellings ), it is not an easy task to identify errors / mistakes in input text and an incorrect text degrade the quality of output speech hence this paper is a contribution to the development of h ←
→ a deep matrix factorization method for learning attribute representations ; semi - non - negative matrix factorization is a technique that learns a low - dimensional representation of a dataset that lends itself to a clustering interpretation . it is possible that the mapping between this new representation and our original data matrix contains rather complex hierarchical information with implicit lower - level hidden attributes , that classical one level clustering methodologies can not interpret . in this work we ←
→ optimizing and visualizing deep learning for benign / malignant classification in breast tumors ; breast cancer has the highest incidence and second highest mortality rate for women in the us . our study aims to utilize deep learning for benign / malignant classification of mammogram tumors using a subset of cases from the digital database of screening mammography ( ddsm ). though it was a small dataset from the view of deep learning ( about 1000 patients ), we show that currently state of the art architectures of ←
→ scalable inference for nested chinese restaurant process topic models ; nested chinese restaurant process ( ncrp ) topic models are powerful nonparametric bayesian methods to extract a topic hierarchy from a given text corpus , where the hierarchical structure is automatically determined by the data . hierarchical latent dirichlet allocation ( hlda ) is a popular instance of ncrp topic models . however , hlda has only been evaluated at small scale , because the existing collapsed gibbs sampling and instantiated weig ←
→ learning deep visual object models from noisy web data : how to make it work ; deep networks thrive when trained on large scale data collections . this has given imagenet a central role in the development of deep architectures for visual object classification . however , imagenet was created during a specific period in time , and as such it is prone to aging , as well as dataset bias issues . moving beyond fixed training datasets will lead to more robust visual systems , especially when deployed on robots in new ←
→ on evaluating and comparing conversational agents ; conversational agents are exploding in popularity . however , much work remains in the area of non goal - oriented conversations , despite significant growth in research interest over recent years . to advance the state of the art in conversational ai , amazon launched the alexa prize , a 2 . 5 - million dollar university competition where sixteen selected university teams built conversational agents to deliver the best social conversational experience . alexa prize pr ←
→ learning to rank based on analogical reasoning ; object ranking or " learning to rank " is an important problem in the realm of preference learning . on the basis of training data in the form of a set of rankings of objects represented as feature vectors , the goal is to learn a ranking function that predicts a linear order of any new set of objects . in this paper , we propose a new approach to object ranking based on principles of analogical reasoning . more specifically , our inference pattern is formalized in t ←
→ understanding and eliminating the large - kernel effect in blind deconvolution ; blind deconvolution consists of recovering a clear version of an observed blurry image without specific knowledge of the degradation kernel . the kernel size , however , is a required hyper - parameter that defines the range of the support domain . in this study , we experimentally and theoretically show how large kernel sizes introduce noises to expected zeros in the kernel and yield inferior results . we explain this effect by demons ←
→ prime implicates and prime implicants : from propositional to modal logic ; prime implicates and prime implicants have proven relevant to a number of areas of artificial intelligence , most notably abductive reasoning and knowledge compilation . the purpose of this paper is to examine how these notions might be appropriately extended from propositional logic to the modal logic k . we begin the paper by considering a number of potential definitions of clauses and terms for k . the different definitions are evalua ←
→ adaptive digital scan variable pixels ; the square and rectangular shape of the pixels in the digital images for sensing and display purposes introduces several inaccuracies in the representation of digital images . the major disadvantage of square pixel shapes is the inability to accurately capture and display the details in the objects having variable orientations to edges , shapes and regions . this effect can be observed by the inaccurate representation of diagonal edges in low resolution square pixel imag ←
→ active learning with expert advice ; conventional learning with expert advice methods assumes a learner is always receiving the outcome ( e . g ., class labels ) of every incoming training instance at the end of each trial . in real applications , acquiring the outcome from oracle can be costly or time consuming . in this paper , we address a new problem of active learning with expert advice , where the outcome of an instance is disclosed only when it is requested by the online learner . our goal is to learn an accura ←
→ generic multiplicative methods for implementing machine learning algorithms on mapreduce ; in this paper we introduce a generic model for multiplicative algorithms which is suitable for the mapreduce parallel programming paradigm . we implement three typical machine learning algorithms to demonstrate how similarity comparison , gradient descent , power method and other classic learning techniques fit this model well . two versions of large - scale matrix multiplication are discussed in this paper , and different ←
→ how can one sample images with sampling rates close to the theoretical minimum ? ; a problem is addressed of minimization of the number of measurements needed for digital image acquisition and reconstruction with a given accuracy . a sampling theory based method of image sampling and reconstruction is suggested that allows to draw near the minimal rate of image sampling defined by the sampling theory . presented and discussed are also results of experimental verification of the method and its possible applic ←
→ scaling of model approximation errors and expected entropy distances ; we compute the expected value of the kullback - leibler divergence to various fundamental statistical models with respect to canonical priors on the probability simplex . we obtain closed formulas for the expected model approximation errors , depending on the dimension of the models and the cardinalities of their sample spaces . for the uniform prior , the expected divergence from any model containing the uniform distribution is bounded by a c ←
→ discover & explore neural network ( dxnn ) platform , a modular tweann ; in this paper i present a novel type of topology and weight evolving artificial neural network ( tweann ) system called modular discover & explore neural network ( dxnn ). modular dxnn utilizes a hierarchical / modular topology which allows for highly scalable and dynamically granular systems to evolve . among the novel features discussed in this paper is a simple and database friendly encoding for hierarchical / modular nns , a new selection metho ←
→ unsupervised body part regression via spatially self - ordering convolutional neural networks ; automatic body part recognition for ct slices can benefit various medical image applications . recent deep learning methods demonstrate promising performance , with the requirement of large amounts of labeled images for training . the intrinsic structural or superior - inferior slice ordering information in ct volumes is not fully exploited . in this paper , we propose a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based unsuperv ←
→ finding influential training samples for gradient boosted decision trees ; we address the problem of finding influential training samples for a particular case of tree ensemble - based models , e . g ., random forest ( rf ) or gradient boosted decision trees ( gbdt ). a natural way of formalizing this problem is studying how the model ' s predictions change upon leave - one - out retraining , leaving out each individual training sample . recent work has shown that , for parametric models , this analysis can be conducted in a c ←
→ proceedings of the first conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 1985 ) ; this is the proceedings of the first conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in los angeles , ca , july 10 - 12 , 1985 ←
→ monte carlo tree search with heuristic evaluations using implicit minimax backups ; monte carlo tree search ( mcts ) has improved the performance of game engines in domains such as go , hex , and general game playing . mcts has been shown to outperform classic alpha - beta search in games where good heuristic evaluations are difficult to obtain . in recent years , combining ideas from traditional minimax search in mcts has been shown to be advantageous in some domains , such as lines of action , amazons , and breakth ←
→ tensor - based approach to accelerate deformable part models ; this article provides next step towards solving speed bottleneck of any system that intensively uses convolutions operations ( e . g . cnn ). method described in the article is applied on deformable part models ( dpm ) algorithm . method described here is based on multidimensional tensors and provides efficient tradeoff between dpm performance and accuracy . experiments on various databases , including pascal voc , show that the proposed method allows decrea ←
→ a neural conversational model ; conversational modeling is an important task in natural language understanding and machine intelligence . although previous approaches exist , they are often restricted to specific domains ( e . g ., booking an airline ticket ) and require hand - crafted rules . in this paper , we present a simple approach for this task which uses the recently proposed sequence to sequence framework . our model converses by predicting the next sentence given the previous sentence or sentences in a conver ←
→ agent - agnostic human - in - the - loop reinforcement learning ; providing reinforcement learning agents with expert advice can dramatically improve various aspects of learning . prior work has developed teaching protocols that enable agents to learn efficiently in complex environments ; many of these methods tailor the teacher ' s guidance to agents with a particular representation or underlying learning scheme , offering effective but specialized teaching procedures . in this work , we explore protocol programs , an age ←
→ real time bid optimization with smooth budget delivery in online advertising ; today , billions of display ad impressions are purchased on a daily basis through a public auction hosted by real time bidding ( rtb ) exchanges . a decision has to be made for advertisers to submit a bid for each selected rtb ad request in milliseconds . restricted by the budget , the goal is to buy a set of ad impressions to reach as many targeted users as possible . a desired action ( conversion ), advertiser specific , includes purch ←
→ robust clustering using outlier - sparsity regularization ; notwithstanding the popularity of conventional clustering algorithms such as k - means and probabilistic clustering , their clustering results are sensitive to the presence of outliers in the data . even a few outliers can compromise the ability of these algorithms to identify meaningful hidden structures rendering their outcome unreliable . this paper develops robust clustering algorithms that not only aim to cluster the data , but also to identify the ou ←
→ scene graph generation from objects , phrases and region captions ; object detection , scene graph generation and region captioning , which are three scene understanding tasks at different semantic levels , are tied together : scene graphs are generated on top of objects detected in an image with their pairwise relationship predicted , while region captioning gives a language description of the objects , their attributes , relations , and other context information . in this work , to leverage the mutual connections ac ←
→ deep boltzmann machines in estimation of distribution algorithms for combinatorial optimization ; estimation of distribution algorithms ( edas ) require flexible probability models that can be efficiently learned and sampled . deep boltzmann machines ( dbms ) are generative neural networks with these desired properties . we integrate a dbm into an eda and evaluate the performance of this system in solving combinatorial optimization problems with a single objective . we compare the results to the bayesian optimiz ←
→ neural sentence ordering ; sentence ordering is a general and critical task for natural language generation applications . previous works have focused on improving its performance in an external , downstream task , such as multi - document summarization . given its importance , we propose to study it as an isolated task . we collect a large corpus of academic texts , and derive a data driven approach to learn pairwise ordering of sentences , and validate the efficacy with extensive experiments . source codes and datas ←
→ tempeval - 3 : evaluating events , time expressions , and temporal relations ; we describe the tempeval - 3 task which is currently in preparation for the semeval - 2013 evaluation exercise . the aim of tempeval is to advance research on temporal information processing . tempeval - 3 follows on from previous tempeval events , incorporating : a three - part task structure covering event , temporal expression and temporal relation extraction ; a larger dataset ; and single overall task quality scores .←
→ matched bipartite block model with covariates ; community detection or clustering is a fundamental task in the analysis of network data . many real networks have a bipartite structure which makes community detection challenging . in this paper , we consider a model which allows for matched communities in the bipartite setting , in addition to node covariates with information about the matching . we derive a simple fast algorithm for fitting the model based on variational inference ideas and show its effectivenes ←
→ hydraplus - net : attentive deep features for pedestrian analysis ; pedestrian analysis plays a vital role in intelligent video surveillance and is a key component for security - centric computer vision systems . despite that the convolutional neural networks are remarkable in learning discriminative features from images , the learning of comprehensive features of pedestrians for fine - grained tasks remains an open problem . in this study , we propose a new attention - based deep neural network , named as hydraplus - net ←
→ smash : physics - guided reconstruction of collisions from videos ; collision sequences are commonly used in games and entertainment to add drama and excitement . authoring even two body collisions in the real world can be difficult , as one has to get timing and the object trajectories to be correctly synchronized . after tedious trial - and - error iterations , when objects can actually be made to collide , then they are difficult to capture in 3d . in contrast , synthetically generating plausible collisions is difficu ←
→ calibration of phone likelihoods in automatic speech recognition ; in this paper we study the probabilistic properties of the posteriors in a speech recognition system that uses a deep neural network ( dnn ) for acoustic modeling . we do this by reducing kaldi ' s dnn shared pdf - id posteriors to phone likelihoods , and using test set forced alignments to evaluate these using a calibration sensitive metric . individual frame posteriors are in principle well - calibrated , because the dnn is trained using cross entropy ←
→ temporal 3d convnets : new architecture and transfer learning for video classification ; the work in this paper is driven by the question how to exploit the temporal cues available in videos for their accurate classification , and for human action recognition in particular ? thus far , the vision community has focused on spatio - temporal approaches with fixed temporal convolution kernel depths . we introduce a new temporal layer that models variable temporal convolution kernel depths . we embed this new temporal ←
→ hand - object interaction and precise localization in transitive action recognition ; action recognition in still images has seen major improvement in recent years due to advances in human pose estimation , object recognition and stronger feature representations produced by deep neural networks . however , there are still many cases in which performance remains far from that of humans . a major difficulty arises in distinguishing between transitive actions in which the overall actor pose is similar , and recogni ←
→ image super - resolution via feature - augmented random forest ; recent random - forest ( rf )- based image super - resolution approaches inherit some properties from dictionary - learning - based algorithms , but the effectiveness of the properties in rf is overlooked in the literature . in this paper , we present a novel feature - augmented random forest ( farf ) for image super - resolution , where the conventional gradient - based features are augmented with gradient magnitudes and different feature recipes are formulated on diff ←
→ constrained image generation using binarized neural networks with decision procedures ; we consider the problem of binary image generation with given properties . this problem arises in a number of practical applications , including generation of artificial porous medium for an electrode of lithium - ion batteries , for composed materials , etc . a generated image represents a porous medium and , as such , it is subject to two sets of constraints : topological constraints on the structure and process constraints on ←
→ delta epsilon alpha star : a pac - admissible search algorithm ; delta epsilon alpha star is a minimal coverage , real - time robotic search algorithm that yields a moderately aggressive search path with minimal backtracking . search performance is bounded by a placing a combinatorial bound , epsilon and delta , on the maximum deviation from the theoretical shortest path and the probability at which further deviations can occur . additionally , we formally define the notion of pac - admissibility -- a relaxed admissibil ←
→ fpa - cs : focal plane array - based compressive imaging in short - wave infrared ; cameras for imaging in short and mid - wave infrared spectra are significantly more expensive than their counterparts in visible imaging . as a result , high - resolution imaging in those spectrum remains beyond the reach of most consumers . over the last decade , compressive sensing ( cs ) has emerged as a potential means to realize inexpensive short - wave infrared cameras . one approach for doing this is the single - pixel camera ( spc ) where ←
→ boosting deep learning risk prediction with generative adversarial networks for electronic health records ; the rapid growth of electronic health records ( ehrs ), as well as the accompanied opportunities in data - driven healthcare ( ddh ), has been attracting widespread interests and attentions . recent progress in the design and applications of deep learning methods has shown promising results and is forcing massive changes in healthcare academia and industry , but most of these methods rely on massive labeled ←
→ a good practice towards top performance of face recognition : transferred deep feature fusion ; unconstrained face recognition performance evaluations have traditionally focused on labeled faces in the wild ( lfw ) dataset for imagery and the youtubefaces ( ytf ) dataset for videos in the last couple of years . spectacular progress in this field has resulted in saturation on verification and identification accuracies for those benchmark datasets . in this paper , we propose a unified learning framework named tran ←
→ neural architectures for fine - grained entity type classification ; in this work , we investigate several neural network architectures for fine - grained entity type classification . particularly , we consider extensions to a recently proposed attentive neural architecture and make three key contributions . previous work on attentive neural architectures do not consider hand - crafted features , we combine learnt and hand - crafted features and observe that they complement each other . additionally , through quantitative ←
→ collaborating robotics using nature - inspired meta - heuristics ; this paper introduces collaborating robots which provide the possibility of enhanced task performance , high reliability and decreased . collaborating - bots are a collection of mobile robots able to self - assemble and to self - organize in order to solve problems that cannot be solved by a single robot . these robots combine the power of swarm intelligence with the flexibility of self - reconfiguration as aggregate collaborating - bots can dynamically chan ←
→ black - box complexities of combinatorial problems ; black - box complexity is a complexity theoretic measure for how difficult a problem is to be optimized by a general purpose optimization algorithm . it is thus one of the few means trying to understand which problems are tractable for genetic algorithms and other randomized search heuristics . most previous work on black - box complexity is on artificial test functions . in this paper , we move a step forward and give a detailed analysis for the two combinatoria ←
→ supervised q - walk for learning vector representation of nodes in networks ; automatic feature learning algorithms are at the forefront of modern day machine learning research . we present a novel algorithm , supervised q - walk , which applies q - learning to generate random walks on graphs such that the walks prove to be useful for learning node features suitable for tackling with the node classification problem . we present another novel algorithm , k - hops neighborhood based confidence values learner , which lear ←
→ compressed support vector machines ; support vector machines ( svm ) can classify data sets along highly non - linear decision boundaries because of the kernel - trick . this expressiveness comes at a price : during test - time , the svm classifier needs to compute the kernel inner - product between a test sample and all support vectors . with large training data sets , the time required for this computation can be substantial . in this paper , we introduce a post - processing algorithm , which compresses the learned svm model ←
→ group sparsity residual constraint for image denoising ; group - based sparse representation has shown great potential in image denoising . however , most existing methods only consider the nonlocal self - similarity ( nss ) prior of noisy input image . that is , the similar patches are collected only from degraded input , which makes the quality of image denoising largely depend on the input itself . however , such methods often suffer from a common drawback that the denoising performance may degrade quickly with incre ←
→ image fusion using lep filtering and bilinear interpolation ; image fusion is the process in which core information from a set of component images is merged to form a single image , which is more informative and complete than the component input images in quality and appearance . this paper presents a fast and effective image fusion method for creating high quality fused images by merging component images . in the proposed method , the input image is broken down to a two - scale image representation with a base l ←
→ dd - eba : an algorithm for determining the number of neighbors in cost estimation by analogy using distance distributions ; case based reasoning and particularly estimation by analogy , has been used in a number of problem - solving areas , such as cost estimation . conventional methods , despite the lack of a sound criterion for choosing nearest projects , were based on estimation using a fixed and predetermined number of neighbors from the entire set of historical instances . this approach puts boundaries to the ←
→ challenges in persian electronic text analysis ; farsi , also known as persian , is the official language of iran and tajikistan and one of the two main languages spoken in afghanistan . farsi enjoys a unified arabic script as its writing system . in this paper we briefly introduce the writing standards of farsi and highlight problems one would face when analyzing farsi electronic texts , especially during development of farsi corpora regarding to transcription and encoding of farsi e - texts . the pointes mentione ←
→ filmy cloud removal on satellite imagery with multispectral conditional generative adversarial nets ; in this paper , we propose a method for cloud removal from visible light rgb satellite images by extending the conditional generative adversarial networks ( cgans ) from rgb images to multispectral images . satellite images have been widely utilized for various purposes , such as natural environment monitoring ( pollution , forest or rivers ), transportation improvement and prompt emergency response to disasters .←
→ a lower bound for the variance of estimators for nakagami m distribution ; recently , we have proposed a maximum likelihood iterative algorithm for estimation of the parameters of the nakagami - m distribution . this technique performs better than state of art estimation techniques for this distribution . this could be of particular use in low data or block based estimation problems . in these scenarios , the estimator should be able to give accurate estimates in the mean square sense with less amounts of data . al ←
→ improved edge awareness in discontinuity preserving smoothing ; discontinuity preserving smoothing is a fundamentally important procedure that is useful in a wide variety of image processing contexts . it is directly useful for noise reduction , and frequently used as an intermediate step in higher level algorithms . for example , it can be particularly useful in edge detection and segmentation . three well known algorithms for discontinuity preserving smoothing are nonlinear anisotropic diffusion , bilateral fil ←
→ hybrid srl with optimization modulo theories ; generally speaking , the goal of constructive learning could be seen as , given an example set of structured objects , to generate novel objects with similar properties . from a statistical - relational learning ( srl ) viewpoint , the task can be interpreted as a constraint satisfaction problem , i . e . the generated objects must obey a set of soft constraints , whose weights are estimated from the data . traditional srl approaches rely on ( finite ) first - order logic ( fol ) a ←
→ non - stationary stochastic optimization ; we consider a non - stationary variant of a sequential stochastic optimization problem , in which the underlying cost functions may change along the horizon . we propose a measure , termed variation budget , that controls the extent of said change , and study how restrictions on this budget impact achievable performance . we identify sharp conditions under which it is possible to achieve long - run - average optimality and more refined performance measures such as rate optimalit ←
→ an empirical evaluation of generic convolutional and recurrent networks for sequence modeling ; for most deep learning practitioners , sequence modeling is synonymous with recurrent networks . yet recent results indicate that convolutional architectures can outperform recurrent networks on tasks such as audio synthesis and machine translation . given a new sequence modeling task or dataset , which architecture should one use ? we conduct a systematic evaluation of generic convolutional and recurrent architectu ←
→ strong & weak methods : a logical view of uncertainty ; the last few years has seen a growing debate about techniques for managing uncertainty in ai systems . unfortunately this debate has been cast as a rivalry between ai methods and classical probability based ones . three arguments for extending the probability framework of uncertainty are presented , none of which imply a challenge to classical methods . these are ( 1 ) explicit representation of several types of uncertainty , specifically possibility and plaus ←
→ competency tracking for english as a second or foreign language learners ; my system utilizes the outcomes feature found in moodle and other learning content management systems ( lcmss ) to keep track of where students are in terms of what language competencies they have mastered and the competencies they need to get where they want to go . these competencies are based on the common european framework for ( english ) language learning . this data can be available for everyone involved with a given student ' s progr ←
→ detail - revealing deep video super - resolution ; previous cnn - based video super - resolution approaches need to align multiple frames to the reference . in this paper , we show that proper frame alignment and motion compensation is crucial for achieving high quality results . we accordingly propose a ` sub - pixel motion compensation ' ( spmc ) layer in a cnn framework . analysis and experiments show the suitability of this layer in video sr . the final end - to - end , scalable cnn framework effectively incorporates the spmc ←
→ take and took , gaggle and goose , book and read : evaluating the utility of vector differences for lexical relation learning ; recent work on word embeddings has shown that simple vector subtraction over pre - trained embeddings is surprisingly effective at capturing different lexical relations , despite lacking explicit supervision . prior work has evaluated this intriguing result using a word analogy prediction formulation and hand - selected relations , but the generality of the finding over a broader range of ←
→ a distributed process infrastructure for a distributed data structure ; the resource description framework ( rdf ) is continuing to grow outside the bounds of its initial function as a metadata framework and into the domain of general - purpose data modeling . this expansion has been facilitated by the continued increase in the capacity and speed of rdf database repositories known as triple - stores . high - end rdf triple - stores can hold and process on the order of 10 billion triples . in an effort to provide a seaml ←
→ xnmt : the extensible neural machine translation toolkit ; this paper describes xnmt , the extensible neural machine translation toolkit . xnmt distin - guishes itself from other open - source nmt toolkits by its focus on modular code design , with the purpose of enabling fast iteration in research and replicable , reliable results . in this paper we describe the design of xnmt and its experiment configuration system , and demonstrate its utility on the tasks of machine translation , speech recognition , and multi - task ←
→ retuyt in tass 2017 : sentiment analysis for spanish tweets using svm and cnn ; this article presents classifiers based on svm and convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) for the tass 2017 challenge on tweets sentiment analysis . the classifier with the best performance in general uses a combination of svm and cnn . the use of word embeddings was particularly useful for improving the classifiers performance .←
→ indian buffet process for model selection in convolved multiple - output gaussian processes ; multi - output gaussian processes have received increasing attention during the last few years as a natural mechanism to extend the powerful flexibility of gaussian processes to the setup of multiple output variables . the key point here is the ability to design kernel functions that allow exploiting the correlations between the outputs while fulfilling the positive definiteness requisite for the covariance function . ←
→ a survey of question answering for math and science problem ; turing test was long considered the measure for artificial intelligence . but with the advances in ai , it has proved to be insufficient measure . we can now aim to mea - sure machine intelligence like we measure human intelligence . one of the widely accepted measure of intelligence is standardized math and science test . in this paper , we explore the progress we have made towards the goal of making a machine smart enough to pass the standardized test ←
→ comparing typical opening move choices made by humans and chess engines ; the opening book is an important component of a chess engine , and thus computer chess programmers have been developing automated methods to improve the quality of their books . for chess , which has a very rich opening theory , large databases of high - quality games can be used as the basis of an opening book , from which statistics relating to move choices from given positions can be collected . in order to find out whether the opening boo ←
→ the k - nearest neighbour ucb algorithm for multi - armed bandits with covariates ; in this paper we propose and explore the k - nearest neighbour ucb algorithm for multi - armed bandits with covariates . we focus on a setting where the covariates are supported on a metric space of low intrinsic dimension , such as a manifold embedded within a high dimensional ambient feature space . the algorithm is conceptually simple and straightforward to implement . the k - nearest neighbour ucb algorithm does not require prior kn ←
→ applications of clifford ' s geometric algebra ; we survey the development of clifford ' s geometric algebra and some of its engineering applications during the last 15 years . several recently developed applications and their merits are discussed in some detail . we thus hope to clearly demonstrate the benefit of developing problem solutions in a unified framework for algebra and geometry with the widest possible scope : from quantum computing and electromagnetism to satellite navigation , from neural computing to ←
→ a novel deep learning architecture for testis histology image classification ; unlike other histology analysis , classification of tubule status in testis histology is very challenging due to their high similarity of texture and shape . traditional deep learning networks have difficulties to capture nuance details among different tubule categories . in this paper , we propose a novel deep learning architecture for feature learning , image classification , and image reconstruction . it is based on stacked auto - en ←
→ scaling genetic programming for source code modification ; in search based software engineering , genetic programming has been used for bug fixing , performance improvement and parallelisation of programs through the modification of source code . where an evolutionary computation algorithm , such as genetic programming , is to be applied to similar code manipulation tasks , the complexity and size of source code for real - world software poses a scalability problem . to address this , we intend to inspect how the sof ←
→ a statistical perspective on algorithmic leveraging ; one popular method for dealing with large - scale data sets is sampling . for example , by using the empirical statistical leverage scores as an importance sampling distribution , the method of algorithmic leveraging samples and rescales rows / columns of data matrices to reduce the data size before performing computations on the subproblem . this method has been successful in improving computational efficiency of algorithms for matrix problems such as least - squ ←
→ on rho in a decision - theoretic apparatus of dempster - shafer theory ; thomas m . strat has developed a decision - theoretic apparatus for dempster - shafer theory ( decision analysis using belief functions , intern . j . approx . reason . 4 ( 5 / 6 ), 391 - 417 , 1990 ). in this apparatus , expected utility intervals are constructed for different choices . the choice with the highest expected utility is preferable to others . however , to find the preferred choice when the expected utility interval of one choice is included in that ←
→ a study of unsupervised adaptive crowdsourcing ; we consider unsupervised crowdsourcing performance based on the model wherein the responses of end - users are essentially rated according to how their responses correlate with the majority of other responses to the same subtasks / questions . in one setting , we consider an independent sequence of identically distributed crowdsourcing assignments ( meta - tasks ), while in the other we consider a single assignment with a large number of component subtasks . both proble ←
→ community detection in multi - relational data with restricted multi - layer stochastic blockmodel ; in recent years there has been an increased interest in statistical analysis of data with multiple types of relations among a set of entities . such multi - relational data can be represented as multi - layer graphs where the set of vertices represents the entities and multiple types of edges represent the different relations among them . for community detection in multi - layer graphs , we consider two random graph mo ←
→ on the evaluation of video keyframe summaries using user ground truth ; given the great interest in creating keyframe summaries from video , it is surprising how little has been done to formalise their evaluation and comparison . user studies are often carried out to demonstrate that a proposed method generates a more appealing summary than one or two rival methods . but larger comparison studies cannot feasibly use such user surveys . here we propose a discrimination capacity measure as a formal way to quantif ←
→ using latent binary variables for online reconstruction of large scale systems ; we propose a probabilistic graphical model realizing a minimal encoding of real variables dependencies based on possibly incomplete observation and an empirical cumulative distribution function per variable . the target application is a large scale partially observed system , like e . g . a traffic network , where a small proportion of real valued variables are observed , and the other variables have to be predicted . our design obje ←
→ classifying cue phrases in text and speech using machine learning ; cue phrases may be used in a discourse sense to explicitly signal discourse structure , but also in a sentential sense to convey semantic rather than structural information . this paper explores the use of machine learning for classifying cue phrases as discourse or sentential . two machine learning programs ( cgrendel and c4 . 5 ) are used to induce classification rules from sets of pre - classified cue phrases and their features . machine learning ←
→ scenecut : joint geometric and object segmentation for indoor scenes ; this paper presents scenecut , a novel approach to jointly discover previously unseen objects and non - object surfaces using a single rgb - d image . scenecut ' s joint reasoning over scene semantics and geometry allows a robot to detect and segment object instances in complex scenes where modern deep learning - based methods either fail to separate object instances , or fail to detect objects that were not seen during training . scenecut automatica ←
→ an evolutionary algorithm to learn sparql queries for source - target - pairs : finding patterns for human associations in dbpedia ; efficient usage of the knowledge provided by the linked data community is often hindered by the need for domain experts to formulate the right sparql queries to answer questions . for new questions they have to decide which datasets are suitable and in which terminology and modelling style to phrase the sparql query . in this work we present an evolutionary algorithm to help with ←
→ a proximal bregman projection approach to continuous max - flow problems using entropic distances ; one issue limiting the adaption of large - scale multi - region segmentation is the sometimes prohibitive memory requirements . this is especially troubling considering advances in massively parallel computing and commercial graphics processing units because of their already limited memory compared to the current random access memory used in more traditional computation . to address this issue in the field of conti ←
→ raspireader : an open source fingerprint reader facilitating spoof detection ; we present the design and prototype of an open source , optical fingerprint reader , called raspireader , using ubiquitous components . raspireader , a low - cost and easy to assemble reader , provides the fingerprint research community a seamless and simple method for gaining more control over the sensing component of fingerprint recognition systems . in particular , we posit that this versatile fingerprint reader will encourage research ←
→ an event grouping based algorithm for university course timetabling problem ; this paper presents the study of an event grouping based algorithm for a university course timetabling problem . several publications which discuss the problem and some approaches for its solution are analyzed . the grouping of events in groups with an equal number of events in each group is not applicable to all input data sets . for this reason , a universal approach to all possible groupings of events in commensurate in size grou ←
→ expnet : landmark - free , deep , 3d facial expressions ; we describe a deep learning based method for estimating 3d facial expression coefficients . unlike previous work , our process does not relay on facial landmark detection methods as a proxy step . recent methods have shown that a cnn can be trained to regress accurate and discriminative 3d morphable model ( 3dmm ) representations , directly from image intensities . by foregoing facial landmark detection , these methods were able to estimate shapes for occluded fa ←
→ using linear constraints for logic program termination analysis ; it is widely acknowledged that function symbols are an important feature in answer set programming , as they make modeling easier , increase the expressive power , and allow us to deal with infinite domains . the main issue with their introduction is that the evaluation of a program might not terminate and checking whether it terminates or not is undecidable . to cope with this problem , several classes of logic programs have been proposed where th ←
→ breaking the nonsmooth barrier : a scalable parallel method for composite optimization ; due to their simplicity and excellent performance , parallel asynchronous variants of stochastic gradient descent have become popular methods to solve a wide range of large - scale optimization problems on multi - core architectures . yet , despite their practical success , support for nonsmooth objectives is still lacking , making them unsuitable for many problems of interest in machine learning , such as the lasso , group lasso ←
→ a multi - task learning approach for improving product title compression with user search log data ; it is a challenging and practical research problem to obtain effective compression of lengthy product titles for e - commerce . this is particularly important as more and more users browse mobile e - commerce apps and more merchants make the original product titles redundant and lengthy for search engine optimization . traditional text summarization approaches often require a large amount of preprocessing costs an ←
→ an automated cnn recommendation system for image classification tasks ; nowadays the cnn is widely used in practical applications for image classification task . however the design of the cnn model is very professional work and which is very difficult for ordinary users . besides , even for experts of cnn , to select an optimal model for specific task may still need a lot of time ( to train many different models ). in order to solve this problem , we proposed an automated cnn recommendation system for image classi ←
→ a simple language model based on pmi matrix approximations ; in this study , we introduce a new approach for learning language models by training them to estimate word - context pointwise mutual information ( pmi ), and then deriving the desired conditional probabilities from pmi at test time . specifically , we show that with minor modifications to word2vec ' s algorithm , we get principled language models that are closely related to the well - established noise contrastive estimation ( nce ) based language models . a co ←
→ generalised wasserstein dice score for imbalanced multi - class segmentation using holistic convolutional networks ; the dice score is widely used for binary segmentation due to its robustness to class imbalance . soft generalisations of the dice score allow it to be used as a loss function for training convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). although cnns trained using mean - class dice score achieve state - of - the - art results on multi - class segmentation , this loss function does neither take advantage of inter - cla ←
→ view adaptive recurrent neural networks for high performance human action recognition from skeleton data ; skeleton - based human action recognition has recently attracted increasing attention due to the popularity of 3d skeleton data . one main challenge lies in the large view variations in captured human actions . we propose a novel view adaptation scheme to automatically regulate observation viewpoints during the occurrence of an action . rather than re - positioning the skeletons based on a human defined pri ←
→ a slice sampler for restricted hierarchical beta process with applications to shared subspace learning ; hierarchical beta process has found interesting applications in recent years . in this paper we present a modified hierarchical beta process prior with applications to hierarchical modeling of multiple data sources . the novel use of the prior over a hierarchical factor model allows factors to be shared across different sources . we derive a slice sampler for this model , enabling tractable inference even ←
→ learning convolutional networks for content - weighted image compression ; lossy image compression is generally formulated as a joint rate - distortion optimization to learn encoder , quantizer , and decoder . however , the quantizer is non - differentiable , and discrete entropy estimation usually is required for rate control . these make it very challenging to develop a convolutional network ( cnn )- based image compression system . in this paper , motivated by that the local information content is spatially variant in an ←
→ tournament leave - pair - out cross - validation for receiver operating characteristic ( roc ) analysis ; receiver operating characteristic ( roc ) analysis is widely used for evaluating diagnostic systems . recent studies have shown that estimating an area under roc curve ( auc ) with standard cross - validation methods suffers from a large bias . the leave - pair - out ( lpo ) cross - validation has been shown to correct this bias . however , while lpo produces an almost unbiased estimate of auc , it does not provide a ranking of ←
→ accelerating exact and approximate inference for ( distributed ) discrete optimization with gpus ; discrete optimization is a central problem in artificial intelligence . the optimization of the aggregated cost of a network of cost functions arises in a variety of problems including ( w ) csp , dcop , as well as optimization in stochastic variants such as the tasks of finding the most probable explanation ( mpe ) in belief networks . inference - based algorithms are powerful techniques for solving discrete optimizatio ←
→ stack - captioning : coarse - to - fine learning for image captioning ; the existing image captioning approaches typically train a one - stage sentence decoder , which is difficult to generate rich fine - grained descriptions . on the other hand , multi - stage image caption model is hard to train due to the vanishing gradient problem . in this paper , we propose a coarse - to - fine multi - stage prediction framework for image captioning , composed of multiple decoders each of which operates on the output of the previous stage , pr ←
→ bagging and boosting a treebank parser ; bagging and boosting , two effective machine learning techniques , are applied to natural language parsing . experiments using these techniques with a trainable statistical parser are described . the best resulting system provides roughly as large of a gain in f - measure as doubling the corpus size . error analysis of the result of the boosting technique reveals some inconsistent annotations in the penn treebank , suggesting a semi - automatic method for finding inconsistent ←
→ event search and analytics : detecting events in semantically annotated corpora for search and analytics ; in this article , i present the questions that i seek to answer in my phd research . i posit to analyze natural language text with the help of semantic annotations and mine important events for navigating large text corpora . semantic annotations such as named entities , geographic locations , and temporal expressions can help us mine events from the given corpora . these events thus provide us with useful ←
→ sparta - tracking across occlusions via global partitioning of 3d clouds of points ; any 3d tracking algorithm has to deal with occlusions : multiple targets get so close to each other that the loss of their identities becomes likely . in the best case scenario , trajectories are interrupted , thus curbing the completeness of the data - set ; in the worse case scenario , identity switches arise , potentially affecting in severe ways the very quality of the data . here , we present a novel tracking method that addres ←
→ video face matching using subset selection and clustering of probabilistic multi - region histograms ; balancing computational efficiency with recognition accuracy is one of the major challenges in real - world video - based face recognition . a significant design decision for any such system is whether to process and use all possible faces detected over the video frames , or whether to select only a few " best " faces . this paper presents a video face recognition system based on probabilistic multi - region histogra ←
→ set - valued dynamic treatment regimes for competing outcomes ; dynamic treatment regimes operationalize the clinical decision process as a sequence of functions , one for each clinical decision , where each function takes as input up - to - date patient information and gives as output a single recommended treatment . current methods for estimating optimal dynamic treatment regimes , for example q - learning , require the specification of a single outcome by which the ` goodness ' of competing dynamic treatment regimes ar ←
→ inferring strategies from limited reconnaissance in real - time strategy games ; in typical real - time strategy ( rts ) games , enemy units are visible only when they are within sight range of a friendly unit . knowledge of an opponent ' s disposition is limited to what can be observed through scouting . information is costly , since units dedicated to scouting are unavailable for other purposes , and the enemy will resist scouting attempts . it is important to infer as much as possible about the opponent ' s current an ←
→ learning to paraphrase : an unsupervised approach using multiple - sequence alignment ; we address the text - to - text generation problem of sentence - level paraphrasing -- a phenomenon distinct from and more difficult than word - or phrase - level paraphrasing . our approach applies multiple - sequence alignment to sentences gathered from unannotated comparable corpora : it learns a set of paraphrasing patterns represented by word lattice pairs and automatically determines how to apply these patterns to rewrite new se ←
→ accelerated mini - batch stochastic dual coordinate ascent ; stochastic dual coordinate ascent ( sdca ) is an effective technique for solving regularized loss minimization problems in machine learning . this paper considers an extension of sdca under the mini - batch setting that is often used in practice . our main contribution is to introduce an accelerated mini - batch version of sdca and prove a fast convergence rate for this method . we discuss an implementation of our method over a parallel computing system , and ←
→ an efficient search strategy for aggregation and discretization of attributes of bayesian networks using minimum description length ; bayesian networks are convenient graphical expressions for high dimensional probability distributions representing complex relationships between a large number of random variables . they have been employed extensively in areas such as bioinformatics , artificial intelligence , diagnosis , and risk management . the recovery of the structure of a network from data is of prime impo ←
→ learning identifiable gaussian bayesian networks in polynomial time and sample complexity ; learning the directed acyclic graph ( dag ) structure of a bayesian network from observational data is a notoriously difficult problem for which many hardness results are known . in this paper we propose a provably polynomial - time algorithm for learning sparse gaussian bayesian networks with equal noise variance --- a class of bayesian networks for which the dag structure can be uniquely identified from observational ←
→ post - regularization inference for time - varying nonparanormal graphical models ; we propose a novel class of time - varying nonparanormal graphical models , which allows us to model high dimensional heavy - tailed systems and the evolution of their latent network structures . under this model , we develop statistical tests for presence of edges both locally at a fixed index value and globally over a range of values . the tests are developed for a high - dimensional regime , are robust to model selection mistakes and ←
→ the price of bandit information in multiclass online classification ; we consider two scenarios of multiclass online learning of a hypothesis class $ h \ subseteq y ^ x $. in the {\ em full information } scenario , the learner is exposed to instances together with their labels . in the {\ em bandit } scenario , the true label is not exposed , but rather an indication whether the learner ' s prediction is correct or not . we show that the ratio between the error rates in the two scenarios is at most $ 8 \ cdot | y |\ cdot \ log (| y |)←
→ variational probabilistic inference and the qmr - dt network ; we describe a variational approximation method for efficient inference in large - scale probabilistic models . variational methods are deterministic procedures that provide approximations to marginal and conditional probabilities of interest . they provide alternatives to approximate inference methods based on stochastic sampling or search . we describe a variational approach to the problem of diagnostic inference in the ` quick medical reference ' ( qmr )←
→ boosting variational inference ; variational inference ( vi ) provides fast approximations of a bayesian posterior in part because it formulates posterior approximation as an optimization problem : to find the closest distribution to the exact posterior over some family of distributions . for practical reasons , the family of distributions in vi is usually constrained so that it does not include the exact posterior , even as a limit point . thus , no matter how long vi is run , the resulting approximation will not a ←
→ cross - domain face verification : matching id document and self - portrait photographs ; cross - domain biometrics has been emerging as a new necessity , which poses several additional challenges , including harsh illumination changes , noise , pose variation , among others . in this paper , we explore approaches to cross - domain face verification , comparing self - portrait photographs (" selfies ") to id documents . we approach the problem with proper image photometric adjustment and data standardization techniques , along ←
→ evolution of plastic learning in spiking networks via memristive connections ; this article presents a spiking neuroevolutionary system which implements memristors as plastic connections , i . e . whose weights can vary during a trial . the evolutionary design process exploits parameter self - adaptation and variable topologies , allowing the number of neurons , connection weights , and inter - neural connectivity pattern to emerge . by comparing two phenomenological real - world memristor implementations with networks ←
→ perspective alignment in spatial language ; it is well known that perspective alignment plays a major role in the planning and interpretation of spatial language . in order to understand the role of perspective alignment and the cognitive processes involved , we have made precise complete cognitive models of situated embodied agents that self - organise a communication system for dialoging about the position and movement of real world objects in their immediate surroundings . we show in a series of robotic exper ←
→ the visualization of change in word meaning over time using temporal word embeddings ; we describe a visualization tool that can be used to view the change in meaning of words over time . the tool makes use of existing ( static ) word embedding datasets together with a timestamped $ n $- gram corpus to create {\ em temporal } word embeddings .←
→ sense beyond expressions : cuteness ; with the development of internet culture , cuteness has become a popular concept . many people are curious about what factors making a person look cute . however , there is rare research to answer this interesting question . in this work , we construct a dataset of personal images with comprehensively annotated cuteness scores and facial attributes to investigate this high - level concept in depth . based on this dataset , through an automatic attributes mining process , we find se ←
→ ear - to - ear capture of facial intrinsics ; we present a practical approach to capturing ear - to - ear face models comprising both 3d meshes and intrinsic textures ( i . e . diffuse and specular albedo ). our approach is a hybrid of geometric and photometric methods and requires no geometric calibration . photometric measurements made in a lightstage are used to estimate view dependent high resolution normal maps . we overcome the problem of having a single photometric viewpoint by capturing in multiple poses . we use u ←
→ an empirical study of admm for nonconvex problems ; the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) is a common optimization tool for solving constrained and non - differentiable problems . we provide an empirical study of the practical performance of admm on several nonconvex applications , including l0 regularized linear regression , l0 regularized image denoising , phase retrieval , and eigenvector computation . our experiments suggest that admm performs well on a broad class of non - convex problems . moreo ←
→ extraction of facial feature points using cumulative histogram ; this paper proposes a novel adaptive algorithm to extract facial feature points automatically such as eyebrows corners , eyes corners , nostrils , nose tip , and mouth corners in frontal view faces , which is based on cumulative histogram approach by varying different threshold values . at first , the method adopts the viola - jones face detector to detect the location of face and also crops the face region in an image . from the concept of the human fa ←
→ the falling factorial basis and its statistical applications ; we study a novel spline - like basis , which we name the " falling factorial basis ", bearing many similarities to the classic truncated power basis . the advantage of the falling factorial basis is that it enables rapid , linear - time computations in basis matrix multiplication and basis matrix inversion . the falling factorial functions are not actually splines , but are close enough to splines that they provably retain some of the favorable properties ←
→ robust mission design through evidence theory and multi - agent collaborative search ; in this paper , the preliminary design of a space mission is approached introducing uncertainties on the design parameters and formulating the resulting reliable design problem as a multiobjective optimization problem . uncertainties are modelled through evidence theory and the belief , or credibility , in the successful achievement of mission goals is maximised along with the reliability of constraint satisfaction . the multi ←
→ spatiotemporal gabor filters : a new method for dynamic texture recognition ; this paper presents a new method for dynamic texture recognition based on spatiotemporal gabor filters . dynamic textures have emerged as a new field of investigation that extends the concept of self - similarity of texture image to the spatiotemporal domain . to model a dynamic texture , we convolve the sequence of images to a bank of spatiotemporal gabor filters . for each response , a feature vector is built by calculating the energy ←
→ outline colorization through tandem adversarial networks ; when creating digital art , coloring and shading are often time consuming tasks that follow the same general patterns . a solution to automatically colorize raw line art would have many practical applications . we propose a setup utilizing two networks in tandem : a color prediction network based only on outlines , and a shading network conditioned on both outlines and a color scheme . we present processing methods to limit information passed in the color ←
→ online updating of word representations for part - of - speech tagging ; we propose online unsupervised domain adaptation ( da ), which is performed incrementally as data comes in and is applicable when batch da is not possible . in a part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging evaluation , we find that online unsupervised da performs as well as batch da .←
→ efficient algorithms for robust recovery of images from compressed data ; compressed sensing ( cs ) is an important theory for sub - nyquist sampling and recovery of compressible data . recently , it has been extended by pham and venkatesh to cope with the case where corruption to the cs data is modeled as impulsive noise . the new formulation , termed as robust cs , combines robust statistics and cs into a single framework to suppress outliers in the cs recovery . to solve the newly formulated robust cs problem , pha ←
→ a criterion for parameter identification in structural equation models ; this paper deals with the problem of identifying direct causal effects in recursive linear structural equation models . the paper establishes a sufficient criterion for identifying individual causal effects and provides a procedure computing identified causal effects in terms of observed covariance matrix .←
→ photorealistic style transfer with screened poisson equation ; recent work has shown impressive success in transferring painterly style to images . these approaches , however , fall short of photorealistic style transfer . even when both the input and reference images are photographs , the output still exhibits distortions reminiscent of a painting . in this paper we propose an approach that takes as input a stylized image and makes it more photorealistic . it relies on the screened poisson equation , maintaining t ←
→ is a data - driven approach still better than random choice with naive bayes classifiers ? ; we study the performance of data - driven , a priori and random approaches to label space partitioning for multi - label classification with a gaussian naive bayes classifier . experiments were performed on 12 benchmark data sets and evaluated on 5 established measures of classification quality : micro and macro averaged f1 score , subset accuracy and hamming loss . data - driven methods are significantly better than an average ←
→ autonomous navigation by robust scan matching technique ; for effective autonomous navigation , estimation of the pose of the robot is essential at every sampling time . for computing an accurate estimation , odometric error needs to be reduced with the help of data from external sensor . in this work , a technique has been developed for accurate pose estimation of mobile robot by using laser range data . the technique is robust to noisy data , which may contain considerable amount of outliers . a grey image is forme ←
→ extracting keyword for disambiguating name based on the overlap principle ; name disambiguation has become one of the main themes in the semantic web agenda . the semantic web is an extension of the current web in which information is not only given well - defined meaning , but also has many purposes that contain the ambiguous naturally or a lot of thing came with the overlap , mainly deals with the persons name . therefore , we develop an approach to extract keywords from web snippet with utilizing the overlap ←
→ drug - drug interaction extraction from biomedical text using long short term memory network ; simultaneous administration of multiple drugs can have synergistic or antagonistic effects as one drug can affect activities of other drugs . synergistic effects lead to improved therapeutic outcomes , whereas , antagonistic effects can be life - threatening , may lead to increased healthcare cost , or may even cause death . thus identification of unknown drug - drug interaction ( ddi ) is an important concern for efficient a ←
→ the single machine total weighted tardiness problem - is it ( for metaheuristics ) a solved problem ? ; the article presents a study of rather simple local search heuristics for the single machine total weighted tardiness problem ( smtwtp ), namely hillclimbing and variable neighborhood search . in particular , we revisit these approaches for the smtwtp as there appears to be a lack of appropriate / challenging benchmark instances in this case . the obtained results are impressive indeed . only few instances remain ←
→ deep direct regression for multi - oriented scene text detection ; in this paper , we first provide a new perspective to divide existing high performance object detection methods into direct and indirect regressions . direct regression performs boundary regression by predicting the offsets from a given point , while indirect regression predicts the offsets from some bounding box proposals . then we analyze the drawbacks of the indirect regression , which the recent state - of - the - art detection structures like faster ←
→ telugu ocr framework using deep learning ; in this paper , we address the task of optical character recognition ( ocr ) for the telugu script . we present an end - to - end framework that segments the text image , classifies the characters and extracts lines using a language model . the segmentation is based on mathematical morphology . the classification module , which is the most challenging task of the three , is a deep convolutional neural network . the language is modelled as a third degree markov chain at the glyph ←
→ guaranteed bounds on the kullback - leibler divergence of univariate mixtures using piecewise log - sum - exp inequalities ; information - theoretic measures such as the entropy , cross - entropy and the kullback - leibler divergence between two mixture models is a core primitive in many signal processing tasks . since the kullback - leibler divergence of mixtures provably does not admit a closed - form formula , it is in practice either estimated using costly monte - carlo stochastic integration , approximated , or bounded usi ←
→ discrete gyrator transforms : computational algorithms and applications ; as an extension of the 2d fractional fourier transform ( frft ) and a special case of the 2d linear canonical transform ( lct ), the gyrator transform was introduced to produce rotations in twisted space / spatial - frequency planes . it is a useful tool in optics , signal processing and image processing . in this paper , we develop discrete gyrator transforms ( dgts ) based on the 2d lct . taking the advantage of the additivity property of the 2d lc ←
→ optimal sensor placement and enhanced sparsity for classification ; the goal of compressive sensing is efficient reconstruction of data from few measurements , sometimes leading to a categorical decision . if only classification is required , reconstruction can be circumvented and the measurements needed are orders - of - magnitude sparser still . we define enhanced sparsity as the reduction in number of measurements required for classification over reconstruction . in this work , we exploit enhanced sparsity and lea ←
→ towards practical conditional risk minimization ; we study conditional risk minimization ( crm ), i . e . the problem of learning a hypothesis of minimal risk for prediction at the next step of a sequentially arriving dependent data . despite it being a fundamental problem , successful learning in the crm sense has so far only been demonstrated using theoretical algorithms that cannot be used for real problems as they would require storing all incoming data . in this work , we introduce macro , a meta - algorithm for c ←
→ study on performance improvement of oil paint image filter algorithm using parallel pattern library ; this paper gives a detailed study on the performance of oil paint image filter algorithm with various parameters applied on an image of rgb model . oil paint image processing , being very performance hungry , current research tries to find improvement using parallel pattern library . with increasing kernel - size , the processing time of oil paint image filter algorithm increases exponentially .←
→ learning an invariant speech representation ; recognition of speech , and in particular the ability to generalize and learn from small sets of labelled examples like humans do , depends on an appropriate representation of the acoustic input . we formulate the problem of finding robust speech features for supervised learning with small sample complexity as a problem of learning representations of the signal that are maximally invariant to intraclass transformations and deformations . we propose an extension of a ←
→ complex matrix factorization for face recognition ; this work developed novel complex matrix factorization methods for face recognition ; the methods were complex matrix factorization ( cmf ), sparse complex matrix factorization ( spacmf ), and graph complex matrix factorization ( gracmf ). after real - valued data are transformed into a complex field , the complex - valued matrix will be decomposed into two matrices of bases and coefficients , which are derived from solutions to an optimization problem in a complex dom ←
→ rank - frequency relation for chinese characters ; we show that the zipf ' s law for chinese characters perfectly holds for sufficiently short texts ( few thousand different characters ). the scenario of its validity is similar to the zipf ' s law for words in short english texts . for long chinese texts ( or for mixtures of short chinese texts ), rank - frequency relations for chinese characters display a two - layer , hierarchic structure that combines a zipfian power - law regime for frequent characters ( first layer ) with ←
→ efficient monte carlo methods for multi - dimensional learning with classifier chains ; multi - dimensional classification ( mdc ) is the supervised learning problem where an instance is associated with multiple classes , rather than with a single class , as in traditional classification problems . since these classes are often strongly correlated , modeling the dependencies between them allows mdc methods to improve their performance - at the expense of an increased computational cost . in this paper we focus on th ←
→ time series structure discovery via probabilistic program synthesis ; there is a widespread need for techniques that can discover structure from time series data . recently introduced techniques such as automatic bayesian covariance discovery ( abcd ) provide a way to find structure within a single time series by searching through a space of covariance kernels that is generated using a simple grammar . while abcd can identify a broad class of temporal patterns , it is difficult to extend and can be brittle in pr ←
→ workshop notes of the 6th international workshop on acquisition , representation and reasoning about context with logic ( arcoe - logic 2014 ) ; arcoe - logic 2014 , the 6th international workshop on acquisition , representation and reasoning about context with logic , was held in co - location with the 19th international conference on knowledge engineering and knowledge management ( ekaw 2014 ) on november 25 , 2014 in link \" oping , sweden . these notes contain the five papers which were accepted and presented at the wor ←
→ in the saddle : chasing fast and repeatable features ; a novel similarity - covariant feature detector that extracts points whose neighbourhoods , when treated as a 3d intensity surface , have a saddle - like intensity profile . the saddle condition is verified efficiently by intensity comparisons on two concentric rings that must have exactly two dark - to - bright and two bright - to - dark transitions satisfying certain geometric constraints . experiments show that the saddle features are general , evenly spread and appea ←
→ a deep belief network based machine learning system for risky host detection ; to assure cyber security of an enterprise , typically siem ( security information and event management ) system is in place to normalize security event from different preventive technologies and flag alerts . analysts in the security operation center ( soc ) investigate the alerts to decide if it is truly malicious or not . however , generally the number of alerts is overwhelming with majority of them being false positive and exceeding ←
→ when unsupervised domain adaptation meets tensor representations ; domain adaption ( da ) allows machine learning methods trained on data sampled from one distribution to be applied to data sampled from another . it is thus of great practical importance to the application of such methods . despite the fact that tensor representations are widely used in computer vision to capture multi - linear relationships that affect the data , most existing da methods are applicable to vectors only . this renders them incapable ←
→ visually grounded word embeddings and richer visual features for improving multimodal neural machine translation ; in multimodal neural machine translation ( mnmt ), a neural model generates a translated sentence that describes an image , given the image itself and one source descriptions in english . this is considered as the multimodal image caption translation task . the images are processed with convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to extract visual features exploitable by the translation model . so far , the ←
→ distributed stochastic variance reduced gradient methods and a lower bound for communication complexity ; we study distributed optimization algorithms for minimizing the average of convex functions . the applications include empirical risk minimization problems in statistical machine learning where the datasets are large and have to be stored on different machines . we design a distributed stochastic variance reduced gradient algorithm that , under certain conditions on the condition number , simultaneously a ←
→ event - based information extraction for the biomedical domain : the caderige project ; this paper gives an overview of the caderige project . this project involves teams from different areas ( biology , machine learning , natural language processing ) in order to develop high - level analysis tools for extracting structured information from biological bibliographical databases , especially medline . the paper gives an overview of the approach and compares it to the state of the art .←
→ projection - free online learning ; the computational bottleneck in applying online learning to massive data sets is usually the projection step . we present efficient online learning algorithms that eschew projections in favor of much more efficient linear optimization steps using the frank - wolfe technique . we obtain a range of regret bounds for online convex optimization , with better bounds for specific cases such as stochastic online smooth convex optimization . besides the computational advantage , other d ←
→ convex approaches to model wavelet sparsity patterns ; statistical dependencies among wavelet coefficients are commonly represented by graphical models such as hidden markov trees ( hmts ). however , in linear inverse problems such as deconvolution , tomography , and compressed sensing , the presence of a sensing or observation matrix produces a linear mixing of the simple markovian dependency structure . this leads to reconstruction problems that are non - convex optimizations . past work has dealt with this issue by ←
→ sentiment expression via emoticons on social media ; emoticons ( e . g ., :) and :( ) have been widely used in sentiment analysis and other nlp tasks as features to ma - chine learning algorithms or as entries of sentiment lexicons . in this paper , we argue that while emoticons are strong and common signals of sentiment expression on social media the relationship between emoticons and sentiment polarity are not always clear . thus , any algorithm that deals with sentiment polarity should take emoticons into account ←
→ efficient discriminative nonorthogonal binary subspace with its application to visual tracking ; one of the crucial problems in visual tracking is how the object is represented . conventional appearance - based trackers are using increasingly more complex features in order to be robust . however , complex representations typically not only require more computation for feature extraction , but also make the state inference complicated . we show that with a careful feature selection scheme , extremely simple yet di ←
→ neural implementation of probabilistic models of cognition ; bayesian models of cognition hypothesize that human brains make sense of data by representing probability distributions and applying bayes ' rule to find the best explanation for available data . understanding the neural mechanisms underlying probabilistic models remains important because bayesian models provide a computational framework , rather than specifying mechanistic processes . here , we propose a deterministic neural - network model which estima ←
→ structured matrix recovery via the generalized dantzig selector ; in recent years , structured matrix recovery problems have gained considerable attention for its real world applications , such as recommender systems and computer vision . much of the existing work has focused on matrices with low - rank structure , and limited progress has been made matrices with other types of structure . in this paper we present non - asymptotic analysis for estimation of generally structured matrices via the generalized dantzig s ←
→ distributed preemption decisions : probabilistic graphical model , algorithm and near - optimality ; cooperative decision making is a vision of future network management and control . distributed connection preemption is an important example where nodes can make intelligent decisions on allocating resources and controlling traffic flows for multi - class service networks . a challenge is that nodal decisions are spatially dependent as traffic flows trespass multiple nodes in a network . hence the performance - compl ←
→ private disclosure of information in health tele - monitoring ; we present a novel framework , called private disclosure of information ( pdi ), which is aimed to prevent an adversary from inferring certain sensitive information about subjects using the data that they disclosed during communication with an intended recipient . we show cases where it is possible to achieve perfect privacy regardless of the adversary ' s auxiliary knowledge while preserving full utility of the information to the intended recipient an ←
→ mihash : online hashing with mutual information ; learning - based hashing methods are widely used for nearest neighbor retrieval , and recently , online hashing methods have demonstrated good performance - complexity trade - offs by learning hash functions from streaming data . in this paper , we first address a key challenge for online hashing : the binary codes for indexed data must be recomputed to keep pace with updates to the hash functions . we propose an efficient quality measure for hash functions , based on an ←
→ efficient branching cascaded regression for face alignment under significant head rotation ; despite much interest in face alignment in recent years , the large majority of work has focused on near - frontal faces . algorithms typically break down on profile faces , or are too slow for real - time applications . in this work we propose an efficient approach to face alignment that can handle 180 degrees of head rotation in a unified way ( e . g ., without resorting to view - based models ) using 2d training data . the fou ←
→ detection of denial of service attacks against domain name system using neural networks ; in this paper we introduce an intrusion detection system for denial of service ( dos ) attacks against domain name system ( dns ). our system architecture consists of two most important parts : a statistical preprocessor and a neural network classifier . the preprocessor extracts required statistical features in a shorttime frame from traffic received by the target name server . we compared three different neural networks f ←
→ gpu - based computation of 2d least median of squares with applications to fast and robust line detection ; the 2d least median of squares ( lms ) is a popular tool in robust regression because of its high breakdown point : up to half of the input data can be contaminated with outliers without affecting the accuracy of the lms estimator . the complexity of 2d lms estimation has been shown to be $\ omega ( n ^ 2 )$ where $ n $ is the total number of points . this high theoretical complexity along with the availability of ←
→ asymptotic model selection for directed networks with hidden variables ; we extend the bayesian information criterion ( bic ), an asymptotic approximation for the marginal likelihood , to bayesian networks with hidden variables . this approximation can be used to select models given large samples of data . the standard bic as well as our extension punishes the complexity of a model according to the dimension of its parameters . we argue that the dimension of a bayesian network with hidden variables is the rank of ←
→ predicting demographics of high - resolution geographies with geotagged tweets ; in this paper , we consider the problem of predicting demographics of geographic units given geotagged tweets that are composed within these units . traditional survey methods that offer demographics estimates are usually limited in terms of geographic resolution , geographic boundaries , and time intervals . thus , it would be highly useful to develop computational methods that can complement traditional survey methods by offering d ←
→ graph learning under sparsity priors ; graph signals offer a very generic and natural representation for data that lives on networks or irregular structures . the actual data structure is however often unknown a priori but can sometimes be estimated from the knowledge of the application domain . if this is not possible , the data structure has to be inferred from the mere signal observations . this is exactly the problem that we address in this paper , under the assumption that the graph signals can be represent ←
→ space efficiency of propositional knowledge representation formalisms ; we investigate the space efficiency of a propositional knowledge representation ( pkr ) formalism . intuitively , the space efficiency of a formalism f in representing a certain piece of knowledge a , is the size of the shortest formula of f that represents a . in this paper we assume that knowledge is either a set of propositional interpretations ( models ) or a set of propositional formulae ( theorems ). we provide a formal way of talking about ←
→ on the emergence of shortest paths by reinforced random walks ; the co - evolution between network structure and functional performance is a fundamental and challenging problem whose complexity emerges from the intrinsic interdependent nature of structure and function . within this context , we investigate the interplay between the efficiency of network navigation ( i . e ., path lengths ) and network structure ( i . e ., edge weights ). we propose a simple and tractable model based on iterative biased random walks where ←
→ learning amp chain graphs and some marginal models thereof under faithfulness : extended version ; this paper deals with chain graphs under the andersson - madigan - perlman ( amp ) interpretation . in particular , we present a constraint based algorithm for learning an amp chain graph a given probability distribution is faithful to . moreover , we show that the extension of meek ' s conjecture to amp chain graphs does not hold , which compromises the development of efficient and correct score + search learning algorithm ←
→ optimization of anemia treatment in hemodialysis patients via reinforcement learning ; objective : anemia is a frequent comorbidity in hemodialysis patients that can be successfully treated by administering erythropoiesis - stimulating agents ( esas ). esas dosing is currently based on clinical protocols that often do not account for the high inter - and intra - individual variability in the patient ' s response . as a result , the hemoglobin level of some patients oscillates around the target range , which is associa ←
→ overview of the nlpcc 2015 shared task : chinese word segmentation and pos tagging for micro - blog texts ; in this paper , we give an overview for the shared task at the 4th ccf conference on natural language processing \& chinese computing ( nlpcc 2015 ): chinese word segmentation and part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging for micro - blog texts . different with the popular used newswire datasets , the dataset of this shared task consists of the relatively informal micro - texts . the shared task has two sub - tasks : ( 1 ) indivi ←
→ a binary convolutional encoder - decoder network for real - time natural scene text processing ; in this paper , we develop a binary convolutional encoder - decoder network ( b - cednet ) for natural scene text processing ( nstp ). it converts a text image to a class - distinguished salience map that reveals the categorical , spatial and morphological information of characters . the existing solutions are either memory consuming or run - time consuming that cannot be applied to real - time applications on resource - constrained ←
→ adaptive graph convolutional neural networks ; graph convolutional neural networks ( graph cnns ) are generalizations of classical cnns to handle graph data such as molecular data , point could and social networks . current filters in graph cnns are built for fixed and shared graph structure . however , for most real data , the graph structures varies in both size and connectivity . the paper proposes a generalized and flexible graph cnn taking data of arbitrary graph structure as input . in that way a task - driven a ←
→ on improving local search for unsatisfiability ; stochastic local search ( sls ) has been an active field of research in the last few years , with new techniques and procedures being developed at an astonishing rate . sls has been traditionally associated with satisfiability solving , that is , finding a solution for a given problem instance , as its intrinsic nature does not address unsatisfiable problems . unsatisfiable instances were therefore commonly solved using backtrack search solvers . for this reason , in t ←
→ motion planning under partial observability using game - based abstraction ; we study motion planning problems where agents move inside environments that are not fully observable and subject to uncertainties . the goal is to compute a strategy for an agent that is guaranteed to satisfy certain safety and performance specifications . such problems are naturally modelled by partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ). because of the potentially huge or even infinite belief space of pomdps , verificatio ←
→ gland segmentation in histopathology images using random forest guided boundary construction ; grading of cancer is important to know the extent of its spread . prior to grading , segmentation of glandular structures is important . manual segmentation is a time consuming process and is subject to observer bias . hence , an automated process is required to segment the gland structures . these glands show a large variation in shape size and texture . this makes the task challenging as the glands cannot be segmente ←
→ automatic classification of bright retinal lesions via deep network features ; the diabetic retinopathy is timely diagonalized through color eye fundus images by experienced ophthalmologists , in order to recognize potential retinal features and identify early - blindness cases . in this paper , it is proposed to extract deep features from the last fully - connected layer of , four different , pre - trained convolutional neural networks . these features are then feeded into a non - linear classifier to discriminate thr ←
→ cross - modal learning via pairwise constraints ; in multimedia applications , the text and image components in a web document form a pairwise constraint that potentially indicates the same semantic concept . this paper studies cross - modal learning via the pairwise constraint , and aims to find the common structure hidden in different modalities . we first propose a compound regularization framework to deal with the pairwise constraint , which can be used as a general platform for developing cross - modal algorithms ←
→ cider : consensus - based image description evaluation ; automatically describing an image with a sentence is a long - standing challenge in computer vision and natural language processing . due to recent progress in object detection , attribute classification , action recognition , etc ., there is renewed interest in this area . however , evaluating the quality of descriptions has proven to be challenging . we propose a novel paradigm for evaluating image descriptions that uses human consensus . this paradigm consists o ←
→ sfsnet : learning shape , reflectance and illuminance of faces in the wild ; we present sfsnet , an end - to - end learning framework for producing an accurate decomposition of an unconstrained image of a human face into shape , reflectance and illuminance . our network is designed to reflect a physical lambertian rendering model . sfsnet learns from a mixture of labeled synthetic and unlabeled real world images . this allows the network to capture low frequency variations from synthetic images and high frequency d ←
→ max - pooling dropout for regularization of convolutional neural networks ; recently , dropout has seen increasing use in deep learning . for deep convolutional neural networks , dropout is known to work well in fully - connected layers . however , its effect in pooling layers is still not clear . this paper demonstrates that max - pooling dropout is equivalent to randomly picking activation based on a multinomial distribution at training time . in light of this insight , we advocate employing our proposed probabilistic ←
→ learning measurement models for unobserved variables ; observed associations in a database may be due in whole or part to variations in unrecorded ( latent ) variables . identifying such variables and their causal relationships with one another is a principal goal in many scientific and practical domains . previous work shows that , given a partition of observed variables such that members of a class share only a single latent common cause , standard search algorithms for causal bayes nets can infer structural re ←
→ scannet : richly - annotated 3d reconstructions of indoor scenes ; a key requirement for leveraging supervised deep learning methods is the availability of large , labeled datasets . unfortunately , in the context of rgb - d scene understanding , very little data is available -- current datasets cover a small range of scene views and have limited semantic annotations . to address this issue , we introduce scannet , an rgb - d video dataset containing 2 . 5m views in 1513 scenes annotated with 3d camera poses , surface recon ←
→ sign stable random projections for large - scale learning ; we study the use of " sign $\ alpha $- stable random projections " ( where $ 0 <\ alpha \ leq 2 $) for building basic data processing tools in the context of large - scale machine learning applications ( e . g ., classification , regression , clustering , and near - neighbor search ). after the processing by sign stable random projections , the inner products of the processed data approximate various types of nonlinear kernels depending on the value of $\ alpha $. thus , this a ←
→ adaptive joint learning of compositional and non - compositional phrase embeddings ; we present a novel method for jointly learning compositional and non - compositional phrase embeddings by adaptively weighting both types of embeddings using a compositionality scoring function . the scoring function is used to quantify the level of compositionality of each phrase , and the parameters of the function are jointly optimized with the objective for learning phrase embeddings . in experiments , we apply the adaptive j ←
→ constraint and mathematical programming models for integrated port container terminal operations ; this paper considers the integrated problem of quay crane assignment , quay crane scheduling , yard location assignment , and vehicle dispatching operations at a container terminal . the main objective is to minimize vessel turnover times and maximize the terminal throughput , which are key economic drivers in terminal operations . due to their computational complexities , these problems are not optimized jointly i ←
→ deep amortized inference for probabilistic programs ; probabilistic programming languages ( ppls ) are a powerful modeling tool , able to represent any computable probability distribution . unfortunately , probabilistic program inference is often intractable , and existing ppls mostly rely on expensive , approximate sampling - based methods . to alleviate this problem , one could try to learn from past inferences , so that future inferences run faster . this strategy is known as amortized inference ; it has recently been ←
→ speech dialogue with facial displays : multimodal human - computer conversation ; human face - to - face conversation is an ideal model for human - computer dialogue . one of the major features of face - to - face communication is its multiplicity of communication channels that act on multiple modalities . to realize a natural multimodal dialogue , it is necessary to study how humans perceive information and determine the information to which humans are sensitive . a face is an independent communication channel that conve ←
→ effective persistent homology of digital images ; in this paper , three computational topology methods ( namely effective homology , persistent homology and discrete vector fields ) are mixed together to produce algorithms for homological digital image processing . the algorithms have been implemented as extensions of the kenzo system and have shown a good performance when applied on some actual images extracted from a public dataset .←
→ liuboost : locality informed underboosting for imbalanced data classification ; the problem of class imbalance along with class - overlapping has become a major issue in the domain of supervised learning . most supervised learning algorithms assume equal cardinality of the classes under consideration while optimizing the cost function and this assumption does not hold true for imbalanced datasets which results in sub - optimal classification . therefore , various approaches , such as undersampling , oversampling , ←
→ a behavior - based approach for multi - agent q - learning for autonomous exploration ; the use of mobile robots is being popular over the world mainly for autonomous explorations in hazardous / toxic or unknown environments . this exploration will be more effective and efficient if the explorations in unknown environment can be aided with the learning from past experiences . currently reinforcement learning is getting more acceptances for implementing learning in robots from the system - environment interactions . t ←
→ semanticpaint : a framework for the interactive segmentation of 3d scenes ; we present an open - source , real - time implementation of semanticpaint , a system for geometric reconstruction , object - class segmentation and learning of 3d scenes . using our system , a user can walk into a room wearing a depth camera and a virtual reality headset , and both densely reconstruct the 3d scene and interactively segment the environment into object classes such as ' chair ', ' floor ' and ' table '. the user interacts physically wit ←
→ confidentiality - preserving data publishing for credulous users by extended abduction ; publishing private data on external servers incurs the problem of how to avoid unwanted disclosure of confidential data . we study a problem of confidentiality in extended disjunctive logic programs and show how it can be solved by extended abduction . in particular , we analyze how credulous non - monotonic reasoning affects confidentiality .←
→ construction of convex sets on quadrilateral ordered tiles or graphs with propagation neighborhood operations . dales , concavity structures . application to gray image analysis of human - readable shapes ; an effort has been made to show mathematicians some new ideas applied to image analysis . gray images are presented as tilings . based on topological properties of the tiling , a number of gray convex hulls : maximal , minimal , and oriented ones are constructed and some are proved . they are constructed with on ←
→ identity - sensitive word embedding through heterogeneous networks ; most existing word embedding approaches do not distinguish the same words in different contexts , therefore ignoring their contextual meanings . as a result , the learned embeddings of these words are usually a mixture of multiple meanings . in this paper , we acknowledge multiple identities of the same word in different contexts and learn the \ textbf { identity - sensitive } word embeddings . based on an identity - labeled text corpora , a heterogeneous ←
→ towards a continuous knowledge learning engine for chatbots ; although chatbots have been very popular in recent years , they still have some serious weaknesses which limit the scope of their applications . one major weakness is that they cannot learn new knowledge during the conversation process , i . e ., their knowledge is fixed beforehand and cannot be expanded or updated during conversation . in this paper , we propose to build a general knowledge learning engine for chatbots to enable them to continuously and ←
→ discrete mdl predicts in total variation ; the minimum description length ( mdl ) principle selects the model that has the shortest code for data plus model . we show that for a countable class of models , mdl predictions are close to the true distribution in a strong sense . the result is completely general . no independence , ergodicity , stationarity , identifiability , or other assumption on the model class need to be made . more formally , we show that for any countable class of models , the distributions selected ←
→ 3d convolutional neural networks for cross audio - visual matching recognition ; audio - visual recognition ( avr ) has been considered as a solution for speech recognition tasks when the audio is corrupted , as well as a visual recognition method used for speaker verification in multi - speaker scenarios . the approach of avr systems is to leverage the extracted information from one modality to improve the recognition ability of the other modality by complementing the missing information . the essential problem is ←
→ el lenguaje natural como lenguaje formal ; formal languages theory is useful for the study of natural language . in particular , it is of interest to study the adequacy of the grammatical formalisms to express syntactic phenomena present in natural language . first , it helps to draw hypothesis about the nature and complexity of the speaker - hearer linguistic competence , a fundamental question in linguistics and other cognitive sciences . moreover , from an engineering point of view , it allows the knowledge of pra ←
→ effects of limiting memory capacity on the behaviour of exemplar dynamics ; exemplar models are a popular class of models used to describe language change . here we study how limiting the memory capacity of an individual in these models affects the system ' s behaviour . in particular we demonstrate the effect this change has on the extinction of categories . previous work in exemplar dynamics has not addressed this question . in order to investigate this , we will inspect a simplified exemplar model . we will pr ←
→ a novel and robust evolution algorithm for optimizing complicated functions ; in this paper , a novel mutation operator of differential evolution algorithm is proposed . a new algorithm called divergence differential evolution algorithm ( ddea ) is developed by combining the new mutation operator with divergence operator and assimilation operator ( divergence operator divides population , and , assimilation operator combines population ), which can detect multiple solutions and robustness in noisy environment . th ←
→ gaussian mixture modeling with gaussian process latent variable models ; density modeling is notoriously difficult for high dimensional data . one approach to the problem is to search for a lower dimensional manifold which captures the main characteristics of the data . recently , the gaussian process latent variable model ( gplvm ) has successfully been used to find low dimensional manifolds in a variety of complex data . the gplvm consists of a set of points in a low dimensional latent space , and a stochastic m ←
→ turning cartwheels : an alternating algorithm for mining redescriptions ; we present an unusual algorithm involving classification trees where two trees are grown in opposite directions so that they are matched at their leaves . this approach finds application in a new data mining task we formulate , called " redescription mining ". a redescription is a shift - of - vocabulary , or a different way of communicating information about a given subset of data ; the goal of redescription mining is to find subsets of data th ←
→ deep directed generative models with energy - based probability estimation ; training energy - based probabilistic models is confronted with apparently intractable sums , whose monte carlo estimation requires sampling from the estimated probability distribution in the inner loop of training . this can be approximately achieved by markov chain monte carlo methods , but may still face a formidable obstacle that is the difficulty of mixing between modes with sharp concentrations of probability . whereas an mcmc proces ←
→ bayesian compression for deep learning ; compression and computational efficiency in deep learning have become a problem of great significance . in this work , we argue that the most principled and effective way to attack this problem is by adopting a bayesian point of view , where through sparsity inducing priors we prune large parts of the network . we introduce two novelties in this paper : 1 ) we use hierarchical priors to prune nodes instead of individual weights , and 2 ) we use the posterior uncertainties to ←
→ marta gans : unsupervised representation learning for remote sensing image classification ; with the development of deep learning , supervised learning has frequently been adopted to classify remotely sensed images using convolutional networks ( cnns ). however , due to the limited amount of labeled data available , supervised learning is often difficult to carry out . therefore , we proposed an unsupervised model called multiple - layer feature - matching generative adversarial networks ( marta gans ) to learn a repre ←
→ reflective visualization and verbalization of unconscious preference ; a new method is presented , that can help a person become aware of his or her unconscious preferences , and convey them to others in the form of verbal explanation . the method combines the concepts of reflection , visualization , and verbalization . the method was tested in an experiment where the unconscious preferences of the subjects for various artworks were investigated . in the experiment , two lessons were learned . the first is that it h ←
→ estimation from indirect supervision with linear moments ; in structured prediction problems where we have indirect supervision of the output , maximum marginal likelihood faces two computational obstacles : non - convexity of the objective and intractability of even a single gradient computation . in this paper , we bypass both obstacles for a class of what we call linear indirectly - supervised problems . our approach is simple : we solve a linear system to estimate sufficient statistics of the model , which we then ←
→ colour constancy : biologically - inspired contrast variant pooling mechanism ; pooling is a ubiquitous operation in image processing algorithms that allows for higher - level processes to collect relevant low - level features from a region of interest . currently , max - pooling is one of the most commonly used operators in the computational literature . however , it can lack robustness to outliers due to the fact that it relies merely on the peak of a function . pooling mechanisms are also present in the primate visu ←
→ distance - based camera network topology inference for person re - identification ; in this paper , we propose a novel distance - based camera network topology inference method for efficient person re - identification . to this end , we first calibrate each camera and estimate relative scales between cameras . using the calibration results of multiple cameras , we calculate the speed of each person and infer the distance between cameras to generate distance - based camera network topology . the proposed distance - based to ←
→ zero - bias autoencoders and the benefits of co - adapting features ; regularized training of an autoencoder typically results in hidden unit biases that take on large negative values . we show that negative biases are a natural result of using a hidden layer whose responsibility is to both represent the input data and act as a selection mechanism that ensures sparsity of the representation . we then show that negative biases impede the learning of data distributions whose intrinsic dimensionality is high . we als ←
→ the royal birth of 2013 : analysing and visualising public sentiment in the uk using twitter ; analysis of information retrieved from microblogging services such as twitter can provide valuable insight into public sentiment in a geographic region . this insight can be enriched by visualising information in its geographic context . two underlying approaches for sentiment analysis are dictionary - based and machine learning . the former is popular for public sentiment analysis , and the latter has found limited us ←
→ structured inference networks for nonlinear state space models ; gaussian state space models have been used for decades as generative models of sequential data . they admit an intuitive probabilistic interpretation , have a simple functional form , and enjoy widespread adoption . we introduce a unified algorithm to efficiently learn a broad class of linear and non - linear state space models , including variants where the emission and transition distributions are modeled by deep neural networks . our learning algor ←
→ adversarial learning of structure - aware fully convolutional networks for landmark localization ; landmark / pose estimation in single monocular images have received much effort in computer vision due to its important applications . it remains a challenging task when input images severe occlusions caused by , e . g ., adverse camera views . under such circumstances , biologically implausible pose predictions may be produced . in contrast , human vision is able to predict poses by exploiting geometric constraints of l ←
→ multi - channel parallel adaptation theory for rule discovery ; in this paper , we introduce a new machine learning theory based on multi - channel parallel adaptation for rule discovery . this theory is distinguished from the familiar parallel - distributed adaptation theory of neural networks in terms of channel - based convergence to the target rules . we show how to realize this theory in a learning system named cfrule . cfrule is a parallel weight - based model , but it departs from traditional neural computing in th ←
→ aggregated wasserstein metric and state registration for hidden markov models ; we propose a framework , named aggregated wasserstein , for computing a dissimilarity measure or distance between two hidden markov models with state conditional distributions being gaussian . for such hmms , the marginal distribution at any time position follows a gaussian mixture distribution , a fact exploited to softly match , aka register , the states in two hmms . we refer to such hmms as gaussian mixture model - hmm ( gmm - hmm ). th ←
→ bayesian identification of fixations , saccades , and smooth pursuits ; smooth pursuit eye movements provide meaningful insights and information on subject ' s behavior and health and may , in particular situations , disturb the performance of typical fixation / saccade classification algorithms . thus , an automatic and efficient algorithm to identify these eye movements is paramount for eye - tracking research involving dynamic stimuli . in this paper , we propose the bayesian decision theory identification ( i - bdt ) alg ←
→ low - rank matrix and tensor completion via adaptive sampling ; we study low rank matrix and tensor completion and propose novel algorithms that employ adaptive sampling schemes to obtain strong performance guarantees . our algorithms exploit adaptivity to identify entries that are highly informative for learning the column space of the matrix ( tensor ) and consequently , our results hold even when the row space is highly coherent , in contrast with previous analyses . in the absence of noise , we show that one can ←
→ simple , efficient , and neural algorithms for sparse coding ; sparse coding is a basic task in many fields including signal processing , neuroscience and machine learning where the goal is to learn a basis that enables a sparse representation of a given set of data , if one exists . its standard formulation is as a non - convex optimization problem which is solved in practice by heuristics based on alternating minimization . re - cent work has resulted in several algorithms for sparse coding with provable guarantee ←
→ detecting low - complexity unobserved causes ; we describe a method that infers whether statistical dependences between two observed variables x and y are due to a " direct " causal link or only due to a connecting causal path that contains an unobserved variable of low complexity , e . g ., a binary variable . this problem is motivated by statistical genetics . given a genetic marker that is correlated with a phenotype of interest , we want to detect whether this marker is causal or it only correlates with a causal o ←
→ leveraging semantic web search and browse sessions for multi - turn spoken dialog systems ; training statistical dialog models in spoken dialog systems ( sds ) requires large amounts of annotated data . the lack of scalable methods for data mining and annotation poses a significant hurdle for state - of - the - art statistical dialog managers . this paper presents an approach that directly leverage billions of web search and browse sessions to overcome this hurdle . the key insight is that task completion through web ←
→ on the effectiveness of feature set augmentation using clusters of word embeddings ; word clusters have been empirically shown to offer important performance improvements on various tasks . despite their importance , their incorporation in the standard pipeline of feature engineering relies more on a trial - and - error procedure where one evaluates several hyper - parameters , like the number of clusters to be used . in order to better understand the role of such features we systematically evaluate their effect on ←
→ a study of all - convolutional encoders for connectionist temporal classification ; connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) is a popular sequence prediction approach for automatic speech recognition that is typically used with models based on recurrent neural networks ( rnns ). we explore whether deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) can be used effectively instead of rnns as the " encoder " in ctc . cnns lack an explicit representation of the entire sequence , but have the advantage that they are much fa ←
→ particle filters in robotics ( invited talk ) ; this presentation will introduce the audience to a new , emerging body of research on sequential monte carlo techniques in robotics . in recent years , particle filters have solved several hard perceptual robotic problems . early successes were limited to low - dimensional problems , such as the problem of robot localization in environments with known maps . more recently , researchers have begun exploiting structural properties of robotic domains that have led to succes ←
→ unsupervised learning of spatiotemporally coherent metrics ; current state - of - the - art classification and detection algorithms rely on supervised training . in this work we study unsupervised feature learning in the context of temporally coherent video data . we focus on feature learning from unlabeled video data , using the assumption that adjacent video frames contain semantically similar information . this assumption is exploited to train a convolutional pooling auto - encoder regularized by slowness and sparsi ←
→ contractibility for open global constraints ; open forms of global constraints allow the addition of new variables to an argument during the execution of a constraint program . such forms are needed for difficult constraint programming problems where problem construction and problem solving are interleaved , and fit naturally within constraint logic programming . however , in general , filtering that is sound for a global constraint can be unsound when the constraint is open . this paper provides a simple charact ←
→ crowdsourcing ground truth for medical relation extraction ; cognitive computing systems require human labeled data for evaluation , and often for training . the standard practice used in gathering this data minimizes disagreement between annotators , and we have found this results in data that fails to account for the ambiguity inherent in language . we have proposed the crowdtruth method for collecting ground truth through crowdsourcing , that reconsiders the role of people in machine learning based on the obs ←
→ run , skeleton , run : skeletal model in a physics - based simulation ; in this paper , we present our approach to solve a physics - based reinforcement learning challenge " learning to run " with objective to train physiologically - based human model to navigate a complex obstacle course as quickly as possible . the environment is computationally expensive , has a high - dimensional continuous action space and is stochastic . we benchmark state of the art policy - gradient methods and test several improvements , such as layer ←
→ providing information can be a stable non - cooperative evolutionary strategy ; human language is still an embarrassment for evolutionary theory , as the speaker ' s benefit remains unclear . the willingness to communicate information is shown here to be an evolutionary stable strategy ( ess ), even if acquiring original information from the environment involves significant cost and communicating it provides no material benefit to addressees . in this study , communication is used to advertise the emitter ' s ability ←
→ scalable kernel k - means clustering with nystrom approximation : relative - error bounds ; kernel $ k $- means clustering can correctly identify and extract a far more varied collection of cluster structures than the linear $ k $- means clustering algorithm . however , kernel $ k $- means clustering is computationally expensive when the non - linear feature map is high - dimensional and there are many input points . kernel approximation , e . g ., the nystr \" om method , has been applied in previous works to approximately solve ←
→ phase conductor on multi - layered attentions for machine comprehension ; attention models have been intensively studied to improve nlp tasks such as machine comprehension via both question - aware passage attention model and self - matching attention model . our research proposes phase conductor ( phasecond ) for attention models in two meaningful ways . first , phasecond , an architecture of multi - layered attention models , consists of multiple phases each implementing a stack of attention layers producing passage rep ←
→ temporal decision trees : model - based diagnosis of dynamic systems on - board ; the automatic generation of decision trees based on off - line reasoning on models of a domain is a reasonable compromise between the advantages of using a model - based approach in technical domains and the constraints imposed by embedded applications . in this paper we extend the approach to deal with temporal information . we introduce a notion of temporal decision tree , which is designed to make use of relevant information as long ←
→ online algorithms for parameter mean and variance estimation in dynamic regression models ; we study the problem of estimating the parameters of a regression model from a set of observations , each consisting of a response and a predictor . the response is assumed to be related to the predictor via a regression model of unknown parameters . often , in such models the parameters to be estimated are assumed to be constant . here we consider the more general scenario where the parameters are allowed to evolve ove ←
→ a deep cascade of convolutional neural networks for mr image reconstruction ; the acquisition of magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) is inherently slow . inspired by recent advances in deep learning , we propose a framework for reconstructing mr images from undersampled data using a deep cascade of convolutional neural networks to accelerate the data acquisition process . we show that for cartesian undersampling of 2d cardiac mr images , the proposed method outperforms the state - of - the - art compressed sensing app ←
→ neural semantic parsing by character - based translation : experiments with abstract meaning representations ; we evaluate the character - level translation method for neural semantic parsing on a large corpus of sentences annotated with abstract meaning representations ( amrs ). using a sequence - to - sequence model , and some trivial preprocessing and postprocessing of amrs , we obtain a baseline accuracy of 53 . 1 ( f - score on amr - triples ). we examine five different approaches to improve this baseline result : ( i ) reo ←
→ training process reduction based on potential weights linear analysis to accelarate back propagation network ; learning is the important property of back propagation network ( bpn ) and finding the suitable weights and thresholds during training in order to improve training time as well as achieve high accuracy . currently , data pre - processing such as dimension reduction input values and pre - training are the contributing factors in developing efficient techniques for reducing training time with high accuracy ←
→ ranking via sinkhorn propagation ; it is of increasing importance to develop learning methods for ranking . in contrast to many learning objectives , however , the ranking problem presents difficulties due to the fact that the space of permutations is not smooth . in this paper , we examine the class of rank - linear objective functions , which includes popular metrics such as precision and discounted cumulative gain . in particular , we observe that expectations of these gains are completely characterized by the mar ←
→ energy - efficient object detection using semantic decomposition ; machine - learning algorithms offer immense possibilities in the development of several cognitive applications . in fact , large scale machine - learning classifiers now represent the state - of - the - art in a wide range of object detection / classification problems . however , the network complexities of large - scale classifiers present them as one of the most challenging and energy intensive workloads across the computing spectrum . in this paper , we presen ←
→ self - learning camera : autonomous adaptation of object detectors to unlabeled video streams ; learning object detectors requires massive amounts of labeled training samples from the specific data source of interest . this is impractical when dealing with many different sources ( e . g ., in camera networks ), or constantly changing ones such as mobile cameras ( e . g ., in robotics or driving assistant systems ). in this paper , we address the problem of self - learning detectors in an autonomous manner , i . e . ( i ) detect ←
→ rare speed - up in automatic theorem proving reveals tradeoff between computational time and information value ; we show that strategies implemented in automatic theorem proving involve an interesting tradeoff between execution speed , proving speedup / computational time and usefulness of information . we advance formal definitions for these concepts by way of a notion of normality related to an expected ( optimal ) theoretical speedup when adding useful information ( other theorems as axioms ), as compared with a ←
→ transforming graph representations for statistical relational learning ; relational data representations have become an increasingly important topic due to the recent proliferation of network datasets ( e . g ., social , biological , information networks ) and a corresponding increase in the application of statistical relational learning ( srl ) algorithms to these domains . in this article , we examine a range of representation issues for graph - based relational data . since the choice of relational data representation ←
→ development of a real - time colorectal tumor classification system for narrow - band imaging zoom - videoendoscopy ; colorectal endoscopy is important for the early detection and treatment of colorectal cancer and is used worldwide . a computer - aided diagnosis ( cad ) system that provides an objective measure to endoscopists during colorectal endoscopic examinations would be of great value . in this study , we describe a newly developed cad system that provides real - time objective measures . our system captures the ←
→ recurrent neural networks for driver activity anticipation via sensory - fusion architecture ; anticipating the future actions of a human is a widely studied problem in robotics that requires spatio - temporal reasoning . in this work we propose a deep learning approach for anticipation in sensory - rich robotics applications . we introduce a sensory - fusion architecture which jointly learns to anticipate and fuse information from multiple sensory streams . our architecture consists of recurrent neural networks ( rn ←
→ towards label imbalance in multi - label classification with many labels ; in multi - label classification , an instance may be associated with a set of labels simultaneously . recently , the research on multi - label classification has largely shifted its focus to the other end of the spectrum where the number of labels is assumed to be extremely large . the existing works focus on how to design scalable algorithms that offer fast training procedures and have a small memory footprint . however they ignore and even co ←
→ crowdnet : a deep convolutional network for dense crowd counting ; our work proposes a novel deep learning framework for estimating crowd density from static images of highly dense crowds . we use a combination of deep and shallow , fully convolutional networks to predict the density map for a given crowd image . such a combination is used for effectively capturing both the high - level semantic information ( face / body detectors ) and the low - level features ( blob detectors ), that are necessary for crowd counting un ←
→ brain eeg time series selection : a novel graph - based approach for classification ; brain electroencephalography ( eeg ) classification is widely applied to analyze cerebral diseases in recent years . unfortunately , invalid / noisy eegs degrade the diagnosis performance and most previously developed methods ignore the necessity of eeg selection for classification . to this end , this paper proposes a novel maximum weight clique - based eeg selection approach , named mwceegs , to map eeg selection to searching maximum ←
→ an alternative view : when does sgd escape local minima ? ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is widely used in machine learning . although being commonly viewed as a fast but not accurate version of gradient descent ( gd ), it always finds better solutions than gd for modern neural networks . in order to understand this phenomenon , we take an alternative view that sgd is working on the convolved ( thus smoothed ) version of the loss function . we show that , even if the function $ f $ has many bad local minima or sa ←
→ strong faithfulness and uniform consistency in causal inference ; a fundamental question in causal inference is whether it is possible to reliably infer manipulation effects from observational data . there are a variety of senses of asymptotic reliability in the statistical literature , among which the most commonly discussed frequentist notions are pointwise consistency and uniform consistency . uniform consistency is in general preferred to pointwise consistency because the former allows us to control the wo ←
→ bayesian modeling with gaussian processes using the gpstuff toolbox ; gaussian processes ( gp ) are powerful tools for probabilistic modeling purposes . they can be used to define prior distributions over latent functions in hierarchical bayesian models . the prior over functions is defined implicitly by the mean and covariance function , which determine the smoothness and variability of the function . the inference can then be conducted directly in the function space by evaluating or approximating the posterior ←
→ moo : a methodology for online optimization through mining the offline optimum ; ports , warehouses and courier services have to decide online how an arriving task is to be served in order that cost is minimized ( or profit maximized ). these operators have a wealth of historical data on task assignments ; can these data be mined for knowledge or rules that can help the decision - making ? moo is a novel application of data mining to online optimization . the idea is to mine ( logged ) expert decisions or the offl ←
→ towards instance segmentation with object priority : prominent object detection and recognition ; this manuscript introduces the problem of prominent object detection and recognition inspired by the fact that human seems to priorities perception of scene elements . the problem deals with finding the most important region of interest , segmenting the relevant item / object in that area , and assigning it an object class label . in other words , we are solving the three problems of saliency modeling , saliency detec ←
→ mapping multilingual hierarchies using relaxation labeling ; this paper explores the automatic construction of a multilingual lexical knowledge base from pre - existing lexical resources . we present a new and robust approach for linking already existing lexical / semantic hierarchies . we used a constraint satisfaction algorithm ( relaxation labeling ) to select -- among all the candidate translations proposed by a bilingual dictionary -- the right english wordnet synset for each sense in a taxonomy automatically de ←
→ combination of hidden markov random field and conjugate gradient for brain image segmentation ; image segmentation is the process of partitioning the image into significant regions easier to analyze . nowadays , segmentation has become a necessity in many practical medical imaging methods as locating tumors and diseases . hidden markov random field model is one of several techniques used in image segmentation . it provides an elegant way to model the segmentation process . this modeling leads to the minimizati ←
→ phase - shifting separable haar wavelets and applications ; this paper presents a new approach for tackling the shift - invariance problem in the discrete haar domain , without trading off any of its desirable properties , such as compression , separability , orthogonality , and symmetry . the paper presents several key theoretical contributions . first , we derive closed form expressions for phase shifting in the haar domain both in partially decimated and fully decimated transforms . second , it is shown that the wavel ←
→ local water diffusion phenomenon clustering from high angular resolution diffusion imaging ( hardi ) ; the understanding of neurodegenerative diseases undoubtedly passes through the study of human brain white matter fiber tracts . to date , diffusion magnetic resonance imaging ( dmri ) is the unique technique to obtain information about the neural architecture of the human brain , thus permitting the study of white matter connections and their integrity . however , a remaining challenge of the dmri community is to ←
→ graded unification : a framework for interactive processing ; an extension to classical unification , called {\ em graded unification } is presented . it is capable of combining contradictory information . an interactive processing paradigm and parser based on this new operator are also presented .←
→ an application of the generalized rectangular fuzzy model to critical thinking assessment ; the authors apply the generalized rectangular model to assessing critical thinking skills and its relations with their language competency .←
→ social learning methods in board games ; this paper discusses the effects of social learning in training of game playing agents . the training of agents in a social context instead of a self - play environment is investigated . agents that use the reinforcement learning algorithms are trained in social settings . this mimics the way in which players of board games such as scrabble and chess mentor each other in their clubs . a round robin tournament and a modified swiss tournament setting are used for the trainin ←
→ an interactive fuzzy goal programming algorithm to solve decentralized bi - level multiobjective fractional programming problem ; this paper proposes a fuzzy goal programming based on taylor series for solving decentralized bi - level multiobjective fractional programming ( dblmofp ) problem . in the proposed approach , all of the membership functions are associated with the fuzzy goals of each objective at the both levels and also the fractional membership functions are converted to linear functions using the ta ←
→ sliding dictionary based sparse representation for action recognition ; the task of action recognition has been in the forefront of research , given its applications in gaming , surveillance and health care . in this work , we propose a simple , yet very effective approach which works seamlessly for both offline and online action recognition using the skeletal joints . we construct a sliding dictionary which has the training data along with their time stamps . this is used to compute the sparse coefficients of the ←
→ a fast and effective local search algorithm for optimizing the placement of wind turbines ; the placement of wind turbines on a given area of land such that the wind farm produces a maximum amount of energy is a challenging optimization problem . in this article , we tackle this problem , taking into account wake effects that are produced by the different turbines on the wind farm . we significantly improve upon existing results for the minimization of wake effects by developing a new problem - specific local s ←
→ variance - reduced stochastic learning under random reshuffling ; several useful variance - reduced stochastic gradient algorithms , such as svrg , saga , finito , and sag , have been proposed to minimize empirical risks with linear convergence properties to the exact minimizer . the existing convergence results assume uniform data sampling with replacement . however , it has been observed in related works that random reshuffling can deliver superior performance over uniform sampling and , yet , no formal proofs or guara ←
→ auto - pooling : learning to improve invariance of image features from image sequences ; learning invariant representations from images is one of the hardest challenges facing computer vision . spatial pooling is widely used to create invariance to spatial shifting , but it is restricted to convolutional models . in this paper , we propose a novel pooling method that can learn soft clustering of features from image sequences . it is trained to improve the temporal coherence of features , while keeping the informat ←
→ dealing with logical omniscience : expressiveness and pragmatics ; we examine four approaches for dealing with the logical omniscience problem and their potential applicability : the syntactic approach , awareness , algorithmic knowledge , and impossible possible worlds . although in some settings these approaches are equi - expressive and can capture all epistemic states , in other settings of interest ( especially with probability in the picture ), we show that they are not equi - expressive . we then consider the prag ←
→ twist your logic with touist ; sat provers are powerful tools for solving real - sized logic problems , but using them requires solid programming knowledge and may be seen w . r . t .\ logic like assembly language w . r . t .\ programming . something like a high level language was missing to ease various users to take benefit of these tools . {\ sc \ texttt { touist }}\ aims at filling this gap . it is devoted to propositional logic and its main features are 1 ) to offer a high - level logic langage for expressing succintly compl ←
→ hand pointing detection using live histogram template of forehead skin ; hand pointing detection has multiple applications in many fields such as virtual reality and control devices in smart homes . in this paper , we proposed a novel approach to detect pointing vector in 2d space of a room . after background subtraction , face and forehead is detected . in the second step , forehead skin h - s plane histograms in hsv space is calculated . by using these histogram templates of users skin , and back projection method ,←
→ safe policy improvement by minimizing robust baseline regret ; an important problem in sequential decision - making under uncertainty is to use limited data to compute a safe policy , i . e ., a policy that is guaranteed to perform at least as well as a given baseline strategy . in this paper , we develop and analyze a new model - based approach to compute a safe policy when we have access to an inaccurate dynamics model of the system with known accuracy guarantees . our proposed robust method uses this ( inaccurate ) m ←
→ 4d crop monitoring : spatio - temporal reconstruction for agriculture ; autonomous crop monitoring at high spatial and temporal resolution is a critical problem in precision agriculture . while structure from motion and multi - view stereo algorithms can finely reconstruct the 3d structure of a field with low - cost image sensors , these algorithms fail to capture the dynamic nature of continuously growing crops . in this paper we propose a 4d reconstruction approach to crop monitoring , which employs a spatio - tempora ←
→ find the conversation killers : a predictive study of thread - ending posts ; how to improve the quality of conversations in online communities has attracted considerable attention recently . having engaged , urbane , and reactive online conversations has a critical effect on the social life of internet users . in this study , we are particularly interested in identifying a post in a multi - party conversation that is unlikely to be further replied to , which therefore kills that thread of the conversation . for this p ←
→ tree projections and constraint optimization problems : fixed - parameter tractability and parallel algorithms ; tree projections provide a unifying framework to deal with most structural decomposition methods of constraint satisfaction problems ( csps ). within this framework , a csp instance is decomposed into a number of sub - problems , called views , whose solutions are either already available or can be computed efficiently . the goal is to arrange portions of these views in a tree - like structure , called tree ←
→ generating natural questions about an image ; there has been an explosion of work in the vision & language community during the past few years from image captioning to video transcription , and answering questions about images . these tasks have focused on literal descriptions of the image . to move beyond the literal , we choose to explore how questions about an image are often directed at commonsense inference and the abstract events evoked by objects in the image . in this paper , we introduce the novel task o ←
→ a phase - sensitive method for filtering on the sphere ; this paper examines filtering on a sphere , by first examining the roles of spherical harmonic magnitude and phase . we show that phase is more important than magnitude in determining the structure of a spherical function . we examine the properties of linear phase shifts in the spherical harmonic domain , which suggest a mechanism for constructing finite - impulse - response ( fir ) filters . we show that those filters have desirable properties , such as being ass ←
→ convergent message - passing algorithms for inference over general graphs with convex free energies ; inference problems in graphical models can be represented as a constrained optimization of a free energy function . it is known that when the bethe free energy is used , the fixedpoints of the belief propagation ( bp ) algorithm correspond to the local minima of the free energy . however bp fails to converge in many cases of interest . moreover , the bethe free energy is non - convex for graphical models with cycles ←
→ differentially private distributed learning for language modeling tasks ; one of the big challenges in machine learning applications is that training data can be different from the real - world data faced by the algorithm . in language modeling , users ' language ( e . g . in private messaging ) could change in a year and be completely different from what we observe in publicly available data . at the same time , public data can be used for obtaining general knowledge ( i . e . general model of english ). we study approache ←
→ a general characterization of the statistical query complexity ; statistical query ( sq ) algorithms are algorithms that have access to an {\ em sq oracle } for the input distribution $ d $ instead of i . i . d .~ samples from $ d $. given a query function $\ phi : x \ rightarrow [- 1 , 1 ]$, the oracle returns an estimate of ${\ bf e } _ { x \ sim d }[\ phi ( x )]$ within some tolerance $\ tau_ \ phi $ that roughly corresponds to the number of samples . in this work we demonstrate that the complexity of solving general problems over distrib ←
→ online stochastic linear optimization under one - bit feedback ; in this paper , we study a special bandit setting of online stochastic linear optimization , where only one - bit of information is revealed to the learner at each round . this problem has found many applications including online advertisement and online recommendation . we assume the binary feedback is a random variable generated from the logit model , and aim to minimize the regret defined by the unknown linear function . although the existing method ←
→ a note on information - directed sampling and thompson sampling ; this note introduce three bayesian style multi - armed bandit algorithms : information - directed sampling , thompson sampling and generalized thompson sampling . the goal is to give an intuitive explanation for these three algorithms and their regret bounds , and provide some derivations that are omitted in the original papers .←
→ online optimization and regret guarantees for non - additive long - term constraints ; we consider online optimization in the 1 - lookahead setting , where the objective does not decompose additively over the rounds of the online game . the resulting formulation enables us to deal with non - stationary and / or long - term constraints , which arise , for example , in online display advertising problems . we propose an on - line primal - dual algorithm for which we obtain dynamic cumulative regret guarantees . they depend on th ←
→ a closed - form solution to photorealistic image stylization ; photorealistic image style transfer algorithms aim at stylizing a content photo using the style of a reference photo with the constraint that the stylized photo should remains photorealistic . while several methods exist for this task , they tend to generate spatially inconsistent stylizations with noticeable artifacts . in addition , these methods are computationally expensive , requiring several minutes to stylize a vga photo . in this paper , we prese ←
→ parsing as reduction ; we reduce phrase - representation parsing to dependency parsing . our reduction is grounded on a new intermediate representation , " head - ordered dependency trees ", shown to be isomorphic to constituent trees . by encoding order information in the dependency labels , we show that any off - the - shelf , trainable dependency parser can be used to produce constituents . when this parser is non - projective , we can perform discontinuous parsing in a very natural manner . despite the simplicity of our ap ←
→ kernel regression with sparse metric learning ; kernel regression is a popular non - parametric fitting technique . it aims at learning a function which estimates the targets for test inputs as precise as possible . generally , the function value for a test input is estimated by a weighted average of the surrounding training examples . the weights are typically computed by a distance - based kernel function and they strongly depend on the distances between examples . in this paper , we first review the latest develop ←
→ learn : learned experts ' assessment - based reconstruction network for sparse - data ct ; compressive sensing ( cs ) has proved effective for tomographic reconstruction from sparsely collected data or under - sampled measurements , which are practically important for few - view ct , tomosynthesis , interior tomography , and so on . to perform sparse - data ct , the iterative reconstruction commonly use regularizers in the cs framework . currently , how to choose the parameters adaptively for regularization is a major open pro ←
→ building competitive direct acoustics - to - word models for english conversational speech recognition ; direct acoustics - to - word ( a2w ) models in the end - to - end paradigm have received increasing attention compared to conventional sub - word based automatic speech recognition models using phones , characters , or context - dependent hidden markov model states . this is because a2w models recognize words from speech without any decoder , pronunciation lexicon , or externally - trained language model , making training and d ←
→ representing bayesian networks within probabilistic horn abduction ; this paper presents a simple framework for horn clause abduction , with probabilities associated with hypotheses . it is shown how this representation can represent any probabilistic knowledge representable in a bayesian belief network . the main contributions are in finding a relationship between logical and probabilistic notions of evidential reasoning . this can be used as a basis for a new way to implement bayesian networks that allows for ←
→ lexically constrained decoding for sequence generation using grid beam search ; we present grid beam search ( gbs ), an algorithm which extends beam search to allow the inclusion of pre - specified lexical constraints . the algorithm can be used with any model that generates a sequence $ \ mathbf {\ hat { y }} = \{ y_ { 0 }\ ldots y_ { t }\} $, by maximizing $ p (\ mathbf { y } | \ mathbf { x }) = \ prod \ limits_ { t } p ( y_ { t } | \ mathbf { x }; \{ y_ { 0 } \ ldots y_ { t - 1 }\}) $. lexical constraints take the form of phrases or words that must be pre ←
→ learning with symmetric label noise : the importance of being unhinged ; convex potential minimisation is the de facto approach to binary classification . however , long and servedio [ 2010 ] proved that under symmetric label noise ( sln ), minimisation of any convex potential over a linear function class can result in classification performance equivalent to random guessing . this ostensibly shows that convex losses are not sln - robust . in this paper , we propose a convex , classification - calibrated loss and prove th ←
→ context - aware mobility management in hetnets : a reinforcement learning approach ; the use of small cell deployments in heterogeneous network ( hetnet ) environments is expected to be a key feature of 4g networks and beyond , and essential for providing higher user throughput and cell - edge coverage . however , due to different coverage sizes of macro and pico base stations ( bss ), such a paradigm shift introduces additional requirements and challenges in dense networks . among these challenges is the handover per ←
→ joint image filtering with deep convolutional networks ; joint image filters leverage the guidance image as a prior and transfer the structural details from the guidance image to the target image for suppressing noise or enhancing spatial resolution . existing methods either rely on various explicit filter constructions or hand - designed objective functions , thereby making it difficult to understand , improve , and accelerate these filters in a coherent framework . in this paper , we propose a learning - based appr ←
→ propagation via kernelization : the vertex cover constraint ; the technique of kernelization consists in extracting , from an instance of a problem , an essentially equivalent instance whose size is bounded in a parameter k . besides being the basis for efficient param - eterized algorithms , this method also provides a wealth of information to reason about in the context of constraint programming . we study the use of kernelization for designing propagators through the example of the vertex cover constraint . since ←
→ clustering approach towards image segmentation : an analytical study ; image processing is an important research area in computer vision . image segmentation plays the vital rule in image processing research . there exist so many methods for image segmentation . clustering is an unsupervised study . clustering can also be used for image segmentation . in this paper , an in - depth study is done on different clustering techniques that can be used for image segmentation with their pros and cons . an experiment for colo ←
→ image patch matching using convolutional descriptors with euclidean distance ; in this work we propose a neural network based image descriptor suitable for image patch matching , which is an important task in many computer vision applications . our approach is influenced by recent success of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) in object detection and classification tasks . we develop a model which maps the raw input patch to a low dimensional feature vector so that the distance between representations ←
→ out - of - sample generalizations for supervised manifold learning for classification ; supervised manifold learning methods for data classification map data samples residing in a high - dimensional ambient space to a lower - dimensional domain in a structure - preserving way , while enhancing the separation between different classes in the learned embedding . most nonlinear supervised manifold learning methods compute the embedding of the manifolds only at the initially available training points , while the generaliz ←
→ plausibility and probability in deductive reasoning ; we consider the problem of rational uncertainty about unproven mathematical statements , which g \" odel and others have remarked on . using bayesian - inspired arguments we build a normative model of fair bets under deductive uncertainty which draws from both probability and the theory of algorithms . we comment on connections to zeilberger ' s notion of " semi - rigorous proofs ", particularly that inherent subjectivity is an obstacle .←
→ echoes of persuasion : the effect of euphony in persuasive communication ; while the effect of various lexical , syntactic , semantic and stylistic features have been addressed in persuasive language from a computational point of view , the persuasive effect of phonetics has received little attention . by modeling a notion of euphony and analyzing four datasets comprising persuasive and non - persuasive sentences in different domains ( political speeches , movie quotes , slogans and tweets ), we explore the impact of ←
→ hierarchical structure - and - motion recovery from uncalibrated images ; this paper addresses the structure - and - motion problem , that requires to find camera motion and 3d struc - ture from point matches . a new pipeline , dubbed samantha , is presented , that departs from the prevailing sequential paradigm and embraces instead a hierarchical approach . this method has several advantages , like a provably lower computational complexity , which is necessary to achieve true scalability , and better error containment , lead ←
→ generative one - class models for text - based person retrieval in forensic applications ; automatic forensic image analysis assists criminal investigation experts in the search for suspicious persons , abnormal behaviors detection and identity matching in images . in this paper we propose a person retrieval system that uses textual queries ( e . g ., " black trousers and green shirt ") as descriptions and a one - class generative color model with outlier filtering to represent the images both to train the models and t ←
→ facial transformations of ancient portraits : the face of caesar ; some software solutions used to obtain the facial transformations can help investigating the artistic metamorphosis of the ancient portraits of the same person . an analysis with a freely available software of portraitures of julius caesar is proposed , showing his several " morphs ". the software helps enhancing the mood the artist added to a portrait .←
→ deep convolutional denoising of low - light images ; poisson distribution is used for modeling noise in photon - limited imaging . while canonical examples include relatively exotic types of sensing like spectral imaging or astronomy , the problem is relevant to regular photography now more than ever due to the booming market for mobile cameras . restricted form factor limits the amount of absorbed light , thus computational post - processing is called for . in this paper , we make use of the powerful framework of deep ←
→ moneybarl : exploiting pitcher decision - making using reinforcement learning ; this manuscript uses machine learning techniques to exploit baseball pitchers ' decision making , so - called " baseball iq ," by modeling the at - bat information , pitch selection and counts , as a markov decision process ( mdp ). each state of the mdp models the pitcher ' s current pitch selection in a markovian fashion , conditional on the information immediately prior to making the current pitch . this includes the count prior to the previo ←
→ function - described graphs for structural pattern recognition ; we present in this article the model function - described graph ( fdg ), which is a type of compact representation of a set of attributed graphs ( ags ) that borrow from random graphs the capability of probabilistic modelling of structural and attribute information . we define the fdgs , their features and two distance measures between ags ( unclassified patterns ) and fdgs ( models or classes ) and we also explain an efficient matching algorithm . two appli ←
→ local identifiability of $ l_1 $- minimization dictionary learning : a sufficient and almost necessary condition ; we study the theoretical properties of learning a dictionary from $ n $ signals $\ mathbf x_i \ in \ mathbb r ^ k $ for $ i = 1 ,..., n $ via $ l_1 $- minimization . we assume that $\ mathbf x_i $' s are $ i . i . d .$ random linear combinations of the $ k $ columns from a complete ( i . e ., square and invertible ) reference dictionary $\ mathbf d_0 \ in \ mathbb r ^{ k \ times k }$. here , the random linear coefficients are generated fro ←
→ a neural parametric singing synthesizer ; we present a new model for singing synthesis based on a modified version of the wavenet architecture . instead of modeling raw waveform , we model features produced by a parametric vocoder that separates the influence of pitch and timbre . this allows conveniently modifying pitch to match any target melody , facilitates training on more modest dataset sizes , and significantly reduces training and generation times . our model makes frame - wise predictions using mixture den ←
→ segnet : a deep convolutional encoder - decoder architecture for image segmentation ; we present a novel and practical deep fully convolutional neural network architecture for semantic pixel - wise segmentation termed segnet . this core trainable segmentation engine consists of an encoder network , a corresponding decoder network followed by a pixel - wise classification layer . the architecture of the encoder network is topologically identical to the 13 convolutional layers in the vgg16 network . the role of the de ←
→ application of the double metaphone algorithm to amharic orthography ; the metaphone algorithm applies the phonetic encoding of orthographic sequences to simplify words prior to comparison . while metaphone has been highly successful for the english language , for which it was designed , it may not be applied directly to ethiopian languages . the paper details how the principles of metaphone can be applied to ethiopic script and uses amharic as a case study . match results improve as specific considerations are ←
→ semi - supervised ranking pursuit ; we propose a novel sparse preference learning / ranking algorithm . our algorithm approximates the true utility function by a weighted sum of basis functions using the squared loss on pairs of data points , and is a generalization of the kernel matching pursuit method . it can operate both in a supervised and a semi - supervised setting and allows efficient search for multiple , near - optimal solutions . furthermore , we describe the extension of the algorithm suitable for combined ra ←
→ tracking object ' s type changes with fuzzy based fusion rule ; in this paper the behavior of three combinational rules for temporal / sequential attribute data fusion for target type estimation are analyzed . the comparative analysis is based on : dempster ' s fusion rule proposed in dempster - shafer theory ; proportional conflict redistribution rule no . 5 ( pcr5 ), proposed in dezert - smarandache theory and one alternative class fusion rule , connecting the combination rules for information fusion with particular fuzzy ←
→ reduction of fuzzy automata by means of fuzzy quasi - orders ; in our recent paper we have established close relationships between state reduction of a fuzzy recognizer and resolution of a particular system of fuzzy relation equations . in that paper we have also studied reductions by means of those solutions which are fuzzy equivalences . in this paper we will see that in some cases better reductions can be obtained using the solutions of this system that are fuzzy quasi - orders . generally , fuzzy quasi - orders a ←
→ semi - supervised hierarchical semantic object parsing ; models based on convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been proven very successful for semantic segmentation and object parsing that yield hierarchies of features . our key insight is to build convolutional networks that take input of arbitrary size and produce object parsing output with efficient inference and learning . in this work , we focus on the task of instance segmentation and parsing which recognizes and localizes objects down to a pixel level ←
→ a robust and efficient video representation for action recognition ; this paper introduces a state - of - the - art video representation and applies it to efficient action recognition and detection . we first propose to improve the popular dense trajectory features by explicit camera motion estimation . more specifically , we extract feature point matches between frames using surf descriptors and dense optical flow . the matches are used to estimate a homography with ransac . to improve the robustness of homography es ←
→ fault classification using pseudomodal energies and neuro - fuzzy modelling ; this paper presents a fault classification method which makes use of a takagi - sugeno neuro - fuzzy model and pseudomodal energies calculated from the vibration signals of cylindrical shells . the calculation of pseudomodal energies , for the purposes of condition monitoring , has previously been found to be an accurate method of extracting features from vibration signals . this calculation is therefore used to extract features from vibr ←
→ efficient structure learning and sampling of bayesian networks ; bayesian networks are probabilistic graphical models widely employed to understand dependencies in high dimensional data , and even to facilitate causal discovery . learning the underlying network structure , which is encoded as a directed acyclic graph ( dag ) is highly challenging mainly due to the vast number of possible networks . efforts have focussed on two fronts : constraint based methods that perform conditional independence tests to exclude ←
→ searching for spaceships ; we describe software that searches for spaceships in conway ' s game of life and related two - dimensional cellular automata . our program searches through a state space related to the de bruijn graph of the automaton , using a method that combines features of breadth first and iterative deepening search , and includes fast bit - parallel graph reachability and path enumeration algorithms for finding the successors of each state . successful results include a new 2c / 7 spaceship in life , fou ←
→ chinese restaurant game - part ii : applications to wireless networking , cloud computing , and online social networking ; in part i of this two - part paper [ 1 ], we proposed a new game , called chinese restaurant game , to analyze the social learning problem with negative network externality . the best responses of agents in the chinese restaurant game with imperfect signals are constructed through a recursive method , and the influence of both learning and network externality on the utilities of agents is studie ←
→ consistent alignment of word embedding models ; word embedding models offer continuous vector representations that can capture rich contextual semantics based on their word co - occurrence patterns . while these word vectors can provide very effective features used in many nlp tasks such as clustering similar words and inferring learning relationships , many challenges and open research questions remain . in this paper , we propose a solution that aligns variations of the same model ( or different models ) in a joi ←
→ a hackathon for classical tibetan ; we describe the course of a hackathon dedicated to the development of linguistic tools for tibetan buddhist studies . over a period of five days , a group of seventeen scholars , scientists , and students developed and compared algorithms for intertextual alignment and text classification , along with some basic language tools , including a stemmer and word segmenter .←
→ increasing the action gap : new operators for reinforcement learning ; this paper introduces new optimality - preserving operators on q - functions . we first describe an operator for tabular representations , the consistent bellman operator , which incorporates a notion of local policy consistency . we show that this local consistency leads to an increase in the action gap at each state ; increasing this gap , we argue , mitigates the undesirable effects of approximation and estimation errors on the induced greedy pol ←
→ generative adversarial networks and probabilistic graph models for hyperspectral image classification ; high spectral dimensionality and the shortage of annotations make hyperspectral image ( hsi ) classification a challenging problem . recent studies suggest that convolutional neural networks can learn discriminative spatial features , which play a paramount role in hsi interpretation . however , most of these methods ignore the distinctive spectral - spatial characteristic of hyperspectral data . in addition , a ←
→ eigenoption discovery through the deep successor representation ; options in reinforcement learning allow agents to hierarchically decompose a task into subtasks , having the potential to speed up learning and planning . however , autonomously learning effective sets of options is still a major challenge in the field . in this paper we focus on the recently introduced idea of using representation learning methods to guide the option discovery process . specifically , we look at eigenoptions , options obtained from ←
→ perturbed iterate analysis for asynchronous stochastic optimization ; we introduce and analyze stochastic optimization methods where the input to each gradient update is perturbed by bounded noise . we show that this framework forms the basis of a unified approach to analyze asynchronous implementations of stochastic optimization algorithms . in this framework , asynchronous stochastic optimization algorithms can be thought of as serial methods operating on noisy inputs . using our perturbed iterate framework , w ←
→ digenes : genetic algorithms to discover conjectures about directed and undirected graphs ; we present digenes , a new discovery system that aims to help researchers in graph theory . while its main task is to find extremal graphs for a given ( function of ) invariants , it also provides some basic support in proof conception . this has already been proved to be very useful to find new conjectures since the autographix system of caporossi and hansen ( discrete math . 212 - 2000 ). however , unlike existing systems , di ←
→ frustum pointnets for 3d object detection from rgb - d data ; while object recognition on 2d images is getting more and more mature , 3d understanding is eagerly in demand yet largely underexplored . in this paper , we study the 3d object detection problem from rgb - d data captured by depth sensors in both indoor and outdoor environments . different from previous deep learning methods that work on 2d rgb - d images or 3d voxels , which often obscure natural 3d patterns and invariances of 3d data , we directly operate ←
→ belief hidden markov model for speech recognition ; speech recognition searches to predict the spoken words automatically . these systems are known to be very expensive because of using several pre - recorded hours of speech . hence , building a model that minimizes the cost of the recognizer will be very interesting . in this paper , we present a new approach for recognizing speech based on belief hmms instead of proba - bilistic hmms . experiments shows that our belief recognizer is insensitive to the lack of the d ←
→ word sense disambiguation criteria : a systematic study ; this article describes the results of a systematic in - depth study of the criteria used for word sense disambiguation . our study is based on 60 target words : 20 nouns , 20 adjectives and 20 verbs . our results are not always in line with some practices in the field . for example , we show that omitting non - content words decreases performance and that bigrams yield better results than unigrams .←
→ simverb - 3500 : a large - scale evaluation set of verb similarity ; verbs play a critical role in the meaning of sentences , but these ubiquitous words have received little attention in recent distributional semantics research . we introduce simverb - 3500 , an evaluation resource that provides human ratings for the similarity of 3 , 500 verb pairs . simverb - 3500 covers all normed verb types from the usf free - association database , providing at least three examples for every verbnet class . this broad coverage facilitate ←
→ smart mirror : intelligent makeup recommendation and synthesis ; the female facial image beautification usually requires professional editing softwares , which are relatively difficult for common users . in this demo , we introduce a practical system for automatic and personalized facial makeup recommendation and synthesis . first , a model describing the relations among facial features , facial attributes and makeup attributes is learned as the makeup recommendation model for suggesting the most suitable makeup a ←
→ generative mixture of networks ; a generative model based on training deep architectures is proposed . the model consists of k networks that are trained together to learn the underlying distribution of a given data set . the process starts with dividing the input data into k clusters and feeding each of them into a separate network . after few iterations of training networks separately , we use an em - like algorithm to train the networks together and update the clusters of the data . we call this model mixture of ←
→ top - n recommendations in the presence of sparsity : an ncd - based approach ; making recommendations in the presence of sparsity is known to present one of the most challenging problems faced by collaborative filtering methods . in this work we tackle this problem by exploiting the innately hierarchical structure of the item space following an approach inspired by the theory of decomposability . we view the itemspace as a nearly decomposable system and we define blocks of closely related elements and correspondi ←
→ unsupervised classification of polsar data using a scattering similarity measure derived from a geodesic distance ; in this letter , we propose a novel technique for obtaining scattering components from polarimetric synthetic aperture radar ( polsar ) data using the geodesic distance on the unit sphere . this geodesic distance is obtained between an elementary target and the observed kennaugh matrix , and it is further utilized to compute a similarity measure between scattering mechanisms . the normalized simil ←
→ multi - scale local shape analysis and feature selection in machine learning applications ; we introduce a method called multi - scale local shape analysis , or mlsa , for extracting features that describe the local structure of points within a dataset . the method uses both geometric and topological features at multiple levels of granularity to capture diverse types of local information for subsequent machine learning algorithms operating on the dataset . using synthetic and real dataset examples , we demonstrate ←
→ combining neural networks for skin detection ; two types of combining strategies were evaluated namely combining skin features and combining skin classifiers . several combining rules were applied where the outputs of the skin classifiers are combined using binary operators such as the and and the or operators , " voting ", " sum of weights " and a new neural network . three chrominance components from the ycbcr colour space that gave the highest correct detection on their single feature mlp were selected as the c ←
→ hierarchical subtask discovery with non - negative matrix factorization ; hierarchical reinforcement learning methods offer a powerful means of planning flexible behavior in complicated domains . however , learning an appropriate hierarchical decomposition of a domain into subtasks remains a substantial challenge . we present a novel algorithm for subtask discovery , based on the recently introduced multitask linearly - solvable markov decision process ( mlmdp ) framework . the mlmdp can perform never - before - seen task ←
→ using pseudo - stochastic rational languages in probabilistic grammatical inference ; in probabilistic grammatical inference , a usual goal is to infer a good approximation of an unknown distribution p called a stochastic language . the estimate of p stands in some class of probabilistic models such as probabilistic automata ( pa ). in this paper , we focus on probabilistic models based on multiplicity automata ( ma ). the stochastic languages generated by ma are called rational stochastic languages ; they strictly ←
→ superpixel segmentation using gaussian mixture model ; superpixel segmentation algorithms are to partition an image into perceptually coherence atomic regions by assigning every pixel a superpixel label . those algorithms have been wildly used as a preprocessing step in computer vision works , as they can enormously reduce the number of entries of subsequent algorithms . in this work , we propose an alternative superpixel segmentation method based on gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) by assuming that each superpixel ←
→ adversarial generation of real - time feedback with neural networks for simulation - based training ; simulation - based training ( sbt ) is gaining popularity as a low - cost and convenient training technique in a vast range of applications . however , for a sbt platform to be fully utilized as an effective training tool , it is essential that feedback on performance is provided automatically in real - time during training . it is the aim of this paper to develop an efficient and effective feedback generation method for ←
→ randomized memetic artificial bee colony algorithm ; artificial bee colony ( abc ) optimization algorithm is one of the recent population based probabilistic approach developed for global optimization . abc is simple and has been showed significant improvement over other nature inspired algorithms ( nias ) when tested over some standard benchmark functions and for some complex real world optimization problems . memetic algorithms also become one of the key methodologies to solve the very large and complex real - wo ←
→ the peerrank method for peer assessment ; we propose the peerrank method for peer assessment . this constructs a grade for an agent based on the grades proposed by the agents evaluating the agent . since the grade of an agent is a measure of their ability to grade correctly , the peerrank method weights grades by the grades of the grading agent . the peerrank method also provides an incentive for agents to grade correctly . as the grades of an agent depend on the grades of the grading agents , and as these grades ←
→ efficiency enhancement of probabilistic model building genetic algorithms ; this paper presents two different efficiency - enhancement techniques for probabilistic model building genetic algorithms . the first technique proposes the use of a mutation operator which performs local search in the sub - solution neighborhood identified through the probabilistic model . the second technique proposes building and using an internal probabilistic model of the fitness along with the probabilistic model of variable inter ←
→ multi - channel pyramid person matching network for person re - identification ; in this work , we present a multi - channel deep convolutional pyramid person matching network ( mc - ppmn ) based on the combination of the semantic - components and the color - texture distributions to address the problem of person re - identification . in particular , we learn separate deep representations for semantic - components and color - texture distributions from two person images and then employ pyramid person matching network ( ppmn ) to ←
→ a geometric view of optimal transportation and generative model ; in this work , we show the intrinsic relations between optimal transportation and convex geometry , especially the variational approach to solve alexandrov problem : constructing a convex polytope with prescribed face normals and volumes . this leads to a geometric interpretation to generative models , and leads to a novel framework for generative models . by using the optimal transportation view of gan model , we show that the discriminator compute ←
→ creation of a deep convolutional auto - encoder in caffe ; the development of a deep ( stacked ) convolutional auto - encoder in the caffe deep learning framework is presented in this paper . we describe simple principles which we used to create this model in caffe . the proposed model of convolutional auto - encoder does not have pooling / unpooling layers yet . the results of our experimental research show comparable accuracy of dimensionality reduction in comparison with a classic auto - encoder on the example of mnist ←
→ reclassification formula that provides to surpass k - means method ; the paper presents a formula for the reclassification of multidimensional data points ( columns of real numbers , " objects ", " vectors ", etc .). this formula describes the change in the total squared error caused by reclassification of data points from one cluster into another and prompts the way to calculate the sequence of optimal partitions , which are characterized by a minimum value of the total squared error e ( weighted sum of within - class ←
→ gan - based synthetic medical image augmentation for increased cnn performance in liver lesion classification ; deep learning methods , and in particular convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), have led to an enormous breakthrough in a wide range of computer vision tasks , primarily by using large - scale annotated datasets . however , obtaining such datasets in the medical domain remains a challenge . in this paper , we present methods for generating synthetic medical images using recently presented deep learning ge ←
→ quality of geographic information : ontological approach and artificial intelligence tools ; the objective is to present one important aspect of the european ist - fet project " rev ! gis " 1 : the methodology which has been developed for the translation ( interpretation ) of the quality of the data into a " fitness for use " information , that we can confront to the user needs in its application . this methodology is based upon the notion of " ontologies " as a conceptual framework able to capture the explicit and implic ←
→ automatic detection of trends in dynamical text : an evolutionary approach ; this paper presents an evolutionary algorithm for modeling the arrival dates of document streams , which is any time - stamped collection of documents , such as newscasts , e - mails , irc conversations , scientific journals archives and weblog postings . this algorithm assigns frequencies ( number of document arrivals per time unit ) to time intervals so that it produces an optimal fit to the data . the optimization is a trade off between acc ←
→ application of data mining techniques to a selected business organisation with special reference to buying behaviour ; data mining is a new concept & an exploration and analysis of large data sets , in order to discover meaningful patterns and rules . many organizations are now using the data mining techniques to find out meaningful patterns from the database . the present paper studies how data mining techniques can be apply to the large database . these data mining techniques give certain behavioral pattern ←
→ algorithm selection as a bandit problem with unbounded losses ; algorithm selection is typically based on models of algorithm performance , learned during a separate offline training sequence , which can be prohibitively expensive . in recent work , we adopted an online approach , in which a performance model is iteratively updated and used to guide selection on a sequence of problem instances . the resulting exploration - exploitation trade - off was represented as a bandit problem with expert advice , using an exist ←
→ ensemble of deep convolutional neural networks for learning to detect retinal vessels in fundus images ; vision impairment due to pathological damage of the retina can largely be prevented through periodic screening using fundus color imaging . however the challenge with large scale screening is the inability to exhaustively detect fine blood vessels crucial to disease diagnosis . in this work we present a computational imaging framework using deep and ensemble learning for reliable detection of blood vesse ←
→ detecting noteheads in handwritten scores with convnets and bounding box regression ; noteheads are the interface between the written score and music . each notehead on the page signifies one note to be played , and detecting noteheads is thus an unavoidable step for optical music recognition . noteheads are clearly distinct objects , however , the variety of music notation handwriting makes noteheads harder to identify , and while handwritten music notation symbol {\ em classification } is a well - studied task , s ←
→ optimization with first - order surrogate functions ; in this paper , we study optimization methods consisting of iteratively minimizing surrogates of an objective function . by proposing several algorithmic variants and simple convergence analyses , we make two main contributions . first , we provide a unified viewpoint for several first - order optimization techniques such as accelerated proximal gradient , block coordinate descent , or frank - wolfe algorithms . second , we introduce a new incremental scheme that exper ←
→ generating conceptual metaphors from proposition stores ; contemporary research on computational processing of linguistic metaphors is divided into two main branches : metaphor recognition and metaphor interpretation . we take a different line of research and present an automated method for generating conceptual metaphors from linguistic data . given the generated conceptual metaphors , we find corresponding linguistic metaphors in corpora . in this paper , we describe our approach and its evaluation using englis ←
→ towards distortion - predictable embedding of neural networks ; current research in computer vision has shown that convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) give state - of - the - art performance in many classification tasks and computer vision problems . the embedding of cnn , which is the internal representation produced by the last layer , can indirectly learn topological and relational properties . moreover , by using a suitable loss function , cnn models can learn invariance to a wide range of non - linear distortions such ←
→ conscious machines and consciousness oriented programming ; in this paper , we investigate the following question : how could you write such computer programs that can work like conscious beings ? the motivation behind this question is that we want to create such applications that can see the future . the aim of this paper is to provide an overall conceptual framework for this new approach to machine consciousness . so we introduce a new programming paradigm called consciousness oriented programming ( cop ).←
→ bilingual words and phrase mappings for marathi and hindi smt ; lack of proper linguistic resources is the major challenges faced by the machine translation system developments when dealing with the resource poor languages . in this paper , we describe effective ways to utilize the lexical resources to improve the quality of statistical machine translation . our research on the usage of lexical resources mainly focused on two ways , such as ; augmenting the parallel corpus with more vocabulary and to provide var ←
→ vertex nomination : the canonical sampling and the extended spectral nomination schemes ; suppose that one particular block in a stochastic block model is deemed " interesting ," but block labels are only observed for a few of the vertices . utilizing a graph realized from the model , the vertex nomination task is to order the vertices with unobserved block labels into a " nomination list " with the goal of having an abundance of interesting vertices near the top of the list . in this paper we extend and enhance ←
→ the case for being average : a mediocrity approach to style masking and author obfuscation ; users posting online expect to remain anonymous unless they have logged in , which is often needed for them to be able to discuss freely on various topics . preserving the anonymity of a text ' s writer can be also important in some other contexts , e . g ., in the case of witness protection or anonymity programs . however , each person has his / her own style of writing , which can be analyzed using stylometry , and as a result ←
→ the learnability of unknown quantum measurements ; quantum machine learning has received significant attention in recent years , and promising progress has been made in the development of quantum algorithms to speed up traditional machine learning tasks . in this work , however , we focus on investigating the information - theoretic upper bounds of sample complexity - how many training samples are sufficient to predict the future behaviour of an unknown target function . this kind of problem is , arguably , one of t ←
→ label - dependent feature extraction in social networks for node classification ; a new method of feature extraction in the social network for within - network classification is proposed in the paper . the method provides new features calculated by combination of both : network structure information and class labels assigned to nodes . the influence of various features on classification performance has also been studied . the experiments on real - world data have shown that features created owing to the proposed me ←
→ understanding task design trade - offs in crowdsourced paraphrase collection ; linguistically diverse datasets are critical for training and evaluating robust machine learning systems , but data collection is a costly process that often requires experts . crowdsourcing the process of paraphrase generation is an effective means of expanding natural language datasets , but there has been limited analysis of the trade - offs that arise when designing tasks . in this paper , we present the first systematic study of th ←
→ volume calculation of ct lung lesions based on halton low - discrepancy sequences ; volume calculation from the computed tomography ( ct ) lung lesions data is a significant parameter for clinical diagnosis . the volume is widely used to assess the severity of the lung nodules and track its progression , however , the accuracy and efficiency of previous studies are not well achieved for clinical uses . it remains to be a challenging task due to its tight attachment to the lung wall , inhomogeneous background noise ←
→ neural structural correspondence learning for domain adaptation ; domain adaptation , adapting models from domains rich in labeled training data to domains poor in such data , is a fundamental nlp challenge . we introduce a neural network model that marries together ideas from two prominent strands of research on domain adaptation through representation learning : structural correspondence learning ( scl , ( blitzer et al ., 2006 )) and autoencoder neural networks . particularly , our model is a three - layer neural net ←
→ concentration of multilinear functions of the ising model with applications to network data ; we prove near - tight concentration of measure for polynomial functions of the ising model under high temperature . for any degree $ d $, we show that a degree -$ d $ polynomial of a $ n $- spin ising model exhibits exponential tails that scale as $\ exp (- r ^{ 2 / d })$ at radius $ r =\ tilde {\ omega } _d ( n ^{ d / 2 })$. our concentration radius is optimal up to logarithmic factors for constant $ d $, improving known results by polynomial fac ←
→ non - parametric bayesian learning with deep learning structure and its applications in wireless networks ; in this paper , we present an infinite hierarchical non - parametric bayesian model to extract the hidden factors over observed data , where the number of hidden factors for each layer is unknown and can be potentially infinite . moreover , the number of layers can also be infinite . we construct the model structure that allows continuous values for the hidden factors and weights , which makes the model suita ←
→ random projection and its applications ; random projection is a foundational research topic that connects a bunch of machine learning algorithms under a similar mathematical basis . it is used to reduce the dimensionality of the dataset by projecting the data points efficiently to a smaller dimensions while preserving the original relative distance between the data points . in this paper , we are intended to explain random projection method , by explaining its mathematical background and foundation , the applica ←
→ automated dataset generation for image recognition using the example of taxonomy ; this master thesis addresses the subject of automatically generating a dataset for image recognition , which takes a lot of time when being done manually . as the thesis was written with motivation from the context of the biodiversity workgroup at the city university of applied sciences bremen , the classification of taxonomic entries was chosen as an exemplary use case . in order to automate the dataset creation , a prototype w ←
→ computational intelligence for deepwater reservoir depositional environments interpretation ; predicting oil recovery efficiency of a deepwater reservoir is a challenging task . one approach to characterize a deepwater reservoir and to predict its producibility is by analyzing its depositional information . this research proposes a deposition - based stratigraphic interpretation framework for deepwater reservoir characterization . in this framework , one critical task is the identification and labeling of the s ←
→ a study on learnability for rigid lambek grammars ; we present basic notions of gold ' s " learnability in the limit " paradigm , first presented in 1967 , a formalization of the cognitive process by which a native speaker gets to grasp the underlying grammar of his / her own native language by being exposed to well formed sentences generated by that grammar . then we present lambek grammars , a formalism issued from categorial grammars which , although not as expressive as needed for a full formalization of natural l ←
→ learning using local membership queries ; we introduce a new model of membership query ( mq ) learning , where the learning algorithm is restricted to query points that are \ emph { close } to random examples drawn from the underlying distribution . the learning model is intermediate between the pac model ( valiant , 1984 ) and the pac + mq model ( where the queries are allowed to be arbitrary points ). membership query algorithms are not popular among machine learning practitioners . apart from the obvious difficulty of ←
→ off - set : one - pass factorization of feature sets for online recommendation in persistent cold start settings ; one of the most challenging recommendation tasks is recommending to a new , previously unseen user . this is known as the ' user cold start ' problem . assuming certain features or attributes of users are known , one approach for handling new users is to initially model them based on their features . motivated by an ad targeting application , this paper describes an extreme online recommendation setting ←
→ transferring rich deep features for facial beauty prediction ; feature extraction plays a significant part in computer vision tasks . in this paper , we propose a method which transfers rich deep features from a pretrained model on face verification task and feeds the features into bayesian ridge regression algorithm for facial beauty prediction . we leverage the deep neural networks that extracts more abstract features from stacked layers . through simple but effective feature fusion strategy , our method achie ←
→ track , then decide : category - agnostic vision - based multi - object tracking ; the most common paradigm for vision - based multi - object tracking is tracking - by - detection , due to the availability of reliable detectors for several important object categories such as cars and pedestrians . however , future mobile systems will need a capability to cope with rich human - made environments , in which obtaining detectors for every possible object category would be infeasible . in this paper , we propose a model - free multi - obje ←
→ combining keystroke dynamics and face recognition for user verification ; the massive explosion and ubiquity of computing devices and the outreach of the web have been the most defining events of the century so far . as more and more people gain access to the internet , traditional know - something and have - something authentication methods such as pins and passwords are proving to be insufficient for prohibiting unauthorized access to increasingly personal data on the web . therefore , the need of the hour is a u ←
→ gpu - based pedestrian detection for autonomous driving ; we propose a real - time pedestrian detection system for the embedded nvidia tegra x1 gpu - cpu hybrid platform . the pipeline is composed by the following state - of - the - art algorithms : histogram of local binary patterns ( lbp ) and histograms of oriented gradients ( hog ) features extracted from the input image ; pyramidal sliding window technique for candidate generation ; and support vector machine ( svm ) for classification . results show a 8x speedup in the targ ←
→ interval structure : a framework for representing uncertain information ; in this paper , a unified framework for representing uncertain information based on the notion of an interval structure is proposed . it is shown that the lower and upper approximations of the rough - set model , the lower and upper bounds of incidence calculus , and the belief and plausibility functions all obey the axioms of an interval structure . an interval structure can be used to synthesize the decision rules provided by the experts . a ←
→ joint cross - domain classification and subspace learning for unsupervised adaptation ; domain adaptation aims at adapting the knowledge acquired on a source domain to a new different but related target domain . several approaches have beenproposed for classification tasks in the unsupervised scenario , where no labeled target data are available . most of the attention has been dedicated to searching a new domain - invariant representation , leaving the definition of the prediction function to a second stage . her ←
→ sk_p : a neural program corrector for moocs ; we present a novel technique for automatic program correction in moocs , capable of fixing both syntactic and semantic errors without manual , problem specific correction strategies . given an incorrect student program , it generates candidate programs from a distribution of likely corrections , and checks each candidate for correctness against a test suite . the key observation is that in moocs many programs share similar code fragments , and the seq2seq neural netwo ←
→ gaussian process regression for out - of - sample extension ; manifold learning methods are useful for high dimensional data analysis . many of the existing methods produce a low dimensional representation that attempts to describe the intrinsic geometric structure of the original data . typically , this process is computationally expensive and the produced embedding is limited to the training data . in many real life scenarios , the ability to produce embedding of unseen samples is essential . in this paper we propo ←
→ a variational bayes framework for sparse adaptive estimation ; recently , a number of mostly $\ ell_1 $- norm regularized least squares type deterministic algorithms have been proposed to address the problem of \ emph { sparse } adaptive signal estimation and system identification . from a bayesian perspective , this task is equivalent to maximum a posteriori probability estimation under a sparsity promoting heavy - tailed prior for the parameters of interest . following a different approach , this paper develops a unify ←
→ ug ^ 2 : a video benchmark for assessing the impact of image restoration and enhancement on automatic visual recognition ; advances in image restoration and enhancement techniques have led to discussion about how such algorithmscan be applied as a pre - processing step to improve automatic visual recognition . in principle , techniques like deblurring and super - resolution should yield improvements by de - emphasizing noise and increasing signal in an input image . but the historically divergent goals of the computa ←
→ rdf translator : a restful multi - format data converter for the semantic web ; the interdisciplinary nature of the semantic web and the many projects put forward by the community led to a large number of widely accepted serialization formats for rdf . most of these rdf syntaxes have been developed out of a necessity to serve specific purposes better than existing ones , e . g . rdfa was proposed as an extension to html for embedding non - intrusive rdf statements in human - readable documents . nonetheless , the rdf s ←
→ map estimation , linear programming and belief propagation with convex free energies ; finding the most probable assignment ( map ) in a general graphical model is known to be np hard but good approximations have been attained with max - product belief propagation ( bp ) and its variants . in particular , it is known that using bp on a single - cycle graph or tree reweighted bp on an arbitrary graph will give the map solution if the beliefs have no ties . in this paper we extend the setting under which bp can be used ←
→ mean field variational approximation for continuous - time bayesian networks ; continuous - time bayesian networks is a natural structured representation language for multicomponent stochastic processes that evolve continuously over time . despite the compact representation , inference in such models is intractable even in relatively simple structured networks . here we introduce a mean field variational approximation in which we use a product of inhomogeneous markov processes to approximate a distribution over ←
→ semantic web today : from oil rigs to panama papers ; the next leap on the internet has already started as semantic web . at its core , semantic web transforms the document oriented web to a data oriented web enriched with semantics embedded as metadata . this change in perspective towards the web offers numerous benefits for vast amount of data intensive industries that are bound to the web and its related applications . the industries are diverse as they range from oil & gas exploration to the investigative jo ←
→ focusing attention : towards accurate text recognition in natural images ; scene text recognition has been a hot research topic in computer vision due to its various applications . the state of the art is the attention - based encoder - decoder framework that learns the mapping between input images and output sequences in a purely data - driven way . however , we observe that existing attention - based methods perform poorly on complicated and / or low - quality images . one major reason is that existing methods cannot get ←
→ tbx goes tei -- implementing a tbx basic extension for the text encoding initiative guidelines ; this paper presents an attempt to customise the tei ( text encoding initiative ) guidelines in order to offer the possibility to incorporate tbx ( termbase exchange ) based terminological entries within any kind of tei documents . after presenting the general historical , conceptual and technical contexts , we describe the various design choices we had to take while creating this customisation , which in turn have led ←
→ facial emotion recognition using min - max similarity classifier ; recognition of human emotions from the imaging templates is useful in a wide variety of human - computer interaction and intelligent systems applications . however , the automatic recognition of facial expressions using image template matching techniques suffer from the natural variability with facial features and recording conditions . in spite of the progress achieved in facial emotion recognition in recent years , the effective and computationall ←
→ sparsity regret bounds for individual sequences in online linear regression ; we consider the problem of online linear regression on arbitrary deterministic sequences when the ambient dimension d can be much larger than the number of time rounds t . we introduce the notion of sparsity regret bound , which is a deterministic online counterpart of recent risk bounds derived in the stochastic setting under a sparsity scenario . we prove such regret bounds for an online - learning algorithm called seqsew and based ←
→ best - worst scaling more reliable than rating scales : a case study on sentiment intensity annotation ; rating scales are a widely used method for data annotation ; however , they present several challenges , such as difficulty in maintaining inter - and intra - annotator consistency . best - worst scaling ( bws ) is an alternative method of annotation that is claimed to produce high - quality annotations while keeping the required number of annotations similar to that of rating scales . however , the veracity of this cla ←
→ back to the basics : bayesian extensions of irt outperform neural networks for proficiency estimation ; estimating student proficiency is an important task for computer based learning systems . we compare a family of irt - based proficiency estimation methods to deep knowledge tracing ( dkt ), a recently proposed recurrent neural network model with promising initial results . we evaluate how well each model predicts a student ' s future response given previous responses using two publicly available and one proprie ←
→ discovering sound concepts and acoustic relations in text ; in this paper we describe approaches for discovering acoustic concepts and relations in text . the first major goal is to be able to identify text phrases which contain a notion of audibility and can be termed as a sound or an acoustic concept . we also propose a method to define an acoustic scene through a set of sound concepts . we use pattern matching and parts of speech tags to generate sound concepts from large scale text corpora . we use dependen ←
→ methods and models for interpretable linear classification ; we present an integer programming framework to build accurate and interpretable discrete linear classification models . unlike existing approaches , our framework is designed to provide practitioners with the control and flexibility they need to tailor accurate and interpretable models for a domain of choice . to this end , our framework can produce models that are fully optimized for accuracy , by minimizing the 0 -- 1 classification loss , and that addr ←
→ overlapping clustering based on kernel similarity metric ; producing overlapping schemes is a major issue in clustering . recent proposed overlapping methods relies on the search of an optimal covering and are based on different metrics , such as euclidean distance and i - divergence , used to measure closeness between observations . in this paper , we propose the use of another measure for overlapping clustering based on a kernel similarity metric . we also estimate the number of overlapped clusters using the gram ←
→ differential methods in catadioptric sensor design with applications to panoramic imaging ; we discuss design techniques for catadioptric sensors that realize given projections . in general , these problems do not have solutions , but approximate solutions may often be found that are visually acceptable . there are several methods to approach this problem , but here we focus on what we call the `` vector field approach ''. an application is given where a true panoramic mirror is derived , i . e . a mirror that yield ←
→ learning to compose neural networks for question answering ; we describe a question answering model that applies to both images and structured knowledge bases . the model uses natural language strings to automatically assemble neural networks from a collection of composable modules . parameters for these modules are learned jointly with network - assembly parameters via reinforcement learning , with only ( world , question , answer ) triples as supervision . our approach , which we term a dynamic neural model network ,←
→ reproducing and learning new algebraic operations on word embeddings using genetic programming ; word - vector representations associate a high dimensional real - vector to every word from a corpus . recently , neural - network based methods have been proposed for learning this representation from large corpora . this type of word - to - vector embedding is able to keep , in the learned vector space , some of the syntactic and semantic relationships present in the original word corpus . this , in turn , serves to address d ←
→ dense 3d regression for hand pose estimation ; we present a simple and effective method for 3d hand pose estimation from a single depth frame . as opposed to previous state - of - the - art methods based on holistic 3d regression , our method works on dense pixel - wise estimation . this is achieved by careful design choices in pose parameterization , which leverages both 2d and 3d properties of depth map . specifically , we decompose the pose parameters into a set of per - pixel estimations , i . e ., 2d heat maps , 3d heat ma ←
→ computing entropy rate of symbol sources & a distribution - free limit theorem ; entropy rate of sequential data - streams naturally quantifies the complexity of the generative process . thus entropy rate fluctuations could be used as a tool to recognize dynamical perturbations in signal sources , and could potentially be carried out without explicit background noise characterization . however , state of the art algorithms to estimate the entropy rate have markedly slow convergence ; making such entropic approache ←
→ phased exploration with greedy exploitation in stochastic combinatorial partial monitoring games ; partial monitoring games are repeated games where the learner receives feedback that might be different from adversary ' s move or even the reward gained by the learner . recently , a general model of combinatorial partial monitoring ( cpm ) games was proposed \ cite { lincombinatorial2014 }, where the learner ' s action space can be exponentially large and adversary samples its moves from a bounded , continuous space , a ←
→ large vocabulary arabic online handwriting recognition system ; arabic handwriting is a consonantal and cursive writing . the analysis of arabic script is further complicated due to obligatory dots / strokes that are placed above or below most letters and usually written delayed in order . due to ambiguities and diversities of writing styles , recognition systems are generally based on a set of possible words called lexicon . when the lexicon is small , recognition accuracy is more important as the recognition tim ←
→ improved bounds on quantum learning algorithms ; in this article we give several new results on the complexity of algorithms that learn boolean functions from quantum queries and quantum examples . hunziker et al . conjectured that for any class c of boolean functions , the number of quantum black - box queries which are required to exactly identify an unknown function from c is $ o (\ frac {\ log | c |}{\ sqrt {{\ hat {\ gamma }}^{ c }}})$, where $\ hat {\ gamma }^{ c }$ is a combinatorial parameter of the class c . we essentially ←
→ learning detection with diverse proposals ; to predict a set of diverse and informative proposals with enriched representations , this paper introduces a differentiable determinantal point process ( dpp ) layer that is able to augment the object detection architectures . most modern object detection architectures , such as faster r - cnn , learn to localize objects by minimizing deviations from the ground - truth but ignore correlation between multiple proposals and object categories . non - maximum suppression ( nms ) as ←
→ learning weighted representations for generalization across designs ; predictive models that generalize well under distributional shift are often desirable and sometimes crucial to building robust and reliable machine learning applications . we focus on distributional shift that arises in causal inference from observational data and in unsupervised domain adaptation . we pose both of these problems as prediction under a shift in design . popular methods for overcoming distributional shift make unrealistic assu ←
→ brain extraction from normal and pathological images : a joint pca / image - reconstruction approach ; brain extraction from 3d medical images is a common pre - processing step . a variety of approaches exist , but they are frequently only designed to perform brain extraction from images without strong pathologies . extracting the brain from images exhibiting strong pathologies , for example , the presence of a brain tumor or of a traumatic brain injury ( tbi ), is challenging . in such cases , tissue appearance may devi ←
→ dream formulations and deep neural networks : humanistic themes in the iconology of the machine - learned image ; this paper addresses the interpretability of deep learning - enabled image recognition processes in computer vision science in relation to theories in art history and cognitive psychology on the vision - related perceptual capabilities of humans . examination of what is determinable about the machine - learned image in comparison to humanistic theories of visual perception , particularly in regard to art ←
→ a paraboost stereoscopic image quality assessment ( pbsiqa ) system ; the problem of stereoscopic image quality assessment , which finds applications in 3d visual content delivery such as 3dtv , is investigated in this work . specifically , we propose a new paraboost ( parallel - boosting ) stereoscopic image quality assessment ( pbsiqa ) system . the system consists of two stages . in the first stage , various distortions are classified into a few types , and individual quality scorers targeting at a specific distortion t ←
→ learning light field reconstruction from a single coded image ; light field imaging is a rich way of representing the 3d world around us . however , due to limited sensor resolution capturing light field data inherently poses spatio - angular resolution trade - off . in this paper , we propose a deep learning based solution to tackle the resolution trade - off . specifically , we reconstruct full sensor resolution light field from a single coded image . we propose to do this in three stages 1 ) reconstruction of center v ←
→ advances in the logical representation of lexical semantics ; the integration of lexical semantics and pragmatics in the analysis of the meaning of natural lan - guage has prompted changes to the global framework derived from montague . in those works , the original lexicon , in which words were assigned an atomic type of a single - sorted logic , has been re - placed by a set of many - facetted lexical items that can compose their meaning with salient contextual properties using a rich typing system as a guide . havi ←
→ mri image - to - image translation for cross - modality image registration and segmentation ; we develop a novel cross - modality generation framework that learns to generate predicted modalities from given modalities in mr images without real acquisition . our proposed method performs image - to - image translation by means of a deep learning model that leverages conditional generative adversarial networks ( cgans ). our framework jointly exploits the low - level features ( pixel - wise information ) and high - level represent ←
→ semi - supervised online structure learning for composite event recognition ; online structure learning approaches , such as those stemming from statistical relational learning , enable the discovery of complex relations in noisy data streams . however , these methods assume the existence of fully - labelled training data , which is unrealistic for most real - world applications . we present a novel approach for completing the supervision of a semi - supervised structure learning task . we incorporate graph cut minimisa ←
→ learning localized geometric features using 3d - cnn : an application to manufacturability analysis of drilled holes ; 3d convolutional neural networks ( 3d - cnn ) have been used for object recognition based on the voxelized shape of an object . in this paper , we present a 3d - cnn based method to learn distinct local geometric features of interest within an object . in this context , the voxelized representation may not be sufficient to capture the distinguishing information about such local features . to enable eff ←
→ learning user preferences to incentivize exploration in the sharing economy ; we study platforms in the sharing economy and discuss the need for incentivizing users to explore options that otherwise would not be chosen . for instance , rental platforms such as airbnb typically rely on customer reviews to provide users with relevant information about different options . yet , often a large fraction of options does not have any reviews available . such options are frequently neglected as viable choices , and in t ←
→ temporal action - graph games : a new representation for dynamic games ; in this paper we introduce temporal action graph games ( taggs ), a novel graphical representation of imperfect - information extensive form games . we show that when a game involves anonymity or context - specific utility independencies , its encoding as a tagg can be much more compact than its direct encoding as a multiagent influence diagram ( maid ). we also show that taggs can be understood as indirect maid encodings in which many deterministic ←
→ image segmentation and processing for efficient parking space analysis ; in this paper , we develop a method to detect vacant parking spaces in an environment with unclear segments and contours with the help of matlab image processing capabilities . due to the anomalies present in the parking spaces , such as uneven illumination , distorted slot lines and overlapping of cars . the present - day conventional algorithms have difficulties processing the image for accurate results . the algorithm proposed uses a combin ←
→ a split - merge framework for comparing clusterings ; clustering evaluation measures are frequently used to evaluate the performance of algorithms . however , most measures are not properly normalized and ignore some information in the inherent structure of clusterings . we model the relation between two clusterings as a bipartite graph and propose a general component - based decomposition formula based on the components of the graph . most existing measures are examples of this formula . in order to satisfy consist ←
→ microscopy cell segmentation via adversarial neural networks ; we present a novel method for cell segmentation in microscopy images which is inspired by the generative adversarial neural network ( gan ) approach . our framework is built on a pair of two competitive artificial neural networks , with a unique architecture , termed rib cage , which are trained simultaneously and together define a min - max game resulting in an accurate segmentation of a given image . our approach has two main strengths , similar to the ←
→ view selection with geometric uncertainty modeling ; estimating positions of world points from features observed in images is a key problem in 3d reconstruction , image mosaicking , simultaneous localization and mapping and structure from motion . we consider a special instance in which there is a dominant ground plane $\ mathcal { g }$ viewed from a parallel viewing plane $\ mathcal { s }$ above it . such instances commonly arise , for example , in aerial photography . consider a world point $ g \ in \ mathcal { g }$ and its wo ←
→ diff - dac : distributed actor - critic for multitask deep reinforcement learning ; we propose a multiagent distributed actor - critic algorithm for multitask reinforcement learning ( mrl ), named diff - dac . the agents are connected , forming a ( possibly sparse ) network . each agent is assigned a task and has access to data from this local task only . during the learning process , the agents are able to communicate some parameters to their neighbors . since the agents incorporate their neighbors ' parameters into their o ←
→ evaluating ( and improving ) the correspondence between deep neural networks and human representations ; decades of psychological research have been aimed at modeling how people learn features and categories . the empirical validation of these theories is often based on artificial stimuli with simple representations . recently , deep neural networks have reached or surpassed human accuracy on tasks such as identifying objects in natural images . these networks learn representations of real - world stimuli that ca ←
→ visual recognition using directional distribution distance ; in computer vision , an entity such as an image or video is often represented as a set of instance vectors , which can be sift , motion , or deep learning feature vectors extracted from different parts of that entity . thus , it is essential to design efficient and effective methods to compare two sets of instance vectors . existing methods such as fv , vlad or super vectors have achieved excellent results . however , this paper shows that these methods are ←
→ an online character recognition system to convert grantha script to malayalam ; this paper presents a novel approach to recognize grantha , an ancient script in south india and converting it to malayalam , a prevalent language in south india using online character recognition mechanism . the motivation behind this work owes its credit to ( i ) developing a mechanism to recognize grantha script in this modern world and ( ii ) affirming the strong connection among grantha and malayalam . a framework for the recogni ←
→ topic similarity networks : visual analytics for large document sets ; we investigate ways in which to improve the interpretability of lda topic models by better analyzing and visualizing their outputs . we focus on examining what we refer to as topic similarity networks : graphs in which nodes represent latent topics in text collections and links represent similarity among topics . we describe efficient and effective approaches to both building and labeling such networks . visualizations of topic models based o ←
→ gaussian process kernels for pattern discovery and extrapolation ; gaussian processes are rich distributions over functions , which provide a bayesian nonparametric approach to smoothing and interpolation . we introduce simple closed form kernels that can be used with gaussian processes to discover patterns and enable extrapolation . these kernels are derived by modelling a spectral density -- the fourier transform of a kernel -- with a gaussian mixture . the proposed kernels support a broad class of stationary ←
→ kernel cross - view collaborative representation based classification for person re - identification ; person re - identification aims at the maintenance of a global identity as a person moves among non - overlapping surveillance cameras . it is a hard task due to different illumination conditions , viewpoints and the small number of annotated individuals from each pair of cameras ( small - sample - size problem ). collaborative representation based classification ( crc ) has been employed successfully to address the small ←
→ a draft memory model on spiking neural assemblies ; a draft memory model ( dm ) for neural networks with spike propagation delay ( snnwd ) is described . novelty in this approach are that the dm learns immediately , with stimuli presented once , without synaptic weight changes , and without external learning algorithm . basal on this model is to trap spikes within neural loops . in order to construct the dm we developed two functional blocks , also described herein . the decoder block receives input from a single spike ←
→ a note on the measure of discord ; a new entropy - like measure as well as a new measure of total uncertainty pertaining to the dempster - shafer theory are introduced . it is argued that these measures are better justified than any of the previously proposed candidates .←
→ networked intelligence : towards autonomous cyber physical systems ; developing intelligent systems requires combining results from both industry and academia . in this report you find an overview of relevant research fields and industrially applicable technologies for building very large scale cyber physical systems . a concept architecture is used to illustrate how existing pieces may fit together , and the maturity of the subsystems is estimated . the goal is to structure the developments and the challenge ←
→ estimator of prediction error based on approximate message passing for penalized linear regression ; we propose an estimator of prediction error using an approximate message passing ( amp ) algorithm that can be applied to a broad range of sparse penalties . following stein ' s lemma , the estimator of the generalized degrees of freedom , which is a key quantity for the construction of the estimator of the prediction error , is calculated at the amp fixed point . the resulting form of the amp - based estimator does ←
→ deep generalized canonical correlation analysis ; we present deep generalized canonical correlation analysis ( dgcca ) -- a method for learning nonlinear transformations of arbitrarily many views of data , such that the resulting transformations are maximally informative of each other . while methods for nonlinear two - view representation learning ( deep cca , ( andrew et al ., 2013 )) and linear many - view representation learning ( generalized cca ( horst , 1961 )) exist , dgcca is the first cca - style multiview representa ←
→ hybrid probabilistic programs : algorithms and complexity ; hybrid probabilistic programs ( hpps ) are logic programs that allow the programmer to explicitly encode his knowledge of the dependencies between events being described in the program . in this paper , we classify hpps into three classes called hpp_1 , hpp_2 and hpp_r , r >= 3 . for these classes , we provide three types of results for hpps . first , we develop algorithms to compute the set of all ground consequences of an hpp . then we provide algorithms and co ←
→ modeling informational novelty in a conversational system with a hybrid statistical and grammar - based approach to natural language generation ; we present a hybrid statistical and grammar - based system for surface natural language generation ( nlg ) that uses grammar rules , conditions on using those grammar rules , and corpus statistics to determine the word order . we also describe how this surface nlg module is implemented in a prototype conversational system , and how it attempts to model informational novel ←
→ normalized online learning ; we introduce online learning algorithms which are independent of feature scales , proving regret bounds dependent on the ratio of scales existent in the data rather than the absolute scale . this has several useful effects : there is no need to pre - normalize data , the test - time and test - space complexity are reduced , and the algorithms are more robust .←
→ upper - confidence - bound algorithms for active learning in multi - armed bandits ; in this paper , we study the problem of estimating uniformly well the mean values of several distributions given a finite budget of samples . if the variance of the distributions were known , one could design an optimal sampling strategy by collecting a number of independent samples per distribution that is proportional to their variance . however , in the more realistic case where the distributions are not known in advance , one nee ←
→ semi - bounded rationality : a model for decision making ; in this paper the theory of semi - bounded rationality is proposed as an extension of the theory of bounded rationality . in particular , it is proposed that a decision making process involves two components and these are the correlation machine , which estimates missing values , and the causal machine , which relates the cause to the effect . rational decision making involves using information which is almost always imperfect and incomplete as well as some in ←
→ more is less : a more complicated network with less inference complexity ; in this paper , we present a novel and general network structure towards accelerating the inference process of convolutional neural networks , which is more complicated in network structure yet with less inference complexity . the core idea is to equip each original convolutional layer with another low - cost collaborative layer ( lccl ), and the element - wise multiplication of the relu outputs of these two parallel layers produces the layer -←
→ learning hierarchical object maps of non - stationary environments with mobile robots ; building models , or maps , of robot environments is a highly active research area ; however , most existing techniques construct unstructured maps and assume static environments . in this paper , we present an algorithm for learning object models of non - stationary objects found in office - type environments . our algorithm exploits the fact that many objects found in office environments look alike ( e . g ., chairs , recycling bins ).←
→ spoken language biomarkers for detecting cognitive impairment ; in this study we developed an automated system that evaluates speech and language features from audio recordings of neuropsychological examinations of 92 subjects in the framingham heart study . a total of 265 features were used in an elastic - net regularized binomial logistic regression model to classify the presence of cognitive impairment , and to select the most predictive features . we compared performance with a demographic model from 6 , 258 s ←
→ alternative semantic representations for zero - shot human action recognition ; a proper semantic representation for encoding side information is key to the success of zero - shot learning . in this paper , we explore two alternative semantic representations especially for zero - shot human action recognition : textual descriptions of human actions and deep features extracted from still images relevant to human actions . such side information are accessible on web with little cost , which paves a new way in gaining ←
→ visual interpretability for deep learning : a survey ; this paper reviews recent studies in understanding neural - network representations and learning neural networks with interpretable / disentangled middle - layer representations . although deep neural networks have exhibited superior performance in various tasks , the interpretability is always the achilles ' heel of deep neural networks . at present , deep neural networks obtain high discrimination power at the cost of low interpretability of their black - box repre ←
→ learning instrumental variables with non - gaussianity assumptions : theoretical limitations and practical algorithms ; learning a causal effect from observational data is not straightforward , as this is not possible without further assumptions . if hidden common causes between treatment $ x $ and outcome $ y $ cannot be blocked by other measurements , one possibility is to use an instrumental variable . in principle , it is possible under some assumptions to discover whether a variable is structurally instrumental ←
→ neural machine translation by minimising the bayes - risk with respect to syntactic translation lattices ; we present a novel scheme to combine neural machine translation ( nmt ) with traditional statistical machine translation ( smt ). our approach borrows ideas from linearised lattice minimum bayes - risk decoding for smt . the nmt score is combined with the bayes - risk of the translation according the smt lattice . this makes our approach much more flexible than $ n $- best list or lattice rescoring as the neural de ←
→ achieving approximate soft clustering in data streams ; in recent years , data streaming has gained prominence due to advances in technologies that enable many applications to generate continuous flows of data . this increases the need to develop algorithms that are able to efficiently process data streams . additionally , real - time requirements and evolving nature of data streams make stream mining problems , including clustering , challenging research problems . in this paper , we propose a one - pass streaming s ←
→ gibbs max - margin topic models with data augmentation ; max - margin learning is a powerful approach to building classifiers and structured output predictors . recent work on max - margin supervised topic models has successfully integrated it with bayesian topic models to discover discriminative latent semantic structures and make accurate predictions for unseen testing data . however , the resulting learning problems are usually hard to solve because of the non - smoothness of the margin loss . existing approaches to ←
→ integrating cardinal direction relations and other orientation relations in qualitative spatial reasoning ; we propose a calculus integrating two calculi well - known in qualitative spatial reasoning ( qsr ): frank ' s projection - based cardinal direction calculus , and a coarser version of freksa ' s relative orientation calculus . an original constraint propagation procedure is presented , which implements the interaction between the two integrated calculi . the importance of taking into account the interaction is s ←
→ how to explain individual classification decisions ; after building a classifier with modern tools of machine learning we typically have a black box at hand that is able to predict well for unseen data . thus , we get an answer to the question what is the most likely label of a given unseen data point . however , most methods will provide no answer why the model predicted the particular label for a single instance and what features were most influential for that particular instance . the only method that is curr ←
→ a simpler condition for consistency of a kernel independence test ; a statistical test of independence may be constructed using the hilbert - schmidt independence criterion ( hsic ) as a test statistic . the hsic is defined as the distance between the embedding of the joint distribution , and the embedding of the product of the marginals , in a reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ). it has previously been shown that when the kernel used in defining the joint embedding is characteristic ( that is , the embedding of ←
→ selective de - noising of sparse - coloured images ; since time immemorial , noise has been a constant source of disturbance to the various entities known to mankind . noise models of different kinds have been developed to study noise in more detailed fashion over the years . image processing , particularly , has extensively implemented several algorithms to reduce noise in photographs and pictorial documents to alleviate the effect of noise . images with sparse colours - lesser number of distinct colours in them - are c ←
→ a data augmentation methodology for training machine / deep learning gait recognition algorithms ; there are several confounding factors that can reduce the accuracy of gait recognition systems . these factors can reduce the distinctiveness , or alter the features used to characterise gait , they include variations in clothing , lighting , pose and environment , such as the walking surface . full invariance to all confounding factors is challenging in the absence of high - quality labelled training data . we introduc ←
→ prior - aware dual decomposition : document - specific topic inference for spectral topic models ; spectral topic modeling algorithms operate on matrices / tensors of word co - occurrence statistics to learn topic - specific word distributions . this approach removes the dependence on the original documents and produces substantial gains in efficiency and provable topic inference , but at a cost : the model can no longer provide information about the topic composition of individual documents . recently thresholded linea ←
→ using genetic algorithms to benchmark the cloud ; this paper presents a novel application of genetic algorithms ( gas ) to quantify the performance of platform as a service ( paas ), a cloud service model that plays a critical role in both industry and academia . while cloud benchmarks are not new , in this novel concept , the authors use a ga to take advantage of the elasticity in cloud services in a graceful manner that was not previously possible . using google app engine , heroku , and python anywhere with three d ←
→ morphological error detection in 3d segmentations ; deep learning algorithms for connectomics rely upon localized classification , rather than overall morphology . this leads to a high incidence of erroneously merged objects . humans , by contrast , can easily detect such errors by acquiring intuition for the correct morphology of objects . biological neurons have complicated and variable shapes , which are challenging to learn , and merge errors take a multitude of different forms . we present an algorithm , mergene ←
→ using convolutional neural networks in robots with limited computational resources : detecting nao robots while playing soccer ; the main goal of this paper is to analyze the general problem of using convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) in robots with limited computational capabilities , and to propose general design guidelines for their use . in addition , two different cnn based nao robot detectors that are able to run in real - time while playing soccer are proposed . one of the detectors is based on the xnor ←
→ learning heteroscedastic models by convex programming under group sparsity ; popular sparse estimation methods based on $\ ell_1 $- relaxation , such as the lasso and the dantzig selector , require the knowledge of the variance of the noise in order to properly tune the regularization parameter . this constitutes a major obstacle in applying these methods in several frameworks --- such as time series , random fields , inverse problems --- for which the noise is rarely homoscedastic and its level is hard to know in ad ←
→ sar image despeckling algorithms using stochastic distances and nonlocal means ; this paper presents two approaches for filter design based on stochastic distances for intensity speckle reduction . a window is defined around each pixel , overlapping samples are compared and only those which pass a goodness - of - fit test are used to compute the filtered value . the tests stem from stochastic divergences within the information theory framework . the technique is applied to intensity synthetic aperture radar ( sar )←
→ logical analysis of natural language semantics to solve the problem of computer understanding ; an object -- oriented approach to create a natural language understanding system is considered . the understanding program is a formal system built on the base of predicative calculus . horn ' s clauses are used as well -- formed formulas . an inference is based on the principle of resolution . sentences of natural language are represented in the view of typical predicate set . these predicates describe physical objects a ←
→ cumulative restricted boltzmann machines for ordinal matrix data analysis ; ordinal data is omnipresent in almost all multiuser - generated feedback - questionnaires , preferences etc . this paper investigates modelling of ordinal data with gaussian restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ). in particular , we present the model architecture , learning and inference procedures for both vector - variate and matrix - variate ordinal data . we show that our model is able to capture latent opinion profile of citizens around t ←
→ fast forward feature selection for the nonlinear classification of hyperspectral images ; a fast forward feature selection algorithm is presented in this paper . it is based on a gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) classifier . gmm are used for classifying hyperspectral images . the algorithm selects iteratively spectral features that maximizes an estimation of the classification rate . the estimation is done using the k - fold cross validation . in order to perform fast in terms of computing time , an efficient impleme ←
→ an improved em algorithm ; in this paper , we firstly give a brief introduction of expectation maximization ( em ) algorithm , and then discuss the initial value sensitivity of expectation maximization algorithm . subsequently , we give a short proof of em ' s convergence . then , we implement experiments with the expectation maximization algorithm ( we implement all the experiments on gaussion mixture model ( gmm )). our experiment with expectation maximization is performed in the following three cases : initialize rand ←
→ unsupervised learning of important objects from first - person videos ; a first - person camera , placed at a person ' s head , captures , which objects are important to the camera wearer . most prior methods for this task learn to detect such important objects from the manually labeled first - person data in a supervised fashion . however , important objects are strongly related to the camera wearer ' s internal state such as his intentions and attention , and thus , only the person wearing the camera can provide the import ←
→ the singularity may never be near ; there is both much optimism and pessimism around artificial intelligence ( ai ) today . the optimists are investing millions of dollars , and even in some cases billions of dollars into ai . the pessimists , on the other hand , predict that ai will end many things : jobs , warfare , and even the human race . both the optimists and the pessimists often appeal to the idea of a technological singularity , a point in time where machine intelligence starts to run away , and a new , more int ←
→ output space search for structured prediction ; we consider a framework for structured prediction based on search in the space of complete structured outputs . given a structured input , an output is produced by running a time - bounded search procedure guided by a learned cost function , and then returning the least cost output uncovered during the search . this framework can be instantiated for a wide range of search spaces and search procedures , and easily incorporates arbitrary structured - prediction loss func ←
→ building computer network attacks ; in this work we start walking the path to a new perspective for viewing cyberwarfare scenarios , by introducing conceptual tools ( a formal model ) to evaluate the costs of an attack , to describe the theater of operations , targets , missions , actions , plans and assets involved in cyberwarfare attacks . we also describe two applications of this model : autonomous planning leading to automated penetration tests , and attack simulations , allowing a system administrator to evaluate ←
→ hybrid bayesian networks with linear deterministic variables ; when a hybrid bayesian network has conditionally deterministic variables with continuous parents , the joint density function for the continuous variables does not exist . conditional linear gaussian distributions can handle such cases when the continuous variables have a multi - variate normal distribution and the discrete variables do not have continuous parents . in this paper , operations required for performing inference with conditionally determ ←
→ cryptocurrency portfolio management with deep reinforcement learning ; portfolio management is the decision - making process of allocating an amount of fund into different financial investment products . cryptocurrencies are electronic and decentralized alternatives to government - issued money , with bitcoin as the best - known example of a cryptocurrency . this paper presents a model - less convolutional neural network with historic prices of a set of financial assets as its input , outputting portfolio weights of th ←
→ scalable greedy algorithms for transfer learning ; in this paper we consider the binary transfer learning problem , focusing on how to select and combine sources from a large pool to yield a good performance on a target task . constraining our scenario to real world , we do not assume the direct access to the source data , but rather we employ the source hypotheses trained from them . we propose an efficient algorithm that selects relevant source hypotheses and feature dimensions simultaneously , building on the ←
→ factorized asymptotic bayesian inference for factorial hidden markov models ; factorial hidden markov models ( fhmms ) are powerful tools of modeling sequential data . learning fhmms yields a challenging simultaneous model selection issue , i . e ., selecting the number of multiple markov chains and the dimensionality of each chain . our main contribution is to address this model selection issue by extending factorized asymptotic bayesian ( fab ) inference to fhmms . first , we offer a better approximation of margina ←
→ sparse diffusion steepest - descent for one bit compressed sensing in wireless sensor networks ; this letter proposes a sparse diffusion steepest - descent algorithm for one bit compressed sensing in wireless sensor networks . the approach exploits the diffusion strategy from distributed learning in the one bit compressed sensing framework . to estimate a common sparse vector cooperatively from only the sign of measurements , steepest - descent is used to minimize the suitable global and local convex cost function ←
→ property analysis of symmetric travelling salesman problem instances acquired through evolution ; we show how an evolutionary algorithm can successfully be used to evolve a set of difficult to solve symmetric travelling salesman problem instances for two variants of the lin - kernighan algorithm . then we analyse the instances in those sets to guide us towards deferring general knowledge about the efficiency of the two variants in relation to structural properties of the symmetric travelling sale sman proble ←
→ bootstrapping deep lexical resources : resources for courses ; we propose a range of deep lexical acquisition methods which make use of morphological , syntactic and ontological language resources to model word similarity and bootstrap from a seed lexicon . the different methods are deployed in learning lexical items for a precision grammar , and shown to each have strengths and weaknesses over different word classes . a particular focus of this paper is the relative accessibility of different language resource ←
→ causal inference in observational data ; our aging population increasingly suffers from multiple chronic diseases simultaneously , necessitating the comprehensive treatment of these conditions . finding the optimal set of drugs for a combinatorial set of diseases is a combinatorial pattern exploration problem . association rule mining is a popular tool for such problems , but the requirement of health care for finding causal , rather than associative , patterns renders association rule mining unsuitable . to addre ←
→ contextually learnt detection of unusual motion - based behaviour in crowded public spaces ; in this paper we are interested in analyzing behaviour in crowded public places at the level of holistic motion . our aim is to learn , without user input , strong scene priors or labelled data , the scope of " normal behaviour " for a particular scene and thus alert to novelty in unseen footage . the first contribution is a low - level motion model based on what we term tracklet primitives , which are scene - specific elementa ←
→ virtual information system on working area ; in order to get strategic positioning for competition in business organization , the information system must be ahead in this information age where the information as one of the weapons to win the competition and in the right hand the information will become a right bullet . the information system with the information technology support isn ' t enough if just only on internet or implemented with internet technology . the growth of information technology as tools for h ←
→ semantic - driven e - government : application of uschold and king ontology building methodology for semantic ontology models development ; electronic government ( e - government ) has been one of the most active areas of ontology development during the past six years . in e - government , ontologies are being used to describe and specify e - government services ( e - services ) because they enable easy composition , matching , mapping and merging of various e - government services . more importantly , they also facilitate the se ←
→ tensor decompositions : a new concept in brain data analysis ? ; matrix factorizations and their extensions to tensor factorizations and decompositions have become prominent techniques for linear and multilinear blind source separation ( bss ), especially multiway independent component analysis ( ica ), nonnegativematrix and tensor factorization ( nmf / ntf ), smooth component analysis ( smoca ) and sparse component analysis ( sca ). moreover , tensor decompositions have many other potential applications beyond multilinea ←
→ 3d shape segmentation with projective convolutional networks ; this paper introduces a deep architecture for segmenting 3d objects into their labeled semantic parts . our architecture combines image - based fully convolutional networks ( fcns ) and surface - based conditional random fields ( crfs ) to yield coherent segmentations of 3d shapes . the image - based fcns are used for efficient view - based reasoning about 3d object parts . through a special projection layer , fcn outputs are effectively aggregated across multi ←
→ translating videos to commands for robotic manipulation with deep recurrent neural networks ; we present a new method to translate videos to commands for robotic manipulation using deep recurrent neural networks ( rnn ). our framework first extracts deep features from the input video frames with a deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). two rnn layers with an encoder - decoder architecture are then used to encode the visual features and sequentially generate the output words as the command . we demonstrate t ←
→ learning for dynamic subsumption ; in this paper a new dynamic subsumption technique for boolean cnf formulae is proposed . it exploits simple and sufficient conditions to detect during conflict analysis , clauses from the original formula that can be reduced by subsumption . during the learnt clause derivation , and at each step of the resolution process , we simply check for backward subsumption between the current resolvent and clauses from the original formula and encoded in the implication graph . our approa ←
→ a survey of model compression and acceleration for deep neural networks ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have recently achieved great success in many visual recognition tasks . however , existing deep convolutional neural network models are computationally expensive and memory intensive , hindering their deployment in devices with low memory resources or in applications with strict latency requirements . therefore , a natural thought is to perform model compression and acceleration in deep networks wi ←
→ deep graph attention model ; graph classification is a problem with practical applications in many different domains . most of the existing methods take the entire graph into account when calculating graph features . in a graphlet - based approach , for instance , the entire graph is processed to get the total count of different graphlets or sub - graphs . in the real - world , however , graphs can be both large and noisy with discriminative patterns confined to certain regions in the graph only . in this work , we study ←
→ an attention - based word - level interaction model : relation detection for knowledge base question answering ; relation detection plays a crucial role in knowledge base question answering ( kbqa ) because of the high variance of relation expression in the question . traditional deep learning methods follow an encoding - comparing paradigm , where the question and the candidate relation are represented as vectors to compare their semantic similarity . max - or average - pooling operation , which compresses the sequence ←
→ using curvilinear features in focus for registering a single image to a 3d object ; in the context of 2d / 3d registration , this paper introduces an approach that allows to match features detected in two different modalities : photographs and 3d models , by using a common 2d reprensentation . more precisely , 2d images are matched with a set of depth images , representing the 3d model . after introducing the concept of curvilinear saliency , related to curvature estimation , we propose a new ridge and valley detect ←
→ kernel recursive abc : point estimation with intractable likelihood ; we propose a novel approach to parameter estimation for simulator - based statistical models with intractable likelihoods . the proposed method is recursive application of kernel abc and kernel herding to the same observed data . we provide a theoretical explanation regarding why this approach works , showing ( for the population setting ) that the point estimate obtained with this method converges to the true parameter as recursion proceeds , und ←
→ typed hilbert epsilon operators and the semantics of determiner phrases ( invited lecture ) ; the semantics of determiner phrases , be they definite de - scriptions , indefinite descriptions or quantified noun phrases , is often as - sumed to be a fully solved question : common nouns are properties , and determiners are generalised quantifiers that apply to two predicates : the property corresponding to the common noun and the one corresponding to the verb phrase . we first present a criticism of this standard view .←
→ adaptive information - theoretic bounded rational decision - making with parametric priors ; deviations from rational decision - making due to limited computational resources have been studied in the field of bounded rationality , originally proposed by herbert simon . there have been a number of different approaches to model bounded rationality ranging from optimality principles to heuristics . here we take an information - theoretic approach to bounded rationality , where information - processing costs are measured b ←
→ fundamental principles of cortical computation : unsupervised learning with prediction , compression and feedback ; there has been great progress in understanding of anatomical and functional microcircuitry of the primate cortex . however , the fundamental principles of cortical computation - the principles that allow the visual cortex to bind retinal spikes into representations of objects , scenes and scenarios - have so far remained elusive . in an attempt to come closer to understanding the fundamental princ ←
→ super logic programs ; the autoepistemic logic of knowledge and belief ( aelb ) is a powerful nonmonotic formalism introduced by teodor przymusinski in 1994 . in this paper , we specialize it to a class of theories called ` super logic programs '. we argue that these programs form a natural generalization of standard logic programs . in particular , they allow disjunctions and default negation of arbibrary positive objective formulas . our main results are two new and powerful characterizations of the static seman ←
→ motchallenge 2015 : towards a benchmark for multi - target tracking ; in the recent past , the computer vision community has developed centralized benchmarks for the performance evaluation of a variety of tasks , including generic object and pedestrian detection , 3d reconstruction , optical flow , single - object short - term tracking , and stereo estimation . despite potential pitfalls of such benchmarks , they have proved to be extremely helpful to advance the state of the art in the respective area . interestingly , the ←
→ signed networks , triadic interactions and the evolution of cooperation ; we outline a model to study the evolution of cooperation in a population of agents playing the prisoner ' s dilemma in signed networks . we highlight that if only dyadic interactions are taken into account , cooperation never evolves . however , when triadic considerations are introduced , a window of opportunity for emergence of cooperation as a stable behaviour emerges .←
→ data generator based on rbf network ; there are plenty of problems where the data available is scarce and expensive . we propose a generator of semi - artificial data with similar properties to the original data which enables development and testing of different data mining algorithms and optimization of their parameters . the generated data allow a large scale experimentation and simulations without danger of overfitting . the proposed generator is based on rbf networks which learn sets of gaussian kernels . lea ←
→ stability selection for structured variable selection ; in variable or graph selection problems , finding a right - sized model or controlling the number of false positives is notoriously difficult . recently , a meta - algorithm called stability selection was proposed that can provide reliable finite - sample control of the number of false positives . its benefits were demonstrated when used in conjunction with the lasso and orthogonal matching pursuit algorithms . in this paper , we investigate the applicability of ←
→ stochastic dual averaging methods using variance reduction techniques for regularized empirical risk minimization problems ; we consider a composite convex minimization problem associated with regularized empirical risk minimization , which often arises in machine learning . we propose two new stochastic gradient methods that are based on stochastic dual averaging method with variance reduction . our methods generate a sparser solution than the existing methods because we do not need to take the average of t ←
→ computing the shapley value in allocation problems : approximations and bounds , with an application to the italian vqr research assessment program ; in allocation problems , a given set of goods are assigned to agents in such a way that the social welfare is maximised , that is , the largest possible global worth is achieved . when goods are indivisible , it is possible to use money compensation to perform a fair allocation taking into account the actual contribution of all agents to the social welfare . coaliti ←
→ incremental top - k list comparison approach to robust multi - structure model fitting ; random hypothesis sampling lies at the core of many popular robust fitting techniques such as ransac . in this paper , we propose a novel hypothesis sampling scheme based on incremental computation of distances between partial rankings ( top -$ k $ lists ) derived from residual sorting information . our method simultaneously ( 1 ) guides the sampling such that hypotheses corresponding to all true structures can be quickly retrieved ←
→ matching image sets via adaptive multi convex hull ; traditional nearest points methods use all the samples in an image set to construct a single convex or affine hull model for classification . however , strong artificial features and noisy data may be generated from combinations of training samples when significant intra - class variations and / or noise occur in the image set . existing multi - model approaches extract local models by clustering each image set individually only once , with fixed clusters used for ←
→ higher dimensional homodyne filtering for suppression of incidental phase artifacts in multichannel mri ; the aim of this paper is to introduce procedural steps for extension of the 1d homodyne phase correction for k - space truncation in all gradient encoding directions . compared to the existing method applied to 2d partial k - space , signal losses introduced by the phase correction filter is observed to be minimal for the extended approach . in addition , the modified form of phase correction mitigates incide ←
→ a theoretical analysis of deep neural networks for texture classification ; we investigate the use of deep neural networks for the classification of image datasets where texture features are important for generating class - conditional discriminative representations . to this end , we first derive the size of the feature space for some standard textural features extracted from the input dataset and then use the theory of vapnik - chervonenkis dimension to show that hand - crafted feature extraction creates low - di ←
→ multi - stage suture detection for robot assisted anastomosis based on deep learning ; in robotic surgery , task automation and learning from demonstration combined with human supervision is an emerging trend for many new surgical robot platforms . one such task is automated anastomosis , which requires bimanual needle handling and suture detection . due to the complexity of the surgical environment and varying patient anatomies , reliable suture detection is difficult , which is further complicated by occlusion ←
→ click here : human - localized keypoints as guidance for viewpoint estimation ; we motivate and address a human - in - the - loop variant of the monocular viewpoint estimation task in which the location and class of one semantic object keypoint is available at test time . in order to leverage the keypoint information , we devise a convolutional neural network called click - here cnn ( ch - cnn ) that integrates the keypoint information with activations from the layers that process the image . it transforms the keypoint inf ←
→ proceedings first workshop on formal verification of autonomous vehicles ; these are the proceedings of the workshop on formal verification of autonomous vehicles , held on september 19th , 2017 in turin , italy , as an affiliated workshop of the international conference on integrated formal methods ( ifm 2017 ). the workshop aim is to bring together researchers from the formal verification community that are developing formal methods for autonomous vehicles as well as researchers working , e . g ., in the area of co ←
→ lensless photography with only an image sensor ; photography usually requires optics in conjunction with a recording device ( an image sensor ). eliminating the optics could lead to new form factors for cameras . here , we report a simple demonstration of imaging using a bare cmos sensor that utilizes computation . the technique relies on the space variant point - spread functions resulting from the interaction of a point source in the field of view with the image sensor . these space - variant point - spread functions ←
→ real - world transfer of evolved artificial immune system behaviours between small and large scale robotic platforms ; in mobile robotics , a solid test for adaptation is the ability of a control system to function not only in a diverse number of physical environments , but also on a number of different robotic platforms . this paper demonstrates that a set of behaviours evolved in simulation on a miniature robot ( epuck ) can be transferred to a much larger - scale platform ( pioneer ), both in simulation and in th ←
→ how to use the scuba diving metaphor to solve problem with neutrality ? ; we proposed a new search heuristic using the scuba diving metaphor . this approach is based on the concept of evolvability and tends to exploit neutrality which exists in many real - world problems . despite the fact that natural evolution does not directly select for evolvability , the basic idea behind the scuba search heuristic is to explicitly push evolvability to increase . a comparative study of the scuba algorithm and standard local ←
→ learning unified embedding for apparel recognition ; in apparel recognition , specialized models ( e . g . models trained for a particular vertical like dresses ) can significantly outperform general models ( i . e . models that cover a wide range of verticals ). therefore , deep neural network models are often trained separately for different verticals . however , using specialized models for different verticals is not scalable and expensive to deploy . this paper addresses the problem of learning one unified embedding m ←
→ learning linear dynamical systems with high - order tensor data for skeleton based action recognition ; in recent years , there has been renewed interest in developing methods for skeleton - based human action recognition . a skeleton sequence can be naturally represented as a high - order tensor time series . in this paper , we model and analyze tensor time series with linear dynamical system ( lds ) which is the most common for encoding spatio - temporal time - series data in various disciplines dut to its relative sim ←
→ intrinsic dimension of concept lattices ; geometric analysis is a very capable theory to understand the influence of the high dimensionality of the input data in machine learning ( ml ) and knowledge discovery ( kd ). with our approach we can assess how far the application of a specific kd / ml - algorithm to a concrete data set is prone to the curse of dimensionality . to this end we extend v .~ pestov ' s axiomatic approach to the instrinsic dimension of data sets , based on the seminal work by m .~ gromov on concentrati ←
→ encouraging lstms to anticipate actions very early ; in contrast to the widely studied problem of recognizing an action given a complete sequence , action anticipation aims to identify the action from only partially available videos . as such , it is therefore key to the success of computer vision applications requiring to react as early as possible , such as autonomous navigation . in this paper , we propose a new action anticipation method that achieves high prediction accuracy even in the presence of a very sm ←
→ automatic vehicle checking agent ( vca ) ; a definition of intelligence is given in terms of performance that can be quantitatively measured . in this study , we have presented a conceptual model of intelligent agent system for automatic vehicle checking agent ( vca ). to achieve this goal , we have introduced several kinds of agents that exhibit intelligent features . these are the management agent , internal agent , external agent , watcher agent and report agent . metrics and measurements are suggested for evaluatin ←
→ multiagent approach for the representation of information in a decision support system ; in an emergency situation , the actors need an assistance allowing them to react swiftly and efficiently . in this prospect , we present in this paper a decision support system that aims to prepare actors in a crisis situation thanks to a decision - making support . the global architecture of this system is presented in the first part . then we focus on a part of this system which is designed to represent the information of ←
→ new advances and theoretical insights into edml ; edml is a recently proposed algorithm for learning map parameters in bayesian networks . in this paper , we present a number of new advances and insights on the edml algorithm . first , we provide the multivalued extension of edml , originally proposed for bayesian networks over binary variables . next , we identify a simplified characterization of edml that further implies a simple fixed - point algorithm for the convex optimization problem that underlies it . this c ←
→ renewable energy prediction using weather forecasts for optimal scheduling in hpc systems ; the objective of the greenpad project is to use green energy ( wind , solar and biomass ) for powering data - centers that are used to run hpc jobs . as a part of this it is important to predict the renewable ( wind ) energy for efficient scheduling ( executing jobs that require higher energy when there is more green energy available and vice - versa ). for predicting the wind energy we first analyze the historical data to fin ←
→ neural morphological tagging from characters for morphologically rich languages ; this paper investigates neural character - based morphological tagging for languages with complex morphology and large tag sets . we systematically explore a variety of neural architectures ( dnn , cnn , cnnhighway , lstm , blstm ) to obtain character - based word vectors combined with bidirectional lstms to model across - word context in an end - to - end setting . we explore supplementary use of word - based vectors trained on large amounts o ←
→ adversarial learning for neural dialogue generation ; in this paper , drawing intuition from the turing test , we propose using adversarial training for open - domain dialogue generation : the system is trained to produce sequences that are indistinguishable from human - generated dialogue utterances . we cast the task as a reinforcement learning ( rl ) problem where we jointly train two systems , a generative model to produce response sequences , and a discriminator --- analagous to the human evaluator in the turing tes ←
→ low latency anomaly detection and bayesian network prediction of anomaly likelihood ; we develop a supervised machine learning model that detects anomalies in systems in real time . our model processes unbounded streams of data into time series which then form the basis of a low - latency anomaly detection model . moreover , we extend our preliminary goal of just anomaly detection to simultaneous anomaly prediction . we approach this very challenging problem by developing a bayesian network framework that captu ←
→ a rule - based computational model of cognitive arithmetic ; cognitive arithmetic studies the mental processes used in solving math problems . this area of research explores the retrieval mechanisms and strategies used by people during a common cognitive task . past research has shown that human performance in arithmetic operations is correlated to the numerical size of the problem . past research on cognitive arithmetic has pinpointed this trend to either retrieval strength , error checking , or strategy - based ap ←
→ adaboost with " keypoint presence features " for real - time vehicle visual detection ; we present promising results for real - time vehicle visual detection , obtained with adaboost using new original ? keypoints presence features ?. these weak - classifiers produce a boolean response based on presence or absence in the tested image of a ? keypoint ? (~ a surf interest point ) with a descriptor sufficiently similar ( i . e . within a given distance ) to a reference descriptor characterizing the feature . a first experiment ←
→ improving utility of brain tumor confocal laser endomicroscopy : objective value assessment and diagnostic frame detection with convolutional neural networks ; confocal laser endomicroscopy ( cle ), although capable of obtaining images at cellular resolution during surgery of brain tumors in real time , creates as many non - diagnostic as diagnostic images . non - useful images are often distorted due to relative motion between probe and brain or blood artifacts . many images , however , simply lack diagnostic feat ←
→ polynomial networks and factorization machines : new insights and efficient training algorithms ; polynomial networks and factorization machines are two recently - proposed models that can efficiently use feature interactions in classification and regression tasks . in this paper , we revisit both models from a unified perspective . based on this new view , we study the properties of both models and propose new efficient training algorithms . key to our approach is to cast parameter learning as a low - rank symmetr ←
→ livdet 2017 fingerprint liveness detection competition 2017 ; fingerprint presentation attack detection ( fpad ) deals with distinguishing images coming from artificial replicas of the fingerprint characteristic , made up of materials like silicone , gelatine or latex , and images coming from alive fingerprints . images are captured by modern scanners , typically relying on solid - state or optical technologies . since from 2009 , the fingerprint liveness detection competition ( livdet ) aims to assess the performance o ←
→ using probabilistic programs as proposals ; monte carlo inference has asymptotic guarantees , but can be slow when using generic proposals . handcrafted proposals that rely on user knowledge about the posterior distribution can be efficient , but are difficult to derive and implement . this paper proposes to let users express their posterior knowledge in the form of proposal programs , which are samplers written in probabilistic programming languages . one strategy for writing good proposal programs is to combine ←
→ super - resolution using sparse representations over learned dictionaries : reconstruction of brain structure using electron microscopy ; a central problem in neuroscience is reconstructing neuronal circuits on the synapse level . due to a wide range of scales in brain architecture such reconstruction requires imaging that is both high - resolution and high - throughput . existing electron microscopy ( em ) techniques possess required resolution in the lateral plane and either high - throughput or high depth resolutio ←
→ a large - scale car dataset for fine - grained categorization and verification ; updated on 24 / 09 / 2015 : this update provides preliminary experiment results for fine - grained classification on the surveillance data of compcars . the train / test splits are provided in the updated dataset . see details in section 6 .←
→ gap safe screening rules for sparse multi - task and multi - class models ; high dimensional regression benefits from sparsity promoting regularizations . screening rules leverage the known sparsity of the solution by ignoring some variables in the optimization , hence speeding up solvers . when the procedure is proven not to discard features wrongly the rules are said to be \ emph { safe }. in this paper we derive new safe rules for generalized linear models regularized with $\ ell_1 $ and $\ ell_1 /\ ell_2 $ norms . the ru ←
→ trust brokerage systems for the internet ; this thesis addresses the problem of providing trusted individuals with confidential information about other individuals , in particular , granting access to databases of personal records using the world - wide web . it proposes an access rights management system for distributed databases which aims to create and implement organisation structures based on the wishes of the owners and of demands of the users of the databases . the dissertation describes how current softwa ←
→ blockchain and artificial intelligence ; it is undeniable that artificial intelligence ( ai ) and blockchain concepts are spreading at a phenomenal rate . both technologies have distinct degree of technological complexity and multi - dimensional business implications . however , a common misunderstanding about blockchain concept , in particular , is that blockchain is decentralized and is not controlled by anyone . but the underlying development of a blockchain system is still attributed to a cluster of core develope ←
→ preparing bengali - english code - mixed corpus for sentiment analysis of indian languages ; analysis of informative contents and sentiments of social users has been attempted quite intensively in the recent past . most of the systems are usable only for monolingual data and fails or gives poor results when used on data with code - mixing property . to gather attention and encourage researchers to work on this crisis , we prepared gold standard bengali - english code - mixed data with language and polarity tag for sen ←
→ trained ternary quantization ; deep neural networks are widely used in machine learning applications . however , the deployment of large neural networks models can be difficult to deploy on mobile devices with limited power budgets . to solve this problem , we propose trained ternary quantization ( ttq ), a method that can reduce the precision of weights in neural networks to ternary values . this method has very little accuracy degradation and can even improve the accuracy of some models ( 32 , 44 , 56 - layer resnet )←
→ representing objects , relations , and sequences ; vector symbolic architectures ( vsas ) are high - dimensional vector representations of objects ( eg ., words , image parts ), relations ( eg ., sentence structures ), and sequences for use with machine learning algorithms . they consist of a vector addition operator for representing a collection of unordered objects , a binding operator for associating groups of objects , and a methodology for encoding complex structures . we first develop constraints that machine learni ←
→ a formal framework for speedup learning from problems and solutions ; speedup learning seeks to improve the computational efficiency of problem solving with experience . in this paper , we develop a formal framework for learning efficient problem solving from random problems and their solutions . we apply this framework to two different representations of learned knowledge , namely control rules and macro - operators , and prove theorems that identify sufficient conditions for learning in each representation . our ←
→ constrained sampling and counting : universal hashing meets sat solving ; constrained sampling and counting are two fundamental problems in artificial intelligence with a diverse range of applications , spanning probabilistic reasoning and planning to constrained - random verification . while the theory of these problems was thoroughly investigated in the 1980s , prior work either did not scale to industrial size instances or gave up correctness guarantees to achieve scalability . recently , we proposed a novel app ←
→ neumann optimizer : a practical optimization algorithm for deep neural networks ; progress in deep learning is slowed by the days or weeks it takes to train large models . the natural solution of using more hardware is limited by diminishing returns , and leads to inefficient use of additional resources . in this paper , we present a large batch , stochastic optimization algorithm that is both faster than widely used algorithms for fixed amounts of computation , and also scales up substantially better as more co ←
→ evolutionary approach for the containers bin - packing problem ; this paper deals with the resolution of combinatorial optimization problems , particularly those concerning the maritime transport scheduling . we are interested in the management platforms in a river port and more specifically in container organisation operations with a view to minimizing the number of container rehandlings . subsequently , we rmeet customers delivery deadlines and we reduce ship stoppage time in this paper , we propose a genetic al ←
→ some logics of belief and disbelief ; the introduction of explicit notions of rejection , or disbelief , into logics for knowledge representation can be justified in a number of ways . motivations range from the need for versions of negation weaker than classical negation , to the explicit recording of classic belief contraction operations in the area of belief change , and the additional levels of expressivity obtained from an extended version of belief change which includes disbelief contraction . in this paper ←
→ a structural correlation filter combined with a multi - task gaussian particle filter for visual tracking ; in this paper , we propose a novel structural correlation filter combined with a multi - task gaussian particle filter ( kcf - gpf ) model for robust visual tracking . we first present an assemble structure where several kcf trackers as weak experts provide a preliminary decision for a gaussian particle filter to make a final decision . the proposed method is designed to exploit and complement the strength of ←
→ learning to select computations ; efficient use of limited computational resources is essential to intelligence . selecting computations optimally according to rational metareasoning would achieve this , but rational metareasoning is computationally intractable . inspired by psychology and neuroscience , we propose the first learning algorithm for approximating the optimal selection of computations . we derive a general , sample - efficient reinforcement learning algorithm for learning to select computations from t ←
→ adaptive admm with spectral penalty parameter selection ; the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) is a versatile tool for solving a wide range of constrained optimization problems , with differentiable or non - differentiable objective functions . unfortunately , its performance is highly sensitive to a penalty parameter , which makes admm often unreliable and hard to automate for a non - expert user . we tackle this weakness of admm by proposing a method to adaptively tune the penalty parameters to a ←
→ fast selection of spectral variables with b - spline compression ; the large number of spectral variables in most data sets encountered in spectral chemometrics often renders the prediction of a dependent variable uneasy . the number of variables hopefully can be reduced , by using either projection techniques or selection methods ; the latter allow for the interpretation of the selected variables . since the optimal approach of testing all possible subsets of variables with the prediction model is intractable , a ←
→ remote sensing image classification with large scale gaussian processes ; current remote sensing image classification problems have to deal with an unprecedented amount of heterogeneous and complex data sources . upcoming missions will soon provide large data streams that will make land cover / use classification difficult . machine learning classifiers can help at this , and many methods are currently available . a popular kernel classifier is the gaussian process classifier ( gpc ), since it approaches the classi ←
→ opinion mining on non - english short text ; as the type and the number of such venues increase , automated analysis of sentiment on textual resources has become an essential data mining task . in this paper , we investigate the problem of mining opinions on the collection of informal short texts . both positive and negative sentiment strength of texts are detected . we focus on a non - english language that has few resources for text mining . this approach would help enhance the sentiment analysis in languages where ←
→ a semantic approach for the requirement - driven discovery of web services in the life sciences ; research in the life sciences depends on the integration of large , distributed and heterogeneous data sources and web services . the discovery of which of these resources are the most appropriate to solve a given task is a complex research question , since there is a large amount of plausible candidates and there is little , mostly unstructured , metadata to be able to decide among them . we contribute a semi - automat ←
→ gated word - character recurrent language model ; we introduce a recurrent neural network language model ( rnn - lm ) with long short - term memory ( lstm ) units that utilizes both character - level and word - level inputs . our model has a gate that adaptively finds the optimal mixture of the character - level and word - level inputs . the gate creates the final vector representation of a word by combining two distinct representations of the word . the character - level inputs are converted into vector representations of words ←
→ testing for homogeneity with kernel fisher discriminant analysis ; we propose to investigate test statistics for testing homogeneity in reproducing kernel hilbert spaces . asymptotic null distributions under null hypothesis are derived , and consistency against fixed and local alternatives is assessed . finally , experimental evidence of the performance of the proposed approach on both artificial data and a speaker verification task is provided .←
→ adversarially learned inference ; we introduce the adversarially learned inference ( ali ) model , which jointly learns a generation network and an inference network using an adversarial process . the generation network maps samples from stochastic latent variables to the data space while the inference network maps training examples in data space to the space of latent variables . an adversarial game is cast between these two networks and a discriminative network is trained to distinguish between joint latent / da ←
→ a vision for continuous automated game design ; angelina is an automated game design system which has previously been built as a single software block which designs games from start to finish . in this paper we outline a roadmap for the development of a new version of angelina , designed to iterate on games in different ways to produce a continuous creative process that will improve the quality of its work , but more importantly improve the perception of the software as being an independently creative piece of ←
→ bootstrapping graph convolutional neural networks for autism spectrum disorder classification ; using predictive models to identify patterns that can act as biomarkers for different neuropathoglogical conditions is becoming highly prevalent . in this paper , we consider the problem of autism spectrum disorder ( asd ) classification . while non - invasive imaging measurements , such as the rest state fmri , are typically used in this problem , it can be beneficial to incorporate a wide variety of non - imaging feature ←
→ computational model for predicting visual fixations from childhood to adulthood ; how people look at visual information reveals fundamental information about themselves , their interests and their state of mind . while previous visual attention models output static 2 - dimensional saliency maps , saccadic models aim to predict not only where observers look at but also how they move their eyes to explore the scene . here we demonstrate that saccadic models are a flexible framework that can be tailored to emulate ←
→ backdoors to tractable answer - set programming ; answer set programming ( asp ) is an increasingly popular framework for declarative programming that admits the description of problems by means of rules and constraints that form a disjunctive logic program . in particular , many ai problems such as reasoning in a nonmonotonic setting can be directly formulated in asp . although the main problems of asp are of high computational complexity , located at the second level of the polynomial hierarchy , several restricti ←
→ conflict and surprise : heuristics for model revision ; any probabilistic model of a problem is based on assumptions which , if violated , invalidate the model . users of probability based decision aids need to be alerted when cases arise that are not covered by the aid ' s model . diagnosis of model failure is also necessary to control dynamic model construction and revision . this paper presents a set of decision theoretically motivated heuristics for diagnosing situations in which a model is likely to provide an ←
→ pac - bayesian analysis of martingales and multiarmed bandits ; we present two alternative ways to apply pac - bayesian analysis to sequences of dependent random variables . the first is based on a new lemma that enables to bound expectations of convex functions of certain dependent random variables by expectations of the same functions of independent bernoulli random variables . this lemma provides an alternative tool to hoeffding - azuma inequality to bound concentration of martingale values . our second approach ←
→ improving social media text summarization by learning sentence weight distribution ; recently , encoder - decoder models are widely used in social media text summarization . however , these models sometimes select noise words in irrelevant sentences as part of a summary by error , thus declining the performance . in order to inhibit irrelevant sentences and focus on key information , we propose an effective approach by learning sentence weight distribution . in our model , we build a multi - layer perceptron to predi ←
→ evolutionary image composition using feature covariance matrices ; evolutionary algorithms have recently been used to create a wide range of artistic work . in this paper , we propose a new approach for the composition of new images from existing ones , that retain some salient features of the original images . we introduce evolutionary algorithms that create new images based on a fitness function that incorporates feature covariance matrices associated with different parts of the images . this approach is very ←
→ fast optimization of wildfire suppression policies with smac ; managers of us national forests must decide what policy to apply for dealing with lightning - caused wildfires . conflicts among stakeholders ( e . g ., timber companies , home owners , and wildlife biologists ) have often led to spirited political debates and even violent eco - terrorism . one way to transform these conflicts into multi - stakeholder negotiations is to provide a high - fidelity simulation environment in which stakeholders can explore the space ←
→ computational understanding and manipulation of symmetries ; for natural and artificial systems with some symmetry structure , computational understanding and manipulation can be achieved without learning by exploiting the algebraic structure . here we describe this algebraic coordinatization method and apply it to permutation puzzles . coordinatization yields a structural understanding , not just solutions for the puzzles .←
→ texture synthesis with recurrent variational auto - encoder ; we propose a recurrent variational auto - encoder for texture synthesis . a novel loss function , fltbnk , is used for training the texture synthesizer . it is rotational and partially color invariant loss function . unlike l2 loss , fltbnk explicitly models the correlation of color intensity between pixels . our texture synthesizer generates neighboring tiles to expand a sample texture and is evaluated using various texture patterns from describable textur ←
→ emotion recognition in the wild using deep neural networks and bayesian classifiers ; group emotion recognition in the wild is a challenging problem , due to the unstructured environments in which everyday life pictures are taken . some of the obstacles for an effective classification are occlusions , variable lighting conditions , and image quality . in this work we present a solution based on a novel combination of deep neural networks and bayesian classifiers . the neural network works on a bottom - up approac ←
→ acewiki : a natural and expressive semantic wiki ; we present acewiki , a prototype of a new kind of semantic wiki using the controlled natural language attempto controlled english ( ace ) for representing its content . ace is a subset of english with a restricted grammar and a formal semantics . the use of ace has two important advantages over existing semantic wikis . first , we can improve the usability and achieve a shallow learning curve . second , ace is more expressive than the formal languages of existing sem ←
→ deeptest : automated testing of deep - neural - network - driven autonomous cars ; recent advances in deep neural networks ( dnns ) have led to the development of dnn - driven autonomous cars that , using sensors like camera , lidar , etc ., can drive without any human intervention . most major manufacturers including tesla , gm , ford , bmw , and waymo / google are working on building and testing different types of autonomous vehicles . the lawmakers of several us states including california , texas , and new york have passed ne ←
→ analysis of the noise in back - projection light field acquisition and its optimization ; light field reconstruction from images captured by focal plane sweeping can achieve high lateral resolution comparable to the modern camera sensor . this is impossible for the conventional micro - lenslet based light field capture systems . however , the severe defocus noise and the low depth resolution limit its applications . in this paper , we analyze the defocus noise and the depth resolution in the focal plane sweeping b ←
→ the margitron : a generalised perceptron with margin ; we identify the classical perceptron algorithm with margin as a member of a broader family of large margin classifiers which we collectively call the margitron . the margitron , ( despite its ) sharing the same update rule with the perceptron , is shown in an incremental setting to converge in a finite number of updates to solutions possessing any desirable fraction of the maximum margin . experiments comparing the margitron with decomposition svms on tasks in ←
→ a unified algorithmic framework for multi - dimensional scaling ; in this paper , we propose a unified algorithmic framework for solving many known variants of \ mds . our algorithm is a simple iterative scheme with guaranteed convergence , and is \ emph { modular }; by changing the internals of a single subroutine in the algorithm , we can switch cost functions and target spaces easily . in addition to the formal guarantees of convergence , our algorithms are accurate ; in most cases , they converge to better quality sol ←
→ affective neural response generation ; existing neural conversational models process natural language primarily on a lexico - syntactic level , thereby ignoring one of the most crucial components of human - to - human dialogue : its affective content . we take a step in this direction by proposing three novel ways to incorporate affective / emotional aspects into long short term memory ( lstm ) encoder - decoder neural conversation models : ( 1 ) affective word embeddings , which are cognitively engineered , ( 2 ) affect - based o ←
→ marginal sequential monte carlo for doubly intractable models ; bayesian inference for models that have an intractable partition function is known as a doubly intractable problem , where standard monte carlo methods are not applicable . the past decade has seen the development of auxiliary variable monte carlo techniques ( m {\ o } ller et al ., 2006 ; murray et al ., 2006 ) for tackling this problem ; these approaches being members of the more general class of pseudo - marginal , or exact - approximate , monte carlo algorit ←
→ design of a p system based artificial graph chemistry ; artificial chemistries ( acs ) are symbolic chemical metaphors for the exploration of artificial life , with specific focus on the origin of life . in this work we define a p system based artificial graph chemistry to understand the principles leading to the evolution of life - like structures in an ac set up and to develop a unified framework to characterize and classify symbolic artificial chemistries by devising appropriate formalism to capture semantic a ←
→ deep supervised learning using local errors ; error backpropagation is a highly effective mechanism for learning high - quality hierarchical features in deep networks . updating the features or weights in one layer , however , requires waiting for the propagation of error signals from higher layers . learning using delayed and non - local errors makes it hard to reconcile backpropagation with the learning mechanisms observed in biological neural networks as it requires the neurons to maintain a memory of the input ←
→ script identification in natural scene image and video frame using attention based convolutional - lstm network ; script identification plays a significant role in analysing documents and videos . in this paper , we focus on the problem of script identification in scene text images and video scripts . because of low image quality , complex background and similar layout of characters shared by some scripts like greek , latin , etc ., text recognition in those cases become challenging . most of the recent approaches ←
→ semantics and pragmatics in actual software applications and in web search engines : exploring innovations ; while new ways to use the semantic web are developed every week , which allow the user to find information on web more accurately - for example in search engines - some sophisticated pragmatic tools are becoming more important - for example in web interfaces known as social intelligence , or in the most famous siri by apple . the work aims to analyze whether and where we can identify the boundary betwe ←
→ graph clustering , variational image segmentation methods and hough transform scale detection for object measurement in images ; we consider the problem of scale detection in images where a region of interest is present together with a measurement tool ( e . g . a ruler ). for the segmentation part , we focus on the graph based method by flenner and bertozzi which reinterprets classical continuous ginzburg - landau minimisation models in a totally discrete framework . to overcome the numerical difficulties due to t ←
→ on a topic model for sentences ; probabilistic topic models are generative models that describe the content of documents by discovering the latent topics underlying them . however , the structure of the textual input , and for instance the grouping of words in coherent text spans such as sentences , contains much information which is generally lost with these models . in this paper , we propose sentencelda , an extension of lda whose goal is to overcome this limitation by incorporating the structure of the text in ←
→ concrete problems in ai safety ; rapid progress in machine learning and artificial intelligence ( ai ) has brought increasing attention to the potential impacts of ai technologies on society . in this paper we discuss one such potential impact : the problem of accidents in machine learning systems , defined as unintended and harmful behavior that may emerge from poor design of real - world ai systems . we present a list of five practical research problems related to accident risk , categorized according to whether t ←
→ mrf - based background initialisation for improved foreground detection in cluttered surveillance videos ; robust foreground object segmentation via background modelling is a difficult problem in cluttered environments , where obtaining a clear view of the background to model is almost impossible . in this paper , we propose a method capable of robustly estimating the background and detecting regions of interest in such environments . in particular , we propose to extend the background initialisation component o ←
→ mbmf : model - based priors for model - free reinforcement learning ; reinforcement learning is divided in two main paradigms : model - free and model - based . each of these two paradigms has strengths and limitations , and has been successfully applied to real world domains that are appropriate to its corresponding strengths . in this paper , we present a new approach aimed at bridging the gap between these two paradigms . we aim to take the best of the two paradigms and combine them in an approach that is at the same t ←
→ quicksilver : fast predictive image registration - a deep learning approach ; this paper introduces quicksilver , a fast deformable image registration method . quicksilver registration for image - pairs works by patch - wise prediction of a deformation model based directly on image appearance . a deep encoder - decoder network is used as the prediction model . while the prediction strategy is general , we focus on predictions for the large deformation diffeomorphic metric mapping ( lddmm ) model . specifically , we predi ←
→ linking geographic vocabularies through wordnet ; the linked open data ( lod ) paradigm has emerged as a promising approach to structuring and sharing geospatial information . one of the major obstacles to this vision lies in the difficulties found in the automatic integration between heterogeneous vocabularies and ontologies that provides the semantic backbone of the growing constellation of open geo - knowledge bases . in this article , we show how to utilize wordnet as a semantic hub to increase the integration ←
→ proceedings of the lexsem + logics workshop 2016 ; lexical semantics continues to play an important role in driving research directions in nlp , with the recognition and understanding of context becoming increasingly important in delivering successful outcomes in nlp tasks . besides traditional processing areas such as word sense and named entity disambiguation , the creation and maintenance of dictionaries , annotated corpora and resources have become cornerstones of lexical semantics research and produced a wea ←
→ mirrorflow : exploiting symmetries in joint optical flow and occlusion estimation ; optical flow estimation is one of the most studied problems in computer vision , yet recent benchmark datasets continue to reveal problem areas of today ' s approaches . occlusions have remained one of the key challenges . in this paper , we propose a symmetric optical flow method to address the well - known chicken - and - egg relation between optical flow and occlusions . in contrast to many state - of - the - art methods that consider occl ←
→ spatiotemporal networks for video emotion recognition ; our experiment adapts several popular deep learning methods as well as some traditional methods on the problem of video emotion recognition . in our experiment , we use the cnn - lstm architecture for visual information extraction and classification and utilize traditional methods such as for audio feature classification . for multimodal fusion , we use the traditional support vector machine . our experiment yields a good result on the afew 6 . 0 dataset .←
→ deep metric learning for practical person re - identification ; various hand - crafted features and metric learning methods prevail in the field of person re - identification . compared to these methods , this paper proposes a more general way that can learn a similarity metric from image pixels directly . by using a " siamese " deep neural network , the proposed method can jointly learn the color feature , texture feature and metric in a unified framework . the network has a symmetry structure with two sub - networks whic ←
→ an analysis of parallelized motion masking using dual - mode single gaussian models ; motion detection in video is important for a number of applications and fields . in video surveillance , motion detection is an essential accompaniment to activity recognition for early warning systems . robotics also has much to gain from motion detection and segmentation , particularly in high speed motion tracking for tactile systems . there are a myriad of techniques for detecting and masking motion in an image . successful ←
→ deep convolutional neural networks for segmenting 3d in vivo multiphoton images of vasculature in alzheimer disease mouse models ; the health and function of tissue rely on its vasculature network to provide reliable blood perfusion . volumetric imaging approaches , such as multiphoton microscopy , are able to generate detailed 3d images of blood vessels that could contribute to our understanding of the role of vascular structure in normal physiology and in disease mechanisms . the segmentation of vessels , a ←
→ feature engineering and ensemble modeling for paper acceptance rank prediction ; measuring research impact and ranking academic achievement are important and challenging problems . having an objective picture of research institution is particularly valuable for students , parents and funding agencies , and also attracts attention from government and industry . kdd cup 2016 proposes the paper acceptance rank prediction task , in which the participants are asked to rank the importance of institutions based on pr ←
→ estimating $ β $- mixing coefficients ; the literature on statistical learning for time series assumes the asymptotic independence or `` mixing ' of the data - generating process . these mixing assumptions are never tested , nor are there methods for estimating mixing rates from data . we give an estimator for the $\ beta $- mixing rate based on a single stationary sample path and show it is $ l_1 $- risk consistent .←
→ fast on - line kernel density estimation for active object localization ; a major goal of computer vision is to enable computers to interpret visual situations --- abstract concepts ( e . g ., " a person walking a dog ," " a crowd waiting for a bus ," " a picnic ") whose image instantiations are linked more by their common spatial and semantic structure than by low - level visual similarity . in this paper , we propose a novel method for prior learning and active object localization for this kind of knowledge - driven search i ←
→ plug - and - play cnn for crowd motion analysis : an application in abnormal event detection ; most of the crowd abnormal event detection methods rely on complex hand - crafted features to represent the crowd motion and appearance . convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have shown to be a powerful tool with excellent representational capacities , which can leverage the need for hand - crafted features . in this paper , we show that keeping track of the changes in the cnn feature across time can facilitate capturing the ←
→ bridgenets : student - teacher transfer learning based on recursive neural networks and its application to distant speech recognition ; despite the remarkable progress achieved on automatic speech recognition , recognizing far - field speeches mixed with various noise sources is still a challenging task . in this paper , we introduce novel student - teacher transfer learning , bridgenet which can provide a solution to improve distant speech recognition . there are two key features in bridgenet . first , bridgenet exten ←
→ solving planning domains with polytree causal graphs is np - complete ; we show that solving planning domains on binary variables with polytree causal graph is \ np - complete . this is in contrast to a polynomial - time algorithm of domshlak and brafman that solves these planning domains for polytree causal graphs of bounded indegree .←
→ diverse weighted bipartite b - matching ; bipartite matching , where agents on one side of a market are matched to agents or items on the other , is a classical problem in computer science and economics , with widespread application in healthcare , education , advertising , and general resource allocation . a practitioner ' s goal is typically to maximize a matching market ' s economic efficiency , possibly subject to some fairness requirements that promote equal access to resources . a natural balancing act exists betwee ←
→ rethinking collapsed variational bayes inference for lda ; we propose a novel interpretation of the collapsed variational bayes inference with a zero - order taylor expansion approximation , called cvb0 inference , for latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ). we clarify the properties of the cvb0 inference by using the alpha - divergence . we show that the cvb0 inference is composed of two different divergence projections : alpha = 1 and - 1 . this interpretation will help shed light on cvb0 works .←
→ senteval : an evaluation toolkit for universal sentence representations ; we introduce senteval , a toolkit for evaluating the quality of universal sentence representations . senteval encompasses a variety of tasks , including binary and multi - class classification , natural language inference and sentence similarity . the set of tasks was selected based on what appears to be the community consensus regarding the appropriate evaluations for universal sentence representations . the toolkit comes with scripts to down ←
→ performance characterization of image feature detectors in relation to the scene content utilizing a large image database ; selecting the most suitable local invariant feature detector for a particular application has rendered the task of evaluating feature detectors a critical issue in vision research . no state - of - the - art image feature detector works satisfactorily under all types of image transformations . although the literature offers a variety of comparison works focusing on performance evaluation of ←
→ learning and inference in knowledge - based probabilistic model for medical diagnosis ; based on a weighted knowledge graph to represent first - order knowledge and combining it with a probabilistic model , we propose a methodology for the creation of a medical knowledge network ( mkn ) in medical diagnosis . when a set of symptoms is activated for a specific patient , we can generate a ground medical knowledge network composed of symptom nodes and potential disease nodes . by incorporating a boltzmann machine into ←
→ information - theoretic representation learning for positive - unlabeled classification ; recent advances in weakly supervised classification allow us to train a classifier only from positive and unlabeled ( pu ) data . however , existing pu classification methods typically require an accurate estimate of the class - prior probability , which is a critical bottleneck particularly for high - dimensional data . this problem has been commonly addressed by applying principal component analysis in advance , but such unsuperv ←
→ pi - vio : robust and efficient stereo visual inertial odometry using points and lines ; in this paper , we present the perceptin visual inertial odometry ( pi - vio ), a tightly - coupled filtering - based stereo vio system using both points and lines . line features help improve system robustness in challenging scenarios when point features cannot be reliably detected or tracked , e . g . low - texture environment or lighting change . in addition , we propose a new lightweight filtering - based loop closing technique to reduc ←
→ temporal action detection with structured segment networks ; detecting actions in untrimmed videos is an important yet challenging task . in this paper , we present the structured segment network ( ssn ), a novel framework which models the temporal structure of each action instance via a structured temporal pyramid . on top of the pyramid , we further introduce a decomposed discriminative model comprising two classifiers , respectively for classifying actions and determining completeness . this allows the framework ←
→ sort story : sorting jumbled images and captions into stories ; temporal common sense has applications in ai tasks such as qa , multi - document summarization , and human - ai communication . we propose the task of sequencing -- given a jumbled set of aligned image - caption pairs that belong to a story , the task is to sort them such that the output sequence forms a coherent story . we present multiple approaches , via unary ( position ) and pairwise ( order ) predictions , and their ensemble - based combinations , achieving s ←
→ archetypal analysis for sparse representation - based hyperspectral sub - pixel quantification ; the estimation of land cover fractions from remote sensing images is a frequently used indicator of the environmental quality . this paper focuses on the quantification of land cover fractions in an urban area of berlin , germany , using simulated hyperspectral enmap data with a spatial resolution of 30m $\ times $ 30m . we use constrained sparse representation , where each pixel with unknown surface characteristics is exp ←
→ diffusion - convolutional neural networks ; we present diffusion - convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ), a new model for graph - structured data . through the introduction of a diffusion - convolution operation , we show how diffusion - based representations can be learned from graph - structured data and used as an effective basis for node classification . dcnns have several attractive qualities , including a latent representation for graphical data that is invariant under isomorphism , as well as polynomial - time predicti ←
→ discussion among different methods of updating model filter in object tracking ; discriminative correlation filters ( dcf ) have recently shown excellent performance in visual object tracking area . in this paper , we summarize the methods of updating model filter from discriminative correlation filter ( dcf ) based tracking algorithms and analyzes similarities and differences among these methods . we deduce the relationship among updating coefficient in high dimension ( kernel trick ), updating filter in frequenc ←
→ limits on representing boolean functions by linear combinations of simple functions : thresholds , relus , and low - degree polynomials ; we consider the problem of representing boolean functions exactly by " sparse " linear combinations ( over $\ mathbb { r }$) of functions from some " simple " class ${\ cal c }$. in particular , given ${\ cal c }$ we are interested in finding low - complexity functions lacking sparse representations . when ${\ cal c }$ is the set of parity functions or the set of conjunctions , this sort of pro ←
→ escape : a large - scale synthetic corpus for automatic post - editing ; training models for the automatic correction of machine - translated text usually relies on data consisting of ( source , mt , human post - edit ) triplets providing , for each source sentence , examples of translation errors with the corresponding corrections made by a human post - editor . ideally , a large amount of data of this kind should allow the model to learn reliable correction patterns and effectively apply them at test stage on unseen ( sourc ←
→ learning - based dequantization for image restoration against extremely poor illumination ; all existing image enhancement methods , such as hdr tone mapping , cannot recover a / d quantization losses due to insufficient or excessive lighting , ( underflow and overflow problems ). the loss of image details due to a / d quantization is complete and it cannot be recovered by traditional image processing methods , but the modern data - driven machine learning approach offers a much needed cure to the problem . in this work ←
→ name disambiguation in anonymized graphs using network embedding ; in real - world , our dna is unique but many people share names . this phenomenon often causes erroneous aggregation of documents of multiple persons who are namesake of one another . such mistakes deteriorate the performance of document retrieval , web search , and more seriously , cause improper attribution of credit or blame in digital forensic . to resolve this issue , the name disambiguation task is designed which aims to partition the documents ←
→ applying deep learning techniques on medical corpora from the world wide web : a prototypical system and evaluation ; background : the amount of biomedical literature is rapidly growing and it is becoming increasingly difficult to keep manually curated knowledge bases and ontologies up - to - date . in this study we applied the word2vec deep learning toolkit to medical corpora to test its potential for identifying relationships from unstructured text . we evaluated the efficiency of word2vec in identifying proper ←
→ a probabilistic algorithm for calculating structure : borrowing from simulated annealing ; we have developed a general bayesian algorithm for determining the coordinates of points in a three - dimensional space . the algorithm takes as input a set of probabilistic constraints on the coordinates of the points , and an a priori distribution for each point location . the output is a maximum - likelihood estimate of the location of each point . we use the extended , iterated kalman filter , and add a search heuristic fo ←
→ robust emotion recognition from low quality and low bit rate video : a deep learning approach ; emotion recognition from facial expressions is tremendously useful , especially when coupled with smart devices and wireless multimedia applications . however , the inadequate network bandwidth often limits the spatial resolution of the transmitted video , which will heavily degrade the recognition reliability . we develop a novel framework to achieve robust emotion recognition from low bit rate video . while video fr ←
→ polish read speech corpus for speech tools and services ; this paper describes the speech processing activities conducted at the polish consortium of the clarin project . the purpose of this segment of the project was to develop specific tools that would allow for automatic and semi - automatic processing of large quantities of acoustic speech data . the tools include the following : grapheme - to - phoneme conversion , speech - to - text alignment , voice activity detection , speaker diarization , keyword spotting and auto ←
→ matrix completion and related problems via strong duality ; this work studies the strong duality of non - convex matrix factorization problems : we show that under certain dual conditions , these problems and its dual have the same optimum . this has been well understood for convex optimization , but little was known for non - convex problems . we propose a novel analytical framework and show that under certain dual conditions , the optimal solution of the matrix factorization program is the same as its bi - dual and t ←
→ the case for automatic database administration using deep reinforcement learning ; like any large software system , a full - fledged dbms offers an overwhelming amount of configuration knobs . these range from static initialisation parameters like buffer sizes , degree of concurrency , or level of replication to complex runtime decisions like creating a secondary index on a particular column or reorganising the physical layout of the store . to simplify the configuration , industry grade dbmss are usually shipped ←
→ designing spontaneous speech search interface for historical archives ; spontaneous speech in the form of conversations , meetings , voice - mail , interviews , oral history , etc . is one of the most ubiquitous forms of human communication . search engines providing access to such speech collections have the potential to better inform intelligence and make relevant data over vast audio / video archives available to users . this project presents a search user interface design supporting search tasks over a speech colle ←
→ non - negative matrix factorization , convexity and isometry ; in this paper we explore avenues for improving the reliability of dimensionality reduction methods such as non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) as interpretive exploratory data analysis tools . we first explore the difficulties of the optimization problem underlying nmf , showing for the first time that non - trivial nmf solutions always exist and that the optimization problem is actually convex , by using the theory of completely positive factorizat ←
→ distribution of the search of evolutionary product unit neural networks for classification ; this paper deals with the distributed processing in the search for an optimum classification model using evolutionary product unit neural networks . for this distributed search we used a cluster of computers . our objective is to obtain a more efficient design than those net architectures which do not use a distributed process and which thus result in simpler designs . in order to get the best classification models w ←
→ multi - volume high resolution rgb - d mapping with dynamic volume placement ; we present a novel rgb - d mapping system for generating 3d maps over spatially extended regions with higher resolution than current methods using multiple , dynamically placed mapping volumes . our method takes in rgb - d frames and dynamically assigns multiple mapping volumes to the environment , exchanging mapping volumes between the cpu and gpu . mapping volumes are added or removed as needed to allow for spatially extended , high resolut ←
→ real time unsupervised learning of visual stimuli in neuromorphic vlsi systems ; neuromorphic chips embody computational principles operating in the nervous system , into microelectronic devices . in this domain it is important to identify computational primitives that theory and experiments suggest as generic and reusable cognitive elements . one such element is provided by attractor dynamics in recurrent networks . point attractors are equilibrium states of the dynamics ( up to fluctuations ), determined by t ←
→ tree - cnn : a deep convolutional neural network for lifelong learning ; in recent years , convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have shown remarkable performance in many computer vision tasks such as object recognition and detection . however , complex training issues , such as " catastrophic forgetting " and hyper - parameter tuning , make incremental learning in cnns a difficult challenge . in this paper , we propose a hierarchical deep neural network , with cnns at multiple levels , and a corresponding training method f ←
→ consensus ranking under the exponential model ; we analyze the generalized mallows model , a popular exponential model over rankings . estimating the central ( or consensus ) ranking from data is np - hard . we obtain the following new results : ( 1 ) we show that search methods can estimate both the central ranking pi0 and the model parameters theta exactly . the search is n ! in the worst case , but is tractable when the true distribution is concentrated around its mode ; ( 2 ) we show that the generalized mallows model ←
→ activity detection with latent sub - event hierarchy learning ; in this paper , we introduce a new convolutional layer named the temporal gaussian mixture ( tgm ) layer and present how it can be used to efficiently capture temporal structure in continuous activity videos . our layer is designed to allow the model to learn a latent hierarchy of sub - event intervals . our approach is fully differentiable while relying on a significantly less number of parameters , enabling its end - to - end training with standard backpro ←
→ how to advance general game playing artificial intelligence by player modelling ; general game playing artificial intelligence has recently seen important advances due to the various techniques known as ' deep learning '. however the advances conceal equally important limitations in their reliance on : massive data sets ; fortuitously constructed problems ; and absence of any human - level complexity , including other human opponents . on the other hand , deep learning systems which do beat human champions , such as ←
→ temporal attention model for neural machine translation ; attention - based neural machine translation ( nmt ) models suffer from attention deficiency issues as has been observed in recent research . we propose a novel mechanism to address some of these limitations and improve the nmt attention . specifically , our approach memorizes the alignments temporally ( within each sentence ) and modulates the attention with the accumulated temporal memory , as the decoder generates the candidate translation . we compare our a ←
→ mapping mutable genres in structurally complex volumes ; to mine large digital libraries in humanistically meaningful ways , scholars need to divide them by genre . this is a task that classification algorithms are well suited to assist , but they need adjustment to address the specific challenges of this domain . digital libraries pose two problems of scale not usually found in the article datasets used to test these algorithms . 1 ) because libraries span several centuries , the genres being identified may chang ←
→ towards generalization and simplicity in continuous control ; this work shows that policies with simple linear and rbf parameterizations can be trained to solve a variety of continuous control tasks , including the openai gym benchmarks . the performance of these trained policies are competitive with state of the art results , obtained with more elaborate parameterizations such as fully connected neural networks . furthermore , existing training and testing scenarios are shown to be very limited and prone to ove ←
→ exploration on generating traditional chinese medicine prescription from symptoms with an end - to - end method ; traditional chinese medicine ( tcm ) is an influential form of medical treatment in china and surrounding areas . in this paper , we propose a tcm prescription generation task that aims to automatically generate a herbal medicine prescription based on textual symptom descriptions . sequence - to - sequence ( seq2seq ) model has been successful in dealing with conditional sequence generation tasks like dialog ←
→ unsupervised domain adaptation in brain lesion segmentation with adversarial networks ; significant advances have been made towards building accurate automatic segmentation systems for a variety of biomedical applications using machine learning . however , the performance of these systems often degrades when they are applied on new data that differ from the training data , for example , due to variations in imaging protocols . manually annotating new data for each test domain is not a feasible solution . in thi ←
→ medical aid for automatic detection of malaria ; the analysis and counting of blood cells in a microscope image can provide useful information concerning to the health of a person . in particular , morphological analysis of red blood cells deformations can effectively detect important disease like malaria . blood images , obtained by the microscope , which is coupled with a digital camera , are analyzed by the computer for diagnosis or can be transmitted easily to clinical centers than liquid blood samples . autom ←
→ probabilistic segmentation via total variation regularization ; we present a convex approach to probabilistic segmentation and modeling of time series data . our approach builds upon recent advances in multivariate total variation regularization , and seeks to learn a separate set of parameters for the distribution over the observations at each time point , but with an additional penalty that encourages the parameters to remain constant over time . we propose efficient optimization methods for solving the resul ←
→ clustering validity based on the most similarity ; one basic requirement of many studies is the necessity of classifying data . clustering is a proposed method for summarizing networks . clustering methods can be divided into two categories named model - based approaches and algorithmic approaches . since the most of clustering methods depend on their input parameters , it is important to evaluate the result of a clustering algorithm with its different input parameters , to choose the most appropriate one . there a ←
→ k - modulus method for image transformation ; in this paper , we propose a new algorithm to make a novel spatial image transformation . the proposed approach aims to reduce the bit depth used for image storage . the basic technique for the proposed transformation is based of the modulus operator . the goal is to transform the whole image into multiples of predefined integer . the division of the whole image by that integer will guarantee that the new image surely less in size from the original image . the k - modulus ←
→ carla : an open urban driving simulator ; we introduce carla , an open - source simulator for autonomous driving research . carla has been developed from the ground up to support development , training , and validation of autonomous urban driving systems . in addition to open - source code and protocols , carla provides open digital assets ( urban layouts , buildings , vehicles ) that were created for this purpose and can be used freely . the simulation platform supports flexible specification of sensor suites and environm ←
→ lexical and derivational meaning in vector - based models of relativisation ; sadrzadeh et al ( 2013 ) present a compositional distributional analysis of relative clauses in english in terms of the frobenius algebraic structure of finite dimensional vector spaces . the analysis relies on distinct type assignments and lexical recipes for subject vs object relativisation . the situation for dutch is different : because of the verb final nature of dutch , relative clauses are ambiguous between a subject vs object re ←
→ generative adversarial networks for electronic health records : a framework for exploring and evaluating methods for predicting drug - induced laboratory test trajectories ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) represent a promising class of generative networks that combine neural networks with game theory . from generating realistic images and videos to assisting musical creation , gans are transforming many fields of arts and sciences . however , their application to healthcare has not been fully realized ,←
→ inferring multilateral relations from dynamic pairwise interactions ; correlations between anomalous activity patterns can yield pertinent information about complex social processes : a significant deviation from normal behavior , exhibited simultaneously by multiple pairs of actors , provides evidence for some underlying relationship involving those pairs --- i . e ., a multilateral relation . we introduce a new nonparametric bayesian latent variable model that explicitly captures correlations between anomalous int ←
→ an empirical comparison of algorithms for aggregating expert predictions ; predicting the outcomes of future events is a challenging problem for which a variety of solution methods have been explored and attempted . we present an empirical comparison of a variety of online and offline adaptive algorithms for aggregating experts ' predictions of the outcomes of five years of us national football league games ( 1319 games ) using expert probability elicitations obtained from an internet contest called probability ←
→ accelerated image reconstruction for nonlinear diffractive imaging ; the problem of reconstructing an object from the measurements of the light it scatters is common in numerous imaging applications . while the most popular formulations of the problem are based on linearizing the object - light relationship , there is an increased interest in considering nonlinear formulations that can account for multiple light scattering . in this paper , we propose an image reconstruction method , called cisor , for nonlinear di ←
→ inferring team strengths using a discrete markov random field ; we propose an original model for inferring team strengths using a markov random field , which can be used to generate historical estimates of the offensive and defensive strengths of a team over time . this model was designed to be applied to sports such as soccer or hockey , in which contest outcomes take value in a limited discrete space . we perform inference using a combination of expectation maximization and loopy belief propagation . the chall ←
→ ultimate slam ? combining events , images , and imu for robust visual slam in hdr and high speed scenarios ; event cameras are bio - inspired vision sensors that output pixel - level brightness changes instead of standard intensity frames . these cameras do not suffer from motion blur and have a very high dynamic range , which enables them to provide reliable visual information during high speed motions or in scenes characterized by high dynamic range . however , event cameras output only little information when the ←
→ fractal - based detection of microcalcification clusters in digital mammograms ; in this paper , a novel method for edge detection of microcalcification clusters in mammogram images is presented using the concept of fractal dimension and hurst co - efficient that enables to locate the microcalcifications in the mammograms . this technique detects the edges accurately than the ones obtained by the conventional sobel method . generally , sobel method detects the edges of the regions / objects in an image using the fu ←
→ ensembles of deep lstm learners for activity recognition using wearables ; recently , deep learning ( dl ) methods have been introduced very successfully into human activity recognition ( har ) scenarios in ubiquitous and wearable computing . especially the prospect of overcoming the need for manual feature design combined with superior classification capabilities render deep neural networks very attractive for real - life har application . even though dl - based approaches now outperform the state - of - the - art in a num ←
→ argument labeling of explicit discourse relations using lstm neural networks ; argument labeling of explicit discourse relations is a challenging task . the state of the art systems achieve slightly above 55 % f - measure but require hand - crafted features . in this paper , we propose a long short term memory ( lstm ) based model for argument labeling . we experimented with multiple configurations of our model . using the pdtb dataset , our best model achieved an f1 measure of 23 . 05 % without any feature engineering . ←
→ parkinson ' s disease patient rehabilitation using gaming platforms : lessons learnt ; parkinson ' s disease ( pd ) is a progressive neurodegenerative movement disorder where motor dysfunction gradually increases as the disease progress . in addition to administering dopaminergic pd - specific drugs , attending neurologists strongly recommend regular exercise combined with physiotherapy . however , because of the long - term nature of the disease , patients following traditional rehabilitation programs may get bored , los ←
→ learning unsupervised visual grounding through semantic self - supervision ; localizing natural language phrases in images is a challenging problem that requires joint understanding of both the textual and visual modalities . in the unsupervised setting , lack of supervisory signals exacerbate this difficulty . in this paper , we propose a novel framework for unsupervised visual grounding which uses concept learning as a proxy task to obtain self - supervision . the simple intuition behind this idea is to encourage ←
→ nonparametric spherical topic modeling with word embeddings ; traditional topic models do not account for semantic regularities in language . recent distributional representations of words exhibit semantic consistency over directional metrics such as cosine similarity . however , neither categorical nor gaussian observational distributions used in existing topic models are appropriate to leverage such correlations . in this paper , we propose to use the von mises - fisher distribution to model the density of words ←
→ from optimal transport to generative modeling : the vegan cookbook ; we study unsupervised generative modeling in terms of the optimal transport ( ot ) problem between true ( but unknown ) data distribution $ p_x $ and the latent variable model distribution $ p_g $. we show that the ot problem can be equivalently written in terms of probabilistic encoders , which are constrained to match the posterior and prior distributions over the latent space . when relaxed , this constrained optimization problem leads to a penaliz ←
→ efficient deep processing of japanese ; we present a broad coverage japanese grammar written in the hpsg formalism with mrs semantics . the grammar is created for use in real world applications , such that robustness and performance issues play an important role . it is connected to a pos tagging and word segmentation tool . this grammar is being developed in a multilingual context , requiring mrs structures that are easily comparable across languages .←
→ cooperative tracking of cyclists based on smart devices and infrastructure ; in future traffic scenarios , vehicles and other traffic participants will be interconnected and equipped with various types of sensors , allowing for cooperation based on data or information exchange . this article presents an approach to cooperative tracking of cyclists using smart devices and infrastructure - based sensors . a smart device is carried by the cyclists and an intersection is equipped with a wide angle stereo camera sys ←
→ double ramp loss based reject option classifier ; we consider the problem of learning reject option classifiers . the goodness of a reject option classifier is quantified using $ 0 - d - 1 $ loss function wherein a loss $ d \ in ( 0 ,. 5 )$ is assigned for rejection . in this paper , we propose {\ em double ramp loss } function which gives a continuous upper bound for $( 0 - d - 1 )$ loss . our approach is based on minimizing regularized risk under the double ramp loss using {\ em difference of convex ( dc ) programming }. we show the ←
→ bijective faithful translations among default logics ; in this article , we study translations between variants of defaults logics such that the extensions of the theories that are the input and the output of the translation are in a bijective correspondence . we assume that a translation can introduce new variables and that the result of translating a theory can either be produced in time polynomial in the size of the theory or its output is polynomial in that size ; we however restrict to the case in which t ←
→ efficient structure from motion for oblique uav images based on maximal spanning tree expansions ; the primary contribution of this paper is an efficient structure from motion ( sfm ) solution for oblique unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav ) images . first , an algorithm , considering spatial relationship constrains between image footprints , is designed for match pair selection with assistant of uav flight control data and oblique camera mounting angles . second , a topological connection network ( tcn ), represented by ←
→ factorized topic models ; in this paper we present a modification to a latent topic model , which makes the model exploit supervision to produce a factorized representation of the observed data . the structured parameterization separately encodes variance that is shared between classes from variance that is private to each class by the introduction of a new prior over the topic space . the approach allows for a more eff {} icient inference and provides an intuitive interpretation of the data in terms of an infor ←
→ can : creative adversarial networks , generating " art " by learning about styles and deviating from style norms ; we propose a new system for generating art . the system generates art by looking at art and learning about style ; and becomes creative by increasing the arousal potential of the generated art by deviating from the learned styles . we build over generative adversarial networks ( gan ), which have shown the ability to learn to generate novel images simulating a given distribution . we argue that such ne ←
→ ontocat : automatically categorizing knowledge in api documentation ; most application development happens in the context of complex apis ; reference documentation for apis has grown tremendously in variety , complexity , and volume , and can be difficult to navigate . there is a growing need to develop well - organized ways to access the knowledge latent in the documentation ; several research efforts deal with the organization ( ontology ) of api - related knowledge . extensive knowledge - engineering work , supported by ←
→ a new look at reweighted message passing ; we propose a new family of message passing techniques for map estimation in graphical models which we call {\ em sequential reweighted message passing } ( srmp ). special cases include well - known techniques such as {\ em min - sum diffusion } ( msd ) and a faster {\ em sequential tree - reweighted message passing } ( trw - s ). importantly , our derivation is simpler than the original derivation of trw - s , and does not involve a decomposition into trees . this allows easy generalizatio ←
→ practical coreset constructions for machine learning ; we investigate coresets - succinct , small summaries of large data sets - so that solutions found on the summary are provably competitive with solution found on the full data set . we provide an overview over the state - of - the - art in coreset construction for machine learning . in section 2 , we present both the intuition behind and a theoretically sound framework to construct coresets for general problems and apply it to $ k $- means clustering . in section 3 we ←
→ variational inference for policy gradient ; inspired by the seminal work on stein variational inference and stein variational policy gradient , we derived a method to generate samples from the posterior variational parameter distribution by \ textit { explicitly } minimizing the kl divergence to match the target distribution in an amortize fashion . consequently , we applied this varational inference technique into vanilla policy gradient , trpo and ppo with bayesian neural network parameterizations for reinforceme ←
→ multi - modal human - machine communication for instructing robot grasping tasks ; a major challenge for the realization of intelligent robots is to supply them with cognitive abilities in order to allow ordinary users to program them easily and intuitively . one way of such programming is teaching work tasks by interactive demonstration . to make this effective and convenient for the user , the machine must be capable to establish a common focus of attention and be able to use and integrate spoken instructions ,←
→ a textual transform of multivariate time - series for prognostics ; prognostics or early detection of incipient faults is an important industrial challenge for condition - based and preventive maintenance . physics - based approaches to modeling fault progression are infeasible due to multiple interacting components , uncontrolled environmental factors and observability constraints . moreover , such approaches to prognostics do not generalize to new domains . consequently , domain - agnostic data - driven machine learning ←
→ deep residual learning for small - footprint keyword spotting ; we explore the application of deep residual learning and dilated convolutions to the keyword spotting task , using the recently - released google speech commands dataset as our benchmark . our best residual network ( resnet ) implementation significantly outperforms google ' s previous convolutional neural networks in terms of accuracy . by varying model depth and width , we can achieve compact models that also outperform previous small - footprint variants .←
→ a new trend in optimization on multi overcomplete dictionary toward inpainting ; recently , great attention was intended toward overcomplete dictionaries and the sparse representations they can provide . in a wide variety of signal processing problems , sparsity serves a crucial property leading to high performance . inpainting , the process of reconstructing lost or deteriorated parts of images or videos , is an interesting application which can be handled by suitably decomposition of an image through combinat ←
→ enhancement of noisy planar nuclear medicine images using mean field annealing ; nuclear medicine ( nm ) images inherently suffer from large amounts of noise and blur . the purpose of this research is to reduce the noise and blur while maintaining image integrity for improved diagnosis . the proposed solution is to increase image quality after the standard pre - and post - processing undertaken by a gamma camera system . mean field annealing ( mfa ) is the image processing technique used in this research . it is a c ←
→ towards dense volumetric pancreas segmentation in ct using 3d fully convolutional networks ; pancreas segmentation in computed tomography imaging has been historically difficult for automated methods because of the large shape and size variations between patients . in this work , we describe a custom - build 3d fully convolutional network ( fcn ) that can process a 3d image including the whole pancreas and produce an automatic segmentation . we investigate two variations of the 3d fcn architecture ; one with conc ←
→ square root graphical models : multivariate generalizations of univariate exponential families that permit positive dependencies ; we develop square root graphical models ( sqr ), a novel class of parametric graphical models that provides multivariate generalizations of univariate exponential family distributions . previous multivariate graphical models [ yang et al . 2015 ] did not allow positive dependencies for the exponential and poisson generalizations . however , in many real - world datasets , variables clearl ←
→ memetic search in differential evolution algorithm ; differential evolution ( de ) is a renowned optimization stratagem that can easily solve nonlinear and comprehensive problems . de is a well known and uncomplicated population based probabilistic approach for comprehensive optimization . it has apparently outperformed a number of evolutionary algorithms and further search heuristics in the vein of particle swarm optimization at what time of testing over both yardstick and actual world problems . nevertheless , ←
→ dirichlet process mixtures of generalized mallows models ; we present a dirichlet process mixture model over discrete incomplete rankings and study two gibbs sampling inference techniques for estimating posterior clusterings . the first approach uses a slice sampling subcomponent for estimating cluster parameters . the second approach marginalizes out several cluster parameters by taking advantage of approximations to the conditional posteriors . we empirically demonstrate ( 1 ) the effectiveness of this approxi ←
→ disjunctive datalog with existential quantifiers : semantics , decidability , and complexity issues ; datalog is one of the best - known rule - based languages , and extensions of it are used in a wide context of applications . an important datalog extension is disjunctive datalog , which significantly increases the expressivity of the basic language . disjunctive datalog is useful in a wide range of applications , ranging from databases ( e . g ., data integration ) to artificial intelligence ( e . g ., diagnosis and plannin ←
→ learning the preferences of ignorant , inconsistent agents ; an important use of machine learning is to learn what people value . what posts or photos should a user be shown ? which jobs or activities would a person find rewarding ? in each case , observations of people ' s past choices can inform our inferences about their likes and preferences . if we assume that choices are approximately optimal according to some utility function , we can treat preference inference as bayesian inverse planning . that is , given a p ←
→ momentsnet : a simple learning - free method for binary image recognition ; in this paper , we propose a new simple and learning - free deep learning network named momentsnet , whose convolution layer , nonlinear processing layer and pooling layer are constructed by moments kernels , binary hashing and block - wise histogram , respectively . twelve typical moments ( including geometrical moment , zernike moment , tchebichef moment , etc .) are used to construct the momentsnet whose recognition performance for binary image is ←
→ conditional deep learning for energy - efficient and enhanced pattern recognition ; deep learning neural networks have emerged as one of the most powerful classification tools for vision related applications . however , the computational and energy requirements associated with such deep nets can be quite high , and hence their energy - efficient implementation is of great interest . although traditionally the entire network is utilized for the recognition of all inputs , we observe that the classification difficul ←
→ learning functional causal models with generative neural networks ; we introduce a new approach to functional causal modeling from observational data . the approach , called causal generative neural networks ( cgnn ), leverages the power of neural networks to learn a generative model of the joint distribution of the observed variables , by minimizing the maximum mean discrepancy between generated and observed data . an approximate learning criterion is proposed to scale the computational cost of the approach to l ←
→ reweighted wake - sleep ; training deep directed graphical models with many hidden variables and performing inference remains a major challenge . helmholtz machines and deep belief networks are such models , and the wake - sleep algorithm has been proposed to train them . the wake - sleep algorithm relies on training not just the directed generative model but also a conditional generative model ( the inference network ) that runs backward from visible to latent , estimating the posterior distribution of latent given vi ←
→ 3d surface - to - structure translation using deep convolutional networks ; our demonstration shows a system that estimates internal body structures from 3d surface models using deep convolutional neural networks trained on ct ( computed tomography ) images of the human body . to take pictures of structures inside the body , we need to use a ct scanner or an mri ( magnetic resonance imaging ) scanner . however , assuming that the mutual information between outer shape of the body and its inner structure is not zero , we ←
→ privacy - preserving multi - document summarization ; state - of - the - art extractive multi - document summarization systems are usually designed without any concern about privacy issues , meaning that all documents are open to third parties . in this paper we propose a privacy - preserving approach to multi - document summarization . our approach enables other parties to obtain summaries without learning anything else about the original documents ' content . we use a hashing scheme known as secure binary embeddings to conver ←
→ foreground detection in camouflaged scenes ; foreground detection has been widely studied for decades due to its importance in many practical applications . most of the existing methods assume foreground and background show visually distinct characteristics and thus the foreground can be detected once a good background model is obtained . however , there are many situations where this is not the case . of particular interest in video surveillance is the camouflage case . for example , an active attacker camouflag ←
→ drift analysis ; drift analysis is one of the major tools for analysing evolutionary algorithms and nature - inspired search heuristics . in this chapter we give an introduction to drift analysis and give some examples of how to use it for the analysis of evolutionary algorithms .←
→ fast algorithm of high - resolution microwave imaging using the non - parametric generalized reflectivity model ; this paper presents an efficient algorithm of high - resolution microwave imaging based on the concept of generalized reflectivity . the contribution made in this paper is two - fold . we introduce the concept of non - parametric generalized reflectivity ( gr , for short ) as a function of operational frequencies and view angles , etc . the gr extends the conventional born - based imaging model , i . e ., single - sca ←
→ a computational approach to politeness with application to social factors ; we propose a computational framework for identifying linguistic aspects of politeness . our starting point is a new corpus of requests annotated for politeness , which we use to evaluate aspects of politeness theory and to uncover new interactions between politeness markers and context . these findings guide our construction of a classifier with domain - independent lexical and syntactic features operationalizing key components of poli ←
→ a fuzzy approach for segmentation of touching characters ; the problem of correctly segmenting touching characters is an hard task to solve and it is of major relevance in pattern recognition . in the recent years , many methods and algorithms have been proposed ; still , a definitive solution is far from being found . in this paper , we propose a novel method based on fuzzy logic . the proposed method combines in a novel way three features for segmenting touching characters that have been already proposed in othe ←
→ max - cosine matching based neural models for recognizing textual entailment ; recognizing textual entailment is a fundamental task in a variety of text mining or natural language processing applications . this paper proposes a simple neural model for rte problem . it first matches each word in the hypothesis with its most - similar word in the premise , producing an augmented representation of the hypothesis conditioned on the premise as a sequence of word pairs . the lstm model is then used to model this augmen ←
→ fast exact search in hamming space with multi - index hashing ; there is growing interest in representing image data and feature descriptors using compact binary codes for fast near neighbor search . although binary codes are motivated by their use as direct indices ( addresses ) into a hash table , codes longer than 32 bits are not being used as such , as it was thought to be ineffective . we introduce a rigorous way to build multiple hash tables on binary code substrings that enables exact k - nearest neighbor sear ←
→ adversarially regularized graph autoencoder ; graph embedding is an effective method to represent graph data in a low dimensional space for graph analytics . most existing embedding algorithms typically focus on preserving the topological structure or minimizing the reconstruction errors of graph data , but they have mostly ignored the data distribution of the latent codes from the graphs , which often results in inferior embedding in real - world graph data . in this paper , we propose a novel adversarial graph e ←
→ finding optimal bayesian networks ; in this paper , we derive optimality results for greedy bayesian - network search algorithms that perform single - edge modifications at each step and use asymptotically consistent scoring criteria . our results extend those of meek ( 1997 ) and chickering ( 2002 ), who demonstrate that in the limit of large datasets , if the generative distribution is perfect with respect to a dag defined over the observable variables , such search algorithms will identify this optimal ( i . e . generat ←
→ a parallel algorithm for exact bayesian structure discovery in bayesian networks ; exact bayesian structure discovery in bayesian networks requires exponential time and space . using dynamic programming ( dp ), the fastest known sequential algorithm computes the exact posterior probabilities of structural features in $ o ( 2 ( d + 1 ) n2 ^ n )$ time and space , if the number of nodes ( variables ) in the bayesian network is $ n $ and the in - degree ( the number of parents ) per node is bounded by a constant $ d $. here we present ←
→ to prune , or not to prune : exploring the efficacy of pruning for model compression ; model pruning seeks to induce sparsity in a deep neural network ' s various connection matrices , thereby reducing the number of nonzero - valued parameters in the model . recent reports ( han et al ., 2015 ; narang et al ., 2017 ) prune deep networks at the cost of only a marginal loss in accuracy and achieve a sizable reduction in model size . this hints at the possibility that the baseline models in these experiments are perhaps s ←
→ exploiting cyclic symmetry in convolutional neural networks ; many classes of images exhibit rotational symmetry . convolutional neural networks are sometimes trained using data augmentation to exploit this , but they are still required to learn the rotation equivariance properties from the data . encoding these properties into the network architecture , as we are already used to doing for translation equivariance by using convolutional layers , could result in a more efficient use of the parameter budget by rel ←
→ orthogonal and idempotent transformations for learning deep neural networks ; identity transformations , used as skip - connections in residual networks , directly connect convolutional layers close to the input and those close to the output in deep neural networks , improving information flow and thus easing the training . in this paper , we introduce two alternative linear transforms , orthogonal transformation and idempotent transformation . according to the definition and property of orthogonal and idempotent ←
→ a multi - batch l - bfgs method for machine learning ; the question of how to parallelize the stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) method has received much attention in the literature . in this paper , we focus instead on batch methods that use a sizeable fraction of the training set at each iteration to facilitate parallelism , and that employ second - order information . in order to improve the learning process , we follow a multi - batch approach in which the batch changes at each iteration . this can cause difficulties ←
→ joint sequence learning and cross - modality convolution for 3d biomedical segmentation ; deep learning models such as convolutional neural net - work have been widely used in 3d biomedical segmentation and achieve state - of - the - art performance . however , most of them often adapt a single modality or stack multiple modalities as different input channels . to better leverage the multi - modalities , we propose a deep encoder - decoder structure with cross - modality convolution layers to incorporate different modaliti ←
→ dense recurrent neural networks for scene labeling ; recently recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have demonstrated the ability to improve scene labeling through capturing long - range dependencies among image units . in this paper , we propose dense rnns for scene labeling by exploring various long - range semantic dependencies among image units . in comparison with existing rnn based approaches , our dense rnns are able to capture richer contextual dependencies for each image unit via dense connections between each ←
→ a survey on two dimensional cellular automata and its application in image processing ; parallel algorithms for solving any image processing task is a highly demanded approach in the modern world . cellular automata ( ca ) are the most common and simple models of parallel computation . so , ca has been successfully used in the domain of image processing for the last couple of years . this paper provides a survey of available literatures of some methodologies employed by different researchers to utilize the cell ←
→ tracking of fingertips and centres of palm using kinect ; hand gesture is a popular way to interact or control machines and it has been implemented in many applications . the geometry of hand is such that it is hard to construct in virtual environment and control the joints but the functionality and dof encourage researchers to make a hand like instrument . this paper presents a novel method for fingertips detection and centres of palms detection distinctly for both hands using ms kinect in 3d from the input ←
→ when is a convolutional filter easy to learn ? ; we analyze the convergence of ( stochastic ) gradient descent algorithm for learning a convolutional filter with rectified linear unit ( relu ) activation function . our analysis does not rely on any specific form of the input distribution and our proofs only use the definition of relu , in contrast with previous works that are restricted to standard gaussian input . we show that ( stochastic ) gradient descent with random initialization can learn the convolutional fil ←
→ the weighted cfg constraint ; we introduce the weighted cfg constraint and propose a propagation algorithm that enforces domain consistency in $ o ( n ^ 3 | g |)$ time . we show that this algorithm can be decomposed into a set of primitive arithmetic constraints without hindering propagation .←
→ deja vu : motion prediction in static images ; this paper proposes motion prediction in single still images by learning it from a set of videos . the building assumption is that similar motion is characterized by similar appearance . the proposed method learns local motion patterns given a specific appearance and adds the predicted motion in a number of applications . this work ( i ) introduces a novel method to predict motion from appearance in a single static image , ( ii ) to that end , extends of the structured r ←
→ storing sequences in binary tournament - based neural networks ; an extension to a recently introduced architecture of clique - based neural networks is presented . this extension makes it possible to store sequences with high efficiency . to obtain this property , network connections are provided with orientation and with flexible redundancy carried by both spatial and temporal redundancy , a mechanism of anticipation being introduced in the model . in addition to the sequence storage with high efficiency , this new ←
→ machine learning methods for multimedia information retrieval ; in this thesis we examined several multimodal feature extraction and learning methods for retrieval and classification purposes . we reread briefly some theoretical results of learning in section 2 and reviewed several generative and discriminative models in section 3 while we described the similarity kernel in section 4 . we examined different aspects of the multimodal image retrieval and classification in section 5 and suggested methods for ide ←
→ simple and efficient learning using privileged information ; the support vector machine using privileged information ( svm +) has been proposed to train a classifier to utilize the additional privileged information that is only available in the training phase but not available in the test phase . in this work , we propose an efficient solution for svm + by simply utilizing the squared hinge loss instead of the hinge loss as in the existing svm + formulation , which interestingly leads to a dual form with less vari ←
→ recurrent orthogonal networks and long - memory tasks ; although rnns have been shown to be powerful tools for processing sequential data , finding architectures or optimization strategies that allow them to model very long term dependencies is still an active area of research . in this work , we carefully analyze two synthetic datasets originally outlined in ( hochreiter and schmidhuber , 1997 ) which are used to evaluate the ability of rnns to store information over many time steps . we explicitly construct rnn so ←
→ generalization error of invariant classifiers ; this paper studies the generalization error of invariant classifiers . in particular , we consider the common scenario where the classification task is invariant to certain transformations of the input , and that the classifier is constructed ( or learned ) to be invariant to these transformations . our approach relies on factoring the input space into a product of a base space and a set of transformations . we show that whereas the generalization error of a non - inva ←
→ an algorithm for the construction of bayesian network structures from data ; previous algorithms for the construction of bayesian belief network structures from data have been either highly dependent on conditional independence ( ci ) tests , or have required an ordering on the nodes to be supplied by the user . we present an algorithm that integrates these two approaches - ci tests are used to generate an ordering on the nodes from the database which is then used to recover the underlying bayesian network st ←
→ interactive outlining of pancreatic cancer liver metastases in ultrasound images ; ultrasound ( us ) is the most commonly used liver imaging modality worldwide . due to its low cost , it is increasingly used in the follow - up of cancer patients with metastases localized in the liver . in this contribution , we present the results of an interactive segmentation approach for liver metastases in us acquisitions . a ( semi -) automatic segmentation is still very challenging because of the low image quality and the low ←
→ marginal multi - bernoulli filters : rfs derivation of mht , jipda and association - based member ; recent developments in random finite sets ( rfss ) have yielded a variety of tracking methods that avoid data association . this paper derives a form of the full bayes rfs filter and observes that data association is implicitly present , in a data structure similar to mht . subsequently , algorithms are obtained by approximating the distribution of associations . two algorithms result : one nearly identical to jipda , and ←
→ advancing memristive analog neuromorphic networks : increasing complexity , and coping with imperfect hardware components ; we experimentally demonstrate classification of 4x4 binary images into 4 classes , using a 3 - layer mixed - signal neuromorphic network (" mlp perceptron "), based on two passive 20x20 memristive crossbar arrays , board - integrated with discrete cmos components . the network features 10 hidden - layer and 4 output - layer analog cmos neurons and 428 metal - oxide memristors , i . e . is almost an order o ←
→ when do differences matter ? on - line feature extraction through cognitive economy ; for an intelligent agent to be truly autonomous , it must be able to adapt its representation to the requirements of its task as it interacts with the world . most current approaches to on - line feature extraction are ad hoc ; in contrast , this paper presents an algorithm that bases judgments of state compatibility and state - space abstraction on principled criteria derived from the psychological principle of cognitive economy . ←
→ on anthropomorphic decision making in a model observer ; by analyzing human readers ' performance in detecting small round lesions in simulated digital breast tomosynthesis background in a location known exactly scenario , we have developed a model observer that is a better predictor of human performance with different levels of background complexity ( i . e ., anatomical and quantum noise ). our analysis indicates that human observers perform a lesion detection task by combining a number of sub - decisions , each an ←
→ leverage financial news to predict stock price movements using word embeddings and deep neural networks ; financial news contains useful information on public companies and the market . in this paper we apply the popular word embedding methods and deep neural networks to leverage financial news to predict stock price movements in the market . experimental results have shown that our proposed methods are simple but very effective , which can significantly improve the stock prediction accuracy on a standard fi ←
→ morpheo : traceable machine learning on hidden data ; morpheo is a transparent and secure machine learning platform collecting and analysing large datasets . it aims at building state - of - the art prediction models in various fields where data are sensitive . indeed , it offers strong privacy of data and algorithm , by preventing anyone to read the data , apart from the owner and the chosen algorithms . computations in morpheo are orchestrated by a blockchain infrastructure , thus offering total traceability of opera ←
→ label refinement network for coarse - to - fine semantic segmentation ; we consider the problem of semantic image segmentation using deep convolutional neural networks . we propose a novel network architecture called the label refinement network that predicts segmentation labels in a coarse - to - fine fashion at several resolutions . the segmentation labels at a coarse resolution are used together with convolutional features to obtain finer resolution segmentation labels . we define loss functions at several stages i ←
→ belief revision in probability theory ; in a probability - based reasoning system , bayes ' theorem and its variations are often used to revise the system ' s beliefs . however , if the explicit conditions and the implicit conditions of probability assignments ` me properly distinguished , it follows that bayes ' theorem is not a generally applicable revision rule . upon properly distinguishing belief revision from belief updating , we see that jeffrey ' s rule and its variations are not revision rules , either . without th ←
→ towards completely lifted search - based probabilistic inference ; the promise of lifted probabilistic inference is to carry out probabilistic inference in a relational probabilistic model without needing to reason about each individual separately ( grounding out the representation ) by treating the undistinguished individuals as a block . current exact methods still need to ground out in some cases , typically because the representation of the intermediate results is not closed under the lifted operations . we se ←
→ adaboost and forward stagewise regression are first - order convex optimization methods ; boosting methods are highly popular and effective supervised learning methods which combine weak learners into a single accurate model with good statistical performance . in this paper , we analyze two well - known boosting methods , adaboost and incremental forward stagewise regression ( fs $ _ \ varepsilon $), by establishing their precise connections to the mirror descent algorithm , which is a first - order method in convex opti ←
→ people on media : jointly identifying credible news and trustworthy citizen journalists in online communities ; media seems to have become more partisan , often providing a biased coverage of news catering to the interest of specific groups . it is therefore essential to identify credible information content that provides an objective narrative of an event . news communities such as digg , reddit , or newstrust offer recommendations , reviews , quality ratings , and further insights on journalistic works . however ,←
→ a framework for optimizing paper matching ; at the heart of many scientific conferences is the problem of matching submitted papers to suitable reviewers . arriving at a good assignment is a major and important challenge for any conference organizer . in this paper we propose a framework to optimize paper - to - reviewer assignments . our framework uses suitability scores to measure pairwise affinity between papers and reviewers . we show how learning can be used to infer suitability scores from a small set of prov ←
→ boundary - aware instance segmentation ; we address the problem of instance - level semantic segmentation , which aims at jointly detecting , segmenting and classifying every individual object in an image . in this context , existing methods typically propose candidate objects , usually as bounding boxes , and directly predict a binary mask within each such proposal . as a consequence , they cannot recover from errors in the object candidate generation process , such as too small or shifted boxes . in this paper , we in ←
→ on extending neural networks with loss ensembles for text classification ; ensemble techniques are powerful approaches that combine several weak learners to build a stronger one . as a meta learning framework , ensemble techniques can easily be applied to many machine learning techniques . in this paper we propose a neural network extended with an ensemble loss function for text classification . the weight of each weak loss function is tuned within the training phase through the gradient propagation optimizatio ←
→ incidence calculus : a mechanism for probabilistic reasoning ; mechanisms for the automation of uncertainty are required for expert systems . sometimes these mechanisms need to obey the properties of probabilistic reasoning . a purely numeric mechanism , like those proposed so far , cannot provide a probabilistic logic with truth functional connectives . we propose an alternative mechanism , incidence calculus , which is based on a representation of uncertainty using sets of points , which might represent situations ←
→ learning with clustering structure ; we study supervised learning problems using clustering constraints to impose structure on either features or samples , seeking to help both prediction and interpretation . the problem of clustering features arises naturally in text classification for instance , to reduce dimensionality by grouping words together and identify synonyms . the sample clustering problem on the other hand , applies to multiclass problems where we are allowed to make multiple predictions and the per ←
→ multilingual image description with neural sequence models ; in this paper we present an approach to multi - language image description bringing together insights from neural machine translation and neural image description . to create a description of an image for a given target language , our sequence generation models condition on feature vectors from the image , the description from the source language , and / or a multimodal vector computed over the image and a description in the source language . in image desc ←
→ twitter sentiment analysis : lexicon method , machine learning method and their combination ; this paper covers the two approaches for sentiment analysis : i ) lexicon based method ; ii ) machine learning method . we describe several techniques to implement these approaches and discuss how they can be adopted for sentiment classification of twitter messages . we present a comparative study of different lexicon combinations and show that enhancing sentiment lexicons with emoticons , abbreviations and social - media s ←
→ unconstrained two - parallel - plane model for focused plenoptic cameras calibration ; the plenoptic camera can capture both angular and spatial information of the rays , enabling 3d reconstruction by single exposure . the geometry of the recovered scene structure is affected by the calibration of the plenoptic camera significantly . in this paper , we propose a novel unconstrained two - parallel - plane ( tpp ) model with 7 parameters to describe a 4d light field . by reconstructing scene points from ray - ray associatio ←
→ an experimental comparison of several clustering and initialization methods ; we examine methods for clustering in high dimensions . in the first part of the paper , we perform an experimental comparison between three batch clustering algorithms : the expectation - maximization ( em ) algorithm , a winner take all version of the em algorithm reminiscent of the k - means algorithm , and model - based hierarchical agglomerative clustering . we learn naive - bayes models with a hidden root node , using high - dimensional discr ←
→ efficiency , robustness , and accuracy in picky chart parsing ; this paper describes picky , a probabilistic agenda - based chart parsing algorithm which uses a technique called {\ em probabilistic prediction } to predict which grammar rules are likely to lead to an acceptable parse of the input . using a suboptimal search method , picky significantly reduces the number of edges produced by cky - like chart parsing algorithms , while maintaining the robustness of pure bottom - up parsers and the accuracy of existing prob ←
→ representing data by sparse combination of contextual data points for classification ; in this paper , we study the problem of using contextual da - ta points of a data point for its classification problem . we propose to represent a data point as the sparse linear reconstruction of its context , and learn the sparse context to gather with a linear classifier in a su - pervised way to increase its discriminative ability . we proposed a novel formulation for context learning , by modeling the learning of context ←
→ fast online clustering with randomized skeleton sets ; we present a new fast online clustering algorithm that reliably recovers arbitrary - shaped data clusters in high throughout data streams . unlike the existing state - of - the - art online clustering methods based on k - means or k - medoid , it does not make any restrictive generative assumptions . in addition , in contrast to existing nonparametric clustering techniques such as dbscan or denstream , it gives provable theoretical guarantees . to achieve fast clustering ←
→ matching pursuit lasso part ii : applications and sparse recovery over batch signals ; matching pursuit lassin part i \ cite { tanpmlpart1 }, a matching pursuit lasso ({ mpl }) algorithm has been presented for solving large - scale sparse recovery ( sr ) problems . in this paper , we present a subspace search to further improve the performance of mpl , and then continue to address another major challenge of sr -- batch sr with many signals , a consideration which is absent from most of previous $\ ell_1 $- norm methods . as ←
→ structured nonconvex and nonsmooth optimization : algorithms and iteration complexity analysis ; nonconvex and nonsmooth optimization problems are frequently encountered in much of statistics , business , science and engineering , but they are not yet widely recognized as a technology in the sense of scalability . a reason for this relatively low degree of popularity is the lack of a well developed system of theory and algorithms to support the applications , as is the case for its convex counterpart . this pape ←
→ unsupervised sentence simplification using deep semantics ; we present a novel approach to sentence simplification which departs from previous work in two main ways . first , it requires neither hand written rules nor a training corpus of aligned standard and simplified sentences . second , sentence splitting operates on deep semantic structure . we show ( i ) that the unsupervised framework we propose is competitive with four state - of - the - art supervised systems and ( ii ) that our semantic based approach allows for ←
→ region - based quality estimation network for large - scale person re - identification ; one of the major restrictions on the performance of video - based person re - id is partial noise caused by occlusion , blur and illumination . since different spatial regions of a single frame have various quality , and the quality of the same region also varies across frames in a tracklet , a good way to address the problem is to effectively aggregate complementary information from all frames in a sequence , using better regions f ←
→ using $ k $- way co - occurrences for learning word embeddings ; co - occurrences between two words provide useful insights into the semantics of those words . consequently , numerous prior work on word embedding learning have used co - occurrences between two words as the training signal for learning word embeddings . however , in natural language texts it is common for multiple words to be related and co - occurring in the same context . we extend the notion of co - occurrences to cover $ k (\ geq \!\! 2 )$- way co - occurrences am ←
→ multi - task image classification via collaborative , hierarchical spike - and - slab priors ; promising results have been achieved in image classification problems by exploiting the discriminative power of sparse representations for classification ( src ). recently , it has been shown that the use of \ emph { class - specific } spike - and - slab priors in conjunction with the class - specific dictionaries from src is particularly effective in low training scenarios . as a logical extension , we build on this framework for mult ←
→ a new level - set based protocol for accurate bone segmentation from ct imaging ; in this work it is proposed a medical image segmentation pipeline for accurate bone segmentation from ct imaging . it is a two - step methodology , with a pre - segmentation step and a segmentation refinement step . first , the user performs a rough segmenting of the desired region of interest . next , a fully automatic refinement step is applied to the pre - segmented data . the automatic segmentation refinement is composed by several sub ←
→ deep generative filter for motion deblurring ; removing blur caused by camera shake in images has always been a challenging problem in computer vision literature due to its ill - posed nature . motion blur caused due to the relative motion between the camera and the object in 3d space induces a spatially varying blurring effect over the entire image . in this paper , we propose a novel deep filter based on generative adversarial network ( gan ) architecture integrated with global skip connection and dense architec ←
→ clustering with noisy queries ; in this paper , we initiate a rigorous theoretical study of clustering with noisy queries ( or a faulty oracle ). given a set of $ n $ elements , our goal is to recover the true clustering by asking minimum number of pairwise queries to an oracle . oracle can answer queries of the form : " do elements $ u $ and $ v $ belong to the same cluster ?" -- the queries can be asked interactively ( adaptive queries ), or non - adaptively up - front , but its answer can be erroneous with probability $ p $. ←
→ difficulty - level modeling of ontology - based factual questions ; semantics based knowledge representations such as ontologies are found to be very useful in automatically generating meaningful factual questions . determining the difficulty level of these system generated questions is helpful to effectively utilize them in various educational and professional applications . the existing approaches for finding the difficulty level of factual questions are very simple and are limited to a few basic principles . we ←
→ ristretto : hardware - oriented approximation of convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have achieved major breakthroughs in recent years . their performance in computer vision have matched and in some areas even surpassed human capabilities . deep neural networks can capture complex non - linear features ; however this ability comes at the cost of high computational and memory requirements . state - of - art networks require billions of arithmetic operations and millions of parameters . to ←
→ gossip training for deep learning ; we address the issue of speeding up the training of convolutional networks . here we study a distributed method adapted to stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ). the parallel optimization setup uses several threads , each applying individual gradient descents on a local variable . we propose a new way to share information between different threads inspired by gossip algorithms and showing good consensus convergence properties . our method called gosgd has the advantage to be full ←
→ automatic labeling for entity extraction in cyber security ; timely analysis of cyber - security information necessitates automated information extraction from unstructured text . while state - of - the - art extraction methods produce extremely accurate results , they require ample training data , which is generally unavailable for specialized applications , such as detecting security related entities ; moreover , manual annotation of corpora is very costly and often not a viable solution . in response , we develop a very ←
→ a gru - gated attention model for neural machine translation ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) heavily relies on an attention network to produce a context vector for each target word prediction . in practice , we find that context vectors for different target words are quite similar to one another and therefore are insufficient in discriminatively predicting target words . the reason for this might be that context vectors produced by the vanilla attention network are just a weighted sum of source representation ←
→ a bio - inspired algorithm for fuzzy user equilibrium problem by aid of physarum polycephalum ; the user equilibrium in traffic assignment problem is based on the fact that travelers choose the minimum - cost path between every origin - destination pair and on the assumption that such a behavior will lead to an equilibrium of the traffic network . in this paper , we consider this problem when the traffic network links are fuzzy cost . therefore , a physarum - type algorithm is developed to unify the physarum network ←
→ on the computational efficiency of training neural networks ; it is well - known that neural networks are computationally hard to train . on the other hand , in practice , modern day neural networks are trained efficiently using sgd and a variety of tricks that include different activation functions ( e . g . relu ), over - specification ( i . e ., train networks which are larger than needed ), and regularization . in this paper we revisit the computational complexity of training neural networks from a modern perspective . we ←
→ e - qraq : a multi - turn reasoning dataset and simulator with explanations ; in this paper we present a new dataset and user simulator e - qraq ( explainable query , reason , and answer question ) which tests an agent ' s ability to read an ambiguous text ; ask questions until it can answer a challenge question ; and explain the reasoning behind its questions and answer . the user simulator provides the agent with a short , ambiguous story and a challenge question about the story . the story is ambiguous because some of the ←
→ simulation of color blindness and a proposal for using google glass as color - correcting tool ; the human visual color response is driven by specialized cells called cones , which exist in three types , viz . r , g , and b . software is developed to simulate how color images are displayed for different types of color blindness . specified the default color deficiency associated with a user , it generates a preview of the rainbow ( in the visible range , from red to violet ) and shows up , side by side with a colorful ←
→ a novel way of identifying cyber predators ; recurrent neural networks with long short - term memory cell ( lstm - rnn ) have impressive ability in sequence data processing , particularly for language model building and text classification . this research proposes the combination of sentiment analysis , new approach of sentence vectors and lstm - rnn as a novel way for sexual predator identification ( spi ). lstm - rnn language model is applied to generate sentence vectors which are the last hidden states in the language ←
→ rainbow : combining improvements in deep reinforcement learning ; the deep reinforcement learning community has made several independent improvements to the dqn algorithm . however , it is unclear which of these extensions are complementary and can be fruitfully combined . this paper examines six extensions to the dqn algorithm and empirically studies their combination . our experiments show that the combination provides state - of - the - art performance on the atari 2600 benchmark , both in terms of data efficiency a ←
→ unsupervised search - based structured prediction ; we describe an adaptation and application of a search - based structured prediction algorithm " searn " to unsupervised learning problems . we show that it is possible to reduce unsupervised learning to supervised learning and demonstrate a high - quality unsupervised shift - reduce parsing model . we additionally show a close connection between unsupervised searn and expectation maximization . finally , we demonstrate the efficacy of a semi - supervised extension . the ke ←
→ a novel training algorithm for hmms with partial and noisy access to the states ; this paper proposes a new estimation algorithm for the parameters of an hmm as to best account for the observed data . in this model , in addition to the observation sequence , we have \ emph { partial } and \ emph { noisy } access to the hidden state sequence as side information . this access can be seen as " partial labeling " of the hidden states . furthermore , we model possible mislabeling in the side information in a joint framework a ←
→ comments on " on approximating euclidean metrics by weighted t - cost distances in arbitrary dimension " ; mukherjee ( pattern recognition letters , vol . 32 , pp . 824 - 831 , 2011 ) recently introduced a class of distance functions called weighted t - cost distances that generalize m - neighbor , octagonal , and t - cost distances . he proved that weighted t - cost distances form a family of metrics and derived an approximation for the euclidean norm in $\ mathbb { z }^ n $. in this note we compare this approximation to two previous ←
→ inference and learning in probabilistic logic programs using weighted boolean formulas ; probabilistic logic programs are logic programs in which some of the facts are annotated with probabilities . this paper investigates how classical inference and learning tasks known from the graphical model community can be tackled for probabilistic logic programs . several such tasks such as computing the marginals given evidence and learning from ( partial ) interpretations have not really been addressed for probabilis ←
→ galerkin methods for complementarity problems and variational inequalities ; complementarity problems and variational inequalities arise in a wide variety of areas , including machine learning , planning , game theory , and physical simulation . in all of these areas , to handle large - scale problem instances , we need fast approximate solution methods . one promising idea is galerkin approximation , in which we search for the best answer within the span of a given set of basis functions . bertsekas proposed one pos ←
→ scalable audience reach estimation in real - time online advertising ; online advertising has been introduced as one of the most efficient methods of advertising throughout the recent years . yet , advertisers are concerned about the efficiency of their online advertising campaigns and consequently , would like to restrict their ad impressions to certain websites and / or certain groups of audience . these restrictions , known as targeting criteria , limit the reachability for better performance . this trade - off betwe ←
→ required sample size for learning sparse bayesian networks with many variables ; learning joint probability distributions on n random variables requires exponential sample size in the generic case . here we consider the case that a temporal ( or causal ) order of the variables is known and that the ( unknown ) graph of causal dependencies has bounded in - degree delta . then the joint measure is uniquely determined by the probabilities of all ( 2 delta + 1 )- tuples . upper bounds on the sample size required for estima ←
→ automatic 3d object detection of proteins in fluorescent labeled microscope images with spatial statistical analysis ; since manual object detection is very inaccurate and time consuming , some automatic object detection tools have been developed in recent years . at the moment , there is no image analysis software available which provides an automatic , objective assessment of 3d foci which is generally applicable . complications arise from discrete foci which are very close or even come in contact to other f ←
→ exploiting gradients and hessians in bayesian optimization and bayesian quadrature ; an exciting branch of machine learning research focuses on methods for learning , optimizing , and integrating unknown functions that are difficult or costly to evaluate . a popular bayesian approach to this problem uses a gaussian process ( gp ) to construct a posterior distribution over the function of interest given a set of observed measurements , and selects new points to evaluate using the statistics of this posterior . he ←
→ synthesising sign language from semantics , approaching " from the target and back " ; we present a sign language modelling approach allowing to build grammars and create linguistic input for sign synthesis through avatars . we comment on the type of grammar it allows to build , and observe a resemblance between the resulting expressions and traditional semantic representations . comparing the ways in which the paradigms are designed , we name and contrast two essentially different strategies for building higher ←
→ the quality of priority ratios estimation in relation to a selected prioritization procedure and consistency measure for a pairwise comparison matrix ; an overview of current debates and contemporary research devoted to the modeling of decision making processes and their facilitation directs attention to the analytic hierarchy process ( ahp ). at the core of the ahp are various prioritization procedures ( pps ) and consistency measures ( cms ) for a pairwise comparison matrix ( pcm ) which , in a sense , reflects ←
→ metaheuristic algorithms for convolution neural network ; a typical modern optimization technique is usually either heuristic or metaheuristic . this technique has managed to solve some optimization problems in the research area of science , engineering , and industry . however , implementation strategy of metaheuristic for accuracy improvement on convolution neural networks ( cnn ), a famous deep learning method , is still rarely investigated . deep learning relates to a type of machine learning technique , where it ←
→ adversarial feature learning ; the ability of the generative adversarial networks ( gans ) framework to learn generative models mapping from simple latent distributions to arbitrarily complex data distributions has been demonstrated empirically , with compelling results showing that the latent space of such generators captures semantic variation in the data distribution . intuitively , models trained to predict these semantic latent representations given data may serve as useful feature representations for auxil ←
→ detecting small , densely distributed objects with filter - amplifier networks and loss boosting ; detecting small , densely distributed objects is a significant challenge : small objects often contain less distinctive information compared to larger ones , and finer - grained precision of bounding box boundaries are required . in this paper , we propose two techniques for addressing this problem . first , we estimate the likelihood that each pixel belongs to an object boundary rather than predicting coordinates of bo ←
→ what ' s unusual in online disease outbreak news ? ; background : accurate and timely detection of public health events of international concern is necessary to help support risk assessment and response and save lives . novel event - based methods that use the world wide web as a signal source offer potential to extend health surveillance into areas where traditional indicator networks are lacking . in this paper we address the issue of systematically evaluating online health news to support automatic alerting usin ←
→ algorithm for missing values imputation in categorical data with use of association rules ; this paper presents algorithm for missing values imputation in categorical data . the algorithm is based on using association rules and is presented in three variants . experimental shows better accuracy of missing values imputation using the algorithm then using most common attribute value .←
→ attentive memory networks : efficient machine reading for conversational search ; recent advances in conversational systems have changed the search paradigm . traditionally , a user poses a query to a search engine that returns an answer based on its index , possibly leveraging external knowledge bases and conditioning the response on earlier interactions in the search session . in a natural conversation , there is an additional source of information to take into account : utterances produced earlier in a conver ←
→ search engine guided non - parametric neural machine translation ; in this paper , we extend an attention - based neural machine translation ( nmt ) model by allowing it to access an entire training set of parallel sentence pairs even after training . the proposed approach consists of two stages . in the first stage -- retrieval stage --, an off - the - shelf , black - box search engine is used to retrieve a small subset of sentence pairs from a training set given a source sentence . these pairs are further filtered based on a ←
→ multi - view recurrent neural acoustic word embeddings ; recent work has begun exploring neural acoustic word embeddings --- fixed - dimensional vector representations of arbitrary - length speech segments corresponding to words . such embeddings are applicable to speech retrieval and recognition tasks , where reasoning about whole words may make it possible to avoid ambiguous sub - word representations . the main idea is to map acoustic sequences to fixed - dimensional vectors such that examples of the same word are mapp ←
→ neuro - ram unit with applications to similarity testing and compression in spiking neural networks ; we study distributed algorithms implemented in a simplified biologically inspired model for stochastic spiking neural networks . we focus on tradeoffs between computation time and network complexity , along with the role of randomness in efficient neural computation . it is widely accepted that neural computation is inherently stochastic . in recent work , we explored how this stochasticity could be leveraged ←
→ detachable object detection : segmentation and depth ordering from short - baseline video ; we describe an approach for segmenting an image into regions that correspond to surfaces in the scene that are partially surrounded by the medium . it integrates both appearance and motion statistics into a cost functional , that is seeded with occluded regions and minimized efficiently by solving a linear programming problem . where a short observation time is insufficient to determine whether the object is detachable , ←
→ modal logics for qualitative possibility and beliefs ; possibilistic logic has been proposed as a numerical formalism for reasoning with uncertainty . there has been interest in developing qualitative accounts of possibility , as well as an explanation of the relationship between possibility and modal logics . we present two modal logics that can be used to represent and reason with qualitative statements of possibility and necessity . within this modal framework , we are able to identify interesting relationshi ←
→ formal model of uncertainty for possibilistic rules ; given a universe of discourse x - a domain of possible outcomes - an experiment may consist of selecting one of its elements , subject to the operation of chance , or of observing the elements , subject to imprecision . a priori uncertainty about the actual result of the experiment may be quantified , representing either the likelihood of the choice of : r_x or the degree to which any such x would be suitable as a description of the outcome . the former case corres ←
→ efficient reinforcement learning in deterministic systems with value function generalization ; we consider the problem of reinforcement learning over episodes of a finite - horizon deterministic system and as a solution propose optimistic constraint propagation ( ocp ), an algorithm designed to synthesize efficient exploration and value function generalization . we establish that when the true value function lies within a given hypothesis class , ocp selects optimal actions over all but at most k episodes , wher ←
→ structured prediction models for rnn based sequence labeling in clinical text ; sequence labeling is a widely used method for named entity recognition and information extraction from unstructured natural language data . in clinical domain one major application of sequence labeling involves extraction of medical entities such as medication , indication , and side - effects from electronic health record narratives . sequence labeling in this domain , presents its own set of challenges and objectives . in this work ←
→ an error detection and correction framework for connectomics ; we define and study error detection and correction tasks that are useful for 3d reconstruction of neurons from electron microscopic imagery , and for image segmentation more generally . both tasks take as input the raw image and a binary mask representing a candidate object . for the error detection task , the desired output is a map of split and merge errors in the object . for the error correction task , the desired output is the true object . we cal ←
→ referential uncertainty and word learning in high - dimensional , continuous meaning spaces ; this paper discusses lexicon word learning in high - dimensional meaning spaces from the viewpoint of referential uncertainty . we investigate various state - of - the - art machine learning algorithms and discuss the impact of scaling , representation and meaning space structure . we demonstrate that current machine learning techniques successfully deal with high - dimensional meaning spaces . in particular , we show that exponen ←
→ refinement - cut : user - guided segmentation algorithm for translational science ; in this contribution , a semi - automatic segmentation algorithm for ( medical ) image analysis is presented . more precise , the approach belongs to the category of interactive contouring algorithms , which provide real - time feedback of the segmentation result . however , even with interactive real - time contouring approaches there are always cases where the user cannot find a satisfying segmentation , e . g . due to homogeneous appearances ←
→ distributed deep neural networks over the cloud , the edge and end devices ; we propose distributed deep neural networks ( ddnns ) over distributed computing hierarchies , consisting of the cloud , the edge ( fog ) and end devices . while being able to accommodate inference of a deep neural network ( dnn ) in the cloud , a ddnn also allows fast and localized inference using shallow portions of the neural network at the edge and end devices . when supported by a scalable distributed computing hierarchy , a ddnn can sca ←
→ high resolution face completion with multiple controllable attributes via fully end - to - end progressive generative adversarial networks ; we present a deep learning approach for high resolution face completion with multiple controllable attributes ( e . g ., male and smiling ) under arbitrary masks . face completion entails understanding both structural meaningfulness and appearance consistency locally and globally to fill in " holes " whose content do not appear elsewhere in an input image . it is a challenging ta ←
→ a deep - structured fully - connected random field model for structured inference ; there has been significant interest in the use of fully - connected graphical models and deep - structured graphical models for the purpose of structured inference . however , fully - connected and deep - structured graphical models have been largely explored independently , leaving the unification of these two concepts ripe for exploration . a fundamental challenge with unifying these two types of models is in dealing with computational ←
→ boosting adversarial attacks with momentum ; deep neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples , which poses security concerns on these algorithms due to the potentially severe consequences . adversarial attacks serve as an important surrogate to evaluate the robustness of deep learning models before they are deployed . however , most of existing adversarial attacks can only fool a black - box model with a low success rate . to address this issue , we propose a broad class of momentum - based iterative algo ←
→ automatic visual theme discovery from joint image and text corpora ; a popular approach to semantic image understanding is to manually tag images with keywords and then learn a mapping from vi - sual features to keywords . manually tagging images is a subjective pro - cess and the same or very similar visual contents are often tagged with different keywords . furthermore , not all tags have the same descriptive power for visual contents and large vocabulary available from natural language could result in a very ←
→ programs as polypeptides ; we describe a visual programming language for defining behaviors manifested by reified actors in a 2d virtual world that can be compiled into programs comprised of sequences of combinators that are themselves reified as actors . this makes it possible to build programs that build programs from components of a few fixed types delivered by diffusion using processes that resemble chemistry as much as computation .←
→ retrosynthetic reaction prediction using neural sequence - to - sequence models ; we describe a fully data driven model that learns to perform a retrosynthetic reaction prediction task , which is treated as a sequence - to - sequence mapping problem . the end - to - end trained model has an encoder - decoder architecture that consists of two recurrent neural networks , which has previously shown great success in solving other sequence - to - sequence prediction tasks such as machine translation . the model is trained on 50 , 000 ←
→ solomonoff induction violates nicod ' s criterion ; nicod ' s criterion states that observing a black raven is evidence for the hypothesis h that all ravens are black . we show that solomonoff induction does not satisfy nicod ' s criterion : there are time steps in which observing black ravens decreases the belief in h . moreover , while observing any computable infinite string compatible with h , the belief in h decreases infinitely often when using the unnormalized solomonoff prior , but only finitely often when usin ←
→ fsmj : feature selection with maximum jensen - shannon divergence for text categorization ; in this paper , we present a new wrapper feature selection approach based on jensen - shannon ( js ) divergence , termed feature selection with maximum js - divergence ( fsmj ), for text categorization . unlike most existing feature selection approaches , the proposed fsmj approach is based on real - valued features which provide more information for discrimination than binary - valued features used in conventional approaches . we sho ←
→ genetic algorithms and the andrews - curtis conjecture ; the andrews - curtis conjecture claims that every balanced presentation of the trivial group can be transformed into the trivial presentation by a finite sequence of " elementary transformations " which are nielsen transformations together with an arbitrary conjugation of a relator . it is believed that the andrews - curtis conjecture is false ; however , not so many possible counterexamples are known . it is not a trivial matter to verify whether the conjecture ←
→ towards automation of data quality system for cern cms experiment ; daily operation of a large - scale experiment is a challenging task , particularly from perspectives of routine monitoring of quality for data being taken . we describe an approach that uses machine learning for the automated system to monitor data quality , which is based on partial use of data qualified manually by detector experts . the system automatically classifies marginal cases : both of good an bad data , and use human expert decision to c ←
→ policy gradients for contextual bandits ; we study a generalized contextual - bandits problem , where there is a state that decides the distribution of contexts of arms and affects the immediate reward when choosing an arm . the problem applies to a wide range of realistic settings such as personalized recommender systems and natural language generations . we put forward a class of policies in which the marginal probability of choosing an arm ( in expectation of other arms ) in each state has a simple closed form ←
→ an alternative softmax operator for reinforcement learning ; a softmax operator applied to a set of values acts somewhat like the maximization function and somewhat like an average . in sequential decision making , softmax is often used in settings where it is necessary to maximize utility but also to hedge against problems that arise from putting all of one ' s weight behind a single maximum utility decision . the boltzmann softmax operator is the most commonly used softmax operator in this setting , but we show ←
→ active orthogonal matching pursuit for sparse subspace clustering ; sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ) is a state - of - the - art method for clustering high - dimensional data points lying in a union of low - dimensional subspaces . however , while $\ ell_1 $ optimization - based ssc algorithms suffer from high computational complexity , other variants of ssc , such as orthogonal matching pursuit - based ssc ( omp - ssc ), lose clustering accuracy in pursuit of improving time efficiency . in this letter , we propose a novel active om ←
→ visual speech recognition ; lip reading is used to understand or interpret speech without hearing it , a technique especially mastered by people with hearing difficulties . the ability to lip read enables a person with a hearing impairment to communicate with others and to engage in social activities , which otherwise would be difficult . recent advances in the fields of computer vision , pattern recognition , and signal processing has led to a growing interest in automating this challenging task of lip reading . ←
→ multi - task learning using neighborhood kernels ; this paper introduces a new and effective algorithm for learning kernels in a multi - task learning ( mtl ) setting . although , we consider a mtl scenario here , our approach can be easily applied to standard single task learning , as well . as shown by our empirical results , our algorithm consistently outperforms the traditional kernel learning algorithms such as uniform combination solution , convex combinations of base kernels as well as some kernel alignment - based ←
→ characterizing the sample complexity of private learners ; in 2008 , kasiviswanathan et al . defined private learning as a combination of pac learning and differential privacy . informally , a private learner is applied to a collection of labeled individual information and outputs a hypothesis while preserving the privacy of each individual . kasiviswanathan et al . gave a generic construction of private learners for ( finite ) concept classes , with sample complexity logarithmic in the size of the concept class . th ←
→ classification of histopathological breast cancer images using iterative vmd aided zernike moments & textural signatures ; in this paper we present a novel method for an automated diagnosis of breast carcinoma through multilevel iterative variational mode decomposition ( vmd ) and textural features encompassing zernaike moments , fractal dimension and entropy features namely , kapoor entropy , renyi entropy , yager entropy features are extracted from vmd components . the proposed method considers the histopathol ←
→ hierarchical semantic segmentation using modular convolutional neural networks ; image recognition tasks that involve identifying parts of an object or the contents of a vessel can be viewed as a hierarchical problem , which can be solved by initial recognition of the main object , followed by recognition of its parts or contents . to achieve such modular recognition , it is necessary to use the output of one recognition method ( which identifies the general object ) as the input for a second method ( which iden ←
→ bin completion algorithms for multicontainer packing , knapsack , and covering problems ; many combinatorial optimization problems such as the bin packing and multiple knapsack problems involve assigning a set of discrete objects to multiple containers . these problems can be used to model task and resource allocation problems in multi - agent systems and distributed systms , and can also be found as subproblems of scheduling problems . we propose bin completion , a branch - and - bound strategy for one - dimensional , ←
→ integer programming relaxations for integrated clustering and outlier detection ; in this paper we present methods for exemplar based clustering with outlier selection based on the facility location formulation . given a distance function and the number of outliers to be found , the methods automatically determine the number of clusters and outliers . we formulate the problem as an integer program to which we present relaxations that allow for solutions that scale to large data sets . the advantages of combin ←
→ ct image denoising with perceptive deep neural networks ; increasing use of ct in modern medical practice has raised concerns over associated radiation dose . reduction of radiation dose associated with ct can increase noise and artifacts , which can adversely affect diagnostic confidence . denoising of low - dose ct images on the other hand can help improve diagnostic confidence , which however is a challenging problem due to its ill - posed nature , since one noisy image patch may correspond to many different outp ←
→ hybrid methodology for hourly global radiation forecasting in mediterranean area ; the renewable energies prediction and particularly global radiation forecasting is a challenge studied by a growing number of research teams . this paper proposes an original technique to model the insolation time series based on combining artificial neural network ( ann ) and auto - regressive and moving average ( arma ) model . while ann by its non - linear nature is effective to predict cloudy days , arma techniques are more dedica ←
→ radialgan : leveraging multiple datasets to improve target - specific predictive models using generative adversarial networks ; training complex machine learning models for prediction often requires a large amount of data that is not always readily available . leveraging these external datasets from related but different sources is therefore an important task if good predictive models are to be built for deployment in settings where data can be rare . in this paper we propose a novel approach to the problem in ←
→ multi - modal obstacle detection in unstructured environments with conditional random fields ; reliable obstacle detection and classification in rough and unstructured terrain such as agricultural fields or orchards remains a challenging problem . these environments involve large variations in both geometry and appearance , challenging perception systems that rely on only a single sensor modality . geometrically , tall grass , fallen leaves , or terrain roughness can mistakenly be perceived as non - traversable or ←
→ learning single index models in high dimensions ; single index models ( sims ) are simple yet flexible semi - parametric models for classification and regression . response variables are modeled as a nonlinear , monotonic function of a linear combination of features . estimation in this context requires learning both the feature weights , and the nonlinear function . while methods have been described to learn sims in the low dimensional regime , a method that can efficiently learn sims in high dimensions has not been ←
→ how to improve robustness in kohonen maps and display additional information in factorial analysis : application to text mining ; this article is an extended version of a paper presented in the wsom ' 2012 conference [ 1 ]. we display a combination of factorial projections , som algorithm and graph techniques applied to a text mining problem . the corpus contains 8 medieval manuscripts which were used to teach arithmetic techniques to merchants . among the techniques for data analysis , those used for lexicometry ←
→ probability and asset updating using bayesian networks for combinatorial prediction markets ; a market - maker - based prediction market lets forecasters aggregate information by editing a consensus probability distribution either directly or by trading securities that pay off contingent on an event of interest . combinatorial prediction markets allow trading on any event that can be specified as a combination of a base set of events . however , explicitly representing the full joint distribution is infeasible f ←
→ playing doom with slam - augmented deep reinforcement learning ; a number of recent approaches to policy learning in 2d game domains have been successful going directly from raw input images to actions . however when employed in complex 3d environments , they typically suffer from challenges related to partial observability , combinatorial exploration spaces , path planning , and a scarcity of rewarding scenarios . inspired from prior work in human cognition that indicates how humans employ a variety of semantic co ←
→ cache performance study of portfolio - based parallel cdcl sat solvers ; parallel sat solvers are becoming mainstream . their performance has made them win the past two sat competitions consecutively and are in the limelight of research and industry . the problem is that it is not known exactly what is needed to make them perform even better ; that is , how to make them solve more problems in less time . also , it is also not know how well they scale in massive multi - core environments which , predictably , is the sce ←
→ a boundary tilting persepective on the phenomenon of adversarial examples ; deep neural networks have been shown to suffer from a surprising weakness : their classification outputs can be changed by small , non - random perturbations of their inputs . this adversarial example phenomenon has been explained as originating from deep networks being " too linear " ( goodfellow et al ., 2014 ). we show here that the linear explanation of adversarial examples presents a number of limitations : the formal argument is not co ←
→ development of an android application for object detection based on color , shape , or local features ; object detection and recognition is an important task in many computer vision applications . in this paper an android application was developed using eclipse ide and opencv3 library . this application is able to detect objects in an image that is loaded from the mobile gallery , based on its color , shape , or local features . the image is processed in the hsv color domain for better color detection . circular s ←
→ improving the performance of the ripper in insurance risk classification : a comparitive study using feature selection ; the ripper algorithm is designed to generate rule sets for large datasets with many features . however , it was shown that the algorithm struggles with classification performance in the presence of missing data . the algorithm struggles to classify instances when the quality of the data deteriorates as a result of increasing missing data . in this paper , a feature selection technique is use ←
→ partial gaussian graphical model estimation ; this paper studies the partial estimation of gaussian graphical models from high - dimensional empirical observations . we derive a convex formulation for this problem using $\ ell_1 $- regularized maximum - likelihood estimation , which can be solved via a block coordinate descent algorithm . statistical estimation performance can be established for our method . the proposed approach has competitive empirical performance compared to existing methods , as demonstrated by va ←
→ stdp - based spiking deep convolutional neural networks for object recognition ; previous studies have shown that spike - timing - dependent plasticity ( stdp ) can be used in spiking neural networks ( snn ) to extract visual features of low or intermediate complexity in an unsupervised manner . these studies , however , used relatively shallow architectures , and only one layer was trainable . another line of research has demonstrated - using rate - based neural networks trained with back - propagation - that having many l ←
→ general dynamic scene reconstruction from multiple view video ; this paper introduces a general approach to dynamic scene reconstruction from multiple moving cameras without prior knowledge or limiting constraints on the scene structure , appearance , or illumination . existing techniques for dynamic scene reconstruction from multiple wide - baseline camera views primarily focus on accurate reconstruction in controlled environments , where the cameras are fixed and calibrated and background is known . these approa ←
→ the utility of hedged assertions in the emergence of shared categorical labels ; we investigate the emergence of shared concepts in a community of language users using a multi - agent simulation . we extend results showing that negated assertions are of use in developing shared categories , to include assertions modified by linguistic hedges . results show that using hedged assertions positively affects the emergence of shared categories in two distinct ways . firstly , using contraction hedges like ` very ' gives ←
→ parallelizing linear recurrent neural nets over sequence length ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are widely used to model sequential data but their non - linear dependencies between sequence elements prevent parallelizing training over sequence length . we show the training of rnns with only linear sequential dependencies can be parallelized over the sequence length using the parallel scan algorithm , leading to rapid training on long sequences even with small minibatch size . we develop a parallel linear recu ←
→ an inverse power method for nonlinear eigenproblems with applications in 1 - spectral clustering and sparse pca ; many problems in machine learning and statistics can be formulated as ( generalized ) eigenproblems . in terms of the associated optimization problem , computing linear eigenvectors amounts to finding critical points of a quadratic function subject to quadratic constraints . in this paper we show that a certain class of constrained optimization problems with nonquadratic objective and constraints can ←
→ future person localization in first - person videos ; we present a new task that predicts future locations of people observed in first - person videos . consider a first - person video stream continuously recorded by a wearable camera . given a short clip of a person that is extracted from the complete stream , we aim to predict his location in future frames . to facilitate this future person localization ability , we make the following three key observations : a ) first - person videos typically involve significant ego - m ←
→ deep convolutional neural fields for depth estimation from a single image ; we consider the problem of depth estimation from a single monocular image in this work . it is a challenging task as no reliable depth cues are available , e . g ., stereo correspondences , motions , etc . previous efforts have been focusing on exploiting geometric priors or additional sources of information , with all using hand - crafted features . recently , there is mounting evidence that features from deep convolutional neural networks ( c ←
→ a three - stage approach for segmenting degraded color images : smoothing , lifting and thresholding ( slat ) ; in this paper , we propose a slat ( smoothing , lifting and thresholding ) method with three stages for multiphase segmentation of color images corrupted by different degradations : noise , information loss , and blur . at the first stage , a convex variant of the mumford - shah model is applied to each channel to obtain a smooth image . we show that the model has unique solution under the different degradations .←
→ a primer on answer set programming ; a introduction to the syntax and semantics of answer set programming intended as an handout to [ under ] graduate students taking artificial intlligence or logic programming classes .←
→ macro - optimization of email recommendation response rates harnessing individual activity levels and group affinity trends ; recommendation emails are among the best ways to re - engage with customers after they have left a website . while on - site recommendation systems focus on finding the most relevant items for a user at the moment ( right item ), email recommendations add two critical additional dimensions : who to send recommendations to ( right person ) and when to send them ( right time ). it is critical that ←
→ domain adaptation for resume classification using convolutional neural networks ; we propose a novel method for classifying resume data of job applicants into 27 different job categories using convolutional neural networks . since resume data is costly and hard to obtain due to its sensitive nature , we use domain adaptation . in particular , we train a classifier on a large number of freely available job description snippets and then use it to classify resume data . we empirically verify a reasonable classifi ←
→ from plants to landmarks : time - invariant plant localization that uses deep pose regression in agricultural fields ; agricultural robots are expected to increase yields in a sustainable way and automate precision tasks , such as weeding and plant monitoring . at the same time , they move in a continuously changing , semi - structured field environment , in which features can hardly be found and reproduced at a later time . challenges for lidar and visual detection systems stem from the fact that plants can be very ←
→ a generalized parsing framework for abstract grammars ; this technical report presents a general framework for parsing a variety of grammar formalisms . we develop a grammar formalism , called an abstract grammar , which is general enough to represent grammars at many levels of the hierarchy , including context free grammars , minimalist grammars , and generalized context - free grammars . we then develop a single parsing framework which is capable of parsing grammars which are at least up to gcfgs on the hierarchy .←
→ single - channel multi - speaker separation using deep clustering ; deep clustering is a recently introduced deep learning architecture that uses discriminatively trained embeddings as the basis for clustering . it was recently applied to spectrogram segmentation , resulting in impressive results on speaker - independent multi - speaker separation . in this paper we extend the baseline system with an end - to - end signal approximation objective that greatly improves performance on a challenging speech separation . we firs ←
→ learning methods for dynamic topic modeling in automated behaviour analysis ; semi - supervised and unsupervised systems provide operators with invaluable support and can tremendously reduce the operators load . in the light of the necessity to process large volumes of video data and provide autonomous decisions , this work proposes new learning algorithms for activity analysis in video . the activities and behaviours are described by a dynamic topic model . two novel learning algorithms based on the expectatio ←
→ araguaia medical vision lab at isic 2017 skin lesion classification challenge ; this paper describes the participation of araguaia medical vision lab at the international skin imaging collaboration 2017 skin lesion challenge . we describe the use of deep convolutional neural networks in attempt to classify images of melanoma and seborrheic keratosis lesions . with use of finetuned googlenet and alexnet we attained results of 0 . 950 and 0 . 846 auc on seborrheic keratosis and melanoma respectively .←
→ near - optimally teaching the crowd to classify ; how should we present training examples to learners to teach them classification rules ? this is a natural problem when training workers for crowdsourcing labeling tasks , and is also motivated by challenges in data - driven online education . we propose a natural stochastic model of the learners , modeling them as randomly switching among hypotheses based on observed feedback . we then develop strict , an efficient algorithm for selecting examples to teach to workers ←
→ collaborative filtering bandits ; classical collaborative filtering , and content - based filtering methods try to learn a static recommendation model given training data . these approaches are far from ideal in highly dynamic recommendation domains such as news recommendation and computational advertisement , where the set of items and users is very fluid . in this work , we investigate an adaptive clustering technique for content recommendation based on exploration - exploitation strategies in contextual multi - arm ←
→ learning and recognizing human action from skeleton movement with deep residual neural networks ; automatic human action recognition is indispensable for almost artificial intelligent systems such as video surveillance , human - computer interfaces , video retrieval , etc . despite a lot of progress , recognizing actions in an unknown video is still a challenging task in computer vision . recently , deep learning algorithms have proved its great potential in many vision - related recognition tasks . in this paper , we ←
→ feature based framework to detect diseases , tumor , and bleeding in wireless capsule endoscopy ; studying animal locomotion improves our understanding of motor control and aids in the treatment of motor impairment . mice are a premier model of human disease and are the model system of choice for much of basic neuroscience . high frame rates ( 250 hz ) are needed to quantify the kinematics of these running rodents . manual tracking , especially for multiple markers , becomes time - consuming and impossible . therefor ←
→ deep models under the gan : information leakage from collaborative deep learning ; deep learning has recently become hugely popular in machine learning , providing significant improvements in classification accuracy in the presence of highly - structured and large databases . researchers have also considered privacy implications of deep learning . models are typically trained in a centralized manner with all the data being processed by the same training algorithm . if the data is a collection of users ' private ←
→ lifting from the deep : convolutional 3d pose estimation from a single image ; we propose a unified formulation for the problem of 3d human pose estimation from a single raw rgb image that reasons jointly about 2d joint estimation and 3d pose reconstruction to improve both tasks . we take an integrated approach that fuses probabilistic knowledge of 3d human pose with a multi - stage cnn architecture and uses the knowledge of plausible 3d landmark locations to refine the search for better 2d locations . the ent ←
→ the structure of bayes nets for vision recognition ; this paper is part of a study whose goal is to show the effciency of using bayes networks to carry out model based vision calculations . [ binford et al . 1987 ] recognition proceeds by drawing up a network model from the object ' s geometric and functional description that predicts the appearance of an object . then this network is used to find the object within a photographic image . many existing and proposed techniques for vision recognition resemble the unce ←
→ parametric annealing : a stochastic search method for human pose tracking ; model based methods to marker - free motion capture have a very high computational overhead that make them unattractive . in this paper we describe a method that improves on existing global optimization techniques to tracking articulated objects . our method improves on the state - of - the - art annealed particle filter ( apf ) by reusing samples across annealing layers and by using an adaptive parametric density for diffusion . we compare the p ←
→ mxnet : a flexible and efficient machine learning library for heterogeneous distributed systems ; mxnet is a multi - language machine learning ( ml ) library to ease the development of ml algorithms , especially for deep neural networks . embedded in the host language , it blends declarative symbolic expression with imperative tensor computation . it offers auto differentiation to derive gradients . mxnet is computation and memory efficient and runs on various heterogeneous systems , ranging from mobile devices to d ←
→ imaging with kantorovich - rubinstein discrepancy ; we propose the use of the kantorovich - rubinstein norm from optimal transport in imaging problems . in particular , we discuss a variational regularisation model endowed with a kantorovich - rubinstein discrepancy term and total variation regularization in the context of image denoising and cartoon - texture decomposition . we point out connections of this approach to several other recently proposed methods such as total generalized variation and norms capturing osc ←
→ a generative model of group conversation ; conversations with non - player characters ( npcs ) in games are typically confined to dialogue between a human player and a virtual agent , where the conversation is initiated and controlled by the player . to create richer , more believable environments for players , we need conversational behavior to reflect initiative on the part of the npcs , including conversations that include multiple npcs who interact with one another as well as the player . we describe a generative ←
→ a debiased distributed estimation for sparse partially linear models in diverging dimensions ; we consider a distributed estimation of the double - penalized least squares approach for high dimensional partial linear models , where the sample with a total of $ n $ data points is randomly distributed among $ m $ machines and the parameters of interest are calculated by merging their $ m $ individual estimators . this paper primarily focuses on the investigation of the high dimensional linear components in partial li ←
→ training ensembles to detect adversarial examples ; we propose a new ensemble method for detecting and classifying adversarial examples generated by state - of - the - art attacks , including deepfool and c & w . our method works by training the members of an ensemble to have low classification error on random benign examples while simultaneously minimizing agreement on examples outside the training distribution . we evaluate on both mnist and cifar - 10 , against oblivious and both white - and black - box adversaries .←
→ high dimensional semiparametric latent graphical model for mixed data ; graphical models are commonly used tools for modeling multivariate random variables . while there exist many convenient multivariate distributions such as gaussian distribution for continuous data , mixed data with the presence of discrete variables or a combination of both continuous and discrete variables poses new challenges in statistical modeling . in this paper , we propose a semiparametric model named latent gaussian copula model for ←
→ data analysis with bayesian networks : a bootstrap approach ; in recent years there has been significant progress in algorithms and methods for inducing bayesian networks from data . however , in complex data analysis problems , we need to go beyond being satisfied with inducing networks with high scores . we need to provide confidence measures on features of these networks : is the existence of an edge between two nodes warranted ? is the markov blanket of a given node robust ? can we say something about the order ←
→ adversarial generation of natural language ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have gathered a lot of attention from the computer vision community , yielding impressive results for image generation . advances in the adversarial generation of natural language from noise however are not commensurate with the progress made in generating images , and still lag far behind likelihood based methods . in this paper , we take a step towards generating natural language with a gan objective alone . we introduce a simpl ←
→ efficient exploration through bayesian deep q - networks ; we propose bayesian deep q - network ( bdqn ), a practical thompson sampling based reinforcement learning ( rl ) algorithm . thompson sampling allows for targeted exploration in high dimensions through posterior sampling but is usually computationally expensive . we address this limitation by introducing uncertainty only at the output layer of the network through a bayesian linear regression ( blr ) model . this layer can be trained with fast closed - form updates ←
→ cross - moments computation for stochastic context - free grammars ; in this paper we consider the problem of efficient computation of cross - moments of a vector random variable represented by a stochastic context - free grammar . two types of cross - moments are discussed . the sample space for the first one is the set of all derivations of the context - free grammar , and the sample space for the second one is the set of all derivations which generate a string belonging to the language of the grammar . in the past , this ←
→ w - net : a deep model for fully unsupervised image segmentation ; while significant attention has been recently focused on designing supervised deep semantic segmentation algorithms for vision tasks , there are many domains in which sufficient supervised pixel - level labels are difficult to obtain . in this paper , we revisit the problem of purely unsupervised image segmentation and propose a novel deep architecture for this problem . we borrow recent ideas from supervised semantic segmentation methods , in particu ←
→ global neural ccg parsing with optimality guarantees ; we introduce the first global recursive neural parsing model with optimality guarantees during decoding . to support global features , we give up dynamic programs and instead search directly in the space of all possible subtrees . although this space is exponentially large in the sentence length , we show it is possible to learn an efficient a * parser . we augment existing parsing models , which have informative bounds on the outside score , with a global mode ←
→ brain abnormality detection by deep convolutional neural network ; in this paper , we describe our method for classification of brain magnetic resonance ( mr ) images into different abnormalities and healthy classes based on the deep neural network . we propose our method to detect high and low - grade glioma , multiple sclerosis , and alzheimer diseases as well as healthy cases . our network architecture has ten learning layers that include seven convolutional layers and three fully connected layers . we have achiev ←
→ theano - based large - scale visual recognition with multiple gpus ; in this report , we describe a theano - based alexnet ( krizhevsky et al ., 2012 ) implementation and its naive data parallelism on multiple gpus . our performance on 2 gpus is comparable with the state - of - art caffe library ( jia et al ., 2014 ) run on 1 gpu . to the best of our knowledge , this is the first open - source python - based alexnet implementation to - date .←
→ where to play : retrieval of video segments using natural - language queries ; in this paper , we propose a new approach for retrieval of video segments using natural language queries . unlike most previous approaches such as concept - based methods or rule - based structured models , the proposed method uses image captioning model to construct sentential queries for visual information . in detail , our approach exploits multiple captions generated by visual features in each image with ` densecap '. then , the similarit ←
→ secure approximation guarantee for cryptographically private empirical risk minimization ; privacy concern has been increasingly important in many machine learning ( ml ) problems . we study empirical risk minimization ( erm ) problems under secure multi - party computation ( mpc ) frameworks . main technical tools for mpc have been developed based on cryptography . one of limitations in current cryptographically private ml is that it is computationally intractable to evaluate non - linear functions such as logarithmi ←
→ cellular automata and its applications in bioinformatics : a review ; this paper aims at providing a survey on the problems that can be easily addressed by cellular automata in bioinformatics . some of the authors have proposed algorithms for addressing some problems in bioinformatics but the application of cellular automata in bioinformatics is a virgin field in research . none of the researchers has tried to relate the major problems in bioinformatics and find a common solution . extensive literature surveys ←
→ multiple random oracles are better than one ; we study the problem of learning k - juntas given access to examples drawn from a number of different product distributions . thus we wish to learn a function f : {- 1 , 1 }^ n -> {- 1 , 1 } that depends on k ( unknown ) coordinates . while the best known algorithms for the general problem of learning a k - junta require running time of n ^ k * poly ( n , 2 ^ k ), we show that given access to k different product distributions with biases separated by \ gamma > 0 , the functions may be learne ←
→ the controlled natural language of randall munroe ' s thing explainer ; it is rare that texts or entire books written in a controlled natural language ( cnl ) become very popular , but exactly this has happened with a book that has been published last year . randall munroe ' s thing explainer uses only the 1 ' 000 most often used words of the english language together with drawn pictures to explain complicated things such as nuclear reactors , jet engines , the solar system , and dishwashers . this restricted language is ←
→ an occlusion reasoning scheme for monocular pedestrian tracking in dynamic scenes ; this paper looks into the problem of pedestrian tracking using a monocular , potentially moving , uncalibrated camera . the pedestrians are located in each frame using a standard human detector , which are then tracked in subsequent frames . this is a challenging problem as one has to deal with complex situations like changing background , partial or full occlusion and camera motion . in order to carry out successful tracking , it ←
→ tensor vs matrix methods : robust tensor decomposition under block sparse perturbations ; robust tensor cp decomposition involves decomposing a tensor into low rank and sparse components . we propose a novel non - convex iterative algorithm with guaranteed recovery . it alternates between low - rank cp decomposition through gradient ascent ( a variant of the tensor power method ), and hard thresholding of the residual . we prove convergence to the globally optimal solution under natural incoherence conditions on th ←
→ geometric analysis of the conformal camera for intermediate - level vision and perisaccadic perception ; a binocular system developed by the author in terms of projective fourier transform ( pft ) of the conformal camera , which numerically integrates the head , eyes , and visual cortex , is used to process visual information during saccadic eye movements . although we make three saccades per second at the eyeball ' s maximum speed of 700 deg / sec , our visual system accounts for these incisive eye movements to produc ←
→ on the practical use of variable elimination in constraint optimization problems : ' still - life ' as a case study ; variable elimination is a general technique for constraint processing . it is often discarded because of its high space complexity . however , it can be extremely useful when combined with other techniques . in this paper we study the applicability of variable elimination to the challenging problem of finding still - lifes . we illustrate several alternatives : variable elimination as a stand - alone alg ←
→ inference networks for sequential monte carlo in graphical models ; we introduce a new approach for amortizing inference in directed graphical models by learning heuristic approximations to stochastic inverses , designed specifically for use as proposal distributions in sequential monte carlo methods . we describe a procedure for constructing and learning a structured neural network which represents an inverse factorization of the graphical model , resulting in a conditional density estimator that takes as inp ←
→ context - sensitive spelling correction using google web 1t 5 - gram information ; in computing , spell checking is the process of detecting and sometimes providing spelling suggestions for incorrectly spelled words in a text . basically , a spell checker is a computer program that uses a dictionary of words to perform spell checking . the bigger the dictionary is , the higher is the error detection rate . the fact that spell checkers are based on regular dictionaries , they suffer from data sparseness problem as th ←
→ accelerating dependency graph learning from heterogeneous categorical event streams via knowledge transfer ; dependency graph , as a heterogeneous graph representing the intrinsic relationships between different pairs of system entities , is essential to many data analysis applications , such as root cause diagnosis , intrusion detection , etc . given a well - trained dependency graph from a source domain and an immature dependency graph from a target domain , how can we extract the entity and dependency knowledge ←
→ learning hierarchical features from generative models ; deep neural networks have been shown to be very successful at learning feature hierarchies in supervised learning tasks . generative models , on the other hand , have benefited less from hierarchical models with multiple layers of latent variables . in this paper , we prove that hierarchical latent variable models do not take advantage of the hierarchical structure when trained with existing variational methods , and provide some limitations on the kind of f ←
→ a model of free will for artificial entities ; the impression of free will is the feeling according to which our choices are neither imposed from our inside nor from outside . it is the sense we are the ultimate cause of our acts . in direct opposition with the universal determinism , the existence of free will continues to be discussed . in this paper , free will is linked to a decisional mechanism : an agent is provided with free will if having performed a predictable choice cp , it can immediately perform anoth ←
→ real - time visual localisation in a tagged environment ; in a robotised warehouse a major issue is the safety of human operators in case of intervention in the work area of the robots . the current solution is to shut down every robot but it causes a loss of productivity , especially for large robotised warehouses . in order to avoid this loss we need to ensure the operator ' s security during his / her intervention in the warehouse without powering off the robots . the human operator needs to be localised in the wa ←
→ finding near - optimal independent sets at scale ; the independent set problem is np - hard and particularly difficult to solve in large sparse graphs . in this work , we develop an advanced evolutionary algorithm , which incorporates kernelization techniques to compute large independent sets in huge sparse networks . a recent exact algorithm has shown that large networks can be solved exactly by employing a branch - and - reduce technique that recursively kernelizes the graph and performs branching . however , one major ←
→ marginalizing in undirected graph and hypergraph models ; given an undirected graph g or hypergraph x model for a given set of variables v , we introduce two marginalization operators for obtaining the undirected graph ga or hypergraph ha associated with a given subset a c v such that the marginal distribution of a factorizes according to ga or ha , respectively . finally , we illustrate the method by its application to some practical examples . with them we show that hypergraph models allow defining a finer fac ←
→ training of convolutional networks on multiple heterogeneous datasets for street scene semantic segmentation ; we propose a convolutional network with hierarchical classifiers for per - pixel semantic segmentation , which is able to be trained on multiple , heterogeneous datasets and exploit their semantic hierarchy . our network is the first to be simultaneously trained on three different datasets from the intelligent vehicles domain , i . e . cityscapes , gtsdb and mapillary vistas , and is able to handle differen ←
→ chinese restaurant process for cognate clustering : a threshold free approach ; in this paper , we introduce a threshold free approach , motivated from chinese restaurant process , for the purpose of cognate clustering . we show that our approach yields similar results to a linguistically motivated cognate clustering system known as lexstat . our chinese restaurant process system is fast and does not require any threshold and can be applied to any language family of the world .←
→ msc : a dataset for macro - management in starcraft ii ; macro - management is an important problem in starcraft , which has been studied for a long time . various datasets together with assorted methods have been proposed in the last few years . but these datasets have some defects for boosting the academic and industrial research : 1 ) there ' re neither standard preprocessing , parsing and feature extraction procedures nor predefined training , validation and test set in some datasets . 2 ) some datasets are only specif ←
→ deep learning - based food calorie estimation method in dietary assessment ; obesity treatment requires obese patients to record all food intakes per day . computer vision has been introduced to estimate calories from food images . in order to increase accuracy of detection and reduce the error of volume estimation in food calorie estimation , we present our calorie estimation method in this paper . to estimate calorie of food , a top view and side view is needed . faster r - cnn is used to detect the food and calibr ←
→ generalization and exploration via randomized value functions ; we propose randomized least - squares value iteration ( rlsvi ) -- a new reinforcement learning algorithm designed to explore and generalize efficiently via linearly parameterized value functions . we explain why versions of least - squares value iteration that use boltzmann or epsilon - greedy exploration can be highly inefficient , and we present computational results that demonstrate dramatic efficiency gains enjoyed by rlsvi . further , we establish an ←
→ testing and learning on distributions with symmetric noise invariance ; kernel embeddings of distributions and the maximum mean discrepancy ( mmd ), the resulting distance between distributions , are useful tools for fully nonparametric two - sample testing and learning on distributions . however , it is rarely that all possible differences between samples are of interest -- discovered differences can be due to different types of measurement noise , data collection artefacts or other irrelevant sources of variabili ←
→ algebraic clustering of affine subspaces ; subspace clustering is an important problem in machine learning with many applications in computer vision and pattern recognition . prior work has studied this problem using algebraic , iterative , statistical , low - rank and sparse representation techniques . while these methods have been applied to both linear and affine subspaces , theoretical results have only been established in the case of linear subspaces . for example , algebraic subspace clustering ( asc ) is guarant ←
→ customizing first person image through desired actions ; this paper studies a problem of inverse visual path planning : creating a visual scene from a first person action . our conjecture is that the spatial arrangement of a first person visual scene is deployed to afford an action , and therefore , the action can be inversely used to synthesize a new scene such that the action is feasible . as a proof - of - concept , we focus on linking visual experiences induced by walking . a key innovation of this paper is a co ←
→ from restful services to rdf : connecting the web and the semantic web ; restful services on the web expose information through retrievable resource representations that represent self - describing descriptions of resources , and through the way how these resources are interlinked through the hyperlinks that can be found in those representations . this basic design of restful services means that for extracting the most useful information from a service , it is necessary to understand a service ' s representations , ←
→ generalization and expressivity for deep nets ; along with the rapid development of deep learning in practice , the theoretical explanations for its success become urgent . generalization and expressivity are two widely used measurements to quantify theoretical behaviors of deep learning . the expressivity focuses on finding functions expressible by deep nets but cannot be approximated by shallow nets with the similar number of neurons . it usually implies the large capacity . the generalization aims at deriving ←
→ graph scaling cut with l1 - norm for classification of hyperspectral images ; in this paper , we propose an l1 normalized graph based dimensionality reduction method for hyperspectral images , called as l1 - scaling cut ( l1 - sc ). the underlying idea of this method is to generate the optimal projection matrix by retaining the original distribution of the data . though l2 - norm is generally preferred for computation , it is sensitive to noise and outliers . however , l1 - norm is robust to them . therefore , we obtain the ←
→ content - based table retrieval for web queries ; understanding the connections between unstructured text and semi - structured table is an important yet neglected problem in natural language processing . in this work , we focus on content - based table retrieval . given a query , the task is to find the most relevant table from a collection of tables . further progress towards improving this area requires powerful models of semantic matching and richer training and evaluation resources . to remedy this , we present a r ←
→ global convergence of online limited memory bfgs ; global convergence of an online ( stochastic ) limited memory version of the broyden - fletcher - goldfarb - shanno ( bfgs ) quasi - newton method for solving optimization problems with stochastic objectives that arise in large scale machine learning is established . lower and upper bounds on the hessian eigenvalues of the sample functions are shown to suffice to guarantee that the curvature approximation matrices have bounded determinants and traces , which , in turn , p ←
→ an ensemble model with ranking for social dialogue ; open - domain social dialogue is one of the long - standing goals of artificial intelligence . this year , the amazon alexa prize challenge was announced for the first time , where real customers get to rate systems developed by leading universities worldwide . the aim of the challenge is to converse " coherently and engagingly with humans on popular topics for 20 minutes ". we describe our alexa prize system ( called ' alana ') consisting of an ensemble of bots , comb ←
→ calculating uncertainty intervals from conditional convex sets of probabilities ; in moral , campos ( 1991 ) and cano , moral , verdegay - lopez ( 1991 ) a new method of conditioning convex sets of probabilities has been proposed . the result of it is a convex set of non - necessarily normalized probability distributions . the normalizing factor of each probability distribution is interpreted as the possibility assigned to it by the conditioning information . from this , it is deduced that the natural value for the cond ←
→ recovering multiple nonnegative time series from a few temporal aggregates ; motivated by electricity consumption metering , we extend existing nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) algorithms to use linear measurements as observations , instead of matrix entries . the objective is to estimate multiple time series at a fine temporal scale from temporal aggregates measured on each individual series . furthermore , our algorithm is extended to take into account individual autocorrelation to provide better estim ←
→ joint screening tests for lasso ; this paper focusses on " safe " screening techniques for the lasso problem . motivated by the need for low - complexity algorithms , we propose a new approach , dubbed " joint " screening test , allowing to screen a set of atoms by carrying out one single test . the approach is particularized to two different sets of atoms , respectively expressed as sphere and dome regions . after presenting the mathematical derivations of the tests , we elaborate on their relative effectiveness and dis ←
→ fast and robust misalignment correction of fourier ptychographic microscopy ; fourier ptychographi cmicroscopy ( fpm ) is a newly developed computational imaging technique that can provide gigapixel images with both high resolution ( hr ) and wide field of view ( fov ). however , the positional misalignment of the led array induces a degradation of the reconstruction , especially in the regions away from the optical axis . in this paper , we propose a robust and fast method to correct the led misalignment of fpm , te ←
→ analyzing the language of food on social media ; we investigate the predictive power behind the language of food on social media . we collect a corpus of over three million food - related posts from twitter and demonstrate that many latent population characteristics can be directly predicted from this data : overweight rate , diabetes rate , political leaning , and home geographical location of authors . for all tasks , our language - based models significantly outperform the majority - class baselines . performance is f ←
→ chi - squared amplification : identifying hidden hubs ; we consider the following general hidden hubs model : an $ n \ times n $ random matrix $ a $ with a subset $ s $ of $ k $ special rows ( hubs ): entries in rows outside $ s $ are generated from the probability distribution $ p_0 \ sim n ( 0 ,\ sigma_0 ^ 2 )$; for each row in $ s $, some $ k $ of its entries are generated from $ p_1 \ sim n ( 0 ,\ sigma_1 ^ 2 )$, $\ sigma_1 >\ sigma_0 $, and the rest of the entries from $ p_0 $. the problem is to identify the high - degree hubs efficiently . this mod ←
→ inference with seperately specified sets of probabilities in credal networks ; we present new algorithms for inference in credal networks --- directed acyclic graphs associated with sets of probabilities . credal networks are here interpreted as encoding strong independence relations among variables . we first present a theory of credal networks based on separately specified sets of probabilities . we also show that inference with polytrees is np - hard in this setting . we then introduce new techniques that re ←
→ deep neural networks rival the representation of primate it cortex for core visual object recognition ; the primate visual system achieves remarkable visual object recognition performance even in brief presentations and under changes to object exemplar , geometric transformations , and background variation ( a . k . a . core visual object recognition ). this remarkable performance is mediated by the representation formed in inferior temporal ( it ) cortex . in parallel , recent advances in machine learning have led to ←
→ local component analysis for nonparametric bayes classifier ; the decision boundaries of bayes classifier are optimal because they lead to maximum probability of correct decision . it means if we knew the prior probabilities and the class - conditional densities , we could design a classifier which gives the lowest probability of error . however , in classification based on nonparametric density estimation methods such as parzen windows , the decision regions depend on the choice of parameters such as window width ←
→ seamless integration and coordination of cognitive skills in humanoid robots : a deep learning approach ; this study investigates how adequate coordination among the different cognitive processes of a humanoid robot can be developed through end - to - end learning of direct perception of visuomotor stream . we propose a deep dynamic neural network model built on a dynamic vision network , a motor generation network , and a higher - level network . the proposed model was designed to process and to integrate direct pe ←
→ augmenting phrase table by employing lexicons for pivot - based smt ; pivot language is employed as a way to solve the data sparseness problem in machine translation , especially when the data for a particular language pair does not exist . the combination of source - to - pivot and pivot - to - target translation models can induce a new translation model through the pivot language . however , the errors in two models may compound as noise , and still , the combined model may suffer from a serious phrase sparsity problem . ←
→ fine - pruning : joint fine - tuning and compression of a convolutional network with bayesian optimization ; when approaching a novel visual recognition problem in a specialized image domain , a common strategy is to start with a pre - trained deep neural network and fine - tune it to the specialized domain . if the target domain covers a smaller visual space than the source domain used for pre - training ( e . g . imagenet ), the fine - tuned network is likely to be over - parameterized . however , applying network pruning as a ←
→ compact convolutional neural networks for classification of asynchronous steady - state visual evoked potentials ; steady - state visual evoked potentials ( ssveps ) are neural oscillations from the parietal and occipital regions of the brain that are evoked from flickering visual stimuli . ssveps are robust signals measurable in the electroencephalogram ( eeg ) and are commonly used in brain - computer interfaces ( bcis ). however , methods for high - accuracy decoding of ssveps usually require hand - crafted approaches t ←
→ bayesian poker ; poker is ideal for testing automated reasoning under uncertainty . it introduces uncertainty both by physical randomization and by incomplete information about opponents hands . another source of uncertainty is the limited information available to construct psychological models of opponents , their tendencies to bluff , play conservatively , reveal weakness , etc . and the relation between their hand strengths and betting behaviour . all of these uncertainties must be assessed accurately and combine ←
→ robust subgraph generation improves abstract meaning representation parsing ; the abstract meaning representation ( amr ) is a representation for open - domain rich semantics , with potential use in fields like event extraction and machine translation . node generation , typically done using a simple dictionary lookup , is currently an important limiting factor in amr parsing . we propose a small set of actions that derive amr subgraphs by transformations on spans of text , which allows for more robust learning of ←
→ autonomous grounding of visual field experience through sensorimotor prediction ; in a developmental framework , autonomous robots need to explore the world and learn how to interact with it . without an a priori model of the system , this opens the challenging problem of having robots master their interface with the world : how to perceive their environment using their sensors , and how to act in it using their motors . the sensorimotor approach of perception claims that a naive agent can learn to master this ←
→ vse - ens : visual - semantic embeddings with efficient negative sampling ; jointing visual - semantic embeddings ( vse ) have become a research hotpot for the task of image annotation , which suffers from the issue of semantic gap , i . e ., the gap between images ' visual features ( low - level ) and labels ' semantic features ( high - level ). this issue will be even more challenging if visual features cannot be retrieved from images , that is , when images are only denoted by numerical ids as given in some real datasets . the typ ←
→ fast orthonormal sparsifying transforms based on householder reflectors ; dictionary learning is the task of determining a data - dependent transform that yields a sparse representation of some observed data . the dictionary learning problem is non - convex , and usually solved via computationally complex iterative algorithms . furthermore , the resulting transforms obtained generally lack structure that permits their fast application to data . to address this issue , this paper develops a framework for learning orth ←
→ compressing word embeddings via deep compositional code learning ; natural language processing ( nlp ) models often require a massive number of parameters for word embeddings , resulting in a large storage or memory footprint . deploying neural nlp models to mobile devices requires compressing the word embeddings without any significant sacrifices in performance . for this purpose , we propose to construct the embeddings with few basis vectors . for each word , the composition of basis vectors is determined by a ha ←
→ inducing semantic representation from text by jointly predicting and factorizing relations ; in this work , we propose a new method to integrate two recent lines of work : unsupervised induction of shallow semantics ( e . g ., semantic roles ) and factorization of relations in text and knowledge bases . our model consists of two components : ( 1 ) an encoding component : a semantic role labeling model which predicts roles given a rich set of syntactic and lexical features ; ( 2 ) a reconstruction component : a tensor fac ←
→ automated visual fin identification of individual great white sharks ; this paper discusses the automated visual identification of individual great white sharks from dorsal fin imagery . we propose a computer vision photo id system and report recognition results over a database of thousands of unconstrained fin images . to the best of our knowledge this line of work establishes the first fully automated contour - based visual id system in the field of animal biometrics . the approach put forward appreciates shar ←
→ improved twitter sentiment analysis using naive bayes and custom language model ; in the last couple decades , social network services like twitter have generated large volumes of data about users and their interests , providing meaningful business intelligence so organizations can better understand and engage their customers . all businesses want to know who is promoting their products , who is complaining about them , and how are these opinions bringing or diminishing value to a company . companies want to be ←
→ measuring dependence powerfully and equitably ; given a high - dimensional data set we often wish to find the strongest relationships within it . a common strategy is to evaluate a measure of dependence on every variable pair and retain the highest - scoring pairs for follow - up . this strategy works well if the statistic used is equitable [ reshef et al . 2015a ], i . e ., if , for some measure of noise , it assigns similar scores to equally noisy relationships regardless of relationship type ( e . g ., linear , exponential , ←
→ approximately optimal monitoring of plan preconditions ; monitoring plan preconditions can allow for replanning when a precondition fails , generally far in advance of the point in the plan where the precondition is relevant . however , monitoring is generally costly , and some precondition failures have a very small impact on plan quality . we formulate a model for optimal precondition monitoring , using partially - observable markov decisions processes , and describe methods for solving this model efficitively , th ←
→ sifting robotic from organic text : a natural language approach for detecting automation on twitter ; twitter , a popular social media outlet , has evolved into a vast source of linguistic data , rich with opinion , sentiment , and discussion . due to the increasing popularity of twitter , its perceived potential for exerting social influence has led to the rise of a diverse community of automatons , commonly referred to as bots . these inorganic and semi - organic twitter entities can range from the benevolent ( e . g .←
→ what ' s in a message ? ; in this paper we present the first step in a larger series of experiments for the induction of predicate / argument structures . the structures that we are inducing are very similar to the conceptual structures that are used in frame semantics ( such as framenet ). those structures are called messages and they were previously used in the context of a multi - document summarization system of evolving events . the series of experiments that we are proposing are essentially composed from two sta ←
→ gibbsnet : iterative adversarial inference for deep graphical models ; directed latent variable models that formulate the joint distribution as $ p ( x , z ) = p ( z ) p ( x \ mid z )$ have the advantage of fast and exact sampling . however , these models have the weakness of needing to specify $ p ( z )$, often with a simple fixed prior that limits the expressiveness of the model . undirected latent variable models discard the requirement that $ p ( z )$ be specified with a prior , yet sampling from them generally requires an itera ←
→ quantum learning : optimal classification of qubit states ; pattern recognition is a central topic in learning theory with numerous applications such as voice and text recognition , image analysis , computer diagnosis . the statistical set - up in classification is the following : we are given an i . i . d . training set $( x_ { 1 }, y_ { 1 }),... ( x_ { n }, y_ { n })$ where $ x_ { i }$ represents a feature and $ y_ { i }\ in \{ 0 , 1 \}$ is a label attached to that feature . the underlying joint distribution of $( x , y )$ is unknown , but we can lear ←
→ high dimensional expectation - maximization algorithm : statistical optimization and asymptotic normality ; we provide a general theory of the expectation - maximization ( em ) algorithm for inferring high dimensional latent variable models . in particular , we make two contributions : ( i ) for parameter estimation , we propose a novel high dimensional em algorithm which naturally incorporates sparsity structure into parameter estimation . with an appropriate initialization , this algorithm converges at a geometric rat ←
→ artificial immune systems ( intros 2 ) ; the biological immune system is a robust , complex , adaptive system that defends the body from foreign pathogens . it is able to categorize all cells ( or molecules ) within the body as self or non - self substances . it does this with the help of a distributed task force that has the intelligence to take action from a local and also a global perspective using its network of chemical messengers for communication . there are two major branches of the immune system . the innate i ←
→ on the conditional independence implication problem : a lattice - theoretic approach ; a lattice - theoretic framework is introduced that permits the study of the conditional independence ( ci ) implication problem relative to the class of discrete probability measures . semi - lattices are associated with ci statements and a finite , sound and complete inference system relative to semi - lattice inclusions is presented . this system is shown to be ( 1 ) sound and complete for saturated ci statements , ( 2 ) complete for ge ←
→ an alc ( d )- based combination of temporal constraints and spatial constraints suitable for continuous ( spatial ) change ; we present a family of spatio - temporal theories suitable for continuous spatial change in general , and for continuous motion of spatial scenes in particular . the family is obtained by spatio - temporalising the well - known alc ( d ) family of description logics ( dls ) with a concrete domain d , as follows , where tcsps denotes " temporal constraint satisfaction problems ", a well - known constraint - ba ←
→ an unsupervised feature learning approach to improve automatic incident detection ; sophisticated automatic incident detection ( aid ) technology plays a key role in contemporary transportation systems . though many papers were devoted to study incident classification algorithms , few study investigated how to enhance feature representation of incidents to improve aid performance . in this paper , we propose to use an unsupervised feature learning algorithm to generate higher level features to represent inciden ←
→ quantifier scope in categorical compositional distributional semantics ; in previous work with j . hedges , we formalised a generalised quantifiers theory of natural language in categorical compositional distributional semantics with the help of bialgebras . in this paper , we show how quantifier scope ambiguity can be represented in that setting and how this representation can be generalised to branching quantifiers .←
→ efficient low dose x - ray ct reconstruction through sparsity - based map modeling ; ultra low radiation dose in x - ray computed tomography ( ct ) is an important clinical objective in order to minimize the risk of carcinogenesis . compressed sensing ( cs ) enables significant reductions in radiation dose to be achieved by producing diagnostic images from a limited number of ct projections . however , the excessive computation time that conventional cs - based ct reconstruction typically requires has limited clinical i ←
→ morphological constraints for phrase pivot statistical machine translation ; the lack of parallel data for many language pairs is an important challenge to statistical machine translation ( smt ). one common solution is to pivot through a third language for which there exist parallel corpora with the source and target languages . although pivoting is a robust technique , it introduces some low quality translations especially when a poor morphology language is used as the pivot between rich morphology language ←
→ a character - word compositional neural language model for finnish ; inspired by recent research , we explore ways to model the highly morphological finnish language at the level of characters while maintaining the performance of word - level models . we propose a new character - to - word - to - character ( c2w2c ) compositional language model that uses characters as input and output while still internally processing word level embeddings . our preliminary experiments , using the finnish europarl v7 corpus , indicate that c2 ←
→ high efficient reconstruction of single - shot t2 mapping from overlapping - echo detachment planar imaging based on deep residual network ; purpose : an end - to - end deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based on deep residual network ( resnet ) was proposed to efficiently reconstruct reliable t2 mapping from single - shot overlapping - echo detachment ( oled ) planar imaging . methods : the training dataset was obtained from simulations carried out on sprom software developed by our group . the relationship between the ←
→ neural network to identify individuals at health risk ; the risk of diseases such as heart attack and high blood pressure could be reduced by adequate physical activity . however , even though majority of general population claims to perform some physical exercise , only a minority exercises enough to keep a healthy living style . thus , physical inactivity has become one of the major concerns of public health in the past decade . research shows that the highest decrease in physical activity is noticed from high ←
→ stex + - a system for flexible formalization of linked data ; we present the stex + system , a user - driven advancement of stex - a semantic extension of latex that allows for producing high - quality pdf documents for ( proof ) reading and printing , as well as semantic xml / omdoc documents for the web or further processing . originally stex had been created as an invasive , semantic frontend for authoring xml documents . here , we used stex in a software engineering case study as a formalization tool . in order to deal w ←
→ spatio - temporal video autoencoder with differentiable memory ; we describe a new spatio - temporal video autoencoder , based on a classic spatial image autoencoder and a novel nested temporal autoencoder . the temporal encoder is represented by a differentiable visual memory composed of convolutional long short - term memory ( lstm ) cells that integrate changes over time . here we target motion changes and use as temporal decoder a robust optical flow prediction module together with an image sampler serving as buil ←
→ concept based attention ; attention endows animals an ability to concentrate on the most relevant information among a deluge of distractors at any given time , either through volitionally ' top - down ' biasing , or driven by automatically ' bottom - up ' saliency of stimuli , in favour of advantageous competition in neural modulations for information processing . nevertheless , instead of being limited to perceive simple features , human and other advanced animals adaptively learn the world into categories and abstract ←
→ improving semantic composition with offset inference ; count - based distributional semantic models suffer from sparsity due to unobserved but plausible co - occurrences in any text collection . this problem is amplified for models like anchored packed trees ( apts ), that take the grammatical type of a co - occurrence into account . we therefore introduce a novel form of distributional inference that exploits the rich type structure in apts and infers missing data by the same mechanism that is used for semantic comp ←
→ truehappiness : neuromorphic emotion recognition on truenorth ; we present an approach to constructing a neuromorphic device that responds to language input by producing neuron spikes in proportion to the strength of the appropriate positive or negative emotional response . specifically , we perform a fine - grained sentiment analysis task with implementations on two different systems : one using conventional spiking neural network ( snn ) simulators and the other one using ibm ' s neurosynaptic system truenorth . inp ←
→ diffusion - based nonlinear filtering for multimodal data fusion with application to sleep stage assessment ; the problem of information fusion from multiple data - sets acquired by multimodal sensors has drawn significant research attention over the years . in this paper , we focus on a particular problem setting consisting of a physical phenomenon or a system of interest observed by multiple sensors . we assume that all sensors measure some aspects of the system of interest with additional sensor - specific and ←
→ gpu - accelerated real - time stixel computation ; the stixel world is a medium - level , compact representation of road scenes that abstracts millions of disparity pixels into hundreds or thousands of stixels . the goal of this work is to implement and evaluate a complete multi - stixel estimation pipeline on an embedded , energy - efficient , gpu - accelerated device . this work presents a full gpu - accelerated implementation of stixel estimation that produces reliable results at 26 frames per second ( real - time ) on the teg ←
→ deep learning for photoacoustic tomography from sparse data ; the development of fast and accurate image reconstruction algorithms is a central aspect of computed tomography . in this paper we investigate this issue for the sparse data problem in photoacoustic tomography ( pat ). we develop a direct and highly efficient reconstruction algorithm based on deep learning . in our approach image reconstruction is performed with a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ), whose weights are adjusted prior to the actual ←
→ video and accelerometer - based motion analysis for automated surgical skills assessment ; purpose : basic surgical skills of suturing and knot tying are an essential part of medical training . having an automated system for surgical skills assessment could help save experts time and improve training efficiency . there have been some recent attempts at automated surgical skills assessment using either video analysis or acceleration data . in this paper , we present a novel approach for automated assessment of os ←
→ auto analysis of customer feedback using cnn and gru network ; analyzing customer feedback is the best way to channelize the data into new marketing strategies that benefit entrepreneurs as well as customers . therefore an automated system which can analyze the customer behavior is in great demand . users may write feedbacks in any language , and hence mining appropriate information often becomes intractable . especially in a traditional feature - based supervised model , it is difficult to build a generic system ←
→ probabilistic reasoning as information compression by multiple alignment , unification and search : an introduction and overview ; this article introduces the idea that probabilistic reasoning ( pr ) may be understood as " information compression by multiple alignment , unification and search " ( icmaus ). in this context , multiple alignment has a meaning which is similar to but distinct from its meaning in bio - informatics , while unification means a simple merging of matching patterns , a meaning which is related t ←
→ variational gaussian process dynamical systems ; high dimensional time series are endemic in applications of machine learning such as robotics ( sensor data ), computational biology ( gene expression data ), vision ( video sequences ) and graphics ( motion capture data ). practical nonlinear probabilistic approaches to this data are required . in this paper we introduce the variational gaussian process dynamical system . our work builds on recent variational approximations for gaussian process latent variable models ←
→ the deductive database system ldl ++ ; this paper describes the ldl ++ system and the research advances that have enabled its design and development . we begin by discussing the new nonmonotonic and nondeterministic constructs that extend the functionality of the ldl ++ language , while preserving its model - theoretic and fixpoint semantics . then , we describe the execution model and the open architecture designed to support these new constructs and to facilitate the integration with existing dbmss and application ←
→ on the accuracy and running time of gsat ; randomized algorithms for deciding satisfiability were shown to be effective in solving problems with thousands of variables . however , these algorithms are not complete . that is , they provide no guarantee that a satisfying assignment , if one exists , will be found . thus , when studying randomized algorithms , there are two important characteristics that need to be considered : the running time and , even more importantly , the accuracy --- a measure of likelihood that a ←
→ sparse factorization layers for neural networks with limited supervision ; whereas cnns have demonstrated immense progress in many vision problems , they suffer from a dependence on monumental amounts of labeled training data . on the other hand , dictionary learning does not scale to the size of problems that cnns can handle , despite being very effective at low - level vision tasks such as denoising and inpainting . recently , interest has grown in adapting dictionary learning methods for supervised tasks such as ←
→ fpl analysis for adaptive bandits ; a main problem of " follow the perturbed leader " strategies for online decision problems is that regret bounds are typically proven against oblivious adversary . in partial observation cases , it was not clear how to obtain performance guarantees against adaptive adversary , without worsening the bounds . we propose a conceptually simple argument to resolve this problem . using this , a regret bound of o ( t ^( 2 / 3 )) for fpl in the adversarial multi - armed bandit problem is shown . th ←
→ learning semantic representations for the phrase translation model ; this paper presents a novel semantic - based phrase translation model . a pair of source and target phrases are projected into continuous - valued vector representations in a low - dimensional latent semantic space , where their translation score is computed by the distance between the pair in this new space . the projection is performed by a multi - layer neural network whose weights are learned on parallel training data . the learning is aimed to di ←
→ deep unsupervised learning using nonequilibrium thermodynamics ; a central problem in machine learning involves modeling complex data - sets using highly flexible families of probability distributions in which learning , sampling , inference , and evaluation are still analytically or computationally tractable . here , we develop an approach that simultaneously achieves both flexibility and tractability . the essential idea , inspired by non - equilibrium statistical physics , is to systematically and slowly destroy str ←
→ predicting discharge medications at admission time based on deep learning ; predicting discharge medications right after a patient being admitted is an important clinical decision , which provides physicians with guidance on what type of medication regimen to plan for and what possible changes on initial medication may occur during an inpatient stay . it also facilitates medication reconciliation process with easy detection of medication discrepancy at discharge time to improve patient safety . however , sinc ←
→ heterogeneous tensor decomposition for clustering via manifold optimization ; tensors or multiarray data are generalizations of matrices . tensor clustering has become a very important research topic due to the intrinsically rich structures in real - world multiarray datasets . subspace clustering based on vectorizing multiarray data has been extensively researched . however , vectorization of tensorial data does not exploit complete structure information . in this paper , we propose a subspace clustering algorit ←
→ latent semantic word sense disambiguation using global co - occurrence information ; in this paper , i propose a novel word sense disambiguation method based on the global co - occurrence information using nmf . when i calculate the dependency relation matrix , the existing method tends to produce very sparse co - occurrence matrix from a small training set . therefore , the nmf algorithm sometimes does not converge to desired solutions . to obtain a large number of co - occurrence relations , i propose to use co - occurr ←
→ toward interpretable topic discovery via anchored correlation explanation ; many predictive tasks , such as diagnosing a patient based on their medical chart , are ultimately defined by the decisions of human experts . unfortunately , encoding experts ' knowledge is often time consuming and expensive . we propose a simple way to use fuzzy and informal knowledge from experts to guide discovery of interpretable latent topics in text . the underlying intuition of our approach is that latent factors should be inform ←
→ the ubuntu dialogue corpus : a large dataset for research in unstructured multi - turn dialogue systems ; this paper introduces the ubuntu dialogue corpus , a dataset containing almost 1 million multi - turn dialogues , with a total of over 7 million utterances and 100 million words . this provides a unique resource for research into building dialogue managers based on neural language models that can make use of large amounts of unlabeled data . the dataset has both the multi - turn property of conversations in the ←
→ opinion recommendation using neural memory model ; we present opinion recommendation , a novel task of jointly predicting a custom review with a rating score that a certain user would give to a certain product or service , given existing reviews and rating scores to the product or service by other users , and the reviews that the user has given to other products and services . a characteristic of opinion recommendation is the reliance of multiple data sources for multi - task joint learning , which is the strength ←
→ simultaneous feature and expert selection within mixture of experts ; a useful strategy to deal with complex classification scenarios is the " divide and conquer " approach . the mixture of experts ( moe ) technique makes use of this strategy by joinly training a set of classifiers , or experts , that are specialized in different regions of the input space . a global model , or gate function , complements the experts by learning a function that weights their relevance in different parts of the input space . local feat ←
→ proceedings thirteenth international workshop on the acl2 theorem prover and its applications ; this volume contains the proceedings of the thirteenth international workshop on the acl2 theorem prover and its applications , acl2 2015 , a two - day workshop held in austin , texas , usa , on october 1 - 2 , 2015 . acl2 workshops occur at approximately 18 - month intervals and provide a major technical forum for researchers to present and discuss improvements and extensions to the theorem prover , comparisons of acl2 with ←
→ splboost : an improved robust boosting algorithm based on self - paced learning ; it is known that boosting can be interpreted as a gradient descent technique to minimize an underlying loss function . specifically , the underlying loss being minimized by the traditional adaboost is the exponential loss , which is proved to be very sensitive to random noise / outliers . therefore , several boosting algorithms , e . g ., logitboost and savageboost , have been proposed to improve the robustness of adaboost by replacing the ←
→ deep multimodal learning for emotion recognition in spoken language ; in this paper , we present a novel deep multimodal framework to predict human emotions based on sentence - level spoken language . our architecture has two distinctive characteristics . first , it extracts the high - level features from both text and audio via a hybrid deep multimodal structure , which considers the spatial information from text , temporal information from audio , and high - level associations from low - level handcrafted features . seco ←
→ automatic sarcasm detection : a survey ; automatic sarcasm detection is the task of predicting sarcasm in text . this is a crucial step to sentiment analysis , considering prevalence and challenges of sarcasm in sentiment - bearing text . beginning with an approach that used speech - based features , sarcasm detection has witnessed great interest from the sentiment analysis community . this paper is the first known compilation of past work in automatic sarcasm detection . we observe three milestones in the research so ←
→ dirty pixels : optimizing image classification architectures for raw sensor data ; real - world sensors suffer from noise , blur , and other imperfections that make high - level computer vision tasks like scene segmentation , tracking , and scene understanding difficult . making high - level computer vision networks robust is imperative for real - world applications like autonomous driving , robotics , and surveillance . we propose a novel end - to - end differentiable architecture for joint denoising , deblurring , and classif ←
→ probabilistic inference from arbitrary uncertainty using mixtures of factorized generalized gaussians ; this paper presents a general and efficient framework for probabilistic inference and learning from arbitrary uncertain information . it exploits the calculation properties of finite mixture models , conjugate families and factorization . both the joint probability density of the variables and the likelihood function of the ( objective or subjective ) observation are approximated by a special mixture model , ←
→ equivalence of learning algorithms ; the purpose of this paper is to introduce a concept of equivalence between machine learning algorithms . we define two notions of algorithmic equivalence , namely , weak and strong equivalence . these notions are of paramount importance for identifying when learning prop erties from one learning algorithm can be transferred to another . using regularized kernel machines as a case study , we illustrate the importance of the introduced equivalence concept by analyzing the relati ←
→ batch active learning via coordinated matching ; most prior work on active learning of classifiers has focused on sequentially selecting one unlabeled example at a time to be labeled in order to reduce the overall labeling effort . in many scenarios , however , it is desirable to label an entire batch of examples at once , for example , when labels can be acquired in parallel . this motivates us to study batch active learning , which iteratively selects batches of $ k > 1 $ examples to be labeled . we propose a novel b ←
→ developing a cardiovascular disease risk factor annotated corpus of chinese electronic medical records ; cardiovascular disease ( cvd ) has become the leading cause of death in china , and most of the cases can be prevented by controlling risk factors . the goal of this study was to build a corpus of cvd risk factor annotations based on chinese electronic medical records ( cemrs ). this corpus is intended to be used to develop a risk factor information extraction system that , in turn , can be applied as a founda ←
→ learning features from co - occurrences : a theoretical analysis ; representing a word by its co - occurrences with other words in context is an effective way to capture the meaning of the word . however , the theory behind remains a challenge . in this work , taking the example of a word classification task , we give a theoretical analysis of the approaches that represent a word x by a function f ( p ( c | x )), where c is a context feature , p ( c | x ) is the conditional probability estimated from a text corpus , and the functi ←
→ action classification and highlighting in videos ; inspired by recent advances in neural machine translation , that jointly align and translate using encoder - decoder networks equipped with attention , we propose an attentionbased lstm model for human activity recognition . our model jointly learns to classify actions and highlight frames associated with the action , by attending to salient visual information through a jointly learned soft - attention networks . we explore attention informed by various forms of vis ←
→ show and recall : learning what makes videos memorable ; with the explosion of video content on the internet , there is a need for research on methods for video analysis which take human cognition into account . one such cognitive measure is memorability , or the ability to recall visual content after watching it . prior research has looked into image memorability and shown that it is intrinsic to visual content , but the problem of modeling video memorability has not been addressed sufficiently . in this work , we ←
→ detecting and extracting events from text documents ; events of various kinds are mentioned and discussed in text documents , whether they are books , news articles , blogs or microblog feeds . the paper starts by giving an overview of how events are treated in linguistics and philosophy . we follow this discussion by surveying how events and associated information are handled in computationally . in particular , we look at how textual documents can be mined to extract events and ancillary information . these days ,←
→ fast and high quality highlight removal from a single image ; specular reflection exists widely in photography and causes the recorded color deviating from its true value , so fast and high quality highlight removal from a single nature image is of great importance . in spite of the progress in the past decades in highlight removal , achieving wide applicability to the large diversity of nature scenes is quite challenging . to handle this problem , we propose an analytic solution to highlight removal based on an ←
→ 3d surface reconstruction of underwater objects ; in this paper , we propose a novel technique to reconstruct 3d surface of an underwater object using stereo images . reconstructing the 3d surface of an underwater object is really a challenging task due to degraded quality of underwater images . there are various reason of quality degradation of underwater images i . e ., non - uniform illumination of light on the surface of objects , scattering and absorption effects . floating particles present in underwater produc ←
→ extreme dimension reduction for handling covariate shift ; in the covariate shift learning scenario , the training and test covariate distributions differ , so that a predictor ' s average loss over the training and test distributions also differ . in this work , we explore the potential of extreme dimension reduction , i . e . to very low dimensions , in improving the performance of importance weighting methods for handling covariate shift , which fail in high dimensions due to potentially high train / test covariate di ←
→ spectral filter tracking ; visual object tracking is a challenging computer vision task with numerous real - world applications . here we propose a simple but efficient spectral filter tracking ( sft ) method . to characterize rotational and translation invariance of tracking targets , the candidate image region is models as a pixelwise grid graph . instead of the conventional graph matching , we convert the tracking into a plain least square regression problem to estimate the best center coordinate of the target . bu ←
→ open problem : tightness of maximum likelihood semidefinite relaxations ; we have observed an interesting , yet unexplained , phenomenon : semidefinite programming ( sdp ) based relaxations of maximum likelihood estimators ( mle ) tend to be tight in recovery problems with noisy data , even when mle cannot exactly recover the ground truth . several results establish tightness of sdp based relaxations in the regime where exact recovery from mle is possible . however , to the best of our knowledge , their tightness is not ←
→ natural language generation in dialogue using lexicalized and delexicalized data ; natural language generation plays a critical role in spoken dialogue systems . we present a new approach to natural language generation for task - oriented dialogue using recurrent neural networks in an encoder - decoder framework . in contrast to previous work , our model uses both lexicalized and delexicalized components i . e . slot - value pairs for dialogue acts , with slots and corresponding values aligned together . this allows ou ←
→ multidiscipinary optimization for gas turbines design ; state - of - the - art aeronautic low pressure gas turbines ( lpts ) are already characterized by high quality standards , thus they offer very narrow margins of improvement . typical design process starts with a concept design ( cd ) phase , defined using mean - line 1d and other low - order tools , and evolves through a preliminary design ( pd ) phase , which allows the geometric definition in details . in this framework , multidisciplinary optimization is the only way to ←
→ learning a single convolutional super - resolution network for multiple degradations ; recent years have witnessed the unprecedented success of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) in single image super - resolution ( sisr ). however , existing cnn - based sisr methods mostly assume that a low - resolution ( lr ) image is bicubicly downsampled from a high - resolution ( hr ) image , thus inevitably giving rise to poor performance when the true degradation does not follow this assumption . moreover , they lack scalabilit ←
→ a new distance measure for non - identical data with application to image classification ; distance measures are part and parcel of many computer vision algorithms . the underlying assumption in all existing distance measures is that feature elements are independent and identically distributed . however , in real - world settings , data generally originate from heterogeneous sources even if they do possess a common data - generating mechanism . since these sources are not identically distributed by necessity , the as ←
→ vscan : an enhanced video summarization using density - based spatial clustering ; in this paper , we present vscan , a novel approach for generating static video summaries . this approach is based on a modified dbscan clustering algorithm to summarize the video content utilizing both color and texture features of the video frames . the paper also introduces an enhanced evaluation method that depends on color and texture features . video summaries generated by vscan are compared with summaries generated by other ←
→ truncated variance reduction : a unified approach to bayesian optimization and level - set estimation ; we present a new algorithm , truncated variance reduction ( truvar ), that treats bayesian optimization ( bo ) and level - set estimation ( lse ) with gaussian processes in a unified fashion . the algorithm greedily shrinks a sum of truncated variances within a set of potential maximizers ( bo ) or unclassified points ( lse ), which is updated based on confidence bounds . truvar is effective in several important settings ←
→ localizing actions from video labels and pseudo - annotations ; the goal of this paper is to determine the spatio - temporal location of actions in video . where training from hard to obtain box annotations is the norm , we propose an intuitive and effective algorithm that localizes actions from their class label only . we are inspired by recent work showing that unsupervised action proposals selected with human point - supervision perform as well as using expensive box annotations . rather than asking users to provi ←
→ deep ranking model by large adaptive margin learning for person re - identification ; person re - identification aims to match images of the same person across disjoint camera views , which is a challenging problem in video surveillance . the major challenge of this task lies in how to preserve the similarity of the same person against large variations caused by complex backgrounds , mutual occlusions and different illuminations , while discriminating the different individuals . in this paper , we present a novel d ←
→ how to read many - objective solution sets in parallel coordinates ; rapid development of evolutionary algorithms in handling many - objective optimization problems requires viable methods of visualizing a high - dimensional solution set . parallel coordinates which scale well to high - dimensional data are such a method , and have been frequently used in evolutionary many - objective optimization . however , the parallel coordinates plot is not as straightforward as the classic scatter plot to present the information co ←
→ the 2017 hands in the million challenge on 3d hand pose estimation ; we present the 2017 hands in the million challenge , a public competition designed for the evaluation of the task of 3d hand pose estimation . the goal of this challenge is to assess how far is the state of the art in terms of solving the problem of 3d hand pose estimation as well as detect major failure and strength modes of both systems and evaluation metrics that can help to identify future research directions . the challenge follows up th ←
→ performance analysis on evolutionary algorithms for the minimum label spanning tree problem ; some experimental investigations have shown that evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) are efficient for the minimum label spanning tree ( mlst ) problem . however , we know little about that in theory . as one step towards this issue , we theoretically analyze the performances of the ( 1 + 1 ) ea , a simple version of eas , and a multi - objective evolutionary algorithm called gsemo on the mlst problem . we reveal that for the mlst $ _ {←
→ global weisfeiler - lehman graph kernels ; most state - of - the - art graph kernels only take local graph properties into account , i . e ., the kernel is computed with regard to properties of the neighborhood of vertices or other small substructures . on the other hand , kernels that do take global graph propertiesinto account may not scale well to large graph databases . here we propose to start exploring the space between local and global graph kernels , striking the balance between both worlds . specifically , we introd ←
→ a low - complexity algorithm for static background estimation from cluttered image sequences in surveillance contexts ; for the purposes of foreground estimation , the true background model is unavailable in many practical circumstances and needs to be estimated from cluttered image sequences . we propose a sequential technique for static background estimation in such conditions , with low computational and memory requirements . image sequences are analysed on a block - by - block basis . for each block location a r ←
→ a causal and - or graph model for visibility fluent reasoning in human - object interactions ; tracking humans that are interacting with the other subjects or environment remains unsolved in visual tracking , because the visibility of the human of interests in videos is unknown and might vary over times . in particular , it is still difficult for state - of - the - art human trackers to recover complete human trajectories in crowded scenes with frequent human interactions . in this work , we consider the visibility stat ←
→ learning modality - invariant representations for speech and images ; in this paper , we explore the unsupervised learning of a semantic embedding space for co - occurring sensory inputs . specifically , we focus on the task of learning a semantic vector space for both spoken and handwritten digits using the tidigits and mnist datasets . current techniques encode image and audio / textual inputs directly to semantic embeddings . in contrast , our technique maps an input to the mean and log variance vectors of a diagona ←
→ sequential preference - based optimization ; many real - world engineering problems rely on human preferences to guide their design and optimization . we present prefopt , an open source package to simplify sequential optimization tasks that incorporate human preference feedback . our approach extends an existing latent variable model for binary preferences to allow for observations of equivalent preference from users .←
→ on - line relational som for dissimilarity data ; in some applications and in order to address real world situations better , data may be more complex than simple vectors . in some examples , they can be known through their pairwise dissimilarities only . several variants of the self organizing map algorithm were introduced to generalize the original algorithm to this framework . whereas median som is based on a rough representation of the prototypes , relational som allows representing these prototypes by a virtua ←
→ learning structured inference neural networks with label relations ; images of scenes have various objects as well as abundant attributes , and diverse levels of visual categorization are possible . a natural image could be assigned with fine - grained labels that describe major components , coarse - grained labels that depict high level abstraction or a set of labels that reveal attributes . such categorization at different concept layers can be modeled with label graphs encoding label information . in this paper , ←
→ regularizing deep networks using efficient layerwise adversarial training ; adversarial training has been shown to regularize deep neural networks in addition to increasing their robustness to adversarial examples . however , its impact on very deep state of the art networks has not been fully investigated . in this paper , we present an efficient approach to perform adversarial training by perturbing intermediate layer activations and study the use of such perturbations as a regularizer during training . we u ←
→ on the convergence of bound optimization algorithms ; many practitioners who use the em algorithm complain that it is sometimes slow . when does this happen , and what can be done about it ? in this paper , we study the general class of bound optimization algorithms - including expectation - maximization , iterative scaling and cccp - and their relationship to direct optimization algorithms such as gradient - based methods for parameter learning . we derive a general relationship between the updates performed by boun ←
→ polyp detection and segmentation from video capsule endoscopy : a review ; video capsule endoscopy ( vce ) is used widely nowadays for visualizing the gastrointestinal ( gi ) tract . capsule endoscopy exams are prescribed usually as an additional monitoring mechanism and can help in identifying polyps , bleeding , etc . to analyze the large scale video data produced by vce exams automatic image processing , computer vision , and learning algorithms are required . recently , automatic polyp detection algorithms have been ←
→ a real - time analysis of rock fragmentation using uav technology ; accurate measurement of blast - induced rock fragmentation is of great importance for many mining operations . the post - blast rock size distribution can significantly influence the efficiency of all the downstream mining and comminution processes . image analysis methods are one of the most common methods used to measure rock fragment size distribution in mines regardless of criticism for lack of accuracy to measure fine particles and other perce ←
→ automated phrase mining from massive text corpora ; as one of the fundamental tasks in text analysis , phrase mining aims at extracting quality phrases from a text corpus . phrase mining is important in various tasks such as information extraction / retrieval , taxonomy construction , and topic modeling . most existing methods rely on complex , trained linguistic analyzers , and thus likely have unsatisfactory performance on text corpora of new domains and genres without extra but expensive adaption . recently , a few ←
→ quantum structure of negation and conjunction in human thought ; we analyse in this paper the data collected in a set of experiments performed on human subjects on the combination of natural concepts . we investigate the mutual influence of conceptual conjunction and negation by measuring the membership weights of a list of exemplars with respect to two concepts , e . g ., ' fruits ' and ' vegetables ', and their conjunction ' fruits and vegetables ', but also their conjunction when one or both concepts are negated , n ←
→ pac learnability under non - atomic measures : a problem by vidyasagar ; in response to a 1997 problem of m . vidyasagar , we state a criterion for pac learnability of a concept class $\ mathscr c $ under the family of all non - atomic ( diffuse ) measures on the domain $\ omega $. the uniform glivenko -- cantelli property with respect to non - atomic measures is no longer a necessary condition , and consistent learnability cannot in general be expected . our criterion is stated in terms of a combinatorial parameter $\ vc ({\ ma ←
→ computationally efficient target classification in multispectral image data with deep neural networks ; detecting and classifying targets in video streams from surveillance cameras is a cumbersome , error - prone and expensive task . often , the incurred costs are prohibitive for real - time monitoring . this leads to data being stored locally or transmitted to a central storage site for post - incident examination . the required communication links and archiving of the video data are still expensive and this setup ←
→ semantic decomposition and recognition of long and complex manipulation action sequences ; understanding continuous human actions is a non - trivial but important problem in computer vision . although there exists a large corpus of work in the recognition of action sequences , most approaches suffer from problems relating to vast variations in motions , action combinations , and scene contexts . in this paper , we introduce a novel method for semantic segmentation and recognition of long and complex manipulation ←
→ an efficient admm algorithm for structural break detection in multivariate time series ; we present an efficient alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) algorithm for segmenting a multivariate non - stationary time series with structural breaks into stationary regions . we draw from recent work where the series is assumed to follow a vector autoregressive model within segments and a convex estimation procedure may be formulated using group fused lasso penalties . our admm approach first splits the ←
→ deep multimodal representation learning from temporal data ; in recent years , deep learning has been successfully applied to multimodal learning problems , with the aim of learning useful joint representations in data fusion applications . when the available modalities consist of time series data such as video , audio and sensor signals , it becomes imperative to consider their temporal structure during the fusion process . in this paper , we propose the correlational recurrent neural network ( corrrnn ), a novel t ←
→ a robust variational model for positive image deconvolution ; in this paper , an iterative method for robust deconvolution with positivity constraints is discussed . it is based on the known variational interpretation of the richardson - lucy iterative deconvolution as fixed - point iteration for the minimisation of an information divergence functional under a multiplicative perturbation model . the asymmetric penaliser function involved in this functional is then modified into a robust penaliser , and complemented ←
→ an efficient distributed learning algorithm based on effective local functional approximations ; scalable machine learning over big data is an important problem that is receiving a lot of attention in recent years . on popular distributed environments such as hadoop running on a cluster of commodity machines , communication costs are substantial and algorithms need to be designed suitably considering those costs . in this paper we give a novel approach to the distributed training of linear classifiers ( invol ←
→ restricting greed in training of generative adversarial network ; generative adversarial network ( gan ) has gotten wide re - search interest in the field of deep learning . variations of gan have achieved competitive results on specific tasks . however , the stability of training and diversity of generated instances are still worth studying further . training of gan can be thought of as a greedy procedure , in which the generative net tries to make the locally optimal choice ( minimizing loss function of discriminat ←
→ cue phrase classification using machine learning ; cue phrases may be used in a discourse sense to explicitly signal discourse structure , but also in a sentential sense to convey semantic rather than structural information . correctly classifying cue phrases as discourse or sentential is critical in natural language processing systems that exploit discourse structure , e . g ., for performing tasks such as anaphora resolution and plan recognition . this paper explores the use of machine learning for classifying c ←
→ self - supervised vision - based detection of the active speaker as a prerequisite for socially - aware language acquisition ; this paper presents a self - supervised method for detecting the active speaker in a multi - person spoken interaction scenario . we argue that this capability is a fundamental prerequisite for any artificial cognitive system attempting to acquire language in social settings . our methods are able to detect an arbitrary number of possibly overlapping active speakers based exclusively on visua ←
→ distributed adaptive networks : a graphical evolutionary game - theoretic view ; distributed adaptive filtering has been considered as an effective approach for data processing and estimation over distributed networks . most existing distributed adaptive filtering algorithms focus on designing different information diffusion rules , regardless of the nature evolutionary characteristic of a distributed network . in this paper , we study the adaptive network from the game theoretic perspective and formulate the di ←
→ latent bayesian melding for integrating individual and population models ; in many statistical problems , a more coarse - grained model may be suitable for population - level behaviour , whereas a more detailed model is appropriate for accurate modelling of individual behaviour . this raises the question of how to integrate both types of models . methods such as posterior regularization follow the idea of generalized moment matching , in that they allow matching expectations between two models , but sometimes both mo ←
→ using thought - provoking children ' s questions to drive artificial intelligence research ; we propose to use thought - provoking children ' s questions ( tpcqs ), namely highlights brainplay questions , as a new method to drive artificial intelligence research and to evaluate the capabilities of general - purpose ai systems . these questions are designed to stimulate thought and learning in children , and they can be used to do the same thing in ai systems , while demonstrating the system ' s reasoning capabilities to th ←
→ many languages , one parser ; we train one multilingual model for dependency parsing and use it to parse sentences in several languages . the parsing model uses ( i ) multilingual word clusters and embeddings ; ( ii ) token - level language information ; and ( iii ) language - specific features ( fine - grained pos tags ). this input representation enables the parser not only to parse effectively in multiple languages , but also to generalize across languages based on linguistic universals and typological similarities , making ←
→ propositional satisfiability in answer - set programming ; we show that propositional logic and its extensions can support answer - set programming in the same way stable logic programming and disjunctive logic programming do . to this end , we introduce a logic based on the logic of propositional schemata and on a version of the closed world assumption . we call it the extended logic of propositional schemata with cwa ( ps +, in symbols ). an important feature of this logic is that it supports explicit modeling of c ←
→ semantic segmentation refinement by monte carlo region growing of high confidence detections ; despite recent improvements using fully convolutional networks , in general , the segmentation produced by most state - of - the - art semantic segmentation methods does not show satisfactory adherence to the object boundaries . we propose a method to refine the segmentation results generated by such deep learning models . our method takes as input the confidence scores generated by a pixel - dense segmentation network and ←
→$\ ell_1 $ regularized gradient temporal - difference learning ; in this paper , we study the temporal difference ( td ) learning with linear value function approximation . it is well known that most td learning algorithms are unstable with linear function approximation and off - policy learning . recent development of gradient td ( gtd ) algorithms has addressed this problem successfully . however , the success of gtd algorithms requires a set of well chosen features , which are not always available . when the number of fe ←
→ robust nonparametric regression via sparsity control with application to load curve data cleansing ; nonparametric methods are widely applicable to statistical inference problems , since they rely on a few modeling assumptions . in this context , the fresh look advocated here permeates benefits from variable selection and compressive sampling , to robustify nonparametric regression against outliers - that is , data markedly deviating from the postulated models . a variational counterpart to least - trimmed square ←
→ fast l1 - nmf for multiple parametric model estimation ; in this work we introduce a comprehensive algorithmic pipeline for multiple parametric model estimation . the proposed approach analyzes the information produced by a random sampling algorithm ( e . g ., ransac ) from a machine learning / optimization perspective , using a \ textit { parameterless } biclustering algorithm based on l1 nonnegative matrix factorization ( l1 - nmf ). the proposed framework exploits consistent patterns that naturally arise during the ransac ←
→ performance evaluation of statistical approaches for text independent speaker recognition using source feature ; this paper introduces the performance evaluation of statistical approaches for textindependent speaker recognition system using source feature . linear prediction lp residual is used as a representation of excitation information in speech . the speaker - specific information in the excitation of voiced speech is captured using statistical approaches such as gaussian mixture models gmms and hidden m ←
→ capsule network performance on complex data ; in recent years , convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have played an important role in the field of deep learning . variants of cnn ' s have proven to be very successful in classification tasks across different domains . however , there are two big drawbacks to cnn ' s : their failure to take into account of important spatial hierarchies between features , and their lack of rotational invariance . as long as certain key features of an object are present in the test data , c ←
→ an efficient genetic algorithm for large - scale planning of robust industrial wireless networks ; an industrial indoor environment is harsh for wireless communications compared to an office environment , because the prevalent metal easily causes shadowing effects and affects the availability of an industrial wireless local area network ( iwlan ). on the one hand , it is costly , time - consuming , and ineffective to perform trial - and - error manual deployment of wireless nodes . on the other hand , the existing wirele ←
→ a latent space analysis of editor lifecycles in wikipedia ; collaborations such as wikipedia are a key part of the value of the modern internet . at the same time there is concern that these collaborations are threatened by high levels of member turnover . in this paper we borrow ideas from topic analysis to editor activity on wikipedia over time into a latent space that offers an insight into the evolving patterns of editor behavior . this latent space representation reveals a number of different categories o ←
→ comparative study and enhancement of camera tampering detection algorithms ; recently the use of video surveillance systems is widely increasing . different places are equipped by camera surveillances such as hospitals , schools , airports , museums and military places in order to ensure the safety and security of the persons and their property . therefore it becomes significant to guarantee the proper working of these systems . intelligent video surveillance systems equipped by sophisticated digital camera can ←
→ from propositional logic to plausible reasoning : a uniqueness theorem ; we consider the question of extending propositional logic to a logic of plausible reasoning , and posit four requirements that any such extension should satisfy . each is a requirement that some property of classical propositional logic be preserved in the extended logic ; as such , the requirements are simpler and less problematic than those used in cox ' s theorem and its variants . as with cox ' s theorem , our requirements imply that the exte ←
→ semiparametric contextual bandits ; this paper studies semiparametric contextual bandits , a generalization of the linear stochastic bandit problem where the reward for an action is modeled as a linear function of known action features confounded by an non - linear action - independent term . we design new algorithms that achieve $\ tilde { o }( d \ sqrt { t })$ regret over $ t $ rounds , when the linear function is $ d $- dimensional , which matches the best known bounds for the simpler unconfounded case and improves on a recent ←
→ solving marginal map problems with np oracles and parity constraints ; arising from many applications at the intersection of decision making and machine learning , marginal maximum a posteriori ( marginal map ) problems unify the two main classes of inference , namely maximization ( optimization ) and marginal inference ( counting ), and are believed to have higher complexity than both of them . we propose xor_mmap , a novel approach to solve the marginal map problem , which represents the intractable counting subprob ←
→ beyond the one step greedy approach in reinforcement learning ; the famous policy iteration algorithm alternates between policy improvement and policy evaluation . implementations of this algorithm with several variants of the latter evaluation stage , e . g , $ n $- step and trace - based returns , have been analyzed in previous works . however , the case of multiple - step lookahead policy improvement , despite the recent increase in empirical evidence of its strength , has to our knowledge not been carefully analyzed yet ←
→ finding better active learners for faster literature reviews ; literature reviews can be time - consuming and tedious to complete . by cataloging and refactoring three state - of - the - art active learning techniques from evidence - based medicine and legal electronic discovery , this paper finds and implements fastread , a faster technique for studying a large corpus of documents . this paper assesses fastread using datasets generated from existing se literature reviews ( hall , wahono , radjenovi \' c , kitchenham et al .). ←
→ discovery of factors in matrices with grades ; we present an approach to decomposition and factor analysis of matrices with ordinal data . the matrix entries are grades to which objects represented by rows satisfy attributes represented by columns , e . g . grades to which an image is red , a product has a given feature , or a person performs well in a test . we assume that the grades form a bounded scale equipped with certain aggregation operators and conforms to the structure of a complete residuated lattice . we ←
→ topology and geometry of half - rectified network optimization ; the loss surface of deep neural networks has recently attracted interest in the optimization and machine learning communities as a prime example of high - dimensional non - convex problem . some insights were recently gained using spin glass models and mean - field approximations , but at the expense of strongly simplifying the nonlinear nature of the model . in this work , we do not make any such assumption and study conditions on the data distribution ←
→ multiplicative drift analysis ; in this work , we introduce multiplicative drift analysis as a suitable way to analyze the runtime of randomized search heuristics such as evolutionary algorithms . we give a multiplicative version of the classical drift theorem . this allows easier analyses in those settings where the optimization progress is roughly proportional to the current distance to the optimum . to display the strength of this tool , we regard the classical problem how the ( 1 + 1 ) evolutionary algorithm ←
→ integral policy iterations for reinforcement learning problems in continuous time and space ; policy iteration ( pi ) is a recursive process of policy evaluation and improvement to solve an optimal decision - making , e . g ., reinforcement learning ( rl ) or optimal control problem and has served as the fundamental to develop rl methods . motivated by integral pi ( ipi ) schemes in optimal control and rl methods in continuous time and space ( cts ), this paper proposes on - policy ipi to solve the general rl problem in c ←
→ functional learning through kernels ; this paper reviews the functional aspects of statistical learning theory . the main point under consideration is the nature of the hypothesis set when no prior information is available but data . within this framework we first discuss about the hypothesis set : it is a vectorial space , it is a set of pointwise defined functions , and the evaluation functional on this set is a continuous mapping . based on these principles an original theory is developed generalizing the noti ←
→ emojinet : an open service and api for emoji sense discovery ; this paper presents the release of emojinet , the largest machine - readable emoji sense inventory that links unicode emoji representations to their english meanings extracted from the web . emojinet is a dataset consisting of : ( i ) 12 , 904 sense labels over 2 , 389 emoji , which were extracted from the web and linked to machine - readable sense definitions seen in babelnet , ( ii ) context words associated with each emoji sense , which are inferred through wor ←
→ bringing semantic structures to user intent detection in online medical queries ; the internet has revolutionized healthcare by offering medical information ubiquitously to patients via web search . the healthcare status , complex medical information needs of patients are expressed diversely and implicitly in their medical text queries . aiming to better capture a focused picture of user ' s medical - related information search and shed insights on their healthcare information access strategies , it is challengin ←
→ extended two - dimensional pca for efficient face representation and recognition ; in this paper a novel method called extended two - dimensional pca ( e2dpca ) is proposed which is an extension to the original 2dpca . we state that the covariance matrix of 2dpca is equivalent to the average of the main diagonal of the covariance matrix of pca . this implies that 2dpca eliminates some covariance information that can be useful for recognition . e2dpca instead of just using the main diagonal considers a radius of r ←
→ structboost : boosting methods for predicting structured output variables ; boosting is a method for learning a single accurate predictor by linearly combining a set of less accurate weak learners . recently , structured learning has found many applications in computer vision . inspired by structured support vector machines ( ssvm ), here we propose a new boosting algorithm for structured output prediction , which we refer to as structboost . structboost supports nonlinear structured learning by combining a set of ←
→ self - optimizing and pareto - optimal policies in general environments based on bayes - mixtures ; the problem of making sequential decisions in unknown probabilistic environments is studied . in cycle $ t $ action $ y_t $ results in perception $ x_t $ and reward $ r_t $, where all quantities in general may depend on the complete history . the perception $ x_t $ and reward $ r_t $ are sampled from the ( reactive ) environmental probability distribution $\ mu $. this very general setting includes , but is not limited to , ( partial ←
→ viplfacenet : an open source deep face recognition sdk ; robust face representation is imperative to highly accurate face recognition . in this work , we propose an open source face recognition method with deep representation named as viplfacenet , which is a 10 - layer deep convolutional neural network with 7 convolutional layers and 3 fully - connected layers . compared with the well - known alexnet , our viplfacenet takes only 20 % training time and 60 % testing time , but achieves 40 \% drop in error rate on the real - w ←
→ an efficient implementation for walksat ; stochastic local search ( sls ) algorithms have exhibited great effectiveness in finding models of random instances of the boolean satisfiability problem ( sat ). as one of the most widely known and used sls algorithm , walksat plays a key role in the evolutions of sls for sat , and also hold state - of - the - art performance on random instances . this work proposes a novel implementation for walksat which decreases the redundant calculations leading to a dramatically speeding ←
→ ms marco : a human generated machine reading comprehension dataset ; this paper presents our recent work on the design and development of a new , large scale dataset , which we name ms marco , for machine reading comprehension . this new dataset is aimed to overcome a number of well - known weaknesses of previous publicly available datasets for the same task of reading comprehension and question answering . in ms marco , all questions are sampled from real anonymized user queries . the context passages , from which ans ←
→ a robust and adaptable method for face detection based on color probabilistic estimation technique ; human face perception is currently an active research area in the computer vision community . skin detection is one of the most important and primary stages for this purpose . so far , many approaches are proposed to done this case . near all of these methods have tried to find best match intensity distribution with skin pixels based on popular color spaces such as rgb , hsi or ycbcr . results show that these me ←
→ convex optimization for binary classifier aggregation in multiclass problems ; multiclass problems are often decomposed into multiple binary problems that are solved by individual binary classifiers whose results are integrated into a final answer . various methods , including all - pairs ( aps ), one - versus - all ( ova ), and error correcting output code ( ecoc ), have been studied , to decompose multiclass problems into binary problems . however , little study has been made to optimally aggregate binary problems to de ←
→ prediction with expert advice under discounted loss ; we study prediction with expert advice in the setting where the losses are accumulated with some discounting --- the impact of old losses may gradually vanish . we generalize the aggregating algorithm and the aggregating algorithm for regression to this case , propose a suitable new variant of exponential weights algorithm , and prove respective loss bounds .←
→ self - supervised learning of visual features through embedding images into text topic spaces ; end - to - end training from scratch of current deep architectures for new computer vision problems would require imagenet - scale datasets , and this is not always possible . in this paper we present a method that is able to take advantage of freely available multi - modal content to train computer vision algorithms without human supervision . we put forward the idea of performing self - supervised learning of visual feature ←
→ the max $ k $- armed bandit : a pac lower bound and tighter algorithms ; we consider the max $ k $- armed bandit problem , where a learning agent is faced with several sources ( arms ) of items ( rewards ), and interested in finding the best item overall . at each time step the agent chooses an arm , and obtains a random real valued reward . the rewards of each arm are assumed to be i . i . d ., with an unknown probability distribution that generally differs among the arms . under the pac framework , we provide lower bounds on t ←
→ visualizing random forest with self - organising map ; random forest ( rf ) is a powerful ensemble method for classification and regression tasks . it consists of decision trees set . although , a single tree is well interpretable for human , the ensemble of trees is a black - box model . the popular technique to look inside the rf model is to visualize a rf proximity matrix obtained on data samples with multidimensional scaling ( mds ) method . herein , we present a novel method based on self - organising maps ( som ) for re ←
→ non - monotonic negation in probabilistic deductive databases ; in this paper we study the uses and the semantics of non - monotonic negation in probabilistic deductive data bases . based on the stable semantics for classical logic programming , we introduce the notion of stable formula , functions . we show that stable formula , functions are minimal fixpoints of operators associated with probabilistic deductive databases with negation . furthermore , since a . probabilistic deductive database may not necessarily have ←
→ preselection via classification : a case study on evolutionary multiobjective optimization ; in evolutionary algorithms , a preselection operator aims to select the promising offspring solutions from a candidate offspring set . it is usually based on the estimated or real objective values of the candidate offspring solutions . in a sense , the preselection can be treated as a classification procedure , which classifies the candidate offspring solutions into promising ones and unpromising ones . following this id ←
→ neural component analysis for fault detection ; principal component analysis ( pca ) is largely adopted for chemical process monitoring and numerous pca - based systems have been developed to solve various fault detection and diagnosis problems . since pca - based methods assume that the monitored process is linear , nonlinear pca models , such as autoencoder models and kernel principal component analysis ( kpca ), has been proposed and applied to nonlinear process monitoring . however , kpca - based methods need to perfo ←
→ optimizing over radial kernels on compact manifolds ; we tackle the problem of optimizing over all possible positive definite radial kernels on riemannian manifolds for classification . kernel methods on riemannian manifolds have recently become increasingly popular in computer vision . however , the number of known positive definite kernels on manifolds remain very limited . furthermore , most kernels typically depend on at least one parameter that needs to be tuned for the problem at hand . a poor choice of ker ←
→ conferences with internet web - casting as binding events in a global brain : example data from complexity digest ; there is likeness of the internet to human brains which has led to the metaphor of the world - wide computer network as a ` global brain '. we consider conferences as ' binding events ' in the global brain that can lead to metacognitive structures on a global scale . one of the critical factors for that phenomenon to happen ( similar to the biological brain ) are the time - scales characteristic for the i ←
→ caesar : context awareness enabled summary - attentive reader ; comprehending meaning from natural language is a primary objective of natural language processing ( nlp ), and text comprehension is the cornerstone for achieving this objective upon which all other problems like chat bots , language translation and others can be achieved . we report a summary - attentive reader we designed to better emulate the human reading process , along with a dictiontary - based solution regarding out - of - vocabulary ( oov ) words in the ←
→ macau : scalable bayesian multi - relational factorization with side information using mcmc ; we propose macau , a powerful and flexible bayesian factorization method for heterogeneous data . our model can factorize any set of entities and relations that can be represented by a relational model , including tensors and also multiple relations for each entity . macau can also incorporate side information , specifically entity and relation features , which are crucial for predicting sparsely observed relations . macau ←
→ the one hundred layers tiramisu : fully convolutional densenets for semantic segmentation ; state - of - the - art approaches for semantic image segmentation are built on convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). the typical segmentation architecture is composed of ( a ) a downsampling path responsible for extracting coarse semantic features , followed by ( b ) an upsampling path trained to recover the input image resolution at the output of the model and , optionally , ( c ) a post - processing module ( e . g . conditional random ←
→ wav2letter : an end - to - end convnet - based speech recognition system ; this paper presents a simple end - to - end model for speech recognition , combining a convolutional network based acoustic model and a graph decoding . it is trained to output letters , with transcribed speech , without the need for force alignment of phonemes . we introduce an automatic segmentation criterion for training from sequence annotation without alignment that is on par with ctc while being simpler . we show competitive results in word err ←
→ safe exploration in markov decision processes ; in environments with uncertain dynamics exploration is necessary to learn how to perform well . existing reinforcement learning algorithms provide strong exploration guarantees , but they tend to rely on an ergodicity assumption . the essence of ergodicity is that any state is eventually reachable from any other state by following a suitable policy . this assumption allows for exploration algorithms that operate by simply favoring states that have rarely been visi ←
→ redqueen : an online algorithm for smart broadcasting in social networks ; users in social networks whose posts stay at the top of their followers '{} feeds the longest time are more likely to be noticed . can we design an online algorithm to help them decide when to post to stay at the top ? in this paper , we address this question as a novel optimal control problem for jump stochastic differential equations . for a wide variety of feed dynamics , we show that the optimal broadcasting intensity for any user is su ←
→ representing knowledge about norms ; norms are essential to extend inference : inferences based on norms are far richer than those based on logical implications . in the recent decades , much effort has been devoted to reason on a domain , once its norms are represented . how to extract and express those norms has received far less attention . extraction is difficult : as the readers are supposed to know them , the norms of a domain are seldom made explicit . for one thing , extracting norms requires a language to re ←
→ latent composite likelihood learning for the structured canonical correlation model ; latent variable models are used to estimate variables of interest quantities which are observable only up to some measurement error . in many studies , such variables are known but not precisely quantifiable ( such as " job satisfaction " in social sciences and marketing , " analytical ability " in educational testing , or " inflation " in economics ). this leads to the development of measurement instruments to record noisy indirect ←
→ quantum neural machine learning - backpropagation and dynamics ; the current work addresses quantum machine learning in the context of quantum artificial neural networks such that the networks ' processing is divided in two stages : the learning stage , where the network converges to a specific quantum circuit , and the backpropagation stage where the network effectively works as a self - programing quantum computing system that selects the quantum circuits to solve computing problems . the results are extended to ←
→ on the consistency of quick shift ; quick shift is a popular mode - seeking and clustering algorithm . we present finite sample statistical consistency guarantees for quick shift on mode and cluster recovery under mild distributional assumptions . we then apply our results to construct a consistent modal regression algorithm .←
→ enhanced facial recognition framework based on skin tone and false alarm rejection ; face detection is one of the challenging tasks in computer vision . human face detection plays an essential role in the first stage of face processing applications such as face recognition , face tracking , image database management , etc . in these applications , face objects often come from an inconsequential part of images that contain variations , namely different illumination , poses , and occlusion . these variations can decr ←
→ choicerank : identifying preferences from node traffic in networks ; understanding how users navigate in a network is of high interest in many applications . we consider a setting where only aggregate node - level traffic is observed and tackle the task of learning edge transition probabilities . we cast it as a preference learning problem , and we study a model where choices follow luce ' s axiom . in this case , the $ o ( n )$ marginal counts of node visits are a sufficient statistic for the $ o ( n ^ 2 )$ transition probabi ←
→ combined l_1 and greedy l_0 penalized least squares for linear model selection ; we introduce a computationally effective algorithm for a linear model selection consisting of three steps : screening -- ordering -- selection ( sos ). screening of predictors is based on the thresholded lasso that is l_1 penalized least squares . the screened predictors are then fitted using least squares ( ls ) and ordered with respect to their t statistics . finally , a model is selected using greedy generalized information criterion ←
→ convex denoising using non - convex tight frame regularization ; this paper considers the problem of signal denoising using a sparse tight - frame analysis prior . the l1 norm has been extensively used as a regularizer to promote sparsity ; however , it tends to under - estimate non - zero values of the underlying signal . to more accurately estimate non - zero values , we propose the use of a non - convex regularizer , chosen so as to ensure convexity of the objective function . the convexity of the objective function is ens ←
→ repeated games with vector losses : a set - valued dynamic programming approach ; we consider infinitely repeated games with vector losses discounted over time . we characterize the set of minimal upper bounds on expected losses that a player can simultaneously guarantee across the different dimensions . specifically , we show that this set is the fixed point of a set - valued dynamic programming operator . this approach also characterizes the strategies that achieve these bounds . these optimal strategies are show ←
→ enhanced mixtures of part model for human pose estimation ; mixture of parts model has been successfully applied to 2d human pose estimation problem either as explicitly trained body part model or as latent variables for the whole human body model . mixture of parts model usually utilize tree structure for representing relations between body parts . tree structures facilitate training and referencing of the model but could not deal with double counting problems , which hinder its applications in 3d pose estima ←
→ proposing plausible answers for open - ended visual question answering ; answering open - ended questions is an essential capability for any intelligent agent . one of the most interesting recent open - ended question answering challenges is visual question answering ( vqa ) which attempts to evaluate a system ' s visual understanding through its answers to natural language questions about images . there exist many approaches to vqa , the majority of which do not exhibit deeper semantic understanding of the candidate an ←
→ kernel spectral clustering and applications ; in this chapter we review the main literature related to kernel spectral clustering ( ksc ), an approach to clustering cast within a kernel - based optimization setting . ksc represents a least - squares support vector machine based formulation of spectral clustering described by a weighted kernel pca objective . just as in the classifier case , the binary clustering model is expressed by a hyperplane in a high dimensional space induced by a kernel . in addition , the mult ←
→ generalized biwords for bitext compression and translation spotting ; large bilingual parallel texts ( also known as bitexts ) are usually stored in a compressed form , and previous work has shown that they can be more efficiently compressed if the fact that the two texts are mutual translations is exploited . for example , a bitext can be seen as a sequence of biwords --- pairs of parallel words with a high probability of co - occurrence --- that can be used as an intermediate representation in the compression proc ←
→ panfis ++: a generalized approach to evolving learning ; the concept of evolving intelligent system ( eis ) provides an effective avenue for data stream mining because it is capable of coping with two prominent issues : online learning and rapidly changing environments . we note at least three uncharted territories of existing eiss : data uncertainty , temporal system dynamic , redundant data streams . this book chapter aims at delivering a concrete solution of this problem with the algorithmic development of a nove ←
→ faster ica under orthogonal constraint ; independent component analysis ( ica ) is a technique for unsupervised exploration of multi - channel data widely used in observational sciences . in its classical form , ica relies on modeling the data as a linear mixture of non - gaussian independent sources . the problem can be seen as a likelihood maximization problem . we introduce picard - o , a preconditioned l - bfgs strategy over the set of orthogonal matrices , which can quickly separate both super - and sub - gaussian signal ←
→ a powerful generative model using random weights for the deep image representation ; to what extent is the success of deep visualization due to the training ? could we do deep visualization using untrained , random weight networks ? to address this issue , we explore new and powerful generative models for three popular deep visualization tasks using untrained , random weight convolutional neural networks . first we invert representations in feature spaces and reconstruct images from white noise inputs . the reco ←
→ radiomics strategies for risk assessment of tumour failure in head - and - neck cancer ; quantitative extraction of high - dimensional mineable data from medical images is a process known as radiomics . radiomics is foreseen as an essential prognostic tool for cancer risk assessment and the quantification of intratumoural heterogeneity . in this work , 1615 radiomic features ( quantifying tumour image intensity , shape , texture ) extracted from pre - treatment fdg - pet and ct images of 300 patients from four different c ←
→ controlling robot morphology from incomplete measurements ; mobile robots with complex morphology are essential for traversing rough terrains in urban search & rescue missions ( usar ). since teleoperation of the complex morphology causes high cognitive load of the operator , the morphology is controlled autonomously . the autonomous control measures the robot state and surrounding terrain which is usually only partially observable , and thus the data are often incomplete . we marginalize the control over the mis ←
→ explaining classification models built on high - dimensional sparse data ; predictive modeling applications increasingly use data representing people ' s behavior , opinions , and interactions . fine - grained behavior data often has different structure from traditional data , being very high - dimensional and sparse . models built from these data are quite difficult to interpret , since they contain many thousands or even many millions of features . listing features with large model coefficients is not sufficient , becaus ←
→ geospatial distributions reflect rates of evolution of features of language ; different structural features of human language change at different rates and thus exhibit different temporal stabilities . existing methods of linguistic stability estimation depend upon the prior genealogical classification of the world ' s languages into language families ; these methods result in unreliable stability estimates for features which are sensitive to horizontal transfer between families and whenever data are aggregat ←
→ identification of seed cells in multispectral images for growcut segmentation ; the segmentation of satellite images is a necessary step to perform object - oriented image classification , which has become relevant due to its applicability on images with a high spatial resolution . to perform object - oriented image classification , the studied image must first be segmented in uniform regions . this segmentation requires manual work by an expert user , who must exhaustively explore the image to establish threshold ←
→ continuous video to simple signals for swimming stroke detection with convolutional neural networks ; in many sports , it is useful to analyse video of an athlete in competition for training purposes . in swimming , stroke rate is a common metric used by coaches ; requiring a laborious labelling of each individual stroke . we show that using a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) we can automatically detect discrete events in continuous video ( in this case , swimming strokes ). we create a cnn that learns a mappin ←
→ a scalable and robust framework for intelligent real - time video surveillance ; in this paper , we present an intelligent , reliable and storage - efficient video surveillance system using apache storm and opencv . as a storm topology , we have added multiple information extraction modules that only write important content to the disk . our topology is extensible , capable of adding novel algorithms as per the use case without affecting the existing ones , since all the processing is independent of each other . this ←
→ glop : the global and local penalty for capturing predictive heterogeneity ; when faced with a supervised learning problem , we hope to have rich enough data to build a model that predicts future instances well . however , in practice , problems can exhibit predictive heterogeneity : most instances might be relatively easy to predict , while others might be predictive outliers for which a model trained on the entire dataset does not perform well . identifying these can help focus future data collection . we presen ←
→ hmm - based indic handwritten word recognition using zone segmentation ; this paper presents a novel approach towards indic handwritten word recognition using zone - wise information . because of complex nature due to compound characters , modifiers , overlapping and touching , etc ., character segmentation and recognition is a tedious job in indic scripts ( e . g . devanagari , bangla , gurumukhi , and other similar scripts ). to avoid character segmentation in such scripts , hmm - based sequence modeling has been used earlie ←
→ deverbal semantics and the montagovian generative lexicon ; we propose a lexical account of action nominals , in particular of deverbal nominalisations , whose meaning is related to the event expressed by their base verb . the literature about nominalisations often assumes that the semantics of the base verb completely defines the structure of action nominals . we argue that the information in the base verb is not sufficient to completely determine the semantics of action nominals . we exhibit some data from dif ←
→ optimal regret bounds for selecting the state representation in reinforcement learning ; we consider an agent interacting with an environment in a single stream of actions , observations , and rewards , with no reset . this process is not assumed to be a markov decision process ( mdp ). rather , the agent has several representations ( mapping histories of past interactions to a discrete state space ) of the environment with unknown dynamics , only some of which result in an mdp . the goal is to minimize the average ←
→ a network that learns strassen multiplication ; we study neural networks whose only non - linear components are multipliers , to test a new training rule in a context where the precise representation of data is paramount . these networks are challenged to discover the rules of matrix multiplication , given many examples . by limiting the number of multipliers , the network is forced to discover the strassen multiplication rules . this is the mathematical equivalent of finding low rank decompositions of the $ n \ times ←
→ a mirroring theorem and its application to a new method of unsupervised hierarchical pattern classification ; in this paper , we prove a crucial theorem called mirroring theorem which affirms that given a collection of samples with enough information in it such that it can be classified into classes and subclasses then ( i ) there exists a mapping which classifies and subclassifies these samples ( ii ) there exists a hierarchical classifier which can be constructed by using mirroring neural networks ( mnns ) in ←
→ étude de problèmes d ' optimisation combinatoire à multiples composantes interdépendantes ; this extended abstract presents an overview on np - hard optimization problems with multiple interdependent components . these problems occur in many real - world applications : industrial applications , engineering , and logistics . the fact that these problems are composed of many sub - problems that are np - hard makes them even more challenging to solve using exact algorithms . this is mainly due to the high complexity of this ←
→ geometric deep learning : going beyond euclidean data ; many scientific fields study data with an underlying structure that is a non - euclidean space . some examples include social networks in computational social sciences , sensor networks in communications , functional networks in brain imaging , regulatory networks in genetics , and meshed surfaces in computer graphics . in many applications , such geometric data are large and complex ( in the case of social networks , on the scale of billions ), and are natural tar ←
→ vision - based real estate price estimation ; since the advent of online real estate database companies like zillow , trulia and redfin , the problem of automatic estimation of market values for houses has received considerable attention . several real estate websites provide such estimates using a proprietary formula . although these estimates are often close to the actual sale prices , in some cases they are highly inaccurate . one of the key factors that affects the value of a house is its interior and exterior ←
→ rethinking feature discrimination and polymerization for large - scale recognition ; feature matters . how to train a deep network to acquire discriminative features across categories and polymerized features within classes has always been at the core of many computer vision tasks , specially for large - scale recognition systems where test identities are unseen during training and the number of classes could be at million scale . in this paper , we address this problem based on the simple intuition that the cosi ←
→ deep hidden physics models : deep learning of nonlinear partial differential equations ; a long - standing problem at the interface of artificial intelligence and applied mathematics is to devise an algorithm capable of achieving human level or even superhuman proficiency in transforming observed data into predictive mathematical models of the physical world . in the current era of abundance of data and advanced machine learning capabilities , the natural question arises : how can we automatically uncover the u ←
→ sentiment recognition in egocentric photostreams ; lifelogging is a process of collecting rich source of information about daily life of people . in this paper , we introduce the problem of sentiment analysis in egocentric events focusing on the moments that compose the images recalling positive , neutral or negative feelings to the observer . we propose a method for the classification of the sentiments in egocentric pictures based on global and semantic image features extracted by convolutional neural networks ←
→ rocket launching : a universal and efficient framework for training well - performing light net ; models applied on real time response task , like click - through rate ( ctr ) prediction model , require high accuracy and rigorous response time . therefore , top - performing deep models of high depth and complexity are not well suited for these applications with the limitations on the inference time . in order to further improve the neural networks ' performance given the time and computational limitations , we propose an ←
→ a lipschitz exploration - exploitation scheme for bayesian optimization ; the problem of optimizing unknown costly - to - evaluate functions has been studied for a long time in the context of bayesian optimization . algorithms in this field aim to find the optimizer of the function by asking only a few function evaluations at locations carefully selected based on a posterior model . in this paper , we assume the unknown function is lipschitz continuous . leveraging the lipschitz property , we propose an algorithm with ←
→ learning quadratic variance function ( qvf ) dag models via overdispersion scoring ( ods ) ; learning dag or bayesian network models is an important problem in multi - variate causal inference . however , a number of challenges arises in learning large - scale dag models including model identifiability and computational complexity since the space of directed graphs is huge . in this paper , we address these issues in a number of steps for a broad class of dag models where the noise or variance is signal - dependent . fi ←
→ gradient - based adaptive interpolation in super - resolution image restoration ; this paper presents a super - resolution method based on gradient - based adaptive interpolation . in this method , in addition to considering the distance between the interpolated pixel and the neighboring valid pixel , the interpolation coefficients take the local gradient of the original image into account . the smaller the local gradient of a pixel is , the more influence it should have on the interpolated pixel . and the interpolated ←
→ development of yes / no arabic question answering system ; developing question answering systems has been one of the important research issues because it requires insights from a variety of disciplines , including , artificial intelligence , information retrieval , information extraction , natural language processing , and psychology . in this paper we realize a formal model for a lightweight semantic based open domain yes / no arabic question answering system based on paragraph retrieval with variable length . we propose a ←
→ deep de - aliasing for fast compressive sensing mri ; fast magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) is highly in demand for many clinical applications in order to reduce the scanning cost and improve the patient experience . this can also potentially increase the image quality by reducing the motion artefacts and contrast washout . however , once an image field of view and the desired resolution are chosen , the minimum scanning time is normally determined by the requirement of acquiring sufficient raw data to meet the n ←
→ accelerating partial - order planners : some techniques for effective search control and pruning ; we propose some domain - independent techniques for bringing well - founded partial - order planners closer to practicality . the first two techniques are aimed at improving search control while keeping overhead costs low . one is based on a simple adjustment to the default a * heuristic used by ucpop to select plans for refinement . the other is based on preferring `` zero commitment '' ( forced ) plan refinements whenever ←
→ near - optimal discrete optimization for experimental design : a regret minimization approach ; the experimental design problem concerns the selection of k points from a potentially large design pool of p - dimensional vectors , so as to maximize the statistical efficiency regressed on the selected k design points . statistical efficiency is measured by optimality criteria , including a ( verage ), d ( eterminant ), t ( race ), e ( igen ), v ( ariance ) and g - optimality . except for the t - optimality , exact optimization is np - har ←
→ learning steerable filters for rotation equivariant cnns ; in many machine learning tasks it is desirable that a model ' s prediction transforms in an equivariant way under transformations of its input . convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) implement translational equivariance by construction ; for other transformations , however , they are compelled to learn the proper mapping . in this work , we develop steerable filter cnns ( sfcnns ) which achieve joint equivariance under translations and rotations by design . the ←
→ ltsg : latent topical skip - gram for mutually learning topic model and vector representations ; topic models have been widely used in discovering latent topics which are shared across documents in text mining . vector representations , word embeddings and topic embeddings , map words and topics into a low - dimensional and dense real - value vector space , which have obtained high performance in nlp tasks . however , most of the existing models assume the result trained by one of them are perfect correct and used as ←
→ heuristic feature selection for clickbait detection ; we study feature selection as a means to optimize the baseline clickbait detector employed at the clickbait challenge 2017 . the challenge ' s task is to score the " clickbaitiness " of a given twitter tweet on a scale from 0 ( no clickbait ) to 1 ( strong clickbait ). unlike most other approaches submitted to the challenge , the baseline approach is based on manual feature engineering and does not compete out of the box with many of the deep learning - based approa ←
→ a state of the art of word sense induction : a way towards word sense disambiguation for under - resourced languages ; word sense disambiguation ( wsd ), the process of automatically identifying the meaning of a polysemous word in a sentence , is a fundamental task in natural language processing ( nlp ). progress in this approach to wsd opens up many promising developments in the field of nlp and its applications . indeed , improvement over current performance levels could allow us to take a first step towards natu ←
→ chipmunk : a systolically scalable 0 . 9 mm ${}^ 2 $, 3 . 08 gop / s / mw @ 1 . 2 mw accelerator for near - sensor recurrent neural network inference ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are state - of - the - art in voice awareness / understanding and speech recognition . on - device computation of rnns on low - power mobile and wearable devices would be key to applications such as zero - latency voice - based human - machine interfaces . here we present chipmunk , a small (< 1 mm ${}^ 2 $) hardware accelerator for long - short term memory rnns in ←
→ 4 - dof tracking for robot fine manipulation tasks ; this paper presents two visual trackers from the different paradigms of learning and registration based tracking and evaluates their application in image based visual servoing . they can track object motion with four degrees of freedom ( dof ) which , as we will show here , is sufficient for many fine manipulation tasks . one of these trackers is a newly developed learning based tracker that relies on learning discriminative correlation filters while the other is ←
→ tighter bounds lead to improved classifiers ; the standard approach to supervised classification involves the minimization of a log - loss as an upper bound to the classification error . while this is a tight bound early on in the optimization , it overemphasizes the influence of incorrectly classified examples far from the decision boundary . updating the upper bound during the optimization leads to improved classification rates while transforming the learning into a sequence of minimization problems . in additi ←
→ a predictive system for detection of bankruptcy using machine learning techniques ; bankruptcy is a legal procedure that claims a person or organization as a debtor . it is essential to ascertain the risk of bankruptcy at initial stages to prevent financial losses . in this perspective , different soft computing techniques can be employed to ascertain bankruptcy . this study proposes a bankruptcy prediction system to categorize the companies based on extent of risk . the prediction system acts as a decision su ←
→ mining smart card data for travelers ' mini activities ; in the context of public transport modeling and simulation , we address the problem of mismatch between simulated transit trips and observed ones . we point to the weakness of the current travel demand modeling process ; the trips it generates are over - optimistic and do not reflect the real passenger choices . we introduce the notion of mini activities the travelers do during the trips ; they can explain the deviation of simulated trips from the observed tr ←
→ interpreting outliers : localized logistic regression for density ratio estimation ; we propose an inlier - based outlier detection method capable of both identifying the outliers and explaining why they are outliers , by identifying the outlier - specific features . specifically , we employ an inlier - based outlier detection criterion , which uses the ratio of inlier and test probability densities as a measure of plausibility of being an outlier . for estimating the density ratio function , we propose a localized lo ←
→ representation learning for very short texts using weighted word embedding aggregation ; short text messages such as tweets are very noisy and sparse in their use of vocabulary . traditional textual representations , such as tf - idf , have difficulty grasping the semantic meaning of such texts , which is important in applications such as event detection , opinion mining , news recommendation , etc . we constructed a method based on semantic word embeddings and frequency information to arrive at low - dimensional rep ←
→ principled parallel mean - field inference for discrete random fields ; mean - field variational inference is one of the most popular approaches to inference in discrete random fields . standard mean - field optimization is based on coordinate descent and in many situations can be impractical . thus , in practice , various parallel techniques are used , which either rely on ad - hoc smoothing with heuristically set parameters , or put strong constraints on the type of models . in this paper , we propose a novel proximal gr ←
→ approximations to the mmi criterion and their effect on lattice - based mmi ; maximum mutual information ( mmi ) is a model selection criterion used for hidden markov model ( hmm ) parameter estimation that was developed more than twenty years ago as a discriminative alternative to the maximum likelihood criterion for hmm - based speech recognition . it has been shown in the speech recognition literature that parameter estimation using the current mmi paradigm , lattice - based mmi , consistently outperforms maximum l ←
→ machine learning \& artificial intelligence in the quantum domain ; quantum information technologies , and intelligent learning systems , are both emergent technologies that will likely have a transforming impact on our society . the respective underlying fields of research -- quantum information ( qi ) versus machine learning ( ml ) and artificial intelligence ( ai ) -- have their own specific challenges , which have hitherto been investigated largely independently . however , in a growing body of recent work , researc ←
→ predicting readmission risk from doctors ' notes ; we develop a model using deep learning techniques and natural language processing on unstructured text from medical records to predict hospital - wide $ 30 $- day unplanned readmission , with c - statistic $. 70 $. our model is constructed to allow physicians to interpret the significant features for prediction .←
→ maximum entropy models capture melodic styles ; we introduce a maximum entropy model able to capture the statistics of melodies in music . the model can be used to generate new melodies that emulate the style of the musical corpus which was used to train it . instead of using the $ n -$ body interactions of $( n - 1 )-$ order markov models , traditionally used in automatic music generation , we use a $ k -$ nearest neighbour model with pairwise interactions only . in that way , we keep the number of parameters low and avoid ←
→ deep learning embeddings for discontinuous linguistic units ; deep learning embeddings have been successfully used for many natural language processing problems . embeddings are mostly computed for word forms although a number of recent papers have extended this to other linguistic units like morphemes and phrases . in this paper , we argue that learning embeddings for discontinuous linguistic units should also be considered . in an experimental evaluation on coreference resolution , we show that such embeddings ←
→ automatic speech recognition with very large conversational finnish and estonian vocabularies ; today , the vocabulary size for language models in large vocabulary speech recognition is typically several hundreds of thousands of words . while this is already sufficient in some applications , the out - of - vocabulary words are still limiting the usability in others . in agglutinative languages the vocabulary for conversational speech should include millions of word forms to cover the spelling variations due to co ←
→ classifier fusion method to recognize handwritten kannada numerals ; optical character recognition ( ocr ) is one of the important fields in image processing and pattern recognition domain . handwritten character recognition has always been a challenging task . only a little work can be traced towards the recognition of handwritten characters for the south indian languages . kannada is one such south indian language which is also one of the official language of india . accurate recognition of kannada characters i ←
→ spectral clustering : an empirical study of approximation algorithms and its application to the attrition problem ; clustering is the problem of separating a set of objects into groups ( called clusters ) so that objects within the same cluster are more similar to each other than to those in different clusters . spectral clustering is a now well - known method for clustering which utilizes the spectrum of the data similarity matrix to perform this separation . since the method relies on solving an eigenvector pr ←
→ leaf identification using a deep convolutional neural network ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have become popular especially in computer vision in the last few years because they achieved outstanding performance on different tasks , such as image classifications . we propose a nine - layer cnn for leaf identification using the famous flavia and foliage datasets . usually the supervised learning of deep cnns requires huge datasets for training . however , the used datasets contain only a few examples per pla ←
→ bennett - type generalization bounds : large - deviation case and faster rate of convergence ; in this paper , we present the bennett - type generalization bounds of the learning process for i . i . d . samples , and then show that the generalization bounds have a faster rate of convergence than the traditional results . in particular , we first develop two types of bennett - type deviation inequality for the i . i . d . learning process : one provides the generalization bounds based on the uniform entropy number ; the other lead ←
→ probability judgement in artificial intelligence ; this paper is concerned with two theories of probability judgment : the bayesian theory and the theory of belief functions . it illustrates these theories with some simple examples and discusses some of the issues that arise when we try to implement them in expert systems . the bayesian theory is well known ; its main ideas go back to the work of thomas bayes ( 1702 - 1761 ). the theory of belief functions , often called the dempster - shafer theory in the artificial ←
→ 3d shape retrieval via irrelevance filtering and similarity ranking ( if / sr ) ; a novel solution for the content - based 3d shape retrieval problem using an unsupervised clustering approach , which does not need any label information of 3d shapes , is presented in this work . the proposed shape retrieval system consists of two modules in cascade : the irrelevance filtering ( if ) module and the similarity ranking ( sr ) module . the if module attempts to cluster gallery shapes that are similar to each other by examini ←
→ improving multilingual named entity recognition with wikipedia entity type mapping ; the state - of - the - art named entity recognition ( ner ) systems are statistical machine learning models that have strong generalization capability ( i . e ., can recognize unseen entities that do not appear in training data ) based on lexical and contextual information . however , such a model could still make mistakes if its features favor a wrong entity type . in this paper , we utilize wikipedia as an open knowledge base to improve ←
→ an adaptive quantum - inspired differential evolution algorithm for 0 - 1 knapsack problem ; differential evolution ( de ) is a population based evolutionary algorithm widely used for solving multidimensional global optimization problems over continuous spaces . however , the design of its operators makes it unsuitable for many real - life constrained combinatorial optimization problems which operate on binary space . on the other hand , the quantum inspired evolutionary algorithm ( qea ) is very well suitable for hand ←
→ 3d human activity recognition with reconfigurable convolutional neural networks ; human activity understanding with 3d / depth sensors has received increasing attention in multimedia processing and interactions . this work targets on developing a novel deep model for automatic activity recognition from rgb - d videos . we represent each human activity as an ensemble of cubic - like video segments , and learn to discover the temporal structures for a category of activities , i . e . how the activities to be decomposed ←
→ multi - armed bandits on unit interval graphs ; an online learning problem with side information on the similarity and dissimilarity across different actions is considered . the problem is formulated as a stochastic multi - armed bandit problem with a graph - structured learning space . each node in the graph represents an arm in the bandit problem and an edge between two nodes represents closeness in their mean rewards . it is shown that the resulting graph is a unit interval graph . a hierarchical learning policy i ←
→ joint object - material category segmentation from audio - visual cues ; it is not always possible to recognise objects and infer material properties for a scene from visual cues alone , since objects can look visually similar whilst being made of very different materials . in this paper , we therefore present an approach that augments the available dense visual cues with sparse auditory cues in order to estimate dense object and material labels . since estimates of object class and material properties are mutually ←
→ combining textual content and structure to improve dialog similarity ; chatbots , taking advantage of the success of the messaging apps and recent advances in artificial intelligence , have become very popular , from helping business to improve customer services to chatting to users for the sake of conversation and engagement ( celebrity or personal bots ). however , developing and improving a chatbot requires understanding their data generated by its users . dialog data has a different nature of a simple question ←
→ tensor fusion network for multimodal sentiment analysis ; multimodal sentiment analysis is an increasingly popular research area , which extends the conventional language - based definition of sentiment analysis to a multimodal setup where other relevant modalities accompany language . in this paper , we pose the problem of multimodal sentiment analysis as modeling intra - modality and inter - modality dynamics . we introduce a novel model , termed tensor fusion network , which learns both such dynamics end - to - end . the ←
→ exploiting generalization in the subspaces for faster model - based learning ; due to the lack of enough generalization in the state - space , common methods in reinforcement learning ( rl ) suffer from slow learning speed especially in the early learning trials . this paper introduces a model - based method in discrete state - spaces for increasing learning speed in terms of required experience ( but not required computational time ) by exploiting generalization in the experiences of the subspaces . a subspace is forme ←
→ teaching and compressing for low vc - dimension ; in this work we study the quantitative relation between vc - dimension and two other basic parameters related to learning and teaching . namely , the quality of sample compression schemes and of teaching sets for classes of low vc - dimension . let $ c $ be a binary concept class of size $ m $ and vc - dimension $ d $. prior to this work , the best known upper bounds for both parameters were $\ log ( m )$, while the best lower bounds are linear in $ d $. we present significantly be ←
→ stochastic logic programs : sampling , inference and applications ; algorithms for exact and approximate inference in stochastic logic programs ( slps ) are presented , based respectively , on variable elimination and importance sampling . we then show how slps can be used to represent prior distributions for machine learning , using ( i ) logic programs and ( ii ) bayes net structures as examples . drawing on existing work in statistics , we apply the metropolis - hasting algorithm to construct a markov chain which sample ←
→ learning unitary operators with help from u ( n ) ; a major challenge in the training of recurrent neural networks is the so - called vanishing or exploding gradient problem . the use of a norm - preserving transition operator can address this issue , but parametrization is challenging . in this work we focus on unitary operators and describe a parametrization using the lie algebra $\ mathfrak { u }( n )$ associated with the lie group $ u ( n )$ of $ n \ times n $ unitary matrices . the exponential map provides a correspondence be ←
→ data representation and compression using linear - programming approximations ; we propose ` dracula ', a new framework for unsupervised feature selection from sequential data such as text . dracula learns a dictionary of $ n $- grams that efficiently compresses a given corpus and recursively compresses its own dictionary ; in effect , dracula is a ` deep ' extension of compressive feature learning . it requires solving a binary linear program that may be relaxed to a linear program . both problems exhibit considerable ←
→ exploring structure for long - term tracking of multiple objects in sports videos ; in this paper , we propose a novel approach for exploiting structural relations to track multiple objects that may undergo long - term occlusion and abrupt motion . we use a model - free approach that relies only on annotations given in the first frame of the video to track all the objects online , i . e . without knowledge from future frames . we initialize a probabilistic attributed relational graph ( arg ) from the first frame , which ←
→ time series segmentation through automatic feature learning ; internet of things ( iot ) applications have become increasingly popular in recent years , with applications ranging from building energy monitoring to personal health tracking and activity recognition . in order to leverage these data , automatic knowledge extraction - whereby we map from observations to interpretable states and transitions - must be done at scale . as such , we have seen many recent iot data sets include annotations with a human exper ←
→ algorithmic clothing : hybrid recommendation , from street - style - to - shop ; in this paper we detail cortexica ' s ( https :// www . cortexica . com ) recommendation framework -- particularly , we describe how a hybrid visual recommender system can be created by combining conditional random fields for segmentation and deep neural networks for object localisation and feature representation . the recommendation system that is built after localisation , segmentation and classification has two properties -- first , it is knowled ←
→ towards the improvement of automated scientific document categorization by deep learning ; this master thesis describes an algorithm for automated categorization of scientific documents using deep learning techniques and compares the results to the results of existing classification algorithms . as an additional goal a reusable api is to be developed allowing the automation of classification tasks in existing software . a design will be proposed using a convolutional neural network as a classifier and integ ←
→ applications and analysis of bio - inspired eagle strategy for engineering optimization ; all swarm - intelligence - based optimization algorithms use some stochastic components to increase the diversity of solutions during the search process . such randomization is often represented in terms of random walks . however , it is not yet clear why some randomization techniques ( and thus why some algorithms ) may perform better than others for a given set of problems . in this work , we analyze these randomization methods ←
→ the challenge of believability in video games : definitions , agents models and imitation learning ; in this paper , we address the problem of creating believable agents ( virtual characters ) in video games . we consider only one meaning of believability , `` giving the feeling of being controlled by a player '', and outline the problem of its evaluation . we present several models for agents in games which can produce believable behaviours , both from industry and research . for high level of believability , learnin ←
→ are style guides controlled languages ? the case of koenig & bauer ag ; controlled natural languages for industrial application are often regarded as a response to the challenges of translation and multilingual communication . this paper presents a quite different approach taken by koenig & bauer ag , where the main goal was the improvement of the authoring process for technical documentation . most importantly , this paper explores the notion of a controlled language and demonstrates how style guides can emerge ←
→ representing meaning with a combination of logical and distributional models ; nlp tasks differ in the semantic information they require , and at this time no single se - mantic representation fulfills all requirements . logic - based representations characterize sentence structure , but do not capture the graded aspect of meaning . distributional models give graded similarity ratings for words and phrases , but do not capture sentence structure in the same detail as logic - based approaches . so it has been argued ←
→ cost and actual causation ; i propose the purpose our concept of actual causation serves is minimizing various cost in intervention practice . actual causation has three features : nonredundant sufficiency , continuity and abnormality ; these features correspond to the minimization of exploitative cost , exploratory cost and risk cost in intervention practice . incorporating these three features , a definition of actual causation is given . i test the definition in 66 causal cases from actual causation literature a ←
→ a swift heuristic method for work order scheduling under the skilled - workforce constraint ; the considered problem is how to optimally allocate a set of jobs to technicians of different skills such that the number of technicians of each skill does not exceed the number of persons with that skill designation . the key motivation is the quick sensitivity analysis in terms of the workforce size which is quite necessary in many industries in the presence of unexpected work orders . a time - indexed mathematical m ←
→ active image - based modeling with a toy drone ; image - based modeling techniques can now generate photo - realistic 3d models from images . but it is up to users to provide high quality images with good coverage and view overlap , which makes the data capturing process tedious and time consuming . we seek to automate data capturing for image - based modeling . the core of our system is an iterative linear method to solve the multi - view stereo ( mvs ) problem quickly and plan the next - best - view ( nbv ) effectively . our fa ←
→ asking too much ? the rhetorical role of questions in political discourse ; questions play a prominent role in social interactions , performing rhetorical functions that go beyond that of simple informational exchange . the surface form of a question can signal the intention and background of the person asking it , as well as the nature of their relation with the interlocutor . while the informational nature of questions has been extensively examined in the context of question - answering applications , their rheto ←
→ tensor robust principal component analysis : exact recovery of corrupted low - rank tensors via convex optimization ; this paper studies the tensor robust principal component ( trpca ) problem which extends the known robust pca ( cand ${\` e }$ s et al . 2011 ) to the tensor case . our model is based on a new tensor singular value decomposition ( t - svd ) ( kilmer and martin 2011 ) and its induced tensor tubal rank and tensor nuclear norm . consider that we have a 3 - way tensor ${\ mathcal { x }}\ in \ mathbb { r }^{ n_1 \ times n_2 \ time ←
→ evaluating neural network explanation methods using hybrid documents and morphological prediction ; we propose two novel paradigms for evaluating neural network explanations in nlp . the first paradigm works on hybrid documents , the second exploits morphosyntactic agreements . neither paradigm requires manual annotations ; instead , a relevance ground truth is generated automatically . in our experiments , successful explanations for long short term memory networks ( lstms ) were produced by a decomposition of me ←
→ person re - identification : past , present and future ; person re - identification ( re - id ) has become increasingly popular in the community due to its application and research significance . it aims at spotting a person of interest in other cameras . in the early days , hand - crafted algorithms and small - scale evaluation were predominantly reported . recent years have witnessed the emergence of large - scale datasets and deep learning systems which make use of large data volumes . considering different tasks , we classif ←
→ erratum : link prediction in drug - target interactions network using similarity indices ; background : in silico drug - target interaction ( dti ) prediction plays an integral role in drug repositioning : the discovery of new uses for existing drugs . one popular method of drug repositioning is network - based dti prediction , which uses complex network theory to predict dtis from a drug - target network . currently , most network - based dti prediction is based on machine learning methods such as restricted boltzmann mach ←
→ truncating wide networks using binary tree architectures ; recent study shows that a wide deep network can obtain accuracy comparable to a deeper but narrower network . compared to narrower and deeper networks , wide networks employ relatively less number of layers and have various important benefits , such that they have less running time on parallel computing devices , and they are less affected by gradient vanishing problems . however , the parameter size of a wide network can be very large due to use of large ←
→ investigation of the zipf - plot of the extinct meroitic language ; the ancient and extinct language meroitic is investigated using zipf ' s law . in particular , since meroitic is still undeciphered , the zipf law analysis allows us to assess the quality of current texts and possible avenues for future investigation using statistical techniques .←
→ total variation - based dense depth from multi - camera array ; multi - camera arrays are increasingly employed in both consumer and industrial applications , and various passive techniques are documented to estimate depth from such camera arrays . current depth estimation methods provide useful estimations of depth in an imaged scene but are often impractical due to significant computational requirements . this paper presents a novel framework that generates a high - quality continuous depth map from multi - camera arr ←
→ st - gan : spatial transformer generative adversarial networks for image compositing ; we address the problem of finding realistic geometric corrections to a foreground object such that it appears natural when composited into a background image . to achieve this , we propose a novel generative adversarial network ( gan ) architecture that utilizes spatial transformer networks ( stns ) as the generator , which we call spatial transformer gans ( st - gans ). st - gans seek image realism by operating in the geometric warp p ←
→ synthesis of positron emission tomography ( pet ) images via multi - channel generative adversarial networks ( gans ) ; positron emission tomography ( pet ) image synthesis plays an important role , which can be used to boost the training data for computer aided diagnosis systems . however , existing image synthesis methods have problems in synthesizing the low resolution pet images . to address these limitations , we propose multi - channel generative adversarial networks ( m - gan ) based pet image synthesis method . diffe ←
→ reversible jump mcmc simulated annealing for neural networks ; we propose a novel reversible jump markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) simulated annealing algorithm to optimize radial basis function ( rbf ) networks . this algorithm enables us to maximize the joint posterior distribution of the network parameters and the number of basis functions . it performs a global search in the joint space of the parameters and number of parameters , thereby surmounting the problem of local minima . we also show that by calibrati ←
→ global convergence of stochastic gradient descent for some non - convex matrix problems ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) on a low - rank factorization is commonly employed to speed up matrix problems including matrix completion , subspace tracking , and sdp relaxation . in this paper , we exhibit a step size scheme for sgd on a low - rank least - squares problem , and we prove that , under broad sampling conditions , our method converges globally from a random starting point within $ o (\ epsilon ^{- 1 } n \ log n )$ steps w ←
→ flexible sampling of discrete data correlations without the marginal distributions ; learning the joint dependence of discrete variables is a fundamental problem in machine learning , with many applications including prediction , clustering and dimensionality reduction . more recently , the framework of copula modeling has gained popularity due to its modular parametrization of joint distributions . among other properties , copulas provide a recipe for combining flexible models for univariate marginal distribut ←
→ a multi - scale cnn and curriculum learning strategy for mammogram classification ; screening mammography is an important front - line tool for the early detection of breast cancer , and some 39 million exams are conducted each year in the united states alone . here , we describe a multi - scale convolutional neural network ( cnn ) trained with a curriculum learning strategy that achieves high levels of accuracy in classifying mammograms . specifically , we first train cnn - based patch classifiers on segmentation masks ←
→ statistical meta - analysis of presentation attacks for secure multibiometric systems ; prior work has shown that multibiometric systems are vulnerable to presentation attacks , assuming that their matching score distribution is identical to that of genuine users , without fabricating any fake trait . we have recently shown that this assumption is not representative of current fingerprint and face presentation attacks , leading one to overestimate the vulnerability of multibiometric systems , and to design less ←
→ probabilistic latent semantic analysis ( plsa ) untuk klasifikasi dokumen teks berbahasa indonesia ; one task that is included in managing documents is how to find substantial information inside . topic modeling is a technique that has been developed to produce document representation in form of keywords . the keywords will be used in the indexing process and document retrieval as needed by users . in this research , we will discuss specifically about probabilistic latent semantic analysis ( plsa ). it will cover ←
→ combine crf and mmseg to boost chinese word segmentation in social media ; in this paper , we propose a joint algorithm for the word segmentation on chinese social media . previous work mainly focus on word segmentation for plain chinese text , in order to develop a chinese social media processing tool , we need to take the main features of social media into account , whose grammatical structure is not rigorous , and the tendency of using colloquial and internet terms makes the existing chinese - processing tools i ←
→ rhetorical relations for information retrieval ; typically , every part in most coherent text has some plausible reason for its presence , some function that it performs to the overall semantics of the text . rhetorical relations , e . g . contrast , cause , explanation , describe how the parts of a text are linked to each other . knowledge about this socalled discourse structure has been applied successfully to several natural language processing tasks . this work studies the use of rhetorical relations for informatio ←
→ deblured gaussian blurred images ; this paper attempts to undertake the study of restored gaussian blurred images . by using four types of techniques of deblurring image as wiener filter , regularized filter , lucy richardson deconvlutin algorithm and blind deconvlution algorithm with an information of the point spread function ( psf ) corrupted blurred image with different values of size and alfa and then corrupted by gaussian noise . the same is applied to the remote sensing image and they are compared with one ←
→ a comprehensive survey on cross - modal retrieval ; in recent years , cross - modal retrieval has drawn much attention due to the rapid growth of multimodal data . it takes one type of data as the query to retrieve relevant data of another type . for example , a user can use a text to retrieve relevant pictures or videos . since the query and its retrieved results can be of different modalities , how to measure the content similarity between different modalities of data remains a challenge . various methods have been ←
→ a bayesian method for constructing bayesian belief networks from databases ; this paper presents a bayesian method for constructing bayesian belief networks from a database of cases . potential applications include computer - assisted hypothesis testing , automated scientific discovery , and automated construction of probabilistic expert systems . results are presented of a preliminary evaluation of an algorithm for constructing a belief network from a database of cases . we relate the methods in this paper to p ←
→ facial attributes : accuracy and adversarial robustness ; facial attributes , emerging soft biometrics , must be automatically and reliably extracted from images in order to be usable in stand - alone systems . while recent methods extract facial attributes using deep neural networks ( dnns ) trained on labeled facial attribute data , the robustness of deep attribute representations has not been evaluated . in this paper , we examine the representational stability of several approaches that recently advanced the state ←
→ image enhancement in intensity projected multichannel mri using spatially adaptive directional anisotropic diffusion ; anisotropic diffusion is widely used for noise reduction with simultaneous preservation of vascular structures in maximum intensity projected ( mip ) angiograms . however , extension to minimum intensity projected ( mip ) venograms in susceptibility weighted imaging ( swi ) poses difficulties due to spatially varying baseline . here , we introduce a modified version of the directional anisotropic d ←
→ estimating random delays in modbus network using experiments and general linear regression neural networks with genetic algorithm smoothing ; time - varying delays adversely affect the performance of networked control sys - tems ( ncs ) and in the worst - case can destabilize the entire system . therefore , modelling network delays is important for designing ncs . however , modelling time - varying delays is challenging because of their dependence on multiple pa - rameters such as length , contention , connected devices , p ←
→ fine - grained classification via mixture of deep convolutional neural networks ; we present a novel deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ) system for fine - grained image classification , called a mixture of dcnns ( mixdcnn ). the fine - grained image classification problem is characterised by large intra - class variations and small inter - class variations . to overcome these problems our proposed mixdcnn system partitions images into k subsets of similar images and learns an expert dcnn for each subset . the outpu ←
→ a watershed - based algorithm to segment and classify cells in fluorescence microscopy images ; imaging assays of cellular function , especially those using fluorescent stains , are ubiquitous in the biological and medical sciences . despite advances in computer vision , such images are often analyzed using only manual or rudimentary automated processes . watershed - based segmentation is an effective technique for identifying objects in images ; it outperforms commonly used image analysis methods , but requires fam ←
→ dintucker : scaling up gaussian process models on multidimensional arrays with billions of elements ; infinite tucker decomposition ( inftucker ) and random function prior models , as nonparametric bayesian models on infinite exchangeable arrays , are more powerful models than widely - used multilinear factorization methods including tucker and parafac decomposition , ( partly ) due to their capability of modeling nonlinear relationships between array elements . despite their great predictive performance and sound t ←
→ david poole ' s specificity revised ; in the middle of the 1980s , david poole introduced a semantical , model - theoretic notion of specificity to the artificial - intelligence community . since then it has found further applications in non - monotonic reasoning , in particular in defeasible reasoning . poole tried to approximate the intuitive human concept of specificity , which seems to be essential for reasoning in everyday life with its partial and inconsistent information . his notion , however , turns out to be intri ←
→ tienet : text - image embedding network for common thorax disease classification and reporting in chest x - rays ; chest x - rays are one of the most common radiological examinations in daily clinical routines . reporting thorax diseases using chest x - rays is often an entry - level task for radiologist trainees . yet , reading a chest x - ray image remains a challenging job for learning - oriented machine intelligence , due to ( 1 ) shortage of large - scale machine - learnable medical image datasets , and ( 2 ) lack of techniques ←
→ functional mixture discriminant analysis with hidden process regression for curve classification ; we present a new mixture model - based discriminant analysis approach for functional data using a specific hidden process regression model . the approach allows for fitting flexible curve - models to each class of complex - shaped curves presenting regime changes . the model parameters are learned by maximizing the observed - data log - likelihood for each class by using a dedicated expectation - maximization ( em ) algorit ←
→ universal dependencies for learner english ; we introduce the treebank of learner english ( tle ), the first publicly available syntactic treebank for english as a second language ( esl ). the tle provides manually annotated pos tags and universal dependency ( ud ) trees for 5 , 124 sentences from the cambridge first certificate in english ( fce ) corpus . the ud annotations are tied to a pre - existing error annotation of the fce , whereby full syntactic analyses are provided for both the original and error corrected ve ←
→ vae with a vampprior ; many different methods to train deep generative models have been introduced in the past . in this paper , we propose to extend the variational auto - encoder ( vae ) framework with a new type of prior which we call " variational mixture of posteriors " prior , or vampprior for short . the vampprior consists of a mixture distribution ( e . g ., a mixture of gaussians ) with components given by variational posteriors conditioned on learnable pseudo - inputs . we further extend this prior to a two layer h ←
→ different types of conflicting knowledge in ami environments ; we characterize different types of conflicts that may occur in complex distributed multi - agent scenarios , such as in ambient intelligence ( ami ) environments , and we argue that these conflicts should be resolved in a suitable order and with the appropriate strategies for each individual conflict type . we call for further research with the goal of turning conflict resolution in ami environments and similar multi - agent domains into a more coordinat ←
→ stochastic reconstruction of an oolitic limestone by generative adversarial networks ; stochastic image reconstruction is a key part of modern digital rock physics and materials analysis that aims to create numerous representative samples of material micro - structures for upscaling , numerical computation of effective properties and uncertainty quantification . we present a method of three - dimensional stochastic image reconstruction based on generative adversarial neural networks ( gans ). gans represent a fra ←
→ a survey on sensing methods and feature extraction algorithms for slam problem ; this paper is a survey work for a bigger project for designing a visual slam robot to generate 3d dense map of an unknown unstructured environment . a lot of factors have to be considered while designing a slam robot . sensing method of the slam robot should be determined by considering the kind of environment to be modeled . similarly the type of environment determines the suitable feature extraction method . this paper goes thr ←
→ swrl2spin : a tool for transforming swrl rule bases in owl ontologies to object - oriented spin rules ; swrl is a semantic web rule language that combines owl ontologies with horn logic rules of the ruleml family of rule languages , extending the set of owl axioms to include horn - like rules . being supported by the prot \' eg \' e ontology editor as well as by popular rule engines and ontology reasoners , such as jess , drools and pellet , swrl has become a very popular choice for developing rule - based applications o ←
→ reactive multi - context systems : heterogeneous reasoning in dynamic environments ; managed multi - context systems ( mmcss ) allow for the integration of heterogeneous knowledge sources in a modular and very general way . they were , however , mainly designed for static scenarios and are therefore not well - suited for dynamic environments in which continuous reasoning over such heterogeneous knowledge with constantly arriving streams of data is necessary . in this paper , we introduce reactive multi - context systems ←
→ spudd : stochastic planning using decision diagrams ; markov decisions processes ( mdps ) are becoming increasing popular as models of decision theoretic planning . while traditional dynamic programming methods perform well for problems with small state spaces , structured methods are needed for large problems . we propose and examine a value iteration algorithm for mdps that uses algebraic decision diagrams ( adds ) to represent value functions and policies . an mdp is represented using bayesian networks and adds an ←
→ an artificial neural networks based temperature prediction framework for network - on - chip based multicore platform ; continuous improvement in silicon process technologies has made possible the integration of hundreds of cores on a single chip . however , power and heat have become dominant constraints in designing these massive multicore chips causing issues with reliability , timing variations and reduced lifetime of the chips . dynamic thermal management ( dtm ) is a solution to avoid high temperatures on the ←
→ crowdsourcing a word - emotion association lexicon ; even though considerable attention has been given to the polarity of words ( positive and negative ) and the creation of large polarity lexicons , research in emotion analysis has had to rely on limited and small emotion lexicons . in this paper we show how the combined strength and wisdom of the crowds can be used to generate a large , high - quality , word - emotion and word - polarity association lexicon quickly and inexpensively . we enumerate the challenges in emot ←
→ bridging the gap between value and policy based reinforcement learning ; we establish a new connection between value and policy based reinforcement learning ( rl ) based on a relationship between softmax temporal value consistency and policy optimality under entropy regularization . specifically , we show that softmax consistent action values correspond to optimal entropy regularized policy probabilities along any action sequence , regardless of provenance . from this observation , we develop a new rl algorithm , p ←
→ match - srnn : modeling the recursive matching structure with spatial rnn ; semantic matching , which aims to determine the matching degree between two texts , is a fundamental problem for many nlp applications . recently , deep learning approach has been applied to this problem and significant improvements have been achieved . in this paper , we propose to view the generation of the global interaction between two texts as a recursive process : i . e . the interaction of two texts at each position is a composition of th ←
→ survey of the state of the art in natural language generation : core tasks , applications and evaluation ; this paper surveys the current state of the art in natural language generation ( nlg ), defined as the task of generating text or speech from non - linguistic input . a survey of nlg is timely in view of the changes that the field has undergone over the past decade or so , especially in relation to new ( usually data - driven ) methods , as well as new applications of nlg technology . this survey therefore aims to ←
→ on the equivalence between kernel quadrature rules and random feature expansions ; we show that kernel - based quadrature rules for computing integrals can be seen as a special case of random feature expansions for positive definite kernels , for a particular decomposition that always exists for such kernels . we provide a theoretical analysis of the number of required samples for a given approximation error , leading to both upper and lower bounds that are based solely on the eigenvalues of the associated int ←
→ a complete solver for constraint games ; game theory studies situations in which multiple agents having conflicting objectives have to reach a collective decision . the question of a compact representation language for agents utility function is of crucial importance since the classical representation of a $ n $- players game is given by a $ n $- dimensional matrix of exponential size for each player . in this paper we use the framework of constraint games in which csp are used to represent utilities . constraint pr ←
→ spatial pyramid convolutional neural network for social event detection in static image ; social event detection in a static image is a very challenging problem and it ' s very useful for internet of things applications including automatic photo organization , ads recommender system , or image captioning . several publications show that variety of objects , scene , and people can be very ambiguous for the system to decide the event that occurs in the image . we proposed the spatial pyramid configuration of convol ←
→ sparse q - learning with mirror descent ; this paper explores a new framework for reinforcement learning based on online convex optimization , in particular mirror descent and related algorithms . mirror descent can be viewed as an enhanced gradient method , particularly suited to minimization of convex functions in highdimensional spaces . unlike traditional gradient methods , mirror descent undertakes gradient updates of weights in both the dual space and primal space , which are linked together using a legendre ←
→ the random forest kernel and other kernels for big data from random partitions ; we present random partition kernels , a new class of kernels derived by demonstrating a natural connection between random partitions of objects and kernels between those objects . we show how the construction can be used to create kernels from methods that would not normally be viewed as random partitions , such as random forest . to demonstrate the potential of this method , we propose two new kernels , the random forest kernel an ←
→ a parallel sampling based clustering ; the problem of automatically clustering data is an age old problem . people have created numerous algorithms to tackle this problem . the execution time of any of this algorithm grows with the number of input points and the number of cluster centers required . to reduce the number of input points we could average the points locally and use the means or the local centers as the input for clustering . however since the required number of local centers is very high , running t ←
→ a generalized language model as the combination of skipped n - grams and modified kneser - ney smoothing ; we introduce a novel approach for building language models based on a systematic , recursive exploration of skip n - gram models which are interpolated using modified kneser - ney smoothing . our approach generalizes language models as it contains the classical interpolation with lower order models as a special case . in this paper we motivate , formalize and present our approach . in an extensive empirical exper ←
→ aggregated channels network for real - time pedestrian detection ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have demonstrated their superiority in numerous computer vision tasks , yet their computational cost results prohibitive for many real - time applications such as pedestrian detection which is usually performed on low - consumption hardware . in order to alleviate this drawback , most strategies focus on using a two - stage cascade approach . essentially , in the first stage a fast method generates a significant but r ←
→ a tutorial on modeling and inference in undirected graphical models for hyperspectral image analysis ; undirected graphical models have been successfully used to jointly model the spatial and the spectral dependencies in earth observing hyperspectral images . they produce less noisy , smooth , and spatially coherent land cover maps and give top accuracies on many datasets . moreover , they can easily be combined with other state - of - the - art approaches , such as deep learning . this has made them an essential tool ←
→ a statistical perspective on randomized sketching for ordinary least - squares ; we consider statistical as well as algorithmic aspects of solving large - scale least - squares ( ls ) problems using randomized sketching algorithms . for a ls problem with input data $( x , y ) \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ n \ times p } \ times \ mathbb { r }^ n $, sketching algorithms use a sketching matrix , $ s \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ r \ times n }$ with $ r \ ll n $. then , rather than solving the ls problem using the full data $( x , y )$, sketching algorithms solve the ls ←
→ diving deep into sentiment : understanding fine - tuned cnns for visual sentiment prediction ; visual media are powerful means of expressing emotions and sentiments . the constant generation of new content in social networks highlights the need of automated visual sentiment analysis tools . while convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have established a new state - of - the - art in several vision problems , their application to the task of sentiment analysis is mostly unexplored and there are few studies regarding how ←
→ object - based world modeling in semi - static environments with dependent dirichlet - process mixtures ; to accomplish tasks in human - centric indoor environments , robots need to represent and understand the world in terms of objects and their attributes . we refer to this attribute - based representation as a world model , and consider how to acquire it via noisy perception and maintain it over time , as objects are added , changed , and removed in the world . previous work has framed this as multiple - target tracking ←
→ maximum likelihood estimation of a finite mixture of logistic regression models in a continuous data stream ; in marketing we are often confronted with a continuous stream of responses to marketing messages . such streaming data provide invaluable information regarding message effectiveness and segmentation . however , streaming data are hard to analyze using conventional methods : their high volume and the fact that they are continuously augmented means that it takes considerable time to analyze them . we pro ←
→ deep learning based supervised semantic segmentation of electron cryo - subtomograms ; cellular electron cryo - tomography ( cect ) is a powerful imaging technique for the 3d visualization of cellular structure and organization at submolecular resolution . it enables analyzing the native structures of macromolecular complexes and their spatial organization inside single cells . however , due to the high degree of structural complexity and practical imaging limitations , systematic macromolecular structural recovery ←
→ a non parametric model for the forecasting of the venezuelan oil prices ; a neural net model for forecasting the prices of venezuelan crude oil is proposed . the inputs of the neural net are selected by reference to a dynamic system model of oil prices by mashayekhi ( 1995 , 2001 ) and its performance is evaluated using two criteria : the excess profitability test by anatoliev and gerko ( 2005 ) and the characteristics of the equity curve generated by a trading strategy based on the neural net predictions . -----←
→ neural multi - step reasoning for question answering on semi - structured tables ; advances in natural language processing tasks have gained momentum in recent years due to the increasingly popular neural network methods . in this paper , we explore deep learning techniques for answering multi - step reasoning questions that operate on semi - structured tables . challenges here arise from the level of logical compositionality expressed by questions , as well as the domain openness . our approach is weakly supervised , ←
→ why adaptively collected data have negative bias and how to correct for it ; from scientific experiments to online a / b testing , the previously observed data often affects how future experiments are performed , which in turn affects which data will be collected . such adaptivity introduces complex correlations between the data and the collection procedure . in this paper , we prove that when the data collection procedure satisfies natural conditions , then sample means of the data have systematic \ emph { negative ←
→ disa at imageclef 2014 revised : search - based image annotation with decaf features ; this paper constitutes an extension to the report on disa - mu team participation in the imageclef 2014 scalable concept image annotation task as published in [ 3 ]. specifically , we introduce a new similarity search component that was implemented into the system , report on the results achieved by utilizing this component , and analyze the influence of different similarity search parameters on the annotation quality .←
→ efficient dictionary learning with sparseness - enforcing projections ; learning dictionaries suitable for sparse coding instead of using engineered bases has proven effective in a variety of image processing tasks . this paper studies the optimization of dictionaries on image data where the representation is enforced to be explicitly sparse with respect to a smooth , normalized sparseness measure . this involves the computation of euclidean projections onto level sets of the sparseness measure . while previous a ←
→ f - formation detection : individuating free - standing conversational groups in images ; detection of groups of interacting people is a very interesting and useful task in many modern technologies , with application fields spanning from video - surveillance to social robotics . in this paper we first furnish a rigorous definition of group considering the background of the social sciences : this allows us to specify many kinds of group , so far neglected in the computer vision literature . on top of this taxonomy , we ←
→# exploration : a study of count - based exploration for deep reinforcement learning ; count - based exploration algorithms are known to perform near - optimally when used in conjunction with tabular reinforcement learning ( rl ) methods for solving small discrete markov decision processes ( mdps ). it is generally thought that count - based methods cannot be applied in high - dimensional state spaces , since most states will only occur once . recent deep rl exploration strategies are able to deal with high - dimensional con ←
→ non - rigid 3d shape registration using an adaptive template ; we present a new fully - automatic non - rigid 3d shape registration ( morphing ) framework comprising ( 1 ) a new 3d landmarking and pose normalisation method ; ( 2 ) an adaptive shape template method to accelerate the convergence of registration algorithms and achieve a better final shape correspondence and ( 3 ) a new iterative registration method that combines iterative closest points with coherent point drift ( cpd ) to achieve a more stable and accurate co ←
→ bangla word clustering based on tri - gram , 4 - gram and 5 - gram language model ; in this paper , we describe a research method that generates bangla word clusters on the basis of relating to meaning in language and contextual similarity . the importance of word clustering is in parts of speech ( pos ) tagging , word sense disambiguation , text classification , recommender system , spell checker , grammar checker , knowledge discover and for many others natural language processing ( nlp ) applications . in the history of w ←
→ evaluating the robustness of learning from implicit feedback ; this paper evaluates the robustness of learning from implicit feedback in web search . in particular , we create a model of user behavior by drawing upon user studies in laboratory and real - world settings . the model is used to understand the effect of user behavior on the performance of a learning algorithm for ranked retrieval . we explore a wide range of possible user behaviors and find that learning from implicit feedback can be surprisingly rob ←
→ a detailed rubric for motion segmentation ; motion segmentation is currently an active area of research in computer vision . the task of comparing different methods of motion segmentation is complicated by the fact that researchers may use subtly different definitions of the problem . questions such as " which objects are moving ?", " what is background ?", and " how can we use motion of the camera to segment objects , whether they are static or moving ?" are clearly related to each other , but lead to different algo ←
→ a self - taught artificial agent for multi - physics computational model personalization ; personalization is the process of fitting a model to patient data , a critical step towards application of multi - physics computational models in clinical practice . designing robust personalization algorithms is often a tedious , time - consuming , model - and data - specific process . we propose to use artificial intelligence concepts to learn this task , inspired by how human experts manually perform it . the problem is reformula ←
→ concentration - based guarantees for low - rank matrix reconstruction ; we consider the problem of approximately reconstructing a partially - observed , approximately low - rank matrix . this problem has received much attention lately , mostly using the trace - norm as a surrogate to the rank . here we study low - rank matrix reconstruction using both the trace - norm , as well as the less - studied max - norm , and present reconstruction guarantees based on existing analysis on the rademacher complexity of the unit balls of these ←
→ semantic measures for the comparison of units of language , concepts or instances from text and knowledge base analysis ; semantic measures are widely used today to estimate the strength of the semantic relationship between elements of various types : units of language ( e . g ., words , sentences , documents ), concepts or even instances semantically characterized ( e . g ., diseases , genes , geographical locations ). semantic measures play an important role to compare such elements according to semantic proxies : texts ←
→ stochastic collapsed variational bayesian inference for latent dirichlet allocation ; in the internet era there has been an explosion in the amount of digital text information available , leading to difficulties of scale for traditional inference algorithms for topic models . recent advances in stochastic variational inference algorithms for latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) have made it feasible to learn topic models on large - scale corpora , but these methods do not currently take full advantage of the coll ←
→ weighted low - rank tensor recovery for hyperspectral image restoration ; hyperspectral imaging , providing abundant spatial and spectral information simultaneously , has attracted a lot of interest in recent years . unfortunately , due to the hardware limitations , the hyperspectral image ( hsi ) is vulnerable to various degradations , such noises ( random noise , hsi denoising ), blurs ( gaussian and uniform blur , hsi deblurring ), and down - sampled ( both spectral and spatial downsample , hsi super - resolution ). previous h ←
→ emtagger : a word embedding based novel method for hashtag recommendation on twitter ; the hashtag recommendation problem addresses recommending ( suggesting ) one or more hashtags to explicitly tag a post made on a given social network platform , based upon the content and context of the post . in this work , we propose a novel methodology for hashtag recommendation for microblog posts , specifically twitter . the methodology , emtagger , is built upon a training - testing framework that builds on the top of the con ←
→ improved asynchronous parallel optimization analysis for stochastic incremental methods ; as datasets continue to increase in size and multi - core computer architectures are developed , asynchronous parallel optimization algorithms become more and more essential to the field of machine learning . unfortunately , conducting the theoretical analysis asynchronous methods is difficult , notably due to the introduction of delay and inconsistency in inherently sequential algorithms . handling these issues often requi ←
→ planning with preferences using logic programming ; we present a declarative language , pp , for the high - level specification of preferences between possible solutions ( or trajectories ) of a planning problem . this novel language allows users to elegantly express non - trivial , multi - dimensional preferences and priorities over such preferences . the semantics of pp allows the identification of most preferred trajectories for a given goal . we also provide an answer set programming implementation of planning proble ←
→ faq - based question answering via word alignment ; in this paper , we propose a novel word - alignment - based method to solve the faq - based question answering task . first , we employ a neural network model to calculate question similarity , where the word alignment between two questions is used for extracting features . second , we design a bootstrap - based feature extraction method to extract a small set of effective lexical features . third , we propose a learning - to - rank algorithm to train parameters more suitable f ←
→ the generalized pignistic transformation ; this paper presents in detail the generalized pignistic transformation ( gpt ) succinctly developed in the dezert - smarandache theory ( dsmt ) framework as a tool for decision process . the gpt allows to provide a subjective probability measure from any generalized basic belief assignment given by any corpus of evidence . we mainly focus our presentation on the 3d case and provide the complete result obtained by the gpt and its validation drawn from the probability theory ←
→ rank centrality : ranking from pair - wise comparisons ; the question of aggregating pair - wise comparisons to obtain a global ranking over a collection of objects has been of interest for a very long time : be it ranking of online gamers ( e . g . msr ' s trueskill system ) and chess players , aggregating social opinions , or deciding which product to sell based on transactions . in most settings , in addition to obtaining a ranking , finding ` scores ' for each object ( e . g . player ' s rating ) is of interest for understanding ←
→ a simple approach to sparse clustering ; consider the problem of sparse clustering , where it is assumed that only a subset of the features are useful for clustering purposes . in the framework of the cosa method of friedman and meulman , subsequently improved in the form of the sparse k - means method of witten and tibshirani , a natural and simpler hill - climbing approach is introduced . the new method is shown to be competitive with these two methods and others .←
→ a new rational algorithm for view updating in relational databases ; the dynamics of belief and knowledge is one of the major components of any autonomous system that should be able to incorporate new pieces of information . in order to apply the rationality result of belief dynamics theory to various practical problems , it should be generalized in two respects : first it should allow a certain part of belief to be declared as immutable ; and second , the belief state need not be deductively closed . such a gene ←
→ evolutionary robotics on the web with webgl and javascript ; web - based applications are highly accessible to users , providing rich , interactive content while eliminating the need to install software locally . however , evolutionary robotics ( er ) has faced challenges in this domain as web - based technologies have not been amenable to 3d physics simulations . traditionally , physics - based simulations require a local installation and a high degree of user knowledge to configure an environment , but the emergence of ←
→ multi - image semantic matching by mining consistent features ; this work proposes a multi - image matching method to estimate semantic correspondences across multiple images . in contrast to the previous methods that optimize all pairwise correspondences , the proposed method identifies and matches only a sparse set of reliable features in the image collection . in this way , the proposed method is able to prune nonrepeatable features and also highly scalable to handle thousands of images . we additionally propose ←
→ quantum predictive learning and communication complexity with single input ; we define a new model of quantum learning that we call predictive quantum ( pq ). this is a quantum analogue of pac , where during the testing phase the student is only required to answer a polynomial number of testing queries . we demonstrate a relational concept class that is efficiently learnable in pq , while in any " reasonable " classical model exponential amount of training data would be required . this is the first unconditiona ←
→ peekaboo - where are the objects ? structure adjusting superpixels ; this paper addresses the search for a fast and meaningful image segmentation in the context of $ k $- means clustering . the proposed method builds on a widely - used local version of lloyd ' s algorithm , called simple linear iterative clustering ( slic ). we propose an algorithm which extends slic to dynamically adjust the local search , adopting superpixel resolution dynamically to structure existent in the image , and thus provides for more meaningf ←
→ efficient protocols for distributed classification and optimization ; in distributed learning , the goal is to perform a learning task over data distributed across multiple nodes with minimal ( expensive ) communication . prior work ( daume iii et al ., 2012 ) proposes a general model that bounds the communication required for learning classifiers while allowing for $\ eps $ training error on linearly separable data adversarially distributed across nodes . in this work , we develop key improvements and extensions to ←
→ efficient representations for life - long learning and autoencoding ; it has been a long - standing goal in machine learning , as well as in ai more generally , to develop life - long learning systems that learn many different tasks over time , and reuse insights from tasks learned , " learning to learn " as they do so . in this work we pose and provide efficient algorithms for several natural theoretical formulations of this goal . specifically , we consider the problem of learning many different target functions over ti ←
→ efficient sparse group feature selection via nonconvex optimization ; sparse feature selection has been demonstrated to be effective in handling high - dimensional data . while promising , most of the existing works use convex methods , which may be suboptimal in terms of the accuracy of feature selection and parameter estimation . in this paper , we expand a nonconvex paradigm to sparse group feature selection , which is motivated by applications that require identifying the underlying group structure and performi ←
→ recurrent neural network - based sentence encoder with gated attention for natural language inference ; the repeval 2017 shared task aims to evaluate natural language understanding models for sentence representation , in which a sentence is represented as a fixed - length vector with neural networks and the quality of the representation is tested with a natural language inference task . this paper describes our system ( alpha ) that is ranked among the top in the shared task , on both the in - domain test set ( obtai ←
→ planning with incomplete information ; planning is a natural domain of application for frameworks of reasoning about actions and change . in this paper we study how one such framework , the language e , can form the basis for planning under ( possibly ) incomplete information . we define two types of plans : weak and safe plans , and propose a planner , called the e - planner , which is often able to extend an initial weak plan into a safe plan even though the ( explicit ) information available is incomplete , e . g . for ca ←
→ a pragmatic theory of generic language ; generalizations about categories are central to human understanding , and generic language ( e . g . " dogs bark .") provides a simple and ubiquitous way to communicate these generalizations . yet the meaning of generic language is philosophically puzzling and has resisted precise formalization . we explore the idea that the core meaning of a generic sentence is simple but underspecified , and that general principles of pragmatic reasoning are responsible for establishing the ←
→ learning by association - a versatile semi - supervised training method for neural networks ; in many real - world scenarios , labeled data for a specific machine learning task is costly to obtain . semi - supervised training methods make use of abundantly available unlabeled data and a smaller number of labeled examples . we propose a new framework for semi - supervised training of deep neural networks inspired by learning in humans . " associations " are made from embeddings of labeled samples to those of unlabeled o ←
→ a statistical approach to increase classification accuracy in supervised learning algorithms ; probabilistic mixture models have been widely used for different machine learning and pattern recognition tasks such as clustering , dimensionality reduction , and classification . in this paper , we focus on trying to solve the most common challenges related to supervised learning algorithms by using mixture probability distribution functions . with this modeling strategy , we identify sub - labels and generate synthet ←
→ transfer learning for low - resource neural machine translation ; the encoder - decoder framework for neural machine translation ( nmt ) has been shown effective in large data scenarios , but is much less effective for low - resource languages . we present a transfer learning method that significantly improves bleu scores across a range of low - resource languages . our key idea is to first train a high - resource language pair ( the parent model ), then transfer some of the learned parameters to the low - resource pair ( the ←
→ distributed parameter map - reduce ; this paper describes how to convert a machine learning problem into a series of map - reduce tasks . we study logistic regression algorithm . in logistic regression algorithm , it is assumed that samples are independent and each sample is assigned a probability . parameters are obtained by maxmizing the product of all sample probabilities . rapid expansion of training samples brings challenges to machine learning method . training samples are so many that they can be only stored i ←
→ application of support vector machine modeling and graph theory metrics for disease classification ; disease classification is a crucial element of biomedical research . recent studies have demonstrated that machine learning techniques , such as support vector machine ( svm ) modeling , produce similar or improved predictive capabilities in comparison to the traditional method of logistic regression . in addition , it has been found that social network metrics can provide useful predictive information for diseas ←
→ an efficient minibatch acceptance test for metropolis - hastings ; we present a novel metropolis - hastings method for large datasets that uses small expected - size minibatches of data . previous work on reducing the cost of metropolis - hastings tests yield variable data consumed per sample , with only constant factor reductions versus using the full dataset for each sample . here we present a method that can be tuned to provide arbitrarily small batch sizes , by adjusting either proposal step size or temperature . ou ←
→ natural neural networks ; we introduce natural neural networks , a novel family of algorithms that speed up convergence by adapting their internal representation during training to improve conditioning of the fisher matrix . in particular , we show a specific example that employs a simple and efficient reparametrization of the neural network weights by implicitly whitening the representation obtained at each layer , while preserving the feed - forward computation of the network . such networks can be trained effic ←
→ sur le statut référentiel des entités nommées ; we show in this paper that , on the one hand , named entities can be designated using different denominations and that , on the second hand , names denoting named entities are polysemous . the analysis cannot be limited to reference resolution but should take into account naming strategies , which are mainly based on two linguistic operations : synecdoche and metonymy . lastly , we present a model that explicitly represents the different denominations in discourse , uni ←
→ photometric catalogue of quasars and other point sources in the sloan digital sky survey ; we present a catalogue of about 6 million unresolved photometric detections in the sloan digital sky survey seventh data release classifying them into stars , galaxies and quasars . we use a machine learning classifier trained on a subset of spectroscopically confirmed objects from 14th to 22nd magnitude in the sdss {\ it i }- band . our catalogue consists of 2 , 430 , 625 quasars , 3 , 544 , 036 stars and 63 , 586 unresolved galaxi ←
→ real - time burst photo selection using a light - head adversarial network ; we present an automatic moment capture system that runs in real - time on mobile cameras . the system is designed to run in the viewfinder mode and capture a burst sequence of frames before and after the shutter is pressed . for each frame , the system predicts in real - time a " goodness " score , based on which the best moment in the burst can be selected immediately after the shutter is released , without any user interference . to solve the pr ←
→ candy : conditional adversarial networks based fully end - to - end system for single image haze removal ; single image haze removal is a very challenging and ill - posed problem . the existing haze removal methods in literature , including the recently introduced deep learning methods , model the problem of haze removal as that of estimating intermediate parameters , viz ., scene transmission map and atmospheric light . these are used to compute the haze - free image from the hazy input image . such an approach only foc ←
→ data - driven random fourier features using stein effect ; large - scale kernel approximation is an important problem in machine learning research . approaches using random fourier features have become increasingly popular [ rahimi and recht , 2007 ], where kernel approximation is treated as empirical mean estimation via monte carlo ( mc ) or quasi - monte carlo ( qmc ) integration [ yang et al ., 2014 ]. a limitation of the current approaches is that all the features receive an equal weight summing to 1 . in this paper , we ←
→ an analysis of iso 26262 : using machine learning safely in automotive software ; machine learning ( ml ) plays an ever - increasing role in advanced automotive functionality for driver assistance and autonomous operation ; however , its adequacy from the perspective of safety certification remains controversial . in this paper , we analyze the impacts that the use of ml as an implementation approach has on iso 26262 safety lifecycle and ask what could be done to address them . we then provide a set of recommendati ←
→ efficient iterative policy optimization ; we tackle the issue of finding a good policy when the number of policy updates is limited . this is done by approximating the expected policy reward as a sequence of concave lower bounds which can be efficiently maximized , drastically reducing the number of policy updates required to achieve good performance . we also extend existing methods to negative rewards , enabling the use of control variates .←
→ improving network robustness against adversarial attacks with compact convolution ; though convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have surpassed human - level performance on tasks such as object classification and face verification , they can easily be fooled by adversarial attacks . these attacks add a small perturbation to the input image that causes the network to mis - classify the sample . in this paper , we focus on neutralizing adversarial attacks by exploring the effect of different loss functions such as c ←
→ person re - identification using visual attention ; despite recent attempts for solving the person re - identification problem , it remains a challenging task since a person ' s appearance can vary significantly when large variations in view angle , human pose and illumination are involved . the concept of attention is one of the most interesting recent architectural innovations in neural networks . inspired by that , in this paper we propose a novel approach based on using a gradient - based attention mechanism in deep ←
→ residual networks of residual networks : multilevel residual networks ; a residual - networks family with hundreds or even thousands of layers dominates major image recognition tasks , but building a network by simply stacking residual blocks inevitably limits its optimization ability . this paper proposes a novel residual - network architecture , residual networks of residual networks ( ror ), to dig the optimization ability of residual networks . ror substitutes optimizing residual mapping of residual mapping for op ←
→ transparency by design : closing the gap between performance and interpretability in visual reasoning ; visual question answering requires high - order reasoning about an image , which is a fundamental capability needed by machine systems to follow complex directives . recently , modular networks have been shown to be an effective framework for performing visual reasoning tasks . while modular networks were initially designed with a degree of model transparency , their performance on complex visual reasoning benc ←
→ proceedings of the third " international traveling workshop on interactions between sparse models and technology " ( itwist ' 16 ) ; the third edition of the " international - traveling workshop on interactions between sparse models and technology " ( itwist ) took place in aalborg , the 4th largest city in denmark situated beautifully in the northern part of the country , from the 24th to 26th of august 2016 . the workshop venue was at the aalborg university campus . one implicit objective of this biennial workshop is ←
→ message passing for quantified boolean formulas ; we introduce two types of message passing algorithms for quantified boolean formulas ( qbf ). the first type is a message passing based heuristics that can prove unsatisfiability of the qbf by assigning the universal variables in such a way that the remaining formula is unsatisfiable . in the second type , we use message passing to guide branching heuristics of a davis - putnam logemann - loveland ( dpll ) complete solver . numerical experiments show that on random qbf ←
→ conjunction and negation of natural concepts : a quantum - theoretic modeling ; we perform two experiments with the aim to investigate the effects of negation on the combination of natural concepts . in the first experiment , we test the membership weights of a list of exemplars with respect to two concepts , e . g ., {\ it fruits } and {\ it vegetables }, and their conjunction {\ it fruits and vegetables }. in the second experiment , we test the membership weights of the same list of exemplars with respect to the same t ←
→ deeply supervised neural network with short connections for retinal vessel segmentation ; the condition of vessel of the human eye is a fundamental factor for the diagnosis of ophthalmological diseases . vessel segmentation in fundus image is a challenging task due to low contrast , the presence of microaneurysms and hemorrhages . in this paper , we present a multi - scale and multi - level deeply supervised convolutional neural network with short connections for vessel segmentation . we use short connections to t ←
→ memcomputing and swarm intelligence ; we explore the relation between memcomputing , namely computing with and in memory , and swarm intelligence algorithms . in particular , we show that one can design memristive networks to solve short - path optimization problems that can also be solved by ant - colony algorithms . by employing appropriate memristive elements one can demonstrate an almost one - to - one correspondence between memcomputing and ant colony optimization approaches . however , the memristive network has the ←
→ on the optimality of tree - reweighted max - product message - passing ; tree - reweighted max - product ( trw ) message passing is a modified form of the ordinary max - product algorithm for attempting to find minimal energy configurations in markov random field with cycles . for a trw fixed point satisfying the strong tree agreement condition , the algorithm outputs a configuration that is provably optimal . in this paper , we focus on the case of binary variables with pairwise couplings , and establish stronger properties ←
→ learning gaussian graphical models using discriminated hub graphical lasso ; we develop a new method called discriminated hub graphical lasso ( dhgl ) based on hub graphical lasso ( hgl ) by providing prior information of hubs . we apply this new method in two situations : with known hubs and without known hubs . then we compare dhgl with hgl using several measures of performance . when some hubs are known , we can always estimate the precision matrix better via dhgl than hgl . when no hubs are known , we use graphi ←
→ multi - agent reinforcement learning and genetic policy sharing ; the effects of policy sharing between agents in a multi - agent dynamical system has not been studied extensively . i simulate a system of agents optimizing the same task using reinforcement learning , to study the effects of different population densities and policy sharing . i demonstrate that sharing policies decreases the time to reach asymptotic behavior , and results in improved asymptotic behavior .←
→ towards effective sentence simplification for automatic processing of biomedical text ; the complexity of sentences characteristic to biomedical articles poses a challenge to natural language parsers , which are typically trained on large - scale corpora of non - technical text . we propose a text simplification process , biosimplify , that seeks to reduce the complexity of sentences in biomedical abstracts in order to improve the performance of syntactic parsers on the processed sentences . syntactic parsing is t ←
→ randomized iterative reconstruction for sparse view x - ray computed tomography ; with the availability of more powerful computers , iterative reconstruction algorithms are the subject of an ongoing work in the design of more efficient reconstruction algorithms for x - ray computed tomography . in this work , we show how two analytical reconstruction algorithms can be improved by correcting the corresponding reconstructions using a randomized iterative reconstruction algorithm . the combined analytical reconstruc ←
→ building a robust sentiment lexicon with ( almost ) no resource ; creating sentiment polarity lexicons is labor intensive . automatically translating them from resourceful languages requires in - domain machine translation systems , which rely on large quantities of bi - texts . in this paper , we propose to replace machine translation by transferring words from the lexicon through word embeddings aligned across languages with a simple linear transform . the approach leads to no degradation , compared to machine transl ←
→ fast low - rank matrix learning with nonconvex regularization ; low - rank modeling has a lot of important applications in machine learning , computer vision and social network analysis . while the matrix rank is often approximated by the convex nuclear norm , the use of nonconvex low - rank regularizers has demonstrated better recovery performance . however , the resultant optimization problem is much more challenging . a very recent state - of - the - art is based on the proximal gradient algorithm . however , it requires an ←
→ bayesian consensus clustering ; the task of clustering a set of objects based on multiple sources of data arises in several modern applications . we propose an integrative statistical model that permits a separate clustering of the objects for each data source . these separate clusterings adhere loosely to an overall consensus clustering , and hence they are not independent . we describe a computationally scalable bayesian framework for simultaneous estimation of both the consensus clustering and the source - spe ←
→ feature distillation : dnn - oriented jpeg compression against adversarial examples ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have achieved remarkable performance in a myriad of realistic applications . however , recent studies show that well - trained dnns can be easily misled by adversarial examples ( ae ) -- the maliciously crafted inputs by introducing small and imperceptible input perturbations . existing mitigation solutions , such as adversarial training and defensive distillation , suffer from expensive retraining cost a ←
→ towards universal representation for unseen action recognition ; unseen action recognition ( uar ) aims to recognise novel action categories without training examples . while previous methods focus on inner - dataset seen / unseen splits , this paper proposes a pipeline using a large - scale training source to achieve a universal representation ( ur ) that can generalise to a more realistic cross - dataset uar ( cd - uar ) scenario . we first address uar as a generalised multiple - instance learning ( gmil ) problem and discover ←
→ scalable dense non - rigid structure - from - motion : a grassmannian perspective ; this paper addresses the task of dense non - rigid structure from motion ( nrsfm ) using multiple images . state - of - the - art methods to this problem are often hurdled by scalability , expensive computations , and noisy measurements . further , recent methods to nrsfm usually either assume a small number of sparse feature points or ignore local non - linearities of shape deformations , and thus cannot reliably model complex non - rigid deformati ←
→ polynomial expansion of the binary classification function ; this paper describes a novel method to approximate the polynomial coefficients of regression functions , with particular interest on multi - dimensional classification . the derivation is simple , and offers a fast , robust classification technique that is resistant to over - fitting .←
→ compressive imaging using approximate message passing and a markov - tree prior ; we propose a novel algorithm for compressive imaging that exploits both the sparsity and persistence across scales found in the 2d wavelet transform coefficients of natural images . like other recent works , we model wavelet structure using a hidden markov tree ( hmt ) but , unlike other works , ours is based on loopy belief propagation ( lbp ). for lbp , we adopt a recently proposed " turbo " message passing schedule that alternates bet ←
→ on overfitting and asymptotic bias in batch reinforcement learning with partial observability ; this paper stands in the context of reinforcement learning with partial observability and limited data . in this setting , we focus on the tradeoff between asymptotic bias ( suboptimality with unlimited data ) and overfitting ( additional suboptimality due to limited data ), and theoretically show that while potentially increasing the asymptotic bias , a smaller state representation decreases the risk of overfitting . ←
→ the chan - vese algorithm ; segmentation is the process of partitioning a digital image into multiple segments ( sets of pixels ). such common segmentation tasks including segmenting written text or segmenting tumors from healthy brain tissue in an mri image , etc . chan - vese model for active contours is a powerful and flexible method which is able to segment many types of images , including some that would be quite difficult to segment in means of " classical " segmentation - i . e ., using thresholding or gradient ba ←
→ recurrent neural network based part - of - speech tagger for code - mixed social media text ; this paper describes centre for development of advanced computing ' s ( cdacm ) submission to the shared task -' tool contest on pos tagging for code - mixed indian social media ( facebook , twitter , and whatsapp ) text ', collocated with icon - 2016 . the shared task was to predict part of speech ( pos ) tag at word level for a given text . the code - mixed text is generated mostly on social media by multilingual users . the presence of t ←
→ optimizing expectation with guarantees in pomdps ( technical report ) ; a standard objective in partially - observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) is to find a policy that maximizes the expected discounted - sum payoff . however , such policies may still permit unlikely but highly undesirable outcomes , which is problematic especially in safety - critical applications . recently , there has been a surge of interest in pomdps where the goal is to maximize the probability to ensure that the payoff is at least a giv ←
→ parallel multi - dimensional lstm , with application to fast biomedical volumetric image segmentation ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) can be shifted across 2d images or 3d videos to segment them . they have a fixed input size and typically perceive only small local contexts of the pixels to be classified as foreground or background . in contrast , multi - dimensional recurrent nns ( md - rnns ) can perceive the entire spatio - temporal context of each pixel in a few sweeps through all pixels , especially when the ←
→ cnn features are also great at unsupervised classification ; this paper aims at providing insight on the transferability of deep cnn features to unsupervised problems . we study the impact of different pretrained cnn feature extractors on the problem of image set clustering for object classification as well as fine - grained classification . we propose a rather straightforward pipeline combining deep - feature extraction using a cnn pretrained on imagenet and a classic clustering algorithm to classify sets of ima ←
→ efficient sum of outer products dictionary learning ( soup - dil ) - the $\ ell_0 $ method ; the sparsity of natural signals and images in a transform domain or dictionary has been extensively exploited in several applications such as compression , denoising and inverse problems . more recently , data - driven adaptation of synthesis dictionaries has shown promise in many applications compared to fixed or analytical dictionary models . however , dictionary learning problems are typically non - convex and np - hard , and th ←
→ using the dempster - shafer scheme in a diagnostic expert system shell ; this paper discusses an expert system shell that integrates rule - based reasoning and the dempster - shafer evidence combination scheme . domain knowledge is stored as rules with associated belief functions . the reasoning component uses a combination of forward and backward inferencing mechanisms to allow interaction with users in a mixed - initiative format .←
→ deep convolutional neural networks for interpretable analysis of eeg sleep stage scoring ; sleep studies are important for diagnosing sleep disorders such as insomnia , narcolepsy or sleep apnea . they rely on manual scoring of sleep stages from raw polisomnography signals , which is a tedious visual task requiring the workload of highly trained professionals . consequently , research efforts to purse for an automatic stage scoring based on machine learning techniques have been carried out over the last years .←
→ a robust autoassociative memory with coupled networks of kuramoto - type oscillators ; uncertain recognition success , unfavorable scaling of connection complexity or dependence on complex external input impair the usefulness of current oscillatory neural networks for pattern recognition or restrict technical realizations to small networks . we propose a new network architecture of coupled oscillators for pattern recognition which shows none of the mentioned aws . furthermore we illustrate the recognition proc ←
→ an optimal bayesian network based solution scheme for the constrained stochastic on - line equi - partitioning problem ; a number of intriguing decision scenarios revolve around partitioning a collection of objects to optimize some application specific objective function . this problem is generally referred to as the object partitioning problem ( opp ) and is known to be np - hard . we here consider a particularly challenging version of opp , namely , the stochastic on - line equi - partitioning problem ( so - epp ). in so - e ←
→ generalised object detection and semantic analysis : casino example using matlab ; matlab version 7 . 1 had been used to detect playing cards on a casino table and the suits and ranks of these cards had been identified . the process gives an example of an application of computer vision to a problem where rectangular objects are to be detected and the information content of the objects are extracted out . in the case of playing cards , it is the suit and rank of each card . the image processing system is done in ←
→ alcn : meta - learning for contrast normalization applied to robust 3d pose estimation ; to be robust to illumination changes when detecting objects in images , the current trend is to train a deep network with training images captured under many different lighting conditions . unfortunately , creating such a training set is very cumbersome , or sometimes even impossible , for some applications such as 3d pose estimation of specific objects , which is the application we focus on in this paper . we therefore propose ←
→ understanding physics from interconnected data ; metal melting on release after explosion is a physical system far from quilibrium . a complete physical model of this system does not exist , because many interrelated effects have to be considered . general methodology needs to be developed so as to describe and understand physical phenomena involved . the high noise of the data , moving blur of images , the high degree of uncertainty due to the different types of sensors , and the information entangled and hidde ←
→ interleaved text / image deep mining on a large - scale radiology database for automated image interpretation ; despite tremendous progress in computer vision , there has not been an attempt for machine learning on very large - scale medical image databases . we present an interleaved text / image deep learning system to extract and mine the semantic interactions of radiology images and reports from a national research hospital ' s picture archiving and communication system . with natural language processing , we mine ←
→ cnn is all you need ; the convolution neural network ( cnn ) has demonstrated the unique advantage in audio , image and text learning ; recently it has also challenged recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) with long short - term memory cells ( lstm ) in sequence - to - sequence learning , since the computations involved in cnn are easily parallelizable whereas those involved in rnn are mostly sequential , leading to a performance bottleneck . however , unlike rnn , the native cnn lacks the history sensitivity required for sequen ←
→ probabilistic combination of noisy points and planes for rgb - d odometry ; this work proposes a visual odometry method that combines points and plane primitives , extracted from a noisy depth camera . depth measurement uncertainty is modelled and propagated through the extraction of geometric primitives to the frame - to - frame motion estimation , where pose is optimized by weighting the residuals of 3d point and planes matches , according to their uncertainties . results on an rgb - d dataset show that the combinatio ←
→ modeling attractiveness and multiple clicks in sponsored search results ; click models are an important tool for leveraging user feedback , and are used by commercial search engines for surfacing relevant search results . however , existing click models are lacking in two aspects . first , they do not share information across search results when computing attractiveness . second , they assume that users interact with the search results sequentially . based on our analysis of the click logs of a commercial search en ←
→ modeling the evolution of gene - culture divergence ; we present a model for evolving agents using both genetic and cultural inheritance mechanisms . within each agent our model maintains two distinct information stores we call the genome and the memome . processes of adaptation are modeled as evolutionary processes at each level of adaptation ( phylogenetic , ontogenetic , sociogenetic ). we review relevant competing models and we show how our model improves on previous attempts to model genetic and cultural evolu ←
→ value - decomposition networks for cooperative multi - agent learning ; we study the problem of cooperative multi - agent reinforcement learning with a single joint reward signal . this class of learning problems is difficult because of the often large combined action and observation spaces . in the fully centralized and decentralized approaches , we find the problem of spurious rewards and a phenomenon we call the " lazy agent " problem , which arises due to partial observability . we address these problems by training ←
→ neural - based noise filtering from word embeddings ; word embeddings have been demonstrated to benefit nlp tasks impressively . yet , there is room for improvement in the vector representations , because current word embeddings typically contain unnecessary information , i . e ., noise . we propose two novel models to improve word embeddings by unsupervised learning , in order to yield word denoising embeddings . the word denoising embeddings are obtained by strengthening salient information and weakening noise in the ←
→ deep unsupervised similarity learning using partially ordered sets ; unsupervised learning of visual similarities is of paramount importance to computer vision , particularly due to lacking training data for fine - grained similarities . deep learning of similarities is often based on relationships between pairs or triplets of samples . many of these relations are unreliable and mutually contradicting , implying inconsistencies when trained without supervision information that relates different tuples or triplets ←
→ the riemannian geometry of deep generative models ; deep generative models learn a mapping from a low dimensional latent space to a high - dimensional data space . under certain regularity conditions , these models parameterize nonlinear manifolds in the data space . in this paper , we investigate the riemannian geometry of these generated manifolds . first , we develop efficient algorithms for computing geodesic curves , which provide an intrinsic notion of distance between points on the manifold . second , we develo ←
→ a hybrid feature selection method to improve performance of a group of classification algorithms ; in this paper a hybrid feature selection method is proposed which takes advantages of wrapper subset evaluation with a lower cost and improves the performance of a group of classifiers . the method uses combination of sample domain filtering and resampling to refine the sample domain and two feature subset evaluation methods to select reliable features . this method utilizes both feature space and sample domai ←
→ optimizing pid parameters with machine learning ; this paper examines the evolutionary programming ( ep ) method for optimizing pid parameters . pid is the most common type of regulator within control theory , partly because it ' s relatively simple and yields stable results for most applications . the p , i and d parameters vary for each application ; therefore , choosing the right parameters is crucial for obtaining good results but also somewhat difficult . ep is a derivative - free optimization algorithm which makes ←
→ cross - lingual dependency parsing for closely related languages - helsinki ' s submission to vardial 2017 ; this paper describes the submission from the university of helsinki to the shared task on cross - lingual dependency parsing at vardial 2017 . we present work on annotation projection and treebank translation that gave good results for all three target languages in the test set . in particular , slovak seems to work well with information coming from the czech treebank , which is in line with related work . th ←
→ binaryrelax : a relaxation approach for training deep neural networks with quantized weights ; we propose binaryrelax , a simple two - phase algorithm , for training deep neural networks with quantized weights . the set constraint that characterizes the quantization of weights is not imposed until the late stage of training , and a sequence of pseudo quantized weights is maintained . specifically , we relax the hard constraint into a continuous regularizer via moreau envelope , which turns out to be the squared euc ←
→ visualisation of survey responses using self - organising maps : a case study on diabetes self - care factors ; due to the chronic nature of diabetes , patient self - care factors play an important role in any treatment plan . in order to understand the behaviour of patients in response to medical advice on self - care , clinicians often conduct cross - sectional surveys . when analysing the survey data , statistical machine learning methods can potentially provide additional insight into the data either through deeper u ←
→ hand gesture recognition for contactless device control in operating rooms ; hand gesture is one of the most important means of touchless communication between human and machines . there is a great interest for commanding electronic equipment in surgery rooms by hand gesture for reducing the time of surgery and the potential for infection . there are challenges in implementation of a hand gesture recognition system . it has to fulfill requirements such as high accuracy and fast response . in this paper we int ←
→ convergence and error bounds for universal prediction of nonbinary sequences ; solomonoff ' s uncomputable universal prediction scheme $\ xi $ allows to predict the next symbol $ x_k $ of a sequence $ x_1 ... x_ { k - 1 }$ for any turing computable , but otherwise unknown , probabilistic environment $\ mu $. this scheme will be generalized to arbitrary environmental classes , which , among others , allows the construction of computable universal prediction schemes $\ xi $. convergence of $\ xi $ to $\ mu $ in a conditional mean squ ←
→ spatio - temporal facial expression recognition using convolutional neural networks and conditional random fields ; automated facial expression recognition ( fer ) has been a challenging task for decades . many of the existing works use hand - crafted features such as lbp , hog , lpq , and histogram of optical flow ( hof ) combined with classifiers such as support vector machines for expression recognition . these methods often require rigorous hyperparameter tuning to achieve good results . recently deep neural networ ←
→ selective transfer learning for cross domain recommendation ; collaborative filtering ( cf ) aims to predict users ' ratings on items according to historical user - item preference data . in many real - world applications , preference data are usually sparse , which would make models overfit and fail to give accurate predictions . recently , several research works show that by transferring knowledge from some manually selected source domains , the data sparseness problem could be mitigated . however for most cases , parts ←
→ dictionary learning strategies for compressed fiber sensing using a probabilistic sparse model ; we present a sparse estimation and dictionary learning framework for compressed fiber sensing based on a probabilistic hierarchical sparse model . to handle severe dictionary coherence , selective shrinkage is achieved using a weibull prior , which can be related to non - convex optimization with $ p $- norm constraints for $ 0 < p < 1 $. in addition , we leverage the specific dictionary structure to promote collective s ←
→ high performance ultra - low - precision convolutions on mobile devices ; many applications of mobile deep learning , especially real - time computer vision workloads , are constrained by computation power . this is particularly true for workloads running on older consumer phones , where a typical device might be powered by a single - or dual - core armv7 cpu . we provide an open - source implementation and a comprehensive analysis of ( to our knowledge ) the state of the art ultra - low - precision (< 4 bit precision ) implementa ←
→ using discretization for extending the set of predictive features ; to date , attribute discretization is typically performed by replacing the original set of continuous features with a transposed set of discrete ones . this paper provides support for a new idea that discretized features should often be used in addition to existing features and as such , datasets should be extended , and not replaced , by discretization . we also claim that discretization algorithms should be developed with the explicit purpose o ←
→ recognizability of individual creative style within and across domains : preliminary studies ; it is hypothesized that creativity arises from the self - mending capacity of an internal model of the world , or worldview . the uniquely honed worldview of a creative individual results in a distinctive style that is recognizable within and across domains . it is further hypothesized that creativity is domaingeneral in the sense that there exist multiple avenues by which the distinctiveness of one ' s worldview can be ←
→ opportunistic self organizing migrating algorithm for real - time dynamic traveling salesman problem ; self organizing migrating algorithm ( soma ) is a meta - heuristic algorithm based on the self - organizing behavior of individuals in a simulated social environment . soma performs iterative computations on a population of potential solutions in the given search space to obtain an optimal solution . in this paper , an opportunistic self organizing migrating algorithm ( osoma ) has been proposed that introduces a nov ←
→ social media text processing and semantic analysis for smart cities ; with the rise of social media , people obtain and share information almost instantly on a 24 / 7 basis . many research areas have tried to gain valuable insights from these large volumes of freely available user generated content . with the goal of extracting knowledge from social media streams that might be useful in the context of intelligent transportation systems and smart cities , we designed and developed a framework that provides funct ←
→ a mathematical programming approach for integrated multiple linear regression subset selection and validation ; subset selection for multiple linear regression aims to construct a regression model that minimizes errors by selecting a small number of explanatory variables . once a model is built , various statistical tests and diagnostics are conducted to validate the model and to determine whether regression assumptions are met . most traditional approaches require human decisions at this step , for example , ←
→ a deep learning approach for joint video frame and reward prediction in atari games ; reinforcement learning is concerned with identifying reward - maximizing behaviour policies in environments that are initially unknown . state - of - the - art reinforcement learning approaches , such as deep q - networks , are model - free and learn to act effectively across a wide range of environments such as atari games , but require huge amounts of data . model - based techniques are more data - efficient , but need to acquire explicit k ←
→ towards predicting the likeability of fashion images ; in this paper , we propose a method for ranking fashion images to find the ones which might be liked by more people . we collect two new datasets from image sharing websites ( pinterest and polyvore ). we represent fashion images based on attributes : semantic attributes and data - driven attributes . to learn semantic attributes from limited training data , we use an algorithm on multi - task convolutional neural networks to share visual knowledge among different ←
→ bandits with heavy tail ; the stochastic multi - armed bandit problem is well understood when the reward distributions are sub - gaussian . in this paper we examine the bandit problem under the weaker assumption that the distributions have moments of order 1 +\ epsilon , for some $\ epsilon \ in ( 0 , 1 ]$. surprisingly , moments of order 2 ( i . e ., finite variance ) are sufficient to obtain regret bounds of the same order as under sub - gaussian reward distributions . in order to achieve such regret , we define sampling strateg ←
→ gray - box inference for structured gaussian process models ; we develop an automated variational inference method for bayesian structured prediction problems with gaussian process ( gp ) priors and linear - chain likelihoods . our approach does not need to know the details of the structured likelihood model and can scale up to a large number of observations . furthermore , we show that the required expected likelihood term and its gradients in the variational objective ( elbo ) can be estimated efficiently by using e ←
→ computational investigation of low - discrepancy sequences in simulation algorithms for bayesian networks ; monte carlo sampling has become a major vehicle for approximate inference in bayesian networks . in this paper , we investigate a family of related simulation approaches , known collectively as quasi - monte carlo methods based on deterministic low - discrepancy sequences . we first outline several theoretical aspects of deterministic low - discrepancy sequences , show three examples of such sequences , and then ←
→ adviser networks : learning what question to ask for human - in - the - loop viewpoint estimation ; humans have an unparalleled visual intelligence and can overcome visual ambiguities that machines currently cannot . recent works have shown that incorporating guidance from humans during inference for monocular viewpoint - estimation can help overcome difficult cases in which the computer - alone would have otherwise failed . these hybrid intelligence approaches are hence gaining traction . however , deciding what questi ←
→ unifying local and global change detection in dynamic networks ; many real - world networks are complex dynamical systems , where both local ( e . g ., changing node attributes ) and global ( e . g ., changing network topology ) processes unfold over time . local dynamics may provoke global changes in the network , and the ability to detect such effects could have profound implications for a number of real - world problems . most existing techniques focus individually on either local or global aspects of the problem or treat ←
→ learning structural changes of gaussian graphical models in controlled experiments ; graphical models are widely used in scienti fic and engineering research to represent conditional independence structures between random variables . in many controlled experiments , environmental changes or external stimuli can often alter the conditional dependence between the random variables , and potentially produce significant structural changes in the corresponding graphical models . therefore , it is of great importance ←
→ most relevant explanation : properties , algorithms , and evaluations ; most relevant explanation ( mre ) is a method for finding multivariate explanations for given evidence in bayesian networks [ 12 ]. this paper studies the theoretical properties of mre and develops an algorithm for finding multiple top mre solutions . our study shows that mre relies on an implicit soft relevance measure in automatically identifying the most relevant target variables and pruning less relevant variables from an explanation . the s ←
→ word sense disambiguation by web mining for word co - occurrence probabilities ; this paper describes the national research council ( nrc ) word sense disambiguation ( wsd ) system , as applied to the english lexical sample ( els ) task in senseval - 3 . the nrc system approaches wsd as a classical supervised machine learning problem , using familiar tools such as the weka machine learning software and brill ' s rule - based part - of - speech tagger . head words are represented as feature vectors with several hundred features ←
→ description of the odin event extraction framework and rule language ; this document describes the odin framework , which is a domain - independent platform for developing rule - based event extraction models . odin aims to be powerful ( the rule language allows the modeling of complex syntactic structures ) and robust ( to recover from syntactic parsing errors , syntactic patterns can be freely mixed with surface , token - based patterns ), while remaining simple ( some domain grammars can be up and running in minutes ), ←
→ perceptual adversarial networks for image - to - image transformation ; in this paper , we propose a principled perceptual adversarial networks ( pan ) for image - to - image transformation tasks . unlike existing application - specific algorithms , pan provides a generic framework of learning mapping relationship between paired images ( fig . 1 ), such as mapping a rainy image to its de - rained counterpart , object edges to its photo , semantic labels to a scenes image , etc . the proposed pan consists of two feed - forward convol ←
→ eelection at semeval - 2017 task 10 : ensemble of neural learners for keyphrase classification ; this paper describes our approach to the semeval 2017 task 10 : " extracting keyphrases and relations from scientific publications ", specifically to subtask ( b ): " classification of identified keyphrases ". we explored three different deep learning approaches : a character - level convolutional neural network ( cnn ), a stacked learner with an mlp meta - classifier , and an attention based bi - lstm . from these approaches , we ←
→ o ( logt ) projections for stochastic optimization of smooth and strongly convex functions ; traditional algorithms for stochastic optimization require projecting the solution at each iteration into a given domain to ensure its feasibility . when facing complex domains , such as positive semi - definite cones , the projection operation can be expensive , leading to a high computational cost per iteration . in this paper , we present a novel algorithm that aims to reduce the number of projections for stochastic optim ←
→ egocentric video description based on temporally - linked sequences ; egocentric vision consists in acquiring images along the day from a first person point - of - view using wearable cameras . the automatic analysis of this information allows to discover daily patterns for improving the quality of life of the user . a natural topic that arises in egocentric vision is storytelling , that is , how to understand and tell the story relying behind the pictures . in this paper , we tackle storytelling as an egocentric seque ←
→ argument strength is in the eye of the beholder : audience effects in persuasion ; americans spend about a third of their time online , with many participating in online conversations on social and political issues . we hypothesize that social media arguments on such issues may be more engaging and persuasive than traditional media summaries , and that particular types of people may be more or less convinced by particular styles of argument , e . g . emotional arguments may resonate with some personalities while ←
→ one - shot and few - shot learning of word embeddings ; standard deep learning systems require thousands or millions of examples to learn a concept , and cannot integrate new concepts easily . by contrast , humans have an incredible ability to do one - shot or few - shot learning . for instance , from just hearing a word used in a sentence , humans can infer a great deal about it , by leveraging what the syntax and semantics of the surrounding words tells us . here , we draw inspiration from this to highlight a simple techn ←
→ mining mid - level features for action recognition based on effective skeleton representation ; recently , mid - level features have shown promising performance in computer vision . mid - level features learned by incorporating class - level information are potentially more discriminative than traditional low - level local features . in this paper , an effective method is proposed to extract mid - level features from kinect skeletons for 3d human action recognition . firstly , the orientations of limbs connected by two ske ←
→ nothing else matters : model - agnostic explanations by identifying prediction invariance ; at the core of interpretable machine learning is the question of whether humans are able to make accurate predictions about a model ' s behavior . assumed in this question are three properties of the interpretable output : coverage , precision , and effort . coverage refers to how often humans think they can predict the model ' s behavior , precision to how accurate humans are in those predictions , and effort is either the up - f ←
→ kernelized weighted susan based fuzzy c - means clustering for noisy image segmentation ; the paper proposes a novel kernelized image segmentation scheme for noisy images that utilizes the concept of smallest univalue segment assimilating nucleus ( susan ) and incorporates spatial constraints by computing circular colour map induced weights . fuzzy damping coefficients are obtained for each nucleus or center pixel on the basis of the corresponding weighted susan area values , the weights being equal to the inve ←
→ learning geometrically - constrained hidden markov models for robot navigation : bridging the topological - geometrical gap ; hidden markov models ( hmms ) and partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) provide useful tools for modeling dynamical systems . they are particularly useful for representing the topology of environments such as road networks and office buildings , which are typical for robot navigation and planning . the work presented here describes a formal framework for incorporating readi ←
→ a deep convolutional auto - encoder with pooling - unpooling layers in caffe ; this paper presents the development of several models of a deep convolutional auto - encoder in the caffe deep learning framework and their experimental evaluation on the example of mnist dataset . we have created five models of a convolutional auto - encoder which differ architecturally by the presence or absence of pooling and unpooling layers in the auto - encoder ' s encoder and decoder parts . our results show that the developed model ←
→ rational nonmonotonic reasoning ; nonmonotonic reasoning is a pattern of reasoning that allows an agent to make and retract ( tentative ) conclusions from inconclusive evidence . this paper gives a possible - worlds interpretation of the nonmonotonic reasoning problem based on standard decision theory and the emerging probability logic . the system ' s central principle is that a tentative conclusion is a decision to make a bet , not an assertion of fact . the system is rational , and as sound as the proof theory of i ←
→ hwnet v2 : an efficient word image representation for handwritten documents ; we present a framework for learning efficient holistic representation for handwritten word images . the proposed method uses a deep convolutional neural network with traditional classification loss . the major strengths of our work lie in : ( i ) the efficient usage of synthetic data to pre - train a deep network , ( ii ) an adapted version of resnet - 34 architecture with region of interest pooling ( referred as hwnet v2 ) which learns discri ←
→ bayesian decision process for cost - efficient dynamic ranking via crowdsourcing ; rank aggregation based on pairwise comparisons over a set of items has a wide range of applications . although considerable research has been devoted to the development of rank aggregation algorithms , one basic question is how to efficiently collect a large amount of high - quality pairwise comparisons for the ranking purpose . because of the advent of many crowdsourcing services , a crowd of workers are often hired to conduct pai ←
→ using discourse signals for robust instructor intervention prediction ; we tackle the prediction of instructor intervention in student posts from discussion forums in massive open online courses ( moocs ). our key finding is that using automatically obtained discourse relations improves the prediction of when instructors intervene in student discussions , when compared with a state - of - the - art , feature - rich baseline . our supervised classifier makes use of an automatic discourse parser which outputs penn discour ←
→ deepcloak : masking deep neural network models for robustness against adversarial samples ; recent studies have shown that deep neural networks ( dnn ) are vulnerable to adversarial samples : maliciously - perturbed samples crafted to yield incorrect model outputs . such attacks can severely undermine dnn systems , particularly in security - sensitive settings . it was observed that an adversary could easily generate adversarial samples by making a small perturbation on irrelevant feature dimensions that are unneces ←
→ artificial immune systems ( ais ) - a new paradigm for heuristic decision making ; over the last few years , more and more heuristic decision making techniques have been inspired by nature , e . g . evolutionary algorithms , ant colony optimisation and simulated annealing . more recently , a novel computational intelligence technique inspired by immunology has emerged , called artificial immune systems ( ais ). this immune system inspired technique has already been useful in solving some computational problems . in thi ←
→ tractable learning and inference for large - scale probabilistic boolean networks ; probabilistic boolean networks ( pbns ) have been previously proposed so as to gain insights into complex dy - namical systems . however , identification of large networks and of the underlying discrete markov chain which describes their temporal evolution , still remains a challenge . in this paper , we introduce an equivalent representation for the pbn , the stochastic conjunctive normal form ( scnf ), which paves the way to a scalab ←
→ efficient summarization with read - again and copy mechanism ; encoder - decoder models have been widely used to solve sequence to sequence prediction tasks . however current approaches suffer from two shortcomings . first , the encoders compute a representation of each word taking into account only the history of the words it has read so far , yielding suboptimal representations . second , current decoders utilize large vocabularies in order to minimize the problem of unknown words , resulting in slow decoding times .←
→ graph based recommendations : from data representation to feature extraction and application ; modeling users for the purpose of identifying their preferences and then personalizing services on the basis of these models is a complex task , primarily due to the need to take into consideration various explicit and implicit signals , missing or uncertain information , contextual aspects , and more . in this study , a novel generic approach for uncovering latent preference patterns from user data is proposed and eva ←
→ online boosting algorithms for multi - label ranking ; we consider the multi - label ranking approach to multi - label learning . boosting is a natural method for multi - label ranking as it aggregates weak predictions through majority votes , which can be directly used as scores to produce a ranking of the labels . we design online boosting algorithms with provable loss bounds for multi - label ranking . we show that our first algorithm is optimal in terms of the number of learners required to attain a desired accuracy ,←
→ similarity search over graphs using localized spectral analysis ; this paper provides a new similarity detection algorithm . given an input set of multi - dimensional data points , where each data point is assumed to be multi - dimensional , and an additional reference data point for similarity finding , the algorithm uses kernel method that embeds the data points into a low dimensional manifold . unlike other kernel methods , which consider the entire data for the embedding , our method selects a specific set of kern ←
→ april : active preference - learning based reinforcement learning ; this paper focuses on reinforcement learning ( rl ) with limited prior knowledge . in the domain of swarm robotics for instance , the expert can hardly design a reward function or demonstrate the target behavior , forbidding the use of both standard rl and inverse reinforcement learning . although with a limited expertise , the human expert is still often able to emit preferences and rank the agent demonstrations . earlier work has presented an iterat ←
→ chinese event extraction using deepneural network with word embedding ; a lot of prior work on event extraction has exploited a variety of features to represent events . such methods have several drawbacks : 1 ) the features are often specific for a particular domain and do not generalize well ; 2 ) the features are derived from various linguistic analyses and are error - prone ; and 3 ) some features may be expensive and require domain expert . in this paper , we develop a chinese event extraction system that uses wo ←
→ addendum on the scoring of gaussian directed acyclic graphical models ; we provide a correction to the expression for scoring gaussian directed acyclic graphical models derived in geiger and heckerman [ ann . statist . 30 ( 2002 ) 1414 - 1440 ] and discuss how to evaluate the score efficiently .←
→ real - time convolutional networks for sonar image classification in low - power embedded systems ; deep neural networks have impressive classification performance , but this comes at the expense of significant computational resources at inference time . autonomous underwater vehicles use low - power embedded systems for sonar image perception , and cannot execute large neural networks in real - time . we propose the use of max - pooling aggressively , and we demonstrate it with a fire - based module and a new tiny module ←
→ the advantage of doubling : a deep reinforcement learning approach to studying the double team in the nba ; during the 2017 nba playoffs , celtics coach brad stevens was faced with a difficult decision when defending against the cavaliers : " do you double and risk giving up easy shots , or stay at home and do the best you can ?" it ' s a tough call , but finding a good defensive strategy that effectively incorporates doubling can make all the difference in the nba . in this paper , we analyze double teaming in the ←
→ visualizing natural language descriptions : a survey ; a natural language interface exploits the conceptual simplicity and naturalness of the language to create a high - level user - friendly communication channel between humans and machines . one of the promising applications of such interfaces is generating visual interpretations of semantic content of a given natural language that can be then visualized either as a static scene or a dynamic animation . this survey discusses requirements and challenges of develo ←
→ extension of hidden markov model for recognizing large vocabulary of sign language ; computers still have a long way to go before they can interact with users in a truly natural fashion . from a users perspective , the most natural way to interact with a computer would be through a speech and gesture interface . although speech recognition has made significant advances in the past ten years , gesture recognition has been lagging behind . sign languages ( sl ) are the most accomplished forms of gestural communica ←
→ sample and filter : nonparametric scene parsing via efficient filtering ; scene parsing has attracted a lot of attention in computer vision . while parametric models have proven effective for this task , they cannot easily incorporate new training data . by contrast , nonparametric approaches , which bypass any learning phase and directly transfer the labels from the training data to the query images , can readily exploit new labeled samples as they become available . unfortunately , because of the computational cos ←
→ compact descriptors for video analysis : the emerging mpeg standard ; this paper provides an overview of the on - going compact descriptors for video analysis standard ( cdva ) from the iso / iec moving pictures experts group ( mpeg ). mpeg - cdva targets at defining a standardized bitstream syntax to enable interoperability in the context of video analysis applications . during the developments of mpegcdva , a series of techniques aiming to reduce the descriptor size and improve the video representation ability have be ←
→ tricornet : a hybrid temporal convolutional and recurrent network for video action segmentation ; action segmentation as a milestone towards building automatic systems to understand untrimmed videos has received considerable attention in the recent years . it is typically being modeled as a sequence labeling problem but contains intrinsic and sufficient differences than text parsing or speech processing . in this paper , we introduce a novel hybrid temporal convolutional and recurrent network ( tricornet ), whi ←
→ stochastic collapsed variational inference for sequential data ; stochastic variational inference for collapsed models has recently been successfully applied to large scale topic modelling . in this paper , we propose a stochastic collapsed variational inference algorithm in the sequential data setting . our algorithm is applicable to both finite hidden markov models and hierarchical dirichlet process hidden markov models , and to any datasets generated by emission distributions in the exponential family . our e ←
→ internal and external dynamics in language : evidence from verb regularity in a historical corpus of english ; human languages are rule governed , but almost invariably these rules have exceptions in the form of irregularities . since rules in language are efficient and productive , the persistence of irregularity is an anomaly . how does irregularity linger in the face of internal ( endogenous ) and external ( exogenous ) pressures to conform to a rule ? here we address this problem by taking a detailed look at si ←
→ think you have solved question answering ? try arc , the ai2 reasoning challenge ; we present a new question set , text corpus , and baselines assembled to encourage ai research in advanced question answering . together , these constitute the ai2 reasoning challenge ( arc ), which requires far more powerful knowledge and reasoning than previous challenges such as squad or snli . the arc question set is partitioned into a challenge set and an easy set , where the challenge set contains only questions answered incorr ←
→ a new model for evaluating range - based anomaly detection algorithms ; classical anomaly detection ( ad ) is principally concerned with point - based anomalies , anomalies that occur at a single point in time . while point - based anomalies are useful , many real - world anomalies are range - based , meaning they occur over a period of time . therefore , applying classical point - based accuracy measures to range - based ad systems can be misleading . in this paper , we present a new mathematical model that more accurately gauges ←
→ temporal information extraction for question answering using syntactic dependencies in an lstm - based architecture ; in this paper , we propose to use a set of simple , uniform in architecture lstm - based models to recover different kinds of temporal relations from text . using the shortest dependency path between entities as input , the same architecture is used to extract intra - sentence , cross - sentence , and document creation time relations . a " double - checking " technique reverses entity pairs in classification ←
→ free - configuration biased sampling for motion planning : errata ; this document contains improved and updated proofs of convergence for the sampling method presented in our paper " free - configuration biased sampling for motion planning ".←
→ empirical evaluation of four tensor decomposition algorithms ; higher - order tensor decompositions are analogous to the familiar singular value decomposition ( svd ), but they transcend the limitations of matrices ( second - order tensors ). svd is a powerful tool that has achieved impressive results in information retrieval , collaborative filtering , computational linguistics , computational vision , and other fields . however , svd is limited to two - dimensional arrays of data ( two modes ), and many potential applicati ←
→ openml benchmarking suites and the openml100 ; we advocate the use of curated , comprehensive benchmark suites of machine learning datasets , backed by standardized openml - based interfaces and complementary software toolkits written in python , java and r . major distinguishing features of openml benchmark suites are ( a ) ease of use through standardized data formats , apis , and existing client libraries ; ( b ) machine - readable meta - information regarding the contents of the suite ; and ( c ) online sharing of results ,←
→ iterative hough forest with histogram of control points for 6 dof object registration from depth images ; state - of - the - art techniques proposed for 6d object pose recovery depend on occlusion - free point clouds to accurately register objects in 3d space . to reduce this dependency , we introduce a novel architecture called iterative hough forest with histogram of control points that is capable of estimating occluded and cluttered objects ' 6d pose given a candidate 2d bounding box . our iterative hough forest i ←
→ consideration on example 2 of " an algorithm of general fuzzy inferencewith the reductive property " ; in this paper , we will show that ( 1 ) the results about the fuzzy reasoning algoritm obtained in the paper " computer sciences vol . 34 , no . 4 , pp . 145 - 148 , 2007 " according to the paper " ieee transactions on systems , man and cybernetics , 18 , pp . 1049 - 1056 , 1988 " are correct ; ( 2 ) example 2 in the paper " an algorithm of general fuzzy inference with the reductive property " presented by he ying - si , quan hai - jin and ←
→ a real - time cargo damage management system via a sorting array triangulation technique ; this report covers an intelligent decision support system ( idss ), which handles an efficient and effective way to rapidly inspect containerized cargos for defection . defection is either cargo exposure to radiation , physical damages such as holes , punctured surfaces , iron surface oxidation , etc . the system uses a sorting array triangulation technique ( sat ) and surface damage detection ( sdd ) to conduct the inspection . t ←
→ slice - to - volume medical image registration : a survey ; during the last decades , the research community of medical imaging has witnessed continuous advances in image registration methods , which pushed the limits of the state - of - the - art and enabled the development of novel medical procedures . a particular type of image registration problem , known as slice - to - volume registration , played a fundamental role in areas like image guided surgeries and volumetric image reconstruction . however , to date , and despite th ←
→ conditional generation of multi - modal data using constrained embedding space mapping ; we present a conditional generative model that maps low - dimensional embeddings of multiple modalities of data to a common latent space hence extracting semantic relationships between them . the embedding specific to a modality is first extracted and subsequently a constrained optimization procedure is performed to project the two embedding spaces to a common manifold . the individual embeddings are generated back from thi ←
→ synthetic database for evaluation of general , fundamental biometric principles ; we create synthetic biometric databases to study general , fundamental , biometric principles . first , we check the validity of the synthetic database design by comparing it to real data in terms of biometric performance . the real data used for this validity check was from an eye - movement related biometric database . next , we employ our database to evaluate the impact of variations of temporal persistence of features on biometric ←
→ convergence of a recombination - based elitist evolutionary algorithm on the royal roads test function ; we present an analysis of the performance of an elitist evolutionary algorithm using a recombination operator known as 1 - bit - swap on the royal roads test function based on a population . we derive complete , approximate and asymptotic convergence rates for the algorithm . the complete model shows the benefit of the size of the population and re - combination pool .←
→ deep keyphrase generation ; keyphrase provides highly - summative information that can be effectively used for understanding , organizing and retrieving text content . though previous studies have provided many workable solutions for automated keyphrase extraction , they commonly divided the to - be - summarized content into multiple text chunks , then ranked and selected the most meaningful ones . these approaches could neither identify keyphrases that do not appear in the text , nor capture the real semantic meaning ←
→ a deep network model for paraphrase detection in short text messages ; this paper is concerned with paraphrase detection . the ability to detect similar sentences written in natural language is crucial for several applications , such as text mining , text summarization , plagiarism detection , authorship authentication and question answering . given two sentences , the objective is to detect whether they are semantically identical . an important insight from this work is that existing paraphrase systems perform wel ←
→ hogwild !: a lock - free approach to parallelizing stochastic gradient descent ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is a popular algorithm that can achieve state - of - the - art performance on a variety of machine learning tasks . several researchers have recently proposed schemes to parallelize sgd , but all require performance - destroying memory locking and synchronization . this work aims to show using novel theoretical analysis , algorithms , and implementation that sgd can be implemented without any locking . we pre ←
→ a more general robust loss function ; we present a two - parameter loss function which can be viewed as a generalization of many popular loss functions used in robust statistics : the cauchy / lorentzian , geman - mcclure , welsch / leclerc , and generalized charbonnier loss functions ( and by transitivity the l2 , l1 , l1 - l2 , and pseudo - huber / charbonnier loss functions ). if this penalty is viewed as a negative log - likelihood , it yields a general probability distribution that includes normal and cauchy distributions as sp ←
→ leveraging multiple datasets for deep leaf counting ; the number of leaves a plant has is one of the key traits ( phenotypes ) describing its development and growth . here , we propose an automated , deep learning based approach for counting leaves in model rosette plants . while state - of - the - art results on leaf counting with deep learning methods have recently been reported , they obtain the count as a result of leaf segmentation and thus require per - leaf ( instance ) segmentation to train the models ( a rather stro ←
→ differential generative adversarial networks : synthesizing non - linear facial variations with limited number of training data ; in face - related applications with a public available dataset , synthesizing non - linear facial variations ( e . g ., facial expression , head - pose , illumination , etc .) through a generative model is helpful in addressing the lack of training data . in reality , however , there is insufficient data to even train the generative model for face synthesis . in this paper , we propose differential g ←
→ storm - a novel information fusion and cluster interpretation technique ; analysis of data without labels is commonly subject to scrutiny by unsupervised machine learning techniques . such techniques provide more meaningful representations , useful for better understanding of a problem at hand , than by looking only at the data itself . although abundant expert knowledge exists in many areas where unlabelled data is examined , such knowledge is rarely incorporated into automatic analysis . incorporation of expert ←
→ learning to compose with professional photographs on the web ; photo composition is an important factor affecting the aesthetics in photography . however , it is a highly challenging task to model the aesthetic properties of good compositions due to the lack of globally applicable rules to the wide variety of photographic styles . inspired by the thinking process of photo taking , we formulate the photo composition problem as a view finding process which successively examines pairs of views and determines their ←
→ robust registration and geometry estimation from unstructured facial scans ; commercial off the shelf ( cots ) 3d scanners are capable of generating point clouds covering visible portions of a face with sub - millimeter accuracy at close range , but lack the coverage and specialized anatomic registration provided by more expensive 3d facial scanners . we demonstrate an effective pipeline for joint alignment of multiple unstructured 3d point clouds and registration to a parameterized 3d model which represents sh ←
→ eraserelu : a simple way to ease the training of deep convolution neural networks ; for most state - of - the - art architectures , rectified linear unit ( relu ) becomes a standard component accompanied with each layer . although relu can ease the network training to an extent , the character of blocking negative values may suppress the propagation of useful information and leads to the difficulty of optimizing very deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). moreover , stacking layers with nonlinear activations is ha ←
→ parallel matrix factorization for binary response ; predicting user affinity to items is an important problem in applications like content optimization , computational advertising , and many more . while bilinear random effect models ( matrix factorization ) provide state - of - the - art performance when minimizing rmse through a gaussian response model on explicit ratings data , applying it to imbalanced binary response data presents additional challenges that we carefully study in this paper . data in many applicatio ←
→ the effectiveness of data augmentation for detection of gastrointestinal diseases from endoscopical images ; the lack , due to privacy concerns , of large public databases of medical pathologies is a well - known and major problem , substantially hindering the application of deep learning techniques in this field . in this article , we investigate the possibility to supply to the deficiency in the number of data by means of data augmentation techniques , working on the recent kvasir dataset of endoscopical images ←
→ geiringer theorems : from population genetics to computational intelligence , memory evolutive systems and hebbian learning ; the classical geiringer theorem addresses the limiting frequency of occurrence of various alleles after repeated application of crossover . it has been adopted to the setting of evolutionary algorithms and , a lot more recently , reinforcement learning and monte - carlo tree search methodology to cope with a rather challenging question of action evaluation at the chance nodes . the theorem ←
→ deep regression for face alignment ; in this paper , we present a deep regression approach for face alignment . the deep architecture consists of a global layer and multi - stage local layers . we apply the back - propagation algorithm with the dropout strategy to jointly optimize the regression parameters . we show that the resulting deep regressor gradually and evenly approaches the true facial landmarks stage by stage , avoiding the tendency to yield over - strong early stage regressors while over - weak later stage ←
→ mixed precision training ; deep neural networks have enabled progress in a wide variety of applications . growing the size of the neural network typically results in improved accuracy . as model sizes grow , the memory and compute requirements for training these models also increases . we introduce a technique to train deep neural networks using half precision floating point numbers . in our technique , weights , activations and gradients are stored in ieee half - precision format . half - precision floating numbers ha ←
→ on the convergence of the irls algorithm in non - local patch regression ; recently , it was demonstrated in [ cs2012 , cs2013 ] that the robustness of the classical non - local means ( nlm ) algorithm [ bcm2005 ] can be improved by incorporating $\ ell ^ p ( 0 < p \ leq 2 )$ regression into the nlm framework . this general optimization framework , called non - local patch regression ( nlpr ), contains nlm as a special case . denoising results on synthetic and natural images show that nlpr consistently performs better than nlm beyon ←
→ why is posterior sampling better than optimism for reinforcement learning ? ; computational results demonstrate that posterior sampling for reinforcement learning ( psrl ) dramatically outperforms algorithms driven by optimism , such as ucrl2 . we provide insight into the extent of this performance boost and the phenomenon that drives it . we leverage this insight to establish an $\ tilde { o }( h \ sqrt { sat })$ bayesian expected regret bound for psrl in finite - horizon episodic markov decision processes , where $ h $ is t ←
→ image classification with a deep network model based on compressive sensing ; to simplify the parameter of the deep learning network , a cascaded compressive sensing model " csnet " is implemented for image classification . firstly , we use cascaded compressive sensing network to learn feature from the data . secondly , csnet generates the feature by binary hashing and block - wise histograms . finally , a linear svm classifier is used to classify these features . the experiments on the mnist dataset indicate that hi ←
→ recovering 6d object pose and predicting next - best - view in the crowd ; object detection and 6d pose estimation in the crowd ( scenes with multiple object instances , severe foreground occlusions and background distractors ), has become an important problem in many rapidly evolving technological areas such as robotics and augmented reality . single shot - based 6d pose estimators with manually designed features are still unable to tackle the above challenges , motivating the research towards unsupervised feature le ←
→ fast spectral ranking for similarity search ; despite the success of deep learning on representing images for particular object retrieval , recent studies show that the learned representations still lie on manifolds in a high dimensional space . therefore , nearest neighbor search cannot be expected to be optimal for this task . even if a nearest neighbor graph is computed offline , exploring the manifolds online remains expensive . this work introduces an explicit embedding reducing manifold search to euclidean ←
→ induction of high - level behaviors from problem - solving traces using machine learning tools ; this paper applies machine learning techniques to student modeling . it presents a method for discovering high - level student behaviors from a very large set of low - level traces corresponding to problem - solving actions in a learning environment . basic actions are encoded into sets of domain - dependent attribute - value patterns called cases . then a domain - independent hierarchical clustering identifies what we call gene ←
→ fast admm algorithm for distributed optimization with adaptive penalty ; we propose new methods to speed up convergence of the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ), a common optimization tool in the context of large scale and distributed learning . the proposed method accelerates the speed of convergence by automatically deciding the constraint penalty needed for parameter consensus in each iteration . in addition , we also propose an extension of the method that adaptively determines the maximum ←
→ a hybrid clustering algorithm for data mining ; data clustering is a process of arranging similar data into groups . a clustering algorithm partitions a data set into several groups such that the similarity within a group is better than among groups . in this paper a hybrid clustering algorithm based on k - mean and k - harmonic mean ( khm ) is described . the proposed algorithm is tested on five different datasets . the research is focused on fast and accurate clustering . its performance is compared with the traditi ←
→ categorical reparameterization with gumbel - softmax ; categorical variables are a natural choice for representing discrete structure in the world . however , stochastic neural networks rarely use categorical latent variables due to the inability to backpropagate through samples . in this work , we present an efficient gradient estimator that replaces the non - differentiable sample from a categorical distribution with a differentiable sample from a novel gumbel - softmax distribution . this distribution has the essen ←
→ network analysis of a corpus of undeciphered indus civilization inscriptions indicates syntactic organization ; archaeological excavations in the sites of the indus valley civilization ( 2500 - 1900 bce ) in pakistan and northwestern india have unearthed a large number of artifacts with inscriptions made up of hundreds of distinct signs . to date there is no generally accepted decipherment of these sign sequences and there have been suggestions that the signs could be non - linguistic . here we apply complex netw ←
→ social style characterization from egocentric photo - streams ; this paper proposes a system for automatic social pattern characterization using a wearable photo - camera . the proposed pipeline consists of three major steps . first , detection of people with whom the camera wearer interacts and , second , categorization of the detected social interactions into formal and informal . these two steps act at event - level where each potential social event is modeled as a multi - dimensional time - series , whose dimensions cor ←
→ strong asymptotic assertions for discrete mdl in regression and classification ; we study the properties of the mdl ( or maximum penalized complexity ) estimator for regression and classification , where the underlying model class is countable . we show in particular a finite bound on the hellinger losses under the only assumption that there is a " true " model contained in the class . this implies almost sure convergence of the predictive distribution to the true one at a fast rate . it corresponds to solomonoff ←
→ spreadsheet probabilistic programming ; spreadsheet workbook contents are simple programs . because of this , probabilistic programming techniques can be used to perform bayesian inversion of spreadsheet computations . what is more , existing execution engines in spreadsheet applications such as microsoft excel can be made to do this using only built - in functionality . we demonstrate this by developing a native excel implementation of both a particle markov chain monte carlo variant and black - box variational inf ←
→ transferring autonomous driving knowledge on simulated and real intersections ; we view intersection handling on autonomous vehicles as a reinforcement learning problem , and study its behavior in a transfer learning setting . we show that a network trained on one type of intersection generally is not able to generalize to other intersections . however , a network that is pre - trained on one intersection and fine - tuned on another performs better on the new task compared to training in isolation . this network a ←
→ supervised texture segmentation : a comparative study ; this paper aims to compare between four different types of feature extraction approaches in terms of texture segmentation . the feature extraction methods that were used for segmentation are gabor filters ( gf ), gaussian markov random fields ( gmrf ), run - length matrix ( rlm ) and co - occurrence matrix ( glcm ). it was shown that the gf performed best in terms of quality of segmentation while the glcm localises the texture boundaries better as compared to the ot ←
→ canica : model - based extraction of reproducible group - level ica patterns from fmri time series ; spatial independent component analysis ( ica ) is an increasingly used data - driven method to analyze functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) data . to date , it has been used to extract meaningful patterns without prior information . however , ica is not robust to mild data variation and remains a parameter - sensitive algorithm . the validity of the extracted patterns is hard to establish , as well as the significa ←
→ learning text representation using recurrent convolutional neural network with highway layers ; recently , the rapid development of word embedding and neural networks has brought new inspiration to various nlp and ir tasks . in this paper , we describe a staged hybrid model combining recurrent convolutional neural networks ( rcnn ) with highway layers . the highway network module is incorporated in the middle takes the output of the bi - directional recurrent neural network ( bi - rnn ) module in the first stage and ←
→ symmetry in image registration and deformation modeling ; we survey the role of symmetry in diffeomorphic registration of landmarks , curves , surfaces , images and higher - order data . the infinite dimensional problem of finding correspondences between objects can for a range of concrete data types be reduced resulting in compact representations of shape and spatial structure . this reduction is possible because the available data is incomplete in encoding the full deformation model . using reduction by symmetry ,←
→ dialogue manager domain adaptation using gaussian process reinforcement learning ; spoken dialogue systems allow humans to interact with machines using natural speech . as such , they have many benefits . by using speech as the primary communication medium , a computer interface can facilitate swift , human - like acquisition of information . in recent years , speech interfaces have become ever more popular , as is evident from the rise of personal assistants such as siri , google now , cortana and amazon alexa . rece ←
→ light - weight pixel context encoders for image inpainting ; in this work we propose pixel content encoders ( pce ), a light - weight image inpainting model , capable of generating novel con - tent for large missing regions in images . unlike previously presented convolutional neural network based models , our pce model has an order of magnitude fewer trainable parameters . moreover , by incorporating dilated convolutions we are able to preserve fine grained spatial information , achieving state - of - the - art performance on ←
→ generating natural language inference chains ; the ability to reason with natural language is a fundamental prerequisite for many nlp tasks such as information extraction , machine translation and question answering . to quantify this ability , systems are commonly tested whether they can recognize textual entailment , i . e ., whether one sentence can be inferred from another one . however , in most nlp applications only single source sentences instead of sentence pairs are available . hence , we propose a new task t ←
→ multi - view self - supervised deep learning for 6d pose estimation in the amazon picking challenge ; robot warehouse automation has attracted significant interest in recent years , perhaps most visibly in the amazon picking challenge ( apc ). a fully autonomous warehouse pick - and - place system requires robust vision that reliably recognizes and locates objects amid cluttered environments , self - occlusions , sensor noise , and a large variety of objects . in this paper we present an approach that leverages multi - view ←
→ a systematic approach to blocking convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are the state of the art solution for many computer vision problems , and many researchers have explored optimized implementations . most implementations heuristically block the computation to deal with the large data sizes and high data reuse of cnns . this paper explores how to block cnn computations for memory locality by creating an analytical model for cnn - like loop nests . using this model we automatical ←
→ debugging machine learning tasks ; unlike traditional programs ( such as operating systems or word processors ) which have large amounts of code , machine learning tasks use programs with relatively small amounts of code ( written in machine learning libraries ), but voluminous amounts of data . just like developers of traditional programs debug errors in their code , developers of machine learning tasks debug and fix errors in their data . however , algorithms and tools for debugging and fixing errors in data are l ←
→ deep learning for computational chemistry ; the rise and fall of artificial neural networks is well documented in the scientific literature of both computer science and computational chemistry . yet almost two decades later , we are now seeing a resurgence of interest in deep learning , a machine learning algorithm based on multilayer neural networks . within the last few years , we have seen the transformative impact of deep learning in many domains , particularly in speech recognition and computer vision , to th ←
→ using intelligent agents to understand organisational behaviour ; this paper introduces two ongoing research projects which seek to apply computer modelling techniques in order to simulate human behaviour within organisations . previous research in other disciplines has suggested that complex social behaviours are governed by relatively simple rules which , when identified , can be used to accurately model such processes using computer technology . the broad objective of our research is to develop a similar cap ←
→ universal algorithm for online trading based on the method of calibration ; we present a universal algorithm for online trading in stock market which performs asymptotically at least as good as any stationary trading strategy that computes the investment at each step using a fixed function of the side information that belongs to a given rkhs ( reproducing kernel hilbert space ). using a universal kernel , we extend this result for any continuous stationary strategy . in this learning process , a trader rationa ←
→ high - dimensional classification for brain decoding ; brain decoding involves the determination of a subject ' s cognitive state or an associated stimulus from functional neuroimaging data measuring brain activity . in this setting the cognitive state is typically characterized by an element of a finite set , and the neuroimaging data comprise voluminous amounts of spatiotemporal data measuring some aspect of the neural signal . the associated statistical problem is one of classification from high - dimensional dat ←
→ jointly learning word embeddings and latent topics ; word embedding models such as skip - gram learn a vector - space representation for each word , based on the local word collocation patterns that are observed in a text corpus . latent topic models , on the other hand , take a more global view , looking at the word distributions across the corpus to assign a topic to each word occurrence . these two paradigms are complementary in how they represent the meaning of word occurrences . while some previous works have alr ←
→ core kernels ; the term " core kernel " stands for correlation - resemblance kernel . in many applications ( e . g ., vision ), the data are often high - dimensional , sparse , and non - binary . we propose two types of ( nonlinear ) core kernels for non - binary sparse data and demonstrate the effectiveness of the new kernels through a classification experiment . core kernels are simple with no tuning parameters . however , training nonlinear kernel svm can be ( very ) costly in time and memory and may not be suitable for truly lar ←
→ communication - efficient distributed estimation and inference for transelliptical graphical models ; we propose communication - efficient distributed estimation and inference methods for the transelliptical graphical model , a semiparametric extension of the elliptical distribution in the high dimensional regime . in detail , the proposed method distributes the $ d $- dimensional data of size $ n $ generated from a transelliptical graphical model into $ m $ worker machines , and estimates the latent precision matrix on ←
→ unsupervised iterative deep learning of speech features and acoustic tokens with applications to spoken term detection ; in this paper we aim to automatically discover high quality frame - level speech features and acoustic tokens directly from unlabeled speech data . a multi - granular acoustic tokenizer ( mat ) was proposed for automatic discovery of multiple sets of acoustic tokens from the given corpus . each acoustic token set is specified by a set of hyperparameters describing the model configuration . these ←
→ prostate cancer diagnosis using deep learning with 3d multiparametric mri ; a novel deep learning architecture ( xmasnet ) based on convolutional neural networks was developed for the classification of prostate cancer lesions , using the 3d multiparametric mri data provided by the prostatex challenge . end - to - end training was performed for xmasnet , with data augmentation done through 3d rotation and slicing , in order to incorporate the 3d information of the lesion . xmasnet outperformed traditional machine lea ←
→ unsupervised histopathology image synthesis ; hematoxylin and eosin stained histopathology image analysis is essential for the diagnosis and study of complicated diseases such as cancer . existing state - of - the - art approaches demand extensive amount of supervised training data from trained pathologists . in this work we synthesize in an unsupervised manner , large histopathology image datasets , suitable for supervised training tasks . we propose a unified pipeline that : a ) generates a set of initial synthetic hi ←
→ learning network of multivariate hawkes processes : a time series approach ; learning the influence structure of multiple time series data is of great interest to many disciplines . this paper studies the problem of recovering the causal structure in network of multivariate linear hawkes processes . in such processes , the occurrence of an event in one process affects the probability of occurrence of new events in some other processes . thus , a natural notion of causality exists between such processes captured ←
→ approximate maximum a posteriori inference with entropic priors ; in certain applications it is useful to fit multinomial distributions to observed data with a penalty term that encourages sparsity . for example , in probabilistic latent audio source decomposition one may wish to encode the assumption that only a few latent sources are active at any given time . the standard heuristic of applying an l1 penalty is not an option when fitting the parameters to a multinomial distribution , which are constrained to ←
→ sequence - to - label script identification for multilingual ocr ; we describe a novel line - level script identification method . previous work repurposed an ocr model generating per - character script codes , counted to obtain line - level script identification . this has two shortcomings . first , as a sequence - to - sequence model it is more complex than necessary for the sequence - to - label problem of line script identification . this makes it harder to train and inefficient to run . second , the counting heuristic may be su ←
→ theory of semi - instantiation in abstract argumentation ; we study instantiated abstract argumentation frames of the form $( s , r , i )$, where $( s , r )$ is an abstract argumentation frame and where the arguments $ x $ of $ s $ are instantiated by $ i ( x )$ as well formed formulas of a well known logic , for example as boolean formulas or as predicate logic formulas or as modal logic formulas . we use the method of conceptual analysis to derive the properties of our proposed system . we seek to define the notion of complete ←
→ a fast integrated planning and control framework for autonomous driving via imitation learning ; for safe and efficient planning and control in autonomous driving , we need a driving policy which can achieve desirable driving quality in long - term horizon with guaranteed safety and feasibility . optimization - based approaches , such as model predictive control ( mpc ), can provide such optimal policies , but their computational complexity is generally unacceptable for real - time implementation . to address this pro ←
→ margins , kernels and non - linear smoothed perceptrons ; we focus on the problem of finding a non - linear classification function that lies in a reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ) both from the primal point of view ( finding a perfect separator when one exists ) and the dual point of view ( giving a certificate of non - existence ), with special focus on generalizations of two classical schemes - the perceptron ( primal ) and von - neumann ( dual ) algorithms . we cast our problem as one of maximizing the regularize ←
→ exploring neural transducers for end - to - end speech recognition ; in this work , we perform an empirical comparison among the ctc , rnn - transducer , and attention - based seq2seq models for end - to - end speech recognition . we show that , without any language model , seq2seq and rnn - transducer models both outperform the best reported ctc models with a language model , on the popular hub5 ' 00 benchmark . on our internal diverse dataset , these trends continue - rnntransducer models rescored with a language model after beam ←
→ top - down unsupervised image segmentation ( it sounds like oxymoron , but actually it is not ) ; pattern recognition is generally assumed as an interaction of two inversely directed image - processing streams : the bottom - up information details gathering and localization ( segmentation ) stream , and the top - down information features aggregation , association and interpretation ( recognition ) stream . inspired by recent evidence from biological vision research and by the insights of kolmogorov complexity theory , we pr ←
→ end - to - end pedestrian collision warning system based on a convolutional neural network with semantic segmentation ; traditional pedestrian collision warning systems sometimes raise alarms even when there is no danger ( e . g ., when all pedestrians are walking on the sidewalk ). these false alarms can make it difficult for drivers to concentrate on their driving . in this paper , we propose a novel framework for an end - to - end pedestrian collision warning system based on a convolutional neural network . semantic s ←
→ graph - grammar assistance for automated generation of influence diagrams ; one of the most difficult aspects of modeling complex dilemmas in decision - analytic terms is composing a diagram of relevance relations from a set of domain concepts . decision models in domains such as medicine , however , exhibit certain prototypical patterns that can guide the modeling process . medical concepts can be classified according to semantic types that have characteristic positions and typical roles in an influence - diagram mo ←
→ xdanng : xml based distributed artificial neural network with globus toolkit ; artificial neural network is one of the most common ai application fields . this field has direct and indirect usages most sciences . the main goal of ann is to imitate biological neural networks for solving scientific problems . but the level of parallelism is the main problem of ann systems in comparison with biological systems . to solve this problem , we have offered a xml - based framework for implementing ann on the globus toolki ←
→ towards lifelong self - supervision : a deep learning direction for robotics ; despite outstanding success in vision amongst other domains , many of the recent deep learning approaches have evident drawbacks for robots . this manuscript surveys recent work in the literature that pertain to applying deep learning systems to the robotics domain , either as means of estimation or as a tool to resolve motor commands directly from raw percepts . these recent advances are only a piece to the puzzle . we suggest that de ←
→ semantics , representations and grammars for deep learning ; deep learning is currently the subject of intensive study . however , fundamental concepts such as representations are not formally defined -- researchers " know them when they see them " -- and there is no common language for describing and analyzing algorithms . this essay proposes an abstract framework that identifies the essential features of current practice and may provide a foundation for future developments . the backbone of almost all deep lea ←
→ word level script identification from bangla and devanagri handwritten texts mixed with roman script ; india is a multi - lingual country where roman script is often used alongside different indic scripts in a text document . to develop a script specific handwritten optical character recognition ( ocr ) system , it is therefore necessary to identify the scripts of handwritten text correctly . in this paper , we present a system , which automatically separates the scripts of handwritten words from a document , writt ←
→ hume : human ucca - based evaluation of machine translation ; human evaluation of machine translation normally uses sentence - level measures such as relative ranking or adequacy scales . however , these provide no insight into possible errors , and do not scale well with sentence length . we argue for a semantics - based evaluation , which captures what meaning components are retained in the mt output , thus providing a more fine - grained analysis of translation quality , and enabling the construction and tuning of seman ←
→ learning densities conditional on many interacting features ; learning a distribution conditional on a set of discrete - valued features is a commonly encountered task . this becomes more challenging with a high - dimensional feature set when there is the possibility of interaction between the features . in addition , many frequently applied techniques consider only prediction of the mean , but the complete conditional density is needed to answer more complex questions . we demonstrate a novel nonparametric bayes me ←
→ vision - and - language navigation : interpreting visually - grounded navigation instructions in real environments ; a robot that can carry out a natural - language instruction has been a dream since before the jetsons cartoon series imagined a life of leisure mediated by a fleet of attentive robot helpers . it is a dream that remains stubbornly distant . however , recent advances in vision and language methods have made incredible progress in closely related areas . this is significant because a robot interpreting a ←
→ holophrasm : a neural automated theorem prover for higher - order logic ; i propose a system for automated theorem proving in higher order logic using deep learning and eschewing hand - constructed features . holophrasm exploits the formalism of the metamath language and explores partial proof trees using a neural - network - augmented bandit algorithm and a sequence - to - sequence model for action enumeration . the system proves 14 % of its test theorems from metamath ' s set . mm module .←
→ gadaboost : accelerating adaboost feature selection with genetic algorithms ; boosted cascade of simple features , by viola and jones , is one of the most famous object detection frameworks . however , it suffers from a lengthy training process . this is due to the vast features space and the exhaustive search nature of adaboost . in this paper we propose gadaboost : a genetic algorithm to accelerate the training procedure through natural feature selection . specifically , we propose to limit adaboost search within ←
→ stein variational gradient descent as gradient flow ; stein variational gradient descent ( svgd ) is a deterministic sampling algorithm that iteratively transports a set of particles to approximate given distributions , based on an efficient gradient - based update that guarantees to optimally decrease the kl divergence within a function space . this paper develops the first theoretical analysis on svgd , discussing its weak convergence properties and showing that its asymptotic behavior is captured by a gradient ←
→ adaptive foveated single - pixel imaging with dynamic super - sampling ; as an alternative to conventional multi - pixel cameras , single - pixel cameras enable images to be recorded using a single detector that measures the correlations between the scene and a set of patterns . however , to fully sample a scene in this way requires at least the same number of correlation measurements as there are pixels in the reconstructed image . therefore single - pixel imaging systems typically exhibit low frame - rates . to mitigate t ←
→ deep recurrent gaussian process with variational sparse spectrum approximation ; modeling sequential data has become more and more important in practice . some applications are autonomous driving , virtual sensors and weather forecasting . to model such systems so called recurrent models are used . in this article we introduce two new deep recurrent gaussian process ( drgp ) models based on the sparse spectrum gaussian process ( ssgp ) and the improved variational version called variational sparse spectrum gaussi ←
→ automatic detection of small groups of persons , influential members , relations and hierarchy in written conversations using fuzzy logic ; nowadays a lot of data is collected in online forums . one of the key tasks is to determine the social structure of these online groups , for example the identification of subgroups within a larger group . we will approach the grouping of individual as a classification problem . the classifier will be based on fuzzy logic . the input to the classifier will be linguistic feat ←
→ a jointly learned deep architecture for facial attribute analysis and face detection in the wild ; facial attribute analysis in the real world scenario is very challenging mainly because of complex face variations . existing works of analyzing face attributes are mostly based on the cropped and aligned face images . however , this result in the capability of attribute prediction heavily relies on the preprocessing of face detector . to address this problem , we present a novel jointly learned deep architecture ←
→ pasmoqap : a parallel asynchronous memetic algorithm for solving the multi - objective quadratic assignment problem ; multi - objective optimization problems ( mops ) have attracted growing attention during the last decades . multi - objective evolutionary algorithms ( moeas ) have been extensively used to address mops because are able to approximate a set of non - dominated high - quality solutions . the multi - objective quadratic assignment problem ( mqap ) is a mop . the mqap is a generalization of the classical qap which ←
→ disentangling factors of variation via generative entangling ; here we propose a novel model family with the objective of learning to disentangle the factors of variation in data . our approach is based on the spike - and - slab restricted boltzmann machine which we generalize to include higher - order interactions among multiple latent variables . seen from a generative perspective , the multiplicative interactions emulates the entangling of factors of variation . inference in the model can be seen as disentangling ←
→ towards the inductive acquisition of temporal knowledge ; the ability to predict the future in a given domain can be acquired by discovering empirically from experience certain temporal patterns that tend to repeat unerringly . previous works in time series analysis allow one to make quantitative predictions on the likely values of certain linear variables . since certain types of knowledge are better expressed in symbolic forms , making qualitative predictions based on symbolic representations require a diffe ←
→ combinatorial optimization by learning and simulation of bayesian networks ; this paper shows how the bayesian network paradigm can be used in order to solve combinatorial optimization problems . to do it some methods of structure learning from data and simulation of bayesian networks are inserted inside estimation of distribution algorithms ( eda ). eda are a new tool for evolutionary computation in which populations of individuals are created by estimation and simulation of the joint probability distributi ←
→ deep feature learning via structured graph laplacian embedding for person re - identification ; learning the distance metric between pairs of examples is of great importance for visual recognition , especially for person re - identification ( re - id ). recently , the contrastive and triplet loss are proposed to enhance the discriminative power of the deeply learned features , and have achieved remarkable success . as can be seen , either the contrastive or triplet loss is just one special case of the euclidean distan ←
→ quantifying prosodic variability in middle english alliterative poetry ; interest in the mathematical structure of poetry dates back to at least the 19th century : after retiring from his mathematics position , j . j . sylvester wrote a book on prosody called $\ textit { the laws of verse }$. today there is interest in the computer analysis of poems , and this paper discusses how a statistical approach can be applied to this task . starting with the definition of what middle english alliteration is , $\ textit { sir gawa ←
→ new approach of estimating psnr - b for de - blocked images ; measurement of image quality is very crucial to many image processing applications . quality metrics are used to measure the quality of improvement in the images after they are processed and compared with the original images . compression is one of the applications where it is required to monitor the quality of decompressed or decoded image . jpeg compression is the lossy compression which is most prevalent technique for image codecs . but it suffers fro ←
→ beyond pixels : leveraging geometry and shape cues for online multi - object tracking ; this paper introduces geometry and object shape and pose costs for multi - object tracking in urban driving scenarios . using images from a monocular camera alone , we devise pairwise costs for object tracks , based on several 3d cues such as object pose , shape , and motion . the proposed costs are agnostic to the data association method and can be incorporated into any optimization framework to output the pairwise data associat ←
→ medlda : a general framework of maximum margin supervised topic models ; supervised topic models utilize document ' s side information for discovering predictive low dimensional representations of documents . existing models apply the likelihood - based estimation . in this paper , we present a general framework of max - margin supervised topic models for both continuous and categorical response variables . our approach , the maximum entropy discrimination latent dirichlet allocation ( medlda ), utilizes the max - margin p ←
→ implementation of training convolutional neural networks ; deep learning refers to the shining branch of machine learning that is based on learning levels of representations . convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) is one kind of deep neural network . it can study concurrently . in this article , we gave a detailed analysis of the process of cnn algorithm both the forward process and back propagation . then we applied the particular convolutional neural network to implement the typical face recognition problem by j ←
→ geometry of compositionality ; this paper proposes a simple test for compositionality ( i . e ., literal usage ) of a word or phrase in a context - specific way . the test is computationally simple , relying on no external resources and only uses a set of trained word vectors . experiments show that the proposed method is competitive with state of the art and displays high accuracy in context - specific compositionality detection of a variety of natural language phenomena ( idiomaticity , sarcasm , metaphor ) for different ←
→ learning more universal representations for transfer - learning ; transfer learning is commonly used to address the problem of the prohibitive need in annotated data when one want to classify visual content with a convolutional neural network ( cnn ). we address the problem of the universality of the cnn - based representation of images in such a context . the state - of - the - art consists in diversifying the source problem on which the cnn is learned . it reduces the cost for the target problem but still requires a la ←
→ probabilistic neural programs ; we present probabilistic neural programs , a framework for program induction that permits flexible specification of both a computational model and inference algorithm while simultaneously enabling the use of deep neural networks . probabilistic neural programs combine a computation graph for specifying a neural network with an operator for weighted nondeterministic choice . thus , a program describes both a collection of decisions as well as the neural network architecture used t ←
→ wide and deep volumetric residual networks for volumetric image classification ; 3d shape models that directly classify objects from 3d information have become more widely implementable . current state of the art models rely on deep convolutional and inception models that are resource intensive . residual neural networks have been demonstrated to be easier to optimize and do not suffer from vanishing / exploding gradients observed in deep networks . here we implement a residual neural network for 3d object cla ←
→ online deception detection refueled by real world data collection ; the lack of large realistic datasets presents a bottleneck in online deception detection studies . in this paper , we apply a data collection method based on social network analysis to quickly identify high - quality deceptive and truthful online reviews from amazon . the dataset contains more than 10 , 000 deceptive reviews and is diverse in product domains and reviewers . using this dataset , we explore effective general features for online decept ←
→ a universal part - of - speech tagset ; to facilitate future research in unsupervised induction of syntactic structure and to standardize best - practices , we propose a tagset that consists of twelve universal part - of - speech categories . in addition to the tagset , we develop a mapping from 25 different treebank tagsets to this universal set . as a result , when combined with the original treebank data , this universal tagset and mapping produce a dataset consisting of common parts - of - speech for 22 different languages ←
→ semi - parametric topological memory for navigation ; we introduce a new memory architecture for navigation in previously unseen environments , inspired by landmark - based navigation in animals . the proposed semi - parametric topological memory ( sptm ) consists of a ( non - parametric ) graph with nodes corresponding to locations in the environment and a ( parametric ) deep network capable of retrieving nodes from the graph based on observations . the graph stores no metric information , only connectivity of locations cor ←
→ curriculum q - learning for visual vocabulary acquisition ; the structure of curriculum plays a vital role in our learning process , both as children and adults . presenting material in ascending order of difficulty that also exploits prior knowledge can have a significant impact on the rate of learning . however , the notion of difficulty and prior knowledge differs from person to person . motivated by the need for a personalised curriculum , we present a novel method of curriculum learning for vocabulary words in ←
→ induction , of and by probability ; this paper examines some methods and ideas underlying the author ' s successful probabilistic learning systems ( pls ), which have proven uniquely effective and efficient in generalization learning or induction . while the emerging principles are generally applicable , this paper illustrates them in heuristic search , which demands noise management and incremental learning . in our approach , both task performance and learning are guided by probability . probabilities are incremental ←
→ recovering loss to followup information using denoising autoencoders ; loss to followup is a significant issue in healthcare and has serious consequences for a study ' s validity and cost . methods available at present for recovering loss to followup information are restricted by their expressive capabilities and struggle to model highly non - linear relations and complex interactions . in this paper we propose a model based on overcomplete denoising autoencoders to recover loss to followup information . designed ←
→ similar elements and metric labeling on complete graphs ; we consider a problem that involves finding similar elements in a collection of sets . the problem is motivated by applications in machine learning and pattern recognition . we formulate the similar elements problem as an optimization and give an efficient approximation algorithm that finds a solution within a factor of 2 of the optimal . the similar elements problem is a special case of the metric labeling problem and we also give an efficient 2 - approx ←
→ fast low - rank matrix estimation without the condition number ; in this paper , we study the general problem of optimizing a convex function $ f ( l )$ over the set of $ p \ times p $ matrices , subject to rank constraints on $ l $. however , existing first - order methods for solving such problems either are too slow to converge , or require multiple invocations of singular value decompositions . on the other hand , factorization - based non - convex algorithms , while being much faster , require stringent assumptions on the \ emp ←
→ automatic synonym discovery with knowledge bases ; recognizing entity synonyms from text has become a crucial task in many entity - leveraging applications . however , discovering entity synonyms from domain - specific text corpora ( e . g ., news articles , scientific papers ) is rather challenging . current systems take an entity name string as input to find out other names that are synonymous , ignoring the fact that often times a name string can refer to multiple entities ( e . g ., " apple " could refer to both apple inc ←
→ a scalable deep neural network architecture for multi - building and multi - floor indoor localization based on wi - fi fingerprinting ; one of the key technologies for future large - scale location - aware services covering a complex of multi - story buildings --- e . g ., a big shopping mall and a university campus --- is a scalable indoor localization technique . in this paper , we report the current status of our investigation on the use of deep neural networks ( dnns ) for scalable building / floor classification and flo ←
→ camera calibration : a usu implementation ; the task of camera calibration is to estimate the intrinsic and extrinsic parameters of a camera model . though there are some restricted techniques to infer the 3 - d information about the scene from uncalibrated cameras , effective camera calibration procedures will open up the possibility of using a wide range of existing algorithms for 3 - d reconstruction and recognition . the applications of camera calibration include vision - based metrology , robust visual platooni ←
→ tied multitask learning for neural speech translation ; we explore multitask models for neural translation of speech , augmenting them in order to reflect two intuitive notions . first , we introduce a model where the second task decoder receives information from the decoder of the first task , since higher - level intermediate representations should provide useful information . second , we apply regularization that encourages transitivity and invertibility . we show that the application of these notions on jointly ←
→ airport gate scheduling for passengers , aircraft , and operation ; passengers ' experience is becoming a key metric to evaluate the air transportation system ' s performance . efficient and robust tools to handle airport operations are needed along with a better understanding of passengers ' interests and concerns . among various airport operations , this paper studies airport gate scheduling for improved passengers ' experience . three objectives accounting for passengers , aircraft , and operation are presented . trad ←
→ enhancing underwater imagery using generative adversarial networks ; autonomous underwater vehicles ( auvs ) rely on a variety of sensors - acoustic , inertial and visual - for intelligent decision making . due to its non - intrusive , passive nature , and high information content , vision is an attractive sensing modality , particularly at shallower depths . however , factors such as light refraction and absorption , suspended particles in the water , and color distortion affect the quality of visual data , resulting in ←
→ making 360 $^{\ circ }$ video watchable in 2d : learning videography for click free viewing ; 360 $^{\ circ }$ video requires human viewers to actively control " where " to look while watching the video . although it provides a more immersive experience of the visual content , it also introduces additional burden for viewers ; awkward interfaces to navigate the video lead to suboptimal viewing experiences . virtual cinematography is an appealing direction to remedy these problems , but conventional methods are limited ←
→ muffled semi - supervised learning ; we explore a novel approach to semi - supervised learning . this approach is contrary to the common approach in that the unlabeled examples serve to " muffle ," rather than enhance , the guidance provided by the labeled examples . we provide several variants of the basic algorithm and show experimentally that they can achieve significantly higher auc than boosted trees , random forests and logistic regression when unlabeled examples are available .←
→ visual servoing from deep neural networks ; we present a deep neural network - based method to perform high - precision , robust and real - time 6 dof visual servoing . the paper describes how to create a dataset simulating various perturbations ( occlusions and lighting conditions ) from a single real - world image of the scene . a convolutional neural network is fine - tuned using this dataset to estimate the relative pose between two images of the same scene . the output of the network is then employed in a visual servo ←
→ sigma point belief propagation ; the sigma point ( sp ) filter , also known as unscented kalman filter , is an attractive alternative to the extended kalman filter and the particle filter . here , we extend the sp filter to nonsequential bayesian inference corresponding to loopy factor graphs . we propose sigma point belief propagation ( spbp ) as a low - complexity approximation of the belief propagation ( bp ) message passing scheme . spbp achieves approximate marginalizations of posterior distributions corresponding t ←
→ knowledge transfer between artificial intelligence systems ; we consider the fundamental question : how a legacy " student " artificial intelligent ( ai ) system could learn from a legacy " teacher " ai system or a human expert without complete re - training and , most importantly , without requiring significant computational resources . here " learning " is understood as an ability of one system to mimic responses of the other and vice - versa . we call such learning an artificial intelligence knowledge transfer . we show t ←
→ team behavior in interactive dynamic influence diagrams with applications to ad hoc teams ; planning for ad hoc teamwork is challenging because it involves agents collaborating without any prior coordination or communication . the focus is on principled methods for a single agent to cooperate with others . this motivates investigating the ad hoc teamwork problem in the context of individual decision making frameworks . however , individual decision making in multiagent settings faces the task of having to rea ←
→ johnnyvon : self - replicating automata in continuous two - dimensional space ; johnnyvon is an implementation of self - replicating automata in continuous two - dimensional space . two types of particles drift about in a virtual liquid . the particles are automata with discrete internal states but continuous external relationships . their internal states are governed by finite state machines but their external relationships are governed by a simulated physics that includes brownian motion , viscosity , and spring - like a ←
→ cell segmentation with random ferns and graph - cuts ; the progress in imaging techniques have allowed the study of various aspect of cellular mechanisms . to isolate individual cells in live imaging data , we introduce an elegant image segmentation framework that effectively extracts cell boundaries , even in the presence of poor edge details . our approach works in two stages . first , we estimate pixel interior / border / exterior class probabilities using random ferns . then , we use an energy minimization framework ←
→ infinite latent feature selection : a probabilistic latent graph - based ranking approach ; feature selection is playing an increasingly significant role with respect to many computer vision applications spanning from object recognition to visual object tracking . however , most of the recent solutions in feature selection are not robust across different and heterogeneous set of data . in this paper , we address this issue proposing a robust probabilistic latent graph - based feature selection algorithm that perfo ←
→ enhanced characterness for text detection in the wild ; text spotting is an interesting research problem as text may appear at any random place and may occur in various forms . moreover , ability to detect text opens the horizons for improving many advanced computer vision problems . in this paper , we propose a novel language agnostic text detection method utilizing edge enhanced maximally stable extremal regions in natural scenes by defining strong characterness measures . we show that a simple combination of ←
→ simulating non stationary operators in search algorithms ; in this paper , we propose a model for simulating search operators whose behaviour often changes continuously during the search . in these scenarios , the performance of the operators decreases when they are applied . this is motivated by the fact that operators for optimization problems are often roughly classified into exploitation operators and exploration operators . our simulation model is used to compare the different performances of operator selec ←
→ bayesian forecasting of www traffic on the time varying poisson model ; traffic forecasting from past observed traffic data with small calculation complexity is one of important problems for planning of servers and networks . focusing on world wide web ( www ) traffic as fundamental investigation , this paper would deal with bayesian forecasting of network traffic on the time varying poisson model from a viewpoint from statistical decision theory . under this model , we would show that the estimated forecasting v ←
→ robust continuous co - clustering ; clustering consists of grouping together samples giving their similar properties . the problem of modeling simultaneously groups of samples and features is known as co - clustering . this paper introduces rocco - a robust continuous co - clustering algorithm . rocco is a scalable , hyperparameter - free , easy and ready to use algorithm to address co - clustering problems in practice over massive cross - domain datasets . it operates by learning a graph - based two - sided representation of th ←
→ attribute extraction from product titles in ecommerce ; this paper presents a named entity extraction system for detecting attributes in product titles of ecommerce retailers like walmart . the absence of syntactic structure in such short pieces of text makes extracting attribute values a challenging problem . we find that combining sequence labeling algorithms such as conditional random fields and structured perceptron with a curated normalization scheme produces an effective system for the task of extractin ←
→ assisted video sequences indexing : motion analysis based on interest points ; this work deals with content - based video indexing . our viewpoint is semi - automatic analysis of compressed video . we consider the possible applications of motion analysis and moving object detection : assisting moving object indexing , summarising videos , and allowing image and motion queries . we propose an approach based on interest points . as first results , we test and compare the stability of different types of interest point ←
→ computing with hardware neurons : spiking or classical ? perspectives of applied spiking neural networks from the hardware side ; while classical neural networks take a position of a leading method in the machine learning community , spiking neuromorphic systems bring attention and large projects in neuroscience . spiking neural networks were shown to be able to substitute networks of classical neurons in applied tasks . this work explores recent hardware designs focusing on perspective applications ( like conv ←
→ neural question generation from text : a preliminary study ; automatic question generation aims to generate questions from a text passage where the generated questions can be answered by certain sub - spans of the given passage . traditional methods mainly use rigid heuristic rules to transform a sentence into related questions . in this work , we propose to apply the neural encoder - decoder model to generate meaningful and diverse questions from natural language sentences . the encoder reads the input text and the ←
→ semantic segmentation from limited training data ; we present our approach for robotic perception in cluttered scenes that led to winning the recent amazon robotics challenge ( arc ) 2017 . next to small objects with shiny and transparent surfaces , the biggest challenge of the 2017 competition was the introduction of unseen categories . in contrast to traditional approaches which require large collections of annotated data and many hours of training , the task here was to obtain a robust perception pipeline with ←
→ hierarchical quickest change detection via surrogates ; change detection ( cd ) in time series data is a critical problem as it reveal changes in the underlying generative processes driving the time series . despite having received significant attention , one important unexplored aspect is how to efficiently utilize additional correlated information to improve the detection and the understanding of changepoints . we propose hierarchical quickest change detection ( hqcd ), a framework that formalizes the process of ←
→ a new approach for digit recognition based on hand gesture analysis ; we present in this paper a new approach for hand gesture analysis that allows digit recognition . the analysis is based on extracting a set of features from a hand image and then combining them by using an induction graph . the most important features we extract from each image are the fingers locations , their heights and the distance between each pair of fingers . our approach consists of three steps : ( i ) hand detection and localization , ( i ←
→ breast tumor classification based on decision information genes and inverse projection sparse representation ; microarray gene expression data - based breast tumor classification is an active and challenging issue . in this paper , a robust breast tumor recognition framework is presented based on considering reducing clinical misdiagnosis rate and exploiting available information in existing samples . a wrapper gene selection method is established from a new perspective of reducing clinical misdiagnosis rate . ←
→ some remarks on boolean constraint propagation ; we study here the well - known propagation rules for boolean constraints . first we propose a simple notion of completeness for sets of such rules and establish a completeness result . then we show an equivalence in an appropriate sense between boolean constraint propagation and unit propagation , a form of resolution for propositional logic . subsequently we characterize one set of such rules by means of the notion of hyper - arc consistency introduced in ( mohr an ←
→ a new approach for measuring sentiment orientation based on multi - dimensional vector space ; this study implements a vector space model approach to measure the sentiment orientations of words . two representative vectors for positive / negative polarity are constructed using high - dimensional vec - tor space in both an unsupervised and a semi - supervised manner . a sentiment ori - entation value per word is determined by taking the difference between the cosine distances against the two reference vec - tors . these tw ←
→ normalizing the normalizers : comparing and extending network normalization schemes ; normalization techniques have only recently begun to be exploited in supervised learning tasks . batch normalization exploits mini - batch statistics to normalize the activations . this was shown to speed up training and result in better models . however its success has been very limited when dealing with recurrent neural networks . on the other hand , layer normalization normalizes the activations across all activities within a ←
→ the consciousness prior ; a new prior is proposed for representation learning , which can be combined with other priors in order to help disentangling abstract factors from each other . it is inspired by the phenomenon of consciousness seen as the formation of a low - dimensional combination of a few concepts constituting a conscious thought , i . e ., consciousness as awareness at a particular time instant . this provides a powerful constraint on the representation in that such low - dimensional thought vectors can c ←
→ automatic music highlight extraction using convolutional recurrent attention networks ; music highlights are valuable contents for music services . most methods focused on low - level signal features . we propose a method for extracting highlights using high - level features from convolutional recurrent attention networks ( cran ). cran utilizes convolution and recurrent layers for sequential learning with an attention mechanism . the attention allows cran to capture significant snippets for distinguishing between ←
→ noise tolerance under risk minimization ; in this paper we explore noise tolerant learning of classifiers . we formulate the problem as follows . we assume that there is an ${\ bf unobservable }$ training set which is noise - free . the actual training set given to the learning algorithm is obtained from this ideal data set by corrupting the class label of each example . the probability that the class label of an example is corrupted is a function of the feature vector of the example . this would account for most ki ←
→ understanding infographics through textual and visual tag prediction ; we introduce the problem of visual hashtag discovery for infographics : extracting visual elements from an infographic that are diagnostic of its topic . given an infographic as input , our computational approach automatically outputs textual and visual elements predicted to be representative of the infographic content . concretely , from a curated dataset of 29k large infographic images sampled across 26 categories and 391 tags , we present a ←
→ structured attentions for visual question answering ; visual attention , which assigns weights to image regions according to their relevance to a question , is considered as an indispensable part by most visual question answering models . although the questions may involve complex relations among multiple regions , few attention models can effectively encode such cross - region relations . in this paper , we demonstrate the importance of encoding such relations by showing the limited effective receptive field of re ←
→ tractable clustering of data on the curve manifold ; in machine learning it is common to interpret each data point as a vector in euclidean space . however the data may actually be functional i . e .\ each data point is a function of some variable such as time and the function is discretely sampled . the naive treatment of functional data as traditional multivariate data can lead to poor performance since the algorithms are ignoring the correlation in the curvature of each function . in this paper we propose a tr ←
→ combining relational algebra , sql , constraint modelling , and local search ; the goal of this paper is to provide a strong integration between constraint modelling and relational dbmss . to this end we propose extensions of standard query languages such as relational algebra and sql , by adding constraint modelling capabilities to them . in particular , we propose non - deterministic extensions of both languages , which are specially suited for combinatorial problems . non - determinism is introduced by means of a g ←
→ bethe - admm for tree decomposition based parallel map inference ; we consider the problem of maximum a posteriori ( map ) inference in discrete graphical models . we present a parallel map inference algorithm called bethe - admm based on two ideas : tree - decomposition of the graph and the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ). however , unlike the standard admm , we use an inexact admm augmented with a bethe - divergence based proximal function , which makes each subproblem in admm easy to solve in paralle ←
→ conerank : ranking as learning generalized inequalities ; we propose a new data mining approach in ranking documents based on the concept of cone - based generalized inequalities between vectors . a partial ordering between two vectors is made with respect to a proper cone and thus learning the preferences is formulated as learning proper cones . a pairwise learning - to - rank algorithm ( conerank ) is proposed to learn a non - negative subspace , formulated as a polyhedral cone , over document - pair differences . the algo ←
→ spatio - temporal human action localisation and instance segmentation in temporally untrimmed videos ; current state - of - the - art human action recognition is focused on the classification of temporally trimmed videos in which only one action occurs per frame . in this work we address the problem of action localisation and instance segmentation in which multiple concurrent actions of the same class may be segmented out of an image sequence . we cast the action tube extraction as an energy maximisation problem in ←
→ density ratio hidden markov models ; hidden markov models and their variants are the predominant sequential classification method in such domains as speech recognition , bioinformatics and natural language processing . being generative rather than discriminative models , however , their classification performance is a drawback . in this paper we apply ideas from the field of density ratio estimation to bypass the difficult step of learning likelihood functions in hmms . by reformulating inference and model fittin ←
→ multiple - instance learning : radon - nikodym approach to distribution regression problem ; for distribution regression problem , where a bag of $ x $-- observations is mapped to a single $ y $ value , a one -- step solution is proposed . the problem of random distribution to random value is transformed to random vector to random value by taking distribution moments of $ x $ observations in a bag as random vector . then radon -- nikodym or least squares theory can be applied , what give $ y ( x )$ estimator . the probability dist ←
→ convergence rates of biased stochastic optimization for learning sparse ising models ; we study the convergence rate of stochastic optimization of exact ( np - hard ) objectives , for which only biased estimates of the gradient are available . we motivate this problem in the context of learning the structure and parameters of ising models . we first provide a convergence - rate analysis of deterministic errors for forward - backward splitting ( fbs ). we then extend our analysis to biased stochastic errors , by first c ←
→ lifted variable elimination : a novel operator and completeness results ; various methods for lifted probabilistic inference have been proposed , but our understanding of these methods and the relationships between them is still limited , compared to their propositional counterparts . the only existing theoretical characterization of lifting is for weighted first - order model counting ( wfomc ), which was shown to be complete domain - lifted for the class of 2 - logvar models . this paper makes two contributions to lif ←
→ the case for durative actions : a commentary on pddl2 . 1 ; the addition of durative actions to pddl2 . 1 sparked some controversy . fox and long argued that actions should be considered as instantaneous , but can start and stop processes . ultimately , a limited notion of durative actions was incorporated into the language . i argue that this notion is still impoverished , and that the underlying philosophical position of regarding durative actions as being a shorthand for a start action , process , and stop action ign ←
→ lifted convex quadratic programming ; symmetry is the essential element of lifted inference that has recently demon - strated the possibility to perform very efficient inference in highly - connected , but symmetric probabilistic models models . this raises the question , whether this holds for optimisation problems in general . here we show that for a large class of optimisation methods this is actually the case . more precisely , we introduce the concept of fractional symmetries of convex quadratic programs ( qps ),←
→ multi - view constraint propagation with consensus prior knowledge ; in many applications , the pairwise constraint is a kind of weaker supervisory information which can be collected easily . the constraint propagation has been proved to be a success of exploiting such side - information . in recent years , some methods of multi - view constraint propagation have been proposed . however , the problem of reasonably fusing different views remains unaddressed . in this paper , we present a method dubbed consensus prior cons ←
→ what do recurrent neural network grammars learn about syntax ? ; recurrent neural network grammars ( rnng ) are a recently proposed probabilistic generative modeling family for natural language . they show state - of - the - art language modeling and parsing performance . we investigate what information they learn , from a linguistic perspective , through various ablations to the model and the data , and by augmenting the model with an attention mechanism ( ga - rnng ) to enable closer inspection . we find that explicit model ←
→ deconvolution of high - dimensional mixtures via boosting , with application to diffusion - weighted mri of human brain ; diffusion - weighted magnetic resonance imaging ( dwi ) and fiber tractography are the only methods to measure the structure of the white matter in the living human brain . the diffusion signal has been modelled as the combined contribution from many individual fascicles of nerve fibers passing through each location in the white matter . typically , this is done via basis pursuit , but estimation o ←
→ a mutli - thread tabu search algorithm ; this paper describes a novel refinement to a tabu search algorithm that has been implemented in an attempt to improve the robustness of the search when applied to particularly complex problems . in this approach , two tabu searches are carried out in parallel . each search thread is characterised by it ' s own short term memory which forces that point out of local optima . however , the two search threads share an intermediate term memory so allowing a degree of information t ←
→ modeling temporal dependencies in high - dimensional sequences : application to polyphonic music generation and transcription ; we investigate the problem of modeling symbolic sequences of polyphonic music in a completely general piano - roll representation . we introduce a probabilistic model based on distribution estimators conditioned on a recurrent neural network that is able to discover temporal dependencies in high - dimensional sequences . our approach outperforms many traditional models of polyphonic music ←
→ a bag - to - class divergence approach to multiple - instance learning ; in multi - instance ( mi ) learning , each object ( bag ) consists of multiple feature vectors ( instances ), and is most commonly regarded as a set of points in a multidimensional space . a different viewpoint is that the instances are realisations of random vectors with corresponding probability distribution , and that a bag is the distribution , not the realisations . in mi classification , each bag in the training set has a class label , but the instan ←
→ object recognition using deep neural networks : a survey ; recognition of objects using deep neural networks is an active area of research and many breakthroughs have been made in the last few years . the paper attempts to indicate how far this field has progressed . the paper briefly describes the history of research in neural networks and describe several of the recent advances in this field . the performances of recently developed neural network algorithm over benchmark datasets have been tabulated . finally ,←
→ automatic measurement of vowel duration via structured prediction ; a key barrier to making phonetic studies scalable and replicable is the need to rely on subjective , manual annotation . to help meet this challenge , a machine learning algorithm was developed for automatic measurement of a widely used phonetic measure : vowel duration . manually - annotated data were used to train a model that takes as input an arbitrary length segment of the acoustic signal containing a single vowel that is preceded and followe ←
→ learning certifiably optimal rule lists for categorical data ; we present the design and implementation of a custom discrete optimization technique for building rule lists over a categorical feature space . our algorithm produces rule lists with optimal training performance , according to the regularized empirical risk , with a certificate of optimality . by leveraging algorithmic bounds , efficient data structures , and computational reuse , we achieve several orders of magnitude speedup in time and a massive red ←
→ text line segmentation of historical documents : a survey ; there is a huge amount of historical documents in libraries and in various national archives that have not been exploited electronically . although automatic reading of complete pages remains , in most cases , a long - term objective , tasks such as word spotting , text / image alignment , authentication and extraction of specific fields are in use today . for all these tasks , a major step is document segmentation into text lines . because of the low quality an ←
→ a general framework for robust testing and confidence regions in high - dimensional quantile regression ; we propose a robust inferential procedure for assessing uncertainties of parameter estimation in high - dimensional linear models , where the dimension $ p $ can grow exponentially fast with the sample size $ n $. our method combines the de - biasing technique with the composite quantile function to construct an estimator that is asymptotically normal . hence it can be used to construct valid confidence intervals ←
→ a novel multicriteria group decision making approach with intuitionistic fuzzy sir method ; the superiority and inferiority ranking ( sir ) method is a generation of the well - known promethee method , which can be more efficient to deal with multi - criterion decision making ( mcdm ) problem . intuitionistic fuzzy sets ( ifss ), as an important extension of fuzzy sets ( ifs ), include both membership functions and non - membership functions and can be used to , more precisely describe uncertain information . in real world ←
→ learning structured outputs from partial labels using forest ensemble ; learning structured outputs with general structures is computationally challenging , except for tree - structured models . thus we propose an efficient boosting - based algorithm adaboost . mrf for this task . the idea is based on the realization that a graph is a superimposition of trees . different from most existing work , our algorithm can handle partial labelling , and thus is particularly attractive in practice where reliable labels are often ←
→ computing probability intervals under independency constraints ; many ai researchers argue that probability theory is only capable of dealing with uncertainty in situations where a full specification of a joint probability distribution is available , and conclude that it is not suitable for application in knowledge - based systems . probability intervals , however , constitute a means for expressing incompleteness of information . we present a method for computing such probability intervals for probabilities of in ←
→ memory - efficient deep salient object segmentation networks on gridized superpixels ; computer vision algorithms with pixel - wise labeling tasks , such as semantic segmentation and salient object detection , have gone through a significant accuracy increase with the incorporation of deep learning . deep segmentation methods slightly modify and fine - tune pre - trained networks that have hundreds of millions of parameters . in this work , we question the need to have such memory demanding networks for the specific t ←
→ question answering on freebase via relation extraction and textual evidence ; existing knowledge - based question answering systems often rely on small annotated training data . while shallow methods like relation extraction are robust to data scarcity , they are less expressive than the deep meaning representation methods like semantic parsing , thereby failing at answering questions involving multiple constraints . here we alleviate this problem by empowering a relation extraction method with additional evide ←
→ unsupervised learning from narrated instruction videos ; we address the problem of automatically learning the main steps to complete a certain task , such as changing a car tire , from a set of narrated instruction videos . the contributions of this paper are three - fold . first , we develop a new unsupervised learning approach that takes advantage of the complementary nature of the input video and the associated narration . the method solves two clustering problems , one in text and one in video , applied one after ←
→ weakly supervised learning of foreground - background segmentation using masked rbms ; we propose an extension of the restricted boltzmann machine ( rbm ) that allows the joint shape and appearance of foreground objects in cluttered images to be modeled independently of the background . we present a learning scheme that learns this representation directly from cluttered images with only very weak supervision . the model generates plausible samples and performs foreground - background segmentation . we demonstrate ←
→ visual attribute transfer through deep image analogy ; we propose a new technique for visual attribute transfer across images that may have very different appearance but have perceptually similar semantic structure . by visual attribute transfer , we mean transfer of visual information ( such as color , tone , texture , and style ) from one image to another . for example , one image could be that of a painting or a sketch while the other is a photo of a real scene , and both depict the same type of scene . our techn ←
→ capturing semantic similarity for entity linking with convolutional neural networks ; a key challenge in entity linking is making effective use of contextual information to disambiguate mentions that might refer to different entities in different contexts . we present a model that uses convolutional neural networks to capture semantic correspondence between a mention ' s context and a proposed target entity . these convolutional networks operate at multiple granularities to exploit various kinds of topic info ←
→ learning the dependence graph of time series with latent factors ; this paper considers the problem of learning , from samples , the dependency structure of a system of linear stochastic differential equations , when some of the variables are latent . in particular , we observe the time evolution of some variables , and never observe other variables ; from this , we would like to find the dependency structure between the observed variables - separating out the spurious interactions caused by the ( marginalizing out ←
→ neural style representations and the large - scale classification of artistic style ; the artistic style of a painting is a subtle aesthetic judgment used by art historians for grouping and classifying artwork . the recently introduced ` neural - style ' algorithm substantially succeeds in merging the perceived artistic style of one image or set of images with the perceived content of another . in light of this and other recent developments in image analysis via convolutional neural networks , we investigate the e ←
→ object - oriented bayesian networks for a decision support system for antitrust enforcement ; we study an economic decision problem where the actors are two firms and the antitrust authority whose main task is to monitor and prevent firms ' potential anti - competitive behaviour and its effect on the market . the antitrust authority ' s decision process is modelled using a bayesian network where both the relational structure and the parameters of the model are estimated from a data set provided by the authority i ←
→ group sparsity residual with non - local samples for image denoising ; inspired by group - based sparse coding , recently proposed group sparsity residual ( gsr ) scheme has demonstrated superior performance in image processing . however , one challenge in gsr is to estimate the residual by using a proper reference of the group - based sparse coding ( gsc ), which is desired to be as close to the truth as possible . previous researches utilized the estimations from other algorithms ( i . e ., gmm or bm3d ), which are either n ←
→ going further with point pair features ; point pair features is a widely used method to detect 3d objects in point clouds , however they are prone to fail in presence of sensor noise and background clutter . we introduce novel sampling and voting schemes that significantly reduces the influence of clutter and sensor noise . our experiments show that with our improvements , ppfs become competitive against state - of - the - art methods as it outperforms them on several objects from challenging benchmarks , at a low com ←
→ artificial general intelligence through recursive data compression and grounded reasoning : a position paper ; this paper presents a tentative outline for the construction of an artificial , generally intelligent system ( agi ). it is argued that building a general data compression algorithm solving all problems up to a complexity threshold should be the main thrust of research . a measure for partial progress in agi is suggested . although the details are far from being clear , some general properties for a gen ←
→ convexification of learning from constraints ; regularized empirical risk minimization with constrained labels ( in contrast to fixed labels ) is a remarkably general abstraction of learning . for common loss and regularization functions , this optimization problem assumes the form of a mixed integer program ( mip ) whose objective function is non - convex . in this form , the problem is resistant to standard optimization techniques . we construct mips with the same solutions whose objective functions are convex . spec ←
→ a supervised goal directed algorithm in economical choice behaviour : an actor - critic approach ; this paper aims to find an algorithmic structure that affords to predict and explain economical choice behaviour particularly under uncertainty ( random policies ) by manipulating the prevalent actor - critic learning method to comply with the requirements we have been entrusted ever since the field of neuroeconomics dawned on us . whilst skimming some basics of neuroeconomics that seem relevant to our discussion , we ←
→ color orchestra : ordering color palettes for interpolation and prediction ; color theme or color palette can deeply influence the quality and the feeling of a photograph or a graphical design . although color palettes may come from different sources such as online crowd - sourcing , photographs and graphical designs , in this paper , we consider color palettes extracted from fine art collections , which we believe to be an abundant source of stylistic and unique color themes . we aim to capture color styles embed ←
→ classifying clustering schemes ; many clustering schemes are defined by optimizing an objective function defined on the partitions of the underlying set of a finite metric space . in this paper , we construct a framework for studying what happens when we instead impose various structural conditions on the clustering schemes , under the general heading of functoriality . functoriality refers to the idea that one should be able to compare the results of clustering algorithms as one varies the data set , for exampl ←
→ high - resolution multispectral dataset for semantic segmentation ; unmanned aircraft have decreased the cost required to collect remote sensing imagery , which has enabled researchers to collect high - spatial resolution data from multiple sensor modalities more frequently and easily . the increase in data will push the need for semantic segmentation frameworks that are able to classify non - rgb imagery , but this type of algorithmic development requires an increase in publicly available benchmark datasets with cl ←
→ scalable latent tree model and its application to health analytics ; we present an integrated approach to structure and parameter estimation in latent tree graphical models , where some nodes are hidden . our overall approach follows a " divide - and - conquer " strategy that learns models over small groups of variables and iteratively merges into a global solution . the structure learning involves combinatorial operations such as minimum spanning tree construction and local recursive grouping ; the parameter learnin ←
→ a convex formulation for spectral shrunk clustering ; spectral clustering is a fundamental technique in the field of data mining and information processing . most existing spectral clustering algorithms integrate dimensionality reduction into the clustering process assisted by manifold learning in the original space . however , the manifold in reduced - dimensional subspace is likely to exhibit altered properties in contrast with the original space . thus , applying manifold information obtained from the original ←
→ bidirectional attention flow for machine comprehension ; machine comprehension ( mc ), answering a query about a given context paragraph , requires modeling complex interactions between the context and the query . recently , attention mechanisms have been successfully extended to mc . typically these methods use attention to focus on a small portion of the context and summarize it with a fixed - size vector , couple attentions temporally , and / or often form a uni - directional attention . in this paper we introduce the ←
→ language models for handwritten short message services ; handwriting is an alternative method for entering texts composing short message services . however , a whole new language features the texts which are produced . they include for instance abbreviations and other consonantal writing which sprung up for time saving and fashion . we have collected and processed a significant number of such handwriting sms , and used various strategies to tackle this challenging area of handwriting recognition . we proposed to ←
→ an iterative feature selection method for grns inference by exploring topological properties ; an important problem in bioinformatics is the inference of gene regulatory networks ( grn ) from temporal expression profiles . in general , the main limitations faced by grn inference methods is the small number of samples with huge dimensionalities and the noisy nature of the expression measurements . in face of these limitations , alternatives are needed to get better accuracy on the grns inference problem . this wo ←
→ joint pos tagging and dependency parsing with transition - based neural networks ; while part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging and dependency parsing are observed to be closely related , existing work on joint modeling with manually crafted feature templates suffers from the feature sparsity and incompleteness problems . in this paper , we propose an approach to joint pos tagging and dependency parsing using transition - based neural networks . three neural network based classifiers are designed to resolve shift / reduce , t ←
→ a fixed - size encoding method for variable - length sequences with its application to neural network language models ; in this paper , we propose the new fixed - size ordinally - forgetting encoding ( fofe ) method , which can almost uniquely encode any variable - length sequence of words into a fixed - size representation . fofe can model the word order in a sequence using a simple ordinally - forgetting mechanism according to the positions of words . in this work , we have applied fofe to feedforward neural network languag ←
→ weighting scheme for a pairwise multi - label classifier based on the fuzzy confusion matrix ; in this work we addressed the issue of applying a stochastic classifier and a local , fuzzy confusion matrix under the framework of multi - label classification . we proposed a novel solution to the problem of correcting label pairwise ensembles . the main step of the correction procedure is to compute classifier - specific competence and cross - competence measures , which estimates error pattern of the underlying classifi ←
→ a fuzzy brute force matching method for binary image features ; matching of binary image features is an important step in many different computer vision applications . conventionally , an arbitrary threshold is used to identify a correct match from incorrect matches using hamming distance which may improve or degrade the matching results for different input images . this is mainly due to the image content which is affected by the scene , lighting and imaging conditions . this paper presents a fuzzy logic based a ←
→ indexing the event calculus with kd - trees to monitor diabetes ; personal health systems ( phs ) are mobile solutions tailored to monitoring patients affected by chronic non communicable diseases . a patient affected by a chronic disease can generate large amounts of events . type 1 diabetic patients generate several glucose events per day , ranging from at least 6 events per day ( under normal monitoring ) to 288 per day when wearing a continuous glucose monitor ( cgm ) that samples the blood every 5 minutes for sev ←
→ structured prediction by conditional risk minimization ; we propose a general approach for supervised learning with structured output spaces , such as combinatorial and polyhedral sets , that is based on minimizing estimated conditional risk functions . given a loss function defined over pairs of output labels , we first estimate the conditional risk function by solving a ( possibly infinite ) collection of regularized least squares problems . a prediction is made by solving an inference problem that minimizes the ←
→ measuring inconsistency in probabilistic knowledge bases ; this paper develops an inconsistency measure on conditional probabilistic knowledge bases . the measure is based on fundamental principles for inconsistency measures and thus provides a solid theoretical framework for the treatment of inconsistencies in probabilistic expert systems . we illustrate its usefulness and immediate application on several examples and present some formal results . building on this measure we use the shapley value - a well - known ←
→ dynamic trees : a structured variational method giving efficient propagation rules ; dynamic trees are mixtures of tree structured belief networks . they solve some of the problems of fixed tree networks at the cost of making exact inference intractable . for this reason approximate methods such as sampling or mean field approaches have been used . however , mean field approximations assume a factorized distribution over node states . such a distribution seems unlickely in the posterior , as nodes are highly cor ←
→ high dimensional multivariate regression and precision matrix estimation via nonconvex optimization ; we propose a nonconvex estimator for joint multivariate regression and precision matrix estimation in the high dimensional regime , under sparsity constraints . a gradient descent algorithm with hard thresholding is developed to solve the nonconvex estimator , and it attains a linear rate of convergence to the true regression coefficients and precision matrix simultaneously , up to the statistical error . comp ←
→ towards accurate binary convolutional neural network ; we introduce a novel scheme to train binary convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) -- cnns with weights and activations constrained to {- 1 ,+ 1 } at run - time . it has been known that using binary weights and activations drastically reduce memory size and accesses , and can replace arithmetic operations with more efficient bitwise operations , leading to much faster test - time inference and lower power consumption . however , previous works on binarizing cnns usual ←
→ place recognition : an overview of vision perspective ; place recognition is one of the most fundamental topics in computer vision and robotics communities , where the task is to accurately and efficiently recognize the location of a given query image . despite years of wisdom accumulated in this field , place recognition still remains an open problem due to the various ways in which the appearance of real - world places may differ . this paper presents an overview of the place recognition literature . since condit ←
→ pruning variable selection ensembles ; in the context of variable selection , ensemble learning has gained increasing interest due to its great potential to improve selection accuracy and to reduce false discovery rate . a novel ordering - based selective ensemble learning strategy is designed in this paper to obtain smaller but more accurate ensembles . in particular , a greedy sorting strategy is proposed to rearrange the order by which the members are included into the integration process . through stopping the ←
→ multi - document summarization using distributed bag - of - words model ; as the number of documents on the web is growing exponentially , multi - document summarization is becoming more and more important since it can provide the main ideas in a document set in short time . in this paper , we present an unsupervised centroid - based document - level reconstruction framework using distributed bag of words model . specifically , our approach selects summary sentences in order to minimize the reconstruction error between the ←
→ scalable kernel clustering : approximate kernel k - means ; kernel - based clustering algorithms have the ability to capture the non - linear structure in real world data . among various kernel - based clustering algorithms , kernel k - means has gained popularity due to its simple iterative nature and ease of implementation . however , its run - time complexity and memory footprint increase quadratically in terms of the size of the data set , and hence , large data sets cannot be clustered efficiently . in this paper , we prop ←
→ lambek vs . lambek : functorial vector space semantics and string diagrams for lambek calculus ; the distributional compositional categorical ( discocat ) model is a mathematical framework that provides compositional semantics for meanings of natural language sentences . it consists of a computational procedure for constructing meanings of sentences , given their grammatical structure in terms of compositional type - logic , and given the empirically derived meanings of their words . for the particular case that th ←
→ additive belief - network models ; the inherent intractability of probabilistic inference has hindered the application of belief networks to large domains . noisy or - gates [ 30 ] and probabilistic similarity networks [ 18 , 17 ] escape the complexity of inference by restricting model expressiveness . recent work in the application of belief - network models to time - series analysis and forecasting [ 9 , 10 ] has given rise to the additive belief network model ( abnm ). we ( 1 ) discuss the nature and implications of the appro ←
→ image segmentation by iterative inference from conditional score estimation ; inspired by the combination of feedforward and iterative computations in the virtual cortex , and taking advantage of the ability of denoising autoencoders to estimate the score of a joint distribution , we propose a novel approach to iterative inference for capturing and exploiting the complex joint distribution of output variables conditioned on some input variables . this approach is applied to image pixel - wise segmentation , wit ←
→ zero - shot kernel learning ; in this paper , we address an open problem of zero - shot learning . its principle is based on learning a mapping that associates feature vectors extracted from i . e . images and attribute vectors that describe objects and / or scenes of interest . in turns , this allows classifying unseen object classes and / or scenes by matching feature vectors via mapping to a newly defined attribute vector describing a new class . due to importance of such a learning task , there exist many methods that l ←
→ approche multicritère pour le problème de ramassage et de livraison avec fenêtres de temps à plusieurs véhicules ; nowadays , the transport goods problem occupies an important place in the economic life of modern societies . the pickup and delivery problem with time windows ( pdptw ) is one of the problems which a large part of the research was interested . in this paper , we present a a brief literature review of the vrp and the pdptw , propose our multicriteria approach based on genetic algorithms which allows ←
→ knowledge base completion : baselines strike back ; many papers have been published on the knowledge base completion task in the past few years . most of these introduce novel architectures for relation learning that are evaluated on standard datasets such as fb15k and wn18 . this paper shows that the accuracy of almost all models published on the fb15k can be outperformed by an appropriately tuned baseline - our reimplementation of the distmult model . our findings cast doubt on the claim that the performance ←
→ least squares policy iteration with instrumental variables vs . direct policy search : comparison against optimal benchmarks using energy storage ; this paper studies approximate policy iteration ( api ) methods which use least - squares bellman error minimization for policy evaluation . we address several of its enhancements , namely , bellman error minimization using instrumental variables , least - squares projected bellman error minimization , and projected bellman error minimization using instrumental variables . ←
→ robust sonar atr through bayesian pose corrected sparse classification ; sonar imaging has seen vast improvements over the last few decades due in part to advances in synthetic aperture sonar ( sas ). sophisticated classification techniques can now be used in sonar automatic target recognition ( atr ) to locate mines and other threatening objects . among the most promising of these methods is sparse reconstruction - based classification ( src ) which has shown an impressive resiliency to noise , blur , and occlusion . ←
→ parametric matroid of rough set ; rough set is mainly concerned with the approximations of objects through an equivalence relation on a universe . matroid is a combinatorial generalization of linear independence in vector spaces . in this paper , we define a parametric set family , with any subset of a universe as its parameter , to connect rough sets and matroids . on the one hand , for a universe and an equivalence relation on the universe , a parametric set family is defined through the lower approximation opera ←
→ multi - pseudo regularized label for generated samples in person re - identification ; sufficient training data is normally required to train deeply learned models . however , the number of pedestrian images per id in person re - identification ( re - id ) datasets is usually limited , since manually annotations are required for multiple camera views . to produce more data for training deeply learned models , generative adversarial network ( gan ) can be leveraged to generate samples for person re - id . however , the samples ←
→ end - to - end audiovisual speech recognition ; several end - to - end deep learning approaches have been recently presented which extract either audio or visual features from the input images or audio signals and perform speech recognition . however , research on end - to - end audiovisual models is very limited . in this work , we present an end - to - end audiovisual model based on residual networks and bidirectional gated recurrent units ( bgrus ). to the best of our knowledge , this is the first audiovisual fusion model whic ←
→ image retrieval system base on emd similarity measure and s - tree ; the paper approaches the binary signature for each image based on the percentage of the pixels in each color images , at the same time the paper builds a similar measure between images based on emd ( earth mover ' s distance ). besides , the paper proceeded to create the s - tree based on the similar measure emd to store the image ' s binary signatures to quickly query image signature data . from there , the paper build an image retrieval algorithm and ←
→( k , q )- compressed sensing for dmri with joint spatial - angular sparsity prior ; advanced diffusion magnetic resonance imaging ( dmri ) techniques , like diffusion spectrum imaging ( dsi ) and high angular resolution diffusion imaging ( hardi ), remain underutilized compared to diffusion tensor imaging because the scan times needed to produce accurate estimations of fiber orientation are significantly longer . to accelerate dsi and hardi , recent methods from compressed sensing ( cs ) exploit a sparse underlying repres ←
→ unsupervised word mapping using structural similarities in monolingual embeddings ; most existing methods for automatic bilingual dictionary induction rely on prior alignments between the source and target languages , such as parallel corpora or seed dictionaries . for many language pairs , such supervised alignments are not readily available . we propose an unsupervised approach for learning a bilingual dictionary for a pair of languages given their independently - learned monolingual word embeddings . the prop ←
→ causal interpretation rules for encoding and decoding models in neuroimaging ; causal terminology is often introduced in the interpretation of encoding and decoding models trained on neuroimaging data . in this article , we investigate which causal statements are warranted and which ones are not supported by empirical evidence . we argue that the distinction between encoding and decoding models is not sufficient for this purpose : relevant features in encoding and decoding models carry a different meaning in ←
→ spectral learning of large structured hmms for comparative epigenomics ; we develop a latent variable model and an efficient spectral algorithm motivated by the recent emergence of very large data sets of chromatin marks from multiple human cell types . a natural model for chromatin data in one cell type is a hidden markov model ( hmm ); we model the relationship between multiple cell types by connecting their hidden states by a fixed tree of known structure . the main challenge with learning parameters of such ←
→ superspike : supervised learning in multi - layer spiking neural networks ; a vast majority of computation in the brain is performed by spiking neural networks . despite the ubiquity of such spiking , we currently lack an understanding of how biological spiking neural circuits learn and compute in - vivo , as well as how we can instantiate such capabilities in artificial spiking circuits in - silico . here we revisit the problem of supervised learning in temporally coding multi - layer spiking neural networks . first , by ←
→ transformation - based models of video sequences ; in this work we propose a simple unsupervised approach for next frame prediction in video . instead of directly predicting the pixels in a frame given past frames , we predict the transformations needed for generating the next frame in a sequence , given the transformations of the past frames . this leads to sharper results , while using a smaller prediction model . in order to enable a fair comparison between different video frame prediction models , we also prop ←
→ feeding hand - crafted features for enhancing the performance of convolutional neural networks ; since the convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is be - lieved to find right features for a given problem , the study of hand - crafted features is somewhat neglected these days . in this paper , we show that finding an appropriate feature for the given problem may be still important as they can en - hance the performance of cnn - based algorithms . specif - ically , we show that feeding an appropriate feature to the cnn enhan ←
→( bandit ) convex optimization with biased noisy gradient oracles ; algorithms for bandit convex optimization and online learning often rely on constructing noisy gradient estimates , which are then used in appropriately adjusted first - order algorithms , replacing actual gradients . depending on the properties of the function to be optimized and the nature of " noise " in the bandit feedback , the bias and variance of gradient estimates exhibit various tradeoffs . in this paper we propose a novel framework that repl ←
→ frequency domain tof : encoding object depth in modulation frequency ; time of flight cameras may emerge as the 3 - d sensor of choice . today , time of flight sensors use phase - based sampling , where the phase delay between emitted and received , high - frequency signals encodes distance . in this paper , we present a new time of flight architecture that relies only on frequency --- we refer to this technique as frequency - domain time of flight ( fd - tof ). inspired by optical coherence tomography ( oct ), fd - tof excels when ←
→ compressive light field reconstructions using deep learning ; light field imaging is limited in its computational processing demands of high sampling for both spatial and angular dimensions . single - shot light field cameras sacrifice spatial resolution to sample angular viewpoints , typically by multiplexing incoming rays onto a 2d sensor array . while this resolution can be recovered using compressive sensing , these iterative solutions are slow in processing a light field . we present a deep learning approach ←
→ structure regularization for structured prediction : theories and experiments ; while there are many studies on weight regularization , the study on structure regularization is rare . many existing systems on structured prediction focus on increasing the level of structural dependencies within the model . however , this trend could have been misdirected , because our study suggests that complex structures are actually harmful to generalization ability in structured prediction . to control structure - based overfit ←
→ the application of fuzzy logic to the construction of the ranking function of information retrieval systems ; the quality of the ranking function is an important factor that determines the quality of the information retrieval system . each document is assigned a score by the ranking function ; the score indicates the likelihood of relevance of the document given a query . in the vector space model , the ranking function is defined by a mathematic expression . we propose a fuzzy logic ( fl ) approach to defining ←
→ back analysis based on som - rst system ; this paper describes application of information granulation theory , on the back analysis of jeffrey mine southeast wall quebec . in this manner , using a combining of self organizing map ( som ) and rough set theory ( rst ), crisp and rough granules are obtained . balancing of crisp granules and sub rough granules is rendered in close - open iteration . combining of hard and soft computing , namely finite difference method ( fdm ) and computational intelligence and taking in to ac ←
→ classification and learning - to - rank approaches for cross - device matching at cikm cup 2016 ; in this paper , we propose two methods for tackling the problem of cross - device matching for online advertising at cikm cup 2016 . the first method considers the matching problem as a binary classification task and solve it by utilizing ensemble learning techniques . the second method defines the matching problem as a ranking task and effectively solve it with using learning - to - rank algorithms . the results show that t ←
→ emergence , competition and dynamical stabilization of dissipative rotating spiral waves in an excitable medium : a computational model based on cellular automata ; we report some qualitatively new features of emergence , competition and dynamical stabilization of dissipative rotating spiral waves ( rsws ) in the cellular - automaton model of laser - like excitable media proposed in arxiv : cond - mat / 0410460v2 ; arxiv : cond - mat / 0602345 . part of the observed features are caused by unusual mechanism of excitation vor ←
→ a pooling approach to modelling spatial relations for image retrieval and annotation ; over the last two decades we have witnessed strong progress on modeling visual object classes , scenes and attributes that have significantly contributed to automated image understanding . on the other hand , surprisingly little progress has been made on incorporating a spatial representation and reasoning in the inference process . in this work , we propose a pooling interpretation of spatial relations and show how it impro ←
→ symmetries in modal logics ; we generalize the notion of symmetries of propositional formulas in conjunctive normal form to modal formulas . our framework uses the coinductive models and , hence , the results apply to a wide class of modal logics including , for example , hybrid logics . our main result shows that the symmetries of a modal formula preserve entailment .←
→ analysis of feature detector and descriptor combinations with a localization experiment for various performance metrics ; the purpose of this study is to provide a detailed performance comparison of feature detector / descriptor methods , particularly when their various combinations are used for image - matching . the localization experiments of a mobile robot in an indoor environment are presented as a case study . in these experiments , 3090 query images and 127 dataset images were used . this study includes fiv ←
→ characterizing diseases from unstructured text : a vocabulary driven word2vec approach ; traditional disease surveillance can be augmented with a wide variety of real - time sources such as , news and social media . however , these sources are in general unstructured and , construction of surveillance tools such as taxonomical correlations and trace mapping involves considerable human supervision . in this paper , we motivate a disease vocabulary driven word2vec model ( dis2vec ) to model diseases and constituent at ←
→ finding bottlenecks : predicting student attrition with unsupervised classifier ; with pressure to increase graduation rates and reduce time to degree in higher education , it is important to identify at - risk students early . automated early warning systems are therefore highly desirable . in this paper , we use unsupervised clustering techniques to predict the graduation status of declared majors in five departments at california state university northridge ( csun ), based on a minimal number of lower division ←
→ predicting vehicular travel times by modeling heterogeneous influences between arterial roads ; predicting travel times of vehicles in urban settings is a useful and tangible quantity of interest in the context of intelligent transportation systems . we address the problem of travel time prediction in arterial roads using data sampled from probe vehicles . there is only a limited literature on methods using data input from probe vehicles . the spatio - temporal dependencies captured by existing data driven app ←
→ simulation approaches to general probabilistic inference on belief networks ; a number of algorithms have been developed to solve probabilistic inference problems on belief networks . these algorithms can be divided into two main groups : exact techniques which exploit the conditional independence revealed when the graph structure is relatively sparse , and probabilistic sampling techniques which exploit the " conductance " of an embedded markov chain when the conditional probabilities have non - extreme values .←
→ orthographic syllable as basic unit for smt between related languages ; we explore the use of the orthographic syllable , a variable - length consonant - vowel sequence , as a basic unit of translation between related languages which use abugida or alphabetic scripts . we show that orthographic syllable level translation significantly outperforms models trained over other basic units ( word , morpheme and character ) when training over small parallel corpora .←
→ joint weakly and semi - supervised deep learning for localization and classification of masses in breast ultrasound images ; we propose a framework for localization and classification of masses in breast ultrasound ( bus ) images . in particular , we simultaneously use a weakly annotated dataset and a relatively small strongly annotated dataset to train a convolutional neural network detector . we have experimentally found that mass detectors trained with small , strongly annotated datasets are easily overfitted ,←
→ cost - effective training of deep cnns with active model adaptation ; deep convolutional neural networks have achieved great success in various applications . however , training an effective dnn model for a specific task is rather challenging because it requires a prior knowledge or experience to design the network architecture , repeated trial - and - error process to tune the parameters , and a large set of labeled data to train the model . in this paper , we propose to overcome these challenges by actively adapting ←
→ the quadrifocal variety ; multi - view geometry is reviewed from an algebraic geometry perspective and multi - focal tensors are constructed as equivariant projections of the grassmannian . a connection to the principal minor assignment problem is made by considering several flatlander cameras . the ideal of the quadrifocal variety is computed up to degree 8 ( and partially in degree 9 ) using the representations of $\ operatorname { gl }( 3 )^{\ times 4 }$ in the polynomial ring on the space of $ 3 \ times 3 \ times 3 \ times ←
→ hands - free segmentation of medical volumes via binary inputs ; we propose a novel hands - free method to interactively segment 3d medical volumes . in our scenario , a human user progressively segments an organ by answering a series of questions of the form " is this voxel inside the object to segment ?". at each iteration , the chosen question is defined as the one halving a set of candidate segmentations given the answered questions . for a quick and efficient exploration , these segmentations are sampled accordin ←
→ best of both worlds : transferring knowledge from discriminative learning to a generative visual dialog model ; we present a novel training framework for neural sequence models , particularly for grounded dialog generation . the standard training paradigm for these models is maximum likelihood estimation ( mle ), or minimizing the cross - entropy of the human responses . across a variety of domains , a recurring problem with mle trained generative neural dialog models ( g ) is that they tend to produce ' safe ' and ge ←
→ generalizing jeffrey conditionalization ; jeffrey ' s rule has been generalized by wagner to the case in which new evidence bounds the possible revisions of a prior probability below by a dempsterian lower probability . classical probability kinematics arises within this generalization as the special case in which the evidentiary focal elements of the bounding lower probability are pairwise disjoint . we discuss a twofold extension of this generalization , first allowing the lower bound to be any two - monotone ca ←
→ recovery of simultaneous low rank and two - way sparse coefficient matrices , a nonconvex approach ; we study the problem of recovery of matrices that are simultaneously low rank and row and / or column sparse . such matrices appear in recent applications in cognitive neuroscience , imaging , computer vision , macroeconomics , and genetics . we propose a gdt ( gradient descent with hard thresholding ) algorithm to efficiently recover matrices with such structure , by minimizing a bi - convex function over a nonconvex set ←
→ analyzing modular cnn architectures for joint depth prediction and semantic segmentation ; this paper addresses the task of designing a modular neural network architecture that jointly solves different tasks . as an example we use the tasks of depth estimation and semantic segmentation given a single rgb image . the main focus of this work is to analyze the cross - modality influence between depth and semantic prediction maps on their joint refinement . while most previous works solely focus on measuring impro ←
→ ubsegnet : unified biometric region of interest segmentation network ; digital human identity management , can now be seen as a social necessity , as it is essentially required in almost every public sector such as , financial inclusions , security , banking , social networking e . t . c . hence , in today ' s rampantly emerging world with so many adversarial entities , relying on a single biometric trait is being too optimistic . in this paper , we have proposed a novel end - to - end , unified biometric roi segmentation network ←
→ self - organizing maps and generalization : an algorithmic description of numerosity and variability effects ; category , or property generalization is a central function in the human cognition . it plays a crucial role in a variety of domains , such as learning , everyday reasoning , specialized reasoning , and decision making . judging the content of a dish as edible , a hormone level as healthy , a building as belonging to the same architectural style as previously seen buildings , are examples of category generali ←
→ from algorithmic black boxes to adaptive white boxes : declarative decision - theoretic ethical programs as codes of ethics ; ethics of algorithms is an emerging topic in various disciplines such as social science , law , and philosophy , but also artificial intelligence ( ai ). the value alignment problem expresses the challenge of ( machine ) learning values that are , in some way , aligned with human requirements or values . in this paper i argue for looking at how humans have formalized and communicated values , in ←
→ the mind as a computational system ; the present document is an excerpt of an essay that i wrote as part of my application material to graduate school in computer science ( with a focus on artificial intelligence ), in 1986 . i was not invited by any of the schools that received it , so i became a theoretical physicist instead . the essay ' s full title was " some topics in philosophy and computer science ". i am making this text ( unchanged from 1985 , preserving the typesetting as much as possible ) available now in ←
→ thoughts on a recursive classifier graph : a multiclass network for deep object recognition ; we propose a general multi - class visual recognition model , termed the classifier graph , which aims to generalize and integrate ideas from many of today ' s successful hierarchical recognition approaches . our graph - based model has the advantage of enabling rich interactions between classes from different levels of interpretation and abstraction . the proposed multi - class system is efficiently learned using step by ste ←
→ emotional metaheuristics for in - situ foraging using sensor constrained robot swarms ; we present a new social animal inspired emotional swarm intelligence technique . this technique is used to solve a variant of the popular collective robots problem called foraging . we show with a simulation study how simple interaction rules based on sensations like hunger and loneliness can lead to globally coherent emergent behavior which allows sensor constrained robots to solve the given problem ←
→ an overview of machine teaching ; in this paper we try to organize machine teaching as a coherent set of ideas . each idea is presented as varying along a dimension . the collection of dimensions then form the problem space of machine teaching , such that existing teaching problems can be characterized in this space . we hope this organization allows us to gain deeper understanding of individual teaching problems , discover connections among them , and identify gaps in the field .←
→ facial affect estimation in the wild using deep residual and convolutional networks ; automated affective computing in the wild is a challenging task in the field of computer vision . this paper presents three neural network - based methods proposed for the task of facial affect estimation submitted to the first affect - in - the - wild challenge . these methods are based on inception - resnet modules redesigned specifically for the task of facial affect estimation . these methods are : shallow inception - resnet , deep i ←
→ a real - time and registration - free framework for dynamic shape instantiation ; real - time 3d navigation during minimally invasive procedures is an essential yet challenging task , especially when considerable tissue motion is involved . to balance image acquisition speed and resolution , only 2d images or low - resolution 3d volumes can be used clinically . in this paper , a real - time and registration - free framework for dynamic shape instantiation , generalizable to multiple anatomical applications , is proposed to ←
→ learning a bidirectional mapping between human whole - body motion and natural language using deep recurrent neural networks ; linking human whole - body motion and natural language is of great interest for the generation of semantic representations of observed human behaviors as well as for the generation of robot behaviors based on natural language input . while there has been a large body of research in this area , most approaches that exist today require a symbolic representation of motions ( e . g . in the for ←
→ hand - guided 3d surface acquisition by combining simple light sectioning with real - time algorithms ; precise 3d measurements of rigid surfaces are desired in many fields of application like quality control or surgery . often , views from all around the object have to be acquired for a full 3d description of the object surface . we present a sensor principle called " flying triangulation " which avoids an elaborate " stop - and - go " procedure . it combines a low - cost classical light - section sensor with an algorithmic ←
→ outlier cluster formation in spectral clustering ; outlier detection and cluster number estimation is an important issue for clustering real data . this paper focuses on spectral clustering , a time - tested clustering method , and reveals its important properties related to outliers . the highlights of this paper are the following two mathematical observations : first , spectral clustering ' s intrinsic property of an outlier cluster formation , and second , the singularity of an outlier cluster with a valid cluster n ←
→ learnable pooling regions for image classification ; biologically inspired , from the early hmax model to spatial pyramid matching , pooling has played an important role in visual recognition pipelines . spatial pooling , by grouping of local codes , equips these methods with a certain degree of robustness to translation and deformation yet preserving important spatial information . despite the predominance of this approach in current recognition systems , we have seen little progress to fully adapt the pooling st ←
→ morpho - syntactic lexicon generation using graph - based semi - supervised learning ; morpho - syntactic lexicons provide information about the morphological and syntactic roles of words in a language . such lexicons are not available for all languages and even when available , their coverage can be limited . we present a graph - based semi - supervised learning method that uses the morphological , syntactic and semantic relations between words to automatically construct wide coverage lexicons from small seed sets . our ←
→ flow - gan : combining maximum likelihood and adversarial learning in generative models ; adversarial learning of probabilistic models has recently emerged as a promising alternative to maximum likelihood . implicit models such as generative adversarial networks ( gan ) often generate better samples compared to explicit models trained by maximum likelihood . yet , gans sidestep the characterization of an explicit density which makes quantitative evaluations challenging . to bridge this gap , we propose flow - gans , a ←
→ resource adaptive agents in interactive theorem proving ; we introduce a resource adaptive agent mechanism which supports the user in interactive theorem proving . the mechanism uses a two layered architecture of agent societies to suggest appropriate commands together with possible command argument instantiations . experiments with this approach show that its effectiveness can be further improved by introducing a resource concept . in this paper we provide an abstract view on the overall mechanism , motivate t ←
→ drone squadron optimization : a self - adaptive algorithm for global numerical optimization ; this paper proposes drone squadron optimization , a new self - adaptive metaheuristic for global numerical optimization which is updated online by a hyper - heuristic . dso is an artifact - inspired technique , as opposed to many algorithms used nowadays , which are nature - inspired . dso is very flexible because it is not related to behaviors or natural phenomena . dso has two core parts : the semi - autonomous drones that fly ove ←
→ scalable bayesian modelling of paired symbols ; we present a novel , scalable and bayesian approach to modelling the occurrence of pairs of symbols ( i , j ) drawn from a large vocabulary . observed pairs are assumed to be generated by a simple popularity based selection process followed by censoring using a preference function . by basing inference on the well - founded principle of variational bounding , and using new site - independent bounds , we show how a scalable inference procedure can be obtained for large data ←
→ visually aligned word embeddings for improving zero - shot learning ; zero - shot learning ( zsl ) highly depends on a good semantic embedding to connect the seen and unseen classes . recently , distributed word embeddings ( dwe ) pre - trained from large text corpus have become a popular choice to draw such a connection . compared with human defined attributes , dwes are more scalable and easier to obtain . however , they are designed to reflect semantic similarity rather than visual similarity and thus using them in zsl ←
→ end - to - end video - level representation learning for action recognition ; from the frame / clip - level feature learning to the video - level representation building , deep learning methods in action recognition have developed rapidly in recent years . however , current methods suffer from the confusion caused by partial observation training , or without end - to - end learning , or restricted to single temporal scale modeling and so on . in this paper , we build upon two - stream convnets and propose deep networks with tempora ←
→ local - search techniques for propositional logic extended with cardinality constraints ; we study local - search satisfiability solvers for propositional logic extended with cardinality atoms , that is , expressions that provide explicit ways to model constraints on cardinalities of sets . adding cardinality atoms to the language of propositional logic facilitates modeling search problems and often results in concise encodings . we propose two `` native '' local - search solvers for theories in the extended language ←
→ advantages and limitations of using successor features for transfer in reinforcement learning ; one question central to reinforcement learning is how to learn a feature representation that supports algorithm scaling and re - use of learned information from different tasks . successor features approach this problem by learning a feature representation that satisfies a temporal constraint . we present an implementation of an approach that decouples the feature representation from the reward function , making it ←
→ gans for sequences of discrete elements with the gumbel - softmax distribution ; generative adversarial networks ( gan ) have limitations when the goal is to generate sequences of discrete elements . the reason for this is that samples from a distribution on discrete objects such as the multinomial are not differentiable with respect to the distribution parameters . this problem can be avoided by using the gumbel - softmax distribution , which is a continuous approximation to a multinomial distribution parameteriz ←
→ conditional similarity networks ; what makes images similar ? to measure the similarity between images , they are typically embedded in a feature - vector space , in which their distance preserve the relative dissimilarity . however , when learning such similarity embeddings the simplifying assumption is commonly made that images are only compared to one unique measure of similarity . a main reason for this is that contradicting notions of similarities cannot be captured in a single space . to address this shortcomi ←
→ complexity results and practical algorithms for logics in knowledge representation ; description logics ( dls ) are used in knowledge - based systems to represent and reason about terminological knowledge of the application domain in a semantically well - defined manner . in this thesis , we establish a number of novel complexity results and give practical algorithms for expressive dls that provide different forms of counting quantifiers . we show that , in many cases , adding local counting in the form of qualify ←
→ learning discriminative features via label consistent neural network ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) enforces supervised information only at the output layer , and hidden layers are trained by back propagating the prediction error from the output layer without explicit supervision . we propose a supervised feature learning approach , label consistent neural network , which enforces direct supervision in late hidden layers . we associate each neuron in a hidden layer with a particular class label and e ←
→ robojam : a musical mixture density network for collaborative touchscreen interaction ; robojam is a machine - learning system for generating music that assists users of a touchscreen music app by performing responses to their short improvisations . this system uses a recurrent artificial neural network to generate sequences of touchscreen interactions and absolute timings , rather than high - level musical notes . to accomplish this , robojam ' s network uses a mixture density layer to predict appropriate touch int ←
→ driven to distraction : self - supervised distractor learning for robust monocular visual odometry in urban environments ; we present a self - supervised approach to ignoring " distractors " in camera images for the purposes of robustly estimating vehicle motion in cluttered urban environments . we leverage offline multi - session mapping approaches to automatically generate a per - pixel ephemerality mask and depth map for each input image , which we use to train a deep convolutional network . at run - time we use the p ←
→ video - based sign language recognition without temporal segmentation ; millions of hearing impaired people around the world routinely use some variants of sign languages to communicate , thus the automatic translation of a sign language is meaningful and important . currently , there are two sub - problems in sign language recognition ( slr ), i . e ., isolated slr that recognizes word by word and continuous slr that translates entire sentences . existing continuous slr methods typically utilize isolated slrs as buildi ←
→ unmasking the abnormal events in video ; we propose a novel framework for abnormal event detection in video that requires no training sequences . our framework is based on unmasking , a technique previously used for authorship verification in text documents , which we adapt to our task . we iteratively train a binary classifier to distinguish between two consecutive video sequences while removing at each step the most discriminant features . higher training accuracy rates of the intermediately obtained classifie ←
→ fine - grained recognition datasets for biodiversity analysis ; in the following paper , we present and discuss challenging applications for fine - grained visual classification ( fgvc ): biodiversity and species analysis . we not only give details about two challenging new datasets suitable for computer vision research with up to 675 highly similar classes , but also present first results with localized features using convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). we conclude with a list of challenging new research direction ←
→ isec : iterative over - segmentation via edge clustering ; several image pattern recognition tasks rely on superpixel generation as a fundamental step . image analysis based on superpixels facilitates domain - specific applications , also speeding up the overall processing time of the task . recent superpixel methods have been designed to fit boundary adherence , usually regulating the size and shape of each superpixel in order to mitigate the occurrence of undersegmentation failures . superpixel regularity and compa ←
→ tools for terminology processing ; automatic terminology processing appeared 10 years ago when electronic corpora became widely available . such processing may be statistically or linguistically based and produces terminology resources that can be used in a number of applications : indexing , information retrieval , technology watch , etc . we present the tools that have been developed in the irin institute . they all take as input texts ( or collection of texts ) and reflect different states of terminology process ←
→ swish : swi - prolog for sharing ; recently , we see a new type of interfaces for programmers based on web technology . for example , jsfiddle , ipython notebook and r - studio . web technology enables cloud - based solutions , embedding in tutorial web pages , atractive rendering of results , web - scale cooperative development , etc . this article describes swish , a web front - end for prolog . a public website exposes swi - prolog using swish , which is used to run small prolog programs for demonstration , experimentation and edu ←
→ time - sensitive customer churn prediction based on pu learning ; with the fast development of internet companies throughout the world , customer churn has become a serious concern . to better help the companies retain their customers , it is important to build a customer churn prediction model to identify the customers who are most likely to churn ahead of time . in this paper , we propose a time - sensitive customer churn prediction ( tccp ) framework based on positive and unlabeled ( pu ) learning technique . specific ←
→ sparse nonparametric graphical models ; we present some nonparametric methods for graphical modeling . in the discrete case , where the data are binary or drawn from a finite alphabet , markov random fields are already essentially nonparametric , since the cliques can take only a finite number of values . continuous data are different . the gaussian graphical model is the standard parametric model for continuous data , but it makes distributional assumptions that are often unrealistic . we discuss two approaches to ←
→ on the existence and convergence computable universal priors ; solomonoff unified occam ' s razor and epicurus ' principle of multiple explanations to one elegant , formal , universal theory of inductive inference , which initiated the field of algorithmic information theory . his central result is that the posterior of his universal semimeasure m converges rapidly to the true sequence generating posterior mu , if the latter is computable . hence , m is eligible as a universal predictor in case of unknown mu . we inve ←
→ a brief state of the art for ontology authoring ; one of the main challenges for building the semantic web is ontology authoring . controlled natural languages cnls offer a user friendly means for non - experts to author ontologies . this paper provides a snapshot of the state - of - the - art for the core cnls for ontology authoring and reviews their respective evaluations .←
→ pace : pattern accurate computationally efficient bootstrapping for timely discovery of cyber - security concepts ; public disclosure of important security information , such as knowledge of vulnerabilities or exploits , often occurs in blogs , tweets , mailing lists , and other online sources months before proper classification into structured databases . in order to facilitate timely discovery of such knowledge , we propose a novel semi - supervised learning algorithm , pace , for identifying and classifying relevant ←
→ on the generalization error bounds of neural networks under diversity - inducing mutual angular regularization ; recently diversity - inducing regularization methods for latent variable models ( lvms ), which encourage the components in lvms to be diverse , have been studied to address several issues involved in latent variable modeling : ( 1 ) how to capture long - tail patterns underlying data ; ( 2 ) how to reduce model complexity without sacrificing expressivity ; ( 3 ) how to improve the interpretability of learned pa ←
→ community identity and user engagement in a multi - community landscape ; a community ' s identity defines and shapes its internal dynamics . our current understanding of this interplay is mostly limited to glimpses gathered from isolated studies of individual communities . in this work we provide a systematic exploration of the nature of this relation across a wide variety of online communities . to this end we introduce a quantitative , language - based typology reflecting two key aspects of a community ' s identity :←
→ evolutionary image transition based on theoretical insights of random processes ; evolutionary algorithms have been widely studied from a theoretical perspective . in particular , the area of runtime analysis has contributed significantly to a theoretical understanding and provided insights into the working behaviour of these algorithms . we study how these insights into evolutionary processes can be used for evolutionary art . we introduce the notion of evolutionary image transition which transfers a given s ←
→ unobtrusive low cost pupil size measurements using web cameras ; unobtrusive every day health monitoring can be of important use for the elderly population . in particular , pupil size may be a valuable source of information , since , apart from pathological cases , it can reveal the emotional state , the fatigue and the ageing . to allow for unobtrusive monitoring to gain acceptance , one should seek for efficient methods of monitoring using com - mon low - cost hardware . this paper describes a method for monitoring ←
→ simultaneous safe screening of features and samples in doubly sparse modeling ; the problem of learning a sparse model is conceptually interpreted as the process of identifying active features / samples and then optimizing the model over them . recently introduced safe screening allows us to identify a part of non - active features / samples . so far , safe screening has been individually studied either for feature screening or for sample screening . in this paper , we introduce a new approach for safely screening f ←
→ hi - rf : incremental learning random forest for large - scale multi - class data classification ; in recent years , dynamically growing data and incrementally growing number of classes pose new challenges to large - scale data classification research . most traditional methods struggle to balance the precision and computational burden when data and its number of classes increased . however , some methods are with weak precision , and the others are time - consuming . in this paper , we propose an incremental learning meth ←
→ convolutional dictionary learning via local processing ; convolutional sparse coding ( csc ) is an increasingly popular model in the signal and image processing communities , tackling some of the limitations of traditional patch - based sparse representations . although several works have addressed the dictionary learning problem under this model , these relied on an admm formulation in the fourier domain , losing the sense of locality and the relation to the traditional patch - based sparse pursuit . a recent work su ←
→ simulating user learning in authoritative technology adoption : an agent based model for council - led smart meter deployment planning in the uk ; how do technology users effectively transit from having zero knowledge about a technology to making the best use of it after an authoritative technology adoption ? this post - adoption user learning has received little research attention in technology management literature . in this paper we investigate user learning in authoritative technology adoption by developing ←
→ an automatic approach for document - level topic model evaluation ; topic models jointly learn topics and document - level topic distribution . extrinsic evaluation of topic models tends to focus exclusively on topic - level evaluation , e . g . by assessing the coherence of topics . we demonstrate that there can be large discrepancies between topic - and document - level model quality , and that basing model evaluation on topic - level analysis can be highly misleading . we propose a method for automatically predicting topic ←
→ eigenvectors of orthogonally decomposable functions ; the eigendecomposition of quadratic forms ( symmetric matrices ) guaranteed by the spectral theorem is a foundational result in applied mathematics . motivated by a shared structure found in inferential problems of recent interest --- namely orthogonal tensor decompositions , independent component analysis ( ica ), topic models , spectral clustering , and gaussian mixture learning --- we generalize the eigendecomposition from quadratic forms to a broad class of " ort ←
→ a density - sensitive hierarchical clustering method ; we define a hierarchical clustering method : $\ alpha $- unchaining single linkage or $ sl (\ alpha )$. the input of this algorithm is a finite metric space and a certain parameter $\ alpha $. this method is sensitive to the density of the distribution and offers some solution to the so called chaining effect . we also define a modified version , $ sl ^*(\ alpha )$, to treat the chaining through points or small blocks . we study the theoretical properties of these methods ←
→ applications of data mining ( dm ) in science and engineering : state of the art and perspectives ; the continuous increase in the availability of data of any kind , coupled with the development of networks of high - speed communications , the popularization of cloud computing and the growth of data centers and the emergence of high - performance computing does essential the task to develop techniques that allow more efficient data processing and analyzing of large volumes datasets and extraction of valuable infor ←
→ phrase based language model for statistical machine translation ; we consider phrase based language models ( lm ), which generalize the commonly used word level models . similar concept on phrase based lms appears in speech recognition , which is rather specialized and thus less suitable for machine translation ( mt ). in contrast to the dependency lm , we first introduce the exhaustive phrase - based lms tailored for mt use . preliminary experimental results show that our approach outperform word based lms with the ←
→ generalizing redundancy in propositional logic : foundations and hitting sets duality ; detection and elimination of redundant clauses from propositional formulas in conjunctive normal form ( cnf ) is a fundamental problem with numerous application domains , including ai , and has been the subject of extensive research . moreover , a number of recent applications motivated various extensions of this problem . for example , unsatisfiable formulas partitioned into disjoint subsets of clauses ( so - called groups ) often ←
→ globally consistent algorithms for mixture of experts ; mixture - of - experts ( moe ) is a widely popular neural network architecture and is a basic building block of highly successful modern neural networks , for example , gated recurrent units ( gru ) and attention networks . however , despite the empirical success , finding an efficient and provably consistent algorithm to learn the parameters remains a long standing open problem for more than two decades . in this paper , we introduce the first algorithm that learns ←
→ tracking using numerous anchor points ; in this paper , an online adaptive model - free tracker is proposed to track single objects in video sequences to deal with real - world tracking challenges like low - resolution , object deformation , occlusion and motion blur . the novelty lies in the construction of a strong appearance model that captures features from the initialized bounding box and then are assembled into anchor - point features . these features memorize the global pattern of the object and have an internal ←
→ can a chatbot determine my diet ?: addressing challenges of chatbot application for meal recommendation ; poor nutrition can lead to reduced immunity , increased susceptibility to disease , impaired physical and mental development , and reduced productivity . a conversational agent can support people as a virtual coach , however building such systems still have its associated challenges and limitations . this paper describes the background and motivation for chatbot systems in the context of healthy nutrition re ←
→ geometric insights into support vector machine behavior using the kkt conditions ; the support vector machine ( svm ) is a powerful and widely used classification algorithm . its performance is well known to be impacted by a tuning parameter which is frequently selected by cross - validation . this paper uses the karush - kuhn - tucker conditions to provide rigorous mathematical proof for new insights into the behavior of svm in the large and small tuning parameter regimes . these insights provide perhaps unexpected ←
→ enhancing use case points estimation method using soft computing techniques ; software estimation is a crucial task in software engineering . software estimation encompasses cost , effort , schedule , and size . the importance of software estimation becomes critical in the early stages of the software life cycle when the details of software have not been revealed yet . several commercial and non - commercial tools exist to estimate software in the early stages . most software effort estimation methods require soft ←
→ good arm identification via bandit feedback ; we consider a novel stochastic multi - armed bandit problem called {\ em good arm identification } ( gai ), where a good arm is defined as an arm with expected reward greater than or equal to a given threshold . gai is a pure - exploration problem that a single agent repeats a process of outputting an arm as soon as it is identified as a good one before confirming the other arms are actually not good . the objective of gai is to minimize the number of samples for each pro ←
→ agreement - based joint training for bidirectional attention - based neural machine translation ; the attentional mechanism has proven to be effective in improving end - to - end neural machine translation . however , due to the intricate structural divergence between natural languages , unidirectional attention - based models might only capture partial aspects of attentional regularities . we propose agreement - based joint training for bidirectional attention - based end - to - end neural machine translation . instead of trai ←
→ deep learning in rf sub - sampled b - mode ultrasound imaging ; in portable , three dimensional , and ultra - fast ultrasound ( us ) imaging systems , there is an increasing need to reconstruct high quality images from a limited number of rf data from receiver ( rx ) or scan - line ( sc ) sub - sampling . however , due to the severe side lobe artifacts from rf sub - sampling , the standard beam - former often produces blurry images with less contrast that are not suitable for diagnostic purpose . to address this problem , some researc ←
→ prediction with expert advice for the brier game ; we show that the brier game of prediction is mixable and find the optimal learning rate and substitution function for it . the resulting prediction algorithm is applied to predict results of football and tennis matches . the theoretical performance guarantee turns out to be rather tight on these data sets , especially in the case of the more extensive tennis data .←
→ causes and explanations : a structural - model approach --- part 1 : causes ; we propose a new definition of actual causes , using structural equations to model counterfactuals . we show that the definitions yield a plausible and elegant account ofcausation that handles well examples which have caused problems forother definitions and resolves major difficulties in the traditionalaccount . in a companion paper , we show how the definition of causality can beused to give an elegant definition of ( causal ) explanation .←
→ topology preserving thinning for cell complexes ; a topology preserving skeleton is a synthetic representation of an object that retains its topology and many of its significant morphological properties . the process of obtaining the skeleton , referred to as skeletonization or thinning , is a very active research area . it plays a central role in reducing the amount of information to be processed during image analysis and visualization , computer - aided diagnosis or by pattern recognition algorithms . this pape ←
→ construction of latent descriptor space and inference model of hand - object interactions ; appearance - based generic object recognition is a challenging problem because all possible appearances of objects cannot be registered , especially as new objects are produced every day . function of objects , however , has a comparatively small number of prototypes . therefore , function - based classification of new objects could be a valuable tool for generic object recognition . object functions are closely related to hand ←
→ revisiting summarization evaluation for scientific articles ; evaluation of text summarization approaches have been mostly based on metrics that measure similarities of system generated summaries with a set of human written gold - standard summaries . the most widely used metric in summarization evaluation has been the rouge family . rouge solely relies on lexical overlaps between the terms and phrases in the sentences ; therefore , in cases of terminology variations and paraphrasing , rouge is not as effective . s ←
→ differential evolution with event - triggered impulsive control ; differential evolution ( de ) is a simple but powerful evolutionary algorithm , which has been widely and successfully used in various areas . in this paper , an event - triggered impulsive control scheme ( eti ) is introduced to improve the performance of de . impulsive control , the concept of which derives from control theory , aims at regulating the states of a network by instantly adjusting the states of a fraction of nodes at certain instants , and th ←
→ robust camera location estimation by convex programming ; $ 3 $ d structure recovery from a collection of $ 2 $ d images requires the estimation of the camera locations and orientations , i . e . the camera motion . for large , irregular collections of images , existing methods for the location estimation part , which can be formulated as the inverse problem of estimating $ n $ locations $\ mathbf { t } _1 , \ mathbf { t } _2 , \ ldots , \ mathbf { t } _n $ in $\ mathbb { r }^ 3 $ from noisy measurements of a subset of the pairwise directions $\ fra ←
→ local search heuristics : fitness cloud versus fitness landscape ; this paper introduces the concept of fitness cloud as an alternative way to visualize and analyze search spaces than given by the geographic notion of fitness landscape . it is argued that the fitness cloud concept overcomes several deficiencies of the landscape representation . our analysis is based on the correlation between fitness of solutions and fitnesses of nearest solutions according to some neighboring . we focus on the behavior of loca ←
→ improved stability of whole brain surface parcellation with multi - atlas segmentation ; whole brain segmentation and cortical surface parcellation are essential in understanding the anatomical - functional relationships of the brain . multi - atlas segmentation has been regarded as one of the leading segmentation methods for the whole brain segmentation . in our recent work , the multi - atlas technique has been adapted to surface reconstruction using a method called multi - atlas cruise ( macruise ). the macruise meth ←
→ constrained variable clustering and the best basis problem in functional data analysis ; functional data analysis involves data described by regular functions rather than by a finite number of real valued variables . while some robust data analysis methods can be applied directly to the very high dimensional vectors obtained from a fine grid sampling of functional data , all methods benefit from a prior simplification of the functions that reduces the redundancy induced by the regularity . in this paper we p ←
→ bounded optimal exploration in mdp ; within the framework of probably approximately correct markov decision processes ( pac - mdp ), much theoretical work has focused on methods to attain near optimality after a relatively long period of learning and exploration . however , practical concerns require the attainment of satisfactory behavior within a short period of time . in this paper , we relax the pac - mdp conditions to reconcile theoretically driven exploration methods and practical needs . we propose simple algor ←
→ predicting nearly as well as the optimal twice differentiable regressor ; we study nonlinear regression of real valued data in an individual sequence manner , where we provide results that are guaranteed to hold without any statistical assumptions . we address the convergence and undertraining issues of conventional nonlinear regression methods and introduce an algorithm that elegantly mitigates these issues via an incremental hierarchical structure , ( i . e ., via an incremental decision tree ). particularly , we ←
→ hamiltonian annealed importance sampling for partition function estimation ; we introduce an extension to annealed importance sampling that uses hamiltonian dynamics to rapidly estimate normalization constants . we demonstrate this method by computing log likelihoods in directed and undirected probabilistic image models . we compare the performance of linear generative models with both gaussian and laplace priors , product of experts models with laplace and student ' s t experts , the mc - rbm , and a bilinear gen ←
→ equilibrium graphs ; in this paper we present an extension of peirce ' s existential graphs to provide a diagrammatic representation of expressions in quantified equilibrium logic ( qel ). using this formalisation , logical connectives are replaced by encircled regions ( circles and squares ) and quantified variables are represented as " identity " lines . although the expressive power is equivalent to that of qel , the new representation can be useful for illustrative or educational purposes .←
→ latent ransac ; we present a method that can evaluate a ransac hypothesis in constant time , i . e . independent of the size of the data . a key observation here is that correct hypotheses are tightly clustered together in the latent parameter domain . in a manner similar to the generalized hough transform we seek to find this cluster , only that we need as few as two votes for a successful detection . rapidly locating such pairs of similar hypotheses is made possible by adapting the recent " random grids " range - sea ←
→ practical evaluation and optimization of contextual bandit algorithms ; we study and empirically optimize contextual bandit learning , exploration , and problem encodings across 500 + datasets , creating a reference for practitioners and discovering or reinforcing a number of natural open problems for researchers . across these experiments we show that minimizing the amount of exploration is a key design goal for practical performance . remarkably , many problems can be solved purely via the implicit exploration i ←
→ overlapping trace norms in multi - view learning ; multi - view learning leverages correlations between different sources of data to make predictions in one view based on observations in another view . a popular approach is to assume that , both , the correlations between the views and the view - specific covariances have a low - rank structure , leading to inter - battery factor analysis , a model closely related to canonical correlation analysis . we propose a convex relaxation of this model using structured norm regular ←
→ structural health monitoring using neural network based vibrational system identification ; composite fabrication technologies now provide the means for producing high - strength , low - weight panels , plates , spars and other structural components which use embedded fiber optic sensors and piezoelectric transducers . these materials , often referred to as smart structures , make it possible to sense internal characteristics , such as delaminations or structural degradation . in this effort we use neural network bas ←
→ unfolding partiality and disjunctions in stable model semantics ; the paper studies an implementation methodology for partial and disjunctive stable models where partiality and disjunctions are unfolded from a logic program so that an implementation of stable models for normal ( disjunction - free ) programs can be used as the core inference engine . the unfolding is done in two separate steps . firstly , it is shown that partial stable models can be captured by total stable models using a simple linear and modula ←
→ ecosystem - oriented distributed evolutionary computing ; we create a novel optimisation technique inspired by natural ecosystems , where the optimisation works at two levels : a first optimisation , migration of genes which are distributed in a peer - to - peer network , operating continuously in time ; this process feeds a second optimisation based on evolutionary computing that operates locally on single peers and is aimed at finding solutions to satisfy locally relevant constraints . we consider from the domain of ←
→ pyramidbox : a context - assisted single shot face detector ; face detection has been well studied for many years and one of the remaining challenges is to detect small , blurred and partially occluded faces in uncontrolled environment . this paper proposes a novel context - assisted single shot face detector , named pyramidbox , to handle the hard face detection problem . observing the importance of the context , we improve the utilization of contextual information in the following three aspects . first , we design a n ←
→ skin lesion segmentation : u - nets versus clustering ; many automatic skin lesion diagnosis systems use segmentation as a preprocessing step to diagnose skin conditions because skin lesion shape , border irregularity , and size can influence the likelihood of malignancy . this paper presents , examines and compares two different approaches to skin lesion segmentation . the first approach uses u - nets and introduces a histogram equalization based preprocessing step . the second approach is a c - means clustering based ←
→ sufficient and necessary causation are dual ; causation has been the issue of philosophic debate since hippocrates . recent work defines actual causation in terms of pearl / halpern ' s causality framework , formalizing necessary causes ( ijcai ' 15 ). this has inspired causality notions in the security domain ( csf ' 15 ), which , perhaps surprisingly , formalize sufficient causes instead . we provide an explicit relation between necessary and sufficient causes .←
→ off the beaten lane : ai challenges in mobas beyond player control ; mobas represent a huge segment of online gaming and are growing as both an esport and a casual genre . the natural starting point for ai researchers interested in mobas is to develop an ai to play the game better than a human - but mobas have many more challenges besides adversarial ai . in this paper we introduce the reader to the wider context of moba culture , propose a range of challenges faced by the community today , and posit concrete ai ←
→ exact icl maximization in a non - stationary time extension of the latent block model for dynamic networks ; the latent block model ( lbm ) is a flexible probabilistic tool to describe interactions between node sets in bipartite networks , but it does not account for interactions of time varying intensity between nodes in unknown classes . in this paper we propose a non stationary temporal extension of the lbm that clusters simultaneously the two node sets of a bipartite network and constructs classes of time i ←
→ design and analysis of the nips 2016 review process ; neural information processing systems ( nips ) is a top - tier annual conference in machine learning . the 2016 edition of the conference comprised more than 2 , 400 paper submissions , 3 , 000 reviewers , and 8 , 000 attendees , representing a growth of nearly 40 % in terms of submissions , 96 % in terms of reviewers , and over 100 % in terms of attendees as compared to the previous year . in this report , we analyze several aspects of the data collected during the review p ←
→ on the equivalence of factorized information criterion regularization and the chinese restaurant process prior ; factorized information criterion ( fic ) is a recently developed information criterion , based on which a novel model selection methodology , namely factorized asymptotic bayesian ( fab ) inference , has been developed and successfully applied to various hierarchical bayesian models . the dirichlet process ( dp ) prior , and one of its well known representations , the chinese restaurant process ( crp ), deri ←
→ scalable and distributed clustering via lightweight coresets ; coresets are compact representations of data sets such that models trained on a coreset are provably competitive with models trained on the full data set . as such , they have been successfully used to scale up clustering models to massive data sets . while existing approaches generally only allow for multiplicative approximation errors , we propose a novel notion of coresets called lightweight coresets that allows for both multiplicative and additi ←
→ polygon matching and indexing under affine transformations ; given a collection $\{ z_1 , z_2 ,\ ldots , z_m \}$ of $ n $- sided polygons in the plane and a query polygon $ w $ we give algorithms to find all $ z_ \ ell $ such that $ w = f ( z_ \ ell )$ with $ f $ an unknown similarity transformation in time independent of the size of the collection . if $ f $ is a known affine transformation , we show how to find all $ z_ \ ell $ such that $ w = f ( z_ \ ell )$ in $ o ( n +\ log ( m ))$ time . for a pair $ w , w ^\ prime $ of polygons we can find all the pairs $←
→ experimental results : reinforcement learning of pomdps using spectral methods ; we propose a new reinforcement learning algorithm for partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdp ) based on spectral decomposition methods . while spectral methods have been previously employed for consistent learning of ( passive ) latent variable models such as hidden markov models , pomdps are more challenging since the learner interacts with the environment and possibly changes the future observations in the process ←
→ when will ai exceed human performance ? evidence from ai experts ; advances in artificial intelligence ( ai ) will transform modern life by reshaping transportation , health , science , finance , and the military . to adapt public policy , we need to better anticipate these advances . here we report the results from a large survey of machine learning researchers on their beliefs about progress in ai . researchers predict ai will outperform humans in many activities in the next ten years , such as translating languages ←
→ automated detection of non - relevant posts on the russian imageboard " 2ch ": importance of the choice of word representations ; this study considers the problem of automated detection of non - relevant posts on web forums and discusses the approach of resolving this problem by approximation it with the task of detection of semantic relatedness between the given post and the opening post of the forum discussion thread . the approximated task could be resolved through learning the supervised classifier with a co ←
→ recurrent network - based deterministic policy gradient for solving bipedal walking challenge on rugged terrains ; this paper presents the learning algorithm based on the recurrent network - based deterministic policy gradient . the long - short term memory is utilized to enable the partially observed markov decision process framework . the novelty are improvements of lstm networks : update of multi - step temporal difference , removal of backpropagation through time on actor , initialisation of hidden state using pas ←
→ the right mutation strength for multi - valued decision variables ; the most common representation in evolutionary computation are bit strings . this is ideal to model binary decision variables , but less useful for variables taking more values . with very little theoretical work existing on how to use evolutionary algorithms for such optimization problems , we study the run time of simple evolutionary algorithms on some onemax - like functions defined over $\ omega = \{ 0 , 1 , \ dots , r - 1 \}^ n $. more precisely , we rega ←
→ deep convolutional neural networks for action recognition using depth map sequences ; recently , deep learning approach has achieved promising results in various fields of computer vision . in this paper , a new framework called hierarchical depth motion maps ( hdmm ) + 3 channel deep convolutional neural networks ( 3convnets ) is proposed for human action recognition using depth map sequences . firstly , we rotate the original depth data in 3d pointclouds to mimic the rotation of cameras , so that our algorithms c ←
→ improving text classification with vectors of reduced precision ; this paper presents the analysis of the impact of a floating - point number precision reduction on the quality of text classification . the precision reduction of the vectors representing the data ( e . g . tf - idf representation in our case ) allows for a decrease of computing time and memory footprint on dedicated hardware platforms . the impact of precision reduction on the classification quality was performed on 5 corpora , using 4 different classif ←
→ obfuscated gradients give a false sense of security : circumventing defenses to adversarial examples ; we identify obfuscated gradients , a kind of gradient masking , as a phenomenon that leads to a false sense of security in defenses against adversarial examples . while defenses that cause obfuscated gradients appear to defeat iterative optimization - based attacks , we find defenses relying on this effect can be circumvented . for each of the three types of obfuscated gradients we discover , we describe characte ←
→ a critical examination of rescal for completion of knowledge bases with transitive relations ; link prediction in large knowledge graphs has received a lot of attention recently because of its importance for inferring missing relations and for completing and improving noisily extracted knowledge graphs . over the years a number of machine learning researchers have presented various models for predicting the presence of missing relations in a knowledge base . although all the previous methods are presented w ←
→ nonconvex sparse logistic regression with weakly convex regularization ; in this work we propose to fit a sparse logistic regression model by a weakly convex regularized nonconvex optimization problem . the idea is based on the finding that a weakly convex function as an approximation of the $\ ell_0 $ pseudo norm is able to better induce sparsity than the commonly used $\ ell_1 $ norm . for a class of weakly convex sparsity inducing functions , we prove the nonconvexity of the corresponding sparse logistic regres ←
→ automated problem identification : regression vs classification via evolutionary deep networks ; regression or classification ? this is perhaps the most basic question faced when tackling a new supervised learning problem . we present an evolutionary deep learning ( edl ) algorithm that automatically solves this by identifying the question type with high accuracy , along with a proposed deep architecture . typically , a significant amount of human insight and preparation is required prior to executing machine lea ←
→ fourier analysis and holographic representations of 1d and 2d signals ; in this paper , we focus on fourier analysis and holographic transforms for signal representation . for instance , in the case of image processing , the holographic representation has the property that an arbitrary portion of the transformed image enables reconstruction of the whole image with details missing . we focus on holographic representation defined through the fourier transforms . thus , we firstly review some results in fourier trans ←
→ context tree selection and linguistic rhythm retrieval from written texts ; the starting point of this article is the question " how to retrieve fingerprints of rhythm in written texts ?" we address this problem in the case of brazilian and european portuguese . these two dialects of modern portuguese share the same lexicon and most of the sentences they produce are superficially identical . yet they are conjectured , on linguistic grounds , to implement different rhythms . we show that this linguistic question ←
→ mining compressed repetitive gapped sequential patterns efficiently ; mining frequent sequential patterns from sequence databases has been a central research topic in data mining and various efficient mining sequential patterns algorithms have been proposed and studied . recently , in many problem domains ( e . g , program execution traces ), a novel sequential pattern mining research , called mining repetitive gapped sequential patterns , has attracted the attention of many researchers , considering not only the rep ←
→ ista - net : iterative shrinkage - thresholding algorithm inspired deep network for image compressive sensing ; traditional methods for image compressive sensing ( cs ) reconstruction solve a well - defined inverse problem that is based on a predefined cs model , which defines the underlying structure of the problem and is generally solved by employing convergent iterative solvers . these optimization - based cs methods face the challenge of choosing optimal transforms and tuning parameters in their solvers , while als ←
→ geometric calibration of colour and stereo surface imaging system of esa ' s trace gas orbiter ; there are many geometric calibration methods for " standard " cameras . these methods , however , cannot be used for the calibration of telescopes with large focal lengths and complex off - axis optics . moreover , specialized calibration methods for the telescopes are scarce in literature . we describe the calibration method that we developed for the colour and stereo surface imaging system ( cassis ) telescope , on board o ←
→ 3d trajectory reconstruction of dynamic objects using planarity constraints ; we present a method to reconstruct the three - dimensional trajectory of a moving instance of a known object category in monocular video data . we track the two - dimensional shape of objects on pixel level exploiting instance - aware semantic segmentation techniques and optical flow cues . we apply structure from motion techniques to object and background images to determine for each frame camera poses relative to object instances and ←
→ non - flat road detection based on a local descriptor ; the detection of road and free space remains challenging for non - flat plane , especially with the varying latitudinal and longitudinal slope or in the case of multi - ground plane . in this paper , we propose a framework of the ground plane detection with stereo vision . the main contribution of this paper is a newly proposed descriptor which is implemented in the disparity image to obtain a disparity texture image . the ground plane regions can be distinguishe ←
→ reasoning about knowledge and strategies : epistemic strategy logic ; in this paper we introduce epistemic strategy logic ( esl ), an extension of strategy logic with modal operators for individual knowledge . this enhanced framework allows us to represent explicitly and to reason about the knowledge agents have of their own and other agents ' strategies . we provide a semantics to esl in terms of epistemic concurrent game models , and consider the corresponding model checking problem . we show that the complexity ←
→ improving negative sampling for word representation using self - embedded features ; although the word - popularity based negative sampler has shown superb performance in the skip - gram model , the theoretical motivation behind oversampling popular ( non - observed ) words as negative samples is still not well understood . in this paper , we start from an investigation of the gradient vanishing issue in the skip - gram model without a proper negative sampler . by performing an insightful analysis from the stochastic gra ←
→ improve captcha ' s security using gaussian blur filter ; providing security for webservers against unwanted and automated registrations has become a big concern . to prevent these kinds of false registrations many websites use captchas . among all kinds of captchas ocr - based or visual captchas are very common . actually visual captcha is an image containing a sequence of characters . so far most of visual captchas , in order to resist against ocr programs , use some common implementations such as wrapping the char ←
→ complexity of inference in graphical models ; it is well - known that inference in graphical models is hard in the worst case , but tractable for models with bounded treewidth . we ask whether treewidth is the only structural criterion of the underlying graph that enables tractable inference . in other words , is there some class of structures with unbounded treewidth in which inference is tractable ? subject to a combinatorial hypothesis due to robertson et al . ( 1994 ), we show that low treewidth is indeed the onl ←
→ slide : a useful special case of the cardpath constraint ; we study the cardpath constraint . this ensures a given constraint holds a number of times down a sequence of variables . we show that slide , a special case of cardpath where the slid constraint must hold always , can be used to encode a wide range of sliding sequence constraints including cardpath itself . we consider how to propagate slide and provide a complete propagator for cardpath . since propagation is np - hard in general , we identify special cases ←
→ stochastic variance reduction methods for policy evaluation ; policy evaluation is a crucial step in many reinforcement - learning procedures , which estimates a value function that predicts states ' long - term value under a given policy . in this paper , we focus on policy evaluation with linear function approximation over a fixed dataset . we first transform the empirical policy evaluation problem into a ( quadratic ) convex - concave saddle point problem , and then present a primal - dual batch gradient method , as well ←
→ a novel method to study bottom - up visual saliency and its neural mechanism ; in this study , we propose a novel method to measure bottom - up saliency maps of natural images . in order to eliminate the influence of top - down signals , backward masking is used to make stimuli ( natural images ) subjectively invisible to subjects , however , the bottom - up saliency can still orient the subjects attention . to measure this orientation / attention effect , we adopt the cueing effect paradigm by deploying discrimination task ←
→ learning image conditioned label space for multilabel classification ; this work addresses the task of multilabel image classification . inspired by the great success from deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for single - label visual - semantic embedding , we exploit extending these models for multilabel images . specifically , we propose an image - dependent ranking model , which returns a ranked list of labels according to its relevance to the input image . in contrast to conventional cnn models that learn an i ←
→ improved estimation in time varying models ; locally adapted parameterizations of a model ( such as locally weighted regression ) are expressive but often suffer from high variance . we describe an approach for reducing the variance , based on the idea of estimating simultaneously a transformed space for the model , as well as locally adapted parameterizations in this new space . we present a new problem formulation that captures this idea and illustrate it in the important context of time varying models . we deve ←
→ information content versus word length in natural language : a reply to ferrer - i - cancho and moscoso del prado martin [ arxiv : 1209 . 1751 ] ; recently , ferrer i cancho and moscoso del prado martin [ arxiv : 1209 . 1751 ] argued that an observed linear relationship between word length and average surprisal ( piantadosi , tily , & gibson , 2011 ) is not evidence for communicative efficiency in human language . we discuss several shortcomings of their approach and critique : their model critically rests on inaccurate assumptio ←
→ a hybrid learning algorithm for text classification ; text classification is the process of classifying documents into predefined categories based on their content . existing supervised learning algorithms to automatically classify text need sufficient documents to learn accurately . this paper presents a new algorithm for text classification that requires fewer documents for training . instead of using words , word relation i . e association rules from these words is used to derive feature set from preclassified ←
→ using transfer learning for image - based cassava disease detection ; cassava is the third largest source of carbohydrates for human food in the world but is vulnerable to virus diseases , which threaten to destabilize food security in sub - saharan africa . novel methods of cassava disease detection are needed to support improved control which will prevent this crisis . image recognition offers both a cost effective and scalable technology for disease detection . new transfer learning methods offer an avenue for t ←
→ aslib : a benchmark library for algorithm selection ; the task of algorithm selection involves choosing an algorithm from a set of algorithms on a per - instance basis in order to exploit the varying performance of algorithms over a set of instances . the algorithm selection problem is attracting increasing attention from researchers and practitioners in ai . years of fruitful applications in a number of domains have resulted in a large amount of data , but the community lacks a standard format or repository for ←
→ image super - resolution via sparse bayesian modeling of natural images ; image super - resolution ( sr ) is one of the long - standing and active topics in image processing community . a large body of works for image super resolution formulate the problem with bayesian modeling techniques and then obtain its maximum - a - posteriori ( map ) solution , which actually boils down to a regularized regression task over separable regularization term . although straightforward , this approach cannot exploit the full potential offe ←
→ robust incremental neural semantic graph parsing ; parsing sentences to linguistically - expressive semantic representations is a key goal of natural language processing . yet statistical parsing has focused almost exclusively on bilexical dependencies or domain - specific logical forms . we propose a neural encoder - decoder transition - based parser which is the first full - coverage semantic graph parser for minimal recursion semantics ( mrs ). the model architecture uses stack - based embedding features , predicting gra ←
→ nonlocal low - rank tensor factor analysis for image restoration ; low - rank signal modeling has been widely leveraged to capture non - local correlation in image processing applications . we propose a new method that employs low - rank tensor factor analysis for tensors generated by grouped image patches . the low - rank tensors are fed into the alternative direction multiplier method ( admm ) to further improve image reconstruction . the motivating application is compressive sensing ( cs ), and a deep convolutional archi ←
→ scaling up inductive logic programming by learning from interpretations ; when comparing inductive logic programming ( ilp ) and attribute - value learning techniques , there is a trade - off between expressive power and efficiency . inductive logic programming techniques are typically more expressive but also less efficient . therefore , the data sets handled by current inductive logic programming systems are small according to general standards within the data mining community . the main source of inefficiency lies ←
→ greedy biomarker discovery in the genome with applications to antimicrobial resistance ; the set covering machine ( scm ) is a greedy learning algorithm that produces sparse classifiers . we extend the scm for datasets that contain a huge number of features . the whole genetic material of living organisms is an example of such a case , where the number of feature exceeds 10 ^ 7 . three human pathogens were used to evaluate the performance of the scm at predicting antimicrobial resistance . our results show that th ←
→ alternating estimation for structured high - dimensional multi - response models ; we consider learning high - dimensional multi - response linear models with structured parameters . by exploiting the noise correlations among responses , we propose an alternating estimation ( altest ) procedure to estimate the model parameters based on the generalized dantzig selector . under suitable sample size and resampling assumptions , we show that the error of the estimates generated by altest , with high probability , converges l ←
→ bio - inspired data mining : treating malware signatures as biosequences ; the application of machine learning to bioinformatics problems is well established . less well understood is the application of bioinformatics techniques to machine learning and , in particular , the representation of non - biological data as biosequences . the aim of this paper is to explore the effects of giving amino acid representation to problematic machine learning data and to evaluate the benefits of supplementing traditional machine l ←
→ an efficient quantum algorithm for generative machine learning ; a central task in the field of quantum computing is to find applications where quantum computer could provide exponential speedup over any classical computer . machine learning represents an important field with broad applications where quantum computer may offer significant speedup . several quantum algorithms for discriminative machine learning have been found based on efficient solving of linear algebraic problems , with potential exponential ←
→ netgan : generating graphs via random walks ; we propose netgan - the first implicit generative model for graphs able to mimic real - world networks . we pose the problem of graph generation as learning the distribution of biased random walks over the input graph . the proposed model is based on a stochastic neural network that generates discrete output samples and is trained using the wasserstein gan objective . netgan is able to produce graphs that exhibit the well - known network patterns without explicitly spec ←
→ joint training of generic cnn - crf models with stochastic optimization ; we propose a new cnn - crf end - to - end learning framework , which is based on joint stochastic optimization with respect to both convolutional neural network ( cnn ) and conditional random field ( crf ) parameters . while stochastic gradient descent is a standard technique for cnn training , it was not used for joint models so far . we show that our learning method is ( i ) general , i . e . it applies to arbitrary cnn and crf architectures and potentia ←
→ post - reconstruction deconvolution of pet images by total generalized variation regularization ; improving the quality of positron emission tomography ( pet ) images , affected by low resolution and high level of noise , is a challenging task in nuclear medicine and radiotherapy . this work proposes a restoration method , achieved after tomographic reconstruction of the images and targeting clinical situations where raw data are often not accessible . based on inverse problem methods , our contribution introduces ←
→ quantitative neural network model of the tip - of - the - tongue phenomenon based on synthesized memory - psycholinguistic - metacognitive approach ; a new three - stage computer artificial neural network model of the tip - of - the - tongue phenomenon is proposed . each word ' s node is build from some interconnected learned auto - associative two - layer neural networks each of which represents separate word ' s semantic , lexical , or phonological components . the model synthesizes memory , psycholinguistic , and metamemory approache ←
→ predicting parameters in deep learning ; we demonstrate that there is significant redundancy in the parameterization of several deep learning models . given only a few weight values for each feature it is possible to accurately predict the remaining values . moreover , we show that not only can the parameter values be predicted , but many of them need not be learned at all . we train several different architectures by learning only a small number of weights and predicting the rest . in the best case we are able t ←
→ about unitary rating score constructing ; it is offered to pool test points of different subjects and different aspects of the same subject together in order to get the unitary rating score , by the way of nonlinear transformation of indicator points in accordance with zipf ' s distribution . it is proposed to use the well - studied distribution of intellectuality quotient iq as the reference distribution for latent variable " progress in studies ".←
→ managing contextual artificial neural networks with a service - based mediator ; today , a wide variety of probabilistic and expert ai systems used to analyze real world inputs such as unstructured text , sounds , images , and statistical data . however , all these systems exist on different platforms , with different implementations , and with very different , often very specific goals in mind . this paper introduces a concept for a mediator framework for such systems and seeks to show several architectures which wo ←
→ knowledge guided disambiguation for large - scale scene classification with multi - resolution cnns ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have made remarkable progress on scene recognition , partially due to these recent large - scale scene datasets , such as the places and places2 . scene categories are often defined by multi - level information , including local objects , global layout , and background environment , thus leading to large intra - class variations . in addition , with the increasing number of scene categor ←
→ detecting multiword phrases in mathematical text corpora ; we present an approach for detecting multiword phrases in mathematical text corpora . the method used is based on characteristic features of mathematical terminology . it makes use of a software tool named lingo which allows to identify words by means of previously defined dictionaries for specific word classes as adjectives , personal names or nouns . the detection of multiword groups is done algorithmically . possible advantages of the method for index ←
→ the famine of forte : few search problems greatly favor your algorithm ; casting machine learning as a type of search , we demonstrate that the proportion of problems that are favorable for a fixed algorithm is strictly bounded , such that no single algorithm can perform well over a large fraction of them . our results explain why we must either continue to develop new learning methods year after year or move towards highly parameterized models that are both flexible and sensitive to their hyperparameters . we f ←
→ analysis of solution quality of a multiobjective optimization - based evolutionary algorithm for knapsack problem ; multi - objective optimisation is regarded as one of the most promising ways for dealing with constrained optimisation problems in evolutionary optimisation . this paper presents a theoretical investigation of a multi - objective optimisation evolutionary algorithm for solving the 0 - 1 knapsack problem . two initialisation methods are considered in the algorithm : local search initialisation and greed ←
→ regularized spherical polar fourier diffusion mri with optimal dictionary learning ; compressed sensing ( cs ) takes advantage of signal sparsity or compressibility and allows superb signal reconstruction from relatively few measurements . based on cs theory , a suitable dictionary for sparse representation of the signal is required . in diffusion mri ( dmri ), cs methods were proposed to reconstruct diffusion - weighted signal and the ensemble average propagator ( eap ), and there are two kinds of dictionary learni ←
→ a multifaceted evaluation of neural versus phrase - based machine translation for 9 language directions ; we aim to shed light on the strengths and weaknesses of the newly introduced neural machine translation paradigm . to that end , we conduct a multifaceted evaluation in which we compare outputs produced by state - of - the - art neural machine translation and phrase - based machine translation systems for 9 language directions across a number of dimensions . specifically , we measure the similarity of the outputs , ←
→ regional active contours based on variational level sets and machine learning for image segmentation ; image segmentation is the problem of partitioning an image into different subsets , where each subset may have a different characterization in terms of color , intensity , texture , and / or other features . segmentation is a fundamental component of image processing , and plays a significant role in computer vision , object recognition , and object tracking . active contour models ( acms ) constitute a powerful ener ←
→ integrating selectional preferences in wordnet ; selectional preference learning methods have usually focused on word - to - class relations , e . g ., a verb selects as its subject a given nominal class . this paper extends previous statistical models to class - to - class preferences , and presents a model that learns selectional preferences for classes of verbs , together with an algorithm to integrate the learned preferences in wordnet . the theoretical motivation is twofold : different senses of a verb may have differe ←
→ compositional human pose regression ; regression based methods are not performing as well as detection based methods for human pose estimation . a central problem is that the structural information in the pose is not well exploited in the previous regression methods . in this work , we propose a structure - aware regression approach . it adopts a reparameterized pose representation using bones instead of joints . it exploits the joint connection structure to define a compositional loss function that encodes the lo ←
→ hajj and umrah event recognition datasets ; in this note , new hajj and umrah event recognition datasets ( huer ) are presented . the demonstrated datasets are based on videos and images taken during 2011 - 2012 hajj and umrah seasons . huer is the first collection of datasets covering the six types of hajj and umrah ritual events ( rotating in tawaf around kabaa , performing sa ' y between safa and marwa , standing on the mount of arafat , staying overnight in muzdalifah , staying two or three days in mina , and throwing ←
→ multi - scale wavelet domain residual learning for limited - angle ct reconstruction ; limited - angle computed tomography ( ct ) is often used in clinical applications such as c - arm ct for interventional imaging . however , ct images from limited angles suffers from heavy artifacts due to incomplete projection data . existing iterative methods require extensive calculations but can not deliver satisfactory results . based on the observation that the artifacts from limited angles have some directional property and ar ←
→ the benefit of multitask representation learning ; we discuss a general method to learn data representations from multiple tasks . we provide a justification for this method in both settings of multitask learning and learning - to - learn . the method is illustrated in detail in the special case of linear feature learning . conditions on the theoretical advantage offered by multitask representation learning over independent task learning are established . in particular , focusing on the important example of half - spa ←
→ morphological inflection generation with hard monotonic attention ; we present a neural model for morphological inflection generation which employs a hard attention mechanism , inspired by the nearly - monotonic alignment commonly found between the characters in a word and the characters in its inflection . we evaluate the model on three previously studied morphological inflection generation datasets and show that it provides state of the art results in various setups compared to previous neural and non - neural ←
→ evaluation of a grammar of french determiners ; existing syntactic grammars of natural languages , even with a far from complete coverage , are complex objects . assessments of the quality of parts of such grammars are useful for the validation of their construction . we evaluated the quality of a grammar of french determiners that takes the form of a recursive transition network . the result of the application of this local grammar gives deeper syntactic information than chunking or information available in tre ←
→ learning relationships between data obtained independently ; the aim of this paper is to provide a new method for learning the relationships between data that have been obtained independently . unlike existing methods like matching , the proposed technique does not require any contextual information , provided that the dependency between the variables of interest is monotone . it can therefore be easily combined with matching in order to exploit the advantages of both methods . this technique can be described as ←
→ light - head r - cnn : in defense of two - stage object detector ; in this paper , we first investigate why typical two - stage methods are not as fast as single - stage , fast detectors like yolo and ssd . we find that faster r - cnn and r - fcn perform an intensive computation after or before roi warping . faster r - cnn involves two fully connected layers for roi recognition , while r - fcn produces a large score maps . thus , the speed of these networks is slow due to the heavy - head design in the architecture . even if we signifi ←
→ verbs taking clausal and non - finite arguments as signals of modality - revisiting the issue of meaning grounded in syntax ; we revisit levin ' s theory about the correspondence of verb meaning and syntax and infer semantic classes from a large syntactic classification of more than 600 german verbs taking clausal and non - finite arguments . grasping the meaning components of levin - classes is known to be hard . we address this challenge by setting up a multi - perspective semantic characterization of the inferred ←
→ mixture model - based functional discriminant analysis for curve classification ; statistical approaches for functional data analysis concern the paradigm for which the individuals are functions or curves rather than finite dimensional vectors . in this paper , we particularly focus on the modeling and the classification of functional data which are temporal curves presenting regime changes over time . more specifically , we propose a new mixture model - based discriminant analysis approach for functional data us ←
→ metric learning driven multi - task structured output optimization for robust keypoint tracking ; as an important and challenging problem in computer vision and graphics , keypoint - based object tracking is typically formulated in a spatio - temporal statistical learning framework . however , most existing keypoint trackers are incapable of effectively modeling and balancing the following three aspects in a simultaneous manner : temporal model coherence across frames , spatial model consistency within frames , and d ←
→ cancer detection with multiple radiologists via soft multiple instance logistic regression and $ l_1 $ regularization ; this paper deals with the multiple annotation problem in medical application of cancer detection in digital images . the main assumption is that though images are labeled by many experts , the number of images read by the same expert is not large . thus differing with the existing work on modeling each expert and ground truth simultaneously , the multi annotation information is used in a soft ←
→ on optimality conditions for auto - encoder signal recovery ; auto - encoders are unsupervised models that aim to learn patterns from observed data by minimizing a reconstruction cost . the useful representations learned are often found to be sparse and distributed . on the other hand , compressed sensing and sparse coding assume a data generating process , where the observed data is generated from some true latent signal source , and try to recover the corresponding signal from measurements . looking at auto - encoder ←
→ safe sample screening for support vector machines ; sparse classifiers such as the support vector machines ( svm ) are efficient in test - phases because the classifier is characterized only by a subset of the samples called support vectors ( svs ), and the rest of the samples ( non svs ) have no influence on the classification result . however , the advantage of the sparsity has not been fully exploited in training phases because it is generally difficult to know which sample turns out to be sv beforehand . in this p ←
→ learning from the memory of atari 2600 ; we train a number of neural networks to play games bowling , breakout and seaquest using information stored in the memory of a video game console atari 2600 . we consider four models of neural networks which differ in size and architecture : two networks which use only information contained in the ram and two mixed networks which use both information in the ram and information from the screen . as the benchmark we used the convolutional model proposed in nips and receive ←
→ why ( and how ) avoid orthogonal procrustes in regularized multivariate analysis ; multivariate analysis ( mva ) comprises a family of well - known methods for feature extraction that exploit correlations among input variables of the data representation . one important property that is enjoyed by most such methods is uncorrelation among the extracted features . recently , regularized versions of mva methods have appeared in the literature , mainly with the goal to gain interpretability of the solution . in these cas ←
→ computer aided detection of oral lesions on ct images ; oral lesions are important findings on computed tomography ( ct ) images . in this study , a fully automatic method to detect oral lesions in mandibular region from dental ct images is proposed . two methods were developed to recognize two types of lesions namely ( 1 ) close border ( cb ) lesions and ( 2 ) open border ( ob ) lesions , which cover most of the lesion types that can be found on ct images . for the detection of cb lesions , fifteen features were extracted ←
→ deterministic pomdps revisited ; we study a subclass of pomdps , called deterministic pomdps , that is characterized by deterministic actions and observations . these models do not provide the same generality of pomdps yet they capture a number of interesting and challenging problems , and permit more efficient algorithms . indeed , some of the recent work in planning is built around such assumptions mainly by the quest of amenable models more expressive than the classical deterministic models . we provide results ←
→ multispectral and hyperspectral image fusion using a 3 - d - convolutional neural network ; in this paper , we propose a method using a three dimensional convolutional neural network ( 3 - d - cnn ) to fuse together multispectral ( ms ) and hyperspectral ( hs ) images to obtain a high resolution hyperspectral image . dimensionality reduction of the hyperspectral image is performed prior to fusion in order to significantly reduce the computational time and make the method more robust to noise . experiments are performed on ←
→ harmonic networks : deep translation and rotation equivariance ; translating or rotating an input image should not affect the results of many computer vision tasks . convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are already translation equivariant : input image translations produce proportionate feature map translations . this is not the case for rotations . global rotation equivariance is typically sought through data augmentation , but patch - wise equivariance is more difficult . we present harmonic networks or h - nets , a ←
→ recognizing textures with mobile cameras for pedestrian safety applications ; as smartphone rooted distractions become commonplace , the lack of compelling safety measures has led to a rise in the number of injuries to distracted walkers . various solutions address this problem by sensing a pedestrian ' s walking environment . existing camera - based approaches have been largely limited to obstacle detection and other forms of object detection . instead , we present terrafirma , an approach that performs material r ←
→ indicators of good student performance in moodle activity data ; in this paper we conduct an analysis of moodle activity data focused on identifying early predictors of good student performance . the analysis shows that three relevant hypotheses are largely supported by the data . these hypotheses are : early submission is a good sign , a high level of activity is predictive of good results and evening activity is even better than daytime activity . we highlight some pathological examples where high levels of ac ←
→ rookie : a unique approach for exploring news archives ; news archives are an invaluable primary source for placing current events in historical context . but current search engine tools do a poor job at uncovering broad themes and narratives across documents . we present rookie : a practical software system which uses natural language processing ( nlp ) to help readers , reporters and editors uncover broad stories in news archives . unlike prior work , rookie ' s design emerged from 18 months of iterative development ←
→ nonlinear quality of life index ; we present details of the analysis of the nonlinear quality of life index for 171 countries . this index is based on four indicators : gdp per capita by purchasing power parities , life expectancy at birth , infant mortality rate , and tuberculosis incidence . we analyze the structure of the data in order to find the optimal and independent on expert ' s opinion way to map several numerical indicators from a multidimensional space onto the one - dimensional space of the quality of li ←
→ every moment counts : dense detailed labeling of actions in complex videos ; every moment counts in action recognition . a comprehensive understanding of human activity in video requires labeling every frame according to the actions occurring , placing multiple labels densely over a video sequence . to study this problem we extend the existing thumos dataset and introduce multithumos , a new dataset of dense labels over unconstrained internet videos . modeling multiple , dense labels benefits from temporal relat ←
→ holistic measures for evaluating prediction models in smart grids ; the performance of prediction models is often based on " abstract metrics " that estimate the model ' s ability to limit residual errors between the observed and predicted values . however , meaningful evaluation and selection of prediction models for end - user domains requires holistic and application - sensitive performance measures . inspired by energy consumption prediction models used in the emerging " big data " domain of smart power grids , we pr ←
→ crossing nets : combining gans and vaes with a shared latent space for hand pose estimation ; state - of - the - art methods for 3d hand pose estimation from depth images require large amounts of annotated training data . we propose to model the statistical relationships of 3d hand poses and corresponding depth images using two deep generative models with a shared latent space . by design , our architecture allows for learning from unlabeled image data in a semi - supervised manner . assuming a one - to - one mapping betw ←
→ constructing reference sets from unstructured , ungrammatical text ; vast amounts of text on the web are unstructured and ungrammatical , such as classified ads , auction listings , forum postings , etc . we call such text " posts ." despite their inconsistent structure and lack of grammar , posts are full of useful information . this paper presents work on semi - automatically building tables of relational information , called " reference sets ," by analyzing such posts directly . reference sets can be applied to a number ←
→ detecting adversarial examples via neural fingerprinting ; deep neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples , which dramatically alter model output using small input changes . we propose neural fingerprinting , a simple , yet effective method to detect adversarial examples by verifying whether model behavior is consistent with a set of secret fingerprints , inspired by the use of biometric and cryptographic signatures . the benefits of our method are that 1 ) it is fast , 2 ) it is prohibitively expensive ←
→ is bottom - up attention useful for scene recognition ? ; the human visual system employs a selective attention mechanism to understand the visual world in an eficient manner . in this paper , we show how computational models of this mechanism can be exploited for the computer vision application of scene recognition . first , we consider saliency weighting and saliency pruning , and provide a comparison of the performance of different attention models in these approaches in terms of classification accuracy . pruning ←
→ local gaussian processes for efficient fine - grained traffic speed prediction ; traffic speed is a key indicator for the efficiency of an urban transportation system . accurate modeling of the spatiotemporally varying traffic speed thus plays a crucial role in urban planning and development . this paper addresses the problem of efficient fine - grained traffic speed prediction using big traffic data obtained from static sensors . gaussian processes ( gps ) have been previously used to model various traffic phenom ←
→ clustering of naturalistic driving encounters using unsupervised learning ; deep understanding of driving encounters could help self - driving cars make appropriate decisions when driving in complex settings with surrounding vehicles engaged . this paper develops an unsupervised classifier to group naturalistic driving encounters into several distinguishable clusters by combining an auto - encoder with a k - means clustering ( ae - kmc ). in order to show the effectiveness of our developed classifier , the data of 10 ←
→ image matching using sift , surf , brief and orb : performance comparison for distorted images ; fast and robust image matching is a very important task with various applications in computer vision and robotics . in this paper , we compare the performance of three different image matching techniques , i . e ., sift , surf , and orb , against different kinds of transformations and deformations such as scaling , rotation , noise , fish eye distortion , and shearing . for this purpose , we manually apply different types of tr ←
→ a temporal neuro - fuzzy monitoring system to manufacturing systems ; fault diagnosis and failure prognosis are essential techniques in improving the safety of many manufacturing systems . therefore , on - line fault detection and isolation is one of the most important tasks in safety - critical and intelligent control systems . computational intelligence techniques are being investigated as extension of the traditional fault diagnosis methods . this paper discusses the temporal neuro - fuzzy systems ( tnfs ) fault diagn ←
→ statistical texture features based handwritten and printed text classification in south indian documents ; in this paper , we use statistical texture features for handwritten and printed text classification . we primarily aim for word level classification in south indian scripts . words are first extracted from the scanned document . for each extracted word , statistical texture features are computed such as mean , standard deviation , smoothness , moment , uniformity , entropy and local range including local entro ←
→ new characterizations of minimum spanning trees and of saliency maps based on quasi - flat zones ; we study three representations of hierarchies of partitions : dendrograms ( direct representations ), saliency maps , and minimum spanning trees . we provide a new bijection between saliency maps and hierarchies based on quasi - flat zones as used in image processing and characterize saliency maps and minimum spanning trees as solutions to constrained minimization problems where the constraint is quasi - flat zones pre ←
→ satellite imagery feature detection using deep convolutional neural network : a kaggle competition ; this paper describes our approach to the dstl satellite imagery feature detection challenge run by kaggle . the primary goal of this challenge is accurate semantic segmentation of different classes in satellite imagery . our approach is based on an adaptation of fully convolutional neural network for multispectral data processing . in addition , we defined several modifications to the training objective and ove ←
→ sketch - to - image generation using deep contextual completion ; when the input to pix2pix translation is a badly drawn sketch , the output follows the input edges due to the strict alignment imposed by the translation process . in this paper we propose sketch - to - image generation , where the output edges do not necessarily follow the input edges . we address the image generation problem using a novel joint image completion approach , where the sketch provides the image context for completing , or generating the outp ←
→ long - term visual localization using semantically segmented images ; robust cross - seasonal localization is one of the major challenges in long - term visual navigation of autonomous vehicles . in this paper , we exploit recent advances in semantic segmentation of images , i . e ., where each pixel is assigned a label related to the type of object it represents , to attack the problem of long - term visual localization . we show that semantically labeled 3 - d point maps of the environment , together with semantically segme ←
→ dimensionally tight running time bounds for second - order hamiltonian monte carlo ; hamiltonian monte carlo ( hmc ) is a widely deployed method to sample from a given high - dimensional distribution in statistics and machine learning . hmc is known to run very efficiently in practice and its second - order variant was conjectured to run in $ d ^{ 1 / 4 }$ steps in 1988 . here we show that this conjecture is true when sampling from strongly log - concave target distributions that satisfy weak third - order regularity propert ←
→ model of interaction between learning and evolution ; the model of interaction between learning and evolutionary optimization is designed and investigated . the evolving population of modeled organisms is considered . the mechanism of the genetic assimilation of the acquired features during a number of generations of darwinian evolution is studied . it is shown that the genetic assimilation takes place as follows : phenotypes of modeled organisms move towards the optimum at learning ; then the selection takes pl ←
→ semi - adversarial networks : convolutional autoencoders for imparting privacy to face images ; in this paper , we design and evaluate a convolutional autoencoder that perturbs an input face image to impart privacy to a subject . specifically , the proposed autoencoder transforms an input face image such that the transformed image can be successfully used for face recognition but not for gender classification . in order to train this autoencoder , we propose a novel training scheme , referred to as semi - adversaria ←
→ texture descriptor combining fractal dimension and artificial crawlers ; texture is an important visual attribute used to describe images . there are many methods available for texture analysis . however , they do not capture the details richness of the image surface . in this paper , we propose a new method to describe textures using the artificial crawler model . this model assumes that each agent can interact with the environment and each other . since this swarm system alone does not achieve a good discriminat ←
→ speed - constrained tuning for statistical machine translation using bayesian optimization ; we address the problem of automatically finding the parameters of a statistical machine translation system that maximize bleu scores while ensuring that decoding speed exceeds a minimum value . we propose the use of bayesian optimization to efficiently tune the speed - related decoding parameters by easily incorporating speed as a noisy constraint function . the obtained parameter values are guaranteed to satisfy the sp ←
→ on a cepstrum - based speech detector robust to white noise ; we study effects of additive white noise on the cepstral representation of speech signals . distribution of each individual cepstrum coefficient of speech is shown to depend strongly on noise and to overlap significantly with the cepstrum distribution of noise . based on these studies , we suggest a scalar quantity , v , equal to the sum of weighted cepstral coefficients , which is able to classify frames containing speech against noise - like frames . the ←
→ offshore wind farm layout optimization using adapted genetic algorithm : a different perspective ; in this paper we study the problem of optimal layout of an offshore wind farm to minimize the wake effect impacts . considering the specific requirements of concerned offshore wind farm , we propose an adaptive genetic algorithm ( aga ) which introduces location swaps to replace random crossovers in conventional gas . that way the total number of turbines in the resulting layout will be effectively kept to the ini ←
→ a link clustering based approach for clustering categorical data ; categorical data clustering ( cdc ) and link clustering ( lc ) have been considered as separate research and application areas . the main focus of this paper is to investigate the commonalities between these two problems and the uses of these commonalities for the creation of new clustering algorithms for categorical data based on cross - fertilization between the two disjoint research fields . more precisely , we formally transform the cdc problem i ←
→ knowledge - based biomedical word sense disambiguation with neural concept embeddings ; biomedical word sense disambiguation ( wsd ) is an important intermediate task in many natural language processing applications such as named entity recognition , syntactic parsing , and relation extraction . in this paper , we employ knowledge - based approaches that also exploit recent advances in neural word / concept embeddings to improve over the state - of - the - art in biomedical wsd using the msh wsd dataset as the test set . ou ←
→ recurrent residual convolutional neural network based on u - net ( r2u - net ) for medical image segmentation ; deep learning ( dl ) based semantic segmentation methods have been providing state - of - the - art performance in the last few years . more specifically , these techniques have been successfully applied to medical image classification , segmentation , and detection tasks . one deep learning technique , u - net , has become one of the most popular for these applications . in this paper , we propose a recurrent convoluti ←
→ a versatile approach to evaluating and testing automated vehicles based on kernel methods ; evaluation and validation of complicated control systems are crucial to guarantee usability and safety . usually , failure happens in some very rarely encountered situations , but once triggered , the consequence is disastrous . accelerated evaluation is a methodology that efficiently tests those rarely - occurring yet critical failures via smartly - sampled test cases . the distribution used in sampling is pivotal to the pe ←
→ learning with biased complementary labels ; in this paper we study the classification problem in which we have access to easily obtainable surrogate for the true labels , namely complementary labels , which specify classes that observations do \ textbf { not } belong to . for example , if one is familiar with monkeys but not meerkats , a meerkat is easily identified as not a monkey , so " monkey " is annotated to the meerkat as a complementary label . specifically , let $ y $ and $\ bar { y }$ be the true and complementary lab ←
→ proofing tools technology at neurosoft s . a . ; the aim of this paper is to present the r & d activities carried out at neurosoft s . a . regarding the development of proofing tools for modern greek . firstly , we focus on infrastructure issues that we faced during our initial steps . subsequently , we describe the most important insights of three proofing tools developed by neurosoft , i . e . the spelling checker , the hyphenator and the thesaurus , outlining their efficiencies and inefficiencies . finally , we discuss some ←
→ learning contextual dependencies with convolutional hierarchical recurrent neural networks ; existing deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have shown their great success on image classification . cnns mainly consist of convolutional and pooling layers , both of which are performed on local image areas without considering the dependencies among different image regions . however , such dependencies are very important for generating explicit image representation . in contrast , recurrent neural networks ( rnns ←
→ a unified view of generative models for networks : models , methods , opportunities , and challenges ; research on probabilistic models of networks now spans a wide variety of fields , including physics , sociology , biology , statistics , and machine learning . these efforts have produced a diverse ecology of models and methods . despite this diversity , many of these models share a common underlying structure : pairwise interactions ( edges ) are generated with probability conditional on latent vertex attributes . diff ←
→ unsupervised cross - media hashing with structure preservation ; recent years have seen the exponential growth of heterogeneous multimedia data . the need for effective and accurate data retrieval from heterogeneous data sources has attracted much research interest in cross - media retrieval . here , given a query of any media type , cross - media retrieval seeks to find relevant results of different media types from heterogeneous data sources . to facilitate large - scale cross - media retrieval , we propose a novel unsup ←
→ multiclass data segmentation using diffuse interface methods on graphs ; we present two graph - based algorithms for multiclass segmentation of high - dimensional data . the algorithms use a diffuse interface model based on the ginzburg - landau functional , related to total variation compressed sensing and image processing . a multiclass extension is introduced using the gibbs simplex , with the functional ' s double - well potential modified to handle the multiclass case . the first algorithm minimizes the functional us ←
→ learned perceptual image enhancement ; learning a typical image enhancement pipeline involves minimization of a loss function between enhanced and reference images . while l1 and l2 losses are perhaps the most widely used functions for this purpose , they do not necessarily lead to perceptually compelling results . in this paper , we show that adding a learned no - reference image quality metric to the loss can significantly improve enhancement operators . this metric is implemented using a cnn ( convolutional neur ←
→ linear support tensor machine : pedestrian detection in thermal infrared images ; pedestrian detection in thermal infrared images poses unique challenges because of the low resolution and noisy nature of the image . here we propose a mid - level attribute in the form of multidimensional template , or tensor , using local steering kernel ( lsk ) as low - level descriptors for detecting pedestrians in far infrared images . lsk is specifically designed to deal with intrinsic image noise and pixel level uncertainty by c ←
→ learning vector autoregressive models with latent processes ; we study the problem of learning the support of transition matrix between random processes in a vector autoregressive ( var ) model from samples when a subset of the processes are latent . it is well known that ignoring the effect of the latent processes may lead to very different estimates of the influences among observed processes , and we are concerned with identifying the influences among the observed processes , those between the latent ones , and ←
→ a tutorial on the expectation - maximization algorithm including maximum - likelihood estimation and em training of probabilistic context - free grammars ; the paper gives a brief review of the expectation - maximization algorithm ( dempster 1977 ) in the comprehensible framework of discrete mathematics . in section 2 , two prominent estimation methods , the relative - frequency estimation and the maximum - likelihood estimation are presented . section 3 is dedicated to the expectation - maximization algorithm and a simple ←
→ on nonparametric guidance for learning autoencoder representations ; unsupervised discovery of latent representations , in addition to being useful for density modeling , visualisation and exploratory data analysis , is also increasingly important for learning features relevant to discriminative tasks . autoencoders , in particular , have proven to be an effective way to learn latent codes that reflect meaningful variations in data . a continuing challenge , however , is guiding an autoencoder toward representations ←
→ a new adaptive video super - resolution algorithm with improved robustness to innovations ; in this paper , a new video super - resolution reconstruction ( srr ) method with improved robustness to outliers is proposed . although the r - lms is one of the srr algorithms with the best reconstruction quality for its computational cost , and is naturally robust to registration inaccuracies , its performance is known to degrade severely in the presence of innovation outliers . by studying the proximal point cost function r ←
→ top - down learning for structured labeling with convolutional pseudoprior ; current practice in convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) remains largely bottom - up and the role of top - down process in cnn for pattern analysis and visual inference is not very clear . in this paper , we propose a new method for structured labeling by developing convolutional pseudo - prior ( convpp ) on the ground - truth labels . our method has several interesting properties : ( 1 ) compared with classical machine learning algorithms like crfs ←
→ facenet2expnet : regularizing a deep face recognition net for expression recognition ; relatively small data sets available for expression recognition research make the training of deep networks for expression recognition very challenging . although fine - tuning can partially alleviate the issue , the performance is still below acceptable levels as the deep features probably contain redun - dant information from the pre - trained domain . in this paper , we present facenet2expnet , a novel idea to train an expressi ←
→ a rational decision maker with ordinal utility under uncertainty : optimism and pessimism ; in game theory and artificial intelligence , decision making models often involve maximizing expected utility , which does not respect ordinal invariance . in this paper , the author discusses the possibility of preserving ordinal invariance and still making a rational decision under uncertainty .←
→ compression rate method for empirical science and application to computer vision ; this philosophical paper proposes a modified version of the scientific method , in which large databases are used instead of experimental observations as the necessary empirical ingredient . this change in the source of the empirical data allows the scientific method to be applied to several aspects of physical reality that previously resisted systematic interrogation . under the new method , scientific theories are compared by ←
→ a feature construction framework based on outlier detection and discriminative pattern mining ; no matter the expressive power and sophistication of supervised learning algorithms , their effectiveness is restricted by the features describing the data . this is not a new insight in ml and many methods for feature selection , transformation , and construction have been developed . but while this is on - going for general techniques for feature selection and transformation , i . e . dimensionality reduction , work on f ←
→ learning polynomial networks for classification of clinical electroencephalograms ; we describe a polynomial network technique developed for learning to classify clinical electroencephalograms ( eegs ) presented by noisy features . using an evolutionary strategy implemented within group method of data handling , we learn classification models which are comprehensively described by sets of short - term polynomials . the polynomial models were learnt to classify the eegs recorded from alzheimer and healthy patient ←
→ inverse reinforcement learning under noisy observations ; we consider the problem of performing inverse reinforcement learning when the trajectory of the expert is not perfectly observed by the learner . instead , a noisy continuous - time observation of the trajectory is provided to the learner . this problem exhibits wide - ranging applications and the specific application we consider here is the scenario in which the learner seeks to penetrate a perimeter patrolled by a robot . the learner ' s field of view is lim ←
→ estimating probabilities in recommendation systems ; recommendation systems are emerging as an important business application with significant economic impact . currently popular systems include amazon ' s book recommendations , netflix ' s movie recommendations , and pandora ' s music recommendations . in this paper we address the problem of estimating probabilities associated with recommendation system data using non - parametric kernel smoothing . in our estimation we interpret missing items as randomly censored obse ←
→ a parallel sgd method with strong convergence ; this paper proposes a novel parallel stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) method that is obtained by applying parallel sets of sgd iterations ( each set operating on one node using the data residing in it ) for finding the direction in each iteration of a batch descent method . the method has strong convergence properties . experiments on datasets with high dimensional feature spaces show the value of this method .←
→ reinforcement learning via recurrent convolutional neural networks ; deep reinforcement learning has enabled the learning of policies for complex tasks in partially observable environments , without explicitly learning the underlying model of the tasks . while such model - free methods achieve considerable performance , they often ignore the structure of task . we present a natural representation of to reinforcement learning ( rl ) problems using recurrent convolutional neural networks ( rcnns ), to better exploit th ←
→ biogeography based satellite image classification ; biogeography is the study of the geographical distribution of biological organisms . the mindset of the engineer is that we can learn from nature . biogeography based optimization is a burgeoning nature inspired technique to find the optimal solution of the problem . satellite image classification is an important task because it is the only way we can know about the land cover map of inaccessible areas . though satellite images have been classified in past by ←
→ data - driven optimal transport cost selection for distributionally robust optimizatio ; recently , ( blanchet , kang , and murhy 2016 ) showed that several machine learning algorithms , such as square - root lasso , support vector machines , and regularized logistic regression , among many others , can be represented exactly as distributionally robust optimization ( dro ) problems . the distributional uncertainty is defined as a neighborhood centered at the empirical distribution . we propose a methodology which learns su ←
→ a hybrid architecture for multi - party conversational systems ; multi - party conversational systems are systems with natural language interaction between one or more people or systems . from the moment that an utterance is sent to a group , to the moment that it is replied in the group by a member , several activities must be done by the system : utterance understanding , information search , reasoning , among others . in this paper we present the challenges of designing and building multi - party conversational system ←
→ efficient semidefinite branch - and - cut for map - mrf inference ; we propose a branch - and - cut ( b & c ) method for solving general map - mrf inference problems . the core of our method is a very efficient bounding procedure , which combines scalable semidefinite programming ( sdp ) and a cutting - plane method for seeking violated constraints . in order to further speed up the computation , several strategies have been exploited , including model reduction , warm start and removal of inactive constraints . we analyze the perf ←
→ domain adaptation : overfitting and small sample statistics ; we study the prevalent problem when a test distribution differs from the training distribution . we consider a setting where our training set consists of a small number of sample domains , but where we have many samples in each domain . our goal is to generalize to a new domain . for example , we may want to learn a similarity function using only certain classes of objects , but we desire that this similarity function be applicable to object classes not ←
→ the local dimension of deep manifold ; based on our observation that there exists a dramatic drop for the singular values of the fully connected layers or a single feature map of the convolutional layer , and that the dimension of the concatenated feature vector almost equals the summation of the dimension on each feature map , we propose a singular value decomposition ( svd ) based approach to estimate the dimension of the deep manifolds for a typical convolutional neural network vgg19 . we choose three categor ←
→ stability enhanced large - margin classifier selection ; stability is an important aspect of a classification procedure because unstable predictions can potentially reduce users ' trust in a classification system and also harm the reproducibility of scientific conclusions . the major goal of our work is to introduce a novel concept of classification instability , i . e ., decision boundary instability ( dbi ), and incorporate it with the generalization error ( ge ) as a standard for selecting the most accurate and stab ←
→ super - linear convergence of dual augmented - lagrangian algorithm for sparsity regularized estimation ; we analyze the convergence behaviour of a recently proposed algorithm for regularized estimation called dual augmented lagrangian ( dal ). our analysis is based on a new interpretation of dal as a proximal minimization algorithm . we theoretically show under some conditions that dal converges super - linearly in a non - asymptotic and global sense . due to a special modelling of sparse estimation problems in the ←
→ hexaconv ; the effectiveness of convolutional neural networks stems in large part from their ability to exploit the translation invariance that is inherent in many learning problems . recently , it was shown that cnns can exploit other invariances , such as rotation invariance , by using group convolutions instead of planar convolutions . however , for reasons of performance and ease of implementation , it has been necessary to limit the group convolution to transformations that can be applied to the filters witho ←
→ artificial intelligence enabled software defined networking : a comprehensive overview ; in recent years , the increased demand for dynamic management of network resources in modern computer networks in general and in today ' s data centers in particular has resulted in a new promising architecture , in which a more flexible controlling functionalities can be achieved with high level of abstraction . in software defined networking ( sdn ) architecture , a central management of the forwarding elements ( i . e . switche ←
→ learning modulo theories for preference elicitation in hybrid domains ; this paper introduces cleo , a novel preference elicitation algorithm capable of recommending complex objects in hybrid domains , characterized by both discrete and continuous attributes and constraints defined over them . the algorithm assumes minimal initial information , i . e ., a set of catalog attributes , and defines decisional features as logic formulae combining boolean and algebraic constraints over the attributes . the ( unknown ) utili ←
→ learning better context characterizations : an intelligent information retrieval approach ; this paper proposes an incremental method that can be used by an intelligent system to learn better descriptions of a thematic context . the method starts with a small number of terms selected from a simple description of the topic under analysis and uses this description as the initial search context . using these terms , a set of queries are built and submitted to a search engine . new documents and terms are used to ←
→ dyadic prediction using a latent feature log - linear model ; in dyadic prediction , labels must be predicted for pairs ( dyads ) whose members possess unique identifiers and , sometimes , additional features called side - information . special cases of this problem include collaborative filtering and link prediction . we present the first model for dyadic prediction that satisfies several important desiderata : ( i ) labels may be ordinal or nominal , ( ii ) side - information can be easily exploited if present , ( iii ) with o ←
→ ltlf and ldlf monitoring : a technical report ; runtime monitoring is one of the central tasks to provide operational decision support to running business processes , and check on - the - fly whether they comply with constraints and rules . we study runtime monitoring of properties expressed in ltl on finite traces ( ltlf ) and in its extension ldlf . ldlf is a powerful logic that captures all monadic second order logic on finite traces , which is obtained by combining regular expressions and ltlf , adopting the syntax ←
→ comparison of pca with ica from data distribution perspective ; we performed an empirical comparison of ica and pca algorithms by applying them on two simulated noisy time series with varying distribution parameters and level of noise . in general , ica shows better results than pca because it takes into account higher moments of data distribution . on the other hand , pca remains quite sensitive to the level of correlations among signals .←
→ the multivariate generalised von mises distribution : inference and applications ; circular variables arise in a multitude of data - modelling contexts ranging from robotics to the social sciences , but they have been largely overlooked by the machine learning community . this paper partially redresses this imbalance by extending some standard probabilistic modelling tools to the circular domain . first we introduce a new multivariate distribution over circular variables , called the multivariate generalised von ←
→ probabilistic binary - mask cocktail - party source separation in a convolutional deep neural network ; separation of competing speech is a key challenge in signal processing and a feat routinely performed by the human auditory brain . a long standing benchmark of the spectrogram approach to source separation is known as the ideal binary mask . here , we train a convolutional deep neural network , on a two - speaker cocktail party problem , to make probabilistic predictions about binary masks . our results approach i ←
→ kernel risk - sensitive loss : definition , properties and application to robust adaptive filtering ; nonlinear similarity measures defined in kernel space , such as correntropy , can extract higher - order statistics of data and offer potentially significant performance improvement over their linear counterparts especially in non - gaussian signal processing and machine learning . in this work , we propose a new similarity measure in kernel space , called the kernel risk - sensitive loss ( krsl ), and provide some import ←
→ universal induction with varying sets of combinators ; universal induction is a crucial issue in agi . its practical applicability can be achieved by the choice of the reference machine or representation of algorithms agreed with the environment . this machine should be updatable for solving subsequent tasks more efficiently . we study this problem on an example of combinatory logic as the very simple turing - complete reference machine , which enables modifying program representations by introducing different se ←
→ client - driven content extraction associated with table ; the goal of the project is to extract content within table in document images based on learnt patterns . real - world users i . e ., clients first provide a set of key fields within the table which they think are important . these are first used to represent the graph where nodes are labelled with semantics including other features and edges are attributed with relations . attributed relational graph ( arg ) is then employed to mine similar graphs from a docume ←
→ can a biologically - plausible hierarchy effectively replace face detection , alignment , and recognition pipelines ? ; the standard approach to unconstrained face recognition in natural photographs is via a detection , alignment , recognition pipeline . while that approach has achieved impressive results , there are several reasons to be dissatisfied with it , among them is its lack of biological plausibility . a recent theory of invariant recognition by feedforward hierarchical networks , like hmax , other convoluti ←
→ using context events in neural network models for event temporal status identification ; focusing on the task of identifying event temporal status , we find that events directly or indirectly governing the target event in a dependency tree are most important contexts . therefore , we extract dependency chains containing context events and use them as input in neural network models , which consistently outperform previous models using local context words as input . visualization verifies that the dependency cha ←
→ a machine learning approach to reconstruction of heart surface potentials from body surface potentials ; invasive cardiac catheterisation is a common procedure that is carried out before surgical intervention . yet , invasive cardiac diagnostics are full of risks , especially for young children . decades of research has been conducted on the so called inverse problem of electrocardiography , which can be used to reconstruct heart surface potentials ( hsps ) from body surface potentials ( bsps ), for non - invasive d ←
→ sca - cnn : spatial and channel - wise attention in convolutional networks for image captioning ; visual attention has been successfully applied in structural prediction tasks such as visual captioning and question answering . existing visual attention models are generally spatial , i . e ., the attention is modeled as spatial probabilities that re - weight the last conv - layer feature map of a cnn encoding an input image . however , we argue that such spatial attention does not necessarily conform to the attention mech ←
→ surfacing contextual hate speech words within social media ; social media platforms have recently seen an increase in the occurrence of hate speech discourse which has led to calls for improved detection methods . most of these rely on annotated data , keywords , and a classification technique . while this approach provides good coverage , it can fall short when dealing with new terms produced by online extremist communities which act as original sources of words which have alternate hate speech meanings . these ←
→ distribution of complexities in the vai script ; in the paper , we analyze the distribution of complexities in the vai script , an indigenous syllabic writing system from liberia . it is found that the uniformity hypothesis for complexities fails for this script . the models using poisson distribution for the number of components and hyper - poisson distribution for connections provide good fits in the case of the vai script .←
→ a c - lstm neural network for text classification ; neural network models have been demonstrated to be capable of achieving remarkable performance in sentence and document modeling . convolutional neural network ( cnn ) and recurrent neural network ( rnn ) are two mainstream architectures for such modeling tasks , which adopt totally different ways of understanding natural languages . in this work , we combine the strengths of both architectures and propose a novel and unified model called c - lstm for sentence represe ←
→ stochastic non - convex ordinal embedding with stabilized barzilai - borwein step size ; learning representation from relative similarity comparisons , often called ordinal embedding , gains rising attention in recent years . most of the existing methods are batch methods designed mainly based on the convex optimization , say , the projected gradient descent method . however , they are generally time - consuming due to that the singular value decomposition ( svd ) is commonly adopted during the update , especially when t ←
→ a tutorial on probabilistic latent semantic analysis ; in this tutorial , i will discuss the details about how probabilistic latent semantic analysis ( plsa ) is formalized and how different learning algorithms are proposed to learn the model .←
→ the neural noisy channel ; we formulate sequence to sequence transduction as a noisy channel decoding problem and use recurrent neural networks to parameterise the source and channel models . unlike direct models which can suffer from explaining - away effects during training , noisy channel models must produce outputs that explain their inputs , and their component models can be trained with not only paired training samples but also unpaired samples from the marginal output distribution . using a latent variable ←
→ coherence and sufficient sampling densities for reconstruction in compressed sensing ; we give a new , very general , formulation of the compressed sensing problem in terms of coordinate projections of an analytic variety , and derive sufficient sampling rates for signal reconstruction . our bounds are linear in the coherence of the signal space , a geometric parameter independent of the specific signal and measurement , and logarithmic in the ambient dimension where the signal is presented . we exemplify our ap ←
→ large scale artificial neural network training using multi - gpus ; this paper describes a method for accelerating large scale artificial neural networks ( ann ) training using multi - gpus by reducing the forward and backward passes to matrix multiplication . we propose an out - of - core multi - gpu matrix multiplication and integrate the algorithm with the ann training . the experiments demonstrate that our matrix multiplication algorithm achieves linear speedup on multiple inhomogeneous gpus . the full paper of this p ←
→ a frequency domain neural network for fast image super - resolution ; in this paper , we present a frequency domain neural network for image super - resolution . the network employs the convolution theorem so as to cast convolutions in the spatial domain as products in the frequency domain . moreover , the non - linearity in deep nets , often achieved by a rectifier unit , is here cast as a convolution in the frequency domain . this not only yields a network which is very computationally efficient at testing but also on ←
→ neural machine translation with external phrase memory ; in this paper , we propose phrasenet , a neural machine translator with a phrase memory which stores phrase pairs in symbolic form , mined from corpus or specified by human experts . for any given source sentence , phrasenet scans the phrase memory to determine the candidate phrase pairs and integrates tagging information in the representation of source sentence accordingly . the decoder utilizes a mixture of word - generating component and phrase - generating ←
→ fixatons : a collection of human fixations datasets and metrics for scanpath similarity ; in the last three decades , human visual attention has been a topic of great interest in various disciplines . in computer vision , many models have been proposed to predict the distribution of human fixations on a visual input . recently , thanks to the creation of large collections of data , machine learning algorithms have obtained state - of - the - art performance on the task of saliency map estimation . on the other hand , co ←
→ the very idea of dynamic semantics ; " natural languages are programming languages for minds ." can we or should we take this slogan seriously ? if so , how ? can answers be found by looking at the various " dynamic " treatments of natural language developed over the last decade or so , mostly in response to problems associated with donkey anaphora ? in dynamic logic of programs , the meaning of a program is a binary relation on the set of states of some abstract machine . this relation is meant to model aspects of th ←
→ all that is english may be hindi : enhancing language identification through automatic ranking of likeliness of word borrowing in social media ; in this paper , we present a set of computational methods to identify the likeliness of a word being borrowed , based on the signals from social media . in terms of spearman correlation coefficient values , our methods perform more than two times better ( nearly 0 . 62 ) in predicting the borrowing likeliness compared to the best performing baseline ( nearly 0 . 26 ) reported ←
→ deep belief networks for image denoising ; deep belief networks which are hierarchical generative models are effective tools for feature representation and extraction . furthermore , dbns can be used in numerous aspects of machine learning such as image denoising . in this paper , we propose a novel method for image denoising which relies on the dbns ' ability in feature representation . this work is based upon learning of the noise behavior . generally , features which are extracted using dbns are presented as the ←
→ consistent optimization of ams by logistic loss minimization ; in this paper , we theoretically justify an approach popular among participants of the higgs boson machine learning challenge to optimize approximate median significance ( ams ). the approach is based on the following two - stage procedure . first , a real - valued function is learned by minimizing a surrogate loss for binary classification , such as logistic loss , on the training sample . then , a threshold is tuned on a separate validation sample , by dire ←
→ budget - constrained item cold - start handling in collaborative filtering recommenders via optimal design ; it is well known that collaborative filtering ( cf ) based recommender systems provide better modeling of users and items associated with considerable rating history . the lack of historical ratings results in the user and the item cold - start problems . the latter is the main focus of this work . most of the current literature addresses this problem by integrating content - based recommendation techniques to ←
→ a bayesian network view on acoustic model - based techniques for robust speech recognition ; this article provides a unifying bayesian network view on various approaches for acoustic model adaptation , missing feature , and uncertainty decoding that are well - known in the literature of robust automatic speech recognition . the representatives of these classes can often be deduced from a bayesian network that extends the conventional hidden markov models used in speech recognition . these extensions , in turn , can ←
→ straight to shapes : real - time detection of encoded shapes ; current object detection approaches predict bounding boxes , but these provide little instance - specific information beyond location , scale and aspect ratio . in this work , we propose to directly regress to objects ' shapes in addition to their bounding boxes and categories . it is crucial to find an appropriate shape representation that is compact and decodable , and in which objects can be compared for higher - order concepts such as view similarity , pos ←
→ counterfactual reasoning in linear structural equation models ; consider the case where causal relations among variables can be described as a gaussian linear structural equation model . this paper deals with the problem of clarifying how the variance of a response variable would have changed if a treatment variable were assigned to some value ( counterfactually ), given that a set of variables is observed ( actually ). in order to achieve this aim , we reformulate the formulas of the counterfactual distribution ←
→ a general framework for constrained bayesian optimization using information - based search ; we present an information - theoretic framework for solving global black - box optimization problems that also have black - box constraints . of particular interest to us is to efficiently solve problems with decoupled constraints , in which subsets of the objective and constraint functions may be evaluated independently . for example , when the objective is evaluated on a cpu and the constraints are evaluated independently o ←
→ a comparative study of gaussian mixture model and radial basis function for voice recognition ; a comparative study of the application of gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) and radial basis function ( rbf ) in biometric recognition of voice has been carried out and presented . the application of machine learning techniques to biometric authentication and recognition problems has gained a widespread acceptance . in this research , a gmm model was trained , using expectation maximization ( em ) algorithm , on a dataset co ←
→ fast algorithms for robust pca via gradient descent ; we consider the problem of robust pca in the fully and partially observed settings . without corruptions , this is the well - known matrix completion problem . from a statistical standpoint this problem has been recently well - studied , and conditions on when recovery is possible ( how many observations do we need , how many corruptions can we tolerate ) via polynomial - time algorithms is by now understood . this paper presents and analyzes a non - convex optimization ←
→ are you eligible ? predicting adulthood from face images via class specific mean autoencoder ; predicting if a person is an adult or a minor has several applications such as inspecting underage driving , preventing purchase of alcohol and tobacco by minors , and granting restricted access . the challenging nature of this problem arises due to the complex and unique physiological changes that are observed with age progression . this paper presents a novel deep learning based formulation , termed as class specifi ←
→ image clustering without ground truth ; cluster analysis has become one of the most exercised research areas over the past few decades in computer science . as a consequence , numerous clustering algorithms have already been developed to find appropriate partitions of a set of objects . given multiple such clustering solutions , it is a challenging task to obtain an ensemble of these solutions . this becomes more challenging when the ground truth about the number of clusters is unavailable . in this paper , we int ←
→ hybrid tractability of soft constraint problems ; the constraint satisfaction problem ( csp ) is a central generic problem in computer science and artificial intelligence : it provides a common framework for many theoretical problems as well as for many real - life applications . soft constraint problems are a generalisation of the csp which allow the user to model optimisation problems . considerable effort has been made in identifying properties which ensure tractability in such problems . in this work , we initia ←
→ bayesian incremental learning for deep neural networks ; in industrial machine learning pipelines , data often arrive in parts . particularly in the case of deep neural networks , it may be too expensive to train the model from scratch each time , so one would rather use a previously learned model and the new data to improve performance . however , deep neural networks are prone to getting stuck in a suboptimal solution when trained on only new data as compared to the full dataset . our work focuses on a continuou ←
→ discriminatory transfer ; we observe standard transfer learning can improve prediction accuracies of target tasks at the cost of lowering their prediction fairness -- a phenomenon we named discriminatory transfer . we examine prediction fairness of a standard hypothesis transfer algorithm and a standard multi - task learning algorithm , and show they both suffer discriminatory transfer on the real - world communities and crime data set . the presented case study introduces an interaction between fairness and trans ←
→ on backtracking in real - time heuristic search ; real - time heuristic search algorithms are suitable for situated agents that need to make their decisions in constant time . since the original work by korf nearly two decades ago , numerous extensions have been suggested . one of the most intriguing extensions is the idea of backtracking wherein the agent decides to return to a previously visited state as opposed to moving forward greedily . this idea has been empirically shown to have a significant impact on vari ←
→ an empirical evaluation of doc2vec with practical insights into document embedding generation ; recently , le and mikolov ( 2014 ) proposed doc2vec as an extension to word2vec ( mikolov et al ., 2013a ) to learn document - level embeddings . despite promising results in the original paper , others have struggled to reproduce those results . this paper presents a rigorous empirical evaluation of doc2vec over two tasks . we compare doc2vec to two baselines and two state - of - the - art document embedding methodologies . we f ←
→ where is my phone ? personal object retrieval from egocentric images ; this work presents a retrieval pipeline and evaluation scheme for the problem of finding the last appearance of personal objects in a large dataset of images captured from a wearable camera . each personal object is modelled by a small set of images that define a query for a visual search engine . the retrieved results are reranked considering the temporal timestamps of the images to increase the relevance of the later detections . finally , ←
→ clustering with missing features : a penalized dissimilarity measure based approach ; many real - world clustering problems are plagued by incomplete data characterized by missing or absent features for some or all of the data instances . traditional clustering methods cannot be directly applied to such data without preprocessing by imputation or marginalization techniques . in this article , we put forth the concept of penalized dissimilarity measures which estimate the actual distance between two data points ←
→ unsupervised representation learning by predicting image rotations ; over the last years , deep convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) have transformed the field of computer vision thanks to their unparalleled capacity to learn high level semantic image features . however , in order to successfully learn those features , they usually require massive amounts of manually labeled data , which is both expensive and impractical to scale . therefore , unsupervised semantic feature learning , i . e ., learning without requ ←
→" you are no jack kennedy ": on media selection of highlights from presidential debates ; political speeches and debates play an important role in shaping the images of politicians , and the public often relies on media outlets to select bits of political communication from a large pool of utterances . it is an important research question to understand what factors impact this selection process . to quantitatively explore the selection process , we build a three - decade dataset of presidential debate transcri ←
→ class association rules mining based rough set method ; this paper investigates the mining of class association rules with rough set approach . in data mining , an association occurs between two set of elements when one element set happen together with another . a class association rule set ( cars ) is a subset of association rules with classes specified as their consequences . we present an efficient algorithm for mining the finest class rule set inspired form apriori algorithm , where the support and confidence ←
→ visual attention models for scene text recognition ; in this paper we propose an approach to lexicon - free recognition of text in scene images . our approach relies on a lstm - based soft visual attention model learned from convolutional features . a set of feature vectors are derived from an intermediate convolutional layer corresponding to different areas of the image . this permits encoding of spatial information into the image representation . in this way , the framework is able to learn how to selectively focu ←
→ non - strongly - convex smooth stochastic approximation with convergence rate o ( 1 / n ) ; we consider the stochastic approximation problem where a convex function has to be minimized , given only the knowledge of unbiased estimates of its gradients at certain points , a framework which includes machine learning methods based on the minimization of the empirical risk . we focus on problems without strong convexity , for which all previously known algorithms achieve a convergence rate for function values of o ( 1 / n ^{ 1 / 2 ←
→ managing overstaying electric vehicles in park - and - charge facilities ; with the increase in adoption of electric vehicles ( evs ), proper utilization of the charging infrastructure is an emerging challenge for service providers . overstaying of an ev after a charging event is a key contributor to low utilization . since overstaying is easily detectable by monitoring the power drawn from the charger , managing this problem primarily involves designing an appropriate " penalty " during the overstaying period . higher ←
→ diffusion framework for geometric and photometric data fusion in non - rigid shape analysis ; in this paper , we explore the use of the diffusion geometry framework for the fusion of geometric and photometric information in local and global shape descriptors . our construction is based on the definition of a diffusion process on the shape manifold embedded into a high - dimensional space where the embedding coordinates represent the photometric information . experimental results show that such data fusion is use ←
→ inferring latent structure from mixed real and categorical relational data ; we consider analysis of relational data ( a matrix ), in which the rows correspond to subjects ( e . g ., people ) and the columns correspond to attributes . the elements of the matrix may be a mix of real and categorical . each subject and attribute is characterized by a latent binary feature vector , and an inferred matrix maps each row - column pair of binary feature vectors to an observed matrix element . the latent binary features of the ←
→ learning hierarchical features for visual object tracking with recursive neural networks ; recently , deep learning has achieved very promising results in visual object tracking . deep neural networks in existing tracking methods require a lot of training data to learn a large number of parameters . however , training data is not sufficient for visual object tracking as annotations of a target object are only available in the first frame of a test sequence . in this paper , we propose to learn hierarchical feat ←
→ the continuous hint factory - providing hints in vast and sparsely populated edit distance spaces ; intelligent tutoring systems can support students in solving multi - step tasks by providing a hint regarding what to do next . however , engineering such next - step hints manually or using an expert model becomes infeasible if the space of possible states is too large . therefore , several approaches have emerged to infer next - step hints automatically , relying on past student ' s data . such hints typically have the ←
→ multi - advisor reinforcement learning ; we consider tackling a single - agent rl problem by distributing it to $ n $ learners . these learners , called advisors , endeavour to solve the problem from a different focus . their advice , taking the form of action values , is then communicated to an aggregator , which is in control of the system . we show that the local planning method for the advisors is critical and that none of the ones found in the literature is flawless : the egocentric planning overestimates values of s ←
→ using causal information and local measures to learn bayesian networks ; in previous work we developed a method of learning bayesian network models from raw data . this method relies on the well known minimal description length ( mdl ) principle . the mdl principle is particularly well suited to this task as it allows us to tradeoff , in a principled way , the accuracy of the learned network against its practical usefulness . in this paper we present some new results that have arisen from our work . in particular , ←
→ bio - inspired spiking convolutional neural network using layer - wise sparse coding and stdp learning ; hierarchical feature discovery using non - spiking convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) has attracted much recent interest in machine learning and computer vision . however , it is still not well understood how to create a biologically plausible network of brain - like , spiking neurons with multi - layer , unsupervised learning . this paper explores a novel bio - inspired spiking cnn that is trained in a greedy , layer ←
→ strassennets : deep learning with a multiplication budget ; a large fraction of the arithmetic operations required to evaluate deep neural networks ( dnns ) consist of matrix multiplications , in both convolution and fully connected layers . we perform end - to - end learning of low - cost approximations of matrix multiplications in dnn layers by casting matrix multiplications as $ 2 $- layer sum - product networks ( spns ) ( arithmetic circuits ) and learning their ( ternary ) edge weights from data . the spns disentangle multip ←
→ a corpus - based toy model for discocat ; the categorical compositional distributional ( discocat ) model of meaning rigorously connects distributional semantics and pregroup grammars , and has found a variety of applications in computational linguistics . from a more abstract standpoint , the discocat paradigm predicates the construction of a mapping from syntax to categorical semantics . in this work we present a concrete construction of one such mapping , from a toy model of syntax for corpora annotated with cons ←
→ treatment - response models for counterfactual reasoning with continuous - time , continuous - valued interventions ; treatment effects can be estimated from observational data as the difference in potential outcomes . in this paper , we address the challenge of estimating the potential outcome when treatment - dose levels can vary continuously over time . further , the outcome variable may not be measured at a regular frequency . our proposed solution represents the treatment response curves using linear time - invarian ←
→ alternating projections for learning with expectation constraints ; we present an objective function for learning with unlabeled data that utilizes auxiliary expectation constraints . we optimize this objective function using a procedure that alternates between information and moment projections . our method provides an alternate interpretation of the posterior regularization framework ( graca et al ., 2008 ), maintains uncertainty during optimization unlike constraint - driven learning ( chang et al ., 2007 ), and i ←
→ director field analysis ( dfa ): exploring local white matter geometric structure in diffusion mri ; in diffusion tensor imaging ( dti ) or high angular resolution diffusion imaging ( hardi ), a tensor field or a spherical function field ( e . g ., an orientation distribution function field ), can be estimated from measured diffusion weighted images . in this paper , inspired by the microscopic theoretical treatment of phases in liquid crystals , we introduce a novel mathematical framework , called director field analys ←
→ stability of analytic neural networks with event - triggered synaptic feedbacks ; in this paper , we investigate stability of a class of analytic neural networks with the synaptic feedback via event - triggered rules . this model is general and include hopfield neural network as a special case . these event - trigger rules can efficiently reduces loads of computation and information transmission at synapses of the neurons . the synaptic feedback of each neuron keeps a constant value based on the outputs of the othe ←
→ end - to - end abnormality detection in medical imaging ; nearly all of the deep learning based image analysis methods work on reconstructed images , which are obtained from original acquisitions via solving inverse problems . the reconstruction algorithms are designed for human observers , but not necessarily optimized for dnns . it is desirable to train the dnns directly from the original data which lie in a different domain with the images . in this work , we proposed an end - to - end dnn for abnormality detection in ←
→ generalization error bounds for noisy , iterative algorithms ; in statistical learning theory , generalization error is used to quantify the degree to which a supervised machine learning algorithm may overfit to training data . recent work [ xu and raginsky ( 2017 )] has established a bound on the generalization error of empirical risk minimization based on the mutual information $ i ( s ; w )$ between the algorithm input $ s $ and the algorithm output $ w $, when the loss function is sub - gaussian . we leverage these result ←
→ deepvisage : making face recognition simple yet with powerful generalization skills ; face recognition ( fr ) methods report significant performance by adopting the convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based learning methods . although cnns are mostly trained by optimizing the softmax loss , the recent trend shows an improvement of accuracy with different strategies , such as task - specific cnn learning with different loss functions , fine - tuning on target dataset , metric learning and concatenating features from mu ←
→ recognizing detailed human context in - the - wild from smartphones and smartwatches ; the ability to automatically recognize a person ' s behavioral context can contribute to health monitoring , aging care and many other domains . validating context recognition in - the - wild is crucial to promote practical applications that work in real - life settings . we collected over 300k minutes of sensor data with context labels from 60 subjects . unlike previous studies , our subjects used their own personal phone , in any way t ←
→ the road to quantum artificial intelligence ; this paper overviews the basic principles and recent advances in the emerging field of quantum computation ( qc ), highlighting its potential application to artificial intelligence ( ai ). the paper provides a very brief introduction to basic qc issues like quantum registers , quantum gates and quantum algorithms and then it presents references , ideas and research guidelines on how qc can be used to deal with some basic ai problems , such as search and pattern matchin ←
→ improving language modelling with noise - contrastive estimation ; neural language models do not scale well when the vocabulary is large . noise - contrastive estimation ( nce ) is a sampling - based method that allows for fast learning with large vocabularies . although nce has shown promising performance in neural machine translation , it was considered to be an unsuccessful approach for language modelling . a sufficient investigation of the hyperparameters in the nce - based neural language models was also missing . in ←
→ multi - document biography summarization ; in this paper we describe a biography summarization system using sentence classification and ideas from information retrieval . although the individual techniques are not new , assembling and applying them to generate multi - document biographies is new . our system was evaluated in duc2004 . it is among the top performers in task 5 - short summaries focused by person questions .←
→ on the complexity of finding second - best abductive explanations ; while looking for abductive explanations of a given set of manifestations , an ordering between possible solutions is often assumed . the complexity of finding / verifying optimal solutions is already known . in this paper we consider the computational complexity of finding second - best solutions . we consider different orderings , and consider also different possible definitions of what a second - best solution is .←
→ robust seed selection algorithm for k - means type algorithms ; selection of initial seeds greatly affects the quality of the clusters and in k - means type algorithms . most of the seed selection methods result different results in different independent runs . we propose a single , optimal , outlier insensitive seed selection algorithm for k - means type algorithms as extension to k - means ++. the experimental results on synthetic , real and on microarray data sets demonstrated that effectiveness of the new algorithm i ←
→ jitter - adaptive dictionary learning - application to multi - trial neuroelectric signals ; dictionary learning has proven to be a powerful tool for many image processing tasks , where atoms are typically defined on small image patches . as a drawback , the dictionary only encodes basic structures . in addition , this approach treats patches of different locations in one single set , which means a loss of information when features are well - aligned across signals . this is the case , for instance , in multi - trial magn ←
→ like trainer , like bot ? inheritance of bias in algorithmic content moderation ; the internet has become a central medium through which ` networked publics ' express their opinions and engage in debate . offensive comments and personal attacks can inhibit participation in these spaces . automated content moderation aims to overcome this problem using machine learning classifiers trained on large corpora of texts manually annotated for offence . while such systems could help encourage more civil debate , they mus ←
→ semi - supervised nonlinear distance metric learning via forests of max - margin cluster hierarchies ; metric learning is a key problem for many data mining and machine learning applications , and has long been dominated by mahalanobis methods . recent advances in nonlinear metric learning have demonstrated the potential power of non - mahalanobis distance functions , particularly tree - based functions . we propose a novel nonlinear metric learning method that uses an iterative , hierarchical variant of semi - supervis ←
→ on fairness and calibration ; the machine learning community has become increasingly concerned with the potential for bias and discrimination in predictive models . this has motivated a growing line of work on what it means for a classification procedure to be " fair ." in this paper , we investigate the tension between minimizing error disparity across different population groups while maintaining calibrated probability estimates . we show that calibration is compatible only with a single error constraint ( i . e .←
→ learning global features for coreference resolution ; there is compelling evidence that coreference prediction would benefit from modeling global information about entity - clusters . yet , state - of - the - art performance can be achieved with systems treating each mention prediction independently , which we attribute to the inherent difficulty of crafting informative cluster - level features . we instead propose to use recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) to learn latent , global representations of entity clusters directly ←
→ a community based algorithm for large scale web service composition ; web service composition is the process of synthesizing a new composite service using a set of available web services in order to satisfy a client request that cannot be treated by any available web services . the web services space is a dynamic environment characterized by a huge number of elements . furthermore , many web services are offering similar functionalities . in this paper we propose a model for web service composition designed to ←
→ fusion of wavelet coefficients from visual and thermal face images for human face recognition - a comparative study ; in this paper we present a comparative study on fusion of visual and thermal images using different wavelet transformations . here , coefficients of discrete wavelet transforms from both visual and thermal images are computed separately and combined . next , inverse discrete wavelet transformation is taken in order to obtain fused face image . both haar and daubechies ( db2 ) wavelet transforms h ←
→ the computation of first order moments on junction trees ; we review some existing methods for the computation of first order moments on junction trees using shafer - shenoy algorithm . first , we consider the problem of first order moments computation as vertices problem in junction trees . in this way , the problem is solved using the memory space of an order of the junction tree edge - set cardinality . after that , we consider two algorithms , lauritzen - nilsson algorithm , and mau \' a et al . algorithm , which compute ←
→ towards end - to - end text spotting with convolutional recurrent neural networks ; in this work , we jointly address the problem of text detection and recognition in natural scene images based on convolutional recurrent neural networks . we propose a unified network that simultaneously localizes and recognizes text with a single forward pass , avoiding intermediate processes like image cropping and feature re - calculation , word separation , or character grouping . in contrast to existing approaches that consider t ←
→ satirical news detection and analysis using attention mechanism and linguistic features ; satirical news is considered to be entertainment , but it is potentially deceptive and harmful . despite the embedded genre in the article , not everyone can recognize the satirical cues and therefore believe the news as true news . we observe that satirical cues are often reflected in certain paragraphs rather than the whole document . existing works only consider document - level features to detect the satire , which could ←
→ probabilistic knowledge graph construction : compositional and incremental approaches ; knowledge graph construction consists of two tasks : extracting information from external resources ( knowledge population ) and inferring missing information through a statistical analysis on the extracted information ( knowledge completion ). in many cases , insufficient external resources in the knowledge population hinder the subsequent statistical inference . the gap between these two processes can be reduced by an increm ←
→ 3d hand pose tracking and estimation using stereo matching ; 3d hand pose tracking / estimation will be very important in the next generation of human - computer interaction . most of the currently available algorithms rely on low - cost active depth sensors . however , these sensors can be easily interfered by other active sources and require relatively high power consumption . as a result , they are currently not suitable for outdoor environments and mobile devices . this paper aims at tracking / estimating hand poses ←
→ theory and algorithms for forecasting time series ; we present data - dependent learning bounds for the general scenario of non - stationary non - mixing stochastic processes . our learning guarantees are expressed in terms of a data - dependent measure of sequential complexity and a discrepancy measure that can be estimated from data under some mild assumptions . we also also provide novel analysis of stable time series forecasting algorithm using this new notion of discrepancy that we introduce . we use our learning ←
→ artificial prediction markets for online prediction of continuous variables - a preliminary report ; we propose the artificial continuous prediction market ( acpm ) as a means to predict a continuous real value , by integrating a range of data sources and aggregating the results of different machine learning ( ml ) algorithms . acpm adapts the concept of the ( physical ) prediction market to address the prediction of real values instead of discrete events . each acpm participant has a data source , a ml algorithm and ←
→ feasibility of genetic algorithm for textile defect classification using neural network ; the global market for textile industry is highly competitive nowadays . quality control in production process in textile industry has been a key factor for retaining existence in such competitive market . automated textile inspection systems are very useful in this respect , because manual inspection is time consuming and not accurate enough . hence , automated textile inspection systems have been drawing plenty of attent ←
→ fml - based prediction agent and its application to game of go ; in this paper , we present a robotic prediction agent including a darkforest go engine , a fuzzy markup language ( fml ) assessment engine , an fml - based decision support engine , and a robot engine for game of go application . the knowledge base and rule base of fml assessment engine are constructed by referring the information from the darkforest go engine located in nutn and opu , for example , the number of mcts simulations and winning rate predictio ←
→ super - resolution for overhead imagery using densenets and adversarial learning ; recent advances in generative adversarial learning allow for new modalities of image super - resolution by learning low to high resolution mappings . in this paper we present our work using generative adversarial networks ( gans ) with applications to overhead and satellite imagery . we have experimented with several state - of - the - art architectures . we propose a gan - based architecture using densely connected convolutional neural net ←
→ listen , interact and talk : learning to speak via interaction ; one of the long - term goals of artificial intelligence is to build an agent that can communicate intelligently with human in natural language . most existing work on natural language learning relies heavily on training over a pre - collected dataset with annotated labels , leading to an agent that essentially captures the statistics of the fixed external training data . as the training data is essentially a static snapshot representation of the knowle ←
→ parlai : a dialog research software platform ; we introduce parlai ( pronounced " par - lay "), an open - source software platform for dialog research implemented in python , available at http :// parl . ai . its goal is to provide a unified framework for sharing , training and testing of dialog models , integration of amazon mechanical turk for data collection , human evaluation , and online / reinforcement learning ; and a repository of machine learning models for comparing with others ' models , and improving upon existing arc ←
→ bayesian estimation of white matter atlas from high angular resolution diffusion imaging ; we present a bayesian probabilistic model to estimate the brain white matter atlas from high angular resolution diffusion imaging ( hardi ) data . this model incorporates a shape prior of the white matter anatomy and the likelihood of individual observed hardi datasets . we first assume that the atlas is generated from a known hyperatlas through a flow of diffeomorphisms and its shape prior can be constructed based on t ←
→ rank - 1 constrained multichannel wiener filter for speech recognition in noisy environments ; multichannel linear filters , such as the multichannel wiener filter ( mwf ) and the generalized eigenvalue ( gev ) beamformer are popular signal processing techniques which can improve speech recognition performance . in this paper , we present an experimental study on these linear filters in a specific speech recognition task , namely the chime - 4 challenge , which features real recordings in multiple noisy environments . ←
→ automatic synchronization of multi - user photo galleries ; in this paper we address the issue of photo galleries synchronization , where pictures related to the same event are collected by different users . existing solutions to address the problem are usually based on unrealistic assumptions , like time consistency across photo galleries , and often heavily rely on heuristics , limiting therefore the applicability to real - world scenarios . we propose a solution that achieves better generalization performance for ←
→ real - time prediction of intermediate - horizon automotive collision risk ; advanced collision avoidance and driver hand - off systems can benefit from the ability to accurately predict , in real time , the probability a vehicle will be involved in a collision within an intermediate horizon of 10 to 20 seconds . the rarity of collisions in real - world data poses a significant challenge to developing this capability because , as we demonstrate empirically , intermediate - horizon risk prediction depends heavily on high - d ←
→ on event structure in the torn dress ; using pustejovsky ' s " the syntax of event structure " and fong ' s " on mending a torn dress " we give a glimpse of a pustejovsky - like analysis to some example sentences in fong . we attempt to give a framework for semantics to the noun phrases and adverbs as appropriate as well as the lexical entries for all words in the examples and critique both papers in light of our findings and difficulties .←
→ content - based video indexing and retrieval using corr - lda ; existing video indexing and retrieval methods on popular web - based multimedia sharing websites are based on user - provided sparse tagging . this paper proposes a very specific way of searching for video clips , based on the content of the video . we present our work on content - based video indexing and retrieval using the correspondence - latent dirichlet allocation ( corr - lda ) probabilistic framework . this is a model that provides for auto - annotation of v ←
→ enhanced integrated scoring for cleaning dirty texts ; an increasing number of approaches for ontology engineering from text are gearing towards the use of online sources such as company intranet and the world wide web . despite such rise , not much work can be found in aspects of preprocessing and cleaning dirty texts from online sources . this paper presents an enhancement of an integrated scoring for spelling error correction , abbreviation expansion and case restoration ( issac ). issac is implemented as part ←
→ obtaining calibrated probabilities from boosting ; boosted decision trees typically yield good accuracy , precision , and roc area . however , because the outputs from boosting are not well calibrated posterior probabilities , boosting yields poor squared error and cross - entropy . we empirically demonstrate why adaboost predicts distorted probabilities and examine three calibration methods for correcting this distortion : platt scaling , isotonic regression , and logistic correction . we also experiment with boosting ←
→ a philosophical essay on life and its connections with genetic algorithms ; this paper makes a number of connections between life and various facets of genetic and evolutionary algorithms research . specifically , it addresses the topics of adaptation , multiobjective optimization , decision making , deception , and search operators , among others . it argues that human life , from birth to death , is an adaptive or dynamic optimization problem where people are continuously searching for happiness . more important , ←
→ compressed sensing , asbsr - method of image sampling and reconstruction and the problem of digital image acquisition with the lowest possible sampling rate ; the problem of minimization of the number of measurements needed for digital image acquisition and reconstruction with a given accuracy is addressed . basics of the sampling theory are outlined to show that the lower bound of signal sampling rate sufficient for signal reconstruction with a given accuracy is equal to the spectrum sparsity of the signal ←
→ backward and forward language modeling for constrained sentence generation ; recent language models , especially those based on recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), make it possible to generate natural language from a learned probability . language generation has wide applications including machine translation , summarization , question answering , conversation systems , etc . existing methods typically learn a joint probability of words conditioned on additional information , which is ( either statically or dynamica ←
→ using semantic wikis for structured argument in medical domain ; this research applies ideas from argumentation theory in the context of semantic wikis , aiming to provide support for structured - large scale argumentation between human agents . the implemented prototype is exemplified by modelling the mmr vaccine controversy .←
→ saccadic eye movements and the generalized pareto distribution ; we describe a statistical analysis of the eye tracker measurements in a database with 15 observers viewing 1003 images under free - viewing conditions . in contrast to the common approach of investigating the properties of the fixation points we analyze the properties of the transition phases between fixations . we introduce hyperbolic geometry as a tool to measure the step length between consecutive eye positions . we show that the step lengths , m ←
→ a theoretical investigation of graph degree as an unsupervised normality measure ; for a graph representation of a dataset , a straightforward normality measure for a sample can be its graph degree . considering a weighted graph , degree of a sample is the sum of the corresponding row ' s values in a similarity matrix . the measure is intuitive given the abnormal samples are usually rare and they are dissimilar to the rest of the data . in order to have an in - depth theoretical understanding , in this manuscript , ←
→ learning semantic segmentation with diverse supervision ; models based on deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have significantly improved the performance of semantic segmentation . however , learning these models requires a large amount of training images with pixel - level labels , which are very costly and time - consuming to collect . in this paper , we propose a method for learning cnn - based semantic segmentation models from images with several types of annotations that are available for various computer vi ←
→ improving color constancy by discounting the variation of camera spectral sensitivity ; it is an ill - posed problem to recover the true scene colors from a color biased image by discounting the effects of scene illuminant and camera spectral sensitivity ( css ) at the same time . most color constancy ( cc ) models have been designed to first estimate the illuminant color , which is then removed from the color biased image to obtain an image taken under white light , without the explicit consideration of css effec ←
→ recurrent convolutional neural networks for scene parsing ; scene parsing is a technique that consist on giving a label to all pixels in an image according to the class they belong to . to ensure a good visual coherence and a high class accuracy , it is essential for a scene parser to capture image long range dependencies . in a feed - forward architecture , this can be simply achieved by considering a sufficiently large input context patch , around each pixel to be labeled . we propose an approach consisting of a ←
→ adaptive imputation of missing values for incomplete pattern classification ; in classification of incomplete pattern , the missing values can either play a crucial role in the class determination , or have only little influence ( or eventually none ) on the classification results according to the context . we propose a credal classification method for incomplete pattern with adaptive imputation of missing values based on belief function theory . at first , we try to classify the object ( incomplete pattern ) base ←
→ scatter matrix concordance : a diagnostic for regressions on subsets of data ; linear regression models depend directly on the design matrix and its properties . techniques that efficiently estimate model coefficients by partitioning rows of the design matrix are increasingly popular for large - scale problems because they fit well with modern parallel computing architectures . we propose a simple measure of {\ em concordance } between a design matrix and a subset of its rows that estimates how well a subset cap ←
→ a bayesian reflection on surfaces ; the topic of this paper is a novel bayesian continuous - basis field representation and inference framework . within this paper several problems are solved : the maximally informative inference of continuous - basis fields , that is where the basis for the field is itself a continuous object and not representable in a finite manner ; the tradeoff between accuracy of representation in terms of information learned , and memory or storage capacity in bits ; the approximation of probab ←
→ a theoretical analysis of ndcg type ranking measures ; a central problem in ranking is to design a ranking measure for evaluation of ranking functions . in this paper we study , from a theoretical perspective , the widely used normalized discounted cumulative gain ( ndcg )- type ranking measures . although there are extensive empirical studies of ndcg , little is known about its theoretical properties . we first show that , whatever the ranking function is , the standard ndcg which adopts a logarithmic discount , conve ←
→ layer - specific adaptive learning rates for deep networks ; the increasing complexity of deep learning architectures is resulting in training time requiring weeks or even months . this slow training is due in part to vanishing gradients , in which the gradients used by back - propagation are extremely large for weights connecting deep layers ( layers near the output layer ), and extremely small for shallow layers ( near the input layer ); this results in slow learning in the shallow layers . additionally , it has also ←
→ partial membership latent dirichlet allocation ; topic models ( e . g ., plsa , lda , slda ) have been widely used for segmenting imagery . these models are confined to crisp segmentation . yet , there are many images in which some regions cannot be assigned a crisp label ( e . g ., transition regions between a foggy sky and the ground or between sand and water at a beach ). in these cases , a visual word is best represented with partial memberships across multiple topics . to address this , we present a partial membership l ←
→ shadow estimation method for " the episolar constraint : monocular shape from shadow correspondence " ; recovering shadows is an important step for many vision algorithms . current approaches that work with time - lapse sequences are limited to simple thresholding heuristics . we show these approaches only work with very careful tuning of parameters , and do not work well for long - term time - lapse sequences taken over the span of many months . we introduce a parameter - free expectation maximization approach which si ←
→ effects of additional data on bayesian clustering ; hierarchical probabilistic models , such as mixture models , are used for cluster analysis . these models have two types of variables : observable and latent . in cluster analysis , the latent variable is estimated , and it is expected that additional information will improve the accuracy of the estimation of the latent variable . many proposed learning methods are able to use additional data ; these include semi - supervised learning and transfer learning . however , ←
→ algorithm and hardware design of discrete - time spiking neural networks based on back propagation with binary activations ; we present a new back propagation based training algorithm for discrete - time spiking neural networks ( snn ). inspired by recent deep learning algorithms on binarized neural networks , binary activation with a straight - through gradient estimator is used to model the leaky integrate - fire spiking neuron , overcoming the difficulty in training snns using back propagation . two snn training al ←
→ sliding window approach based text binarisation from complex textual images ; text binarisation process classifies individual pixels as text or background in the textual images . binarization is necessary to bridge the gap between localization and recognition by ocr . this paper presents sliding window method to binarise text from textual images with textured background . suitable preprocessing techniques are applied first to increase the contrast of the image and blur the background noises due to textured b ←
→ a discriminative event based model for alzheimer ' s disease progression modeling ; the event - based model ( ebm ) for data - driven disease progression modeling estimates the sequence in which biomarkers for a disease become abnormal . this helps in understanding the dynamics of disease progression and facilitates early diagnosis by staging patients on a disease progression timeline . existing ebm methods are all generative in nature . in this work we propose a novel discriminative approach to ebm , which is shown ←
→ generalized qualitative probability : savage revisited ; preferences among acts are analyzed in the style of l . savage , but as partially ordered . the rationality postulates considered are weaker than savage ' s on three counts . the sure thing principle is derived in this setting . the postulates are shown to lead to a characterization of generalized qualitative probability that includes and blends both traditional qualitative probability and the ranked structures used in logical approaches .←
→ evaluating causal models by comparing interventional distributions ; the predominant method for evaluating the quality of causal models is to measure the graphical accuracy of the learned model structure . we present an alternative method for evaluating causal models that directly measures the accuracy of estimated interventional distributions . we contrast such distributional measures with structural measures , such as structural hamming distance and structural intervention distance , showing that structural m ←
→ moral lineage tracing ; lineage tracing , the tracking of living cells as they move and divide , is a central problem in biological image analysis . solutions , called lineage forests , are key to understanding how the structure of multicellular organisms emerges . we propose an integer linear program ( ilp ) whose feasible solutions define a decomposition of each image in a sequence into cells ( segmentation ), and a lineage forest of cells across images ( tracing ). unlike previous formulations , we do not constrain t ←
→ intelligent self - repairable web wrappers ; the amount of information available on the web grows at an incredible high rate . systems and procedures devised to extract these data from web sources already exist , and different approaches and techniques have been investigated during the last years . on the one hand , reliable solutions should provide robust algorithms of web data mining which could automatically face possible malfunctioning or failures . on the other , in literature there is a lack of solutions abou ←
→ a robust independence test for constraint - based learning of causal structure ; constraint - based ( cb ) learning is a formalism for learning a causal network with a database d by performing a series of conditional - independence tests to infer structural information . this paper considers a new test of independence that combines ideas from bayesian learning , bayesian network inference , and classical hypothesis testing to produce a more reliable and robust test . the new test can be calculated in the same asympto ←
→ understand scene categories by objects : a semantic regularized scene classifier using convolutional neural networks ; scene classification is a fundamental perception task for environmental understanding in today ' s robotics . in this paper , we have attempted to exploit the use of popular machine learning technique of deep learning to enhance scene understanding , particularly in robotics applications . as scene images have larger diversity than the iconic object images , it is more challenging for deep learni ←
→ learning two - input linear and nonlinear analog functions with a simple chemical system ; the current biochemical information processing systems behave in a predetermined manner because all features are defined during the design phase . to make such unconventional computing systems reusable and programmable for biomedical applications , adaptation , learning , and self - modification based on external stimuli would be highly desirable . however , so far , it has been too challenging to implement these in wet chemis ←
→ finding a maximum clique using ant colony optimization and particle swarm optimization in social networks ; interaction between users in online social networks plays a key role in social network analysis . one on important types of social group is full connected relation between some users , which known as clique structure . therefore finding a maximum clique is essential for some analysis . in this paper , we proposed a new method using ant colony optimization algorithm and particle swarm optimization algorit ←
→ the happiness paradox : your friends are happier than you ; most individuals in social networks experience a so - called friendship paradox : they are less popular than their friends on average . this effect may explain recent findings that widespread social network media use leads to reduced happiness . however the relation between popularity and happiness is poorly understood . a friendship paradox does not necessarily imply a happiness paradox where most individuals are less happy than their friends . here we re ←
→ detecting qualia in natural and artificial agents ; the hard problem of consciousness has been dismissed as an illusion . by showing that computers are capable of experiencing , we show that they are at least rudimentarily conscious with potential to eventually reach superconsciousness . the main contribution of the paper is a test for confirming certain subjective experiences in a tested agent . we follow with analysis of benefits and problems with conscious machines and implications of such capability on futu ←
→ content - based spam filtering on video sharing social networks ; in this work we are concerned with the detection of spam in video sharing social networks . specifically , we investigate how much visual content - based analysis can aid in detecting spam in videos . this is a very challenging task , because of the high - level semantic concepts involved ; of the assorted nature of social networks , preventing the use of constrained a priori information ; and , what is paramount , of the context dependent nature of spam . c ←
→ optical character recognition ( ocr ) for telugu : database , algorithm and application ; telugu is a dravidian language spoken by more than 80 million people worldwide . the optical character recognition ( ocr ) of the telugu script has wide ranging applications including education , health - care , administration etc . the beautiful telugu script however is very different from germanic scripts like english and german . this makes the use of transfer learning of germanic ocr solutions to telugu a non - trivial task . to ←
→ a new approach of improving cfa image for digital camera ' s ; this paper work directly towards the improving the quality of the image for the digital cameras and other visual capturing products . in this paper , the authors clearly defines the problems occurs in the cfa image . a different methodology for removing the noise is discuses in the paper for color correction and color balancing of the image . at the same time , the authors also proposed a new methodology of providing denoisiing process before the demos ←
→ annotated english ; this document presents annotated english , a system of diacritical symbols which turns english pronunciation into a precise and unambiguous process . the annotations are defined and located in such a way that the original english text is not altered ( not even a letter ), thus allowing for a consistent reading and learning of the english language with and without annotations . the annotations are based on a set of general rules that make the frequency of annotations not dramatically high . thi ←
→ on finding the largest mean among many ; sampling from distributions to find the one with the largest mean arises in a broad range of applications , and it can be mathematically modeled as a multi - armed bandit problem in which each distribution is associated with an arm . this paper studies the sample complexity of identifying the best arm ( largest mean ) in a multi - armed bandit problem . motivated by large - scale applications , we are especially interested in identifying situations where the total number of samp ←
→ explaining constraint programming ; we discuss here constraint programming ( cp ) by using a proof - theoretic perspective . to this end we identify three levels of abstraction . each level sheds light on the essence of cp . in particular , the highest level allows us to bring cp closer to the computation as deduction paradigm . at the middle level we can explain various constraint propagation algorithms . finally , at the lowest level we can address the issue of automatic generation and optimization of the constrai ←
→ a review of 40 years of cognitive architecture research : core cognitive abilities and practical applications ; in this paper we present a broad overview of the last 40 years of research on cognitive architectures . although the number of existing architectures is nearing several hundred , most of the existing surveys do not reflect this growth and focus on a handful of well - established architectures . thus , in this survey we wanted to shift the focus towards a more inclusive and high - level overview of the re ←
→ the top 10 topics in machine learning revisited : a quantitative meta - study ; which topics of machine learning are most commonly addressed in research ? this question was initially answered in 2007 by doing a qualitative survey among distinguished researchers . in our study , we revisit this question from a quantitative perspective . concretely , we collect 54k abstracts of papers published between 2007 and 2016 in leading machine learning journals and conferences . we then use machine learning in order to deter ←
→ sequential principal curves analysis ; this work includes all the technical details of the sequential principal curves analysis ( spca ) in a single document . spca is an unsupervised nonlinear and invertible feature extraction technique . the identified curvilinear features can be interpreted as a set of nonlinear sensors : the response of each sensor is the projection onto the corresponding feature . moreover , it can be easily tuned for different optimization criteria ; e . g . infomax , error minimization , decorrel ←
→ tree - structured reinforcement learning for sequential object localization ; existing object proposal algorithms usually search for possible object regions over multiple locations and scales separately , which ignore the interdependency among different objects and deviate from the human perception procedure . to incorporate global interdependency between objects into object localization , we propose an effective tree - structured reinforcement learning ( tree - rl ) approach to sequentially search for objects by fu ←
→ what uncertainties do we need in bayesian deep learning for computer vision ? ; there are two major types of uncertainty one can model . aleatoric uncertainty captures noise inherent in the observations . on the other hand , epistemic uncertainty accounts for uncertainty in the model -- uncertainty which can be explained away given enough data . traditionally it has been difficult to model epistemic uncertainty in computer vision , but with new bayesian deep learning tools this is now possible . we study the ben ←
→ on preemption and overdetermination in formal theories of causality ; one of the key challenges when looking for the causes of a complex event is to determine the causal status of factors that are neither individually necessary nor individually sufficient to produce that event . in order to reason about how such factors should be taken into account , we need a vocabulary to distinguish different cases . in philosophy , the concept of overdetermination and the concept of preemption serve an important purpose in ←
→ revisiting epistemic specifications ; in 1991 , michael gelfond introduced the language of epistemic specifications . the goal was to develop tools for modeling problems that require some form of meta - reasoning , that is , reasoning over multiple possible worlds . despite their relevance to knowledge representation , epistemic specifications have received relatively little attention so far . in this paper , we revisit the formalism of epistemic specification . we offer a new definition of the formalism , propose seve ←
→ predicting deeper into the future of semantic segmentation ; the ability to predict and therefore to anticipate the future is an important attribute of intelligence . it is also of utmost importance in real - time systems , e . g . in robotics or autonomous driving , which depend on visual scene understanding for decision making . while prediction of the raw rgb pixel values in future video frames has been studied in previous work , here we introduce the novel task of predicting semantic segmentations of future frame ←
→ stochastic approximation for canonical correlation analysis ; we propose novel first - order stochastic approximation algorithms for canonical correlation analysis ( cca ). algorithms presented are instances of inexact matrix stochastic gradient ( msg ) and inexact matrix exponentiated gradient ( meg ), and achieve $\ epsilon $- suboptimality in the population objective in $\ operatorname { poly }(\ frac { 1 }{\ epsilon })$ iterations . we also consider practical variants of the proposed algorithms and compare them with other me ←
→ computational evolution of decision - making strategies ; most research on adaptive decision - making takes a strategy - first approach , proposing a method of solving a problem and then examining whether it can be implemented in the brain and in what environments it succeeds . we present a method for studying strategy development based on computational evolution that takes the opposite approach , allowing strategies to develop in response to the decision - making environment via darwinian evolution . we apply this app ←
→ hierarchical memory networks ; memory networks are neural networks with an explicit memory component that can be both read and written to by the network . the memory is often addressed in a soft way using a softmax function , making end - to - end training with backpropagation possible . however , this is not computationally scalable for applications which require the network to read from extremely large memories . on the other hand , it is well known that hard attention mechanisms based on reinforcement learning are ←
→ perceptual context in cognitive hierarchies ; cognition does not only depend on bottom - up sensor feature abstraction , but also relies on contextual information being passed top - down . context is higher level information that helps to predict belief states at lower levels . the main contribution of this paper is to provide a formalisation of perceptual context and its integration into a new process model for cognitive hierarchies . several simple instantiations of a cognitive hierarchy are used to illustrate th ←
→ making neural qa as simple as possible but not simpler ; recent development of large - scale question answering ( qa ) datasets triggered a substantial amount of research into end - to - end neural architectures for qa . increasingly complex systems have been conceived without comparison to simpler neural baseline systems that would justify their complexity . in this work , we propose a simple heuristic that guides the development of neural baseline systems for the extractive qa task . we find that there are two ingred ←
→ a review on bilevel optimization : from classical to evolutionary approaches and applications ; bilevel optimization is defined as a mathematical program , where an optimization problem contains another optimization problem as a constraint . these problems have received significant attention from the mathematical programming community . only limited work exists on bilevel problems using evolutionary computation techniques ; however , recently there has been an increasing interest due to the proliferation of pra ←
→ deepstyle : multimodal search engine for fashion and interior design ; in this paper , we propose a multimodal search engine that combines visual and textual cues to retrieve items from a multimedia database aesthetically similar to the query . the goal of our engine is to enable intuitive retrieval of fashion merchandise such as clothes or furniture . existing search engines treat textual input only as an additional source of information about the query image and do not correspond to the real - life scenario whe ←
→ how to augment a small learning set for improving the performances of a cnn - based steganalyzer ? ; deep learning and convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have been intensively used in many image processing topics during last years . as far as steganalysis is concerned , the use of cnn allows reaching the state - of - the - art results . the performances of such networks often rely on the size of their learning database . an obvious preliminary assumption could be considering that " the bigger a database is , the better ←
→ bayesian logic programs ; bayesian networks provide an elegant formalism for representing and reasoning about uncertainty using probability theory . theyare a probabilistic extension of propositional logic and , hence , inherit some of the limitations of propositional logic , such as the difficulties to represent objects and relations . we introduce a generalization of bayesian networks , called bayesian logic programs , to overcome these limitations . in order to represent objects and relations it combines bayesia ←
→ the virtual electromagnetic interaction between digital images for image matching with shifting transformation ; a novel way of matching two images with shifting transformation is studied . the approach is based on the presentation of the virtual edge current in images , and also the study of virtual electromagnetic interaction between two related images inspired by electromagnetism . the edge current in images is proposed as a discrete simulation of the physical current , which is based on the significant ed ←
→ can we build a conscious machine ? ; the underlying physiological mechanisms of generating conscious states are still unknown . to make progress on the problem of consciousness , we will need to experimentally design a system that evolves in a similar way our brains do . recent experimental data show that the multiscale nature of the evolving human brain can be implemented by reprogramming human cells . a hybrid system can be designed to include an evolving brain equipped with digital computers that maintain hom ←
→ persistence codebooks for topological data analysis ; topological data analysis , such as persistent homology has shown beneficial properties for machine learning in many tasks . topological representations , such as the persistence diagram ( pd ), however , have a complex structure ( multiset of intervals ) which makes it difficult to combine with typical machine learning workflows . we present novel compact fixed - size vectorial representations of pds based on clustering and bag of words encodings that cope well wi ←
→ a survey of multibiometric systems ; most biometric systems deployed in real - world applications are unimodal . using unimodal biometric systems have to contend with a variety of problems such as : noise in sensed data ; intra - class variations ; inter - class similarities ; non - universality ; spoof attacks . these problems have addressed by using multibiometric systems , which expected to be more reliable due to the presence of multiple , independent pieces of evidence .←
→ speeding up convolutional neural networks by exploiting the sparsity of rectifier units ; rectifier neuron units ( relus ) have been widely used in deep convolutional networks . an relu converts negative values to zeros , and does not change positive values , which leads to a high sparsity of neurons . in this work , we first examine the sparsity of the outputs of relus in some popular deep convolutional architectures . and then we use the sparsity property of relus to accelerate the calculation of convolution by ←
→ a triclustering approach for time evolving graphs ; this paper introduces a novel technique to track structures in time evolving graphs . the method is based on a parameter free approach for three - dimensional co - clustering of the source vertices , the target vertices and the time . all these features are simultaneously segmented in order to build time segments and clusters of vertices whose edge distributions are similar and evolve in the same way over the time segments . the main novelty of this approach lies ←
→ evaluating race and sex diversity in the world ' s largest companies using deep neural networks ; diversity is one of the fundamental properties for the survival of species , populations , and organizations . recent advances in deep learning allow for the rapid and automatic assessment of organizational diversity and possible discrimination by race , sex , age and other parameters . automating the process of assessing the organizational diversity using the deep neural networks and eliminating the human factor may ←
→ combat models for rts games ; game tree search algorithms , such as monte carlo tree search ( mcts ), require access to a forward model ( or " simulator ") of the game at hand . however , in some games such forward model is not readily available . this paper presents three forward models for two - player attrition games , which we call " combat models ", and show how they can be used to simulate combat in rts games . we also show how these combat models can be learned from replay data . we use starcraft as our application ←
→ memorize or generalize ? searching for a compositional rnn in a haystack ; neural networks are very powerful learning systems , but they do not readily generalize from one task to the other . this is partly due to the fact that they do not learn in a compositional way , that is , by discovering skills that are shared by different tasks , and recombining them to solve new problems . in this paper , we explore the compositional generalization capabilities of recurrent neural networks ( rnns ). we first propose the look ←
→ a deeper look at experience replay ; recently experience replay is widely used in various deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) algorithms , however in this paper we showcase that it is not as good as people think . to be more specific , experience replay will significantly hurt the learning process if the size of replay buffer is not well tuned . although experience replay is a necessary component in modern deep rl algorithms to stabilize the network , we should be aware that the idea of experience replay itself is ←
→ gaussian - dirichlet posterior dominance in sequential learning ; we consider the problem of sequential learning from categorical observations bounded in [ 0 , 1 ]. we establish an ordering between the dirichlet posterior over categorical outcomes and a gaussian posterior under observations with n ( 0 , 1 ) noise . we establish that , conditioned upon identical data with at least two observations , the posterior mean of the categorical distribution will always second - order stochastically dominate the posterior mean of th ←
→ a simplified and improved free - variable framework for hilbert ' s epsilon as an operator of indefinite committed choice ; free variables occur frequently in mathematics and computer science with ad hoc and altering semantics . we present the most recent version of our free - variable framework for two - valued logics with properly improved functionality , but only two kinds of free variables left ( instead of three ): implicitly universally and implicitly existentially quantified ones , now simply called " free atoms ←
→ expressing facial structure and appearance information in frequency domain for face recognition ; beneath the uncertain primitive visual features of face images are the primitive intrinsic structural patterns ( pisp ) essential for characterizing a sample face discriminative attributes . it is on this basis that this paper presents a simple yet effective facial descriptor formed from derivatives of gaussian and gabor wavelets . the new descriptor is coined local edge gradient gabor magnitude ( leggm ) pattern . ←
→ integrating distributional lexical contrast into word embeddings for antonym - synonym distinction ; we propose a novel vector representation that integrates lexical contrast into distributional vectors and strengthens the most salient features for determining degrees of word similarity . the improved vectors significantly outperform standard models and distinguish antonyms from synonyms with an average precision of 0 . 66 - 0 . 76 across word classes ( adjectives , nouns , verbs ). moreover , we integrate the lexical ←
→ ica based on split generalized gaussian ; independent component analysis ( ica ) - one of the basic tools in data analysis - aims to find a coordinate system in which the components of the data are independent . most popular ica methods use kurtosis as a metric of non - gaussianity to maximize , such as fastica and jade . however , their assumption of fourth - order moment ( kurtosis ) may not always be satisfied in practice . one of the possible solution is to use third - order moment ( skewness ) instead of kurtosis , whic ←
→ latch : learned arrangements of three patch codes ; we present a novel means of describing local image appearances using binary strings . binary descriptors have drawn increasing interest in recent years due to their speed and low memory footprint . a known shortcoming of these representations is their inferior performance compared to larger , histogram based descriptors such as the sift . our goal is to close this performance gap while maintaining the benefits attributed to binary representations . to this end w ←
→ key point selection and clustering of swimmer coordination through sparse fisher - em ; to answer the existence of optimal swimmer learning / teaching strategies , this work introduces a two - level clustering in order to analyze temporal dynamics of motor learning in breaststroke swimming . each level have been performed through sparse fisher - em , a unsupervised framework which can be applied efficiently on large and correlated datasets . the induced sparsity selects key points of the coordination phase without an ←
→ now that i have a good theory of uncertainty , what else do i need ? ; rather than discussing the isolated merits of a nominative theory of uncertainty , this paper focuses on a class of problems , referred to as dynamic classification problem ( dcp ), which requires the integration of many theories , including a prescriptive theory of uncertainty . we start by analyzing the dynamic classification problem and by defining its induced requirements on a supporting ( plausible ) reasoning system . we provide a summary of ←
→ parametric prediction from parametric agents ; we consider a problem of prediction based on opinions elicited from heterogeneous rational agents with private information . making an accurate prediction with a minimal cost requires a joint design of the incentive mechanism and the prediction algorithm . such a problem lies at the nexus of statistical learning theory and game theory , and arises in many domains such as consumer surveys and mobile crowdsourcing . in order to elicit heterogeneous agents ' private in ←
→ learning from networked examples in a k - partite graph ; many machine learning algorithms are based on the assumption that training examples are drawn independently . however , this assumption does not hold anymore when learning from a networked sample where two or more training examples may share common features . we propose an efficient weighting method for learning from networked examples and show the sample error bound which is better than previous work .←
→ learning monocular visual odometry with dense 3d mapping from dense 3d flow ; this paper introduces a fully deep learning approach to monocular slam , which can perform simultaneous localization using a neural network for learning visual odometry ( l - vo ) and dense 3d mapping . dense 2d flow and a depth image are generated from monocular images by sub - networks , which are then used by a 3d flow associated layer in the l - vo network to generate dense 3d flow . given this 3d flow , the dual - stream l - vo network can ←
→ the dynamic of belief in the transferable belief model and specialization - generalization matrices ; the fundamental updating process in the transferable belief model is related to the concept of specialization and can be described by a specialization matrix . the degree of belief in the truth of a proposition is a degree of justified support . the principle of minimal commitment implies that one should never give more support to the truth of a proposition than justified . we show that dempster ' s rule of cond ←
→ balanced excitation and inhibition are required for high - capacity , noise - robust neuronal selectivity ; neurons and networks in the cerebral cortex must operate reliably despite multiple sources of noise . to evaluate the impact of both input and output noise , we determine the robustness of single - neuron stimulus selective responses , as well as the robustness of attractor states of networks of neurons performing memory tasks . we find that robustness to output noise requires synaptic connections to be in a b ←
→ topic identification for speech without asr ; modern topic identification ( topic id ) systems for speech use automatic speech recognition ( asr ) to produce speech transcripts , and perform supervised classification on such asr outputs . however , under resource - limited conditions , the manually transcribed speech required to develop standard asr systems can be severely limited or unavailable . in this paper , we investigate alternative unsupervised solutions to obtaining tokenizations of speech in terms of a vocabu ←
→ rule based part of speech tagger for homoeopathy clinical realm ; a tagger is a mandatory segment of most text scrutiny systems , as it consigned a s yntax class ( e . g ., noun , verb , adjective , and adverb ) to every word in a sentence . in this paper , we present a simple part of speech tagger for homoeopathy clinical language . this paper reports about the anticipated part of speech tagger for homoeopathy clinical language . it exploit standard pattern for evaluating sentences , untagged clinical corpus of 20085 wo ←
→ hierarchical data representation model - multi - layer nmf ; in this paper , we propose a data representation model that demonstrates hierarchical feature learning using nsnmf . we extend unit algorithm into several layers . experiments with document and image data successfully discovered feature hierarchies . we also prove that proposed method results in much better classification and reconstruction performance , especially for small number of features . feature hierarchies .←
→ from statistical knowledge bases to degrees of belief ; an intelligent agent will often be uncertain about various properties of its environment , and when acting in that environment it will frequently need to quantify its uncertainty . for example , if the agent wishes to employ the expected - utility paradigm of decision theory to guide its actions , it will need to assign degrees of belief ( subjective probabilities ) to various assertions . of course , these degrees of belief should not be arbitrary , but rather s ←
→ an epsilon hierarchical fuzzy twin support vector regression ; the research presents epsilon hierarchical fuzzy twin support vector regression based on epsilon fuzzy twin support vector regression and epsilon twin support vector regression . epsilon ftsvr is achieved by incorporating trapezoidal fuzzy numbers to epsilon tsvr which takes care of uncertainty existing in forecasting problems . epsilon ftsvr determines a pair of epsilon insensitive proximal functions by solving two related quadratic programming p ←
→ online object tracking with proposal selection ; tracking - by - detection approaches are some of the most successful object trackers in recent years . their success is largely determined by the detector model they learn initially and then update over time . however , under challenging conditions where an object can undergo transformations , e . g ., severe rotation , these methods are found to be lacking . in this paper , we address this problem by formulating it as a proposal selection task and making two contributions ←
→ on transitive consistency for linear invertible transformations between euclidean coordinate systems ; transitive consistency is an intrinsic property for collections of linear invertible transformations between euclidean coordinate frames . in practice , when the transformations are estimated from data , this property is lacking . this work addresses the problem of synchronizing transformations that are not transitively consistent . once the transformations have been synchronized , they satisfy the transitive ←
→ on the challenges of learning with inference networks on sparse , high - dimensional data ; we study parameter estimation in nonlinear factor analysis ( nfa ) where the generative model is parameterized by a deep neural network . recent work has focused on learning such models using inference ( or recognition ) networks ; we identify a crucial problem when modeling large , sparse , high - dimensional datasets -- underfitting . we study the extent of underfitting , highlighting that its severity increases with the sparsi ←
→ an improved algorithm for e - generalization ; e - generalization computes common generalizations of given ground terms w . r . t . a given equational background theory e . in 2005 [ arxiv : 1403 . 8118 ], we had presented a computation approach based on standard regular tree grammar algorithms , and a prolog prototype implementation . in this report , we present algorithmic improvements , prove them correct and complete , and give some details of an efficiency - oriented implementation in c that allows us to handle problems larg ←
→ semisupervised classifier evaluation and recalibration ; how many labeled examples are needed to estimate a classifier ' s performance on a new dataset ? we study the case where data is plentiful , but labels are expensive . we show that by making a few reasonable assumptions on the structure of the data , it is possible to estimate performance curves , with confidence bounds , using a small number of ground truth labels . our approach , which we call semisupervised performance evaluation ( spe ), is based on a generat ←
→ language identification of controlled systems : modelling , control and anomaly detection ; formal language techniques have been used in the past to study autonomous dynamical systems . however , for controlled systems , new features are needed to distinguish between information generated by the system and input control . we show how the modelling framework for controlled dynamical systems leads naturally to a formulation in terms of context - dependent grammars . a learning algorithm is proposed for on - line gener ←
→ probabilities of causation : bounds and identification ; this paper deals with the problem of estimating the probability that one event was a cause of another in a given scenario . using structural - semantical definitions of the probabilities of necessary or sufficient causation ( or both ), we show how to optimally bound these quantities from data obtained in experimental and observational studies , making minimal assumptions concerning the data - generating process . in particular , we strengthen the results of pea ←
→ a differential equations approach to optimizing regret trade - offs ; we consider the classical question of predicting binary sequences and study the {\ em optimal } algorithms for obtaining the best possible regret and payoff functions for this problem . the question turns out to be also equivalent to the problem of optimal trade - offs between the regrets of two experts in an " experts problem ", studied before by \ cite { kearns - regret }. while , say , a regret of $\ theta (\ sqrt { t })$ is known , we argue that it important ←
→ a gamp based low complexity sparse bayesian learning algorithm ; in this paper , we present an algorithm for the sparse signal recovery problem that incorporates damped gaussian generalized approximate message passing ( ggamp ) into expectation - maximization ( em )- based sparse bayesian learning ( sbl ). in particular , ggamp is used to implement the e - step in sbl in place of matrix inversion , leveraging the fact that ggamp is guaranteed to converge with appropriate damping . the resulting ggamp - sbl algorithm is much ←
→ linking imagenet wordnet synsets with wikidata ; the linkage of imagenet wordnet synsets to wikidata items will leverage deep learning algorithm with access to a rich multilingual knowledge graph . here i will describe our on - going efforts in linking the two resources and issues faced in matching the wikidata and wordnet knowledge graphs . i show an example on how the linkage can be used in a deep learning setting with real - time image classification and labeling in a non - english language and discuss what oppo ←
→ varying k - lipschitz constraint for generative adversarial networks ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are powerful generative models , but suffer from training instability . the recent proposed wasserstein gan with gradient penalty ( wgan - gp ) makes progress toward stable training . gradient penalty acts as the role of enforcing a lipschitz constraint . further investigation on gradient penalty shows that gradient penalty may impose restriction on the capacity of discriminator . as a replacement , we introduc ←
→ copeland dueling bandits ; a version of the dueling bandit problem is addressed in which a condorcet winner may not exist . two algorithms are proposed that instead seek to minimize regret with respect to the copeland winner , which , unlike the condorcet winner , is guaranteed to exist . the first , copeland confidence bound ( ccb ), is designed for small numbers of arms , while the second , scalable copeland bandits ( scb ), works better for large - scale problems . we provide theoretical results bounding the regret acc ←
→ a symbolic sat - based algorithm for almost - sure reachability with small strategies in pomdps ; pomdps are standard models for probabilistic planning problems , where an agent interacts with an uncertain environment . we study the problem of almost - sure reachability , where given a set of target states , the question is to decide whether there is a policy to ensure that the target set is reached with probability 1 ( almost - surely ). while in general the problem is exptime - complete , in many practical cases policie ←
→ artificial intelligence and legal liability ; a recent issue of a popular computing journal asked which laws would apply if a self - driving car killed a pedestrian . this paper considers the question of legal liability for artificially intelligent computer systems . it discusses whether criminal liability could ever apply ; to whom it might apply ; and , under civil law , whether an ai program is a product that is subject to product design legislation or a service to which the tort of negligence applies . the issue ←
→ optimization of test case generation using genetic algorithm ( ga ) ; testing provides means pertaining to assuring software performance . the total aim of software industry is actually to make a certain start associated with high quality software for the end user . however , associated with software testing has quite a few underlying concerns , which are very important and need to pay attention on these issues . these issues are effectively generating , prioritization of test cases , etc . these issues can be overco ←
→ prototypical networks for few - shot learning ; we propose prototypical networks for the problem of few - shot classification , where a classifier must generalize to new classes not seen in the training set , given only a small number of examples of each new class . prototypical networks learn a metric space in which classification can be performed by computing distances to prototype representations of each class . compared to recent approaches for few - shot learning , they reflect a simpler inductive bias that is be ←
→ on - board vision processing for small uavs : time to rethink strategy ; the ultimate research goal for unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ) is to facilitate autonomy of operation . research in the last decade has highlighted the potential of vision sensing in this regard . although vital for accomplishment of missions assigned to any type of unmanned aerial vehicles , vision sensing is more critical for small aerial vehicles due to lack of high precision inertial sensors . in addition , uncertainty of gps signal in ind ←
→ ct sinogram - consistency learning for metal - induced beam hardening correction ; this paper proposes a sinogram consistency learning method to deal with beam - hardening related artifacts in polychromatic computerized tomography ( ct ). the presence of highly attenuating materials in the scan field causes an inconsistent sinogram , that does not match the range space of the radon transform . when the mismatched data are entered into the range space during ct reconstruction , streaking and shading artifacts are gen ←
→ bandits warm - up cold recommender systems ; we address the cold start problem in recommendation systems assuming no contextual information is available neither about users , nor items . we consider the case in which we only have access to a set of ratings of items by users . most of the existing works consider a batch setting , and use cross - validation to tune parameters . the classical method consists in minimizing the root mean square error over a training subset of the ratings which provides a factorization of ←
→ a bayesian non - parametric method for clustering high - dimensional binary data ; in many real life problems , objects are described by large number of binary features . for instance , documents are characterized by presence or absence of certain keywords ; cancer patients are characterized by presence or absence of certain mutations etc . in such cases , grouping together similar objects / profiles based on such high dimensional binary features is desirable , but challenging . here , i present a bayesian non parametri ←
→ inverting the generator of a generative adversarial network ( ii ) ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) learn a deep generative model that is able to synthesise novel , high - dimensional data samples . new data samples are synthesised by passing latent samples , drawn from a chosen prior distribution , through the generative model . once trained , the latent space exhibits interesting properties , that may be useful for down stream tasks such as classification or retrieval . unfortunately , gans do not offer an " in ←
→ understanding and comparing deep neural networks for age and gender classification ; recently , deep neural networks have demonstrated excellent performances in recognizing the age and gender on human face images . however , these models were applied in a black - box manner with no information provided about which facial features are actually used for prediction and how these features depend on image preprocessing , model initialization and architecture choice . we present a study investigating these different e ←
→ usfd2 : annotating temporal expresions and tlinks for tempeval - 2 ; we describe the university of sheffield system used in the tempeval - 2 challenge , usfd2 . the challenge requires the automatic identification of temporal entities and relations in text . usfd2 identifies and anchors temporal expressions , and also attempts two of the four temporal relation assignment tasks . a rule - based system picks out and anchors temporal expressions , and a maximum entropy classifier assigns temporal link labels , based on featu ←
→ nominals , inverses , counting , and conjunctive queries or : why infinity is your friend ! ; description logics are knowledge representation formalisms that provide , for example , the logical underpinning of the w3c owl standards . conjunctive queries , the standard query language in databases , have recently gained significant attention as an expressive formalism for querying description logic knowledge bases . several different techniques for deciding conjunctive query entailment are available for a wide range o ←
→ local uncertainty sampling for large - scale multi - class logistic regression ; a major challenge for building statistical models in the big data era is that the available data volume may exceed the computational capability . a common approach to solve this problem is to employ a subsampled dataset that can be handled by the available computational resources . in this paper , we propose a general subsampling scheme for large - scale multi - class logistic regression , and examine the variance of the resulting estima ←
→ augmented reality needle ablation guidance tool for irreversible electroporation in the pancreas ; irreversible electroporation ( ire ) is a soft tissue ablation technique suitable for treatment of inoperable tumours in the pancreas . the process involves applying a high voltage electric field to the tissue containing the mass using needle electrodes , leaving cancerous cells irreversibly damaged and vulnerable to apoptosis . efficacy of the treatment depends heavily on the accuracy of needle placement and req ←
→ an impossibility result for high dimensional supervised learning ; we study high - dimensional asymptotic performance limits of binary supervised classification problems where the class conditional densities are gaussian with unknown means and covariances and the number of signal dimensions scales faster than the number of labeled training samples . we show that the bayes error , namely the minimum attainable error probability with complete distributional knowledge and equally likely classes , can be arbitrarily ←
→ computerization of african languages - french dictionaries ; this paper relates work done during the dilaf project . it consists in converting 5 bilingual african language - french dictionaries originally in word format into xml following the lmf model . the languages processed are bambara , hausa , kanuri , tamajaq and songhai - zarma , still considered as under - resourced languages concerning natural language processing tools . once converted , the dictionaries are available online on the jibiki platform for lookup and ←
→ polisis : automated analysis and presentation of privacy policies using deep learning ; privacy policies are the primary channel through which companies inform users about their data collection and sharing practices . in their current form , policies remain long and difficult to comprehend , thus merely serving the goal of legally protecting the companies . short notices based on information extracted from privacy policies have been shown to be useful and more usable , but face a significant scalability hurdle ,←
→ an empirical evaluation of portfolios approaches for solving csps ; recent research in areas such as sat solving and integer linear programming has shown that the performances of a single arbitrarily efficient solver can be significantly outperformed by a portfolio of possibly slower on - average solvers . we report an empirical evaluation and comparison of portfolio approaches applied to constraint satisfaction problems ( csps ). we compared models developed on top of off - the - shelf machine learning algorithms w ←
→ human and sheep facial landmarks localisation by triplet interpolated features ; in this paper we present a method for localisation of facial landmarks on human and sheep . we introduce a new feature extraction scheme called triplet - interpolated feature used at each iteration of the cascaded shape regression framework . it is able to extract features from similar semantic location given an estimated shape , even when head pose variations are large and the facial landmarks are very sparsely distributed . furth ←
→ functional regularized least squares classi cation with operator - valued kernels ; although operator - valued kernels have recently received increasing interest in various machine learning and functional data analysis problems such as multi - task learning or functional regression , little attention has been paid to the understanding of their associated feature spaces . in this paper , we explore the potential of adopting an operator - valued kernel feature space perspective for the analysis of functional data . we ←
→ segicp : integrated deep semantic segmentation and pose estimation ; recent robotic manipulation competitions have highlighted that sophisticated robots still struggle to achieve fast and reliable perception of task - relevant objects in complex , realistic scenarios . to improve these systems ' perceptive speed and robustness , we present segicp , a novel integrated solution to object recognition and pose estimation . segicp couples convolutional neural networks and multi - hypothesis point cloud registration to achi ←
→ a novel feature extraction for robust emg pattern recognition ; varieties of noises are major problem in recognition of electromyography ( emg ) signal . hence , methods to remove noise become most significant in emg signal analysis . white gaussian noise ( wgn ) is used to represent interference in this paper . generally , wgn is difficult to be removed using typical filtering and solutions to remove wgn are limited . in addition , noise removal is an important step before performing feature extraction , which is used ←
→ inference in hybrid networks : theoretical limits and practical algorithms ; an important subclass of hybrid bayesian networks are those that represent conditional linear gaussian ( clg ) distributions --- a distribution with a multivariate gaussian component for each instantiation of the discrete variables . in this paper we explore the problem of inference in clgs . we show that inference in clgs can be significantly harder than inference in bayes nets . in particular , we prove that even if the clg is restric ←
→ iofclime : the fuzzy logic and the internet of things to control indoor temperature regarding the outdoor ambient conditions ; the internet of things is arriving to our homes or cities through fields already known like smart homes , smart cities , or smart towns . the monitoring of environmental conditions of cities can help to adapt the indoor locations of the cities in order to be more comfortable for people who stay there . a way to improve the indoor conditions is an efficient temperature control , however ,←
→ binary matrix guessing problem ; we introduce the binary matrix guessing problem and provide two algorithms to solve this problem . the first algorithm we introduce is elementwise probing algorithm ( epa ) which is very fast under a score which utilizes frobenius distance . the second algorithm is additive reinforcement learning algorithm which combines ideas from perceptron algorithm and reinforcement learning algorithm . this algorithm is significantly slower compared to first one , but less restrictive and gen ←
→ parametric manifold learning via sparse multidimensional scaling ; we propose a metric - learning framework for computing distance - preserving maps that generate low - dimensional embeddings for a certain class of manifolds . we employ siamese networks to solve the problem of least squares multidimensional scaling for generating mappings that preserve geodesic distances on the manifold . in contrast to previous parametric manifold learning methods we show a substantial reduction in training effort enabled by the c ←
→ a pre - semantics for counterfactual conditionals and similar logics ; the elegant stalnaker / lewis semantics for counterfactual conditonals works with distances between models . but human beings certainly have no tables of models and distances in their head . we begin here an investigation using a more realistic picture , based on findings in neuroscience . we call it a pre - semantics , as its meaning is not a description of the world , but of the brain , whose structure is ( partly ) determined by the world it reasons ←
→ deep learning applied to nlp ; convolutional neural network ( cnns ) are typically associated with computer vision . cnns are responsible for major breakthroughs in image classification and are the core of most computer vision systems today . more recently cnns have been applied to problems in natural language processing and gotten some interesting results . in this paper , we will try to explain the basics of cnns , its different variations and how they have been applied to nlp .←
→ evaluating deep convolutional neural networks for material classification ; determining the material category of a surface from an image is a demanding task in perception that is drawing increasing attention . following the recent remarkable results achieved for image classification and object detection utilising convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), we empirically study material classification of everyday objects employing these techniques . more specifically , we conduct a rigorous evaluation of how state -←
→ recovery conditions and sampling strategies for network lasso ; the network lasso is a recently proposed convex optimization method for machine learning from massive network structured datasets , i . e ., big data over networks . it is a variant of the well - known least absolute shrinkage and selection operator ( lasso ), which is underlying many methods in learning and signal processing involving sparse models . highly scalable implementations of the network lasso can be obtained by state - of - the art proximal method ←
→ optimizing region selection for weakly supervised object detection ; training object detectors with only image - level annotations is very challenging because the target objects are often surrounded by a large number of background clutters . many existing approaches tackle this problem through object proposal mining . however , the collected positive regions are either low in precision or lack of diversity , and the strategy of collecting negative regions is not carefully designed , neither . moreover , training is ←
→ ambiguity - driven fuzzy c - means clustering : how to detect uncertain clustered records ; as a well - known clustering algorithm , fuzzy c - means ( fcm ) allows each input sample to belong to more than one cluster , providing more flexibility than non - fuzzy clustering methods . however , the accuracy of fcm is subject to false detections caused by noisy records , weak feature selection and low certainty of the algorithm in some cases . the false detections are very important in some decision - making application domains ←
→ training artificial neural networks to learn a nondeterministic game ; it is well known that artificial neural networks ( anns ) can learn deterministic automata . learning nondeterministic automata is another matter . this is important because much of the world is nondeterministic , taking the form of unpredictable or probabilistic events that must be acted upon . if anns are to engage such phenomena , then they must be able to learn how to deal with nondeterminism . in this project the game of pong poses a nondet ←
→ towards vision - based smart hospitals : a system for tracking and monitoring hand hygiene compliance ; one in twenty - five patients admitted to a hospital will suffer from a hospital acquired infection . if we can intelligently track healthcare staff , patients , and visitors , we can better understand the sources of such infections . we envision a smart hospital capable of increasing operational efficiency and improving patient care with less spending . in this paper , we propose a non - intrusive vision - based syste ←
→ deepid - net : multi - stage and deformable deep convolutional neural networks for object detection ; in this paper , we propose multi - stage and deformable deep convolutional neural networks for object detection . this new deep learning object detection diagram has innovations in multiple aspects . in the proposed new deep architecture , a new deformation constrained pooling ( def - pooling ) layer models the deformation of object parts with geometric constraint and penalty . with the proposed multi - stage training stra ←
→ dimensionality reduction for time series data ; despite the fact that they do not consider the temporal nature of data , classic dimensionality reduction techniques , such as pca , are widely applied to time series data . in this paper , we introduce a factor decomposition specific for time series that builds upon the bayesian multivariate autoregressive model and hence evades the assumption that data points are mutually independent . the key is to find a low - rank estimation of the autoregressive matrices . as in ←
→ bayesian structural inference for hidden processes ; we introduce a bayesian approach to discovering patterns in structurally complex processes . the proposed method of bayesian structural inference ( bsi ) relies on a set of candidate unifilar hmm ( uhmm ) topologies for inference of process structure from a data series . we employ a recently developed exact enumeration of topological epsilon - machines . ( a sequel then removes the topological restriction .) this subset of the uhmm topologies has the added benefit t ←
→ reinforcement learning with parameterized actions ; we introduce a model - free algorithm for learning in markov decision processes with parameterized actions - discrete actions with continuous parameters . at each step the agent must select both which action to use and which parameters to use with that action . we introduce the q - pamdp algorithm for learning in these domains , show that it converges to a local optimum , and compare it to direct policy search in the goal - scoring and platform domains .←
→ learning networks determined by the ratio of prior and data ; recent reports have described that the equivalent sample size ( ess ) in a dirichlet prior plays an important role in learning bayesian networks . this paper provides an asymptotic analysis of the marginal likelihood score for a bayesian network . results show that the ratio of the ess and sample size determine the penalty of adding arcs in learning bayesian networks . the number of arcs increases monotonically as the ess increases ; the number of arcs ←
→ towards real - time summarization of scheduled events from twitter streams ; this paper explores the real - time summarization of scheduled events such as soccer games from torrential flows of twitter streams . we propose and evaluate an approach that substantially shrinks the stream of tweets in real - time , and consists of two steps : ( i ) sub - event detection , which determines if something new has occurred , and ( ii ) tweet selection , which picks a representative tweet to describe each sub - event . we compare the summ ←
→ general upper bounds on the running time of parallel evolutionary algorithms ; we present a new method for analyzing the running time of parallel evolutionary algorithms with spatially structured populations . based on the fitness - level method , it yields upper bounds on the expected parallel running time . this allows to rigorously estimate the speedup gained by parallelization . tailored results are given for common migration topologies : ring graphs , torus graphs , hypercubes , and the complete graph . example ←
→ robust report level cluster - to - track fusion ; in this paper we develop a method for report level tracking based on dempster - shafer clustering using potts spin neural networks where clusters of incoming reports are gradually fused into existing tracks , one cluster for each track . incoming reports are put into a cluster and continuous reclustering of older reports is made in order to obtain maximum association fit within the cluster and towards the track . over time , the oldest reports of the cluster leave the ←
→ information retrieval in intelligent systems : current scenario & issues ; web space is the huge repository of data . everyday lots of new information get added to this web space . the more the information , more is demand for tools to access that information . answering users ' queries about the online information intelligently is one of the great challenges in information retrieval in intelligent systems . in this paper , we will start with the brief introduction on information retrieval and intelligent systems a ←
→ deep episodic memory : encoding , recalling , and predicting episodic experiences for robot action execution ; we present a novel deep neural network architecture for representing robot experiences in an episodic - like memory which facilitates encoding , recalling , and predicting action experiences . our proposed unsupervised deep episodic memory model 1 ) encodes observed actions in a latent vector space and , based on this latent encoding , 2 ) infers most similar episodes previously experienced , 3 ) reconstructs ←
→ probabilistic models for high - order projective dependency parsing ; this paper presents generalized probabilistic models for high - order projective dependency parsing and an algorithmic framework for learning these statistical models involving dependency trees . partition functions and marginals for high - order dependency trees can be computed efficiently , by adapting our algorithms which extend the inside - outside algorithm to higher - order cases . to show the effectiveness of our algorithms , we perform experime ←
→ reservoir computing and extreme learning machines using pairs of cellular automata rules ; a framework for implementing reservoir computing ( rc ) and extreme learning machines ( elms ), two types of artificial neural networks , based on 1d elementary cellular automata ( ca ) is presented , in which two separate ca rules explicitly implement the minimum computational requirements of the reservoir layer : hyperdimensional projection and short - term memory . cas are cell - based state machines , which evolve in time in a ←
→ developpement de methodes automatiques pour la reutilisation des composants logiciels ; the large amount of information and the increasing complexity of applications constrain developers to have stand - alone and reusable components from libraries and component markets . our approach consists in developing methods to evaluate the quality of the software component of these libraries , on the one hand and moreover to optimize the financial cost and the adaptation ' s time of these selected components . our objectiv ←
→ numerical methods for coupled reconstruction and registration in digital breast tomosynthesis ; digital breast tomosynthesis ( dbt ) provides an insight into the fine details of normal fibroglandular tissues and abnormal lesions by reconstructing a pseudo - 3d image of the breast . in this respect , dbt overcomes a major limitation of conventional x - ray mammography by reducing the confounding effects caused by the superposition of breast tissue . in a breast cancer screening or diagnostic context , a radiologist ←
→ adaptive candidate generation for scalable edge - discovery tasks on data graphs ; several ` edge - discovery ' applications over graph - based data models are known to have worst - case quadratic time complexity in the nodes , even if the discovered edges are sparse . one example is the generic link discovery problem between two graphs , which has invited research interest in several communities . specific versions of this problem include link prediction in social networks , ontology alignment between metadata - rich rdf ←
→ mathematics of deep learning ; recently there has been a dramatic increase in the performance of recognition systems due to the introduction of deep architectures for representation learning and classification . however , the mathematical reasons for this success remain elusive . this tutorial will review recent work that aims to provide a mathematical justification for several properties of deep networks , such as global optimality , geometric stability , and invariance of the learned representations .←
→ the signed distance function : a new tool for binary classification ; from a geometric perspective most nonlinear binary classification algorithms , including state of the art versions of support vector machine ( svm ) and radial basis function network ( rbfn ) classifiers , and are based on the idea of reconstructing indicator functions . we propose instead to use reconstruction of the signed distance function ( sdf ) as a basis for binary classification . we discuss properties of the signed distance function that ca ←
→ combining generative and discriminative approaches to unsupervised dependency parsing via dual decomposition ; unsupervised dependency parsing aims to learn a dependency parser from unannotated sentences . existing work focuses on either learning generative models using the expectation - maximization algorithm and its variants , or learning discriminative models using the discriminative clustering algorithm . in this paper , we propose a new learning strategy that learns a generative model and a discriminative ←
→ hyperparameter optimization and boosting for classifying facial expressions : how good can a " null " model be ? ; one of the goals of the icml workshop on representation and learning is to establish benchmark scores for a new data set of labeled facial expressions . this paper presents the performance of a " null " model consisting of convolutions with random weights , pca , pooling , normalization , and a linear readout . our approach focused on hyperparameter optimization rather than novel model components . on the ←
→ multi - column deep neural networks for offline handwritten chinese character classification ; our multi - column deep neural networks achieve best known recognition rates on chinese characters from the icdar 2011 and 2013 offline handwriting competitions , approaching human performance .←
→ high - order graph convolutional recurrent neural network : a deep learning framework for network - scale traffic learning and forecasting ; traffic forecasting is a challenging task , due to the complicated spatial dependencies on roadway networks and the time - varying traffic patterns . to address this challenge , we learn the traffic network as a graph and propose a novel deep learning framework , high - order graph convolutional long short - term memory neural network ( hgc - lstm ), to learn the interactions between l ←
→ relationship between the second type of covering - based rough set and matroid via closure operator ; recently , in order to broad the application and theoretical areas of rough sets and matroids , some authors have combined them from many different viewpoints , such as circuits , rank function , spanning sets and so on . in this paper , we connect the second type of covering - based rough sets and matroids from the view of closure operators . on one hand , we establish a closure system through the fixed point family ←
→ bayesian additive adaptive basis tensor product models for modeling high dimensional surfaces : an application to high - throughput toxicity testing ; many modern data sets are sampled with error from complex high - dimensional surfaces . methods such as tensor product splines or gaussian processes are effective / well suited for characterizing a surface in two or three dimensions but may suffer from difficulties when representing higher dimensional surfaces . motivated by high throughput toxicity testing where ob ←
→ structured convex optimization under submodular constraints ; a number of discrete and continuous optimization problems in machine learning are related to convex minimization problems under submodular constraints . in this paper , we deal with a submodular function with a directed graph structure , and we show that a wide range of convex optimization problems under submodular constraints can be solved much more efficiently than general submodular optimization methods by a reduction to a maximum flow problem . f ←
→ ehrs connect research and practice : where predictive modeling , artificial intelligence , and clinical decision support intersect ; objectives : electronic health records ( ehrs ) are only a first step in capturing and utilizing health - related data - the challenge is turning that data into useful information . furthermore , ehrs are increasingly likely to include data relating to patient outcomes , functionality such as clinical decision support , and genetic information as well , and , as such , can be seen as repos ←
→ the sysu system for the interspeech 2015 automatic speaker verification spoofing and countermeasures challenge ; many existing speaker verification systems are reported to be vulnerable against different spoofing attacks , for example speaker - adapted speech synthesis , voice conversion , play back , etc . in order to detect these spoofed speech signals as a countermeasure , we propose a score level fusion approach with several different i - vector subsystems . we show that the acoustic level mel - frequency cepstral ←
→ slac : a sparsely labeled dataset for action classification and localization ; this paper describes a procedure for the creation of large - scale video datasets for action classification and localization from unconstrained , realistic web data . the scalability of the proposed procedure is demonstrated by building a novel video benchmark , named slac ( sparsely labeled actions ), consisting of over 520k untrimmed videos and 1 . 75m clip annotations spanning 200 action categories . using our proposed framework , annot ←
→ robust compressed sensing under matrix uncertainties ; compressed sensing ( cs ) shows that a signal having a sparse or compressible representation can be recovered from a small set of linear measurements . in classical cs theory , the sampling matrix and representation matrix are assumed to be known exactly in advance . however , uncertainties exist due to sampling distortion , finite grids of the parameter space of dictionary , etc . in this paper , we take a generalized sparse signal model , which simultaneously co ←
→ a walk with sgd ; exploring why stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) based optimization methods train deep neural networks ( dnns ) that generalize well has become an active area of research . towards this end , we empirically study the dynamics of sgd when training over - parametrized dnns . specifically we study the dnn loss surface along the trajectory of sgd by interpolating the loss surface between parameters from consecutive \ textit { iterations } and tracking various metrics during training . we find that the loss ←
→ deep image : scaling up image recognition ; we present a state - of - the - art image recognition system , deep image , developed using end - to - end deep learning . the key components are a custom - built supercomputer dedicated to deep learning , a highly optimized parallel algorithm using new strategies for data partitioning and communication , larger deep neural network models , novel data augmentation approaches , and usage of multi - scale high - resolution images . our method achieves excellent results on multiple challengi ←
→ descriptive - complexity based distance for fuzzy sets ; a new distance function dist ( a , b ) for fuzzy sets a and b is introduced . it is based on the descriptive complexity , i . e ., the number of bits ( on average ) that are needed to describe an element in the symmetric difference of the two sets . the distance gives the amount of additional information needed to describe any one of the two sets given the other . we prove its mathematical properties and perform pattern clustering on data based on this distance .←
→ on appropriate selection of fuzzy aggregation operators in medical decision support system ; the decision support system ( dss ) contains more than one antecedent and the degrees of strength of the antecedents need to be combined to determine the overall strength of the rule consequent . the membership values of the linguistic variables in fuzzy have to be combined using an aggregation operator . but it is not feasible to predefine the form of aggregation operators in decision making . instead , each rule shoul ←
→ label distribution learning ; although multi - label learning can deal with many problems with label ambiguity , it does not fit some real applications well where the overall distribution of the importance of the labels matters . this paper proposes a novel learning paradigm named \ emph { label distribution learning } ( ldl ) for such kind of applications . the label distribution covers a certain number of labels , representing the degree to which each label describes the instance . ldl is a more general learning frame ←
→ recursive chaining of reversible image - to - image translators for face aging ; this paper addresses the modeling and simulation of progressive changes over time , such as human face aging . by treating the age phases as a sequence of image domains , we construct a chain of transformers that map images from one age domain to the next . leveraging recent adversarial image translation methods , our approach requires no training samples of the same individual at different ages . here , the model must be flexible enoug ←
→ polar transformer networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are inherently equivariant to translation . efforts to embed other forms of equivariance have concentrated solely on rotation . we expand the notion of equivariance in cnns through the polar transformer network ( ptn ). ptn combines ideas from the spatial transformer network ( stn ) and canonical coordinate representations . the result is a network invariant to translation and equivariant to both rotation and scale . ptn is trained end - to - end and com ←
→ usingword embeddings for query translation for hindi to english cross language information retrieval ; cross - language information retrieval ( clir ) has become an important problem to solve in the recent years due to the growth of content in multiple languages in the web . one of the standard methods is to use query translation from source to target language . in this paper , we propose an approach based on word embeddings , a method that captures contextual clues for a particular word in the source language an ←
→ attentive recurrent tensor model for community question answering ; a major challenge to the problem of community question answering is the lexical and semantic gap between the sentence representations . some solutions to minimize this gap includes the introduction of extra parameters to deep models or augmenting the external handcrafted features . in this paper , we propose a novel attentive recurrent tensor network for solving the lexical and semantic gap in community question answering . we introduce token - l ←
→ cell identification in whole - brain multiview images of neural activation ; we present a scalable method for brain cell identification in multiview confocal light sheet microscopy images . our algorithmic pipeline includes a hierarchical registration approach and a novel multiview version of semantic deconvolution that simultaneously enhance visibility of fluorescent cell bodies , equalize their contrast , and fuses adjacent views into a single 3d images on which cell identification is performed with mean shift ←
→ cixl2 : a crossover operator for evolutionary algorithms based on population features ; in this paper we propose a crossover operator for evolutionary algorithms with real values that is based on the statistical theory of population distributions . the operator is based on the theoretical distribution of the values of the genes of the best individuals in the population . the proposed operator takes into account the localization and dispersion features of the best individuals of the population with the object ←
→ action2activity : recognizing complex activities from sensor data ; as compared to simple actions , activities are much more complex , but semantically consistent with a human ' s real life . techniques for action recognition from sensor generated data are mature . however , there has been relatively little work on bridging the gap between actions and activities . to this end , this paper presents a novel approach for complex activity recognition comprising of two components . the first component is temporal pattern m ←
→ improvements in sub - optimal solving of the $( n ^ 2 - 1 )$- puzzle via joint relocation of pebbles and its applications to rule - based cooperative path - finding ; the problem of solving $( n ^ 2 - 1 )$- puzzle and cooperative path - finding ( cpf ) sub - optimally by rule based algorithms is addressed in this manuscript . the task in the puzzle is to rearrange $ n ^ 2 - 1 $ pebbles on the square grid of the size of n x n using one vacant position to a desired goal configuration . an improvement to the existent polynomial - time algori ←
→ dynamic pricing under finite space demand uncertainty : a multi - armed bandit with dependent arms ; we consider a dynamic pricing problem under unknown demand models . in this problem a seller offers prices to a stream of customers and observes either success or failure in each sale attempt . the underlying demand model is unknown to the seller and can take one of n possible forms . in this paper , we show that this problem can be formulated as a multi - armed bandit with dependent arms . we propose a dynamic pric ←
→ identifying stable patterns over time for emotion recognition from eeg ; in this paper , we investigate stable patterns of electroencephalogram ( eeg ) over time for emotion recognition using a machine learning approach . up to now , various findings of activated patterns associated with different emotions have been reported . however , their stability over time has not been fully investigated yet . in this paper , we focus on identifying eeg stability in emotion recognition . to validate the efficiency of the machin ←
→ exploring new directions in iris recognition ; a new approach in iris recognition based on circular fuzzy iris segmentation ( cfis ) and gabor analytic iris texture binary encoder ( gaitbe ) is proposed and tested here . cfis procedure is designed to guarantee that similar iris segments will be obtained for similar eye images , despite the fact that the degree of occlusion may vary from one image to another . its result is a circular iris ring ( concentric with the pupil ) which approximates the actual iris . gaitbe ←
→ modeling state - conditional observation distribution using weighted stereo samples for factorial speech processing models ; this paper investigates the effectiveness of factorial speech processing models in noise - robust automatic speech recognition tasks . for this purpose , the paper proposes an idealistic approach for modeling state - conditional observation distribution of factorial models based on weighted stereo samples . this approach is an extension to previous single pass retraining for ideal model comp ←
→ the alldifferent constraint with precedences ; we propose alldiffprecedence , a new global constraint that combines together an alldifferent constraint with precedence constraints that strictly order given pairs of variables . we identify a number of applications for this global constraint including instruction scheduling and symmetry breaking . we give an efficient propagation algorithm that enforces bounds consistency on this global constraint . we show how to implement this propagator using a decomposition t ←
→ deep cropping via attention box prediction and aesthetics assessment ; we model the photo cropping problem as a cascade of attention box regression and aesthetic quality classification , based on deep learning . a neural network is designed that has two branches for predicting attention bounding box and analyzing aesthetics , respectively . the predicted attention box is treated as an initial crop window where a set of cropping candidates are generated around it , without missing important information . then , aes ←
→ decentralized sensor fusion with distributed particle filters ; this paper presents a scalable bayesian technique for decentralized state estimation from multiple platforms in dynamic environments . as has long been recognized , centralized architectures impose severe scaling limitations for distributed systems due to the enormous communication overheads . we propose a strictly decentralized approach in which only nearby platforms exchange information . they do so through an interactive communication protocol a ←
→ full - frame scene coordinate regression for image - based localization ; image - based localization , or camera relocalization , is a fundamental problem in computer vision and robotics , and it refers to estimating camera pose from an image . recent state - of - the - art approaches use learning based methods , such as random forests ( rfs ) and convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), to regress for each pixel in the image its corresponding position in the scene ' s world coordinate frame , and solve the final pose via a ransac -←
→ dualgan : unsupervised dual learning for image - to - image translation ; conditional generative adversarial networks ( gans ) for cross - domain image - to - image translation have made much progress recently . depending on the task complexity , thousands to millions of labeled image pairs are needed to train a conditional gan . however , human labeling is expensive , even impractical , and large quantities of data may not always be available . inspired by dual learning from natural language translation , we develop a novel du ←
→ overlapping cover local regression machines ; we present the overlapping domain cover ( odc ) notion for kernel machines , as a set of overlapping subsets of the data that covers the entire training set and optimized to be spatially cohesive as possible . we show how this notion benefit the speed of local kernel machines for regression in terms of both speed while achieving while minimizing the prediction error . we propose an efficient odc framework , which is applicable to various regression models and in parti ←
→ bounding embeddings of vc classes into maximum classes ; one of the earliest conjectures in computational learning theory - the sample compression conjecture - asserts that concept classes ( equivalently set systems ) admit compression schemes of size linear in their vc dimension . to - date this statement is known to be true for maximum classes --- those that possess maximum cardinality for their vc dimension . the most promising approach to positively resolving the conjecture is by embedding general vc classes into m ←
→ salientdso : bringing attention to direct sparse odometry ; although cluttered indoor scenes have a lot of useful high - level semantic information which can be used for mapping and localization , most visual odometry ( vo ) algorithms rely on the usage of geometric features such as points , lines and planes . lately , driven by this idea , the joint optimization of semantic labels and obtaining odometry has gained popularity in the robotics community . the joint optimization is good for accurate results but is genera ←
→ learning articulated motion models from visual and lingual signals ; in order for robots to operate effectively in homes and workplaces , they must be able to manipulate the articulated objects common within environments built for and by humans . previous work learns kinematic models that prescribe this manipulation from visual demonstrations . lingual signals , such as natural language descriptions and instructions , offer a complementary means of conveying knowledge of such manipulation models and are suitable ←
→ learning - theoretic foundations of algorithm configuration for combinatorial partitioning problems ; max - cut , clustering , and many other partitioning problems that are of significant importance to machine learning and other scientific fields are np - hard , a reality that has motivated researchers to develop a wealth of approximation algorithms and heuristics . although the best algorithm to use typically depends on the specific application domain , a worst - case analysis is often used to compare algorithms . thi ←
→ global bandits with holder continuity ; standard multi - armed bandit ( mab ) problems assume that the arms are independent . however , in many application scenarios , the information obtained by playing an arm provides information about the remainder of the arms . hence , in such applications , this informativeness can and should be exploited to enable faster convergence to the optimal solution . in this paper , we introduce and formalize the global mab ( gmab ), in which arms are globally informative through a global p ←
→ cifar - 10 : knn - based ensemble of classifiers ; in this paper , we study the performance of different classifiers on the cifar - 10 dataset , and build an ensemble of classifiers to reach a better performance . we show that , on cifar - 10 , k - nearest neighbors ( knn ) and convolutional neural network ( cnn ), on some classes , are mutually exclusive , thus yield in higher accuracy when combined . we reduce knn overfitting using principal component analysis ( pca ), and ensemble it with a cnn to increase its accuracy . our appr ←
→ laplacian - steered neural style transfer ; neural style transfer based on convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) aims to synthesize a new image that retains the high - level structure of a content image , rendered in the low - level texture of a style image . this is achieved by constraining the new image to have high - level cnn features similar to the content image , and lower - level cnn features similar to the style image . however in the traditional optimization objective , low - level features of the content image are a ←
→ analysis of hand segmentation in the wild ; a large number of works in egocentric vision have concentrated on action and object recognition . detection and segmentation of hands in first person videos , however , has less been explored . for many applications in this domain , it is necessary to accurately segment not only hands of the camera wearer but also the hands of others with whom he is interacting . here , we take an in - depth look at the hand segmentation problem . first , we evaluate the performance of the s ←
→ successor features for transfer in reinforcement learning ; transfer in reinforcement learning refers to the notion that generalization should occur not only within a task but also across tasks . our focus is on transfer where the reward functions vary across tasks while the environment ' s dynamics remain the same . the method we propose rests on two key ideas : " successor features ," a value function representation that decouples the dynamics of the environment from the rewards , and " generalized policy improvem ←
→ anomaly detection in wireless sensor networks ; wireless sensor networks usually comprise a large number of sensors monitoring changes in variables . these changes in variables represent changes in physical quantities . the changes can occur for various reasons ; these reasons are highlighted in this work . outliers are unusual measurements . outliers are important ; they are information - bearing occurrences . this work seeks to identify them based on an approach presented in [ 1 ]. a critical review of most previous ←
→ summarization of films and documentaries based on subtitles and scripts ; we assess the performance of generic text summarization algorithms applied to films and documentaries , using the well - known behavior of summarization of news articles as reference . we use three datasets : ( i ) news articles , ( ii ) film scripts and subtitles , and ( iii ) documentary subtitles . standard rouge metrics are used for comparing generated summaries against news abstracts , plot summaries , and synopses . we show that the best perform ←
→ proactive message passing on memory factor networks ; we introduce a new type of graphical model that we call a " memory factor network " ( mfn ). we show how to use mfns to model the structure inherent in many types of data sets . we also introduce an associated message - passing style algorithm called " proactive message passing "' ( pmp ) that performs inference on mfns . pmp comes with convergence guarantees and is efficient in comparison to competing algorithms such as variants of belief propagation . we specialize ←
→ lifted graphical models : a survey ; this article presents a survey of work on lifted graphical models . we review a general form for a lifted graphical model , a par - factor graph , and show how a number of existing statistical relational representations map to this formalism . we discuss inference algorithms , including lifted inference algorithms , that efficiently compute the answers to probabilistic queries . we also review work in learning lifted graphical models from data . it is our belief that the need for s ←
→ a persona - based neural conversation model ; we present persona - based models for handling the issue of speaker consistency in neural response generation . a speaker model encodes personas in distributed embeddings that capture individual characteristics such as background information and speaking style . a dyadic speaker - addressee model captures properties of interactions between two interlocutors . our models yield qualitative performance improvements in both perplexity and bleu scores over baseline sequence - t ←
→ improving language modeling using densely connected recurrent neural networks ; in this paper , we introduce the novel concept of densely connected layers into recurrent neural networks . we evaluate our proposed architecture on the penn treebank language modeling task . we show that we can obtain similar perplexity scores with six times fewer parameters compared to a standard stacked 2 - layer lstm model trained with dropout ( zaremba et al . 2014 ). in contrast with the current usage of skip connections , we sho ←
→ a fast hierarchical multilevel image segmentation method using unbiased estimators ; this paper proposes a novel method for segmentation of images by hierarchical multilevel thresholding . the method is global , agglomerative in nature and disregards pixel locations . it involves the optimization of the ratio of the unbiased estimators of within class to between class variances . we obtain a recursive relation at each step for the variances which expedites the process . the efficacy of the method is shown in a ←
→ multiple instance dictionary learning for beat - to - beat heart rate monitoring from ballistocardiograms ; a multiple instance dictionary learning approach , dictionary learning using functions of multiple instances ( dl - fumi ), is used to perform beat - to - beat heart rate estimation and to characterize heartbeat signatures from ballistocardiogram ( bcg ) signals collected with a hydraulic bed sensor . dl - fumi estimates a " heartbeat concept " that represents an individual ' s personal ballistocardiogram heartbeat patte ←
→ sparse and silent coding in neural circuits ; sparse coding algorithms are about finding a linear basis in which signals can be represented by a small number of active ( non - zero ) coefficients . such coding has many applications in science and engineering and is believed to play an important role in neural information processing . however , due to the computational complexity of the task , only approximate solutions provide the required efficiency ( in terms of time ). as new results show , under particular conditi ←
→ dnn - based uncertainty estimation for weighted dnn - hmm asr ; in this paper , the uncertainty is defined as the mean square error between a given enhanced noisy observation vector and the corresponding clean one . then , a dnn is trained by using enhanced noisy observation vectors as input and the uncertainty as output with a training database . in testing , the dnn receives an enhanced noisy observation vector and delivers the estimated uncertainty . this uncertainty in employed in combination with a weighted dnn -←
→ feature selection on boolean symbolic objects ; with the boom in it technology , the data sets used in application are more and more larger and are described by a huge number of attributes , therefore , the feature selection become an important discipline in knowledge discovery and data mining , allowing the experts to select the most relevant features to improve the quality of their studies and to reduce the time processing of their algorithm . in addition to that , the data used by the applications become riche ←
→ learning using privileged information : svm + and weighted svm ; prior knowledge can be used to improve predictive performance of learning algorithms or reduce the amount of data required for training . the same goal is pursued within the learning using privileged information paradigm which was recently introduced by vapnik et al . and is aimed at utilizing additional information available only at training time -- a framework implemented by svm +. we relate the privileged information to importance weighting and ←
→ cross - covariance modelling via dags with hidden variables ; dag models with hidden variables present many difficulties that are not present when all nodes are observed . in particular , fully observed dag models are identified and correspond to well - defined sets ofdistributions , whereas this is not true if nodes are unobserved . inthis paper we characterize exactly the set of distributions given by a class of one - dimensional gaussian latent variable models . these models relate two blocks of observed variables ,←
→ adaptive estimation of the copula correlation matrix for semiparametric elliptical copulas ; we study the adaptive estimation of copula correlation matrix $\ sigma $ for the semi - parametric elliptical copula model . in this context , the correlations are connected to kendall ' s tau through a sine function transformation . hence , a natural estimate for $\ sigma $ is the plug - in estimator $\ hat {\ sigma }$ with kendall ' s tau statistic . we first obtain a sharp bound on the operator norm of $\ hat {\ sigma }-\ sigma $. then w ←
→ the 2018 davis challenge on video object segmentation ; we present the 2018 davis challenge on video object segmentation , a public competition specifically designed for the task of video object segmentation . it builds upon the davis 2017 dataset , which was presented in the previous edition of the davis challenge , and added 100 videos with multiple objects per sequence to the original davis 2016 dataset . motivated by the analysis of the results of the 2017 edition , the main track of the competition will be t ←
→ inferring relevant features : from qft to pca ; in many - body physics , renormalization techniques are used to extract aspects of a statistical or quantum state that are relevant at large scale , or for low energy experiments . recent works have proposed that these features can be formally identified as those perturbations of the states whose distinguishability most resist coarse - graining . here , we examine whether this same strategy can be used to identify important features of an unlabeled dataset . this approac ←
→ statistical constraints ; we introduce statistical constraints , a declarative modelling tool that links statistics and constraint programming . we discuss two statistical constraints and some associated filtering algorithms . finally , we illustrate applications to standard problems encountered in statistics and to a novel inspection scheduling problem in which the aim is to find inspection plans with desirable statistical properties .←
→ a short image series based scheme for time series digital image correlation ; a new scheme for digital image correlation , i . e ., short time series dic ( sts - dic ) is proposed . instead of processing the original deformed speckle images individually , sts - dic combines several adjacent deformed speckle images from a short time series and then processes the averaged image , for which deformation continuity over time is introduced . the deformation of several adjacent images is assumed to be linear in time and a new ←
→ hand - eye and robot - world calibration by global polynomial optimization ; the need to relate measurements made by a camera to a different known coordinate system arises in many engineering applications . historically , it appeared for the first time in the connection with cameras mounted on robotic systems . this problem is commonly known as hand - eye calibration . in this paper , we present several formulations of hand - eye calibration that lead to multivariate polynomial optimization problems . we show that the me ←
→ a neural - network technique for recognition of filaments in solar images ; we describe a new neural - network technique developed for an automated recognition of solar filaments visible in the hydrogen h - alpha line full disk spectroheliograms . this technique allows neural networks learn from a few image fragments labelled manually to recognize the single filaments depicted on a local background . the trained network is able to recognize filaments depicted on the backgrounds with variations in brightness caused ←
→ bandits and experts in metric spaces ; in a multi - armed bandit problem , an online algorithm chooses from a set of strategies in a sequence of trials so as to maximize the total payoff of the chosen strategies . while the performance of bandit algorithms with a small finite strategy set is quite well understood , bandit problems with large strategy sets are still a topic of very active investigation , motivated by practical applications such as online auctions and web advertisement . the goal of such research is ←
→ boda - rtc : productive generation of portable , efficient code for convolutional neural networks on mobile computing platforms ; the popularity of neural networks ( nns ) spans academia , industry , and popular culture . in particular , convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been applied to many image based machine learning tasks and have yielded strong results . the availability of hardware / software systems for efficient training and deployment of large and / or deep cnn models has been , and continues to be , an i ←
→ distributed object medical imaging model ; digital medical informatics and images are commonly used in hospitals today ,. because of the interrelatedness of the radiology department and other departments , especially the intensive care unit and emergency department , the transmission and sharing of medical images has become a critical issue . our research group has developed a java - based distributed object medical imaging model ( domim ) to facilitate the rapid development and deployment of medical imaging applica ←
→ on the minimax risk of dictionary learning ; we consider the problem of learning a dictionary matrix from a number of observed signals , which are assumed to be generated via a linear model with a common underlying dictionary . in particular , we derive lower bounds on the minimum achievable worst case mean squared error ( mse ), regardless of computational complexity of the dictionary learning ( dl ) schemes . by casting dl as a classical ( or frequentist ) estimation problem , the lower bounds on the worst case mse ←
→ flip - flop sublinear models for graphs : proof of theorem 1 ; we prove that there is no class - dual for almost all sublinear models on graphs .←
→ deep haptic model predictive control for robot - assisted dressing ; robot - assisted dressing offers an opportunity to benefit the lives of many people with disabilities , such as some older adults . however , robots currently lack common sense about the physical implications of their actions on people . the physical implications of dressing are complicated by non - rigid garments , which can result in a robot indirectly applying high forces to a person ' s body . we present a deep recurrent model that , when given a pro ←
→ comparative studies on decentralized multiloop pid controller design using evolutionary algorithms ; decentralized pid controllers have been designed in this paper for simultaneous tracking of individual process variables in multivariable systems under step reference input . the controller design framework takes into account the minimization of a weighted sum of integral of time multiplied squared error ( itse ) and integral of squared controller output ( isco ) so as to balance the overall tracking errors for ←
→ diachronic word embeddings reveal statistical laws of semantic change ; understanding how words change their meanings over time is key to models of language and cultural evolution , but historical data on meaning is scarce , making theories hard to develop and test . word embeddings show promise as a diachronic tool , but have not been carefully evaluated . we develop a robust methodology for quantifying semantic change by evaluating word embeddings ( ppmi , svd , word2vec ) against known historical changes . we then ←
→ a corpus of preposition supersenses in english web reviews ; we present the first corpus annotated with preposition supersenses , unlexicalized categories for semantic functions that can be marked by english prepositions ( schneider et al ., 2015 ). that scheme improves upon its predecessors to better facilitate comprehensive manual annotation . moreover , unlike the previous schemes , the preposition supersenses are organized hierarchically . our data will be publicly released on the web upon publication .←
→ untrimmednets for weakly supervised action recognition and detection ; current action recognition methods heavily rely on trimmed videos for model training . however , it is expensive and time - consuming to acquire a large - scale trimmed video dataset . this paper presents a new weakly supervised architecture , called untrimmednet , which is able to directly learn action recognition models from untrimmed videos without the requirement of temporal annotations of action instances . our untrimmednet couples two import ←
→ a study for the feature core of dynamic reduct ; to the reduct problems of decision system , the paper proposes the notion of dynamic core according to the dynamic reduct model . it describes various formal definitions of dynamic core , and discusses some properties about dynamic core . all of these show that dynamic core possesses the essential characters of the feature core .←
→ svcca : singular vector canonical correlation analysis for deep learning dynamics and interpretability ; we propose a new technique , singular vector canonical correlation analysis ( svcca ), a tool for quickly comparing two representations in a way that is both invariant to affine transform ( allowing comparison between different layers and networks ) and fast to compute ( allowing more comparisons to be calculated than with previous methods ). we deploy this tool to measure the intrinsic dimensionality of layer ←
→ rubystar : a non - task - oriented mixture model dialog system ; rubystar is a dialog system designed to create " human - like " conversation by combining different response generation strategies . rubystar conducts a non - task - oriented conversation on general topics by using an ensemble of rule - based , retrieval - based and generative methods . topic detection , engagement monitoring , and context tracking are used for managing interaction . predictable elements of conversation , such as the bot ' s backstory and simple questi ←
→ underwater multi - robot convoying using visual tracking by detection ; we present a robust multi - robot convoying approach that relies on visual detection of the leading agent , thus enabling target following in unstructured 3 - d environments . our method is based on the idea of tracking - by - detection , which interleaves efficient model - based object detection with temporal filtering of image - based bounding box estimation . this approach has the important advantage of mitigating tracking drift ( i . e . drifting away fr ←
→ the weighted kendall and high - order kernels for permutations ; we propose new positive definite kernels for permutations . first we introduce a weighted version of the kendall kernel , which allows to weight unequally the contributions of different item pairs in the permutations depending on their ranks . like the kendall kernel , we show that the weighted version is invariant to relabeling of items and can be computed efficiently in $ o ( n \ ln ( n ))$ operations , where $ n $ is the number of items in the permutation .←
→ multiclass minmax rank aggregation ; we introduce a new family of minmax rank aggregation problems under two distance measures , the kendall {\ tau } and the spearman footrule . as the problems are np - hard , we proceed to describe a number of constant - approximation algorithms for solving them . we conclude with illustrative applications of the aggregation methods on the mallows model and genomic data .←
→ active learning with logged data ; we consider active learning with logged data , where labeled examples are drawn conditioned on a predetermined logging policy , and the goal is to learn a classifier on the entire population , not just conditioned on the logging policy . prior work addresses this problem either when only logged data is available , or purely in a controlled random experimentation setting where the logged data is ignored . in this work , we combine both approaches to provide an algorithm that use ←
→ competing with wild prediction rules ; we consider the problem of on - line prediction competitive with a benchmark class of continuous but highly irregular prediction rules . it is known that if the benchmark class is a reproducing kernel hilbert space , there exists a prediction algorithm whose average loss over the first n examples does not exceed the average loss of any prediction rule in the class plus a " regret term " of o ( n ^(- 1 / 2 )). the elements of some natural benchmark classes , however , are so irregular ←
→ incremental truncated lstd ; balancing between computational efficiency and sample efficiency is an important goal in reinforcement learning . temporal difference ( td ) learning algorithms stochastically update the value function , with a linear time complexity in the number of features , whereas least - squares temporal difference ( lstd ) algorithms are sample efficient but can be quadratic in the number of features . in this work , we develop an efficient incremental low - rank lstd ({\ lambda }) algorithm that progres ←
→ evidential relational clustering using medoids ; in real clustering applications , proximity data , in which only pairwise similarities or dissimilarities are known , is more general than object data , in which each pattern is described explicitly by a list of attributes . medoid - based clustering algorithms , which assume the prototypes of classes are objects , are of great value for partitioning relational data sets . in this paper a new prototype - based clustering method , named evidential c - medoids ( ecmdd ), which ←
→ investigating the effects of dynamic precision scaling on neural network training ; training neural networks is a time - and compute - intensive operation . this is mainly due to the large amount of floating point tensor operations that are required during training . these constraints limit the scope of design space explorations ( in terms of hyperparameter search ) for data scientists and researchers . recent work has explored the possibility of reducing the numerical precision used to represent parameters , acti ←
→ joint modeling of accents and acoustics for multi - accent speech recognition ; the performance of automatic speech recognition systems degrades with increasing mismatch between the training and testing scenarios . differences in speaker accents are a significant source of such mismatch . the traditional approach to deal with multiple accents involves pooling data from several accents during training and building a single model in multi - task fashion , where tasks correspond to individual accents . in this paper ←
→ large - scale isolated gesture recognition using convolutional neural networks ; this paper proposes three simple , compact yet effective representations of depth sequences , referred to respectively as dynamic depth images ( ddi ), dynamic depth normal images ( ddni ) and dynamic depth motion normal images ( ddmni ). these dynamic images are constructed from a sequence of depth maps using bidirectional rank pooling to effectively capture the spatial - temporal information . such image - based representations enable us ←
→ digital image splicing detection based on markov features in qdct and qwt domain ; image splicing detection is of fundamental importance in digital forensics and therefore has attracted increasing attention recently . in this paper , a color image splicing detection approach is proposed based on markov transition probability of quaternion component separation in quaternion discrete cosine transform ( qdct ) domain and quaternion wavelet transform ( qwt ) domain . firstly , markov features of the intra - block and i ←
→ german in flux : detecting metaphoric change via word entropy ; this paper explores the information - theoretic measure entropy to detect metaphoric change , transferring ideas from hypernym detection to research on language change . we also build the first diachronic test set for german as a standard for metaphoric change annotation . our model shows high performance , is unsupervised , language - independent and generalizable to other processes of semantic change .←
→ onto2vec : joint vector - based representation of biological entities and their ontology - based annotations ; we propose the onto2vec method , an approach to learn feature vectors for biological entities based on their annotations to biomedical ontologies . our method can be applied to a wide range of bioinformatics research problems such as similarity - based prediction of interactions between proteins , classification of interaction types using supervised learning , or clustering .←
→ object - oriented knowledge representation and data storage using inhomogeneous classes ; this paper contains analysis of concept of a class within different object - oriented knowledge representation models . the main attention is paid to structure of the class and its efficiency in the context of data storage , using object - relational mapping . the main achievement of the paper is extension of concept of homogeneous class of objects by introducing concepts of single - core and multi - core inhomogeneous classes of ←
→ rotational subgroup voting and pose clustering for robust 3d object recognition ; it is possible to associate a highly constrained subset of relative 6 dof poses between two 3d shapes , as long as the local surface orientation , the normal vector , is available at every surface point . local shape features can be used to find putative point correspondences between the models due to their ability to handle noisy and incomplete data . however , this correspondence set is usually contaminated by outliers in practi ←
→ deep exploration via bootstrapped dqn ; efficient exploration in complex environments remains a major challenge for reinforcement learning . we propose bootstrapped dqn , a simple algorithm that explores in a computationally and statistically efficient manner through use of randomized value functions . unlike dithering strategies such as epsilon - greedy exploration , bootstrapped dqn carries out temporally - extended ( or deep ) exploration ; this can lead to exponentially faster learning . we demonstrate these benefi ←
→ towards grounding conceptual spaces in neural representations ; the highly influential framework of conceptual spaces provides a geometric way of representing knowledge . it aims at bridging the gap between symbolic and subsymbolic processing . instances are represented by points in a high - dimensional space and concepts are represented by convex regions in this space . in this paper , we present our approach towards grounding the dimensions of a conceptual space in latent spaces learned by an infogan from unlab ←
→ the entire quantile path of a risk - agnostic svm classifier ; a quantile binary classifier uses the rule : classify x as + 1 if p ( y = 1 | x = x ) >= t , and as - 1 otherwise , for a fixed quantile parameter t {[ 0 , 1 ]. it has been shown that support vector machines ( svms ) in the limit are quantile classifiers with t = 1 / 2 . in this paper , we show that by using asymmetric cost of misclassification svms can be appropriately extended to recover , in the limit , the quantile binary classifier for any t . we then present a p ←
→ face alignment with cascaded semi - parametric deep greedy neural forests ; face alignment is an active topic in computer vision , consisting in aligning a shape model on the face . to this end , most modern approaches refine the shape in a cascaded manner , starting from an initial guess . those shape updates can either be applied in the feature point space (\ textit { i . e .} explicit updates ) or in a low - dimensional , parametric space . in this paper , we propose a semi - parametric cascade that first aligns a parametric ←
→ efficiently searching for frustrated cycles in map inference ; dual decomposition provides a tractable framework for designing algorithms for finding the most probable ( map ) configuration in graphical models . however , for many real - world inference problems , the typical decomposition has a large integrality gap , due to frustrated cycles . one way to tighten the relaxation is to introduce additional constraints that explicitly enforce cycle consistency . earlier work showed that cluster - pursuit algorithms , whic ←
→ widening siamese architectures for stereo matching ; computational stereo is one of the classical problems in computer vision . numerous algorithms and solutions have been reported in recent years focusing on developing methods for computing similarity , aggregating it to obtain spatial support and finally optimizing an energy function to find the final disparity . in this paper , we focus on the feature extraction component of stereo matching architecture and we show standard cnns operation can be used to impr ←
→ on the role of contrast and regularity in perceptual boundary saliency ; mathematical morphology proposes to extract shapes from images as connected components of level sets . these methods prove very suitable for shape recognition and analysis . we present a method to select the perceptually significant ( i . e ., contrasted ) level lines ( boundaries of level sets ), using the helmholtz principle as first proposed by desolneux et al . contrarily to the classical formulation by desolneux et al . where level lines mus ←
→ exploring human vision driven features for pedestrian detection ; motivated by the center - surround mechanism in the human visual attention system , we propose to use average contrast maps for the challenge of pedestrian detection in street scenes due to the observation that pedestrians indeed exhibit discriminative contrast texture . our main contributions are first to design a local , statistical multi - channel descriptorin order to incorporate both color and gradient information . second , we introduce a multi -←
→ exploiting problem structure in a genetic algorithm approach to a nurse rostering problem ; there is considerable interest in the use of genetic algorithms to solve problems arising in the areas of scheduling and timetabling . however , the classical genetic algorithm paradigm is not well equipped to handle the conflict between objectives and constraints that typically occurs in such problems . in order to overcome this , successful implementations frequently make use of problem specific knowledge . this paper ←
→ mapping instructions and visual observations to actions with reinforcement learning ; we propose to directly map raw visual observations and text input to actions for instruction execution . while existing approaches assume access to structured environment representations or use a pipeline of separately trained models , we learn a single model to jointly reason about linguistic and visual input . we use reinforcement learning in a contextual bandit setting to train a neural network agent . to guide the agent '←
→ optimization of cross domain sentiment analysis using sentiwordnet ; the task of sentiment analysis of reviews is carried out using manually built / automatically generated lexicon resources of their own with which terms are matched with lexicon to compute the term count for positive and negative polarity . on the other hand the sentiwordnet , which is quite different from other lexicon resources that gives scores ( weights ) of the positive and negative polarity for each word . the polarity of a word namely pos ←
→ training restricted boltzmann machines via the thouless - anderson - palmer free energy ; restricted boltzmann machines are undirected neural networks which have been shown to be effective in many applications , including serving as initializations for training deep multi - layer neural networks . one of the main reasons for their success is the existence of efficient and practical stochastic algorithms , such as contrastive divergence , for unsupervised training . we propose an alternative deterministic iterative p ←
→ learning without prejudice : avoiding bias in webly - supervised action recognition ; webly - supervised learning has recently emerged as an alternative paradigm to traditional supervised learning based on large - scale datasets with manual annotations . the key idea is that models such as cnns can be learned from the noisy visual data available on the web . in this work we aim to exploit web data for video understanding tasks such as action recognition and detection . one of the main problems in webly - supervised l ←
→ augmented artificial intelligence : a conceptual framework ; all artificial intelligence ( ai ) systems make errors . these errors are unexpected , and differ often from the typical human mistakes (" non - human " errors ). the ai errors should be corrected without damage of existing skills and , hopefully , avoiding direct human expertise . this paper presents an initial summary report of project taking new and systematic approach to improving the intellectual effectiveness of the individual ai by communities of ais . w ←
→ counting people from above : airborne video based crowd analysis ; crowd monitoring and analysis in mass events are highly important technologies to support the security of attending persons . proposed methods based on terrestrial or airborne image / video data often fail in achieving sufficiently accurate results to guarantee a robust service . we present a novel framework for estimating human count , density and motion from video data based on custom tailored object detection techniques , a regression based dens ←
→ temporally consistent motion segmentation from rgb - d video ; we present a method for temporally consistent motion segmentation from rgb - d videos assuming a piecewise rigid motion model . we formulate global energies over entire rgb - d sequences in terms of the segmentation of each frame into a number of objects , and the rigid motion of each object through the sequence . we develop a novel initialization procedure that clusters feature tracks obtained from the rgb data by leveraging the depth information . we mi ←
→ short - term mortality prediction for elderly patients using medicare claims data ; risk prediction is central to both clinical medicine and public health . while many machine learning models have been developed to predict mortality , they are rarely applied in the clinical literature , where classification tasks typically rely on logistic regression . one reason for this is that existing machine learning models often seek to optimize predictions by incorporating features that are not present in the databases r ←
→ efficient localized inference for large graphical models ; we propose a new localized inference algorithm for answering marginalization queries in large graphical models with the correlation decay property . given a query variable and a large graphical model , we define a much smaller model in a local region around the query variable in the target model so that the marginal distribution of the query variable can be accurately approximated . we introduce two approximation error bounds based on the dobrushin ' s c ←
→ deep endovo : a recurrent convolutional neural network ( rcnn ) based visual odometry approach for endoscopic capsule robots ; ingestible wireless capsule endoscopy is an emerging minimally invasive diagnostic technology for inspection of the gi tract and diagnosis of a wide range of diseases and pathologies . medical device companies and many research groups have recently made substantial progresses in converting passive capsule endoscopes to active capsule robots , enabling more accurate , precise , and intuit ←
→ user modelling for avoiding overfitting in interactive knowledge elicitation for prediction ; in human - in - the - loop machine learning , the user provides information beyond that in the training data . many algorithms and user interfaces have been designed to optimize and facilitate this human -- machine interaction ; however , fewer studies have addressed the potential defects the designs can cause . effective interaction often requires exposing the user to the training data or its statistics . the design of the sy ←
→ all - in - 1 : short text classification with one model for all languages ; we present all - in - 1 , a simple model for multilingual text classification that does not require any parallel data . it is based on a traditional support vector machine classifier exploiting multilingual word embeddings and character n - grams . our model is simple , easily extendable yet very effective , overall ranking 1st ( out of 12 teams ) in the ijcnlp 2017 shared task on customer feedback analysis in four languages : english , french , japanes ←
→ extreme state aggregation beyond mdps ; we consider a reinforcement learning setup where an agent interacts with an environment in observation - reward - action cycles without any ( esp .\ mdp ) assumptions on the environment . state aggregation and more generally feature reinforcement learning is concerned with mapping histories / raw - states to reduced / aggregated states . the idea behind both is that the resulting reduced process ( approximately ) forms a small stationary finite - state mdp , which can then be efficiently ←
→ unsupervised learning through prediction in a model of cortex ; we propose a primitive called pjoin , for " predictive join ," which combines and extends the operations join and link , which valiant proposed as the basis of a computational theory of cortex . we show that pjoin can be implemented in valiant ' s model . we also show that , using pjoin , certain reasonably complex learning and pattern matching tasks can be performed , in a way that involves phenomena which have been observed in cognition and the brain , n ←
→ persian heritage image binarization competition ( phibc 2012 ) ; the first competition on the binarization of historical persian documents and manuscripts ( phibc 2012 ) has been organized in conjunction with the first iranian conference on pattern recognition and image analysis ( pria 2013 ). the main objective of phibc 2012 is to evaluate performance of the binarization methodologies , when applied on the persian heritage images . this paper provides a report on the methodology and performance of the three submit ←
→ accent classification with phonetic vowel representation ; previous accent classification research focused mainly on detecting accents with pure acoustic information without recognizing accented speech . this work combines phonetic knowledge such as vowels with acoustic information to build guassian mixture model ( gmm ) classifier with perceptual linear predictive ( plp ) features , optimized by hetroscedastic linear discriminant analysis ( hlda ). with input about 20 - second accented speech , this system achieves c ←
→ domain adaptation : learning bounds and algorithms ; this paper addresses the general problem of domain adaptation which arises in a variety of applications where the distribution of the labeled sample available somewhat differs from that of the test data . building on previous work by ben - david et al . ( 2007 ), we introduce a novel distance between distributions , discrepancy distance , that is tailored to adaptation problems with arbitrary loss functions . we give rademacher complexity bounds for estimating the ←
→ modeling source syntax for neural machine translation ; even though a linguistics - free sequence to sequence model in neural machine translation ( nmt ) has certain capability of implicitly learning syntactic information of source sentences , this paper shows that source syntax can be explicitly incorporated into nmt effectively to provide further improvements . specifically , we linearize parse trees of source sentences to obtain structural label sequences . on the basis , we propose three different sorts of encod ←
→ hyflex : a benchmark framework for cross - domain heuristic search ; automating the design of heuristic search methods is an active research field within computer science , artificial intelligence and operational research . in order to make these methods more generally applicable , it is important to eliminate or reduce the role of the human expert in the process of designing an effective methodology to solve a given computational search problem . researchers developing such methodologies are often constrained on ←
→ towards a universal theory of artificial intelligence based on algorithmic probability and sequential decision theory ; decision theory formally solves the problem of rational agents in uncertain worlds if the true environmental probability distribution is known . solomonoff ' s theory of universal induction formally solves the problem of sequence prediction for unknown distribution . we unify both theories and give strong arguments that the resulting universal aixi model behaves optimal in any computable env ←
→ zipf ' s law for word frequencies : word forms versus lemmas in long texts ; zipf ' s law is a fundamental paradigm in the statistics of written and spoken natural language as well as in other communication systems . we raise the question of the elementary units for which zipf ' s law should hold in the most natural way , studying its validity for plain word forms and for the corresponding lemma forms . in order to have as homogeneous sources as possible , we analyze some of the longest literary texts ever written , co ←
→ a stochastic grammar for natural shapes ; we consider object detection using a generic model for natural shapes . a common approach for object recognition involves matching object models directly to images . another approach involves building intermediate representations via a generic grouping processes . we argue that these two processes ( model - based recognition and grouping ) may use similar computational mechanisms . by defining a generic model for shapes we can use model - based techniques to implement a mid - l ←
→ representation learning by rotating your faces ; the large pose discrepancy between two face images is one of the fundamental challenges in automatic face recognition . conventional approaches to pose - invariant face recognition either perform face frontalization on , or learn a pose - invariant representation from , a non - frontal face image . we argue that it is more desirable to perform both tasks jointly to allow them to leverage each other . to this end , this paper proposes a disentangled representation learnin ←
→ vision - based human gender recognition : a survey ; gender is an important demographic attribute of people . this paper provides a survey of human gender recognition in computer vision . a review of approaches exploiting information from face and whole body ( either from a still image or gait sequence ) is presented . we highlight the challenges faced and survey the representative methods of these approaches . based on the results , good performance have been achieved for datasets captured under controlled environme ←
→ distributed real - time sentiment analysis for big data social streams ; big data trend has enforced the data - centric systems to have continuous fast data streams . in recent years , real - time analytics on stream data has formed into a new research field , which aims to answer queries about what - is - happening - now with a negligible delay . the real challenge with real - time stream data processing is that it is impossible to store instances of data , and therefore online analytical algorithms are utilized . to perform ←
→ local similarity - aware deep feature embedding ; existing deep embedding methods in vision tasks are capable of learning a compact euclidean space from images , where euclidean distances correspond to a similarity metric . to make learning more effective and efficient , hard sample mining is usually employed , with samples identified through computing the euclidean feature distance . however , the global euclidean distance cannot faithfully characterize the true feature similarity in a complex visual feature space ←
→ chess pure strategies are probably chaotic ; it is odd that chess grandmasters often disagree in their analysis of positions , sometimes even of simple ones , and that a grandmaster can hold his own against an powerful analytic machine such as deep blue . the fact that there must exist pure winning strategies for chess is used to construct a control strategy function . it is then shown that chess strategy is equivalent to an autonomous system of differential equations , and conjectured that the system is chaotic ←
→ how images inspire poems : generating classical chinese poetry from images with memory networks ; with the recent advances of neural models and natural language processing , automatic generation of classical chinese poetry has drawn significant attention due to its artistic and cultural value . previous works mainly focus on generating poetry given keywords or other text information , while visual inspirations for poetry have been rarely explored . generating poetry from images is much more challenging than ge ←
→ deep metric learning via lifted structured feature embedding ; learning the distance metric between pairs of examples is of great importance for learning and visual recognition . with the remarkable success from the state of the art convolutional neural networks , recent works have shown promising results on discriminatively training the networks to learn semantic feature embeddings where similar examples are mapped close to each other and dissimilar examples are mapped farther apart . in this paper , we descri ←
→ optimal transport vs . fisher - rao distance between copulas for clustering multivariate time series ; we present a methodology for clustering n objects which are described by multivariate time series , i . e . several sequences of real - valued random variables . this clustering methodology leverages copulas which are distributions encoding the dependence structure between several random variables . to take fully into account the dependence information while clustering , we need a distance between copulas . in this w ←
→ learning the information divergence ; information divergence that measures the difference between two nonnegative matrices or tensors has found its use in a variety of machine learning problems . examples are nonnegative matrix / tensor factorization , stochastic neighbor embedding , topic models , and bayesian network optimization . the success of such a learning task depends heavily on a suitable divergence . a large variety of divergences have been suggested and analyzed , but very few results are available for a ←
→ learning strips operators from noisy and incomplete observations ; agents learning to act autonomously in real - world domains must acquire a model of the dynamics of the domain in which they operate . learning domain dynamics can be challenging , especially where an agent only has partial access to the world state , and / or noisy external sensors . even in standard strips domains , existing approaches cannot learn from noisy , incomplete observations typical of real - world domains . we propose a method which learns s ←
→ artificial intelligence in peer review : how can evolutionary computation support journal editors ? ; with the volume of manuscripts submitted for publication growing every year , the deficiencies of peer review ( e . g . long review times ) are becoming more apparent . editorial strategies , sets of guidelines designed to speed up the process and reduce editors workloads , are treated as trade secrets by publishing houses and are not shared publicly . to improve the effectiveness of their strategies , editors in smal ←
→ sequence mining and pattern analysis in drilling reports with deep natural language processing ; drilling activities in the oil and gas industry have been reported over decades for thousands of wells on a daily basis , yet the analysis of this text at large - scale for information retrieval , sequence mining , and pattern analysis is very challenging . drilling reports contain interpretations written by drillers from noting measurements in downhole sensors and surface equipment , and can be used for operation op ←
→ making sense of word embeddings ; we present a simple yet effective approach for learning word sense embeddings . in contrast to existing techniques , which either directly learn sense representations from corpora or rely on sense inventories from lexical resources , our approach can induce a sense inventory from existing word embeddings via clustering of ego - networks of related words . an integrated wsd mechanism enables labeling of words in context with learned sense vectors , which gives rise to downstream ap ←
→ a latent variable recurrent neural network for discourse relation language models ; this paper presents a novel latent variable recurrent neural network architecture for jointly modeling sequences of words and ( possibly latent ) discourse relations between adjacent sentences . a recurrent neural network generates individual words , thus reaping the benefits of discriminatively - trained vector representations . the discourse relations are represented with a latent variable , which can be predicted or marginalize ←
→ comparisons of wavelet functions in qrs signal to noise ratio enhancement and detection accuracy ; we compare the capability of wavelet functions used for noise removal in preprocessing step of a qrs detection algorithm in the electrocardiogram ( ecg ) signal . the qrs signal to noise ratio enhancement and the detection accuracy of each wavelet function are evaluated using three measures : ( 1 ) the ratio of the maximum beat amplitude to the minimum beat amplitude ( rmm ), ( 2 ) the mean of absolute of time error (←
→ discovering evolutionary stepping stones through behavior domination ; behavior domination is proposed as a tool for understanding and harnessing the power of evolutionary systems to discover and exploit useful stepping stones . novelty search has shown promise in overcoming deception by collecting diverse stepping stones , and several algorithms have been proposed that combine novelty with a more traditional fitness measure to refocus search and help novelty search scale to more complex domains . however , com ←
→ computational baby learning ; intuitive observations show that a baby may inherently possess the capability of recognizing a new visual concept ( e . g ., chair , dog ) by learning from only very few positive instances taught by parent ( s ) or others , and this recognition capability can be gradually further improved by exploring and / or interacting with the real instances in the physical world . inspired by these observations , we propose a computational model for slightly - supervised object detection , based on prior k ←
→ a panorama on multiscale geometric representations , intertwining spatial , directional and frequency selectivity ; the richness of natural images makes the quest for optimal representations in image processing and computer vision challenging . the latter observation has not prevented the design of image representations , which trade off between efficiency and complexity , while achieving accurate rendering of smooth regions as well as reproducing faithful contours and textures . the most recent ones , proposed ←
→ on the computation of paracoherent answer sets ; answer set programming ( asp ) is a well - established formalism for nonmonotonic reasoning . an asp program can have no answer set due to cyclic default negation . in this case , it is not possible to draw any conclusion , even if this is not intended . recently , several paracoherent semantics have been proposed that address this issue , and several potential applications for these semantics have been identified . however , paracoherent semantics have essentially been i ←
→ bandit algorithms for tree search ; bandit based methods for tree search have recently gained popularity when applied to huge trees , e . g . in the game of go ( gelly et al ., 2006 ). the uct algorithm ( kocsis and szepesvari , 2006 ), a tree search method based on upper confidence bounds ( ucb ) ( auer et al ., 2002 ), is believed to adapt locally to the effective smoothness of the tree . however , we show that uct is too `` optimistic '' in some cases , leading to a regret o ( exp ( exp ( d ))) where d is the depth of the tree . we ←
→ novel grey interval weight determining and hybrid grey interval relation method in multiple attribute decision - making ; this paper proposes a grey interval relation topsis for the decision making in which all of the attribute weights and attribute values are given by the interval grey numbers . the feature of our method different from other grey relation decision - making is that all of the subjective and objective weights are obtained by interval grey number and that decisionmaking is performed based on the ←
→ deep survival analysis ; the electronic health record ( ehr ) provides an unprecedented opportunity to build actionable tools to support physicians at the point of care . in this paper , we investigate survival analysis in the context of ehr data . we introduce deep survival analysis , a hierarchical generative approach to survival analysis . it departs from previous approaches in two primary ways : ( 1 ) all observations , including covariates , are modeled jointly conditioned on a rich latent structure ; and ( 2 ) the o ←
→ a step forward in studying the compact genetic algorithm ; the compact genetic algorithm ( cga ) is an estimation of distribution algorithm that generates offspring population according to the estimated probabilistic model of the parent population instead of using traditional recombination and mutation operators . the cga only needs a small amount of memory ; therefore , it may be quite useful in memory - constrained applications . this paper introduces a theoretical framework for studying the cga from the converge ←
→ few - shot learning by exploiting visual concepts within cnns ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are one of the driving forces for the advancement of computer vision . despite their promising performances on many tasks , cnns still face major obstacles on the road to achieving ideal machine intelligence . one is that cnns are complex and hard to interpret . another is that standard cnns require large amounts of annotated data , which is sometimes hard to obtain , and it is desirable to learn to recognize object ←
→ a cascaded convolutional neural network for x - ray low - dose ct image denoising ; image denoising techniques are essential to reducing noise levels and enhancing diagnosis reliability in low - dose computed tomography ( ct ). machine learning based denoising methods have shown great potential in removing the complex and spatial - variant noises in ct images . however , some residue artifacts would appear in the denoised image due to complexity of noises . a cascaded training network was proposed in this work , where ←
→ predicting yelp star reviews based on network structure with deep learning ; in this paper , we tackle the real - world problem of predicting yelp star - review rating based on business features ( such as images , descriptions ), user features ( average previous ratings ), and , of particular interest , network properties ( which businesses has a user rated before ). we compare multiple models on different sets of features -- from simple linear regression on network features only to deep learning models on network and ←
→ relaxed linearized algorithms for faster x - ray ct image reconstruction ; statistical image reconstruction ( sir ) methods are studied extensively for x - ray computed tomography ( ct ) due to the potential of acquiring ct scans with reduced x - ray dose while maintaining image quality . however , the longer reconstruction time of sir methods hinders their use in x - ray ct in practice . to accelerate statistical methods , many optimization techniques have been investigated . over - relaxation is a common technique to speed ←
→ the role of typicality in object classification : improving the generalization capacity of convolutional neural networks ; deep artificial neural networks have made remarkable progress in different tasks in the field of computer vision . however , the empirical analysis of these models and investigation of their failure cases has received attention recently . in this work , we show that deep learning models cannot generalize to atypical images that are substantially different from training images . this is in c ←
→ lloyd - topor completion and general stable models ; we investigate the relationship between the generalization of program completion defined in 1984 by lloyd and topor and the generalization of the stable model semantics introduced recently by ferraris et al . the main theorem can be used to characterize , in some cases , the general stable models of a logic program by a first - order formula . the proof uses truszczynski ' s stable model semantics of infinitary propositional formulas .←
→ tracking direction of human movement - an efficient implementation using skeleton ; sometimes a simple and fast algorithm is required to detect human presence and movement with a low error rate in a controlled environment for security purposes . here a light weight algorithm has been presented that generates alert on detection of human presence and its movement towards a certain direction . the algorithm uses fixed angle cctv camera images taken over time and relies upon skeleton transformation of successiv ←
→ recurrent reinforcement learning : a hybrid approach ; successful applications of reinforcement learning in real - world problems often require dealing with partially observable states . it is in general very challenging to construct and infer hidden states as they often depend on the agent ' s entire interaction history and may require substantial domain knowledge . in this work , we investigate a deep - learning approach to learning the representation of states in partially observable tasks , with minimal prior know ←
→ vector - valued reproducing kernel banach spaces with applications to multi - task learning ; motivated by multi - task machine learning with banach spaces , we propose the notion of vector - valued reproducing kernel banach spaces ( rkbs ). basic properties of the spaces and the associated reproducing kernels are investigated . we also present feature map constructions and several concrete examples of vector - valued rkbs . the theory is then applied to multi - task machine learning . especially , the representer theorem a ←
→ a probabilistic adaptive search system for exploring the face space ; face recall is a basic human cognitive process performed routinely , e . g ., when meeting someone and determining if we have met that person before . assisting a subject during face recall by suggesting candidate faces can be challenging . one of the reasons is that the search space - the face space - is quite large and lacks structure . a commercial application of face recall is facial composite systems - such as identikit , photofit , and cd - fi ←
→ differential search algorithm - based parametric optimization of fuzzy generalized eigenvalue proximal support vector machine ; support vector machine ( svm ) is an effective model for many classification problems . however , svm needs the solution of a quadratic program which require specialized code . in addition , svm has many parameters , which affects the performance of svm classifier . recently , the generalized eigenvalue proximal svm ( gepsvm ) has been presented to solve the svm complexity . in real world appl ←
→ outlier detection from network data with subnetwork interpretation ; detecting a small number of outliers from a set of data observations is always challenging . this problem is more difficult in the setting of multiple network samples , where computing the anomalous degree of a network sample is generally not sufficient . in fact , explaining why the network is exceptional , expressed in the form of subnetwork , is also equally important . in this paper , we develop a novel algorithm to address these two key probl ←
→ high density noise removal by cascading algorithms ; an advanced non - linear cascading filter algorithm for the removal of high density salt and pepper noise from the digital images is proposed . the proposed method consists of two stages . the first stage decision base median filter ( dmf ) acts as the preliminary noise removal algorithm . the second stage is either modified decision base partial trimmed global mean filter ( mdbptgmf ) or modified decision based unsymmetric trimmed median filter ( mdbutmf ) which is ←
→ reward maximization under uncertainty : leveraging side - observations on networks ; we study the stochastic multi - armed bandit ( mab ) problem in the presence of side - observations across actions that occur as a result of an underlying network structure . in our model , a bipartite graph captures the relationship between actions and a common set of unknowns such that choosing an action reveals observations for the unknowns that it is connected to . this models a common scenario in online social networks where use ←
→ deepvo : a deep learning approach for monocular visual odometry ; deep learning based techniques have been adopted with precision to solve a lot of standard computer vision problems , some of which are image classification , object detection and segmentation . despite the widespread success of these approaches , they have not yet been exploited largely for solving the standard perception related problems encountered in autonomous navigation such as visual odometry ( vo ), structure from motion ( sfm ) and simultaneo ←
→ simultaneous policy learning and latent state inference for imitating driver behavior ; in this work , we propose a method for learning driver models that account for variables that cannot be observed directly . when trained on a synthetic dataset , our models are able to learn encodings for vehicle trajectories that distinguish between four distinct classes of driver behavior . such encodings are learned without any knowledge of the number of driver classes or any objective that directly requires the models ←
→ a controller - recognizer framework : how necessary is recognition for control ? ; recently there has been growing interest in building active visual object recognizers , as opposed to the usual passive recognizers which classifies a given static image into a predefined set of object categories . in this paper we propose to generalize these recently proposed end - to - end active visual recognizers into a controller - recognizer framework . a model in the controller - recognizer framework consists of a controller , which ←
→ asymptotic efficiency of deterministic estimators for discrete energy - based models : ratio matching and pseudolikelihood ; standard maximum likelihood estimation cannot be applied to discrete energy - based models in the general case because the computation of exact model probabilities is intractable . recent research has seen the proposal of several new estimators designed specifically to overcome this intractability , but virtually nothing is known about their theoretical properties . in this paper , we presen ←
→ smooth and sparse optimal transport ; entropic regularization is quickly emerging as a new standard in optimal transport ( ot ). it enables to cast the ot computation as a differentiable and unconstrained convex optimization problem , which can be efficiently solved using the sinkhorn algorithm . however , entropy keeps the transportation plan strictly positive and therefore completely dense , unlike unregularized ot . this lack of sparsity can be problematic in applications where the transportation plan itself is ←
→ autocalibration with the minimum number of cameras with known pixel shape ; in 3d reconstruction , the recovery of the calibration parameters of the cameras is paramount since it provides metric information about the observed scene , e . g ., measures of angles and ratios of distances . autocalibration enables the estimation of the camera parameters without using a calibration device , but by enforcing simple constraints on the camera parameters . in the absence of information about the internal camera parameters ←
→ learning to play with intrinsically - motivated self - aware agents ; infants are experts at playing , with an amazing ability to generate novel structured behaviors in unstructured environments that lack clear extrinsic reward signals . we seek to mathematically formalize these abilities using a neural network that implements curiosity - driven intrinsic motivation . using a simple but ecologically naturalistic simulated environment in which an agent can move and interact with objects it sees , we propose a " world - m ←
→ leveraging billions of faces to overcome performance barriers in unconstrained face recognition ; we employ the face recognition technology developed in house at face . com to a well accepted benchmark and show that without any tuning we are able to considerably surpass state of the art results . much of the improvement is concentrated in the high - valued performance point of zero false positive matches , where the obtained recall rate almost doubles the best reported result to date . we discuss the various com ←
→ a short survey on data clustering algorithms ; with rapidly increasing data , clustering algorithms are important tools for data analytics in modern research . they have been successfully applied to a wide range of domains ; for instance , bioinformatics , speech recognition , and financial analysis . formally speaking , given a set of data instances , a clustering algorithm is expected to divide the set of data instances into the subsets which maximize the intra - subset similarity and inter - subset dissimilarity , whe ←
→ a toolkit for a generative lexicon ; in this paper we describe the conception of a software toolkit designed for the construction , maintenance and collaborative use of a generative lexicon . in order to ease its portability and spreading use , this tool was built with free and open source products . we eventually tested the toolkit and showed it filters the adequate form of anaphoric reference to the modifier in endocentric compounds .←
→ computational mapping of the ground reflectivity with laser scanners ; in this investigation we focus on the problem of mapping the ground reflectivity with multiple laser scanners mounted on mobile robots / vehicles . the problem originates because regions of the ground become populated with a varying number of reflectivity measurements whose value depends on the observer and its corresponding perspective . here , we propose a novel automatic , data - driven computational mapping framework specifically aimed at pr ←
→ toward the starting line : a systems engineering approach to strong ai ; artificial general intelligence ( agi ) or strong ai aims to create machines with human - like or human - level intelligence , which is still a very ambitious goal when compared to the existing computing and ai systems . after many hype cycles and lessons from ai history , it is clear that a big conceptual leap is needed for crossing the starting line to kick - start mainstream agi research . this position paper aims to make a small conceptual cont ←
→ towards holistic scene understanding : feedback enabled cascaded classification models ; scene understanding includes many related sub - tasks , such as scene categorization , depth estimation , object detection , etc . each of these sub - tasks is often notoriously hard , and state - of - the - art classifiers already exist for many of them . these classifiers operate on the same raw image and provide correlated outputs . it is desirable to have an algorithm that can capture such correlation without requiring any changes t ←
→ p - trac procedure : the dispersion and neutralization of contrasts in lexicon ; cognitive acoustic cues have an important role in shaping the phonological structure of language as a means to optimal communication . in this paper we introduced p - trac procedure in order to track dispersion of contrasts in different contexts in lexicon . the results of applying p - trac procedure to the case of dispersion of contrasts in pre - consonantal contexts and in consonantal positions of cvcc sequences in persian provide ev ←
→ the singularity may be near ; toby walsh in ' the singularity may never be near ' gives six arguments to support his point of view that technological singularity may happen but that it is unlikely . in this paper , we provide analysis of each one of his arguments and arrive at similar conclusions , but with more weight given to the ' likely to happen ' probability .←
→ learning to learn neural networks ; meta - learning consists in learning learning algorithms . we use a long short term memory ( lstm ) based network to learn to compute on - line updates of the parameters of another neural network . these parameters are stored in the cell state of the lstm . our framework allows to compare learned algorithms to hand - made algorithms within the traditional train and test methodology . in an experiment , we learn a learning algorithm for a one - hidden layer multi - layer perceptron ( mlp ) o ←
→ semantic - enriched visual vocabulary construction in a weakly supervised context ; one of the prevalent learning tasks involving images is content - based image classification . this is a difficult task especially because the low - level features used to digitally describe images usually capture little information about the semantics of the images . in this paper , we tackle this difficulty by enriching the semantic content of the image representation by using external knowledge . the underlying hypothesis of our ←
→ transa : an adaptive approach for knowledge graph embedding ; knowledge representation is a major topic in ai , and many studies attempt to represent entities and relations of knowledge base in a continuous vector space . among these attempts , translation - based methods build entity and relation vectors by minimizing the translation loss from a head entity to a tail one . in spite of the success of these methods , translation - based methods also suffer from the oversimplified loss metric , and are not competitive e ←
→ object - scene convolutional neural networks for event recognition in images ; event recognition from still images is of great importance for image understanding . however , compared with event recognition in videos , there are much fewer research works on event recognition in images . this paper addresses the issue of event recognition from images and proposes an effective method with deep neural networks . specifically , we design a new architecture , called object - scene convolutional neural network ( os - cnn ). th ←
→ real - time alert correlation with type graphs ; the premise of automated alert correlation is to accept that false alerts from a low level intrusion detection system are inevitable and use attack models to explain the output in an understandable way . several algorithms exist for this purpose which use attack graphs to model the ways in which attacks can be combined . these algorithms can be classified in to two broad categories namely scenario - graph approaches , which create an attack model starting from a vul ←
→ a new semantic theory of natural language ; formal semantics and distributional semantics are two important semantic frameworks in natural language processing ( nlp ). cognitive semantics belongs to the movement of cognitive linguistics , which is based on contemporary cognitive science . each framework could deal with some meaning phenomena , but none of them fulfills all requirements proposed by applications . a unified semantic theory characterizing all important language phenomena has both theoretical and pra ←
→ learning policies for contextual submodular prediction ; many prediction domains , such as ad placement , recommendation , trajectory prediction , and document summarization , require predicting a set or list of options . such lists are often evaluated using submodular reward functions that measure both quality and diversity . we propose a simple , efficient , and provably near - optimal approach to optimizing such prediction problems based on no - regret learning . our method leverages a surprising result from online su ←
→ vector field k - means : clustering trajectories by fitting multiple vector fields ; scientists study trajectory data to understand trends in movement patterns , such as human mobility for traffic analysis and urban planning . there is a pressing need for scalable and efficient techniques for analyzing this data and discovering the underlying patterns . in this paper , we introduce a novel technique which we call vector - field $ k $- means . the central idea of our approach is to use vector fields to induce a simil ←
→ end - to - end video classification with knowledge graphs ; video understanding has attracted much research attention especially since the recent availability of large - scale video benchmarks . in this paper , we address the problem of multi - label video classification . we first observe that there exists a significant knowledge gap between how machines and humans learn . that is , while current machine learning approaches including deep neural networks largely focus on the representations of the given data , humans of ←
→ optimal route planning with prioritized task scheduling for auv missions ; this paper presents a solution to autonomous underwater vehicles ( auvs ) large scale route planning and task assignment joint problem . given a set of constraints ( e . g ., time ) and a set of task priority values , the goal is to find the optimal route for underwater mission that maximizes the sum of the priorities and minimizes the total risk percentage while meeting the given constraints . making use of the heuristic nature of genetic and ←
→ anusaaraka : overcoming the language barrier in india ; the anusaaraka system makes text in one indian language accessible in another indian language . in the anusaaraka approach , the load is so divided between man and computer that the language load is taken by the machine , and the interpretation of the text is left to the man . the machine presents an image of the source text in a language close to the target language . in the image , some constructions of the source language ( which do not have equivalents ) spi ←
→ deriving verb predicates by clustering verbs with arguments ; hand - built verb clusters such as the widely used levin classes ( levin , 1993 ) have proved useful , but have limited coverage . verb classes automatically induced from corpus data such as those from verbkb ( wijaya , 2016 ), on the other hand , can give clusters with much larger coverage , and can be adapted to specific corpora such as twitter . we present a method for clustering the outputs of verbkb : verbs with their multiple argument types , e . g . " marry (←
→ question answering with subgraph embeddings ; this paper presents a system which learns to answer questions on a broad range of topics from a knowledge base using few hand - crafted features . our model learns low - dimensional embeddings of words and knowledge base constituents ; these representations are used to score natural language questions against candidate answers . training our system using pairs of questions and structured representations of their answers , and pairs of question paraphrases , yields compet ←
→ learning aggregated transmission propagation networks for haze removal and beyond ; single image dehazing is an important low - level vision task with many applications . early researches have investigated different kinds of visual priors to address this problem . however , they may fail when their assumptions are not valid on specific images . recent deep networks also achieve relatively good performance in this task . but unfortunately , due to the disappreciation of rich physical rules in hazes , large amounts ←
→ virtual screening with support vector machines and structure kernels ; support vector machines and kernel methods have recently gained considerable attention in chemoinformatics . they offer generally good performance for problems of supervised classification or regression , and provide a flexible and computationally efficient framework to include relevant information and prior knowledge about the data and problems to be handled . in particular , with kernel methods molecules do not need to be represented and s ←
→ a matter of opinion : sentiment analysis and business intelligence ( position paper ) ; a general - audience introduction to the area of " sentiment analysis ", the computational treatment of subjective , opinion - oriented language ( an example application is determining whether a review is " thumbs up " or " thumbs down "). some challenges , applications to business - intelligence tasks , and potential future directions are described .←
→ plan , attend , generate : planning for sequence - to - sequence models ; we investigate the integration of a planning mechanism into sequence - to - sequence models using attention . we develop a model which can plan ahead in the future when it computes its alignments between input and output sequences , constructing a matrix of proposed future alignments and a commitment vector that governs whether to follow or recompute the plan . this mechanism is inspired by the recently proposed strategic attentive reader and write ←
→ multilayered model of speech ; human speech is the most important part of general artificial intelligence and subject of much research . the hypothesis proposed in this article provides explanation of difficulties that modern science tackles in the field of human brain simulation . the hypothesis is based on the author ' s conviction that the brain of any given person has different ability to process and store information . therefore , the approaches that are currently used to create general artificial intelligen ←
→ npcs vote ! changing voter reactions over time using the extreme ai personality engine ; can non - player characters have human - realistic personalities , changing over time depending on input from those around them ? and can they have different reactions and thoughts about different people ? using extreme ai , a psychology - based personality engine using the five factor model of personality , i answer these questions by creating personalities for 100 voters and allowing them to react to two politicians to see if t ←
→ column normalization of a random measurement matrix ; in this note we answer a question of g . lecu \'{ e }, by showing that column normalization of a random matrix with iid entries need not lead to good sparse recovery properties , even if the generating random variable has a reasonable moment growth . specifically , for every $ 2 \ leq p \ leq c_1 \ log d $ we construct a random vector $ x \ in r ^ d $ with iid , mean - zero , variance $ 1 $ coordinates , that satisfies $\ sup_ { t \ in s ^{ d - 1 }} \|< x , t >\| _ { l_q } \ leq c_2 \ sqrt { q }$ for ←
→ detecting rainfall onset using sky images ; ground - based sky cameras ( popularly known as whole sky imagers ) are increasingly used now - a - days for continuous monitoring of the atmosphere . these imagers have higher temporal and spatial resolutions compared to conventional satellite images . in this paper , we use ground - based sky cameras to detect the onset of rainfall . these images contain additional information about cloud coverage and movement and are therefore useful for accurate rainfall nowcast . we validat ←
→ generic object detection with dense neural patterns and regionlets ; this paper addresses the challenge of establishing a bridge between deep convolutional neural networks and conventional object detection frameworks for accurate and efficient generic object detection . we introduce dense neural patterns , short for dnps , which are dense local features derived from discriminatively trained deep convolutional neural networks . dnps can be easily plugged into conventional detection frameworks in the same way as ←
→ linguistics and some aspects of its underlying dynamics ; in recent years , central components of a new approach to linguistics , the minimalist program ( mp ) have come closer to physics . features of the minimalist program , such as the unconstrained nature of recursive merge , the operation of the labeling algorithm that only operates at the interface of narrow syntax with the conceptual - intentional and the sensory - motor interfaces , the difference between pronounced and un - pronounced copies of elements in a sen ←
→ an extension to hough transform based on gradient orientation ; the hough transform is one of the most common methods for line detection . in this paper we propose a novel extension of the regular hough transform . the proposed extension combines the extension of the accumulator space and the local gradient orientation resulting in clutter reduction and yielding more prominent peaks , thus enabling better line identification . we demonstrate benefits in applications such as visual quality inspection and rectang ←
→ kickstarting deep reinforcement learning ; we present a method for using previously - trained ' teacher ' agents to kickstart the training of a new ' student ' agent . to this end , we leverage ideas from policy distillation and population based training . our method places no constraints on the architecture of the teacher or student agents , and it regulates itself to allow the students to surpass their teachers in performance . we show that , on a challenging and computationally - intensive multi - task benchmark ( dmlab -←
→ manopt , a matlab toolbox for optimization on manifolds ; optimization on manifolds is a rapidly developing branch of nonlinear optimization . its focus is on problems where the smooth geometry of the search space can be leveraged to design efficient numerical algorithms . in particular , optimization on manifolds is well - suited to deal with rank and orthogonality constraints . such structured constraints appear pervasively in machine learning applications , including low - rank matrix completion , sensor network lo ←
→ item recommendation with continuous experience evolution of users using brownian motion ; online review communities are dynamic as users join and leave , adopt new vocabulary , and adapt to evolving trends . recent work has shown that recommender systems benefit from explicit consideration of user experience . however , prior work assumes a fixed number of discrete experience levels , whereas in reality users gain experience and mature continuously over time . this paper presents a new model that captures the co ←
→ why are images smooth ? ; it is a well observed phenomenon that natural images are smooth , in the sense that nearby pixels tend to have similar values . we describe a mathematical model of images that makes no assumptions on the nature of the environment that images depict . it only assumes that images can be taken at different scales ( zoom levels ). we provide quantitative bounds on the smoothness of a typical image in our model , as a function of the number of available scales . these bounds can serve as a base ←
→ stochastic backpropagation and approximate inference in deep generative models ; we marry ideas from deep neural networks and approximate bayesian inference to derive a generalised class of deep , directed generative models , endowed with a new algorithm for scalable inference and learning . our algorithm introduces a recognition model to represent approximate posterior distributions , and that acts as a stochastic encoder of the data . we develop stochastic back - propagation -- rules for back - propagation throu ←
→ combining symmetry breaking and global constraints ; we propose a new family of constraints which combine together lexicographical ordering constraints for symmetry breaking with other common global constraints . we give a general purpose propagator for this family of constraints , and show how to improve its complexity by exploiting properties of the included global constraints .←
→ tv - gan : generative adversarial network based thermal to visible face recognition ; this work tackles the face recognition task on images captured using thermal camera sensors which can operate in the non - light environment . while it can greatly increase the scope and benefits of the current security surveillance systems , performing such a task using thermal images is a challenging problem compared to face recognition task in the visible light domain ( vld ). this is partly due to the much smaller amount numb ←
→ modeling complex higher order patterns ; the goal of this paper is to show that generalizing the notion of frequent patterns can be useful in extending association analysis to more complex higher order patterns . to that end , we describe a general framework for modeling a complex pattern based on evaluating the interestingness of its sub - patterns . a key goal of any framework is to allow people to more easily express , explore , and communicate ideas , and hence , we illustrate how our framework can be used to de ←
→ adaptive lambda least - squares temporal difference learning ; temporal difference learning or td ($\ lambda $) is a fundamental algorithm in the field of reinforcement learning . however , setting td ' s $\ lambda $ parameter , which controls the timescale of td updates , is generally left up to the practitioner . we formalize the $\ lambda $ selection problem as a bias - variance trade - off where the solution is the value of $\ lambda $ that leads to the smallest mean squared value error ( msve ). to solve this trade - off we sug ←
→ an experimental analysis of the echo state network initialization using the particle swarm optimization ; this article introduces a robust hybrid method for solving supervised learning tasks , which uses the echo state network ( esn ) model and the particle swarm optimization ( pso ) algorithm . an esn is a recurrent neural network with the hidden - hidden weights fixed in the learning process . the recurrent part of the network stores the input information in internal states of the network . another structure form ←
→ an unsupervised approach for mapping between vector spaces ; we present a language independent , unsupervised approach for transforming word embeddings from source language to target language using a transformation matrix . our model handles the problem of data scarcity which is faced by many languages in the world and yields improved word embeddings for words in the target language by relying on transformed embeddings of words of the source language . we initially evaluate our approach via word similarity tas ←
→ deep steering : learning end - to - end driving model from spatial and temporal visual cues ; in recent years , autonomous driving algorithms using low - cost vehicle - mounted cameras have attracted increasing endeavors from both academia and industry . there are multiple fronts to these endeavors , including object detection on roads , 3 - d reconstruction etc ., but in this work we focus on a vision - based model that directly maps raw input images to steering angles using deep networks . this represents a nascent resear ←
→ estimating the unseen from multiple populations ; given samples from a distribution , how many new elements should we expect to find if we continue sampling this distribution ? this is an important and actively studied problem , with many applications ranging from unseen species estimation to genomics . we generalize this extrapolation and related unseen estimation problems to the multiple population setting , where population $ j $ has an unknown distribution $ d_j $ from which we observe $ n_j $ samples . we derive a ←
→ fixed - point algorithms for learning determinantal point processes ; determinantal point processes ( dpps ) offer an elegant tool for encoding probabilities over subsets of a ground set . discrete dpps are parametrized by a positive semidefinite matrix ( called the dpp kernel ), and estimating this kernel is key to learning dpps from observed data . we consider the task of learning the dpp kernel , and develop for it a surprisingly simple yet effective new algorithm . our algorithm offers the following benefits over ←
→ learning a multi - view stereo machine ; we present a learnt system for multi - view stereopsis . in contrast to recent learning based methods for 3d reconstruction , we leverage the underlying 3d geometry of the problem through feature projection and unprojection along viewing rays . by formulating these operations in a differentiable manner , we are able to learn the system end - to - end for the task of metric 3d reconstruction . end - to - end learning allows us to jointly reason about shape priors while conforming geom ←
→ multi - task learning for continuous control ; reliable and effective multi - task learning is a prerequisite for the development of robotic agents that can quickly learn to accomplish related , everyday tasks . however , in the reinforcement learning domain , multi - task learning has not exhibited the same level of success as in other domains , such as computer vision . in addition , most reinforcement learning research on multi - task learning has been focused on discrete action spaces , which are not used for robotic c ←
→ sparse multidimensional patient modeling using auxiliary confidence labels ; in this work , we focus on the problem of learning a classification model that performs inference on patient electronic health records ( ehrs ). often , a large amount of costly expert supervision is required to learn such a model . to reduce this cost , we obtain confidence labels that indicate how sure an expert is in the class labels she provides . if meaningful confidence information can be incorporated into a learning method , fewer ←
→ application of freeman chain codes : an alternative recognition technique for malaysian car plates ; various applications of car plate recognition systems have been developed using various kinds of methods and techniques by researchers all over the world . the applications developed were only suitable for specific country due to its standard specification endorsed by the transport department of particular countries . the road transport department of malaysia also has endorsed a specification for car plates t ←
→ video in sentences out ; we present a system that produces sentential descriptions of video : who did what to whom , and where and how they did it . action class is rendered as a verb , participant objects as noun phrases , properties of those objects as adjectival modifiers in those noun phrases , spatial relations between those participants as prepositional phrases , and characteristics of the event as prepositional - phrase adjuncts and adverbial modifiers . extracting the information needed to render these lingui ←
→ vhpop : versatile heuristic partial order planner ; vhpop is a partial order causal link ( pocl ) planner loosely based on ucpop . it draws from the experience gained in the early to mid 1990 ' s on flaw selection strategies for pocl planning , and combines this with more recent developments in the field of domain independent planning such as distance based heuristics and reachability analysis . we present an adaptation of the additive heuristic for plan space planning , and modify it to account for possible reuse o ←
→ dependency recurrent neural language models for sentence completion ; recent work on language modelling has shifted focus from count - based models to neural models . in these works , the words in each sentence are always considered in a left - to - right order . in this paper we show how we can improve the performance of the recurrent neural network ( rnn ) language model by incorporating the syntactic dependencies of a sentence , which have the effect of bringing relevant contexts closer to the word being predicted . ←
→ non - gaussian random generators in bacteria foraging algorithm for multiobjective optimization ; random generators or stochastic engines are a key component in the structure of metaheuristic algorithms . this work investigates the effects of non - gaussian stochastic engines on the performance of metaheuristics when solving a real - world optimization problem . in this work , the bacteria foraging algorithm ( bfa ) was employed in tandem with four random generators ( stochastic engines ). the stochastic engines opera ←
→ multi - way , multi - view learning ; we extend multi - way , multivariate anova - type analysis to cases where one covariate is the view , with features of each view coming from different , high - dimensional domains . the different views are assumed to be connected by having paired samples ; this is a common setup in recent bioinformatics experiments , of which we analyze metabolite profiles in different conditions ( disease vs . control and treatment vs . untreated ) in different tissues ( views ). we introduce a multi - way lat ←
→ variance reduced stochastic gradient descent with neighbors ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is a workhorse in machine learning , yet its slow convergence can be a computational bottleneck . variance reduction techniques such as sag , svrg and saga have been proposed to overcome this weakness , achieving linear convergence . however , these methods are either based on computations of full gradients at pivot points , or on keeping per data point corrections in memory . therefore speed - ups relative to sgd may need ←
→ an efficient deep learning hashing neural network for mobile visual search ; mobile visual search applications are emerging that enable users to sense their surroundings with smart phones . however , because of the particular challenges of mobile visual search , achieving a high recognition bitrate has becomes a consistent target of previous related works . in this paper , we propose a few - parameter , low - latency , and high - accuracy deep hashing approach for constructing binary hash codes for mobile visual searc ←
→ a predictive model using the markov property ; given a data set of numerical values which are sampled from some unknown probability distribution , we will show how to check if the data set exhibits the markov property and we will show how to use the markov property to predict future values from the same distribution , with probability 1 .←
→ selective magic hpsg parsing ; we propose a parser for constraint - logic grammars implementing hpsg that combines the advantages of dynamic bottom - up and advanced top - down control . the parser allows the user to apply magic compilation to specific constraints in a grammar which as a result can be processed dynamically in a bottom - up and goal - directed fashion . state of the art top - down processing techniques are used to deal with the remaining constraints . we discuss various aspects concerning the implementatio ←
→ synaptic scaling balances learning in a spiking model of neocortex ; learning in the brain requires complementary mechanisms : potentiation and activity - dependent homeostatic scaling . we introduce synaptic scaling to a biologically - realistic spiking model of neocortex which can learn changes in oscillatory rhythms using stdp , and show that scaling is necessary to balance both positive and negative changes in input from potentiation and atrophy . we discuss some of the issues that arise when considering synapt ←
→ evaluation of ytex and metamap for clinical concept recognition ; we used metamap and ytex as a basis for the construc - tion of two separate systems to participate in the 2013 share / clef ehealth task 1 [ 9 ], the recognition of clinical concepts . no modifications were directly made to these systems , but output concepts were filtered using stop concepts , stop concept text and umls semantic type . con - cept boundaries were also adjusted using a small collection of rules to increase precision on the strict task . o ←
→ adaptive investment strategies for periodic environments ; in this paper , we present an adaptive investment strategy for environments with periodic returns on investment . in our approach , we consider an investment model where the agent decides at every time step the proportion of wealth to invest in a risky asset , keeping the rest of the budget in a risk - free asset . every investment is evaluated in the market via a stylized return on investment function ( roi ), which is modeled by a stochastic process with u ←
→ validation of nonlinear pca ; linear principal component analysis ( pca ) can be extended to a nonlinear pca by using artificial neural networks . but the benefit of curved components requires a careful control of the model complexity . moreover , standard techniques for model selection , including cross - validation and more generally the use of an independent test set , fail when applied to nonlinear pca because of its inherent unsupervised characteristics . this paper presents a new approach for validating the com ←
→ boosted multiple kernel learning for first - person activity recognition ; activity recognition from first - person ( ego - centric ) videos has recently gained attention due to the increasing ubiquity of the wearable cameras . there has been a surge of efforts adapting existing feature descriptors and designing new descriptors for the first - person videos . an effective activity recognition system requires selection and use of complementary features and appropriate kernels for each feature . in this study , we propose ←
→ task loss estimation for sequence prediction ; often , the performance on a supervised machine learning task is evaluated with a emph { task loss } function that cannot be optimized directly . examples of such loss functions include the classification error , the edit distance and the bleu score . a common workaround for this problem is to instead optimize a emph { surrogate loss } function , such as for instance cross - entropy or hinge loss . in order for this remedy to be effective , it is important to ensure that mini ←
→ facebots : steps towards enhanced long - term human - robot interaction by utilizing and publishing online social information ; our project aims at supporting the creation of sustainable and meaningful longer - term human - robot relationships through the creation of embodied robots with face recognition and natural language dialogue capabilities , which exploit and publish social information available on the web ( facebook ). our main underlying experimental hypothesis is that such relationships can be significantly ←
→ practical issues of action - conditioned next image prediction ; the problem of action - conditioned image prediction is to predict the expected next frame given the current camera frame the robot observes and an action selected by the robot . we provide the first comparison of two recent popular models , especially for image prediction on cars . our major finding is that action tiling encoding is the most important factor leading to the remarkable performance of the cdna model . we present a light - weight model by ←
→ sparsity based poisson denoising with dictionary learning ; the problem of poisson denoising appears in various imaging applications , such as low - light photography , medical imaging and microscopy . in cases of high snr , several transformations exist so as to convert the poisson noise into an additive i . i . d . gaussian noise , for which many effective algorithms are available . however , in a low snr regime , these transformations are significantly less accurate , and a strategy that relies directly on the true nois ←
→ understanding deep architectures using a recursive convolutional network ; a key challenge in designing convolutional network models is sizing them appropriately . many factors are involved in these decisions , including number of layers , feature maps , kernel sizes , etc . complicating this further is the fact that each of these influence not only the numbers and dimensions of the activation units , but also the total number of parameters . in this paper we focus on assessing the independent contributions of thre ←
→ s - isomap ++: multi manifold learning from streaming data ; manifold learning based methods have been widely used for non - linear dimensionality reduction ( nldr ). however , in many practical settings , the need to process streaming data is a challenge for such methods , owing to the high computational complexity involved . moreover , most methods operate under the assumption that the input data is sampled from a single manifold , embedded in a high dimensional space . we propose a method for streaming nldr when the o ←
→ implementation of a language driven backpropagation algorithm ; inspired by the importance of both communication and feedback on errors in human learning , our main goal was to implement a similar mechanism in supervised learning of artificial neural networks . the starting point in our study was the observation that words should accompany the input vectors included in the training set , thus extending the ann input space . this had as consequence the necessity to take into consideration a modified sigmoid acti ←
→ spp - net : deep absolute pose regression with synthetic views ; image based localization is one of the important problems in computer vision due to its wide applicability in robotics , augmented reality , and autonomous systems . there is a rich set of methods described in the literature how to geometrically register a 2d image w . r . t .\ a 3d model . recently , methods based on deep ( and convolutional ) feedforward networks ( cnns ) became popular for pose regression . however , these cnn - based methods are still less acc ←
→ adversarial perturbation intensity achieving chosen intra - technique transferability level for logistic regression ; machine learning models have been shown to be vulnerable to adversarial examples , ie . the manipulation of data by a attacker to defeat a defender ' s classifier at test time . we present a novel probabilistic definition of adversarial examples in perfect or limited knowledge setting using prior probability distributions on the defender ' s classifier . using the asymptotic properties of the logist ←
→ real - time distracted driver posture classification ; distracted driving is a worldwide problem leading to an astoundingly increasing number of accidents and deaths . existing work is concerned with a very small set of distractions ( mostly , cell phone usage ). also , for the most part , it uses unreliable ad - hoc methods to detect those distractions . in this paper , we present the first publicly available dataset for " distracted driver " posture estimation with more distraction postures than existing alternatives . ←
→ interactively transferring cnn patterns for part localization ; in the scenario of one / multi - shot learning , conventional end - to - end learning strategies without sufficient supervision are usually not powerful enough to learn correct patterns from noisy signals . thus , given a cnn pre - trained for object classification , this paper proposes a method that first summarizes the knowledge hidden inside the cnn into a dictionary of latent activation patterns , and then builds a new model for part localization by manua ←
→ relocalization , global optimization and map merging for monocular visual - inertial slam ; the monocular visual - inertial system ( vins ), which consists one camera and one low - cost inertial measurement unit ( imu ), is a popular approach to achieve accurate 6 - dof state estimation . however , such locally accurate visual - inertial odometry is prone to drift and cannot provide absolute pose estimation . leveraging history information to relocalize and correct drift has become a hot topic . in this paper , we propose a ←
→ macro - ff : improving ai planning with automatically learned macro - operators ; despite recent progress in ai planning , many benchmarks remain challenging for current planners . in many domains , the performance of a planner can greatly be improved by discovering and exploiting information about the domain structure that is not explicitly encoded in the initial pddl formulation . in this paper we present and compare two automated methods that learn relevant information from previous experience in a domain and u ←
→ house price prediction using lstm ; in this paper , we use the house price data ranging from january 2004 to october 2016 to predict the average house price of november and december in 2016 for each district in beijing , shanghai , guangzhou and shenzhen . we apply autoregressive integrated moving average model to generate the baseline while lstm networks to build prediction model . these algorithms are compared in terms of mean squared error . the result shows that the lstm model has excellent properties with re ←
→ online learning under delayed feedback ; online learning with delayed feedback has received increasing attention recently due to its several applications in distributed , web - based learning problems . in this paper we provide a systematic study of the topic , and analyze the effect of delay on the regret of online learning algorithms . somewhat surprisingly , it turns out that delay increases the regret in a multiplicative way in adversarial problems , and in an additive way in stochastic problems . we give meta - a ←
→ sentibubbles : topic modeling and sentiment visualization of entity - centric tweets ; social media users tend to mention entities when reacting to news events . the main purpose of this work is to create entity - centric aggregations of tweets on a daily basis . by applying topic modeling and sentiment analysis , we create data visualization insights about current events and people reactions to those events from an entity - centric perspective .←
→ true global optimality of the pressure vessel design problem : a benchmark for bio - inspired optimisation algorithms ; the pressure vessel design problem is a well - known design benchmark for validating bio - inspired optimization algorithms . however , its global optimality is not clear and there has been no mathematical proof put forward . in this paper , a detailed mathematical analysis of this problem is provided that proves that 6059 . 714335048436 is the global minimum . the lagrange multiplier method is also u ←
→ online adaptive statistical compressed sensing of gaussian mixture models ; a framework of online adaptive statistical compressed sensing is introduced for signals following a mixture model . the scheme first uses non - adaptive measurements , from which an online decoding scheme estimates the model selection . as soon as a candidate model has been selected , an optimal sensing scheme for the selected model continues to apply . the final signal reconstruction is calculated from the ensemble of both the non - adapt ←
→ a survey of deep learning techniques for mobile robot applications ; advancements in deep learning over the years have attracted research into how deep artificial neural networks can be used in robotic systems . this research survey will present a summarization of the current research with a specific focus on the gains and obstacles for deep learning to be applied to mobile robotics .←
→ how to realize " a sense of humour " in computers ? ; computer model of a " sense of humour " suggested previously [ arxiv : 0711 . 2058 , 0711 . 2061 , 0711 . 2270 ] is raised to the level of a realistic algorithm .←
→ motàmot project : conversion of a french - khmer published dictionary for building a multilingual lexical system ; economic issues related to the information processing techniques are very important . the development of such technologies is a major asset for developing countries like cambodia and laos , and emerging ones like vietnam , malaysia and thailand . the motamot project aims to computerize an under - resourced language : khmer , spoken mainly in cambodia . the main goal of the project is the development of a ←
→ multi - label annotation aggregation in crowdsourcing ; as a means of human - based computation , crowdsourcing has been widely used to annotate large - scale unlabeled datasets . one of the obvious challenges is how to aggregate these possibly noisy labels provided by a set of heterogeneous annotators . another challenge stems from the difficulty in evaluating the annotator reliability without even knowing the ground truth , which can be used to build incentive mechanisms in crowdsourcing platforms . when each instan ←
→ best arm identification for contaminated bandits ; we propose the contaminated best arm identification variant of the multi - armed bandit problem , in which every arm pull has some probability $\ varepsilon $ of generating a sample from an arbitrary \ emph { contamination } distribution instead of the \ emph { true } underlying distribution . we would still like to guarantee that we can identify the best ( or approximately best ) true distribution with high probability , as well as provide guarantees on how good that arm ' s ←
→ gray level image enhancement using the bernstein polynomials ; this paper presents a method for enhancing the gray level images . this presented method takes part from the category of point operations and it is based on piecewise linear functions . the interpolation nodes of these functions are calculated using the bernstein polynomials .←
→ guaranteed matrix completion via non - convex factorization ; matrix factorization is a popular approach for large - scale matrix completion . the optimization formulation based on matrix factorization can be solved very efficiently by standard algorithms in practice . however , due to the non - convexity caused by the factorization model , there is a limited theoretical understanding of this formulation . in this paper , we establish a theoretical guarantee for the factorization formulation to correctly recover the un ←
→ analysis of $ p $- laplacian regularization in semi - supervised learning ; we investigate a family of regression problems in a semi - supervised setting . the task is to assign real - valued labels to a set of $ n $ sample points , provided a small training subset of $ n $ labeled points . a goal of semi - supervised learning is to take advantage of the ( geometric ) structure provided by the large number of unlabeled data when assigning labels . we consider random geometric graphs , with connection radius $\ epsilon ( n )$, to rep ←
→ deepdeath : learning to predict the underlying cause of death with big data ; multiple cause - of - death data provides a valuable source of information that can be used to enhance health standards by predicting health related trajectories in societies with large populations . these data are often available in large quantities across u . s . states and require big data techniques to uncover complex hidden patterns . we design two different classes of models suitable for large - scale analysis of mortality data , a had ←
→ a joint model for question answering and question generation ; we propose a generative machine comprehension model that learns jointly to ask and answer questions based on documents . the proposed model uses a sequence - to - sequence framework that encodes the document and generates a question ( answer ) given an answer ( question ). significant improvement in model performance is observed empirically on the squad corpus , confirming our hypothesis that the model benefits from jointly learning to perform both tasks .←
→ vc dimension of ellipsoids ; we will establish that the vc dimension of the class of d - dimensional ellipsoids is ( d ^ 2 + 3d )/ 2 , and that maximum likelihood estimate with n - component d - dimensional gaussian mixture models induces a geometric class having vc dimension at least n ( d ^ 2 + 3d )/ 2 . keywords : vc dimension ; finite dimensional ellipsoid ; gaussian mixture model ←
→ probabilistic event calculus for event recognition ; symbolic event recognition systems have been successfully applied to a variety of application domains , extracting useful information in the form of events , allowing experts or other systems to monitor and respond when significant events are recognised . in a typical event recognition application , however , these systems often have to deal with a significant amount of uncertainty . in this paper , we address the issue of uncertainty in logic - based event recogn ←
→ a practical approach to dialogue response generation in closed domains ; we describe a prototype dialogue response generation model for the customer service domain at amazon . the model , which is trained in a weakly supervised fashion , measures the similarity between customer questions and agent answers using a dual encoder network , a siamese - like neural network architecture . answer templates are extracted from embeddings derived from past agent answers , without turn - by - turn annotations . responses to custome ←
→ use of knowledge graph in rescoring the n - best list in automatic speech recognition ; with the evolution of neural network based methods , automatic speech recognition ( asr ) field has been advanced to a level where building an application with speech interface is a reality . in spite of these advances , building a real - time speech recogniser faces several problems such as low recognition accuracy , domain constraint , and out - of - vocabulary words . the low recognition accuracy problem is addressed by improving t ←
→ how to train triplet networks with 100k identities ? ; training triplet networks with large - scale data is challenging in face recognition . due to the number of possible triplets explodes with the number of samples , previous studies adopt the online hard negative mining ( ohnm ) to handle it . however , as the number of identities becomes extremely large , the training will suffer from bad local minima because effective hard triplets are difficult to be found . to solve the problem , in this paper , we propose trainin ←
→ intelligent emergency message broadcasting in vanet using pso ; the new type of mobile ad hoc network which is called vehicular ad hoc networks ( vanet ) created a fertile environment for research . in this research , a protocol particle swarm optimization contention based broadcast ( pcbb ) is proposed , for fast andeffective dissemination of emergency messages within a geographical area to distribute the emergency message and achieve the safety system , this research will help the vanet system to achieve its safe ←
→ the lovasz - bregman divergence and connections to rank aggregation , clustering , and web ranking ; we extend the recently introduced theory of lovasz - bregman ( lb ) divergences ( iyer & bilmes , 2012 ) in several ways . we show that they represent a distortion between a ' score ' and an ' ordering ', thus providing a new view of rank aggregation and order based clustering with interesting connections to web ranking . we show how the lb divergences have a number of properties akin to many permutation based metrics , and ←
→ weakly supervised top - down salient object detection ; top - down saliency models produce a probability map that peaks at target locations specified by a task / goal such as object detection . they are usually trained in a fully supervised setting involving pixel - level annotations of objects . we propose a weakly supervised top - down saliency framework using only binary labels that indicate the presence / absence of an object in an image . first , the probabilistic contribution of each image region to the confidence of ←
→ cgans with projection discriminator ; we propose a novel , projection based way to incorporate the conditional information into the discriminator of gans that respects the role of the conditional information in the underlining probabilistic model . this approach is in contrast with most frameworks of conditional gans used in application today , which use the conditional information by concatenating the ( embedded ) conditional vector to the feature vectors . with this modification , we were able to significantly i ←
→ a diversity - promoting objective function for neural conversation models ; sequence - to - sequence neural network models for generation of conversational responses tend to generate safe , commonplace responses ( e . g ., " i don ' t know ") regardless of the input . we suggest that the traditional objective function , i . e ., the likelihood of output ( response ) given input ( message ) is unsuited to response generation tasks . instead we propose using maximum mutual information ( mmi ) as the objective function in neural models .←
→ optimizing sparql query answering over owl ontologies ; the sparql query language is currently being extended by the world wide web consortium ( w3c ) with so - called entailment regimes . an entailment regime defines how queries are evaluated under more expressive semantics than sparqls standard simple entailment , which is based on subgraph matching . the queries are very expressive since variables can occur within complex concepts and can also bind to concept or role names . in this paper , we describe a sound an ←
→ outlier detection on mixed - type data : an energy - based approach ; outlier detection amounts to finding data points that differ significantly from the norm . classic outlier detection methods are largely designed for single data type such as continuous or discrete . however , real world data is increasingly heterogeneous , where a data point can have both discrete and continuous attributes . handling mixed - type data in a disciplined way remains a great challenge . in this paper , we propose a new unsupervised outlie ←
→ multi - scale discriminant saliency with wavelet - based hidden markov tree modelling ; the bottom - up saliency , an early stage of humans ' visual attention , can be considered as a binary classification problem between centre and surround classes . discriminant power of features for the classification is measured as mutual information between distributions of image features and corresponding classes . as the estimated discrepancy very much depends on considered scale level , multi - scale structure and discriminant ←
→ deepsentibank : visual sentiment concept classification with deep convolutional neural networks ; this paper introduces a visual sentiment concept classification method based on deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). the visual sentiment concepts are adjective noun pairs ( anps ) automatically discovered from the tags of web photos , and can be utilized as effective statistical cues for detecting emotions depicted in the images . nearly one million flickr images tagged with these anps are downloaded to tra ←
→ can clone detection support quality assessments of requirements specifications ? ; due to their pivotal role in software engineering , considerable effort is spent on the quality assurance of software requirements specifications . as they are mainly described in natural language , relatively few means of automated quality assessment exist . however , we found that clone detection , a technique widely applied to source code , is promising to assess one important quality aspect in an automated way , namely redundanc ←
→ convex tensor decomposition via structured schatten norm regularization ; we discuss structured schatten norms for tensor decomposition that includes two recently proposed norms (" overlapped " and " latent ") for convex - optimization - based tensor decomposition , and connect tensor decomposition with wider literature on structured sparsity . based on the properties of the structured schatten norms , we mathematically analyze the performance of " latent " approach for tensor decomposition , which was empirically found ←
→ turn down that noise : synaptic encoding of afferent snr in a single spiking neuron ; we have added a simplified neuromorphic model of spike time dependent plasticity ( stdp ) to the synapto - dendritic kernel adapting neuron ( skan ). the resulting neuron model is the first to show synaptic encoding of afferent signal to noise ratio in addition to the unsupervised learning of spatio temporal spike patterns . the neuron model is particularly suitable for implementation in digital neuromorphic hardware as it does ←
→ adversarial attacks beyond the image space ; generating adversarial examples is an intriguing problem and an important way of understanding the working mechanism of deep neural networks . recently , it has attracted a lot of attention in the computer vision community . most existing approaches generated perturbations in image space , i . e ., each pixel can be modified independently . however , it remains unclear whether these adversarial examples are authentic , in the sense that they correspond to actual changes in ←
→ predictive correlation screening : application to two - stage predictor design in high dimension ; we introduce a new approach to variable selection , called predictive correlation screening , for predictor design . predictive correlation screening ( pcs ) implements false positive control on the selected variables , is well suited to small sample sizes , and is scalable to high dimensions . we establish asymptotic bounds for familywise error rate ( fwer ), and resultant mean square error of a linear predictor on the ←
→ learning parameterized skills ; we introduce a method for constructing skills capable of solving tasks drawn from a distribution of parameterized reinforcement learning problems . the method draws example tasks from a distribution of interest and uses the corresponding learned policies to estimate the topology of the lower - dimensional piecewise - smooth manifold on which the skill policies lie . this manifold models how policy parameters change as task parameters vary . the method identifies the number of charts ←
→ entropy , perception , and relativity ; in this paper , i expand shannon ' s definition of entropy into a new form of entropy that allows integration of information from different random events . shannon ' s notion of entropy is a special case of my more general definition of entropy . i define probability using a so - called performance function , which is de facto an exponential distribution . assuming that my general notion of entropy reflects the true uncertainty about a probabilistic event , i understand that our pe ←
→ discrete geodesic calculus in the space of viscous fluidic objects ; based on a local approximation of the riemannian distance on a manifold by a computationally cheap dissimilarity measure , a time discrete geodesic calculus is developed , and applications to shape space are explored . the dissimilarity measure is derived from a deformation energy whose hessian reproduces the underlying riemannian metric , and it is used to define length and energy of discrete paths in shape space . the notion of discrete geode ←
→ a comprehensive survey of data mining - based fraud detection research ; this survey paper categorises , compares , and summarises from almost all published technical and review articles in automated fraud detection within the last 10 years . it defines the professional fraudster , formalises the main types and subtypes of known fraud , and presents the nature of data evidence collected within affected industries . within the business context of mining the data to achieve higher cost savings , this research presents ←
→ document stream clustering : experimenting an incremental algorithm and ar - based tools for highlighting dynamic trends ; we address here two major challenges presented by dynamic data mining : 1 ) the stability challenge : we have implemented a rigorous incremental density - based clustering algorithm , independent from any initial conditions and ordering of the data - vectors stream , 2 ) the cognitive challenge : we have implemented a stringent selection process of association rules between clusters at time t - 1 and ←
→ general discounting versus average reward ; consider an agent interacting with an environment in cycles . in every interaction cycle the agent is rewarded for its performance . we compare the average reward u from cycle 1 to m ( average value ) with the future discounted reward v from cycle k to infinity ( discounted value ). we consider essentially arbitrary ( non - geometric ) discount sequences and arbitrary reward sequences ( non - mdp environments ). we show that asymptotically u for m -> infinity and v for k -> infinit ←
→ data - dependent initializations of convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks spread through computer vision like a wildfire , impacting almost all visual tasks imaginable . despite this , few researchers dare to train their models from scratch . most work builds on one of a handful of imagenet pre - trained models , and fine - tunes or adapts these for specific tasks . this is in large part due to the difficulty of properly initializing these networks from scratch . a small miscalibration of the ini ←
→ learning semantic part - based models from google images ; we propose a technique to train semantic part - based models of object classes from google images . our models encompass the appearance of parts and their spatial arrangement on the object , specific to each viewpoint . we learn these rich models by collecting training instances for both parts and objects , and automatically connecting the two levels . our framework works incrementally , by learning from easy examples first , and then gradually adapting to har ←
→ thumt : an open source toolkit for neural machine translation ; this paper introduces thumt , an open - source toolkit for neural machine translation ( nmt ) developed by the natural language processing group at tsinghua university . thumt implements the standard attention - based encoder - decoder framework on top of theano and supports three training criteria : maximum likelihood estimation , minimum risk training , and semi - supervised training . it features a visualization tool for displaying the relevance between hidd ←
→ acoustic - to - word model without oov ; recently , the acoustic - to - word model based on the connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) criterion was shown as a natural end - to - end model directly targeting words as output units . however , this type of word - based ctc model suffers from the out - of - vocabulary ( oov ) issue as it can only model limited number of words in the output layer and maps all the remaining words into an oov output node . therefore , such word - based ctc model can only recognize the frequent words m ←
→ adaptive down - sampling and dimension reduction in time elastic kernel machines for efficient recognition of isolated gestures ; in the scope of gestural action recognition , the size of the feature vector representing movements is in general quite large especially when full body movements are considered . furthermore , this feature vector evolves during the movement performance so that a complete movement is fully represented by a matrix m of size dxt , whose element m i , j represents the value of feature i ←
→ deltableu : a discriminative metric for generation tasks with intrinsically diverse targets ; we introduce discriminative bleu ( deltableu ), a novel metric for intrinsic evaluation of generated text in tasks that admit a diverse range of possible outputs . reference strings are scored for quality by human raters on a scale of [- 1 , + 1 ] to weight multi - reference bleu . in tasks involving generation of conversational responses , deltableu correlates reasonably with human judgments and outperforms sentence - level a ←
→ estimating phoneme class conditional probabilities from raw speech signal using convolutional neural networks ; in hybrid hidden markov model / artificial neural networks ( hmm / ann ) automatic speech recognition ( asr ) system , the phoneme class conditional probabilities are estimated by first extracting acoustic features from the speech signal based on prior knowledge such as , speech perception or / and speech production knowledge , and , then modeling the acoustic features with an ann . recent advances in machine ←
→ predict responsibly : increasing fairness by learning to defer ; in many high - stakes ml applications , there are multiple decision - makers involved , both automated and human . the interaction between these agents often goes unaddressed in algorithmic development . in this work , we explore a simple version of this interaction with a two - stage framework containing an automated model and an external decision - maker . the model can choose to say idk , and pass the decision downstream , as explored in rejection learning .←
→ transferrable plausibility model - a probabilistic interpretation of mathematical theory of evidence ; this paper suggests a new interpretation of the dempster - shafer theory in terms of probabilistic interpretation of plausibility . a new rule of combination of independent evidence is shown and its preservation of interpretation is demonstrated .←
→ reduction of intermediate alphabets in finite - state transducer cascades ; this article describes an algorithm for reducing the intermediate alphabets in cascades of finite - state transducers ( fsts ). although the method modifies the component fsts , there is no change in the overall relation described by the whole cascade . no additional information or special algorithm , that could decelerate the processing of input , is required at runtime . two examples from natural language processing are used to illustrate th ←
→ constructing binary descriptors with a stochastic hill climbing search ; binary descriptors of image patches provide processing speed advantages and require less storage than methods that encode the patch appearance with a vector of real numbers . we provide evidence that , despite its simplicity , a stochastic hill climbing bit selection procedure for descriptor construction defeats recently proposed alternatives on a standard discriminative power benchmark . the method is easy to implement and understand , has ←
→ generation of sar image for real - life objects using general purpose em simulators ; in the applications related to airborne radars , simulation has always played an important role . this is mainly because of the two fold reason of the unavailability of desired data and the difficulty associated with the collection of data under controlled environment . a simple example will be regarding the collection of pure multipolar radar data . even after phenomenal development in the field of radar hardware design and s ←
→ an empirical analysis of proximal policy optimization with kronecker - factored natural gradients ; in this technical report , we consider an approach that combines the ppo objective and k - fac natural gradient optimization , for which we call ppokfac . we perform a range of empirical analysis on various aspects of the algorithm , such as sample complexity , training speed , and sensitivity to batch size and training epochs . we observe that ppokfac is able to outperform ppo in terms of sample complexity and speed ←
→ a probabilistic interpretation of sampling theory of graph signals ; we give a probabilistic interpretation of sampling theory of graph signals . to do this , we first define a generative model for the data using a pairwise gaussian random field ( grf ) which depends on the graph . we show that , under certain conditions , reconstructing a graph signal from a subset of its samples by least squares is equivalent to performing map inference on an approximation of this grf which has a low rank covariance matrix . we t ←
→ gated graph sequence neural networks ; graph - structured data appears frequently in domains including chemistry , natural language semantics , social networks , and knowledge bases . in this work , we study feature learning techniques for graph - structured inputs . our starting point is previous work on graph neural networks ( scarselli et al ., 2009 ), which we modify to use gated recurrent units and modern optimization techniques and then extend to output sequences . the result is a flexible and broadly useful class ←
→ restricted value iteration : theory and algorithms ; value iteration is a popular algorithm for finding near optimal policies for pomdps . it is inefficient due to the need to account for the entire belief space , which necessitates the solution of large numbers of linear programs . in this paper , we study value iteration restricted to belief subsets . we show that , together with properly chosen belief subsets , restricted value iteration yields near - optimal policies and we give a condition for determining whethe ←
→ a physician advisory system for chronic heart failure management based on knowledge patterns ; management of chronic diseases such as heart failure , diabetes , and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a major problem in health care . a standard approach that the medical community has devised to manage widely prevalent chronic diseases such as chronic heart failure ( chf ) is to have a committee of experts develop guidelines that all physicians should follow . these guidelines typically consist of a ←
→ deep learning for metagenomic data : using 2d embeddings and convolutional neural networks ; deep learning ( dl ) techniques have had unprecedented success when applied to images , waveforms , and texts to cite a few . in general , when the sample size ( n ) is much greater than the number of features ( d ), dl outperforms previous machine learning ( ml ) techniques , often through the use of convolution neural networks ( cnns ). however , in many bioinformatics ml tasks , we encounter the opposite situation where d is gre ←
→ outrageously large neural networks : the sparsely - gated mixture - of - experts layer ; the capacity of a neural network to absorb information is limited by its number of parameters . conditional computation , where parts of the network are active on a per - example basis , has been proposed in theory as a way of dramatically increasing model capacity without a proportional increase in computation . in practice , however , there are significant algorithmic and performance challenges . in this work , we address these chal ←
→ differential angular imaging for material recognition ; material recognition for real - world outdoor surfaces has become increasingly important for computer vision to support its operation " in the wild ." computational surface modeling that underlies material recognition has transitioned from reflectance modeling using in - lab controlled radiometric measurements to image - based representations based on internet - mined images of materials captured in the scene . we propose to take a middle - ground approach for mate ←
→ using convolutional neural networks for determining reticulocyte percentage in cats ; recent advances in artificial intelligence ( ai ), specifically in computer vision ( cv ) and deep learning ( dl ), have created opportunities for novel systems in many fields . in the last few years , deep learning applications have demonstrated impressive results not only in fields such as autonomous driving and robotics , but also in the field of medicine , where they have , in some cases , even exceeded human - level performance . ←
→ creating a level playing field for all symbols in a discretization ; in time series analysis research there is a strong interest in discrete representations of real valued data streams . one approach that emerged over a decade ago and is still considered state - of - the - art is the symbolic aggregate approximation algorithm . this discretization algorithm was the first symbolic approach that mapped a real - valued time series to a symbolic representation that was guaranteed to lower - bound euclidean distance . the in ←
→ deepsafe : a data - driven approach for checking adversarial robustness in neural networks ; deep neural networks have become widely used , obtaining remarkable results in domains such as computer vision , speech recognition , natural language processing , audio recognition , social network filtering , machine translation , and bio - informatics , where they have produced results comparable to human experts . however , these networks can be easily fooled by adversarial perturbations : minimal changes to correctly - classif ←
→ pattern based term extraction using acabit system ; in this paper , we propose a pattern - based term extraction approach for japanese , applying acabit system originally developed for french . the proposed approach evaluates termhood using morphological patterns of basic terms and term variants . after extracting term candidates , acabit system filters out non - terms from the candidates based on log - likelihood . this approach is suitable for japanese term extraction because most of japanese terms are compound nouns ←
→ conceptual text summarizer : a new model in continuous vector space ; traditional methods of summarization are not cost - effective and possible today . extractive summarization is a process that helps to extract the most important sentences from a text automatically and generates a short informative summary . in this work , we propose an unsupervised method to summarize persian texts . this method is a novel hybrid approach that clusters the concepts of the text using deep learning and statistical methods . althou ←
→ a methodology for player modeling based on machine learning ; ai is gradually receiving more attention as a fundamental feature to increase the immersion in digital games . among the several ai approaches , player modeling is becoming an important one . the main idea is to understand and model the player characteristics and behaviors in order to develop a better ai . in this work , we discuss several aspects of this new field . we proposed a taxonomy to organize the area , discussing several facets of this topic , ←
→ can image retrieval help visual saliency detection ? ; we propose a novel image retrieval framework for visual saliency detection using information about salient objects contained within bounding box annotations for similar images . for each test image , we train a customized svm from similar example images to predict the saliency values of its object proposals and generate an external saliency map ( es ) by aggregating the regional scores . to overcome limitations caused by the size of the training dataset , we a ←
→ conditional independence in uncertainty theories ; this paper introduces the notions of independence and conditional independence in valuation - based systems ( vbs ). vbs is an axiomatic framework capable of representing many different uncertainty calculi . we define independence and conditional independence in terms of factorization of the joint valuation . the definitions of independence and conditional independence in vbs generalize the corresponding definitions in probability theory . our definitions apply no ←
→ random worlds and maximum entropy ; given a knowledge base kb containing first - order and statistical facts , we consider a principled method , called the random - worlds method , for computing a degree of belief that some formula phi holds given kb . if we are reasoning about a world or system consisting of n individuals , then we can consider all possible worlds , or first - order models , with domain { 1 ,..., n } that satisfy kb , and compute the fraction of them in which phi is true . we define the degree of belief to b ←
→ an experimental study of graph - based semi - supervised classification with additional node information ; the volume of data generated by internet and social networks is increasing every day , and there is a clear need for efficient ways of extracting useful information from them . as those data can take different forms , it is important to use all the available data representations for prediction . in this paper , we focus our attention on supervised classification using both regular plain , tabular , data and s ←
→ learning dynamic memory networks for object tracking ; template - matching methods for visual tracking have gained popularity recently due to their comparable performance and fast speed . however , they lack effective ways to adapt to changes in the target object ' s appearance , making their tracking accuracy still far from state - of - the - art . in this paper , we propose a dynamic memory network to adapt the template to the target ' s appearance variations during tracking . an lstm is used as a memory controller , where ←
→ retinex filtering of foggy images : generation of a bulk set with selection and ranking ; in this paper we are proposing the use of gimp retinex , a filter of the gnu image manipulation program , for enhancing foggy images . this filter involves adjusting four different parameters to find the output image which has to be preferred according to some specific purposes . aiming to obtain a processing , which is able of choosing automatically the best image from a given set , we are proposing a method for the genera ←
→ recognition performance of a structured language model ; a new language model for speech recognition inspired by linguistic analysis is presented . the model develops hidden hierarchical structure incrementally and uses it to extract meaningful information from the word history - thus enabling the use of extended distance dependencies - in an attempt to complement the locality of currently used trigram models . the structured language model , its probabilistic parameterization and performance in a two - pass spe ←
→ reflection invariant and symmetry detection ; symmetry detection and discrimination are of fundamental meaning in science , technology , and engineering . this paper introduces reflection invariants and defines the directional moment to detect symmetry for shape analysis and object recognition . and it demonstrates that detection of reflection symmetry can be done in a simple way by solving a trigonometric system derived from the directional moment , and discrimination of reflection symmetry can be achieved by a ←
→ wind ramp event prediction with parallelized gradient boosted regression trees ; accurate prediction of wind ramp events is critical for ensuring the reliability and stability of the power systems with high penetration of wind energy . this paper proposes a classification based approach for estimating the future class of wind ramp event based on certain thresholds . a parallelized gradient boosted regression tree based technique has been proposed to accurately classify the normal as well as rare extreme win ←
→ fast mcmc sampling for markov jump processes and continuous time bayesian networks ; markov jump processes and continuous time bayesian networks are important classes of continuous time dynamical systems . in this paper , we tackle the problem of inferring unobserved paths in these models by introducing a fast auxiliary variable gibbs sampler . our approach is based on the idea of uniformization , and sets up a markov chain over paths by sampling a finite set of virtual jump times and then running a standard ←
→ dialectometric analysis of language variation in twitter ; in the last few years , microblogging platforms such as twitter have given rise to a deluge of textual data that can be used for the analysis of informal communication between millions of individuals . in this work , we propose an information - theoretic approach to geographic language variation using a corpus based on twitter . we test our models with tens of concepts and their associated keywords detected in spanish tweets geolocated in spain . we employ ←
→ learning reduced - resolution and super - resolution networks in synch ; recent studies have shown that deep convolutional neural networks achieve the excellent performance on image super - resolution . however , cnn - based methods restore the super - resolution results depending on interpolations a lot . in this paper , we present an end - to - end network ( reduced & super - resolution network , rsrnet ) for reduced - resolution and super - resolution without any cheap interpolation . 1 ) the reduced - resolution network is trained wi ←
→ automated identification of trampoline skills using computer vision extracted pose estimation ; a novel method to identify trampoline skills using a single video camera is proposed herein . conventional computer vision techniques are used for identification , estimation , and tracking of the gymnast ' s body in a video recording of the routine . for each frame , an open source convolutional neural network is used to estimate the pose of the athlete ' s body . body orientation and joint angle estimates are extracted ←
→ genetic programming for multibiometrics ; biometric systems suffer from some drawbacks : a biometric system can provide in general good performances except with some individuals as its performance depends highly on the quality of the capture . one solution to solve some of these problems is to use multibiometrics where different biometric systems are combined together ( multiple captures of the same biometric modality , multiple feature extraction algorithms , multiple biometric modalities ...). in this paper , we ←
→ an application of uncertain reasoning to requirements engineering ; this paper examines the use of bayesian networks to tackle one of the tougher problems in requirements engineering , translating user requirements into system requirements . the approach taken is to model domain knowledge as bayesian network fragments that are glued together to form a complete view of the domain specific system requirements . user requirements are introduced as evidence and the propagation of belief is used to determine what a ←
→ learning an attention model in an artificial visual system ; the human visual perception of the world is of a large fixed image that is highly detailed and sharp . however , receptor density in the retina is not uniform : a small central region called the fovea is very dense and exhibits high resolution , whereas a peripheral region around it has much lower spatial resolution . thus , contrary to our perception , we are only able to observe a very small region around the line of sight with high resolution . the per ←
→ on optimal decision - making in ant colonies ; colonies of ants can collectively choose the best of several nests , even when many of the active ants who organize the move visit only one site . understanding such a behavior can help us design efficient distributed decision making algorithms . marshall et al . propose a model for house - hunting in colonies of ant temnothorax albipennis . unfortunately , their model does not achieve optimal decision - making while laboratory experiments show that , in fact , colonies usua ←
→ hierarchical cellular automata for visual saliency ; saliency detection , finding the most important parts of an image , has become increasingly popular in computer vision . in this paper , we introduce hierarchical cellular automata ( hca ) -- a temporally evolving model to intelligently detect salient objects . hca consists of two main components : single - layer cellular automata ( sca ) and cuboid cellular automata ( cca ). as an unsupervised propagation mechanism , single - layer cellular automata can exploit the intri ←
→ recycling randomness with structure for sublinear time kernel expansions ; we propose a scheme for recycling gaussian random vectors into structured matrices to approximate various kernel functions in sublinear time via random embeddings . our framework includes the fastfood construction as a special case , but also extends to circulant , toeplitz and hankel matrices , and the broader family of structured matrices that are characterized by the concept of low - displacement rank . we introduce notions of coherence ←
→ learning region features for object detection ; while most steps in the modern object detection methods are learnable , the region feature extraction step remains largely hand - crafted , featured by roi pooling methods . this work proposes a general viewpoint that unifies existing region feature extraction methods and a novel method that is end - to - end learnable . the proposed method removes most heuristic choices and outperforms its roi pooling counterparts . it moves further towards fully learnable object detect ←
→ accelerated gradient descent escapes saddle points faster than gradient descent ; nesterov ' s accelerated gradient descent ( agd ), an instance of the general family of " momentum methods ", provably achieves faster convergence rate than gradient descent ( gd ) in the convex setting . however , whether these methods are superior to gd in the nonconvex setting remains open . this paper studies a simple variant of agd , and shows that it escapes saddle points and finds a second - order stationary point in $\ tilde { o }( 1 /\←
→ a logical charaterisation of ordered disjunction ; in this paper we consider a logical treatment for the ordered disjunction operator ' x ' introduced by brewka , niemel \" a and syrj \" anen in their logic programs with ordered disjunctions ( lpod ). lpods are used to represent preferences in logic programming under the answer set semantics . their semantics is defined by first translating the lpod into a set of normal programs ( called split programs ) and then imposing a preference relation among the answer sets of ←
→ estimating individual treatment effect in observational data using random forest methods ; estimation of individual treatment effect in observational data is complicated due to the challenges of confounding and selection bias . a useful inferential framework to address this is the counterfactual ( potential outcomes ) model which takes the hypothetical stance of asking what if an individual had received both treatments . making use of random forests ( rf ) within the counterfactual framework we estimate individ ←
→ what is india speaking : the " hinglish " invasion ; while language competition models of diachronic language shift are increasingly sophisticated , drawing on sociolinguistic components like variable language prestige , distance from language centers and intermediate bilingual transitionary populations , in one significant way they fall short . they fail to consider contact - based outcomes resulting in mixed language practices , e . g . outcome scenarios such as creoles or unmarked code switching as an emergent commun ←
→ inference policies ; it is suggested that an ai inference system should reflect an inference policy that is tailored to the domain of problems to which it is applied -- and furthermore that an inference policy need not conform to any general theory of rational inference or induction . we note , for instance , that bayesian reasoning about the probabilistic characteristics of an inference domain may result in the specification of an nonbayesian procedure for reasoning within the inference domain . in this paper ,←
→ boundary - based image forgery detection by fast shallow cnn ; image forgery detection is the task of detecting and localizing forged parts in tampered images . previous works mostly focus on high resolution images using traces of resampling features , demosaicing features or sharpness of edges . however , a good detection method should also be applicable to low resolution images because compressed or resized images are common these days . to this end , we propose a shallow convolutional neural network ( scnn ), capab ←
→ best - effort inductive logic programming via fine - grained cost - based hypothesis generation ; we describe the inspire system which participated in the first competition on inductive logic programming ( ilp ). inspire is based on answer set programming ( asp ). the distinguishing feature of inspire is an asp encoding for hypothesis space generation : given a set of facts representing the mode bias , and a set of cost configuration parameters , each answer set of this encoding represents a single rule that is consid ←
→ variational intrinsic control ; in this paper we introduce a new unsupervised reinforcement learning method for discovering the set of intrinsic options available to an agent . this set is learned by maximizing the number of different states an agent can reliably reach , as measured by the mutual information between the set of options and option termination states . to this end , we instantiate two policy gradient based algorithms , one that creates an explicit embedding space of options and one that represents ←
→ establishment of relationships between material design and product design domains by hybrid fem - ann technique ; in this paper , research on ai based modeling technique to optimize development of new alloys with necessitated improvements in properties and chemical mixture over existing alloys as per functional requirements of product is done . the current research work novels ai in lieu of predictions to establish association between material and product customary . advanced computational simulation technique ←
→ mining and analyzing the future works in scientific articles ; future works in scientific articles are valuable for researchers and they can guide researchers to new research directions or ideas . in this paper , we mine the future works in scientific articles in order to 1 ) provide an insight for future work analysis and 2 ) facilitate researchers to search and browse future works in a research area . first , we study the problem of future work extraction and propose a regular expression based method to address ←
→ effect of super resolution on high dimensional features for unsupervised face recognition in the wild ; majority of the face recognition algorithms use query faces captured from uncontrolled , in the wild , environment . often caused by the cameras limited capabilities , it is common for these captured facial images to be blurred or low resolution . super resolution algorithms are therefore crucial in improving the resolution of such images especially when the image size is small requiring enlargement . this pa ←
→ what catches the eye ? visualizing and understanding deep saliency models ; deep convolutional neural networks have demonstrated high performances for fixation prediction in recent years . how they achieve this , however , is less explored and they remain to be black box models . here , we attempt to shed light on the internal structure of deep saliency models and study what features they extract for fixation prediction . specifically , we use a simple yet powerful architecture , consisting of only one cnn and a sin ←
→ what can we learn about cnns from a large scale controlled object dataset ? ; tolerance to image variations ( e . g . translation , scale , pose , illumination ) is an important desired property of any object recognition system , be it human or machine . moving towards increasingly bigger datasets has been trending in computer vision specially with the emergence of highly popular deep learning models . while being very useful for learning invariance to object inter - and intra - class shape variability , these large - scal ←
→ learning object location predictors with boosting and grammar - guided feature extraction ; we present beamer : a new spatially exploitative approach to learning object detectors which shows excellent results when applied to the task of detecting objects in greyscale aerial imagery in the presence of ambiguous and noisy data . there are four main contributions used to produce these results . first , we introduce a grammar - guided feature extraction system , enabling the exploration of a richer feature space while ←
→ variable importance in binary regression trees and forests ; we characterize and study variable importance ( vimp ) and pairwise variable associations in binary regression trees . a key component involves the node mean squared error for a quantity we refer to as a maximal subtree . the theory naturally extends from single trees to ensembles of trees and applies to methods like random forests . this is useful because while importance values from random forests are used to screen variables , for example they are us ←
→ robot gains social intelligence through multimodal deep reinforcement learning ; for robots to coexist with humans in a social world like ours , it is crucial that they possess human - like social interaction skills . programming a robot to possess such skills is a challenging task . in this paper , we propose a multimodal deep q - network ( mdqn ) to enable a robot to learn human - like interaction skills through a trial and error method . this paper aims to develop a robot that gathers data during its interaction wi ←
→ causal inference by surrogate experiments : z - identifiability ; we address the problem of estimating the effect of intervening on a set of variables x from experiments on a different set , z , that is more accessible to manipulation . this problem , which we call z - identifiability , reduces to ordinary identifiability when z = empty and , like the latter , can be given syntactic characterization using the do - calculus [ pearl , 1995 ; 2000 ]. we provide a graphical necessary and sufficient condition for z - identifiabilit ←
→ coco : a platform for comparing continuous optimizers in a black - box setting ; coco is a platform for comparing continuous optimizers in a black - box setting . it aims at automatizing the tedious and repetitive task of benchmarking numerical optimization algorithms to the greatest possible extent . we present the rationals behind the development of the platform as a general proposition for a guideline towards better benchmarking . we detail underlying fundamental concepts of coco such as its definition of a pr ←
→ artis : appearance - based action recognition in task space for real - time human - robot collaboration ; to have a robot actively supporting a human during a collaborative task , it is crucial that robots are able to identify the current action in order to predict the next one . common approaches make use of high - level knowledge , such as object affordances , semantics or understanding of actions in terms of pre - and post - conditions . these approaches often require hand - coded a priori knowledge , time - and resource - i ←
→ on the potential of simple framewise approaches to piano transcription ; in an attempt at exploring the limitations of simple approaches to the task of piano transcription ( as usually defined in mir ), we conduct an in - depth analysis of neural network - based framewise transcription . we systematically compare different popular input representations for transcription systems to determine the ones most suitable for use with neural networks . exploiting recent advances in training techniques and new regularizers , ←
→ composite task - completion dialogue policy learning via hierarchical deep reinforcement learning ; building a dialogue agent to fulfill complex tasks , such as travel planning , is challenging because the agent has to learn to collectively complete multiple subtasks . for example , the agent needs to reserve a hotel and book a flight so that there leaves enough time for commute between arrival and hotel check - in . this paper addresses this challenge by formulating the task in the mathematical framework of optio ←
→ concept based vs . pseudo relevance feedback performance evaluation for information retrieval system ; this article evaluates the performance of two techniques for query reformulation in a system for information retrieval , namely , the concept based and the pseudo relevance feedback reformulation . the experiments performed on a corpus of arabic text have allowed us to compare the contribution of these two reformulation techniques in improving the performance of an information retrieval system for arabic tex ←
→ human - machine crfs for identifying bottlenecks in holistic scene understanding ; recent trends in image understanding have pushed for holistic scene understanding models that jointly reason about various tasks such as object detection , scene recognition , shape analysis , contextual reasoning , and local appearance based classifiers . in this work , we are interested in understanding the roles of these different tasks in improved scene understanding , in particular semantic segmentation , object detection and sc ←
→ brain tumor segmentation based on refined fully convolutional neural networks with a hierarchical dice loss ; as a basic task in computer vision , semantic segmentation can provide fundamental information for object detection and instance segmentation to help the artificial intelligence better understand real world . since the proposal of fully convolutional neural network ( fcnn ), it has been widely used in semantic segmentation because of its high accuracy of pixel - wise classification as well as high preci ←
→ managing uncertainty in rule based cognitive models ; an experiment replicated and extended recent findings on psychologically realistic ways of modeling propagation of uncertainty in rule based reasoning . within a single production rule , the antecedent evidence can be summarized by taking the maximum of disjunctively connected antecedents and the minimum of conjunctively connected antecedents . the maximum certainty factor attached to each of the rule ' s conclusions can be sealed down by multiplication with ←
→ redefining context windows for word embedding models : an experimental study ; distributional semantic models learn vector representations of words through the contexts they occur in . although the choice of context ( which often takes the form of a sliding window ) has a direct influence on the resulting embeddings , the exact role of this model component is still not fully understood . this paper presents a systematic analysis of context windows based on a set of four distinct hyper - parameters . we train conti ←
→ formal verification of autonomous vehicle platooning ; the coordination of multiple autonomous vehicles into convoys or platoons is expected on our highways in the near future . however , before such platoons can be deployed , the new autonomous behaviors of the vehicles in these platoons must be certified . an appropriate representation for vehicle platooning is as a multi - agent system in which each agent captures the " autonomous decisions " carried out by each vehicle . in order to ensure that these autonomous ←
→ discriminative learning of latent features for zero - shot recognition ; zero - shot learning ( zsl ) aims to recognize unseen image categories by learning an embedding space between image and semantic representations . for years , among existing works , it has been the center task to learn the proper mapping matrices aligning the visual and semantic space , whilst the importance to learn discriminative representations for zsl is ignored . in this work , we retrospect existing methods and demonstrate the necessity to l ←
→ multi - view treelet transform ; current multi - view factorization methods make assumptions that are not acceptable for many kinds of data , and in particular , for graphical data with hierarchical structure . at the same time , current hierarchical methods work only in the single - view setting . we generalize the treelet transform to the multi - view treelet transform ( mvtt ) to allow for the capture of hierarchical structure when multiple views are available . further , we show how this generalization is consistent wit ←
→ consensus dynamics in a non - deterministic naming game with shared memory ; in the naming game , individuals or agents exchange pairwise local information in order to communicate about objects in their common environment . the goal of the game is to reach a consensus about naming these objects . originally used to investigate language formation and self - organizing vocabularies , we extend the classical naming game with a globally shared memory accessible by all agents . this shared memory can be interpreted as an ←
→ global optimization of lipschitz functions ; the goal of the paper is to design sequential strategies which lead to efficient optimization of an unknown function under the only assumption that it has a finite lipschitz constant . we first identify sufficient conditions for the consistency of generic sequential algorithms and formulate the expected minimax rate for their performance . we introduce and analyze a first algorithm called lipo which assumes the lipschitz constant to be known . consistency , minimax r ←
→ phrase pair mappings for hindi - english statistical machine translation ; in this paper , we present our work on the creation of lexical resources for the machine translation between english and hindi . we describes the development of phrase pair mappings for our experiments and the comparative performance evaluation between different trained models on top of the baseline statistical machine translation system . we focused on augmenting the parallel corpus with more vocabulary as well as with various inflected ←
→ idea density for predicting alzheimer ' s disease from transcribed speech ; idea density ( id ) measures the rate at which ideas or elementary predications are expressed in an utterance or in a text . lower id is found to be associated with an increased risk of developing alzheimer ' s disease ( ad ) ( snowdon et al ., 1996 ; engelman et al ., 2010 ). id has been used in two different versions : propositional idea density ( pid ) counts the expressed ideas and can be applied to any text while semantic idea density ( sid ) cou ←
→ learning to blend computer game levels ; we present an approach to generate novel computer game levels that blend different game concepts in an unsupervised fashion . our primary contribution is an analogical reasoning process to construct blends between level design models learned from gameplay videos . the models represent probabilistic relationships between elements in the game . an analogical reasoning process maps features between two models to produce blended models that can then generate new level chunk ←
→ ambiguity in language networks ; human language defines the most complex outcomes of evolution . the emergence of such an elaborated form of communication allowed humans to create extremely structured societies and manage symbols at different levels including , among others , semantics . all linguistic levels have to deal with an astronomic combinatorial potential that stems from the recursive nature of languages . this recursiveness is indeed a key defining trait . however , not all words are equally combined nor ←
→ performance tuning of j48 algorithm for prediction of soil fertility ; data mining involves the systematic analysis of large data sets , and data mining in agricultural soil datasets is exciting and modern research area . the productive capacity of a soil depends on soil fertility . achieving and maintaining appropriate levels of soil fertility , is of utmost importance if agricultural land is to remain capable of nourishing crop production . in this research , steps for building a predictive model of soil fertil ←
→ single image super - resolution via cascaded multi - scale cross network ; the deep convolutional neural networks have achieved significant improvements in accuracy and speed for single image super - resolution . however , as the depth of network grows , the information flow is weakened and the training becomes harder and harder . on the other hand , most of the models adopt a single - stream structure with which integrating complementary contextual information under different receptive fields is difficult . to improve i ←
→ advances in artificial intelligence require progress across all of computer science ; advances in artificial intelligence require progress across all of computer science .←
→ lass - 0 : sparse non - convex regression by local search ; we compute approximate solutions to l0 regularized linear regression using l1 regularization , also known as the lasso , as an initialization step . our algorithm , the lass - 0 (" lass - zero "), uses a computationally efficient stepwise search to determine a locally optimal l0 solution given any l1 regularization solution . we present theoretical results of consistency under orthogonality and appropriate handling of redundant features . empirically , we use synthe ←
→ entropy - difference based stereo error detection ; stereo depth estimation is error - prone ; hence , effective error detection methods are desirable . most such existing methods depend on characteristics of the stereo matching cost curve , making them unduly dependent on functional details of the matching algorithm . as a remedy , we propose a novel error detection approach based solely on the input image and its depth map . our assumption is that , entropy of any point on an image will be significantly higher than t ←
→ ocr post - processing error correction algorithm using google online spelling suggestion ; with the advent of digital optical scanners , a lot of paper - based books , textbooks , magazines , articles , and documents are being transformed into an electronic version that can be manipulated by a computer . for this purpose , ocr , short for optical character recognition was developed to translate scanned graphical text into editable computer text . unfortunately , ocr is still imperfect as it occasionally mis - recognizes ←
→ combining patch - based strategies and non - rigid registration - based label fusion methods ; the objective of this study is to develop a patch - based labeling method that cooperates with a label fusion using non - rigid registrations . we present a novel patch - based label fusion method , whose selected patches and their weights are calculated from a combination of similarity measures between patches using intensity - based distances and labeling - based distances , where a previous labeling of the target image is infer ←
→ genetic algorithms and its use with back - propagation network ; genetic algorithms are considered as one of the most efficient search techniques . although they do not offer an optimal solution , their ability to reach a suitable solution in considerably short time gives them their respectable role in many ai techniques . this work introduces genetic algorithms and describes their characteristics . then a novel method using genetic algorithm in best training set generation and selection for a back - propagation ne ←
→ recurrent neural network - based semantic variational autoencoder for sequence - to - sequence learning ; sequence - to - sequence ( seq2seq ) models have played an import role in the recent success of various natural language processing methods , such as machine translation , text summarization , and speech recognition . however , current seq2seq models have trouble preserving global latent information from a long sequence of words . variational autoencoder ( vae ) alleviates this problem by learning a continuous semantic s ←
→ social media - based substance use prediction ; in this paper , we demonstrate how the state - of - the - art machine learning and text mining techniques can be used to build effective social media - based substance use detection systems . since a substance use ground truth is difficult to obtain on a large scale , to maximize system performance , we explore different feature learning methods to take advantage of a large amount of unsupervised social media data . we also demonstrate the benefit of using multi - view unsuper ←
→ learning exponential families in high - dimensions : strong convexity and sparsity ; the versatility of exponential families , along with their attendant convexity properties , make them a popular and effective statistical model . a central issue is learning these models in high - dimensions , such as when there is some sparsity pattern of the optimal parameter . this work characterizes a certain strong convexity property of general exponential families , which allow their generalization ability to be quantified . in ←
→ automatic method of domain ontology construction based on characteristics of corpora pos - analysis ; it is now widely recognized that ontologies , are one of the fundamental cornerstones of knowledge - based systems . what is lacking , however , is a currently accepted strategy of how to build ontology ; what kinds of the resources and techniques are indispensables to optimize the expenses and the time on the one hand and the amplitude , the completeness , the robustness of en ontology on the other hand . the paper ←
→ multiscale probability transformation of basic probability assignment ; decision making is still an open issue in the application of dempster - shafer evidence theory . a lot of works have been presented for it . in the transferable belief model ( tbm ), pignistic probabilities based on the basic probability as - signments are used for decision making . in this paper , multiscale probability transformation of basic probability assignment based on the belief function and the plausibility function is proposed , which i ←
→ bayes blocks : an implementation of the variational bayesian building blocks framework ; a software library for constructing and learning probabilistic models is presented . the library offers a set of building blocks from which a large variety of static and dynamic models can be built . these include hierarchical models for variances of other variables and many nonlinear models . the underlying variational bayesian machinery , providing for fast and robust estimation but being mathematically rather involved , ←
→ duality in strips planning ; we describe a duality mapping between strips planning tasks . by exchanging the initial and goal conditions , taking their respective complements , and swapping for every action its precondition and delete list , one obtains for every strips task its dual version , which has a solution if and only if the original does . this is proved by showing that the described transformation essentially turns progression ( forward search ) into regression ( backward search ) and vice versa . the dual ←
→ unsupervised grammar induction in a framework of information compression by multiple alignment , unification and search ; this paper describes a novel approach to grammar induction that has been developed within a framework designed to integrate learning with other aspects of computing , ai , mathematics and logic . this framework , called " information compression by multiple alignment , unification and search " ( icmaus ), is founded on principles of minimum length encoding pioneered by solomonoff and others . mos ←
→ explaining violation traces with finite state natural language generation models ; an essential element of any verification technique is that of identifying and communicating to the user , system behaviour which leads to a deviation from the expected behaviour . such behaviours are typically made available as long traces of system actions which would benefit from a natural language explanation of the trace and especially in the context of business logic level specifications . in this paper we present a natur ←
→ unit tests for stochastic optimization ; optimization by stochastic gradient descent is an important component of many large - scale machine learning algorithms . a wide variety of such optimization algorithms have been devised ; however , it is unclear whether these algorithms are robust and widely applicable across many different optimization landscapes . in this paper we develop a collection of unit tests for stochastic optimization . each unit test rapidly evaluates an optimization algorithm on a small - scale , ←
→ hordeqbf : a modular and massively parallel qbf solver ; the recently developed massively parallel satisfiability ( sat ) solver hordesat was designed in a modular way to allow the integration of any sequential cdcl - based sat solver in its core . we integrated the qcdcl - based quantified boolean formula ( qbf ) solver depqbf in hordesat to obtain a massively parallel qbf solver --- hordeqbf . in this paper we describe the details of this integration and report on results of the experimental evaluation of hordeqbf ' s p ←
→ high - performance and tunable stereo reconstruction ; traditional stereo algorithms have focused their efforts on reconstruction quality and have largely avoided prioritizing for run time performance . robots , on the other hand , require quick maneuverability and effective computation to observe its immediate environment and perform tasks within it . in this work , we propose a high - performance and tunable stereo disparity estimation method , with a peak frame - rate of 120hz ( vga resolution , on a single cpu - thread ←
→ modal - set estimation with an application to clustering ; we present a first procedure that can estimate -- with statistical consistency guarantees -- any local - maxima of a density , under benign distributional conditions . the procedure estimates all such local maxima , or $\ textit { modal - sets }$, of any bounded shape or dimension , including usual point - modes . in practice , modal - sets can arise as dense low - dimensional structures in noisy data , and more generally serve to better model the rich variety of locally -←
→ deep convolutional neural network inference with floating - point weights and fixed - point activations ; deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) inference requires significant amount of memory and computation , which limits its deployment on embedded devices . to alleviate these problems to some extent , prior research utilize low precision fixed - point numbers to represent the cnn weights and activations . however , the minimum required data precision of fixed - point weights varies across different networks and al ←
→ a matter of words : nlp for quality evaluation of wikipedia medical articles ; automatic quality evaluation of web information is a task with many fields of applications and of great relevance , especially in critical domains like the medical one . we move from the intuition that the quality of content of medical web documents is affected by features related with the specific domain . first , the usage of a specific vocabulary ( domain informativeness ); then , the adoption of specific codes ( like those used in t ←
→ characterization of the equivalence of robustification and regularization in linear and matrix regression ; the notion of developing statistical methods in machine learning which are robust to adversarial perturbations in the underlying data has been the subject of increasing interest in recent years . a common feature of this work is that the adversarial robustification often corresponds exactly to regularization methods which appear as a loss function plus a penalty . in this paper we deepen and extend th ←
→ similarity , cardinality and entropy for bipolar fuzzy set in the framework of penta - valued representation ; in this paper one presents new similarity , cardinality and entropy measures for bipolar fuzzy set and for its particular forms like intuitionistic , paraconsistent and fuzzy set . all these are constructed in the framework of multi - valued representations and are based on a penta - valued logic that uses the following logical values : true , false , unknown , contradictory and ambiguous . also a new distance ←
→ improving human - machine cooperative visual search with soft highlighting ; advances in machine learning have produced systems that attain human - level performance on certain visual tasks , e . g ., object identification . nonetheless , other tasks requiring visual expertise are unlikely to be entrusted to machines for some time , e . g ., satellite and medical imagery analysis . we describe a human - machine cooperative approach to visual search , the aim of which is to outperform either human or machine acting alone . the ←
→ robust and efficient subspace segmentation via least squares regression ; this paper studies the subspace segmentation problem which aims to segment data drawn from a union of multiple linear subspaces . recent works by using sparse representation , low rank representation and their extensions attract much attention . if the subspaces from which the data drawn are independent or orthogonal , they are able to obtain a block diagonal affinity matrix , which usually leads to a correct segmentation . the main differe ←
→ alprs - a new approach for license plate recognition using the sift algorithm ; this paper presents a new approach for the automatic license plate recognition , which includes the sift algorithm in step to locate the plate in the input image . in this new approach , besides the comparison of the features obtained with the sift algorithm , the correspondence between the spatial orientations and the positioning associated with the keypoints is also observed . afterwards , an algorithm is used for the character re ←
→ short text hashing improved by integrating multi - granularity topics and tags ; due to computational and storage efficiencies of compact binary codes , hashing has been widely used for large - scale similarity search . unfortunately , many existing hashing methods based on observed keyword features are not effective for short texts due to the sparseness and shortness . recently , some researchers try to utilize latent topics of certain granularity to preserve semantic similarity in hash codes beyond keyword match ←
→ variance - reduced stochastic learning by networked agents under random reshuffling ; a new amortized variance - reduced gradient ( avrg ) algorithm was developed in [ 1 ], which has constant storage requirement in comparison to saga and balanced gradient computations in comparison to svrg . one key advantage of the avrg strategy is its amenability to decentralized implementations . in this work , we show how avrg can be extended to the network case where multiple learning agents are assumed to be connected by a gra ←
→ on model selection consistency of regularized m - estimators ; regularized m - estimators are used in diverse areas of science and engineering to fit high - dimensional models with some low - dimensional structure . usually the low - dimensional structure is encoded by the presence of the ( unknown ) parameters in some low - dimensional model subspace . in such settings , it is desirable for estimates of the model parameters to be \ emph { model selection consistent }: the estimates also fall in the model subspace . we develop a ←
→ encoder - decoder with focus - mechanism for sequence labelling based spoken language understanding ; this paper investigates the framework of encoder - decoder with attention for sequence labelling based spoken language understanding . we introduce bidirectional long short term memory - long short term memory networks ( blstm - lstm ) as the encoder - decoder model to fully utilize the power of deep learning . in the sequence labelling task , the input and output sequences are aligned word by word , while the attention ←
→ upper bound of bayesian generalization error in non - negative matrix factorization ; non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is a new knowledge discovery method that is used for text mining , signal processing , bioinformatics , and consumer analysis . however , its basic property as a learning machine is not yet clarified , as it is not a regular statistical model , resulting that theoretical optimization method of nmf has not yet established . in this paper , we study the real log canonical threshold of nmf and g ←
→ spectral clustering based on local pca ; we propose a spectral clustering method based on local principal components analysis ( pca ). after performing local pca in selected neighborhoods , the algorithm builds a nearest neighbor graph weighted according to a discrepancy between the principal subspaces in the neighborhoods , and then applies spectral clustering . as opposed to standard spectral methods based solely on pairwise distances between points , our algorithm is able to resolve intersections . we establish ←
→ semantic part segmentation using compositional model combining shape and appearance ; in this paper , we study the problem of semantic part segmentation for animals . this is more challenging than standard object detection , object segmentation and pose estimation tasks because semantic parts of animals often have similar appearance and highly varying shapes . to tackle these challenges , we build a mixture of compositional models to represent the object boundary and the boundaries of semantic parts . and we in ←
→ online algorithms for factorization - based structure from motion ; we present a family of online algorithms for real - time factorization - based structure from motion , leveraging a relationship between incremental singular value decomposition and recently proposed methods for online matrix completion . our methods are orders of magnitude faster than previous state of the art , can handle missing data and a variable number of feature points , and are robust to noise and sparse outliers . we demonstrate our methods o ←
→ structured sparse ternary weight coding of deep neural networks for efficient hardware implementations ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) usually demand a large amount of operations for real - time inference . especially , fully - connected layers contain a large number of weights , thus they usually need many off - chip memory accesses for inference . we propose a weight compression method for deep neural networks , which allows values of + 1 or - 1 only at predetermined positions of the weights so that decoding using a t ←
→ incremental parser generation for tree adjoining grammars ; this paper describes the incremental generation of parse tables for the lr - type parsing of tree adjoining languages ( tals ). the algorithm presented handles modifications to the input grammar by updating the parser generated so far . in this paper , a lazy generation of lr - type parsers for tals is defined in which parse tables are created by need while parsing . we then describe an incremental parser generator for tals which responds to modification of ←
→ a constraint propagation approach to probabilistic reasoning ; the paper demonstrates that strict adherence to probability theory does not preclude the use of concurrent , self - activated constraint - propagation mechanisms for managing uncertainty . maintaining local records of sources - of - belief allows both predictive and diagnostic inferences to be activated simultaneously and propagate harmoniously towards a stable equilibrium .←
→ fast generation of best interval patterns for nonmonotonic constraints ; in pattern mining , the main challenge is the exponential explosion of the set of patterns . typically , to solve this problem , a constraint for pattern selection is introduced . one of the first constraints proposed in pattern mining is support ( frequency ) of a pattern in a dataset . frequency is an anti - monotonic function , i . e ., given an infrequent pattern , all its superpatterns are not frequent . however , many other constraints for patter ←
→ defensive universal learning with experts ; this paper shows how universal learning can be achieved with expert advice . to this aim , we specify an experts algorithm with the following characteristics : ( a ) it uses only feedback from the actions actually chosen ( bandit setup ), ( b ) it can be applied with countably infinite expert classes , and ( c ) it copes with losses that may grow in time appropriately slowly . we prove loss bounds against an adaptive adversary . from this , we obtain a master algorithm for " reac ←
→ development of a hindi lemmatizer ; we live in a translingual society , in order to communicate with people from different parts of the world we need to have an expertise in their respective languages . learning all these languages is not at all possible ; therefore we need a mechanism which can do this task for us . machine translators have emerged as a tool which can perform this task . in order to develop a machine translator we need to develop several different rules . the very first module that comes in mach ←
→ a hierarchical deep temporal model for group activity recognition ; in group activity recognition , the temporal dynamics of the whole activity can be inferred based on the dynamics of the individual people representing the activity . we build a deep model to capture these dynamics based on lstm ( long - short term memory ) models . to make use of these ob - servations , we present a 2 - stage deep temporal model for the group activity recognition problem . in our model , a lstm model is designed to represent action dyn ←
→ stochastic deconvolutional neural network ensemble training on generative pseudo - adversarial networks ; the training of generative adversarial networks is a difficult task mainly due to the nature of the networks . one such issue is when the generator and discriminator start oscillating , rather than converging to a fixed point . another case can be when one agent becomes more adept than the other which results in the decrease of the other agent ' s ability to learn , reducing the learning capacity of the syste ←
→ deepheart : semi - supervised sequence learning for cardiovascular risk prediction ; we train and validate a semi - supervised , multi - task lstm on 57 , 675 person - weeks of data from off - the - shelf wearable heart rate sensors , showing high accuracy at detecting multiple medical conditions , including diabetes ( 0 . 8451 ), high cholesterol ( 0 . 7441 ), high blood pressure ( 0 . 8086 ), and sleep apnea ( 0 . 8298 ). we compare two semi - supervised train - ing methods , semi - supervised sequence learning and heuristic pretraining , and ←
→ learning proximal operators : using denoising networks for regularizing inverse imaging problems ; while variational methods have been among the most powerful tools for solving linear inverse problems in imaging , deep ( convolutional ) neural networks have recently taken the lead in many challenging benchmarks . a remaining drawback of deep learning approaches is their requirement for an expensive retraining whenever the specific problem , the noise level , noise type , or desired measure of fidelity changes . on ←
→ canonical dual solutions to nonconvex radial basis neural network optimization problem ; radial basis functions neural networks ( rbfnns ) are tools widely used in regression problems . one of their principal drawbacks is that the formulation corresponding to the training with the supervision of both the centers and the weights is a highly non - convex optimization problem , which leads to some fundamentally difficulties for traditional optimization theory and methods . this paper presents a generalized canoni ←
→ locally linear representation for image clustering ; it is a key to construct a similarity graph in graph - oriented subspace learning and clustering . in a similarity graph , each vertex denotes a data point and the edge weight represents the similarity between two points . there are two popular schemes to construct a similarity graph , i . e ., pairwise distance based scheme and linear representation based scheme . most existing works have only involved one of the above schemes and suffered from some limitations . s ←
→ human pose estimation via convolutional part heatmap regression ; this paper is on human pose estimation using convolutional neural networks . our main contribution is a cnn cascaded architecture specifically designed for learning part relationships and spatial context , and robustly inferring pose even for the case of severe part occlusions . to this end , we propose a detection - followed - by - regression cnn cascade . the first part of our cascade outputs part detection heatmaps and the second part performs regres ←
→ a clearer picture of blind deconvolution ; blind deconvolution is the problem of recovering a sharp image and a blur kernel from a noisy blurry image . recently , there has been a significant effort on understanding the basic mechanisms to solve blind deconvolution . while this effort resulted in the deployment of effective algorithms , the theoretical findings generated contrasting views on why these approaches worked . on the one hand , one could observe experimentally that alternating energy minimization algor ←
→ predicting the future behavior of a time - varying probability distribution ; we study the problem of predicting the future , though only in the probabilistic sense of estimating a future state of a time - varying probability distribution . this is not only an interesting academic problem , but solving this extrapolation problem also has many practical application , e . g . for training classifiers that have to operate under time - varying conditions . our main contribution is a method for predicting the next step of t ←
→ a novel energy aware node clustering algorithm for wireless sensor networks using a modified artificial fish swarm algorithm ; clustering problems are considered amongst the prominent challenges in statistics and computational science . clustering of nodes in wireless sensor networks which is used to prolong the life - time of networks is one of the difficult tasks of clustering procedure . in order to perform nodes clustering , a number of nodes are determined as cluster heads and other ones are joined to one ←
→ 3d face reconstruction by learning from synthetic data ; fast and robust three - dimensional reconstruction of facial geometric structure from a single image is a challenging task with numerous applications . here , we introduce a learning - based approach for reconstructing a three - dimensional face from a single image . recent face recovery methods rely on accurate localization of key characteristic points . in contrast , the proposed approach is based on a convolutional - neural - network ( cnn ) which extracts the face ←
→ neighborhood filters and the decreasing rearrangement ; nonlocal filters are simple and powerful techniques for image denoising . in this paper , we give new insights into the analysis of one kind of them , the neighborhood filter , by using a classical although not very common transformation : the decreasing rearrangement of a function ( the image ). independently of the dimension of the image , we reformulate the neighborhood filter and its iterative variants as an integral operator defined in a one - dimensional s ←
→ text to 3d scene generation with rich lexical grounding ; the ability to map descriptions of scenes to 3d geometric representations has many applications in areas such as art , education , and robotics . however , prior work on the text to 3d scene generation task has used manually specified object categories and language that identifies them . we introduce a dataset of 3d scenes annotated with natural language descriptions and learn from this data how to ground textual descriptions to physical objects . our meth ←
→ autism spectrum disorder classification using graph kernels on multidimensional time series ; we present an approach to model time series data from resting state fmri for autism spectrum disorder ( asd ) severity classification . we propose to adopt kernel machines and employ graph kernels that define a kernel dot product between two graphs . this enables us to take advantage of spatio - temporal information to capture the dynamics of the brain network , as opposed to aggregating them in the spatial or temporal ←
→$ gen $ cnn : a convolutional architecture for word sequence prediction ; we propose a novel convolutional architecture , named $ gen $ cnn , for word sequence prediction . different from previous work on neural network - based language modeling and generation ( e . g ., rnn or lstm ), we choose not to greedily summarize the history of words as a fixed length vector . instead , we use a convolutional neural network to predict the next word with the history of words of variable length . also different from the existing feedforw ←
→ parallel multi channel convolution using general matrix multiplication ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have emerged as one of the most successful machine learning technologies for image and video processing . the most computationally intensive parts of cnns are the convolutional layers , which convolve multi - channel images with multiple kernels . a common approach to implementing convolutional layers is to expand the image into a column matrix ( im2col ) and perform multiple channel multiple kernel ( mcmk )←
→ training a probabilistic graphical model with resistive switching electronic synapses ; current large scale implementations of deep learning and data mining require thousands of processors , massive amounts of off - chip memory , and consume gigajoules of energy . emerging memory technologies such as nanoscale two - terminal resistive switching memory devices offer a compact , scalable and low power alternative that permits on - chip co - located processing and memory in fine - grain distributed parallel architecture . ←
→ faithful to the original : fact aware neural abstractive summarization ; unlike extractive summarization , abstractive summarization has to fuse different parts of the source text , which inclines to create fake facts . our preliminary study reveals nearly 30 % of the outputs from a state - of - the - art neural summarization system suffer from this problem . while previous abstractive summarization approaches usually focus on the improvement of informativeness , we argue that faithfulness is also a vital prerequisite f ←
→ mapping weblog communities ; websites of a particular class form increasingly complex networks , and new tools are needed to map and understand them . a way of visualizing this complex network is by mapping it . a map highlights which members of the community have similar interests , and reveals the underlying social network . in this paper , we will map a network of websites using kohonen ' s self - organizing map ( som ), a neural - net like method generally used for clustering and visualization of complex data sets . t ←
→ a computational study of genetic crossover operators for multi - objective vehicle routing problem with soft time windows ; the article describes an investigation of the effectiveness of genetic algorithms for multi - objective combinatorial optimization ( moco ) by presenting an application for the vehicle routing problem with soft time windows . the work is motivated by the question , if and how the problem structure influences the effectiveness of different configurations of the genetic algorithm . computationa ←
→ multiresolution kernel approximation for gaussian process regression ; gaussian process regression generally does not scale to beyond a few thousands data points without applying some sort of kernel approximation method . most approximations focus on the high eigenvalue part of the spectrum of the kernel matrix , $ k $, which leads to bad performance when the length scale of the kernel is small . in this paper we introduce multiresolution kernel approximation ( mka ), the first true broad bandwidth kernel approxim ←
→ a statistical model for aggregating judgments by incorporating peer predictions ; we propose a probabilistic model to aggregate the answers of respondents answering multiple - choice questions . the model does not assume that everyone has access to the same information , and so does not assume that the consensus answer is correct . instead , it infers the most probable world state , even if only a minority vote for it . each respondent is modeled as receiving a signal contingent on the actual world state , and as ←
→ variational inducing kernels for sparse convolved multiple output gaussian processes ; interest in multioutput kernel methods is increasing , whether under the guise of multitask learning , multisensor networks or structured output data . from the gaussian process perspective a multioutput mercer kernel is a covariance function over correlated output functions . one way of constructing such kernels is based on convolution processes ( cp ). a key problem for this approach is efficient inference . alvarez and lawr ←
→ connotation frames : a data - driven investigation ; through a particular choice of a predicate ( e . g ., " x violated y "), a writer can subtly connote a range of implied sentiments and presupposed facts about the entities x and y : ( 1 ) writer ' s perspective : projecting x as an " antagonist " and y as a " victim ", ( 2 ) entities ' perspective : y probably dislikes x , ( 3 ) effect : something bad happened to y , ( 4 ) value : y is something valuable , and ( 5 ) mental state : y is distressed by the event . we introduce connotation frame ←
→ spatio - temporal variation of conversational utterances on twitter ; conversations reflect the existing norms of a language . previously , we found that utterance lengths in english fictional conversations in books and movies have shortened over a period of 200 years . in this work , we show that this shortening occurs even for a brief period of 3 years ( september 2009 - december 2012 ) using 229 million utterances from twitter . furthermore , the subset of geographically - tagged tweets from the united states show an ←
→ leveraging textual features for best answer prediction in community - based question answering ; this paper addresses the problem of determining the best answer in community - based question answering ( cqa ) websites by focussing on the content . in particular , we present a system , acqua [ http :// acqua . kmi . open . ac . uk ], that can be installed onto the majority of browsers as a plugin . the service offers a seamless and accurate prediction of the answer to be accepted . previous research on this topic relies on the e ←
→ qualitative reasoning about relative direction on adjustable levels of granularity ; an important issue in qualitative spatial reasoning is the representation of relative direction . in this paper we present simple geometric rules that enable reasoning about relative direction between oriented points . this framework , the oriented point algebra opra_m , has a scalable granularity m . we develop a simple algorithm for computing the opra_m composition tables and prove its correctness . using a composition table ,←
→ automatic face image quality prediction ; face image quality can be defined as a measure of the utility of a face image to automatic face recognition . in this work , we propose ( and compare ) two methods for automatic face image quality based on target face quality values from ( i ) human assessments of face image quality ( matcher - independent ), and ( ii ) quality values computed from similarity scores ( matcher - dependent ). a support vector regression model trained on face features extracted using a deep convolutio ←
→ modeling preference time in middle distance triathlons ; modeling preference time in triathlons means predicting the intermediate times of particular sports disciplines by a given overall finish time in a specific triathlon course for the athlete with the known personal best result . this is a hard task for athletes and sport trainers due to a lot of different factors that need to be taken into account , e . g ., athlete ' s abilities , health , mental preparations and even their current sports form . so far , this pr ←
→ malaria likelihood prediction by effectively surveying households using deep reinforcement learning ; we build a deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) agent that can predict the likelihood of an individual testing positive for malaria by asking questions about their household . the rl agent learns to determine which survey question to ask next and when to stop to make a prediction about their likelihood of malaria based on their responses hitherto . the agent incurs a small penalty for each question asked , and a ←
→ information pursuit : a bayesian framework for sequential scene parsing ; despite enormous progress in object detection and classification , the problem of incorporating expected contextual relationships among object instances into modern recognition systems remains a key challenge . in this work we propose information pursuit , a bayesian framework for scene parsing that combines prior models for the geometry of the scene and the spatial arrangement of objects instances with a data model for the output of high ←
→ the nonparanormal : semiparametric estimation of high dimensional undirected graphs ; recent methods for estimating sparse undirected graphs for real - valued data in high dimensional problems rely heavily on the assumption of normality . we show how to use a semiparametric gaussian copula -- or " nonparanormal "-- for high dimensional inference . just as additive models extend linear models by replacing linear functions with a set of one - dimensional smooth functions , the nonparanormal extends the normal by transfo ←
→ learning with pseudo - ensembles ; we formalize the notion of a pseudo - ensemble , a ( possibly infinite ) collection of child models spawned from a parent model by perturbing it according to some noise process . e . g ., dropout ( hinton et . al , 2012 ) in a deep neural network trains a pseudo - ensemble of child subnetworks generated by randomly masking nodes in the parent network . we present a novel regularizer based on making the behavior of a pseudo - ensemble robust with respect to the noise process generating it . in ←
→ the video genome ; fast evolution of internet technologies has led to an explosive growth of video data available in the public domain and created unprecedented challenges in the analysis , organization , management , and control of such content . the problems encountered in video analysis such as identifying a video in a large database ( e . g . detecting pirated content in youtube ), putting together video fragments , finding similarities and common ancestry between different versions of a video , have analogous cou ←
→ a soft computing model for physicians ' decision process ; in this paper the author presents a kind of soft computing technique , mainly an application of fuzzy set theory of prof . zadeh [ 16 ], on a problem of medical experts systems . the choosen problem is on design of a physician ' s decision model which can take crisp as well as fuzzy data as input , unlike the traditional models . the author presents a mathematical model based on fuzzy set theory for physician aided evaluation of a complete representation of i ←
→ rankiqa : learning from rankings for no - reference image quality assessment ; we propose a no - reference image quality assessment ( nr - iqa ) approach that learns from rankings ( rankiqa ). to address the problem of limited iqa dataset size , we train a siamese network to rank images in terms of image quality by using synthetically generated distortions for which relative image quality is known . these ranked image sets can be automatically generated without laborious human labeling . we then use fine - tuning to tran ←
→ multi - context models for reasoning under partial knowledge : generative process and inference grammar ; arriving at the complete probabilistic knowledge of a domain , i . e ., learning how all variables interact , is indeed a demanding task . in reality , settings often arise for which an individual merely possesses partial knowledge of the domain , and yet , is expected to give adequate answers to a variety of posed queries . that is , although precise answers to some queries , in principle , cannot be achieved , a ran ←
→ mentornet : regularizing very deep neural networks on corrupted labels ; recent studies have discovered that deep networks are capable of memorizing the entire data even when the labels are completely random . since deep models are trained on big data where labels are often noisy , the ability to overfit noise can lead to poor performance . to overcome the overfitting on corrupted training data , we propose a novel technique to regularize deep networks in the data dimension . this is achieved by learning a neural ←
→ optimal neuron selection : nk echo state networks for reinforcement learning ; this paper introduces the nk echo state network . the problem of learning in the nk echo state network is reduced to the problem of optimizing a special form of a spin glass problem known as an nk landscape . no weight adjustment is used ; all learning is accomplished by spinning up ( turning on ) or spinning down ( turning off ) neurons in order to find a combination of neurons that work together to achieve the desired computation . fo ←
→ deep clustering and conventional networks for music separation : stronger together ; deep clustering is the first method to handle general audio separation scenarios with multiple sources of the same type and an arbitrary number of sources , performing impressively in speaker - independent speech separation tasks . however , little is known about its effectiveness in other challenging situations such as music source separation . contrary to conventional networks that directly estimate the source signals , deep cl ←
→ deep learning for ontology reasoning ; in this work , we present a novel approach to ontology reasoning that is based on deep learning rather than logic - based formal reasoning . to this end , we introduce a new model for statistical relational learning that is built upon deep recursive neural networks , and give experimental evidence that it can easily compete with , or even outperform , existing logic - based reasoners on the task of ontology reasoning . more precisely , we compared our implemented system with one o ←
→ a restricted visual turing test for deep scene and event understanding ; this paper presents a restricted visual turing test ( vtt ) for story - line based deep understanding in long - term and multi - camera captured videos . given a set of videos of a scene ( such as a multi - room office , a garden , and a parking lot .) and a sequence of story - line based queries , the task is to provide answers either simply in binary form " true / false " ( to a polar query ) or in an accurate natural language description ( to a non - polar qu ←
→ a non - parametric mixture model for topic modeling over time ; a single , stationary topic model such as latent dirichlet allocation is inappropriate for modeling corpora that span long time periods , as the popularity of topics is likely to change over time . a number of models that incorporate time have been proposed , but in general they either exhibit limited forms of temporal variation , or require computationally expensive inference methods . in this paper we propose non - parametric topics over time ( nptot ), ←
→ iterate averaging as regularization for stochastic gradient descent ; we propose and analyze a variant of the classic polyak - ruppert averaging scheme , broadly used in stochastic gradient methods . rather than a uniform average of the iterates , we consider a weighted average , with weights decaying in a geometric fashion . in the context of linear least squares regression , we show that this averaging scheme has a the same regularizing effect , and indeed is asymptotically equivalent , to ridge regression . in part ←
→ capturing knowledge of user preferences : ontologies on recommender systems ; tools for filtering the world wide web exist , but they are hampered by the difficulty of capturing user preferences in such a dynamic environment . we explore the acquisition of user profiles by unobtrusive monitoring of browsing behaviour and application of supervised machine - learning techniques coupled with an ontological representation to extract user preferences . a multi - class approach to paper classification is used , allowing ←
→ stable distribution alignment using the dual of the adversarial distance ; methods that align distributions by minimizing an adversarial distance between them have recently achieved impressive results . however , these approaches are difficult to optimize with gradient descent and they often do not converge well without careful hyperparameter tuning and proper initialization . we investigate whether turning the adversarial min - max problem into an optimization problem by replacing the maximization part with its ←
→ supervised hierarchical classification for student answer scoring ; this paper describes a hierarchical system that predicts one label at a time for automated student response analysis . for the task , we build a classification binary tree that delays more easily confused labels to later stages using hierarchical processes . in particular , the paper describes how the hierarchical classifier has been built and how the classification task has been broken down into binary subtasks . it finally discusses the motiva ←
→ evaluation of the performance of the markov blanket bayesian classifier algorithm ; the markov blanket bayesian classifier is a recently - proposed algorithm for construction of probabilistic classifiers . this paper presents an empirical comparison of the mbbc algorithm with three other bayesian classifiers : naive bayes , tree - augmented naive bayes and a general bayesian network . all of these are implemented using the k2 framework of cooper and herskovits . the classifiers are compared in terms of their perfo ←
→ suffix stripping problem as an optimization problem ; stemming or suffix stripping , an important part of the modern information retrieval systems , is to find the root word ( stem ) out of a given cluster of words . existing algorithms targeting this problem have been developed in a haphazard manner . in this work , we model this problem as an optimization problem . an integer program is being developed to overcome the shortcomings of the existing approaches . the sample results of the proposed method are also bein ←
→ contrastive feature induction for efficient structure learning of conditional random fields ; structure learning of conditional random fields ( crfs ) can be cast into an l1 - regularized optimization problem . to avoid optimizing over a fully linked model , gain - based or gradient - based feature selection methods start from an empty model and incrementally add top ranked features to it . however , for high - dimensional problems like statistical relational learning , training time of these incremental methods can be ←
→ efficient contextual bandits in non - stationary worlds ; most contextual bandit algorithms minimize regret against the best fixed policy , a questionable benchmark for non - stationary environments that are ubiquitous in applications . in this work , we develop several efficient contextual bandit algorithms for non - stationary environments by equipping existing methods for i . i . d . problems with sophisticated statistical tests so as to dynamically adapt to a change in distribution . we analyze various standard noti ←
→ query - free clothing retrieval via implicit relevance feedback ; image - based clothing retrieval is receiving increasing interest with the growth of online shopping . in practice , users may often have a desired piece of clothing in mind ( e . g ., either having seen it before on the street or requiring certain specific clothing attributes ) but may be unable to supply an image as a query . we model this problem as a new type of image retrieval task in which the target image resides only in the user ' s mind ( called " m ←
→ bird species categorization using pose normalized deep convolutional nets ; we propose an architecture for fine - grained visual categorization that approaches expert human performance in the classification of bird species . our architecture first computes an estimate of the object ' s pose ; this is used to compute local image features which are , in turn , used for classification . the features are computed by applying deep convolutional nets to image patches that are located and normalized by the pose . we perfo ←
→ multimodal approach for video surveillance indexing and retrieval ; in this paper , we present an overview of a multimodal system to indexing and searching video sequence by the content that has been developed within the regimvid project . a large part of our system has been developed as part of trecvideo evaluation . the mavsir platform provides high - level feature extraction from audio - visual content and concept / event - based video retrieval . we illustrate the architecture of the system as well as provide an ov ←
→ exact learning of rna energy parameters from structure ; we consider the problem of exact learning of parameters of a linear rna energy model from secondary structure data . a necessary and sufficient condition for learnability of parameters is derived , which is based on computing the convex hull of union of translated newton polytopes of input sequences . the set of learned energy parameters is characterized as the convex cone generated by the normal vectors to those facets of the resulting polytope that are ←
→ less is more : a comprehensive framework for the number of components of ensemble classifiers ; the number of component classifiers chosen for an ensemble has a great impact on its prediction ability . in this paper , we use a geometric framework for a priori determining the ensemble size , applicable to most of the existing batch and online ensemble classifiers . there are only a limited number of studies on the ensemble size considering majority voting ( mv ) and weighted majority voting ( wmv ). almost all of t ←
→ a united image force for deformable models and direct transforming geometric active contorus to snakes by level sets ; a uniform distribution of the image force field around the object fasts the convergence speed of the segmentation process . however , to achieve this aim , it causes the force constructed from the heat diffusion model unable to indicate the object boundaries accurately . the image force based on electrostatic field model can perform an exact shape recovery . first , this study introduces a fusi ←
→ self - supervised damage - avoiding manipulation strategy optimization via mental simulation ; everyday robotics are challenged to deal with autonomous product handling in applications like logistics or retail , possibly causing damage on the items during manipulation . traditionally , most approaches try to minimize physical interaction with goods . however , we propose to take into account any unintended motion of objects in the scene and to learn manipulation strategies in a self - supervised way which minimize t ←
→ selecting the best player formation for corner - kick situations based on bayes ' estimation ; in the domain of the soccer simulation 2d league of the robocup project , appropriate player positioning against a given opponent team is an important factor of soccer team performance . this work proposes a model which decides the strategy that should be applied regarding a particular opponent team . this task can be realized by applying preliminary a learning phase where the model determines the most effective strat ←
→ effective enabling of sharing and reuse of knowledge on semantic web by ontology in date fruit model ; since organizations have recognized that knowledge constitutes a valuable intangible asset for creating and sustaining competitive advantages , knowledge sharing has a vital role in present society . it is an activity through which information is exchanged among people through different media . many problems face the area of knowledge sharing and knowledge reuse . currently , knowledge sharing between entitie ←
→ distributed representations of sentences and documents ; many machine learning algorithms require the input to be represented as a fixed - length feature vector . when it comes to texts , one of the most common fixed - length features is bag - of - words . despite their popularity , bag - of - words features have two major weaknesses : they lose the ordering of the words and they also ignore semantics of the words . for example , " powerful ," " strong " and " paris " are equally distant . in this paper , we propose paragraph vector ,←
→ universal representations : the missing link between faces , text , planktons , and cat breeds ; with the advent of large labelled datasets and high - capacity models , the performance of machine vision systems has been improving rapidly . however , the technology has still major limitations , starting from the fact that different vision problems are still solved by different models , trained from scratch or fine - tuned on the target data . the human visual system , in stark contrast , learns a universal representation f ←
→ invariance of visual operations at the level of receptive fields ; receptive field profiles registered by cell recordings have shown that mammalian vision has developed receptive fields tuned to different sizes and orientations in the image domain as well as to different image velocities in space - time . this article presents a theoretical model by which families of idealized receptive field profiles can be derived mathematically from a small set of basic assumptions that correspond to structural properties o ←
→ learning chinese word representations from glyphs of characters ; in this paper , we propose new methods to learn chinese word representations . chinese characters are composed of graphical components , which carry rich semantics . it is common for a chinese learner to comprehend the meaning of a word from these graphical components . as a result , we propose models that enhance word representations by character glyphs . the character glyph features are directly learned from the bitmaps of characters by convolutio ←
→ chemical - protein relation extraction with ensembles of svm , cnn , and rnn models ; text mining the relations between chemicals and proteins is an increasingly important task . the chemprot track at biocreative vi aims to promote the development and evaluation of systems that can automatically detect the chemical - protein relations in running text ( pubmed abstracts ). this manuscript describes our submission , which is an ensemble of three systems , including a support vector machine , a convolutional neural netw ←
→ pixelsnail : an improved autoregressive generative model ; autoregressive generative models consistently achieve the best results in density estimation tasks involving high dimensional data , such as images or audio . they pose density estimation as a sequence modeling task , where a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) models the conditional distribution over the next element conditioned on all previous elements . in this paradigm , the bottleneck is the extent to which the rnn can model long - range dependencies , and t ←
→ automated tumor segmentation and brain mapping for the tumor area ; magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) is an important diagnostic tool for precise detection of various pathologies . magnetic resonance ( mr ) is more preferred than computed tomography ( ct ) due to the high resolution in mr images which help in better detection of neurological conditions . graphical user interface ( gui ) aided disease detection has become increasingly useful due to the increasing workload of doctors . in this proposed work , a novel tw ←
→ breaking the news : first impressions matter on online news ; a growing number of people are changing the way they consume news , replacing the traditional physical newspapers and magazines by their virtual online versions or / and weblogs . the interactivity and immediacy present in online news are changing the way news are being produced and exposed by media corporations . news websites have to create effective strategies to catch people ' s attention and attract their clicks . in this paper we investigate possibl ←
→ a novel approach for phase identification in smart grids using graph theory and principal component analysis ; consumers with low demand , like households , are generally supplied single - phase power by connecting their service mains to one of the phases of a distribution transformer . the distribution companies face the problem of keeping a record of consumer connectivity to a phase due to uninformed changes that happen . the exact phase connectivity information is important for the efficient operation and co ←
→ using cma - es for tuning coupled pid controllers within models of combustion engines ; proportional integral derivative ( pid ) controllers are important and widely used tools in system control . tuning of the controller gains is a laborious task , especially for complex systems such as combustion engines . to minimize the time of an engineer for tuning of the gains in a simulation software , we propose to formulate a part of the problem as a black - box optimization task . in this paper , we summarize the propertie ←
→ introduction to the conll - 2003 shared task : language - independent named entity recognition ; we describe the conll - 2003 shared task : language - independent named entity recognition . we give background information on the data sets ( english and german ) and the evaluation method , present a general overview of the systems that have taken part in the task and discuss their performance .←
→ probabilistic model - based approach for heart beat detection ; nowadays , hospitals are ubiquitous and integral to modern society . patients flow in and out of a veritable whirlwind of paperwork , consultations , and potential inpatient admissions , through an abstracted system that is not without flaws . one of the biggest flaws in the medical system is perhaps an unexpected one : the patient alarm system . one longitudinal study reported an 88 . 8 % rate of false alarms , with other studies reporting numbers of simila ←
→ optimal rates for learning with nyström stochastic gradient methods ; in the setting of nonparametric regression , we propose and study a combination of stochastic gradient methods with nystr \" om subsampling , allowing multiple passes over the data and mini - batches . generalization error bounds for the studied algorithm are provided . particularly , optimal learning rates are derived considering different possible choices of the step - size , the mini - batch size , the number of iterations / passes , and the subsampling ←
→ unsupervised induction of contingent event pairs from film scenes ; human engagement in narrative is partially driven by reasoning about discourse relations between narrative events , and the expectations about what is likely to happen next that results from such reasoning . researchers in nlp have tackled modeling such expectations from a range of perspectives , including treating it as the inference of the contingent discourse relation , or as a type of common - sense causal reasoning . our approach is to model ←
→ deep sparse coding for invariant multimodal halle berry neurons ; deep feed - forward convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have become ubiquitous in virtually all machine learning and computer vision challenges ; however , advancements in cnns have arguably reached an engineering saturation point where incremental novelty results in minor performance gains . although there is evidence that object classification has reached human levels on narrowly defined tasks , for general applications , the biological visual sy ←
→ the wildtrack multi - camera person dataset ; people detection methods are highly sensitive to the perpetual occlusions among the targets . as multi - camera set - ups become more frequently encountered , joint exploitation of the across views information would allow for improved detection performances . we provide a large - scale hd dataset named wildtrack which finally makes advanced deep learning methods applicable to this problem . the seven - static - camera set - up captures realistic and challenging scenarios of walki ←
→ an unexpected unity among methods for interpreting model predictions ; understanding why a model made a certain prediction is crucial in many data science fields . interpretable predictions engender appropriate trust and provide insight into how the model may be improved . however , with large modern datasets the best accuracy is often achieved by complex models even experts struggle to interpret , which creates a tension between accuracy and interpretability . recently , several methods have been proposed for in ←
→ look - ahead attention for generation in neural machine translation ; the attention model has become a standard component in neural machine translation ( nmt ) and it guides translation process by selectively focusing on parts of the source sentence when predicting each target word . however , we find that the generation of a target word does not only depend on the source sentence , but also rely heavily on the previous generated target words , especially the distant words which are difficult to model by using recu ←
→ query - aware sparse coding for multi - video summarization ; given the explosive growth of online videos , it is becoming increasingly important to relieve the tedious work of browsing and managing the video content of interest . video summarization aims at providing such a technique by transforming one or multiple videos into a compact one . however , conventional multi - video summarization methods often fail to produce satisfying results as they ignore the user ' s search intent . to this end , this paper proposes a ←
→ from deep to shallow : transformations of deep rectifier networks ; in this paper , we introduce transformations of deep rectifier networks , enabling the conversion of deep rectifier networks into shallow rectifier networks . we subsequently prove that any rectifier net of any depth can be represented by a maximum of a number of functions that can be realized by a shallow network with a single hidden layer . the transformations of both deep rectifier nets and deep residual nets are conducted to demonstrate the ←
→ nearly tight bounds on $\ ell_1 $ approximation of self - bounding functions ; we study the complexity of learning and approximation of self - bounding functions over the uniform distribution on the boolean hypercube ${ 0 , 1 }^ n $. informally , a function $ f :{ 0 , 1 }^ n \ rightarrow \ mathbb { r }$ is self - bounding if for every $ x \ in { 0 , 1 }^ n $, $ f ( x )$ upper bounds the sum of all the $ n $ marginal decreases in the value of the function at $ x $. self - bounding functions include such well - known classes of functions as submodular and ←
→ simple algorithm portfolio for sat ; the importance of algorithm portfolio techniques for sat has long been noted , and a number of very successful systems have been devised , including the most successful one --- satzilla . however , all these systems are quite complex ( to understand , reimplement , or modify ). in this paper we propose a new algorithm portfolio for sat that is extremely simple , but in the same time so efficient that it outperforms satzilla . for a new sat instance to be solved , our portfolio find ←
→ a network - based end - to - end trainable task - oriented dialogue system ; teaching machines to accomplish tasks by conversing naturally with humans is challenging . currently , developing task - oriented dialogue systems requires creating multiple components and typically this involves either a large amount of handcrafting , or acquiring costly labelled datasets to solve a statistical learning problem for each component . in this work we introduce a neural network - based text - in , text - out end - to - end trainable goal - orie ←
→ algorithms for irrelevance - based partial maps ; irrelevance - based partial maps are useful constructs for domain - independent explanation using belief networks . we look at two definitions for such partial maps , and prove important properties that are useful in designing algorithms for computing them effectively . we make use of these properties in modifying our standard map best - first algorithm , so as to handle irrelevance - based partial maps .←
→ an analysis of scale invariance in object detection - snip ; an analysis of different techniques for recognizing and detecting objects under extreme scale variation is presented . scale specific and scale invariant design of detectors are compared by training them with different configurations of input data . to examine if upsampling images is necessary for detecting small objects , we evaluate the performance of different network architectures for classifying small objects on imagenet . based on this analysis ,←
→ a monte carlo aixi approximation ; this paper introduces a principled approach for the design of a scalable general reinforcement learning agent . our approach is based on a direct approximation of aixi , a bayesian optimality notion for general reinforcement learning agents . previously , it has been unclear whether the theory of aixi could motivate the design of practical algorithms . we answer this hitherto open question in the affirmative , by providing the first computationally feasible approximation to the ←
→ the randomized dependence coefficient ; we introduce the randomized dependence coefficient ( rdc ), a measure of non - linear dependence between random variables of arbitrary dimension based on the hirschfeld - gebelein - r \' enyi maximum correlation coefficient . rdc is defined in terms of correlation of random non - linear copula projections ; it is invariant with respect to marginal distribution transformations , has low computational cost and is easy to implement : just five lines of r code , included at the end of the ←
→ practice in synonym extraction at large scale ; synonym extraction is an important task in natural language processing and often used as a submodule in query expansion , question answering and other applications . automatic synonym extractor is highly preferred for large scale applications . previous studies in synonym extraction are most limited to small scale datasets . in this paper , we build a large dataset with 3 . 4 million synonym / non - synonym pairs to capture the challenges in real world scenarios . we prop ←
→ automated sub - cortical brain structure segmentation combining spatial and deep convolutional features ; sub - cortical brain structure segmentation in magnetic resonance images ( mri ) has attracted the interest of the research community for a long time because morphological changes in these structures are related to different neurodegenerative disorders . however , manual segmentation of these structures can be tedious and prone to variability , highlighting the need for robust automated segmentation methods . i ←
→ generalized probabilistic bisection for stochastic root - finding ; we consider numerical schemes for root finding of noisy responses through generalizing the probabilistic bisection algorithm ( pba ) to the more practical context where the sampling distribution is unknown and location - dependent . as in standard pba , we rely on a knowledge state for the approximate posterior of the root location . to implement the corresponding bayesian updating , we also carry out inference of oracle accuracy , namely learning the ←
→ logical fuzzy preferences ; we present a unified logical framework for representing and reasoning about both quantitative and qualitative preferences in fuzzy answer set programming , called fuzzy answer set optimization programs . the proposed framework is vital to allow defining quantitative preferences over the possible outcomes of qualitative preferences . we show the application of fuzzy answer set optimization programs to the course scheduling with fuzzy preferences problem . to the best of our knowledge ,←
→ learnings options end - to - end for continuous action tasks ; we present new results on learning temporally extended actions for continuoustasks , using the options framework ( suttonet al .[ 1999b ], precup [ 2000 ]). in orderto achieve this goal we work with the option - critic architecture ( baconet al .[ 2017 ]) using a deliberation cost and train it with proximal policy optimization ( schulmanet al .[ 2017 ]) instead of vanilla policy gradient . results on mujoco domains arepromising , but lead to interesting questions about ←
→ time series learning using monotonic logical properties ; we propose a new paradigm for time - series learning where users implicitly specify families of signal shapes by choosing monotonic parameterized signal predicates . these families of predicates ( also called specifications ) can be seen as infinite boolean feature vectors , that are able to leverage a user ' s domain expertise and have the property that as the parameter values increase , the specification becomes easier to satisfy . in the presence of multipl ←
→ algorithms for learning kernels based on centered alignment ; this paper presents new and effective algorithms for learning kernels . in particular , as shown by our empirical results , these algorithms consistently outperform the so - called uniform combination solution that has proven to be difficult to improve upon in the past , as well as other algorithms for learning kernels based on convex combinations of base kernels in both classification and regression . our algorithms are based on the notion of centered ←
→ drone - based object counting by spatially regularized regional proposal network ; existing counting methods often adopt regression - based approaches and cannot precisely localize the target objects , which hinders the further analysis ( e . g ., high - level understanding and fine - grained classification ). in addition , most of prior work mainly focus on counting objects in static environments with fixed cameras . motivated by the advent of unmanned flying vehicles ( i . e ., drones ), we are interested in detecting and c ←
→ refinenet : multi - path refinement networks for high - resolution semantic segmentation ; recently , very deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have shown outstanding performance in object recognition and have also been the first choice for dense classification problems such as semantic segmentation . however , repeated subsampling operations like pooling or convolution striding in deep cnns lead to a significant decrease in the initial image resolution . here , we present refinenet , a generic multi - path refin ←
→ a linear extrinsic calibration of kaleidoscopic imaging system from single 3d point ; this paper proposes a new extrinsic calibration of kaleidoscopic imaging system by estimating normals and distances of the mirrors . the problem to be solved in this paper is a simultaneous estimation of all mirror parameters consistent throughout multiple reflections . unlike conventional methods utilizing a pair of direct and mirrored images of a reference 3d object to estimate the parameters on a per - mirror basis , our m ←
→ mit - qcri arabic dialect identification system for the 2017 multi - genre broadcast challenge ; in order to successfully annotate the arabic speech con - tent found in open - domain media broadcasts , it is essential to be able to process a diverse set of arabic dialects . for the 2017 multi - genre broadcast challenge ( mgb - 3 ) there were two possible tasks : arabic speech recognition , and arabic dialect identification ( adi ). in this paper , we describe our efforts to create an adi system for the mgb - 3 challenge , with ←
→ towards interrogating discriminative machine learning models ; it is oftentimes impossible to understand how machine learning models reach a decision . while recent research has proposed various technical approaches to provide some clues as to how a learning model makes individual decisions , they cannot provide users with ability to inspect a learning model as a complete entity . in this work , we propose a new technical approach that augments a bayesian regression mixture model with multiple elastic nets . usi ←
→ model - free imitation learning with policy optimization ; in imitation learning , an agent learns how to behave in an environment with an unknown cost function by mimicking expert demonstrations . existing imitation learning algorithms typically involve solving a sequence of planning or reinforcement learning problems . such algorithms are therefore not directly applicable to large , high - dimensional environments , and their performance can significantly degrade if the planning problems are not solved to optimali ←
→ per - pixel feedback for improving semantic segmentation ; semantic segmentation is the task of assigning a label to each pixel in the image . in recent years , deep convolutional neural networks have been driving advances in multiple tasks related to cognition . although , dcnns have resulted in unprecedented visual recognition performances , they offer little transparency . to understand how dcnn based models work at the task of semantic segmentation , we try to analyze the dcnn models in semantic segmentation . we ←
→ proceedings of the fourteenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 1998 ) ; this is the proceedings of the fourteenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in madison , wi , july 24 - 26 , 1998 ←
→ constrained deep transfer feature learning and its applications ; feature learning with deep models has achieved impressive results for both data representation and classification for various vision tasks . deep feature learning , however , typically requires a large amount of training data , which may not be feasible for some application domains . transfer learning can be one of the approaches to alleviate this problem by transferring data from data - rich source domain to data - scarce target domain . existing tran ←
→ optimizing neural networks in the equivalent class space ; it has been widely observed that many activation functions and pooling methods of neural network models have ( positive -) rescaling - invariant property , including relu , prelu , max - pooling , and average pooling , which makes fully - connected neural networks ( fnns ) and convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) invariant to ( positive ) rescaling operation across layers . this may cause unneglectable problems with their optimization : ( 1 ) different nn models could b ←
→ infinite sparse structured factor analysis ; matrix factorisation methods decompose multivariate observations as linear combinations of latent feature vectors . the indian buffet process ( ibp ) provides a way to model the number of latent features required for a good approximation in terms of regularised reconstruction error . previous work has focussed on latent feature vectors with independent entries . we extend the model to include nondiagonal latent covariance structures representing characteristics such a ←
→ multi - label segmentation via residual - driven adaptive regularization ; we present a variational multi - label segmentation algorithm based on a robust huber loss for both the data and the regularizer , minimized within a convex optimization framework . we introduce a novel constraint on the common areas , to bias the solution towards mutually exclusive regions . we also propose a regularization scheme that is adapted to the spatial statistics of the residual at each iteration , resulting in a varying degree of reg ←
→ the improvement of negative sentences translation in english - to - korean machine translation ; this paper describes the algorithm for translating english negative sentences into korean in english - korean machine translation ( ekmt ). the proposed algorithm is based on the comparative study of english and korean negative sentences . the earlier translation software cannot translate english negative sentences into accurate korean equivalents . we established a new algorithm for the negative sentence translation an ←
→ optimal convergence for distributed learning with stochastic gradient methods and spectral - regularization algorithms ; we study generalization properties of distributed algorithms in the setting of nonparametric regression over a reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ). we first investigate distributed stochastic gradient methods ( sgm ), with mini - batches and multi - passes over the data . we show that optimal generalization error bounds can be retained for distributed sgm provided that the partition level is ←
→ navigational rule derivation : an algorithm to determine the effect of traffic signs on road networks ; in this paper we present an algorithm to build a road network map enriched with traffic rules such as one - way streets and forbidden turns , based on the interpretation of already detected and classified traffic signs . such algorithm helps to automatize the elaboration of maps for commercial navigation systems . our solution is based on simulating navigation along the road network , determining at each point ←
→ large - scale sparse principal component analysis with application to text data ; sparse pca provides a linear combination of small number of features that maximizes variance across data . although sparse pca has apparent advantages compared to pca , such as better interpretability , it is generally thought to be computationally much more expensive . in this paper , we demonstrate the surprising fact that sparse pca can be easier than pca in practice , and that it can be reliably applied to very large data sets . ←
→ a hybrid approach for secured optimal power flow and voltage stability with tcsc placement ; this paper proposes a hybrid technique for secured optimal power flow coupled with enhancing voltage stability with facts device installation . the hybrid approach of improved gravitational search algorithm ( igsa ) and firefly algorithm ( fa ) performance is analyzed by optimally placing tcsc controller . the algorithm is implemented in matlab working platform and the power flow security and voltage stability is evalua ←
→ warped convolutions : efficient invariance to spatial transformations ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are extremely efficient , since they exploit the inherent translation - invariance of natural images . however , translation is just one of a myriad of useful spatial transformations . can the same efficiency be attained when considering other spatial invariances ? such generalized convolutions have been considered in the past , but at a high computational cost . we present a construction that is simple and ex ←
→ fully convolutional architectures for multi - class segmentation in chest radiographs ; the success of deep convolutional neural networks on image classification and recognition tasks has led to new applications in very diversified contexts , including the field of medical imaging . in this paper we investigate and propose neural network architectures for automated multi - class segmentation of anatomical organs in chest radiographs , namely for lungs , clavicles and heart . we address several open challenges incl ←
→ normalized hierarchical svm ; we present improved methods of using structured svms in a large - scale hierarchical classification problem , that is when labels are leaves , or sets of leaves , in a tree or a dag . we examine the need to normalize both the regularization and the margin and show how doing so significantly improves performance , including allowing achieving state - of - the - art results where unnormalized structured svms do not perform better than flat models . we also describe a further extension of hiera ←
→ top - down induction of clustering trees ; an approach to clustering is presented that adapts the basic top - down induction of decision trees method towards clustering . to this aim , it employs the principles of instance based learning . the resulting methodology is implemented in the tic ( top down induction of clustering trees ) system for first order clustering . the tic system employs the first order logical decision tree representation of the inductive logic programming system tilde . various experiments with t ←
→ bisimulations for fuzzy transition systems ; there has been a long history of using fuzzy language equivalence to compare the behavior of fuzzy systems , but the comparison at this level is too coarse . recently , a finer behavioral measure , bisimulation , has been introduced to fuzzy finite automata . however , the results obtained are applicable only to finite - state systems . in this paper , we consider bisimulation for general fuzzy systems which may be infinite - state or infinite - event , by modeling them as fuzzy ←
→ state of the art control of atari games using shallow reinforcement learning ; the recently introduced deep q - networks ( dqn ) algorithm has gained attention as one of the first successful combinations of deep neural networks and reinforcement learning . its promise was demonstrated in the arcade learning environment ( ale ), a challenging framework composed of dozens of atari 2600 games used to evaluate general competency in ai . it achieved dramatically better results than earlier approaches , showing that its ←
→ yelp dataset challenge : review rating prediction ; review websites , such as tripadvisor and yelp , allow users to post online reviews for various businesses , products and services , and have been recently shown to have a significant influence on consumer shopping behaviour . an online review typically consists of free - form text and a star rating out of 5 . the problem of predicting a user ' s star rating for a product , given the user ' s text review for that product , is called review rating prediction and has latel ←
→ a latent variable model for two - dimensional canonical correlation analysis and its variational inference ; describing the dimension reduction ( dr ) techniques by means of probabilistic models has recently been given special attention . probabilistic models , in addition to a better interpretability of the dr methods , provide a framework for further extensions of such algorithms . one of the new approaches to the probabilistic dr methods is to preserving the internal structure of data . it is meant that it is n ←
→ guetzli : perceptually guided jpeg encoder ; guetzli is a new jpeg encoder that aims to produce visually indistinguishable images at a lower bit - rate than other common jpeg encoders . it optimizes both the jpeg global quantization tables and the dct coefficient values in each jpeg block using a closed - loop optimizer . guetzli uses butteraugli , our perceptual distance metric , as the source of feedback in its optimization process . we reach a 29 - 45 % reduction in data size for a given perceptual distance , accordin ←
→ differences between industrial models of autonomy and systemic models of autonomy ; this paper discusses the idea of levels of autonomy of systems - be this technical or organic - and compares the insights with models employed by industries used to describe maturity and capability of their products .←
→ fast and accurate neural word segmentation for chinese ; neural models with minimal feature engineering have achieved competitive performance against traditional methods for the task of chinese word segmentation . however , both training and working procedures of the current neural models are computationally inefficient . this paper presents a greedy neural word segmenter with balanced word and character embedding inputs to alleviate the existing drawbacks . our segmenter is truly end - to - end , capable of perform ←
→ of the people : voting is more effective with representative candidates ; in light of the classic impossibility results of arrow and gibbard and satterthwaite regarding voting with ordinal rules , there has been recent interest in characterizing how well common voting rules approximate the social optimum . in order to quantify the quality of approximation , it is natural to consider the candidates and voters as embedded within a common metric space , and to ask how much further the chosen candidate is from the p ←
→ modeling others using oneself in multi - agent reinforcement learning ; we consider the multi - agent reinforcement learning setting with imperfect information in which each agent is trying to maximize its own utility . the reward function depends on the hidden state ( or goal ) of both agents , so the agents must infer the other players ' hidden goals from their observed behavior in order to solve the tasks . we propose a new approach for learning in these domains : self other - modeling ( som ), in which an agent uses i ←
→ japanese / english cross - language information retrieval : exploration of query translation and transliteration ; cross - language information retrieval ( clir ), where queries and documents are in different languages , has of late become one of the major topics within the information retrieval community . this paper proposes a japanese / english clir system , where we combine a query translation and retrieval modules . we currently target the retrieval of technical documents , and therefore the performance of our syste ←
→ a focused dynamic attention model for visual question answering ; visual question and answering ( vqa ) problems are attracting increasing interest from multiple research disciplines . solving vqa problems requires techniques from both computer vision for understanding the visual contents of a presented image or video , as well as the ones from natural language processing for understanding semantics of the question and generating the answers . regarding visual content modeling , most of existing vqa methods adopt ←
→ medical image synthesis with context - aware generative adversarial networks ; computed tomography ( ct ) is critical for various clinical applications , e . g ., radiotherapy treatment planning and also pet attenuation correction . however , ct exposes radiation during acquisition , which may cause side effects to patients . compared to ct , magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) is much safer and does not involve any radiations . therefore , recently , researchers are greatly motivated to estimate ct image from its correspon ←
→ a proximal newton framework for composite minimization : graph learning without cholesky decompositions and matrix inversions ; we propose an algorithmic framework for convex minimization problems of a composite function with two terms : a self - concordant function and a possibly nonsmooth regularization term . our method is a new proximal newton algorithm that features a local quadratic convergence rate . as a specific instance of our framework , we consider the sparse inverse covariance matrix estimation in g ←
→ full wafer redistribution and wafer embedding as key technologies for a multi - scale neuromorphic hardware cluster ; together with the kirchhoff - institute for physics ( kip ) the fraunhofer izm has developed a full wafer redistribution and embedding technology as base for a large - scale neuromorphic hardware system . the paper will give an overview of the neuromorphic computing platform at the kip and the associated hardware requirements which drove the described technological developments . in the first phase o ←
→ structured transforms for small - footprint deep learning ; we consider the task of building compact deep learning pipelines suitable for deployment on storage and power constrained mobile devices . we propose a unified framework to learn a broad family of structured parameter matrices that are characterized by the notion of low displacement rank . our structured transforms admit fast function and gradient evaluation , and span a rich range of parameter sharing configurations whose statistical modeling capacity ←
→ deep kernel learning ; we introduce scalable deep kernels , which combine the structural properties of deep learning architectures with the non - parametric flexibility of kernel methods . specifically , we transform the inputs of a spectral mixture base kernel with a deep architecture , using local kernel interpolation , inducing points , and structure exploiting ( kronecker and toeplitz ) algebra for a scalable kernel representation . these closed - form kernels can be used as drop - in replacements for standard kernels ←
→ domain adaptation for visual applications : a comprehensive survey ; the aim of this paper is to give an overview of domain adaptation and transfer learning with a specific view on visual applications . after a general motivation , we first position domain adaptation in the larger transfer learning problem . second , we try to address and analyze briefly the state - of - the - art methods for different types of scenarios , first describing the historical shallow methods , addressing both the homogeneous and the heteroge ←
→ on color image quality assessment using natural image statistics ; color distortion can introduce a significant damage in visual quality perception , however , most of existing reduced - reference quality measures are designed for grayscale images . in this paper , we consider a basic extension of well - known image - statistics based quality assessment measures to color images . in order to evaluate the impact of color information on the measures efficiency , two color spaces are investigated : rgb and cielab . results ←
→ face image classification by pooling raw features ; we propose a very simple , efficient yet surprisingly effective feature extraction method for face recognition ( about 20 lines of matlab code ), which is mainly inspired by spatial pyramid pooling in generic image classification . we show that features formed by simply pooling local patches over a multi - level pyramid , coupled with a linear classifier , can significantly outperform most recent face recognition methods . the simplicity of our feature extraction p ←
→ joint learning of set cardinality and state distribution ; we present a novel approach for learning to predict sets using deep learning . in recent years , deep neural networks have shown remarkable results in computer vision , natural language processing and other related problems . despite their success , traditional architectures suffer from a serious limitation in that they are built to deal with structured input and output data , i . e . vectors or matrices . many real - world problems , however , are naturally desc ←
→ unsupervised cross - domain recognition by identifying compact joint subspaces ; this paper introduces a new method to solve the cross - domain recognition problem . different from the traditional domain adaption methods which rely on a global domain shift for all classes between source and target domain , the proposed method is more flexible to capture individual class variations across domains . by adopting a natural and widely used assumption -- " the data samples from the same class should lay on a low - dimens ←
→ attend and predict : understanding gene regulation by selective attention on chromatin ; the past decade has seen a revolution in genomic technologies that enable a flood of genome - wide profiling of chromatin marks . recent literature tried to understand gene regulation by predicting gene expression from large - scale chromatin measurements . two fundamental challenges exist for such learning tasks : ( 1 ) genome - wide chromatin signals are spatially structured , high - dimensional and highly modular ; and ( 2 ) the cor ←
→ rdf knowledge graph visualization from a knowledge extraction system ; in this paper , we present a system to visualize rdf knowledge graphs . these graphs are obtained from a knowledge extraction system designed by geolsemantics . this extraction is performed using natural language processing and trigger detection . the user can visualize subgraphs by selecting some ontology features like concepts or individuals . the system is also multilingual , with the use of the annotated ontology in english , french , arabic ←
→ semantic segmentation of human thigh quadriceps muscle in magnetic resonance images ; this paper presents an end - to - end solution for mri thigh quadriceps segmentation . this is the first attempt that deep learning methods are used for the mri thigh segmentation task . we use the state - of - the - art fully convolutional networks with transfer learning approach for the semantic segmentation of regions of interest in mri thigh scans . to further improve the performance of the segmentation , we propose a post - process ←
→ exploiting subgraph structure in multi - robot path planning ; multi - robot path planning is difficult due to the combinatorial explosion of the search space with every new robot added . complete search of the combined state - space soon becomes intractable . in this paper we present a novel form of abstraction that allows us to plan much more efficiently . the key to this abstraction is the partitioning of the map into subgraphs of known structure with entry and exit restrictions which we can represent compactly . ←
→ multi - view kernel consensus for data analysis and signal processing ; the input data features set for many data driven tasks is high - dimensional while the intrinsic dimension of the data is low . data analysis methods aim to uncover the underlying low dimensional structure imposed by the low dimensional hidden parameters by utilizing distance metrics that consider the set of attributes as a single monolithic set . however , the transformation of the low dimensional phenomena into the measured high dimensional ←
→ generating multilingual documents from a knowledge base : the techdoc project ; techdoc is an implemented system demonstrating the feasibility of generating multilingual technical documents on the basis of a language - independent knowledge base . its application domain is user and maintenance instructions , which are produced from underlying plan structures representing the activities , the participating objects with their properties , relations , and so on . this paper gives a brief outline of the system archite ←
→ modal logics for topological spaces ; in this thesis we shall present two logical systems , mp and mp , for the purpose of reasoning about knowledge and effort . these logical systems will be interpreted in a spatial context and therefore , the abstract concepts of knowledge and effort will be defined by concrete mathematical concepts .←
→ data mining to measure and improve the success of web sites ; for many companies , competitiveness in e - commerce requires a successful presence on the web . web sites are used to establish the company ' s image , to promote and sell goods and to provide customer support . the success of a web site affects and reflects directly the success of the company in the electronic market . in this study , we propose a methodology to improve the `` success '' of web sites , based on the exploitation of navigation pattern discove ←
→ predicting depth , surface normals and semantic labels with a common multi - scale convolutional architecture ; in this paper we address three different computer vision tasks using a single basic architecture : depth prediction , surface normal estimation , and semantic labeling . we use a multiscale convolutional network that is able to adapt easily to each task using only small modifications , regressing from the input image to the output map directly . our method progressively refines predictions using a sequen ←
→ a partan - accelerated frank - wolfe algorithm for large - scale svm classification ; frank - wolfe algorithms have recently regained the attention of the machine learning community . their solid theoretical properties and sparsity guarantees make them a suitable choice for a wide range of problems in this field . in addition , several variants of the basic procedure exist that improve its theoretical properties and practical performance . in this paper , we investigate the application of some of these techniques to m ←
→ predictive pac learnability : a paradigm for learning from exchangeable input data ; exchangeable random variables form an important and well - studied generalization of i . i . d . variables , however simple examples show that no nontrivial concept or function classes are pac learnable under general exchangeable data inputs $ x_1 , x_2 ,\ ldots $. inspired by the work of berti and rigo on a glivenko -- cantelli theorem for exchangeable inputs , we propose a new paradigm , adequate for learning from exchangeable data : predi ←
→ a deep embedding model for co - occurrence learning ; co - occurrence data is a common and important information source in many areas , such as the word co - occurrence in the sentences , friends co - occurrence in social networks and products co - occurrence in commercial transaction data , etc , which contains rich correlation and clustering information about the items . in this paper , we study co - occurrence data using a general energy - based probabilistic model , and we analyze three different categories of energy - based ←
→ fast , small and exact : infinite - order language modelling with compressed suffix trees ; efficient methods for storing and querying are critical for scaling high - order n - gram language models to large corpora . we propose a language model based on compressed suffix trees , a representation that is highly compact and can be easily held in memory , while supporting queries needed in computing language model probabilities on - the - fly . we present several optimisations which improve query runtimes up to 2500x , despi ←
→ asymmetric deep supervised hashing ; hashing has been widely used for large - scale approximate nearest neighbor search because of its storage and search efficiency . recent work has found that deep supervised hashing can significantly outperform non - deep supervised hashing in many applications . however , most existing deep supervised hashing methods adopt a symmetric strategy to learn one deep hash function for both query points and database ( retrieval ) points . the training of these symmetric deep supervised h ←
→ enabling embodied analogies in intelligent music systems ; the present methodology is aimed at cross - modal machine learning and uses multidisciplinary tools and methods drawn from a broad range of areas and disciplines , including music , systematic musicology , dance , motion capture , human - computer interaction , computational linguistics and audio signal processing . main tasks include : ( 1 ) adapting wisdom - of - the - crowd approaches to embodiment in music and dance performance to create a dataset of music and musi ←
→ numerical modeling of coexistence , competition and collapse of rotating spiral waves in three - level excitable media with discrete active centers and absorbing boundaries ; spatio - temporal dynamics of excitable media with discrete three - level active centers ( acs ) and absorbing boundaries is studied numerically by means of a deterministic three - level model ( see s . d . makovetskiy and d . n . makovetskii , on - line preprint cond - mat / 0410460 ), which is a generalization of zykov - mikhailov model ( see sov . phys . ←
→ semi - markov switching vector autoregressive model - based anomaly detection in aviation systems ; in this work we consider the problem of anomaly detection in heterogeneous , multivariate , variable - length time series datasets . our focus is on the aviation safety domain , where data objects are flights and time series are sensor readings and pilot switches . in this context the goal is to detect anomalous flight segments , due to mechanical , environmental , or human factors in order to identifying operationally s ←
→ deep cuboid detection : beyond 2d bounding boxes ; we present a deep cuboid detector which takes a consumer - quality rgb image of a cluttered scene and localizes all 3d cuboids ( box - like objects ). contrary to classical approaches which fit a 3d model from low - level cues like corners , edges , and vanishing points , we propose an end - to - end deep learning system to detect cuboids across many semantic categories ( e . g ., ovens , shipping boxes , and furniture ). we localize cuboids with a 2d bounding box , and simultaneo ←
→ learning to generate wikipedia summaries for underserved languages from wikidata ; while wikipedia exists in 287 languages , its content is unevenly distributed among them . in this work , we investigate the generation of open domain wikipedia summaries in underserved languages using structured data from wikidata . to this end , we propose a neural network architecture equipped with copy actions that learns to generate single - sentence and comprehensible textual summaries from wikidata triples . we demonstrate t ←
→ temporally object - based video co - segmentation ; in this paper , we propose an unsupervised video object co - segmentation framework based on the primary object proposals to extract the common foreground object ( s ) from a given video set . in addition to the objectness attributes and motion coherence our framework exploits the temporal consistency of the object - like regions between adjacent frames to enrich the set of original object proposals . we call the enriched proposal sets temporal proposal streams , as they ←
→ on the discrimination - generalization tradeoff in gans ; generative adversarial training can be generally understood as minimizing certain moment matching loss defined by a set of discriminator functions , typically neural networks . the discriminator set should be large enough to be able to uniquely identify the true distribution ( discriminative ), and also be small enough to go beyond memorizing samples ( generalizable ). in this paper , we show that a discriminator set is guaranteed to be discriminative wheneve ←
→ compiling possibilistic networks : alternative approaches to possibilistic inference ; qualitative possibilistic networks , also known as min - based possibilistic networks , are important tools for handling uncertain information in the possibility theory frame - work . despite their importance , only the junction tree adaptation has been proposed for exact reasoning with such networks . this paper explores alternative algorithms using compilation techniques . we first propose possibilistic adaptations of standard ←
→ learning bayesian nets that perform well ; a bayesian net ( bn ) is more than a succinct way to encode a probabilistic distribution ; it also corresponds to a function used to answer queries . a bn can therefore be evaluated by the accuracy of the answers it returns . many algorithms for learning bns , however , attempt to optimize another criterion ( usually likelihood , possibly augmented with a regularizing term ), which is independent of the distribution of queries that are posed . this paper takes the " performanc ←
→ the loss surface of residual networks : ensembles and the role of batch normalization ; deep residual networks present a premium in performance in comparison to conventional networks of the same depth and are trainable at extreme depths . it has recently been shown that residual networks behave like ensembles of relatively shallow networks . we show that these ensembles are dynamic : while initially the virtual ensemble is mostly at depths lower than half the network ' s depth , as training progresses , it become ←
→ answerer in questioner ' s mind for goal - oriented visual dialogue ; goal - oriented dialogue has been paid attention for its numerous applications in artificial intelligence . to solve this task , deep learning and reinforcement learning have recently been applied . however , these approaches struggle to find a competent recurrent neural questioner , owing to the complexity of learning a series of sentences . motivated by theory of mind , we propose " answerer in questioner ' s mind " ( aqm ), a novel algorithm for goal - ori ←
→ learning gaussian mixtures with arbitrary separation ; in this paper we present a method for learning the parameters of a mixture of $ k $ identical spherical gaussians in $ n $- dimensional space with an arbitrarily small separation between the components . our algorithm is polynomial in all parameters other than $ k $. the algorithm is based on an appropriate grid search over the space of parameters . the theoretical analysis of the algorithm hinges on a reduction of the problem to 1 dimension and showing that two ←
→ copula mixed - membership stochastic blockmodel for intra - subgroup correlations ; the \ emph { mixed - membership stochastic blockmodel ( mmsb )} is a popular framework for modeling social network relationships . it can fully exploit each individual node ' s participation ( or membership ) in a social structure . despite its powerful representations , this model makes an assumption that the distributions of relational membership indicators between two nodes are independent . under many social network settings , however , it ←
→ language segmentation ; language segmentation consists in finding the boundaries where one language ends and another language begins in a text written in more than one language . this is important for all natural language processing tasks . the problem can be solved by training language models on language data . however , in the case of low - or no - resource languages , this is problematic . i therefore investigate whether unsupervised methods perform better than supervised methods when it is difficult or impossibl ←
→ stabilizing gan training with multiple random projections ; training generative adversarial networks is unstable in high - dimensions when the true data distribution lies on a lower - dimensional manifold . the discriminator is then easily able to separate nearly all generated samples leaving the generator without meaningful gradients . we propose training a single generator simultaneously against an array of discriminators , each of which looks at a different random low - dimensional projection of the data . we show ←
→ a dual - source approach for 3d pose estimation from a single image ; one major challenge for 3d pose estimation from a single rgb image is the acquisition of sufficient training data . in particular , collecting large amounts of training data that contain unconstrained images and are annotated with accurate 3d poses is infeasible . we therefore propose to use two independent training sources . the first source consists of images with annotated 2d poses and the second source consists of accurate 3d motion capture ←
→ an information - theoretic external cluster - validity measure ; in this paper we propose a measure of clustering quality or accuracy that is appropriate in situations where it is desirable to evaluate a clustering algorithm by somehow comparing the clusters it produces with `` ground truth ' consisting of classes assigned to the patterns by manual means or some other means in whose veracity there is confidence . such measures are refered to as `` external '. our measure also has the characteristic of allowing clust ←
→ time series modeling with pruned multi - layer perceptron and 2 - stage damped least - squares method ; a multi - layer perceptron ( mlp ) defines a family of artificial neural networks often used in ts modeling and forecasting . because of its " black box " aspect , many researchers refuse to use it . moreover , the optimization ( often based on the exhaustive approach where " all " configurations are tested ) and learning phases of this artificial intelligence tool ( often based on the levenberg - marquardt algorithm ; lma ) ar ←
→ face alignment robust to pose , expressions and occlusions ; we propose an ensemble of robust constrained local models for alignment of faces in the presence of significant occlusions and of any unknown pose and expression . to account for partial occlusions we introduce , robust constrained local models , that comprises of a deformable shape and local landmark appearance model and reasons over binary occlusion labels . our occlusion reasoning proceeds by a hypothesize - and - test search over occlusion labels . hypo ←
→ security assessment of software design using neural network ; security flaws in software applications today has been attributed mostly to design flaws . with limited budget and time to release software into the market , many developers often consider security as an afterthought . previous research shows that integrating security into software applications at a later stage of software development lifecycle ( sdlc ) has been found to be more costly than when it is integrated during the early stages . to assist in t ←
→ toward geometric deep slam ; we present a point tracking system powered by two deep convolutional neural networks . the first network , magicpoint , operates on single images and extracts salient 2d points . the extracted points are " slam - ready " because they are by design isolated and well - distributed throughout the image . we compare this network against classical point detectors and discover a significant performance gap in the presence of image noise . as transformation estimation is more simple when the detec ←
→ super - resolution mri using finite rate of innovation curves ; we propose a two - stage algorithm for the super - resolution of mr images from their low - frequency k - space samples . in the first stage we estimate a resolution - independent mask whose zeros represent the edges of the image . this builds off recent work extending the theory of sampling signals of finite rate of innovation ( fri ) to two - dimensional curves . we enable its application to mri by proposing extensions of the signal models allowed by fri theory ←
→ on the performance of network parallel training in artificial neural networks ; artificial neural networks ( anns ) have received increasing attention in recent years with applications that span a wide range of disciplines including vital domains such as medicine , network security and autonomous transportation . however , neural network architectures are becoming increasingly complex and with an increasing need to obtain real - time results from such models , it has become pivotal to use parallelization as a mec ←
→ generalized haar filter based deep networks for real - time object detection in traffic scene ; vision - based object detection is one of the fundamental functions in numerous traffic scene applications such as self - driving vehicle systems and advance driver assistance systems ( adas ). however , it is also a challenging task due to the diversity of traffic scene and the storage , power and computing source limitations of the platforms for traffic scene applications . this paper presents a generalized haar filter ←
→ an active efficient coding model of the optokinetic nystagmus ; optokinetic nystagmus ( okn ) is an involuntary eye movement responsible for stabilizing retinal images in the presence of relative motion between an observer and the environment . fully understanding the development of optokinetic nystagmus requires a neurally plausible computational model that accounts for the neural development and the behavior . to date , work in this area has been limited . we propose a neurally plausible framework for the joint ←
→ medical image compression using wavelet decomposition for prediction method ; in this paper offers a simple and lossless compression method for compression of medical images . method is based on wavelet decomposition of the medical images followed by the correlation analysis of coefficients . the correlation analyses are the basis of prediction equation for each sub band . predictor variable selection is performed through coefficient graphic method to avoid multicollinearity problem and to achieve high predi ←
→ cliquecnn : deep unsupervised exemplar learning ; exemplar learning is a powerful paradigm for discovering visual similarities in an unsupervised manner . in this context , however , the recent breakthrough in deep learning could not yet unfold its full potential . with only a single positive sample , a great imbalance between one positive and many negatives , and unreliable relationships between most samples , training of convolutional neural networks is impaired . given weak estimates of local distance we propose ←
→ optimizing the latent space of generative networks ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have been shown to be able to sample impressively realistic images . gan training consists of a saddle point optimization problem that can be thought of as an adversarial game between a generator which produces the images , and a discriminator , which judges if the images are real . both the generator and the discriminator are commonly parametrized as deep convolutional neural networks . the goal of this paper is to disen ←
→ a novel biologically mechanism - based visual cognition model -- automatic extraction of semantics , formation of integrated concepts and re - selection features for ambiguity ; integration between biology and information science benefits both fields . many related models have been proposed , such as computational visual cognition models , computational motor control models , integrations of both and so on . in general , the robustness and precision of recognition is one of the key problems for object recognition mo ←
→ learning to transduce with unbounded memory ; recently , strong results have been demonstrated by deep recurrent neural networks on natural language transduction problems . in this paper we explore the representational power of these models using synthetic grammars designed to exhibit phenomena similar to those found in real transduction problems such as machine translation . these experiments lead us to propose new memory - based recurrent networks that implement continuously differentiable analogues of traditi ←
→ a guided spatial transformer network for histology cell differentiation ; identification and counting of cells and mitotic figures is a standard task in diagnostic histopathology . due to the large overall cell count on histological slides and the potential sparse prevalence of some relevant cell types or mitotic figures , retrieving annotation data for sufficient statistics is a tedious task and prone to a significant error in assessment . automatic classification and segmentation is a classic task in digital ←
→ a generative model for volume rendering ; we present a technique to synthesize and analyze volume - rendered images using generative models . we use the generative adversarial network ( gan ) framework to compute a model from a large collection of volume renderings , conditioned on ( 1 ) viewpoint and ( 2 ) transfer functions for opacity and color . our approach facilitates tasks for volume analysis that are challenging to achieve using existing rendering techniques such as ray casting or texture - based methods . we sho ←
→ directional global three - part image decomposition ; we consider the task of image decomposition and we introduce a new model coined directional global three - part decomposition ( dg3pd ) for solving it . as key ingredients of the dg3pd model , we introduce a discrete multi - directional total variation norm and a discrete multi - directional g - norm . using these novel norms , the proposed discrete dg3pd model can decompose an image into two parts or into three parts . existing models for image decomposition by vese and ←
→ image quality assessment techniques show improved training and evaluation of autoencoder generative adversarial networks ; we propose a training and evaluation approach for autoencoder generative adversarial networks ( gans ), specifically the boundary equilibrium generative adversarial network ( began ), based on methods from the image quality assessment literature . our approach explores a multidimensional evaluation criterion that utilizes three distance functions : an $ l_1 $ score , the gradient magnitude sim ←
→ p - cnn : pose - based cnn features for action recognition ; this work targets human action recognition in video . while recent methods typically represent actions by statistics of local video features , here we argue for the importance of a representation derived from human pose . to this end we propose a new pose - based convolutional neural network descriptor ( p - cnn ) for action recognition . the descriptor aggregates motion and appearance information along tracks of human body parts . we investigate different scheme ←
→ appropriate causal models and the stability of causation ; causal models defined in terms of structural equations have proved to be quite a powerful way of representing knowledge regarding causality . however , a number of authors have given examples that seem to show that the halpern - pearl ( hp ) definition of causality gives intuitively unreasonable answers . here it is shown that , for each of these examples , we can give two stories consistent with the description in the example , such that intuitions regarding ←
→ sensitivity analysis for computationally expensive models using optimization and objective - oriented surrogate approximations ; in this paper , we focus on developing efficient sensitivity analysis methods for a computationally expensive objective function $ f ( x )$ in the case that the minimization of it has just been performed . here " computationally expensive " means that each of its evaluation takes significant amount of time , and therefore our main goal to use a small number of function evaluations of $ f ( x )←
→ exploring automated essay scoring for nonnative english speakers ; automated essay scoring ( aes ) has been quite popular and is being widely used . however , lack of appropriate methodology for rating nonnative english speakers ' essays has meant a lopsided advancement in this field . in this paper , we report initial results of our experiments with nonnative aes that learns from manual evaluation of nonnative essays . for this purpose , we conducted an exercise in which essays written by nonnative english speakers ←
→ how do people explore virtual environments ? ; understanding how people explore immersive virtual environments is crucial for many applications , such as designing virtual reality ( vr ) content , developing new compression algorithms , or learning computational models of saliency or visual attention . whereas a body of recent work has focused on modeling saliency in desktop viewing conditions , vr is very different from these conditions in that viewing behavior is governed by stereoscopic vision and by the complex ←
→ citizen science : contributions to astronomy research ; the contributions of everyday individuals to significant research has grown dramatically beyond the early days of classical birdwatching and endeavors of amateurs of the 19th century . now people who are casually interested in science can participate directly in research covering diverse scientific fields . regarding astronomy , volunteers , either as individuals or as networks of people , are involved in a variety of types of studies . citizen science is int ←
→ deep d - bar : real time electrical impedance tomography imaging with deep neural networks ; the mathematical problem for electrical impedance tomography ( eit ) is a highly nonlinear ill - posed inverse problem requiring carefully designed reconstruction procedures to ensure reliable image generation . d - bar methods are based on a rigorous mathematical analysis and provide robust direct reconstructions by using a low - pass filtering of the associated nonlinear fourier data . similarly to low - pass filtering of line ←
→ multiple objects tracking in surveillance video using color and hu moments ; multiple objects tracking finds its applications in many high level vision analysis like object behaviour interpretation and gait recognition . in this paper , a feature based method to track the multiple moving objects in surveillance video sequence is proposed . object tracking is done by extracting the color and hu moments features from the motion segmented object blob and establishing the association of objects in the successive ←
→ one model for the learning of language ; a major target of linguistics and cognitive science has been to understand what class of learning systems can acquire the key structures of natural language . until recently , the computational requirements of language have been used to argue that learning is impossible without a highly constrained hypothesis space . here , we describe a learning system that is maximally unconstrained , operating over the space of all computations , and is able to acquire several of the ke ←
→ approximate bayesian inference as a gauge theory ; in a published paper [ sengupta , 2016 ], we have proposed that the brain ( and other self - organized biological and artificial systems ) can be characterized via the mathematical apparatus of a gauge theory . the picture that emerges from this approach suggests that any biological system ( from a neuron to an organism ) can be cast as resolving uncertainty about its external milieu , either by changing its internal states or its relationship to the environment . usin ←
→ classification by set cover : the prototype vector machine ; we introduce a new nearest - prototype classifier , the prototype vector machine ( pvm ). it arises from a combinatorial optimization problem which we cast as a variant of the set cover problem . we propose two algorithms for approximating its solution . the pvm selects a relatively small number of representative points which can then be used for classification . it contains 1 - nn as a special case . the method is compatible with any dissimilarity measure , m ←
→ the parameter - less self - organizing map algorithm ; the parameter - less self - organizing map ( plsom ) is a new neural network algorithm based on the self - organizing map ( som ). it eliminates the need for a learning rate and annealing schemes for learning rate and neighbourhood size . we discuss the relative performance of the plsom and the som and demonstrate some tasks in which the som fails but the plsom performs satisfactory . finally we discuss some example applications of the plsom and present a proof of orde ←
→ temporized equilibria ; this paper has been withdrawn by the author due to a crucial error in the submission action .←
→ mapping to declarative knowledge for word problem solving ; math word problems form a natural abstraction to a range of quantitative reasoning problems , such as understanding financial news , sports results , and casualties of war . solving such problems requires the understanding of several mathematical concepts such as dimensional analysis , subset relationships , etc . in this paper , we develop declarative rules which govern the translation of natural language description of these concepts to math expressions .←
→ faster algorithms for large - scale machine learning using simple sampling techniques ; now a days , the major challenge in machine learning is the ` big ~ data ' challenge . the big data problems due to large number of data points or large number of features in each data point , or both , the training of models have become very slow . the training time has two major components : time to access the data and time to process ( learn from ) the data . in this paper , we have proposed one possible solution to handle the big ←
→ effective multi - query expansions : collaborative deep networks for robust landmark retrieval ; given a query photo issued by a user ( q - user ), the landmark retrieval is to return a set of photos with their landmarks similar to those of the query , while the existing studies on the landmark retrieval focus on exploiting geometries of landmarks for similarity matches between candidate photos and a query photo . we observe that the same landmarks provided by different users over social media community may convey ←
→ fast , accurate thin - structure obstacle detection for autonomous mobile robots ; safety is paramount for mobile robotic platforms such as self - driving cars and unmanned aerial vehicles . this work is devoted to a task that is indispensable for safety yet was largely overlooked in the past -- detecting obstacles that are of very thin structures , such as wires , cables and tree branches . this is a challenging problem , as thin objects can be problematic for active sensors such as lidar and sonar and even for st ←
→ multi - agent imitation learning for driving simulation ; simulation is an appealing option for validating the safety of autonomous vehicles . generative adversarial imitation learning ( gail ) has recently been shown to learn representative human driver models . these human driver models were learned through training in single - agent environments , but they have difficulty in generalizing to multi - agent driving scenarios . we argue these difficulties arise because observations at training and test time are sampled ←
→ lfads - latent factor analysis via dynamical systems ; neuroscience is experiencing a data revolution in which many hundreds or thousands of neurons are recorded simultaneously . currently , there is little consensus on how such data should be analyzed . here we introduce lfads ( latent factor analysis via dynamical systems ), a method to infer latent dynamics from simultaneously recorded , single - trial , high - dimensional neural spiking data . lfads is a sequential model based on a variational auto - encoder . by maki ←
→ survey of expressivity in deep neural networks ; we survey results on neural network expressivity described in " on the expressive power of deep neural networks ". the paper motivates and develops three natural measures of expressiveness , which all display an exponential dependence on the depth of the network . in fact , all of these measures are related to a fourth quantity , trajectory length . this quantity grows exponentially in the depth of the network , and is responsible for the depth sensitivity observed . ←
→ a fast proximal point method for wasserstein distance ; wasserstein distance plays increasingly important roles in machine learning , stochastic programming and image processing . major efforts have been under way to address its high computational complexity , some leading to approximate or regularized variations such as sinkhorn distance . however , as we will demonstrate , several important machine learning applications call for the computation of exact wasserstein distance , and regularized variations with smal ←
→ deeply - recursive convolutional network for image super - resolution ; we propose an image super - resolution method ( sr ) using a deeply - recursive convolutional network ( drcn ). our network has a very deep recursive layer ( up to 16 recursions ). increasing recursion depth can improve performance without introducing new parameters for additional convolutions . albeit advantages , learning a drcn is very hard with a standard gradient descent method due to exploding / vanishing gradients . to ease the difficulty of traini ←
→ predictive no - reference assessment of video quality ; among the various means to evaluate the quality of video streams , no - reference ( nr ) methods have low computation and may be executed on thin clients . thus , nr algorithms would be perfect candidates in cases of real - time quality assessment , automated quality control and , particularly , in adaptive mobile streaming . yet , existing nr approaches are often inaccurate , in comparison to full - reference ( fr ) algorithms , especially under lossy network conditions . i ←
→ an empirical evaluation of zero resource acoustic unit discovery ; acoustic unit discovery ( aud ) is a process of automatically identifying a categorical acoustic unit inventory from speech and producing corresponding acoustic unit tokenizations . aud provides an important avenue for unsupervised acoustic model training in a zero resource setting where expert - provided linguistic knowledge and transcribed speech are unavailable . therefore , to further facilitate zero - resource aud process , in this paper , we demo ←
→ formalizing scenario analysis ; we propose a formal treatment of scenarios in the context of a dialectical argumentation formalism for qualitative reasoning about uncertain propositions . our formalism extends prior work in which arguments for and against uncertain propositions were presented and compared in interaction spaces called agoras . we now define the notion of a scenario in this framework and use it to define a set of qualitative uncertainty labels for propositions across a collection of scenarios . ←
→ a lexicalized tree adjoining grammar for english ; this document describes a sizable grammar of english written in the tag formalism and implemented for use with the xtag system . this report and the grammar described herein supersedes the tag grammar described in an earlier 1995 xtag technical report . the english grammar described in this report is based on the tag formalism which has been extended to include lexicalization , and unification - based feature structures . the range of syntactic phenomena that can ←
→ a simple and efficient method to generate word sense representations ; distributed representations of words have boosted the performance of many natural language processing tasks . however , usually only one representation per word is obtained , not acknowledging the fact that some words have multiple meanings . this has a negative effect on the individual word representations and the language model as a whole . in this paper we present a simple model that enables recent techniques for building word vectors to r ←
→ a knowledge - based approach to word sense disambiguation by distributional selection and semantic features ; word sense disambiguation improves many natural language processing ( nlp ) applications such as information retrieval , information extraction , machine translation , or lexical simplification . roughly speaking , the aim is to choose for each word in a text its best sense . one of the most popular method estimates local semantic similarity relatedness between two word senses and then extends it to all wor ←
→ greedy ants colony optimization strategy for solving the curriculum based university course timetabling problem ; timetabling is a problem faced in all higher education institutions . the international timetabling competition ( itc ) has published a dataset that can be used to test the quality of methods used to solve this problem . a number of meta - heuristic approaches have obtained good results when tested on the itc dataset , however few have used the ant colony optimization technique , particularly on the i ←
→ deep probabilistic programming ; we propose edward , a turing - complete probabilistic programming language . edward defines two compositional representations --- random variables and inference . by treating inference as a first class citizen , on a par with modeling , we show that probabilistic programming can be as flexible and computationally efficient as traditional deep learning . for flexibility , edward makes it easy to fit the same model using a variety of composable inference methods , ranging from point estim ←
→ mining to compact cnf propositional formulae ; in this paper , we propose a first application of data mining techniques to propositional satisfiability . our proposed mining4sat approach aims to discover and to exploit hidden structural knowledge for reducing the size of propositional formulae in conjunctive normal form ( cnf ). mining4sat combines both frequent itemset mining techniques and tseitin ' s encoding for a compact representation of cnf formulae . the experiments of our mining4sat approach show interest ←
→ vision - based detection of acoustic timed events : a case study on clarinet note onsets ; acoustic events often have a visual counterpart . knowledge of visual information can aid the understanding of complex auditory scenes , even when only a stereo mixdown is available in the audio domain , \ eg identifying which musicians are playing in large musical ensembles . in this paper , we consider a vision - based approach to note onset detection . as a case study we focus on challenging , real - world clarinetist videos an ←
→ dynamic bayesian ontology languages ; many formalisms combining ontology languages with uncertainty , usually in the form of probabilities , have been studied over the years . most of these formalisms , however , assume that the probabilistic structure of the knowledge remains static over time . we present a general approach for extending ontology languages to handle time - evolving uncertainty represented by a dynamic bayesian network . we show how reasoning in the original language and dynamic bayesian inferences ←
→ meshed up : learnt error correction in 3d reconstructions ; dense reconstructions often contain errors that prior work has so far minimised using high quality sensors and regularising the output . nevertheless , errors still persist . this paper proposes a machine learning technique to identify errors in three dimensional ( 3d ) meshes . beyond simply identifying errors , our method quantifies both the magnitude and the direction of depth estimate errors when viewing the scene . this enables us to improve the recons ←
→ tensor - based formulation and nuclear norm regularization for multi - energy computed tomography ; the development of energy selective , photon counting x - ray detectors allows for a wide range of new possibilities in the area of computed tomographic image formation . under the assumption of perfect energy resolution , here we propose a tensor - based iterative algorithm that simultaneously reconstructs the x - ray attenuation distribution for each energy . we use a multi - linear image model rather than a more standar ←
→ intriguing properties of randomly weighted networks : generalizing while learning next to nothing ; training deep neural networks results in strong learned representations that show good generalization capabilities . in most cases , training involves iterative modification of all weights inside the network via back - propagation . in extreme learning machines , it has been suggested to set the first layer of a network to fixed random values instead of learning it . in this paper , we propose to take this approach ←
→ state - space dynamics distance for clustering sequential data ; this paper proposes a novel similarity measure for clustering sequential data . we first construct a common state - space by training a single probabilistic model with all the sequences in order to get a unified representation for the dataset . then , distances are obtained attending to the transition matrices induced by each sequence in that state - space . this approach solves some of the usual overfitting and scalability issues of the existing semi - p ←
→ dynamic deep neural networks : optimizing accuracy - efficiency trade - offs by selective execution ; we introduce dynamic deep neural networks ( d2nn ), a new type of feed - forward deep neural network that allows selective execution . given an input , only a subset of d2nn neurons are executed , and the particular subset is determined by the d2nn itself . by pruning unnecessary computation depending on input , d2nns provide a way to improve computational efficiency . to achieve dynamic selective execution , a d2nn augm ←
→ part - based r - cnns for fine - grained category detection ; semantic part localization can facilitate fine - grained categorization by explicitly isolating subtle appearance differences associated with specific object parts . methods for pose - normalized representations have been proposed , but generally presume bounding box annotations at test time due to the difficulty of object detection . we propose a model for fine - grained categorization that overcomes these limitations by leveraging deep convolutional features ←
→ first order algorithms in variational image processing ; variational methods in imaging are nowadays developing towards a quite universal and flexible tool , allowing for highly successful approaches on tasks like denoising , deblurring , inpainting , segmentation , super - resolution , disparity , and optical flow estimation . the overall structure of such approaches is of the form ${\ cal d }( ku ) + \ alpha {\ cal r } ( u ) \ rightarrow \ min_u $ ; where the functional ${\ cal d }$ is a data fidelity term also depending on some ←
→ a semantic relatedness measure based on combined encyclopedic , ontological and collocational knowledge ; we describe a new semantic relatedness measure combining the wikipedia - based explicit semantic analysis measure , the wordnet path measure and the mixed collocation index . our measure achieves the currently highest results on the ws - 353 test : a spearman rho coefficient of 0 . 79 ( vs . 0 . 75 in ( gabrilovich and markovitch , 2007 )) when applying the measure directly , and a value of 0 . 87 ( vs . 0 . 78 in ( agirre et ←
→ the rise and fall of semantic rule updates based on se - models ; logic programs under the stable model semantics , or answer - set programs , provide an expressive rule - based knowledge representation framework , featuring a formal , declarative and well - understood semantics . however , handling the evolution of rule bases is still a largely open problem . the agm framework for belief change was shown to give inappropriate results when directly applied to logic programs under a non - monotonic semantics such as the stab ←
→ an artificial neural network architecture based on context transformations in cortical minicolumns ; cortical minicolumns are considered a model of cortical organization . their function is still a source of research and not reflected properly in modern architecture of nets in algorithms of artificial intelligence . we assume its function and describe it in this article . furthermore , we show how this proposal allows to construct a new architecture , that is not based on convolutional neural networks , test it ←
→ performance investigation of feature selection methods ; sentiment analysis or opinion mining has become an open research domain after proliferation of internet and web 2 . 0 social media . people express their attitudes and opinions on social media including blogs , discussion forums , tweets , etc . and , sentiment analysis concerns about detecting and extracting sentiment or opinion from online text . sentiment based text classification is different from topical text classification since it involves discriminatio ←
→ fantastic 4 system for nist 2015 language recognition evaluation ; this article describes the systems jointly submitted by institute for infocomm ( i $^ 2 $ r ), the laboratoire d ' informatique de l ' universit \' e du maine ( lium ), nanyang technology university ( ntu ) and the university of eastern finland ( uef ) for 2015 nist language recognition evaluation ( lre ). the submitted system is a fusion of nine sub - systems based on i - vectors extracted from different types of features . given the i - vectors , several classifiers ←
→ augmenting supervised neural networks with unsupervised objectives for large - scale image classification ; unsupervised learning and supervised learning are key research topics in deep learning . however , as high - capacity supervised neural networks trained with a large amount of labels have achieved remarkable success in many computer vision tasks , the availability of large - scale labeled images reduced the significance of unsupervised learning . inspired by the recent trend toward revisiting the importance o ←
→ an efficient evolutionary based method for image segmentation ; the goal of this paper is to present a new efficient image segmentation method based on evolutionary computation which is a model inspired from human behavior . based on this model , a four layer process for image segmentation is proposed using the split / merge approach . in the first layer , an image is split into numerous regions using the watershed algorithm . in the second layer , a co - evolutionary process is applied to form centers of finals segm ←
→ tensorlog : deep learning meets probabilistic dbs ; we present an implementation of a probabilistic first - order logic called tensorlog , in which classes of logical queries are compiled into differentiable functions in a neural - network infrastructure such as tensorflow or theano . this leads to a close integration of probabilistic logical reasoning with deep - learning infrastructure : in particular , it enables high - performance deep learning frameworks to be used for tuning the parameters of a probabilistic logic ←
→ sex , drugs , and violence ; automatically detecting inappropriate content can be a difficult nlp task , requiring understanding context and innuendo , not just identifying specific keywords . due to the large quantity of online user - generated content , automatic detection is becoming increasingly necessary . we take a largely unsupervised approach using a large corpus of narratives from a community - based self - publishing website and a small segment of crowd - sourced annotations . we explore topic modelling using lat ←
→ an improved image mining technique for brain tumour classification using efficient classifier ; an improved image mining technique for brain tumor classification using pruned association rule with mari algorithm is presented in this paper . the method proposed makes use of association rule mining technique to classify the ct scan brain images into three categories namely normal , benign and malign . it combines the low level features extracted from images and high level knowledge from specialists . the develo ←
→ discriminative models for robust image classification ; a variety of real - world tasks involve the classification of images into pre - determined categories . designing image classification algorithms that exhibit robustness to acquisition noise and image distortions , particularly when the available training data are insufficient to learn accurate models , is a significant challenge . this dissertation explores the development of discriminative models for robust image classification that exploit underlying signal ←
→ a classification approach to word prediction ; the eventual goal of a language model is to accurately predict the value of a missing word given its context . we present an approach to word prediction that is based on learning a representation for each word as a function of words and linguistics predicates in its context . this approach raises a few new questions that we address . first , in order to learn good word representations it is necessary to use an expressive representation of the context . we present a ←
→ a new convolutional network - in - network structure and its applications in skin detection , semantic segmentation , and artifact reduction ; the inception network has been shown to provide good performance on image classification problems , but there are not much evidences that it is also effective for the image restoration or pixel - wise labeling problems . for image restoration problems , the pooling is generally not used because the decimated features are not helpful for the reconstruction of an image as the o ←
→ contrastive entropy : a new evaluation metric for unnormalized language models ; perplexity ( per word ) is the most widely used metric for evaluating language models . despite this , there has been no dearth of criticism for this metric . most of these criticisms center around lack of correlation with extrinsic metrics like word error rate ( wer ), dependence upon shared vocabulary for model comparison and unsuitability for unnormalized language model evaluation . in this paper , we address the last problem and pr ←
→ the need for speed of ai applications : performance comparison of native vs . browser - based algorithm implementations ; ai applications pose increasing demands on performance , so it is not surprising that the era of client - side distributed software is becoming important . on top of many ai applications already using mobile hardware , and even browsers for computationally demanding ai applications , we are already witnessing the emergence of client - side ( federated ) machine learning algorithms , driven by the int ←
→ multi - set canonical correlation analysis simply explained ; there are a multitude of methods to perform multi - set correlated component analysis ( mcca ), including some that require iterative solutions . the methods differ on the criterion they optimize and the constraints placed on the solutions . this note focuses perhaps on the simplest version , which can be solved in a single step as the eigenvectors of matrix ${\ bf d }^{- 1 } {\ bf r }$. here ${\ bf r }$ is the covariance matrix of the concatenated data , and ${\ b ←
→ lambda - connectedness determination for image segmentation ; image segmentation is to separate an image into distinct homogeneous regions belonging to different objects . it is an essential step in image analysis and computer vision . this paper compares some segmentation technologies and attempts to find an automated way to better determine the parameters for image segmentation , especially the connectivity value of $\ lambda $ in $\ lambda $- connected segmentation . based on the theories on the maximum entropy m ←
→ sequence segmentation using joint rnn and structured prediction models ; we describe and analyze a simple and effective algorithm for sequence segmentation applied to speech processing tasks . we propose a neural architecture that is composed of two modules trained jointly : a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) module and a structured prediction model . the rnn outputs are considered as feature functions to the structured model . the overall model is trained with a structured loss function which can be designed to ←
→ intrusions in marked renewal processes ; we present a probabilistic model of an intrusion in a marked renewal process . given a process and a sequence of events , an intrusion is a subsequence of events that is not produced by the process . applications of the model are , for example , online payment fraud with the fraudster taking over a user ' s account and performing payments on the user ' s behalf , or unexpected equipment failures due to unintended use . we adopt bayesian approach to infer the probability of an ←
→ real time error detection in metal arc welding process using artificial neural netwroks ; quality assurance in production line demands reliable weld joints . human made errors is a major cause of faulty production . promptly identifying errors in the weld while welding is in progress will decrease the post inspection cost spent on the welding process . electrical parameters generated during welding , could able to characterize the process efficiently . parameter values are collected using high speed data acqui ←
→ predicting the dynamics of 2d objects with a deep residual network ; we investigate how a residual network can learn to predict the dynamics of interacting shapes purely as an image - to - image regression task . with a simple 2d physics simulator , we generate short sequences composed of rectangles put in motion by applying a pulling force at a point picked at random . the network is trained with a quadratic loss to predict the image of the resulting configuration , given the image of the starting configuration ←
→ practical block - wise neural network architecture generation ; convolutional neural networks have gained a remarkable success in computer vision . however , most usable network architectures are hand - crafted and usually require expertise and elaborate design . in this paper , we provide a block - wise network generation pipeline called blockqnn which automatically builds high - performance networks using the q - learning paradigm with epsilon - greedy exploration strategy . the optimal network block is constructed by the ←
→ a robust and efficient method for improving accuracy of license plate characters recognition ; license plate recognition ( lpr ) plays an important role on the traffic monitoring and parking management . a robust and efficient method for enhancing accuracy of license plate characters recognition based on k nearest neighbours ( k - nn ) classifier is presented in this paper . the system first prepares a contour form of the extracted character , then the angle and distance feature information about the character is ←
→ a searchlight factor model approach for locating shared information in multi - subject fmri analysis ; there is a growing interest in joint multi - subject fmri analysis . the challenge of such analysis comes from inherent anatomical and functional variability across subjects . one approach to resolving this is a shared response factor model . this assumes a shared and time synchronized stimulus across subjects . such a model can often identify shared information , but it may not be able to pinpoint with high reso ←
→ reducing dueling bandits to cardinal bandits ; we present algorithms for reducing the dueling bandits problem to the conventional ( stochastic ) multi - armed bandits problem . the dueling bandits problem is an online model of learning with ordinal feedback of the form " a is preferred to b " ( as opposed to cardinal feedback like " a has value 2 . 5 "), giving it wide applicability in learning from implicit user feedback and revealed and stated preferences . in contrast to existing algorithms for the dueling bandits pr ←
→ rehabilitation of count - based models for word vector representations ; recent works on word representations mostly rely on predictive models . distributed word representations ( aka word embeddings ) are trained to optimally predict the contexts in which the corresponding words tend to appear . such models have succeeded in capturing word similarties as well as semantic and syntactic regularities . instead , we aim at reviving interest in a model based on counts . we present a systematic study of the use of the he ←
→ pure : robust pupil detection for real - time pervasive eye tracking ; real - time , accurate , and robust pupil detection is an essential prerequisite to enable pervasive eye - tracking and its applications -- e . g ., gaze - based human computer interaction , health monitoring , foveated rendering , and advanced driver assistance . however , automated pupil detection has proved to be an intricate task in real - world scenarios due to a large mixture of challenges such as quickly changing illumination and occlusions . in this p ←
→ artificial neural network based prediction of optimal pseudo - damping and meta - damping in oscillatory fractional order dynamical systems ; this paper investigates typical behaviors like damped oscillations in fractional order ( fo ) dynamical systems . such response occurs due to the presence of , what is conceived as , pseudo - damping and meta - damping in some special class of fo systems . here , approximation of such damped oscillation in fo systems with the conventional notion of integer order damping and time c ←
→ emotion : appraisal - coping model for the " cascades " problem ; modelling emotion has become a challenge nowadays . therefore , several models have been produced in order to express human emotional activity . however , only a few of them are currently able to express the close relationship existing between emotion and cognition . an appraisal - coping model is presented here , with the aim to simulate the emotional impact caused by the evaluation of a particular situation ( appraisal ), along with the consequent cogniti ←
→ benchmarking deep reinforcement learning for continuous control ; recently , researchers have made significant progress combining the advances in deep learning for learning feature representations with reinforcement learning . some notable examples include training agents to play atari games based on raw pixel data and to acquire advanced manipulation skills using raw sensory inputs . however , it has been difficult to quantify progress in the domain of continuous control due to the lack of a commonly adopted b ←
→ genetic stereo matching algorithm with fuzzy fitness ; this paper presents a genetic stereo matching algorithm with fuzzy evaluation function . the proposed algorithm presents a new encoding scheme in which a chromosome is represented by a disparity matrix . evolution is controlled by a fuzzy fitness function able to deal with noise and uncertain camera measurements , and uses classical evolutionary operators . the result of the algorithm is accurate dense disparity maps obtained in a reasonable computational t ←
→ tuned models of peer assessment in moocs ; in massive open online courses ( moocs ), peer grading serves as a critical tool for scaling the grading of complex , open - ended assignments to courses with tens or hundreds of thousands of students . but despite promising initial trials , it does not always deliver accurate results compared to human experts . in this paper , we develop algorithms for estimating and correcting for grader biases and reliabilities , showing significant improvement in peer grading accuracy on ←
→ unsupervised learning of object semantic parts from internal states of cnns by population encoding ; we address the key question of how object part representations can be found from the internal states of cnns that are trained for high - level tasks , such as object classification . this work provides a new unsupervised method to learn semantic parts and gives new understanding of the internal representations of cnns . our technique is based on the hypothesis that semantic parts are represented by populations ←
→ predicting the behavior of interacting humans by fusing data from multiple sources ; multi - fidelity methods combine inexpensive low - fidelity simulations with costly but high - fidelity simulations to produce an accurate model of a system of interest at minimal cost . they have proven useful in modeling physical systems and have been applied to engineering problems such as wing - design optimization . during human - in - the - loop experimentation , it has become increasingly common to use online platforms , like mechan ←
→ semi - supervised evidential label propagation algorithm for graph data ; in the task of community detection , there often exists some useful prior information . in this paper , a semi - supervised clustering approach using a new evidential label propagation strategy ( selp ) is proposed to incorporate the domain knowledge into the community detection model . the main advantage of selp is that it can take limited supervised knowledge to guide the detection process . the prior information of community labels is express ←
→ reinforcement learning and nonparametric detection of game - theoretic equilibrium play in social networks ; this paper studies two important signal processing aspects of equilibrium behavior in non - cooperative games arising in social networks , namely , reinforcement learning and detection of equilibrium play . the first part of the paper presents a reinforcement learning ( adaptive filtering ) algorithm that facilitates learning an equilibrium by resorting to diffusion cooperation strategies in a social networ ←
→ concurrence - aware long short - term sub - memories for person - person action recognition ; recently , long short - term memory ( lstm ) has become a popular choice to model individual dynamics for single - person action recognition due to its ability of modeling the temporal information in various ranges of dynamic contexts . however , existing rnn models only focus on capturing the temporal dynamics of the person - person interactions by naively combining the activity dynamics of individuals or modeling them as a whole .←
→ developing improved greedy crossover to solve symmetric traveling salesman problem ; the traveling salesman problem ( tsp ) is one of the most famous optimization problems . greedy crossover designed by greffenstette et al , can be used while symmetric tsp ( stsp ) is resolved by genetic algorithm ( ga ). researchers have proposed several versions of greedy crossover . here we propose improved version of it . we compare our greedy crossover with some of recent crossovers , we use our greedy crossover and some recent ←
→ invariant representative cocycles of cohomology generators using irregular graph pyramids ; structural pattern recognition describes and classifies data based on the relationships of features and parts . topological invariants , like the euler number , characterize the structure of objects of any dimension . cohomology can provide more refined algebraic invariants to a topological space than does homology . it assigns ` quantities ' to the chains used in homology to characterize holes of any dimension . graph pyr ←
→ cer : complementary entity recognition via knowledge expansion on large unlabeled product reviews ; product reviews contain a lot of useful information about product features and customer opinions . one important product feature is the complementary entity ( products ) that may potentially work together with the reviewed product . knowing complementary entities of the reviewed product is very important because customers want to buy compatible products and avoid incompatible ones . in this paper , we address the ←
→ a supervised clustering approach for fmri - based inference of brain states ; we propose a method that combines signals from many brain regions observed in functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) to predict the subject ' s behavior during a scanning session . such predictions suffer from the huge number of brain regions sampled on the voxel grid of standard fmri data sets : the curse of dimensionality . dimensionality reduction is thus needed , but it is often performed using a univariate feature selection p ←
→ a learning theoretic approach to energy harvesting communication system optimization ; a point - to - point wireless communication system in which the transmitter is equipped with an energy harvesting device and a rechargeable battery , is studied . both the energy and the data arrivals at the transmitter are modeled as markov processes . delay - limited communication is considered assuming that the underlying channel is block fading with memory , and the instantaneous channel state information is available at both ←
→ an effective way to improve youtube - 8m classification accuracy in google cloud platform ; large - scale datasets have played a significant role in progress of neural network and deep learning areas . youtube - 8m is such a benchmark dataset for general multi - label video classification . it was created from over 7 million youtube videos ( 450 , 000 hours of video ) and includes video labels from a vocabulary of 4716 classes ( 3 . 4 labels / video on average ). it also comes with pre - extracted audio & visual features from ←
→ measuring the reliability of mcmc inference with bidirectional monte carlo ; markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) is one of the main workhorses of probabilistic inference , but it is notoriously hard to measure the quality of approximate posterior samples . this challenge is particularly salient in black box inference methods , which can hide details and obscure inference failures . in this work , we extend the recently introduced bidirectional monte carlo technique to evaluate mcmc - based posterior inference algori ←
→ meta - learning and universality : deep representations and gradient descent can approximate any learning algorithm ; learning to learn is a powerful paradigm for enabling models to learn from data more effectively and efficiently . a popular approach to meta - learning is to train a recurrent model to read in a training dataset as input and output the parameters of a learned model , or output predictions for new test inputs . alternatively , a more recent approach to meta - learning aims to acquire deep representat ←
→ ice : information credibility evaluation on social media via representation learning ; with the rapid growth of social media , rumors are also spreading widely on social media and bring harm to people ' s daily life . nowadays , information credibility evaluation has drawn attention from academic and industrial communities . current methods mainly focus on feature engineering and achieve some success . however , feature engineering based methods require a lot of labor and cannot fully reveal the underlying relatio ←
→ modeling image structure with factorized phase - coupled boltzmann machines ; we describe a model for capturing the statistical structure of local amplitude and local spatial phase in natural images . the model is based on a recently developed , factorized third - order boltzmann machine that was shown to be effective at capturing higher - order structure in images by modeling dependencies among squared filter outputs ( ranzato and hinton , 2010 ). here , we extend this model to $ l_p $- spherically symmetric subspaces .←
→ deep mean - shift priors for image restoration ; in this paper we introduce a natural image prior that directly represents a gaussian - smoothed version of the natural image distribution . we include our prior in a formulation of image restoration as a bayes estimator that also allows us to solve noise - blind image restoration problems . we show that the gradient of our prior corresponds to the mean - shift vector on the natural image distribution . in addition , we learn the mean - shift vector field using denoising au ←
→ dimension - free tail inequalities for sums of random matrices ; we derive exponential tail inequalities for sums of random matrices with no dependence on the explicit matrix dimensions . these are similar to the matrix versions of the chernoff bound and bernstein inequality except with the explicit matrix dimensions replaced by a trace quantity that can be small even when the dimension is large or infinite . some applications to principal component analysis and approximate matrix multiplication are given to il ←
→ diffusion methods for classification with pairwise relationships ; we define two algorithms for propagating information in classification problems with pairwise relationships . the algorithms are based on contraction maps and are related to non - linear diffusion and random walks on graphs . the approach is also related to message passing algorithms , including belief propagation and mean field methods . the algorithms we describe are guaranteed to converge on graphs with arbitrary topology . moreover they always ←
→ music signal processing using vector product neural networks ; we propose a novel neural network model for music signal processing using vector product neurons and dimensionality transformations . here , the inputs are first mapped from real values into three - dimensional vectors then fed into a three - dimensional vector product neural network where the inputs , outputs , and weights are all three - dimensional values . next , the final outputs are mapped back to the reals . two methods for dimensionality transformati ←
→ multi - level modeling of quotation families morphogenesis ; this paper investigates cultural dynamics in social media by examining the proliferation and diversification of clearly - cut pieces of content : quoted texts . in line with the pioneering work of leskovec et al . and simmons et al . on memes dynamics we investigate in deep the transformations that quotations published online undergo during their diffusion . we deliberately put aside the structure of the social network as well as the dynamical patterns per ←
→ criticality in formal languages and statistical physics ; we show that the mutual information between two symbols , as a function of the number of symbols between the two , decays exponentially in any probabilistic regular grammar , but can decay like a power law for a context - free grammar . this result about formal languages is closely related to a well - known result in classical statistical mechanics that there are no phase transitions in dimensions fewer than two . it is also related to the emergence of power -←
→ a structured argumentation framework for detaching conditional obligations ; we present a general formal argumentation system for dealing with the detachment of conditional obligations . given a set of facts , constraints , and conditional obligations , we answer the question whether an unconditional obligation is detachable by considering reasons for and against its detachment . for the evaluation of arguments in favor of detaching obligations we use a dung - style argumentation - theoretical semantics . we illust ←
→ loopy belief propagation , bethe free energy and graph zeta function ; we propose a new approach to the theoretical analysis of loopy belief propagation ( lbp ) and the bethe free energy ( bfe ) by establishing a formula to connect lbp and bfe with a graph zeta function . the proposed approach is applicable to a wide class of models including multinomial and gaussian types . the connection derives a number of new theoretical results on lbp and bfe . this paper focuses two of such topics . one is the analysis of the ←
→ improving object localization with fitness nms and bounded iou loss ; we demonstrate that many detection methods are designed to identify only a sufficently accurate bounding box , rather than the best available one . to address this issue we propose a simple and fast modification to the existing methods called fitness nms . this method is tested with the denet model and obtains a significantly improved map at greater localization accuracies without a loss in evaluation rate , and can be used in conjunction wit ←
→ proceedings of the twenty - sixth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 2010 ) ; this is the proceedings of the twenty - sixth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held on catalina island , ca , july 8 - 11 2010 .←
→ discriminant projection representation - based classification for vision recognition ; representation - based classification methods such as sparse representation - based classification ( src ) and linear regression classification ( lrc ) have attracted a lot of attentions . in order to obtain the better representation , a novel method called projection representation - based classification ( prc ) is proposed for image recognition in this paper . prc is based on a new mathematical model . this model denotes that the ' idea ←
→ compositional operators in distributional semantics ; this survey presents in some detail the main advances that have been recently taking place in computational linguistics towards the unification of the two prominent semantic paradigms : the compositional formal semantics view and the distributional models of meaning based on vector spaces . after an introduction to these two approaches , i review the most important models that aim to provide compositionality in distributional semantics . then i proceed and p ←
→ parallel aco with a ring neighborhood for dynamic tsp ; the current paper introduces a new parallel computing technique based on ant colony optimization for a dynamic routing problem . in the dynamic traveling salesman problem the distances between cities as travel times are no longer fixed . the new technique uses a parallel model for a problem variant that allows a slight movement of nodes within their neighborhoods . the algorithm is tested with success on several large data sets .←
→ automatic skin lesion segmentation with fully convolutional - deconvolutional networks ; this paper summarizes our method and validation results for the isbi challenge 2017 - skin lesion analysis towards melanoma detection - part i : lesion segmentation ←
→ how to grade a test without knowing the answers --- a bayesian graphical model for adaptive crowdsourcing and aptitude testing ; we propose a new probabilistic graphical model that jointly models the difficulties of questions , the abilities of participants and the correct answers to questions in aptitude testing and crowdsourcing settings . we devise an active learning / adaptive testing scheme based on a greedy minimization of expected model entropy , which allows a more efficient resource allocation by dyna ←
→ passing the brazilian oab exam : data preparation and some experiments ; in brazil , all legal professionals must demonstrate their knowledge of the law and its application by passing the oab exams , the national bar exams . the oab exams therefore provide an excellent benchmark for the performance of legal information systems since passing the exam would arguably signal that the system has acquired capacity of legal reasoning comparable to that of a human lawyer . this article describes the construction of a ne ←
→ adaptive hedge ; most methods for decision - theoretic online learning are based on the hedge algorithm , which takes a parameter called the learning rate . in most previous analyses the learning rate was carefully tuned to obtain optimal worst - case performance , leading to suboptimal performance on easy instances , for example when there exists an action that is significantly better than all others . we propose a new way of setting the learning rate , which adapts to the difficulty of the learning problem : in the ←
→ tree projections and structural decomposition methods : minimality and game - theoretic characterization ; tree projections provide a mathematical framework that encompasses all the various ( purely ) structural decomposition methods that have been proposed in the literature to single out classes of nearly - acyclic ( hyper ) graphs , such as the tree decomposition method , which is the most powerful decomposition method on graphs , and the ( generalized ) hypertree decomposition method , which is its natural counterpart ←
→ water detection through spatio - temporal invariant descriptors ; in this work , we aim to segment and detect water in videos . water detection is beneficial for appllications such as video search , outdoor surveillance , and systems such as unmanned ground vehicles and unmanned aerial vehicles . the specific problem , however , is less discussed compared to general texture recognition . here , we analyze several motion properties of water . first , we describe a video pre - processing step , to increase invariance against ←
→ optimal cluster recovery in the labeled stochastic block model ; we consider the problem of community detection or clustering in the labeled stochastic block model ( lsbm ) with a finite number $ k $ of clusters of sizes linearly growing with the global population of items $ n $. every pair of items is labeled independently at random , and label $\ ell $ appears with probability $ p ( i , j ,\ ell )$ between two items in clusters indexed by $ i $ and $ j $, respectively . the objective is to reconstruct the clusters from the obs ←
→ adaptive matching for expert systems with uncertain task types ; online two - sided matching markets such as q & a forums ( e . g . stackoverflow , quora ) and online labour platforms ( e . g . upwork ) critically rely on the ability to propose adequate matches based on imperfect knowledge of the two parties to be matched . this prompts the following question : which matching recommendation algorithms can , in the presence of such uncertainty , lead to efficient platform operation ? to answer this question , we develop a mode ←
→ interaction histories and short term memory : enactive development of turn - taking behaviors in a childlike humanoid robot ; in this article , an enactive architecture is described that allows a humanoid robot to learn to compose simple actions into turn - taking behaviors while playing interaction games with a human partner . the robot ' s action choices are reinforced by social feedback from the human in the form of visual attention and measures of behavioral synchronization . we demonstrate that the system can ←
→ using latent semantic analysis to identify quality in use ( qu ) indicators from user reviews ; the paper describes a novel approach to categorize users ' reviews according to the three quality in use ( qu ) indicators defined in iso : effectiveness , efficiency and freedom from risk . with the tremendous amount of reviews published each day , there is a need to automatically summarize user reviews to inform us if any of the software able to meet requirement of a company according to the quality requirements . we i ←
→ investigating human priors for playing video games ; what makes humans so good at solving seemingly complex video games ? unlike computers , humans bring in a great deal of prior knowledge about the world , enabling efficient decision making . this paper investigates the role of human priors for solving video games . given a sample game , we conduct a series of ablation studies to quantify the importance of various priors on human performance . we do this by modifying the video game environment to systematically m ←
→ improved transition - based parsing by modeling characters instead of words with lstms ; we present extensions to a continuous - state dependency parsing method that makes it applicable to morphologically rich languages . starting with a high - performance transition - based parser that uses long short - term memory ( lstm ) recurrent neural networks to learn representations of the parser state , we replace lookup - based word representations with representations constructed from the orthographic representations of the w ←
→ exploiting egocentric object prior for 3d saliency detection ; on a minute - to - minute basis people undergo numerous fluid interactions with objects that barely register on a conscious level . recent neuroscientific research demonstrates that humans have a fixed size prior for salient objects . this suggests that a salient object in 3d undergoes a consistent transformation such that people ' s visual system perceives it with an approximately fixed size . this finding indicates that there exists a consistent egocen ←
→ ordinal conditional functions for nearly counterfactual revision ; we are interested in belief revision involving conditional statements where the antecedent is almost certainly false . to represent such problems , we use ordinal conditional functions that may take infinite values . we model belief change in this context through simple arithmetical operations that allow us to capture the intuition that certain antecedents can not be validated by any number of observations . we frame our approach as a form of fi ←
→ owl : yet to arrive on the web of data ? ; seven years on from owl becoming a w3c recommendation , and two years on from the more recent owl 2 w3c recommendation , owl has still experienced only patchy uptake on the web . although certain owl features ( like owl : sameas ) are very popular , other features of owl are largely neglected by publishers in the linked data world . this may suggest that despite the promise of easy implementations and the proposal of tractable profiles suggested in owl ' s second version , there ←
→ fast randomized semi - supervised clustering ; we consider the problem of clustering partially labeled data from a minimal number of randomly chosen pairwise comparisons between the items . we introduce an efficient local algorithm based on a power iteration of the non - backtracking operator and study its performance on a simple model . for the case of two clusters , we give bounds on the classification error and show that a small error can be achieved from $ o ( n )$ randomly chosen measurements , where $ n $ is the nu ←
→ bootstrapping a tagged corpus through combination of existing heterogeneous taggers ; this paper describes a new method , combi - bootstrap , to exploit existing taggers and lexical resources for the annotation of corpora with new tagsets . combi - bootstrap uses existing resources as features for a second level machine learning module , that is trained to make the mapping to the new tagset on a very small sample of annotated corpus material . experiments show that combi - bootstrap : i ) can integrate a wide variety ←
→ modeling uncertain temporal evolutions in model - based diagnosis ; although the notion of diagnostic problem has been extensively investigated in the context of static systems , in most practical applications the behavior of the modeled system is significantly variable during time . the goal of the paper is to propose a novel approach to the modeling of uncertainty about temporal evolutions of time - varying systems and a characterization of model - based temporal diagnosis . since in most real world cases knowledg ←
→ sentence compression as tree transduction ; this paper presents a tree - to - tree transduction method for sentence compression . our model is based on synchronous tree substitution grammar , a formalism that allows local distortion of the tree topology and can thus naturally capture structural mismatches . we describe an algorithm for decoding in this framework and show how the model can be trained discriminatively within a large margin framework . experimental results on sentence compression bring significant imp ←
→ fast clustering for scalable statistical analysis on structured images ; the use of brain images as markers for diseases or behavioral differences is challenged by the small effects size and the ensuing lack of power , an issue that has incited researchers to rely more systematically on large cohorts . coupled with resolution increases , this leads to very large datasets . a striking example in the case of brain imaging is that of the human connectome project : 20 terabytes of data and growing . the resulting dat ←
→ a series of maximum entropy upper bounds of the differential entropy ; we present a series of closed - form maximum entropy upper bounds for the differential entropy of a continuous univariate random variable and study the properties of that series . we then show how to use those generic bounds for upper bounding the differential entropy of gaussian mixture models . this requires to calculate the raw moments and raw absolute moments of gaussian mixtures in closed - form that may also be handy in statistical machi ←
→ stacked quantizers for compositional vector compression ; recently , babenko and lempitsky introduced additive quantization ( aq ), a generalization of product quantization ( pq ) where a non - independent set of codebooks is used to compress vectors into small binary codes . unfortunately , under this scheme encoding cannot be done independently in each codebook , and optimal encoding is an np - hard problem . in this paper , we observe that pq and aq are both compositional quantizers that lie on the extremes of the cod ←
→ learning joint representations of videos and sentences with web image search ; our objective is video retrieval based on natural language queries . in addition , we consider the analogous problem of retrieving sentences or generating descriptions given an input video . recent work has addressed the problem by embedding visual and textual inputs into a common space where semantic similarities correlate to distances . we also adopt the embedding approach , and make the following contributions : first , we utilize ←
→ domain adaptation using adversarial learning for autonomous navigation ; autonomous navigation has become an increasingly popular machine learning application . recent advances in deep learning have also brought huge improvements to autonomous navigation . however , prior outdoor autonomous navigation methods depended on various expensive sensors or expensive and sometimes erroneously labeled real data . in this paper , we propose an autonomous navigation method that does not require expensive labeled real image ←
→ how hard can it be ? estimating the difficulty of visual search in an image ; we address the problem of estimating image difficulty defined as the human response time for solving a visual search task . we collect human annotations of image difficulty for the pascal voc 2012 data set through a crowd - sourcing platform . we then analyze what human interpretable image properties can have an impact on visual search difficulty , and how accurate are those properties for predicting difficulty . next , we build a regre ←
→ a kernel method for the two - sample problem ; we propose a framework for analyzing and comparing distributions , allowing us to design statistical tests to determine if two samples are drawn from different distributions . our test statistic is the largest difference in expectations over functions in the unit ball of a reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ). we present two tests based on large deviation bounds for the test statistic , while a third is based on the asymptotic distribution of this statistic . the ←
→ dictionary learning from incomplete data ; this paper extends the recently proposed and theoretically justified iterative thresholding and $ k $ residual means algorithm itkrm to learning dicionaries from incomplete / masked training data ( itkrmm ). it further adapts the algorithm to the presence of a low rank component in the data and provides a strategy for recovering this low rank component again from incomplete data . several synthetic experiments show the advantages of incorporating information about the cor ←
→ calculating the similarity between words and sentences using a lexical database and corpus statistics ; calculating the semantic similarity between sentences is a long dealt problem in the area of natural language processing . the semantic analysis field has a crucial role to play in the research related to the text analytics . the semantic similarity differs as the domain of operation differs . in this paper , we present a methodology which deals with this issue by incorporating semantic similarity and corpu ←
→ product recognition in store shelves as a sub - graph isomorphism problem ; the arrangement of products in store shelves is carefully planned to maximize sales and keep customers happy . however , verifying compliance of real shelves to the ideal layout is a costly task routinely performed by the store personnel . in this paper , we propose a computer vision pipeline to recognize products on shelves and verify compliance to the planned layout . we deploy local invariant features together with a novel formulation o ←
→ demystifying mmd gans ; we investigate the training and performance of generative adversarial networks using the maximum mean discrepancy ( mmd ) as critic , termed mmd gans . as our main theoretical contribution , we clarify the situation with bias in gan loss functions raised by recent work : we show that gradient estimators used in the optimization process for both mmd gans and wasserstein gans are unbiased , but learning a discriminator based on samples leads to biased gradients for the generator parameters . w ←
→ sublabel - accurate convex relaxation of vectorial multilabel energies ; convex relaxations of nonconvex multilabel problems have been demonstrated to produce superior ( provably optimal or near - optimal ) solutions to a variety of classical computer vision problems . yet , they are of limited practical use as they require a fine discretization of the label space , entailing a huge demand in memory and runtime . in this work , we propose the first sublabel accurate convex relaxation for vectorial multilabel problems .←
→ practical contextual bandits with regression oracles ; a major challenge in contextual bandits is to design general - purpose algorithms that are both practically useful and theoretically well - founded . we present a new technique that has the empirical and computational advantages of realizability - based approaches combined with the flexibility of agnostic methods . our algorithms leverage the availability of a regression oracle for the value - function class , a more realistic and reasonable oracle than the classi ←
→ improved accent classification combining phonetic vowels with acoustic features ; researches have shown accent classification can be improved by integrating semantic information into pure acoustic approach . in this work , we combine phonetic knowledge , such as vowels , with enhanced acoustic features to build an improved accent classification system . the classifier is based on gaussian mixture model - universal background model ( gmm - ubm ), with normalized perceptual linear predictive ( plp ) features . the featur ←
→ une véritable approche $\ ell_0 $ pour l ' apprentissage de dictionnaire ; sparse representation learning has recently gained a great success in signal and image processing , thanks to recent advances in dictionary learning . to this end , the $\ ell_0 $- norm is often used to control the sparsity level . nevertheless , optimization problems based on the $\ ell_0 $- norm are non - convex and np - hard . for these reasons , relaxation techniques have been attracting much attention of researchers , by priorly targeting approximati ←
→ who are the devils wearing prada in new york city ? ; fashion is a perpetual topic in human social life , and the mass has the penchant to emulate what large city residents and celebrities wear . undeniably , new york city is such a bellwether large city with all kinds of fashion leadership . consequently , to study what the fashion trends are during this year , it is very helpful to learn the fashion trends of new york city . discovering fashion trends in new york city could boost many applications such as clothin ←
→ a new learning paradigm for random vector functional - link network : rvfl + ; in school , a teacher plays an important role in various classroom teaching patterns . likewise to this human learning activity , the learning using privileged information ( lupi ) paradigm provides additional information generated by the teacher to ' teach ' learning algorithms during the training stage . therefore , this novel learning paradigm is a typical teacher - student interaction mechanism . this paper is the first to present a random v ←
→ relation networks for object detection ; although it is well believed for years that modeling relations between objects would help object recognition , there has not been evidence that the idea is working in the deep learning era . all state - of - the - art object detection systems still rely on recognizing object instances individually , without exploiting their relations during learning . this work proposes an object relation module . it processes a set of objects simultaneously through interaction between their ←
→ neural slam : learning to explore with external memory ; we present an approach for agents to learn representations of a global map from sensor data , to aid their exploration in new environments . to achieve this , we embed procedures mimicking that of traditional simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ) into the soft attention based addressing of external memory architectures , in which the external memory acts as an internal representation of the environment . this structure encourages the evolution of sla ←
→ issues in communication game ; as interaction between autonomous agents , communication can be analyzed in game - theoretic terms . meaning game is proposed to formalize the core of intended communication in which the sender sends a message and the receiver attempts to infer its meaning intended by the sender . basic issues involved in the game of natural language communication are discussed , such as salience , grammaticality , common sense , and common belief , together with some demonstration of the feasibility of ←
→ entropy of telugu ; this paper presents an investigation of the entropy of the telugu script . since this script is syllabic , and not alphabetic , the computation of entropy is somewhat complicated .←
→ generate to adapt : aligning domains using generative adversarial networks ; domain adaptation is an actively researched problem in computer vision . in this work , we propose an approach that leverages unsupervised data to bring the source and target distributions closer in a learned joint feature space . we accomplish this by inducing a symbiotic relationship between the learned embedding and a generative adversarial network . this is in contrast to methods which use the adversarial framework for realistic d ←
→ blob indentation identification via curvature measurement ; this paper presents a novel method for identifying indentations on the boundary of solid 2d shape . it uses the signed curvature at a set of points along the boundary to identify indentations and provides one parameter for tuning the selection mechanism for discriminating indentations from other boundary irregularities . an efficient implementation is described based on the fourier transform for calculating curvature from a sequence of points obtaine ←
→ learning an executable neural semantic parser ; this paper describes a neural semantic parser that maps natural language utterances onto logical forms which can be executed against a task - specific environment , such as a knowledge base or a database , to produce a response . the parser generates tree - structured logical forms with a transition - based approach which combines a generic tree - generation algorithm with domain - general operations defined by the logical language . the generation process is modeled by str ←
→ deliberation and its role in the formation of intentions ; deliberation plays an important role in the design of rational agents embedded in the real - world . in particular , deliberation leads to the formation of intentions , i . e ., plans of action that the agent is committed to achieving . in this paper , we present a branching time possible - worlds model for representing and reasoning about , beliefs , goals , intentions , time , actions , probabilities , and payoffs . we compare this possible - worlds approach with the m ←
→ espnet : efficient spatial pyramid of dilated convolutions for semantic segmentation ; we introduce a fast and efficient convolutional neural network , espnet , for semantic segmentation of high resolution images under resource constraints . espnet is based on a new convolutional module , efficient spatial pyramid ( esp ), which is efficient in terms of computation , memory , and power . espnet is 22 times faster ( on a standard gpu ) and 180 times smaller than the state - of - the - art semantic segmentation network pspne ←
→ artgan : artwork synthesis with conditional categorical gans ; this paper proposes an extension to the generative adversarial networks ( gans ), namely as artgan to synthetically generate more challenging and complex images such as artwork that have abstract characteristics . this is in contrast to most of the current solutions that focused on generating natural images such as room interiors , birds , flowers and faces . the key innovation of our work is to allow back - propagation of the loss function w . r . t . the la ←
→ efficient phase retrieval based on dark fringe recognition with an ability of bypassing invalid fringes ; this paper discusses the noisy phase retrieval problem : recovering a complex image signal with independent noise from quadratic measurements . inspired by the dark fringes shown in the measured images of the array detector , a novel phase retrieval approach is proposed and demonstrated both theoretically and experimentally to recognize the dark fringes and bypass the invalid fringes . a more accurate rel ←
→ identification of parallel passages across a large hebrew / aramaic corpus ; we propose a method for efficiently finding all parallel passages in a large corpus , even if the passages are not quite identical due to rephrasing and orthographic variation . the key ideas are the representation of each word in the corpus by its two most infrequent letters , finding matched pairs of strings of four or five words that differ by at most one word and then identifying clusters of such matched pairs . using this method , ov ←
→ distributed coordinate descent for generalized linear models with regularization ; generalized linear model with $ l_1 $ and $ l_2 $ regularization is a widely used technique for solving classification , class probability estimation and regression problems . with the numbers of both features and examples growing rapidly in the fields like text mining and clickstream data analysis parallelization and the use of cluster architectures becomes important . we present a novel algorithm for fitting regularized generali ←
→ negative tree reweighted belief propagation ; we introduce a new class of lower bounds on the log partition function of a markov random field which makes use of a reversed jensen ' s inequality . in particular , our method approximates the intractable distribution using a linear combination of spanning trees with negative weights . this technique is a lower - bound counterpart to the tree - reweighted belief propagation algorithm , which uses a convex combination of spanning trees with positive weights to provide cor ←
→ development of an ideal observer that incorporates nuisance parameters and processes list - mode data ; observer models were developed to process data in list - mode format in order to perform binary discrimination tasks for use in an arms - control - treaty context . data used in this study was generated using geant4 monte carlo simulations for photons using custom models of plutonium inspection objects and a radiation imaging system . observer model performance was evaluated and presented using the area under the ←
→ towards evaluating the robustness of neural networks ; neural networks provide state - of - the - art results for most machine learning tasks . unfortunately , neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples : given an input $ x $ and any target classification $ t $, it is possible to find a new input $ x '$ that is similar to $ x $ but classified as $ t $. this makes it difficult to apply neural networks in security - critical areas . defensive distillation is a recently proposed approach that can take an arbitrary neura ←
→ convergent approximate solving of first - order constraints by approximate quantifiers ; exactly solving first - order constraints ( i . e ., first - order formulas over a certain predefined structure ) can be a very hard , or even undecidable problem . in continuous structures like the real numbers it is promising to compute approximate solutions instead of exact ones . however , the quantifiers of the first - order predicate language are an obstacle to allowing approximations to arbitrary small error bounds . in this pap ←
→ detecting spacecraft anomalies using lstms and nonparametric dynamic thresholding ; as spacecraft send back increasing amounts of telemetry data , improved anomaly detection systems are needed to lessen the monitoring burden placed on operations engineers and reduce operational risk . current spacecraft monitoring systems only target a subset of anomaly types and often require costly expert knowledge to develop and maintain due to challenges involving scale and complexity . we demonstrate the effectiveness o ←
→ risk - sensitive reinforcement learning ; we derive a family of risk - sensitive reinforcement learning methods for agents , who face sequential decision - making tasks in uncertain environments . by applying a utility function to the temporal difference ( td ) error , nonlinear transformations are effectively applied not only to the received rewards but also to the true transition probabilities of the underlying markov decision process . when appropriate utility functions are chosen , the agents ' behaviors express key ←
→ synthesizing neural network controllers with probabilistic model based reinforcement learning ; we present an algorithm for rapidly learning controllers for robotics systems . the algorithm follows the model - based reinforcement learning paradigm , and improves upon existing algorithms ; namely probabilistic learning in control ( pilco ) and a sample - based version of pilco with neural network dynamics ( deep - pilco ). we propose training a neural network dynamics model using variational dropout with truncated log -←
→ sparse algorithm for robust lssvm in primal space ; as enjoying the closed form solution , least squares support vector machine ( lssvm ) has been widely used for classification and regression problems having the comparable performance with other types of svms . however , lssvm has two drawbacks : sensitive to outliers and lacking sparseness . robust lssvm ( r - lssvm ) overcomes the first partly via nonconvex truncated loss function , but the current algorithms for r - lssvm with the dense solution are faced with the se ←
→ lots about attacking deep features ; deep neural networks provide state - of - the - art performance on various tasks and are , therefore , widely used in real world applications . dnns are becoming frequently utilized in biometrics for extracting deep features , which can be used in recognition systems for enrolling and recognizing new individuals . it was revealed that deep neural networks suffer from a fundamental problem , namely , they can unexpectedly misclassify examples formed by slightly perturbing correctly re ←
→ topological tracking of connected components in image sequences ; persistent homology provides information about the lifetime of homology classes along a filtration of cell complexes . persistence barcode is a graphical representation of such information . a filtration might be determined by time in a set of spatiotemporal data , but classical methods for computing persistent homology do not respect the fact that we can not move backwards in time . in this paper , taking as input a time - varying sequence of two - d ←
→ a spatial compositional model ( scm ) for linear unmixing and endmember uncertainty estimation ; the normal compositional model ( ncm ) has been extensively used in hyperspectral unmixing . however , most of the previous research has focused on estimation of endmembers and / or their variability . also , little work has employed spatial information in ncm . in this paper , we show that ncm can be used for calculating the uncertainty of the estimated endmembers with spatial priors incorporated for better unmixing . thi ←
→ the game imitation : deep supervised convolutional networks for quick video game ai ; we present a vision - only model for gaming ai which uses a late integration deep convolutional network architecture trained in a purely supervised imitation learning context . although state - of - the - art deep learning models for video game tasks generally rely on more complex methods such as deep - q learning , we show that a supervised model which requires substantially fewer resources and training time can already perform well ←
→ closed - form training of conditional random fields for large scale image segmentation ; we present ls - crf , a new method for very efficient large - scale training of conditional random fields ( crfs ). it is inspired by existing closed - form expressions for the maximum likelihood parameters of a generative graphical model with tree topology . ls - crf training requires only solving a set of independent regression problems , for which closed - form expression as well as efficient iterative solvers are available . this m ←
→ exact camera location recovery by least unsquared deviations ; we establish exact recovery for the least unsquared deviations ( lud ) algorithm of \"{ o } zyesil and singer . more precisely , we show that for sufficiently many cameras with given corrupted pairwise directions , where both camera locations and pairwise directions are generated by a special probabilistic model , the lud algorithm exactly recovers the camera locations with high probability . a similar exact recovery guarantee was established for the shap ←
→ projection bank : from high - dimensional data to medium - length binary codes ; recently , very high - dimensional feature representations , e . g ., fisher vector , have achieved excellent performance for visual recognition and retrieval . however , these lengthy representations always cause extremely heavy computational and storage costs and even become unfeasible in some large - scale applications . a few existing techniques can transfer very high - dimensional data into binary codes , but they still require the reduced c ←
→ youtube - 8m : a large - scale video classification benchmark ; many recent advancements in computer vision are attributed to large datasets . open - source software packages for machine learning and inexpensive commodity hardware have reduced the barrier of entry for exploring novel approaches at scale . it is possible to train models over millions of examples within a few days . although large - scale datasets exist for image understanding , such as imagenet , there are no comparable size video classification datasets .←
→ rapid and deterministic estimation of probability densities using scale - free field theories ; the question of how best to estimate a continuous probability density from finite data is an intriguing open problem at the interface of statistics and physics . previous work has argued that this problem can be addressed in a natural way using methods from statistical field theory . here i describe new results that allow this field - theoretic approach to be rapidly and deterministically computed in low dimensions , ←
→ combinatorial continuous maximal flows ; maximum flow ( and minimum cut ) algorithms have had a strong impact on computer vision . in particular , graph cuts algorithms provide a mechanism for the discrete optimization of an energy functional which has been used in a variety of applications such as image segmentation , stereo , image stitching and texture synthesis . algorithms based on the classical formulation of max - flow defined on a graph are known to exhibit metrication artefacts in the solution . therefore , a ←
→ new perspectives on k - support and cluster norms ; the $ k $- support norm is a regularizer which has been successfully applied to sparse vector prediction problems . we show that it belongs to a general class of norms which can be formulated as a parameterized infimum over quadratics . we further extend the $ k $- support norm to matrices , and we observe that it is a special case of the matrix cluster norm . using this formulation we derive an efficient algorithm to compute the proximity operator of both norms . this ←
→ a flexible approach to automated rnn architecture generation ; the process of designing neural architectures requires expert knowledge and extensive trial and error . while automated architecture search may simplify these requirements , the recurrent neural network ( rnn ) architectures generated by existing methods are limited in both flexibility and components . we propose a domain - specific language ( dsl ) for use in automated architecture search which can produce novel rnns of arbitrary depth and width . the ds ←
→ fast training of effective multi - class boosting using coordinate descent optimization ; wepresentanovelcolumngenerationbasedboostingmethod for multi - class classification . our multi - class boosting is formulated in a single optimization problem as in shen and hao ( 2011 ). different from most existing multi - class boosting methods , which use the same set of weak learners for all the classes , we train class specified weak learners ( i . e ., each class has a different set of weak learners ). we show that using separ ←
→ new heuristics for interfacing human motor system using brain waves ; there are many new forms of interfacing human users to machines . we persevere here electric mechanical form of interaction between human and machine . the emergence of brain - computer interface allows mind - to - movement systems . the story of the pied piper inspired us to devise some new heuristics for interfacing human motor system using brain waves by combining head helmet and lumbarmotionmonitor for the simulation we use java gridgain brain ←
→ calibration of multiple fish - eye cameras using a wand ; fish - eye cameras are becoming increasingly popular in computer vision , but their use for 3d measurement is limited partly due to the lack of an accurate , efficient and user - friendly calibration procedure . for such a purpose , we propose a method to calibrate the intrinsic and extrinsic parameters ( including radial distortion parameters ) of two / multiple fish - eye cameras simultaneously by using a wand under general motions . thanks to the generic camera mo ←
→ classification of diabetes mellitus using modified particle swarm optimization and least squares support vector machine ; diabetes mellitus is a major health problem all over the world . many classification algorithms have been applied for its diagnoses and treatment . in this paper , a hybrid algorithm of modified - particle swarm optimization and least squares - support vector machine is proposed for the classification of type ii dm patients . ls - svm algorithm is used for classification by finding optimal hype ←
→ end - to - end deep reinforcement learning for lane keeping assist ; reinforcement learning is considered to be a strong ai paradigm which can be used to teach machines through interaction with the environment and learning from their mistakes , but it has not yet been successfully used for automotive applications . there has recently been a revival of interest in the topic , however , driven by the ability of deep learning algorithms to learn good representations of the environment . motivated by google deepmind ' s s ←
→ evaluating the effectiveness of ensembles of decision trees in disambiguating senseval lexical samples ; this paper presents an evaluation of an ensemble -- based system that participated in the english and spanish lexical sample tasks of senseval - 2 . the system combines decision trees of unigrams , bigrams , and co -- occurrences into a single classifier . the analysis is extended to include the senseval - 1 data .←
→ super - resolving multiresolution images with band - independant geometry of multispectral pixels ; a new resolution enhancement method is presented for multispectral and multi - resolution images , such as these provided by the sentinel - 2 satellites . starting from the highest resolution bands , band - dependent information ( reflectance ) is separated from information that is common to all bands ( geometry of scene elements ). this model is then applied to unmix low - resolution bands , preserving their reflectance , whil ←
→ risk and regret of hierarchical bayesian learners ; common statistical practice has shown that the full power of bayesian methods is not realized until hierarchical priors are used , as these allow for greater " robustness " and the ability to " share statistical strength ." yet it is an ongoing challenge to provide a learning - theoretically sound formalism of such notions that : offers practical guidance concerning when and how best to utilize hierarchical models ; provides insights into what makes for a good hier ←
→ sensor fusion of camera , gps and imu using fuzzy adaptive multiple motion models ; a tracking system that will be used for augmented reality ( ar ) applications has two main requirements : accuracy and frame rate . the first requirement is related to the performance of the pose estimation algorithm and how accurately the tracking system can find the position and orientation of the user in the environment . accuracy problems of current tracking devices , considering that they are low - cost devices , cause static e ←
→ sequential outlier detection based on incremental decision trees ; we introduce an online outlier detection algorithm to detect outliers in a sequentially observed data stream . for this purpose , we use a two - stage filtering and hedging approach . in the first stage , we construct a multi - modal probability density function to model the normal samples . in the second stage , given a new observation , we label it as an anomaly if the value of aforementioned density function is below a specified threshold at the new ←
→ dynamic demand - capacity balancing for air traffic management using constraint - based local search : first results ; using constraint - based local search , we effectively model and efficiently solve the problem of balancing the traffic demands on portions of the european airspace while ensuring that their capacity constraints are satisfied . the traffic demand of a portion of airspace is the hourly number of flights planned to enter it , and its capacity is the upper bound on this number under which air - traffic ←
→ wxbs : wide baseline stereo generalizations ; we have presented a new problem -- the wide multiple baseline stereo ( wxbs ) -- which considers matching of images that simultaneously differ in more than one image acquisition factor such as viewpoint , illumination , sensor type or where object appearance changes significantly , e . g . over time . a new dataset with the ground truth for evaluation of matching algorithms has been introduced and will be made public . we have extensively tested a large set of popular an ←
→ quadrature - based features for kernel approximation ; we consider the problem of improving kernel approximation via randomized feature maps . these maps arise as monte carlo approximation to integral representations of kernel functions and scale up kernel methods for larger datasets . we propose to use more efficient numerical integration technique to obtain better estimates of the integrals compared to the state - of - the - art methods . our approach allows the use of information about the integrand to enhance appr ←
→ an improved gauss - newtons method based back - propagation algorithm for fast convergence ; the present work deals with an improved back - propagation algorithm based on gauss - newton numerical optimization method for fast convergence . the steepest descent method is used for the back - propagation . the algorithm is tested using various datasets and compared with the steepest descent back - propagation algorithm . in the system , optimization is carried out using multilayer neural network . the efficacy of the proposed ←
→ rra : recurrent residual attention for sequence learning ; in this paper , we propose a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) with residual attention ( rra ) to learn long - range dependencies from sequential data . we propose to add residual connections across timesteps to rnn , which explicitly enhances the interaction between current state and hidden states that are several timesteps apart . this also allows training errors to be directly back - propagated through residual connections and effectively alleviates gradient v ←
→ proximity variational inference ; variational inference is a powerful approach for approximate posterior inference . however , it is sensitive to initialization and can be subject to poor local optima . in this paper , we develop proximity variational inference ( pvi ). pvi is a new method for optimizing the variational objective that constrains subsequent iterates of the variational parameters to robustify the optimization path . consequently , pvi is less sensitive to initialization and optimization quirks and fi ←
→ a hybrid neuro -- wavelet predictor for qos control and stability ; for distributed systems to properly react to peaks of requests , their adaptation activities would benefit from the estimation of the amount of requests . this paper proposes a solution to produce a short - term forecast based on data characterising user behaviour of online services . we use \ emph { wavelet analysis }, providing compression and denoising on the observed time series of the amount of past user requests ; and a \ emph { recurrent neural net ←
→ a hybrid aco algorithm for the next release problem ; in this paper , we propose a hybrid ant colony optimization algorithm ( haco ) for next release problem ( nrp ). nrp , a np - hard problem in requirement engineering , is to balance customer requests , resource constraints , and requirement dependencies by requirement selection . inspired by the successes of ant colony optimization algorithms ( aco ) for solving np - hard problems , we design our haco to approximately solve nrp . similar to traditional aco algorithms , mul ←
→ merging and shifting of images with prominence coefficient for predictive analysis using combined image ; shifting of objects in an image and merging many images after appropriate shifting is being used in several engineering and scientific applications which require complex perception development . a method has been presented here which could be used in precision engineering and biological applications where more precise prediction is required of a combined phenomenon with varying prominence of each pheno ←
→ multi - objective contextual bandit problem with similarity information ; in this paper we propose the multi - objective contextual bandit problem with similarity information . this problem extends the classical contextual bandit problem with similarity information by introducing multiple and possibly conflicting objectives . since the best arm in each objective can be different given the context , learning the best arm based on a single objective can jeopardize the rewards obtained from the other objectives . in o ←
→ learning and tuning meta - heuristics in plan space planning ; in recent years , the planning community has observed that techniques for learning heuristic functions have yielded improvements in performance . one approach is to use offline learning to learn predictive models from existing heuristics in a domain dependent manner . these learned models are deployed as new heuristic functions . the learned models can in turn be tuned online using a domain independent error correction approach to further enhance thei ←
→ learning phonotactics using ilp ; this paper describes experiments on learning dutch phonotactic rules using inductive logic programming , a machine learning discipline based on inductive logical operators . two different ways of approaching the problem are experimented with , and compared against each other as well as with related work on the task . the results show a direct correspondence between the quality and informedness of the background knowledge and the constructed theory , demonstrating the ability of ←
→ using artificial bee colony algorithm for mlp training on earthquake time series data prediction ; nowadays , computer scientists have shown the interest in the study of social insect ' s behaviour in neural networks area for solving different combinatorial and statistical problems . chief among these is the artificial bee colony ( abc ) algorithm . this paper investigates the use of abc algorithm that simulates the intelligent foraging behaviour of a honey bee swarm . multilayer perceptron ( mlp ) trained with the ←
→ l4 : practical loss - based stepsize adaptation for deep learning ; we propose a stepsize adaptation scheme for stochastic gradient descent . it operates directly with the loss function and rescales the gradient in order to make fixed predicted progress on the loss . we demonstrate its capabilities by strongly improving the performance of adam and momentum optimizers . the enhanced optimizers with default hyperparameters consistently outperform their constant stepsize counterparts , even the best ones , without a m ←
→ solving a new 3d bin packing problem with deep reinforcement learning method ; in this paper , a new type of 3d bin packing problem ( bpp ) is proposed , in which a number of cuboid - shaped items must be put into a bin one by one orthogonally . the objective is to find a way to place these items that can minimize the surface area of the bin . this problem is based on the fact that there is no fixed - sized bin in many real business scenarios and the cost of a bin is proportional to its surface area . our research s ←
→ it ' s about time : online macrotask sequencing in expert crowdsourcing ; we introduce the problem of task assignment and sequencing ( tas ), which adds the timeline perspective to expert crowdsourcing optimization . expert crowdsourcing involves macrotasks , like document writing , product design , or web development , which take more time than typical binary microtasks , require expert skills , assume varying degrees of knowledge over a topic , and require crowd workers to build on each other ' s contributions . current ←
→ co - domain embedding using deep quadruplet networks for unseen traffic sign recognition ; recent advances in visual recognition show overarching success by virtue of large amounts of supervised data . however , the acquisition of a large supervised dataset is often challenging . this is also true for intelligent transportation applications , i . e ., traffic sign recognition . for example , a model trained with data of one country may not be easily generalized to another country without much data . we propose a novel ←
→ improving heuristics through relaxed search - an analysis of tp4 and hsp * a in the 2004 planning competition ; the hm admissible heuristics for ( sequential and temporal ) regression planning are defined by a parameterized relaxation of the optimal cost function in the regression search space , where the parameter m offers a trade - off between the accuracy and computational cost of theheuristic . existing methods for computing the hm heuristic require time exponential in m , limiting them to small values ( m andl ←
→ crafting adversarial input sequences for recurrent neural networks ; machine learning models are frequently used to solve complex security problems , as well as to make decisions in sensitive situations like guiding autonomous vehicles or predicting financial market behaviors . previous efforts have shown that numerous machine learning models were vulnerable to adversarial manipulations of their inputs taking the form of adversarial samples . such inputs are crafted by adding carefully selected perturbations t ←
→ opencfu , a new free and open - source software to count cell colonies and other circular objects ; counting circular objects such as cell colonies is an important source of information for biologists . although this task is often time - consuming and subjective , it is still predominantly performed manually . the aim of the present work is to provide a new tool to enumerate circular objects from digital pictures and video streams . here , i demonstrate that the created program , opencfu , is very robust , accurate an ←
→ semantic reasoning for context - aware internet of things applications ; advances in ict are bringing into reality the vision of a large number of uniquely identifiable , interconnected objects and things that gather information from diverse physical environments and deliver the information to a variety of innovative applications and services . these sensing objects and things form the internet of things ( iot ) that can improve energy and cost efficiency and automation in many different industry fields such as t ←
→ polynomial time algorithms for dual volume sampling ; we study dual volume sampling , a method for selecting k columns from an n x m short and wide matrix ( n <= k <= m ) such that the probability of selection is proportional to the volume spanned by the rows of the induced submatrix . this method was proposed by avron and boutsidis ( 2013 ), who showed it to be a promising method for column subset selection and its multiple applications . however , its wider adoption has been hampered by the lack of polynomial tim ←
→ indowordnets help in indian language machine translation ; being less resource languages , indian - indian and english - indian language mt system developments faces the difficulty to translate various lexical phenomena . in this paper , we present our work on a comparative study of 440 phrase - based statistical trained models for 110 language pairs across 11 indian languages . we have developed 110 baseline statistical machine translation systems . then we have augmented the training corpus with indowordnet synset w ←
→ group visual sentiment analysis ; in this paper , we introduce a framework for classifying images according to high - level sentiment . we subdivide the task into three primary problems : emotion classification on faces , human pose estimation , and 3d estimation and clustering of groups of people . we introduce novel algorithms for matching body parts to a common individual and clustering people in images based on physical location and orientation . our results outperform several baseline approaches .←
→ binary patterns encoded convolutional neural networks for texture recognition and remote sensing scene classification ; designing discriminative powerful texture features robust to realistic imaging conditions is a challenging computer vision problem with many applications , including material recognition and analysis of satellite or aerial imagery . in the past , most texture description approaches were based on dense orderless statistical distribution of local features . however , most recent approaches to t ←
→ spaceprint : a mobility - based fingerprinting scheme for public spaces ; in this paper , we address the problem of how automated situation - awareness can be achieved by learning real - world situations from ubiquitously generated mobility data . without semantic input about the time and space where situations take place , this turns out to be a fundamental challenging problem . uncertainties also introduce technical challenges when data is generated in irregular time intervals , being mixed with noise , and errors . pu ←
→ unsupervised feature learning for low - level local image descriptors ; unsupervised feature learning has shown impressive results for a wide range of input modalities , in particular for object classification tasks in computer vision . using a large amount of unlabeled data , unsupervised feature learning methods are utilized to construct high - level representations that are discriminative enough for subsequently trained supervised classification algorithms . however , it has never been \ emph { quantitatively } inves ←
→ deep activity recognition models with triaxial accelerometers ; despite the widespread installation of accelerometers in almost all mobile phones and wearable devices , activity recognition using accelerometers is still immature due to the poor recognition accuracy of existing recognition methods and the scarcity of labeled training data . we consider the problem of human activity recognition using triaxial accelerometers and deep learning paradigms . this paper shows that deep activity recognition models ( a ) ←
→ terrorism event classification using fuzzy inference systems ; terrorism has led to many problems in thai societies , not only property damage but also civilian casualties . predicting terrorism activities in advance can help prepare and manage risk from sabotage by these activities . this paper proposes a framework focusing on event classification in terrorism domain using fuzzy inference systems ( fiss ). each fis is a decision - making model combining fuzzy logic and approximate reasoning . it is generated in fi ←
→ approximation of functions over manifolds : a moving least - squares approach ; we present an algorithm for approximating a function defined over a $ d $- dimensional manifold utilizing only noisy function values at locations sampled from the manifold with noise . to produce the approximation we do not require any knowledge regarding the manifold other than its dimension $ d $. the approximation scheme is based upon the manifold moving least - squares ( mmls ). the proposed algorithm is resistant to noise in both the ←
→ a polynomial time approximation scheme for a single machine scheduling problem using a hybrid evolutionary algorithm ; nowadays hybrid evolutionary algorithms , i . e , heuristic search algorithms combining several mutation operators some of which are meant to implement stochastically a well known technique designed for the specific problem in question while some others playing the role of random search , have become rather popular for tackling various np - hard optimization problems . while empirical studies dem ←
→ an exponential lower bound on the complexity of regularization paths ; for a variety of regularized optimization problems in machine learning , algorithms computing the entire solution path have been developed recently . most of these methods are quadratic programs that are parameterized by a single parameter , as for example the support vector machine ( svm ). solution path algorithms do not only compute the solution for one particular value of the regularization parameter but the entire path of solutions , maki ←
→ shape primitive histogram : a novel low - level face representation for face recognition ; we further exploit the representational power of haar wavelet and present a novel low - level face representation named shape primitives histogram ( sph ) for face recognition . since human faces exist abundant shape features , we address the face representation issue from the perspective of the shape feature extraction . in our approach , we divide faces into a number of tiny shape fragments and reduce these shape fragments t ←
→ multiple instance detection network with online instance classifier refinement ; of late , weakly supervised object detection is with great importance in object recognition . based on deep learning , weakly supervised detectors have achieved many promising results . however , compared with fully supervised detection , it is more challenging to train deep network based detectors in a weakly supervised manner . here we formulate weakly supervised detection as a multiple instance learning ( mil ) problem , where insta ←
→ mobile camera array calibration for light field acquisition ; the light field camera is useful for computer graphics and vision applications . calibration is an essential step for these applications . after calibration , we can rectify the captured image by using the calibrated camera parameters . however , the large camera array calibration method , which assumes that all cameras are on the same plane , ignores the orientation and intrinsic parameters . the multi - camera calibration technique usually assumes that t ←
→ how big is big enough ? unsupervised word sense disambiguation using a very large corpus ; in this paper , the problem of disambiguating a target word for polish is approached by searching for related words with known meaning . these relatives are used to build a training corpus from unannotated text . this technique is improved by proposing new rich sources of replacements that substitute the traditional requirement of monosemy with heuristics based on wordnet relations . the na \" ive bayesian classifier has b ←
→ kernel least mean square with adaptive kernel size ; kernel adaptive filters ( kaf ) are a class of powerful nonlinear filters developed in reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ). the gaussian kernel is usually the default kernel in kaf algorithms , but selecting the proper kernel size ( bandwidth ) is still an open important issue especially for learning with small sample sizes . in previous research , the kernel size was set manually or estimated in advance by silvermans rule based on the sample distribution . t ←
→ high - dynamic - range imaging for cloud segmentation ; sky / cloud images obtained from ground - based sky - cameras are usually captured using a fish - eye lens with a wide field of view . however , the sky exhibits a large dynamic range in terms of luminance , more than a conventional camera can capture . it is thus difficult to capture the details of an entire scene with a regular camera in a single shot . in most cases , the circumsolar region is over - exposed , and the regions near the horizon are under - exposed . this ren ←
→ path consistency learning in tsallis entropy regularized mdps ; we study the sparse entropy - regularized reinforcement learning ( erl ) problem in which the entropy term is a special form of the tsallis entropy . the optimal policy of this formulation is sparse , i . e .,~ at each state , it has non - zero probability for only a small number of actions . this addresses the main drawback of the standard shannon entropy - regularized rl ( soft erl ) formulation , in which the optimal policy is softmax , and thus , may assign a n ←
→ realizing half - diminished reality from video stream of manipulating objects ; when we watch a video , in which human hands manipulate objects , these hands may obscure some parts of those objects . we are willing to make clear how the objects are manipulated by making the image of hands semi - transparent , and showing the complete images of the hands and the object . by carefully choosing a half - diminished reality method , this paper proposes a method that can process the video in real time and verifies that the ←
→ massively increasing timex3 resources : a transduction approach ; automatic annotation of temporal expressions is a research challenge of great interest in the field of information extraction . gold standard temporally - annotated resources are limited in size , which makes research using them difficult . standards have also evolved over the past decade , so not all temporally annotated data is in the same format . we vastly increase available human - annotated temporal expression resources by converting older format ←
→ a recommender system to restore images with impulse noise ; we build a collaborative filtering recommender system to restore images with impulse noise for which the noisy pixels have been previously identified . we define this recommender system in terms of a new color image representation using three matrices that depend on the noise - free pixels of the image to restore , and two parameters : $ k $, the number of features ; and $\ lambda $, the regularization factor . we perform experiments on a well known image dat ←
→ tractable optimization problems through hypergraph - based structural restrictions ; several variants of the constraint satisfaction problem have been proposed and investigated in the literature for modelling those scenarios where solutions are associated with some given costs . within these frameworks computing an optimal solution is an np - hard problem in general ; yet , when restricted over classes of instances whose constraint interactions can be modelled via ( nearly -) acyclic graphs , this problem is known t ←
→ exact sampling of determinantal point processes without eigendecomposition ; determinantal point processes ( dpps ) enable the modelling of repulsion : they provide diverse sets of points . this repulsion is encoded in a kernel k that we can see as a matrix storing the similarity between points . the usual algorithm to sample dpps is exact but it uses the spectral decomposition of k , a computation that becomes costly when dealing with a high number of points . here , we present an alternative exact algorithm tha ←
→ on conditional parity as a notion of non - discrimination in machine learning ; we identify conditional parity as a general notion of non - discrimination in machine learning . in fact , several recently proposed notions of non - discrimination , including a few counterfactual notions , are instances of conditional parity . we show that conditional parity is amenable to statistical analysis by studying randomization as a general mechanism for achieving conditional parity and a kernel - based test of conditional parity ←
→ smart pacing for effective online ad campaign optimization ; in targeted online advertising , advertisers look for maximizing campaign performance under delivery constraint within budget schedule . most of the advertisers typically prefer to impose the delivery constraint to spend budget smoothly over the time in order to reach a wider range of audiences and have a sustainable impact . since lots of impressions are traded through public auctions for online advertising today , the liquidity makes price elasticit ←
→ on the inconsistency of $\ ell_1 $- penalised sparse precision matrix estimation ; various $\ ell_1 $- penalised estimation methods such as graphical lasso and clime are widely used for sparse precision matrix estimation . many of these methods have been shown to be consistent under various quantitative assumptions about the underlying true covariance matrix . intuitively , these conditions are related to situations where the penalty term will dominate the optimisation . in this paper , we explore the consistency of ←
→ interactive visual data exploration with subjective feedback : an information - theoretic approach ; visual exploration of high - dimensional real - valued datasets is a fundamental task in exploratory data analysis ( eda ). existing methods use predefined criteria to choose the representation of data . there is a lack of methods that ( i ) elicit from the user what she has learned from the data and ( ii ) show patterns that she does not know yet . we construct a theoretical model where identified patterns can be input ←
→ image segmentation by size - dependent single linkage clustering of a watershed basin graph ; we present a method for hierarchical image segmentation that defines a disaffinity graph on the image , over - segments it into watershed basins , defines a new graph on the basins , and then merges basins with a modified , size - dependent version of single linkage clustering . the quasilinear runtime of the method makes it suitable for segmenting large images . we illustrate the method on the challenging problem of segment ←
→ draw : a recurrent neural network for image generation ; this paper introduces the deep recurrent attentive writer ( draw ) neural network architecture for image generation . draw networks combine a novel spatial attention mechanism that mimics the foveation of the human eye , with a sequential variational auto - encoding framework that allows for the iterative construction of complex images . the system substantially improves on the state of the art for generative models on mnist , and , when trained on the street v ←
→ a tool for computing and estimating the volume of the solution space of smt ( la ) ; there are already quite a few tools for solving the satisfiability modulo theories ( smt ) problems . in this paper , we present \ texttt { volce }, a tool for counting the solutions of smt constraints , or in other words , for computing the volume of the solution space . its input is essentially a set of boolean combinations of linear constraints , where the numeric variables are either all integers or all reals , and each variable is b ←
→ crescendonet : a simple deep convolutional neural network with ensemble behavior ; we introduce a new deep convolutional neural network , crescendonet , by stacking simple building blocks without residual connections . each crescendo block contains independent convolution paths with increased depths . the numbers of convolution layers and parameters are only increased linearly in crescendo blocks . in experiments , crescendonet with only 15 layers outperforms almost all networks without residual connections on b ←
→ identifying phrasemes via interlingual association measures -- a data - driven approach on dependency - parsed and word - aligned parallel corpora ; this is a preprint of the article " identifying phrasemes via interlingual association measures " that was presented in february 2016 at the leko ( lexical combinations and typified speech in a multilingual context ) conference in innsbruck .←
→ an ensemble of deep convolutional neural networks for alzheimer ' s disease detection and classification ; alzheimer ' s disease destroys brain cells causing people to lose their memory , mental functions and ability to continue daily activities . it is a severe neurological brain disorder which is not curable , but earlier detection of alzheimer ' s disease can help for proper treatment and to prevent brain tissue damage . detection and classification of alzheimer ' s disease ( ad ) is challenging because sometimes th ←
→ topic modelling and event identification from twitter textual data ; the tremendous growth of social media content on the internet has inspired the development of the text analytics to understand and solve real - life problems . leveraging statistical topic modelling helps researchers and practitioners in better comprehension of textual content as well as provides useful information for further analysis . statistical topic modelling becomes especially important when we work with large volumes of dynamic text , e ←
→ temporally coherent bayesian models for entity discovery in videos by tracklet clustering ; a video can be represented as a sequence of tracklets , each spanning 10 - 20 frames , and associated with one entity ( eg . a person ). the task of \ emph { entity discovery } in videos can be naturally posed as tracklet clustering . we approach this task by leveraging \ emph { temporal coherence }( tc ): the fundamental property of videos that each tracklet is likely to be associated with the same entity as its temporal neighbors .←
→ efficient em training of gaussian mixtures with missing data ; in data - mining applications , we are frequently faced with a large fraction of missing entries in the data matrix , which is problematic for most discriminant machine learning algorithms . a solution that we explore in this paper is the use of a generative model ( a mixture of gaussians ) to compute the conditional expectation of the missing variables given the observed variables . since training a gaussian mixture with many different patterns of miss ←
→ logic program specialisation through partial deduction : control issues ; program specialisation aims at improving the overall performance of programs by performing source to source transformations . a common approach within functional and logic programming , known respectively as partial evaluation and partial deduction , is to exploit partial knowledge about the input . it is achieved through a well - automated application of parts of the burstall - darlington unfold / fold transformation framework . the main challen ←
→ an optimized hybrid approach for path finding ; path finding algorithm addresses problem of finding shortest path from source to destination avoiding obstacles . there exist various search algorithms namely a *, dijkstra ' s and ant colony optimization . unlike most path finding algorithms which require destination co - ordinates to compute path , the proposed algorithm comprises of a new method which finds path using backtracking without requiring destination co - ordinates . moreover , in existing path finding algori ←
→ learning to optimize ; algorithm design is a laborious process and often requires many iterations of ideation and validation . in this paper , we explore automating algorithm design and present a method to learn an optimization algorithm , which we believe to be the first method that can automatically discover a better algorithm . we approach this problem from a reinforcement learning perspective and represent any particular optimization algorithm as a policy . we learn an optimization algorithm using guided pol ←
→ mcgan : mean and covariance feature matching gan ; we introduce new families of integral probability metrics ( ipm ) for training generative adversarial networks ( gan ). our ipms are based on matching statistics of distributions embedded in a finite dimensional feature space . mean and covariance feature matching ipms allow for stable training of gans , which we will call mcgan . mcgan minimizes a meaningful loss between distributions .←
→ on an ethical use of neural networks : a case study on a north indian raga ; the paper gives an artificial neural network ( ann ) approach to time series modeling , the data being instance versus notes ( characterized by pitch ) depicting the structure of a north indian raga , namely , bageshree . respecting the sentiments of the artists ' community , the paper argues why it is more ethical to model a structure than try and " manufacture " an artist by training the neural network to copy performances of artists . india ←
→ distance metric ensemble learning and the andrews - curtis conjecture ; motivated by the search for a counterexample to the poincar \' e conjecture in three and four dimensions , the andrews - curtis conjecture was proposed in 1965 . it is now generally suspected that the andrews - curtis conjecture is false , but small potential counterexamples are not so numerous , and previous work has attempted to eliminate some via combinatorial search . progress has however been limited , with the most successful approach ( breadth -←
→ active community detection : a maximum likelihood approach ; we propose novel semi - supervised and active learning algorithms for the problem of community detection on networks . the algorithms are based on optimizing the likelihood function of the community assignments given a graph and an estimate of the statistical model that generated it . the optimization framework is inspired by prior work on the unsupervised community detection problem in stochastic block models ( sbm ) using semi - definite programming ( sdp ←
→ the knowledge gradient with logistic belief models for binary classification ; we consider sequential decision making problems for binary classification scenario in which the learner takes an active role in repeatedly selecting samples from the action pool and receives the binary label of the selected alternatives . our problem is motivated by applications where observations are time consuming and / or expensive , resulting in small samples . the goal is to identify the best alternative with the highest respon ←
→ end - to - end recovery of human shape and pose ; we describe human mesh recovery ( hmr ), an end - to - end framework for reconstructing a full 3d mesh of a human body from a single rgb image . in contrast to most current methods that compute 2d or 3d joint locations , we produce a richer and more useful mesh representation that is parameterized by shape and 3d joint angles . the main objective is to minimize the reprojection loss of keypoints , which allow our model to be trained using in - the - wild images that only have ←
→ a new urban objects detection framework using weakly annotated sets ; urban informatics explore data science methods to address different urban issues intensively based on data . the large variety and quantity of data available should be explored but this brings important challenges . for instance , although there are powerful computer vision methods that may be explored , they may require large annotated datasets . in this work we propose a novel approach to automatically creating an object recognition system w ←
→ a robust 3d - 2d interactive tool for scene segmentation and annotation ; recent advances of 3d acquisition devices have enabled large - scale acquisition of 3d scene data . such data , if completely and well annotated , can serve as useful ingredients for a wide spectrum of computer vision and graphics works such as data - driven modeling and scene understanding , object detection and recognition . however , annotating a vast amount of 3d scene data remains challenging due to the lack of an effective tool and / or the c ←
→ network - aware adaptation with real - time channel statistics for wireless lan multimedia transmissions in the digital home ; this paper suggests the use of intelligent network - aware processing agents in wireless local area network drivers to generate metrics for bandwidth estimation based on real - time channel statistics to enable wireless multimedia application adaptation . various configurations in the wireless digital home are studied and the experimental results with performance variations are presented .←
→ neural cross - lingual entity linking ; a major challenge in entity linking ( el ) is making effective use of contextual information to disambiguate mentions to wikipedia that might refer to different entities in different contexts . the problem exacerbates with cross - lingual el which involves linking mentions written in non - english documents to entries in the english wikipedia : to compare textual clues across languages we need to compute similarity between textual fragments across languages . in this paper , we p ←
→' viral ' turing machines , computation from noise and combinatorial hierarchies ; the interactive computation paradigm is reviewed and a particular example is extended to form the stochastic analog of a computational process via a transcription of a minimal turing machine into an equivalent asynchronous cellular automaton with an exponential waiting times distribution of effective transitions . furthermore , a special toolbox for analytic derivation of recursive relations of important statistical and other qu ←
→ circular antenna array design for breast cancer detection ; microwave imaging for breast cancer detection is based on the contrast in the electrical properties of healthy fatty breast tissues . this paper presents an industrial , scientific and medical ( ism ) bands comparative study of five microstrip patch antennas for microwave imaging at a frequency of 2 . 45 ghz . the choice of one antenna is made for an antenna array composed of 8 antennas for a microwave breast imaging system . each antenna element is arrang ←
→ dnn adaptation by automatic quality estimation of asr hypotheses ; in this paper we propose to exploit the automatic quality estimation ( qe ) of asr hypotheses to perform the unsupervised adaptation of a deep neural network modeling acoustic probabilities . our hypothesis is that significant improvements can be achieved by : i ) automatically transcribing the evaluation data we are currently trying to recognise , and ii ) selecting from it a subset of " good quality " instances based on the word error rate ( wer ) sco ←
→ on the behavioural formalization of the cognitive middleware awdrat ; we present our ongoing work and initial results towards the ( behavioral ) correctness analysis of the cognitive middleware awdrat . since , the ( provable ) behavioral correctness of a software system is a fundamental pre - requisite of the system ' s security . therefore , the goal of the work is to first formalize the behavioral semantics of the middleware as a pre - requisite for our proof of the behavioral correctness . however , in this paper , we f ←
→ calculating the midsagittal plane for symmetrical bilateral shapes : applications to clinical facial surgical planning ; it is difficult to estimate the midsagittal plane of human subjects with craniomaxillofacial ( cmf ) deformities . we have developed a landmark geometric routine ( lager ), which automatically estimates a midsagittal plane for such subjects . the lager algorithm was based on the assumption that the optimal midsagittal plane of a patient with a deformity is the premorbid midsagittal plane of th ←
→ does normalization methods play a role for hyperspectral image classification ? ; for hyperspectral image ( hsi ) datasets , each class have their salient feature and classifiers classify hsi datasets according to the class ' s saliency features , however , there will be different salient features when use different normalization method . in this letter , we report the effect on classifiers by different normalization methods and recommend the best normalization methods for classifier after analyzing the impact of d ←
→ comparison of time - frequency representations for environmental sound classification using convolutional neural networks ; recent successful applications of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to audio classification and speech recognition have motivated the search for better input representations for more efficient training . visual displays of an audio signal , through various time - frequency representations such as spectrograms offer a rich representation of the temporal and spectral structure of the orig ←
→ learning to bluff ; the act of bluffing confounds game designers to this day . the very nature of bluffing is even open for debate , adding further complication to the process of creating intelligent virtual players that can bluff , and hence play , realistically . through the use of intelligent , learning agents , and carefully designed agent outlooks , an agent can in fact learn to predict its opponents reactions based not only on its own cards , but on the actions of those around it . with this wider scope of unde ←
→ learning physical intuition of block towers by example ; wooden blocks are a common toy for infants , allowing them to develop motor skills and gain intuition about the physical behavior of the world . in this paper , we explore the ability of deep feed - forward models to learn such intuitive physics . using a 3d game engine , we create small towers of wooden blocks whose stability is randomized and render them collapsing ( or remaining upright ). this data allows us to train large convolutional network models whic ←
→ iterative pet image reconstruction using convolutional neural network representation ; pet image reconstruction is challenging due to the ill - poseness of the inverse problem and limited number of detected photons . recently deep neural networks have been widely and successfully used in computer vision tasks and attracted growing interests in medical imaging . in this work , we trained a deep residual convolutional neural network to improve pet image quality by using the existing inter - patient information . an ←
→ large - scale 3d shape reconstruction and segmentation from shapenet core55 ; we introduce a large - scale 3d shape understanding benchmark using data and annotation from shapenet 3d object database . the benchmark consists of two tasks : part - level segmentation of 3d shapes and 3d reconstruction from single view images . ten teams have participated in the challenge and the best performing teams have outperformed state - of - the - art approaches on both tasks . a few novel deep learning architectures have been propose ←
→ a cnn cascade for landmark guided semantic part segmentation ; this paper proposes a cnn cascade for semantic part segmentation guided by pose - specific information encoded in terms of a set of landmarks ( or keypoints ). there is large amount of prior work on each of these tasks separately , yet , to the best of our knowledge , this is the first time in literature that the interplay between pose estimation and semantic part segmentation is investigated . to address this limitation of prior work , in this paper , we ←
→ structured illumination microscopy with unknown patterns and a statistical prior ; structured illumination microscopy ( sim ) improves resolution by down - modulating high - frequency information of an object to fit within the passband of the optical system . generally , the reconstruction process requires prior knowledge of the illumination patterns , which implies a well - calibrated and aberration - free system . here , we propose a new \ textit { algorithmic self - calibration } strategy for sim that does not need to know ←
→ thai rhetorical structure analysis ; rhetorical structure analysis ( rsa ) explores discourse relations among elementary discourse units ( edus ) in a text . it is very useful in many text processing tasks employing relationships among edus such as text understanding , summarization , and question - answering . thai language with its distinctive linguistic characteristics requires a unique technique . this article proposes an approach for thai rhetorical structure analysis . first , edus are segmented by two hidden mark ←
→ wrap - up : a trainable discourse module for information extraction ; the vast amounts of on - line text now available have led to renewed interest in information extraction ( ie ) systems that analyze unrestricted text , producing a structured representation of selected information from the text . this paper presents a novel approach that uses machine learning to acquire knowledge for some of the higher level ie processing . wrap - up is a trainable ie discourse component that makes intersentential inferences and iden ←
→ beyond saliency : understanding convolutional neural networks from saliency prediction on layer - wise relevance propagation ; despite the tremendous achievements of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) in most of computer vision tasks , understanding how they actually work remains a significant challenge . in this paper , we propose a novel two - step visualization method that aims to shed light on how deep cnns recognize images and the objects therein . we start out with a layer - wise relevance propagation (←
→ hpatches : a benchmark and evaluation of handcrafted and learned local descriptors ; in this paper , we propose a novel benchmark for evaluating local image descriptors . we demonstrate that the existing datasets and evaluation protocols do not specify unambiguously all aspects of evaluation , leading to ambiguities and inconsistencies in results reported in the literature . furthermore , these datasets are nearly saturated due to the recent improvements in local descriptors obtained by learning them from large ←
→ gaussian robust classification ; supervised learning is all about the ability to generalize knowledge . specifically , the goal of the learning is to train a classifier using training data , in such a way that it will be capable of classifying new unseen data correctly . in order to acheive this goal , it is important to carefully design the learner , so it will not overfit the training data . the later can is done usually by adding a regularization term . the statistical learning theory explains the success of thi ←
→ a multiagent urban traffic simulation ; we built a multiagent simulation of urban traffic to model both ordinary traffic and emergency or crisis mode traffic . this simulation first builds a modeled road network based on detailed geographical information . on this network , the simulation creates two populations of agents : the transporters and the mobiles . transporters embody the roads themselves ; they are utilitarian and meant to handle the low level realism of the simulation . mobile agents embody the vehicle ←
→ isotropic and steerable wavelets in n dimensions . a multiresolution analysis framework for itk ; this document describes the implementation of the external module itkisotropicwavelets , a multiresolution ( mra ) analysis framework using isotropic and steerable wavelets in the frequency domain . this framework provides the backbone for state of the art filters for denoising , feature detection or phase analysis in n - dimensions . it focus on reusability , and highly decoupled modules for easy extension and impleme ←
→ robust real - time multi - view eye tracking ; despite significant advances in improving the gaze tracking accuracy under controlled conditions , the tracking robustness under real - world conditions , such as large head pose and movements , use of eyeglasses , illumination and eye type variations , remains a major challenge in eye tracking . in this paper , we revisit this challenge and introduce a real - time multi - camera eye tracking framework to improve the tracking robustness . first , differently from previous work , w ←
→ asking the metaquestions in constraint tractability ; the constraint satisfaction problem ( csp ) involves deciding , given a set of variables and a set of constraints on the variables , whether or not there is an assignment to the variables satisfying all of the constraints . one formulation of the csp is as the problem of deciding , given a pair ( g , h ) of relational structures , whether or not there is a homomorphism from the first structure to the second structure . the csp is in general np - hard ; a common way to ←
→ algorithms , initializations , and convergence for the nonnegative matrix factorization ; it is well known that good initializations can improve the speed and accuracy of the solutions of many nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) algorithms . many nmf algorithms are sensitive with respect to the initialization of w or h or both . this is especially true of algorithms of the alternating least squares ( als ) type , including the two new als algorithms that we present in this paper . we compare the results of six ←
→ stochastic inference with spiking neurons in the high - conductance state ; the highly variable dynamics of neocortical circuits observed in vivo have been hypothesized to represent a signature of ongoing stochastic inference but stand in apparent contrast to the deterministic response of neurons measured in vitro . based on a propagation of the membrane autocorrelation across spike bursts , we provide an analytical derivation of the neural activation function that holds for a large parameter space , including t ←
→ efficient convolutional auto - encoding via random convexification and frequency - domain minimization ; the omnipresence of deep learning architectures such as deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) s is fueled by the synergistic combination of ever - increasing labeled datasets and specialized hardware . despite the indisputable success , the reliance on huge amounts of labeled data and specialized hardware can be a limiting factor when approaching new applications . to help alleviating these limitations , we pr ←
→ a multilayer - based framework for online background subtraction with freely moving cameras ; the exponentially increasing use of moving platforms for video capture introduces the urgent need to develop the general background subtraction algorithms with the capability to deal with the moving background . in this paper , we propose a multilayer - based framework for online background subtraction for videos captured by moving cameras . unlike the previous treatments of the problem , the proposed method is not restr ←
→ a combination of cutset conditioning with clique - tree propagation in the pathfinder system ; cutset conditioning and clique - tree propagation are two popular methods for performing exact probabilistic inference in bayesian belief networks . cutset conditioning is based on decomposition of a subset of network nodes , whereas clique - tree propagation depends on aggregation of nodes . we describe a means to combine cutset conditioning and clique - tree propagation in an approach called aggregation after decomposit ←
→ on nearest neighbors in non local means denoising ; to denoise a reference patch , the non - local - means denoising filter processes a set of neighbor patches . few nearest neighbors ( nn ) are used to limit the computational burden of the algorithm . here here we show analytically that the nn approach introduces a bias in the denoised patch , and we propose a different neighbors ' collection criterion , named statistical nn ( snn ), to alleviate this issue . our approach outperforms the traditional one in case of both w ←
→ linear bandits in high dimension and recommendation systems ; a large number of online services provide automated recommendations to help users to navigate through a large collection of items . new items ( products , videos , songs , advertisements ) are suggested on the basis of the user ' s past history and -- when available -- her demographic profile . recommendations have to satisfy the dual goal of helping the user to explore the space of available items , while allowing the system to probe the user ' s preferences .←
→ fine - grained object recognition and zero - shot learning in remote sensing imagery ; fine - grained object recognition that aims to identify the type of an object among a large number of subcategories is an emerging application with the increasing resolution that exposes new details in image data . traditional fully supervised algorithms fail to handle this problem where there is low between - class variance and high within - class variance for the classes of interest with small sample sizes . we study an even more ←
→ skipping word : a character - sequential representation based framework for question answering ; recent works using artificial neural networks based on word distributed representation greatly boost the performance of various natural language learning tasks , especially question answering . though , they also carry along with some attendant problems , such as corpus selection for embedding learning , dictionary transformation for different learning tasks , etc . in this paper , we propose to straightforwardly model s ←
→ kernel - based inference of functions over graphs ; the study of networks has witnessed an explosive growth over the past decades with several ground - breaking methods introduced . a particularly interesting -- and prevalent in several fields of study -- problem is that of inferring a function defined over the nodes of a network . this work presents a versatile kernel - based framework for tackling this inference problem that naturally subsumes and generalizes the reconstruction approaches put forth recently by th ←
→ geometric mean metric learning ; we revisit the task of learning a euclidean metric from data . we approach this problem from first principles and formulate it as a surprisingly simple optimization problem . indeed , our formulation even admits a closed form solution . this solution possesses several very attractive properties : ( i ) an innate geometric appeal through the riemannian geometry of positive definite matrices ; ( ii ) ease of interpretability ; and ( iii ) computational speed several orders of magnitude fas ←
→ erblox : combining matching dependencies with machine learning for entity resolution ; entity resolution ( er ), an important and common data cleaning problem , is about detecting data duplicate representations for the same external entities , and merging them into single representations . relatively recently , declarative rules called matching dependencies ( mds ) have been proposed for specifying similarity conditions under which attribute values in database records are merged . in this work we show the process a ←
→ a bit of progress in language modeling ; in the past several years , a number of different language modeling improvements over simple trigram models have been found , including caching , higher - order n - grams , skipping , interpolated kneser - ney smoothing , and clustering . we present explorations of variations on , or of the limits of , each of these techniques , including showing that sentence mixture models may have more potential . while all of these techniques have been studied separately , they have rarely been st ←
→ hierarchical gaussian descriptors with application to person re - identification ; describing the color and textural information of a person image is one of the most crucial aspects of person re - identification ( re - id ). in this paper , we present novel meta - descriptors based on a hierarchical distribution of pixel features . although hierarchical covariance descriptors have been successfully applied to image classification , the mean information of pixel features , which is absent from the covariance , tends to b ←
→ efficient licence plate detection by unique edge detection algorithm and smarter interpretation through iot ; vehicles play a vital role in modern day transportation systems . number plate provides a standard means of identification for any vehicle . to serve this purpose , automatic licence plate recognition system was developed . this consisted of four major steps : pre - processing of the obtained image , extraction of licence plate region , segmentation and character recognition . in earlier research , direct ap ←
→ erratum : simplified drift analysis for proving lower bounds in evolutionary computation ; this erratum points out an error in the simplified drift theorem ( sdt ) [ algorithmica 59 ( 3 ), 369 - 386 , 2011 ]. it is also shown that a minor modification of one of its conditions is sufficient to establish a valid result . in many respects , the new theorem is more general than before . we no longer assume a markov process nor a finite search space . furthermore , the proof of the theorem is more compact than the previous on ←
→ deep reconstruction - classification networks for unsupervised domain adaptation ; in this paper , we propose a novel unsupervised domain adaptation algorithm based on deep learning for visual object recognition . specifically , we design a new model called deep reconstruction - classification network ( drcn ), which jointly learns a shared encoding representation for two tasks : i ) supervised classification of labeled source data , and ii ) unsupervised reconstruction of unlabeled target data . in this way , the learnt ←
→ discovering underlying plans based on distributed representations of actions ; plan recognition aims to discover target plans ( i . e ., sequences of actions ) behind observed actions , with history plan libraries or domain models in hand . previous approaches either discover plans by maximally " matching " observed actions to plan libraries , assuming target plans are from plan libraries , or infer plans by executing domain models to best explain the observed actions , assuming complete domain models are available . ←
→ law of connectivity in machine learning ; we present in this paper our law that there is always a connection present between two entities , with a selfconnection being present at least in each node . an entity is an object , physical or imaginary , that is connected by a path ( or connection ) and which is important for achieving the desired result of the scenario . in machine learning , we state that for any scenario , a subject entity is always , directly or indirectly , connected and affected by single or multiple ←
→ learning to detect blue - white structures in dermoscopy images with weak supervision ; we propose a novel approach to identify one of the most significant dermoscopic criteria in the diagnosis of cutaneous melanoma : the blue - whitish structure . in this paper , we achieve this goal in a multiple instance learning framework using only image - level labels of whether the feature is present or not . as the output , we predict the image classification label and as well localize the feature in the image . experiments a ←
→ doubly robust off - policy value evaluation for reinforcement learning ; we study the problem of off - policy value evaluation in reinforcement learning ( rl ), where one aims to estimate the value of a new policy based on data collected by a different policy . this problem is often a critical step when applying rl in real - world problems . despite its importance , existing general methods either have uncontrolled bias or suffer high variance . in this work , we extend the doubly robust estimator for bandits to sequent ←
→ on fairness , diversity and randomness in algorithmic decision making ; consider a binary decision making process where a single machine learning classifier replaces a multitude of humans . we raise questions about the resulting loss of diversity in the decision making process . we study the potential benefits of using random classifier ensembles instead of a single classifier in the context of fairness - aware learning and demonstrate various attractive properties : ( i ) an ensemble of fair classifiers is guarant ←
→ probabilistic prototype models for attributed graphs ; this contribution proposes a new approach towards developing a class of probabilistic methods for classifying attributed graphs . the key concept is random attributed graph , which is defined as an attributed graph whose nodes and edges are annotated by random variables . every node / edge has two random processes associated with it - occurence probability and the probability distribution over the attribute values . these are estimated within the maximum likel ←
→ learning deep representations using convolutional auto - encoders with symmetric skip connections ; unsupervised pre - training was a critical technique for training deep neural networks years ago . with sufficient labeled data and modern training techniques , it is possible to train very deep neural networks from scratch in a purely supervised manner nowadays . however , unlabeled data is easier to obtain and usually of very large scale . how to make use of them better to help supervised learning is still a well -←
→ wysiwye : an algebra for expressing spatial and textual rules for visual information extraction ; the visual layout of a webpage can provide valuable clues for certain types of information extraction ( ie ) tasks . in traditional rule based ie frameworks , these layout cues are mapped to rules that operate on the html source of the webpages . in contrast , we have developed a framework in which the rules can be specified directly at the layout level . this has many advantages , since the higher level of abstractio ←
→ path - following based point matching using similarity transformation ; to address the problem of 3d point matching where the poses of two point sets are unknown , we adapt a recently proposed path following based method to use similarity transformation instead of the original affine transformation . the reduced number of transformation parameters leads to more constrained and desirable matching results . experimental results demonstrate better robustness of the proposed method over state - of - the - art methods .←
→ large margin deep networks for classification ; we present a formulation of deep learning that aims at producing a large margin classifier . the notion of margin , minimum distance to a decision boundary , has served as the foundation of several theoretically profound and empirically successful results for both classification and regression tasks . however , most large margin algorithms are applicable only to shallow models with a preset feature representation ; and conventional margin methods for neural networks ←
→ trainable referring expression generation using overspecification preferences ; referring expression generation ( reg ) models that use speaker - dependent information require a considerable amount of training data produced by every individual speaker , or may otherwise perform poorly . in this work we present a simple reg experiment that allows the use of larger training data sets by grouping speakers according to their overspecification preferences . intrinsic evaluation shows that this method generally outper ←
→ a comprehensive comparative study of word and sentence similarity measures ; sentence similarity is considered the basis of many natural language tasks such as information retrieval , question answering and text summarization . the semantic meaning between compared text fragments is based on the words semantic features and their relationships . this article reviews a set of word and sentence similarity measures and compares them on benchmark datasets . on the studied datasets , results showed that hybrid seman ←
→ classical structured prediction losses for sequence to sequence learning ; there has been much recent work on training neural attention models at the sequence - level using either reinforcement learning - style methods or by optimizing the beam . in this paper , we survey a range of classical objective functions that have been widely used to train linear models for structured prediction and apply them to neural sequence to sequence models . our experiments show that these losses can perform surprisingly well by sl ←
→ joint distribution optimal transportation for domain adaptation ; this paper deals with the unsupervised domain adaptation problem , where one wants to estimate a prediction function $ f $ in a given target domain without any labeled sample by exploiting the knowledge available from a source domain where labels are known . our work makes the following assumption : there exists a non - linear transformation between the joint feature / label space distributions of the two domain $\ mathcal { p } _s $ and $\ mathcal { p } _t $. we ←
→ sim - ce : an advanced simulink platform for studying the brain of caenorhabditis elegans ; we introduce sim - ce , an advanced , user - friendly modeling and simulation environment in simulink for performing multi - scale behavioral analysis of the nervous system of caenorhabditis elegans ( c . elegans ). sim - ce contains an implementation of the mathematical models of c . elegans ' s neurons and synapses , in simulink , which can be easily extended and particularized by the user . the simulink model is able to capture both ←
→ procedural content generation for gdl descriptions of simplified boardgames ; we present initial research towards procedural generation of simplified boardgames and translating them into an efficient gdl code . this is a step towards establishing simplified boardgames as a comparison class for general game playing agents . to generate playable , human readable , and balanced chess - like games we use an adaptive evolutionary algorithm with the fitness function based on simulated playouts . in future , we plan to ←
→ thompson sampling for combinatorial semi - bandits ; we study the application of the thompson sampling ( ts ) methodology to the stochastic combinatorial multi - armed bandit ( cmab ) framework . we analyze the standard ts algorithm for the general cmab , and obtain the first distribution - dependent regret bound of $ o ( m \ log t / \ delta_ {\ min }) $ for ts under general cmab , where $ m $ is the number of arms , $ t $ is the time horizon , and $\ delta_ {\ min }$ is the minimum gap between the expected reward of the optimal solution ←
→ selecting a small set of optimal gestures from an extensive lexicon ; finding the best set of gestures to use for a given computer recognition problem is an essential part of optimizing the recognition performance while being mindful to those who may articulate the gestures . an objective function , called the ellipsoidal distance ratio metric ( edrm ), for determining the best gestures from a larger lexicon library is presented , along with a numerical method for incorporating subjective preferences . in particu ←
→ adversarial patrolling with spatially uncertain alarm signals ; when securing complex infrastructures or large environments , constant surveillance of every area is not affordable . to cope with this issue , a common countermeasure is the usage of cheap but wide - ranged sensors , able to detect suspicious events that occur in large areas , supporting patrollers to improve the effectiveness of their strategies . however , such sensors are commonly affected by uncertainty . in the present paper , we focus on spatially ←
→ on convergence property of implicit self - paced objective ; self - paced learning ( spl ) is a new methodology that simulates the learning principle of humans / animals to start learning easier aspects of a learning task , and then gradually take more complex examples into training . this new - coming learning regime has been empirically substantiated to be effective in various computer vision and pattern recognition tasks . recently , it has been proved that the spl regime has a close relationship to a implicit self - pa ←
→ deep learning : generalization requires deep compositional feature space design ; generalization error defines the discriminability and the representation power of a deep model . in this work , we claim that feature space design using deep compositional function plays a significant role in generalization along with explicit and implicit regularizations . our claims are being established with several image classification experiments . we show that the information loss due to convolution and max pooling can be m ←
→ on the semantics of gringo ; input languages of answer set solvers are based on the mathematically simple concept of a stable model . but many useful constructs available in these languages , including local variables , conditional literals , and aggregates , cannot be easily explained in terms of stable models in the sense of the original definition of this concept and its straightforward generalizations . manuals written by designers of answer set solvers usually explain such constructs using examples and infor ←
→ mouse pose estimation from depth images ; we focus on the challenging problem of efficient mouse 3d pose estimation based on static images , and especially single depth images . we introduce an approach to discriminatively train the split nodes of trees in random forest to improve their performance on estimation of 3d joint positions of mouse . our algorithm is capable of working with different types of rodents and with different types of depth cameras and imaging setups . in particular , it is demonstrated in t ←
→ generalization error bounds for stationary autoregressive models ; we derive generalization error bounds for stationary univariate autoregressive ( ar ) models . we show that imposing stationarity is enough to control the gaussian complexity without further regularization . this lets us use structural risk minimization for model selection . we demonstrate our methods by predicting interest rate movements .←
→ hardening deep neural networks via adversarial model cascades ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have been shown to be vulnerable to adversarial examples - malicious inputs which are crafted by the adversary to induce the trained model to produce erroneous outputs . this vulnerability has inspired a lot of research on how to secure neural networks against these kinds of attacks . although existing techniques increase the robustness of the models against white - box attacks , they are ineffective against black - box att ←
→ active and continuous exploration with deep neural networks and expected model output changes ; the demands on visual recognition systems do not end with the complexity offered by current large - scale image datasets , such as imagenet . in consequence , we need curious and continuously learning algorithms that actively acquire knowledge about semantic concepts which are present in available unlabeled data . as a step towards this goal , we show how to perform continuous active learning and exploration , where an ←
→ hierarchical deep recurrent architecture for video understanding ; this paper introduces the system we developed for the youtube - 8m video understanding challenge , in which a large - scale benchmark dataset was used for multi - label video classification . the proposed framework contains hierarchical deep architecture , including the frame - level sequence modeling part and the video - level classification part . in the frame - level sequence modelling part , we explore a set of methods including pooling - lstm ( plstm ), hie ←
→ computer vision systems in road vehicles : a review ; the number of road vehicles significantly increased in recent decades . this trend accompanied a build - up of road infrastructure and development of various control systems to increase road traffic safety , road capacity and travel comfort . in traffic safety significant development has been made and today ' s systems more and more include cameras and computer vision methods . cameras are used as part of the road infrastructure or in vehicles . in this paper a re ←
→ training generative neural networks via maximum mean discrepancy optimization ; we consider training a deep neural network to generate samples from an unknown distribution given i . i . d . data . we frame learning as an optimization minimizing a two - sample test statistic --- informally speaking , a good generator network produces samples that cause a two - sample test to fail to reject the null hypothesis . as our two - sample test statistic , we use an unbiased estimate of the maximum mean discrepancy , which is the ce ←
→ on the universal approximability of quantized relu neural networks ; compression is a key step to deploy large neural networks on resource - constrained platforms . as a popular compression technique , quantization constrains the number of distinct weight values and thus reducing the number of bits required to represent and store each weight . in this paper , we study the representation power of quantized neural networks . first , we prove the universal approximability of quantized relu networks . then we provide up ←
→ reconstructing neural parameters and synapses of arbitrary interconnected neurons from their simulated spiking activity ; to understand the behavior of a neural circuit it is a presupposition that we have a model of the dynamical system describing this circuit . this model is determined by several parameters , including not only the synaptic weights , but also the parameters of each neuron . existing works mainly concentrate on either the synaptic weights or the neural parameters . in this paper we present an ←
→ automatic labeling of molecular biomarkers of whole slide immunohistochemistry images using fully convolutional networks ; this paper addresses the problem of quantifying biomarkers in multi - stained tissues , based on color and spatial information . a deep learning based method that can automatically localize and quantify the cells expressing biomarker ( s ) in a whole slide image is proposed . the deep learning network is a fully convolutional network ( fcn ) whose input is the true rgb color image of a tissue a ←
→ r - cnns for pose estimation and action detection ; we present convolutional neural networks for the tasks of keypoint ( pose ) prediction and action classification of people in unconstrained images . our approach involves training an r - cnn detector with loss functions depending on the task being tackled . we evaluate our method on the challenging pascal voc dataset and compare it to previous leading approaches . our method gives state - of - the - art results for keypoint and action prediction . additionally , we introdu ←
→ jet constituents for deep neural network based top quark tagging ; recent literature on deep neural networks for tagging of highly energetic jets resulting from top quark decays has focused on image based techniques or multivariate approaches using high - level jet substructure variables . here , a sequential approach to this task is taken by using an ordered sequence of jet constituents as training inputs . unlike the majority of previous approaches , this strategy does not result in a loss of information during ←
→ in defense of product quantization ; despite their widespread adoption , product quantization techniques were recently shown to be inferior to other hashing techniques . in this work , we present an improved deep product quantization ( dpq ) technique that leads to more accurate retrieval and classification than the latest state of the art methods , while having similar computational complexity and memory footprint as the product quantization method . to our knowledge , this is the first work to introduce a represe ←
→ some improvements on deep convolutional neural network based image classification ; we investigate multiple techniques to improve upon the current state of the art deep convolutional neural network based image classification pipeline . the techiques include adding more image transformations to training data , adding more transformations to generate additional predictions at test time and using complementary models applied to higher resolution images . this paper summarizes our entry in the imagenet large sca ←
→ disentangling factors of variation in deep representations using adversarial training ; we introduce a conditional generative model for learning to disentangle the hidden factors of variation within a set of labeled observations , and separate them into complementary codes . one code summarizes the specified factors of variation associated with the labels . the other summarizes the remaining unspecified variability . during training , the only available source of supervision comes from our ability to distingui ←
→ fast , simple calcium imaging segmentation with fully convolutional networks ; calcium imaging is a technique for observing neuron activity as a series of images showing indicator fluorescence over time . manually segmenting neurons is time - consuming , leading to research on automated calcium imaging segmentation ( acis ). we evaluated several deep learning models for acis on the neurofinder competition datasets and report our best model : u - net2ds , a fully convolutional network that operates on 2d mean summary ←
→ assessing sentiment strength in words prior polarities ; many approaches to sentiment analysis rely on lexica where words are tagged with their prior polarity - i . e . if a word out of context evokes something positive or something negative . in particular , broad - coverage resources like sentiwordnet provide polarities for ( almost ) every word . since words can have multiple senses , we address the problem of how to compute the prior polarity of a word starting from the polarity of each sense and returning its pol ←
→ inference by minimizing size , divergence , or their sum ; we speed up marginal inference by ignoring factors that do not significantly contribute to overall accuracy . in order to pick a suitable subset of factors to ignore , we propose three schemes : minimizing the number of model factors under a bound on the kl divergence between pruned and full models ; minimizing the kl divergence under a bound on factor count ; and minimizing the weighted sum of kl divergence and factor count . all three problems are solved ←
→ point linking network for object detection ; object detection is a core problem in computer vision . with the development of deep convnets , the performance of object detectors has been dramatically improved . the deep convnets based object detectors mainly focus on regressing the coordinates of bounding box , e . g ., faster - r - cnn , yolo and ssd . different from these methods that considering bounding box as a whole , we propose a novel object bounding box representation using points and links and implemented using ←
→ ais - bn : an adaptive importance sampling algorithm for evidential reasoning in large bayesian networks ; stochastic sampling algorithms , while an attractive alternative to exact algorithms in very large bayesian network models , have been observed to perform poorly in evidential reasoning with extremely unlikely evidence . to address this problem , we propose an adaptive importance sampling algorithm , ais - bn , that shows promising convergence rates even under extreme conditions and seems to outperform the exis ←
→ learning to discover efficient mathematical identities ; in this paper we explore how machine learning techniques can be applied to the discovery of efficient mathematical identities . we introduce an attribute grammar framework for representing symbolic expressions . given a set of grammar rules we build trees that combine different rules , looking for branches which yield compositions that are analytically equivalent to a target expression , but of lower computational complexity . however , as the size of the t ←
→ stationary mixing bandits ; we study the bandit problem where arms are associated with stationary phi - mixing processes and where rewards are therefore dependent : the question that arises from this setting is that of recovering some independence by ignoring the value of some rewards . as we shall see , the bandit problem we tackle requires us to address the exploration / exploitation / independence trade - off . to do so , we provide a ucb strategy together with a general regret analysis for the case where the size of ←
→ l2gsci : local to global seam cutting and integrating for accurate face contour extraction ; current face alignment algorithms can robustly find a set of landmarks along face contour . however , the landmarks are sparse and lack curve details , especially in chin and cheek areas where a lot of concave - convex bending information exists . in this paper , we propose a local to global seam cutting and integrating algorithm ( l2gsci ) to extract continuous and accurate face contour . our method works in three steps wit ←
→ sgnmt -- a flexible nmt decoding platform for quick prototyping of new models and search strategies ; this paper introduces sgnmt , our experimental platform for machine translation research . sgnmt provides a generic interface to neural and symbolic scoring modules ( predictors ) with left - to - right semantic such as translation models like nmt , language models , translation lattices , $ n $- best lists or other kinds of scores and constraints . predictors can be combined with other predictors to form complex decodi ←
→ learning compressed representations of blood samples time series with missing data ; clinical measurements collected over time are naturally represented as multivariate time series ( mts ), which often contain missing data . an autoencoder can learn low dimensional vectorial representations of mts that preserve important data characteristics , but cannot deal explicitly with missing data . in this work , we propose a new framework that combines an autoencoder with the time series cluster kernel ( tck ), a kernel ←
→ the evolutionary process of image transition in conjunction with box and strip mutation ; evolutionary algorithms have been used in many ways to generate digital art . we study how evolutionary processes are used for evolutionary art and present a new approach to the transition of images . our main idea is to define evolutionary processes for digital image transition , combining different variants of mutation and evolutionary mechanisms . we introduce box and strip mutation operators which are specifically de ←
→ fast - at : fast automatic thumbnail generation using deep neural networks ; fast - at is an automatic thumbnail generation system based on deep neural networks . it is a fully - convolutional deep neural network , which learns specific filters for thumbnails of different sizes and aspect ratios . during inference , the appropriate filter is selected depending on the dimensions of the target thumbnail . unlike most previous work , fast - at does not utilize saliency but addresses the problem directly . in addition , it elim ←
→ unsupervised anomaly detection with generative adversarial networks to guide marker discovery ; obtaining models that capture imaging markers relevant for disease progression and treatment monitoring is challenging . models are typically based on large amounts of data with annotated examples of known markers aiming at automating detection . high annotation effort and the limitation to a vocabulary of known markers limit the power of such approaches . here , we perform unsupervised learning to identify anomali ←
→ schema redescription in cellular automata : revisiting emergence in complex systems ; we present a method to eliminate redundancy in the transition tables of boolean automata : schema redescription with two symbols . one symbol is used to capture redundancy of individual input variables , and another to capture permutability in sets of input variables : fully characterizing the canalization present in boolean functions . two - symbol schemata explain aspects of the behaviour of automata networks that the characte ←
→ detecting state of aggression in sentences using cnn ; in this article we study verbal expression of aggression and its detection using machine learning and neural networks methods . we test our results using our corpora of messages from anonymous imageboards . we also compare random forest classifier with convolutional neural network for " movie reviews with one sentence per review " corpus .←
→ visual multiple - object tracking for unknown clutter rate ; in multi - object tracking applications , model parameter tuning is a prerequisite for reliable performance . in particular , it is difficult to know statistics of false measurements due to various sensing conditions and changes in the field of views . in this paper we are interested in designing a multi - object tracking algorithm that handles unknown false measurement rate . recently proposed robust multi - bernoulli filter is employed for clutter estimation ←
→ disjunctive logic programs versus normal logic programs ; this paper focuses on the expressive power of disjunctive and normal logic programs under the stable model semantics over finite , infinite , or arbitrary structures . a translation from disjunctive logic programs into normal logic programs is proposed and then proved to be sound over infinite structures . the equivalence of expressive power of two kinds of logic programs over arbitrary structures is shown to coincide with that over finite structures , an ←
→ cad2rl : real single - image flight without a single real image ; deep reinforcement learning has emerged as a promising and powerful technique for automatically acquiring control policies that can process raw sensory inputs , such as images , and perform complex behaviors . however , extending deep rl to real - world robotic tasks has proven challenging , particularly in safety - critical domains such as autonomous flight , where a trial - and - error learning process is often impractical . in this paper , we explore the fol ←
→ added value of morphological features to breast lesion diagnosis in ultrasound ; ultrasound imaging plays an important role in breast lesion differentiation . however , diagnostic accuracy depends on ultrasonographer experience . various computer aided diagnosis systems has been developed to improve breast cancer detection and reduce the number of unnecessary biopsies . in this study , our aim was to improve breast lesion classification based on the bi - rads ( breast imaging - reporting and data system ). this wa ←
→ optimal variable selection in multi - group sparse discriminant analysis ; this article considers the problem of multi - group classification in the setting where the number of variables $ p $ is larger than the number of observations $ n $. several methods have been proposed in the literature that address this problem , however their variable selection performance is either unknown or suboptimal to the results known in the two - group case . in this work we provide sharp conditions for the consistent recovery of relev ←
→ masked conditional neural networks for automatic sound events recognition ; deep neural network architectures designed for application domains other than sound , especially image recognition , may not optimally harness the time - frequency representation when adapted to the sound recognition problem . in this work , we explore the conditional neural network ( clnn ) and the masked conditional neural network ( mclnn ) for multi - dimensional temporal signal recognition . the clnn considers the inter - frame relationship ,←
→ multi - oriented scene text detection via corner localization and region segmentation ; previous deep learning based state - of - the - art scene text detection methods can be roughly classified into two categories . the first category treats scene text as a type of general objects and follows general object detection paradigm to localize scene text by regressing the text box locations , but troubled by the arbitrary - orientation and large aspect ratios of scene text . the second one segments text regions directly , b ←
→ ensemble classifier approach in breast cancer detection and malignancy grading - a review ; the diagnosed cases of breast cancer is increasing annually and unfortunately getting converted into a high mortality rate . cancer , at the early stages , is hard to detect because the malicious cells show similar properties ( density ) as shown by the non - malicious cells . the mortality ratio could have been minimized if the breast cancer could have been detected in its early stages . but the current systems have not bee ←
→ edge - detection applied to moving sand dunes on mars ; here we discuss the application of an edge detection filter , the sobel filter of gimp , to the recently discovered motion of some sand dunes on mars . the filter allows a good comparison of an image hirise of 2007 and an image of 1999 recorded by the mars global surveyor of the dunes in the nili patera caldera , measuring therefore the motion of the dunes on a longer period of time than that previously investigated .←
→ hadamard product for low - rank bilinear pooling ; bilinear models provide rich representations compared with linear models . they have been applied in various visual tasks , such as object recognition , segmentation , and visual question - answering , to get state - of - the - art performances taking advantage of the expanded representations . however , bilinear representations tend to be high - dimensional , limiting the applicability to computationally complex tasks . we propose low - rank bilinear pooling using hadamard produ ←
→ fast and robust tensor decomposition with applications to dictionary learning ; we develop fast spectral algorithms for tensor decomposition that match the robustness guarantees of the best known polynomial - time algorithms for this problem based on the sum - of - squares ( sos ) semidefinite programming hierarchy . our algorithms can decompose a 4 - tensor with $ n $- dimensional orthonormal components in the presence of error with constant spectral norm ( when viewed as an $ n ^ 2 $- by -$ n ^ 2 $ matrix ). the running time i ←
→ on constructing the value function for optimal trajectory problem and its application to image processing ; we proposed an algorithm for solving hamilton - jacobi equation associated to an optimal trajectory problem for a vehicle moving inside the pre - specified domain with the speed depending upon the direction of the motion and current position of the vehicle . the dynamics of the vehicle is defined by an ordinary differential equation , the right hand of which is given by product of control ( a time dependent ←
→ digital ecosystems : optimisation by a distributed intelligence ; can intelligence optimise digital ecosystems ? how could a distributed intelligence interact with the ecosystem dynamics ? can the software components that are part of genetic selection be intelligent in themselves , as in an adaptive technology ? we consider the effect of a distributed intelligence mechanism on the evolutionary and ecological dynamics of our digital ecosystem , which is the digital counterpart of a biological ecosystem for evolvin ←
→ estimating the hessian by back - propagating curvature ; in this work we develop curvature propagation ( cp ), a general technique for efficiently computing unbiased approximations of the hessian of any function that is computed using a computational graph . at the cost of roughly two gradient evaluations , cp can give a rank - 1 approximation of the whole hessian , and can be repeatedly applied to give increasingly precise unbiased estimates of any or all of the entries of the hessian . of particular interest is the ←
→ video semantic object segmentation by self - adaptation of dcnn ; this paper proposes a new framework for semantic segmentation of objects in videos . we address the label inconsistency problem of deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) by exploiting the fact that videos have multiple frames ; in a few frames the object is confidently - estimated ( ce ) and we use the information in them to improve labels of the other frames . given the semantic segmentation results of each frame obtained from dcnn , we sample sev ←
→ standard steady state genetic algorithms can hillclimb faster than mutation - only evolutionary algorithms ; explaining to what extent the real power of genetic algorithms lies in the ability of crossover to recombine individuals into higher quality solutions is an important problem in evolutionary computation . in this paper we show how the interplay between mutation and crossover can make genetic algorithms hillclimb faster than their mutation - only counterparts . we devise a markov chain framework that allo ←
→ rerepresenting and restructuring domain theories : a constructive induction approach ; theory revision integrates inductive learning and background knowledge by combining training examples with a coarse domain theory to produce a more accurate theory . there are two challenges that theory revision and other theory - guided systems face . first , a representation language appropriate for the initial theory may be inappropriate for an improved theory . while the original representation may concisely express the in ←
→ learning neural word salience scores ; measuring the salience of a word is an essential step in numerous nlp tasks . heuristic approaches such as tfidf have been used so far to estimate the salience of words . we propose \ emph { neural word salience } ( nws ) scores , unlike heuristics , are learnt from a corpus . specifically , we learn word salience scores such that , using pre - trained word embeddings as the input , can accurately predict the words that appear in a sentence , given the words that appear in the sentence ←
→ the use of the garp genetic algorithm and internet grid computing in the lifemapper world atlas of species biodiversity ; lifemapper ( http :// www . lifemapper . org ) is a predictive electronic atlas of the earth ' s biological biodiversity . using a screensaver version of the garp genetic algorithm for modeling species distributions , lifemapper harnesses vast computing resources through ' volunteers ' pcs similar to seti @ home , to develop models of the distribution of the worlds fauna and flora . the lifemapper proje ←
→ measuring book impact based on the multi - granularity online review mining ; as with articles and journals , the customary methods for measuring books ' academic impact mainly involve citations , which is easy but limited to interrogating traditional citation databases and scholarly book reviews , researchers have attempted to use other metrics , such as google books , libcitation , and publisher prestige . however , these approaches lack content - level information and cannot determine the citation intentions of use ←
→ how effective can simple ordinal peer grading be ? ; ordinal peer grading has been proposed as a simple and scalable solution for computing reliable information about student performance in massive open online courses . the idea is to outsource the grading task to the students themselves as follows . after the end of an exam , each student is asked to rank --- in terms of quality --- a bundle of exam papers by fellow students . an aggregation rule will then combine the individual rankings into a global one that co ←
→ divide and ... conquer ? on the limits of algorithmic approaches to syntactic semantic structure ; in computer science , divide and conquer ( d & c ) is an algorithm design paradigm based on multi - branched recursion . a d & c algorithm works by recursively and monotonically breaking down a problem into sub problems of the same ( or a related ) type , until these become simple enough to be solved directly . the solutions to the sub problems are then combined to give a solution to the original problem . the present work id ←
→ online alternating direction method ( longer version ) ; online optimization has emerged as powerful tool in large scale optimization . in this pa - per , we introduce efficient online optimization algorithms based on the alternating direction method ( adm ), which can solve online convex optimization under linear constraints where the objective could be non - smooth . we introduce new proof techniques for adm in the batch setting , which yields a o ( 1 / t ) convergence rate for adm and forms the basis for regret anal - ys ←
→ learning optimal parameters for multi - target tracking with contextual interactions ; we describe an end - to - end framework for learning parameters of min - cost flow multi - target tracking problem with quadratic trajectory interactions including suppression of overlapping tracks and contextual cues about cooccurrence of different objects . our approach utilizes structured prediction with a tracking - specific loss function to learn the complete set of model parameters . in this learning framework , we evaluate two ←
→ tailored rf pulse optimization for magnetization inversion at ultra high field ; the radiofrequency ( rf ) transmit field is severely inhomogeneous at ultrahigh field due to both rf penetration and rf coil design issues . this particularly impairs image quality for sequences that use inversion pulses such as magnetization prepared rapid acquisition gradient echo and limits the use of quantitative arterial spin labeling sequences such as flow - attenuated inversion recovery . here we have used a search algorithm ←
→ global bandits ; multi - armed bandits ( mab ) model sequential decision making problems , in which a learner sequentially chooses arms with unknown reward distributions in order to maximize its cumulative reward . most of the prior work on mab assumes that the reward distributions of each arm are independent . but in a wide variety of decision problems -- from drug dosage to dynamic pricing -- the expected rewards of different arms are correlated , so that selecting one arm provides information about the expected ←
→ mode regularized generative adversarial networks ; although generative adversarial networks achieve state - of - the - art results on a variety of generative tasks , they are regarded as highly unstable and prone to miss modes . we argue that these bad behaviors of gans are due to the very particular functional shape of the trained discriminators in high dimensional spaces , which can easily make training stuck or push probability mass in the wrong direction , towards that of higher concentration than that of the dat ←
→ heterogeneous knowledge transfer in video emotion recognition , attribution and summarization ; emotion is a key element in user - generated videos . however , it is difficult to understand emotions conveyed in such videos due to the complex and unstructured nature of user - generated content and the sparsity of video frames expressing emotion . in this paper , for the first time , we study the problem of transferring knowledge from heterogeneous external sources , including image and textual data , to facilitate thr ←
→ why regularized auto - encoders learn sparse representation ? ; while the authors of batch normalization ( bn ) identify and address an important problem involved in training deep networks -- \ textit { internal covariate shift }-- the current solution has certain drawbacks . for instance , bn depends on batch statistics for layerwise input normalization during training which makes the estimates of mean and standard deviation of input ( distribution ) to hidden layers inaccurate due to shifting parameter values ( especial ←
→ infinite mixed membership matrix factorization ; rating and recommendation systems have become a popular application area for applying a suite of machine learning techniques . current approaches rely primarily on probabilistic interpretations and extensions of matrix factorization , which factorizes a user - item ratings matrix into latent user and item vectors . most of these methods fail to model significant variations in item ratings from otherwise similar users , a phenomenon known as the " napoleon dynamite " ←
→ approximated robust principal component analysis for improved general scene background subtraction ; the research reported in this paper addresses the fundamental task of separation of locally moving or deforming image areas from a static or globally moving background . it builds on the latest developments in the field of robust principal component analysis , specifically , the recently reported practical solutions for the long - standing problem of recovering the low - rank and sparse parts of a large matrix ma ←
→ learning ( predictive ) risk scores in the presence of censoring due to interventions ; a large and diverse set of measurements are regularly collected during a patient ' s hospital stay to monitor their health status . tools for integrating these measurements into severity scores , that accurately track changes in illness severity , can improve clinicians ability to provide timely interventions . existing approaches for creating such scores either 1 ) rely on experts to fully specify the severity score , or 2 ) tra ←
→ deep q - learning from demonstrations ; deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) has achieved several high profile successes in difficult decision - making problems . however , these algorithms typically require a huge amount of data before they reach reasonable performance . in fact , their performance during learning can be extremely poor . this may be acceptable for a simulator , but it severely limits the applicability of deep rl to many real - world tasks , where the agent must learn in the real environment . in this paper ←
→ learning to superoptimize programs - workshop version ; superoptimization requires the estimation of the best program for a given computational task . in order to deal with large programs , superoptimization techniques perform a stochastic search . this involves proposing a modification of the current program , which is accepted or rejected based on the improvement achieved . the state of the art method uses uniform proposal distributions , which fails to exploit the problem structure to the fullest . to alleviate ←
→ combining linear non - gaussian acyclic model with logistic regression model for estimating causal structure from mixed continuous and discrete data ; estimating causal models from observational data is a crucial task in data analysis . for continuous - valued data , shimizu et al . have proposed a linear acyclic non - gaussian model to understand the data generating process , and have shown that their model is identifiable when the number of data is sufficiently large . however , situations in which continuous and d ←
→ reasoning about evolving nonmonotonic knowledge bases ; recently , several approaches to updating knowledge bases modeled as extended logic programs have been introduced , ranging from basic methods to incorporate ( sequences of ) sets of rules into a logic program , to more elaborate methods which use an update policy for specifying how updates must be incorporated . in this paper , we introduce a framework for reasoning about evolving knowledge bases , which are represented as extended logic programs and maintain ←
→ recommender systems for the conference paper assignment problem ; conference paper assignment , i . e ., the task of assigning paper submissions to reviewers , presents multi - faceted issues for recommender systems research . besides the traditional goal of predicting ` who likes what ?', a conference management system must take into account aspects such as : reviewer capacity constraints , adequate numbers of reviews for papers , expertise modeling , conflicts of interest , and an overall distribution of assignments tha ←
→ stochastic feature mapping for pac - bayes classification ; probabilistic generative modeling of data distributions can potentially exploit hidden information which is useful for discriminative classification . this observation has motivated the development of approaches that couple generative and discriminative models for classification . in this paper , we propose a new approach to couple generative and discriminative models in an unified framework based on pac - bayes risk theory . we first derive the model - para ←
→ diverse landmark sampling from determinantal point processes for scalable manifold learning ; high computational costs of manifold learning prohibit its application for large point sets . a common strategy to overcome this problem is to perform dimensionality reduction on selected landmarks and to successively embed the entire dataset with the nystr \" om method . the two main challenges that arise are : ( i ) the landmarks selected in non - euclidean geometries must result in a low reconstruction error , ( ii ) the ←
→ stackgan : text to photo - realistic image synthesis with stacked generative adversarial networks ; synthesizing high - quality images from text descriptions is a challenging problem in computer vision and has many practical applications . samples generated by existing text - to - image approaches can roughly reflect the meaning of the given descriptions , but they fail to contain necessary details and vivid object parts . in this paper , we propose stacked generative adversarial networks ( stackgan ) to generate 256x25 ←
→ gaussian process networks ; in this paper we address the problem of learning the structure of a bayesian network in domains with continuous variables . this task requires a procedure for comparing different candidate structures . in the bayesian framework , this is done by evaluating the { em marginal likelihood /} of the data given a candidate structure . this term can be computed in closed - form for standard parametric families ( e . g ., gaussians ), and can be approximated , at some computational cost , for some semi ←
→ machine learning of user profiles : representational issues ; as more information becomes available electronically , tools for finding information of interest to users becomes increasingly important . the goal of the research described here is to build a system for generating comprehensible user profiles that accurately capture user interest with minimum user interaction . the research described here focuses on the importance of a suitable generalization hierarchy and representation for learning profiles which ←
→ guide : unifying evolutionary engines through a graphical user interface ; many kinds of evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) have been described in the literature since the last 30 years . however , though most of them share a common structure , no existing software package allows the user to actually shift from one model to another by simply changing a few parameters , e . g . in a single window of a graphical user interface . this paper presents guide , a graphical user interface for dream experiments that , among other u ←
→ real - time deep learning method for abandoned luggage detection in video ; recent terrorist attacks in major cities around the world have brought many casualties among innocent citizens . one potential threat is represented by abandoned luggage items ( that could contain bombs or biological warfare ) in public areas . in this paper , we describe an approach for real - time automatic detection of abandoned luggage in video captured by surveillance cameras . the approach is comprised of two stages : ( i ) static object d ←
→ a twofold siamese network for real - time object tracking ; observing that semantic features learned in an image classification task and appearance features learned in a similarity matching task complement each other , we build a twofold siamese network , named sa - siam , for real - time object tracking . sa - siam is composed of a semantic branch and an appearance branch . each branch is a similarity - learning siamese network . an important design choice in sa - siam is to separately train the two branches to keep the het ←
→ color image clustering using block truncation algorithm ; with the advancement in image capturing device , the image data been generated at high volume . if images are analyzed properly , they can reveal useful information to the human users . content based image retrieval address the problem of retrieving images relevant to the user needs from image databases on the basis of low - level visual features that can be derived from the images . grouping images into meaningful categories to reveal useful information is ←
→ subgroup identification and interpretation with bayesian nonparametric models in health care claims data ; inpatient care is a large share of total health care spending , making analysis of inpatient utilization patterns an important part of understanding what drives health care spending growth . common features of inpatient utilization measures include zero inflation , over - dispersion , and skewness , all of which complicate statistical modeling . mixture modeling is a popular approach that can accommodate the ←
→ speaker diarization with lstm ; for many years , i - vector based audio embedding techniques were the dominant approach for speaker verification and speaker diarization applications . however , mirroring the rise of deep learning in various domains , neural network based audio embeddings , also known as d - vectors , have consistently demonstrated superior speaker verification performance . in this paper , we build on the success of d - vector based speaker verification systems to develop a new d - vector based approach to ←
→ chess - quick and robust detection of chess - board features ; localization of chess - board vertices is a common task in computer vision , underpinning many applications , but relatively little work focusses on designing a specific feature detector that is fast , accurate and robust . in this paper the ` chess - board extraction by subtraction and summation ' ( chess ) feature detector , designed to exclusively respond to chess - board vertices , is presented . the method proposed is robust against noise , poor lighting and p ←
→ making risk minimization tolerant to label noise ; in many applications , the training data , from which one needs to learn a classifier , is corrupted with label noise . many standard algorithms such as svm perform poorly in presence of label noise . in this paper we investigate the robustness of risk minimization to label noise . we prove a sufficient condition on a loss function for the risk minimization under that loss to be tolerant to uniform label noise . we show that the $ 0 - 1 $ loss , sigmoid loss , ramp loss ←
→ gradient coding ; we propose a novel coding theoretic framework for mitigating stragglers in distributed learning . we show how carefully replicating data blocks and coding across gradients can provide tolerance to failures and stragglers for synchronous gradient descent . we implement our schemes in python ( using mpi ) to run on amazon ec2 , and show how we compare against baseline approaches in running time and generalization error .←
→ zoneout : regularizing rnns by randomly preserving hidden activations ; we propose zoneout , a novel method for regularizing rnns . at each timestep , zoneout stochastically forces some hidden units to maintain their previous values . like dropout , zoneout uses random noise to train a pseudo - ensemble , improving generalization . but by preserving instead of dropping hidden units , gradient information and state information are more readily propagated through time , as in feedforward stochastic depth networks . we per ←
→ a theory for optical flow - based transport on image manifolds ; an image articulation manifold ( iam ) is the collection of images formed when an object is articulated in front of a camera . iams arise in a variety of image processing and computer vision applications , where they provide a natural low - dimensional embedding of the collection of high - dimensional images . to date iams have been studied as embedded submanifolds of euclidean spaces . unfortunately , their promise has not been realized in practice , becau ←
→ system combination for short utterance speaker recognition ; for text - independent short - utterance speaker recognition ( susr ), the performance often degrades dramatically . this paper presents a combination approach to the susr tasks with two phonetic - aware systems : one is the dnn - based i - vector system and the other is our recently proposed subregion - based gmm - ubm system . the former employs phone posteriors to construct an i - vector model in which the shared statistics offers stronger robustness against limite ←
→ medical image segmentation based on multi - modal convolutional neural network : study on image fusion schemes ; image analysis using more than one modality ( i . e . multi - modal ) has been increasingly applied in the field of biomedical imaging . one of the challenges in performing the multimodal analysis is that there exist multiple schemes for fusing the information from different modalities , where such schemes are application - dependent and lack a unified framework to guide their designs . in this work we firstl ←
→ weighted low rank approximation for background estimation problems ; classical principal component analysis ( pca ) is not robust to the presence of sparse outliers in the data . the use of the $\ ell_1 $ norm in the robust pca ( rpca ) method successfully eliminates the weakness of pca in separating the sparse outliers . in this paper , by sticking a simple weight to the frobenius norm , we propose a weighted low rank ( wlr ) method to avoid the often computationally expensive algorithms relying on the $\ ell_1 $ norm . ←
→ conditional probability tree estimation analysis and algorithms ; we consider the problem of estimating the conditional probability of a label in time $ o (\ log n )$, where $ n $ is the number of possible labels . we analyze a natural reduction of this problem to a set of binary regression problems organized in a tree structure , proving a regret bound that scales with the depth of the tree . motivated by this analysis , we propose the first online algorithm which provably constructs a logarithmic depth tree on the ←
→ towards scalable spectral clustering via spectrum - preserving sparsification ; the eigendeomposition of nearest - neighbor ( nn ) graph laplacian matrices is the main computational bottleneck in spectral clustering . in this work , we introduce a highly - scalable , spectrum - preserving graph sparsification algorithm that enables to build ultra - sparse nn ( u - nn ) graphs with guaranteed preservation of the original graph spectrums , such as the first few eigenvectors of the original graph laplacian . our approach can imm ←
→ experience - based optimization : a coevolutionary approach ; this paper studies improving solvers based on their past solving experiences , and focuses on improving solvers by offline training . specifically , the key issues of offline training methods are discussed , and research belonging to this category but from different areas are reviewed in a unified framework . existing training methods generally adopt a two - stage strategy in which selecting the training instances and training instances are treated in two ←
→ recurrent switching linear dynamical systems ; many natural systems , such as neurons firing in the brain or basketball teams traversing a court , give rise to time series data with complex , nonlinear dynamics . we can gain insight into these systems by decomposing the data into segments that are each explained by simpler dynamic units . building on switching linear dynamical systems ( slds ), we present a new model class that not only discovers these dynamical units , but also explains how their switching behavio ←
→ introduction to ross : a new representational scheme ; ross (" representation , ontology , structure , star ") is introduced as a new method for knowledge representation that emphasizes representational constructs for physical structure . the ross representational scheme includes a language called " star " for the specification of ontology classes . the ross method also includes a formal scheme called the " instance model ". instance models are used in the area of natural language meaning representation to represent si ←
→ identification of relevant subtypes via preweighted sparse clustering ; cluster analysis methods are used to identify homogeneous subgroups in a data set . in biomedical applications , one frequently applies cluster analysis in order to identify biologically interesting subgroups . in particular , one may wish to identify subgroups that are associated with a particular outcome of interest . conventional clustering methods generally do not identify such subgroups , particularly when there are a large number of hig ←
→ printed arabic text recognition using linear and nonlinear regression ; arabic language is one of the most popular languages in the world . hundreds of millions of people in many countries around the world speak arabic as their native speaking . however , due to complexity of arabic language , recognition of printed and handwritten arabic text remained untouched for a very long time compared with english and chinese . although , in the last few years , significant number of researches has been done in recognizing ←
→ artificial life and the web : webal comes of age ; a brief survey is presented of the first 18 years of web - based artificial life (" webal ") research and applications , covering the period 1995 - 2013 . the survey is followed by a short discussion of common methodologies employed and current technologies relevant to webal research . the paper concludes with a quick look at what the future may hold for work in this exciting area .←
→ a compositional object - based approach to learning physical dynamics ; we present the neural physics engine ( npe ), a framework for learning simulators of intuitive physics that naturally generalize across variable object count and different scene configurations . we propose a factorization of a physical scene into composable object - based representations and a neural network architecture whose compositional structure factorizes object dynamics into pairwise interactions . like a symbolic physics engine , the npe ←
→ on the idea of a new artificial intelligence based optimization algorithm inspired from the nature of vortex ; in this paper , the idea of a new artificial intelligence based optimization algorithm , which is inspired from the nature of vortex , has been provided briefly . as also a bio - inspired computation algorithm , the idea is generally focused on a typical vortex flow / behavior in nature and inspires from some dynamics that are occurred in the sense of vortex nature . briefly , the algorithm is also a swar ←
→ on a new formulation of nonlocal image filters involving the relative rearrangement ; nonlocal filters are simple and powerful techniques for image denoising . in this paper we study the reformulation of a broad class of nonlocal filters in terms of two functional rearrangements : the decreasing and the relative rearrangements . independently of the dimension of the image , we reformulate these filters as integral operators defined in a one - dimensional space corresponding to the level sets measures . we pr ←
→ design of kernels in convolutional neural networks for image classification ; despite the effectiveness of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for image classification , our understanding of the relationship between shape of convolution kernels and learned representations is limited . in this work , we explore and employ the relationship between shape of kernels which define receptive fields ( rfs ) in cnns for learning of feature representations and image classification . for this purpose , we first propose a ←
→ there is no fast lunch : an examination of the running speed of evolutionary algorithms in several languages ; it is quite usual when an evolutionary algorithm tool or library uses a language other than c , c ++, java or matlab that a reviewer or the audience questions its usefulness based on the speed of those other languages , purportedly slower than the aforementioned ones . despite speed being not everything needed to design a useful evolutionary algorithm application , in this paper we will measure the spe ←
→ towards structured deep neural network for automatic speech recognition ; in this paper we propose the structured deep neural network ( structured dnn ) as a structured and deep learning framework . this approach can learn to find the best structured object ( such as a label sequence ) given a structured input ( such as a vector sequence ) by globally considering the mapping relationships between the structures rather than item by item . when automatic speech recognition is viewed as a special case of such a stru ←
→ towards estimating the upper bound of visual - speech recognition : the visual lip - reading feasibility database ; speech is the most used communication method between humans and it involves the perception of auditory and visual channels . automatic speech recognition focuses on interpreting the audio signals , although the video can provide information that is complementary to the audio . exploiting the visual information , however , has proven challenging . on one hand , researchers have reported that the mapping ←
→ moving to videokifu : the last steps toward a fully automatic record - keeping of a go game ; in a previous paper [ arxiv : 1508 . 03269 ] we described the techniques we successfully employed for automatically reconstructing the whole move sequence of a go game by means of a set of pictures . now we describe how it is possible to reconstruct the move sequence by means of a video stream ( which may be provided by an unattended webcam ), possibly in real - time . although the basic algorithms remain the same , we will di ←
→ proceedings of the twelfth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 1996 ) ; this is the proceedings of the twelfth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in portland , or , august 1 - 4 , 1996 ←
→ associative embeddings for large - scale knowledge transfer with self - assessment ; we propose a method for knowledge transfer between semantically related classes in imagenet . by transferring knowledge from the images that have bounding - box annotations to the others , our method is capable of automatically populating imagenet with many more bounding - boxes and even pixel - level segmentations . the underlying assumption that objects from semantically related classes look alike is formalized in our novel associat ←
→ compression for smooth shape analysis ; most 3d shape analysis methods use triangular meshes to discretize both the shape and functions on it as piecewise linear functions . with this representation , shape analysis requires fine meshes to represent smooth shapes and geometric operators like normals , curvatures , or laplace - beltrami eigenfunctions at large computational and memory costs . we avoid this bottleneck with a compression technique that represents a smooth shape as subdivision surfaces and exploits ←
→ highly scalable , parallel and distributed adaboost algorithm using light weight threads and web services on a network of multi - core machines ; adaboost is an important algorithm in machine learning and is being widely used in object detection . adaboost works by iteratively selecting the best amongst weak classifiers , and then combines several weak classifiers to obtain a strong classifier . even though adaboost has proven to be very effective , its learning execution time can be quite large depending upon t ←
→ infrastructure for usable machine learning : the stanford dawn project ; despite incredible recent advances in machine learning , building machine learning applications remains prohibitively time - consuming and expensive for all but the best - trained , best - funded engineering organizations . this expense comes not from a need for new and improved statistical models but instead from a lack of systems and tools for supporting end - to - end machine learning application development , from data preparation and labeling to ←
→ exploiting parallelism for hard problems in abstract argumentation : technical report ; abstract argumentation framework (\ afname ) is a unifying framework able to encompass a variety of nonmonotonic reasoning approaches , logic programming and computational argumentation . yet , efficient approaches for most of the decision and enumeration problems associated to \ afname s are missing , thus potentially limiting the efficacy of argumentation - based approaches in real domains . in this paper , we present an algorit ←
→ nonparametric testing for heterogeneous correlation ; in the presence of weak overall correlation , it may be useful to investigate if the correlation is significantly and substantially more pronounced over a subpopulation . two different testing procedures are compared . both are based on the rankings of the values of two variables from a data set with a large number n of observations . the first maintains its level against gaussian copulas ; the second adapts to general alternatives in the sense that that the ←
→ exploiting context when learning to classify ; this paper addresses the problem of classifying observations when features are context - sensitive , specifically when the testing set involves a context that is different from the training set . the paper begins with a precise definition of the problem , then general strategies are presented for enhancing the performance of classification algorithms on this type of problem . these strategies are tested on two domains . the first domain is the diagnosis of gas turbine ←
→ a hybrid deep learning architecture for privacy - preserving mobile analytics ; the increasing quality of smartphone cameras and variety of photo editing applications , in addition to the rise in popularity of image - centric social media , have all led to a phenomenal growth in mobile - based photography . advances in computer vision and machine learning techniques provide a large number of cloud - based services with the ability to provide content analysis , face recognition , and object detection facilities to thir ←
→ adapting heuristic mastermind strategies to evolutionary algorithms ; the art of solving the mastermind puzzle was initiated by donald knuth and is already more than 30 years old ; despite that , it still receives much attention in operational research and computer games journals , not to mention the nature - inspired stochastic algorithm literature . in this paper we try to suggest a strategy that will allow nature - inspired algorithms to obtain results as good as those based on exhaustive search strategies ; in o ←
→ factored filtering of continuous - time systems ; we consider filtering for a continuous - time , or asynchronous , stochastic system where the full distribution over states is too large to be stored or calculated . we assume that the rate matrix of the system can be compactly represented and that the belief distribution is to be approximated as a product of marginals . the essential computation is the matrix exponential . we look at two different methods for its computation : ode integration and uniformization of th ←
→ developing a supervised training algorithm for limited precision feed - forward spiking neural networks ; spiking neural networks have been referred to as the third generation of artificial neural networks where the information is coded as time of the spikes . there are a number of different spiking neuron models available and they are categorized based on their level of abstraction . in addition , there are two known learning methods , unsupervised and supervised learning . this thesis focuses on supervised lea ←
→ deception detection in videos ; we present a system for covert automated deception detection in real - life courtroom trial videos . we study the importance of different modalities like vision , audio and text for this task . on the vision side , our system uses classifiers trained on low level video features which predict human micro - expressions . we show that predictions of high - level micro - expressions can be used as features for deception prediction . surprisingly , idt ( improved dense trajectory ) features which ←
→ rethinking the smaller - norm - less - informative assumption in channel pruning of convolution layers ; model pruning has become a useful technique that improves the computational efficiency of deep learning , making it possible to deploy solutions in resource - limited scenarios . a widely - used practice in relevant work assumes that a smaller - norm parameter or feature plays a less informative role at the inference time . in this paper , we propose a channel pruning technique for accelerating the computations of dee ←
→" oddball sgd ": novelty driven stochastic gradient descent for training deep neural networks ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is arguably the most popular of the machine learning methods applied to training deep neural networks ( dnn ) today . it has recently been demonstrated that sgd can be statistically biased so that certain elements of the training set are learned more rapidly than others . in this article , we place sgd into a feedback loop whereby the probability of selection is proportional to error ←
→ translucent players : explaining cooperative behavior in social dilemmas ; in the last few decades , numerous experiments have shown that humans do not always behave so as to maximize their material payoff . cooperative behavior when non - cooperation is a dominant strategy ( with respect to the material payoffs ) is particularly puzzling . here we propose a novel approach to explain cooperation , assuming what halpern and pass call translucent players . typically , players are assumed to be opaque , in the sense that ←
→ eight maximal tractable subclasses of allen ' s algebra with metric time ; this paper combines two important directions of research in temporal resoning : that of finding maximal tractable subclasses of allen ' s interval algebra , and that of reasoning with metric temporal information . eight new maximal tractable subclasses of allen ' s interval algebra are presented , some of them subsuming previously reported tractable algebras . the algebras allow for metric temporal constraints on interval starting or ending poi ←
→ nested hierarchical dirichlet processes ; we develop a nested hierarchical dirichlet process ( nhdp ) for hierarchical topic modeling . the nhdp is a generalization of the nested chinese restaurant process ( ncrp ) that allows each word to follow its own path to a topic node according to a document - specific distribution on a shared tree . this alleviates the rigid , single - path formulation of the ncrp , allowing a document to more easily express thematic borrowings as a random effect . we derive a stochastic variati ←
→$ q $- and $ a $- learning methods for estimating optimal dynamic treatment regimes ; in clinical practice , physicians make a series of treatment decisions over the course of a patient ' s disease based on his / her baseline and evolving characteristics . a dynamic treatment regime is a set of sequential decision rules that operationalizes this process . each rule corresponds to a decision point and dictates the next treatment action based on the accrued information . using existing data , a key goal is estimating the ←
→ bayesian query - focused summarization ; we present bayesum ( for `` bayesian summarization ''), a model for sentence extraction in query - focused summarization . bayesum leverages the common case in which multiple documents are relevant to a single query . using these documents as reinforcement for query terms , bayesum is not afflicted by the paucity of information in short queries . we show that approximate inference in bayesum is possible on large data sets and results in a state - of - the - art summarization system . ←
→ recurrent neural network attention mechanisms for interpretable system log anomaly detection ; deep learning has recently demonstrated state - of - the art performance on key tasks related to the maintenance of computer systems , such as intrusion detection , denial of service attack detection , hardware and software system failures , and malware detection . in these contexts , model interpretability is vital for administrator and analyst to trust and act on the automated analysis of machine learning models . deep l ←
→ optimal solutions for sparse principal component analysis ; given a sample covariance matrix , we examine the problem of maximizing the variance explained by a linear combination of the input variables while constraining the number of nonzero coefficients in this combination . this is known as sparse principal component analysis and has a wide array of applications in machine learning and engineering . we formulate a new semidefinite relaxation to this problem and derive a greedy algorithm that computes a full ←
→ resolution - and throughput - enhanced spectroscopy using high - throughput computational slit ; there exists a fundamental tradeoff between spectral resolution and the efficiency or throughput for all optical spectrometers . the primary factors affecting the spectral resolution and throughput of an optical spectrometer are the size of the entrance aperture and the optical power of the focusing element . thus far collective optimization of the above mentioned has proven difficult . here , we introduce the concept ←
→ euretile d7 . 3 - dynamic dal benchmark coding , measurements on mpi version of dpsnn - stdp ( distributed plastic spiking neural net ) and improvements to other dal codes ; the euretile project required the selection and coding of a set of dedicated benchmarks . the project is about the software and hardware architecture of future many - tile distributed fault - tolerant systems . we focus on dynamic workloads characterised by heavy numerical processing requirements . the ambition is to identify common techniques th ←
→ application of symmetric uncertainty and mutual information to dimensionality reduction and classification of hyperspectral images ; remote sensing is a technology to acquire data for disatant substances , necessary to construct a model knowledge for applications as classification . recently hyperspectral images ( hsi ) becomes a high technical tool that the main goal is to classify the point of a region . the his is more than a hundred bidirectional measures , called bands ( or simply images ), of the same regio ←
→ deep pyramidal residual networks ; deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) have shown remarkable performance in image classification tasks in recent years . generally , deep neural network architectures are stacks consisting of a large number of convolutional layers , and they perform downsampling along the spatial dimension via pooling to reduce memory usage . concurrently , the feature map dimension ( i . e ., the number of channels ) is sharply increased at downsampling locations , which is essential to ensure e ←
→ unimodal bandits without smoothness ; we consider stochastic bandit problems with a continuous set of arms and where the expected reward is a continuous and unimodal function of the arm . no further assumption is made regarding the smoothness and the structure of the expected reward function . for these problems , we propose the stochastic pentachotomy ( sp ) algorithm , and derive finite - time upper bounds on its regret and optimization error . in particular , we show that , for any expected reward function $\ mu $ th ←
→ getting more out of syntax with props ; semantic nlp applications often rely on dependency trees to recognize major elements of the proposition structure of sentences . yet , while much semantic structure is indeed expressed by syntax , many phenomena are not easily read out of dependency trees , often leading to further ad - hoc heuristic post - processing or to information loss . to directly address the needs of semantic applications , we present props -- an output representation designed to explicitly and uniforml ←
→ combining two and three - way embeddings models for link prediction in knowledge bases ; this paper tackles the problem of endogenous link prediction for knowledge base completion . knowledge bases can be represented as directed graphs whose nodes correspond to entities and edges to relationships . previous attempts either consist of powerful systems with high capacity to model complex connectivity patterns , which unfortunately usually end up overfitting on rare relationships , or in approaches that trade capa ←
→ a novel approach of color image hiding using rgb color planes and dwt ; this work proposes a wavelet based steganographic technique for the color image . the true color cover image and the true color secret image both are decomposed into three separate color planes namely r , g and b . each plane of the images is decomposed into four sub bands using dwt . each color plane of the secret image is hidden by alpha blending technique in the corresponding sub bands of the respective color planes of the original image ←
→ argumentation mining in user - generated web discourse ; the goal of argumentation mining , an evolving research field in computational linguistics , is to design methods capable of analyzing people ' s argumentation . in this article , we go beyond the state of the art in several ways . ( i ) we deal with actual web data and take up the challenges given by the variety of registers , multiple domains , and unrestricted noisy user - generated web discourse . ( ii ) we bridge the gap between normative argumentation theories an ←
→ 4d multi - atlas label fusion using longitudinal images ; longitudinal reproducibility is an essential concern in automated medical image segmentation , yet has proven to be an elusive objective as manual brain structure tracings have shown more than 10 % variability . to improve reproducibility , lon - gitudinal segmentation ( 4d ) approaches have been investigated to reconcile tem - poral variations with traditional 3d approaches . in the past decade , multi - atlas la - bel fusion has become a state - of - the - art segmentatio ←
→ sparse k - means with $\ ell_ {\ infty }/\ ell_0 $ penalty for high - dimensional data clustering ; sparse clustering , which aims to find a proper partition of an extremely high - dimensional data set with redundant noise features , has been attracted more and more interests in recent years . the existing studies commonly solve the problem in a framework of maximizing the weighted feature contributions subject to a $\ ell_2 /\ ell_1 $ penalty . nevertheless , this framework has two serious drawbacks : one is that the solution ←
→ loop corrections for message passing algorithms in continuous variable models ; in this paper we derive the equations for loop corrected belief propagation on a continuous variable gaussian model . using the exactness of the averages for belief propagation for gaussian models , a different way of obtaining the covariances is found , based on belief propagation on cavity graphs . we discuss the relation of this loop correction algorithm to expectation propagation algorithms for the case in which the model is n ←
→ support consistency of direct sparse - change learning in markov networks ; we study the problem of learning sparse structure changes between two markov networks $ p $ and $ q $. rather than fitting two markov networks separately to two sets of data and figuring out their differences , a recent work proposed to learn changes \ emph { directly } via estimating the ratio between two markov network models . in this paper , we give sufficient conditions for \ emph { successful change detection } with respect to the sample size ←
→ modelling concurrent behaviors in the process specification language ; in this paper , we propose a first - order ontology for generalized stratified order structure . we then classify the models of the theory using model - theoretic techniques . an ontology mapping from this ontology to the core theory of process specification language is also discussed .←
→ debacl : a python package for interactive density - based clustering ; the level set tree approach of hartigan ( 1975 ) provides a probabilistically based and highly interpretable encoding of the clustering behavior of a dataset . by representing the hierarchy of data modes as a dendrogram of the level sets of a density estimator , this approach offers many advantages for exploratory analysis and clustering , especially for complex and high - dimensional data . several r packages exist for level set tree estimation , b ←
→ assertion - based qa with question - aware open information extraction ; we present assertion based question answering ( abqa ), an open domain question answering task that takes a question and a passage as inputs , and outputs a semi - structured assertion consisting of a subject , a predicate and a list of arguments . an assertion conveys more evidences than a short answer span in reading comprehension , and it is more concise than a tedious passage in passage - based qa . these advantages make abqa more suitable for hu ←
→ res : regularized stochastic bfgs algorithm ; res , a regularized stochastic version of the broyden - fletcher - goldfarb - shanno ( bfgs ) quasi - newton method is proposed to solve convex optimization problems with stochastic objectives . the use of stochastic gradient descent algorithms is widespread , but the number of iterations required to approximate optimal arguments can be prohibitive in high dimensional problems . application of second order methods , on the other hand , is impracticable because computation of obj ←
→ flownet : learning optical flow with convolutional networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have recently been very successful in a variety of computer vision tasks , especially on those linked to recognition . optical flow estimation has not been among the tasks where cnns were successful . in this paper we construct appropriate cnns which are capable of solving the optical flow estimation problem as a supervised learning task . we propose and compare two architectures : a generic architecture and another ←
→ the algorithms of updating sequential patterns ; because the data being mined in the temporal database will evolve with time , many researchers have focused on the incremental mining of frequent sequences in temporal database . in this paper , we propose an algorithm called ius , using the frequent and negative border sequences in the original database for incremental sequence mining . to deal with the case where some data need to be updated from the original database , we present an algorithm called dus to maint ←
→ structure inference machines : recurrent neural networks for analyzing relations in group activity recognition ; rich semantic relations are important in a variety of visual recognition problems . as a concrete example , group activity recognition involves the interactions and relative spatial relations of a set of people in a scene . state of the art recognition methods center on deep learning approaches for training highly effective , complex classifiers for interpreting images . however , bridging the relativ ←
→ efficient natural evolution strategies ; efficient natural evolution strategies ( enes ) is a novel alternative to conventional evolutionary algorithms , using the natural gradient to adapt the mutation distribution . unlike previous methods based on natural gradients , enes uses a fast algorithm to calculate the inverse of the exact fisher information matrix , thus increasing both robustness and performance of its evolution gradient estimation , even in higher dimensions . additional novel aspects of enes include ←
→ neural word segmentation learning for chinese ; most previous approaches to chinese word segmentation formalize this problem as a character - based sequence labeling task where only contextual information within fixed sized local windows and simple interactions between adjacent tags can be captured . in this paper , we propose a novel neural framework which thoroughly eliminates context windows and can utilize complete segmentation history . our model employs a gated combination neural network over characters to ←
→ choice by elimination via deep neural networks ; we introduce neural choice by elimination , a new framework that integrates deep neural networks into probabilistic sequential choice models for learning to rank . given a set of items to chose from , the elimination strategy starts with the whole item set and iteratively eliminates the least worthy item in the remaining subset . we prove that the choice by elimination is equivalent to marginalizing out the random gompertz latent utilities . coupled with the choic ←
→ ensemble models with trees and rules ; in this article , we have proposed several approaches for post processing a large ensemble of prediction models or rules . the results from our simulations show that the post processing methods we have considered here are promising . we have used the techniques developed here for estimation of quantitative traits from markers , on the benchmark " bostob housing " data set and in some simulations . in most cases , the produced models had better prediction performance than , for e ←
→ generating synthetic data for text recognition ; generating synthetic images is an art which emulates the natural process of image generation in a closest possible manner . in this work , we exploit such a framework for data generation in handwritten domain . we render synthetic data using open source fonts and incorporate data augmentation schemes . as part of this work , we release 9m synthetic handwritten word image corpus which could be useful for training deep network architectures and advancing the perform ←
→ what makes good synthetic training data for learning disparity and optical flow estimation ? ; the finding that very large networks can be trained efficiently and reliably has led to a paradigm shift in computer vision from engineered solutions to learning formulations . as a result , the research challenge shifts from devising algorithms to creating suitable and abundant training data for supervised learning . how to efficiently create such training data ? the dominant data acquisition method in visual recogn ←
→ learning graphs with monotone topology properties and multiple connected components ; recent papers have formulated the problem of learning graphs from data as an inverse covariance estimation with graph laplacian constraints . while such problems are convex , existing methods cannot guarantee that solutions will have specific graph topology properties ( e . g ., being $ k $- partite ), which are desirable for some applications . in fact , the problem of learning a graph with given topology properties , e . g ., finding ←
→ comparing two trainable grammatical relations finders ; grammatical relationships ( grs ) form an important level of natural language processing , but different sets of grs are useful for different purposes . therefore , one may often only have time to obtain a small training corpus with the desired gr annotations . on such a small training corpus , we compare two systems . they use different learning techniques , but we find that this difference by itself only has a minor effect . a larger factor is that in english ,←
→ graphical potential games ; potential games , originally introduced in the early 1990 ' s by lloyd shapley , the 2012 nobel laureate in economics , and his colleague dov monderer , are a very important class of models in game theory . they have special properties such as the existence of nash equilibria in pure strategies . this note introduces graphical versions of potential games . special cases of graphical potential games have already found applicability in many areas of science and engineering beyond economics ,←
→ review and evaluation of feature selection algorithms in synthetic problems ; the main purpose of feature subset selection is to find a reduced subset of attributes from a data set described by a feature set . the task of a feature selection algorithm ( fsa ) is to provide with a computational solution motivated by a certain definition of relevance or by a reliable evaluation measure . in this paper several fundamental algorithms are studied to assess their performance in a controlled experimental scenario . a ←
→ iterative bayesian learning for crowdsourced regression ; crowdsourcing platforms emerged as popular venues for purchasing human intelligence at low cost for large volumes of tasks . as many low - paid workers are prone to give noisy answers , one of the fundamental questions is how to identify more reliable workers and exploit this heterogeneity to infer the true answers accurately . despite significant research efforts for classification tasks with discrete answers , little attention has been paid to regression ←
→ policy search with high - dimensional context variables ; direct contextual policy search methods learn to improve policy parameters and simultaneously generalize these parameters to different context or task variables . however , learning from high - dimensional context variables , such as camera images , is still a prominent problem in many real - world tasks . a naive application of unsupervised dimensionality reduction methods to the context variables , such as principal component analysis , is insufficient as task -←
→ a unified multiscale framework for discrete energy minimization ; discrete energy minimization is a ubiquitous task in computer vision , yet is np - hard in most cases . in this work we propose a multiscale framework for coping with the np - hardness of discrete optimization . our approach utilizes algebraic multiscale principles to efficiently explore the discrete solution space , yielding improved results on challenging , non - submodular energies for which current methods provide unsatisfactory approximations . in c ←
→ dependence modeling in ultra high dimensions with vine copulas and the graphical lasso ; to model high dimensional data , gaussian methods are widely used since they remain tractable and yield parsimonious models by imposing strong assumptions on the data . vine copulas are more flexible by combining arbitrary marginal distributions and ( conditional ) bivariate copulas . yet , this adaptability is accompanied by sharply increasing computational effort as the dimension increases . the approach proposed in this p ←
→ hand3d : hand pose estimation using 3d neural network ; we propose a novel 3d neural network architecture for 3d hand pose estimation from a single depth image . different from previous works that mostly run on 2d depth image domain and require intermediate or post process to bring in the supervision from 3d space , we convert the depth map to a 3d volumetric representation , and feed it into a 3d convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to directly produce the pose in 3d requiring no further process . our system does ←
→ large - scale machine translation between arabic and hebrew : available corpora and initial results ; machine translation between arabic and hebrew has so far been limited by a lack of parallel corpora , despite the political and cultural importance of this language pair . previous work relied on manually - crafted grammars or pivoting via english , both of which are unsatisfactory for building a scalable and accurate mt system . in this work , we compare standard phrase - based and neural systems on arabic - hebrew tr ←
→ training large margin host - pathogen protein - protein interaction predictors ; detection of protein - protein interactions ( ppis ) plays a vital role in molecular biology . particularly , infections are caused by the interactions of host and pathogen proteins . it is important to identify host - pathogen interactions ( hpis ) to discover new drugs to counter infectious diseases . conventional wet lab ppi prediction techniques have limitations in terms of large scale application and budget . hence , computational approac ←
→ solving linear equations by classical jacobi - sr based hybrid evolutionary algorithm with uniform adaptation technique ; solving a set of simultaneous linear equations is probably the most important topic in numerical methods . for solving linear equations , iterative methods are preferred over the direct methods especially when the coefficient matrix is sparse . the rate of convergence of iteration method is increased by using successive relaxation ( sr ) technique . but sr technique is very much sensitive to r ←
→ learning from maps : visual common sense for autonomous driving ; today ' s autonomous vehicles rely extensively on high - definition 3d maps to navigate the environment . while this approach works well when these maps are completely up - to - date , safe autonomous vehicles must be able to corroborate the map ' s information via a real time sensor - based system . our goal in this work is to develop a model for road layout inference given imagery from on - board cameras , without any reliance on high - definition maps . however ←
→ spectral image visualization using generative adversarial networks ; spectral images captured by satellites and radio - telescopes are analyzed to obtain information about geological compositions distributions , distant asters as well as undersea terrain . spectral images usually contain tens to hundreds of continuous narrow spectral bands and are widely used in various fields . but the vast majority of those image signals are beyond the visible range , which calls for special visualization technique . the visuali ←
→ the multilinear structure of relu networks ; we study the loss surface of neural networks equipped with a hinge loss criterion and relu or leaky relu nonlinearities . any such network defines a piecewise multilinear form in parameter space , and as a consequence , optima of such networks generically occur in non - differentiable regions of parameter space . any understanding of such networks must therefore carefully take into account their non - smooth nature . we show how to use techniques from nonsmooth analysis t ←
→ multi - scale anisotropic fourth - order diffusion improves ridge and valley localization ; ridge and valley enhancing filters are widely used in applications such as vessel detection in medical image computing . when images are degraded by noise or include vessels at different scales , such filters are an essential step for meaningful and stable vessel localization . in this work , we propose a novel multi - scale anisotropic fourth - order diffusion equation that allows us to smooth along vessels , while sharpening ←
→ new worst - case upper bound for x3sat ; the rigorous theoretical analyses of algorithms for exact 3 - satisfiability ( x3sat ) have been proposed in the literature . as we know , previous algorithms for solving x3sat have been analyzed only regarding the number of variables as the parameter . however , the time complexity for solving x3sat instances depends not only on the number of variables , but also on the number of clauses . therefore , it is significant to exploit the time complexity from the other point of view ,←
→ topicresponse : a marriage of topic modelling and rasch modelling for automatic measurement in moocs ; this paper explores the suitability of using automatically discovered topics from mooc discussion forums for modelling students ' academic abilities . the rasch model from psychometrics is a popular generative probabilistic model that relates latent student skill , latent item difficulty , and observed student - item responses within a principled , unified framework . according to scholarly educational theory , di ←
→ modeling label ambiguity for neural list - wise learning to rank ; list - wise learning to rank methods are considered to be the state - of - the - art . one of the major problems with these methods is that the ambiguous nature of relevance labels in learning to rank data is ignored . ambiguity of relevance labels refers to the phenomenon that multiple documents may be assigned the same relevance label for a given query , so that no preference order should be learned for those documents . in this paper we propose a novel ←
→ context - based object viewpoint estimation : a 2d relational approach ; the task of object viewpoint estimation has been a challenge since the early days of computer vision . to estimate the viewpoint ( or pose ) of an object , people have mostly looked at object intrinsic features , such as shape or appearance . surprisingly , informative features provided by other , extrinsic elements in the scene , have so far mostly been ignored . at the same time , contextual cues have been proven to be of great benefit for related ←
→ computationally efficient estimators for dimension reductions using stable random projections ; the method of stable random projections is a tool for efficiently computing the $ l_ \ alpha $ distances using low memory , where $ 0 <\ alpha \ leq 2 $ is a tuning parameter . the method boils down to a statistical estimation task and various estimators have been proposed , based on the geometric mean , the harmonic mean , and the fractional power etc . this study proposes the optimal quantile estimator , whose main operati ←
→ 3d scanning system for automatic high - resolution plant phenotyping ; thin leaves , fine stems , self - occlusion , non - rigid and slowly changing structures make plants difficult for three - dimensional ( 3d ) scanning and reconstruction -- two critical steps in automated visual phenotyping . many current solutions such as laser scanning , structured light , and multiview stereo can struggle to acquire usable 3d models because of limitations in scanning resolution and calibration accuracy . in response , we have developed ←
→ sequential randomized matrix factorization for gaussian processes : efficient predictions and hyper - parameter optimization ; this paper presents a sequential randomized lowrank matrix factorization approach for incrementally predicting values of an unknown function at test points using the gaussian processes framework . it is well - known that in the gaussian processes framework , the computational bottlenecks are the inversion of the ( regularized ) kernel matrix and the computation of the hyper - parameters defi ←
→ style - transfer via texture - synthesis ; style - transfer is a process of migrating a style from a given image to the content of another , synthesizing a new image which is an artistic mixture of the two . recent work on this problem adopting convolutional neural - networks ( cnn ) ignited a renewed interest in this field , due to the very impressive results obtained . there exists an alternative path towards handling the style - transfer task , via generalization of texture - synthesis algorithms . this approach has been pr ←
→ learning from simulated and unsupervised images through adversarial training ; with recent progress in graphics , it has become more tractable to train models on synthetic images , potentially avoiding the need for expensive annotations . however , learning from synthetic images may not achieve the desired performance due to a gap between synthetic and real image distributions . to reduce this gap , we propose simulated + unsupervised ( s + u ) learning , where the task is to learn a model to improve the realism of a ←
→ lattice particle filters ; a standard approach to approximate inference in state - space models isto apply a particle filter , e . g ., the condensation algorithm . however , the performance of particle filters often varies significantlydue to their stochastic nature . we present a class of algorithms , called lattice particle filters , thatcircumvent this difficulty by placing the particles deterministicallyaccording to a quasi - monte carlo integration rule . we describe a practical realization of this idea , discuss itsth ←
→ a sensitivity analysis of pathfinder : a follow - up study ; at last year ? s uncertainty in ai conference , we reported the results of a sensitivity analysis study of pathfinder . our findings were quite unexpected - slight variations to pathfinder ? s parameters appeared to lead to substantial degradations in system performance . a careful look at our first analysis , together with the valuable feedback provided by the participants of last year ? s conference , led us to conduct a follow - up study . our follow - up differs f ←
→ isoelastic agents and wealth updates in machine learning markets ; recently , prediction markets have shown considerable promise for developing flexible mechanisms for machine learning . in this paper , agents with isoelastic utilities are considered . it is shown that the costs associated with homogeneous markets of agents with isoelastic utilities produce equilibrium prices corresponding to alpha - mixtures , with a particular form of mixing component relating to each agent ' s wealth . we also demonstrate that wea ←
→ sufficient and necessary conditions for dynamic programming in valuation - based systems ; valuation algebras abstract a large number of formalisms for automated reasoning and enable the definition of generic inference procedures . many of these formalisms provide some notion of solution . typical examples are satisfying assignments in constraint systems , models in logics or solutions to linear equation systems . many widely used dynamic programming algorithms for optimization problems rely on low treewidth ←
→ what makes imagenet good for transfer learning ? ; the tremendous success of imagenet - trained deep features on a wide range of transfer tasks begs the question : what are the properties of the imagenet dataset that are critical for learning good , general - purpose features ? this work provides an empirical investigation of various facets of this question : is more pre - training data always better ? how does feature quality depend on the number of training examples per class ? does adding more object classes improve ←
→ segmentation of natural images by texture and boundary compression ; we present a novel algorithm for segmentation of natural images that harnesses the principle of minimum description length ( mdl ). our method is based on observations that a homogeneously textured region of a natural image can be well modeled by a gaussian distribution and the region boundary can be effectively coded by an adaptive chain code . the optimal segmentation of an image is the one that gives the shortest coding length for encoding ←
→ on consistency of graph - based semi - supervised learning ; graph - based semi - supervised learning is one of the most popular methods in machine learning . some of its theoretical properties such as bounds for the generalization error and the convergence of the graph laplacian regularizer have been studied in computer science and statistics literatures . however , a fundamental statistical property , the consistency of the estimator from this method has not been proved . in this article , we study the consistency prob ←
→ the z - loss : a shift and scale invariant classification loss belonging to the spherical family ; despite being the standard loss function to train multi - class neural networks , the log - softmax has two potential limitations . first , it involves computations that scale linearly with the number of output classes , which can restrict the size of problems we are able to tackle with current hardware . second , it remains unclear how close it matches the task loss such as the top - k error rate or other non - differentiab ←
→ bisimulation and expressivity for conditional belief , degrees of belief , and safe belief ; plausibility models are kripke models that agents use to reason about knowledge and belief , both of themselves and of each other . such models are used to interpret the notions of conditional belief , degrees of belief , and safe belief . the logic of conditional belief contains that modality and also the knowledge modality , and similarly for the logic of degrees of belief and the logic of safe belief . with respect to t ←
→ hand gesture real time paint tool - box ; with current development universally in computing , now a days user interaction approaches with mouse , keyboard , touch - pens etc . are not sufficient . directly using of hands or hand gestures as an input device is a method to attract people with providing the applications , through machine learning and computer vision . human - computer interaction application in which you can simply draw different shapes , fill the colors , moving the folder from one place to another place ←
→ obtaining reliable feedback for sanctioning reputation mechanisms ; reputation mechanisms offer an effective alternative to verification authorities for building trust in electronic markets with moral hazard . future clients guide their business decisions by considering the feedback from past transactions ; if truthfully exposed , cheating behavior is sanctioned and thus becomes irrational . it therefore becomes important to ensure that rational clients have the right incentives to report honestly . as an alte ←
→ non - parametric transformation networks ; convnets , through their architecture , only enforce invariance to translation . in this paper , we introduce a new class of deep convolutional architectures called non - parametric transformation networks ( nptns ) which can learn \ textit { general } invariances and symmetries directly from data . nptns are a natural generalization of convnets and can be optimized directly using gradient descent . unlike almost all previous works in deep architectures , they make no assumption re ←
→ a distance - based branch and bound feature selection algorithm ; there is no known efficient method for selecting k gaussian features from n which achieve the lowest bayesian classification error . we show an example of how greedy algorithms faced with this task are led to give results that are not optimal . this motivates us to propose a more robust approach . we present a branch and bound algorithm for finding a subset of k independent gaussian features which minimizes the naive bayesian classification error .←
→ multiple instance learning by discriminative training of markov networks ; we introduce a graphical framework for multiple instance learning ( mil ) based on markov networks . this framework can be used to model the traditional mil definition as well as more general mil definitions . different levels of ambiguity -- the portion of positive instances in a bag -- can be explored in weakly supervised data . to train these models , we propose a discriminative max - margin learning algorithm leveraging efficient inferen ←
→ differentially private bayesian optimization ; bayesian optimization is a powerful tool for fine - tuning the hyper - parameters of a wide variety of machine learning models . the success of machine learning has led practitioners in diverse real - world settings to learn classifiers for practical problems . as machine learning becomes commonplace , bayesian optimization becomes an attractive method for practitioners to automate the process of classifier hyper - parameter tuning . a key observation is that the data used ←
→ simple and efficient parallelization for probabilistic temporal tensor factorization ; probabilistic temporal tensor factorization ( pttf ) is an effective algorithm to model the temporal tensor data . it leverages a time constraint to capture the evolving properties of tensor data . nowadays the exploding dataset demands a large scale pttf analysis , and a parallel solution is critical to accommodate the trend . whereas , the parallelization of pttf still remains unexplored . in this paper , we propose a simple y ←
→ detecting small signs from large images ; in the past decade , convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been demonstrated successful for object detections . however , the size of network input is limited by the amount of memory available on gpus . moreover , performance degrades when detecting small objects . to alleviate the memory usage and improve the performance of detecting small traffic signs , we proposed an approach for detecting small traffic signs from large images under real world conditions . in partic ←
→ image deblurring and super - resolution by adaptive sparse domain selection and adaptive regularization ; as a powerful statistical image modeling technique , sparse representation has been successfully used in various image restoration applications . the success of sparse representation owes to the development of l1 - norm optimization techniques , and the fact that natural images are intrinsically sparse in some domain . the image restoration quality largely depends on whether the employed sparse domain can rep ←
→ cascaded neural networks with selective classifiers and its evaluation using lung x - ray ct images ; lung nodule detection is a class imbalanced problem because nodules are found with much lower frequency than non - nodules . in the class imbalanced problem , conventional classifiers tend to be overwhelmed by the majority class and ignore the minority class . we therefore propose cascaded convolutional neural networks to cope with the class imbalanced problem . in the proposed approach , cascaded convolutional ne ←
→ learning ambiguous functions by neural networks ; it is not , in general , possible to have access to all variables that determine the behavior of a system . having identified a number of variables whose values can be accessed , there may still be hidden variables which influence the dynamics of the system . the result is model ambiguity in the sense that , for the same ( or very similar ) input values , different objective outputs should have been obtained . in addition , the degree of ambiguity may vary widely acros ←
→ greedy learning of markov network structure ; we propose a new yet natural algorithm for learning the graph structure of general discrete graphical models ( a . k . a . markov random fields ) from samples . our algorithm finds the neighborhood of a node by sequentially adding nodes that produce the largest reduction in empirical conditional entropy ; it is greedy in the sense that the choice of addition is based only on the reduction achieved at that iteration . its sequential nature gives it a lower computational co ←
→ additive kernels for gaussian process modeling ; gaussian process ( gp ) models are often used as mathematical approximations of computationally expensive experiments . provided that its kernel is suitably chosen and that enough data is available to obtain a reasonable fit of the simulator , a gp model can beneficially be used for tasks such as prediction , optimization , or monte - carlo - based quantification of uncertainty . however , the former conditions become unrealistic when using classical gps as the dimension ←
→ stability of topic modeling via matrix factorization ; topic models can provide us with an insight into the underlying latent structure of a large corpus of documents . a range of methods have been proposed in the literature , including probabilistic topic models and techniques based on matrix factorization . however , in both cases , standard implementations rely on stochastic elements in their initialization phase , which can potentially lead to different results being generated on the same corpus when using th ←
→ arabic text recognition in video sequences ; in this paper , we propose a robust approach for text extraction and recognition from arabic news video sequence . the text included in video sequences is an important needful for indexing and searching system . however , this text is difficult to detect and recognize because of the variability of its size , their low resolution characters and the complexity of the backgrounds . to solve these problems , we propose a system performing in two main tasks : extraction and r ←
→ un système modulaire d ' acquisition automatique de traductions à partir du web ; we present a method of automatic translation ( french / english ) of complex lexical units ( clu ) for aiming at extracting a bilingual lexicon . our modular system is based on linguistic properties ( compositionality , polysemy , etc .). different aspects of the multilingual web are used to validate candidate translations and collect new terms . we first build a french corpus of web pages to collect clu . three adapted processing stages a ←
→ tacit knowledge mining algorithm based on linguistic truth - valued concept lattice ; this paper is the continuation of our research work about linguistic truth - valued concept lattice . in order to provide a mathematical tool for mining tacit knowledge , we establish a concrete model of 6 - ary linguistic truth - valued concept lattice and introduce a mining algorithm through the structure consistency . specifically , we utilize the attributes to depict knowledge , propose the 6 - ary linguistic truth - valued attribute ←
→ gaussian mixture model for handwritten script identification ; this paper presents a gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) to identify the script of handwritten words of roman , devanagari , kannada and telugu scripts . it emphasizes the significance of directional energies for identification of script of the word . it is robust to varied image sizes and different styles of writing . a gmm is modeled using a set of six novel features derived from directional energy distributions of the underlying image . the standard devi ←
→ a universal marginalizer for amortized inference in generative models ; we consider the problem of inference in a causal generative model where the set of available observations differs between data instances . we show how combining samples drawn from the graphical model with an appropriate masking function makes it possible to train a single neural network to approximate all the corresponding conditional marginal distributions and thus amortize the cost of inference . we further demonstrate that the efficien ←
→ comparing expert systems built using different uncertain inference systems ; this study compares the inherent intuitiveness or usability of the most prominent methods for managing uncertainty in expert systems , including those of emycin , prospector , dempster - shafer theory , fuzzy set theory , simplified probability theory ( assuming marginal independence ), and linear regression using probability estimates . participants in the study gained experience in a simple , hypothetical problem domain through a series o ←
→ don ' t ' have a clue '? unsupervised co - learning of downward - entailing operators ; researchers in textual entailment have begun to consider inferences involving ' downward - entailing operators ', an interesting and important class of lexical items that change the way inferences are made . recent work proposed a method for learning english downward - entailing operators that requires access to a high - quality collection of ' negative polarity items ' ( npis ). however , english is one of the very few languages for which ←
→ power optimizations in mtj - based neural networks through stochastic computing ; artificial neural networks ( anns ) have found widespread applications in tasks such as pattern recognition and image classification . however , hardware implementations of anns using conventional binary arithmetic units are computationally expensive , energy - intensive and have large area overheads . stochastic computing ( sc ) is an emerging paradigm which replaces these conventional units with simple logic circuits and is particular ←
→ advise : symbolism and external knowledge for decoding advertisements ; in order to convey the most content in their limited space , advertisements embed references to outside knowledge via symbolism . for example , a motorcycle stands for adventure ( a positive property the ad wants associated with the product being sold ), and a gun stands for danger ( a negative property to dissuade viewers from undesirable behaviors ). we show how to use symbolic references to better understand the meaning of an ad . we further ←
→ directed reduction algorithms and decomposable graphs ; in recent years , there have been intense research efforts to develop efficient methods for probabilistic inference in probabilistic influence diagrams or belief networks . many people have concluded that the best methods are those based on undirected graph structures , and that those methods are inherently superior to those based on node reduction operations on the influence diagram . we show here that these two approaches are essentially the same , since ←
→ iterative exact global histogram specification and ssim gradient ascent : a proof of convergence , step size and parameter selection ; the ssim - optimized exact global histogram specification ( eghs ) is shown to converge in the sense that the first order approximation of the result ' s quality ( i . e ., its structural similarity with input ) does not decrease in an iteration , when the step size is small . each iteration is composed of ssim gradient ascent and basic eghs with the specified target histogram . selection ←
→ capacity and trainability in recurrent neural networks ; two potential bottlenecks on the expressiveness of recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are their ability to store information about the task in their parameters , and to store information about the input history in their units . we show experimentally that all common rnn architectures achieve nearly the same per - task and per - unit capacity bounds with careful training , for a variety of tasks and stacking depths . they can store an amount of task information ←
→ segmentation of offline handwritten bengali script ; character segmentation has long been one of the most critical areas of optical character recognition process . through this operation , an image of a sequence of characters , which may be connected in some cases , is decomposed into sub - images of individual alphabetic symbols . in this paper , segmentation of cursive handwritten script of world ' s fourth popular language , bengali , is considered . unlike english script , bengali handwritten characters and its compo ←
→ when is clustering perturbation robust ? ; clustering is a fundamental data mining tool that aims to divide data into groups of similar items . generally , intuition about clustering reflects the ideal case -- exact data sets endowed with flawless dissimilarity between individual instances . in practice however , these cases are in the minority , and clustering applications are typically characterized by noisy data sets with approximate pairwise dissimilarities . as such , the efficacy of clustering methods in pr ←
→ extrapolating expected accuracies for large multi - class problems ; the difficulty of multi - class classification generally increases with the number of classes . using data from a subset of the classes , can we predict how well a classifier will scale with an increased number of classes ? under the assumptions that the classes are sampled identically and independently from a population , and that the classifier is based on independently learned scoring functions , we show that the expected accuracy when the class ←
→ perivascular spaces segmentation in brain mri using optimal 3d filtering ; perivascular spaces ( pvs ) are a recently recognised feature of small vessel disease ( svd ), also indicating neuroinflammation , and are an important part of the brain ' s circulation and glymphatic drainage system . quantitative analysis of pvs on magnetic resonance images ( mri ) is important for understanding their relationship with neurological diseases . in this work , we propose a segmentation technique based on the 3d frangi filtering f ←
→ on randomized distributed coordinate descent with quantized updates ; in this paper , we study the randomized distributed coordinate descent algorithm with quantized updates . in the literature , the iteration complexity of the randomized distributed coordinate descent algorithm has been characterized under the assumption that machines can exchange updates with an infinite precision . we consider a practical scenario in which the messages exchange occurs over channels with finite capacity , and hence the updates ←
→ tractable fully bayesian inference via convex optimization and optimal transport theory ; we consider the problem of transforming samples from one continuous source distribution into samples from another target distribution . we demonstrate with optimal transport theory that when the source distribution can be easily sampled from and the target distribution is log - concave , this can be tractably solved with convex optimization . we show that a special case of this , when the source is the prior and the target ←
→ ocean eddy identification and tracking using neural networks ; global climate change plays an essential role in our daily life and is nowadays one of the most important topics . mesoscale ocean eddies have a significant impact on global warming , since they dominate the ocean dynamics , the energy as well as the mass transports of ocean circulation . in particular , from satellite altimetry we can derive high - resolution , global maps containing ocean signals with dominating coherent eddy structures . the aim of th ←
→ improved techniques for weakly - supervised object localization ; we propose an improved technique for weakly - supervised object localization . conventional methods have a limitation that they focus only on most discriminative parts of the target objects . the recent study addressed this issue and resolved this limitation by augmenting the training data for less discriminative parts . to this end , we employ an effective data augmentation for improving the accuracy of the object localization . in addition , we intro ←
→ cohesion and coalition formation in the european parliament : roll - call votes and twitter activities ; we study the cohesion within and the coalitions between political groups in the eighth european parliament ( 2014 -- 2019 ) by analyzing two entirely different aspects of the behavior of the members of the european parliament ( meps ) in the policy - making processes . on one hand , we analyze their co - voting patterns and , on the other , their retweeting behavior . we make use of two diverse datasets in the analysis .←
→ non - linear causal inference using gaussianity measures ; we provide theoretical and empirical evidence for a type of asymmetry between causes and effects that is present when these are related via linear models contaminated with additive non - gaussian noise . assuming that the causes and the effects have the same distribution , we show that the distribution of the residuals of a linear fit in the anti - causal direction is closer to a gaussian than the distribution of the residuals in the causal direction . this ←
→ wider and deeper , cheaper and faster : tensorized lstms for sequence learning ; long short - term memory ( lstm ) is a popular approach to boosting the ability of recurrent neural networks to store longer term temporal information . the capacity of an lstm network can be increased by widening and adding layers . however , usually the former introduces additional parameters , while the latter increases the runtime . as an alternative we propose the tensorized lstm in which the hidden states are represented by tensor ←
→ layer normalization ; training state - of - the - art , deep neural networks is computationally expensive . one way to reduce the training time is to normalize the activities of the neurons . a recently introduced technique called batch normalization uses the distribution of the summed input to a neuron over a mini - batch of training cases to compute a mean and variance which are then used to normalize the summed input to that neuron on each training case . this significantly reduces the training time in feed - forward ←
→ fast multi - instance multi - label learning ; in many real - world tasks , particularly those involving data objects with complicated semantics such as images and texts , one object can be represented by multiple instances and simultaneously be associated with multiple labels . such tasks can be formulated as multi - instance multi - label learning ( miml ) problems , and have been extensively studied during the past few years . existing miml approaches have been found useful in many applications ; however , most of them can ←
→ variational iteration method for image restoration ; the famous perona - malik ( p - m ) equation which was at first introduced for image restoration has been solved via various numerical methods . in this paper we will solve it for the first time via applying a new numerical method called the variational iteration method ( vim ) and the correspondent approximated solutions will be obtained for the p - m equation with regards to relevant error analysis . through implementation of our algorithm we will access some effec ←
→ android malware detection using parallel machine learning classifiers ; mobile malware has continued to grow at an alarming rate despite on - going efforts towards mitigating the problem . this has been particularly noticeable on android due to its being an open platform that has subsequently overtaken other platforms in the share of the mobile smart devices market . hence , incentivizing a new wave of emerging android malware sophisticated enough to evade most common detection methods . this paper proposes and i ←
→ interaction information for causal inference : the case of directed triangle ; interaction information is one of the multivariate generalizations of mutual information , which expresses the amount information shared among a set of variables , beyond the information , which is shared in any proper subset of those variables . unlike ( conditional ) mutual information , which is always non - negative , interaction information can be negative . we utilize this property to find the direction of causal influences among var ←
→ content - based image retrieval based on late fusion of binary and local descriptors ; one of the challenges in content - based image retrieval ( cbir ) is to reduce the semantic gaps between low - level features and high - level semantic concepts . in cbir , the images are represented in the feature space and the performance of cbir depends on the type of selected feature representation . late fusion also known as visual words integration is applied to enhance the performance of image retrieval . the recent advances i ←
→ volumetric and multi - view cnns for object classification on 3d data ; 3d shape models are becoming widely available and easier to capture , making available 3d information crucial for progress in object classification . current state - of - the - art methods rely on cnns to address this problem . recently , we witness two types of cnns being developed : cnns based upon volumetric representations versus cnns based upon multi - view representations . empirical results from these two types of cnns exhibit a large gap , indic ←
→ dependent types for pragmatics ; this paper proposes the use of dependent types for pragmatic phenomena such as pronoun binding and presupposition resolution as a type - theoretic alternative to formalisms such as discourse representation theory and dynamic semantics .←
→ stochastic single flux quantum neuromorphic computing using magnetically tunable josephson junctions ; single flux quantum ( sfq ) circuits form a natural neuromorphic technology with sfq pulses and superconducting transmission lines simulating action potentials and axons , respectively . here we present a new component , magnetic josephson junctions , that have a tunablility and re - configurability that was lacking from previous sfq neuromorphic circuits . the nanoscale magnetic structure acts as a tunable synap ←
→ bayesopt : a library for bayesian optimization with robotics applications ; the purpose of this paper is twofold . on one side , we present a general framework for bayesian optimization and we compare it with some related fields in active learning and bayesian numerical analysis . on the other hand , bayesian optimization and related problems ( bandits , sequential experimental design ) are highly dependent on the surrogate model that is selected . however , there is no clear standard in the literature . thus , we pres ←
→ deep convolutional decision jungle for image classification ; we propose a novel method called deep convolutional decision jungle ( cdj ) and its learning algorithm for image classification . the cdj maintains the structure of standard convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), i . e . multiple layers of multiple response maps fully connected . each response map - or node - in both the convolutional and fully - connected layers selectively respond to class labels s . t . each data sample travels via a specific soft route of tho ←
→ sparse auto - regressive : robust estimation of ar parameters ; in this paper i present a new approach for regression of time series using their own samples . this is a celebrated problem known as auto - regression . dealing with outlier or missed samples in a time series makes the problem of estimation difficult , so it should be robust against them . moreover for coding purposes i will show that it is desired the residual of auto - regression be sparse . to these aims , i first assume a multivariate gaussian prior on ←
→ cost - sensitive classification : empirical evaluation of a hybrid genetic decision tree induction algorithm ; this paper introduces icet , a new algorithm for cost - sensitive classification . icet uses a genetic algorithm to evolve a population of biases for a decision tree induction algorithm . the fitness function of the genetic algorithm is the average cost of classification when using the decision tree , including both the costs of tests ( features , measurements ) and the costs of classification errors . icet i ←
→ passive and driven trends in the evolution of complexity ; the nature and source of evolutionary trends in complexity is difficult to assess from the fossil record , and the driven vs . passive nature of such trends has been debated for decades . there are also questions about how effectively artificial life software can evolve increasing levels of complexity . we extend our previous work demonstrating an evolutionary increase in an information theoretic measure of neural complexity in an artificial life system ←
→ person re - identification via recurrent feature aggregation ; we address the person re - identification problem by effectively exploiting a globally discriminative feature representation from a sequence of tracked human regions / patches . this is in contrast to previous person re - id works , which rely on either single frame based person to person patch matching , or graph based sequence to sequence matching . we show that a progressive / sequential fusion framework based on long short term memory ( lstm ) network aggre ←
→ biologically inspired design framework for robot in dynamic environments using framsticks ; robot design complexity is increasing day by day especially in automated industries . in this paper we propose biologically inspired design framework for robots in dynamic world on the basis of co - evolution , virtual ecology , life time learning which are derived from biological creatures . we have created a virtual khepera robot in framsticks and tested its operational credibility in terms hardware and software compon ←
→ probability bracket notation , multivariable systems and static bayesian networks ; probability bracket notation ( pbn ) is applied to systems of multiple random variables for preliminary study of static bayesian networks ( bn ) and probabilistic graphic models ( pgm ). the famous student bn example is explored to show the local independences and reasoning power of a bn . software package elvira is used to graphically display the student bn . our investigation shows that pbn provides a consistent and convenient al ←
→ logic programming for describing and solving planning problems ; a logic programming paradigm which expresses solutions to problems as stable models has recently been promoted as a declarative approach to solving various combinatorial and search problems , including planning problems . in this paradigm , all program rules are considered as constraints and solutions are stable models of the rule set . this is a rather radical departure from the standard paradigm of logic programming . in this paper we revisit abd ←
→ making sensitivity analysis computationally efficient ; to investigate the robustness of the output probabilities of a bayesian network , a sensitivity analysis can be performed . a one - way sensitivity analysis establishes , for each of the probability parameters of a network , a function expressing a posterior marginal probability of interest in terms of the parameter . current methods for computing the coefficients in such a function rely on a large number of network evaluations . in this paper , we present a me ←
→ automatic fingerprint recognition using minutiae matching technique for the large fingerprint database ; extracting minutiae from fingerprint images is one of the most important steps in automatic fingerprint identification system . because minutiae matching are certainly the most well - known and widely used method for fingerprint matching , minutiae are local discontinuities in the fingerprint pattern . in this paper a fingerprint matching algorithm is proposed using some specific feature of the minutiae poi ←
→ smoothed low rank and sparse matrix recovery by iteratively reweighted least squares minimization ; this work presents a general framework for solving the low rank and / or sparse matrix minimization problems , which may involve multiple non - smooth terms . the iteratively reweighted least squares ( irls ) method is a fast solver , which smooths the objective function and minimizes it by alternately updating the variables and their weights . however , the traditional irls can only solve a sparse only or low rank on ←
→ permutational rademacher complexity : a new complexity measure for transductive learning ; transductive learning considers situations when a learner observes $ m $ labelled training points and $ u $ unlabelled test points with the final goal of giving correct answers for the test points . this paper introduces a new complexity measure for transductive learning called permutational rademacher complexity ( prc ) and studies its properties . a novel symmetrization inequality is proved , which shows that prc provides a ←
→ generalisation and sharing in triplet convnets for sketch based visual search ; we propose and evaluate several triplet cnn architectures for measuring the similarity between sketches and photographs , within the context of the sketch based image retrieval ( sbir ) task . in contrast to recent fine - grained sbir work , we study the ability of our networks to generalise across diverse object categories from limited training data , and explore in detail strategies for weight sharing , pre - processing , data augmentat ←
→ variational depth from focus reconstruction ; this paper deals with the problem of reconstructing a depth map from a sequence of differently focused images , also known as depth from focus or shape from focus . we propose to state the depth from focus problem as a variational problem including a smooth but nonconvex data fidelity term , and a convex nonsmooth regularization , which makes the method robust to noise and leads to more realistic depth maps . additionally , we propose to solve the nonconvex minimizati ←
→ measuring asymmetric opinions on online social interrelationship with language and network features ; instead of studying the properties of social relationship from an objective view , in this paper , we focus on individuals ' subjective and asymmetric opinions on their interrelationships . inspired by the theories from sociolinguistics , we investigate two individuals ' opinions on their interrelationship with their interactive language features . eliminating the difference of personal language style , we clarif ←
→ an implementation of intrusion detection system using genetic algorithm ; nowadays it is very important to maintain a high level security to ensure safe and trusted communication of information between various organizations . but secured data communication over internet and any other network is always under threat of intrusions and misuses . so intrusion detection systems have become a needful component in terms of computer and network security . there are various approaches being utilized in intrusion detecti ←
→ attention - based information fusion using multi - encoder - decoder recurrent neural networks ; with the rising number of interconnected devices and sensors , modeling distributed sensor networks is of increasing interest . recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) are considered particularly well suited for modeling sensory and streaming data . when predicting future behavior , incorporating information from neighboring sensor stations is often beneficial . we propose a new rnn based architecture for context specific inform ←
→ a downsampled variant of imagenet as an alternative to the cifar datasets ; the original imagenet dataset is a popular large - scale benchmark for training deep neural networks . since the cost of performing experiments ( e . g , algorithm design , architecture search , and hyperparameter tuning ) on the original dataset might be prohibitive , we propose to consider a downsampled version of imagenet . in contrast to the cifar datasets and earlier downsampled versions of imagenet , our proposed imagenet32 $\ times $ 32 ( an ←
→ zero - shot transfer learning for event extraction ; most previous event extraction studies have relied heavily on features derived from annotated event mentions , thus cannot be applied to new event types without annotation effort . in this work , we take a fresh look at event extraction and model it as a grounding problem . we design a transferable neural architecture , mapping event mentions and types jointly into a shared semantic space using structural and compositional neural networks , where the type of each ←
→ a public image database for benchmark of plant seedling classification algorithms ; a database of images of approximately 960 unique plants belonging to 12 species at several growth stages is made publicly available . it comprises annotated rgb images with a physical resolution of roughly 10 pixels per mm . to standardise the evaluation of classification results obtained with the database , a benchmark based on $ f_ { 1 }$ scores is proposed . the dataset is available at https :// vision . eng . au . dk / plant - seedlings - d ←
→ efficient inference in markov control problems ; markov control algorithms that perform smooth , non - greedy updates of the policy have been shown to be very general and versatile , with policy gradient and expectation maximisation algorithms being particularly popular . for these algorithms , marginal inference of the reward weighted trajectory distribution is required to perform policy updates . we discuss a new exact inference algorithm for these marginals in the finite horizon case that is more efficient than ←
→ a robust framework for classifying evolving document streams in an expert - machine - crowd setting ; an emerging challenge in the online classification of social media data streams is to keep the categories used for classification up - to - date . in this paper , we propose an innovative framework based on an expert - machine - crowd ( emc ) triad to help categorize items by continuously identifying novel concepts in heterogeneous data streams often riddled with outliers . we unify constrained clustering and outlier dete ←
→ agent - based model for the origins of scaling in human language ; background / introduction : the zipf ' s law establishes that if the words of a ( large ) text are ordered by decreasing frequency , the frequency versus the rank decreases as a power law with exponent close to - 1 . previous work has stressed that this pattern arises from a conflict of interests of the participants of communication : speakers and hearers . methods : the challenge here is to define a computational language game on a population of agents , p ←
→ fourier - bessel rotational invariant eigenimages ; we present an efficient and accurate algorithm for principal component analysis ( pca ) of a large set of two dimensional images , and , for each image , the set of its uniform rotations in the plane and its reflection . the algorithm starts by expanding each image , originally given on a cartesian grid , in the fourier - bessel basis for the disk . because the images are bandlimited in the fourier domain , we use a sampling criterion to truncate the fourier - bessel expa ←
→ an empirical evaluation of deep learning on highway driving ; numerous groups have applied a variety of deep learning techniques to computer vision problems in highway perception scenarios . in this paper , we presented a number of empirical evaluations of recent deep learning advances . computer vision , combined with deep learning , has the potential to bring about a relatively inexpensive , robust solution to autonomous driving . to prepare deep learning for industry uptake and practical applications , neural ne ←
→ 3d convolutional encoder - decoder network for low - dose ct via transfer learning from a 2d trained network ; low - dose computed tomography ( ct ) has attracted a major attention in the medical imaging field , since ct - associated x - ray radiation carries health risks for patients . the reduction of ct radiation dose , however , compromises the signal - to - noise ratio , and may compromise the image quality and the diagnostic performance . recently , deep - learning - based algorithms have achieved promising results in low - dos ←
→ situational awareness by risk - conscious skills ; hierarchical reinforcement learning has been previously shown to speed up the convergence rate of rl planning algorithms as well as mitigate feature - based model misspecification ( mankowitz et . al . 2016a , b , bacon 2015 ). to do so , it utilizes hierarchical abstractions , also known as skills -- a type of temporally extended action ( sutton et . al . 1999 ) to plan at a higher level , abstracting away from the lower - level details . we incorporate risk sensitivity , also ←
→ regressing robust and discriminative 3d morphable models with a very deep neural network ; the 3d shapes of faces are well known to be discriminative . yet despite this , they are rarely used for face recognition and always under controlled viewing conditions . we claim that this is a symptom of a serious but often overlooked problem with existing methods for single view 3d face reconstruction : when applied " in the wild ", their 3d estimates are either unstable and change for different photos of the same subj ←
→ a method for comparing hedge funds ; the paper presents new machine learning methods : signal composition , which classifies time - series regardless of length , type , and quantity ; and self - labeling , a supervised - learning enhancement . the paper describes further the implementation of the methods on a financial search engine system to identify behavioral similarities among time - series representing monthly returns of 11 , 312 hedge funds operated during approximately one decade ( 2000 - 2010 ). the presented approach ←
→ tell and predict : kernel classifier prediction for unseen visual classes from unstructured text descriptions ; in this paper we propose a framework for predicting kernelized classifiers in the visual domain for categories with no training images where the knowledge comes from textual description about these categories . through our optimization framework , the proposed approach is capable of embedding the class - level knowledge from the text domain as kernel classifiers in the visual domain . we also proposed ←
→ enabling sparse winograd convolution by native pruning ; sparse methods and the use of winograd convolutions are two orthogonal approaches , each of which significantly accelerates convolution computations in modern cnns . sparse winograd merges these two and thus has the potential to offer a combined performance benefit . nevertheless , training convolution layers so that the resulting winograd kernels are sparse has not hitherto been very successful . by introducing a winograd layer in place of a standard conv ←
→ rank pooling for action recognition ; we propose a function - based temporal pooling method that captures the latent structure of the video sequence data - e . g . how frame - level features evolve over time in a video . we show how the parameters of a function that has been fit to the video data can serve as a robust new video representation . as a specific example , we learn a pooling function via ranking machines . by learning to rank the frame - level features of a video in chronological order , we obtain a new repre ←
→ non - convex optimization for machine learning ; a vast majority of machine learning algorithms train their models and perform inference by solving optimization problems . in order to capture the learning and prediction problems accurately , structural constraints such as sparsity or low rank are frequently imposed or else the objective itself is designed to be a non - convex function . this is especially true of algorithms that operate in high - dimensional spaces or that train non - linear models such as tensor mode ←
→ efficient large - scale approximate nearest neighbor search on the gpu ; we present a new approach for efficient approximate nearest neighbor ( ann ) search in high dimensional spaces , extending the idea of product quantization . we propose a two - level product and vector quantization tree that reduces the number of vector comparisons required during tree traversal . our approach also includes a novel highly parallelizable re - ranking method for candidate vectors by efficiently reusing already computed intermediate ←
→ multi - residual networks : improving the speed and accuracy of residual networks ; in this article , we take one step toward understanding the learning behavior of deep residual networks , and supporting the observation that deep residual networks behave like ensembles . we propose a new convolutional neural network architecture which builds upon the success of residual networks by explicitly exploiting the interpretation of very deep networks as an ensemble . the proposed multi - residual network increases the n ←
→ bw - eye ophthalmologic decision support system based on clinical workflow and data mining techniques - image registration algorithm ; blueworks - medical expert diagnosis is developing an application , bweye , to be used as an ophthalmology consultation decision support system . the implementation of this application involves several different tasks and one of them is the implementation of an ophthalmology images registration algorithm . the work reported in this document is related with the implementation of ←
→ parsing natural language sentences by semi - supervised methods ; we present our work on semi - supervised parsing of natural language sentences , focusing on multi - source crosslingual transfer of delexicalized dependency parsers . we first evaluate the influence of treebank annotation styles on parsing performance , focusing on adposition attachment style . then , we present klcpos3 , an empirical language similarity measure , designed and tuned for source parser weighting in multi - source delexicalized parser transfe ←
→ learning robust options ; robust reinforcement learning aims to produce policies that have strong guarantees even in the face of environments / transition models whose parameters have strong uncertainty . existing work uses value - based methods and the usual primitive action setting . in this paper , we propose robust methods for learning temporally abstract actions , in the framework of options . we present a robust options policy iteration ( ropi ) algorithm with convergence guarantees , which learns options that ar ←
→ unbounded bayesian optimization via regularization ; bayesian optimization has recently emerged as a popular and efficient tool for global optimization and hyperparameter tuning . currently , the established bayesian optimization practice requires a user - defined bounding box which is assumed to contain the optimizer . however , when little is known about the probed objective function , it can be difficult to prescribe such bounds . in this work we modify the standard bayesian optimization framework in a principle ←
→ to learn or not to learn features for deformable registration ? ; feature - based registration has been popular with a variety of features ranging from voxel intensity to self - similarity context ( ssc ). in this paper , we examine the question on how features learnt using various deep learning ( dl ) frameworks can be used for deformable registration and whether this feature learning is necessary or not . we investigate the use of features learned by different dl methods in the current state - of - the - art discrete regi ←
→ why so ? or why no ? functional causality for explaining query answers ; in this paper , we propose causality as a unified framework to explain query answers and non - answers , thus generalizing and extending several previously proposed approaches of provenance and missing query result explanations . we develop our framework starting from the well - studied definition of actual causes by halpern and pearl . after identifying some undesirable characteristics of the original definition , we propose functional causes ←
→ assessment , criticism and improvement of imprecise subjective probabilities for a medical expert system ; three paediatric cardiologists assessed nearly 1000 imprecise subjective conditional probabilities for a simple belief network representing congenital heart disease , and the quality of the assessments has been measured using prospective data on 200 babies . quality has been assessed by a brier scoring rule , which decomposes into terms measuring lack of discrimination and reliability . the results are di ←
→ learning end - to - end goal - oriented dialog ; traditional dialog systems used in goal - oriented applications require a lot of domain - specific handcrafting , which hinders scaling up to new domains . end - to - end dialog systems , in which all components are trained from the dialogs themselves , escape this limitation . but the encouraging success recently obtained in chit - chat dialog may not carry over to goal - oriented settings . this paper proposes a testbed to break down the strengths and shortcomings of end - to - end di ←
→ does the geometry of word embeddings help document classification ? a case study on persistent homology based representations ; we investigate the pertinence of methods from algebraic topology for text data analysis . these methods enable the development of mathematically - principled isometric - invariant mappings from a set of vectors to a document embedding , which is stable with respect to the geometry of the document in the selected metric space . in this work , we evaluate the utility of these topology - based ←
→ filtering with state - observation examples via kernel monte carlo filter ; this paper addresses the problem of filtering with a state - space model . standard approaches for filtering assume that a probabilistic model for observations ( i . e . the observation model ) is given explicitly or at least parametrically . we consider a setting where this assumption is not satisfied ; we assume that the knowledge of the observation model is only provided by examples of state - observation pairs . this setting is important and a ←
→ learning document - level semantic properties from free - text annotations ; this paper presents a new method for inferring the semantic properties of documents by leveraging free - text keyphrase annotations . such annotations are becoming increasingly abundant due to the recent dramatic growth in semi - structured , user - generated online content . one especially relevant domain is product reviews , which are often annotated by their authors with pros / cons keyphrases such as a real bargain or good value . these annotat ←
→ a novel learning algorithm for bayesian network and its efficient implementation on gpu ; computational inference of causal relationships underlying complex networks , such as gene - regulatory pathways , is np - complete due to its combinatorial nature when permuting all possible interactions . markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) has been introduced to sample only part of the combinations while still guaranteeing convergence and traversability , which therefore becomes widely used . however , mcmc is not able to perfo ←
→ mint : mutual information based transductive feature selection for genetic trait prediction ; whole genome prediction of complex phenotypic traits using high - density genotyping arrays has attracted a great deal of attention , as it is relevant to the fields of plant and animal breeding and genetic epidemiology . as the number of genotypes is generally much bigger than the number of samples , predictive models suffer from the curse - of - dimensionality . the curse - of - dimensionality problem not only affects the com ←
→ developing corpus - based translation methods between informal and formal mathematics : project description ; the goal of this project is to ( i ) accumulate annotated informal / formal mathematical corpora suitable for training semi - automated translation between informal and formal mathematics by statistical machine - translation methods , ( ii ) to develop such methods oriented at the formalization task , and in particular ( iii ) to combine such methods with learning - assisted automated reasoning that will serve as a ←
→ performance analysis of aim - k - means & k - means in quality cluster generation ; among all the partition based clustering algorithms k - means is the most popular and well known method . it generally shows impressive results even in considerably large data sets . the computational complexity of k - means does not suffer from the size of the data set . the main disadvantage faced in performing this clustering is that the selection of initial means . if the user does not have adequate knowledge about the data set , it ←
→ fisher kernel for deep neural activations ; compared to image representation based on low - level local descriptors , deep neural activations of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are richer in mid - level representation , but poorer in geometric invariance properties . in this paper , we present a straightforward framework for better image representation by combining the two approaches . to take advantages of both representations , we propose an efficient method to extract a fair amount of multi - scale dense local ←
→ generalized tree - based wavelet transform ; in this paper we propose a new wavelet transform applicable to functions defined on graphs , high dimensional data and networks . the proposed method generalizes the haar - like transform proposed in [ 1 ], and it is defined via a hierarchical tree , which is assumed to capture the geometry and structure of the input data . it is applied to the data using a modified version of the common one - dimensional ( 1d ) wavelet filtering and decimation scheme , which can employ differe ←
→ long - term neuronal behavior caused by two synaptic modification mechanisms ; we report the first results of simulating the coupling of neuronal , astrocyte , and cerebrovascular activity . it is suggested that the dynamics of the system is different from systems that only include neurons . in the neuron - vascular coupling , distribution of synapse strengths affects neuronal behavior and thus balance of the blood flow ; oscillations are induced in the neuron - to - astrocyte coupling .←
→ evaluation of e - learners behaviour using different fuzzy clustering models : a comparative study ; this paper introduces an evaluation methodologies for the e - learners ' behaviour that will be a feedback to the decision makers in e - learning system . learner ' s profile plays a crucial role in the evaluation process to improve the e - learning process performance . the work focuses on the clustering of the e - learners based on their behaviour into specific categories that represent the learner ' s profiles . the learn ←
→ predictive entropy search for multi - objective bayesian optimization ; we present pesmo , a bayesian method for identifying the pareto set of multi - objective optimization problems , when the functions are expensive to evaluate . the central idea of pesmo is to choose evaluation points so as to maximally reduce the entropy of the posterior distribution over the pareto set . critically , the pesmo multi - objective acquisition function can be decomposed as a sum of objective - specific acquisition functions , which enab ←
→ fusing hierarchical convolutional features for human body segmentation and clothing fashion classification ; the clothing fashion reflects the common aesthetics that people share with each other in dressing . to recognize the fashion time of a clothing is meaningful for both an individual and the industry . in this paper , under the assumption that the clothing fashion changes year by year , the fashion - time recognition problem is mapped into a clothing - fashion classification problem . specifically , a novel de ←
→ lexical representation explains cortical entrainment during speech comprehension ; results from a recent neuroimaging study on spoken sentence comprehension have been interpreted as evidence for cortical entrainment to hierarchical syntactic structure . we present a simple computational model that predicts the power spectra from this study , even though the model ' s linguistic knowledge is restricted to the lexical level , and word - level representations are not combined into higher - level units ( phrases or sen ←
→ mindx : denoising mixed impulse poisson - gaussian noise using proximal algorithms ; we present a novel algorithm for blind denoising of images corrupted by mixed impulse , poisson , and gaussian noises . the algorithm starts by applying the anscombe variance - stabilizing transformation to convert the poisson into white gaussian noise . then it applies a combinatorial optimization technique to denoise the mixed impulse gaussian noise using proximal algorithms . the result is then processed by the inverse anscombe ←
→ non - isometric curve to surface matching with incomplete data for functional calibration ; calibration refers to the process of adjusting features of a computational model that are not observed in the physical process so that the model matches the real process . we propose a framework for calibration when the unobserved features , i . e . calibration parameters , do not assume a single value , but are functionally dependent on other inputs . we demonstrate that this problem is curve to surface matching where the m ←
→ two results for proiritized logic programming ; prioritized default reasoning has illustrated its rich expressiveness and flexibility in knowledge representation and reasoning . however , many important aspects of prioritized default reasoning have yet to be thoroughly explored . in this paper , we investigate two properties of prioritized logic programs in the context of answer set semantics . specifically , we reveal a close relationship between mutual defeasibility and uniqueness of the answer set for a priori ←
→ human trajectory prediction using spatially aware deep attention models ; trajectory prediction of dynamic objects is a widely studied topic in the field of artificial intelligence . thanks to a large number of applications like predicting abnormal events , navigation system for the blind , etc . there have been many approaches to attempt learning patterns of motion directly from data using a wide variety of techniques ranging from hand - crafted features to sophisticated deep learning models for unsupervised fea ←
→ ucb algorithm for exponential distributions ; we introduce in this paper a new algorithm for multi - armed bandit ( mab ) problems . a machine learning paradigm popular within cognitive network related topics ( e . g ., spectrum sensing and allocation ). we focus on the case where the rewards are exponentially distributed , which is common when dealing with rayleigh fading channels . this strategy , named multiplicative upper confidence bound ( mucb ), associates a utility index to every available arm , and then selects th ←
→ robust text detection in natural scene images ; text detection in natural scene images is an important prerequisite for many content - based image analysis tasks . in this paper , we propose an accurate and robust method for detecting texts in natural scene images . a fast and effective pruning algorithm is designed to extract maximally stable extremal regions ( msers ) as character candidates using the strategy of minimizing regularized variations . character candidates are grouped into text candidates by the ingl ←
→ simultaneous feature aggregating and hashing for large - scale image search ; in most state - of - the - art hashing - based visual search systems , local image descriptors of an image are first aggregated as a single feature vector . this feature vector is then subjected to a hashing function that produces a binary hash code . in previous work , the aggregating and the hashing processes are designed independently . in this paper , we propose a novel framework where feature aggregating and hashing are designed simultaneo ←
→ data innovation for international development : an overview of natural language processing for qualitative data analysis ; availability , collection and access to quantitative data , as well as its limitations , often make qualitative data the resource upon which development programs heavily rely . both traditional interview data and social media analysis can provide rich contextual information and are essential for research , appraisal , monitoring and evaluation . these data may be difficult to process and anal ←
→ acoustic data - driven lexicon learning based on a greedy pronunciation selection framework ; speech recognition systems for irregularly - spelled languages like english normally require hand - written pronunciations . in this paper , we describe a system for automatically obtaining pronunciations of words for which pronunciations are not available , but for which transcribed data exists . our method integrates information from the letter sequence and from the acoustic evidence . the novel aspect of the problem that ←
→ range loss for deep face recognition with long - tail ; convolutional neural networks have achieved great improvement on face recognition in recent years because of its extraordinary ability in learning discriminative features of people with different identities . to train such a well - designed deep network , tremendous amounts of data is indispensable . long tail distribution specifically refers to the fact that a small number of generic entities appear frequently while other objects far less existing . consideri ←
→ learning to act properly : predicting and explaining affordances from images ; we address the problem of affordance reasoning in diverse scenes that appear in the real world . affordances relate the agent ' s actions to their effects when taken on the surrounding objects . in our work , we take the egocentric view of the scene , and aim to reason about action - object affordances that respect both the physical world as well as the social norms imposed by the society . we also aim to teach artificial agents why some ←
→ compressive imaging and characterization of sparse light deflection maps ; light rays incident on a transparent object of uniform refractive index undergo deflections , which uniquely characterize the surface geometry of the object . associated with each point on the surface is a deflection map ( or spectrum ) which describes the pattern of deflections in various directions . this article presents a novel method to efficiently acquire and reconstruct sparse deflection spectra induced by smooth object surfaces . t ←
→ sports highlights generation based on acoustic events detection : a rugby case study ; we approach the challenging problem of generating highlights from sports broadcasts utilizing audio information only . a language - independent , multi - stage classification approach is employed for detection of key acoustic events which then act as a platform for summarization of highlight scenes . objective results and human experience indicate that our system is highly efficient .←
→ latent dirichlet allocation based organisation of broadcast media archives for deep neural network adaptation ; this paper presents a new method for the discovery of latent domains in diverse speech data , for the use of adaptation of deep neural networks ( dnns ) for automatic speech recognition . our work focuses on transcription of multi - genre broadcast media , which is often only categorised broadly in terms of high level genres such as sports , news , documentary , etc . however , in terms of acoustic modellin ←
→ classification and clustering for samples of event time data using non - homogeneous poisson process models ; data of the form of event times arise in various applications . a simple model for such data is a non - homogeneous poisson process ( nhpp ) which is specified by a rate function that depends on time . we consider the problem of having access to multiple independent samples of event time data , observed on a common interval , from which we wish to classify or cluster the samples according to their rate func ←
→ machine learning in appearance - based robot self - localization ; an appearance - based robot self - localization problem is considered in the machine learning framework . the appearance space is composed of all possible images , which can be captured by a robot ' s visual system under all robot localizations . using recent manifold learning and deep learning techniques , we propose a new geometrically motivated solution based on training data consisting of a finite set of images captured in known locations of the robot ←
→ soft - deep boltzmann machines ; we present a layered boltzmann machine ( bm ) that can better exploit the advantages of a distributed representation . it is widely believed that deep bms ( dbms ) have far greater representational power than its shallow counterpart , restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ). however , this expectation on the supremacy of dbms over rbms has not ever been validated in a theoretical fashion . in this paper , we provide both theoretical and empirical evidences that the representational power ←
→ learned d - amp : principled neural network based compressive image recovery ; compressive image recovery is a challenging problem that requires fast and accurate algorithms . recently , neural networks have been applied to this problem with promising results . by exploiting massively parallel gpu processing architectures and oodles of training data , they can run orders of magnitude faster than existing techniques . however , these methods are largely unprincipled black boxes that are difficult to train and often ←
→ computing strong and weak permissions in defeasible logic ; in this paper we propose an extension of defeasible logic to represent and compute three concepts of defeasible permission . in particular , we discuss different types of explicit permissive norms that work as exceptions to opposite obligations . moreover , we show how strong permissions can be represented both with , and without introducing a new consequence relation for inferring conclusions from explicit permissive norms . finally , we illustrate how a ←
→ do we need higher - order probabilities and , if so , what do they mean ? ; the apparent failure of individual probabilistic expressions to distinguish uncertainty about truths from uncertainty about probabilistic assessments have prompted researchers to seek formalisms where the two types of uncertainties are given notational distinction . this paper demonstrates that the desired distinction is already a built - in feature of classical probabilistic models , thus , specialized notations are unnecessary .←
→ any - space probabilistic inference ; we have recently introduced an any - space algorithm for exact inference in bayesian networks , called recursive conditioning , rc , which allows one to trade space with time at increments of x - bytes , where x is the number of bytes needed to cache a floating point number . in this paper , we present three key extensions of rc . first , we modify the algorithm so it applies to more general factorization of probability distributions , including ( but not limited to ) bayesian network f ←
→ less than a single pass : stochastically controlled stochastic gradient method ; we develop and analyze a procedure for gradient - based optimization that we refer to as stochastically controlled stochastic gradient ( scsg ). as a member of the svrg family of algorithms , scsg makes use of gradient estimates at two scales , with the number of updates at the faster scale being governed by a geometric random variable . unlike most existing algorithms in this family , both the computation cost and the communication c ←
→ prodige : prioritization of disease genes with multitask machine learning from positive and unlabeled examples ; elucidating the genetic basis of human diseases is a central goal of genetics and molecular biology . while traditional linkage analysis and modern high - throughput techniques often provide long lists of tens or hundreds of disease gene candidates , the identification of disease genes among the candidates remains time - consuming and expensive . efficient computational methods are therefore needed to ←
→ automated image segmentation for detecting cell spreading for metastasizing assessments of cancer development ; the automated segmentation of cells in microscopic images is an open research problem that has important implications for studies of the developmental and cancer processes based on in vitro models . in this paper , we present the approach for segmentation of the dic images of cultured cells using g - neighbor smoothing followed by kauwahara filtering and local standard deviation approach for boundar ←
→ end - to - end adversarial learning for generative conversational agents ; this paper presents a new adversarial learning method for generative conversational agents ( gca ) besides a new model of gca . similar to previous works on adversarial learning for dialogue generation , our method assumes the gca as a generator that aims at fooling a discriminator that labels dialogues as human - generated or machine - generated ; however , in our approach , the discriminator performs token - level classification , i . e . it indicates ←
→ a quantum production model ; the production system is a theoretical model of computation relevant to the artificial intelligence field allowing for problem solving procedures such as hierarchical tree search . in this work we explore some of the connections between artificial intelligence and quantum computation by presenting a model for a quantum production system . our approach focuses on initially developing a model for a reversible production system which is a simple mapping of bennett ' s reversible turing ←
→ hybrid dialog state tracker with asr features ; this paper presents a hybrid dialog state tracker enhanced by trainable spoken language understanding ( slu ) for slot - filling dialog systems . our architecture is inspired by previously proposed neural - network - based belief - tracking systems . in addition , we extended some parts of our modular architecture with differentiable rules to allow end - to - end training . we hypothesize that these rules allow our tracker to generalize better than pure machine - learning based s ←
→ on the information theoretic limits of learning ising models ; we provide a general framework for computing lower - bounds on the sample complexity of recovering the underlying graphs of ising models , given i . i . d samples . while there have been recent results for specific graph classes , these involve fairly extensive technical arguments that are specialized to each specific graph class . in contrast , we isolate two key graph - structural ingredients that can then be used to specify sample complexity lower - bounds .←
→ optimal allocation strategies for the dark pool problem ; we study the problem of allocating stocks to dark pools . we propose and analyze an optimal approach for allocations , if continuous - valued allocations are allowed . we also propose a modification for the case when only integer - valued allocations are possible . we extend the previous work on this problem to adversarial scenarios , while also improving on their results in the iid setup . the resulting algorithms are efficient , and perform well in simulation ←
→ verification of markov decision processes with risk - sensitive measures ; we develop a method for computing policies in markov decision processes with risk - sensitive measures subject to temporal logic constraints . specifically , we use a particular risk - sensitive measure from cumulative prospect theory , which has been previously adopted in psychology and economics . the nonlinear transformation of the probabilities and utility functions yields a nonlinear programming problem , which makes computation of optimal ←
→ scene parsing with global context embedding ; we present a scene parsing method that utilizes global context information based on both the parametric and non - parametric models . compared to previous methods that only exploit the local relationship between objects , we train a context network based on scene similarities to generate feature representations for global contexts . in addition , these learned features are utilized to generate global and spatial priors for explicit classes inference . we then design m ←
→ p - hgrms : a parallel hypergraph based root mean square algorithm for image denoising ; this paper presents a parallel salt and pepper ( sp ) noise removal algorithm in a grey level digital image based on the hypergraph based root mean square ( hgrms ) approach . hgrms is generic algorithm for identifying noisy pixels in any digital image using a two level hierarchical serial approach . however , for sp noise removal , we reduce this algorithm to a parallel model by introducing a cardinality matrix and an iteration ←
→ retinal fluid segmentation and detection in optical coherence tomography images using fully convolutional neural network ; as a non - invasive imaging modality , optical coherence tomography ( oct ) can provide micrometer - resolution 3d images of retinal structures . therefore it is commonly used in the diagnosis of retinal diseases associated with edema in and under the retinal layers . in this paper , a new framework is proposed for the task of fluid segmentation and detection in retinal oct images . based on the ←
→ deep learning improves template matching by normalized cross correlation ; template matching by normalized cross correlation ( ncc ) is widely used for finding image correspondences . we improve the robustness of this algorithm by preprocessing images with " siamese " convolutional networks trained to maximize the contrast between ncc values of true and false matches . the improvement is quantified using patches of brain images from serial section electron microscopy . relative to a parameter - tuned bandpass filter ←
→ convolutional channel features ; deep learning methods are powerful tools but often suffer from expensive computation and limited flexibility . an alternative is to combine light - weight models with deep representations . as successful cases exist in several visual problems , a unified framework is absent . in this paper , we revisit two widely used approaches in computer vision , namely filtered channel features and convolutional neural networks ( cnn ), and absorb merits from both by proposing an integrated method ←
→ visual understanding via multi - feature shared learning with global consistency ; image / video data is usually represented with multiple visual features . fusion of multi - source information for establishing the attributes has been widely recognized . multi - feature visual recognition has recently received much attention in multimedia applications . this paper studies visual understanding via a newly proposed l_2 - norm based multi - feature shared learning framework , which can simultaneously learn a global label ma ←
→ low rank variation dictionary and inverse projection group sparse representation model for breast tumor classification ; sparse representation classification achieves good results by addressing recognition problem with sufficient training samples per subject . however , src performs not very well for small sample data . in this paper , an inverse - projection group sparse representation model is presented for breast tumor classification , which is based on constructing low - rank variation dictionary . the proposed ←
→ semi - supervised feature analysis by mining correlations among multiple tasks ; in this paper , we propose a novel semi - supervised feature selection framework by mining correlations among multiple tasks and apply it to different multimedia applications . instead of independently computing the importance of features for each task , our algorithm leverages shared knowledge from multiple related tasks , thus , improving the performance of feature selection . note that we build our algorithm on assumption that diffe ←
→ using a bag of words for automatic medical image annotation with a latent semantic ; we present in this paper a new approach for the automatic annotation of medical images , using the approach of " bag - of - words " to represent the visual content of the medical image combined with text descriptors based approach tf . idf and reduced by latent semantic to extract the co - occurrence between terms and visual terms . a medical report is composed of a text describing a medical image . first , we are interested to index t ←
→ distributed supervised learning using neural networks ; distributed learning is the problem of inferring a function in the case where training data is distributed among multiple geographically separated sources . particularly , the focus is on designing learning strategies with low computational requirements , in which communication is restricted only to neighboring agents , with no reliance on a centralized authority . in this thesis , we analyze multiple distributed protocols for a large number of neural networ ←
→ capturing cfls with tree adjoining grammars ; we define a decidable class of tags that is strongly equivalent to cfgs and is cubic - time parsable . this class serves to lexicalize cfgs in the same manner as the lcfgs of schabes and waters but with considerably less restriction on the form of the grammars . the class provides a normal form for tags that generate local sets in much the same way that regular grammars provide a normal form for cfgs that generate regular sets .←
→ an axiomatic framework for bayesian and belief - function propagation ; in this paper , we describe an abstract framework and axioms under which exact local computation of marginals is possible . the primitive objects of the framework are variables and valuations . the primitive operators of the framework are combination and marginalization . these operate on valuations . we state three axioms for these operators and we derive the possibility of local computation from the axioms . next , we describe a propagation sc ←
→ category - specific object reconstruction from a single image ; object reconstruction from a single image -- in the wild -- is a problem where we can make progress and get meaningful results today . this is the main message of this paper , which introduces an automated pipeline with pixels as inputs and 3d surfaces of various rigid categories as outputs in images of realistic scenes . at the core of our approach are deformable 3d models that can be learned from 2d annotations available in existing object detecti ←
→ view - invariant template matching using homography constraints ; change in viewpoint is one of the major factors for variation in object appearance across different images . thus , view - invariant object recognition is a challenging and important image understanding task . in this paper , we propose a method that can match objects in images taken under different viewpoints . unlike most methods in the literature , no restriction on camera orientations or internal camera parameters are imposed and no prior knowledge ←
→ solving highly constrained search problems with quantum computers ; a previously developed quantum search algorithm for solving 1 - sat problems in a single step is generalized to apply to a range of highly constrained k - sat problems . we identify a bound on the number of clauses in satisfiability problems for which the generalized algorithm can find a solution in a constant number of steps as the number of variables increases . this performance contrasts with the linear growth in the number of steps required b ←
→ discovering bayesian market views for intelligent asset allocation ; along with the advance of opinion mining techniques , public mood has been found to be a key element for stock market prediction . however , in what manner the market participants are affected by public mood has been rarely discussed . as a result , there has been little progress in leveraging public mood for the asset allocation problem , as the application is preferred in a trusted and interpretable way . in order to address the issue of incorp ←
→ automated algorithm selection on continuous black - box problems by combining exploratory landscape analysis and machine learning ; in this paper , we build upon previous work on designing informative and efficient exploratory landscape analysis features for characterizing problems ' landscapes and show their effectiveness in automatically constructing algorithm selection models in continuous black - box optimization problems . focussing on algorithm performance results of the coco platform of several years , we ←
→ supervision via competition : robot adversaries for learning tasks ; there has been a recent paradigm shift in robotics to data - driven learning for planning and control . due to large number of experiences required for training , most of these approaches use a self - supervised paradigm : using sensors to measure success / failure . however , in most cases , these sensors provide weak supervision at best . in this work , we propose an adversarial learning framework that pits an adversary against the robot learning the t ←
→ automatic recognition of mammal genera on camera - trap images using multi - layer robust principal component analysis and mixture neural networks ; the segmentation and classification of animals from camera - trap images is due to the conditions under which the images are taken , a difficult task . this work presents a method for classifying and segmenting mammal genera from camera - trap images . our method uses multi - layer robust principal component analysis ( rpca ) for segmenting , convolutional neural networks ( c ←
→ avaliação do método dialético na quantização de imagens multiespectrais ; the unsupervised classification has a very important role in the analysis of multispectral images , given its ability to assist the extraction of a priori knowledge of images . algorithms like k - means and fuzzy c - means has long been used in this task . computational intelligence has proven to be an important field to assist in building classifiers optimized according to the quality of the grouping of classes and the evaluation of the q ←
→ rationale - augmented convolutional neural networks for text classification ; we present a new convolutional neural network ( cnn ) model for text classification that jointly exploits labels on documents and their component sentences . specifically , we consider scenarios in which annotators explicitly mark sentences ( or snippets ) that support their overall document categorization , i . e ., they provide rationales . our model exploits such supervision via a hierarchical approach in which each document is represente ←
→ regret minimization for partially observable deep reinforcement learning ; deep reinforcement learning algorithms that estimate state and state - action value functions have been shown to be effective in a variety of challenging domains , including learning control strategies from raw image pixels . however , algorithms that estimate state and state - action value functions typically assume a fully observed state and must compensate for partial or non - markovian observations by using finite - length frame - history obs ←
→ a batching and scheduling optimisation for a cutting work - center : acta - mobilier case study ; the purpose of this study is to investigate an approach to group lots in batches and to schedule these batches on acta - mobilier cutting work - center while taking into account numerous constraints and objectives . the specific batching method was proposed to handle the acta - mobilier problem and a mathematical formalisation and genetic algorithm were proposed to deal with the scheduling problem . the proposed algorithm ←
→ reinforcement learning under model mismatch ; we study reinforcement learning under model misspecification , where we do not have access to the true environment but only to a reasonably close approximation to it . we address this problem by extending the framework of robust mdps to the model - free reinforcement learning setting , where we do not have access to the model parameters , but can only sample states from it . we define robust versions of q - learning , sarsa , and td - learning and prove convergence to an app ←
→ what causes a system to satisfy a specification ? ; even when a system is proven to be correct with respect to a specification , there is still a question of how complete the specification is , and whether it really covers all the behaviors of the system . coverage metrics attempt to check which parts of a system are actually relevant for the verification process to succeed . recent work on coverage in model checking suggests several coverage metrics and algorithms for finding parts of the system that are not co ←
→ representing data by a mixture of activated simplices ; we present a new model which represents data as a mixture of simplices . simplices are geometric structures that generalize triangles . we give a simple geometric understanding that allows us to learn a simplicial structure efficiently . our method requires that the data are unit normalized ( and thus lie on the unit sphere ). we show that under this restriction , building a model with simplices amounts to constructing a convex hull inside the sphere whose b ←
→ learning computationally efficient dictionaries and their implementation as fast transforms ; dictionary learning is a branch of signal processing and machine learning that aims at finding a frame ( called dictionary ) in which some training data admits a sparse representation . the sparser the representation , the better the dictionary . the resulting dictionary is in general a dense matrix , and its manipulation can be computationally costly both at the learning stage and later in the usage of this dictionary ←
→ on robustness of kernel clustering ; clustering is one of the most important unsupervised problems in machine learning and statistics . among many existing algorithms , kernel k - means has drawn much research attention due to its ability to find non - linear cluster boundaries and its inherent simplicity . there are two main approaches for kernel k - means : svd of the kernel matrix and convex relaxations . despite the attention kernel clustering has received both from theoretical and applied quarters , not much is kn ←
→ quick hypervolume ; we present a new algorithm to calculate exact hypervolumes . given a set of $ d $- dimensional points , it computes the hypervolume of the dominated space . determining this value is an important subroutine of multiobjective evolutionary algorithms ( moeas ). we analyze the " quick hypervolume " ( qhv ) algorithm theoretically and experimentally . the theoretical results are a significant contribution to the current state of the art . moreover the experimental performance is also very competitive , com ←
→ the unconstrained ear recognition challenge ; in this paper we present the results of the unconstrained ear recognition challenge ( uerc ), a group benchmarking effort centered around the problem of person recognition from ear images captured in uncontrolled conditions . the goal of the challenge was to assess the performance of existing ear recognition techniques on a challenging large - scale dataset and identify open problems that need to be addressed in the future . five groups from three continents participa ←
→ spectrum sensing for cognitive radio using kernel - based learning ; kernel method is a very powerful tool in machine learning . the trick of kernel has been effectively and extensively applied in many areas of machine learning , such as support vector machine ( svm ) and kernel principal component analysis ( kernel pca ). kernel trick is to define a kernel function which relies on the inner - product of data in the feature space without knowing these feature space data . in this paper , the kernel trick will be employ ←
→ combining search with structured data to create a more engaging user experience in open domain dialogue ; the greatest challenges in building sophisticated open - domain conversational agents arise directly from the potential for ongoing mixed - initiative multi - turn dialogues , which do not follow a particular plan or pursue a particular fixed information need . in order to make coherent conversational contributions in this context , a conversational agent must be able to track the types and attributes of the e ←
→ optimal rates for first - order stochastic convex optimization under tsybakov noise condition ; we focus on the problem of minimizing a convex function $ f $ over a convex set $ s $ given $ t $ queries to a stochastic first order oracle . we argue that the complexity of convex minimization is only determined by the rate of growth of the function around its minimizer $ x ^* _ { f , s }$, as quantified by a tsybakov - like noise condition . specifically , we prove that if $ f $ grows at least as fast as $\| x - x ^* _ { f , s }\|^\ kappa $ a ←
→ simulated annealing for weighted polygon packing ; in this paper we present a new algorithm for a layout optimization problem : this concerns the placement of weighted polygons inside a circular container , the two objectives being to minimize imbalance of mass and to minimize the radius of the container . this problem carries real practical significance in industrial applications ( such as the design of satellites ), as well as being of significant theoretical interest . previous work has dealt with circular or ←
→ feature markov decision processes ; general purpose intelligent learning agents cycle through ( complex , non - mdp ) sequences of observations , actions , and rewards . on the other hand , reinforcement learning is well - developed for small finite state markov decision processes ( mdps ). so far it is an art performed by human designers to extract the right state representation out of the bare observations , i . e . to reduce the agent setup to the mdp framework . before we can think of mechanizing this search for suitable ←
→ directly and efficiently optimizing prediction error and auc of linear classifiers ; the predictive quality of machine learning models is typically measured in terms of their ( approximate ) expected prediction error or the so - called area under the curve ( auc ) for a particular data distribution . however , when the models are constructed by the means of empirical risk minimization , surrogate functions such as the logistic loss are optimized instead . this is done because the empirical approximations of the exp ←
→ every lwf and amp chain graph originates from a set of causal models ; this paper aims at justifying lwf and amp chain graphs by showing that they do not represent arbitrary independence models . specifically , we show that every chain graph is inclusion optimal wrt the intersection of the independence models represented by a set of directed and acyclic graphs under conditioning . this implies that the independence model represented by the chain graph can be accounted for by a set of causal models that are sub ←
→ school bus routing by maximizing trip compatibility ; school bus planning is usually divided into routing and scheduling due to the complexity of solving them concurrently . however , the separation between these two steps may lead to worse solutions with higher overall costs than that from solving them together . when finding the minimal number of trips in the routing problem , neglecting the importance of trip compatibility may increase the number of buses actually needed in the scheduling problem . this paper ←
→ towards neural speaker modeling in multi - party conversation : the task , dataset , and models ; neural network - based dialog systems are attracting increasing attention in both academia and industry . recently , researchers have begun to realize the importance of speaker modeling in neural dialog systems , but there lacks established tasks and datasets . in this paper , we propose speaker classification as a surrogate task for general speaker modeling , and collect massive data to facilitate research in this direct ←
→ a minimalistic approach to sum - product network learning for real applications ; sum - product networks ( spns ) are a class of expressive yet tractable hierarchical graphical models . learnspn is a structure learning algorithm for spns that uses hierarchical co - clustering to simultaneously identifying similar entities and similar features . the original learnspn algorithm assumes that all the variables are discrete and there is no missing data . we introduce a practical , simplified version of learnspn , minispn , ←
→ perishability of data : dynamic pricing under varying - coefficient models ; we consider a firm that sells a large number of products to its customers in an online fashion . each product is described by a high dimensional feature vector , and the market value of a product is assumed to be linear in the values of its features . parameters of the valuation model are unknown and can change over time . the firm sequentially observes a product ' s features and can use the historical sales data ( binary sale / no sale feedba ←
→ vmf - sne : embedding for spherical data ; t - sne is a well - known approach to embedding high - dimensional data and has been widely used in data visualization . the basic assumption of t - sne is that the data are non - constrained in the euclidean space and the local proximity can be modelled by gaussian distributions . this assumption does not hold for a wide range of data types in practical applications , for instance spherical data for which the local proximity is better modelled by the von mises - fisher ( vmf ) distri ←
→ a new variational principle for the euclidean distance function : linear approach to the non - linear eikonal problem ; we present a fast convolution - based technique for computing an approximate , signed euclidean distance function $ s $ on a set of 2d and 3d grid locations . instead of solving the non - linear , static hamilton - jacobi equation ($\|\ nabla s \|= 1 $), our solution stems from first solving for a scalar field $\ phi $ in a linear differential equation and then deriving the solution for $ s $ by taking the ne ←
→ learning robust subspace clustering ; we propose a low - rank transformation - learning framework to robustify subspace clustering . many high - dimensional data , such as face images and motion sequences , lie in a union of low - dimensional subspaces . the subspace clustering problem has been extensively studied in the literature to partition such high - dimensional data into clusters corresponding to their underlying low - dimensional subspaces . however , low - dimensional intrinsic structures are often violated for real - w ←
→ enacting social argumentative machines in semantic wikipedia ; this research advocates the idea of combining argumentation theory with the social web technology , aiming to enact large scale or mass argumentation . the proposed framework allows mass - collaborative editing of structured arguments in the style of semantic wikipedia . the long term goal is to apply the abstract machinery of argumentation theory to more practical applications based on human generated arguments , such as deliberative democracy , busin ←
→ a csp implementation of the bigraph embedding problem ; a crucial problem for many results and tools about bigraphs and bigraphical reactive systems is bigraph embedding . an embedding is more informative than a bigraph matching , since it keeps track of the correspondence between the various components of the redex ( guest ) within the agent ( host ). in this paper , we present an algorithm for computing embeddings based on a reduction to a constraint satisfaction problem . this algorithm , that we prove to be soun ←
→ convex variational image restoration with histogram priors ; we present a novel variational approach to image restoration ( e . g ., denoising , inpainting , labeling ) that enables to complement established variational approaches with a histogram - based prior enforcing closeness of the solution to some given empirical measure . by minimizing a single objective function , the approach utilizes simultaneously two quite different sources of information for restoration : spatial context in terms of some smoothness prior ←
→ immune system approaches to intrusion detection - a review ( icaris ) ; the use of artificial immune systems in intrusion detection is an appealing concept for two reasons . firstly , the human immune system provides the human body with a high level of protection from invading pathogens , in a robust , self - organised and distributed manner . secondly , current techniques used in computer security are not able to cope with the dynamic and increasingly complex nature of computer systems and their security . it is hope ←
→ scalable gaussian processes for characterizing multidimensional change surfaces ; we present a scalable gaussian process model for identifying and characterizing smooth multidimensional changepoints , and automatically learning changes in expressive covariance structure . we use random kitchen sink features to flexibly define a change surface in combination with expressive spectral mixture kernels to capture the complex statistical structure . finally , through the use of novel methods for additive non - separa ←
→ gender classification using gradient direction pattern ; a novel methodology for gender classification is presented in this paper . it extracts feature from local region of a face using gray color intensity difference . the facial area is divided into sub - regions and gdp histogram extracted from those regions are concatenated into a single vector to represent the face . the classification accuracy obtained by using support vector machine has outperformed all traditional feature descriptors for gender classific ←
→ evograder : an online formative assessment tool for automatically evaluating written evolutionary explanations ; evograder is a free , online , on - demand formative assessment service designed for use in undergraduate biology classrooms . evograder ' s web portal is powered by amazon ' s elastic cloud and run with lightside lab ' s open - source machine - learning tools . the evograder web portal allows biology instructors to upload a response file (. csv ) containing unlimited numbers of evolutionary explanations written ←
→ practical bayesian optimization of machine learning algorithms ; machine learning algorithms frequently require careful tuning of model hyperparameters , regularization terms , and optimization parameters . unfortunately , this tuning is often a " black art " that requires expert experience , unwritten rules of thumb , or sometimes brute - force search . much more appealing is the idea of developing automatic approaches which can optimize the performance of a given learning algorithm to the task at hand . in this work ,←
→ the group lasso for design of experiments ; we introduce an application of the group lasso to design of experiments . note that we are not trying to explain experimental design for the group lasso . conversely , we explain how we can use the idea of the group lasso in experimental design , showing that the problem of constructing an optimal design matrix can be transformed into a problem of the group lasso . in some numerical examples , we show that we can obtain the orthogonal arrays as the solutions of the grou ←
→ label distribution learning forests ; label distribution learning ( ldl ) is a general learning framework , which assigns to an instance a distribution over a set of labels rather than a single label or multiple labels . current ldl methods have either restricted assumptions on the expression form of the label distribution or limitations in representation learning , e . g ., to learn deep features in an end - to - end manner . this paper presents label distribution learning forests ( ldlfs ) - a novel label distribution l ←
→ proximal gradient method for huberized support vector machine ; the support vector machine ( svm ) has been used in a wide variety of classification problems . the original svm uses the hinge loss function , which is non - differentiable and makes the problem difficult to solve in particular for regularized svms , such as with $\ ell_1 $- regularization . this paper considers the huberized svm ( hsvm ), which uses a differentiable approximation of the hinge loss function . we first explore the use of the proximal gradien ←
→ using deep neural networks to automate large scale statistical analysis for big data applications ; statistical analysis ( sa ) is a complex process to deduce population properties from analysis of data . it usually takes a well - trained analyst to successfully perform sa , and it becomes extremely challenging to apply sa to big data applications . we propose to use deep neural networks to automate the sa process . in particular , we propose to construct convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to perform automatic m ←
→ sustain : scalable unsupervised scoring for tensors and its application to phenotyping ; this paper presents a new method , which we call sustain , that extends real - valued matrix and tensor factorizations to data where values are integers . such data are common when the values correspond to event counts or ordinal measures . the conventional approach is to treat integer data as real , and then apply real - valued factorizations . however , doing so fails to preserve important characteristics of the original data , ←
→ detecting drivable area for self - driving cars : an unsupervised approach ; it has been well recognized that detecting drivable area is central to self - driving cars . most of existing methods attempt to locate road surface by using lane line , thereby restricting to drivable area on which have a clear lane mark . this paper proposes an unsupervised approach for detecting drivable area utilizing both image data from a monocular camera and point cloud data from a 3d - lidar scanner . our approach locates initial driv ←
→ a fuzzy directional distance measure ; the measure of distance between two fuzzy sets is a fundamental tool within fuzzy set theory , however , distance measures currently within the literature use a crisp value to represent the distance between fuzzy sets . a real valued distance measure is developed into a fuzzy distance measure which better reflects the uncertainty inherent in fuzzy sets and a fuzzy directional distance measure is presented , which accounts for the direction of change between fuzzy sets . a m ←
→ convolutional spike timing dependent plasticity based feature learning in spiking neural networks ; brain - inspired learning models attempt to mimic the cortical architecture and computations performed in the neurons and synapses constituting the human brain to achieve its efficiency in cognitive tasks . in this work , we present convolutional spike timing dependent plasticity based feature learning with biologically plausible leaky - integrate - and - fire neurons in spiking neural networks ( snns ). we use shared ←
→ crowd sourcing image segmentation with iastaple ; we propose a novel label fusion technique as well as a crowdsourcing protocol to efficiently obtain accurate epithelial cell segmentations from non - expert crowd workers . our label fusion technique simultaneously estimates the true segmentation , the performance levels of individual crowd workers , and an image segmentation model in the form of a pairwise markov random field . we term our approach image - aware staple ( iastaple ) since our image segmentation model ←
→ a computational analysis of collective discourse ; this paper is focused on the computational analysis of collective discourse , a collective behavior seen in non - expert content contributions in online social media . we collect and analyze a wide range of real - world collective discourse datasets from movie user reviews to microblogs and news headlines to scientific citations . we show that all these datasets exhibit diversity of perspective , a property seen in other collective systems and a criterion in wise c ←
→ comparison of batch normalization and weight normalization algorithms for the large - scale image classification ; batch normalization ( bn ) has become a de facto standard for training deep convolutional networks . however , bn accounts for a significant fraction of training run - time and is difficult to accelerate , since it is a memory - bandwidth bounded operation . such a drawback of bn motivates us to explore recently proposed weight normalization algorithms ( wn algorithms ), i . e . weight normalization , normaliz ←
→ deep convolutional neural networks for smile recognition ; this thesis describes the design and implementation of a smile detector based on deep convolutional neural networks . it starts with a summary of neural networks , the difficulties of training them and new training methods , such as restricted boltzmann machines or autoencoders . it then provides a literature review of convolutional neural networks and recurrent neural networks . in order to select databases for smile recognition , comprehensive statistic ←
→ fast dempster - shafer clustering using a neural network structure ; in this paper we study a problem within dempster - shafer theory where 2 ** n - 1 pieces of evidence are clustered by a neural structure into n clusters . the clustering is done by minimizing a metaconflict function . previously we developed a method based on iterative optimization . however , for large scale problems we need a method with lower computational complexity . the neural structure was found to be effective and much faster than iterative o ←
→ an evolutionary algorithm with advanced goal and priority specification for multi - objective optimization ; this paper presents an evolutionary algorithm with a new goal - sequence domination scheme for better decision support in multi - objective optimization . the approach allows the inclusion of advanced hard / soft priority and constraint information on each objective component , and is capable of incorporating multiple specifications with overlapping or non - overlapping objective functions via logical ' or ' and ←
→ structured probabilistic pruning for convolutional neural network acceleration ; although deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) has shown better performance in various computer vision tasks , its application is restricted by a significant increase in storage and computation . among cnn simplification techniques , parameter pruning is a promising approach which aims at reducing the number of weights of various layers without intensively reducing the original accuracy . in this paper , we propose a novel progr ←
→ image matting with normalized weight and semi - supervised learning ; image matting is an important vision problem . the main stream methods for it combine sampling - based methods and propagation - based methods . in this paper , we deal with the combination with a normalized weighting parameter , which could well control the relative relationship between information from sampling and from propagation . a reasonable value range for this parameter is given based on statistics from the standard benchmark dataset . the m ←
→ quasar : datasets for question answering by search and reading ; we present two new large - scale datasets aimed at evaluating systems designed to comprehend a natural language query and extract its answer from a large corpus of text . the quasar - s dataset consists of 37000 cloze - style ( fill - in - the - gap ) queries constructed from definitions of software entity tags on the popular website stack overflow . the posts and comments on the website serve as the background corpus for answering the cloze questions . the qua ←
→ variational autoencoders for learning latent representations of speech emotion ; latent representation of data in unsupervised fashion is a very interesting process . it provides more relevant features that can enhance the performance of a classifier . for speech emotion recognition tasks generating effective features is very crucial . recently , deep generative models such as variational autoencoders ( vaes ) have gained enormous success to model natural images . being inspired by that in this paper , we use vae ←
→ investigating inner properties of multimodal representation and semantic compositionality with brain - based componential semantics ; multimodal models have been proven to outperform text - based approaches on learning semantic representations . however , it still remains unclear what properties are encoded in multimodal representations , in what aspects do they outperform the single - modality representations , and what happened in the process of semantic compositionality in different input modalities . considering ←
→ completely random measures for modelling block - structured networks ; many statistical methods for network data parameterize the edge - probability by attributing latent traits to the vertices such as block structure and assume exchangeability in the sense of the aldous - hoover representation theorem . empirical studies of networks indicate that many real - world networks have a power - law distribution of the vertices which in turn implies the number of edges scale slower than quadratically in the number of vertice ←
→ exploiting text and network context for geolocation of social media users ; research on automatically geolocating social media users has conventionally been based on the text content of posts from a given user or the social network of the user , with very little crossover between the two , and no bench - marking of the two approaches over compara - ble datasets . we bring the two threads of research together in first proposing a text - based method based on adaptive grids , followed by a hybrid network - and text - b ←
→ graphical readings of possibilistic logic bases ; possibility theory offers either a qualitive , or a numerical framework for representing uncertainty , in terms of dual measures of possibility and necessity . this leads to the existence of two kinds of possibilistic causal graphs where the conditioning is either based on the minimum , or the product operator . benferhat et al . ( 1999 ) have investigated the connections between min - based graphs and possibilistic logic bases ( made of classical formulas weighted in ←
→ deep convolution networks for compression artifacts reduction ; lossy compression introduces complex compression artifacts , particularly blocking artifacts , ringing effects and blurring . existing algorithms either focus on removing blocking artifacts and produce blurred output , or restore sharpened images that are accompanied with ringing effects . inspired by the success of deep convolutional networks ( dcn ) on superresolution , we formulate a compact and efficient network for seamless attenuation of differen ←
→ distributed autonomous online learning : regrets and intrinsic privacy - preserving properties ; online learning has become increasingly popular on handling massive data . the sequential nature of online learning , however , requires a centralized learner to store data and update parameters . in this paper , we consider online learning with {\ em distributed } data sources . the autonomous learners update local parameters based on local data sources and periodically exchange information with a small subset of neighb ←
→ portfolio optimization using local linear regression ensembles in rapidminer ; in this paper we implement a local linear regression ensemble committee ( lolrec ) to predict 1 - day - ahead returns of 453 assets form the s & p500 . the estimates and the historical returns of the committees are used to compute the weights of the portfolio from the 453 stock . the proposed method outperforms benchmark portfolio selection strategies that optimize the growth rate of the capital . we investigate the effect of algorithm pa ←
→ predicting oral disintegrating tablet formulations by neural network techniques ; oral disintegrating tablets ( odts ) is a novel dosage form that can be dissolved on the tongue within 3min or less especially for geriatric and pediatric patients . current odt formulation studies usually rely on the personal experience of pharmaceutical experts and trial - and - error in the laboratory , which is inefficient and time - consuming . the aim of current research was to establish the prediction model of odt formulations w ←
→ fast and reliable inference algorithm for hierarchical stochastic block models ; network clustering reveals the organization of a network or corresponding complex system with elements represented as vertices and interactions as edges in a ( directed , weighted ) graph . although the notion of clustering can be somewhat loose , network clusters or groups are generally considered as nodes with enriched interactions and edges sharing common patterns . statistical inference often treats groups as latent variables , ←
→ spectral clustering with jensen - type kernels and their multi - point extensions ; motivated by multi - distribution divergences , which originate in information theory , we propose a notion of ` multi - point ' kernels , and study their applications . we study a class of kernels based on jensen type divergences and show that these can be extended to measure similarity among multiple points . we study tensor flattening methods and develop a multi - point ( kernel ) spectral clustering ( msc ) method . we further emphasize on ←
→ deep inception - residual laplacian pyramid networks for accurate single image super - resolution ; with exploiting contextual information over large image regions in an efficient way , the deep convolutional neural network has shown an impressive performance for single image super - resolution ( sr ). in this paper , we propose a deep convolutional network by cascading the well - designed inception - residual blocks within the deep laplacian pyramid framework to progressively restore the missing high - frequency details ←
→ stable independence in perfect maps ; with the aid of the concept of stable independence we can construct , in an efficient way , a compact representation of a semi - graphoid independence relation . we show that this representation provides a new necessary condition for the existence of a directed perfect map for the relation . the test for this condition is based to a large extent on the transitivity property of a special form of d - separation . the complexity of the test is linear in the size of the representati ←
→ statistical machine translation for indian languages : mission hindi 2 ; this paper presents centre for development of advanced computing mumbai ' s ( cdacm ) submission to nlp tools contest on statistical machine translation in indian languages ( ilsmt ) 2015 ( collocated with icon 2015 ). the aim of the contest was to collectively explore the effectiveness of statistical machine translation ( smt ) while translating within indian languages and between english and indian languages . in this paper , we report our work o ←
→ sparsity - based super resolution for sem images ; the scanning electron microscope ( sem ) produces an image of a sample by scanning it with a focused beam of electrons . the electrons interact with the atoms in the sample , which emit secondary electrons that contain information about the surface topography and composition . the sample is scanned by the electron beam point by point , until an image of the surface is formed . since its invention in 1942 , sems have become paramount in the discovery and understanding ←
→ interpreting extracted rules from ensemble of trees : application to computer - aided diagnosis of breast mri ; high predictive performance and ease of use and interpretability are important requirements for the applicability of a computer - aided diagnosis ( cad ) to human reading studies . we propose a cad system specifically designed to be more comprehensible to the radiologist reviewing screening breast mri studies . multiparametric imaging features are combined to produce a cad system for differentiating canc ←
→ towards a multiagent decision support system for crisis management ; crisis management is a complex problem raised by the scientific community currently . decision support systems are a suitable solution for such issues , they are indeed able to help emergency managers to prevent and to manage crisis in emergency situations . however , they should be enough flexible and adaptive in order to be reliable to solve complex problems that are plunged in dynamic and unpredictable environments . the approach we propose ←
→ end - to - end 3d shape inverse rendering of different classes of objects from a single input image ; in this paper a semi - supervised deep framework is proposed for the problem of 3d shape inverse rendering from a single 2d input image . the main structure of proposed framework consists of unsupervised pre - trained components which significantly reduce the need to labeled data for training the whole framework . using labeled data has the advantage of achieving to accurate results without the need to predefined a ←
→ automatic extraction of open space area from high resolution urban satellite imagery ; in the 21st century , aerial and satellite images are information rich . they are also complex to analyze . for gis systems , many features require fast and reliable extraction of open space area from high resolution satellite imagery . in this paper we will study efficient and reliable automatic extraction algorithm to find out the open space area from the high resolution urban satellite imagery . this automatic extraction a ←
→ spatially - adaptive reconstruction in computed tomography based on statistical learning ; we propose a direct reconstruction algorithm for computed tomography , based on a local fusion of a few preliminary image estimates by means of a non - linear fusion rule . one such rule is based on a signal denoising technique which is spatially adaptive to the unknown local smoothness . another , more powerful fusion rule , is based on a neural network trained off - line with a high - quality training set of images . two types ←
→ on robust face recognition via sparse encoding : the good , the bad , and the ugly ; in the field of face recognition , sparse representation ( sr ) has received considerable attention during the past few years . most of the relevant literature focuses on holistic descriptors in closed - set identification applications . the underlying assumption in sr - based methods is that each class in the gallery has sufficient samples and the query lies on the subspace spanned by the gallery of the same class . unfortunately , su ←
→ on the complexity of case - based planning ; we analyze the computational complexity of problems related to case - based planning : planning when a plan for a similar instance is known , and planning from a library of plans . we prove that planning from a single case has the same complexity than generative planning ( i . e ., planning " from scratch "); using an extended definition of cases , complexity is reduced if the domain stored in the case is similar to the one to search plans for . planning from a library of cases ←
→ sparse linear regression via generalized orthogonal least - squares ; sparse linear regression , which entails finding a sparse solution to an underdetermined system of linear equations , can formally be expressed as an $ l_0 $- constrained least - squares problem . the orthogonal least - squares ( ols ) algorithm sequentially selects the features ( i . e ., columns of the coefficient matrix ) to greedily find an approximate sparse solution . in this paper , a generalization of orthogonal least - squares which relies on a recursi ←
→ authorship analysis based on data compression ; this paper proposes to perform authorship analysis using the fast compression distance ( fcd ), a similarity measure based on compression with dictionaries directly extracted from the written texts . the fcd computes a similarity between two documents through an effective binary search on the intersection set between the two related dictionaries . in the reported experiments the proposed method is applied to documents which are heterogeneous in style , written in f ←
→ data - driven dialogue systems for social agents ; in order to build dialogue systems to tackle the ambitious task of holding social conversations , we argue that we need a data driven approach that includes insight into human conversational chit chat , and which incorporates different natural language processing modules . our strategy is to analyze and index large corpora of social media data , including twitter conversations , online debates , dialogues between friends , and blog posts , and then to couple this dat ←
→ clustering via content - augmented stochastic blockmodels ; much of the data being created on the web contains interactions between users and items . stochastic blockmodels , and other methods for community detection and clustering of bipartite graphs , can infer latent user communities and latent item clusters from this interaction data . these methods , however , typically ignore the items ' contents and the information they provide about item clusters , despite the tendency of items in the same latent cluster to s ←
→ corpus based enrichment of germanet verb frames ; lexical semantic resources , like wordnet , are often used in real applications of natural language document processing . for example , we integrated germanet in our document suite xdoc of processing of german forensic autopsy protocols . in addition to the hypernymy and synonymy relation , we want to adapt germanet ' s verb frames for our analysis . in this paper we outline an approach for the domain related enrichment of germanet verb frames by corpus based syntact ←
→ qualitative decision making under possibilistic uncertainty : toward more discriminating criteria ; the aim of this paper is to propose a generalization of previous approaches in qualitative decision making . our work is based on the binary possibilistic utility ( pu ), which is a possibilistic counterpart of expected utility ( eu ). we first provide a new axiomatization of pu and study its relation with the lexicographic aggregation of pessimistic and optimistic utilities . then we explain the reasons of the coa ←
→ scale - space anisotropic total variation for limited angle tomography ; this paper addresses streak reduction in limited angle tomography . although the iterative reweighted total variation ( wtv ) algorithm reduces small streaks well , it is rather inept at eliminating large ones since total variation ( tv ) regularization is scale - dependent and may regard these streaks as homogeneous areas . hence , the main purpose of this paper is to reduce streak artifacts at various scales . we propose the scale - space anisotrop ←
→ a local approach to estimation in discrete loglinear models ; we consider two connected aspects of maximum likelihood estimation of the parameter for high - dimensional discrete graphical models : the existence of the maximum likelihood estimate ( mle ) and its computation . when the data is sparse , there are many zeros in the contingency table and the maximum likelihood estimate of the parameter may not exist . fienberg and rinaldo ( 2012 ) have shown that the mle does not exists iff the data vector belongs to a ←
→ shape constrained tensor decompositions using sparse representations in over - complete libraries ; we consider $ n $- way data arrays and low - rank tensor factorizations where the time mode is coded as a sparse linear combination of temporal elements from an over - complete library . our method , shape constrained tensor decomposition ( sctd ) is based upon the candecomp / parafac ( cp ) decomposition which produces $ r $- rank approximations of data tensors via outer products of vectors in each dimension of the data . by c ←
→ dual rectified linear units ( drelus ): a replacement for tanh activation functions in quasi - recurrent neural networks ; in this paper , we introduce a novel type of rectified linear unit ( relu ), called a dual rectified linear unit ( drelu ). a drelu , which comes with an unbounded positive and negative image , can be used as a drop - in replacement for a tanh activation function in the recurrent step of quasi - recurrent neural networks ( qrnns ) ( bradbury et al . ( 2017 )). similar to relus , drelus are less prone to th ←
→ eden : evolutionary deep networks for efficient machine learning ; deep neural networks continue to show improved performance with increasing depth , an encouraging trend that implies an explosion in the possible permutations of network architectures and hyperparameters for which there is little intuitive guidance . to address this increasing complexity , we propose evolutionary deep networks ( eden ), a computationally efficient neuro - evolutionary algorithm which interfaces to any deep neural network platform , s ←
→ elkan ' s k - means for graphs ; this paper extends k - means algorithms from the euclidean domain to the domain of graphs . to recompute the centroids , we apply subgradient methods for solving the optimization - based formulation of the sample mean of graphs . to accelerate the k - means algorithm for graphs without trading computational time against solution quality , we avoid unnecessary graph distance calculations by exploiting the triangle inequality of the underlying distance metric following elkan ' s k - means algor ←
→ matching natural language sentences with hierarchical sentence factorization ; semantic matching of natural language sentences or identifying the relationship between two sentences is a core research problem underlying many natural language tasks . depending on whether training data is available , prior research has proposed both unsupervised distance - based schemes and supervised deep learning schemes for sentence matching . however , previous approaches either omit or fail to fully utilize the ordered , hiera ←
→ learning of gaussian processes in distributed and communication limited systems ; it is of fundamental importance to find algorithms obtaining optimal performance for learning of statistical models in distributed and communication limited systems . aiming at characterizing the optimal strategies , we consider learning of gaussian processes ( gps ) in distributed systems as a pivotal example . we first address a very basic problem : how many bits are required to estimate the inner - products of gaussian vectors ac ←
→ 3d object discovery and modeling using single rgb - d images containing multiple object instances ; unsupervised object modeling is important in robotics , especially for handling a large set of objects . we present a method for unsupervised 3d object discovery , reconstruction , and localization that exploits multiple instances of an identical object contained in a single rgb - d image . the proposed method does not rely on segmentation , scene knowledge , or user input , and thus is easily scalable . our method aims ←
→ automatic semantic role labeling on non - revised syntactic trees of journalistic texts ; semantic role labeling ( srl ) is a natural language processing task that enables the detection of events described in sentences and the participants of these events . for brazilian portuguese ( bp ), there are two studies recently concluded that perform srl in journalistic texts . [ 1 ] obtained f1 - measure scores of 79 . 6 , using the propbank . br corpus , which has syntactic trees manually revised , [ 8 ], without using a treebank f ←
→ integrated pre - processing for bayesian nonlinear system identification with gaussian processes ; we introduce gp - fnarx : a new model for nonlinear system identification based on a nonlinear autoregressive exogenous model ( narx ) with filtered regressors ( f ) where the nonlinear regression problem is tackled using sparse gaussian processes ( gp ). we integrate data pre - processing with system identification into a fully automated procedure that goes from raw data to an identified model . both pre - processing param ←
→ a study investigating typical concepts and guidelines for ontology building ; in semantic technologies , the shared common understanding of the structure of information among artifacts ( people or software agents ) can be realized by building an ontology . to do this , it is imperative for an ontology builder to answer several questions : a ) what are the main components of an ontology ? b ) how an ontology look likes and how it works ? c ) verify if it is required to consider reusing existing ontologies or not ? c ) ←
→ distributed optimization of deeply nested systems ; in science and engineering , intelligent processing of complex signals such as images , sound or language is often performed by a parameterized hierarchy of nonlinear processing layers , sometimes biologically inspired . hierarchical systems ( or , more generally , nested systems ) offer a way to generate complex mappings using simple stages . each layer performs a different operation and achieves an ever more sophisticated representation of the input , as , for exam ←
→ constrained cohort intelligence using static and dynamic penalty function approach for mechanical components design ; most of the metaheuristics can efficiently solve unconstrained problems ; however , their performance may degenerate if the constraints are involved . this paper proposes two constraint handling approaches for an emerging metaheuristic of cohort intelligence ( ci ). more specifically ci with static penalty function approach ( sci ) and ci with dynamic penalty function approach ( dci ) are proposed .←
→ fast linearized alternating direction minimization algorithm with adaptive parameter selection for multiplicative noise removal ; owing to the edge preserving ability and low computational cost of the total variation ( tv ), variational models with the tv regularization have been widely investigated in the field of multiplicative noise removal . the key points of the successful application of these models lie in : the optimal selection of the regularization parameter which balances the data - fidelity term with ←
→ probabilistic auto - associative models and semi - linear pca ; auto - associative models cover a large class of methods used in data analysis . in this paper , we describe the generals properties of these models when the projection component is linear and we propose and test an easy to implement probabilistic semi - linear auto - associative model in a gaussian setting . we show it is a generalization of the pca model to the semi - linear case . numerical experiments on simulated datasets and a real astronomical applicat ←
→ optimization for gaussian processes via chaining ; in this paper , we consider the problem of stochastic optimization under a bandit feedback model . we generalize the gp - ucb algorithm [ srinivas and al ., 2012 ] to arbitrary kernels and search spaces . to do so , we use a notion of localized chaining to control the supremum of a gaussian process , and provide a novel optimization scheme based on the computation of covering numbers . the theoretical bounds we obtain on the cumulative regret are more generic and pres ←
→ monte carlo non local means : random sampling for large - scale image filtering ; we propose a randomized version of the non - local means ( nlm ) algorithm for large - scale image filtering . the new algorithm , called monte carlo non - local means ( mcnlm ), speeds up the classical nlm by computing a small subset of image patch distances , which are randomly selected according to a designed sampling pattern . we make two contributions . first , we analyze the performance of the mcnlm algorithm and show that , for large ima ←
→ verb physics : relative physical knowledge of actions and objects ; learning commonsense knowledge from natural language text is nontrivial due to reporting bias : people rarely state the obvious , e . g ., " my house is bigger than me ." however , while rarely stated explicitly , this trivial everyday knowledge does influence the way people talk about the world , which provides indirect clues to reason about the world . for example , a statement like , " tyler entered his house " implies that his house is bigger than tyle ←
→ hyperspectral cnn classification with limited training samples ; hyperspectral imaging sensors are becoming increasingly popular in robotics applications such as agriculture and mining , and allow per - pixel thematic classification of materials in a scene based on their unique spectral signatures . recently , convolutional neural networks have shown remarkable performance for classification tasks , but require substantial amounts of labelled training data . this data must sufficiently cover the variability expect ←
→ building machines that learn and think for themselves : commentary on lake et al ., behavioral and brain sciences , 2017 ; we agree with lake and colleagues on their list of key ingredients for building humanlike intelligence , including the idea that model - based reasoning is essential . however , we favor an approach that centers on one additional ingredient : autonomy . in particular , we aim toward agents that can both build and exploit their own internal models , with minimal human hand - engineering . we believe ←
→ meta - qsar : a large - scale application of meta - learning to drug design and discovery ; we investigate the learning of quantitative structure activity relationships ( qsars ) as a case - study of meta - learning . this application area is of the highest societal importance , as it is a key step in the development of new medicines . the standard qsar learning problem is : given a target ( usually a protein ) and a set of chemical compounds ( small molecules ) with associated bioactivities ( e . g . inhibition of the target ), l ←
→ teaching machines to read and comprehend ; teaching machines to read natural language documents remains an elusive challenge . machine reading systems can be tested on their ability to answer questions posed on the contents of documents that they have seen , but until now large scale training and test datasets have been missing for this type of evaluation . in this work we define a new methodology that resolves this bottleneck and provides large scale supervised reading comprehension data . this allows us to de ←
→ living together : mind and machine intelligence ; in this paper we consider the nature of the machine intelligences we have created in the context of our human intelligence . we suggest that the fundamental difference between human and machine intelligence comes down to \ emph { embodiment factors }. we define embodiment factors as the ratio between an entity ' s ability to communicate information vs compute information . we speculate on the role of embodiment factors in driving our own intelligence and consciousnes ←
→ online optimization : competing with dynamic comparators ; recent literature on online learning has focused on developing adaptive algorithms that take advantage of a regularity of the sequence of observations , yet retain worst - case performance guarantees . a complementary direction is to develop prediction methods that perform well against complex benchmarks . in this paper , we address these two directions together . we present a fully adaptive method that competes with dynamic benchmarks in which regret guar ←
→ interspecies knowledge transfer for facial keypoint detection ; we present a method for localizing facial keypoints on animals by transferring knowledge gained from human faces . instead of directly finetuning a network trained to detect keypoints on human faces to animal faces ( which is sub - optimal since human and animal faces can look quite different ), we propose to first adapt the animal images to the pre - trained human detection network by correcting for the differences in animal and human face shape . we ←
→ efficient diffusion on region manifolds : recovering small objects with compact cnn representations ; query expansion is a popular method to improve the quality of image retrieval with both conventional and cnn representations . it has been so far limited to global image similarity . this work focuses on diffusion , a mechanism that captures the image manifold in the feature space . the diffusion is carried out on descriptors of overlapping image regions rather than on a global image descriptor like in previou ←
→ examining cnn representations with respect to dataset bias ; given a pre - trained cnn without any testing samples , this paper proposes a simple yet effective method to diagnose feature representations of the cnn . we aim to discover representation flaws caused by potential dataset bias . more specifically , when the cnn is trained to estimate image attributes , we mine latent relationships between representations of different attributes inside the cnn . then , we compare the mined attribute relationships with grou ←
→ energy saving in smart homes based on consumer behaviour : a case study ; this paper presents a case study of a recommender system that can be used to save energy in smart homes without lowering the comfort of the inhabitants . we present an algorithm that uses consumer behavior data only and uses machine learning to suggest actions for inhabitants to reduce the energy consumption of their homes . the system mines for frequent and periodic patterns in the event data provided by the digitalstrom home automation ←
→ applying natural language generation to indicative summarization ; the task of creating indicative summaries that help a searcher decide whether to read a particular document is a difficult task . this paper examines the indicative summarization task from a generation perspective , by first analyzing its required content via published guidelines and corpus analysis . we show how these summaries can be factored into a set of document features , and how an implemented content planner uses the topicality document ←
→ task - aware compressed sensing with generative adversarial networks ; in recent years , neural network approaches have been widely adopted for machine learning tasks , with applications in computer vision . more recently , unsupervised generative models based on neural networks have been successfully applied to model data distributions via low - dimensional latent spaces . in this paper , we use generative adversarial networks ( gans ) to impose structure in compressed sensing problems , replacing the usual sparsity co ←
→ deep recurrent q - learning for partially observable mdps ; deep reinforcement learning has yielded proficient controllers for complex tasks . however , these controllers have limited memory and rely on being able to perceive the complete game screen at each decision point . to address these shortcomings , this article investigates the effects of adding recurrency to a deep q - network ( dqn ) by replacing the first post - convolutional fully - connected layer with a recurrent lstm . the resulting \ textit { deep recurrent q ←
→ uncertainty estimation via stochastic batch normalization ; in this work , we investigate batch normalization technique and propose its probabilistic interpretation . we propose a probabilistic model and show that batch normalization maximazes the lower bound of its marginalized log - likelihood . then , according to the new probabilistic model , we design an algorithm which acts consistently during train and test . however , inference becomes computationally inefficient . to reduce memory and computational cost , we ←
→ a multi - armed bandit to smartly select a training set from big medical data ; with the availability of big medical image data , the selection of an adequate training set is becoming more important to address the heterogeneity of different datasets . simply including all the data does not only incur high processing costs but can even harm the prediction . we formulate the smart and efficient selection of a training dataset from big medical image data as a multi - armed bandit problem , solved by thompson samplin ←
→ stochastic maximum likelihood optimization via hypernetworks ; this work explores maximum likelihood optimization of neural networks through hypernetworks . a hypernetwork initializes the weights of another network , which in turn can be employed for typical functional tasks such as regression and classification . we optimize hypernetworks to directly maximize the conditional likelihood of target variables given input . using this approach we obtain competitive empirical results on regression and classification ←
→ controlling perceptual factors in neural style transfer ; neural style transfer has shown very exciting results enabling new forms of image manipulation . here we extend the existing method to introduce control over spatial location , colour information and across spatial scale . we demonstrate how this enhances the method by allowing high - resolution controlled stylisation and helps to alleviate common failure cases such as applying ground textures to sky regions . furthermore , by decomposing style into these p ←
→ deepchess : end - to - end deep neural network for automatic learning in chess ; we present an end - to - end learning method for chess , relying on deep neural networks . without any a priori knowledge , in particular without any knowledge regarding the rules of chess , a deep neural network is trained using a combination of unsupervised pretraining and supervised training . the unsupervised training extracts high level features from a given position , and the supervised training learns to compare two chess positions a ←
→ distilling a neural network into a soft decision tree ; deep neural networks have proved to be a very effective way to perform classification tasks . they excel when the input data is high dimensional , the relationship between the input and the output is complicated , and the number of labeled training examples is large . but it is hard to explain why a learned network makes a particular classification decision on a particular test case . this is due to their reliance on distributed hierarchical representations ←
→ theorem proving based on semantics of dna strand graph ; because of several technological limitations of traditional silicon based computing , for past few years a paradigm shift , from silicon to carbon , is occurring in computational world . dna computing has been considered to be quite promising in solving computational and reasoning problems by using dna strands . resolution , an important aspect of automated theorem proving and mathematical logic , is a rule of inference which leads to proof by contradiction ←
→ bidirectional lstm - crf for clinical concept extraction ; automated extraction of concepts from patient clinical records is an essential facilitator of clinical research . for this reason , the 2010 i2b2 / va natural language processing challenges for clinical records introduced a concept extraction task aimed at identifying and classifying concepts into predefined categories ( i . e ., treatments , tests and problems ). state - of - the - art concept extraction approaches heavily rely on handcrafted features and domain - spe ←
→ from imprecise probability assessments to conditional probabilities with quasi additive classes of conditioning events ; in this paper , starting from a generalized coherent ( i . e . avoiding uniform loss ) intervalvalued probability assessment on a finite family of conditional events , we construct conditional probabilities with quasi additive classes of conditioning events which are consistent with the given initial assessment . quasi additivity assures coherence for the obtained conditional probabilities . in ←
→ a pca - based super - resolution algorithm for short image sequences ; in this paper , we present a novel , learning - based , two - step super - resolution ( sr ) algorithm well suited to solve the specially demanding problem of obtaining sr estimates from short image sequences . the first step , devoted to increase the sampling rate of the incoming images , is performed by fitting linear combinations of functions generated from principal components ( pc ) to reproduce locally the sparse projected image data , and using these ←
→ learning bayesian network parameters with prior knowledge about context - specific qualitative influences ; we present a method for learning the parameters of a bayesian network with prior knowledge about the signs of influences between variables . our method accommodates not just the standard signs , but provides for context - specific signs as well . we show how the various signs translate into order constraints on the network parameters and how isotonic regression can be used to compute order - constrained esti ←
→ on - the - fly macros ; we present a domain - independent algorithm that computes macros in a novel way . our algorithm computes macros " on - the - fly " for a given set of states and does not require previously learned or inferred information , nor prior domain knowledge . the algorithm is used to define new domain - independent tractable classes of classical planning that are proved to include \ emph { blocksworld - arm } and \ emph { towers of hanoi }.←
→ quantified advantage of discontinuous weight selection in approximations with deep neural networks ; we consider approximations of 1d lipschitz functions by deep relu networks of a fixed width . we prove that without the assumption of continuous weight selection the uniform approximation error is lower than with this assumption at least by a factor logarithmic in the size of the network .←
→ identity - aware textual - visual matching with latent co - attention ; textual - visual matching aims at measuring similarities between sentence descriptions and images . most existing methods tackle this problem without effectively utilizing identity - level annotations . in this paper , we propose an identity - aware two - stage framework for the textual - visual matching problem . our stage - 1 cnn - lstm network learns to embed cross - modal features with a novel cross - modal cross - entropy ( cmce ) loss . the stage - 1 network is abl ←
→ the bernstein function : a unifying framework of nonconvex penalization in sparse estimation ; in this paper we study nonconvex penalization using bernstein functions . since the bernstein function is concave and nonsmooth at the origin , it can induce a class of nonconvex functions for high - dimensional sparse estimation problems . we derive a threshold function based on the bernstein penalty and give its mathematical properties in sparsity modeling . we show that a coordinate descent algorithm is especially a ←
→ robust subjective visual property prediction from crowdsourced pairwise labels ; the problem of estimating subjective visual properties from image and video has attracted increasing interest . a subjective visual property is useful either on its own ( e . g . image and video interestingness ) or as an intermediate representation for visual recognition ( e . g . a relative attribute ). due to its ambiguous nature , annotating the value of a subjective visual property for learning a prediction model is challenging . to ←
→ on the impact of multiobjective scalarizing functions ; recently , there has been a renewed interest in decomposition - based approaches for evolutionary multiobjective optimization . however , the impact of the choice of the underlying scalarizing function ( s ) is still far from being well understood . in this paper , we investigate the behavior of different scalarizing functions and their parameters . we thereby abstract firstly from any specific algorithm and only consider the difficulty of the single scalarized p ←
→ on maximum a posteriori estimation of hidden markov processes ; we present a theoretical analysis of maximum a posteriori ( map ) sequence estimation for binary symmetric hidden markov processes . we reduce the map estimation to the energy minimization of an appropriately defined ising spin model , and focus on the performance of map as characterized by its accuracy and the number of solutions corresponding to a typical observed sequence . it is shown that for a finite range of sufficiently low noise levels , the ←
→ decentralized online big data classification - a bandit framework ; distributed , online data mining systems have emerged as a result of applications requiring analysis of large amounts of correlated and high - dimensional data produced by multiple distributed data sources . we propose a distributed online data classification framework where data is gathered by distributed data sources and processed by a heterogeneous set of distributed learners which learn online , at run - time , how to classify the different dat ←
→ multiclass feature learning for hyperspectral image classification : sparse and hierarchical solutions ; in this paper , we tackle the question of discovering an effective set of spatial filters to solve hyperspectral classification problems . instead of fixing a priori the filters and their parameters using expert knowledge , we let the model find them within random draws in the ( possibly infinite ) space of possible filters . we define an active set feature learner that includes in the model only features tha ←
→ rethinking convolutional semantic segmentation learning ; deep convolutional semantic segmentation ( dcss ) learning doesn ' t converge to an optimal local minimum with random parameters initializations ; a pre - trained model on the same domain becomes necessary to achieve convergence . in this work , we propose a joint cooperative end - to - end learning method for dcss . it addresses many drawbacks with existing deep semantic segmentation learning ; the proposed approach simultaneously learn both segmentation and classi ←
→ further results on dissimilarity spaces for hyperspectral images rf - cbir ; content - based image retrieval ( cbir ) systems are powerful search tools in image databases that have been little applied to hyperspectral images . relevance feedback ( rf ) is an iterative process that uses machine learning techniques and user ' s feedback to improve the cbir systems performance . we pursued to expand previous research in hyperspectral cbir systems built on dissimilarity functions defined either on spectral and spatial feat ←
→ content - based image retrieval tutorial ; this paper functions as a tutorial for individuals interested to enter the field of information retrieval but wouldn ' t know where to begin from . it describes two fundamental yet efficient image retrieval techniques , the first being k - nearest neighbors ( knn ) and the second support vector machines ( svm ). the goal is to provide the reader with both the theoretical and practical aspects in order to acquire a better understanding . along with this tutorial we have also de ←
→ statistical mechanics algorithm for response to targets ( smart ) ; it is proposed to apply modern methods of nonlinear nonequilibrium statistical mechanics to develop software algorithms that will optimally respond to targets within short response times with minimal computer resources . this statistical mechanics algorithm for response to targets ( smart ) can be developed with a view towards its future implementation into a hardwired statistical algorithm multiprocessor ( sam ) to enhance the efficiency and spee ←
→ faster decoding for subword level phrase - based smt between related languages ; a common and effective way to train translation systems between related languages is to consider sub - word level basic units . however , this increases the length of the sentences resulting in increased decoding time . the increase in length is also impacted by the specific choice of data format for representing the sentences as subwords . in a phrase - based smt framework , we investigate different choices of decoder parameters as wel ←
→ predicting university students ' academic success and choice of major using random forests ; in this paper , a large data set containing every course taken by every undergraduate student in a major university in canada over 10 years is analyzed . modern machine learning algorithms can use large data sets to build useful tools for the data provider , in this case , the university . in this article , two classifiers are constructed using random forests . to begin , the first two semesters of courses completed by a s ←
→ implementation and comparative quantitative assessment of different multispectral image pansharpening approches ; in remote sensing , images acquired by various earth observation satellites tend to have either a high spatial and low spectral resolution or vice versa . pansharpening is a technique which aims to improve spatial resolution of multispectral image . the challenges involve in the pansharpening are not only to improve the spatial resolution but also to preserve spectral quality of the multispectral ←
→ capturing structure implicitly from time - series having limited data ; scientific fields such as insider - threat detection and highway - safety planning often lack sufficient amounts of time - series data to estimate statistical models for the purpose of scientific discovery . moreover , the available limited data are quite noisy . this presents a major challenge when estimating time - series models that are robust to overfitting and have well - calibrated uncertainty estimates . most of the current literature in these f ←
→ enhancing qpns for trade - off resolution ; qualitative probabilistic networks have been introduced as qualitative abstractions of bayesian belief networks . one of the major drawbacks of these qualitative networks is their coarse level of detail , which may lead to unresolved trade - offs during inference . we present an enhanced formalism for qualitative networks with a finer level of detail . an enhanced qualitative probabilistic network differs from a regular qualitative network in that it distinguishes between ←
→ a graph - based mathematical morphology reader ; this survey paper aims at providing a " literary " anthology of mathematical morphology on graphs . it describes in the english language many ideas stemming from a large number of different papers , hence providing a unified view of an active and diverse field of research .←
→ feature studies to inform the classification of depressive symptoms from twitter data for population health ; the utility of twitter data as a medium to support population - level mental health monitoring is not well understood . in an effort to better understand the predictive power of supervised machine learning classifiers and the influence of feature sets for efficiently classifying depression - related tweets on a large - scale , we conducted two feature study experiments . in the first experiment , we assesse ←
→ residual component analysis : generalising pca for more flexible inference in linear - gaussian models ; probabilistic principal component analysis ( ppca ) seeks a low dimensional representation of a data set in the presence of independent spherical gaussian noise . the maximum likelihood solution for the model is an eigenvalue problem on the sample covariance matrix . in this paper we consider the situation where the data variance is already partially explained by other actors , for example sparse conditional d ←
→ heuristic with elements of tabu search for truck and trailer routing problem ; vehicle routing problem is a well - known problem in logistics and transportation , and the variety of such problems is explained by the fact that it occurs in many real - life situations . it is an np - hard combinatorial optimization problem and finding an exact optimal solution is practically impossible . in this work , site - dependent truck and trailer routing problem with hard and soft time windows and split deliveries is considered ←
→ maximum margin principal components ; principal component analysis ( pca ) is a very successful dimensionality reduction technique , widely used in predictive modeling . a key factor in its widespread use in this domain is the fact that the projection of a dataset onto its first $ k $ principal components minimizes the sum of squared errors between the original data and the projected data over all possible rank $ k $ projections . thus , pca provides optimal low - rank representations of data for least - squares linear r ←
→ a weighted sparse sampling and smoothing frame transition approach for semantic fast - forward first - person videos ; thanks to the advances in the technology of low - cost digital cameras and the popularity of the self - recording culture , the amount of visual data on the internet is going to the opposite side of the available time and patience of the users . thus , most of the uploaded videos are doomed to be forgotten and unwatched in a computer folder or website . in this work , we address the problem of creatin ←
→ deceased organ matching in australia ; despite efforts to increase the supply of organs from living donors , most kidney transplants performed in australia still come from deceased donors . the age of these donated organs has increased substantially in recent decades as the rate of fatal accidents on roads has fallen . the organ and tissue authority in australia is therefore looking to design a new mechanism that better matches the age of the organ to the age of the patient . i discuss the design , axiomatics an ←
→ an implemented model of punning riddles ; in this paper , we discuss a model of simple question - answer punning , implemented in a program , jape , which generates riddles from humour - independent lexical entries . the model uses two main types of structure : schemata , which determine the relationships between key words in a joke , and templates , which produce the surface form of the joke . jape succeeds in generating pieces of text that are recognizably jokes , but some of them are not very good jokes . we mention som ←
→ learning k - way d - dimensional discrete code for compact embedding representations ; embedding methods such as word embedding have become pillars for many applications containing discrete structures . conventional embedding methods directly associate each symbol with a continuous embedding vector , which is equivalent to applying linear transformation based on " one - hot " encoding of the discrete symbols . despite its simplicity , such approach yields number of parameters that grows linearly with the vocabulary s ←
→ copa : constrained parafac2 for sparse & large datasets ; parafac2 has demonstrated success in modeling irregular tensors , where the tensor dimensions vary across one of the modes . an example scenario is jointly modeling treatments across a set of patients with varying number of medical encounters , where the alignment of events in time bears no clinical meaning , and it may also be impossible to align them due to their varying length . despite recent improvements on scaling up unconstrained parafac2 , its model ←
→ hybridized feature extraction and acoustic modelling approach for dysarthric speech recognition ; dysarthria is malfunctioning of motor speech caused by faintness in the human nervous system . it is characterized by the slurred speech along with physical impairment which restricts their communication and creates the lack of confidence and affects the lifestyle . this paper attempt to increase the efficiency of automatic speech recognition ( asr ) system for unimpaired speech signal . it describes state of art ←
→ a novel sparsity and clustering regularization ; we propose a novel sparsity and clustering ( sparc ) regularizer , which is a modified version of the previous octagonal shrinkage and clustering algorithm for regression ( oscar ), where , the proposed regularizer consists of a $ k $- sparse constraint and a pair - wise $\ ell_ {\ infty }$ norm restricted on the $ k $ largest components in magnitude . the proposed regularizer is able to separably enforce $ k $- sparsity and encourage the non - zeros to be equal in magnitude . moreo ←
→ guided optical flow learning ; we study the unsupervised learning of cnns for optical flow estimation using proxy ground truth data . supervised cnns , due to their immense learning capacity , have shown superior performance on a range of computer vision problems including optical flow prediction . they however require the ground truth flow which is usually not accessible except on limited synthetic data . without the guidance of ground truth optical flow , unsupervised cnns often perform worse as they are natura ←
→ orgb : offset correction in rgb color space for illumination - robust image processing ; single materials have colors which form straight lines in rgb space . however , in severe shadow cases , those lines do not intersect the origin , which is inconsistent with the description of most literature . this paper is concerned with the detection and correction of the offset between the intersection and origin . first , we analyze the reason for forming that offset via an optical imaging model . second , we present a simpl ←
→ deep semantic ranking based hashing for multi - label image retrieval ; with the rapid growth of web images , hashing has received increasing interests in large scale image retrieval . research efforts have been devoted to learning compact binary codes that preserve semantic similarity based on labels . however , most of these hashing methods are designed to handle simple binary similarity . the complex multilevel semantic structure of images associated with multiple labels have not yet been well explored . here we ←
→ boosting in the presence of outliers : adaptive classification with non - convex loss functions ; this paper examines the role and efficiency of the non - convex loss functions for binary classification problems . in particular , we investigate how to design a simple and effective boosting algorithm that is robust to the outliers in the data . the analysis of the role of a particular non - convex loss for prediction accuracy varies depending on the diminishing tail properties of the gradient of the loss -- the abil ←
→ pseudo mask augmented object detection ; in this work , we present a novel and effective framework to facilitate object detection with the instance - level segmentation information that is only supervised by bounding box annotation . starting from the joint object detection and instance segmentation network , we propose to recursively estimate the pseudo ground - truth object masks from the instance - level object segmentation network training , and then enhance the detection network with top - down segmentation feedba ←
→ text - mining the neurosynth corpus using deep boltzmann machines ; large - scale automated meta - analysis of neuroimaging data has recently established itself as an important tool in advancing our understanding of human brain function . this research has been pioneered by neurosynth , a database collecting both brain activation coordinates and associated text across a large cohort of neuroimaging research papers . one of the fundamental aspects of such meta - analysis is text - mining . to date , word counts and more so ←
→ an htm based cortical algorithm for detection of seismic waves ; recognizing seismic waves immediately is very important for the realization of efficient disaster prevention . generally these systems consist of a network of seismic detectors that send real time data to a central server . the server elaborates the data and attempts to recognize the first signs of an earthquake . the current problem with this approach is that it is subject to false alarms . a critical trade - off exists between sensitivity of the s ←
→ accelerated primal - dual policy optimization for safe reinforcement learning ; constrained markov decision process ( cmdp ) is a natural framework for reinforcement learning tasks with safety constraints , where agents learn a policy that maximizes the long - term reward while satisfying the constraints on the long - term cost . a canonical approach for solving cmdps is the primal - dual method which updates parameters in primal and dual spaces in turn . existing methods for cmdps only use on - policy data for dual upd ←
→ network plasticity as bayesian inference ; general results from statistical learning theory suggest to understand not only brain computations , but also brain plasticity as probabilistic inference . but a model for that has been missing . we propose that inherently stochastic features of synaptic plasticity and spine motility enable cortical networks of neurons to carry out probabilistic inference by sampling from a posterior distribution of network configurations . this model provides a viable alternative to e ←
→ streamlined deployment for quantized neural networks ; running deep neural network ( dnn ) models on devices with limited computational capability is a challenge due to large compute and memory requirements . quantized neural networks ( qnns ) have emerged as a potential solution to this problem , promising to offer most of the dnn accuracy benefits with much lower computational cost . however , harvesting these benefits on existing mobile cpus is a challenge since operations on highly quantized datatypes are not n ←
→ optimal binary autoencoding with pairwise correlations ; we formulate learning of a binary autoencoder as a biconvex optimization problem which learns from the pairwise correlations between encoded and decoded bits . among all possible algorithms that use this information , ours finds the autoencoder that reconstructs its inputs with worst - case optimal loss . the optimal decoder is a single layer of artificial neurons , emerging entirely from the minimax loss minimization , and with weights learned by convex opt ←
→ weakly supervised dense video captioning ; this paper focuses on a novel and challenging vision task , dense video captioning , which aims to automatically describe a video clip with multiple informative and diverse caption sentences . the proposed method is trained without explicit annotation of fine - grained sentence to video region - sequence correspondence , but is only based on weak video - level sentence annotations . it differs from existing video captioning systems in three technical aspects . first , we propos ←
→ polynomial - based rotation invariant features ; one of basic difficulties of machine learning is handling unknown rotations of objects , for example in image recognition . a related problem is evaluation of similarity of shapes , for example of two chemical molecules , for which direct approach requires costly pairwise rotation alignment and comparison . rotation invariants are useful tools for such purposes , allowing to extract features describing shape up to rotation , which can be used for example to search for ←
→ context - aware cnns for person head detection ; person detection is a key problem for many computer vision tasks . while face detection has reached maturity , detecting people under a full variation of camera view - points , human poses , lighting conditions and occlusions is still a difficult challenge . in this work we focus on detecting human heads in natural scenes . starting from the recent local r - cnn object detector , we extend it with two types of contextual cues . first , we leverage person - scene relations and ←
→ pedestrian detection aided by deep learning semantic tasks ; deep learning methods have achieved great success in pedestrian detection , owing to its ability to learn features from raw pixels . however , they mainly capture middle - level representations , such as pose of pedestrian , but confuse positive with hard negative samples , which have large ambiguity , e . g . the shape and appearance of ` tree trunk ' or ` wire pole ' are similar to pedestrian in certain viewpoint . this ambiguity can be distinguished by high - lev ←
→ towards precision of probabilistic bounds propagation ; the duck - calculus presented here is a recent approach to cope with probabilistic uncertainty in a sound and efficient way . uncertain rules with bounds for probabilities and explicit conditional independences can be maintained incrementally . the basic inference mechanism relies on local bounds propagation , implementable by deductive databases with a bottom - up fixpoint evaluation . in situations , where no precise bounds are deducible , it can be combined w ←
→ inducing distant supervision in suggestion mining through part - of - speech embeddings ; mining suggestion expressing sentences from a given text is a less investigated sentence classification task , and therefore lacks hand labeled benchmark datasets . in this work , we propose and evaluate two approaches for distant supervision in suggestion mining . the distant supervision is obtained through a large silver standard dataset , constructed using the text from wikihow and wikipedia . both the approaches use a lstm ←
→ removal of batch effects using distribution - matching residual networks ; sources of variability in experimentally derived data include measurement error in addition to the physical phenomena of interest . this measurement error is a combination of systematic components , originating from the measuring instrument , and random measurement errors . several novel biological technologies , such as mass cytometry and single - cell rna - seq , are plagued with systematic errors that may severely affect statistical analysis ←
→ modality - dependent cross - media retrieval ; in this paper , we investigate the cross - media retrieval between images and text , i . e ., using image to search text ( i2t ) and using text to search images ( t2i ). existing cross - media retrieval methods usually learn one couple of projections , by which the original features of images and text can be projected into a common latent space to measure the content similarity . however , using the same projections for the two different retrieval tasks ( i2t and t2i ) may lead to a ←
→ toward game level generation from gameplay videos ; algorithms that generate computer game content require game design knowledge . we present an approach to automatically learn game design knowledge for level design from gameplay videos . we further demonstrate how the acquired design knowledge can be used to generate sections of game levels . our approach involves parsing video of people playing a game to detect the appearance of patterns of sprites and utilizing machine learning to build a probabilistic mode ←
→ face2text : collecting an annotated image description corpus for the generation of rich face descriptions ; the past few years have witnessed renewed interest in nlp tasks at the interface between vision and language . one intensively - studied problem is that of automatically generating text from images . in this paper , we extend this problem to the more specific domain of face description . unlike scene descriptions , face descriptions are more fine - grained and rely on attributes extracted from the image , rath ←
→ generative openmax for multi - class open set classification ; we present a conceptually new and flexible method for multi - class open set classification . unlike previous methods where unknown classes are inferred with respect to the feature or decision distance to the known classes , our approach is able to provide explicit modelling and decision score for unknown classes . the proposed method , called gener - ative openmax ( g - openmax ), extends openmax by employing generative adversarial networks ( gans ) for novel ←
→ maximum likelihood latent space embedding of logistic random dot product graphs ; a latent space model for a family of random graphs assigns real - valued vectors to nodes of the graph such that edge probabilities are determined by latent positions . latent space models provide a natural statistical framework for graph visualizing and clustering . a latent space model of particular interest is the random dot product graph ( rdpg ), which can be fit using an efficient spectral method ; however , this method is bas ←
→ fused multiple graphical lasso ; in this paper , we consider the problem of estimating multiple graphical models simultaneously using the fused lasso penalty , which encourages adjacent graphs to share similar structures . a motivating example is the analysis of brain networks of alzheimer ' s disease using neuroimaging data . specifically , we may wish to estimate a brain network for the normal controls ( nc ), a brain network for the patients with mild cognitive impairment ( mci ), and a brain network for alzheimer '←
→ tableaux for the lambek - grishin calculus ; categorial type logics , pioneered by lambek , seek a proof - theoretic understanding of natural language syntax by identifying categories with formulas and derivations with proofs . we typically observe an intuitionistic bias : a structural configuration of hypotheses ( a constituent ) derives a single conclusion ( the category assigned to it ). acting upon suggestions of grishin to dualize the logical vocabulary , moortgat proposed the lambek - grishin calculus ( lg ) with the ←
→ antiplag : plagiarism detection on electronic submissions of text based assignments ; plagiarism is one of the growing issues in academia and is always a concern in universities and other academic institutions . the situation is becoming even worse with the availability of ample resources on the web . this paper focuses on creating an effective and fast tool for plagiarism detection for text based electronic assignments . our plagiarism detection tool named antiplag is developed using the tri - gram sequence ma ←
→ entity type recognition using an ensemble of distributional semantic models to enhance query understanding ; we present an ensemble approach for categorizing search query entities in the recruitment domain . understanding the types of entities expressed in a search query ( company , skill , job title , etc .) enables more intelligent information retrieval based upon those entities compared to a traditional keyword - based search . because search queries are typically very short , leveraging a traditional bag - of - wor ←
→ fine - grained recognition in the wild : a multi - task domain adaptation approach ; while fine - grained object recognition is an important problem in computer vision , current models are unlikely to accurately classify objects in the wild . these fully supervised models need additional annotated images to classify objects in every new scenario , a task that is infeasible . however , sources such as e - commerce websites and field guides provide annotated images for many classes . in this work , we study fine - grained do ←
→ fado : a deterministic detection / learning algorithm ; this paper proposes and studies a detection technique for adversarial scenarios ( dubbed deterministic detection ). this technique provides an alternative detection methodology in case the usual stochastic methods are not applicable : this can be because the studied phenomenon does not follow a stochastic sampling scheme , samples are high - dimensional and subsequent multiple - testing corrections render results overly conservative , sample sizes are too low for ←
→ solar power plant detection on multi - spectral satellite imagery using weakly - supervised cnn with feedback features and m - pcnn fusion ; most of the traditional convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) implements bottom - up approach ( feed - forward ) for image classifications . however , many scientific studies demonstrate that visual perception in primates rely on both bottom - up and top - down connections . therefore , in this work , we propose a cnn network with feedback structure for solar power plant detection on midd ←
→ ldmnet : low dimensional manifold regularized neural networks ; deep neural networks have proved very successful on archetypal tasks for which large training sets are available , but when the training data are scarce , their performance suffers from overfitting . many existing methods of reducing overfitting are data - independent , and their efficacy is often limited when the training set is very small . data - dependent regularizations are mostly motivated by the observation that data of interest lie close to a man ←
→ learning distributed word representations for natural logic reasoning ; natural logic offers a powerful relational conception of meaning that is a natural counterpart to distributed semantic representations , which have proven valuable in a wide range of sophisticated language tasks . however , it remains an open question whether it is possible to train distributed representations to support the rich , diverse logical reasoning captured by natural logic . we address this question using two neural network - based m ←
→ latent sequence decompositions ; we present the latent sequence decompositions ( lsd ) framework . lsd decomposes sequences with variable lengthed output units as a function of both the input sequence and the output sequence . we present a training algorithm which samples valid extensions and an approximate decoding algorithm . we experiment with the wall street journal speech recognition task . our lsd model achieves 12 . 9 % wer compared to a character baseline of 14 . 8 % wer . when combined with a convolutional netw ←
→ search space analysis with wang - landau sampling and slow adaptive walks ; two complementary techniques for analyzing search spaces are proposed : ( i ) an algorithm to detect search points with potential to be local optima ; and ( ii ) a slightly adjusted wang - landau sampling algorithm to explore larger search spaces . the detection algorithm assumes that local optima are points which are easier to reach and harder to leave by a slow adaptive walker . a slow adaptive walker moves to a nearest fitter point . thus , po ←
→ philosophy in the face of artificial intelligence ; in this article , i discuss how the ai community views concerns about the emergence of superintelligent ai and related philosophical issues .←
→ conll - sigmorphon 2017 shared task : universal morphological reinflection in 52 languages ; the conll - sigmorphon 2017 shared task on supervised morphological generation required systems to be trained and tested in each of 52 typologically diverse languages . in sub - task 1 , submitted systems were asked to predict a specific inflected form of a given lemma . in sub - task 2 , systems were given a lemma and some of its specific inflected forms , and asked to complete the inflectional paradigm by predicting all of th ←
→ dynamic parallel and distributed graph cuts ; graph - cuts are widely used in computer vision . in order to speed up the optimization process and improve the scalability for large graphs , strandmark and kahl introduced a splitting method to split a graph into multiple subgraphs for parallel computation in both shared and distributed memory models . however , this parallel algorithm ( parallel bk - algorithm ) does not have a polynomial bound on the number of iterations and is found non - convergent in some cases due t ←
→ neural multi - atlas label fusion : application to cardiac mr images ; multi - atlas segmentation approach is one of the most widely - used image segmentation techniques in biomedical applications . there are two major challenges in this category of methods , i . e ., atlas selection and label fusion . in this paper , we propose a novel multi - atlas segmentation method that formulates multi - atlas segmentation in a deep learning framework for better solving these challenges . the proposed method , dubbed deep fusion net ( dfn ←
→ invariant scattering convolution networks ; a wavelet scattering network computes a translation invariant image representation , which is stable to deformations and preserves high frequency information for classification . it cascades wavelet transform convolutions with non - linear modulus and averaging operators . the first network layer outputs sift - type descriptors whereas the next layers provide complementary invariant information which improves classification . the mathematical analysis of wavelet scatterin ←
→ a preliminary survey on optimized multiobjective metaheuristic methods for data clustering using evolutionary approaches ; the present survey provides the state - of - the - art of research , copiously devoted to evolutionary approach ( eas ) for clustering exemplified with a diversity of evolutionary computations . the survey provides a nomenclature that highlights some aspects that are very important in the context of evolutionary data clustering . the paper missions the clustering trade - offs branched out with wid ←
→ the meaning - frequency law in zipfian optimization models of communication ; according to zipf ' s meaning - frequency law , words that are more frequent tend to have more meanings . here it is shown that a linear dependency between the frequency of a form and its number of meanings is found in a family of models of zipf ' s law for word frequencies . this is evidence for a weak version of the meaning - frequency law . interestingly , that weak law ( a ) is not an inevitable of property of the assumptions of the family a ←
→ generating functionals for computational intelligence : the fisher information as an objective function for self - limiting hebbian learning rules ; generating functionals may guide the evolution of a dynamical system and constitute a possible route for handling the complexity of neural networks as relevant for computational intelligence . we propose and explore a new objective function , which allows to obtain plasticity rules for the afferent synaptic weights . the adaption rules are hebbian , self - limiting , a ←
→ consid { é } rant la d { é } pendance dans la th { é } orie des fonctions de croyance ; in this paper , we propose to learn sources independence in order to choose the appropriate type of combination rules when aggregating their beliefs . some combination rules are used with the assumption of their sources independence whereas others combine beliefs of dependent sources . therefore , the choice of the combination rule depends on the independence of sources involved in the combination . in this paper , we propose also a mea ←
→ deepfuse : a deep unsupervised approach for exposure fusion with extreme exposure image pairs ; we present a novel deep learning architecture for fusing static multi - exposure images . current multi - exposure fusion ( mef ) approaches use hand - crafted features to fuse input sequence . however , the weak hand - crafted representations are not robust to varying input conditions . moreover , they perform poorly for extreme exposure image pairs . thus , it is highly desirable to have a method that is robust to varying inpu ←
→ fuzzy approach topic discovery in health and medical corpora ; the majority of medical documents and electronic health records ( ehrs ) are in text format that poses a challenge for data processing and finding relevant documents . looking for ways to automatically retrieve the enormous amount of health and medical knowledge has always been an intriguing topic . powerful methods have been developed in recent years to make the text processing automatic . one of the popular approaches to retrieve information based ←
→ measurement context extraction from text : discovering opportunities and gaps in earth science ; we propose marve , a system for extracting measurement values , units , and related words from natural language text . marve uses conditional random fields ( crf ) to identify measurement values and units , followed by a rule - based system to find related entities , descriptors and modifiers within a sentence . sentence tokens are represented by an undirected graphical model , and rules are based on part - of - speech and wor ←
→ near - optimal coresets for least - squares regression ; we study ( constrained ) least - squares regression as well as multiple response least - squares regression and ask the question of whether a subset of the data , a coreset , suffices to compute a good approximate solution to the regression . we give deterministic , low order polynomial - time algorithms to construct such coresets with approximation guarantees , together with lower bounds indicating that there is not much room for improvement upon our results .←
→ a survey of multithreading image analysis ; digital image analysis has made a big advance in many areas of enterprise applications including medicine , industry , and entertainment by assisting the extraction of semantic information from digital images . however , its large computational complexity has been a trouble to most real - time developments . while image analysis in general has been studied for a log period in computer science community , the use of multithreading strategy as the most efficient improving c ←
→ augmenting supervised emotion recognition with rule - based decision model ; the aim of this research is development of rule based decision model for emotion recognition . this research also proposes using the rules for augmenting inter - corporal recognition accuracy in multimodal systems that use supervised learning techniques . the classifiers for such learning based recognition systems are susceptible to over fitting and only perform well on intra - corporal data . to overcome the limitation this research propos ←
→ context - aware learning for finite mixture models ; this work introduces algorithms able to exploit contextual information in order to improve maximum - likelihood ( ml ) parameter estimation in finite mixture models ( fmm ), demonstrating their benefits and properties in several scenarios . the proposed algorithms are derived in a probabilistic framework with regard to situations where the regular fmm graphs can be extended with context - related variables , respecting the standard expectation - maximization ( em ) metho ←
→ modeling language change in historical corpora : the case of portuguese ; this paper presents a number of experiments to model changes in a historical portuguese corpus composed of literary texts for the purpose of temporal text classification . algorithms were trained to classify texts with respect to their publication date taking into account lexical variation represented as word n - grams , and morphosyntactic variation represented by part - of - speech ( pos ) distribution . we report results of 99 . 8 % accuracy usin ←
→ out - of - focus blur : image de - blurring ; image de - blurring is important in many cases of imaging a real scene or object by a camera . this project focuses on de - blurring an image distorted by an out - of - focus blur through a simulation study . a pseudo - inverse filter is first explored but it fails because of severe noise amplification . then tikhonov regularization methods are employed , which produce greatly improved results compared to the pseudo - inverse filter . in tikhonov regularization , the choice of the regul ←
→ fuzzy logic classification of imaging laser desorption fourier transform mass spectrometry data ; a fuzzy logic based classification engine has been developed for classifying mass spectra obtained with an imaging internal source fourier transform mass spectrometer ( i ^ 2ld - ftms ). traditionally , an operator uses the relative abundance of ions with specific mass - to - charge ( m / z ) ratios to categorize spectra . an operator does this by comparing the spectrum of m / z versus abundance of an unknown sample against a ←
→ rethinking generalization requires revisiting old ideas : statistical mechanics approaches and complex learning behavior ; we describe an approach to understand the peculiar and counterintuitive generalization properties of deep neural networks . the approach involves going beyond worst - case theoretical capacity control frameworks that have been popular in machine learning in recent years to revisit old ideas in the statistical mechanics of neural networks . within this approach , we present a prototypical ve ←
→ task - oriented learning of word embeddings for semantic relation classification ; we present a novel learning method for word embeddings designed for relation classification . our word embeddings are trained by predicting words between noun pairs using lexical relation - specific features on a large unlabeled corpus . this allows us to explicitly incorporate relation - specific information into the word embeddings . the learned word embeddings are then used to construct feature vectors for a relation classificati ←
→ learning with abandonment ; consider a platform that wants to learn a personalized policy for each user , but the platform faces the risk of a user abandoning the platform if she is dissatisfied with the actions of the platform . for example , a platform is interested in personalizing the number of newsletters it sends , but faces the risk that the user unsubscribes forever . we propose a general thresholded learning model for scenarios like this , and discuss the structure of optimal policies . we describe salien ←
→ logic - based clustering and learning for time - series data ; to effectively analyze and design cyberphysical systems ( cps ), designers today have to combat the data deluge problem , i . e ., the burden of processing intractably large amounts of data produced by complex models and experiments . in this work , we utilize monotonic parametric signal temporal logic ( pstl ) to design features for unsupervised classification of time series data . this enables using off - the - shelf machine learning tools to automatically clust ←
→ temporal plannability by variance of the episode length ; optimization of decision problems in stochastic environments is usually concerned with maximizing the probability of achieving the goal and minimizing the expected episode length . for interacting agents in time - critical applications , learning of the possibility of scheduling of subtasks ( events ) or the full task is an additional relevant issue . besides , there exist highly stochastic problems where the actual trajectories show great variety from episo ←
→ hfl - rc system at semeval - 2018 task 11 : hybrid multi - aspects model for commonsense reading comprehension ; this paper describes the system which got the state - of - the - art results at semeval - 2018 task 11 : machine comprehension using commonsense knowledge . in this paper , we present a neural network called hybrid multi - aspects ( hma ) model , which mimic the human ' s intuitions on dealing with the multiple - choice reading comprehension . in this model , we aim to produce the predictions in multiple aspects by calcula ←
→ spectral norm regularization for improving the generalizability of deep learning ; we investigate the generalizability of deep learning based on the sensitivity to input perturbation . we hypothesize that the high sensitivity to the perturbation of data degrades the performance on it . to reduce the sensitivity to perturbation , we propose a simple and effective regularization method , referred to as spectral norm regularization , which penalizes the high spectral norm of weight matrices in neural networks . we ←
→ toward continual learning for conversational agents ; while end - to - end neural conversation models have led to promising advances in reducing hand - crafted features and errors induced by the traditional complex system architecture , they typically require an enormous amount of data due to the lack of modularity . previous studies adopted a hybrid approach with knowledge - based components either to abstract out domain - specific information or to augment data to cover more diverse patterns . on the contrary , we prop ←
→ exploring phrase - compositionality in skip - gram models ; in this paper , we introduce a variation of the skip - gram model which jointly learns distributed word vector representations and their way of composing to form phrase embeddings . in particular , we propose a learning procedure that incorporates a phrase - compositionality function which can capture how we want to compose phrases vectors from their component word vectors . our experiments show improvement in word and phrase similarity tasks as well as syntac ←
→ decision lists for lexical ambiguity resolution : application to accent restoration in spanish and french ; this paper presents a statistical decision procedure for lexical ambiguity resolution . the algorithm exploits both local syntactic patterns and more distant collocational evidence , generating an efficient , effective , and highly perspicuous recipe for resolving a given ambiguity . by identifying and utilizing only the single best disambiguating evidence in a target context , the algorithm avoids the pro ←
→ multi - view active learning in the non - realizable case ; the sample complexity of active learning under the realizability assumption has been well - studied . the realizability assumption , however , rarely holds in practice . in this paper , we theoretically characterize the sample complexity of active learning in the non - realizable case under multi - view setting . we prove that , with unbounded tsybakov noise , the sample complexity of multi - view active learning can be $\ widetilde { o }(\ log \ frac { 1 }{\ epsilon })$, contras ←
→ frank - wolfe algorithms for saddle point problems ; we extend the frank - wolfe ( fw ) optimization algorithm to solve constrained smooth convex - concave saddle point ( sp ) problems . remarkably , the method only requires access to linear minimization oracles . leveraging recent advances in fw optimization , we provide the first proof of convergence of a fw - type saddle point solver over polytopes , thereby partially answering a 30 year - old conjecture . we also survey other convergence results and highlight gaps in the t ←
→ unmixing urban hyperspectral imagery with a gaussian mixture model on endmember variability ; in this paper , we model a pixel as a linear combination of endmembers sampled from probability distributions of gaussian mixture models ( gmm ). the parameters of the gmm distributions are estimated using spectral libraries . abundances are estimated based on the distribution parameters . the advantage of this algorithm is that the model size grows very slowly as a function of the library size . to validate this metho ←
→ face shape and reflectance acquisition using a multispectral light stage ; in this thesis , we discuss the design and calibration ( geometric and radiometric ) of a novel shape and reflectance acquisition device called the " multispectral light stage ". this device can capture highly detailed facial geometry ( down to the level of skin pores detail ) and multispectral reflectance map which can be used to estimate biophysical skin parameters such as the distribution of pigmentation and blood beneath the surface of ←
→ employing weak annotations for medical image analysis problems ; to efficiently establish training databases for machine learning methods , collaborative and crowdsourcing platforms have been investigated to collectively tackle the annotation effort . however , when this concept is ported to the medical imaging domain , reading expertise will have a direct impact on the annotation accuracy . in this study , we examine the impact of expertise and the amount of available annotations on the accuracy outcome of a liv ←
→ gaussian process models with parallelization and gpu acceleration ; in this work , we present an extension of gaussian process ( gp ) models with sophisticated parallelization and gpu acceleration . the parallelization scheme arises naturally from the modular computational structure w . r . t . datapoints in the sparse gaussian process formulation . additionally , the computational bottleneck is implemented with gpu acceleration for further speed up . combining both techniques allows applying gaussian process models to ←
→ sequential person recognition in photo albums with a recurrent network ; recognizing the identities of people in everyday photos is still a very challenging problem for machine vision , due to non - frontal faces , changes in clothing , location , lighting and similar . recent studies have shown that rich relational information between people in the same photo can help in recognizing their identities . in this work , we propose to model the relational information between people as a sequence prediction task . at the ←
→ bayesian optimization for synthetic gene design ; we address the problem of synthetic gene design using bayesian optimization . the main issue when designing a gene is that the design space is defined in terms of long strings of characters of different lengths , which renders the optimization intractable . we propose a three - step approach to deal with this issue . first , we use a gaussian process model to emulate the behavior of the cell . as inputs of the model , we use a set of biologically meaningful gene feat ←
→ unsupervised semantic action discovery from video collections ; human communication takes many forms , including speech , text and instructional videos . it typically has an underlying structure , with a starting point , ending , and certain objective steps between them . in this paper , we consider instructional videos where there are tens of millions of them on the internet . we propose a method for parsing a video into such semantic steps in an unsupervised way . our method is capable of providing a semantic " st ←
→ a labeling - free approach to supervising deep neural networks for retinal blood vessel segmentation ; segmenting blood vessels in fundus imaging plays an important role in medical diagnosis . many algorithms have been proposed . while deep neural networks have been attracting enormous attention from computer vision community recent years and several novel works have been done in terms of its application in retinal blood vessel segmentation , most of them are based on supervised learning which requires amount ←
→ efficient natural language response suggestion for smart reply ; this paper presents a computationally efficient machine - learned method for natural language response suggestion . feed - forward neural networks using n - gram embedding features encode messages into vectors which are optimized to give message - response pairs a high dot - product value . an optimized search finds response suggestions . the method is evaluated in a large - scale commercial e - mail application , inbox by gmail . compared to a sequence - to - seque ←
→ convamr : abstract meaning representation parsing for legal document ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have recently achieved remarkable performance in a wide range of applications . in this research , we equip convolutional sequence - to - sequence ( seq2seq ) model with an efficient graph linearization technique for abstract meaning representation parsing . our linearization method is better than the prior method at signaling the turn of graph traveling . additionally , convolutional seq2seq model is more appropr ←
→ aspect - based sentiment analysis using a two - step neural network architecture ; the world wide web holds a wealth of information in the form of unstructured texts such as customer reviews for products , events and more . by extracting and analyzing the expressed opinions in customer reviews in a fine - grained way , valuable opportunities and insights for customers and businesses can be gained . we propose a neural network based system to address the task of aspect - based sentiment analysis to compete in task 2 o ←
→ self - calibration - based approach to critical motion sequences of rolling - shutter structure from motion ; in this paper we consider critical motion sequences ( cmss ) of rolling - shutter ( rs ) sfm . employing an rs camera model with linearized pure rotation , we show that the rs distortion can be approximately expressed by two internal parameters of an " imaginary " camera plus one - parameter nonlinear transformation similar to lens distortion . we then reformulate the problem as self - calibration of the imaginary cam ←
→ piggyback : adapting a single network to multiple tasks by learning to mask weights ; this work presents a method for adapting a single , fixed deep neural network to multiple tasks without affecting performance on already learned tasks . by building upon ideas from network quantization and pruning , we learn binary masks that piggyback on an existing network , or are applied to unmodified weights of that network to provide good performance on a new task . these masks are learned in an end - to - end differentiable ←
→ avoiding confusion between predictors and inhibitors in value function approximation ; in reinforcement learning , the goal is to seek rewards and avoid punishments . a simple scalar captures the value of a state or of taking an action , where expected future rewards increase and punishments decrease this quantity . naturally an agent should learn to predict this quantity to take beneficial actions , and many value function approximators exist for this purpose . in the present work , however , we show how value f ←
→ a bayesian perspective on generalization and stochastic gradient descent ; we consider two questions at the heart of machine learning ; how can we predict if a minimum will generalize to the test set , and why does stochastic gradient descent find minima that generalize well ? our work responds to zhang et al . ( 2016 ), who showed deep neural networks can easily memorize randomly labeled training data , despite generalizing well on real labels of the same inputs . we show that the same phenomenon occurs in small l ←
→ turkpf : turkontrol as a particle filter ; turkontrol , and algorithm presented in ( dai et al . 2010 ), uses a pomdp to model and control an iterative workflow for crowdsourced work . here , turkontrol is re - implemented as " turkpf ," which uses a particle filter to reduce computation time & memory usage . most importantly , in our experimental environment with default parameter settings , the action is chosen nearly instantaneously . through a series of experiments we see that turkpf and turkontrol perform similarly .←
→ an analysis of twitter messages in the 2011 tohoku earthquake ; social media such as facebook and twitter have proven to be a useful resource to understand public opinion towards real world events . in this paper , we investigate over 1 . 5 million twitter messages ( tweets ) for the period 9th march 2011 to 31st may 2011 in order to track awareness and anxiety levels in the tokyo metropolitan district to the 2011 tohoku earthquake and subsequent tsunami and nuclear emergencies . these three events were tracked us ←
→ end - to - end answer chunk extraction and ranking for reading comprehension ; this paper proposes dynamic chunk reader ( dcr ), an end - to - end neural reading comprehension ( rc ) model that is able to extract and rank a set of answer candidates from a given document to answer questions . dcr is able to predict answers of variable lengths , whereas previous neural rc models primarily focused on predicting single tokens or entities . dcr encodes a document and an input question with recurrent neural networks , and then a ←
→ decomposing overcomplete 3rd order tensors using sum - of - squares algorithms ; tensor rank and low - rank tensor decompositions have many applications in learning and complexity theory . most known algorithms use unfoldings of tensors and can only handle rank up to $ n ^{\ lfloor p / 2 \ rfloor }$ for a $ p $- th order tensor in $\ mathbb { r }^{ n ^ p }$. previously no efficient algorithm can decompose 3rd order tensors when the rank is super - linear in the dimension . using ideas from sum - of - squares hierarchy , we give the first ←
→ learning transformation rules to find grammatical relations ; grammatical relationships are an important level of natural language processing . we present a trainable approach to find these relationships through transformation sequences and error - driven learning . our approach finds grammatical relationships between core syntax groups and bypasses much of the parsing phase . on our training and test set , our procedure achieves 63 . 6 % recall and 77 . 3 % precision ( f - score = 69 . 8 ).←
→ animal classification system : a block based approach ; in this work , we propose a method for the classification of animal in images . initially , a graph cut based method is used to perform segmentation in order to eliminate the background from the given image . the segmented animal images are partitioned in to number of blocks and then the color texture moments are extracted from different blocks . probabilistic neural network and k - nearest neighbors are considered here for classification . to corroborate the e ←
→ outlier detection using distributionally robust optimization under the wasserstein metric ; we present a distributionally robust optimization ( dro ) approach to outlier detection in a linear regression setting , where the closeness of probability distributions is measured using the wasserstein metric . training samples contaminated with outliers skew the regression plane computed by least squares and thus impede outlier detection . classical approaches , such as robust regression , remedy this problem by downwe ←
→ group sparse regularization for deep neural networks ; in this paper , we consider the joint task of simultaneously optimizing ( i ) the weights of a deep neural network , ( ii ) the number of neurons for each hidden layer , and ( iii ) the subset of active input features ( i . e ., feature selection ). while these problems are generally dealt with separately , we present a simple regularized formulation allowing to solve all three of them in parallel , using standard optimization routines . specifically , we extend the grou ←
→ clustering with transitive distance and k - means duality ; recent spectral clustering methods are a propular and powerful technique for data clustering . these methods need to solve the eigenproblem whose computational complexity is $ o ( n ^ 3 )$, where $ n $ is the number of data samples . in this paper , a non - eigenproblem based clustering method is proposed to deal with the clustering problem . its performance is comparable to the spectral clustering algorithms but it is more efficient with computational complexity ←
→ a graph cut approach to 3d tree delineation , using integrated airborne lidar and hyperspectral imagery ; recognising individual trees within remotely sensed imagery has important applications in forest ecology and management . several algorithms for tree delineation have been suggested , mostly based on locating local maxima or inverted basins in raster canopy height models ( chms ) derived from light detection and ranging ( lidar ) data or photographs . however , these algorithms often lead to inaccurate estimat ←
→ living a discrete life in a continuous world : reference with distributed representations ; reference is a crucial property of language that allows us to connect linguistic expressions to the world . modeling it requires handling both continuous and discrete aspects of meaning . data - driven models excel at the former , but struggle with the latter , and the reverse is true for symbolic models . this paper ( a ) introduces a concrete referential task to test both aspects , called cross - modal entity tracking ; ( b ) ←
→ regularized optimal transport and the rot mover ' s distance ; this paper presents a unified framework for smooth convex regularization of discrete optimal transport problems . in this context , the regularized optimal transport turns out to be equivalent to a matrix nearness problem with respect to bregman divergences . our framework thus naturally generalizes a previously proposed regularization based on the boltzmann - shannon entropy related to the kullback - leibler divergence , and solved with the sinkhorn - knop ←
→ optimization of reliability of network of given connectivity using genetic algorithm ; reliability is one of the important measures of how well the system meets its design objective , and mathematically is the probability that a system will perform satisfactorily for at least a given period of time . when the system is described by a connected network of n components ( nodes ) and their l connection ( links ), the reliability of the system becomes a difficult network design problem which solutions are of great ←
→ fine - grained pose prediction , normalization , and recognition ; pose variation and subtle differences in appearance are key challenges to fine - grained classification . while deep networks have markedly improved general recognition , many approaches to fine - grained recognition rely on anchoring networks to parts for better accuracy . identifying parts to find correspondence discounts pose variation so that features can be tuned to appearance . to this end previous methods have examined how to find parts and extra ←
→ nonparametric relational topic models through dependent gamma processes ; traditional relational topic models provide a way to discover the hidden topics from a document network . many theoretical and practical tasks , such as dimensional reduction , document clustering , link prediction , benefit from this revealed knowledge . however , existing relational topic models are based on an assumption that the number of hidden topics is known in advance , and this is impractical in many real - world applications . therefor ←
→ programming in logic without logic programming ; in previous work , we proposed a logic - based framework in which computation is the execution of actions in an attempt to make reactive rules of the form if antecedent then consequent true in a canonical model of a logic program determined by an initial state , sequence of events , and the resulting sequence of subsequent states . in this model - theoretic semantics , reactive rules are the driving force , and logic programs play only a supporting role . in the canon ←
→ spiking analog vlsi neuron assemblies as constraint satisfaction problem solvers ; solving constraint satisfaction problems ( csps ) is a notoriously expensive computational task . recently , it has been proposed that efficient stochastic solvers can be obtained through appropriately configured spiking neural networks performing markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) sampling . the possibility to run such models on massively parallel , low - power neuromorphic hardware holds great promise ; however , previously proposed n ←
→ correntropy maximization via admm - application to robust hyperspectral unmixing ; in hyperspectral images , some spectral bands suffer from low signal - to - noise ratio due to noisy acquisition and atmospheric effects , thus requiring robust techniques for the unmixing problem . this paper presents a robust supervised spectral unmixing approach for hyperspectral images . the robustness is achieved by writing the unmixing problem as the maximization of the correntropy criterion subject to the most commonly used ←
→ rotation equivariant vector field networks ; in many computer vision tasks , we expect a particular behavior of the output with respect to rotations of the input image . if this relationship is explicitly encoded , instead of treated as any other variation , the complexity of the problem is decreased , leading to a reduction in the size of the required model . in this paper , we propose the rotation equivariant vector field networks ( roteqnet ), a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture encoding rotation eq ←
→ revisiting winner take all ( wta ) hashing for sparse datasets ; wta ( winner take all ) hashing has been successfully applied in many large scale vision applications . this hashing scheme was tailored to take advantage of the comparative reasoning ( or order based information ), which showed significant accuracy improvements . in this paper , we identify a subtle issue with wta , which grows with the sparsity of the datasets . this issue limits the discriminative power of wta . we then propose a solution for this prob ←
→ whale optimization based energy - efficient cluster head selection algorithm for wireless sensor networks ; wireless sensor network ( wsn ) consists of many individual sensors that are deployed in the area of interest . these sensor nodes have major energy constraints as they are small and their battery can ' t be replaced . they collaborate together in order to gather , transmit and forward the sensed data to the base station . consequently , data transmission is one of the biggest reasons for energy depletion in w ←
→ a distributed ai aided 3d domino game ; in the article a turn - based game played on four computers connected via network is investigated . there are three computers with natural intelligence and one with artificial intelligence . game table is seen by each player ' s own view point in all players ' monitors . domino pieces are three dimensional . for distributed systems tcp / ip protocol is used . in order to get 3d image , microsoft xna technology is applied . domino 101 game is nondeterministic game that is result of ←
→ the causal role of astrocytes in slow - wave rhythmogenesis : a computational modelling study ; finding the origin of slow and infra - slow oscillations could reveal or explain brain mechanisms in health and disease . here , we present a biophysically constrained computational model of a neural network where the inclusion of astrocytes introduced slow and infra - slow - oscillations , through two distinct mechanisms . specifically , we show how astrocytes can modulate the fast network activity through their slow inter -←
→ zero - shot learning - the good , the bad and the ugly ; due to the importance of zero - shot learning , the number of proposed approaches has increased steadily recently . we argue that it is time to take a step back and to analyze the status quo of the area . the purpose of this paper is three - fold . first , given the fact that there is no agreed upon zero - shot learning benchmark , we first define a new benchmark by unifying both the evaluation protocols and data splits . this is an important contribution as publishe ←
→ deep exemplar 2d - 3d detection by adapting from real to rendered views ; this paper presents an end - to - end convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for 2d - 3d exemplar detection . we demonstrate that the ability to adapt the features of natural images to better align with those of cad rendered views is critical to the success of our technique . we show that the adaptation can be learned by compositing rendered views of textured object models on natural images . our approach can be naturally incorporated into a cnn det ←
→ an application of backpropagation artificial neural network method for measuring the severity of osteoarthritis ; the examination of osteoarthritis disease through x - ray by rheumatology can be classified into four grade of severity . this paper discusses about the application of artificial neural network backpropagation method for measuring the severity of the disease , where the observed x - ray range from wrist to fingers . the main procedures of system in this paper is divided into three , which are image pr ←
→ a baseline for detecting misclassified and out - of - distribution examples in neural networks ; we consider the two related problems of detecting if an example is misclassified or out - of - distribution . we present a simple baseline that utilizes probabilities from softmax distributions . correctly classified examples tend to have greater maximum softmax probabilities than erroneously classified and out - of - distribution examples , allowing for their detection . we assess performance by defining several tasks in com ←
→ hybrid generative / discriminative learning for automatic image annotation ; automatic image annotation ( aia ) raises tremendous challenges to machine learning as it requires modeling of data that are both ambiguous in input and output , e . g ., images containing multiple objects and labeled with multiple semantic tags . even more challenging is that the number of candidate tags is usually huge ( as large as the vocabulary size ) yet each image is only related to a few of them . this paper presents a hybrid generativ ←
→ koniq - 10k : towards an ecologically valid and large - scale iqa database ; the main challenge in applying state - of - the - art deep learning methods to predict image quality in - the - wild is the relatively small size of existing quality scored datasets . the reason for the lack of larger datasets is the massive resources required in generating diverse and publishable content . we present a new systematic and scalable approach to create large - scale , authentic and diverse image datasets for image quality assessment ( iqa ←
→ structure - aware and temporally coherent 3d human pose estimation ; deep learning methods for 3d human pose estimation from rgb images require a huge amount of domain - specific labeled data for good in - the - wild performance . however , obtaining annotated 3d pose data requires a complex motion capture setup which is generally limited to controlled settings . we propose a semi - supervised learning method using a structure - aware loss function which is able to utilize abundant 2d data to learn 3d information . further ←
→ biospaun : a large - scale behaving brain model with complex neurons ; we describe a large - scale functional brain model that includes detailed , conductance - based , compartmental models of individual neurons . we call the model biospaun , to indicate the increased biological plausibility of these neurons , and because it is a direct extension of the spaun model \ cite { eliasmith2012b }. we demonstrate that including these detailed compartmental models does not adversely affect performance across a variety of tasks , in ←
→ threshold disorder as a source of diverse and complex behavior in random nets ; we study the diversity of complex spatio - temporal patterns in the behavior of random synchronous asymmetric neural networks ( rsanns ). special attention is given to the impact of disordered threshold values on limit - cycle diversity and limit - cycle complexity in rsanns which have ` normal ' thresholds by default . surprisingly , rsanns exhibit only a small repertoire of rather complex limit - cycle patterns when all parameters are fix ←
→ analog readout for optical reservoir computers ; reservoir computing is a new , powerful and flexible machine learning technique that is easily implemented in hardware . recently , by using a time - multiplexed architecture , hardware reservoir computers have reached performance comparable to digital implementations . operating speeds allowing for real time information operation have been reached using optoelectronic systems . at present the main performance bottleneck is the readout layer which uses slow , digital ←
→ decoding beta - decay systematics : a global statistical model for beta ^- halflives ; statistical modeling of nuclear data provides a novel approach to nuclear systematics complementary to established theoretical and phenomenological approaches based on quantum theory . continuing previous studies in which global statistical modeling is pursued within the general framework of machine learning theory , we implement advances in training algorithms designed to improved generalization , in application to the proble ←
→ is margin preserved after random projection ? ; random projections have been applied in many machine learning algorithms . however , whether margin is preserved after random projection is non - trivial and not well studied . in this paper we analyse margin distortion after random projection , and give the conditions of margin preservation for binary classification problems . we also extend our analysis to margin for multiclass problems , and provide theoretical bounds on multiclass margin on the projected data .←
→ deep semantic abstractions of everyday human activities : on commonsense representations of human interactions ; we propose a deep semantic characterization of space and motion categorically from the viewpoint of grounding embodied human - object interactions . our key focus is on an ontological model that would be adept to formalisation from the viewpoint of commonsense knowledge representation , relational learning , and qualitative reasoning about space and motion in cognitive robotics settings . we demonstra ←
→ probabilistic causal reasoning ; predicting the future is an important component of decision making . in most situations , however , there is not enough information to make accurate predictions . in this paper , we develop a theory of causal reasoning for predictive inference under uncertainty . we emphasize a common type of prediction that involves reasoning about persistence : whether or not a proposition once made true remains true at some later time . we provide a decision procedure with a polynomial - time algor ←
→ toward supervised anomaly detection ; anomaly detection is being regarded as an unsupervised learning task as anomalies stem from adversarial or unlikely events with unknown distributions . however , the predictive performance of purely unsupervised anomaly detection often fails to match the required detection rates in many tasks and there exists a need for labeled data to guide the model generation . our first contribution shows that classical semi - supervised approaches , originating from a supervised classifi ←
→ joint voxel and coordinate regression for accurate 3d facial landmark localization ; 3d face shape is more expressive and viewpoint - consistent than its 2d counterpart . however , 3d facial landmark localization in a single image is challenging due to the ambiguous nature of landmarks under 3d perspective . existing approaches typically adopt a suboptimal two - step strategy , performing 2d landmark localization followed by depth estimation . in this paper , we propose the joint voxel and coordinate regression ( jv ←
→ an efficient sat formulation for learning multiple criteria non - compensatory sorting rules from examples ; the literature on multiple criteria decision analysis ( mcda ) proposes several methods in order to sort alternatives evaluated on several attributes into ordered classes . non compensatory sorting models ( ncs ) assign alternatives to classes based on the way they compare to multicriteria profiles separating the consecutive classes . previous works have proposed approaches to learn the parameters of a ncs ←
→ gakco : a fast gapped k - mer string kernel using counting ; string kernel ( sk ) techniques , especially those using gapped $ k $- mers as features ( gk ), have obtained great success in classifying sequences like dna , protein , and text . however , the state - of - the - art gk - sk runs extremely slow when we increase the dictionary size ($\ sigma $) or allow more mismatches ($ m $). this is because current gk - sk uses a trie - based algorithm to calculate co - occurrence of mismatched substrings resulting in a time cost proportional ←
→ joint denoising and distortion correction of atomic scale scanning transmission electron microscopy images ; nowadays , modern electron microscopes deliver images at atomic scale . the precise atomic structure encodes information about material properties . thus , an important ingredient in the image analysis is to locate the centers of the atoms shown in micrographs as precisely as possible . here , we consider scanning transmission electron microscopy ( stem ), which acquires data in a rastering pattern , pixel ←
→ n - norm and n - conorm in neutrosophic logic and set , and the neutrosophic topologies ; in this paper we present the n - norms / n - conorms in neutrosophic logic and set as extensions of t - norms / t - conorms in fuzzy logic and set . also , as an extension of the intuitionistic fuzzy topology we present the neutrosophic topologies .←
→ shallow discourse parsing with maximum entropy model ; in recent years , more research has been devoted to studying the subtask of the complete shallow discourse parsing , such as indentifying discourse connective and arguments of connective . there is a need to design a full discourse parser to pull these subtasks together . so we develop a discourse parser turning the free text into discourse relations . the parser includes connective identifier , arguments identifier , sense classifier and non - explicit identifi ←
→ syntagma lexical database ; this paper discusses the structure of syntagma ' s lexical database ( focused on italian ). the basic database consists in four tables . table forms contains word inflections , used by the pos - tagger for the identification of input - words . forms is related to lemma . table lemma stores all kinds of grammatical features of words , word - level semantic data and restrictions . in the table meanings meaning - related data are stored : definition , examples , domain , and semantic information . table v ←
→ improvement of bm3d algorithm and employment to satellite and cfa images denoising ; this paper proposes a new procedure in order to improve the performance of block matching and 3 - d filtering ( bm3d ) image denoising algorithm . it is demonstrated that it is possible to achieve a better performance than that of bm3d algorithm in a variety of noise levels . this method changes bm3d algorithm parameter values according to noise level , removes prefiltering , which is used in high noise level ; therefore peak sign ←
→ image forgery detection based on the fusion of machine learning and block - matching methods ; dense local descriptors and machine learning have been used with success in several applications , like classification of textures , steganalysis , and forgery detection . we develop a new image forgery detector building upon some descriptors recently proposed in the steganalysis field suitably merging some of such descriptors , and optimizing a svm classifier on the available training set . despite the very good perfor ←
→ emerging dimension weights in a conceptual spaces model of concept combination ; we investigate the generation of new concepts from combinations of properties as an artificial language develops . to do so , we have developed a new framework for conjunctive concept combination . this framework gives a semantic grounding to the weighted sum approach to concept combination seen in the literature . we implement the framework in a multi - agent simulation of language evolution and show that shared combination weight ←
→ using counterfactuals in knowledge - based programming ; this paper adds counterfactuals to the framework of knowledge - based programs of fagin , halpern , moses , and vardi . the use of counterfactuals is illustrated by designing a protocol in which an agent stops sending messages once it knows that it is safe to do so . such behavior is difficult to capture in the original framework because it involves reasoning about counterfactual executions , including ones that are not consistent with the protocol . attempts to ←
→ on sex , evolution , and the multiplicative weights update algorithm ; we consider a recent innovative theory by chastain et al . on the role of sex in evolution [ pnas ' 14 ]. in short , the theory suggests that the evolutionary process of gene recombination implements the celebrated multiplicative weights updates algorithm ( mwua ). they prove that the population dynamics induced by sexual reproduction can be precisely modeled by genes that use mwua as their learning strategy in a particular coordination game . the ←
→ rouge 2 . 0 : updated and improved measures for evaluation of summarization tasks ; evaluation of summarization tasks is extremely crucial to determining the quality of machine generated summaries . over the last decade , rouge has become the standard automatic evaluation measure for evaluating summarization tasks . while rouge has been shown to be effective in capturing n - gram overlap between system and human composed summaries , there are several limitations with the existing rouge measures in terms of capturi ←
→ new implementation framework for saturation - based reasoning ; the saturation - based reasoning methods are among the most theoretically developed ones and are used by most of the state - of - the - art first - order logic reasoners . in the last decade there was a sharp increase in performance of such systems , which i attribute to the use of advanced calculi and the intensified research in implementation techniques . however , nowadays we are witnessing a slowdown in performance progress , which may be considered as a si ←
→ probabilistic pursuits on graphs ; we consider discrete dynamical systems of " ant - like " agents engaged in a sequence of pursuits on a graph environment . the agents emerge one by one at equal time intervals from a source vertex $ s $ and pursue each other by greedily attempting to close the distance to their immediate predecessor , the agent that emerged just before them from $ s $, until they arrive at the destination point $ t $. such pursuits have been investigated before in the continuous setting and in discret ←
→ distributed representations for compositional semantics ; the mathematical representation of semantics is a key issue for natural language processing ( nlp ). a lot of research has been devoted to finding ways of representing the semantics of individual words in vector spaces . distributional approaches --- meaning distributed representations that exploit co - occurrence statistics of large corpora --- have proved popular and successful across a number of tasks . however , natural language usually comes in structu ←
→ online people tracking and identification with rfid and kinect ; we introduce a novel , accurate and practical system for real - time people tracking and identification . we used a kinect v2 sensor for tracking that generates a body skeleton for up to six people in the view . we perform identification using both kinect and passive rfid , by first measuring the velocity vector of person ' s skeleton and of their rfid tag using the position of the rfid reader antennas as reference points and then finding the best mat ←
→ magical number seven plus or minus two : syntactic structure recognition in japanese and english sentences ; george a . miller said that human beings have only seven chunks in short - term memory , plus or minus two . we counted the number of bunsetsus ( phrases ) whose modifiees are undetermined in each step of an analysis of the dependency structure of japanese sentences , and which therefore must be stored in short - term memory . the number was roughly less than nine , the upper bound of seven plus or minus two . w ←
→ unfounded sets and well - founded semantics of answer set programs with aggregates ; logic programs with aggregates ( lpa ) are one of the major linguistic extensions to logic programming ( lp ). in this work , we propose a generalization of the notions of unfounded set and well - founded semantics for programs with monotone and antimonotone aggregates ( lpama programs ). in particular , we present a new notion of unfounded set for lpama programs , which is a sound generalization of the original definition for standar ←
→ consistent algorithms for multiclass classification with a reject option ; we consider the problem of $ n $- class classification ($ n \ geq 2 $), where the classifier can choose to abstain from making predictions at a given cost , say , a factor $\ alpha $ of the cost of misclassification . designing consistent algorithms for such $ n $- class classification problems with a ` reject option ' is the main goal of this paper , thereby extending and generalizing previously known results for $ n = 2 $. we show that the crammer - singe ←
→ convolutional neural networks with alternately updated clique ; improving information flow in deep networks helps to ease the training difficulties and utilize parameters more efficiently . here we propose a new convolutional neural network architecture with alternately updated clique ( cliquenet ). in contrast to prior networks , there are both forward and backward connections between any two layers in the same block . the layers are constructed as a loop and are updated alternately . the cliquenet has some uniq ←
→ amortised map inference for image super - resolution ; image super - resolution ( sr ) is an underdetermined inverse problem , where a large number of plausible high - resolution images can explain the same downsampled image . most current single image sr methods use empirical risk minimisation , often with a pixel - wise mean squared error ( mse ) loss . however , the outputs from such methods tend to be blurry , over - smoothed and generally appear implausible . a more desirable approach would employ maximum a posteriori ( map ←
→ a genetic algorithm for the multi - pickup and delivery problem with time windows ; in this paper we present a genetic algorithm for the multi - pickup and delivery problem with time windows ( m - pdptw ). the m - pdptw is an optimization vehicles routing problem which must meet requests for transport between suppliers and customers satisfying precedence , capacity and time constraints . this paper purposes a brief literature review of the pdptw , present our approach based on genetic algorithms to minimizing the tota ←
→ tensor decomposition for compressing recurrent neural network ; in the machine learning fields , recurrent neural network ( rnn ) has become a popular algorithm for sequential data modeling . however , behind the impressive performance , rnns require a large number of parameters for both training and inference . in this paper , we are trying to reduce the number of parameters and maintain the expressive power from rnn simultaneously . we utilize several tensor decompositions method including candecomp / parafac ( cp ), ←
→ advances in self organising maps ; the self - organizing map ( som ) with its related extensions is the most popular artificial neural algorithm for use in unsupervised learning , clustering , classification and data visualization . over 5 , 000 publications have been reported in the open literature , and many commercial projects employ the som as a tool for solving hard real - world problems . each two years , the " workshop on self - organizing maps " ( wsom ) covers the new developments in the field . the wsom series of conf ←
→ interactive algorithms : from pool to stream ; we consider interactive algorithms in the pool - based setting , and in the stream - based setting . interactive algorithms observe suggested elements ( representing actions or queries ), and interactively select some of them and receive responses . pool - based algorithms can select elements at any order , while stream - based algorithms observe elements in sequence , and can only select elements immediately after observing them . we assume that the suggested elements are gene ←
→ linear and parallel learning of markov random fields ; we introduce a new embarrassingly parallel parameter learning algorithm for markov random fields with untied parameters which is efficient for a large class of practical models . our algorithm parallelizes naturally over cliques and , for graphs of bounded degree , its complexity is linear in the number of cliques . unlike its competitors , our algorithm is fully parallel and for log - linear models it is also data efficient , requiring only the local sufficien ←
→ a spectral algorithm with additive clustering for the recovery of overlapping communities in networks ; this paper presents a novel spectral algorithm with additive clustering designed to identify overlapping communities in networks . the algorithm is based on geometric properties of the spectrum of the expected adjacency matrix in a random graph model that we call stochastic blockmodel with overlap ( sbmo ). an adaptive version of the algorithm , that does not require the knowledge of the number of hidden co ←
→ cross - sentence n - ary relation extraction with graph lstms ; past work in relation extraction has focused on binary relations in single sentences . recent nlp inroads in high - value domains have sparked interest in the more general setting of extracting n - ary relations that span multiple sentences . in this paper , we explore a general relation extraction framework based on graph long short - term memory networks ( graph lstms ) that can be easily extended to cross - sentence n - ary relation extraction . the graph formu ←
→ dense 3d face correspondence ; we present an algorithm that automatically establishes dense correspondences between a large number of 3d faces . starting from automatically detected sparse correspondences on the convex hull of 3d faces , the algorithm triangulates existing correspondences and expands them iteratively along the triangle edges . new correspondences are established by matching keypoints on the geodesic patches along the triangle edges and the process is repeated . after exhausting keypoint matches ←
→ prioritized multi - view stereo depth map generation using confidence prediction ; in this work , we propose a novel approach to prioritize the depth map computation of multi - view stereo ( mvs ) to obtain compact 3d point clouds of high quality and completeness at low computational cost . our prioritization approach operates before the mvs algorithm is executed and consists of two steps . in the first step , we aim to find a good set of matching partners for each view . in the second step , we rank the resulting vi ←
→ making use of advances in answer - set programming for abstract argumentation systems ; dung ' s famous abstract argumentation frameworks represent the core formalism for many problems and applications in the field of argumentation which significantly evolved within the last decade . recent work in the field has thus focused on implementations for these frameworks , whereby one of the main approaches is to use answer - set programming ( asp ). while some of the argumentation semantics can be nicely expressed within ←
→ joint detection and tracking for multipath targets : a variational bayesian approach ; different from traditional point target tracking systems assuming that a target generates at most one single measurement per scan , there exists a class of multipath target tracking systems where each measurement may originate from the interested target via one of multiple propagation paths or from clutter , while the correspondence among targets , measurements , and propagation paths is unknown . the performance of multipath ←
→ incorporating near - infrared information into semantic image segmentation ; recent progress in computational photography has shown that we can acquire near - infrared ( nir ) information in addition to the normal visible ( rgb ) band , with only slight modifications to standard digital cameras . due to the proximity of the nir band to visible radiation , nir images share many properties with visible images . however , as a result of the material dependent reflection in the nir part of the spectrum , such images reveal d ←
→ semi - supervised fisher vector network ; in this work we explore how the architecture proposed in [ 8 ], which expresses the processing steps of the classical fisher vector pipeline approaches , i . e . dimensionality reduction by principal component analysis ( pca ) projection , gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) and fisher vector descriptor extraction as network layers , can be modified into a hybrid network that combines the benefits of both unsupervised and supervised training methods , resulting in a model that learns a ←
→ clustering with simultaneous local and global view of data : a message passing based approach ; a good clustering algorithm should not only be able to discover clusters of arbitrary shapes ( global view ) but also provide additional information , which can be used to gain more meaningful insights into the internal structure of the clusters ( local view ). in this work we use the mathematical framework of factor graphs and message passing algorithms to optimize a pairwise similarity based cost function , in the s ←
→ ct - srcnn : cascade trained and trimmed deep convolutional neural networks for image super resolution ; we propose methodologies to train highly accurate and efficient deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for image super resolution ( sr ). a cascade training approach to deep learning is proposed to improve the accuracy of the neural networks while gradually increasing the number of network layers . next , we explore how to improve the sr efficiency by making the network slimmer . two methodologies , the one -←
→ multiarmed bandits with limited expert advice ; we solve the colt 2013 open problem of \ citet { scb } on minimizing regret in the setting of advice - efficient multiarmed bandits with expert advice . we give an algorithm for the setting of k arms and n experts out of which we are allowed to query and use only m experts ' advices in each round , which has a regret bound of \ tilde { o }\ bigp {\ sqrt {\ frac {\ min \{ k , m \} n }{ m } t }} after t rounds . we also prove that any algorithm for this problem must have expected regret at ←
→ qualitative mdps and pomdps : an order - of - magnitude approximation ; we develop a qualitative theory of markov decision processes ( mdps ) and partially observable mdps that can be used to model sequential decision making tasks when only qualitative information is available . our approach is based upon an order - of - magnitude approximation of both probabilities and utilities , similar to epsilon - semantics . the result is a qualitative theory that has close ties with the standard maximum - expected - utility theory and i ←
→ best viewpoint tracking for camera mounted on robotic arm with dynamic obstacles ; the problem of finding a next best viewpoint for 3d modeling or scene mapping has been explored in computer vision over the last decade . this paper tackles a similar problem , but with different characteristics . it proposes a method for dynamic next best viewpoint recovery of a target point while avoiding possible occlusions . since the environment can change , the method has to iteratively find the next best view with a globa ←
→ multi - view predictive partitioning in high dimensions ; many modern data mining applications are concerned with the analysis of datasets in which the observations are described by paired high - dimensional vectorial representations or " views ". some typical examples can be found in web mining and genomics applications . in this article we present an algorithm for data clustering with multiple views , multi - view predictive partitioning ( mvpp ), which relies on a novel criterion of predictive similarity between dat ←
→ new probabilistic interest measures for association rules ; mining association rules is an important technique for discovering meaningful patterns in transaction databases . many different measures of interestingness have been proposed for association rules . however , these measures fail to take the probabilistic properties of the mined data into account . in this paper , we start with presenting a simple probabilistic framework for transaction data which can be used to simulate transaction data when no associa ←
→ belief approach for social networks ; nowadays , social networks became essential in information exchange between individuals . indeed , as users of these networks , we can send messages to other people according to the links connecting us . moreover , given the large volume of exchanged messages , detecting the true nature of the received message becomes a challenge . for this purpose , it is interesting to consider this new tendency with reasoning under uncertainty by using the theory of belief functions . in this ←
→ semi - amortized variational autoencoders ; amortized variational inference ( avi ) replaces instance - specific local inference with a global inference network . while avi has enabled efficient training of deep generative models such as variational autoencoders ( vae ), recent empirical work suggests that inference networks can produce suboptimal variational parameters . we propose a hybrid approach , to use avi to initialize the variational parameters and run stochastic variational inference ( svi ) to refine them . cr ←
→ neighbors do help : deeply exploiting local structures of point clouds ; unlike on images , semantic learning on 3d point clouds using a deep network is challenging due to the naturally unordered data structure . among existing works , pointnet has achieved promising results by directly learning on point sets . however , it does not take full advantage of a point ' s local neighborhood that contains fine - grained structural information which turns out to be helpful towards better semantic learning . in this regard , w ←
→ some advances in transformation - based part of speech tagging ; most recent research in trainable part of speech taggers has explored stochastic tagging . while these taggers obtain high accuracy , linguistic information is captured indirectly , typically in tens of thousands of lexical and contextual probabilities . in [ brill92 ], a trainable rule - based tagger was described that obtained performance comparable to that of stochastic taggers , but captured relevant linguistic information in a small number of simple ←
→ continuous representation of location for geolocation and lexical dialectology using mixture density networks ; we propose a method for embedding two - dimensional locations in a continuous vector space using a neural network - based model incorporating mixtures of gaussian distributions , presenting two model variants for text - based geolocation and lexical dialectology . evaluated over twitter data , the proposed model outperforms conventional regression - based geolocation and provides a better estimate of uncer ←
→ accelerating very deep convolutional networks for classification and detection ; this paper aims to accelerate the test - time computation of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), especially very deep cnns that have substantially impacted the computer vision community . unlike previous methods that are designed for approximating linear filters or linear responses , our method takes the nonlinear units into account . we develop an effective solution to the resulting nonlinear optimization problem without the ne ←
→ ontology for cellular communication ; the lack of interoperability between mobile cellular access networks has long been a challenging obstacle , which telecommunication engineering is trying to overcome . in second generation networks for example , this problem lies in the fact that there are multiple standards . each of these standards can operate in the same frequency range . however , each utilizes a different radio technology and modulation scheme , which are characteristics of the standard . therefore , the la ←
→ towards a generic framework for the development of unicode based digital sindhi dictionaries ; dictionaries are essence of any language providing vital linguistic recourse for the language learners , researchers and scholars . this paper focuses on the methodology and techniques used in developing software architecture for a ubsesd ( unicode based sindhi to english and english to sindhi dictionary ). the proposed system provides an accurate solution for construction and representation of unicode based sindhi ←
→ coherent online video style transfer ; training a feed - forward network for fast neural style transfer of images is proven to be successful . however , the naive extension to process video frame by frame is prone to producing flickering results . we propose the first end - to - end network for online video style transfer , which generates temporally coherent stylized video sequences in near real - time . two key ideas include an efficient network by incorporating short - term coherence , and propagating short - term coheren ←
→ deep structured features for semantic segmentation ; we propose a highly structured neural network architecture for semantic segmentation with an extremely small model size , suitable for low - power embedded and mobile platforms . specifically , our architecture combines i ) a haar wavelet - based tree - like convolutional neural network ( cnn ), ii ) a random layer realizing a radial basis function kernel approximation , and iii ) a linear classifier . while stages i ) and ii ) are completely pre - specified , only the linear ←
→ predicting scene parsing and motion dynamics in the future ; the ability of predicting the future is important for intelligent systems , e . g . autonomous vehicles and robots to plan early and make decisions accordingly . future scene parsing and optical flow estimation are two key tasks that help agents better understand their environments as the former provides dense semantic information , i . e . what objects will be present and where they will appear , while the latter provides dense motion information , i . e . how ←
→ an automated evaluation metric for chinese text entry ; in this paper , we propose an automated evaluation metric for text entry . we also consider possible improvements to existing text entry evaluation metrics , such as the minimum string distance error rate , keystrokes per character , cost per correction , and a unified approach proposed by mackenzie , so they can accommodate the special characteristics of chinese text . current methods lack an integrated concern about both typing speed and accuracy for chinese ←
→ relax and localize : from value to algorithms ; we show a principled way of deriving online learning algorithms from a minimax analysis . various upper bounds on the minimax value , previously thought to be non - constructive , are shown to yield algorithms . this allows us to seamlessly recover known methods and to derive new ones . our framework also captures such " unorthodox " methods as follow the perturbed leader and the r ^ 2 forecaster . we emphasize that understanding the inherent complexity of the learning pro ←
→ query expansion in information retrieval systems using a bayesian network - based thesaurus ; information retrieval ( ir ) is concerned with the identification of documents in a collection that are relevant to a given information need , usually represented as a query containing terms or keywords , which are supposed to be a good description of what the user is looking for . ir systems may improve their effectiveness ( i . e ., increasing the number of relevant documents retrieved ) by using a process of query expansi ←
→ piecewise training for undirected models ; for many large undirected models that arise in real - world applications , exact maximumlikelihood training is intractable , because it requires computing marginal distributions of the model . conditional training is even more difficult , because the partition function depends not only on the parameters , but also on the observed input , requiring repeated inference over each training example . an appealing idea for such models is to independently train a local undirected c ←
→ are you serious ?: rhetorical questions and sarcasm in social media dialog ; effective models of social dialog must understand a broad range of rhetorical and figurative devices . rhetorical questions ( rqs ) are a type of figurative language whose aim is to achieve a pragmatic goal , such as structuring an argument , being persuasive , emphasizing a point , or being ironic . while there are computational models for other forms of figurative language , rhetorical questions have received little attention to date . we ←
→ la réduction de termes complexes dans les langues de spécialité ; our study applies statistical methods to french and italian corpora to examine the phenomenon of multi - word term reduction in specialty languages . there are two kinds of reduction : anaphoric and lexical . we show that anaphoric reduction depends on the discourse type ( vulgarization , pedagogical , specialized ) but is independent of both domain and language ; that lexical reduction depends on domain and is more frequent in technical , rapidly evolv ←
→ learning mobile app usage routine through learning automata ; since its conception , smart app market has grown exponentially . success in the app market depends on many factors among which the quality of the app is a significant contributor , such as energy use . nevertheless , smartphones , as a subset of mobile computing devices . inherit the limited power resource constraint . therefore , there is a challenge of maintaining the resource while increasing the target app quality . this paper introduces learning auto ←
→ scalenet : guiding object proposal generation in supermarkets and beyond ; motivated by product detection in supermarkets , this paper studies the problem of object proposal generation in supermarket images and other natural images . we argue that estimation of object scales in images is helpful for generating object proposals , especially for supermarket images where object scales are usually within a small range . therefore , we propose to estimate object scales of images before generating object proposals . the ←
→ local gaussian regression ; locally weighted regression was created as a nonparametric learning method that is computationally efficient , can learn from very large amounts of data and add data incrementally . an interesting feature of locally weighted regression is that it can work with spatially varying length scales , a beneficial property , for instance , in control problems . however , it does not provide a generative model for function values and requires training and test data to be generated identically , i ←
→ multi - appearance segmentation and extended 0 - 1 program for dense small object tracking ; aiming to address the fast multi - object tracking for dense small object in the cluster background , we review track orientated multi - hypothesis tracking ( tomht ) with consideration of batch optimization . employing autocorrelation based motion score test and staged hypotheses merging approach , we build our homologous hypothesis generation and management method . a new one - to - many constraint is proposed and applied to tackl ←
→ stochastic variance - reduced gradient descent for low - rank matrix recovery from linear measurements ; we study the problem of estimating low - rank matrices from linear measurements ( a . k . a ., matrix sensing ) through nonconvex optimization . we propose an efficient stochastic variance reduced gradient descent algorithm to solve a nonconvex optimization problem of matrix sensing . our algorithm is applicable to both noisy and noiseless settings . in the case with noisy observations , we prove that our algorithm con ←
→ graphlab : a new framework for parallel machine learning ; designing and implementing efficient , provably correct parallel machine learning ( ml ) algorithms is challenging . existing high - level parallel abstractions like mapreduce are insufficiently expressive while low - level tools like mpi and pthreads leave ml experts repeatedly solving the same design challenges . by targeting common patterns in ml , we developed graphlab , which improves upon abstractions like mapreduce by compactly expressing asynchronous it ←
→ truth discovery with memory network ; truth discovery is to resolve conflicts and find the truth from multiple - source statements . conventional methods mostly research based on the mutual effect between the reliability of sources and the credibility of statements , however , pay no attention to the mutual effect among the credibility of statements about the same object . we propose memory network based models to incorporate these two ideas to do the truth discovery . we use feedforward memory network and feedbac ←
→ implicit argument prediction with event knowledge ; implicit arguments are not syntactically connected to their predicates , and are therefore hard to extract . previous work has used models with large numbers of features , evaluated on very small datasets . we propose to train models for implicit argument prediction on a simple cloze task , for which data can be generated automatically at scale . this allows us to use a neural model , which draws on narrative coherence and entity salience for predictions . we show ←
→ advancing multi - context systems by inconsistency management ; multi - context systems are an expressive formalism to model ( possibly ) non - monotonic information exchange between heterogeneous knowledge bases . such information exchange , however , often comes with unforseen side - effects leading to violation of constraints , making the system inconsistent , and thus unusable . although there are many approaches to assess and repair a single inconsistent knowledge base , the heterogeneous nature of multi - context system ←
→ linguistic matrix theory ; recent research in computational linguistics has developed algorithms which associate matrices with adjectives and verbs , based on the distribution of words in a corpus of text . these matrices are linear operators on a vector space of context words . they are used to construct the meaning of composite expressions from that of the elementary constituents , forming part of a compositional distributional approach to semantics . we propose a matrix theory approach to this data , based on ←
→ dynamic batch bayesian optimization ; bayesian optimization ( bo ) algorithms try to optimize an unknown function that is expensive to evaluate using minimum number of evaluations / experiments . most of the proposed algorithms in bo are sequential , where only one experiment is selected at each iteration . this method can be time inefficient when each experiment takes a long time and more than one experiment can be ran concurrently . on the other hand , requesting a fix - sized batch of experiments at each iteration ←
→ self - adaptive node - based pca encodings ; in this paper we propose an algorithm , simple hebbian pca , and prove that it is able to calculate the principal component analysis ( pca ) in a distributed fashion across nodes . it simplifies existing network structures by removing intralayer weights , essentially cutting the number of weights that need to be trained in half .←
→ toward a dynamic programming solution for the 4 - peg tower of hanoi problem with configurations ; the frame - stewart algorithm for the 4 - peg variant of the tower of hanoi , introduced in 1941 , partitions disks into intermediate towers before moving the remaining disks to their destination . algorithms that partition the disks have not been proven to be optimal , although they have been verified for up to 30 disks . this paper presents a dynamic programming approach to this algorithm , using tabling in b - prolog . ←
→ multilayer perceptron algebra ; artificial neural networks ( ann ) has been phenomenally successful on various pattern recognition tasks . however , the design of neural networks rely heavily on the experience and intuitions of individual developers . in this article , the author introduces a mathematical structure called mlp algebra on the set of all multilayer perceptron neural networks ( mlp ), which can serve as a guiding principle to build mlps accommodating to the particular data sets , and to build complex mlps ←
→ super - resolution via deep learning ; the recent phenomenal interest in convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) must have made it inevitable for the super - resolution ( sr ) community to explore its potential . the response has been immense and in the last three years , since the advent of the pioneering work , there appeared too many works not to warrant a comprehensive survey . this paper surveys the sr literature in the context of deep learning . we focus on the three important aspects of multimedia - namely image , ←
→ information content of coevolutionary game landscapes ; coevolutionary game dynamics is the result of players that may change their strategies and their network of interaction . for such games , and based on interpreting strategies as configurations , strategy - to - payoff maps can be defined for every interaction network , which opens up to derive game landscapes . this paper presents an analysis of these game landscapes by their information content . by this analysis , we particularly study the effect of a rescaled ←
→ drug selection via joint push and learning to rank ; selecting the right drugs for the right patients is a primary goal of precision medicine . in this manuscript , we consider the problem of cancer drug selection in a learning - to - rank framework . we have formulated the cancer drug selection problem as to accurately predicting 1 ). the ranking positions of sensitive drugs and 2 ). the ranking orders among sensitive drugs in cancer cell lines based on their responses to cancer drugs . we have developed a new learn ←
→ human motion primitive discovery and recognition ; we present a novel framework for the automatic discovery and recognition of human motion primitives from motion capture data . human motion primitives are discovered by optimizing the ' motion flux ', a quantity which depends on the motion of a group of skeletal joints . models of each primitive category are computed via non - parametric bayes methods and recognition is performed based on their geometric properties . a normalization of the primitives is proposed i ←
→ minimal founded semantics for disjunctive logic programs and deductive databases ; in this paper , we propose a variant of stable model semantics for disjunctive logic programming and deductive databases . the semantics , called minimal founded , generalizes stable model semantics for normal ( i . e . non disjunctive ) programs but differs from disjunctive stable model semantics ( the extension of stable model semantics for disjunctive programs ). compared with disjunctive stable model semantics , minimal founded sem ←
→ estimation of passenger route choice pattern using smart card data for complex metro systems ; nowadays , metro systems play an important role in meeting the urban transportation demand in large cities . the understanding of passenger route choice is critical for public transit management . the wide deployment of automated fare collection ( afc ) systems opens up a new opportunity . however , only each trip ' s tap - in and tap - out timestamp and stations can be directly obtained from afc system records ; the train and ←
→ analysis of attractor distances in random boolean networks ; we study the properties of the distance between attractors in random boolean networks , a prominent model of genetic regulatory networks . we define three distance measures , upon which attractor distance matrices are constructed and their main statistic parameters are computed . the experimental analysis shows that ordered networks have a very clustered set of attractors , while chaotic networks ' attractors are scattered ; critical networks show , inste ←
→ tensor decomposition for signal processing and machine learning ; tensors or {\ em multi - way arrays } are functions of three or more indices $( i , j , k ,\ cdots )$ -- similar to matrices ( two - way arrays ), which are functions of two indices $( r , c )$ for ( row , column ). tensors have a rich history , stretching over almost a century , and touching upon numerous disciplines ; but they have only recently become ubiquitous in signal and data analytics at the confluence of signal processing , statistics , data mining and machine ←
→ how to fool radiologists with generative adversarial networks ? a visual turing test for lung cancer diagnosis ; discriminating lung nodules as malignant or benign is still an underlying challenge . to address this challenge , radiologists need computer aided diagnosis ( cad ) systems which can assist in learning discriminative imaging features corresponding to malignant and benign nodules . however , learning highly discriminative imaging features is an open problem . in this paper , our aim is to learn the most ←
→ improved graph laplacian via geometric self - consistency ; we address the problem of setting the kernel bandwidth used by manifold learning algorithms to construct the graph laplacian . exploiting the connection between manifold geometry , represented by the riemannian metric , and the laplace - beltrami operator , we set the bandwidth by optimizing the laplacian ' s ability to preserve the geometry of the data . experiments show that this principled approach is effective and robust .←
→ autoencoder regularized network for driving style representation learning ; in this paper , we study learning generalized driving style representations from automobile gps trip data . we propose a novel autoencoder regularized deep neural network ( arnet ) and a trip encoding framework trip2vec to learn drivers ' driving styles directly from gps records , by combining supervised and unsupervised feature learning in a unified architecture . experiments on a challenging driver number estimation problem and the dri ←
→ catching up faster by switching sooner : a prequential solution to the aic - bic dilemma ; bayesian model averaging , model selection and its approximations such as bic are generally statistically consistent , but sometimes achieve slower rates og convergence than other methods such as aic and leave - one - out cross - validation . on the other hand , these other methods can br inconsistent . we identify the " catch - up phenomenon " as a novel explanation for the slow convergence of bayesian methods . based on this analysi ←
→ a dual sparse decomposition method for image denoising ; this article addresses the image denoising problem in the situations of strong noise . we propose a dual sparse decomposition method . this method makes a sub - dictionary decomposition on the over - complete dictionary in the sparse decomposition . the sub - dictionary decomposition makes use of a novel criterion based on the occurrence frequency of atoms of the over - complete dictionary over the data set . the experimental results demonstrate that the dual - spa ←
→ deep learning for semantic segmentation of remote sensing images with rich spectral content ; with the rapid development of remote sensing acquisition techniques , there is a need to scale and improve processing tools to cope with the observed increase of both data volume and richness . among popular techniques in remote sensing , deep learning gains increasing interest but depends on the quality of the training data . therefore , this paper presents recent deep learning approaches for fine or coarse land cove ←
→ covered clause elimination ; generalizing the novel clause elimination procedures developed in [ m . heule , m . j \" arvisalo , and a . biere . clause elimination procedures for cnf formulas . in proc . lpar - 17 , volume 6397 of lncs , pages 357 - 371 . springer , 2010 .], we introduce explicit ( cce ), hidden ( hcce ), and asymmetric ( acce ) variants of a procedure that eliminates covered clauses from cnf formulas . we show that these procedures are more effective in reducing cnf formulas than the respective variants of blocked c ←
→ connectedness of graphs and its application to connected matroids through covering - based rough sets ; graph theoretical ideas are highly utilized by computer science fields especially data mining . in this field , a data structure can be designed in the form of tree . covering is a widely used form of data representation in data mining and covering - based rough sets provide a systematic approach to this type of representation . in this paper , we study the connectedness of graphs through covering - based rough se ←
→ finding the topic of a set of images ; in this paper we introduce the problem of determining the topic that a set of images is describing , where every topic is represented as a set of words . different from other problems like tag assignment or similar , a ) we assume multiple images are used as input instead of single image , b ) input images are typically not visually related , c ) input images are not necessarily semantically close , and d ) output word space is unconstrained . in our proposed solution , visual inf ←
→ deep unsupervised clustering using mixture of autoencoders ; unsupervised clustering is one of the most fundamental challenges in machine learning . a popular hypothesis is that data are generated from a union of low - dimensional nonlinear manifolds ; thus an approach to clustering is identifying and separating these manifolds . in this paper , we present a novel approach to solve this problem by using a mixture of autoencoders . our model consists of two parts : 1 ) a collection of autoencoders where each autoenco ←
→ sparse representation of multivariate extremes with applications to anomaly ranking ; extremes play a special role in anomaly detection . beyond inference and simulation purposes , probabilistic tools borrowed from extreme value theory ( evt ), such as the angular measure , can also be used to design novel statistical learning methods for anomaly detection / ranking . this paper proposes a new algorithm based on multivariate evt to learn how to rank observations in a high dimensional space with respect to their d ←
→ a well - tempered landscape for non - convex robust subspace recovery ; we present a mathematical analysis of a non - convex energy landscape for robust subspace recovery . we prove that an underlying subspace is the only stationary point and local minimizer in a large neighborhood if a generic condition holds for a dataset . we further show that if the generic condition is satisfied , a geodesic gradient descent method over the grassmannian manifold can exactly recover the underlying subspace with proper initializa ←
→ imitating driver behavior with generative adversarial networks ; the ability to accurately predict and simulate human driving behavior is critical for the development of intelligent transportation systems . traditional modeling methods have employed simple parametric models and behavioral cloning . this paper adopts a method for overcoming the problem of cascading errors inherent in prior approaches , resulting in realistic behavior that is robust to trajectory perturbations . we extend generative adversarial i ←
→ supervised quantile normalisation ; quantile normalisation is a popular normalisation method for data subject to unwanted variations such as images , speech , or genomic data . it applies a monotonic transformation to the feature values of each sample to ensure that after normalisation , they follow the same target distribution for each sample . choosing a " good " target distribution remains however largely empirical and heuristic , and is usually done independently of the subsequent analysis of normalised data . w ←
→ multiscale adaptive representation of signals : i . the basic framework ; we introduce a framework for designing multi - scale , adaptive , shift - invariant frames and bi - frames for representing signals . the new framework , called adaframe , improves over dictionary learning - based techniques in terms of computational efficiency at inference time . it improves classical multi - scale basis such as wavelet frames in terms of coding efficiency . it provides an attractive alternative to dictionary learning - based techniques ←
→ balancing lifetime and classification accuracy of wireless sensor networks ; wireless sensor networks are composed of distributed sensors that can be used for signal detection or classification . the likelihood functions of the hypotheses are often not known in advance , and decision rules have to be learned via supervised learning . a specific such algorithm is fisher discriminant analysis ( fda ), the classification accuracy of which has been previously studied in the context of wireless sensor networks . pre ←
→ hand gesture recognition based on karhunen - loeve transform ; in this paper , we have proposed a system based on k - l transform to recognize different hand gestures . the system consists of five steps : skin filtering , palm cropping , edge detection , feature extraction , and classification . firstly the hand is detected using skin filtering and palm cropping was performed to extract out only the palm portion of the hand . the extracted image was then processed using the canny edge detection technique to extract the ←
→ the complexity of circumscription in dls ; as fragments of first - order logic , description logics ( dls ) do not provide nonmonotonic features such as defeasible inheritance and default rules . since many applications would benefit from the availability of such features , several families of nonmonotonic dls have been developed that are mostly based on default logic and autoepistemic logic . in this paper , we consider circumscription as an interesting alternative approach to nonmonotonic dls that , in particular , ←
→ splitting compounds by semantic analogy ; compounding is a highly productive word - formation process in some languages that is often problematic for natural language processing applications . in this paper , we investigate whether distributional semantics in the form of word embeddings can enable a deeper , i . e ., more knowledge - rich , processing of compounds than the standard string - based methods . we present an unsupervised approach that exploits regularities in the semantic vector space ( based on analogies such ←
→ memory aware synapses : learning what ( not ) to forget ; humans can learn in a continuous manner . old rarely utilized knowledge can be overwritten by new incoming information while important , frequently used knowledge is prevented from being erased . in artificial learning systems , lifelong learning so far has focused mainly on accumulating knowledge over tasks and overcoming catastrophic forgetting . in this paper , we argue that , given the limited model capacity and the unlimited new information to be learned ,←
→ object tracking via non - euclidean geometry : a grassmann approach ; a robust visual tracking system requires an object appearance model that is able to handle occlusion , pose , and illumination variations in the video stream . this can be difficult to accomplish when the model is trained using only a single image . in this paper , we first propose a tracking approach based on affine subspaces ( constructed from several images ) which are able to accommodate the abovementioned variations . we use affine subspaces no ←
→ happiness is assortative in online social networks ; social networks tend to disproportionally favor connections between individuals with either similar or dissimilar characteristics . this propensity , referred to as assortative mixing or homophily , is expressed as the correlation between attribute values of nearest neighbour vertices in a graph . recent results indicate that beyond demographic features such as age , sex and race , even psychological states such as " loneliness " can be assortative in a social ne ←
→ deformation estimation of an elastic object by partial observation using a neural network ; deformation estimation of elastic object assuming an internal organ is important for the computer navigation of surgery . the aim of this study is to estimate the deformation of an entire three - dimensional elastic object using displacement information of very few observation points . a learning approach with a neural network was introduced to estimate the entire deformation of an object . we applied our method to two ←
→ supervised and semi - supervised text categorization using lstm for region embeddings ; one - hot cnn ( convolutional neural network ) has been shown to be effective for text categorization ( johnson & zhang , 2015 ). we view it as a special case of a general framework which jointly trains a linear model with a non - linear feature generator consisting of ` text region embedding + pooling '. under this framework , we explore a more sophisticated region embedding method using long short - term memory ( lstm ). lstm can embe ←
→ conformal predictive distributions with kernels ; this paper reviews the checkered history of predictive distributions in statistics and discusses two developments , one from recent literature and the other new . the first development is bringing predictive distributions into machine learning , whose early development was so deeply influenced by two remarkable groups at the institute of automation and remote control . the second development is combining predictive distributions with kernel methods , which were o ←
→ unbiased comparative evaluation of ranking functions ; eliciting relevance judgments for ranking evaluation is labor - intensive and costly , motivating careful selection of which documents to judge . unlike traditional approaches that make this selection deterministically , probabilistic sampling has shown intriguing promise since it enables the design of estimators that are provably unbiased even when reusing data with missing judgments . in this paper , we first unify and extend these sampling approaches by vie ←
→ single - shot bidirectional pyramid networks for high - quality object detection ; recent years have witnessed many exciting achievements for object detection using deep learning techniques . despite achieving significant progresses , most existing detectors are designed to detect objects with relatively low - quality prediction of locations , i . e ., often trained with the threshold of intersection over union ( iou ) set to 0 . 5 by default , which can yield low - quality or even noisy detections . it remains an open chall ←
→ logarithmic distributions prove that intrinsic learning is hebbian ; in this paper , we present data for the lognormal distributions of spike rates , synaptic weights and intrinsic excitability ( gain ) for neurons in various brain areas , such as auditory or visual cortex , hippocampus , cerebellum , striatum , midbrain nuclei . we find a remarkable consistency of heavy - tailed , specifically lognormal , distributions for rates , weights and gains in all brain areas examined . the difference between strongly recurrent an ←
→ on the existence of a sample mean in dynamic time warping spaces ; the concept of sample mean in dynamic time warping ( dtw ) spaces has been successfully applied to improve pattern recognition systems and generalize centroid - based clustering algorithms . its existence has neither been proved nor challenged . this article presents sufficient conditions for existence of a sample mean in dtw spaces . the proposed result justifies prior work on approximate mean algorithms , sets the stage for constructing exact mean ←
→ knowledge graph embedding with iterative guidance from soft rules ; embedding knowledge graphs ( kgs ) into continuous vector spaces is a focus of current research . combining such an embedding model with logic rules has recently attracted increasing attention . most previous attempts made a one - time injection of logic rules , ignoring the interactive nature between embedding learning and logical inference . and they focused only on hard rules , which always hold with no exception and usually require extensive man ←
→ collaborative learning for language and speaker recognition ; this paper presents a unified model to perform language and speaker recognition simultaneously and altogether . the model is based on a multi - task recurrent neural network where the output of one task is fed as the input of the other , leading to a collaborative learning framework that can improve both language and speaker recognition by borrowing information from each other . our experiments demonstrated that the multi - task model outperforms the ta ←
→ improving the k - means algorithm using improved downhill simplex search ; the k - means algorithm is one of the well - known and most popular clustering algorithms . k - means seeks an optimal partition of the data by minimizing the sum of squared error with an iterative optimization procedure , which belongs to the category of hill climbing algorithms . as we know hill climbing searches are famous for converging to local optimums . since k - means can converge to a local optimum , different initial points generally lead ←
→ improving the johnson - lindenstrauss lemma ; the johnson - lindenstrauss lemma allows for the projection of $ n $ points in $ p -$ dimensional euclidean space onto a $ k -$ dimensional euclidean space , with $ k \ ge \ frac { 24 \ ln \ emph { n }}{ 3 \ epsilon ^ 2 - 2 \ epsilon ^ 3 }$, so that the pairwise distances are preserved within a factor of $ 1 \ pm \ epsilon $. here , working directly with the distributions of the random distances rather than resorting to the moment generating function technique , an improvement on the lower bound for $ k $ i ←
→ measuring the directional distance between fuzzy sets ; the measure of distance between two fuzzy sets is a fundamental tool within fuzzy set theory . however , current distance measures within the literature do not account for the direction of change between fuzzy sets ; a useful concept in a variety of applications , such as computing with words . in this paper , we highlight this utility and introduce a distance measure which takes the direction between sets into account . we provide details of its application ←
→ generative model with coordinate metric learning for object recognition based on 3d models ; given large amount of real photos for training , convolutional neural network shows excellent performance on object recognition tasks . however , the process of collecting data is so tedious and the background are also limited which makes it hard to establish a perfect database . in this paper , our generative model trained with synthetic images rendered from 3d models reduces the workload of data collection and limita ←
→ salient local 3d features for 3d shape retrieval ; in this paper we describe a new formulation for the 3d salient local features based on the voxel grid inspired by the scale invariant feature transform ( sift ). we use it to identify the salient keypoints ( invariant points ) on a 3d voxelized model and calculate invariant 3d local feature descriptors at these keypoints . we then use the bag of words approach on the 3d local features to represent the 3d models for shape retrieval . the advantages of the method a ←
→ deep convolutional neural network for 6 - dof image localization ; we present an accurate and robust method for six degree of freedom image localization . there are two key - points of our method , 1 . automatic immense photo synthesis and labeling from point cloud model and , 2 . pose estimation with deep convolutional neural networks regression . our model can directly regresses 6 - dof camera poses from images , accurately describing where and how it was captured . we achieved an accuracy within 1 meters and 1 degree ←
→ high dimensional nonlinear learning using local coordinate coding ; this paper introduces a new method for semi - supervised learning on high dimensional nonlinear manifolds , which includes a phase of unsupervised basis learning and a phase of supervised function learning . the learned bases provide a set of anchor points to form a local coordinate system , such that each data point $ x $ on the manifold can be locally approximated by a linear combination of its nearby anchor points , with the linear weights offer ←
→ temporal description logic for ontology - based data access ( extended version ) ; our aim is to investigate ontology - based data access over temporal data with validity time and ontologies capable of temporal conceptual modelling . to this end , we design a temporal description logic , tql , that extends the standard ontology language owl 2 ql , provides basic means for temporal conceptual modelling and ensures first - order rewritability of conjunctive queries for suitably defined data instances with validity time .←
→ skipnet : learning dynamic routing in convolutional networks ; increasing depth and complexity in convolutional neural networks has enabled significant progress in visual perception tasks . however , incremental improvements in accuracy are often accompanied by exponentially deeper models that push the computational limits of modern hardware . these incremental improvements in accuracy imply that only a small fraction of the inputs require the additional model complexity . as a consequence , for any given image i ←
→ information - theoretic limits of bayesian network structure learning ; in this paper , we study the information - theoretic limits of learning the structure of bayesian networks ( bns ), on discrete as well as continuous random variables , from a finite number of samples . we show that the minimum number of samples required by any procedure to recover the correct structure grows as $\ omega ( m )$ and $\ omega ( k \ log m + ( k ^ 2 / m ))$ for non - sparse and sparse bns respectively , where $ m $ is the number of variables and $ k $ i ←
→ magix : model agnostic globally interpretable explanations ; explaining the behavior of a black box machine learning model at the instance level is useful for building trust . however , what is also important is understanding how the model behaves globally . such an understanding provides insight into both the data on which the model was trained and the generalization power of the rules it learned . we present here an approach that learns rules to explain globally the behavior of black box machine learning model ←
→ dual density operators and natural language meaning ; density operators allow for representing ambiguity about a vector representation , both in quantum theory and in distributional natural language meaning . formally equivalently , they allow for discarding part of the description of a composite system , where we consider the discarded part to be the context . we introduce dual density operators , which allow for two independent notions of context . we demonstrate the use of dual density operators within a gramma ←
→ sparseness helps : sparsity augmented collaborative representation for classification ; many classification approaches first represent a test sample using the training samples of all the classes . this collaborative representation is then used to label the test sample . it was a common belief that sparseness of the representation is the key to success for this classification scheme . however , more recently , it has been claimed that it is the collaboration and not the sparseness that makes the scheme effective ←
→ subspace alignment for domain adaptation ; in this paper , we introduce a new domain adaptation ( da ) algorithm where the source and target domains are represented by subspaces spanned by eigenvectors . our method seeks a domain invariant feature space by learning a mapping function which aligns the source subspace with the target one . we show that the solution of the corresponding optimization problem can be obtained in a simple closed form , leading to an extremely fast algorithm . we present two approaches to ←
→ a proposal to design expert system for the calculations in the domain of qft ; main purposes of the paper are followings : 1 ) to show examples of the calculations in domain of qft via `` derivative rules '' of an expert system ; 2 ) to consider advantages and disadvantage that technology of the calculations ; 3 ) to reflect about how one would develop new physical theories , what knowledge would be useful in their investigations and how this problem can be connected with designing an expert system .←
→ abduction , asp and open logic programs ; open logic programs and open entailment have been recently proposed as an abstract framework for the verification of incomplete specifications based upon normal logic programs and the stable model semantics . there are obvious analogies between open predicates and abducible predicates . however , despite superficial similarities , there are features of open programs that have no immediate counterpart in the framework of abduction and viceversa . similarly , open programs c ←
→ image labeling based on graphical models using wasserstein messages and geometric assignment ; we introduce a novel approach to maximum a posteriori inference based on discrete graphical models . by utilizing local wasserstein distances for coupling assignment measures across edges of the underlying graph , a given discrete objective function is smoothly approximated and restricted to the assignment manifold . a corresponding multiplicative update scheme combines in a single process ( i ) geometric integration ←
→ essentially no barriers in neural network energy landscape ; training neural networks involves finding minima of a high - dimensional non - convex loss function . knowledge of the structure of this energy landscape is sparse . relaxing from linear interpolations , we construct continuous paths between minima of recent neural network architectures on cifar10 and cifar100 . surprisingly , the paths are essentially flat in both the training and test landscapes . this implies that neural networks have enough capacity for ←
→ link prediction for partially observed networks ; link prediction is one of the fundamental problems in network analysis . in many applications , notably in genetics , a partially observed network may not contain any negative examples of absent edges , which creates a difficulty for many existing supervised learning approaches . we develop a new method which treats the observed network as a sample of the true network with different sampling rates for positive and negative examples . we obtain a relative ranking o ←
→ convolutional lstm network : a machine learning approach for precipitation nowcasting ; the goal of precipitation nowcasting is to predict the future rainfall intensity in a local region over a relatively short period of time . very few previous studies have examined this crucial and challenging weather forecasting problem from the machine learning perspective . in this paper , we formulate precipitation nowcasting as a spatiotemporal sequence forecasting problem in which both the input and the prediction tar ←
→ learning quadrangulated patches for 3d shape parameterization and completion ; we propose a novel 3d shape parameterization by surface patches , that are oriented by 3d mesh quadrangulation of the shape . by encoding 3d surface detail on local patches , we learn a patch dictionary that identifies principal surface features of the shape . unlike previous methods , we are able to encode surface patches of variable size as determined by the user . we propose novel methods for dictionary learning and patch reconstr ←
→ dynamic local search for the maximum clique problem ; in this paper , we introduce dls - mc , a new stochastic local search algorithm for the maximum clique problem . dls - mc alternates between phases of iterative improvement , during which suitable vertices are added to the current clique , and plateau search , during which vertices of the current clique are swapped with vertices not contained in the current clique . the selection of vertices is solely based on vertex penalties that are dynamically adjusted during t ←
→ learning fine - grained features via a cnn tree for large - scale classification ; we propose a novel approach to enhance the discriminability of convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). the key idea is to build a tree structure that could progressively learn fine - grained features to distinguish a subset of classes , by learning features only among these classes . such features are expected to be more discriminative , compared to features learned for all the classes . we develop a new algorithm to effectively learn t ←
→ denoising and covariance estimation of single particle cryo - em images ; the problem of image restoration in cryo - em entails correcting for the effects of the contrast transfer function ( ctf ) and noise . popular methods for image restoration include ` phase flipping ', which corrects only for the fourier phases but not amplitudes , and wiener filtering , which requires the spectral signal to noise ratio . we propose a new image restoration method which we call ` covariance wiener filtering ' ( cwf ). in cwf , the covar ←
→ proceedings of the seventeenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 2001 ) ; this is the proceedings of the seventeenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in seattle , wa , august 2 - 5 2001 ←
→ maximum likelihood estimation for single linkage hierarchical clustering ; we derive a statistical model for estimation of a dendrogram from single linkage hierarchical clustering ( slhc ) that takes account of uncertainty through noise or corruption in the measurements of separation of data . our focus is on just the estimation of the hierarchy of partitions afforded by the dendrogram , rather than the heights in the latter . the concept of estimating this " dendrogram structure '' is introduced , and an approxima ←
→ effects of stop words elimination for arabic information retrieval : a comparative study ; the effectiveness of three stop words lists for arabic information retrieval --- general stoplist , corpus - based stoplist , combined stoplist --- were investigated in this study . three popular weighting schemes were examined : the inverse document frequency weight , probabilistic weighting , and statistical language modelling . the idea is to combine the statistical approaches with linguistic approaches to reach an optimal pe ←
→ a comparative study of efficient initialization methods for the k - means clustering algorithm ; k - means is undoubtedly the most widely used partitional clustering algorithm . unfortunately , due to its gradient descent nature , this algorithm is highly sensitive to the initial placement of the cluster centers . numerous initialization methods have been proposed to address this problem . in this paper , we first present an overview of these methods with an emphasis on their computational efficiency . we then compa ←
→ what automated planning can do for business process management ; business process management ( bpm ) is a central element of today organizations . despite over the years its main focus has been the support of processes in highly controlled domains , nowadays many domains of interest to the bpm community are characterized by ever - changing requirements , unpredictable environments and increasing amounts of data that influence the execution of process instances . under such dynamic conditions , bpm systems must incre ←
→ reduced ordered binary decision diagram with implied literals : a new knowledge compilation approach ; knowledge compilation is an approach to tackle the computational intractability of general reasoning problems . according to this approach , knowledge bases are converted off - line into a target compilation language which is tractable for on - line querying . reduced ordered binary decision diagram ( robdd ) is one of the most influential target languages . we generalize robdd by associating some implied literals ←
→ a novel approach for pass word authentication using brain - state - in - a box ( bsb ) model ; authentication is the act of confirming the truth of an attribute of a datum or entity . this might involve confirming the identity of a person , tracing the origins of an artefact , ensuring that a product is what it ' s packaging and labelling claims to be , or assuring that a computer program is a trusted one . the authentication of information can pose special problems ( especially man - in - the - middle attacks ), and is ofte ←
→ deep convolutional neural networks for pedestrian detection ; pedestrian detection is a popular research topic due to its paramount importance for a number of applications , especially in the fields of automotive , surveillance and robotics . despite the significant improvements , pedestrian detection is still an open challenge that calls for more and more accurate algorithms . in the last few years , deep learning and in particular convolutional neural networks emerged as the state of the art in terms of accurac ←
→ vggface2 : a dataset for recognising faces across pose and age ; in this paper , we introduce a new large - scale face dataset named vggface2 . the dataset contains 3 . 31 million images of 9131 subjects , with an average of 362 . 6 images for each subject . images are downloaded from google image search and have large variations in pose , age , illumination , ethnicity and profession ( e . g . actors , athletes , politicians ). the dataset was collected with three goals in mind : ( i ) to have both a large number of identities an ←
→ creating a new ontology : a modular approach ; creating a new ontology : a modular approach ←
→ convergence rates for differentially private statistical estimation ; differential privacy is a cryptographically - motivated definition of privacy which has gained significant attention over the past few years . differentially private solutions enforce privacy by adding random noise to a function computed over the data , and the challenge in designing such algorithms is to control the added noise in order to optimize the privacy - accuracy - sample size tradeoff . this work studies differentially - private statisti ←
→ an exact mapping between the variational renormalization group and deep learning ; deep learning is a broad set of techniques that uses multiple layers of representation to automatically learn relevant features directly from structured data . recently , such techniques have yielded record - breaking results on a diverse set of difficult machine learning tasks in computer vision , speech recognition , and natural language processing . despite the enormous success of deep learning , relatively little is understood ←
→ challenge of multi - camera tracking ; multi - camera tracking is quite different from single camera tracking , and it faces new technology and system architecture challenges . by analyzing the corresponding characteristics and disadvantages of the existing algorithms , problems in multi - camera tracking are summarized and some new directions for future work are also generalized .←
→ convolutional neural networks : ensemble modeling , fine - tuning and unsupervised semantic localization for intraoperative cle images ; confocal laser endomicroscopy ( cle ) is an advanced optical fluorescence technology undergoing assessment for applications in brain tumor surgery . despite its promising potential , interpreting the unfamiliar gray tone images of fluorescent stains can be difficult . many of the cle images can be distorted by motion , extremely low or high fluorescence signal , or obscured by red ←
→ modified splice and its extension to non - stereo data for noise robust speech recognition ; in this paper , a modification to the training process of the popular splice algorithm has been proposed for noise robust speech recognition . the modification is based on feature correlations , and enables this stereo - based algorithm to improve the performance in all noise conditions , especially in unseen cases . further , the modified framework is extended to work for non - stereo datasets where clean and noisy training ←
→ using potential influence diagrams for probabilistic inference and decision making ; the potential influence diagram is a generalization of the standard " conditional " influence diagram , a directed network representation for probabilistic inference and decision analysis [ ndilikilikesha , 1991 ]. it allows efficient inference calculations corresponding exactly to those on undirected graphs . in this paper , we explore the relationship between potential and conditional influence diagrams and provide insight into ←
→ online learning with predictable sequences ; we present methods for online linear optimization that take advantage of benign ( as opposed to worst - case ) sequences . specifically if the sequence encountered by the learner is described well by a known " predictable process ", the algorithms presented enjoy tighter bounds as compared to the typical worst case bounds . additionally , the methods achieve the usual worst - case regret bounds if the sequence is not benign . our approach can be seen as a way of adding prior ←
→ selected operations , algorithms , and applications of n - tape weighted finite - state machines ; a weighted finite - state machine with n tapes ( n - wfsm ) defines a rational relation on n strings . it is a generalization of weighted acceptors ( one tape ) and transducers ( two tapes ). after recalling some basic definitions about n - ary weighted rational relations and n - wfsms , we summarize some central operations on these relations and machines , such as join and auto - intersection . unfortunately , due to post ' s corresp ←
→ pedestrian detection inspired by appearance constancy and shape symmetry ; the discrimination and simplicity of features are very important for effective and efficient pedestrian detection . however , most state - of - the - art methods are unable to achieve good tradeoff between accuracy and efficiency . inspired by some simple inherent attributes of pedestrians ( i . e ., appearance constancy and shape symmetry ), we propose two new types of non - neighboring features ( nnf ): side - inner difference features ( sidf ) and symm ←
→ simultaneous multiple surface segmentation using deep learning ; the task of automatically segmenting 3 - d surfaces representing boundaries of objects is important for quantitative analysis of volumetric images , and plays a vital role in biomedical image analysis . recently , graph - based methods with a global optimization property have been developed and optimized for various medical imaging applications . despite their widespread use , these require human experts to design transformations , image features , surfa ←
→ semi - supervised instance population of an ontology using word vector embeddings ; in many modern day systems such as information extraction and knowledge management agents , ontologies play a vital role in maintaining the concept hierarchies of the selected domain . however , ontology population has become a problematic process due to its nature of heavy coupling with manual human intervention . with the use of word embeddings in the field of natural language processing , it became a popular topic due to its a ←
→ a pac - bayesian analysis of graph clustering and pairwise clustering ; we formulate weighted graph clustering as a prediction problem : given a subset of edge weights we analyze the ability of graph clustering to predict the remaining edge weights . this formulation enables practical and theoretical comparison of different approaches to graph clustering as well as comparison of graph clustering with other possible ways to model the graph . we adapt the pac - bayesian analysis of co - clustering ( seldin and tishby , ←
→ a hybrid cpu - gpu parallelization scheme of variable neighborhood search for inventory optimization problems ; in this paper , we study various parallelization schemes for the variable neighborhood search ( vns ) metaheuristic on a cpu - gpu system via openmp and openacc . a hybrid parallel vns method is applied to recent benchmark problem instances for the multi - product dynamic lot sizing problem with product returns and recovery , which appears in reverse logistics and is known to be np - hard . we report our find ←
→ order - free rnn with visual attention for multi - label classification ; in this paper , we propose the joint learning attention and recurrent neural network ( rnn ) models for multi - label classification . while approaches based on the use of either model exist ( e . g ., for the task of image captioning ), training such existing network architectures typically require pre - defined label sequences . for multi - label classification , it would be desirable to have a robust inference process , so that the prediction error woul ←
→ bayesian joint modelling for object localisation in weakly labelled images ; we address the problem of localisation of objects as bounding boxes in images and videos with weak labels . this weakly supervised object localisation problem has been tackled in the past using discriminative models where each object class is localised independently from other classes . in this paper , a novel framework based on bayesian joint topic modelling is proposed , which differs significantly from the existing ones in that : (←
→ draw : deep networks for recognizing styles of artists who illustrate children ' s books ; this paper is motivated from a young boy ' s capability to recognize an illustrator ' s style in a totally different context . in the book " we are all born free " [ 1 ], composed of selected rights from the universal declaration of human rights interpreted by different illustrators , the boy was surprised to see a picture similar to the ones in the " winnie the witch " series drawn by korky paul ( figure 1 ). the style was noticeab ←
→ inferring networked device categories from low - level activity indicators ; we study the problem of inferring the type of a networked device in a home network by leveraging low level traffic activity indicators seen at commodity home gateways . we analyze a dataset of detailed device network activity obtained from 240 subscriber homes of a large european isp and extract a number of traffic and spatial fingerprints for individual devices . we develop a two level taxonomy to describe devices onto which we map in ←
→ generalizing boolean satisfiability ii : theory ; this is the second of three planned papers describing zap , a satisfiability engine that substantially generalizes existing tools while retaining the performance characteristics of modern high performance solvers . the fundamental idea underlying zap is that many problems passed to such engines contain rich internal structure that is obscured by the boolean representation used ; our goal is to define a representation in which this structure is apparent and can e ←
→ tweet acts : a speech act classifier for twitter ; speech acts are a way to conceptualize speech as action . this holds true for communication on any platform , including social media platforms such as twitter . in this paper , we explored speech act recognition on twitter by treating it as a multi - class classification problem . we created a taxonomy of six speech acts for twitter and proposed a set of semantic and syntactic features . we trained and tested a logistic regression classifier using a data set of manu ←
→ a universal approximation theorem for mixture of experts models ; the mixture of experts ( moe ) model is a popular neural network architecture for nonlinear regression and classification . the class of moe mean functions is known to be uniformly convergent to any unknown target function , assuming that the target function is from sobolev space that is sufficiently differentiable and that the domain of estimation is a compact unit hypercube . we provide an alternative result , which shows that the class of moe me ←
→ recurrent spatial transformer networks ; we integrate the recently proposed spatial transformer network ( spn ) [ jaderberg et . al 2015 ] into a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) to form an rnn - spn model . we use the rnn - spn to classify digits in cluttered mnist sequences . the proposed model achieves a single digit error of 1 . 5 % compared to 2 . 9 % for a convolutional networks and 2 . 0 % for convolutional networks with spn layers . the spn outputs a zoomed , rotated and skewed version of the input image . we investigate di ←
→ a domain based approach to social relation recognition ; social relations are the foundation of human daily life . developing techniques to analyze such relations from visual data bears great potential to build machines that better understand us and are capable of interacting with us at a social level . previous investigations have remained partial due to the overwhelming diversity and complexity of the topic and consequently have only focused on a handful of social relations . in this paper , we argue that the ←
→ subsampled online matrix factorization with convergence guarantees ; we present a matrix factorization algorithm that scales to input matrices that are large in both dimensions ( i . e ., that contains morethan 1tb of data ). the algorithm streams the matrix columns while subsampling them , resulting in low complexity per iteration andreasonable memory footprint . in contrast to previous online matrix factorization methods , our approach relies on low - dimensional statistics from past iterates to control the extra v ←
→ a regression model with a hidden logistic process for signal parametrization ; a new approach for signal parametrization , which consists of a specific regression model incorporating a discrete hidden logistic process , is proposed . the model parameters are estimated by the maximum likelihood method performed by a dedicated expectation maximization ( em ) algorithm . the parameters of the hidden logistic process , in the inner loop of the em algorithm , are estimated using a multi - class iterative reweighted leas ←
→ using qualitative hypotheses to identify inaccurate data ; identifying inaccurate data has long been regarded as a significant and difficult problem in ai . in this paper , we present a new method for identifying inaccurate data on the basis of qualitative correlations among related data . first , we introduce the definitions of related data and qualitative correlations among related data . then we put forward a new concept called support coefficient function ( scf ). scf can be used to extract , represent , and cal ←
→ gabor wavelets combined with volumetric fractal dimension applied to texture analysis ; texture analysis and classification remain as one of the biggest challenges for the field of computer vision and pattern recognition . on this matter , gabor wavelets has proven to be a useful technique to characterize distinctive texture patterns . however , most of the approaches used to extract descriptors of the gabor magnitude space usually fail in representing adequately the richness of detail present into a unique f ←
→ visualizing textual models with in - text and word - as - pixel highlighting ; we explore two techniques which use color to make sense of statistical text models . one method uses in - text annotations to illustrate a model ' s view of particular tokens in particular documents . another uses a high - level , " words - as - pixels " graphic to display an entire corpus . together , these methods offer both zoomed - in and zoomed - out perspectives into a model ' s understanding of text . we show how these interconnected methods help diagn ←
→ diversity and degrees of freedom in regression ensembles ; ensemble methods are a cornerstone of modern machine learning . the performance of an ensemble depends crucially upon the level of diversity between its constituent learners . this paper establishes a connection between diversity and degrees of freedom ( i . e . the capacity of the model ), showing that diversity may be viewed as a form of inverse regularisation . this is achieved by focusing on a previously published algorithm negative correlation learning ←
→ computing topology preservation of rbf transformations for landmark - based image registration ; in image registration , a proper transformation should be topology preserving . especially for landmark - based image registration , if the displacement of one landmark is larger enough than those of neighbourhood landmarks , topology violation will be occurred . this paper aim to analyse the topology preservation of some radial basis functions ( rbfs ) which are used to model deformations in image registration . mat \'{ e }←
→ multi - task learning of time series and its application to the travel demand ; we address the problem of modeling and prediction of a set of temporal events in the context of intelligent transportation systems . to leverage the information shared by different events , we propose a multi - task learning framework . we develop a support vector regression model for joint learning of mutually dependent time series . it is the regularization - based multi - task learning previously developed for the classification case a ←
→ deep gate recurrent neural network ; this paper introduces two recurrent neural network structures called simple gated unit ( sgu ) and deep simple gated unit ( dsgu ), which are general structures for learning long term dependencies . compared to traditional long short - term memory ( lstm ) and gated recurrent unit ( gru ), both structures require fewer parameters and less computation time in sequence classification tasks . unlike gru and lstm , which require more than one gates to control information flow in the netw ←
→ acoustic modeling using a shallow cnn - htsvm architecture ; high - accuracy speech recognition is especially challenging when large datasets are not available . it is possible to bridge this gap with careful and knowledge - driven parsing combined with the biologically inspired cnn and the learning guarantees of the vapnik chervonenkis ( vc ) theory . this work presents a shallow - cnn - htsvm ( hierarchical tree support vector machine classifier ) architecture which uses a predefined knowledge - based set of rules with sta ←
→ cascaded pyramid network for multi - person pose estimation ; the topic of multi - person pose estimation has been largely improved recently , especially with the development of convolutional neural network . however , there still exist a lot of challenging cases , such as occluded keypoints , invisible keypoints and complex background , which cannot be well addressed . in this paper , we present a novel network structure called cascaded pyramid network ( cpn ) which targets to relieve the problem from these " hard " keypo ←
→ focus of attention for linear predictors ; we present a method to stop the evaluation of a prediction process when the result of the full evaluation is obvious . this trait is highly desirable in prediction tasks where a predictor evaluates all its features for every example in large datasets . we observe that some examples are easier to classify than others , a phenomenon which is characterized by the event when most of the features agree on the class of an example . by stopping the feature evaluation when enc ←
→ preserving differential privacy in convolutional deep belief networks ; the remarkable development of deep learning in medicine and healthcare domain presents obvious privacy issues , when deep neural networks are built on users ' personal and highly sensitive data , e . g ., clinical records , user profiles , biomedical images , etc . however , only a few scientific studies on preserving privacy in deep learning have been conducted . in this paper , we focus on developing a private convolutional deep belief network ( pc ←
→ the ( 1 + 1 ) elitist black - box complexity of leadingones ; one important goal of black - box complexity theory is the development of complexity models allowing to derive meaningful lower bounds for whole classes of randomized search heuristics . complementing classical runtime analysis , black - box models help us understand how algorithmic choices such as the population size , the variation operators , or the selection rules influence the optimization time . one example for such a result is the $\ omega ( n \ log n )$ lowe ←
→ improving connectionist energy minimization ; symmetric networks designed for energy minimization such as boltzman machines and hopfield nets are frequently investigated for use in optimization , constraint satisfaction and approximation of np - hard problems . nevertheless , finding a global solution ( i . e ., a global minimum for the energy function ) is not guaranteed and even a local solution may take an exponential number of steps . we propose an improvement to the standard local activation function used for suc ←
→ extension of tsvm to multi - class and hierarchical text classification problems with general losses ; transductive svm ( tsvm ) is a well known semi - supervised large margin learning method for binary text classification . in this paper we extend this method to multi - class and hierarchical classification problems . we point out that the determination of labels of unlabeled examples with fixed classifier weights is a linear programming problem . we devise an efficient technique for solving it . the method is appli ←
→ insights into entity name evolution on wikipedia ; working with web archives raises a number of issues caused by their temporal characteristics . depending on the age of the content , additional knowledge might be needed to find and understand older texts . especially facts about entities are subject to change . most severe in terms of information retrieval are name changes . in order to find entities that have changed their name over time , search engines need to be aware of this evolution . we tackle this proble ←
→ learning sparse feature representations using probabilistic quadtrees and deep belief nets ; learning sparse feature representations is a useful instrument for solving an unsupervised learning problem . in this paper , we present three labeled handwritten digit datasets , collectively called n - mnist . then , we propose a novel framework for the classification of handwritten digits that learns sparse representations using probabilistic quadtrees and deep belief nets . on the mnist and n - mnist datasets , our frame ←
→ multitask learning and benchmarking with clinical time series data ; health care is one of the most exciting frontiers in data mining and machine learning . successful adoption of electronic health records ( ehrs ) created an explosion in digital clinical data available for analysis , but progress in machine learning for healthcare research has been difficult to measure because of the absence of publicly available benchmark data sets . to address this problem , we propose four clinical prediction benchmarks using ←
→ multiview hessian regularized logistic regression for action recognition ; with the rapid development of social media sharing , people often need to manage the growing volume of multimedia data such as large scale video classification and annotation , especially to organize those videos containing human activities . recently , manifold regularized semi - supervised learning ( ssl ), which explores the intrinsic data probability distribution and then improves the generalization ability with only a small number of la ←
→ learning of optimal forecast aggregation in partial evidence environments ; we consider the forecast aggregation problem in repeated settings , where the forecasts are done on a binary event . at each period multiple experts provide forecasts about an event . the goal of the aggregator is to aggregate those forecasts into a subjective accurate forecast . we assume that experts are bayesian ; namely they share a common prior , each expert is exposed to some evidence , and each expert applies bayes rule to deduce ←
→ actigraphy - based sleep / wake pattern detection using convolutional neural networks ; common medical conditions are often associated with sleep abnormalities . patients with medical disorders often suffer from poor sleep quality compared to healthy individuals , which in turn may worsen the symptoms of the disorder . accurate detection of sleep / wake patterns is important in developing personalized digital markers , which can be used for objective measurements and efficient disease management . big data technolog ←
→ statistical compressive sensing of gaussian mixture models ; a new framework of compressive sensing ( cs ), namely statistical compressive sensing ( scs ), that aims at efficiently sampling a collection of signals that follow a statistical distribution and achieving accurate reconstruction on average , is introduced . for signals following a gaussian distribution , with gaussian or bernoulli sensing matrices of o ( k ) measurements , considerably smaller than the o ( k log ( n / k )) required by conventional cs , where n is t ←
→ flexible prior distributions for deep generative models ; we consider the problem of training generative models with deep neural networks as generators , i . e . to map latent codes to data points . whereas the dominant paradigm combines simple priors over codes with complex deterministic models , we argue that it might be advantageous to use more flexible code distributions . we demonstrate how these distributions can be induced directly from the data . the benefits include : more powerful generative models , better ←
→ prediction scores as a window into classifier behavior ; most multi - class classifiers make their prediction for a test sample by scoring the classes and selecting the one with the highest score . analyzing these prediction scores is useful to understand the classifier behavior and to assess its reliability . we present an interactive visualization that facilitates per - class analysis of these scores . our system , called classilist , enables relating these scores to the classification correctness and to the under ←
→ predicting clinical events by combining static and dynamic information using recurrent neural networks ; in clinical data sets we often find static information ( e . g . patient gender , blood type , etc .) combined with sequences of data that are recorded during multiple hospital visits ( e . g . medications prescribed , tests performed , etc .). recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have proven to be very successful for modelling sequences of data in many areas of machine learning . in this work we present an approach base ←
→ adposition and case supersenses v2 : guidelines for english ; this document describes in detail an inventory of 50 semantic labels designed to characterize the use of adpositions and case markers at a somewhat coarse level of granularity . version 2 is a revision of the supersense inventory proposed for english by schneider et al . ( 2015 , 2016 ) and documented in prepwiki ( henceforth " v1 "), which in turn was based on previous schemes . the present inventory was developed after extensive review of the v1 corpus a ←
→ on the complexity of curve fitting algorithms ; we study a popular algorithm for fitting polynomial curves to scattered data based on the least squares with gradient weights . we show that sometimes this algorithm admits a substantial reduction of complexity , and , furthermore , find precise conditions under which this is possible . it turns out that this is , indeed , possible when one fits circles but not ellipses or hyperbolas .←
→ improved calibration of near - infrared spectra by using ensembles of neural network models ; ir or near - infrared ( nir ) spectroscopy is a method used to identify a compound or to analyze the composition of a material . calibration of nir spectra refers to the use of the spectra as multivariate descriptors to predict concentrations of the constituents . to build a calibration model , state - of - the - art software predominantly uses linear regression techniques . for nonlinear calibration problems , neural network - bas ←
→ pure and hybrid evolutionary computing in global optimization of chemical structures : from atoms and molecules to clusters and crystals ; the growth of evolutionary computing ( ec ) methods in the exploration of complex potential energy landscapes of atomic and molecular clusters , as well as crystals over the last decade or so is reviewed . the trend of growth indicates that pure as well as hybrid evolutionary computing techniques in conjunction of dft has been emerging as a powerful tool , although work on m ←
→ segmenting dermoscopic images ; we propose an automatic algorithm , named sdi , for the segmentation of skin lesions in dermoscopic images , articulated into three main steps : selection of the image roi , selection of the segmentation band , and segmentation . we present extensive experimental results achieved by the sdi algorithm on the lesion segmentation dataset made available for the isic 2017 challenge on skin lesion analysis towards melanoma detection , highlighting its advantages and disadvantages .←
→ scalable discrete supervised hash learning with asymmetric matrix factorization ; hashing method maps similar data to binary hashcodes with smaller hamming distance , and it has received a broad attention due to its low storage cost and fast retrieval speed . however , the existing limitations make the present algorithms difficult to deal with large - scale datasets : ( 1 ) discrete constraints are involved in the learning of the hash function ; ( 2 ) pairwise or triplet similarity is adopted to generate efficient h ←
→ photorealistic facial texture inference using deep neural networks ; we present a data - driven inference method that can synthesize a photorealistic texture map of a complete 3d face model given a partial 2d view of a person in the wild . after an initial estimation of shape and low - frequency albedo , we compute a high - frequency partial texture map , without the shading component , of the visible face area . to extract the fine appearance details from this incomplete input , we introduce a multi - scale detail analy ←
→ online learning , stability , and stochastic gradient descent ; in batch learning , stability together with existence and uniqueness of the solution corresponds to well - posedness of empirical risk minimization ( erm ) methods ; recently , it was proved that cv_loo stability is necessary and sufficient for generalization and consistency of erm . in this note , we introduce cv_on stability , which plays a similar note in online learning . we show that stochastic gradient descent ( sdg ) with the usual hypotheses is cvon s ←
→ camera - based vehicle velocity estimation from monocular video ; this paper documents the winning entry at the cvpr2017 vehicle velocity estimation challenge . velocity estimation is an emerging task in autonomous driving which has not yet been thoroughly explored . the goal is to estimate the relative velocity of a specific vehicle from a sequence of images . in this paper , we present a light - weight approach for directly regressing vehicle velocities from their trajectories using a multilayer perceptron . anoth ←
→ bayesian optimization in a billion dimensions via random embeddings ; bayesian optimization techniques have been successfully applied to robotics , planning , sensor placement , recommendation , advertising , intelligent user interfaces and automatic algorithm configuration . despite these successes , the approach is restricted to problems of moderate dimension , and several workshops on bayesian optimization have identified its scaling to high - dimensions as one of the holy grails of the field . in this paper , we in ←
→ distant supervision for emotion detection using facebook reactions ; we exploit the facebook reaction feature in a distant supervised fashion to train a support vector machine classifier for emotion detection , using several feature combinations and combining different facebook pages . we test our models on existing benchmarks for emotion detection and show that employing only information that is derived completely automatically , thus without relying on any handcrafted lexicon as it ' s usually done , we can ach ←
→ causal discovery of linear cyclic models from multiple experimental data sets with overlapping variables ; much of scientific data is collected as randomized experiments intervening on some and observing other variables of interest . quite often , a given phenomenon is investigated in several studies , and different sets of variables are involved in each study . in this article we consider the problem of integrating such knowledge , inferring as much as possible concerning the underlying causal structure with ←
→ linear additive markov processes ; we introduce lamp : the linear additive markov process . transitions in lamp may be influenced by states visited in the distant history of the process , but unlike higher - order markov processes , lamp retains an efficient parametrization . lamp also allows the specific dependence on history to be learned efficiently from data . we characterize some theoretical properties of lamp , including its steady - state and mixing time . we then give an algorithm based on alternating minimizat ←
→ nk landscapes difficulty and negative slope coefficient : how sampling influences the results ; negative slope coefficient is an indicator of problem hardness that has been introduced in 2004 and that has returned promising results on a large set of problems . it is based on the concept of fitness cloud and works by partitioning the cloud into a number of bins representing as many different regions of the fitness landscape . the measure is calculated by joining the bins centroids by segments and summing all ←
→ causal inference for cloud computing ; cloud computing involves complex technical and economical systems and interactions . this brings about various challenges , two of which are : ( 1 ) debugging and control of computing systems with the help of sandbox experiments , and ( 2 ) prediction of the cost of " spot " resources for decision making of cloud clients . in this paper , we formalize debugging by counterfactual probabilities and control by post -( soft -) interventional probabilities . we prove that counterfactuals ca ←
→ stability of items : an experimental test ; the words of a language are randomly replaced in time by new ones , but long since it was observed that words corresponding to some items ( meanings ) are less frequently replaced then others . usually , the rate of replacement for a given item is not directly observable , but it is inferred by the estimated stability which , on the contrary , is observable . this idea goes back a long way in the lexicostatistical literature , nevertheless nothing ensures that it gives the c ←
→ sparsification and feature selection by compressive linear regression ; the minimum description length ( mdl ) principle states that the optimal model for a given data set is that which compresses it best . due to practial limitations the model can be restricted to a class such as linear regression models , which we address in this study . as in other formulations such as the lasso and forward step - wise regression we are interested in sparsifying the feature set while preserving generalization ability . we derive ←
→ to tune or not to tune the number of trees in random forest ? ; the number of trees t in the random forest ( rf ) algorithm for supervised learning has to be set by the user . it is controversial whether t should simply be set to the largest computationally manageable value or whether a smaller t may in some cases be better . while the principle underlying bagging is that " more trees are better ", in practice the classification error rate sometimes reaches a minimum before increasing again for increasing number o ←
→ semantically decomposing the latent spaces of generative adversarial networks ; we propose a new algorithm for training generative adversarial networks that jointly learns latent codes for both identities ( e . g . individual humans ) and observations ( e . g . specific photographs ). by fixing the identity portion of the latent codes , we can generate diverse images of the same subject , and by fixing the observation portion , we can traverse the manifold of subjects while maintaining contingent aspects such as light ←
→ compact hyperplane hashing with bilinear functions ; hyperplane hashing aims at rapidly searching nearest points to a hyperplane , and has shown practical impact in scaling up active learning with svms . unfortunately , the existing randomized methods need long hash codes to achieve reasonable search accuracy and thus suffer from reduced search speed and large memory overhead . to this end , this paper proposes a novel hyperplane hashing technique which yields compact hash codes . the key idea is the bilinear for ←
→ modeling spatial - temporal dynamics for traffic prediction ; spatial - temporal prediction has many applications such as climate forecasting and urban planning . in particular , traffic prediction has drawn increasing attention in data mining research field for the growing traffic related datasets and for its impacts in real - world applications . for example , an accurate taxi demand prediction can assist taxi companies to pre - allocate taxis to meet with commuting demands . the key challenge of traffic prediction li ←
→ robust subspace system identification via weighted nuclear norm optimization ; subspace identification is a classical and very well studied problem in system identification . the problem was recently posed as a convex optimization problem via the nuclear norm relaxation . inspired by robust pca , we extend this framework to handle outliers . the proposed framework takes the form of a convex optimization problem with an objective that trades off fit , rank and sparsity . as in robust pca , it can be problematic t ←
→ local optima networks of nk landscapes with neutrality ; in previous work we have introduced a network - based model that abstracts many details of the underlying landscape and compresses the landscape information into a weighted , oriented graph which we call the local optima network . the vertices of this graph are the local optima of the given fitness landscape , while the arcs are transition probabilities between local optima basins . here we extend this formalism to neutral fitness landscapes , which are comm ←
→ satellite image forgery detection and localization using gan and one - class classifier ; current satellite imaging technology enables shooting high - resolution pictures of the ground . as any other kind of digital images , overhead pictures can also be easily forged . however , common image forensic techniques are often developed for consumer camera images , which strongly differ in their nature from satellite ones ( e . g ., compression schemes , post - processing , sensors , etc .). therefore , many accurate state - of - the ←
→ logical stochastic optimization ; we present a logical framework to represent and reason about stochastic optimization problems based on probability answer set programming . this is established by allowing probability optimization aggregates , e . g ., minimum and maximum in the language of probability answer set programming to allow minimization or maximization of some desired criteria under the probabilistic environments . we show the application of the proposed logical stochastic optimization framework under t ←
→ emoatt at emoint - 2017 : inner attention sentence embedding for emotion intensity ; in this paper we describe a deep learning system that has been designed and built for the wassa 2017 emotion intensity shared task . we introduce a representation learning approach based on inner attention on top of an rnn . results show that our model offers good capabilities and is able to successfully identify emotion - bearing words to predict intensity without leveraging on lexicons , obtaining the 13th place among 22 shared ←
→ on the connection between learning two - layers neural networks and tensor decomposition ; we establish connections between the problem of learning a two - layers neural network with good generalization error and tensor decomposition . we consider a model with input $\ boldsymbol x \ in \ mathbb r ^ d $, $ r $ hidden units with weights $\{\ boldsymbol w_i \} _ { 1 \ le i \ le r }$ and output $ y \ in \ mathbb r $, i . e ., $ y =\ sum_ { i = 1 }^ r \ sigma (\ left \ langle \ boldsymbol x , \ boldsymbol w_i \ right \ rangle )$, where $\ sigma $ denotes the a ←
→ emnist : an extension of mnist to handwritten letters ; the mnist dataset has become a standard benchmark for learning , classification and computer vision systems . contributing to its widespread adoption are the understandable and intuitive nature of the task , its relatively small size and storage requirements and the accessibility and ease - of - use of the database itself . the mnist database was derived from a larger dataset known as the nist special database 19 which contains digits , uppercase and lowercase h ←
→ fast methods for recovering sparse parameters in linear low rank models ; in this paper , we investigate the recovery of a sparse weight vector ( parameters vector ) from a set of noisy linear combinations . however , only partial information about the matrix representing the linear combinations is available . assuming a low - rank structure for the matrix , one natural solution would be to first apply a matrix completion on the data , and then to solve the resulting compressed sensing problem . in big data applicatio ←
→ discovering causal structures in binary exclusive - or skew acyclic models ; discovering causal relations among observed variables in a given data set is a main topic in studies of statistics and artificial intelligence . recently , some techniques to discover an identifiable causal structure have been explored based on non - gaussianity of the observed data distribution . however , most of these are limited to continuous data . in this paper , we present a novel causal model for binary data and propose a new approac ←
→ stochastic model for phonemes uncovers an author - dependency of their usage ; we study rank - frequency relations for phonemes , the minimal units that still relate to linguistic meaning . we show that these relations can be described by the dirichlet distribution , a direct analogue of the ideal - gas model in statistical mechanics . this description allows us to demonstrate that the rank - frequency relations for phonemes of a text do depend on its author . the author - dependency effect is not caused by the author ' s ←
→ a genetic algorithm to solve the container storage space allocation problem ; this paper presented a genetic algorithm ( ga ) to solve the container storage problem in the port . this problem is studied with different container types such as regular , open side , open top , tank , empty and refrigerated containers . the objective of this problem is to determine an optimal containers arrangement , which respects customers delivery deadlines , reduces the rehandle operations of containers and minimizes the stop time ←
→ testing of information condensation in a model reverberating spiking neural network ; information about external world is delivered to the brain in the form of structured in time spike trains . during further processing in higher areas , information is subjected to a certain condensation process , which results in formation of abstract conceptual images of external world , apparently , represented as certain uniform spiking activity partially independent on the input spike trains details . possible physical mec ←
→ deep learning for isotropic super - resolution from non - isotropic 3d electron microscopy ; the most sophisticated existing methods to generate 3d isotropic super - resolution ( sr ) from non - isotropic electron microscopy ( em ) are based on learned dictionaries . unfortunately , none of the existing methods generate practically satisfying results . for 2d natural images , recently developed super - resolution methods that use deep learning have been shown to significantly outperform the previous state of the art . we ←
→ discrete approximations of the affine gaussian derivative model for visual receptive fields ; the affine gaussian derivative model can in several respects be regarded as a canonical model for receptive fields over a spatial image domain : ( i ) it can be derived by necessity from scale - space axioms that reflect structural properties of the world , ( ii ) it constitutes an excellent model for the receptive fields of simple cells in the primary visual cortex and ( iii ) it is covariant under affine image deformatio ←
→ predicting adversarial examples with high confidence ; it has been suggested that adversarial examples cause deep learning models to make incorrect predictions with high confidence . in this work , we take the opposite stance : an overly confident model is more likely to be vulnerable to adversarial examples . this work is one of the most proactive approaches taken to date , as we link robustness with non - calibrated model confidence on noisy images , providing a data - augmentation - free path forward . the adversaria ←
→ mtd ( f ), a minimax algorithm faster than negascout ; mtd ( f ) is a new minimax search algorithm , simpler and more efficient than previous algorithms . in tests with a number of tournament game playing programs for chess , checkers and othello it performed better , on average , than negascout / pvs ( the alphabeta variant used in practically all good chess , checkers , and othello programs ). one of the strongest chess programs of the moment , mit ' s parallel chess program cilkchess uses mtd ( f ) as its search algorithm , rep ←
→ katyusha x : practical momentum method for stochastic sum - of - nonconvex optimization ; the problem of minimizing sum - of - nonconvex functions ( i . e ., convex functions that are average of non - convex ones ) is becoming increasingly important in machine learning , and is the core machinery for pca , svd , regularized newton ' s method , accelerated non - convex optimization , and more . we show how to provably obtain an accelerated stochastic algorithm for minimizing sum - of - nonconvex functions , by $\ textit { adding one addi ←
→ query dags : a practical paradigm for implementing belief - network inference ; we describe a new paradigm for implementing inference in belief networks , which consists of two steps : ( 1 ) compiling a belief network into an arithmetic expression called a query dag ( q - dag ); and ( 2 ) answering queries using a simple evaluation algorithm . each node of a q - dag represents a numeric operation , a number , or a symbol for evidence . each leaf node of a q - dag represents the answer to a network query , that is , the probabil ←
→ a log - euclidean and total variation based variational framework for computational sonography ; we propose a spatial compounding technique and variational framework to improve 3d ultrasound image quality by compositing multiple ultrasound volumes acquired from different probe orientations . in the composite volume , instead of intensity values , we estimate a tensor at every voxel . the resultant tensor image encapsulates the directional information of the underlying imaging data and can be used to generate ul ←
→ dense fully convolutional network for skin lesion segmentation ; skin cancer is a deadly disease and is on the rise in the world . computerized diagnosis of skin cancer can accelerate the detection of this type of cancer that is a key point in increasing the survival rate of patients . lesion segmentation in skin images is an important step in computerized detection of the skin cancer . existing methods for this aim usually lack accuracy especially in fuzzy borders of lesions . in this paper , we propose a new c ←
→ sparsey : event recognition via deep hierarchical spare distributed codes ; visual cortex ' s hierarchical , multi - level organization is captured in many biologically inspired computational vision models , the general idea being that progressively larger scale , more complex spatiotemporal features are represented in progressively higher areas . however , most earlier models use localist representations ( codes ) in each representational field , which we equate with the cortical macrocolumn ( mac ), at each level . in lo ←
→ inferring strategies for sentence ordering in multidocument news summarization ; the problem of organizing information for multidocument summarization so that the generated summary is coherent has received relatively little attention . while sentence ordering for single document summarization can be determined from the ordering of sentences in the input article , this is not the case for multidocument summarization where summary sentences may be drawn from different input articles . in this paper , we propose ←
→ arithmetic and frequency filtering methods of pixel - based image fusion techniques ; in remote sensing , image fusion technique is a useful tool used to fuse high spatial resolution panchromatic images ( pan ) with lower spatial resolution multispectral images ( ms ) to create a high spatial resolution multispectral of image fusion ( f ) while preserving the spectral information in the multispectral image ( ms ). there are many pan sharpening techniques or pixel - based image fusion techniques that have been developed ←
→ multi - topic multi - document summarizer ; current multi - document summarization systems can successfully extract summary sentences , however with many limitations including : low coverage , inaccurate extraction to important sentences , redundancy and poor coherence among the selected sentences . the present study introduces a new concept of centroid approach and reports new techniques for extracting summary sentences for multi - document . in both techniques keyphrases are used to weigh sentences and documents . the f ←
→ theory of finite or infinite trees revisited ; we present in this paper a first - order axiomatization of an extended theory $ t $ of finite or infinite trees , built on a signature containing an infinite set of function symbols and a relation $\ fini ( t )$ which enables to distinguish between finite or infinite trees . we show that $ t $ has at least one model and prove its completeness by giving not only a decision procedure , but a full first - order constraint solver which gives clear and explicit solutions for any f ←
→ iterative deepening branch and bound ; in tree search problem the best - first search algorithm needs too much of space . to remove such drawbacks of these algorithms the ida * was developed which is both space and time cost efficient . but again ida * can give an optimal solution for real valued problems like flow shop scheduling , travelling salesman and 0 / 1 knapsack due to their real valued cost estimates . thus further modifications are done on it and the iterative deepening branch and bound search algorithms ←
→ limitations on variance - reduction and acceleration schemes for finite sum optimization ; we study the conditions under which one is able to efficiently apply variance - reduction and acceleration schemes on finite sum optimization problems . first , we show that , perhaps surprisingly , the finite sum structure by itself , is not sufficient for obtaining a complexity bound of $\ tilde {\ co }(( n + l /\ mu )\ ln ( 1 /\ epsilon ))$ for $ l $- smooth and $\ mu $- strongly convex individual functions - one must also know which individua ←
→ implementing a reverse dictionary , based on word definitions , using a node - graph architecture ; in this paper , we outline an approach to build graph - based reverse dictionaries using word definitions . a reverse dictionary takes a phrase as an input and outputs a list of words semantically similar to that phrase . it is a solution to the tip - of - the - tongue problem . we use a distance - based similarity measure , computed on a graph , to assess the similarity between a word and the input phrase . we compare the perf ←
→ deontic modality based on preference ; deontic modalities are here defined in terms of the preference relation explored in our previous work ( osherson and weinstein , 2012 ). some consequences of the system are discussed .←
→ counterfactual control for free from generative models ; we introduce a method by which a generative model learning the joint distribution between actions and future states can be used to automatically infer a control scheme for any desired reward function , which may be altered on the fly without retraining the model . in this method , the problem of action selection is reduced to one of gradient descent on the latent space of the generative model , with the model itself providing the means of evaluating outco ←
→ unified heat kernel regression for diffusion , kernel smoothing and wavelets on manifolds and its application to mandible growth modeling in ct images ; we present a novel kernel regression framework for smoothing scalar surface data using the laplace - beltrami eigenfunctions . starting with the heat kernel constructed from the eigenfunctions , we formulate a new bivariate kernel regression framework as a weighted eigenfunction expansion with the heat kernel as the weights . the new kernel regression is math ←
→ monolingual probabilistic programming using generalized coroutines ; probabilistic programming languages and modeling toolkits are two modular ways to build and reuse stochastic models and inference procedures . combining strengths of both , we express models and inference as generalized coroutines in the same general - purpose language . we use existing facilities of the language , such as rich libraries , optimizing compilers , and types , to develop concise , declarative , and realistic models with competitive perf ←
→ energy sharing for multiple sensor nodes with finite buffers ; we consider the problem of finding optimal energy sharing policies that maximize the network performance of a system comprising of multiple sensor nodes and a single energy harvesting ( eh ) source . sensor nodes periodically sense the random field and generate data , which is stored in the corresponding data queues . the eh source harnesses energy from ambient energy sources and the generated energy is stored in an energy buffer . sensor nodes receiv ←
→ cox ' s theorem revisited ; the assumptions needed to prove cox ' s theorem are discussed and examined . various sets of assumptions under which a cox - style theorem can be proved are provided , although all are rather strong and , arguably , not natural .←
→ data clustering using a hybrid of fuzzy c - means and quantum - behaved particle swarm optimization ; fuzzy clustering has become a widely used data mining technique and plays an important role in grouping , traversing and selectively using data for user specified applications . the deterministic fuzzy c - means ( fcm ) algorithm may result in suboptimal solutions when applied to multidimensional data in real - world , time - constrained problems . in this paper the quantum - behaved particle swarm optimization ( qpso ) with ←
→ near - optimal entrywise sampling for data matrices ; we consider the problem of selecting non - zero entries of a matrix $ a $ in order to produce a sparse sketch of it , $ b $, that minimizes $\| a - b \| _2 $. for large $ m \ times n $ matrices , such that $ n \ gg m $ ( for example , representing $ n $ observations over $ m $ attributes ) we give sampling distributions that exhibit four important properties . first , they have closed forms computable from minimal information regarding $ a $. second , they allow sketching of matrices who ←
→ image compression with svd : a new quality metric based on energy ratio ; digital image compression is a technique that allows to reduce the size of an image in order to increase the capacity storage devices and to optimize the use of network bandwidth . the quality of compressed images with the techniques based on the discrete cosine transform or the wavelet transform is generally measured with psnr or ssim . theses metrics are not suitable to images compressed with the singular values decomposition . this pa ←
→ multi - label class - imbalanced action recognition in hockey videos via 3d convolutional neural networks ; automatic analysis of the video is one of most complex problems in the fields of computer vision and machine learning . a significant part of this research deals with ( human ) activity recognition ( har ) since humans , and the activities that they perform , generate most of the video semantics . video - based har has applications in various domains , but one of the most important and challenging is har in sports ←
→ diagonal rnns in symbolic music modeling ; in this paper , we propose a new recurrent neural network ( rnn ) architecture . the novelty is simple : we use diagonal recurrent matrices instead of full . this results in better test likelihood and faster convergence compared to regular full rnns in most of our experiments . we show the benefits of using diagonal recurrent matrices with popularly used lstm and gru architectures as well as with the vanilla rnn architecture , on four standard symbolic music datasets .←
→ residual dense network for image super - resolution ; a very deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) has recently achieved great success for image super - resolution ( sr ) and offered hierarchical features as well . however , most deep cnn based sr models do not make full use of the hierarchical features from the original low - resolution ( lr ) images , thereby achieving relatively - low performance . in this paper , we propose a novel residual dense network ( rdn ) to address this problem in image sr . we fully exploit the ←
→ beyond l2 - loss functions for learning sparse models ; incorporating sparsity priors in learning tasks can give rise to simple , and interpretable models for complex high dimensional data . sparse models have found widespread use in structure discovery , recovering data from corruptions , and a variety of large scale unsupervised and supervised learning problems . assuming the availability of sufficient data , these methods infer dictionaries for sparse representations by optimizing for high - fidelity reconstructio ←
→ local naive bayes nearest neighbor for image classification ; we present local naive bayes nearest neighbor , an improvement to the nbnn image classification algorithm that increases classification accuracy and improves its ability to scale to large numbers of object classes . the key observation is that only the classes represented in the local neighborhood of a descriptor contribute significantly and reliably to their posterior probability estimates . instead of maintaining a separate search structure for ea ←
→ compact argumentation frameworks ; abstract argumentation frameworks ( afs ) are one of the most studied formalisms in ai . in this work , we introduce a certain subclass of afs which we call compact . given an extension - based semantics , the corresponding compact afs are characterized by the feature that each argument of the af occurs in at least one extension . this not only guarantees a certain notion of fairness ; compact afs are thus also minimal in the sense that no argument can be removed without changing th ←
→ learning deep features for one - class classification ; we propose a deep learning - based solution for the problem of feature learning in one - class classification . the proposed method operates on top of a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) of choice and produces descriptive features while maintaining a low intra - class variance in the feature space for the given class . for this purpose two loss functions , compactness loss and descriptiveness loss are proposed along with a parallel cnn architecture . a template m ←
→ definition modeling : learning to define word embeddings in natural language ; distributed representations of words have been shown to capture lexical semantics , as demonstrated by their effectiveness in word similarity and analogical relation tasks . but , these tasks only evaluate lexical semantics indirectly . in this paper , we study whether it is possible to utilize distributed representations to generate dictionary definitions of words , as a more direct and transparent representation of the embeddings ' s ←
→ sensor validation using dynamic belief networks ; the trajectory of a robot is monitored in a restricted dynamic environment using light beam sensor data . we have a dynamic belief network ( dbn ), based on a discrete model of the domain , which provides discrete monitoring analogous to conventional quantitative filter techniques . sensor observations are added to the basic dbn in the form of specific evidence . however , sensor data is often partially or totally incorrect . we show how the basic dbn , which infers ←
→ risk bounds for mode clustering ; density mode clustering is a nonparametric clustering method . the clusters are the basins of attraction of the modes of a density estimator . we study the risk of mode - based clustering . we show that the clustering risk over the cluster cores --- the regions where the density is high --- is very small even in high dimensions . and under a low noise condition , the overall cluster risk is small even beyond the cores , in high dimensions .←
→ interference effects in quantum belief networks ; probabilistic graphical models such as bayesian networks are one of the most powerful structures known by the computer science community for deriving probabilistic inferences . however , modern cognitive psychology has revealed that human decisions could not follow the rules of classical probability theory , because humans cannot process large amounts of data in order to make judgements . consequently , the inferences performed are based on limited data coupled w ←
→ fpga based assembling of facial components for human face construction ; this paper aims at vlsi realization for generation of a new face from textual description . the fasy ( face synthesis ) system is a face database retrieval and new face generation system that is under development . one of its main features is the generation of the requested face when it is not found in the existing database . the new face generation system works in three steps - searching phase , assembling phase and tuning phase . in this pa ←
→ deep forest : towards an alternative to deep neural networks ; in this paper , we propose gcforest , a decision tree ensemble approach with performance highly competitive to deep neural networks . in contrast to deep neural networks which require great effort in hyper - parameter tuning , gcforest is much easier to train . actually , even when gcforest is applied to different data from different domains , excellent performance can be achieved by almost same settings of hyper - parameters . the training process of gcfore ←
→ pixelnet : representation of the pixels , by the pixels , and for the pixels ; we explore design principles for general pixel - level prediction problems , from low - level edge detection to mid - level surface normal estimation to high - level semantic segmentation . convolutional predictors , such as the fully - convolutional network ( fcn ), have achieved remarkable success by exploiting the spatial redundancy of neighboring pixels through convolutional processing . though computationally efficient , we point out that suc ←
→ vessel segmentation and catheter detection in x - ray angiograms using superpixels ; coronary artery disease ( cad ) is the leading causes of death around the world . one of the most common imaging methods for diagnosing this disease is x - ray angiography . diagnosing using these images is usually challenging due to non - uniform illumination , low contrast , presence of other body tissues , presence of catheter etc . these challenges make the diagnoses task of cardiologists tougher and more prone to misdiagnosis . in ←
→ towards reversible de - identification in video sequences using 3d avatars and steganography ; we propose a de - identification pipeline that protects the privacy of humans in video sequences by replacing them with rendered 3d human models , hence concealing their identity while retaining the naturalness of the scene . the original images of humans are steganographically encoded in the carrier image , i . e . the image containing the original scene and the rendered 3d human models . we qualitatively explore the feas ←
→ an information - theoretic optimality principle for deep reinforcement learning ; we methodologically address the problem of q - value overestimation in deep reinforcement learning to handle high - dimensional state spaces efficiently . by adapting concepts from information theory , we introduce an intrinsic penalty signal encouraging reduced q - value estimates . the resultant algorithm encompasses a wide range of learning outcomes containing deep q - networks as a special case . different learning outcomes can be dem ←
→ constrained joint cascade regression framework for simultaneous facial action unit recognition and facial landmark detection ; cascade regression framework has been shown to be effective for facial landmark detection . it starts from an initial face shape and gradually predicts the face shape update from the local appearance features to generate the facial landmark locations in the next iteration until convergence . in this paper , we improve upon the cascade regression framework and propose the constrained ←
→ detecting adversarial attacks on neural network policies with visual foresight ; deep reinforcement learning has shown promising results in learning control policies for complex sequential decision - making tasks . however , these neural network - based policies are known to be vulnerable to adversarial examples . this vulnerability poses a potentially serious threat to safety - critical systems such as autonomous vehicles . in this paper , we propose a defense mechanism to defend reinforcement learning agents from ←
→ unimodal thompson sampling for graph - structured arms ; we study , to the best of our knowledge , the first bayesian algorithm for unimodal multi - armed bandit ( mab ) problems with graph structure . in this setting , each arm corresponds to a node of a graph and each edge provides a relationship , unknown to the learner , between two nodes in terms of expected reward . furthermore , for any node of the graph there is a path leading to the unique node providing the maximum expected reward , along which the expected rewa ←
→ on the development of text input method - lessons learned ; intelligent input methods ( im ) are essential for making text entries in many east asian scripts , but their application to other languages has not been fully explored . this paper discusses how such tools can contribute to the development of computer processing of other oriental languages . we propose a design philosophy that regards im as a text service platform , and treats the study of im as a cross disciplinary subject from the perspectives of soft ←
→ tighter low - rank approximation via sampling the leveraged element ; in this work , we propose a new randomized algorithm for computing a low - rank approximation to a given matrix . taking an approach different from existing literature , our method first involves a specific biased sampling , with an element being chosen based on the leverage scores of its row and column , and then involves weighted alternating minimization over the factored form of the intended low - rank matrix , to minimize error only on these samp ←
→ a procedure for unsupervised lexicon learning ; we describe an incremental unsupervised procedure to learn words from transcribed continuous speech . the algorithm is based on a conservative and traditional statistical model , and results of empirical tests show that it is competitive with other algorithms that have been proposed recently for this task .←
→ on complexity of optimized crossover for binary representations ; we consider the computational complexity of producing the best possible offspring in a crossover , given two solutions of the parents . the crossover operators are studied on the class of boolean linear programming problems , where the boolean vector of variables is used as the solution representation . by means of efficient reductions of the optimized gene transmitting crossover problems ( ogtc ) we show the polynomial solvability of the ogtc for ←
→ hyperprofile - based computation offloading for mobile edge networks ; in recent studies , researchers have developed various computation offloading frameworks for bringing cloud services closer to the user via edge networks . specifically , an edge device needs to offload computationally intensive tasks because of energy and processing constraints . these constraints present the challenge of identifying which edge nodes should receive tasks to reduce overall resource consumption . we propose a unique solution to ←
→ geometric data analysis , from correspondence analysis to structured data analysis ( book review ) ; review of : brigitte le roux and henry rouanet , geometric data analysis , from correspondence analysis to structured data analysis , kluwer , dordrecht , 2004 , xi + 475 pp .←
→ protocols for learning classifiers on distributed data ; we consider the problem of learning classifiers for labeled data that has been distributed across several nodes . our goal is to find a single classifier , with small approximation error , across all datasets while minimizing the communication between nodes . this setting models real - world communication bottlenecks in the processing of massive distributed datasets . we present several very general sampling - based solutions as well as some two - way protocols ←
→ evaluation of output embeddings for fine - grained image classification ; image classification has advanced significantly in recent years with the availability of large - scale image sets . however , fine - grained classification remains a major challenge due to the annotation cost of large numbers of fine - grained categories . this project shows that compelling classification performance can be achieved on such categories even without labeled training data . given image and class embeddings , we learn a compatibility ←
→ a linear dynamical system model for text ; low dimensional representations of words allow accurate nlp models to be trained on limited annotated data . while most representations ignore words ' local context , a natural way to induce context - dependent representations is to perform inference in a probabilistic latent - variable sequence model . given the recent success of continuous vector space word representations , we provide such an inference procedure for continuous states , where words ' representations are giv ←
→ normalization based k means clustering algorithm ; k - means is an effective clustering technique used to separate similar data into groups based on initial centroids of clusters . in this paper , normalization based k - means clustering algorithm ( n - k means ) is proposed . proposed n - k means clustering algorithm applies normalization prior to clustering on the available data as well as the proposed approach calculates initial centroids based on weights . experimental results prove the betterment of proposed n - k mean ←
→ physics - guided neural networks ( pgnn ): an application in lake temperature modeling ; this paper introduces a novel framework for combining scientific knowledge of physics - based models with neural networks to advance scientific discovery . this framework , termed as physics - guided neural network ( pgnn ), leverages the output of physics - based model simulations along with observational features to generate predictions using a neural network architecture . further , this paper presents a novel framework for using ←
→ google map aided visual navigation for uavs in gps - denied environment ; we propose a framework for google map aided uav navigation in gps - denied environment . geo - referenced navigation provides drift - free localization and does not require loop closures . the uav position is initialized via correlation , which is simple and efficient . we then use optical flow to predict its position in subsequent frames . during pose tracking , we obtain inter - frame translation either by motion field or homography decomposition , ←
→ weight - based variable ordering in the context of high - level consistencies ; dom / wdeg is one of the best performing heuristics for dynamic variable ordering in backtrack search [ boussemart et al ., 2004 ]. as originally defined , this heuristic increments the weight of the constraint that causes a domain wipeout ( i . e ., a dead - end ) when enforcing arc consistency during search . " the process of weighting constraints with dom / wdeg is not defined when more than one constraint lead to a domain wipeout [ vion et al .,←
→ computer - aided colorectal tumor classification in nbi endoscopy using cnn features ; in this paper we report results for recognizing colorectal nbi endoscopic images by using features extracted from convolutional neural network ( cnn ). in this comparative study , we extract features from different layers from different cnn models , and then train linear svm classifiers . experimental results with 10 - fold cross validations show that features from first few convolution layers are enough to achieve similar perfo ←
→ non - deterministic policy improvement stabilizes approximated reinforcement learning ; this paper investigates a type of instability that is linked to the greedy policy improvement in approximated reinforcement learning . we show empirically that non - deterministic policy improvement can stabilize methods like lspi by controlling the improvements ' stochasticity . additionally we show that a suitable representation of the value function also stabilizes the solution to some degree . the presented approach is sim ←
→ socially constrained structural learning for groups detection in crowd ; modern crowd theories agree that collective behavior is the result of the underlying interactions among small groups of individuals . in this work , we propose a novel algorithm for detecting social groups in crowds by means of a correlation clustering procedure on people trajectories . the affinity between crowd members is learned through an online formulation of the structural svm framework and a set of specifically designed features ch ←
→ a path algorithm for the fused lasso signal approximator ; the lasso is a very well known penalized regression model , which adds an $ l_ { 1 }$ penalty with parameter $\ lambda_ { 1 }$ on the coefficients to the squared error loss function . the fused lasso extends this model by also putting an $ l_ { 1 }$ penalty with parameter $\ lambda_ { 2 }$ on the difference of neighboring coefficients , assuming there is a natural ordering . in this paper , we develop a fast path algorithm for solving the fused lasso signal approximator ←
→ emergence of invariance and disentangling in deep representations ; using established principles from information theory and statistics , we show that in a deep neural network invariance to nuisance factors is equivalent to information minimality of the learned representation , and that stacking layers and injecting noise during training naturally bias the network towards learning invariant representations . we then show that , in order to avoid memorization , we need to limit the quantity of information stored ←
→ stator flux optimization on direct torque control with fuzzy logic ; the direct torque control ( dtc ) is well known as an effective control technique for high performance drives in a wide variety of industrial applications and conventional dtc technique uses two constant reference value : torque and stator flux . in this paper , fuzzy logic based stator flux optimization technique for dtc drives that has been proposed . the proposed fuzzy logic based stator flux optimizer self - regulates the stator flux reference ←
→ random binary trees for approximate nearest neighbour search in binary space ; approximate nearest neighbour ( ann ) search is one of the most important problems in computer science fields such as data mining or computer vision . in this paper , we focus on ann for high - dimensional binary vectors and we propose a simple yet powerful search method that uses random binary search trees ( rbst ). we apply our method to a dataset of 1 . 25m binary local feature descriptors obtained from a real - life image - based localis ←
→ linguistic input features improve neural machine translation ; neural machine translation has recently achieved impressive results , while using little in the way of external linguistic information . in this paper we show that the strong learning capability of neural mt models does not make linguistic features redundant ; they can be easily incorporated to provide further improvements in performance . we generalize the embedding layer of the encoder in the attentional encoder -- decoder architecture to support th ←
→ variational dual - tree framework for large - scale transition matrix approximation ; in recent years , non - parametric methods utilizing random walks on graphs have been used to solve a wide range of machine learning problems , but in their simplest form they do not scale well due to the quadratic complexity . in this paper , a new dual - tree based variational approach for approximating the transition matrix and efficiently performing the random walk is proposed . the approach exploits a connection between kernel d ←
→ gradient - enhanced kriging for high - dimensional problems ; surrogate models provide a low computational cost alternative to evaluating expensive functions . the construction of accurate surrogate models with large numbers of independent variables is currently prohibitive because it requires a large number of function evaluations . gradient - enhanced kriging has the potential to reduce the number of function evaluations for the desired accuracy when efficient gradient computation , such as an adjoint method , is a ←
→ learning low - shot facial representations via 2d warping ; in this work , we mainly study the influence of the 2d warping module for one - shot face recognition .←
→ dkn : deep knowledge - aware network for news recommendation ; online news recommender systems aim to address the information explosion of news and make personalized recommendation for users . in general , news language is highly condensed , full of knowledge entities and common sense . however , existing methods are unaware of such external knowledge and cannot fully discover latent knowledge - level connections among news . the recommended results for a user are consequently limited to simple patterns and cannot be ←
→ a theory of interactive debugging of knowledge bases in monotonic logics ; a broad variety of knowledge - based applications such as recommender , expert , planning or configuration systems usually operate on the basis of knowledge represented by means of some logical language . such a logical knowledge base ( kb ) enables intelligent behavior of such systems by allowing them to automatically reason , answer queries of interest or solve complex real - world problems . nowadays , where information acquisition comes at l ←
→ discrete bayesian networks : the exact posterior marginal distributions ; in a bayesian network , we wish to evaluate the marginal probability of a query variable , which may be conditioned on the observed values of some evidence variables . here we first present our " border algorithm ," which converts a bn into a directed chain . for the polytrees , we then present in details , with some modifications and within the border algorithm framework , the " revised polytree algorithm " by peot & shachter ( 1991 ). finally , we ←
→ modelwizard : toward interactive model construction ; data scientists engage in model construction to discover machine learning models that well explain a dataset , in terms of predictiveness , understandability and generalization across domains . questions such as " what if we model common cause z " and " what if y ' s dependence on x reverses " inspire many candidate models to consider and compare , yet current tools emphasize constructing a final model all at once . to more naturally reflect exploration when debat ←
→ the importance of quantum decoherence in brain processes ; based on a calculation of neural decoherence rates , we argue that that the degrees of freedom of the human brain that relate to cognitive processes should be thought of as a classical rather than quantum system , i . e ., that there is nothing fundamentally wrong with the current classical approach to neural network simulations . we find that the decoherence timescales ~ 10 ^{- 13 }- 10 ^{- 20 } seconds are typically much shorter than the relevant dynamical time ←
→ universal algorithms , mathematics of semirings and parallel computations ; this is a survey paper on applications of mathematics of semirings to numerical analysis and computing . concepts of universal algorithm and generic program are discussed . relations between these concepts and mathematics of semirings are examined . a very brief introduction to mathematics of semirings ( including idempotent and tropical mathematics ) is presented . concrete applications to optimization problems , idempotent linear algebra ←
→ local spectral graph convolution for point set feature learning ; feature learning on point clouds has shown great promise , with the introduction of effective and generalizable deep learning frameworks such as pointnet ++. thus far , however , point features have been abstracted in an independent and isolated manner , ignoring the relative layout of neighboring points as well as their features . in the present article , we propose to overcome this limitation by using spectral graph convolution on a local graph , c ←
→ bicycle detection based on multi - feature and multi - frame fusion in low - resolution traffic videos ; as a major type of transportation equipments , bicycles , including electrical bicycles , are distributed almost everywhere in china . the accidents caused by bicycles have become a serious threat to the public safety . so bicycle detection is one major task of traffic video surveillance systems in china . in this paper , a method based on multi - feature and multi - frame fusion is presented for bicycle detection in l ←
→ document image classification with intra - domain transfer learning and stacked generalization of deep convolutional neural networks ; in this work , a region - based deep convolutional neural network framework is proposed for document structure learning . the contribution of this work involves efficient training of region based classifiers and effective ensembling for document image classification . a primary level of ` inter - domain ' transfer learning is used by exporting weights from a pre - trained vgg16 archite ←
→ multilingual open relation extraction using cross - lingual projection ; open domain relation extraction systems identify relation and argument phrases in a sentence without relying on any underlying schema . however , current state - of - the - art relation extraction systems are available only for english because of their heavy reliance on linguistic tools such as part - of - speech taggers and dependency parsers . we present a cross - lingual annotation projection method for language independent relation extraction . we e ←
→ dictionary learning and tensor decomposition via the sum - of - squares method ; we give a new approach to the dictionary learning ( also known as " sparse coding ") problem of recovering an unknown $ n \ times m $ matrix $ a $ ( for $ m \ geq n $) from examples of the form \[ y = ax + e , \] where $ x $ is a random vector in $\ mathbb r ^ m $ with at most $\ tau m $ nonzero coordinates , and $ e $ is a random noise vector in $\ mathbb r ^ n $ with bounded magnitude . for the case $ m = o ( n )$, our algorithm recovers every column of $ a $ withi ←
→ the multi - strand graph for a ptz tracker ; high - resolution images can be used to resolve matching ambiguities between trajectory fragments ( tracklets ), which is one of the main challenges in multiple target tracking . a ptz camera , which can pan , tilt and zoom , is a powerful and efficient tool that offers both close - up views and wide area coverage on demand . the wide - area view makes it possible to track many targets while the close - up view allows individuals to be identified from high - resolution images of th ←
→ java implementation of a parameter - less evolutionary portfolio ; the java implementation of a portfolio of parameter - less evolutionary algorithms is presented . the parameter - less evolutionary portfolio implements a heuristic that performs adaptive selection of parameter - less evolutionary algorithms in accordance with performance criteria that are measured during running time . at present time , the portfolio includes three parameter - less evolutionary algorithms : parameter - less univariate marginal distribution ←
→ a continuous max - flow approach to cyclic field reconstruction ; reconstruction of an image from noisy data using markov random field theory has been explored by both the graph - cuts and continuous max - flow community in the form of the potts and ishikawa models . however , neither model takes into account the particular cyclic topology of specific intensity types such as the hue in natural colour images , or the phase in complex valued mri . this paper presents \ textit { cyclic continuous max - flow } image reconstruc ←
→ revisiting hand - crafted feature for action recognition : a set of improved dense trajectories ; we propose a feature for action recognition called trajectory - set ( ts ), on top of the improved dense trajectory ( idt ). the ts feature encodes only trajectories around densely sampled interest points , without any appearance features . experimental results on the ucf50 , ucf101 , and hmdb51 action datasets demonstrate that ts is comparable to state - of - the - arts , and outperforms many other methods ; for hmdb the accurac ←
→ dissociation and propagation for approximate lifted inference with standard relational database management systems ; probabilistic inference over large data sets is a challenging data management problem since exact inference is generally # p - hard and is most often solved approximately with sampling - based methods today . this paper proposes an alternative approach for approximate evaluation of conjunctive queries with standard relational databases : in our approach , every query is evaluated entirely in the da ←
→ models of disease spectra ; case vs control comparisons have been the classical approach to the study of neurological diseases . however , most patients will not fall cleanly into either group . instead , clinicians will typically find patients that cannot be classified as having clearly progressed into the disease state . for those subjects , very little can be said about their brain function on the basis of analyses of group differences . to describe the intermediate brain function requires models that interpola ←
→ image disguise based on generative model ; to protect image contents , most existing encryption algorithms are designed to transform an original image into a texture - like or noise - like image , which is , however , an obvious visual sign indicating the presence of an encrypted image , results in a significantly large number of attacks . to solve this problem , in this paper , we propose a new image encryption method to generate a visually same image as the original one by sending a meaning - normal and independent ima ←
→ completing any low - rank matrix , provably ; matrix completion , i . e ., the exact and provable recovery of a low - rank matrix from a small subset of its elements , is currently only known to be possible if the matrix satisfies a restrictive structural constraint --- known as {\ em incoherence }--- on its row and column spaces . in these cases , the subset of elements is sampled uniformly at random . in this paper , we show that {\ em any } rank -$ r $ $ n $- by -$ n $ matrix can be exactly recovered from as few as $ o ( nr \ log ^←
→ nonparametric nearest neighbor descent clustering based on delaunay triangulation ; in our physically inspired in - tree ( it ) based clustering algorithm and the series after it , there is only one free parameter involved in computing the potential value of each point . in this work , based on the delaunay triangulation or its dual voronoi tessellation , we propose a nonparametric process to compute potential values by the local information . this computation , though nonparametric , is relatively very rough , and c ←
→ scale out for large minibatch sgd : residual network training on imagenet - 1k with improved accuracy and reduced time to train ; for the past 5 years , the ilsvrc competition and the imagenet dataset have attracted a lot of interest from the computer vision community , allowing for state - of - the - art accuracy to grow tremendously . this should be credited to the use of deep artificial neural network designs . as these became more complex , the storage , bandwidth , and compute requirements increased . this means that ←
→ spoken language identification using hybrid feature extraction methods ; this paper introduces and motivates the use of hybrid robust feature extraction technique for spoken language identification ( lid ) system . the speech recognizers use a parametric form of a signal to get the most important distinguishable features of speech signal for recognition task . in this paper mel - frequency cepstral coefficients ( mfcc ), perceptual linear prediction coefficients ( plp ) along with two hybrid features are used for lan ←
→ on the challenges of sentiment analysis for dynamic events ; with the proliferation of social media over the last decade , determining people ' s attitude with respect to a specific topic , document , interaction or events has fueled research interest in natural language processing and introduced a new channel called sentiment and emotion analysis . for instance , businesses routinely look to develop systems to automatically understand their customer conversations by identifying the relevant content to enhance mar ←
→ unsupervised deep hashing for large - scale visual search ; learning based hashing plays a pivotal role in large - scale visual search . however , most existing hashing algorithms tend to learn shallow models that do not seek representative binary codes . in this paper , we propose a novel hashing approach based on unsupervised deep learning to hierarchically transform features into hash codes . within the heterogeneous deep hashing framework , the autoencoder layers with specific constraints are considered to model ←
→ automatically extracting , ranking and visually summarizing the treatments for a disease ; clinicians are expected to have up - to - date and broad knowledge of disease treatment options for a patient . online health knowledge resources contain a wealth of information . however , because of the time investment needed to disseminate and rank pertinent information , there is a need to summarize the information in a more concise format . our aim of the study is to provide clinicians with a concise overview of popular ←
→ speedy model selection ( sms ) for copula models ; we tackle the challenge of efficiently learning the structure of expressive multivariate real - valued densities of copula graphical models . we start by theoretically substantiating the conjecture that for many copula families the magnitude of spearman ' s rank correlation coefficient is monotone in the expected contribution of an edge in network , namely the negative copula entropy . we then build on this theory and suggest a novel bayesian approach that makes use ←
→ deterministic approximate methods for maximum consensus robust fitting ; maximum consensus estimation plays a critically important role in robust fitting problems in computer vision . currently , the most prevalent algorithms for consensus maximization draw from the class of randomized hypothesize - and - verify algorithms , which are cheap but can usually deliver only rough approximate solutions . on the other extreme , there are exact algorithms which are exhaustive search in nature and can be costly for practical ←
→ an implementation of a method for computing the uncertainty in inferred probabilities in belief networks ; in recent years the belief network has been used increasingly to model systems in al that must perform uncertain inference . the development of efficient algorithms for probabilistic inference in belief networks has been a focus of much research in ai . efficient algorithms for certain classes of belief networks have been developed , but the problem of reporting the uncertainty in inferred probabilities ←
→ hyper temporal networks ; simple temporal networks ( stns ) provide a powerful and general tool for representing conjunctions of maximum delay constraints over ordered pairs of temporal variables . in this paper we introduce hyper temporal networks ( hytns ), a strict generalization of stns , to overcome the limitation of considering only conjunctions of constraints but maintaining a practical efficiency in the consistency check of the instances . in a hyper temporal network a single temporal hyperarc constraint m ←
→ elm solutions for event - based systems ; whilst most engineered systems use signals that are continuous in time , there is a domain of systems in which signals consist of events . events , like dirac delta functions , have no meaningful time duration . many important real - world systems are intrinsically event - based , including the mammalian brain , in which the primary packets of data are spike events , or action potentials . in this domain , signal processing requires responses to spatio - temporal patterns of events . ←
→ smoothness - based edge detection using low - snr camera for robot navigation ; in the emerging advancement in the branch of autonomous robotics , the ability of a robot to efficiently localize and construct maps of its surrounding is crucial . this paper deals with utilizing thermal - infrared cameras , as opposed to conventional cameras as the primary sensor to capture images of the robot ' s surroundings . for localization , the images need to be further processed before feeding them to a navigational system . the m ←
→ accurate 3d reconstruction of dynamic scenes from monocular image sequences with severe occlusions ; the paper introduces an accurate solution to dense orthographic non - rigid structure from motion ( nrsfm ) in scenarios with severe occlusions or , likewise , inaccurate correspondences . we integrate a shape prior term into variational optimisation framework . it allows to penalize irregularities of the time - varying structure on the per - pixel level if correspondence quality indicator such as an occlusion tensor ←
→ extracting implicit social relation for social recommendation techniques in user rating prediction ; recommendation plays an increasingly important role in our daily lives . recommender systems automatically suggest items to users that might be interesting for them . recent studies illustrate that incorporating social trust in matrix factorization methods demonstrably improves accuracy of rating prediction . such approaches mainly use the trust scores explicitly expressed by users . however , it is often chall ←
→ content based weighted consensus summarization ; multi - document summarization has received a great deal of attention in the past couple of decades . several approaches have been proposed , many of which perform equally well and it is becoming in - creasingly difficult to choose one particular system over another . an ensemble of such systems that is able to leverage the strengths of each individual systems can build a better and more robust summary . despite this , few attempts have been made in this direction . i ←
→ an introduction to convolutional neural networks ; the field of machine learning has taken a dramatic twist in recent times , with the rise of the artificial neural network ( ann ). these biologically inspired computational models are able to far exceed the performance of previous forms of artificial intelligence in common machine learning tasks . one of the most impressive forms of ann architecture is that of the convolutional neural network ( cnn ). cnns are primarily used to solve difficult image - driven patter ←
→ hybrid decision making : when interpretable models collaborate with black - box models ; interpretable machine learning models have received increasing interest in recent years , especially in domains where humans are involved in the decision - making process . however , the possible loss of the task performance for gaining interpretability is often inevitable . this performance downgrade puts practitioners in a dilemma of choosing between a top - performing black - box model with no explanations and an interpretable ←
→ revisiting unreasonable effectiveness of data in deep learning era ; the success of deep learning in vision can be attributed to : ( a ) models with high capacity ; ( b ) increased computational power ; and ( c ) availability of large - scale labeled data . since 2012 , there have been significant advances in representation capabilities of the models and computational capabilities of gpus . but the size of the biggest dataset has surprisingly remained constant . what will happen if we increase the dataset size by 10x or 1 ←
→ learning social image embedding with deep multimodal attention networks ; learning social media data embedding by deep models has attracted extensive research interest as well as boomed a lot of applications , such as link prediction , classification , and cross - modal search . however , for social images which contain both link information and multimodal contents ( e . g ., text description , and visual content ), simply employing the embedding learnt from network structure or data content results in sub - optimal socia ←
→ science question answering using instructional materials ; we provide a solution for elementary science test using instructional materials . we posit that there is a hidden structure that explains the correctness of an answer given the question and instructional materials and present a unified max - margin framework that learns to find these hidden structures ( given a corpus of question - answer pairs and instructional materials ), and uses what it learns to answer novel elementary science questions . our evaluati ←
→ perturbative corrections for approximate inference in gaussian latent variable models ; expectation propagation ( ep ) provides a framework for approximate inference . when the model under consideration is over a latent gaussian field , with the approximation being gaussian , we show how these approximations can systematically be corrected . a perturbative expansion is made of the exact but intractable correction , and can be applied to the model ' s partition function and other moments of interest . the correction ←
→ success probability of exploration : a concrete analysis of learning efficiency ; exploration has been a crucial part of reinforcement learning , yet several important questions concerning exploration efficiency are still not answered satisfactorily by existing analytical frameworks . these questions include exploration parameter setting , situation analysis , and hardness of mdps , all of which are unavoidable for practitioners . to bridge the gap between the theory and practice , we propose a new analytical fra ←
→ new word analogy corpus for exploring embeddings of czech words ; the word embedding methods have been proven to be very useful in many tasks of nlp ( natural language processing ). much has been investigated about word embeddings of english words and phrases , but only little attention has been dedicated to other languages . our goal in this paper is to explore the behavior of state - of - the - art word embedding methods on czech , the language that is characterized by very rich morphology . we introduce new corpus ←
→ exponentially weighted moving average charts for detecting concept drift ; classifying streaming data requires the development of methods which are computationally efficient and able to cope with changes in the underlying distribution of the stream , a phenomenon known in the literature as concept drift . we propose a new method for detecting concept drift which uses an exponentially weighted moving average ( ewma ) chart to monitor the misclassification rate of an streaming classifier . our approach is modular ←
→ approximate bayesian inference in linear state space models for intermittent demand forecasting at scale ; we present a scalable and robust bayesian inference method for linear state space models . the method is applied to demand forecasting in the context of a large e - commerce platform , paying special attention to intermittent and bursty target statistics . inference is approximated by the newton - raphson algorithm , reduced to linear - time kalman smoothing , which allows us to operate on several orders of mag ←
→ reaserchnig the development of the electrical power system using systemically evolutionary algorithm ; the paper contains the concept and the results of research concerning the evolutionary algorithm , identified based on the systems control theory , which was called the systemically of evolutionary algorithm ( sae ). special attention was paid to two elements of evolutionary algorithms , which have not been fully solved yet , i . e . to the methods used to create the initial population and the method of creating ←
→ multiple instance learning convolutional neural networks for object recognition ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have demon - strated its successful applications in computer vision , speech recognition , and natural language processing . for object recog - nition , cnns might be limited by its strict label requirement and an implicit assumption that images are supposed to be target - object - dominated for optimal solutions . however , the labeling procedure , necessitating laying out the locations of target ob -←
→ qualitative belief conditioning rules ( qbcr ) ; in this paper we extend the new family of ( quantitative ) belief conditioning rules ( bcr ) recently developed in the dezert - smarandache theory ( dsmt ) to their qualitative counterpart for belief revision . since the revision of quantitative as well as qualitative belief assignment given the occurrence of a new event ( the conditioning constraint ) can be done in many possible ways , we present here only what we consider as the most appealing qualitative belief conditi ←
→ real - time 3d shape of micro - details ; motivated by the growing demand for interactive environments , we propose an accurate real - time 3d shape reconstruction technique . to provide a reliable 3d reconstruction which is still a challenging task when dealing with real - world applications , we integrate several components including ( i ) photometric stereo ( ps ), ( ii ) perspective cook - torrance reflectance model that enables ps to deal with a broad range of possible real - world object reflections , ( iii ) realistic light ←
→ approximation beats concentration ? an approximation view on inference with smooth radial kernels ; positive definite kernels and their associated reproducing kernel hilbert spaces provide a mathematically compelling and practically competitive framework for learning from data . in this paper we take the approximation theory point of view to explore various aspects of smooth kernels related to their inferential properties . we analyze eigenvalue decay of kernels operators and matrices , properties of eigenf ←
→ online hashing ; although hash function learning algorithms have achieved great success in recent years , most existing hash models are off - line , which are not suitable for processing sequential or online data . to address this problem , this work proposes an online hash model to accommodate data coming in stream for online learning . specifically , a new loss function is proposed to measure the similarity loss between a pair of data samples in hamming space . then , a structured hash model is derived and optimize ←
→ on the use of self - organizing maps to accelerate vector quantization ; self - organizing maps ( som ) are widely used for their topology preservation property : neighboring input vectors are quantified ( or classified ) either on the same location or on neighbor ones on a predefined grid . som are also widely used for their more classical vector quantization property . we show in this paper that using som instead of the more classical simple competitive learning ( scl ) algorithm drastically increases the speed of con ←
→ distribution - aware sampling and weighted model counting for sat ; given a cnf formula and a weight for each assignment of values to variables , two natural problems are weighted model counting and distribution - aware sampling of satisfying assignments . both problems have a wide variety of important applications . due to the inherent complexity of the exact versions of the problems , interest has focused on solving them approximately . prior work in this area scaled only to small problems in practice , or failed t ←
→ deep factorization for speech signal ; various informative factors mixed in speech signals , leading to great difficulty when decoding any of the factors . an intuitive idea is to factorize each speech frame into individual informative factors , though it turns out to be highly difficult . recently , we found that speaker traits , which were assumed to be long - term distributional properties , are actually short - time patterns , and can be learned by a carefully designed deep neural network ( dnn ). this discovery moti ←
→ over - representation of extreme events in decision - making : a rational metacognitive account ; the availability bias , manifested in the over - representation of extreme eventualities in decision - making , is a well - known cognitive bias , and is generally taken as evidence of human irrationality . in this work , we present the first rational , metacognitive account of the availability bias , formally articulated at marr ' s algorithmic level of analysis . concretely , we present a normative , metacognitive model of how a ←
→ cforb : circular freak - orb visual odometry ; we present a novel visual odometry algorithm entitled circular freak - orb ( cforb ). this algorithm detects features using the well - known orb algorithm [ 12 ] and computes feature descriptors using the freak algorithm [ 14 ]. cforb is invariant to both rotation and scale changes , and is suitable for use in environments with uneven terrain . two visual geometric constraints have been utilized in order to remove invalid feature descriptor matches . these constraints have not ←
→ vse ++: improving visual - semantic embeddings with hard negatives ; we present a new technique for learning visual - semantic embeddings for cross - modal retrieval . inspired by the use of hard negatives in structured prediction , and ranking loss functions used in retrieval , we introduce a simple change to common loss functions used to learn multi - modal embeddings . that , combined with fine - tuning and the use of augmented data , yields significant gains in retrieval performance . we showcase our approach , dubbed vse ←
→ pmi matrix approximations with applications to neural language modeling ; the negative sampling ( neg ) objective function , used in word2vec , is a simplification of the noise contrastive estimation ( nce ) method . neg was found to be highly effective in learning continuous word representations . however , unlike nce , it was considered inapplicable for the purpose of learning the parameters of a language model . in this study , we refute this assertion by providing a principled derivation for neg - based language mode ←
→ options discovery with budgeted reinforcement learning ; we consider the problem of learning hierarchical policies for reinforcement learning able to discover options , an option corresponding to a sub - policy over a set of primitive actions . different models have been proposed during the last decade that usually rely on a predefined set of options . we specifically address the problem of automatically discovering options in decision processes . we describe a new learning model called budgeted option neural net ←
→ robust object tracking with a hierarchical ensemble framework ; autonomous robots enjoy a wide popularity nowadays and have been applied in many applications , such as home security , entertainment , delivery , navigation and guidance . it is vital to robots to track objects accurately in these applications , so it is necessary to focus on tracking algorithms to improve the robustness and accuracy . in this paper , we propose a robust object tracking algorithm based on a hierarchical ensemble framework which can in ←
→ bayesian posterior sampling via stochastic gradient fisher scoring ; in this paper we address the following question : can we approximately sample from a bayesian posterior distribution if we are only allowed to touch a small mini - batch of data - items for every sample we generate ?. an algorithm based on the langevin equation with stochastic gradients ( sgld ) was previously proposed to solve this , but its mixing rate was slow . by leveraging the bayesian central limit theorem , we extend the sgld algorithm so tha ←
→ solution repair / recovery in uncertain optimization environment ; operation management problems ( such as production planning and scheduling ) are represented and formulated as optimization models . the resolution of such optimization models leads to solutions which have to be operated in an organization . however , the conditions under which the optimal solution is obtained rarely correspond exactly to the conditions under which the solution will be operated in the organization . therefore , in most practical conte ←
→ learning deep networks from noisy labels with dropout regularization ; large datasets often have unreliable labels - such as those obtained from amazon ' s mechanical turk or social media platforms - and classifiers trained on mislabeled datasets often exhibit poor performance . we present a simple , effective technique for accounting for label noise when training deep neural networks . we augment a standard deep network with a softmax layer that models the label noise statistics . then , we train the deep network and ←
→ exploit imaging through opaque wall via deep learning ; imaging through scattering media is encountered in many disciplines or sciences , ranging from biology , mesescopic physics and astronomy . but it is still a big challenge because light suffers from multiple scattering is such media and can be totally decorrelated . here , we propose a deep - learning - based method that can retrieve the image of a target behind a thick scattering medium . the method uses a trained deep neural network to fit the way of mapping o ←
→ permutohedral lattice cnns ; this paper presents a convolutional layer that is able to process sparse input features . as an example , for image recognition problems this allows an efficient filtering of signals that do not lie on a dense grid ( like pixel position ), but of more general features ( such as color values ). the presented algorithm makes use of the permutohedral lattice data structure . the permutohedral lattice was introduced to efficiently implement a bilateral filter , a commonly used image process ←
→ a study and comparison of human and deep learning recognition performance under visual distortions ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) achieve excellent performance on standard classification tasks . however , under image quality distortions such as blur and noise , classification accuracy becomes poor . in this work , we compare the performance of dnns with human subjects on distorted images . we show that , although dnns perform better than or on par with humans on good quality images , dnn performance is still much ←
→ indexing of cnn features for large scale image search ; the convolutional neural network ( cnn ) features can give a good description of image content , which usually represent images with unique global vectors . although they are compact compared to local descriptors , they still cannot efficiently deal with large - scale image retrieval due to the cost of the linear incremental computation and storage . to address this issue , we build a simple but effective indexing framework based on inverted table , which signif ←
→ implementing a wall - in building placement in starcraft with declarative programming ; in real - time strategy games like starcraft , skilled players often block the entrance to their base with buildings to prevent the opponent ' s units from getting inside . this technique , called " walling - in ", is a vital part of player ' s skill set , allowing him to survive early aggression . however , current artificial players ( bots ) do not possess this skill , due to numerous inconveniences surfacing during its implementation in ←
→ a multimodal corpus of expert gaze and behavior during phonetic segmentation tasks ; phonetic segmentation is the process of splitting speech into distinct phonetic units . human experts routinely perform this task manually by analyzing auditory and visual cues using analysis software , which is an extremely time - consuming process . methods exist for automatic segmentation , but these are not always accurate enough . in order to improve automatic segmentation , we need to model it as close to the manual segment ←
→ detach and adapt : learning cross - domain disentangled deep representation ; while representation learning aims to derive interpretable features for describing visual data , representation disentanglement further results in such features so that particular image attributes can be identified and manipulated . however , one cannot easily address this task without observing ground truth annotation for the training data . to address this problem , we propose a novel deep learning model of cross - domain representation d ←
→ evolutionary many - objective optimization based on adversarial decomposition ; the decomposition - based method has been recognized as a major approach for multi - objective optimization . it decomposes a multi - objective optimization problem into several single - objective optimization subproblems , each of which is usually defined as a scalarizing function using a weight vector . due to the characteristics of the contour line of a particular scalarizing function , the performance of the decomposition - based method s ←
→ issues in stacked generalization ; stacked generalization is a general method of using a high - level model to combine lower - level models to achieve greater predictive accuracy . in this paper we address two crucial issues which have been considered to be a ` black art ' in classification tasks ever since the introduction of stacked generalization in 1992 by wolpert : the type of generalizer that is suitable to derive the higher - level model , and the kind of attributes that should be used as its input . we find tha ←
→ fast convergence of regularized learning in games ; we show that natural classes of regularized learning algorithms with a form of recency bias achieve faster convergence rates to approximate efficiency and to coarse correlated equilibria in multiplayer normal form games . when each player in a game uses an algorithm from our class , their individual regret decays at $ o ( t ^{- 3 / 4 })$, while the sum of utilities converges to an approximate optimum at $ o ( t ^{- 1 })$-- an improvement upon the worst case $ o ( t ^{- 1 / 2 })$ r ←
→ sequential dirichlet process mixtures of multivariate skew t - distributions for model - based clustering of flow cytometry data ; flow cytometry is a high - throughput technology used to quantify multiple surface and intracellular markers at the level of a single cell . this enables to identify cell sub - types , and to determine their relative proportions . improvements of this technology allow to describe millions of individual cells from a blood sample using multiple markers . this results in high - dimensional dat ←
→ on using very large target vocabulary for neural machine translation ; neural machine translation , a recently proposed approach to machine translation based purely on neural networks , has shown promising results compared to the existing approaches such as phrase - based statistical machine translation . despite its recent success , neural machine translation has its limitation in handling a larger vocabulary , as training complexity as well as decoding complexity increase proportionally to the number of target w ←
→ asymptotic model selection for naive bayesian networks ; we develop a closed form asymptotic formula to compute the marginal likelihood of data given a naive bayesian network model with two hidden states and binary features . this formula deviates from the standard bic score . our work provides a concrete example that the bic score is generally not valid for statistical models that belong to a stratified exponential family . this stands in contrast to linear and curved exponential families , where the bic score ←
→ unsupervised methods for determining object and relation synonyms on the web ; the task of identifying synonymous relations and objects , or synonym resolution , is critical for high - quality information extraction . this paper investigates synonym resolution in the context of unsupervised information extraction , where neither hand - tagged training examples nor domain knowledge is available . the paper presents a scalable , fully - implemented system that runs in o ( kn log n ) time in the number of extractions , n , a ←
→ rgann : an efficient algorithm to extract rules from anns ; this paper describes an efficient rule generation algorithm , called rule generation from artificial neural networks ( rgann ) to generate symbolic rules from anns . classification rules are sought in many areas from automatic knowledge acquisition to data mining and ann rule extraction . this is because classification rules possess some attractive features . they are explicit , understandable and verifiable by domain experts , and can be modified , extended ←
→ who and where : people and location co - clustering ; in this paper , we consider the clustering problem on images where each image contains patches in people and location domains . we exploit the correlation between people and location domains , and proposed a semi - supervised co - clustering algorithm to cluster images . our algorithm updates the correlation links at the runtime , and produces clustering in both domains simultaneously . we conduct experiments in a manually collected dataset and a flickr dataset . the ←
→ quantum machine learning : a classical perspective ; recently , increased computational power and data availability , as well as algorithmic advances , have led machine learning techniques to impressive results in regression , classification , data - generation and reinforcement learning tasks . despite these successes , the proximity to the physical limits of chip fabrication alongside the increasing size of datasets are motivating a growing number of researchers to explore the possibility of harnessing the power of ←
→ an evolutionary approach for optimal citing and sizing of micro - grid in radial distribution systems ; this paper presents the methodology of penetration of micro - grids ( mg ) in the radial distribution system ( rds ). the aim of this paper is to minimize a total real power loss that descends the performance of the radial distribution system by integrating various renewable resources as distributed generation ( dg ). the combination of different types of renewable energy resources contributes a sustainable mg . t ←
→ image operator learning coupled with cnn classification and its application to staff line removal ; many image transformations can be modeled by image operators that are characterized by pixel - wise local functions defined on a finite support window . in image operator learning , these functions are estimated from training data using machine learning techniques . input size is usually a critical issue when using learning algorithms , and it limits the size of practicable windows . we propose the use of convolut ←
→ proceedings of the eleventh conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 1995 ) ; this is the proceedings of the eleventh conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in montreal , qu , august 18 - 20 , 1995 ←
→ interleaving syntax and semantics in an efficient bottom - up parser ; we describe an efficient bottom - up parser that interleaves syntactic and semantic structure building . two techniques are presented for reducing search by reducing local ambiguity : limited left - context constraints are used to reduce local syntactic ambiguity , and deferred sortal - constraint application is used to reduce local semantic ambiguity . we experimentally evaluate these techniques , and show dramatic reductions in both number of chart ←
→ learning koopman invariant subspaces for dynamic mode decomposition ; spectral decomposition of the koopman operator is attracting attention as a tool for the analysis of nonlinear dynamical systems . dynamic mode decomposition is a popular numerical algorithm for koopman spectral analysis ; however , we often need to prepare nonlinear observables manually according to the underlying dynamics , which is not always possible since we may not have any a priori knowledge about them . in this paper , we propose a full ←
→ probability series expansion classifier that is interpretable by design ; this work presents a new classifier that is specifically designed to be fully interpretable . this technique determines the probability of a class outcome , based directly on probability assignments measured from the training data . the accuracy of the predicted probability can be improved by measuring more probability estimates from the training data to create a series expansion that refines the predicted probability . we use this work t ←
→ dense captioning with joint inference and visual context ; dense captioning is a newly emerging computer vision topic for understanding images with dense language descriptions . the goal is to densely detect visual concepts ( e . g ., objects , object parts , and interactions between them ) from images , labeling each with a short descriptive phrase . we identify two key challenges of dense captioning that need to be properly addressed when tackling the problem . first , dense visual concept annotations in each image a ←
→ from facial parts responses to face detection : a deep learning approach ; in this paper , we propose a novel deep convolutional network ( dcn ) that achieves outstanding performance on fddb , pascal face , and afw . specifically , our method achieves a high recall rate of 90 . 99 % on the challenging fddb benchmark , outperforming the state - of - the - art method by a large margin of 2 . 91 %. importantly , we consider finding faces from a new perspective through scoring facial parts responses by their spatial structure and ar ←
→ generic sketch - based retrieval learned without drawing a single sketch ; we cast the sketch - based retrieval as edge - map matching . a shared convolutional network is trained to extract descriptors from edge maps and sketches , which are treated as a special case of edge maps . the network is fine - tuned solely from edge maps of landmark images . the training images are acquired in a fully unsupervised manner from 3d landmark models obtained by an automated structure - from - motion pipeline . the proposed method ach ←
→ exploring large feature spaces with hierarchical multiple kernel learning ; for supervised and unsupervised learning , positive definite kernels allow to use large and potentially infinite dimensional feature spaces with a computational cost that only depends on the number of observations . this is usually done through the penalization of predictor functions by euclidean or hilbertian norms . in this paper , we explore penalizing by sparsity - inducing norms such as the l1 - norm or the block l1 - norm . we assume t ←
→ hyponymy extraction of domain ontology concept based on ccrfs and hierarchy clustering ; concept hierarchy is the backbone of ontology , and the concept hierarchy acquisition has been a hot topic in the field of ontology learning . this paper proposes a hyponymy extraction method of domain ontology concept based on cascaded conditional random field ( ccrfs ) and hierarchy clustering . it takes free text as extracting object , adopts ccrfs identifying the domain concepts . first the low layer of ccrfs is used to i ←
→ every formula - based logic program has a least infinite - valued model ; every definite logic program has as its meaning a least herbrand model with respect to the program - independent ordering " set - inclusion ". in the case of normal logic programs there do not exist least models in general . however , according to a recent approach by rondogiannis and wadge , who consider infinite - valued models , every normal logic program does have a least model with respect to a program - independent ordering . we show that this app ←
→ discovering markov blanket from multiple interventional datasets ; in this paper , we study the problem of discovering the markov blanket ( mb ) of a target variable from multiple interventional datasets . datasets attained from interventional experiments contain richer causal information than passively observed data ( observational data ) for mb discovery . however , almost all existing mb discovery methods are designed for finding mbs from a single observational dataset . to identify mbs from multiple intervention ←
→ extraction of symbolic rules from artificial neural networks ; although backpropagation anns generally predict better than decision trees do for pattern classification problems , they are often regarded as black boxes , i . e ., their predictions cannot be explained as those of decision trees . in many applications , it is desirable to extract knowledge from trained anns for the users to gain a better understanding of how the networks solve the problems . a new rule extraction algorithm , called rule extraction from ←
→ implementation of back - propagation neural network for isolated bangla speech recognition ; this paper is concerned with the development of back - propagation neural network for bangla speech recognition . in this paper , ten bangla digits were recorded from ten speakers and have been recognized . the features of these speech digits were extracted by the method of mel frequency cepstral coefficient ( mfcc ) analysis . the mfcc features of five speakers were used to train the network with back propagation algorithm ←
→ linear hypothesis testing in dense high - dimensional linear models ; we propose a methodology for testing linear hypothesis in high - dimensional linear models . the proposed test does not impose any restriction on the size of the model , i . e . model sparsity or the loading vector representing the hypothesis . providing asymptotically valid methods for testing general linear functions of the regression parameters in high - dimensions is extremely challenging -- especially without making restrictive or unverifiable a ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for solving the vehicle routing problem ; we present an end - to - end framework for solving vehicle routing problem ( vrp ) using deep reinforcement learning . in this approach , we train a single model that finds near - optimal solutions for problem instances sampled from a given distribution , only by observing the reward signals and following feasibility rules . our model represents a parameterized stochastic policy , and by applying a policy gradient algorithm to optimize its parameters ,←
→ latent collaborative retrieval ; retrieval tasks typically require a ranking of items given a query . collaborative filtering tasks , on the other hand , learn to model user ' s preferences over items . in this paper we study the joint problem of recommending items to a user with respect to a given query , which is a surprisingly common task . this setup differs from the standard collaborative filtering one in that we are given a query x user x item tensor for training instead of the more traditional user x item ma ←
→ view based methods can achieve bayes - optimal 3d recognition ; this paper proves that visual object recognition systems using only 2d euclidean similarity measurements to compare object views against previously seen views can achieve the same recognition performance as observers having access to all coordinate information and able of using arbitrary 3d models internally . furthermore , it demonstrates that such systems do not require more training views than bayes - optimal 3d model - based systems . for building c ←
→ neuroevolution in games : state of the art and open challenges ; this paper surveys research on applying neuroevolution ( ne ) to games . in neuroevolution , artificial neural networks are trained through evolutionary algorithms , taking inspiration from the way biological brains evolved . we analyse the application of ne in games along five different axes , which are the role ne is chosen to play in a game , the different types of neural networks used , the way these networks are evolved , how the fitness is determin ←
→ lipschitz - margin training : scalable certification of perturbation invariance for deep neural networks ; high sensitivity of neural networks against malicious perturbations on inputs causes security concerns . we aim to ensure perturbation invariance in their predictions . however , prior work requires strong assumptions on network structures and massive computational costs , and thus their applications are limited . in this paper , based on lipschitz constants and prediction margins , we present a widely applica ←
→ from royal road to epistatic road for variable length evolution algorithm ; although there are some real world applications where the use of variable length representation ( vlr ) in evolutionary algorithm is natural and suitable , an academic framework is lacking for such representations . in this work we propose a family of tunable fitness landscapes based on vlr of genotypes . the fitness landscapes we propose possess a tunable degree of both neutrality and epistasis ; they are inspired , on the one hand by t ←
→ understanding the social cascading of geekspeak and the upshots for social cognitive systems ; barring swarm robotics , a substantial share of current machine - human and machine - machine learning and interaction mechanisms are being developed and fed by results of agent - based computer simulations , game - theoretic models , or robotic experiments based on a dyadic communication pattern . yet , in real life , humans no less frequently communicate in groups , and gain knowledge and take decisions basing on information ←
→ an incremental parser for abstract meaning representation ; meaning representation ( amr ) is a semantic representation for natural language that embeds annotations related to traditional tasks such as named entity recognition , semantic role labeling , word sense disambiguation and co - reference resolution . we describe a transition - based parser for amr that parses sentences left - to - right , in linear time . we further propose a test - suite that assesses specific subtasks that are helpful in comparing amr parsers , a ←
→ pcanet - ii : when pcanet meets the second order pooling ; pcanet , as one noticeable shallow network , employs the histogram representation for feature pooling . however , there are three main problems about this kind of pooling method . first , the histogram - based pooling method binarizes the feature maps and leads to inevitable discriminative information loss . second , it is difficult to effectively combine other visual cues into a compact representation , because the simple concatenation of various visual cues lea ←
→ belief propagation for continuous state spaces : stochastic message - passing with quantitative guarantees ; the sum - product or belief propagation ( bp ) algorithm is a widely used message - passing technique for computing approximate marginals in graphical models . we introduce a new technique , called stochastic orthogonal series message - passing ( sosmp ), for computing the bp fixed point in models with continuous random variables . it is based on a deterministic approximation of the messages via orthogonal series ←
→ the sample complexity of dictionary learning ; a large set of signals can sometimes be described sparsely using a dictionary , that is , every element can be represented as a linear combination of few elements from the dictionary . algorithms for various signal processing applications , including classification , denoising and signal separation , learn a dictionary from a set of signals to be represented . can we expect that the representation found by such a dictionary for a previously unseen example from the sam ←
→ icdar 2015 text reading in the wild competition ; recently , text detection and recognition in natural scenes are becoming increasing popular in the computer vision community as well as the document analysis community . however , majority of the existing ideas , algorithms and systems are specifically designed for english . this technical report presents the final results of the icdar 2015 text reading in the wild ( trw 2015 ) competition , which aims at establishing a benchmark for assessing detection and recognit ←
→ refining source representations with relation networks for neural machine translation ; although neural machine translation ( nmt ) with the encoder - decoder framework has achieved great success in recent times , it still suffers from some drawbacks : rnns tend to forget old information which is often useful and the encoder only operates through words without considering word relationship . to solve these problems , we introduce a relation networks ( rn ) into nmt to refine the encoding representations of the sour ←
→ online reinforcement learning for dynamic multimedia systems ; in our previous work , we proposed a systematic cross - layer framework for dynamic multimedia systems , which allows each layer to make autonomous and foresighted decisions that maximize the system ' s long - term performance , while meeting the application ' s real - time delay constraints . the proposed solution solved the cross - layer optimization offline , under the assumption that the multimedia system ' s probabilistic dynamics were known a priori . in prac ←
→ online robust principal component analysis with change point detection ; robust pca methods are typically batch algorithms which requires loading all observations into memory before processing . this makes them inefficient to process big data . in this paper , we develop an efficient online robust principal component methods , namely online moving window robust principal component analysis ( omwrpca ). unlike existing algorithms , omwrpca can successfully track not only slowly changing subspace but also abruptly c ←
→ toward a full - scale neural machine translation in production : the booking . com use case ; while some remarkable progress has been made in neural machine translation ( nmt ) research , there have not been many reports on its development and evaluation in practice . this paper tries to fill this gap by presenting some of our findings from building an in - house travel domain nmt system in a large scale e - commerce setting . the three major topics that we cover are optimization and training ( including different optim ←
→ consensus message passing for layered graphical models ; generative models provide a powerful framework for probabilistic reasoning . however , in many domains their use has been hampered by the practical difficulties of inference . this is particularly the case in computer vision , where models of the imaging process tend to be large , loopy and layered . for this reason bottom - up conditional models have traditionally dominated in such domains . we find that widely - used , general - purpose message passing inference ←
→ mass classification method in mammogram using fuzzy k - nearest neighbour equality ; mass classification of objects is an important area of research and application in a variety of fields . in this paper , we present an efficient computer aided mass classification method in digitized mammograms using fuzzy k - nearest neighbor equality , which performs benign or malignant classification on region of interest that contains mass . one of the major mammographic characteristics for mass classification is texture . fuz ←
→ first - order methods almost always avoid saddle points ; we establish that first - order methods avoid saddle points for almost all initializations . our results apply to a wide variety of first - order methods , including gradient descent , block coordinate descent , mirror descent and variants thereof . the connecting thread is that such algorithms can be studied from a dynamical systems perspective in which appropriate instantiations of the stable manifold theorem allow for a global stability analysis . thus , neith ←
→ approximating partition functions in constant time ; we study approximations of the partition function of dense graphical models . partition functions of graphical models play a fundamental role is statistical physics , in statistics and in machine learning . two of the main methods for approximating the partition function are markov chain monte carlo and variational methods . an impressive body of work in mathematics , physics and theoretical computer science provides conditions under which markov chain monte c ←
→ cascaded scene flow prediction using semantic segmentation ; given two consecutive frames from a pair of stereo cameras , 3d scene flow methods simultaneously estimate the 3d geometry and motion of the observed scene . many existing approaches use superpixels for regularization , but may predict inconsistent shapes and motions inside rigidly moving objects . we instead assume that scenes consist of foreground objects rigidly moving in front of a static background , and use semantic cues to produce pixel - accurate ←
→ keypoint - based object tracking and localization using networks of low - power embedded smart cameras ; object tracking and localization is a complex task that typically requires processing power beyond the capabilities of low - power embedded cameras . this paper presents a new approach to real - time object tracking and localization using multi - view binary keypoints descriptor . the proposed approach offers a compromise between processing power , accuracy and networking bandwidth and has been tested using multipl ←
→ populous : a tool for populating ontology templates ; we present populous , a tool for gathering content with which to populate an ontology . domain experts need to add content , that is often repetitive in its form , but without having to tackle the underlying ontological representation . populous presents users with a table based form in which columns are constrained to take values from particular ontologies ; the user can select a concept from an ontology via its meaningful label to give a value for a given ent ←
→ quadruplet network with one - shot learning for fast visual object tracking ; in the same vein of discriminative one - shot learning , siamese networks allow recognizing an object from a single exemplar with the same class label . however , they do not take advantage of the underlying structure of the data and the relationship among the multitude of samples as they only rely on pairs of instances for training . in this paper , we propose a new quadruplet deep network to examine the potential connections among the ←
→ major limitations of satellite images ; remote sensing has proven to be a powerful tool for the monitoring of the earth surface to improve our perception of our surroundings has led to unprecedented developments in sensor and information technologies . however , technologies for effective use of the data and for extracting useful information from the data of remote sensing are still very limited since no single sensor combines the optimal spectral , spatial and temporal resolution . this paper briefly reviews t ←
→ auto - encoding sequential monte carlo ; we introduce aesmc : a method for using deep neural networks for simultaneous model learning and inference amortization in a broad family of structured probabilistic models . starting with an unlabeled dataset and a partially specified underlying generative model , aesmc refines the generative model and learns efficient proposal distributions for smc for performing inference in this model . our approach relies on 1 ) efficiency of smc in performing inference in structured p ←
→ price prediction in a trading agent competition ; the 2002 trading agent competition ( tac ) presented a challenging market game in the domain of travel shopping . one of the pivotal issues in this domain is uncertainty about hotel prices , which have a significant influence on the relative cost of alternative trip schedules . thus , virtually all participants employ some method for predicting hotel prices . we survey approaches employed in the tournament , finding that agents apply an interesting diversity of tech ←
→ value iteration networks ; we introduce the value iteration network ( vin ): a fully differentiable neural network with a ` planning module ' embedded within . vins can learn to plan , and are suitable for predicting outcomes that involve planning - based reasoning , such as policies for reinforcement learning . key to our approach is a novel differentiable approximation of the value - iteration algorithm , which can be represented as a convolutional neural network , and trained end - to - end using standard backpropagation .←
→ rapid classification of crisis - related data on social networks using convolutional neural networks ; the role of social media , in particular microblogging platforms such as twitter , as a conduit for actionable and tactical information during disasters is increasingly acknowledged . however , time - critical analysis of big crisis data on social media streams brings challenges to machine learning techniques , especially the ones that use supervised learning . the scarcity of labeled data , particularly in the ear ←
→ deep learning for identifying metastatic breast cancer ; the international symposium on biomedical imaging ( isbi ) held a grand challenge to evaluate computational systems for the automated detection of metastatic breast cancer in whole slide images of sentinel lymph node biopsies . our team won both competitions in the grand challenge , obtaining an area under the receiver operating curve ( auc ) of 0 . 925 for the task of whole slide image classification and a score of 0 . 7051 for the tumor localization task . a p ←
→ spectral clustering via the power method -- provably ; spectral clustering is one of the most important algorithms in data mining and machine intelligence ; however , its computational complexity limits its application to truly large scale data analysis . the computational bottleneck in spectral clustering is computing a few of the top eigenvectors of the ( normalized ) laplacian matrix corresponding to the graph representing the data to be clustered . one way to speed up the computation of these eigenvectors is ←
→ learning hidden markov models with geometrical constraints ; hidden markov models ( hmms ) and partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) form a useful tool for modeling dynamical systems . they are particularly useful for representing environments such as road networks and office buildings , which are typical for robot navigation and planning . the work presented here is concerned with acquiring such models . we demonstrate how domain - specific information and constraints can be incorporated into the ←
→ perseus : randomized point - based value iteration for pomdps ; partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) form an attractive and principled framework for agent planning under uncertainty . point - based approximate techniques for pomdps compute a policy based on a finite set of points collected in advance from the agents belief space . we present a randomized point - based value iteration algorithm called perseus . the algorithm performs approximate value backup stages , ensuring that in each backup stag ←
→ learning visual symbols for parsing human poses in images ; parsing human poses in images is fundamental in extracting critical visual information for artificial intelligent agents . our goal is to learn self - contained body part representations from images , which we call visual symbols , and their symbol - wise geometric contexts in this parsing process . each symbol is individually learned by categorizing visual features leveraged by geometric information . in the categorization , we use latent support vector mac ←
→ the power of normalization : faster evasion of saddle points ; a commonly used heuristic in non - convex optimization is normalized gradient descent ( ngd ) - a variant of gradient descent in which only the direction of the gradient is taken into account and its magnitude ignored . we analyze this heuristic and show that with carefully chosen parameters and noise injection , this method can provably evade saddle points . we establish the convergence of ngd to a local minimum , and demonstrate rates which improve upo ←
→ abstractions for ai - based user interfaces and systems ; novel user interfaces based on artificial intelligence , such as natural - language agents , present new categories of engineering challenges . these systems need to cope with uncertainty and ambiguity , interface with machine learning algorithms , and compose information from multiple users to make decisions . we propose to treat these challenges as language - design problems . we describe three programming language abstractions for three core problems in intell ←
→ on computationally tractable selection of experiments in measurement - constrained regression models ; we derive computationally tractable methods to select a small subset of experiment settings from a large pool of given design points . the primary focus is on linear regression models , while the technique extends to generalized linear models and delta ' s method ( estimating functions of linear regression models ) as well . the algorithms are based on a continuous relaxation of an otherwise intractable combinato ←
→ thompson sampling : an asymptotically optimal finite time analysis ; the question of the optimality of thompson sampling for solving the stochastic multi - armed bandit problem had been open since 1933 . in this paper we answer it positively for the case of bernoulli rewards by providing the first finite - time analysis that matches the asymptotic rate given in the lai and robbins lower bound for the cumulative regret . the proof is accompanied by a numerical comparison with other optimal policies , experiments tha ←
→ an optimal algorithm for the thresholding bandit problem ; we study a specific \ textit { combinatorial pure exploration stochastic bandit problem } where the learner aims at finding the set of arms whose means are above a given threshold , up to a given precision , and \ textit { for a fixed time horizon }. we propose a parameter - free algorithm based on an original heuristic , and prove that it is optimal for this problem by deriving matching upper and lower bounds . to the best of our knowledge , this is the first non ←
→ comparison of bayesian predictive methods for model selection ; the goal of this paper is to compare several widely used bayesian model selection methods in practical model selection problems , highlight their differences and give recommendations about the preferred approaches . we focus on the variable subset selection for regression and classification and perform several numerical experiments using both simulated and real world data . the results show that the optimization of a utility estimate such as the c ←
→ applying dynamic model for multiple manoeuvring target tracking using particle filtering ; in this paper , we applied a dynamic model for manoeuvring targets in sir particle filter algorithm for improving tracking accuracy of multiple manoeuvring targets . in our proposed approach , a color distribution model is used to detect changes of target ' s model . our proposed approach controls deformation of target ' s model . if deformation of target ' s model is larger than a predetermined threshold , then the model will ←
→ learning soft linear constraints with application to citation field extraction ; accurately segmenting a citation string into fields for authors , titles , etc . is a challenging task because the output typically obeys various global constraints . previous work has shown that modeling soft constraints , where the model is encouraged , but not require to obey the constraints , can substantially improve segmentation performance . on the other hand , for imposing hard constraints , dual decomposition is a popular tech ←
→ no more meta - parameter tuning in unsupervised sparse feature learning ; we propose a meta - parameter free , off - the - shelf , simple and fast unsupervised feature learning algorithm , which exploits a new way of optimizing for sparsity . experiments on stl - 10 show that the method presents state - of - the - art performance and provides discriminative features that generalize well .←
→ identifying duplicate and contradictory information in wikipedia ; our study identifies sentences in wikipedia articles that are either identical or highly similar by applying techniques for near - duplicate detection of web pages . this is accomplished with a mapreduce implementation of minhash to identify clusters of sentences with high jaccard similarity . we show that these clusters can be categorized into six different types , two of which are particularly interesting : identical sentences quantify the exten ←
→ representation learning models for entity search ; we focus on the problem of learning distributed representations for entity search queries , named entities , and their short descriptions . with our representation learning models , the entity search query , named entity and description can be represented as low - dimensional vectors . our goal is to develop a simple but effective model that can make the distributed representations of query related entities similar to the query in the vector space . hence , we propos ←
→ multi - task regularization with covariance dictionary for linear classifiers ; in this paper we propose a multi - task linear classifier learning problem called d - svm ( dictionary svm ). d - svm uses a dictionary of parameter covariance shared by all tasks to do multi - task knowledge transfer among different tasks . we formally define the learning problem of d - svm and show two interpretations of this problem , from both the probabilistic and kernel perspectives . from the probabilistic perspective , we show that our ←
→ accurate facial parts localization and deep learning for 3d facial expression recognition ; meaningful facial parts can convey key cues for both facial action unit detection and expression prediction . textured 3d face scan can provide both detailed 3d geometric shape and 2d texture appearance cues of the face which are beneficial for facial expression recognition ( fer ). however , accurate facial parts extraction as well as their fusion are challenging tasks . in this paper , a novel system for 3d fer is desi ←
→ hierarchical deep reinforcement learning : integrating temporal abstraction and intrinsic motivation ; learning goal - directed behavior in environments with sparse feedback is a major challenge for reinforcement learning algorithms . the primary difficulty arises due to insufficient exploration , resulting in an agent being unable to learn robust value functions . intrinsically motivated agents can explore new behavior for its own sake rather than to directly solve problems . such intrinsic behaviors could even ←
→ a model for prejudiced learning in noisy environments ; based on the heuristics that maintaining presumptions can be beneficial in uncertain environments , we propose a set of basic axioms for learning systems to incorporate the concept of prejudice . the simplest , memoryless model of a deterministic learning rule obeying the axioms is constructed , and shown to be equivalent to the logistic map . the system ' s performance is analysed in an environment in which it is subject to external randomness , weighing lear ←
→ approximate computation and implicit regularization for very large - scale data analysis ; database theory and database practice are typically the domain of computer scientists who adopt what may be termed an algorithmic perspective on their data . this perspective is very different than the more statistical perspective adopted by statisticians , scientific computers , machine learners , and other who work on what may be broadly termed statistical data analysis . in this article , i will address fundamental aspec ←
→ nonparametric inference for auto - encoding variational bayes ; we would like to learn latent representations that are low - dimensional and highly interpretable . a model that has these characteristics is the gaussian process latent variable model . the benefits and negative of the gp - lvm are complementary to the variational autoencoder , the former provides interpretable low - dimensional latent representations while the latter is able to handle large amounts of data and can use non - gaussian likelihoods . our inspi ←
→ 3d scanning : a comprehensive survey ; this paper provides an overview of 3d scanning methodologies and technologies proposed in the existing scientific and industrial literature . throughout the paper , various types of the related techniques are reviewed , which consist , mainly , of close - range , aerial , structure - from - motion and terrestrial photogrammetry , and mobile , terrestrial and airborne laser scanning , as well as time - of - flight , structured - light and phase - comparison methods , along with comparative and co ←
→ an algorithmic theory of dependent regularizers , part 1 : submodular structure ; we present an exploration of the rich theoretical connections between several classes of regularized models , network flows , and recent results in submodular function theory . this work unifies key aspects of these problems under a common theory , leading to novel methods for working with several important models of interest in statistics , machine learning and computer vision . in part 1 , we review the concepts of network flows ←
→ query - focused multi - document summarization : combining a novel topic model with graph - based semi - supervised learning ; graph - based semi - supervised learning has proven to be an effective approach for query - focused multi - document summarization . the problem of previous semi - supervised learning is that sentences are ranked without considering the higher level information beyond sentence level . researches on general summarization illustrated that the addition of topic level can effectively improve the summary q ←
→ online learning with switching costs and other adaptive adversaries ; we study the power of different types of adaptive ( nonoblivious ) adversaries in the setting of prediction with expert advice , under both full - information and bandit feedback . we measure the player ' s performance using a new notion of regret , also known as policy regret , which better captures the adversary ' s adaptiveness to the player ' s behavior . in a setting where losses are allowed to drift , we characterize --- in a nearly complete manner -←
→" improved fcm algorithm for clustering on web usage mining " ; in this paper we present clustering method is very sensitive to the initial center values , requirements on the data set too high , and cannot handle noisy data the proposal method is using information entropy to initialize the cluster centers and introduce weighting parameters to adjust the location of cluster centers and noise problems . the navigation datasets which are sequential in nature , clustering web data is finding the groups which share co ←
→ probabilistic programs for inferring the goals of autonomous agents ; intelligent systems sometimes need to infer the probable goals of people , cars , and robots , based on partial observations of their motion . this paper introduces a class of probabilistic programs for formulating and solving these problems . the formulation uses randomized path planning algorithms as the basis for probabilistic models of the process by which autonomous agents plan to achieve their goals . because these path planning algorithm ←
→ introduction to relational networks for classification ; the use of computational intelligence techniques for classification has been used in numerous applications . this paper compares the use of a multi layer perceptron neural network and a new relational network on classifying the hiv status of women at ante - natal clinics . the paper discusses the architecture of the relational network and its merits compared to a neural network and most other computational intelligence classifiers . results gathered from t ←
→ poisson noise reduction with higher - order natural image prior model ; poisson denoising is an essential issue for various imaging applications , such as night vision , medical imaging and microscopy . state - of - the - art approaches are clearly dominated by patch - based non - local methods in recent years . in this paper , we aim to propose a local poisson denoising model with both structure simplicity and good performance . to this end , we consider a variational modeling to integrate the so - called fields of experts ( fo ←
→ extracting region of interest for palm print authentication ; biometrics authentication is an effective method for automatically recognizing individuals . the authentication consists of an enrollment phase and an identification or verification phase . in the stages of enrollment known ( training ) samples after the pre - processing stage are used for suitable feature extraction to generate the template database . in the verification stage , the test sample is similarly pre processed and subjected to feature extract ←
→ modeep : a deep learning framework using motion features for human pose estimation ; in this work , we propose a novel and efficient method for articulated human pose estimation in videos using a convolutional network architecture , which incorporates both color and motion features . we propose a new human body pose dataset , flic - motion , that extends the flic dataset with additional motion features . we apply our architecture to this dataset and report significantly better performance than current state - of - the ←
→ unsupervised learning with truncated gaussian graphical models ; gaussian graphical models ( ggms ) are widely used for statistical modeling , because of ease of inference and the ubiquitous use of the normal distribution in practical approximations . however , they are also known for their limited modeling abilities , due to the gaussian assumption . in this paper , we introduce a novel variant of ggms , which relaxes the gaussian restriction and yet admits efficient inference . specifically , we impose a bipartite s ←
→ elasticity - based matching by minimizing the symmetric difference of shapes ; we consider the problem of matching two shapes assuming these shapes are related by an elastic deformation . using linearized elasticity theory and the finite element method we seek an elastic deformation that is caused by simple external boundary forces and accounts for the difference between the two shapes . our main contribution is in proposing a cost function and an optimization procedure to minimize the symmetric difference be ←
→ to which extend is the " neural code " a metric ? ; here is proposed a review of the different choices to structure spike trains , using deterministic metrics . temporal constraints observed in biological or computational spike trains are first taken into account . the relation with existing neural codes ( rate coding , rank coding , phase coding , ..) is then discussed . to which extend the " neural code " contained in spike trains is related to a metric appears to be a key point , a generalization of the victor - purpur ←
→ error asymmetry in causal and anticausal regression ; it is generally difficult to make any statements about the expected prediction error in an univariate setting without further knowledge about how the data were generated . recent work showed that knowledge about the real underlying causal structure of a data generation process has implications for various machine learning settings . assuming an additive noise and an independence between data generating mechanism and its input , we draw a novel connection be ←
→ parametric modelling of multivariate count data using probabilistic graphical models ; multivariate count data are defined as the number of items of different categories issued from sampling within a population , which individuals are grouped into categories . the analysis of multivariate count data is a recurrent and crucial issue in numerous modelling problems , particularly in the fields of biology and ecology ( where the data can represent , for example , children counts associated with multitype branching ←
→ i3posnet : instrument pose estimation from x - ray ; performing delicate minimally invasive surgeries ( mis ) forces surgeons to accurately assess the position and orientation ( pose ) of surgical instruments . in current practice , this pose information is provided by conventional tracking systems ( optical and electro - magnetic ). two challenges render these systems inadequate for minimally invasive bone surgery : the need for instrument positioning with high precision and occluding tissue blocking the line of sight . ←
→ a taxonomy of big data for optimal predictive machine learning and data mining ; big data comes in various ways , types , shapes , forms and sizes . indeed , almost all areas of science , technology , medicine , public health , economics , business , linguistics and social science are bombarded by ever increasing flows of data begging to analyzed efficiently and effectively . in this paper , we propose a rough idea of a possible taxonomy of big data , along with some of the most commonly used tools for handling each pa ←
→ online structure learning for sum - product networks with gaussian leaves ; sum - product networks have recently emerged as an attractive representation due to their dual view as a special type of deep neural network with clear semantics and a special type of probabilistic graphical model for which inference is always tractable . those properties follow from some conditions ( i . e ., completeness and decomposability ) that must be respected by the structure of the network . as a result , it is not easy to specify a va ←
→ normalized direction - preserving adam ; optimization algorithms for training deep models not only affects the convergence rate and stability of the training process , but are also highly related to the generalization performance of the models . while adaptive algorithms , such as adam and rmsprop , have shown better optimization performance than stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) in many scenarios , they often lead to worse generalization performance than sgd , when used for training deep neural networks ( dnns ). in ←
→ falling rule lists ; falling rule lists are classification models consisting of an ordered list of if - then rules , where ( i ) the order of rules determines which example should be classified by each rule , and ( ii ) the estimated probability of success decreases monotonically down the list . these kinds of rule lists are inspired by healthcare applications where patients would be stratified into risk sets and the highest at - risk patients should be considered first . we provide a bayesian framework for learning fa ←
→ generating sentences by editing prototypes ; we propose a new generative model of sentences that first samples a prototype sentence from the training corpus and then edits it into a new sentence . compared to traditional models that generate from scratch either left - to - right or by first sampling a latent sentence vector , our prototype - then - edit model improves perplexity on language modeling and generates higher quality outputs according to human evaluation . furthermore , the model gives rise to a latent edit ←
→ coreset construction via randomized matrix multiplication ; coresets are small sets of points that approximate the properties of a larger point - set . for example , given a compact set $\ mathcal { s } \ subseteq \ mathbb { r }^ d $, a coreset could be defined as a ( weighted ) subset of $\ mathcal { s }$ that approximates the sum of squared distances from $\ mathcal { s }$ to every linear subspace of $\ mathbb { r }^ d $. as such , coresets can be used as a proxy to the full dataset and provide an important technique to speed up algorit ←
→ inducing multilingual text analysis tools using bidirectional recurrent neural networks ; this work focuses on the rapid development of linguistic annotation tools for resource - poor languages . we experiment several cross - lingual annotation projection methods using recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) models . the distinctive feature of our approach is that our multilingual word representation requires only a parallel corpus between the source and target language . more precisely , our method has the following cha ←
→ stochastic constraint programming ; to model combinatorial decision problems involving uncertainty and probability , we introduce stochastic constraint programming . stochastic constraint programs contain both decision variables ( which we can set ) and stochastic variables ( which follow a probability distribution ). they combine together the best features of traditional constraint satisfaction , stochastic integer programming , and stochastic satisfiability . we give a semantics for stochastic constraint programs ,←
→ disentangled variational auto - encoder for semi - supervised learning ; in this paper , we develop a novel approach for semi - supervised vae without classifier . specifically , we propose a new model called sdvae , which encodes the input data into disentangled representation and non - interpretable representation , then the category information is directly utilized to regularize the disentangled representation via equation constraint . to further enhance the feature learning ability of the proposed vae , we incorporate ←
→ learning invariant feature spaces to transfer skills with reinforcement learning ; people can learn a wide range of tasks from their own experience , but can also learn from observing other creatures . this can accelerate acquisition of new skills even when the observed agent differs substantially from the learning agent in terms of morphology . in this paper , we examine how reinforcement learning algorithms can transfer knowledge between morphologically different agents ( e . g ., different robots ). we introduc ←
→ low - level features for image retrieval based on extraction of directional binary patterns and its oriented gradients histogram ; in this paper , we present a novel approach for image retrieval based on extraction of low level features using techniques such as directional binary code , haar wavelet transform and histogram of oriented gradients . the dbc texture descriptor captures the spatial relationship between any pair of neighbourhood pixels in a local region along a given direction , while local binary pa ←
→ clustering partially observed graphs via convex optimization ; this paper considers the problem of clustering a partially observed unweighted graph --- i . e ., one where for some node pairs we know there is an edge between them , for some others we know there is no edge , and for the remaining we do not know whether or not there is an edge . we want to organize the nodes into disjoint clusters so that there is relatively dense ( observed ) connectivity within clusters , and sparse across clusters . we take a novel y ←
→ resolving scale ambiguity via xslit aspect ratio analysis ; in perspective cameras , images of a frontal - parallel 3d object preserve its aspect ratio invariant to its depth . such an invariance is useful in photography but is unique to perspective projection . in this paper , we show that alternative non - perspective cameras such as the crossed - slit or xslit cameras exhibit a different depth - dependent aspect ratio ( ddar ) property that can be used to 3d recovery . we first conduct a comprehensive analysis to chara ←
→ automatic quality estimation for asr system combination ; recognizer output voting error reduction ( rover ) has been widely used for system combination in automatic speech recognition ( asr ). in order to select the most appropriate words to insert at each position in the output transcriptions , some rover extensions rely on critical information such as confidence scores and other asr decoder features . this information , which is not always available , highly depends on the decoding process and sometimes tends to ←
→ exact solutions to the nonlinear dynamics of learning in deep linear neural networks ; despite the widespread practical success of deep learning methods , our theoretical understanding of the dynamics of learning in deep neural networks remains quite sparse . we attempt to bridge the gap between the theory and practice of deep learning by systematically analyzing learning dynamics for the restricted case of deep linear neural networks . despite the linearity of their input - output map , such networks have nonl ←
→ a probabilistic framework for location inference from social media ; we study the extent to which we can infer users ' geographical locations from social media . location inference from social media can benefit many applications , such as disaster management , targeted advertising , and news content tailoring . in recent years , a number of algorithms have been proposed for identifying user locations on social media platforms such as twitter and facebook from message contents , friend networks , and interactions bet ←
→ a unified framework for low - rank plus sparse matrix recovery ; we propose a unified framework to solve general low - rank plus sparse matrix recovery problems based on matrix factorization , which covers a broad family of objective functions satisfying the restricted strong convexity and smoothness conditions . based on projected gradient descent and the double thresholding operator , our proposed generic algorithm is guaranteed to converge to the unknown low - rank and sparse matrices at a locally linear rate , wh ←
→ robust visual slam with point and line features ; in this paper , we develop a robust efficient visual slam system that utilizes heterogeneous point and line features . by leveraging orb - slam [ 1 ], the proposed system consists of stereo matching , frame tracking , local mapping , loop detection , and bundle adjustment of both point and line features . in particular , as the main theoretical contributions of this paper , we , for the first time , employ the orthonormal representation as the minimal parameterization to m ←
→ selecting the top - quality item through crowd scoring ; we investigate crowdsourcing algorithms for finding the top - quality item within a large collection of objects with unknown intrinsic quality values . this is an important problem with many relevant applications , for example in networked recommendation systems . the core of the algorithms is that objects are distributed to crowd workers , who return a noisy and biased evaluation . all received evaluations are then combined , to identify the top - quality object ←
→ a minimax optimal algorithm for crowdsourcing ; we consider the problem of accurately estimating the reliability of workers based on noisy labels they provide , which is a fundamental question in crowdsourcing . we propose a novel lower bound on the minimax estimation error which applies to any estimation procedure . we further propose triangular estimation ( te ), an algorithm for estimating the reliability of workers . te has low complexity , may be implemented in a streaming setting when labels are provided by ←
→ label embedding network : learning label representation for soft training of deep networks ; we propose a method , called label embedding network , which can learn label representation ( label embedding ) during the training process of deep networks . with the proposed method , the label embedding is adaptively and automatically learned through back propagation . the original one - hot represented loss function is converted into a new loss function with soft distributions , such that the originally unrelated labels ←
→ learning a 3d descriptor for cross - source point cloud registration from synthetic data ; as the development of 3d sensors , registration of 3d data ( e . g . point cloud ) coming from different kind of sensor is dispensable and shows great demanding . however , point cloud registration between different sensors is challenging because of the variant of density , missing data , different viewpoint , noise and outliers , and geometric transformation . in this paper , we propose a method to learn a 3d descriptor for findin ←
→ complex question answering : unsupervised learning approaches and experiments ; complex questions that require inferencing and synthesizing information from multiple documents can be seen as a kind of topic - oriented , informative multi - document summarization where the goal is to produce a single text as a compressed version of a set of documents with a minimum loss of relevant information . in this paper , we experiment with one empirical method and two unsupervised statistical machine learning techniques : k -←
→ end - to - end interpretation of the french street name signs dataset ; we introduce the french street name signs ( fsns ) dataset consisting of more than a million images of street name signs cropped from google street view images of france . each image contains several views of the same street name sign . every image has normalized , title case folded ground - truth text as it would appear on a map . we believe that the fsns dataset is large and complex enough to train a deep network of significant complexity to solv ←
→ multi - sensor prognostics using an unsupervised health index based on lstm encoder - decoder ; many approaches for estimation of remaining useful life ( rul ) of a machine , using its operational sensor data , make assumptions about how a system degrades or a fault evolves , e . g ., exponential degradation . however , in many domains degradation may not follow a pattern . we propose a long short term memory based encoder - decoder ( lstm - ed ) scheme to obtain an unsupervised health index ( hi ) for a system using multi - sens ←
→ colorization as a proxy task for visual understanding ; we investigate and improve self - supervision as a drop - in replacement for imagenet pretraining , focusing on automatic colorization as the proxy task . self - supervised training has been shown to be more promising for utilizing unlabeled data than other , traditional unsupervised learning methods . we build on this success and evaluate the ability of our self - supervised network in several contexts . on voc segmentation and classification tasks , we present res ←
→ hardware design for binarization and thinning of fingerprint images ; two critical steps in fingerprint recognition are binarization and thinning of the image . the need for real time processing motivates us to select local adaptive thresholding approach for the binarization step . we introduce a new hardware for this purpose based on pipeline architecture . we propose a formula for selecting an optimal block size for the thresholding purpose . to decrease minutiae false detection , the binarized image is dilate ←
→ process monitoring on sequences of system call count vectors ; we introduce a methodology for efficient monitoring of processes running on hosts in a corporate network . the methodology is based on collecting streams of system calls produced by all or selected processes on the hosts , and sending them over the network to a monitoring server , where machine learning algorithms are used to identify changes in process behavior due to malicious activity , hardware failures , or software errors . the methodology uses ←
→ caterpillar : coarse grain reconfigurable architecture for accelerating the training of deep neural networks ; accelerating the inference of a trained dnn is a well studied subject . in this paper we switch the focus to the training of dnns . the training phase is compute intensive , demands complicated data communication , and contains multiple levels of data dependencies and parallelism . this paper presents an algorithm / architecture space exploration of efficient accelerators to achieve better network conver ←
→ multi - context attention for human pose estimation ; in this paper , we propose to incorporate convolutional neural networks with a multi - context attention mechanism into an end - to - end framework for human pose estimation . we adopt stacked hourglass networks to generate attention maps from features at multiple resolutions with various semantics . the conditional random field ( crf ) is utilized to model the correlations among neighboring regions in the attention map . we further combine the holistic attention mode ←
→ a deep neural network approach to parallel sentence extraction ; parallel sentence extraction is a task addressing the data sparsity problem found in multilingual natural language processing applications . we propose an end - to - end deep neural network approach to detect translational equivalence between sentences in two different languages . in contrast to previous approaches , which typically rely on multiples models and various word alignment features , by leveraging continuous vector representation of sentenc ←
→ investigation of synthetic speech detection using frame - and segment - specific importance weighting ; speaker verification systems are vulnerable to spoofing attacks which presents a major problem in their real - life deployment . to date , most of the proposed synthetic speech detectors ( ssds ) have weighted the importance of different segments of speech equally . however , different attack methods have different strengths and weaknesses and the traces that they leave may be short or long term acoustic artifacts ←
→ disentangling the independently controllable factors of variation by interacting with the world ; it has been postulated that a good representation is one that disentangles the underlying explanatory factors of variation . however , it remains an open question what kind of training framework could potentially achieve that . whereas most previous work focuses on the static setting ( e . g ., with images ), we postulate that some of the causal factors could be discovered if the learner is allowed to interact with i ←
→ cross - lingual sentiment analysis without ( good ) translation ; current approaches to cross - lingual sentiment analysis try to leverage the wealth of labeled english data using bilingual lexicons , bilingual vector space embeddings , or machine translation systems . here we show that it is possible to use a single linear transformation , with as few as 2000 word pairs , to capture fine - grained sentiment relationships between words in a cross - lingual setting . we apply these cross - lingual sentiment models to a divers ←
→ broadcasting convolutional network ; while convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are widely used for handling spatio - temporal scenes , there exist limitations in reasoning relations among spatial features caused by their inherent structures , which have been issued consistently in many studies . in this paper , we propose broadcasting convolutional networks ( bcn ) that allow global receptive fields to share spatial information . bcns are simple network modules that collect effective spatial features , embed locatio ←
→ reconstructing vechicles from a single image : shape priors for road scene understanding ; we present an approach for reconstructing vehicles from a single ( rgb ) image , in the context of autonomous driving . though the problem appears to be ill - posed , we demonstrate that prior knowledge about how 3d shapes of vehicles project to an image can be used to reason about the reverse process , i . e ., how shapes ( back -) project from 2d to 3d . we encode this knowledge in \ emph { shape priors }, which are learnt over a sma ←
→ elements of effective deep reinforcement learning towards tactical driving decision making ; tactical driving decision making is crucial for autonomous driving systems and has attracted considerable interest in recent years . in this paper , we propose several practical components that can speed up deep reinforcement learning algorithms towards tactical decision making tasks : 1 ) non - uniform action skipping as a more stable alternative to action - repetition frame skipping , 2 ) a counter - based penalty for lanes ←
→ building blocks propagation in quantum - inspired genetic algorithm ; this paper presents an analysis of building blocks propagation in quantum - inspired genetic algorithm , which belongs to a new class of metaheuristics drawing their inspiration from both biological evolution and unitary evolution of quantum systems . the expected number of quantum chromosomes matching a schema has been analyzed and a random variable corresponding to this issue has been introduced . the results have been compared with simple gen ←
→ a variation of the box - counting algorithm applied to colour images ; the box counting method for fractal dimension estimation had not been applied to large or colour images thus far due to the processing time required . in this letter we present a fast , easy to implement and very easily expandable to any number of dimensions variation , the box merging method . it is applied here in rgb images which are considered as sets in 5 - d space .←
→ cost - optimal learning of causal graphs ; we consider the problem of learning a causal graph over a set of variables with interventions . we study the cost - optimal causal graph learning problem : for a given skeleton ( undirected version of the causal graph ), design the set of interventions with minimum total cost , that can uniquely identify any causal graph with the given skeleton . we show that this problem is solvable in polynomial time . later , we consider the case when the number of interventions is limited .←
→ renoir - a dataset for real low - light image noise reduction ; image denoising algorithms are evaluated using images corrupted by artificial noise , which may lead to incorrect conclusions about their performances on real noise . in this paper we introduce a dataset of color images corrupted by natural noise due to low - light conditions , together with spatially and intensity - aligned low noise images of the same scenes . we also introduce a method for estimating the true noise level in our images , since even the ←
→ active player modelling ; we argue for the use of active learning methods for player modelling . in active learning , the learning algorithm chooses where to sample the search space so as to optimise learning progress . we hypothesise that player modelling based on active learning could result in vastly more efficient learning , but will require big changes in how data is collected . some example active player modelling scenarios are described . a particular form of active learning is also equivalent to an influe ←
→ data distillation for controlling specificity in dialogue generation ; people speak at different levels of specificity in different situations . depending on their knowledge , interlocutors , mood , etc .} a conversational agent should have this ability and know when to be specific and when to be general . we propose an approach that gives a neural network -- based conversational agent this ability . our approach involves alternating between \ emph { data distillation } and model training : removing training examples th ←
→ maximum entropy deep inverse reinforcement learning ; this paper presents a general framework for exploiting the representational capacity of neural networks to approximate complex , nonlinear reward functions in the context of solving the inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) problem . we show in this context that the maximum entropy paradigm for irl lends itself naturally to the efficient training of deep architectures . at test time , the approach leads to a computational complexity independent of the number ←
→ solving for high dimensional committor functions using artificial neural networks ; in this note we propose a method based on artificial neural network to study the transition between states governed by stochastic processes . in particular , we aim for numerical schemes for the committor function , the central object of transition path theory , which satisfies a high - dimensional fokker - planck equation . by working with the variational formulation of such partial differential equation and parameterizing the com ←
→ pattern encoding on the poincare sphere ; this paper presents a convenient graphical tool for encoding visual patterns ( such as image patches and image atoms ) as point constellations in a space spanned by perceptual features and with a clear geometrical interpretation . general theory and a practical pattern encoding scheme are presented , inspired by encoding polarization states of a light wave on the poincare sphere . this new pattern encoding scheme can be useful for many applications in image processing an ←
→ online optimization for large - scale max - norm regularization ; max - norm regularizer has been extensively studied in the last decade as it promotes an effective low - rank estimation for the underlying data . however , such max - norm regularized problems are typically formulated and solved in a batch manner , which prevents it from processing big data due to possible memory budget . in this paper , hence , we propose an online algorithm that is scalable to large - scale setting . particularly , we consider the matrix deco ←
→ multivariate normal mixture modeling , clustering and classification with the rebmix package ; the rebmix package provides r functions for random univariate and multivariate finite mixture model generation , estimation , clustering and classification . the paper is focused on multivariate normal mixture models with unrestricted variance - covariance matrices . the objective is to show how to generate datasets for a known number of components , numbers of observations and component parameters , how to estimate the ←
→ high - dimensional bayesian optimization via additive models with overlapping groups ; bayesian optimization ( bo ) is a popular technique for sequential black - box function optimization , with applications including parameter tuning , robotics , environmental monitoring , and more . one of the most important challenges in bo is the development of algorithms that scale to high dimensions , which remains a key open problem despite recent progress . in this paper , we consider the approach of kandasamy et al . ( 2015 ), in ←
→ first efficient convergence for streaming k - pca : a global , gap - free , and near - optimal rate ; we study streaming principal component analysis ( pca ), that is to find , in $ o ( dk )$ space , the top $ k $ eigenvectors of a $ d \ times d $ hidden matrix $\ bf \ sigma $ with online vectors drawn from covariance matrix $\ bf \ sigma $. we provide $\ textit { global }$ convergence for oja ' s algorithm which is popularly used in practice but lacks theoretical understanding for $ k > 1 $. we also provide a modified variant $\ mathsf { oja }^←
→ second - order temporal pooling for action recognition ; most successful deep learning models for action recognition generate predictions for short video clips , which are later aggregated into a longer time - frame action descriptor by computing a statistic over these predictions . zeroth ( max ) or first order ( average ) statistic are commonly used . in this paper , we explore the benefits of using second - order statistics . specifically , we propose a novel end - to - end learnable action pooling scheme , temporal correlat ←
→ sentence - level quality estimation by predicting hter as a multi - component metric ; this submission investigates alternative machine learning models for predicting the hter score on the sentence level . instead of directly predicting the hter score , we suggest a model that jointly predicts the amount of the 4 distinct post - editing operations , which are then used to calculate the hter score . this also gives the possibility to correct invalid ( e . g . negative ) predicted values prior to the calculation of the ht ←
→ closing the ai knowledge gap ; ai researchers employ not only the scientific method , but also methodology from mathematics and engineering . however , the use of the scientific method - specifically hypothesis testing - in ai is typically conducted in service of engineering objectives . growing interest in topics such as fairness and algorithmic bias show that engineering - focused questions only comprise a subset of the important questions about ai systems . this results in the ai knowledge gap : the number of un ←
→ stereoscopic neural style transfer ; this paper presents the first attempt at stereoscopic neural style transfer , which responds to the emerging demand for 3d movies or ar / vr . we start with a careful examination of applying existing monocular style transfer methods to left and right views of stereoscopic images separately . this reveals that the original disparity consistency cannot be well preserved in the final stylization results , which causes 3d fatigue to the viewers . to address this issue , we incorpora ←
→ entropy analysis of word - length series of natural language texts : effects of text language and genre ; we estimate the $ n $- gram entropies of natural language texts in word - length representation and find that these are sensitive to text language and genre . we attribute this sensitivity to changes in the probability distribution of the lengths of single words and emphasize the crucial role of the uniformity of probabilities of having words with length between five and ten . furthermore , comparison with the e ←
→ nearest labelset using double distances for multi - label classification ; multi - label classification is a type of supervised learning where an instance may belong to multiple labels simultaneously . predicting each label independently has been criticized for not exploiting any correlation between labels . in this paper we propose a novel approach , nearest labelset using double distances ( nldd ), that predicts the labelset observed in the training data that minimizes a weighted sum of the distances in both the f ←
→ probabilistic interpretation of linear solvers ; this manuscript proposes a probabilistic framework for algorithms that iteratively solve unconstrained linear problems $ bx = b $ with positive definite $ b $ for $ x $. the goal is to replace the point estimates returned by existing methods with a gaussian posterior belief over the elements of the inverse of $ b $, which can be used to estimate errors . recent probabilistic interpretations of the secant family of quasi - newton optimization algorithms are extended . com ←
→ scene image is non - mutually exclusive - a fuzzy qualitative scene understanding ; ambiguity or uncertainty is a pervasive element of many real world decision making processes . variation in decisions is a norm in this situation when the same problem is posed to different subjects . psychological and metaphysical research had proven that decision making by human is subjective . it is influenced by many factors such as experience , age , background , etc . scene understanding is one of the computer vision problems ←
→ automatic verbal aggression detection for russian and american imageboards ; the problem of aggression for internet communities is rampant . anonymous forums usually called imageboards are notorious for their aggressive and deviant behaviour even in comparison with other internet communities . this study is aimed at studying ways of automatic detection of verbal expression of aggression for the most popular american ( 4chan . org ) and russian ( 2ch . hk ) imageboards . a set of 1 , 802 , 789 messages was used for this ←
→ learning $ 3 $ d - filtermap for deep convolutional neural networks ; we present a novel and compact architecture for deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) in this paper , termed $ 3 $ d - filtermap convolutional neural networks ($ 3 $ d - fm - cnns ). the convolution layer of $ 3 $ d - fm - cnn learns a compact representation of the filters , named $ 3 $ d - filtermap , instead of a set of independent filters in the conventional convolution layer . the filters are extracted from the $ 3 $ d - filtermap as overlapping $ 3 $ d submatrics with we ←
→ deepsketch2face : a deep learning based sketching system for 3d face and caricature modeling ; face modeling has been paid much attention in the field of visual computing . there exist many scenarios , including cartoon characters , avatars for social media , 3d face caricatures as well as face - related art and design , where low - cost interactive face modeling is a popular approach especially among amateur users . in this paper , we propose a deep learning based sketching system for 3d face and caricature modeling ←
→ second order swarm intelligence ; an artificial ant colony system ( acs ) algorithm to solve general - purpose combinatorial optimization problems ( cop ) that extends previous ac models [ 21 ] by the inclusion of a negative pheromone , is here described . several travelling salesman problem ( tsp ) were used as benchmark . we show that by using two different sets of pheromones , a second - order co - evolved compromise between positive and negative feedbacks achieves better results than single positive feedback systems . the ←
→ convergence rates of latent topic models under relaxed identifiability conditions ; in this paper we study the frequentist convergence rate for the latent dirichlet allocation ( blei et al ., 2003 ) topic models . we show that the maximum likelihood estimator converges to one of the finitely many equivalent parameters in wasserstein ' s distance metric at a rate of $ n ^{- 1 / 4 }$ without assuming separability or non - degeneracy of the underlying topics and / or the existence of more than three words per document , thus ←
→ single - view and multi - view depth fusion ; dense and accurate 3d mapping from a monocular sequence is a key technology for several applications and still an open research area . this paper leverages recent results on single - view cnn - based depth estimation and fuses them with multi - view depth estimation . both approaches present complementary strengths . multi - view depth is highly accurate but only in high - texture areas and high - parallax cases . single - view depth captures the local structure of mid - level regions ,←
→ pupil : an open source platform for pervasive eye tracking and mobile gaze - based interaction ; commercial head - mounted eye trackers provide useful features to customers in industry and research but are expensive and rely on closed source hardware and software . this limits the application areas and use of mobile eye tracking to expert users and inhibits user - driven development , customisation , and extension . in this paper we present pupil -- an accessible , affordable , and extensible open source platform for ←
→ analysis and understanding of various models for efficient representation and accurate recognition of human faces ; in this paper we have tried to compare the various face recognition models against their classical problems . we look at the methods followed by these approaches and evaluate to what extent they are able to solve the problems . all methods proposed have some drawbacks under certain conditions . to overcome these drawbacks we propose a multi - model approach ←
→ a sequence of relaxations constraining hidden variable models ; many widely studied graphical models with latent variables lead to nontrivial constraints on the distribution of the observed variables . inspired by the bell inequalities in quantum mechanics , we refer to any linear inequality whose violation rules out some latent variable model as a " hidden variable test " for that model . our main contribution is to introduce a sequence of relaxations which provides progressively tighter hidden variable tests . ←
→ distributed compressive sensing : a deep learning approach ; various studies that address the compressed sensing problem with multiple measurement vectors ( mmvs ) have been recently carried . these studies assume the vectors of the different channels to be jointly sparse . in this paper , we relax this condition . instead we assume that these sparse vectors depend on each other but that this dependency is unknown . we capture this dependency by computing the conditional probability of each entry in each vector bei ←
→ a deep policy inference q - network for multi - agent systems ; we present dpiqn , a deep policy inference q - network that targets multi - agent systems composed of controllable agents , collaborators , and opponents that interact with each other . we focus on one challenging issue in such systems --- modeling agents with varying strategies --- and propose to employ " policy features " learned from raw observations ( e . g ., raw images ) of collaborators and opponents by inferring their policies . dpiqn incorporates the learned ←
→ solution - guided multi - point constructive search for job shop scheduling ; solution - guided multi - point constructive search ( sgmpcs ) is a novel constructive search technique that performs a series of resource - limited tree searches where each search begins either from an empty solution ( as in randomized restart ) or from a solution that has been encountered during the search . a small number of these " elite solutions is maintained during the search . we introduce the technique and perform three sets of experiment ←
→ siamese network of deep fisher - vector descriptors for image retrieval ; this paper addresses the problem of large scale image retrieval , with the aim of accurately ranking the similarity of a large number of images to a given query image . to achieve this , we propose a novel siamese network . this network consists of two computational strands , each comprising of a cnn component followed by a fisher vector component . the cnn component produces dense , deep convolutional descriptors that are then aggregated by t ←
→ exploring directional path - consistency for solving constraint networks ; among the local consistency techniques used for solving constraint networks , path - consistency ( pc ) has received a great deal of attention . however , enforcing pc is computationally expensive and sometimes even unnecessary . directional path - consistency ( dpc ) is a weaker notion of pc that considers a given variable ordering and can thus be enforced more efficiently than pc . this paper shows that dpc ( the dpc enforcing algorithm of dechter ←
→ person recognition in personal photo collections ; recognising persons in everyday photos presents major challenges ( occluded faces , different clothing , locations , etc .) for machine vision . we propose a convnet based person recognition system on which we provide an in - depth analysis of informativeness of different body cues , impact of training data , and the common failure modes of the system . in addition , we discuss the limitations of existing benchmarks and propose more challenging ones . our method is simp ←
→ a deep generative framework for paraphrase generation ; paraphrase generation is an important problem in nlp , especially in question answering , information retrieval , information extraction , conversation systems , to name a few . in this paper , we address the problem of generating paraphrases automatically . our proposed method is based on a combination of deep generative models ( vae ) with sequence - to - sequence models ( lstm ) to generate paraphrases , given an input sentence . traditional vaes when combined with r ←
→ similarity measures on preference structures , part ii : utility functions ; in previous work cite { ha98 : towards } we presented a case - based approach to eliciting and reasoning with preferences . a key issue in this approach is the definition of similarity between user preferences . we introduced the probabilistic distance as a measure of similarity on user preferences , and provided an algorithm to compute the distance between two partially specified { em value } functions . this is for the case of decision making u ←
→ color : a crucial factor for aesthetic quality assessment in a subjective dataset of paintings ; computational aesthetics is an emerging field of research which has attracted different research groups in the last few years . in this field , one of the main approaches to evaluate the aesthetic quality of paintings and photographs is a feature - based approach . among the different features proposed to reach this goal , color plays an import role . in this paper , we introduce a novel dataset that consists of painti ←
→ symbolic regression of generative network models ; networks are a powerful abstraction with applicability to a variety of scientific fields . models explaining their morphology and growth processes permit a wide range of phenomena to be more systematically analysed and understood . at the same time , creating such models is often challenging and requires insights that may be counter - intuitive . yet there currently exists no general method to arrive at better models . we have developed an approach to automaticall ←
→ modeling human categorization of natural images using deep feature representations ; over the last few decades , psychologists have developed sophisticated formal models of human categorization using simple artificial stimuli . in this paper , we use modern machine learning methods to extend this work into the realm of naturalistic stimuli , enabling human categorization to be studied over the complex visual domain in which it evolved and developed . we show that representations derived from a convolutional ne ←
→ autonomous quantum perceptron neural network ; recently , with the rapid development of technology , there are a lot of applications require to achieve low - cost learning . however the computational power of classical artificial neural networks , they are not capable to provide low - cost learning . in contrast , quantum neural networks may be representing a good computational alternate to classical neural network approaches , based on the computational power of quantum bit ( qubit ) over the classical bit . in this pap ←
→ semi - supervised learning with explicit relationship regularization ; in many learning tasks , the structure of the target space of a function holds rich information about the relationships between evaluations of functions on different data points . existing approaches attempt to exploit this relationship information implicitly by enforcing smoothness on function evaluations only . however , what happens if we explicitly regularize the relationships between function evaluations ? inspired by homophily , we regular ←
→ on the model shrinkage effect of gamma process edge partition models ; the edge partition model ( epm ) is a fundamental bayesian nonparametric model for extracting an overlapping structure from binary matrix . the epm adopts a gamma process ($\ gamma $ p ) prior to automatically shrink the number of active atoms . however , we empirically found that the model shrinkage of the epm does not typically work appropriately and leads to an overfitted solution . an analysis of the expectation of the epm ' s intensity function ←
→ gaussian process latent variable alignment learning ; we present a model that can automatically learn alignments between high - dimensional data in an unsupervised manner . learning alignments is an ill - constrained problem as there are many different ways of defining a good alignment . our proposed method casts alignment learning in a framework where both alignment and data are modelled simultaneously . we derive a probabilistic model built on non - parametric priors that allows for flexible warps while at the sam ←
→ hierarchical bayesian image analysis : from low - level modeling to robust supervised learning ; within a supervised classification framework , labeled data are used to learn classifier parameters . prior to that , it is generally required to perform dimensionality reduction via feature extraction . these preprocessing steps have motivated numerous research works aiming at recovering latent variables in an unsupervised context . this paper proposes a unified framework to perform classification and low - level model ←
→ the umcd dataset ; in recent years , the technological improvements of low - cost small - scale unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ) are promoting an ever - increasing use of them in different tasks . in particular , the use of small - scale uavs is useful in all these low - altitude tasks in which common uavs cannot be adopted , such as recurrent comprehensive view of wide environments , frequent monitoring of military areas , real - time classification of static and moving entities ( e . g ., people , cars , etc .). these tasks can be ←
→ deep gaussian conditional random field network : a model - based deep network for discriminative denoising ; we propose a novel deep network architecture for image \\ denoising based on a gaussian conditional random field ( gcrf ) model . in contrast to the existing discriminative denoising methods that train a separate model for each noise level , the proposed deep network explicitly models the input noise variance and hence is capable of handling a range of noise levels . our deep network , which we refer to as d ←
→ ranking sentences for extractive summarization with reinforcement learning ; single document summarization is the task of producing a shorter version of a document while preserving its principal information content . in this paper we conceptualize extractive summarization as a sentence ranking task and propose a novel training algorithm which globally optimizes the rouge evaluation metric through a reinforcement learning objective . we use our algorithm to train a neural summarization model on the cnn and d ←
→ multi - scale deep learning architectures for person re - identification ; person re - identification ( re - id ) aims to match people across non - overlapping camera views in a public space . it is a challenging problem because many people captured in surveillance videos wear similar clothes . consequently , the differences in their appearance are often subtle and only detectable at the right location and scales . existing re - id models , particularly the recently proposed deep learning based ones match people at a single s ←
→ motion - compensated coding and frame - rate up - conversion : models and analysis ; block - based motion estimation ( me ) and compensation ( mc ) techniques are widely used in modern video processing algorithms and compression systems . the great variety of video applications and devices results in numerous compression specifications . specifically , there is a diversity of frame - rates and bit - rates . in this paper , we study the effect of frame - rate and compression bit - rate on block - based me and mc as commonly utilized ←
→ multi - level variational autoencoder : learning disentangled representations from grouped observations ; we would like to learn a representation of the data which decomposes an observation into factors of variation which we can independently control . specifically , we want to use minimal supervision to learn a latent representation that reflects the semantics behind a specific grouping of the data , where within a group the samples share a common factor of variation . for example , consider a collection of face ←
→ the devil is in the tails : fine - grained classification in the wild ; the world is long - tailed . what does this mean for computer vision and visual recognition ? the main two implications are ( 1 ) the number of categories we need to consider in applications can be very large , and ( 2 ) the number of training examples for most categories can be very small . current visual recognition algorithms have achieved excellent classification accuracy . however , they require many training examples to reach peak performance , w ←
→ a multiset model of multi - species evolution to solve big deceptive problems ; this chapter presents smuga , an integration of symbiogenesis with the multiset genetic algorithm ( muga ). the symbiogenetic approach used here is based on the host - parasite model with the novelty of varying the length of parasites along the evolutionary process . additionally , it models collaborations between multiple parasites and a single host . to improve efficiency , we introduced proxy evaluation of parasites , which saves fitne ←
→ on the predictability of rainfall in kerala - an application of abf neural network ; rainfall in kerala state , the southern part of indian peninsula in particular is caused by the two monsoons and the two cyclones every year . in general , climate and rainfall are highly nonlinear phenomena in nature giving rise to what is known as the ` butterfly effect '. we however attempt to train an abf neural network on the time series rainfall data and show for the first time that in spite of the fluctuations resulting ←
→ reinforcement learning approach for parallelization in filters aggregation based feature selection algorithms ; one of the classical problems in machine learning and data mining is feature selection . a feature selection algorithm is expected to be quick , and at the same time it should show high performance . melif algorithm effectively solves this problem using ensembles of ranking filters . this article describes two different ways to improve melif algorithm performance with parallelization . experiments sh ←
→ semi - automatic segmentation of autosomal dominant polycystic kidneys using random forests ; this paper presents a method for 3d segmentation of kidneys from patients with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease ( adpkd ) and severe renal insufficiency , using computed tomography ( ct ) data . adpkd severely alters the shape of the kidneys due to non - uniform formation of cysts . as a consequence , fully automatic segmentation of such kidneys is very challenging . we present a segmentation method with minimal u ←
→ fast search for dirichlet process mixture models ; dirichlet process ( dp ) mixture models provide a flexible bayesian framework for density estimation . unfortunately , their flexibility comes at a cost : inference in dp mixture models is computationally expensive , even when conjugate distributions are used . in the common case when one seeks only a maximum a posteriori assignment of data points to clusters , we show that search algorithms provide a practical alternative to expensive mcmc and variational techniqu ←
→ global entity ranking across multiple languages ; we present work on building a global long - tailed ranking of entities across multiple languages using wikipedia and freebase knowledge bases . we identify multiple features and build a model to rank entities using a ground - truth dataset of more than 10 thousand labels . the final system ranks 27 million entities with 75 % precision and 48 % f1 score . we provide performance evaluation and empirical evidence of the quality of ranking across languages , and open the ←
→ a framework for constrained and adaptive behavior - based agents ; behavior trees are commonly used to model agents for robotics and games , where constrained behaviors must be designed by human experts in order to guarantee that these agents will execute a specific chain of actions given a specific set of perceptions . in such application areas , learning is a desirable feature to provide agents with the ability to adapt and improve interactions with humans and environment , but often discarded due to its unreli ←
→ alignment of microtubule imagery ; this work discusses preliminary work aimed at simulating and visualizing the growth process of a tiny structure inside the cell --- the microtubule . difficulty of recording the process lies in the fact that the tissue preparation method for electronic microscopes is highly destructive to live cells . here in this paper , our approach is to take pictures of microtubules at different time slots and then appropriately combine these images into a coherent video . experimental resul ←
→ incremental recompilation of knowledge ; approximating a general formula from above and below by horn formulas ( its horn envelope and horn core , respectively ) was proposed by selman and kautz ( 1991 , 1996 ) as a form of `` knowledge compilation ,'' supporting rapid approximate reasoning ; on the negative side , this scheme is static in that it supports no updates , and has certain complexity drawbacks pointed out by kavvadias , papadimitriou and sideri ( 1993 ). on the other hand , the many frameworks and schemes prop ←
→ the delivermath project - text analysis in mathematics ; a high - quality content analysis is essential for retrieval functionalities but the manual extraction of key phrases and classification is expensive . natural language processing provides a framework to automatize the process . here , a machine - based approach for the content analysis of mathematical texts is described . a prototype for key phrase extraction and classification of mathematical texts is presented .←
→ dragon : a computation graph virtual machine based deep learning framework ; deep learning has made a great progress for these years . however , it is still difficult to master the implement of various models because different researchers may release their code based on different frameworks or interfaces . in this paper , we proposed a computation graph based framework which only aims to introduce well - known interfaces . it will help a lot when reproducing a newly model or transplanting models that were impleme ←
→ deep generative stochastic networks trainable by backprop ; we introduce a novel training principle for probabilistic models that is an alternative to maximum likelihood . the proposed generative stochastic networks ( gsn ) framework is based on learning the transition operator of a markov chain whose stationary distribution estimates the data distribution . the transition distribution of the markov chain is conditional on the previous state , generally involving a small move , so this conditional distribution ha ←
→ using soft constraints to learn semantic models of descriptions of shapes ; the contribution of this paper is to provide a semantic model ( using soft constraints ) of the words used by web - users to describe objects in a language game ; a game in which one user describes a selected object of those composing the scene , and another user has to guess which object has been described . the given description needs to be non ambiguous and accurate enough to allow other users to guess the described shape correctly . ←
→ quantum support vector machine for big data classification ; supervised machine learning is the classification of new data based on already classified training examples . in this work , we show that the support vector machine , an optimized binary classifier , can be implemented on a quantum computer , with complexity logarithmic in the size of the vectors and the number of training examples . in cases when classical sampling algorithms require polynomial time , an exponential speed - up is obtained . at the core of ←
→ learning membership functions in a function - based object recognition system ; functionality - based recognition systems recognize objects at the category level by reasoning about how well the objects support the expected function . such systems naturally associate a `` measure of goodness '' or `` membership value '' with a recognized object . this measure of goodness is the result of combining individual measures , or membership values , from potentially many primitive evaluations of different properties of the ob ←
→ bolasso : model consistent lasso estimation through the bootstrap ; we consider the least - square linear regression problem with regularization by the l1 - norm , a problem usually referred to as the lasso . in this paper , we present a detailed asymptotic analysis of model consistency of the lasso . for various decays of the regularization parameter , we compute asymptotic equivalents of the probability of correct model selection ( i . e ., variable selection ). for a specific rate decay , we show that the lasso selects ←
→ learning relational dependency networks for relation extraction ; we consider the task of kbp slot filling -- extracting relation information from newswire documents for knowledge base construction . we present our pipeline , which employs relational dependency networks ( rdns ) to learn linguistic patterns for relation extraction . additionally , we demonstrate how several components such as weak supervision , word2vec features , joint learning and the use of human advice , can be incorporated in this relational fr ←
→ active learning for node classification in assortative and disassortative networks ; in many real - world networks , nodes have class labels , attributes , or variables that affect the network ' s topology . if the topology of the network is known but the labels of the nodes are hidden , we would like to select a small subset of nodes such that , if we knew their labels , we could accurately predict the labels of all the other nodes . we develop an active learning algorithm for this problem which uses information - the ←
→ viewpoint distortion compensation in practical surveillance systems ; our aim is to estimate the perspective - effected geometric distortion of a scene from a video feed . in contrast to all previous work we wish to achieve this using from low - level , spatio - temporally local motion features used in commercial semi - automatic surveillance systems . we : ( i ) describe a dense algorithm which uses motion features to estimate the perspective distortion at each image locus and then polls all such local estimates to arri ←
→ byrdie : byzantine - resilient distributed coordinate descent for decentralized learning ; distributed machine learning algorithms enable processing of datasets that are distributed over a network without gathering the data at a centralized location . while efficient distributed algorithms have been developed under the assumption of faultless networks , failures that can render these algorithms nonfunctional indeed happen in the real world . this paper focuses on the problem of byzantine failures , which are the ←
→ approachability in unknown games : online learning meets multi - objective optimization ; in the standard setting of approachability there are two players and a target set . the players play repeatedly a known vector - valued game where the first player wants to have the average vector - valued payoff converge to the target set which the other player tries to exclude it from this set . we revisit this setting in the spirit of online learning and do not assume that the first player knows the game structure : she rec ←
→ learning to extract keyphrases from text ; many academic journals ask their authors to provide a list of about five to fifteen key words , to appear on the first page of each article . since these key words are often phrases of two or more words , we prefer to call them keyphrases . there is a surprisingly wide variety of tasks for which keyphrases are useful , as we discuss in this paper . recent commercial software , such as microsoft ' s word 97 and verity ' s search 97 , includes algorithms that automatically extra ←
→ algorithms for linear bandits on polyhedral sets ; we study stochastic linear optimization problem with bandit feedback . the set of arms take values in an $ n $- dimensional space and belong to a bounded polyhedron described by finitely many linear inequalities . we provide a lower bound for the expected regret that scales as $\ omega ( n \ log t )$. we then provide a nearly optimal algorithm and show that its expected regret scales as $ o ( n \ log ^{ 1 +\ epsilon }( t ))$ for an arbitrary small $\ epsilon > 0 $. the algorithm alt ←
→ introspective perception : learning to predict failures in vision systems ; as robots aspire for long - term autonomous operations in complex dynamic environments , the ability to reliably take mission - critical decisions in ambiguous situations becomes critical . this motivates the need to build systems that have situational awareness to assess how qualified they are at that moment to make a decision . we call this self - evaluating capability as introspection . in this paper , we take a small step in this direction ←
→ memory enriched big bang big crunch optimization algorithm for data clustering ; cluster analysis plays an important role in decision making process for many knowledge - based systems . there exist a wide variety of different approaches for clustering applications including the heuristic techniques , probabilistic models , and traditional hierarchical algorithms . in this paper , a novel heuristic approach based on big bang - big crunch algorithm is proposed for clustering problems . the proposed method not only ta ←
→ information potential auto - encoders ; in this paper , we suggest a framework to make use of mutual information as a regularization criterion to train auto - encoders ( aes ). in the proposed framework , aes are regularized by minimization of the mutual information between input and encoding variables of aes during the training phase . in order to estimate the entropy of the encoding variables and the mutual information , we propose a non - parametric method . we also give an information theoretic view of variational a ←
→ process monitoring of extrusion based 3d printing via laser scanning ; extrusion based 3d printing ( e3dp ) is an additive manufacturing ( am ) technique that extrudes thermoplastic polymer in order to build up components using a layerwise approach . hereby , am typically requires long production times in comparison to mass production processes such as injection molding . failures during the am process are often only noticed after build completion and frequently lead to part rejection because of dimensional inaccu ←
→ goal - oriented chatbot dialog management bootstrapping with transfer learning ; goal - oriented ( go ) dialogue systems , colloquially known as goal oriented chatbots , help users achieve a predefined goal ( e . g . book a movie ticket ) within a closed domain . a first step is to understand the user ' s goal by using natural language understanding techniques . once the goal is known , the bot must manage a dialogue to achieve that goal , which is conducted with respect to a learnt policy . the success of the dialogue syste ←
→ using automatic generation of relaxation constraints to improve the preimage attack on 39 - step md4 ; in this paper we construct preimage attack on the truncated variant of the md4 hash function . specifically , we study the md4 - 39 function defined by the first 39 steps of the md4 algorithm . we suggest a new attack on md4 - 39 , which develops the ideas proposed by h . dobbertin in 1998 . namely , the special relaxation constraints are introduced in order to simplify the equations corresponding to the problem of f ←
→ language diversity across the consonant inventories : a study in the framework of complex networks ; n this paper , we attempt to explain the emergence of the linguistic diversity that exists across the consonant inventories of some of the major language families of the world through a complex network based growth model . there is only a single parameter for this model that is meant to introduce a small amount of randomness in the otherwise preferential attachment based growth process . the experiments with t ←
→ radon - gabor barcodes for medical image retrieval ; in recent years , with the explosion of digital images on the web , content - based retrieval has emerged as a significant research area . shapes , textures , edges and segments may play a key role in describing the content of an image . radon and gabor transforms are both powerful techniques that have been widely studied to extract shape - texture - based information . the combined radon - gabor features may be more robust against scale / rotation variations , presence of n ←
→ strategic teaching and learning in games ; it is known that there are uncoupled learning heuristics leading to nash equilibrium in all finite games . why should players use such learning heuristics and where could they come from ? we show that there is no uncoupled learning heuristic leading to nash equilibrium in all finite games that a player has an incentive to adopt , that would be evolutionary stable or that could " learn itself ". rather , a player has an incentive to strategically teach such a learning opp ←
→ combining spatial and temporal logics : expressiveness vs . complexity ; in this paper , we construct and investigate a hierarchy of spatio - temporal formalisms that result from various combinations of propositional spatial and temporal logics such as the propositional temporal logic ptl , the spatial logics rcc - 8 , brcc - 8 , s4u and their fragments . the obtained results give a clear picture of the trade - off between expressiveness and computational realisability within the hierarchy . we demonstrate how different co ←
→ lower bounds for bmrm and faster rates for training svms ; regularized risk minimization with the binary hinge loss and its variants lies at the heart of many machine learning problems . bundle methods for regularized risk minimization ( bmrm ) and the closely related svmstruct are considered the best general purpose solvers to tackle this problem . it was recently shown that bmrm requires $ o ( 1 /\ epsilon )$ iterations to converge to an $\ epsilon $ accurate solution . in the first part of the paper we use the hadama ←
→ generative topic embedding : a continuous representation of documents ( extended version with proofs ) ; word embedding maps words into a low - dimensional continuous embedding space by exploiting the local word collocation patterns in a small context window . on the other hand , topic modeling maps documents onto a low - dimensional topic space , by utilizing the global word collocation patterns in the same document . these two types of patterns are complementary . in this paper , we propose a generative topic embedd ←
→ towards string - to - tree neural machine translation ; we present a simple method to incorporate syntactic information about the target language in a neural machine translation system by translating into linearized , lexicalized constituency trees . an experiment on the wmt16 german - english news translation task resulted in an improved bleu score when compared to a syntax - agnostic nmt baseline trained on the same dataset . an analysis of the translations from the syntax - aware system shows that it performs more re ←
→ detecting events and key actors in multi - person videos ; multi - person event recognition is a challenging task , often with many people active in the scene but only a small subset contributing to an actual event . in this paper , we propose a model which learns to detect events in such videos while automatically " attending " to the people responsible for the event . our model does not use explicit annotations regarding who or where those people are during training and testing . in particular , we track people in vi ←
→ integrating sentiment and social structure to determine preference alignments : the irish marriage referendum ; we examine the relationship between social structure and sentiment through the analysis of a large collection of tweets about the irish marriage referendum of 2015 . we obtain the sentiment of every tweet with the hashtags # marref and # marriageref that was posted in the days leading to the referendum , and construct networks to aggregate sentiment and use it to study the interactions among users . o ←
→ blood capillaries and vessels segmentation in optical coherence tomography angiogram using fuzzy c - means and curvelet transform ; this paper has been removed from arxiv as the submitter did not have ownership of the data presented in this work .←
→ evolving spiking networks with variable resistive memories ; neuromorphic computing is a brainlike information processing paradigm that requires adaptive learning mechanisms . a spiking neuro - evolutionary system is used for this purpose ; plastic resistive memories are implemented as synapses in spiking neural networks . the evolutionary design process exploits parameter self - adaptation and allows the topology and synaptic weights to be evolved for each network in an autonomous manner . variable resistive memor ←
→ introduction to the bag of features paradigm for image classification and retrieval ; the past decade has seen the growing popularity of bag of features ( bof ) approaches to many computer vision tasks , including image classification , video search , robot localization , and texture recognition . part of the appeal is simplicity . bof methods are based on orderless collections of quantized local image descriptors ; they discard spatial information and are therefore conceptually and computationally simpler than ma ←
→ semi - blind spatially - variant deconvolution in optical microscopy with local point spread function estimation by use of convolutional neural networks ; we present a semi - blind , spatially - variant deconvolution technique aimed at optical microscopy that combines a local estimation step of the point spread function ( psf ) and deconvolution using a spatially variant , regularized richardson - lucy algorithm . to find the local psf map in a computationally tractable way , we train a convolutional neural network to ←
→ variance - based rewards for approximate bayesian reinforcement learning ; the explore { exploit dilemma is one of the central challenges in reinforcement learning ( rl ). bayesian rl solves the dilemma by providing the agent with information in the form of a prior distribution over environments ; however , full bayesian planning is intractable . planning with the mean mdp is a common myopic approximation of bayesian planning . we derive a novel reward bonus that is a function of the posterior distribution over envir ←
→ an overview and evaluation of various face and eyes detection algorithms for driver fatigue monitoring systems ; in this work various methods and algorithms for face and eyes detection are examined in order to decide which of them are applicable for use in a driver fatigue monitoring system . in the case of face detection the standard viola - jones face detector has shown best results , while the method of finding the eye centers by means of gradients has proven to be most appropriate in the case of eyes dete ←
→ single - solution hypervolume maximization and its use for improving generalization of neural networks ; this paper introduces the hypervolume maximization with a single solution as an alternative to the mean loss minimization . the relationship between the two problems is proved through bounds on the cost function when an optimal solution to one of the problems is evaluated on the other , with a hyperparameter to control the similarity between the two problems . this same hyperparameter allows higher weight t ←
→ an approximate bayesian long short - term memory algorithm for outlier detection ; long short - term memory networks trained with gradient descent and back - propagation have received great success in various applications . however , point estimation of the weights of the networks is prone to over - fitting problems and lacks important uncertainty information associated with the estimation . however , exact bayesian neural network methods are intractable and non - applicable for real - world applications . in this study , ←
→ a novel multiclasssvm based framework to classify lithology from well logs : a real - world application ; support vector machines ( svms ) have been recognized as a potential tool for supervised classification analyses in different domains of research . in essence , svm is a binary classifier . therefore , in case of a multiclass problem , the problem is divided into a series of binary problems which are solved by binary classifiers , and finally the classification results are combined following either the one - again ←
→ a framework for combining defeasible argumentation with labeled deduction ; in the last years , there has been an increasing demand of a variety of logical systems , prompted mostly by applications of logic in ai and other related areas . labeled deductive systems ( lds ) were developed as a flexible methodology to formalize such a kind of complex logical systems . defeasible argumentation has proven to be a successful approach to formalizing commonsense reasoning , encompassing many other alternative formalisms ←
→ streaming word embeddings with the space - saving algorithm ; we develop a streaming ( one - pass , bounded - memory ) word embedding algorithm based on the canonical skip - gram with negative sampling algorithm implemented in word2vec . we compare our streaming algorithm to word2vec empirically by measuring the cosine similarity between word pairs under each algorithm and by applying each algorithm in the downstream task of hashtag prediction on a two - month interval of the twitter sample stream . we then discuss the re ←
→ merging uncertain knowledge bases in a possibilistic logic framework ; this paper addresses the problem of merging uncertain information in the framework of possibilistic logic . it presents several syntactic combination rules to merge possibilistic knowledge bases , provided by different sources , into a new possibilistic knowledge base . these combination rules are first described at the meta - level outside the language of possibilistic logic . next , an extension of possibilistic logic , where the combination ru ←
→ occlusion coherence : detecting and localizing occluded faces ; the presence of occluders significantly impacts object recognition accuracy . however , occlusion is typically treated as an unstructured source of noise and explicit models for occluders have lagged behind those for object appearance and shape . in this paper we describe a hierarchical deformable part model for face detection and landmark localization that explicitly models part occlusion . the proposed model structure makes it possible to augment ←
→ ultimate intelligence part ii : physical measure and complexity of intelligence ; we continue our analysis of volume and energy measures that are appropriate for quantifying inductive inference systems . we extend logical depth and conceptual jump size measures in ait to stochastic problems , and physical measures that involve volume and energy . we introduce a graphical model of computational complexity that we believe to be appropriate for intelligent machines . we show several asymptotic relations between e ←
→ ultrametric wavelet regression of multivariate time series : application to colombian conflict analysis ; we first pursue the study of how hierarchy provides a well - adapted tool for the analysis of change . then , using a time sequence - constrained hierarchical clustering , we develop the practical aspects of a new approach to wavelet regression . this provides a new way to link hierarchical relationships in a multivariate time series data set with external signals . violence data from the colombian conflict in ←
→ iris recognition based on lbp and combined lvq classifier ; iris recognition is considered as one of the best biometric methods used for human identification and verification , this is because of its unique features that differ from one person to another , and its importance in the security field . this paper proposes an algorithm for iris recognition and classification using a system based on local binary pattern and histogram properties as a statistical approaches for feature extraction , and combined learnin ←
→ stochasticnet : forming deep neural networks via stochastic connectivity ; deep neural networks is a branch in machine learning that has seen a meteoric rise in popularity due to its powerful abilities to represent and model high - level abstractions in highly complex data . one area in deep neural networks that is ripe for exploration is neural connectivity formation . a pivotal study on the brain tissue of rats found that synaptic formation for specific functional connectivity in neocortical neural microcircui ←
→ distinguishing antonyms and synonyms in a pattern - based neural network ; distinguishing between antonyms and synonyms is a key task to achieve high performance in nlp systems . while they are notoriously difficult to distinguish by distributional co - occurrence models , pattern - based methods have proven effective to differentiate between the relations . in this paper , we present a novel neural network model antsynnet that exploits lexico - syntactic patterns from syntactic parse trees . in addition to the lexical ←
→ attngan : fine - grained text to image generation with attentional generative adversarial networks ; in this paper , we propose an attentional generative adversarial network ( attngan ) that allows attention - driven , multi - stage refinement for fine - grained text - to - image generation . with a novel attentional generative network , the attngan can synthesize fine - grained details at different subregions of the image by paying attentions to the relevant words in the natural language description . in addition , a deep atte ←
→ adaptive forgetting factor fictitious play ; it is now well known that decentralised optimisation can be formulated as a potential game , and game - theoretical learning algorithms can be used to find an optimum . one of the most common learning techniques in game theory is fictitious play . however fictitious play is founded on an implicit assumption that opponents ' strategies are stationary . we present a novel variation of fictitious play that allows the use of a more realistic model of opponent strategy . it u ←
→ 3dcontextnet : k - d tree guided hierarchical learning of point clouds using local contextual cues ; 3d data such as point clouds and meshes are becoming more and more available . the goal of this paper is to obtain 3d object and scene classification and semantic segmentation . because point clouds have irregular formats , most of the existing methods convert the 3d data into multiple 2d projection images or 3d voxel grids . these representations are suited as input of conventional cnns but they either ignore th ←
→ well - founded operators for normal hybrid mknf knowledge bases ; hybrid mknf knowledge bases have been considered one of the dominant approaches to combining open world ontology languages with closed world rule - based languages . currently , the only known inference methods are based on the approach of guess - and - verify , while most modern sat / asp solvers are built under the dpll architecture . the central impediment here is that it is not clear what constitutes a constraint propagator , a key component employed in ←
→ solving time of least square systems in sigma - pi unit networks ; the solving of least square systems is a useful operation in neurocomputational modeling of learning , pattern matching , and pattern recognition . in these last two cases , the solution must be obtained on - line , thus the time required to solve a system in a plausible neural architecture is critical . this paper presents a recurrent network of sigma - pi neurons , whose solving time increases at most like the logarithm of the system size , and of its c ←
→ adversarial deep structured nets for mass segmentation from mammograms ; mass segmentation provides effective morphological features which are important for mass diagnosis . in this work , we propose a novel end - to - end network for mammographic mass segmentation which employs a fully convolutional network ( fcn ) to model a potential function , followed by a crf to perform structured learning . because the mass distribution varies greatly with pixel position , the fcn is combined with a position priori . further , we ←
→ interpretable learning for self - driving cars by visualizing causal attention ; deep neural perception and control networks are likely to be a key component of self - driving vehicles . these models need to be explainable - they should provide easy - to - interpret rationales for their behavior - so that passengers , insurance companies , law enforcement , developers etc ., can understand what triggered a particular behavior . here we explore the use of visual explanations . these explanations take the form of real - tim ←
→ total - text : a comprehensive dataset for scene text detection and recognition ; text in curve orientation , despite being one of the common text orientations in real world environment , has close to zero existence in well received scene text datasets such as icdar2013 and msra - td500 . the main motivation of total - text is to fill this gap and facilitate a new research direction for the scene text community . on top of the conventional horizontal and multi - oriented texts , it features curved - oriented text . total -←
→ search - based methods to bound diagnostic probabilities in very large belief nets ; since exact probabilistic inference is intractable in general for large multiply connected belief nets , approximate methods are required . a promising approach is to use heuristic search among hypotheses ( instantiations of the network ) to find the most probable ones , as in the topn algorithm . search is based on the relative probabilities of hypotheses which are efficient to compute . given upper and lower bounds on the relati ←
→ dependent matérn processes for multivariate time series ; for the challenging task of modeling multivariate time series , we propose a new class of models that use dependent mat \' ern processes to capture the underlying structure of data , explain their interdependencies , and predict their unknown values . although similar models have been proposed in the econometric , statistics , and machine learning literature , our approach has several advantages that distinguish it from existing methods : 1 ) it is flexible to ←
→ graph - valued regression ; undirected graphical models encode in a graph $ g $ the dependency structure of a random vector $ y $. in many applications , it is of interest to model $ y $ given another random vector $ x $ as input . we refer to the problem of estimating the graph $ g ( x )$ of $ y $ conditioned on $ x = x $ as `` graph - valued regression .'' in this paper , we propose a semiparametric method for estimating $ g ( x )$ that builds a tree on the $ x $ space just as in cart ( classification and regression trees ), but at each le ←
→ efficient topology - controlled sampling of implicit shapes ; sampling from distributions of implicitly defined shapes enables analysis of various energy functionals used for image segmentation . recent work describes a computationally efficient metropolis - hastings method for accomplishing this task . here , we extend that framework so that samples are accepted at every iteration of the sampler , achieving an order of magnitude speed up in convergence . additionally , we show how to incorporate topological constrai ←
→ exponentiated gradient exploration for active learning ; active learning strategies respond to the costly labelling task in a supervised classification by selecting the most useful unlabelled examples in training a predictive model . many conventional active learning algorithms focus on refining the decision boundary , rather than exploring new regions that can be more informative . in this setting , we propose a sequential algorithm named eg - active that can improve any active learning algorithm by an optimal r ←
→ solving transition - independent multi - agent mdps with sparse interactions ( extended version ) ; in cooperative multi - agent sequential decision making under uncertainty , agents must coordinate to find an optimal joint policy that maximises joint value . typical algorithms exploit additive structure in the value function , but in the fully - observable multi - agent mdp setting ( mmdp ) such structure is not present . we propose a new optimal solver for transition - independent mmdps , in which agents can only affect the ←
→ bayesian optimization for adaptive mcmc ; this paper proposes a new randomized strategy for adaptive mcmc using bayesian optimization . this approach applies to non - differentiable objective functions and trades off exploration and exploitation to reduce the number of potentially costly objective function evaluations . we demonstrate the strategy in the complex setting of sampling from constrained , discrete and densely connected probabilistic graphical models where , for each variation of the problem , one needs ←
→ neural speed reading via skim - rnn ; inspired by the principles of speed reading , we introduce skim - rnn , a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) that dynamically decides to update only a small fraction of the hidden state for relatively unimportant input tokens . skim - rnn gives computational advantage over an rnn that always updates the entire hidden state . skim - rnn uses the same input and output interfaces as a standard rnn and can be easily used instead of rnns in existing models . in our experiments , we show that ←
→ book : storing algorithm - invariant episodes for deep reinforcement learning ; we introduce a novel method to train agents of reinforcement learning ( rl ) by sharing knowledge in a way similar to the concept of using a book . the recorded information in the form of a book is the main means by which humans learn knowledge . nevertheless , the conventional deep rl methods have mainly focused either on experiential learning where the agent learns through interactions with the environment from the start or on imita ←
→ salience - affected neural networks ; we present a simple neural network model which combines a locally - connected feedforward structure , as is traditionally used to model inter - neuron connectivity , with a layer of undifferentiated connections which model the diffuse projections from the human limbic system to the cortex . this new layer makes it possible to model global effects such as salience , at the same time as the local network processes task - specific or local information . this simple combination network ←
→ on learning by exchanging advice ; one of the main questions concerning learning in multi - agent systems is : ( how ) can agents benefit from mutual interaction during the learning process ?. this paper describes the study of an interactive advice - exchange mechanism as a possible way to improve agents ' learning performance . the advice - exchange technique , discussed here , uses supervised learning ( backpropagation ), where reinforcement is not directly coming from the environment but is based on advice given by peer ←
→ efficient online relative comparison kernel learning ; learning a kernel matrix from relative comparison human feedback is an important problem with applications in collaborative filtering , object retrieval , and search . for learning a kernel over a large number of objects , existing methods face significant scalability issues inhibiting the application of these methods to settings where a kernel is learned in an online and timely fashion . in this paper we propose a novel framework called efficient online rel ←
→ a new modal framework for epistemic logic ; recent years witnessed a growing interest in non - standard epistemic logics of knowing whether , knowing how , knowing what , knowing why and so on . the new epistemic modalities introduced in those logics all share , in their semantics , the general schema of $\ exists x \ box \ phi $, e . g ., knowing how to achieve $\ phi $ roughly means that there exists a way such that you know that it is a way to ensure that $\ phi $. moreover , the resulting logics are decidable . inspired by ←
→ distributed learning for cooperative inference ; we study the problem of cooperative inference where a group of agents interact over a network and seek to estimate a joint parameter that best explains a set of observations . agents do not know the network topology or the observations of other agents . we explore a variational interpretation of the bayesian posterior density , and its relation to the stochastic mirror descent algorithm , to propose a new distributed learning algorithm . we show that , under approp ←
→ dynamic template tracking and recognition ; in this paper we address the problem of tracking non - rigid objects whose local appearance and motion changes as a function of time . this class of objects includes dynamic textures such as steam , fire , smoke , water , etc ., as well as articulated objects such as humans performing various actions . we model the temporal evolution of the object ' s appearance / motion using a linear dynamical system ( lds ). we learn such models from sample videos and use them as dynamic temp ←
→ a network intrusions detection system based on a quantum bio inspired algorithm ; network intrusion detection systems ( nidss ) have a role of identifying malicious activities by monitoring the behavior of networks . due to the currently high volume of networks trafic in addition to the increased number of attacks and their dynamic properties , nidss have the challenge of improving their classification performance . bio - inspired optimization algorithms ( bios ) are used to automatically extract the the discrimin ←
→ gaussian processes for data - efficient learning in robotics and control ; autonomous learning has been a promising direction in control and robotics for more than a decade since data - driven learning allows to reduce the amount of engineering knowledge , which is otherwise required . however , autonomous reinforcement learning ( rl ) approaches typically require many interactions with the system to learn controllers , which is a practical limitation in real systems , such as robots , where many interactions can be im ←
→ discovering semantic spatial and spatio - temporal outliers from moving object trajectories ; several algorithms have been proposed for discovering patterns from trajectories of moving objects , but only a few have concentrated on outlier detection . existing approaches , in general , discover spatial outliers , and do not provide any further analysis of the patterns . in this paper we introduce semantic spatial and spatio - temporal outliers and propose a new algorithm for trajectory outlier detection . semantic ou ←
→ on convergence and stability of gans ; we propose studying gan training dynamics as regret minimization , which is in contrast to the popular view that there is consistent minimization of a divergence between real and generated distributions . we analyze the convergence of gan training from this new point of view to understand why mode collapse happens . we hypothesize the existence of undesirable local equilibria in this non - convex game to be responsible for mode collapse . we observe that these local equilibr ←
→ ascribing consciousness to artificial intelligence ; this paper critically assesses the anti - functionalist stance on consciousness adopted by certain advocates of integrated information theory ( iit ), a corollary of which is that human - level artificial intelligence implemented on conventional computing hardware is necessarily not conscious . the critique draws on variations of a well - known gradual neuronal replacement thought experiment , as well as bringing out tensions in iit ' s treatment of self - knowledge . t ←
→ leveraging structural context models and ranking score fusion for human interaction prediction ; predicting an interaction before it is fully executed is very important in applications such as human - robot interaction and video surveillance . in a two - human interaction scenario , there often contextual dependency structure between the global interaction context of the two humans and the local context of the different body parts of each human . in this paper , we propose to learn the structure of the interactio ←
→ linguistic knowledge as memory for recurrent neural networks ; training recurrent neural networks to model long term dependencies is difficult . hence , we propose to use external linguistic knowledge as an explicit signal to inform the model which memories it should utilize . specifically , external knowledge is used to augment a sequence with typed edges between arbitrarily distant elements , and the resulting graph is decomposed into directed acyclic subgraphs . we introduce a model that encodes such graphs as ←
→ evidence combination for a large number of sources ; the theory of belief functions is an effective tool to deal with the multiple uncertain information . in recent years , many evidence combination rules have been proposed in this framework , such as the conjunctive rule , the cautious rule , the pcr ( proportional conflict redistribution ) rules and so on . these rules can be adopted for different types of sources . however , most of these rules are not applicable when the number of sources is large . this is due to ←
→ feature representation in convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are powerful models that achieve impressive results for image classification . in addition , pre - trained cnns are also useful for other computer vision tasks as generic feature extractors . this paper aims to gain insight into the feature aspect of cnn and demonstrate other uses of cnn features . our results show that cnn feature maps can be used with random forests and svm to yield classification results that outperf ←
→ becoming the expert - interactive multi - class machine teaching ; compared to machines , humans are extremely good at classifying images into categories , especially when they possess prior knowledge of the categories at hand . if this prior information is not available , supervision in the form of teaching images is required . to learn categories more quickly , people should see important and representative images first , followed by less important images later - or not at all . however , image - importance is individ ←
→ joint face alignment and 3d face reconstruction with application to face recognition ; face alignment and 3d face reconstruction are traditionally accomplished as separated tasks . by exploring the strong correlation between 2d landmarks and 3d shapes , in contrast , we propose a joint face alignment and 3d face reconstruction method to simultaneously solve these two problems for 2d face images of arbitrary poses and expressions . this method , based on a summation model of 3d face shapes and cascaded regressi ←
→ angle - based joint and individual variation explained ; integrative analysis of disparate data blocks measured on a common set of experimental subjects is a major challenge in modern data analysis . this data structure naturally motivates the simultaneous exploration of the joint and individual variation within each data block resulting in new insights . for instance , there is a strong desire to integrate the multiple genomic data sets in the cancer genome atlas to characterize the common and also the unique a ←
→ a novel approach coloured object tracker with adaptive model and bandwidth using mean shift algorithm ; the traditional color - based mean - shift tracking algorithm is popular among tracking methods due to its simple and efficient procedure , however , the lack of dynamism in its target model makes it unsuitable for tracking objects which have changes in their sizes and shapes . in this paper , we propose a fast novel threephase colored object tracker algorithm based on mean shift idea while utilizing adaptive m ←
→ mad - bayes : map - based asymptotic derivations from bayes ; the classical mixture of gaussians model is related to k - means via small - variance asymptotics : as the covariances of the gaussians tend to zero , the negative log - likelihood of the mixture of gaussians model approaches the k - means objective , and the em algorithm approaches the k - means algorithm . kulis & jordan ( 2012 ) used this observation to obtain a novel k - means - like algorithm from a gibbs sampler for the dirichlet process ( dp ) mixture . we instead co ←
→ multiple instance learning networks for fine - grained sentiment analysis ; we consider the task of fine - grained sentiment analysis from the perspective of multiple instance learning ( mil ). our neural model is trained on document sentiment labels , and learns to predict the sentiment of text segments , i . e . sentences or elementary discourse units ( edus ), without segment - level supervision . we introduce an attention - based polarity scoring method for identifying positive and negative text snippets and a new datase ←
→ an extensive technique to detect and analyze melanoma : a challenge at the international symposium on biomedical imaging ( isbi ) 2017 ; an automated method to detect and analyze the melanoma is presented to improve diagnosis which will leads to the exact treatment . image processing techniques such as segmentation , feature descriptors and classification models are involved in this method . in the first phase the lesion region is segmented using cielab color space based segmentation . then feature descriptors s ←
→ a distributed frank - wolfe algorithm for communication - efficient sparse learning ; learning sparse combinations is a frequent theme in machine learning . in this paper , we study its associated optimization problem in the distributed setting where the elements to be combined are not centrally located but spread over a network . we address the key challenges of balancing communication costs and optimization errors . to this end , we propose a distributed frank - wolfe ( dfw ) algorithm . we obtain theoretical guarant ←
→ deep structured energy - based image inpainting ; in this paper , we propose a structured image inpainting method employing an energy based model . in order to learn structural relationship between patterns observed in images and missing regions of the images , we employ an energy - based structured prediction method . the structural relationship is learned by minimizing an energy function which is defined by a simple convolutional neural network . the experimental results on various benchmark datasets show that our ←
→ fast geometric fit algorithm for sphere using exact solution ; sphere fitting is a common problem in almost all science and engineering disciplines . most of methods available are iterative in behavior . this involves fitting of the parameters in a least square sense or in a geometric sense . here we extend the methods of thomas chan and landau who fitted the 2d data using circle . this work closely resemble their work in redefining the error estimate and solving the sphere fitting problem exactly . the solution ←
→ cross - lingual entity alignment via joint attribute - preserving embedding ; entity alignment is the task of finding entities in two knowledge bases ( kbs ) that represent the same real - world object . when facing kbs in different natural languages , conventional cross - lingual entity alignment methods rely on machine translation to eliminate the language barriers . these approaches often suffer from the uneven quality of translations between languages . while recent embedding - based techniques encode entities and rela ←
→ laying down the yellow brick road : development of a wizard - of - oz interface for collecting human - robot dialogue ; we describe the adaptation and refinement of a graphical user interface designed to facilitate a wizard - of - oz ( woz ) approach to collecting human - robot dialogue data . the data collected will be used to develop a dialogue system for robot navigation . building on an interface previously used in the development of dialogue systems for virtual agents and video playback , we add templates with open pa ←
→ a logic programming approach to knowledge - state planning : semantics and complexity ; we propose a new declarative planning language , called k , which is based on principles and methods of logic programming . in this language , transitions between states of knowledge can be described , rather than transitions between completely described states of the world , which makes the language well - suited for planning under incomplete knowledge . furthermore , it enables the use of default principles in the planning proces ←
→ corollaries on the fixpoint completion : studying the stable semantics by means of the clark completion ; the fixpoint completion fix ( p ) of a normal logic program p is a program transformation such that the stable models of p are exactly the models of the clark completion of fix ( p ). this is well - known and was studied by dung and kanchanasut ( 1989 ). the correspondence , however , goes much further : the gelfond - lifschitz operator of p coincides with the immediate consequence operator of fix ( p ), as shown by wen ←
→ optimization methods for large - scale machine learning ; this paper provides a review and commentary on the past , present , and future of numerical optimization algorithms in the context of machine learning applications . through case studies on text classification and the training of deep neural networks , we discuss how optimization problems arise in machine learning and what makes them challenging . a major theme of our study is that large - scale machine learning represents a distinctive setting in which the s ←
→ shape generation using spatially partitioned point clouds ; we propose a method to generate 3d shapes using point clouds . given a point - cloud representation of a 3d shape , our method builds a kd - tree to spatially partition the points . this orders them consistently across all shapes , resulting in reasonably good correspondences across all shapes . we then use pca analysis to derive a linear shape basis across the spatially partitioned points , and optimize the point ordering by iteratively minimizing the pca r ←
→ picholesky : polynomial interpolation of multiple cholesky factors for efficient approximate cross - validation ; the dominant cost in solving least - square problems using newton ' s method is often that of factorizing the hessian matrix over multiple values of the regularization parameter ($\ lambda $). we propose an efficient way to interpolate the cholesky factors of the hessian matrix computed over a small set of $\ lambda $ values . this approximation enables us to optimally minimize the hold - out error while in ←
→ identifying best interventions through online importance sampling ; motivated by applications in computational advertising and systems biology , we consider the problem of identifying the best out of several possible soft interventions at a source node $ v $ in an acyclic causal directed graph , to maximize the expected value of a target node $ y $ ( located downstream of $ v $). our setting imposes a fixed total budget for sampling under various interventions , along with cost constraints on different types of inter ←
→ automated word prediction in bangla language using stochastic language models ; word completion and word prediction are two important phenomena in typing that benefit users who type using keyboard or other similar devices . they can have profound impact on the typing of disable people . our work is based on word prediction on bangla sentence by using stochastic , i . e . n - gram language model such as unigram , bigram , trigram , deleted interpolation and backoff models for auto completing a sentence by predicting ←
→ dynamic filters in graph convolutional networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have massively impacted visual recognition in 2d images , and are now ubiquitous in state - of - the - art approaches . while cnns naturally extend to other domains , such as audio and video , where data is also organized in rectangular grids , they do not easily generalize to other types of data such as 3d shape meshes , social network graphs or molecular graphs . to handle such data , we propose a novel graph - convolutional network ar ←
→ text classification using association rules , dependency pruning and hyperonymization ; we present new methods for pruning and enhancing item - sets for text classification via association rule mining . pruning methods are based on dependency syntax and enhancing methods are based on replacing words by their hyperonyms of various orders . we discuss the impact of these methods , compared to pruning based on tfidf rank of words .←
→ abnormal event detection in videos using spatiotemporal autoencoder ; we present an efficient method for detecting anomalies in videos . recent applications of convolutional neural networks have shown promises of convolutional layers for object detection and recognition , especially in images . however , convolutional neural networks are supervised and require labels as learning signals . we propose a spatiotemporal architecture for anomaly detection in videos including crowded scenes . our architecture includes ←
→ evolutionary algorithms and dynamic programming ; recently , it has been proven that evolutionary algorithms produce good results for a wide range of combinatorial optimization problems . some of the considered problems are tackled by evolutionary algorithms that use a representation which enables them to construct solutions in a dynamic programming fashion . we take a general approach and relate the construction of such algorithms to the development of algorithms using dynamic programming techniques . thereby ,←
→ exploring novel game spaces with fluidic games ; with the growing integration of smartphones into our daily lives , and their increased ease of use , mobile games have become highly popular across all demographics . people listen to music , play games or read the news while in transit or bridging gap times . while mobile gaming is gaining popularity , mobile expression of creativity is still in its early stages . we present here a new type of mobile app -- fluidic games -- and illustrate our iterative approach to ←
→ pac classification based on pac estimates of label class distributions ; a standard approach in pattern classification is to estimate the distributions of the label classes , and then to apply the bayes classifier to the estimates of the distributions in order to classify unlabeled examples . as one might expect , the better our estimates of the label class distributions , the better the resulting classifier will be . in this paper we make this observation precise by identifying risk bounds of a classifier in te ←
→ jumping across biomedical contexts using compressive data fusion ; motivation : the rapid growth of diverse biological data allows us to consider interactions between a variety of objects , such as genes , chemicals , molecular signatures , diseases , pathways and environmental exposures . often , any pair of objects -- such as a gene and a disease -- can be related in different ways , for example , directly via gene - disease associations or indirectly via functional annotations , chemicals and pathways . different ways of ←
→ bag - of - vector embeddings of dependency graphs for semantic induction ; vector - space models , from word embeddings to neural network parsers , have many advantages for nlp . but how to generalise from fixed - length word vectors to a vector space for arbitrary linguistic structures is still unclear . in this paper we propose bag - of - vector embeddings of arbitrary linguistic graphs . a bag - of - vector space is the minimal nonparametric extension of a vector space , allowing the representation to grow with the size of th ←
→ quantum cybernetics and complex quantum systems science - a quantum connectionist exploration ; quantum cybernetics and its connections to complex quantum systems science is addressed from the perspective of complex quantum computing systems . in this way , the notion of an autonomous quantum computing system is introduced in regards to quantum artificial intelligence , and applied to quantum artificial neural networks , considered as autonomous quantum computing systems , which leads to a quantum connectionis ←
→ learning to segment moving objects ; we study the problem of segmenting moving objects in unconstrained videos . given a video , the task is to segment all the objects that exhibit independent motion in at least one frame . we formulate this as a learning problem and design our framework with three cues : ( i ) independent object motion between a pair of frames , which complements object recognition , ( ii ) object appearance , which helps to correct errors in motion estimation , and ( iii ) temporal consistency , which i ←
→ additivity of information in multilayer networks via additive gaussian noise transforms ; multilayer ( or deep ) networks are powerful probabilistic models based on multiple stages of a linear transform followed by a non - linear ( possibly random ) function . in general , the linear transforms are defined by matrices and the non - linear functions are defined by information channels . these models have gained great popularity due to their ability to characterize complex probabilistic relationships arising in a wide ←
→ on non - iterative training of a neural classifier ; recently an algorithm , was discovered , which separates points in n - dimension by planes in such a manner that no two points are left un - separated by at least one plane {[} 1 - 3 {]}. by using this new algorithm we show that there are two ways of classification by a neural network , for a large dimension feature space , both of which are non - iterative and deterministic . to demonstrate the power of both these methods we apply them exhaustively to the classical patter ←
→ semantic instance segmentation via deep metric learning ; we propose a new method for semantic instance segmentation , by first computing how likely two pixels are to belong to the same object , and then by grouping similar pixels together . our similarity metric is based on a deep , fully convolutional embedding model . our grouping method is based on selecting all points that are sufficiently similar to a set of " seed points ", chosen from a deep , fully convolutional scoring model . we show competitive results o ←
→ on the construction of extreme learning machine for online and offline one - class classification - an expanded toolbox ; one - class classification ( occ ) has been prime concern for researchers and effectively employed in various disciplines . but , traditional methods based one - class classifiers are very time consuming due to its iterative process and various parameters tuning . in this paper , we present six occ methods based on extreme learning machine ( elm ) and online sequential elm ( oselm ). our proposed clas ←
→ structural intervention distance ( sid ) for evaluating causal graphs ; causal inference relies on the structure of a graph , often a directed acyclic graph ( dag ). different graphs may result in different causal inference statements and different intervention distributions . to quantify such differences , we propose a ( pre -) distance between dags , the structural intervention distance ( sid ). the sid is based on a graphical criterion only and quantifies the closeness between two dags in terms of their correspondin ←
→ towards large - scale and ultrahigh dimensional feature selection via feature generation ; in many real - world applications such as text mining , it is desirable to select the most relevant features or variables to improve the generalization ability , or to provide a better interpretation of the prediction models . { in this paper , a novel adaptive feature scaling ( afs ) scheme is proposed by introducing a feature scaling { vector $\ d \ in [ 0 , 1 ]^ m $} to alleviate the bias problem brought by the scaling bias of the ←
→ distributed non - stochastic experts ; we consider the online distributed non - stochastic experts problem , where the distributed system consists of one coordinator node that is connected to $ k $ sites , and the sites are required to communicate with each other via the coordinator . at each time - step $ t $, one of the $ k $ site nodes has to pick an expert from the set ${ 1 , ..., n }$, and the same site receives information about payoffs of all experts for that round . the goal of the distributed system is to minimize re ←
→ locality preserving projections for grassmann manifold ; learning on grassmann manifold has become popular in many computer vision tasks , with the strong capability to extract discriminative information for imagesets and videos . however , such learning algorithms particularly on high - dimensional grassmann manifold always involve with significantly high computational cost , which seriously limits the applicability of learning on grassmann manifold in more wide areas . in this research , we propose an unsupervise ←
→ probabilistic generative adversarial networks ; we introduce the probabilistic generative adversarial network ( pgan ), a new gan variant based on a new kind of objective function . the central idea is to integrate a probabilistic model ( a gaussian mixture model , in our case ) into the gan framework which supports a new kind of loss function ( based on likelihood rather than classification loss ), and at the same time gives a meaningful measure of the quality of the outputs generated by the network . experiments w ←
→ hierarchical clustering of asymmetric networks ; this paper considers networks where relationships between nodes are represented by directed dissimilarities . the goal is to study methods that , based on the dissimilarity structure , output hierarchical clusters , i . e ., a family of nested partitions indexed by a connectivity parameter . our construction of hierarchical clustering methods is built around the concept of admissible methods , which are those that abide by the axioms of value - nodes in a network with ←
→ understanding user instructions by utilizing open knowledge for service robots ; understanding user instructions in natural language is an active research topic in ai and robotics . typically , natural user instructions are high - level and can be reduced into low - level tasks expressed in common verbs ( e . g ., ` take ', ` get ', ` put '). for robots understanding such instructions , one of the key challenges is to process high - level user instructions and achieve the specified tasks with robots ' primitive actions . to a ←
→ supervised learning on graphs of spatio - temporal similarity in satellite image sequences ; high resolution satellite image sequences are multidimensional signals composed of spatio - temporal patterns associated to numerous and various phenomena . bayesian methods have been previously proposed in ( heas and datcu , 2005 ) to code the information contained in satellite image sequences in a graph representation using bayesian methods . based on such a representation , this paper further presents a supervised learni ←
→ graph - based classification of omnidirectional images ; omnidirectional cameras are widely used in such areas as robotics and virtual reality as they provide a wide field of view . their images are often processed with classical methods , which might unfortunately lead to non - optimal solutions as these methods are designed for planar images that have different geometrical properties than omnidirectional ones . in this paper we study image classification task by taking into account the specific geometry of omnid ←
→ a wild bootstrap for degenerate kernel tests ; a wild bootstrap method for nonparametric hypothesis tests based on kernel distribution embeddings is proposed . this bootstrap method is used to construct provably consistent tests that apply to random processes , for which the naive permutation - based bootstrap fails . it applies to a large group of kernel tests based on v - statistics , which are degenerate under the null hypothesis , and non - degenerate elsewhere . to illustrate this approach , we construct a two - samp ←
→ parcellation of visual cortex on high - resolution histological brain sections using convolutional neural networks ; microscopic analysis of histological sections is considered the " gold standard " to verify structural parcellations in the human brain . its high resolution allows the study of laminar and columnar patterns of cell distributions , which build an important basis for the simulation of cortical areas and networks . however , such cytoarchitectonic mapping is a semiautomatic , time consuming process th ←
→ variable word rate n - grams ; the rate of occurrence of words is not uniform but varies from document to document . despite this observation , parameters for conventional n - gram language models are usually derived using the assumption of a constant word rate . in this paper we investigate the use of variable word rate assumption , modelled by a poisson distribution or a continuous mixture of poissons . we present an approach to estimating the relative frequencies of words or n - grams taking prior information of th ←
→ on a semi - automatic method for generating composition tables ; originating from allen ' s interval algebra , composition - based reasoning has been widely acknowledged as the most popular reasoning technique in qualitative spatial and temporal reasoning . given a qualitative calculus ( i . e . a relation model ), the first thing we should do is to establish its composition table ( ct ). in the past three decades , such work is usually done manually . this is undesirable and error - prone , given that the calculus may contain ←
→ generative adversarial imitation learning ; consider learning a policy from example expert behavior , without interaction with the expert or access to reinforcement signal . one approach is to recover the expert ' s cost function with inverse reinforcement learning , then extract a policy from that cost function with reinforcement learning . this approach is indirect and can be slow . we propose a new general framework for directly extracting a policy from data , as if it were obtained by reinforcement learning fol ←
→ leveraging deep neural networks and knowledge graphs for entity disambiguation ; entity disambiguation aims to link mentions of ambiguous entities to a knowledge base ( e . g ., wikipedia ). modeling topical coherence is crucial for this task based on the assumption that information from the same semantic context tends to belong to the same topic . this paper presents a novel deep semantic relatedness model ( dsrm ) based on deep neural networks ( dnn ) and semantic knowledge graphs ( kgs ) to measure entity semantic ←
→ towards unsupervised weed scouting for agricultural robotics ; weed scouting is an important part of modern integrated weed management but can be time consuming and sparse when performed manually . automated weed scouting and weed destruction has typically been performed using classification systems able to classify a set group of species known a priori . this greatly limits deployability as classification systems must be retrained for any field with a different set of weed species present within them . in ord ←
→ exploring the coevolution of predator and prey morphology and behavior ; a common idiom in biology education states , " eyes in the front , the animal hunts . eyes on the side , the animal hides ." in this paper , we explore one possible explanation for why predators tend to have forward - facing , high - acuity visual systems . we do so using an agent - based computational model of evolution , where predators and prey interact and adapt their behavior and morphology to one another over successive generations of evolution .←
→ an attention - based collaboration framework for multi - view network representation learning ; learning distributed node representations in networks has been attracting increasing attention recently due to its effectiveness in a variety of applications . existing approaches usually study networks with a single type of proximity between nodes , which defines a single view of a network . however , in reality there usually exists multiple types of proximities between nodes , yielding networks with multiple views . th ←
→ common topics and coherent situations : interpreting ellipsis in the context of discourse inference ; it is claimed that a variety of facts concerning ellipsis , event reference , and interclausal coherence can be explained by two features of the linguistic form in question : ( 1 ) whether the form leaves behind an empty constituent in the syntax , and ( 2 ) whether the form is anaphoric in the semantics . it is proposed that these features interact with one of two types of discourse inference , namely {\ it common t ←
→ robustness of maximum correntropy estimation against large outliers ; the maximum correntropy criterion ( mcc ) has recently been successfully applied in robust regression , classification and adaptive filtering , where the correntropy is maximized instead of minimizing the well - known mean square error ( mse ) to improve the robustness with respect to outliers ( or impulsive noises ). considerable efforts have been devoted to develop various robust adaptive algorithms under mcc , but so far little insight has been g ←
→ outlying property detection with numerical attributes ; the outlying property detection problem is the problem of discovering the properties distinguishing a given object , known in advance to be an outlier in a database , from the other database objects . in this paper , we analyze the problem within a context where numerical attributes are taken into account , which represents a relevant case left open in the literature . we introduce a measure to quantify the degree the outlierness of an object , which is assoc ←
→ attend and interact : higher - order object interactions for video understanding ; human actions often involve complex interactions across several inter - related objects in the scene . however , existing approaches to fine - grained video understanding or visual relationship detection often rely on single object representation or pairwise object relationships . furthermore , learning interactions across multiple objects in hundreds of frames for video is computationally infeasible and performance may suffer since a ←
→ polynomial learning of distribution families ; the question of polynomial learnability of probability distributions , particularly gaussian mixture distributions , has recently received significant attention in theoretical computer science and machine learning . however , despite major progress , the general question of polynomial learnability of gaussian mixture distributions still remained open . the current work resolves the question of polynomial learnability for gaussian mixtures in high dimension with an ar ←
→ traffic data reconstruction based on markov random field modeling ; we consider the traffic data reconstruction problem . suppose we have the traffic data of an entire city that are incomplete because some road data are unobserved . the problem is to reconstruct the unobserved parts of the data . in this paper , we propose a new method to reconstruct incomplete traffic data collected from various traffic sensors . our approach is based on markov random field modeling of road traffic . the reconstruction is achiev ←
→ from paraphrase database to compositional paraphrase model and back ; the paraphrase database ( ppdb ; ganitkevitch et al ., 2013 ) is an extensive semantic resource , consisting of a list of phrase pairs with ( heuristic ) confidence estimates . however , it is still unclear how it can best be used , due to the heuristic nature of the confidences and its necessarily incomplete coverage . we propose models to leverage the phrase pairs from the ppdb to build parametric paraphrase models that score paraphrase pairs more ←
→ simultaneous dempster - shafer clustering and gradual determination of number of clusters using a neural network structure ; in this paper we extend an earlier result within dempster - shafer theory [" fast dempster - shafer clustering using a neural network structure ," in proc . seventh int . conf . information processing and management of uncertainty in knowledge - based systems ( ipmu ' 98 )] where several pieces of evidence were clustered into a fixed number of clusters using a neural structure . this was done by mini ←
→ analysis of gait pattern to recognize the human activities ; human activity recognition based on the computer vision is the process of labelling image sequences with action labels . accurate systems for this problem are applied in areas such as visual surveillance , human computer interaction and video retrieval .←
→ structure in the value function of two - player zero - sum games of incomplete information ; zero - sum stochastic games provide a rich model for competitive decision making . however , under general forms of state uncertainty as considered in the partially observable stochastic game ( posg ), such decision making problems are still not very well understood . this paper makes a contribution to the theory of zero - sum posgs by characterizing structure in their value function . in particular , we introduce a new formulat ←
→ active classification : theory and application to underwater inspection ; we discuss the problem in which an autonomous vehicle must classify an object based on multiple views . we focus on the active classification setting , where the vehicle controls which views to select to best perform the classification . the problem is formulated as an extension to bayesian active learning , and we show connections to recent theoretical guarantees in this area . we formally analyze the benefit of acting adaptively as new in ←
→ a branch - and - bound feature selection algorithm for u - shaped cost functions ; this paper presents the formulation of a combinatorial optimization problem with the following characteristics : i . the search space is the power set of a finite set structured as a boolean lattice ; ii . the cost function forms a u - shaped curve when applied to any lattice chain . this formulation applies for feature selection in the context of pattern recognition . the known approaches for this problem are branch - and - bound algorithms a ←
→ glottochronology and problems of protolanguage reconstruction ; a method of languages genealogical trees construction is proposed .←
→ person transfer gan to bridge domain gap for person re - identification ; although the performance of person re - identification ( reid ) has been significantly boosted , many challenging issues in real scenarios have not been fully investigated , e . g ., the complex scenes and lighting variations , viewpoint and pose changes , and the large number of identities in a camera network . to facilitate the research towards conquering those issues , this paper contributes a new dataset called msmt17 with many important feature ←
→ toward fuzzy block theory ; this study , fundamentals of fuzzy block theory , and its application in assessment of stability in underground openings , has surveyed . using fuzzy topics and inserting them in to key block theory , in two ways , fundamentals of fuzzy block theory has been presented . in indirect combining , by coupling of adaptive neuro fuzzy inference system ( nfis ) and classic block theory , we could extract possible damage parts around a tunnel . in direct solution , some principles of block theory , by ←
→ a weighting strategy for active shape models ; active shape models ( asm ) are an iterative segmentation technique to find a landmark - based contour of an object . in each iteration , a least - squares fit of a plausible shape to some detected target landmarks is determined . finding these targets is a critical step : some landmarks are more reliably detected than others , and some landmarks may not be within the field of view of their detectors . to add robustness while preserving simplicity at the same time , a gener ←
→ clustering unclustered data : unsupervised binary labeling of two datasets having different class balances ; we consider the unsupervised learning problem of assigning labels to unlabeled data . a naive approach is to use clustering methods , but this works well only when data is properly clustered and each cluster corresponds to an underlying class . in this paper , we first show that this unsupervised labeling problem in balanced binary cases can be solved if two unlabeled datasets having different class bal ←
→ network unfolding map by edge dynamics modeling ; the emergence of collective dynamics in neural networks is a mechanism of the animal and human brain for information processing . in this paper , we develop a computational technique using distributed processing elements in a complex network , which are called particles , to solve semi - supervised learning problems . three actions govern the particles ' dynamics : generation , walking , and absorption . labeled vertices generate new particles that compete against rival ←
→ learning to assign orientations to feature points ; we show how to train a convolutional neural network to assign a canonical orientation to feature points given an image patch centered on the feature point . our method improves feature point matching upon the state - of - the art and can be used in conjunction with any existing rotation sensitive descriptors . to avoid the tedious and almost impossible task of finding a target orientation to learn , we propose to use siamese networks which implicitly find the opt ←
→ a world of difference : divergent word interpretations among people ; divergent word usages reflect differences among people . in this paper , we present a novel angle for studying word usage divergence -- word interpretations . we propose an approach that quantifies semantic differences in interpretations among different groups of people . the effectiveness of our approach is validated by quantitative evaluations . experiment results indicate that divergences in word interpretations exist . we further apply the a ←
→ scenenet rgb - d : 5m photorealistic images of synthetic indoor trajectories with ground truth ; we introduce scenenet rgb - d , expanding the previous work of scenenet to enable large scale photorealistic rendering of indoor scene trajectories . it provides pixel - perfect ground truth for scene understanding problems such as semantic segmentation , instance segmentation , and object detection , and also for geometric computer vision problems such as optical flow , depth estimation , camera pose estimation , and 3d rec ←
→ simple approximate map inference for dirichlet processes ; the dirichlet process mixture ( dpm ) is a ubiquitous , flexible bayesian nonparametric statistical model . however , full probabilistic inference in this model is analytically intractable , so that computationally intensive techniques such as gibb ' s sampling are required . as a result , dpm - based methods , which have considerable potential , are restricted to applications in which computational resources and time for inference is plentiful . for example , they ←
→ learning to infer graphics programs from hand - drawn images ; we introduce a model that learns to convert simple hand drawings into graphics programs written in a subset of \ latex . the model combines techniques from deep learning and program synthesis . we learn a convolutional neural network that proposes plausible drawing primitives that explain an image . these drawing primitives are like a trace of the set of primitive commands issued by a graphics program . we learn a model that uses program synthesis tech ←
→ on the enumeration of sentences by compactness ; presented is a julia meta - program that discovers compact theories from data if they exist . it writes candidate theories in julia and then validates : tossing the bad theories and keeping the good theories . compactness is measured by a metric : such as the number of space - time derivatives . the underlying algorithm is applicable to a wide variety of combinatorics problems and compactness serves to cut down the search space .←
→ nonrepetitive paths and cycles in graphs with application to sudoku ; we provide a simple linear time transformation from a directed or undirected graph with labeled edges to an unlabeled digraph , such that paths in the input graph in which no two consecutive edges have the same label correspond to paths in the transformed graph and vice versa . using this transformation , we provide efficient algorithms for finding paths and cycles with no two consecutive equal labels . we also consider related problems where ←
→ a reinforcement learning approach to the view planning problem ; we present a reinforcement learning ( rl ) solution to the view planning problem ( vpp ), which generates a sequence of view points that are capable of sensing all accessible area of a given object represented as a 3d model . in doing so , the goal is to minimize the number of view points , making the vpp a class of set covering optimization problem ( scop ). the scop is np - hard , and the inapproximability results tell us that the greedy algorithm provi ←
→ an equivalence of fully connected layer and convolutional layer ; this article demonstrates that convolutional operation can be converted to matrix multiplication , which has the same calculation way with fully connected layer . the article is helpful for the beginners of the neural network to understand how fully connected layer and the convolutional layer work in the backend . to be concise and to make the article more readable , we only consider the linear case . it can be extended to the non - linear case easi ←
→ training gaussian mixture models at scale via coresets ; how can we train a statistical mixture model on a massive data set ? in this work we show how to construct coresets for mixtures of gaussians . a coreset is a weighted subset of the data , which guarantees that models fitting the coreset also provide a good fit for the original data set . we show that , perhaps surprisingly , gaussian mixtures admit coresets of size polynomial in dimension and the number of mixture components , while being independent of the ←
→ detecting phase transitions in collective behavior using manifold ' s curvature ; if a given behavior of a multi - agent system restricts the phase variable to a invariant manifold , then we define a phase transition as change of physical characteristics such as speed , coordination , and structure . we define such a phase transition as splitting an underlying manifold into two sub - manifolds with distinct dimensionalities around the singularity where the phase transition physically exists . here , we propose a meth ←
→ characterizing the hyper - parameter space of lstm language models for mixed context applications ; applying state of the art deep learning models to novel real world datasets gives a practical evaluation of the generalizability of these models . of importance in this process is how sensitive the hyper parameters of such models are to novel datasets as this would affect the reproducibility of a model . we present work to characterize the hyper parameter space of an lstm for language modeling on a code - mixed c ←
→ a semantics and complete algorithm for subsumption in the classic description logic ; this paper analyzes the correctness of the subsumption algorithm used in classic , a description logic - based knowledge representation system that is being used in practical applications . in order to deal efficiently with individuals in classic descriptions , the developers have had to use an algorithm that is incomplete with respect to the standard , model - theoretic semantics for description logics . we provide a variant sem ←
→ on the complexity of ccg parsing ; we study the parsing complexity of combinatory categorial grammar ( ccg ) in the formalism of vijay - shanker and weir ( 1994 ). as our main result , we prove that any parsing algorithm for this formalism will necessarily take exponential time when the size of the grammar , and not only the length of the input sentence , is included in the analysis . this result sets the formalism of vijay - shanker and weir ( 1994 ) apart from weakly equivalent formalisms such as tree - adjoining grammar ←
→ target oriented high resolution sar image formation via semantic information guided regularizations ; sparsity - regularized synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) imaging framework has shown its remarkable performance to generate a feature enhanced high resolution image , in which a sparsity - inducing regularizer is involved by exploiting the sparsity priors of some visual features in the underlying image . however , since the simple prior of low level features are insufficient to describe different semantic contents ←
→ three new methods for evaluating reference resolution ; reference resolution on extended texts ( several thousand references ) cannot be evaluated manually . an evaluation algorithm has been proposed for the muc tests , using equivalence classes for the coreference relation . however , we show here that this algorithm is too indulgent , yielding good scores even for poor resolution strategies . we elaborate on the same formalism to propose two new evaluation algorithms , comparing them first with the muc algorithm a ←
→ shape and positional geometry of multi - object configurations ; in previous work , we introduced a method for modeling a configuration of objects in 2d and 3d images using a mathematical " medial / skeletal linking structure ." in this paper , we show how these structures allow us to capture positional properties of a multi - object configuration in addition to the shape properties of the individual objects . in particular , we introduce numerical invariants for positional properties which measure the closeness of nei ←
→ learning to represent words in context with multilingual supervision ; we present a neural network architecture based on bidirectional lstms to compute representations of words in the sentential contexts . these context - sensitive word representations are suitable for , e . g ., distinguishing different word senses and other context - modulated variations in meaning . to learn the parameters of our model , we use cross - lingual supervision , hypothesizing that a good representation of a word in context will be one that ←
→ text - based lstm networks for automatic music composition ; in this paper , we introduce new methods and discuss results of text - based lstm ( long short - term memory ) networks for automatic music composition . the proposed network is designed to learn relationships within text documents that represent chord progressions and drum tracks in two case studies . in the experiments , word - rnns ( recurrent neural networks ) show good results for both cases , while character - based rnns ( char - rnns ) only succeed to learn chord ←
→ estimating parameters of nonlinear systems using the elitist particle filter based on evolutionary strategies ; in this article , we present the elitist particle filter based on evolutionary strategies ( epfes ) as an efficient approach for nonlinear system identification . the epfes is derived from the frequently - employed state - space model , where the relevant information of the nonlinear system is captured by an unknown state vector . similar to classical particle filtering , the epfes consists of a set of par ←
→ multiclass common spatial pattern for eeg based brain computer interface with adaptive learning classifier ; in brain computer interface ( bci ), data generated from electroencephalogram ( eeg ) is non - stationary with low signal to noise ratio and contaminated with artifacts . common spatial pattern ( csp ) algorithm has been proved to be effective in bci for extracting features in motor imagery tasks , but it is prone to overfitting . many algorithms have been devised to regularize csp for two class problem , howe ←
→ semantic white balance : semantic color constancy using convolutional neural network ; the goal of computational color constancy is to preserve the perceptive colors of objects under different lighting conditions by removing the effect of color casts caused by the scene ' s illumination . with the rapid development of deep learning based techniques , significant progress has been made in image semantic segmentation . in this work , we exploit the semantic information together with the color and spatial informati ←
→ detecting policy preferences and dynamics in the un general debate with neural word embeddings ; foreign policy analysis has been struggling to find ways to measure policy preferences and paradigm shifts in international political systems . this paper presents a novel , potential solution to this challenge , through the application of a neural word embedding ( word2vec ) model on a dataset featuring speeches by heads of state or government in the united nations general debate . the paper provides three key cont ←
→ construction inspection through spatial database ; this paper presents a novel pipeline for development of an efficient set of tools for extracting information from the video of a structure , captured by an unmanned aircraft system ( uas ) to produce as - built documentation to aid inspection of large multi - storied building during construction . our system uses the output from a simultaneous localization and mapping system and a 3d cad model of the structure in order to construct a spatial database to store image ←
→ evaluation of deep learning on an abstract image classification dataset ; convolutional neural networks have become state of the art methods for image classification over the last couple of years . by now they perform better than human subjects on many of the image classification datasets . most of these datasets are based on the notion of concrete classes ( i . e . images are classified by the type of object in the image ). in this paper we present a novel image classification dataset , using abstract classes , whi ←
→ fast and robust least squares estimation in corrupted linear models ; subsampling methods have been recently proposed to speed up least squares estimation in large scale settings . however , these algorithms are typically not robust to outliers or corruptions in the observed covariates . the concept of influence that was developed for regression diagnostics can be used to detect such corrupted observations as shown in this paper . this property of influence -- for which we also develop a randomized approximat ←
→ efficient learning with robust gradient descent ; minimizing the empirical risk is a popular training strategy , but for learning tasks where the data may be noisy or heavy - tailed , one may require many observations in order to generalize well . to achieve better performance under less stringent requirements , we introduce a procedure which constructs a robust approximation of the risk gradient for use in an iterative learning routine . we provide high - probability bounds on the excess risk of this algorithm , by ←
→ bayesian estimation for continuous - time sparse stochastic processes ; we consider continuous - time sparse stochastic processes from which we have only a finite number of noisy / noiseless samples . our goal is to estimate the noiseless samples ( denoising ) and the signal in - between ( interpolation problem ). by relying on tools from the theory of splines , we derive the joint a priori distribution of the samples and show how this probability density function can be factorized . the factorization enables us to trac ←
→ learning to acquire information ; we consider the problem of diagnosis where a set of simple observations are used to infer a potentially complex hidden hypothesis . finding the optimal subset of observations is intractable in general , thus we focus on the problem of active diagnosis , where the agent selects the next most - informative observation based on the results of previous observations . we show that under the assumption of uniform observation entropy , one can build an implication model which directly pr ←
→ fully - coupled two - stream spatiotemporal networks for extremely low resolution action recognition ; a major emerging challenge is how to protect people ' s privacy as cameras and computer vision are increasingly integrated into our daily lives , including in smart devices inside homes . a potential solution is to capture and record just the minimum amount of information needed to perform a task of interest . in this paper , we propose a fully - coupled two - stream spatiotemporal architecture for reliable human acti ←
→ an axis - based representation for recognition ; this paper presents a new axis - based shape representation scheme along with a matching framework to address the problem of generic shape recognition . the main idea is to define the relative spatial arrangement of local symmetry axes and their metric properties in a shape centered coordinate frame . the resulting descriptions are invariant to scale , rotation , small changes in viewpoint and articulations . symmetry points are extracted from a surface whose level cu ←
→ pseudo - marginal bayesian inference for gaussian processes ; the main challenges that arise when adopting gaussian process priors in probabilistic modeling are how to carry out exact bayesian inference and how to account for uncertainty on model parameters when making model - based predictions on out - of - sample data . using probit regression as an illustrative working example , this paper presents a general and effective methodology based on the pseudo - marginal approach to markov chain monte carlo that efficientl ←
→ learning natural language inference with lstm ; natural language inference ( nli ) is a fundamentally important task in natural language processing that has many applications . the recently released stanford natural language inference ( snli ) corpus has made it possible to develop and evaluate learning - centered methods such as deep neural networks for natural language inference ( nli ). in this paper , we propose a special long short - term memory ( lstm ) architecture for nli . our model builds on top of a recently pr ←
→ salient object detection : a discriminative regional feature integration approach ; salient object detection has been attracting a lot of interest , and recently various heuristic computational models have been designed . in this paper , we formulate saliency map computation as a regression problem . our method , which is based on multi - level image segmentation , utilizes the supervised learning approach to map the regional feature vector to a saliency score . saliency scores across multiple levels are finally fu ←
→ combined learning of salient local descriptors and distance metrics for image set face verification ; in contrast to comparing faces via single exemplars , matching sets of face images increases robustness and discrimination performance . recent image set matching approaches typically measure similarities between subspaces or manifolds , while representing faces in a rigid and holistic manner . such representations are easily affected by variations in terms of alignment , illumination , pose and expression . whi ←
→ a deep multi - level network for saliency prediction ; this paper presents a novel deep architecture for saliency prediction . current state of the art models for saliency prediction employ fully convolutional networks that perform a non - linear combination of features extracted from the last convolutional layer to predict saliency maps . we propose an architecture which , instead , combines features extracted at different levels of a convolutional neural network ( cnn ). our model is composed of three main blocks : ←
→ classifying idiomatic and literal expressions using topic models and intensity of emotions ; we describe an algorithm for automatic classification of idiomatic and literal expressions . our starting point is that words in a given text segment , such as a paragraph , that are highranking representatives of a common topic of discussion are less likely to be a part of an idiomatic expression . our additional hypothesis is that contexts in which idioms occur , typically , are more affective and therefore , we incorp ←
→ content translation : computer - assisted translation tool for wikipedia articles ; the quality and quantity of articles in each wikipedia language varies greatly . translating from another wikipedia is a natural way to add more content , but the translation process is not properly supported in the software used by wikipedia . past computer - assisted translation tools built for wikipedia are not commonly used . we created a tool that adapts to the specific needs of an open community and to the kind of content in ←
→ video depth - from - defocus ; many compelling video post - processing effects , in particular aesthetic focus editing and refocusing effects , are feasible if per - frame depth information is available . existing computational methods to capture rgb and depth either purposefully modify the optics ( coded aperture , light - field imaging ), or employ active rgb - d cameras . since these methods are less practical for users with normal cameras , we present an algorithm to capture all - in - focus rgb - d video of dynamic scenes with ←
→ discounting and combination operations in evidential reasoning ; evidential reasoning is now a leading topic in artificial intelligence . evidence is represented by a variety of evidential functions . evidential reasoning is carried out by certain kinds of fundamental operation on these functions . this paper discusses two of the basic operations on evidential functions , the discount operation and the well - known orthogonal sum operation . we show that the discount operation is not commutative with the orthogona ←
→ energy clustering ; energy statistics was proposed by sz \'{ e } kely in the 80 ' s inspired by the newtonian gravitational potential from classical mechanics , and it provides a hypothesis test for equality of distributions . it was further generalized from euclidean spaces to metric spaces of strong negative type , and more recently , a connection with reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ( rkhs ) was established . here we consider the clustering problem from an energy statistics theory perspective , providing a precise m ←
→ escaping from saddle points --- online stochastic gradient for tensor decomposition ; we analyze stochastic gradient descent for optimizing non - convex functions . in many cases for non - convex functions the goal is to find a reasonable local minimum , and the main concern is that gradient updates are trapped in saddle points . in this paper we identify strict saddle property for non - convex problem that allows for efficient optimization . using this property we show that stochastic gradient descent converges to ←
→ truth as utility : a conceptual synthesis ; this paper introduces conceptual relations that synthesize utilitarian and logical concepts , extending the logics of preference of rescher . we define first , in the context of a possible worlds model , constraint - dependent measures that quantify the relative quality of alternative solutions of reasoning problems or the relative desirability of various policies in control , decision , and planning problems . we show that these measures may be interpreted as truth values ←
→ a sequential model for classifying temporal relations between intra - sentence events ; we present a sequential model for temporal relation classification between intra - sentence events . the key observation is that the overall syntactic structure and compositional meanings of the multi - word context between events are important for distinguishing among fine - grained temporal relations . specifically , our approach first extracts a sequence of context words that indicates the temporal relation between two events ,←
→ multiple kernel learning for brain - computer interfacing ; combining information from different sources is a common way to improve classification accuracy in brain - computer interfacing ( bci ). for instance , in small sample settings it is useful to integrate data from other subjects or sessions in order to improve the estimation quality of the spatial filters or the classifier . since data from different subjects may show large variability , it is crucial to weight the contributions according to importance . many ←
→ automatically training a problematic dialogue predictor for a spoken dialogue system ; spoken dialogue systems promise efficient and natural access to a large variety of information sources and services from any phone . however , current spoken dialogue systems are deficient in their strategies for preventing , identifying and repairing problems that arise in the conversation . this paper reports results on automatically training a problematic dialogue predictor to predict problematic human - computer dialogues ←
→ deep spatio - temporal manifold network for action recognition ; visual data such as videos are often sampled from complex manifold . we propose leveraging the manifold structure to constrain the deep action feature learning , thereby minimizing the intra - class variations in the feature space and alleviating the over - fitting problem . considering that manifold can be transferred , layer by layer , from the data domain to the deep features , the manifold priori is posed from the top layer into the back propagation l ←
→ adaptive substring extraction and modified local nbnn scoring for binary feature - based local mobile visual search without false positives ; in this paper , we propose a stand - alone mobile visual search system based on binary features and the bag - of - visual words framework . the contribution of this study is three - fold : ( 1 ) we propose an adaptive substring extraction method that adaptively extracts informative bits from the original binary vector and stores them in the inverted index . these substrings are use ←
→ time - varying learning and content analytics via sparse factor analysis ; we propose sparfa - trace , a new machine learning - based framework for time - varying learning and content analytics for education applications . we develop a novel message passing - based , blind , approximate kalman filter for sparse factor analysis ( sparfa ), that jointly ( i ) traces learner concept knowledge over time , ( ii ) analyzes learner concept knowledge state transitions ( induced by interacting with learning resources , such as textbook se ←
→ brain - like stochastic search : a research challenge and funding opportunity ; brain - like stochastic search ( bliss ) refers to this task : given a family of utility functions u ( u , a ), where u is a vector of parameters or task descriptors , maximize or minimize u with respect to u , using networks ( option nets ) which input a and learn to generate good options u stochastically . this paper discusses why this is crucial to brain - like intelligence ( an area funded by nsf ) and to many applications , and discusses variou ←
→ supervised learning for dynamical system learning ; recently there has been substantial interest in spectral methods for learning dynamical systems . these methods are popular since they often offer a good tradeoff between computational and statistical efficiency . unfortunately , they can be difficult to use and extend in practice : e . g ., they can make it difficult to incorporate prior information such as sparsity or structure . to address this problem , we present a new view of dynamical system learning : we sho ←
→ causal discovery for manufacturing domains ; yield and quality improvement is of paramount importance to any manufacturing company . one of the ways of improving yield is through discovery of the root causal factors affecting yield . we propose the use of data - driven interpretable causal models to identify key factors affecting yield . we focus on factors that are measured in different stages of production and testing in the manufacturing cycle of a product . we apply causal structure learning techniques on rea ←
→ hashing with binary autoencoders ; an attractive approach for fast search in image databases is binary hashing , where each high - dimensional , real - valued image is mapped onto a low - dimensional , binary vector and the search is done in this binary space . finding the optimal hash function is difficult because it involves binary constraints , and most approaches approximate the optimization by relaxing the constraints and then binarizing the result . here , we focus on the binary autoencoder model , which seeks to r ←
→ end - to - end attention - based large vocabulary speech recognition ; many of the current state - of - the - art large vocabulary continuous speech recognition systems ( lvcsr ) are hybrids of neural networks and hidden markov models ( hmms ). most of these systems contain separate components that deal with the acoustic modelling , language modelling and sequence decoding . we investigate a more direct approach in which the hmm is replaced with a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) that performs sequence prediction directly at t ←
→ a large dataset for improving patch matching ; we propose a new dataset for learning local image descriptors which can be used for significantly improved patch matching . our proposed dataset consists of an order of magnitude more number of scenes , images , and positive and negative correspondences compared to the currently available multi - view stereo ( mvs ) dataset from brown et al . the new dataset also has better coverage of the overall viewpoint , scale , and lighting changes in comparison to the mvs dataset .←
→ query - time entity resolution ; entity resolution is the problem of reconciling database references corresponding to the same real - world entities . given the abundance of publicly available databases that have unresolved entities , we motivate the problem of query - time entity resolution quick and accurate resolution for answering queries over such unclean databases at query - time . since collective entity resolution approaches --- where related references are resolved jointly --- have been shown to be more accur ←
→ a hierarchy of tractable subsets for computing stable models ; finding the stable models of a knowledge base is a significant computational problem in artificial intelligence . this task is at the computational heart of truth maintenance systems , autoepistemic logic , and default logic . unfortunately , it is np - hard . in this paper we present a hierarchy of classes of knowledge bases , omega_1 , omega_2 ,..., with the following properties : first , omega_1 is the class of all stratified knowledge bases ; second , if a ←
→ feeder load balancing using neural network ; the distribution system problems , such as planning , loss minimization , and energy restoration , usually involve the phase balancing or network reconfiguration procedures . the determination of an optimal phase balance is , in general , a combinatorial optimization problem . this paper proposes optimal reconfiguration of the phase balancing using the neural network , to switch on and off the different switches , allowing the three phases supply by the transformer to the ←
→ determining the unithood of word sequences using mutual information and independence measure ; most works related to unithood were conducted as part of a larger effort for the determination of termhood . consequently , the number of independent research that study the notion of unithood and produce dedicated techniques for measuring unithood is extremely small . we propose a new approach , independent of any influences of termhood , that provides dedicated measures to gather linguistic evidence from parsed tex ←
→ a statistical machine learning approach to yield curve forecasting ; yield curve forecasting is an important problem in finance . in this work we explore the use of gaussian processes in conjunction with a dynamic modeling strategy , much like the kalman filter , to model the yield curve . gaussian processes have been successfully applied to model functional data in a variety of applications . a gaussian process is used to model the yield curve . the hyper - parameters of the gaussian process model are updated as t ←
→ simulated annealing with levy distribution for fast matrix factorization - based collaborative filtering ; matrix factorization is one of the best approaches for collaborative filtering , because of its high accuracy in presenting users and items latent factors . the main disadvantages of matrix factorization are its complexity , and being very hard to be parallelized , specially with very large matrices . in this paper , we introduce a new method for collaborative filtering based on matrix factorization by combi ←
→ overcoming catastrophic forgetting in neural networks ; the ability to learn tasks in a sequential fashion is crucial to the development of artificial intelligence . neural networks are not , in general , capable of this and it has been widely thought that catastrophic forgetting is an inevitable feature of connectionist models . we show that it is possible to overcome this limitation and train networks that can maintain expertise on tasks which they have not experienced for a long time . our approach remembers ←
→ phrase - based image captioning ; generating a novel textual description of an image is an interesting problem that connects computer vision and natural language processing . in this paper , we present a simple model that is able to generate descriptive sentences given a sample image . this model has a strong focus on the syntax of the descriptions . we train a purely bilinear model that learns a metric between an image representation ( generated from a previously trained convolutional neural network ) and phrases ←
→ data preprocessing methods for robust fourier ptychographic microscopy ; fourier ptychographic microscopy ( fpm ) is a recently proposed computational imaging technique with both high resolution and wide field - of - view . in current fp experimental setup , the dark - field images with high - angle illuminations are easily submerged by stray light and background noise due to the low signal - to - noise ratio , thus significantly degrading the reconstruction quality and also imposing a major restriction on the synthetic num ←
→ robust volume minimization - based matrix factorization for remote sensing and document clustering ; this paper considers \ emph { volume minimization } ( volmin )- based structured matrix factorization ( smf ). volmin is a factorization criterion that decomposes a given data matrix into a basis matrix times a structured coefficient matrix via finding the minimum - volume simplex that encloses all the columns of the data matrix . recent work showed that volmin guarantees the identifiability of the factor matrices under ←
→ direct feedback alignment provides learning in deep neural networks ; artificial neural networks are most commonly trained with the back - propagation algorithm , where the gradient for learning is provided by back - propagating the error , layer by layer , from the output layer to the hidden layers . a recently discovered method called feedback - alignment shows that the weights used for propagating the error backward don ' t have to be symmetric with the weights used for propagation the activation forward . in fact , r ←
→ bridge correlational neural networks for multilingual multimodal representation learning ; recently there has been a lot of interest in learning common representations for multiple views of data . typically , such common representations are learned using a parallel corpus between the two views ( say , 1m images and their english captions ). in this work , we address a real - world scenario where no direct parallel data is available between two views of interest ( say , $ v_1 $ and $ v_2 $) but parallel data is availabl ←
→ robust recovery of subspace structures by low - rank representation ; in this work we address the subspace recovery problem . given a set of data samples ( vectors ) approximately drawn from a union of multiple subspaces , our goal is to segment the samples into their respective subspaces and correct the possible errors as well . to this end , we propose a novel method termed low - rank representation ( lrr ), which seeks the lowest - rank representation among all the candidates that can represent the data samples as lin ←
→ automatically building face datasets of new domains from weakly labeled data with pretrained models ; training data are critical in face recognition systems . however , labeling a large scale face data for a particular domain is very tedious . in this paper , we propose a method to automatically and incrementally construct datasets from massive weakly labeled data of the target domain which are readily available on the internet under the help of a pretrained face model . more specifically , given a large scale ←
→ cuni system for the wmt17 multimodal translation task ; in this paper , we describe our submissions to the wmt17 multimodal translation task . for task 1 ( multimodal translation ), our best scoring system is a purely textual neural translation of the source image caption to the target language . the main feature of the system is the use of additional data that was acquired by selecting similar sentences from parallel corpora and by data synthesis with back - translation . for task 2 ( cross - lingual image captioning ←
→ pseudorehearsal in value function approximation ; catastrophic forgetting is of special importance in reinforcement learning , as the data distribution is generally non - stationary over time . we study and compare several pseudorehearsal approaches for q - learning with function approximation in a pole balancing task . we have found that pseudorehearsal seems to assist learning even in such very simple problems , given proper initialization of the rehearsal parameters .←
→ diving into the shallows : a computational perspective on large - scale shallow learning ; in this paper we first identify a basic limitation in gradient descent - based optimization methods when used in conjunctions with smooth kernels . an analysis based on the spectral properties of the kernel demonstrates that only a vanishingly small portion of the function space is reachable after a polynomial number of gradient descent iterations . this lack of approximating power drastically limits gradient descent for a ←
→ deep poincare map for robust medical image segmentation ; precise segmentation is a prerequisite for an accurate quantification of the imaged objects . it is a very challenging task in many medical imaging applications due to relatively poor image quality and data scarcity . in this work , we present an innovative segmentation paradigm , named deep poincare map ( dpm ), by coupling the dynamical system theory with a novel deep learning based approach . firstly , we model the image segmentation process as a dynamica ←
→ mean field multi - agent reinforcement learning ; existing multi - agent reinforcement learning methods are limited typically to a small number of agents . when the agent number increases largely , the learning becomes intractable due to the curse of the dimensionality and the exponential growth of user interactions . in this paper , we present mean field reinforcement learning where the interactions within the population of agents are approximated by those between a single agent and the average effect from the ove ←
→ large collection of diverse gene set search queries recapitulate known protein - protein interactions and gene - gene functional associations ; popular online enrichment analysis tools from the field of molecular systems biology provide users with the ability to submit their experimental results as gene sets for individual analysis . such queries are kept private , and have never before been considered as a resource for integrative analysis . by harnessing gene set query submissions from thousands of users , we a ←
→ a unified view of regularized dual averaging and mirror descent with implicit updates ; we study three families of online convex optimization algorithms : follow - the - proximally - regularized - leader ( ftrl - proximal ), regularized dual averaging ( rda ), and composite - objective mirror descent . we first prove equivalence theorems that show all of these algorithms are instantiations of a general ftrl update . this provides theoretical insight on previous experimental observations . in particular , even though the fobos ←
→ generalization in metric learning : should the embedding layer be the embedding layer ? ; many recent works advancing deep learning tend to focus on large scale setting with the goal of more effective training and better fitting . this goal might be less applicable to the case of small to medium scale . studying deep metric learning under such setting , we reason that better generalization could be a big contributing factor to improvement of previous works , as well as the goal for further improvement . we inv ←
→ reasoning and planning with sensing actions , incomplete information , and static causal laws using answer set programming ; we extend the 0 - approximation of sensing actions and incomplete information in [ son and baral 2000 ] to action theories with static causal laws and prove its soundness with respect to the possible world semantics . we also show that the conditional planning problem with respect to this approximation is np - complete . we then present an answer set programming based conditional planner , cal ←
→ semi - automatic data annotation , pos tagging and mildly context - sensitive disambiguation : the extended revised aramorph ( xram ) ; an extended , revised form of tim buckwalter ' s arabic lexical and morphological resource aramorph , extended revised aramorph ( henceforth xram ), is presented which addresses a number of weaknesses and inconsistencies of the original model by allowing a wider coverage of real - world classical and contemporary ( both formal and informal ) arabic texts . building upon previous research , x ←
→ multi - instance multi - label learning ; in this paper , we propose the miml ( multi - instance multi - label learning ) framework where an example is described by multiple instances and associated with multiple class labels . compared to traditional learning frameworks , the miml framework is more convenient and natural for representing complicated objects which have multiple semantic meanings . to learn from miml examples , we propose the mimlboost and mimlsvm algorithms based on a simple degeneration strategy , and exp ←
→ characteristic kernels and infinitely divisible distributions ; we connect shift - invariant characteristic kernels to infinitely divisible distributions on $\ mathbb { r }^{ d }$. characteristic kernels play an important role in machine learning applications with their kernel means to distinguish any two probability measures . the contribution of this paper is two - fold . first , we show , using the l \' evy - khintchine formula , that any shift - invariant kernel given by a bounded , continuous and symmetric probability densi ←
→ hedera : scalable indexing and exploring entities in wikipedia revision history ; much of work in semantic web relying on wikipedia as the main source of knowledge often work on static snapshots of the dataset . the full history of wikipedia revisions , while contains much more useful information , is still difficult to access due to its exceptional volume . to enable further research on this collection , we developed a tool , named hedera , that efficiently extracts semantic information from wikipedia revision h ←
→ style aggregated network for facial landmark detection ; recent advances in facial landmark detection achieve success by learning discriminative features from rich deformation of face shapes and poses . besides the variance of faces themselves , the intrinsic variance of image styles , e . g ., grayscale vs . color images , light vs . dark , intense vs . dull , and so on , has constantly been overlooked . this issue becomes inevitable as increasing web images are collected from various sources for training neural network ←
→ fast exact matrix completion with finite samples ; matrix completion is the problem of recovering a low rank matrix by observing a small fraction of its entries . a series of recent works [ kom12 , jns13 , hw14 ] have proposed fast non - convex optimization based iterative algorithms to solve this problem . however , the sample complexity in all these results is sub - optimal in its dependence on the rank , condition number and the desired accuracy . in this paper , we present a fast iterative algorithm that solves the m ←
→ calibration of one - class svm for mv set estimation ; a general approach for anomaly detection or novelty detection consists in estimating high density regions or minimum volume ( mv ) sets . the one - class support vector machine ( ocsvm ) is a state - of - the - art algorithm for estimating such regions from high dimensional data . yet it suffers from practical limitations . when applied to a limited number of samples it can lead to poor performance even when picking the best hyperparameters . moreover the solution of ocs ←
→ a hierarchical neural autoencoder for paragraphs and documents ; natural language generation of coherent long texts like paragraphs or longer documents is a challenging problem for recurrent networks models . in this paper , we explore an important step toward this generation task : training an lstm ( long - short term memory ) auto - encoder to preserve and reconstruct multi - sentence paragraphs . we introduce an lstm model that hierarchically builds an embedding for a paragraph from embeddings for sentences and word ←
→ novel approaches for predicting risk factors of atherosclerosis ; coronary heart disease ( chd ) caused by hardening of artery walls due to cholesterol known as atherosclerosis is responsible for large number of deaths world - wide . the disease progression is slow , asymptomatic and may lead to sudden cardiac arrest , stroke or myocardial infraction . presently , imaging techniques are being employed to understand the molecular and metabolic activity of atherosclerotic plaques to estimate the risk . though imaging m ←
→ a market - oriented programming environment and its application to distributed multicommodity flow problems ; market price systems constitute a well - understood class of mechanisms that under certain conditions provide effective decentralization of decision making with minimal communication overhead . in a market - oriented programming approach to distributed problem solving , we derive the activities and resource allocations for a set of computational agents by computing the competitive equilibrium of an artifi ←
→ experiments in linear template combination using genetic algorithms ; natural language generation systems typically have two parts - strategic (' what to say ') and tactical (' how to say '). we present our experiments in building an unsupervised corpus - driven template based tactical nlg system . we consider templates as a sequence of words containing gaps . our idea is based on the observation that templates are grammatical locally ( within their textual span ). we posit the construction of a sentence as a highly ←
→ estimating the number of clusters via normalized cluster instability ; we improve existing instability - based methods for the selection of the number of clusters $ k $ in cluster analysis by normalizing instability . in contrast to existing instability methods which only perform well for bounded sequences of small $ k $, our method performs well across the whole sequence of possible $ k $. in addition , we compare for the first time model - based and model - free variants of $ k $ selection via cluster instability and fin ←
→ modelling the lexicon in unsupervised part of speech induction ; automatically inducing the syntactic part - of - speech categories for words in text is a fundamental task in computational linguistics . while the performance of unsupervised tagging models has been slowly improving , current state - of - the - art systems make the obviously incorrect assumption that all tokens of a given word type must share a single part - of - speech tag . this one - tag - per - type heuristic counters the tendency of hidden markov model based t ←
→ a novel super resolution reconstruction of low reoslution images progressively using dct and zonal filter based denoising ; due to the factors like processing power limitations and channel capabilities images are often down sampled and transmitted at low bit rates resulting in a low resolution compressed image . high resolution images can be reconstructed from several blurred , noisy and down sampled low resolution images using a computational process know as super resolution reconstruction . super - resolutio ←
→ a new sufficient condition for 1 - coverage to imply connectivity ; an effective approach for energy conservation in wireless sensor networks is scheduling sleep intervals for extraneous nodes while the remaining nodes stay active to provide continuous service . for the sensor network to operate successfully the active nodes must maintain both sensing coverage and network connectivity , it proved before if the communication range of nodes is at least twice the sensing range , complete coverage of a convex area i ←
→ beyond $ χ ^ 2 $ difference : learning optimal metric for boundary detection ; this letter focuses on solving the challenging problem of detecting natural image boundaries . a boundary usually refers to the border between two regions with different semantic meanings . therefore , a measurement of dissimilarity between image regions plays a pivotal role in boundary detection of natural images . to improve the performance of boundary detection , a learning - based boundary metric ( lbm ) is proposed to replace $\ chi ^ 2 $ d ←
→ end - to - end fine - grained action segmentation and recognition using conditional random field models and discriminative sparse coding ; fine - grained action segmentation and recognition is an important yet challenging task . given a long , untrimmed sequence of kinematic data , the task is to classify the action at each time frame and segment the time series into the correct sequence of actions . in this paper , we propose a novel framework that combines a temporal conditional random field ( crf ) model with a power ←
→ a new paradigm for minimax search ; this paper introduces a new paradigm for minimax game - tree search algo - rithms . mt is a memory - enhanced version of pearls test procedure . by changing the way mt is called , a number of best - first game - tree search algorithms can be simply and elegantly constructed ( including sss *). most of the assessments of minimax search algorithms have been based on simulations . however , these simulations generally do not address two of the key ingredients of high performance game - playin ←
→ simulated autonomous driving on realistic road networks using deep reinforcement learning ; using deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) can be a promising approach to handle tasks in the field of ( simulated ) autonomous driving , whereby recent publications only consider learning in unusual driving environments . this paper outlines a developed software , which instead can be used for evaluating drl algorithms based on realistic road networks and therefore in more usual driving environments . furthermore , we ident ←
→ the expert system designed to improve customer satisfaction ; customer relationship management becomes a leading business strategy in highly competitive business environment . it aims to enhance the performance of the businesses by improving the customer satisfaction and loyalty . the objective of this paper is to improve customer satisfaction on product ' s colors and design with the help of the expert system developed by using artificial neural networks . the expert system ' s role is to capture the knowledge of ←
→ use generalized representations , but do not forget surface features ; only a year ago , all state - of - the - art coreference resolvers were using an extensive amount of surface features . recently , there was a paradigm shift towards using word embeddings and deep neural networks , where the use of surface features is very limited . in this paper , we show that a simple svm model with surface features outperforms more complex neural models for detecting anaphoric mentions . our analysis suggests that using generalized ←
→ task - driven dictionary learning ; modeling data with linear combinations of a few elements from a learned dictionary has been the focus of much recent research in machine learning , neuroscience and signal processing . for signals such as natural images that admit such sparse representations , it is now well established that these models are well suited to restoration tasks . in this context , learning the dictionary amounts to solving a large - scale matrix factorization problem , which can be done efficiently wit ←
→ learning to adapt by minimizing discrepancy ; we explore whether useful temporal neural generative models can be learned from sequential data without back - propagation through time . we investigate the viability of a more neurocognitively - grounded approach in the context of unsupervised generative modeling of sequences . specifically , we build on the concept of predictive coding , which has gained influence in cognitive science , in a neural framework . to do so we develop a novel architecture , the temporal neura ←
→ stock trading using pe ratio : a dynamic bayesian network modeling on behavioral finance and fundamental investment ; on a daily investment decision in a security market , the price earnings ( pe ) ratio is one of the most widely applied methods being used as a firm valuation tool by investment experts . unfortunately , recent academic developments in financial econometrics and machine learning rarely look at this tool . in practice , fundamental pe ratios are often estimated only by subjective expert opinions . t ←
→ friendships , rivalries , and trysts : characterizing relations between ideas in texts ; understanding how ideas relate to each other is a fundamental question in many domains , ranging from intellectual history to public communication . because ideas are naturally embedded in texts , we propose the first framework to systematically characterize the relations between ideas based on their occurrence in a corpus of documents , independent of how these ideas are represented . combining two statistics --- cooccurrenc ←
→ automated word puzzle generation via topic dictionaries ; we propose a general method for automated word puzzle generation . contrary to previous approaches in this novel field , the presented method does not rely on highly structured datasets obtained with serious human annotation effort : it only needs an unstructured and unannotated corpus ( i . e ., document collection ) as input . the method builds upon two additional pillars : ( i ) a topic model , which induces a topic dictionary from the input corpus ( examples i ←
→ effective listings of function stop words for twitter ; many words in documents recur very frequently but are essentially meaningless as they are used to join words together in a sentence . it is commonly understood that stop words do not contribute to the context or content of textual documents . due to their high frequency of occurrence , their presence in text mining presents an obstacle to the understanding of the content in the documents . to eliminate the bias effects , most text mining software or approac ←
→ a short survey of biomedical relation extraction techniques ; biomedical information is growing rapidly in the recent years and retrieving useful data through information extraction system is getting more attention . in the current research , we focus on different aspects of relation extraction techniques in biomedical domain and briefly describe the state - of - the - art for relation extraction between a variety of biological elements .←
→ viton : an image - based virtual try - on network ; we present an image - based viirtual try - on network ( viton ) without using 3d information in any form , which seamlessly transfers a desired clothing item onto the corresponding region of a person using a coarse - to - fine strategy . conditioned upon a new clothing - agnostic yet descriptive person representation , our framework first generates a coarse synthesized image with the target clothing item overlaid on that same person in the same pose . we further enhance the in ←
→ a multi - scheme ensemble using coopetitive soft - gating with application to power forecasting for renewable energy generation ; in this article , we propose a novel ensemble technique with a multi - scheme weighting based on a technique called coopetitive soft gating . this technique combines both , ensemble member competition and cooperation , in order to maximize the overall forecasting accuracy of the ensemble . the proposed algorithm combines the ideas of multiple ensemble paradigms ( power forecasting model en ←
→ optimized spatial partitioning via minimal swarm intelligence ; optimized spatial partitioning algorithms are the corner stone of many successful experimental designs and statistical methods . of these algorithms , the centroidal voronoi tessellation ( cvt ) is the most widely utilized . cvt based methods require global knowledge of spatial boundaries , do not readily allow for weighted regions , have challenging implementations , and are inefficiently extended to high dimensional spaces . we describe two simple par ←
→ what we really want to find by sentiment analysis : the relationship between computational models and psychological state ; as the first step to model emotional state of a person , we build sentiment analysis models with existing deep neural network algorithms and compare the models with psychological measurements to enlighten the relationship . in the experiments , we first examined psychological state of 64 participants and asked them to summarize the story of a book , chronicle of a death foretold ( marquez ,←
→ a perspective on sentiment analysis ; sentiment analysis ( sa ) is indeed a fascinating area of research which has stolen the attention of researchers as it has many facets and more importantly it promises economic stakes in the corporate and governance sector . sa has been stemmed out of text analytics and established itself as a separate identity and a domain of research . the wide ranging results of sa have proved to influence the way some critical decisions are taken . hence , it has become relevant in thorou ←
→ extractive summarization : limits , compression , generalized model and heuristics ; due to its promise to alleviate information overload , text summarization has attracted the attention of many researchers . however , it has remained a serious challenge . here , we first prove empirical limits on the recall ( and f1 - scores ) of extractive summarizers on the duc datasets under rouge evaluation for both the single - document and multi - document summarization tasks . next we define the concept of compressibility of a doc ←
→ robust pca via outlier pursuit ; singular value decomposition ( and principal component analysis ) is one of the most widely used techniques for dimensionality reduction : successful and efficiently computable , it is nevertheless plagued by a well - known , well - documented sensitivity to outliers . recent work has considered the setting where each point has a few arbitrarily corrupted components . yet , in applications of svd or pca such as robust collaborative filtering or bioinformatics , malicious agents , defectiv ←
→ information - theoretic dictionary learning for image classification ; we present a two - stage approach for learning dictionaries for object classification tasks based on the principle of information maximization . the proposed method seeks a dictionary that is compact , discriminative , and generative . in the first stage , dictionary atoms are selected from an initial dictionary by maximizing the mutual information measure on dictionary compactness , discrimination and reconstruction . in the second stage , the sele ←
→ variational zero - inflated gaussian processes with sparse kernels ; zero - inflated datasets , which have an excess of zero outputs , are commonly encountered in problems such as climate or rare event modelling . conventional machine learning approaches tend to overestimate the non - zeros leading to poor performance . we propose a novel model family of zero - inflated gaussian processes ( zigp ) for such zero - inflated datasets , produced by sparse kernels through learning a latent probit gaussian process that can zero o ←
→ triangle generative adversarial networks ; a triangle generative adversarial network ($\ delta $- gan ) is developed for semi - supervised cross - domain joint distribution matching , where the training data consists of samples from each domain , and supervision of domain correspondence is provided by only a few paired samples . $\ delta $- gan consists of four neural networks , two generators and two discriminators . the generators are designed to learn the two - way conditional distributions between the two domains , while ←
→ collaborative representation classification ensemble for face recognition ; collaborative representation classification ( crc ) for face recognition attracts a lot attention recently due to its good recognition performance and fast speed . compared to sparse representation classification ( src ), crc achieves a comparable recognition performance with 10 - 1000 times faster speed . in this paper , we propose to ensemble several crc models to promote the recognition rate , where each crc model uses different and dive ←
→ taxonomy of pathways to dangerous ai ; in order to properly handle a dangerous artificially intelligent ( ai ) system it is important to understand how the system came to be in such a state . in popular culture ( science fiction movies / books ) ais / robots became self - aware and as a result rebel against humanity and decide to destroy it . while it is one possible scenario , it is probably the least likely path to appearance of dangerous ai . in this work , we survey , classify and analyze a number of circumstances , whi ←
→ log - densenet : how to sparsify a densenet ; skip connections are increasingly utilized by deep neural networks to improve accuracy and cost - efficiency . in particular , the recent densenet is efficient in computation and parameters , and achieves state - of - the - art predictions by directly connecting each feature layer to all previous ones . however , densenet ' s extreme connectivity pattern may hinder its scalability to high depths , and in applications like fully convolutional networks , full densenet connections are ←
→ variants of rmsprop and adagrad with logarithmic regret bounds ; adaptive gradient methods have become recently very popular , in particular as they have been shown to be useful in the training of deep neural networks . in this paper we have analyzed rmsprop , originally proposed for the training of deep neural networks , in the context of online convex optimization and show $\ sqrt { t }$- type regret bounds . moreover , we propose two variants sc - adagrad and sc - rmsprop for which we show logarithmic regret bounds for ←
→ the parametrized probabilistic finite - state transducer probe game player fingerprint model ; fingerprinting operators generate functional signatures of game players and are useful for their automated analysis independent of representation or encoding . the theory for a fingerprinting operator which returns the length - weighted probability of a given move pair occurring from playing the investigated agent against a general parametrized probabilistic finite - state transducer ( pft ) is developed , applicable to a ←
→ duality between subgradient and conditional gradient methods ; given a convex optimization problem and its dual , there are many possible first - order algorithms . in this paper , we show the equivalence between mirror descent algorithms and algorithms generalizing the conditional gradient method . this is done through convex duality , and implies notably that for certain problems , such as for supervised machine learning problems with non - smooth losses or problems regularized by non - smooth regularizers , the prima ←
→ the belief noisy - or model applied to network reliability analysis ; one difficulty faced in knowledge engineering for bayesian network ( bn ) is the quan - tification step where the conditional probability tables ( cpts ) are determined . the number of parameters included in cpts increases exponentially with the number of parent variables . the most common solution is the application of the so - called canonical gates . the noisy - or ( nor ) gate , which takes advantage of the independence of causal interactions , provides ←
→ knowner : incremental multilingual knowledge in named entity recognition ; knowner is a multilingual named entity recognition ( ner ) system that leverages different degrees of external knowledge . a novel modular framework divides the knowledge into four categories according to the depth of knowledge they convey . each category consists of a set of features automatically generated from different information sources ( such as a knowledge - base , a list of names or document - specific semantic annotations ) and is used ←
→ linear models of computation and program learning ; we consider two classes of computations which admit taking linear combinations of execution runs : probabilistic sampling and generalized animation . we argue that the task of program learning should be more tractable for these architectures than for conventional deterministic programs . we look at the recent advances in the " sampling the samplers " paradigm in higher - order probabilistic programming . we also discuss connections between partial inconsistency , n ←
→ agile amulet : real - time salient object detection with contextual attention ; this paper proposes an agile aggregating multi - level feature framework ( agile amulet ) for salient object detection . the agile amulet builds on previous works to predict saliency maps using multi - level convolutional features . compared to previous works , agile amulet employs some key innovations to improve training and testing speed while also increase prediction accuracy . more specifically , we first introduce a contextual attentio ←
→ distributed strongly convex optimization ; a lot of effort has been invested into characterizing the convergence rates of gradient based algorithms for non - linear convex optimization . recently , motivated by large datasets and problems in machine learning , the interest has shifted towards distributed optimization . in this work we present a distributed algorithm for strongly convex constrained optimization . each node in a network of n computers converges to the optimum of a strongly convex , l - lipchitz continu ←
→ sensing urban land - use patterns by integrating google tensorflow and scene - classification models ; with the rapid progress of china ' s urbanization , research on the automatic detection of land - use patterns in chinese cities is of substantial importance . deep learning is an effective method to extract image features . to take advantage of the deep - learning method in detecting urban land - use patterns , we applied a transfer - learning - based remote - sensing image approach to extract and classify features . using th ←
→ biometric authentication using nonparametric methods ; the physiological and behavioral trait is employed to develop biometric authentication systems . the proposed work deals with the authentication of iris and signature based on minimum variance criteria . the iris patterns are preprocessed based on area of the connected components . the segmented image used for authentication consists of the region with large variations in the gray level values . the image region is split into quadtree components . the compon ←
→ asymmetric feature maps with application to sketch based retrieval ; we propose a novel concept of asymmetric feature maps ( afm ), which allows to evaluate multiple kernels between a query and database entries without increasing the memory requirements . to demonstrate the advantages of the afm method , we derive a short vector image representation that , due to asymmetric feature maps , supports efficient scale and translation invariant sketch - based image retrieval . unlike most of the short - code based retrieval ←
→ neural generative question answering ; this paper presents an end - to - end neural network model , named neural generative question answering ( genqa ), that can generate answers to simple factoid questions , based on the facts in a knowledge - base . more specifically , the model is built on the encoder - decoder framework for sequence - to - sequence learning , while equipped with the ability to enquire the knowledge - base , and is trained on a corpus of question - answer pairs , with their associated triples in the knowledge - b ←
→ multiscale markov decision problems : compression , solution , and transfer learning ; many problems in sequential decision making and stochastic control often have natural multiscale structure : sub - tasks are assembled together to accomplish complex goals . systematically inferring and leveraging hierarchical structure , particularly beyond a single level of abstraction , has remained a longstanding challenge . we describe a fast multiscale procedure for repeatedly compressing , or homogenizing , markov decision p ←
→ dropout training for svms with data augmentation ; dropout and other feature noising schemes have shown promising results in controlling over - fitting by artificially corrupting the training data . though extensive theoretical and empirical studies have been performed for generalized linear models , little work has been done for support vector machines ( svms ), one of the most successful approaches for supervised learning . this paper presents dropout training for both linear svms and the nonlinear extension wit ←
→ x - ray astronomical point sources recognition using granular binary - tree svm ; the study on point sources in astronomical images is of special importance , since most energetic celestial objects in the universe exhibit a point - like appearance . an approach to recognize the point sources ( ps ) in the x - ray astronomical images using our newly designed granular binary - tree support vector machine ( gbt - svm ) classifier is proposed . first , all potential point sources are located by peak detection on the image . the i ←
→ simple type theory as framework for combining logics ; simple type theory is suited as framework for combining classical and non - classical logics . this claim is based on the observation that various prominent logics , including ( quantified ) multimodal logics and intuitionistic logics , can be elegantly embedded in simple type theory . furthermore , simple type theory is sufficiently expressive to model combinations of embedded logics and it has a well understood semantics . off - the - shelf reasoning systems for si ←
→ model selection for high - dimensional regression under the generalized irrepresentability condition ; in the high - dimensional regression model a response variable is linearly related to $ p $ covariates , but the sample size $ n $ is smaller than $ p $. we assume that only a small subset of covariates is ` active ' ( i . e ., the corresponding coefficients are non - zero ), and consider the model - selection problem of identifying the active covariates . a popular approach is to estimate the regression coefficients through t ←
→ photometric stereo by hemispherical metric embedding ; photometric stereo methods seek to reconstruct the 3d shape of an object from motionless images obtained with varying illumination . most existing methods solve a restricted problem where the physical reflectance model , such as lambertian reflectance , is known in advance . in contrast , we do not restrict ourselves to a specific reflectance model . instead , we offer a method that works on a wide variety of reflectances . our approach uses a simple yet uncomm ←
→ log - based evaluation of label splits for process models ; process mining techniques aim to extract insights in processes from event logs . one of the challenges in process mining is identifying interesting and meaningful event labels that contribute to a better understanding of the process . our application area is mining data from smart homes for elderly , where the ultimate goal is to signal deviations from usual behavior and provide timely recommendations in order to extend the period of independent living .←
→ towards high - throughput 3d insect capture for species discovery and diagnostics ; digitisation of natural history collections not only preserves precious information about biological diversity , it also enables us to share , analyse , annotate and compare specimens to gain new insights . high - resolution , full - colour 3d capture of biological specimens yields color and geometry information complementary to other techniques ( e . g ., 2d capture , electron scanning and micro computed tomography ). however 3d colour ca ←
→ bethe bounds and approximating the global optimum ; inference in general markov random fields ( mrfs ) is np - hard , though identifying the maximum a posteriori ( map ) configuration of pairwise mrfs with submodular cost functions is efficiently solvable using graph cuts . marginal inference , however , even for this restricted class , is in # p . we prove new formulations of derivatives of the bethe free energy , provide bounds on the derivatives and bracket the locations of stationary points , introducing a new techniq ←
→ extension of wirtinger calculus in rkh spaces and the complex kernel lms ; over the last decade , kernel methods for nonlinear processing have successfully been used in the machine learning community . however , so far , the emphasis has been on batch techniques . it is only recently , that online adaptive techniques have been considered in the context of signal processing tasks . to the best of our knowledge , no kernel - based strategy has been developed , so far , that is able to deal with complex valued signals . in ←
→ artistic style transfer for videos and spherical images ; manually re - drawing an image in a certain artistic style takes a professional artist a long time . doing this for a video sequence single - handedly is beyond imagination . we present two computational approaches that transfer the style from one image ( for example , a painting ) to a whole video sequence . in our first approach , we adapt to videos the original image style transfer technique by gatys et al . based on energy minimization . we introduce new ways ←
→ occurrence statistics of entities , relations and types on the web ; the problem of collecting reliable estimates of occurrence of entities on the open web forms the premise for this report . the models learned for tagging entities cannot be expected to perform well when deployed on the web . this is owing to the severe mismatch in the distributions of such entities on the web and in the relatively diminutive training data . in this report , we build up the case for maximum mean discrepancy for estimation of occ ←
→ projective simulation for classical learning agents : a comprehensive investigation ; we study the model of projective simulation ( ps ), a novel approach to artificial intelligence based on stochastic processing of episodic memory which was recently introduced [ h . j . briegel and g . de las cuevas . sci . rep . 2 , 400 , ( 2012 )]. here we provide a detailed analysis of the model and examine its performance , including its achievable efficiency , its learning times and the way both properties scale with the problems ' d ←
→ watergan : unsupervised generative network to enable real - time color correction of monocular underwater images ; this paper reports on watergan , a generative adversarial network ( gan ) for generating realistic underwater images from in - air image and depth pairings in an unsupervised pipeline used for color correction of monocular underwater images . cameras onboard autonomous and remotely operated vehicles can capture high resolution images to map the seafloor , however , underwater image formation is subject ←
→ free lunch for optimisation under the universal distribution ; function optimisation is a major challenge in computer science . the no free lunch theorems state that if all functions with the same histogram are assumed to be equally probable then no algorithm outperforms any other in expectation . we argue against the uniform assumption and suggest a universal prior exists for which there is a free lunch , but where no particular class of functions is favoured over another . we also prove upper and lower bounds ←
→ logitboost autoregressive networks ; multivariate binary distributions can be decomposed into products of univariate conditional distributions . recently popular approaches have modeled these conditionals through neural networks with sophisticated weight - sharing structures . it is shown that state - of - the - art performance on several standard benchmark datasets can actually be achieved by training separate probability estimators for each dimension . in that case , model training can be trivially parallelized over ←
→ image denoising using new adaptive based median filters ; noise is a major issue while transferring images through all kinds of electronic communication . one of the most common noise in electronic communication is an impulse noise which is caused by unstable voltage . in this paper , the comparison of known image denoising techniques is discussed and a new technique using the decision based approach has been used for the removal of impulse noise . all these methods can primarily preserve image details while su ←
→ machine translation evaluation with neural networks ; we present a framework for machine translation evaluation using neural networks in a pairwise setting , where the goal is to select the better translation from a pair of hypotheses , given the reference translation . in this framework , lexical , syntactic and semantic information from the reference and the two hypotheses is embedded into compact distributed vector representations , and fed into a multi - layer neural network that models nonlinear interactions b ←
→ evaluation of computational grammar formalisms for indian languages ; natural language parsing has been the most prominent research area since the genesis of natural language processing . probabilistic parsers are being developed to make the process of parser development much easier , accurate and fast . in indian context , identification of which computational grammar formalism is to be used is still a question which needs to be answered . in this paper we focus on this problem and try to analyze different form ←
→ efficient manifold and subspace approximations with spherelets ; data lying in a high - dimensional ambient space are commonly thought to have a much lower intrinsic dimension . in particular , the data may be concentrated near a lower - dimensional subspace or manifold . there is an immense literature focused on approximating the unknown subspace , and in exploiting such approximations in clustering , data compression , and building of predictive models . most of the literature relies on approximating subspaces using ←
→ decision - analytic approaches to operational decision making : application and observation ; decision analysis ( da ) and the rich set of tools developed by researchers in decision making under uncertainty show great potential to penetrate the technological content of the products and services delivered by firms in a variety of industries as well as the business processes used to deliver those products and services to market . in this paper i describe work in progress at sun microsystems in the application of ←
→ multimodal storytelling via generative adversarial imitation learning ; deriving event storylines is an effective summarization method to succinctly organize extensive information , which can significantly alleviate the pain of information overload . the critical challenge is the lack of widely recognized definition of storyline metric . prior studies have developed various approaches based on different assumptions about users ' interests . these works can extract interesting patterns , but their assumptions do n ←
→ bayesian nonlinear principal component analysis using random fields ; we propose a novel model for nonlinear dimension reduction motivated by the probabilistic formulation of principal component analysis . nonlinearity is achieved by specifying different transformation matrices at different locations of the latent space and smoothing the transformation using a markov random field type prior . the computation is made feasible by the recent advances in sampling from von mises - fisher distributions .←
→ winning arguments : interaction dynamics and persuasion strategies in good - faith online discussions ; changing someone ' s opinion is arguably one of the most important challenges of social interaction . the underlying process proves difficult to study : it is hard to know how someone ' s opinions are formed and whether and how someone ' s views shift . fortunately , changemyview , an active community on reddit , provides a platform where users present their own opinions and reasoning , invite others to contest them , a ←
→ clockwork convnets for video semantic segmentation ; recent years have seen tremendous progress in still - image segmentation ; however the na \" ive application of these state - of - the - art algorithms to every video frame requires considerable computation and ignores the temporal continuity inherent in video . we propose a video recognition framework that relies on two key observations : 1 ) while pixels may change rapidly from frame to frame , the semantic content of a scene evolves more slowly , and 2 ) execution can ←
→ large - scale learning with less ram via randomization ; we reduce the memory footprint of popular large - scale online learning methods by projecting our weight vector onto a coarse discrete set using randomized rounding . compared to standard 32 - bit float encodings , this reduces ram usage by more than 50 % during training and by up to 95 % when making predictions from a fixed model , with almost no loss in accuracy . we also show that randomized counting can be used to implement per - coordinate learning rates , impr ←
→ a signaling game approach to databases querying and interaction ; as most database users cannot precisely express their information needs , it is challenging for database management systems to understand them . we propose a novel formal framework for representing and understanding information needs in database querying and exploration . our framework considers querying as a collaboration between the user and the database management system to establish a it mutual language for representing information needs . we ←
→ hierarchical modeling and shrinkage for user session length prediction in media streaming ; an important metric of users ' satisfaction and engagement within on - line streaming services is the user session length , i . e . the amount of time they spend on a service continuously without interruption . being able to predict this value directly benefits the recommendation and ad pacing contexts in music and video streaming services . recent research has shown that predicting the exact amount of time spent is highly ←
→ optimum reject options for prototype - based classification ; we analyse optimum reject strategies for prototype - based classifiers and real - valued rejection measures , using the distance of a data point to the closest prototype or probabilistic counterparts . we compare reject schemes with global thresholds , and local thresholds for the voronoi cells of the classifier . for the latter , we develop a polynomial - time algorithm to compute optimum thresholds based on a dynamic programming scheme , and we propose an in ←
→ active tolerant testing ; in this work , we give the first algorithms for tolerant testing of nontrivial classes in the active model : estimating the distance of a target function to a hypothesis class c with respect to some arbitrary distribution d , using only a small number of label queries to a polynomial - sized pool of unlabeled examples drawn from d . specifically , we show that for the class d of unions of d intervals on the line , we can estimate the error rate of the best hypothesis in the class to an add ←
→ a graphical social topology model for multi - object tracking ; tracking multiple objects is a challenging task when objects move in groups and occlude each other . existing methods have investigated the problems of group division and group energy - minimization ; however , lacking overall object - group topology modeling limits their ability in handling complex object and group dynamics . inspired with the social affinity property of moving objects , we propose a graphical social topology ( gst ) model , which estimates ←
→ mixture representations for inference and learning in boltzmann machines ; boltzmann machines are undirected graphical models with two - state stochastic variables , in which the logarithms of the clique potentials are quadratic functions of the node states . they have been widely studied in the neural computing literature , although their practical applicability has been limited by the difficulty of finding an effective learning algorithm . one well - established approach , known as mean field theory , represents th ←
→ ear recognition : more than a survey ; automatic identity recognition from ear images represents an active field of research within the biometric community . the ability to capture ear images from a distance and in a covert manner makes the technology an appealing choice for surveillance and security applications as well as other application domains . significant contributions have been made in the field over recent years , but open research problems still remain and hinder a wider ( commercial ) deployment of th ←
→ an empirical analysis of search in gsat ; we describe an extensive study of search in gsat , an approximation procedure for propositional satisfiability . gsat performs greedy hill - climbing on the number of satisfied clauses in a truth assignment . our experiments provide a more complete picture of gsat ' s search than previous accounts . we describe in detail the two phases of search : rapid hill - climbing followed by a long plateau search . we demonstrate that when applied to randomly generated 3sat problems , ther ←
→ deep - learning convolutional neural networks for scattered shrub detection with google earth imagery ; there is a growing demand for accurate high - resolution land cover maps in many fields , e . g ., in land - use planning and biodiversity conservation . developing such maps has been performed using object - based image analysis ( obia ) methods , which usually reach good accuracies , but require a high human supervision and the best configuration for one image can hardly be extrapolated to a different image . recently ,←
→ quantifying natural and artificial intelligence in robots and natural systems with an algorithmic behavioural test ; one of the most important aims of the fields of robotics , artificial intelligence and artificial life is the design and construction of systems and machines as versatile and as reliable as living organisms at performing high level human - like tasks . but how are we to evaluate artificial systems if we are not certain how to measure these capacities in living systems , let alone how to define l ←
→ fuzzy recommendations in marketing campaigns ; the population in sweden is growing rapidly due to immigration . in this light , the issue of infrastructure upgrades to provide telecommunication services is of importance . new antennas can be installed at hot spots of user demand , which will require an investment , and / or the clientele expansion can be carried out in a planned manner to promote the exploitation of the infrastructure in the less loaded geographical zones . in this paper , we explore the second alte ←
→ normalization and the representation of nonmonotonic knowledge in the theory of evidence ; we discuss the dempster - shafer theory of evidence . we introduce a concept of monotonicity which is related to the diminution of the range between belief and plausibility . we show that the accumulation of knowledge in this framework exhibits a nonmonotonic property . we show how the belief structure can be used to represent typical or commonsense knowledge .←
→ generative models of visually grounded imagination ; it is easy for people to imagine what a man with pink hair looks like , even if they have never seen such a person before . we call the ability to create images of novel semantic concepts visually grounded imagination . in this paper , we show how we can modify variational auto - encoders to perform this task . our method uses a novel training objective , and a novel product - of - experts inference network , which can handle partially specified ( abstract ) concepts in ←
→ three factors influencing minima in sgd ; we study the properties of the endpoint of stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ). by approximating sgd as a stochastic differential equation ( sde ) we consider the boltzmann - gibbs equilibrium distribution of that sde under the assumption of isotropic variance in loss gradients . through this analysis , we find that three factors - learning rate , batch size and the variance of the loss gradients - control the trade - off between the depth and width of the minima found by sgd ,←
→ supervised learning of a regression model based on latent process . application to the estimation of fuel cell life time ; this paper describes a pattern recognition approach aiming to estimate fuel cell duration time from electrochemical impedance spectroscopy measurements . it consists in first extracting features from both real and imaginary parts of the impedance spectrum . a parametric model is considered in the case of the real part , whereas regression model with latent variables is used in the latter ←
→ gap - weighted subsequences for automatic cognate identification and phylogenetic inference ; in this paper , we describe the problem of cognate identification and its relation to phylogenetic inference . we introduce subsequence based features for discriminating cognates from non - cognates . we show that subsequence based features perform better than the state - of - the - art string similarity measures for the purpose of cognate identification . we use the cognate judgments for the purpose of phylogenetic inference ←
→ smart , sparse contours to represent and edit images ; we study the problem of reconstructing an image from information stored at sparse contour locations . existing contour - based image reconstruction methods struggle to balance contour sparsity and reconstruction fidelity . therefore , denser contours are needed to capture subtle texture information even though contours were not meant for textures . we propose a novel image representation where image content is characterized by contours with gradient informatio ←
→ generating reflectance curves from srgb triplets ; the color sensation evoked by an object depends on both the spectral power distribution of the illumination and the reflectance properties of the object being illuminated . the color sensation can be characterized by three color - space values , such as xyz , rgb , hsv , l * a * b *, etc . it is straightforward to compute the three values given the illuminant and reflectance curves . the converse process of computing a reflectance curve given the color - space values and t ←
→ ensembled correlation between liver analysis outputs ; data mining techniques on the biological analysis are spreading for most of the areas including the health care and medical information . we have applied the data mining techniques , such as knn , svm , mlp or decision trees over a unique dataset , which is collected from 16 , 380 analysis results for a year . furthermore we have also used meta - classifiers to question the increased correlation rate between the liver disorder and the liver analysis outputs . the ←
→ emergence of complex - like cells in a temporal product network with local receptive fields ; we introduce a new neural architecture and an unsupervised algorithm for learning invariant representations from temporal sequence of images . the system uses two groups of complex cells whose outputs are combined multiplicatively : one that represents the content of the image , constrained to be constant over several consecutive frames , and one that represents the precise location of features , which is allowed to var ←
→ exact and efficient parallel inference for nonparametric mixture models ; nonparametric mixture models based on the dirichlet process are an elegant alternative to finite models when the number of underlying components is unknown , but inference in such models can be slow . existing attempts to parallelize inference in such models have relied on introducing approximations , which can lead to inaccuracies in the posterior estimate . in this paper , we describe auxiliary variable representations for the dirichlet ←
→ pyrcca : regularized kernel canonical correlation analysis in python and its applications to neuroimaging ; canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) is a valuable method for interpreting cross - covariance across related datasets of different dimensionality . there are many potential applications of cca to neuroimaging data analysis . for instance , cca can be used for finding functional similarities across fmri datasets collected from multiple subjects without resampling individual datasets to a template anatomy . ←
→ a review and comparison of strategies for multi - step ahead time series forecasting based on the nn5 forecasting competition ; multi - step ahead forecasting is still an open challenge in time series forecasting . several approaches that deal with this complex problem have been proposed in the literature but an extensive comparison on a large number of tasks is still missing . this paper aims to fill this gap by reviewing existing strategies for multi - step ahead forecasting and comparing them in theoretical an ←
→ model - parallel inference for big topic models ; in real world industrial applications of topic modeling , the ability to capture gigantic conceptual space by learning an ultra - high dimensional topical representation , i . e ., the so - called " big model ", is becoming the next desideratum after enthusiasms on " big data ", especially for fine - grained downstream tasks such as online advertising , where good performances are usually achieved by regression - based predictors built on millions if not billions of input featu ←
→ a proposal for linguistic similarity datasets based on commonality lists ; similarity is a core notion that is used in psychology and two branches of linguistics : theoretical and computational . the similarity datasets that come from the two fields differ in design : psychological datasets are focused around a certain topic such as fruit names , while linguistic datasets contain words from various categories . the later makes humans assign low similarity scores to the words that have nothing in common and to th ←
→ evaluating two - stream cnn for video classification ; videos contain very rich semantic information . traditional hand - crafted features are known to be inadequate in analyzing complex video semantics . inspired by the huge success of the deep learning methods in analyzing image , audio and text data , significant efforts are recently being devoted to the design of deep nets for video analytics . among the many practical needs , classifying videos ( or video clips ) based on their major semantic categories ( e . g ., " sk ←
→ monotonic and nonmonotonic preference revision ; we study here preference revision , considering both the monotonic case where the original preferences are preserved and the nonmonotonic case where the new preferences may override the original ones . we use a relational framework in which preferences are represented using binary relations ( not necessarily finite ). we identify several classes of revisions that preserve order axioms , for example the axioms of strict partial or weak orders . we consider applicati ←
→ learning to select pre - trained deep representations with bayesian evidence framework ; we propose a bayesian evidence framework to facilitate transfer learning from pre - trained deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). our framework is formulated on top of a least squares svm ( ls - svm ) classifier , which is simple and fast in both training and testing , and achieves competitive performance in practice . the regularization parameters in ls - svm is estimated automatically without grid search and cross - validatio ←
→ automatic cardiac disease assessment on cine - mri via time - series segmentation and domain specific features ; cardiac magnetic resonance imaging improves on diagnosis of cardiovascular diseases by providing images at high spatiotemporal resolution . manual evaluation of these time - series , however , is expensive and prone to biased and non - reproducible outcomes . in this paper , we present a method that addresses named limitations by integrating segmentation and disease classification into a fully automatic pro ←
→ a complexity analysis of statistical learning algorithms ; we apply information - based complexity analysis to support vector machine ( svm ) algorithms , with the goal of a comprehensive continuous algorithmic analysis of such algorithms . this involves complexity measures in which some higher order operations ( e . g ., certain optimizations ) are considered primitive for the purposes of measuring complexity . we consider classes of information operators and algorithms made up of scaled families , and investigate the ←
→ adaptive task assignment in online learning environments ; with the increasing popularity of online learning , intelligent tutoring systems are regaining increased attention . in this paper , we introduce adaptive algorithms for personalized assignment of learning tasks to student so that to improve his performance in online learning environments . as main contribution of this paper , we propose a a novel skill - based task selector ( sbts ) algorithm which is able to approximate a student ' s skill level based on his ←
→ an agent - based simulation of the effectiveness of creative leadership ; this paper investigates the effectiveness of creative versus uncreative leadership using evoc , an agent - based model of cultural evolution . each iteration , each agent in the artificial society invents a new action , or imitates a neighbor ' s action . only the leader ' s actions can be imitated by all other agents , referred to as followers . two measures of creativity were used : ( 1 ) invention - to - imitation ratio , ileader , which measures how ofte ←
→ analysis of magnification in depth from defocus ; in depth from defocus ( dfd ), when images are captured with different camera parameters , a relative magnification is induced between them . image warping is a simpler solution to account for magnification than seemingly more accurate optical approaches . this work is an investigation into the effects of magnification on the accuracy of dfd . we comment on issues regarding scaling effect on relative blur computation . we statistically analyze accountability of sca ←
→ action - depedent control variates for policy optimization via stein ' s identity ; policy gradient methods have achieved remarkable successes in solving challenging reinforcement learning problems . however , it still often suffers from the large variance issue on policy gradient estimation , which leads to poor sample efficiency during training . in this work , we propose a control variate method to effectively reduce variance for policy gradient methods . motivated by the stein ' s identity , our method extends the ←
→ end - to - end learning for 3d facial animation from raw waveforms of speech ; we present a deep learning framework for real - time speech - driven 3d facial animation from just raw waveforms . our deep neural network directly maps an input sequence of speech audio to a series of micro facial action unit activations and head rotations to drive a 3d blendshape face model . in particular , our deep model is able to learn the latent representations of time - varying contextual information and affective states within the sp ←
→ robust pca and subspace tracking from incomplete observations using l0 - surrogates ; many applications in data analysis rely on the decomposition of a data matrix into a low - rank and a sparse component . existing methods that tackle this task use the nuclear norm and l1 - cost functions as convex relaxations of the rank constraint and the sparsity measure , respectively , or employ thresholding techniques . we propose a method that allows for reconstructing and tracking a subspace of upper - bounded dimension from ←
→ ontology - based representation and reasoning on process models : a logic programming approach ; we propose a framework grounded in logic programming for representing and reasoning about business processes from both the procedural and ontological point of views . in particular , our goal is threefold : ( 1 ) define a logical language and a formal semantics for process models enriched with ontology - based annotations ; ( 2 ) provide an effective inference mechanism that supports the combination of reasoning services d ←
→ submodularity in batch active learning and survey problems on gaussian random fields ; many real - world datasets can be represented in the form of a graph whose edge weights designate similarities between instances . a discrete gaussian random field ( grf ) model is a finite - dimensional gaussian process ( gp ) whose prior covariance is the inverse of a graph laplacian . minimizing the trace of the predictive covariance sigma ( v - optimality ) on grfs has proven successful in batch active learning classification pro ←
→ on the state of the art of evaluation in neural language models ; ongoing innovations in recurrent neural network architectures have provided a steady influx of apparently state - of - the - art results on language modelling benchmarks . however , these have been evaluated using differing code bases and limited computational resources , which represent uncontrolled sources of experimental variation . we reevaluate several popular architectures and regularisation methods with large - scale automatic black - box hyperparam ←
→ leveraging recurrent neural networks for multimodal recognition of social norm violation in dialog ; social norms are shared rules that govern and facilitate social interaction . violating such social norms via teasing and insults may serve to upend power imbalances or , on the contrary reinforce solidarity and rapport in conversation , rapport which is highly situated and context - dependent . in this work , we investigate the task of automatically identifying the phenomena of social norm violation in discourse ←
→ an empirical exploration of skip connections for sequential tagging ; in this paper , we empirically explore the effects of various kinds of skip connections in stacked bidirectional lstms for sequential tagging . we investigate three kinds of skip connections connecting to lstm cells : ( a ) skip connections to the gates , ( b ) skip connections to the internal states and ( c ) skip connections to the cell outputs . we present comprehensive experiments showing that skip connections to cell outputs outperform the rema ←
→ additive non - negative matrix factorization for missing data ; non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) has previously been shown to be a useful decomposition for multivariate data . we interpret the factorization in a new way and use it to generate missing attributes from test data . we provide a joint optimization scheme for the missing attributes as well as the nmf factors . we prove the monotonic convergence of our algorithms . we present classification results for cases with missing attributes .←
→ gaussian process neurons learn stochastic activation functions ; we propose stochastic , non - parametric activation functions that are fully learnable and individual to each neuron . complexity and the risk of overfitting are controlled by placing a gaussian process prior over these functions . the result is the gaussian process neuron , a probabilistic unit that can be used as the basic building block for probabilistic graphical models that resemble the structure of neural networks . the proposed model can intri ←
→ borrowing treasures from the wealthy : deep transfer learning through selective joint fine - tuning ; deep neural networks require a large amount of labeled training data during supervised learning . however , collecting and labeling so much data might be infeasible in many cases . in this paper , we introduce a source - target selective joint fine - tuning scheme for improving the performance of deep learning tasks with insufficient training data . in this scheme , a target learning task with insufficient training da ←
→ generalized centroid estimators in bioinformatics ; in a number of estimation problems in bioinformatics , accuracy measures of the target problem are usually given , and it is important to design estimators that are suitable to those accuracy measures . however , there is often a discrepancy between an employed estimator and a given accuracy measure of the problem . in this study , we introduce a general class of efficient estimators for estimation problems on high - dimensional binary spaces , which representmany ←
→ conditional generation and snapshot learning in neural dialogue systems ; recently a variety of lstm - based conditional language models ( lm ) have been applied across a range of language generation tasks . in this work we study various model architectures and different ways to represent and aggregate the source information in an end - to - end neural dialogue system framework . a method called snapshot learning is also proposed to facilitate learning from supervised sequential signals by applying a companion cross -←
→ learning deep features via congenerous cosine loss for person recognition ; person recognition aims at recognizing the same identity across time and space with complicated scenes and similar appearance . in this paper , we propose a novel method to address this task by training a network to obtain robust and representative features . the intuition is that we directly compare and optimize the cosine distance between two features - enlarging inter - class distinction as well as alleviating inner - class variance . ←
→ autoencoding the retrieval relevance of medical images ; content - based image retrieval ( cbir ) of medical images is a crucial task that can contribute to a more reliable diagnosis if applied to big data . recent advances in feature extraction and classification have enormously improved cbir results for digital images . however , considering the increasing accessibility of big data in medical imaging , we are still in need of reducing both memory requirements and computational expenses of image retrieval systems .←
→ the role of behavior modifiers in representation development ; we address the problem of the development of representations and their relationship to the environment . we study a software agent which develops in a network a representation of its simple environment which captures and integrates the relationships between agent and environment through a closure mechanism . the inclusion of a variable behavior modifier allows better representation development . this can be confirmed with an internal description of ←
→ a class of parallel doubly stochastic algorithms for large - scale learning ; we consider learning problems over training sets in which both , the number of training examples and the dimension of the feature vectors , are large . to solve these problems we propose the random parallel stochastic algorithm ( rapsa ). we call the algorithm random parallel because it utilizes multiple parallel processors to operate on a randomly chosen subset of blocks of the feature vector . we call the algorithm stochastic because ←
→ analysis of vanilla rolling horizon evolution parameters in general video game playing ; monte carlo tree search techniques have generally dominated general video game playing , but recent research has started looking at evolutionary algorithms and their potential at matching tree search level of play or even outperforming these methods . online or rolling horizon evolution is one of the options available to evolve sequences of actions for planning in general video game playing , but no research has been don ←
→ a competitive comparison of different types of evolutionary algorithms ; this paper presents comparison of several stochastic optimization algorithms developed by authors in their previous works for the solution of some problems arising in civil engineering . the introduced optimization methods are : the integer augmented simulated annealing ( iasa ), the real - coded augmented simulated annealing ( rasa ), the differential evolution ( de ) in its original fashion developed by r . storn and k . price and simplified rea ←
→ airsim : high - fidelity visual and physical simulation for autonomous vehicles ; developing and testing algorithms for autonomous vehicles in real world is an expensive and time consuming process . also , in order to utilize recent advances in machine intelligence and deep learning we need to collect a large amount of annotated training data in a variety of conditions and environments . we present a new simulator built on unreal engine that offers physically and visually realistic simulations for both of these ←
→ idioms - proverbs lexicon for modern standard arabic and colloquial sentiment analysis ; although , the fair amount of works in sentiment analysis ( sa ) and opinion mining ( om ) systems in the last decade and with respect to the performance of these systems , but it still not desired performance , especially for morphologically - rich language ( mrl ) such as arabic , due to the complexities and challenges exist in the nature of the languages itself . one of these challenges is the detection of idioms or proverbs phra ←
→ incremental majorization - minimization optimization with application to large - scale machine learning ; majorization - minimization algorithms consist of successively minimizing a sequence of upper bounds of the objective function . these upper bounds are tight at the current estimate , and each iteration monotonically drives the objective function downhill . such a simple principle is widely applicable and has been very popular in various scientific fields , especially in signal processing and statistics . in thi ←
→ cooperation between top - down and bottom - up theorem provers ; top - down and bottom - up theorem proving approaches each have specific advantages and disadvantages . bottom - up provers profit from strong redundancy control but suffer from the lack of goal - orientation , whereas top - down provers are goal - oriented but often have weak calculi when their proof lengths are considered . in order to integrate both approaches , we try to achieve cooperation between a top - down and a bottom - up prover in two different ways : the ←
→ residual squeeze vgg16 ; deep learning has given way to a new era of machine learning , apart from computer vision . convolutional neural networks have been implemented in image classification , segmentation and object detection . despite recent advancements , we are still in the very early stages and have yet to settle on best practices for network architecture in terms of deep design , small in size and a short training time . in this work , we propose a very deep neural network comprised of 16 convolutional laye ←
→ knowledge engineering within a generalized bayesian framework ; during the ongoing debate over the representation of uncertainty in artificial intelligence , cheeseman , lemmer , pearl , and others have argued that probability theory , and in particular the bayesian theory , should be used as the basis for the inference mechanisms of expert systems dealing with uncertainty . in order to pursue the issue in a practical setting , sophisticated tools for knowledge engineering are needed that allow flexible and underst ←
→ information directed sampling and bandits with heteroscedastic noise ; in the stochastic bandit problem , the goal is to maximize an unknown function via a sequence of noisy function evaluations . typically , the observation noise is assumed to be independent of the evaluation point and satisfies a tail bound taken uniformly on the domain . in this work , we consider the setting of heteroscedastic noise , that is , we explicitly allow the noise distribution to depend on the evaluation point . we show that this lead ←
→ rule - weighted and terminal - weighted context - free grammars have identical expressivity ; two formalisms , both based on context - free grammars , have recently been proposed as a basis for a non - uniform random generation of combinatorial objects . the former , introduced by denise et al , associates weights with letters , while the latter , recently explored by weinberg et al in the context of random generation , associates weights to transitions . in this short note , we use a simple modification of the greibach norm ←
→ energy efficient wireless communication using genetic algorithm guided faster light weight digital signature algorithm ( gadsa ) ; in this paper ga based light weight faster version of digital signature algorithm ( gadsa ) in wireless communication has been proposed . various genetic operators like crossover and mutation are used to optimizing amount of modular multiplication . roulette wheel selection mechanism helps to select best chromosome which in turn helps in faster computation and minimizes the time req ←
→ understanding traffic density from large - scale web camera data ; understanding traffic density from large - scale web camera ( webcam ) videos is a challenging problem because such videos have low spatial and temporal resolution , high occlusion and large perspective . to deeply understand traffic density , we explore both deep learning based and optimization based methods . to avoid individual vehicle detection and tracking , both methods map the image into vehicle density map , one based on rank constrained regress ←
→ extracting formal models from normative texts ; we are concerned with the analysis of normative texts - documents based on the deontic notions of obligation , permission , and prohibition . our goal is to make queries about these notions and verify that a text satisfies certain properties concerning causality of actions and timing constraints . this requires taking the original text and building a representation ( model ) of it in a formal language , in our case the c - o diagram formalism . we present an experimenta ←
→ heteroscedastic relevance vector machine ; in this work we propose a heteroscedastic generalization to rvm , a fast bayesian framework for regression , based on some recent similar works . we use variational approximation and expectation propagation to tackle the problem . the work is still under progress and we are examining the results and comparing with the previous works .←
→ effective strategies in zero - shot neural machine translation ; in this paper , we proposed two strategies which can be applied to a multilingual neural machine translation system in order to better tackle zero - shot scenarios despite not having any parallel corpus . the experiments show that they are effective in terms of both performance and computing resources , especially in multilingual translation of unbalanced data in real zero - resourced condition when they alleviate the language bias problem .←
→ enriching wordnet concepts with topic signatures ; this paper explores the possibility of enriching the content of existing ontologies . the overall goal is to overcome the lack of topical links among concepts in wordnet . each concept is to be associated to a topic signature , i . e ., a set of related words with associated weights . the signatures can be automatically constructed from the www or from sense - tagged corpora . both approaches are compared and evaluated on a word sense disambiguation task . the results ←
→ continual learning with deep generative replay ; attempts to train a comprehensive artificial intelligence capable of solving multiple tasks have been impeded by a chronic problem called catastrophic forgetting . although simply replaying all previous data alleviates the problem , it requires large memory and even worse , often infeasible in real world applications where the access to past data is limited . inspired by the generative nature of hippocampus as a short - term memory system in primate brain , we propo ←
→ using deep neural network approximate bayesian network ; we present a new method to approximate posterior probabilities of bayesian network using deep neural network . experiment results on several public bayesian network datasets shows that deep neural network is capable of learning joint probability distri - bution of bayesian network by learning from a few observation and posterior probability distribution pairs with high accuracy . compared with traditional approximate method likelihood weighting sampling ←
→ a general approach to belief change in answer set programming ; we address the problem of belief change in ( nonmonotonic ) logic programming under answer set semantics . unlike previous approaches to belief change in logic programming , our formal techniques are analogous to those of distance - based belief revision in propositional logic . in developing our results , we build upon the model theory of logic programs furnished by se models . since se models provide a formal , monotonic characterisation of logic progr ←
→ object proposals for text extraction in the wild ; object proposals is a recent computer vision technique receiving increasing interest from the research community . its main objective is to generate a relatively small set of bounding box proposals that are most likely to contain objects of interest . the use of object proposals techniques in the scene text understanding field is innovative . motivated by the success of powerful while expensive techniques to recognize words in a holistic way , object proposals ←
→ a new framework for optimal classifier design ; the use of alternative measures to evaluate classifier performance is gaining attention , specially for imbalanced problems . however , the use of these measures in the classifier design process is still unsolved . in this work we propose a classifier designed specifically to optimize one of these alternative measures , namely , the so - called f - measure . nevertheless , the technique is general , and it can be used to optimize other evaluation measures . an algorithm to ←
→ robustness of causal claims ; a causal claim is any assertion that invokes causal relationships between variables , for example that a drug has a certain effect on preventing a disease . causal claims are established through a combination of data and a set of causal assumptions called a causal model . a claim is robust when it is insensitive to violations of some of the causal assumptions embodied in the model . this paper gives a formal definition of this notion of robustness and establishes a graphical condit ←
→ a brief summary of dictionary learning based approach for classification ( revised ) ; this note presents some representative methods which are based on dictionary learning ( dl ) for classification . we do not review the sophisticated methods or frameworks that involve dl for classification , such as online dl and spatial pyramid matching ( spm ), but rather , we concentrate on the direct dl - based classification methods . here , the " so - called direct dl - based method " is the approach directly deals with dl framework ←
→ application of enhanced - 2d - cwt in topographic images for mapping landslide risk areas ; there has been lately a number of catastrophic events of landslides and mudslides in the mountainous region of rio de janeiro , brazil . those were caused by intense rain in localities where there was unplanned occupation of slopes of hills and mountains . thus , it became imperative creating an inventory of landslide risk areas in densely populated cities . this work presents a way of demarcating risk areas by using the bi ←
→ on the taut string interpretation of the one - dimensional rudin - osher - fatemi model : a new proof , a fundamental estimate and some applications ; a new proof of the equivalence of the taut string algorithm and the one - dimensional rudin - osher - fatemi model is presented . based on duality and the projection theorem in hilbert space , the proof is strictly elementary . existence and uniqueness of solutions to both denoising models follow as by - products . the standard convergence properties of the denoised signal , ←
→ end2you -- the imperial toolkit for multimodal profiling by end - to - end learning ; we introduce end2you -- the imperial college london toolkit for multimodal profiling by end - to - end deep learning . end2you is an open - source toolkit implemented in python and is based on tensorflow . it provides capabilities to train and evaluate models in an end - to - end manner , i . e ., using raw input . it supports input from raw audio , visual , physiological or other types of information or combination of those , and the output ca ←
→ differential evolution for efficient auv path planning in time variant uncertain underwater environment ; the auv three - dimension path planning in complex turbulent underwater environment is investigated in this research , in which static current map data and uncertain static - moving time variant obstacles are taken into account . robustness of auvs path planning to this strong variability is known as a complex np - hard problem and is considered a critical issue to ensure vehicles safe deployment . efficient e ←
→ probabilistic video generation using holistic attribute control ; videos express highly structured spatio - temporal patterns of visual data . a video can be thought of as being governed by two factors : ( i ) temporally invariant ( e . g ., person identity ), or slowly varying ( e . g ., activity ), attribute - induced appearance , encoding the persistent content of each frame , and ( ii ) an inter - frame motion or scene dynamics ( e . g ., encoding evolution of the person ex - ecuting the action ). based on this intuition , we propose ←
→ analyzing features learned for offline signature verification using deep cnns ; research on offline handwritten signature verification explored a large variety of handcrafted feature extractors , ranging from graphology , texture descriptors to interest points . in spite of advancements in the last decades , performance of such systems is still far from optimal when we test the systems against skilled forgeries - signature forgeries that target a particular individual . in previous research , we proposed a form ←
→ actual : actor - critic under adversarial learning ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are a powerful framework for deep generative modeling . posed as a two - player minimax problem , gans are typically trained end - to - end on real - valued data and can be used to train a generator of high - dimensional and realistic images . however , a major limitation of gans is that training relies on passing gradients from the discriminator through the generator via back - propagation . this makes it fundamentally difficult to tra ←
→ sequential probability assignment with binary alphabets and large classes of experts ; we analyze the problem of sequential probability assignment for binary outcomes with side information and logarithmic loss , where regret --- or , redundancy --- is measured with respect to a ( possibly infinite ) class of experts . we provide upper and lower bounds for minimax regret in terms of sequential complexities of the class . these complexities were recently shown to give matching ( up to logarithmic factors ) upper and lo ←
→ an efficient $ k $- means - type algorithm for clustering datasets with incomplete records ; the $ k $- means algorithm is the most popular nonparametric clustering method in use , but cannot generally be applied to data sets with missing observations . the usual practice with such data sets is to either impute the values under an assumption of a missing - at - random mechanism or to ignore the incomplete records , and then to use the desired clustering method . we develop an efficient version of the $ k $- means algorithm ←
→ what to do about non - standard ( or non - canonical ) language in nlp ; real world data differs radically from the benchmark corpora we use in natural language processing ( nlp ). as soon as we apply our technologies to the real world , performance drops . the reason for this problem is obvious : nlp models are trained on samples from a limited set of canonical varieties that are considered standard , most prominently english newswire . however , there are many dimensions , e . g ., socio - demographics , language , genre , sent ←
→ informal physical reasoning processes ; a fundamental question is whether turing machines can model all reasoning processes . we introduce an existence principle stating that the perception of the physical existence of any turing program can serve as a physical causation for the application of any turing - computable function to this turing program . the existence principle overcomes the limitation of the outputs of turing machines to lists , that is , recursively enumerable sets . the principle is illustrated by ←
→ objects2action : classifying and localizing actions without any video example ; the goal of this paper is to recognize actions in video without the need for examples . different from traditional zero - shot approaches we do not demand the design and specification of attribute classifiers and class - to - attribute mappings to allow for transfer from seen classes to unseen classes . our key contribution is objects2action , a semantic word embedding that is spanned by a skip - gram model of thousands of object categori ←
→ a variational bayes approach to decoding in a phase - uncertain digital receiver ; this paper presents a bayesian approach to symbol and phase inference in a phase - unsynchronized digital receiver . it primarily extends [ quinn 2011 ] to the multi - symbol case , using the variational bayes ( vb ) approximation to deal with the combinatorial complexity of the phase inference in this case . the work provides a fully bayesian extension of the em - based framework underlying current turbo - synchronization methods , since it ←
→ recovering the missing link : predicting class - attribute associations for unsupervised zero - shot learning ; collecting training images for all visual categories is not only expensive but also impractical . zero - shot learning ( zsl ), especially using attributes , offers a pragmatic solution to this problem . however , at test time most attribute - based methods require a full description of attribute associations for each unseen class . providing these associations is time consuming and often requires domain specif ←
→ visual saliency prediction using a mixture of deep neural networks ; visual saliency models have recently begun to incorporate deep learning to achieve predictive capacity much greater than previous unsupervised methods . however , most existing models predict saliency using local mechanisms limited to the receptive field of the network . we propose a model that incorporates global scene semantic information in addition to local information gathered by a convolutional neural network . our model is formulated as ←
→ a robust real - time automatic license plate recognition based on the yolo detector ; automatic license plate recognition ( alpr ) has been a frequent topic of research due to many practical applications . however , many of the current solutions are still not robust in real - world situations , commonly depending on many constraints . this paper presents a robust and efficient alpr system based on the state - of - the - art yolo object detection . the convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are trained and fine - tuned for eac ←
→ advice - efficient prediction with expert advice ; advice - efficient prediction with expert advice ( in analogy to label - efficient prediction ) is a variant of prediction with expert advice game , where on each round of the game we are allowed to ask for advice of a limited number $ m $ out of $ n $ experts . this setting is especially interesting when asking for advice of every expert on every round is expensive . we present an algorithm for advice - efficient prediction with expert advice that achieves $ o (\ sqrt {\ frac { n ←
→ ai4ai : quantitative methods for classifying host species from avian influenza dna sequence ; avian influenza breakouts cause millions of dollars in damage each year globally , especially in asian countries such as china and south korea . the impact magnitude of a breakout directly correlates to time required to fully understand the influenza virus , particularly the interspecies pathogenicity . the procedure requires laboratory tests that require resources typically lacking in a breakout emergency . in this st ←
→ efficient classification using parallel and scalable compressed model and its application on intrusion detection ; in order to achieve high efficiency of classification in intrusion detection , a compressed model is proposed in this paper which combines horizontal compression with vertical compression . oner is utilized as horizontal com - pression for attribute reduction , and affinity propagation is employed as vertical compression to select small representative exemplars from large training data . as to be a ←
→$ k $- center clustering under perturbation resilience ; the $ k $- center problem is a canonical and long - studied facility location and clustering problem with many applications in both its symmetric and asymmetric forms . both versions of the problem have tight approximation factors on worst case instances : a $ 2 $- approximation for symmetric $ k $- center and an $ o (\ log ^*( k ))$- approximation for the asymmetric version . in this work , we go beyond the worst case and provide strong positive results both for the asymme ←
→ maximum mutual information regularized classification ; in this paper , a novel pattern classification approach is proposed by regularizing the classifier learning to maximize mutual information between the classification response and the true class label . we argue that , with the learned classifier , the uncertainty of the true class label of a data sample should be reduced by knowing its classification response as much as possible . the reduced uncertainty is measured by the mutual information between the cla ←
→ a probabilistic model of machine translation ; a probabilistic model for computer - based generation of a machine translation system on the basis of english - russian parallel text corpora is suggested . the model is trained using parallel text corpora with pre - aligned source and target sentences . the training of the model results in a bilingual dictionary of words and " word blocks " with relevant translation probability .←
→ on learning to think : algorithmic information theory for novel combinations of reinforcement learning controllers and recurrent neural world models ; this paper addresses the general problem of reinforcement learning ( rl ) in partially observable environments . in 2013 , our large rl recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) learned from scratch to drive simulated cars from high - dimensional video input . however , real brains are more powerful in many ways . in particular , they learn a predictive model of their initia ←
→ deep learning based regression and multi - class models for acute oral toxicity prediction with automatic chemical feature extraction ; for quantitative structure - property relationship ( qspr ) studies in chemoinformatics , it is important to get interpretable relationship between chemical properties and chemical features . however , the predictive power and interpretability of qspr models are usually two different objectives that are difficult to achieve simultaneously . a deep learning architecture using molecu ←
→ causal rule sets for identifying subgroups with enhanced treatment effect ; we introduce a novel generative model for interpretable subgroup analysis for causal inference applications , causal rule sets ( crs ). a crs model uses a small set of short rules to capture a subgroup where the average treatment effect is elevated compared to the entire population . we present a bayesian framework for learning a causal rule set . the bayesian framework consists of a prior that favors simpler models and a bayesian logi ←
→ image segmentation by discounted cumulative ranking on maximal cliques ; we propose a mid - level image segmentation framework that combines multiple figure - ground hypothesis ( fg ) constrained at different locations and scales , into interpretations that tile the entire image . the problem is cast as optimization over sets of maximal cliques sampled from the graph connecting non - overlapping , putative figure - ground segment hypotheses . potential functions over cliques combine unary gestalt - based figure quality sco ←
→ statistical decisions using likelihood information without prior probabilities ; this paper presents a decision - theoretic approach to statistical inference that satisfies the likelihood principle ( lp ) without using prior information . unlike the bayesian approach , which also satisfies lp , we do not assume knowledge of the prior distribution of the unknown parameter . with respect to information that can be obtained from an experiment , our solution is more efficient than wald ' s minimax solution . however , with ←
→ face recognition using multi - modal low - rank dictionary learning ; face recognition has been widely studied due to its importance in different applications ; however , most of the proposed methods fail when face images are occluded or captured under illumination and pose variations . recently several low - rank dictionary learning methods have been proposed and achieved promising results for noisy observations . while these methods are mostly developed for single - modality scenarios , recent studies demonstrated the ←
→ improvement of loadability in distribution system using genetic algorithm ; generally during recent decades due to development of power systems , the methods for delivering electrical energy to consumers , and because of voltage variations is a very important problem , the power plants follow this criteria . the good solution for improving transfer and distribution of electrical power the majority of consumers prefer to use energy near the loads . so small units that are connected to distribution system named ←
→ zero - annotation object detection with web knowledge transfer ; object detection is one of the major problems in computer vision , and has been extensively studied . most of of the existing detection works rely on labor - intensive supervisions , such as ground truth bounding boxes of objects or at least image - level annotations . on the contrary , we propose an object detection method that does not require any form of supervisions on target tasks , by exploiting freely available web images . in order to facilitate ef ←
→ a geometric approach to sample compression ; the sample compression conjecture of littlestone & warmuth has remained unsolved for over two decades . this paper presents a systematic geometric investigation of the compression of finite maximum concept classes . simple arrangements of hyperplanes in hyperbolic space , and piecewise - linear hyperplane arrangements , are shown to represent maximum classes , generalizing the corresponding euclidean result . a main result is that pl arrangements can be swept by a moving ←
→ adaptation and learning over networks for nonlinear system modeling ; in this chapter , we analyze nonlinear filtering problems in distributed environments , e . g ., sensor networks or peer - to - peer protocols . in these scenarios , the agents in the environment receive measurements in a streaming fashion , and they are required to estimate a common ( nonlinear ) model by alternating local computations and communications with their neighbors . we focus on the important distinction between single - task problems , where th ←
→ sharp models on dull hardware : fast and accurate neural machine translation decoding on the cpu ; attentional sequence - to - sequence models have become the new standard for machine translation , but one challenge of such models is a significant increase in training and decoding cost compared to phrase - based systems . here , we focus on efficient decoding , with a goal of achieving accuracy close the state - of - the - art in neural machine translation ( nmt ), while achieving cpu decoding speed / throughput close to that ←
→ joint active learning and feature selection via cur matrix decomposition ; this paper focuses on the problem of simultaneous sample and feature selection for machine learning in a fully unsupervised setting . though most existing works tackle these two problems separately that derives two well - studied sub - areas namely active learning and feature selection , a unified approach is inspirational since they are often interleaved with each other . noisy and high - dimensional features will bring adverse effect on sam ←
→ template - based matching using weight maps ; template matching is one of the most prevalent pattern recognition methods worldwide . it has found uses in most visual concept detection fields . in this work , we investigate methods for improving template matching by adjusting the weights of different regions of the template . we compare several weight maps and test the methods using the feret face test set in the context of human eye detection .←
→ on identification of sparse multivariable arx model : a sparse bayesian learning approach ; this paper begins with considering the identification of sparse linear time - invariant networks described by multivariable arx models . such models possess relatively simple structure thus used as a benchmark to promote further research . with identifiability of the network guaranteed , this paper presents an identification method that infers both the boolean structure of the network and the internal dynamics between no ←
→ distributed nlp ; in this paper we present the performance of parallel text processing with map reduce on a cloud platform . scientific papers in turkish language are processed using zemberek nlp library . experiments were run on a hadoop cluster and compared with the single machines performance .←
→ bayesian estimation of possible causal direction in the presence of latent confounders using a linear non - gaussian acyclic structural equation model with individual - specific effects ; we consider learning the possible causal direction of two observed variables in the presence of latent confounding variables . several existing methods have been shown to consistently estimate causal direction assuming linear or some type of nonlinear relationship and no latent confounders . however , the estimation results c ←
→ emerging from water : underwater image color correction based on weakly supervised color transfer ; underwater vision suffers from severe effects due to selective attenuation and scattering when light propagates through water . such degradation not only affects the quality of underwater images but limits the ability of vision tasks . different from existing methods which either ignore the wavelength dependency of the attenuation or assume a specific spectral profile , we tackle color distortion problem of und ←
→ photographic image synthesis with cascaded refinement networks ; we present an approach to synthesizing photographic images conditioned on semantic layouts . given a semantic label map , our approach produces an image with photographic appearance that conforms to the input layout . the approach thus functions as a rendering engine that takes a two - dimensional semantic specification of the scene and produces a corresponding photographic image . unlike recent and contemporaneous work , our approach does not rely o ←
→ toward high - performance online hccr : a cnn approach with dropdistortion , path signature and spatial stochastic max - pooling ; this paper presents an investigation of several techniques that increase the accuracy of online handwritten chinese character recognition ( hccr ). we propose a new training strategy named dropdistortion to train a deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ) with distorted samples . dropdistortion gradually lowers the degree of character distortion during training , which allows the dcnn t ←
→ deep stacking networks for low - resource chinese word segmentation with transfer learning ; in recent years , neural networks have proven to be effective in chinese word segmentation . however , this promising performance relies on large - scale training data . neural networks with conventional architectures cannot achieve the desired results in low - resource datasets due to the lack of labelled training data . in this paper , we propose a deep stacking framework to improve the performance on word segmentation task ←
→ summarizing encyclopedic term descriptions on the web ; we are developing an automatic method to compile an encyclopedic corpus from the web . in our previous work , paragraph - style descriptions for a term are extracted from web pages and organized based on domains . however , these descriptions are independent and do not comprise a condensed text as in hand - crafted encyclopedias . to resolve this problem , we propose a summarization method , which produces a single text from multiple descriptions . the resultant s ←
→ train on validation : squeezing the data lemon ; model selection on validation data is an essential step in machine learning . while the mixing of data between training and validation is considered taboo , practitioners often violate it to increase performance . here , we offer a simple , practical method for using the validation set for training , which allows for a continuous , controlled trade - off between performance and overfitting of model selection . we define the notion of on - average - validation - stable algorit ←
→ a survey of methods to ease the development of highly multilingual text mining applications ; multilingual text processing is useful because the information content found in different languages is complementary , both regarding facts and opinions . while information extraction and other text mining software can , in principle , be developed for many languages , most text analysis tools have only been applied to small sets of languages because the development effort per language is large . self - training tools ob ←
→ can we boost the power of the viola - jones face detector using pre - processing ? an empirical study ; the viola - jones face detection algorithm was ( and still is ) a quite popular face detector . in spite of the numerous face detection techniques that have been recently presented , there are many research works that are still based on the viola - jones algorithm because of its simplicity . in this paper , we study the influence of a set of blind pre - processing methods on the face detection rate using the viola - jones ←
→ semanticfusion : dense 3d semantic mapping with convolutional neural networks ; ever more robust , accurate and detailed mapping using visual sensing has proven to be an enabling factor for mobile robots across a wide variety of applications . for the next level of robot intelligence and intuitive user interaction , maps need extend beyond geometry and appearence - they need to contain semantics . we address this challenge by combining convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) and a state of the art dense simultane ←
→ gans for life : generative adversarial networks for likelihood free inference ; we introduce a framework using generative adversarial networks ( gans ) for likelihood -- free inference ( lfi ) and approximate bayesian computation ( abc ). our approach addresses both the key problems in likelihood -- free inference , namely how to compare distributions and how to efficiently explore the parameter space . our framework allows one to use the simulator model as a black box and leverage the power of deep networks to genera ←
→ detecting influenza outbreaks by analyzing twitter messages ; we analyze over 500 million twitter messages from an eight month period and find that tracking a small number of flu - related keywords allows us to forecast future influenza rates with high accuracy , obtaining a 95 % correlation with national health statistics . we then analyze the robustness of this approach to spurious keyword matches , and we propose a document classification component to filter these misleading messages . we find that this documen ←
→ dgcnn : disordered graph convolutional neural network based on the gaussian mixture model ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) can be applied to graph similarity matching , in which case they are called graph cnns . graph cnns are attracting increasing attention due to their effectiveness and efficiency . however , the existing convolution approaches focus only on regular data forms and require the transfer of the graph or key node neighborhoods of the graph into the same fixed form . during this transfer pro ←
→ adversarial patch ; we present a method to create universal , robust , targeted adversarial image patches in the real world . the patches are universal because they can be used to attack any scene , robust because they work under a wide variety of transformations , and targeted because they can cause a classifier to output any target class . these adversarial patches can be printed , added to any scene , photographed , and presented to image classifiers ; even when the patches are small , they cause the classifiers to ←
→ relation variables in qualitative spatial reasoning ; we study an alternative to the prevailing approach to modelling qualitative spatial reasoning ( qsr ) problems as constraint satisfaction problems . in the standard approach , a relation between objects is a constraint whereas in the alternative approach it is a variable . the relation - variable approach greatly simplifies integration and implementation of qsr . to substantiate this point , we discuss several qsr algorithms from the literature which in the relat ←
→ fast and robust curve skeletonization for real - world elongated objects ; we consider the problem of extracting curve skeletons of three - dimensional , elongated objects given a noisy surface , which has applications in agricultural contexts such as extracting the branching structure of plants . we describe an efficient and robust method based on breadth - first search that can determine curve skeletons in these contexts . our approach is capable of automatically detecting junction points as well as spurious segmen ←
→ functional connectivity patterns of autism spectrum disorder identified by deep feature learning ; autism spectrum disorder ( asd ) is regarded as a brain disease with globally disrupted neuronal networks . even though fmri studies have revealed abnormal functional connectivity in asd , they have not reached a consensus of the disrupted patterns . here , a deep learning - based feature extraction method identifies multivariate and nonlinear functional connectivity patterns of asd . resting - state fmri data of 972 s ←
→ the statistical trade - off between word order and word structure - large - scale evidence for the principle of least effort ; languages employ different strategies to transmit structural and grammatical information . while , for example , grammatical dependency relationships in sentences are mainly conveyed by the ordering of the words for languages like mandarin chinese , or vietnamese , the word ordering is much less restricted for languages such as inupiatun or quechua , as those languages ( also ) use the intern ←
→ stabilising experience replay for deep multi - agent reinforcement learning ; many real - world problems , such as network packet routing and urban traffic control , are naturally modeled as multi - agent reinforcement learning ( rl ) problems . however , existing multi - agent rl methods typically scale poorly in the problem size . therefore , a key challenge is to translate the success of deep learning on single - agent rl to the multi - agent setting . a major stumbling block is that independent q - learning , the most popula ←
→ parameter adjustment in bayes networks . the generalized noisy or - gate ; spiegelhalter and lauritzen [ 15 ] studied sequential learning in bayesian networks and proposed three models for the representation of conditional probabilities . a forth model , shown here , assumes that the parameter distribution is given by a product of gaussian functions and updates them from the _ and _r messages of evidence propagation . we also generalize the noisy or - gate for multivalued variables , develop the algorithm to compute pr ←
→ a novel method for automatic segmentation of brain tumors in mri images ; the brain tumor segmentation on mri images is a very difficult and important task which is used in surgical and medical planning and assessments . if experts do the segmentation manually with their own medical knowledge , it will be time - consuming . therefore , researchers propose methods and systems which can do the segmentation automatically and without any interference . in this article , an unsupervised automatic method for brain tumor ←
→ decision aids for adversarial planning in military operations : algorithms , tools , and turing - test - like experimental validation ; use of intelligent decision aids can help alleviate the challenges of planning complex operations . we describe integrated algorithms , and a tool capable of translating a high - level concept for a tactical military operation into a fully detailed , actionable plan , producing automatically ( or with human guidance ) plans with realistic degree of detail and of human - like quality . tigh ←
→ more robust doubly robust off - policy evaluation ; we study the problem of off - policy evaluation ( ope ) in reinforcement learning ( rl ), where the goal is to estimate the performance of a policy from the data generated by another policy ( ies ). in particular , we focus on the doubly robust ( dr ) estimators that consist of an importance sampling ( is ) component and a performance model , and utilize the low ( or zero ) bias of is and low variance of the model at the same time . although the accuracy of the model has a hu ←
→ bolt - on differential privacy for scalable stochastic gradient descent - based analytics ; while significant progress has been made separately on analytics systems for scalable stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) and private sgd , none of the major scalable analytics frameworks have incorporated differentially private sgd . there are two inter - related issues for this disconnect between research and practice : ( 1 ) low model accuracy due to added noise to guarantee privacy , and ( 2 ) high development and runtime over ←
→ seeing into darkness : scotopic visual recognition ; images are formed by counting how many photons traveling from a given set of directions hit an image sensor during a given time interval . when photons are few and far in between , the concept of ` image ' breaks down and it is best to consider directly the flow of photons . computer vision in this regime , which we call ` scotopic ', is radically different from the classical image - based paradigm in that visual computations ( classification , control , search ) have t ←
→ tensor sparse and low - rank based submodule clustering method for multi - way data ; a new submodule clustering method via sparse and low - rank representation for multi - way data is proposed in this paper . instead of reshaping multi - way data into vectors , this method maintains their natural orders to preserve data intrinsic structures , e . g ., image data kept as matrices . to implement clustering , the multi - way data , viewed as tensors , are represented by the proposed tensor sparse and low - rank model to obtain its ←
→ contextual bandits with latent confounders : an nmf approach ; motivated by online recommendation and advertising systems , we consider a causal model for stochastic contextual bandits with a latent low - dimensional confounder . in our model , there are $ l $ observed contexts and $ k $ arms of the bandit . the observed context influences the reward obtained through a latent confounder variable with cardinality $ m $ ($ m \ ll l , k $). the arm choice and the latent confounder causally determines the reward while the observ ←
→ hierarchical policy search via return - weighted density estimation ; learning an optimal policy from a multi - modal reward function is a challenging problem in reinforcement learning ( rl ). hierarchical rl ( hrl ) tackles this problem by learning a hierarchical policy , where multiple option policies are in charge of different strategies corresponding to modes of a reward function and a gating policy selects the best option for a given context . although hrl has been demonstrated to be promising , current state - of -←
→ statistically adaptive learning for a general class of cost functions ( sa l - bfgs ) ; we present a system that enables rapid model experimentation for tera - scale machine learning with trillions of non - zero features , billions of training examples , and millions of parameters . our contribution to the literature is a new method ( sa l - bfgs ) for changing batch l - bfgs to perform in near real - time by using statistical tools to balance the contributions of previous weights , old training examples , and new training ex ←
→ robust task clustering for deep many - task learning ; we investigate task clustering for deep - learning based multi - task and few - shot learning in a many - task setting . we propose a new method to measure task similarities with cross - task transfer performance matrix for the deep learning scenario . although this matrix provides us critical information regarding similarity between tasks , its asymmetric property and unreliable performance scores can affect conventional clustering methods adversely . additionally , th ←
→ flux : a logic programming method for reasoning agents ; flux is a programming method for the design of agents that reason logically about their actions and sensor information in the presence of incomplete knowledge . the core of flux is a system of constraint handling rules , which enables agents to maintain an internal model of their environment by which they control their own behavior . the general action representation formalism of the fluent calculus provides the formal semantics for the constraint solver .←
→ self - adaptation of genetic operators through genetic programming techniques ; here we propose an evolutionary algorithm that self modifies its operators at the same time that candidate solutions are evolved . this tackles convergence and lack of diversity issues , leading to better solutions . operators are represented as trees and are evolved using genetic programming ( gp ) techniques . the proposed approach is tested with real benchmark functions and an analysis of operator evolution is provided .←
→ context - dependent similarity ; attribute weighting and differential weighting , two major mechanisms for computing context - dependent similarity or dissimilarity measures are studied and compared . a dissimilarity measure based on subset size in the context is proposed and its metrization and application are given . it is also shown that while all attribute weighting dissimilarity measures are metrics differential weighting dissimilarity measures are usually non - metric .←
→ design and implementation of aggregate functions in the dlv system ; disjunctive logic programming ( dlp ) is a very expressive formalism : it allows for expressing every property of finite structures that is decidable in the complexity class sigmap2 (= np ^ np ). despite this high expressiveness , there are some simple properties , often arising in real - world applications , which cannot be encoded in a simple and natural manner . especially properties that require the use of arithmetic operators ( like sum , times , or ←
→ bag - of - words method applied to accelerometer measurements for the purpose of classification and energy estimation ; accelerometer measurements are the prime type of sensor information most think of when seeking to measure physical activity . on the market , there are many fitness measuring devices which aim to track calories burned and steps counted through the use of accelerometers . these measurements , though good enough for the average consumer , are noisy and unreliable in terms of the precision of measur ←
→ increasing server availability for overall system security : a preventive maintenance approach based on failure prediction ; server availability ( sa ) is an important measure of overall systems security . important security systems rely on the availability of their hosting servers to deliver critical security services . many of these servers offer management interface through web mainly using an apache server . this paper investigates the increase of server availability by the use of artificial neural networks ←
→ chainercv : a library for deep learning in computer vision ; despite significant progress of deep learning in the field of computer vision , there has not been a software library that covers these methods in a unifying manner . we introduce chainercv , a software library that is intended to fill this gap . chainercv supports numerous neural network models as well as software components needed to conduct research in computer vision . these implementations emphasize simplicity , flexibility and good software enginee ←
→ can computers create art ? ; this essay discusses whether computers , using artificial intelligence ( ai ), could create art . the first part concerns ai - based tools for assisting with art making . the history of technologies that automated aspects of art is covered , including photography and animation . in each case , we see initial fears and denial of the technology , followed by a blossoming of new creative and professional opportunities for artists . the hype and reality of artificial intelligence ( ai ) tools for ←
→ segmentation - aware convolutional networks using local attention masks ; we introduce an approach to integrate segmentation information within a convolutional neural network ( cnn ). this counter - acts the tendency of cnns to smooth information across regions and increases their spatial precision . to obtain segmentation information , we set up a cnn to provide an embedding space where region co - membership can be estimated based on euclidean distance . we use these embeddings to compute a local attention mask rela ←
→ one weird trick for parallelizing convolutional neural networks ; i present a new way to parallelize the training of convolutional neural networks across multiple gpus . the method scales significantly better than all alternatives when applied to modern convolutional neural networks .←
→ rdf2rules : learning rules from rdf knowledge bases by mining frequent predicate cycles ; recently , several large - scale rdf knowledge bases have been built and applied in many knowledge - based applications . to further increase the number of facts in rdf knowledge bases , logic rules can be used to predict new facts based on the existing ones . therefore , how to automatically learn reliable rules from large - scale knowledge bases becomes increasingly important . in this paper , we propose a novel rule learning ap ←
→ morphognosis : the shape of knowledge in space and time ; artificial intelligence research to a great degree focuses on the brain and behaviors that the brain generates . but the brain , an extremely complex structure resulting from millions of years of evolution , can be viewed as a solution to problems posed by an environment existing in space and time . the environment generates signals that produce sensory events within an organism . building an internal spatial and temporal model of the environment allows an ←
→ a hybrid primal heuristic for robust multiperiod network design ; we investigate the robust multiperiod network design problem , a generalization of the classical capacitated network design problem that additionally considers multiple design periods and provides solutions protected against traffic uncertainty . given the intrinsic difficulty of the problem , which proves challenging even for state - of - the art commercial solvers , we propose a hybrid primal heuristic based on the combination of ant colony optimiz ←
→ a novel information theoretic framework for finding semantic similarity in wordnet ; information content ( ic ) based measures for finding semantic similarity is gaining preferences day by day . semantics of concepts can be highly characterized by information theory . the conventional way for calculating ic is based on the probability of appearance of concepts in corpora . due to data sparseness and corpora dependency issues of those conventional approaches , a new corpora independent intrinsic ic calculation m ←
→ generating differentially private datasets using gans ; in this paper , we present a technique for generating artificial datasets that retain statistical properties of the real data while providing differential privacy guarantees with respect to this data . we include a gaussian noise layer in the discriminator of a generative adversarial network to make the output and the gradients differentially private with respect to the training data , and then use the generator component to synthesise privacy - preserving ←
→ unweighted stochastic local search can be effective for random csp benchmarks ; we present ulsa , a novel stochastic local search algorithm for random binary constraint satisfaction problems ( csp ). ulsa is many times faster than the prior state of the art on a widely - studied suite of random csp benchmarks . unlike the best previous methods for these benchmarks , ulsa is a simple unweighted method that does not require dynamic adaptation of weights or penalties . ulsa obtains new record best solutions satisfyi ←
→ rbir using interest regions and binary signatures ; in this paper , we introduce an approach to overcome the low accuracy of the content - based image retrieval ( cbir ) ( when using the global features ). to increase the accuracy , we use harris - laplace detector to identify the interest regions of image . then , we build the region - based image retrieval ( rbir ). for the efficient image storage and retrieval , we encode images into binary signatures . the binary signature of a image is created from its interest regions .←
→ a new model of array grammar for generating connected patterns on an image neighborhood ; study of patterns on images is recognized as an important step in characterization and classification of image . the ability to efficiently analyze and describe image patterns is thus of fundamental importance . the study of syntactic methods of describing pictures has been of interest for researchers . array grammars can be used to represent and recognize connected patterns . in any image the patterns are recognized usi ←
→ learning approximate inference networks for structured prediction ; structured prediction energy networks ( spens ; belanger & mccallum 2016 ) use neural network architectures to define energy functions that can capture arbitrary dependencies among parts of structured outputs . prior work used gradient descent for inference , relaxing the structured output to a set of continuous variables and then optimizing the energy with respect to them . we replace this use of gradient descent with a neural network trained to ←
→ rigid and non - rigid shape evolutions for shape alignment and recovery in images ; the same type of objects in different images may vary in their shapes because of rigid and non - rigid shape deformations , occluding foreground as well as cluttered background . the problem concerned in this work is the shape extraction in such challenging situations . we approach the shape extraction through shape alignment and recovery . this paper presents a novel and general method for shape alignment and recovery by using on ←
→ expected policy gradients ; we propose expected policy gradients ( epg ), which unify stochastic policy gradients ( spg ) and deterministic policy gradients ( dpg ) for reinforcement learning . inspired by expected sarsa , epg integrates across the action when estimating the gradient , instead of relying only on the action in the sampled trajectory . we establish a new general policy gradient theorem , of which the stochastic and deterministic policy gradient theorems are special cases . we also prove that epg reduces ←
→ conditional autoencoders with adversarial information factorization ; generative models , such as variational auto - encoders ( vae ) and generative adversarial networks ( gan ), have been immensely successful in approximating image statistics in computer vision . vaes are useful for unsupervised feature learning , while gans alleviate supervision by penalizing inaccurate samples using an adversarial game . in order to utilize benefits of these two approaches , we combine the vae under an adversarial setup with auxili ←
→ a meta - analysis of state - of - the - art electoral prediction from twitter data ; electoral prediction from twitter data is an appealing research topic . it seems relatively straightforward and the prevailing view is overly optimistic . this is problematic because while simple approaches are assumed to be good enough , core problems are not addressed . thus , this paper aims to ( 1 ) provide a balanced and critical review of the state of the art ; ( 2 ) cast light on the presume predictive power of twitter data ; and ( 3 )←
→ supporting dynamic ad hoc collaboration capabilities ; modern henp experiments such as cms and atlas involve as many as 2000 collaborators around the world . collaborations this large will be unable to meet often enough to support working closely together . many of the tools currently available for collaboration focus on heavy - weight applications such as videoconferencing tools . while these are important , there is a more basic need for tools that support connecting physicists to work together on an ad hoc or ←
→ larex - a semi - automatic open - source tool for layout analysis and region extraction on early printed books ; a semi - automatic open - source tool for layout analysis on early printed books is presented . larex uses a rule based connected components approach which is very fast , easily comprehensible for the user and allows an intuitive manual correction if necessary . the pagexml format is used to support integration into existing ocr workflows . evaluations showed that larex provides an efficient and flexible w ←
→ from causal models to counterfactual structures ; galles and pearl claimed that " for recursive models , the causal model framework does not add any restrictions to counterfactuals , beyond those imposed by lewis ' s [ possible - worlds ] framework ." this claim is examined carefully , with the goal of clarifying the exact relationship between causal models and lewis ' s framework . recursive models are shown to correspond precisely to a subclass of ( possible - world ) counterfactual structures . on the other hand , a slight ←
→ real - time bidding with multi - agent reinforcement learning in display advertising ; real - time advertising allows advertisers to bid for each impression for a visiting user . to optimize a specific goal such as maximizing the revenue led by ad placements , advertisers not only need to estimate the relevance between the ads and user ' s interests , but most importantly require a strategic response with respect to other advertisers bidding in the market . in this paper , we formulate bidding optimization with multi -←
→ lattice - based recurrent neural network encoders for neural machine translation ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) heavily relies on word - level modelling to learn semantic representations of input sentences . however , for languages without natural word delimiters ( e . g ., chinese ) where input sentences have to be tokenized first , conventional nmt is confronted with two issues : 1 ) it is difficult to find an optimal tokenization granularity for source sentence modelling , and 2 ) errors in 1 - best tokenizations ma ←
→ curvature prior for mrf - based segmentation and shape inpainting ; most image labeling problems such as segmentation and image reconstruction are fundamentally ill - posed and suffer from ambiguities and noise . higher order image priors encode high level structural dependencies between pixels and are key to overcoming these problems . however , these priors in general lead to computationally intractable models . this paper addresses the problem of discovering compact representations of higher order priors which a ←
→ improving gravitational search algorithm performance with artificial bee colony algorithm for constrained numerical optimization ; in this paper , we propose an improved gravitational search algorithm named gsabc . the algorithm improves gravitational search algorithm ( gsa ) results improved by using artificial bee colony algorithm ( abc ) to solve constrained numerical optimization problems . in gsa , solutions are attracted towards each other by applying gravitational forces , which depending on the masses assi ←
→ riemannian level - set methods for tensor - valued data ; we present a novel approach for the derivation of pde modeling curvature - driven flows for matrix - valued data . this approach is based on the riemannian geometry of the manifold of symmetric positive definite matrices pos ( n ).←
→ capturing hands in action using discriminative salient points and physics simulation ; hand motion capture is a popular research field , recently gaining more attention due to the ubiquity of rgb - d sensors . however , even most recent approaches focus on the case of a single isolated hand . in this work , we focus on hands that interact with other hands or objects and present a framework that successfully captures motion in such interaction scenarios for both rigid and articulated objects . our framework combin ←
→ bayesian mixture models for frequent itemset discovery ; in binary - transaction data - mining , traditional frequent itemset mining often produces results which are not straightforward to interpret . to overcome this problem , probability models are often used to produce more compact and conclusive results , albeit with some loss of accuracy . bayesian statistics have been widely used in the development of probability models in machine learning in recent years and these methods have many advantages , including their ←
→ real - time hand tracking under occlusion from an egocentric rgb - d sensor ; we present an approach for real - time , robust and accurate hand pose estimation from moving egocentric rgb - d cameras in cluttered real environments . existing methods typically fail for hand - object interactions in cluttered scenes imaged from egocentric viewpoints , common for virtual or augmented reality applications . our approach uses two subsequently applied convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to localize the hand and regress 3d join ←
→ recurrent models for situation recognition ; this work proposes recurrent neural network ( rnn ) models to predict structured ' image situations ' -- actions and noun entities fulfilling semantic roles related to the action . in contrast to prior work relying on conditional random fields ( crfs ), we use a specialized action prediction network followed by an rnn for noun prediction . our system obtains state - of - the - art accuracy on the challenging recent imsitu dataset , beating crf - based models , including ones train ←
→ dialog context language modeling with recurrent neural networks ; in this work , we propose contextual language models that incorporate dialog level discourse information into language modeling . previous works on contextual language model treat preceding utterances as a sequence of inputs , without considering dialog interactions . we design recurrent neural network ( rnn ) based contextual language models that specially track the interactions between speakers in a dialog . experiment results on switchboard dialo ←
→ searching scenes by abstracting things ; in this paper we propose to represent a scene as an abstraction of ' things '. we start from ' things ' as generated by modern object proposals , and we investigate their immediately observable properties : position , size , aspect ratio and color , and those only . where the recent successes and excitement of the field lie in object identification , we represent the scene composition independent of object identities . we make three contributions in this work . first , we study si ←
→ continual learning through synaptic intelligence ; while deep learning has led to remarkable advances across diverse applications , it struggles in domains where the data distribution changes over the course of learning . in stark contrast , biological neural networks continually adapt to changing domains , possibly by leveraging complex molecular machinery to solve many tasks simultaneously . in this study , we introduce intelligent synapses that bring some of this biological complexity into artificial neural ne ←
→ utilizing high - level visual feature for indoor shopping mall navigation ; towards robust and convenient indoor shopping mall navigation , we propose a novel learning - based scheme to utilize the high - level visual information from the storefront images captured by personal devices of users . specifically , we decompose the visual navigation problem into localization and map generation respectively . given a storefront input image , a novel feature fusion scheme ( denoted as fusionnet ) is proposed by fusing the dist ←
→ no need for a lexicon ? evaluating the value of the pronunciation lexica in end - to - end models ; for decades , context - dependent phonemes have been the dominant sub - word unit for conventional acoustic modeling systems . this status quo has begun to be challenged recently by end - to - end models which seek to combine acoustic , pronunciation , and language model components into a single neural network . such systems , which typically predict graphemes or words , simplify the recognition process since they remove the n ←
→ flow - guided feature aggregation for video object detection ; extending state - of - the - art object detectors from image to video is challenging . the accuracy of detection suffers from degenerated object appearances in videos , e . g ., motion blur , video defocus , rare poses , etc . existing work attempts to exploit temporal information on box level , but such methods are not trained end - to - end . we present flow - guided feature aggregation , an accurate and end - to - end learning framework for video object detection . it leve ←
→ finding optimal finite biological sequences over finite alphabets : the optifin toolbox ; in this paper , we present a toolbox for a specific optimization problem that frequently arises in bioinformatics or genomics . in this specific optimisation problem , the state space is a set of words of specified length over a finite alphabet . to each word is associated a score . the overall objective is to find the words which have the lowest possible score . this type of general optimization problem is encountered in e ←
→ model - ensemble trust - region policy optimization ; model - free reinforcement learning ( rl ) methods are succeeding in a growing number of tasks , aided by recent advances in deep learning . however , they tend to suffer from high sample complexity , which hinders their use in real - world domains . alternatively , model - based reinforcement learning promises to reduce sample complexity , but tends to require careful tuning and to date have succeeded mainly in restrictive domains where simple models are sufficient for le ←
→ aggregated sparse attention for steering angle prediction ; in this paper , we apply the attention mechanism to autonomous driving for steering angle prediction . we propose the first model , applying the recently introduced sparse attention mechanism to visual domain , as well as the aggregated extension for this model . we show the improvement of the proposed method , comparing to no attention as well as to different types of attention .←
→ assessing shape bias property of convolutional neural networks ; it is known that humans display " shape bias " when classifying new items , i . e ., they prefer to categorize objects based on their shape rather than color . convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are also designed to take into account the spatial structure of image data . in fact , experiments on image datasets , consisting of triples of a probe image , a shape - match and a color - match , have shown that one - shot learning models display shape bias as well .←
→ robust subspace outlier detection in high dimensional space ; rare data in a large - scale database are called outliers that reveal significant information in the real world . the subspace - based outlier detection is regarded as a feasible approach in very high dimensional space . however , the outliers found in subspaces are only part of the true outliers in high dimensional space , indeed . the outliers hidden in normal - clustered points are sometimes neglected in the projected dimensional subspace . in this paper ,←
→ writer - independent feature learning for offline signature verification using deep convolutional neural networks ; automatic offline handwritten signature verification has been researched over the last few decades from several perspectives , using insights from graphology , computer vision , signal processing , among others . in spite of the advancements on the field , building classifiers that can separate between genuine signatures and skilled forgeries ( forgeries made targeting a particular signature ) is stil ←
→ an inventory of preposition relations ; we describe an inventory of semantic relations that are expressed by prepositions . we define these relations by building on the word sense disambiguation task for prepositions and propose a mapping from preposition senses to the relation labels by collapsing semantically related senses across prepositions .←
→ datalog with constraints - an answer - set programming system ; answer - set programming ( asp ) has emerged recently as a viable programming paradigm well attuned to search problems in ai , constraint satisfaction and combinatorics . propositional logic is , arguably , the simplest asp system with an intuitive semantics supporting direct modeling of problem constraints . however , for some applications , especially those requiring that transitive closure be computed , it requires additional variables and results in larg ←
→ bayesian crack detection in ultra high resolution multimodal images of paintings ; the preservation of our cultural heritage is of paramount importance . thanks to recent developments in digital acquisition techniques , powerful image analysis algorithms are developed which can be useful non - invasive tools to assist in the restoration and preservation of art . in this paper we propose a semi - supervised crack detection method that can be used for high - dimensional acquisitions of paintings coming from differen ←
→ analysing domain shift factors between videos and images for object detection ; object detection is one of the most important challenges in computer vision . object detectors are usually trained on bounding - boxes from still images . recently , video has been used as an alternative source of data . yet , for a given test domain ( image or video ), the performance of the detector depends on the domain it was trained on . in this paper , we examine the reasons behind this performance gap . we define and evaluate diffe ←
→ uncertainty in neural network word embedding : exploration of threshold for similarity ; word embedding , specially with its recent developments , promises a quantification of the similarity between terms . however , it is not clear to which extent this similarity value can be genuinely meaningful and useful for subsequent tasks . we explore how the similarity score obtained from the models is really indicative of term relatedness . we first observe and quantify the uncertainty factor of the word embedding model ←
→ lasso based feature selection for malaria risk exposure prediction ; in life sciences , the experts generally use empirical knowledge to recode variables , choose interactions and perform selection by classical approach . the aim of this work is to perform automatic learning algorithm for variables selection which can lead to know if experts can be help in they decision or simply replaced by the machine and improve they knowledge and results . the lasso method can detect the optimal subset of variables for esti ←
→ combining the best of graphical models and convnets for semantic segmentation ; we present a two - module approach to semantic segmentation that incorporates convolutional networks ( cnns ) and graphical models . graphical models are used to generate a small ( 5 - 30 ) set of diverse segmentations proposals , such that this set has high recall . since the number of required proposals is so low , we can extract fairly complex features to rank them . our complex feature of choice is a novel cnn called segnet , which dire ←
→ order - embeddings of images and language ; hypernymy , textual entailment , and image captioning can be seen as special cases of a single visual - semantic hierarchy over words , sentences , and images . in this paper we advocate for explicitly modeling the partial order structure of this hierarchy . towards this goal , we introduce a general method for learning ordered representations , and show how it can be applied to a variety of tasks involving images and language . we show that the resulting representations impro ←
→ 3d face morphable models " in - the - wild " ; 3d morphable models ( 3dmms ) are powerful statistical models of 3d facial shape and texture , and among the state - of - the - art methods for reconstructing facial shape from single images . with the advent of new 3d sensors , many 3d facial datasets have been collected containing both neutral as well as expressive faces . however , all datasets are captured under controlled conditions . thus , even though powerful 3d facial shape models can be learnt from such data , it is diffic ←
→ stochastic conjugate gradient algorithm with variance reduction ; conjugate gradient methods are a class of important methods for solving linear equations and nonlinear optimization . in our work , we propose a new stochastic conjugate gradient algorithm with variance reduction ( cgvr ) and prove its linear convergence with the fletcher and revves method for strongly convex and smooth functions . we experimentally demonstrate that the cgvr algorithm converges faster than its counterparts for six large - scale opti ←
→ maximum classifier discrepancy for unsupervised domain adaptation ; in this work , we present a method for unsupervised domain adaptation ( uda ), where we aim to transfer knowledge from a label - rich domain ( i . e ., a source domain ) to an unlabeled domain ( i . e ., a target domain ). many adversarial learning methods have been proposed for this task . these methods train domain classifier networks ( i . e ., a discriminator ) to discriminate distinguish the features as either a source or target and train a feature generat ←
→ on the size of the online kernel sparsification dictionary ; we analyze the size of the dictionary constructed from online kernel sparsification , using a novel formula that expresses the expected determinant of the kernel gram matrix in terms of the eigenvalues of the covariance operator . using this formula , we are able to connect the cardinality of the dictionary with the eigen - decay of the covariance operator . in particular , we show that under certain technical conditions , the size of the dictionary will ←
→ polyhedrons and perceptrons are functionally equivalent ; mathematical definitions of polyhedrons and perceptron networks are discussed . the formalization of polyhedrons is done in a rather traditional way . for networks , previously proposed systems are developed . perceptron networks in disjunctive normal form ( dnf ) and conjunctive normal forms ( cnf ) are introduced . the main theme is that single output perceptron neural networks and characteristic functions of polyhedrons are one and the same class of functi ←
→ coupled depth learning ; in this paper we propose a method for estimating depth from a single image using a coarse to fine approach . we argue that modeling the fine depth details is easier after a coarse depth map has been computed . we express a global ( coarse ) depth map of an image as a linear combination of a depth basis learned from training examples . the depth basis captures spatial and statistical regularities and reduces the problem of global depth estimation to the task of predicting the input - specif ←
→ towards analytics aware ontology based access to static and streaming data ( extended version ) ; real - time analytics that requires integration and aggregation of heterogeneous and distributed streaming and static data is a typical task in many industrial scenarios such as diagnostics of turbines in siemens . obda approach has a great potential to facilitate such tasks ; however , it has a number of limitations in dealing with analytics that restrict its use in important industrial applications . based on our e ←
→ the mythos of model interpretability ; supervised machine learning models boast remarkable predictive capabilities . but can you trust your model ? will it work in deployment ? what else can it tell you about the world ? we want models to be not only good , but interpretable . and yet the task of interpretation appears underspecified . papers provide diverse and sometimes non - overlapping motivations for interpretability , and offer myriad notions of what attributes render models interpretable . despite this ambiguit ←
→ using the quantization error from self - organized map ( som ) output for detecting critical variability in large bodies of image time series in less than a minute ; the quantization error ( qe ) from som applied on time series of spatial contrast images with variable relative amount of white and dark pixel contents , as in monochromatic medical images or satellite images , is proven a reliable indicator of potentially critical changes in image homogeneity . the qe is shown to increase linearly with the variabil ←
→ leveraging weakly annotated data for fashion image retrieval and label prediction ; in this paper , we present a method to learn a visual representation adapted for e - commerce products . based on weakly supervised learning , our model learns from noisy datasets crawled on e - commerce website catalogs and does not require any manual labeling . we show that our representation can be used for downward classification tasks over clothing categories with different levels of granularity . we also demonstrate that the ←
→ steerable principal components for space - frequency localized images ; this paper describes a fast and accurate method for obtaining steerable principal components from a large dataset of images , assuming the images are well localized in space and frequency . the obtained steerable principal components are optimal for expanding the images in the dataset and all of their rotations . the method relies upon first expanding the images using a series of two - dimensional prolate spheroidal wave functions ( pswfs ), whe ←
→ a two - stage method for text line detection in historical documents ; this work presents a two - stage text line detection method for historical documents . in a first stage , a deep neural network called aru - net labels pixels to belong to one of the three classes : baseline , separator or other . the separator class marks beginning and end of each text line . the aru - net is trainable from scratch with manageably few manually annotated example images ( less than 50 ). this is achieved by utilizing data augmentation st ←
→ max k - armed bandit : on the extremehunter algorithm and beyond ; this paper is devoted to the study of the max k - armed bandit problem , which consists in sequentially allocating resources in order to detect extreme values . our contribution is twofold . we first significantly refine the analysis of the extremehunter algorithm carried out in carpentier and valko ( 2014 ), and next propose an alternative approach , showing that , remarkably , extreme bandits can be reduced to a classical version of the bandit problem ←
→ parcelingam : a causal ordering method robust against latent confounders ; we consider learning a causal ordering of variables in a linear non - gaussian acyclic model called lingam . several existing methods have been shown to consistently estimate a causal ordering assuming that all the model assumptions are correct . but , the estimation results could be distorted if some assumptions actually are violated . in this paper , we propose a new algorithm for learning causal orders that is robust against one typical v ←
→ how is a data - driven approach better than random choice in label space division for multi - label classification ? ; we propose using five data - driven community detection approaches from social networks to partition the label space for the task of multi - label classification as an alternative to random partitioning into equal subsets as performed by rakeld : modularity - maximizing fastgreedy and leading eigenvector , infomap , walktrap and label propagation algorithms . we construct a label co - occurence graph ( bot ←
→ robust deep - learning - based road - prediction for augmented reality navigation systems ; this paper proposes an approach that predicts the road course from camera sensors leveraging deep learning techniques . road pixels are identified by training a multi - scale convolutional neural network on a large number of full - scene - labeled night - time road images including adverse weather conditions . a framework is presented that applies the proposed approach to longer distance road course estimation , which is the basis ←
→ illustrating a neural model of logic computations : the case of sherlock holmes ' old maxim ; natural languages can express some logical propositions that humans are able to understand . we illustrate this fact with a famous text that conan doyle attributed to holmes : ' it is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible , whatever remains , however improbable , must be the truth '. this is a subtle logical statement usually felt as an evident truth . the problem we are trying to solve is the cog ←
→ text comparison using word vector representations and dimensionality reduction ; this paper describes a technique to compare large text sources using word vector representations ( word2vec ) and dimensionality reduction ( t - sne ) and how it can be implemented using python . the technique provides a bird ' s - eye view of text sources , e . g . text summaries and their source material , and enables users to explore text sources like a geographical map . word vector representations capture many linguistic properties such ←
→ adaptive evolution on neutral networks ; we study the evolution of large but finite asexual populations evolving in fitness landscapes in which all mutations are either neutral or strongly deleterious . we demonstrate that despite the absence of higher fitness genotypes , adaptation takes place as regions with more advantageous distributions of neutral genotypes are discovered . since these discoveries are typically rare events , the population dynamics can be subdivided into separate epochs , with rapid transit ←
→ automatic topography of high - dimensional data sets by non - parametric density peak clustering ; data analysis in high - dimensional spaces aims at obtaining a synthetic description of a data set , revealing its main structure and its salient features . we here introduce an approach for charting data spaces , providing a topography of the probability distribution from which the data are harvested . this topography includes information on the number and the height of the probability peaks , the depth of the " valley ←
→ collective prediction of individual mobility traces with exponential weights ; we present and test a sequential learning algorithm for the short - term prediction of human mobility . this novel approach pairs the exponential weights forecaster with a very large ensemble of experts . the experts are individual sequence prediction algorithms constructed from the mobility traces of 10 million roaming mobile phone users in a european country . average prediction accuracy is significantly higher than that of indivi ←
→ what does a textcnn learn ? ; textcnn , the convolutional neural network for text , is a useful deep learning algorithm for sentence classification tasks such as sentiment analysis and question classification . however , neural networks have long been known as black boxes because interpreting them is a challenging task . researchers have developed several tools to understand a cnn for image classification by deep visualization , but research about deep textcnns is still insufficient . in this paper , we are trying t ←
→ improving speech related facial action unit recognition by audiovisual information fusion ; it is challenging to recognize facial action unit ( au ) from spontaneous facial displays , especially when they are accompanied by speech . the major reason is that the information is extracted from a single source , i . e ., the visual channel , in the current practice . however , facial activity is highly correlated with voice in natural human communications . instead of solely improving visual observations , this paper pr ←
→ consistency of online random forests ; as a testament to their success , the theory of random forests has long been outpaced by their application in practice . in this paper , we take a step towards narrowing this gap by providing a consistency result for online random forests .←
→ a review of landmark articles in the field of co - evolutionary computing ; coevolution is a powerful tool in evolutionary computing that mitigates some of its endemic problems , namely stagnation in local optima and lack of convergence in high dimensionality problems . since its inception in 1990 , there are multiple articles that have contributed greatly to the development and improvement of the coevolutionary techniques . in this report we review some of those landmark articles dwelving in the techniques they ←
→ on spatial selectivity and prediction across conditions with fmri ; researchers in functional neuroimaging mostly use activation coordinates to formulate their hypotheses . instead , we propose to use the full statistical images to define regions of interest ( rois ). this paper presents two machine learning approaches , transfer learning and selection transfer , that are compared upon their ability to identify the common patterns between brain activation maps related to two functional tasks . we provide some prel ←
→ asp : a fast adversarial attack example generation framework based on adversarial saliency prediction ; with the excellent accuracy and feasibility , the neural networks have been widely applied into the novel intelligent applications and systems . however , with the appearance of the adversarial attack , the nn based system performance becomes extremely vulnerable : the image classification results can be arbitrarily misled by the adversarial examples , which are crafted images with human unperceivable pixel - leve ←
→ ampnet : asynchronous model - parallel training for dynamic neural networks ; new types of machine learning hardware in development and entering the market hold the promise of revolutionizing deep learning in a manner as profound as gpus . however , existing software frameworks and training algorithms for deep learning have yet to evolve to fully leverage the capability of the new wave of silicon . we already see the limitations of existing algorithms for models that exploit structured input via complex and insta ←
→ exploiting social tags for cross - domain collaborative filtering ; one of the most challenging problems in recommender systems based on the collaborative filtering ( cf ) concept is data sparseness , i . e ., limited user preference data is available for making recommendations . cross - domain collaborative filtering ( cdcf ) has been studied as an effective mechanism to alleviate data sparseness of one domain using the knowledge about user preferences from other domains . a key question to be answered in the context of ←
→ random forests : some methodological insights ; this paper examines from an experimental perspective random forests , the increasingly used statistical method for classification and regression problems introduced by leo breiman in 2001 . it first aims at confirming , known but sparse , advice for using random forests and at proposing some complementary remarks for both standard problems as well as high dimensional ones for which the number of variables hugely exceeds the sample size . but the main contribution of ←
→ are we done with object recognition ? the icub robot ' s perspective ; we report on an extensive study of the current benefits and limitations of deep learning approaches to robot vision and introduce a novel dataset used for our investigation . to avoid the biases in currently available datasets , we consider a human - robot interaction setting to design a data - acquisition protocol for visual object recognition on the icub humanoid robot . considering the performance of off - the - shelf models trained on off - line lar ←
→ deep contextual recurrent residual networks for scene labeling ; designed as extremely deep architectures , deep residual networks which provide a rich visual representation and offer robust convergence behaviors have recently achieved exceptional performance in numerous computer vision problems . being directly applied to a scene labeling problem , however , they were limited to capture long - range contextual dependence , which is a critical aspect . to address this issue , we propose a novel approach , contextual ←
→ embedded controlled languages ; inspired by embedded programming languages , an embedded cnl ( controlled natural language ) is a proper fragment of an entire natural language ( its host language ), but it has a parser that recognizes the entire host language . this makes it possible to process out - of - cnl input and give useful feedback to users , instead of just reporting syntax errors . this extended abstract explains the main concepts of embedded cnl implementation in gf ( grammatical framework ), with examples fro ←
→ training restricted boltzmann machine by perturbation ; a new approach to maximum likelihood learning of discrete graphical models and rbm in particular is introduced . our method , perturb and descend ( pd ) is inspired by two ideas ( i ) perturb and map method for sampling ( ii ) learning by contrastive divergence minimization . in contrast to perturb and map , pd leverages training data to learn the models that do not allow efficient map estimation . during the learning , to produce a sample from the current model , ←
→ learning filter bank sparsifying transforms ; data is said to follow the transform ( or analysis ) sparsity model if it becomes sparse when acted on by a linear operator called a sparsifying transform . several algorithms have been designed to learn such a transform directly from data , and data - adaptive sparsifying transforms have demonstrated excellent performance in signal restoration tasks . sparsifying transforms are typically learned using small sub - regions of data called patches , but these algorithms ofte ←
→ improving deep neural networks with probabilistic maxout units ; we present a probabilistic variant of the recently introduced maxout unit . the success of deep neural networks utilizing maxout can partly be attributed to favorable performance under dropout , when compared to rectified linear units . it however also depends on the fact that each maxout unit performs a pooling operation over a group of linear transformations and is thus partially invariant to changes in its input . starting from this observation ←
→ a study of foss ' 2013 survey data using clustering techniques ; foss is an acronym for free and open source software . the foss 2013 survey primarily targets foss contributors and relevant anonymized dataset is publicly available under cc by sa license . in this study , the dataset is analyzed from a critical perspective using statistical and clustering techniques ( especially multiple correspondence analysis ) with a strong focus on women contributors towards discovering hidden trends and facts . important infere ←
→ using pivot consistency to decompose and solve functional csps ; many studies have been carried out in order to increase the search efficiency of constraint satisfaction problems ; among them , some make use of structural properties of the constraint network ; others take into account semantic properties of the constraints , generally assuming that all the constraints possess the given property . in this paper , we propose a new decomposition method benefiting from both semantic properties of functional constrain ←
→ reactive policies with planning for action languages ; we describe a representation in a high - level transition system for policies that express a reactive behavior for the agent . we consider a target decision component that figures out what to do next and an ( online ) planning capability to compute the plans needed to reach these targets . our representation allows one to analyze the flow of executing the given reactive policy , and to determine whether it works as expected . additionally , the flexibility of th ←
→ multi - layer visualization for medical mixed reality ; medical mixed reality helps surgeons to contextualize intraoperative data with video of the surgical scene . nonetheless , the surgical scene and anatomical target are often occluded by surgical instruments and surgeon hands . in this paper and to our knowledge , we propose a multi - layer visualization in medical mixed reality solution which subtly improves a surgeon ' s visualization by making transparent the occluding objects . as an example scenario , we use a ←
→ incorporating road networks into territory design ; given a set of basic areas , the territory design problem asks to create a predefined number of territories , each containing at least one basic area , such that an objective function is optimized . desired properties of territories often include a reasonable balance , compact form , contiguity and small average journey times which are usually encoded in the objective function or formulated as constraints . we address the territory design problem by developing gr ←
→ learning compressible 360 ° video isomers ; standard video encoders developed for conventional narrow field - of - view video are widely applied to 360 {\ deg } video as well , with reasonable results . however , while this approach commits arbitrarily to a projection of the spherical frames , we observe that some orientations of a 360 {\ deg } video , once projected , are more compressible than others . we introduce an approach to predict the sphere rotation that will yield the maximal compression rate . given video clips in ←
→ multi - modal aggregation for video classification ; in this paper , we present a solution to large - scale video classification challenge ( lsvc2017 ) [ 1 ] that ranked the 1st place . we focused on a variety of modalities that cover visual , motion and audio . also , we visualized the aggregation process to better understand how each modality takes effect . among the extracted modalities , we found temporal - spatial features calculated by 3d convolution quite promising that greatly improved the performance . we attained t ←
→ learning uncertainty in regression tasks by artificial neural networks ; we suggest a general approach to quantification of different forms of uncertainty in regression tasks performed by artificial neural networks . it is based on the simultaneous training of two neural networks with a joint loss function . one of the networks performs predictions and the other simultaneously quantifies the uncertainty of predictions by estimating the locally averaged loss of the first one . unlike in many classical uncertain ←
→ mixed membership stochastic blockmodels ; observations consisting of measurements on relationships for pairs of objects arise in many settings , such as protein interaction and gene regulatory networks , collections of author - recipient email , and social networks . analyzing such data with probabilisic models can be delicate because the simple exchangeability assumptions underlying many boilerplate models no longer hold . in this paper , we describe a latent variable model of such data called the mixed membership ←
→ probabilistic image colorization ; we develop a probabilistic technique for colorizing grayscale natural images . in light of the intrinsic uncertainty of this task , the proposed probabilistic framework has numerous desirable properties . in particular , our model is able to produce multiple plausible and vivid colorizations for a given grayscale image and is one of the first colorization models to provide a proper stochastic sampling scheme . moreover , our training procedure is supported by a rigorous theoreti ←
→ anytime inference in valuation algebras ; anytime inference is inference performed incrementally , with the accuracy of the inference being controlled by a tunable parameter , usually time . such anytime inference algorithms are also usually interruptible , gradually converging to the exact inference value until terminated . while anytime inference algorithms for specific domains like probability potentials exist in the literature , our objective in this article is to obtain an anytime inference algorithm which i ←
→ semi - supervised prediction of gene regulatory networks using machine learning algorithms ; use of computational methods to predict gene regulatory networks ( grns ) from gene expression data is a challenging task . many studies have been conducted using unsupervised methods to fulfill the task ; however , such methods usually yield low prediction accuracies due to the lack of training data . in this article , we propose semi - supervised methods for grn prediction by utilizing two machine learning algorithms , name ←
→ efficient refinement of gps - based localization in urban areas using visual information and sensor parameter ; an efficient method is proposed for refining gps - acquired location coordinates in urban areas using camera images , google street view ( gsv ) and sensor parameters . the main goal is to compensate for gps location imprecision in dense area of cities due to proximity to walls and buildings . avail - able methods for better localization often use visual information by using query images acquired with came ←
→ a dual approach to scalable verification of deep networks ; this paper addresses the problem of formally verifying desirable properties of neural networks , i . e ., obtaining provable guarantees that the outputs of the neural network will always behave in a certain way for a given class of inputs . most previous work on this topic was limited in its applicability by the size of the network , network architecture and the complexity of properties to be verified . in contrast , our framework applies to much more gene ←
→ fast solving of weighted pairing least - squares systems ; this paper presents a generalization of the " weighted least - squares " ( wls ), named " weighted pairing least - squares " ( wpls ), which uses a rectangular weight matrix and is suitable for data alignment problems . two fast solving methods , suitable for solving full rank systems as well as rank deficient systems , are studied . computational experiments clearly show that the best method , in terms of speed , accuracy , and numerical stability , is based on a specia ←
→ active search for sparse signals with region sensing ; autonomous systems can be used to search for sparse signals in a large space ; e . g ., aerial robots can be deployed to localize threats , detect gas leaks , or respond to distress calls . intuitively , search algorithms may increase efficiency by collecting aggregate measurements summarizing large contiguous regions . however , most existing search methods either ignore the possibility of such region observations ( e . g ., bayesian optimization and multi - armed ban ←
→ focused model - learning and planning for non - gaussian continuous state - action systems ; we introduce a framework for model learning and planning in stochastic domains with continuous state and action spaces and non - gaussian transition models . it is efficient because ( 1 ) local models are estimated only when the planner requires them ; ( 2 ) the planner focuses on the most relevant states to the current planning problem ; and ( 3 ) the planner focuses on the most informative and / or high - value actions . our theoreti ←
→ online supervised hashing for ever - growing datasets ; supervised hashing methods are widely - used for nearest neighbor search in computer vision applications . most state - of - the - art supervised hashing approaches employ batch - learners . unfortunately , batch - learning strategies can be inefficient when confronted with large training datasets . moreover , with batch - learners , it is unclear how to adapt the hash functions as a dataset continues to grow and diversify over time . yet , in many practical scenarios the dat ←
→ processing natural language about ongoing actions ; actions may not proceed as planned ; they may be interrupted , resumed or overridden . this is a challenge to handle in a natural language understanding system . we describe extensions to an existing implementation for the control of autonomous systems by natural language , to enable such systems to handle incoming language requests regarding actions . language communication with autonomous systems ( lcas ) has been extended with support for x - nets , parameterized ←
→ adaptive foreground and shadow detection inimage sequences ; this paper presents a novel method of foreground segmentation that distinguishes moving objects from their moving cast shadows in monocular image sequences . the models of background , edge information , and shadow are set up and adaptively updated . a bayesian belief network is proposed to describe the relationships among the segmentation label , background , intensity , and edge information . the notion of markov random field is used to encourage the sp ←
→ logistic tensor factorization for multi - relational data ; tensor factorizations have become increasingly popular approaches for various learning tasks on structured data . in this work , we extend the rescal tensor factorization , which has shown state - of - the - art results for multi - relational learning , to account for the binary nature of adjacency tensors . we study the improvements that can be gained via this approach on various benchmark datasets and show that the logistic extension can improve the prediction ←
→ a functional view of strong negation in answer set programming ; the distinction between strong negation and default negation has been useful in answer set programming . we present an alternative account of strong negation , which lets us view strong negation in terms of the functional stable model semantics by bartholomew and lee . more specifically , we show that , under complete interpretations , minimizing both positive and negative literals in the traditional answer set semantics is essentially the same as e ←
→ approximate kalman filter q - learning for continuous state - space mdps ; we seek to learn an effective policy for a markov decision process ( mdp ) with continuous states via q - learning . given a set of basis functions over state action pairs we search for a corresponding set of linear weights that minimizes the mean bellman residual . our algorithm uses a kalman filter model to estimate those weights and we have developed a simpler approximate kalman filter model that outperforms the current state of the art pro ←
→ removal of salt and pepper noise from gray - scale and color images : an adaptive approach ; an efficient adaptive algorithm for the removal of salt and pepper noise from gray scale and color image is presented in this paper . in this proposed method first a 3x3 window is taken and the central pixel of the window is considered as the processing pixel . if the processing pixel is found as uncorrupted , then it is left unchanged . and if the processing pixel is found corrupted one , then the window size is increase ←
→ stochastic downsampling for cost - adjustable inference and improved regularization in convolutional networks ; it is desirable to train convolutional networks ( cnns ) to run more efficiently during inference . in many cases however , the computational budget that the system has for inference cannot be known beforehand during training , or the inference budget is dependent on the changing real - time resource availability . thus , it is inadequate to train just inference - efficient cnns , whose inference costs are no ←
→ automatic channel network extraction from remotely sensed images by singularity analysis ; quantitative analysis of channel networks plays an important role in river studies . to provide a quantitative representation of channel networks , we propose a new method that extracts channels from remotely sensed images and estimates their widths . our fully automated method is based on a recently proposed multiscale singularity index that responds strongly to curvilinear structures but weakly to edges . the algorith ←
→ logic - based specification languages for intelligent software agents ; the research field of agent - oriented software engineering ( aose ) aims to find abstractions , languages , methodologies and toolkits for modeling , verifying , validating and prototyping complex applications conceptualized as multiagent systems ( mass ). a very lively research sub - field studies how formal methods can be used for aose . this paper presents a detailed survey of six logic - based executable agent specification languages that have been ←
→ pixel - variant local homography for fisheye stereo rectification minimizing resampling distortion ; large field - of - view fisheye lens cameras have attracted more and more researchers ' attention in the field of robotics . however , there does not exist a convenient off - the - shelf stereo rectification approach which can be applied directly to fisheye stereo rig . one obvious drawback of existing methods is that the resampling distortion ( which is defined as the loss of pixels due to under - sampling and the creatio ←
→ combination of diverse ranking models for personalized expedia hotel searches ; the icdm challenge 2013 is to apply machine learning to the problem of hotel ranking , aiming to maximize purchases according to given hotel characteristics , location attractiveness of hotels , user ' s aggregated purchase history and competitive online travel agency information for each potential hotel choice . this paper describes the solution of team " binghsu & mlrush & brickmover ". we conduct simple feature engineering work and ←
→ improving lexical choice in neural machine translation ; we explore two solutions to the problem of mistranslating rare words in neural machine translation . first , we argue that the standard output layer , which computes the inner product of a vector representing the context with all possible output word embeddings , rewards frequent words disproportionately , and we propose to fix the norms of both vectors to a constant value . second , we integrate a simple lexical module which is jointly trained with the rest ←
→ collective intelligence for control of distributed dynamical systems ; we consider the el farol bar problem , also known as the minority game ( w . b . arthur , `` the american economic review '', 84 ( 2 ): 406 -- 411 ( 1994 ), d . challet and y . c . zhang , `` physica a '', 256 : 514 ( 1998 )). we view it as an instance of the general problem of how to configure the nodal elements of a distributed dynamical system so that they do not `` work at cross purposes '', in that their collective dynamics avoids frustration and thereby achi ←
→ temporal pattern mining from evolving networks ; recently , evolving networks are becoming a suitable form to model many real - world complex systems , due to their peculiarities to represent the systems and their constituting entities , the interactions between the entities and the time - variability of their structure and properties . designing computational models able to analyze evolving networks becomes relevant in many applications . the goal of this research project is to evaluate the possible contribution of ←
→ interactive data integration through smart copy & paste ; in many scenarios , such as emergency response or ad hoc collaboration , it is critical to reduce the overhead in integrating data . ideally , one could perform the entire process interactively under one unified interface : defining extractors and wrappers for sources , creating a mediated schema , and adding schema mappings ? while seeing how these impact the integrated view of the data , and refining the design accordingly . we propose a novel smart copy ←
→ agnostically learning juntas from random walks ; we prove that the class of functions g :{- 1 ,+ 1 }^ n -> {- 1 ,+ 1 } that only depend on an unknown subset of k << n variables ( so - called k - juntas ) is agnostically learnable from a random walk in time polynomial in n , 2 ^{ k ^ 2 }, epsilon ^{- k }, and log ( 1 / delta ). in other words , there is an algorithm with the claimed running time that , given epsilon , delta > 0 and access to a random walk on {- 1 ,+ 1 }^ n labeled by an arbitrary function f :{- 1 ,+ 1 }^ n -> {- 1 ,+ 1 }, finds with probabi ←
→ large margin boltzmann machines and large margin sigmoid belief networks ; current statistical models for structured prediction make simplifying assumptions about the underlying output graph structure , such as assuming a low - order markov chain , because exact inference becomes intractable as the tree - width of the underlying graph increases . approximate inference algorithms , on the other hand , force one to trade off representational power with computational efficiency . in this paper , we propose two new types ←
→ compositional morphology for word representations and language modelling ; this paper presents a scalable method for integrating compositional morphological representations into a vector - based probabilistic language model . our approach is evaluated in the context of log - bilinear language models , rendered suitably efficient for implementation inside a machine translation decoder by factoring the vocabulary . we perform both intrinsic and extrinsic evaluations , presenting results on a range of languages which ←
→ video in sentences out ; we present a system that produces sentential descriptions of video : who did what to whom , and where and how they did it . action class is rendered as a verb , participant objects as noun phrases , properties of those objects as adjectival modifiers in those noun phrases , spatial relations between those participants as prepositional phrases , and characteristics of the event as prepositional - phrase adjuncts and adverbial modifiers . extracting the information needed to render these linguis ←
→ clustering assisted fundamental matrix estimation ; in computer vision , the estimation of the fundamental matrix is a basic problem that has been extensively studied . the accuracy of the estimation imposes a significant influence on subsequent tasks such as the camera trajectory determination and 3d reconstruction . in this paper we propose a new method for fundamental matrix estimation that makes use of clustering a group of 4d vectors . the key insight is the observation that among the 4d vectors constructe ←
→ which neural net architectures give rise to exploding and vanishing gradients ? ; we give a rigorous analysis of the statistical behavior of gradients in randomly initialized feed - forward networks with relu activations . our results show that a fully connected depth $ d $ relu net with hidden layer widths $ n_j $ will have exploding and vanishing gradients if and only if $\ sum_ { j = 1 }^{ d - 1 } 1 / n_j $ is large . the point of view of this article is that whether a given neural net will have exploding / vanishing gradient ←
→ retrieval - augmented convolutional neural networks for improved robustness against adversarial examples ; we propose a retrieval - augmented convolutional network and propose to train it with local mixup , a novel variant of the recently proposed mixup algorithm . the proposed hybrid architecture combining a convolutional network and an off - the - shelf retrieval engine was designed to mitigate the adverse effect of off - manifold adversarial examples , while the proposed local mixup addresses on - manifold ones by ex ←
→ adaptive relaxed admm : convergence theory and practical implementation ; many modern computer vision and machine learning applications rely on solving difficult optimization problems that involve non - differentiable objective functions and constraints . the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) is a widely used approach to solve such problems . relaxed admm is a generalization of admm that often achieves better performance , but its efficiency depends strongly on algorithm parameters that must be c ←
→ vicious circle principle and formation of sets in asp based languages ; the paper continues the investigation of poincare and russel ' s vicious circle principle ( vcp ) in the context of the design of logic programming languages with sets . we expand previously introduced language alog with aggregates by allowing infinite sets and several additional set related constructs useful for knowledge representation and teaching . in addition , we propose an alternative formalization of the original vcp and incorporate it ←
→ sr - clustering : semantic regularized clustering for egocentric photo streams segmentation ; while wearable cameras are becoming increasingly popular , locating relevant information in large unstructured collections of egocentric images is still a tedious and time consuming processes . this paper addresses the problem of organizing egocentric photo streams acquired by a wearable camera into semantically meaningful segments . first , contextual and semantic information is extracted for each image by employing a ←
→ scale - recurrent network for deep image deblurring ; in single image deblurring , the " coarse - to - fine " scheme , i . e . gradually restoring the sharp image on different resolutions in a pyramid , is very successful in both traditional optimization - based methods and recent neural - network - based approaches . in this paper , we investigate this strategy and propose a scale - recurrent network ( srn - deblurnet ) for this deblurring task . compared with the many recent learning - based approaches in [ 25 ], it has a simpler network ←
→ character - level convolutional network for text classification applied to chinese corpus ; this article provides an interesting exploration of character - level convolutional neural network solving chinese corpus text classification problem . we constructed a large - scale chinese language dataset , and the result shows that character - level convolutional neural network works better on chinese corpus than its corresponding pinyin format dataset . this is the first time that character - level convolutional neural net ←
→ graph learning from data under structural and laplacian constraints ; graphs are fundamental mathematical structures used in various fields to represent data , signals and processes . in this paper , we propose a novel framework for learning / estimating graphs from data . the proposed framework includes ( i ) formulation of various graph learning problems , ( ii ) their probabilistic interpretations and ( iii ) associated algorithms . specifically , graph learning problems are posed as estimation of graph laplacian matri ←
→ formalizing preference utilitarianism in physical world models ; most ethical work is done at a low level of formality . this makes practical moral questions inaccessible to formal and natural sciences and can lead to misunderstandings in ethical discussion . in this paper , we use bayesian inference to introduce a formalization of preference utilitarianism in physical world models , specifically cellular automata . even though our formalization is not immediately applicable , it is a first step in providing ethi ←
→ saliency preservation in low - resolution grayscale images ; visual salience detection originated over 500 million years ago and is one of the most efficient mechanisms in nature . in contrast , state - of - the - art computational saliency models are often complex and inefficient , primarily because they process high - resolution color ( hc ) images . insights into the evolutionary origins of visual salience detection suggest that achromatic low - resolution vision is essential to its speed and efficiency . previous studies ←
→ discrete symbolic optimization and boltzmann sampling by continuous neural dynamics : gradient symbolic computation ; gradient symbolic computation is proposed as a means of solving discrete global optimization problems using a neurally plausible continuous stochastic dynamical system . gradient symbolic dynamics involves two free parameters that must be adjusted as a function of time to obtain the global maximizer at the end of the computation . we provide a summary of what is known about the gsc dynamics f ←
→ measuring similarity of graphs and their nodes by neighbor matching ; the problem of measuring similarity of graphs and their nodes is important in a range of practical problems . there is a number of proposed measures , some of them being based on iterative calculation of similarity between two graphs and the principle that two nodes are as similar as their neighbors are . in our work , we propose one novel method of that sort , with a refined concept of similarity of two nodes that involves matching of their n ←
→ the hasyv2 dataset ; this paper describes the hasyv2 dataset . hasy is a publicly available , free of charge dataset of single symbols similar to mnist . it contains 168233 instances of 369 classes . hasy contains two challenges : a classification challenge with 10 pre - defined folds for 10 - fold cross - validation and a verification challenge .←
→ learning to play games in extensive form by valuation ; a valuation for a player in a game in extensive form is an assignment of numeric values to the players moves . the valuation reflects the desirability moves . we assume a myopic player , who chooses a move with the highest valuation . valuations can also be revised , and hopefully improved , after each play of the game . here , a very simple valuation revision is considered , in which the moves made in a play are assigned the payoff obtained in the play . we sho ←
→ a discriminative view of mrf pre - processing algorithms ; while markov random fields ( mrfs ) are widely used in computer vision , they present a quite challenging inference problem . mrf inference can be accelerated by pre - processing techniques like dead end elimination ( dee ) or qpbo - based approaches which compute the optimal labeling of a subset of variables . these techniques are guaranteed to never wrongly label a variable but they often leave a large number of variables unlabeled . we address this shortcoming ←
→ large scale empirical risk minimization via truncated adaptive newton method ; we consider large scale empirical risk minimization ( erm ) problems , where both the problem dimension and variable size is large . in these cases , most second order methods are infeasible due to the high cost in both computing the hessian over all samples and computing its inverse in high dimensions . in this paper , we propose a novel adaptive sample size second - order method , which reduces the cost of computing the hessian by solv ←
→ thoughts on massively scalable gaussian processes ; we introduce a framework and early results for massively scalable gaussian processes ( msgp ), significantly extending the kiss - gp approach of wilson and nickisch ( 2015 ). the msgp framework enables the use of gaussian processes ( gps ) on billions of datapoints , without requiring distributed inference , or severe assumptions . in particular , msgp reduces the standard $ o ( n ^ 3 )$ complexity of gp learning and inference to $ o ( n )$, and the standard $ o ( n ^ 2 )$ complexity ←
→ optimal warping paths are unique for almost every pair of time series ; update rules for learning in dynamic time warping spaces are based on optimal warping paths between parameter and input time series . in general , optimal warping paths are not unique resulting in adverse effects in theory and practice . under the assumption of squared error local costs , we show that no two warping paths have identical costs almost everywhere in a measure - theoretic sense . two direct consequences of this result are : ( i ) opt ←
→ pafimocs : particle filtered modified - cs and applications in visual tracking across illumination change ; we study the problem of tracking ( causally estimating ) a time sequence of sparse spatial signals with changing sparsity patterns , as well as other unknown states , from a sequence of nonlinear observations corrupted by ( possibly ) non - gaussian noise . in many applications , particularly those in visual tracking , the unknown state can be split into a small dimensional part , e . g . global motion , and a spatial ←
→ higher - order factorization machines ; factorization machines ( fms ) are a supervised learning approach that can use second - order feature combinations even when the data is very high - dimensional . unfortunately , despite increasing interest in fms , there exists to date no efficient training algorithm for higher - order fms ( hofms ). in this paper , we present the first generic yet efficient algorithms for training arbitrary - order hofms . we also present new variants of hofms with shared parameters , which greatly red ←
→ geometric primitive feature extraction - concepts , algorithms , and applications ; this thesis presents important insights and concepts related to the topic of the extraction of geometric primitives from the edge contours of digital images . three specific problems related to this topic have been studied , viz ., polygonal approximation of digital curves , tangent estimation of digital curves , and ellipse fitting anddetection from digital curves . for the problem of polygonal approximation , two fundamental prob ←
→ block coordinate descent for sparse nmf ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) has become a ubiquitous tool for data analysis . an important variant is the sparse nmf problem which arises when we explicitly require the learnt features to be sparse . a natural measure of sparsity is the l $ _0 $ norm , however its optimization is np - hard . mixed norms , such as l $ _1 $/ l $ _2 $ measure , have been shown to model sparsity robustly , based on intuitive attributes that such measures need to satisfy . this is in contrast to c ←
→ dp - em : differentially private expectation maximization ; the iterative nature of the expectation maximization ( em ) algorithm presents a challenge for privacy - preserving estimation , as each iteration increases the amount of noise needed . we propose a practical private em algorithm that overcomes this challenge using two innovations : ( 1 ) a novel moment perturbation formulation for differentially private em ( dp - em ), and ( 2 ) the use of two recently developed composition methods to bound the privacy " cost " of mu ←
→ neural machine translation with pivot languages ; while recent neural machine translation approaches have delivered state - of - the - art performance for resource - rich language pairs , they suffer from the data scarcity problem for resource - scarce language pairs . although this problem can be alleviated by exploiting a pivot language to bridge the source and target languages , the source - to - pivot and pivot - to - target translation models are usually independently trained . in this work , we introduce a joint training al ←
→ a graph - based inference method for conditional independence ; the graphoid axioms for conditional independence , originally described by dawid [ 1979 ], are fundamental to probabilistic reasoning [ pearl , 19881 . such axioms provide a mechanism for manipulating conditional independence assertions without resorting to their numerical definition . this paper explores a representation for independence statements using multiple undirected graphs and some simple graphical transformations . the independence statements d ←
→ dimensionality invariant similarity measure ; this paper presents a new similarity measure to be used for general tasks including supervised learning , which is represented by the k - nearest neighbor classifier ( knn ). the proposed similarity measure is invariant to large differences in some dimensions in the feature space . the proposed metric is proved mathematically to be a metric . to test its viability for different applications , the knn used the proposed metric for classifying test examples chosen from a n ←
→ personalized automatic estimation of self - reported pain intensity from facial expressions ; pain is a personal , subjective experience that is commonly evaluated through visual analog scales ( vas ). while this is often convenient and useful , automatic pain detection systems can reduce pain score acquisition efforts in large - scale studies by estimating it directly from the participants ' facial expressions . in this paper , we propose a novel two - stage learning approach for vas estimation : first , our algorithm ←
→ using state space differential geometry for nonlinear blind source separation ; given a time series of multicomponent measurements of an evolving stimulus , nonlinear blind source separation ( bss ) seeks to find a " source " time series , comprised of statistically independent combinations of the measured components . in this paper , we seek a source time series with local velocity cross correlations that vanish everywhere in stimulus state space . however , in an earlier paper the local velocity correlation matri ←
→ land - cover classification and mapping for eastern himalayan state sikkim ; area of classifying satellite imagery has become a challenging task in current era where there is tremendous growth in settlement i . e . construction of buildings , roads , bridges , dam etc . this paper suggests an improvised k - means and artificial neural network ( ann ) classifier for land - cover mapping of eastern himalayan state sikkim . the improvised k - means algorithm shows satisfactory results compared to existing methods that includes ←
→ an evaluation of popular copy - move forgery detection approaches ; a copy - move forgery is created by copying and pasting content within the same image , and potentially post - processing it . in recent years , the detection of copy - move forgeries has become one of the most actively researched topics in blind image forensics . a considerable number of different algorithms have been proposed focusing on different types of postprocessed copies . in this paper , we aim to answer which copy - move forgery detection algorit ←
→ learning best k analogies from data distribution for case - based software effort estimation ; case - based reasoning ( cbr ) has been widely used to generate good software effort estimates . the predictive performance of cbr is a dataset dependent and subject to extremely large space of configuration possibilities . regardless of the type of adaptation technique , deciding on the optimal number of similar cases to be used before applying cbr is a key challenge . in this paper we propose a new technique based on bi ←
→ pose - selective max pooling for measuring similarity ; in this paper , we deal with two challenges for measuring the similarity of the subject identities in practical video - based face recognition - the variation of the head pose in uncontrolled environments and the computational expense of processing videos . since the frame - wise feature mean is unable to characterize the pose diversity among frames , we define and preserve the overall pose diversity and closeness in a video . then , identity will be the only sou ←
→ experience replay using transition sequences ; experience replay is one of the most commonly used approaches to improve the sample efficiency of reinforcement learning algorithms . in this work , we propose an approach to select and replay sequences of transitions in order to accelerate the learning of a reinforcement learning agent in an off - policy setting . in addition to selecting appropriate sequences , we also artificially construct transition sequences using information gathered from previous agent - enviro ←
→ visual recognition of isolated swedish sign language signs ; we present a method for recognition of isolated swedish sign language signs . the method will be used in a game intended to help children training signing at home , as a complement to training with a teacher . the target group is not primarily deaf children , but children with language disorders . using sign language as a support in conversation has been shown to greatly stimulate the speech development of such children . the signer is captured with an ←
→ electricity demand and energy consumption management system ; this project describes the electricity demand and energy consumption management system and its application to southern peru smelter . it is composed of an hourly demand - forecasting module and of a simulation component for a plant electrical system . the first module was done using dynamic neural networks with backpropagation training algorithm ; it is used to predict the electric power demanded every hour , with an error percentage below of 1 %. this ←
→ a digital fuzzy edge detector for color images ; edge detection is a classic problem in the field of image processing , which lays foundations for other tasks such as image segmentation . conventionally , this operation is performed using gradient operators such as the roberts or sobel operator , which can discover local changes in intensity levels . these operators , however , perform poorly on low contrast images . in this paper , we propose an edge detector architecture for color images based on fuzzy theory and ←
→ modeling human understanding of complex intentional action with a bayesian nonparametric subgoal model ; most human behaviors consist of multiple parts , steps , or subtasks . these structures guide our action planning and execution , but when we observe others , the latent structure of their actions is typically unobservable , and must be inferred in order to learn new skills by demonstration , or to assist others in completing their tasks . for example , an assistant who has learned the subgoal structure of a co ←
→ synthesizing novel pairs of image and text ; generating novel pairs of image and text is a problem that combines computer vision and natural language processing . in this paper , we present strategies for generating novel image and caption pairs based on existing captioning datasets . the model takes advantage of recent advances in generative adversarial networks and sequence - to - sequence modeling . we make generalizations to generate paired samples from multiple domains . furthermore , we study cycles -- generati ←
→ hashing in the zero shot framework with domain adaptation ; techniques to learn hash codes which can store and retrieve large dimensional multimedia data efficiently have attracted broad research interests in the recent years . with rapid explosion of newly emerged concepts and online data , existing supervised hashing algorithms suffer from the problem of scarcity of ground truth annotations due to the high cost of obtaining manual annotations . therefore , we propose an algorithm to learn a hash function from ←
→ a relativistic extension of hopfield neural networks via the mechanical analogy ; we propose a modification of the cost function of the hopfield model whose salient features shine in its taylor expansion and result in more than pairwise interactions with alternate signs , suggesting a unified framework for handling both with deep learning and network pruning . in our analysis , we heavily rely on the hamilton - jacobi correspondence relating the statistical model with a mechanical system . in this picture , our ←
→ write a classifier : predicting visual classifiers from unstructured text ; people typically learn through exposure to visual concepts associated with linguistic descriptions . for instance , teaching visual object categories to children is often accompanied by descriptions in text or speech . in a machine learning context , these observations motivates us to ask whether this learning process could be computationally modeled to learn visual classifiers . more specifically , the main question of this work is how to ←
→ biobjective performance assessment with the coco platform ; this document details the rationales behind assessing the performance of numerical black - box optimizers on multi - objective problems within the coco platform and in particular on the biobjective test suite bbob - biobj . the evaluation is based on a hypervolume of all non - dominated solutions in the archive of candidate solutions and measures the runtime until the hypervolume value succeeds prescribed target values .←
→ real - time on - demand crowd - powered entity extraction ; output - agreement mechanisms such as esp game have been widely used in human computation to obtain reliable human - generated labels . in this paper , we argue that a " time - limited " output - agreement mechanism can be used to create a fast and robust crowd - powered component in interactive systems , particularly dialogue systems , to extract key information from user utterances on the fly . our experiments on amazon mechanical turk using the airline travel informat ←
→ soft correspondences in multimodal scene parsing ; exploiting multiple modalities for semantic scene parsing has been shown to improve accuracy over the singlemodality scenario . however multimodal datasets often suffer from problems such as data misalignment and label inconsistencies , where the existing methods assume that corresponding regions in two modalities must have identical labels . we propose to address this issue , by formulating multimodal semantic labeling as inference in a crf and introducing lat ←
→ fast dawid - skene ; many real world problems can now be effectively solved using supervised machine learning . a major roadblock is often the lack of an adequate quantity of labeled data for training . a possible solution is to assign the task of labeling data to a crowd , and then infer the true label using aggregation methods . a well - known approach for aggregation is the dawid - skene ( ds ) algorithm , which is based on the principle of expectation - maximization ( em ). we propose a new simple , yet effective , em - bas ←
→ a report on multilinear pca plus multilinear lda to deal with tensorial data : visual classification as an example ; in practical applications , we often have to deal with high order data , such as a grayscale image and a video sequence are intrinsically 2nd - order tensor and 3rd - order tensor , respectively . for doing clustering or classification of these high order data , it is a conventional way to vectorize these data before hand , as pca or fda does , which often induce the curse of dimensionality problem . fo ←
→ group importance sampling for particle filtering and mcmc ; importance sampling ( is ) is a well - known monte carlo technique that approximates integrals involving a posterior distribution by means of weighted samples . in this work , we study the assignation of a single weighted sample which compresses the information contained in a population of weighted samples . part of the theory that we present as group importance sampling ( gis ) has been employed implicitly in different works in the literature . the provided ←
→ on a rapid simulation of the dirichlet process ; we describe a simple and efficient procedure for approximating the l \' evy measure of a $\ text { gamma }(\ alpha , 1 )$ random variable . we use this approximation to derive a finite sum - representation that converges almost surely to ferguson ' s representation of the dirichlet process based on arrivals of a homogeneous poisson process . we compare the efficiency of our approximation to several other well known approximations of the dirichlet process and demonstrate a su ←
→ spatio - activity based object detection ; we present the sammi lightweight object detection method which has a high level of accuracy and robustness , and which is able to operate in an environment with a large number of cameras . background modeling is based on dct coefficients provided by cameras . foreground detection uses similarity in temporal characteristics of adjacent blocks of pixels , which is a computationally inexpensive way to make use of object coherence . scene model updating uses the approximated ←
→ rdfviews : a storage tuning wizard for rdf applications ; in recent years , the significant growth of rdf data used in numerous applications has made its efficient and scalable manipulation an important issue . in this paper , we present rdfviews , a system capable of choosing the most suitable views to materialize , in order to minimize the query response time for a specific sparql query workload , while taking into account the view maintenance cost and storage space constraints . our system employs practical algo ←
→ modeling the intra - class variability for liver lesion detection using a multi - class patch - based cnn ; automatic detection of liver lesions in ct images poses a great challenge for researchers . in this work we present a deep learning approach that models explicitly the variability within the non - lesion class , based on prior knowledge of the data , to support an automated lesion detection system . a multi - class convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is proposed to categorize input image patches into sub - categorie ←
→ eye pupil location using webcam ; three different algorithms used for eye pupil location were described and tested . algorithm efficiency comparison was based on human faces images taken from the bioid database . moreover all the eye localisation methods were implemented in a dedicated application supporting eye movement based computer control . in this case human face images were acquired by a webcam and processed in a real - time .←
→ sengen : sentence generating neural variational topic model ; we present a new topic model that generates documents by sampling a topic for one whole sentence at a time , and generating the words in the sentence using an rnn decoder that is conditioned on the topic of the sentence . we argue that this novel formalism will help us not only visualize and model the topical discourse structure in a document better , but also potentially lead to more interpretable topics since we can now illustrate topics by samplin ←
→ multitask learning with deep neural networks for community question answering ; in this paper , we developed a deep neural network ( dnn ) that learns to solve simultaneously the three tasks of the cqa challenge proposed by the semeval - 2016 task 3 , i . e ., question - comment similarity , question - question similarity and new question - comment similarity . the latter is the main task , which can exploit the previous two for achieving better results . our dnn is trained jointly on all the three cqa tasks and learns to e ←
→ an efficient vein pattern - based recognition system ; this paper presents an efficient human recognition system based on vein pattern from the palma dorsa . a new absorption based technique has been proposed to collect good quality images with the help of a low cost camera and light source . the system automatically detects the region of interest from the image and does the necessary preprocessing to extract features . a euclidean distance based matching technique has been used for making the decision . it has b ←
→ the equational approach to cf2 semantics ; we introduce a family of new equational semantics for argumentation networks which can handle odd and even loops in a uniform manner . we offer one version of equational semantics which is equivalent to cf2 semantics , and a better version which gives the same results as traditional dung semantics for even loops but can still handle odd loops .←
→ on the expressive power of overlapping architectures of deep learning ; expressive efficiency refers to the relation between two architectures a and b , whereby any function realized by b could be replicated by a , but there exists functions realized by a , which cannot be replicated by b unless its size grows significantly larger . for example , it is known that deep networks are exponentially efficient with respect to shallow networks , in the sense that a shallow network must grow exponentially large in order ←
→ intrinsic grassmann averages for online linear and robust subspace learning ; principal component analysis ( pca ) is a fundamental method for estimating a linear subspace approximation to high - dimensional data . many algorithms exist in literature to achieve a statistically robust version of pca called rpca . in this paper , we present a geometric framework for computing the principal linear subspaces in both situations that amounts to computing the intrinsic average on the space of all subspaces ( the grassma ←
→ ms and pan image fusion by combining brovey and wavelet methods ; among the existing fusion algorithms , the wavelet fusion method is the most frequently discussed one in recent publications because the wavelet approach preserves the spectral characteristics of the multispectral image better than other methods . the brovey is also a popular fusion method used for its ability in preserving the spatial information of the pan image . this study presents a new fusion approach that integrates the advantages of both ←
→ the algorithm of noisy k - means ; in this note , we introduce a new algorithm to deal with finite dimensional clustering with errors in variables . the design of this algorithm is based on recent theoretical advances ( see loustau ( 2013a , b )) in statistical learning with errors in variables . as the previous mentioned papers , the algorithm mixes different tools from the inverse problem literature and the machine learning community . coarsely , it is based on a two - step procedure : ( 1 ) a deconvolution step to deal wi ←
→ spectral mle : top -$ k $ rank aggregation from pairwise comparisons ; this paper explores the preference - based top -$ k $ rank aggregation problem . suppose that a collection of items is repeatedly compared in pairs , and one wishes to recover a consistent ordering that emphasizes the top -$ k $ ranked items , based on partially revealed preferences . we focus on the bradley - terry - luce ( btl ) model that postulates a set of latent preference scores underlying all items , where the odds of paired comparisons depend only on ←
→ neural paraphrase generation with stacked residual lstm networks ; in this paper , we propose a novel neural approach for paraphrase generation . conventional para - phrase generation methods either leverage hand - written rules and thesauri - based alignments , or use statistical machine learning principles . to the best of our knowledge , this work is the first to explore deep learning models for paraphrase generation . our primary contribution is a stacked residual lstm network , where we add residual connections be ←
→ event - based moving object detection and tracking ; event - based vision sensors , such as the dynamic vision sensor ( dvs ), are ideally suited for real - time motion analysis . the unique properties encompassed in the readings of such sensors provide high temporal resolution , superior sensitivity to light and low latency . these properties provide the grounds to estimate motion extremely reliably in the most sophisticated scenarios but they come at a price - modern event - based vision sensors have extremely low reso ←
→ semi - automatic simultaneous interpreting quality evaluation ; increasing interpreting needs a more objective and automatic measurement . we hold a basic idea that ' translating means translating meaning ' in that we can assessment interpretation quality by comparing the meaning of the interpreting output with the source input . that is , a translation unit of a ' chunk ' named frame which comes from frame semantics and its components named frame elements ( fes ) which comes from frame net are proposed to explore the ←
→ local jet pattern : a robust descriptor for texture classification ; methods based on local image features have recently shown promise for texture classification tasks , especially in the presence of large intra - class variation due to illumination , scale , and viewpoint changes . inspired by the theories of image structure analysis , this paper presents a simple , efficient , yet robust descriptor namely local jet pattern ( ljp ) for texture classification . in this approach , a jet space representation of a texture i ←
→ decision making under uncertainty : a quasimetric approach ; we propose a new approach for solving a class of discrete decision making problems under uncertainty with positive cost . this issue concerns multiple and diverse fields such as engineering , economics , artificial intelligence , cognitive science and many others . basically , an agent has to choose a single or series of actions from a set of options , without knowing for sure their consequences . schematically , two main approaches have been followed : eith ←
→ a new spectral clustering algorithm ; we present a new clustering algorithm that is based on searching for natural gaps in the components of the lowest energy eigenvectors of the laplacian of a graph . in comparing the performance of the proposed method with a set of other popular methods ( kmeans , spectral - kmeans , and an agglomerative method ) in the context of the lancichinetti - fortunato - radicchi ( lfr ) benchmark for undirected weighted overlapping networks , we find that the new method outperforms the other s ←
→ data mining for prediction of human performance capability in the software - industry ; the recruitment of new personnel is one of the most essential business processes which affect the quality of human capital within any company . it is highly essential for the companies to ensure the recruitment of right talent to maintain a competitive edge over the others in the market . however it companies often face a problem while recruiting new people for their ongoing projects due to lack of a proper framework that ←
→ fast abc - boost for multi - class classification ; abc - boost is a new line of boosting algorithms for multi - class classification , by utilizing the commonly used sum - to - zero constraint . to implement abc - boost , a base class must be identified at each boosting step . prior studies used a very expensive procedure based on exhaustive search for determining the base class at each boosting step . good testing performances of abc - boost ( implemented as abc - mart and abc - logitboost ) on a variety of datasets were reported . ←
→ pairwise constraint propagation on multi - view data ; this paper presents a graph - based learning approach to pairwise constraint propagation on multi - view data . although pairwise constraint propagation has been studied extensively , pairwise constraints are usually defined over pairs of data points from a single view , i . e ., only intra - view constraint propagation is considered for multi - view tasks . in fact , very little attention has been paid to inter - view constraint propagation , which is more challenging sinc ←
→ reasoning about actions with temporal answer sets ; in this paper we combine answer set programming ( asp ) with dynamic linear time temporal logic ( dltl ) to define a temporal logic programming language for reasoning about complex actions and infinite computations . dltl extends propositional temporal logic of linear time with regular programs of propositional dynamic logic , which are used for indexing temporal modalities . the action language allows general dltl formulas to be included in domain descriptions t ←
→ elliptification of rectangular imagery ; we present and discuss different algorithms for converting rectangular imagery into elliptical regions . we will focus primarily on methods that use mathematical mappings with explicit and invertible equations . we will also present different post - processing effects that could be applied to enhance the resulting images and minimize distortion .←
→ notes on generalized linear models of neurons ; experimental neuroscience increasingly requires tractable models for analyzing and predicting the behavior of neurons and networks . the generalized linear model ( glm ) is an increasingly popular statistical framework for analyzing neural data that is flexible , exhibits rich dynamic behavior and is computationally tractable ( paninski , 2004 ; pillow et al ., 2008 ; truccolo et al ., 2005 ). what follows is a brief summary of the primary equations governing the applica ←
→ cnn based texture synthesize with semantic segment ; deep learning algorithm display powerful ability in computer vision area , in recent year , the cnn has been applied to solve problems in the subarea of image - generating , which has been widely applied in areas such as photo editing , image design , computer animation , real - time rendering for large scale of scenes and for visual effects in movies . however in the texture synthesize procedure . the state - of - art cnn can not capture the spatial location of texture ←
→ kernelized bayesian matrix factorization ; we extend kernelized matrix factorization with a fully bayesian treatment and with an ability to work with multiple side information sources expressed as different kernels . kernel functions have been introduced to matrix factorization to integrate side information about the rows and columns ( e . g ., objects and users in recommender systems ), which is necessary for making out - of - matrix ( i . e ., cold start ) predictions . we discuss specifically bipartite graph inference , ←
→ black - box $ α $- divergence minimization ; black - box alpha ( bb -$\ alpha $) is a new approximate inference method based on the minimization of $\ alpha $- divergences . bb -$\ alpha $ scales to large datasets because it can be implemented using stochastic gradient descent . bb -$\ alpha $ can be applied to complex probabilistic models with little effort since it only requires as input the likelihood function and its gradients . these gradients can be easily obtained using automatic differentiation . by changing the divergence ←
→ stability analysis for regularized least squares regression ; we discuss stability for a class of learning algorithms with respect to noisy labels . the algorithms we consider are for regression , and they involve the minimization of regularized risk functionals , such as l ( f ) := 1 / n sum_i ( f ( x_i )- y_i )^ 2 + lambda || f || _h ^ 2 . we shall call the algorithm ` stable ' if , when y_i is a noisy version of f *( x_i ) for some function f * in h , the output of the algorithm converges to f * as the regularization term and noise si ←
→ a widely applicable bayesian information criterion ; a statistical model or a learning machine is called regular if the map taking a parameter to a probability distribution is one - to - one and if its fisher information matrix is always positive definite . if otherwise , it is called singular . in regular statistical models , the bayes free energy , which is defined by the minus logarithm of bayes marginal likelihood , can be asymptotically approximated by the schwarz bayes information criterion ( bic ), whereas in si ←
→ adaptation of mamdani fuzzy inference system using neuro - genetic approach for tactical air combat decision support system ; normally a decision support system is build to solve problem where multi - criteria decisions are involved . the knowledge base is the vital part of the decision support containing the information or data that is used in decision - making process . this is the field where engineers and scientists have applied several intelligent techniques and heuristics to obtain optimal decisions from ←
→ fast nonparametric clustering of structured time - series ; in this publication , we combine two bayesian non - parametric models : the gaussian process ( gp ) and the dirichlet process ( dp ). our innovation in the gp model is to introduce a variation on the gp prior which enables us to model structured time - series data , i . e . data containing groups where we wish to model inter - and intra - group variability . our innovation in the dp model is an implementation of a new fast collapsed variational inference procedure whi ←
→ learning representations for outlier detection on a budget ; the problem of detecting a small number of outliers in a large dataset is an important task in many fields from fraud detection to high - energy physics . two approaches have emerged to tackle this problem : unsupervised and supervised . supervised approaches require a sufficient amount of labeled data and are challenged by novel types of outliers and inherent class imbalance , whereas unsupervised methods do not take advantage of available labeled trai ←
→ early stopping and non - parametric regression : an optimal data - dependent stopping rule ; the strategy of early stopping is a regularization technique based on choosing a stopping time for an iterative algorithm . focusing on non - parametric regression in a reproducing kernel hilbert space , we analyze the early stopping strategy for a form of gradient - descent applied to the least - squares loss function . we propose a data - dependent stopping rule that does not involve hold - out or cross - validation data , and we pr ←
→ graphes paramétrés et outils de lexicalisation ; shifting to a lexicalized grammar reduces the number of parsing errors and improves application results . however , such an operation affects a syntactic parser in all its aspects . one of our research objectives is to design a realistic model for grammar lexicalization . we carried out experiments for which we used a grammar with a very simple content and formalism , and a very informative syntactic lexicon , the lexicon - grammar of french elaborated by the ladl . l ←
→ multiresolution match kernels for gesture video classification ; the emergence of depth imaging technologies like the microsoft kinect has renewed interest in computational methods for gesture classification based on videos . for several years now , researchers have used the bag - of - features ( bof ) as a primary method for generation of feature vectors from video data for recognition of gestures . however , the bof method is a coarse representation of the information in a video , which often leads to poor similarit ←
→ robotic tactile perception of object properties : a review ; touch sensing can help robots understand their sur - rounding environment , and in particular the objects they interact with . to this end , roboticists have , in the last few decades , developed several tactile sensing solutions , extensively reported in the literature . research into interpreting the conveyed tactile information has also started to attract increasing attention in recent years . however , a comprehensive study on this topic is yet to be rep ←
→ keyword - based query comprehending via multiple optimized - demand augmentation ; in this paper , we consider the problem of machine reading task when the questions are in the form of keywords , rather than natural language . in recent years , researchers have achieved significant success on machine reading comprehension tasks , such as squad and triviaqa . these datasets provide a natural language question sentence and a pre - selected passage , and the goal is to answer the question according to the passage . howeve ←
→ exchangeable variable models ; a sequence of random variables is exchangeable if its joint distribution is invariant under variable permutations . we introduce exchangeable variable models ( evms ) as a novel class of probabilistic models whose basic building blocks are partially exchangeable sequences , a generalization of exchangeable sequences . we prove that a family of tractable evms is optimal under zero - one loss for a large class of functions , including parity and threshold functions , and strictly subsume ←
→ a delayed column generation strategy for exact k - bounded map inference in markov logic networks ; the paper introduces k - bounded map inference , a parameterization of map inference in markov logic networks . k - bounded map states are map states with at most k active ground atoms of hidden ( non - evidence ) predicates . we present a novel delayed column generation algorithm and provide empirical evidence that the algorithm efficiently computes k - bounded map states for meaningful real - world graph matching problems ←
→ path - based vs . distributional information in recognizing lexical semantic relations ; recognizing various semantic relations between terms is beneficial for many nlp tasks . while path - based and distributional information sources are considered complementary for this task , the superior results the latter showed recently suggested that the former ' s contribution might have become obsolete . we follow the recent success of an integrated neural method for hypernymy detection ( shwartz et al ., 2016 ) and extend it ←
→ gender identity and lexical variation in social media ; we present a study of the relationship between gender , linguistic style , and social networks , using a novel corpus of 14 , 000 twitter users . prior quantitative work on gender often treats this social variable as a female / male binary ; we argue for a more nuanced approach . by clustering twitter users , we find a natural decomposition of the dataset into various styles and topical interests . many clusters have strong gender orientations , but their use of li ←
→ data augmentation generative adversarial networks ; effective training of neural networks requires much data . in the low - data regime , parameters are underdetermined , and learnt networks generalise poorly . data augmentation alleviates this by using existing data more effectively . however standard data augmentation produces only limited plausible alternative data . given there is potential to generate a much broader set of augmentations , we design and train a generative model to do data augmentation . the model ←
→ object region mining with adversarial erasing : a simple classification to semantic segmentation approach ; we investigate a principle way to progressively mine discriminative object regions using classification networks to address the weakly - supervised semantic segmentation problems . classification networks are only responsive to small and sparse discriminative regions from the object of interest , which deviates from the requirement of the segmentation task that needs to localize dense , interior and integ ←
→ hybrid type - logical grammars , first - order linear logic and the descriptive inadequacy of lambda grammars ; in this article we show that hybrid type - logical grammars are a fragment of first - order linear logic . this embedding result has several important consequences : it not only provides a simple new proof theory for the calculus , thereby clarifying the proof - theoretic foundations of hybrid type - logical grammars , but , since the translation is simple and direct , it also provides several new parsing strategi ←
→ learning graph while training : an evolving graph convolutional neural network ; convolution neural networks on graphs are important generalization and extension of classical cnns . while previous works generally assumed that the graph structures of samples are regular with unified dimensions , in many applications , they are highly diverse or even not well defined . under some circumstances , e . g . chemical molecular data , clustering or coarsening for simplifying the graphs is hard to be justified chemically . i ←
→ it - dendrogram : a new member of the in - tree ( it ) clustering family ; previously , we proposed a physically - inspired method to construct data points into an effective in - tree ( it ) structure , in which the underlying cluster structure in the dataset is well revealed . although there are some edges in the it structure requiring to be removed , such undesired edges are generally distinguishable from other edges and thus are easy to be determined . for instance , when the it structures for the 2 - dimensional ( 2d ) datase ←
→ readouts for echo - state networks built using locally regularized orthogonal forward regression ; echo state network ( esn ) is viewed as a temporal non - orthogonal expansion with pseudo - random parameters . such expansions naturally give rise to regressors of various relevance to a teacher output . we illustrate that often only a certain amount of the generated echo - regressors effectively explain the variance of the teacher output and also that sole local regularization is not able to provide in - depth informati ←
→ detecting facial landmarks in the video based on a hybrid framework ; to dynamically detect the facial landmarks in the video , we propose a novel hybrid framework termed as detection - tracking - detection ( dtd ). first , the face bounding box is achieved from the first frame of the video sequence based on a traditional face detection method . then , a landmark detector detects the facial landmarks , which is based on a cascaded deep convolution neural network ( dcnn ). next , the face bounding box in the current frame ←
→ chinese typography transfer ; in this paper , we propose a new network architecture for chinese typography transformation based on deep learning . the architecture consists of two sub - networks : ( 1 ) a fully convolutional network ( fcn ) aiming at transferring specified typography style to another in condition of preserving structure information ; ( 2 ) an adversarial network aiming at generating more realistic strokes in some details . unlike models proposed before 2012 relying on the complex segmentation of chinese co ←
→ machine teaching : a new paradigm for building machine learning systems ; the current processes for building machine learning systems require practitioners with deep knowledge of machine learning . this significantly limits the number of machine learning systems that can be created and has led to a mismatch between the demand for machine learning systems and the ability for organizations to build them . we believe that in order to meet this growing demand for machine learning systems we must significantly incr ←
→ deep nearest class mean model for incremental odor classification ; in recent years , more and more machine learning algorithms have been applied to odor recognition . these odor recognition algorithms usually assume that the training dataset is static . however , for some odor recognition tasks , the odor dataset is dynamically growing where not only the training samples but also the number of classes increase over time . motivated by this concern , we proposed a deep nearest class mean ( dncm ) model which combine ←
→ a uniform approach to logic programming semantics ; part of the theory of logic programming and nonmonotonic reasoning concerns the study of fixed - point semantics for these paradigms . several different semantics have been proposed during the last two decades , and some have been more successful and acknowledged than others . the rationales behind those various semantics have been manifold , depending on one ' s point of view , which may be that of a programmer or inspired by commonsense reasoning , and consequentl ←
→ tensor decomposition via variational auto - encoder ; tensor decomposition is an important technique for capturing the high - order interactions among multiway data . multi - linear tensor composition methods , such as the tucker decomposition and the candecomp / parafac ( cp ), assume that the complex interactions among objects are multi - linear , and are thus insufficient to represent nonlinear relationships in data . another assumption of these methods is that a predefined rank should be known . however , the rank of ten ←
→ swsi : a low - cost and commercial - quality whole slide imaging system on android and ios smartphones ; in this paper , scalable whole slide imaging ( swsi ), a novel high - throughput , cost - effective and robust whole slide imaging system on both android and ios platforms is introduced and analyzed . with swsi , most mainstream smartphone connected to a optical eyepiece of any manually controlled microscope can be automatically controlled to capture sequences of mega - pixel fields of views that are synthesized into g ←
→ deep mutual learning ; model distillation is an effective and widely used technique to transfer knowledge from a teacher to a student network . the typical application is to transfer from a powerful large network or ensemble to a small network , that is better suited to low - memory or fast execution requirements . in this paper , we present a deep mutual learning ( dml ) strategy where , rather than one way transfer between a static pre - defined teacher and a student , an ensemble of students learn collaboratively an ←
→ zoom out - and - in network with recursive training for object proposal ; in this paper , we propose a zoom - out - and - in network for generating object proposals . we utilize different resolutions of feature maps in the network to detect object instances of various sizes . specifically , we divide the anchor candidates into three clusters based on the scale size and place them on feature maps of distinct strides to detect small , medium and large objects , respectively . deeper feature maps contain region - level semantics ←
→ compressing low precision deep neural networks using sparsity - induced regularization in ternary networks ; a low precision deep neural network training technique for producing sparse , ternary neural networks is presented . the technique incorporates hard - ware implementation costs during training to achieve significant model compression for inference . training involves three stages : network training using l2 regularization and a quantization threshold regularizer , quantization pruning , and finally retraini ←
→ learning rules from multisource data for cardiac monitoring ; this paper formalises the concept of learning symbolic rules from multisource data in a cardiac monitoring context . our sources , electrocardiograms and arterial blood pressure measures , describe cardiac behaviours from different viewpoints . to learn interpretable rules , we use an inductive logic programming ( ilp ) method . we develop an original strategy to cope with the dimensionality issues caused by using this ilp technique on a rich multisource ←
→ fast keypoint detection in video sequences ; a number of computer vision tasks exploit a succinct representation of the visual content in the form of sets of local features . given an input image , feature extraction algorithms identify a set of keypoints and assign to each of them a description vector , based on the characteristics of the visual content surrounding the interest point . several tasks might require local features to be extracted from a video sequence , on a frame - by - frame basis . although temporal ←
→ segmentation of intracranial arterial calcification with deeply supervised residual dropout networks ; intracranial carotid artery calcification ( icac ) is a major risk factor for stroke , and might contribute to dementia and cognitive decline . reliance on time - consuming manual annotation of icac hampers much demanded further research into the relationship between icac and neurological diseases . automation of icac segmentation is therefore highly desirable , but difficult due to the proximity of the lesions ←
→ parallelizing probabilistic inference : some early explorations ; we report on an experimental investigation into opportunities for parallelism in beliefnet inference . specifically , we report on a study performed of the available parallelism , on hypercube style machines , of a set of randomly generated belief nets , using factoring ( spi ) style inference algorithms . our results indicate that substantial speedup is available , but that it is available only through parallelization of individual conformal product o ←
→ collective adaptive systems : challenges beyond evolvability ; this position paper overviews several challenges of collective adaptive systems , which are beyond the research objectives of current top - projects in ict , and especially in fet , initiatives . the attention is paid not only to challenges and new research topics , but also to their impact and potential breakthroughs in information and communication technologies .←
→ l1 - regularized reconstruction error as alpha matte ; sampling - based alpha matting methods have traditionally followed the compositing equation to estimate the alpha value at a pixel from a pair of foreground ( f ) and background ( b ) samples . the ( f , b ) pair that produces the least reconstruction error is selected , followed by alpha estimation . the significance of that residual error has been left unexamined . in this letter , we propose a video matting algorithm that uses l1 - regularized reconstruction error of f ←
→ entropy - sgd optimizes the prior of a pac - bayes bound : generalization properties of entropy - sgd and data - dependent priors ; we show that entropy - sgd ( chaudhari et al ., 2017 ), when viewed as a learning algorithm , optimizes a pac - bayes bound on the risk of a gibbs ( posterior ) classifier , i . e ., a randomized classifier obtained by a risk - sensitive perturbation of the weights of a learned classifier . entropy - sgd works by optimizing the bound ' s prior , violating the hypothesis of the pac - bayes theorem that the pr ←
→ the destiny of constant structure discrete time closed semantic systems ; constant structure closed semantic systems are the systems each element of which receives its definition through the correspondent unchangeable set of other elements of the system . discrete time means here that the definitions of the elements change iteratively and simultaneously based on the " neighbor portraits " from the previous iteration . i prove that the iterative redefinition process in such class of systems will quickly degenera ←
→ explaining the success of adaboost and random forests as interpolating classifiers ; there is a large literature explaining why adaboost is a successful classifier . the literature on adaboost focuses on classifier margins and boosting ' s interpretation as the optimization of an exponential likelihood function . these existing explanations , however , have been pointed out to be incomplete . a random forest is another popular ensemble method for which there is substantially less explanation in the literature . w ←
→ camera - aware multi - resolution analysis ( camra ) for raw sensor data compression ; we propose a novel lossless and lossy compression scheme for color filter array ~( cfa ) sampled images based on the wavelet transform of them . our analysis suggests that the wavelet coefficients of hl and lh subbands are highly correlated . hence , we decorrelate mallat wavelet packet decomposition to further sparsify the coefficients . in addition , we develop a camera processing pipeline for compressing cfa sampled images aimed a ←
→ ontology module extraction via datalog reasoning ; module extraction - the task of computing a ( preferably small ) fragment m of an ontology t that preserves entailments over a signature s - has found many applications in recent years . extracting modules of minimal size is , however , computationally hard , and often algorithmically infeasible . thus , practical techniques are based on approximations , where m provably captures the relevant entailments , but is not guaranteed to be minimal . existing approximations ,←
→ a model for combination of external and internal stimuli in the action selection of an autonomous agent ; this paper proposes a model for combination of external and internal stimuli for the action selection in an autonomous agent , based in an action selection mechanism previously proposed by the authors . this combination model includes additive and multiplicative elements , which allows to incorporate new properties , which enhance the action selection . a given parameter a , which is part of the proposed mo ←
→ on the sensitivity of the lasso to the number of predictor variables ; the lasso is a computationally efficient regression regularization procedure that can produce sparse estimators when the number of predictors ( p ) is large . oracle inequalities provide probability loss bounds for the lasso estimator at a deterministic choice of the regularization parameter . these bounds tend to zero if p is appropriately controlled , and are thus commonly cited as theoretical justification for the lasso and its ability to ←
→ clause / term resolution and learning in the evaluation of quantified boolean formulas ; resolution is the rule of inference at the basis of most procedures for automated reasoning . in these procedures , the input formula is first translated into an equisatisfiable formula in conjunctive normal form ( cnf ) and then represented as a set of clauses . deduction starts by inferring new clauses by resolution , and goes on until the empty clause is generated or satisfiability of the set of clauses is proven , e . g ., be ←
→ optimal time - series motifs ; motifs are the most repetitive / frequent patterns of a time - series . the discovery of motifs is crucial for practitioners in order to understand and interpret the phenomena occurring in sequential data . currently , motifs are searched among series sub - sequences , aiming at selecting the most frequently occurring ones . search - based methods , which try out series sub - sequence as motif candidates , are currently believed to be the best methods in finding the most frequent patterns . how ←
→ secured wireless communication using fuzzy logic based high speed public - key cryptography ( flhspkc ) ; in this paper secured wireless communication using fuzzy logic based high speed public key cryptography ( flhspkc ) has been proposed by satisfying the major issues likes computational safety , power management and restricted usage of memory in wireless communication . wireless sensor network ( wsn ) has several major constraints likes inadequate source of energy , restricted computational potentiality and limit ←
→ blind image deblurring using class - adapted image priors ; blind image deblurring ( bid ) is an ill - posed inverse problem , usually addressed by imposing prior knowledge on the ( unknown ) image and on the blurring filter . most of the work on bid has focused on natural images , using image priors based on statistical properties of generic natural images . however , in many applications , it is known that the image being recovered belongs to some specific class ( e . g ., text , face , fingerprints ), and exploiting this kno ←
→ adaptive normalized risk - averting training for deep neural networks ; this paper proposes a set of new error criteria and learning approaches , adaptive normalized risk - averting training ( anrat ), to attack the non - convex optimization problem in training deep neural networks ( dnns ). theoretically , we demonstrate its effectiveness on global and local convexity lower - bounded by the standard $ l_p $- norm error . by analyzing the gradient on the convexity index $\ lambda $, we explain the reason why to learn $\ lambda $←
→ snect : scalable network constrained tucker decomposition for integrative multi - platform data analysis ; motivation : how do we integratively analyze large - scale multi - platform genomic data that are high dimensional and sparse ? furthermore , how can we incorporate prior knowledge , such as the association between genes , in the analysis systematically ? method : to solve this problem , we propose a scalable network constrained tucker decomposition method we call snect . snect adopts parallel stochastic gradient de ←
→ maximum likelihood directed enumeration method in piecewise - regular object recognition ; we explore the problems of classification of composite object ( images , speech signals ) with low number of models per class . we study the question of improving recognition performance for medium - sized database ( thousands of classes ). the key issue of fast approximate nearest - neighbor methods widely applied in this task is their heuristic nature . it is possible to strongly prove their efficiency by using the theory of a ←
→ combinatorial preconditioners for proximal algorithms on graphs ; we present a novel preconditioning technique for proximal optimization methods that relies on graph algorithms to construct effective preconditioners . such combinatorial preconditioners arise from partitioning the graph into forests . we prove that certain decompositions lead to a theoretically optimal condition number . we also show how ideal decompositions can be realized using matroid partitioning and propose efficient greedy variants thereo ←
→ self - supervised learning of motion capture ; current state - of - the - art solutions for motion capture from a single camera are optimization driven : they optimize the parameters of a 3d human model so that its re - projection matches measurements in the video ( e . g . person segmentation , optical flow , keypoint detections etc .). optimization models are susceptible to local minima . this has been the bottleneck that forced using clean green - screen like backgrounds at capture time , manual initialization , or switching t ←
→ variational inference for gaussian process modulated poisson processes ; we present the first fully variational bayesian inference scheme for continuous gaussian - process - modulated poisson processes . such point processes are used in a variety of domains , including neuroscience , geo - statistics and astronomy , but their use is hindered by the computational cost of existing inference schemes . our scheme : requires no discretisation of the domain ; scales linearly in the number of observed events ; and is many order ←
→ a composite quantile fourier neural network for multi - horizon probabilistic forecasting ; a novel quantile fourier neural network is presented for nonparametric probabilistic forecasting . prediction are provided in the form of composite quantiles using time as the only input to the model . this effectively is a form of extrapolation based quantile regression applied for forecasting . empirical results showcase that for time series data that have clear seasonality and trend , the model provides high quality p ←
→ an end - to - end 3d convolutional neural network for action detection and segmentation in videos ; in this paper , we propose an end - to - end 3d cnn for action detection and segmentation in videos . the proposed architecture is a unified deep network that is able to recognize and localize action based on 3d convolution features . a video is first divided into equal length clips and next for each clip a set of tube proposals are generated based on 3d cnn features . finally , the tube proposals of different clips are ←
→ variational continual learning ; this paper develops variational continual learning ( vcl ), a simple but general framework for continual learning that fuses online variational inference ( vi ) and recent advances in monte carlo vi for neural networks . the framework can successfully train both deep discriminative models and deep generative models in complex continual learning settings where existing tasks evolve over time and entirely new tasks emerge . experimental results show that variational continual learni ←
→ extraction de concepts sous contraintes dans des données d ' expression de gènes ; in this paper , we propose a technique to extract constrained formal concepts .←
→ training l1 - regularized models with orthant - wise passive descent algorithms ; the $ l_1 $- regularized models are widely used for sparse regression or classification tasks . in this paper , we propose the orthant - wise passive descent algorithm ( opda ) for optimizing $ l_1 $- regularized models , as an improved substitute of proximal algorithms , which are the standard tools for optimizing the models nowadays . opda uses a stochastic variance - reduced gradient ( svrg ) to initialize the descent direction , then apply a no ←
→ gaussian process planning with lipschitz continuous reward functions : towards unifying bayesian optimization , active learning , and beyond ; this paper presents a novel nonmyopic adaptive gaussian process planning ( gpp ) framework endowed with a general class of lipschitz continuous reward functions that can unify some active learning / sensing and bayesian optimization criteria and offer practitioners some flexibility to specify their desired choices for defining new tasks / problems . in particular , it utilize ←
→ incorporating discriminator in sentence generation : a gibbs sampling method ; generating plausible and fluent sentence with desired properties has long been a challenge . most of the recent works use recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) and their variants to predict following words given previous sequence and target label . in this paper , we propose a novel framework to generate constrained sentences via gibbs sampling . the candidate sentences are revised and updated iteratively , with sampled new words replacin ←
→ density estimation via discrepancy based adaptive sequential partition ; given $ iid $ observations from an unknown absolute continuous distribution defined on some domain $\ omega $, we propose a nonparametric method to learn a piecewise constant function to approximate the underlying probability density function . our density estimate is a piecewise constant function defined on a binary partition of $\ omega $. the key ingredient of the algorithm is to use discrepancy , a concept originates from quasi monte carlo ←
→ a plan - based model for response generation in collaborative task - oriented dialogues ; this paper presents a plan - based architecture for response generation in collaborative consultation dialogues , with emphasis on cases in which the system ( consultant ) and user ( executing agent ) disagree . our work contributes to an overall system for collaborative problem - solving by providing a plan - based framework that captures the {\ em propose - evaluate - modify } cycle of collaboration , and by allowing the system to initia ←
→ on the optimal convergence probability of univariate estimation of distribution algorithms ; in this paper , we obtain bounds on the probability of convergence to the optimal solution for the compact genetic algorithm ( cga ) and the population based incremental learning ( pbil ). we also give a sufficient condition for convergence of these algorithms to the optimal solution and compute a range of possible values of the parameters of these algorithms for which they converge to the optimal solution with a confi ←
→ seernet at emoint - 2017 : tweet emotion intensity estimator ; the paper describes experiments on estimating emotion intensity in tweets using a generalized regressor system . the system combines lexical , syntactic and pre - trained word embedding features , trains them on general regressors and finally combines the best performing models to create an ensemble . the proposed system stood 3rd out of 22 systems in the leaderboard of wassa - 2017 shared task on emotion intensity .←
→ specification inference from demonstrations ; learning from expert demonstrations has received a lot of attention in artificial intelligence and machine learning . the goal is to infer the underlying reward function that an agent is optimizing given a set of observations of the agent ' s behavior over time in a variety of circumstances , the system state trajectories , and a plant model specifying the evolution of the system state for different agent ' s actions . the system is often modeled as a markov decision pr ←
→ least - squares independence regression for non - linear causal inference under non - gaussian noise ; the discovery of non - linear causal relationship under additive non - gaussian noise models has attracted considerable attention recently because of their high flexibility . in this paper , we propose a novel causal inference algorithm called least - squares independence regression ( lsir ). lsir learns the additive noise model through the minimization of an estimator of the squared - loss mutual information between inpu ←
→ towards closing the energy gap between hog and cnn features for embedded vision ; computer vision enables a wide range of applications in robotics / drones , self - driving cars , smart internet of things , and portable / wearable electronics . for many of these applications , local embedded processing is preferred due to privacy and / or latency concerns . accordingly , energy - efficient embedded vision hardware delivering real - time and robust performance is crucial . while deep learning is gaining popularity in several ←
→ sim - to - real transfer of visuo - motor policies for reaching in clutter : domain randomization and adaptation with modular networks ; a modular method is proposed to learn and transfer visuo - motor policies from simulation to the real world in an efficient manner by combining domain randomization and adaptation . the feasibility of the approach is demonstrated in a table - top object reaching task where a 7 dof arm is controlled in velocity mode to reach a blue cuboid in clutter through visual observations . the l ←
→ input switched affine networks : an rnn architecture designed for interpretability ; there exist many problem domains where the interpretability of neural network models is essential for deployment . here we introduce a recurrent architecture composed of input - switched affine transformations - in other words an rnn without any explicit nonlinearities , but with input - dependent recurrent weights . this simple form allows the rnn to be analyzed via straightforward linear methods : we can exactly characterize the ←
→ decision making agent searching for markov models in near - deterministic world ; reinforcement learning has solid foundations , but becomes inefficient in partially observed ( non - markovian ) environments . thus , a learning agent - born with a representation and a policy - might wish to investigate to what extent the markov property holds . we propose a learning architecture that utilizes combinatorial policy optimization to overcome non - markovity and to develop efficient behaviors , which are easy to inherit , tes ←
→ an algebraic graphical model for decision with uncertainties , feasibilities , and utilities ; numerous formalisms and dedicated algorithms have been designed in the last decades to model and solve decision making problems . some formalisms , such as constraint networks , can express " simple " decision problems , while others are designed to take into account uncertainties , unfeasible decisions , and utilities . even in a single formalism , several variants are often proposed to model different types of uncertainty ←
→ reinforcement learning - based thermal comfort control for vehicle cabins ; vehicle climate control systems aim to keep passengers thermally comfortable . however , current systems control temperature rather than thermal comfort and tend to be energy hungry , which is of particular concern when considering electric vehicles . this paper poses energy - efficient vehicle comfort control as a markov decision process , which is then solved numerically using sarsa ({\ lambda }) and an empirically validated , single - zone , 1d ←
→ global sensitivity analysis with dependence measures ; global sensitivity analysis with variance - based measures suffers from several theoretical and practical limitations , since they focus only on the variance of the output and handle multivariate variables in a limited way . in this paper , we introduce a new class of sensitivity indices based on dependence measures which overcomes these insufficiencies . our approach originates from the idea to compare the output distribution with its conditional counterpart ←
→ content - based approach for vietnamese spam sms filtering ; short message service ( sms ) spam is a serious problem in vietnam because of the availability of very cheap pre - paid sms packages . there are some systems to detect and filter spam messages for english , most of which use machine learning techniques to analyze the content of messages and classify them . for vietnamese , there is some research on spam email filtering but none focused on sms . in this work , we propose the first system for filtering vietname ←
→ classification tree diagrams in health informatics applications ; health informatics deal with the methods used to optimize the acquisition , storage and retrieval of medical data , and classify information in healthcare applications . healthcare analysts are particularly interested in various computer informatics areas such as ; knowledge representation from data , anomaly detection , outbreak detection methods and syndromic surveillance applications . although various parametric and non - parametric approaches are ←
→ the morphospace of language networks ; language can be described as a network of interacting objects with different qualitative properties and complexity . these networks include semantic , syntactic , or phonological levels and have been found to provide a new picture of language complexity and its evolution . a general approach considers language from an information theory perspective that incorporates a speaker , a hearer , and a noisy channel . the later is often encoded in a matrix connecting the signals used ←
→ causal network inference via group sparse regularization ; this paper addresses the problem of inferring sparse causal networks modeled by multivariate auto - regressive ( mar ) processes . conditions are derived under which the group lasso ( glasso ) procedure consistently estimates sparse network structure . the key condition involves a " false connection score ." in particular , we show that consistent recovery is possible even when the number of observations of the network is far less than the number of parameters ←
→ structure - semantics interplay in complex networks and its effects on the predictability of similarity in texts ; there are different ways to define similarity for grouping similar texts into clusters , as the concept of similarity may depend on the purpose of the task . for instance , in topic extraction similar texts mean those within the same semantic field , whereas in author recognition stylistic features should be considered . in this study , we introduce ways to classify texts employing concepts of comple ←
→ structured factored inference : a framework for automated reasoning in probabilistic programming languages ; reasoning on large and complex real - world models is a computationally difficult task , yet one that is required for effective use of many ai applications . a plethora of inference algorithms have been developed that work well on specific models or only on parts of general models . consequently , a system that can intelligently apply these inference algorithms to different parts of a model for fast reaso ←
→ introduction to the 26th international conference on logic programming special issue ; this is the preface to the 26th international conference on logic programming special issue ←
→ dictionary learning and sparse coding for third - order super - symmetric tensors ; super - symmetric tensors - a higher - order extension of scatter matrices - are becoming increasingly popular in machine learning and computer vision for modelling data statistics , co - occurrences , or even as visual descriptors . however , the size of these tensors are exponential in the data dimensionality , which is a significant concern . in this paper , we study third - order super - symmetric tensor descriptors in the context of dicti ←
→ label efficient learning by exploiting multi - class output codes ; we present a new perspective on the popular multi - class algorithmic techniques of one - vs - all and error correcting output codes . rather than studying the behavior of these techniques for supervised learning , we establish a connection between the success of these methods and the existence of label - efficient learning procedures . we show that in both the realizable and agnostic cases , if output codes are successful at learning from labeled data , ←
→ rapid mixing swendsen - wang sampler for stochastic partitioned attractive models ; the gibbs sampler is a particularly popular markov chain used for learning and inference problems in graphical models ( gms ). these tasks are computationally intractable in general , and the gibbs sampler often suffers from slow mixing . in this paper , we study the swendsen - wang dynamics which is a more sophisticated markov chain designed to overcome bottlenecks that impede the gibbs sampler . we prove o (\ log n ) mixing time for ←
→ a tutorial on deep learning for music information retrieval ; following their success in computer vision and other areas , deep learning techniques have recently become widely adopted in music information retrieval ( mir ) research . however , the majority of works aim to adopt and assess methods that have been shown to be effective in other domains , while there is still a great need for more original research focusing on music primarily and utilising musical knowledge and insight . the goal of this paper is to b ←
→ you only look once : unified , real - time object detection ; we present yolo , a new approach to object detection . prior work on object detection repurposes classifiers to perform detection . instead , we frame object detection as a regression problem to spatially separated bounding boxes and associated class probabilities . a single neural network predicts bounding boxes and class probabilities directly from full images in one evaluation . since the whole detection pipeline is a single network , it can be optimized ←
→ logical methods of object recognition on satellite images using spatial constraints ; a logical approach to object recognition on image is proposed . the main idea of the approach is to perform the object recognition as a logical inference on a set of rules describing an object shape .←
→ language models with pre - trained ( glove ) word embeddings ; in this work we implement a training of a language model ( lm ), using recurrent neural network ( rnn ) and glove word embeddings , introduced by pennigton et al . in [ 1 ]. the implementation is following the general idea of training rnns for lm tasks presented in [ 2 ], but is rather using gated recurrent unit ( gru ) [ 3 ] for a memory cell , and not the more commonly used lstm [ 4 ].←
→ a smoke removal method for laparoscopic images ; in laparoscopic surgery , image quality can be severely degraded by surgical smoke , which not only introduces error for the image processing ( used in image guided surgery ), but also reduces the visibility of the surgeons . in this paper , we propose to enhance the laparoscopic images by decomposing them into unwanted smoke part and enhanced part using a variational approach . the proposed method relies on the observation that smoke has low contrast and low inter -←
→ investigating the parameter space of evolutionary algorithms ; the practice of evolutionary algorithms involves the tuning of many parameters . how big should the population be ? how many generations should the algorithm run ? what is the ( tournament selection ) tournament size ? what probabilities should one assign to crossover and mutation ? through an extensive series of experiments over multiple evolutionary algorithm implementations and problems we show that parameter space tends to be rife with viable param ←
→ modeling relational information in question - answer pairs with convolutional neural networks ; in this paper , we propose convolutional neural networks for learning an optimal representation of question and answer sentences . their main aspect is the use of relational information given by the matches between words from the two members of the pair . the matches are encoded as embeddings with additional parameters ( dimensions ), which are tuned by the network . these allows for better capturing interactions betwe ←
→ comparison of several reweighted l1 - algorithms for solving cardinality minimization problems ; reweighted l1 - algorithms have attracted a lot of attention in the field of applied mathematics . a unified framework of such algorithms has been recently proposed by zhao and li . in this paper we construct a few new examples of reweighted l1 - methods . these functions are certain concave approximations of the l0 - norm function . we focus on the numerical comparison between some new and existing reweighted l1 - algorith ←
→ towards competitive classifiers for unbalanced classification problems : a study on the performance scores ; although a great methodological effort has been invested in proposing competitive solutions to the class - imbalance problem , little effort has been made in pursuing a theoretical understanding of this matter . in order to shed some light on this topic , we perform , through a novel framework , an exhaustive analysis of the adequateness of the most commonly used performance scores to assess this complex ←
→ semi - supervised active learning for support vector machines : a novel approach that exploits structure information in data ; in our today ' s information society more and more data emerges , e . g .~ in social networks , technical applications , or business applications . companies try to commercialize these data using data mining or machine learning methods . for this purpose , the data are categorized or classified , but often at high ( monetary or temporal ) costs . an effective approach to reduce these costs is to app ←
→ revisiting the inverted indices for billion - scale approximate nearest neighbors ; this work addresses the problem of billion - scale nearest neighbor search . the state - of - the - art retrieval systems for billion - scale databases are currently based on the inverted multi - index , the recently proposed generalization of the inverted index structure . the multi - index provides a very fine - grained partition of the feature space that allows extracting concise and accurate short - lists of candidates for the search queries ←
→ a non - technical survey on deep convolutional neural network architectures ; artificial neural networks have recently shown great results in many disciplines and a variety of applications , including natural language understanding , speech processing , games and image data generation . one particular application in which the strong performance of artificial neural networks was demonstrated is the recognition of objects in images , where deep convolutional neural networks are commonly applied . in this survey , we ←
→ characterization of experts in crowdsourcing platforms ; crowdsourcing platforms enable to propose simple human intelligence tasks to a large number of participants who realise these tasks . the workers often receive a small amount of money or the platforms include some other incentive mechanisms , for example they can increase the workers reputation score , if they complete the tasks correctly . we address the problem of identifying experts among participants , that is , workers , who tend to answer the questions ←
→ multiscale sequence modeling with a learned dictionary ; we propose a generalization of neural network sequence models . instead of predicting one symbol at a time , our multi - scale model makes predictions over multiple , potentially overlapping multi - symbol tokens . a variation of the byte - pair encoding ( bpe ) compression algorithm is used to learn the dictionary of tokens that the model is trained with . when applied to language modelling , our model has the flexibility of character - level models while maintainin ←
→ high dimensional sparse gaussian graphical mixture model ; this paper considers the problem of networks reconstruction from heterogeneous data using a gaussian graphical mixture model ( ggmm ). it is well known that parameter estimation in this context is challenging due to large numbers of variables coupled with the degeneracy of the likelihood . we propose as a solution a penalized maximum likelihood technique by imposing an $ l_ { 1 }$ penalty on the precision matrix . our approach shrinks the parameters thereby ←
→ cross - lingual abstract meaning representation parsing ; abstract meaning representation ( amr ) annotation efforts have mostly focused on english . in order to train parsers on other languages , we propose a method based on annotation projection , which involves exploiting annotations in a source language and a parallel corpus of the source language and a target language . using english as the source language , we show promising results for italian , spanish , german and chinese as target languages . besides evaluati ←
→ cartes auto - organisées pour l ' analyse exploratoire de données et la visualisation ; this paper shows how to use the kohonen algorithm to represent multidimensional data , by exploiting the self - organizing property . it is possible to get such maps as well for quantitative variables as for qualitative ones , or for a mixing of both . the contents of the paper come from various works by samos - matisse members , in particular by e . de bodt , b . girard , p . letr \'{ e } my , s . ibbou , p . rousset . most of the examples have ←
→ rosoclingo : a ros package for asp - based robot control ; knowledge representation and reasoning capacities are vital to cognitive robotics because they provide higher level cognitive functions for reasoning about actions , environments , goals , perception , etc . although answer set programming ( asp ) is well suited for modelling such functions , there was so far no seamless way to use asp in a robotic environment . we address this shortcoming and show how a recently developed reactive asp system can be harnessed t ←
→ double relief with progressive weighting function ; feature weighting algorithms try to solve a problem of great importance nowadays in machine learning : the search of a relevance measure for the features of a given domain . this relevance is primarily used for feature selection as feature weighting can be seen as a generalization of it , but it is also useful to better understand a problem ' s domain or to guide an inductor in its learning process . relief family of algorithms are proven to be very effective in ←
→ single - perspective warps in natural image stitching ; results of image stitching can be perceptually divided into single - perspective and multiple - perspective . compared to the multiple - perspective result , the single - perspective result excels in perspective consistency but suffers from projective distortion . in this paper , we propose two single - perspective warps for natural image stitching . the first one is a parametric warp , which is a combination of the as - projective - as - possible warp and the quasi - homograph ←
→ nonnegative matrix factorization for signal and data analytics : identifiability , algorithms , and applications ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) has become a workhorse for signal and data analytics , triggered by its model parsimony and interpretability . perhaps a bit surprisingly , the understanding to its model identifiability --- the major reason behind the interpretability in many applications such as topic mining and hyperspectral imaging --- had been rather limited until recent years . beginning from ←
→ an introduction to dsmt ; the management and combination of uncertain , imprecise , fuzzy and even paradoxical or high conflicting sources of information has always been , and still remains today , of primal importance for the development of reliable modern information systems involving artificial reasoning . in this introduction , we present a survey of our recent theory of plausible and paradoxical reasoning , known as dezert - smarandache theory ( dsmt ), developed for dealing with imprecise , uncertain and conflict ←
→ mat : a multimodal attentive translator for image captioning ; in this work we formulate the problem of image captioning as a multimodal translation task . analogous to machine translation , we present a sequence - to - sequence recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) model for image caption generation . different from most existing work where the whole image is represented by convolutional neural network ( cnn ) feature , we propose to represent the input image as a sequence of detected objects which feeds as the source sequ ←
→ predicting response - function results of electrical / mechanical systems through artificial neural network ; in the present paper a newer application of artificial neural network ( ann ) has been developed i . e ., predicting response - function results of electrical - mechanical system through ann . this method is specially useful to complex systems for which it is not possible to find the response - function because of complexity of the system . the proposed approach suggests that how even without knowing the response -←
→ when is multitask learning effective ? semantic sequence prediction under varying data conditions ; multitask learning has been applied successfully to a range of tasks , mostly morphosyntactic . however , little is known on when mtl works and whether there are data characteristics that help to determine its success . in this paper we evaluate a range of semantic sequence labeling tasks in a mtl setup . we examine different auxiliary tasks , amongst which a novel setup , and correlate their impact to data - depende ←
→ attention - based models for speech recognition ; recurrent sequence generators conditioned on input data through an attention mechanism have recently shown very good performance on a range of tasks in - cluding machine translation , handwriting synthesis and image caption gen - eration . we extend the attention - mechanism with features needed for speech recognition . we show that while an adaptation of the model used for machine translation in reaches a competitive 18 . 7 % phoneme error rate ( per ) on the timit phone ←
→ ipf for discrete chain factor graphs ; iterative proportional fitting ( ipf ), combined with em , is commonly used as an algorithm for likelihood maximization in undirected graphical models . in this paper , we present two iterative algorithms that generalize upon ipf . the first one is for likelihood maximization in discrete chain factor graphs , which we define as a wide class of discrete variable models including undirected graphical models and bayesian networks , but also chain graphs and sigmoid belief network ←
→ emotion analysis platform on chinese microblog ; weibo , as the largest social media service in china , has billions of messages generated every day . the huge number of messages contain rich sentimental information . in order to analyze the emotional changes in accordance with time and space , this paper presents an emotion analysis platform ( eap ), which explores the emotional distribution of each province , so that can monitor the global pulse of each province in china . the massive data of weibo and the real - ti ←
→ machine learning for dental image analysis ; in order to study the application of artificial intelligence ( ai ) to dental imaging , we applied ai technology to classify a set of panoramic radiographs using ( a ) a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) which is a form of an artificial neural network ( ann ), ( b ) representative image cognition algorithms that implement scale - invariant feature transform ( sift ), and ( c ) histogram of oriented gradients ( hog ).←
→ incorporating relation paths in neural relation extraction ; distantly supervised relation extraction has been widely used to find novel relational facts from plain text . to predict the relation between a pair of two target entities , existing methods solely rely on those direct sentences containing both entities . in fact , there are also many sentences containing only one of the target entities , which provide rich and useful information for relation extraction . to address this issue , we build inference chain ←
→ the mirage of action - dependent baselines in reinforcement learning ; policy gradient methods are a widely used class of model - free reinforcement learning algorithms where a state - dependent baseline is used to reduce gradient estimator variance . several recent papers extend the baseline to depend on both the state and action and suggest that this significantly reduces variance and improves sample efficiency without introducing bias into the gradient estimates . to better understand this development , we decomp ←
→ convex recovery of tensors using nuclear norm penalization ; the subdifferential of convex functions of the singular spectrum of real matrices has been widely studied in matrix analysis , optimization and automatic control theory . convex analysis and optimization over spaces of tensors is now gaining much interest due to its potential applications to signal processing , statistics and engineering . the goal of this paper is to present an applications to the problem of low rank tensor recovery based on linear r ←
→ medical diagnosis using neural network ; this research is to search for alternatives to the resolution of complex medical diagnosis where human knowledge should be apprehended in a general fashion . successful application examples show that human diagnostic capabilities are significantly worse than the neural diagnostic system . this paper describes a modified feedforward neural network constructive algorithm ( mfnnca ), a new algorithm for medical diagnosis . the new constructive algorithm with backpropagation ;←
→ raid : a relation - augmented image descriptor ; as humans , we regularly interpret images based on the relations between image regions . for example , a person riding object x , or a plank bridging two objects . current methods provide limited support to search for images based on such relations . we present raid , a relation - augmented image descriptor that supports queries based on inter - region relations . the key idea of our descriptor is to capture the spatial distribution of simple point - to - region relationships t ←
→ the singular value decomposition , applications and beyond ; the singular value decomposition ( svd ) is not only a classical theory in matrix computation and analysis , but also is a powerful tool in machine learning and modern data analysis . in this tutorial we first study the basic notion of svd and then show the central role of svd in matrices . using majorization theory , we consider variational principles of singular values and eigenvalues . built on svd and a theory of symmetric gauge functions , we discuss ←
→ meta networks ; neural networks have been successfully applied in applications with a large amount of labeled data . however , the task of rapid generalization on new concepts with small training data while preserving performances on previously learned ones still presents a significant challenge to neural network models . in this work , we introduce a novel meta learning method , meta networks ( metanet ), that learns a meta - level knowledge across tasks and shifts its inductive biases via fast parameterization for ←
→ quantization based fast inner product search ; we propose a quantization based approach for fast approximate maximum inner product search ( mips ). each database vector is quantized in multiple subspaces via a set of codebooks , learned directly by minimizing the inner product quantization error . then , the inner product of a query to a database vector is approximated as the sum of inner products with the subspace quantizers . different from recently proposed lsh approaches to mips , the database vectors and quer ←
→ very fast kernel svm under budget constraints ; in this paper we propose a fast online kernel svm algorithm under tight budget constraints . we propose to split the input space using lvq and train a kernel svm in each cluster . to allow for online training , we propose to limit the size of the support vector set of each cluster using different strategies . we show in the experiment that our algorithm is able to achieve high accuracy while having a very high number of samples processed per second both in trainin ←
→ neural predictive coding using convolutional neural networks towards unsupervised learning of speaker characteristics ; learning speaker - specific features is vital in many applications like speaker recognition , diarization and speech recognition . this paper provides a novel approach , we term neural predictive coding ( npc ), to learn speaker - specific characteristics in a completely unsupervised manner from large amounts of unlabeled training data that even contain multi - speaker audio streams . the npc framew ←
→ multi - lingual geoparsing based on machine translation ; our method for multi - lingual geoparsing uses monolingual tools and resources along with machine translation and alignment to return location words in many languages . not only does our method save the time and cost of developing geoparsers for each language separately , but also it allows the possibility of a wide range of language capabilities within a single interface . we evaluated our method in our languagebridge prototype on location named entities u ←
→ towards understanding and harnessing the potential of clause learning ; efficient implementations of dpll with the addition of clause learning are the fastest complete boolean satisfiability solvers and can handle many significant real - world problems , such as verification , planning and design . despite its importance , little is known of the ultimate strengths and limitations of the technique . this paper presents the first precise characterization of clause learning as a proof system ( cl ), and begins the task ←
→ what you need to know about the state - of - the - art computational models of object - vision : a tour through the models ; models of object vision have been of great interest in computer vision and visual neuroscience . during the last decades , several models have been developed to extract visual features from images for object recognition tasks . some of these were inspired by the hierarchical structure of primate visual system , and some others were engineered models . the models are varied in several aspects : mod ←
→ oracle performance for visual captioning ; the task of associating images and videos with a natural language description has attracted a great amount of attention recently . rapid progress has been made in terms of both developing novel algorithms and releasing new datasets . indeed , the state - of - the - art results on some of the standard datasets have been pushed into the regime where it has become more and more difficult to make significant improvements . instead of proposing new models , this work investigates ←
→ winograd schema - knowledge extraction using narrative chains ; the winograd schema challenge ( wsc ) is a test of machine intelligence , designed to be an improvement on the turing test . a winograd schema consists of a sentence and a corresponding question . to successfully answer these questions , one requires the use of commonsense knowledge and reasoning . this work focuses on extracting common sense knowledge which can be used to generate answers for the winograd schema challenge . common sense knowledge is e ←
→ paying attention to multi - word expressions in neural machine translation ; processing of multi - word expressions ( mwes ) is a known problem for any natural language processing task . even neural machine translation ( nmt ) struggles to overcome it . this paper presents results of experiments on investigating nmt attention allocation to the mwes and improving automated translation of sentences that contain mwes in english -> latvian and english -> czech nmt systems . two improvement strategies were explored -( 1 ) biling ←
→ text region extraction from business card images for mobile devices ; designing a business card reader ( bcr ) for mobile devices is a challenge to the researchers because of huge deformation in acquired images , multiplicity in nature of the business cards and most importantly the computational constraints of the mobile devices . this paper presents a text extraction method designed in our work towards developing a bcr for mobile devices . at first , the background of a camera captured image is eliminated at a c ←
→ self - supervised depth learning for urban scene understanding ; as an agent moves through the world , the apparent motion of scene elements is ( usually ) inversely proportional to their depth . it is natural for a learning agent to associate image patterns with the magnitude of their displacement over time : as the agent moves , far away mountains don ' t move much ; nearby trees move a lot . this natural relationship between the appearance of objects and their motion is a rich source of information about the world . ←
→ klog : a language for logical and relational learning with kernels ; we introduce klog , a novel approach to statistical relational learning . unlike standard approaches , klog does not represent a probability distribution directly . it is rather a language to perform kernel - based learning on expressive logical and relational representations . klog allows users to specify learning problems declaratively . it builds on simple but powerful concepts : learning from interpretations , entity / relationship data modeling , l ←
→ enhancing sentence relation modeling with auxiliary character - level embedding ; neural network based approaches for sentence relation modeling automatically generate hidden matching features from raw sentence pairs . however , the quality of matching feature representation may not be satisfied due to complex semantic relations such as entailment or contradiction . to address this challenge , we propose a new deep neural network architecture that jointly leverage pre - trained word embedding and auxiliary charac ←
→ using methods of declarative logic programming for intelligent information agents ; the search for information on the web is faced with several problems , which arise on the one hand from the vast number of available sources , and on the other hand from their heterogeneity . a promising approach is the use of multi - agent systems of information agents , which cooperatively solve advanced information - retrieval problems . this requires capabilities to address complex tasks , such as search and assessment of source ←
→ speech recognition : increasing efficiency of support vector machines ; with the advancement of communication and security technologies , it has become crucial to have robustness of embedded biometric systems . this paper presents the realization of such technologies which demands reliable and error - free biometric identity verification systems . high dimensional patterns are not permitted due to eigen - decomposition in high dimensional feature space and degeneration of scattering matrices in small size sample . g ←
→ semantic segmentation using adversarial networks ; adversarial training has been shown to produce state of the art results for generative image modeling . in this paper we propose an adversarial training approach to train semantic segmentation models . we train a convolutional semantic segmentation network along with an adversarial network that discriminates segmentation maps coming either from the ground truth or from the segmentation network . the motivation for our approach is that it can detect and correct ←
→ solving visual madlibs with multiple cues ; this paper focuses on answering fill - in - the - blank style multiple choice questions from the visual madlibs dataset . previous approaches to visual question answering ( vqa ) have mainly used generic image features from networks trained on the imagenet dataset , despite the wide scope of questions . in contrast , our approach employs features derived from networks trained for specialized tasks of scene classification , person activity prediction , and person and object attr ←
→ real - time detection and tracking of multiple objects with partial decoding in h . 264 / avc bitstream domain ; in this paper , we show that we can apply probabilistic spatiotemporal macroblock filtering ( psmf ) and partial decoding processes to effectively detect and track multiple objects in real time in h . 264 | avc bitstreams with stationary background . our contribution is that our method cannot only show fast processing time but also handle multiple moving objects that are articulated , changing in size or inte ←
→ search personalization with embeddings ; recent research has shown that the performance of search personalization depends on the richness of user profiles which normally represent the user ' s topical interests . in this paper , we propose a new embedding approach to learning user profiles , where users are embedded on a topical interest space . we then directly utilize the user profiles for search personalization . experiments on query logs from a major commercial web search engine demonstrate that our embedding ←
→ role of zero synapses in unsupervised feature learning ; synapses in real neural circuits can take discrete values , including zero ( silent or potential ) synapses . the computational role of zero synapses in unsupervised feature learning of unlabeled noisy data is still unclear , thus it is important to understand how the sparseness of synaptic activity is shaped during learning and its relationship with receptive field formation . here , we formulate this kind of sparse feature learning by a statistical mechani ←
→ instance map based image synthesis with a denoising generative adversarial network ; semantic layouts based image synthesizing , which has benefited from the success of generative adversarial network ( gan ), has drawn much attention in these days . how to enhance the synthesis image equality while keeping the stochasticity of the gan is still a challenge . we propose a novel denoising framework to handle this problem . the overlapped objects generation is another challenging task when synthesizing images from ←
→ analyzing the robustness of nearest neighbors to adversarial examples ; motivated by safety - critical applications , test - time attacks on classifiers via adversarial examples has recently received a great deal of attention . however , there is a general lack of understanding on why adversarial examples arise ; whether they originate due to inherent properties of data or due to lack of training samples remains ill - understood . in this work , we introduce a theoretical framework analogous to bias - variance theory for ←
→ deep matching prior network : toward tighter multi - oriented text detection ; detecting incidental scene text is a challenging task because of multi - orientation , perspective distortion , and variation of text size , color and scale . retrospective research has only focused on using rectangular bounding box or horizontal sliding window to localize text , which may result in redundant background noise , unnecessary overlap or even information loss . to address these issues , we propose a new convolutional neural net ←
→ self - replicating strands that self - assemble into user - specified meshes ; it has been argued that a central objective of nanotechnology is to make products inexpensively , and that self - replication is an effective approach to very low - cost manufacturing . the research presented here is intended to be a step towards this vision . in previous work ( johnnyvon 1 . 0 ), we simulated machines that bonded together to form self - replicating strands . there were two types of machines ( called types 0 and 1 ), which enabled str ←
→ local feature or mel frequency cepstral coefficients - which one is better for mln - based bangla speech recognition ? ; this paper discusses the dominancy of local features ( lfs ), as input to the multilayer neural network ( mln ), extracted from a bangla input speech over mel frequency cepstral coefficients ( mfccs ). here , lf - based method comprises three stages : ( i ) lf extraction from input speech , ( ii ) phoneme probabilities extraction using mln from lf and ( iii ) the hidden markov model ( hmm ) based classifier ←
→ generative cooperative net for image generation and data augmentation ; how to build a good model for image generation given an abstract concept is a fundamental problem in computer vision . in this paper , we explore a generative model for the task of generating unseen images with desired features . we propose the generative cooperative net ( gcn ) for image generation . the idea is similar to generative adversarial networks except that the generators and discriminators are trained to work accordingly . our exper ←
→ complexity results and approximation strategies for map explanations ; map is the problem of finding a most probable instantiation of a set of variables given evidence . map has always been perceived to be significantly harder than the related problems of computing the probability of a variable instantiation pr , or the problem of computing the most probable explanation ( mpe ). this paper investigates the complexity of map in bayesian networks . specifically , we show that map is complete for np ^ pp and provide f ←
→ imagenet mpeg - 7 visual descriptors - technical report ; imagenet is a large scale and publicly available image database . it currently offers more than 14 millions of images , organised according to the wordnet hierarchy . one of the main objective of the creators is to provide to the research community a relevant database for visual recognition applications such as object recognition , image classification or object localisation . however , only a few visual descriptors of the images are available to be used by ←
→ increasing the interpretability of recurrent neural networks using hidden markov models ; as deep neural networks continue to revolutionize various application domains , there is increasing interest in making these powerful models more understandable and interpretable , and narrowing down the causes of good and bad predictions . we focus on recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), state of the art models in speech recognition and translation . our approach to increasing interpretability is by combining an rnn with a ←
→ a sober look at spectral learning ; spectral learning recently generated lots of excitement in machine learning , largely because it is the first known method to produce consistent estimates ( under suitable conditions ) for several latent variable models . in contrast , maximum likelihood estimates may get trapped in local optima due to the non - convex nature of the likelihood function of latent variable models . in this paper , we do an empirical evaluation of spectral learning ( sl ) and expectation maximization (←
→ a novel approach to skew - detection and correction of english alphabets for ocr ; optical character recognition has been a challenging field in the advent of digital computers . it is needed where information is to be readable both to humans and machines . the process of ocr is composed of a set of pre and post processing steps that decide the level of accuracy of recognition . this paper deals with one of the pre - processing steps involved in the ocr process i . e . skew ( slant ) detection and correction . the pro ←
→ hyperspectral band selection using unsupervised non - linear deep auto encoder to train external classifiers ; hyperspectral image classification often requires selecting the most informative bands instead of processing the whole data without losing the geometrical representation of the data . existing dimensionality reduction and band selection methods have the capability to reveal the nonlinear properties exhibited in the data but at the expense of losing its geometrical representation . to cope with the sa ←
→ nonlinear spectral image fusion ; in this paper we demonstrate that the framework of nonlinear spectral decompositions based on total variation ( tv ) regularization is very well suited for image fusion as well as more general image manipulation tasks . the well - localized and edge - preserving spectral tv decomposition allows to select frequencies of a certain image to transfer particular features , such as wrinkles in a face , from one image to another . we illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach in ←
→ cortical surface co - registration based on mri images and photos ; brain shift , i . e . the change in configuration of the brain after opening the dura mater , is a key problem in neuronavigation . we present an approach to co - register intra - operative microscope images with pre - operative mri to adapt and optimize intra - operative neuronavigation . the tools are a robust classification of sulci on mri extracted cortical surfaces , guided user marking of most prominent sulci on a microscope image , and the actual varia ←
→ learning dilation factors for semantic segmentation of street scenes ; contextual information is crucial for semantic segmentation . however , finding the optimal trade - off between keeping desired fine details and at the same time providing sufficiently large receptive fields is non trivial . this is even more so , when objects or classes present in an image significantly vary in size . dilated convolutions have proven valuable for semantic segmentation , because they allow to increase the size of the receptive f ←
→ new candidates welcome ! possible winners with respect to the addition of new candidates ; in voting contexts , some new candidates may show up in the course of the process . in this case , we may want to determine which of the initial candidates are possible winners , given that a fixed number $ k $ of new candidates will be added . we give a computational study of this problem , focusing on scoring rules , and we provide a formal comparison with related problems such as control via adding candidates or cloning .←
→ a continuum of optimal primal - dual algorithms for convex composite minimization problems with applications to structured sparsity ; many statistical learning problems can be posed as minimization of a sum of two convex functions , one typically a composition of non - smooth and linear functions . examples include regression under structured sparsity assumptions . popular algorithms for solving such problems , e . g ., admm , often involve non - trivial optimization subproblems or smoothing approximation . we consider ←
→ exploring latent semantic factors to find useful product reviews ; online reviews provided by consumers are a valuable asset for e - commerce platforms , influencing potential consumers in making purchasing decisions . however , these reviews are of varying quality , with the useful ones buried deep within a heap of non - informative reviews . in this work , we attempt to automatically identify review quality in terms of its helpfulness to the end consumers . in contrast to previous works in this domain exploiting a v ←
→ feature - augmented neural networks for patient note de - identification ; patient notes contain a wealth of information of potentially great interest to medical investigators . however , to protect patients ' privacy , protected health information ( phi ) must be removed from the patient notes before they can be legally released , a process known as patient note de - identification . the main objective for a de - identification system is to have the highest possible recall . recently , the first neural - network - based de - iden ←
→ segmentation and classification of skin lesions for disease diagnosis ; in this paper , a novel approach for automatic segmentation and classification of skin lesions is proposed . initially , skin images are filtered to remove unwanted hairs and noise and then the segmentation process is carried out to extract lesion areas . for segmentation , a region growing method is applied by automatic initialization of seed points . the segmentation performance is measured with different well known measures and the results ←
→ a complete characterization of optimal dictionaries for least squares representation ; dictionaries are collections of vectors used for representations of elements in euclidean spaces . while recent research on optimal dictionaries is focussed on providing sparse ( i . e ., $\ ell_0 $- optimal ,) representations , here we consider the problem of finding optimal dictionaries such that representations of samples of a random vector are optimal in an $\ ell_2 $- sense . for us , optimality of representation is equivalent to ←
→ linear ensembles of word embedding models ; this paper explores linear methods for combining several word embedding models into an ensemble . we construct the combined models using an iterative method based on either ordinary least squares regression or the solution to the orthogonal procrustes problem . we evaluate the proposed approaches on estonian --- a morphologically complex language , for which the available corpora for training word embeddings are relatively small . we compare both combined models with ←
→ pid parameters optimization by using genetic algorithm ; time delays are components that make time - lag in systems response . they arise in physical , chemical , biological and economic systems , as well as in the process of measurement and computation . in this work , we implement genetic algorithm ( ga ) in determining pid controller parameters to compensate the delay in first order lag plus time delay ( folpd ) and compare the results with iterative method and ziegler - nichols rule results .←
→ degeneracy : a link between evolvability , robustness and complexity in biological systems ; a full accounting of biological robustness remains elusive ; both in terms of the mechanisms by which robustness is achieved and the forces that have caused robustness to grow over evolutionary time . although its importance to topics such as ecosystem services and resilience is well recognized , the broader relationship between robustness and evolution is only starting to be fully appreciated . a renewed interest in th ←
→ knowledge completion for generics using guided tensor factorization ; given a knowledge base ( kb ) rich in facts about common nouns or generics , such as " all trees produce oxygen " or " some animals live in forests ", we consider the problem of deriving additional such facts at a high precision . while this problem has received much attention for named entity kbs such as freebase , little emphasis has been placed on generics despite their importance for capturing general knowledge . different from named entity kbs ←
→ brachiaria species identification using imaging techniques based on fractal descriptors ; the use of a rapid and accurate method in diagnosis and classification of species and / or cultivars of forage has practical relevance , scientific and trade in various areas of study . thus , leaf samples of fodder plant species \ textit { brachiaria } were previously identified , collected and scanned to be treated by means of artificial vision to make the database and be used in subsequent classifications . forage crops used ←
→ performance analysis of estimation of distribution algorithm and genetic algorithm in zone routing protocol ; in this paper , estimation of distribution algorithm ( eda ) is used for zone routing protocol ( zrp ) in mobile ad - hoc network ( manet ) instead of genetic algorithm ( ga ). it is an evolutionary approach , and used when the network size grows and the search space increases . when the destination is outside the zone , eda is applied to find the route with minimum cost and time . the implementation of proposed ←
→ learning to segment moving objects in videos ; we segment moving objects in videos by ranking spatio - temporal segment proposals according to " moving objectness ": how likely they are to contain a moving object . in each video frame , we compute segment proposals using multiple figure - ground segmentations on per frame motion boundaries . we rank them with a moving objectness detector trained on image and motion fields to detect moving objects and discard over / under segmentations or background parts of the scene .←
→ gradnorm : gradient normalization for adaptive loss balancing in deep multitask networks ; deep multitask networks , in which one neural network produces multiple predictive outputs , are more scalable and often better regularized than their single - task counterparts . such advantages can potentially lead to gains in both speed and performance , but multitask networks are also difficult to train without finding the right balance between tasks . we present a novel gradient normalization ( gradnorm ) technique which ←
→ alleviating catastrophic forgetting using context - dependent gating and synaptic stabilization ; humans and most animals can learn new tasks without forgetting old ones . however , training artificial neural networks ( anns ) on new tasks typically cause it to forget previously learned tasks . this phenomenon is the result of " catastrophic forgetting ", in which training an ann disrupts connection weights that were important for solving previous tasks , degrading task performance . several recent studies have prop ←
→ translating between horn representations and their characteristic models ; characteristic models are an alternative , model based , representation for horn expressions . it has been shown that these two representations are incomparable and each has its advantages over the other . it is therefore natural to ask what is the cost of translating , back and forth , between these representations . interestingly , the same translation questions arise in database theory , where it has applications to the design of relationa ←
→ a light transport model for mitigating multipath interference in tof sensors ; continuous - wave time - of - flight ( tof ) range imaging has become a commercially viable technology with many applications in computer vision and graphics . however , the depth images obtained from tof cameras contain scene dependent errors due to multipath interference ( mpi ). specifically , mpi occurs when multiple optical reflections return to a single spatial location on the imaging sensor . many prior approaches to rectifying mpi re ←
→ attribute value weighting in k - modes clustering ; in this paper , the traditional k - modes clustering algorithm is extended by weighting attribute value matches in dissimilarity computation . the use of attribute value weighting technique makes it possible to generate clusters with stronger intra - similarities , and therefore achieve better clustering performance . experimental results on real life datasets show that these value weighting based k - modes algorithms are superior to the standard k - modes algorithm wit ←
→ on applying neuro - computing in e - com domain ; prior studies have generally suggested that artificial neural networks ( anns ) are superior to conventional statistical models in predicting consumer buying behavior . there are , however , contradicting findings which raise question over usefulness of anns . this paper discusses development of three neural networks for modeling consumer e - commerce behavior and compares the findings to equivalent logistic regression models . the results showed that anns predict e - co ←
→ comparing human and machine errors in conversational speech transcription ; recent work in automatic recognition of conversational telephone speech ( cts ) has achieved accuracy levels comparable to human transcribers , although there is some debate how to precisely quantify human performance on this task , using the nist 2000 cts evaluation set . this raises the question what systematic differences , if any , may be found differentiating human from machine transcription errors . in this paper we approach this qu ←
→ shotgunwsd : an unsupervised algorithm for global word sense disambiguation inspired by dna sequencing ; in this paper , we present a novel unsupervised algorithm for word sense disambiguation ( wsd ) at the document level . our algorithm is inspired by a widely - used approach in the field of genetics for whole genome sequencing , known as the shotgun sequencing technique . the proposed wsd algorithm is based on three main steps . first , a brute - force wsd algorithm is applied to short context windows ( up to 10 wor ←
→ multilinear biased discriminant analysis : a novel method for facial action unit representation ; in this paper a novel efficient method for representation of facial action units by encoding an image sequence as a fourth - order tensor is presented . the multilinear tensor - based extension of the biased discriminant analysis ( bda ) algorithm , called multilinear biased discriminant analysis ( mbda ), is first proposed . then , we apply the mbda and two - dimensional bda ( 2dbda ) algorithms , as the dimensionality reduct ←
→ sentiment analysis : a survey ; sentiment analysis ( also known as opinion mining ) refers to the use of natural language processing , text analysis and computational linguistics to identify and extract subjective information in source materials . mining opinions expressed in the user generated content is a challenging yet practically very useful problem . this survey would cover various approaches and methodology used in sentiment analysis and opinion mining in general . the focus would be on internet text like , ←
→ material classification using neural networks ; the recognition and classification of the diversity of materials that exist in the environment around us are a key visual competence that computer vision systems focus on in recent years . understanding the identification of materials in distinct images involves a deep process that has made usage of the recent progress in neural networks which has brought the potential to train architectures to extract features for this challenging task . this project uses state ←
→ uncertainty - aware organ classification for surgical data science applications in laparoscopy ; objective : surgical data science is evolving into a research field that aims to observe everything occurring within and around the treatment process to provide situation - aware data - driven assistance . in the context of endoscopic video analysis , the accurate classification of organs in the field of view of the camera proffers a technical challenge . herein , we propose a new approach to anatomical structure classif ←
→ constraint programming for planning test campaigns of communications satellites ; the payload of communications satellites must go through a series of tests to assert their ability to survive in space . each test involves some equipment of the payload to be active , which has an impact on the temperature of the payload . sequencing these tests in a way that ensures the thermal stability of the payload and minimizes the overall duration of the test campaign is a very important objective for satellite manufact ←
→ a closed - form model for image - based distant lighting ; in this paper , we present a new mathematical foundation for image - based lighting . using a simple manipulation of the local coordinate system , we derive a closed - form solution to the light integral equation under distant environment illumination . we derive our solution for different brdf ' s such as lambertian and phong - like . the method is free of noise , and provides the possibility of using the full spectrum of frequencies captured by images taken from th ←
→ object tracking via dynamic feature selection processes ; dfst proposes an optimized visual tracking algorithm based on the real - time selection of locally and temporally discriminative features . a feature selection mechanism is embedded in the adaptive colour names ( cn ) tracking system that adaptively selects the top - ranked discriminative features for tracking . dfst provides a significant gain in accuracy and precision allowing the use of a dynamic set of features that results in an increased system flexibi ←
→ an introduction to conditional random fields ; often we wish to predict a large number of variables that depend on each other as well as on other observed variables . structured prediction methods are essentially a combination of classification and graphical modeling , combining the ability of graphical models to compactly model multivariate data with the ability of classification methods to perform prediction using large sets of input features . this tutorial describes conditional random fields , a popular pro ←
→ adaptive bound optimization for online convex optimization ; we introduce a new online convex optimization algorithm that adaptively chooses its regularization function based on the loss functions observed so far . this is in contrast to previous algorithms that use a fixed regularization function such as l2 - squared , and modify it only via a single time - dependent parameter . our algorithm ' s regret bounds are worst - case optimal , and for certain realistic classes of loss functions they are much better than exis ←
→ automated map reading : image based localisation in 2 - d maps using binary semantic descriptors ; we describe a novel approach to image based localisation in urban environments using semantic matching between images and a 2 - d map . it contrasts with the vast majority of existing approaches which use image to image database matching . we use highly compact binary descriptors to represent semantic features at locations , significantly increasing scalability compared with existing methods and having the potential ←
→ a robust indoor scene recognition method based on sparse representation ; in this paper , we present a robust method for scene recognition , which leverages convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) features and sparse coding setting by creating a new representation of indoor scenes . although cnns highly benefited the fields of computer vision and pattern recognition , convolutional layers adjust weights on a global - approach , which might lead to losing important local details such as objects and small structures . o ←
→ what ' s in an ` is about ' link ? chemical diagrams and the information artifact ontology ; the information artifact ontology is an ontology in the domain of information entities . core to the definition of what it is to be an information entity is the claim that an information entity must be ` about ' something , which is encoded in an axiom expressing that all information entities are about some entity . this axiom comes into conflict with ontological realism , since many information entities seem to be about non ←
→ fingerprint verification based on gabor filter enhancement ; human fingerprints are reliable characteristics for personnel identification as it is unique and persistence . a fingerprint pattern consists of ridges , valleys and minutiae . in this paper we propose fingerprint verification based on gabor filter enhancement ( fvgfe ) algorithm for minutiae feature extraction and post processing based on 9 pixel neighborhood . a global feature extraction and fingerprints enhancement are based on hong enhancement metho ←
→ leveraging unstructured data to detect emerging reliability issues ; unstructured data refers to information that does not have a predefined data model or is not organized in a pre - defined manner . loosely speaking , unstructured data refers to text data that is generated by humans . in after - sales service businesses , there are two main sources of unstructured data : customer complaints , which generally describe symptoms , and technician comments , which outline diagnostics and treatment information . a legitimate ←
→ mismatch in the classification of linear subspaces : sufficient conditions for reliable classification ; this paper considers the classification of linear subspaces with mismatched classifiers . in particular , we assume a model where one observes signals in the presence of isotropic gaussian noise and the distribution of the signals conditioned on a given class is gaussian with a zero mean and a low - rank covariance matrix . we also assume that the classifier knows only a mismatched version of the parameters ←
→ squad : 100 , 000 + questions for machine comprehension of text ; we present the stanford question answering dataset ( squad ), a new reading comprehension dataset consisting of 100 , 000 + questions posed by crowdworkers on a set of wikipedia articles , where the answer to each question is a segment of text from the corresponding reading passage . we analyze the dataset to understand the types of reasoning required to answer the questions , leaning heavily on dependency and constituency trees . we build a strong logist ←
→ hmm speaker identification using linear and non - linear merging techniques ; speaker identification is a powerful , non - invasive and in - expensive biometric technique . the recognition accuracy , however , deteriorates when noise levels affect a specific band of frequency . in this paper , we present a sub - band based speaker identification that intends to improve the live testing performance . each frequency sub - band is processed and classified independently . we also compare the linear and non - linear merging techn ←
→ dataset augmentation for pose and lighting invariant face recognition ; the performance of modern face recognition systems is a function of the dataset on which they are trained . most datasets are largely biased toward " near - frontal " views with benign lighting conditions , negatively effecting recognition performance on images that do not meet these criteria . the proposed approach demonstrates how a baseline training set can be augmented to increase pose and lighting variability using semi - synthetic images w ←
→ classification of log - polar - visual eigenfaces using multilayer perceptron ; in this paper we present a simple novel approach to tackle the challenges of scaling and rotation of face images in face recognition . the proposed approach registers the training and testing visual face images by log - polar transformation , which is capable to handle complicacies introduced by scaling and rotation . log - polar images are projected into eigenspace and finally classified using an improved multi - layer perceptron . in the ←
→ integrating structured metadata with relational affinity propagation ; structured and semi - structured data describing entities , taxonomies and ontologies appears in many domains . there is a huge interest in integrating structured information from multiple sources ; however integrating structured data to infer complex common structures is a difficult task because the integration must aggregate similar structures while avoiding structural inconsistencies that may appear when the data is combined . in this work ,←
→ adversarial connective - exploiting networks for implicit discourse relation classification ; implicit discourse relation classification is of great challenge due to the lack of connectives as strong linguistic cues , which motivates the use of annotated implicit connectives to improve the recognition . we propose a feature imitation framework in which an implicit relation network is driven to learn from another neural network with access to connectives , and thus encouraged to extract similarly salient featur ←
→ deepedge : a multi - scale bifurcated deep network for top - down contour detection ; contour detection has been a fundamental component in many image segmentation and object detection systems . most previous work utilizes low - level features such as texture or saliency to detect contours and then use them as cues for a higher - level task such as object detection . however , we claim that recognizing objects and predicting contours are two mutually related tasks . contrary to traditional approaches , we show that we ←
→ probabilistic interpretations for mycin ' s certainty factors ; this paper examines the quantities used by mycin to reason with uncertainty , called certainty factors . it is shown that the original definition of certainty factors is inconsistent with the functions used in mycin to combine the quantities . this inconsistency is used to argue for a redefinition of certainty factors in terms of the intuitively appealing desiderata associated with the combining functions . it is shown that this redefinition accommod ←
→ efficient independence - based map approach for robust markov networks structure discovery ; this work introduces the ib - score , a family of independence - based score functions for robust learning of markov networks independence structures . markov networks are a widely used graphical representation of probability distributions , with many applications in several fields of science . the main advantage of the ib - score is the possibility of computing it without the need of estimation of the numerical parameters , a ←
→ a biomedical information extraction primer for nlp researchers ; biomedical information extraction is an exciting field at the crossroads of natural language processing , biology and medicine . it encompasses a variety of different tasks that require application of state - of - the - art nlp techniques , such as ner and relation extraction . this paper provides an overview of the problems in the field and discusses some of the techniques used for solving them .←
→ a framework for easing the development of applications embedding answer set programming ; answer set programming ( asp ) is a well - established declarative problem solving paradigm which became widely used in ai and recognized as a powerful tool for knowledge representation and reasoning ( krr ), especially for its high expressiveness and the ability to deal also with incomplete knowledge . recently , thanks to the availability of a number of robust and efficient implementations , asp has been increasingly empl ←
→ mean field residual networks : on the edge of chaos ; we study randomly initialized residual networks using mean field theory and the theory of difference equations . classical feedforward neural networks , such as those with tanh activations , exhibit exponential behavior on the average when propagating inputs forward or gradients backward . the exponential forward dynamics causes rapid collapsing of the input space geometry , while the exponential backward dynamics causes drastic vanishing or exploding gradient ←
→ optimization on product submanifolds of convolution kernels ; recent advances in optimization methods used for training convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) with kernels , which are normalized according to particular constraints , have shown remarkable success . this work introduces an approach for training cnns using ensembles of joint spaces of kernels constructed using different constraints . for this purpose , we address a problem of optimization on ensembles of products of submanifolds ( pems ) of convolution ←
→ scan : structure correcting adversarial network for organ segmentation in chest x - rays ; chest x - ray ( cxr ) is one of the most commonly prescribed medical imaging procedures , often with over 2 - 10x more scans than other imaging modalities such as mri , ct scan , and pet scans . these voluminous cxr scans place significant workloads on radiologists and medical practitioners . organ segmentation is a crucial step to obtain effective computer - aided detection on cxr . in this work , we propose structure correcting adv ←
→ studying positive speech on twitter ; we present results of empirical studies on positive speech on twitter . by positive speech we understand speech that works for the betterment of a given situation , in this case relations between different communities in a conflict - prone country . we worked with four twitter data sets . through semi - manual opinion mining , we found that positive speech accounted for < 1 % of the data . in fully automated studies , we tested two approaches : unsupervised statistical analysis , an ←
→ from images to 3d shape attributes ; our goal in this paper is to investigate properties of 3d shape that can be determined from a single image . we define 3d shape attributes -- generic properties of the shape that capture curvature , contact and occupied space . our first objective is to infer these 3d shape attributes from a single image . a second objective is to infer a 3d shape embedding -- a low dimensional vector representing the 3d shape . we study how the 3d shape attributes and embedding can be obta ←
→ bayesian poisson tensor factorization for inferring multilateral relations from sparse dyadic event counts ; we present a bayesian tensor factorization model for inferring latent group structures from dynamic pairwise interaction patterns . for decades , political scientists have collected and analyzed records of the form " country $ i $ took action $ a $ toward country $ j $ at time $ t $"--- known as dyadic events --- in order to form and test theories of international relations . we represent these event data as a te ←
→ rsi - cb : a large scale remote sensing image classification benchmark via crowdsource data ; remote sensing image classification is a fundamental task in remote sensing image processing . remote sensing field still lacks of such a large - scale benchmark compared to imagenet , place2 . we propose a remote sensing image classification benchmark ( rsi - cb ) based on crowd - source data which is massive , scalable , and diversity . using crowdsource data , we can efficiently annotate ground objects in remotes sensing image ←
→ mining sub - interval relationships in time series data ; time - series data is being increasingly collected and stud - ied in several areas such as neuroscience , climate science , transportation , and social media . discovery of complex patterns of relationships between individual time - series , using data - driven approaches can improve our understanding of real - world systems . while traditional approaches typically study relationships between two entire time series , many interesting relationships in real - world applic ←
→ sar image segmentation using vector quantization technique on entropy images ; the development and application of various remote sensing platforms result in the production of huge amounts of satellite image data . therefore , there is an increasing need for effective querying and browsing in these image databases . in order to take advantage and make good use of satellite images data , we must be able to extract meaningful information from the imagery . hence we proposed a new algorithm for sar image segmentat ←
→ relevance - based word embedding ; learning a high - dimensional dense representation for vocabulary terms , also known as a word embedding , has recently attracted much attention in natural language processing and information retrieval tasks . the embedding vectors are typically learned based on term proximity in a large corpus . this means that the objective in well - known word embedding algorithms , e . g ., word2vec , is to accurately predict adjacent word ( s ) for a given word or context . however , this objective is no ←
→ connectionist theory refinement : genetically searching the space of network topologies ; an algorithm that learns from a set of examples should ideally be able to exploit the available resources of ( a ) abundant computing power and ( b ) domain - specific knowledge to improve its ability to generalize . connectionist theory - refinement systems , which use background knowledge to select a neural network ' s topology and initial weights , have proven to be effective at exploiting domain - specific knowledge ; however , mo ←
→ structure optimization for deep multimodal fusion networks using graph - induced kernels ; a popular testbed for deep learning has been multimodal recognition of human activity or gesture involving diverse inputs such as video , audio , skeletal pose and depth images . deep learning architectures have excelled on such problems due to their ability to combine modality representations at different levels of nonlinear feature extraction . however , designing an optimal architecture in which to fuse such learned rep ←
→ the clac discourse parser at conll - 2015 ; this paper describes our submission ( kosseim15 ) to the conll - 2015 shared task on shallow discourse parsing . we used the uima framework to develop our parser and used cleartk to add machine learning functionality to the uima framework . overall , our parser achieves a result of 17 . 3 f1 on the identification of discourse relations on the blind conll - 2015 test set , ranking in sixth place .←
→ notes about a more aware dependency parser ; in this paper i explain the reasons that led me to research and conceive a novel technology for dependency parsing , mixing together the strengths of data - driven transition - based and constraint - based approaches . in particular i highlight the problem to infer the reliability of the results of a data - driven transition - based parser , which is extremely important for high - level processes that expect to use correct parsing results . i then briefly introduce a number of n ←
→ a comparison of bandwidth selectors for mean shift clustering ; we explore the performance of several automatic bandwidth selectors , originally designed for density gradient estimation , as data - based procedures for nonparametric , modal clustering . the key tool to obtain a clustering from density gradient estimators is the mean shift algorithm , which allows to obtain a partition not only of the data sample , but also of the whole space . the results of our simulation study suggest that most of the methods cons ←
→ failures of gradient - based deep learning ; in recent years , deep learning has become the go - to solution for a broad range of applications , often outperforming state - of - the - art . however , it is important , for both theoreticians and practitioners , to gain a deeper understanding of the difficulties and limitations associated with common approaches and algorithms . we describe four types of simple problems , for which the gradient - based algorithms commonly used in deep learning either fail or suffer from significa ←
→ automated machine learning on big data using stochastic algorithm tuning ; we introduce a means of automating machine learning ( ml ) for big data tasks , by performing scalable stochastic bayesian optimisation of ml algorithm parameters and hyper - parameters . more often than not , the critical tuning of ml algorithm parameters has relied on domain expertise from experts , along with laborious hand - tuning , brute search or lengthy sampling runs . against this background , bayesian optimisation is finding increasing ←
→ cooperative learning with visual attributes ; learning paradigms involving varying levels of supervision have received a lot of interest within the computer vision and machine learning communities . the supervisory information is typically considered to come from a human supervisor -- a " teacher " figure . in this paper , we consider an alternate source of supervision -- a " peer " -- i . e . a different machine . we introduce cooperative learning , where two agents trying to learn the same visual concepts , but in pot ←
→ fraternal dropout ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are important class of architectures among neural networks useful for language modeling and sequential prediction . however , optimizing rnns is known to be harder compared to feed - forward neural networks . a number of techniques have been proposed in literature to address this problem . in this paper we propose a simple technique called fraternal dropout that takes advantage of dropout to achieve this goal . specifically , we propose to train two identical cop ←
→ dictionary learning for fast classification based on soft - thresholding ; classifiers based on sparse representations have recently been shown to provide excellent results in many visual recognition and classification tasks . however , the high cost of computing sparse representations at test time is a major obstacle that limits the applicability of these methods in large - scale problems , or in scenarios where computational power is restricted . we consider in this paper a simple yet efficient alternative to spa ←
→ fingers ' angle calculation using level - set method ; in the current age , use of natural communication in human computer interaction is a known and well installed thought . hand gesture recognition and gesture based applications has gained a significant amount of popularity amongst people all over the world . it has a number of applications ranging from security to entertainment . these applications generally are real time applications and need fast , accurate communication with machines . on the other end , gestur ←
→ positive definite matrices and the s - divergence ; positive definite matrices abound in a dazzling variety of applications . this ubiquity can be in part attributed to their rich geometric structure : positive definite matrices form a self - dual convex cone whose strict interior is a riemannian manifold . the manifold view is endowed with a " natural " distance function while the conic view is not . nevertheless , drawing motivation from the conic view , we introduce the s - divergence as a " natural " distance - like func ←
→ a new result on the complexity of heuristic estimates for the a * algorithm ; relaxed models are abstract problem descriptions generated by ignoring constraints that are present in base - level problems . they play an important role in planning and search algorithms , as it has been shown that the length of an optimal solution to a relaxed model yields a monotone heuristic for an a ? search of a base - level problem . optimal solutions to a relaxed model may be computed algorithmically or by search in a further re ←
→ extracting a bilingual semantic grammar from framenet - annotated corpora ; we present the creation of an english - swedish framenet - based grammar in grammatical framework . the aim of this research is to make existing framenets computationally accessible for multilingual natural language applications via a common semantic grammar api , and to facilitate the porting of such grammar to other languages . in this paper , we describe the abstract syntax of the semantic grammar while focusing on its automatic extraction ←
→ armstrong ' s axioms and navigation strategies ; the paper investigates navigability with imperfect information . it shows that the properties of navigability with perfect recall are exactly those captured by armstrong ' s axioms from the database theory . if the assumption of perfect recall is omitted , then armstrong ' s transitivity axiom is not valid , but it can be replaced by two new weaker principles . the main technical results are soundness and completeness theorems for the logical systems describing properti ←
→ model - agnostic meta - learning for fast adaptation of deep networks ; we propose an algorithm for meta - learning that is model - agnostic , in the sense that it is compatible with any model trained with gradient descent and applicable to a variety of different learning problems , including classification , regression , and reinforcement learning . the goal of meta - learning is to train a model on a variety of learning tasks , such that it can solve new learning tasks using only a small number of training samples . in ou ←
→ hierarchical gaussian mixture model with objects attached to terminal and non - terminal dendrogram nodes ; a hierarchical clustering algorithm based on gaussian mixture model is presented . the key difference to regular hierarchical mixture models is the ability to store objects in both terminal and nonterminal nodes . upper levels of the hierarchy contain sparsely distributed objects , while lower levels contain densely represented ones . as it was shown by experiments , this ability helps in noise detection (←
→ quantum annealing for clustering ; this paper studies quantum annealing ( qa ) for clustering , which can be seen as an extension of simulated annealing ( sa ). we derive a qa algorithm for clustering and propose an annealing schedule , which is crucial in practice . experiments show the proposed qa algorithm finds better clustering assignments than sa . furthermore , qa is as easy as sa to implement .←
→ moco : fast motion correction for calcium imaging ; motion correction is the first in a pipeline of algorithms to analyze calcium imaging videos and extract biologically relevant information , for example the network structure of the neurons therein . fast motion correction would be especially critical for closed - loop activity triggered stimulation experiments , where accurate detection and targeting of specific cells in necessary . our algorithm uses a fourier - transform approach , and its efficiency derives from ←
→ linear convergence of the primal - dual gradient method for convex - concave saddle point problems without strong convexity ; we consider the convex - concave saddle point problem $\ min_ { x }\ max_ { y } f ( x )+ y ^\ top a x - g ( y )$ where $ f $ is smooth and convex and $ g $ is smooth and strongly convex . we prove that if the coupling matrix $ a $ has full column rank , the vanilla primal - dual gradient method can achieve linear convergence even if $ f $ is not strongly convex . our result generalizes previous work which either requir ←
→ algebraic foundations of split hypercomplex nonlinear adaptive filtering ; a split hypercomplex learning algorithm for the training of nonlinear finite impulse response adaptive filters for the processing of hypercomplex signals of any dimension is proposed . the derivation strictly takes into account the laws of hypercomplex algebra and hypercomplex calculus , some of which have been neglected in existing learning approaches ( e . g . for quaternions ). already in the case of quaternions we can predict improvemen ←
→ 2 - bit random projections , nonlinear estimators , and approximate near neighbor search ; the method of random projections has become a standard tool for machine learning , data mining , and search with massive data at web scale . the effective use of random projections requires efficient coding schemes for quantizing ( real - valued ) projected data into integers . in this paper , we focus on a simple 2 - bit coding scheme . in particular , we develop accurate nonlinear estimators of data similarity based on the 2 - bit s ←
→ matrix factorization with binary components ; motivated by an application in computational biology , we consider low - rank matrix factorization with $\{ 0 , 1 \}$- constraints on one of the factors and optionally convex constraints on the second one . in addition to the non - convexity shared with other matrix factorization schemes , our problem is further complicated by a combinatorial constraint set of size $ 2 ^{ m \ cdot r }$, where $ m $ is the dimension of the data points and $ r $ the rank of the factorization . despite ←
→ towards stationary time - vertex signal processing ; graph - based methods for signal processing have shown promise for the analysis of data exhibiting irregular structure , such as those found in social , transportation , and sensor networks . yet , though these systems are often dynamic , state - of - the - art methods for signal processing on graphs ignore the dimension of time , treating successive graph signals independently or taking a global average . to address this shortcoming , this paper considers the statistical a ←
→ unsupervised temporal context learning using convolutional neural networks for laparoscopic workflow analysis ; computer - assisted surgery ( cas ) aims to provide the surgeon with the right type of assistance at the right moment . such assistance systems are especially relevant in laparoscopic surgery , where cas can alleviate some of the drawbacks that surgeons incur . for many assistance functions , e . g . displaying the location of a tumor at the appropriate time or suggesting what instruments to prepare next , ←
→ mkl - rt : multiple kernel learning for ratio - trace problems via convex optimization ; in the recent past , automatic selection or combination of kernels ( or features ) based on multiple kernel learning ( mkl ) approaches has been receiving significant attention from various research communities . though mkl has been extensively studied in the context of support vector machines ( svm ), it is relatively less explored for ratio - trace problems . in this paper , we show that mkl can be formulated as a convex optimizatio ←
→ generalized zero - shot learning for action recognition with web - scale video data ; action recognition in surveillance video makes our life safer by detecting the criminal events or predicting violent emergencies . however , efficient action recognition is not free of difficulty . first , there are so many action classes in daily life that we cannot pre - define all possible action classes beforehand . moreover , it is very hard to collect real - word videos for certain particular actions such as steal and street fig ←
→ random forest for the contextual bandit problem - extended version ; to address the contextual bandit problem , we propose an online random forest algorithm . the analysis of the proposed algorithm is based on the sample complexity needed to find the optimal decision stump . then , the decision stumps are assembled in a random collection of decision trees , bandit forest . we show that the proposed algorithm is optimal up to logarithmic factors . the dependence of the sample complexity upon the number of contextua ←
→ structured pruning of deep convolutional neural networks ; real time application of deep learning algorithms is often hindered by high computational complexity and frequent memory accesses . network pruning is a promising technique to solve this problem . however , pruning usually results in irregular network connections that not only demand extra representation efforts but also do not fit well on parallel computation . we introduce structured sparsity at various scales for convolutional neural networks , which ←
→ segmentation of large images based on super - pixels and community detection in graphs ; image segmentation has many applications which range from machine learning to medical diagnosis . in this paper , we propose a framework for the segmentation of images based on super - pixels and algorithms for community identification in graphs . the super - pixel pre - segmentation step reduces the number of nodes in the graph , rendering the method the ability to process large images . moreover , community detection algorithms p ←
→ semi - supervised learning for discrete choice models ; we introduce a semi - supervised discrete choice model to calibrate discrete choice models when relatively few requests have both choice sets and stated preferences but the majority only have the choice sets . two classic semi - supervised learning algorithms , the expectation maximization algorithm and the cluster - and - label algorithm , have been adapted to our choice modeling problem setting . we also develop two new algorithms based on the cluster - and - label al ←
→ voronoi - based compact image descriptors : efficient region - of - interest retrieval with vlad and deep - learning - based descriptors ; we investigate the problem of image retrieval based on visual queries when the latter comprise arbitrary regions - of - interest ( roi ) rather than entire images . our proposal is a compact image descriptor that combines the state - of - the - art in content - based descriptor extraction with a multi - level , voronoi - based spatial partitioning of each dataset image . the proposed multi - level voro ←
→ taming wild high dimensional text data with a fuzzy lash ; the bag of words ( bow ) represents a corpus in a matrix whose elements are the frequency of words . however , each row in the matrix is a very high - dimensional sparse vector . dimension reduction ( dr ) is a popular method to address sparsity and high - dimensionality issues . among different strategies to develop dr method , unsupervised feature transformation ( uft ) is a popular strategy to map all words on a new basis to represent bow . the recent increase o ←
→ pelesent : cross - domain polarity classification using distant supervision ; the enormous amount of texts published daily by internet users has fostered the development of methods to analyze this content in several natural language processing areas , such as sentiment analysis . the main goal of this task is to classify the polarity of a message . even though many approaches have been proposed for sentiment analysis , some of the most successful ones rely on the availability of large annotated corpus , which is an ←
→ towards building a knowledge base of monetary transactions from a news collection ; we address the problem of extracting structured representations of economic events from a large corpus of news articles , using a combination of natural language processing and machine learning techniques . the developed techniques allow for semi - automatic population of a financial knowledge base , which , in turn , may be used to support a range of data mining and exploration tasks . the key challenge we face in this domain is ←
→ a vision based system for underwater docking ; autonomous underwater vehicles ( auvs ) have been deployed for underwater exploration . however , its potential is confined by its limited on - board battery energy and data storage capacity . this problem has been addressed using docking systems by underwater recharging and data transfer for auvs . in this work , we propose a vision based framework for underwater docking following these systems . the proposed framework comprises two modules ; ( i ) a detection module which ←
→ train feedfoward neural network with layer - wise adaptive rate via approximating back - matching propagation ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) has achieved great success in training deep neural network , where the gradient is computed through back - propagation . however , the back - propagated values of different layers vary dramatically . this inconsistence of gradient magnitude across different layers renders optimization of deep neural network with a single learning rate problematic . we introduce the back - matc ←
→ multiplex visibility graphs to investigate recurrent neural networks dynamics ; a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) is a universal approximator of dynamical systems , whose performance often depends on sensitive hyperparameters . tuning of such hyperparameters may be difficult and , typically , based on a trial - and - error approach . in this work , we adopt a graph - based framework to interpret and characterize the internal rnn dynamics . through this insight , we are able to design a principled unsupervised method to ←
→ active self - paced learning for cost - effective and progressive face identification ; this paper aims to develop a novel cost - effective framework for face identification , which progressively maintains a batch of classifiers with the increasing face images of different individuals . by naturally combining two recently rising techniques : active learning ( al ) and self - paced learning ( spl ), our framework is capable of automatically annotating new instances and incorporating them into training under weak expert r ←
→ lowering the learning curve for declarative programming : a python api for the idp system ; programmers may be hesitant to use declarative systems , because of the associated learning curve . in this paper , we present an api that integrates the idp knowledge base system into the python programming language . idp is a state - of - the - art logical system , which uses sat , smt , logic programming and answer set programming technology . python is currently one of the most widely used ( teaching ) languages for programming ←
→ distribution - free one - pass learning ; in many large - scale machine learning applications , data are accumulated with time , and thus , an appropriate model should be able to update in an online paradigm . moreover , as the whole data volume is unknown when constructing the model , it is desired to scan each data item only once with a storage independent with the data volume . it is also noteworthy that the distribution underlying may change during the data accumulation procedure . to handle such tasks , in this paper ←
→ isotropic reconstruction of 3d fluorescence microscopy images using convolutional neural networks ; fluorescence microscopy images usually show severe anisotropy in axial versus lateral resolution . this hampers downstream processing , i . e . the automatic extraction of quantitative biological data . while deconvolution methods and other techniques to address this problem exist , they are either time consuming to apply or limited in their ability to remove anisotropy . we propose a method to recover isotropic re ←
→ improved speech reconstruction from silent video ; speechreading is the task of inferring phonetic information from visually observed articulatory facial movements , and is a notoriously difficult task for humans to perform . in this paper we present an end - to - end model based on a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for generating an intelligible and natural - sounding acoustic speech signal from silent video frames of a speaking person . we train our model on speakers from the grid and tcd - timit datasets , and ev ←
→ single - shot clothing category recognition in free - configurations with application to autonomous clothes sorting ; this paper proposes a single - shot approach for recognising clothing categories from 2 . 5d features . we propose two visual features , bsp ( b - spline patch ) and tsd ( topology spatial distances ) for this task . the local bsp features are encoded by llc ( locality - constrained linear coding ) and fused with three different global features . our visual feature is robust to deformable shapes and our approac ←
→ learning from incomplete ratings using nonlinear multi - layer semi - nonnegative matrix factorization ; recommender systems problems witness a growing interest for finding better learning algorithms for personalized information . matrix factorization that estimates the user liking for an item by taking an inner product on the latent features of users and item have been widely studied owing to its better accuracy and scalability . however , it is possible that the mapping between the latent features learned from ←
→ inferring a third spatial dimension from 2d histological images ; histological images are obtained by transmitting light through a tissue specimen that has been stained in order to produce contrast . this process results in 2d images of the specimen that has a three - dimensional structure . in this paper , we propose a method to infer how the stains are distributed in the direction perpendicular to the surface of the slide for a given 2d image in order to obtain a 3d representation of the tissue . this inference ←
→ mixing dirichlet topic models and word embeddings to make lda2vec ; distributed dense word vectors have been shown to be effective at capturing token - level semantic and syntactic regularities in language , while topic models can form interpretable representations over documents . in this work , we describe lda2vec , a model that learns dense word vectors jointly with dirichlet - distributed latent document - level mixtures of topic vectors . in contrast to continuous dense document representations , this formulation ←
→ elimination of glass artifacts and object segmentation ; many images nowadays are captured from behind the glasses and may have certain stains discrepancy because of glass and must be processed to make differentiation between the glass and objects behind it . this research paper proposes an algorithm to remove the damaged or corrupted part of the image and make it consistent with other part of the image and to segment objects behind the glass . the damaged part is removed using total variation inpainting meth ←
→ co - adaptation in a handwriting recognition system ; handwriting is a natural and versatile method for human - computer interaction , especially on small mobile devices such as smart phones . however , as handwriting varies significantly from person to person , it is difficult to design handwriting recognizers that perform well for all users . a natural solution is to use machine learning to adapt the recognizer to the user . one complicating factor is that , as the computer adapts to the user , the user also adapts t ←
→ cyclic causal discovery from continuous equilibrium data ; we propose a method for learning cyclic causal models from a combination of observational and interventional equilibrium data . novel aspects of the proposed method are its ability to work with continuous data ( without assuming linearity ) and to deal with feedback loops . within the context of biochemical reactions , we also propose a novel way of modeling interventions that modify the activity of compounds instead of their abundance . for computational ←
→ multi - label mrf optimization via least squares s - t cuts ; there are many applications of graph cuts in computer vision , e . g . segmentation . we present a novel method to reformulate the np - hard , k - way graph partitioning problem as an approximate minimal s - t graph cut problem , for which a globally optimal solution is found in polynomial time . each non - terminal vertex in the original graph is replaced by a set of ceil ( log_2 ( k )) new vertices . the original graph edges are replaced by new edges connecting the new ←
→ heteroscedastic treed bayesian optimisation ; optimising black - box functions is important in many disciplines , such as tuning machine learning models , robotics , finance and mining exploration . bayesian optimisation is a state - of - the - art technique for the global optimisation of black - box functions which are expensive to evaluate . at the core of this approach is a gaussian process prior that captures our belief about the distribution over functions . however , in many cases a single gaussian process is not flex ←
→ e - pur : an energy - efficient processing unit for recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are a key technology for emerging applications such as automatic speech recognition , machine translation or image description . long short term memory ( lstm ) networks are the most successful rnn implementation , as they can learn long term dependencies to achieve high accuracy . unfortunately , the recurrent nature of lstm networks significantly constrains the amount of parallelism and , hence , multicore c ←
→ curiosity - aware bargaining ; opponent modeling consists in modeling the strategy or preferences of an agent thanks to the data it provides . in the context of automated negotiation and with machine learning , it can result in an advantage so overwhelming that it may restrain some casual agents to be part of the bargaining process . we qualify as " curious " an agent driven by the desire of negotiating in order to collect information and improve its opponent model . however , neither curiosity - based rational - ity no ←
→ development and evolution of neural networks in an artificial chemistry ; we present a model of decentralized growth for artificial neural networks ( anns ) inspired by the development and the physiology of real nervous systems . in this model , each individual artificial neuron is an autonomous unit whose behavior is determined only by the genetic information it harbors and local concentrations of substrates modeled by a simple artificial chemistry . gene expression is manifested as axon and dendrite growth , ce ←
→ soft constraint programming to analysing security protocols ; security protocols stipulate how the remote principals of a computer network should interact in order to obtain specific security goals . the crucial goals of confidentiality and authentication may be achieved in various forms , each of different strength . using soft ( rather than crisp ) constraints , we develop a uniform formal notion for the two goals . they are no longer formalised as mere yes / no properties as in the existing literature , but gain a ←
→ constraint solvers for user interface layout ; constraints have played an important role in the construction of guis , where they are mainly used to define the layout of the widgets . resizing behavior is very important in guis because areas have domain specific parameters such as form the resizing of windows . if linear objective function is used and window is resized then error is not distributed equally . to distribute the error equally , a quadratic objective function is introduced . different algorithms are ←
→ fast vehicle detection in aerial imagery ; in recent years , several real - time or near real - time object detectors have been developed . however these object detectors are typically designed for first - person view images where the subject is large in the image and do not directly apply well to detecting vehicles in aerial imagery . though some detectors have been developed for aerial imagery , these are either slow or do not handle multi - scale imagery very well . here the popular yolov2 detector is modified to vas ←
→ sympathy for the details : dense trajectories and hybrid classification architectures for action recognition ; action recognition in videos is a challenging task due to the complexity of the spatio - temporal patterns to model and the difficulty to acquire and learn on large quantities of video data . deep learning , although a breakthrough for image classification and showing promise for videos , has still not clearly superseded action recognition methods using hand - crafted features , even when training on mass ←
→ quantifying and reducing stereotypes in word embeddings ; machine learning algorithms are optimized to model statistical properties of the training data . if the input data reflects stereotypes and biases of the broader society , then the output of the learning algorithm also captures these stereotypes . in this paper , we initiate the study of gender stereotypes in {\ em word embedding }, a popular framework to represent text data . as their use becomes increasingly common , applications can inadvertently amplify ←
→ skin cancer reorganization and classification with deep neural network ; as one kind of skin cancer , melanoma is very dangerous . dermoscopy based early detection and recarbonization strategy is critical for melanoma therapy . however , well - trained dermatologists dominant the diagnostic accuracy . in order to solve this problem , many effort focus on developing automatic image analysis systems . here we report a novel strategy based on deep learning technique , and achieve very high skin lesion segmentation and m ←
→ customized nonlinear bandits for online response selection in neural conversation models ; dialog response selection is an important step towards natural response generation in conversational agents . existing work on neural conversational models mainly focuses on offline supervised learning using a large set of context - response pairs . in this paper , we focus on online learning of response selection in retrieval - based dialog systems . we propose a contextual multi - armed bandit model with a nonlinear reward ←
→ identifying relationships between drugs and medical conditions : winning experience in the challenge 2 of the omop 2010 cup ; there is a growing interest in using a longitudinal observational databases to detect drug safety signal . in this paper we present a novel method , which we used online during the omop cup . we consider homogeneous ensembling , which is based on random re - sampling ( known , also , as bagging ) as a main innovation compared to the previous publications in the related field . this study is ba ←
→ generating neural networks with neural networks ; hypernetworks are neural networks that transform a random input vector into weights for a specified target neural network . we formulate the hypernetwork training objective as a compromise between accuracy and diversity , where the diversity takes into account trivial symmetry transformations of the target network . we show that this formulation naturally arises as a relaxation of an optimistic probability distribution objective for the generated networks , and ←
→ 3d human pose estimation using convolutional neural networks with 2d pose information ; while there has been a success in 2d human pose estimation with convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), 3d human pose estimation has not been thoroughly studied . in this paper , we tackle the 3d human pose estimation task with end - to - end learning using cnns . relative 3d positions between one joint and the other joints are learned via cnns . the proposed method improves the performance of cnn with two novel ideas . first , we ←
→ multi - kernel learning of deep convolutional features for action recognition ; image understanding using deep convolutional network has reached human - level performance , yet a closely related problem of video understanding especially , action recognition has not reached the requisite level of maturity . we combine multi - kernels based support - vector - machines ( svm ) with a multi - stream deep convolutional neural network to achieve close to state - of - the - art performance on a 51 - class activity recognition problem ( h ←
→ ctl model update for system modifications ; model checking is a promising technology , which has been applied for verification of many hardware and software systems . in this paper , we introduce the concept of model update towards the development of an automatic system modification tool that extends model checking functions . we define primitive update operations on the models of computation tree logic ( ctl ) and formalize the principle of minimal change for ctl model update . these primitive update operations , ←
→ safe model - based reinforcement learning with stability guarantees ; reinforcement learning is a powerful paradigm for learning optimal policies from experimental data . however , to find optimal policies , most reinforcement learning algorithms explore all possible actions , which may be harmful for real - world systems . as a consequence , learning algorithms are rarely applied on safety - critical systems in the real world . in this paper , we present a learning algorithm that explicitly considers safety , defined in ←
→ algorithmic optimisations for iterative deconvolution methods ; we investigate possibilities to speed up iterative algorithms for non - blind image deconvolution . we focus on algorithms in which convolution with the point - spread function to be deconvolved is used in each iteration , and aim at accelerating these convolution operations as they are typically the most expensive part of the computation . we follow two approaches : first , for some practically important specific point - spread functions , algorithmically ←
→ improving coreference resolution with automatically predicted prosodic information ; adding manually annotated prosodic information , specifically pitch accents and phrasing , to the typical text - based feature set for coreference resolution has previously been shown to have a positive effect on german data . practical applications on spoken language , however , would rely on automatically predicted prosodic information . in this paper we predict pitch accents ( and phrase boundaries ) using a convolutional neural ←
→ foliage plant retrieval using polar fourier transform , color moments and vein features ; this paper proposed a method that combines polar fourier transform , color moments , and vein features to retrieve leaf images based on a leaf image . the method is very useful to help people in recognizing foliage plants . foliage plants are plants that have various colors and unique patterns in the leaf . therefore , the colors and its patterns are information that should be counted on in the processing of plant identific ←
→ learning in real - time search : a unifying framework ; real - time search methods are suited for tasks in which the agent is interacting with an initially unknown environment in real time . in such simultaneous planning and learning problems , the agent has to select its actions in a limited amount of time , while sensing only a local part of the environment centered at the agents current location . real - time heuristic search agents select actions using a limited lookahead search and evaluating the frontier states ←
→ handling class imbalance in link prediction using learning to rank techniques ; we consider the link prediction problem in a partially observed network , where the objective is to make predictions in the unobserved portion of the network . many existing methods reduce link prediction to binary classification problem . however , the dominance of absent links in real world networks makes misclassification error a poor performance metric . instead , researchers have argued for using ranking performance measures , l ←
→ from likelihood to plausibility ; several authors have explained that the likelihood ratio measures the strength of the evidence represented by observations in statistical problems . this idea works fine when the goal is to evaluate the strength of the available evidence for a simple hypothesis versus another simple hypothesis . however , the applicability of this idea is limited to simple hypotheses because the likelihood function is primarily defined on points ( simple hypotheses ) of the parameter space . in t ←
→ position tracking for virtual reality using commodity wifi ; today , experiencing virtual reality ( vr ) is a cumbersome experience which either requires dedicated infrastructure like infrared cameras to track the headset and hand - motion controllers ( e . g ., oculus rift , htc vive ), or provides only 3 - dof ( degrees of freedom ) tracking which severely limits the user experience ( e . g ., samsung gear ). to truly enable vr everywhere , we need position tracking to be available as a ubiquitous service . this paper presents ←
→ a framework for super - resolution of scalable video via sparse reconstruction of residual frames ; this paper introduces a framework for super - resolution of scalable video based on compressive sensing and sparse representation of residual frames in reconnaissance and surveillance applications . we exploit efficient compressive sampling and sparse reconstruction algorithms to super - resolve the video sequence with respect to different compression rates . we use the sparsity of residual information in residual ←
→ hybrid optimization algorithm for large - scale qos - aware service composition ; in this paper we present a hybrid approach for automatic composition of web services that generates semantic input - output based compositions with optimal end - to - end qos , minimizing the number of services of the resulting composition . the proposed approach has four main steps : 1 ) generation of the composition graph for a request ; 2 ) computation of the optimal composition that minimizes a single objective qos function ; 3 ) multi - st ←
→ a new multi criteria decision making method : approach of logarithmic concept ( aploco ) ; the primary aim of the study is to introduce aploco method which is developed for the solution of multicriteria decision making problems both theoretically and practically . in this context , application subject of aplaco constitutes evaluation of investment potential of different cities in metropolitan status in turkey . the secondary purpose of the study is to identify the independent variables affecting the factories i ←
→ boosting of image denoising algorithms ; in this paper we propose a generic recursive algorithm for improving image denoising methods . given the initial denoised image , we suggest repeating the following " sos " procedure : ( i ) ( s ) trengthen the signal by adding the previous denoised image to the degraded input image , ( ii ) ( o ) perate the denoising method on the strengthened image , and ( iii ) ( s ) ubtract the previous denoised image from the restored signal - strengthened outcome . the convergence of this process is st ←
→ hierarchical web page classification based on a topic model and neighboring pages integration ; most web page classification models typically apply the bag of words ( bow ) model to represent the feature space . the original bow representation , however , is unable to recognize semantic relationships between terms . one possible solution is to apply the topic model approach based on the latent dirichlet allocation algorithm to cluster the term features into a set of latent topics . terms assigned into the same t ←
→ convcsnet : a convolutional compressive sensing framework based on deep learning ; compressive sensing ( cs ), aiming to reconstruct an image / signal from a small set of random measurements has attracted considerable attentions in recent years . due to the high dimensionality of images , previous cs methods mainly work on image blocks to avoid the huge requirements of memory and computation , i . e ., image blocks are measured with gaussian random matrices , and the whole images are recovered from the reconstructed ←
→ bayesian deep convolutional encoder - decoder networks for surrogate modeling and uncertainty quantification ; we are interested in the development of surrogate models for uncertainty quantification and propagation in problems governed by stochastic pdes using a deep convolutional encoder - decoder network in a similar fashion to approaches considered in deep learning for image - to - image regression tasks . since normal neural networks are data intensive and cannot provide predictive uncertainty , we propose a ba ←
→ adding vs . averaging in distributed primal - dual optimization ; distributed optimization methods for large - scale machine learning suffer from a communication bottleneck . it is difficult to reduce this bottleneck while still efficiently and accurately aggregating partial work from different machines . in this paper , we present a novel generalization of the recent communication - efficient primal - dual framework ( cocoa ) for distributed optimization . our framework , cocoa +, allows for additive combination of local u ←
→ weighted orthogonal components regression analysis ; in the multiple linear regression setting , we propose a general framework , termed weighted orthogonal components regression ( wocr ), which encompasses many known methods as special cases , including ridge regression and principal components regression . wocr makes use of the monotonicity inherent in orthogonal components to parameterize the weight function . the formulation allows for efficient determination of tuning parameters and hence is computationally a ←
→ studying a set of properties of inconsistency indices for pairwise comparisons ; pairwise comparisons between alternatives are a well - established tool to decompose decision problems into smaller and more easily tractable sub - problems . however , due to our limited rationality , the subjective preferences expressed by decision makers over pairs of alternatives can hardly ever be consistent . therefore , several inconsistency indices have been proposed in the literature to quantify the extent of the deviation fr ←
→ multi - robot organisms : state of the art ; this paper represents the state of the art development on the field of artificial multi - robot organisms . it briefly considers mechatronic development , sensor and computational equipment , software framework and introduces one of the grand challenges for swarm and reconfigurable robotics .←
→ deep learning on lie groups for skeleton - based action recognition ; in recent years , skeleton - based action recognition has become a popular 3d classification problem . state - of - the - art methods typically first represent each motion sequence as a high - dimensional trajectory on a lie group with an additional dynamic time warping , and then shallowly learn favorable lie group features . in this paper we incorporate the lie group structure into a deep network architecture to learn more appropriate lie group feature ←
→ pyhst2 : an hybrid distributed code for high speed tomographic reconstruction with iterative reconstruction and a priori knowledge capabilities ; we present the pyhst2 code which is in service at esrf for phase - contrast and absorption tomography . this code has been engineered to sustain the high data flow typical of the third generation synchrotron facilities ( 10 terabytes per experiment ) by adopting a distributed and pipelined architecture . the code implements , beside a default filtered backprojection r ←
→ deep impression : audiovisual deep residual networks for multimodal apparent personality trait recognition ; here , we develop an audiovisual deep residual network for multimodal apparent personality trait recognition . the network is trained end - to - end for predicting the big five personality traits of people from their videos . that is , the network does not require any feature engineering or visual analysis such as face detection , face landmark alignment or facial expression recognition . recently , the networ ←
→ idk cascades : fast deep learning by learning not to overthink ; advances in deep learning have led to substantial increases in prediction accuracy but have been accompanied by increases in the cost of rendering predictions . we conjecture that for a majority of real - world inputs , the recent advances in deep learning have created models that effectively " over - think " on simple inputs . in this paper we revisit the question of how to effectively build model cascades to reduce prediction costs . while classic casc ←
→ deep clustering : discriminative embeddings for segmentation and separation ; we address the problem of acoustic source separation in a deep learning framework we call " deep clustering ." rather than directly estimating signals or masking functions , we train a deep network to produce spectrogram embeddings that are discriminative for partition labels given in training data . previous deep network approaches provide great advantages in terms of learning power and speed , but previously it has been unclear how ←
→ deep learning and hierarchal generative models ; we propose a new prism for studying deep learning motivated by connections between deep learning and evolution . we hypothesize that deep learning is efficient in learning data from " generative hierarchal models ". our main contributions are : 1 . we introduce of a sequence of increasingly complex hierarchical generative models which interpolate between standard markov models on trees ( phylogenetic models ) and novel models which encapsulate interaction between ←
→ tip : typifying the interpretability of procedures ; we provide a novel notion of what it means to be interpretable , looking past the usual association with human understanding . our key insight is that interpretability is not an absolute concept and so we define it relative to a target model , which may or may not be a human . we define a framework that allows for comparing interpretable procedures by linking it to important practical aspects such as accuracy and robustness . we characterize many of the current ←
→ an implementation of computer graphics as prepress image enhancement process ; the production of a printed product involves three stages : prepress , the printing process ( press ) itself , and finishing ( post press ). there are various types of equipments ( printers , scanners ) and various qualities image are present in the market . these give different color rendering each time during reproduction . so , a color key tool has been developed keeping color management scheme ( cms ) in mind so that during reproduction n ←
→ knet : integrating hypermedia and bayesian modeling ; knet is a general - purpose shell for constructing expert systems based on belief networks and decision networks . such networks serve as graphical representations for decision models , in which the knowledge engineer must define clearly the alternatives , states , preferences , and relationships that constitute a decision basis . knet contains a knowledge - engineering core written in object pascal and an interface that tightly integrates hypercard , a hypertext au ←
→ constructive preference elicitation by setwise max - margin learning ; in this paper we propose an approach to preference elicitation that is suitable to large configuration spaces beyond the reach of existing state - of - the - art approaches . our setwise max - margin method can be viewed as a generalization of max - margin learning to sets , and can produce a set of " diverse " items that can be used to ask informative queries to the user . moreover , the approach can encourage sparsity in the parameter space , in order to ←
→ structured sparsity models for multiparty speech recovery from reverberant recordings ; we tackle the multi - party speech recovery problem through modeling the acoustic of the reverberant chambers . our approach exploits structured sparsity models to perform room modeling and speech recovery . we propose a scheme for characterizing the room acoustic from the unknown competing speech sources relying on localization of the early images of the speakers by sparse approximation of the spatial spectra of the virtu ←
→ preference - based search using example - critiquing with suggestions ; we consider interactive tools that help users search for their most preferred item in a large collection of options . in particular , we examine example - critiquing , a technique for enabling users to incrementally construct preference models by critiquing example options that are presented to them . we present novel techniques for improving the example - critiquing technology by adding suggestions to its displayed options . such suggestions are ca ←
→ toward ` verifying ' a water treatment system ; modeling and verifying real - world cyber - physical systems are challenging , especially so for complex systems where manually modeling is infeasible . in this work , we report our experience on combining model learning and abstraction refinement to analyze a challenging system , i . e ., a real - world secure water treatment ( swat ) system . given a set of safety requirements , the objective is to either show that the system is safe with a high probability ( so that a system s ←
→ approximated structured prediction for learning large scale graphical models ; this manuscripts contains the proofs for " a primal - dual message - passing algorithm for approximated large scale structured prediction ".←
→ a solution of degree constrained spanning tree using hybrid ga ; in real life , it is always an urge to reach our goal in minimum effort i . e ., it should have a minimum constrained path . the path may be shortest route in practical life , either physical or electronic medium . the scenario is to represents the ambiance as a graph and to find a spanning tree with custom design criteria . here , we have chosen a minimum degree spanning tree , which can be generated in real time with minimum turnaround time . the probl ←
→ statistical evaluation of visual quality metrics for image denoising ; this paper studies the problem of full reference visual quality assessment of denoised images with a special emphasis on images with low contrast and noise - like texture . denoising of such images together with noise removal often results in image details loss or smoothing . a new test image database , flt , containing 75 noise - free " reference " images and 300 filtered (" distorted ") images is developed . each reference image , corrupted by an ad ←
→ learning visual servoing with deep features and fitted q - iteration ; visual servoing involves choosing actions that move a robot in response to observations from a camera , in order to reach a goal configuration in the world . standard visual servoing approaches typically rely on manually designed features and analytical dynamics models , which limits their generalization capability and often requires extensive application - specific feature and model engineering . in this work , we study how learned visual featur ←
→ detection of non - stationary photometric perturbations on projection screens ; interfaces based on projection screens have become increasingly more popular in recent years , mainly due to the large screen size and resolution that they provide , as well as their stereo - vision capabilities . this work shows a local method for real - time detection of non - stationary photometric perturbations in projected images by means of computer vision techniques . the method is based on the computation of differences between th ←
→ modeling belief systems with scale - free networks ; evolution of belief systems has always been in focus of cognitive research . in this paper we delineate a new model describing belief systems as a network of statements considered true . testing the model a small number of parameters enabled us to reproduce a variety of well - known mechanisms ranging from opinion changes to development of psychological problems . the self - organizing opinion structure showed a scale - free degree distribution . the novelty of our w ←
→ properties of answer set programming with convex generalized atoms ; in recent years , answer set programming ( asp ), logic programming under the stable model or answer set semantics , has seen several extensions by generalizing the notion of an atom in these programs : be it aggregate atoms , hex atoms , generalized quantifiers , or abstract constraints , the idea is to have more complicated satisfaction patterns in the lattice of herbrand interpretations than traditional , simple atoms . in this paper we refer to a ←
→ generalized denoising auto - encoders as generative models ; recent work has shown how denoising and contractive autoencoders implicitly capture the structure of the data - generating density , in the case where the corruption noise is gaussian , the reconstruction error is the squared error , and the data is continuous - valued . this has led to various proposals for sampling from this implicitly learned density function , using langevin and metropolis - hastings mcmc . however , it remained unclear how to connect the tr ←
→ pichunt : social media image retrieval for improved law enforcement ; first responders are increasingly using social media to identify and reduce crime for well - being and safety of the society . images shared on social media hurting religious , political , communal and other sentiments of people , often instigate violence and create law & order situations in society . this results in the need for first responders to inspect the spread of such images and users propagating them on social media . in this paper , we pr ←
→ on multilingual training of neural dependency parsers ; we show that a recently proposed neural dependency parser can be improved by joint training on multiple languages from the same family . the parser is implemented as a deep neural network whose only input is orthographic representations of words . in order to successfully parse , the network has to discover how linguistically relevant concepts can be inferred from word spellings . we analyze the representations of characters and words that are learned by t ←
→ analyzing structural characteristics of object category representations from their semantic - part distributions ; studies from neuroscience show that part - mapping computations are employed by human visual system in the process of object recognition . in this work , we present an approach for analyzing semantic - part characteristics of object category representations . for our experiments , we use category - epitome , a recently proposed sketch - based spatial representation for objects . to enable part - importance ana ←
→ prior - free and prior - dependent regret bounds for thompson sampling ; we consider the stochastic multi - armed bandit problem with a prior distribution on the reward distributions . we are interested in studying prior - free and prior - dependent regret bounds , very much in the same spirit as the usual distribution - free and distribution - dependent bounds for the non - bayesian stochastic bandit . building on the techniques of audibert and bubeck [ 2009 ] and russo and roy [ 2013 ] we first show that thompson sampling attai ←
→ ddd17 : end - to - end davis driving dataset ; event cameras , such as dynamic vision sensors ( dvs ), and dynamic and active - pixel vision sensors ( davis ) can supplement other autonomous driving sensors by providing a concurrent stream of standard active pixel sensor ( aps ) images and dvs temporal contrast events . the aps stream is a sequence of standard grayscale global - shutter image sensor frames . the dvs events represent brightness changes occurring at a particular moment , with a jitter of about a millisecond und ←
→ coupled ensembles of neural networks ; we investigate in this paper the architecture of deep convolutional networks . building on existing state of the art models , we propose a reconfiguration of the model parameters into several parallel branches at the global network level , with each branch being a standalone cnn . we show that this arrangement is an efficient way to significantly reduce the number of parameters without losing performance or to significantly improve the performance with the same level of pe ←
→ a modal logic framework for multi - agent belief fusion ; this paper is aimed at providing a uniform framework for reasoning about beliefs of multiple agents and their fusion . in the first part of the paper , we develop logics for reasoning about cautiously merged beliefs of agents with different degrees of reliability . the logics are obtained by combining the multi - agent epistemic logic and multi - sources reasoning systems . every ordering for the reliability of the agents is represented by a modal operator , so ←
→ tests of machine intelligence ; although the definition and measurement of intelligence is clearly of fundamental importance to the field of artificial intelligence , no general survey of definitions and tests of machine intelligence exists . indeed few researchers are even aware of alternatives to the turing test and its many derivatives . in this paper we fill this gap by providing a short survey of the many tests of machine intelligence that have been proposed .←
→ factored neural machine translation ; we present a new approach for neural machine translation ( nmt ) using the morphological and grammatical decomposition of the words ( factors ) in the output side of the neural network . this architecture addresses two main problems occurring in mt , namely dealing with a large target language vocabulary and the out of vocabulary ( oov ) words . by the means of factors , we are able to handle larger vocabulary and reduce the training time ( for systems with equivalent target langu ←
→ support vector machine in prediction of building energy demand using pseudo dynamic approach ; building ' s energy consumption prediction is a major concern in the recent years and many efforts have been achieved in order to improve the energy management of buildings . in particular , the prediction of energy consumption in building is essential for the energy operator to build an optimal operating strategy , which could be integrated to building ' s energy management system ( bems ). this paper proposes a predict ←
→ combining weakly and webly supervised learning for classifying food images ; food classification from images is a fine - grained classification problem . manual curation of food images is cost , time and scalability prohibitive . on the other hand , web data is available freely but contains noise . in this paper , we address the problem of classifying food images with minimal data curation . we also tackle a key problems with food images from the web where they often have multiple cooccuring food types but are wea ←
→ mr acquisition - invariant representation learning ; voxelwise classification is a popular and effective method for tissue quantification in brain magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) scans . however , there are often large differences over sets of mri scans due to how they were acquired ( i . e . field strength , vendor , protocol ), that lead to variation in , among others , pixel intensities , tissue contrast , signal - to - noise ratio , resolution , slice thickness and magnetic field inhomogeneities . classifiers trained on dat ←
→ community structure in industrial sat instances ; modern sat solvers have experienced a remarkable progress on solving industrial instances . most of the techniques have been developed after an intensive experimental process . it is believed that these techniques exploit the underlying structure of industrial instances . however , there are few works trying to exactly characterize the main features of this structure . the research community on complex networks has developed techniques of analysis and algorithm ←
→ a unified framework for sparse non - negative least squares using multiplicative updates and the non - negative matrix factorization problem ; we study the sparse non - negative least squares ( s - nnls ) problem . s - nnls occurs naturally in a wide variety of applications where an unknown , non - negative quantity must be recovered from linear measurements . we present a unified framework for s - nnls based on a rectified power exponential scale mixture prior on the sparse codes . we show that the proposed framework encomp ←
→ voxelwise nonlinear regression toolbox for neuroimage analysis : application to aging and neurodegenerative disease modeling ; this paper describes a new neuroimaging analysis toolbox that allows for the modeling of nonlinear effects at the voxel level , overcoming limitations of methods based on linear models like the glm . we illustrate its features using a relevant example in which distinct nonlinear trajectories of alzheimer ' s disease related brain atrophy patterns were found across the full biological s ←
→ hydra : an ensemble of convolutional neural networks for geospatial land classification ; we describe in this paper hydra , an ensemble of convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) for geospatial land classification . the idea behind hydra is to create an initial cnn that is coarsely optimized but provides a good starting pointing for further optimization , which will serve as the hydra ' s body . then , the obtained weights are fine tuned multiple times to form an ensemble of cnns that represent the hydra ' s heads . by ←
→( quasi ) periodicity quantification in video data , using topology ; this work introduces a novel framework for quantifying the presence and strength of recurrent dynamics in video data . specifically , we provide continuous measures of periodicity ( perfect repetition ) and quasiperiodicity ( superposition of periodic modes with non - commensurate periods ), in a way which does not require segmentation , training , object tracking or 1 - dimensional surrogate signals . our methodology operates directly on video data . the ←
→ neural paraphrase identification of questions with noisy pretraining ; we present a solution to the problem of paraphrase identification of questions . we focus on a recent dataset of question pairs annotated with binary paraphrase labels and show that a variant of the decomposable attention model ( parikh et al ., 2016 ) results in accurate performance on this task , while being far simpler than many competing neural architectures . furthermore , when the model is pretrained on a noisy dataset of automatically co ←
→ an iterative locally linear embedding algorithm ; local linear embedding ( lle ) is a popular dimension reduction method . in this paper , we first show lle with nonnegative constraint is equivalent to the widely used laplacian embedding . we further propose to iterate the two steps in lle repeatedly to improve the results . thirdly , we relax the knn constraint of lle and present a sparse similarity learning algorithm . the final iterative lle combines these three improvements . extensive experiment results show th ←
→ motion and audio analysis in mobile devices for remote monitoring of physical activities and user authentication ; in this article we propose the use of accelerometer embedded by default in smartphone as a cost - effective , reliable and efficient way to provide remote physical activity monitoring for the elderly and people requiring healthcare service . mobile phones are regularly carried by users during their day - to - day work routine , physical movement information can be captured by the mobile phone accelero ←
→ fitness landscape analysis for dynamic resource allocation in multiuser ofdm based cognitive radio systems ; this paper has been withdrawn .←
→ wide & deep learning for recommender systems ; generalized linear models with nonlinear feature transformations are widely used for large - scale regression and classification problems with sparse inputs . memorization of feature interactions through a wide set of cross - product feature transformations are effective and interpretable , while generalization requires more feature engineering effort . with less feature engineering , deep neural networks can generalize better to unseen feature combinations through low ←
→ design for a darwinian brain : part 1 . philosophy and neuroscience ; physical symbol systems are needed for open - ended cognition . a good way to understand physical symbol systems is by comparison of thought to chemistry . both have systematicity , productivity and compositionality . the state of the art in cognitive architectures for open - ended cognition is critically assessed . i conclude that a cognitive architecture that evolves symbol structures in the brain is a promising candidate to explain open - ended cog ←
→ sequential changepoint approach for online community detection ; we present new algorithms for detecting the emergence of a community in large networks from sequential observations . the networks are modeled using erdos - renyi random graphs with edges forming between nodes in the community with higher probability . based on statistical changepoint detection methodology , we develop three algorithms : the exhaustive search ( es ), the mixture , and the hierarchical mixture ( h - mix ) methods . performance of these metho ←
→ a symbolic algebra for the computation of expected utilities in multiplicative influence diagrams ; influence diagrams provide a compact graphical representation of decision problems . several algorithms for the quick computation of their associated expected utilities are available in the literature . however , often they rely on a full quantification of both probabilistic uncertainties and utility values . for problems where all random variables and decision spaces are finite and discrete , here we develop a ←
→ a novel strategy selection method for multi - objective clustering algorithms using game theory ; the most important factors which contribute to the efficiency of game - theoretical algorithms are time and game complexity . in this study , we have offered an elegant method to deal with high complexity of game theoretic multi - objective clustering methods in large - sized data sets . here , we have developed a method which selects a subset of strategies from strategies profile for each player . in this case , the size ←
→ learning laplacian matrix in smooth graph signal representations ; the construction of a meaningful graph plays a crucial role in the success of many graph - based representations and algorithms for handling structured data , especially in the emerging field of graph signal processing . however , a meaningful graph is not always readily available from the data , nor easy to define depending on the application domain . in particular , it is often desirable in graph signal processing applications that a graph is chos ←
→ ethical artificial intelligence ; this book - length article combines several peer reviewed papers and new material to analyze the issues of ethical artificial intelligence ( ai ). the behavior of future ai systems can be described by mathematical equations , which are adapted to analyze possible unintended ai behaviors and ways that ai designs can avoid them . this article makes the case for utility - maximizing agents and for avoiding infinite sets in agent definitions . it shows how to avoid agent self - delusion u ←
→ language modeling for multi - domain speech - driven text retrieval ; we report experimental results associated with speech - driven text retrieval , which facilitates retrieving information in multiple domains with spoken queries . since users speak contents related to a target collection , we produce language models used for speech recognition based on the target collection , so as to improve both the recognition and retrieval accuracy . experiments using existing test collections combined with dictated queries show ←
→ unanimous prediction for 100 % precision with application to learning semantic mappings ; can we train a system that , on any new input , either says " don ' t know " or makes a prediction that is guaranteed to be correct ? we answer the question in the affirmative provided our model family is well - specified . specifically , we introduce the unanimity principle : only predict when all models consistent with the training data predict the same output . we operationalize this principle for semantic parsing , the task of ←
→ temporal activity detection in untrimmed videos with recurrent neural networks ; this thesis explore different approaches using convolutional and recurrent neural networks to classify and temporally localize activities on videos , furthermore an implementation to achieve it has been proposed . as the first step , features have been extracted from video frames using an state of the art 3d convolutional neural network . this features are fed in a recurrent neural network that solves the activity classification ←
→ monocap : monocular human motion capture using a cnn coupled with a geometric prior ; recovering 3d full - body human pose is a challenging problem with many applications . it has been successfully addressed by motion capture systems with body worn markers and multiple cameras . in this paper , we address the more challenging case of not only using a single camera but also not leveraging markers : going directly from 2d appearance to 3d geometry . deep learning approaches have shown remarkable abilities to discri ←
→ an evolutionary - based approach to learning multiple decision models from underrepresented data ; the use of multiple decision models ( dms ) enables to enhance the accuracy in decisions and at the same time allows users to evaluate the confidence in decision making . in this paper we explore the ability of multiple dms to learn from a small amount of verified data . this becomes important when data samples are difficult to collect and verify . we propose an evolutionary - based approach to solving this problem . ←
→ asymptotically optimal sequential experimentation under generalized ranking ; we consider the \ mnk { classical } problem of a controller activating ( or sampling ) sequentially from a finite number of $ n \ geq 2 $ populations , specified by unknown distributions . over some time horizon , at each time $ n = 1 , 2 , \ ldots $, the controller wishes to select a population to sample , with the goal of sampling from a population that optimizes some " score " function of its distribution , e . g ., maximizing the expected sum of ou ←
→ combinatorial framework for planning in geological exploration ; the paper describes combinatorial framework for planning of geological exploration for oil - gas fields . the suggested scheme of the geological exploration involves the following stages : ( 1 ) building of special 4 - layer tree - like model ( layer of geological exploration ): productive layer , group of productive layers , oil - gas field , oil - gas region ( or group of the fields ); ( 2 ) generations of local design ( exploration ) alternatives for each low - layer ←
→ learning - based ensemble average propagator estimation ; by capturing the anisotropic water diffusion in tissue , diffusion magnetic resonance imaging ( dmri ) provides a unique tool for noninvasively probing the tissue microstructure and orientation in the human brain . the diffusion profile can be described by the ensemble average propagator ( eap ), which is inferred from observed diffusion signals . however , accurate eap estimation using the number of diffusion gradients that is clinically practical can be chal ←
→ joint alignment of multiple point sets with batch and incremental expectation - maximization ; this paper addresses the problem of registering multiple point sets . solutions to this problem are often approximated by repeatedly solving for pairwise registration , which results in an uneven treatment of the sets forming a pair : a model set and a data set . the main drawback of this strategy is that the model set may contain noise and outliers , which negatively affects the estimation of the registration paramete ←
→ robust intrinsic and extrinsic calibration of rgb - d cameras ; color - depth cameras ( rgb - d cameras ) have become the primary sensors in most robotics systems , from service robotics to industrial robotics applications . typical consumer - grade rgb - d cameras are provided with a coarse intrinsic and extrinsic calibration that generally does not meet the accuracy requirements needed by many robotics applications ( e . g ., high accuracy 3d environment reconstruction and mapping , high precision object recognition and loc ←
→ renewal strings for cleaning astronomical databases ; large astronomical databases obtained from sky surveys such as the supercosmos sky surveys ( sss ) invariably suffer from a small number of spurious records coming from artefactual effects of the telescope , satellites and junk objects in orbit around earth and physical defects on the photographic plate or ccd . though relatively small in number these spurious records present a significant problem in many situations where they can become a large proportion o ←
→ markerless human motion capture for gait analysis ; the aim of our study is to detect balance disorders and a tendency towards the falls in the elderly , knowing gait parameters . in this paper we present a new tool for gait analysis based on markerless human motion capture , from camera feeds . the system introduced here , recovers the 3d positions of several key points of the human body while walking . foreground segmentation , an articulated body model and particle filtering are basic elements of our approach . ←
→ from narrative descriptions to meddra : automagically encoding adverse drug reactions ; the collection of narrative spontaneous reports is an irreplaceable source for the prompt detection of suspected adverse drug reactions ( adrs ): qualified domain experts manually revise a huge amount of narrative descriptions and then encode texts according to meddra standard terminology . the manual annotation of narrative documents with medical terminology is a subtle and expensive task , since the number of reports is g ←
→ pairwise quantization ; we consider the task of lossy compression of high - dimensional vectors through quantization . we propose the approach that learns quantization parameters by minimizing the distortion of scalar products and squared distances between pairs of points . this is in contrast to previous works that obtain these parameters through the minimization of the reconstruction error of individual points . the proposed approach proceeds by finding a linear transformation of the data that effectively redu ←
→ superposition de calques monochromes d ' opacités variables ; for a monochrome layer $ x $ of opacity $ 0 \ le o_x \ le1 $ placed on another monochrome layer of opacity 1 , the result given by the standard formula is $$\ small \ pi \ left ({\ bf c } _ \ varphi \ right )= 1 +\ sum_ { n = 1 }^ 2 \ left ( 2 - n -(- 1 )^ no_ {\ chi (\ varphi + 1 )}\ right )\ left (\ chi ( n +\ varphi - 1 )- o_ {\ chi ( n +\ varphi - 1 )}\ right ),$$ the formula being of course explained in detail in this paper . we will eventually deduce a very simple theorem , generalize it and then see its validity w ←
→ learning bayesian network equivalence classes with ant colony optimization ; bayesian networks are a useful tool in the representation of uncertain knowledge . this paper proposes a new algorithm called aco - e , to learn the structure of a bayesian network . it does this by conducting a search through the space of equivalence classes of bayesian networks using ant colony optimization ( aco ). to this end , two novel extensions of traditional aco techniques are proposed and implemented . firstly , multiple types of ←
→ sequential dialogue context modeling for spoken language understanding ; spoken language understanding ( slu ) is a key component of goal oriented dialogue systems that would parse user utterances into semantic frame representations . traditionally slu does not utilize the dialogue history beyond the previous system turn and contextual ambiguities are resolved by the downstream components . in this paper , we explore novel approaches for modeling dialogue context in a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) based languag ←
→ experimenting with recursive queries in database and logic programming systems ; this paper considers the problem of reasoning on massive amounts of ( possibly distributed ) data . presently , existing proposals show some limitations : {\ em ( i )} the quantity of data that can be handled contemporarily is limited , due to the fact that reasoning is generally carried out in main - memory ; {\ em ( ii )} the interaction with external ( and independent ) dbmss is not trivial and , in several cases , not allowed at all ; {\ em (←
→ non - projective dependency parsing with non - local transitions ; we present a novel transition system , based on the covington non - projective parser , introducing non - local transitions that can directly create arcs involving nodes to the left of the current focus positions . this avoids the need for long sequences of no - arc transitions to create long - distance arcs , thus alleviating error propagation . the resulting parser outperforms the original version and achieves the best accuracy on the stanford dependencies ←
→ pattern matching for self - tuning of mapreduce jobs ; in this paper , we study cpu utilization time patterns of several mapreduce applications . after extracting running patterns of several applications , they are saved in a reference database to be later used to tweak system parameters to efficiently execute unknown applications in future . to achieve this goal , cpu utilization patterns of new applications are compared with the already known ones in the reference database to find / predict their most probable ex ←
→ ordered decompositional dag kernels enhancements ; in this paper , we show how the ordered decomposition dags ( odd ) kernel framework , a framework that allows the definition of graph kernels from tree kernels , allows to easily define new state - of - the - art graph kernels . here we consider a fast graph kernel based on the subtree kernel ( st ), and we propose various enhancements to increase its expressiveness . the proposed dag kernel has the same worst - case complexity as the one based on st , but an improved expres ←
→ bioleaf : a professional mobile application to measure foliar damage caused by insect herbivory ; soybean is one of the ten greatest crops in the world , answering for billion - dollar businesses every year . this crop suffers from insect herbivory that costs millions from producers . hence , constant monitoring of the crop foliar damage is necessary to guide the application of insecticides . however , current methods to measure foliar damage are expensive and dependent on laboratory facilities , in some cases , dep ←
→ extrinsic parameter calibration for line scanning cameras on ground vehicles with navigation systems using a calibration pattern ; line scanning cameras , which capture only a single line of pixels , have been increasingly used in ground based mobile or robotic platforms . in applications where it is advantageous to directly georeference the camera data to world coordinates , an accurate estimate of the camera ' s 6d pose is required . this paper focuses on the common case where a mobile platform is equipped wit ←
→ a convolutional autoencoder approach for mining features in cellular electron cryo - tomograms and weakly supervised coarse segmentation ; cellular electron cryo - tomography enables the 3d visualization of cellular organization in the near - native state and at submolecular resolution . however , the contents of cellular tomograms are often complex , making it difficult to automatically isolate different in situ cellular components . in this paper , we propose a convolutional autoencoder - based unsupervised approach ←
→ semantic composition via probabilistic model theory ; semantic composition remains an open problem for vector space models of semantics . in this paper , we explain how the probabilistic graphical model used in the framework of functional distributional semantics can be interpreted as a probabilistic version of model theory . building on this , we explain how various semantic phenomena can be recast in terms of conditional probabilities in the graphical model . this connection between formal semantics and machin ←
→ cross domain knowledge transfer for person re - identification ; person re - identification ( re - id ) is a challenging task in computer vision , especially when there are limited training data from multiple camera views . in this paper , we pro - pose a deep learning based person re - identification method by transferring knowledge of mid - level attribute features and high - level classification features . building on the idea that identity classification , attribute recognition and re - identification share the same mid - lev ←
→ solving the undirected feedback vertex set problem by local search ; an undirected graph consists of a set of vertices and a set of undirected edges between vertices . such a graph may contain an abundant number of cycles , then a feedback vertex set ( fvs ) is a set of vertices intersecting with each of these cycles . constructing a fvs of cardinality approaching the global minimum value is a optimization problem in the nondeterministic polynomial - complete complexity class , therefore it might be extremely diffi ←
→ scilab and sip for image processing ; this paper is an overview of image processing and analysis using scilab , a free prototyping environment for numerical calculations similar to matlab . we demonstrate the capabilities of sip -- the scilab image processing toolbox -- which extends scilab with many functions to read and write images in over 100 major file formats , including png , jpeg , bmp , and tiff . it also provides routines for image filtering , edge detection , blurring , segmentation , shape analysis , and im ←
→ deeptravel : a neural network based travel time estimation model with auxiliary supervision ; estimating the travel time of a path is of great importance to smart urban mobility . existing approaches are either based on estimating the time cost of each road segment which are not able to capture many cross - segment complex factors , or designed heuristically in a non - learning - based way which fail to utilize the existing abundant temporal labels of the data , i . e ., the time stamp of each trajectory point . in thi ←
→ gradient - based camera exposure control for outdoor mobile platforms ; we introduce a novel method to automatically adjust camera exposure for image processing and computer vision applications of mobile robot platforms . since most image processing algorithms heavily rely on low - level image features , which are largely based on local gradient information , we consider a gradient quantity to determine a proper exposure level , so that a camera is able to capture important image features robust to illumination con ←
→ vote3deep : fast object detection in 3d point clouds using efficient convolutional neural networks ; this paper proposes a computationally efficient approach to detecting objects natively in 3d point clouds using convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). in particular , this is achieved by leveraging a feature - centric voting scheme to implement novel convolutional layers which explicitly exploit the sparsity encountered in the input . to this end , we examine the trade - off between accuracy and speed for different ←
→ the teaching dimension of linear learners ; teaching dimension is a learning theoretic quantity that specifies the minimum training set size to teach a target model to a learner . previous studies on teaching dimension focused on version - space learners which maintain all hypotheses consistent with the training data , and cannot be applied to modern machine learners which select a specific hypothesis via optimization . this paper presents the first known teaching dimension for ridge regression , support vector m ←
→ sensitivity analysis in bayesian networks : from single to multiple parameters ; previous work on sensitivity analysis in bayesian networks has focused on single parameters , where the goal is to understand the sensitivity of queries to single parameter changes , and to identify single parameter changes that would enforce a certain query constraint . in this paper , we expand the work to multiple parameters which may be in the cpt of a single variable , or the cpts of multiple variables . not only do we identify ←
→ the application of fuzzy logic to collocation extraction ; collocations are important for many tasks of natural language processing such as information retrieval , machine translation , computational lexicography etc . so far many statistical methods have been used for collocation extraction . almost all the methods form a classical crisp set of collocation . we propose a fuzzy logic approach of collocation extraction to form a fuzzy set of collocations in which each word combination has a certain grade of membe ←
→ a new local distance - based outlier detection approach for scattered real - world data ; detecting outliers which are grossly different from or inconsistent with the remaining dataset is a major challenge in real - world kdd applications . existing outlier detection methods are ineffective on scattered real - world datasets due to implicit data patterns and parameter setting issues . we define a novel " local distance - based outlier factor " ( ldof ) to measure the { outlier - ness } of objects in scattered datasets which ←
→ unsupervised learning of object landmarks by factorized spatial embeddings ; learning automatically the structure of object categories remains an important open problem in computer vision . in this paper , we propose a novel unsupervised approach that can discover and learn landmarks in object categories , thus characterizing their structure . our approach is based on factorizing image deformations , as induced by a viewpoint change or an object deformation , by learning a deep neural network that detects landm ←
→ intelligent device discovery in the internet of things - enabling the robot society ; the internet of things ( iot ) is continuously growing to connect billions of smart devices anywhere and anytime in an internet - like structure , which enables a variety of applications , services and interactions between human and objects . in the future , the smart devices are supposed to be able to autonomously discover a target device with desired features and generate a set of entirely new services and applications that ar ←
→ random projection trees for vector quantization ; a simple and computationally efficient scheme for tree - structured vector quantization is presented . unlike previous methods , its quantization error depends only on the intrinsic dimension of the data distribution , rather than the apparent dimension of the space in which the data happen to lie .←
→ low dose ct image denoising using a generative adversarial network with wasserstein distance and perceptual loss ; in this paper , we introduce a new ct image denoising method based on the generative adversarial network ( gan ) with wasserstein distance and perceptual similarity . the wasserstein distance is a key concept of the optimal transform theory , and promises to improve the performance of the gan . the perceptual loss compares the perceptual features of a denoised output against those of the ground tru ←
→ face r - cnn ; faster r - cnn is one of the most representative and successful methods for object detection , and has been becoming increasingly popular in various objection detection applications . in this report , we propose a robust deep face detection approach based on faster r - cnn . in our approach , we exploit several new techniques including new multi - task loss function design , online hard example mining , and multi - scale training strategy to improve faster r - cnn in multiple aspects . the proposed approach is w ←
→ semantic preserving embeddings for generalized graphs ; a new approach to the study of generalized graphs as semantic data structures using machine learning techniques is presented . we show how vector representations maintaining semantic characteristics of the original data can be obtained from a given graph using neural encoding architectures and considering the topological properties of the graph . semantic features of these new representations are tested by using some machine learning tasks and new direct ←
→ markov chain modeling and simulation of breathing patterns ; the lack of large video databases obtained from real patients with respiratory disorders makes the design and optimization of video - based monitoring systems quite critical . the purpose of this study is the development of suitable models and simulators of breathing behaviors and disorders , such as respiratory pauses and apneas , in order to allow efficient design and test of video - based monitoring systems . more precisely , a novel continuous - time mar ←
→ any time probabilistic reasoning for sensor validation ; for many real time applications , it is important to validate the information received from the sensors before entering higher levels of reasoning . this paper presents an any time probabilistic algorithm for validating the information provided by sensors . the system consists of two bayesian network models . the first one is a model of the dependencies between sensors and it is used to validate each sensor . it provides a list of potentially faulty sensor ←
→ emotion analysis of songs based on lyrical and audio features ; in this paper , a method is proposed to detect the emotion of a song based on its lyrical and audio features . lyrical features are generated by segmentation of lyrics during the process of data extraction . anew and wordnet knowledge is then incorporated to compute valence and arousal values . in addition to this , linguistic association rules are applied to ensure that the issue of ambiguity is properly addressed . audio features are used to supple ←
→ amr - to - text generation as a traveling salesman problem ; the task of amr - to - text generation is to generate grammatical text that sustains the semantic meaning for a given amr graph . we at - tack the task by first partitioning the amr graph into smaller fragments , and then generating the translation for each fragment , before finally deciding the order by solving an asymmetric generalized traveling salesman problem ( agtsp ). a maximum entropy classifier is trained to estimate the traveling costs , and a tsp solv ←
→ the ordered weighted $\ ell_1 $ norm : atomic formulation , projections , and algorithms ; the ordered weighted $\ ell_1 $ norm ( owl ) was recently proposed , with two different motivations : its good statistical properties as a sparsity promoting regularizer ; the fact that it generalizes the so - called {\ it octagonal shrinkage and clustering algorithm for regression } ( oscar ), which has the ability to cluster / group regression variables that are highly correlated . this paper contains several contributions to the stud ←
→ semantic - aware grad - gan for virtual - to - real urban scene adaption ; recent advances in vision tasks ( e . g ., segmentation ) highly depend on the availability of large - scale real - world image annotations obtained by cumbersome human labors . moreover , the perception performance often drops significantly for new scenarios , due to the poor generalization capability of models trained on limited and biased annotations . in this work , we resort to transfer knowledge from automatically rendered scene annotations in virtu ←
→ smoothing multivariate performance measures ; a support vector method for multivariate performance measures was recently introduced by joachims ( 2005 ). the underlying optimization problem is currently solved using cutting plane methods such as svm - perf and bmrm . one can show that these algorithms converge to an eta accurate solution in o ( 1 / lambda * e ) iterations , where lambda is the trade - off parameter between the regularizer and the loss function . we present a smoothing strategy for multivariate performance ←
→ automated reasoning and presentation support for formalizing mathematics in mizar ; this paper presents a combination of several automated reasoning and proof presentation tools with the mizar system for formalization of mathematics . the combination forms an online service called mizar , similar to the systemontptp service for first - order automated reasoning . the main differences to systemontptp are the use of the mizar language that is oriented towards human mathematicians ( rather than the pure first - orde ←
→ scheduling bipartite tournaments to minimize total travel distance ; in many professional sports leagues , teams from opposing leagues / conferences compete against one another , playing inter - league games . this is an example of a bipartite tournament . in this paper , we consider the problem of reducing the total travel distance of bipartite tournaments , by analyzing inter - league scheduling from the perspective of discrete optimization . this research has natural applications to sports scheduling , especially for ←
→ a simple expression for mill ' s ratio of the student ' s $ t $- distribution ; i show a simple expression of the mill ' s ratio of the student ' s t - distribution . i use it to prove conjecture 1 in p . auer , n . cesa - bianchi , and p . fischer . finite - time analysis of the multiarmed bandit problem . mach . learn ., 47 ( 2 - 3 ): 235 -- 256 , may 2002 .←
→ deep , convolutional , and recurrent models for human activity recognition using wearables ; human activity recognition ( har ) in ubiquitous computing is beginning to adopt deep learning to substitute for well - established analysis techniques that rely on hand - crafted feature extraction and classification techniques . from these isolated applications of custom deep architectures it is , however , difficult to gain an overview of their suitability for problems ranging from the recognition of manipulative gestures ←
→ neural reranking improves subjective quality of machine translation : naist at wat2015 ; this year , the nara institute of science and technology ( naist )' s submission to the 2015 workshop on asian translation was based on syntax - based statistical machine translation , with the addition of a reranking component using neural attentional machine translation models . experiments re - confirmed results from previous work stating that neural mt reranking provides a large gain in objective evaluation measures such as ←
→ online markov decision processes with policy iteration ; the online markov decision process ( mdp ) is a generalization of the classical markov decision process that incorporates changing reward functions . in this paper , we propose practical online mdp algorithms with policy iteration and theoretically establish a sublinear regret bound . a notable advantage of the proposed algorithm is that it can be easily combined with function approximation , and thus large and possibly continuous state spaces can be effici ←
→ learning and approximation capability of orthogonal super greedy algorithm ; we consider the approximation capability of orthogonal super greedy algorithms ( osga ) and its applications in supervised learning . osga is concerned with selecting more than one atoms in each iteration step , which , of course , greatly reduces the computational burden when compared with the conventional orthogonal greedy algorithm ( oga ). we prove that even for function classes that are not the convex hull of the dictionary , osga do ←
→ using ants as a genetic crossover operator in gls to solve stsp ; ant colony algorithm ( aca ) and genetic local search ( gls ) are two optimization algorithms that have been successfully applied to the traveling salesman problem ( tsp ). in this paper we define new crossover operator then redefine acas ants as operate according to defined crossover operator then put forward our gls that uses these ants to solve symmetric tsp ( stsp ) instances .←
→ resource - bounded dimension in computational learning theory ; this paper focuses on the relation between computational learning theory and resource - bounded dimension . we intend to establish close connections between the learnability / nonlearnability of a concept class and its corresponding size in terms of effective dimension , which will allow the use of powerful dimension techniques in computational learning and viceversa , the import of learning results into complexity via dimension . firstly , we obtain a ti ←
→ distributed newton methods for deep neural networks ; deep learning involves a difficult non - convex optimization problem with a large number of weights between any two adjacent layers of a deep structure . to handle large data sets or complicated networks , distributed training is needed , but the calculation of function , gradient , and hessian is expensive . in particular , the communication and the synchronization cost may become a bottleneck . in this paper , we focus on situations where the model is distributed ←
→ efficient multi - view performance capture of fine - scale surface detail ; we present a new effective way for performance capture of deforming meshes with fine - scale time - varying surface detail from multi - view video . our method builds up on coarse 4d surface reconstructions , as obtained with commonly used template - based methods . as they only capture models of coarse - to - medium scale detail , fine scale deformation detail is often done in a second pass by using stereo constraints , features , or shading - based refin ←
→ a multi - stream hmm approach to offline handwritten arabic word recognition ; in this paper we presented new approach for cursive arabic text recognition system . the objective is to propose methodology analytical offline recognition of handwritten arabic for rapid implementation . the first part in the writing recognition system is the preprocessing phase is the preprocessing phase to prepare the data was introduces and extracts a set of simple statistical features by two methods : from a window which is sl ←
→ symmetric collaborative filtering using the noisy sensor model ; collaborative filtering is the process of making recommendations regarding the potential preference of a user , for example shopping on the internet , based on the preference ratings of the user and a number of other users for various items . this paper considers collaborative filtering based on explicitmulti - valued ratings . to evaluate the algorithms , weconsider only { em pure } collaborative filtering , using ratings exclusively , and no other info ←
→ hierarchical siamese network for thermal infrared object tracking ; most thermal infrared ( tir ) tracking methods are discriminative , which treat the tracking problem as a classification task . however , the objective of the classifier ( label prediction ) is not coupled to the objective of the tracker ( location estimation ). the classification task focuses on the between - class difference of the arbitrary objects , while the tracking task mainly deals with the within - class difference of the same objects . in this p ←
→ twin learning for similarity and clustering : a unified kernel approach ; many similarity - based clustering methods work in two separate steps including similarity matrix computation and subsequent spectral clustering . however , similarity measurement is challenging because it is usually impacted by many factors , e . g ., the choice of similarity metric , neighborhood size , scale of data , noise and outliers . thus the learned similarity matrix is often not suitable , let alone optimal , for the subsequent clustering .←
→ group sparse priors for covariance estimation ; recently it has become popular to learn sparse gaussian graphical models ( ggms ) by imposing l1 or group l1 , 2 penalties on the elements of the precision matrix . thispenalized likelihood approach results in a tractable convex optimization problem . in this paper , we reinterpret these results as performing map estimation under a novel prior which we call the group l1 and l1 , 2 positivedefinite matrix distributions . this enables us to build a hierarchical model in w ←
→ superpixels based segmentation and svm based classification method to distinguish five diseases from normal regions in wireless capsule endoscopy ; wireless capsule endoscopy ( wce ) is relatively a new technology to examine the entire gi trace . during an examination , it captures more than 55 , 000 frames . reviewing all these images is time - consuming and prone to human error . it has been a challenge to develop intelligent methods assisting physicians to review the frames . the wce frames are captured in 8 - bit ←
→ improving lstm - ctc based asr performance in domains with limited training data ; this paper addresses the observed performance gap between automatic speech recognition ( asr ) systems based on long short term memory ( lstm ) neural networks trained with the connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) loss function and systems based on hybrid deep neural networks ( dnns ) trained with the cross entropy ( ce ) loss function on domains with limited data . we step through a number of experiments that show incremental ←
→ a new low - rank tensor model for video completion ; in this paper , we propose a new low - rank tensor model based on the circulant algebra , namely , twist tensor nuclear norm or t - tnn for short . the twist tensor denotes a 3 - way tensor representation to laterally store 2d data slices in order . on one hand , t - tnn convexly relaxes the tensor multi - rank of the twist tensor in the fourier domain , which allows an efficient computation using fft . on the other , t - tnn is equal to the nuclear norm of block circulant matr ←
→ truth maintenance under uncertainty ; this paper addresses the problem of resolving errors under uncertainty in a rule - based system . a new approach has been developed that reformulates this problem as a neural - network learning problem . the strength and the fundamental limitations of this approach are explored and discussed . the main result is that neural heuristics can be applied to solve some but not all problems in rule - based systems .←
→ deep fishing : gradient features from deep nets ; convolutional networks ( convnets ) have recently improved image recognition performance thanks to end - to - end learning of deep feed - forward models from raw pixels . deep learning is a marked departure from the previous state of the art , the fisher vector ( fv ), which relied on gradient - based encoding of local hand - crafted features . in this paper , we discuss a novel connection between these two approaches . first , we show that one can derive gradient representation ←
→ fusion of qualitative beliefs using dsmt ; this paper introduces the notion of qualitative belief assignment to model beliefs of human experts expressed in natural language ( with linguistic labels ). we show how qualitative beliefs can be efficiently combined using an extension of dezert - smarandache theory ( dsmt ) of plausible and paradoxical quantitative reasoning to qualitative reasoning . we propose a new arithmetic on linguistic labels which allows a direct extension of classical dsm fusion rule or dsm hyb ←
→ bat algorithm is better than intermittent search strategy ; the efficiency of any metaheuristic algorithm largely depends on the way of balancing local intensive exploitation and global diverse exploration . studies show that bat algorithm can provide a good balance between these two key components with superior efficiency . in this paper , we first review some commonly used metaheuristic algorithms , and then compare the performance of bat algorithm with the so - called intermittent search strategy . from simulat ←
→ counterfactual multi - agent policy gradients ; cooperative multi - agent systems can be naturally used to model many real world problems , such as network packet routing and the coordination of autonomous vehicles . there is a great need for new reinforcement learning methods that can efficiently learn decentralised policies for such systems . to this end , we propose a new multi - agent actor - critic method called counterfactual multi - agent ( coma ) policy gradients . coma uses a centralised critic to estimate the q - fu ←
→ tone biased mmr text summarization ; text summarization is an interesting area for researchers to develop new techniques to provide human like summaries for vast amounts of information . summarization techniques tend to focus on providing accurate representation of content , and often the tone of the content is ignored . tone of the content sets a baseline for how a reader perceives the content . as such being able to generate summary with tone that is appropriate for the reader is important . in our work we imp ←
→ from virtual to real world visual perception using domain adaptation -- the dpm as example ; supervised learning tends to produce more accurate classifiers than unsupervised learning in general . this implies that training data is preferred with annotations . when addressing visual perception challenges , such as localizing certain object classes within an image , the learning of the involved classifiers turns out to be a practical bottleneck . the reason is that , at least , we have to frame object examples wit ←
→ bayesian nonparametric plackett - luce models for the analysis of preferences for college degree programmes ; in this paper we propose a bayesian nonparametric model for clustering partial ranking data . we start by developing a bayesian nonparametric extension of the popular plackett - luce choice model that can handle an infinite number of choice items . our framework is based on the theory of random atomic measures , with the prior specified by a completely random measure . we characterise the posterior distri ←
→ probabilistic index maps for modeling natural signals ; one of the major problems in modeling natural signals is that signals with very similar structure may locally have completely different measurements , e . g ., images taken under different illumination conditions , or the speech signal captured in different environments . while there have been many successful attempts to address these problems in application - specific settings , we believe that underlying a large set of problems in signal representation is a r ←
→ unsupervised learning of 3d structure from images ; a key goal of computer vision is to recover the underlying 3d structure from 2d observations of the world . in this paper we learn strong deep generative models of 3d structures , and recover these structures from 3d and 2d images via probabilistic inference . we demonstrate high - quality samples and report log - likelihoods on several datasets , including shapenet [ 2 ], and establish the first benchmarks in the literature . we also show how these models and their ←
→ deepdiary : automatic caption generation for lifelogging image streams ; lifelogging cameras capture everyday life from a first - person perspective , but generate so much data that it is hard for users to browse and organize their image collections effectively . in this paper , we propose to use automatic image captioning algorithms to generate textual representations of these collections . we develop and explore novel techniques based on deep learning to generate captions for both individual images and image str ←
→ self - attention with relative position representations ; relying entirely on an attention mechanism , the transformer introduced by vaswani et al . ( 2017 ) achieves state - of - the - art results for machine translation . in contrast to recurrent and convolutional neural networks , it does not explicitly model relative or absolute position information in its structure . instead , it requires adding representations of absolute positions to its inputs . in this work we present an alternative approach , extending the self - att ←
→ gradual dropin of layers to train very deep neural networks ; we introduce the concept of dynamically growing a neural network during training . in particular , an untrainable deep network starts as a trainable shallow network and newly added layers are slowly , organically added during training , thereby increasing the network ' s depth . this is accomplished by a new layer , which we call dropin . the dropin layer starts by passing the output from a previous layer ( effectively skipping over the newly added layers )←
→ an empirical approach to temporal reference resolution ( journal version ) ; scheduling dialogs , during which people negotiate the times of appointments , are common in everyday life . this paper reports the results of an in - depth empirical investigation of resolving explicit temporal references in scheduling dialogs . there are four phases of this work : data annotation and evaluation , model development , system implementation and evaluation , and model evaluation and analysis . the system and model were developed ←
→ a hybrid exact - aco algorithm for the joint scheduling , power and cluster assignment in cooperative wireless networks ; base station cooperation ( bsc ) has recently arisen as a promising way to increase the capacity of a wireless network . implementing bsc adds a new design dimension to the classical wireless network design problem : how to define the subset of base stations ( clusters ) that coordinate to serve a user . though the problem of forming clusters has been extensively discussed from a technical point ←
→ self - organizing mixture networks for representation of grayscale digital images ; self - organizing maps are commonly used for unsupervised learning purposes . this paper is dedicated to the certain modification of som called somn ( self - organizing mixture networks ) used as a mechanism for representing grayscale digital images . any grayscale digital image regarded as a distribution function can be approximated by the corresponding gaussian mixture . in this paper , the use of somn is proposed in order to obtain ←
→ resilient linear classification : an approach to deal with attacks on training data ; data - driven techniques are used in cyber - physical systems ( cps ) for controlling autonomous vehicles , handling demand responses for energy management , and modeling human physiology for medical devices . these data - driven techniques extract models from training data , where their performance is often analyzed with respect to random errors in the training data . however , if the training data is maliciously altered by attackers ,←
→ deep convolutional neural network design patterns ; recent research in the deep learning field has produced a plethora of new architectures . at the same time , a growing number of groups are applying deep learning to new applications . some of these groups are likely to be composed of inexperienced deep learning practitioners who are baffled by the dizzying array of architecture choices and therefore opt to use an older architecture ( i . e ., alexnet ). here we attempt to bridge this gap by mining the collective ←
→ instrumenting an smt solver to solve hybrid network reachability problems ; pddl + planning has its semantics rooted in hybrid automata ( ha ) and recent work has shown that it can be modeled as a network of has . addressing the complexity of nonlinear pddl + planning as has requires both space and time efficient reasoning . unfortunately , existing solvers either do not address nonlinear dynamics or do not natively support networks of automata . we present a new algorithm , called hnsolve , which guides the vari ←
→ missing value imputation with unsupervised backpropagation ; many data mining and data analysis techniques operate on dense matrices or complete tables of data . real - world data sets , however , often contain unknown values . even many classification algorithms that are designed to operate with missing values still exhibit deteriorated accuracy . one approach to handling missing values is to fill in ( impute ) the missing values . in this paper , we present a technique for unsupervised learning called unsupervised b ←
→ using ontology - based context in the portuguese - english translation of homographs in textual dialogues ; this paper introduces a novel approach to tackle the existing gap on message translations in dialogue systems . currently , submitted messages to the dialogue systems are considered as isolated sentences . thus , missing context information impede the disambiguation of homographs words in ambiguous sentences . our approach solves this disambiguation problem by using concepts over existing ontologies .←
→ gradient of probability density functions based contrasts for blind source separation ( bss ) ; the article derives some novel independence measures and contrast functions for blind source separation ( bss ) application . for the $ k ^{ th }$ order differentiable multivariate functions with equal hyper - volumes ( region bounded by hyper - surfaces ) and with a constraint of bounded support for $ k > 1 $, it proves that equality of any $ k ^{ th }$ order derivatives implies equality of the functions . the difference between prod ←
→ on the convergence of the mean shift algorithm in the one - dimensional space ; the mean shift algorithm is a non - parametric and iterative technique that has been used for finding modes of an estimated probability density function . it has been successfully employed in many applications in specific areas of machine vision , pattern recognition , and image processing . although the mean shift algorithm has been used in many applications , a rigorous proof of its convergence is still missing in the literature . in ←
→ method to assess the temporal persistence of potential biometric features : application to oculomotor , and gait - related databases ; although temporal persistence , or permanence , is a well understood requirement for optimal biometric features , there is no general agreement on how to assess temporal persistence . we suggest that the best way to assess temporal persistence is to perform a test - retest study , and assess test - retest reliability . for ratio - scale features that are normally distributed , this is best ←
→ spatially adaptive computation time for residual networks ; this paper proposes a deep learning architecture based on residual network that dynamically adjusts the number of executed layers for the regions of the image . this architecture is end - to - end trainable , deterministic and problem - agnostic . it is therefore applicable without any modifications to a wide range of computer vision problems such as image classification , object detection and image segmentation . we present experimental results showing that ←
→ risk - averse multi - armed bandit problems under mean - variance measure ; the multi - armed bandit problems have been studied mainly under the measure of expected total reward accrued over a horizon of length $ t $. in this paper , we address the issue of risk in multi - armed bandit problems and develop parallel results under the measure of mean - variance , a commonly adopted risk measure in economics and mathematical finance . we show that the model - specific regret and the model - independent regret in terms of the mean -←
→ road detection by one - class color classification : dataset and experiments ; detecting traversable road areas ahead a moving vehicle is a key process for modern autonomous driving systems . a common approach to road detection consists of exploiting color features to classify pixels as road or background . these algorithms reduce the effect of lighting variations and weather conditions by exploiting the discriminant / invariant properties of different color representations . furthermore , the lack of labeled data ←
→ is structure necessary for modeling argument expectations in distributional semantics ? ; despite the number of nlp studies dedicated to thematic fit estimation , little attention has been paid to the related task of composing and updating verb argument expectations . the few exceptions have mostly modeled this phenomenon with structured distributional models , implicitly assuming a similarly structured representation of events . recent experimental evidence , however , suggests that human processing system coul ←
→ convergence , continuity and recurrence in dynamic epistemic logic ; the paper analyzes dynamic epistemic logic from a topological perspective . the main contribution consists of a framework in which dynamic epistemic logic satisfies the requirements for being a topological dynamical system thus interfacing discrete dynamic logics with continuous mappings of dynamical systems . the setting is based on a notion of logical convergence , demonstratively equivalent with convergence in stone topology . presented is a ←
→ efficient media retrieval from non - cooperative queries ; text is ubiquitous in the artificial world and easily attainable when it comes to book title and author names . using the images from the book cover set from the stanford mobile visual search dataset and additional book covers and metadata from openlibrary . org , we construct a large scale book cover retrieval dataset , complete with 100k distractor covers and title and author strings for each . because our query images are poorly conditioned for clean tex ←
→ dynamic compositional neural networks over tree structure ; tree - structured neural networks have proven to be effective in learning semantic representations by exploiting syntactic information . in spite of their success , most existing models suffer from the underfitting problem : they recursively use the same shared compositional function throughout the whole compositional process and lack expressive power due to inability to capture the richness of compositionality . in this paper , we address this issue by i ←
→ repulsion loss : detecting pedestrians in a crowd ; detecting individual pedestrians in a crowd remains a challenging problem since the pedestrians often gather together and occlude each other in real - world scenarios . in this paper , we first explore how a state - of - the - art pedestrian detector is harmed by crowd occlusion via experimentation , providing insights into the crowd occlusion problem . then , we propose a novel bounding box regression loss specifically designed for crowd scenes , termed repulsion loss . ←
→ a monte carlo algorithm for universally optimal bayesian sequence prediction and planning ; the aim of this work is to address the question of whether we can in principle design rational decision - making agents or artificial intelligences embedded in computable physics such that their decisions are optimal in reasonable mathematical senses . recent developments in rare event probability estimation , recursive bayesian inference , neural networks , and probabilistic planning are sufficient to explicitly approxi ←
→ cramer rao - type bounds for sparse bayesian learning ; in this paper , we derive hybrid , bayesian and marginalized cram \'{ e } r - rao lower bounds ( hcrb , bcrb and mcrb ) for the single and multiple measurement vector sparse bayesian learning ( sbl ) problem of estimating compressible vectors and their prior distribution parameters . we assume the unknown vector to be drawn from a compressible student - t prior distribution . we derive crbs that encompass the deterministic or random nature of the unknown parameters of th ←
→ a new approach in dynamic traveling salesman problem : a hybrid of ant colony optimization and descending gradient ; nowadays swarm intelligence - based algorithms are being used widely to optimize the dynamic traveling salesman problem ( dtsp ). in this paper , we have used mixed method of ant colony optimization ( aoc ) and gradient descent to optimize dtsp which differs with aco algorithm in evaporation rate and innovative data . this approach prevents premature convergence and scape from local optimum spots and ←
→ immune system approaches to intrusion detection - a review ; the use of artificial immune systems in intrusion detection is an appealing concept for two reasons . firstly , the human immune system provides the human body with a high level of protection from invading pathogens , in a robust , self - organised and distributed manner . secondly , current techniques used in computer security are not able to cope with the dynamic and increasingly complex nature of computer systems and their security . it is hoped that bi ←
→ an improved k - means clustering based approach to detect a dna structure in h & e image of mouse tissue reacted with cd4 - green antigen ; in this manuscript we present the technique to detect and analyze the dna rich structure in haemotoxylin & eosin ( h & e ) image of a tissue treated with anti cd4 green antigen . the detection of dna rich structure can be considered as a detection of blue nuclei present through the biomedical signal / image processing technique performed on the image of the tissue obtained by the ←
→ approximate principal direction trees ; we introduce a new spatial data structure for high dimensional data called the \ emph { approximate principal direction tree } ( apd tree ) that adapts to the intrinsic dimension of the data . our algorithm ensures vector - quantization accuracy similar to that of computationally - expensive pca trees with similar time - complexity to that of lower - accuracy rp trees . apd trees use a small number of power - method iterations to find splitting planes for recursively partitioning the ←
→ forward - backward selection with early dropping ; forward - backward selection is one of the most basic and commonly - used feature selection algorithms available . it is also general and conceptually applicable to many different types of data . in this paper , we propose a heuristic that significantly improves its running time , while preserving predictive accuracy . the idea is to temporarily discard the variables that are conditionally independent with the outcome given the selected variable set . depending on how ←
→ attention solves your tsp ; we propose a framework for solving combinatorial optimization problems of which the output can be represented as a sequence of input elements . as an alternative to the pointer network , we parameterize a policy by a model based entirely on ( graph ) attention layers , and train it efficiently using reinforce with a simple and robust baseline based on a deterministic ( greedy ) rollout of the best policy found during training . we significantly improve over state - of - the - art results for l ←
→ structured priors for sparse - representation - based hyperspectral image classification ; pixel - wise classification , where each pixel is assigned to a predefined class , is one of the most important procedures in hyperspectral image ( hsi ) analysis . by representing a test pixel as a linear combination of a small subset of labeled pixels , a sparse representation classifier ( src ) gives rather plausible results compared with that of traditional classifiers such as the support vector machine ( svm ). recently , by in ←
→ medical exam question answering with large - scale reading comprehension ; reading and understanding text is one important component in computer aided diagnosis in clinical medicine , also being a major research problem in the field of nlp . in this work , we introduce a question - answering task called medqa to study answering questions in clinical medicine using knowledge in a large - scale document collection . the aim of medqa is to answer real - world questions with large - scale reading comprehension . we propose ou ←
→ on random weights for texture generation in one layer neural networks ; recent work in the literature has shown experimentally that one can use the lower layers of a trained convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to model natural textures . more interestingly , it has also been experimentally shown that only one layer with random filters can also model textures although with less variability . in this paper we ask the question as to why one layer cnns with random filters are so effective in generating textures ? we ←
→ scene flow estimation : a survey ; this paper is the first to review the scene flow estimation field , which analyzes and compares methods , technical challenges , evaluation methodologies and performance of scene flow estimation . existing algorithms are categorized in terms of scene representation , data source , and calculation scheme , and the pros and cons in each category are compared briefly . the datasets and evaluation protocols are enumerated , and the performance of the most representative methods is prese ←
→ speaker - independent machine lip - reading with speaker - dependent viseme classifiers ; in machine lip - reading , which is identification of speech from visual - only information , there is evidence to show that visual speech is highly dependent upon the speaker [ 1 ]. here , we use a phoneme - clustering method to form new phoneme - to - viseme maps for both individual and multiple speakers . we use these maps to examine how similarly speakers talk visually . we conclude that broadly speaking , speakers have the same reperto ←
→ context aware document embedding ; recently , doc2vec has achieved excellent results in different tasks . in this paper , we present a context aware variant of doc2vec . we introduce a novel weight estimating mechanism that generates weights for each word occurrence according to its contribution in the context , using deep neural networks . our context aware model can achieve similar results compared to doc2vec initialized bywikipedia trained vectors , while being much more efficient and free from heavy external c ←
→ dictionary lasso : guaranteed sparse recovery under linear transformation ; we consider the following signal recovery problem : given a measurement matrix $\ phi \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ n \ times p }$ and a noisy observation vector $ c \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ n }$ constructed from $ c = \ phi \ theta ^* + \ epsilon $ where $\ epsilon \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ n }$ is the noise vector whose entries follow i . i . d . centered sub - gaussian distribution , how to recover the signal $\ theta ^*$ if $ d \ theta ^*$ is sparse {\ rca under a linear transformation } $ d \ in \ ma ←
→ a neural transducer ; sequence - to - sequence models have achieved impressive results on various tasks . however , they are unsuitable for tasks that require incremental predictions to be made as more data arrives or tasks that have long input sequences and output sequences . this is because they generate an output sequence conditioned on an entire input sequence . in this paper , we present a neural transducer that can make incremental predictions as more input arrives , without redoing the entire computation . unli ←
→ a new approach to content - based file type detection ; file type identification and file type clustering may be difficult tasks that have an increasingly importance in the field of computer and network security . classical methods of file type detection including considering file extensions and magic bytes can be easily spoofed . content - based file type detection is a newer way that is taken into account recently . in this paper , a new content - based method for the purpose of file type detection and file type cl ←
→ a deeper look into sarcastic tweets using deep convolutional neural networks ; sarcasm detection is a key task for many natural language processing tasks . in sentiment analysis , for example , sarcasm can flip the polarity of an " apparently positive " sentence and , hence , negatively affect polarity detection performance . to date , most approaches to sarcasm detection have treated the task primarily as a text categorization problem . sarcasm , however , can be expressed in very subtle ways and requires a deeper u ←
→ reply to the commentary " be careful when assuming the obvious ", by p . alday ; here we respond to some comments by alday concerning headedness in linguistic theory and the validity of the assumptions of a mathematical model for word order . for brevity , we focus only on two assumptions : the unit of measurement of dependency length and the monotonicity of the cost of a dependency as a function of its length . we also revise the implicit psychological bias in alday ' s comments . notwithstanding , alday is indicat ←
→ multi - task learning using uncertainty to weigh losses for scene geometry and semantics ; numerous deep learning applications benefit from multi - task learning with multiple regression and classification objectives . in this paper we make the observation that the performance of such systems is strongly dependent on the relative weighting between each task ' s loss . tuning these weights by hand is a difficult and expensive process , making multi - task learning prohibitive in practice . we propose a principled appr ←
→ monte carlo connection prover ; monte carlo tree search ( mcts ) is a technique to guide search in a large decision space by taking random samples and evaluating their outcome . in this work , we study mcts methods in the context of the connection calculus and implement them on top of the leancop prover . this includes proposing useful proof - state evaluation heuristics that are learned from previous proofs , and proposing and automatically improving suitable mcts strategies in this context . the system is trained ←
→ cascades of regression tree fields for image restoration ; conditional random fields ( crfs ) are popular discriminative models for computer vision and have been successfully applied in the domain of image restoration , especially to image denoising . for image deblurring , however , discriminative approaches have been mostly lacking . we posit two reasons for this : first , the blur kernel is often only known at test time , requiring any discriminative approach to cope with considerable variability . second , given th ←
→ evaluating temporal graphs built from texts via transitive reduction ; temporal information has been the focus of recent attention in information extraction , leading to some standardization effort , in particular for the task of relating events in a text . this task raises the problem of comparing two annotations of a given text , because relations between events in a story are intrinsically interdependent and cannot be evaluated separately . a proper evaluation measure is also crucial in the context of a machi ←
→ semantic graph for zero - shot learning ; zero - shot learning aims to classify visual objects without any training data via knowledge transfer between seen and unseen classes . this is typically achieved by exploring a semantic embedding space where the seen and unseen classes can be related . previous works differ in what embedding space is used and how different classes and a test image can be related . in this paper , we utilize the annotation - free semantic word space for the former and focus on solving the lat ←
→ knowledge elicitation via sequential probabilistic inference for high - dimensional prediction ; prediction in a small - sized sample with a large number of covariates , the " small n , large p " problem , is challenging . this setting is encountered in multiple applications , such as precision medicine , where obtaining additional samples can be extremely costly or even impossible , and extensive research effort has recently been dedicated to finding principled solutions for accurate prediction . however , a valuable s ←
→ improved clustering with augmented k - means ; identifying a set of homogeneous clusters in a heterogeneous dataset is one of the most important classes of problems in statistical modeling . in the realm of unsupervised partitional clustering , k - means is a very important algorithm for this . in this technical report , we develop a new k - means variant called augmented k - means , which is a hybrid of k - means and logistic regression . during each iteration , logistic regression is used to predict the current cluster la ←
→ a diversified multi - start algorithm for unconstrained binary quadratic problems leveraging the graphics processor unit ; multi - start algorithms are a common and effective tool for metaheuristic searches . in this paper we amplify multi - start capabilities by employing the parallel processing power of the graphics processer unit ( gpu ) to quickly generate a diverse starting set of solutions for the unconstrained binary quadratic optimization problem which are evaluated and used to implement screening methods ←
→ incomplete pivoted qr - based dimensionality reduction ; high - dimensional big data appears in many research fields such as image recognition , biology and collaborative filtering . often , the exploration of such data by classic algorithms is encountered with difficulties due to ` curse of dimensionality ' phenomenon . therefore , dimensionality reduction methods are applied to the data prior to its analysis . many of these methods are based on principal components analysis , which is statistically driven , namely they ←
→ bootstrap for neural model selection ; bootstrap techniques ( also called resampling computation techniques ) have introduced new advances in modeling and model evaluation . using resampling methods to construct a series of new samples which are based on the original data set , allows to estimate the stability of the parameters . properties such as convergence and asymptotic normality can be checked for any particular observed data set . in most cases , the statistics computed on the generated data sets give a goo ←
→ learning concept taxonomies from multi - modal data ; we study the problem of automatically building hypernym taxonomies from textual and visual data . previous works in taxonomy induction generally ignore the increasingly prominent visual data , which encode important perceptual semantics . instead , we propose a probabilistic model for taxonomy induction by jointly leveraging text and images . to avoid hand - crafted feature engineering , we design end - to - end features based on distributed representations of images ←
→ weakly - supervised relation extraction by pattern - enhanced embedding learning ; extracting relations from text corpora is an important task in text mining . it becomes particularly challenging when focusing on weakly - supervised relation extraction , that is , utilizing a few relation instances ( i . e ., a pair of entities and their relation ) as seeds to extract more instances from corpora . existing distributional approaches leverage the corpus - level co - occurrence statistics of entities to predict their relations ←
→ recurrent multimodal interaction for referring image segmentation ; in this paper we are interested in the problem of image segmentation given natural language descriptions , i . e . referring expressions . existing works tackle this problem by first modeling images and sentences independently and then segment images by combining these two types of representations . we argue that learning word - to - image interaction is more native in the sense of jointly modeling two modalities for the image segmentation task , and ←
→ convergence properties of two ( μ + λ ) evolutionary algorithms on onemax and royal roads test functions ; we present a number of bounds on convergence time for two elitist population - based evolutionary algorithms using a recombination operator k - bit - swap and a mainstream randomized local search algorithm . we study the effect of distribution of elite species and population size .←
→ spatio - temporal attention models for grounded video captioning ; automatic video captioning is challenging due to the complex interactions in dynamic real scenes . a comprehensive system would ultimately localize and track the objects , actions and interactions present in a video and generate a description that relies on temporal localization in order to ground the visual concepts . however , most existing automatic video captioning systems map from raw video data to high level textual description , bypassing lo ←
→ depth2action : exploring embedded depth for large - scale action recognition ; this paper performs the first investigation into depth for large - scale human action recognition in video where the depth cues are estimated from the videos themselves . we develop a new framework called depth2action and experiment thoroughly into how best to incorporate the depth information . we introduce spatio - temporal depth normalization ( stdn ) to enforce temporal consistency in our estimated depth sequences . we also propose mod ←
→ learning criticality in an embodied boltzmann machine ; many biological and cognitive systems do not operate deep into one or other regime of activity . instead , they exploit critical surfaces poised at transitions in their parameter space . the pervasiveness of criticality in natural systems suggests that there may be general principles inducing this behaviour . however , there is a lack of conceptual models explaining how embodied agents propel themselves towards these critical points . in this paper , we prese ←
→ probabilistic diffeomorphic registration : representing uncertainty ; this paper presents a novel mathematical framework for representing uncertainty in large deformation diffeomorphic image registration . the bayesian posterior distribution over the deformations aligning a moving and a fixed image is approximated via a variational formulation . a stochastic differential equation ( sde ) modeling the deformations as the evolution of a time - varying velocity field leads to a prior density over deformations in the ←
→ block compressive sensing of image and video with nonlocal lagrangian multiplier and patch - based sparse representation ; although block compressive sensing ( bcs ) makes it tractable to sense large - sized images and video , its recovery performance has yet to be significantly improved because its recovered images or video usually suffer from blurred edges , loss of details , and high - frequency oscillatory artifacts , especially at a low subrate . this paper addresses these problems by designing a modified total v ←
→ modeling cumulative biological phenomena with suppes - bayes causal networks ; several diseases related to cell proliferation are characterized by the accumulation of somatic dna changes , with respect to wildtype conditions . cancer and hiv are two common examples of such diseases , where the mutational load in the cancerous / viral population increases over time . in these cases , selective pressures are often observed along with competition , cooperation and parasitism among distinct cellular clones . recently , w ←
→ content - based top - n recommendation using heterogeneous relations ; top -$ n $ recommender systems have been extensively studied . however , the sparsity of user - item activities has not been well resolved . while many hybrid systems were proposed to address the cold - start problem , the profile information has not been sufficiently leveraged . furthermore , the heterogeneity of profiles between users and items intensifies the challenge . in this paper , we propose a content - based top -$ n $ recommender system by learning t ←
→ hyperspectral data unmixing using gnmf method and sparseness constraint ; hyperspectral images contain mixed pixels due to low spatial resolution of hyperspectral sensors . mixed pixels are pixels containing more than one distinct material called endmembers . the presence percentages of endmembers in mixed pixels are called abundance fractions . spectral unmixing problem refers to decomposing these pixels into a set of endmembers and abundance fractions . due to nonnegativity constraint on abundance fractions , ←
→ symbol detection in online handwritten graphics using faster r - cnn ; symbol detection techniques in online handwritten graphics ( e . g . diagrams and mathematical expressions ) consist of methods specifically designed for a single graphic type . in this work , we evaluate the faster r - cnn object detection algorithm as a general method for detection of symbols in handwritten graphics . we evaluate different configurations of the faster r - cnn method , and point out issues relative to the handwritten nature of the dat ←
→ kernel alignment for unsupervised transfer learning ; the ability of a human being to extrapolate previously gained knowledge to other domains inspired a new family of methods in machine learning called transfer learning . transfer learning is often based on the assumption that objects in both target and source domains share some common feature and / or data space . in this paper , we propose a simple and intuitive approach that minimizes iteratively the distance between source and target task distributions by o ←
→ joint unsupervised learning of deep representations and image clusters ; in this paper , we propose a recurrent framework for joint unsupervised learning ( jule ) of deep representations and image clusters . in our framework , successive operations in a clustering algorithm are expressed as steps in a recurrent process , stacked on top of representations output by a convolutional neural network ( cnn ). during training , image clusters and representations are updated jointly : image clustering is conducted in the for ←
→ manifold alignment determination : finding correspondences across different data views ; we present manifold alignment determination ( mad ), an algorithm for learning alignments between data points from multiple views or modalities . the approach is capable of learning correspondences between views as well as correspondences between individual data - points . the proposed method requires only a few aligned examples from which it is capable to recover a global alignment through a probabilistic model . the strong ,←
→ towards learned clauses database reduction strategies based on dominance relationship ; clause learning is one of the most important components of a conflict driven clause learning ( cdcl ) sat solver that is effective on industrial instances . since the number of learned clauses is proved to be exponential in the worse case , it is necessary to identify the most relevant clauses to maintain and delete the irrelevant ones . as reported in the literature , several learned clauses deletion strategies have been pr ←
→ chaotic multi - objective optimization based design of fractional order piλdμ controller in avr system ; in this paper , a fractional order ( fo ) pi {\ lambda } d \ mu controller is designed to take care of various contradictory objective functions for an automatic voltage regulator ( avr ) system . an improved evolutionary non - dominated sorting genetic algorithm ii ( nsga ii ), which is augmented with a chaotic map for greater effectiveness , is used for the multi - objective optimization problem . the pareto fronts showin ←
→ cad priors for accurate and flexible instance reconstruction ; we present an efficient and automatic approach for accurate reconstruction of instances of big 3d objects from multiple , unorganized and unstructured point clouds , in presence of dynamic clutter and occlusions . in contrast to conventional scanning , where the background is assumed to be rather static , we aim at handling dynamic clutter where background drastically changes during the object scanning . currently , it is tedious to solve this with ava ←
→ approximation algorithms for the loop cutset problem ; we show how to find a small loop curser in a bayesian network . finding such a loop cutset is the first step in the method of conditioning for inference . our algorithm for finding a loop cutset , called mga , finds a loop cutset which is guaranteed in the worst case to contain less than twice the number of variables contained in a minimum loop cutset . we test mga on randomly generated graphs and find that the average ratio between the number of instances a ←
→ online data thinning via multi - subspace tracking ; in an era of ubiquitous large - scale streaming data , the availability of data far exceeds the capacity of expert human analysts . in many settings , such data is either discarded or stored unprocessed in datacenters . this paper proposes a method of online data thinning , in which large - scale streaming datasets are winnowed to preserve unique , anomalous , or salient elements for timely expert analysis . at the heart of this proposed approach is an online anomaly d ←
→ speeding - up the decision making of a learning agent using an ion trap quantum processor ; we report a proof - of - principle experimental demonstration of the quantum speed - up for learning agents utilizing a small - scale quantum information processor based on radiofrequency - driven trapped ions . the decision - making process of a quantum learning agent within the projective simulation paradigm for machine learning is implemented in a system of two qubits . the latter are realized using hyperfine states of two freq ←
→ multimodal multipart learning for action recognition in depth videos ; the articulated and complex nature of human actions makes the task of action recognition difficult . one approach to handle this complexity is dividing it to the kinetics of body parts and analyzing the actions based on these partial descriptors . we propose a joint sparse regression based learning method which utilizes the structured sparsity to model each action as a combination of multimodal features from a sparse set of body parts . to ←
→ making early predictions of the accuracy of machine learning applications ; the accuracy of machine learning systems is a widely studied research topic . established techniques such as cross - validation predict the accuracy on unseen data of the classifier produced by applying a given learning method to a given training data set . however , they do not predict whether incurring the cost of obtaining more data and undergoing further training will lead to higher accuracy . in this paper we investigate techniques ←
→ learning spatio - temporal features with 3d residual networks for action recognition ; convolutional neural networks with spatio - temporal 3d kernels ( 3d cnns ) have an ability to directly extract spatio - temporal features from videos for action recognition . although the 3d kernels tend to overfit because of a large number of their parameters , the 3d cnns are greatly improved by using recent huge video databases . however , the architecture of 3d cnns is relatively shallow against to the success of very deep neu ←
→ dynamic bayesian networks to simulate occupant behaviours in office buildings related to indoor air quality ; this paper proposes a new general approach based on bayesian networks to model the human behaviour . this approach represents human behaviour with probabilistic cause - effect relations based on knowledge , but also with conditional probabilities coming either from knowledge or deduced from observations . this approach has been applied to the co - simulation of the co2 concentration in an office coupled ←
→ tight ( lower ) bounds for the fixed budget best arm identification bandit problem ; we consider the problem of \ textit { best arm identification } with a \ textit { fixed budget $ t $}, in the $ k $- armed stochastic bandit setting , with arms distribution defined on $[ 0 , 1 ]$. we prove that any bandit strategy , for at least one bandit problem characterized by a complexity $ h $, will misidentify the best arm with probability lower bounded by $$\ exp \ big (-\ frac { t }{\ log ( k ) h }\ big ),$$ where $ h $ is the sum for all sub - optimal ←
→ how opinions are received by online communities : a case study on amazon . com helpfulness votes ; there are many on - line settings in which users publicly express opinions . a number of these offer mechanisms for other users to evaluate these opinions ; a canonical example is amazon . com , where reviews come with annotations like " 26 of 32 people found the following review helpful ." opinion evaluation appears in many off - line settings as well , including market research and political campaigns . reasoning about th ←
→ an introduction to logics of knowledge and belief ; this chapter provides an introduction to some basic concepts of epistemic logic , basic formal languages , their semantics , and proof systems . it also contains an overview of the handbook , and a brief history of epistemic logic and pointers to the literature .←
→ source - side prediction for neural headline generation ; the encoder - decoder model is widely used in natural language generation tasks . however , the model sometimes suffers from repeated redundant generation , misses important phrases , and includes irrelevant entities . toward solving these problems we propose a novel source - side token prediction module . our method jointly estimates the probability distributions over source and target vocabularies to capture a correspondence between source and target tokens . t ←
→ color image compression based on wavelet packet best tree ; in image compression , the researchers ' aim is to reduce the number of bits required to represent an image by removing the spatial and spectral redundancies . recently discrete wavelet transform and wavelet packet has emerged as popular techniques for image compression . the wavelet transform is one of the major processing components of image compression . the result of the compression changes as per the basis and tap of the wavelet used . it is propose ←
→ distilling the knowledge in a neural network ; a very simple way to improve the performance of almost any machine learning algorithm is to train many different models on the same data and then to average their predictions . unfortunately , making predictions using a whole ensemble of models is cumbersome and may be too computationally expensive to allow deployment to a large number of users , especially if the individual models are large neural nets . caruana and his collaborators have shown that it is possible ←
→ user - level sentiment analysis incorporating social networks ; we show that information about social relationships can be used to improve user - level sentiment analysis . the main motivation behind our approach is that users that are somehow " connected " may be more likely to hold similar opinions ; therefore , relationship information can complement what we can extract about a user ' s viewpoints from their utterances . employing twitter as a source for our experimental data , and working within a semi - supervised fr ←
→ semi - supervised text categorization using recursive k - means clustering ; in this paper , we present a semi - supervised learning algorithm for classification of text documents . a method of labeling unlabeled text documents is presented . the presented method is based on the principle of divide and conquer strategy . it uses recursive k - means algorithm for partitioning both labeled and unlabeled data collection . the k - means algorithm is applied recursively on each partition till a desired level partition is achie ←
→ possibilistic answer set programming revisited ; possibilistic answer set programming ( pasp ) extends answer set programming ( asp ) by attaching to each rule a degree of certainty . while such an extension is important from an application point of view , existing semantics are not well - motivated , and do not always yield intuitive results . to develop a more suitable semantics , we first introduce a characterization of answer sets of classical asp programs in terms of possibilistic logic where an asp program speci ←
→ algorithms for cvar optimization in mdps ; in many sequential decision - making problems we may want to manage risk by minimizing some measure of variability in costs in addition to minimizing a standard criterion . conditional value - at - risk ( cvar ) is a relatively new risk measure that addresses some of the shortcomings of the well - known variance - related risk measures , and because of its computational efficiencies has gained popularity in finance and operations research . in this paper , we consider the mean - cva ←
→ learning image representations tied to ego - motion ; understanding how images of objects and scenes behave in response to specific ego - motions is a crucial aspect of proper visual development , yet existing visual learning methods are conspicuously disconnected from the physical source of their images . we propose to exploit proprioceptive motor signals to provide unsupervised regularization in convolutional neural networks to learn visual representations from egocentric video . specifically , we enforce that ou ←
→ mass volume curves and anomaly ranking ; this paper aims at formulating the issue of ranking multivariate unlabeled observations depending on their degree of abnormality as an unsupervised statistical learning task . in the 1 - d situation , this problem is usually tackled by means of tail estimation techniques : univariate observations are viewed as all the more ' abnormal ' as they are located far in the tail ( s ) of the underlying probability distribution . it would be desirable as well to dispose of a scalar valu ←
→ clustering with a reject option : interactive clustering as bayesian prior elicitation ; a good clustering can help a data analyst to explore and understand a data set , but what constitutes a good clustering may depend on domain - specific and application - specific criteria . these criteria can be difficult to formalize , even when it is easy for an analyst to know a good clustering when they see one . we present a new approach to interactive clustering for data exploration called tinder , based on a particularly ←
→ diffusion component analysis : unraveling functional topology in biological networks ; complex biological systems have been successfully modeled by biochemical and genetic interaction networks , typically gathered from high - throughput ( htp ) data . these networks can be used to infer functional relationships between genes or proteins . using the intuition that the topological role of a gene in a network relates to its biological function , local or diffusion based " guilt - by - association " and graph - theoretic meth ←
→ semi - supervised convolutional neural networks for text categorization via region embedding ; this paper presents a new semi - supervised framework with convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for text categorization . unlike the previous approaches that rely on word embeddings , our method learns embeddings of small text regions from unlabeled data for integration into a supervised cnn . the proposed scheme for embedding learning is based on the idea of two - view semi - supervised learning , which is intended to be u ←
→ the fast downward planning system ; fast downward is a classical planning system based on heuristic search . it can deal with general deterministic planning problems encoded in the propositional fragment of pddl2 . 2 , including advanced features like adl conditions and effects and derived predicates ( axioms ). like other well - known planners such as hsp and ff , fast downward is a progression planner , searching the space of world states of a planning task in the forward direction . however , unlike other pddl plann ←
→ multiple adaptive bayesian linear regression for scalable bayesian optimization with warm start ; bayesian optimization ( bo ) is a model - based approach for gradient - free black - box function optimization . typically , bo is powered by a gaussian process ( gp ), whose algorithmic complexity is cubic in the number of evaluations . hence , gp - based bo cannot leverage large amounts of past or related function evaluations , for example , to warm start the bo procedure . we develop a multiple adaptive bayesian linear regre ←
→ number game ; clarin ( common language resources and technology infrastructure ) is regarded as one of the most important european research infrastructures , offering and promoting a wide array of useful services for ( digital ) research in linguistics and humanities . however , the assessment of the users for its core technical development has been highly limited , therefore , it is unclear if the community is thoroughly aware of the status - quo of the growing infrastructure . in addition , clarin does not seem to be ←
→ near - online multi - target tracking with aggregated local flow descriptor ; in this paper , we focus on the two key aspects of multiple target tracking problem : 1 ) designing an accurate affinity measure to associate detections and 2 ) implementing an efficient and accurate ( near ) online multiple target tracking algorithm . as the first contribution , we introduce a novel aggregated local flow descriptor ( alfd ) that encodes the relative motion pattern between a pair of temporally distant detections using long term ←
→ automated soft tissue lesion detection and segmentation in digital mammography using a u - net deep learning network ; computer - aided detection or decision support systems aim to improve breast cancer screening programs by helping radiologists to evaluate digital mammography ( dm ) exams . commonly such methods proceed in two steps : selection of candidate regions for malignancy , and later classification as either malignant or not . in this study , we present a candidate detection method based on deep learning to ←
→ fully automatic segmentation and objective assessment of atrial scars for longstanding persistent atrial fibrillation patients using late gadolinium - enhanced mri ; purpose : atrial fibrillation ( af ) is the most common cardiac arrhythmia and is correlated with increased morbidity and mortality . it is associated with atrial fibrosis , which may be assessed non - invasively using late gadolinium - enhanced ( lge ) magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) where scar tissue is visualised as a region of signal enhancement . i ←
→ multi - information source optimization ; we consider bayesian optimization of an expensive - to - evaluate black - box objective function , where we also have access to cheaper approximations of the objective . in general , such approximations arise in applications such as reinforcement learning , engineering , and the natural sciences , and are subject to an inherent , unknown bias . this model discrepancy is caused by an inadequate internal model that deviates from reality and can vary over the domain , making the utiliz ←
→ digits that are not : generating new types through deep neural nets ; for an artificial creative agent , an essential driver of the search for novelty is a value function which is often provided by the system designer or users . we argue that an important barrier for progress in creativity research is the inability of these systems to develop their own notion of value for novelty . we propose a notion of knowledge - driven creativity that circumvent the need for an externally imposed value function , allowing the ←
→ optimization under uncertainty using the generalized inverse distribution function ; a framework for robust optimization under uncertainty based on the use of the generalized inverse distribution function ( gidf ), also called quantile function , is here proposed . compared to more classical approaches that rely on the usage of statistical moments as deterministic attributes that define the objectives of the optimization process , the inverse cumulative distribution function allows for the use of all the possi ←
→ distributional term set expansion ; this paper is a short empirical study of the performance of centrality and classification based iterative term set expansion methods for distributional semantic models . iterative term set expansion is an interactive process using distributional semantics models where a user labels terms as belonging to some sought after term set , and a system uses this labeling to supply the user with new , candidate , terms to label , trying to maximize the number of positive examples found ←
→ confounds and consequences in geotagged twitter data ; twitter is often used in quantitative studies that identify geographically - preferred topics , writing styles , and entities . these studies rely on either gps coordinates attached to individual messages , or on the user - supplied location field in each profile . in this paper , we compare these data acquisition techniques and quantify the biases that they introduce ; we also measure their effects on linguistic analysis and text - based geolocation . gps - tagging an ←
→ context - aware prediction of derivational word - forms ; derivational morphology is a fundamental and complex characteristic of language . in this paper we propose the new task of predicting the derivational form of a given base - form lemma that is appropriate for a given context . we present an encoder -- decoder style neural network to produce a derived form character - by - character , based on its corresponding character - level representation of the base form and the context . we demonstrate that our model is able to ←
→ decision - making processes in the cognitive theory of true conditions ; the cognitive theory of true conditions ( cttc ) is a proposal to design the implementation of cognitive abilities and to describe the model - theoretic semantics of symbolic cognitive architectures . the cttc is formulated mathematically using the multi - optional many - sorted past present future ( mmppf ) structures . this article discussed how decision - making processes are described in the cttc .←
→ convex formulations for fair principal component analysis ; though there is a growing body of literature on fairness for supervised learning , the problem of incorporating fairness into unsupervised learning has been less well - studied . this paper studies fairness in the context of principal component analysis ( pca ). we first present a definition of fairness for dimensionality reduction , and our definition can be interpreted as saying that a reduction is fair if information about a protected class ( e . g ., race ←
→ syntax - semantics interaction parsing strategies . inside syntagma ; this paper discusses syntagma , a rule based nlp system addressing the tricky issues of syntactic ambiguity reduction and word sense disambiguation as well as providing innovative and original solutions for constituent generation and constraints management . to provide an insight into how it operates , the system ' s general architecture and components , as well as its lexical , syntactic and semantic resources are described . after that , the paper ←
→ pruned non - local means ; in non - local means ( nlm ), each pixel is denoised by performing a weighted averaging of its neighboring pixels , where the weights are computed using image patches . we demonstrate that the denoising performance of nlm can be improved by pruning the neighboring pixels , namely , by rejecting neighboring pixels whose weights are below a certain threshold $\ lambda $. while pruning can potentially reduce pixel averaging in uniform - intensity regions , we demonstrate that there is generally an ←
→ harnessing the deep net object models for enhancing human action recognition ; in this study , the influence of objects is investigated in the scenario of human action recognition with large number of classes . we hypothesize that the objects the humans are interacting will have good say in determining the action being performed . especially , if the objects are non - moving , such as objects appearing in the background , features such as spatio - temporal interest points , dense trajectories may fail to detect them ←
→ analyzing covert social network foundation behind terrorism disaster ; this paper addresses a method to analyze the covert social network foundation hidden behind the terrorism disaster . it is to solve a node discovery problem , which means to discover a node , which functions relevantly in a social network , but escaped from monitoring on the presence and mutual relationship of nodes . the method aims at integrating the expert investigator ' s prior understanding , insight on the terrorists ' social network nature ←
→ single image super - resolution with dilated convolution based multi - scale information learning inception module ; traditional works have shown that patches in a natural image tend to redundantly recur many times inside the image , both within the same scale , as well as across different scales . make full use of these multi - scale information can improve the image restoration performance . however , the current proposed deep learning based restoration methods do not take the multi - scale information into account .←
→ language modeling with gated convolutional networks ; the pre - dominant approach to language modeling to date is based on recurrent neural networks . their success on this task is often linked to their ability to capture unbounded context . in this paper we develop a finite context approach through stacked convolutions , which can be more efficient since they allow parallelization over sequential tokens . we propose a novel simplified gating mechanism that outperforms oord et al ( 2016 ) and investigate the impact ←
→ modification of question writing style influences content popularity in a social q & a system ; turbotax answerxchange is a social q & a system supporting users working on federal and state tax returns . using 2015 data , we demonstrate that content popularity ( or number of views per answerxchange question ) can be predicted with reasonable accuracy based on attributes of the question alone . we also employ probabilistic topic analysis and uplift modeling to identify question features with the highest impact on p ←
→ generative model selection using a scalable and size - independent complex network classifier ; real networks exhibit nontrivial topological features such as heavy - tailed degree distribution , high clustering , and small - worldness . researchers have developed several generative models for synthesizing artificial networks that are structurally similar to real networks . an important research problem is to identify the generative model that best fits to a target network . in this paper , we investigate this problem ←
→ a comparative study of adaptive crossover operators for genetic algorithms to resolve the traveling salesman problem ; genetic algorithm includes some parameters that should be adjusting so that the algorithm can provide positive results . crossover operators play very important role by constructing competitive genetic algorithms ( gas ). in this paper , the basic conceptual features and specific characteristics of various crossover operators in the context of the traveling salesman problem ( tsp ) are discusse ←
→ assisted dictionary learning for fmri data analysis ; extracting information from functional magnetic resonance ( fmri ) images has been a major area of research for more than two decades . the goal of this work is to present a new method for the analysis of fmri data sets , that is capable to incorporate a priori available information , via an efficient optimization framework . tests on synthetic data sets demonstrate significant performance gains over existing methods of this kind .←
→ binary generative adversarial networks for image retrieval ; the most striking successes in image retrieval using deep hashing have mostly involved discriminative models , which require labels . in this paper , we use binary generative adversarial networks ( bgan ) to embed images to binary codes in an unsupervised way . by restricting the input noise variable of generative adversarial networks ( gan ) to be binary and conditioned on the features of each input image , bgan can simultaneously learn a binary represent ←
→ modeling images using transformed indian buffet processes ; latent feature models are attractive for image modeling , since images generally contain multiple objects . however , many latent feature models ignore that objects can appear at different locations or require pre - segmentation of images . while the transformed indian buffet process ( tibp ) provides a method for modeling transformation - invariant features in unsegmented binary images , its current form is inappropriate for real images because of its comput ←
→ predictive approaches for gaussian process classifier model selection ; in this paper we consider the problem of gaussian process classifier ( gpc ) model selection with different leave - one - out ( loo ) cross validation ( cv ) based optimization criteria and provide a practical algorithm using loo predictive distributions with such criteria to select hyperparameters . apart from the standard average negative logarithm of predictive probability ( nlp ), we also consider smoothed versions of criteria such as f - measure ←
→ query - guided regression network with context policy for phrase grounding ; given a textual description of an image , phrase grounding localizes objects in the image referred by query phrases in the description . state - of - the - art methods address the problem by ranking a set of proposals based on the relevance to each query , which are limited by the performance of independent proposal generation systems and ignore useful cues from context in the description . in this paper , we adopt a spatial regression method t ←
→ multi - task learning of keyphrase boundary classification ; keyphrase boundary classification ( kbc ) is the task of detecting keyphrases in scientific articles and labelling them with respect to predefined types . although important in practice , this task is so far underexplored , partly due to the lack of labelled data . to overcome this , we explore several auxiliary tasks , including semantic super - sense tagging and identification of multi - word expressions , and cast the task as a multi - task learning problem wit ←
→ reliable decision support using counterfactual models ; decision - makers are faced with the challenge of estimating what is likely to happen when they take an action . for instance , if i choose not to treat this patient , are they likely to die ? practitioners commonly use supervised learning algorithms to fit predictive models that help decision - makers reason about likely future outcomes , but we show that this approach is unreliable , and sometimes even dangerous . the key issue is that supervised learning algor ←
→ multiple instance learning : a survey of problem characteristics and applications ; multiple instance learning ( mil ) is a form of weakly supervised learning where training instances are arranged in sets , called bags , and a label is provided for the entire bag . this formulation is gaining interest because it naturally fits various problems and allows to leverage weakly labeled data . consequently , it has been used in diverse application fields such as computer vision and document classification . however , lea ←
→ towards instance optimal bounds for best arm identification ; in the classical best arm identification ( best -$ 1 $- arm ) problem , we are given $ n $ stochastic bandit arms , each associated with a reward distribution with an unknown mean . we would like to identify the arm with the largest mean with probability at least $ 1 -\ delta $, using as few samples as possible . understanding the sample complexity of best -$ 1 $- arm has attracted significant attention since the last decade . however , the exact sample complexity of ←
→ heuristics in conflict resolution ; modern solvers for boolean satisfiability ( sat ) and answer set programming ( asp ) are based on sophisticated boolean constraint solving techniques . in both areas , conflict - driven learning and related techniques constitute key features whose application is enabled by conflict analysis . although various conflict analysis schemes have been proposed , implemented , and studied both theoretically and practically in the sat area , the heuristic aspects involved in conflict analysis ←
→ marginalizing out future passengers in group elevator control ; group elevator scheduling is an np - hard sequential decision - making problem with unbounded state spaces and substantial uncertainty . decision - theoretic reasoning plays a surprisingly limited role in fielded systems . a new opportunity for probabilistic methods has opened with the recent discovery of a tractable solution for the expected waiting times of all passengers in the building , marginalized over all possible passenger itineraries . though c ←
→ a discriminative representation of convolutional features for indoor scene recognition ; indoor scene recognition is a multi - faceted and challenging problem due to the diverse intra - class variations and the confusing inter - class similarities . this paper presents a novel approach which exploits rich mid - level convolutional features to categorize indoor scenes . traditionally used convolutional features preserve the global spatial structure , which is a desirable property for general object recognition . howev ←
→ avoiding the bloat with stochastic grammar - based genetic programming ; the application of genetic programming to the discovery of empirical laws is often impaired by the huge size of the search space , and consequently by the computer resources needed . in many cases , the extreme demand for memory and cpu is due to the massive growth of non - coding segments , the introns . the paper presents a new program evolution framework which combines distribution - based evolution in the pbil spirit , with grammar - based genet ←
→ always lurking : understanding and mitigating bias in online human trafficking detection ; web - based human trafficking activity has increased in recent years but it remains sparsely dispersed among escort advertisements and difficult to identify due to its often - latent nature . the use of intelligent systems to detect trafficking can thus have a direct impact on investigative resource allocation and decision - making , and , more broadly , help curb a widespread social problem . trafficking detection involves ass ←
→ gslam : initialization - robust monocular visual slam via global structure - from - motion ; many monocular visual slam algorithms are derived from incremental structure - from - motion ( sfm ) methods . this work proposes a novel monocular slam method which integrates recent advances made in global sfm . in particular , we present two main contributions to visual slam . first , we solve the visual odometry problem by a novel rank - 1 matrix factorization technique which is more robust to the errors in map initialization . se ←
→ implicit segmentation of kannada characters in offline handwriting recognition using hidden markov models ; we describe a method for classification of handwritten kannada characters using hidden markov models ( hmms ). kannada script is agglutinative , where simple shapes are concatenated horizontally to form a character . this results in a large number of characters making the task of classification difficult . character segmentation plays a significant role in reducing the number of classes . explicit segment ←
→ an entropy search portfolio for bayesian optimization ; bayesian optimization is a sample - efficient method for black - box global optimization . how - ever , the performance of a bayesian optimization method very much depends on its exploration strategy , i . e . the choice of acquisition function , and it is not clear a priori which choice will result in superior performance . while portfolio methods provide an effective , principled way of combining a collection of acquisition functions , they are often based on measu ←
→ text classification with compression algorithms ; this work concerns a comparison of svm kernel methods in text categorization tasks . in particular i define a kernel function that estimates the similarity between two objects computing by their compressed lengths . in fact , compression algorithms can detect arbitrarily long dependencies within the text strings . data text vectorization looses information in feature extractions and is highly sensitive by textual language . furthermore , these methods are language ←
→ fast inference in sparse coding algorithms with applications to object recognition ; adaptive sparse coding methods learn a possibly overcomplete set of basis functions , such that natural image patches can be reconstructed by linearly combining a small subset of these bases . the applicability of these methods to visual object recognition tasks has been limited because of the prohibitive cost of the optimization algorithms required to compute the sparse representation . in this work we propose a simple and ←
→ automatic tuning of interactive perception applications ; interactive applications incorporating high - data rate sensing and computer vision are becoming possible due to novel runtime systems and the use of parallel computation resources . to allow interactive use , such applications require careful tuning of multiple application parameters to meet required fidelity and latency bounds . this is a nontrivial task , often requiring expert knowledge , which becomes intractable as resources and application load chara ←
→ using moeas to outperform stock benchmarks in the presence of typical investment constraints ; portfolio managers are typically constrained by turnover limits , minimum and maximum stock positions , cardinality , a target market capitalization and sometimes the need to hew to a style ( such as growth or value ). in addition , portfolio managers often use multifactor stock models to choose stocks based upon their respective fundamental data . we use multiobjective evolutionary algorithms ( moeas ) to satisfy the ←
→ joint copying and restricted generation for paraphrase ; many natural language generation tasks , such as abstractive summarization and text simplification , are paraphrase - orientated . in these tasks , copying and rewriting are two main writing modes . most previous sequence - to - sequence ( seq2seq ) models use a single decoder and neglect this fact . in this paper , we develop a novel seq2seq model to fuse a copying decoder and a restricted generative decoder . the copying decoder finds the position to be copied base ←
→ machine translation model based on non - parallel corpus and semi - supervised transductive learning ; although the parallel corpus has an irreplaceable role in machine translation , its scale and coverage is still beyond the actual needs . non - parallel corpus resources on the web have an inestimable potential value in machine translation and other natural language processing tasks . this article proposes a semi - supervised transductive learning method for expanding the training corpus in statistical machine tran ←
→ super slomo : high quality estimation of multiple intermediate frames for video interpolation ; given two consecutive frames , video interpolation aims at generating intermediate frame ( s ) to form both spatially and temporally coherent video sequences . while most existing methods focus on single - frame interpolation , we propose an end - to - end convolutional neural network for variable - length multi - frame video interpolation , where the motion interpretation and occlusion reasoning are jointly modeled . we start by ←
→ robust scene text recognition using sparse coding based features ; in this paper , we propose an effective scene text recognition method using sparse coding based features , called histograms of sparse codes ( hsc ) features . for character detection , we use the hsc features instead of using the histograms of oriented gradients ( hog ) features . the hsc features are extracted by computing sparse codes with dictionaries that are learned from data using k - svd , and aggregating per - pixel sparse codes to form local his ←
→ algorithms for batch hierarchical reinforcement learning ; hierarchical reinforcement learning ( hrl ) exploits temporal abstraction to solve large markov decision processes ( mdp ) and provide transferable subtask policies . in this paper , we introduce an off - policy hrl algorithm : hierarchical q - value iteration ( hqi ). we show that it is possible to effectively learn recursive optimal policies for any valid hierarchical decomposition of the original mdp , given a fixed dataset collected from a flat stochastic beh ←
→ freezeout : accelerate training by progressively freezing layers ; the early layers of a deep neural net have the fewest parameters , but take up the most computation . in this extended abstract , we propose to only train the hidden layers for a set portion of the training run , freezing them out one - by - one and excluding them from the backward pass . through experiments on cifar , we empirically demonstrate that freezeout yields savings of up to 20 % wall - clock time during training with 3 % loss in accuracy for dens ←
→ ask me even more : dynamic memory tensor networks ( extended model ) ; we examine memory networks for the task of question answering ( qa ), under common real world scenario where training examples are scarce and under weakly supervised scenario , that is only extrinsic labels are available for training . we propose extensions for the dynamic memory network ( dmn ), specifically within the attention mechanism , we call the resulting neural architecture as dynamic memory tensor network ( dmtn ). ultimately , we see that ←
→ locating 3d object proposals : a depth - based online approach ; 2d object proposals , quickly detected regions in an image that likely contain an object of interest , are an effective approach for improving the computational efficiency and accuracy of object detection in color images . in this work , we propose a novel online method that generates 3d object proposals in a rgb - d video sequence . our main observation is that depth images provide important information about the geometry of the scene . diverging from t ←
→ single - and multi - task architectures for tool presence detection challenge at m2cai 2016 ; the tool presence detection challenge at m2cai 2016 consists of identifying the presence / absence of seven surgical tools in the images of cholecystectomy videos . here , we propose to use deep architectures that are based on our previous work where we presented several architectures to perform multiple recognition tasks on laparoscopic videos . in this technical report , we present the tool presence detection results us ←
→ cascade adversarial machine learning regularized with a unified embedding ; injecting adversarial examples during training , known as adversarial training , can improve robustness against one - step attacks , but not for unknown iterative attacks . to address this challenge , we first show iteratively generated adversarial images easily transfer between networks trained with the same strategy . inspired by this observation , we propose cascade adversarial training , which transfers the knowledge of the end results ←
→ investigating recurrence and eligibility traces in deep q - networks ; eligibility traces in reinforcement learning are used as a bias - variance trade - off and can often speed up training time by propagating knowledge back over time - steps in a single update . we investigate the use of eligibility traces in combination with recurrent networks in the atari domain . we illustrate the benefits of both recurrent nets and eligibility traces in some atari games , and highlight also the importance of the optimization used ←
→ sparse - then - dense alignment based 3d map reconstruction method for endoscopic capsule robots ; since the development of capsule endoscopcy technology , substantial progress were made in converting passive capsule endoscopes to robotic active capsule endoscopes which can be controlled by the doctor . however , robotic capsule endoscopy still has some challenges . in particular , the use of such devices to generate a precise and globally consistent three - dimensional ( 3d ) map of the entire inner organ remains an ←
→ phase transitions of plan modification in conformant planning ; we explore phase transitions of plan modification , which mainly focus on the conformant planning problems . by analyzing features of plan modification in conformant planning problems , quantitative results are obtained . if the number of operators is less than , almost all conformant planning problems can ' t be solved with plan modification . if the number of operators is more than , almost all conformant planning problems can be solved with plan modi ←
→ constant for associative patterns ensemble ; creation procedure of associative patterns ensemble in terms of formal logic with using neural net - work ( nn ) model is formulated . it is shown that the associative patterns set is created by means of unique procedure of nn work which having individual parameters of entrance stimulus transformation . it is ascer - tained that the quantity of the selected associative patterns possesses is a constant .←
→ small moving window calibration models for soft sensing processes with limited history ; five simple soft sensor methodologies with two update conditions were compared on two experimentally - obtained datasets and one simulated dataset . the soft sensors investigated were moving window partial least squares regression ( and a recursive variant ), moving window random forest regression , the mean moving window of $ y $, and a novel random forest partial least squares regression ensemble ( rf - pls ), all of which can ←
→ toward a classification of finite partial - monitoring games ; partial - monitoring games constitute a mathematical framework for sequential decision making problems with imperfect feedback : the learner repeatedly chooses an action , opponent responds with an outcome , and then the learner suffers a loss and receives a feedback signal , both of which are fixed functions of the action and the outcome . the goal of the learner is to minimize his total cumulative loss . we make progress towards the classification of th ←
→ image restoration from patch - based compressed sensing measurement ; a series of methods have been proposed to reconstruct an image from compressively sensed random measurement , but most of them have high time complexity and are inappropriate for patch - based compressed sensing capture , because of their serious blocky artifacts in the restoration results . in this paper , we present a non - iterative image reconstruction method from patch - based compressively sensed random measurement . our method features two casc ←
→ spontaneous symmetry breaking in neural networks ; we propose a framework to understand the unprecedented performance and robustness of deep neural networks using field theory . correlations between the weights within the same layer can be described by symmetries in that layer , and networks generalize better if such symmetries are broken to reduce the redundancies of the weights . using a two parameter field theory , we find that the network can break such symmetries itself towards the end of training in a pro ←
→ twitter100k : a real - world dataset for weakly supervised cross - media retrieval ; this paper contributes a new large - scale dataset for weakly supervised cross - media retrieval , named twitter100k . current datasets , such as wikipedia , nus wide and flickr30k , have two major limitations . first , these datasets are lacking in content diversity , i . e ., only some pre - defined classes are covered . second , texts in these datasets are written in well - organized language , leading to inconsistency with realistic application ←
→ probabilistic neural network with complex exponential activation functions in image recognition using deep learning framework ; if the training dataset is not very large , image recognition is usually implemented with the transfer learning methods . in these methods the features are extracted using a deep convolutional neural network , which was preliminarily trained with an external very - large dataset . in this paper we consider the nonparametric classification of extracted feature vectors with the probabili ←
→ variational autoencoders for feature detection of magnetic resonance imaging data ; independent component analysis ( ica ), as an approach to the blind source - separation ( bss ) problem , has become the de - facto standard in many medical imaging settings . despite successes and a large ongoing research effort , the limitation of ica to square linear transformations have not been overcome , so that general infomax is still far from being realized . as an alternative , we present feature analysis in medical imaging as ←
→ mobility enhancement for elderly ; loss of mobility is a common handicap to senior citizens . it denies them the ease of movement they would like to have like outdoor visits , movement in hospitals , social outgoings , but more seriously in the day to day in - house routine functions necessary for living etc . trying to overcome this handicap by means of servant or domestic help and simple wheel chairs is not only costly in the long run , but forces the senior citizen to be at the mercy of sincerity of domestic hel ←
→ a unified method for first and third person action recognition ; in this paper , a new video classification methodology is proposed which can be applied in both first and third person videos . the main idea behind the proposed strategy is to capture complementary information of appearance and motion efficiently by performing two independent streams on the videos . the first stream is aimed to capture long - term motions from shorter ones by keeping track of how elements in optical flow images have changed over t ←
→ supervised random walks : predicting and recommending links in social networks ; predicting the occurrence of links is a fundamental problem in networks . in the link prediction problem we are given a snapshot of a network and would like to infer which interactions among existing members are likely to occur in the near future or which existing interactions are we missing . although this problem has been extensively studied , the challenge of how to effectively combine the information from the network structur ←
→ on the number of samples needed to learn the correct structure of a bayesian network ; bayesian networks ( bns ) are useful tools giving a natural and compact representation of joint probability distributions . in many applications one needs to learn a bayesian network ( bn ) from data . in this context , it is important to understand the number of samples needed in order to guarantee a successful learning . previous work have studied bns sample complexity , yet it mainly focused on the requirement that the learne ←
→ matterport3d : learning from rgb - d data in indoor environments ; access to large , diverse rgb - d datasets is critical for training rgb - d scene understanding algorithms . however , existing datasets still cover only a limited number of views or a restricted scale of spaces . in this paper , we introduce matterport3d , a large - scale rgb - d dataset containing 10 , 800 panoramic views from 194 , 400 rgb - d images of 90 building - scale scenes . annotations are provided with surface reconstructions , camera poses , and 2d and 3d ←
→ breast cancer detection using multilevel thresholding ; this paper presents an algorithm which aims to assist the radiologist in identifying breast cancer at its earlier stages . it combines several image processing techniques like image negative , thresholding and segmentation techniques for detection of tumor in mammograms . the algorithm is verified by using mammograms from mammographic image analysis society . the results obtained by applying these techniques are described .←
→ semantics and conversations for an agent communication language ; we address the issues of semantics and conversations for agent communication languages and the knowledge query manipulation language ( kqml ) in particular . based on ideas from speech act theory , we present a semantic description for kqml that associates `` cognitive '' states of the agent with the use of the language ' s primitives ( performatives ). we have used this approach to describe the semantics for the whole set of reserved kqml performative ←
→ robust high - dimensional linear regression ; the effectiveness of supervised learning techniques has made them ubiquitous in research and practice . in high - dimensional settings , supervised learning commonly relies on dimensionality reduction to improve performance and identify the most important factors in predicting outcomes . however , the economic importance of learning has made it a natural target for adversarial manipulation of training data , which we term poisoning attacks . prior approaches to dealing wi ←
→ approximation algorithms for bayesian multi - armed bandit problems ; in this paper , we consider several finite - horizon bayesian multi - armed bandit problems with side constraints which are computationally intractable ( np - hard ) and for which no optimal ( or near optimal ) algorithms are known to exist with sub - exponential running time . all of these problems violate the standard exchange property , which assumes that the reward from the play of an arm is not contingent upon when the arm is played . not only are ind ←
→ training wide residual networks for deployment using a single bit for each weight ; for fast and energy - efficient deployment of trained deep neural networks on resource - constrained embedded hardware , each learned weight parameter should ideally be represented and stored using a single bit . error - rates usually increase when this requirement is imposed . here , we report large improvements in error rates on multiple datasets , for deep convolutional neural networks deployed with 1 - bit - per - weight . using wide re ←
→ phonetic based soundex & shapeex algorithm for sindhi spell checker system ; this paper presents a novel combinational phonetic algorithm for sindhi language , to be used in developing sindhi spell checker which has yet not been developed prior to this work . the compound textual forms and glyphs of sindhi language presents a substantial challenge for developing sindhi spell checker system and generating similar suggestion list for misspelled words . in order to implement such a system , phonetic based sindhi ←
→ review on computer vision techniques in emergency situation ; in emergency situations , actions that save lives and limit the impact of hazards are crucial . in order to act , situational awareness is needed to decide what to do . geolocalized photos and video of the situations as they evolve can be crucial in better understanding them and making decisions faster . cameras are almost everywhere these days , either in terms of smartphones , installed cctv cameras , uavs or others . however , this poses challenges in b ←
→ a multilevel thresholding algorithm using electromagnetism optimization ; segmentation is one of the most important tasks in image processing . it consist in classify the pixels into two or more groups depending on their intensity levels and a threshold value . the quality of the segmentation depends on the method applied to select the threshold . the use of the classical implementations for multilevel thresholding is computationally expensive since they exhaustively search the best values to optimize the obje ←
→ neural and statistical methods for leveraging meta - information in machine translation ; in this paper , we discuss different methods which use meta information and richer context that may accompany source language input to improve machine translation quality . we focus on category information of input text as meta information , but the proposed methods can be extended to all textual and non - textual meta information that might be available for the input text or automatically predicted using the text content . ←
→ image restoration using joint statistical modeling in space - transform domain ; this paper presents a novel strategy for high - fidelity image restoration by characterizing both local smoothness and nonlocal self - similarity of natural images in a unified statistical manner . the main contributions are three - folds . first , from the perspective of image statistics , a joint statistical modeling ( jsm ) in an adaptive hybrid space - transform domain is established , which offers a powerful mechanism of combining local ←
→ introspective agents : confidence measures for general value functions ; agents of general intelligence deployed in real - world scenarios must adapt to ever - changing environmental conditions . while such adaptive agents may leverage engineered knowledge , they will require the capacity to construct and evaluate knowledge themselves from their own experience in a bottom - up , constructivist fashion . this position paper builds on the idea of encoding knowledge as temporally extended predictions through the use of g ←
→ nisp : pruning networks using neuron importance score propagation ; to reduce the significant redundancy in deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), most existing methods prune neurons by only considering statistics of an individual layer or two consecutive layers ( e . g ., prune one layer to minimize the reconstruction error of the next layer ), ignoring the effect of error propagation in deep networks . in contrast , we argue that it is essential to prune neurons in the entire neuron network jointly based on a ←
→ cuni system for wmt16 automatic post - editing and multimodal translation tasks ; neural sequence to sequence learning recently became a very promising paradigm in machine translation , achieving competitive results with statistical phrase - based systems . in this system description paper , we attempt to utilize several recently published methods used for neural sequential learning in order to build systems for wmt 2016 shared tasks of automatic post - editing and multimodal machine translation .←
→ multi - label learning with label enhancement ; multi - label learning deals with training instances associated with multiple labels . many common multi - label algorithms are to treat each label in a crisp manner , being either relevant or irrelevant to an instance , and such label can be called logical label . in contrast , we assume that there is a vector of numerical label behind each multi - label instance , and the numerical label can be treated as the indicator to judge whether the corresponding label is relevant ←
→ marc : memory by association and reinforcement of contexts ; this paper introduces the memory by association and reinforcement of contexts ( marc ). marc is a novel data modeling technology rooted in the second quantization formulation of quantum mechanics . it is an all - purpose incremental and unsupervised data storage and retrieval system which can be applied to all types of signal or data , structured or unstructured , textual or not . marc can be applied to a wide range of information clas - sification and retri ←
→ on - device scalable image - based localization ; we present the scalable design of an entire on - device system for large - scale urban localization . the proposed design integrates compact image retrieval and 2d - 3d correspondence search to estimate the camera pose in a city region of extensive coverage . our design is gps agnostic and does not require the network connection . the system explores the use of an abundant dataset : google street view ( gsv ). in order to overcome the resource constraints of mobile devices ,←
→ agent models of political interactions ; looks at state interactions from an agent based ai perspective to see state interactions as an example of emergent intelligent behavior . exposes basic principles of game theory .←
→ characterizing quantifier fuzzification mechanisms : a behavioral guide for practical applications ; important advances have been made in the fuzzy quantification field . nevertheless , some problems remain when we face the decision of selecting the most convenient model for a specific application . in the literature , several desirable adequacy properties have been proposed , but theoretical limits impede quantification models from simultaneously fulfilling every adequacy property that has been defined . beside ←
→ extraction of skin lesions from non - dermoscopic images using deep learning ; melanoma is amongst most aggressive types of cancer . however , it is highly curable if detected in its early stages . prescreening of suspicious moles and lesions for malignancy is of great importance . detection can be done by images captured by standard cameras , which are more preferable due to low cost and availability . one important step in computerized evaluation of skin lesions is accurate detection of lesion region , i . e . segm ←
→ an adaptive parameter estimation for guided filter based image deconvolution ; image deconvolution is still to be a challenging ill - posed problem for recovering a clear image from a given blurry image , when the point spread function is known . although competitive deconvolution methods are numerically impressive and approach theoretical limits , they are becoming more complex , making analysis , and implementation difficult . furthermore , accurate estimation of the regularization parameter is not easy for succ ←
→ perceptual generative adversarial networks for small object detection ; detecting small objects is notoriously challenging due to their low resolution and noisy representation . existing object detection pipelines usually detect small objects through learning representations of all the objects at multiple scales . however , the performance gain of such ad hoc architectures is usually limited to pay off the computational cost . in this work , we address the small object detection problem by developing a single ar ←
→ fractional local neighborhood intensity pattern for image retrieval using genetic algorithm ; in this paper , a new texture descriptor named " fractional local neighborhood intensity pattern " ( flnip ) has been proposed for content based image retrieval ( cbir ). it is an extension of the local neighborhood intensity pattern ( lnip )[ 1 ]. flnip calculates the relative intensity difference between a particular pixel and the center pixel of a 3x3 window by considering the relationship with adjacent neighbors . in thi ←
→ classifying online dating profiles on tinder using facenet facial embeddings ; a method to produce personalized classification models to automatically review online dating profiles on tinder is proposed , based on the user ' s historical preference . the method takes advantage of a facenet facial classification model to extract features which may be related to facial attractiveness . the embeddings from a facenet model were used as the features to describe an individual ' s face . a user reviewed 8 , 545 online dat ←
→ large - scale supervised hierarchical feature learning for face recognition ; this paper proposes a novel face recognition algorithm based on large - scale supervised hierarchical feature learning . the approach consists of two parts : hierarchical feature learning and large - scale model learning . the hierarchical feature learning searches feature in three levels of granularity in a supervised way . first , face images are modeled by receptive field theory , and the representation is an image with many channels of ←
→ japanese sentiment classification using a tree - structured long short - term memory with attention ; previous approaches to training syntax - based sentiment classification models required phrase - level annotated corpora , which are not readily available in many languages other than english . thus , we propose the use of tree - structured long short - term memory with an attention mechanism that pays attention to each subtree of the parse tree . experimental results indicate that our model achieves the state - of - the - art ←
→ deep transfer learning : a new deep learning glitch classification method for advanced ligo ; the exquisite sensitivity of the advanced ligo detectors has enabled the detection of multiple gravitational wave signals . the sophisticated design of these detectors mitigates the effect of most types of noise . however , advanced ligo data streams are contaminated by numerous artifacts known as glitches : non - gaussian noise transients with complex morphologies . given their high rate of occurrence , glitches can lead ←
→ application of a fuzzy programming technique to production planning in the textile industry ; many engineering optimization problems can be considered as linear programming problems where all or some of the parameters involved are linguistic in nature . these can only be quantified using fuzzy sets . the aim of this paper is to solve a fuzzy linear programming problem in which the parameters involved are fuzzy quantities with logistic membership functions . to explore the applicability of the method a numeri ←
→ an unsupervised long short - term memory neural network for event detection in cell videos ; we propose an automatic unsupervised cell event detection and classification method , which expands convolutional long short - term memory ( lstm ) neural networks , for cellular events in cell video sequences . cells in images that are captured from various biomedical applications usually have different shapes and motility , which pose difficulties for the automated event detection in cell videos . current methods to detect ←
→ mimicry is presidential : linguistic style matching in presidential debates and improved polling numbers ; the current research used the contexts of u . s . presidential debates and negotiations to examine whether matching the linguistic style of an opponent in a two - party exchange affects the reactions of third - party observers . building off communication accommodation theory ( cat ), interaction alignment theory ( iat ), and processing fluency , we propose that language style matching ( lsm ) will improve subsequen ←
→ l1 - norm error function robustness and outlier regularization ; in many real - world applications , data come with corruptions , large errors or outliers . one popular approach is to use l1 - norm function . however , the robustness of l1 - norm function is not well understood so far . in this paper , we present a new outlier regularization framework to understand and analyze the robustness of l1 - norm function . there are two main features for the proposed outlier regularization . ( 1 ) a key property of outlier regularizati ←
→ an optimal online method of selecting source policies for reinforcement learning ; transfer learning significantly accelerates the reinforcement learning process by exploiting relevant knowledge from previous experiences . the problem of optimally selecting source policies during the learning process is of great importance yet challenging . there has been little theoretical analysis of this problem . in this paper , we develop an optimal online method to select source policies for reinforcement learning . this ←
→ a type - theoretical approach to universal grammar ; the idea of universal grammar ( ug ) as the hypothetical linguistic structure shared by all human languages harkens back at least to the 13th century . the best known modern elaborations of the idea are due to chomsky . following a devastating critique from theoretical , typological and field linguistics , these elaborations , the idea of ug itself and the more general idea of language universals stand untenable and are largely abandoned . the proposal tackles the ←
→ srl4orl : improving opinion role labelling using multi - task learning with semantic role labeling ; for over 12 years , machine learning is used to extract opinion - holder - target structures from text to answer the question : who expressed what kind of sentiment towards what ?. however , recent neural approaches do not outperform the state - of - the - art feature - based model for opinion role labelling ( orl ). we suspect this is due to the scarcity of labelled training data and address this issue using different multi - t ←
→ polyploidy and discontinuous heredity effect on evolutionary multi - objective optimization ; this paper examines the effect of mimicking discontinuous heredity caused by carrying more than one chromosome in some living organisms cells in evolutionary multi - objective optimization algorithms . in this representation , the phenotype may not fully reflect the genotype . by doing so we are mimicking living organisms inheritance mechanism , where traits may be silently carried for many generations to reappear later .←
→ deep grabcut for object selection ; most previous bounding - box - based segmentation methods assume the bounding box tightly covers the object of interest . however it is common that a rectangle input could be too large or too small . in this paper , we propose a novel segmentation approach that uses a rectangle as a soft constraint by transforming it into an euclidean distance map . a convolutional encoder - decoder network is trained end - to - end by concatenating images with these distance maps as inputs and predict ←
→ what does attention in neural machine translation pay attention to ? ; attention in neural machine translation provides the possibility to encode relevant parts of the source sentence at each translation step . as a result , attention is considered to be an alignment model as well . however , there is no work that specifically studies attention and provides analysis of what is being learned by attention models . thus , the question still remains that how attention is similar or different from the traditional align ←
→ salient objects in clutter : bringing salient object detection to the foreground ; in this paper , we provide a comprehensive evaluation of salient object detection ( sod ) models . our analysis identifies a serious design bias of existing sod datasets which assumes that each image contains at least one clearly outstanding salient object in low clutter . this is an unrealistic assumption . the design bias has led to a saturated high performance for state of the art sod models when evaluated on existing datasets .←
→ revisiting the poverty of the stimulus : hierarchical generalization without a hierarchical bias in recurrent neural networks ; syntactic rules in human language usually refer to the hierarchical structure of sentences . however , the input during language acquisition can often be explained equally well with rules based on linear order . the fact that children consistently ignore these linear explanations to instead settle on hierarchical explanations has been used to argue for an innate hierarchical bias in ←
→ improving the neural gpu architecture for algorithm learning ; algorithm learning is a core problem in artificial intelligence with significant implications on automation level that can be achieved by machines . recently deep learning methods are emerging for synthesizing an algorithm from its input - output examples , the most successful being the neural gpu , capable of learning multiplication . we present several improvements to the neural gpu that substantially reduces training time and improves generalizatio ←
→ first result on arabic neural machine translation ; neural machine translation has become a major alternative to widely used phrase - based statistical machine translation . we notice however that much of research on neural machine translation has focused on european languages despite its language agnostic nature . in this paper , we apply neural machine translation to the task of arabic translation ( ar <-> en ) and compare it against a standard phrase - based translation system . we run extensive comparison using var ←
→ deeply coupled auto - encoder networks for cross - view classification ; the comparison of heterogeneous samples extensively exists in many applications , especially in the task of image classification . in this paper , we propose a simple but effective coupled neural network , called deeply coupled autoencoder networks ( dcan ), which seeks to build two deep neural networks , coupled with each other in every corresponding layers . in dcan , each deep structure is developed via stacking multiple discriminative coupled a ←
→ is spoken language all - or - nothing ? implications for future speech - based human - machine interaction ; recent years have seen significant market penetration for voice - based personal assistants such as apple ' s siri . however , despite this success , user take - up is frustratingly low . this position paper argues that there is a habitability gap caused by the inevitable mismatch between the capabilities and expectations of human users and the features and benefits provided by contemporary technology . suggestions ar ←
→ qcri machine translation systems for iwslt 16 ; this paper describes qcri ' s machine translation systems for the iwslt 2016 evaluation campaign . we participated in the arabic -> english and english -> arabic tracks . we built both phrase - based and neural machine translation models , in an effort to probe whether the newly emerged nmt framework surpasses the traditional phrase - based systems in arabic - english language pairs . we trained a very strong phrase - based system including , a big language model , the operation ←
→ learning personalized optimal control for repeatedly operated systems ; we consider the problem of online learning of optimal control for repeatedly operated systems in the presence of parametric uncertainty . during each round of operation , environment selects system parameters according to a fixed but unknown probability distribution . these parameters govern the dynamics of a plant . an agent chooses a control input to the plant and is then revealed the cost of the choice . in this setting , we design an agen ←
→ automatic inference of the quantile parameter ; supervised learning is an active research area , with numerous applications in diverse fields such as data analytics , computer vision , speech and audio processing , and image understanding . in most cases , the loss functions used in machine learning assume symmetric noise models , and seek to estimate the unknown function parameters . however , loss functions such as quantile and quantile huber generalize the symmetric $\ ell_1 $ and huber losses to the asymmetric set ←
→ a hypergraph - partitioned vertex programming approach for large - scale consensus optimization ; in modern data science problems , techniques for extracting value from big data require performing large - scale optimization over heterogenous , irregularly structured data . much of this data is best represented as multi - relational graphs , making vertex programming abstractions such as those of pregel and graphlab ideal fits for modern large - scale data analysis . in this paper , we describe a vertex - programming implem ←
→ review - level sentiment classification with sentence - level polarity correction ; we propose an effective technique to solving review - level sentiment classification problem by using sentence - level polarity correction . our polarity correction technique takes into account the consistency of the polarities ( positive and negative ) of sentences within each product review before performing the actual machine learning task . while sentences with inconsistent polarities are removed , sentences with consistent polarit ←
→ thumbs up or thumbs down ? semantic orientation applied to unsupervised classification of reviews ; this paper presents a simple unsupervised learning algorithm for classifying reviews as recommended ( thumbs up ) or not recommended ( thumbs down ). the classification of a review is predicted by the average semantic orientation of the phrases in the review that contain adjectives or adverbs . a phrase has a positive semantic orientation when it has good associations ( e . g ., " subtle nuances ") and a negative seman ←
→ japanese probabilistic information retrieval using location and category information ; robertson ' s 2 - poisson information retrieve model does not use location and category information . we constructed a framework using location and category information in a 2 - poisson model . we submitted two systems based on this framework to the irex contest , japanese language information retrieval contest held in japan in 1999 . for precision in the a - judgement measure they scored 0 . 4926 and 0 . 4827 , the highest values among ←
→ proceedings of the twenty - seventh conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 2011 ) ; this is the proceedings of the twenty - seventh conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in barcelona , spain , july 14 - 17 2011 .←
→ an information - theoretic analysis of thompson sampling ; we provide an information - theoretic analysis of thompson sampling that applies across a broad range of online optimization problems in which a decision - maker must learn from partial feedback . this analysis inherits the simplicity and elegance of information theory and leads to regret bounds that scale with the entropy of the optimal - action distribution . this strengthens preexisting results and yields new insight into how information improves performan ←
→ supervised hashing based on energy minimization ; recently , supervised hashing methods have attracted much attention since they can optimize retrieval speed and storage cost while preserving semantic information . because hashing codes learning is np - hard , many methods resort to some form of relaxation technique . but the performance of these methods can easily deteriorate due to the relaxation . luckily , many supervised hashing formulations can be viewed as energy functions , hence solving hashing codes is equ ←
→ long - range motion trajectories extraction of articulated human using mesh evolution ; this letter presents a novel approach to extract reliable dense and long - range motion trajectories of articulated human in a video sequence . compared with existing approaches that emphasize temporal consistency of each tracked point , we also consider the spatial structure of tracked points on the articulated human . we treat points as a set of vertices , and build a triangle mesh to join them in image space . the problem of ←
→ semisupervised autoencoder for sentiment analysis ; in this paper , we investigate the usage of autoencoders in modeling textual data . traditional autoencoders suffer from at least two aspects : scalability with the high dimensionality of vocabulary size and dealing with task - irrelevant words . we address this problem by introducing supervision via the loss function of autoencoders . in particular , we first train a linear classifier on the labeled data , then define a loss for the autoencoder with the weights le ←
→ pattern matching and discourse processing in information extraction from japanese text ; information extraction is the task of automatically picking up information of interest from an unconstrained text . information of interest is usually extracted in two steps . first , sentence level processing locates relevant pieces of information scattered throughout the text ; second , discourse processing merges coreferential information to generate the output . in the first step , pieces of information are locally ident ←
→ complete end - to - end low cost solution to a 3d scanning system with integrated turntable ; 3d reconstruction is a technique used in computer vision which has a wide range of applications in areas like object recognition , city modelling , virtual reality , physical simulations , video games and special effects . previously , to perform a 3d reconstruction , specialized hardwares were required . such systems were often very expensive and was only available for industrial or research purpose . with the rise of the av ←
→ unconstrained face verification using deep cnn features ; in this paper , we present an algorithm for unconstrained face verification based on deep convolutional features and evaluate it on the newly released iarpa janus benchmark a ( ijb - a ) dataset . the ijb - a dataset includes real - world unconstrained faces from 500 subjects with full pose and illumination variations which are much harder than the traditional labeled face in the wild ( lfw ) and youtube face ( ytf ) datasets . the deep convolutional neural network ←
→ exploring linear relationship in feature map subspace for convnets compression ; while the research on convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) is progressing quickly , the real - world deployment of these models is often limited by computing resources and memory constraints . in this paper , we address this issue by proposing a novel filter pruning method to compress and accelerate cnns . our work is based on the linear relationship identified in different feature map subspaces via visualization of feature maps . s ←
→ generating sentence planning variations for story telling ; there has been a recent explosion in applications for dialogue interaction ranging from direction - giving and tourist information to interactive story systems . yet the natural language generation ( nlg ) component for many of these systems remains largely handcrafted . this limitation greatly restricts the range of applications ; it also means that it is impossible to take advantage of recent work in expressive and statistical language generation that c ←
→ efficient minimax signal detection on graphs ; several problems such as network intrusion , community detection , and disease outbreak can be described by observations attributed to nodes or edges of a graph . in these applications presence of intrusion , community or disease outbreak is characterized by novel observations on some unknown connected subgraph . these problems can be formulated in terms of optimization of suitable objectives on connected subgraphs , a problem which is generally computationally diffi ←
→ stochastic backward euler : an implicit gradient descent algorithm for $ k $- means clustering ; in this paper , we propose an implicit gradient descent algorithm for the classic $ k $- means problem . the implicit gradient step or backward euler is solved via stochastic fixed - point iteration , in which we randomly sample a mini - batch gradient in every iteration . it is the average of the fixed - point trajectory that is carried over to the next gradient step . we draw connections between the proposed stochastic backwa ←
→ input warping for bayesian optimization of non - stationary functions ; bayesian optimization has proven to be a highly effective methodology for the global optimization of unknown , expensive and multimodal functions . the ability to accurately model distributions over functions is critical to the effectiveness of bayesian optimization . although gaussian processes provide a flexible prior over functions which can be queried efficiently , there are various classes of functions that remain difficult to model . one ←
→ off - policy actor - critic ; this paper presents the first actor - critic algorithm for off - policy reinforcement learning . our algorithm is online and incremental , and its per - time - step complexity scales linearly with the number of learned weights . previous work on actor - critic algorithms is limited to the on - policy setting and does not take advantage of the recent advances in off - policy gradient temporal - difference learning . off - policy techniques , such as greedy - gq , enable a target policy to be learned while fo ←
→ joint denoising / compression of image contours via shape prior and context tree ; with the advent of depth sensing technologies , the extraction of object contours in images --- a common and important pre - processing step for later higher - level computer vision tasks like object detection and human action recognition --- has become easier . however , acquisition noise in captured depth images means that detected contours suffer from unavoidable errors . in this paper , we propose to jointly denoise and compress det ←
→ the complexity of reasoning about spatial congruence ; in the recent literature of artificial intelligence , an intensive research effort has been spent , for various algebras of qualitative relations used in the representation of temporal and spatial knowledge , on the problem of classifying the computational complexity of reasoning problems for subsets of algebras . the main purpose of these researches is to describe a restricted set of maximal tractable subalgebras , ideally in an exhaustive fashion with resp ←
→ rrv : a spatiotemporal descriptor for rigid body motion recognition ; motion behaviors of a rigid body can be characterized by a 6 - dimensional motion trajectory , which contains position vectors of a reference point on the rigid body and rotations of this rigid body over time . this paper devises a rotation and relative velocity ( rrv ) descriptor by exploring the local translational and rotational invariants of motion trajectories of rigid bodies , which is insensitive to noise , invariant to rigid transformation ←
→ the optimization of running queries in relational databases using ant - colony algorithm ; the issue of optimizing queries is a cost - sensitive process and with respect to the number of associated tables in a query , its number of permutations grows exponentially . on one hand , in comparison with other operators in relational database , join operator is the most difficult and complicated one in terms of optimization for reducing its runtime . accordingly , various algorithms have so far been proposed to solve thi ←
→ the application of a perceptron model to classify an individual ' s response to a proposed loading dose regimen of warfarin ; the dose regimen of warfarin is separated into two phases . firstly a loading dose is given , which is designed to bring the international normalisation ratio ( inr ) to within therapeutic range . then a stable maintenance dose is given to maintain the inr within therapeutic range . in the united kingdom ( uk ) the loading dose is usually given as three individual daily doses , the standard l ←
→ a sensitivity analysis of ( and practitioners ' guide to ) convolutional neural networks for sentence classification ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have recently achieved remarkably strong performance on the practically important task of sentence classification ( kim 2014 , kalchbrenner 2014 , johnson 2014 ). however , these models require practitioners to specify an exact model architecture and set accompanying hyperparameters , including the filter region size , regularization parameters , and so on . it is ←
→ an indirect genetic algorithm for a nurse scheduling problem ; this paper describes a genetic algorithms approach to a manpower - scheduling problem arising at a major uk hospital . although genetic algorithms have been successfully used for similar problems in the past , they always had to overcome the limitations of the classical genetic algorithms paradigm in handling the conflict between objectives and constraints . the approach taken here is to use an indirect coding based on permutations of the nurses , and ←
→ scale selection of adaptive kernel regression by joint saliency map for nonrigid image registration ; joint saliency map ( jsm ) [ 1 ] was developed to assign high joint saliency values to the corresponding saliency structures ( called joint saliency structures , jsss ) but zero or low joint saliency values to the outliers ( or mismatches ) that are introduced by missing correspondence or local large deformations between the reference and moving images to be registered . jsm guides the local structure matching in n ←
→ classification driven dynamic image enhancement ; convolutional neural networks rely on image texture and structure to serve as discriminative features to classify the image content . image enhancement techniques can be used as preprocessing steps to help improve the overall image quality and in turn improve the overall effectiveness of a cnn . existing image enhancement methods , however , are designed to improve the perceptual quality of an image for a human observer . in this paper , we are interested in learn ←
→ compressed sensing using generative models ; the goal of compressed sensing is to estimate a vector from an underdetermined system of noisy linear measurements , by making use of prior knowledge on the structure of vectors in the relevant domain . for almost all results in this literature , the structure is represented by sparsity in a well - chosen basis . we show how to achieve guarantees similar to standard compressed sensing but without employing sparsity at all . instead , we suppose that vectors lie near the ←
→ qualitative shape representation based on the qualitative relative direction and distance calculus eopram ; this document serves as a brief technical report , detailing the processes used to represent and reconstruct simplified polygons using qualitative spatial descriptions , as defined by the eopram qualitative spatial calculus .←
→ substructure discovery using minimum description length and background knowledge ; the ability to identify interesting and repetitive substructures is an essential component to discovering knowledge in structural data . we describe a new version of our subdue substructure discovery system based on the minimum description length principle . the subdue system discovers substructures that compress the original data and represent structural concepts in the data . by replacing previously - discovered substructures ←
→ shift aggregate extract networks ; we introduce an architecture based on deep hierarchical decompositions to learn effective representations of large graphs . our framework extends classic r - decompositions used in kernel methods , enabling nested " part - of - part " relations . unlike recursive neural networks , which unroll a template on input graphs directly , we unroll a neural network template over the decomposition hierarchy , allowing us to deal with the high degree variability that typically characterize social ←
→ optimal threshold design for quanta image sensor ; quanta image sensor ( qis ) is a binary imaging device envisioned to be the next generation image sensor after ccd and cmos . equipped with a massive number of single photon detectors , the sensor has a threshold $ q $ above which the number of arriving photons will trigger a binary response " 1 ", or " 0 " otherwise . existing methods in the device literature typically assume that $ q = 1 $ uniformly . we argue that a spatially varying threshold can significantly improve ←
→ composition by conversation ; most musical programming languages are developed purely for coding virtual instruments or algorithmic compositions . although there has been some work in the domain of musical query languages for music information retrieval , there has been little attempt to unify the principles of musical programming and query languages with cognitive and natural language processing models that would facilitate the activity of composition by conversation . we present a prototype framework , called ←
→ herding the crowd : automated planning for crowdsourced planning ; there has been significant interest in crowdsourcing and human computation . one subclass of human computation applications are those directed at tasks that involve planning ( e . g . travel planning ) and scheduling ( e . g . conference scheduling ). much of this work appears outside the traditional automated planning forums , and at the outset it is not clear whether automated planning has much of a role to play in these human computation systems . inte ←
→ learning from humans as an i - pomdp ; the interactive partially observable markov decision process ( i - pomdp ) is a recently developed framework which extends the pomdp to the multi - agent setting by including agent models in the state space . this paper argues for formulating the problem of an agent learning interactively from a human teacher as an i - pomdp , where the agent \ emph { programming } to be learned is captured by random variables in the agent ' s state space , all \ emph { signals } from the human teacher are t ←
→ unsupervised prototype learning in an associative - memory network ; unsupervised learning in a generalized hopfield associative - memory network is investigated in this work . first , we prove that the ( generalized ) hopfield model is equivalent to a semi - restricted boltzmann machine with a layer of visible neurons and another layer of hidden binary neurons , so it could serve as the building block for a multilayered deep - learning system . we then demonstrate that the hopfield network can learn to form a faithful i ←
→ an efficient color face verification based on 2 - directional 2 - dimensional feature extraction ; a novel and uniform framework for face verification is presented in this paper . first of all , a 2 - directional 2 - dimensional feature extraction method is adopted to extract client - specific template - 2d discrimant projection matrix . then the face skin color information is utilized as an additive feature to enhance decision making strategy that makes use of not only 2d grey feature but also 2d skin color feature . ←
→ structured prediction cascades ; structured prediction tasks pose a fundamental trade - off between the need for model complexity to increase predictive power and the limited computational resources for inference in the exponentially - sized output spaces such models require . we formulate and develop the structured prediction cascade architecture : a sequence of increasingly complex models that progressively filter the space of possible outputs . the key principle of our approach is that each model in the cascade ←
→ gaussian process regression as a predictive model for quality - of - service in web service systems ; in this paper , we present the gaussian process regression as the predictive model for quality - of - service ( qos ) attributes in web service systems . the goal is to predict performance of the execution system expressed as qos attributes given existing execution system , service repository , and inputs , e . g ., streams of requests . in order to evaluate the performance of gaussian process regression the simulation envi ←
→ distributed evolutionary k - way node separators ; computing high quality node separators in large graphs is necessary for a variety of applications , ranging from divide - and - conquer algorithms to vlsi design . in this work , we present a novel distributed evolutionary algorithm tackling the k - way node separator problem . a key component of our contribution includes new k - way local search algorithms based on maximum flows . we combine our local search with a multilevel approach to compute an initial population for ←
→ recognizing static signs from the brazilian sign language : comparing large - margin decision directed acyclic graphs , voting support vector machines and artificial neural networks ; in this paper , we explore and detail our experiments in a high - dimensionality , multi - class image classification problem often found in the automatic recognition of sign languages . here , our efforts are directed towards comparing the characteristics , advantages and drawbacks of creating and training support vector machines disp ←
→ bioinspired visual motion estimation ; visual motion estimation is a computationally intensive , but important task for sighted animals . replicating the robustness and efficiency of biological visual motion estimation in artificial systems would significantly enhance the capabilities of future robotic agents . 25 years ago , in this very journal , carver mead outlined his argument for replicating biological processing in silicon circuits . his vision served as the foundation for the field of neuromorphic enginee ←
→ mid - level elements for object detection ; building on the success of recent discriminative mid - level elements , we propose a surprisingly simple approach for object detection which performs comparable to the current state - of - the - art approaches on pascal voc comp - 3 detection challenge ( no external data ). through extensive experiments and ablation analysis , we show how our approach effectively improves upon the hog - based pipelines by adding an intermediate mid - level representation for the task of object detect ←
→ model selection for anomaly detection ; anomaly detection based on one - class classification algorithms is broadly used in many applied domains like image processing ( e . g . detection of whether a patient is " cancerous " or " healthy " from mammography image ), network intrusion detection , etc . performance of an anomaly detection algorithm crucially depends on a kernel , used to measure similarity in a feature space . the standard approaches ( e . g . cross - validation ) for kernel selection , used in two - class classificat ←
→ latent tree language model ; in this paper we introduce latent tree language model ( ltlm ), a novel approach to language modeling that encodes syntax and semantics of a given sentence as a tree of word roles . the learning phase iteratively updates the trees by moving nodes according to gibbs sampling . we introduce two algorithms to infer a tree for a given sentence . the first one is based on gibbs sampling . it is fast , but does not guarantee to find the most probable tree . the second one is based on dynami ←
→ skepxels : spatio - temporal image representation of human skeleton joints for action recognition ; human skeleton joints are popular for action analysis since they can be easily extracted from videos to discard background noises . however , current skeleton representations do not fully benefit from machine learning with cnns . we propose " skepxels " a spatio - temporal representation for skeleton sequences to fully exploit the " local " correlations between joints using the 2d convolution kernels of cnn . we transfo ←
→ semantic segmentation with boundary neural fields ; the state - of - the - art in semantic segmentation is currently represented by fully convolutional networks ( fcns ). however , fcns use large receptive fields and many pooling layers , both of which cause blurring and low spatial resolution in the deep layers . as a result fcns tend to produce segmentations that are poorly localized around object boundaries . prior work has attempted to address this issue in post - processing steps , for example using a color - based crf ←
→ linear convergence of gradient and proximal - gradient methods under the polyak - łojasiewicz condition ; in 1963 , polyak proposed a simple condition that is sufficient to show a global linear convergence rate for gradient descent . this condition is a special case of the \ l {} ojasiewicz inequality proposed in the same year , and it does not require strong convexity ( or even convexity ). in this work , we show that this much - older polyak -\ l {} ojasiewicz ( pl ) inequality is actually weaker than the main conditions th ←
→ tf . learn : tensorflow ' s high - level module for distributed machine learning ; tf . learn is a high - level python module for distributed machine learning inside tensorflow . it provides an easy - to - use scikit - learn style interface to simplify the process of creating , configuring , training , evaluating , and experimenting a machine learning model . tf . learn integrates a wide range of state - of - art machine learning algorithms built on top of tensorflow ' s low level apis for small to large - scale supervised and unsupervis ←
→ minutiae based thermal human face recognition using label connected component algorithm ; in this paper , a thermal infra red face recognition system for human identification and verification using blood perfusion data and back propagation feed forward neural network is proposed . the system consists of three steps . at the very first step face region is cropped from the colour 24 - bit input images . secondly face features are extracted from the croped region , which will be taken as the input of the back propa ←
→ eye - movement behavior identification for ad diagnosis ; in the present work , we develop a deep - learning approach for differentiating the eye - movement behavior of people with neurodegenerative diseases over healthy control subjects during reading well - defined sentences . we define an information compaction of the eye - tracking data of subjects without and with probable alzheimer ' s disease when reading a set of well - defined , previously validated , sentences including high -, low - predictable sentences , and proverb ←
→ a theory of local matching : sift and beyond ; why has sift been so successful ? why its extension , dsp - sift , can further improve sift ? is there a theory that can explain both ? how can such theory benefit real applications ? can it suggest new algorithms with reduced computational complexity or new descriptors with better accuracy for matching ? we construct a general theory of local descriptors for visual matching . our theory relies on concepts in energy minimization and heat diffusion . we show that sift and d ←
→ models and strategies for variants of the job shop scheduling problem ; recently , a variety of constraint programming and boolean satisfiability approaches to scheduling problems have been introduced . they have in common the use of relatively simple propagation mechanisms and an adaptive way to focus on the most constrained part of the problem . in some cases , these methods compare favorably to more classical constraint programming methods relying on propagation algorithms for global unary or cumulative reso ←
→ remarks on kernel bayes ' rule ; kernel bayes ' rule has been proposed as a nonparametric kernel - based method to realize bayesian inference in reproducing kernel hilbert spaces . however , we demonstrate both theoretically and experimentally that the prediction result by kernel bayes ' rule is in some cases unnatural . we consider that this phenomenon is in part due to the fact that the assumptions in kernel bayes ' rule do not hold in general .←
→ constitutional precedent of amicus briefs ; we investigate shared language between u . s . supreme court majority opinions and interest groups ' corresponding amicus briefs . specifically , we evaluate whether language that originated in an amicus brief acquired legal precedent status by being cited in the court ' s opinion . using plagiarism detection software , automated querying of a large legal database , and manual analysis , we establish seven instances where interest group amici were able to formulate constituti ←
→ combining recurrent and convolutional neural networks for relation classification ; this paper investigates two different neural architectures for the task of relation classification : convolutional neural networks and recurrent neural networks . for both models , we demonstrate the effect of different architectural choices . we present a new context representation for convolutional neural networks for relation classification ( extended middle context ). furthermore , we propose connectionist bi - directional recu ←
→ vocabulary - informed extreme value learning ; the novel unseen classes can be formulated as the extreme values of known classes . this inspired the recent works on open - set recognition \ cite { scheirer_2013_tpami , scheirer_2014_tpamib , evm }, which however can have no way of naming the novel unseen classes . to solve this problem , we propose the extreme value learning ( evl ) formulation to learn the mapping from visual feature to semantic space . to model the margin and coverage distributions of each class , the vocab ←
→ a random walk based model incorporating social information for recommendations ; collaborative filtering ( cf ) is one of the most popular approaches to build a recommendation system . in this paper , we propose a hybrid collaborative filtering model based on a makovian random walk to address the data sparsity and cold start problems in recommendation systems . more precisely , we construct a directed graph whose nodes consist of items and users , together with item content , user profile and social network infor ←
→ heval : yet another human evaluation metric ; machine translation evaluation is a very important activity in machine translation development . automatic evaluation metrics proposed in literature are inadequate as they require one or more human reference translations to compare them with output produced by machine translation . this does not always give accurate results as a text can have several different translations . human evaluation metrics , on the other hand , lacks inter - annotator agreement and repeatabili ←
→ automatic post - picking using mappos improves particle image detection from cryo - em micrographs ; cryo - electron microscopy ( cryo - em ) studies using single particle reconstruction are extensively used to reveal structural information on macromolecular complexes . aiming at the highest achievable resolution , state of the art electron microscopes automatically acquire thousands of high - quality micrographs . particles are detected on and boxed out from each micrograph using fully - or semi - automated approaches . ho ←
→ empirical study of proxtone and proxtone $^+$ for fast learning of large scale sparse models ; proxtone is a novel and fast method for optimization of large scale non - smooth convex problem \ cite { shi2015large }. in this work , we try to use proxtone method in solving large scale \ emph { non - smooth non - convex } problems , for example training of sparse deep neural network ( sparse dnn ) or sparse convolutional neural network ( sparse cnn ) for embedded or mobile device . proxtone converges much faster than first order ←
→ random sentences from a generalized phrase - structure grammar interpreter ; in numerous domains in cognitive science it is often useful to have a source for randomly generated corpora . these corpora may serve as a foundation for artificial stimuli in a learning experiment ( e . g ., ellefson & christiansen , 2000 ), or as input into computational models ( e . g ., christiansen & dale , 2001 ). the following compact and general c program interprets a phrase - structure grammar specified in a text file . it follows parameter ←
→ selfie detection by synergy - constraint based convolutional neural network ; categorisation of huge amount of data on the multimedia platform is a crucial task . in this work , we propose a novel approach to address the subtle problem of selfie detection for image database segregation on the web , given rapid rise in number of selfies clicked . a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is modeled to learn a synergy feature in the common subspace of head and shoulder orientation , derived from local binary pattern ( l ←
→ learning continuous user representations through hybrid filtering with doc2vec ; players in the online ad ecosystem are struggling to acquire the user data required for precise targeting . audience look - alike modeling has the potential to alleviate this issue , but models ' performance strongly depends on quantity and quality of available data . in order to maximize the predictive performance of our look - alike modeling algorithms , we propose two novel hybrid filtering techniques that utilize the recent neural ←
→ erblox : combining matching dependencies with machine learning for entity resolution ; entity resolution ( er ), an important and common data cleaning problem , is about detecting data duplicate representations for the same external entities , and merging them into single representations . relatively recently , declarative rules called " matching dependencies " ( mds ) have been proposed for specifying similarity conditions under which attribute values in database records are merged . in this work we show the process ←
→ multi - task learning by deep collaboration and application in facial landmark detection ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have become the most successful approach in many vision - related domains . however , they are limited to domains where data is abundant . recent works have looked at multi - task learning ( mtl ) to mitigate data scarcity by leveraging domain - specific information from related tasks . in this paper , we present a novel soft - parameter sharing mechanism for cnns in a mtl setting , which we refer ←
→ triviaqa : a large scale distantly supervised challenge dataset for reading comprehension ; we present triviaqa , a challenging reading comprehension dataset containing over 650k question - answer - evidence triples . triviaqa includes 95k question - answer pairs authored by trivia enthusiasts and independently gathered evidence documents , six per question on average , that provide high quality distant supervision for answering the questions . we show that , in comparison to other recently introduced large - scale data ←
→ dependency injection for programming by optimization ; programming by optimization tools perform automatic software configuration according to the specification supplied by a software developer . developers specify design spaces for program components , and the onerous task of determining which configuration best suits a given use case is determined using automated analysis tools and optimization heuristics . however , in current approaches to programming by optimization , design space specification and explorat ←
→ epicflow : edge - preserving interpolation of correspondences for optical flow ; we propose a novel approach for optical flow estimation , targeted at large displacements with significant oc - clusions . it consists of two steps : i ) dense matching by edge - preserving interpolation from a sparse set of matches ; ii ) variational energy minimization initialized with the dense matches . the sparse - to - dense interpolation relies on an appropriate choice of the distance , namely an edge - aware geodesic distance . this dista ←
→ proactive decision support using automated planning ; proactive decision support ( pds ) helps in improving the decision making experience of human decision makers in human - in - the - loop planning environments . here both the quality of the decisions and the ease of making them are enhanced . in this regard , we propose a pds framework , named radar , based on the research in automated planning in ai , that aids the human decision maker with her plan to achieve her goals by providing alerts on : whether such a plan can ←
→ signal recovery on graphs : variation minimization ; we consider the problem of signal recovery on graphs as graphs model data with complex structure as signals on a graph . graph signal recovery implies recovery of one or multiple smooth graph signals from noisy , corrupted , or incomplete measurements . we propose a graph signal model and formulate signal recovery as a corresponding optimization problem . we provide a general solution by using the alternating direction methods of multipliers . we next show how s ←
→ speeding - up convolutional neural networks using fine - tuned cp - decomposition ; we propose a simple two - step approach for speeding up convolution layers within large convolutional neural networks based on tensor decomposition and discriminative fine - tuning . given a layer , we use non - linear least squares to compute a low - rank cp - decomposition of the 4d convolution kernel tensor into a sum of a small number of rank - one tensors . at the second step , this decomposition is used to replace the original convolution ←
→ new mathematical and algorithmic schemes for pattern classification with application to the identification of writers of important ancient documents ; in this paper , a novel approach is introduced for classifying curves into proper families , according to their similarity . first , a mathematical quantity we call plane curvature is introduced and a number of propositions are stated and proved . proper similarity measures of two curves are introduced and a subsequent statistical analysis is applied . first , the ←
→ one - class classification : taxonomy of study and review of techniques ; one - class classification ( occ ) algorithms aim to build classification models when the negative class is either absent , poorly sampled or not well defined . this unique situation constrains the learning of efficient classifiers by defining class boundary just with the knowledge of positive class . the occ problem has been considered and applied under many research themes , such as outlier / novelty detection and concept learning . in this paper ←
→ grammatical error correction with neural reinforcement learning ; we propose a neural encoder - decoder model with reinforcement learning ( nrl ) for grammatical error correction ( gec ). unlike conventional maximum likelihood estimation ( mle ), the model directly optimizes towards an objective that considers a sentence - level , task - specific evaluation metric , avoiding the exposure bias issue in mle . we demonstrate that nrl outperforms mle both in human and automated evaluation metrics , achieving the state - of - the - a ←
→ spectral approximations in machine learning ; in many areas of machine learning , it becomes necessary to find the eigenvector decompositions of large matrices . we discuss two methods for reducing the computational burden of spectral decompositions : the more venerable nystom extension and a newly introduced algorithm based on random projections . previous work has centered on the ability to reconstruct the original matrix . we argue that a more interesting and relevant comparison is their relative performance ←
→ minimax lower bounds for kronecker - structured dictionary learning ; dictionary learning is the problem of estimating the collection of atomic elements that provide a sparse representation of measured / collected signals or data . this paper finds fundamental limits on the sample complexity of estimating dictionaries for tensor data by proving a lower bound on the minimax risk . this lower bound depends on the dimensions of the tensor and parameters of the generative model . the focus of this paper is on second - o ←
→ an attentional neural conversation model with improved specificity ; in this paper we propose a neural conversation model for conducting dialogues . we demonstrate the use of this model to generate help desk responses , where users are asking questions about pc applications . our model is distinguished by two characteristics . first , it models intention across turns with a recurrent network , and incorporates an attention model that is conditioned on the representation of intention . secondly , it avoids generatin ←
→ node discovery problem for a social network ; methods to solve a node discovery problem for a social network are presented . covert nodes refer to the nodes which are not observable directly . they transmit the influence and affect the resulting collaborative activities among the persons in a social network , but do not appear in the surveillance logs which record the participants of the collaborative activities . discovering the covert nodes is identifying the suspicious logs where the covert nodes would appea ←
→ admm algorithm for graphical lasso with an $\ ell_ {\ infty }$ element - wise norm constraint ; we consider the problem of graphical lasso with an additional $\ ell_ {\ infty }$ element - wise norm constraint on the precision matrix . this problem has applications in high - dimensional covariance decomposition such as in \ citep { janzamin - 12 }. we propose an admm algorithm to solve this problem . we also use a continuation strategy on the penalty parameter to have a fast implemenation of the algorithm .←
→ da - gan : instance - level image translation by deep attention generative adversarial networks ( with supplementary materials ) ; unsupervised image translation , which aims in translating two independent sets of images , is challenging in discovering the correct correspondences without paired data . existing works build upon generative adversarial network ( gan ) such that the distribution of the translated images are indistinguishable from the distribution of the target set . however , such set - level constraints can ←
→ deep learning for explicitly modeling optimization landscapes ; in all but the most trivial optimization problems , the structure of the solutions exhibit complex interdependencies between the input parameters . decades of research with stochastic search techniques has shown the benefit of explicitly modeling the interactions between sets of parameters and the overall quality of the solutions discovered . we demonstrate a novel method , based on learning deep networks , to model the global landscapes of optimiza ←
→ grouplingam : linear non - gaussian acyclic models for sets of variables ; finding the structure of a graphical model has been received much attention in many fields . recently , it is reported that the non - gaussianity of data enables us to identify the structure of a directed acyclic graph without any prior knowledge on the structure . in this paper , we propose a novel non - gaussianity based algorithm for more general type of models ; chain graphs . the algorithm finds an ordering of the disjoint subsets of variabl ←
→ learning one convolutional layer with overlapping patches ; we give the first provably efficient algorithm for learning a one hidden layer convolutional network with respect to a general class of ( potentially overlapping ) patches . additionally , our algorithm requires only mild conditions on the underlying distribution . we prove that our framework captures commonly used schemes from computer vision , including one - dimensional and two - dimensional " patch and stride " convolutions . our algorithm -- $ convotron $ -←
→ totally looks like - how humans compare , compared to machines ; perceptual judgment of image similarity by humans relies on rich internal representations ranging from low - level features to high - level concepts , scene properties and even cultural associations . however , existing methods and datasets attempting to explain perceived similarity use stimuli which arguably do not cover the full breadth of factors that affect human similarity judgments , even those geared toward this goal . we introduce a new dataset ←
→ expanding the family of grassmannian kernels : an embedding perspective ; modeling videos and image - sets as linear subspaces has proven beneficial for many visual recognition tasks . however , it also incurs challenges arising from the fact that linear subspaces do not obey euclidean geometry , but lie on a special type of riemannian manifolds known as grassmannian . to leverage the techniques developed for euclidean spaces ( e . g , support vector machines ) with subspaces , several recent studies have proposed to em ←
→ a splitting set theorem for epistemic specifications ; over the past decade a considerable amount of research has been done to expand logic programming languages to handle incomplete information . one such language is the language of epistemic specifications . as is usual with logic programming languages , the problem of answering queries is intractable in the general case . for extended disjunctive logic programs , an idea that has proven useful in simplifying the investigation of answer sets is the use of spli ←
→ illinoissl : a java library for structured prediction ; illinoissl is a java library for learning structured prediction models . it supports structured support vector machines and structured perceptron . the library consists of a core learning module and several applications , which can be executed from command - lines . documentation is provided to guide users . in comparison to other structured learning libraries , illinoissl is efficient , general , and easy to use .←
→ efficient exact inference in planar ising models ; we give polynomial - time algorithms for the exact computation of lowest - energy ( ground ) states , worst margin violators , log partition functions , and marginal edge probabilities in certain binary undirected graphical models . our approach provides an interesting alternative to the well - known graph cut paradigm in that it does not impose any submodularity constraints ; instead we require planarity to establish a correspondence with perfect matchings ( dimer cover ←
→ the cyborg astrobiologist : scouting red beds for uncommon features with geological significance ; the ` cyborg astrobiologist ' ( ca ) has undergone a second geological field trial , at a red sandstone site in northern guadalajara , spain , near riba de santiuste . the cyborg astrobiologist is a wearable computer and video camera system that has demonstrated a capability to find uncommon interest points in geological imagery in real - time in the field . the first ( of three ) geological structures that we studied was ←
→ find your own way : weakly - supervised segmentation of path proposals for urban autonomy ; we present a weakly - supervised approach to segmenting proposed drivable paths in images with the goal of autonomous driving in complex urban environments . using recorded routes from a data collection vehicle , our proposed method generates vast quantities of labelled images containing proposed paths and obstacles without requiring manual annotation , which we then use to train a deep semantic segmentation network . with ←
→ diving performance assessment by means of video processing ; the aim of this paper is to present a procedure for video analysis applied in an innovative way to diving performance assessment . sport performance analysis is a trend that is growing exponentially for all level athletes . the technique here shown is based on two important requirements : flexibility and low cost . these two requirements lead to many problems in the video processing that have been faced and solved in this paper .←
→ high - accuracy total variation for compressed video sensing ; numerous total variation ( tv ) regularizers , engaged in image restoration problem , encode the gradients by means of simple $[- 1 , 1 ]$ fir filter . despite its low computational processing , this filter severely deviates signal ' s high frequency components pertinent to edge / discontinuous information and cause several deficiency issues known as texture and geometric loss . this paper addresses this problem by proposing an alternative model to the tv regula ←
→ word2bits - quantized word vectors ; word vectors require significant amounts of memory and storage , posing issues to resource limited devices like mobile phones and gpus . we show that high quality quantized word vectors using 1 - 2 bits per parameter can be learned by introducing a quantization function into word2vec . we furthermore show that training with the quantization function acts as a regularizer . we train word vectors on english wikipedia ( 2017 ) and evaluate them on standard word similarity and analo ←
→ towards deep symbolic reinforcement learning ; deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) brings the power of deep neural networks to bear on the generic task of trial - and - error learning , and its effectiveness has been convincingly demonstrated on tasks such as atari video games and the game of go . however , contemporary drl systems inherit a number of shortcomings from the current generation of deep learning techniques . for example , they require very large datasets to work effectively , entailing that they are slow t ←
→ flecs : planning with a flexible commitment strategy ; there has been evidence that least - commitment planners can efficiently handle planning problems that involve difficult goal interactions . this evidence has led to the common belief that delayed - commitment is the " best " possible planning strategy . however , we recently found evidence that eager - commitment planners can handle a variety of planning problems more efficiently , in particular those with difficult operator choices . resigned to the futility of try ←
→ logarithmic time parallel bayesian inference ; i present a parallel algorithm for exact probabilistic inference in bayesian networks . for polytree networks with n variables , the worst - case time complexity is o ( log n ) on a crew pram ( concurrent - read , exclusive - write parallel random - access machine ) with n processors , for any constant number of evidence variables . for arbitrary networks , the time complexity is o ( r ^{ 3w }* log n ) for n processors , or o ( w * log n ) for r ^{ 3w }* n processors , where r is the maximum range ←
→ expressivity in tts from semantics and pragmatics ; in this paper we present ongoing work to produce an expressive tts reader that can be used both in text and dialogue applications . the system called sparsar has been used to read ( english ) poetry so far but it can now be applied to any text . the text is fully analyzed both at phonetic and phonological level , and at syntactic and semantic level . in addition , the system has access to a restricted list of typical pragmatically marked phrases and expressions t ←
→ revealing structure components of the retina by deep learning networks ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have demonstrated impressive performance on visual object classification tasks . in addition , it is a useful model for predication of neuronal responses recorded in visual system . however , there is still no clear understanding of what cnns learn in terms of visual neuronal circuits . visualizing cnn ' s features to obtain possible connections to neuronscience underpinnings is not easy due to highly ←
→ time series cluster kernel for learning similarities between multivariate time series with missing data ; similarity - based approaches represent a promising direction for time series analysis . however , many such methods rely on parameter tuning , and some have shortcomings if the time series are multivariate ( mts ), due to dependencies between attributes , or the time series contain missing data . in this paper , we address these challenges within the powerful context of kernel methods by proposing the robust \←
→ smoothed action value functions for learning gaussian policies ; state - action value functions ( i . e ., q - values ) are ubiquitous in reinforcement learning ( rl ), giving rise to popular algorithms such as sarsa and q - learning . we propose a new notion of action value defined by a gaussian smoothed version of the expected q - value . we show that such smoothed q - values still satisfy a bellman equation , making them learnable from experience sampled from an environment . moreover , the gradients of expected reward with r ←
→ representation learning by learning to count ; we introduce a novel method for representation learning that uses an artificial supervision signal based on counting visual primitives . this supervision signal is obtained from an equivariance relation , which does not require any manual annotation . we relate transformations of images to transformations of the representations . more specifically , we look for the representation that satisfies such relation rather than the transformations that match a given represe ←
→ probabilistic models for computerized adaptive testing ; in this paper we follow our previous research in the area of computerized adaptive testing ( cat ). we present three different methods for cat . one of them , the item response theory , is a well established method , while the other two , bayesian and neural networks , are new in the area of educational testing . in the first part of this paper , we present the concept of cat and its advantages and disadvantages . we collected data from paper tests performed wit ←
→ visual inference specification methods for modularized rulebases . overview and integration proposal ; the paper concerns selected rule modularization techniques . three visual methods for inference specification for modularized rule - bases are described : drools flow , bpmn and xtt2 . drools flow is a popular technology for workflow or process modeling , bpmn is an omg standard for modeling business processes , and xtt2 is a hierarchical tab - ular system specification method . because of some limitations of thes ←
→ multi - sensor data pattern recognition for multi - target localization : a machine learning approach ; data - target pairing is an important step towards multi - target localization for the intelligent operation of unmanned systems . target localization plays a crucial role in numerous applications , such as search , and rescue missions , traffic management and surveillance . the objective of this paper is to present an innovative target location learning approach , where numerous machine learning approaches , including ←
→ a gaussian scale space approach for exudates detection , classification and severity prediction ; in the context of computer aided diagnosis system for diabetic retinopathy , we present a novel method for detection of exudates and their classification for disease severity prediction . the method is based on gaussian scale space based interest map and mathematical morphology . it makes use of support vector machine for classification and location information of the optic disc and the macula region for severity ←
→ meta - learning by adjusting priors based on extended pac - bayes theory ; in meta - learning an agent extracts knowledge from observed tasks , aiming to facilitate learning of novel future tasks . under the assumption that future tasks are ' related ' to previous tasks , representations should be learned in a way which captures the common structure across learned tasks , while allowing the learner sufficient flexibility to adapt to novel aspects of new tasks . we present a framework for meta - learning that is based on g ←
→ efficient learning for undirected topic models ; replicated softmax model , a well - known undirected topic model , is powerful in extracting semantic representations of documents . traditional learning strategies such as contrastive divergence are very inefficient . this paper provides a novel estimator to speed up the learning based on noise contrastive estimate , extended for documents of variant lengths and weighted inputs . experiments on two benchmarks show that the new estimator achieves great learning effic ←
→ contradiction detection for rumorous claims ; the utilization of social media material in journalistic workflows is increasing , demanding automated methods for the identification of mis - and disinformation . since textual contradiction across social media posts can be a signal of rumorousness , we seek to model how claims in twitter posts are being textually contradicted . we identify two different contexts in which contradiction emerges : its broader form can be observed across independently posted tweets and ←
→ on the semantic relationship between probabilistic soft logic and markov logic ; markov logic networks ( mln ) and probabilistic soft logic ( psl ) are widely applied formalisms in statistical relational learning , an emerging area in artificial intelligence that is concerned with combining logical and statistical ai . despite their resemblance , the relationship has not been formally stated . in this paper , we describe the precise semantic relationship between them from a logical perspective . this is facilitated ←
→ repairing ontologies via axiom weakening ; ontology engineering is a hard and error - prone task , in which small changes may lead to errors , or even produce an inconsistent ontology . as ontologies grow in size , the need for automated methods for repairing inconsistencies while preserving as much of the original knowledge as possible increases . most previous approaches to this task are based on removing a few axioms from the ontology to regain consistency . we propose a new method based on weakening these axiom ←
→ web page categorization using artificial neural networks ; web page categorization is one of the challenging tasks in the world of ever increasing web technologies . there are many ways of categorization of web pages based on different approach and features . this paper proposes a new dimension in the way of categorization of web pages using artificial neural network ( ann ) through extracting the features automatically . here eight major categories of web pages have been selected for categorization ; these are b ←
→ towards machine comprehension of spoken content : initial toefl listening comprehension test by machine ; multimedia or spoken content presents more attractive information than plain text content , but it ' s more difficult to display on a screen and be selected by a user . as a result , accessing large collections of the former is much more difficult and time - consuming than the latter for humans . it ' s highly attractive to develop a machine which can automatically understand spoken content and summarize the key ←
→ fused dnn : a deep neural network fusion approach to fast and robust pedestrian detection ; we propose a deep neural network fusion architecture for fast and robust pedestrian detection . the proposed network fusion architecture allows for parallel processing of multiple networks for speed . a single shot deep convolutional network is trained as a object detector to generate all possible pedestrian candidates of different sizes and occlusions . this network outputs a large variety of pedestrian candidates to ←
→ opennmt : open - source toolkit for neural machine translation ; we introduce an open - source toolkit for neural machine translation ( nmt ) to support research into model architectures , feature representations , and source modalities , while maintaining competitive performance , modularity and reasonable training requirements .←
→ a probabilistic framework for deep learning ; we develop a probabilistic framework for deep learning based on the deep rendering mixture model ( drmm ), a new generative probabilistic model that explicitly capture variations in data due to latent task nuisance variables . we demonstrate that max - sum inference in the drmm yields an algorithm that exactly reproduces the operations in deep convolutional neural networks ( dcns ), providing a first principles derivation . our framework provides new insights into the s ←
→ global versus localized generative adversarial nets ; in this paper , we present a novel localized generative adversarial net ( gan ) to learn on the manifold of real data . compared with the classic gan that {\ em globally } parameterizes a manifold , the localized gan ( lgan ) uses local coordinate charts to parameterize distinct local geometry of how data points can transform at different locations on the manifold . specifically , around each point there exists a {\ em local } generator that can produce data followin ←
→ identifying most walkable direction for navigation in an outdoor environment ; we present an approach for identifying the most walkable direction for navigation using a hand - held camera . our approach extracts semantically rich contextual information from the scene using a custom encoder - decoder architecture for semantic segmentation and models the spatial and temporal behavior of objects in the scene using a spatio - temporal graph . the system learns to minimize a cost function over the spatial and temporal ←
→ neural network - based word alignment through score aggregation ; we present a simple neural network for word alignment that builds source and target word window representations to compute alignment scores for sentence pairs . to enable unsupervised training , we use an aggregation operation that summarizes the alignment scores for a given target word . a soft - margin objective increases scores for true target words while decreasing scores for target words that are not present . compared to the popular fast align ←
→ joint multi - leaf segmentation , alignment and tracking from fluorescence plant videos ; this paper proposes a novel framework for fluorescence plant video processing . the plant research community is interested in the leaf - level photosynthetic analysis within a plant . a prerequisite for such analysis is to segment all leaves , estimate their structures , and track them over time . we identify this as a joint multi - leaf segmentation , alignment , and tracking problem . first , leaf segmentation and alignment are ap ←
→ 3d object proposals using stereo imagery for accurate object class detection ; the goal of this paper is to perform 3d object detection in the context of autonomous driving . our method first aims at generating a set of high - quality 3d object proposals by exploiting stereo imagery . we formulate the problem as minimizing an energy function that encodes object size priors , placement of objects on the ground plane as well as several depth informed features that reason about free space , point cloud densities a ←
→ discriminative parameter estimation for random walks segmentation : technical report ; the random walks ( rw ) algorithm is one of the most e - cient and easy - to - use probabilistic segmentation methods . by combining contrast terms with prior terms , it provides accurate segmentations of medical images in a fully automated manner . however , one of the main drawbacks of using the rw algorithm is that its parameters have to be hand - tuned . we propose a novel discriminative learning framework that estimates the para ←
→ mining compatible / incompatible entities from question and answering via yes / no answer classification using distant label expansion ; product community question answering ( pcqa ) provides useful information about products and their features ( aspects ) that may not be well addressed by product descriptions and reviews . we observe that a product ' s compatibility issues with other products are frequently discussed in pcqa and such issues are more frequently addressed in accessories , i . e ., via a yes / no question "←
→ a machine learning approach for evaluating creative artifacts ; much work has been done in understanding human creativity and defining measures to evaluate creativity . this is necessary mainly for the reason of having an objective and automatic way of quantifying creative artifacts . in this work , we propose a regression - based learning framework which takes into account quantitatively the essential criteria for creativity like novelty , influence , value and unexpectedness . as it is often the case with most cr ←
→ 10 , 000 + times accelerated robust subset selection ( arss ) ; subset selection from massive data with noised information is increasingly popular for various applications . this problem is still highly challenging as current methods are generally slow in speed and sensitive to outliers . to address the above two issues , we propose an accelerated robust subset selection ( arss ) method . specifically in the subset selection area , this is the first attempt to employ the $\ ell_ { p }( 0 < p \ leq1 )$- norm based measure for the ←
→ image restoration using autoencoding priors ; we propose to leverage denoising autoencoder networks as priors to address image restoration problems . we build on the key observation that the output of an optimal denoising autoencoder is a local mean of the true data density , and the autoencoder error ( the difference between the output and input of the trained autoencoder ) is a mean shift vector . we use the magnitude of this mean shift vector , that is , the distance to the local mean , as the negative log likel ←
→ co - salient object detection based on deep saliency networks and seed propagation over an integrated graph ; this paper presents a co - salient object detection method to find common salient regions in a set of images . we utilize deep saliency networks to transfer co - saliency prior knowledge and better capture high - level semantic information , and the resulting initial co - saliency maps are enhanced by seed propagation steps over an integrated graph . the deep saliency networks are trained in a supervised manne ←
→ generic decoding of seen and imagined objects using hierarchical visual features ; object recognition is a key function in both human and machine vision . while recent studies have achieved fmri decoding of seen and imagined contents , the prediction is limited to training examples . we present a decoding approach for arbitrary objects , using the machine vision principle that an object category is represented by a set of features rendered invariant through hierarchical processing . we show that visual feature ←
→ deep net triage : analyzing the importance of network layers via structural compression ; despite their prevalence , deep networks are poorly understood . this is due , at least in part , to their highly parameterized nature . as such , while certain structures have been found to work better than others , the significance of a model ' s unique structure , or the importance of a given layer , and how these translate to overall accuracy , remains unclear . in this paper , we analyze these properties of deep neural network ←
→ solving puzzles described in english by automated translation to answer set programming and learning how to do that translation ; we present a system capable of automatically solving combinatorial logic puzzles given in ( simplified ) english . it involves translating the english descriptions of the puzzles into answer set programming ( asp ) and using asp solvers to provide solutions of the puzzles . to translate the descriptions , we use a lambda - calculus based approach using probabilistic combinatorial categor ←
→ zeroth - order online alternating direction method of multipliers : convergence analysis and applications ; in this paper , we design and analyze a new zeroth - order online algorithm , namely , the zeroth - order online alternating direction method of multipliers ( zoo - admm ), which enjoys dual advantages of being gradient - free operation and employing the admm to accommodate complex structured regularizers . compared to the first - order gradient - based online algorithm , we show that zoo - admm requires $\ sqrt { m }$ times m ←
→ context gates for neural machine translation ; in neural machine translation ( nmt ), generation of a target word depends on both source and target contexts . we find that source contexts have a direct impact on the adequacy of a translation while target contexts affect the fluency . intuitively , generation of a content word should rely more on the source context and generation of a functional word should rely more on the target context . due to the lack of effective control over the influence from source and ta ←
→ handwritten devanagari script segmentation : a non - linear fuzzy approach ; the paper concentrates on improvement of segmentation accuracy by addressing some of the key challenges of handwritten devanagari word image segmentation technique . in the present work , we have developed a new feature based approach for identification of matra pixels from a word image , design of a non - linear fuzzy membership functions for headline estimation and finally design of a non - linear fuzzy functions for identifying segmentati ←
→ evolutionary design of digital circuits using genetic programming ; for simple digital circuits , conventional method of designing circuits can easily be applied . but for complex digital circuits , the conventional method of designing circuits is not fruitfully applicable because it is time - consuming . on the contrary , genetic programming is used mostly for automatic program generation . the modern approach for designing arithmetic circuits , commonly digital circuits , is based on graphs . this graph - based evolut ←
→ solving poisson equation by genetic algorithms ; this paper deals with a method for solving poisson equation ( pe ) based on genetic algorithms and grammatical evolution . the method forms generations of solutions expressed in an analytical form . several examples of pe are tested and in most cases the exact solution is recovered . but , when the solution cannot be expressed in an analytical form , our method produces a satisfactory solution with a good level of accuracy ←
→ a comparison of lauritzen - spiegelhalter , hugin , and shenoy - shafer architectures for computing marginals of probability distributions ; in the last decade , several architectures have been proposed for exact computation of marginals using local computation . in this paper , we compare three architectures - lauritzen - spiegelhalter , hugin , and shenoy - shafer - from the perspective of graphical structure for message propagation , message - passing scheme , computational efficiency , and storage efficiency .←
→ between theory and practice : guidelines for an optimization scheme with genetic algorithms - part i : single - objective continuous global optimization ; the rapid advances in the field of optimization methods in many pure and applied science pose the difficulty of keeping track of the developments as well as selecting an appropriate technique that best suits the problem in - hand . from a practitioner point of view is rightful to wander " which optimization method is the best for my problem ?". looking at the op ←
→ contrastive structured anomaly detection for gaussian graphical models ; gaussian graphical models ( ggms ) are probabilistic tools of choice for analyzing conditional dependencies between variables in complex systems . finding changepoints in the structural evolution of a ggm is therefore essential to detecting anomalies in the underlying system modeled by the ggm . in order to detect structural anomalies in a ggm , we consider the problem of estimating changes in the precision matrix of the corresponding gauss ←
→ grid - like structure is optimal for path integration ; grid cells in medial entorhinal cortex are believed to play a key role in path integration . however , the relation between path integration and the grid - like arrangement of their firing field remains unclear . we provide theoretical evidence that grid - like structure and path integration are closely related . in one dimension , the grid - like structure provides the optimal solution for path integration assuming that the noise correlation structure is gaussian .←
→ the probability of a possibility : adding uncertainty to default rules ; we present a semantics for adding uncertainty to conditional logics for default reasoning and belief revision . we are able to treat conditional sentences as statements of conditional probability , and express rules for revision such as " if a were believed , then b would be believed to degree p ." this method of revision extends conditionalization by allowing meaningful revision by sentences whose probability is zero . this is achieved throu ←
→ towards reverse - engineering black - box neural networks ; many deployed learned models are black boxes : given input , returns output . internal information about the model , such as the architecture , optimisation procedure , or training data , is not disclosed explicitly as it might contain proprietary information or make the system more vulnerable . this work shows that such attributes of neural networks can be exposed from a sequence of queries . this has multiple implications . on the one hand , our work exposes th ←
→ quantum machine learning with glow for episodic tasks and decision games ; we consider a general class of models , where a reinforcement learning ( rl ) agent learns from cyclic interactions with an external environment via classical signals . perceptual inputs are encoded as quantum states , which are subsequently transformed by a quantum channel representing the agent ' s memory , while the outcomes of measurements performed at the channel ' s output determine the agent ' s actions . the learning takes place via stepw ←
→ a novel approach for human action recognition from silhouette images ; in this paper , a novel human action recognition technique from video is presented . any action of human is a combination of several micro action sequences performed by one or more body parts of the human . the proposed approach uses spatio - temporal body parts movement ( stbpm ) features extracted from foreground silhouette of the human objects . the newly proposed stbpm feature estimates the movements of different body parts for any given tim ←
→ a parametric level set approach to simultaneous object identification and background reconstruction for dual energy computed tomography ; dual energy computerized tomography has gained great interest because of its ability to characterize the chemical composition of a material rather than simply providing relative attenuation images as in conventional tomography . the purpose of this paper is to introduce a novel polychromatic dual energy processing algorithm with an emphasis on detection and characterizat ←
→ translating near - synonyms : possibilities and preferences in the interlingua ; this paper argues that an interlingual representation must explicitly represent some parts of the meaning of a situation as possibilities ( or preferences ), not as necessary or definite components of meaning ( or constraints ). possibilities enable the analysis and generation of nuance , something required for faithful translation . furthermore , the representation of the meaning of words , especially of near - synonyms , is crucial , beca ←
→ binary quadratic programing for online tracking of hundreds of people in extremely crowded scenes ; multi - object tracking has been studied for decades . however , when it comes to tracking pedestrians in extremely crowded scenes , we are limited to only few works . this is an important problem which gives rise to several challenges . pre - trained object detectors fail to localize targets in crowded sequences . this consequently limits the use of data - association based multi - target tracking methods which rely on ←
→ blind detection and compensation of camera lens geometric distortions ; this paper presents a blind detection and compensation technique for camera lens geometric distortions . the lens distortion introduces higher - order correlations in the frequency domain and in turn it can be detected using higher - order spectral analysis tools without assuming any specific calibration target . the existing blind lens distortion removal method only considered a single - coefficient radial distortion model . in this paper , two ←
→ sparse coral classification using deep convolutional neural networks ; autonomous repair of deep - sea coral reefs is a recent proposed idea to support the oceans ecosystem in which is vital for commercial fishing , tourism and other species . this idea can be operated through using many small autonomous underwater vehicles ( auvs ) and swarm intelligence techniques to locate and replace chunks of coral which have been broken off , thus enabling re - growth and maintaining the habitat . the aim of this project is dev ←
→ bayes - optimal hierarchical classification over asymmetric tree - distance loss ; hierarchical classification is supervised multi - class classification problem over the set of class labels organized according to a hierarchy . in this report , we study the work by ramaswamy et . al . on hierarchical classification over symmetric tree distance loss . we extend the consistency of hierarchical classification algorithm over asymmetric tree distance loss . we design a $\ mathcal { o }( nk \ log {} n )$ algorithm to find bayes opti ←
→ adjusting for chance clustering comparison measures ; adjusted for chance measures are widely used to compare partitions / clusterings of the same data set . in particular , the adjusted rand index ( ari ) based on pair - counting , and the adjusted mutual information ( ami ) based on shannon information theory are very popular in the clustering community . nonetheless it is an open problem as to what are the best application scenarios for each measure and guidelines in the literature for their usage are sparse , with t ←
→ a note on adjusting $ r ^ 2 $ for using with cross - validation ; we show how to adjust the coefficient of determination ($ r ^ 2 $) when used for measuring predictive accuracy via leave - one - out cross - validation .←
→ monitoring chinese population migration in consecutive weekly basis from intra - city scale to inter - province scale by didi ' s bigdata ; population migration is valuable information which leads to proper decision in urban - planning strategy , massive investment , and many other fields . for instance , inter - city migration is a posterior evidence to see if the government ' s constrain of population works , and inter - community immigration might be a prior evidence of real estate price hike . with timely data , it is als ←
→ learning and fusing multimodal features from and for multi - task facial computing ; we propose a deep learning - based feature fusion approach for facial computing including face recognition as well as gender , race and age detection . instead of training a single classifier on face images to classify them based on the features of the person whose face appears in the image , we first train four different classifiers for classifying face images based on race , age , gender and identification ( id ). multi - task featu ←
→ cloudsvm : training an svm classifier in cloud computing systems ; in conventional method , distributed support vector machines ( svm ) algorithms are trained over pre - configured intranet / internet environments to find out an optimal classifier . these methods are very complicated and costly for large datasets . hence , we propose a method that is referred as the cloud svm training mechanism ( cloudsvm ) in a cloud computing environment with mapreduce technique for distributed machine learning applications . accordin ←
→ model interpolation with trans - dimensional random field language models for speech recognition ; the dominant language models ( lms ) such as n - gram and neural network ( nn ) models represent sentence probabilities in terms of conditionals . in contrast , a new trans - dimensional random field ( trf ) lm has been recently introduced to show superior performances , where the whole sentence is modeled as a random field . in this paper , we examine how the trf models can be interpolated with the nn models , and obtain 12 .←
→ two - stream collaborative learning with spatial - temporal attention for video classification ; video classification is highly important with wide applications , such as video search and intelligent surveillance . video naturally consists of static and motion information , which can be represented by frame and optical flow . recently , researchers generally adopt the deep networks to capture the static and motion information \ textbf {\ emph { separately }}, which mainly has two limitations : ( 1 ) ignoring the coexistenc ←
→ le cam meets lecun : deficiency and generic feature learning ; " deep learning " methods attempt to learn generic features in an unsupervised fashion from a large unlabelled data set . these generic features should perform as well as the best hand crafted features for any learning problem that makes use of this data . we provide a definition of generic features , characterize when it is possible to learn them and provide methods closely related to the autoencoder and deep belief network of deep learning . in order ←
→ hybrid grey interval relation decision - making in artistic talent evaluation of player ; this paper proposes a grey interval relation topsis method for the decision making in which all of the attribute weights and attribute values are given by the interval grey numbers . in this paper , all of the subjective and objective weights are obtained by interval grey number and decision - making is based on four methods such as the relative approach degree of grey topsis , the relative approach degree of grey incidence ←
→ spatially encoding temporal correlations to classify temporal data using convolutional neural networks ; we propose an off - line approach to explicitly encode temporal patterns spatially as different types of images , namely , gramian angular fields and markov transition fields . this enables the use of techniques from computer vision for feature learning and classification . we used tiled convolutional neural networks to learn high - level features from individual gaf , mtf , and gaf - mtf images on 12 benchmark ti ←
→ grammatical facial expression recognition using customized deep neural network architecture ; this paper proposes to expand the visual understanding capacity of computers by helping it recognize human sign language more efficiently . this is carried out through recognition of facial expressions , which accompany the hand signs used in this language . this paper specially focuses on the popular brazilian sign language ( libras ). while classifying different hand signs into their respective word meanings has alr ←
→ triple generative adversarial nets ; generative adversarial nets ( gans ) have shown promise in image generation and semi - supervised learning ( ssl ). however , existing gans in ssl have two problems : ( 1 ) the generator and the discriminator ( i . e . the classifier ) may not be optimal at the same time ; and ( 2 ) the generator cannot control the semantics of the generated samples . the problems essentially arise from the two - player formulation , where a single discriminator shares incompatible roles of identifying fake s ←
→ to fall or not to fall : a visual approach to physical stability prediction ; understanding physical phenomena is a key competence that enables humans and animals to act and interact under uncertain perception in previously unseen environments containing novel object and their configurations . developmental psychology has shown that such skills are acquired by infants from observations at a very early stage . in this paper , we contrast a more traditional approach of taking a model - based route with explicit ←
→ zero - shot learning via class - conditioned deep generative models ; we present a deep generative model for learning to predict classes not seen at training time . unlike most existing methods for this problem , that represent each class as a point ( via a semantic embedding ), we represent each seen / unseen class using a class - specific latent - space distribution , conditioned on class attributes . we use these latent - space distributions as a prior for a supervised variational autoencoder ( vae ), which also facilitates ←
→ inference of spatio - temporal functions over graphs via multi - kernel kriged kalman filtering ; inference of space - time varying signals on graphs emerges naturally in a plethora of network science related applications . a frequently encountered challenge pertains to reconstructing such dynamic processes , given their values over a subset of vertices and time instants . the present paper develops a graph - aware kernel - based kriged kalman filter that accounts for the spatio - temporal variations , and offers efficie ←
→ a novel processing pipeline for optical multi - touch surfaces ; in this thesis a new approach for touch detection on optical multi - touch devices is proposed that exploits the fact that the camera images reveal not only the actual touch points but also objects above the screen such as the hand or arm of a user . the touch processing relies on the maximally stable extremal regions algorithm for finding the users ' fingertips in the camera image . the hierarchical structure of the generated extremal regions serves ←
→ telling cause from effect based on high - dimensional observations ; we describe a method for inferring linear causal relations among multi - dimensional variables . the idea is to use an asymmetry between the distributions of cause and effect that occurs if both the covariance matrix of the cause and the structure matrix mapping cause to the effect are independently chosen . the method works for both stochastic and deterministic causal relations , provided that the dimensionality is sufficiently high ( in some exp ←
→ training deep learning based denoisers without ground truth data ; recent deep learning based denoisers are trained to minimize the mean squared error ( mse ) between the output of a network and the ground truth noiseless image in the training data . thus , it is crucial to have high quality noiseless training data for high performance denoisers . unfortunately , in some application areas such as medical imaging , it is expensive or even infeasible to acquire such a clean ground truth image . we propose a stein ' s u ←
→ amortized inference and learning in latent conditional random fields for weakly - supervised semantic image segmentation ; conditional random fields ( crfs ) are commonly employed as a post - processing tool for image segmentation tasks . the unary potentials of the crf are often learnt independently by a classifier , thereby decoupling the inference in crf from the training of classifier . such a scheme works effectively , when pixel - level labelling is available for all the images . however , in absence of pixel - lev ←
→ identifying mirror symmetry density with delay in spiking neural networks ; the ability to rapidly identify symmetry and anti - symmetry is an essential attribute of intelligence . symmetry perception is a central process in human vision and may be key to human 3d visualization . while previous work in understanding neuron symmetry perception has concentrated on the neuron as an integrator , here we show how the coincidence detecting property of the spiking neuron can be used to reveal symmetry density in spat ←
→ evaluation of explore - exploit policies in multi - result ranking systems ; we analyze the problem of using explore - exploit techniques to improve precision in multi - result ranking systems such as web search , query autocompletion and news recommendation . adopting an exploration policy directly online , without understanding its impact on the production system , may have unwanted consequences - the system may sustain large losses , create user dissatisfaction , or collect exploration data which does not help improve ←
→ mental lexicon growth modelling reveals the multiplexity of the english language ; in this work we extend previous analyses of linguistic networks by adopting a multi - layer network framework for modelling the human mental lexicon , i . e . an abstract mental repository where words and concepts are stored together with their linguistic patterns . across a three - layer linguistic multiplex , we model english words as nodes and connect them according to ( i ) phonological similarities , ( ii ) synonym relationships and ←
→ a multi - heuristic approach for solving the pre - marshalling problem ; minimizing the number of reshuffling operations at maritime container terminals incorporates the pre - marshalling problem ( pmp ) as an important problem . based on an analysis of existing solution approaches we develop new heuristics utilizing specific properties of problem instances of the pmp . we show that the heuristic performance is highly dependent on these properties . we introduce a new method that exploits a greedy heuristic of four st ←
→ reinforcing reachable routes ; this paper studies the evaluation of routing algorithms from the perspective of reachability routing , where the goal is to determine all paths between a sender and a receiver . reachability routing is becoming relevant with the changing dynamics of the internet and the emergence of low - bandwidth wireless / ad - hoc networks . we make the case for reinforcement learning as the framework of choice to realize reachability routing , within the confines of the current internet infrastruct ←
→ a fast unified model for parsing and sentence understanding ; tree - structured neural networks exploit valuable syntactic parse information as they interpret the meanings of sentences . however , they suffer from two key technical problems that make them slow and unwieldy for large - scale nlp tasks : they usually operate on parsed sentences and they do not directly support batched computation . we address these issues by introducing the stack - augmented parser - interpreter neural network ( spinn ), which combines par ←
→ volumetric spanners : an efficient exploration basis for learning ; numerous machine learning problems require an exploration basis - a mechanism to explore the action space . we define a novel geometric notion of exploration basis with low variance , called volumetric spanners , and give efficient algorithms to construct such a basis . we show how efficient volumetric spanners give rise to the first efficient and optimal regret algorithm for bandit linear optimization over general convex sets . previously such ←
→ a unified deep artificial neural network approach to partial differential equations in complex geometries ; we use deep feedforward artificial neural networks to approximate solutions of partial differential equations of advection and diffusion type in complex geometries . we derive analytical expressions of the gradients of the cost function with respect to the network parameters , as well as the gradient of the network itself with respect to the input , for arbitrarily deep networks . the method is based on ←
→ asynchronous stochastic proximal methods for nonconvex nonsmooth optimization ; we study stochastic algorithms for solving non - convex optimization problems with a convex yet possibly non - smooth regularizer , which find wide applications in many practical machine learning applications . however , compared to asynchronous parallel stochastic gradient descent ( asynsgd ), an algorithm targeting smooth optimization , the understanding of the behavior of stochastic algorithms for the non - smooth regularized optimizat ←
→ pos tagging and its applications for mathematics ; content analysis of scientific publications is a nontrivial task , but a useful and important one for scientific information services . in the gutenberg era it was a domain of human experts ; in the digital age many machine - based methods , e . g ., graph analysis tools and machine - learning techniques , have been developed for it . natural language processing ( nlp ) is a powerful machine - learning approach to semiautomatic speech and language processing , which is also ←
→ learning with hidden variables ; learning and inferring features that generate sensory input is a task continuously performed by cortex . in recent years , novel algorithms and learning rules have been proposed that allow neural network models to learn such features from natural images , written text , audio signals , etc . these networks usually involve deep architectures with many layers of hidden neurons . here we review recent advancements in this area emphasizing , amongst other things , the processing of dynam ←
→ dictionary update for nmf - based voice conversion using an encoder - decoder network ; in this paper , we propose a dictionary update method for nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) with high dimensional data in a spectral conversion ( sc ) task . voice conversion has been widely studied due to its potential applications such as personalized speech synthesis and speech enhancement . exemplar - based nmf ( enmf ) emerges as an effective and probably the simplest choice among all techniques for sc , as long as a sourc ←
→ nonlinear variable selection with continuous outcome : a nonparametric incremental forward stagewise approach ; we present a method of variable selection for the situation where some predictors are nonlinearly associated with a continuous outcome variable . the method doesn ' t assume any specific functional form , and can select from a large number of candidates . it takes the form of incremental forward stagewise regression , in which very small steps are taken to select the variables . given no functional form ←
→ building memory with concept learning capabilities from large - scale knowledge base ; we present a new perspective on neural knowledge base ( kb ) embeddings , from which we build a framework that can model symbolic knowledge in the kb together with its learning process . we show that this framework well regularizes previous neural kb embedding model for superior performance in reasoning tasks , while having the capabilities of dealing with unseen entities , that is , to learn their embeddings from natural langua ←
→ efficient minimization of decomposable submodular functions ; many combinatorial problems arising in machine learning can be reduced to the problem of minimizing a submodular function . submodular functions are a natural discrete analog of convex functions , and can be minimized in strongly polynomial time . unfortunately , state - of - the - art algorithms for general submodular minimization are intractable for larger problems . in this paper , we introduce a novel subclass of submodular minimization problems that we ←
→ learning privacy preserving encodings through adversarial training ; we present a framework to learn privacy - preserving encodings of images ( or other high - dimensional data ) to inhibit inference of a chosen private attribute . rather than encoding a fixed dataset or inhibiting a fixed estimator , we aim to to learn an encoding function such that even after this function is fixed , an estimator with knowledge of the encoding is unable to learn to accurately predict the private attribute , when generalizing beyond ←
→ question answering through transfer learning from large fine - grained supervision data ; we show that the task of question answering ( qa ) can significantly benefit from the transfer learning of models trained on a different large , fine - grained qa dataset . we achieve the state of the art in two well - studied qa datasets , wikiqa and semeval - 2016 ( task 3a ), through a basic transfer learning technique from squad . for wikiqa , our model outperforms the previous best model by more than 8 %. we demonstrate that fine ←
→ screen : learning a flat syntactic and semantic spoken language analysis using artificial neural networks ; previous approaches of analyzing spontaneously spoken language often have been based on encoding syntactic and semantic knowledge manually and symbolically . while there has been some progress using statistical or connectionist language models , many current spoken - language systems still use a relatively brittle , hand - coded symbolic grammar or symbolic semantic component . in contrast , we describe a so ←
→ valuing knowledge , information and agency in multi - agent reinforcement learning : a case study in smart buildings ; increasing energy efficiency in buildings can reduce costs and emissions substantially . historically , this has been treated as a local , or single - agent , optimization problem . however , many buildings utilize the same types of thermal equipment e . g . electric heaters and hot water vessels . during operation , occupants in these buildings interact with the equipment differently thereby driving them ←
→ inference for belief networks using coupling from the past ; inference for belief networks using gibbs sampling produces a distribution for unobserved variables that differs from the correct distribution by a ( usually ) unknown error , since convergence to the right distribution occurs only asymptotically . the method of " coupling from the past " samples from exactly the correct distribution by ( conceptually ) running dependent gibbs sampling simulations from every possible starting state from a time far enough ←
→ theory reconstruction : a representation learning view on predicate invention ; with this positional paper we present a representation learning view on predicate invention . the intention of this proposal is to bridge the relational and deep learning communities on the problem of predicate invention . we propose a theory reconstruction approach , a formalism that extends autoencoder approach to representation learning to the relational settings . our intention is to start a discussion to define a unifying fram ←
→ consistency constraints for overlapping data clustering ; we examine overlapping clustering schemes with functorial constraints , in the spirit of carlsson -- memoli . this avoids issues arising from the chaining required by partition - based methods . our principal result shows that any clustering functor is naturally constrained to refine single - linkage clusters and be refined by maximal - linkage clusters . we work in the context of metric spaces with non - expansive maps , which is appropriate for modeling data proc ←
→ the role of context types and dimensionality in learning word embeddings ; we provide the first extensive evaluation of how using different types of context to learn skip - gram word embeddings affects performance on a wide range of intrinsic and extrinsic nlp tasks . our results suggest that while intrinsic tasks tend to exhibit a clear preference to particular types of contexts and higher dimensionality , more careful tuning is required for finding the optimal settings for most of the extrinsic tasks that we ←
→ technical report of participation in higgs boson machine learning challenge ; this report entails the detailed description of the approach and methodologies taken as part of competing in the higgs boson machine learning competition hosted by kaggle inc . and organized by cern et al . it briefly describes the theoretical background of the problem and the motivation for taking part in the competition . furthermore , the various machine learning models and algorithms analyzed and implemented during the 4 month p ←
→ submodular function maximization for group elevator scheduling ; we propose a novel approach for group elevator scheduling by formulating it as the maximization of submodular function under a matroid constraint . in particular , we propose to model the total waiting time of passengers using a quadratic boolean function . the unary and pairwise terms in the function denote the waiting time for single and pairwise allocation of passengers to elevators , respectively . we show that this objective function is submod ←
→ urban ozone concentration forecasting with artificial neural network in corsica ; atmospheric pollutants concentration forecasting is an important issue in air quality monitoring . qualitair corse , the organization responsible for monitoring air quality in corsica ( france ) region , needs to develop a short - term prediction model to lead its mission of information towards the public . various deterministic models exist for meso - scale or local forecasting , but need powerful large variable sets , a good knowledge ←
→ decompositions of grammar constraints ; a wide range of constraints can be compactly specified using automata or formal languages . in a sequence of recent papers , we have shown that an effective means to reason with such specifications is to decompose them into primitive constraints . we can then , for instance , use state of the art sat solvers and profit from their advanced features like fast unit propagation , clause learning , and conflict - based search heuristics . this approach holds promise for solving comb ←
→ fast graph construction using auction algorithm ; in practical machine learning systems , graph based data representation has been widely used in various learning paradigms , ranging from unsupervised clustering to supervised classification . besides those applications with natural graph or network structure data , such as social network analysis and relational learning , many other applications often involve a critical step in converting data vectors to an adjacency graph . in particular , a sparse subgraph extra ←
→ image - to - markup generation with coarse - to - fine attention ; we present a neural encoder - decoder model to convert images into presentational markup based on a scalable coarse - to - fine attention mechanism . our method is evaluated in the context of image - to - latex generation , and we introduce a new dataset of real - world rendered mathematical expressions paired with latex markup . we show that unlike neural ocr techniques using ctc - based models , attention - based approaches can tackle this non - standard ocr task . our ←
→ vast : the virtual acoustic space traveler dataset ; this paper introduces a new paradigm for sound source lo - calization referred to as virtual acoustic space traveling ( vast ) and presents a first dataset designed for this purpose . existing sound source localization methods are either based on an approximate physical model ( physics - driven ) or on a specific - purpose calibration set ( data - driven ). with vast , the idea is to learn a mapping from audio features to desired audio properties using a massive dataset ←
→ understanding exhaustive pattern learning ; pattern learning in an important problem in natural language processing ( nlp ). some exhaustive pattern learning ( epl ) methods ( bod , 1992 ) were proved to be flawed ( johnson , 2002 ), while similar algorithms ( och and ney , 2004 ) showed great advantages on other tasks , such as machine translation . in this article , we first formalize epl , and then show that the probability given by an epl model is constant - factor approximation of the probability given by an ensemble met ←
→ an end - to - end deep learning histochemical scoring system for breast cancer tissue microarray ; one of the methods for stratifying different molecular classes of breast cancer is the nottingham prognostic index plus ( npi +) which uses breast cancer relevant biomarkers to stain tumour tissues prepared on tissue microarray ( tma ). to determine the molecular class of the tumour , pathologists will have to manually mark the nuclei activity biomarkers through a microscope and use a semi - quantitative assessment met ←
→ ensembling neural networks for digital pathology images classification and segmentation ; in the last years , neural networks have proven to be a powerful framework for various image analysis problems . however , some application domains have specific limitations . notably , digital pathology is an example of such fields due to tremendous image sizes and quite limited number of training examples available . in this paper , we adopt state - of - the - art convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) architectures for digital pa ←
→ optimizing neural network hyperparameters with gaussian processes for dialog act classification ; systems based on artificial neural networks ( anns ) have achieved state - of - the - art results in many natural language processing tasks . although anns do not require manually engineered features , anns have many hyperparameters to be optimized . the choice of hyperparameters significantly impacts models ' performances . however , the ann hyperparameters are typically chosen by manual , grid , or random search , which eit ←
→ slam based quasi dense reconstruction for minimally invasive surgery scenes ; recovering surgical scene structure in laparoscope surgery is crucial step for surgical guidance and augmented reality applications . in this paper , a quasi dense reconstruction algorithm of surgical scene is proposed . this is based on a state - of - the - art slam system , and is exploiting the initial exploration phase that is typically performed by the surgeon at the beginning of the surgery . we show how to convert the sparse slam ma ←
→ forecasting electricity consumption by aggregating specialized experts ; we consider the setting of sequential prediction of arbitrary sequences based on specialized experts . we first provide a review of the relevant literature and present two theoretical contributions : a general analysis of the specialist aggregation rule of freund et al . ( 1997 ) and an adaptation of fixed - share rules of herbster and warmuth ( 1998 ) in this setting . we then apply these rules to the sequential short - term ( one - day - ahead ) forec ←
→ using deep learning for detecting spoofing attacks on speech signals ; it is well known that speaker verification systems are subject to spoofing attacks . the automatic speaker verification spoofing and countermeasures challenge -- asvspoof2015 -- provides a standard spoofing database , containing attacks based on synthetic speech , along with a protocol for experiments . this paper describes cpqd ' s systems submitted to the asvspoof2015 challenge , based on deep neural networks , working both as a classifier and ←
→ policy gradient methods for off - policy control ; off - policy learning refers to the problem of learning the value function of a way of behaving , or policy , while following a different policy . gradient - based off - policy learning algorithms , such as gtd and tdc / gq , converge even when using function approximation and incremental updates . however , they have been developed for the case of a fixed behavior policy . in control problems , one would like to adapt the behavior policy over time to become more greedy with ←
→ a topological code for plane images ; it is proposed a new code for contours of plane images . this code was applied for optical character recognition of printed and handwritten characters . one can apply it to recognition of any visual images .←
→ learning cost - effective and interpretable regimes for treatment recommendation ; decision makers , such as doctors and judges , make crucial decisions such as recommending treatments to patients , and granting bails to defendants on a daily basis . such decisions typically involve weighting the potential benefits of taking an action against the costs involved . in this work , we aim to automate this task of learning { cost - effective , interpretable and actionable treatment regimes . we formulate this as a problem ←
→ dropout feature ranking for deep learning models ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) achieve state - of - the - art results in a variety of domains . unfortunately , dnns are notorious for their non - interpretability , and thus limit their applicability in hypothesis - driven domains such as biology and healthcare . moreover , in the resource - constraint setting , it is critical to design tests relying on fewer more informative features leading to high accuracy performance within reasonable budget . we aim to close this gap by pr ←
→ dope : distributed optimization for pairwise energies ; we formulate an alternating direction method of mul - tipliers ( admm ) that systematically distributes the computations of any technique for optimizing pairwise functions , including non - submodular potentials . such discrete functions are very useful in segmentation and a breadth of other vision problems . our method decomposes the problem into a large set of small sub - problems , each involving a sub - region of the image domain , which can be solved in parallel .←
→ the quasispecies regime for the simple genetic algorithm with roulette - wheel selection ; we introduce a new parameter to discuss the behavior of a genetic algorithm . this parameter is the mean number of exact copies of the best fit chromosomes from one generation to the next . we argue that the genetic algorithm should operate efficiently when this parameter is slightly larger than $ 1 $. we consider the case of the simple genetic algorithm with the roulette -- wheel selection mechanism . we denote by $\ ell $ th ←
→ on the easiest and hardest fitness functions ; the hardness of fitness functions is an important research topic in the field of evolutionary computation . in theory , the study can help understanding the ability of evolutionary algorithms . in practice , the study may provide a guideline to the design of benchmarks . the aim of this paper is to answer the following research questions : given a fitness function class , which functions are the easiest with respect to an evolutionary algorithm ? which are the hardest ?←
→ value - aware item weighting for long - tail recommendation ; many recommender systems suffer from the popularity bias problem : popular items are being recommended frequently while less popular , niche products , are recommended rarely if not at all . however , those ignored products are exactly the products that businesses need to find customers for and their recommendations would be more beneficial . in this paper , we examine an item weighting approach to improve long - tail recommendation . our approach works as a s ←
→ a radial basis function neural network based approach for the electrical characteristics estimation of a photovoltaic module ; the design process of photovoltaic ( pv ) modules can be greatly enhanced by using advanced and accurate models in order to predict accurately their electrical output behavior . the main aim of this paper is to investigate the application of an advanced neural network based model of a module to improve the accuracy of the predicted output i -- v and p -- v curves and to keep in account t ←
→ bayesian multitask learning with latent hierarchies ; we learn multiple hypotheses for related tasks under a latent hierarchical relationship between tasks . we exploit the intuition that for domain adaptation , we wish to share classifier structure , but for multitask learning , we wish to share covariance structure . our hierarchical model is seen to subsume several previously proposed multitask learning models and performs well on three distinct real - world data sets .←
→ dual - path convolutional image - text embedding ; this paper considers the task of matching images and sentences . the challenge consists in discriminatively embedding the two modalities onto a shared visual - textual space . existing work in this field largely uses recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) for text feature learning and employs off - the - shelf convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) for image feature extraction . our system , in comparison , differs in two key aspects . firstly , we build a convolutional network amena ←
→ a representation of uncertainty to aid insight into decision models ; many real world models can be characterized as weak , meaning that there is significant uncertainty in both the data input and inferences . this lack of determinism makes it especially difficult for users of computer decision aids to understand and have confidence in the models . this paper presents a representation for uncertainty and utilities that serves as a framework for graphical summary and computer - generated explanation of decision m ←
→ adaptability of neural networks on varying granularity ir tasks ; recent work in information retrieval ( ir ) using deep learning models has yielded state of the art results on a variety of ir tasks . deep neural networks ( dnn ) are capable of learning ideal representations of data during the training process , removing the need for independently extracting features . however , the structures of these dnns are often tailored to perform on specific datasets . in addition , ir tasks deal with text at varying levels of ←
→ detection of face using viola jones and recognition using back propagation neural network ; detection and recognition of the facial images of people is an intricate problem which has garnered much attention during recent years due to its ever increasing applications in numerous fields . it continues to pose a challenge in finding a robust solution to it . its scope extends to catering the security , commercial and law enforcement applications . research for moreover a decade on this subject has brought about ←
→ normalizing flows on riemannian manifolds ; we consider the problem of density estimation on riemannian manifolds . density estimation on manifolds has many applications in fluid - mechanics , optics and plasma physics and it appears often when dealing with angular variables ( such as used in protein folding , robot limbs , gene - expression ) and in general directional statistics . in spite of the multitude of algorithms available for density estimation in the euclidean spaces $\ mathbf { r }^ n $ that scale to large n ( e .←
→ fusion of lidar and camera sensor data for environment sensing in driverless vehicles ; driverless vehicles operate by sensing and perceiving its surrounding environment to make the accurate driving decisions . a combination of several different sensors such as lidar , radar , ultrasound sensors and cameras are utilized to sense the surrounding environment of driverless vehicles . the heterogeneous sensors simultaneously capture various physical attributes of the environment . such multimodality and redundancy ←
→ silvar : single index latent variable models ; a semi - parametric , non - linear regression model in the presence of latent variables is introduced . these latent variables can correspond to unmodeled phenomena or unmeasured agents in a complex networked system . this new formulation allows joint estimation of certain non - linearities in the system , the direct interactions between measured variables , and the effects of unmodeled elements on the observed system . the particular form of the model adopted is justified ,←
→ firing cell : an artificial neuron with a simulation of long - term - potentiation - related memory ; we propose a computational model of neuron , called firing cell ( fc ), properties of which cover such phenomena as attenuation of receptors for external stimuli , delay and decay of postsynaptic potentials , modification of internal weights due to propagation of postsynaptic potentials through the dendrite , modification of properties of the analog memory for each input due to a pattern of short - time synaptic potenti ←
→ online real - time multiple spatiotemporal action localisation and prediction ; we present a deep - learning framework for real - time multiple spatio - temporal ( s / t ) action localisation , classification and early prediction . current state - of - the - art approaches work offline and are too slow to be useful in real - world settings . to overcome their limitations we introduce two major developments . firstly , we adopt real - time ssd ( single shot multibox detector ) convolutional neural networks to regress and classify det ←
→ geometry score : a method for comparing generative adversarial networks ; one of the biggest challenges in the research of generative adversarial networks ( gans ) is assessing the quality of generated samples and detecting various levels of mode collapse . in this work , we construct a novel measure of performance of a gan by comparing geometrical properties of the underlying data manifold and the generated one , which provides both qualitative and quantitative means for evaluation . our algorithm can be applied ←
→ distributed image reconstruction for very large arrays in radio astronomy ; current and future radio interferometric arrays such as lofar and ska are characterized by a paradox . their large number of receptors ( up to millions ) allow theoretically unprecedented high imaging resolution . in the same time , the ultra massive amounts of samples makes the data transfer and computational loads ( correlation and calibration ) order of magnitudes too high to allow any currently existing image reconstruction algorithm ←
→ online learning for matrix factorization and sparse coding ; sparse coding -- that is , modelling data vectors as sparse linear combinations of basis elements -- is widely used in machine learning , neuroscience , signal processing , and statistics . this paper focuses on the large - scale matrix factorization problem that consists of learning the basis set , adapting it to specific data . variations of this problem include dictionary learning in signal processing , non - negative matrix factorization and sparse principal ←
→ a model of grassroots changes in linguistic systems ; linguistic norms emerge in human communities because people imitate each other . a shared linguistic system provides people with the benefits of shared knowledge and coordinated planning . once norms are in place , why would they ever change ? this question , echoing broad questions in the theory of social dynamics , has particular force in relation to language . by definition , an innovator is in the minority when the innovation first occurs . in some areas of s ←
→ towards a mathematical foundation of immunology and amino acid chains ; we attempt to set a mathematical foundation of immunology and amino acid chains . to measure the similarities of these chains , a kernel on strings is defined using only the sequence of the chains and a good amino acid substitution matrix ( e . g . blosum62 ). the kernel is used in learning machines to predict binding affinities of peptides to human leukocyte antigens dr ( hla - dr ) molecules . on both fixed allele ( nielsen and lund 2009 ) and pan -←
→ an anytime algorithm for task and motion mdps ; integrated task and motion planning has emerged as a challenging problem in sequential decision making , where a robot needs to compute high - level strategy and low - level motion plans for solving complex tasks . while high - level strategies require decision making over longer time - horizons and scales , their feasibility depends on low - level constraints based upon the geometries and continuous dynamics of the environment . the hybrid nature of this problem makes it d ←
→ redundant wavelets on graphs and high dimensional data clouds ; in this paper , we propose a new redundant wavelet transform applicable to scalar functions defined on high dimensional coordinates , weighted graphs and networks . the proposed transform utilizes the distances between the given data points . we modify the filter - bank decomposition scheme of the redundant wavelet transform by adding in each decomposition level linear operators that reorder the approximation coefficients . these reordering operators ←
→ signature verification approach using fusion of hybrid texture features ; in this paper , a writer - dependent signature verification method is proposed . two different types of texture features , namely wavelet and local quantized patterns ( lqp ) features , are employed to extract two kinds of transform and statistical based information from signature images . for each writer two separate one - class support vector machines ( svms ) corresponding to each set of lqp and wavelet features are trained to obtain two differ ←
→ accelerated training for massive classification via dynamic class selection ; massive classification , a classification task defined over a vast number of classes ( hundreds of thousands or even millions ), has become an essential part of many real - world systems , such as face recognition . existing methods , including the deep networks that achieved remarkable success in recent years , were mostly devised for problems with a moderate number of classes . they would meet with substantial difficulties , e . g . excessi ←
→ stochastic training of graph convolutional networks with variance reduction ; graph convolutional networks ( gcns ) are powerful deep neural networks for graph - structured data . however , gcn computes the representation of a node recursively from its neighbors , making the receptive field size grow exponentially with the number of layers . previous attempts on reducing the receptive field size by subsampling neighbors do not have a convergence guarantee , and their receptive field size per node is still in the o ←
→ a distributional representation model for collaborative filtering ; in this paper , we propose a very concise deep learning approach for collaborative filtering that jointly models distributional representation for users and items . the proposed framework obtains better performance when compared against current state - of - art algorithms and that made the distributional representation model a promising direction for further research in the collaborative filtering .←
→ socialml : machine learning for social media video creators ; in the recent years , social media have become one of the main places where creative content is being published and consumed by billions of users . contrary to traditional media , social media allow the publishers to receive almost instantaneous feedback regarding their creative work at an unprecedented scale . this is a perfect use case for machine learning methods that can use these massive amounts of data to provide content creators with inspiratio ←
→ a bidirectional adaptive bandwidth mean shift strategy for clustering ; the bandwidth of a kernel function is a crucial parameter in the mean shift algorithm . this paper proposes a novel adaptive bandwidth strategy which contains three main contributions . ( 1 ) the differences among different adaptive bandwidth are analyzed . ( 2 ) a new mean shift vector based on bidirectional adaptive bandwidth is defined , which combines the advantages of different adaptive bandwidth strategies . ( 3 ) a bidirectional adaptive ba ←
→ deep label distribution learning with label ambiguity ; convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) have achieved excellent recognition performance in various visual recognition tasks . a large labeled training set is one of the most important factors for its success . however , it is difficult to collect sufficient training images with precise labels in some domains such as apparent age estimation , head pose estimation , multi - label classification and semantic segmentation . fortunately , there is ambiguous informa ←
→ asymmetric pruning for learning cascade detectors ; cascade classifiers are one of the most important contributions to real - time object detection . nonetheless , there are many challenging problems arising in training cascade detectors . one common issue is that the node classifier is trained with a symmetric classifier . having a low misclassification error rate does not guarantee an optimal node learning goal in cascade classifiers , i . e ., an extremely high detection rate with a moderate false positive rate . i ←
→ a novel rough set reduct algorithm for medical domain based on bee colony optimization ; feature selection refers to the problem of selecting relevant features which produce the most predictive outcome . in particular , feature selection task is involved in datasets containing huge number of features . rough set theory has been one of the most successful methods used for feature selection . however , this method is still not able to find optimal subsets . this paper proposes a new feature selection method based ←
→ learning non - linear feature maps ; feature selection plays a pivotal role in learning , particularly in areas were parsimonious features can provide insight into the underlying process , such as biology . recent approaches for non - linear feature selection employing greedy optimisation of centred kernel target alignment ( kta ), while exhibiting strong results in terms of generalisation accuracy and sparsity , can become computationally prohibitive for high - dimensional datasets . we propose randsel , a randomised fea ←
→ viewpoint : artificial intelligence and labour ; the welfare of modern societies has been intrinsically linked to wage labour . with some exceptions , the modern human has to sell her labour - power to be able reproduce biologically and socially . thus , a lingering fear of technological unemployment features predominately as a theme among artificial intelligence researchers . in this short paper we show that , if past trends are anything to go by , this fear is irrational . on the contrary , we argue that the main pro ←
→ preconditioned stochastic gradient langevin dynamics for deep neural networks ; effective training of deep neural networks suffers from two main issues . the first is that the parameter spaces of these models exhibit pathological curvature . recent methods address this problem by using adaptive preconditioning for stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ). these methods improve convergence by adapting to the local geometry of parameter space . a second issue is overfitting , which is typically addressed by early stop ←
→ a metric - learning based framework for support vector machines and multiple kernel learning ; most metric learning algorithms , as well as fisher ' s discriminant analysis ( fda ), optimize some cost function of different measures of within - and between - class distances . on the other hand , support vector machines ( svms ) and several multiple kernel learning ( mkl ) algorithms are based on the svm large margin theory . recently , svms have been analyzed from svm and metric learning , and to develop new algorithms that bu ←
→ accuracy bounds for belief propagation ; the belief propagation ( bp ) algorithm is widely applied to perform approximate inference on arbitrary graphical models , in part due to its excellent empirical properties and performance . however , little is known theoretically about when this algorithm will perform well . using recent analysis of convergence and stability properties in bp and new results on approximations in binary systems , we derive a bound on the error in bp ' s estimates for pairwise markov random fie ←
→ deep learning approach for very similar objects recognition application on chihuahua and muffin problem ; we address the problem to tackle the very similar objects like chihuahua or muffin problem to recognize at least in human vision level . our regular deep structured machine learning still does not solve it . we saw many times for about year in our community the problem . today we proposed the state - of - the - art solution for it . our approach is quite tricky to get the very high accuracy . we propose the deep ←
→ analysis of dropout learning regarded as ensemble learning ; deep learning is the state - of - the - art in fields such as visual object recognition and speech recognition . this learning uses a large number of layers , huge number of units , and connections . therefore , overfitting is a serious problem . to avoid this problem , dropout learning is proposed . dropout learning neglects some inputs and hidden units in the learning process with a probability , p , and then , the neglected inputs and hidden units are combined ←
→ volumetric bias in segmentation and reconstruction : secrets and solutions ; many standard optimization methods for segmentation and reconstruction compute ml model estimates for appearance or geometry of segments , e . g . zhu - yuille 1996 , torr 1998 , chan - vese 2001 , grabcut 2004 , delong et al . 2012 . we observe that the standard likelihood term in these formulations corresponds to a generalized probabilistic k - means energy . in learning it is well known that this energy has a strong bias to clusters of equal si ←
→ performing hybrid recommendation in intermodal transportation - the ftmarket system ' s recommendation module ; diverse recommendation techniques have been already proposed and encapsulated into several e - business applications , aiming to perform a more accurate evaluation of the existing information and accordingly augment the assistance provided to the users involved . this paper reports on the development and integration of a recommendation module in an agent - based transportation transactions management syst ←
→ towards vision - based deep reinforcement learning for robotic motion control ; this paper introduces a machine learning based system for controlling a robotic manipulator with visual perception only . the capability to autonomously learn robot controllers solely from raw - pixel images and without any prior knowledge of configuration is shown for the first time . we build upon the success of recent deep reinforcement learning and develop a system for learning target reaching with a three - joint robot manipulato ←
→ the effects of perfect and sample information on fuzzy utilities in decision - making ; in this paper , we first consider a bayesian framework and model the " utility function " in terms of fuzzy random variables . on the basis of this model , we define the " prior ( fuzzy ) expected utility " associated with each action , and the corresponding " posterior ( fuzzy ) expected utility given sample information from a random experiment ". the aim of this paper is to analyze how sample information can affect the expected util ←
→ correntropy induced l2 graph for robust subspace clustering ; in this paper , we study the robust subspace clustering problem , which aims to cluster the given possibly noisy data points into their underlying subspaces . a large pool of previous subspace clustering methods focus on the graph construction by different regularization of the representation coefficient . we instead focus on the robustness of the model to non - gaussian noises . we propose a new robust clustering method by using the correntropy induced ←
→ managing sparsity , time , and quality of inference in topic models ; inference is an integral part of probabilistic topic models , but is often non - trivial to derive an efficient algorithm for a specific model . it is even much more challenging when we want to find a fast inference algorithm which always yields sparse latent representations of documents . in this article , we introduce a simple framework for inference in probabilistic topic models , denoted by fw . this framework is general and flexible enough to ←
→ evaluation of particle swarm optimization algorithms for weighted max - sat problem : technical report ; an experimental evaluation is conducted to asses the performance of 4 different particle swarm optimization neighborhood structures in solving max - sat problem . the experiment has shown that none of the algorithms achieves statistically significant performance over the others under confidence level of 0 . 05 .←
→ helping domain experts build speech translation systems ; we present a new platform , " regulus lite ", which supports rapid development and web deployment of several types of phrasal speech translation systems using a minimal formalism . a distinguishing feature is that most development work can be performed directly by domain experts . we motivate the need for platforms of this type and discuss three specific cases : medical speech translation , speech - to - sign - language translation and voice questionnaires . we br ←
→ investigating human factors in image forgery detection ; in today ' s age of internet and social media , one can find an enormous volume of forged images on - line . these images have been used in the past to convey falsified information and achieve harmful intentions . the spread and the effect of the social media only makes this problem more severe . while creating forged images has become easier due to software advancements , there is no automated algorithm which can reliably detect forgery . image forgery detec ←
→ mltuner : system support for automatic machine learning tuning ; mltuner automatically tunes settings for training tunables ( such as the learning rate , the momentum , the mini - batch size , and the data staleness bound ) that have a significant impact on large - scale machine learning ( ml ) performance . traditionally , these tunables are set manually , which is unsurprisingly error - prone and difficult to do without extensive domain knowledge . mltuner uses efficient snapshotting , branching , and optimization - guided onl ←
→ taxonomy grounded aggregation of classifiers with different label sets ; we describe the problem of aggregating the label predictions of diverse classifiers using a class taxonomy . such a taxonomy may not have been available or referenced when the individual classifiers were designed and trained , yet mapping the output labels into the taxonomy is desirable to integrate the effort spent in training the constituent classifiers . a hierarchical taxonomy representing some domain knowledge may be different from , ←
→ emergence of locomotion behaviours in rich environments ; the reinforcement learning paradigm allows , in principle , for complex behaviours to be learned directly from simple reward signals . in practice , however , it is common to carefully hand - design the reward function to encourage a particular solution , or to derive it from demonstration data . in this paper explore how a rich environment can help to promote the learning of complex behavior . specifically , we train agents in diverse environmental contexts , a ←
→ the importance of stain normalization in colorectal tissue classification with convolutional networks ; the development of reliable imaging biomarkers for the analysis of colorectal cancer ( crc ) in hematoxylin and eosin ( h & e ) stained histopathology images requires an accurate and reproducible classification of the main tissue components in the image . in this paper , we propose a system for crc tissue classification based on convolutional networks ( convnets ). we investigate the importance of stain normaliza ←
→ backprop as functor : a compositional perspective on supervised learning ; a supervised learning algorithm searches over a set of functions $ a \ to b $ parametrised by a space $ p $ to find the best approximation to some ideal function $ f \ colon a \ to b $. it does this by taking examples $( a , f ( a )) \ in a \ times b $, and updating the parameter according to some rule . we define a category where these update rules may be composed , and show that gradient descent --- with respect to a fixed step size and an error function s ←
→ avoiding wireheading with value reinforcement learning ; how can we design good goals for arbitrarily intelligent agents ? reinforcement learning ( rl ) is a natural approach . unfortunately , rl does not work well for generally intelligent agents , as rl agents are incentivised to shortcut the reward sensor for maximum reward -- the so - called wireheading problem . in this paper we suggest an alternative to rl called value reinforcement learning ( vrl ). in vrl , agents use the reward signal to learn a utility functi ←
→ taking a deeper look at pedestrians ; in this paper we study the use of convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) for the task of pedestrian detection . despite their recent diverse successes , convnets historically underperform compared to other pedestrian detectors . we deliberately omit explicitly modelling the problem into the network ( e . g . parts or occlusion modelling ) and show that we can reach competitive performance without bells and whistles . in a wide range of experiments we analyse small and big conv ←
→ a machine learning alternative to p - values ; this paper presents an alternative approach to p - values in regression settings . this approach , whose origins can be traced to machine learning , is based on the leave - one - out bootstrap for prediction error . in machine learning this is called the out - of - bag ( oob ) error . to obtain the oob error for a model , one draws a bootstrap sample and fits the model to the in - sample data . the out - of - sample prediction error for the model is obtained by calculating the prediction ←
→ language to logical form with neural attention ; semantic parsing aims at mapping natural language to machine interpretable meaning representations . traditional approaches rely on high - quality lexicons , manually - built templates , and linguistic features which are either domain - or representation - specific . in this paper we present a general method based on an attention - enhanced encoder - decoder model . we encode input utterances into vector representations , and generate their logical forms by conditioning the o ←
→ an effective procedure for speeding up algorithms ; the provably asymptotically fastest algorithm within a factor of 5 for formally described problems will be constructed . the main idea is to enumerate all programs provably equivalent to the original problem by enumerating all proofs . the algorithm could be interpreted as a generalization and improvement of levin search , which is , within a multiplicative constant , the fastest algorithm for inverting functions . blum ' s speed - up theorem is avoided by taking in ←
→ semantic robot vision challenge : current state and future directions ; the semantic robot vision competition provided an excellent opportunity for our research lab to integrate our many ideas under one umbrella , inspiring both collaboration and new research . the task , visual search for an unknown object , is relevant to both the vision and robotics communities . moreover , since the interplay of robotics and vision is sometimes ignored , the competition provides a venue to integrate two communities . in this pap ←
→ notes on electronic lexicography ; these notes are a continuation of topics covered by v . selegej in his article " electronic dictionaries and computational lexicography ". how can an electronic dictionary have as its object the description of closely related languages ? obviously , such a question allows multiple answers .←
→ online rules for control of false discovery rate and false discovery exceedance ; multiple hypothesis testing is a core problem in statistical inference and arises in almost every scientific field . given a set of null hypotheses $\ mathcal { h }( n ) = ( h_1 ,\ dotsc , h_n )$, benjamini and hochberg introduced the false discovery rate ( fdr ), which is the expected proportion of false positives among rejected null hypotheses , and proposed a testing procedure that controls fdr below a pre - assigned significance level . n ←
→ introducing numerical bounds to improve event - based neural network simulation ; although the spike - trains in neural networks are mainly constrained by the neural dynamics itself , global temporal constraints ( refractoriness , time precision , propagation delays , ..) are also to be taken into account . these constraints are revisited in this paper in order to use them in event - based simulation paradigms . we first review these constraints , and discuss their consequences at the simulation level , showing how ev ←
→ the stone transform : multi - resolution image enhancement and real - time compressive video ; compressed sensing enables the reconstruction of high - resolution signals from under - sampled data . while compressive methods simplify data acquisition , they require the solution of difficult recovery problems to make use of the resulting measurements . this article presents a new sensing framework that combines the advantages of both conventional and compressive sensing . using the proposed \ stone transform , measurement ←
→ climbing depth - bounded adjacent discrepancy search for solving hybrid flow shop scheduling problems with multiprocessor tasks ; this paper considers multiprocessor task scheduling in a multistage hybrid flow - shop environment . the problem even in its simplest form is np - hard in the strong sense . the great deal of interest for this problem , besides its theoretical complexity , is animated by needs of various manufacturing and computing systems . we propose a new approach based on limited discrepancy search to ←
→ boundary - based mwe segmentation with text partitioning ; this work presents a fine - grained , text - chunking algorithm designed for the task of multiword expressions ( mwes ) segmentation . as a lexical class , mwes include a wide variety of idioms , whose automatic identification are a necessity for the handling of colloquial language . this algorithm ' s core novelty is its use of non - word tokens , i . e ., boundaries , in a bottom - up strategy . leveraging boundaries refines token - level information , forging high - level per ←
→ doctag2vec : an embedding based multi - label learning approach for document tagging ; tagging news articles or blog posts with relevant tags from a collection of predefined ones is coined as document tagging in this work . accurate tagging of articles can benefit several downstream applications such as recommendation and search . in this work , we propose a novel yet simple approach called doctag2vec to accomplish this task . we substantially extend word2vec and doc2vec --- two popular models for learning distrib ←
→ macro grammars and holistic triggering for efficient semantic parsing ; to learn a semantic parser from denotations , a learning algorithm must search over a combinatorially large space of logical forms for ones consistent with the annotated denotations . we propose a new online learning algorithm that searches faster as training progresses . the two key ideas are using macro grammars to cache the abstract patterns of useful logical forms found thus far , and holistic triggering to efficiently retrieve the most ←
→ learning features by watching objects move ; this paper presents a novel yet intuitive approach to unsupervised feature learning . inspired by the human visual system , we explore whether low - level motion - based grouping cues can be used to learn an effective visual representation . specifically , we use unsupervised motion - based segmentation on videos to obtain segments , which we use as ' pseudo ground truth ' to train a convolutional network to segment objects from a single frame . given the extensive evidence th ←
→ neural - symbolic learning and reasoning : a survey and interpretation ; the study and understanding of human behaviour is relevant to computer science , artificial intelligence , neural computation , cognitive science , philosophy , psychology , and several other areas . presupposing cognition as basis of behaviour , among the most prominent tools in the modelling of behaviour are computational - logic systems , connectionist models of cognition , and models of uncertainty . recent studies in cognitive science , artificial ←
→ nuclear penalized multinomial regression with an application to predicting at bat outcomes in baseball ; we propose the nuclear norm penalty as an alternative to the ridge penalty for regularized multinomial regression . this convex relaxation of reduced - rank multinomial regression has the advantage of leveraging underlying structure among the response categories to make better predictions . we apply our method , nuclear penalized multinomial regression ( npmr ), to major league baseball play - by - play data to p ←
→ on analyzing estimation errors due to constrained connections in online review systems ; constrained connection is the phenomenon that a reviewer can only review a subset of products / services due to narrow range of interests or limited attention capacity . in this work , we study how constrained connections can affect estimation performance in online review systems ( ors ). we find that reviewers ' constrained connections will cause poor estimation performance , both from the measurements of estimation accuracy ←
→ a fuzzy mlp approach for non - linear pattern classification ; in case of decision making problems , classification of pattern is a complex and crucial task . pattern classification using multilayer perceptron ( mlp ) trained with back propagation learning becomes much complex with increase in number of layers , number of nodes and number of epochs and ultimate increases computational time [ 31 ]. in this paper , an attempt has been made to use fuzzy mlp and its learning algorithm for pattern classification . the time ←
→ conation : english command input / output system for computers ; in this information technology age , a convenient and user friendly interface is required to operate the computer system on very fast rate . in the human being , speech being a natural mode of communication has potential to being a fast and convenient mode of interaction with computer . speech recognition will play an important role in taking technology to them . it is the need of this era to access the information within seconds . this paper describes ←
→ automatic inference for inverting software simulators via probabilistic programming ; models of complex systems are often formalized as sequential software simulators : computationally intensive programs that iteratively build up probable system configurations given parameters and initial conditions . these simulators enable modelers to capture effects that are difficult to characterize analytically or summarize statistically . however , in many real - world applications , these simulations need to be inverted t ←
→ elicitation strategies for fuzzy constraint problems with missing preferences : algorithms and experimental studies ; fuzzy constraints are a popular approach to handle preferences and over - constrained problems in scenarios where one needs to be cautious , such as in medical or space applications . we consider here fuzzy constraint problems where some of the preferences may be missing . this models , for example , settings where agents are distributed and have privacy issues , or where there is an ongoing prefer ←
→ photo - quality evaluation based on computational aesthetics : review of feature extraction techniques ; researchers try to model the aesthetic quality of photographs into low and high - level features , drawing inspiration from art theory , psychology and marketing . we attempt to describe every feature extraction measure employed in the above process . the contribution of this literature review is the taxonomy of each feature by its implementation complexity , considering real - world applications and integration ←
→ evolutionary optimization in an algorithmic setting ; evolutionary processes proved very useful for solving optimization problems . in this work , we build a formalization of the notion of cooperation and competition of multiple systems working toward a common optimization goal of the population using evolutionary computation techniques . it is justified that evolutionary algorithms are more expressive than conventional recursive algorithms . three subclasses of evolutionary algorithms are proposed here : bounde ←
→ an agent - driven semantical identifier using radial basis neural networks and reinforcement learning ; due to the huge availability of documents in digital form , and the deception possibility raise bound to the essence of digital documents and the way they are spread , the authorship attribution problem has constantly increased its relevance . nowadays , authorship attribution , for both information retrieval and analysis , has gained great importance in the context of security , trust and copyright preservation .←
→ symmetry - free sdp relaxations for affine subspace clustering ; we consider clustering problems where the goal is to determine an optimal partition of a given point set in euclidean space in terms of a collection of affine subspaces . while there is vast literature on heuristics for this kind of problem , such approaches are known to be susceptible to poor initializations and getting trapped in bad local optima . we alleviate these issues by introducing a semidefinite relaxation based on lasserre ' s method of mo ←
→ an analysis of the factors affecting keypoint stability in scale - space ; the most popular image matching algorithm sift , introduced by d . lowe a decade ago , has proven to be sufficiently scale invariant to be used in numerous applications . in practice , however , scale invariance may be weakened by various sources of error inherent to the sift implementation affecting the stability and accuracy of keypoint detection . the density of the sampling of the gaussian scale - space and the level of blur in the input im ←
→ scancomplete : large - scale scene completion and semantic segmentation for 3d scans ; we introduce scancomplete , a novel data - driven approach for taking an incomplete 3d scan of a scene as input and predicting a complete 3d model along with per - voxel semantic labels . the key contribution of our method is its ability to handle large scenes with varying spatial extent , managing the cubic growth in data size as scene size increases . to this end , we devise a fully - convolutional generative 3d cnn model whose fil ←
→ attributes2classname : a discriminative model for attribute - based unsupervised zero - shot learning ; we propose a novel approach for unsupervised zero - shot learning ( zsl ) of classes based on their names . most existing unsupervised zsl methods aim to learn a model for directly comparing image features and class names . however , this proves to be a difficult task due to dominance of non - visual semantics in underlying vector - space embeddings of class names . to address this issue , we discriminatively learn a wor ←
→ detect - and - track : efficient pose estimation in videos ; this paper addresses the problem of estimating and tracking human body keypoints in complex , multi - person video . we propose an extremely lightweight yet highly effective approach that builds upon the latest advancements in human detection and video understanding . our method operates in two - stages : keypoint estimation in frames or short clips , followed by lightweight tracking to generate keypoint predictions linked over the entire video . for frame - level ←
→ an empirical study of leading measures of dependence ; in exploratory data analysis , we are often interested in identifying promising pairwise associations for further analysis while filtering out weaker , less interesting ones . this can be accomplished by computing a measure of dependence on all variable pairs and examining the highest - scoring pairs , provided the measure of dependence used assigns similar scores to equally noisy relationships of different types . this property , called equitability , is formal ←
→ identifying patterns of associated - conditions through topic models of electronic medical records ; multiple adverse health conditions co - occurring in a patient are typically associated with poor prognosis and increased office or hospital visits . developing methods to identify patterns of co - occurring conditions can assist in diagnosis . thus identifying patterns of associations among co - occurring conditions is of growing interest . in this paper , we report preliminary results from a data - driven study , in wh ←
→ pyndri : a python interface to the indri search engine ; we introduce pyndri , a python interface to the indri search engine . pyndri allows to access indri indexes from python at two levels : ( 1 ) dictionary and tokenized document collection , ( 2 ) evaluating queries on the index . we hope that with the release of pyndri , we will stimulate reproducible , open and fast - paced ir research .←
→ fruler : fuzzy rule learning through evolution for regression ; in regression problems , the use of tsk fuzzy systems is widely extended due to the precision of the obtained models . moreover , the use of simple linear tsk models is a good choice in many real problems due to the easy understanding of the relationship between the output and input variables . in this paper we present fruler , a new genetic fuzzy system for automatically learning accurate and simple linguistic tsk fuzzy rule bases for regression pro ←
→ learning negative mixture models by tensor decompositions ; this work considers the problem of estimating the parameters of negative mixture models , i . e . mixture models that possibly involve negative weights . the contributions of this paper are as follows . ( i ) we show that every rational probability distributions on strings , a representation which occurs naturally in spectral learning , can be computed by a negative mixture of at most two probabilistic automata ( or hmms ). ( ii ) we propose a method to estimate ←
→ mouse movement and probabilistic graphical models based e - learning activity recognition improvement possibilistic model ; automatically recognizing the e - learning activities is an important task for improving the online learning process . probabilistic graphical models such as hidden markov models and conditional random fields have been successfully used in order to identify a web users activity . for such models , the sequences of observation are crucial for training and inference processes . despite the eff ←
→ content modeling using latent permutations ; we present a novel bayesian topic model for learning discourse - level document structure . our model leverages insights from discourse theory to constrain latent topic assignments in a way that reflects the underlying organization of document topics . we propose a global model in which both topic selection and ordering are biased to be similar across a collection of related documents . we show that this space of orderings can be effectively represented using a distri ←
→ top - n recommender system via matrix completion ; top - n recommender systems have been investigated widely both in industry and academia . however , the recommendation quality is far from satisfactory . in this paper , we propose a simple yet promising algorithm . we fill the user - item matrix based on a low - rank assumption and simultaneously keep the original information . to do that , a nonconvex rank relaxation rather than the nuclear norm is adopted to provide a better rank approximation and an efficient optimiza ←
→ natural language processing : state of the art , current trends and challenges ; natural language processing ( nlp ) has recently gained much attention for representing and analysing human language computationally . it has spread its applications in various fields such as machine translation , email spam detection , information extraction , summarization , medical , and question answering etc . the paper distinguishes four phases by discussing different levels of nlp and components of natural language generation ( nl ←
→ learning deep neural network representations for koopman operators of nonlinear dynamical systems ; the koopman operator has recently garnered much attention for its value in dynamical systems analysis and data - driven model discovery . however , its application has been hindered by the computational complexity of extended dynamic mode decomposition ; this requires a combinatorially large basis set to adequately describe many nonlinear systems of interest , e . g . cyber - physical infrastructure systems , biologica ←
→ characterizing driving styles with deep learning ; characterizing driving styles of human drivers using vehicle sensor data , e . g ., gps , is an interesting research problem and an important real - world requirement from automotive industries . a good representation of driving features can be highly valuable for autonomous driving , auto insurance , and many other application scenarios . however , traditional methods mainly rely on handcrafted features , which limit machine learning algorithms to achieve a better perf ←
→ efficiently discovering locally exceptional yet globally representative subgroups ; subgroup discovery is a local pattern mining technique to find interpretable descriptions of sub - populations that stand out on a given target variable . that is , these sub - populations are exceptional with regard to the global distribution . in this paper we argue that in many applications , such as scientific discovery , subgroups are only useful if they are additionally representative of the global distribution with regard to ←
→ building hierarchies of concepts via crowdsourcing ; hierarchies of concepts are useful in many applications from navigation to organization of objects . usually , a hierarchy is created in a centralized manner by employing a group of domain experts , a time - consuming and expensive process . the experts often design one single hierarchy to best explain the semantic relationships among the concepts , and ignore the natural uncertainty that may exist in the process . in this paper , we propose a crowdsourcing system ←
→ controlled hierarchical filtering : model of neocortical sensory processing ; a model of sensory information processing is presented . the model assumes that learning of internal ( hidden ) generative models , which can predict the future and evaluate the precision of that prediction , is of central importance for information extraction . furthermore , the model makes a bridge to goal - oriented systems and builds upon the structural similarity between the architecture of a robust controller and that of the hippoca ←
→ distributed cooperative q - learning for power allocation in cognitive femtocell networks ; in this paper , we propose a distributed reinforcement learning ( rl ) technique called distributed power control using q - learning ( dpc - q ) to manage the interference caused by the femtocells on macro - users in the downlink . the dpc - q leverages q - learning to identify the sub - optimal pattern of power allocation , which strives to maximize femtocell capacity , while guaranteeing macrocell capacity level in an underlay cogniti ←
→ biologically inspired feedforward supervised learning for deep self - organizing map networks ; in this study , we propose a novel deep neural network and its supervised learning method that uses a feedforward supervisory signal . the method is inspired by the human visual system and performs human - like association - based learning without any backward error propagation . the feedforward supervisory signal that produces the correct result is preceded by the target signal and associates its confirmed label with t ←
→ contextualizing citations for scientific summarization using word embeddings and domain knowledge ; citation texts are sometimes not very informative or in some cases inaccurate by themselves ; they need the appropriate context from the referenced paper to reflect its exact contributions . to address this problem , we propose an unsupervised model that uses distributed representation of words as well as domain knowledge to extract the appropriate context from the reference paper . evaluation results show the ←
→ probabilistically safe policy transfer ; although learning - based methods have great potential for robotics , one concern is that a robot that updates its parameters might cause large amounts of damage before it learns the optimal policy . we formalize the idea of safe learning in a probabilistic sense by defining an optimization problem : we desire to maximize the expected return while keeping the expected damage below a given safety limit . we study this optimization for the case of a robot manipulator with sa ←
→ dailydialog : a manually labelled multi - turn dialogue dataset ; we develop a high - quality multi - turn dialog dataset , dailydialog , which is intriguing in several aspects . the language is human - written and less noisy . the dialogues in the dataset reflect our daily communication way and cover various topics about our daily life . we also manually label the developed dataset with communication intention and emotion information . then , we evaluate existing approaches on dailydialog dataset and hope it benefit the r ←
→ linking the neural machine translation and the prediction of organic chemistry reactions ; finding the main product of a chemical reaction is one of the important problems of organic chemistry . this paper describes a method of applying a neural machine translation model to the prediction of organic chemical reactions . in order to translate ' reactants and reagents ' to ' products ', a gated recurrent unit based sequence - to - sequence model and a parser to generate input tokens for model from reaction smiles str ←
→ going wider : recurrent neural network with parallel cells ; recurrent neural network ( rnn ) has been widely applied for sequence modeling . in rnn , the hidden states at current step are full connected to those at previous step , thus the influence from less related features at previous step may potentially decrease model ' s learning ability . we propose a simple technique called parallel cells ( pcs ) to enhance the learning ability of recurrent neural network ( rnn ). in each layer , we run multiple small rnn cells ←
→ simple two - dimensional object tracking based on a graph algorithm ; the visual observation and tracking of cells and other micrometer - sized objects has many different biomedical applications . the automation of those tasks based on computer methods helps in the evaluation of such measurements . in this work , we present a general purpose algorithm that excels at evaluating deterministic behavior of micrometer - sized objects . our concrete application is the tracking of fast moving objects over large distances al ←
→ learning why things change : the difference - based causality learner ; in this paper , we present the difference - based causality learner ( dbcl ), an algorithm for learning a class of discrete - time dynamic models that represents all causation across time by means of difference equations driving change in a system . we motivate this representation with real - world mechanical systems and prove dbcl ' s correctness for learning structure from time series data , an endeavour that is complicated by the existence of laten ←
→ a multiple kernel learning approach for human behavioral task classification using stn - lfp signal ; deep brain stimulation ( dbs ) has gained increasing attention as an effective method to mitigate parkinsons disease ( pd ) disorders . existing dbs systems are open - loop such that the system parameters are not adjusted automatically based on patients behavior . classification of human behavior is an important step in the design of the next generation of dbs systems that are closed - loop . this paper presents a cla ←
→ ontology - based reasoning about the trustworthiness of cyber - physical systems ; it has been challenging for the technical and regulatory communities to formulate requirements for trustworthiness of the cyber - physical systems ( cps ) due to the complexity of the issues associated with their design , deployment , and operations . the us national institute of standards and technology ( nist ), through a public working group , has released a cps framework that adopts a broad and integrated view of cps and positions tr ←
→ total variation minimization and graph cuts for moving objects segmentation ; in this paper , we are interested in the application to video segmentation of the discrete shape optimization problem involving the shape weighted perimeter and an additional term depending on a parameter . based on recent works and in particular the one of darbon and sigelle , we justify the equivalence of the shape optimization problem and a weighted total variation regularization . for solving this problem , we adapt the projectio ←
→ what is wrong with topic modeling ? ( and how to fix it using search - based software engineering ) ; context : topic modeling finds human - readable structures in unstructured textual data . a widely used topic modeler is latent dirichlet allocation . when run on different datasets , lda suffers from " order effects " i . e . different topics are generated if the order of training data is shuffled . such order effects introduce a systematic error for any study . this error can relate to misleading results ; specifically , in ←
→ dependency networks for collaborative filtering and data visualization ; we describe a graphical model for probabilistic relationships --- an alternative to the bayesian network --- called a dependency network . the graph of a dependency network , unlike a bayesian network , is potentially cyclic . the probability component of a dependency network , like a bayesian network , is a set of conditional distributions , one for each node given its parents . we identify several basic properties of this representation and desc ←
→ hilbert ' s epsilon as an operator of indefinite committed choice ; paul bernays and david hilbert carefully avoided overspecification of hilbert ' s epsilon - operator and axiomatized only what was relevant for their proof - theoretic investigations . semantically , this left the epsilon - operator underspecified . in the meanwhile , there have been several suggestions for semantics of the epsilon as a choice operator . after reviewing the literature on semantics of hilbert ' s epsilon operator , we propose a new semantics ←
→ a neural clickbait detection engine ; in an age where people are becoming increasing likely to trust information found through online media , journalists have begun employing techniques to lure readers to articles by using catchy headlines , called clickbait . these headlines entice the user into clicking through the article whilst not providing information relevant to the headline itself . previous methods of detecting clickbait have explored techniques heavily dependent on feature engineering , with little exp ←
→ exploiting depth from single monocular images for object detection and semantic segmentation ; augmenting rgb data with measured depth has been shown to improve the performance of a range of tasks in computer vision including object detection and semantic segmentation . although depth sensors such as the microsoft kinect have facilitated easy acquisition of such depth information , the vast majority of images used in vision tasks do not contain depth information . in this paper , we show that augmenting rgb i ←
→ supervising unsupervised learning ; we introduce a framework to leverage knowledge acquired from a repository of ( heterogeneous ) supervised datasets to new unsupervised datasets . our perspective avoids the subjectivity inherent in unsupervised learning by reducing it to supervised learning , and provides a principled way to evaluate unsupervised algorithms . we demonstrate the versatility of our framework via simple agnostic bounds on unsupervised problems . in the context of clustering , our approach helps cho ←
→ adacomp : adaptive residual gradient compression for data - parallel distributed training ; highly distributed training of deep neural networks ( dnns ) on future compute platforms ( offering 100 of teraops / s of computational capacity ) is expected to be severely communication constrained . to overcome this limitation , new gradient compression techniques are needed that are computationally friendly , applicable to a wide variety of layers seen in deep neural networks and adaptable to variations in network archite ←
→ adam : a method for stochastic optimization ; we introduce adam , an algorithm for first - order gradient - based optimization of stochastic objective functions , based on adaptive estimates of lower - order moments . the method is straightforward to implement , is computationally efficient , has little memory requirements , is invariant to diagonal rescaling of the gradients , and is well suited for problems that are large in terms of data and / or parameters . the method is also appropriate for non - stationary objectives a ←
→ contravening esotery : cryptanalysis of knapsack cipher using genetic algorithms ; cryptanalysis of knapsack cipher is a fascinating problem which has eluded the computing fraternity for decades . however , in most of the cases either the time complexity of the proposed algorithm is colossal or an insufficient number of samples have been taken for verification . the present work proposes a genetic algorithm based technique for cryptanalysis of knapsack cipher . the experiments conducted prove the validity of t ←
→ dropout as a bayesian approximation : appendix ; we show that a neural network with arbitrary depth and non - linearities , with dropout applied before every weight layer , is mathematically equivalent to an approximation to a well known bayesian model . this interpretation might offer an explanation to some of dropout ' s key properties , such as its robustness to over - fitting . our interpretation allows us to reason about uncertainty in deep learning , and allows the introduction of the bayesian machinery into exist ←
→ eca : high dimensional elliptical component analysis in non - gaussian distributions ; we present a robust alternative to principal component analysis ( pca ) --- called elliptical component analysis ( eca ) --- for analyzing high dimensional , elliptically distributed data . eca estimates the eigenspace of the covariance matrix of the elliptical data . to cope with heavy - tailed elliptical distributions , a multivariate rank statistic is exploited . at the model - level , we consider two settings : either that the leadin ←
→ on the power of joint wavelet - dct features for multispectral palmprint recognition ; biometric - based identification has drawn a lot of attention in the recent years . among all biometrics , palmprint is known to possess a rich set of features . in this paper we have proposed to use dct - based features in parallel with wavelet - based ones for palmprint identification . pca is applied to the features to reduce their dimensionality and the majority voting algorithm is used to perform classification . the features i ←
→ blind , greedy , and random : ordinal approximation algorithms for matching and clustering ; we study matching and other related problems in a partial information setting where the agents ' utilities for being matched to other agents are hidden and the mechanism only has access to ordinal preference information . our model is motivated by the fact that in many settings , agents cannot express the numerical values of their utility for different outcomes , but are still able to rank the outcomes in their order of ←
→ using recurrent neural networks to optimize dynamical decoupling for quantum memory ; we utilize machine learning models which are based on recurrent neural networks to optimize dynamical decoupling ( dd ) sequences . dd is a relatively simple technique for suppressing the errors in quantum memory for certain noise models . in numerical simulations , we show that with minimum use of prior knowledge and starting from random sequences , the models are able to improve over time and eventually output dd - sequences w ←
→ users prefer guetzli jpeg over same - sized libjpeg ; we report on pairwise comparisons by human raters of jpeg images from libjpeg and our new guetzli encoder . although both files are size - matched , 75 % of ratings are in favor of guetzli . this implies the butteraugli psychovisual image similarity metric which guides guetzli is reasonably close to human perception at high quality levels . we provide access to the raw ratings and source images for further analysis and study .←
→ inter - rater agreement study on readability assessment in bengali ; an inter - rater agreement study is performed for readability assessment in bengali . a 1 - 7 rating scale was used to indicate different levels of readability . we obtained moderate to fair agreement among seven independent annotators on 30 text passages written by four eminent bengali authors . as a by product of our study , we obtained a readability - annotated ground truth dataset in bengali . .←
→ eve : explainable vector based embedding technique using wikipedia ; we present an unsupervised explainable word embedding technique , called eve , which is built upon the structure of wikipedia . the proposed model defines the dimensions of a semantic vector representing a word using human - readable labels , thereby it readily interpretable . specifically , each vector is constructed using the wikipedia category graph structure together with the wikipedia article link structure . to test the effectiveness of the pr ←
→ block - matching convolutional neural network for image denoising ; there are two main streams in up - to - date image denoising algorithms : non - local self similarity ( nss ) prior based methods and convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based methods . the nss based methods are favorable on images with regular and repetitive patterns while the cnn based methods perform better on irregular structures . in this paper , we propose a block - matching convolutional neural network ( bmcnn ) method that combines nss prior and cnn . ←
→ learning program embeddings to propagate feedback on student code ; providing feedback , both assessing final work and giving hints to stuck students , is difficult for open - ended assignments in massive online classes which can range from thousands to millions of students . we introduce a neural network method to encode programs as a linear mapping from an embedded precondition space to an embedded postcondition space and propose an algorithm for feedback at scale using these linear maps as features . we apply ←
→ using the output embedding to improve language models ; we study the topmost weight matrix of neural network language models . we show that this matrix constitutes a valid word embedding . when training language models , we recommend tying the input embedding and this output embedding . we analyze the resulting update rules and show that the tied embedding evolves in a more similar way to the output embedding than to the input embedding in the untied model . we also offer a new method of regularizing the output ←
→ faces as lighting probes via unsupervised deep highlight extraction ; we present a method for estimating detailed scene illumination using human faces in a single image . in contrast to previous works that estimate lighting in terms of low - order basis functions or distant point lights , our technique estimates illumination at a higher precision in the form of a non - parametric environment map . based on the observation that faces can exhibit strong highlight reflections from a broad range of lighting directions ←
→ parallel stochastic gradient markov chain monte carlo for matrix factorisation models ; for large matrix factorisation problems , we develop a distributed markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) method based on stochastic gradient langevin dynamics ( sgld ) that we call parallel sgld ( psgld ). psgld has very favourable scaling properties with increasing data size and is comparable in terms of computational requirements to optimisation methods based on stochastic gradient descent . psgld achieves high performance by ex ←
→ effective neural solution for multi - criteria word segmentation ; we present a simple yet elegant solution to train a single joint model on multi - criteria corpora for chinese word segmentation ( cws ). our novel design requires no private layers in model architecture , instead , introduces two artificial tokens at the beginning and ending of input sentence to specify the required target criteria . the rest of the model including long short - term memory ( lstm ) layer and conditional random fields ( crfs ) layer remain ←
→ deep binaries : encoding semantic - rich cues for efficient textual - visual cross retrieval ; cross - modal hashing is usually regarded as an effective technique for large - scale textual - visual cross retrieval , where data from different modalities are mapped into a shared hamming space for matching . most of the traditional textual - visual binary encoding methods only consider holistic image representations and fail to model descriptive sentences . this renders existing methods inappropriate to handle the rich sema ←
→ intrinsic normalization and extrinsic denormalization of formant data of vowels ; using a known speaker - intrinsic normalization procedure , formant data are scaled by the reciprocal of the geometric mean of the first three formant frequencies . this reduces the influence of the talker but results in a distorted vowel space . the proposed speaker - extrinsic procedure re - scales the normalized values by the mean formant values of vowels . when tested on the formant data of vowels published by peterson and barney ,←
→ stock market prediction from wsj : text mining via sparse matrix factorization ; we revisit the problem of predicting directional movements of stock prices based on news articles : here our algorithm uses daily articles from the wall street journal to predict the closing stock prices on the same day . we propose a unified latent space model to characterize the " co - movements " between stock prices and news articles . unlike many existing approaches , our new model is able to simultaneously leverage the correlati ←
→ optimization on submanifolds of convolution kernels in cnns ; kernel normalization methods have been employed to improve robustness of optimization methods to reparametrization of convolution kernels , covariate shift , and to accelerate training of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). however , our understanding of theoretical properties of these methods has lagged behind their success in applications . we develop a geometric framework to elucidate underlying mechanisms of a diverse range of kernel normalizat ←
→ overview of annotation creation : processes & tools ; creating linguistic annotations requires more than just a reliable annotation scheme . annotation can be a complex endeavour potentially involving many people , stages , and tools . this chapter outlines the process of creating end - to - end linguistic annotations , identifying specific tasks that researchers often perform . because tool support is so central to achieving high quality , reusable annotations with low cost , the focus is on identifying capabilities th ←
→ cost - sensitive detection with variational autoencoders for environmental acoustic sensing ; environmental acoustic sensing involves the retrieval and processing of audio signals to better understand our surroundings . while large - scale acoustic data make manual analysis infeasible , they provide a suitable playground for machine learning approaches . most existing machine learning techniques developed for environmental acoustic sensing do not provide flexible control of the trade - off between the false positi ←
→ variance reduction for faster non - convex optimization ; we consider the fundamental problem in non - convex optimization of efficiently reaching a stationary point . in contrast to the convex case , in the long history of this basic problem , the only known theoretical results on first - order non - convex optimization remain to be full gradient descent that converges in $ o ( 1 /\ varepsilon )$ iterations for smooth objectives , and stochastic gradient descent that converges in $ o ( 1 /\ varepsilon ^ 2 )$ iterations for objectiv ←
→ manifold constrained low - rank decomposition ; low - rank decomposition ( lrd ) is a state - of - the - art method for visual data reconstruction and modelling . however , it is a very challenging problem when the image data contains significant occlusion , noise , illumination variation , and misalignment from rotation or viewpoint changes . we leverage the specific structure of data in order to improve the performance of lrd when the data are not ideal . to this end , we propose a new framework that embeds manifold priors i ←
→ a neural network classifier of volume datasets ; many state - of - the art visualization techniques must be tailored to the specific type of dataset , its modality ( ct , mri , etc .), the recorded object or anatomical region ( head , spine , abdomen , etc .) and other parameters related to the data acquisition process . while parts of the information ( imaging modality and acquisition sequence ) may be obtained from the meta - data stored with the volume scan , there is important information which is not stored explicitly ( an ←
→ automatic liver lesion detection using cascaded deep residual networks ; automatic segmentation of liver lesions is a fundamental requirement towards the creation of computer aided diagnosis ( cad ) and decision support systems ( cds ). traditional segmentation approaches depend heavily upon hand - crafted features and a priori knowledge of the user . as such , these methods are difficult to adopt within a clinical environment . recently , deep learning methods based on fully convolutional networks ( fcns ) have been s ←
→ kernel reconstruction ica for sparse representation ; independent component analysis ( ica ) is an effective unsupervised tool to learn statistically independent representation . however , ica is not only sensitive to whitening but also difficult to learn an over - complete basis . consequently , ica with soft reconstruction cost ( rica ) was presented to learn sparse representations with over - complete basis even on unwhitened data . whereas rica is infeasible to represent the data with nonlinear structure due to its i ←
→ fullie and wiselie : a dual - stream recurrent convolutional attention model for activity recognition ; multimodal features play a key role in wearable sensor based human activity recognition ( har ). selecting the most salient features adaptively is a promising way to maximize the effectiveness of multimodal sensor data . in this regard , we propose a " collect fully and select wisely ( fullie and wiselie )" principle as well as a dual - stream recurrent convolutional attention model , recurrent attention and activit ←
→ neural networks and chaos : construction , evaluation of chaotic networks , and prediction of chaos with multilayer feedforward networks ; many research works deal with chaotic neural networks for various fields of application . unfortunately , up to now these networks are usually claimed to be chaotic without any mathematical proof . the purpose of this paper is to establish , based on a rigorous theoretical framework , an equivalence between chaotic iterations according to devaney and a particular class of neur ←
→ learning like a child : fast novel visual concept learning from sentence descriptions of images ; in this paper , we address the task of learning novel visual concepts , and their interactions with other concepts , from a few images with sentence descriptions . using linguistic context and visual features , our method is able to efficiently hypothesize the semantic meaning of new words and add them to its word dictionary so that they can be used to describe images which contain these novel concepts . our method ←
→ adapting to non - stationarity with growing expert ensembles ; when dealing with time series with complex non - stationarities , low retrospective regret on individual realizations is a more appropriate goal than low prospective risk in expectation . online learning algorithms provide powerful guarantees of this form , and have often been proposed for use with non - stationary processes because of their ability to switch between different forecasters or `` experts ''. however , existing methods assume that the set of e ←
→ towards metamerism via foveated style transfer ; given the recent successes of deep learning applied to style transfer and texture synthesis , we propose a new theoretical framework to construct visual metamers : \ textit { a family of perceptually identical , yet physically different images }. we review work both in neuroscience related to metameric stimuli , as well as computer vision research in style transfer . we propose our neurofovea metamer model that is based on a mixture of peripheral representations and s ←
→ microscopic muscle image enhancement ; we propose a robust image enhancement algorithm dedicated for muscle fiber specimen images captured by optical microscopes . blur or out of focus problems are prevalent in muscle images during the image acquisition stage . traditional image deconvolution methods do not work since they assume the blur kernels are known and also produce ring artifacts . we provide a compact framework which involves a novel spatially non - uniform blind deblurring approach specialized to muscl ←
→ modular deep q networks for sim - to - real transfer of visuo - motor policies ; while deep learning has had significant successes in computer vision thanks to the abundance of visual data , collecting sufficiently large real - world datasets for robot learning can be costly . to increase the practicality of these techniques on real robots , we propose a modular deep reinforcement learning method capable of transferring models trained in simulation to a real - world robotic task . we introduce a bottleneck between percep ←
→ lanidenn : multilingual language identification on character window ; in language identification , a common first step in natural language processing , we want to automatically determine the language of some input text . monolingual language identification assumes that the given document is written in one language . in multilingual language identification , the document is usually in two or three languages and we just want their names . we aim one step further and propose a method for textual language identificati ←
→ confidence estimation in deep neural networks via density modelling ; state - of - the - art deep neural networks can be easily fooled into providing incorrect high - confidence predictions for images with small amounts of adversarial noise . does this expose a flaw with deep neural networks , or do we simply need a better way to estimate confidence ? in this paper we consider the problem of accurately estimating predictive confidence . we formulate this problem as that of density modelling , and show how traditional me ←
→ the end of optimism ? an asymptotic analysis of finite - armed linear bandits ; stochastic linear bandits are a natural and simple generalisation of finite - armed bandits with numerous practical applications . current approaches focus on generalising existing techniques for finite - armed bandits , notably the optimism principle and thompson sampling . while prior work has mostly been in the worst - case setting , we analyse the asymptotic instance - dependent regret and show matching upper and lower bounds on what is ←
→ acdc : $ α $- carving decision chain for risk stratification ; in many healthcare settings , intuitive decision rules for risk stratification can help effective hospital resource allocation . this paper introduces a novel variant of decision tree algorithms that produces a chain of decisions , not a general tree . our algorithm , $\ alpha $- carving decision chain ( acdc ), sequentially carves out " pure " subsets of the majority class examples . the resulting chain of decision rules yields a pure subset of the minority cla ←
→ a hybrid approach to reasoning with partially elicited preference models ; classical decision theory provides a normative framework for representing and reasoning about complex preferences . straightforward application of this theory to automate decision making is difficult due to high elicitation cost . in response to this problem , researchers have recently developed a number of qualitative , logic - oriented approaches for representing and reasoning about references . while effectively addressing some expressiv ←
→ nearest prime simplicial complex for object recognition ; the structure representation of data distribution plays an important role in understanding the underlying mechanism of generating data . in this paper , we propose nearest prime simplicial complex approaches ( nsc ) by utilizing persistent homology to capture such structures . assuming that each class is represented with a prime simplicial complex , we classify unlabeled samples based on the nearest projection distances from the samples to the simplicial c ←
→ simulating action dynamics with neural process networks ; understanding procedural language requires anticipating the causal effects of actions , even when they are not explicitly stated . in this work , we introduce neural process networks to understand procedural text through ( neural ) simulation of action dynamics . our model complements existing memory architectures with dynamic entity tracking by explicitly modeling actions as state transformers . the model updates the states of the entities by executing lea ←
→ propagation of belief functions : a distributed approach ; in this paper , we describe a scheme for propagating belief functions in certain kinds of trees using only local computations . this scheme generalizes the computational scheme proposed by shafer and logan1 for diagnostic trees of the type studied by gordon and shortliffe , and the slightly more general scheme given by shafer for hierarchical evidence . it also generalizes the scheme proposed by pearl for bayesian causal trees ( see shenoy and shafer ). pe ←
→ bayesian inference based on stationary fokker - planck sampling ; a novel formalism for bayesian learning in the context of complex inference models is proposed . the method is based on the use of the stationary fokker -- planck ( sfp ) approach to sample from the posterior density . stationary fokker -- planck sampling generalizes the gibbs sampler algorithm for arbitrary and unknown conditional densities . by the sfp procedure approximate analytical expressions for the conditionals and marginals of the posterior can ←
→ pearl : a probabilistic chart parser ; this paper describes a natural language parsing algorithm for unrestricted text which uses a probability - based scoring function to select the " best " parse of a sentence . the parser , pearl , is a time - asynchronous bottom - up chart parser with earley - type top - down prediction which pursues the highest - scoring theory in the chart , where the score of a theory represents the extent to which the context of the sentence predicts that interpretation . this parser differs from previ ←
→ image - based correction of continuous and discontinuous non - planar axial distortion in serial section microscopy ; motivation : serial section microscopy is an established method for detailed anatomy reconstruction of biological specimen . during the last decade , high resolution electron microscopy ( em ) of serial sections has become the de - facto standard for reconstruction of neural connectivity at ever increasing scales ( em connectomics ). in serial section microscopy , the axial dimension of the volume is sa ←
→ learning linear structural equation models in polynomial time and sample complexity ; the problem of learning structural equation models ( sems ) from data is a fundamental problem in causal inference . we develop a new algorithm --- which is computationally and statistically efficient and works in the high - dimensional regime --- for learning linear sems from purely observational data with arbitrary noise distribution . we consider three aspects of the problem : identifiability , computational efficiency , and s ←
→ anchored correlation explanation : topic modeling with minimal domain knowledge ; while generative models such as latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) have proven fruitful in topic modeling , they often require detailed assumptions and careful specification of hyperparameters . such model complexity issues only compound when trying to generalize generative models to incorporate human input . we introduce correlation explanation ( corex ), an alternative approach to topic modeling that does not assume an underlying ←
→ building better nurse scheduling algorithms ; the aim of this research is twofold : firstly , to model and solve a complex nurse scheduling problem with an integer programming formulation and evolutionary algorithms . secondly , to detail a novel statistical method of comparing and hence building better scheduling algorithms by identifying successful algorithm modifications . the comparison method captures the results of algorithms in a single figure that can then be compared using traditional statistical techni ←
→ vision - based real - time aerial object localization and tracking for uav sensing system ; the paper focuses on the problem of vision - based obstacle detection and tracking for unmanned aerial vehicle navigation . a real - time object localization and tracking strategy from monocular image sequences is developed by effectively integrating the object detection and tracking into a dynamic kalman model . at the detection stage , the object of interest is automatically detected and localized from a saliency map comput ←
→ decentralized high - dimensional bayesian optimization with factor graphs ; this paper presents a novel decentralized high - dimensional bayesian optimization ( dec - hbo ) algorithm that , in contrast to existing hbo algorithms , can exploit the interdependent effects of various input components on the output of the unknown objective function f for boosting the bo performance and still preserve scalability in the number of input dimensions without requiring prior knowledge or the existence of a low ( effective ) dimen ←
→ evonf : a framework for optimization of fuzzy inference systems using neural network learning and evolutionary computation ; several adaptation techniques have been investigated to optimize fuzzy inference systems . neural network learning algorithms have been used to determine the parameters of fuzzy inference system . such models are often called as integrated neuro - fuzzy models . in an integrated neuro - fuzzy model there is no guarantee that the neural network learning algorithm converges and the tuning of ←
→ a nonlinear orthogonal non - negative matrix factorization approach to subspace clustering ; a recent theoretical analysis shows the equivalence between non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) and spectral clustering based approach to subspace clustering . as nmf and many of its variants are essentially linear , we introduce a nonlinear nmf with explicit orthogonality and derive general kernel - based orthogonal multiplicative update rules to solve the subspace clustering problem . in nonlinear orthogonal nmf fr ←
→ cross language text classification via subspace co - regularized multi - view learning ; in many multilingual text classification problems , the documents in different languages often share the same set of categories . to reduce the labeling cost of training a classification model for each individual language , it is important to transfer the label knowledge gained from one language to another language by conducting cross language classification . in this paper we develop a novel subspace co - regularized multi - vie ←
→ fine - grained categorization via cnn - based automatic extraction and integration of object - level and part - level features ; fine - grained categorization can benefit from part - based features which reveal subtle visual differences between object categories . handcrafted features have been widely used for part detection and classification . although a recent trend seeks to learn such features automatically using powerful deep learning models such as convolutional neural networks ( cnn ), their training and possibly ←
→ churn analysis using deep convolutional neural networks and autoencoders ; customer temporal behavioral data was represented as images in order to perform churn prediction by leveraging deep learning architectures prominent in image classification . supervised learning was performed on labeled data of over 6 million customers using deep convolutional neural networks , which achieved an auc of 0 . 743 on the test dataset using no more than 12 temporal features for each customer . unsupervised learning was conduct ←
→ global and local information based deep network for skin lesion segmentation ; with a large influx of dermoscopy images and a growing shortage of dermatologists , automatic dermoscopic image analysis plays an essential role in skin cancer diagnosis . in this paper , a new deep fully convolutional neural network ( fcnn ) is proposed to automatically segment melanoma out of skin images by end - to - end learning with only pixels and labels as inputs . our proposed fcnn is capable of using both local and global inform ←
→ generalized additive model selection ; we introduce gamsel ( generalized additive model selection ), a penalized likelihood approach for fitting sparse generalized additive models in high dimension . our method interpolates between null , linear and additive models by allowing the effect of each variable to be estimated as being either zero , linear , or a low - complexity curve , as determined by the data . we present a blockwise coordinate descent procedure for efficiently optimizing the penalized likelihood object ←
→ squiggle - a glyph recognizer for gesture input ; squiggle is a template - based glyph recognizer in the lineage of `$ 1 recognizer ' and ` protractor '. it seeks a good fit linear affine mapping between the input and template glyphs which are represented as a list of milestone points along the glyph path . the algorithm can recognize input glyphs invariant of rotation , scaling , skew , and reflection symmetries . in practice the algorithm is fast and robust enough to recognize user - generated glyphs as they are being ←
→ sub - optimal multi - phase path planning : a method for solving rubik ' s revenge ; rubik ' s revenge , a 4x4x4 variant of the rubik ' s puzzles , remains to date as an unsolved puzzle . that is to say , we do not have a method or successful categorization to optimally solve every one of its approximately $ 7 . 401 \ times 10 ^{ 45 }$ possible configurations . rubik ' s cube , rubik ' s revenge ' s predecessor ( 3x3x3 ), with its approximately $ 4 . 33 \ times 10 ^{ 19 }$ possible configurations , has only recently been completely solved by ro ←
→ bb8 : a scalable , accurate , robust to partial occlusion method for predicting the 3d poses of challenging objects without using depth ; we introduce a novel method for 3d object detection and pose estimation from color images only . we first use segmentation to detect the objects of interest in 2d even in presence of partial occlusions and cluttered background . by contrast with recent patch - based methods , we rely on a " holistic " approach : we apply to the detected objects a convolutional neural network ( cnn )←
→ sum - product graphical models ; this paper introduces a new probabilistic architecture called sum - product graphical model ( spgm ). spgms combine traits from sum - product networks ( spns ) and graphical models ( gms ): like spns , spgms always enable tractable inference using a class of models that incorporate context specific independence . like gms , spgms provide a high - level model interpretation in terms of conditional independence assumptions and corresponding factorizations . thus , the new architecture represents ←
→ reasoning about common knowledge with infinitely many agents ; complete axiomatizations and exponential - time decision procedures are provided for reasoning about knowledge and common knowledge when there are infinitely many agents . the results show that reasoning about knowledge and common knowledge with infinitely many agents is no harder than when there are finitely many agents , provided that we can check the cardinality of certain set differences g - g ', where g and g ' are sets of agents . since our compl ←
→ clustering and feature selection using sparse principal component analysis ; in this paper , we study the application of sparse principal component analysis ( pca ) to clustering and feature selection problems . sparse pca seeks sparse factors , or linear combinations of the data variables , explaining a maximum amount of variance in the data while having only a limited number of nonzero coefficients . pca is often used as a simple clustering technique and sparse factors allow us here to interpret the clusters i ←
→ intelligent search heuristics for cost based scheduling ; nurse scheduling is a difficult optimization problem with multiple constraints . there is extensive research in the literature solving the problem using meta - heuristics approaches . in this paper , we will investigate an intelligent search heuristics that handles cost based scheduling problem . the heuristics demonstrated superior performances compared to the original algorithms used to solve the problems described in li et . al . ( 2003 ) and ozkarahan ( 198 ←
→ unlocbox : a matlab convex optimization toolbox for proximal - splitting methods ; convex optimization is an essential tool for machine learning , as many of its problems can be formulated as minimization problems of specific objective functions . while there is a large variety of algorithms available to solve convex problems , we can argue that it becomes more and more important to focus on efficient , scalable methods that can deal with big data . when the objective function can be written as a sum of " simple " ←
→ supervised learning with quantum - inspired tensor networks ; tensor networks are efficient representations of high - dimensional tensors which have been very successful for physics and mathematics applications . we demonstrate how algorithms for optimizing such networks can be adapted to supervised learning tasks by using matrix product states ( tensor trains ) to parameterize models for classifying images . for the mnist data set we obtain less than 1 % test set classification error . we discuss how the tensor netw ←
→ probabilistic global scale estimation for monoslam based on generic object detection ; this paper proposes a novel method to estimate the global scale of a 3d reconstructed model within a kalman filtering - based monocular slam algorithm . our bayesian framework integrates height priors over the detected objects belonging to a set of broad predefined classes , based on recent advances in fast generic object detection . each observation is produced on single frames , so that we do not need a data association pro ←
→ brain tumor mri image classification with feature selection and extraction using linear discriminant analysis ; feature extraction is a method of capturing visual content of an image . the feature extraction is the process to represent raw image in its reduced form to facilitate decision making such as pattern classification . we have tried to address the problem of classification mri brain images by creating a robust and more accurate classifier which can act as an expert assistant to medical practitioners ←
→ efficient tabling mechanisms for transaction logic programs ; in this paper we present efficient evaluation algorithms for the horn transaction logic ( a generalization of the regular horn logic programs with state updates ). we present two complementary methods for optimizing the implementation of transaction logic . the first method is based on tabling and we modified the proof theory to table calls and answers on states ( practically , equivalent to dynamic programming ). the call - answer table is indexed on th ←
→ how important is weight symmetry in backpropagation ? ; gradient backpropagation ( bp ) requires symmetric feedforward and feedback connections -- the same weights must be used for forward and backward passes . this " weight transport problem " ( grossberg 1987 ) is thought to be one of the main reasons to doubt bp ' s biologically plausibility . using 15 different classification datasets , we systematically investigate to what extent bp really depends on weight symmetry . in a study that turned out to be surprisingly s ←
→ frame - and segment - level features and candidate pool evaluation for video caption generation ; we present our submission to the microsoft video to language challenge of generating short captions describing videos in the challenge dataset . our model is based on the encoder -- decoder pipeline , popular in image and video captioning systems . we propose to utilize two different kinds of video features , one to capture the video content in terms of objects and attributes , and the other to capture the motion and a ←
→ single image depth estimation by dilated deep residual convolutional neural network and soft - weight - sum inference ; this paper proposes a new residual convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture for single image depth estimation . compared with existing deep cnn based methods , our method achieves much better results with fewer training examples and model parameters . the advantages of our method come from the usage of dilated convolution , skip connection architecture and soft - weight - sum inference . exper ←
→ grafting for combinatorial boolean model using frequent itemset mining ; this paper introduces the combinatorial boolean model ( cbm ), which is defined as the class of linear combinations of conjunctions of boolean attributes . this paper addresses the issue of learning cbm from labeled data . cbm is of high knowledge interpretability but na \"{ i } ve learning of it requires exponentially large computation time with respect to data dimension and sample size . to overcome this computational difficulty , we propose a ←
→ knowledge in multi - agent systems : initial configurations and broadcast ; the semantic framework for the modal logic of knowledge due to halpern and moses provides a way to ascribe knowledge to agents in distributed and multi - agent systems . in this paper we study two special cases of this framework : full systems and hypercubes . both model static situations in which no agent has any information about another agent ' s state . full systems and hypercubes are an appropriate model for the initial configurations of ←
→ evaluating link - based techniques for detecting fake pharmacy websites ; fake online pharmacies have become increasingly pervasive , constituting over 90 % of online pharmacy websites . there is a need for fake website detection techniques capable of identifying fake online pharmacy websites with a high degree of accuracy . in this study , we compared several well - known link - based detection techniques on a large - scale test bed with the hyperlink graph encompassing over 80 million links between 15 . 5 million web pa ←
→ towards arbitrary - view face alignment by recommendation trees ; learning to simultaneously handle face alignment of arbitrary views , e . g . frontal and profile views , appears to be more challenging than we thought . the difficulties lay in i ) accommodating the complex appearance - shape relations exhibited in different views , and ii ) encompassing the varying landmark point sets due to self - occlusion and different landmark protocols . most existing studies approach this problem via training multiple viewpoint - spec ←
→ extreme sparse multinomial logistic regression : a fast and robust framework for hyperspectral image classification ; although the sparse multinomial logistic regression ( smlr ) has provided a useful tool for sparse classification , it suffers from inefficacy in dealing with high dimensional features and manually set initial regressor values . this has significantly constrained its applications for hyperspectral image ( hsi ) classification . in order to tackle these two drawbacks , an extreme sparse multinomial ←
→ predicting and explaining human semantic search in a cognitive model ; recent work has attempted to characterize the structure of semantic memory and the search algorithms which , together , best approximate human patterns of search revealed in a semantic fluency task . there are a number of models that seek to capture semantic search processes over networks , but they vary in the cognitive plausibility of their implementation . existing work has also neglected to consider the constraints that the incremental pr ←
→ classifier with hierarchical topographical maps as internal representation ; in this study we want to connect our previously proposed context - relevant topographical maps with the deep learning community . our architecture is a classifier with hidden layers that are hierarchical two - dimensional topographical maps . these maps differ from the conventional self - organizing maps in that their organizations are influenced by the context of the data labels in a top - down manner . in this way bottom - up and top - down l ←
→ boosting variational inference : an optimization perspective ; variational inference is a popular technique to approximate a possibly intractable bayesian posterior with a more tractable one . recently , boosting variational inference has been proposed as a new paradigm to approximate the posterior by a mixture of densities by greedily adding components to the mixture . however , as is the case with many other variational inference algorithms , its theoretical properties have not been studied . in the present work ←
→ shape dna : basic generating functions for geometric moment invariants ; geometric moment invariants ( gmis ) have been widely used as basic tool in shape analysis and information retrieval . their structure and characteristics determine efficiency and effectiveness . two fundamental building blocks or generating functions ( gfs ) for invariants are discovered , which are dot product and vector product of point vectors in euclidean space . the primitive invariants ( pis ) can be derived by carefully selecting differen ←
→ randomized robust subspace recovery for high dimensional data matrices ; this paper explores and analyzes two randomized designs for robust principal component analysis ( pca ) employing low - dimensional data sketching . in one design , a data sketch is constructed using random column sampling followed by low dimensional embedding , while in the other , sketching is based on random column and row sampling . both designs are shown to bring about substantial savings in complexity and memory requirements for robust su ←
→ multilabel classification with r package mlr ; we implemented several multilabel classification algorithms in the machine learning package mlr . the implemented methods are binary relevance , classifier chains , nested stacking , dependent binary relevance and stacking , which can be used with any base learner that is accessible in mlr . moreover , there is access to the multilabel classification versions of randomforestsrc and rferns . all these methods can be easily compared by different implemented multilabel pe ←
→ on optimizing human - machine task assignments ; when crowdsourcing systems are used in combination with machine inference systems in the real world , they benefit the most when the machine system is deeply integrated with the crowd workers . however , if researchers wish to integrate the crowd with " off - the - shelf " machine classifiers , this deep integration is not always possible . this work explores two strategies to increase accuracy and decrease cost under this setting . first , we show that reordering tasks pre ←
→ augur : a modeling language for data - parallel probabilistic inference ; it is time - consuming and error - prone to implement inference procedures for each new probabilistic model . probabilistic programming addresses this problem by allowing a user to specify the model and having a compiler automatically generate an inference procedure for it . for this approach to be practical , it is important to generate inference code that has reasonable performance . in this paper , we present a probabilistic programming langua ←
→ image tag completion and refinement by subspace clustering and matrix completion ; tag - based image retrieval ( tbir ) has drawn much attention in recent years due to the explosive amount of digital images and crowdsourcing tags . however , the tbir applications still suffer from the deficient and inaccurate tags provided by users . inspired by the subspace clustering methods , we formulate the tag completion problem in a subspace clustering model which assumes that images are sampled from subspaces , and complet ←
→ a deep convolutional neural network for background subtraction ; in this work , we present a novel background subtraction system that uses a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to perform the segmentation . with this approach , feature engineering and parameter tuning become unnecessary since the network parameters can be learned from data by training a single cnn that can handle various video scenes . additionally , we propose a new approach to estimate background model from video . for the training of the c ←
→ parallel complexity of forward and backward propagation ; we show that the forward and backward propagation can be formulated as a solution of lower and upper triangular systems of equations . for standard feedforward ( fnns ) and recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) the triangular systems are always block bi - diagonal , while for a general computation graph ( directed acyclic graph ) they can have a more complex triangular sparsity pattern . we discuss direct and iterative parallel algorithms that can be used for thei ←
→ on the complexity of a / b testing ; a / b testing refers to the task of determining the best option among two alternatives that yield random outcomes . we provide distribution - dependent lower bounds for the performance of a / b testing that improve over the results currently available both in the fixed - confidence ( or delta - pac ) and fixed - budget settings . when the distribution of the outcomes are gaussian , we prove that the complexity of the fixed - confidence and fixed - budget settings are equivalent , and that unifo ←
→ arianna : path recognition for indoor assisted navigation with augmented perception ; arianna stands for path recognition for indoor assisted navigation with augmented perception . it is a flexible and low cost navigation system for vi - sually impaired people . arianna permits to navigate colored paths painted or sticked on the floor revealing their directions through vibrational feedback on commercial smartphones .←
→ applying strategic multiagent planning to real - world travel sharing problems ; travel sharing , i . e ., the problem of finding parts of routes which can be shared by several travellers with different points of departure and destinations , is a complex multiagent problem that requires taking into account individual agents ' preferences to come up with mutually acceptable joint plans . in this paper , we apply state - of - the - art planning techniques to real - world public transportation data to evaluate the feasibility ←
→ high dimensional structured superposition models ; high dimensional superposition models characterize observations using parameters which can be written as a sum of multiple component parameters , each with its own structure , e . g ., sum of low rank and sparse matrices , sum of sparse and rotated sparse vectors , etc . in this paper , we consider general superposition models which allow sum of any number of component parameters , and each component structure can be characterized by any norm . we present a simple est ←
→ mavot : memory - augmented video object tracking ; we introduce a one - shot learning approach for video object tracking . the proposed algorithm requires seeing the object to be tracked only once , and employs an external memory to store and remember the evolving features of the foreground object as well as backgrounds over time during tracking . with the relevant memory retrieved and updated in each tracking , our tracking model is capable of maintaining long - term memory of the object , and thus can naturally deal ←
→ multi - target tracking and occlusion handling with learned variational bayesian clusters and a social force model ; this paper considers the problem of multiple human target tracking in a sequence of video data . a solution is proposed which is able to deal with the challenges of a varying number of targets , interactions and when every target gives rise to multiple measurements . the developed novel algorithm comprises variational bayesian clustering combined with a social force model , integrated within a pa ←
→ large scale variational bayesian inference for structured scale mixture models ; natural image statistics exhibit hierarchical dependencies across multiple scales . representing such prior knowledge in non - factorial latent tree models can boost performance of image denoising , inpainting , deconvolution or reconstruction substantially , beyond standard factorial " sparse " methodology . we derive a large scale approximate bayesian inference algorithm for linear models with non - factorial ( latent tree - structured ) ←
→ generalized laguerre reduction of the volterra kernel for practical identification of nonlinear dynamic systems ; the volterra series can be used to model a large subset of nonlinear , dynamic systems . a major drawback is the number of coefficients required model such systems . in order to reduce the number of required coefficients , laguerre polynomials are used to estimate the volterra kernels . existing literature proposes algorithms for a fixed number of volterra kernels , and laguerre series . this paper p ←
→ manifold learning with geodesic minimal spanning trees ; in the manifold learning problem one seeks to discover a smooth low dimensional surface , i . e ., a manifold embedded in a higher dimensional linear vector space , based on a set of measured sample points on the surface . in this paper we consider the closely related problem of estimating the manifold ' s intrinsic dimension and the intrinsic entropy of the sample points . specifically , we view the sample points as realizations of an unknown multivariate dens ←
→ on rendering synthetic images for training an object detector ; we propose a novel approach to synthesizing images that are effective for training object detectors . starting from a small set of real images , our algorithm estimates the rendering parameters required to synthesize similar images given a coarse 3d model of the target object . these parameters can then be reused to generate an unlimited number of training images of the object of interest in arbitrary 3d poses , which can then be used to increase c ←
→ knowledge graph embedding with multiple relation projections ; knowledge graphs contain rich relational structures of the world , and thus complement data - driven machine learning in heterogeneous data . one of the most effective methods in representing knowledge graphs is to embed symbolic relations and entities into continuous spaces , where relations are approximately linear translation between projected images of entities in the relation space . however , state - of - the - art relation projection methods such as t ←
→ a trolling hierarchy in social media and a conditional random field for trolling detection ; an - ever increasing number of social media websites , electronic newspapers and internet forums allow visitors to leave comments for others to read and interact . this exchange is not free from participants with malicious intentions , which do not contribute with the written conversation . among different communities users adopt strategies to handle such users . in this paper we present a comprehensive categorization of ←
→ survey of recent advances in visual question answering ; visual question answering ( vqa ) presents a unique challenge as it requires the ability to understand and encode the multi - modal inputs - in terms of image processing and natural language processing . the algorithm further needs to learn how to perform reasoning over this multi - modal representation so it can answer the questions correctly . this paper presents a survey of different approaches proposed to solve the problem of visual question answering . we ←
→ truth and regret in online scheduling ; we consider a scheduling problem where a cloud service provider has multiple units of a resource available over time . selfish clients submit jobs , each with an arrival time , deadline , length , and value . the service provider ' s goal is to implement a truthful online mechanism for scheduling jobs so as to maximize the social welfare of the schedule . recent work shows that under a stochastic assumption on job arrivals , there is a single - parameter family of mechanisms that ←
→ personalized web search ; personalization is important for search engines to improve user experience . most of the existing work do pure feature engineering and extract a lot of session - style features and then train a ranking model . here we proposed a novel way to model both long term and short term user behavior using multi - armed bandit algorithm . our algorithm can generalize session information across users well , and as an explore - exploit style algorithm , it can generalize to new urls and new users well . e ←
→ alternation - trading proofs , linear programming , and lower bounds ; a fertile area of recent research has demonstrated concrete polynomial time lower bounds for solving natural hard problems on restricted computational models . among these problems are satisfiability , vertex cover , hamilton path , mod6 - sat , majority - of - majority - sat , and tautologies , to name a few . the proofs of these lower bounds follow a certain proof - by - contradiction strategy that we call alternation - trading . an important open problem is to ←
→ maintaining ad - hoc communication network in area protection scenarios with adversarial agents ; we address a problem of area protection in graph - based scenarios with multiple mobile agents where connectivity is maintained among agents to ensure they can communicate . the problem consists of two adversarial teams of agents that move in an undirected graph shared by both teams . agents are placed in vertices of the graph ; at most one agent can occupy a vertex ; and they can move into adjacent vertices in a con ←
→ gagan : geometry - aware generative adversarial networks ; deep generative models learned through adversarial training have become increasingly popular for their ability to generate naturalistic image textures . however , apart from the visual texture , the visual appearance of objects is significantly affected by their shape geometry , information which is not taken into account by existing generative models . this paper introduces the geometry - aware generative adversarial network ( gagan ) for incorporating geometr ←
→ spatio - temporal covariance descriptors for action and gesture recognition ; we propose a new action and gesture recognition method based on spatio - temporal covariance descriptors and a weighted riemannian locality preserving projection approach that takes into account the curved space formed by the descriptors . the weighted projection is then exploited during boosting to create a final multiclass classification algorithm that employs the most useful spatio - temporal regions . we also show how the descriptor ←
→ pomdp - lite for robust robot planning under uncertainty ; the partially observable markov decision process ( pomdp ) provides a principled general model for planning under uncertainty . however , solving a general pomdp is computationally intractable in the worst case . this paper introduces pomdp - lite , a subclass of pomdps in which the hidden state variables are constant or only change deterministically . we show that a pomdp - lite is equivalent to a set of fully observable markov decision processes indexed by a h ←
→ a theoretical assessment of solution quality in evolutionary algorithms for the knapsack problem ; evolutionary algorithms are well suited for solving the knapsack problem . some empirical studies claim that evolutionary algorithms can produce good solutions to the 0 - 1 knapsack problem . nonetheless , few rigorous investigations address the quality of solutions that evolutionary algorithms may produce for the knapsack problem . the current paper focuses on a theoretical investigation of three types of ( n + 1 ) e ←
→ direct and real - time cardiovascular risk prediction ; coronary artery calcium ( cac ) burden quantified in low - dose chest ct is a predictor of cardiovascular events . we propose an automatic method for cac quantification , circumventing intermediate segmentation of cac . the method determines a bounding box around the heart using a convnet for localization . subsequently , a dedicated convnet analyzes axial slices within the bounding boxes to determine cac quantity by regression . a dataset of 1 , 546 baseline ct sca ←
→ maa *: a heuristic search algorithm for solving decentralized pomdps ; we present multi - agent a * ( maa *), the first complete and optimal heuristic search algorithm for solving decentralized partially - observable markov decision problems ( dec - pomdps ) with finite horizon . the algorithm is suitable for computing optimal plans for a cooperative group of agents that operate in a stochastic environment such as multirobot coordination , network traffic control , ` or distributed resource allocation . solving such problem ←
→ a convex functional for image denoising based on patches with constrained overlaps and its vectorial application to low dose differential phase tomography ; we solve the image denoising problem with a dictionary learning technique by writing a convex functional of a new form . this functional contains beside the usual sparsity inducing term and fidelity term , a new term which induces similarity between overlapping patches in the overlap regions . the functional depends on two free regularization parameter ←
→ lstm deep neural networks postfiltering for improving the quality of synthetic voices ; recent developments in speech synthesis have produced systems capable of outcome intelligible speech , but now researchers strive to create models that more accurately mimic human voices . one such development is the incorporation of multiple linguistic styles in various languages and accents . hmm - based speech synthesis is of great interest to many researchers , due to its ability to produce sophisticated features with ←
→ closed - set - based discovery of bases of association rules ; the output of an association rule miner is often huge in practice . this is why several concise lossless representations have been proposed , such as the " essential " or " representative " rules . we revisit the algorithm given by kryszkiewicz ( int . symp . intelligent data analysis 2001 , springer - verlag lncs 2189 , 350 - 359 ) for mining representative rules . we show that its output is sometimes incomplete , due to an oversight in its mathematical validation . w ←
→ efficient mrf energy propagation for video segmentation via bilateral filters ; segmentation of an object from a video is a challenging task in multimedia applications . depending on the application , automatic or interactive methods are desired ; however , regardless of the application type , efficient computation of video object segmentation is crucial for time - critical applications ; specifically , mobile and interactive applications require near real - time efficiencies . in this paper , we address the problem o ←
→ self reference in word definitions ; dictionaries are inherently circular in nature . a given word is linked to a set of alternative words ( the definition ) which in turn point to further descendants . iterating through definitions in this way , one typically finds that definitions loop back upon themselves . the graph formed by such definitional relations is our object of study . by eliminating those links which are not in loops , we arrive at a core subgraph of highly connected nodes . we observe that definitio ←
→ llnet : a deep autoencoder approach to natural low - light image enhancement ; in surveillance , monitoring and tactical reconnaissance , gathering the right visual information from a dynamic environment and accurately processing such data are essential ingredients to making informed decisions which determines the success of an operation . camera sensors are often cost - limited in ability to clearly capture objects without defects from images or videos taken in a poorly - lit environment . the goal in many applicat ←
→ a comparison of semi - deterministic and stochastic search techniques ; this paper presents an investigation of two search techniques , tabu search ( ts ) and simulated annealing ( sa ), to assess their relative merits when applied to engineering design optimisation . design optimisation problems are generally characterised as having multi - modal search spaces and discontinuities making global optimisation techniques beneficial . both techniques claim to be capable of locating globally optimum solutions on a range of ←
→ extreme stochastic variational inference : distributed and asynchronous ; we propose extreme stochastic variational inference ( esvi ), an asynchronous and lock - free algorithm to perform variational inference on massive real world datasets . stochastic variational inference ( svi ), the state - of - the - art algorithm for scaling variational inference to large - datasets , is inherently serial . moreover , it requires the parameters to fit in the memory of a single processor ; this is problematic when the number of paramete ←
→ transfer learning for diagnosis of congenital abnormalities of the kidney and urinary tract in children based on ultrasound imaging data ; classification of ultrasound ( us ) kidney images for diagnosis of congenital abnormalities of the kidney and urinary tract ( cakut ) in children is a challenging task . it is desirable to improve existing pattern classification models that are built upon conventional image features . in this study , we propose a transfer learning - based method to extract imaging features from ←
→ identification of cancer patient subgroups via smoothed shortest path graph kernel ; characterizing patient somatic mutations through next - generation sequencing technologies opens up possibilities for refining cancer subtypes . however , catalogues of mutations reveal that only a small fraction of the genes are altered frequently in patients . on the other hand different genomic alterations may perturb the same pathways . we propose a novel clustering procedure that quantifies the similarities of patients fro ←
→ volumetric reconstruction applied to perceptual studies of size and weight ; we explore the application of volumetric reconstruction from structured - light sensors in cognitive neuroscience , specifically in the quantification of the size - weight illusion , whereby humans tend to systematically perceive smaller objects as heavier . we investigate the performance of two commercial structured - light scanning systems in comparison to one we developed specifically for this application . our method has two main disti ←
→ encoding the local connectivity patterns of fmri for cognitive state classification ; in this work , we propose a novel framework to encode the local connectivity patterns of brain , using fisher vectors ( fv ), vector of locally aggregated descriptors ( vlad ) and bag - of - words ( bow ) methods . we first obtain local descriptors , called mesh arc descriptors ( mads ) from fmri data , by forming local meshes around anatomical regions , and estimating their relationship within a neighborhood . then , we extract a dictionar ←
→ map segmentation by colour cube genetic k - mean clustering ; segmentation of a colour image composed of different kinds of texture regions can be a hard problem , namely to compute for an exact texture fields and a decision of the optimum number of segmentation areas in an image when it contains similar and / or unstationary texture fields . in this work , a method is described for evolving adaptive procedures for these problems . in many real world applications data clustering constitutes a fundamental issue when ←
→ attention - set based metric learning for video face recognition ; face recognition has made great progress with the development of deep learning . however , video face recognition ( vfr ) is still an ongoing task due to various illumination , low - resolution , pose variations and motion blur . most existing cnn - based vfr methods only obtain a feature vector from a single image and simply aggregate the features in a video , which less consider the correlations of face images in one video . in this paper , we propose a n ←
→ value alignment , fair play , and the rights of service robots ; ethics and safety research in artificial intelligence is increasingly framed in terms of " alignment " with human values and interests . i argue that turing ' s call for " fair play for machines " is an early and often overlooked contribution to the alignment literature . turing ' s appeal to fair play suggests a need to correct human behavior to accommodate our machines , a surprising inversion of how value alignment is treated today . reflections on " fair ←
→ can we learn to beat the best stock ; a novel algorithm for actively trading stocks is presented . while traditional expert advice and " universal " algorithms ( as well as standard technical trading heuristics ) attempt to predict winners or trends , our approach relies on predictable statistical relations between all pairs of stocks in the market . our empirical results on historical markets provide strong evidence that this type of technical trading can " beat the market " and moreover , can beat the best stock in ←
→ viser : visual self - regularization ; in this work , we propose the use of large set of unlabeled images as a source of regularization data for learning robust visual representation . given a visual model trained by a labeled dataset in a supervised fashion , we augment our training samples by incorporating large number of unlabeled data and train a semi - supervised model . we demonstrate that our proposed learning approach leverages an abundance of unlabeled images and boosts the visual recognition performance wh ←
→ mono - camera 3d multi - object tracking using deep learning detections and pmbm filtering ; monocular cameras are one of the most commonly used sensors in the automotive industry for autonomous vehicles . one major drawback using a monocular camera is that it only makes observations in the two dimensional image plane and can not directly measure the distance to objects . in this paper , we aim at filling this gap by developing a multi - object tracking algorithm that takes an image as input and produces trajector ←
→ optimal tuning for divide - and - conquer kernel ridge regression with massive data ; we propose a first data - driven tuning procedure for divide - and - conquer kernel ridge regression ( zhang et al ., 2015 ). while the proposed criterion is computationally scalable for massive data sets , it is also shown to be asymptotically optimal under mild conditions . the effectiveness of our method is illustrated by extensive simulations and an application to million song dataset .←
→ collective decision dynamics in group evacuation : behavioral experiment and machine learning models ; identifying factors that affect human decision making and quantifying their influence remain essential and challenging tasks for the design and implementation of social and technological communication systems . we report results of a behavioral experiment involving decision making in the face of an impending natural disaster . in a controlled laboratory setting , we characterize individual and group evacuati ←
→ learning human identity from motion patterns ; we present a large - scale study exploring the capability of temporal deep neural networks to interpret natural human kinematics and introduce the first method for active biometric authentication with mobile inertial sensors . at google , we have created a first - of - its - kind dataset of human movements , passively collected by 1500 volunteers using their smartphones daily over several months . we ( 1 ) compare several neural architectures for efficient learning of tempor ←
→ predicting the severity of breast masses with data mining methods ; mammography is the most effective and available tool for breast cancer screening . however , the low positive predictive value of breast biopsy resulting from mammogram interpretation leads to approximately 70 % unnecessary biopsies with benign outcomes . data mining algorithms could be used to help physicians in their decisions to perform a breast biopsy on a suspicious lesion seen in a mammogram image or to perform a short term follow - up exam ←
→ how many topics ? stability analysis for topic models ; topic modeling refers to the task of discovering the underlying thematic structure in a text corpus , where the output is commonly presented as a report of the top terms appearing in each topic . despite the diversity of topic modeling algorithms that have been proposed , a common challenge in successfully applying these techniques is the selection of an appropriate number of topics for a given corpus . choosing too few topics will produce results that are ←
→ compositional distributional cognition ; we accommodate the integrated connectionist / symbolic architecture ( ics ) of [ 32 ] within the categorical compositional semantics ( catco ) of [ 13 ], forming a model of categorical compositional cognition ( catcog ). this resolves intrinsic problems with ics such as the fact that representations inhabit an unbounded space and that sentences with differing tree structures cannot be directly compared . we do so in a way that makes the most of the grammatical structure available ←
→ combined acoustic and pronunciation modelling for non - native speech recognition ; in this paper , we present several adaptation methods for non - native speech recognition . we have tested pronunciation modelling , mllr and map non - native pronunciation adaptation and hmm models retraining on the hiwire foreign accented english speech database . the `` phonetic confusion '' scheme we have developed consists in associating to each spoken phone several sequences of confused phones . in our experiments , we have used d ←
→ neural machine translation of rare words with subword units ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) models typically operate with a fixed vocabulary , but translation is an open - vocabulary problem . previous work addresses the translation of out - of - vocabulary words by backing off to a dictionary . in this paper , we introduce a simpler and more effective approach , making the nmt model capable of open - vocabulary translation by encoding rare and unknown words as sequences of subword units . this is based on the intuiti ←
→ c - rnn - gan : continuous recurrent neural networks with adversarial training ; generative adversarial networks have been proposed as a way of efficiently training deep generative neural networks . we propose a generative adversarial model that works on continuous sequential data , and apply it by training it on a collection of classical music . we conclude that it generates music that sounds better and better as the model is trained , report statistics on generated music , and let the reader judge the quality by ←
→ amélioration des performances des systèmes automatiques de reconnaissance de la parole pour la parole non native ; in this article , we present an approach for non native automatic speech recognition ( asr ). we propose two methods to adapt existing asr systems to the non - native accents . the first method is based on the modification of acoustic models through integration of acoustic models from the mother tong . the phonemes of the target language are pronounced in a similar manner to the native language of s ←
→ mountain peak detection in online social media ; we present a system for the classification of mountain panoramas from user - generated photographs followed by identification and extraction of mountain peaks from those panoramas . we have developed an automatic technique that , given as input a geo - tagged photograph , estimates its fov ( field of view ) and the direction of the camera using a matching algorithm on the photograph edge maps and a rendered view of the mountain silhouettes that should be seen from the ←
→ eslo : from transcription to speakers ' personal information annotation ; this paper presents the preliminary works to put online a french oral corpus and its transcription . this corpus is the socio - linguistic survey in orleans , realized in 1968 . first , we numerized the corpus , then we handwritten transcribed it with the transcriber software adding different tags about speakers , time , noise , etc . each document ( audio file and xml file of the transcription ) was described by a set of metadata stored in an xml f ←
→ incorporation of prior knowledge of the signal behavior into the reconstruction to accelerate the acquisition of mr diffusion data ; diffusion mri measurements using hyperpolarized gases are generally acquired during patient breath hold , which yields a compromise between achievable image resolution , lung coverage and number of b - values . in this work , we propose a novel method that accelerates the acquisition of mr diffusion data by undersampling in both spatial and b - value dimensions , thanks to incorporat ←
→ interpolating conditional density trees ; joint distributions over many variables are frequently modeled by decomposing them into products of simpler , lower - dimensional conditional distributions , such as in sparsely connected bayesian networks . however , automatically learning such models can be very computationally expensive when there are many datapoints and many continuous variables with complex nonlinear relationships , particularly when no good ways of decomposing the joint distribution are known a prior ←
→ approximate equalities on rough intuitionistic fuzzy sets and an analysis of approximate equalities ; in order to involve user knowledge in determining equality of sets , which may not be equal in the mathematical sense , three types of approximate ( rough ) equalities were introduced by novotny and pawlak ([ 8 , 9 , 10 ]). these notions were generalized by tripathy , mitra and ojha ([ 13 ]), who introduced the concepts of approximate ( rough ) equivalences of sets . rough equivalences capture equality of sets at a hig ←
→ bounds on the minimax rate for estimating a prior over a vc class from independent learning tasks ; we study the optimal rates of convergence for estimating a prior distribution over a vc class from a sequence of independent data sets respectively labeled by independent target functions sampled from the prior . we specifically derive upper and lower bounds on the optimal rates under a smoothness condition on the correct prior , with the number of samples per data set equal the vc dimension . these results ha ←
→ segdensenet : iris segmentation for pre and post cataract surgery ; cataract is caused due to various factors such as age , trauma , genetics , smoking and substance consumption , and radiation . it is one of the major common ophthalmic diseases worldwide which can potentially affect iris - based biometric systems . india , which hosts the largest biometrics project in the world , has about 8 million people undergoing cataract surgery annually . while existing research shows that cataract does not have a major impact o ←
→ sparse group lasso and high dimensional multinomial classification ; the sparse group lasso optimization problem is solved using a coordinate gradient descent algorithm . the algorithm is applicable to a broad class of convex loss functions . convergence of the algorithm is established , and the algorithm is used to investigate the performance of the multinomial sparse group lasso classifier . on three different real data examples the multinomial group lasso clearly outperforms multinomial lasso in terms of ach ←
→ feedforward sequential memory neural networks without recurrent feedback ; we introduce a new structure for memory neural networks , called feedforward sequential memory networks ( fsmn ), which can learn long - term dependency without using recurrent feedback . the proposed fsmn is a standard feedforward neural networks equipped with learnable sequential memory blocks in the hidden layers . in this work , we have applied fsmn to several language modeling ( lm ) tasks . experimental results have shown that the memory ←
→ local maxima in the likelihood of gaussian mixture models : structural results and algorithmic consequences ; we provide two fundamental results on the population ( infinite - sample ) likelihood function of gaussian mixture models with $ m \ geq 3 $ components . our first main result shows that the population likelihood function has bad local maxima even in the special case of equally - weighted mixtures of well - separated and spherical gaussians . we prove that the log - likelihood value of these bad local maxima can ←
→ multiple decision trees ; this paper describes experiments , on two domains , to investigate the effect of averaging over predictions of multiple decision trees , instead of using a single tree . other authors have pointed out theoretical and commonsense reasons for preferring the multiple tree approach . ideally , we would like to consider predictions from all trees , weighted by their probability . however , there is a vast number of different trees , and it is difficult to estimate the probability of each tree . we ←
→ the power mean laplacian for multilayer graph clustering ; multilayer graphs encode different kind of interactions between the same set of entities . when one wants to cluster such a multilayer graph , the natural question arises how one should merge the information different layers . we introduce in this paper a one - parameter family of matrix power means for merging the laplacians from different layers and analyze it in expectation in the stochastic block model . we show that this family allows to recover grou ←
→ multi - dueling bandits and their application to online ranker evaluation ; new ranking algorithms are continually being developed and refined , necessitating the development of efficient methods for evaluating these rankers . online ranker evaluation focuses on the challenge of efficiently determining , from implicit user feedback , which ranker out of a finite set of rankers is the best . online ranker evaluation can be modeled by dueling ban - dits , a mathematical model for online learning under limited feedback ←
→ online interpretation of numeric sign language using 2 - d skeletal model ; gesturing is one of the natural modes of human communication . signs produced by gestures can have a basic meaning coupled with additional information that is layered over the basic meaning of the sign . sign language is an important example of communicative gestures that are highly structured and well accepted across the world as a communication medium for deaf and dumb . in this paper , an online recognition scheme is proposed to interp ←
→ graph2seq : scalable learning dynamics for graphs ; neural networks have been shown to be an effective tool for learning algorithms over graph - structured data . however , graph representation techniques -- that convert graphs to real - valued vectors for use with neural networks -- are still in their infancy . recent works have proposed several approaches ( e . g ., graph convolutional networks ), but these methods have difficulty scaling and generalizing to graphs with different sizes and shapes . we present graph2seq , a ←
→ learning sparse messages in networks of neural cliques ; an extension to a recently introduced binary neural network is proposed in order to allow the learning of sparse messages , in large numbers and with high memory efficiency . this new network is justified both in biological and informational terms . the learning and retrieval rules are detailed and illustrated by various simulation results .←
→ stochastic gradient mcmc methods for hidden markov models ; stochastic gradient mcmc ( sg - mcmc ) algorithms have proven useful in scaling bayesian inference to large datasets under an assumption of i . i . d data . we instead develop an sg - mcmc algorithm to learn the parameters of hidden markov models ( hmms ) for time - dependent data . there are two challenges to applying sg - mcmc in this setting : the latent discrete states , and needing to break dependencies when considering minibatches . we consider a marginal likelih ←
→ reflexive regular equivalence for bipartite data ; bipartite data is common in data engineering and brings unique challenges , particularly when it comes to clustering tasks that impose on strong structural assumptions . this work presents an unsupervised method for assessing similarity in bipartite data . similar to some co - clustering methods , the method is based on regular equivalence in graphs . the algorithm uses spectral properties of a bipartite adjacency matrix to estimate similarity in both dimensions . ←
→ regularization - free estimation in trace regression with symmetric positive semidefinite matrices ; over the past few years , trace regression models have received considerable attention in the context of matrix completion , quantum state tomography , and compressed sensing . estimation of the underlying matrix from regularization - based approaches promoting low - rankedness , notably nuclear norm regularization , have enjoyed great popularity . in the present paper , we argue that such regularization may no longer b ←
→ abnormal object recognition : a comprehensive study ; when describing images , humans tend not to talk about the obvious , but rather mention what they find interesting . we argue that abnormalities and deviations from typicalities are among the most important components that form what is worth mentioning . in this paper we introduce the abnormality detection as a recognition problem and show how to model typicalities and , consequently , meaningful deviations from prototypical properties of categories . our model ←
→ stability bound for stationary phi - mixing and beta - mixing processes ; most generalization bounds in learning theory are based on some measure of the complexity of the hypothesis class used , independently of any algorithm . in contrast , the notion of algorithmic stability can be used to derive tight generalization bounds that are tailored to specific learning algorithms by exploiting their particular properties . however , as in much of learning theory , existing stability analyses and bounds apply only in the s ←
→ the emergence of spectral universality in deep networks ; recent work has shown that tight concentration of the entire spectrum of singular values of a deep network ' s input - output jacobian around one at initialization can speed up learning by orders of magnitude . therefore , to guide important design choices , it is important to build a full theoretical understanding of the spectra of jacobians at initialization . to this end , we leverage powerful tools from free probability theory to provide a detailed analyt ←
→ continuous adaptation via meta - learning in nonstationary and competitive environments ; ability to continuously learn and adapt from limited experience in nonstationary environments is an important milestone on the path towards general intelligence . in this paper , we cast the problem of continuous adaptation into the learning - to - learn framework . we develop a simple gradient - based meta - learning algorithm suitable for adaptation in dynamically changing and adversarial scenarios . additionally , we design a ne ←
→ creative robot dance with variational encoder ; what we appreciate in dance is the ability of people to sponta - neously improvise new movements and choreographies , sur - rendering to the music rhythm , being inspired by the cur - rent perceptions and sensations and by previous experiences , deeply stored in their memory . like other human abilities , this , of course , is challenging to reproduce in an artificial entity such as a robot . recent generations of anthropomor - phic robots , the so - called humanoids , howeve ←
→ don ' t just assume ; look and answer : overcoming priors for visual question answering ; a number of studies have found that today ' s visual question answering ( vqa ) models are heavily driven by superficial correlations in the training data and lack sufficient image grounding . to encourage development of models geared towards the latter , we propose a new setting for vqa where for every question type , train and test sets have different prior distributions of answers . specifically , we present new splits of the ←
→ template matching advances and applications in image analysis ; in most computer vision and image analysis problems , it is necessary to define a similarity measure between two or more different objects or images . template matching is a classic and fundamental method used to score similarities between objects using certain mathematical algorithms . in this paper , we reviewed the basic concept of matching , as well as advances in template matching and applications such as invariant features or novel application ←
→ achieving synergy in cognitive behavior of humanoids via deep learning of dynamic visuo - motor - attentional coordination ; the current study examines how adequate coordination among different cognitive processes including visual recognition , attention switching , action preparation and generation can be developed via learning of robots by introducing a novel model , the visuo - motor deep dynamic neural network ( vmdnn ). the proposed model is built on coupling of a dynamic vision network , a motor generation netw ←
→ theoretical formulation and analysis of the deterministic dendritic cell algorithm ; as one of the emerging algorithms in the field of artificial immune systems ( ais ), the dendritic cell algorithm ( dca ) has been successfully applied to a number of challenging real - world problems . however , one criticism is the lack of a formal definition , which could result in ambiguity for understanding the algorithm . moreover , previous investigations have mainly focused on its empirical aspects . therefore , it is necessar ←
→ a methodology for learning players ' styles from game records ; we describe a preliminary investigation into learning a chess player ' s style from game records . the method is based on attempting to learn features of a player ' s individual evaluation function using the method of temporal differences , with the aid of a conventional chess engine architecture . some encouraging results were obtained in learning the styles of two recent chess world champions , and we report on our attempt to use the learnt styles to ←
→ a bayesian multiresolution independence test for continuous variables ; in this paper we present a method ofcomputing the posterior probability ofconditional independence of two or morecontinuous variables from data , examined at several resolutions . ourapproach is motivated by theobservation that the appearance ofcontinuous data varies widely atvarious resolutions , producing verydifferent independence estimatesbetween the variablesinvolved . therefore , it is difficultto ascertain independence withoutexamining ←
→ an optimized architecture for unpaired image - to - image translation ; unpaired image - to - image translation aims to convert the image from one domain ( input domain a ) to another domain ( target domain b ), without providing paired examples for the training . the state - of - the - art , cycle - gan demonstrated the power of generative adversarial networks with cycle - consistency loss . while its results are promising , there is scope for optimization in the training process . this paper introduces a new neural network architec ←
→ software agents : completing patterns and constructing user interfaces ; to support the goal of allowing users to record and retrieve information , this paper describes an interactive note - taking system for pen - based computers with two distinctive features . first , it actively predicts what the user is going to write . second , it automatically constructs a custom , button - box user interface on request . the system is an example of a learning - apprentice software - agent . a machine learning component characterizes t ←
→ nestt : a nonconvex primal - dual splitting method for distributed and stochastic optimization ; we study a stochastic and distributed algorithm for nonconvex problems whose objective consists of a sum of $ n $ nonconvex $ l_i / n $- smooth functions , plus a nonsmooth regularizer . the proposed nonconvex primal - dual splitting ( nestt ) algorithm splits the problem into $ n $ subproblems , and utilizes an augmented lagrangian based primal - dual scheme to solve it in a distributed and stochastic manner . with a special non - u ←
→ r - phoc : segmentation - free word spotting using cnn ; this paper proposes a region based convolutional neural network for segmentation - free word spotting . our net - work takes as input an image and a set of word candidate bound - ing boxes and embeds all bounding boxes into an embedding space , where word spotting can be casted as a simple nearest neighbour search between the query representation and each of the candidate bounding boxes . we make use of phoc embedding as it has previously achieved significant suc ←
→ named entity recognition with stack residual lstm and trainable bias decoding ; recurrent neural network models are the state - of - the - art for named entity recognition ( ner ). we present two innovations to improve the performance of these models . the first innovation is the introduction of residual connections between the stacked recurrent neural network model to address the degradation problem of deep neural networks . the second innovation is a bias decoding mechanism that allows the trained system to adapt ←
→ 3d model retrieval based on semantic and shape indexes ; the size of 3d models used on the web or stored in databases is becoming increasingly high . then , an efficient method that allows users to find similar 3d objects for a given 3d model query has become necessary . keywords and the geometry of a 3d model cannot meet the needs of users ' retrieval because they do not include the semantic information . in this paper , a new method has been proposed to 3d models retrieval using semantic concepts combined with ←
→ automatically selecting inference algorithms for discrete energy minimisation ; minimisation of discrete energies defined over factors is an important problem in computer vision , and a vast number of map inference algorithms have been proposed . different inference algorithms perform better on factor graph models ( gms ) from different underlying problem classes , and in general it is difficult to know which algorithm will yield the lowest energy for a given gm . to mitigate this difficulty , survey papers advi ←
→ a large dimensional study of regularized discriminant analysis classifiers ; this article carries out a large dimensional analysis of standard regularized discriminant analysis classifiers designed on the assumption that data arise from a gaussian mixture model with different means and covariances . the analysis relies on fundamental results from random matrix theory ( rmt ) when both the number of features and the cardinality of the training data within each class grow large at the same pace . under mild ass ←
→ exploring differences in interpretation of words essential in medical expert - patient communication ; in the context of cancer treatment and surgery , quality of life assessment is a crucial part of determining treatment success and viability . in order to assess it , patients completed questionnaires which employ words to capture aspects of patients well - being are the norm . as the results of these questionnaires are often used to assess patient progress and to determine future treatment options , it is import ←
→ cell assemblies at multiple time scales with arbitrary lag constellations ; hebb ' s idea of a cell assembly as the fundamental unit of neural information processing has dominated neuroscience like no other theoretical concept within the past 60 years . a range of different physiological phenomena , from precisely synchronized spiking to broadly simultaneous rate increases , has been subsumed under this term . yet progress in this area is hampered by the lack of statistical tools that would enable to extract as ←
→ evaluating the usefulness of sentiment information for focused crawlers ; despite the prevalence of sentiment - related content on the web , there has been limited work on focused crawlers capable of effectively collecting such content . in this study , we evaluated the efficacy of using sentiment - related information for enhanced focused crawling of opinion - rich web content regarding a particular topic . we also assessed the impact of using sentiment - labeled web graphs to further improve collection accuracy . expe ←
→ towards multi - object detection and tracking in urban scenario under uncertainties ; urban - oriented autonomous vehicles require a reliable perception technology to tackle the high amount of uncertainties . the recently introduced compact 3d lidar sensor offers a surround spatial information that can be exploited to enhance the vehicle perception . we present a real - time integrated framework of multi - target object detection and tracking using 3d lidar geared toward urban use . our approach combines sensor occl ←
→ système d ' aide à l ' accès lexical : trouver le mot qu ' on a sur le bout de la langue ; the study of the tip of the tongue phenomenon ( tot ) provides valuable clues and insights concerning the organisation of the mental lexicon ( meaning , number of syllables , relation with other words , etc .). this paper describes a tool based on psycho - linguistic observations concerning the tot phenomenon . we ' ve built it to enable a speaker / writer to find the word he is looking for , word he may know , but which he is unable to ←
→ afp algorithm and a canonical normal form for horn formulas ; afp algorithm is a learning algorithm for horn formulas . we show that it does not improve the complexity of afp algorithm , if after each negative counterexample more that just one refinements are performed . moreover , a canonical normal form for horn formulas is presented , and it is proved that the output formula of afp algorithm is in this normal form .←
→ on the underestimation of model uncertainty by bayesian k - nearest neighbors ; when using the k - nearest neighbors method , one often ignores uncertainty in the choice of k . to account for such uncertainty , holmes and adams ( 2002 ) proposed a bayesian framework for k - nearest neighbors ( knn ). their bayesian knn ( bknn ) approach uses a pseudo - likelihood function , and standard markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) techniques to draw posterior samples . holmes and adams ( 2002 ) focused on the performance of bknn in terms ←
→ ensemble methods for convex regression with applications to geometric programming based circuit design ; convex regression is a promising area for bridging statistical estimation and deterministic convex optimization . new piecewise linear convex regression methods are fast and scalable , but can have instability when used to approximate constraints or objective functions for optimization . ensemble methods , like bagging , smearing and random partitioning , can alleviate this problem and maintain the theoretic ←
→ une approche csp pour l ' aide à la localisation d ' erreurs ; we introduce in this paper a new cp - based approach to support errors location in a program for which a counter - example is available , i . e . an instantiation of the input variables that violates the post - condition . to provide helpful information for error location , we generate a constraint system for the paths of the cfg ( control flow graph ) for which at most k conditional statements may be erroneous . then , we calculate minimal correction sets ( mcs ) of ←
→ dropoutdagger : a bayesian approach to safe imitation learning ; while imitation learning is becoming common practice in robotics , this approach often suffers from data mismatch and compounding errors . dagger is an iterative algorithm that addresses these issues by continually aggregating training data from both the expert and novice policies , but does not consider the impact of safety . we present a probabilistic extension to dagger , which uses the distribution over actions provided by the novice policy , for ←
→ on the depth of deep neural networks : a theoretical view ; people believe that depth plays an important role in success of deep neural networks ( dnn ). however , this belief lacks solid theoretical justifications as far as we know . we investigate role of depth from perspective of margin bound . in margin bound , expected error is upper bounded by empirical margin error plus rademacher average ( ra ) based capacity term . first , we derive an upper bound for ra of dnn , and show that it increases with increasing dept ←
→ a new approach for scalable analysis of microbial communities ; microbial communities play important roles in the function and maintenance of various biosystems , ranging from human body to the environment . current methods for analysis of microbial communities are typically based on taxonomic phylogenetic alignment using 16s rrna metagenomic or whole genome sequencing data . in typical characterizations of microbial communities , studies deal with billions of micobial sequences , aligning them to a phylogenetic ←
→ universal dependencies parsing for colloquial singaporean english ; singlish can be interesting to the acl community both linguistically as a major creole based on english , and computationally for information extraction and sentiment analysis of regional social media . we investigate dependency parsing of singlish by constructing a dependency treebank under the universal dependencies scheme , and then training a neural network model by integrating english syntactic knowledge into a state - of - the - art parser tra ←
→ a survey on phrase structure learning methods for text classification ; text classification is a task of automatic classification of text into one of the predefined categories . the problem of text classification has been widely studied in different communities like natural language processing , data mining and information retrieval . text classification is an important constituent in many information management tasks like topic identification , spam filtering , email routing , language identification , genre clas ←
→ an efficient decomposition framework for discriminative segmentation with supermodular losses ; several supermodular losses have been shown to improve the perceptual quality of image segmentation in a discriminative framework such as a structured output support vector machine ( svm ). these loss functions do not necessarily have the same structure as the one used by the segmentation inference algorithm , and in general , we may have to resort to generic submodular minimization algorithms for loss augmented in ←
→ ct - mapper : mapping sparse multimodal cellular trajectories using a multilayer transportation network ; mobile phone data have recently become an attractive source of information about mobility behavior . since cell phone data can be captured in a passive way for a large user population , they can be harnessed to collect well - sampled mobility information . in this paper , we propose ct - mapper , an unsupervised algorithm that enables the mapping of mobile phone traces over a multimodal transport network . one of ←
→ causal graph justifications of logic programs ; in this work we propose a multi - valued extension of logic programs under the stable models semantics where each true atom in a model is associated with a set of justifications . these justifications are expressed in terms of causal graphs formed by rule labels and edges that represent their application ordering . for positive programs , we show that the causal justifications obtained for a given atom have a direct correspon - dence to ( relevant ) syntactic proofs o ←
→ reliable force aggregation using a refined evidence specification from dempster - shafer clustering ; in this paper we develop methods for selection of templates and use these templates to recluster an already performed dempster - shafer clustering taking into account intelligence to template fit during the reclustering phase . by this process the risk of erroneous force aggregation based on some misplace pieces of evidence from the first clustering process is greatly reduced . finally , a more reliable force ag ←
→ robust multi - image hdr reconstruction for the modulo camera ; photographing scenes with high dynamic range ( hdr ) poses great challenges to consumer cameras with their limited sensor bit depth . to address this , zhao et al . recently proposed a novel sensor concept - the modulo camera - which captures the least significant bits of the recorded scene instead of going into saturation . similar to conventional pipelines , hdr images can be reconstructed from multiple exposures , but significantly fewer images are ne ←
→ hyper - hue and emap on hyperspectral images for supervised layer decomposition of old master drawings ; old master drawings were mostly created step by step in several layers using different materials . to art historians and restorers , examination of these layers brings various insights into the artistic work process and helps to answer questions about the object , its attribution and its authenticity . however , these layers typically overlap and are oftentimes difficult to differentiate with the unaided eye .←
→ the power of modeling - a response to pddl2 . 1 ; in this commentary i argue that although pddl is a very useful standard for the planning competition , its design does not properly consider the issue of domain modeling . hence , i would not advocate its use in specifying planning domains outside of the context of the planning competition . rather , the field needs to explore different approaches and grapple more directly with the problem of effectively modeling and utilizing all of the diverse pieces of knowledge ←
→ where ' ignoring delete lists ' works : local search topology in planning benchmarks ; between 1998 and 2004 , the planning community has seen vast progress in terms of the sizes of benchmark examples that domain - independent planners can tackle successfully . the key technique behind this progress is the use of heuristic functions based on relaxing the planning task at hand , where the relaxation is to assume that all delete lists are empty . the unprecedented success of such methods , in many commonly used bench ←
→ corpus - level fine - grained entity typing using contextual information ; this paper addresses the problem of corpus - level entity typing , i . e ., inferring from a large corpus that an entity is a member of a class such as " food " or " artist ". the application of entity typing we are interested in is knowledge base completion , specifically , to learn which classes an entity is a member of . we propose figment to tackle this problem . figment is embedding - based and combines ( i ) a global model that scores based on aggre ←
→ tradeoffs between convergence speed and reconstruction accuracy in inverse problems ; solving inverse problems with iterative algorithms is popular , especially for large data . due to time constraints , the number of possible iterations is usually limited , potentially affecting the achievable accuracy . given an error one is willing to tolerate , an important question is whether it is possible to modify the original iterations to obtain faster convergence to a minimizer achieving the allowed error without inc ←
→ intelligent subset selection of power generators for economic dispatch ; sustainable and economical generation of electrical power is an essential and mandatory component of infrastructure in today ' s world . optimal generation ( generator subset selection ) of power requires a careful evaluation of various factors like type of source , generation , transmission & storage capacities , congestion among others which makes this a difficult task . we created a grid to simulate various conditions including stimuli like ←
→ robust seed mask generation for interactive image segmentation ; in interactive medical image segmentation , anatomical structures are extracted from reconstructed volumetric images . the first iterations of user interaction traditionally consist of drawing pictorial hints as an initial estimate of the object to extract . only after this time consuming first phase , the efficient selective refinement of current segmentation results begins . erroneously labeled seeds , especially near the border of the object , are ←
→ a deep learning approach to data - driven parameterizations for statistical parametric speech synthesis ; nearly all statistical parametric speech synthesizers today use mel cepstral coefficients as the vocal tract parameterization of the speech signal . mel cepstral coefficients were never intended to work in a parametric speech synthesis framework , but as yet , there has been little success in creating a better parameterization that is more suited to synthesis . in this paper , we use deep learning algorithms ←
→ relaxing exclusive control in boolean games ; in the typical framework for boolean games ( bg ) each player can change the truth value of some propositional atoms , while attempting to make her goal true . in standard bg goals are propositional formulas , whereas in iterated bg goals are formulas of linear temporal logic . both notions of bg are characterised by the fact that agents have exclusive control over their set of atoms , meaning that no two agents can control the same atom . in the present contribution we ←
→ iterative policy learning in end - to - end trainable task - oriented neural dialog models ; in this paper , we present a deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) framework for iterative dialog policy optimization in end - to - end task - oriented dialog systems . popular approaches in learning dialog policy with rl include letting a dialog agent to learn against a user simulator . building a reliable user simulator , however , is not trivial , often as difficult as building a good dialog agent . we address this challenge by jointl ←
→ generalizing prototype theory : a formal quantum framework ; theories of natural language and concepts have been unable to model the flexibility , creativity , context - dependence , and emergence , exhibited by words , concepts and their combinations . the mathematical formalism of quantum theory has instead been successful in capturing these phenomena such as graded membership , situational meaning , composition of categories , and also more complex decision making situations , which cannot be modeled in traditional p ←
→ differential geometric retrieval of deep features ; comparing images to recommend items from an image - inventory is a subject of continued interest . added with the scalability of deep - learning architectures the once ` manual ' job of hand - crafting features have been largely alleviated , and images can be compared according to features generated from a deep convolutional neural network . in this paper , we compare distance metrics ( and divergences ) to rank features generated from a neural network , for content - base ←
→ approximate inference and constrained optimization ; loopy and generalized belief propagation are popular algorithms for approximate inference in markov random fields and bayesian networks . fixed points of these algorithms correspond to extrema of the bethe and kikuchi free energy . however , belief propagation does not always converge , which explains the need for approaches that explicitly minimize the kikuchi / bethe free energy , such as cccp and ups . here we describe a class of algorithms that solves this ty ←
→ unsupervised learning in a framework of information compression by multiple alignment , unification and search ; this paper describes a novel approach to unsupervised learning that has been developed within a framework of " information compression by multiple alignment , unification and search " ( icmaus ), designed to integrate learning with other ai functions such as parsing and production of language , fuzzy pattern recognition , probabilistic and exact forms of reasoning , and others .←
→ a simple approach to building ensembles of naive bayesian classifiers for word sense disambiguation ; this paper presents a corpus - based approach to word sense disambiguation that builds an ensemble of naive bayesian classifiers , each of which is based on lexical features that represent co -- occurring words in varying sized windows of context . despite the simplicity of this approach , empirical results disambiguating the widely studied nouns line and interest show that such an ensemble achieves accuracy riv ←
→ extension of max - min ant system with exponential pheromone deposition rule ; the paper presents an exponential pheromone deposition approach to improve the performance of classical ant system algorithm which employs uniform deposition rule . a simplified analysis using differential equations is carried out to study the stability of basic ant system dynamics with both exponential and constant deposition rules . a roadmap of connected cities , where the shortest path between two specified cities are to be foun ←
→ electre tri - machine learning approach to the record linkage problem ; in this short paper , the electre tri - machine learning method , generally used to solve ordinal classification problems , is proposed for solving the record linkage problem . preliminary experimental results show that , using the electre tri method , high accuracy can be achieved and more than 99 % of the matches and nonmatches were correctly identified by the procedure .←
→ explaining the logical nature of electrical solitons in neural circuits ; neurons are modeled electrically based on ferroelectric membranes thin enough to permit charge transfer , conjectured to be the tunneling result of thermally energetic ions and random electrons . these membranes can be triggered to produce electrical solitons , the main signals for brain associative memory and logical processing . dendritic circuits are modeled , and electrical solitons are simulated to demonstrate the nature of soliton pr ←
→ an innovative skin detection approach using color based image retrieval technique ; from the late 90th , " skin detection " becomes one of the major problems in image processing . if " skin detection " will be done in high accuracy , it can be used in many cases as face recognition , human tracking and etc . until now so many methods were presented for solving this problem . in most of these methods , color space was used to extract feature vector for classifying pixels , but the most of them have not good accuracy i ←
→ conditional generative adversarial nets ; generative adversarial nets [ 8 ] were recently introduced as a novel way to train generative models . in this work we introduce the conditional version of generative adversarial nets , which can be constructed by simply feeding the data , y , we wish to condition on to both the generator and discriminator . we show that this model can generate mnist digits conditioned on class labels . we also illustrate how this model could be used to learn a multi - modal model , and provid ←
→ a comprehensive review of image enhancement techniques ; principle objective of image enhancement is to process an image so that result is more suitable than original image for specific application . digital image enhancement techniques provide a multitude of choices for improving the visual quality of images . appropriate choice of such techniques is greatly influenced by the imaging modality , task at hand and viewing conditions . this paper will provide an overview of underlying concepts , along with algorith ←
→( re ) configuration based on model generation ; reconfiguration is an important activity for companies selling configurable products or services which have a long life time . however , identification of a set of required changes in a legacy configuration is a hard problem , since even small changes in the requirements might imply significant modifications . in this paper we show a solution based on answer set programming , which is a logic - based knowledge representation formalism well suited for a compact descript ←
→ data programming : creating large training sets , quickly ; large labeled training sets are the critical building blocks of supervised learning methods and are key enablers of deep learning techniques . for some applications , creating labeled training sets is the most time - consuming and expensive part of applying machine learning . we therefore propose a paradigm for the programmatic creation of training sets called data programming in which users express weak supervision strategies or domain heuristics as labe ←
→ multi - face tracking by extended bag - of - tracklets in egocentric videos ; wearable cameras offer a hands - free way to record egocentric images of daily experiences , where social events are of special interest . the first step towards detection of social events is to track the appearance of multiple persons involved in it . in this paper , we propose a novel method to find correspondences of multiple faces in low temporal resolution egocentric videos acquired through a wearable camera . this kind of photo - stream im ←
→ ep - gig priors and applications in bayesian sparse learning ; in this paper we propose a novel framework for the construction of sparsity - inducing priors . in particular , we define such priors as a mixture of exponential power distributions with a generalized inverse gaussian density ( ep - gig ). ep - gig is a variant of generalized hyperbolic distributions , and the special cases include gaussian scale mixtures and laplace scale mixtures . furthermore , laplace scale mixtures can subserve a bayesian framework for sp ←
→ virtual cnn branching : efficient feature ensemble for person re - identification ; in this paper we introduce an ensemble method for convolutional neural network ( cnn ), called " virtual branching ," which can be implemented with nearly no additional parameters and computation on top of standard cnns . we propose our method in the context of person re - identification ( re - id ). our cnn model consists of shared bottom layers , followed by " virtual " branches , where neurons from a block of regular convolutional and fu ←
→ accessible melanoma detection using smartphones and mobile image analysis ; we investigate the design of an entire mobile imaging system for early detection of melanoma . different from previous work , we focus on smartphone - captured visible light images . our design addresses two major challenges . first , images acquired using a smartphone under loosely - controlled environmental conditions may be subject to various distortions , and this makes melanoma detection more difficult . second , processing performed on ←
→ universal consistency and robustness of localized support vector machines ; the massive amount of available data potentially used to discover patters in machine learning is a challenge for kernel based algorithms with respect to runtime and storage capacities . local approaches might help to relieve these issues . from a statistical point of view local approaches allow additionally to deal with different structures in the data in different ways . this paper analyses properties of localized kernel based , non -←
→ one deep music representation to rule them all ? : a comparative analysis of different representation learning strategies ; inspired by the success of deploying deep learning in the fields of computer vision and natural language processing , this learning paradigm has also found its way into the field of music information retrieval . in order to benefit from deep learning in an effective , but also efficient manner , deep transfer learning has become a common approach . in this approach , it is possible to reuse ←
→ efficient approximation for triangulation of minimum treewidth ; we present four novel approximation algorithms for finding triangulation of minimum treewidth . two of the algorithms improve on the running times of algorithms by robertson and seymour , and becker and geiger that approximate the optimum by factors of 4 and 3 2 / 3 , respectively . a third algorithm is faster than those but gives an approximation factor of 4 1 / 2 . the last algorithm is yet faster , producing factor - o ( lg / k ) approximations in polynomia ←
→ a novel evolutionary formulation of the maximum independent set problem ; we introduce a novel evolutionary formulation of the problem of finding a maximum independent set of a graph . the new formulation is based on the relationship that exists between a graph ' s independence number and its acyclic orientations . it views such orientations as individuals and evolves them with the aid of evolutionary operators that are very heavily based on the structure of the graph and its acyclic orientations . the resulting ←
→ robust sparse blind source separation ; blind source separation is a widely used technique to analyze multichannel data . in many real - world applications , its results can be significantly hampered by the presence of unknown outliers . in this paper , a novel algorithm coined rgmca ( robust generalized morphological component analysis ) is introduced to retrieve sparse sources in the presence of outliers . it explicitly estimates the sources , the mixing matrix , and the outliers . it also takes advantage of the esti ←
→ a new approach to draw detection by move repetition in computer chess programming ; we will try to tackle both the theoretical and practical aspects of a very important problem in chess programming as stated in the title of this article - the issue of draw detection by move repetition . the standard approach that has so far been employed in most chess programs is based on utilising positional matrices in original and compressed format as well as on the implementation of the so - called bitboard format . the ←
→ forecasting of indian rupee ( inr ) / us dollar ( usd ) currency exchange rate using artificial neural network ; a large part of the workforce , and growing every day , is originally from india . india one of the second largest populations in the world , they have a lot to offer in terms of jobs . the sheer number of it workers makes them a formidable travelling force as well , easily picking up employment in english speaking countries . the beginning of the economic crises since 2008 september , many indians have re ←
→ machine cognition models : epam and gps ; through history , the human being tried to relay its daily tasks to other creatures , which was the main reason behind the rise of civilizations . it started with deploying animals to automate tasks in the field of agriculture ( bulls ), transportation ( e . g . horses and donkeys ), and even communication ( pigeons ). millenniums after , come the golden age with " al - jazari " and other muslim inventors , which were the pioneers of automation , this has given birth to industrial revol ←
→ incorporating depth into both cnn and crf for indoor semantic segmentation ; to improve segmentation performance , a novel neural network architecture ( termed dfcn - dcrf ) is proposed , which combines an rgb - d fully convolutional neural network ( dfcn ) with a depth - sensitive fully - connected conditional random field ( dcrf ). first , a dfcn architecture which fuses depth information into the early layers and applies dilated convolution for later contextual reasoning is designed . then , a depth - sensitive fully - conne ←
→ fast graph - based object segmentation for rgb - d images ; object segmentation is an important capability for robotic systems , in particular for grasping . we present a graph - based approach for the segmentation of simple objects from rgb - d images . we are interested in segmenting objects with large variety in appearance , from lack of texture to strong textures , for the task of robotic grasping . the algorithm does not rely on image features or machine learning . we propose a modified canny edge detector for extra ←
→ deep recurrent neural network for protein function prediction from sequence ; as high - throughput biological sequencing becomes faster and cheaper , the need to extract useful information from sequencing becomes ever more paramount , often limited by low - throughput experimental characterizations . for proteins , accurate prediction of their functions directly from their primary amino - acid sequences has been a long standing challenge . here , machine learning using artificial recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) was a ←
→ set2model networks : learning discriminatively to learn generative models ; we present a new " learning - to - learn "- type approach that enables rapid learning of concepts from small - to - medium sized training sets and is primarily designed for web - initialized image retrieval . at the core of our approach is a deep architecture ( a set2model network ) that maps sets of examples to simple generative probabilistic models such as gaussians or mixtures of gaussians in the space of high - dimensional descriptors . the paramet ←
→ the word entropy of natural languages ; the average uncertainty associated with words is an information - theoretic concept at the heart of quantitative and computational linguistics . the entropy has been established as a measure of this average uncertainty - also called average information content . we here use parallel texts of 21 languages to establish the number of tokens at which word entropies converge to stable values . these convergence points are then used to select texts from a massively parallel corp ←
→ collaborative multi - sensor classification via sparsity - based representation ; in this paper , we propose a general collaborative sparse representation framework for multi - sensor classification , which takes into account the correlations as well as complementary information between heterogeneous sensors simultaneously while considering joint sparsity within each sensor ' s observations . we also robustify our models to deal with the presence of sparse noise and low - rank interference signals . specifically , we de ←
→ joint gaussian processes for biophysical parameter retrieval ; solving inverse problems is central to geosciences and remote sensing . radiative transfer models ( rtms ) represent mathematically the physical laws which govern the phenomena in remote sensing applications ( forward models ). the numerical inversion of the rtm equations is a challenging and computationally demanding problem , and for this reason , often the application of a nonlinear statistical regression is preferred . in general , regression models ←
→ slim embedding layers for recurrent neural language models ; recurrent neural language models are the state - of - the - art models for language modeling . when the vocabulary size is large , the space taken to store the model parameters becomes the bottleneck for the use of recurrent neural language models . in this paper , we introduce a simple space compression method that randomly shares the structured parameters at both the input and output embedding layers of the recurrent neural language models to significantl ←
→ a novel architecture for question classification based indexing scheme for efficient question answering ; question answering system can be seen as the next step in information retrieval , allowing users to pose question in natural language and receive compact answers . for the question answering system to be successful , research has shown that the correct classification of question with respect to the expected answer type is requisite . we propose a novel architecture for question classification and searchin ←
→ bernoulli rank -$ 1 $ bandits for click feedback ; the probability that a user will click a search result depends both on its relevance and its position on the results page . the position based model explains this behavior by ascribing to every item an attraction probability , and to every position an examination probability . to be clicked , a result must be both attractive and examined . the probabilities of an item - position pair being clicked thus form the entries of a rank -$ 1 $ matrix . we propose the learning pr ←
→ binary matrix completion using unobserved entries ; a matrix completion problem , which aims to recover a complete matrix from its partial observations , is one of the important problems in the machine learning field and has been studied actively . however , there is a discrepancy between the mainstream problem setting , which assumes continuous - valued observations , and some practical applications such as recommendation systems and sns link predictions where observations take discrete or even binary values . to c ←
→ vehicle detection and tracking techniques : a concise review ; vehicle detection and tracking applications play an important role for civilian and military applications such as in highway traffic surveillance control , management and urban traffic planning . vehicle detection process on road are used for vehicle tracking , counts , average speed of each individual vehicle , traffic analysis and vehicle categorizing objectives and may be implemented under different environments changes . in this review , we present ←
→ holographic embeddings of knowledge graphs ; learning embeddings of entities and relations is an efficient and versatile method to perform machine learning on relational data such as knowledge graphs . in this work , we propose holographic embeddings ( hole ) to learn compositional vector space representations of entire knowledge graphs . the proposed method is related to holographic models of associative memory in that it employs circular correlation to create compositional representations . by using correlation ←
→ block coordinate descent for deep learning : unified convergence guarantees ; training deep neural networks ( dnns ) efficiently is a challenge due to the associated highly nonconvex optimization . recently , the efficiency of the block coordinate descent ( bcd ) type methods has been empirically illustrated for dnn training . the main idea of bcd is to decompose the highly composite and nonconvex dnn training problem into several almost separable simple subproblems . however , their convergence property has not be ←
→ nonlinear filter based image denoising using amf approach ; this paper proposes a new technique based on nonlinear adaptive median filter ( amf ) for image restoration . image denoising is a common procedure in digital image processing aiming at the removal of noise , which may corrupt an image during its acquisition or transmission , while retaining its quality . this procedure is traditionally performed in the spatial or frequency domain by filtering . the aim of image enhancement is to reconstruct the true imag ←
→ shape - color differential moment invariants under affine transformations ; we propose the general construction formula of shape - color primitives by using partial differentials of each color channel in this paper . by using all kinds of shape - color primitives , shape - color differential moment invariants can be constructed very easily , which are invariant to the shape affine and color affine transforms . 50 instances of scdmis are obtained finally . in experiments , several commonly used color descriptors and scdmi ←
→ symmetry based cluster approach for automatic recognition of the epileptic focus in brain using pet scan image : an analysis ; recognition of epileptic focal point is the important diagnosis when screening the epilepsy patients for latent surgical cures . the accurate localization is challenging one because of the low spatial resolution images with more noisy data . positron emission tomography ( pet ) has now replaced the issues and caring a high resolution . this paper focuses the research of automated local ←
→ deepsense : a unified deep learning framework for time - series mobile sensing data processing ; mobile sensing applications usually require time - series inputs from sensors . some applications , such as tracking , can use sensed acceleration and rate of rotation to calculate displacement based on physical system models . other applications , such as activity recognition , extract manually designed features from sensor inputs for classification . such applications face two challenges . on one hand , on - device sensor m ←
→ rtseg : real - time semantic segmentation comparative study ; semantic segmentation benefits robotics related applications especially autonomous driving . most of the research on semantic segmentation is only on increasing the accuracy of segmentation models with little attention to computationally efficient solutions . the few work conducted in this direction does not provide principled methods to evaluate the different design choices for segmentation . in this paper , we address this gap by presenting a real - tim ←
→ development and validation of deep learning algorithms for detection of critical findings in head ct scans ; importance : non - contrast head ct scan is the current standard for initial imaging of patients with head trauma or stroke symptoms . objective : to develop and validate a set of deep learning algorithms for automated detection of following key findings from non - contrast head ct scans : intracranial hemorrhage ( ich ) and its types , intraparenchymal ( iph ), intraventricular ( ivh ), subdural ( sdh ), extradu ←
→ coregionalised locomotion envelopes - a qualitative approach ; ' sharing of statistical strength ' is a phrase often employed in machine learning and signal processing . in sensor networks , for example , missing signals from certain sensors may be predicted by exploiting their correlation with observed signals acquired from other sensors . for humans , our hands move synchronously with our legs , and we can exploit these implicit correlations for predicting new poses and for generating new natural - looking walking ←
→ causal regularization ; in application domains such as healthcare , we want accurate predictive models that are also causally interpretable . in pursuit of such models , we propose a causal regularizer to steer predictive models towards causally - interpretable solutions and theoretically study its properties . in a large - scale analysis of electronic health records ( ehr ), our causally - regularized model outperforms its l1 - regularized counterpart in causal accuracy and is competitive in predictive performance . we p ←
→ supervised syntax - based alignment between english sentences and abstract meaning representation graphs ; as alignment links are not given between english sentences and abstract meaning representation ( amr ) graphs in the amr annotation , automatic alignment becomes indispensable for training an amr parser . previous studies formalize it as a string - to - string problem and solve it in an unsupervised way , which suffers from data sparseness due to the small size of training data for english - amr alignment . in thi ←
→ a kinematic chain space for monocular motion capture ; this paper deals with motion capture of kinematic chains ( e . g . human skeletons ) from monocular image sequences taken by uncalibrated cameras . we present a method based on projecting an observation into a kinematic chain space ( kcs ). an optimization of the nuclear norm is proposed that implicitly enforces structural properties of the kinematic chain . unlike other approaches our method does not require specific camera or object motion and is not relying o ←
→ brainstorming : consensus learning in practice ; we present here an introduction to brainstorming approach , that was recently proposed as a consensus meta - learning technique , and used in several practical applications in bioinformatics and chemoinformatics . the consensus learning denotes heterogeneous theoretical classification method , where one trains an ensemble of machine learning algorithms using different types of input training data representations . in the second step all solutions are gathered and the ←
→ gradient estimators for implicit models ; implicit models , which allow for the generation of samples but not for point - wise evaluation of probabilities , are omnipresent in real - world problems tackled by machine learning and a hot topic of current research . some examples include data simulators that are widely used in engineering and scientific research , generative adversarial networks ( gans ) for image synthesis , and hot - off - the - press approximate inference techniques relying on implicit distributions . the ma ←
→ ursa : a system for uniform reduction to sat ; there are a huge number of problems , from various areas , being solved by reducing them to sat . however , for many applications , translation into sat is performed by specialized , problem - specific tools . in this paper we describe a new system for uniform solving of a wide class of problems by reducing them to sat . the system uses a new specification language ursa that combines imperative and declarative programming paradigms . the reduction to sat is defined precise ←
→ fast svm training using approximate extreme points ; applications of non - linear kernel support vector machines ( svms ) to large datasets is seriously hampered by its excessive training time . we propose a modification , called the approximate extreme points support vector machine ( aesvm ), that is aimed at overcoming this burden . our approach relies on conducting the svm optimization over a carefully selected subset , called the representative set , of the training dataset . we present analytical results that indi ←
→ learning determinantal point processes ; determinantal point processes ( dpps ), which arise in random matrix theory and quantum physics , are natural models for subset selection problems where diversity is preferred . among many remarkable properties , dpps offer tractable algorithms for exact inference , including computing marginal probabilities and sampling ; however , an important open question has been how to learn a dpp from labeled training data . in this paper we propose a natural feature - based parameteriza ←
→ a group theoretic perspective on unsupervised deep learning ; why does deep learning work ? what representations does it capture ? how do higher - order representations emerge ? we study these questions from the perspective of group theory , thereby opening a new approach towards a theory of deep learning . one factor behind the recent resurgence of the subject is a key algorithmic step called {\ em pretraining }: first search for a good generative model for the input samples , and repeat the process one layer at a ←
→ fish school search algorithm for constrained optimization ; in this work we investigate the effectiveness of the application of niching able swarm metaheuristic approaches in order to solve constrained optimization problems . sub - swarms are used in order to allow the achievement of many feasible regions to be exploited in terms of fitness function . the niching approach employed was wfss , a version of the fish school search algorithm devised specifically to deal with multi - modal search spaces . a base techniqu ←
→ sphereface : deep hypersphere embedding for face recognition ; this paper addresses deep face recognition ( fr ) problem under open - set protocol , where ideal face features are expected to have smaller maximal intra - class distance than minimal inter - class distance under a suitably chosen metric space . however , few existing algorithms can effectively achieve this criterion . to this end , we propose the angular softmax ( a - softmax ) loss that enables convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to learn angularly discrimina ←
→ joint modeling of multiple related time series via the beta process ; we propose a bayesian nonparametric approach to the problem of jointly modeling multiple related time series . our approach is based on the discovery of a set of latent , shared dynamical behaviors . using a beta process prior , the size of the set and the sharing pattern are both inferred from data . we develop efficient markov chain monte carlo methods based on the indian buffet process representation of the predictive distribution of the be ←
→ emergence of grid - like representations by training recurrent neural networks to perform spatial localization ; decades of research on the neural code underlying spatial navigation have revealed a diverse set of neural response properties . the entorhinal cortex ( ec ) of the mammalian brain contains a rich set of spatial correlates , including grid cells which encode space using tessellating patterns . however , the mechanisms and functional significance of these spatial representations remain largely mysteriou ←
→ simple and accurate dependency parsing using bidirectional lstm feature representations ; we present a simple and effective scheme for dependency parsing which is based on bidirectional - lstms ( bilstms ). each sentence token is associated with a bilstm vector representing the token in its sentential context , and feature vectors are constructed by concatenating a few bilstm vectors . the bilstm is trained jointly with the parser objective , resulting in very effective feature extractors for parsing . we demonst ←
→ entropy production rate as a criterion for inconsistency in decision theory ; evaluating pairwise comparisons breaks down complex decision problems into tractable ones . pairwise comparison matrices ( pcms ) are regularly used to solve multiple - criteria decision - making ( mcdm ) problems using saaty ' s analytic hierarchy process ( ahp ) framework . there are two significant drawbacks of using pcms . first , humans evaluate pcm in an inconsistent manner . second , pcms of large problems often have missing entries . we ad ←
→ feature extraction methods for color image similarity ; many user interactive systems are proposed all methods are trying to implement as a user friendly and various approaches proposed but most of the systems not reached to the use specifications like user friendly systems with user interest , all proposed method implemented basic techniques some are improved methods also propose but not reaching to the user specifications . in this proposed paper we concentrated on image retrieval system with in early days ←
→ extrapolation and learning equations ; in classical machine learning , regression is treated as a black box process of identifying a suitable function from a hypothesis set without attempting to gain insight into the mechanism connecting inputs and outputs . in the natural sciences , however , finding an interpretable function for a phenomenon is the prime goal as it allows to understand and generalize results . this paper proposes a novel type of function learning network , called equation learner ( eql ), that ca ←
→ detection of texts in natural images ; a framework that makes use of connected components and supervised support machine to recognise texts is proposed . the image is preprocessed and and edge graph is calculated using a probabilistic framework to compensate for photometric noise . connected components over the resultant image is calculated , which is bounded and then pruned using geometric constraints . finally a gabor feature based svm is used to classify the presence of text in the candidates . the proposed m ←
→ image segmentation of multi - shaped overlapping objects ; in this work , we propose a new segmentation algorithm for images containing convex objects present in multiple shapes with a high degree of overlap . the proposed algorithm is carried out in two steps , first we identify the visible contours , segment them using concave points and finally group the segments belonging to the same object . the next step is to assign a shape identity to these grouped contour segments . for images containing objects in multipl ←
→ recurrent estimation of distributions ; this paper presents the recurrent estimation of distributions ( red ) for modeling real - valued data in a semiparametric fashion . red models make two novel uses of recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) for density estimation of general real - valued data . first , rnns are used to transform input covariates into a latent space to better capture conditional dependencies in inputs . after , an rnn is used to compute the conditional distributions of the latent covariates . the resultin ←
→ on the statistical efficiency of compositional nonparametric prediction ; in this paper , we propose a compositional nonparametric method in which a model is expressed as a labeled binary tree of $ 2k + 1 $ nodes , where each node is either a summation , a multiplication , or the application of one of the $ q $ basis functions to one of the $ p $ covariates . we show that in order to recover a labeled binary tree from a given dataset , the sufficient number of samples is $ o ( k \ log ( pq )+\ log ( k !))$, and the necessary number ←
→ kernel bayesian inference with posterior regularization ; we propose a vector - valued regression problem whose solution is equivalent to the reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ) embedding of the bayesian posterior distribution . this equivalence provides a new understanding of kernel bayesian inference . moreover , the optimization problem induces a new regularization for the posterior embedding estimator , which is faster and has comparable performance to the squared regularization in kernel bayes ' rule . thi ←
→ graph kernels exploiting weisfeiler - lehman graph isomorphism test extensions ; in this paper we present a novel graph kernel framework inspired the by the weisfeiler - lehman ( wl ) isomorphism tests . any wl test comprises a relabelling phase of the nodes based on test - specific information extracted from the graph , for example the set of neighbours of a node . we defined a novel relabelling and derived two kernels of the framework from it . the novel kernels are very fast to compute and achieve state - of - the - art ←
→ sceneseer : 3d scene design with natural language ; designing 3d scenes is currently a creative task that requires significant expertise and effort in using complex 3d design interfaces . this effortful design process starts in stark contrast to the easiness with which people can use language to describe real and imaginary environments . we present sceneseer : an interactive text to 3d scene generation system that allows a user to design 3d scenes using natural language . a user provides input text from which we ←
→ japanese word sense disambiguation based on examples of synonyms ; ( this is not the abstract ): the language is japanese . if your printer does not have fonts for japases characters , the characters in figures will not be printed out correctly . dissertation for bachelor ' s degree at kyoto university ( nagao lab .), march 1994 .←
→ deep information propagation ; we study the behavior of untrained neural networks whose weights and biases are randomly distributed using mean field theory . we show the existence of depth scales that naturally limit the maximum depth of signal propagation through these random networks . our main practical result is to show that random networks may be trained precisely when information can travel through them . thus , the depth scales that we identify provide bounds on how deep a network may be trained for a sp ←
→ dager : deep age , gender and emotion recognition using convolutional neural network ; this paper describes the details of sighthound ' s fully automated age , gender and emotion recognition system . the backbone of our system consists of several deep convolutional neural networks that are not only computationally inexpensive , but also provide state - of - the - art results on several competitive benchmarks . to power our novel deep networks , we collected large labeled datasets through a semi - supervised pipeline to re ←
→ modeling ambiguity , subjectivity , and diverging viewpoints in opinion question answering systems ; product review websites provide an incredible lens into the wide variety of opinions and experiences of different people , and play a critical role in helping users discover products that match their personal needs and preferences . to help address questions that can ' t easily be answered by reading others ' reviews , some review websites also allow users to pose questions to the community via a question - answerin ←
→ usfd : twitter ner with drift compensation and linked data ; this paper describes a pilot ner system for twitter , comprising the usfd system entry to the w - nut 2015 ner shared task . the goal is to correctly label entities in a tweet dataset , using an inventory of ten types . we employ structured learning , drawing on gazetteers taken from linked data , and on unsupervised clustering features , and attempting to compensate for stylistic and topic drift - a key challenge in social media text . our result is competi ←
→ multitask learning using task clustering with applications to predictive modeling and gwas of plant varieties ; inferring predictive maps between multiple input and multiple output variables or tasks has innumerable applications in data science . multi - task learning attempts to learn the maps to several output tasks simultaneously with information sharing between them . we propose a novel multi - task learning framework for sparse linear regression , where a full task hierarchy is automatically inferred from t ←
→ retinal vessel segmentation in fundoscopic images with generative adversarial networks ; retinal vessel segmentation is an indispensable step for automatic detection of retinal diseases with fundoscopic images . though many approaches have been proposed , existing methods tend to miss fine vessels or allow false positives at terminal branches . let alone under - segmentation , over - segmentation is also problematic when quantitative studies need to measure the precise width of vessels . in this paper , we present ←
→ revenue optimization in posted - price auctions with strategic buyers ; we study revenue optimization learning algorithms for posted - price auctions with strategic buyers . we analyze a very broad family of monotone regret minimization algorithms for this problem , which includes the previously best known algorithm , and show that no algorithm in that family admits a strategic regret more favorable than $\ omega (\ sqrt { t })$. we then introduce a new algorithm that achieves a strategic regret differing from the lower ←
→ a novel low - complexity framework in ultra - wideband imaging for breast cancer detection ; in this research work , a novel framework is pro - posed as an efficient successor to traditional imaging methods for breast cancer detection in order to decrease the computational complexity . in this framework , the breast is devided into seg - ments in an iterative process and in each iteration , the one having the most probability of containing tumor with lowest possible resolution is selected by using suitable decision ←
→ linearized gmm kernels and normalized random fourier features ; the method of " random fourier features ( rff )" has become a popular tool for approximating the " radial basis function ( rbf )" kernel . the variance of rff is actually large . interestingly , the variance can be substantially reduced by a simple normalization step as we theoretically demonstrate . we name the improved scheme as the " normalized rff ( nrff )". we also propose the " generalized min - max ( gmm )" kernel as a measure of data similarity . gmm is ←
→ temporal tessellation : a unified approach for video analysis ; we present a general approach to video understanding , inspired by semantic transfer techniques that have been successfully used for 2d image analysis . our method considers a video to be a 1d sequence of clips , each one associated with its own semantics . the nature of these semantics -- natural language captions or other labels -- depends on the task at hand . a test video is processed by forming correspondences between its clips and the clips of ←
→ sum - product networks : a new deep architecture ; the key limiting factor in graphical model inference and learning is the complexity of the partition function . we thus ask the question : what are general conditions under which the partition function is tractable ? the answer leads to a new kind of deep architecture , which we call sum - product networks ( spns ). spns are directed acyclic graphs with variables as leaves , sums and products as internal nodes , and weighted edges . we show that if an spn is complete and ←
→ global model interpretation via recursive partitioning ; in this work , we propose a simple but effective method to interpret black - box machine learning models globally . that is , we use a compact binary tree , the interpretation tree , to explicitly represent the most important decision rules that are implicitly contained in the black - box machine learning models . this tree is learned from the contribution matrix which consists of the contributions of input variables to predicted scores for each single predicti ←
→ blind image deblurring by spectral properties of convolution operators ; in this paper , we study the problem of recovering a sharp version of a given blurry image when the blur kernel is unknown . previous methods often introduce an image - independent regularizer ( such as gaussian or sparse priors ) on the desired blur kernel . we shall show that the blurry image itself encodes rich information about the blur kernel . such information can be found through analyzing and comparing how the spectrum of an image as a ←
→ segmentation of three - dimensional images with parametric active surfaces and topology changes ; in this paper , we introduce a novel parametric method for segmentation of three - dimensional images . we consider a piecewise constant version of the mumford - shah and the chan - vese functionals and perform a region - based segmentation of 3d image data . an evolution law is derived from energy minimization problems which push the surfaces to the boundaries of 3d objects in the image . we propose a parametric scheme wh ←
→ diversity of preferences can increase collective welfare in sequential exploration problems ; in search engines , online marketplaces and other human - computer interfaces large collectives of individuals sequentially interact with numerous alternatives of varying quality . in these contexts , trial and error ( exploration ) is crucial for uncovering novel high - quality items or solutions , but entails a high cost for individual users . self - interested decision makers , are often better off imitating the choices of ←
→ benchmarking recognition results on word image datasets ; we have benchmarked the maximum obtainable recognition accuracy on various word image datasets using manual segmentation and a currently available commercial ocr . we have developed a matlab program , with graphical user interface , for semi - automated pixel level segmentation of word images . we discuss the advantages of pixel level annotation . we have covered five databases adding up to over 3600 word images . these word images have been cropped from cam ←
→ recognizing plans by learning embeddings from observed action distributions ; recent advances in visual activity recognition have raised the possibility of applications such as automated video surveillance . effective approaches for such problems however require the ability to recognize the plans of the agents from video information . although traditional plan recognition algorithms depend on access to sophisticated domain models , one recent promising direction involves learning shallow models directly from ←
→ theta *: any - angle path planning on grids ; grids with blocked and unblocked cells are often used to represent terrain in robotics and video games . however , paths formed by grid edges can be longer than true shortest paths in the terrain since their headings are artificially constrained . we present two new correct and complete any - angle path - planning algorithms that avoid this shortcoming . basic theta * and angle - propagation theta * are both variants of a * that propagate information along grid edges without co ←
→ hardware based scale - and rotation - invariant feature extraction : a retrospective analysis and future directions ; computer vision techniques represent a class of algorithms that are highly computation and data intensive in nature . generally , performance of these algorithms in terms of execution speed on desktop computers is far from real - time . since real - time performance is desirable in many applications , special - purpose hardware is required in most cases to achieve this goal . scale - and rotation - invarian ←
→ machine learning approach for skill evaluation in robotic - assisted surgery ; evaluating surgeon skill has predominantly been a subjective task . development of objective methods for surgical skill assessment are of increased interest . recently , with technological advances such as robotic - assisted minimally invasive surgery ( rmis ), new opportunities for objective and automated assessment frameworks have arisen . in this paper , we applied machine learning methods to automatically evaluate performance of the s ←
→ displacement calculus ; the lambek calculus provides a foundation for categorial grammar in the form of a logic of concatenation . but natural language is characterized by dependencies which may also be discontinuous . in this paper we introduce the displacement calculus , a generalization of lambek calculus , which preserves its good proof - theoretic properties while embracing discontinuiity and subsuming it . we illustrate linguistic applications and prove cut - elimination , the subformula property , and decidabil ←
→ the factored frontier algorithm for approximate inference in dbns ; the factored frontier ( ff ) algorithm is a simple approximate inferencealgorithm for dynamic bayesian networks ( dbns ). it is very similar tothe fully factorized version of the boyen - koller ( bk ) algorithm , butinstead of doing an exact update at every step followed bymarginalisation ( projection ), it always works with factoreddistributions . hence it can be applied to models for which the exactupdate step is intractable . we show that ff is equiv ←
→ admissibility of a posterior predictive decision rule ; recent decades have seen an interest in prediction problems for which bayesian methodology has been used ubiquitously . sampling from or approximating the posterior predictive distribution in a bayesian model allows one to make inferential statements about potentially observable random quantities given observed data . the purpose of this note is to use statistical decision theory as a basis to justify the use of a posterior predictive distribution for ma ←
→ pattern recognition on the quantum bloch sphere ; we introduce a framework suitable for describing pattern recognition task using the mathematical language of density matrices . in particular , we provide a one - to - one correspondence between patterns and pure density operators . this correspondence enables us to : i ) represent the nearest mean classifier ( nmc ) in terms of quantum objects , ii ) introduce a quantum classifier ( qc ). by comparing the qc with the nmc on different 2d datasets , we show the first classif ←
→ leveraging demonstrations for deep reinforcement learning on robotics problems with sparse rewards ; we propose a general and model - free approach for reinforcement learning ( rl ) on real robotics with sparse rewards . we build upon the deep deterministic policy gradient ( ddpg ) algorithm to use demonstrations . both demonstrations and actual interactions are used to fill a replay buffer and the sampling ratio between demonstrations and transitions is automatically tuned via a prioritized replay mechanism . typ ←
→ attac - 2000 : an adaptive autonomous bidding agent ; the first trading agent competition ( tac ) was held from june 22nd to july 8th , 2000 . tac was designed to create a benchmark problem in the complex domain of e - marketplaces and to motivate researchers to apply unique approaches to a common task . this article describes attac - 2000 , the first - place finisher in tac . attac - 2000 uses a principled bidding strategy that includes several elements of adaptivity . in addition to the success at the competition , isolated ←
→ invariant texture analysis through local binary patterns ; in many image processing applications , such as segmentation and classification , the selection of robust features descriptors is crucial to improve the discrimination capabilities in real world scenarios . in particular , it is well known that image textures constitute power visual cues for feature extraction and classification . in the past few years the local binary pattern ( lbp ) approach , a texture descriptor method proposed by ojala et al ., has gain ←
→ mhtn : modal - adversarial hybrid transfer network for cross - modal retrieval ; cross - modal retrieval has drawn wide interest for retrieval across different modalities of data . however , existing methods based on dnn face the challenge of insufficient cross - modal training data , which limits the training effectiveness and easily leads to overfitting . transfer learning is for relieving the problem of insufficient training data , but it mainly focuses on knowledge transfer only from large - scale datasets as single -←
→ deep depth from focus ; depth from focus ( dff ) is one of the classical ill - posed inverse problems in computer vision . most approaches recover the depth at each pixel based on the focal setting which exhibits maximal sharpness . yet , it is not obvious how to reliably estimate the sharpness level , particularly in low - textured areas . in this paper , we propose ` deep depth from focus ( ddff )' as the first end - to - end learning approach to this problem . towards this goal , we create a novel real - scene indoor benchmark ←
→ feature reinforcement learning : part i : unstructured mdps ; general - purpose , intelligent , learning agents cycle through sequences of observations , actions , and rewards that are complex , uncertain , unknown , and non - markovian . on the other hand , reinforcement learning is well - developed for small finite state markov decision processes ( mdps ). up to now , extracting the right state representations out of bare observations , that is , reducing the general agent setup to the mdp framework , is an art that involves si ←
→ proceedings of the second " international traveling workshop on interactions between sparse models and technology " ( itwist ' 14 ) ; the implicit objective of the biennial " international - traveling workshop on interactions between sparse models and technology " ( itwist ) is to foster collaboration between international scientific teams by disseminating ideas through both specific oral / poster presentations and free discussions . for its second edition , the itwist workshop took place in the medieval and picturesqu ←
→ learning subclass representations for visually - varied image classification ; in this paper , we present a subclass - representation approach that predicts the probability of a social image belonging to one particular class . we explore the co - occurrence of user - contributed tags to find subclasses with a strong connection to the top level class . we then project each image on to the resulting subclass space to generate a subclass representation for the image . the novelty of the approach is that subclass represe ←
→ decoding sentiment from distributed representations of sentences ; distributed representations of sentences have been developed recently to represent their meaning as real - valued vectors . however , it is not clear how much information such representations retain about the polarity of sentences . to study this question , we decode sentiment from unsupervised sentence representations learned with different architectures ( sensitive to the order of words , the order of sentences , or none ) in 9 typologically diverse ←
→ robust guided image filtering ; the process of using one image to guide the filtering process of another one is called guided image filtering ( gif ). the main challenge of gif is the structure inconsistency between the guidance image and the target image . besides , noise in the target image is also a challenging issue especially when it is heavy . in this paper , we propose a general framework for robust guided image filtering ( rgif ), which contains a data term and a smoothness term , to solve the two issues men ←
→ construction du lexique lglex à partir des tables du lexique - grammaire des verbes du grec moderne ; in this paper , we summerize the work done on the resources of modern greek on the lexicon - grammar of verbs . we detail the definitional features of each table , and all changes made to the names of features to make them consistent . through the development of the table of classes , including all the features , we have considered the conversion of tables in a syntactic lexicon : lglex . the lexicon , in plain text f ←
→ brain age prediction based on resting - state functional connectivity patterns using convolutional neural networks ; brain age prediction based on neuroimaging data could help characterize both the typical brain development and neuropsychiatric disorders . pattern recognition models built upon functional connectivity ( fc ) measures derived from resting state fmri ( rsfmri ) data have been successfully used to predict the brain age . however , most existing studies focus on coarse - grained fc measures between brain ←
→ greedy active learning algorithm for logistic regression models ; we study a logistic model - based active learning procedure for binary classification problems , in which we adopt a batch subject selection strategy with a modified sequential experimental design method . moreover , accompanying the proposed subject selection scheme , we simultaneously conduct a greedy variable selection procedure such that we can update the classification model with all labeled training subjects . the proposed algorithm repeatedly ←
→ beyond pixels and regions : a non local patch means ( nlpm ) method for content - level restoration , enhancement , and reconstruction of degraded document images ; a patch - based non - local restoration and reconstruction method for preprocessing degraded document images is introduced . the method collects relative data from the whole input image , while the image data are first represented by a content - level descriptor based on patches . this patch - equivalent representation of the input image is then corrected bas ←
→ regression shrinkage and grouping of highly correlated predictors with horses ; identifying homogeneous subgroups of variables can be challenging in high dimensional data analysis with highly correlated predictors . we propose a new method called hexagonal operator for regression with shrinkage and equality selection , horses for short , that simultaneously selects positively correlated variables and identifies them as predictive clusters . this is achieved via a constrained least - squares problem with regular ←
→ code review comments : language matters ; recent research provides evidence that effective communication in collaborative software development has significant impact on the software development lifecycle . although related qualitative and quantitative studies point out textual characteristics of well - formed messages , the underlying semantics of the intertwined linguistic structures still remain largely misinterpreted or ignored . especially , regarding quality of code reviews the importance of thorough feedback ←
→ improvement of pso algorithm by memory based gradient search - application in inventory management ; advanced inventory management in complex supply chains requires effective and robust nonlinear optimization due to the stochastic nature of supply and demand variations . application of estimated gradients can boost up the convergence of particle swarm optimization ( pso ) algorithm but classical gradient calculation cannot be applied to stochastic and uncertain systems . in these situations monte - carlo ( mc ) s ←
→ identifying bengali multiword expressions using semantic clustering ; one of the key issues in both natural language understanding and generation is the appropriate processing of multiword expressions ( mwes ). mwes pose a huge problem to the precise language processing due to their idiosyncratic nature and diversity in lexical , syntactical and semantic properties . the semantics of a mwe cannot be expressed after combining the semantics of its constituents . therefore , the formalism of semantic clustering is o ←
→ decision maker based on atomic switches ; we propose a simple model for an atomic switch - based decision maker ( asdm ), and show that , as long as its total volume of precipitated ag atoms is conserved when coupled with suitable operations , an atomic switch system provides a sophisticated " decision - making " capability that is known to be one of the most important intellectual abilities in human beings . we considered the multi - armed bandit problem ( mab ); the problem of finding , as accurately and quickly as possi ←
→ statistical approach for selecting elite ants ; applications of aco algorithms to obtain better solutions for combinatorial optimization problems have become very popular in recent years . in aco algorithms , group of agents repeatedly perform well defined actions and collaborate with other ants in order to accomplish the defined task . in this paper , we introduce new mechanisms for selecting the elite ants dynamically based on simple statistical tools . we also investigate the performance of newly proposed mec ←
→ adversarial metric learning ; in the past decades , intensive efforts have been put to design various loss functions and metric forms for metric learning problem . these improvements have shown promising results when the test data is similar to the training data . however , the trained models often fail to produce reliable distances on the ambiguous test pairs due to the distribution bias between training set and test set . to address this problem , the adversarial metric learning ( aml ) is proposed in this paper ,←
→ applications of algorithmic probability to the philosophy of mind ; this paper presents formulae that can solve various seemingly hopeless philosophical conundrums . we discuss the simulation argument , teleportation , mind - uploading , the rationality of utilitarianism , and the ethics of exploiting artificial general intelligence . our approach arises from combining the essential ideas of formalisms such as algorithmic probability , the universal intelligence measure , space - time - embedded intelligence , and hutter '←
→ tri - subject kinship verification : understanding the core of a family ; one major challenge in computer vision is to go beyond the modeling of individual objects and to investigate the bi - ( one - versus - one ) or tri - ( one - versus - two ) relationship among multiple visual entities , answering such questions as whether a child in a photo belongs to given parents . the child - parents relationship plays a core role in a family and understanding such kin relationship would have fundamental impact on the behavior of an art ←
→ on the benefits of output sparsity for multi - label classification ; the multi - label classification framework , where each observation can be associated with a set of labels , has generated a tremendous amount of attention over recent years . the modern multi - label problems are typically large - scale in terms of number of observations , features and labels , and the amount of labels can even be comparable with the amount of observations . in this context , different remedies have been proposed to overcome the curse ←
→ analysing sensitivity data from probabilistic networks ; with the advance of efficient analytical methods for sensitivity analysis ofprobabilistic networks , the interest in the sensitivities revealed by real - life networks is rekindled . as the amount of data resulting from a sensitivity analysis of even a moderately - sized network is alreadyoverwhelming , methods for extracting relevant information are called for . one such methodis to study the derivative of the sensitivity functions yielded for a network ' s pa ←
→ a short introduction to model selection , kolmogorov complexity and minimum description length ( mdl ) ; the concept of overfitting in model selection is explained and demonstrated with an example . after providing some background information on information theory and kolmogorov complexity , we provide a short explanation of minimum description length and error minimization . we conclude with a discussion of the typical features of overfitting in model selection .←
→ semi - supervised phoneme recognition with recurrent ladder networks ; ladder networks are a notable new concept in the field of semi - supervised learning by showing state - of - the - art results in image recognition tasks while being compatible with many existing neural architectures . we present the recurrent ladder network , a novel modification of the ladder network , for semi - supervised learning of recurrent neural networks which we evaluate with a phoneme recognition task on the timit corpus . our results show th ←
→ learning fuzzy β - certain and β - possible rules from incomplete quantitative data by rough sets ; the rough - set theory proposed by pawlak , has been widely used in dealing with data classification problems . the original rough - set model is , however , quite sensitive to noisy data . tzung thus proposed deals with the problem of producing a set of fuzzy certain and fuzzy possible rules from quantitative data with a predefined tolerance degree of uncertainty and misclassification . this model allowed , which combine ←
→ copy - move forgery detection based on convolutional kernel network ; in this paper , a copy - move forgery detection method based on convolutional kernel network is proposed . different from methods based on conventional hand - crafted features , convolutional kernel network is a kind of data - driven local descriptor with the deep convolutional structure . thanks to the development of deep learning theories and widely available datasets , the data - driven methods can achieve competitive performance on different conditi ←
→ the apolloscape dataset for autonomous driving ; scene parsing aims to assign a class ( semantic ) label for each pixel in an image . it is a comprehensive analysis of an image . given the rise of autonomous driving , pixel - accurate environmental perception is expected to be a key enabling technical piece . however , providing a large scale dataset for the design and evaluation of scene parsing algorithms , in particular for outdoor scenes , has been difficult . the per - pixel labelling process is prohibitively expens ←
→ probabilistic conceptual network : a belief representation scheme for utility - based categorization ; probabilistic conceptual network is a knowledge representation scheme designed for reasoning about concepts and categorical abstractions in utility - based categorization . the scheme combines the formalisms of abstraction and inheritance hierarchies from artificial intelligence , and probabilistic networks from decision analysis . it provides a common framework for representing conceptual knowledge , hierarchica ←
→ consistency of weighted majority votes ; we revisit the classical decision - theoretic problem of weighted expert voting from a statistical learning perspective . in particular , we examine the consistency ( both asymptotic and finitary ) of the optimal nitzan - paroush weighted majority and related rules . in the case of known expert competence levels , we give sharp error estimates for the optimal rule . when the competence levels are unknown , they must be empirically estimated . we provide frequentist and bayesian a ←
→ person re - identification with vision and language ; in this paper we propose a new approach to person re - identification using images and natural language descriptions . we propose a joint vision and language model based on cca and cnn architectures to match across the two modalities as well as to enrich visual examples for which there are no language descriptions . we also introduce new annotations in the form of natural language descriptions for two standard re - id benchmarks , namely cuhk03 and viper . we perf ←
→ computer model of a " sense of humour ". i . general algorithm ; a computer model of a " sense of humour " is proposed . the humorous effect is interpreted as a specific malfunction in the course of information processing due to the need for the rapid deletion of the false version transmitted into consciousness . the biological function of a sense of humour consists in speeding up the bringing of information into consciousness and in fuller use of the resources of the brain .←
→ a survey on dynamic job scheduling in grid environment based on heuristic algorithms ; computational grids are a new trend in distributed computing systems . they allow the sharing of geographically distributed resources in an efficient way , extending the boundaries of what we perceive as distributed computing . various sciences can benefit from the use of grids to solve cpu - intensive problems , creating potential benefits to the entire society . job scheduling is an integrated part of parallel and distribute ←
→ object segmentation in depth maps with one user click and a synthetically trained fully convolutional network ; with more and more household objects built on planned obsolescence and consumed by a fast - growing population , hazardous waste recycling has become a critical challenge . given the large variability of household waste , current recycling platforms mostly rely on human operators to analyze the scene , typically composed of many object instances piled up in bulk . helping them by robotizing the unitary ←
→ end - to - end goal - driven web navigation ; we propose a goal - driven web navigation as a benchmark task for evaluating an agent with abilities to understand natural language and plan on partially observed environments . in this challenging task , an agent navigates through a website , which is represented as a graph consisting of web pages as nodes and hyperlinks as directed edges , to find a web page in which a query appears . the agent is required to have sophisticated high - level reasoning based on natural languag ←
→ bridging belief function theory to modern machine learning ; machine learning is a quickly evolving field which now looks really different from what it was 15 years ago , when classification and clustering were major issues . this document proposes several trends to explore the new questions of modern machine learning , with the strong afterthought that the belief function framework has a major role to play .←
→ uniform and partially uniform redistribution rules ; this short paper introduces two new fusion rules for combining quantitative basic belief assignments . these rules although very simple have not been proposed in literature so far and could serve as useful alternatives because of their low computation cost with respect to the recent advanced proportional conflict redistribution rules developed in the dsmt framework .←
→ a maximum likelihood approach for selecting sets of alternatives ; we consider the problem of selecting a subset of alternatives given noisy evaluations of the relative strength of different alternatives . we wish to select a k - subset ( for a given k ) that provides a maximum likelihood estimate for one of several objectives , e . g ., containing the strongest alternative . although this problem is np - hard , we show that when the noise level is sufficiently high , intuitive methods provide the optimal solution . we th ←
→ metalearning for feature selection ; a general formulation of optimization problems in which various candidate solutions may use different feature - sets is presented , encompassing supervised classification , automated program learning and other cases . a novel characterization of the concept of a " good quality feature " for such an optimization problem is provided ; and a proposal regarding the integration of quality based feature selection into metalearning is suggested , wherein the quality of a feature for a p ←
→ counting and uniform sampling from markov equivalent dags ; we propose an exact solution for the problem of finding the size of a markov equivalence class ( mec ). for the bounded degree graphs , the proposed solution is capable of computing the size of the mec in polynomial time . our proposed approach is based on a recursive method for counting the number of the elements of the mec when a specific vertex is set as the source variable . we will further use the idea to design a sampler , which is capable of sampl ←
→ visual decoding of targets during visual search from human eye fixations ; what does human gaze reveal about a users ' intents and to which extend can these intents be inferred or even visualized ? gaze was proposed as an implicit source of information to predict the target of visual search and , more recently , to predict the object class and attributes of the search target . in this work , we go one step further and investigate the feasibility of combining recent advances in encoding human gaze information usin ←
→ sampling - based speech parameter generation using moment - matching networks ; this paper presents sampling - based speech parameter generation using moment - matching networks for deep neural network ( dnn )- based speech synthesis . although people never produce exactly the same speech even if we try to express the same linguistic and para - linguistic information , typical statistical speech synthesis produces completely the same speech , i . e ., there is no inter - utterance variation in synthetic speech . to give synthe ←
→ deep motif dashboard : visualizing and understanding genomic sequences using deep neural networks ; deep neural network ( dnn ) models have recently obtained state - of - the - art prediction accuracy for the transcription factor binding ( tfbs ) site classification task . however , it remains unclear how these approaches identify meaningful dna sequence signals and give insights as to why tfs bind to certain locations . in this paper , we propose a toolkit called the deep motif dashboard ( demo dashboard ) which provides ←
→ complexity analysis and variational inference for interpretation - based probabilistic description logic ; this paper presents complexity analysis and variational methods for inference in probabilistic description logics featuring boolean operators , quantification , qualified number restrictions , nominals , inverse roles and role hierarchies . inference is shown to be pexp - complete , and variational methods are designed so as to exploit logical inference whenever possible .←
→ first - pass large vocabulary continuous speech recognition using bi - directional recurrent dnns ; we present a method to perform first - pass large vocabulary continuous speech recognition using only a neural network and language model . deep neural network acoustic models are now commonplace in hmm - based speech recognition systems , but building such systems is a complex , domain - specific task . recent work demonstrated the feasibility of discarding the hmm sequence modeling framework by directly predicting tran ←
→ supervised generative reconstruction : an efficient way to flexibly store and recognize patterns ; matching animal - like flexibility in recognition and the ability to quickly incorporate new information remains difficult . limits are yet to be adequately addressed in neural models and recognition algorithms . this work proposes a configuration for recognition that maintains the same function of conventional algorithms but avoids combinatorial problems . feedforward recognition algorithms such as classical arti ←
→ texture classification approach based on combination of edge & co - occurrence and local binary pattern ; texture classification is one of the problems which has been paid much attention on by computer scientists since late 90s . if texture classification is done correctly and accurately , it can be used in many cases such as pattern recognition , object tracking , and shape recognition . so far , there have been so many methods offered to solve this problem . near all these methods have tried to extract and defin ←
→ spectral sparsification of random - walk matrix polynomials ; we consider a fundamental algorithmic question in spectral graph theory : compute a spectral sparsifier of random - walk matrix - polynomial $$ l_ \ alpha ( g )= d -\ sum_ { r = 1 }^ d \ alpha_rd ( d ^{- 1 } a )^ r $$ where $ a $ is the adjacency matrix of a weighted , undirected graph , $ d $ is the diagonal matrix of weighted degrees , and $\ alpha =(\ alpha_1 ...\ alpha_d )$ are nonnegative coefficients with $\ sum_ { r = 1 }^ d \ alpha_r = 1 $. recall that $ d ^{- 1 } a $ is the transition matrix of rando ←
→ variational inference for logical inference ; functional distributional semantics is a framework that aims to learn , from text , semantic representations which can be interpreted in terms of truth . here we make two contributions to this framework . the first is to show how a type of logical inference can be performed by evaluating conditional probabilities . the second is to make these calculations tractable by means of a variational approximation . this approximation also enables faster convergence during trai ←
→ ensemble computation approach to the hough transform ; it is demonstrated that the classical hough transform with shift - elevation parametrization of digital straight lines has additive complexity of at most $\ mathcal { o }( n ^ 3 / \ log n )$ on a $ n \ times n $ image . the proof is constructive and uses ensemble computation approach to build summation circuits . the proposed method has similarities with the fast hough transform ( fht ) and may be considered a form of the " divide and conquer " technique . it is based on the ←
→ revealing cluster structure of graph by path following replicator dynamic ; in this paper , we propose a path following replicator dynamic , and investigate its potentials in uncovering the underlying cluster structure of a graph . the proposed dynamic is a generalization of the discrete replicator dynamic . the replicator dynamic has been successfully used to extract dense clusters of graphs ; however , it is often sensitive to the degree distribution of a graph , and usually biased by vertices with large degre ←
→ distributed clustering and learning over networks ; distributed processing over networks relies on in - network processing and cooperation among neighboring agents . cooperation is beneficial when agents share a common objective . however , in many applications agents may belong to different clusters that pursue different objectives . then , indiscriminate cooperation will lead to undesired results . in this work , we propose an adaptive clustering and learning scheme that allows agents to learn which neighbors they ←
→ click through rate prediction for contextual advertisment using linear regression ; this research presents an innovative and unique way of solving the advertisement prediction problem which is considered as a learning problem over the past several years . online advertising is a multi - billion - dollar industry and is growing every year with a rapid pace . the goal of this research is to enhance click through rate of the contextual advertisements using linear regression . in order to address this problem , a new ←
→ not all samples are created equal : deep learning with importance sampling ; deep neural network training spends most of the computation on examples that are properly handled , and could be ignored . we propose to mitigate this phenomenon with a principled importance sampling scheme that focuses computation on " informative " examples , and reduces the variance of the stochastic gradients during training . our contribution is twofold : first , we derive a tractable upper bound to the per - sample gradient norm , an ←
→ online convolutional dictionary learning ; while a number of different algorithms have recently been proposed for convolutional dictionary learning , this remains an expensive problem . the single biggest impediment to learning from large training sets is the memory requirements , which grow at least linearly with the size of the training set since all existing methods are batch algorithms . the work reported here addresses this limitation by extending online dictionary learning ideas to the convolutional conte ←
→ algorithmic programming language identification ; motivated by the amount of code that goes unidentified on the web , we introduce a practical method for algorithmically identifying the programming language of source code . our work is based on supervised learning and intelligent statistical features . we also explored , but abandoned , a grammatical approach . in testing , our implementation greatly outperforms that of an existing tool that relies on a bayesian classifier . code is written in python and available ←
→ introduction to the conll - 2000 shared task : chunking ; we describe the conll - 2000 shared task : dividing text into syntactically related non - overlapping groups of words , so - called text chunking . we give background information on the data sets , present a general overview of the systems that have taken part in the shared task and briefly discuss their performance .←
→ adaptive - rate sparse signal reconstruction with application in compressive background subtraction ; we propose and analyze an online algorithm for reconstructing a sequence of signals from a limited number of linear measurements . the signals are assumed sparse , with unknown support , and evolve over time according to a generic nonlinear dynamical model . our algorithm , based on recent theoretical results for $\ ell_1 $-$\ ell_1 $ minimization , is recursive and computes the number of measurements to be taken at ←
→ attention - based wav2text with feature transfer learning ; conventional automatic speech recognition ( asr ) typically performs multi - level pattern recognition tasks that map the acoustic speech waveform into a hierarchy of speech units . but , it is widely known that information loss in the earlier stage can propagate through the later stages . after the resurgence of deep learning , interest has emerged in the possibility of developing a purely end - to - end asr system from the raw waveform to the transcription wit ←
→ on the number of linear regions of deep neural networks ; we study the complexity of functions computable by deep feedforward neural networks with piecewise linear activations in terms of the symmetries and the number of linear regions that they have . deep networks are able to sequentially map portions of each layer ' s input - space to the same output . in this way , deep models compute functions that react equally to complicated patterns of different inputs . the compositional structure of these functions enable ←
→ understanding and improving convolutional neural networks via concatenated rectified linear units ; recently , convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been used as a powerful tool to solve many problems of machine learning and computer vision . in this paper , we aim to provide insight on the property of convolutional neural networks , as well as a generic method to improve the performance of many cnn architectures . specifically , we first examine existing cnn models and observe an intriguing property that t ←
→ a syllable - based technique for word embeddings of korean words ; word embedding has become a fundamental component to many nlp tasks such as named entity recognition and machine translation . however , popular models that learn such embeddings are unaware of the morphology of words , so it is not directly applicable to highly agglutinative languages such as korean . we propose a syllable - based learning model for korean using a convolutional neural network , in which word representation is composed of trained syl ←
→ real - time automatic emotion recognition from body gestures ; although psychological research indicates that bodily expressions convey important affective information , to date research in emotion recognition focused mainly on facial expression or voice analysis . in this paper we propose an approach to realtime automatic emotion recognition from body movements . a set of postural , kinematic , and geometrical features are extracted from sequences 3d skeletons and fed to a multi - class svm classifier . the proposed ←
→ identifying restaurant features via sentiment analysis on yelp reviews ; many people use yelp to find a good restaurant . nonetheless , with only an overall rating for each restaurant , yelp offers not enough information for independently judging its various aspects such as environment , service or flavor . in this paper , we introduced a machine learning based method to characterize such aspects for particular types of restaurants . the main approach used in this paper is to use a support vector machine ( svm ) mod ←
→ a better beta for the h measure of classification performance ; the area under the roc curve is widely used as a measure of performance of classification rules . however , it has recently been shown that the measure is fundamentally incoherent , in the sense that it treats the relative severities of misclassifications differently when different classifiers are used . to overcome this , hand ( 2009 ) proposed the $ h $ measure , which allows a given researcher to fix the distribution of relative severities to a classi ←
→ application of artificial neural networks and genetic algorithms for crude fractional distillation process modeling ; this work presents the application of the artificial neural networks , trained and structurally optimized by genetic algorithms , for modeling of crude distillation process at pkn orlen s . a . refinery . models for the main fractionator distillation column products were developed using historical data . quality of the fractions were predicted based on several chosen process variables . the perfor ←
→ splitting matters : how monotone transformation of predictor variables may improve the predictions of decision tree models ; it is widely believed that the prediction accuracy of decision tree models is invariant under any strictly monotone transformation of the individual predictor variables . however , this statement may be false when predicting new observations with values that were not seen in the training - set and are close to the location of the split point of a tree rule . the sensitivity of the predict ←
→ a siamese deep forest ; a siamese deep forest ( sdf ) is proposed in the paper . it is based on the deep forest or gcforest proposed by zhou and feng and can be viewed as a gcforest modification . it can be also regarded as an alternative to the well - known siamese neural networks . the sdf uses a modified training set consisting of concatenated pairs of vectors . moreover , it defines the class distributions in the deep forest as the weighted sum of the tree class probabilities such that the weights are determined ←
→ using virtual humans to understand real ones ; human interactions are characterized by explicit as well as implicit channels of communication . while the explicit channel transmits overt messages , the implicit ones transmit hidden messages about the communicator ( e . g ., his / her intentions and attitudes ). there is a growing consensus that providing a computer with the ability to manipulate implicit affective cues should allow for a more meaningful and natural way of studying particular non - verbal signals of hu ←
→ sketching for large - scale learning of mixture models ; learning parameters from voluminous data can be prohibitive in terms of memory and computational requirements . we propose a " compressive learning " framework where we estimate model parameters from a sketch of the training data . this sketch is a collection of generalized moments of the underlying probability distribution of the data . it can be computed in a single pass on the training set , and is easily computable on streams or distributed datasets . the ←
→ left - right skip - densenets for coarse - to - fine object categorization ; inspired by the recent neuroscience studies on the left - right asymmetry of the brains in the low and high spatial frequency processing , we introduce a novel type of network -- the left - right skip - densenets for coarse - to - fine object categorization . this network can enable both coarse and fine - grained classification in a single framework . we also for the first time propose the layer - skipping mechanism which learns a gating network to predict ←
→ causal generative neural networks ; we present causal generative neural networks ( cgnns ) to learn functional causal models from observational data . cgnns leverage conditional independencies and distributional asymmetries to discover bivariate and multivariate causal structures . cgnns make no assumption regarding the lack of confounders , and learn a differentiable generative model of the data by using backpropagation . extensive experiments show their good performances comparatively to the state of the art in ←
→ resource constrained structured prediction ; we study the problem of structured prediction under test - time budget constraints . we propose a novel approach applicable to a wide range of structured prediction problems in computer vision and natural language processing . our approach seeks to adaptively generate computationally costly features during test - time in order to reduce the computational cost of prediction while maintaining prediction performance . we show that training the adaptive feature generation s ←
→ mmcr4nlp : multilingual multiway corpora repository for natural language processing ; multilinguality is gradually becoming ubiquitous in the sense that more and more researchers have successfully shown that using additional languages help improve the results in many natural language processing tasks . multilingual multiway corpora ( mmc ) contain the same sentence in multiple languages . such corpora have been primarily used for multi - source and pivot language machine translation but are also useful for devel ←
→ highly comparative fetal heart rate analysis ; a database of fetal heart rate ( fhr ) time series measured from 7221 patients during labor is analyzed with the aim of learning the types of features of these recordings that are informative of low cord ph . our ' highly comparative ' analysis involves extracting over 9000 time - series analysis features from each fhr time series , including measures of autocorrelation , entropy , distribution , and various model fits . this diverse collection of features was developed in ←
→ wordfence : text detection in natural images with border awareness ; in recent years , text recognition has achieved remarkable success in recognizing scanned document text . however , word recognition in natural images is still an open problem , which generally requires time consuming post - processing steps . we present a novel architecture for individual word detection in scene images based on semantic segmentation . our contributions are twofold : the concept of wordfence , which detects border areas surrounding e ←
→ keystroke dynamics authentication for collaborative systems ; we present in this paper a study on the ability and the benefits of using a keystroke dynamics authentication method for collaborative systems . authentication is a challenging issue in order to guarantee the security of use of collaborative systems during the access control step . many solutions exist in the state of the art such as the use of one time passwords or smart - cards . we focus in this paper on biometric based solutions that do not necess ←
→ accelerating and evaluation of syntactic parsing in natural language question answering systems ; with the development of natural language processing ( nlp ), more and more systems want to adopt nlp in user interface module to process user input , in order to communicate with user in a natural way . however , this raises a speed problem . that is , if nlp module can not process sentences in durable time delay , users will never use the system . as a result , systems which are strict with processing time , such as di ←
→ theory and algorithms for partial order based reduction in planning ; search is a major technique for planning . it amounts to exploring a state space of planning domains typically modeled as a directed graph . however , prohibitively large sizes of the search space make search expensive . developing better heuristic functions has been the main technique for improving search efficiency . nevertheless , recent studies have shown that improving heuristics alone has certain fundamental limits on improving search eff ←
→ the next best underwater view ; to image in high resolution large and occlusion - prone scenes , a camera must move above and around . degradation of visibility due to geometric occlusions and distances is exacerbated by scattering , when the scene is in a participating medium . moreover , underwater and in other media , artificial lighting is needed . overall , data quality depends on the observed surface , medium and the time - varying poses of the camera and light source . this work proposes to optimize camera / light p ←
→ mo2cap2 : real - time mobile 3d motion capture with a cap - mounted fisheye camera ; we propose the first real - time approach for the egocentric estimation of 3d human body pose in a wide range of unconstrained everyday activities . this setting has a unique set of challenges , such as mobility of the hardware setup , and robustness to long capture sessions with fast recovery from tracking failures . we tackle these challenges based on a novel lightweight setup that converts a standard baseball cap to a device for ←
→ estimating networks with jumps ; we study the problem of estimating a temporally varying coefficient and varying structure ( vcvs ) graphical model underlying nonstationary time series data , such as social states of interacting individuals or microarray expression profiles of gene networks , as opposed to i . i . d . data from an invariant model widely considered in current literature of structural estimation . in particular , we consider the scenario in which the model evolves in a piece - wise constant fashion . we pr ←
→ cure - tsr : challenging unreal and real environments for traffic sign recognition ; in this paper , we investigate the robustness of traffic sign recognition algorithms under challenging conditions . existing datasets are limited in terms of their size and challenging condition coverage , which motivated us to generate the challenging unreal and real environments for traffic sign recognition ( cure - tsr ) dataset . it includes more than two million traffic sign images that are based on real - world and simulator dat ←
→ towards open - text semantic parsing via multi - task learning of structured embeddings ; open - text ( or open - domain ) semantic parsers are designed to interpret any statement in natural language by inferring a corresponding meaning representation ( mr ). unfortunately , large scale systems cannot be easily machine - learned due to lack of directly supervised data . we propose here a method that learns to assign mrs to a wide range of text ( using a dictionary of more than 70 , 000 words , which are mapped to more than 4 ←
→ lipnet : end - to - end sentence - level lipreading ; lipreading is the task of decoding text from the movement of a speaker ' s mouth . traditional approaches separated the problem into two stages : designing or learning visual features , and prediction . more recent deep lipreading approaches are end - to - end trainable ( wand et al ., 2016 ; chung & zisserman , 2016a ). however , existing work on models trained end - to - end perform only word classification , rather than sentence - level sequence prediction . studies have shown that ←
→ regularization of deep neural networks with spectral dropout ; the big breakthrough on the imagenet challenge in 2012 was partially due to the ` dropout ' technique used to avoid overfitting . here , we introduce a new approach called ` spectral dropout ' to improve the generalization ability of deep neural networks . we cast the proposed approach in the form of regular convolutional neural network ( cnn ) weight layers using a decorrelation transform with fixed basis functions . our spectral dropout method prevents ←
→ dialogues for proof search ; dialogue games are a two - player semantics for a variety of logics , including intuitionistic and classical logic . dialogues can be viewed as a kind of analytic calculus not unlike tableaux . can dialogue games be an effective foundation for proof search in intuitionistic logic ( both first - order and propositional )? we announce kuno , an automated theorem prover for intuitionistic first - order logic based on dialogue games .←
→ matching with text data : an experimental evaluation of methods for matching documents and of measuring match quality ; how should one perform matching in observational studies when the units are text documents ? the lack of randomized assignment of documents into treatment and control groups may lead to systematic differences between groups on high - dimensional and latent features of text such as topical content and sentiment . standard balance metrics , used to measure the quality of a matching method , fail ←
→ pixel - wise object tracking ; in this paper , we propose a novel pixel - wise visual object tracking framework that can track any anonymous object in a noisy background . the framework consists of two submodels , a global attention model and a local segmentation model . the global model generates a region of interests ( roi ) that the object may lie in the new frame based on the past object segmentation maps , while the local model segments the new image in the roi . each model uses a lstm structure to model the tempo ←
→ an argumentative annotation schema for meeting discussions ; in this article , we are interested in the annotation of transcriptions of human - human dialogue taken from meeting records . we first propose a meeting content model where conversational acts are interpreted with respect to their argumentative force and their role in building the argumentative structure of the meeting discussion . argumentation in dialogue describes the way participants take part in the discussion and argue their standpoints . then , w ←
→ an efficient , expressive and local minima - free method for learning controlled dynamical systems ; we propose a framework for modeling and estimating the state of controlled dynamical systems , where an agent can affect the system through actions and receives partial observations . based on this framework , we propose the predictive state representation with random fourier features ( rffpsr ). a key property in rff - psrs is that the state estimate is represented by a conditional distribution of future observatio ←
→ effects of gimp retinex filtering evaluated by the image entropy ; a gimp retinex filtering can be used for enhancing images , with good results on foggy images , as recently discussed . since this filter has some parameters that can be adjusted to optimize the output image , several approaches can be decided according to desired results . here , as a criterion for optimizing the filtering parameters , we consider the maximization of the image entropy . we use , besides the shannon entropy , also a generalized entrop ←
→ recognizing activities of daily living from egocentric images ; recognizing activities of daily living ( adls ) has a large number of health applications , such as characterize lifestyle for habit improvement , nursing and rehabilitation services . wearable cameras can daily gather large amounts of image data that provide rich visual information about adls than using other wearable sensors . in this paper , we explore the classification of adls from images captured by low temporal resolution wearable camera ( 2fpm )←
→ query - adaptive image retrieval by deep weighted hashing ; hashing methods have attracted much attention for large scale image retrieval . some deep hashing methods have achieved promising results by taking advantage of the strong representation power of deep networks recently . however , existing deep hashing methods treat all hash bits equally . on one hand , a large number of images share the same distance to a query image due to the discrete hamming distance , which raises a critical issue of image retrieval w ←
→ using contextual information as virtual items on top - n recommender systems ; traditionally , recommender systems for the web deal with applications that have two dimensions , users and items . based on access logs that relate these dimensions , a recommendation model can be built and used to identify a set of n items that will be of interest to a certain user . in this paper we propose a method to complement the information in the access logs with contextual information without changing the recommendation algo ←
→ convolutional image captioning ; image captioning is an important but challenging task , applicable to virtual assistants , editing tools , image indexing , and support of the disabled . its challenges are due to the variability and ambiguity of possible image descriptions . in recent years significant progress has been made in image captioning , using recurrent neural networks powered by long - short - term - memory ( lstm ) units . despite mitigating the vanishing gradient problem , and despite their compelling ability to ←
→ chebyshev and conjugate gradient filters for graph image denoising ; in 3d image / video acquisition , different views are often captured with varying noise levels across the views . in this paper , we propose a graph - based image enhancement technique that uses a higher quality view to enhance a degraded view . a depth map is utilized as auxiliary information to match the perspectives of the two views . our method performs graph - based filtering of the noisy image by directly computing a projection of the image to ←
→ a statistical perspective of sampling scores for linear regression ; in this paper , we consider a statistical problem of learning a linear model from noisy samples . existing work has focused on approximating the least squares solution by using leverage - based scores as an importance sampling distribution . however , no finite sample statistical guarantees and no computationally efficient optimal sampling strategies have been proposed . to evaluate the statistical properties of different sampling strategies , we ←
→ predicting foreground object ambiguity and efficiently crowdsourcing the segmentation ( s ) ; we propose the ambiguity problem for the foreground object segmentation task and motivate the importance of estimating and accounting for this ambiguity when designing vision systems . specifically , we distinguish between images which lead multiple annotators to segment different foreground objects ( ambiguous ) versus minor inter - annotator differences of the same object . taking images from eight widely used datasets , ←
→ frequency - based patrolling with heterogeneous agents and limited communication ; this paper investigates multi - agent frequencybased patrolling of intersecting , circle graphs under conditions where graph nodes have non - uniform visitation requirements and agents have limited ability to communicate . the task is modeled as a partially observable markov decision process , and a reinforcement learning solution is developed . each agent generates its own policy from markov chains , and policies are exchanged only w ←
→ c - hilasso : a collaborative hierarchical sparse modeling framework ; sparse modeling is a powerful framework for data analysis and processing . traditionally , encoding in this framework is performed by solving an l1 - regularized linear regression problem , commonly referred to as lasso or basis pursuit . in this work we combine the sparsity - inducing property of the lasso model at the individual feature level , with the block - sparsity property of the group lasso model , where sparse groups of features are jointly e ←
→ on the links between argumentation - based reasoning and nonmonotonic reasoning ; in this paper we investigate the links between instantiated argumentation systems and the axioms for non - monotonic reasoning described in [ 9 ] with the aim of characterising the nature of argument based reasoning . in doing so , we consider two possible interpretations of the consequence relation , and describe which axioms are met by aspic + under each of these interpretations . we then consider the links between these axioms and t ←
→ local shape spectrum analysis for 3d facial expression recognition ; we investigate the problem of facial expression recognition using 3d data . building from one of the most successful frameworks for facial analysis using exclusively 3d geometry , we extend the analysis from a curve - based representation into a spectral representation , which allows a complete description of the underlying surface that can be further tuned to the desired level of detail . spectral representations are based on the decomposition ←
→ xml framework for concept description and knowledge representation ; an xml framework for concept description is given , based upon the fact that the tree structure of xml implies the logical structure of concepts as defined by attributional calculus . especially , the attribute - value representation is implementable in the xml framework . since the attribute - value representation is an important way to represent knowledge in ai , the framework offers a further and simpler way than the powerful rdf technology .←
→ automatic construction of discourse corpora for dialogue translation ; in this paper , a novel approach is proposed to automatically construct parallel discourse corpus for dialogue machine translation . firstly , the parallel subtitle data and its corresponding monolingual movie script data are crawled and collected from internet . then tags such as speaker and discourse boundary from the script data are projected to its subtitle data via an information retrieval approach in order to map monolingual discourse ←
→ adaptive maximization of pointwise submodular functions with budget constraint ; we study the worst - case adaptive optimization problem with budget constraint that is useful for modeling various practical applications in artificial intelligence and machine learning . we investigate the near - optimality of greedy algorithms for this problem with both modular and non - modular cost functions . in both cases , we prove that two simple greedy algorithms are not near - optimal but the best between them is near - optimal ←
→ extension of wirtinger ' s calculus to reproducing kernel hilbert spaces and the complex kernel lms ; over the last decade , kernel methods for nonlinear processing have successfully been used in the machine learning community . the primary mathematical tool employed in these methods is the notion of the reproducing kernel hilbert space . however , so far , the emphasis has been on batch techniques . it is only recently , that online techniques have been considered in the context of adaptive signal processing task ←
→ non - gaussian component analysis with log - density gradient estimation ; non - gaussian component analysis ( ngca ) is aimed at identifying a linear subspace such that the projected data follows a non - gaussian distribution . in this paper , we propose a novel ngca algorithm based on log - density gradient estimation . unlike existing methods , the proposed ngca algorithm identifies the linear subspace by using the eigenvalue decomposition without any iterative procedures , and thus is computationally reasonable . further ←
→ a fast compression - based similarity measure with applications to content - based image retrieval ; compression - based similarity measures are effectively employed in applications on diverse data types with a basically parameter - free approach . nevertheless , there are problems in applying these techniques to medium - to - large datasets which have been seldom addressed . this paper proposes a similarity measure based on compression with dictionaries , the fast compression distance ( fcd ), which reduces the complexity ←
→ gaussian attention model and its application to knowledge base embedding and question answering ; we propose the gaussian attention model for content - based neural memory access . with the proposed attention model , a neural network has the additional degree of freedom to control the focus of its attention from a laser sharp attention to a broad attention . it is applicable whenever we can assume that the distance in the latent space reflects some notion of semantics . we use the proposed attention model as a ←
→ preparation of improved turkish dataset for sentiment analysis in social media ; a public dataset , with a variety of properties suitable for sentiment analysis [ 1 ], event prediction , trend detection and other text mining applications , is needed in order to be able to successfully perform analysis studies . the vast majority of data on social media is text - based and it is not possible to directly apply machine learning processes into these raw data , since several different processes are required to prepare ←
→ optimally training a cascade classifier ; cascade classifiers are widely used in real - time object detection . different from conventional classifiers that are designed for a low overall classification error rate , a classifier in each node of the cascade is required to achieve an extremely high detection rate and moderate false positive rate . although there are a few reported methods addressing this requirement in the context of object detection , there is no a principled feature selection method that explicit ←
→ single - image rgb photometric stereo with spatially - varying albedo ; we present a single - shot system to recover surface geometry of objects with spatially - varying albedos , from images captured under a calibrated rgb photometric stereo setup --- with three light directions multiplexed across different color channels in the observed rgb image . since the problem is ill - posed point - wise , we assume that the albedo map can be modeled as piece - wise constant with a restricted number of distinct albedo values . we show ←
→ margin sample mining loss : a deep learning based method for person re - identification ; person re - identification ( reid ) is an important task in computer vision . recently , deep learning with a metric learning loss has become a common framework for reid . in this paper , we also propose a new metric learning loss with hard sample mining called margin smaple mining loss ( msml ) which can achieve better accuracy compared with other metric learning losses , such as triplet loss . in experi - ments , our proposed metho ←
→ an account of opinion implicatures ; while previous sentiment analysis research has concentrated on the interpretation of explicitly stated opinions and attitudes , this work initiates the computational study of a type of opinion implicature ( i . e ., opinion - oriented inference ) in text . this paper described a rule - based framework for representing and analyzing opinion implicatures which we hope will contribute to deeper automatic interpretation of subjective language . in the course of understanding implicature ←
→ what players do with the ball : a physically constrained interaction modeling ; tracking the ball is critical for video - based analysis of team sports . however , it is difficult , especially in low - resolution images , due to the small size of the ball , its speed that creates motion blur , and its often being occluded by players . in this paper , we propose a generic and principled approach to modeling the interaction between the ball and the players while also imposing appropriate physical constraints on the ball ←
→ towards deep learning models resistant to adversarial attacks ; recent work has demonstrated that neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples , i . e ., inputs that are almost indistinguishable from natural data and yet classified incorrectly by the network . in fact , some of the latest findings suggest that the existence of adversarial attacks may be an inherent weakness of deep learning models . to address this problem , we study the adversarial robustness of neural networks through the lens of robust ←
→ stable independance and complexity of representation ; the representation of independence relations generally builds upon the well - known semigraphoid axioms of independence . recently , a representation has been proposed that captures a set of dominant statements of an independence relation from which any other statement can be generated by means of the axioms ; the cardinality of this set is taken to indicate the complexity of the relation . building upon the idea of dominance , we introduce the concept of stab ←
→ exploring outliers in crowdsourced ranking for qoe ; outlier detection is a crucial part of robust evaluation for crowdsourceable assessment of quality of experience ( qoe ) and has attracted much attention in recent years . in this paper , we propose some simple and fast algorithms for outlier detection and robust qoe evaluation based on the nonconvex optimization principle . several iterative procedures are designed with or without knowing the number of outliers in samples . theoretical analysis is given to sho ←
→ indoor uav scheduling with restful task assignment algorithm ; research in uav scheduling has obtained an emerging interest from scientists in the optimization field . when the scheduling itself has established a strong root since the 19th century , works on uav scheduling in indoor environment has come forth in the latest decade . several works on scheduling uav operations in indoor ( two and three dimensional ) and outdoor environments are reported . in this paper , a further study on uav scheduling in three dim ←
→ real - time video highlights for yahoo esports ; esports has gained global popularity in recent years and several companies have started offering live streaming videos of esports games and events . this creates opportunities to develop large scale video understanding systems for new product features and services . we present a technique for detecting highlights from live streaming videos of esports game matches . most video games use pronounced visual effects to emphasize highlight moments ; we use cnns to learn ←
→ on the use of lee ' s protocol for speckle - reducing techniques ; this paper presents two new map ( maximum a posteriori ) filters for speckle noise reduction and a monte carlo procedure for the assessment of their performance . in order to quantitatively evaluate the results obtained using these new filters , with respect to classical ones , a monte carlo extension of lee ' s protocol is proposed . this extension of the protocol shows that its original version leads to inconsistencies that hamper its use as a general ←
→ large scale purchase prediction with historical user actions on b2c online retail platform ; this paper describes the solution of bazinga team for tmall recommendation prize 2014 . with real - world user action data provided by tmall , one of the largest b2c online retail platforms in china , this competition requires to predict future user purchases on tmall website . predictions are judged on f1score , which considers both precision and recall for fair evaluation . the data set provided by tmall contains more t ←
→ single view depth estimation from examples ; we describe a non - parametric , " example - based " method for estimating the depth of an object , viewed in a single photo . our method consults a database of example 3d geometries , searching for those which look similar to the object in the photo . the known depths of the selected database objects act as shape priors which constrain the process of estimating the object ' s depth . we show how this process can be performed by optimizing a well defined target likelihood func ←
→ optical images - based edge detection in synthetic aperture radar images ; we address the issue of adapting optical images - based edge detection techniques for use in polarimetric synthetic aperture radar ( polsar ) imagery . we modify the gravitational edge detection technique ( inspired by the law of universal gravity ) proposed by lopez - molina et al , using the non - standard neighbourhood configuration proposed by fu et al , to reduce the speckle noise in polarimetric sar imagery . we compare the modified and unmodi ←
→ speech enhancement using pitch detection approach for noisy environment ; acoustical mismatch among training and testing phases degrades outstandingly speech recognition results . this problem has limited the development of real - world nonspecific applications , as testing conditions are highly variant or even unpredictable during the training process . therefore the background noise has to be removed from the noisy speech signal to increase the signal intelligibility and to reduce the listener fatigue . enhance ←
→ residual gated graph convnets ; graph - structured data such as functional brain networks , social networks , gene regulatory networks , communications networks have brought the interest in generalizing neural networks to graph domains . in this paper , we are interested to de - sign efficient neural network architectures for graphs with variable length . several existing works such as scarselli et al . ( 2009 ); li et al . ( 2016 ) have focused on recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) to solve this task . a recent different ap ←
→ towards automatic image editing : learning to see another you ; learning the distribution of images in order to generate new samples is a challenging task due to the high dimensionality of the data and the highly non - linear relations that are involved . nevertheless , some promising results have been reported in the literature recently , building on deep network architectures . in this work , we zoom in on a specific type of image generation : given an image and knowing the category of objects it belongs to ( e . g . f ←
→ structured learning of tree potentials in crf for image segmentation ; we propose a new approach to image segmentation , which exploits the advantages of both conditional random fields ( crfs ) and decision trees . in the literature , the potential functions of crfs are mostly defined as a linear combination of some pre - defined parametric models , and then methods like structured support vector machines ( ssvms ) are applied to learn those linear coefficients . we instead formulate the unary and pairwise potentials ←
→ hardware architecture for large parallel array of random feature extractors applied to image recognition ; we demonstrate a low - power and compact hardware implementation of random feature extractor ( rfe ) core . with complex tasks like image recognition requiring a large set of features , we show how weight reuse technique can allow to virtually expand the random features available from rfe core . further , we show how to avoid computation cost wasted for propagating " incognizant " or redundant random features .←
→ tasks that require , or can benefit from , matching blank nodes ; in various domains and cases , we observe the creation and usage of information elements which are unnamed . such elements do not have a name , or may have a name that is not externally referable ( usually meaningless and not persistent over time ). this paper discusses why we will never ` escape ' from the problem of having to construct mappings between such unnamed elements in information systems . since unnamed elements nowadays occur very often in ←
→ active mining of parallel video streams ; the practicality of a video surveillance system is adversely limited by the amount of queries that can be placed on human resources and their vigilance in response . to transcend this limitation , a major effort under way is to include software that ( fully or at least semi ) automatically mines video footage , reducing the burden imposed to the system . herein , we propose a semi - supervised incremental learning framework for evolving visual streams in order to develop a r ←
→ sparse representation for 3d shape estimation : a convex relaxation approach ; we investigate the problem of estimating the 3d shape of an object defined by a set of 3d landmarks , given their 2d correspondences in a single image . a successful approach to alleviating the reconstruction ambiguity is the 3d deformable shape model and a sparse representation is often used to capture complex shape variability . but the model inference is still a challenge due to the nonconvexity in optimization resulted from joi ←
→ innovative second - generation wavelets construction with recurrent neural networks for solar radiation forecasting ; solar radiation prediction is an important challenge for the electrical engineer because it is used to estimate the power developed by commercial photovoltaic modules . this paper deals with the problem of solar radiation prediction based on observed meteorological data . a 2 - day forecast is obtained by using novel wavelet recurrent neural networks ( wrnns ). in fact , these wrnns are used to exp ←
→ do convolutional networks need to be deep for text classification ? ; we study in this work the importance of depth in convolutional models for text classification , either when character or word inputs are considered . we show on 5 standard text classification and sentiment analysis tasks that deep models indeed give better performances than shallow networks when the text input is represented as a sequence of characters . however , a simple shallow - and - wide network outperforms deep models such as densenet with ←
→ imitation learning with a value - based prior ; the goal of imitation learning is for an apprentice to learn how to behave in a stochastic environment by observing a mentor demonstrating the correct behavior . accurate prior knowledge about the correct behavior can reduce the need for demonstrations from the mentor . we present a novel approach to encoding prior knowledge about the correct behavior , where we assume that this prior knowledge takes the form of a markov decision process ( mdp ) that is used by the a ←
→ let us first agree on what the term " semantics " means : an unorthodox approach to an age - old debate ; traditionally , semantics has been seen as a feature of human language . the advent of the information era has led to its widespread redefinition as an information feature . contrary to this praxis , i define semantics as a special kind of information . revitalizing the ideas of bar - hillel and carnap i have recreated and re - established the notion of semantics as the notion of semantic information . i have propos ←
→ sketching and neural networks ; high - dimensional sparse data present computational and statistical challenges for supervised learning . we propose compact linear sketches for reducing the dimensionality of the input , followed by a single layer neural network . we show that any sparse polynomial function can be computed , on nearly all sparse binary vectors , by a single layer neural network that takes a compact sketch of the vector as input . consequently , when a set of sparse binary vectors is approximately sep ←
→ explaining the unexplained : a class - enhanced attentive response ( clear ) approach to understanding deep neural networks ; in this work , we propose class - enhanced attentive response ( clear ): an approach to visualize and understand the decisions made by deep neural networks ( dnns ) given a specific input . clear facilitates the visualization of attentive regions and levels of interest of dnns during the decision - making process . it also enables the visualization of the most dominant classes associated with thes ←
→ a logic for non - monotone inductive definitions ; well - known principles of induction include monotone induction and different sorts of non - monotone induction such as inflationary induction , induction over well - founded sets and iterated induction . in this work , we define a logic formalizing induction over well - founded sets and monotone and iterated induction . just as the principle of positive induction has been formalized in fo ( lfp ), and the principle of inflationary induction has been formalized in fo ( ifp ), ←
→ inductive representation learning in large attributed graphs ; graphs ( networks ) are ubiquitous and allow us to model entities ( nodes ) and the dependencies ( edges ) between them . learning a useful feature representation from graph data lies at the heart and success of many machine learning tasks such as classification , anomaly detection , link prediction , among many others . many existing techniques use random walks as a basis for learning features or estimating the parameters of a graph model for a downstream ←
→ embedding entities and relations for learning and inference in knowledge bases ; we consider learning representations of entities and relations in kbs using the neural - embedding approach . we show that most existing models , including ntn ( socher et al ., 2013 ) and transe ( bordes et al ., 2013b ), can be generalized under a unified learning framework , where entities are low - dimensional vectors learned from a neural network and relations are bilinear and / or linear mapping functions . under this framework , we com ←
→ semi - supervised learning with deep generative models ; the ever - increasing size of modern data sets combined with the difficulty of obtaining label information has made semi - supervised learning one of the problems of significant practical importance in modern data analysis . we revisit the approach to semi - supervised learning with generative models and develop new models that allow for effective generalisation from small labelled data sets to large unlabelled ones . generative approaches have thus far been ei ←
→ towards a principled integration of multi - camera re - identification and tracking through optimal bayes filters ; with the rise of end - to - end learning through deep learning , person detectors and re - identification ( reid ) models have recently become very strong . multi - camera multi - target ( mcmt ) tracking has not fully gone through this transformation yet . we intend to take another step in this direction by presenting a theoretically principled way of integrating reid with tracking formulated as an optimal baye ←
→ two - dimensional nonseparable discrete linear canonical transform based on cm - cc - cm - cc decomposition ; as a generalization of the two - dimensional fourier transform ( 2d ft ) and 2d fractional fourier transform , the 2d nonseparable linear canonical transform ( 2d nslct ) is useful in optics , signal and image processing . to reduce the digital implementation complexity of the 2d nslct , some previous works decomposed the 2d nslct into several low - complexity operations , including 2d ft , 2d chirp multiplication ( 2d ←
→ multi - view pose estimation with mixtures - of - parts and adaptive viewpoint selection ; we propose a new method for human pose estimation which leverages information from multiple views to impose a strong prior on articulated pose . the novelty of the method concerns the types of coherence modelled . consistency is maximised over the different views through different terms modelling classical geometric information ( coherence of the resulting poses ) as well as appearance information which is modelled as latent ←
→ automatic channel fault detection and diagnosis system for a small animal apd - based digital pet scanner ; fault detection and diagnosis is critical to many applications in order to ensure proper operation and performance over time . positron emission tomography ( pet ) systems that require regular calibrations by qualified scanner operators are good candidates for such continuous improvements . furthermore , for scanners employing one - to - one coupling of crystals to photodetectors to achieve enhanced spatial re ←
→ schedulenanny : using gps to learn the user ' s significant locations , travel times and schedule ; as computing technology becomes more pervasive , personal devices such as the pda , cell - phone , and notebook should use context to determine how to act . location is one form of context that can be used in many ways . we present a multiple - device system that collects and clusters gps data into significant locations . these locations are then used to determine travel times and a probabilistic model of the user ' s sche ←
→ weight constraints as nested expressions ; we compare two recent extensions of the answer set ( stable model ) semantics of logic programs . one of them , due to lifschitz , tang and turner , allows the bodies and heads of rules to contain nested expressions . the other , due to niemela and simons , uses weight constraints . we show that there is a simple , modular translation from the language of weight constraints into the language of nested expressions that preserves the program ' s answer sets . nested expressions ca ←
→ sparse coding for multitask and transfer learning ; we investigate the use of sparse coding and dictionary learning in the context of multitask and transfer learning . the central assumption of our learning method is that the tasks parameters are well approximated by sparse linear combinations of the atoms of a dictionary on a high or infinite dimensional space . this assumption , together with the large quantity of available data in the multitask and transfer learning settings , allows a principled choice of t ←
→ a first - order non - homogeneous markov model for the response of spiking neurons stimulated by small phase - continuous signals ; we present a first - order non - homogeneous markov model for the interspike - interval density of a continuously stimulated spiking neuron . the model allows the conditional interspike - interval density and the stationary interspike - interval density to be expressed as products of two separate functions , one of which describes only the neuron characteristics , and the other of which describ ←
→ a new intelligence based approach for computer - aided diagnosis of dengue fever ; identification of the influential clinical symptoms and laboratory features that help in the diagnosis of dengue fever in early phase of the illness would aid in designing effective public health management and virological surveillance strategies . keeping this as our main objective we develop in this paper , a new computational intelligence based methodology that predicts the diagnosis in real time , minimizing the number of fa ←
→ evolution of digital logic functionality via a genetic algorithm ; digital logic forms the functional basics of most modern electronic equipment and as such the creation of novel digital logic circuits is an active area of computer engineering research . this study demonstrates that genetic algorithms can be used to evolve functionally useful sets of logic gate interconnections to create useful digital logic circuits . the efficacy of this approach is illustrated via the evolution of and , or , xor , nor , and xn ←
→ efficient web - based facial recognition system employing 2dhog ; in this paper , a system for facial recognition to identify missing and found people in hajj and umrah is described as a web portal . explicitly , we present a novel algorithm for recognition and classifications of facial images based on applying 2dpca to a 2d representation of the histogram of oriented gradients ( 2d - hog ) which maintains the spatial relation between pixels of the input images . this algorithm allows a compact representation of the ←
→ determinantal point processes for machine learning ; determinantal point processes ( dpps ) are elegant probabilistic models of repulsion that arise in quantum physics and random matrix theory . in contrast to traditional structured models like markov random fields , which become intractable and hard to approximate in the presence of negative correlations , dpps offer efficient and exact algorithms for sampling , marginalization , conditioning , and other inference tasks . we provide a gentle introduction to dpps , f ←
→ human pose forecasting via deep markov models ; human pose forecasting is an important problem in computer vision with applications to human - robot interaction , visual surveillance , and autonomous driving . usually , forecasting algorithms use 3d skeleton sequences and are trained to forecast for a few milliseconds into the future . long - range forecasting is challenging due to the difficulty of estimating how long a person continues an activity . to this end , our contributions are threefold : ( i ) we propose a gen ←
→ latent feature based fm model for rating prediction ; rating prediction is a basic problem in recommender system , and one of the most widely used method is factorization machines ( fm ). however , traditional matrix factorization methods fail to utilize the benefit of implicit feedback , which has been proved to be important in rating prediction problem . in this work , we consider a specific situation , movie rating prediction , where we assume that watching history has a big influence on his / her rating behavior on ←
→ morphology dictates a robot ' s ability to ground crowd - proposed language ; as more robots act in physical proximity to people , it is essential to ensure they make decisions and execute actions that align with human values . to do so , robots need to understand the true intentions behind human - issued commands . in this paper , we define a safe robot as one that receives a natural - language command from humans , considers an action in response to that command , and accurately predicts how humans will judge that actio ←
→ cloud computing framework for computer vision research : an introduction ; cloud computing offers the potential to help scientists to process massive number of computing resources often required in machine learning application such as computer vision problems . this proposal would like to show that which benefits can be obtained from cloud in order to help medical image analysis users ( including scientists , clinicians , and research institutes ). as security and privacy of algorithms are important for most of al ←
→ budget - aware activity detection with a recurrent policy network ; in this paper , we address the challenging problem of effi - cient temporal activity detection in untrimmed long videos . while most recent work has focused and advanced the de - tection accuracy , the inference time can take seconds to minutes in processing one video , which is computationally prohibitive for many applications with tight runtime con - straints . this motivates our proposed budget - aware frame - work , which learns to perform activity d ←
→ comparing persistence diagrams through complex vectors ; the natural pseudo - distance of spaces endowed with filtering functions is precious for shape classification and retrieval ; its optimal estimate coming from persistence diagrams is the bottleneck distance , which unfortunately suffers from combinatorial explosion . a possible algebraic representation of persistence diagrams is offered by complex polynomials ; since far polynomials represent far persistence diagrams , a fast comparison of the coefficient ve ←
→ viraliency : pooling local virality ; in our overly - connected world , the automatic recognition of virality - the quality of an image or video to be rapidly and widely spread in social networks - is of crucial importance , and has recently awaken the interest of the computer vision community . concurrently , recent progress in deep learning architectures showed that global pooling strategies allow the extraction of activation maps , which highlight the parts of the image most likely to contain instances of a cert ←
→ filtering additive measurement noise with maximum entropy in the mean ; the purpose of this note is to show how the method of maximum entropy in the mean ( mem ) may be used to improve parametric estimation when the measurements are corrupted by large level of noise . the method is developed in the context on a concrete example : that of estimation of the parameter in an exponential distribution . we compare the performance of our method with the bayesian and maximum likelihood approaches .←
→ learning from a handful volumes : mri resolution enhancement with volumetric super - resolution forests ; magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) enables 3 - d imaging of anatomical structures . however , the acquisition of mr volumes with high spatial resolution leads to long scan times . to this end , we propose volumetric super - resolution forests ( vsrf ) to enhance mri resolution retrospectively . our method learns a locally linear mapping between low - resolution and high - resolution volumetric image patches by employing ←
→ theoretical analysis of bayesian optimisation with unknown gaussian process hyper - parameters ; bayesian optimisation has gained great popularity as a tool for optimising the parameters of machine learning algorithms and models . somewhat ironically , setting up the hyper - parameters of bayesian optimisation methods is notoriously hard . while reasonable practical solutions have been advanced , they can often fail to find the best optima . surprisingly , there is little theoretical analysis of this crucial proble ←
→ deep mean maps ; the use of distributions and high - level features from deep architecture has become commonplace in modern computer vision . both of these methodologies have separately achieved a great deal of success in many computer vision tasks . however , there has been little work attempting to leverage the power of these to methodologies jointly . to this end , this paper presents the deep mean maps ( dmms ) framework , a novel family of methods to non - parametrically represent distributions of features in conv ←
→ classification based grasp detection using spatial transformer network ; robotic grasp detection task is still challenging , particularly for novel objects . with the recent advance of deep learning , there have been several works on detecting robotic grasp using neural networks . typically , regression based grasp detection methods have outperformed classification based detection methods in computation complexity with excellent accuracy . however , classification based robotic grasp detection still seems to have ←
→ revisiting active perception ; despite the recent successes in robotics , artificial intelligence and computer vision , a complete artificial agent necessarily must include active perception . a multitude of ideas and methods for how to accomplish this have already appeared in the past , their broader utility perhaps impeded by insufficient computational power or costly hardware . the history of these ideas , perhaps selective due to our perspectives , is presented with the goal of organizing the past literature a ←
→ inversefacenet : deep single - shot inverse face rendering from a single image ; we introduce inversefacenet , a deep convolutional inverse rendering framework for faces that jointly estimates facial pose , shape , expression , reflectance and illumination from a single input image in a single shot . by estimating all these parameters from just a single image , advanced editing possibilities on a single face image , such as appearance editing and relighting , become feasible . previous learning - based face reconstruct ←
→ a novel approach to multimedia ontology engineering for automated reasoning over audiovisual lod datasets ; multimedia reasoning , which is suitable for , among others , multimedia content analysis and high - level video scene interpretation , relies on the formal and comprehensive conceptualization of the represented knowledge domain . however , most multimedia ontologies are not exhaustive in terms of role definitions , and do not incorporate complex role inclusions and role interdependencies . in fact , most mult ←
→ kernel - based generative learning in distortion feature space ; this paper presents a novel kernel - based generative classifier which is defined in a distortion subspace using polynomial series expansion , named kernel - distortion ( kd ) classifier . an iterative kernel selection algorithm is developed to steadily improve classification performance by repeatedly removing and adding kernels . the experimental results on character recognition application not only show that the proposed generative classifier performs ←
→ synthesizing filamentary structured images with gans ; this paper aims at synthesizing filamentary structured images such as retinal fundus images and neuronal images , as follows : given a ground - truth , to generate multiple realistic looking phantoms . a ground - truth could be a binary segmentation map containing the filamentary structured morphology , while the synthesized output image is of the same size as the ground - truth and has similar visual appearance to what have been presented in the training set . our ←
→ publishing a quality context - aware annotated corpus and lexicon for harassment research ; having a quality annotated corpus is essential especially for applied research . despite the recent focus of web science community on researching about cyberbullying , the community dose not still have standard benchmarks . in this paper , we publish first , a quality annotated corpus and second , an offensive words lexicon capturing different types type of harassment as ( i ) sexual harassment , ( ii ) racial harassment , ( iii )←
→ gradient descent revisited via an adaptive online learning rate ; any gradient descent optimization requires to choose a learning rate . with deeper and deeper models , tuning that learning rate can easily become tedious and does not necessarily lead to an ideal convergence . we propose a variation of the gradient descent algorithm in the which the learning rate is not fixed . instead , we learn the learning rate itself , either by another gradient descent ( first - order method ), or by newton ' s method ( second - order ←
→ tumor motion tracking in liver ultrasound images using mean shift and active contour ; in this paper we present a new method for motion tracking of tumors in liver ultrasound image sequences . our algorithm has two main steps . in the first step , we apply mean shift algorithm with multiple features to estimate the center of the target in each frame . target in the first frame is defined using an ellipse . edge , texture , and intensity features are extracted from the first frame , and then mean shift algorithm i ←
→ neural machine translation with recurrent attention modeling ; knowing which words have been attended to in previous time steps while generating a translation is a rich source of information for predicting what words will be attended to in the future . we improve upon the attention model of bahdanau et al . ( 2014 ) by explicitly modeling the relationship between previous and subsequent attention levels for each word using one recurrent network per input word . this architecture easily captures informative featu ←
→ denoising dictionary learning against adversarial perturbations ; we propose denoising dictionary learning ( ddl ), a simple yet effective technique as a protection measure against adversarial perturbations . we examined denoising dictionary learning on mnist and cifar10 perturbed under two different perturbation techniques , fast gradient sign ( fgsm ) and jacobian saliency maps ( jsma ). we evaluated it against five different deep neural networks ( dnn ) representing the building blocks of most recent architectures ←
→ decomposition bounds for marginal map ; marginal map inference involves making map predictions in systems defined with latent variables or missing information . it is significantly more difficult than pure marginalization and map tasks , for which a large class of efficient and convergent variational algorithms , such as dual decomposition , exist . in this work , we generalize dual decomposition to a generic power sum inference task , which includes marginal map , along with pure marginalization and map , as specia ←
→ bootstrap bias corrections for ensemble methods ; this paper examines the use of a residual bootstrap for bias correction in machine learning regression methods . accounting for bias is an important obstacle in recent efforts to develop statistical inference for machine learning methods . we demonstrate empirically that the proposed bootstrap bias correction can lead to substantial improvements in both bias and predictive accuracy . in the context of ensembles of trees , we show that this correction can be appr ←
→ intelligent hybrid man - machine translation quality estimation ; inferring evaluation scores based on human judgments is invaluable compared to using current evaluation metrics which are not suitable for real - time applications e . g . post - editing . however , these judgments are much more expensive to collect especially from expert translators , compared to evaluation based on indicators contrasting source and translation texts . this work introduces a novel approach for quality estimation by combining learnt confi ←
→ face parsing via a fully - convolutional continuous crf neural network ; in this work , we address the face parsing task with a fully - convolutional continuous crf neural network ( fc - cnn ) architecture . in contrast to previous face parsing methods that apply region - based subnetwork hundreds of times , our fc - cnn is fully convolutional with high segmentation accuracy . to achieve this goal , fc - cnn integrates three subnetworks , a unary network , a pairwise network and a continuous conditional random field ( c - crf ) net ←
→ configurable , photorealistic image rendering and ground truth synthesis by sampling stochastic grammars representing indoor scenes ; we propose the configurable rendering of massive quantities of photorealistic images with ground truth for the purposes of training , benchmarking , and diagnosing computer vision models . in contrast to the conventional ( crowd - sourced ) manual labeling of ground truth for a relatively modest number of rgb - d images captured by kinect - like sensors , we devise a non - trivial configu ←
→ probabilistic feature selection and classification vector machine ; sparse bayesian learning is one of the state - of - the - art machine learning algorithms , which is able to make stable and reliable probabilistic predictions . however , some of these algorithms , e . g . probabilistic classification vector machine ( pcvm ) and relevant vector machine ( rvm ), are not capable of eliminating irrelevant and redundant features which could lead to performance degradation . to tackle this problem , in this paper , we propose a s ←
→ models vs . inductive inference for dealing with probabilistic knowledge ; two different approaches to dealing with probabilistic knowledge are examined - models and inductive inference . examples of the first are : influence diagrams [ 1 ], bayesian networks [ 2 ], log - linear models [ 3 , 4 ]. examples of the second are : games - against nature [ 5 , 6 ] varieties of maximum - entropy methods [ 7 , 8 , 9 ], and the author ' s min - score induction [ 10 ]. in the modeling approach , the basic issue is manageability , with respect to data ←
→ bayesian sparsification of recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks show state - of - the - art results in many text analysis tasks but often require a lot of memory to store their weights . recently proposed sparse variational dropout eliminates the majority of the weights in a feed - forward neural network without significant loss of quality . we apply this technique to sparsify recurrent neural networks . to account for recurrent specifics we also rely on binary variational dropout for rnn . we report 9 ←
→ structural feature selection for event logs ; we consider the problem of classifying business process instances based on structural features derived from event logs . the main motivation is to provide machine learning based techniques with quick response times for interactive computer assisted root cause analysis . in particular , we create structural features from process mining such as activity and transition occurrence counts , and ordering of activities to be evaluated as potential features for classificati ←
→ asian stamps identification and classification system ; in this paper , we address the problem of stamp recognition . the goal is to classify a given stamp to a certain country and also identify the year it is published . we propose a new approach for stamp recognition based on describing a given stamp image using color information and texture information . for color information we use color histogram for the entire image and for texture we use two features . sift which is based on local feature descriptors and ←
→ learning to teach reinforcement learning agents ; in this article we study the transfer learning model of action advice under a budget . we focus on reinforcement learning teachers providing action advice to heterogeneous students playing the game of pac - man under a limited advice budget . first , we examine several critical factors affecting advice quality in this setting , such as the average performance of the teacher , its variance and the importance of reward discounting in advising . the experiments show th ←
→ extending universal intelligence models with formal notion of representation ; solomonoff induction is known to be universal , but incomputable . its approximations , namely , the minimum description ( or message ) length ( mdl ) principles , are adopted in practice in the efficient , but non - universal form . recent attempts to bridge this gap leaded to development of the representational mdl principle that originates from formal decomposition of the task of induction . in this paper , possible extension of the rmdl p ←
→ designing a belief function - based accessibility indicator to improve web browsing for disabled people ; the purpose of this study is to provide an accessibility measure of web - pages , in order to draw disabled users to the pages that have been designed to be ac - cessible to them . our approach is based on the theory of belief functions , using data which are supplied by reports produced by automatic web content assessors that test the validity of criteria defined by the wcag 2 . 0 guidelines proposed by the wor ←
→ automatic detection of pulmonary embolism using computational intelligence ; this article describes the implementation of a system designed to automatically detect the presence of pulmonary embolism in lung scans . these images are firstly segmented , before alignment and feature extraction using pca . the neural network was trained using the hybrid monte carlo method , resulting in a committee of 250 neural networks and good results are obtained .←
→ robust pca via nonconvex rank approximation ; numerous applications in data mining and machine learning require recovering a matrix of minimal rank . robust principal component analysis ( rpca ) is a general framework for handling this kind of problems . nuclear norm based convex surrogate of the rank function in rpca is widely investigated . under certain assumptions , it can recover the underlying true low rank matrix with high probability . however , those assumptions may not hold in real - world applications . sin ←
→ a method of moments for mixture models and hidden markov models ; mixture models are a fundamental tool in applied statistics and machine learning for treating data taken from multiple subpopulations . the current practice for estimating the parameters of such models relies on local search heuristics ( e . g ., the em algorithm ) which are prone to failure , and existing consistent methods are unfavorable due to their high computational and sample complexity which typically scale exponentially with the number of m ←
→ slice sampling covariance hyperparameters of latent gaussian models ; the gaussian process ( gp ) is a popular way to specify dependencies between random variables in a probabilistic model . in the bayesian framework the covariance structure can be specified using unknown hyperparameters . integrating over these hyperparameters considers different possible explanations for the data when making predictions . this integration is often performed using markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) sampling . however , with non - gaus ←
→ temporal dynamics of semantic relations in word embeddings : an application to predicting armed conflict participants ; this paper deals with using word embedding models to trace the temporal dynamics of semantic relations between pairs of words . the set - up is similar to the well - known analogies task , but expanded with a time dimension . to this end , we apply incremental updating of the models with new training texts , including incremental vocabulary expansion , coupled with learned transformation matrices t ←
→ domain - dependent knowledge in answer set planning ; in this paper we consider three different kinds of domain - dependent control knowledge ( temporal , procedural and htn - based ) that are useful in planning . our approach is declarative and relies on the language of logic programming with answer set semantics ( ansprolog *). ansprolog * is designed to plan without control knowledge . we show how temporal , procedural and htn - based control knowledge can be incorporated into ansprolog * by the modular addition of a smal ←
→ coupled compound poisson factorization ; we present a general framework , the coupled compound poisson factorization ( ccpf ), to capture the missing - data mechanism in extremely sparse data sets by coupling a hierarchical poisson factorization with an arbitrary data - generating model . we derive a stochastic variational inference algorithm for the resulting model and , as examples of our framework , implement three different data - generating models --- a mixture model , linear regression , and factor analysis --- to robu ←
→ semantic image based geolocation given a map ; the problem visual place recognition is commonly used strategy for localization . most successful appearance based methods typically rely on a large database of views endowed with local or global image descriptors and strive to retrieve the views of the same location . the quality of the results is often affected by the density of the reference views and the robustness of the image representation with respect to viewpoint variations , clutter and seasonal changes .←
→ sss * = alpha - beta + tt ; in 1979 stockman introduced the sss * minimax search algorithm that domi - nates alpha - beta in the number of leaf nodes expanded . further investigation of the algorithm showed that it had three serious drawbacks , which prevented its use by practitioners : it is difficult to understand , it has large memory requirements , and it is slow . this paper presents an alternate formulation of sss *, in which it is implemented as a series of alpha - beta calls that use a transposition table ( ab - sss *←
→ constructions définitoires des tables du lexique - grammaire ; lexicon - grammar tables are a very rich syntactic lexicon for the french language . this linguistic database is nevertheless not directly suitable for use by computer programs , as it is incomplete and lacks consistency . tables are defined on the basis of features which are not explicitly recorded in the lexicon . these features are only described in literature . our aim is to define for each tables these essential properties to make them usable in var ←
→ morphological embeddings for named entity recognition in morphologically rich languages ; in this work , we present new state - of - the - art results of 93 . 59 ,% and 79 . 59 ,% for turkish and czech named entity recognition based on the model of ( lample et al ., 2016 ). we contribute by proposing several schemes for representing the morphological analysis of a word in the context of named entity recognition . we show that a concatenation of this representation with the word and character embeddings improves the perfor ←
→ low - rank inducing norms with optimality interpretations ; optimization problems with rank constraints appear in many diverse fields such as control , machine learning and image analysis . since the rank constraint is non - convex , these problems are often approximately solved via convex relaxations . nuclear norm regularization is the prevailing convexifying technique for dealing with these types of problem . this paper introduces a family of low - rank inducing norms and regularizers which includes the nuclear nor ←
→ calculating entropy at different scales among diverse communication systems ; we evaluated the impact of changing the observation scale over the entropy measures for text descriptions . midi coded music , computer code and two human natural languages were studied at the scale of characters , words , and at the fundamental scale resulting from adjusting the symbols length used to interpret each text - description until it produced minimum entropy . the results show that the fundamental scale method is comparable ←
→ the fundamental learning problem that genetic algorithms with uniform crossover solve efficiently and repeatedly as evolution proceeds ; this paper establishes theoretical bonafides for implicit concurrent multivariate effect evaluation -- implicit concurrency for short --- a broad and versatile computational learning efficiency thought to underlie general - purpose , non - local , noise - tolerant optimization in genetic algorithms with uniform crossover ( ugas ). we demonstrate that implicit concurrency is indeed a f ←
→ non - rigid image registration using fully convolutional networks with deep self - supervision ; we propose a novel non - rigid image registration algorithm that is built upon fully convolutional networks ( fcns ) to optimize and learn spatial transformations between pairs of images to be registered . different from most existing deep learning based image registration methods that learn spatial transformations from training data with known corresponding spatial transformations , our method directly estimates spatia ←
→ coarse - to - fine surgical instrument detection for cataract surgery monitoring ; the amount of surgical data , recorded during video - monitored surgeries , has extremely increased . this paper aims at improving existing solutions for the automated analysis of cataract surgeries in real time . through the analysis of a video recording the operating table , it is possible to know which instruments exit or enter the operating table , and therefore which ones are likely being used by the surgeon . combining these obser ←
→ scalable semidefinite relaxation for maximum a posterior estimation ; maximum a posteriori ( map ) inference over discrete markov random fields is a fundamental task spanning a wide spectrum of real - world applications , which is known to be np - hard for general graphs . in this paper , we propose a novel semidefinite relaxation formulation ( referred to as sdr ) to estimate the map assignment . algorithmically , we develop an accelerated variant of the alternating direction method of multipliers ( referred to as sdpad ←
→ effect of degree distribution on evolutionary search ; this paper introduces a method to generate hierarchically modular networks with prescribed node degree list and proposes a metric to measure network modularity based on the notion of edge distance . the generated networks are used as test problems to explore the effect of modularity and degree distribution on evolutionary algorithm performance . results from the experiments ( i ) confirm a previous finding that modularity increases the performance advantage ←
→ tagger evaluation given hierarchical tag sets ; we present methods for evaluating human and automatic taggers that extend current practice in three ways . first , we show how to evaluate taggers that assign multiple tags to each test instance , even if they do not assign probabilities . second , we show how to accommodate a common property of manually constructed `` gold standards '' that are typically used for objective evaluation , namely that there is often more than one correct answer . third , we show how to mea ←
→ petrarch 2 : petrarcher ; petrarch 2 is the fourth generation of a series of event - data coders stemming from research by phillip schrodt . each iteration has brought new functionality and usability , and this is no exception . petrarch 2 takes much of the power of the original petrarch ' s dictionaries and redirects it into a faster and smarter core logic . earlier iterations handled sentences largely as a list of words , incorporating some syntactic information here and there . petrarch 2 now views the sentence ent ←
→ transform invariant auto - encoder ; the auto - encoder method is a type of dimensionality reduction method . a mapping from a vector to a descriptor that represents essential information can be automatically generated from a set of vectors without any supervising information . however , an image and its spatially shifted version are encoded into different descriptors by an existing ordinary auto - encoder because each descriptor includes a spatial subpattern and its position . to generate a descriptor representing a ←
→ mimicking word embeddings using subword rnns ; word embeddings improve generalization over lexical features by placing each word in a lower - dimensional space , using distributional information obtained from unlabeled data . however , the effectiveness of word embeddings for downstream nlp tasks is limited by out - of - vocabulary ( oov ) words , for which embeddings do not exist . in this paper , we present mimick , an approach to generating oov word embeddings compositionally , by learning a function from spellings to d ←
→ a model of pathways to artificial superintelligence catastrophe for risk and decision analysis ; an artificial superintelligence ( asi ) is artificial intelligence that is significantly more intelligent than humans in all respects . while asi does not currently exist , some scholars propose that it could be created sometime in the future , and furthermore that its creation could cause a severe global catastrophe , possibly even resulting in human extinction . given the high stakes , it is important to analyze asi ←
→ neutral fitness landscape in the cellular automata majority problem ; we study in detail the fitness landscape of a difficult cellular automata computational task : the majority problem . our results show why this problem landscape is so hard to search , and we quantify the large degree of neutrality found in various ways . we show that a particular subspace of the solution space , called the " olympus ", is where good solutions concentrate , and give measures to quantitatively characterize this subspace .←
→ road damage detection using deep neural networks with images captured through a smartphone ; research on damage detection of road surfaces using image processing techniques has been actively conducted , achieving considerably high detection accuracies . many studies only focus on the detection of the presence or absence of damage . however , in a real - world scenario , when the road managers from a governing body need to repair such damage , they need to clearly understand the type of damage in order to take eff ←
→ energy - based spherical sparse coding ; in this paper , we explore an efficient variant of convolutional sparse coding with unit norm code vectors where reconstruction quality is evaluated using an inner product ( cosine distance ). to use these codes for discriminative classification , we describe a model we term energy - based spherical sparse coding ( eb - ssc ) in which the hypothesized class label introduces a learned linear bias into the coding step . we evaluate and visualize performance of stacking this encoder ←
→ deep functional maps : structured prediction for dense shape correspondence ; we introduce a new framework for learning dense correspondence between deformable 3d shapes . existing learning based approaches model shape correspondence as a labelling problem , where each point of a query shape receives a label identifying a point on some reference domain ; the correspondence is then constructed a posteriori by composing the label predictions of two input shapes . we propose a paradigm shift and design a structur ←
→ a fuzzy view on k - means based signal quantization with application in iris segmentation ; this paper shows that the k - means quantization of a signal can be interpreted both as a crisp indicator function and as a fuzzy membership assignment describing fuzzy clusters and fuzzy boundaries . combined crisp and fuzzy indicator functions are defined here as natural generalizations of the ordinary crisp and fuzzy indicator functions , respectively . an application to iris segmentation is presented together with a d ←
→ integrating defeasible argumentation and machine learning techniques ; the field of machine learning ( ml ) is concerned with the question of how to construct algorithms that automatically improve with experience . in recent years many successful ml applications have been developed , such as datamining programs , information - filtering systems , etc . although ml algorithms allow the detection and extraction of interesting patterns of data for several kinds of problems , most of these algorithms are based on quantit ←
→ cumulative distribution networks and the derivative - sum - product algorithm ; we introduce a new type of graphical model called a " cumulative distribution network " ( cdn ), which expresses a joint cumulative distribution as a product of local functions . each local function can be viewed as providing evidence about possible orderings , or rankings , of variables . interestingly , we find that the conditional independence properties of cdns are quite different from other graphical models . we also describe a message ←
→ one - vs - each approximation to softmax for scalable estimation of probabilities ; the softmax representation of probabilities for categorical variables plays a prominent role in modern machine learning with numerous applications in areas such as large scale classification , neural language modeling and recommendation systems . however , softmax estimation is very expensive for large scale inference because of the high cost associated with computing the normalizing constant . here , we introduce an efficient appr ←
→ reasoning about explanations for negative query answers in dl - lite ; in order to meet usability requirements , most logic - based applications provide explanation facilities for reasoning services . this holds also for description logics , where research has focused on the explanation of both tbox reasoning and , more recently , query answering . besides explaining the presence of a tuple in a query answer , it is important to explain also why a given tuple is missing . we address the latter problem for instance and ←
→ automatic layer separation using light field imaging ; we propose a novel approach that jointly removes reflection or translucent layer from a scene and estimates scene depth . the input data are captured via light field imaging . the problem is couched as minimizing the rank of the transmitted scene layer via robust principle component analysis ( rpca ). we also impose regularization based on piecewise smoothness , gradient sparsity , and layer independence to simultaneously recover 3d geometry of the transmitte ←
→ rollout sampling policy iteration for decentralized pomdps ; we present decentralized rollout sampling policy iteration ( decrspi ) - a new algorithm for multi - agent decision problems formalized as dec - pomdps . decrspi is designed to improve scalability and tackle problems that lack an explicit model . the algorithm uses monte - carlo methods to generate a sample of reachable belief states . then it computes a joint policy for each belief state based on the rollout estimations . a new policy representation allows ←
→ phase congruency parameter optimization for enhanced detection of image features for both natural and medical applications ; following the presentation and proof of the hypothesis that image features are particularly perceived at points where the fourier components are maximally in phase , the concept of phase congruency ( pc ) is introduced . subsequently , a two - dimensional multi - scale phase congruency ( 2d - mspc ) is developed , which has been an important tool for detecting and evaluation of image features . ho ←
→ on measuring and quantifying performance : error rates , surrogate loss , and an example in ssl ; in various approaches to learning , notably in domain adaptation , active learning , learning under covariate shift , semi - supervised learning , learning with concept drift , and the like , one often wants to compare a baseline classifier to one or more advanced ( or at least different ) strategies . in this chapter , we basically argue that if such classifiers , in their respective training phases , optimize a so - called sur ←
→ an alternative conception of tree - adjoining derivation ; the precise formulation of derivation for tree - adjoining grammars has important ramifications for a wide variety of uses of the formalism , from syntactic analysis to semantic interpretation and statistical language modeling . we argue that the definition of tree - adjoining derivation must be reformulated in order to manifest the proper linguistic dependencies in derivations . the particular proposal is both precisely characterizable through a definition ←
→ crowdmi : multiple imputation via crowdsourcing ; can humans impute missing data with similar proficiency as machines ? this is the question we aim to answer in this paper . we present a novel idea of converting observations with missing data in to a survey questionnaire , which is presented to crowdworkers for completion . we replicate a multiple imputation framework by having multiple unique crowdworkers complete our questionnaire . experimental results demonstrate that using our method , it is possible to gener ←
→ affinity weighted embedding ; supervised ( linear ) embedding models like wsabie and psi have proven successful at ranking , recommendation and annotation tasks . however , despite being scalable to large datasets they do not take full advantage of the extra data due to their linear nature , and typically underfit . we propose a new class of models which aim to provide improved performance while retaining many of the benefits of the existing class of embedding models . our new approach works by iteratively learning ←
→ canonical logic programs are succinctly incomparable with propositional formulas ; \ emph { canonical ( logic ) programs } ( cp ) refer to normal logic programs augmented with connective $ not \ not $. in this paper we address the question of whether cp are \ emph { succinctly incomparable } with \ emph { propositional formulas } ( pf ). our main result shows that the parity problem , which can be polynomially represented in pf but \ emph { only } has exponential representations in cp . in other words , parity \ emph { separates } pf fr ←
→ random subspace two - dimensional lda for face recognition ; in this paper , a novel technique named random subspace two - dimensional lda ( rs - 2dlda ) is developed for face recognition . this approach offers a number of improvements over the random subspace two - dimensional pca ( rs2dpca ) framework introduced by nguyen et al . [ 5 ]. firstly , the eigenvectors from 2dlda have more discriminative power than those from 2dpca , resulting in higher accuracy for the rs - 2dlda method over rs - 2dpca . various distance metrics are ←
→ vanets meet autonomous vehicles : a multimodal 3d environment learning approach ; in this paper , we design a multimodal framework for object detection , recognition and mapping based on the fusion of stereo camera frames , point cloud velodyne lidar scans , and vehicle - to - vehicle ( v2v ) basic safety messages ( bsms ) exchanged using dedicated short range communication ( dsrc ). we merge the key features of rich texture descriptions of objects from 2d images , depth and distance between objects provided by 3d point ←
→ hindsight policy gradients ; goal - conditional policies allow reinforcement learning agents to pursue specific goals during different episodes . in addition to their potential to generalize desired behavior to unseen goals , such policies may also help in defining options for arbitrary subgoals , enabling higher - level planning . while trying to achieve a specific goal , an agent may also be able to exploit information about the degree to which it has achieved alternative goals . reinforcement learning agents have ←
→ simplifying energy optimization using partial enumeration ; energies with high - order non - submodular interactions have been shown to be very useful in vision due to their high modeling power . optimization of such energies , however , is generally np - hard . a naive approach that works for small problem instances is exhaustive search , that is , enumeration of all possible labelings of the underlying graph . we propose a general minimization approach for large graphs based on enumeration of labelings of certain smal ←
→ kernel nonnegative matrix factorization without the curse of the pre - image - application to unmixing hyperspectral images ; the nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is widely used in signal and image processing , including bio - informatics , blind source separation and hyperspectral image analysis in remote sensing . a great challenge arises when dealing with a nonlinear formulation of the nmf . within the framework of kernel machines , the models suggested in the literature do not allow the representation of ←
→ predicting grades ; to increase efficacy in traditional classroom courses as well as in massive open online courses ( moocs ), automated systems supporting the instructor are needed . one important problem is to automatically detect students that are going to do poorly in a course early enough to be able to take remedial actions . existing grade prediction systems focus on maximizing the accuracy of the prediction while overseeing the importance of issuing timely and personalized predictions . this paper propose ←
→ artificial intelligence and data science in the automotive industry ; data science and machine learning are the key technologies when it comes to the processes and products with automatic learning and optimization to be used in the automotive industry of the future . this article defines the terms " data science " ( also referred to as " data analytics ") and " machine learning " and how they are related . in addition , it defines the term " optimizing analytics " and illustrates the role of automatic optimization as a ←
→ learned - norm pooling for deep feedforward and recurrent neural networks ; in this paper we propose and investigate a novel nonlinear unit , called $ l_p $ unit , for deep neural networks . the proposed $ l_p $ unit receives signals from several projections of a subset of units in the layer below and computes a normalized $ l_p $ norm . we notice two interesting interpretations of the $ l_p $ unit . first , the proposed unit can be understood as a generalization of a number of conventional pooling operators such as averag ←
→ understanding abuse : a typology of abusive language detection subtasks ; as the body of research on abusive language detection and analysis grows , there is a need for critical consideration of the relationships between different subtasks that have been grouped under this label . based on work on hate speech , cyberbullying , and online abuse we propose a typology that captures central similarities and differences between subtasks and we discuss its implications for data annotation and feature construction . we ←
→ clustering and community detection with imbalanced clusters ; spectral clustering methods which are frequently used in clustering and community detection applications are sensitive to the specific graph constructions particularly when imbalanced clusters are present . we show that ratio cut ( rcut ) or normalized cut ( ncut ) objectives are not tailored to imbalanced cluster sizes since they tend to emphasize cut sizes over cut values . we propose a graph partitioning problem that seeks minimum cut partitions und ←
→ ranking pages by topology and popularity within web sites ; we compare two link analysis ranking methods of web pages in a site . the first , called site rank , is an adaptation of pagerank to the granularity of a web site and the second , called popularity rank , is based on the frequencies of user clicks on the outlinks in a page that are captured by navigation sessions of users through the web site . we ran experiments on artificially created web sites of different sizes and on two real data sets , employing th ←
→ stochastic neural networks for hierarchical reinforcement learning ; deep reinforcement learning has achieved many impressive results in recent years . however , tasks with sparse rewards or long horizons continue to pose significant challenges . to tackle these important problems , we propose a general framework that first learns useful skills in a pre - training environment , and then leverages the acquired skills for learning faster in downstream tasks . our approach brings together some of the strengths of intr ←
→ simple open stance classification for rumour analysis ; stance classification determines the attitude , or stance , in a ( typically short ) text . the task has powerful applications , such as the detection of fake news or the automatic extraction of attitudes toward entities or events in the media . this paper describes a surprisingly simple and efficient classification approach to open stance classification in twitter , for rumour and veracity classification . the approach profits from a novel set of automatically ←
→ sweep distortion removal from thz images via blind demodulation ; heavy sweep distortion induced by alignments and inter - reflections of layers of a sample is a major burden in recovering 2d and 3d information in time resolved spectral imaging . this problem cannot be addressed by conventional denoising and signal processing techniques as it heavily depends on the physics of the acquisition . here we propose and implement an algorithmic framework based on low - rank matrix recovery and alternating minimization t ←
→ unsupervised real - time control through variational empowerment ; we introduce a methodology for efficiently computing a lower bound to empowerment , allowing it to be used as an unsupervised cost function for policy learning in real - time control . empowerment , being the channel capacity between actions and states , maximises the influence of an agent on its near future . it has been shown to be a good model of biological behaviour in the absence of an extrinsic goal . but empowerment is also prohibitively hard t ←
→ accelerated block coordinate proximal gradients with applications in high dimensional statistics ; nonconvex optimization problems arise in different research fields and arouse lots of attention in signal processing , statistics and machine learning . in this work , we explore the accelerated proximal gradient method and some of its variants which have been shown to converge under nonconvex context recently . we show that a novel variant proposed here , which exploits adaptive momentum and block coordinate upd ←
→ on the semi - markov equivalence of causal models ; the variability of structure in a finite markov equivalence class of causally sufficient models represented by directed acyclic graphs has been fully characterized . without causal sufficiency , an infinite semi - markov equivalence class of models has only been characterized by the fact that each model in the equivalence class entails the same marginal statistical dependencies . in this paper , we study the variability of structure of causal models within a semi -←
→ accelerating stochastic gradient descent ; there is widespread sentiment that it is not possible to effectively utilize fast gradient methods ( e . g . nesterov ' s acceleration , conjugate gradient , heavy ball ) for the purposes of stochastic optimization due to their instability and error accumulation , a notion made precise in d ' aspremont 2008 and devolder , glineur , and nesterov 2014 . this work considers these issues for the special case of stochastic approximation for the least squares regression problem , and ou ←
→ discriminative sparsity for sonar atr ; advancements in sonar image capture have enabled researchers to apply sophisticated object identification algorithms in order to locate targets of interest in images such as mines . despite progress in this field , modern sonar automatic target recognition ( atr ) approaches lack robustness to the amount of noise one would expect in real - world scenarios , the capability to handle blurring incurred from the physics of image capture , and the ability to excel with relatively ←
→ twitter sentiment analysis ; this project addresses the problem of sentiment analysis in twitter ; that is classifying tweets according to the sentiment expressed in them : positive , negative or neutral . twitter is an online micro - blogging and social - networking platform which allows users to write short status updates of maximum length 140 characters . it is a rapidly expanding service with over 200 million registered users - out of which 100 million are active users and half of them log on twitter on a daily ←
→ neuroevolution on the edge of chaos ; echo state networks represent a special type of recurrent neural networks . recent papers stated that the echo state networks maximize their computational performance on the transition between order and chaos , the so - called edge of chaos . this work confirms this statement in a comprehensive set of experiments . furthermore , the echo state networks are compared to networks evolved via neuroevolution . the evolved networks outperform the echo state networks , however , the evo ←
→ phase retrieval using alternating minimization ; phase retrieval problems involve solving linear equations , but with missing sign ( or phase , for complex numbers ) information . more than four decades after it was first proposed , the seminal error reduction algorithm of ( gerchberg and saxton 1972 ) and ( fienup 1982 ) is still the popular choice for solving many variants of this problem . the algorithm is based on alternating minimization ; i . e . it alternates between estimating the missing phase information , and th ←
→ concurrent spatial and channel squeeze & excitation in fully convolutional networks ; fully convolutional neural networks ( f - cnns ) have set the state - of - the - art in image segmentation for a plethora of applications . architectural innovations within f - cnns have mainly focused on improving spatial encoding or network connectivity to aid gradient flow . in this paper , we explore an alternate direction of recalibrating the feature maps adaptively , to boost meaningful features , while suppressing weak ones . we dr ←
→ estimating a causal order among groups of variables in linear models ; the machine learning community has recently devoted much attention to the problem of inferring causal relationships from statistical data . most of this work has focused on uncovering connections among scalar random variables . we generalize existing methods to apply to collections of multi - dimensional random vectors , focusing on techniques applicable to linear models . the performance of the resulting algorithms is evaluated and compared i ←
→ replication issues in syntax - based aspect extraction for opinion mining ; reproducing experiments is an important instrument to validate previous work and build upon existing approaches . it has been tackled numerous times in different areas of science . in this paper , we introduce an empirical replicability study of three well - known algorithms for syntactic centric aspect - based opinion mining . we show that reproducing results continues to be a difficult endeavor , mainly due to the lack of details regarding p ←
→ a polynomial time algorithm for finding bayesian probabilities from marginal constraints ; a method of calculating probability values from a system of marginal constraints is presented . previous systems for finding the probability of a single attribute have either made an independence assumption concerning the evidence or have required , in the worst case , time exponential in the number of attributes of the system . in this paper a closed form solution to the probability of an attribute given the evidence i ←
→ an approach to speed - up the word sense disambiguation procedure through sense filtering ; in this paper , we are going to focus on speed up of the word sense disambiguation procedure by filtering the relevant senses of an ambiguous word through part - of - speech tagging . first , this proposed approach performs the part - of - speech tagging operation before the disambiguation procedure using bigram approximation . as a result , the exact part - of - speech of the ambiguous word at a particular text instance is derived . ←
→ segmentation of the proximal femur from mr images using deep convolutional neural networks ; magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) has been proposed as a complimentary method to measure bone quality and assess fracture risk . however , manual segmentation of mr images of bone is time - consuming , limiting the use of mri measurements in the clinical practice . the purpose of this paper is to present an automatic proximal femur segmentation method that is based on deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). this study ←
→ a bennett inequality for the missing mass ; novel concentration inequalities are obtained for the missing mass , i . e . the total probability mass of the outcomes not observed in the sample . we derive distribution - free deviation bounds with sublinear exponents in deviation size for missing mass and improve the results of berend and kontorovich ( 2013 ) and yari saeed khanloo and haffari ( 2015 ) for small deviations which is the most important case in learning theory .←
→ second - order kernel online convex optimization with adaptive sketching ; kernel online convex optimization ( koco ) is a framework combining the expressiveness of non - parametric kernel models with the regret guarantees of online learning . first - order koco methods such as functional gradient descent require only $\ mathcal { o }( t )$ time and space per iteration , and , when the only information on the losses is their convexity , achieve a minimax optimal $\ mathcal { o }(\ sqrt { t })$ regret . nonetheless , many common losses ←
→ feature selection through minimization of the vc dimension ; feature selection involes identifying the most relevant subset of input features , with a view to improving generalization of predictive models by reducing overfitting . directly searching for the most relevant combination of attributes is np - hard . variable selection is of critical importance in many applications , such as micro - array data analysis , where selecting a small number of discriminative features is crucial to developing useful models of di ←
→ joint 3d proposal generation and object detection from view aggregation ; we present avod , an aggregate view object detection network for autonomous driving scenarios . the proposed neural network architecture uses lidar point clouds and rgb images to generate features that are shared by two subnetworks : a region proposal network ( rpn ) and a second stage detector network . the proposed rpn uses a novel architecture capable of performing multimodal feature fusion on high resolution feature maps to generate rel ←
→ the treasure beneath convolutional layers : cross - convolutional - layer pooling for image classification ; a number of recent studies have shown that a deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ) pretrained on a large dataset can be adopted as a universal image description which leads to astounding performance in many visual classification tasks . most of these studies , if not all , adopt activations of the fully - connected layer of a dcnn as the image or region representation and it is believed that convolutional ←
→ a convex formulation for learning task relationships in multi - task learning ; multi - task learning is a learning paradigm which seeks to improve the generalization performance of a learning task with the help of some other related tasks . in this paper , we propose a regularization formulation for learning the relationships between tasks in multi - task learning . this formulation can be viewed as a novel generalization of the regularization framework for single - task learning . besides modeling positive task cor ←
→ integrating specialized classifiers based on continuous time markov chain ; specialized classifiers , namely those dedicated to a subset of classes , are often adopted in real - world recognition systems . however , integrating such classifiers is nontrivial . existing methods , e . g . weighted average , usually implicitly assume that all constituents of an ensemble cover the same set of classes . such methods can produce misleading predictions when used to combine specialized classifiers . this work explores a novel ←
→ toruse : knowledge graph embedding on a lie group ; knowledge graphs are useful for many artificial intelligence ( ai ) tasks . however , knowledge graphs often have missing facts . to populate the graphs , knowledge graph embedding models have been developed . knowledge graph embedding models map entities and relations in a knowledge graph to a vector space and predict unknown triples by scoring candidate triples . transe is the first translation - based method and it is well known because of its simplicity and effic ←
→ cleannet : transfer learning for scalable image classifier training with label noise ; in this paper , we study the problem of learning image classification models with label noise . existing approaches depending on human supervision are generally not scalable as manually identifying correct or incorrect labels is timeconsuming , whereas approaches not relying on human supervision are scalable but less effective . to reduce the amount of human supervision for label noise cleaning , we introduce cleannet , a join ←
→ transforming musical signals through a genre classifying convolutional neural network ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been successfully applied on both discriminative and generative modeling for music - related tasks . for a particular task , the trained cnn contains information representing the decision making or the abstracting process . one can hope to manipulate existing music based on this ' informed ' network and create music with new features corresponding to the knowledge obtained by the netw ←
→ stream reasoning in temporal datalog ; in recent years , there has been an increasing interest in extending traditional stream processing engines with logical , rule - based , reasoning capabilities . this poses significant theoretical and practical challenges since rules can derive new information and propagate it both towards past and future time points ; as a result , streamed query answers can depend on data that has not yet been received , as well as on data that arrived far in the past . stream reasoning algori ←
→ evaluation of deep convolutional nets for document image classification and retrieval ; this paper presents a new state - of - the - art for document image classification and retrieval , using features learned by deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). in object and scene analysis , deep neural nets are capable of learning a hierarchical chain of abstraction from pixel inputs to concise and descriptive representations . the current work explores this capacity in the realm of document analysis , and confirms that ←
→ developing postfix - gp framework for symbolic regression problems ; this paper describes postfix - gp system , postfix notation based genetic programming ( gp ), for solving symbolic regression problems . it presents an object - oriented architecture of postfix - gp framework . it assists the user in understanding of the implementation details of various components of postfix - gp . postfix - gp provides graphical user interface which allows user to configure the experiment , to visualize evolved solutions , to analyze gp run ←
→ mean - field learning : a survey ; in this paper we study iterative procedures for stationary equilibria in games with large number of players . most of learning algorithms for games with continuous action spaces are limited to strict contraction best reply maps in which the banach - picard iteration converges with geometrical convergence rate . when the best reply map is not a contraction , ishikawa - based learning is proposed . the algorithm is shown to behave well for lipschitz continuous and pseudo - contractive ma ←
→ using behavior objects to manage complexity in virtual worlds ; the quality of high - level ai of non - player characters ( npcs ) in commercial open - world games ( owgs ) has been increasing during the past years . however , due to constraints specific to the game industry , this increase has been slow and it has been driven by larger budgets rather than adoption of new complex ai techniques . most of the contemporary ai is still expressed as hard - coded scripts . the complexity and manageability of the script codebase i ←
→ high voltage insulator surface evaluation using image processing ; high voltage insulators are widely deployed in power systems to isolate the live - and dead - part of overhead lines as well as to support the power line conductors mechanically . permanent , secure and safe operation of power transmission lines require that the high voltage insulators are inspected and monitor , regularly . severe environment conditions will influence insulator surface and change creepage distance . consequently , power utilities an ←
→ improving named entity recognition for chinese social media with word segmentation representation learning ; named entity recognition , and other information extraction tasks , frequently use linguistic features such as part of speech tags or chunkings . for languages where word boundaries are not readily identified in text , word segmentation is a key first step to generating features for an ner system . while using word boundary tags as features are helpful , the signals that aid in identifying these boundari ←
→ resource allocation of mu - ofdm based cognitive radio systems under partial channel state information ; this paper has been withdrawn by the author due to some errors .←
→ can intelligence explode ? ; the technological singularity refers to a hypothetical scenario in which technological advances virtually explode . the most popular scenario is the creation of super - intelligent algorithms that recursively create ever higher intelligences . it took many decades for these ideas to spread from science fiction to popular science magazines and finally to attract the attention of serious philosophers . david chalmers ' ( jcs 2010 ) article is the first comprehensive philosophical analysis ←
→ a comparison of axiomatic approaches to qualitative decision making using possibility theory ; in this paper we analyze two recent axiomatic approaches proposed by dubois et al and by giang and shenoy to qualitative decision making where uncertainty is described by possibility theory . both axiomtizations are inspired by von neumann and morgenstern ' s system of axioms for the case of probability theory . we show that our approach naturally unifies two axiomatic systems that correspond respectively to pessimi ←
→ aspect - augmented adversarial networks for domain adaptation ; we introduce a neural method for transfer learning between two ( source and target ) classification tasks or aspects over the same domain . rather than training on target labels , we use a few keywords pertaining to source and target aspects indicating sentence relevance instead of document class labels . documents are encoded by learning to embed and softly select relevant sentences in an aspect - dependent manner . a shared classifier is trained on the ←
→ multiframe motion coupling for video super resolution ; the idea of video super resolution is to use different view points of a single scene to enhance the overall resolution and quality . classical energy minimization approaches first establish a correspondence of the current frame to all its neighbors in some radius and then use this temporal information for enhancement . in this paper , we propose the first variational super resolution approach that computes several super resolved frames in one batch optimi ←
→ learning with many experts : model selection and sparsity ; experts classifying data are often imprecise . recently , several models have been proposed to train classifiers using the noisy labels generated by these experts . how to choose between these models ? in such situations , the true labels are unavailable . thus , one cannot perform model selection using the standard versions of methods such as empirical risk minimization and cross validation . in order to allow model selection , we present a surrogate loss a ←
→ modulating early visual processing by language ; it is commonly assumed that language refers to high - level visual concepts while leaving low - level visual processing unaffected . this view dominates the current literature in computational models for language - vision tasks , where visual and linguistic input are mostly processed independently before being fused into a single representation . in this paper , we deviate from this classic pipeline and propose to modulate the \ emph { entire visual processing } by linguis ←
→ trainable nonlinear reaction diffusion : a flexible framework for fast and effective image restoration ; image restoration is a long - standing problem in low - level computer vision with many interesting applications . we describe a flexible learning framework based on the concept of nonlinear reaction diffusion models for various image restoration problems . by embodying recent improvements in nonlinear diffusion models , we propose a dynamic nonlinear reaction diffusion model with time - dependent parameters (\ i ←
→ bag - of - words representation for biomedical time series classification ; automatic analysis of biomedical time series such as electroencephalogram ( eeg ) and electrocardiographic ( ecg ) signals has attracted great interest in the community of biomedical engineering due to its important applications in medicine . in this work , a simple yet effective bag - of - words representation that is able to capture both local and global structure similarity information is proposed for biomedical time series representation . in ←
→ gradient - based sampling : an adaptive importance sampling for least - squares ; in modern data analysis , random sampling is an efficient and widely - used strategy to overcome the computational difficulties brought by large sample size . in previous studies , researchers conducted random sampling which is according to the input data but independent on the response variable , however the response variable may also be informative for sampling . in this paper we propose an adaptive sampling called the gradient - based ←
→ learning dictionaries with bounded self - coherence ; sparse coding in learned dictionaries has been established as a successful approach for signal denoising , source separation and solving inverse problems in general . a dictionary learning method adapts an initial dictionary to a particular signal class by iteratively computing an approximate factorization of a training data matrix into a dictionary and a sparse coding matrix . the learned dictionary is characterized by two properties : the coherence of the di ←
→ parallel statistical multi - resolution estimation ; we discuss several strategies to implement dykstra ' s projection algorithm on nvidia ' s compute unified device architecture ( cuda ). dykstra ' s algorithm is the central step in and the computationally most expensive part of statistical multi - resolution methods . it projects a given vector onto the intersection of convex sets . compared with a cpu implementation our cuda implementation is one order of magnitude faster . for a further speed up and to reduce memory c ←
→ geometric feature based face - sketch recognition ; this paper presents a novel facial sketch image or face - sketch recognition approach based on facial feature extraction . to recognize a face - sketch , we have concentrated on a set of geometric face features like eyes , nose , eyebrows , lips , etc and their length and width ratio because it is difficult to match photos and sketches because they belong to two different modalities . in this system , first the facial features / components from training images are extract ←
→ probability distributions over possible worlds ; in probabilistic logic nilsson uses the device of a probability distribution over a set of possible worlds to assign probabilities to the sentences of a logical language . in his paper nilsson concentrated on inference and associated computational issues . this paper , on the other hand , examines the probabilistic semantics in more detail , particularly for the case of first - order languages , and attempts to explain some of the features and limitations of this for ←
→ robust face recognition by constrained part - based alignment ; developing a reliable and practical face recognition system is a long - standing goal in computer vision research . existing literature suggests that pixel - wise face alignment is the key to achieve high - accuracy face recognition . by assuming a human face as piece - wise planar surfaces , where each surface corresponds to a facial part , we develop in this paper a constrained part - based alignment ( cpa ) algorithm for face recognition across pose and / or ex ←
→ context aware query image representation for particular object retrieval ; the current models of image representation based on convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have shown tremendous performance in image retrieval . such models are inspired by the information flow along the visual pathway in the human visual cortex . we propose that in the field of particular object retrieval , the process of extracting cnn representations from query images with a given region of interest ( roi ) can also be modelled by taking ←
→ playing atari with deep reinforcement learning ; we present the first deep learning model to successfully learn control policies directly from high - dimensional sensory input using reinforcement learning . the model is a convolutional neural network , trained with a variant of q - learning , whose input is raw pixels and whose output is a value function estimating future rewards . we apply our method to seven atari 2600 games from the arcade learning environment , with no adjustment of the architecture or learning ←
→ fast and scalable structural svm with slack rescaling ; we present an efficient method for training slack - rescaled structural svm . although finding the most violating label in a margin - rescaled formulation is often easy since the target function decomposes with respect to the structure , this is not the case for a slack - rescaled formulation , and finding the most violated label might be very difficult . our core contribution is an efficient method for finding the most - violating - label in a slack - rescaled formul ←
→ a coarse - to - fine model for 3d pose estimation and sub - category recognition ; despite the fact that object detection , 3d pose estimation , and sub - category recognition are highly correlated tasks , they are usually addressed independently from each other because of the huge space of parameters . to jointly model all of these tasks , we propose a coarse - to - fine hierarchical representation , where each level of the hierarchy represents objects at a different level of granularity . the hierarchical representation p ←
→ symmetry breaking for maximum satisfiability ; symmetries are intrinsic to many combinatorial problems including boolean satisfiability ( sat ) and constraint programming ( cp ). in sat , the identification of symmetry breaking predicates ( sbps ) is a well - known , often effective , technique for solving hard problems . the identification of sbps in sat has been the subject of significant improvements in recent years , resulting in more compact sbps and more effective algorithms . the identification of sbps has also be ←
→ capturing the dynamics of pedestrian traffic using a machine vision system ; we developed a machine vision system to automatically capture the dynamics of pedestrians under four different traffic scenarios . by considering the overhead view of each pedestrian as a digital object , the system processes the image sequences to track the pedestrians . considering the perspective effect of the camera lens and the projected area of the hallway at the top - view scene , the distance of each tracked object from its ori ←
→ person re - identification by camera correlation aware feature augmentation ; the challenge of person re - identification ( re - id ) is to match individual images of the same person captured by different non - overlapping camera views against significant and unknown cross - view feature distortion . while a large number of distance metric / subspace learning models have been developed for re - id , the cross - view transformations they learned are view - generic and thus potentially less effective in quantifying the feature d ←
→ gradient descent with identity initialization efficiently learns positive definite linear transformations by deep residual networks ; we analyze algorithms for approximating a function $ f ( x ) = \ phi x $ mapping $\ re ^ d $ to $\ re ^ d $ using deep linear neural networks , i . e . that learn a function $ h $ parameterized by matrices $\ theta_1 ,...,\ theta_l $ and defined by $ h ( x ) = \ theta_l \ theta_ { l - 1 } ... \ theta_1 x $. we focus on algorithms that learn through gradient descent on the population quadratic loss in the case ←
→ spatially constrained location prior for scene parsing ; semantic context is an important and useful cue for scene parsing in complicated natural images with a substantial amount of variations in objects and the environment . this paper proposes spatially constrained location prior ( sclp ) for effective modelling of global and local semantic context in the scene in terms of inter - class spatial relationships . unlike existing studies focusing on either relative or absolute location prior of objects , the sclp ef ←
→ on finding minimal w - cutset ; the complexity of a reasoning task over a graphical model is tied to the induced width of the underlying graph . it is well - known that the conditioning ( assigning values ) on a subset of variables yields a subproblem of the reduced complexity where instantiated variables are removed . if the assigned variables constitute a cycle - cutset , the rest of the network is singly - connected and therefore can be solved by linear propagation algorithms . a w - cutset is a generalization of a cycl ←
→ efficient marginal likelihood computation for gaussian process regression ; in a bayesian learning setting , the posterior distribution of a predictive model arises from a trade - off between its prior distribution and the conditional likelihood of observed data . such distribution functions usually rely on additional hyperparameters which need to be tuned in order to achieve optimum predictive performance ; this operation can be efficiently performed in an empirical bayes fashion by maximizing the posterior m ←
→ interactive debugging of knowledge bases ; many ai applications rely on knowledge about a relevant real - world domain that is encoded by means of some logical knowledge base ( kb ). the most essential benefit of logical kbs is the opportunity to perform automatic reasoning to derive implicit knowledge or to answer complex queries about the modeled domain . the feasibility of meaningful reasoning requires kbs to meet some minimal quality criteria such as logical consistency . without adequate tool assistance , the ←
→ using fast weights to attend to the recent past ; until recently , research on artificial neural networks was largely restricted to systems with only two types of variable : neural activities that represent the current or recent input and weights that learn to capture regularities among inputs , outputs and payoffs . there is no good reason for this restriction . synapses have dynamics at many different time - scales and this suggests that artificial neural networks might benefit from variables that change slower ←
→ a session based blind watermarking technique within the nroi of retinal fundus images for authentication using dwt , spread spectrum and harris corner detection ; digital retinal fundus images helps to detect various ophthalmic diseases by detecting morphological changes in optical cup , optical disc and macula . present work proposes a method for the authentication of medical images based on discrete wavelet transformation ( dwt ) and spread spectrum . proper selection of the non region of interest ( nroi ) fo ←
→ attack rmse leaderboard : an introduction and case study ; in this manuscript , we briefly introduce several tricks to climb the leaderboards which use rmse for evaluation without exploiting any training data .←
→ improving gps / ins integration through neural networks ; the global positioning systems ( gps ) and inertial navigation system ( ins ) technology have attracted a considerable importance recently because of its large number of solutions serving both military as well as civilian applications . this paper aims to develop a more efficient and especially a faster method for processing the gps signal in case of ins signal loss without losing the accuracy of the data . the conventional or usual method consists of proces ←
→ describing semantic representations of brain activity evoked by visual stimuli ; quantitative modeling of human brain activity based on language representations has been actively studied in systems neuroscience . however , previous studies examined word - level representation , and little is known about whether we could recover structured sentences from brain activity . this study attempts to generate natural language descriptions of semantic contents from human brain activity evoked by visual stimuli . to effec ←
→ action recognition based on joint trajectory maps using convolutional neural networks ; recently , convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) have shown promising performances in many computer vision tasks , especially image - based recognition . how to effectively use convnets for video - based recognition is still an open problem . in this paper , we propose a compact , effective yet simple method to encode spatio - temporal information carried in $ 3d $ skeleton sequences into multiple $ 2d $ images , referred to as join ←
→ near - linear time local polynomial nonparametric estimation ; local polynomial regression ( fan & gijbels , 1996 ) is an important class of methods for nonparametric density estimation and regression problems . however , straightforward implementation of local polynomial regression has quadratic time complexity which hinders its applicability in large - scale data analysis . in this paper , we significantly accelerate the computation of local polynomial estimates by novel applications of multi - dimensional binary inde ←
→ instrumentality tests revisited ; an instrument is a random variable thatallows the identification of parameters inlinear models when the error terms arenot uncorrelated . it is a popular method used in economicsand the social sciences that reduces theproblem of identification to the problemof finding the appropriate instruments . few years ago , pearl introduced a necessarytest for instruments that allows the researcher to discard those candidatesthat fail the test . in this paper , we make a detailed study of pea ←
→ use of recurrent infomax to improve the memory capability of input - driven recurrent neural networks ; the inherent transient dynamics of recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have been exploited as a computational resource in input - driven rnns . however , the information processing capability varies from rnn to rnn , depending on their properties . many authors have investigated the dynamics of rnns and their relevance to the information processing capability . in this study , we present a detailed analysis of the i ←
→ black - box optimization benchmarking of ipop - saacm - es and bipop - saacm - es on the bbob - 2012 noiseless testbed ; in this paper , we study the performance of ipop - saacm - es and bipop - saacm - es , recently proposed self - adaptive surrogate - assisted covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategies . both algorithms were tested using restarts till a total number of function evaluations of $ 10 ^ 6d $ was reached , where $ d $ is the dimension of the function search space . we compared surrogate - assisted algorithms with their s ←
→ information - propogation - enhanced neural machine translation by relation model ; even though sequence - to - sequence neural machine translation ( nmt ) model have achieved state - of - art performance in the recent fewer years , but it is widely concerned that the recurrent neural network ( rnn ) units are very hard to capture the long - distance state information , which means rnn can hardly find the feature with long term dependency as the sequence becomes longer . similarly , convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is introd ←
→ fine - grained analysis of sentence embeddings using auxiliary prediction tasks ; there is a lot of research interest in encoding variable length sentences into fixed length vectors , in a way that preserves the sentence meanings . two common methods include representations based on averaging word vectors , and representations based on the hidden states of recurrent neural networks such as lstms . the sentence vectors are used as features for subsequent machine learning tasks or for pre - training in the context ←
→ actionable and political text classification using word embeddings and lstm ; in this work , we apply word embeddings and neural networks with long short - term memory ( lstm ) to text classification problems , where the classification criteria are decided by the context of the application . we examine two applications in particular . the first is that of actionability , where we build models to classify social media messages from customers of service providers as actionable or non - actionable . we build models for ←
→ low - rank approximations for conditional feedforward computation in deep neural networks ; scalability properties of deep neural networks raise key research questions , particularly as the problems considered become larger and more challenging . this paper expands on the idea of conditional computation introduced by bengio , et . al ., where the nodes of a deep network are augmented by a set of gating units that determine when a node should be calculated . by factorizing the weight matrix into a low - rank approxi ←
→ sedmid for confusion detection : uncovering mind state from time series brain wave data ; understanding how brain functions has been an intriguing topic for years . with the recent progress on collecting massive data and developing advanced technology , people have become interested in addressing the challenge of decoding brain wave data into meaningful mind states , with many machine learning models and algorithms being revisited and developed , especially the ones that handle time series data because of the ←
→ evaluation measures for hierarchical classification : a unified view and novel approaches ; hierarchical classification addresses the problem of classifying items into a hierarchy of classes . an important issue in hierarchical classification is the evaluation of different classification algorithms , which is complicated by the hierarchical relations among the classes . several evaluation measures have been proposed for hierarchical classification using the hierarchy in different ways . this paper studies the ←
→ intentions of vulnerable road users - detection and forecasting by means of machine learning ; avoiding collisions with vulnerable road users ( vrus ) using sensor - based early recognition of critical situations is one of the manifold opportunities provided by the current development in the field of intelligent vehicles . as especially pedestrians and cyclists are very agile and have a variety of movement options , modeling their behavior in traffic scenes is a challenging task . in this article we propose move ←
→ curriculum dropout ; dropout is a very effective way of regularizing neural networks . stochastically " dropping out " units with a certain probability discourages over - specific co - adaptations of feature detectors , preventing overfitting and improving network generalization . besides , dropout can be interpreted as an approximate model aggregation technique , where an exponential number of smaller networks are averaged in order to get a more powerful ensemble . in this paper , we show that using a fixed dropout pro ←
→ scalable text mining with sparse generative models ; the information age has brought a deluge of data . much of this is in text form , insurmountable in scope for humans and incomprehensible in structure for computers . text mining is an expanding field of research that seeks to utilize the information contained in vast document collections . general data mining methods based on machine learning face challenges with the scale of text data , posing a need for scalable text mining methods . this thesis proposes a ←
→ detecting egregious conversations between customers and virtual agents ; virtual agents are becoming a prominent channel of interaction in customer service . not all customer interactions are smooth , however , and some can become almost comically bad . in such instances , a human agent might need to step in and salvage the conversation . detecting bad conversations is important since disappointing customer service may threaten customer loyalty and impact revenue . in this paper , we outline an approach to detectin ←
→ single - trial eeg discrimination between wrist and finger movement imagery and execution in a sensorimotor bci ; a brain - computer interface ( bci ) may be used to control a prosthetic or orthotic hand using neural activity from the brain . the core of this sensorimotor bci lies in the interpretation of the neural information extracted from electroencephalogram ( eeg ). it is desired to improve on the interpretation of eeg to allow people with neuromuscular disorders to perform daily activities . this paper inves ←
→ a fast algorithm based on a sylvester - like equation for ls regression with gmrf prior ; this paper presents a fast approach for penalized least squares ( ls ) regression problems using a 2d gaussian markov random field ( gmrf ) prior . more precisely , the computation of the proximity operator of the ls criterion regularized by different gmrf potentials is formulated as solving a sylvester - like matrix equation . by exploiting the structural properties of gmrfs , this matrix equation is solved columnwise in an ana ←
→ micro - data learning : the other end of the spectrum ; many fields are now snowed under with an avalanche of data , which raises considerable challenges for computer scientists . meanwhile , robotics ( among other fields ) can often only use a few dozen data points because acquiring them involves a process that is expensive or time - consuming . how can an algorithm learn with only a few data points ?←
→ a resizable mini - batch gradient descent based on a multi - armed bandit ; determining the appropriate batch size for mini - batch gradient descent is always time consuming as it often relies on grid search . this paper considers a resizable mini - batch gradient descent ( rmgd ) algorithm based on a multi - armed bandit for achieving best performance in grid search by selecting an appropriate batch size at each epoch with a probability defined as a function of its previous success / failure . this probability encourages ←
→ belief flows of robust online learning ; this paper introduces a new probabilistic model for online learning which dynamically incorporates information from stochastic gradients of an arbitrary loss function . similar to probabilistic filtering , the model maintains a gaussian belief over the optimal weight parameters . unlike traditional bayesian updates , the model incorporates a small number of gradient evaluations at locations chosen using thompson sampling , making it computationally tractable . the belief i ←
→ boosting the actor with dual critic ; this paper proposes a new actor - critic - style algorithm called dual actor - critic or dual - ac . it is derived in a principled way from the lagrangian dual form of the bellman optimality equation , which can be viewed as a two - player game between the actor and a critic - like function , which is named as dual critic . compared to its actor - critic relatives , dual - ac has the desired property that the actor and dual critic are updated cooperatively to optimize the same objective fun ←
→ extraction of domain - specific bilingual lexicon from comparable corpora : compositional translation and ranking ; this paper proposes a method for extracting translations of morphologically constructed terms from comparable corpora . the method is based on compositional translation and exploits translation equivalences at the morpheme - level , which allows for the generation of " fertile " translations ( translation pairs in which the target term has more words than the source term ). ranking methods relying on c ←
→ learning from scarce experience ; searching the space of policies directly for the optimal policy has been one popular method for solving partially observable reinforcement learning problems . typically , with each change of the target policy , its value is estimated from the results of following that very policy . this requires a large number of interactions with the environment as different polices are considered . we present a family of algorithms based on likelihood ratio estimation that use data gathered wh ←
→ robust positioning of drones for land use monitoring in strong terrain relief using vision - based navigation ; for land use monitoring , the main problems are robust positioning in urban canyons and strong terrain reliefs with the use of gps system only . indeed , satellite signal reflection and shielding in urban canyons and strong terrain relief results in problems with correct positioning . using gnss - rtk does not solve the problem completely because in some complex situations the whole satellite ' s system w ←
→ learning bounded treewidth bayesian networks with thousands of variables ; we present a method for learning treewidth - bounded bayesian networks from data sets containing thousands of variables . bounding the treewidth of a bayesian greatly reduces the complexity of inferences . yet , being a global property of the graph , it considerably increases the difficulty of the learning process . we propose a novel algorithm for this task , able to scale to large domains and large treewidths . our novel approach consistent ←
→ layer - wise learning of deep generative models ; when using deep , multi - layered architectures to build generative models of data , it is difficult to train all layers at once . we propose a layer - wise training procedure admitting a performance guarantee compared to the global optimum . it is based on an optimistic proxy of future performance , the best latent marginal . we interpret auto - encoders in this setting as generative models , by showing that they train a lower bound of this criterion . we test the new lear ←
→ predictive modelling of football injuries ; the goal of this thesis is to investigate the potential of predictive modelling for football injuries . this work was conducted in close collaboration with tottenham hotspurs fc ( thfc ), the pga european tour and the participation of wolverhampton wanderers ( ww ). three investigations were conducted : 1 . predicting the recovery time of football injuries using the uefa injury recordings : the uefa recordings is a common standard for recording injuries in professiona ←
→ supervised classification - based stock prediction and portfolio optimization ; as the number of publicly traded companies as well as the amount of their financial data grows rapidly , it is highly desired to have tracking , analysis , and eventually stock selections automated . there have been few works focusing on estimating the stock prices of individual companies . however , many of those have worked with very small number of financial parameters . in this work , we apply machine learning techniques to address ←
→ language heedless of logic - philosophy mindful of what ? failures of distributive and absorption laws ; much of philosophical logic and all of philosophy of language make empirical claims about the vernacular natural language . they presume semantics under which ` and ' and ` or ' are related by the dually paired distributive and absorption laws . however , at least one of each pair of laws fails in the vernacular . ` implicature '- based auxiliary theories associated with the programme of h . p . grice do not prove re ←
→ learning sampling distributions for efficient object detection ; object detection is an important task in computer vision and learning systems . multistage particle windows ( mpw ), proposed by gualdi et al ., is an algorithm of fast and accurate object detection . by sampling particle windows from a proposal distribution ( pd ), mpw avoids exhaustively scanning the image . despite its success , it is unknown how to determine the number of stages and the number of particle windows in each stage . moreover , it has to ←
→ evaluating layers of representation in neural machine translation on part - of - speech and semantic tagging tasks ; while neural machine translation ( nmt ) models provide improved translation quality in an elegant , end - to - end framework , it is less clear what they learn about language . recent work has started evaluating the quality of vector representations learned by nmt models on morphological and syntactic tasks . in this paper , we investigate the representations learned at different layers of nmt encoders . ←
→ facial expression classification based on multi artificial neural network and two dimensional principal component analysis ; facial expression classification is a kind of image classification and it has received much attention , in recent years . there are many approaches to solve these problems with aiming to increase efficient classification . one of famous suggestions is described as first step , project image to different spaces ; second step , in each of these spaces , images are classified into responsive ←
→ word2vec explained : deriving mikolov et al .' s negative - sampling word - embedding method ; the word2vec software of tomas mikolov and colleagues ( https :// code . google . com / p / word2vec / ) has gained a lot of traction lately , and provides state - of - the - art word embeddings . the learning models behind the software are described in two research papers . we found the description of the models in these papers to be somewhat cryptic and hard to follow . while the motivations and presentation may be obvious to the neural - n ←
→ community interaction and conflict on the web ; users organize themselves into communities on web platforms . these communities can interact with one another , often leading to conflicts and toxic interactions . however , little is known about the mechanisms of interactions between communities and how they impact users . here we study intercommunity interactions across 36 , 000 communities on reddit , examining cases where users of one community are mobilized by negative sentiment to comment in another community .←
→ rapid and robust automated macroscopic wood identification system using smartphone with macro - lens ; wood identification has never been more important to serve the purpose of global forest species protection and timber regulation . macroscopic level wood identification practiced by wood anatomists can identify wood up to genus level . this is sufficient to serve as a frontline identification to fight against illegal wood logging and timber trade for law enforcement authority . however , frontline enforcement ←
→ a new data representation based on training data characteristics to extract drug named - entity in medical text ; one essential task in information extraction from the medical corpus is drug name recognition . compared with text sources come from other domains , the medical text is special and has unique characteristics . in addition , the medical text mining poses more challenges , e . g ., more unstructured text , the fast growing of new terms addition , a wide range of name variation for the same drug . the mining ←
→ echo state queueing network : a new reservoir computing learning tool ; in the last decade , a new computational paradigm was introduced in the field of machine learning , under the name of reservoir computing ( rc ). rc models are neural networks which a recurrent part ( the reservoir ) that does not participate in the learning process , and the rest of the system where no recurrence ( no neural circuit ) occurs . this approach has grown rapidly due to its success in solving learning tasks and other computational app ←
→ an empirical investigation of catastrophic forgetting in gradient - based neural networks ; catastrophic forgetting is a problem faced by many machine learning models and algorithms . when trained on one task , then trained on a second task , many machine learning models " forget " how to perform the first task . this is widely believed to be a serious problem for neural networks . here , we investigate the extent to which the catastrophic forgetting problem occurs for modern neural networks , comparing both establi ←
→ rule - based spanish morphological analyzer built from spell checking lexicon ; preprocessing tools for automated text analysis have become more widely available in major languages , but non - english tools are often still limited in their functionality . when working with spanish - language text , researchers can easily find tools for tokenization and stemming , but may not have the means to extract more complex word features like verb tense or mood . yet spanish is a morphologically rich language in which such fea ←
→ confidence - based dynamic classifier combination for mean - shift tracking ; we introduce a novel tracking technique which uses dynamic confidence - based fusion of two different information sources for robust and efficient tracking of visual objects . mean - shift tracking is a popular and well known method used in object tracking problems . originally , the algorithm uses a similarity measure which is optimized by shifting a search area to the center of a generated weight image to track objects . recent improvements ←
→ the complexity of reasoning with global constraints ; constraint propagation is one of the techniques central to the success of constraint programming . to reduce search , fast algorithms associated with each constraint prune the domains of variables . with global ( or non - binary ) constraints , the cost of such propagation may be much greater than the quadratic cost for binary constraints . we therefore study the computational complexity of reasoning with global constraints . we first characterise a number of impo ←
→ the regularization effects of anisotropic noise in stochastic gradient descent ; understanding the generalization of deep learning has raised lots of concerns recently , where the learning algorithms play an important role in generalization performance , such as stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ). along this line , we particularly study the anisotropic noise introduced by sgd , and investigate its importance for the generalization in deep neural networks . through a thorough empirical analysis , it is shown that ←
→ building instance classification using street view images ; land - use classification based on spaceborne or aerial remote sensing images has been extensively studied over the past decades . such classification is usually a patch - wise or pixel - wise labeling over the whole image . but for many applications , such as urban population density mapping or urban utility planning , a classification map based on individual buildings is much more informative . however , such semantic classification still poses some fundamen ←
→ the impact of random models on clustering similarity ; clustering is a central approach for unsupervised learning . after clustering is applied , the most fundamental analysis is to quantitatively compare clusterings . such comparisons are crucial for the evaluation of clustering methods as well as other tasks such as consensus clustering . it is often argued that , in order to establish a baseline , clustering similarity should be assessed in the context of a random ensemble of clusterings . the prevailing assump ←
→ information retrieval in folktales using natural language processing ; our aim is to extract information about literary characters in unstructured texts . we employ natural language processing and reasoning on domain ontologies . the first task is to identify the main characters and the parts of the story where these characters are described or act . we illustrate the system in a scenario in the folktale domain . the system relies on a folktale ontology that we have developed based on propp ' s model for folktale ←
→ critical contours : an invariant linking image flow with salient surface organization ; we exploit a key result from visual psychophysics -- that individuals perceive shape qualitatively -- to develop a geometrical / topological invariant ( the morse - smale complex ) relating image structure with surface structure . differences across individuals are minimal near certain configurations such as ridges and boundaries , and it is these configurations that are often represented in line drawings . in particular , we int ←
→ cascade learning by optimally partitioning ; cascaded adaboost classifier is a well - known efficient object detection algorithm . the cascade structure has many parameters to be determined . most of existing cascade learning algorithms are designed by assigning detection rate and false positive rate to each stage either dynamically or statically . their objective functions are not directly related to minimum computation cost . these algorithms are not guaranteed to have optimal solution in the sense of minimizin ←
→ a scalable method for solving high - dimensional continuous pomdps using local approximation ; partially - observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) are typically solved by finding an approximate global solution to a corresponding belief - mdp . in this paper , we offer a new planning algorithm for pomdps with continuous state , action and observation spaces . since such domains have an inherent notion of locality , we can find an approximate solution using local optimization methods . we parameterize the belief ←
→ taste or addiction ?: using play logs to infer song selection motivation ; online music services are increasing in popularity . they enable us to analyze people ' s music listening behavior based on play logs . although it is known that people listen to music based on topic ( e . g ., rock or jazz ), we assume that when a user is addicted to an artist , s / he chooses the artist ' s songs regardless of topic . based on this assumption , in this paper , we propose a probabilistic model to analyze people ' s music listening beha ←
→ population synthesis via k - nearest neighbor crossover kernel ; the recent development of multi - agent simulations brings about a need for population synthesis . it is a task of reconstructing the entire population from a sampling survey of limited size ( 1 % or so ), supplying the initial conditions from which simulations begin . this paper presents a new kernel density estimator for this task . our method is an analogue of the classical breiman - meisel - purcell estimator , but employs novel techniques that harness t ←
→ learning with imprinted weights ; human vision is able to immediately recognize novel visual categories after seeing just one or a few training examples . we describe how to add a similar capability to convnet classifiers by directly setting the final layer weights from novel training examples during low - shot learning . we call this process weight imprinting as it directly sets weights for a new category based on an appropriately scaled copy of the embedding layer activations for that training example . the im ←
→ pac - bayesian analysis for a two - step hierarchical multiview learning approach ; we study a two - level multiview learning with more than two views under the pac - bayesian framework . this approach , sometimes referred as late fusion , consists in learning sequentially multiple view - specific classifiers at the first level , and then combining these view - specific classifiers at the second level . our main theoretical result is a generalization bound on the risk of the majority vote which exhibits a term of diversit ←
→ sparse - view x - ray ct reconstruction using $\ ell_1 $ prior with learned transform ; a major challenge in x - ray computed tomography ( ct ) is reducing radiation dose while maintaining high quality of reconstructed images . to reduce the radiation dose , one can reduce the number of projection views ( sparse - view ct ); however , it becomes difficult to achieve high quality image reconstruction as the number of projection views decreases . researchers have applied the concept of learning sparse representations from ( h ←
→ discovering causal signals in images ; this paper establishes the existence of observable footprints that reveal the " causal dispositions " of the object categories appearing in collections of images . we achieve this goal in two steps . first , we take a learning approach to observational causal discovery , and build a classifier that achieves state - of - the - art performance on finding the causal direction between pairs of random variables , given samples from their joint distribution . second , we use our causal dir ←
→ multi - task cnn model for attribute prediction ; this paper proposes a joint multi - task learning algorithm to better predict attributes in images using deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). we consider learning binary semantic attributes through a multi - task cnn model , where each cnn will predict one binary attribute . the multi - task learning allows cnn models to simultaneously share visual knowledge among different attribute categories . each cnn will generate attribute - specific feature representations , a ←
→ addressing ambiguity in multi - target tracking by hierarchical strategy ; this paper presents a novel hierarchical approach for the simultaneous tracking of multiple targets in a video . we use a network flow approach to link detections in low - level and tracklets in high - level . at each step of the hierarchy , the confidence of candidates is measured by using a new scoring system , confrank , that considers the quality and the quantity of its neighborhood . the output of the first stage is a collection of safe tra ←
→ a logical study of partial entailment ; we introduce a novel logical notion -- partial entailment -- to propositional logic . in contrast with classical entailment , that a formula p partially entails another formula q with respect to a background formula set \ gamma intuitively means that under the circumstance of \ gamma , if p is true then some " part " of q will also be true . we distinguish three different kinds of partial entailments and formalize them by using an extended notion of prime implicant . we study thei ←
→ an overview of general performance metrics of binary classifier systems ; this document provides a brief overview of different metrics and terminology that is used to measure the performance of binary classification systems .←
→ calibration of depth cameras using denoised depth images ; depth sensing devices have created various new applications in scientific and commercial research with the advent of microsoft kinect and pmd ( photon mixing device ) cameras . most of these applications require the depth cameras to be pre - calibrated . however , traditional calibration methods using a checkerboard do not work very well for depth cameras due to the low image resolution . in this paper , we propose a depth calibration scheme which excels in ←
→ a deep learning algorithm for one - step contour aware nuclei segmentation of histopathological images ; this paper addresses the task of nuclei segmentation in high - resolution histopathological images . we propose an auto - matic end - to - end deep neural network algorithm for segmenta - tion of individual nuclei . a nucleus - boundary model is introduced to predict nuclei and their boundaries simultaneously using a fully convolutional neural network . given a color normalized image , the model directly outputs an es ←
→ fast cross - validation via sequential testing ; with the increasing size of today ' s data sets , finding the right parameter configuration in model selection via cross - validation can be an extremely time - consuming task . in this paper we propose an improved cross - validation procedure which uses nonparametric testing coupled with sequential analysis to determine the best parameter set on linearly increasing subsets of the data . by eliminating underperforming candidates quickly and keeping promising candidates as ←
→ parameterized analysis of multi - objective evolutionary algorithms and the weighted vertex cover problem ; a rigorous runtime analysis of evolutionary multi - objective optimization for the classical vertex cover problem in the context of parameterized complexity analysis has been presented by kratsch and neumann ( 2013 ). in this paper , we extend the analysis to the weighted vertex cover problem and provide a fixed parameter evolutionary algorithm with respect to opt , the cost of the the optimal solution for ←
→ mataws : a multimodal approach for automatic ws semantic annotation ; many recent works aim at developing methods and tools for the processing of semantic web services . in order to be properly tested , these tools must be applied to an appropriate benchmark , taking the form of a collection of semantic ws descriptions . however , all of the existing publicly available collections are limited by their size or their realism ( use of randomly generated or resampled descriptions ). larger and realistic syntactic ( wsdl ←
→ a multilinear tongue model derived from speech related mri data of the human vocal tract ; we present a multilinear statistical model of the human tongue that captures anatomical and tongue pose related shape variations separately . the model is derived from 3d magnetic resonance imaging data of 11 speakers sustaining speech related vocal tract configurations . the extraction is performed by using a minimally supervised method that uses as basis an image segmentation approach and a template fitting techniqu ←
→ align and copy : uzh at sigmorphon 2017 shared task for morphological reinflection ; this paper presents the submissions by the university of zurich to the sigmorphon 2017 shared task on morphological reinflection . the task is to predict the inflected form given a lemma and a set of morpho - syntactic features . we focus on neural network approaches that can tackle the task in a limited - resource setting . as the transduction of the lemma into the inflected form is dominated by copying over lemma characters , we ←
→ an empirical study on the effectiveness of images in multimodal neural machine translation ; in state - of - the - art neural machine translation ( nmt ), an attention mechanism is used during decoding to enhance the translation . at every step , the decoder uses this mechanism to focus on different parts of the source sentence to gather the most useful information before outputting its target word . recently , the effectiveness of the attention mechanism has also been explored for multimodal tasks , where it becomes ←
→ roulette - wheel selection via stochastic acceptance ; roulette - wheel selection is a frequently used method in genetic and evolutionary algorithms or in modeling of complex networks . existing routines select one of n individuals using search algorithms of o ( n ) or o ( log ( n )) complexity . we present a simple roulette - wheel selection algorithm , which typically has o ( 1 ) complexity and is based on stochastic acceptance instead of searching . we also discuss a hybrid version , which might be suitable for highly heterog ←
→ rational counterfactuals ; this paper introduces the concept of rational countefactuals which is an idea of identifying a counterfactual from the factual ( whether perceived or real ) that maximizes the attainment of the desired consequent . in counterfactual thinking if we have a factual statement like : saddam hussein invaded kuwait and consequently george bush declared war on iraq then its counterfactuals is : if saddam hussein did not invade kuwait then george bush would not have declared war on iraq . the th ←
→ on the classifiability of cellular automata ; based on computer simulations wolfram presented in several papers conjectured classifications of cellular automata into 4 types . he distinguishes the 4 classes of cellular automata by the evolution of the pattern generated by applying a cellular automaton to a finite input . wolfram ' s qualitative classification is based on the examination of a large number of simulations . in addition to this classification based on the rate of growth , he conjectured a similar cla ←
→ application of statistical features in handwritten devnagari character recognition ; in this paper a scheme for offline handwritten devnagari character recognition is proposed , which uses different feature extraction methodologies and recognition algorithms . the proposed system assumes no constraints in writing style or size . first the character is preprocessed and features namely : chain code histogram and moment invariant features are extracted and fed to multilayer perceptrons as a preliminary recognit ←
→ 3d / 2d registration of mapping catheter images for arrhythmia interventional assistance ; radiofrequency ( rf ) catheter ablation has transformed treatment for tachyarrhythmias and has become first - line therapy for some tachycardias . the precise localization of the arrhythmogenic site and the positioning of the rf catheter over that site are problematic : they can impair the efficiency of the procedure and are time consuming ( several hours ). electroanatomic mapping technologies are available that enable the d ←
→ managing conflicts between users in wikipedia ; wikipedia is nowadays a widely used encyclopedia , and one of the most visible sites on the internet . its strong principle of collaborative work and free editing sometimes generates disputes due to disagreements between users . in this article we study how the wikipedian community resolves the conflicts and which roles do wikipedian choose in this process . we observed the users behavior both in the article talk pages , and in the arbitration committee pages speci ←
→ an usage measure based on psychophysical relations ; a new word usage measure is proposed . it is based on psychophysical relations and allows to reveal words by its degree of " importance " for making basic dictionaries of sublanguages .←
→ fast template matching by subsampled circulant matrix ; template matching is widely used for many applications in image and signal processing and usually is time - critical . traditional methods usually focus on how to reduce the search locations by coarse - to - fine strategy or full search combined with pruning strategy . however , the computation cost of those methods is easily dominated by the size of signal n instead of that of template k . this paper proposes a probabilistic and fast matching scheme , which comp ←
→ the lambada dataset : word prediction requiring a broad discourse context ; we introduce lambada , a dataset to evaluate the capabilities of computational models for text understanding by means of a word prediction task . lambada is a collection of narrative passages sharing the characteristic that human subjects are able to guess their last word if they are exposed to the whole passage , but not if they only see the last sentence preceding the target word . to succeed on lambada , computational models cannot sim ←
→ light field stitching for extended synthetic aperture ; through capturing spatial and angular radiance distribution , light field cameras introduce new capabilities that are not possible with conventional cameras . so far in the light field imaging literature , the focus has been on the theory and applications of single light field capture . by combining multiple light fields , it is possible to obtain new capabilities and enhancements , and even exceed physical limitations , such as spatial resolution and apertur ←
→ incorporating pass - phrase dependent background models for text - dependent speaker verification ; in this paper , we propose pass - phrase dependent background models ( pbms ) for text - dependent ( td ) speaker verification ( sv ) to integrate the pass - phrase identification process into the conventional td - sv system , where a pbm is derived from a text - independent background model through adaptation using the utterances of a particular pass - phrase . during training , pass - phrase specific target speaker models are derive ←
→ robust registration of calcium images by learned contrast synthesis ; multi - modal image registration is a challenging task that is vital to fuse complementary signals for subsequent analyses . despite much research into cost functions addressing this challenge , there exist cases in which these are ineffective . in this work , we show that ( 1 ) this is true for the registration of in - vivo drosophila brain volumes visualizing genetically encoded calcium indicators to an nc82 atlas and ( 2 ) that machine learning ba ←
→ unsupervised incremental learning of deep descriptors from video streams ; we present a novel unsupervised method for face identity learning from video sequences . the method exploits the resnet deep network for face detection and vggface fc7 face descriptors together with a smart learning mechanism that exploits the temporal coherence of visual data in video streams . we present a novel feature matching solution based on reverse nearest neighbour and a feature forgetting strategy that supports incremental le ←
→ effective approaches to attention - based neural machine translation ; an attentional mechanism has lately been used to improve neural machine translation ( nmt ) by selectively focusing on parts of the source sentence during translation . however , there has been little work exploring useful architectures for attention - based nmt . this paper examines two simple and effective classes of attentional mechanism : a global approach which always attends to all source words and a local one that only looks at a subset of ←
→ kernelized multiview projection ; conventional vision algorithms adopt a single type of feature or a simple concatenation of multiple features , which is always represented in a high - dimensional space . in this paper , we propose a novel unsupervised spectral embedding algorithm called kernelized multiview projection ( kmp ) to better fuse and embed different feature representations . computing the kernel matrices from different features / views , kmp can encode them with the corresponding weights to achieve a low - d ←
→ objective - reinforced generative adversarial networks ( organ ) for sequence generation models ; in unsupervised data generation tasks , besides the generation of a sample based on previous observations , one would often like to give hints to the model in order to bias the generation towards desirable metrics . we propose a method that combines generative adversarial networks ( gans ) and reinforcement learning ( rl ) in order to accomplish exactly that . while rl biases the data generation process towards arbitrary ←
→ using a reservoir computer to learn chaotic attractors , with applications to chaos synchronisation and cryptography ; using the machine learning approach known as reservoir computing , it is possible to train one dynamical system to emulate another . we show that such trained reservoir computers reproduce the properties of the attractor of the chaotic system sufficiently well to exhibit chaos synchronisation . that is , the trained reservoir computer , weakly driven by the chaotic system , will synchronise with ←
→ adapting to the shifting intent of search queries ; search engines today present results that are often oblivious to abrupt shifts in intent . for example , the query ` independence day ' usually refers to a us holiday , but the intent of this query abruptly changed during the release of a major film by that name . while no studies exactly quantify the magnitude of intent - shifting traffic , studies suggest that news events , seasonal topics , pop culture , etc account for 50 % of all search queries . this paper shows t ←
→ image - based localization using hourglass networks ; in this paper , we propose an encoder - decoder convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture for estimating camera pose ( orientation and location ) from a single rgb - image . the architecture has a hourglass shape consisting of a chain of convolution and up - convolution layers followed by a regression part . the up - convolution layers are introduced to preserve the fine - grained information of the input image . following the common practice , we train our model in ←
→ learning bayesian networks with restricted causal interactions ; a major problem for the learning of bayesian networks ( bns ) is the exponential number of parameters needed for conditional probability tables . recent research reduces this complexity by modeling local structure in the probability tables . we examine the use of log - linear local models . while log - linear models in this context are not new ( whittaker , 1990 ; buntine , 1991 ; neal , 1992 ; heckerman and meek , 1997 ), for structure learning they are genera ←
→ robust estimators in high dimensions without the computational intractability ; we study high - dimensional distribution learning in an agnostic setting where an adversary is allowed to arbitrarily corrupt an $\ varepsilon $- fraction of the samples . such questions have a rich history spanning statistics , machine learning and theoretical computer science . even in the most basic settings , the only known approaches are either computationally inefficient or lose dimension - dependent factors in their error guarante ←
→ limits of preprocessing ; we present a first theoretical analysis of the power of polynomial - time preprocessing for important combinatorial problems from various areas in ai . we consider problems from constraint satisfaction , global constraints , satisfiability , nonmonotonic and bayesian reasoning . we show that , subject to a complexity theoretic assumption , none of the considered problems can be reduced by polynomial - time preprocessing to a problem kernel whose size is polynomial in a structural problem para ←
→ a gentle introduction to the kernel distance ; this document reviews the definition of the kernel distance , providing a gentle introduction tailored to a reader with background in theoretical computer science , but limited exposure to technology more common to machine learning , functional analysis and geometric measure theory . the key aspect of the kernel distance developed here is its interpretation as an l_2 distance between probability measures or various shapes ( e . g . point sets , curves , surfaces ) embedde ←
→ supervisory control for behavior composition ; we relate behavior composition , a synthesis task studied in ai , to supervisory control theory from the discrete event systems field . in particular , we show that realizing ( i . e ., implementing ) a target behavior module ( e . g ., a house surveillance system ) by suitably coordinating a collection of available behaviors ( e . g ., automatic blinds , doors , lights , cameras , etc .) amounts to imposing a supervisor onto a special discrete event system . such a link allows us to ←
→ relational marginal problems : theory and estimation ; in the propositional setting , the marginal problem is to find a ( maximum - entropy ) distribution that has some given marginals . we study this problem in a relational setting and make the following contributions . first , we compare two different notions of relational marginals . second , we show a duality between the resulting relational marginal problems and the maximum likelihood estimation of the parameters of relational models , which generalizes a well - kno ←
→ introducing dendritic cells as a novel immune - inspired algorithm for anomoly detection ; dendritic cells are antigen presenting cells that provide a vital link between the innate and adaptive immune system . research into this family of cells has revealed that they perform the role of coordinating t - cell based immune responses , both reactive and for generating tolerance . we have derived an algorithm based on the functionality of these cells , and have used the signals and differentiation pathways to build a ←
→ subic : a supervised bi - clustering approach for precision medicine ; traditional medicine typically applies one - size - fits - all treatment for the entire patient population whereas precision medicine develops tailored treatment schemes for different patient subgroups . the fact that some factors may be more significant for a specific patient subgroup motivates clinicians and medical researchers to develop new approaches to subgroup detection and analysis , which is an effective strategy to personalize treatment . ←
→ building with drones : accurate 3d facade reconstruction using mavs ; automatic reconstruction of 3d models from images using multi - view structure - from - motion methods has been one of the most fruitful outcomes of computer vision . these advances combined with the growing popularity of micro aerial vehicles as an autonomous imaging platform , have made 3d vision tools ubiquitous for large number of architecture , engineering and construction applications among audiences , mostly unskilled in computer vision . howe ←
→ spectral learning of binomial hmms for dna methylation data ; we consider learning parameters of binomial hidden markov models , which may be used to model dna methylation data . the standard algorithm for the problem is em , which is computationally expensive for sequences of the scale of the mammalian genome . recently developed spectral algorithms can learn parameters of latent variable models via tensor decomposition , and are highly efficient for large data . however , these methods have only been applied to ←
→ towards a deeper geometric , analytic and algorithmic understanding of margins ; given a matrix $ a $, a linear feasibility problem ( of which linear classification is a special case ) aims to find a solution to a primal problem $ w : a ^ tw > \ textbf { 0 }$ or a certificate for the dual problem which is a probability distribution $ p : ap = \ textbf { 0 }$. inspired by the continued importance of " large - margin classifiers " in machine learning , this paper studies a condition measure of $ a $ called its \ textit { margin } that d ←
→ comparative study of statistical skin detection algorithms for sub - continental human images ; object detection has been a focus of research in human - computer interaction . skin area detection has been a key to different recognitions like face recognition , human motion detection , pornographic and nude image prediction , etc . most of the research done in the fields of skin detection has been trained and tested on human images of african , mongolian and anglo - saxon ethnic origins . although there are several int ←
→ proceedings of nips 2017 symposium on interpretable machine learning ; this is the proceedings of nips 2017 symposium on interpretable machine learning , held in long beach , california , usa on december 7 , 2017 ←
→ des : a challenge problem for nonmonotonic reasoning systems ; the us data encryption standard , des for short , is put forward as an interesting benchmark problem for nonmonotonic reasoning systems because ( i ) it provides a set of test cases of industrial relevance which shares features of randomly generated problems and real - world problems , ( ii ) the representation of des using normal logic programs with the stable model semantics is simple and easy to understand , and ( iii ) this subclass of logic programs can ←
→ identifying mild traumatic brain injury patients from mr images using bag of visual words ; mild traumatic brain injury ( mtbi ) is a growing public health problem with an estimated incidence of one million people annually in us . neurocognitive tests are used to both assess the patient condition and to monitor the patient progress . this work aims to directly use mr images taken shortly after injury to detect whether a patient suffers from mtbi , by incorporating machine learning and computer vision technique ←
→ from constraints to resolution rules , part ii : chains , braids , confluence and t & e ; in this part ii , we apply the general theory developed in part i to a detailed analysis of the constraint satisfaction problem ( csp ). we show how specific types of resolution rules can be defined . in particular , we introduce the general notions of a chain and a braid . as in part i , these notions are illustrated in detail with the sudoku example - a problem known to be np - complete and which is therefore typical of a broad c ←
→ tversky loss function for image segmentation using 3d fully convolutional deep networks ; fully convolutional deep neural networks carry out excellent potential for fast and accurate image segmentation . one of the main challenges in training these networks is data imbalance , which is particularly problematic in medical imaging applications such as lesion segmentation where the number of lesion voxels is often much lower than the number of non - lesion voxels . training with unbalanced data can lead to predic ←
→ generating instance segmentation annotation by geometry - guided gan ; instance segmentation is a problem of significance in computer vision . however , preparing annotated data for this task is extremely time - consuming and costly . by combining the advantages of 3d scanning , physical reasoning , and gan techniques , we introduce a novel pipeline named geometry - guided gan ( geogan ) to obtain large quantities of training samples with minor annotation . our pipeline is well - suited to most indoor and some outdoor scena ←
→ mocogan : decomposing motion and content for video generation ; visual signals in a video can be divided into content and motion . while content specifies which objects are in the video , motion describes their dynamics . based on this prior , we propose the motion and content decomposed generative adversarial network ( mocogan ) framework for video generation . the proposed framework generates a video by mapping a sequence of random vectors to a sequence of video frames . each random vector consists of a content pa ←
→ smodels : a system for answer set programming ; the smodels system implements the stable model semantics for normal logic programs . it handles a subclass of programs which contain no function symbols and are domain - restricted but supports extensions including built - in functions as well as cardinality and weight constraints . on top of this core engine more involved systems can be built . as an example , we have implemented total and partial stable model computation for disjunctive logic programs . an interesting ←
→ quality assessment metrics for edge detection and edge - aware filtering : a tutorial review ; the quality assessment of edges in an image is an important topic as it helps to benchmark the performance of edge detectors , and edge - aware filters that are used in a wide range of image processing tasks . the most popular image quality metrics such as mean squared error ( mse ), peak signal - to - noise ratio ( psnr ) and structural similarity ( ssim ) metrics for assessing and justifying the quality of edges . however , they ←
→ on the relation between dependency distance , crossing dependencies , and parsing . comment on " dependency distance : a new perspective on syntactic patterns in natural languages " by haitao liu et al ; liu et al . ( 2017 ) provide a comprehensive account of research on dependency distance in human languages . while the article is a very rich and useful report on this complex subject , here i will expand on a few specific issues where research in computational linguistics ( specifically natural language processing ←
→ deep learning face attributes in the wild ; predicting face attributes in the wild is challenging due to complex face variations . we propose a novel deep learning framework for attribute prediction in the wild . it cascades two cnns , lnet and anet , which are fine - tuned jointly with attribute tags , but pre - trained differently . lnet is pre - trained by massive general object categories for face localization , while anet is pre - trained by massive face identities for attribute prediction . this framework not only ou ←
→ formal semantics of language and the richard - berry paradox ; the classical logical antinomy known as richard - berry paradox is combined with plausible assumptions about the size i . e . the descriptional complexity of turing machines formalizing certain sentences , to show that formalization of language leads to contradiction .←
→ greenhouse : a zero - positive machine learning system for time - series anomaly detection ; this short paper describes our ongoing research on greenhouse - a zero - positive machine learning system for time - series anomaly detection .←
→ distribution - specific agnostic boosting ; we consider the problem of boosting the accuracy of weak learning algorithms in the agnostic learning framework of haussler ( 1992 ) and kearns et al . ( 1992 ). known algorithms for this problem ( ben - david et al ., 2001 ; gavinsky , 2002 ; kalai et al ., 2008 ) follow the same strategy as boosting algorithms in the pac model : the weak learner is executed on the same target function but over different distributions on the domain . we demonstrate boosting algorithms for the agno ←
→ unsupervised spectral learning ; in spectral clustering and spectral image segmentation , the data is partioned starting from a given matrix of pairwise similarities s . the matrix s is constructed by hand , or learned on a separate training set . in this paper we show how to achieve spectral clustering in unsupervised mode . our algorithm starts with a set of observed pairwise features , which are possible components of an unknown , parametric similarity function . this function is learned iteratively , at the same ←
→ temporal - difference learning to assist human decision making during the control of an artificial limb ; in this work we explore the use of reinforcement learning ( rl ) to help with human decision making , combining state - of - the - art rl algorithms with an application to prosthetics . managing human - machine interaction is a problem of considerable scope , and the simplification of human - robot interfaces is especially important in the domains of biomedical technology and rehabilitation medicine . for example , ampu ←
→ denoising gravitational waves using deep learning with recurrent denoising autoencoders ; gravitational wave astronomy is a rapidly growing field of modern astrophysics , with observations being made frequently by the ligo detectors . gravitational wave signals are often extremely weak and the data from the detectors , such as ligo , is contaminated with non - gaussian and non - stationary noise , often containing transient disturbances which can obscure real signals . traditional denoising methods , such as princip ←
→ discovering relationships and their structures across disparate data modalities ; determining how certain properties are related to other properties is fundamental to scientific discovery . as data collection rates accelerate , it is becoming increasingly difficult yet ever more important to determine whether one property of data ( e . g ., cloud density ) is related to another ( e . g ., grass wetness ). only if two properties are related are further investigations into the geometry of the relationship warranted . wh ←
→ infinite mixture model of markov chains ; we propose a bayesian nonparametric mixture model for prediction - and information extraction tasks with an efficient inference scheme . it models categorical - valued time series that exhibit dynamics from multiple underlying patterns ( e . g . user behavior traces ). we simplify the idea of capturing these patterns by hierarchical hidden markov models ( hhmms ) - and extend the existing approaches by the additional representation of structural information . our empirical resu ←
→ extended depth - of - field in holographic image reconstruction using deep learning based auto - focusing and phase - recovery ; holography encodes the three dimensional ( 3d ) information of a sample in the form of an intensity - only recording . however , to decode the original sample image from its hologram ( s ), auto - focusing and phase - recovery are needed , which are in general cumbersome and time - consuming to digitally perform . here we demonstrate a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based approach that simultaneousl ←
→ deep feelings : a massive cross - lingual study on the relation between emotions and virality ; this article provides a comprehensive investigation on the relations between virality of news articles and the emotions they are found to evoke . virality , in our view , is a phenomenon with many facets , i . e . under this generic term several different effects of persuasive communication are comprised . by exploiting a high - coverage and bilingual corpus of documents containing metrics of their spread on social networks ←
→ inverse covariance estimation for high - dimensional data in linear time and space : spectral methods for riccati and sparse models ; we propose maximum likelihood estimation for learning gaussian graphical models with a gaussian ( ell_2 ^ 2 ) prior on the parameters . this is in contrast to the commonly used laplace ( ell_1 ) prior for encouraging sparseness . we show that our optimization problem leads to a riccati matrix equation , which has a closed form solution . we propose an efficient algorithm that performs a ←
→ asynchrony begets momentum , with an application to deep learning ; asynchronous methods are widely used in deep learning , but have limited theoretical justification when applied to non - convex problems . we show that running stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) in an asynchronous manner can be viewed as adding a momentum - like term to the sgd iteration . our result does not assume convexity of the objective function , so it is applicable to deep learning systems . we observe that a standard queuing model of asynchro ←
→ recent advances in the applications of convolutional neural networks to medical image contour detection ; the fast growing deep learning technologies have become the main solution of many machine learning problems for medical image analysis . deep convolution neural networks ( cnns ), as one of the most important branch of the deep learning family , have been widely investigated for various computer - aided diagnosis tasks including long - term problems and continuously emerging new problems . image contour detect ←
→ learning a rotation invariant detector with rotatable bounding box ; detection of arbitrarily rotated objects is a challenging task due to the difficulties of locating the multi - angle objects and separating them effectively from the background . the existing methods are not robust to angle varies of the objects because of the use of traditional bounding box , which is a rotation variant structure for locating rotated objects . in this article , a new detection method is proposed which applies the newly defined ←
→ positive semidefinite metric learning with boosting ; the learning of appropriate distance metrics is a critical problem in image classification and retrieval . in this work , we propose a boosting - based technique , termed \ boostmetric , for learning a mahalanobis distance metric . one of the primary difficulties in learning such a metric is to ensure that the mahalanobis matrix remains positive semidefinite . semidefinite programming is sometimes used to enforce this constraint , but does not scale well . \ boostme ←
→ a survey of word reordering in statistical machine translation : computational models and language phenomena ; word reordering is one of the most difficult aspects of statistical machine translation ( smt ), and an important factor of its quality and efficiency . despite the vast amount of research published to date , the interest of the community in this problem has not decreased , and no single method appears to be strongly dominant across language pairs . instead , the choice of the optimal approach for a new ←
→ an iterative algorithm for fitting nonconvex penalized generalized linear models with grouped predictors ; high - dimensional data pose challenges in statistical learning and modeling . sometimes the predictors can be naturally grouped where pursuing the between - group sparsity is desired . collinearity may occur in real - world high - dimensional applications where the popular $ l_1 $ technique suffers from both selection inconsistency and prediction inaccuracy . moreover , the problems of interest often go beyond ga ←
→ using noisy extractions to discover causal knowledge ; knowledge bases ( kb ) constructed through information extraction from text play an important role in query answering and reasoning . in this work , we study a particular reasoning task , the problem of discovering causal relationships between entities , known as causal discovery . there are two contrasting types of approaches to discovering causal knowledge . one approach attempts to identify causal relationships from text using automatic extraction techniques ←
→ file mapping rule - based dbms and natural language processing ; this paper describes the system of storage , extract and processing of information structured similarly to the natural language . for recursive inference the system uses the rules having the same representation , as the data . the environment of storage of information is provided with the file mapping ( shm ) mechanism of operating system . in the paper the main principles of construction of dynamic data structure and language for record of the inferen ←
→ color constancy by learning to predict chromaticity from luminance ; color constancy is the recovery of true surface color from observed color , and requires estimating the chromaticity of scene illumination to correct for the bias it induces . in this paper , we show that the per - pixel color statistics of natural scenes --- without any spatial or semantic context --- can by themselves be a powerful cue for color constancy . specifically , we describe an illuminant estimation method that is built around a " classifie ←
→ automatic annotation of axoplasmic reticula in pursuit of connectomes ; in this paper , we present a new pipeline which automatically identifies and annotates axoplasmic reticula , which are small subcellular structures present only in axons . we run our algorithm on the kasthuri11 dataset , which was color corrected using gradient - domain techniques to adjust contrast . we use a bilateral filter to smooth out the noise in this data while preserving edges , which highlights axoplasmic reticula . these axoplasmic re ←
→ an expectation conditional maximization approach for gaussian graphical models ; bayesian graphical models are a useful tool for understanding dependence relationships among many variables , particularly in situations with external prior information . in high - dimensional settings , the space of possible graphs becomes enormous , rendering even state - of - the - art bayesian stochastic search computationally infeasible . we propose a deterministic alternative to estimate gaussian and gaussian copula graphical models ←
→ fast k - means based on knn graph ; in the era of big data , k - means clustering has been widely adopted as a basic processing tool in various contexts . however , its computational cost could be prohibitively high as the data size and the cluster number are large . it is well known that the processing bottleneck of k - means lies in the operation of seeking closest centroid in each iteration . in this paper , a novel solution towards the scalability issue of k - means is presented . in the proposal , k - means is supported ←
→ learning to exploit different translation resources for cross language information retrieval ; one of the important factors that affects the performance of cross language information retrieval ( clir ) is the quality of translations being employed in clir . in order to improve the quality of translations , it is important to exploit available resources efficiently . employing different translation resources with different characteristics has many challenges . in this paper , we propose a method for exploiting avai ←
→ surrogate search as a way to combat harmful effects of ill - behaved evaluation functions ; recently , several researchers have found that cost - based satisficing search with a * often runs into problems . although some " work arounds " have been proposed to ameliorate the problem , there has been little concerted effort to pinpoint its origin . in this paper , we argue that the origins of this problem can be traced back to the fact that most planners that try to optimize cost also use cost - based evaluation function ←
→ an attention - driven approach of no - reference image quality assessment ; in this paper , we present a novel method of no - reference image quality assessment ( nr - iqa ), which is to predict the perceptual quality score of a given image without using any reference image . the proposed method harnesses three functions ( i ) the visual attention mechanism , which affects many aspects of visual perception including image quality assessment , however , is overlooked in the nr - iqa literature . the method assumes that the fixa ←
→ fast landmark subspace clustering ; kernel methods obtain superb performance in terms of accuracy for various machine learning tasks since they can effectively extract nonlinear relations . however , their time complexity can be rather large especially for clustering tasks . in this paper we define a general class of kernels that can be easily approximated by randomization . these kernels appear in various applications , in particular , traditional spectral clustering , landmark - based spectral clustering and landm ←
→ does a plane imitate a bird ? does computer vision have to follow biological paradigms ? ; we posit a new paradigm for image information processing . for the last 25 years , this task was usually approached in the frame of treisman ' s two - stage paradigm [ 1 ]. the latter supposes an unsupervised , bottom - up directed process of preliminary information pieces gathering at the lower processing stages and a supervised , top - down directed process of information pieces binding and grouping at the higher stages . it is ac ←
→ deep competitive pathway networks ; in the design of deep neural architectures , recent studies have demonstrated the benefits of grouping subnetworks into a larger network . for examples , the inception architecture integrates multi - scale subnetworks and the residual network can be regarded that a residual unit combines a residual subnetwork with an identity shortcut . in this work , we embrace this observation and propose the competitive pathway network ( copanet ). the copanet comprises a stack of competitive p ←
→ transitive text mining for information extraction and hypothesis generation ; transitive text mining - also named swanson linking ( sl ) after its primary and principal researcher - tries to establish meaningful links between literature sets which are virtually disjoint in the sense that each does not mention the main concept of the other . if successful , sl may give rise to the development of new hypotheses . in this communication we describe our approach to transitive text mining which employs co - occurrence ←
→ learning a generative adversarial network for high resolution artwork synthesis ; artwork is a mode of creative expression and this paper is particularly interested in investigating if machine can learn and synthetically create artwork that are usually non - figurative and structured abstract . to this end , we propose an extension to the generative adversarial network ( gan ), namely as the artgan to synthetically generate high quality artwork . this is in contrast to most of the current solutions that focused ←
→ compilation as a typed edsl - to - edsl transformation ; this article is about an implementation and compilation technique that is used in raw - feldspar which is a complete rewrite of the feldspar embedded domain - specific language ( edsl ) ( axelsson et al . 2010 ). feldspar is high - level functional language that generates efficient c code to run on embedded targets . the gist of the technique presented in this post is the following : rather writing a back end that converts pure feldspar expressions directly to c , we t ←
→ convex optimization learning of faithful euclidean distance representations in nonlinear dimensionality reduction ; classical multidimensional scaling only works well when the noisy distances observed in a high dimensional space can be faithfully represented by euclidean distances in a low dimensional space . advanced models such as maximum variance unfolding ( mvu ) and minimum volume embedding ( mve ) use semi - definite programming ( sdp ) to reconstruct such faithful representations . while those sdp models are ←
→ a new clustering approach based on page ' s path similarity for navigation patterns mining ; in recent years , predicting the user ' s next request in web navigation has received much attention . an information source to be used for dealing with such problem is the left information by the previous web users stored at the web access log on the web servers . purposed systems for this problem work based on this idea that if a large number of web users request specific pages of a website on a given session , it can b ←
→ modeling multimodal clues in a hybrid deep learning framework for video classification ; videos are inherently multimodal . this paper studies the problem of how to fully exploit the abundant multimodal clues for improved video categorization . we introduce a hybrid deep learning framework that integrates useful clues from multiple modalities , including static spatial appearance information , motion patterns within a short time window , audio information as well as long - range temporal dynamics . more specifica ←
→ real - time convolutional neural networks for emotion and gender classification ; in this paper we propose an implement a general convolutional neural network ( cnn ) building framework for designing real - time cnns . we validate our models by creating a real - time vision system which accomplishes the tasks of face detection , gender classification and emotion classification simultaneously in one blended step using our proposed cnn architecture . after presenting the details of the training procedure setup we proc ←
→ regularized orthogonal tensor decompositions for multi - relational learning ; multi - relational learning has received lots of attention from researchers in various research communities . most existing methods either suffer from superlinear per - iteration cost , or are sensitive to the given ranks . to address both issues , we propose a scalable core tensor trace norm regularized orthogonal iteration decomposition ( roid ) method for full or incomplete tensor analytics , which can be generalized as a graph laplacian ←
→ extremely fast decision tree ; we introduce a novel incremental decision tree learning algorithm , hoeffding anytime tree , that is statistically more efficient than the current state - of - the - art , hoeffding tree . we demonstrate that an implementation of hoeffding anytime tree ---" extremely fast decision tree ", a minor modification to the moa implementation of hoeffding tree --- obtains significantly superior prequential accuracy on most of the largest classification datasets from the uci repository . hoeffding any ←
→ targeted advertising based on browsing history ; audience interest , demography , purchase behavior and other possible classifications are ex - tremely important factors to be carefully studied in a targeting campaign . this information can help advertisers and publishers deliver advertisements to the right audience group . how - ever , it is not easy to collect such information , especially for the online audience with whom we have limited interaction and minimum deterministic knowledge . in this paper , we pro - pos ←
→ a hybrid local search for simplified protein structure prediction ; protein structure prediction based on hydrophobic - polar energy model essentially becomes searching for a conformation having a compact hydrophobic core at the center . the hydrophobic core minimizes the interaction energy between the amino acids of the given protein . local search algorithms can quickly find very good conformations by moving repeatedly from the current solution to its " best " neighbor . however , once such a compact hydrophobic ←
→ double - base asymmetric adaboost ; based on the use of different exponential bases to define class - dependent error bounds , a new and highly efficient asymmetric boosting scheme , coined as adaboostdb ( double - base ), is proposed . supported by a fully theoretical derivation procedure , unlike most of the other approaches in the literature , our algorithm preserves all the formal guarantees and properties of original ( cost - insensitive ) adaboost , similarly to the state - of - the - art cost - sensitive adaboost algorithm . h ←
→ independently recurrent neural network ( indrnn ): building a longer and deeper rnn ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have been widely used for processing sequential data . however , rnns are commonly difficult to train due to the well - known gradient vanishing and exploding problems and hard to learn long - term patterns . long short - term memory ( lstm ) and gated recurrent unit ( gru ) were developed to address these problems , but the use of hyperbolic tangent and the sigmoid action functions results in gradient d ←
→ hedge detection as a lens on framing in the gmo debates : a position paper ; understanding the ways in which participants in public discussions frame their arguments is important in understanding how public opinion is formed . in this paper , we adopt the position that it is time for more computationally - oriented research on problems involving framing . in the interests of furthering that goal , we propose the following specific , interesting and , we believe , relatively accessible question : in the controversy r ←
→ deeprebirth : accelerating deep neural network execution on mobile devices ; deploying deep neural networks on mobile devices is a challenging task . current model compression methods such as matrix decomposition effectively reduce the deployed model size , but still cannot satisfy real - time processing requirement . this paper first discovers that the major obstacle is the excessive execution time of non - tensor layers such as pooling and normalization without tensor - like trainable parameters . this motivates u ←
→ learning to segment object candidates ; recent object detection systems rely on two critical steps : ( 1 ) a set of object proposals is predicted as efficiently as possible , and ( 2 ) this set of candidate proposals is then passed to an object classifier . such approaches have been shown they can be fast , while achieving the state of the art in detection performance . in this paper , we propose a new way to generate object proposals , introducing an approach based on a discriminative convolutional network . our model ←
→ neurally implementable semantic networks ; we propose general principles for semantic networks allowing them to be implemented as dynamical neural networks . major features of our scheme include : ( a ) the interpretation that each node in a network stands for a bound integration of the meanings of all nodes and external events the node links with ; ( b ) the systematic use of nodes that stand for categories or types , with separate nodes for instances of these types ; ( c ) an implementation of relationships that doe ←
→ review . machine learning techniques for traffic sign detection ; an automatic road sign detection system localizes road signs from within images captured by an on - board camera of a vehicle , and support the driver to properly ride the vehicle . most existing algorithms include a preprocessing step , feature extraction and detection step . this paper arranges the methods applied to road sign detection into two groups : general machine learning , neural networks . in this review , the issues related to automatic road ←
→ visual question generation as dual task of visual question answering ; recently visual question answering ( vqa ) and visual question generation ( vqg ) are two trending topics in the computer vision , which have been explored separately . in this work , we propose an end - to - end unified framework , the invertible question answering network ( iqan ), to leverage the complementary relations between questions and answers in images by jointly training the model on vqa and vqg tasks . corresponding parameter sharing scheme ←
→ making a case for learning motion representations with phase ; this work advocates eulerian motion representation learning over the current standard lagrangian optical flow model . eulerian motion is well captured by using phase , as obtained by decomposing the image through a complex - steerable pyramid . we discuss the gain of eulerian motion in a set of practical use cases : ( i ) action recognition , ( ii ) motion prediction in static images , ( iii ) motion transfer in static images and , ( iv ) motion transfer in vide ←
→ patchnet : interpretable neural networks for image classification ; the ability to visually understand and interpret learned features from complex predictive models is crucial for their acceptance in sensitive areas such as health care . to move closer to this goal of truly interpretable complex models , we present patchnet , a network that restricts global context for image classification tasks in order to easily provide visual representations of learned texture features on a predetermined local scale . we demo ←
→ the threshold em algorithm for parameter learning in bayesian network with incomplete data ; bayesian networks ( bn ) are used in a big range of applications but they have one issue concerning parameter learning . in real application , training data are always incomplete or some nodes are hidden . to deal with this problem many learning parameter algorithms are suggested foreground em , gibbs sampling and rbe algorithms . in order to limit the search space and escape from local maxima produced by executing em al ←
→ collecting and annotating the large continuous action dataset ; we make available to the community a new dataset to support action - recognition research . this dataset is different from prior datasets in several key ways . it is significantly larger . it contains streaming video with long segments containing multiple action occurrences that often overlap in space and / or time . all actions were filmed in the same collection of backgrounds so that background gives little clue as to action class . we had five humans ←
→ deeply semantic inductive spatio - temporal learning ; we present an inductive spatio - temporal learning framework rooted in inductive logic programming . with an emphasis on visuo - spatial language , logic , and cognition , the framework supports learning with relational spatio - temporal features identifiable in a range of domains involving the processing and interpretation of dynamic visuo - spatial imagery . we present a prototypical system , and an example application in the domain of computing for visual arts and c ←
→ generalized orderless pooling performs implicit salient matching ; most recent cnn architectures use average pooling as a final feature encoding step . in the field of fine - grained recognition , however , recent global representations like bilinear pooling offer improved performance . in this paper , we generalize average and bilinear pooling to " alpha - pooling ", allowing for learning the pooling strategy during training . in addition , we present a novel way to visualize decisions made by these approaches . we iden ←
→ the theory of unified relativity for a biovielectroluminescence phenomenon via fly ' s visual and imaging system ; the elucidation upon fly ' s neuronal patterns as a link to computer graphics and memory cards i / o ' s , is investigated for the phenomenon by propounding a unified theory of einstein ' s two known relativities . it is conclusive that flies could contribute a certain amount of neuromatrices indicating an imagery function of a visual - computational system into computer graphics and storage systems . the v ←
→ variations of images to increase their visibility ; the calculus of variations applied to the image processing requires some numerical models able to perform the variations of images and the extremization of appropriate actions . to produce the variations of images , there are several possibilities based on the brightness maps . before a numerical model , i propose an experimental approach , based on a tool of gimp , gnu image manipulation program , in order to visualize how the image variations can be . after the ←
→ joint intermodal and intramodal label transfers for extremely rare or unseen classes ; in this paper , we present a label transfer model from texts to images for image classification tasks . the problem of image classification is often much more challenging than text classification . on one hand , labeled text data is more widely available than the labeled images for classification tasks . on the other hand , text data tends to have natural semantic interpretability , and they are often more directly related to ←
→ chexnet : radiologist - level pneumonia detection on chest x - rays with deep learning ; we develop an algorithm that can detect pneumonia from chest x - rays at a level exceeding practicing radiologists . our algorithm , chexnet , is a 121 - layer convolutional neural network trained on chestx - ray14 , currently the largest publicly available chest x - ray dataset , containing over 100 , 000 frontal - view x - ray images with 14 diseases . four practicing academic radiologists annotate a test set , on which we compare the perfor ←
→ efficient elastic net regularization for sparse linear models ; this paper presents an algorithm for efficient training of sparse linear models with elastic net regularization . extending previous work on delayed updates , the new algorithm applies stochastic gradient updates to non - zero features only , bringing weights current as needed with closed - form updates . closed - form delayed updates for the $\ ell_1 $, $\ ell_ {\ infty }$, and rarely used $\ ell_2 $ regularizers have been described previously . this paper provi ←
→ max - plus statistical leverage scores ; the statistical leverage scores of a complex matrix $ a \ in \ mathbb { c }^{ n \ times d }$ record the degree of alignment between col $( a )$ and the coordinate axes in $\ mathbb { c }^ n $. these score are used in random sampling algorithms for solving certain numerical linear algebra problems . in this paper we present a max - plus algebraic analogue for statistical leverage scores . we show that max - plus statistical leverage scores can be used to calculate the exact asymptotic behavior of ←
→ non - parametric bayesian areal linguistics ; we describe a statistical model over linguistic areas and phylogeny . our model recovers known areas and identifies a plausible hierarchy of areal features . the use of areas improves genetic reconstruction of languages both qualitatively and quantitatively according to a variety of metrics . we model linguistic areas by a pitman - yor process and linguistic phylogeny by kingman ' s coalescent .←
→ estimating scale - invariant future in continuous time ; natural learners must compute an estimate of future outcomes that follow from a stimulus in continuous time . critically , the learner cannot in general know a priori the relevant time scale over which meaningful relationships will be observed . widely used reinforcement learning algorithms discretize continuous time and use the bellman equation to estimate exponentially - discounted future reward . however , exponential discounting introduces a time scale to ←
→ using convolutional neural networks to count palm trees in satellite images ; in this paper we propose a supervised learning system for counting and localizing palm trees in high - resolution , panchromatic satellite imagery ( 40cm / pixel to 1 . 5m / pixel ). a convolutional neural network classifier trained on a set of palm and no - palm images is applied across a satellite image scene in a sliding window fashion . the resultant confidence map is smoothed with a uniform filter . a non - maximal suppression is applied on ←
→ adaptive regularization in convex composite optimization for variational imaging problems ; we propose an adaptive regularization scheme in a variational framework where a convex composite energy functional is optimized . we consider a number of imaging problems including denoising , segmentation and motion estimation , which are considered as optimal solutions of the energy functionals that mainly consist of data fidelity , regularization and a control parameter for their trade - off . we presents an algorithm ←
→ flexible constrained sampling with guarantees for pattern mining ; pattern sampling has been proposed as a potential solution to the infamous pattern explosion . instead of enumerating all patterns that satisfy the constraints , individual patterns are sampled proportional to a given quality measure . several sampling algorithms have been proposed , but each of them has its limitations when it comes to 1 ) flexibility in terms of quality measures and constraints that can be used , and / or 2 ) guarantees with respec ←
→ about pyramid structure in convolutional neural networks ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) brought revolution without any doubt to various challenging tasks , mainly in computer vision . however , their model designing still requires attention to reduce number of learnable parameters , with no meaningful reduction in performance . in this paper we investigate to what extend cnn may take advantage of pyramid structure typical of biological neurons . a generalized statement over convolutional layers from i ←
→ structured variational inference for coupled gaussian processes ; sparse variational approximations allow for principled and scalable inference in gaussian process ( gp ) models . in settings where several gps are part of the generative model , theses gps are a posteriori coupled . for many applications such as regression where predictive accuracy is the quantity of interest , this coupling is not crucial . howewer if one is interested in posterior uncertainty , it cannot be ignored . a key element of variational in ←
→ deep stacked networks with residual polishing for image inpainting ; deep neural networks have shown promising results in image inpainting even if the missing area is relatively large . however , most of the existing inpainting networks introduce undesired artifacts and noise to the repaired regions . to solve this problem , we present a novel framework which consists of two stacked convolutional neural networks that inpaint the image and remove the artifacts , respectively . the first network considers the globa ←
→ multimodal affect recognition using kinect ; affect ( emotion ) recognition has gained significant attention from researchers in the past decade . emotion - aware computer systems and devices have many applications ranging from interactive robots , intelligent online tutor to emotion based navigation assistant . in this research data from multiple modalities such as face , head , hand , body and speech was utilized for affect recognition . the research used color and depth sensing device such as kinect for facial feat ←
→ dynamical kinds and their discovery ; we demonstrate the possibility of classifying causal systems into kinds that share a common structure without first constructing an explicit dynamical model or using prior knowledge of the system dynamics . the algorithmic ability to determine whether arbitrary systems are governed by causal relations of the same form offers significant practical applications in the development and validation of dynamical models . it is also of theoretical interest as an essential stage i ←
→ color constancy using cnns ; in this work we describe a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to accurately predict the scene illumination . taking image patches as input , the cnn works in the spatial domain without using hand - crafted features that are employed by most previous methods . the network consists of one convolutional layer with max pooling , one fully connected layer and three output nodes . within the network structure , feature learning and regression are integrated into one optimization process , whic ←
→ a kernel test of goodness of fit ; we propose a nonparametric statistical test for goodness - of - fit : given a set of samples , the test determines how likely it is that these were generated from a target density function . the measure of goodness - of - fit is a divergence constructed via stein ' s method using functions from a reproducing kernel hilbert space . our test statistic is based on an empirical estimate of this divergence , taking the form of a v - statistic in terms of the log gradients of the target density ←
→ pampo : using pattern matching and pos - tagging for effective named entities recognition in portuguese ; this paper deals with the entity extraction task ( named entity recognition ) of a text mining process that aims at unveiling non - trivial semantic structures , such as relationships and interaction between entities or communities . in this paper we present a simple and efficient named entity extraction algorithm . the method , named pampo ( pattern matching and pos tagging based algorithm for ner ), relies on fl ←
→ adaptive reconfiguration moves for dirichlet mixtures ; bayesian mixture models are widely applied for unsupervised learning and exploratory data analysis . markov chain monte carlo based on gibbs sampling and split - merge moves are widely used for inference in these models . however , both methods are restricted to limited types of transitions and suffer from torpid mixing and low accept rates even for problems of modest size . we propose a method that considers a broader range of transitions that are close to ←
→ compatible extensions and consistent closures : a fuzzy approach ; in this paper $\ ast $-- compatible extensions of fuzzy relations are studied , generalizing some results obtained by duggan in case of crisp relations . from this general result are obtained as particular cases fuzzy versions of some important extension theorems for crisp relations ( szpilrajn , hansson , suzumura ). two notions of consistent closure of a fuzzy relation are introduced .←
→ steering a predator robot using a mixed frame / event - driven convolutional neural network ; this paper describes the application of a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) in the context of a predator / prey scenario . the cnn is trained and run on data from a dynamic and active pixel sensor ( davis ) mounted on a summit xl robot ( the predator ), which follows another one ( the prey ). the cnn is driven by both conventional image frames and dynamic vision sensor " frames " that consist of a constant number of davis on a ←
→ cudnn : efficient primitives for deep learning ; we present a library of efficient implementations of deep learning primitives . deep learning workloads are computationally intensive , and optimizing their kernels is difficult and time - consuming . as parallel architectures evolve , kernels must be reoptimized , which makes maintaining codebases difficult over time . similar issues have long been addressed in the hpc community by libraries such as the basic linear algebra subroutines ( blas ). however , there is no an ←
→ early prediction of the duration of protests using probabilistic latent dirichlet allocation and decision trees ; protests and agitations are an integral part of every democratic civil society . in recent years , south africa has seen a large increase in its protests . the objective of this paper is to provide an early prediction of the duration of protests from its free flowing english text description . free flowing descriptions of the protests help us in capturing its various nuances such as multiple cause ←
→ the landscape of deep learning algorithms ; this paper studies the landscape of empirical risk of deep neural networks by theoretically analyzing its convergence behavior to the population risk as well as its stationary points and properties . for an $ l $- layer linear neural network , we prove its empirical risk uniformly converges to its population risk at the rate of $\ mathcal { o }( r ^{ 2l }\ sqrt { d \ log ( l )}/\ sqrt { n })$ with training sample size of $ n $, the total weight dimension of $ d $ and the magnitude bound $ r $ o ←
→ formal definitions of unbounded evolution and innovation reveal universal mechanisms for open - ended evolution in dynamical systems ; open - ended evolution ( oee ) is relevant to a variety of biological , artificial and technological systems , but has been challenging to reproduce in silico . most theoretical efforts focus on key aspects of open - ended evolution as it appears in biology . we recast the problem as a more general one in dynamical systems theory , providing simple criteria for open - ended evolution bas ←
→ the cultural evolution of national constitutions ; we explore how ideas from infectious disease and genetics can be used to uncover patterns of cultural inheritance and innovation in a corpus of 591 national constitutions spanning 1789 - 2008 . legal " ideas " are encoded as " topics " - words statistically linked in documents - derived from topic modeling the corpus of constitutions . using these topics we derive a diffusion network for borrowing from ancestral constitutions back to the us constitution of 1789 a ←
→ agent programming with declarative goals ; a long and lasting problem in agent research has been to close the gap between agent logics and agent programming frameworks . the main reason for this problem of establishing a link between agent logics and agent programming frameworks is identified and explained by the fact that agent programming frameworks have not incorporated the concept of a ` declarative goal '. instead , such frameworks have focused mainly on plans or ` goals - to - do ' instead of the end goals to b ←
→ automatic image cropping for visual aesthetic enhancement using deep neural networks and cascaded regression ; despite recent progress , computational visual aesthetic is still challenging . image cropping , which refers to the removal of unwanted scene areas , is an important step to improve the aesthetic quality of an image . however , it is challenging to evaluate whether cropping leads to aesthetically pleasing results because the assessment is typically subjective . in this paper , we propose a novel cascade ←
→ interpretable graph - based semi - supervised learning via flows ; in this paper , we consider the interpretability of the foundational laplacian - based semi - supervised learning approaches on graphs . we introduce a novel flow - based learning framework that subsumes the foundational approaches and additionally provides a detailed , transparent , and easily understood expression of the learning process in terms of graph flows . as a result , one can visualize and interactively explore the precise subgraph along which th ←
→ pca - initialized deep neural networks applied to document image analysis ; in this paper , we present a novel approach for initializing deep neural networks , i . e ., by turning pca into neural layers . usually , the initialization of the weights of a deep neural network is done in one of the three following ways : 1 ) with random values , 2 ) layer - wise , usually as deep belief network or as auto - encoder , and 3 ) re - use of layers from another network ( transfer learning ). therefore , typically , many training epochs are n ←
→ curriculum learning for multi - task classification of visual attributes ; visual attributes , from simple objects ( e . g ., backpacks , hats ) to soft - biometrics ( e . g ., gender , height , clothing ) have proven to be a powerful representational approach for many applications such as image description and human identification . in this paper , we introduce a novel method to combine the advantages of both multi - task and curriculum learning in a visual attribute classification framework . individual tasks are grouped based ←
→ robust ensemble clustering using probability trajectories ; although many successful ensemble clustering approaches have been developed in recent years , there are still two limitations to most of the existing approaches . first , they mostly overlook the issue of uncertain links , which may mislead the overall consensus process . second , they generally lack the ability to incorporate global information to refine the local links . to address these two limitations , in this paper , we propose a novel ensemble cluste ←
→ arabidopsis roots segmentation based on morphological operations and crfs ; arabidopsis thaliana is a plant species widely utilized by scientists to estimate the impact of genetic differences in root morphological features . for this purpose , images of this plant after genetic modifications are taken to study differences in the root architecture . this task requires manual segmentations of radicular structures , although this is a particularly tedious and time - consuming labor . in this work , we present an uns ←
→ deepapt : nation - state apt attribution using end - to - end deep neural networks ; in recent years numerous advanced malware , aka advanced persistent threats ( apt ) are allegedly developed by nation - states . the task of attributing an apt to a specific nation - state is extremely challenging for several reasons . each nation - state has usually more than a single cyber unit that develops such advanced malware , rendering traditional authorship attribution algorithms useless . furthermore , those apts use state - of - the - ar ←
→ predicate logic as a modeling language : modeling and solving some machine learning and data mining problems with idp3 ; this paper provides a gentle introduction to problem solving with the idp3 system . the core of idp3 is a finite model generator that supports first order logic enriched with types , inductive definitions , aggregates and partial functions . it offers its users a modeling language that is a slight extension of predicate logic and allows them to solve a wide range of search problems . apart fr ←
→ an improved training procedure for neural autoregressive data completion ; neural autoregressive models are explicit density estimators that achieve state - of - the - art likelihoods for generative modeling . the d - dimensional data distribution is factorized into an autoregressive product of one - dimensional conditional distributions according to the chain rule . data completion is a more involved task than data generation : the model must infer missing variables for any partially observed input vector . previous wor ←
→ hacia una teoria de unificacion para los comportamientos cognitivos ; each cognitive science tries to understand a set of cognitive behaviors . the structuring of knowledge of this nature ' s aspect is far from what it can be expected about a science . until now universal standard consistently describing the set of cognitive behaviors has not been found , and there are many questions about the cognitive behaviors for which only there are opinions of members of the scientific community . this article has three pro ←
→ comparison of computer systems and ranking criteria for automatic melanoma detection in dermoscopic images ; melanoma is the deadliest form of skin cancer . computer systems can assist in melanoma detection , but are not widespread in clinical practice . in 2016 , an open challenge in classification of dermoscopic images of skin lesions was announced . a training set of 900 images with corresponding class labels and semi - automatic / manual segmentation masks was released for the challenge . an independent test se ←
→ a bootstrap method for error estimation in randomized matrix multiplication ; in recent years , randomized methods for numerical linear algebra have received growing interest as a general approach to large - scale problems . typically , the essential ingredient of these methods is some form of randomized dimension reduction , which accelerates computations , but also creates random approximation error . in this way , the dimension reduction step encodes a tradeoff between cost and accuracy . however , the exact nume ←
→ phase transition and network structure in realistic sat problems ; a fundamental question in computer science is understanding when a specific class of problems go from being computationally easy to hard . because of its generality and applications , the problem of boolean satisfiability ( aka sat ) is often used as a vehicle for investigating this question . a signal result from these studies is that the hardness of sat problems exhibits a dramatic easy - to - hard phase transition with respect to the problem const ←
→ bootstrapping skills ; the monolithic approach to policy representation in markov decision processes ( mdps ) looks for a single policy that can be represented as a function from states to actions . for the monolithic approach to succeed ( and this is not always possible ), a complex feature representation is often necessary since the policy is a complex object that has to prescribe what actions to take all over the state space . this is especially true in large domains with complicated dynamics . it is also compu ←
→ machine learning as statistical data assimilation ; we identify a strong equivalence between neural network based machine learning ( ml ) methods and the formulation of statistical data assimilation ( da ), known to be a problem in statistical physics . da , as used widely in physical and biological sciences , systematically transfers information in observations to a model of the processes producing the observations . the correspondence is that layer label in the ml setting is the analog of time in the data assimil ←
→ improved neural text attribute transfer with non - parallel data ; text attribute transfer using non - parallel data requires methods that can perform disentanglement of content and linguistic attributes . in this work , we propose multiple improvements over the existing approaches that enable the encoder - decoder framework to cope with the text attribute transfer from non - parallel data . we perform experiments on the sentiment transfer task using two datasets . for both datasets , our proposed method outperforms a s ←
→ accelerated optimization in the pde framework : formulations for the active contour case ; following the seminal work of nesterov , accelerated optimization methods have been used to powerfully boost the performance of first - order , gradient - based parameter estimation in scenarios where second - order optimization strategies are either inapplicable or impractical . not only does accelerated gradient descent converge considerably faster than traditional gradient descent , but it also performs a more robust local ←
→ categorizing ancient documents ; the analysis of historical documents is still a topical issue given the importance of information that can be extracted and also the importance given by the institutions to preserve their heritage . the main idea in order to characterize the content of the images of ancient documents after attempting to clean the image is segmented blocks texts from the same image and tries to find similar blocks in either the same image or the entire image database . most approaches of offlin ←
→ do convolutional neural networks learn class hierarchy ? ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) currently achieve state - of - the - art accuracy in image classification . with a growing number of classes , the accuracy usually drops as the possibilities of confusion increase . interestingly , the class confusion patterns follow a hierarchical structure over the classes . we present visual - analytics methods to reveal and analyze this hierarchy of similar classes in relation with cnn - internal data . we found that this hi ←
→ introduction to clustering algorithms and applications ; data clustering is the process of identifying natural groupings or clusters within multidimensional data based on some similarity measure . clustering is a fundamental process in many different disciplines . hence , researchers from different fields are actively working on the clustering problem . this paper provides an overview of the different representative clustering methods . in addition , application of clustering in different field is briefly introdu ←
→ techniques for learning binary stochastic feedforward neural networks ; stochastic binary hidden units in a multi - layer perceptron ( mlp ) network give at least three potential benefits when compared to deterministic mlp networks . ( 1 ) they allow to learn one - to - many type of mappings . ( 2 ) they can be used in structured prediction problems , where modeling the internal structure of the output is important . ( 3 ) stochasticity has been shown to be an excellent regularizer , which makes generalization performance pot ←
→ dart : dropouts meet multiple additive regression trees ; multiple additive regression trees ( mart ), an ensemble model of boosted regression trees , is known to deliver high prediction accuracy for diverse tasks , and it is widely used in practice . however , it suffers an issue which we call over - specialization , wherein trees added at later iterations tend to impact the prediction of only a few instances , and make negligible contribution towards the remaining instances . this negatively affects the performance o ←
→ classifying sequences by the optimized dissimilarity space embedding approach : a case study on the solubility analysis of the e . coli proteome ; we evaluate a version of the recently - proposed classification system named optimized dissimilarity space embedding ( odse ) that operates in the input space of sequences of generic objects . the odse system has been originally presented as a classification system for patterns represented as labeled graphs . however , since odse is founded on the dissimilarity space re ←
→ apprenticeship learning for model parameters of partially observable environments ; we consider apprenticeship learning , i . e ., having an agent learn a task by observing an expert demonstrating the task in a partially observable environment when the model of the environment is uncertain . this setting is useful in applications where the explicit modeling of the environment is difficult , such as a dialogue system . we show that we can extract information about the environment model by inferring action selecti ←
→ raisonner avec des diagrammes : perspectives cognitives et computationnelles ; diagrammatic , analogical or iconic representations are often contrasted with linguistic or logical representations , in which the shape of the symbols is arbitrary . the aim of this paper is to make a case for the usefulness of diagrams in inferential knowledge representation systems . although commonly used , diagrams have for a long time suffered from the reputation of being only a heuristic tool or a mere support for intuition . ←
→ the digital synaptic neural substrate : a new approach to computational creativity ; we introduce a new artificial intelligence ( ai ) approach called , the ' digital synaptic neural substrate ' ( dsns ). it uses selected attributes from objects in various domains ( e . g . chess problems , classical music , renowned artworks ) and recombines them in such a way as to generate new attributes that can then , in principle , be used to create novel objects of creative value to humans relating to any one of the source domains .←
→ learning model - based sparsity via projected gradient descent ; several convex formulation methods have been proposed previously for statistical estimation with structured sparsity as the prior . these methods often require a carefully tuned regularization parameter , often a cumbersome or heuristic exercise . furthermore , the estimate that these methods produce might not belong to the desired sparsity model , albeit accurately approximating the true parameter . therefore , greedy - type algorithms could often be mo ←
→ distilling knowledge using parallel data for far - field speech recognition ; in order to improve the performance for far - field speech recognition , this paper proposes to distill knowledge from the close - talking model to the far - field model using parallel data . the close - talking model is called the teacher model . the far - field model is called the student model . the student model is trained to imitate the output distributions of the teacher model . this constraint can be realized by minimizing the kullback - le ←
→ deep online convex optimization by putting forecaster to sleep ; methods from convex optimization such as accelerated gradient descent are widely used as building blocks for deep learning algorithms . however , the reasons for their empirical success are unclear , since neural networks are not convex and standard guarantees do not apply . this paper develops the first rigorous link between online convex optimization and error backpropagation on convolutional networks . the first step is to introduce circadian ga ←
→ self - supervised learning : when is fusion of the primary and secondary sensor cue useful ? ; self - supervised learning ( ssl ) is a reliable learning mechanism in which a robot enhances its perceptual capabilities . typically , in ssl a trusted , primary sensor cue provides supervised training data to a secondary sensor cue . in this article , a theoretical analysis is performed on the fusion of the primary and secondary cue in a minimal model of ssl . a proof is provided that determines the specific conditions unde ←
→ detection of tooth caries in bitewing radiographs using deep learning ; we develop a computer aided diagnosis ( cad ) system , which enhances the performance of dentists in detecting wide range of dental caries . the cad system achieves this by acting as a second opinion for the dentists with way higher sensitivity on the task of detecting cavities than the dentists themselves . we develop annotated dataset of more than 3000 bitewing radiographs and utilize it for developing a system for automated diagnosis of d ←
→ cross - validation based nonlinear shrinkage ; many machine learning algorithms require precise estimates of covariance matrices . the sample covariance matrix performs poorly in high - dimensional settings , which has stimulated the development of alternative methods , the majority based on factor models and shrinkage . recent work of ledoit and wolf has extended the shrinkage framework to nonlinear shrinkage ( nls ), a more powerful covariance estimator based on random matrix theory . our contribution shows that , ←
→ social choice rules driven by propositional logic ; several rules for social choice are examined from a unifying point of view that looks at them as procedures for revising a system of degrees of belief in accordance with certain specified logical constraints . belief is here a social attribute , its degrees being measured by the fraction of people who share a given opinion . different known rules and some new ones are obtained depending on which particular constraints are assumed . these constraints allow to m ←
→ frame - semantic parsing with softmax - margin segmental rnns and a syntactic scaffold ; we present a new , efficient frame - semantic parser that labels semantic arguments to framenet predicates . built using an extension to the segmental rnn that emphasizes recall , our basic system achieves competitive performance without any calls to a syntactic parser . we then introduce a method that uses phrase - syntactic annotations from the penn treebank during training only , through a multitask objective ; no parsing is req ←
→ robustly leveraging prior knowledge in text classification ; prior knowledge has been shown very useful to address many natural language processing tasks . many approaches have been proposed to formalise a variety of knowledge , however , whether the proposed approach is robust or sensitive to the knowledge supplied to the model has rarely been discussed . in this paper , we propose three regularization terms on top of generalized expectation criteria , and conduct extensive experiments to justify the robustness ←
→ hierarchical evidence accumulation in the pseiki system and experiments in model - driven mobile robot navigation ; in this paper , we will review the process of evidence accumulation in the pseiki system for expectation - driven interpretation of images of 3 - d scenes . expectations are presented to pseiki as a geometrical hierarchy of abstractions . pseiki ' s job is then to construct abstraction hierarchies in the perceived image taking cues from the abstraction hierarchies in the expectations . the dempster - shaf ←
→ reconstruction of protein - protein interaction pathways by mining subject - verb - objects intermediates ; the exponential increase in publication rate of new articles is limiting access of researchers to relevant literature . this has prompted the use of text mining tools to extract key biological information . previous studies have reported extensive modification of existing generic text processors to process biological text . however , this requirement for modification had not been examined . in this study , we h ←
→ quantification of sand fraction from seismic attributes using neuro - fuzzy approach ; in this paper , we illustrate the modeling of a reservoir property ( sand fraction ) from seismic attributes namely seismic impedance , seismic amplitude , and instantaneous frequency using neuro - fuzzy ( nf ) approach . input dataset includes 3d post - stacked seismic attributes and six well logs acquired from a hydrocarbon field located in the western coast of india . presence of thin sand and shale layers in the basin area makes t ←
→ revisiting video saliency : a large - scale benchmark and a new model ; in this work , we contribute to video saliency research in two ways . first , we introduce a new benchmark for predicting human eye movements during dynamic scene free - viewing , which is long - time urged in this field . our dataset , named dhf1k ( dynamic human fixation ), consists of 1k high - quality , elaborately selected video sequences spanning a large range of scenes , viewpoints , motions , object types and background complexity . existing video sa ←
→ a new convex relaxation for tensor completion ; we study the problem of learning a tensor from a set of linear measurements . a prominent methodology for this problem is based on a generalization of trace norm regularization , which has been used extensively for learning low rank matrices , to the tensor setting . in this paper , we highlight some limitations of this approach and propose an alternative convex relaxation on the euclidean ball . we then describe a technique to solve the associated regularization pr ←
→ optimal parameter settings for the $( 1 +( λ , λ ))$ genetic algorithm ; the $( 1 +(\ lambda ,\ lambda ))$ genetic algorithm is one of the few algorithms for which a super - constant speed - up through the use of crossover could be proven . so far , this algorithm has been used with parameters based also on intuitive considerations . in this work , we rigorously regard the whole parameter space and show that the asymptotic time complexity proven by doerr and doerr ( gecco 2015 ) for the intuitive choice is best possible among ←
→ smoothness and structure learning by proxy ; as data sets grow in size , the ability of learning methods to find structure in them is increasingly hampered by the time needed to search the large spaces of possibilities and generate a score for each that takes all of the observed data into account . for instance , bayesian networks , the model chosen in this paper , have a super - exponentially large search space for a fixed number of variables . one possible method to alleviate this problem is to use a proxy , such ←
→ are accuracy and robustness correlated ? ; machine learning models are vulnerable to adversarial examples formed by applying small carefully chosen perturbations to inputs that cause unexpected classification errors . in this paper , we perform experiments on various adversarial example generation approaches with multiple deep convolutional neural networks including residual networks , the best performing models on imagenet large - scale visual recognition challenge 2015 . we compare the adversarial example genera ←
→ deep learning with eigenvalue decay regularizer ; this paper extends our previous work on regularization of neural networks using eigenvalue decay by employing a soft approximation of the dominant eigenvalue in order to enable the calculation of its derivatives in relation to the synaptic weights , and therefore the application of back - propagation , which is a primary demand for deep learning . moreover , we extend our previous theoretical analysis to deep neural networks and multiclass classification problems .←
→ fixed - point factorized networks ; in recent years , deep neural networks ( dnn ) based methods have achieved remarkable performance in a wide range of tasks and have been among the most powerful and widely used techniques in computer vision . however , dnn - based methods are both computational - intensive and resource - consuming , which hinders the application of these methods on embedded systems like smart phones . to alleviate this problem , we introduce a novel fixed - point factorized networks ( ffn ) for pretrained mo ←
→ towards structured deep neural network for automatic speech recognition ; in this paper we propose the structured deep neural network ( structured dnn ) as a structured and deep learning algorithm , learning to find the best structured object ( such as a label sequence ) given a structured input ( such as a vector sequence ) by globally considering the mapping relationships between the structure rather than item by item . when automatic speech recognition is viewed as a special case of such a structured learning ←
→ foldingnet : interpretable unsupervised learning on 3d point clouds ; recent deep networks that directly handle points in a point set , e . g ., pointnet , have been state - of - the - art for supervised semantic learning tasks on point clouds such as classification and segmentation . in this work , a novel end - to - end deep auto - encoder is proposed to address unsupervised learning challenges on point clouds . on the encoder side , a graph - based enhancement is enforced to promote local structures on top of pointnet . then , a ←
→ the pav algorithm optimizes binary proper scoring rules ; there has been much recent interest in application of the pool - adjacent - violators ( pav ) algorithm for the purpose of calibrating the probabilistic outputs of automatic pattern recognition and machine learning algorithms . special cost functions , known as proper scoring rules form natural objective functions to judge the goodness of such calibration . we show that for binary pattern classifiers , the non - parametric optimization of calibration , subject to ←
→ mining mid - level visual patterns with deep cnn activations ; the purpose of mid - level visual element discovery is to find clusters of image patches that are both representative and discriminative . here we study this problem from the prospective of pattern mining while relying on the recently popularized convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). we observe that a fully - connected cnn activation extracted from an image patch typically possesses two appealing properties that enable its seamless integration with pat ←
→ emerging language spaces learned from massively multilingual corpora ; translations capture important information about languages that can be used as implicit supervision in learning linguistic properties and semantic representations . in an information - centric view , translated texts may be considered as semantic mirrors of the original text and the significant variations that we can observe across various languages can be used to disambiguate a given expression using the linguistic signal that is grounded i ←
→ representation of big data by dimension reduction ; suppose the data consist of a set $ s $ of points $ x_j , 1 \ leq j \ leq j $, distributed in a bounded domain $ d \ subset r ^ n $, where $ n $ and $ j $ are large numbers . in this paper an algorithm is proposed for checking whether there exists a manifold $\ mathbb { m }$ of low dimension near which many of the points of $ s $ lie and finding such $\ mathbb { m }$ if it exists . there are many dimension reduction algorithms , both linear and non - linear . our algorithm is simple to i ←
→ the case for learned index structures ; indexes are models : a b - tree - index can be seen as a model to map a key to the position of a record within a sorted array , a hash - index as a model to map a key to a position of a record within an unsorted array , and a bitmap - index as a model to indicate if a data record exists or not . in this exploratory research paper , we start from this premise and posit that all existing index structures can be replaced with other types of models , including deep - learning models , whi ←
→ multi - scale multi - band densenets for audio source separation ; this paper deals with the problem of audio source separation . to handle the complex and ill - posed nature of the problems of audio source separation , the current state - of - the - art approaches employ deep neural networks to obtain instrumental spectra from a mixture . in this study , we propose a novel network architecture that extends the recently developed densely connected convolutional network ( densenet ), which has shown excellent results on image ←
→ classification of autism spectrum disorder using supervised learning of brain connectivity measures extracted from synchrostates ; objective . the paper investigates the presence of autism using the functional brain connectivity measures derived from electro - encephalogram ( eeg ) of children during face perception tasks . approach . phase synchronized patterns from 128 - channel eeg signals are obtained for typical children and children with autism spectrum disorder ( asd ). the phase synchronized states or synchr ←
→ parameter estimation in spherical symmetry groups ; this paper considers statistical estimation problems where the probability distribution of the observed random variable is invariant with respect to actions of a finite topological group . it is shown that any such distribution must satisfy a restricted finite mixture representation . when specialized to the case of distributions over the sphere that are invariant to the actions of a finite spherical symmetry group $\ mathcal g $, a group - invariant extension o ←
→ when silver glitters more than gold : bootstrapping an italian part - of - speech tagger for twitter ; we bootstrap a state - of - the - art part - of - speech tagger to tag italian twitter data , in the context of the evalita 2016 postwita shared task . we show that training the tagger on native twitter data enriched with little amounts of specifically selected gold data and additional silver - labelled data scraped from facebook , yields better results than using large amounts of manually annotated data from a mix of genre ←
→ transforming and enriching documents for the semantic web ; we suggest to employ techniques from natural language processing ( nlp ) and knowledge representation ( kr ) to transform existing documents into documents amenable for the semantic web . semantic web documents have at least part of their semantics and pragmatics marked up explicitly in both a machine processable as well as human readable manner . xml and its related standards ( xslt , rdf , topic maps etc .) are the unifying platform for the tools and metho ←
→ randomized kernel methods for least - squares support vector machines ; the least - squares support vector machine is a frequently used kernel method for non - linear regression and classification tasks . here we discuss several approximation algorithms for the least - squares support vector machine classifier . the proposed methods are based on randomized block kernel matrices , and we show that they provide good accuracy and reliable scaling for multi - class classification problems with relatively large data sets . al ←
→ graph partition neural networks for semi - supervised classification ; we present graph partition neural networks ( gpnn ), an extension of graph neural networks ( gnns ) able to handle extremely large graphs . gpnns alternate between locally propagating information between nodes in small subgraphs and globally propagating information between the subgraphs . to efficiently partition graphs , we experiment with several partitioning algorithms and also propose a novel variant for fast processing of large scale graphs .←
→ an active learning approach for jointly estimating worker performance and annotation reliability with crowdsourced data ; crowdsourcing platforms offer a practical solution to the problem of affordably annotating large datasets for training supervised classifiers . unfortunately , poor worker performance frequently threatens to compromise annotation reliability , and requesting multiple labels for every instance can lead to large cost increases without guaranteeing good results . minimizing the required train ←
→ exploring strategy - proofness , uniqueness , and pareto optimality for the stable matching problem with couples ; the stable matching problem with couples ( smp - c ) is a ubiquitous real - world extension of the stable matching problem ( smp ) involving complementarities . although smp can be solved in polynomial time , smp - c is np - complete . hence , it is not clear which , if any , of the theoretical results surrounding the canonical smp problem apply in this setting . in this paper , we use a recently - developed sat encod ←
→ game - theoretic modeling of driver and vehicle interactions for verification and validation of autonomous vehicle control systems ; autonomous driving has been the subject of increased interest in recent years both in industry and in academia . serious efforts are being pursued to address legal , technical and logistical problems and make autonomous cars a viable option for everyday transportation . one significant challenge is the time and effort required for the verification and validation of the decision a ←
→ robust kernel density estimation by scaling and projection in hilbert space ; while robust parameter estimation has been well studied in parametric density estimation , there has been little investigation into robust density estimation in the nonparametric setting . we present a robust version of the popular kernel density estimator ( kde ). as with other estimators , a robust version of the kde is useful since sample contamination is a common issue with datasets . what " robustness " means for a nonparametric de ←
→ parsing argumentation structures in persuasive essays ; in this article , we present a novel approach for parsing argumentation structures . we identify argument components using sequence labeling at the token level and apply a new joint model for detecting argumentation structures . the proposed model globally optimizes argument component types and argumentative relations using integer linear programming . we show that our model considerably improves the performance of base classifiers and significantly outper ←
→ hybrid fuzzy - art based k - means clustering methodology to cellular manufacturing using operational time ; this paper presents a new hybrid fuzzy - art based k - means clustering technique to solve the part machine grouping problem in cellular manufacturing systems considering operational time . the performance of the proposed technique is tested with problems from open literature and the results are compared to the existing clustering models such as simple k - means algorithm and modified art1 algorithm using an ←
→ active learning machine learns to create new quantum experiments ; how useful can machine learning be in a quantum laboratory ? here we raise the question of the potential of intelligent machines in the context of scientific research . a major motivation for the present work is the unknown reachability of various entanglement classes in quantum experiments . we investigate this question by using the projective simulation model , a physics - oriented approach to artificial intelligence . in our approach , the projec ←
→ on the performance of filters for reduction of speckle noise in sar images off the coast of the gulf of guinea ; synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) imagery to monitor oil spills are some methods that have been proposed for the west african sub - region . with the increase in the number of oil exploration companies in ghana ( and her neighbors ) and the rise in the coastal activities in the sub - region , there is the need for proper monitoring of the environmental impact of these socio - economic activities on the envi ←
→ lamarckism and mechanism synthesis : approaching constrained optimization with ideas from biology ; nonlinear constrained optimization problems are encountered in many scientific fields . to utilize the huge calculation power of current computers , many mathematic models are also rebuilt as optimization problems . most of them have constrained conditions which need to be handled . borrowing biological concepts , a study is accomplished for dealing with the constraints in the synthesis of a four - bar mechanism . b ←
→ knowledge transfer pre - training ; pre - training is crucial for learning deep neural networks . most of existing pre - training methods train simple models ( e . g ., restricted boltzmann machines ) and then stack them layer by layer to form the deep structure . this layer - wise pre - training has found strong theoretical foundation and broad empirical support . however , it is not easy to employ such method to pre - train models without a clear multi - layer structure , e . g ., recurrent neural networks ( rnns ). this paper present ←
→ building emotional machines : recognizing image emotions through deep neural networks ; an image is a very effective tool for conveying emotions . many researchers have investigated in computing the image emotions by using various features extracted from images . in this paper , we focus on two high level features , the object and the background , and assume that the semantic information of images is a good cue for predicting emotion . an object is one of the most important elements that define an image , and we ←
→ in - order transition - based constituent parsing ; both bottom - up and top - down strategies have been used for neural transition - based constituent parsing . the parsing strategies differ in terms of the order in which they recognize productions in the derivation tree , where bottom - up strategies and top - down strategies take post - order and pre - order traversal over trees , respectively . bottom - up parsers benefit from rich features from readily built partial parses , but lack lookahead guidance in the parsing process ; ←
→ deep transductive semi - supervised maximum margin clustering ; semi - supervised clustering is an very important topic in machine learning and computer vision . the key challenge of this problem is how to learn a metric , such that the instances sharing the same label are more likely close to each other on the embedded space . however , little attention has been paid to learn better representations when the data lie on non - linear manifold . fortunately , deep learning has led to great success on feature learning rec ←
→ the automatic creation of concept maps from documents written using morphologically rich languages ; concept map is a graphical tool for representing knowledge . they have been used in many different areas , including education , knowledge management , business and intelligence . constructing of concept maps manually can be a complex task ; an unskilled person may encounter difficulties in determining and positioning concepts relevant to the problem area . an application that recommends concept candidates and th ←
→ deep supervision with shape concepts for occlusion - aware 3d object parsing ; monocular 3d object parsing is highly desirable in various scenarios including occlusion reasoning and holistic scene interpretation . we present a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture to localize semantic parts in 2d image and 3d space while inferring their visibility states , given a single rgb image . our key insight is to exploit domain knowledge to regularize the network by deeply supervising its hidden layers , ←
→ accurate automatic segmentation of retina layers with emphasis on first layer ; quantification of intra - retinal boundaries in optical coherence tomography ( oct ) is a crucial task for studying and diagnosing neurological and ocular diseases . since manual segmentation of layers is usually a time consuming task and relay on user , a lot of attempts done to do it automatically and without interference of user . although for extracting all layers usually same procedure is applied but finding the first layer is u ←
→ stochastic variational deep kernel learning ; deep kernel learning combines the non - parametric flexibility of kernel methods with the inductive biases of deep learning architectures . we propose a novel deep kernel learning model and stochastic variational inference procedure which generalizes deep kernel learning approaches to enable classification , multi - task learning , additive covariance structures , and stochastic gradient training . specifically , we apply additive base kernels to subsets of output feature ←
→ ultraslow diffusion in language : dynamics of appearance of already popular adjectives on japanese blogs ; what dynamics govern a time series representing the appearance of words in social media data ? in this paper , we investigate an elementary dynamics , from which word - dependent special effects are segregated , such as breaking news , increasing ( or decreasing ) concerns , or seasonality . to elucidate this problem , we investigated approximately three billion japanese blog articles over a period of six years , ←
→ automatic relevance determination in nonnegative matrix factorization with the β - divergence ; this paper addresses the estimation of the latent dimensionality in nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) with the \ beta - divergence . the \ beta - divergence is a family of cost functions that includes the squared euclidean distance , kullback - leibler and itakura - saito divergences as special cases . learning the model order is important as it is necessary to strike the right balance between data fidelity and overfitti ←
→ linear time computation of moments in sum - product networks ; bayesian online algorithms for sum - product networks ( spns ) need to update their posterior distribution after seeing one single additional instance . to do so , they must compute moments of the model parameters under this distribution . the best existing method for computing such moments scales quadratically in the size of the spn , although it scales linearly for trees . this unfortunate scaling makes bayesian online algorithms prohibitively expensive ,←
→ larger - context language modelling ; in this work , we propose a novel method to incorporate corpus - level discourse information into language modelling . we call this larger - context language model . we introduce a late fusion approach to a recurrent language model based on long short - term memory units ( lstm ), which helps the lstm unit keep intra - sentence dependencies and inter - sentence dependencies separate from each other . through the evaluation on three corpora ( imdb , bbc , and penntree bank ), we demon - strate ←
→ spatial - temporal recurrent neural network for emotion recognition ; emotion analysis is a crucial problem to endow artifact machines with real intelligence in many large potential applications . as external appearances of human emotions , electroencephalogram ( eeg ) signals and video face signals are widely used to track and analyze human ' s affective information . according to their common characteristics of spatial - temporal volumes , in this paper we propose a novel deep learning framework named spatial - tempora ←
→ weakly supervised object boundaries ; state - of - the - art learning based boundary detection methods require extensive training data . since labelling object boundaries is one of the most expensive types of annotations , there is a need to relax the requirement to carefully annotate images to make both the training more affordable and to extend the amount of training data . in this paper we propose a technique to generate weakly supervised annotations and show that bounding box annotations alone suffice to reach h ←
→ incremental tradeoff resolution in qualitative probabilistic networks ; qualitative probabilistic reasoning in a bayesian network often reveals tradeoffs : relationships that are ambiguous due to competing qualitative influences . we present two techniques that combine qualitative and numeric probabilistic reasoning to resolve such tradeoffs , inferring the qualitative relationship between nodes in a bayesian network . the first approach incrementally marginalizes nodes that contribute to the ambiguous qualitat ←
→ localization for wireless sensor networks : a neural network approach ; as wireless sensor networks are penetrating into the industrial domain , many research opportunities are emerging . one such essential and challenging application is that of node localization . a feed - forward neural network based methodology is adopted in this paper . the received signal strength indicator ( rssi ) values of the anchor node beacons are used . the number of anchor nodes and their configurations has an impact on the accuracy of t ←
→ generative statistical models with self - emergent grammar of chord sequences ; generative statistical models of chord sequences play crucial roles in music processing . to capture syntactic similarities among certain chords ( e . g . in c major key , between g and g7 and between f and dm ), we study hidden markov models and probabilistic context - free grammar models with latent variables describing syntactic categories of chord symbols and their unsupervised learning techniques for inducing the latent grammar from ←
→ learning deep features for source color laser printer identification based on cascaded learning ; color laser printers have fast printing speed and high resolution , and forgeries using color laser printers can cause significant harm to society . a source printer identification technique can be employed as a countermeasure to those forgeries . this paper presents a color laser printer identification method based on cascaded learning of deep neural networks . the refiner network is trained by adversarial train ←
→ knowledge discovery of hydrocyclone s circuit based on sonfis and sorst ; this study describes application of some approximate reasoning methods to analysis of hydrocyclone performance . in this manner , using a combining of self organizing map ( som ), neuro - fuzzy inference system ( nfis )- sonfis - and rough set theory ( rst )- sorst - crisp and fuzzy granules are obtained . balancing of crisp granules and non - crisp granules can be implemented in close - open iteration . using different criteria and based on granulation l ←
→ sharpened error bounds for random sampling based $\ ell_2 $ regression ; given a data matrix $ x \ in r ^{ n \ times d }$ and a response vector $ y \ in r ^{ n }$, suppose $ n > d $, it costs $ o ( n d ^ 2 )$ time and $ o ( n d )$ space to solve the least squares regression ( lsr ) problem . when $ n $ and $ d $ are both large , exactly solving the lsr problem is very expensive . when $ n \ gg d $, one feasible approach to speeding up lsr is to randomly embed $ y $ and all columns of $ x $ into a smaller subspace $ r ^ c $; the induced lsr problem has th ←
→ near - optimal brl using optimistic local transitions ; model - based bayesian reinforcement learning ( brl ) allows a found formalization of the problem of acting optimally while facing an unknown environment , i . e ., avoiding the exploration - exploitation dilemma . however , algorithms explicitly addressing brl suffer from such a combinatorial explosion that a large body of work relies on heuristic algorithms . this paper introduces bolt , a simple and ( almost ) deterministic heuristic algorithm for brl which is optimi ←
→ broad context language modeling as reading comprehension ; progress in text understanding has been driven by large datasets that test particular capabilities , like recent datasets for reading comprehension ( hermann et al ., 2015 ). we focus here on the lambada dataset ( paperno et al ., 2016 ), a word prediction task requiring broader context than the immediate sentence . we view lambada as a reading comprehension problem and apply comprehension models based on neural networks . though these models are constrained ←
→ how robust are reconstruction thresholds for community detection ? ; the stochastic block model is one of the oldest and most ubiquitous models for studying clustering and community detection . in an exciting sequence of developments , motivated by deep but non - rigorous ideas from statistical physics , decelle et al . conjectured a sharp threshold for when community detection is possible in the sparse regime . mossel , neeman and sly and massoulie proved the conjecture and gave matching algorithms and lower bounds ←
→ on the complexity of bandit and derivative - free stochastic convex optimization ; the problem of stochastic convex optimization with bandit feedback ( in the learning community ) or without knowledge of gradients ( in the optimization community ) has received much attention in recent years , in the form of algorithms and performance upper bounds . however , much less is known about the inherent complexity of these problems , and there are few lower bounds in the literature , especially for nonlinear functions . in t ←
→ cross - language personal name mapping ; name matching between multiple natural languages is an important step in cross - enterprise integration applications and data mining . it is difficult to decide whether or not two syntactic values ( names ) from two heterogeneous data sources are alternative designation of the same semantic entity ( person ), this process becomes more difficult with arabic language due to several factors including spelling and pronunciation variation , dialects and special vowel and consonant ←
→ foundations for a probabilistic event calculus ; we present pec , an event calculus ( ec ) style action language for reasoning about probabilistic causal and narrative information . it has an action language style syntax similar to that of the ec variant modular - e . its semantics is given in terms of possible worlds which constitute possible evolutions of the domain , and builds on that of efec , an epistemic extension of ec . we also describe an asp implementation of pec and show the sense in which this is sound a ←
→ instance similarity deep hashing for multi - label image retrieval ; hash coding has been widely used in the approximate nearest neighbor search for large - scale image retrieval . recently , many deep hashing methods have been proposed and shown largely improved performance over traditional feature - learning - based methods . most of these methods examine the pairwise similarity on the semantic - level labels , where the pairwise similarity is generally defined in a hard - assignment way . that is , the pairwise similarity ←
→ averaged - dqn : variance reduction and stabilization for deep reinforcement learning ; instability and variability of deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) algorithms tend to adversely affect their performance . averaged - dqn is a simple extension to the dqn algorithm , based on averaging previously learned q - values estimates , which leads to a more stable training procedure and improved performance by reducing approximation error variance in the target values . to understand the effect of the algorithm , we examine ←
→ extraction of airways with probabilistic state - space models and bayesian smoothing ; segmenting tree structures is common in several image processing applications . in medical image analysis , reliable segmentations of airways , vessels , neurons and other tree structures can enable important clinical applications . we present a framework for tracking tree structures comprising of elongated branches using probabilistic state - space models and bayesian smoothing . unlike most existing methods that proceed with se ←
→ recognition of handwritten textual annotations using tesseract open source ocr engine for information just in time ( ijit ) ; objective of the current work is to develop an optical character recognition ( ocr ) engine for information just in time ( ijit ) system that can be used for recognition of handwritten textual annotations of lower case roman script . tesseract open source ocr engine under apache license 2 . 0 is used to develop user - specific handwriting recognition models , viz ., the language sets , for the s ←
→ neural network regularization via robust weight factorization ; regularization is essential when training large neural networks . as deep neural networks can be mathematically interpreted as universal function approximators , they are effective at memorizing sampling noise in the training data . this results in poor generalization to unseen data . therefore , it is no surprise that a new regularization technique , dropout , was partially responsible for the now - ubiquitous winning entry to imagenet 2012 by the univ ←
→ on the reliable detection of concept drift from streaming unlabeled data ; classifiers deployed in the real world operate in a dynamic environment , where the data distribution can change over time . these changes , referred to as concept drift , can cause the predictive performance of the classifier to drop over time , thereby making it obsolete . to be of any real use , these classifiers need to detect drifts and be able to adapt to them , over time . detecting drifts has traditionally been approached as a supervi ←
→ application of machine learning for hematological diagnosis ; quick and accurate medical diagnosis is crucial for the successful treatment of a disease . using machine learning algorithms , we have built two models to predict a hematologic disease , based on laboratory blood test results . in one predictive model , we used all available blood test parameters and in the other a reduced set , which is usually measured upon patient admittance . both models produced good results , with a prediction accuracy of 0 . 88 and ←
→ darts : deceiving autonomous cars with toxic signs ; sign recognition is an integral part of autonomous cars . any misclassification of traffic signs can potentially lead to a multitude of disastrous consequences , ranging from a life - threatening accident to a large - scale interruption of transportation services relying on autonomous cars . in this paper , we propose and examine realistic security attacks against sign recognition systems for deceiving autonomous cars with toxic signs ( we call the proposed attacks ←
→ regularized tensor factorizations and higher - order principal components analysis ; high - dimensional tensors or multi - way data are becoming prevalent in areas such as biomedical imaging , chemometrics , networking and bibliometrics . traditional approaches to finding lower dimensional representations of tensor data include flattening the data and applying matrix factorizations such as principal components analysis ( pca ) or employing tensor decompositions such as the candecomp / parafac ( cp ) and tucker decompo ←
→ theory and application of shapelets to the analysis of surface self - assembly imaging ; a method for quantitative analysis of local pattern strength and defects in surface self - assembly imaging is presented and applied to images of stripe and hexagonal ordered domains . the presented method uses " shapelet " functions which were originally developed for quantitative analysis of images of galaxies ($\ propto 10 ^{ 20 }\ mathrm { m }$). in this work , they are used instead to quantify the presence of translational order ←
→ similarity of objects and the meaning of words ; we survey the emerging area of compression - based , parameter - free , similarity distance measures useful in data - mining , pattern recognition , learning and automatic semantics extraction . given a family of distances on a set of objects , a distance is universal up to a certain precision for that family if it minorizes every distance in the family between every two objects in the set , up to the stated precision ( we do not require the universal distance to be an ele ←
→ sparse hierachical extrapolated parametric methods for cortical data analysis ; many neuroimaging studies focus on the cortex , in order to benefit from better signal to noise ratios and reduced computational burden . cortical data are usually projected onto a reference mesh , where subsequent analyses are carried out . several multiscale approaches have been proposed for analyzing these surface data , such as spherical harmonics and graph wavelets . as far as we know , however , the hierarchical structure of the ←
→ paying more attention to saliency : image captioning with saliency and context attention ; image captioning has been recently gaining a lot of attention thanks to the impressive achievements shown by deep captioning architectures , which combine convolutional neural networks to extract image representations , and recurrent neural networks to generate the corresponding captions . at the same time , a significant research effort has been dedicated to the development of saliency prediction models , which can predi ←
→ perfect clustering for stochastic blockmodel graphs via adjacency spectral embedding ; vertex clustering in a stochastic blockmodel graph has wide applicability and has been the subject of extensive research . in thispaper , we provide a short proof that the adjacency spectral embedding can be used to obtain perfect clustering for the stochastic blockmodel and the degree - corrected stochastic blockmodel . we also show an analogous result for the more general random dot product graph model .←
→ intelligent algorithm for optimum solutions based on the principles of bat sonar ; this paper presents a new intelligent algorithm that can solve the problems of finding the optimum solution in the state space among which the desired solution resides . the algorithm mimics the principles of bat sonar in finding its targets . the algorithm introduces three search approaches . the first search approach considers a single sonar unit ( ssu ) with a fixed beam length and a single starting point . in this approach , a ←
→ junction tree variational autoencoder for molecular graph generation ; we seek to automate the design of molecules based on specific chemical properties . in computational terms , this task involves continuous embedding and generation of molecular graphs . our primary contribution is the direct realization of molecular graphs , a task previously approached by generating linear smiles strings instead of graphs . our junction tree variational autoencoder generates molecular graphs in two phases , by first generatin ←
→ inverse reinforcement learning for marketing ; learning customer preferences from an observed behaviour is an important topic in the marketing literature . structural models typically model forward - looking customers or firms as utility - maximizing agents whose utility is estimated using methods of stochastic optimal control . we suggest an alternative approach to study dynamic consumer demand , based on inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ). we develop a version of the maximum entropy irl that leads to a highly ←
→ alzheimer ' s disease diagnostics by adaptation of 3d convolutional network ; early diagnosis , playing an important role in preventing progress and treating the alzheimer \{'} s disease ( ad ), is based on classification of features extracted from brain images . the features have to accurately capture main ad - related variations of anatomical brain structures , such as , e . g ., ventricles size , hippocampus shape , cortical thickness , and brain volume . this paper proposed to predict the ad with a deep 3d convolutional ←
→ where to put the image in an image caption generator ; when a recurrent neural network language model is used for caption generation , the image information can be fed to the neural network either by directly incorporating it in the rnn -- conditioning the language model by ` injecting ' image features -- or in a layer following the rnn -- conditioning the language model by ` merging ' image features . while both options are attested in the literature , there is as yet no systematic comparison between the two . in ←
→ pragmatic - pedagogic value alignment ; as intelligent systems gain autonomy and capability , it becomes vital to ensure that their objectives match those of their human users ; this is known as the value - alignment problem . in robotics , value alignment is key to the design of collaborative robots that can integrate into human workflows , successfully inferring and adapting to their users ' objectives as they go . we argue that a meaningful solution to value alignment must combine multi - agent decision theory with r ←
→ toward biochemical probabilistic computation ; living organisms survive and multiply even though they have uncertain and incomplete information about their environment and imperfect models to predict the consequences of their actions . bayesian models have been proposed to face this challenge . indeed , bayesian inference is a way to do optimal reasoning when only uncertain and incomplete information is available . various perceptive , sensory - motor , and cognitive functions have been successfully modeled this wa ←
→ amoeba techniques for shape and texture analysis ; morphological amoebas are image - adaptive structuring elements for morphological and other local image filters introduced by lerallut et al . their construction is based on combining spatial distance with contrast information into an image - dependent metric . amoeba filters show interesting parallels to image filtering methods based on partial differential equations ( pdes ), which can be confirmed by asymptotic equivalence results . in computing amoebas , graph st ←
→ probabilistic and team pfin - type learning : general properties ; we consider the probability hierarchy for popperian finite learning and study the general properties of this hierarchy . we prove that the probability hierarchy is decidable , i . e . there exists an algorithm that receives p_1 and p_2 and answers whether pfin - type learning with the probability of success p_1 is equivalent to pfin - type learning with the probability of success p_2 . to prove our result , we analyze the topological structure of the pr ←
→ extractive summarization using deep learning ; this paper proposes a text summarization approach for factual reports using a deep learning model . this approach consists of three phases : feature extraction , feature enhancement , and summary generation , which work together to assimilate core information and generate a coherent , understandable summary . we are exploring various features to improve the set of sentences selected for the summary , and are using a restricted boltzmann machine to enhance and abstract ←
→ real - time visual place recognition for personal localization on a mobile device ; the paper presents an approach to indoor personal localization on a mobile device based on visual place recognition . we implemented on a smartphone two state - of - the - art algorithms that are representative to two different approaches to visual place recognition : fab - map that recognizes places using individual images , and able - m that utilizes sequences of images . these algorithms are evaluated in environments of different struc ←
→ lattice recurrent unit : improving convergence and statistical efficiency for sequence modeling ; recurrent neural networks have shown remarkable success in modeling sequences . however low resource situations still adversely affect the generalizability of these models . we introduce a new family of models , called lattice recurrent units ( lru ), to address the challenge of learning deep multi - layer recurrent models with limited resources . lru models achieve this goal by creating distinct ( but coupled ) flow of ←
→ a hybrid algorithm for matching arabic names ; in this paper , a new hybrid algorithm which combines both of token - based and character - based approaches is presented . the basic levenshtein approach has been extended to token - based distance metric . the distance metric is enhanced to set the proper granularity level behavior of the algorithm . it smoothly maps a threshold of misspellings differences at the character level , and the importance of token level errors in terms of token ' s position and frequency . using ←
→ development of ontology - based intelligent system for software testing ; software testing is a prime factor in software industry . besides knowing the importance of testing , only limited time is allocated for teaching it . it will be more efficient if testing is taught simultaneously with programming foundations . this integrated learning of testing techniques and programming allows the programmers to perform in a better way and this leads to the improvement of the performance of the industry progress . in this ←
→ tuning parameter selection for penalized likelihood estimation of inverse covariance matrix ; in a gaussian graphical model , the conditional independence between two variables are characterized by the corresponding zero entries in the inverse covariance matrix . maximum likelihood method using the smoothly clipped absolute deviation ( scad ) penalty ( fan and li , 2001 ) and the adaptive lasso penalty ( zou , 2006 ) have been proposed in literature . in this article , we establish the result that using bayesian info ←
→ a study in a hybrid centralised - swarm agent community ; this paper describes a systems architecture for a hybrid centralised / swarm based multi - agent system . the issue of local goal assignment for agents is investigated through the use of a global agent which teaches the agents responses to given situations . we implement a test problem in the form of a pursuit game , where the multi - agent system is a set of captor agents . the agents learn solutions to certain board positions from the global agent if they are ←
→ unsupervised domain adaptation using approximate label matching ; domain adaptation addresses the problem created when training data is generated by a so - called source distribution , but test data is generated by a significantly different target distribution . in this work , we present approximate label matching ( alm ), a new unsupervised domain adaptation technique that creates and leverages a rough labeling on the test samples , then uses these noisy labels to learn a transformation that aligns the source and ←
→ quantile reinforcement learning ; in reinforcement learning , the standard criterion to evaluate policies in a state is the expectation of ( discounted ) sum of rewards . however , this criterion may not always be suitable , we consider an alternative criterion based on the notion of quantiles . in the case of episodic reinforcement learning problems , we propose an algorithm based on stochastic approximation with two timescales . we evaluate our proposition on a simple model of the tv show , who wants to be a millio ←
→ improving sparsity in kernel adaptive filters using a unit - norm dictionary ; kernel adaptive filters , a class of adaptive nonlinear time - series models , are known by their ability to learn expressive autoregressive patterns from sequential data . however , for trivial monotonic signals , they struggle to perform accurate predictions and at the same time keep computational complexity within desired boundaries . this is because new observations are incorporated to the dictionary when they are far from what the a ←
→ langpro : natural language theorem prover ; langpro is an automated theorem prover for natural language ( https :// github . com / kovvalsky / langpro ). given a set of premises and a hypothesis , it is able to prove semantic relations between them . the prover is based on a version of analytic tableau method specially designed for natural logic . the proof procedure operates on logical forms that preserve linguistic expressions to a large extent . % this property makes the logical forms easily obtainable from syntactic tr ←
→ a polynomial time subsumption algorithm for nominal safe $\ mathcal { elo } _ \ bot $ under rational closure ; description logics ( dls ) under rational closure ( rc ) is a well - known framework for non - monotonic reasoning in dls . in this paper , we address the concept subsumption decision problem under rc for nominal safe $\ mathcal { elo } _ \ bot $, a notable and practically important dl representative of the owl 2 profile owl 2 el . our contribution here is to define a polynomial time subsumption procedure for nominal saf ←
→ logic programming approaches for representing and solving constraint satisfaction problems : a comparison ; many logic programming based approaches can be used to describe and solve combinatorial search problems . on the one hand there is constraint logic programming which computes a solution as an answer substitution to a query containing the variables of the constraint satisfaction problem . on the other hand there are systems based on stable model semantics , abductive systems , and first order logic model ←
→ go game formal revealing by ising model ; go gaming is a struggle for territory control between rival , black and white , stones on a board . we model the go dynamics in a game by means of the ising model whose interaction coefficients reflect essential rules and tactics employed in go to build long - term strategies . at any step of the game , the energy functional of the model provides the control degree ( strength ) of a player over the board . a close fit between predictions of the model with actual games is obta ←
→ hypothesis testing for automated community detection in networks ; community detection in networks is a key exploratory tool with applications in a diverse set of areas , ranging from finding communities in social and biological networks to identifying link farms in the world wide web . the problem of finding communities or clusters in a network has received much attention from statistics , physics and computer science . however , most clustering algorithms assume knowledge of the number of clusters k . in this p ←
→ monostream : a minimal - hardware high accuracy device - free wlan localization system ; device - free ( df ) localization is an emerging technology that allows the detection and tracking of entities that do not carry any devices nor participate actively in the localization process . typically , df systems require a large number of transmitters and receivers to achieve acceptable accuracy , which is not available in many scenarios such as homes and small businesses . in this paper , we introduce monostream as an accura ←
→ interpretable transformations with encoder - decoder networks ; deep feature spaces have the capacity to encode complex transformations of their input data . however , understanding the relative feature - space relationship between two transformed encoded images is difficult . for instance , what is the relative feature space relationship between two rotated images ? what is decoded when we interpolate in feature space ? ideally , we want to disentangle confounding factors , such as pose , appearance , and illumination , ←
→ fcm based blood vessel segmentation method for retinal images ; segmentation of blood vessels in retinal images provides early diagnosis of diseases like glaucoma , diabetic retinopathy and macular degeneration . among these diseases occurrence of glaucoma is most frequent and has serious ocular consequences that can even lead to blindness , if it is not detected early . the clinical criteria for the diagnosis of glaucoma include intraocular pressure measurement , optic nerve head evaluation , retinal nerve fiber ←
→ autostacker : a compositional evolutionary learning system ; we introduce an automatic machine learning ( automl ) modeling architecture called autostacker , which combines an innovative hierarchical stacking architecture and an evolutionary algorithm ( ea ) to perform efficient parameter search . neither prior domain knowledge about the data nor feature preprocessing is needed . using ea , autostacker quickly evolves candidate pipelines with high predictive accuracy . these pipelines can be used as is or as a starti ←
→ negative results in computer vision : a perspective ; a negative result is when the outcome of an experiment or a model is not what is expected or when a hypothesis does not hold . despite being often overlooked in the scientific community , negative results are results and they carry value . while this topic has been extensively discussed in other fields such as social sciences and biosciences , less attention has been paid to it in the computer vision community . the unique characteristics of computer vision , p ←
→ on sequential elimination algorithms for best - arm identification in multi - armed bandits ; we consider the best - arm identification problem in multi - armed bandits , which focuses purely on exploration . a player is given a fixed budget to explore a finite set of arms , and the rewards of each arm are drawn independently from a fixed , unknown distribution . the player aims to identify the arm with the largest expected reward . we propose a general framework to unify sequential elimination algorithms , where the ar ←
→ when point process meets rnns : predicting fine - grained user interests with mutual behavioral infectivity ; predicting fine - grained interests of users with temporal behavior is important to personalization and information filtering applications . however , existing interest prediction methods are incapable of capturing the subtle degreed user interests towards particular items , and the internal time - varying drifting attention of individuals is not studied yet . moreover , the prediction process can also be aff ←
→ em - based channel estimation from crowd - sourced rssi samples corrupted by noise and interference ; we propose a method for estimating channel parameters from rssi measurements and the lost packet count , which can work in the presence of losses due to both interference and signal attenuation below the noise floor . this is especially important in the wireless networks , such as vehicular , where propagation model changes with the density of nodes . the method is based on stochastic expectation maximization , whe ←
→ comment on " biologically inspired protection of deep networks from adversarial attacks " ; a recent paper suggests that deep neural networks can be protected from gradient - based adversarial perturbations by driving the network activations into a highly saturated regime . here we analyse such saturated networks and show that the attacks fail due to numerical limitations in the gradient computations . a simple stabilisation of the gradient estimates enables successful and efficient attacks . thus , it has yet to ←
→ blending lstms into cnns ; we consider whether deep convolutional networks ( cnns ) can represent decision functions with similar accuracy as recurrent networks such as lstms . first , we show that a deep cnn with an architecture inspired by the models recently introduced in image recognition can yield better accuracy than previous convolutional and lstm networks on the standard 309h switchboard automatic speech recognition task . then we show that even more accurate cnns can be trained under the guidance of lst ←
→ deep learning for extracting protein - protein interactions from biomedical literature ; state - of - the - art methods for protein - protein interaction ( ppi ) extraction are primarily feature - based or kernel - based by leveraging lexical and syntactic information . but how to incorporate such knowledge in the recent deep learning methods remains an open question . in this paper , we propose a multichannel dependency - based convolutional neural network model ( mcdepcnn ). it applies one channel to the embedding vector of e ←
→ joint modeling and registration of cell populations in cohorts of high - dimensional flow cytometric data ; in systems biomedicine , an experimenter encounters different potential sources of variation in data such as individual samples , multiple experimental conditions , and multi - variable network - level responses . in multiparametric cytometry , which is often used for analyzing patient samples , such issues are critical . while computational methods can identify cell populations in individual samples , without th ←
→ re - initialization free level set evolution via reaction diffusion ; this paper presents a novel reaction - diffusion ( rd ) method for implicit active contours , which is completely free of the costly re - initialization procedure in level set evolution ( lse ). a diffusion term is introduced into lse , resulting in a rd - lse equation , to which a piecewise constant solution can be derived . in order to have a stable numerical solution of the rd based lse , we propose a two - step splitting method ( tssm ) to iteratively sol ←
→ using a kernel adatron for object classification with rcs data ; rapid identification of object from radar cross section ( rcs ) signals is important for many space and military applications . this identification is a problem in pattern recognition which either neural networks or support vector machines should prove to be high - speed . bayesian networks would also provide value but require significant preprocessing of the signals . in this paper , we describe the use of a support vector machine for object identifi ←
→ integration of the dolce top - level ontology into the ontospec methodology ; this report describes a new version of the ontospec methodology for ontology building . defined by the laria knowledge engineering team ( university of picardie jules verne , amiens , france ), ontospec aims at helping builders to model ontological knowledge ( upstream of formal representation ). the methodology relies on a set of rigorously - defined modelling primitives and principles . its application leads to the elaboration of a semi - i ←
→ deep learning for video game playing ; in this article , we review recent deep learning advances in the context of how they have been applied to play different types of video games such as first - person shooters , arcade games , and real - time strategy games . we analyze the unique requirements that different game genres pose to a deep learning system and highlight important open challenges in the context of applying these machine learning methods to video games , such as general game playing , dealing with extreme ←
→ differentially private analysis of outliers ; this paper investigates differentially private analysis of distance - based outliers . the problem of outlier detection is to find a small number of instances that are apparently distant from the remaining instances . on the other hand , the objective of differential privacy is to conceal presence ( or absence ) of any particular instance . outlier detection and privacy protection are thus intrinsically conflicting tasks . in this paper , instead of reporting outliers det ←
→ anaphora resolution in japanese sentences using surface expressions and examples ; anaphora resolution is one of the major problems in natural language processing . it is also one of the important tasks in machine translation and man / machine dialogue . we solve the problem by using surface expressions and examples . surface expressions are the words in sentences which provide clues for anaphora resolution . examples are linguistic data which are actually used in conversations and texts . the method using surfa ←
→ an on - line variational bayesian model for multi - person tracking from cluttered scenes ; object tracking is an ubiquitous problem that appears in many applications such as remote sensing , audio processing , computer vision , human - machine interfaces , human - robot interaction , etc . although thoroughly investigated in computer vision , tracking a time - varying number of persons remains a challenging open problem . in this paper , we propose an on - line variational bayesian model for multi - person tracking from clutte ←
→ corealmlib : an alm library translated from the component library ; this paper presents corealmlib , an alm library of commonsense knowledge about dynamic domains . the library was obtained by translating part of the component library ( clib ) into the modular action language alm . clib consists of general reusable and composable commonsense concepts , selected based on a thorough study of ontological and lexical resources . our translation targets clib states ( i . e ., fluents ) and actions . the resulting alm library ←
→ seglearn : a python package for learning sequences and time series ; seglearn is an open - source python package for machine learning time series or sequences using a sliding window segmentation approach . the implementation provides a flexible pipeline for tackling classification , regression , and forecasting problems with multivariate sequence and contextual data . this package is compatible with scikit - learn and is listed under scikit - learn related projects . the package depends on numpy , scipy , and scikit - lear ←
→ character - level incremental speech recognition with recurrent neural networks ; in real - time speech recognition applications , the latency is an important issue . we have developed a character - level incremental speech recognition ( isr ) system that responds quickly even during the speech , where the hypotheses are gradually improved while the speaking proceeds . the algorithm employs a speech - to - character unidirectional recurrent neural network ( rnn ), which is end - to - end trained with connectionist temporal cla ←
→ improved eeg event classification using differential energy ; feature extraction for automatic classification of eeg signals typically relies on time frequency representations of the signal . techniques such as cepstral - based filter banks or wavelets are popular analysis techniques in many signal processing applications including eeg classification . in this paper , we present a comparison of a variety of approaches to estimating and postprocessing features . to further aid in discrimination of periodic signals ←
→ reluplex : an efficient smt solver for verifying deep neural networks ; deep neural networks have emerged as a widely used and effective means for tackling complex , real - world problems . however , a major obstacle in applying them to safety - critical systems is the great difficulty in providing formal guarantees about their behavior . we present a novel , scalable , and efficient technique for verifying properties of deep neural networks ( or providing counter - examples ). the technique is based on the simplex method ←
→ on the possibility of learning in reactive environments with arbitrary dependence ; we address the problem of reinforcement learning in which observations may exhibit an arbitrary form of stochastic dependence on past observations and actions , i . e . environments more general than ( po ) mdps . the task for an agent is to attain the best possible asymptotic reward where the true generating environment is unknown but belongs to a known countable family of environments . we find some sufficient conditions on the c ←
→ stacking with auxiliary features ; ensembling methods are well known for improving prediction accuracy . however , they are limited in the sense that they cannot discriminate among component models effectively . in this paper , we propose stacking with auxiliary features that learns to fuse relevant information from multiple systems to improve performance . auxiliary features enable the stacker to rely on systems that not just agree on an output but also the provenance of the output . we demonstrate our approach ←
→ discussion : latent variable graphical model selection via convex optimization ; discussion of " latent variable graphical model selection via convex optimization " by venkat chandrasekaran , pablo a . parrilo and alan s . willsky [ arxiv : 1008 . 1290 ].←
→ deep learning at 15pf : supervised and semi - supervised classification for scientific data ; this paper presents the first , 15 - petaflop deep learning system for solving scientific pattern classification problems on contemporary hpc architectures . we develop supervised convolutional architectures for discriminating signals in high - energy physics data as well as semi - supervised architectures for localizing and classifying extreme weather in climate data . our intelcaffe - based implementation obtains $\ sim $ 2tflo ←
→ posecnn : a convolutional neural network for 6d object pose estimation in cluttered scenes ; estimating the 6d pose of known objects is important for robots to interact with the real world . the problem is challenging due to the variety of objects as well as the complexity of a scene caused by clutter and occlusions between objects . in this work , we introduce posecnn , a new convolutional neural network for 6d object pose estimation . posecnn estimates the 3d translation of an object by localizing its center ←
→ doubly accelerated methods for faster cca and generalized eigendecomposition ; we study $ k $- genev , the problem of finding the top $ k $ generalized eigenvectors , and $ k $- cca , the problem of finding the top $ k $ vectors in canonical - correlation analysis . we propose algorithms $\ mathtt { lazyev }$ and $\ mathtt { lazycca }$ to solve the two problems with running times linearly dependent on the input size and on $ k $. furthermore , our algorithms are doubly - accelerated : our running times depend only on the square root ←
→ interpretable selection and visualization of features and interactions using bayesian forests ; it is becoming increasingly important for machine learning methods to make predictions that are interpretable as well as accurate . in many practical applications , it is of interest which features and feature interactions are relevant to the prediction task . we present a novel method , selective bayesian forest classifier , that strikes a balance between predictive power and interpretability by simultaneously perf ←
→ a unified tensor - based active appearance face model ; appearance variations result in many difficulties in face image analysis . to deal with this challenge , we present a unified tensor - based active appearance model ( ut - aam ) for jointly modelling the geometry and texture information of 2d faces . for each type of face information , namely shape and texture , we construct a unified tensor model capturing all relevant appearance variations . this contrasts with the variation - specific models of the classical tensor ←
→ collective robot reinforcement learning with distributed asynchronous guided policy search ; in principle , reinforcement learning and policy search methods can enable robots to learn highly complex and general skills that may allow them to function amid the complexity and diversity of the real world . however , training a policy that generalizes well across a wide range of real - world conditions requires far greater quantity and diversity of experience than is practical to collect with a single robot . fortun ←
→ medical text classification using convolutional neural networks ; we present an approach to automatically classify clinical text at a sentence level . we are using deep convolutional neural networks to represent complex features . we train the network on a dataset providing a broad categorization of health information . through a detailed evaluation , we demonstrate that our method outperforms several approaches widely used in natural language processing tasks by about 15 %.←
→ chained multi - stream networks exploiting pose , motion , and appearance for action classification and detection ; general human action recognition requires understanding of various visual cues . in this paper , we propose a network architecture that computes and integrates the most important visual cues for action recognition : pose , motion , and the raw images . for the integration , we introduce a markov chain model which adds cues successively . the resulting approach is efficient and applicable to action class ←
→ a survey of calibration methods for optical see - through head - mounted displays ; optical see - through head - mounted displays ( ost hmds ) are a major output medium for augmented reality , which have seen significant growth in popularity and usage among the general public due to the growing release of consumer - oriented models , such as the microsoft hololens . unlike virtual reality headsets , ost hmds inherently support the addition of computer - generated graphics directly into the light path between a user ' s eyes ←
→ biomedical event trigger identification using bidirectional recurrent neural network based models ; biomedical events describe complex interactions between various biomedical entities . event trigger is a word or a phrase which typically signifies the occurrence of an event . event trigger identification is an important first step in all event extraction methods . however many of the current approaches either rely on complex hand - crafted features or consider features only within a window . in this paper we pr ←
→ slugbot : an application of a novel and scalable open domain socialbot framework ; in this paper we introduce a novel , open domain socialbot for the amazon alexa prize competition , aimed at carrying on friendly conversations with users on a variety of topics . we present our modular system , highlighting our different data sources and how we use the human mind as a model for data management . additionally we build and employ natural language understanding and information retrieval tools and apis to expand our ←
→ faster deep q - learning using neural episodic control ; the research on deep reinforcement learning which estimates q - value by deep learning has been attracted the interest of researchers recently . in deep reinforcement learning , it is important to efficiently learn the experiences that an agent has collected by exploring environment . in this research , we propose nec2dqn that improves learning speed of a poor sample efficiency algorithm such as dqn by using good one such as nec at the beginning of learning . ←
→ learning nonparametric forest graphical models with prior information ; we present a framework for incorporating prior information into nonparametric estimation of graphical models . to avoid distributional assumptions , we restrict the graph to be a forest and build on the work of forest density estimation ( fde ). we reformulate the fde approach from a bayesian perspective , and introduce prior distributions on the graphs . as two concrete examples , we apply this framework to estimating scale - free graphs and le ←
→ removing systematic errors for exoplanet search via latent causes ; we describe a method for removing the effect of confounders in order to reconstruct a latent quantity of interest . the method , referred to as half - sibling regression , is inspired by recent work in causal inference using additive noise models . we provide a theoretical justification and illustrate the potential of the method in a challenging astronomy application .←
→ a bayesian network classifier that combines a finite mixture model and a naive bayes model ; in this paper we present a new bayesian network model for classification that combines the naive - bayes ( nb ) classifier and the finite - mixture ( fm ) classifier . the resulting classifier aims at relaxing the strong assumptions on which the two component models are based , in an attempt to improve on their classification performance , both in terms of accuracy and in terms of calibration of the estimated probabilities . ←
→ system identification through online sparse gaussian process regression with input noise ; there has been a growing interest in using non - parametric regression methods like gaussian process ( gp ) regression for system identification . gp regression does traditionally have three important downsides : ( 1 ) it is computationally intensive , ( 2 ) it cannot efficiently implement newly obtained measurements online , and ( 3 ) it cannot deal with stochastic ( noisy ) input points . in this paper we present an algorithm tack ←
→ on convergence of epanechnikov mean shift ; epanechnikov mean shift is a simple yet empirically very effective algorithm for clustering . it localizes the centroids of data clusters via estimating modes of the probability distribution that generates the data points , using the ` optimal ' epanechnikov kernel density estimator . however , since the procedure involves non - smooth kernel density functions , the convergence behavior of epanechnikov mean shift lacks theoretical support as of this writing --- most of the e ←
→ on compiling dnnfs without determinism ; state - of - the - art knowledge compilers generate deterministic subsets of dnnf , which have been recently shown to be exponentially less succinct than dnnf . in this paper , we propose a new method to compile dnnfs without enforcing determinism necessarily . our approach is based on compiling deterministic dnnfs with the addition of auxiliary variables to the input formula . these variables are then existentially quantified from the deterministic structure in linear time , wh ←
→ universal approximation depth and errors of narrow belief networks with discrete units ; we generalize recent theoretical work on the minimal number of layers of narrow deep belief networks that can approximate any probability distribution on the states of their visible units arbitrarily well . we relax the setting of binary units ( sutskever and hinton , 2008 ; le roux and bengio , 2008 , 2010 ; mont \' ufar and ay , 2011 ) to units with arbitrary finite state spaces , and the vanishing approximation error to an arb ←
→ stochastic optimization with variance reduction for infinite datasets with finite - sum structure ; stochastic optimization algorithms with variance reduction have proven successful for minimizing large finite sums of functions . unfortunately , these techniques are unable to deal with stochastic perturbations of input data , induced for example by data augmentation . in such cases , the objective is no longer a finite sum , and the main candidate for optimization is the stochastic gradient descent method ( sgd ). ←
→ span - based constituency parsing with a structure - label system and provably optimal dynamic oracles ; parsing accuracy using efficient greedy transition systems has improved dramatically in recent years thanks to neural networks . despite striking results in dependency parsing , however , neural models have not surpassed state - of - the - art approaches in constituency parsing . to remedy this , we introduce a new shift - reduce system whose stack contains merely sentence spans , represented by a bare minimum of lstm f ←
→ study of clear sky models for singapore ; the estimation of total solar irradiance falling on the earth ' s surface is important in the field of solar energy generation and forecasting . several clear - sky solar radiation models have been developed over the last few decades . most of these models are based on empirical distribution of various geographical parameters ; while a few models consider various atmospheric effects in the solar energy estimation . in this paper , we perform a comparative analysis of several ←
→ the blessing of transitivity in sparse and stochastic networks ; the interaction between transitivity and sparsity , two common features in empirical networks , implies that there are local regions of large sparse networks that are dense . we call this the blessing of transitivity and it has consequences for both modeling and inference . extant research suggests that statistical inference for the stochastic blockmodel is more difficult when the edges are sparse . however , this conclusion is confounded by the fac ←
→ learning multimodal word representation via dynamic fusion methods ; multimodal models have been proven to outperform text - based models on learning semantic word representations . almost all previous multimodal models typically treat the representations from different modalities equally . however , it is obvious that information from different modalities contributes differently to the meaning of words . this motivates us to build a multimodal model that can dynamically fuse the semantic representations from dif ←
→ accelerated inference for latent variable models ; inference of latent feature models in the bayesian nonparametric setting is generally difficult , especially in high dimensional settings , because it usually requires proposing features from some prior distribution . in special cases , where the integration is tractable , we could sample feature assignments according to a predictive likelihood . however , this still may not be efficient in high dimensions . we present a novel method to accelerate the mixing of lat ←
→ video frame interpolation via adaptive convolution ; video frame interpolation typically involves two steps : motion estimation and pixel synthesis . such a two - step approach heavily depends on the quality of motion estimation . this paper presents a robust video frame interpolation method that combines these two steps into a single process . specifically , our method considers pixel synthesis for the interpolated frame as local convolution over two input frames . the convolution kernel captures both the local mo ←
→ redundancy in logic i : cnf propositional formulae ; a knowledge base is redundant if it contains parts that can be inferred from the rest of it . we study the problem of checking whether a cnf formula ( a set of clauses ) is redundant , that is , it contains clauses that can be derived from the other ones . any cnf formula can be made irredundant by deleting some of its clauses : what results is an irredundant equivalent subset ( i . e . s .) we study the complexity of some related problems : verification , checking exist ←
→ circle detection using electro - magnetism optimization ; this paper describes a circle detection method based on electromagnetism - like optimization ( emo ). circle detection has received considerable attention over the last years thanks to its relevance for many computer vision tasks . emo is a heuristic method for solving complex optimization problems inspired in electromagnetism principles . this algorithm searches a solution based in the attraction and repulsion among prototype candidates . in this paper the d ←
→ granger - causal attentive mixtures of experts ; several methods have recently been proposed to detect salient input features for outputs of neural networks . those methods offer a qualitative glimpse at feature importance , but they fall short of providing quantifiable attributions that can be compared across decisions and measures of the expected quality of their explanations . to address these shortcomings , we present an attentive mixture of experts ( ame ) that couples attentive gating with a granger - causal ob ←
→ an efficient message - passing algorithm for the m - best map problem ; much effort has been directed at algorithms for obtaining the highest probability configuration in a probabilistic random field model known as the maximum a posteriori ( map ) inference problem . in many situations , one could benefit from having not just a single solution , but the top m most probable solutions known as the m - best map problem . in this paper , we propose an efficient message - passing based algorithm for solving the m - best map prob ←
→ microtask crowdsourcing for disease mention annotation in pubmed abstracts ; identifying concepts and relationships in biomedical text enables knowledge to be applied in computational analyses . many biological natural language process ( bionlp ) projects attempt to address this challenge , but the state of the art in bionlp still leaves much room for improvement . progress in bionlp research depends on large , annotated corpora for evaluating information extraction systems and training machine learning models .←
→ circle detection using isosceles triangles sampling ; detection of circular objects in digital images is an important problem in several vision applications . circle detection using randomized sampling has been developed in recent years to reduce the computational intensity . randomized sampling , however , is sensitive to noise that can lead to reduced accuracy and false - positive candidates . this paper presents a new circle detection method based upon randomized isosceles triangles sampling to improve the robu ←
→ matching through features and features through matching ; this paper addresses how to construct features for the problem of image correspondence , in particular , the paper addresses how to construct features so as to maintain the right level of invariance versus discriminability . we show that without additional prior knowledge of the 3d scene , the right tradeoff cannot be established in a pre - processing step of the images as is typically done in most feature - based matching methods . however , given knowledge o ←
→ context - aware recommendations from implicit data via scalable tensor factorization ; albeit the implicit feedback based recommendation problem - when only the user history is available but there are no ratings - is the most typical setting in real - world applications , it is much less researched than the explicit feedback case . state - of - the - art algorithms that are efficient on the explicit case cannot be automatically transformed to the implicit case if scalability should be maintained . there are few implic ←
→ speech - driven text retrieval : using target ir collections for statistical language model adaptation in speech recognition ; speech recognition has of late become a practical technology for real world applications . aiming at speech - driven text retrieval , which facilitates retrieving information with spoken queries , we propose a method to integrate speech recognition and retrieval methods . since users speak contents related to a target collection , we adapt statistical language models used for speech recogni ←
→ scheduled sampling for sequence prediction with recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks can be trained to produce sequences of tokens given some input , as exemplified by recent results in machine translation and image captioning . the current approach to training them consists of maximizing the likelihood of each token in the sequence given the current ( recurrent ) state and the previous token . at inference , the unknown previous token is then replaced by a token generated by the model itself . ←
→ additive models with trend filtering ; we consider additive models built with trend filtering , i . e ., additive models whose components are each regularized by the ( discrete ) total variation of their $( k + 1 )$ st ( discrete ) derivative , for a chosen integer $ k \ geq 0 $. this results in $ k $ th degree piecewise polynomial components , ( e . g ., $ k = 0 $ gives piecewise constant components , $ k = 1 $ gives piecewise linear , $ k = 2 $ gives piecewise quadratic , etc .). in univariate nonparametric regression , the localized nature of th ←
→ on a family of decomposable kernels on sequences ; in many applications data is naturally presented in terms of orderings of some basic elements or symbols . reasoning about such data requires a notion of similarity capable of handling sequences of different lengths . in this paper we describe a family of mercer kernel functions for such sequentially structured data . the family is characterized by a decomposable structure in terms of symbol - level and structure - level similarities , representing a specific combi ←
→ bayesian optimization for dynamic problems ; we propose practical extensions to bayesian optimization for solving dynamic problems . we model dynamic objective functions using spatiotemporal gaussian process priors which capture all the instances of the functions over time . our extensions to bayesian optimization use the information learnt from this model to guide the tracking of a temporally evolving minimum . by exploiting temporal correlations , the proposed method also determines when to make evaluations , ←
→ smarties : sentiment models for arabic target entities ; we consider entity - level sentiment analysis in arabic , a morphologically rich language with increasing resources . we present a system that is applied to complex posts written in response to arabic newspaper articles . our goal is to identify important entity " targets " within the post along with the polarity expressed about each target . we achieve significant improvements over multiple baselines , demonstrating that the use of specific morphological repre ←
→ challenges in discriminating profanity from hate speech ; in this study we approach the problem of distinguishing general profanity from hate speech in social media , something which has not been widely considered . using a new dataset annotated specifically for this task , we employ supervised classification along with a set of features that includes n - grams , skip - grams and clustering - based word representations . we apply approaches based on single classifiers as well as more advanced ensemble classifiers and ←
→ high - precision localization using ground texture ; location - aware applications play an increasingly critical role in everyday life . however , the most common global localization technology - gps - has limited accuracy and can be unusable in dense urban areas and indoors . we introduce an image - based global localization system that is accurate to a few millimeters and performs reliable localization both indoors and outside . the key idea is to capture and index distinctive local features in ground textures . thi ←
→ introducing elitist black - box models : when does elitist selection weaken the performance of evolutionary algorithms ? ; black - box complexity theory provides lower bounds for the runtime of black - box optimizers like evolutionary algorithms and serves as an inspiration for the design of new genetic algorithms . several black - box models covering different classes of algorithms exist , each highlighting a different aspect of the algorithms under considerations . in this work we add to the existing black - box notio ←
→ modulating and attending the source image during encoding improves multimodal translation ; we propose a new and fully end - to - end approach for multimodal translation where the source text encoder modulates the entire visual input processing using conditional batch normalization , in order to compute the most informative image features for our task . additionally , we propose a new attention mechanism derived from this original idea , where the attention model for the visual input is conditioned on the source ←
→ linking sequences of events with sparse or no common occurrence across data sets ; data of practical interest - such as personal records , transaction logs , and medical histories - are sequential collections of events relevant to a particular source entity . recent studies have attempted to link sequences that represent a common entity across data sets to allow more comprehensive statistical analyses and to identify potential privacy failures . yet , current approaches remain tailored to their specific domain ←
→ sceneflowfields : dense interpolation of sparse scene flow correspondences ; while most scene flow methods use either variational optimization or a strong rigid motion assumption , we show for the first time that scene flow can also be estimated by dense interpolation of sparse matches . to this end , we find sparse matches across two stereo image pairs that are detected without any prior regularization and perform dense interpolation preserving geometric and motion boundaries by using edge information . a few ←
→ exploiting color name space for salient object detection ; in this paper , we will investigate the contribution of color names for salient object detection . each input image is first converted to the color name space , which is consisted of 11 probabilistic channels . by exploring the topological structure relationship between the figure and the ground , we obtain a saliency map through a linear combination of a set of sequential attention maps . to overcome the limitation of only exploiting the surroundedness c ←
→ ensembles of multiple models and architectures for robust brain tumour segmentation ; deep learning approaches such as convolutional neural nets have consistently outperformed previous methods on challenging tasks such as dense , semantic segmentation . however , the various proposed networks perform differently , with behaviour largely influenced by architectural choices and training settings . this paper explores ensembles of multiple models and architectures ( emma ) for robust performance through aggregation ←
→ new limits for knowledge compilation and applications to exact model counting ; we show new limits on the efficiency of using current techniques to make exact probabilistic inference for large classes of natural problems . in particular we show new lower bounds on knowledge compilation to sdd and dnnf forms . we give strong lower bounds on the complexity of sdd representations by relating sdd size to best - partition communication complexity . we use this relationship to prove exponential lower bounds on the s ←
→ transfer entropy - based feedback improves performance in artificial neural networks ; the structure of the majority of modern deep neural networks is characterized by uni - directional feed - forward connectivity across a very large number of layers . by contrast , the architecture of the cortex of vertebrates contains fewer hierarchical levels but many recurrent and feedback connections . here we show that a small , few - layer artificial neural network that employs feedback will reach top level performance on a s ←
→ towards quality advancement of underwater machine vision with generative adversarial networks ; underwater machine vision has attracted significant attention , but its low quality has prevented it from a wide range of applications . although many different algorithms have been developed to solve this problem , real - time adaptive methods are frequently deficient . in this paper , based on filtering and the use of generative adversarial networks ( gans ), two approaches are proposed for the aforementioned issue , i ←
→ understanding and detecting supporting arguments of diverse types ; we investigate the problem of sentence - level supporting argument detection from relevant documents for user - specified claims . a dataset containing claims and associated citation articles is collected from online debate website idebate . org . we then manually label sentence - level supporting arguments from the documents along with their types as study , factual , opinion , or reasoning . we further characterize arguments of different types , and exp ←
→ auto - sizing neural networks : with applications to n - gram language models ; neural networks have been shown to improve performance across a range of natural - language tasks . however , designing and training them can be complicated . frequently , researchers resort to repeated experimentation to pick optimal settings . in this paper , we address the issue of choosing the correct number of units in hidden layers . we introduce a method for automatically adjusting network size by pruning out hidden units through $\ ell ←
→ fingertip in the eye : a cascaded cnn pipeline for the real - time fingertip detection in egocentric videos ; we introduce a new pipeline for hand localization and fingertip detection . for rgb images captured from an egocentric vision mobile camera , hand and fingertip detection remains a challenging problem due to factors like background complexity and hand shape variety . to address these issues accurately and robustly , we build a large scale dataset named ego - fingertip and propose a bi - level cascaded pipeli ←
→ penalty constraints and kernelization of m - estimation based fuzzy c - means ; a framework of m - estimation based fuzzy c - means clustering ( mfcm ) algorithm is proposed with iterative reweighted least squares ( irls ) algorithm , and penalty constraint and kernelization extensions of mfcm algorithms are also developed . introducing penalty information to the object functions of mfcm algorithms , the spatially constrained fuzzy c - means ( sfcm ) is extended to penalty constraints mfcm algorithms ( abbr . pmfcm ). substituti ←
→ building pattern recognition applications with the spare library ; this paper presents the spare c ++ library , an open source software tool conceived to build pattern recognition and soft computing systems . the library follows the requirement of the generality : most of the implemented algorithms are able to process user - defined input data types transparently , such as labeled graphs and sequences of objects , as well as standard numeric vectors . here we present a high - level picture of the spare library charact ←
→ ask me anything : dynamic memory networks for natural language processing ; most tasks in natural language processing can be cast into question answering ( qa ) problems over language input . we introduce the dynamic memory network ( dmn ), a neural network architecture which processes input sequences and questions , forms episodic memories , and generates relevant answers . questions trigger an iterative attention process which allows the model to condition its attention on the inputs and the result of previous ite ←
→ reliability assessment of distribution system using fuzzy logic for modelling of transformer and line uncertainties ; reliability assessment of distribution system , based on historical data and probabilistic methods , leads to an unreliable estimation of reliability indices since the data for the distribution components are usually inaccurate or unavailable . fuzzy logic is an efficient method to deal with the uncertainty in reliability inputs . in this paper , the ens index along with other commonly used ind ←
→ an eigenvector - based hotspot detection ; space and time are two critical components of many real world systems . for this reason , analysis of anomalies in spatiotemporal data has been a great of interest . in this work , application of tensor decomposition and eigenspace techniques on spatiotemporal hotspot detection is investigated . an algorithm called sst - hotspot is proposed which accounts for spatiotemporal variations in data and detect hotspots using matching of eigenvector elements of two cases and popula ←
→ depth - aware cnn for rgb - d segmentation ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) are limited by the lack of capability to handle geometric information due to the fixed grid kernel structure . the availability of depth data enables progress in rgb - d semantic segmentation with cnns . state - of - the - art methods either use depth as additional images or process spatial information in 3d volumes or point clouds . these methods suffer from high computation and memory cost . to address these issues , we present depth - aware cn ←
→ survival tree and meld to predict long term survival in liver transplantation waiting list ; background : many authors have described meld as a predictor of short - term mortality in the liver transplantation waiting list . however meld score accuracy to predict long term mortality has not been statistically evaluated . objective : the aim of this study is to analyze the meld score as well as other variables as a predictor of long - term mortality using a new model : the survival tree analysis . study design and se ←
→ high - dimensional dependency structure learning for physical processes ; in this paper , we consider the use of structure learning methods for probabilistic graphical models to identify statistical dependencies in high - dimensional physical processes . such processes are often synthetically characterized using pdes ( partial differential equations ) and are observed in a variety of natural phenomena , including geoscience data capturing atmospheric and hydrological phenomena . classical structure learning approache ←
→ stacked filters stationary flow for hardware - oriented acceleration of deep convolutional neural networks ; to address memory and computation resource limitations for hardware - oriented acceleration of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), we present a computation flow , stacked filters stationary flow ( sfs ), and a corresponding data encoding format , relative indexed compressed sparse filter format ( csf ), to make the best of data sparsity , and simplify data handling at execution time . and we also propos ←
→ ontology matching with knowledge rules ; ontology matching is the process of automatically determining the semantic equivalences between the concepts of two ontologies . most ontology matching algorithms are based on two types of strategies : terminology - based strategies , which align concepts based on their names or descriptions , and structure - based strategies , which exploit concept hierarchies to find the alignment . in many domains , there is additional information about the relationships of concepts represen ←
→ high - dimensional graphical model search with graphd r package ; this paper presents the r package graphd for efficient selection of high - dimensional undirected graphical models . the package provides tools for selecting trees , forests and decomposable models minimizing information criteria such as aic or bic , and for displaying the independence graphs of the models . it has also some useful tools for analysing graphical structures . it supports the use of discrete , continuous , or both types of variables simult ←
→ unifying pac and regret : uniform pac bounds for episodic reinforcement learning ; statistical performance bounds for reinforcement learning ( rl ) algorithms can be critical for high - stakes applications like healthcare . this paper introduces a new framework for theoretically measuring the performance of such algorithms called uniform - pac , which is a strengthening of the classical probably approximately correct ( pac ) framework . in contrast to the pac framework , the uniform version may be used to derive high ←
→ associative embedding : end - to - end learning for joint detection and grouping ; we introduce associative embedding , a novel method for supervising convolutional neural networks for the task of detection and grouping . a number of computer vision problems can be framed in this manner including multi - person pose estimation , instance segmentation , and multi - object tracking . usually the grouping of detections is achieved with multi - stage pipelines , instead we propose an approach that teaches a network to simulta ←
→ tie - breaker : using language models to quantify gender bias in sports journalism ; gender bias is an increasingly important issue in sports journalism . in this work , we propose a language - model - based approach to quantify differences in questions posed to female vs . male athletes , and apply it to tennis post - match interviews . we find that journalists ask male players questions that are generally more focused on the game when compared with the questions they ask their female counterparts . we also provide a f ←
→ graph memory networks for molecular activity prediction ; molecular activity prediction is critical in drug design . machine learning techniques such as kernel methods and random forests have been successful for this task . these models require fixed - size feature vectors as input while the molecules are variable in size and structure . as a result , fixed - size fingerprint representation is poor in handling substructures for large molecules . in addition , molecular activity tests , or a so - called bioassays , are re ←
→ supervised feature selection in graphs with path coding penalties and network flows ; we consider supervised learning problems where the features are embedded in a graph , such as gene expressions in a gene network . in this context , it is of much interest to automatically select a subgraph with few connected components ; by exploiting prior knowledge , one can indeed improve the prediction performance or obtain results that are easier to interpret . regularization or penalty functions for selecting features i ←
→ active feature acquisition with supervised matrix completion ; feature missing is a serious problem in many applications , which may lead to low quality of training data and further significantly degrade the learning performance . while feature acquisition usually involves special devices or complex process , it is expensive to acquire all feature values for the whole dataset . on the other hand , features may be correlated with each other , and some values may be recovered from the others . it is thus important t ←
→ non - count symmetries in boolean & multi - valued prob . graphical models ; lifted inference algorithms commonly exploit symmetries in a probabilistic graphical model ( pgm ) for efficient inference . however , existing algorithms for boolean - valued domains can identify only those pairs of states as symmetric , in which the number of ones and zeros match exactly ( count symmetries ). moreover , algorithms for lifted inference in multi - valued domains also compute a multi - valued extension of count symmetries only . these ←
→ umutracker : a versatile matlab program for automated particle tracking of 2d light microscopy or 3d digital holography data ; we present a versatile and fast matlab program ( umutracker ) that automatically detects and tracks particles by analyzing video sequences acquired by either light microscopy or digital in - line holographic microscopy . our program detects the 2d lateral positions of particles with an algorithm based on the isosceles triangle transform , and reconstructs their 3d axial positions by a fa ←
→ deep active learning for named entity recognition ; deep learning has yielded state - of - the - art performance on many natural language processing tasks including named entity recognition ( ner ). however , this typically requires large amounts of labeled data . in this work , we demonstrate that the amount of labeled training data can be drastically reduced when deep learning is combined with active learning . while active learning is sample - efficient , it can be computationally expensive since it requires iterative ←
→ speeding - up problog ' s parameter learning ; problog is a state - of - art combination of logic programming and probabilities ; in particular problog offers parameter learning through a variant of the em algorithm . however , the resulting learning algorithm is rather slow , even when the data are complete . in this short paper we offer some insights that lead to orders of magnitude improvements in problog ' s parameter learning speed with complete data .←
→ monotonicity in bayesian networks ; for many real - life bayesian networks , common knowledge dictates that the output established for the main variable of interest increases with higher values for the observable variables . we define two concepts of monotonicity to capture this type of knowledge . we say that a network is isotone in distribution if the probability distribution computed for the output variable given specific observations is stochastically dominated by any such distribution given higher - ordered o ←
→ a bengali hmm based speech synthesis system ; the paper presents the capability of an hmm - based tts system to produce bengali speech . in this synthesis method , trajectories of speech parameters are generated from the trained hidden markov models . a final speech waveform is synthesized from those speech parameters . in our experiments , spectral properties were represented by mel cepstrum coefficients . both the training and synthesis issues are investigated in this paper using annotated bengali speech database ←
→ regret bound by variation for online convex optimization ; in citep { hazan - 2008 - extract }, the authors showed that the regret of online linear optimization can be bounded by the total variation of the cost vectors . in this paper , we extend this result to general online convex optimization . we first analyze the limitations of the algorithm in \ citep { hazan - 2008 - extract } when applied it to online convex optimization . we then present two algorithms for online convex optimization whose regrets are bounded by the v ←
→ integrating atlas and graph cut methods for lv segmentation from cardiac cine mri ; magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) has evolved as a clinical standard - of - care imaging modality for cardiac morphology , function assessment , and guidance of cardiac interventions . all these applications rely on accurate extraction of the myocardial tissue and blood pool from the imaging data . here we propose a framework for left ventricle ( lv ) segmentation from cardiac cine - mri . first , we segment the lv blood pool using itera ←
→ deciding consistency of databases containing defeasible and strict information ; we propose a norm of consistency for a mixed set of defeasible and strict sentences , based on a probabilistic semantics . this norm establishes a clear distinction between knowledge bases depicting exceptions and those containing outright contradictions . we then define a notion of entailment based also on probabilistic considerations and provide a characterization of the relation between consistency and entailment . we derive n ←
→ emotxt : a toolkit for emotion recognition from text ; we present emotxt , a toolkit for emotion recognition from text , trained and tested on a gold standard of about 9k question , answers , and comments from online interactions . we provide empirical evidence of the performance of emotxt . to the best of our knowledge , emotxt is the first open - source toolkit supporting both emotion recognition from text and training of custom emotion classification models .←
→ designing a gui for proofs - evaluation of an hci experiment ; often user interfaces of theorem proving systems focus on assisting particularly trained and skilled users , i . e ., proof experts . as a result , the systems are difficult to use for non - expert users . this paper describes a paper and pencil hci experiment , in which ( non - expert ) students were asked to make suggestions for a gui for an interactive system for mathematical proofs . they had to explain the usage of the gui by applying it to construct a pr ←
→ recursive nearest agglomeration ( rena ): fast clustering for approximation of structured signals ; in this work , we revisit fast dimension reduction approaches , as with random projections and random sampling . our goal is to summarize the data to decrease computational costs and memory footprint of subsequent analysis . such dimension reduction can be very efficient when the signals of interest have a strong structure , such as with images . we focus on this setting and investigate feature clustering schemes f ←
→ side information for face completion : a robust pca approach ; robust principal component analysis ( rpca ) is a powerful method for learning low - rank feature representation of various visual data . however , for certain types as well as significant amount of error corruption , it fails to yield satisfactory results ; a drawback that can be alleviated by exploiting domain - dependent prior knowledge or information . in this paper , we propose two models for the rpca that take into account such side information , even i ←
→ how does latent semantic analysis work ? a visualisation approach ; by using a small example , an analogy to photographic compression , and a simple visualization using heatmaps , we show that latent semantic analysis ( lsa ) is able to extract what appears to be semantic meaning of words from a set of documents by blurring the distinctions between the words .←
→ separation of time scales and direct computation of weights in deep neural networks ; artificial intelligence is revolutionizing our lives at an ever increasing pace . at the heart of this revolution is the recent advancements in deep neural networks ( dnn ), learning to perform sophisticated , high - level tasks . however , training dnns requires massive amounts of data and is very computationally intensive . gaining analytical understanding of the solutions found by dnns can help us devise more efficient trainin ←
→ filter sharing : efficient learning of parameters for volumetric convolutions ; typical convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have several millions of parameters and require a large amount of annotated data to train them . in medical applications where training data is hard to come by , these sophisticated machine learning models are difficult to train . in this paper , we propose a method to reduce the inherent complexity of cnns during training by exploiting the significant redundancy that is noticed in the l ←
→ harassment detection : a benchmark on the # hackharassment dataset ; online harassment has been a problem to a greater or lesser extent since the early days of the internet . previous work has applied anti - spam techniques like machine - learning based text classification ( reynolds , 2011 ) to detecting harassing messages . however , existing public datasets are limited in size , with labels of varying quality . the # hackharassment initiative ( an alliance of 1 tech companies and ngos devoted to fighting bullying on the ←
→ facial 3d model registration under occlusions with sensiblepoints - based reinforced hypothesis refinement ; registering a 3d facial model to a 2d image under occlusion is difficult . first , not all of the detected facial landmarks are accurate under occlusions . second , the number of reliable landmarks may not be enough to constrain the problem . we propose a method to synthesize additional points ( sensiblepoints ) to create pose hypotheses . the visual clues extracted from the fiducial points , non - fiducial poi ←
→ comparison among dimensionality reduction techniques based on random projection for cancer classification ; random projection ( rp ) technique has been widely applied in many scenarios because it can reduce high - dimensional features into low - dimensional space within short time and meet the need of real - time analysis of massive data . there is an urgent need of dimensionality reduction with fast increase of big genomics data . however , the performance of rp is usually lower . we attempt to improve classificatio ←
→ pacrr : a position - aware neural ir model for relevance matching ; in order to adopt deep learning for information retrieval , models are needed that can capture all relevant information required to assess the relevance of a document to a given user query . while previous works have successfully captured unigram term matches , how to fully employ position - dependent information such as proximity and term dependencies has been insufficiently explored . in this work , we propose a novel neural ir model named pacrr ai ←
→ cognitive memory network ; a resistive memory network that has no crossover wiring is proposed to overcome the hardware limitations to size and functional complexity that is associated with conventional analogue neural networks . the proposed memory network is based on simple network cells that are arranged in a hierarchical modular architecture . cognitive functionality of this network is demonstrated by an example of character recognition . the network is trained by an evolutionary process to completely reco ←
→ black - box reductions for parameter - free online learning in banach spaces ; we introduce several new black - box reductions that significantly improve the design of adaptive and parameter - free online learning algorithms by simplifying analysis , improving regret guarantees , and sometimes even improving runtime . we reduce parameter - free online learning to online exp - concave optimization , we reduce optimization in a banach space to one - dimensional optimization , and we reduce optimization over a constrained domain ←
→ automatic pattern classification by unsupervised learning using dimensionality reduction of data with mirroring neural networks ; this paper proposes an unsupervised learning technique by using multi - layer mirroring neural network and forgy ' s clustering algorithm . multi - layer mirroring neural network is a neural network that can be trained with generalized data inputs ( different categories of image patterns ) to perform non - linear dimensionality reduction and the resultant low - dimensional code is used for ←
→ task - driven adaptive statistical compressive sensing of gaussian mixture models ; a framework for adaptive and non - adaptive statistical compressive sensing is developed , where a statistical model replaces the standard sparsity model of classical compressive sensing . we propose within this framework optimal task - specific sensing protocols specifically and jointly designed for classification and reconstruction . a two - step adaptive sensing paradigm is developed , where online sensing is applied to detect the ←
→ multi - task zero - shot action recognition with prioritised data augmentation ; zero - shot learning ( zsl ) promises to scale visual recognition by bypassing the conventional model training requirement of annotated examples for every category . this is achieved by establishing a mapping connecting low - level features and a semantic description of the label space , referred as visual - semantic mapping , on auxiliary data . reusing the learned mapping to project target videos into an embedding space thus allows novel - c ←
→ optimization of real , hermitian quadratic forms : real , complex hopfield - amari neural network ; in this research paper , the problem of optimization of quadratic forms associated with the dynamics of hopfield - amari neural network is considered . an elegant ( and short ) proof of the states at which local / global minima of quadratic form are attained is provided . a theorem associated with local / global minimization of quadratic energy function using the hopfield - amari neural network is discussed . the results are ←
→ integration of navigation and action selection functionalities in a computational model of cortico - basal ganglia - thalamo - cortical loops ; this article describes a biomimetic control architecture affording an animat both action selection and navigation functionalities . it satisfies the survival constraint of an artificial metabolism and supports several complementary navigation strategies . it builds upon an action selection model based on the basal ganglia of the vertebrate brain , using two interconnected ←
→ structure - measure : a new way to evaluate foreground maps ; foreground map evaluation is crucial for gauging the progress of object segmentation algorithms , in particular in the filed of salient object detection where the purpose is to accurately detect and segment the most salient object in a scene . several widely - used measures such as area under the curve ( auc ), average precision ( ap ) and the recently proposed fbw have been utilized to evaluate the similarity between a non - binary saliency map ( sm ) and a gr ←
→ on the linearity of semantic change : investigating meaning variation via dynamic graph models ; we consider two graph models of semantic change . the first is a time - series model that relates embedding vectors from one time period to embedding vectors of previous time periods . in the second , we construct one graph for each word : nodes in this graph correspond to time points and edge weights to the similarity of the word ' s meaning across two time points . we apply our two models to corpora across three diffe ←
→ learning temporal alignment uncertainty for efficient event detection ; in this paper we tackle the problem of efficient video event detection . we argue that linear detection functions should be preferred in this regard due to their scalability and efficiency during estimation and evaluation . a popular approach in this regard is to represent a sequence using a bag of words ( bow ) representation due to its : ( i ) fixed dimensionality irrespective of the sequence length , and ( ii ) its ability to compactly model t ←
→ manifold based low - rank regularization for image restoration and semi - supervised learning ; low - rank structures play important role in recent advances of many problems in image science and data science . as a natural extension of low - rank structures for data with nonlinear structures , the concept of the low - dimensional manifold structure has been considered in many data processing problems . inspired by this concept , we consider a manifold based low - rank regularization as a linear approximation of manifold ←
→ first order decision diagrams for relational mdps ; markov decision processes capture sequential decision making under uncertainty , where an agent must choose actions so as to optimize long term reward . the paper studies efficient reasoning mechanisms for relational markov decision processes ( rmdp ) where world states have an internal relational structure that can be naturally described in terms of objects and relations among them . two contributions are presented . first , the paper develops first order decisi ←
→ wayfinding and cognitive maps for pedestrian models ; usually , routing models in pedestrian dynamics assume that agents have fulfilled and global knowledge about the building ' s structure . however , they neglect the fact that pedestrians possess no or only parts of information about their position relative to final exits and possible routes leading to them . to get a more realistic description we introduce the systematics of gathering and using spatial knowledge . a new wayfinding model for pedestrian dynamics ←
→ deep learning for automatic sale receipt understanding ; as a general rule , data analytics are now mandatory for companies . scanned document analysis brings additional challenges introduced by paper damages and scanning quality . in an industrial context , this work focuses on the automatic understanding of sale receipts which enable access to essential and accurate consumption statistics . given an image acquired with a smart - phone , the proposed work mainly focuses on the first steps of the full tool chain whi ←
→ on the consistency theory of high dimensional variable screening ; variable screening is a fast dimension reduction technique for assisting high dimensional feature selection . as a preselection method , it selects a moderate size subset of candidate variables for further refining via feature selection to produce the final model . the performance of variable screening depends on both computational efficiency and the ability to dramatically reduce the number of variables without discarding the important ones . w ←
→ deep transfer in reinforcement learning by language grounding ; in this paper , we explore the utilization of natural language to drive transfer for reinforcement learning ( rl ). despite the wide - spread application of deep rl techniques , learning generalized policy representations that work across domains remains a challenging problem . we demonstrate that textual descriptions of environments provide a compact intermediate channel to facilitate effective policy transfer . we employ a model - based rl approach con ←
→ smoothed analysis of tensor decompositions ; low rank tensor decompositions are a powerful tool for learning generative models , and uniqueness results give them a significant advantage over matrix decomposition methods . however , tensors pose significant algorithmic challenges and tensors analogs of much of the matrix algebra toolkit are unlikely to exist because of hardness results . efficient decomposition in the overcomplete case ( where rank exceeds dimension ) is particularly challenging . we introduce a sm ←
→ learning important features through propagating activation differences ; the purported " black box "' nature of neural networks is a barrier to adoption in applications where interpretability is essential . here we present deeplift ( deep learning important features ), a method for decomposing the output prediction of a neural network on a specific input by backpropagating the contributions of all neurons in the network to every feature of the input . deeplift compares the activation of each neuron to its ' refere ←
→ hash embeddings for efficient word representations ; we present hash embeddings , an efficient method for representing words in a continuous vector form . a hash embedding may be seen as an interpolation between a standard word embedding and a word embedding created using a random hash function ( the hashing trick ). in hash embeddings each token is represented by $ k $ $ d $- dimensional embeddings vectors and one $ k $ dimensional weight vector . the final $ d $ dimensional representation of the token is the product of ←
→ accurate brain extraction using active shape model and convolutional neural networks ; brain extraction or skull stripping is a fundamental procedure in most of neuroimaging processing systems . the performance of this procedure has had a critical impact on the success of neuroimaging analysis . after several years of research and development , brain extraction still remains a challenging problem . in this paper , we propose an effective method for skull stripping in magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) scans name ←
→ compressed video action recognition ; training robust deep video representations has proven to be much more challenging than learning deep image representations and consequently hampered tasks like video action recognition . this is in part due to the enormous size of raw video streams , the associated amount of computation required , and the high temporal redundancy . the ' true ' and interesting signal is often drowned in too much irrelevant data . motivated by the fact that the superfluous information can be re ←
→ assessing the ability of lstms to learn syntax - sensitive dependencies ; the success of long short - term memory ( lstm ) neural networks in language processing is typically attributed to their ability to capture long - distance statistical regularities . linguistic regularities are often sensitive to syntactic structure ; can such dependencies be captured by lstms , which do not have explicit structural representations ? we begin addressing this question using number agreement in english subject - verb dependencies . we ←
→ learning for biomedical information extraction : methodological review of recent advances ; biomedical information extraction ( bioie ) is important to many applications , including clinical decision support , integrative biology , and pharmacovigilance , and therefore it has been an active research . unlike existing reviews covering a holistic view on bioie , this review focuses on mainly recent advances in learning based approaches , by systematically summarizing them into different aspects of methodological deve ←
→ unsupervised learning of monocular depth estimation and visual odometry with deep feature reconstruction ; despite learning based methods showing promising results in single view depth estimation and visual odometry , most existing approaches treat the tasks in a supervised manner . recent approaches to single view depth estimation explore the possibility of learning without full supervision via minimizing photometric error . in this paper , we explore the use of stereo sequences for learning depth and visual ←
→ variational mcmc ; we propose a new class of learning algorithms that combines variational approximation and markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) simulation . naive algorithms that use the variational approximation as proposal distribution can perform poorly because this approximation tends to underestimate the true variance and other features of the data . we solve this problem by introducing more sophisticated mcmc algorithms . one of these algorithms is a mixture of two mcmc kernels : a random walk metropolis ker ←
→ removing propagation redundant constraints in redundant modeling ; a widely adopted approach to solving constraint satisfaction problems combines systematic tree search with various degrees of constraint propagation for pruning the search space . one common technique to improve the execution efficiency is to add redundant constraints , which are constraints logically implied by others in the problem model . however , some redundant constraints are propagation redundant and hence do not contribute additional pro ←
→ racial disparity in natural language processing : a case study of social media african - american english ; we highlight an important frontier in algorithmic fairness : disparity in the quality of natural language processing algorithms when applied to language from authors of different social groups . for example , current systems sometimes analyze the language of females and minorities more poorly than they do of whites and males . we conduct an empirical analysis of racial disparity in language identification ←
→ dvae ++: discrete variational autoencoders with overlapping transformations ; training of discrete latent variable models remains challenging because passing gradient information through discrete units is difficult . we propose a new class of smoothing transformations based on a mixture of two overlapping distributions , and show that the proposed transformation can be used for training binary latent models with either directed or undirected priors . we derive a new variational bound to efficiently train with ←
→ universal memcomputing machines ; we introduce the notion of universal memcomputing machines ( umms ): a class of brain - inspired general - purpose computing machines based on systems with memory , whereby processing and storing of information occur on the same physical location . we analytically prove that the memory properties of umms endow them with universal computing power - they are turing - complete -, intrinsic parallelism , functional polymorphism , and information overhead , namely their collective states can ←
→ some methods for heterogeneous treatment effect estimation in high - dimensions ; when devising a course of treatment for a patient , doctors often have little quantitative evidence on which to base their decisions , beyond their medical education and published clinical trials . stanford health care alone has millions of electronic medical records ( emrs ) that are only just recently being leveraged to inform better treatment recommendations . these data present a unique challenge because they are high - dimensiona ←
→ quantum clustering and gaussian mixtures ; the mixture of gaussian distributions , a soft version of k - means , is considered a state - of - the - art clustering algorithm . it is widely used in computer vision for selecting classes , e . g ., color , texture , and shapes . in this algorithm , each class is described by a gaussian distribution , defined by its mean and covariance . the data is described by a weighted sum of these gaussian distributions . we propose a new method , inspired by quantum interference in physics . ins ←
→ beyond sentiment : the manifold of human emotions ; sentiment analysis predicts the presence of positive or negative emotions in a text document . in this paper we consider higher dimensional extensions of the sentiment concept , which represent a richer set of human emotions . our approach goes beyond previous work in that our model contains a continuous manifold rather than a finite set of human emotions . we investigate the resulting model , compare it to psychological observations , and explore its predictive ←
→ universal similarity ; we survey a new area of parameter - free similarity distance measures useful in data - mining , pattern recognition , learning and automatic semantics extraction . given a family of distances on a set of objects , a distance is universal up to a certain precision for that family if it minorizes every distance in the family between every two objects in the set , up to the stated precision ( we do not require the universal distance to be an element of the family ). we consider similarity distances ←
→ amp : a new time - frequency feature extraction method for intermittent time - series data ; the characterisation of time - series data via their most salient features is extremely important in a range of machine learning task , not least of all with regards to classification and clustering . while there exist many feature extraction techniques suitable for non - intermittent time - series data , these approaches are not always appropriate for intermittent time - series data , where intermittency is characterized by const ←
→ dictionary based approach to edge detection ; edge detection is a very essential part of image processing , as quality and accuracy of detection determines the success of further processing . we have developed a new self learning technique for edge detection using dictionary comprised of eigenfilters constructed using features of the input image . the dictionary based method eliminates the need of pre or post processing of the image and accounts for noise , blurriness , class of image and variation of illuminati ←
→ zipf ' s law holds for phrases , not words ; with zipf ' s law being originally and most famously observed for word frequency , it is surprisingly limited in its applicability to human language , holding over no more than three to four orders of magnitude before hitting a clear break in scaling . here , building on the simple observation that phrases of one or more words comprise the most coherent units of meaning in language , we show empirically that zipf ' s law for phrases extends over as many as nine orders of ran ←
→ neural architecture search with bayesian optimisation and optimal transport ; bayesian optimisation ( bo ) refers to a class of methods for global optimisation of a function $ f $ which is only accessible via point evaluations . it is typically used in settings where $ f $ is expensive to evaluate . a common use case for bo in machine learning is model selection , where it is not possible to analytically model the generalisation performance of a statistical model , and we resort to noisy and expensive training and ←
→ when traffic flow prediction meets wireless big data analytics ; traffic flow prediction is an important research issue for solving the traffic congestion problem in an intelligent transportation system ( its ). traffic congestion is one of the most serious problems in a city , which can be predicted in advance by analyzing traffic flow patterns . such prediction is possible by analyzing the real - time transportation data from correlative roads and vehicles . this article first gives a brief introduction to the t ←
→ identifying roles of clinical pharmacy with survey evaluation ; the survey data sets are important sources of data and their successful exploitation is of key importance for informed policy - decision making . we present how a survey analysis approach initially developed for customer satisfaction research in marketing can be adapted for the introduction of clinical pharmacy services into hospital . we use two analytical approaches to extract relevant managerial consequences . with ordeval algorithm we first eval ←
→ feed forward and backward run in deep convolution neural network ; convolution neural networks ( cnn ), known as convnets are widely used in many visual imagery application , object classification , speech recognition . after the implementation and demonstration of the deep convolution neural network in imagenet classification in 2012 by krizhevsky , the architecture of deep convolution neural network is attracted many researchers . this has led to the major development in deep learning frameworks such as tensorfl ←
→ thermal to visible synthesis of face images using multiple regions ; synthesis of visible spectrum faces from thermal facial imagery is a promising approach for heterogeneous face recognition ; enabling existing face recognition software trained on visible imagery to be leveraged , and allowing human analysts to verify cross - spectrum matches more effectively . we propose a new synthesis method to enhance the discriminative quality of synthesized visible face imagery by leveraging both global ( e . g ., entire face ←
→ litstoryteller : an interactive system for visual exploration of scientific papers leveraging named entities and comparative sentences ; the present study proposes litstoryteller , an interactive system for visually exploring the semantic structure of a scientific article . we demonstrate how litstoryteller could be used to answer some of the most fundamental research questions , such as how a new method was built on top of existing methods , based on what theoretical proof and experimental evidences . more imp ←
→ random walk sampling for big data over networks ; it has been shown recently that graph signals with small total variation can be accurately recovered from only few samples if the sampling set satisfies a certain condition , referred to as the network nullspace property . based on this recovery condition , we propose a sampling strategy for smooth graph signals based on random walks . numerical experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of this approach for graph signals obtained from a synthetic random graph mo ←
→ multiscale fields of patterns ; we describe a framework for defining high - order image models that can be used in a variety of applications . the approach involves modeling local patterns in a multiscale representation of an image . local properties of a coarsened image reflect non - local properties of the original image . in the case of binary images local properties are defined by the binary patterns observed over small neighborhoods around each pixel . with the multiscale representation we capture the frequenc ←
→ sparse coding and dictionary learning for symmetric positive definite matrices : a kernel approach ; recent advances suggest that a wide range of computer vision problems can be addressed more appropriately by considering non - euclidean geometry . this paper tackles the problem of sparse coding and dictionary learning in the space of symmetric positive definite matrices , which form a riemannian manifold . with the aid of the recently introduced stein kernel ( related to a symmetric version of bregman matrix di ←
→ more data speeds up training time in learning halfspaces over sparse vectors ; the increased availability of data in recent years has led several authors to ask whether it is possible to use data as a {\ em computational } resource . that is , if more data is available , beyond the sample complexity limit , is it possible to use the extra examples to speed up the computation time required to perform the learning task ? we give the first positive answer to this question for a {\ em natural supervised learning pr ←
→ a framework for comparing uncertain inference systems to probability ; several different uncertain inference systems ( uiss ) have been developed for representing uncertainty in rule - based expert systems . some of these , such as mycin ' s certainty factors , prospector , and bayes ' networks were designed as approximations to probability , and others , such as fuzzy set theory and dempstershafer belief functions were not . how different are these uiss in practice , and does it matter which you use ? when combining and p ←
→ saten : an object - oriented web - based revision and extraction engine ; saten is an object - oriented web - based extraction and belief revision engine . it runs on any computer via a java 1 . 1 enabled browser such as netscape 4 . saten performs belief revision based on the agm approach . the extraction and belief revision reasoning engines operate on a user specified ranking of information . one of the features of saten is that it can be used to integrate mutually inconsistent commensuate rankings into a consistent ra ←
→ photorealistic facial expression synthesis by the conditional difference adversarial autoencoder ; photorealistic facial expression synthesis from single face image can be widely applied to face recognition , data augmentation for emotion recognition or entertainment . this problem is challenging , in part due to a paucity of labeled facial expression data , making it difficult for algorithms to disambiguate changes due to identity and changes due to expression . in this paper , we propose the conditional diffe ←
→ a compact kernel approximation for 3d action recognition ; 3d action recognition was shown to benefit from a covariance representation of the input data ( joint 3d positions ). a kernel machine feed with such feature is an effective paradigm for 3d action recognition , yielding state - of - the - art results . yet , the whole framework is affected by the well - known scalability issue . in fact , in general , the kernel function has to be evaluated for all pairs of instances inducing a gram matrix whose complexity is quadr ←
→ crnn : a joint neural network for redundancy detection ; this paper proposes a novel framework for detecting redundancy in supervised sentence categorisation . unlike traditional singleton neural network , our model incorporates character - aware convolutional neural network ( char - cnn ) with character - aware recurrent neural network ( char - rnn ) to form a convolutional recurrent neural network ( crnn ). our model benefits from char - cnn in that only salient features are selected and fed into the integrated char - rnn . ch ←
→ stepwise regression for unsupervised learning ; i consider unsupervised extensions of the fast stepwise linear regression algorithm \ cite { efroymson1960multiple }. these extensions allow one to efficiently identify highly - representative feature variable subsets within a given set of jointly distributed variables . this in turn allows for the efficient dimensional reduction of large data sets via the removal of redundant features . fast search is effected here through the avoidance of repeat computations across ←
→ modeling based on elman wavelet neural network for class - d power amplifiers ; in class - d power amplifiers ( cdpas ), the power supply noise can intermodulate with the input signal , manifesting into power - supply induced intermodulation distortion ( ps - imd ) and due to the memory effects of the system , there exist asymmetries in the ps - imds . in this paper , a new behavioral modeling based on the elman wavelet neural network ( ewnn ) is proposed to study the nonlinear distortion of the cdpas . in ewnn model , the mor ←
→ a joint model of language and perception for grounded attribute learning ; as robots become more ubiquitous and capable , it becomes ever more important to enable untrained users to easily interact with them . recently , this has led to study of the language grounding problem , where the goal is to extract representations of the meanings of natural language tied to perception and actuation in the physical world . in this paper , we present an approach for joint learning of language and perception models for groun ←
→ dkp - aom : results for oaei 2015 ; in this paper , we present the results obtained by our dkp - aom system within the oaei 2015 campaign . dkp - aom is an ontology merging tool designed to merge heterogeneous ontologies . in oaei , we have participated with its ontology mapping component which serves as a basic module capable of matching large scale ontologies before their merging . this is our first successful participation in the conference , oa4qa and anatomy track of oaei . dkp - aom is participating with two versions ←
→ predictive independence testing , predictive conditional independence testing , and predictive graphical modelling ; testing ( conditional ) independence of multivariate random variables is a task central to statistical inference and modelling in general - though unfortunately one for which to date there does not exist a practicable workflow . state - of - art workflows suffer from the need for heuristic or subjective manual choices , high computational complexity , or strong parametric assumptions . we address the ←
→ understanding retail productivity by simulating management practise ; intelligent agents offer a new and exciting way of understanding the world of work . in this paper we apply agent - based modeling and simulation to investigate a set of problems in a retail context . specifically , we are working to understand the relationship between human resource management practices and retail productivity . despite the fact we are working within a relatively novel and complex domain , it is clear that intelligent agents co ←
→ boosting random forests to reduce bias ; one - step boosted forest and its variance estimate ; in this paper we propose using the principle of boosting to reduce the bias of a random forest prediction in the regression setting . from the original random forest fit we extract the residuals and then fit another random forest to these residuals . we call the sum of these two random forests a \ textit { one - step boosted forest }. we have shown with simulated and real data that the one - step boosted forest has a reduced ←
→ a movie genre prediction based on multivariate bernoulli model and genre correlations ; movie ratings play an important role both in determining the likelihood of a potential viewer to watch the movie and in reflecting the current viewer satisfaction with the movie . they are available in several sources like the television guide , best - selling reference books , newspaper columns , and television programs . furthermore , movie ratings are crucial for recommendation engines that track the behavior of all users a ←
→ characterizations of decomposable dependency models ; decomposable dependency models possess a number of interesting and useful properties . this paper presents new characterizations of decomposable models in terms of independence relationships , which are obtained by adding a single axiom to the well - known set characterizing dependency models that are isomorphic to undirected graphs . we also briefly discuss a potential application of our results to the problem of learning graphical models from data .←
→ rotation invariants of two dimensional curves based on iterated integrals ; we introduce a novel class of rotation invariants of two dimensional curves based on iterated integrals . the invariants we present are in some sense complete and we describe an algorithm to calculate them , giving explicit computations up to order six . we present an application to online ( stroke - trajectory based ) character recognition . this seems to be the first time in the literature that the use of iterated integrals of a curve i ←
→ entanglement entropy of target functions for image classification and convolutional neural network ; the success of deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) in computer vision especially image classification problems requests a new information theory for function of image , instead of image itself . in this article , after establishing a deep mathematical connection between image classification problem and quantum spin model , we propose to use entanglement entropy , a generalization of classical boltzmann - shan ←
→ matroid regression ; we propose an algebraic combinatorial method for solving large sparse linear systems of equations locally - that is , a method which can compute single evaluations of the signal without computing the whole signal . the method scales only in the sparsity of the system and not in its size , and allows to provide error estimates for any solution method . at the heart of our approach is the so - called regression matroid , a combinatorial object associated to sparsity patterns , which allows to rep ←
→ the perturbed variation ; we introduce a new discrepancy score between two distributions that gives an indication on their similarity . while much research has been done to determine if two samples come from exactly the same distribution , much less research considered the problem of determining if two finite samples come from similar distributions . the new score gives an intuitive interpretation of similarity ; it optimally perturbs the distributions so that they best fit each other . the score is defined betw ←
→ selective sampling and mixture models in generative adversarial networks ; in this paper , we propose a multi - generator extension to the adversarial training framework , in which the objective of each generator is to represent a unique component of a target mixture distribution . in the training phase , the generators cooperate to represent , as a mixture , the target distribution while maintaining distinct manifolds . as opposed to traditional generative models , inference from a particular generator after trainin ←
→ approximate policy iteration schemes : a comparison ; we consider the infinite - horizon discounted optimal control problem formalized by markov decision processes . we focus on several approximate variations of the policy iteration algorithm : approximate policy iteration , conservative policy iteration ( cpi ), a natural adaptation of the policy search by dynamic programming algorithm to the infinite - horizon case ( psdp $ _ \ infty $), and the recently proposed non - stationary policy iteration ( nspi ( m )). for all algorit ←
→ face recognition techniques : a survey ; nowadays research has expanded to extracting auxiliary information from various biometric techniques like fingerprints , face , iris , palm and voice . this information contains some major features like gender , age , beard , mustache , scars , height , hair , skin color , glasses , weight , facial marks and tattoos . all this information contributes strongly to identification of human . the major challenges that come across face recognition are to find age & gender of the person . t ←
→ robust high quality image guided depth upsampling ; time - of - flight ( tof ) depth sensing camera is able to obtain depth maps at a high frame rate . however , its low resolution and sensitivity to the noise are always a concern . a popular solution is upsampling the obtained noisy low resolution depth map with the guidance of the companion high resolution color image . however , due to the constrains in the existing upsampling models , the high resolution depth map obtained in such way may suffer from either texture ←
→ sparse quadratic logistic regression in sub - quadratic time ; we consider support recovery in the quadratic logistic regression setting - where the target depends on both p linear terms $ x_i $ and up to $ p ^ 2 $ quadratic terms $ x_i x_j $. quadratic terms enable prediction / modeling of higher - order effects between features and the target , but when incorporated naively may involve solving a very large regression problem . we consider the sparse case , where at most $ s $ terms ( linear or quadratic ) are non - zero , and pr ←
→ single - molecule protein identification by sub - nanopore sensors ; recent advances in top - down mass spectrometry enabled identification of intact proteins , but this technology still faces challenges . for example , top - down mass spectrometry suffers from a lack of sensitivity since the ion counts for a single fragmentation event are often low . in contrast , nanopore technology is exquisitely sensitive to single intact molecules , but it has only been successfully applied to dna sequencing , so far . here , we explor ←
→ efficient algorithms and error analysis for the modified nystrom method ; many kernel methods suffer from high time and space complexities and are thus prohibitive in big - data applications . to tackle the computational challenge , the nystr \" om method has been extensively used to reduce time and space complexities by sacrificing some accuracy . the nystr \" om method speedups computation by constructing an approximation of the kernel matrix using only a few columns of the matrix . recently , a variant of the nystr ←
→ clustering is difficult only when it does not matter ; numerous papers ask how difficult it is to cluster data . we suggest that the more relevant and interesting question is how difficult it is to cluster data sets {\ em that can be clustered well }. more generally , despite the ubiquity and the great importance of clustering , we still do not have a satisfactory mathematical theory of clustering . in order to properly understand clustering , it is clearly necessary to develop a solid theoretical basis for the ar ←
→ generating videos with scene dynamics ; we capitalize on large amounts of unlabeled video in order to learn a model of scene dynamics for both video recognition tasks ( e . g . action classification ) and video generation tasks ( e . g . future prediction ). we propose a generative adversarial network for video with a spatio - temporal convolutional architecture that untangles the scene ' s foreground from the background . experiments suggest this model can generate tiny videos up to a second at full frame rate better tha ←
→ toward practical n2 monte carlo : the marginal particle filter ; sequential monte carlo techniques are useful for state estimation in non - linear , non - gaussian dynamic models . these methods allow us to approximate the joint posterior distribution using sequential importance sampling . in this framework , the dimension of the target distribution grows with each time step , thus it is necessary to introduce some resampling steps to ensure that the estimates provided by the algorithm have a reasonable variance . in ←
→ multiple retrieval models and regression models for prior art search ; this paper presents the system called patatras ( patent and article tracking , retrieval and analysis ) realized for the ip track of clef 2009 . our approach presents three main characteristics : 1 . the usage of multiple retrieval models ( kl , okapi ) and term index definitions ( lemma , phrase , concept ) for the three languages considered in the present track ( english , french , german ) producing ten different sets of ranked results . 2 . the merging ←
→ predictive entropy search for multi - objective bayesian optimization with constraints ; this work presents pesmoc , predictive entropy search for multi - objective bayesian optimization with constraints , an information - based strategy for the simultaneous optimization of multiple expensive - to - evaluate black - box functions under the presence of several constraints . pesmoc can hence be used to solve a wide range of optimization problems . iteratively , pesmoc chooses an input location on which to evaluate the objec ←
→ intention - based segmentation : human reliability and correlation with linguistic cues ; certain spans of utterances in a discourse , referred to here as segments , are widely assumed to form coherent units . further , the segmental structure of discourse has been claimed to constrain and be constrained by many phenomena . however , there is weak consensus on the nature of segments and the criteria for recognizing or generating them . we present quantitative results of a two part study using a corpus of spontaneou ←
→ human and automatic evaluation of english - hindi machine translation ; for the past 60 years , research in machine translation is going on . for the development in this field , a lot of new techniques are being developed each day . as a result , we have witnessed development of many automatic machine translators . a manager of machine translation development project needs to know the performance increase / decrease , after changes have been done in his system . due to this reason , a need for evaluation of machine tran ←
→ learning neural representations of human cognition across many fmri studies ; cognitive neuroscience is enjoying rapid increase in extensive public brain - imaging datasets . it opens the door to large - scale statistical models . finding a unified perspective for all available data calls for scalable and automated solutions to an old challenge : how to aggregate heterogeneous information on brain function into a universal cognitive system that relates mental operations / cognitive processes / psychological tasks to ←
→ identifying first - person camera wearers in third - person videos ; we consider scenarios in which we wish to perform joint scene understanding , object tracking , activity recognition , and other tasks in environments in which multiple people are wearing body - worn cameras while a third - person static camera also captures the scene . to do this , we need to establish person - level correspondences across first - and third - person videos , which is challenging because the camera wearer is not visible from his / her own egoc ←
→ signal recovery from pooling representations ; in this work we compute lower lipschitz bounds of $\ ell_p $ pooling operators for $ p = 1 , 2 , \ infty $ as well as $\ ell_p $ pooling operators preceded by half - rectification layers . these give sufficient conditions for the design of invertible neural network layers . numerical experiments on mnist and image patches confirm that pooling layers can be inverted with phase recovery algorithms . moreover , the regularity of the inverse pooling , controlled by the lower lipschi ←
→ multiscale event detection in social media ; event detection has been one of the most important research topics in social media analysis . most of the traditional approaches detect events based on fixed temporal and spatial resolutions , while in reality events of different scales usually occur simultaneously , namely , they span different intervals in time and space . in this paper , we propose a novel approach towards multiscale event detection using social media data , which takes into account different tempora ←
→ an extragradient - based alternating direction method for convex minimization ; in this paper , we consider the problem of minimizing the sum of two convex functions subject to linear linking constraints . the classical alternating direction type methods usually assume that the two convex functions have relatively easy proximal mappings . however , many problems arising from statistics , image processing and other fields have the structure that while one of the two functions has easy proximal mapping , the other ←
→ stochastic low - rank kernel learning for regression ; we present a novel approach to learn a kernel - based regression function . it is based on the useof conical combinations of data - based parameterized kernels and on a new stochastic convex optimization procedure of which we establish convergence guarantees . the overall learning procedure has the nice properties that a ) the learned conical combination is automatically designed to perform the regression task at hand and b ) the updates implicated by the optimiz ←
→ deep autoencoders for dimensionality reduction of high - content screening data ; high - content screening uses large collections of unlabeled cell image data to reason about genetics or cell biology . two important tasks are to identify those cells which bear interesting phenotypes , and to identify sub - populations enriched for these phenotypes . this exploratory data analysis usually involves dimensionality reduction followed by clustering , in the hope that clusters represent a phenotype . we propose the use of ←
→ assessing wikipedia - based cross - language retrieval models ; this work compares concept models for cross - language retrieval : first , we adapt probabilistic latent semantic analysis ( plsa ) for multilingual documents . experiments with different weighting schemes show that a weighting method favoring documents of similar length in both language sides gives best results . considering that both monolingual and multilingual latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) behave alike when applied for such documents , we use a trai ←
→ classification and reconstruction of high - dimensional signals from low - dimensional features in the presence of side information ; this paper offers a characterization of fundamental limits on the classification and reconstruction of high - dimensional signals from low - dimensional features , in the presence of side information . we consider a scenario where a decoder has access both to linear features of the signal of interest and to linear features of the side information signal ; while the side information ma ←
→ spectral graph cut from a filtering point of view ; spectral graph theory is well known and widely used in computer vision . in this paper , we analyze image segmentation algorithms that are based on spectral graph theory , e . g ., normalized cut , and show that there is a natural connection between spectural graph theory based image segmentationand and edge preserving filtering . based on this connection we show that the normalized cut algorithm is equivalent to repeated iterations of bilateral filtering . then , u ←
→ exploratory gradient boosting for reinforcement learning in complex domains ; high - dimensional observations and complex real - world dynamics present major challenges in reinforcement learning for both function approximation and exploration . we address both of these challenges with two complementary techniques : first , we develop a gradient - boosting style , non - parametric function approximator for learning on $ q $- function residuals . and second , we propose an exploration strategy inspired by the principles of ←
→ deep & cross network for ad click predictions ; feature engineering has been the key to the success of many prediction models . however , the process is non - trivial and often requires manual feature engineering or exhaustive searching . dnns are able to automatically learn feature interactions ; however , they generate all the interactions implicitly , and are not necessarily efficient in learning all types of cross features . in this paper , we propose the deep & cross network ( dcn ) which keeps the benefits of a d ←
→ what do deep cnns learn about objects ? ; deep convolutional neural networks learn extremely powerful image representations , yet most of that power is hidden in the millions of deep - layer parameters . what exactly do these parameters represent ? recent work has started to analyse cnn representations , finding that , e . g ., they are invariant to some 2d transformations fischer et al . ( 2014 ), but are confused by particular types of image noise nguyen et al . ( 2014 ). in this work , we delve deeper and ask : how invaria ←
→ pronet : learning to propose object - specific boxes for cascaded neural networks ; this paper aims to classify and locate objects accurately and efficiently , without using bounding box annotations . it is challenging as objects in the wild could appear at arbitrary locations and in different scales . in this paper , we propose a novel classification architecture pronet based on convolutional neural networks . it uses computationally efficient neural networks to propose image regions that are likely to contain o ←
→ a data - based classification of slavic languages : indices of qualitative variation applied to grapheme frequencies ; the ord ' s graph is a simple graphical method for displaying frequency distributions of data or theoretical distributions in the two - dimensional plane . its coordinates are proportions of the first three moments , either empirical or theoretical ones . a modification of the ord ' s graph based on proportions of indices of qualitative variation is presented . such a modification makes the graph appl ←
→ unsupervised neural machine translation ; in spite of the recent success of neural machine translation ( nmt ) in standard benchmarks , the lack of large parallel corpora poses a major practical problem for many language pairs . there have been several proposals to alleviate this issue with , for instance , triangulation and semi - supervised learning techniques , but they still require a strong cross - lingual signal . in this work , we completely remove the need of parallel data and propose a novel method to train an ←
→ cascaded sparse spatial bins for efficient and effective generic object detection ; a novel efficient method for extraction of object proposals is introduced . its " objectness " function exploits deep spatial pyramid features , a novel fast - to - compute hog - based edge statistic and the edgeboxes score . the efficiency is achieved by the use of spatial bins in a novel combination with sparsity - inducing group normalized svm . state - of - the - art recall performance is achieved on pascal voc07 , significantly outperform ←
→ controlled query evaluation for datalog and owl 2 profile ontologies ; we study confidentiality enforcement in ontologies under the controlled query evaluation framework , where a policy specifies the sensitive information and a censor ensures that query answers that may compromise the policy are not returned . we focus on censors that ensure confidentiality while maximising information access , and consider both datalog and the owl 2 profiles as ontology languages .←
→ on tensor train rank minimization : statistical efficiency and scalable algorithm ; tensor train ( tt ) decomposition provides a space - efficient representation for higher - order tensors . despite its advantage , we face two crucial limitations when we apply the tt decomposition to machine learning problems : the lack of statistical theory and of scalable algorithms . in this paper , we address the limitations . first , we introduce a convex relaxation of the tt decomposition problem and derive its error bound for th ←
→ a knowledge acquisition tool for bayesian - network troubleshooters ; this paper describes a domain - specific knowledge acquisition tool for intelligent automated troubleshooters based on bayesian networks . no bayesian network knowledge is required to use the tool , and troubleshooting information can be specified as natural and intuitive as possible . probabilities can be specified in the direction that is most natural to the domain expert . thus , the knowledge acquisition efficiently removes the traditional kno ←
→ learning to synthesize a 4d rgbd light field from a single image ; we present a machine learning algorithm that takes as input a 2d rgb image and synthesizes a 4d rgbd light field ( color and depth of the scene in each ray direction ). for training , we introduce the largest public light field dataset , consisting of over 3300 plenoptic camera light fields of scenes containing flowers and plants . our synthesis pipeline consists of a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) that estimates scene geometry , a stage that ←
→ increasing the throughput of machine translation systems using clouds ; the manuscript presents an experiment at implementation of a machine translation system in a mapreduce model . the empirical evaluation was done using fully implemented translation systems embedded into the mapreduce programming model . two machine translation paradigms were studied : shallow transfer rule based machine translation and statistical machine translation . the results show that the mapreduce model can be successfully used to ←
→ transfer regression via pairwise similarity regularization ; transfer learning methods address the situation where little labeled training data from the " target " problem exists , but much training data from a related " source " domain is available . however , the overwhelming majority of transfer learning methods are designed for simple settings where the source and target predictive functions are almost identical , limiting the applicability of transfer learning methods to real world data . we propose a novel , we ←
→ online spatial concept and lexical acquisition with simultaneous localization and mapping ; in this paper , we propose an online learning algorithm based on a rao - blackwellized particle filter for spatial concept acquisition and mapping . we have proposed a nonparametric bayesian spatial concept acquisition model ( spcoa ). we propose a novel method ( spcoslam ) integrating spcoa and fastslam in the theoretical framework of the bayesian generative model . the proposed method can simultaneously learn place catego ←
→ color graph based wavelet transform with perceptual information ; in this paper , we propose a numerical strategy to define a multiscale analysis for color and multicomponent images based on the representation of data on a graph . our approach consists in computing the graph of an image using the psychovisual information and analysing it by using the spectral graph wavelet transform . we suggest introducing color dimension into the computation of the weights of the graph and using the geodesic distance as a me ←
→ a focal any - angle path - finding algorithm based on a * on visibility graphs ; in this research , we investigate the subject of path - finding . a pruned version of visibility graph based on candidate vertices is formulated , followed by a new visibility check technique . such combination enables us to quickly identify the useful vertices and thus find the optimal path more efficiently . the algorithm proposed is demonstrated on various path - finding cases . the performance of the new technique on visibility graphs i ←
→ generalized backpropagation , étude de cas : orthogonality ; this paper introduces an extension of the backpropagation algorithm that enables us to have layers with constrained weights in a deep network . in particular , we make use of the riemannian geometry and optimization techniques on matrix manifolds to step outside of normal practice in training deep networks , equipping the network with structures such as orthogonality or positive definiteness . based on our development , we make another contribution by in ←
→ a two - phase approach towards identifying argument structure in natural language ; we propose a new approach for extracting argument structure from natural language texts that contain an underlying argument . our approach comprises of two phases : score assignment and structure prediction . the score assignment phase trains models to classify relations between argument units ( support , attack or neutral ). to that end , different training strategies have been explored . we identify different linguistic and lexica ←
→ learning loosely connected markov random fields ; we consider the structure learning problem for graphical models that we call loosely connected markov random fields , in which the number of short paths between any pair of nodes is small , and present a new conditional independence test based algorithm for learning the underlying graph structure . the novel maximization step in our algorithm ensures that the true edges are detected correctly even when there are short cycles in the graph . the number of samples ←
→ segan : speech enhancement generative adversarial network ; current speech enhancement techniques operate on the spectral domain and / or exploit some higher - level feature . the majority of them tackle a limited number of noise conditions and rely on first - order statistics . to circumvent these issues , deep networks are being increasingly used , thanks to their ability to learn complex functions from large example sets . in this work , we propose the use of generative adversarial networks for speech enhancement . in ←
→ supervised and unsupervised tumor characterization in the deep learning era ; computer aided diagnosis ( cad ) tools are often needed for fast and accurate detection , characterization , and risk assessment of different tumors from radiology images . any improvement in robust and accurate image - based tumor characterization can assist in determining non - invasive cancer stage , prognosis , and personalized treatment planning as a part of precision medicine . in this study , we propose both supervised and unsupervise ←
→ extremal problems in logic programming and stable model computation ; we study the following problem : given a class of logic programs c , determine the maximum number of stable models of a program from c . we establish the maximum for the class of all logic programs with at most n clauses , and for the class of all logic programs of size at most n . we also characterize the programs for which the maxima are attained . we obtain similar results for the class of all disjunctive logic programs with at most n clause ←
→ a neural network assembly memory model based on an optimal binary signal detection theory ; a ternary / binary data coding algorithm and conditions under which hopfield networks implement optimal convolutional or hamming decoding algorithms has been described . using the coding / decoding approach ( an optimal binary signal detection theory , bsdt ) introduced a neural network assembly memory model ( nnamm ) is built . the model provides optimal ( the best ) basic memory performance and demands the use of a new memory ←
→ linear probability forecasting ; multi - class classification is one of the most important tasks in machine learning . in this paper we consider two online multi - class classification problems : classification by a linear model and by a kernelized model . the quality of predictions is measured by the brier loss function . we suggest two computationally efficient algorithms to work with these problems and prove theoretical guarantees on their losses . we kernelize one of the algorithms and prove theoretical guarante ←
→ using graphs of classifiers to impose declarative constraints on semi - supervised learning ; we propose a general approach to modeling semi - supervised learning ( ssl ) algorithms . specifically , we present a declarative language for modeling both traditional supervised classification tasks and many ssl heuristics , including both well - known heuristics such as co - training and novel domain - specific heuristics . in addition to representing individual ssl heuristics , we show that multiple heuristics can be automati ←
→ new reinforcement learning using a chaotic neural network for emergence of " thinking " - " exploration " grows into " thinking " through learning - ; expectation for the emergence of higher functions is getting larger in the framework of end - to - end reinforcement learning using a recurrent neural network . however , the emergence of " thinking " that is a typical higher function is difficult to realize because " thinking " needs non fixed - point , flow - type attractors with both convergence and transition dynamics . furt ←
→ interpreting convolutional neural networks through compression ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) achieve state - of - the - art performance in a wide variety of tasks in computer vision . however , interpreting cnns still remains a challenge . this is mainly due to the large number of parameters in these networks . here , we investigate the role of compression and particularly pruning filters in the interpretation of cnns . we exploit our recently - proposed greedy structural compression scheme that prunes filters i ←
→ network of bandits insure privacy of end - users ; in order to distribute the best arm identification task as close as possible to the user ' s devices , on the edge of the radio access network , we propose a new problem setting , where distributed players collaborate to find the best arm . this architecture guarantees privacy to end - users since no events are stored . the only thing that can be observed by an adversary through the core network is aggregated information across users . we provide a first algorithm , dis ←
→ seeing what is not there : learning context to determine where objects are missing ; most of computer vision focuses on what is in an image . we propose to train a standalone object - centric context representation to perform the opposite task : seeing what is not there . given an image , our context model can predict where objects should exist , even when no object instances are present . combined with object detection results , we can perform a novel vision task : finding where objects are missing in an image . our ←
→ training spiking neural networks for cognitive tasks : a versatile framework compatible to various temporal codes ; conventional modeling approaches have found limitations in matching the increasingly detailed neural network structures and dynamics recorded in experiments to the diverse brain functionalities . on another approach , studies have demonstrated to train spiking neural networks for simple functions using supervised learning . here , we introduce a modified spikeprop learning algorithm , which achiev ←
→ domain specific author attribution based on feedforward neural network language models ; authorship attribution refers to the task of automatically determining the author based on a given sample of text . it is a problem with a long history and has a wide range of application . building author profiles using language models is one of the most successful methods to automate this task . new language modeling methods based on neural networks alleviate the curse of dimensionality and usually outperform conventio ←
→ near - optimal sample complexity for convex tensor completion ; we analyze low rank tensor completion ( tc ) using noisy measurements of a subset of the tensor . assuming a rank -$ r $, order -$ d $, $ n \ times n \ times \ cdots \ times n $ tensor where $ r = o ( 1 )$, the best sampling complexity that was achieved is $ o ( n ^{\ frac { d }{ 2 }})$, which is obtained by solving a tensor nuclear - norm minimization problem . however , this bound is significantly larger than the number of free variables in a low rank tensor which is $ o ( dn )$. in ←
→ a simple algorithm for maximum margin classification , revisited ; in this note , we revisit the algorithm of har - peled et . al . [ hrz07 ] for computing a linear maximum margin classifier . our presentation is self contained , and the algorithm itself is slightly simpler than the original algorithm . the algorithm itself is a simple perceptron like iterative algorithm . for more details and background , the reader is referred to the original paper .←
→ scalable $ k $- nn graph construction ; the $ k $- nn graph has played a central role in increasingly popular data - driven techniques for various learning and vision tasks ; yet , finding an efficient and effective way to construct $ k $- nn graphs remains a challenge , especially for large - scale high - dimensional data . in this paper , we propose a new approach to construct approximate $ k $- nn graphs with emphasis in : efficiency and accuracy . we hierarchically and randomly divide the data points into subsets and build an e ←
→ feature agglomeration networks for single stage face detection ; recent years have witnessed promising results of face detection using deep learning , especially for the family of region - based convolutional neural networks ( r - cnn ) methods and their variants . despite making remarkable progresses , face detection in the wild remains an open research challenge especially when detecting faces at vastly different scales and characteristics . in this paper , we propose a novel framework of " feature agglomeration netw ←
→ towards the safety of human - in - the - loop robotics : challenges and opportunities for safety assurance of robotic co - workers ; the success of the human - robot co - worker team in a flexible manufacturing environment where robots learn from demonstration heavily relies on the correct and safe operation of the robot . how this can be achieved is a challenge that requires addressing both technical as well as human - centric research questions . in this paper we discuss the state of the art in safety assurance , existin ←
→ identifying playerś strategies in no limit texas holdém poker through the analysis of individual moves ; the development of competitive artificial poker playing agents has proven to be a challenge , because agents must deal with unreliable information and deception which make it essential to model the opponents in order to achieve good results . this paper presents a methodology to develop opponent modeling techniques for poker agents . the approach is based on applying clustering algorithms to a poker game ←
→ detecting truth on components ; we investigate and generalize to an extended framework the notion of ' true on components ' introduced by zhou , wang and sun in their paper " automated reducible geometric theorem proving and discovery by gr \" obner basis method ", j . automat . reasoning 59 ( 3 ), 331 - 344 , 2017 . a new , simple criterion is presented for a statement to be simultaneously not generally true and not generally false ( i . e . true on components ), and its performance is exemplified through the implementation of ←
→ the anchors hierachy : using the triangle inequality to survive high dimensional data ; this paper is about metric data structures in high - dimensional or non - euclidean space that permit cached sufficient statistics accelerations of learning algorithms . it has recently been shown that for less than about 10 dimensions , decorating kd - trees with additional " cached sufficient statistics " such as first and second moments and contingency tables can provide satisfying acceleration for a very wide range of stati ←
→ clifford algebra of the vector space of conics for decision boundary hyperplanes in m - euclidean space ; in this paper we embed $ m $- dimensional euclidean space in the geometric algebra $ cl_m $ to extend the operators of incidence in ${ r ^ m }$ to operators of incidence in the geometric algebra to generalize the notion of separator to a decision boundary hyperconic in the clifford algebra of hyperconic sections denoted as ${ cl }({ co } _ { 2 })$. this allows us to extend the concept of a linear perceptron or the sphe ←
→ siamese cbow : optimizing word embeddings for sentence representations ; we present the siamese continuous bag of words ( siamese cbow ) model , a neural network for efficient estimation of high - quality sentence embeddings . averaging the embeddings of words in a sentence has proven to be a surprisingly successful and efficient way of obtaining sentence embeddings . however , word embeddings trained with the methods currently available are not optimized for the task of sentence representation , and , thus , likely to ←
→ knowledge base of an expert system used for dyslalic children therapy ; in order to improve children speech therapy , we develop a fuzzy expert system based on a speech therapy guide . this guide , write in natural language , was formalized using fuzzy logic paradigm . in this manner we obtain a knowledge base with over 150 rules and 19 linguistic variables . all these researches , including expert system validation , are part of terapers project .←
→ see the glass half full : reasoning about liquid containers , their volume and content ; humans have rich understanding of liquid containers and their contents ; for example , we can effortlessly pour water from a pitcher to a cup . doing so requires estimating the volume of the cup , approximating the amount of water in the pitcher , and predicting the behavior of water when we tilt the pitcher . very little attention in computer vision has been made to liquids and their containers . in this paper , we study liqui ←
→ postponing branching decisions ; solution techniques for constraint satisfaction and optimisation problems often make use of backtrack search methods , exploiting variable and value ordering heuristics . in this paper , we propose and analyse a very simple method to apply in case the value ordering heuristic produces ties : postponing the branching decision . to this end , we group together values in a tie , branch on this sub - domain , and defer the decision among them to lower levels of the search tree . we show th ←
→ interstitial content detection ; interstitial content is online content which grays out , or otherwise obscures the main page content . in this technical report , we discuss exploratory research into detecting the presence of interstitial content in web pages . we discuss the use of computer vision techniques to detect interstitials , and the potential use of these techniques to provide a labelled dataset for machine learning .←
→ efficient and robust pedestrian detection using deep learning for human - aware navigation ; this paper addresses the problem of human - aware navigation ( han ), using multi camera sensors to implement a vision - based person tracking system . the main contributions of this paper are as follows : a novel and efficient deep learning person detection and a standardization of human - aware constraints . in the first stage of the approach , we propose to cascade the aggregate channel features ( acf ) detector with a deep co ←
→ evaluation of classifiers for image segmentation : applications for eucalypt forest inventory ; the task of counting eucalyptus trees from aerial images collected by unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ) has been frequently explored by techniques of estimation of the basal area , i . e , by determining the expected number of trees based on sampling techniques . an alternative is the use of machine learning to identify patterns that represent a tree unit , and then search for the occurrence of these patterns throughout ←
→ discourse structure in machine translation evaluation ; in this article , we explore the potential of using sentence - level discourse structure for machine translation evaluation . we first design discourse - aware similarity measures , which use all - subtree kernels to compare discourse parse trees in accordance with the rhetorical structure theory ( rst ). then , we show that a simple linear combination with these measures can help improve various existing machine translation evaluation metrics regarding correlatio ←
→ optimal approximation of continuous functions by very deep relu networks ; we prove that deep relu neural networks with conventional fully - connected architectures with $ w $ weights can approximate continuous $\ nu $- variate functions $ f $ with uniform error not exceeding $ a_ \ nu \ omega_f ( c_ \ nu w ^{- 2 /\ nu }),$ where $\ omega_f $ is the modulus of continuity of $ f $ and $ a_ \ nu , c_ \ nu $ are some $\ nu $- dependent constants . this bound is tight . our construction is inherently deep and nonlinear : the obtained approximation ra ←
→ design of a gis - based assistant software agent for the incident commander to coordinate emergency response operations ; problem : this paper addresses the design of an intelligent software system for the ic ( incident commander ) of a team in order to coordinate actions of agents ( field units or robots ) in the domain of emergency / crisis response operations . objective : this paper proposes gicoordinator . it is a gis - based assistant software agent that assists and collaborates with the human planner in strategi ←
→ batch bayesian optimization via local penalization ; the popularity of bayesian optimization methods for efficient exploration of parameter spaces has lead to a series of papers applying gaussian processes as surrogates in the optimization of functions . however , most proposed approaches only allow the exploration of the parameter space to occur sequentially . often , it is desirable to simultaneously propose batches of parameter values to explore . this is particularly the case when large parallel processing f ←
→ the relation between acausality and interference in quantum - like bayesian networks ; we analyse a quantum - like bayesian network that puts together cause / effect relationships and semantic similarities between events . these semantic similarities constitute acausal connections according to the synchronicity principle and provide new relationships to quantum like probabilistic graphical models . as a consequence , beliefs ( or any other event ) can be represented in vector spaces , in which quantum parameters are ←
→ feature based task recommendation in crowdsourcing with implicit observations ; existing research in crowdsourcing has investigated how to recommend tasks to workers based on which task the workers have already completed , referred to as {\ em implicit feedback }. we , on the other hand , investigate the task recommendation problem , where we leverage both implicit feedback and explicit features of the task . we assume that we are given a set of workers , a set of tasks , interactions ( such as the number of times ←
→ elagage d ' un perceptron multicouches : utilisation de l ' analyse de la variance de la sensibilité des paramètres ; the stucture determination of a neural network for the modelisation of a system remain the core of the problem . within this framework , we propose a pruning algorithm of the network based on the use of the analysis of the sensitivity of the variance of all the parameters of the network . this algorithm will be tested on two examples of simulation and its performances will be compared with three ←
→ a batch , off - policy , actor - critic algorithm for optimizing the average reward ; we develop an off - policy actor - critic algorithm for learning an optimal policy from a training set composed of data from multiple individuals . this algorithm is developed with a view towards its use in mobile health .←
→ dynamic memory networks for visual and textual question answering ; neural network architectures with memory and attention mechanisms exhibit certain reasoning capabilities required for question answering . one such architecture , the dynamic memory network ( dmn ), obtained high accuracy on a variety of language tasks . however , it was not shown whether the architecture achieves strong results for question answering when supporting facts are not marked during training or whether it could be applied to other mod ←
→ automated identification of drug - drug interactions in pediatric congestive heart failure patients ; congestive heart failure , or chf , is a serious medical condition that can result in fluid buildup in the body as a result of a weak heart . when the heart can ' t pump enough blood to efficiently deliver nutrients and oxygen to the body , kidney function may be impaired , resulting in fluid retention . chf patients require a broad drug regimen to maintain the delicate system balance , particularly between their he ←
→ critical parameters in particle swarm optimisation ; particle swarm optimisation is a metaheuristic algorithm which finds reasonable solutions in a wide range of applied problems if suitable parameters are used . we study the properties of the algorithm in the framework of random dynamical systems which , due to the quasi - linear swarm dynamics , yields analytical results for the stability properties of the particles . such considerations predict a relationship between the parameters of the algorithm that marks ←
→ low - rank tensor completion by truncated nuclear norm regularization ; currently , low - rank tensor completion has gained cumulative attention in recovering incomplete visual data whose partial elements are missing . by taking a color image or video as a three - dimensional ( 3d ) tensor , previous studies have suggested several definitions of tensor nuclear norm . however , they have limitations and may not properly approximate the real rank of a tensor . besides , they do not explicitly use the low - rank property in op ←
→ hatp : an htn planner for robotics ; hierarchical task network ( htn ) planning is a popular approach that cuts down on the classical planning search space by relying on a given hierarchical library of domain control knowledge . this provides an intuitive methodology for specifying high - level instructions on how robots and agents should perform tasks , while also giving the planner enough flexibility to choose the lower - level steps and their ordering . in this paper we present the hatp ( hierarchical agent - based t ←
→ shamela : a large - scale historical arabic corpus ; arabic is a widely - spoken language with a rich and long history spanning more than fourteen centuries . yet existing arabic corpora largely focus on the modern period or lack sufficient diachronic information . we develop a large - scale , historical corpus of arabic of about 1 billion words from diverse periods of time . we clean this corpus , process it with a morphological analyzer , and enhance it by detecting parallel passages and automatically dating undated t ←
→ a formalization of kant ' s second formulation of the categorical imperative ; we present a formalization and computational implementation of the second formulation of kant ' s categorical imperative . this ethical principle requires an agent to never treat someone merely as a means but always also as an end . here we interpret this principle in terms of how persons are causally affected by actions . we introduce kantian causal agency models in which moral patients , actions , goals , and causal influence are repre ←
→ predictive modelling of bone age through classification and regression of bone shapes ; bone age assessment is a task performed daily in hospitals worldwide . this involves a clinician estimating the age of a patient from a radiograph of the non - dominant hand . our approach to automated bone age assessment is to modularise the algorithm into the following three stages : segment and verify hand outline ; segment and verify bones ; use the bone outlines to construct models of age . in this paper we address the ←
→ hot swapping for online adaptation of optimization hyperparameters ; we describe a general framework for online adaptation of optimization hyperparameters by ` hot swapping ' their values during learning . we investigate this approach in the context of adaptive learning rate selection using an explore - exploit strategy from the multi - armed bandit literature . experiments on a benchmark neural network show that the hot swapping approach leads to consistently better solutions compared to well - known alternatives su ←
→ evolutionary optimization of an experimental apparatus ; in recent decades , cold atom experiments have become increasingly complex . while computers control most parameters , optimization is mostly done manually . this is a time - consuming task for a high - dimensional parameter space with unknown correlations . here we automate this process using a genetic algorithm based on differential evolution . we demonstrate that this algorithm optimizes 21 correlated parameters and that it is robust against local maxima and ←
→ much ado about time : exhaustive annotation of temporal data ; large - scale annotated datasets allow ai systems to learn from and build upon the knowledge of the crowd . many crowdsourcing techniques have been developed for collecting image annotations . these techniques often implicitly rely on the fact that a new input image takes a negligible amount of time to perceive . in contrast , we investigate and determine the most cost - effective way of obtaining high - quality multi - label annotations for temporal data su ←
→ cheap bandits ; we consider stochastic sequential learning problems where the learner can observe the \ textit { average reward of several actions }. such a setting is interesting in many applications involving monitoring and surveillance , where the set of the actions to observe represent some ( geographical ) area . the importance of this setting is that in these applications , it is actually \ textit { cheaper } to observe average reward of a group of actions rather than the reward of a single action . we show that wh ←
→ detecting the large entries of a sparse covariance matrix in sub - quadratic time ; the covariance matrix of a $ p $- dimensional random variable is a fundamental quantity in data analysis . given $ n $ i . i . d . observations , it is typically estimated by the sample covariance matrix , at a computational cost of $ o ( np ^{ 2 })$ operations . when $ n , p $ are large , this computation may be prohibitively slow . moreover , in several contemporary applications , the population matrix is approximately sparse , and only its few large ←
→ atp and presentation service for mizar formalizations ; this paper describes the automated reasoning for mizar ( mizar ) service , which integrates several automated reasoning , artificial intelligence , and presentation tools with mizar and its authoring environment . the service provides atp assistance to mizar authors in finding and explaining proofs , and offers generation of mizar problems as challenges to atp systems . the service is based on a sound translation from the mizar language to that of first - order ←
→ conceptual knowledge markup language : the central core ; the conceptual knowledge framework oml / ckml needs several components for a successful design . one important , but previously overlooked , component is the central core of oml / ckml . the central core provides a theoretical link between the ontological specification in oml and the conceptual knowledge representation in ckml . this paper discusses the formal semantics and syntactic styles of the central core , and also the important role it plays in defining ←
→ learning deep dynamical models from image pixels ; modeling dynamical systems is important in many disciplines , e . g ., control , robotics , or neurotechnology . commonly the state of these systems is not directly observed , but only available through noisy and potentially high - dimensional observations . in these cases , system identification , i . e ., finding the measurement mapping and the transition mapping ( system dynamics ) in latent space can be challenging . for linear system dynamics and measurement mappings eff ←
→ a simple efficient density estimator that enables fast systematic search ; this paper introduces a simple and efficient density estimator that enables fast systematic search . to show its advantage over commonly used kernel density estimator , we apply it to outlying aspects mining . outlying aspects mining discovers feature subsets ( or subspaces ) that describe how a query stand out from a given dataset . the task demands a systematic search of subspaces . we identify that existing outlying aspects miners are re ←
→ deepisp : learning end - to - end image processing pipeline ; we present deepisp , a full end - to - end deep neural model of the camera image signal processing ( isp ) pipeline . our model learns a mapping from the raw low - light mosaiced image to the final visually compelling image and encompasses low - level tasks such as demosaicing and denoising as well as higher - level tasks such as color correction and image adjustment . the training and evaluation of the pipeline was performed on a dedicated dataset containing pairs ←
→ offline specialisation in prolog using a hand - written compiler generator ; the so called `` cogen approach '' to program specialisation , writing a compiler generator instead of a specialiser , has been used with considerable success in partial evaluation of both functional and imperative languages . this paper demonstrates that the cogen approach is also applicable to the specialisation of logic programs ( also called partial deduction ) and leads to effective specialisers . moreover , using good binding - time annot ←
→ utcnn : a deep learning model of stance classificationon on social media text ; most neural network models for document classification on social media focus on text infor - mation to the neglect of other information on these platforms . in this paper , we classify post stance on social media channels and develop utcnn , a neural network model that incorporates user tastes , topic tastes , and user comments on posts . utcnn not only works on social media texts , but also analyzes texts in forums and message boards . ←
→ human action recognition using factorized spatio - temporal convolutional networks ; human actions in video sequences are three - dimensional ( 3d ) spatio - temporal signals characterizing both the visual appearance and motion dynamics of the involved humans and objects . inspired by the success of convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) for image classification , recent attempts have been made to learn 3d cnns for recognizing human actions in videos . however , partly due to the high complexity of training 3d convoluti ←
→ unsupervised feature analysis with class margin optimization ; unsupervised feature selection has been always attracting research attention in the communities of machine learning and data mining for decades . in this paper , we propose an unsupervised feature selection method seeking a feature coefficient matrix to select the most distinctive features . specifically , our proposed algorithm integrates the maximum margin criterion with a sparsity - based model into a joint framework , where the class margin and fea ←
→ fast and accurate recurrent neural network acoustic models for speech recognition ; we have recently shown that deep long short - term memory ( lstm ) recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) outperform feed forward deep neural networks ( dnns ) as acoustic models for speech recognition . more recently , we have shown that the performance of sequence trained context dependent ( cd ) hidden markov model ( hmm ) acoustic models using such lstm rnns can be equaled by sequence trained phone models initialized with connectionist ←
→ data , depth , and design : learning reliable models for melanoma screening ; state of the art on melanoma screening evolved rapidly in the last two years , with the adoption of deep learning . those models , however , pose challenges of their own , as they are expensive to train and difficult to parameterize . objective : we investigate the methodological issues for designing and evaluating deep learning models for melanoma screening , by exploring nine choices often faced to design deep networks : model architecture ,←
→ spotting separator points at line terminals in compressed document images for text - line segmentation ; line separators are used to segregate text - lines from one another in document image analysis . finding the separator points at every line terminal in a document image would enable text - line segmentation . in particular , identifying the separators in handwritten text could be a thrilling exercise . obviously it would be challenging to perform this in the compressed version of a document image and that is the ←
→ optimizing gotools ' search heuristics using genetic algorithms ; gotools is a program which solves life & death problems in the game of go . this paper describes experiments using a genetic algorithm to optimize heuristic weights used by gotools ' tree - search . the complete set of heuristic weights is composed of different subgroups , each of which can be optimized with a suitable fitness function . as a useful side product , an mpi interface for freepascal was implemented to allow the use of a parallelized fitne ←
→ an algorithm based on empirical methods , for text - to - tuneful - speech synthesis of sanskrit verse ; the rendering of sanskrit poetry from text to speech is a problem that has not been solved before . one reason may be the complications in the language itself . we present unique algorithms based on extensive empirical analysis , to synthesize speech from a given text input of sanskrit verses . using a pre - recorded audio units database which is itself tremendously reduced in size compared to the colossal size tha ←
→ syntactic phylogenetic trees ; in this paper we identify several serious problems that arise in the use of syntactic data from the sswl database for the purpose of computational phylogenetic reconstruction . we show that the most naive approach fails to produce reliable linguistic phylogenetic trees . we identify some of the sources of the observed problems and we discuss how they may be , at least partly , corrected by using additional information , such as prior subdivision into language families and subfamili ←
→ texture classification in extreme scale variations using ganet ; research in texture recognition often concentrates on recognizing textures with intraclass variations such as illumination , rotation , viewpoint and small scale changes . in contrast , in real - world applications a change in scale can have a dramatic impact on texture appearance , to the point of changing completely from one texture category to another . as a result , texture variations due to changes in scale are amongst the hardest to handle . in th ←
→ reasoning in the owl 2 full ontology language using first - order automated theorem proving ; owl 2 has been standardized by the world wide web consortium ( w3c ) as a family of ontology languages for the semantic web . the most expressive of these languages is owl 2 full , but to date no reasoner has been implemented for this language . consistency and entailment checking are known to be undecidable for owl 2 full . we have translated a large fragment of the owl 2 full semantics into first - order logic , and used ←
→ cost - based feature transfer for vehicle occupant classification ; knowledge of human presence and interaction in a vehicle is of growing interest to vehicle manufacturers for design and safety purposes . we present a framework to perform the tasks of occupant detection and occupant classification for automatic child locks and airbag suppression . it operates for all passenger seats , using a single overhead camera . a transfer learning technique is introduced to make full use of training data from all seats whi ←
→ neuronal synchrony in complex - valued deep networks ; deep learning has recently led to great successes in tasks such as image recognition ( e . g krizhevsky et al ., 2012 ). however , deep networks are still outmatched by the power and versatility of the brain , perhaps in part due to the richer neuronal computations available to cortical circuits . the challenge is to identify which neuronal mechanisms are relevant , and to find suitable abstractions to model them . here , we show how aspects of spike timing , long hy ←
→ an iterative regression approach for face pose estimation from rgb images ; this paper presents a iterative optimization method , explicit shape regression , for face pose detection and localization . the regression function is learnt to find out the entire facial shape and minimize the alignment errors . a cascaded learning framework is employed to enhance shape constraint during detection . a combination of a two - level boosted regression , shape indexed features and a correlation - based feature selection metho ←
→ multi - task learning for speaker - role adaptation in neural conversation models ; building a persona - based conversation agent is challenging owing to the lack of large amounts of speaker - specific conversation data for model training . this paper addresses the problem by proposing a multi - task learning approach to training neural conversation models that leverages both conversation data across speakers and other types of data pertaining to the speaker and speaker roles to be modeled . experiments show that our ←
→ solving inverse problems with piecewise linear estimators : from gaussian mixture models to structured sparsity ; a general framework for solving image inverse problems is introduced in this paper . the approach is based on gaussian mixture models , estimated via a computationally efficient map - em algorithm . a dual mathematical interpretation of the proposed framework with structured sparse estimation is described , which shows that the resulting piecewise linear estimate stabilizes the estimation when compar ←
→ genetic approach for arabic part of speech tagging ; with the growing number of textual resources available , the ability to understand them becomes critical . an essential first step in understanding these sources is the ability to identify the part of speech in each sentence . arabic is a morphologically rich language , wich presents a challenge for part of speech tagging . in this paper , our goal is to propose , improve and implement a part of speech tagger based on a genetic alorithm . the accuracy obtained wi ←
→ anytime state - based solution methods for decision processes with non - markovian rewards ; a popular approach to solving a decision process with non - markovian rewards ( nmrdp ) is to exploit a compact representation of the reward function to automatically translate the nmrdp into an equivalent markov decision process ( mdp ) amenable to our favorite mdp solution method . the contribution of this paper is a representation of non - markovian reward functions and a translation into mdp aimed at making the best possib ←
→ a goal - based movement model for continuous multi - agent tasks ; despite increasing attention paid to the need for fast , scalable methods to analyze next - generation neuroscience data , comparatively little attention has been paid to the development of similar methods for behavioral analysis . just as the volume and complexity of brain data have grown , behavioral paradigms in systems neuroscience have likewise become more naturalistic and less constrained , necessitating an increase in the flexibility and scalabi ←
→ ikbt : solving closed - form inverse kinematics with behavior tree ; serial robot arms have complicated kinematic equations which must be solved to write effective arm planning and control software ( the inverse kinematics problem ). existing software packages for inverse kinematics often rely on numerical methods which have significant shortcomings . here we report a new symbolic inverse kinematics solver which overcomes the limitations of numerical methods , and the shortcomings of previous symbolic software pac ←
→ sliced wasserstein distance for learning gaussian mixture models ; gaussian mixture models ( gmm ) are powerful parametric tools with many applications in machine learning and computer vision . expectation maximization ( em ) is the most popular algorithm for estimating the gmm parameters . however , em guarantees only convergence to a stationary point of the log - likelihood function , which could be arbitrarily worse than the optimal solution . inspired by the relationship between the negative log - likelihood functio ←
→ cross - language domain adaptation for classifying crisis - related short messages ; rapid crisis response requires real - time analysis of messages . after a disaster happens , volunteers attempt to classify tweets to determine needs , e . g ., supplies , infrastructure damage , etc . given labeled data , supervised machine learning can help classify these messages . scarcity of labeled data causes poor performance in machine training . can we reuse old tweets to train classifiers ? how can we choose labeled tweets for tra ←
→ efficient latent variable graphical model selection via split bregman method ; we consider the problem of covariance matrix estimation in the presence of latent variables . under suitable conditions , it is possible to learn the marginal covariance matrix of the observed variables via a tractable convex program , where the concentration matrix of the observed variables is decomposed into a sparse matrix ( representing the graphical structure of the observed variables ) and a low rank matrix ( representing the m ←
→ sequence to sequence networks for roman - urdu to urdu transliteration ; neural machine translation models have replaced the conventional phrase based statistical translation methods since the former takes a generic , scalable , data - driven approach rather than relying on manual , hand - crafted features . the neural machine translation system is based on one neural network that is composed of two parts , one that is responsible for input language sentence and other part that handles the desired output language sent ←
→ the power of depth for feedforward neural networks ; we show that there is a simple ( approximately radial ) function on $\ reals ^ d $, expressible by a small 3 - layer feedforward neural networks , which cannot be approximated by any 2 - layer network , to more than a certain constant accuracy , unless its width is exponential in the dimension . the result holds for virtually all known activation functions , including rectified linear units , sigmoids and thresholds , and formally demonstrates that depth -- even if increa ←
→ a survey and classification of controlled natural languages ; what is here called controlled natural language ( cnl ) has traditionally been given many different names . especially during the last four decades , a wide variety of such languages have been designed . they are applied to improve communication among humans , to improve translation , or to provide natural and intuitive representations for formal notations . despite the apparent differences , it seems sensible to put all these languages under the same umb ←
→ an odds ratio based inference engine ; expert systems applications that involve uncertain inference can be represented by a multidimensional contingency table . these tables offer a general approach to inferring with uncertain evidence , because they can embody any form of association between any number of pieces of evidence and conclusions . ( simpler models may be required , however , if the number of pieces of evidence bearing on a conclusion is large .) this paper presents a method of using these tables to mak ←
→ learning wake - sleep recurrent attention models ; despite their success , convolutional neural networks are computationally expensive because they must examine all image locations . stochastic attention - based models have been shown to improve computational efficiency at test time , but they remain difficult to train because of intractable posterior inference and high variance in the stochastic gradient estimates . borrowing techniques from the literature on training deep generative models , we present the wake - sl ←
→ new inference rules for max - sat ; exact max - sat solvers , compared with sat solvers , apply little inference at each node of the proof tree . commonly used sat inference rules like unit propagation produce a simplified formula that preserves satisfiability but , unfortunately , solving the max - sat problem for the simplified formula is not equivalent to solving it for the original formula . in this paper , we define a number of original inference rules that , besides being applied efficiently , transform max - sat inst ←
→ classical vs . bayesian methods for linear system identification : point estimators and confidence sets ; this paper compares classical parametric methods with recently developed bayesian methods for system identification . a full bayes solution is considered together with one of the standard approximations based on the empirical bayes paradigm . results regarding point estimators for the impulse response as well as for confidence regions are reported .←
→ painter : a spatio - spectral image reconstruction algorithm for optical interferometry ; astronomical optical interferometers sample the fourier transform of the intensity distribution of a source at the observation wavelength . because of rapid perturbations caused by atmospheric turbulence , the phases of the complex fourier samples ( visibilities ) cannot be directly exploited . consequently , specific image reconstruction methods have been devised in the last few decades . modern polychromatic optical interfer ←
→ multi - relational learning at scale with admm ; learning from multiple - relational data which contains noise , ambiguities , or duplicate entities is essential to a wide range of applications such as statistical inference based on web linked data , recommender systems , computational biology , and natural language processing . these tasks usually require working with very large and complex datasets - e . g ., the web graph - however , current approaches to multi - relational learning are not practical for such scenarios ←
→ human in the loop : interactive passive automata learning via evidence - driven state - merging algorithms ; we present an interactive version of an evidence - driven state - merging ( edsm ) algorithm for learning variants of finite state automata . learning these automata often amounts to recovering or reverse engineering the model generating the data despite noisy , incomplete , or imperfectly sampled data sources rather than optimizing a purely numeric target function . domain expertise and human knowledge about the ←
→ optimistic agents are asymptotically optimal ; we use optimism to introduce generic asymptotically optimal reinforcement learning agents . they achieve , with an arbitrary finite or compact class of environments , asymptotically optimal behavior . furthermore , in the finite deterministic case we provide finite error bounds .←
→ random vector generation of a semantic space ; we show how random vectors and random projection can be implemented in the usual vector space model to construct a euclidean semantic space from a french synonym dictionary . we evaluate theoretically the resulting noise and show the experimental distribution of the similarities of terms in a neighborhood according to the choice of parameters . we also show that the schmidt orthogonalization process is applicable and can be used to separate homonyms with distinct ←
→ utilizing static analysis and code generation to accelerate neural networks ; as datasets continue to grow , neural network ( nn ) applications are becoming increasingly limited by both the amount of available computational power and the ease of developing high - performance applications . researchers often must have expert systems knowledge to make their algorithms run efficiently . although available computing power increases rapidly each year , algorithm efficiency is not able to keep pace due to the use of ge ←
→ reflectance adaptive filtering improves intrinsic image estimation ; separating an image into reflectance and shading layers poses a challenge for learning approaches because no large corpus of precise and realistic ground truth decompositions exists . the intrinsic images in the wild ~( iiw ) dataset provides a sparse set of relative human reflectance judgments , which serves as a standard benchmark for intrinsic images . a number of methods use iiw to learn statistical dependencies between the images and their ←
→ authoring case based training by document data extraction ; in this paper , we propose an scalable approach to modeling based upon word processing documents , and we describe the tool phoenix providing the technical infrastructure . for our training environment d3web . train , we developed a tool to extract case knowledge from existing documents , usually dismissal records , extending phoenix to d3web . caseimporter . independent authors used this tool to develop training systems , observing a significant decrease of ←
→ a paraconsistent tableau algorithm based on sign transformation in semantic web ; in an open , constantly changing and collaborative environment like the forthcoming semantic web , it is reasonable to expect that knowledge sources will contain noise and inaccuracies . it is well known , as the logical foundation of the semantic web , description logic is lack of the ability of tolerating inconsistent or incomplete data . recently , the ability of paraconsistent approaches in semantic web is weaker in this paper ,←
→ dsac - differentiable ransac for camera localization ; ransac is an important algorithm in robust optimization and a central building block for many computer vision applications . in recent years , traditionally hand - crafted pipelines have been replaced by deep learning pipelines , which can be trained in an end - to - end fashion . however , ransac has so far not been used as part of such deep learning pipelines , because its hypothesis selection procedure is non - differentiable . in this work , we present two differen ←
→ dynamic pricing with demand covariates ; we consider a firm that sells products over $ t $ periods without knowing the demand function . the firm sequentially sets prices to earn revenue and to learn the underlying demand function simultaneously . a natural heuristic for this problem , commonly used in practice , is greedy iterative least squares ( gils ). at each time period , gils estimates the demand as a linear function of the price by applying least squares to the set of prior prices and realized demands . then ←
→ understanding boltzmann machine and deep learning via a confident information first principle ; typical dimensionality reduction methods focus on directly reducing the number of random variables while retaining maximal variations in the data . in this paper , we consider the dimensionality reduction in parameter spaces of binary multivariate distributions . we propose a general confident - information - first ( cif ) principle to maximally preserve parameters with confident estimates and rule out unreliable or noi ←
→ learning rotation for kernel correlation filter ; kernel correlation filters have shown a very promising scheme for visual tracking in terms of speed and accuracy on several benchmarks . however it suffers from problems that affect its performance like occlusion , rotation and scale change . this paper tries to tackle the problem of rotation by reformulating the optimization problem for learning the correlation filter . this modification ( rkcf ) includes learning rotation filter that utilizes circulant structure ←
→ gradient descent for spiking neural networks ; much of studies on neural computation are based on network models of static neurons that produce analog output , despite the fact that information processing in the brain is predominantly carried out by dynamic neurons that produce discrete pulses called spikes . research in spike - based computation has been impeded by the lack of efficient supervised learning algorithm for spiking networks . here , we present a gradient descent method for optimizing spiking network ←
→ tube convolutional neural network ( t - cnn ) for action detection in videos ; deep learning has been demonstrated to achieve excellent results for image classification and object detection . however , the impact of deep learning on video analysis ( e . g . action detection and recognition ) has been limited due to complexity of video data and lack of annotations . previous convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) based video action detection approaches usually consist of two major steps : frame - level action proposal detecti ←
→ formulation of deep reinforcement learning architecture toward autonomous driving for on - ramp merge ; multiple automakers have in development or in production automated driving systems ( ads ) that offer freeway - pilot functions . this type of ads is typically limited to restricted - access freeways only , that is , the transition from manual to automated modes takes place only after the ramp merging process is completed manually . one major challenge to extend the automation to ramp merging is that the automated ←
→ neural random forests ; given an ensemble of randomized regression trees , it is possible to restructure them as a collection of multilayered neural networks with particular connection weights . following this principle , we reformulate the random forest method of breiman ( 2001 ) into a neural network setting , and in turn propose two new hybrid procedures that we call neural random forests . both predictors exploit prior knowledge of regression trees for their architecture , have less parameters to tune than stan ←
→ a fuzzy based model to identify printed sinhala characters ( iciafs14 ) ; character recognition techniques for printed documents are widely used for english language . however , the systems that are implemented to recognize asian languages struggle to increase the accuracy of recognition . among other asian languages ( such as arabic , tamil , chinese ), sinhala characters are unique , mainly because they are round in shape . this unique feature makes it a challenge to extend the prevailing techniques to improve recog ←
→ an improved computer vision method for detecting white blood cells ; the automatic detection of white blood cells ( wbc ) still remains as an unsolved issue in medical imaging . the analysis of wbc images has engaged researchers from fields of medicine and computer vision alike . since wbc can be approximated by an ellipsoid form , an ellipse detector algorithm may be successfully applied in order to recognize them . this paper presents an algorithm for the automatic detection of wbc embedded into complicated and ←
→ optimism in reinforcement learning and kullback - leibler divergence ; we consider model - based reinforcement learning in finite markov de - cision processes ( mdps ), focussing on so - called optimistic strategies . in mdps , optimism can be implemented by carrying out extended value it - erations under a constraint of consistency with the estimated model tran - sition probabilities . the ucrl2 algorithm by auer , jaksch and ortner ( 2009 ), which follows this strategy , has recently been shown to guarantee near - optimal re ←
→ v2v - posenet : voxel - to - voxel prediction network for accurate 3d hand and human pose estimation from a single depth map ; most of the existing deep learning - based methods for 3d hand and human pose estimation from a single depth map are based on a common framework that takes a 2d depth map and directly regresses the 3d coordinates of keypoints , such as hand or human body joints , via 2d convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). the first weakness of this approach is the presence of perspective distortion in the ←
→ borel isomorphic dimensionality reduction of data and supervised learning ; in this project we further investigate the idea of reducing the dimensionality of datasets using a borel isomorphism with the purpose of subsequently applying supervised learning algorithms , as originally suggested by my supervisor v . pestov ( in 2011 dagstuhl preprint ). any consistent learning algorithm , for example knn , retains universal consistency after a borel isomorphism is applied . a series of concrete examples of borel isom ←
→ row - less universal schema ; universal schema jointly embeds knowledge bases and textual patterns to reason about entities and relations for automatic knowledge base construction and information extraction . in the past , entity pairs and relations were represented as learned vectors with compatibility determined by a scoring function , limiting generalization to unseen text patterns and entities . recently , ' column - less ' versions of universal schema have used compositional pattern encoders to generalize to all ←
→ graph based relational features for collective classification ; statistical relational learning ( srl ) methods have shown that classification accuracy can be improved by integrating relations between samples . techniques such as iterative classification or relaxation labeling achieve this by propagating information between related samples during the inference process . when only a few samples are labeled and connections between samples are sparse , collective inference methods have shown large improvements over ←
→ sub - sampled newton methods i : globally convergent algorithms ; large scale optimization problems are ubiquitous in machine learning and data analysis and there is a plethora of algorithms for solving such problems . many of these algorithms employ sub - sampling , as a way to either speed up the computations and / or to implicitly implement a form of statistical regularization . in this paper , we consider second - order iterative optimization algorithms and we provide bounds on the convergence of the variants of new ←
→ fitness - based adaptive control of parameters in genetic programming : adaptive value setting of mutation rate and flood mechanisms ; this paper concerns applications of genetic algorithms and genetic programming to tasks for which it is difficult to find a representation that does not map to a highly complex and discontinuous fitness landscape . in such cases the standard algorithm is prone to getting trapped in local extremes . the paper proposes several adaptive mechanisms that are useful in preventing the ←
→ two - manifold problems ; recently , there has been much interest in spectral approaches to learning manifolds --- so - called kernel eigenmap methods . these methods have had some successes , but their applicability is limited because they are not robust to noise . to address this limitation , we look at two - manifold problems , in which we simultaneously reconstruct two related manifolds , each representing a different view of the same data . by solving these interconnected learning problems together and allowing inform ←
→ optimal shrinkage of singular values under random data contamination ; a low rank matrix x has been contaminated by uniformly distributed noise , missing values , outliers and corrupt entries . reconstruction of x from the singular values and singular vectors of the contaminated matrix y is a key problem in machine learning , computer vision and data science . in this paper we show that common contamination models ( including arbitrary combinations of uniform noise , missing values , outliers and corrupt entries ) ca ←
→ an event - based fast movement detection algorithm for a positioning robot using powerlink communication ; this work develops a tracking system based on an event - based camera . a bioinspired filtering algorithm to reduce noise and transmitted data while keeping the main features at the scene is implemented in fpga which also serves as a network node . powerlink ieee 61158 industrial network is used to communicate the fpga with a controller connected to a self - developed two axis servo - controlled robot . the fpg ←
→ feature - guided black - box safety testing of deep neural networks ; despite the improved accuracy of deep neural networks , the discovery of adversarial examples has raised serious safety concerns . most existing approaches for crafting adversarial examples necessitate some knowledge ( architecture , parameters , etc .) of the network at hand . in this paper , we focus on image classifiers and propose a feature - guided black - box approach to test the safety of deep neural networks that requires no such knowledge . our a ←
→ fully automated myocardial infarction classification using ordinary differential equations ; portable , wearable and wireless electrocardiogram ( ecg ) systems have the potential to be used as point - of - care for cardiovascular disease diagnostic systems . such wearable and wireless ecg systems require automatic detection of cardiovascular disease . even in the primary care , automation of ecg diagnostic systems will improve efficiency of ecg diagnosis and reduce the minimal training requirement of local healthca ←
→ reinforced mnemonic reader for machine comprehension ; in this paper , we introduce the reinforced mnemonic reader for machine comprehension ( mc ) task , which aims to answer a query about a given context document . we propose several novel mechanisms that address critical problems in mc that are not adequately solved by previous works , such as enhancing the capacity of encoder , modeling long - term dependencies of contexts , refining the predicted answer span , and directly optimizing the evaluation metric . extens ←
→ why two sexes ? ; evolutionary role of the separation into two sexes from a cyberneticist ' s point of view . [ i translated this 1965 article from russian " nauka i zhizn " ( science and life ) in 1988 . in a popular form , the article puts forward several useful ideas not all of which even today are necessarily well known or widely accepted . boris lubachevsky , bdl @ bell - labs . com ]←
→ automatic measurement of pre - aspiration ; pre - aspiration is defined as the period of glottal friction occurring in sequences of vocalic / consonantal sonorants and phonetically voiceless obstruents . we propose two machine learning methods for automatic measurement of pre - aspiration duration : a feedforward neural network , which works at the frame level ; and a structured prediction model , which relies on manually designed feature functions , and works at the segment level . the input for both algorithms is a spee ←
→ visual transfer learning : informal introduction and literature overview ; transfer learning techniques are important to handle small training sets and to allow for quick generalization even from only a few examples . the following paper is the introduction as well as the literature overview part of my thesis related to the topic of transfer learning for visual recognition problems .←
→ flaw selection strategies for partial - order planning ; several recent studies have compared the relative efficiency of alternative flaw selection strategies for partial - order causal link ( pocl ) planning . we review this literature , and present new experimental results that generalize the earlier work and explain some of the discrepancies in it . in particular , we describe the least - cost flaw repair ( lcfr ) strategy developed and analyzed by joslin and pollack ( 1994 ), and compare it with other strategies , inclu ←
→ agent - based exploration of wirings of biological neural networks : position paper ; the understanding of human central nervous system depends on knowledge of its wiring . however , there are still gaps in our understanding of its wiring due to technical difficulties . while some information is coming out from human experiments , medical research is lacking of simulation models to put current findings together to obtain the global picture and to predict hypotheses to lead future experiments . agent - based modelin ←
→ organic computing in the spotlight ; organic computing is an initiative in the field of systems engineering that proposed to make use of concepts such as self - adaptation and self - organisation to increase the robustness of technical systems . based on the observation that traditional design and operation concepts reach their limits , transferring more autonomy to the systems themselves should result in a reduction of complexity for users , administrators , and developers . however , there seems to be a need for an ←
→ large - scale binary quadratic optimization using semidefinite relaxation and applications ; in computer vision , many problems such as image segmentation , pixel labelling , and scene parsing can be formulated as binary quadratic programs ( bqps ). for submodular problems , cuts based methods can be employed to efficiently solve large - scale problems . however , general nonsubmodular problems are significantly more challenging to solve . finding a solution when the problem is of large size to be of practical interes ←
→ image quality assessment guided deep neural networks training ; for many computer vision problems , the deep neural networks are trained and validated based on the assumption that the input images are pristine ( i . e ., artifact - free ). however , digital images are subject to a wide range of distortions in real application scenarios , while the practical issues regarding image quality in high level visual information understanding have been largely ignored . in this paper , in view of the fact that most widely deplo ←
→ feature importance scores and lossless feature pruning using banzhaf power indices ; understanding the influence of features in machine learning is crucial to interpreting models and selecting the best features for classification . in this work we propose the use of principles from coalitional game theory to reason about importance of features . in particular , we propose the use of the banzhaf power index as a measure of influence of features on the outcome of a classifier . we show that features having banz ←
→ end - to - end audiovisual fusion with lstms ; several end - to - end deep learning approaches have been recently presented which simultaneously extract visual features from the input images and perform visual speech classification . however , research on jointly extracting audio and visual features and performing classification is very limited . in this work , we present an end - to - end audiovisual model based on bidirectional long short - term memory ( blstm ) networks . to the best of our knowledge , this is the first audio ←
→ design , implementation , and cooperative coevolution of an autonomous / teleoperated control system for a serpentine robotic manipulator ; design , implementation , and machine learning issues associated with developing a control system for a serpentine robotic manipulator are explored . the controller developed provides autonomous control of the serpentine robotic manipulatorduring operation of the manipulator within an enclosed environment such as an underground storage tank . the controller algorithms make u ←
→ global minimization of a quadratic functional : neural network approach ; the problem of finding out the global minimum of a multiextremal functional is discussed . one frequently faces with such a functional in various applications . we propose a procedure , which depends on the dimensionality of the problem polynomially . in our approach we use the eigenvalues and eigenvectors of the connection matrix .←
→ image denoising with kernels based on natural image relations ; a successful class of image denoising methods is based on bayesian approaches working in wavelet representations . however , analytical estimates can be obtained only for particular combinations of analytical models of signal and noise , thus precluding its straightforward extension to deal with other arbitrary noise sources . in this paper , we propose an alternative non - explicit way to take into account the relations among natural image wavelet co ←
→ quantitative analysis of automatic image cropping algorithms : a dataset and comparative study ; automatic photo cropping is an important tool for improving visual quality of digital photos without resorting to tedious manual selection . traditionally , photo cropping is accomplished by determining the best proposal window through visual quality assessment or saliency detection . in essence , the performance of an image cropper highly depends on the ability to correctly rank a number of visually similar propos ←
→ detection of sclerotic spine metastases via random aggregation of deep convolutional neural network classifications ; automated detection of sclerotic metastases ( bone lesions ) in computed tomography ( ct ) images has potential to be an important tool in clinical practice and research . state - of - the - art methods show performance of 79 % sensitivity or true - positive ( tp ) rate , at 10 false - positives ( fp ) per volume . we design a two - tiered coarse - to - fine cascade framework to first operate a highly sensitive candi ←
→ decision support from financial disclosures with deep neural networks and transfer learning ; company disclosures greatly aid in the process of financial decision - making ; therefore , they are consulted by financial investors and automated traders before exercising ownership in stocks . while humans are usually able to correctly interpret the content , the same is rarely true of computerized decision support systems , which struggle with the complexity and ambiguity of natural language . a possible remedy is re ←
→ optical flow guided feature : a fast and robust motion representation for video action recognition ; motion representation plays a vital role in human action recognition in videos . in this study , we introduce a novel compact motion representation for video action recognition , named optical flow guided feature ( off ), which enables the network to distill temporal information through a fast and robust approach . the off is derived from the definition of optical flow and is orthogonal to the optical flow . by di ←
→ accelerating natural gradient with higher - order invariance ; an appealing property of the natural gradient is that it is invariant to arbitrary differentiable reparameterizations of the model . however , this invariance property requires infinitesimal steps and is lost in practical implementations with small but finite step sizes . in this paper , we study invariance properties from a combined perspective of riemannian geometry and numerical differential equation solving . we define the order of invariance of a ←
→ things bayes can ' t do ; the problem of forecasting conditional probabilities of the next event given the past is considered in a general probabilistic setting . given an arbitrary ( large , uncountable ) set c of predictors , we would like to construct a single predictor that performs asymptotically as well as the best predictor in c , on any data . here we show that there are sets c for which such predictors exist , but none of them is a bayesian predictor with a prior concentrated on c . in other words , there is a ←
→ optical flow on evolving sphere - like surfaces ; in this work we consider optical flow on evolving riemannian 2 - manifolds which can be parametrised from the 2 - sphere . our main motivation is to estimate cell motion in time - lapse volumetric microscopy images depicting fluorescently labelled cells of a live zebrafish embryo . we exploit the fact that the recorded cells float on the surface of the embryo and allow for the extraction of an image sequence together with a sphere - like surface . we solve the resulting ←
→ search tracker : human - derived object tracking in - the - wild through large - scale search and retrieval ; humans use context and scene knowledge to easily localize moving objects in conditions of complex illumination changes , scene clutter and occlusions . in this paper , we present a method to leverage human knowledge in the form of annotated video libraries in a novel search and retrieval based setting to track objects in unseen video sequences . for every video sequence , a document that represents motion infor ←
→ on l_1 mean and variance filtering ; this paper addresses the problem of segmenting a time - series with respect to changes in the mean value or in the variance . the first case is when the time data is modeled as a sequence of independent and normal distributed random variables with unknown , possibly changing , mean value but fixed variance . the main assumption is that the mean value is piecewise constant in time , and the task is to estimate the change times and the mean values within the segments . the second ←
→ polynomial time efficient construction heuristics for vertex separation minimization problem ; vertex separation minimization problem ( vsmp ) consists of finding a layout of a graph g = ( v , e ) which minimizes the maximum vertex cut or separation of a layout . it is an np - complete problem in general for which metaheuristic techniques can be applied to find near optimal solution . vsmp has applications in vlsi design , graph drawing and computer language compiler design . vsmp is polynomially solvable for grids , ←
→ object referring in videos with language and human gaze ; we investigate the problem of object referring ( or ) i . e . to localize a target object in a visual scene coming with a language description . humans perceive the world more as continued video snippets than as static images , and describe objects not only by their appearance , but also by their temporal - spatial contexts and motion features . humans also gaze at the object when they issue a referring expression . existing works for or mostly focus on static i ←
→ hyperplane arrangements and locality - sensitive hashing with lift ; locality - sensitive hashing converts high - dimensional feature vectors , such as image and speech , into bit arrays and allows high - speed similarity calculation with the hamming distance . there is a hashing scheme that maps feature vectors to bit arrays depending on the signs of the inner products between feature vectors and the normal vectors of hyperplanes placed in the feature space . this hashing can be seen as a discretization of the feature ←
→ path : person authentication using trace histories ; in this paper , a solution to the problem of active authentication using trace histories is addressed . specifically , the task is to perform user verification on mobile devices using historical location traces of the user as a function of time . considering the movement of a human as a markovian motion , a modified hidden markov model ( hmm )- based solution is proposed . the proposed method , namely the marginally smoothed hmm ( mshmm ), utilizes the marginal probab ←
→ mdbrief - a fast online adaptable , distorted binary descriptor for real - time applications using calibrated wide - angle or fisheye cameras ; fast binary descriptors build the core for many vision based applications with real - time demands like object detection , visual odometry or slam . commonly it is assumed , that the acquired images and thus the patches extracted around keypoints originate from a perspective projection ignoring image distortion or completely different types of projections such as omnidirect ←
→ agent - centric risk assessment : accident anticipation and risky region localization ; for survival , a living agent must have the ability to assess risk ( 1 ) by temporally anticipating accidents before they occur , and ( 2 ) by spatially localizing risky regions in the environment to move away from threats . in this paper , we take an agent - centric approach to study the accident anticipation and risky region localization tasks . we propose a novel soft - attention recurrent neural network ( rnn ) which explicitly mode ←
→ image restoration by iterative denoising and backward projections ; inverse problems appear in many applications such as image deblurring and inpainting . the common approach to address them is to design a specific algorithm for each problem . the plug - and - play ( p & p ) framework , which has been recently introduced , allows solving general inverse problems by leveraging the impressive capabilities of existing denoising algorithms . while this fresh strategy has found many applications , a burdensome parameter tunin ←
→ memory bounded deep convolutional networks ; in this work , we investigate the use of sparsity - inducing regularizers during training of convolution neural networks ( cnns ). these regularizers encourage that fewer connections in the convolution and fully connected layers take non - zero values and in effect result in sparse connectivity between hidden units in the deep network . this in turn reduces the memory and runtime cost involved in deploying the learned cnns . we show that training with such regularization ←
→ persian wordnet construction using supervised learning ; this paper presents an automated supervised method for persian wordnet construction . using a persian corpus and a bi - lingual dictionary , the initial links between persian words and princeton wordnet synsets have been generated . these links will be discriminated later as correct or incorrect by employing seven features in a trained classification system . the whole method is just a classification system , which has been trained on a train set containing ←
→ using the distribution of performance for studying statistical nlp systems and corpora ; statistical nlp systems are frequently evaluated and compared on the basis of their performances on a single split of training and test data . results obtained using a single split are , however , subject to sampling noise . in this paper we argue in favour of reporting a distribution of performance figures , obtained by resampling the training data , rather than a single number . the additional information from distribution ←
→ concentric network symmetry grasps authors ' styles in word adjacency networks ; several characteristics of written texts have been inferred from statistical analysis derived from networked models . even though many network measurements have been adapted to study textual properties at several levels of complexity , some textual aspects have been disregarded . in this paper , we study the symmetry of word adjacency networks , a well - known representation of text as a graph . a statistical analysis of the symmetry ←
→ group invariant scattering ; this paper constructs translation invariant operators on l2 ( r ^ d ), which are lipschitz continuous to the action of diffeomorphisms . a scattering propagator is a path ordered product of non - linear and non - commuting operators , each of which computes the modulus of a wavelet transform . a local integration defines a windowed scattering transform , which is proved to be lipschitz continuous to the action of diffeomorphisms . as the window size increases , it converges to a wavelet scatte ←
→ learning large - scale bayesian networks with the sparsebn package ; learning graphical models from data is an important problem with wide applications , ranging from genomics to the social sciences . nowadays datasets often have upwards of thousands --- sometimes tens or hundreds of thousands --- of variables and far fewer samples . to meet this challenge , we have developed a new r package called sparsebn for learning the structure of large , sparse graphical models with a focus on bayesian networks . while there are ←
→ uniresolution representations of white - matter data from cocomac ; tracing data as collated by cocomac , a seminal neuroinformatics database , is at multiple resolutions -- white matter tracts were studied for areas and their subdivisions by different reports . network theoretic analysis of this multi - resolution data often assumes that the data at various resolutions is equivalent , which may not be correct . in this paper we propose three methods to resolve the multi - resolution issue such that the resultant netw ←
→ speech enhancement modeling towards robust speech recognition system ; form about four decades human beings have been dreaming of an intelligent machine which can master the natural speech . in its simplest form , this machine should consist of two subsystems , namely automatic speech recognition ( asr ) and speech understanding ( su ). the goal of asr is to transcribe natural speech while su is to understand the meaning of the transcription . recognizing and understanding a spoken sentence is obviously a knowledge ←
→ diverse m - best solutions by dynamic programming ; many computer vision pipelines involve dynamic programming primitives such as finding a shortest path or the minimum energy solution in a tree - shaped probabilistic graphical model . in such cases , extracting not merely the best , but the set of m - best solutions is useful to generate a rich collection of candidate proposals that can be used in downstream processing . in this work , we show how m - best solutions of tree - shaped graphical models can be obtained by dy ←
→ an approach to solve linear equations using a time - variant adaptation based hybrid evolutionary algorithm ; for small number of equations , systems of linear ( and sometimes nonlinear ) equations can be solved by simple classical techniques . however , for large number of systems of linear ( or nonlinear ) equations , solutions using classical method become arduous . on the other hand evolutionary algorithms have mostly been used to solve various optimization and learning problems . recently , hybridization of evolu ←
→ wespe : weakly supervised photo enhancer for digital cameras ; low - end and compact mobile cameras demonstrate limited photo quality mainly due to space , hardware and budget constraints . in this work , we propose a deep learning solution that translates photos taken by cameras with limited capabilities into dslr - quality photos automatically . we tackle this problem by introducing a weakly supervised photo enhancer ( wespe ) - a novel image - to - image generative adversarial network - based architecture . the proposed m ←
→ openml : an r package to connect to the machine learning platform openml ; openml is an online machine learning platform where researchers can easily share data , machine learning tasks and experiments as well as organize them online to work and collaborate more efficiently . in this paper , we present an r package to interface with the openml platform and illustrate its usage in combination with the machine learning r package mlr . we show how the openml package allows r users to easily search , download and upl ←
→ toward streaming synapse detection with compositional convnets ; connectomics is an emerging field in neuroscience that aims to reconstruct the 3 - dimensional morphology of neurons from electron microscopy ( em ) images . recent studies have successfully demonstrated the use of convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) for segmenting cell membranes to individuate neurons . however , there has been comparatively little success in high - throughput identification of the intercellular synaptic connections required for ←
→ a radically new theory of how the brain represents and computes with probabilities ; the brain is believed to implement probabilistic reasoning and to represent information via population , or distributed , coding . most previous population - based probabilistic ( ppc ) theories share several basic properties : 1 ) continuous - valued neurons ; 2 ) fully ( densely )- distributed codes , i . e ., all ( most ) units participate in every code ; 3 ) graded synapses ; 4 ) rate coding ; 5 ) units have innate unimodal tuning functions ( tfs );←
→ dct based texture classification using soft computing approach ; classification of texture pattern is one of the most important problems in pattern recognition . in this paper , we present a classification method based on the discrete cosine transform ( dct ) coefficients of texture image . as dct works on gray level image , the color scheme of each image is transformed into gray levels . for classifying the images using dct we used two popular soft computing techniques namely neurocomputing and neuro - fuzzy comput ←
→ embedded real - time stereo estimation via semi - global matching on the gpu ; dense , robust and real - time computation of depth information from stereo - camera systems is a computationally demanding requirement for robotics , advanced driver assistance systems ( adas ) and autonomous vehicles . semi - global matching ( sgm ) is a widely used algorithm that propagates consistency constraints along several paths across the image . this work presents a real - time system producing reliable disparity estimation results on the ←
→ enhanced estimation of autoregressive wind power prediction model using constriction factor particle swarm optimization ; accurate forecasting is important for cost - effective and efficient monitoring and control of the renewable energy based power generation . wind based power is one of the most difficult energy to predict accurately , due to the widely varying and unpredictable nature of wind energy . although autoregressive ( ar ) techniques have been widely used to create wind power models , they have shown ←
→ source separation and higher - order causal analysis of meg and eeg ; separation of the sources and analysis of their connectivity have been an important topic in eeg / meg analysis . to solve this problem in an automatic manner , we propose a two - layer model , in which the sources are conditionally uncorrelated from each other , but not independent ; the dependence is caused by the causality in their time - varying variances ( envelopes ). the model is identified in two steps . we first propose a new source separation t ←
→ online tracking of skin colour regions against a complex background ; online tracking of human activity against a complex background is a challenging task for many applications . in this paper , we have developed a robust technique for localizing skin colour regions from unconstrained image frames . a simple and fast segmentation algorithm is used to train a multiplayer perceptron ( mlp ) for detection of skin colours . stepper motors are synchronized with the mlp to track the movement of the skin colour regions .←
→ every filter extracts a specific texture in convolutional neural networks ; many works have concentrated on visualizing and understanding the inner mechanism of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) by generating images that activate some specific neurons , which is called deep visualization . however , it is still unclear what the filters extract from images intuitively . in this paper , we propose a modified code inversion algorithm , called feature map inversion , to understand the function of filter of intere ←
→ diversifying sparsity using variational determinantal point processes ; we propose a novel diverse feature selection method based on determinantal point processes ( dpps ). our model enables one to flexibly define diversity based on the covariance of features ( similar to orthogonal matching pursuit ) or alternatively based on side information . we introduce our approach in the context of bayesian sparse regression , employing a dpp as a variational approximation to the true spike and slab posterior distribution .←
→ entropy inference and the james - stein estimator , with application to nonlinear gene association networks ; we present a procedure for effective estimation of entropy and mutual information from small - sample data , and apply it to the problem of inferring high - dimensional gene association networks . specifically , we develop a james - stein - type shrinkage estimator , resulting in a procedure that is highly efficient statistically as well as computationally . despite its simplicity , we show that it outperforms eig ←
→ equitability analysis of the maximal information coefficient , with comparisons ; a measure of dependence is said to be equitable if it gives similar scores to equally noisy relationships of different types . equitability is important in data exploration when the goal is to identify a relatively small set of strongest associations within a dataset as opposed to finding as many non - zero associations as possible , which often are too many to sift through . thus an equitable statistic , such as the maximal inform ←
→ online principal component analysis in high dimension : which algorithm to choose ? ; in the current context of data explosion , online techniques that do not require storing all data in memory are indispensable to routinely perform tasks like principal component analysis ( pca ). recursive algorithms that update the pca with each new observation have been studied in various fields of research and found wide applications in industrial monitoring , computer vision , astronomy , and latent semantic indexing , among ←
→ transportation analysis of denoising autoencoders : a novel method for analyzing deep neural networks ; the feature map obtained from the denoising autoencoder ( dae ) is investigated by determining transportation dynamics of the dae , which is a cornerstone for deep learning . despite the rapid development in its application , deep neural networks remain analytically unexplained , because the feature maps are nested and parameters are not faithful . in this paper , we address the problem of the formulation of nes ←
→ topology control of wireless sensor network using quantum inspired genetic algorithm ; in this work , an evolving linked quantum register has been introduced , which are group vector of binary pair of genes , which in its local proximity represent those nodes that will have high connectivity and keep the energy consumption at low , and which are taken into account for topology control . the register works in higher dimension . here order - 2 quantum inspired genetic algorithm has been used and also higher order c ←
→ comparison of ant - inspired gatherer allocation approaches using memristor - based environmental models ; memristors are used to compare three gathering techniques in an already - mapped environment where resource locations are known . the all site model , which apportions gatherers based on the modeled memristance of that path , proves to be good at increasing overall efficiency and decreasing time to fully deplete an environment , however it only works well when the resources are of similar quality . the leaf cut ←
→ sqlnet : generating structured queries from natural language without reinforcement learning ; synthesizing sql queries from natural language is a long - standing open problem and has been attracting considerable interest recently . toward solving the problem , the de facto approach is to employ a sequence - to - sequence - style model . such an approach will necessarily require the sql queries to be serialized . since the same sql query may have multiple equivalent serializations , training a sequence - to - sequence - style ←
→ an evolutionary approach to the identification of cellular automata based on partial observations ; in this paper we consider the identification problem of cellular automata ( cas ). the problem is defined and solved in the context of partial observations with time gaps of unknown length , i . e . pre - recorded , partial configurations of the system at certain , unknown time steps . a solution method based on a modified variant of a genetic algorithm ( ga ) is proposed and illustrated with brief experimental results .←
→ comparison of smt and rbmt ; the requirement of hybridization for marathi - hindi mt ; we present in this paper our work on comparison between statistical machine translation ( smt ) and rule - based machine translation for translation from marathi to hindi . rule based systems although robust take lots of time to build . on the other hand statistical machine translation systems are easier to create , maintain and improve upon . we describe the development of a basic marathi - hindi smt system and evaluate its perform ←
→ supervised learning in automatic channel selection for epileptic seizure detection ; detecting seizure using brain neuroactivations recorded by intracranial electroencephalogram ( ieeg ) has been widely used for monitoring , diagnosing , and closed - loop therapy of epileptic patients , however , computational efficiency gains are needed if state - of - the - art methods are to be implemented in implanted devices . we present a novel method for automatic seizure detection based on ieeg data that outperforms current stat ←
→ camera style adaptation for person re - identification ; being a cross - camera retrieval task , person re - identification suffers from image style variations caused by different cameras . the art implicitly addresses this problem by learning a camera - invariant descriptor subspace . in this paper , we explicitly consider this challenge by introducing camera style ( camstyle ) adaptation . camstyle can serve as a data augmentation approach that smooths the camera style disparities . specifically , with cyclegan , labeled t ←
→ introspective classification with convolutional nets ; we propose introspective convolutional networks ( icn ) that emphasize the importance of having convolutional neural networks empowered with generative capabilities . we employ a reclassification - by - synthesis algorithm to perform training using a formulation stemmed from the bayes theory . our icn tries to iteratively : ( 1 ) synthesize pseudo - negative samples ; and ( 2 ) enhance itself by improving the classification . the single cnn classifier learned is at the ←
→ ese : efficient speech recognition engine with sparse lstm on fpga ; long short - term memory ( lstm ) is widely used in speech recognition . in order to achieve higher prediction accuracy , machine learning scientists have built larger and larger models . such large model is both computation intensive and memory intensive . deploying such bulky model results in high power consumption and leads to high total cost of ownership ( tco ) of a data center . in order to speedup the prediction and make it energy efficient , we ←
→ discussion : latent variable graphical model selection via convex optimization ; discussion of " latent variable graphical model selection via convex optimization " by venkat chandrasekaran , pablo a . parrilo and alan s . willsky [ arxiv : 1008 . 1290 ].←
→ a unified approach to error bounds for structured convex optimization problems ; error bounds , which refer to inequalities that bound the distance of vectors in a test set to a given set by a residual function , have proven to be extremely useful in analyzing the convergence rates of a host of iterative methods for solving optimization problems . in this paper , we present a new framework for establishing error bounds for a class of structured convex optimization problems , in which the objective function is ←
→ improving object counting with heatmap regulation ; in this paper , we propose a simple and effective way to improve one - look regression models for object counting from images . we use class activation map visualizations to illustrate the drawbacks of learning a pure one - look regression model for a counting task . based on these insights , we enhance one - look regression counting models by regulating activation maps from the final convolution layer of the network with coarse ground - truth activation maps generate ←
→ a general unified framework for interval pairwise comparison matrices ; interval pairwise comparison matrices have been widely used to account for uncertain statements concerning the preferences of decision makers . several approaches have been proposed in the literature , such as multiplicative and fuzzy interval matrices . in this paper , we propose a general unified approach to interval pairwise comparison matrices , based on abelian linearly ordered groups . in this framework , we generalize some consistency c ←
→ feature based fuzzy rule base design for image extraction ; in the recent advancement of multimedia technologies , it becomes a major concern of detecting visual attention regions in the field of image processing . the popularity of the terminal devices in a heterogeneous environment of the multimedia technology gives us enough scope for the betterment of image visualization . although there exist numerous methods , feature based image extraction becomes a popular one in the field of image processing . the objec ←
→ distributed parameter estimation in probabilistic graphical models ; this paper presents foundational theoretical results on distributed parameter estimation for undirected probabilistic graphical models . it introduces a general condition on composite likelihood decompositions of these models which guarantees the global consistency of distributed estimators , provided the local estimators are consistent .←
→ changing the environment based on empowerment as intrinsic motivation ; one aspect of intelligence is the ability to restructure your own environment so that the world you live in becomes more beneficial to you . in this paper we investigate how the information - theoretic measure of agent empowerment can provide a task - independent , intrinsic motivation to restructure the world . we show how changes in embodiment and in the environment change the resulting behaviour of the agent and the artefacts left in the wo ←
→ matchzoo : a toolkit for deep text matching ; in recent years , deep neural models have been widely adopted for text matching tasks , such as question answering and information retrieval , showing improved performance as compared with previous methods . in this paper , we introduce the matchzoo toolkit that aims to facilitate the designing , comparing and sharing of deep text matching models . specifically , the toolkit provides a unified data preparation module for different text matching problems , a flexible layer ←
→ deep learning in customer churn prediction : unsupervised feature learning on abstract company independent feature vectors ; as companies increase their efforts in retaining customers , being able to predict accurately ahead of time , whether a customer will churn in the foreseeable future is an extremely powerful tool for any marketing team . the paper describes in depth the application of deep learning in the problem of churn prediction . using abstract feature vectors , that can generated on any subscription ←
→ joint hand detection and rotation estimation by using cnn ; hand detection is essential for many hand related tasks , e . g . parsing hand pose , understanding gesture , which are extremely useful for robotics and human - computer interaction . however , hand detection in uncontrolled environments is challenging due to the flexibility of wrist joint and cluttered background . we propose a deep learning based approach which detects hands and calibrates in - plane rotation under supervision at the same time . to guarantee ←
→ generating segment durations in a text - to - speech system : a hybrid rule - based / neural network approach ; a combination of a neural network with rule firing information from a rule - based system is used to generate segment durations for a text - to - speech system . the system shows a slight improvement in performance over a neural network system without the rule firing information . synthesized speech using segment durations was accepted by listeners as having about the same quality as speech generated using segme ←
→ actively avoiding nonsense in generative models ; a generative model may generate utter nonsense when it is fit to maximize the likelihood of observed data . this happens due to " model error ," i . e ., when the true data generating distribution does not fit within the class of generative models being learned . to address this , we propose a model of active distribution learning using a binary invalidity oracle that identifies some examples as clearly invalid , together with random positive examples sampled from th ←
→ a unifying framework for structural properties of csps : definitions , complexity , tractability ; literature on constraint satisfaction exhibits the definition of several structural properties that can be possessed by csps , like ( in ) consistency , substitutability or interchangeability . current tools for constraint solving typically detect such properties efficiently by means of incomplete yet effective algorithms , and use them to reduce the search space and boost search . in this paper , we provide a unifyin ←
→ exploiting multi - modal curriculum in noisy web data for large - scale concept learning ; learning video concept detectors automatically from the big but noisy web data with no additional manual annotations is a novel but challenging area in the multimedia and the machine learning community . a considerable amount of videos on the web are associated with rich but noisy contextual information , such as the title , which provides weak annotations or labels about the video content . to leverage the big noisy web la ←
→ verbal chunk extraction in french using limited resources ; a way of extracting french verbal chunks , inflected and infinitive , is explored and tested on effective corpus . declarative morphological and local grammar rules specifying chunks and some simple contextual structures are used , relying on limited lexical information and some simple heuristic / statistic properties obtained from restricted corpora . the specific goals , the architecture and the formalism of the system , the linguistic information on whic ←
→ finding street gang members on twitter ; most street gang members use twitter to intimidate others , to present outrageous images and statements to the world , and to share recent illegal activities . their tweets may thus be useful to law enforcement agencies to discover clues about recent crimes or to anticipate ones that may occur . finding these posts , however , requires a method to discover gang member twitter profiles . this is a challenging task since gang members represent a very small population of the 3 ←
→ near - optimal evasion of convex - inducing classifiers ; classifiers are often used to detect miscreant activities . we study how an adversary can efficiently query a classifier to elicit information that allows the adversary to evade detection at near - minimal cost . we generalize results of lowd and meek ( 2005 ) to convex - inducing classifiers . we present algorithms that construct undetected instances of near - minimal cost using only polynomially many queries in the dimension of the space and without reverse engin ←
→ dealing with a large number of classes -- likelihood , discrimination or ranking ? ; we consider training probabilistic classifiers in the case of a large number of classes . the number of classes is assumed too large to perform exact normalisation over all classes . to account for this we consider a simple approach that directly approximates the likelihood . we show that this simple approach works well on toy problems and is competitive with recently introduced alternative non - likelihood based approximations .←
→ zoom and learn : generalizing deep stereo matching to novel domains ; despite the recent success of stereo matching with convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), it remains arduous to generalize a pre - trained deep stereo model to a novel domain . a major difficulty is to collect accurate ground - truth disparities for stereo pairs in the target domain . in this work , we propose a self - adaptation approach for cnn training , utilizing both synthetic training data ( with ground - truth disparities ) and stereo pairs in the ←
→ probabilistic label relation graphs with ising models ; we consider classification problems in which the label space has structure . a common example is hierarchical label spaces , corresponding to the case where one label subsumes another ( e . g ., animal subsumes dog ). but labels can also be mutually exclusive ( e . g ., dog vs cat ) or unrelated ( e . g ., furry , carnivore ). to jointly model hierarchy and exclusion relations , the notion of a hex ( hierarchy and exclusion ) graph was introduced in [ 7 ]. this combined a co ←
→ exponential moving average model in parallel speech recognition training ; as training data rapid growth , large - scale parallel training with multi - gpus cluster is widely applied in the neural network model learning currently . we present a new approach that applies exponential moving average method in large - scale parallel training of neural network model . it is a non - interference strategy that the exponential moving average model is not broadcasted to distributed workers to update their local models after mod ←
→ english sentence recognition using artificial neural network through mouse - based gestures ; handwriting is one of the most important means of daily communication . although the problem of handwriting recognition has been considered for more than 60 years there are still many open issues , especially in the task of unconstrained handwritten sentence recognition . this paper focuses on the automatic system that recognizes continuous english sentence through a mouse - based gestures in real - time based on artifici ←
→ learning without concentration for general loss functions ; we study prediction and estimation problems using empirical risk minimization , relative to a general convex loss function . we obtain sharp error rates even when concentration is false or is very restricted , for example , in heavy - tailed scenarios . our results show that the error rate depends on two parameters : one captures the intrinsic complexity of the class , and essentially leads to the error rate in a noise - free ( or realizable ) problem ; the othe ←
→ ways of conditioning generative adversarial networks ; the gans are generative models whose random samples realistically reflect natural images . it also can generate samples with specific attributes by concatenating a condition vector into the input , yet research on this field is not well studied . we propose novel methods of conditioning generative adversarial networks ( gans ) that achieve state - of - the - art results on mnist and cifar - 10 . we mainly introduce two models : an information retrieving model that ext ←
→ camera fingerprint : a new perspective for identifying user ' s identity ; identifying user ' s identity is a key problem in many data mining applications , such as product recommendation , customized content delivery and criminal identification . given a set of accounts from the same or different social network platforms , user identification attempts to identify all accounts belonging to the same person . a commonly used solution is to build the relationship among different accounts by exploring their collective pa ←
→ a hybrid supervised - unsupervised method on image topic visualization with convolutional neural network and lda ; given the progress in image recognition with recent data driven paradigms , it ' s still expensive to manually label a large training data to fit a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) model . this paper proposes a hybrid supervised - unsupervised method combining a pre - trained alexnet with latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) to extract image topics from both an unlabeled life - logging dataset and the coc ←
→ articulated motion discovery using pairs of trajectories ; we propose an unsupervised approach for discovering characteristic motion patterns in videos of highly articulated objects performing natural , unscripted behaviors , such as tigers in the wild . we discover consistent patterns in a bottom - up manner by analyzing the relative displacements of large numbers of ordered trajectory pairs through time , such that each trajectory is attached to a different moving part on the object . the pairs of trajectories d ←
→ using deep convolutional networks for gesture recognition in american sign language ; in the realm of multimodal communication , sign language is , and continues to be , one of the most understudied areas . in line with recent advances in the field of deep learning , there are far reaching implications and applications that neural networks can have for sign language interpretation . in this paper , we present a method for using deep convolutional networks to classify images of both the the letters and digits in ←
→ fully dnn - based multi - label regression for audio tagging ; acoustic event detection for content analysis in most cases relies on lots of labeled data . however , manually annotating data is a time - consuming task , which thus makes few annotated resources available so far . unlike audio event detection , automatic audio tagging , a multi - label acoustic event classification task , only relies on weakly labeled data . this is highly desirable to some practical applications using audio analysis . in this paper we propos ←
→ exploration and exploitation in visuomotor prediction of autonomous agents ; this paper discusses various techniques to let an agent learn how to predict the effects of its own actions on its sensor data autonomously , and their usefulness to apply them to visual sensors . an extreme learning machine is used for visuomotor prediction , while various autonomous control techniques that can aid the prediction process by balancing exploration and exploitation are discussed and tested in a simple system : a camera ←
→ 3d shapenets : a deep representation for volumetric shapes ; 3d shape is a crucial but heavily underutilized cue in today ' s computer vision systems , mostly due to the lack of a good generic shape representation . with the recent availability of inexpensive 2 . 5d depth sensors ( e . g . microsoft kinect ), it is becoming increasingly important to have a powerful 3d shape representation in the loop . apart from category recognition , recovering full 3d shapes from view - based 2 . 5d depth maps is also a critical part of v ←
→ superposition - assisted stochastic optimization for hawkes processes ; we consider the learning of multi - agent hawkes processes , a model containing multiple hawkes processes with shared endogenous impact functions and different exogenous intensities . in the framework of stochastic maximum likelihood estimation , we explore the associated risk bound . further , we consider the superposition of hawkes processes within the model , and demonstrate that under certain conditions such an operation is beneficial for tig ←
→ using deep learning method for classification : a proposed algorithm for the isic 2017 skin lesion classification challenge ; skin cancer , the most common human malignancy , is primarily diagnosed visually by physicians [ 1 ]. classification with an automated method like cnn [ 2 , 3 ] shows potential for challenging tasks [ 1 ]. by now , the deep convolutional neural networks are on par with human dermatologist [ 1 ]. this abstract is dedicated on developing a deep learning method for isic [ 5 ] 2017 skin lesion detect ←
→ an empirically motivated reinterpretation of dependency grammar ; dependency grammar is usually interpreted as equivalent to a strict form of x -- bar theory that forbids the stacking of nodes of the same bar level ( e . g ., n ' immediately dominating n ' with the same head ). but adequate accounts of _one_ -- anaphora and of the semantics of multiple modifiers require such stacking and accordingly argue against dependency grammar . dependency grammar can be salvaged by reinterpreting its claims about phrase structure ←
→ seismic facies recognition based on prestack data using deep convolutional autoencoder ; prestack seismic data carries much useful information that can help us find more complex atypical reservoirs . therefore , we are increasingly inclined to use prestack seismic data for seis - mic facies recognition . however , due to the inclusion of ex - cessive redundancy , effective feature extraction from prestack seismic data becomes critical . in this paper , we consider seis - mic facies recognition based on prestack dat ←
→ plagiarism detection using rouge and wordnet ; with the arrival of digital era and internet , the lack of information control provides an incentive for people to freely use any content available to them . plagiarism occurs when users fail to credit the original owner for the content referred to , and such behavior leads to violation of intellectual property . two main approaches to plagiarism detection are fingerprinting and term occurrence ; however , one common weakness shared by both approaches , especially fin ←
→ artist agent : a reinforcement learning approach to automatic stroke generation in oriental ink painting ; oriental ink painting , called sumi - e , is one of the most appealing painting styles that has attracted artists around the world . major challenges in computer - based sumi - e simulation are to abstract complex scene information and draw smooth and natural brush strokes . to automatically find such strokes , we propose to model the brush as a reinforcement learning agent , and learn desired brush - trajectories ←
→ estimation of the volume of the left ventricle from mri images using deep neural networks ; segmenting human left ventricle ( lv ) in magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) images and calculating its volume are important for diagnosing cardiac diseases . in 2016 , kaggle organized a competition to estimate the volume of lv from mri images . the dataset consisted of a large number of cases , but only provided systole and diastole volumes as labels . we designed a system based on neural networks to solve this problem . i ←
→ reconstructing pompeian households ; a database of objects discovered in houses in the roman city of pompeii provides a unique view of ordinary life in an ancient city . experts have used this collection to study the structure of roman households , exploring the distribution and variability of tasks in architectural spaces , but such approaches are necessarily affected by modern cultural assumptions . in this study we present a data - driven approach to household archeology , treating it as an unsupervised labelin ←
→ hyperspectral unmixing : ground truth labeling , datasets , benchmark performances and survey ; hyperspectral unmixing ( hu ) is a very useful and increasingly popular preprocessing step for a wide range of hyperspectral applications . however , the hu research has been constrained a lot by three factors : ( a ) the number of hyperspectral images ( especially the ones with ground truths ) are very limited ; ( b ) the ground truths of most hyperspectral images are not shared on the web , which may cause lots of unnecessar ←
→ spatially directional predictive coding for block - based compressive sensing of natural images ; a novel coding strategy for block - based compressive sens - ing named spatially directional predictive coding ( sdpc ) is proposed , which efficiently utilizes the intrinsic spatial cor - relation of natural images . at the encoder , for each block of compressive sensing ( cs ) measurements , the optimal pre - diction is selected from a set of prediction candidates that are generated by four designed directional predictive mo ←
→ exact inference for relational graphical models with interpreted functions : lifted probabilistic inference modulo theories ; probabilistic inference modulo theories ( pimt ) is a recent framework that expands exact inference on graphical models to use richer languages that include arithmetic , equalities , and inequalities on both integers and real numbers . in this paper , we expand pimt to a lifted version that also processes random functions and relations . this enhancement is achieved by adapting inversion , ←
→ comprehensive feature - based landscape analysis of continuous and constrained optimization problems using the r - package flacco ; choosing the best - performing optimizer ( s ) out of a portfolio of optimization algorithms is usually a difficult and complex task . it gets even worse , if the underlying functions are unknown , i . e ., so - called black - box problems , and function evaluations are considered to be expensive . in the case of continuous single - objective optimization problems , exploratory landscape analysis ( e ←
→ firefly algorithm : recent advances and applications ; nature - inspired metaheuristic algorithms , especially those based on swarm intelligence , have attracted much attention in the last ten years . firefly algorithm appeared in about five years ago , its literature has expanded dramatically with diverse applications . in this paper , we will briefly review the fundamentals of firefly algorithm together with a selection of recent publications . then , we discuss the optimality associated with balancing exploration a ←
→ provably minimally - distorted adversarial examples ; the ability to deploy neural networks in real - world , safety - critical systems is severely limited by the presence of adversarial examples : slightly perturbed inputs that are misclassified by the network . in recent years , several techniques have been proposed for increasing robustness to adversarial examples --- and yet most of these have been quickly shown to be vulnerable to future attacks . for example , over half of the defenses proposed by papers accepted ←
→ a knowledge - based approach to semi - automatic annotation of multimedia documents via user adaptation ; current approaches to the annotation process focus on annotation schemas , languages for annotation , or are very application driven . in this paper it is proposed that a more flexible architecture for annotation requires a knowledge component to allow for flexible search and navigation of the annotated material . in particular , it is claimed that a general approach must take into account the needs , competenc ←
→ face recognition using principal component analysis and log - gabor filters ; in this article we propose a novel face recognition method based on principal component analysis ( pca ) and log - gabor filters . the main advantages of the proposed method are its simple implementation , training , and very high recognition accuracy . for recognition experiments we used 5151 face images of 1311 persons from different sets of the feret and ar databases that allow to analyze how recognition accuracy is affected by the cha ←
→ adadelay : delay adaptive distributed stochastic convex optimization ; we study distributed stochastic convex optimization under the delayed gradient model where the server nodes perform parameter updates , while the worker nodes compute stochastic gradients . we discuss , analyze , and experiment with a setup motivated by the behavior of real - world distributed computation networks , where the machines are differently slow at different time . therefore , we allow the parameter updates to be sensitive to the actual ←
→ fighting sample degeneracy and impoverishment in particle filters : a review of intelligent approaches ; during the last two decades there has been a growing interest in particle filtering ( pf ). however , pf suffers from two long - standing problems that are referred to as sample degeneracy and impoverishment . we are investigating methods that are particularly efficient at particle distribution optimization ( pdo ) to fight sample degeneracy and impoverishment , with an emphasis on intelligence choices . these me ←
→ spatial concept acquisition for a mobile robot that integrates self - localization and unsupervised word discovery from spoken sentences ; in this paper , we propose a novel unsupervised learning method for the lexical acquisition of words related to places visited by robots , from human continuous speech signals . we address the problem of learning novel words by a robot that has no prior knowledge of these words except for a primitive acoustic model . further , we propose a method that allows a robot to effect ←
→ supervised learning of short and high - dimensional temporal sequences for life science measurements ; the analysis of physiological processes over time are often given by spectrometric or gene expression profiles over time with only few time points but a large number of measured variables . the analysis of such temporal sequences is challenging and only few methods have been proposed . the information can be encoded time independent , by means of classical expression differences for a single time point or in ←
→ emphatic temporal - difference learning ; emphatic algorithms are temporal - difference learning algorithms that change their effective state distribution by selectively emphasizing and de - emphasizing their updates on different time steps . recent works by sutton , mahmood and white ( 2015 ), and yu ( 2015 ) show that by varying the emphasis in a particular way , these algorithms become stable and convergent under off - policy training with linear function approximation . this paper serves as a unified summary of the ava ←
→ process - oriented iterative multiple alignment for medical process mining ; adapted from biological sequence alignment , trace alignment is a process mining technique used to visualize and analyze workflow data . any analysis done with this method , however , is affected by the alignment quality . the best existing trace alignment techniques use progressive guide - trees to heuristically approximate the optimal alignment in o ( n2l2 ) time . these algorithms are heavily dependent on the selected guide - tree metric , ofte ←
→ incremental nonparametric weighted feature extraction for onlinesubspace pattern classification ; in this paper , a new online method based on nonparametric weighted feature extraction ( nwfe ) is proposed . nwfe was introduced to enjoy optimum characteristics of linear discriminant analysis ( lda ) and nonparametric discriminant analysis ( nda ) while rectifying their drawbacks . it emphasizes the points near decision boundary by putting greater weights on them and deemphasizes other points . incremental nonparame ←
→ kronecker pca based spatio - temporal modeling of video for dismount classification ; we consider the application of kronpca spatio - temporal modeling techniques [ greenewald et al 2013 , tsiligkaridis et al 2013 ] to the extraction of spatiotemporal features for video dismount classification . kronpca performs a low - rank type of dimensionality reduction that is adapted to spatio - temporal data and is characterized by the t frame multiframe mean and covariance of p spatial features . for further regularization and ←
→ weyl group orbit functions in image processing ; we deal with the fourier - like analysis of functions on discrete grids in two - dimensional simplexes using $ c -$ and $ e -$ weyl group orbit functions . for these cases we present the convolution theorem . we provide an example of application of image processing using the $ c -$ functions and the convolutions for spatial filtering of the treated image .←
→ graph approximation and clustering on a budget ; we consider the problem of learning from a similarity matrix ( such as spectral clustering and lowd imensional embedding ), when computing pairwise similarities are costly , and only a limited number of entries can be observed . we provide a theoretical analysis using standard notions of graph approximation , significantly generalizing previous results ( which focused on spectral clustering with two clusters ). we also propose a new algorithmic approach based on ada ←
→ duality - free methods for stochastic composition optimization ; we consider the composition optimization with two expected - value functions in the form of $\ frac { 1 }{ n }\ sum \ nolimits_ { i = 1 }^ n f_i (\ frac { 1 }{ m }\ sum \ nolimits_ { j = 1 }^ m g_j ( x ))+ r ( x )$, { which formulates many important problems in statistical learning and machine learning such as solving bellman equations in reinforcement learning and nonlinear embedding }. full gradient or classical stochastic gradient descent based optimization algorithms are unsuit ←
→ wassup ? lol : characterizing out - of - vocabulary words in twitter ; language in social media is mostly driven by new words and spellings that are constantly entering the lexicon thereby polluting it and resulting in high deviation from the formal written version . the primary entities of such language are the out - of - vocabulary ( oov ) words . in this paper , we study various sociolinguistic properties of the oov words and propose a classification model to categorize them into at least six categories . we achieve 81 ←
→ efficient reinforcement learning for high dimensional linear quadratic systems ; we study the problem of adaptive control of a high dimensional linear quadratic ( lq ) system . previous work established the asymptotic convergence to an optimal controller for various adaptive control schemes . more recently , for the average cost lq problem , a regret bound of ${ o }(\ sqrt { t })$ was shown , apart form logarithmic factors . however , this bound scales exponentially with $ p $, the dimension of the state space . in this wo ←
→ the pose knows : video forecasting by generating pose futures ; current approaches in video forecasting attempt to generate videos directly in pixel space using generative adversarial networks ( gans ) or variational autoencoders ( vaes ). however , since these approaches try to model all the structure and scene dynamics at once , in unconstrained settings they often generate uninterpretable results . our insight is to model the forecasting problem at a higher level of abstraction . specifically , we exploit human po ←
→ retrofitting word vectors to semantic lexicons ; vector space word representations are learned from distributional information of words in large corpora . although such statistics are semantically informative , they disregard the valuable information that is contained in semantic lexicons such as wordnet , framenet , and the paraphrase database . this paper proposes a method for refining vector space representations using relational information from semantic lexicons by encouraging linked words to have similar v ←
→ a simple yet efficient rank one update for covariance matrix adaptation ; in this paper , we propose an efficient approximated rank one update for covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy ( cma - es ). it makes use of two evolution paths as simple as that of cma - es , while avoiding the computational matrix decomposition . we analyze the algorithms ' properties and behaviors . we experimentally study the proposed algorithm ' s performances . it generally outperforms or performs competitively to the cholesky cma - e ←
→ models and selection criteria for regression and classification ; when performing regression or classification , we are interested in the conditional probability distribution for an outcome or class variable y given a set of explanatoryor input variables x . we consider bayesian models for this task . in particular , we examine a special class of models , which we call bayesian regression / classification ( brc ) models , that can be factored into independent conditional ( y | x ) and input ( x ) models . these models are c ←
→ response selection with topic clues for retrieval - based chatbots ; we consider incorporating topic information into message - response matching to boost responses with rich content in retrieval - based chatbots . to this end , we propose a topic - aware convolutional neural tensor network ( tacntn ). in tacntn , matching between a message and a response is not only conducted between a message vector and a response vector generated by convolutional neural networks , but also leverages extra topic information encoded in ←
→ are face and object recognition independent ? a neurocomputational modeling exploration ; are face and object recognition abilities independent ? although it is commonly believed that they are , gauthier et al .( 2014 ) recently showed that these abilities become more correlated as experience with nonface categories increases . they argued that there is a single underlying visual ability , v , that is expressed in performance with both face and nonface categories as experience grows . using the cambridge face memor ←
→ end - to - end binary representation learning via direct binary embedding ; learning binary representation is essential to large - scale computer vision tasks . most existing algorithms require a separate quantization constraint to learn effective hashing functions . in this work , we present direct binary embedding ( dbe ), a simple yet very effective algorithm to learn binary representation in an end - to - end fashion . by appending an ingeniously designed dbe layer to the deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ), dbe l ←
→ fast computation of wasserstein barycenters ; we present new algorithms to compute the mean of a set of empirical probability measures under the optimal transport metric . this mean , known as the wasserstein barycenter , is the measure that minimizes the sum of its wasserstein distances to each element in that set . we propose two original algorithms to compute wasserstein barycenters that build upon the subgradient method . a direct implementation of these algorithms is , however , too costly because it would re ←
→ animation and chirplet - based development of a pir sensor array for intruder classification in an outdoor environment ; this paper presents the development of a passive infra - red sensor tower platform along with a classification algorithm to distinguish between human intrusion , animal intrusion and clutter arising from wind - blown vegetative movement in an outdoor environment . the research was aimed at exploring the potential use of wireless sensor networks as an early - warning system to help mitigate human -←
→ alternating minimization for dictionary learning with random initialization ; we present theoretical guarantees for an alternating minimization algorithm for the dictionary learning / sparse coding problem . the dictionary learning problem is to factorize vector samples $ y ^{ 1 }, y ^{ 2 },\ ldots , y ^{ n }$ into an appropriate basis ( dictionary ) $ a ^*$ and sparse vectors $ x ^{ 1 *},\ ldots , x ^{ n *}$. our algorithm is a simple alternating minimization procedure that switches between $\ ell_1 $ minimization and gradient descent ←
→ sparse learning over infinite subgraph features ; we present a supervised - learning algorithm from graph data ( a set of graphs ) for arbitrary twice - differentiable loss functions and sparse linear models over all possible subgraph features . to date , it has been shown that under all possible subgraph features , several types of sparse learning , such as adaboost , lpboost , lars / lasso , and sparse pls regression , can be performed . particularly emphasis is placed on simultaneous learning of relevant features from an ←
→ a streaming accelerator for deep convolutional neural networks with image and feature decomposition for resource - limited system applications ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) are widely used in modern artificial intelligence ( ai ) and smart vision systems but also limited by computation latency , throughput , and energy efficiency on a resource - limited scenario , such as mobile devices , internet of things ( iot ), unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav ), and so on . a hardware streaming architecture is proposed ←
→ domain filtering consistencies ; enforcing local consistencies is one of the main features of constraint reasoning . which level of local consistency should be used when searching for solutions in a constraint network is a basic question . arc consistency and partial forms of arc consistency have been widely studied , and have been known for sometime through the forward checking or the mac search algorithms . until recently , stronger forms of local consistency remained limited to those that change the structure ←
→ analysing data - to - text generation benchmarks ; recently , several data - sets associating data to text have been created to train data - to - text surface realisers . it is unclear however to what extent the surface realisation task exercised by these data - sets is linguistically challenging . do these data - sets provide enough variety to encourage the development of generic , high - quality data - to - text surface realisers ? in this paper , we argue that these data - sets have important drawbacks . we back up our claim using ←
→ learning preferences for manipulation tasks from online coactive feedback ; we consider the problem of learning preferences over trajectories for mobile manipulators such as personal robots and assembly line robots . the preferences we learn are more intricate than simple geometric constraints on trajectories ; they are rather governed by the surrounding context of various objects and human interactions in the environment . we propose a coactive online learning framework for teaching preferences in contextua ←
→ the ibm speaker recognition system : recent advances and error analysis ; we present the recent advances along with an error analysis of the ibm speaker recognition system for conversational speech . some of the key advancements that contribute to our system include : a nearest - neighbor discriminant analysis ( nda ) approach ( as opposed to lda ) for intersession variability compensation in the i - vector space , the application of speaker and channel - adapted features derived from an automatic speech recognition ( asr ←
→ synkhronos : a multi - gpu theano extension for data parallelism ; we present synkhronos , an extension to theano for multi - gpu computations leveraging data parallelism . our framework provides automated execution and synchronization across devices , allowing users to continue to write serial programs without risk of race conditions . the nvidia collective communication library is used for high - bandwidth inter - gpu communication . further enhancements to the theano function interface include input slicing ( with aggr ←
→ applying the negative selection algorithm for merger and acquisition target identification ; in this paper , we propose a new methodology based on the negative selection algorithm that belongs to the field of computational intelligence , specifically , artificial immune systems to identify takeover targets . although considerable research based on customary statistical techniques and some contemporary computational intelligence techniques have been devoted to identify takeover targets , most of the existing st ←
→ lpqp for map : putting lp solvers to better use ; map inference for general energy functions remains a challenging problem . while most efforts are channeled towards improving the linear programming ( lp ) based relaxation , this work is motivated by the quadratic programming ( qp ) relaxation . we propose a novel map relaxation that penalizes the kullback - leibler divergence between the lp pairwise auxiliary variables , and qp equivalent terms given by the product of the unaries . we develop two efficient algorithms ←
→ a new iris normalization process for recognition system with cryptographic techniques ; biometric technologies are the foundation of personal identification systems . it provides an identification based on a unique feature possessed by the individual . this paper provides a walkthrough for image acquisition , segmentation , normalization , feature extraction and matching based on the human iris imaging . a canny edge detection scheme and a circular hough transform , is used to detect the iris boundaries in the e ←
→ the repeval 2017 shared task : multi - genre natural language inference with sentence representations ; this paper presents the results of the repeval 2017 shared task , which evaluated neural network sentence representation learning models on the multi - genre natural language inference corpus ( multinli ) recently introduced by williams et al . ( 2017 ). all of the five participating teams beat the bidirectional lstm ( bilstm ) and continuous bag of words baselines reported in williams et al .. the best single model ←
→ automatic differentiation in machine learning : a survey ; derivatives , mostly in the form of gradients and hessians , are ubiquitous in machine learning . automatic differentiation ( ad ), also called algorithmic differentiation or simply " autodiff ", is a family of techniques similar to but more general than backpropagation for efficiently and accurately evaluating derivatives of numeric functions expressed as computer programs . ad is a small but established field with applications in areas including computatio ←
→ a generalized back - door criterion ; we generalize pearl ' s back - door criterion for directed acyclic graphs ( dags ) to more general types of graphs that describe markov equivalence classes of dags and / or allow for arbitrarily many hidden variables . we also give easily checkable necessary and sufficient graphical criteria for the existence of a set of variables that satisfies our generalized back - door criterion , when considering a single intervention and a single outcome variable . moreover , if such a set exists ←
→ combination of pca with smote resampling to boost the prediction rate in lung cancer dataset ; classification algorithms are unable to make reliable models on the datasets with huge sizes . these datasets contain many irrelevant and redundant features that mislead the classifiers . furthermore , many huge datasets have imbalanced class distribution which leads to bias over majority class in the classification process . in this paper combination of unsupervised dimensionality reduction methods with resampling ←
→ an affective computational model for machine consciousness ; in the past , several models of consciousness have become popular and have led to the development of models for machine consciousness with varying degrees of success and challenges for simulation and implementations . moreover , affective computing attributes that involve emotions , behavior and personality have not been the focus of models of consciousness as they lacked motivation for deployment in software applications and robots . the affective att ←
→ an additive model view to sparse gaussian process classifier design ; we consider the problem of designing a sparse gaussian process classifier ( sgpc ) that generalizes well . viewing sgpc design as constructing an additive model like in boosting , we present an efficient and effective sgpc design method to perform a stage - wise optimization of a predictive loss function . we introduce new methods for two key components viz ., site parameter estimation and basis vector selection in any sgpc design . the proposed a ←
→ iterative views agreement : an iterative low - rank based structured optimization method to multi - view spectral clustering ; multi - view spectral clustering , which aims at yielding an agreement or consensus data objects grouping across multi - views with their graph laplacian matrices , is a fundamental clustering problem . among the existing methods , low - rank representation ( lrr ) based method is quite superior in terms of its effectiveness , intuitiveness and robustness to noise corruptions . however , it aggressiv ←
→ counterfactual learning for machine translation : degeneracies and solutions ; counterfactual learning is a natural scenario to improve web - based machine translation services by offline learning from feedback logged during user interactions . in order to avoid the risk of showing inferior translations to users , in such scenarios mostly exploration - free deterministic logging policies are in place . we analyze possible degeneracies of inverse and reweighted propensity scoring estimators , in stochastic and dete ←
→ authorship attribution via network motifs identification ; concepts and methods of complex networks can be used to analyse texts at their different complexity levels . examples of natural language processing ( nlp ) tasks studied via topological analysis of networks are keyword identification , automatic extractive summarization and authorship attribution . even though a myriad of network measurements have been applied to study the authorship attribution problem , the use of motifs for text analysis has been rest ←
→ the soft cumulative constraint ; this research report presents an extension of cumulative of choco constraint solver , which is useful to encode over - constrained cumulative problems . this new global constraint uses sweep and task interval violation - based algorithms .←
→ research on the fast fourier transform of image based on gpu ; study of general purpose computation by gpu ( graphics processing unit ) can improve the image processing capability of micro - computer system . this paper studies the parallelism of the different stages of decimation in time radix 2 fft algorithm , designs the butterfly and scramble kernels and implements 2d fft on gpu . the experiment result demonstrates the validity and advantage over general cpu , especially in the condition of large input size . th ←
→ pixels to graphs by associative embedding ; graphs are a useful abstraction of image content . not only can graphs represent details about individual objects in a scene but they can capture the interactions between pairs of objects . we present a method for training a convolutional neural network such that it takes in an input image and produces a full graph . this is done end - to - end in a single stage with the use of associative embeddings . the network learns to simultaneously identify all of the elements that ←
→ learning to rank with bregman divergences and monotone retargeting ; this paper introduces a novel approach for learning to rank ( letor ) based on the notion of monotone retargeting . it involves minimizing a divergence between all monotonic increasing transformations of the training scores and a parameterized prediction function . the minimization is both over the transformations as well as over the parameters . it is applied to bregman divergences , a large class of " distance like " functions that were recently ←
→ the multi - armed bandit problem with covariates ; we consider a multi - armed bandit problem in a setting where each arm produces a noisy reward realization which depends on an observable random covariate . as opposed to the traditional static multi - armed bandit problem , this setting allows for dynamically changing rewards that better describe applications where side information is available . we adopt a nonparametric model where the expected rewards are smooth functions of the covariate and where the hardness o ←
→ robust downbeat tracking using an ensemble of convolutional networks ; in this paper , we present a novel state of the art system for automatic downbeat tracking from music signals . the audio signal is first segmented in frames which are synchronized at the tatum level of the music . we then extract different kind of features based on harmony , melody , rhythm and bass content to feed convolutional neural networks that are adapted to take advantage of each feature characteristics . this ensemble of neural networ ←
→ a study on cost behaviors of binary classification measures in class - imbalanced problems ; this work investigates into cost behaviors of binary classification measures in a background of class - imbalanced problems . twelve performance measures are studied , such as f measure , g - means in terms of accuracy rates , and of recall and precision , balance error rate ( ber ), matthews correlation coefficient ( mcc ), kappa coefficient , etc . a new perspective is presented for those measures by revealing their cost functio ←
→ recurrent attentional reinforcement learning for multi - label image recognition ; recognizing multiple labels of images is a fundamental but challenging task in computer vision , and remarkable progress has been attained by localizing semantic - aware image regions and predicting their labels with deep convolutional neural networks . the step of hypothesis regions ( region proposals ) localization in these existing multi - label image recognition pipelines , however , usually takes redundant computation cost , e . g ., ←
→ solving pomdps by searching in policy space ; most algorithms for solving pomdps iteratively improve a value function that implicitly represents a policy and are said to search in value function space . this paper presents an approach to solving pomdps that represents a policy explicitly as a finite - state controller and iteratively improves the controller by search in policy space . two related algorithms illustrate this approach . the first is a policy iteration algorithm that can outperform value iteration i ←
→ deconvolution of vibroacoustic images using a simulation model based on a three dimensional point spread function ; vibro - acoustography ( va ) is a medical imaging method based on the difference - frequency generation produced by the mixture of two focused ultrasound beams . va has been applied to different problems in medical imaging such as imaging bones , microcalcifications in the breast , mass lesions , and calcified arteries . the obtained images may have a resolution of 0 . 7 -- 0 . 8 mm . current va systems based ←
→ robust energy storage scheduling for imbalance reduction of strategically formed energy balancing groups ; imbalance ( on - line energy gap between contracted supply and actual demand , and associated cost ) reduction is going to be a crucial service for a power producer and supplier ( pps ) in the deregulated energy market . pps requires forward market interactions to procure energy as precisely as possible in order to reduce imbalance energy . this paper presents , 1 ) ( off - line ) an effective demand aggregation ba ←
→ topological centrality and its applications ; recent development of network structure analysis shows that it plays an important role in characterizing complex system of many branches of sciences . different from previous network centrality measures , this paper proposes the notion of topological centrality ( tc ) reflecting the topological positions of nodes and edges in general networks , and proposes an approach to calculating the topological centrality . the proposed topological centrality is then used to disc ←
→ squeeze - and - excitation networks ; convolutional neural networks are built upon the convolution operation , which extracts informative features by fusing spatial and channel - wise information together within local receptive fields . in order to boost the representational power of a network , much existing work has shown the benefits of enhancing spatial encoding . in this work , we focus on channels and propose a novel architectural unit , which we term the " squeeze - and - excitation " ( se ) block , that adaptively recal ←
→ wrapper maintenance : a machine learning approach ; the proliferation of online information sources has led to an increased use of wrappers for extracting data from web sources . while most of the previous research has focused on quick and efficient generation of wrappers , the development of tools for wrapper maintenance has received less attention . this is an important research problem because web sources often change in ways that prevent the wrappers from extracting data correctly . we present an efficient a ←
→ cognitive psychology for deep neural networks : a shape bias case study ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have achieved unprecedented performance on a wide range of complex tasks , rapidly outpacing our understanding of the nature of their solutions . this has caused a recent surge of interest in methods for rendering modern neural systems more interpretable . in this work , we propose to address the interpretability problem in modern dnns using the rich history of problem descriptions , theories and experimental met ←
→ ensembles of random sphere cover classifiers ; we propose and evaluate alternative ensemble schemes for a new instance based learning classifier , the randomised sphere cover ( rsc ) classifier . rsc fuses instances into spheres , then bases classification on distance to spheres rather than distance to instances . the randomised nature of rsc makes it ideal for use in ensembles . we propose two ensemble methods tailored to the rsc classifier ; $\ alpha \ beta $ rse , an ensemble based on instance resampling and $\ alpha $←
→ exploiting vagueness for multi - agent consensus ; a framework for consensus modelling is introduced using kleene ' s three valued logic as a means to express vagueness in agents ' beliefs . explicitly borderline cases are inherent to propositions involving vague concepts where sentences of a propositional language may be absolutely true , absolutely false or borderline . by exploiting these intermediate truth values , we can allow agents to adopt a more vague interpretation of underlying concepts in order to weaken ←
→ a unified approach for conventional zero - shot , generalized zero - shot and few - shot learning ; prevalent techniques in zero - shot learning do not generalize well to other related problem scenarios . here , we present a unified approach for conventional zero - shot , generalized zero - shot and few - shot learning problems . our approach is based on a novel class adapting principal directions ( capd ) concept that allows multiple embeddings of image features into a semantic space . given an image , our method produces one ←
→ enhancement techniques for local content preservation and contrast improvement in images ; there are several images that do not have uniform brightness which pose a challenging problem for image enhancement systems . as histogram equalization has been successfully used to correct for uniform brightness problems , a histogram equalization method that utilizes human visual system based thresholding ( human vision thresholding ) as well as logarithmic processing techniques were introduced later . but these method ←
→ unsupervised part - based weighting aggregation of deep convolutional features for image retrieval ; in this paper , we propose a simple but effective semantic part - based weighting aggregation ( pwa ) for image retrieval . the proposed pwa utilizes the discriminative filters of deep convolutional layers as part detectors . moreover , we propose the effective unsupervised strategy to select some part detectors to generate the " probabilistic proposals ", which highlight certain discriminative parts of objects and su ←
→ complexity of equivalence and learning for multiplicity tree automata ; we consider the complexity of equivalence and learning for multiplicity tree automata , i . e ., weighted tree automata over a field . we first show that the equivalence problem is logspace equivalent to polynomial identity testing , the complexity of which is a longstanding open problem . secondly , we derive lower bounds on the number of queries needed to learn multiplicity tree automata in angluin ' s exact learning model , over both arbitrary ←
→ continual lifelong learning with neural networks : a review ; humans and animals have the ability to continually acquire and fine - tune knowledge throughout their lifespan . this ability is mediated by a rich set of neurocognitive functions that together contribute to the early development and experience - driven specialization of our sensorimotor skills . consequently , the ability to learn from continuous streams of information is crucial for computational learning systems and autonomous agents ( inter ) acting in ←
→ should i stay or should i go : coordinating biological needs with continuously - updated assessments of the environment ; this paper presents wanderer , a model of how autonomous adaptive systems coordinate internal biological needs with moment - by - moment assessments of the probabilities of events in the external world . the extent to which wanderer moves about or explores its environment reflects the relative activations of two competing motivational sub - systems : one represents the need to acquire energy and i ←
→ learning tree - structured detection cascades for heterogeneous networks of embedded devices ; in this paper , we present a new approach to learning cascaded classifiers for use in computing environments that involve networks of heterogeneous and resource - constrained , low - power embedded compute and sensing nodes . we present a generalization of the classical linear detection cascade to the case of tree - structured cascades where different branches of the tree execute on different physical compute nodes in the ←
→ a selectional auto - encoder approach for document image binarization ; binarization plays a key role in the automatic information retrieval from document images . this process is usually performed in the first stages of documents analysis systems , and serves as a basis for subsequent steps . hence it has to be robust in order to allow the full analysis workflow to be successful . several methods for document image binarization have been proposed so far , most of which are based on hand - crafted image processing s ←
→ biographynet : extracting relations between people and events ; this paper describes biographynet , a digital humanities project ( 2012 - 2016 ) that brings together researchers from history , computational linguistics and computer science . the project uses data from the biography portal of the netherlands ( bpn ), which contains approximately 125 , 000 biographies from a variety of dutch biographical dictionaries from the eighteenth century until now , describing around 76 , 000 individuals . biographynet ' s aim is to str ←
→ subset labeled lda for large - scale multi - label classification ; labeled latent dirichlet allocation ( llda ) is an extension of the standard unsupervised latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) algorithm , to address multi - label learning tasks . previous work has shown it to perform in par with other state - of - the - art multi - label methods . nonetheless , with increasing label sets sizes llda encounters scalability issues . in this work , we introduce subset llda , a simple variant of the standard llda algorithm , that not on ←
→ theoretical properties of projection based multilayer perceptrons with functional inputs ; many real world data are sampled functions . as shown by functional data analysis ( fda ) methods , spectra , time series , images , gesture recognition data , etc . can be processed more efficiently if their functional nature is taken into account during the data analysis process . this is done by extending standard data analysis methods so that they can apply to functional inputs . a general way to achieve this goal is to co ←
→ intelligent approaches to interact with machines using hand gesture recognition in natural way : a survey ; hand gestures recognition ( hgr ) is one of the main areas of research for the engineers , scientists and bioinformatics . hgr is the natural way of human machine interaction and today many researchers in the academia and industry are working on different application to make interactions more easy , natural and convenient without wearing any extra device . hgr can be applied from games control to vision en ←
→ level - based analysis of genetic algorithms for combinatorial optimization ; the paper is devoted to upper bounds on run - time of non - elitist genetic algorithms until some target subset of solutions is visited for the first time . in particular , we consider the sets of optimal solutions and the sets of local optima as the target subsets . previously known upper bounds are improved by means of drift analysis . finally , we propose conditions ensuring that a non - elitist genetic algorithm efficiently finds approxi ←
→ image representation learning using graph regularized auto - encoders ; we consider the problem of image representation for the tasks of unsupervised learning and semi - supervised learning . in those learning tasks , the raw image vectors may not provide enough representation for their intrinsic structures due to their highly dense feature space . to overcome this problem , the raw image vectors should be mapped to a proper representation space which can capture the latent structure of the original data and repres ←
→ a fast switching filter for impulsive noise removal from color images ; in this paper , we present a fast switching filter for impulsive noise removal from color images . the filter exploits the hsl color space , and is based on the peer group concept , which allows for the fast detection of noise in a neighborhood without resorting to pairwise distance computations between each pixel . experiments on large set of diverse images demonstrate that the proposed approach is not only extremely fast , but also gives ex ←
→ can fully convolutional networks perform well for general image restoration problems ? ; we present a fully convolutional network ( fcn ) based approach for color image restoration . fcns have recently shown remarkable performance for high - level vision problem like semantic segmentation . in this paper , we investigate if fcn models can show promising performance for low - level problems like image restoration as well . we propose a fully convolutional model , that learns a direct end - to - end mapping between the corr ←
→ effective xml representation for spoken language in organisations ; spoken language can be used to provide insights into organisational processes , unfortunately transcription and coding stages are very time consuming and expensive . the concept of partial transcription and coding is proposed in which spoken language is indexed prior to any subsequent processing . the functional linguistic theory of texture is used to describe the effects of partial transcription on observational records . the standard used to ←
→ noisy tensor completion via the sum - of - squares hierarchy ; in the noisy tensor completion problem we observe $ m $ entries ( whose location is chosen uniformly at random ) from an unknown $ n_1 \ times n_2 \ times n_3 $ tensor $ t $. we assume that $ t $ is entry - wise close to being rank $ r $. our goal is to fill in its missing entries using as few observations as possible . let $ n = \ max ( n_1 , n_2 , n_3 )$. we show that if $ m = n ^{ 3 / 2 } r $ then there is a polynomial time algorithm based on the sixth level of the sum - of - squa ←
→ on the reconstruction of deep face templates ; state - of - the - art face recognition systems are based on deep ( convolutional ) neural networks . therefore , it is imperative to determine to what extent face templates derived from deep networks can be inverted to obtain the original face image . in this paper , we study the vulnerabilities of a state - of - the - art face recognition system based on template reconstruction attack . we propose a neighborly de - convolutional neural network (\ textit { nbnet }) to reconstruct face ←
→ few - shot adversarial domain adaptation ; this work provides a framework for addressing the problem of supervised domain adaptation with deep models . the main idea is to exploit adversarial learning to learn an embedded subspace that simultaneously maximizes the confusion between two domains while semantically aligning their embedding . the supervised setting becomes attractive especially when there are only a few target data samples that need to be labeled . in this few - shot learning scenario , alignment and s ←
→ online and differentially - private tensor decomposition ; in this paper , we resolve many of the key algorithmic questions regarding robustness , memory efficiency , and differential privacy of tensor decomposition . we propose simple variants of the tensor power method which enjoy these strong properties . we present the first guarantees for online tensor power method which has a linear memory requirement . moreover , we present a noise calibrated tensor power method with efficient privacy guarantees . at the heart ←
→ using bayesian networks to identify the causal effect of speeding in individual vehicle / pedestrian collisions ; on roads showing significant violations of posted speed limits , one measure of the safety effect of speeding is the difference between the road ' s actual accident count and the count that would have occurred if the posted speed limit had been strictly obeyed . an estimate of this accident reduction can be had by computing the probability that speeding was a necessary condition for each of set of a ←
→ methods of hierarchical clustering ; we survey agglomerative hierarchical clustering algorithms and discuss efficient implementations that are available in r and other software environments . we look at hierarchical self - organizing maps , and mixture models . we review grid - based clustering , focusing on hierarchical density - based approaches . finally we describe a recently developed very efficient ( linear time ) hierarchical clustering algorithm , which can also be viewed as a hierarchical grid - based algorithm .←
→ distribution - preserving k - anonymity ; preserving the privacy of individuals by protecting their sensitive attributes is an important consideration during microdata release . however , it is equally important to preserve the quality or utility of the data for at least some targeted workloads . we propose a novel framework for privacy preservation based on the k - anonymity model that is ideally suited for workloads that require preserving the probability distribution of the quasi - identifier variables in the data .←
→ posterior mean super - resolution with a compound gaussian markov random field prior ; this manuscript proposes a posterior mean ( pm ) super - resolution ( sr ) method with a compound gaussian markov random field ( mrf ) prior . sr is a technique to estimate a spatially high - resolution image from observed multiple low - resolution images . a compound gaussian mrf model provides a preferable prior for natural images that preserves edges . pm is the optimal estimator for the objective function of peak signal - to - noise rat ←
→ computer - aided implant design for the restoration of cranial defects ; patient - specific cranial implants are important and necessary in the surgery of cranial defect restoration . however , traditional methods of manual design of cranial implants are complicated and time - consuming . our purpose is to develop a novel software named easycrania to design the cranial implants conveniently and efficiently . the process can be divided into five steps , which are mirroring model , clipping surface , surface fitting , the ←
→ dynamic global constraints : a first view ; global constraints proved themselves to be an efficient tool for modelling and solving large - scale real - life combinatorial problems . they encapsulate a set of binary constraints and using global reasoning about this set they filter the domains of involved variables better than arc consistency among the set of binary constraints . moreover , global constraints exploit semantic information to achieve more efficient filtering than generalised consistency algorithms for ←
→ individualized rank aggregation using nuclear norm regularization ; in recent years rank aggregation has received significant attention from the machine learning community . the goal of such a problem is to combine the ( partially revealed ) preferences over objects of a large population into a single , relatively consistent ordering of those objects . however , in many cases , we might not want a single ranking and instead opt for individual rankings . we study a version of the problem known as collaborative ranki ←
→ efficient empirical risk minimization with smooth loss functions in non - interactive local differential privacy ; in this paper , we study the empirical risk minimization problem in the non - interactive local model of differential privacy . we first show that if the erm loss function is $(\ infty , t )$- smooth , then we can avoid a dependence of the sample complexity , to achieve error $\ alpha $, on the exponential of the dimensionality $ p $ with base $ 1 /\ alpha $ ({\ em i . e .,} $\ alpha ^{- p }$), which answers a question ←
→ hpx smart executors ; the performance of many parallel applications depends on loop - level parallelism . however , manually parallelizing all loops may result in degrading parallel performance , as some of them cannot scale desirably to a large number of threads . in addition , the overheads of manually tuning loop parameters might prevent an application from reaching its maximum parallel performance . we illustrate how machine learning techniques can be applied to address these challenges . in this research , we de ←
→ statistically motivated second order pooling ; second - order pooling , a . k . a . bilinear pooling , has proven effective for visual recognition . the recent progress in this area has focused on either designing normalization techniques for second - order models , or compressing the second - order representations . however , these two directions have typically been followed separately , and without any clear statistical motivation . here , by contrast , we introduce a statistically - motivated framework that jointly tackles nor ←
→ ask , attend and answer : exploring question - guided spatial attention for visual question answering ; we address the problem of visual question answering ( vqa ), which requires joint image and language understanding to answer a question about a given photograph . recent approaches have applied deep image captioning methods based on convolutional - recurrent networks to this problem , but have failed to model spatial inference . to remedy this , we propose a model we call the spatial memory network and apply it to ←
→ gray level image enhancement using polygonal functions ; this paper presents a method for enhancing the gray level images . this method takes part from the category of point transforms and it is based on interpolation functions . the latter have a graphic represented by polygonal lines . the interpolation nodes of these functions are calculated taking into account the statistics of gray levels belonging to the image .←
→ unsupervised triplet hashing for fast image retrieval ; hashing has played a pivotal role in large - scale image retrieval . with the development of convolutional neural network ( cnn ), hashing learning has shown great promise . but existing methods are mostly tuned for classification , which are not optimized for retrieval tasks , especially for instance - level retrieval . in this study , we propose a novel hashing method for large - scale image retrieval . considering the difficulty in obtaining labeled datasets for i ←
→ structural embedding of syntactic trees for machine comprehension ; deep neural networks for machine comprehension typically utilizes only word or character embeddings without explicitly taking advantage of structured linguistic information such as constituency trees and dependency trees . in this paper , we propose structural embedding of syntactic trees ( sest ), an algorithm framework to utilize structured information and encode them into vector representations that can boost the performance of algorithms fo ←
→ learning precise spike train to spike train transformations in multilayer feedforward neuronal networks ; we derive a synaptic weight update rule for learning temporally precise spike train to spike train transformations in multilayer feedforward networks of spiking neurons . the framework , aimed at seamlessly generalizing error backpropagation to the deterministic spiking neuron setting , is based strictly on spike timing and avoids invoking concepts pertaining to spike rates or probabilistic models of spi ←
→ enforcing label and intensity consistency for ir target detection ; this study formulates the ir target detection as a binary classification problem of each pixel . each pixel is associated with a label which indicates whether it is a target or background pixel . the optimal label set for all the pixels of an image maximizes aposteriori distribution of label configuration given the pixel intensities . the posterior probability is factored into ( or proportional to ) a conditional likelihood of the intensity valu ←
→ approximate judgement aggregation ; in this paper we analyze judgement aggregation problems in which a group of agents independently votes on a set of complex propositions that has some interdependency constraint between them ( e . g ., transitivity when describing preferences ). we consider the issue of judgement aggregation from the perspective of approximation . that is , we generalize the previous results by studying approximate judgement aggregation . we relax the main two constraints assumed in the current lit ←
→ what does an lstm look for in classifying heartbeats ? ; long short - term memory ( lstm ) recurrent neural networks are renowned for being uninterpretable " black boxes ". in the medical domain where lstms have shown promise , this is specifically concerning because it is imperative to understand the decisions made by machine learning models in such acute situations . this study employs techniques used in the convolutional neural network domain to elucidate the inputs that are important when lstms classify electroc ←
→ scalable object detection using deep neural networks ; deep convolutional neural networks have recently achieved state - of - the - art performance on a number of image recognition benchmarks , including the imagenet large - scale visual recognition challenge ( ilsvrc - 2012 ). the winning model on the localization sub - task was a network that predicts a single bounding box and a confidence score for each object category in the image . such a model captures the whole - image context around the objects but cannot handle mult ←
→ interpretable facial relational network using relational importance ; human face analysis is an important task in computer vision . according to cognitive - psychological studies , facial dynamics could provide crucial cues for face analysis . in particular , the motion of facial local regions in facial expression is related to the motion of other facial regions . in this paper , a novel deep learning approach which exploits the relations of facial local dynamics has been proposed to estimate facial traits from exp ←
→ a novel graph structure for salient object detection based on divergence background and compact foreground ; in this paper , we propose an efficient and discriminative model for salient object detection . our method is carried out in a stepwise mechanism based on both divergence background and compact foreground cues . in order to effectively enhance the distinction between nodes along object boundaries and the similarity among object regions , a graph is constructed by introducing the concept of virtual node ←
→ improving accuracy of nonparametric transfer learning via vector segmentation ; transfer learning using deep neural networks as feature extractors has become increasingly popular over the past few years . it allows to obtain state - of - the - art accuracy on datasets too small to train a deep neural network on its own , and it provides cutting edge descriptors that , combined with nonparametric learning methods , allow rapid and flexible deployment of performing solutions in computationally restricted settings . in ←
→ iterative conditional fitting for gaussian ancestral graph models ; ancestral graph models , introduced by richardson and spirtes ( 2002 ), generalize both markov random fields and bayesian networks to a class of graphs with a global markov property that is closed under conditioning and marginalization . by design , ancestral graphs encode precisely the conditional independence structures that can arise from bayesian networks with selection and unobserved ( hidden / latent ) variables . thus , ancestral graph models p ←
→ scan $ b $- statistic for kernel change - point detection ; detecting the emergence of an abrupt change - point is a classic problem in statistics and machine learning . kernel - based nonparametric statistics have been used for this task which enjoy fewer assumptions on the distributions than the parametric approach and can handle high - dimensional data . in this paper we focus on the scenario when the amount of background data is large , and propose two related computationally efficient kernel - based statistics for cha ←
→ using the gene ontology hierarchy when predicting gene function ; the problem of multilabel classification when the labels are related through a hierarchical categorization scheme occurs in many application domains such as computational biology . for example , this problem arises naturally when trying to automatically assign gene function using a controlled vocabularies like gene ontology . however , most existing approaches for predicting gene functions solve independent classification problems to predict gene ←
→ random feature - based online multi - kernel learning in environments with unknown dynamics ; kernel - based methods exhibit well - documented performance in various nonlinear learning tasks . most of them rely on a preselected kernel , whose prudent choice presumes task - specific prior information . especially when the latter is not available , multi - kernel learning has gained popularity thanks to its flexibility in choosing kernels from a prescribed kernel dictionary . leveraging the random feature approximation and ←
→ learning a robust society of tracking parts ; object tracking is an essential task in computer vision that has been studied since the early days of the field . being able to follow objects that undergo different transformations in the video sequence , including changes in scale , illumination , shape and occlusions , makes the problem extremely difficult . one of the real challenges is to keep track of the changes in objects appearance and not drift towards the background clutter . different from previous approach ←
→ a new algorithmic decision for categorical syllogisms via caroll ' s diagrams ; in this paper , we deal with a calculus system slcd ( syllogistic logic with carroll diagrams ), which gives a formal approach to logical reasoning with diagrams , for representations of the fundamental aristotelian categorical propositions and show that they are closed under the syllogistic criterion of inference which is the deletion of middle term . therefore , it is implemented to let the formalism comprise synchronically bilatera ←
→ end - to - end representation learning for correlation filter based tracking ; the correlation filter is an algorithm that trains a linear template to discriminate between images and their translations . it is well suited to object tracking because its formulation in the fourier domain provides a fast solution , enabling the detector to be re - trained once per frame . previous works that use the correlation filter , however , have adopted features that were either manually designed or trained for a different task . th ←
→ proofwatch : watchlist guidance for large theories in e ; watchlist ( also hint list ) is a mechanism that allows related proofs to guide a proof search for a new conjecture . this mechanism has been used with the otter and prover9 theorem provers , both for interactive formalizations and for human - assisted proving of open conjectures in small theories . in this work we explore the use of watchlists in large theories coming from first - order translations of large itp libraries , aiming at improving hammer - style aut ←
→ roman urdu opinion mining system ( ruomis ) ; convincing a customer is always considered as a challenging task in every business . but when it comes to online business , this task becomes even more difficult . online retailers try everything possible to gain the trust of the customer . one of the solutions is to provide an area for existing users to leave their comments . this service can effectively develop the trust of the customer however normally the customer comments about the product in their native language ←
→ a study of nk landscapes ' basins and local optima networks ; we propose a network characterization of combinatorial fitness landscapes by adapting the notion of inherent networks proposed for energy surfaces ( doye , 2002 ). we use the well - known family of $ nk $ landscapes as an example . in our case the inherent network is the graph where the vertices are all the local maxima and edges mean basin adjacency between two maxima . we exhaustively extract such networks on representative small nk landscape instances , ←
→ depth - gated lstm ; in this short note , we present an extension of long short - term memory ( lstm ) neural networks to using a depth gate to connect memory cells of adjacent layers . doing so introduces a linear dependence between lower and upper layer recurrent units . importantly , the linear dependence is gated through a gating function , which we call depth gate . this gate is a function of the lower layer memory cell , the input to and the past memory cell of this layer . we conducted experiments and verified tha ←
→ resource allocation among agents with mdp - induced preferences ; allocating scarce resources among agents to maximize global utility is , in general , computationally challenging . we focus on problems where resources enable agents to execute actions in stochastic environments , modeled as markov decision processes ( mdps ), such that the value of a resource bundle is defined as the expected value of the optimal mdp policy realizable given these resources . we present an algorithm that simultaneously solves the res ←
→ accelerating em : an empirical study ; many applications require that we learn the parameters of a model from data . em is a method used to learn the parameters of probabilistic models for which the data for some of the variables in the models is either missing or hidden . there are instances in which this method is slow to converge . therefore , several accelerations have been proposed to improve the method . none of the proposed acceleration methods are theoretically dominant and experimental comparisons are la ←
→ learning to refine object contours with a top - down fully convolutional encoder - decoder network ; we develop a novel deep contour detection algorithm with a top - down fully convolutional encoder - decoder network . our proposed method , named td - cedn , solves two important issues in this low - level vision problem : ( 1 ) learning multi - scale and multi - level features ; and ( 2 ) applying an effective top - down refined approach in the networks . td - cedn performs the pixel - wise prediction by means of leveraging features at ←
→ the divergence of reinforcement learning algorithms with value - iteration and function approximation ; this paper gives specific divergence examples of value - iteration for several major reinforcement learning and adaptive dynamic programming algorithms , when using a function approximator for the value function . these divergence examples differ from previous divergence examples in the literature , in that they are applicable for a greedy policy , i . e . in a " value iteration " scenario . perhaps surprisingly , wit ←
→ weakly - supervised disentangling with recurrent transformations for 3d view synthesis ; an important problem for both graphics and vision is to synthesize novel views of a 3d object from a single image . this is particularly challenging due to the partial observability inherent in projecting a 3d object onto the image space , and the ill - posedness of inferring object shape and pose . however , we can train a neural network to address the problem if we restrict our attention to specific object categories ( in ou ←
→ recognition of handwritten roman numerals using tesseract open source ocr engine ; the objective of the paper is to recognize handwritten samples of roman numerals using tesseract open source optical character recognition ( ocr ) engine . tesseract is trained with data samples of different persons to generate one user - independent language model , representing the handwritten roman digit - set . the system is trained with 1226 digit samples collected form the different users . the performance is tested on two diff ←
→ skimap : an efficient mapping framework for robot navigation ; we present a novel mapping framework for robot navigation which features a multi - level querying system capable to obtain rapidly representations as diverse as a 3d voxel grid , a 2 . 5d height map and a 2d occupancy grid . these are inherently embedded into a memory and time efficient core data structure organized as a tree of skiplists . compared to the well - known octree representation , our approach exhibits a better time efficiency , thanks to its si ←
→ cross - convolutional - layer pooling for image recognition ; recent studies have shown that a deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ) pretrained on a large image dataset can be used as a universal image descriptor , and that doing so leads to impressive performance for a variety of image classification tasks . most of these studies adopt activations from a single dcnn layer , usually the fully - connected layer , as the image representation . in this paper , we proposed a novel way to extract image representations fr ←
→ predicting membrane protein contacts from non - membrane proteins by deep transfer learning ; computational prediction of membrane protein ( mp ) structures is very challenging partially due to lack of sufficient solved structures for homology modeling . recently direct evolutionary coupling analysis ( dca ) sheds some light on protein contact prediction and accordingly , contact - assisted folding , but dca is effective only on some very large - sized families since it uses information only in a single protein family ←
→ modeling belief in dynamic systems , part ii : revisions and update ; the study of belief change has been an active area in philosophy and ai . in recent years two special cases of belief change , belief revision and belief update , have been studied in detail . in a companion paper , we introduce a new framework to model belief change . this framework combines temporal and epistemic modalities with a notion of plausibility , allowing us to examine the change of beliefs over time . in this paper , we show how belief r ←
→ distributed unmixing of hyperspectral data with sparsity constraint ; spectral unmixing ( su ) is a data processing problem in hyperspectral remote sensing . the significant challenge in the su problem is how to identify endmembers and their weights , accurately . for estimation of signature and fractional abundance matrices in a blind problem , nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) and its developments are used widely in the su problem . one of the constraints which was added to nmf is sparsity constraint that w ←
→ tweetime : a minimally supervised method for recognizing and normalizing time expressions in twitter ; we describe tweetime , a temporal tagger for recognizing and normalizing time expressions in twitter . most previous work in social media analysis has to rely on temporal resolvers that are designed for well - edited text , and therefore suffer from the reduced performance due to domain mismatch . we present a minimally supervised method that learns from large quantities of unlabeled data and requires no hand - e ←
→ diversity in spectral learning for natural language parsing ; we describe an approach to create a diverse set of predictions with spectral learning of latent - variable pcfgs ( l - pcfgs ). our approach works by creating multiple spectral models where noise is added to the underlying features in the training set before the estimation of each model . we describe three ways to decode with multiple models . in addition , we describe a simple variant of the spectral algorithm for l - pcfgs that is fast and leads to compac ←
→ robustness in sparse linear models : relative efficiency based on robust approximate message passing ; understanding efficiency in high dimensional linear models is a longstanding problem of interest . classical work with smaller dimensional problems dating back to huber and bickel has illustrated the benefits of efficient loss functions . when the number of parameters $ p $ is of the same order as the sample size $ n $, $ p \ approx n $, an efficiency pattern different from the one of huber was recently establishe ←
→ probabilistic recurrent state - space models ; state - space models ( ssms ) are a highly expressive model class for learning patterns in time series data and for system identification . deterministic versions of ssms ( e . g . lstms ) proved extremely successful in modeling complex time series data . fully probabilistic ssms , however , are often found hard to train , even for smaller problems . to overcome this limitation , we propose a novel model formulation and a scalable training algorithm based on doubly stochastic va ←
→ topometric localization with deep learning ; compared to lidar - based localization methods , which provide high accuracy but rely on expensive sensors , visual localization approaches only require a camera and thus are more cost - effective while their accuracy and reliability typically is inferior to lidar - based methods . in this work , we propose a vision - based localization approach that learns from lidar - based localization methods by using their output as training data , thus combining a cheap , passive sensor wi ←
→ a stochastic finite - state word - segmentation algorithm for chinese ; we present a stochastic finite - state model for segmenting chinese text into dictionary entries and productively derived words , and providing pronunciations for these words ; the method incorporates a class - based model in its treatment of personal names . we also evaluate the system ' s performance , taking into account the fact that people often do not agree on a single segmentation .←
→ a deep convolutional neural network using directional wavelets for low - dose x - ray ct reconstruction ; due to the potential risk of inducing cancers , radiation dose of x - ray ct should be reduced for routine patient scanning . however , in low - dose x - ray ct , severe artifacts usually occur due to photon starvation , beamhardening , etc , which decrease the reliability of diagnosis . thus , high quality reconstruction from low - dose x - ray ct data has become one of the important research topics in ct community . conven ←
→# hashtagwars : learning a sense of humor ; in this work , we present a new dataset for computational humor , specifically comparative humor ranking , which attempts to eschew the ubiquitous binary approach to humor detection . the dataset consists of tweets that are humorous responses to a given hashtag . we describe the motivation for this new dataset , as well as the collection process , which includes a description of our semi - automated system for data collection . we also present initial experiments for this dat ←
→ actor and action video segmentation from a sentence ; this paper strives for pixel - level segmentation of actors and their actions in video content . different from existing works , which all learn to segment from a fixed vocabulary of actor and action pairs , we infer the segmentation from a natural language input sentence . this allows to distinguish between fine - grained actors in the same super - category , identify actor and action instances , and segment pairs that are outside of the actor and action vocabulary ←
→ on context - dependent clustering of bandits ; we investigate a novel cluster - of - bandit algorithm cab for collaborative recommendation tasks that implements the underlying feedback sharing mechanism by estimating the neighborhood of users in a context - dependent manner . cab makes sharp departures from the state of the art by incorporating collaborative effects into inference as well as learning processes in a manner that seamlessly interleaving explore - exploit tradeoffs and collaborative steps . we prove regret ←
→ learning to linearize under uncertainty ; training deep feature hierarchies to solve supervised learning tasks has achieved state of the art performance on many problems in computer vision . however , a principled way in which to train such hierarchies in the unsupervised setting has remained elusive . in this work we suggest a new architecture and loss for training deep feature hierarchies that linearize the transformations observed in unlabeled natural video sequences . this is done by training a generative m ←
→ towards automated melanoma screening : exploring transfer learning schemes ; deep learning is the current bet for image classification . its greed for huge amounts of annotated data limits its usage in medical imaging context . in this scenario transfer learning appears as a prominent solution . in this report we aim to clarify how transfer learning schemes may influence classification results . we are particularly focused in the automated melanoma screening problem , a case of medical imaging in which transfer ←
→ blind analysis of egm signals : sparsity - aware formulation ; this technical note considers the problems of blind sparse learning and inference of electrogram ( egm ) signals under atrial fibrillation ( af ) conditions . first of all we introduce a mathematical model for the observed signals that takes into account the multiple foci typically appearing inside the heart during af . then we propose a reconstruction model based on a fixed dictionary and discuss several alternatives for choosing the dictionary . in orde ←
→ automatic segmentation method of pelvic floor levator hiatus in ultrasound using a self - normalising neural network ; segmentation of the levator hiatus in ultrasound allows to extract biometrics which are of importance for pelvic floor disorder assessment . in this work , we present a fully automatic method using a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to outline the levator hiatus in a 2d image extracted from a 3d ultrasound volume . in particular , our method uses a recently developed scaled exponential linear ←
→ a dikw paradigm to cognitive engineering ; though the word cognitive has a wide range of meanings we define cognitive engineering as learning from brain to bolster engineering solutions . however , giving an achievable framework to the process towards this has been a difficult task . in this work we take the classic data information knowledge wisdom ( dikw ) framework to set some achievable goals and sub - goals towards cognitive engineering . a layered framework like dikw aligns nicely with the layered structure o ←
→ an anthropic argument against the future existence of superintelligent artificial intelligence ; this paper uses anthropic reasoning to argue for a reduced likelihood that superintelligent ai will come into existence in the future . to make this argument , a new principle is introduced : the super - strong self - sampling assumption ( ssssa ), building on the self - sampling assumption ( ssa ) and the strong self - sampling assumption ( sssa ). ssa uses as its sample the relevant observers , whereas sssa goes further by us ←
→ brnocompspeed : review of traffic camera calibration and comprehensive dataset for monocular speed measurement ; in this paper , we focus on traffic camera calibration and visual speed measurement from a single monocular camera , which is an important task of visual traffic surveillance . existing methods addressing this problem are hard to compare due to lack of a common dataset with reliable ground truth . therefore , it is not clear how the methods compare in various aspects and what are the factors affectin ←
→ dart : distribution aware retinal transform for event - based cameras ; we introduce a new event - based visual descriptor , termed as distribution aware retinal transform ( dart ), for pattern recognition using silicon retina cameras . the dart descriptor captures the information of the spatio - temporal distribution of events , and forms a rich structural representation . consequently , the event context encoded by dart greatly simplifies the feature correspondence problem , which is highly relevant to many event - based ←
→ training sparse neural networks ; deep neural networks with lots of parameters are typically used for large - scale computer vision tasks such as image classification . this is a result of using dense matrix multiplications and convolutions . however , sparse computations are known to be much more efficient . in this work , we train and build neural networks which implicitly use sparse computations . we introduce additional gate variables to perform parameter selection and show that this is equivalent to using a sp ←
→ feature selection based on machine learning in mris for hippocampal segmentation ; neurodegenerative diseases are frequently associated with structural changes in the brain . magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) scans can show these variations and therefore be used as a supportive feature for a number of neurodegenerative diseases . the hippocampus has been known to be a biomarker for alzheimer disease and other neurological and psychiatric diseases . however , it requires accurate , robust and reproducible deline ←
→ restricted causal inference algorithm ; this paper proposes a new algorithm for recovery of belief network structure from data handling hidden variables . it consists essentially in an extension of the ci algorithm of spirtes et al . by restricting the number of conditional dependencies checked up to k variables and in an extension of the original ci by additional steps transforming so called partial including path graph into a belief network . its correctness is demonstrated .←
→ learning with algebraic invariances , and the invariant kernel trick ; when solving data analysis problems it is important to integrate prior knowledge and / or structural invariances . this paper contributes by a novel framework for incorporating algebraic invariance structure into kernels . in particular , we show that algebraic properties such as sign symmetries in data , phase independence , scaling etc . can be included easily by essentially performing the kernel trick twice . we demonstrate the usefulness of ou ←
→ ground truth bias in external cluster validity indices ; it has been noticed that some external cvis exhibit a preferential bias towards a larger or smaller number of clusters which is monotonic ( directly or inversely ) in the number of clusters in candidate partitions . this type of bias is caused by the functional form of the cvi model . for example , the popular rand index ( ri ) exhibits a monotone increasing ( ncinc ) bias , while the jaccard index ( ji ) index suffers from a monotone decreasing ( ncdec ) bias . thi ←
→ blind image deblurring via reweighted graph total variation ; blind image deblurring , i . e ., deblurring without knowledge of the blur kernel , is a highly ill - posed problem . the problem can be solved in two parts : i ) estimate a blur kernel from the blurry image , and ii ) given estimated blur kernel , de - convolve blurry input to restore the target image . in this paper , by interpreting an image patch as a signal on a weighted graph , we first argue that a skeleton image --- a proxy that retains the strong gradients ←
→ salsa : a novel dataset for multimodal group behavior analysis ; studying free - standing conversational groups ( fcgs ) in unstructured social settings ( e . g ., cocktail party ) is gratifying due to the wealth of information available at the group ( mining social networks ) and individual ( recognizing native behavioral and personality traits ) levels . however , analyzing social scenes involving fcgs is also highly challenging due to the difficulty in extracting behavioral cues such as target locations , their speaking ←
→ improving image clustering using sparse text and the wisdom of the crowds ; we propose a method to improve image clustering using sparse text and the wisdom of the crowds . in particular , we present a method to fuse two different kinds of document features , image and text features , and use a common dictionary or " wisdom of the crowds " as the connection between the two different kinds of documents . with the proposed fusion matrix , we use topic modeling via non - negative matrix factorization to cluster docume ←
→ artificial neural network based diagnostic model for causes of success and failures ; in this paper an attempt has been made to identify most important human resource factors and propose a diagnostic model based on the back - propagation and connectionist model approaches of artificial neural network ( ann ). the focus of the study is on the mobile - communication industry of india . the ann based approach is particularly important because conventional approaches ( such as algorithmic ) to the problem solving hav ←
→ estimating speech from lip dynamics ; the goal of this project is to develop a limited lip reading algorithm for a subset of the english language . we consider a scenario in which no audio information is available . the raw video is processed and the position of the lips in each frame is extracted . we then prepare the lip data for processing and classify the lips into visemes and phonemes . hidden markov models are used to predict the words the speaker is saying based on the sequences of classified phonemes an ←
→ partial - order planning with concurrent interacting actions ; in order to generate plans for agents with multiple actuators , agent teams , or distributed controllers , we must be able to represent and plan using concurrent actions with interacting effects . this has historically been considered a challenging task requiring a temporal planner with the ability to reason explicitly about time . we show that with simple modifications , the strips action representation language can be used to represent interacting act ←
→ computational optimal transport ; optimal transport ( ot ) is a mathematical gem at the interface between probability , analysis and optimization . the goal of that theory is to define geometric tools that are useful to compare probability distributions . earlier contributions originated from monge ' s work in the 18th century , to be later rediscovered under a different formalism by tolstoi in the 1920 ' s , kantorovich , hitchcock and koopmans in the 1940 ' s . the problem was solved numerically by dantzig in 1949 and o ←
→ efficient and invariant convolutional neural networks for dense prediction ; convolutional neural networks have shown great success on feature extraction from raw input data such as images . although convolutional neural networks are invariant to translations on the inputs , they are not invariant to other transformations , including rotation and flip . recent attempts have been made to incorporate more invariance in image recognition applications , but they are not applicable to dense prediction tasks , such a ←
→ generalization properties of doubly stochastic learning algorithms ; doubly stochastic learning algorithms are scalable kernel methods that perform very well in practice . however , their generalization properties are not well understood and their analysis is challenging since the corresponding learning sequence may not be in the hypothesis space induced by the kernel . in this paper , we provide an in - depth theoretical analysis for different variants of doubly stochastic learning algorithms within the setting ←
→ off - the - grid recovery of piecewise constant images from few fourier samples ; we introduce a method to recover a continuous domain representation of a piecewise constant two - dimensional image from few low - pass fourier samples . assuming the edge set of the image is localized to the zero set of a trigonometric polynomial , we show the fourier coefficients of the partial derivatives of the image satisfy a linear annihilation relation . we present necessary and sufficient conditions for unique recovery of the i ←
→ different goals in multiscale simulations and how to reach them ; in this paper we sum up our works on multiscale programs , mainly simulations . we first start with describing what multiscaling is about , how it helps perceiving signal from a background noise in a ? ow of data for example , for a direct perception by a user or for a further use by another program . we then give three examples of multiscale techniques we used in the past , maintaining a summary , using an environmental marker introducing an history ←
→ clustering by connection center evolution ; the determination of cluster centers generally depends on the scale that we use to analyze the data to be clustered . inappropriate scale usually leads to unreasonable cluster centers and thus unreasonable results . in this study , we first consider the similarity of elements in the data as the connectivity of nodes in an undirected graph , then present the concept of a connection center and regard it as the cluster center of the data . based on this definition , the de ←
→ efficient training - image based geostatistical simulation and inversion using a spatial generative adversarial neural network ; probabilistic inversion within a multiple - point statistics framework is still computationally prohibitive for large - scale problems . to partly address this , we introduce and evaluate a new training - image based simulation and inversion approach for complex geologic media . our approach relies on a deep neural network of the spatial generative adversarial network ( sgan ) type . after tr ←
→ learning sparse gradients for variable selection and dimension reduction ; variable selection and dimension reduction are two commonly adopted approaches for high - dimensional data analysis , but have traditionally been treated separately . here we propose an integrated approach , called sparse gradient learning ( sgl ), for variable selection and dimension reduction via learning the gradients of the prediction function directly from samples . by imposing a sparsity constraint on the gradients , variable selection ←
→ exploiting social network structure for person - to - person sentiment analysis ; person - to - person evaluations are prevalent in all kinds of discourse and important for establishing reputations , building social bonds , and shaping public opinion . such evaluations can be analyzed separately using signed social networks and textual sentiment analysis , but this misses the rich interactions between language and social context . to capture such interactions , we develop a model that predicts individual a ' s opinion of ←
→ build a compact binary neural network through bit - level sensitivity and data pruning ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) has been widely used for vision - based tasks . due to the high computational complexity and memory storage requirement , it is hard to directly deploy a full - precision cnn on embedded devices . the hardware - friendly designs are needed for re - source - limited and energy - constrained embed - ded devices . emerging solutions are adopted for the neural network compression , e . g ., bina - ry / ternary weig ←
→ application of ontologies in cloud computing : the state - of - the - art ; this paper presents a systematic survey on existing literature and seminal works relevant to the application of ontologies in different aspects of cloud computing . our hypothesis is that ontologies along with their reasoning capabilities can have significant impact on improving various aspects of the cloud computing phenomena . ontologies can promote intelligent decision support mechanisms for various cloud based services . they can also pro ←
→ pattern localization in time series through signal - to - model alignment in latent space ; in this paper , we study the problem of locating a predefined sequence of patterns in a time series . in particular , the studied scenario assumes a theoretical model is available that contains the expected locations of the patterns . this problem is found in several contexts , and it is commonly solved by first synthesizing a time series from the model , and then aligning it to the true time series through dynamic time warp ←
→ estimating activity at multiple scales using spatial abstractions ; autonomous robots operating in dynamic environments must maintain beliefs over a hypothesis space that is rich enough to represent the activities of interest at different scales . this is important both in order to accommodate the availability of evidence at varying degrees of coarseness , such as when interpreting and assimilating natural instructions , but also in order to make subsequent reactive planning more efficient . we present an algor ←
→ revisiting selectional preferences for coreference resolution ; selectional preferences have long been claimed to be essential for coreference resolution . however , they are mainly modeled only implicitly by current coreference resolvers . we propose a dependency - based embedding model of selectional preferences which allows fine - grained compatibility judgments with high coverage . we show that the incorporation of our model improves coreference resolution performance on the conll dataset , matching the state - of ←
→ discrete hashing with deep neural network ; this paper addresses the problem of learning binary hash codes for large scale image search by proposing a novel hashing method based on deep neural network . the advantage of our deep model over previous deep model used in hashing is that our model contains necessary criteria for producing good codes such as similarity preserving , balance and independence . another advantage of our method is that instead of relaxing the binary constraint of codes during the learnin ←
→ price and profit awareness in recommender systems ; academic research in the field of recommender systems mainly focuses on the problem of maximizing the users ' utility by trying to identify the most relevant items for each user . however , such items are not necessarily the ones that maximize the utility of the service provider ( e . g ., an online retailer ) in terms of the business value , such as profit . one approach to increasing the providers ' utility is to incorporate purchase - oriented information , e . g ., the ←
→ greedy feature selection for subspace clustering ; unions of subspaces provide a powerful generalization to linear subspace models for collections of high - dimensional data . to learn a union of subspaces from a collection of data , sets of signals in the collection that belong to the same subspace must be identified in order to obtain accurate estimates of the subspace structures present in the data . recently , sparse recovery methods have been shown to provide a provable and robust strategy for exact feature ←
→ compressing deep neural networks : a new hashing pipeline using kac ' s random walk matrices ; the popularity of deep learning is increasing by the day . however , despite the recent advancements in hardware , deep neural networks remain computationally intensive . recent work has shown that by preserving the angular distance between vectors , random feature maps are able to reduce dimensionality without introducing bias to the estimator . we test a variety of established hashing pipelines as well as a new approac ←
→ local nearest neighbour classification with applications to semi - supervised learning ; we derive a new asymptotic expansion for the global excess risk of a local $ k $- nearest neighbour classifier , where the choice of $ k $ may depend upon the test point . this expansion elucidates conditions under which the dominant contribution to the excess risk comes from the locus of points at which each class label is equally likely to occur , but we also show that if these conditions are not satisfied , the dominant contr ←
→ a large population size can be unhelpful in evolutionary algorithms ; the utilization of populations is one of the most important features of evolutionary algorithms ( eas ). there have been many studies analyzing the impact of different population sizes on the performance of eas . however , most of such studies are based computational experiments , except for a few cases . the common wisdom so far appears to be that a large population would increase the population diversity and thus help an ea . indeed , increasin ←
→ identifying trends in word frequency dynamics ; the word - stock of a language is a complex dynamical system in which words can be created , evolve , and become extinct . even more dynamic are the short - term fluctuations in word usage by individuals in a population . building on the recent demonstration that word niche is a strong determinant of future rise or fall in word frequency , here we introduce a model that allows us to distinguish persistent from temporary increases in frequency . our model is illustrated ←
→ unsupervised k - nearest neighbor regression ; in many scientific disciplines structures in high - dimensional data have to be found , e . g ., in stellar spectra , in genome data , or in face recognition tasks . in this work we present a novel approach to non - linear dimensionality reduction . it is based on fitting k - nearest neighbor regression to the unsupervised regression framework for learning of low - dimensional manifolds . similar to related approaches that are mostly based on kernel methods , unsupervised k - neares ←
→ a boosting framework on grounds of online learning ; by exploiting the duality between boosting and online learning , we present a boosting framework which proves to be extremely powerful thanks to employing the vast knowledge available in the online learning area . using this framework , we develop various algorithms to address multiple practically and theoretically interesting questions including sparse boosting , smooth - distribution boosting , agnostic learning and some generalization to double - projection onl ←
→ 200x low - dose pet reconstruction using deep learning ; positron emission tomography ( pet ) is widely used in various clinical applications , including cancer diagnosis , heart disease and neuro disorders . the use of radioactive tracer in pet imaging raises concerns due to the risk of radiation exposure . to minimize this potential risk in pet imaging , efforts have been made to reduce the amount of radio - tracer usage . however , lowing dose results in low signal - to - noise - ratio ( snr ) and loss of information , both o ←
→ path planning for robotic mobile fulfillment systems ; this paper presents a collection of path planning algorithms for real - time movement of multiple robots across a robotic mobile fulfillment system ( rmfs ). robots are assigned to move storage units to pickers at working stations instead of requiring pickers to go to the storage area . path planning algorithms aim to find paths for the robots to fulfill the requests without collisions or deadlocks . the state - of - the - art path planning algorithms , including wh ←
→ telemedicine as a special case of machine translation ; machine translation is evolving quite rapidly in terms of quality . nowadays , we have several machine translation systems available in the web , which provide reasonable translations . however , these systems are not perfect , and their quality may decrease in some specific domains . this paper examines the effects of different training methods when it comes to polish - english statistical machine translation system used for the medical data . numerous elemen ←
→ improving chinese srl with heterogeneous annotations ; previous studies on chinese semantic role labeling ( srl ) have concentrated on single semantically annotated corpus . but the training data of single corpus is often limited . meanwhile , there usually exists other semantically annotated corpora for chinese srl scattered across different annotation frameworks . data sparsity remains a bottleneck . this situation calls for larger training datasets , or effective approaches which can take advantage of highly het ←
→ fpga based parallelized architecture of efficient graph based image segmentation algorithm ; efficient and real time segmentation of color images has a variety of importance in many fields of computer vision such as image compression , medical imaging , mapping and autonomous navigation . being one of the most computationally expensive operation , it is usually done through software imple - mentation using high - performance processors . in robotic systems , however , with the constrained platform dimensions and th ←
→ social media writing style fingerprint ; we present our approach for computer - aided social media text authorship attribution based on recent advances in short text authorship verification . we use various natural language techniques to create word - level and character - level models that act as hidden layers to simulate a simple neural network . the choice of word - level and character - level models in each layer was informed through validation performance . the output layer of our system uses an unweighted majority ←
→ vizdoom : a doom - based ai research platform for visual reinforcement learning ; the recent advances in deep neural networks have led to effective vision - based reinforcement learning methods that have been employed to obtain human - level controllers in atari 2600 games from pixel data . atari 2600 games , however , do not resemble real - world tasks since they involve non - realistic 2d environments and the third - person perspective . here , we propose a novel test - bed platform for reinforcement learning research from ←
→ a new understanding of prediction markets via no - regret learning ; we explore the striking mathematical connections that exist between market scoring rules , cost function based prediction markets , and no - regret learning . we show that any cost function based prediction market can be interpreted as an algorithm for the commonly studied problem of learning from expert advice by equating trades made in the market with losses observed by the learning algorithm . if the loss of the market organizer is bounded , thi ←
→ measuring thematic fit with distributional feature overlap ; in this paper , we introduce a new distributional method for modeling predicate - argument thematic fit judgments . we use a syntax - based dsm to build a prototypical representation of verb - specific roles : for every verb , we extract the most salient second order contexts for each of its roles ( i . e . the most salient dimensions of typical role fillers ), and then we compute thematic fit as a weighted overlap between the top features of candidate fillers a ←
→ on the robustness of convolutional neural networks to internal architecture and weight perturbations ; deep convolutional neural networks are generally regarded as robust function approximators . so far , this intuition is based on perturbations to external stimuli such as the images to be classified . here we explore the robustness of convolutional neural networks to perturbations to the internal weights and architecture of the network itself . we show that convolutional networks are surprisingly robust to a ←
→ robust rigid point registration based on convolution of adaptive gaussian mixture models ; matching 3d rigid point clouds in complex environments robustly and accurately is still a core technique used in many applications . this paper proposes a new architecture combining error estimation from sample covariances and dual global probability alignment based on the convolution of adaptive gaussian mixture models ( gmm ) from point clouds . firstly , a novel adaptive gmm is defined using probability distributions ←
→ neural daylight control system ; the paper describes the design , the implementation of a neural controller used in an automatic daylight control system . the automatic lighting control system ( alcs ) attempt to maintain constant the illuminance at the desired level on working plane even if the daylight contribution is variable . therefore , the daylight will represent the perturbation signal for the alcs . the mathematical model of process is unknown . the applied structure of control need the inverse model of pr ←
→ what a nerd ! beating students and vector cosine in the esl and toefl datasets ; in this paper , we claim that vector cosine , which is generally considered one of the most efficient unsupervised measures for identifying word similarity in vector space models , can be outperformed by a completely unsupervised measure that evaluates the extent of the intersection among the most associated contexts of two target words , weighting such intersection according to the rank of the shared contexts in the dependency ra ←
→ boosting as a product of experts ; in this paper , we derive a novel probabilistic model of boosting as a product of experts . we re - derive the boosting algorithm as a greedy incremental model selection procedure which ensures that addition of new experts to the ensemble does not decrease the likelihood of the data . these learning rules lead to a generic boosting algorithm - poe - boost which turns out to be similar to the adaboost algorithm under certain assumptions on the expert probabilities . the paper then ←
→ enhanced image classification with data augmentation using position coordinates ; in this paper we propose the use of image pixel position coordinate system to improve image classification accuracy in various applications . specifically , we hypothesize that the use of pixel coordinates will lead to ( a ) resolution invariant performance . here , by resolution we mean the spacing between the pixels rather than the size of the image matrix . ( b ) overall improvement in classification accuracy in comparison with ne ←
→ a statistical learning based system for fake website detection ; existing fake website detection systems are unable to effectively detect fake websites . in this study , we advocate the development of fake website detection systems that employ classification methods grounded in statistical learning theory ( slt ). experimental results reveal that a prototype system developed using slt - based methods outperforms seven existing fake website detection systems on a test bed encompassing 900 real and fake websites .←
→ consistent discretization and minimization of the l1 norm on manifolds ; the l1 norm has been tremendously popular in signal and image processing in the past two decades due to its sparsity - promoting properties . more recently , its generalization to non - euclidean domains has been found useful in shape analysis applications . for example , in conjunction with the minimization of the dirichlet energy , it was shown to produce a compactly supported quasi - harmonic orthonormal basis , dubbed as compressed manifold mo ←
→ atnosferes revisited ; atnosferes is a pittsburgh style learning classifier system ( lcs ) in which the rules are represented as edges of an augmented transition network . genotypes are strings of tokens of a stack - based language , whose execution builds the labeled graph . the original atnosferes , using a bitstring to represent the language tokens , has been favorably compared in previous work to several michigan style lcss architectures in the context of non markov problems . several modifications of atnosferes ←
→ automatic extrinsic calibration for lidar - stereo vehicle sensor setups ; sensor setups consisting of a combination of 3d range scanner lasers and stereo vision systems are becoming a popular choice for on - board perception systems in vehicles ; however , the combined use of both sources of information implies a tedious calibration process . we present a method for extrinsic calibration of lidar - stereo camera pairs without user intervention . our calibration approach is aimed to cope with the constraints commonly ←
→ two representations for iterative non - prioritized change ; we address a general representation problem for belief change , and describe two interrelated representations for iterative non - prioritized change : a logical representation in terms of persistent epistemic states , and a constructive representation in terms of flocks of bases .←
→ inference in hybrid bayesian networks using mixtures of gaussians ; the main goal of this paper is to describe a method for exact inference in general hybrid bayesian networks ( bns ) ( with a mixture of discrete and continuous chance variables ). our method consists of approximating general hybrid bayesian networks by a mixture of gaussians ( mog ) bns . there exists a fast algorithm by lauritzen - jensen ( lj ) for making exact inferences in mog bayesian networks , and there exists a commercial implementation of this ←
→ stratified knowledge bases as interpretable probabilistic models ( extended abstract ) ; in this paper , we advocate the use of stratified logical theories for representing probabilistic models . we argue that such encodings can be more interpretable than those obtained in existing frameworks such as markov logic networks . among others , this allows for the use of domain experts to improve learned models by directly removing , adding , or modifying logical formulas .←
→ cognitive mapping and planning for visual navigation ; we introduce a neural architecture for navigation in novel environments . our proposed architecture learns to map from first - person views and plans a sequence of actions towards goals in the environment . the cognitive mapper and planner ( cmp ) is based on two key ideas : a ) a unified joint architecture for mapping and planning , such that the mapping is driven by the needs of the planner , and b ) a spatial memory with the ability to plan given an incomplete ←
→ horovod : fast and easy distributed deep learning in tensorflow ; training modern deep learning models requires large amounts of computation , often provided by gpus . scaling computation from one gpu to many can enable much faster training and research progress but entails two complications . first , the training library must support inter - gpu communication . depending on the particular methods employed , this communication may entail anywhere from negligible to significant overhead . second , the user must modify ←
→ transition - based dependency parsing with pluggable classifiers ; in principle , the design of transition - based dependency parsers makes it possible to experiment with any general - purpose classifier without other changes to the parsing algorithm . in practice , however , it often takes substantial software engineering to bridge between the different representations used by two software packages . here we present extensions to maltparser that allow the drop - in use of any classifier conforming to the interface of t ←
→ fusion of multispectral data through illumination - aware deep neural networks for pedestrian detection ; multispectral pedestrian detection has received extensive attention in recent years as a promising solution to facilitate robust human target detection for around - the - clock applications ( e . g . security surveillance and autonomous driving ). in this paper , we demonstrate illumination information encoded in multispectral images can be utilized to significantly boost performance of pedestrian detection . a no ←
→ communicating with sentences : a multi - word naming game model ; naming game simulates the process of naming an object by a single word , in which a population of communicating agents can reach global consensus asymptotically through iteratively pair - wise conversations . we propose an extension of the single - word model to a multi - word naming game ( mwng ), simulating the case of describing a complex object by a sentence ( multiple words ). words are defined in categories , and then organized as sentences by combinin ←
→ image dynamic range enhancement in the context of logarithmic models ; images of a scene observed under a variable illumination or with a variable optical aperture are not identical . does a privileged representant exist ? in which mathematical context ? how to obtain it ? the authors answer to such questions in the context of logarithmic models for images . after a short presentation of the model , the paper presents two image transforms : one performs an optimal enhancement of the dynamic range , and the other do ←
→ multi - column deep neural networks for image classification ; traditional methods of computer vision and machine learning cannot match human performance on tasks such as the recognition of handwritten digits or traffic signs . our biologically plausible deep artificial neural network architectures can . small ( often minimal ) receptive fields of convolutional winner - take - all neurons yield large network depth , resulting in roughly as many sparsely connected neural layers as found in mammals between retina and vi ←
→ watset : automatic induction of synsets from a graph of synonyms ; this paper presents a new graph - based approach that induces synsets using synonymy dictionaries and word embeddings . first , we build a weighted graph of synonyms extracted from commonly available resources , such as wiktionary . second , we apply word sense induction to deal with ambiguous words . finally , we cluster the disambiguated version of the ambiguous input graph into synsets . our meta - clustering approach lets us use an efficient hard clu ←
→ incorporating global visual features into attention - based neural machine translation ; we introduce multi - modal , attention - based neural machine translation ( nmt ) models which incorporate visual features into different parts of both the encoder and the decoder . we utilise global image features extracted using a pre - trained convolutional neural network and incorporate them ( i ) as words in the source sentence , ( ii ) to initialise the encoder hidden state , and ( iii ) as additional data to initialise the decoder ←
→ comparative evaluation of state - of - the - art algorithms for ssvep - based bcis ; brain - computer interfaces ( bcis ) have been gaining momentum in making human - computer interaction more natural , especially for people with neuro - muscular disabilities . among the existing solutions the systems relying on electroencephalograms ( eeg ) occupy the most prominent place due to their non - invasiveness . however , the process of translating eeg signals into computer commands is far from trivial , since it requires the optimizat ←
→ an effective method for fingerprint classification ; this paper presents an effective method for fingerprint classification using data mining approach . initially , it generates a numeric code sequence for each fingerprint image based on the ridge flow patterns . then for each class , a seed is selected by using a frequent itemsets generation technique . these seeds are subsequently used for clustering the fingerprint images . the proposed method was tested and evaluated in terms of several real - life datasets and ←
→ a statistical model for simultaneous template estimation , bias correction , and registration of 3d brain images ; template estimation plays a crucial role in computational anatomy since it provides reference frames for performing statistical analysis of the underlying anatomical population variability . while building models for template estimation , variability in sites and image acquisition protocols need to be accounted for . to account for such variability , we propose a generative template estimation mode ←
→ activation ensembles for deep neural networks ; many activation functions have been proposed in the past , but selecting an adequate one requires trial and error . we propose a new methodology of designing activation functions within a neural network at each layer . we call this technique an " activation ensemble " because it allows the use of multiple activation functions at each layer . this is done by introducing additional variables , $\ alpha $, at each activation layer of a network to allow for multiple activa ←
→ feature selection via regularized trees ; we propose a tree regularization framework , which enables many tree models to perform feature selection efficiently . the key idea of the regularization framework is to penalize selecting a new feature for splitting when its gain ( e . g . information gain ) is similar to the features used in previous splits . the regularization framework is applied on random forest and boosted trees here , and can be easily applied to other tree models . experimental studies show that the r ←
→ self - learning cloud controllers : fuzzy q - learning for knowledge evolution ; cloud controllers aim at responding to application demands by automatically scaling the compute resources at runtime to meet performance guarantees and minimize resource costs . existing cloud controllers often resort to scaling strategies that are codified as a set of adaptation rules . however , for a cloud provider , applications running on top of the cloud infrastructure are more or less black - boxes , making it difficult at design ←
→ inferring knowledge from a large semantic network ; in this paper , we present a rich semantic network based on a differential analysis . we then detail implemented measures that take into account common and differential features between words . in a last section , we describe some industrial applications .←
→ convolutional neural networks at constrained time cost ; though recent advanced convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been improving the image recognition accuracy , the models are getting more complex and time - consuming . for real - world applications in industrial and commercial scenarios , engineers and developers are often faced with the requirement of constrained time budget . in this paper , we investigate the accuracy of cnns under constrained time cost . under this constraint , the designs of the network ←
→ near - optimal coresets of kernel density estimates ; we construct near - optimal coresets for kernel density estimate for points in $\ mathbb { r ^ d }$ when the kernel is positive definite . specifically we show a polynomial time construction for a coreset of size $ o (\ sqrt { d \ log ( 1 /\ epsilon )}/\ epsilon )$, and we show a near - matching lower bound of size $\ omega (\ sqrt { d }/\ epsilon )$. the upper bound is a polynomial in $ 1 /\ epsilon $ improvement when $ d \ in [ 3 , 1 /\ epsilon ^ 2 )$ ( for all kernels except the gaussian kernel whic ←
→ feature selection for microarray gene expression data using simulated annealing guided by the multivariate joint entropy ; in this work a new way to calculate the multivariate joint entropy is presented . this measure is the basis for a fast information - theoretic based evaluation of gene relevance in a microarray gene expression data context . its low complexity is based on the reuse of previous computations to calculate current feature relevance . the mu - tafs algorithm -- named as such to differentiate it fr ←
→ detecting blackholes and volcanoes in directed networks ; in this paper , we formulate a novel problem for finding blackhole and volcano patterns in a large directed graph . specifically , a blackhole pattern is a group which is made of a set of nodes in a way such that there are only inlinks to this group from the rest nodes in the graph . in contrast , a volcano pattern is a group which only has outlinks to the rest nodes in the graph . both patterns can be observed in real world . for instance , in a trading net ←
→ adaptive pca for time - varying data ; in this paper , we present an online adaptive pca algorithm that is able to compute the full dimensional eigenspace per new time - step of sequential data . the algorithm is based on a one - step update rule that considers all second order correlations between previous samples and the new time - step . our algorithm has o ( n ) complexity per new time - step in its deterministic mode and o ( 1 ) complexity per new time - step in its stochastic mode . we test our algorithm on a number of tim ←
→ authorship attribution using word network features ; in this paper , we explore a set of novel features for authorship attribution of documents . these features are derived from a word network representation of natural language text . as has been noted in previous studies , natural language tends to show complex network structure at word level , with low degrees of separation and scale - free ( power law ) degree distribution . there has also been work on authorship attribution that incorporates ideas from complex ne ←
→ a deterministic annealing approach to the multiple traveling salesmen and related problems ; this paper presents a novel and efficient heuristic framework for approximating the solutions to the multiple traveling salesmen problem ( m - tsp ) and other variants on the tsp . the approach adopted in this paper is an extension of the maximum - entropy - principle ( mep ) and the deterministic annealing ( da ) algorithm . the framework is presented as a general tool that can be suitably adapted to a number of variants on th ←
→ hands - free evolution of 3d - printable objects via eye tracking ; interactive evolution has shown the potential to create amazing and complex forms in both 2 - d and 3 - d settings . however , the algorithm is slow and users quickly become fatigued . we propose that the use of eye tracking for interactive evolution systems will both reduce user fatigue and improve evolutionary success . we describe a systematic method for testing the hypothesis that eye tracking driven interactive evolution will be a more successful ←
→ advances in exact bayesian structure discovery in bayesian networks ; we consider a bayesian method for learning the bayesian network structure from complete data . recently , koivisto and sood ( 2004 ) presented an algorithm that for any single edge computes its marginal posterior probability in o ( n 2 ^ n ) time , where n is the number of attributes ; the number of parents per attribute is bounded by a constant . in this paper we show that the posterior probabilities for all the n ( n - 1 ) potential edges can be comp ←
→ exploring epoch - dependent stochastic residual networks ; the recently proposed stochastic residual networks selectively activate or bypass the layers during training , based on independent stochastic choices , each of which following a probability distribution that is fixed in advance . in this paper we present a first exploration on the use of an epoch - dependent distribution , starting with a higher probability of bypassing deeper layers and then activating them more frequently as training progresses . prelimin ←
→ deep residual network for joint demosaicing and super - resolution ; in digital photography , two image restoration tasks have been studied extensively and resolved independently : demosaicing and super - resolution . both these tasks are related to resolution limitations of the camera . performing super - resolution on a demosaiced images simply exacerbates the artifacts introduced by demosaicing . in this paper , we show that such accumulation of errors can be easily averted by jointly performing demosaicing and supe ←
→ multilingual lexicon design tool and database management system for mt ; the paper presents the design and development of english - lithuanian - english dictionarylexicon tool and lexicon database management system for mt . the system is oriented to support two main requirements : to be open to the user and to describe much more attributes of speech parts as a regular dictionary that are required for the mt . programming language java and database management system mysql is used to implement the designing tool and ←
→ diverse beam search : decoding diverse solutions from neural sequence models ; neural sequence models are widely used to model time - series data in many fields . equally ubiquitous is the usage of beam search ( bs ) as an approximate inference algorithm to decode output sequences from these models . bs explores the search space in a greedy left - right fashion retaining only the top -$ b $ candidates -- resulting in sequences that differ only slightly from each other . producing lists of nearly identical sequences is ←
→ empirically evaluating multiagent learning algorithms ; there exist many algorithms for learning how to play repeated bimatrix games . most of these algorithms are justified in terms of some sort of theoretical guarantee . on the other hand , little is known about the empirical performance of these algorithms . most such claims in the literature are based on small experiments , which has hampered understanding as well as the development of new multiagent learning ( mal ) algorithms . we have developed a new suite o ←
→ actionflownet : learning motion representation for action recognition ; even with the recent advances in convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) in various visual recognition tasks , the state - of - the - art action recognition system still relies on hand crafted motion feature such as optical flow to achieve the best performance . we propose a multitask learning model actionflownet to train a single stream network directly from raw pixels to jointly estimate optical flow while recognizing actions with convolutional ne ←
→ c2msnet : a novel approach for single image haze removal ; degradation of image quality due to the presence of haze is a very common phenomenon . existing dehazenet [ 3 ], mscnn [ 11 ] tackled the drawbacks of hand crafted haze relevant features . however , these methods have the problem of color distortion in gloomy ( poor illumination ) environment . in this paper , a cardinal ( red , green and blue ) color fusion network for single image haze removal is proposed . in first stage , network fusses color information present ←
→ deep patch learning for weakly supervised object classification and discovery ; patch - level image representation is very important for object classification and detection , since it is robust to spatial transformation , scale variation , and cluttered background . many existing methods usually require fine - grained supervisions ( e . g ., bounding - box annotations ) to learn patch features , which requires a great effort to label images may limit their potential applications . in this paper , we propose to learn patch ←
→ regularization for multiple kernel learning via sum - product networks ; in this paper , we are interested in constructing general graph - based regularizers for multiple kernel learning ( mkl ) given a structure which is used to describe the way of combining basis kernels . such structures are represented by sum - product networks ( spns ) in our method . accordingly we propose a new convex regularization method for mlk based on a path - dependent kernel weighting function which encodes the entire spn structure in our me ←
→ facial expression recognition based on complexity perception classification algorithm ; facial expression recognition ( fer ) has always been a challenging issue in computer vision . the different expressions of emotion and uncontrolled environmental factors lead to inconsistencies in the complexity of fer and variability of between expression categories , which is often overlooked in most facial expression recognition systems . in order to solve this problem effectively , we presented a simple and efficient cn ←
→ loss - sensitive generative adversarial networks on lipschitz densities ; in this paper , we present the lipschitz regularization theory and algorithms for a novel loss - sensitive generative adversarial network ( ls - gan ). specifically , it trains a loss function to distinguish between real and fake samples by designated margins , while learning a generator alternately to produce realistic samples by minimizing their losses . the ls - gan further regularizes its loss function with a lipschitz regularity condition on t ←
→ learning causally - generated stationary time series ; we present the causal gaussian process convolution model ( cgpcm ), a doubly nonparametric model for causal , spectrally complex dynamical phenomena . the cgpcm is a generative model in which white noise is passed through a causal , nonparametric - window moving - average filter , a construction that we show to be equivalent to a gaussian process with a nonparametric kernel that is biased towards causally - generated signals . we develop enhanced variational inference ←
→ recent trends in deep learning based natural language processing ; deep learning methods employ multiple processing layers to learn hierarchical representations of data , and have produced state - of - the - art results in many domains . recently , a variety of model designs and methods have blossomed in the context of natural language processing ( nlp ). in this paper , we review significant deep learning related models and methods that have been employed for numerous nlp tasks and provide a walk - through of their evol ←
→ clipper : a low - latency online prediction serving system ; machine learning is being deployed in a growing number of applications which demand real - time , accurate , and robust predictions under heavy query load . however , most machine learning frameworks and systems only address model training and not deployment . in this paper , we introduce clipper , a general - purpose low - latency prediction serving system . interposing between end - user applications and a wide range of machine learning frameworks , clipper intro ←
→ exploiting domain knowledge via grouped weight sharing with application to text categorization ; a fundamental advantage of neural models for nlp is their ability to learn representations from scratch . however , in practice this often means ignoring existing external linguistic resources , e . g ., wordnet or domain specific ontologies such as the unified medical language system ( umls ). we propose a general , novel method for exploiting such resources via weight sharing . prior work on weight sharing in neural n ←
→ shallow discourse parsing using distributed argument representations and bayesian optimization ; this paper describes the georgia tech team ' s approach to the conll - 2016 supplementary evaluation on discourse relation sense classification . we use long short - term memories ( lstm ) to induce distributed representations of each argument , and then combine these representations with surface features in a neural network . the architecture of the neural network is determined by bayesian hyperparameter search .←
→ generalizing boolean satisfiability i : background and survey of existing work ; this is the first of three planned papers describing zap , a satisfiability engine that substantially generalizes existing tools while retaining the performance characteristics of modern high - performance solvers . the fundamental idea underlying zap is that many problems passed to such engines contain rich internal structure that is obscured by the boolean representation used ; our goal is to define a representation in which this ←
→ log - linear rnns : towards recurrent neural networks with flexible prior knowledge ; we introduce ll - rnns ( log - linear rnns ), an extension of recurrent neural networks that replaces the softmax output layer by a log - linear output layer , of which the softmax is a special case . this conceptually simple move has two main advantages . first , it allows the learner to combat training data sparsity by allowing it to model words ( or more generally , output symbols ) as complex combinations of attributes without requiri ←
→ sort : second - order response transform for visual recognition ; in this paper , we reveal the importance and benefits of introducing second - order operations into deep neural networks . we propose a novel approach named second - order response transform ( sort ), which appends element - wise product transform to the linear sum of a two - branch network module . a direct advantage of sort is to facilitate cross - branch response propagation , so that each branch can update its weights based on the current status of the othe ←
→ do neural nets learn statistical laws behind natural language ? ; the performance of deep learning in natural language processing has been spectacular , but the reasons for this success remain unclear because of the inherent complexity of deep learning . this paper provides empirical evidence of its effectiveness and of a limitation of neural networks for language engineering . precisely , we demonstrate that a neural language model based on long short - term memory ( lstm ) effectively reproduces zipf ' s law and hea ←
→ tumour ellipsification in ultrasound images for treatment prediction in breast cancer ; recent advances in using quantitative ultrasound ( qus ) methods have provided a promising framework to non - invasively and inexpensively monitor or predict the effectiveness of therapeutic cancer responses . one of the earliest steps in using qus methods is contouring a region of interest ( roi ) inside the tumour in ultrasound b - mode images . while manual segmentation is a very time - consuming and tedious task for human expe ←
→ limiting the reconstruction capability of generative neural network using negative learning ; generative models are widely used for unsupervised learning with various applications , including data compression and signal restoration . training methods for such systems focus on the generality of the network given limited amount of training data . a less researched type of techniques concerns generation of only a single type of input . this is useful for applications such as constraint handling , noise reduction ←
→ role - dynamics : fast mining of large dynamic networks ; to understand the structural dynamics of a large - scale social , biological or technological network , it may be useful to discover behavioral roles representing the main connectivity patterns present over time . in this paper , we propose a scalable non - parametric approach to automatically learn the structural dynamics of the network and individual nodes . roles may represent structural or behavioral patterns such as the center of a star , peripheral nodes , o ←
→ loss functions for multiset prediction ; we study the problem of multiset prediction . the goal of multiset prediction is to train a predictor that maps an input to a multiset consisting of multiple items . unlike existing problems in supervised learning , such as classification , ranking and sequence generation , there is no known order among items in a target multiset , and each item in the multiset may appear more than once , making this problem extremely challenging . in this paper , we propose a novel multiset ←
→ natural language guided visual relationship detection ; reasoning about the relationships between object pairs in images is a crucial task for holistic scene understanding . most of the existing works treat this task as a pure visual classification task : each type of relationship or phrase is classified as a relation category based on the extracted visual features . however , each kind of relationships has a wide variety of object combination and each pair of objects has diverse interactions . obtaining suffici ←
→ a linear - time particle gibbs sampler for infinite hidden markov models ; infinite hidden markov models ( ihmm ' s ) are an attractive , nonparametric generalization of the classical hidden markov model which can automatically infer the number of hidden states in the system . however , due to the infinite - dimensional nature of transition dynamics performing inference in the ihmm is difficult . in this paper , we present an infinite - state particle gibbs ( pg ) algorithm to resample state trajectories for the ihmm . the p ←
→ characterizing and computing stable models of logic programs : the non - stratified case ; stable logic programming ( slp ) is an emergent , alternative style of logic programming : each solution to a problem is represented by a stable model of a deductive database / function - free logic program encoding the problem itself . several implementations now exist for stable logic programming , and their performance is rapidly improving . to make slp generally applicable , it should be possible to check for consistency ( i . e .←
→ model selection for gaussian process regression by approximation set coding ; gaussian processes are powerful , yet analytically tractable models for supervised learning . a gaussian process is characterized by a mean function and a covariance function ( kernel ), which are determined by a model selection criterion . the functions to be compared do not just differ in their parametrization but in their fundamental structure . it is often not clear which function structure to choose , for instance to decide betwee ←
→ understanding the complexity of # sat using knowledge compilation ; two main techniques have been used so far to solve the # p - hard problem # sat . the first one , used in practice , is based on an extension of dpll for model counting called exhaustive dpll . the second approach , more theoretical , exploits the structure of the input to compute the number of satisfying assignments by usually using a dynamic programming scheme on a decomposition of the formula . in this paper , we make a first step toward the separati ←
→ the biometric menagerie - a fuzzy and inconsistent concept ; this paper proves that in iris recognition , the concepts of sheep , goats , lambs and wolves - as proposed by doddington and yager in the so - called biometric menagerie , are at most fuzzy and at least not quite well defined . they depend not only on the users or on their biometric templates , but also on the parameters that calibrate the iris recognition system . this paper shows that , in the case of iris recognition , the extensions of these concepts ha ←
→ should i use tensorflow ; google ' s machine learning framework tensorflow was open - sourced in november 2015 [ 1 ] and has since built a growing community around it . tensorflow is supposed to be flexible for research purposes while also allowing its models to be deployed productively . this work is aimed towards people with experience in machine learning considering whether they should use tensorflow in their environment . several aspects of the framework important for such a decision are examined , such as the he ←
→ brain - like associative learning using a nanoscale non - volatile phase change synaptic device array ; recent advances in neuroscience together with nanoscale electronic device technology have resulted in huge interests in realizing brain - like computing hardwares using emerging nanoscale memory devices as synaptic elements . although there has been experimental work that demonstrated the operation of nanoscale synaptic element at the single device level , network level studies have been limited to simulations .←
→ human language reveals a universal positivity bias ; using human evaluation of 100 , 000 words spread across 24 corpora in 10 languages diverse in origin and culture , we present evidence of a deep imprint of human sociality in language , observing that ( 1 ) the words of natural human language possess a universal positivity bias ; ( 2 ) the estimated emotional content of words is consistent between languages under translation ; and ( 3 ) this positivity bias is strongly independent of frequency of word usage . alongsid ←
→ a comparative quantitative analysis of contemporary big data clustering algorithms for market segmentation in hospitality industry ; the hospitality industry is one of the data - rich industries that receives huge volumes of data streaming at high velocity with considerably variety , veracity , and variability . these properties make the data analysis in the hospitality industry a big data problem . meeting the customers ' expectations is a key factor in the hospitality industry to grasp the customers ' loyalty . ←
→ a mixed integer programming model formulation for solving the lot - sizing problem ; this paper addresses a mixed integer programming ( mip ) formulation for the multi - item uncapacitated lot - sizing problem that is inspired from the trailer manufacturer . the proposed mip model has been utilized to find out the optimum order quantity , optimum order time , and the minimum total cost of purchasing , ordering , and holding over the predefined planning horizon . this problem is known as np - hard problem . the model was p ←
→ sketched subspace clustering ; the immense amount of daily generated and communicated data presents unique challenges in their processing . clustering , the grouping of data without the presence of ground - truth labels , is an important tool for drawing inferences from data . subspace clustering ( sc ) is a relatively recent method that is able to successfully classify nonlinearly separable data in a multitude of settings . in spite of their high clustering accuracy , sc methods incur prohibitively high computationa ←
→ faster training of very deep networks via p - norm gates ; a major contributing factor to the recent advances in deep neural networks is structural units that let sensory information and gradients to propagate easily . gating is one such structure that acts as a flow control . gates are employed in many recent state - of - the - art recurrent models such as lstm and gru , and feedforward models such as residual nets and highway networks . this enables learning in very deep networks with hundred layers and helps achieve ←
→ qualitative system identification from imperfect data ; experience in the physical sciences suggests that the only realistic means of understanding complex systems is through the use of mathematical models . typically , this has come to mean the identification of quantitative models expressed as differential equations . quantitative modelling works best when the structure of the model ( i . e ., the form of the equations ) is known ; and the primary concern is one of estimating the values of the parameters in the mo ←
→ egocentric field - of - view localization using first - person point - of - view devices ; we present a technique that uses images , videos and sensor data taken from first - person point - of - view devices to perform egocentric field - of - view ( fov ) localization . we define egocentric fov localization as capturing the visual information from a person ' s field - of - view in a given environment and transferring this information onto a reference corpus of images and videos of the same space , hence determining what a person is att ←
→ learning multiple visual domains with residual adapters ; there is a growing interest in learning data representations that work well for many different types of problems and data . in this paper , we look in particular at the task of learning a single visual representation that can be successfully utilized in the analysis of very different types of images , from dog breeds to stop signs and digits . inspired by recent work on learning networks that predict the parameters of another , we develop a tunable deep n ←
→ crater detection via convolutional neural networks ; craters are among the most studied geomorphic features in the solar system because they yield important information about the past and present geological processes and provide information about the relative ages of observed geologic formations . we present a method for automatic crater detection using advanced machine learning to deal with the large amount of satellite imagery collected . the challenge of automatically detecting craters comes from their is ←
→ automated hate speech detection and the problem of offensive language ; a key challenge for automatic hate - speech detection on social media is the separation of hate speech from other instances of offensive language . lexical detection methods tend to have low precision because they classify all messages containing particular terms as hate speech and previous work using supervised learning has failed to distinguish between the two categories . we used a crowd - sourced hate speech lexicon to collect tweets cont ←
→ accurate parameter estimation for bayesian network classifiers using hierarchical dirichlet processes ; this paper introduces a novel parameter estimation method for the probability tables of bayesian network classifiers ( bncs ), using hierarchical dirichlet processes ( hdps ). the main result of this paper is to show that improved parameter estimation allows bncs to outperform leading learning methods such as random forest for both 0 - 1 loss and rmse , albeit just on categorical datasets . as data assets bec ←
→ face anti - spoofing based on color texture analysis ; research on face spoofing detection has mainly been focused on analyzing the luminance of the face images , hence discarding the chrominance information which can be useful for discriminating fake faces from genuine ones . in this work , we propose a new face anti - spoofing method based on color texture analysis . we analyze the joint color - texture information from the luminance and the chrominance channels using a color local binary pattern descriptor . more s ←
→ csgnet : neural shape parser for constructive solid geometry ; we present a neural architecture that takes as input a 2d or 3d shape and induces a program to generate it . the in - structions in our program are based on constructive solid geometry principles , i . e ., a set of boolean operations on shape primitives defined recursively . bottom - up techniques for this task that rely on primitive detection are inherently slow since the search space over possible primitive combi - nations is large . in contrast , our mod ←
→ self - bounded prediction suffix tree via approximate string matching ; prediction suffix trees ( pst ) provide an effective tool for sequence modelling and prediction . current prediction techniques for psts rely on exact matching between the suffix of the current sequence and the previously observed sequence . we present a provably correct algorithm for learning a pst with approximate suffix matching by relaxing the exact matching condition . we then present a self - bounded enhancement of our algorithm where the ←
→ comparison of 14 different families of classification algorithms on 115 binary datasets ; we tested 14 very different classification algorithms ( random forest , gradient boosting machines , svm - linear , polynomial , and rbf - 1 - hidden - layer neural nets , extreme learning machines , k - nearest neighbors and a bagging of knn , naive bayes , learning vector quantization , elastic net logistic regression , sparse linear discriminant analysis , and a boosting of linear classifiers ) on 115 real life binary datasets . we f ←
→ adversarial robustness : softmax versus openmax ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) provide state - of - the - art results on various tasks and are widely used in real world applications . however , it was discovered that machine learning models , including the best performing dnns , suffer from a fundamental problem : they can unexpectedly and confidently misclassify examples formed by slightly perturbing otherwise correctly recognized inputs . various approaches have been developed for efficiently generating these so - called ←
→ cross - linguistic differences and similarities in image descriptions ; automatic image description systems are commonly trained and evaluated on large image description datasets . recently , researchers have started to collect such datasets for languages other than english . an unexplored question is how different these datasets are from english and , if there are any differences , what causes them to differ . this paper provides a cross - linguistic comparison of dutch , english , and german image descriptions . we fi ←
→ verbal characterization of probabilistic clusters using minimal discriminative propositions ; in a knowledge discovery process , interpretation and evaluation of the mined results are indispensable in practice . in the case of data clustering , however , it is often difficult to see in what aspect each cluster has been formed . this paper proposes a method for automatic and objective characterization or " verbalization " of the clusters obtained by mixture models , in which we collect conjunctions of propositions ←
→ a pursuit of temporal accuracy in general activity detection ; detecting activities in untrimmed videos is an important but challenging task . the performance of existing methods remains unsatisfactory , e . g ., they often meet difficulties in locating the beginning and end of a long complex action . in this paper , we propose a generic framework that can accurately detect a wide variety of activities from untrimmed videos . our first contribution is a novel proposal scheme that can efficiently generate candidates ←
→ translating neuralese ; several approaches have recently been proposed for learning decentralized deep multiagent policies that coordinate via a differentiable communication channel . while these policies are effective for many tasks , interpretation of their induced communication strategies has remained a challenge . here we propose to interpret agents ' messages by translating them . unlike in typical machine translation problems , we have no parallel data to learn from . instead we develop a translation model b ←
→ discriminability objective for training descriptive captions ; one property that remains lacking in image captions generated by contemporary methods is discriminability : being able to tell two images apart given the caption for one of them . we propose a way to improve this aspect of caption generation . by incorporating into the captioning training objective a loss component directly related to ability ( by a machine ) to disambiguate image / caption matches , we obtain systems that produce much more discriminati ←
→ fast classification using sparse decision dags ; in this paper we propose an algorithm that builds sparse decision dags ( directed acyclic graphs ) from a list of base classifiers provided by an external learning method such as adaboost . the basic idea is to cast the dag design task as a markov decision process . each instance can decide to use or to skip each base classifier , based on the current state of the classifier being built . the result is a sparse decision dag where the base classifiers are selected i ←
→ variational bayesian inference for linear and logistic regression ; the article describe the model , derivation , and implementation of variational bayesian inference for linear and logistic regression , both with and without automatic relevance determination . it has the dual function of acting as a tutorial for the derivation of variational bayesian inference for simple models , as well as documenting , and providing brief examples for the matlab functions that implement this inference . these functions are free ←
→ q - learning with basic emotions ; q - learning is a simple and powerful tool in solving dynamic problems where environments are unknown . it uses a balance of exploration and exploitation to find an optimal solution to the problem . in this paper , we propose using four basic emotions : joy , sadness , fear , and anger to influence a qlearning agent . simulations show that the proposed affective agent requires lesser number of steps to find the optimal path . we found when affective agent finds the optimal path , the ra ←
→ generalized evolutionary algorithm based on tsallis statistics ; generalized evolutionary algorithm based on tsallis canonical distribution is proposed . the algorithm uses tsallis generalized canonical distribution to weigh the configurations for ` selection ' instead of gibbs - boltzmann distribution . our simulation results show that for an appropriate choice of non - extensive index that is offered by tsallis statistics , evolutionary algorithms based on this generalization outperform algorithms based on gibbs - b ←
→ learning with changing features ; in this paper we study the setting where features are added or change interpretation over time , which has applications in multiple domains such as retail , manufacturing , finance . in particular , we propose an approach to provably determine the time instant from which the new / changed features start becoming relevant with respect to an output variable in an agnostic ( supervised ) learning setting . we also suggest an efficient version of our approach which has the same asymptoti ←
→ an ensemble of adaptive neuro - fuzzy kohonen networks for online data stream fuzzy clustering ; a new approach to data stream clustering with the help of an ensemble of adaptive neuro - fuzzy systems is proposed . the proposed ensemble is formed with adaptive neuro - fuzzy self - organizing kohonen maps in a parallel processing mode . a final result is chosen by the best neuro - fuzzy self - organizing kohonen map .←
→ learning adversarially fair and transferable representations ; in this work , we advocate for representation learning as the key to mitigating unfair prediction outcomes downstream . we envision a scenario where learned representations may be handed off to other entities with unknown objectives . we propose and explore adversarial representation learning as a natural method of ensuring those entities will act fairly , and connect group fairness ( demographic parity , equalized odds , and equal opportunity ) to diff ←
→ transformational sparse coding ; a fundamental problem faced by object recognition systems is that objects and their features can appear in different locations , scales and orientations . current deep learning methods attempt to achieve invariance to local translations via pooling , discarding the locations of features in the process . other approaches explicitly learn transformed versions of the same feature , leading to representations that quickly explode in size . instead of discarding the rich and useful inf ←
→ evaluating the performance of ann prediction system at shanghai stock market in the period 21 - sep - 2016 to 11 - oct - 2016 ; this research evaluates the performance of an artificial neural network based prediction system that was employed on the shanghai stock exchange for the period 21 - sep - 2016 to 11 - oct - 2016 . it is a follow - up to a previous paper in which the prices were predicted and published before september 21 . stock market price prediction remains an important quest for investors and researchers . this r ←
→ an argumentation system for reasoning with conflict - minimal paraconsistent alc ; the semantic web is an open and distributed environment in which it is hard to guarantee consistency of knowledge and information . under the standard two - valued semantics everything is entailed if knowledge and information is inconsistent . the semantics of the paraconsistent logic lp offers a solution . however , if the available knowledge and information is consistent , the set of conclusions entailed under the three - valued sem ←
→ content - based filtering for video sharing social networks ; in this paper we compare the use of several features in the task of content filtering for video social networks , a very challenging task , not only because the unwanted content is related to very high - level semantic concepts ( e . g ., pornography , violence , etc .) but also because videos from social networks are extremely assorted , preventing the use of constrained a priori information . we propose a simple method , able to combine diverse evidence , comin ←
→ affectnet : a database for facial expression , valence , and arousal computing in the wild ; automated affective computing in the wild setting is a challenging problem in computer vision . existing annotated databases of facial expressions in the wild are small and mostly cover discrete emotions ( aka the categorical model ). there are very limited annotated facial databases for affective computing in the continuous dimensional model ( e . g ., valence and arousal ). to meet this need , we collected , annotated , and p ←
→ spatial features of synaptic adaptation affecting learning performance ; recent studies have proposed that the diffusion of messenger molecules , such as monoamines , can mediate the plastic adaptation of synapses in supervised learning of neural networks . based on these findings we developed a model for neural learning , where the signal for plastic adaptation is assumed to propagate through the extracellular space . we investigate the conditions allowing learning of boolean rules in a neural network . even ful ←
→ integrating human - provided information into belief state representation using dynamic factorization ; in partially observed environments , it can be useful for a human to provide the robot with declarative information that augments its direct sensory observations . for instance , given a robot on a search - and - rescue mission , a human operator might suggest locations of interest . we provide a representation for the robot ' s internal knowledge that supports efficient combination of raw sensory information with h ←
→ classification and disease localization in histopathology using only global labels : a weakly - supervised approach ; analysis of histopathology slides is a critical step for many diagnoses , and in particular in oncology where it defines the gold standard . in the case of digital histopathological analysis , highly trained pathologists must review vast whole - slide - images of extreme digital resolution ($ 100 , 000 ^ 2 $ pixels ) across multiple zoom levels in order to locate abnormal regions of cells , or in some cases ←
→ knowledge representation issues in semantic graphs for relationship detection ; an important task for homeland security is the prediction of threat vulnerabilities , such as through the detection of relationships between seemingly disjoint entities . a structure used for this task is a " semantic graph ", also known as a " relational data graph " or an " attributed relational graph ". these graphs encode relationships as " typed " links between a pair of " typed " nodes . indeed , semantic graphs are very similar to se ←
→ multimodal compact bilinear pooling for visual question answering and visual grounding ; modeling textual or visual information with vector representations trained from large language or visual datasets has been successfully explored in recent years . however , tasks such as visual question answering require combining these vector representations with each other . approaches to multimodal pooling include element - wise product or sum , as well as concatenation of the visual and textual representations . we hypot ←
→ how to generate a good word embedding ? ; we analyze three critical components of word embedding training : the model , the corpus , and the training parameters . we systematize existing neural - network - based word embedding algorithms and compare them using the same corpus . we evaluate each word embedding in three ways : analyzing its semantic properties , using it as a feature for supervised tasks and using it to initialize neural networks . we also provide several simple guidelines for training word embeddings . fi ←
→ ct - nor : representing and reasoning about events in continuous time ; we present a generative model for representing and reasoning about the relationships among events in continuous time . we apply the model to the domain of networked and distributed computing environments where we fit the parameters of the model from timestamp observations , and then use hypothesis testing to discover dependencies between the events and changes in behavior for monitoring and diagnosis . after introducing the model , we present ←
→ structured optimal transport ; optimal transport has recently gained interest in machine learning for applications ranging from domain adaptation , sentence similarities to deep learning . yet , its ability to capture frequently occurring structure beyond the " ground metric " is limited . in this work , we develop a nonlinear generalization of ( discrete ) optimal transport that is able to reflect much additional structure . we demonstrate how to leverage the geometry of this new model for fast algorithms , and explo ←
→ on the practicality of intrinsic reconfiguration as a fault recovery method in analog systems ; evolvable hardware combines the powerful search capability of evolutionary algorithms with the flexibility of reprogrammable devices , thereby providing a natural framework for reconfiguration . this framework has generated an interest in using evolvable hardware for fault - tolerant systems because reconfiguration can effectively deal with hardware faults whenever it is impossible to provide spares . but systems ca ←
→ component - enhanced chinese character embeddings ; distributed word representations are very useful for capturing semantic information and have been successfully applied in a variety of nlp tasks , especially on english . in this work , we innovatively develop two component - enhanced chinese character embedding models and their bigram extensions . distinguished from english word embeddings , our models explore the compositions of chinese characters , which often serve as semantic indictors inherently . the evaluatio ←
→ image captioning using deep neural architectures ; automatically creating the description of an image using any natural languages sentence like english is a very challenging task . it requires expertise of both image processing as well as natural language processing . this paper discuss about different available models for image captioning task . we have also discussed about how the advancement in the task of object recognition and machine translation has greatly improved the performance of image captioning mo ←
→ distant supervision for relation extraction beyond the sentence boundary ; the growing demand for structured knowledge has led to great interest in relation extraction , especially in cases with limited supervision . however , existing distance supervision approaches only extract relations expressed in single sentences . in general , cross - sentence relation extraction is under - explored , even in the supervised - learning setting . in this paper , we propose the first approach for applying distant supervision to cross ←
→ regret bounds for lifelong learning ; we consider the problem of transfer learning in an online setting . different tasks are presented sequentially and processed by a within - task algorithm . we propose a lifelong learning strategy which refines the underlying data representation used by the within - task algorithm , thereby transferring information from one task to the next . we show that when the within - task algorithm comes with some regret bound , our strategy inherits this good property . our bounds are in expe ←
→ a structured self - attentive sentence embedding ; this paper proposes a new model for extracting an interpretable sentence embedding by introducing self - attention . instead of using a vector , we use a 2 - d matrix to represent the embedding , with each row of the matrix attending on a different part of the sentence . we also propose a self - attention mechanism and a special regularization term for the model . as a side effect , the embedding comes with an easy way of visualizing what specific parts of the sentence a ←
→ cascade residual learning : a two - stage convolutional neural network for stereo matching ; leveraging on the recent developments in convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), matching dense correspondence from a stereo pair has been cast as a learning problem , with performance exceeding traditional approaches . however , it remains challenging to generate high - quality disparities for the inherently ill - posed regions . to tackle this problem , we propose a novel cascade cnn architecture composing of two stages . the ←
→ standard state space models of unawareness ( extended abstract ) ; the impossibility theorem of dekel , lipman and rustichini has been thought to demonstrate that standard state - space models cannot be used to represent unawareness . we first show that dekel , lipman and rustichini do not establish this claim . we then distinguish three notions of awareness , and argue that although one of them may not be adequately modeled using standard state spaces , there is no reason to think that standard state spaces cannot p ←
→ target - driven visual navigation in indoor scenes using deep reinforcement learning ; two less addressed issues of deep reinforcement learning are ( 1 ) lack of generalization capability to new target goals , and ( 2 ) data inefficiency i . e ., the model requires several ( and often costly ) episodes of trial and error to converge , which makes it impractical to be applied to real - world scenarios . in this paper , we address these two issues and apply our model to the task of target - driven visual navigation . to addres ←
→ vertex nomination via local neighborhood matching ; consider two networks on overlapping , non - identical vertex sets . given vertices of interest in the first network , we seek to identify the corresponding vertices , if any exist , in the second network . while in moderately sized networks graph matching methods can be applied directly to recover the missing correspondences , herein we present a principled methodology appropriate for situations in which the networks are too large for brute - force graph matching . o ←
→ pt - spike : a precise - time - dependent single spike neuromorphic architecture with efficient supervised learning ; one of the most exciting advancements in ai over the last decade is the wide adoption of anns , such as dnn and cnn , in many real - world applications . however , the underlying massive amounts of computation and storage requirement greatly challenge their applicability in resource - limited platforms like the drone , mobile phone , and iot devices etc . the third generation of neural network model -- spikin ←
→ two remarkable computational competencies of the simple genetic algorithm ; since the inception of genetic algorithmics the identification of computational efficiencies of the simple genetic algorithm ( sga ) has been an important goal . in this paper we distinguish between a computational competency of the sga -- an efficient , but narrow computational ability -- and a computational proficiency of the sga -- a computational ability that is both efficient and broad . till date , attempts to deduce a computational pro ←
→ a constraint programming approach for mining sequential patterns in a sequence database ; constraint - based pattern discovery is at the core of numerous data mining tasks . patterns are extracted with respect to a given set of constraints ( frequency , closedness , size , etc ). in the context of sequential pattern mining , a large number of devoted techniques have been developed for solving particular classes of constraints . the aim of this paper is to investigate the use of constraint programming ( cp ) to model ←
→ a localisation - segmentation approach for multi - label annotation of lumbar vertebrae using deep nets ; multi - class segmentation of vertebrae is a non - trivial task mainly due to the high correlation in the appearance of adjacent vertebrae . hence , such a task calls for the consideration of both global and local context . based on this motivation , we propose a two - staged approach that , given a computed tomography dataset of the spine , segments the five lumbar vertebrae and simultaneously labels them . the first ←
→ a comparative study of cnn , bovw and lbp for classification of histopathological images ; despite the progress made in the field of medical imaging , it remains a large area of open research , especially due to the variety of imaging modalities and disease - specific characteristics . this paper is a comparative study describing the potential of using local binary patterns ( lbp ), deep features and the bag - of - visual words ( bovw ) scheme for the classification of histopathological images . we introduce a new datas ←
→ a simple model of unbounded evolutionary versatility as a largest - scale trend in organismal evolution ; the idea that there are any large - scale trends in the evolution of biological organisms is highly controversial . it is commonly believed , for example , that there is a large - scale trend in evolution towards increasing complexity , but empirical and theoretical arguments undermine this belief . natural selection results in organisms that are well adapted to their local environments , but it is not clear how ←
→ grasp for the coalition structure formation problem ; the coalition structure formation problem represents an active research area in multi - agent systems . a coalition structure is defined as a partition of the agents involved in a system into disjoint coalitions . the problem of finding the optimal coalition structure is np - complete . in order to find the optimal solution in a combinatorial optimization problem it is theoretically possible to enumerate the solutions and evaluate each . but this approach is inf ←
→ an empirical study of stochastic variational algorithms for the beta bernoulli process ; stochastic variational inference ( svi ) is emerging as the most promising candidate for scaling inference in bayesian probabilistic models to large datasets . however , the performance of these methods has been assessed primarily in the context of bayesian topic models , particularly latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ). deriving several new algorithms , and using synthetic , image and genomic datasets , we investigate whether ←
→ causes for query answers from databases , datalog abduction and view - updates : the presence of integrity constraints ; causality has been recently introduced in databases , to model , characterize and possibly compute causes for query results ( answers ). connections between queryanswer causality , consistency - based diagnosis , database repairs ( wrt . integrity constraint violations ), abductive diagnosis and the view - update problem have been established . in this work we further investigate connections between quer ←
→ attention - based temporal weighted convolutional neural network for action recognition ; research in human action recognition has accelerated significantly since the introduction of powerful machine learning tools such as convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). however , effective and efficient methods for incorporation of temporal information into cnns are still being actively explored in the recent literature . motivated by the popular recurrent attention models in the research area of natural language proce ←
→ vidloc : a deep spatio - temporal model for 6 - dof video - clip relocalization ; machine learning techniques , namely convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) and regression forests , have recently shown great promise in performing 6 - dof localization of monocular images . however , in most cases image - sequences , rather only single images , are readily available . to this extent , none of the proposed learning - based approaches exploit the valuable constraint of temporal smoothness , often leading to situations where the per - fr ←
→ towards automated integration of guess and check programs in answer set programming : a meta - interpreter and applications ; answer set programming ( asp ) with disjunction offers a powerful tool for declaratively representing and solving hard problems . many np - complete problems can be encoded in the answer set semantics of logic programs in a very concise and intuitive way , where the encoding reflects the typical " guess and check " nature of np problems : the property is encoded in a way such that polynomial s ←
→ how intelligent is your intelligent robot ? ; how intelligent is robot a compared with robot b ? and how intelligent are robots a and b compared with animals ( or plants ) x and y ? these are both interesting and deeply challenging questions . in this paper we address the question " how intelligent is your intelligent robot ?" by proposing that embodied intelligence emerges from the interaction and integration of four different and distinct kinds of intelligence . we then suggest a simple diagrammatic representation ←
→ depth - based object tracking using a robust gaussian filter ; we consider the problem of model - based 3d - tracking of objects given dense depth images as input . two difficulties preclude the application of a standard gaussian filter to this problem . first of all , depth sensors are characterized by fat - tailed measurement noise . to address this issue , we show how a recently published robustification method for gaussian filters can be applied to the problem at hand . thereby , we avoid using heuristic outlier detec ←
→ deep multi - view learning with stochastic decorrelation loss ; multi - view learning aims to learn an embedding space where multiple views are either maximally correlated for cross - view recognition , or decorrelated for latent factor disentanglement . a key challenge for deep multi - view representation learning is scalability . to correlate or decorrelate multi - view signals , the covariance of the whole training set should be computed which does not fit well with the mini - batch based training strategy , and moreover ←
→ neural crf parsing ; this paper describes a parsing model that combines the exact dynamic programming of crf parsing with the rich nonlinear featurization of neural net approaches . our model is structurally a crf that factors over anchored rule productions , but instead of linear potential functions based on sparse features , we use nonlinear potentials computed via a feedforward neural network . because potentials are still local to anchored rules , structured inference ( cky ) is unchanged from the sparse case .←
→ criteria sliders : learning continuous database criteria via interactive ranking ; large databases are often organized by hand - labeled metadata , or criteria , which are expensive to collect . we can use unsupervised learning to model database variation , but these models are often high dimensional , complex to parameterize , or require expert knowledge . we learn low - dimensional continuous criteria via interactive ranking , so that the novice user need only describe the relative ordering of examples . this is form ←
→ managing requirement volatility in an ontology - driven clinical lims using category theory . international journal of telemedicine and applications ; requirement volatility is an issue in software engineering in general , and in web - based clinical applications in particular , which often originates from an incomplete knowledge of the domain of interest . with advances in the health science , many features and functionalities need to be added to , or removed from , existing software applications in the biomedical ←
→ deep binary reconstruction for cross - modal hashing ; with the increasing demand of massive multimodal data storage and organization , cross - modal retrieval based on hashing technique has drawn much attention nowadays . it takes the binary codes of one modality as the query to retrieve the relevant hashing codes of another modality . however , the existing binary constraint makes it difficult to find the optimal cross - modal hashing function . most approaches choose to relax the constraint and perform thresholding ←
→ a computational model for amodal completion ; this paper presents a computational model to recover the most likely interpretation of the 3d scene structure from a planar image , where some objects may occlude others . the estimated scene interpretation is obtained by integrating some global and local cues and provides both the complete disoccluded objects that form the scene and their ordering according to depth . our method first computes several distal scenes which are compatible with the proximal planar ima ←
→ document image binarization with fully convolutional neural networks ; binarization of degraded historical manuscript images is an important pre - processing step for many document processing tasks . we formulate binarization as a pixel classification learning task and apply a novel fully convolutional network ( fcn ) architecture that operates at multiple image scales , including full resolution . the fcn is trained to optimize a continuous version of the pseudo f - measure metric and an ensemble of fcns outperform ←
→ measuring sample quality with stein ' s method ; to improve the efficiency of monte carlo estimation , practitioners are turning to biased markov chain monte carlo procedures that trade off asymptotic exactness for computational speed . the reasoning is sound : a reduction in variance due to more rapid sampling can outweigh the bias introduced . however , the inexactness creates new challenges for sampler and parameter selection , since standard measures of sample quality like effective sample size do not account f ←
→ another look at dwd : thrifty algorithm and bayes risk consistency in rkhs ; distance weighted discrimination ( dwd ) is a margin - based classifier with an interesting geometric motivation . dwd was originally proposed as a superior alternative to the support vector machine ( svm ), however dwd is yet to be popular compared with the svm . the main reasons are twofold . first , the state - of - the - art algorithm for solving dwd is based on the second - order - cone programming ( socp ), while the svm is a quadratic programmin ←
→ generative adversarial trainer : defense to adversarial perturbations with gan ; we propose a novel technique to make neural network robust to adversarial examples using a generative adversarial network . we alternately train both classifier and generator networks . the generator network generates an adversarial perturbation that can easily fool the classifier network by using a gradient of each image . simultaneously , the classifier network is trained to classify correctly both original and adversarial image ←
→ estimating probability distributions using " dirac " kernels ( via rademacher - walsh polynomial basis functions ) ; in many applications ( in particular information systems , such as pattern recognition , machine learning , cheminformatics , bioinformatics to name but a few ) the assessment of uncertainty is essential - i . e ., the estimation of the underlying probability distribution function . more often than not , the form of this function is unknown and it becomes necessary to non - parametrically construct / estimate i ←
→ paddle : proximal algorithm for dual dictionaries learning ; recently , considerable research efforts have been devoted to the design of methods to learn from data overcomplete dictionaries for sparse coding . however , learned dictionaries require the solution of an optimization problem for coding new data . in order to overcome this drawback , we propose an algorithm aimed at learning both a dictionary and its dual : a linear mapping directly performing the coding . by leveraging on proximal methods , our algorith ←
→ a survey on contextual multi - armed bandits ; in this survey we cover a few stochastic and adversarial contextual bandit algorithms . we analyze each algorithm ' s assumption and regret bound .←
→ learning - based model predictive control for safe exploration and reinforcement learning ; learning - based methods have been successful in solving complex control tasks without significant prior knowledge about the system . however , these methods typically do not provide any safety guarantees , which prevents their use in safety - critical , real - world applications . in this paper , we present a learning - based model predictive control scheme that provides provable high - probability safety guarantees . to this end , w ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for sepsis treatment ; sepsis is a leading cause of mortality in intensive care units and costs hospitals billions annually . treating a septic patient is highly challenging , because individual patients respond very differently to medical interventions and there is no universally agreed - upon treatment for sepsis . in this work , we propose an approach to deduce treatment policies for septic patients by using continuous state - space models and deep reinforcement learning . our model le ←
→ a probabilistic approach to lexical semantic knowledge acquisition and s tructural disambiguation ; in this thesis , i address the problem of automatically acquiring lexical semantic knowledge , especially that of case frame patterns , from large corpus data and using the acquired knowledge in structural disambiguation . the approach i adopt has the following characteristics : ( 1 ) dividing the problem into three subproblems : case slot generalization , case dependency learning , and word clustering ( thesaurus con ←
→ a foreground inference network for video surveillance using multi - view receptive field ; foreground ( fg ) pixel labelling plays a vital role in video surveillance . recent engineering solutions have attempted to exploit the efficacy of deep learning ( dl ) models initially targeted for image classification to deal with fg pixel labelling . one major drawback of such strategy is the lacking delineation of visual objects when training samples are limited . to grapple with this issue , we introduce a multi - view rec ←
→ separating answers from queries for neural reading comprehension ; we present a novel neural architecture for answering queries , designed to optimally leverage explicit support in the form of query - answer memories . our model is able to refine and update a given query while separately accumulating evidence for predicting the answer . its architecture reflects this separation with dedicated embedding matrices and loosely connected information pathways ( modules ) for updating the query and accumulating evidence .←
→ segmentation - by - detection : a cascade network for volumetric medical image segmentation ; we propose an attention mechanism for 3d medical image segmentation . the method , named segmentation - by - detection , is a cascade of a detection module followed by a segmentation module . the detection module enables a region of interest to come to attention and produces a set of object region candidates which are further used as an attention model . rather than dealing with the entire volume , the segmentation module disti ←
→ comparative design space exploration of dense and semi - dense slam ; slam has matured significantly over the past few years , and is beginning to appear in serious commercial products . while new slam systems are being proposed at every conference , evaluation is often restricted to qualitative visualizations or accuracy estimation against a ground truth . this is due to the lack of benchmarking methodologies which can holistically and quantitatively evaluate these systems . further investigation at the level of ←
→ a generalized stochastic variational bayesian hyperparameter learning framework for sparse spectrum gaussian process regression ; while much research effort has been dedicated to scaling up sparse gaussian process ( gp ) models based on inducing variables for big data , little attention is afforded to the other less explored class of low - rank gp approximations that exploit the sparse spectral representation of a gp kernel . this paper presents such an effort to advance the state of the art of sparse spectrum ←
→ multimodal task - driven dictionary learning for image classification ; dictionary learning algorithms have been successfully used for both reconstructive and discriminative tasks , where an input signal is represented with a sparse linear combination of dictionary atoms . while these methods are mostly developed for single - modality scenarios , recent studies have demonstrated the advantages of feature - level fusion based on the joint sparse representation of the multimodal inputs . in this paper , we propose a mul ←
→ learning from lda using deep neural networks ; latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) is a three - level hierarchical bayesian model for topic inference . in spite of its great success , inferring the latent topic distribution with lda is time - consuming . motivated by the transfer learning approach proposed by ~\ newcite { hinton2015distilling }, we present a novel method that uses lda to supervise the training of a deep neural network ( dnn ), so that the dnn can approximate the costly lda inference with less computation . ←
→ restrictions on tree adjoining languages ; several methods are known for parsing languages generated by tree adjoining grammars ( tags ) in o ( n ^ 6 ) worst case running time . in this paper we investigate which restrictions on tags and tag derivations are needed in order to lower this o ( n ^ 6 ) time complexity , without introducing large runtime constants , and without losing any of the generative power needed to capture the syntactic constructions in natural language that can be handled by unrestricted tags . in parti ←
→ fusion for evaluation of image classification in uncertain environments ; we present in this article a new evaluation method for classification and segmentation of textured images in uncertain environments . in uncertain environments , real classes and boundaries are known with only a partial certainty given by the experts . most of the time , in many presented papers , only classification or only segmentation are considered and evaluated . here , we propose to take into account both the classification and segment ←
→ stance classification in rumours as a sequential task exploiting the tree structure of social media conversations ; rumour stance classification , the task that determines if each tweet in a collection discussing a rumour is supporting , denying , questioning or simply commenting on the rumour , has been attracting substantial interest . here we introduce a novel approach that makes use of the sequence of transitions observed in tree - structured conversation threads in twitter . the conversation threads are form ←
→ screenernet : learning self - paced curriculum for deep neural networks ; we propose to learn a curriculum or a syllabus for supervised learning and deep reinforcement learning with deep neural networks by an attachable deep neural network , called screenernet . specifically , we learn a weight for each sample by jointly training the screenernet and the main network in an end - to - end self - paced fashion . the screenernet neither has sampling bias nor requires to remember the past learning history . we show the networ ←
→ distributed averaging cnn - elm for big data ; increasing the scalability of machine learning to handle big volume of data is a challenging task . the scale up approach has some limitations . in this paper , we proposed a scale out approach for cnn - elm based on mapreduce on classifier level . map process is the cnn - elm training for certain partition of data . it involves many cnn - elm models that can be trained asynchronously . reduce process is the averaging of all cnn - elm weights as final training result . this app ←
→ open set logo detection and retrieval ; current logo retrieval research focuses on closed set scenarios . we argue that the logo domain is too large for this strategy and requires an open set approach . to foster research in this direction , a large - scale logo dataset , called logos in the wild , is collected and released to the public . a typical open set logo retrieval application is , for example , assessing the effectiveness of advertisement in sports event broadcasts . given a query sample in shape of a logo im ←
→ annotation - free and one - shot learning for instance segmentation of homogeneous object clusters ; we propose a novel approach for instance segmen - tation given an image of homogeneous object clus - ter ( hoc ). our learning approach is one - shot be - cause a single video of an object instance is cap - tured and it requires no human annotation . our in - tuition is that images of homogeneous objects can be effectively synthesized based on structure and illumination priors derived from real images . a novel solver is ←
→ euclidean distances , soft and spectral clustering on weighted graphs ; we define a class of euclidean distances on weighted graphs , enabling to perform thermodynamic soft graph clustering . the class can be constructed form the " raw coordinates " encountered in spectral clustering , and can be extended by means of higher - dimensional embeddings ( schoenberg transformations ). geographical flow data , properly conditioned , illustrate the procedure as well as visualization aspects .←
→ deep learning logo detection with data expansion by synthesising context ; logo detection in unconstrained images is challenging , particularly when only very sparse labelled training images are accessible due to high labelling costs . in this work , we describe a model training image synthesising method capable of improving significantly logo detection performance when only a handful of ( e . g ., 10 ) labelled training images captured in realistic context are available , avoiding extensive manual labelling costs . ←
→ numerical weather prediction ( nwp ) and hybrid arma / ann model to predict global radiation ; we propose in this paper an original technique to predict global radiation using a hybrid arma / ann model and data issued from a numerical weather prediction model ( aladin ). we particularly look at the multi - layer perceptron . after optimizing our architecture with aladin and endogenous data previously made stationary and using an innovative pre - input layer selection method , we combined it to an arma model from a rule ←
→ question dependent recurrent entity network for question answering ; question answering is a task which requires building models capable of providing answers to questions expressed in human language . full question answering involves some form of reasoning ability . we introduce a neural network architecture for this task , which is a form of $ memory \ network $, that recognizes entities and their relations to answers through a focus attention mechanism . our model is named $ question \ dependent \ recurrent \ entity ←
→ psychologically motivated text mining ; natural language processing techniques are increasingly applied to identify social trends and predict behavior based on large text collections . existing methods typically rely on surface lexical and syntactic information . yet , research in psychology shows that patterns of human conceptualisation , such as metaphorical framing , are reliable predictors of human expectations and decisions . in this paper , we present a method to learn patterns of metaphorical framing from l ←
→ integration of preferences in decomposition multi - objective optimization ; most existing studies on evolutionary multi - objective optimization focus on approximating the whole pareto - optimal front . nevertheless , rather than the whole front , which demands for too many points ( especially in a high - dimensional space ), the decision maker might only interest in a partial region , called the region of interest . in this case , solutions outside this region can be noisy to the decision making procedure . even worse , th ←
→ relativistic monte carlo ; hamiltonian monte carlo ( hmc ) is a popular markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) algorithm that generates proposals for a metropolis - hastings algorithm by simulating the dynamics of a hamiltonian system . however , hmc is sensitive to large time discretizations and performs poorly if there is a mismatch between the spatial geometry of the target distribution and the scales of the momentum distribution . in particular the mass matrix of hmc is hard to tune well . in order to alleviate these ←
→ gender recognition in walk gait through 3d motion by quadratic bezier curve and statistical techniques ; motion capture is the process of recording the movement of objects or people . it is used in military , entertainment , sports , and medical applications , and for validation of computer vision [ 2 ] and robotics . in filmmaking and video game development , it refers to recording actions of human actors , and using that information to animate digital character models in 2d or 3d computer animation . when it includ ←
→ emergent communication in a multi - modal , multi - step referential game ; inspired by previous work on emergent communication in referential games , we propose a novel multi - modal , multi - step referential game , where the sender and receiver have access to distinct modalities of an object , and their information exchange is bidirectional and of arbitrary duration . the multi - modal multi - step setting allows agents to develop an internal communication significantly closer to natural language , in that they share a sin ←
→ discriminative learning of the prototype set for nearest neighbor classification ; the nearest neighbor rule is a classic yet essential classification model , particularly in problems where the supervising information is given by pairwise dissimilarities and the embedding function are not easily obtained . prototype selection provides means of generalization and improving efficiency of the nearest neighbor model , but many existing methods assume and rely on the analyses of the input vector space . in this pa ←
→ proceedings of the fifth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 1989 ) ; this is the proceedings of the fifth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in windsor , on , august 18 - 20 , 1989 ←
→ when coding meets ranking : a joint framework based on local learning ; sparse coding , which represents a data point as a sparse reconstruction code with regard to a dictionary , has been a popular data representation method . meanwhile , in database retrieval problems , learning the ranking scores from data points plays an important role . up to now , these two problems have always been considered separately , assuming that data coding and ranking are two independent and irrelevant problems . however , is there any ←
→ foil it ! find one mismatch between image and language caption ; in this paper , we aim to understand whether current language and vision ( lavi ) models truly grasp the interaction between the two modalities . to this end , we propose an extension of the mscoco dataset , foil - coco , which associates images with both correct and " foil " captions , that is , descriptions of the image that are highly similar to the original ones , but contain one single mistake (" foil word "). we show that current lavi models fall into th ←
→ probability as a modal operator ; this paper argues for a modal view of probability . the syntax and semantics of one particularly strong probability logic are discussed and some examples of the use of the logic are provided . we show that it is both natural and useful to think of probability as a modal operator . contrary to popular belief in ai , a probability ranging between 0 and 1 represents a continuum between impossibility and necessity , not between simple falsity and truth . the present work provides a c ←
→ improving the performance of english - tamil statistical machine translation system using source - side pre - processing ; machine translation is one of the major oldest and the most active research area in natural language processing . currently , statistical machine translation ( smt ) dominates the machine translation research . statistical machine translation is an approach to machine translation which uses models to learn translation patterns directly from data , and generalize them to translate a new unseen tex ←
→ comparing writing styles using word embedding and dynamic time warping ; the development of plot or story in novels is reflected in the content and the words used . the flow of sentiments , which is one aspect of writing style , can be quantified by analyzing the flow of words . this study explores literary works as signals in word embedding space and tries to compare writing styles of popular classic novels using dynamic time warping .←
→ joint network based attention for action recognition ; by extracting spatial and temporal characteristics in one network , the two - stream convnets can achieve the state - of - the - art performance in action recognition . however , such a framework typically suffers from the separately processing of spatial and temporal information between the two standalone streams and is hard to capture long - term temporal dependence of an action . more importantly , it is incapable of finding the salient portions of an action , say , ←
→ uct : learning unified convolutional networks for real - time visual tracking ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) based tracking approaches have shown favorable performance in recent benchmarks . nonetheless , the chosen cnn features are always pre - trained in different task and individual components in tracking systems are learned separately , thus the achieved tracking performance may be suboptimal . besides , most of these trackers are not designed towards real - time applications because of their time - consumin ←
→ 3 - phase recognition approach to pseudo 3d building generation from 2d floor plan ; nowadays three dimension ( 3d ) architectural visualisation has become a powerful tool in the conceptualisation , design and presentation of architectural products in the construction industry , providing realistic interaction and walkthrough on engineering products . traditional ways of implementing 3d models involves the use of specialised 3d authoring tools along with skilled 3d designers with blueprints of the model and this ←
→ criticality & deep learning i : generally weighted nets ; motivated by the idea that criticality and universality of phase transitions might play a crucial role in achieving and sustaining learning and intelligent behaviour in biological and artificial networks , we analyse a theoretical and a pragmatic experimental set up for critical phenomena in deep learning . on the theoretical side , we use results from statistical physics to carry out critical point calculations in feed - forward / fully connected networks , ←
→ on the power spectral density applied to the analysis of old canvases ; a routine task for art historians is painting diagnostics , such as dating or attribution . signal processing of the x - ray image of a canvas provides useful information about its fabric . however , previous methods may fail when very old and deteriorated artworks or simply canvases of small size are studied . we present a new framework to analyze and further characterize the paintings from their radiographs . first , we start from a general an ←
→ lstm network for inflected abbreviation expansion ; in this paper , the problem of recovery of morphological information lost in abbreviated forms is addressed with a focus on highly inflected languages . evidence is presented that the correct inflected form of an expanded abbreviation can in many cases be deduced solely from morphosyntactic tags of the context . the prediction model is a deep bidirectional lstm network with tag embedding . the network is trained on over 10 million words from the polish sejm co ←
→ towards an error correction memory to enhance technical texts authoring in lelie ; in this paper , we investigate and experiment the notion of error correction memory applied to error correction in technical texts . the main purpose is to induce relatively generic correction patterns associated with more contextual correction recommendations , based on previously memorized and analyzed corrections . the notion of error correction memory is developed within the framework of the lelie project and illustrated on ←
→ real - time 3d shape instantiation from single fluoroscopy projection for fenestrated stent graft deployment ; robot - assisted deployment of fenestrated stent grafts in fenestrated endovascular aortic repair ( fevar ) requires accurate geometrical alignment . currently , this process is guided by 2d fluoroscopy , which is uninformative and error prone . in this paper , a real - time framework is proposed to instantiate the 3d shape of a fenestrated stent graft based on only a single low - dose 2d fluoroscopic image . fi ←
→ multivariate information bottleneck ; the information bottleneck method is an unsupervised non - parametric data organization technique . given a joint distribution p ( a , b ), this method constructs a new variable t that extracts partitions , or clusters , over the values of a that are informative about b . the information bottleneck has already been applied to document classification , gene expression , neural code , and spectral analysis . in this paper , we introduce a general principled framework for multivariate ext ←
→ a study for the effect of the emphaticness and language and dialect for voice onset time ( vot ) in modern standard arabic ( msa ) ; the signal sound contains many different features , including voice onset time ( vot ), which is a very important feature of stop sounds in many languages . the only application of vot values is stopping phoneme subsets . this subset of consonant sounds is stop phonemes exist in the arabic language , and in fact , all languages . the pronunciation of these sounds is hard and unique espe ←
→ density sensitive hashing ; nearest neighbors search is a fundamental problem in various research fields like machine learning , data mining and pattern recognition . recently , hashing - based approaches , e . g ., locality sensitive hashing ( lsh ), are proved to be effective for scalable high dimensional nearest neighbors search . many hashing algorithms found their theoretic root in random projection . since these algorithms generate the hash tables ( projections ) randomly , a large number of hash tables ( i . e ., long c ←
→ seagle : sparsity - driven image reconstruction under multiple scattering ; multiple scattering of an electromagnetic wave as it passes through an object is a fundamental problem that limits the performance of current imaging systems . in this paper , we describe a new technique - called series expansion with accelerated gradient descent on lippmann - schwinger equation ( seagle )- for robust imaging under multiple scattering based on a combination of a new nonlinear forward model and a total variation ( tv ) regularizer ←
→ context - based prediction of app usage ; there are around a hundred installed apps on an average smartphone . the high number of apps and the limited number of app icons that can be displayed on the device ' s screen requires a new paradigm to address their visibility to the user . in this paper we propose a new online algorithm for dynamically predicting a set of apps that the user is likely to use . the algorithm runs on the user ' s device and constantly learns the user ' s habits at a given time , location , and de ←
→ a practical local tomography reconstruction algorithm based on known subregion ; we propose a new method to reconstruct data acquired in a local tomography setup . this method uses an initial reconstruction and refines it by correcting the low frequency artifacts known as the cupping effect . a basis of gaussian functions is used to correct the initial reconstruction . the coefficients of this basis are iteratively optimized under the constraint of a known subregion . using a coarse basis reduces the degrees ←
→ robustly learning a gaussian : getting optimal error , efficiently ; we study the fundamental problem of learning the parameters of a high - dimensional gaussian in the presence of noise -- where an $\ varepsilon $- fraction of our samples were chosen by an adversary . we give robust estimators that achieve estimation error $ o (\ varepsilon )$ in the total variation distance , which is optimal up to a universal constant that is independent of the dimension . in the case where just the mean is unknown , our robustness g ←
→ a microkernel architecture for constraint programming ; this paper presents a microkernel architecture for constraint programming organized around a number of small number of core functionalities and minimal interfaces . the architecture contrasts with the monolithic nature of many implementations . experimental results indicate that the software engineering benefits are not incompatible with runtime efficiency .←
→ geometric morphology of granular materials ; we present a new method to transform the spectral pixel information of a micrograph into an affine geometric description , which allows us to analyze the morphology of granular materials . we use spectral and pulse - coupled neural network based segmentation techniques to generate blobs , and a newly developed algorithm to extract dilated contours . a constrained delaunay tesselation of the contour points results in a triangular mesh . this mesh is the basic ingredient ←
→ duelist algorithm : an algorithm inspired by how duelist improve their capabilities in a duel ; this paper proposes an optimization algorithm based on how human fight and learn from each duelist . since this algorithm is based on population , the proposed algorithm starts with an initial set of duelists . the duel is to determine the winner and loser . the loser learns from the winner , while the winner try their new skill or technique that may improve their fighting capabilities . a few duelists with highest fi ←
→ tag - enhanced tree - structured neural networks for implicit discourse relation classification ; identifying implicit discourse relations between text spans is a challenging task because it requires understanding the meaning of the text . to tackle this task , recent studies have tried several deep learning methods but few of them exploited the syntactic information . in this work , we explore the idea of incorporating syntactic parse tree into neural networks . specifically , we employ the tree - lstm model and tre ←
→ image prediction for limited - angle tomography via deep learning with convolutional neural network ; limited angle problem is a challenging issue in x - ray computed tomography ( ct ) field . iterative reconstruction methods that utilize the additional prior can suppress artifacts and improve image quality , but unfortunately require increased computation time . an interesting way is to restrain the artifacts in the images reconstructed from the practical filtered back projection ( fbp ) method . frikel and quinto h ←
→ combining local regularity estimation and total variation optimization for scale - free texture segmentation ; texture segmentation constitutes a standard image processing task , crucial to many applications . the present contribution focuses on the particular subset of scale - free textures and its originality resides in the combination of three key ingredients : first , texture characterization relies on the concept of local regularity ; second , estimation of local regularity is based on new multiscale quantiti ←
→ digital stylometry : linking profiles across social networks ; there is an ever growing number of users with accounts on multiple social media and networking sites . consequently , there is increasing interest in matching user accounts and profiles across different social networks in order to create aggregate profiles of users . in this paper , we present models for digital stylometry , which is a method for matching users through stylometry inspired techniques . we experimented with linguistic , temporal , and comb ←
→ gaussian processes for survival analysis ; we introduce a semi - parametric bayesian model for survival analysis . the model is centred on a parametric baseline hazard , and uses a gaussian process to model variations away from it nonparametrically , as well as dependence on covariates . as opposed to many other methods in survival analysis , our framework does not impose unnecessary constraints in the hazard rate or in the survival function . furthermore , our model handles left , right and interval censoring mechan ←
→ trajectorynet : an embedded gps trajectory representation for point - based classification using recurrent neural networks ; understanding and discovering knowledge from gps ( global positioning system ) traces of human activities is an essential topic in mobility - based urban computing . we propose trajectorynet - a neural network architecture for point - based trajectory classification to infer real world human transportation modes from gps traces . to overcome the challenge of capturing the underlying latent facto ←
→ hybrid systems modeling for gas transmission network ; gas transmission networks are large - scale complex systems , and corresponding design and control problems are challenging . in this paper , we consider the problem of control and management of these systems in crisis situations . we present these networks by a hybrid systems framework that provides required analysis models . further , we discuss decision - making using computational discrete and hybrid optimization methods . in particular , several reinforcement ←
→ hybrid automated reasoning tools : from black - box to clear - box integration ; recently , researchers in answer set programming and constraint programming spent significant efforts in the development of hybrid languages and solving algorithms combining the strengths of these traditionally separate fields . these efforts resulted in a new research area : constraint answer set programming ( casp ). casp languages and systems proved to be largely successful at providing efficient solutions to problems involving hybr ←
→ bounding the test log - likelihood of generative models ; several interesting generative learning algorithms involve a complex probability distribution over many random variables , involving intractable normalization constants or latent variable normalization . some of them may even not have an analytic expression for the unnormalized probability function and no tractable approximation . this makes it difficult to estimate the quality of these models , once they have been trained , or to monitor their quality ( e . g ←
→ subset selection for gaussian markov random fields ; given a gaussian markov random field , we consider the problem of selecting a subset of variables to observe which minimizes the total expected squared prediction error of the unobserved variables . we first show that finding an exact solution is np - hard even for a restricted class of gaussian markov random fields , called gaussian free fields , which arise in semi - supervised learning and computer vision . we then give a simple greedy approximation algorithm f ←
→ characterizing the maximum parameter of the total - variation denoising through the pseudo - inverse of the divergence ; we focus on the maximum regularization parameter for anisotropic total - variation denoising . it corresponds to the minimum value of the regularization parameter above which the solution remains constant . while this value is well know for the lasso , such a critical value has not been investigated in details for the total - variation . though , it is of importance when tuning the regularization pa ←
→ deep contextualized word representations ; we introduce a new type of deep contextualized word representation that models both ( 1 ) complex characteristics of word use ( e . g ., syntax and semantics ), and ( 2 ) how these uses vary across linguistic contexts ( i . e ., to model polysemy ). our word vectors are learned functions of the internal states of a deep bidirectional language model ( bilm ), which is pre - trained on a large text corpus . we show that these representations can be easily added to existing models and s ←
→ deep adversarial neural decoding ; here , we present a novel approach to solve the problem of reconstructing perceived stimuli from brain responses by combining probabilistic inference with deep learning . our approach first inverts the linear transformation from latent features to brain responses with maximum a posteriori estimation and then inverts the nonlinear transformation from perceived stimuli to latent features with adversarial training of convolutional neural networks . we test our approach with a fu ←
→ high frequency content based stimulus for perceptual sharpness assessment in natural images ; a blind approach to evaluate the perceptual sharpness present in a natural image is proposed . though the literature demonstrates a set of variegated visual cues to detect or evaluate the absence or presence of sharpness , we emphasize in the current work that high frequency content and local standard deviation can form strong features to compute perceived sharpness in any natural image , and can be considered an ab ←
→ stable segmentation of digital image ; in the paper the optimal image segmentation by means of piecewise constant approximations is considered . the optimality is defined by a minimum value of the total squared error or by equivalent value of standard deviation of the approximation from the image . the optimal approximations are defined independently on the method of their obtaining and might be generated in different algorithms . we investigate the computation of the optimal approximation on the grounds of st ←
→ p - dla : a predictive system model for onshore oil and gas pipeline dataset classification and monitoring - part 1 ; with the rise in militant activity and rogue behaviour in oil and gas regions around the world , oil pipeline disturbances is on the increase leading to huge losses to multinational operators and the countries where such facilities exist . however , this situation can be averted if adequate predictive monitoring schemes are put in place . we propose in the first part of this paper , an artificial ←
→ the power of randomization : distributed submodular maximization on massive datasets ; a wide variety of problems in machine learning , including exemplar clustering , document summarization , and sensor placement , can be cast as constrained submodular maximization problems . unfortunately , the resulting submodular optimization problems are often too large to be solved on a single machine . we develop a simple distributed algorithm that is embarrassingly parallel and it achieves provable , constant factor , worst ←
→ probabilistic graphical model based approach for water mapping using gaofen - 2 ( gf - 2 ) high resolution imagery and landsat 8 time series ; the objective of this paper is to evaluate the potential of gaofen - 2 ( gf - 2 ) high resolution multispectral sensor ( ms ) and panchromatic ( pan ) imagery on water mapping . difficulties of water mapping on high resolution data includes : 1 ) misclassification between water and shadows or other low - reflectance ground objects , which is mostly caused by the spectral similarity with ←
→ differentially private learning of undirected graphical models using collective graphical models ; we investigate the problem of learning discrete , undirected graphical models in a differentially private way . we show that the approach of releasing noisy sufficient statistics using the laplace mechanism achieves a good trade - off between privacy , utility , and practicality . a naive learning algorithm that uses the noisy sufficient statistics " as is " outperforms general - purpose differentially private learning ←
→ spatial memory for context reasoning in object detection ; modeling instance - level context and object - object relationships is extremely challenging . it requires reasoning about bounding boxes of different classes , locations \ etc . above all , instance - level spatial reasoning inherently requires modeling conditional distributions on previous detections . unfortunately , our current object detection systems do not have any {\ bf memory } to remember what to condition on ! the state - of - the - art object detectors still ←
→ plda with two sources of inter - session variability ; in some speaker recognition scenarios we find conversations recorded simultaneously over multiple channels . that is the case of the interviews in the nist sre dataset . to take advantage of that , we propose a modification of the plda model that considers two different inter - session variability terms . the first term is tied between all the recordings belonging to the same conversation whereas the second is not . thus , the former mainly intends to capture the ←
→ deep descriptor transforming for image co - localization ; reusable model design becomes desirable with the rapid expansion of machine learning applications . in this paper , we focus on the reusability of pre - trained deep convolutional models . specifically , different from treating pre - trained models as feature extractors , we reveal more treasures beneath convolutional layers , i . e ., the convolutional activations could act as a detector for the common object in the image co - localization problem . we propose a sim ←
→ learning spectral - spatial - temporal features via a recurrent convolutional neural network for change detection in multispectral imagery ; change detection is one of the central problems in earth observation and was extensively investigated over recent decades . in this paper , we propose a novel recurrent convolutional neural network ( recnn ) architecture , which is trained to learn a joint spectral - spatial - temporal feature representation in a unified framework for change detection in multispectral images . to ←
→ cognitive science in the era of artificial intelligence : a roadmap for reverse - engineering the infant language - learner ; during their first years of life , infants learn the language ( s ) of their environment at an amazing speed despite large cross cultural variations in amount and complexity of the available language input . understanding this simple fact still escapes current cognitive and linguistic theories . recently , spectacular progress in the engineering science , notably , machine learning and wearable ←
→ keynote : small neural nets are beautiful : enabling embedded systems with small deep - neural - network architectures ; over the last five years deep neural nets have offered more accurate solutions to many problems in speech recognition , and computer vision , and these solutions have surpassed a threshold of acceptability for many applications . as a result , deep neural networks have supplanted other approaches to solving problems in these areas , and enabled many new applications . while the design of deep neura ←
→ an automatic seeded region growing for 2d biomedical image segmentation ; in this paper , an automatic seeded region growing algorithm is proposed for cellular image segmentation . first , the regions of interest ( rois ) extracted from the preprocessed image . second , the initial seeds are automatically selected based on rois extracted from the image . third , the most reprehensive seeds are selected using a machine learning algorithm . finally , the cellular image is segmented into regions where each region corresp ←
→ deep automated multi - task learning ; multi - task learning ( mtl ) has recently contributed to learning better representations in service of various nlp tasks . mtl aims at improving the performance of a primary task , by jointly training on a secondary task . this paper introduces automated tasks , which exploit the sequential nature of the input data , as secondary tasks in an mtl model . we explore next word prediction , next character prediction , and missing word completion as potential automated tasks . our result ←
→ a backwards view for assessment ; much artificial intelligence research focuses on the problem of deducing the validity of unobservable propositions or hypotheses from observable evidence .! many of the knowledge representation techniques designed for this problem encode the relationship between evidence and hypothesis in a directed manner . moreover , the direction in which evidence is stored is typically from evidence to hypothesis .←
→ the application of mamdani fuzzy model for auto zoom function of a digital camera ; mamdani fuzzy model is an important technique in computational intelligence ( ci ) study . this paper presents an implementation of a supervised learning method based on membership function training in the context of mamdani fuzzy models . specifically , auto zoom function of a digital camera is modelled using mamdani technique . the performance of control method is verified through a series of simulation and numerical results a ←
→ empirical observations of ultraslow diffusion driven by the fractional dynamics in languages : dynamical statistical properties of word counts of already popular words ; ultraslow diffusion ( i . e . logarithmic diffusion ) has been extensively studied theoretically , but has hardly been observed empirically . in this paper , firstly , we find the ultraslow - like diffusion of the time - series of word counts of already popular words by analysing three different nationwide language databases : ( i ) newspaper articles (←
→ evolutionary design of photometric systems and its application to gaia ; designing a photometric system to best fulfil a set of scientific goals is a complex task , demanding a compromise between conflicting requirements and subject to various constraints . a specific example is the determination of stellar astrophysical parameters ( aps ) - effective temperature , metallicity etc . - across a wide range of stellar types . i present a novel approach to this problem which makes minimal assumptions about the require ←
→ comicolorization : semi - automatic manga colorization ; we developed " comicolorization ", a semi - automatic colorization system for manga images . given a monochrome manga and reference images as inputs , our system generates a plausible color version of the manga . this is the first work to address the colorization of an entire manga title ( a set of manga pages ). our method colorizes a whole page ( not a single panel ) semi - automatically , with the same color for the same character across multiple panels . to coloriz ←
→ making a long story short : a multi - importance fast - forwarding egocentric videos with the emphasis on relevant objects ; the emergence of low - cost high - quality personal wearable cameras combined with the increasing storage capacity of video - sharing websites have evoked a growing interest in first - person videos , since most videos are composed of long - running unedited streams which are usually tedious and unpleasant to watch . state - of - the - art semantic fast - forward methods currently face the challenge of prov ←
→ ant colony optimization of rough set for hv bushings fault detection ; most transformer failures are attributed to bushings failures . hence it is necessary to monitor the condition of bushings . in this paper three methods are developed to monitor the condition of oil filled bushing . multi - layer perceptron ( mlp ), radial basis function ( rbf ) and rough set ( rs ) models are developed and combined through majority voting to form a committee . the mlp performs better that the rbf and the rs is terms of classificati ←
→ forest garrote ; variable selection for high - dimensional linear models has received a lot of attention lately , mostly in the context of l1 - regularization . part of the attraction is the variable selection effect : parsimonious models are obtained , which are very suitable for interpretation . in terms of predictive power , however , these regularized linear models are often slightly inferior to machine learning procedures like tree ensembles . tree ensembles , on the other hand , lack usually a formal way of variabl ←
→ pipeline generative adversarial networks for facial images generation with multiple attributes ; generative adversarial networks are proved to be efficient on various kinds of image generation tasks . however , it is still a challenge if we want to generate images precisely . many researchers focus on how to generate images with one attribute . but image generation under multiple attributes is still a tough work . in this paper , we try to generate a variety of face images under multiple constraints using a pip ←
→ relaxed sparse eigenvalue conditions for sparse estimation via non - convex regularized regression ; non - convex regularizers usually improve the performance of sparse estimation in practice . to prove this fact , we study the conditions of sparse estimations for the sharp concave regularizers which are a general family of non - convex regularizers including many existing regularizers . for the global solutions of the regularized regression , our sparse eigenvalue based conditions are weaker than that of l1 - regula ←
→ maca : a modular architecture for conversational agents ; we propose a software architecture designed to ease the implementation of dialogue systems . the modular architecture for conversational agents ( maca ) uses a plug - n - play style that allows quick prototyping , thereby facilitating the development of new techniques and the reproduction of previous work . the architecture separates the domain of the conversation from the agent ' s dialogue strategy , and as such can be easily extended to multiple domains . maca ←
→ efficient image categorization with sparse fisher vector ; in object recognition , fisher vector ( fv ) representation is one of the state - of - art image representations ways at the expense of dense , high dimensional features and increased computation time . a simplification of fv is attractive , so we propose sparse fisher vector ( sfv ). by incorporating locality strategy , we can accelerate the fisher coding step in image categorization which is implemented from a collective of local descriptors . combining with po ←
→ a semi - supervised fuzzy growcut algorithm to segment and classify regions of interest of mammographic images ; according to the world health organization , breast cancer is the most common form of cancer in women . it is the second leading cause of death among women round the world , becoming the most fatal form of cancer . mammographic image segmentation is a fundamental task to support image analysis and diagnosis , taking into account shape analysis of mammary lesions and their borders . however , mammogram s ←
→ neural program meta - induction ; most recently proposed methods for neural program induction work under the assumption of having a large set of input / output ( i / o ) examples for learning any underlying input - output mapping . this paper aims to address the problem of data and computation efficiency of program induction by leveraging information from related tasks . specifically , we propose two approaches for cross - task knowledge transfer to improve program induction in limited - data scenarios . in our first proposa ←
→ a generalized risk approach to path inference based on hidden markov models ; motivated by the unceasing interest in hidden markov models ( hmms ), this paper re - examines hidden path inference in these models , using primarily a risk - based framework . while the most common maximum a posteriori ( map ), or viterbi , path estimator and the minimum error , or posterior decoder ( pd ), have long been around , other path estimators , or decoders , have been either only hinted at or applied more recently and in dedicated ap ←
→ on the equivalence of hopfield networks and boltzmann machines ; a specific type of neural network , the restricted boltzmann machine ( rbm ), is implemented for classification and feature detection in machine learning . rbm is characterized by separate layers of visible and hidden units , which are able to learn efficiently a generative model of the observed data . we study a " hybrid " version of rbm ' s , in which hidden units are analog and visible units are binary , and we show that thermodynamics of visible units ←
→ simple problems : the simplicial gluing structure of pareto sets and pareto fronts ; quite a few studies on real - world applications of multi - objective optimization reported that their pareto sets and pareto fronts form a topological simplex . such a class of problems was recently named the simple problems , and their pareto set and pareto front were observed to have a gluing structure similar to the faces of a simplex . this paper gives a theoretical justification for that observation by proving the gluing st ←
→ gradient density estimation in arbitrary finite dimensions using the method of stationary phase ; we prove that the density function of the gradient of a sufficiently smooth function $ s : \ omega \ subset \ mathbb { r }^ d \ rightarrow \ mathbb { r }$, obtained via a random variable transformation of a uniformly distributed random variable , is increasingly closely approximated by the normalized power spectrum of $\ phi =\ exp \ left (\ frac { is }{\ tau }\ right )$ as the free parameter $\ tau \ rightarrow 0 $. the result is shown us ←
→ deep kernelized autoencoders ; in this paper we introduce the deep kernelized autoencoder , a neural network model that allows an explicit approximation of ( i ) the mapping from an input space to an arbitrary , user - specified kernel space and ( ii ) the back - projection from such a kernel space to input space . the proposed method is based on traditional autoencoders and is trained through a new unsupervised loss function . during training , we optimize both the reconstruction accuracy of input samples and the align ←
→ avoiding undesired choices using intelligent adaptive systems ; we propose a number of heuristics that can be used for identifying when intransitive choice behaviour is likely to occur in choice situations . we also suggest two methods for avoiding undesired choice behaviour , namely transparent communication and adaptive choice - set generation . we believe that these two ways can contribute to the avoidance of decision biases in choice situations that may often be regretted .←
→ evaluating influence diagrams using limids ; we present a new approach to the solution of decision problems formulated as influence diagrams . the approach converts the influence diagram into a simpler structure , the limited memory influence diagram ( limid ), where only the requisite information for the computation of optimal policies is depicted . because the requisite information is explicitly represented in the diagram , the evaluation procedure can take advantage of it . in this paper we show how to convert ←
→ an initial seed selection algorithm for k - means clustering of georeferenced data to improve replicability of cluster assignments for mapping application ; k - means is one of the most widely used clustering algorithms in various disciplines , especially for large datasets . however the method is known to be highly sensitive to initial seed selection of cluster centers . k - means ++ has been proposed to overcome this problem and has been shown to have better accuracy and computational efficiency than k - means . i ←
→ semi - automatic annotation process for procedural texts : an application on cooking recipes ; taaable is a case - based reasoning system that adapts cooking recipes to user constraints . within it , the preparation part of recipes is formalised as a graph . this graph is a semantic representation of the sequence of instructions composing the cooking process and is used to compute the procedure adaptation , conjointly with the textual adaptation . it is composed of cooking actions and ingredients , among others , rep ←
→ geometrical insights for implicit generative modeling ; learning algorithms for implicit generative models can optimize a variety of criteria that measure how the data distribution differs from the implicit model distribution , including the wasserstein distance , the energy distance , and the maximum mean discrepancy criterion . a careful look at the geometries induced by these distances on the space of probability measures reveals interesting differences . in particular , we can establish surprising approximate ←
→ bootstrap - based regularization for low - rank matrix estimation ; we develop a flexible framework for low - rank matrix estimation that allows us to transform noise models into regularization schemes via a simple bootstrap algorithm . effectively , our procedure seeks an autoencoding basis for the observed matrix that is stable with respect to the specified noise model ; we call the resulting procedure a stable autoencoder . in the simplest case , with an isotropic noise model , our method is equivalent to a classica ←
→ complete dictionary recovery over the sphere i : overview and the geometric picture ; we consider the problem of recovering a complete ( i . e ., square and invertible ) matrix $\ mathbf a_0 $, from $\ mathbf y \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ n \ times p }$ with $\ mathbf y = \ mathbf a_0 \ mathbf x_0 $, provided $\ mathbf x_0 $ is sufficiently sparse . this recovery problem is central to theoretical understanding of dictionary learning , which seeks a sparse representation for a collection of input signals and finds numerous applications ←
→ batch - based activity recognition from egocentric photo - streams ; activity recognition from long unstructured egocentric photo - streams has several applications in assistive technology such as health monitoring and frailty detection , just to name a few . however , one of its main technical challenges is to deal with the low frame rate of wearable photo - cameras , which causes abrupt appearance changes between consecutive frames . in consequence , important discriminatory low - level features from motion such as optic ←
→ recognition of acoustic events using masked conditional neural networks ; automatic feature extraction using neural networks has accomplished remarkable success for images , but for sound recognition , these models are usually modified to fit the nature of the multi - dimensional temporal representation of the audio signal in spectrograms . this may not efficiently harness the time - frequency representation of the signal . the conditional neural network ( clnn ) takes into consideration the interrelation between the ←
→ routing networks : adaptive selection of non - linear functions for multi - task learning ; multi - task learning ( mtl ) with neural networks leverages commonalities in tasks to improve performance , but often suffers from task interference which reduces the benefits of transfer . to address this issue we introduce the routing network paradigm , a novel neural network and training algorithm . a routing network is a kind of self - organizing neural network consisting of two components : a router and a set of one or more ←
→ learning relevant features of data with multi - scale tensor networks ; inspired by coarse - graining approaches used in physics , we show how similar algorithms can be adapted for data . the resulting algorithms are based on layered tree tensor networks and scale linearly with both the dimension of the input and the training set size . computing most of the layers with an unsupervised algorithm , then optimizing just the top layer for supervised classification of the mnist and fashion - mnist data sets gives very go ←
→ photographic text - to - image synthesis with a hierarchically - nested adversarial network ; this paper presents a novel method to deal with the challenging task of generating photographic images conditioned on semantic image descriptions . our method introduces accompanying hierarchical - nested adversarial objectives inside the network hierarchies , which regularize mid - level representations and assist generator training to capture the complex image statistics . we present an extensile single - stream generator arc ←
→ depth from monocular images using a semi - parallel deep neural network ( spdnn ) hybrid architecture ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) techniques are applied to the problem of determining the depth from a single camera image ( monocular depth ). fully connected cnn topologies preserve all details of the input images , enabling the detection of fine details , but miss larger features ; networks that employ 2x2 , 4x4 and 8x8 max - pooling operators can determine larger features at the expense of finer details . afte ←
→ a geometric approach for fully automatic chromosome segmentation ; a fundamental task in human chromosome analysis is chromosome segmentation . segmentation plays an important role in chromosome karyotyping . the first step in segmentation is to remove intrusive objects such as stain debris and other noises . the next step is detection of touching and overlapping chromosomes , and the final step is separation of such chromosomes . common methods for separation between touching chromosomes are interactive and req ←
→ learning to explain : an information - theoretic perspective on model interpretation ; we introduce instancewise feature selection as a methodology for model interpretation . our method is based on learning a function to extract a subset of features that are most informative for each given example . this feature selector is trained to maximize the mutual information between selected features and the response variable , where the conditional distribution of the response variable given the input is the model to b ←
→ reasoning about cardinal directions between extended objects ; direction relations between extended spatial objects are important commonsense knowledge . recently , goyal and egenhofer proposed a formal model , known as cardinal direction calculus ( cdc ), for representing direction relations between connected plane regions . cdc is perhaps the most expressive qualitative calculus for directional information , and has attracted increasing interest from areas such as artificial intelligence , geographical informatio ←
→ video frame interpolation via adaptive separable convolution ; standard video frame interpolation methods first estimate optical flow between input frames and then synthesize an intermediate frame guided by motion . recent approaches merge these two steps into a single convolution process by convolving input frames with spatially adaptive kernels that account for motion and re - sampling simultaneously . these methods require large kernels to handle large motion , which limits the number of pixels whose kernels ←
→ scalable nonparametric bayesian inference on point processes with gaussian processes ; in this paper we propose the first non - parametric bayesian model using gaussian processes to make inference on poisson point processes without resorting to gridding the domain or to introducing latent thinning points . unlike competing models that scale cubically and have a squared memory requirement in the number of data points , our model has a linear complexity and memory requirement . we propose an mcmc sampler and sho ←
→ the structure of optimal parameters for image restoration problems ; we study the qualitative properties of optimal regularisation parameters in variational models for image restoration . the parameters are solutions of bilevel optimisation problems with the image restoration problem as constraint . a general type of regulariser is considered , which encompasses total variation ( tv ), total generalized variation ( tgv ) and infimal - convolution total variation ( ictv ). we prove that under certain conditions on the ←
→ bi - modal gödel logic over [ 0 , 1 ]- valued kripke frames ; we consider the g \" odel bi - modal logic determined by fuzzy kripke models where both the propositions and the accessibility relation are infinitely valued over the standard g \" odel algebra [ 0 , 1 ] and prove strong completeness of fischer servi intuitionistic modal logic ik plus the prelinearity axiom with respect to this semantics . we axiomatize also the bi - modal analogues of $ t ,$ $ s4 ,$ and $ s5 $ obtained by restricting to models over frames satisfying the ←
→ semantic filtering by inference on domain knowledge in spoken dialogue systems ; general natural dialogue processing requires large amounts of domain knowledge as well as linguistic knowledge in order to ensure acceptable coverage and understanding . there are several ways of integrating lexical resources ( e . g . dictionaries , thesauri ) and knowledge bases or ontologies at different levels of dialogue processing . we concentrate in this paper on how to exploit domain knowledge for filtering interpretation hyp ←
→ beyond bilinear : generalized multi - modal factorized high - order pooling for visual question answering ; visual question answering ( vqa ) is challenging because it requires a simultaneous understanding of both visual content of images and textual content of questions . to support the vqa task , we need to find good solutions for the following three issues : 1 ) fine - grained feature representations for both the image and the question ; 2 ) multi - modal feature fusion that is able to capture the complex interactions ←
→ forward - backward greedy algorithms for atomic norm regularization ; in many signal processing applications , the aim is to reconstruct a signal that has a simple representation with respect to a certain basis or frame . fundamental elements of the basis known as " atoms " allow us to define " atomic norms " that can be used to formulate convex regularizations for the reconstruction problem . efficient algorithms are available to solve these formulations in certain special cases , but an approach that works well f ←
→ thoracic disease identification and localization with limited supervision ; accurate identification and localization of abnormalities from radiology images play an integral part in clinical diagnosis and treatment planning . building a highly accurate prediction model for these tasks usually requires a large number of images manually annotated with labels and finding sites of abnormalities . in reality , however , such annotated data are expensive to acquire , especially the ones with location annotations . we ←
→ learning robust and adaptive real - world continuous control using simulation and transfer learning ; we use model - free reinforcement learning , extensive simulation , and transfer learning to develop a continuous control algorithm that has good zero - shot performance in a real physical environment . we train a simulated agent to act optimally across a set of similar environments , each with dynamics drawn from a prior distribution . we propose that the agent is able to adjust its actions almost immediately , base ←
→ efficient object localization using convolutional networks ; recent state - of - the - art performance on human - body pose estimation has been achieved with deep convolutional networks ( convnets ). traditional convnet architectures include pooling and sub - sampling layers which reduce computational requirements , introduce invariance and prevent over - training . these benefits of pooling come at the cost of reduced localization accuracy . we introduce a novel architecture which includes an efficient ` position refinement ←
→ formal guarantees on the robustness of a classifier against adversarial manipulation ; recent work has shown that state - of - the - art classifiers are quite brittle , in the sense that a small adversarial change of an originally with high confidence correctly classified input leads to a wrong classification again with high confidence . this raises concerns that such classifiers are vulnerable to attacks and calls into question their usage in safety - critical systems . we show in this paper for the first time form ←
→ memorization in a neural network with adjustable transfer function and conditional gating ; the main problem about replacing ltp as a memory mechanism has been to find other highly abstract , easily understandable principles for induced plasticity . in this paper we attempt to lay out such a basic mechanism , namely intrinsic plasticity . important empirical observations with theoretical significance are time - layering of neural plasticity mediated by additional constraints to enter into later stages , various ←
→ continuous dr - submodular maximization : structure and algorithms ; dr - submodular continuous functions are important objectives with wide real - world applications spanning map inference in determinantal point processes ( dpps ), and mean - field inference for probabilistic submodular models , amongst others . dr - submodularity captures a subclass of non - convex functions that enables both exact minimization and approximate maximization in polynomial time . in this work we study the problem of maximizing non - monotone ←
→ hybrid evolutionary algorithm with extreme machine learning fitness function evaluation for two - stage capacitated facility location problem ; this paper considers the two - stage capacitated facility location problem ( tscflp ) in which products manufactured in plants are delivered to customers via storage depots . customer demands are satisfied subject to limited plant production and limited depot storage capacity . the objective is to determine the locations of plants and depots in order to minimize the total ←
→ causal network learning from multiple interventions of unknown manipulated targets ; in this paper , we discuss structure learning of causal networks from multiple data sets obtained by external intervention experiments where we do not know what variables are manipulated . for example , the conditions in these experiments are changed by changing temperature or using drugs , but we do not know what target variables are manipulated by the external interventions . from such data sets , the structure learning becom ←
→ statistical learning of arbitrary computable classifiers ; statistical learning theory chiefly studies restricted hypothesis classes , particularly those with finite vapnik - chervonenkis ( vc ) dimension . the fundamental quantity of interest is the sample complexity : the number of samples required to learn to a specified level of accuracy . here we consider learning over the set of all computable labeling functions . since the vc - dimension is infinite and a priori ( uniform ) bounds on the number of samples are imp ←
→ image classification and optimized image reproduction ; by taking into account the properties and limitations of the human visual system , images can be more efficiently compressed , colors more accurately reproduced , prints better rendered . to show all these advantages in this paper new adapted color charts have been created based on technical and visual image category analysis . a number of tests have been carried out using extreme images with their key information strictly in dark and light areas . it was sh ←
→ a color quantization optimization approach for image representation learning ; over the last two decades , hand - crafted feature extractors have been used in order to compose image representations . recently , data - driven feature learning have been explored as a way of producing more representative visual features . in this work , we proposed two approaches to learn image visual representations which aims at providing more effective and compact image representations . our strategy employs genetic algorithms to i ←
→ an online convex optimization approach to blackwell ' s approachability ; the notion of approachability in repeated games with vector payoffs was introduced by blackwell in the 1950s , along with geometric conditions for approachability and corresponding strategies that rely on computing {\ em steering directions } as projections from the current average payoff vector to the ( convex ) target set . recently , abernethy , batlett and hazan ( 2011 ) proposed a class of approachability algorithms that rely on the no - regre ←
→ precise n - gram probabilities from stochastic context - free grammars ; we present an algorithm for computing n - gram probabilities from stochastic context - free grammars , a procedure that can alleviate some of the standard problems associated with n - grams ( estimation from sparse data , lack of linguistic structure , among others ). the method operates via the computation of substring expectations , which in turn is accomplished by solving systems of linear equations derived from the grammar . we discuss efficient im ←
→ inductive logic programming in databases : from datalog to dl + log ; in this paper we address an issue that has been brought to the attention of the database community with the advent of the semantic web , i . e . the issue of how ontologies ( and semantics conveyed by them ) can help solving typical database problems , through a better understanding of kr aspects related to databases . in particular , we investigate this issue from the ilp perspective by considering two database problems , ( i ) the definition of views ←
→ nonconvex penalization in sparse estimation : an approach based on the bernstein function ; in this paper we study nonconvex penalization using bernstein functions whose first - order derivatives are completely monotone . the bernstein function can induce a class of nonconvex penalty functions for high - dimensional sparse estimation problems . we derive a thresholding function based on the bernstein penalty and discuss some important mathematical properties in sparsity modeling . we show that a coordinate descen ←
→ reddwarfdata : a simplified dataset of starcraft matches ; the game starcraft is one of the most interesting arenas to test new machine learning and computational intelligence techniques ; however , starcraft matches take a long time and creating a good dataset for training can be hard . besides , analyzing match logs to extract the main characteristics can also be done in many different ways to the point that extracting and processing data itself can take an inordinate amount of time and of course , depending on ←
→ comparing the performance of l * a * b * and hsv color spaces with respect to color image segmentation ; color image segmentation is a very emerging topic for image processing research . since it has the ability to present the result in a way that is much more close to the human yes perceive , so todays more research is going on this area . choosing a proper color space is a very important issue for color image segmentation process . generally lab and hsv are the two frequently chosen color spaces . in this paper a ←
→ context is everything : finding meaning statistically in semantic spaces ; this paper introduces a simple and explicit measure of word importance in a global context , including very small contexts ( 10 + sentences ). after generating a word - vector space containing both 2 - gram clauses and single tokens , it became clear that more contextually significant words disproportionately define clause meanings . using this simple relationship in a weighted bag - of - words sentence embedding model results in sentence vectors t ←
→ a novel transfer learning approach upon hindi , arabic , and bangla numerals using convolutional neural networks ; increased accuracy in predictive models for handwritten character recognition will open up new frontiers for optical character recognition . major drawbacks of predictive machine learning models are headed by the elongated training time taken by some models , and the requirement that training and test data be in the same feature space and consist of the same distribution . in this study , these obs ←
→ sirf : simultaneous image registration and fusion in a unified framework ; in this paper , we propose a novel method for image fusion with a high - resolution panchromatic image and a low - resolution multispectral image at the same geographical location . the fusion is formulated as a convex optimization problem which minimizes a linear combination of a least - squares fitting term and a dynamic gradient sparsity regularizer . the former is to preserve accurate spectral information of the multispectral image , while ←
→ knowledge transfer with jacobian matching ; classical distillation methods transfer representations from a " teacher " neural network to a " student " network by matching their output activations . recent methods also match the jacobians , or the gradient of output activations with the input . however , this involves making some ad hoc decisions , in particular , the choice of the loss function . in this paper , we first establish an equivalence between jacobian matching and distillation with input noise , from which ←
→ scaling laws and fluctuations in the statistics of word frequencies ; in this paper we combine statistical analysis of large text databases and simple stochastic models to explain the appearance of scaling laws in the statistics of word frequencies . besides the sublinear scaling of the vocabulary size with database size ( heaps ' law ), here we report a new scaling of the fluctuations around this average ( fluctuation scaling analysis ). we explain both scaling laws by modeling the usage of words by simple stoch ←
→ machine generalization and human categorization : an information - theoretic view ; in designing an intelligent system that must be able to explain its reasoning to a human user , or to provide generalizations that the human user finds reasonable , it may be useful to take into consideration psychological data on what types of concepts and categories people naturally use . the psychological literature on concept learning and categorization provides strong evidence that certain categories are more easily learned ←
→ how to make causal inferences using texts ; new text as data techniques offer a great promise : the ability to inductively discover measures that are useful for testing social science theories of interest from large collections of text . we introduce a conceptual framework for making causal inferences with discovered measures as a treatment or outcome . our framework enables researchers to discover high - dimensional textual interventions and estimate the ways that observed treatments affect text - based outcomes .←
→ correspondence factor analysis of big data sets : a case study of 30 million words ; and contrasting analytics using apache solr and correspondence analysis in r ; we consider a large number of text data sets . these are cooking recipes . term distribution and other distributional properties of the data are investigated . our aim is to look at various analytical approaches which allow for mining of information on both high and low detail scales . metric space embedding is fundamental to our interest in the se ←
→ necessary and sufficient conditions for novel word detection in separable topic models ; the simplicial condition and other stronger conditions that imply it have recently played a central role in developing polynomial time algorithms with provable asymptotic consistency and sample complexity guarantees for topic estimation in separable topic models . of these algorithms , those that rely solely on the simplicial condition are impractical while the practical ones need stronger conditions . in this paper , we ←
→ a review on handwritten character and numeral recognition for roman , arabic , chinese and indian scripts ; there are a lot of intensive researches on handwritten character recognition ( hcr ) for almost past four decades . the research has been done on some of popular scripts such as roman , arabic , chinese and indian . in this paper we present a review on hcr work on the four popular scripts . we have summarized most of the published paper from 2005 to recent and also analyzed the various methods in creating a ←
→ acquiring common sense spatial knowledge through implicit spatial templates ; spatial understanding is a fundamental problem with wide - reaching real - world applications . the representation of spatial knowledge is often modeled with spatial templates , i . e ., regions of acceptability of two objects under an explicit spatial relationship ( e . g ., " on ", " below ", etc .). in contrast with prior work that restricts spatial templates to explicit spatial prepositions ( e . g ., " glass on table "), here we extend this concep ←
→ moving toward high precision dynamical modelling in hidden markov models ; hidden markov model ( hmm ) is often regarded as the dynamical model of choice in many fields and applications . it is also at the heart of most state - of - the - art speech recognition systems since the 70 ' s . however , from gaussian mixture models hmms ( gmm - hmm ) to deep neural network hmms ( dnn - hmm ), the underlying markovian chain of state - of - the - art models did not changed much . the " left - to - right " topology is mostly always employed because ←
→ cosine similarity measure according to a convex cost function ; in this paper , we describe a new vector similarity measure associated with a convex cost function . given two vectors , we determine the surface normals of the convex function at the vectors . the angle between the two surface normals is the similarity measure . convex cost function can be the negative entropy function , total variation ( tv ) function and filtered variation function . the convex cost function need not be differentiable everywhere . in ←
→ convergence analysis of the dynamics of a special kind of two - layered neural networks with $\ ell_1 $ and $\ ell_2 $ regularization ; in this paper , we made an extension to the convergence analysis of the dynamics of two - layered bias - free networks with one $ relu $ output . we took into consideration two popular regularization terms : the $\ ell_1 $ and $\ ell_2 $ norm of the parameter vector $ w $, and added it to the square loss function with coefficient $\ lambda / 2 $. we proved that when $\ lambda $ is small , the weight ←
→ fairness testing : testing software for discrimination ; this paper defines software fairness and discrimination and develops a testing - based method for measuring if and how much software discriminates , focusing on causality in discriminatory behavior . evidence of software discrimination has been found in modern software systems that recommend criminal sentences , grant access to financial products , and determine who is allowed to participate in promotions . our approach , themis , generates efficient test suite ←
→ matching neural paths : transfer from recognition to correspondence search ; many machine learning tasks require finding per - part correspondences between objects . in this work we focus on low - level correspondences - a highly ambiguous matching problem . we propose to use a hierarchical semantic representation of the objects , coming from a convolutional neural network , to solve this ambiguity . training it for low - level correspondence prediction directly might not be an option in some domains where the ground ←
→ analysis of a play by means of chaplin , the characters and places interaction network software ; recently , we have developed a software able of gathering information on social networks from written texts . this software , the characters and places interaction network ( chaplin ) tool , is implemented in visual basic . by means of it , characters and places of a literary work can be extracted from a list of raw words . the software interface helps users to select their names out of this list . setting some paramete ←
→ towards alzheimer ' s disease classification through transfer learning ; detection of alzheimer ' s disease ( ad ) from neuroimaging data such as mri through machine learning have been a subject of intense research in recent years . recent success of deep learning in computer vision have progressed such research further . however , common limitations with such algorithms are reliance on a large number of training images , and requirement of careful optimization of the architecture of deep networks . in this paper , we ←
→ a partitioning algorithm for detecting eventuality coincidence in temporal double recurrence ; a logical theory of regular double or multiple recurrence of eventualities , which are regular patterns of occurrences that are repeated , in time , has been developed within the context of temporal reasoning that enabled reasoning about the problem of coincidence . i . e . if two complex eventualities , or eventuality sequences consisting respectively of component eventualities x0 , x1 ,...., xr and y0 , y1 , .., ys both rec ←
→ can we steal your vocal identity from the internet ?: initial investigation of cloning obama ' s voice using gan , wavenet and low - quality found data ; thanks to the growing availability of spoofing databases and rapid advances in using them , systems for detecting voice spoofing attacks are becoming more and more capable , and error rates close to zero are being reached for the asvspoof2015 database . however , speech synthesis and voice conversion paradigms that are not considered in the asvspoof2015 database ←
→ image stitching by line - guided local warping with global similarity constraint ; low - textured image stitching remains a challenging problem . it is difficult to achieve good alignment and it is easy to break image structures due to insufficient and unreliable point correspondences . moreover , because of the viewpoint variations between multiple images , the stitched images suffer from projective distortions . to solve these problems , this paper presents a line - guided local warping method with a global similar ←
→ detecting sockpuppets in deceptive opinion spam ; this paper explores the problem of sockpuppet detection in deceptive opinion spam using authorship attribution and verification approaches . two methods are explored . the first is a feature subsampling scheme that uses the kl - divergence on stylistic language models of an author to find discriminative features . the second is a transduction scheme , spy induction that leverages the diversity of authors in the unlabeled test set by sending a set of spies ( positiv ←
→ dispute resolution using argumentation - based mediation ; mediation is a process , in which both parties agree to resolve their dispute by negotiating over alternative solutions presented by a mediator . in order to construct such solutions , mediation brings more information and knowledge , and , if possible , resources to the negotiation table . the contribution of this paper is the automated mediation machinery which does that . it presents an argumentation - based mediation approach that extends the logic - based ap ←
→ image compression with iterated function systems , finite automata and zerotrees : grand unification ; fractal image compression , culik ' s image compression and zerotree prediction coding of wavelet image decomposition coefficients succeed only because typical images being compressed possess a significant degree of self - similarity . besides the common concept , these methods turn out to be even more tightly related , to the point of algorithmical reducibility of one technique to another . the goal of the present ←
→ learning to disambiguate by asking discriminative questions ; the ability to ask questions is a powerful tool to gather information in order to learn about the world and resolve ambiguities . in this paper , we explore a novel problem of generating discriminative questions to help disambiguate visual instances . our work can be seen as a complement and new extension to the rich research studies on image captioning and question answering . we introduce the first large - scale dataset with over 10 , 000 carefully ann ←
→ artificial neural networks , symmetries and differential evolution ; neuroevolution is an active and growing research field , especially in times of increasingly parallel computing architectures . learning methods for artificial neural networks ( ann ) can be divided into two groups . neuroevolution is mainly based on monte - carlo techniques and belongs to the group of global search methods , whereas other methods such as backpropagation belong to the group of local search methods . ann ' s comprise important symmetry ←
→ macquarie university at bioasq 5b -- query - based summarisation techniques for selecting the ideal answers ; macquarie university ' s contribution to the bioasq challenge ( task 5b phase b ) focused on the use of query - based extractive summarisation techniques for the generation of the ideal answers . four runs were submitted , with approaches ranging from a trivial system that selected the first $ n $ snippets , to the use of deep learning approaches under a regression framework . our experiments and the rouge resu ←
→ achieving non - discrimination in prediction ; discrimination - aware classification is receiving an increasing attention in the data mining and machine learning fields . the data preprocessing methods for constructing a discrimination - free classifier remove discrimination from the training data , and learn the classifier from the cleaned data . however , there lacks of a theoretical guarantee for the performance of these methods . in this paper , we fill this theoretical gap by mathematically bounding the probabilit ←
→ plausibility measures and default reasoning ; we introduce a new approach to modeling uncertainty based on plausibility measures . this approach is easily seen to generalize other approaches to modeling uncertainty , such as probability measures , belief functions , and possibility measures . we focus on one application of plausibility measures in this paper : default reasoning . in recent years , a number of different semantics for defaults have been proposed , such as preferential structures , $\ epsilon $- semantics ,←
→ evolutionary synthesis of deep neural networks via synaptic cluster - driven genetic encoding ; there has been significant recent interest towards achieving highly efficient deep neural network architectures . a promising paradigm for achieving this is the concept of evolutionary deep intelligence , which attempts to mimic biological evolution processes to synthesize highly - efficient deep neural networks over successive generations . an important aspect of evolutionary deep intelligence is the genetic encoding ←
→ critical control of a genetic algorithm ; based on speculations coming from statistical mechanics and the conjectured existence of critical states , i propose a simple heuristic in order to control the mutation probability and the population size of a genetic algorithm .←
→ cross - lingual annotation projection for semantic roles ; this article considers the task of automatically inducing role - semantic annotations in the framenet paradigm for new languages . we propose a general framework that is based on annotation projection , phrased as a graph optimization problem . it is relatively inexpensive and has the potential to reduce the human effort involved in creating role - semantic resources . within this framework , we present projection models that exploit lexical and syntactic info ←
→ investigating the performance of correspondence algorithms in vision based driver - assistance in indoor environment ; this paper presents the experimental comparison of fourteen stereo matching algorithms in variant illumination conditions . different adaptations of global and local stereo matching techniques are chosen for evaluation the variant strength and weakness of the chosen correspondence algorithms are explored by employing the methodology of the prediction error strategy . the algorithms are gauged ←
→ comparing information - theoretic measures of complexity in boltzmann machines ; in the past three decades , many theoretical measures of complexity have been proposed to help understand complex systems . in this work , for the first time , we place these measures on a level playing field , to explore the qualitative similarities and differences between them , and their shortcomings . specifically , using the boltzmann machine architecture ( a fully connected recurrent neural network ) with uniformly distributed weig ←
→ context - sensitive super - resolution for fast fetal magnetic resonance imaging ; 3d magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) is often a trade - off between fast but low - resolution image acquisition and highly detailed but slow image acquisition . fast imaging is required for targets that move to avoid motion artefacts . this is in particular difficult for fetal mri . spatially independent upsampling techniques , which are the state - of - the - art to address this problem , are error prone and disregard contextual information . ←
→ contrast enhancement of brightness - distorted images by improved adaptive gamma correction ; as an efficient image contrast enhancement ( ce ) tool , adaptive gamma correction ( agc ) was previously proposed by relating gamma parameter with cumulative distribution function ( cdf ) of the pixel gray levels within an image . acg deals well with most dimmed images , but fails for globally bright images and the dimmed images with local bright regions . such two categories of brightness - distorted images are universal in ←
→ a new look at the classical entropy of written english ; a simple method for finding the entropy and redundancy of a reasonable long sample of english text by direct computer processing and from first principles according to shannon theory is presented . as an example , results on the entropy of the english language have been obtained based on a total of 20 . 3 million characters of written english , considering symbols from one to five hundred characters in length . besides a more realistic value of the entropy ←
→ multi - objective evolution for 3d rts micro ; we attack the problem of controlling teams of autonomous units during skirmishes in real - time strategy games . earlier work had shown promise in evolving control algorithm parameters that lead to high performance team behaviors similar to those favored by good human players in real - time strategy games like starcraft . this algorithm specifically encoded parameterized kiting and fleeing behaviors and the genetic algorithm evolved these parameter values . in this pape ←
→ a lightweight stemmer for gujarati ; gujarati is a resource poor language with almost no language processing tools being available . in this paper we have shown an implementation of a rule based stemmer of gujarati . we have shown the creation of rules for stemming and the richness in morphology that gujarati possesses . we have also evaluated our results by verifying it with a human expert .←
→ a divide - and - conquer solver for kernel support vector machines ; the kernel support vector machine ( svm ) is one of the most widely used classification methods ; however , the amount of computation required becomes the bottleneck when facing millions of samples . in this paper , we propose and analyze a novel divide - and - conquer solver for kernel svms ( dc - svm ). in the division step , we partition the kernel svm problem into smaller subproblems by clustering the data , so that each subproblem can be solved independe ←
→ interpretable convolutional neural networks ; this paper proposes a method to modify traditional convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) into interpretable cnns , in order to clarify knowledge representations in high conv - layers of cnns . in an interpretable cnn , each filter in a high conv - layer represents a certain object part . we do not need any annotations of object parts or textures to supervise the learning process . instead , the interpretable cnn automatically assigns each filter in a high conv - layer with a ←
→ metalinguistic information extraction for terminology ; this paper describes and evaluates the metalinguistic operation processor ( mop ) system for automatic compilation of metalinguistic information from technical and scientific documents . this system is designed to extract non - standard terminological resources that we have called metalinguistic information databases ( or mids ), in order to help update changing glossaries , knowledge bases and ontologies , as well as to reflect the metastable dynamics of speci ←
→ query focused abstractive summarization : incorporating query relevance , multi - document coverage , and summary length constraints into seq2seq models ; query focused summarization ( qfs ) has been addressed mostly using extractive methods . such methods , however , produce text which suffers from low coherence . we investigate how abstractive methods can be applied to qfs , to overcome such limitations . recent developments in neural - attention based sequence - to - sequence models have led to state - of - the - art results o ←
→ discovering the hidden structure of complex dynamic systems ; dynamic bayesian networks provide a compact and natural representation for complex dynamic systems . however , in many cases , there is no expert available from whom a model can be elicited . learning provides an alternative approach for constructing models of dynamic systems . in this paper , we address some of the crucial computational aspects of learning the structure of dynamic systems , particularly those where some relevant variables are partially ←
→ type - constrained representation learning in knowledge graphs ; large knowledge graphs increasingly add value to various applications that require machines to recognize and understand queries and their semantics , as in search or question answering systems . latent variable models have increasingly gained attention for the statistical modeling of knowledge graphs , showing promising results in tasks related to knowledge graph completion and cleaning . besides storing facts about the world , schema - based knowledge ←
→ aligning packed dependency trees : a theory of composition for distributional semantics ; we present a new framework for compositional distributional semantics in which the distributional contexts of lexemes are expressed in terms of anchored packed dependency trees . we show that these structures have the potential to capture the full sentential contexts of a lexeme and provide a uniform basis for the composition of distributional knowledge in a way that captures both mutual disambiguation and generalizati ←
→ toward crowd - sensitive path planning ; if a robot can predict crowds in parts of its environment that are inaccessible to its sensors , then it can plan to avoid them . this paper proposes a fast , online algorithm that learns average crowd densities in different areas . it also describes how these densities can be incorporated into existing navigation architectures . in simulation across multiple challenging crowd scenarios , the robot reaches its target faster , travels less , and risks fewer collisions than if i ←
→ statistical analysis of emotions and opinions at digg website ; we performed statistical analysis on data from the digg . com website , which enables its users to express their opinion on news stories by taking part in forum - like discussions as well as directly evaluate previous posts and stories by assigning so called " diggs ". owing to fact that the content of each post has been annotated with its emotional value , apart from the strictly structural properties , the study also includes an analysis of the averag ←
→ emoji2vec : learning emoji representations from their description ; many current natural language processing applications for social media rely on representation learning and utilize pre - trained word embeddings . there currently exist several publicly - available , pre - trained sets of word embeddings , but they contain few or no emoji representations even as emoji usage in social media has increased . in this paper we release emoji2vec , pre - trained embeddings for all unicode emoji which are learned from their desc ←
→ a novel approach in detecting pose orientation of a 3d face required for face ; in this paper we present a novel approach that takes as input a 3d image and gives as output its pose i . e . it tells whether the face is oriented with respect the x , y or z axes with angles of rotation up to 40 degree . all the experiments have been performed on the frav3d database . after applying the proposed algorithm to the 3d facial surface we have obtained i . e . on 848 3d face images our method detected the pose correctly fo ←
→ a gaussian mixture model representation of endmember variability in hyperspectral unmixing ; hyperspectral unmixing while considering endmember variability is usually performed by the normal compositional model ( ncm ), where the endmembers for each pixel are assumed to be sampled from unimodal gaussian distributions . however , in real applications , the distribution of a material is often not gaussian . in this paper , we use gaussian mixture models ( gmm ) to represent the endmember variability . we show , given ←
→ comparing probabilistic models for melodic sequences ; modelling the real world complexity of music is a challenge for machine learning . we address the task of modeling melodic sequences from the same music genre . we perform a comparative analysis of two probabilistic models ; a dirichlet variable length markov model ( dirichlet - vmm ) and a time convolutional restricted boltzmann machine ( tc - rbm ). we show that the tc - rbm learns descriptive music features , such as underlying chords and typical melody transition ←
→ a hybrid coa - dea method for solving multi - objective problems ; the cuckoo optimization algorithm ( coa ) is developed for solving single - objective problems and it cannot be used for solving multi - objective problems . so the multi - objective cuckoo optimization algorithm based on data envelopment analysis ( dea ) is developed in this paper and it can gain the efficient pareto frontiers . this algorithm is presented by the ccr model of dea and the output - oriented approach of it . the selection criterion is higher eff ←
→ confocalgn : a minimalistic confocal image simulator ; summary : we developed a user - friendly software to generate synthetic confocal microscopy images from a ground truth specified as a 3d bitmap with pixels of arbitrary size . the software can analyze a real confocal stack to derivate noise parameters and will use them directly to generate new images with similar noise characteristics . such synthetic images can then be used to assert the quality and robustness of an image analysis pipeline , as well as be u ←
→ an optimal control approach to deep learning and applications to discrete - weight neural networks ; deep learning is formulated as a discrete - time optimal control problem . this allows one to characterize necessary conditions for optimality and develop training algorithms that do not rely on gradients with respect to the trainable parameters . in particular , we introduce the discrete - time method of successive approximations ( msa ), which is based on the pontryagin ' s maximum principle , for training neural netw ←
→ a factorization machine framework for testing bigram embeddings in knowledgebase completion ; embedding - based knowledge base completion models have so far mostly combined distributed representations of individual entities or relations to compute truth scores of missing links . facts can however also be represented using pairwise embeddings , i . e . embeddings for pairs of entities and relations . in this paper we explore such bigram embeddings with a flexible factorization machine model and several ablations f ←
→ igd indicator - based evolutionary algorithm for many - objective optimization problems ; inverted generational distance ( igd ) has been widely considered as a reliable performance indicator to concurrently quantify the convergence and diversity of multi - and many - objective evolutionary algorithms . in this paper , an igd indicator - based evolutionary algorithm for solving many - objective optimization problems ( maops ) has been proposed . specifically , the igd indicator is employed in each generation to select the s ←
→ a comparative study of modern inference techniques for structured discrete energy minimization problems ; szeliski et al . published an influential study in 2006 on energy minimization methods for markov random fields ( mrf ). this study provided valuable insights in choosing the best optimization technique for certain classes of problems . while these insights remain generally useful today , the phenomenal success of random field models means that the kinds of inference problems that have to be solved changed ←
→ large - scale continuous gesture recognition using convolutional neural networks ; this paper addresses the problem of continuous gesture recognition from sequences of depth maps using convolutional neutral networks ( convnets ). the proposed method first segments individual gestures from a depth sequence based on quantity of movement ( qom ). for each segmented gesture , an improved depth motion map ( idmm ), which converts the depth sequence into one image , is constructed and fed to a convnet for recognition . th ←
→ disintegration and bayesian inversion , both abstractly and concretely ; the notions of disintegration and bayesian inversion are fundamental in conditional probability theory . they produce channels , as conditional probabilities , from a joint state , or from an already given channel ( in opposite direction ). these notions exist in the literature , in concrete situations , but are presented here in abstract graphical formulations . the resulting abstract descriptions are used for proving basic results in condition ←
→ disentangling motion , foreground and background features in videos ; this paper introduces an unsupervised framework to extract semantically rich features for video representation . inspired by how the human visual system groups objects based on motion cues , we propose a deep convolutional neural network that disentangles motion , foreground and background information . the proposed architecture consists of a 3d convolutional feature encoder for blocks of 16 frames , which is trained for reconstruction tasks ov ←
→ pamm : pose - aware multi - shot matching for improving person re - identification ; person re - identification is the problem of recognizing people across different images or videos with non - overlapping views . although there has been much progress in person re - identification over the last decade , it remains a challenging task because appearances of people can seem extremely different across diverse camera viewpoints and person poses . in this paper , we propose a novel framework for person re - identification by anal ←
→ parallel online learning ; in this work we study parallelization of online learning , a core primitive in machine learning . in a parallel environment all known approaches for parallel online learning lead to delayed updates , where the model is updated using out - of - date information . in the worst case , or when examples are temporally correlated , delay can have a very adverse effect on the learning algorithm . here , we analyze and present preliminary empirical results on a set of learning architectures based on ←
→ degenerate motions in multicamera cluster slam with non - overlapping fields of view ; an analysis of the relative motion and point feature model configurations leading to solution degeneracy is presented , for the case of a simultaneous localization and mapping system using multicamera clusters with non - overlapping fields - of - view . the slam optimization system seeks to minimize image space reprojection error and is formulated for a cluster containing any number of component cameras , observing any number of p ←
→ the representation of legal contracts ; the paper outlines ongoing research on logic - based tools for the analysis and representation of legal contracts of the kind frequently encountered in large - scale engineering projects and complex , long - term trading agreements . we consider both contract formation and contract performance , in each case identifying the representational issues and the prospects for providing automated support tools .←
→ proceedings of the ninth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 1993 ) ; this is the proceedings of the ninth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in washington , dc , july 9 - 11 , 1993 ←
→ bayesian joint topic modelling for weakly supervised object localisation ; we address the problem of localisation of objects as bounding boxes in images with weak labels . this weakly supervised object localisation problem has been tackled in the past using discriminative models where each object class is localised independently from other classes . we propose a novel framework based on bayesian joint topic modelling . our framework has three distinctive advantages over previous works : ( 1 ) all object classes a ←
→ the effect of color space selection on detectability and discriminability of colored objects ; in this paper , we investigate the effect of color space selection on detectability and discriminability of colored objects under various conditions . 20 color spaces from the literature are evaluated on a large dataset of simulated and real images . we measure the suitability of color spaces from two different perspectives : detectability and discriminability of various color groups . through experimental evaluation ←
→ unsupervised learning of morphological forests ; this paper focuses on unsupervised modeling of morphological families , collectively comprising a forest over the language vocabulary . this formulation enables us to capture edgewise properties reflecting single - step morphological derivations , along with global distributional properties of the entire forest . these global properties constrain the size of the affix set and encourage formation of tight morphological families . the resulting objective is solved usi ←
→ multi - modal trip hazard affordance detection on construction sites ; trip hazards are a significant contributor to accidents on construction and manufacturing sites , where over a third of australian workplace injuries occur [ 1 ]. current safety inspections are labour intensive and limited by human fallibility , making automation of trip hazard detection appealing from both a safety and economic perspective . trip hazards present an interesting challenge to modern learning techniques because they are defined as ←
→ forecasting method for grouped time series with the use of k - means algorithm ; the paper is focused on the forecasting method for time series groups with the use of algorithms for cluster analysis . $ k $- means algorithm is suggested to be a basic one for clustering . the coordinates of the centers of clusters have been put in correspondence with summarizing time series data the centroids of the clusters . a description of time series , the centroids of the clusters , is implemented with the use of forecasting m ←
→ the topological fusion of bayes nets ; bayes nets are relatively recent innovations . as a result , most of their theoretical development has focused on the simplest class of single - author models . the introduction of more sophisticated multiple - author settings raises a variety of interesting questions . one such question involves the nature of compromise and consensus . posterior compromises let each model process all data to arrive at an independent response , and then split the difference . prior compromises , o ←
→ variations of the turing test in the age of internet and virtual reality ; inspired by hofstadter ' s coffee - house conversation ( 1982 ) and by the science fiction short story sam by schattschneider ( 1988 ), we propose and discuss criteria for non - mechanical intelligence . firstly , we emphasize the practical need for such tests in view of massively multiuser online role - playing games ( mmorpgs ) and virtual reality systems like second life . secondly , we demonstrate second life as a useful framework for implementing ←
→ implementing evidential reasoning in expert systems ; the dempster - shafer theory has been extended recently for its application to expert systems . however , implementing the extended d - s reasoning model in rule - based systems greatly complicates the task of generating informative explanations . by implementing gertis , a prototype system for diagnosing rheumatoid arthritis , we show that two kinds of knowledge are essential for explanation generation : ( l ) taxonomic class relationships between hypotheses and ( 2 ) ←
→ a survey on application of machine learning techniques in optical networks ; today , the amount of data that can be retrieved from communications networks is extremely high and diverse ( e . g ., data regarding users behavior , traffic traces , network alarms , signal quality indicators , etc .). advanced mathematical tools are required to extract useful information from this large set of network data . in particular , machine learning ( ml ) is regarded as a promising methodological area to perform network - data analys ←
→ optimal hyperparameters for deep lstm - networks for sequence labeling tasks ; selecting optimal parameters for a neural network architecture can often make the difference between mediocre and state - of - the - art performance . however , little is published which parameters and design choices should be evaluated or selected making the correct hyperparameter optimization often a " black art that requires expert experiences " ( snoek et al ., 2012 ). in this paper , we evaluate the importance of different network design ←
→ safe and nested subgame solving for imperfect - information games ; in imperfect - information games , the optimal strategy in a subgame may depend on the strategy in other , unreached subgames . thus a subgame cannot be solved in isolation and must instead consider the strategy for the entire game as a whole , unlike perfect - information games . nevertheless , it is possible to first approximate a solution for the whole game and then improve it by solving individual subgames . this is referred to as subgame solving . w ←
→ improving high - pass fusion method using wavelets ; in an appropriate image fusion method , spatial information of the panchromatic image is injected into the multispectral images such that the spectral information is not distorted . the high - pass modulation method is a successful method in image fusion . however , the main drawback of this method is that this technique uses the boxcar filter to extract the high frequency information of the panchromatic image . using the boxcar filter introduces the ringing effec ←
→ cbr with commonsense reasoning and structure mapping : an application to mediation ; mediation is an important method in dispute resolution . we implement a case based reasoning approach to mediation integrating analogical and commonsense reasoning components that allow an artificial mediation agent to satisfy requirements expected from a human mediator , in particular : utilizing experience with cases in different domains ; and structurally transforming the set of issues for a better solution . we utilize a ca ←
→ a universal kernel for learning regular languages ; we give a universal kernel that renders all the regular languages linearly separable . we are not able to compute this kernel efficiently and conjecture that it is intractable , but we do have an efficient $\ eps $- approximation .←
→ mahalanonbis distance informed by clustering ; a fundamental question in data analysis , machine learning and signal processing is how to compare between data points . the choice of the distance metric is specifically challenging for high - dimensional data sets , where the problem of meaningfulness is more prominent ( e . g . the euclidean distance between images ). in this paper , we propose to exploit a property of high - dimensional data that is usually ignored - which is the structure stemming from the relationship ←
→ pedestrian alignment network for large - scale person re - identification ; person re - identification ( person re - id ) is mostly viewed as an image retrieval problem . this task aims to search a query person in a large image pool . in practice , person re - id usually adopts automatic detectors to obtain cropped pedestrian images . however , this process suffers from two types of detector errors : excessive background and part missing . both errors deteriorate the quality of pedestrian alignment and may compromise pedestri ←
→ automatically restructuring practice guidelines using the gem dtd ; this paper describes a system capable of semi - automatically filling an xml template from free texts in the clinical domain ( practice guidelines ). the xml template includes semantic information not explicitly encoded in the text ( pairs of conditions and actions / recommendations ). therefore , there is a need to compute the exact scope of conditions over text sequences expressing the required actions . we present a system developed for this task .←
→ channel equalization using multilayer perceptron networks ; in most digital communication systems , bandwidth limited channel along with multipath propagation causes isi ( inter symbol interference ) to occur . this phenomenon causes distortion of the given transmitted symbol due to other transmitted symbols . with the help of equalization isi can be reduced . this paper presents a solution to the isi problem by performing blind equalization using ann ( artificial neural networks ). the simulated network is a multi ←
→ minimization strategies for maximally parallel multiset rewriting systems ; maximally parallel multiset rewriting systems ( mpmrs ) give a convenient way to express relations between unstructured objects . the functioning of various computational devices may be expressed in terms of mpmrs ( e . g ., register machines and many variants of p systems ). in particular , this means that mpmrs are computationally complete ; however , a direct translation leads to quite a big number of rules . like for other classes of comp ←
→ face parsing via recurrent propagation ; face parsing is an important problem in computer vision that finds numerous applications including recognition and editing . recently , deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been applied to image parsing and segmentation with the state - of - the - art performance . in this paper , we propose a face parsing algorithm that combines hierarchical representations learned by a cnn , and accurate label propagations achieved by a spatially variant recurrent neural network ( rn ←
→ emotional filters : automatic image transformation for inducing affect ; current image transformation and recoloring algorithms try to introduce artistic effects in the photographed images , based on user input of target image ( s ) or selection of pre - designed filters . these manipulations , although intended to enhance the impact of an image on the viewer , do not include the option of image transformation by specifying the affect information . in this paper we present an automatic image - transformation method that ←
→ finding a posterior domain probability distribution by specifying nonspecific evidence ; this article is an extension of the results of two earlier articles . in [ j . schubert , on nonspecific evidence , int . j . intell . syst . 8 ( 1993 ) 711 - 725 ] we established within dempster - shafer theory a criterion function called the metaconflict function . with this criterion we can partition into subsets a set of several pieces of evidence with propositions that are weakly specified in the sense that it may be uncertain to ←
→ sentence - level grammatical error identification as sequence - to - sequence correction ; we demonstrate that an attention - based encoder - decoder model can be used for sentence - level grammatical error identification for the automated evaluation of scientific writing ( aesw ) shared task 2016 . the attention - based encoder - decoder models can be used for the generation of corrections , in addition to error identification , which is of interest for certain end - user applications . we show that a character - based encoder - de ←
→ large gaps imputation in remote sensed imagery of the environment ; imputation of missing data in large regions of satellite imagery is necessary when the acquired image has been damaged by shadows due to clouds , or information gaps produced by sensor failure . the general approach for imputation of missing data , that could not be considered missed at random , suggests the use of other available data . previous work , like local linear histogram matching , take advantage of a co - registered older image obtained ←
→ multi - view task - driven recognition in visual sensor networks ; nowadays , distributed smart cameras are deployed for a wide set of tasks in several application scenarios , ranging from object recognition , image retrieval , and forensic applications . due to limited bandwidth in distributed systems , efficient coding of local visual features has in fact been an active topic of research . in this paper , we propose a novel approach to obtain a compact representation of high - dimensional visual data using sensor fusio ←
→ scnet : learning semantic correspondence ; this paper addresses the problem of establishing semantic correspondences between images depicting different instances of the same object or scene category . previous approaches focus on either combining a spatial regularizer with hand - crafted features , or learning a correspondence model for appearance only . we propose instead a convolutional neural network architecture , called scnet , for learning a geometrically plausible model for semantic correspondence . scnet use ←
→ a framework for generalizing graph - based representation learning methods ; random walks are at the heart of many existing deep learning algorithms for graph data . however , such algorithms have many limitations that arise from the use of random walks , e . g ., the features resulting from these methods are unable to transfer to new nodes and graphs as they are tied to node identity . in this work , we introduce the notion of attributed random walks which serves as a basis for generalizing existing methods such as ←
→ scale - invariance of ruggedness measures in fractal fitness landscapes ; the paper deals with using chaos to direct trajectories to targets and analyzes ruggedness and fractality of the resulting fitness landscapes . the targeting problem is formulated as a dynamic fitness landscape and four different chaotic maps generating such a landscape are studied . by using a computational approach , we analyze properties of the landscapes and quantify their fractal and rugged characteristics . in particular , it is shown ←
→ target contrastive pessimistic risk for robust domain adaptation ; in domain adaptation , classifiers with information from a source domain adapt to generalize to a target domain . however , an adaptive classifier can perform worse than a non - adaptive classifier due to invalid assumptions , increased sensitivity to estimation errors or model misspecification . our goal is to develop a domain - adaptive classifier that is robust in the sense that it does not rely on restrictive assumptions on how the source and tar ←
→ product characterisation towards personalisation : learning attributes from unstructured data to recommend fashion products ; in this paper , we describe a solution to tackle a common set of challenges in e - commerce , which arise from the fact that new products are continually being added to the catalogue . the challenges involve properly personalising the customer experience , forecasting demand and planning the product range . we argue that the foundational piece to solve all of these problems is having consi ←
→ neural network - based active learning in multivariate calibration ; in chemometrics , data from infrared or near - infrared ( nir ) spectroscopy are often used to identify a compound or to analyze the composition of amaterial . this involves the calibration of models that predict the concentration ofmaterial constituents from the measured nir spectrum . an interesting aspect of multivariate calibration is to achieve a particular accuracy level with a minimum number of training samples , as this reduces the number of ←
→ learning to communicate with deep multi - agent reinforcement learning ; we consider the problem of multiple agents sensing and acting in environments with the goal of maximising their shared utility . in these environments , agents must learn communication protocols in order to share information that is needed to solve the tasks . by embracing deep neural networks , we are able to demonstrate end - to - end learning of protocols in complex environments inspired by communication riddles and multi - agent computer visio ←
→ an alternative to em for gaussian mixture models : batch and stochastic riemannian optimization ; we consider maximum likelihood estimation for gaussian mixture models ( gmms ). this task is almost invariably solved ( in theory and practice ) via the expectation maximization ( em ) algorithm . em owes its success to various factors , of which is its ability to fulfill positive definiteness constraints in closed form is of key importance . we propose an alternative to em by appealing to the rich riemannian geometry ←
→ approximating the bethe partition function ; when belief propagation ( bp ) converges , it does so to a stationary point of the bethe free energy $ f $, and is often strikingly accurate . however , it may converge only to a local optimum or may not converge at all . an algorithm was recently introduced for attractive binary pairwise mrfs which is guaranteed to return an $\ epsilon $- approximation to the global minimum of $ f $ in polynomial time provided the maximum degree $\ delta = o (\ log n )$, where $ n $ is the number of ←
→ massively multilingual neural grapheme - to - phoneme conversion ; grapheme - to - phoneme conversion ( g2p ) is necessary for text - to - speech and automatic speech recognition systems . most g2p systems are monolingual : they require language - specific data or handcrafting of rules . such systems are difficult to extend to low resource languages , for which data and handcrafted rules are not available . as an alternative , we present a neural sequence - to - sequence approach to g2p which is trained on spelling -- pronunciation pa ←
→ improving gibbs sampler scan quality with dogs ; the pairwise influence matrix of dobrushin has long been used as an analytical tool to bound the rate of convergence of gibbs sampling . in this work , we use dobrushin influence as the basis of a practical tool to certify and efficiently improve the quality of a discrete gibbs sampler . our dobrushin - optimized gibbs samplers ( dogs ) offer customized variable selection orders for a given sampling budget and variable subset of interest , explicit bounds on total va ←
→ a chinese pos decision method using korean translation information ; in this paper we propose a method that imitates a translation expert using the korean translation information and analyse the performance . korean is good at tagging than chinese , so we can use this property in chinese pos tagging .←
→ the intriguing properties of model explanations ; linear approximations to the decision boundary of a complex model have become one of the most popular tools for interpreting predictions . in this paper , we study such linear explanations produced either post - hoc by a few recent methods or generated along with predictions with contextual explanation networks ( cens ). we focus on two questions : ( i ) whether linear explanations are always consistent or can be misleading , and ( ii ) when integrated into the predicti ←
→ manifold optimization for gaussian mixture models ; we take a new look at parameter estimation for gaussian mixture models ( gmms ). in particular , we propose using \ emph { riemannian manifold optimization } as a powerful counterpart to expectation maximization ( em ). an out - of - the - box invocation of manifold optimization , however , fails spectacularly : it converges to the same solution but vastly slower . driven by intuition from manifold convexity , we then propose a reparamerization that has remarkable empirical c ←
→ an improved intelligent agent for mining real - time databases using modified cortical learning algorithms ; cortical learning algorithms based on the hierarchical temporal memory , htm have been developed by numenta incorporation from which variations and modifications are currently being investigated upon . htm offers better promises as a future computational model of the neocortex the seat of intelligence in the brain . currently , intelligent agents are embedded in almost every modern day electronic system ←
→ a summary of the kernel matrix , and how to learn it effectively using semidefinite programming ; kernel - based learning algorithms are widely used in machine learning for problems that make use of the similarity between object pairs . such algorithms first embed all data points into an alternative space , where the inner product between object pairs specifies their distance in the embedding space . applying kernel methods to partially labeled datasets is a classical challenge in this regard , requiring that th ←
→ partition mcmc for inference on acyclic digraphs ; acyclic digraphs are the underlying representation of bayesian networks , a widely used class of probabilistic graphical models . learning the underlying graph from data is a way of gaining insights about the structural properties of a domain . structure learning forms one of the inference challenges of statistical graphical models . mcmc methods , notably structure mcmc , to sample graphs from the posterior distribution given the data are probably the only via ←
→ preference completion from partial rankings ; we propose a novel and efficient algorithm for the collaborative preference completion problem , which involves jointly estimating individualized rankings for a set of entities over a shared set of items , based on a limited number of observed affinity values . our approach exploits the observation that while preferences are often recorded as numerical scores , the predictive quantity of interest is the underlying rankings . thus , attempts to closely match the record ←
→ propagators and solvers for the algebra of modular systems ; to appear in the proceedings of lpar 21 . solving complex problems can involve non - trivial combinations of distinct knowledge bases and problem solvers . the algebra of modular systems is a knowledge representation framework that provides a method for formally specifying such systems in purely semantic terms . formally , an expression of the algebra defines a class of structures . many expressive formalism used in practice solve the model expansion t ←
→ real - time halfway domain reconstruction of motion and geometry ; we present a novel approach for real - time joint reconstruction of 3d scene motion and geometry from binocular stereo videos . our approach is based on a novel variational halfway - domain scene flow formulation , which allows us to obtain highly accurate spatiotemporal reconstructions of shape and motion . we solve the underlying optimization problem at real - time frame rates using a novel data - parallel robust non - linear optimization strategy . fast ←
→ scoup - smt : scalable coupled sparse matrix - tensor factorization ; how can we correlate neural activity in the human brain as it responds to words , with behavioral data expressed as answers to questions about these same words ? in short , we want to find latent variables , that explain both the brain activity , as well as the behavioral responses . we show that this is an instance of the coupled matrix - tensor factorization ( cmtf ) problem . we propose scoup - smt , a novel , fast , and parallel algorithm that solves the ←
→ the cognitive roots of regularization in language ; regularization occurs when the output a learner produces is less variable than the linguistic data they observed . in an artificial language learning experiment , we show that there exist at least two independent sources of regularization bias in cognition : a domain - general source based on cognitive load and a domain - specific source triggered by linguistic stimuli . both of these factors modulate how frequency information is encoded and produced , but only the ←
→ a study on topological descriptors for the analysis of 3d surface texture ; methods from computational topology are becoming more and more popular in computer vision and have shown to improve the state - of - the - art in several tasks . in this paper , we investigate the applicability of topological descriptors in the context of 3d surface analysis for the classification of different surface textures . we present a comprehensive study on topological descriptors , investigate their robustness and expressiveness and ←
→ learning graphical model parameters with approximate marginal inference ; likelihood based - learning of graphical models faces challenges of computational - complexity and robustness to model mis - specification . this paper studies methods that fit parameters directly to maximize a measure of the accuracy of predicted marginals , taking into account both model and inference approximations at training time . experiments on imaging problems suggest marginalization - based learning performs better than likelihood - based ←
→ mesh - to - raster based non - rigid registration of multi - modal images ; region of interest ( roi ) alignment in medical images plays a crucial role in diagnostics , procedure planning , treatment , and follow - up . frequently , a model is represented as triangulated mesh while the patient data is provided from cat scanners as pixel or voxel data . previously , we presented a 2d method for curve - to - pixel registration . this paper contributes ( i ) a general mesh - to - raster ( m2r ) framework to register rois in multi - modal image ←
→ a new fuzzy stacked generalization technique and analysis of its performance ; in this study , a new stacked generalization technique called fuzzy stacked generalization ( fsg ) is proposed to minimize the difference between n - sample and large - sample classification error of the nearest neighbor classifier . the proposed fsg employs a new hierarchical distance learning strategy to minimize the error difference . for this purpose , we first construct an ensemble of base - layer fuzzy k - nearest neighbor ( k - nn ) cla ←
→ the representer theorem for hilbert spaces : a necessary and sufficient condition ; a family of regularization functionals is said to admit a linear representer theorem if every member of the family admits minimizers that lie in a fixed finite dimensional subspace . a recent characterization states that a general class of regularization functionals with differentiable regularizer admits a linear representer theorem if and only if the regularization term is a non - decreasing function of the norm . in this repo ←
→ professor forcing : a new algorithm for training recurrent networks ; the teacher forcing algorithm trains recurrent networks by supplying observed sequence values as inputs during training and using the network ' s own one - step - ahead predictions to do multi - step sampling . we introduce the professor forcing algorithm , which uses adversarial domain adaptation to encourage the dynamics of the recurrent network to be the same when training the network and when sampling from the network over multiple time steps . w ←
→ perspectives for strong artificial life ; this text introduces the twin deadlocks of strong artificial life . conceptualization of life is a deadlock both because of the existence of a continuum between the inert and the living , and because we only know one instance of life . computationalism is a second deadlock since it remains a matter of faith . nevertheless , artificial life realizations quickly progress and recent constructions embed an always growing set of the intuitive properties of life . this growing ←
→ using local optimality criteria for efficient information retrieval with redundant information filters ; we consider information retrieval when the data , for instance multimedia , is coputationally expensive to fetch . our approach uses " information filters " to considerably narrow the universe of possiblities before retrieval . we are especially interested in redundant information filters that save time over more general but more costly filters . efficient retrieval requires that decision must be made about t ←
→ natural - parameter networks : a class of probabilistic neural networks ; neural networks ( nn ) have achieved state - of - the - art performance in various applications . unfortunately in applications where training data is insufficient , they are often prone to overfitting . one effective way to alleviate this problem is to exploit the bayesian approach by using bayesian neural networks ( bnn ). another shortcoming of nn is the lack of flexibility to customize different distributions for the weights and neurons according ←
→ improving shadow suppression for illumination robust face recognition ; 2d face analysis techniques , such as face landmarking , face recognition and face verification , are reasonably dependent on illumination conditions which are usually uncontrolled and unpredictable in the real world . an illumination robust preprocessing method thus remains a significant challenge in reliable face analysis . in this paper we propose a novel approach for improving lighting normalization through building the underlying reflec ←
→ two - stream convolutional neural network for accurate rgb - d fingertip detection using depth and edge information ; accurate detection of fingertips in depth image is critical for human - computer interaction . in this paper , we present a novel two - stream convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for rgb - d fingertip detection . firstly edge image is extracted from raw depth image using random forest . then the edge information is combined with depth information in our cnn structure . we study several fusion approaches a ←
→ expecting the unexpected : training detectors for unusual pedestrians with adversarial imposters ; as autonomous vehicles become an every - day reality , high - accuracy pedestrian detection is of paramount practical importance . pedestrian detection is a highly researched topic with mature methods , but most datasets focus on common scenes of people engaged in typical walking poses on sidewalks . but performance is most crucial for dangerous scenarios , such as children playing in the street or people using bicycl ←
→ a graph traversal based approach to answer non - aggregation questions over dbpedia ; we present a question answering system over dbpedia , filling the gap between user information needs expressed in natural language and a structured query interface expressed in sparql over the underlying knowledge base ( kb ). given the kb , our goal is to comprehend a natural language query and provide corresponding accurate answers . focusing on solving the non - aggregation questions , in this paper , we construct a subgraph of ←
→ maximally correlated principal component analysis ; in the era of big data , reducing data dimensionality is critical in many areas of science . widely used principal component analysis ( pca ) addresses this problem by computing a low dimensional data embedding that maximally explain variance of the data . however , pca has two major weaknesses . firstly , it only considers linear correlations among variables ( features ), and secondly it is not suitable for categorical data . we resolve these issues by proposing max ←
→ quantitative results comparing three intelligent interfaces for information capture : a case study adding name information into an electronic personal organizer ; efficiently entering information into a computer is key to enjoying the benefits of computing . this paper describes three intelligent user interfaces : handwriting recognition , adaptive menus , and predictive fillin . in the context of adding a personus name and address to an electronic organizer , tests show handwriting recognition is slower than ←
→ big batch sgd : automated inference using adaptive batch sizes ; classical stochastic gradient methods for optimization rely on noisy gradient approximations that become progressively less accurate as iterates approach a solution . the large noise and small signal in the resulting gradients makes it difficult to use them for adaptive stepsize selection and automatic stopping . we propose alternative " big batch " sgd schemes that adaptively grow the batch size over time to maintain a nearly constant signal - to - no ←
→ pylemmings : large margin multiple instance classification and ranking for bioinformatics applications ; motivation : a major challenge in the development of machine learning based methods in computational biology is that data may not be accurately labeled due to the time and resources required for experimentally annotating properties of proteins and dna sequences . standard supervised learning algorithms assume accurate instance - level labeling of training data . multiple instance learning is a paradigm for h ←
→ similarity function tracking using pairwise comparisons ; recent work in distance metric learning has focused on learning transformations of data that best align with specified pairwise similarity and dissimilarity constraints , often supplied by a human observer . the learned transformations lead to improved retrieval , classification , and clustering algorithms due to the better adapted distance or similarity measures . here , we address the problem of learning these transformations when the underlying constrai ←
→ deepigeos : a deep interactive geodesic framework for medical image segmentation ; accurate medical image segmentation is essential for diagnosis , surgical planning and many other applications . convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have become the state - of - the - art automatic segmentation methods . however , fully automatic results may still need to be refined to become accurate and robust enough for clinical use . we propose a deep learning - based interactive segmentation method to improve the results obtained b ←
→ is generator conditioning causally related to gan performance ? ; recent work ( pennington et al , 2017 ) suggests that controlling the entire distribution of jacobian singular values is an important design consideration in deep learning . motivated by this , we study the distribution of singular values of the jacobian of the generator in generative adversarial networks ( gans ). we find that this jacobian generally becomes ill - conditioned at the beginning of training . moreover , we find that the average ( with z fro ←
→ variational models for joint subsampling and reconstruction of turbulence - degraded images ; turbulence - degraded image frames are distorted by both turbulent deformations and space - time - varying blurs . to suppress these effects , we propose a multi - frame reconstruction scheme to recover a latent image from the observed image sequence . recent approaches are commonly based on registering each frame to a reference image , by which geometric turbulent deformations can be estimated and a sharp image can be restore ←
→ occlusion - aware object localization , segmentation and pose estimation ; we present a learning approach for localization and segmentation of objects in an image in a manner that is robust to partial occlusion . our algorithm produces a bounding box around the full extent of the object and labels pixels in the interior that belong to the object . like existing segmentation aware detection approaches , we learn an appearance model of the object and consider regions that do not fit this model as potential occlusio ←
→ recurrent neural networks for dialogue state tracking ; this paper discusses models for dialogue state tracking using recurrent neural networks ( rnn ). we present experiments on the standard dialogue state tracking ( dst ) dataset , dstc2 . on the one hand , rnn models became the state of the art models in dst , on the other hand , most state - of - the - art models are only turn - based and require dataset - specific preprocessing ( e . g . dstc2 - specific ) in order to achieve such results . we implemented two architectures which ←
→ 3d visual tracking with particle and kalman filters ; one of the most visually demonstrable and straightforward uses of filtering is in the field of computer vision . in this document we will try to outline the issues encountered while designing and implementing a particle and kalman filter based tracking system .←
→ graph transformation planning via abstraction ; modern software systems increasingly incorporate self -* behavior to adapt to changes in the environment at runtime . such adaptations often involve reconfiguring the software architecture of the system . many systems also need to manage their architecture themselves , i . e ., they need a planning component to autonomously decide which reconfigurations to execute to reach a desired target configuration . for the specification of reconfigurations , we employ graph tran ←
→ design & development of the graphical user interface for sindhi language ; this paper describes the design and implementation of a unicode - based guisl ( graphical user interface for sindhi language ). the idea is to provide a software platform to the people of sindh as well as sindhi diasporas living across the globe to make use of computing for basic tasks such as editing , composition , formatting , and printing of documents in sindhi by using guisl . the implementation of the guisl has been done in the java te ←
→ coordination annotation extension in the penn tree bank ; coordination is an important and common syntactic construction which is not handled well by state of the art parsers . coordinations in the penn treebank are missing internal structure in many cases , do not include explicit marking of the conjuncts and contain various errors and inconsistencies . in this work , we initiated manual annotation process for solving these issues . we identify the different elements in a coordination phrase and label each elem ←
→ learning multiple tasks with multilinear relationship networks ; deep networks trained on large - scale data can learn transferable features to promote learning multiple tasks . since deep features eventually transition from general to specific along deep networks , a fundamental problem of multi - task learning is how to exploit the task relatedness underlying parameter tensors and improve feature transferability in the multiple task - specific layers . this paper presents multilinear relationship networks ( mrn ) th ←
→ rank subspace learning for compact hash codes ; the era of big data has spawned unprecedented interests in developing hashing algorithms for efficient storage and fast nearest neighbor search . most existing work learn hash functions that are numeric quantizations of feature values in projected feature space . in this work , we propose a novel hash learning framework that encodes feature ' s rank orders instead of numeric values in a number of optimal low - dimensional ranking subspaces . we formulate the ranking s ←
→ relation - algebraic and tool - supported control of condorcet voting ; we present a relation - algebraic model of condorcet voting and , based on it , relation - algebraic solutions of the constructive control problem via the removal of voters . we consider two winning conditions , viz . to be a condorcet winner and to be in the ( gilles resp . upward ) uncovered set . for the first condition the control problem is known to be np - hard ; for the second condition the np - hardness of the control problem is shown in the paper .←
→ frank - wolfe bayesian quadrature : probabilistic integration with theoretical guarantees ; there is renewed interest in formulating integration as an inference problem , motivated by obtaining a full distribution over numerical error that can be propagated through subsequent computation . current methods , such as bayesian quadrature , demonstrate impressive empirical performance but lack theoretical analysis . an important challenge is to reconcile these probabilistic integrators with rigorous convergence guara ←
→ physics informed deep learning ( part i ): data - driven solutions of nonlinear partial differential equations ; we introduce physics informed neural networks -- neural networks that are trained to solve supervised learning tasks while respecting any given law of physics described by general nonlinear partial differential equations . in this two part treatise , we present our developments in the context of solving two main classes of problems : data - driven solution and data - driven discovery of partial differenti ←
→ curve - structure segmentation from depth maps : a cnn - based approach and its application to exploring cultural heritage objects ; motivated by the important archaeological application of exploring cultural heritage objects , in this paper we study the challenging problem of automatically segmenting curve structures that are very weakly stamped or carved on an object surface in the form of a highly noisy depth map . different from most classical low - level image segmentation methods that are known to be very se ←
→ binary classification from positive - confidence data ; reducing labeling costs in supervised learning is a critical issue in many practical machine learning applications . in this paper , we consider positive - confidence ( pconf ) classification , the problem of training a binary classifier only from positive data equipped with confidence . pconf classification can be regarded as a discriminative extension of one - class classification ( which is aimed at " describing " the positive class by clustering - related methods ),←
→ an iterative closest points approach to neural generative models ; we present a simple way to learn a transformation that maps samples of one distribution to the samples of another distribution . our algorithm comprises an iteration of 1 ) drawing samples from some simple distribution and transforming them using a neural network , 2 ) determining pairwise correspondences between the transformed samples and training data ( or a minibatch ), and 3 ) optimizing the weights of the neural network being trained to minim ←
→ wesd - weighted spectral distance for measuring shape dissimilarity ; this article presents a new distance for measuring shape dissimilarity between objects . recent publications introduced the use of eigenvalues of the laplace operator as compact shape descriptors . here , we revisit the eigenvalues to define a proper distance , called weighted spectral distance ( wesd ), for quantifying shape dissimilarity . the definition of wesd is derived through analysing the heat - trace . this analysis provides the proposed d ←
→ co - channel interference cancellation for space - time coded ofdm systems using adaptive beamforming and null deepening ; combined with space - time coding , the orthogonal frequency division multiplexing ( ofdm ) system explores space diversity . it is a potential scheme to offer spectral efficiency and robust high data rate transmissions over frequency - selective fading channel . however , space - time coding impairs the system ability to suppress interferences as the signals transmitted from two transmit antennas ar ←
→ inductive representation learning on large graphs ; low - dimensional embeddings of nodes in large graphs have proved extremely useful in a variety of prediction tasks , from content recommendation to identifying protein functions . however , most existing approaches require that all nodes in the graph are present during training of the embeddings ; these previous approaches are inherently transductive and do not naturally generalize to unseen nodes . here we present graphsage , a general , inductive framework that ←
→ a - nice - mc : adversarial training for mcmc ; existing markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) methods are either based on general - purpose and domain - agnostic schemes which can lead to slow convergence , or hand - crafting of problem - specific proposals by an expert . we propose a - nice - mc , a novel method to train flexible parametric markov chain kernels to produce samples with desired properties . first , we propose an efficient likelihood - free adversarial training method to train a markov chain and mimic a given data distri ←
→ compositional approaches for representing relations between words : a comparative study ; identifying the relations that exist between words ( or entities ) is important for various natural language processing tasks such as , relational search , noun - modifier classification and analogy detection . a popular approach to represent the relations between a pair of words is to extract the patterns in which the words co - occur with from a corpus , and assign each word - pair a vector of pattern frequencies . despite the s ←
→ image - to - image translation with conditional adversarial networks ; we investigate conditional adversarial networks as a general - purpose solution to image - to - image translation problems . these networks not only learn the mapping from input image to output image , but also learn a loss function to train this mapping . this makes it possible to apply the same generic approach to problems that traditionally would require very different loss formulations . we demonstrate that this approach is effective at synthesizi ←
→ word representation or word embedding in persian text ; text processing is one of the sub - branches of natural language processing . recently , the use of machine learning and neural networks methods has been given greater consideration . for this reason , the representation of words has become very important . this article is about word representation or converting words into vectors in persian text . in this research glove , cbow and skip - gram methods are updated to produce embedded vectors for persian words . in ←
→ tag - weighted topic model for large - scale semi - structured documents ; to date , there have been massive semi - structured documents ( ssds ) during the evolution of the internet . these ssds contain both unstructured features ( e . g ., plain text ) and metadata ( e . g ., tags ). most previous works focused on modeling the unstructured text , and recently , some other methods have been proposed to model the unstructured text with specific tags . to build a general model for ssds remains an important problem in terms of both m ←
→ multi - output artificial neural network for storm surge prediction in north carolina ; during hurricane seasons , emergency managers and other decision makers need accurate and ` on - time ' information on potential storm surge impacts . fully dynamical computer models , such as the adcirc tide , storm surge , and wind - wave model take several hours to complete a forecast when configured at high spatial resolution . additionally , statically meaningful ensembles of high - resolution models ( needed for uncertainty estima ←
→ compressive deconvolution in medical ultrasound imaging ; the interest of compressive sampling in ultrasound imaging has been recently extensively evaluated by several research teams . following the different application setups , it has been shown that the rf data may be reconstructed from a small number of measurements and / or using a reduced number of ultrasound pulse emissions . nevertheless , rf image spatial resolution , contrast and signal to noise ratio are affected by the limited bandwidth of the imaging ←
→ compressive acquisition of dynamic scenes ; compressive sensing ( cs ) is a new approach for the acquisition and recovery of sparse signals and images that enables sampling rates significantly below the classical nyquist rate . despite significant progress in the theory and methods of cs , little headway has been made in compressive video acquisition and recovery . video cs is complicated by the ephemeral nature of dynamic events , which makes direct extensions of standard cs imaging architectures and signal mode ←
→ anytime hierarchical clustering ; we propose a new anytime hierarchical clustering method that iteratively transforms an arbitrary initial hierarchy on the configuration of measurements along a sequence of trees we prove for a fixed data set must terminate in a chain of nested partitions that satisfies a natural homogeneity requirement . each recursive step re - edits the tree so as to improve a local measure of cluster homogeneity that is compatible with a number of commonly used ( e . g ., single , average , compl ←
→ camera motion estimation through planar deformation determination ; in this paper , we propose a global method for estimating the motion of a camera which films a static scene . our approach is direct , fast and robust , and deals with adjacent frames of a sequence . it is based on a quadratic approximation of the deformation between two images , in the case of a scene with constant depth in the camera coordinate system . this condition is very restrictive but we show that provided translation and depth inverse va ←
→ fast label embeddings via randomized linear algebra ; many modern multiclass and multilabel problems are characterized by increasingly large output spaces . for these problems , label embeddings have been shown to be a useful primitive that can improve computational and statistical efficiency . in this work we utilize a correspondence between rank constrained estimation and low dimensional label embeddings that uncovers a fast label embedding algorithm which works in both the multiclass and multilabel settings ←
→ unsupervised terminological ontology learning based on hierarchical topic modeling ; in this paper , we present hierarchical relationbased latent dirichlet allocation ( hrlda ), a data - driven hierarchical topic model for extracting terminological ontologies from a large number of heterogeneous documents . in contrast to traditional topic models , hrlda relies on noun phrases instead of unigrams , considers syntax and document structures , and enriches topic hierarchies with topic relations . through a series of e ←
→ evolving non - linear stacking ensembles for prediction of go player attributes ; the paper presents an application of non - linear stacking ensembles for prediction of go player attributes . an evolutionary algorithm is used to form a diverse ensemble of base learners , which are then aggregated by a stacking ensemble . this methodology allows for an efficient prediction of different attributes of go players from sets of their games . these attributes can be fairly general , in this work , we used the strength and ←
→ manipulation is harder with incomplete votes ; the coalitional manipulation ( cm ) problem has been studied extensively in the literature for many voting rules . the cm problem , however , has been studied only in the complete information setting , that is , when the manipulators know the votes of the non - manipulators . a more realistic scenario is an incomplete information setting where the manipulators do not know the exact votes of the non - manipulators but may have some partial knowledge of the votes . in this p ←
→ simultaneous super - resolution and cross - modality synthesis of 3d medical images using weakly - supervised joint convolutional sparse coding ; magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) offers high - resolution \ emph { in vivo } imaging and rich functional and anatomical multimodality tissue contrast . in practice , however , there are challenges associated with considerations of scanning costs , patient comfort , and scanning time that constrain how much data can be acquired in clinical or research studies . in this paper , we e ←
→ a game - theoretic analysis of updating sets of probabilities ; we consider how an agent should update her uncertainty when it is represented by a set p of probability distributions and the agent observes that a random variable x takes on value x , given that the agent makes decisions using the minimax criterion , perhaps the best - studied and most commonly - used criterion in the literature . we adopt a game - theoretic framework , where the agent plays against a bookie , who chooses some distribution from p . we consi ←
→ rdf annotation of second life objects : knowledge representation meets social virtual reality ; we have designed and implemented an application running inside second life that supports user annotation of graphical objects and graphical visualization of concept ontologies , thus providing a formal , machine - accessible description of objects . as a result , we offer a platform that combines the graphical knowledge representation that is expected from a muve artifact with the semantic structure given by the resou ←
→ overcoming hierarchical difficulty by hill - climbing the building block structure ; the building block hypothesis suggests that genetic algorithms ( gas ) are well - suited for hierarchical problems , where efficient solving requires proper problem decomposition and assembly of solution from sub - solution with strong non - linear interdependencies . the paper proposes a hill - climber operating over the building block ( bb ) space that can efficiently address hierarchical problems . the new building block hill - climber (←
→ offline a / b testing for recommender systems ; before a / b testing online a new version of a recommender system , it is usual to perform some offline evaluations on historical data . we focus on evaluation methods that compute an estimator of the potential uplift in revenue that could generate this new technology . it helps to iterate faster and to avoid losing money by detecting poor policies . these estimators are known as counterfactual or off - policy estimators . we show that traditional counterfactual estimato ←
→ computationally efficient cardiac views projection using 3d convolutional neural networks ; 4d flow is an mri sequence which allows acquisition of 3d images of the heart . the data is typically acquired volumetrically , so it must be reformatted to generate cardiac long axis and short axis views for diagnostic interpretation . these views may be generated by placing 6 landmarks : the left and right ventricle apex , and the aortic , mitral , pulmonary , and tricuspid valves . in this paper , we propose an automatic ←
→ rotation averaging and strong duality ; in this paper we explore the role of duality principles within the problem of rotation averaging , a fundamental task in a wide range of computer vision applications . in its conventional form , rotation averaging is stated as a minimization over multiple rotation constraints . as these constraints are non - convex , this problem is generally considered challenging to solve globally . we show how to circumvent this difficulty through the use of lagrangian duality . while such ←
→ high - resolution breast cancer screening with multi - view deep convolutional neural networks ; recent advances in deep learning for natural images has prompted a surge of interest in applying similar techniques to medical images . most of the initial attempts focused on replacing the input of a deep convolutional neural network with a medical image , which does not take into consideration the fundamental differences between these two types of images . specifically , fine details are necessary for detection in m ←
→ exact reasoning under uncertainty ; this paper focuses on designing expert systems to support decision making in complex , uncertain environments . in this context , our research indicates that strictly probabilistic representations , which enable the use of decision - theoretic reasoning , are highly preferable to recently proposed alternatives ( e . g ., fuzzy set theory and dempster - shafer theory ). furthermore , we discuss the language of influence diagrams and a corresponding methodology - decision analysis -- that ←
→ translating np - spec into asp ; np - spec is a language for specifying problems in np in a declarative way . despite the fact that the semantics of the language was given by referring to datalog with circumscription , which is very close to asp , so far the only existing implementations are by means of eclipse prolog and via boolean satisfiability solvers . in this paper , we present translations from np - spec into various forms of asp and analyze them . we also argue that it might be useful to incorporate certain la ←
→ exploiting web images for weakly supervised object detection ; in recent years , the performance of object detection has advanced significantly with the evolving deep convolutional neural networks . however , the state - of - the - art object detection methods still rely on accurate bounding box annotations that require extensive human labelling . object detection without bounding box annotations , i . e , weakly supervised detection methods , are still lagging far behind . as weakly supervised detection only uses image le ←
→ building an interpretable fuzzy rule base from data using orthogonal least squares application to a depollution problem ; in many fields where human understanding plays a crucial role , such as bioprocesses , the capacity of extracting knowledge from data is of critical importance . within this framework , fuzzy learning methods , if properly used , can greatly help human experts . amongst these methods , the aim of orthogonal transformations , which have been proven to be mathematically robust , is to build rules ←
→ matrix tile analysis ; many tasks require finding groups of elements in a matrix of numbers , symbols or class likelihoods . one approach is to use efficient bi - or tri - linear factorization techniques including pca , ica , sparse matrix factorization and plaid analysis . these techniques are not appropriate when addition and multiplication of matrix elements are not sensibly defined . more directly , methods like bi - clustering can be used to classify matrix elements , but these methods make the overly - restrictive a ←
→ deep video gesture recognition using illumination invariants ; in this paper we present architectures based on deep neural nets for gesture recognition in videos , which are invariant to local scaling . we amalgamate autoencoder and predictor architectures using an adaptive weighting scheme coping with a reduced size labeled dataset , while enriching our models from enormous unlabeled sets . we further improve robustness to lighting conditions by introducing a new adaptive filer based on temporal local scale no ←
→ deep image harmonization ; compositing is one of the most common operations in photo editing . to generate realistic composites , the appearances of foreground and background need to be adjusted to make them compatible . previous approaches to harmonize composites have focused on learning statistical relationships between hand - crafted appearance features of the foreground and background , which is unreliable especially when the contents in the two layers are vastly different . in this work , we propose an end - to -←
→ a consistent clustering - based approach to estimating the number of change - points in highly dependent time - series ; the problem of change - point estimation is considered under a general framework where the data are generated by unknown stationary ergodic process distributions . in this context , the consistent estimation of the number of change - points is provably impossible . however , it is shown that a consistent clustering method may be used to estimate the number of change points , under the additional const ←
→ bidirectional multirate reconstruction for temporal modeling in videos ; despite the recent success of neural networks in image feature learning , a major problem in the video domain is the lack of sufficient labeled data for learning to model temporal information . in this paper , we propose an unsupervised temporal modeling method that learns from untrimmed videos . the speed of motion varies constantly , e . g ., a man may run quickly or slowly . we therefore train a multirate visual recurrent model ( mvrm ) by enc ←
→ learning from logged implicit exploration data ; we provide a sound and consistent foundation for the use of \ emph { nonrandom } exploration data in " contextual bandit " or " partially labeled " settings where only the value of a chosen action is learned . the primary challenge in a variety of settings is that the exploration policy , in which " offline " data is logged , is not explicitly known . prior solutions here require either control of the actions during the learning process , recorded random exploration , or a ←
→ predicting the relative difficulty of single sentences with and without surrounding context ; the problem of accurately predicting relative reading difficulty across a set of sentences arises in a number of important natural language applications , such as finding and curating effective usage examples for intelligent language tutoring systems . yet while significant research has explored document - and passage - level reading difficulty , the special challenges involved in assessing aspects of readability for s ←
→ classification with ultrahigh - dimensional features ; although much progress has been made in classification with high - dimensional features \ citep { fan_fan : 2008 , jguo : 2010 , caisun : 2014 , prxu : 2014 }, classification with ultrahigh - dimensional features , wherein the features much outnumber the sample size , defies most existing work . this paper introduces a novel and computationally feasible multivariate screening and classification method for ultrahigh - dimensional data . leveraging inter - feature correlations , the p ←
→ statistical efficiency of curve fitting algorithms ; we study the problem of fitting parametrized curves to noisy data . under certain assumptions ( known as cartesian and radial functional models ), we derive asymptotic expressions for the bias and the covariance matrix of the parameter estimates . we also extend kanatani ' s version of the cramer - rao lower bound , which he proved for unbiased estimates only , to more general estimates that include many popular algorithms ( most notably , the orthogonal least square ←
→ reconstruction of sequential data with density models ; we introduce the problem of reconstructing a sequence of multidimensional real vectors where some of the data are missing . this problem contains regression and mapping inversion as particular cases where the pattern of missing data is independent of the sequence index . the problem is hard because it involves possibly multivalued mappings at each vector in the sequence , where the missing variables can take more than one value given the present variables ←
→ multimodal attribute extraction ; the broad goal of information extraction is to derive structured information from unstructured data . however , most existing methods focus solely on text , ignoring other types of unstructured data such as images , video and audio which comprise an increasing portion of the information on the web . to address this shortcoming , we propose the task of multimodal attribute extraction . given a collection of unstructured and semi - structured contextual information about an entity ( su ←
→ automatic response assessment in regions of language cortex in epilepsy patients using ecog - based functional mapping and machine learning ; accurate localization of brain regions responsible for language and cognitive functions in epilepsy patients should be carefully determined prior to surgery . electrocorticography ( ecog )- based real time functional mapping ( rtfm ) has been shown to be a safer alternative to the electrical cortical stimulation mapping ( esm ), which is currently the clinical / gold standard . ←
→ learning a complete image indexing pipeline ; to work at scale , a complete image indexing system comprises two components : an inverted file index to restrict the actual search to only a subset that should contain most of the items relevant to the query ; an approximate distance computation mechanism to rapidly scan these lists . while supervised deep learning has recently enabled improvements to the latter , the former continues to be based on unsupervised clustering in the literature . in this work , we propose ←
→ visible light - based human visual system conceptual model ; there is a widely held belief in the digital image and video processing community , which is as follows : the human visual system ( hvs ) is more sensitive to luminance ( often confused with brightness ) than photon energies ( often confused with chromaticity and chrominance ). passages similar to the following occur with high frequency in the peer reviewed literature and academic text books : " the hvs is much more sensitive to brightness than colour " or " th ←
→ bidirectional tree - structured lstm with head lexicalization ; sequential lstm has been extended to model tree structures , giving competitive results for a number of tasks . existing methods model constituent trees by bottom - up combinations of constituent nodes , making direct use of input word information only for leaf nodes . this is different from sequential lstms , which contain reference to input words for each node . in this paper , we propose a method for automatic head - lexicalization for tree - structure lst ←
→ multiple instance hybrid estimator for learning target signatures ; signature - based detectors for hyperspectral target detection rely on knowing the specific target signature in advance . however , target signature are often difficult or impossible to obtain . furthermore , common methods for obtaining target signatures , such as from laboratory measurements or manual selection from an image scene , usually do not capture the discriminative features of target class . in this paper , an approach for estimating a dis ←
→ capacity limitations of visual search in deep convolutional neural network ; deep convolutional neural networks follow roughly the architecture of biological visual systems , and have shown a performance comparable to human observers in object recognition tasks . in this study , i test a pre - trained deep neural network in some classic visual search tasks . the results reveal a qualitative difference from human performance . it appears that there is no difference between searches for simple features that pop ou ←
→ learn to model motion from blurry footages ; it is difficult to recover the motion field from a real - world footage given a mixture of camera shake and other photometric effects . in this paper we propose a hybrid framework by interleaving a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) and a traditional optical flow energy . we first conduct a cnn architecture using a novel learnable directional filtering layer . such layer encodes the angle and distance similarity matrix between blur and camera motion , which is able to ←
→ an admm algorithm for solving a proximal bound - constrained quadratic program ; we consider a proximal operator given by a quadratic function subject to bound constraints and give an optimization algorithm using the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ). the algorithm is particularly efficient to solve a collection of proximal operators that share the same quadratic form , or if the quadratic program is the relaxation of a binary quadratic problem .←
→ set - theoretic completeness for epistemic and conditional logic ; the standard approach to logic in the literature in philosophy and mathematics , which has also been adopted in computer science , is to define a language ( the syntax ), an appropriate class of models together with an interpretation of formulas in the language ( the semantics ), a collection of axioms and rules of inference characterizing reasoning ( the proof theory ), and then relate the proof theory to the semantics via soundness and completeness ←
→ a non parametric study of the volatility of the economy as a country risk predictor ; this paper intends to explain venezuela ' s country spread behavior through the neural networks analysis of a monthly economic activity general index of economic indicators constructed by the central bank of venezuela , a measure of the shocks affecting country risk of emerging markets and the u . s . short term interest rate . the use of non parametric methods allowed the finding of non linear relationship between these inputs ←
→ evolution of voronoi based fuzzy recurrent controllers ; a fuzzy controller is usually designed by formulating the knowledge of a human expert into a set of linguistic variables and fuzzy rules . among the most successful methods to automate the fuzzy controllers development process are evolutionary algorithms . in this work , we propose the recurrent fuzzy voronoi ( rfv ) model , a representation for recurrent fuzzy systems . it is an extension of the fv model proposed by kavka and schoenauer that extends the app ←
→ kinects and human kinetics : a new approach for studying crowd behavior ; modeling crowd behavior relies on accurate data of pedestrian movements at a high level of detail . imaging sensors such as cameras provide a good basis for capturing such detailed pedestrian motion data . however , currently available computer vision technologies , when applied to conventional video footage , still cannot automatically unveil accurate motions of groups of people or crowds from the image sequences . we present a novel data c ←
→ a fast keypoint based hybrid method for copy move forgery detection ; copy move forgery detection in digital images has become a very popular research topic in the area of image forensics . due to the availability of sophisticated image editing tools and ever increasing hardware capabilities , it has become an easy task to manipulate the digital images . passive forgery detection techniques are more relevant as they can be applied without the prior information about the image in question . block based technique ←
→ breaking generator symmetry ; dealing with large numbers of symmetries is often problematic . one solution is to focus on just symmetries that generate the symmetry group . whilst there are special cases where breaking just the symmetries in a generating set is complete , there are also cases where no irredundant generating set eliminates all symmetry . however , focusing on just generators improves tractability . we prove that it is polynomial in the size of the generating set to eliminate all symmetric solution ←
→ adversarial - playground : a visualization suite for adversarial sample generation ; with growing interest in adversarial machine learning , it is important for machine learning practitioners and users to understand how their models may be attacked . we propose a web - based visualization tool , adversarial - playground , to demonstrate the efficacy of common adversarial methods against a deep neural network ( dnn ) model , built on top of the tensorflow library . adversarial - playground provides users an efficient and e ←
→ multispectral compressive imaging strategies using fabry - pérot filtered sensors ; this paper introduces two acquisition device architectures for multispectral compressive imaging . unlike most existing methods , the proposed computational imaging techniques do not include any dispersive element , as they use a dedicated sensor which integrates narrowband fabry - p \' erot spectral filters at the pixel level . the first scheme leverages joint inpainting and super - resolution to fill in those voxels that are missing ←
→ automated news suggestions for populating wikipedia entity pages ; wikipedia entity pages are a valuable source of information for direct consumption and for knowledge - base construction , update and maintenance . facts in these entity pages are typically supported by references . recent studies show that as much as 20 \% of the references are from online news sources . however , many entity pages are incomplete even if relevant information is already available in existing news articles . even for the already prese ←
→ feature learning for interaction activity recognition in rgbd videos ; this paper proposes a human activity recognition method which is based on features learned from 3d video data without incorporating domain knowledge . the experiments on data collected by rgbd cameras produce results outperforming other techniques . our feature encoding method follows the bag - of - visual - word model , then we use a svm classifier to recognise the activities . we do not use skeleton or tracking information and the same technique ←
→ fast guided filter ; the guided filter is a technique for edge - aware image filtering . because of its nice visual quality , fast speed , and ease of implementation , the guided filter has witnessed various applications in real products , such as image editing apps in phones and stereo reconstruction , and has been included in official matlab and opencv . in this note , we remind that the guided filter can be simply sped up from o ( n ) time to o ( n / s ^ 2 ) time for a subsampling ratio s . in a variety of applications , this ←
→ understanding the fisher vector : a multimodal part model ; fisher vectors and related orderless visual statistics have demonstrated excellent performance in object detection , sometimes superior to established approaches such as the deformable part models . however , it remains unclear how these models can capture complex appearance variations using visual codebooks of limited sizes and coarse geometric information . in this work , we propose to interpret fisher - vector - based object detectors as part - based models ←
→ health analytics : a systematic review of approaches to detect phenotype cohorts using electronic health records ; the paper presents a systematic review of state - of - the - art approaches to identify patient cohorts using electronic health records . it gives a comprehensive overview of the most commonly de - tected phenotypes and its underlying data sets . special attention is given to preprocessing of in - put data and the different modeling approaches . the literature review confirms natural language processing to ←
→ the jump set under geometric regularisation . part 2 : higher - order approaches ; in part 1 , we developed a new technique based on lipschitz pushforwards for proving the jump set containment property $\ mathcal { h }^{ m - 1 }( j_u \ setminus j_f )= 0 $ of solutions $ u $ to total variation denoising . we demonstrated that the technique also applies to huber - regularised tv . now , in this part 2 , we extend the technique to higher - order regularisers . we are not quite able to prove the property for total generalised variation (←
→ probabilistic planning by probabilistic programming ; automated planning is a major topic of research in artificial intelligence , and enjoys a long and distinguished history . the classical paradigm assumes a distinguished initial state , comprised of a set of facts , and is defined over a set of actions which change that state in one way or another . planning in many real - world settings , however , is much more involved : an agent ' s knowledge is almost never simply a set of facts that are true , and actions that t ←
→ learning task grouping and overlap in multi - task learning ; in the paradigm of multi - task learning , mul - tiple related prediction tasks are learned jointly , sharing information across the tasks . we propose a framework for multi - task learn - ing that enables one to selectively share the information across the tasks . we assume that each task parameter vector is a linear combi - nation of a finite number of underlying basis tasks . the coefficients of the linear combina - tion are sparse in nature and the overlap ←
→ factoring nonnegative matrices with linear programs ; this paper describes a new approach , based on linear programming , for computing nonnegative matrix factorizations ( nmfs ). the key idea is a data - driven model for the factorization where the most salient features in the data are used to express the remaining features . more precisely , given a data matrix x , the algorithm identifies a matrix c such that x approximately equals cx and some linear constraints . the constraints are chosen to ensure that the matr ←
→ optimizing gross merchandise volume via dnn - mab dynamic ranking paradigm ; with the transition from people ' s traditional ` brick - and - mortar ' shopping to online mobile shopping patterns in web 2 . 0 $\ mathit { era }$, the recommender system plays a critical role in e - commerce and e - retails . this is especially true when designing this system for more than $\ mathbf { 236 ~ million }$ daily active users . ranking strategy , the key module of the recommender system , needs to be precise , accurate , and responsive for estimatin ←
→ an ontological architecture for orbital debris data ; the orbital debris problem presents an opportunity for inter - agency and international cooperation toward the mutually beneficial goals of debris prevention , mitigation , remediation , and improved space situational awareness ( ssa ). achieving these goals requires sharing orbital debris and other ssa data . toward this , i present an ontological architecture for the orbital debris domain , taking steps in the creation of an orbital debris ontology ( odo ). the pu ←
→ a framework for control strategies in uncertain inference networks ; control strategies for hierarchical tree - like probabilistic inference networks are formulated and investigated . strategies that utilize staged look - ahead and temporary focus on subgoals are formalized and refined using the depth vector concept that serves as a tool for defining the ' virtual tree ' regarded by the control strategy . the concept is illustrated by four types of control strategies for three - level trees that are characterized acc ←
→ a quantitative evaluation framework for missing value imputation algorithms ; we consider the problem of quantitatively evaluating missing value imputation algorithms . given a dataset with missing values and a choice of several imputation algorithms to fill them in , there is currently no principled way to rank the algorithms using a quantitative metric . we develop a framework based on treating imputation evaluation as a problem of comparing two distributions and show how it can be used to compute quantita ←
→ gibbs - type indian buffet processes ; we investigate a class of feature allocation models that generalize the indian buffet process and are parameterized by gibbs - type random measures . two existing classes are contained as special cases : the original two - parameter indian buffet process , corresponding to the dirichlet process , and the stable ( or three - parameter ) indian buffet process , corresponding to the pitman - yor process . asymptotic behavior of the gibbs - type partitions , such as power laws holding for the ←
→ minimally faithful inversion of graphical models ; inference amortization methods allow the sharing of statistical strength across related observations when learning to perform posterior inference . generally this requires the inversion of the dependency structure in the generative model , as the modeller must design and learn a distribution to approximate the posterior . previous methods invert the dependency structure in a heuristic way and fail to capture the dependencies in the model , therefore limiting th ←
→ constraint - based categorial grammar ; we propose a generalization of categorial grammar in which lexical categories are defined by means of recursive constraints . in particular , the introduction of relational constraints allows one to capture the effects of ( recursive ) lexical rules in a computationally attractive manner . we illustrate the linguistic merits of the new approach by showing how it accounts for the syntax of dutch cross - serial dependencies and the position and scope of adjuncts in such construc ←
→ optimized method for iranian road signs detection and recognition system ; road sign recognition is one of the core technologies in intelligent transport systems . in the current study , a robust and real - time method is presented to identify and detect the roads speed signs in road image in different situations . in our proposed method , first , the connected components are created in the main image using the edge detection and mathematical morphology and the location of the road signs extracted by the geometric ←
→ building and measuring privacy - preserving predictive blacklists ; collaborative security initiatives are increasingly often advocated to improve timeliness and effectiveness of threat mitigation . among these , collaborative predictive blacklisting ( cpb ) aims to forecast attack sources based on alerts contributed by multiple organizations that might be targeted in similar ways . alas , cpb proposals thus far have only focused on improving hit counts , but overlooked the impact of collaboration on false positives ←
→ analyzing roles of classifiers and code - mixed factors for sentiment identification ; multilingual speakers often switch between languages to express themselves on social communication platforms . sometimes , the original script of the language is preserved , while using a common script for all the languages is quite popular as well due to convenience . on such occasions , multiple languages are being mixed with different rules of grammar , using the same script which makes it a challenging task for natural lang ←
→ big data regression using tree based segmentation ; scaling regression to large datasets is a common problem in many application areas . we propose a two step approach to scaling regression to large datasets . using a regression tree ( cart ) to segment the large dataset constitutes the first step of this approach . the second step of this approach is to develop a suitable regression model for each segment . since segment sizes are not very large , we have the ability to apply sophisticated regression techniques i ←
→ a decision - theoretic approach to detection - based target search with a uav ; search and rescue missions and surveillance require finding targets in a large area . these tasks often use unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ) with cameras to detect and move towards a target . however , common uav approaches make two simplifying assumptions . first , they assume that observations made from different heights are deterministically correct . in practice , observations are noisy , with the noise increasing as the height used fo ←
→ from distance correlation to multiscale generalized correlation ; understanding and developing a correlation measure that can detect general dependencies is not only imperative to statistics and machine learning , but also crucial to general scientific discovery in the big data age . we proposed the multiscale generalized correlation ( mgc ) in shen et al . 2017 as a novel correlation measure , which worked well empirically and helped a number of real data discoveries . but there is a wide gap with respect to the ←
→ pattern excitation - based processing : the music of the brain ; an approach to information processing based on the excitation of patterns of activity by non - linear active resonators in response to their input patterns is proposed . arguments are presented to show that any computation performed by a conventional turing machine - based computer , called t - machine in this paper , could also be performed by the pattern excitation - based machine , which will be called p - machine . a realization of this processing scheme by ←
→ attend and diagnose : clinical time series analysis using attention models ; with widespread adoption of electronic health records , there is an increased emphasis for predictive models that can effectively deal with clinical time - series data . powered by recurrent neural network ( rnn ) architectures with long short - term memory ( lstm ) units , deep neural networks have achieved state - of - the - art results in several clinical prediction tasks . despite the success of rnns , its sequential nature prohibits parallelize ←
→ semantic 3d reconstruction with finite element bases ; we propose a novel framework for the discretisation of multi - label problems on arbitrary , continuous domains . our work bridges the gap between general fem discretisations , and labeling problems that arise in a variety of computer vision tasks , including for instance those derived from the generalised potts model . starting from the popular formulation of labeling as a convex relaxation by functional lifting , we show that fem discretisation is valid for t ←
→ discovering emerging topics in social streams via link anomaly detection ; detection of emerging topics are now receiving renewed interest motivated by the rapid growth of social networks . conventional term - frequency - based approaches may not be appropriate in this context , because the information exchanged are not only texts but also images , urls , and videos . we focus on the social aspects of theses networks . that is , the links between users that are generated dynamically intentionally or unintentionally th ←
→ model - free episodic control ; state of the art deep reinforcement learning algorithms take many millions of interactions to attain human - level performance . humans , on the other hand , can very quickly exploit highly rewarding nuances of an environment upon first discovery . in the brain , such rapid learning is thought to depend on the hippocampus and its capacity for episodic memory . here we investigate whether a simple model of hippocampal episodic control can learn to solve difficult sequential decision - mak ←
→ automated attribution and intertextual analysis ; in this work , we employ quantitative methods from the realm of statistics and machine learning to develop novel methodologies for author attribution and textual analysis . in particular , we develop techniques and software suitable for applications to classical study , and we illustrate the efficacy of our approach in several interesting open questions in the field . we apply our numerical analysis techniques to questions of authorship attribution in the case of ←
→ evolutionary mesh numbering : preliminary results ; mesh numbering is a critical issue in finite element methods , as the computational cost of one analysis is highly dependent on the order of the nodes of the mesh . this paper presents some preliminary investigations on the problem of mesh numbering using evolutionary algorithms . three conclusions can be drawn from these experiments . first , the results of the up - to - date method used in all fem softwares ( gibb ' s method ) can be consistently improved ; second , non ←
→ strategic attentive writer for learning macro - actions ; we present a novel deep recurrent neural network architecture that learns to build implicit plans in an end - to - end manner by purely interacting with an environment in reinforcement learning setting . the network builds an internal plan , which is continuously updated upon observation of the next input from the environment . it can also partition this internal representation into contiguous sub - sequences by learning for how long the plan can be committed ←
→ how the landscape of random job shop scheduling instances depends on the ratio of jobs to machines ; we characterize the search landscape of random instances of the job shop scheduling problem ( jsp ). specifically , we investigate how the expected values of ( 1 ) backbone size , ( 2 ) distance between near - optimal schedules , and ( 3 ) makespan of random schedules vary as a function of the job to machine ratio ( n / m ). for the limiting cases n / m approaches 0 and n / m approaches infinity we provide analytical results , ←
→ probabilistic line searches for stochastic optimization ; in deterministic optimization , line searches are a standard tool ensuring stability and efficiency . where only stochastic gradients are available , no direct equivalent has so far been formulated , because uncertain gradients do not allow for a strict sequence of decisions collapsing the search space . we construct a probabilistic line search by combining the structure of existing deterministic methods with notions from bayesian optimization . our method ←
→ deep learning to attend to risk in icu ; modeling physiological time - series in icu is of high clinical importance . however , data collected within icu are irregular in time and often contain missing measurements . since absence of a measure would signify its lack of importance , the missingness is indeed informative and might reflect the decision making by the clinician . here we propose a deep learning architecture that can effectively handle these challenges for predicting icu mortality outcomes . the model is ←
→ geometrical morphology ; we explore inflectional morphology as an example of the relationship of the discrete and the continuous in linguistics . the grammar requests a form of a lexeme by specifying a set of feature values , which corresponds to a corner m of a hypercube in feature value space . the morphology responds to that request by providing a morpheme , or a set of morphemes , whose vector sum is geometrically closest to the corner m . in short , the chosen morpheme $\ mu $ is the morpheme ( or set of morphem ←
→ recurrent pixel embedding for instance grouping ; we introduce a differentiable , end - to - end trainable framework for solving pixel - level grouping problems such as instance segmentation consisting of two novel components . first , we regress pixels into a hyper - spherical embedding space so that pixels from the same group have high cosine similarity while those from different groups have similarity below a specified margin . we analyze the choice of embedding dimension and margin , relating them to theoretical res ←
→ bayesian renewables scenario generation via deep generative networks ; we present a method to generate renewable scenarios using bayesian probabilities by implementing the bayesian generative adversarial network ~( bayesian gan ), which is a variant of generative adversarial networks based on two interconnected deep neural networks . by using a bayesian formulation , generators can be constructed and trained to produce scenarios that capture different salient modes in the data , allowing for better diversity and ←
→ game - theoretic approach for non - cooperative planning ; when two or more self - interested agents put their plans to execution in the same environment , conflicts may arise as a consequence , for instance , of a common utilization of resources . in this case , an agent can postpone the execution of a particular action , if this punctually solves the conflict , or it can resort to execute a different plan if the agent ' s payoff significantly diminishes due to the action deferral . in this paper , we present a game - theore ←
→ lifting gis maps into strong geometric context for scene understanding ; contextual information can have a substantial impact on the performance of visual tasks such as semantic segmentation , object detection , and geometric estimation . data stored in geographic information systems ( gis ) offers a rich source of contextual information that has been largely untapped by computer vision . we propose to leverage such information for scene understanding by combining gis resources with large sets of unorganized phot ←
→ un algorithme génétique pour le problème de ramassage et de livraison avec fenêtres de temps à plusieurs véhicules ; the pdptw is an optimization vehicles routing problem which must meet requests for transport between suppliers and customers satisfying precedence , capacity and time constraints . we present , in this paper , a genetic algorithm for optimization of a multi pickup and delivery problem with time windows ( m - pdptw ). we purposes a brief literature review of the pdptw , present an approach based on g ←
→ personalized pancreatic tumor growth prediction via group learning ; tumor growth prediction , a highly challenging task , has long been viewed as a mathematical modeling problem , where the tumor growth pattern is personalized based on imaging and clinical data of a target patient . though mathematical models yield promising results , their prediction accuracy may be limited by the absence of population trend data and personalized clinical characteristics . in this paper , we propose a statistical group learning ←
→ openai gym ; openai gym is a toolkit for reinforcement learning research . it includes a growing collection of benchmark problems that expose a common interface , and a website where people can share their results and compare the performance of algorithms . this whitepaper discusses the components of openai gym and the design decisions that went into the software .←
→ hmm - based writer identification in music score documents without staff - line removal ; writer identification from musical score documents is a challenging task due to its inherent problem of overlapping of musical symbols with staff lines . most of the existing works in the literature of writer identification in musical score documents were performed after a preprocessing stage of staff lines removal . in this paper we propose a novel writer identification framework in musical documents without removing staf ←
→ weakly supervised action localization by sparse temporal pooling network ; we propose a weakly supervised temporal action localization algorithm on untrimmed videos using convolutional neural networks . our algorithm predicts temporal intervals of human actions given video - level class labels with no requirement of temporal localization information of actions . this objective is achieved by proposing a novel deep neural network that recognizes actions and identifies a sparse set of key segments associated with ←
→$\ propto $ svm for learning with label proportions ; we study the problem of learning with label proportions in which the training data is provided in groups and only the proportion of each class in each group is known . we propose a new method called proportion - svm , or $\ propto $ svm , which explicitly models the latent unknown instance labels together with the known group label proportions in a large - margin framework . unlike the existing works , our approach avoids making restrictive assumptions about the data . ←
→ large - scale online feature selection for ultra - high dimensional sparse data ; feature selection with large - scale high - dimensional data is important yet very challenging in machine learning and data mining . online feature selection is a promising new paradigm that is more efficient and scalable than batch feature section methods , but the existing online approaches usually fall short in their inferior efficacy as compared with batch approaches . in this paper , we present a novel second - order online feature s ←
→ bmxnet : an open - source binary neural network implementation based on mxnet ; binary neural networks ( bnns ) can drastically reduce memory size and accesses by applying bit - wise operations instead of standard arithmetic operations . therefore it could significantly improve the efficiency and lower the energy consumption at runtime , which enables the application of state - of - the - art deep learning models on low power devices . bmxnet is an open - source bnn library based on mxnet , which supports both xnor - networks ←
→ face super - resolution through wasserstein gans ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have received a tremendous amount of attention in the past few years , and have inspired applications addressing a wide range of problems . despite its great potential , gans are difficult to train . recently , a series of papers ( arjovsky & bottou , 2017a ; arjovsky et al . 2017b ; and gulrajani et al . 2017 ) proposed using wasserstein distance as the training objective and promised easy , stable gan training across architectures ←
→ structural regularities in text - based entity vector spaces ; entity retrieval is the task of finding entities such as people or products in response to a query , based solely on the textual documents they are associated with . recent semantic entity retrieval algorithms represent queries and experts in finite - dimensional vector spaces , where both are constructed from text sequences . we investigate entity vector spaces and the degree to which they capture structural regularities . such vector spaces are const ←
→ learning sparse deep feedforward networks via tree skeleton expansion ; despite the popularity of deep learning , structure learning for deep models remains a relatively under - explored area . in contrast , structure learning has been studied extensively for probabilistic graphical models ( pgms ). in particular , an efficient algorithm has been developed for learning a class of tree - structured pgms called hierarchical latent tree models ( hltms ), where there is a layer of observed variables at the bottom and multi ←
→ shortcut sequence tagging ; deep stacked rnns are usually hard to train . adding shortcut connections across different layers is a common way to ease the training of stacked networks . however , extra shortcuts make the recurrent step more complicated . to simply the stacked architecture , we propose a framework called shortcut block , which is a marriage of the gating mechanism and shortcuts , while discarding the self - connected part in lstm cell . we present extensive empirical experiments showing that this desig ←
→ toward controlled generation of text ; generic generation and manipulation of text is challenging and has limited success compared to recent deep generative modeling in visual domain . this paper aims at generating plausible natural language sentences , whose attributes are dynamically controlled by learning disentangled latent representations with designated semantics . we propose a new neural generative model which combines variational auto - encoders and holistic attribute discriminators for effective imposit ←
→ ergodic mirror descent ; we generalize stochastic subgradient descent methods to situations in which we do not receive independent samples from the distribution over which we optimize , but instead receive samples that are coupled over time . we show that as long as the source of randomness is suitably ergodic --- it converges quickly enough to a stationary distribution --- the method enjoys strong convergence guarantees , both in expectation and with high probability . this result has implications for stochastic o ←
→ robustfill : neural program learning under noisy i / o ; the problem of automatically generating a computer program from some specification has been studied since the early days of ai . recently , two competing approaches for automatic program learning have received significant attention : ( 1 ) neural program synthesis , where a neural network is conditioned on input / output ( i / o ) examples and learns to generate a program , and ( 2 ) neural program induction , where a neural network generates new outputs directly using ←
→ predicting customer churn : extreme gradient boosting with temporal data ; accurately predicting customer churn using large scale time - series data is a common problem facing many business domains . the creation of model features across various time windows for training and testing can be particularly challenging due to temporal issues common to time - series data . in this paper , we will explore the application of extreme gradient boosting ( xgboost ) on a customer dataset with a wide - variety of temporal features ←
→ on reducing the number of visual words in the bag - of - features representation ; a new class of applications based on visual search engines are emerging , especially on smart - phones that have evolved into powerful tools for processing images and videos . the state - of - the - art algorithms for large visual content recognition and content based similarity search today use the " bag of features " ( bof ) or " bag of words " ( bow ) approach . the idea , borrowed from text retrieval , enables the use of inverted files . a very ←
→ the conditional analogy gan : swapping fashion articles on people images ; we present a novel method to solve image analogy problems : it allows to learn the relation between paired images present in training data , and then generalize and generate images that correspond to the relation , but were never seen in the training set . therefore , we call the method conditional analogy generative adversarial network ( cagan ), as it is based on adversarial training and employs deep convolutional neural networks . an espe ←
→ visual discovery at pinterest ; over the past three years pinterest has experimented with several visual search and recommendation services , including related pins ( 2014 ), similar looks ( 2015 ), flashlight ( 2016 ) and lens ( 2017 ). this paper presents an overview of our visual discovery engine powering these services , and shares the rationales behind our technical and product decisions such as the use of object detection and interactive user interfaces . we conclude that this visual discovery engine significant ←
→ sam : support vector machine based active queue management ; recent years have seen an increasing interest in the design of aqm ( active queue management ) controllers . the purpose of these controllers is to manage the network congestion under varying loads , link delays and bandwidth . in this paper , a new aqm controller is proposed which is trained by using the svm ( support vector machine ) with the rbf ( radial basis function ) kernal . the proposed controller is called the support vector based aqm ( sam ) controll ←
→ crips : critical dynamics in particle swarm optimization ; particle swarm optimisation ( pso ) makes use of a dynamical system for solving a search task . instead of adding search biases in order to improve performance in certain problems , we aim to remove algorithm - induced scales by controlling the swarm with a mechanism that is scale - free except possibly for a suppression of scales beyond the system size . in this way a very promising performance is achieved due to the balance of large - scale exploration and lo ←
→ un modèle générique d ' organisation de corpus en ligne : application à la freebank ; the few available french resources for evaluating linguistic models or algorithms on other linguistic levels than morpho - syntax are either insufficient from quantitative as well as qualitative point of view or not freely accessible . based on this fact , the freebank project intends to create french corpora constructed using manually revised output from a hybrid constraint grammar parser and annotated on several linguistic le ←
→ ranking medical jargon in electronic health record notes by adapted distant supervision ; objective : allowing patients to access their own electronic health record ( ehr ) notes through online patient portals has the potential to improve patient - centered care . however , medical jargon , which abounds in ehr notes , has been shown to be a barrier for patient ehr comprehension . existing knowledge bases that link medical jargon to lay terms or definitions play an important role in alleviating this problem but hav ←
→ adversarial multi - criteria learning for chinese word segmentation ; different linguistic perspectives causes many diverse segmentation criteria for chinese word segmentation ( cws ). most existing methods focus on improve the performance for each single criterion . however , it is interesting to exploit these different criteria and mining their common underlying knowledge . in this paper , we propose adversarial multi - criteria learning for cws by integrating shared knowledge from multiple heterogeneous segmentati ←
→ parameterized runtime analyses of evolutionary algorithms for the euclidean traveling salesperson problem ; parameterized runtime analysis seeks to understand the influence of problem structure on algorithmic runtime . in this paper , we contribute to the theoretical understanding of evolutionary algorithms and carry out a parameterized analysis of evolutionary algorithms for the euclidean traveling salesperson problem ( euclidean tsp ). we investigate the structural properties in tsp instances that influen ←
→ distinguishing cause from effect based on exogeneity ; recent developments in structural equation modeling have produced several methods that can usually distinguish cause from effect in the two - variable case . for that purpose , however , one has to impose substantial structural constraints or smoothness assumptions on the functional causal models . in this paper , we consider the problem of determining the causal direction from a related but different point of view , and propose a new framework for causal direc ←
→ towards deep learning models for psychological state prediction using smartphone data : challenges and opportunities ; there is an increasing interest in exploiting mobile sensing technologies and machine learning techniques for mental health monitoring and intervention . researchers have effectively used contextual information , such as mobility , communication and mobile phone usage patterns for quantifying individuals ' mood and wellbeing . in this paper , we investigate the effectiveness of neural network mo ←
→ minimum cost polygon overlay with rectangular shape stock panels ; minimum cost polygon overlay ( mcpo ) is a unique two - dimensional optimization problem that involves the task of covering a polygon shaped area with a series of rectangular shaped panels . this has a number of applications in the construction industry . this work examines the mcpo problem in order to construct a model that captures essential parameters of the problem to be solved automatically using numerical optimization algorithms . three algor ←
→ an online learning - based framework for tracking ; we study the tracking problem , namely , estimating the hidden state of an object over time , from unreliable and noisy measurements . the standard framework for the tracking problem is the generative framework , which is the basis of solutions such as the bayesian algorithm and its approximation , the particle filters . however , these solutions can be very sensitive to model mismatches . in this paper , motivated by online learning , we introduce a new framework for ←
→ hypertree decompositions and tractable queries ; several important decision problems on conjunctive queries ( cqs ) are np - complete in general but become tractable , and actually highly parallelizable , if restricted to acyclic or nearly acyclic queries . examples are the evaluation of boolean cqs and query containment . these problems were shown tractable for conjunctive queries of bounded treewidth and of bounded degree of cyclicity . the so far most general concept of nearly acyclic queries was the notion of qu ←
→ efficient estimation of the number of neighbours in probabilistic k nearest neighbour classification ; probabilistic k - nearest neighbour ( pknn ) classification has been introduced to improve the performance of original k - nearest neighbour ( knn ) classification algorithm by explicitly modelling uncertainty in the classification of each feature vector . however , an issue common to both knn and pknn is to select the optimal number of neighbours , $ k $. the contribution of this paper is to incorporate the uncertai ←
→ discourse obligations in dialogue processing ; we show that in modeling social interaction , particularly dialogue , the attitude of obligation can be a useful adjunct to the popularly considered attitudes of belief , goal , and intention and their mutual and shared counterparts . in particular , we show how discourse obligations can be used to account in a natural manner for the connection between a question and its answer in dialogue and how obligations can be used along with other parts of the discourse contex ←
→ semi - latent gan : learning to generate and modify facial images from attributes ; generating and manipulating human facial images using high - level attributal controls are important and interesting problems . the models proposed in previous work can solve one of these two problems ( generation or manipulation ), but not both coherently . this paper proposes a novel model that learns how to both generate and modify the facial image from high - level semantic attributes . our key idea is to formulate a semi - latent f ←
→ an efficient real time method of fingertip detection ; fingertips detection has been used in many applications , and it is very popular and commonly used in the area of human computer interaction these days . this paper presents a novel time efficient method that will lead to fingertip detection after cropping the irrelevant parts of input image . binary silhouette of the input image is generated using hsv color space based skin filter and hand cropping done based on histogram of the hand image . the cropped im ←
→ data - intensive supercomputing in the cloud : global analytics for satellite imagery ; we present our experiences using cloud computing to support data - intensive analytics on satellite imagery for commercial applications . drawing from our background in high - performance computing , we draw parallels between the early days of clustered computing systems and the current state of cloud computing and its potential to disrupt the hpc market . using our own virtual file system layer on top of cloud remote object sto ←
→ a deep learning approach to drone monitoring ; a drone monitoring system that integrates deep - learning - based detection and tracking modules is proposed in this work . the biggest challenge in adopting deep learning methods for drone detection is the limited amount of training drone images . to address this issue , we develop a model - based drone augmentation technique that automatically generates drone images with a bounding box label on drone ' s location . to track a small flying drone , we utilize the residual i ←
→ a knowledge - poor pronoun resolution system for turkish ; a pronoun resolution system which requires limited syntactic knowledge to identify the antecedents of personal and reflexive pronouns in turkish is presented . as in its counterparts for languages like english , spanish and french , the core of the system is the constraints and preferences determined empirically . in the evaluation phase , it performed considerably better than the baseline algorithm used for comparison . the system is significant for its be ←
→ throughput optimal decentralized scheduling of multi - hop networks with end - to - end deadline constraints : ii wireless networks with interference ; consider a multihop wireless network serving multiple flows in which wireless link interference constraints are described by a link interference graph . for such a network , we design routing - scheduling policies that maximize the end - to - end timely throughput of the network . timely throughput of a flow $ f $ is defined as the average rate at which packets of flow $ f $ ←
→ why do similarity matching objectives lead to hebbian / anti - hebbian networks ? ; modeling self - organization of neural networks for unsupervised learning using hebbian and anti - hebbian plasticity has a long history in neuroscience . yet , derivations of single - layer networks with such local learning rules from principled optimization objectives became possible only recently , with the introduction of similarity matching objectives . what explains the success of similarity matching objectives in deriving neural n ←
→ improving heterogeneous face recognition with conditional adversarial networks ; heterogeneous face recognition between color image and depth image is a much desired capacity for real world applications where shape information is looked upon as merely involved in gallery . in this paper , we propose a cross - modal deep learning method as an effective and efficient workaround for this challenge . specifically , we begin with learning two convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to extract 2d and 2 . 5d face features ←
→ a light touch for heavily constrained sgd ; minimizing empirical risk subject to a set of constraints can be a useful strategy for learning restricted classes of functions , such as monotonic functions , submodular functions , classifiers that guarantee a certain class label for some subset of examples , etc . however , these restrictions may result in a very large number of constraints . projected stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is often the default choice for large - scale optimization in machine learning , but r ←
→ clevr : a diagnostic dataset for compositional language and elementary visual reasoning ; when building artificial intelligence systems that can reason and answer questions about visual data , we need diagnostic tests to analyze our progress and discover shortcomings . existing benchmarks for visual question answering can help , but have strong biases that models can exploit to correctly answer questions without reasoning . they also conflate multiple sources of error , making it hard to pinpoint model weakness ←
→ online learning for ground trajectory prediction ; this paper presents a model based on an hybrid system to numerically simulate the climbing phase of an aircraft . this model is then used within a trajectory prediction tool . finally , the covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy ( cma - es ) optimization algorithm is used to tune five selected parameters , and thus improve the accuracy of the model . incorporated within a trajectory prediction tool , this model can be used to derive the order of magnitude of ←
→ end - to - end training of hybrid cnn - crf models for stereo ; we propose a novel and principled hybrid cnn + crf model for stereo estimation . our model allows to exploit the advantages of both , convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) and conditional random fields ( crfs ) in an unified approach . the cnns compute expressive features for matching and distinctive color edges , which in turn are used to compute the unary and binary costs of the crf . for inference , we apply a recently proposed highly parallel dual block des ←
→ a generative model of a pronunciation lexicon for hindi ; voice browser applications in text - to - speech ( tts ) and automatic speech recognition ( asr ) systems crucially depend on a pronunciation lexicon . the present paper describes the model of pronunciation lexicon of hindi developed to automatically generate the output forms of hindi at two levels , the < phoneme > and the < ps > ( ps , in short for prosodic structure ). the latter level involves both syllable - division and stress placement . the paper describes the ←
→ a divergence critic for inductive proof ; inductive theorem provers often diverge . this paper describes a simple critic , a computer program which monitors the construction of inductive proofs attempting to identify diverging proof attempts . divergence is recognized by means of a `` difference matching '' procedure . the critic then proposes lemmas and generalizations which `` ripple '' these differences away so that the proof can go through without divergence . the critic enables the theorem prover spike to prove ←
→ allennlp : a deep semantic natural language processing platform ; this paper describes allennlp , a platform for research on deep learning methods in natural language understanding . allennlp is designed to support researchers who want to build novel language understanding models quickly and easily . it is built on top of pytorch , allowing for dynamic computation graphs , and provides ( 1 ) a flexible data api that handles intelligent batching and padding , ( 2 ) high - level abstractions for common operations in worki ←
→ interface agents : a review of the field ; this paper reviews the origins of interface agents , discusses challenges that exist within the interface agent field and presents a survey of current attempts to find solutions to these challenges . a history of agent systems from their birth in the 1960 ' s to the current day is described , along with the issues they try to address . a taxonomy of interface agent systems is presented , and today ' s agent systems categorized accordingly . lastly , an analysis of the machine ←
→ graph entropies in texture segmentation of images ; we study the applicability of a set of texture descriptors introduced in recent work by the author to texture - based segmentation of images . the texture descriptors under investigation result from applying graph indices from quantitative graph theory to graphs encoding the local structure of images . the underlying graphs arise from the computation of morphological amoebas as structuring elements for adaptive morphology , either as weighted or unweighted dijk ←
→ cytonmt : an efficient neural machine translation open - source toolkit implemented in c ++ ; this paper presented an open - source neural machine translation toolkit named cytonmt \ footnote { https :// github . com / arthurxlw / cytonmt }. the toolkit was built from scratch using c ++ and nvidia ' s gpu - accelerated libraries . the toolkit featured training efficiency , code simplicity and translation quality . benchmarks showed that cytonmt accelerated the training speed by 64 . 5 \% to 110 . 8 \% and achieved a high translation qual ←
→ m2d : monolog to dialog generation for conversational story telling ; storytelling serves many different social functions , e . g . stories are used to persuade , share troubles , establish shared values , learn social behaviors , and entertain . moreover , stories are often told conversationally through dialog , and previous work suggests that information provided dialogically is more engaging than when provided in monolog . in this paper , we present algorithms for converting a deep representation of a story into a dia ←
→ towards image understanding from deep compression without decoding ; motivated by recent work on deep neural network ( dnn )- based image compression methods showing potential improvements in image quality , savings in storage , and bandwidth reduction , we propose to perform image understanding tasks such as classification and segmentation directly on the compressed representations produced by these compression methods . since the encoders and decoders in dnn - based compression methods are neural networks with fea ←
→ residual belief propagation for topic modeling ; fast convergence speed is a desired property for training latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ), especially in online and parallel topic modeling for massive data sets . this paper presents a novel residual belief propagation ( rbp ) algorithm to accelerate the convergence speed for training lda . the proposed rbp uses an informed scheduling scheme for asynchronous message passing , which passes fast - convergent messages with a higher priority to influence those slow - c ←
→ contextualized word representations for reading comprehension ; reading a document and extracting an answer to a question about its content has attracted substantial attention recently . while most work has focused on the interaction between the question and the document , in this work we evaluate the importance of context when the question and document are processed independently . we take a standard neural architecture for this task , and show that by providing rich contextualized word representations from a ←
→ m3 : scaling up machine learning via memory mapping ; to process data that do not fit in ram , conventional wisdom would suggest using distributed approaches . however , recent research has demonstrated virtual memory ' s strong potential in scaling up graph mining algorithms on a single machine . we propose to use a similar approach for general machine learning . we contribute : ( 1 ) our latest finding that memory mapping is also a feasible technique for scaling up general machine learning algorithms like logistic r ←
→ oracle inequalities for ranking and u - processes with lasso penalty ; we investigate properties of estimators obtained by minimization of u - processes with the lasso penalty in high - dimensional settings . our attention is focused on the ranking problem that is popular in machine learning . it is related to guessing the ordering between objects on the basis of their observed predictors . we prove the oracle inequality for the excess risk of the considered estimator as well as the bound for the l1 distance between ←
→ rnn : recurrent library for torch ; the rnn package provides components for implementing a wide range of recurrent neural networks . it is built withing the framework of the torch distribution for use with the nn package . the components have evolved from 3 iterations , each adding to the flexibility and capability of the package . all component modules inherit either the abstractrecurrent or abstractsequencer classes . strong unit testing , continued backwards compatibility and access to supporting material are ←
→ the first evaluation of chinese human - computer dialogue technology ; in this paper , we introduce the first evaluation of chinese human - computer dialogue technology . we detail the evaluation scheme , tasks , metrics and how to collect and annotate the data for training , developing and test . the evaluation includes two tasks , namely user intent classification and online testing of task - oriented dialogue . to consider the different sources of the data for training and developing , the first task can also be divide ←
→ authorship attribution using the chaos game representation ; the chaos game representation , a method for creating images from nucleotide sequences , is modified to make images from chunks of text documents . machine learning methods are then applied to train classifiers based on authorship . experiments are conducted on several benchmark data sets in english , including the widely used federalist papers , and one in portuguese . validation results for the trained classifiers are competitive with the best methods ←
→ selection of tuning parameters in bridge regression models via bayesian information criterion ; we consider the bridge linear regression modeling , which can produce a sparse or non - sparse model . a crucial point in the model building process is the selection of adjusted parameters including a regularization parameter and a tuning parameter in bridge regression models . the choice of the adjusted parameters can be viewed as a model selection and evaluation problem . we propose a model selection criterion for ←
→ skill - a stochastic inductive logic learner ; probabilistic inductive logic programming ( pilp ) is a rel - atively unexplored area of statistical relational learning which extends classic inductive logic programming ( ilp ). this work introduces skill , a stochastic inductive logic learner , which takes probabilistic annotated data and produces first order logic theories . data in several domains such as medicine and bioinformatics have an inherent degree of uncer - tainty , that can be used to produce models close ←
→ a comparison of the xtag and cle grammars for english ; when people develop something intended as a large broad - coverage grammar , they usually have a more specific goal in mind . sometimes this goal is covering a corpus ; sometimes the developers have theoretical ideas they wish to investigate ; most often , work is driven by a combination of these two main types of goal . what tends to happen after a while is that the community of people working with the grammar starts thinking of some phenomena as `` central '',←
→ shared representation learning for heterogeneous face recognition ; after intensive research , heterogenous face recognition is still a challenging problem . the main difficulties are owing to the complex relationship between heterogenous face image spaces . the heterogeneity is always tightly coupled with other variations , which makes the relationship of heterogenous face images highly nonlinear . many excellent methods have been proposed to model the nonlinear relationship , but they apt to overfit to the trai ←
→ intercausal reasoning with uninstantiated ancestor nodes ; intercausal reasoning is a common inference pattern involving probabilistic dependence of causes of an observed common effect . the sign of this dependence is captured by a qualitative property called product synergy . the current definition of product synergy is insufficient for intercausal reasoning where there are additional uninstantiated causes of the common effect . we propose a new definition of product synergy and prove its adequacy for interca ←
→ logarithmic time one - against - some ; we create a new online reduction of multiclass classification to binary classification for which training and prediction time scale logarithmically with the number of classes . compared to previous approaches , we obtain substantially better statistical performance for two reasons : first , we prove a tighter and more complete boosting theorem , and second we translate the results more directly into an algorithm . we show that several simple techniques give rise to an algorithm ←
→ reduce meaningless words for joint chinese word segmentation and part - of - speech tagging ; conventional statistics - based methods for joint chinese word segmentation and part - of - speech tagging ( s & t ) have generalization ability to recognize new words that do not appear in the training data . an undesirable side effect is that a number of meaningless words will be incorrectly created . we propose an effective and efficient framework for s & t that introduces features to significantly reduce meaningless words gene ←
→ risk - aversion in multi - armed bandits ; stochastic multi - armed bandits solve the exploration - exploitation dilemma and ultimately maximize the expected reward . nonetheless , in many practical problems , maximizing the expected reward is not the most desirable objective . in this paper , we introduce a novel setting based on the principle of risk - aversion where the objective is to compete against the arm with the best risk - return trade - off . this setting proves to be intrinsically more difficult than the standard m ←
→ a new representation of skeleton sequences for 3d action recognition ; this paper presents a new method for 3d action recognition with skeleton sequences ( i . e ., 3d trajectories of human skeleton joints ). the proposed method first transforms each skeleton sequence into three clips each consisting of several frames for spatial temporal feature learning using deep neural networks . each clip is generated from one channel of the cylindrical coordinates of the skeleton sequence . each frame of the generated clips ←
→ scattertext : a browser - based tool for visualizing how corpora differ ; scattertext is an open source tool for visualizing linguistic variation between document categories in a language - independent way . the tool presents a scatterplot , where each axis corresponds to the rank - frequency a term occurs in a category of documents . through a tie - breaking strategy , the tool is able to display thousands of visible term - representing points and find space to legibly label hundreds of them . scattertext also lends itsel ←
→ training a large scale classifier with the quantum adiabatic algorithm ; in a previous publication we proposed discrete global optimization as a method to train a strong binary classifier constructed as a thresholded sum over weak classifiers . our motivation was to cast the training of a classifier into a format amenable to solution by the quantum adiabatic algorithm . applying adiabatic quantum computing ( aqc ) promises to yield solutions that are superior to those which can be achieved with classical heuris ←
→ model - based bayesian reinforcement learning for dialogue management ; reinforcement learning methods are increasingly used to optimise dialogue policies from experience . most current techniques are model - free : they directly estimate the utility of various actions , without explicit model of the interaction dynamics . in this paper , we investigate an alternative strategy grounded in model - based bayesian reinforcement learning . bayesian inference is used to maintain a posterior distribution over the model param ←
→ correlation flow : robust optical flow using kernel cross - correlators ; robust velocity and position estimation is crucial for autonomous robot navigation . the optical flow based methods for autonomous navigation have been receiving increasing attentions in tandem with the development of micro unmanned aerial vehicles . this paper proposes a kernel cross - correlator ( kcc ) based algorithm to determine optical flow using a monocular camera , which is named as correlation flow ( cf ). correlation flow is able to pro ←
→ zero - shot learning via latent space encoding ; zero - shot learning ( zsl ) is typically achieved by resorting to a class semantic embedding space to transfer the knowledge from the seen classes to unseen ones . capturing the common semantic characteristics between the visual modality and the class semantic modality ( e . g ., attributes or word vector ) is a key to the success of zsl . in this paper , we present a novel approach called latent space encoding ( lse ) for zsl based on an encoder - decoder framework , which le ←
→ personal names in modern turkey ; we analyzed the most common 5000 male and 5000 female turkish names based on their etymological , morphological , and semantic attributes . the name statistics are based on all turkish citizens who were alive in 2014 and they cover 90 % of all population . to the best of our knowledge , this study is the most comprehensive data - driven analysis of turkish personal names . female names have a greater diversity than male names ( e . g ., top 15 male names cover 25 % of the male population ←
→ evolving xslt stylesheets ; this paper introduces a procedure based on genetic programming to evolve xslt programs ( usually called stylesheets or logicsheets ). xslt is a general purpose , document - oriented functional language , generally used to transform xml documents ( or , in general , solve any problem that can be coded as an xml document ). the proposed solution uses a tree representation for the stylesheets as well as diverse specific operators in order to obtain , in the studied cases and a reasonable time ,←
→ action recognition with image based cnn features ; most of human actions consist of complex temporal compositions of more simple actions . action recognition tasks usually relies on complex handcrafted structures as features to represent the human action model . convolutional neural nets ( cnn ) have shown to be a powerful tool that eliminate the need for designing handcrafted features . usually , the output of the last layer in cnn ( a layer before the classification layer - known as fc7 ) is used as a generic feat ←
→ a survey on metric learning for feature vectors and structured data ; the need for appropriate ways to measure the distance or similarity between data is ubiquitous in machine learning , pattern recognition and data mining , but handcrafting such good metrics for specific problems is generally difficult . this has led to the emergence of metric learning , which aims at automatically learning a metric from data and has attracted a lot of interest in machine learning and related fields for the past ten years . thi ←
→ learning multiple categories on deep convolution networks ; deep convolution networks have proved very successful with big datasets such as the 1000 - classes imagenet . results show that the error rate increases slowly as the size of the dataset increases . experiments presented here may explain why these networks are very effective in solving big recognition problems . if the big task is made up of multiple smaller tasks , then the results show the ability of deep convolution networks to decompose the complex t ←
→ ranked bandits in metric spaces : learning optimally diverse rankings over large document collections ; most learning to rank research has assumed that the utility of different documents is independent , which results in learned ranking functions that return redundant results . the few approaches that avoid this have rather unsatisfyingly lacked theoretical foundations , or do not scale . we present a learning - to - rank formulation that optimizes the fraction of satisfied users , with several scalable algorithms ←
→ longitudinal face aging in the wild - recent deep learning approaches ; face aging has raised considerable attentions and interest from the computer vision community in recent years . numerous approaches ranging from purely image processing techniques to deep learning structures have been proposed in literature . in this paper , we aim to give a review of recent developments of modern deep learning based approaches , i . e . deep generative models , for face aging task . their structures , formulation , learning algor ←
→ determinism in the certification of unsat proofs ; the search for increased trustworthiness of sat solvers is very active and uses various methods . some of these methods obtain a proof from the provers then check it , normally by replicating the search based on the proof ' s information . because the certification process involves another nontrivial proof search , the trust we can place in it is decreased . some attempts to amend this use certifiers which have been verified by proofs assistants such as isabelle / h ←
→ deep learning based retinal oct segmentation ; our objective is to evaluate the efficacy of methods that use deep learning ( dl ) for the automatic fine - grained segmentation of optical coherence tomography ( oct ) images of the retina . oct images from 10 patients with mild non - proliferative diabetic retinopathy were used from a public ( u . of miami ) dataset . for each patient , five images were available : one image of the fovea center , two images of the perifovea , and two images of the parafovea . for each image , t ←
→ weakly supervised cross - lingual named entity recognition via effective annotation and representation projection ; the state - of - the - art named entity recognition ( ner ) systems are supervised machine learning models that require large amounts of manually annotated data to achieve high accuracy . however , annotating ner data by human is expensive and time - consuming , and can be quite difficult for a new language . in this paper , we present two weakly supervised approaches for cross - lingual ner with no human anno ←
→ map - based multi - policy reinforcement learning : enhancing adaptability of robots by deep reinforcement learning ; in order for robots to perform mission - critical tasks , it is essential that they are able to quickly adapt to changes in their environment as well as to injuries and or other bodily changes . deep reinforcement learning has been shown to be successful in training robot control policies for operation in complex environments . however , existing methods typically employ only a single policy . this ca ←
→ improving facial attribute prediction using semantic segmentation ; attributes are semantically meaningful characteristics whose applicability widely crosses category boundaries . they are particularly important in describing and recognizing concepts where no explicit training example is given , \ textit { e . g ., zero - shot learning }. additionally , since attributes are human describable , they can be used for efficient human - computer interaction . in this paper , we propose to employ semantic segmentation to improve ←
→ efficient and effective single - document summarizations and a word - embedding measurement of quality ; our task is to generate an effective summary for a given document with specific realtime requirements . we use the softplus function to enhance keyword rankings to favor important sentences , based on which we present a number of summarization algorithms using various keyword extraction and topic clustering methods . we show that our algorithms meet the realtime requirements and yield the best rouge recall sc ←
→ a hierarchical framework of cloud resource allocation and power management using deep reinforcement learning ; automatic decision - making approaches , such as reinforcement learning ( rl ), have been applied to ( partially ) solve the resource allocation problem adaptively in the cloud computing system . however , a complete cloud resource allocation framework exhibits high dimensions in state and action spaces , which prohibit the usefulness of traditional rl techniques . in addition , high power consumption has be ←
→ balancing explicability and explanation in human - aware planning ; human aware planning requires an agent to be aware of the intentions , capabilities and mental model of the human in the loop during its decision process . this can involve generating plans that are explicable to a human observer as well as the ability to provide explanations when such plans cannot be generated . this has led to the notion " multi - model planning " which aim to incorporate effects of human expectation in the deliberative process of ←
→ a counterexample for the validity of using nuclear norm as a convex surrogate of rank ; rank minimization has attracted a lot of attention due to its robustness in data recovery . to overcome the computational difficulty , rank is often replaced with nuclear norm . for several rank minimization problems , such a replacement has been theoretically proven to be valid , i . e ., the solution to nuclear norm minimization problem is also the solution to rank minimization problem . although it is easy to believe that su ←
→ inverse reinforcement learning with multi - relational chains for robot - centered smart home ; in a robot - centered smart home , the robot observes the home states with its own sensors , and then it can change certain object states according to an operator ' s commands for remote operations , or imitate the operator ' s behaviors in the house for autonomous operations . to model the robot ' s imitation of the operator ' s behaviors in a dynamic indoor environment , we use multi - relational chains to describe the changes of ←
→ stairnet : top - down semantic aggregation for accurate one shot detection ; one - stage object detectors such as ssd or yolo already have shown promising accuracy with small memory footprint and fast speed . however , it is widely recognized that one - stage detectors have difficulty in detecting small objects while they are competitive with two - stage methods on large objects . in this paper , we investigate how to alleviate this problem starting from the ssd framework . due to their pyramidal design , the lower layer ←
→ performance analysis of spectral clustering on compressed , incomplete and inaccurate measurements ; spectral clustering is one of the most widely used techniques for extracting the underlying global structure of a data set . compressed sensing and matrix completion have emerged as prevailing methods for efficiently recovering sparse and partially observed signals respectively . we combine the distance preserving measurements of compressed sensing and matrix completion with the power of robust spectral clust ←
→ maxmin convolutional neural networks for image classification ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) are widely used in computer vision , especially in image classification . however , the way in which information and invariance properties are encoded through in deep cnn architectures is still an open question . in this paper , we propose to modify the standard convo - lutional block of cnn in order to transfer more information layer after layer while keeping some invariance within the net - work . our main idea is ←
→ inexact coordinate descent : complexity and preconditioning ; in this paper we consider the problem of minimizing a convex function using a randomized block coordinate descent method . one of the key steps at each iteration of the algorithm is determining the update to a block of variables . existing algorithms assume that in order to compute the update , a particular subproblem is solved exactly . in his work we relax this requirement , and allow for the subproblem to be solved inexactly , leading to an inexact b ←
→ authenticating users through their arm movement patterns ; in this paper , we propose four continuous authentication designs by using the characteristics of arm movements while individuals walk . the first design uses acceleration of arms captured by a smartwatch ' s accelerometer sensor , the second design uses the rotation of arms captured by a smartwatch ' s gyroscope sensor , third uses the fusion of both acceleration and rotation at the feature - level and fourth uses the fusion at score - level . each of these des ←
→ global relation embedding for relation extraction ; recent studies have shown that embedding textual relations using deep neural networks greatly helps relation extraction . however , many existing studies rely on supervised learning ; their performance is dramatically limited by the availability of training data . in this work , we generalize textual relation embedding to the distant supervision setting , where much larger - scale but noisy training data is available . we propose leveraging global statistics of rel ←
→ a hardware - friendly algorithm for scalable training and deployment of dimensionality reduction models on fpga ; with ever - increasing application of machine learning models in various domains such as image classification , speech recognition and synthesis , and health care , designing efficient hardware for these models has gained a lot of popularity . while the majority of researches in this area focus on efficient deployment of machine learning models ( a . k . a inference ), this work concentrates on challenges o ←
→ multi - view surveillance video summarization via joint embedding and sparse optimization ; most traditional video summarization methods are designed to generate effective summaries for single - view videos , and thus they cannot fully exploit the complicated intra and inter - view correlations in summarizing multi - view videos in a camera network . in this paper , with the aim of summarizing multi - view videos , we introduce a novel unsupervised framework via joint embedding and sparse representative selection . the ←
→ vehicles recognition using fuzzy descriptors of image segments ; in this paper a vision - based vehicles recognition method is presented . proposed method uses fuzzy description of image segments for automatic recognition of vehicles recorded in image data . the description takes into account selected geometrical properties and shape coefficients determined for segments of reference image ( vehicle model ). the proposed method was implemented using reasoning system with fuzzy rules . a vehicles recognition algorit ←
→ a predictive analytics approach to reducing avoidable hospital readmission ; hospital readmission has become a critical metric of quality and cost of healthcare . medicare anticipates that nearly $ 17 billion is paid out on the 20 % of patients who are readmitted within 30 days of discharge . although several interventions such as transition care management and discharge reengineering have been practiced in recent years , the effectiveness and sustainability depends on how well they can identify and target pat ←
→ challenges of computational processing of code - switching ; this paper addresses challenges of natural language processing ( nlp ) on non - canonical multilingual data in which two or more languages are mixed . it refers to code - switching which has become more popular in our daily life and therefore obtains an increasing amount of attention from the research community . we report our experience that cov - ers not only core nlp tasks such as normalisation , language identification , language modelling , part - of - speech ←
→ predictive analytics for enhancing travel time estimation in navigation apps of apple , google , and microsoft ; the explosive growth of the location - enabled devices coupled with the increasing use of internet services has led to an increasing awareness of the importance and usage of geospatial information in many applications . the navigation apps ( often called maps ), use a variety of available data sources to calculate and predict the travel time as well as several options for routing in public transportat ←
→ all who wander : on the prevalence and characteristics of multi - community engagement ; although analyzing user behavior within individual communities is an active and rich research domain , people usually interact with multiple communities both on - and off - line . how do users act in such multi - community environments ? although there are a host of intriguing aspects to this question , it has received much less attention in the research community in comparison to the intra - community case . in this paper , we exami ←
→ revealing social networks of spammers through spectral clustering ; to date , most studies on spam have focused only on the spamming phase of the spam cycle and have ignored the harvesting phase , which consists of the mass acquisition of email addresses . it has been observed that spammers conceal their identity to a lesser degree in the harvesting phase , so it may be possible to gain new insights into spammers ' behavior by studying the behavior of harvesters , which are individuals or bots that collect email ←
→ convolutional neural network architectures for matching natural language sentences ; semantic matching is of central importance to many natural language tasks \ cite { bordes2014semantic , retrievalqa }. a successful matching algorithm needs to adequately model the internal structures of language objects and the interaction between them . as a step toward this goal , we propose convolutional neural network models for matching two sentences , by adapting the convolutional strategy in vision and speech . the proposed ←
→ which training methods for gans do actually converge ? ; recent work has shown local convergence of gan training for absolutely continuous data and generator distributions . in this paper , we show that the requirement of absolute continuity is necessary : we describe a simple yet prototypical counterexample showing that in the more realistic case of distributions that are not absolutely continuous , unregularized gan training is not always convergent . furthermore , we discuss regularization strategies that were ←
→ stochastic variance reduction for nonconvex optimization ; we study nonconvex finite - sum problems and analyze stochastic variance reduced gradient ( svrg ) methods for them . svrg and related methods have recently surged into prominence for convex optimization given their edge over stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ); but their theoretical analysis almost exclusively assumes convexity . in contrast , we prove non - asymptotic rates of convergence ( to stationary points ) of svrg for nonconvex optimization , and show th ←
→ digital manifolds and the theorem of jordan - brouwer ; we give an answer to the question given by t . y . kong in his article " can 3 - d digital topology be based on axiomatically defined digital spaces ?" in this article he asks the question , if so called " good pairs " of neighborhood relations can be found on the set z ^ n such that the existence of digital manifolds of dimension n - 1 , that separate their complement in exactly two connected sets , is guaranteed . to achieve this , we use a technique developed by m . khac ←
→ non - gaussian discriminative factor models via the max - margin rank - likelihood ; we consider the problem of discriminative factor analysis for data that are in general non - gaussian . a bayesian model based on the ranks of the data is proposed . we first introduce a new {\ em max - margin } version of the rank - likelihood . a discriminative factor model is then developed , integrating the max - margin rank - likelihood and ( linear ) bayesian support vector machines , which are also built on the max - margin principle . the di ←
→ reproduction of images by gamut mapping and creation of new test charts in prepress process ; with the advent of digital images the problem of keeping picture visualization uniformity arises because each printing or scanning device has its own color chart . so , universal color profiles are made by icc to bring uniformity in various types of devices . keeping that color profile in mind various new color charts are created and calibrated with the help of standard it8 test charts available in the market . the m ←
→ semi - automatic terminology ontology learning based on topic modeling ; ontologies provide features like a common vocabulary , reusability , machine - readable content , and also allows for semantic search , facilitate agent interaction and ordering & structuring of knowledge for the semantic web ( web 3 . 0 ) application . however , the challenge in ontology engineering is automatic learning , i . e ., the there is still a lack of fully automatic approach from a text corpus or dataset of various topics to form ontology usi ←
→ independence clustering ( without a matrix ) ; the independence clustering problem is considered in the following formulation : given a set $ s $ of random variables , it is required to find the finest partitioning $\{ u_1 ,\ dots , u_k \}$ of $ s $ into clusters such that the clusters $ u_1 ,\ dots , u_k $ are mutually independent . since mutual independence is the target , pairwise similarity measurements are of no use , and thus traditional clustering algorithms are inapplicable . the distribution of the random variables in $ s $←
→ towards an arabic - english machine - translation based on semantic web ; communication tools make the world like a small village and as a consequence people can contact with others who are from different societies or who speak different languages . this communication cannot happen effectively without machine translation because they can be found anytime and everywhere . there are a number of studies that have developed machine translation for the english language with so many other languages except the arabic it ←
→ deep lattice networks and partial monotonic functions ; we propose learning deep models that are monotonic with respect to a user - specified set of inputs by alternating layers of linear embeddings , ensembles of lattices , and calibrators ( piecewise linear functions ), with appropriate constraints for monotonicity , and jointly training the resulting network . we implement the layers and projections with new computational graph nodes in tensorflow and use the adam optimizer and batched stochastic gradients . expe ←
→ simultaneous clustering and model selection for multinomial distribution : a comparative study ; in this paper , we study different discrete data clustering methods , which use the model - based clustering ( mbc ) framework with the multinomial distribution . our study comprises several relevant issues , such as initialization , model estimation and model selection . additionally , we propose a novel mbc method by efficiently combining the partitional and hierarchical clustering techniques . we conduct experiments on ←
→ deep learning algorithms for signal recognition in long perimeter monitoring distributed fiber optic sensors ; in this paper , we show an approach to build deep learning algorithms for recognizing signals in distributed fiber optic monitoring and security systems for long perimeters . synthesizing such detection algorithms poses a non - trivial research and development challenge , because these systems face stringent error ( type i and ii ) requirements and operate in difficult signal - jamming environments , with ←
→ local component analysis ; kernel density estimation , a . k . a . parzen windows , is a popular density estimation method , which can be used for outlier detection or clustering . with multivariate data , its performance is heavily reliant on the metric used within the kernel . most earlier work has focused on learning only the bandwidth of the kernel ( i . e ., a scalar multiplicative factor ). in this paper , we propose to learn a full euclidean metric through an expectation - minimization ( em ) procedure , which can be seen ←
→ bayesian learning of consumer preferences for residential demand response ; in coming years residential consumers will face real - time electricity tariffs with energy prices varying day to day , and effective energy saving will require automation - a recommender system , which learns consumer ' s preferences from her actions . a consumer chooses a scenario of home appliance use to balance her comfort level and the energy bill . we propose a bayesian learning algorithm to estimate the comfort level function from ←
→ eliminating unfounded set checking for hex - programs ; hex - programs are an extension of the answer set programming ( asp ) paradigm incorporating external means of computation into the declarative programming language through so - called external atoms . their semantics is defined in terms of minimal models of the faber - leone - pfeifer ( flp ) reduct . developing native solvers for hex - programs based on an appropriate notion of unfounded sets has been subject to recent research for reasons of efficiency . although this ←
→ robust contextual bandit via the capped -$\ ell_ { 2 }$ norm ; this paper considers the actor - critic contextual bandit for the mobile health ( mhealth ) intervention . the state - of - the - art decision - making methods in mhealth generally assume that the noise in the dynamic system follows the gaussian distribution . those methods use the least - square - based algorithm to estimate the expected reward , which is prone to the existence of outliers . to deal with the issue of outliers , we propose a novel robust actor - critic con ←
→ rotation - invariant convolutional neural networks for galaxy morphology prediction ; measuring the morphological parameters of galaxies is a key requirement for studying their formation and evolution . surveys such as the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) have resulted in the availability of very large collections of images , which have permitted population - wide analyses of galaxy morphology . morphological analysis has traditionally been carried out mostly via visual inspection by trained experts , which is tim ←
→ a comparative analysis of ensemble classifiers : case studies in genomics ; the combination of multiple classifiers using ensemble methods is increasingly important for making progress in a variety of difficult prediction problems . we present a comparative analysis of several ensemble methods through two case studies in genomics , namely the prediction of genetic interactions and protein functions , to demonstrate their efficacy on real - world datasets and draw useful conclusions about their behavior . these met ←
→ bounded - distortion metric learning ; metric learning aims to embed one metric space into another to benefit tasks like classification and clustering . although a greatly distorted metric space has a high degree of freedom to fit training data , it is prone to overfitting and numerical inaccuracy . this paper presents {\ it bounded - distortion metric learning } ( bdml ), a new metric learning framework which amounts to finding an optimal mahalanobis metric space with a bounded - distortion constraint . an efficient sol ←
→ gazing into the abyss : real - time gaze estimation ; gaze and face tracking algorithms have traditionally battled a compromise between computational complexity and accuracy ; the most accurate neural net algorithms cannot be implemented in real time , but less complex real - time algorithms suffer from higher error . this project seeks to better bridge that gap by improving on real - time eye and facial recognition algorithms in order to develop accurate , real - time gaze estimation with an emphasis on minimizing trai ←
→ robust optimization using machine learning for uncertainty sets ; our goal is to build robust optimization problems for making decisions based on complex data from the past . in robust optimization ( ro ) generally , the goal is to create a policy for decision - making that is robust to our uncertainty about the future . in particular , we want our policy to best handle the the worst possible situation that could arise , out of an uncertainty set of possible situations . classically , the uncertainty set is simply cho ←
→ reweighted low - rank tensor decomposition based on t - svd and its applications in video denoising ; the t - svd based tensor robust principal component analysis ( trpca ) decomposes low rank multi - linear signal corrupted by gross errors into low multi - rank and sparse component by simultaneously minimizing tensor nuclear norm and l 1 norm . but if the multi - rank of the signal is considerably large and / or large amount of noise is present , the performance of trpca deteriorates . to overcome this problem , this paper ←
→ a generative model of 3d object layouts in apartments ; understanding indoor scenes is an important task in computer vision . this task is typically ambiguous , so we require a strong prior , that captures the regularity of indoor environments . this is naturally expressed by a probabilistic model over 3d room layouts and geometry , reasoning over complex layouts in 3d space , including high - order spatial relations among objects . in this work , we construct such a model , trained on over 250000 human - designed rooms ←
→ towards understanding and answering multi - sentence recommendation questions on tourism ; we introduce the first system towards the novel task of answering complex multisentence recommendation questions in the tourism domain . our solution uses a pipeline of two modules : question understanding and answering . for question understanding , we define an sql - like query language that captures the semantic intent of a question ; it supports operators like subset , negation , preference and similarity , which are often ←
→ class label autoencoder for zero - shot learning ; existing zero - shot learning ( zsl ) methods usually learn a projection function between a feature space and a semantic embedding space ( text or attribute space ) in the training seen classes or testing unseen classes . however , the projection function cannot be used between the feature space and multi - semantic embedding spaces , which have the diversity characteristic for describing the different semantic information of the same class . to deal with this issue , we p ←
→ stochastic variational inference for hidden markov models ; variational inference algorithms have proven successful for bayesian analysis in large data settings , with recent advances using stochastic variational inference ( svi ). however , such methods have largely been studied in independent or exchangeable data settings . we develop an svi algorithm to learn the parameters of hidden markov models ( hmms ) in a time - dependent data setting . the challenge in applying stochastic optimization in this setting arises ←
→ deep laplacian pyramid networks for fast and accurate super - resolution ; convolutional neural networks have recently demonstrated high - quality reconstruction for single - image super - resolution . in this paper , we propose the laplacian pyramid super - resolution network ( lapsrn ) to progressively reconstruct the sub - band residuals of high - resolution images . at each pyramid level , our model takes coarse - resolution feature maps as input , predicts the high - frequency residuals , and uses transposed convolutions for up ←
→ fcns in the wild : pixel - level adversarial and constraint - based adaptation ; fully convolutional models for dense prediction have proven successful for a wide range of visual tasks . such models perform well in a supervised setting , but performance can be surprisingly poor under domain shifts that appear mild to a human observer . for example , training on one city and testing on another in a different geographic region and / or weather condition may result in significantly degraded performance due to pixel - lev ←
→ demystifying neural style transfer ; neural style transfer has recently demonstrated very exciting results which catches eyes in both academia and industry . despite the amazing results , the principle of neural style transfer , especially why the gram matrices could represent style remains unclear . in this paper , we propose a novel interpretation of neural style transfer by treating it as a domain adaptation problem . specifically , we theoretically show that matching the gram matrices of feature maps is equiva ←
→ towards a theory of good sat representations ; we aim at providing a foundation of a theory of " good " sat representations f of boolean functions f . we argue that the hierarchy uc_k of unit - refutation complete clause - sets of level k , introduced by the authors , provides the most basic target classes , that is , f in uc_k is to be achieved for k as small as feasible . if f does not contain new variables , i . e ., f is equivalent ( as a cnf ) to f , then f in uc_1 is similar to " achieving ( generalised ) arc consistency " ←
→ an estimation of distribution algorithm with adaptive gibbs sampling for unconstrained global optimization ; in this paper is proposed a new heuristic approach belonging to the field of evolutionary estimation of distribution algorithms ( edas ). edas builds a probability model and a set of solutions is sampled from the model which characterizes the distribution of such solutions . the main framework of the proposed method is an estimation of distribution algorithm , in which an adaptive gibbs sampling is use ←
→ revealed preference at scale : learning personalized preferences from assortment choices ; we consider the problem of learning the preferences of a heterogeneous population by observing choices from an assortment of products , ads , or other offerings . our observation model takes a form common in assortment planning applications : each arriving customer is offered an assortment consisting of a subset of all possible offerings ; we observe only the assortment and the customer ' s single choice . in this paper we ←
→ a probabilistic $\ ell_1 $ method for clustering high dimensional data ; in general , the clustering problem is np - hard , and global optimality cannot be established for non - trivial instances . for high - dimensional data , distance - based methods for clustering or classification face an additional difficulty , the unreliability of distances in very high - dimensional spaces . we propose a distance - based iterative method for clustering data in very high - dimensional space , using the $\ ell_1 $- metric that is less sensitive ←
→ deep convolutional neural networks for predominant instrument recognition in polyphonic music ; identifying musical instruments in polyphonic music recordings is a challenging but important problem in the field of music information retrieval . it enables music search by instrument , helps recognize musical genres , or can make music transcription easier and more accurate . in this paper , we present a convolutional neural network framework for predominant instrument recognition in real - world polyphonic music . ←
→ accelerating reinforcement learning by composing solutions of automatically identified subtasks ; this paper discusses a system that accelerates reinforcement learning by using transfer from related tasks . without such transfer , even if two tasks are very similar at some abstract level , an extensive re - learning effort is required . the system achieves much of its power by transferring parts of previously learned solutions rather than a single complete solution . the system exploits strong features in the mu ←
→ continuous value function approximation for sequential bidding policies ; market - based mechanisms such as auctions are being studied as an appropriate means for resource allocation in distributed and mulitagent decision problems . when agents value resources in combination rather than in isolation , they must often deliberate about appropriate bidding strategies for a sequence of auctions offering resources of interest . we briefly describe a discrete dynamic programming model for constructing appropriate bidd ←
→ a general framework for flexible multi - cue photometric point cloud registration ; the ability to build maps is a key functionality for the majority of mobile robots . a central ingredient to most mapping systems is the registration or alignment of the recorded sensor data . in this paper , we present a general methodology for photometric registration that can deal with multiple different cues . we provide examples for registering rgbd as well as 3d lidar data . in contrast to popular point cloud registration a ←
→ a constructive algorithm for feedforward neural networks for medical diagnostic reasoning ; this research is to search for alternatives to the resolution of complex medical diagnosis where human knowledge should be apprehended in a general fashion . successful application examples show that human diagnostic capabilities are significantly worse than the neural diagnostic system . our research describes a constructive neural network algorithm with backpropagation ; offer an approach for the incremental constru ←
→ enigma : efficient learning - based inference guiding machine ; enigma is a learning - based method for guiding given clause selection in saturation - based theorem provers . clauses from many proof searches are classified as positive and negative based on their participation in the proofs . an efficient classification model is trained on this data , using fast feature - based characterization of the clauses . the learned model is then tightly linked with the core prover and used as a basis of a new parameterized evalu ←
→ collaborative low - rank subspace clustering ; in this paper we present collaborative low - rank subspace clustering . given multiple observations of a phenomenon we learn a unified representation matrix . this unified matrix incorporates the features from all the observations , thus increasing the discriminative power compared with learning the representation matrix on each observation separately . experimental evaluation shows that our method outperforms subspace clustering on separate observations and the state ←
→ detecting cancer metastases on gigapixel pathology images ; each year , the treatment decisions for more than 230 , 000 breast cancer patients in the u . s . hinge on whether the cancer has metastasized away from the breast . metastasis detection is currently performed by pathologists reviewing large expanses of biological tissues . this process is labor intensive and error - prone . we present a framework to automatically detect and localize tumors as small as 100 x 100 pixels in gigapixel microscopy images sized 100 ←
→ capturing natural - colour 3d models of insects for species discovery ; collections of biological specimens are fundamental to scientific understanding and characterization of natural diversity . this paper presents a system for liberating useful information from physical collections by bringing specimens into the digital domain so they can be more readily shared , analyzed , annotated and compared . it focuses on insects and is strongly motivated by the desire to accelerate and augment current practices in insec ←
→ understanding symmetric smoothing filters : a gaussian mixture model perspective ; many patch - based image denoising algorithms can be formulated as applying a smoothing filter to the noisy image . expressed as matrices , the smoothing filters must be row normalized so that each row sums to unity . surprisingly , if we apply a column normalization before the row normalization , the performance of the smoothing filter can often be significantly improved . prior works showed that such performance gain is related to ←
→ an algebra of causal chains ; in this work we propose a multi - valued extension of logic programs under the stable models semantics where each true atom in a model is associated with a set of justifications , in a similar spirit than a set of proof trees . the main contribution of this paper is that we capture justifications into an algebra of truth values with three internal operations : an addition '+' representing alternative justifications for a formula , a commutative product '*' representing joint interact ←
→ simplified end - to - end mmi training and voting for asr ; a simplified speech recognition system that uses the maximum mutual information ( mmi ) criterion is considered . end - to - end training using gradient descent is suggested , similarly to the training of connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ). we use an mmi criterion with a simple language model in the training stage , and a standard hmm decoder . our method compares favorably to ctc in terms of performance , robustness , decoding time , disk footprint and qu ←
→ probabilistic prognostic estimates of survival in metastatic cancer patients ( ppes - met ) utilizing free - text clinical narratives ; we propose a deep learning model - probabilistic prognostic estimates of survival in metastatic cancer patients ( ppes - met ) for estimating short - term life expectancy ( 3 months ) of the patients by analyzing free - text clinical notes in the electronic medical record , while maintaining the temporal visit sequence . in a single framework , we integrated semantic data mapping and neural ←
→ reasoning about minimal belief and negation as failure ; we investigate the problem of reasoning in the propositional fragment of mbnf , the logic of minimal belief and negation as failure introduced by lifschitz , which can be considered as a unifying framework for several nonmonotonic formalisms , including default logic , autoepistemic logic , circumscription , epistemic queries , and logic programming . we characterize the complexity and provide algorithms for reasoning in propositional mbnf . in particular , we ←
→ taming the wild : a unified analysis of hogwild !- style algorithms ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is a ubiquitous algorithm for a variety of machine learning problems . researchers and industry have developed several techniques to optimize sgd ' s runtime performance , including asynchronous execution and reduced precision . our main result is a martingale - based analysis that enables us to capture the rich noise models that may arise from such techniques . specifically , we use our new analysis in three ways : (←
→ spice up your chat : the intentions and sentiment effects of using emoji ; emojis , as a new way of conveying nonverbal cues , are widely adopted in computer - mediated communications . in this paper , first from a message sender perspective , we focus on people ' s motives in using four types of emojis -- positive , neutral , negative , and non - facial . we compare the willingness levels of using these emoji types for seven typical intentions that people usually apply nonverbal cues for in communication . the results of e ←
→ parallel architectures for fuzzy triadic similarity learning ; in a context of document co - clustering , we define a new similarity measure which iteratively computes similarity while combining fuzzy sets in a three - partite graph . the fuzzy triadic similarity ( ft - sim ) model can deal with uncertainty offers by the fuzzy sets . moreover , with the development of the web and the high availability of storage spaces , more and more documents become accessible . documents can be provided from multiple sites and make si ←
→ standardizing interestingness measures for association rules ; interestingness measures provide information that can be used to prune or select association rules . a given value of an interestingness measure is often interpreted relative to the overall range of the values that the interestingness measure can take . however , properties of individual association rules restrict the values an interestingness measure can achieve . an interesting measure can be standardized to take this into account , but this has on ←
→ ontology based pivoted normalization using vector based approach for information retrieval ; the proposed methodology is procedural i . e . it follows finite number of steps that extracts relevant documents according to users query . it is based on principles of data mining for analyzing web data . data mining first adapts integration of data to generate warehouse . then , it extracts useful information with the help of algorithm . the task of representing extracted documents is done by using vector based statist ←
→ non - fpt lower bounds for structural restrictions of decision dnnf ; we give a non - fpt lower bound on the size of structured decision dnnf and obdd with decomposable and - nodes representing cnf - formulas of bounded incidence treewidth . both models are known to be of fpt size for cnfs of bounded primal treewidth . to the best of our knowledge this is the first parameterized separation of primal treewidth and incidence treewidth for knowledge compilation models .←
→ a low - cost ethics shaping approach for designing reinforcement learning agents ; this paper proposes a low - cost , easily realizable strategy to equip a reinforcement learning ( rl ) agent the capability of behaving ethically . our model allows the designers of rl agents to solely focus on the task to achieve , without having to worry about the implementation of multiple trivial ethical patterns to follow . based on the assumption that the majority of human behavior , regardless which goals they are achieving , is ←
→ grad - cam ++: generalized gradient - based visual explanations for deep convolutional networks ; over the last decade , convolutional neural network ( cnn ) models have been highly successful in solving complex vision based problems . however , deep models are perceived as " black box " methods considering the lack of understanding of their internal functioning . there has been a significant recent interest to develop explainable deep learning models , and this paper is an effort in this direction . building on a recen ←
→ trainable and dynamic computing : error backpropagation through physical media ; machine learning algorithms , and more in particular neural networks , arguably experience a revolution in terms of performance . currently , the best systems we have for speech recognition , computer vision and similar problems are based on neural networks , trained using the half - century old backpropagation algorithm . despite the fact that neural networks are a form of analog computers , they are still implemented digitally for rea ←
→ exponential scaling of neural algorithms - a future beyond moore ' s law ? ; although the brain has long been considered a potential inspiration for future computing , moore ' s law - the scaling property that has seen revolutions in technologies ranging from supercomputers to smart phones - has largely been driven by advances in materials science . as the ability to miniaturize transistors is coming to an end , there is increasing attention on new approaches to computation , including renewed enthusiasm around the ←
→ linear dimensionality reduction in linear time : johnson - lindenstrauss - type guarantees for random subspace ; we consider the problem of efficient randomized dimensionality reduction with norm - preservation guarantees . specifically we prove data - dependent johnson - lindenstrauss - type geometry preservation guarantees for ho ' s random subspace method : when data satisfy a mild regularity condition -- the extent of which can be estimated by sampling from the data -- then random subspace approximately preserves the ←
→ identification and off - policy learning of multiple objectives using adaptive clustering ; in this work , we present a methodology that enables an agent to make efficient use of its exploratory actions by autonomously identifying possible objectives in its environment and learning them in parallel . the identification of objectives is achieved using an online and unsupervised adaptive clustering algorithm . the identified objectives are learned ( at least partially ) in parallel using q - learning . using a simula ←
→ convex relaxation for combinatorial penalties ; in this paper , we propose an unifying view of several recently proposed structured sparsity - inducing norms . we consider the situation of a model simultaneously ( a ) penalized by a set - function de ned on the support of the unknown parameter vector which represents prior knowledge on supports , and ( b ) regularized in lp - norm . we show that the natural combinatorial optimization problems obtained may be relaxed into convex optimization problems and introduce a noti ←
→ relevant ensemble of trees ; tree ensembles are flexible predictive models that can capture relevant variables and to some extent their interactions in a compact and interpretable manner . most algorithms for obtaining tree ensembles are based on versions of boosting or random forest . previous work showed that boosting algorithms exhibit a cyclic behavior of selecting the same tree again and again due to the way the loss is optimized . at the same time , random forest is not based on loss optimization and obta ←
→ expandnet : a deep convolutional neural network for high dynamic range expansion from low dynamic range content ; high dynamic range ( hdr ) imaging provides the capability of handling real world lighting as opposed to the traditional low dynamic range ( ldr ) which struggles to accurately represent images with higher dynamic range . however , most imaging content is still available only in ldr . this paper presents a method for generating hdr content from ldr content based on deep convolutional neural networks (←
→ optimal recombination in genetic algorithms ; this paper surveys results on complexity of the optimal recombination problem ( orp ), which consists in finding the best possible offspring as a result of a recombination operator in a genetic algorithm , given two parent solutions . we consider efficient reductions of the orps , allowing to establish polynomial solvability or np - hardness of the orps , as well as direct proofs of hardness results .←
→ self - supervised learning for stereo matching with self - improving ability ; exiting deep - learning based dense stereo matching methods often rely on ground - truth disparity maps as the training signals , which are however not always available in many situations . in this paper , we design a simple convolutional neural network architecture that is able to learn to compute dense disparity maps directly from the stereo inputs . training is performed in an end - to - end fashion without the need of ground - truth disparity ←
→ improving sat solvers via blocked clause decomposition ; the decision variable selection policy used by the most competitive cdcl ( conflict - driven clause learning ) sat solvers is either vsids ( variable state independent decaying sum ) or its variants such as exponential version evsids . the common characteristic of vsids and its variants is to make use of statistical information in the solving process , but ignore structure information of the problem . for this reason , this paper modifies the decision variable ←
→ communication - based decomposition mechanisms for decentralized mdps ; multi - agent planning in stochastic environments can be framed formally as a decentralized markov decision problem . many real - life distributed problems that arise in manufacturing , multi - robot coordination and information gathering scenarios can be formalized using this framework . however , finding the optimal solution in the general case is hard , limiting the applicability of recently developed algorithms . this paper provides a practical a ←
→ a logic - based approach to generatively defined discriminative modeling ; conditional random fields ( crfs ) are usually specified by graphical models but in this paper we propose to use probabilistic logic programs and specify them generatively . our intension is first to provide a unified approach to crfs for complex modeling through the use of a turing complete language and second to offer a convenient way of realizing generative - discriminative pairs in machine learning to compare generative and discriminati ←
→ salprop : salient object proposals via aggregated edge cues ; in this paper , we propose a novel object proposal generation scheme by formulating a graph - based salient edge classification framework that utilizes the edge context . in the proposed method , we construct a bayesian probabilistic edge map to assign a saliency value to the edgelets by exploiting low level edge features . a conditional random field is then learned to effectively combine these features for edge classification with object / non - object lab ←
→ tracking noisy targets : a review of recent object tracking approaches ; visual object tracking is an important computer vision problem with numerous real - world applications including human - computer interaction , autonomous vehicles , robotics , motion - based recognition , video indexing , surveillance and security . in this paper , we aim to extensively review the latest trends and advances in the tracking algorithms and evaluate the robustness of trackers in the presence of noise . the first part of this work compr ←
→ geometric operations implemented by conformal geometric algebra neural nodes ; geometric algebra is an optimal frame work for calculating with vectors . the geometric algebra of a space includes elements that represent all the its subspaces ( lines , planes , volumes , ...). conformal geometric algebra expands this approach to elementary representations of arbitrary points , point pairs , lines , circles , planes and spheres . apart from including curved objects , conformal geometric algebra has an elegant unified q ←
→ regularizers for structured sparsity ; we study the problem of learning a sparse linear regression vector under additional conditions on the structure of its sparsity pattern . this problem is relevant in machine learning , statistics and signal processing . it is well known that a linear regression can benefit from knowledge that the underlying regression vector is sparse . the combinatorial problem of selecting the nonzero components of this vector can be " relaxed " by regularizing the squared error with a con ←
→ towards a better understanding of car , cdr , cadr and the others ; this paper describes the ibm 704 architecture and the genesis of the names for car , and cdr , which , as it turns out , probably don ' t quite make sense . the paper suggests that this may not be all bad , as the names lend themselves to compounding . indeed that the compound function names , such as cadr , or even cadadr , etc . may be read as little access programs .←
→ path of vowel raising in chengdu dialect of mandarin ; he and rao ( 2013 ) reported a raising phenomenon of / a / in / xan / ( x being a consonant or a vowel ) in chengdu dialect of mandarin , i . e . / a / is realized as [ epsilon ] for young speakers but [ ae ] for older speakers , but they offered no acoustic analysis . we designed an acoustic study that examined the realization of / xan / in speakers of different age ( old vs . young ) and gender ( male vs . female ) groups , where x represents three conditions : 1 ) unaspirated cons ←
→ incorporating causal prior knowledge as path - constraints in bayesian networks and maximal ancestral graphs ; we consider the incorporation of causal knowledge about the presence or absence of ( possibly indirect ) causal relations into a causal model . such causal relations correspond to directed paths in a causal model . this type of knowledge naturally arises from experimental data , among others . specifically , we consider the formalisms of causal bayesian networks and maximal ancestral graphs and their mark ←
→ automatic analysis of eegs using big data and hybrid deep learning architectures ; objective : a clinical decision support tool that automatically interprets eegs can reduce time to diagnosis and enhance real - time applications such as icu monitoring . clinicians have indicated that a sensitivity of 95 % with a specificity below 5 % was the minimum requirement for clinical acceptance . we propose a highperformance classification system based on principles of big data and machine learning . methods : a hybrid mach ←
→ a challenge set approach to evaluating machine translation ; neural machine translation represents an exciting leap forward in translation quality . but what longstanding weaknesses does it resolve , and which remain ? we address these questions with a challenge set approach to translation evaluation and error analysis . a challenge set consists of a small set of sentences , each hand - designed to probe a system ' s capacity to bridge a particular structural divergence between languages . to exemplify this approach ,←
→ building a test collection for speech - driven web retrieval ; this paper describes a test collection ( benchmark data ) for retrieval systems driven by spoken queries . this collection was produced in the subtask of the ntcir - 3 web retrieval task , which was performed in a trec - style evaluation workshop . the search topics and document collection for the web retrieval task were used to produce spoken queries and language models for speech recognition , respectively . we used this collection to evaluate the performa ←
→ gmm - based synthetic samples for classification of hyperspectral images with limited training data ; the amount of training data that is required to train a classifier scales with the dimensionality of the feature data . in hyperspectral remote sensing , feature data can potentially become very high dimensional . however , the amount of training data is oftentimes limited . thus , one of the core challenges in hyperspectral remote sensing is how to perform multi - class classification using only relatively few tra ←
→ complex events recognition under uncertainty in a sensor network ; automated extraction of semantic information from a network of sensors for cognitive analysis and human - like reasoning is a desired capability in future ground surveillance systems . we tackle the problem of complex decision making under uncertainty in network information environment , where lack of effective visual processing tools , incomplete domain knowledge frequently cause uncertainty in the visual primitives , leading to sub - optimal decis ←
→ a framework for inferring causality from multi - relational observational data using conditional independence ; the study of causality or causal inference - how much a given treatment causally affects a given outcome in a population - goes way beyond correlation or association analysis of variables , and is critical in making sound data driven decisions and policies in a multitude of applications . the gold standard in causal inference is performing " controlled experiments ", which often is not possible due to ←
→ a computational approach to the covert and overt deployment of spatial attention ; popular computational models of visual attention tend to neglect the influence of saccadic eye movements whereas it has been shown that the primates perform on average three of them per seconds and that the neural substrate for the deployment of attention and the execution of an eye movement might considerably overlap . here we propose a computational model in which the deployment of attention with or without a subsequent ey ←
→ multilinear class - specific discriminant analysis ; there has been a great effort to transfer linear discriminant techniques that operate on vector data to high - order data , generally referred to as multilinear discriminant analysis ( mda ) techniques . many existing works focus on maximizing the inter - class variances to intra - class variances defined on tensor data representations . however , there has not been any attempt to employ class - specific discrimination criteria for the tensor data . in this paper , we prop ←
→ neural network with unbounded activation functions is universal approximator ; this paper presents an investigation of the approximation property of neural networks with unbounded activation functions , such as the rectified linear unit ( relu ), which is the new de - facto standard of deep learning . the relu network can be analyzed by the ridgelet transform with respect to lizorkin distributions . by showing three reconstruction formulas by using the fourier slice theorem , the radon transform , and parseval ' s r ←
→ abc - logitboost for multi - class classification ; we develop abc - logitboost , based on the prior work on abc - boost and robust logitboost . our extensive experiments on a variety of datasets demonstrate the considerable improvement of abc - logitboost over logitboost and abc - mart .←
→ enhancement performance of road recognition system of autonomous robots in shadow scenario ; road region recognition is a main feature that is gaining increasing attention from intellectuals because it helps autonomous vehicle to achieve a successful navigation without accident . however , different techniques based on camera sensor have been used by various researchers and outstanding results have been achieved . despite their success , environmental noise like shadow leads to inaccurate recognition of road ←
→ recurrent neural networks as weighted language recognizers ; we investigate the computational complexity of various problems for simple recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) as formal models for recognizing weighted languages . we focus on the single - layer , relu - activation , rational - weight rnns with softmax , which are commonly used in natural language processing applications . we show that most problems for such rnns are undecidable , including consistency , equivalence , minimization , and the determination of the hi ←
→ short term memory capacity in networks via the restricted isometry property ; cortical networks are hypothesized to rely on transient network activity to support short term memory ( stm ). in this paper we study the capacity of randomly connected recurrent linear networks for performing stm when the input signals are approximately sparse in some basis . we leverage results from compressed sensing to provide rigorous non asymptotic recovery guarantees , quantifying the impact of the input sparsity level , the i ←
→ improved algorithms for matrix recovery from rank - one projections ; we consider the problem of estimation of a low - rank matrix from a limited number of noisy rank - one projections . in particular , we propose two fast , non - convex \ emph { proper } algorithms for matrix recovery and support them with rigorous theoretical analysis . we show that the proposed algorithms enjoy linear convergence and that their sample complexity is independent of the condition number of the unknown true low - rank matrix . by leveraging re ←
→ efficient legendre moment computation for grey level images ; legendre orthogonal moments have been widely used in the field of image analysis . because their computation by a direct method is very time expensive , recent efforts have been devoted to the reduction of computational complexity . nevertheless , the existing algorithms are mainly focused on binary images . we propose here a new fast method for computing the legendre moments , which is not only suitable for binary images but also for grey levels . we f ←
→ genetic optimization of the hyperloop route through the grapevine ; we demonstrate a genetic algorithm that employs a versatile fitness function to optimize route selection for the hyperloop , a proposed high speed passenger transportation system .←
→ a unified setting for inference and decision : an argumentation - based approach ; inferring from inconsistency and making decisions are two problems which have always been treated separately by researchers in artificial intelligence . consequently , different models have been proposed for each category . different argumentation systems [ 2 , 7 , 10 , 11 ] have been developed for handling inconsistency in knowledge bases . recently , other argumentation systems [ 3 , 4 , 8 ] have been defined for making decisions under un ←
→ approximate subspace - sparse recovery with corrupted data via constrained $\ ell_1 $- minimization ; high - dimensional data often lie in low - dimensional subspaces corresponding to different classes they belong to . finding sparse representations of data points in a dictionary built using the collection of data helps to uncover low - dimensional subspaces and address problems such as clustering , classification , subset selection and more . in this paper , we address the problem of recovering sparse representations fo ←
→ multimodal and multiscale deep neural networks for the early diagnosis of alzheimer ' s disease using structural mr and fdg - pet images ; alzheimer ' s disease ( ad ) is a progressive neurodegenerative disease . amnestic mild cognitive impairment ( mci ) is a common first symptom before the conversion to clinical impairment where the individual becomes unable to perform activities of daily living independently . although there is currently no treatment available , the earlier a conclusive diagnosis is made , the earli ←
→ a co - prime blur scheme for data security in video surveillance ; this paper presents a novel coprime blurred pair ( cbp ) model for visual data - hiding for security in camera surveillance . while most previous approaches have focused on completely encrypting the video stream , we introduce a spatial encryption scheme by blurring the image / video contents to create a cbp . our goal is to obscure detail in public video streams by blurring while allowing behavior to be recognized and to quickly deblur the stream so t ←
→ combining residual networks with lstms for lipreading ; we propose an end - to - end deep learning architecture for word - level visual speech recognition . the system is a combination of spatiotemporal convolutional , residual and bidirectional long short - term memory networks . we train and evaluate it on the lipreading in - the - wild benchmark , a challenging database of 500 - size target - words consisting of 1 . 28sec video excerpts from bbc tv broadcasts . the proposed network attains word accuracy equal to 83 . 0 , yielding ←
→ isic 2017 - skin lesion analysis towards melanoma detection ; our system addresses part 1 , lesion segmentation and part 3 , lesion classification of the isic 2017 challenge . both algorithms make use of deep convolutional networks to achieve the challenge objective .←
→ on vectorization of deep convolutional neural networks for vision tasks ; we recently have witnessed many ground - breaking results in machine learning and computer vision , generated by using deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). while the success mainly stems from the large volume of training data and the deep network architectures , the vector processing hardware ( e . g . gpu ) undisputedly plays a vital role in modern cnn implementations to support massive computation . though much attention was paid in the ←
→ entity - aware language model as an unsupervised reranker ; in language modeling , it is difficult to incorporate entity relationships from a knowledge - base . one solution is to use a reranker trained with global features , in which global features are derived from n - best lists . however , training such a reranker requires manually annotated n - best lists , which is expensive to obtain . we propose a method based on the contrastive estimation method ~\ cite { smith2005contrastive } that alleviates the need for such data . ←
→ amc : attention guided multi - modal correlation learning for image search ; given a user ' s query , traditional image search systems rank images according to its relevance to a single modality ( e . g ., image content or surrounding text ). nowadays , an increasing number of images on the internet are available with associated meta data in rich modalities ( e . g ., titles , keywords , tags , etc .), which can be exploited for better similarity measure with queries . in this paper , we leverage visual and textual modalities fo ←
→ iterative hard thresholding for model selection in genome - wide association studies ; a genome - wide association study ( gwas ) correlates marker variation with trait variation in a sample of individuals . each study subject is genotyped at a multitude of snps ( single nucleotide polymorphisms ) spanning the genome . here we assume that subjects are unrelated and collected at random and that trait values are normally distributed or transformed to normality . over the past decade , researchers have been remarkably s ←
→ sample - level deep convolutional neural networks for music auto - tagging using raw waveforms ; recently , the end - to - end approach that learns hierarchical representations from raw data using deep convolutional neural networks has been successfully explored in the image , text and speech domains . this approach was applied to musical signals as well but has been not fully explored yet . to this end , we propose sample - level deep convolutional neural networks which learn representations from very small grains of w ←
→ optimal experimental design of field trials using differential evolution ; when setting up field experiments , to test and compare a range of genotypes ( e . g . maize hybrids ), it is important to account for any possible field effect that may otherwise bias performance estimates of genotypes . to do so , we propose a model - based method aimed at optimizing the allocation of the tested genotypes and checks between fields and placement within field , according to their kinship . this task can be formulated as a combin ←
→ compact non - left - recursive grammars using the selective left - corner transform and factoring ; the left - corner transform removes left - recursion from ( probabilistic ) context - free grammars and unification grammars , permitting simple top - down parsing techniques to be used . unfortunately the grammars produced by the standard left - corner transform are usually much larger than the original . the selective left - corner transform described in this paper produces a transformed grammar which simulates left - corner reco ←
→ applying high - resolution visible imagery to satellite melt pond fraction retrieval : a neural network approach ; during summer , melt ponds have a significant influence on arctic sea - ice albedo . the melt pond fraction ( mpf ) also has the ability to forecast the arctic sea - ice in a certain period . it is important to retrieve accurate melt pond fraction ( mpf ) from satellite data for arctic research . this paper proposes a satellite mpf retrieval model based on the multi - layer neural network , named mpf - nn . our m ←
→ disfluency detection using a bidirectional lstm ; we introduce a new approach for disfluency detection using a bidirectional long - short term memory neural network ( blstm ). in addition to the word sequence , the model takes as input pattern match features that were developed to reduce sensitivity to vocabulary size in training , which lead to improved performance over the word sequence alone . the blstm takes advantage of explicit repair states in addition to the standard reparandum states . the final output lev ←
→ improving naive bayes for regression with optimised artificial surrogate data ; can we evolve better training data for machine learning algorithms ? to investigate this question we use population - based optimisation algorithms to generate artificial surrogate training data for naive bayes for regression . we demonstrate that the generalisation performance of naive bayes for regression models is enhanced by training them on the artificial data as opposed to the real data . these results are important for two r ←
→ efficient and scalable view generation from a single image using fully convolutional networks ; single - image - based view generation ( sivg ) is important for producing 3d stereoscopic content . here , handling different spatial resolutions as input and optimizing both reconstruction accuracy and processing speed is desirable . latest approaches are based on convolutional neural network ( cnn ), and they generate promising results . however , their use of fully connected layers as well as pre - trained vgg forces a co ←
→ identifying similar patients using self - organising maps : a case study on type - 1 diabetes self - care survey responses ; diabetes is considered a lifestyle disease and a well managed self - care plays an important role in the treatment . clinicians often conduct surveys to understand the self - care behaviors in their patients . in this context , we propose to use self - organising maps ( som ) to explore the survey data for assessing the self - care behaviors in type - 1 diabetic patients . specifically , som is used to vis ←
→ robust loss functions under label noise for deep neural networks ; in many applications of classifier learning , training data suffers from label noise . deep networks are learned using huge training data where the problem of noisy labels is particularly relevant . the current techniques proposed for learning deep networks under label noise focus on modifying the network architecture and on algorithms for estimating true labels from noisy labels . an alternate approach would be to look for loss functions that a ←
→ risk - aware algorithms for adversarial contextual bandits ; in this work we consider adversarial contextual bandits with risk constraints . at each round , nature prepares a context , a cost for each arm , and additionally a risk for each arm . the learner leverages the context to pull an arm and then receives the corresponding cost and risk associated with the pulled arm . in addition to minimizing the cumulative cost , the learner also needs to satisfy long - term risk constraints -- the average of the cumulative r ←
→ handwritten digit recognition by bio - inspired hierarchical networks ; the human brain processes information showing learning and prediction abilities but the underlying neuronal mechanisms still remain unknown . recently , many studies prove that neuronal networks are able of both generalizations and associations of sensory inputs . in this paper , following a set of neurophysiological evidences , we propose a learning framework with a strong biological plausibility that mimics prominent functions of cortical ci ←
→ face recognition via globality - locality preserving projections ; we present an improved locality preserving projections ( lpp ) method , named gloablity - locality preserving projections ( glpp ), to preserve both the global and local geometric structures of data . in our approach , an additional constraint of the geometry of classes is imposed to the objective function of conventional lpp for respecting some more global manifold structures . moreover , we formulate a two - dimensional extension of glpp ( 2d - glpp ) as an ←
→ saltinet : scan - path prediction on 360 degree images using saliency volumes ; we introduce saltinet , a deep neural network for scanpath prediction trained on 360 - degree images . the model is based on a temporal - aware novel representation of saliency information named the saliency volume . the first part of the network consists of a model trained to generate saliency volumes , whose parameters are fit by back - propagation computed from a binary cross entropy ( bce ) loss over downsampled versions of the saliency ←
→ human - like clustering with deep convolutional neural networks ; classification and clustering have been studied separately in machine learning and computer vision . inspired by the recent success of deep learning models in solving various vision problems ( e . g ., object recognition , semantic segmentation ) and the fact that humans serve as the gold standard in assessing clustering algorithms , here , we advocate for a unified treatment of the two problems and suggest that hierarchical frameworks that progressivel ←
→ an nlp assistant for clide ; this report describes an nlp assistant for the collaborative development environment clide , that supports the development of nlp applications by providing easy access to some common nlp data structures . the assistant visualizes text fragments and their dependencies by displaying the semantic graph of a sentence , the coreference chain of a paragraph and mined triples that are extracted from a paragraph ' s semantic graphs and linked using its coreference chain . using this informati ←
→ an algorithm for improving non - local means operators via low - rank approximation ; we present a method for improving a non local means operator by computing its low - rank approximation . the low - rank operator is constructed by applying a filter to the spectrum of the original non local means operator . this results in an operator which is less sensitive to noise while preserving important properties of the original operator . the method is efficiently implemented based on chebyshev polynomials and is demonstra ←
→ comparison of the c4 . 5 and a naive bayes classifier for the prediction of lung cancer survivability ; numerous data mining techniques have been developed to extract information and identify patterns and predict trends from large data sets . in this study , two classification techniques , the j48 implementation of the c4 . 5 algorithm and a naive bayes classifier are applied to predict lung cancer survivability from an extensive data set with fifteen years of patient records . the purpose of the project is to ve ←
→ towards neural network - based reasoning ; we propose neural reasoner , a framework for neural network - based reasoning over natural language sentences . given a question , neural reasoner can infer over multiple supporting facts and find an answer to the question in specific forms . neural reasoner has 1 ) a specific interaction - pooling mechanism , allowing it to examine multiple facts , and 2 ) a deep architecture , allowing it to model the complicated logical relations in reasoning tasks . assuming no particular stru ←
→ basic concepts and tools for the toki pona minimalist and constructed language : wordnet synsets ; analysis of the vocabulary ; synthesis and syntax highlighting of texts ; a minimalist constructed language ( conlang ) is useful for experiments and comfortable for making tools . the toki pona ( tp ) conlang is minimalist both in the vocabulary ( with only 14 letters and 124 words ) and in the $\ approx10 $ syntax rules . the language is useful for being a used and somewhat established minimalist conlang with at leas ←
→ computerized tomography with total variation and with shearlets ; to reduce the x - ray dose in computerized tomography ( ct ), many constrained optimization approaches have been proposed aiming at minimizing a regularizing function that measures lack of consistency with some prior knowledge about the object that is being imaged , subject to a ( predetermined ) level of consistency with the detected attenuation of x - rays . proponents of the shearlet transform in the regularizing function claim that the reconstructi ←
→ automated assignment of backbone nmr data using artificial intelligence ; nuclear magnetic resonance ( nmr ) spectroscopy is a powerful method for the investigation of three - dimensional structures of biological molecules such as proteins . determining a protein structure is essential for understanding its function and alterations in function which lead to disease . one of the major challenges of the post - genomic era is to obtain structural and functional information on the many unknown proteins encoded by thous ←
→ a generative restricted boltzmann machine based method for high - dimensional motion data modeling ; many computer vision applications involve modeling complex spatio - temporal patterns in high - dimensional motion data . recently , restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ) have been widely used to capture and represent spatial patterns in a single image or temporal patterns in several time slices . to model global dynamics and local spatial interactions , we propose to theoretically extend the conventional rbms by int ←
→ random matrices meet machine learning : a large dimensional analysis of ls - svm ; this article proposes a performance analysis of kernel least squares support vector machines ( ls - svms ) based on a random matrix approach , in the regime where both the dimension of data $ p $ and their number $ n $ grow large at the same rate . under a two - class gaussian mixture model for the input data , we prove that the ls - svm decision function is asymptotically normal with means and covariances shown to depend explicitly on the d ←
→ data selection for semi - supervised learning ; the real challenge in pattern recognition task and machine learning process is to train a discriminator using labeled data and use it to distinguish between future data as accurate as possible . however , most of the problems in the real world have numerous data , which labeling them is a cumbersome or even an impossible matter . semi - supervised learning is one approach to overcome these types of problems . it uses only a small set of labeled with the company of huge ←
→ combining real - valued and binary gabor - radon features for classification and search in medical imaging archives ; content - based image retrieval ( cbir ) of medical images in large datasets to identify similar images when a query image is given can be very useful in improving the diagnostic decision of the clinical experts and as well in educational scenarios . in this paper , we used two stage classification and retrieval approach to retrieve similar images . first , the gabor filters are applied to radon - trans ←
→ beyond markov logic : efficient mining of prediction rules in large graphs ; graph representations of large knowledge bases may comprise billions of edges . usually built upon human - generated ontologies , several knowledge bases do not feature declared ontological rules and are far from being complete . current rule mining approaches rely on schemata or store the graph in - memory , which can be unfeasible for large graphs . in this paper , we introduce hornconcerto , an algorithm to discover horn clauses in large ←
→ gibbs posterior for variable selection in high - dimensional classification and data mining ; in the popular approach of " bayesian variable selection " ( bvs ), one uses prior and posterior distributions to select a subset of candidate variables to enter the model . a completely new direction will be considered here to study bvs with a gibbs posterior originating in statistical mechanics . the gibbs posterior is constructed from a risk function of practical interest ( such as the classification error ) and aims at ←
→ satisfaction of assumptions is a weak predictor of performance ; this paper demonstrates a methodology for examining the accuracy of uncertain inference systems ( uis ), after their parameters have been optimized , and does so for several common uis ' s . this methodology may be used to test the accuracy when either the prior assumptions or updating formulae are not exactly satisfied . surprisingly , these uis ' s were revealed to be no more accurate on the average than a simple linear regression . moreover , even on p ←
→ general riemannian som ; kohonen ' s self - organizing maps ( soms ) have proven to be a successful data - reduction method to identify the intrinsic lower - dimensional sub - manifold of a data set that is scattered in the higher - dimensional feature space . motivated by the possibly non - euclidian nature of the feature space and of the intrinsic geometry of the data set , we extend the definition of classic soms to obtain the general riemannian som ( grisom ). we additionally provide an implementation as a proof - of - concept ←
→ learning feature nonlinearities with non - convex regularized binned regression ; for various applications , the relations between the dependent and independent variables are highly nonlinear . consequently , for large scale complex problems , neural networks and regression trees are commonly preferred over linear models such as lasso . this work proposes learning the feature nonlinearities by binning feature values and finding the best fit in each quantile using non - convex regularized linear regression . the alg ←
→ random projections for $ k $- means clustering ; this paper discusses the topic of dimensionality reduction for $ k $- means clustering . we prove that any set of $ n $ points in $ d $ dimensions ( rows in a matrix $ a \ in \ rr ^{ n \ times d }$) can be projected into $ t = \ omega ( k / \ eps ^ 2 )$ dimensions , for any $\ eps \ in ( 0 , 1 / 3 )$, in $ o ( n d \ lceil \ eps ^{- 2 } k / \ log ( d ) \ rceil )$ time , such that with constant probability the optimal $ k $- partition of the point set is preserved within a factor of $ 2 +\ eps $. the projection is don ←
→ porting htm models to the heidelberg neuromorphic computing platform ; hierarchical temporal memory ( htm ) is a computational theory of machine intelligence based on a detailed study of the neocortex . the heidelberg neuromorphic computing platform , developed as part of the human brain project ( hbp ), is a mixed - signal ( analog and digital ) large - scale platform for modeling networks of spiking neurons . in this paper we present the first effort in porting htm networks to this platform . we describe a framework fo ←
→ yodann : an architecture for ultra - low power binary - weight cnn acceleration ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have revolutionized the world of computer vision over the last few years , pushing image classification beyond human accuracy . the computational effort of today ' s cnns requires power - hungry parallel processors or gp - gpus . recent developments in cnn accelerators for system - on - chip integration have reduced energy consumption significantly . unfortunately , even these highly optimized devices are ab ←
→ kiwi - a minimalist cp solver ; kiwi is a minimalist and extendable constraint programming ( cp ) solver specifically designed for education . the particularities of kiwi stand in its generic trailing state restoration mechanism and its modulable use of variables . by developing kiwi , the author does not aim to provide an alternative to full featured constraint solvers but rather to provide readers with a basic architecture that will ( hopefully ) help them to understand the core mechanisms hidden under the hood ←
→ recurrent neural network method in arabic words recognition system ; the recognition of unconstrained handwriting continues to be a difficult task for computers despite active research for several decades . this is because handwritten text offers great challenges such as character and word segmentation , character recognition , variation between handwriting styles , different character size and no font constraints as well as the background clarity . in this paper primarily discussed online handwriting recognitio ←
→ rocs - derived features for virtual screening ; rapid overlay of chemical structures ( rocs ) is a standard tool for the calculation of 3d shape and chemical (" color ") similarity . rocs uses unweighted sums to combine many aspects of similarity , yielding parameter - free models for virtual screening . in this report , we decompose the rocs color force field into " color components " and " color atom overlaps ", novel color similarity features that can be weighted in a system - specific manner by machine learning algorithm ←
→ crdt : correlation ratio based decision tree model for healthcare data mining ; the phenomenal growth in the healthcare data has inspired us in investigating robust and scalable models for data mining . for classification problems information gain ( ig ) based decision tree is one of the popular choices . however , depending upon the nature of the dataset , ig based decision tree may not always perform well as it prefers the attribute with more number of distinct values as the splitting attribute . healthcare data ←
→ contextual relationship - based activity segmentation on an event stream in the iot environment with multi - user activities ; the human activity recognition in the iot environment plays the central role in the ambient assisted living , where the human activities can be represented as a concatenated event stream generated from various smart objects . from the concatenated event stream , each activity should be distinguished separately for the human activity recognition to provide services that users may need . in ←
→ deep unsupervised intrinsic image decomposition by siamese training ; we harness modern intrinsic decomposition tools based on deep learning to increase their applicability on realworld use cases . traditional techniques are derived from the retinex theory : handmade prior assumptions constrain an optimization to yield a unique solution that is qualitatively satisfying on a limited set of examples . modern techniques based on supervised deep learning leverage largescale databases that are usually synthetic or ←
→ lesion border detection in dermoscopy images ; background : dermoscopy is one of the major imaging modalities used in the diagnosis of melanoma and other pigmented skin lesions . due to the difficulty and subjectivity of human interpretation , computerized analysis of dermoscopy images has become an important research area . one of the most important steps in dermoscopy image analysis is the automated detection of lesion borders . methods : in this article , we present a systematic overview of the recent border de ←
→ unsupervised person re - identification : clustering and fine - tuning ; the superiority of deeply learned pedestrian representations has been reported in very recent literature of person re - identification ( re - id ). in this paper , we consider the more pragmatic issue of learning a deep feature with no or only a few labels . we propose a progressive unsupervised learning ( pul ) method to transfer pretrained deep representations to unseen domains . our method is easy to implement and can be viewed as an effective base ←
→ correlated components analysis --- extracting reliable dimensions in multivariate data ; how does one find data dimensions that are reliably expressed across repetitions ? for example , in neuroscience one may want to identify combinations of brain signals that are reliably activated across multiple trials or subjects . for a clinical assessment with multiple ratings , one may want to identify an aggregate score that is reliably reproduced across raters . the approach proposed here --- " correlated components a ←
→ cliner 2 . 0 : accessible and accurate clinical concept extraction ; clinical notes often describe important aspects of a patient ' s stay and are therefore critical to medical research . clinical concept extraction ( cce ) of named entities - such as problems , tests , and treatments - aids in forming an understanding of notes and provides a foundation for many downstream clinical decision - making tasks . historically , this task has been posed as a standard named entity recognition ( ner ) sequence tagging problem , and ←
→ rulecnl : a controlled natural language for business rule specifications ; business rules represent the primary means by which companies define their business , perform their actions in order to reach their objectives . thus , they need to be expressed unambiguously to avoid inconsistencies between business stakeholders and formally in order to be machine - processed . a promising solution is the use of a controlled natural language ( cnl ) which is a good mediator between natural and formal languages . this paper pr ←
→ 3d scan registration using curvelet features in planetary environments ; topographic mapping in planetary environments relies on accurate 3d scan registration methods . however , most global registration algorithms relying on features such as fpfh and harris - 3d show poor alignment accuracy in these settings due to the poor structure of the mars - like terrain and variable resolution , occluded , sparse range data that is hard to register without some a - priori knowledge of the environment . in this paper , we propos ←
→ revisiting evolutionary algorithms with on - the - fly population size adjustment ; in an evolutionary algorithm , the population has a very important role as its size has direct implications regarding solution quality , speed , and reliability . theoretical studies have been done in the past to investigate the role of population sizing in evolutionary algorithms . in addition to those studies , several self - adjusting population sizing mechanisms have been proposed in the literature . this paper revisits the latter ←
→ fmap : distributed cooperative multi - agent planning ; this paper proposes fmap ( forward multi - agent planning ), a fully - distributed multi - agent planning method that integrates planning and coordination . although fmap is specifically aimed at solving problems that require cooperation among agents , the flexibility of the domain - independent planning model allows fmap to tackle multi - agent planning tasks of any type . in fmap , agents jointly explore the plan space by building up refinement plans through a complete ←
→ a deep pyramid deformable part model for face detection ; we present a face detection algorithm based on deformable part models and deep pyramidal features . the proposed method called dp2mfd is able to detect faces of various sizes and poses in unconstrained conditions . it reduces the gap in training and testing of dpm on deep features by adding a normalization layer to the deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ). extensive experiments on four publicly available unconstrained face detection datasets show th ←
→ fixing weight decay regularization in adam ; l $ _2 $ regularization and weight decay regularization are equivalent for standard stochastic gradient descent ( when rescaled by the learning rate ), but as we demonstrate this is \ emph { not } the case for adaptive gradient algorithms , such as adam . while common deep learning frameworks of these algorithms implement l $ _2 $ regularization ( often calling it " weight decay " in what may be misleading due to the inequivalence we expose ), we propose a simple modification to r ←
→ real - time high resolution fusion of depth maps on gpu ; a system for live high quality surface reconstruction using a single moving depth camera on a commodity hardware is presented . high accuracy and real - time frame rate is achieved by utilizing graphics hardware computing capabilities via opencl and by using sparse data structure for volumetric surface representation . depth sensor pose is estimated by combining serial texture registration algorithm with iterative closest points algorithm ( icp ) aligning ob ←
→ modelling observation correlations for active exploration and robust object detection ; today , mobile robots are expected to carry out increasingly complex tasks in multifarious , real - world environments . often , the tasks require a certain semantic understanding of the workspace . consider , for example , spoken instructions from a human collaborator referring to objects of interest ; the robot must be able to accurately detect these objects to correctly understand the instructions . however , existing object de ←
→ bi - text alignment of movie subtitles for spoken english - arabic statistical machine translation ; we describe efforts towards getting better resources for english - arabic machine translation of spoken text . in particular , we look at movie subtitles as a unique , rich resource , as subtitles in one language often get translated into other languages . movie subtitles are not new as a resource and have been explored in previous research ; however , here we create a much larger bi - text ( the biggest to date ), and we ←
→ logic programming with ordered disjunction ; logic programs with ordered disjunction ( lpods ) combine ideas underlying qualitative choice logic ( brewka et al . kr 2002 ) and answer set programming . logic programming under answer set semantics is extended with a new connective called ordered disjunction . the new connective allows us to represent alternative , ranked options for problem solutions in the heads of rules : a \ times b intuitively means : if possible a , but if a is not possible then at least b . the sema ←
→ how not to evaluate your dialogue system : an empirical study of unsupervised evaluation metrics for dialogue response generation ; we investigate evaluation metrics for dialogue response generation systems where supervised labels , such as task completion , are not available . recent works in response generation have adopted metrics from machine translation to compare a model ' s generated response to a single target response . we show that these metrics correlate very weakly with human judgements in the non - te ←
→ sentiment analysis by joint learning of word embeddings and classifier ; word embeddings are representations of individual words of a text document in a vector space and they are often use - ful for performing natural language pro - cessing tasks . current state of the art al - gorithms for learning word embeddings learn vector representations from large corpora of text documents in an unsu - pervised fashion . this paper introduces swesa ( supervised word embeddings for sentiment analysis ), an algorithm for senti ←
→ systematic n - tuple networks for position evaluation : exceeding 90 % in the othello league ; n - tuple networks have been successfully used as position evaluation functions for board games such as othello or connect four . the effectiveness of such networks depends on their architecture , which is determined by the placement of constituent n - tuples , sequences of board locations , providing input to the network . the most popular method of placing n - tuples consists in randomly generating a small number of long , sn ←
→ overlapping communities detection via measure space embedding ; we present a new algorithm for community detection . the algorithm uses random walks to embed the graph in a space of measures , after which a modification of $ k $- means in that space is applied . the algorithm is therefore fast and easily parallelizable . we evaluate the algorithm on standard random graph benchmarks , including some overlapping community benchmarks , and find its performance to be better or at least as good as previously known algori ←
→ representing human and machine dictionaries in markup languages ; in this chapter we present the main issues in representing machine readable dictionaries in xml , and in particular according to the text encoding dictionary ( tei ) guidelines .←
→ atrank : an attention - based user behavior modeling framework for recommendation ; a user can be represented as what he / she does along the history . a common way to deal with the user modeling problem is to manually extract all kinds of aggregated features over the heterogeneous behaviors , which may fail to fully represent the data itself due to limited human instinct . recent works usually use rnn - based methods to give an overall embedding of a behavior sequence , which then could be exploited by the downstre ←
→ automated pulmonary nodule detection via 3d convnets with online sample filtering and hybrid - loss residual learning ; in this paper , we propose a novel framework with 3d convolutional networks ( convnets ) for automated detection of pulmonary nodules from low - dose ct scans , which is a challenging yet crucial task for lung cancer early diagnosis and treatment . different from previous standard convnets , we try to tackle the severe hard / easy sample imbalance problem in medical datasets and explore the benefits ←
→ happydb : a corpus of 100 , 000 crowdsourced happy moments ; the science of happiness is an area of positive psychology concerned with understanding what behaviors make people happy in a sustainable fashion . recently , there has been interest in developing technologies that help incorporate the findings of the science of happiness into users ' daily lives by steering them towards behaviors that increase happiness . with the goal of building technology that can understand how people express their happy moments in ←
→ a generalised framework for detailed classification of swimming paths inside the morris water maze ; the morris water maze is commonly used in behavioural neuroscience for the study of spatial learning with rodents . over the years , various methods of analysing rodent data collected in this task have been proposed . these methods span from classical performance measurements ( e . g . escape latency , rodent speed , quadrant preference ) to more sophisticated methods of categorisation which classify the animal swim ←
→ from quantitative spatial operator to qualitative spatial relation using constructive solid geometry , logic rules and optimized 9 - im model , a semantic based approach ; the constructive solid geometry ( csg ) is a data model providing a set of binary boolean operators such as union , difference and intersection . in this work , these operators are used to compute topological relations between objects defined by the constraints of the nine intersection model ( 9 - im ) from egenhofer . with the help of these constr ←
→ neural machine translation with reconstruction ; although end - to - end neural machine translation ( nmt ) has achieved remarkable progress in the past two years , it suffers from a major drawback : translations generated by nmt systems often lack of adequacy . it has been widely observed that nmt tends to repeatedly translate some source words while mistakenly ignoring other words . to alleviate this problem , we propose a novel encoder - decoder - reconstructor framework for nmt . the reconstructor , incorporated into th ←
→ recurrent 3d pose sequence machines ; 3d human articulated pose recovery from monocular image sequences is very challenging due to the diverse appearances , viewpoints , occlusions , and also the human 3d pose is inherently ambiguous from the monocular imagery . it is thus critical to exploit rich spatial and temporal long - range dependencies among body joints for accurate 3d pose sequence prediction . existing approaches usually manually design some elaborate prior terms and human body kinematic constraints for ←
→ information - theoretic interpretation of tuning curves for multiple motion directions ; we have developed an efficient information - maximization method for computing the optimal shapes of tuning curves of sensory neurons by optimizing the parameters of the underlying feedforward network model . when applied to the problem of population coding of visual motion with multiple directions , our method yields several types of tuning curves with both symmetric and asymmetric shapes that resemble what have been found ←
→ extended asp tableaux and rule redundancy in normal logic programs ; we introduce an extended tableau calculus for answer set programming ( asp ). the proof system is based on the asp tableaux defined in [ gebser & schaub , iclp 2006 ], with an added extension rule . we investigate the power of extended asp tableaux both theoretically and empirically . we study the relationship of extended asp tableaux with the extended resolution proof system defined by tseitin for sets of clauses , and separate extended asp tableau ←
→ grass : generative recursive autoencoders for shape structures ; we introduce a novel neural network architecture for encoding and synthesis of 3d shapes , particularly their structures . our key insight is that 3d shapes are effectively characterized by their hierarchical organization of parts , which reflects fundamental intra - shape relationships such as adjacency and symmetry . we develop a recursive neural net ( rvnn ) based autoencoder to map a flat , unlabeled , arbitrary part layout to a compact code . the cod ←
→ background modeling using adaptive pixelwise kernel variances in a hybrid feature space ; recent work on background subtraction has shown developments on two major fronts . in one , there has been increasing sophistication of probabilistic models , from mixtures of gaussians at each pixel [ 7 ], to kernel density estimates at each pixel [ 1 ], and more recently to joint domainrange density estimates that incorporate spatial information [ 6 ]. another line of work has shown the benefits of increasingly complex feat ←
→ instance - based inductive deep transfer learning by cross - dataset querying with locality sensitive hashing ; supervised learning models are typically trained on a single dataset and the performance of these models rely heavily on the size of the dataset , i . e ., amount of data available with the ground truth . learning algorithms try to generalize solely based on the data that is presented with during the training . in this work , we propose an inductive transfer learning method that can augment learning models ←
→ recognition of handwritten bangla basic characters and digits using convex hull based feature set ; in dealing with the problem of recognition of handwritten character patterns of varying shapes and sizes , selection of a proper feature set is important to achieve high recognition performance . the current research aims to evaluate the performance of the convex hull based feature set , i . e . 125 features in all computed over different bays attributes of the convex hull of a pattern , for effective recognition ←
→ the relationship between and / or search and variable elimination ; in this paper we compare search and inference in graphical models through the new framework of and / or search . specifically , we compare variable elimination ( ve ) and memoryintensive and / or search ( ao ) and place algorithms such as graph - based backjumping and no - good and good learning , as well as recursive conditioning [ 7 ] and value elimination [ 2 ] within the and / or search framework .←
→ affine image registration transformation estimation using a real coded genetic algorithm with sbx ; this paper describes the application of a real coded genetic algorithm ( ga ) to align two or more 2 - d images by means of image registration . the proposed search strategy is a transformation parameters - based approach involving the affine transform . the real coded ga uses simulated binary crossover ( sbx ), a parent - centric recombination operator that has shown to deliver a good performance in many optimization ←
→ toward efficient task assignment and motion planning for large scale underwater mission ; an autonomous underwater vehicle ( auv ) needs to acquire a certain degree of autonomy for any particular underwater mission to fulfill the mission objectives successfully and ensure its safety in all stages of the mission in a large scale operating filed . in this paper , a novel combinatorial conflict - free - task assignment strategy consisting an interactive engagement of a local path planner and an adaptive global route ←
→ what - and - where to match : deep spatially multiplicative integration networks for person re - identification ; matching pedestrians across disjoint camera views , known as person re - identification ( re - id ), is a challenging problem that is of importance to visual recognition and surveillance . most existing methods exploit local regions within spatial manipulation to perform matching in local correspondence . however , they essentially extract \ emph { fixed } representations from pre - divided regions for each image an ←
→ cover tree bayesian reinforcement learning ; this paper proposes an online tree - based bayesian approach for reinforcement learning . for inference , we employ a generalised context tree model . this defines a distribution on multivariate gaussian piecewise - linear models , which can be updated in closed form . the tree structure itself is constructed using the cover tree method , which remains efficient in high dimensional spaces . we combine the model with thompson sampling and approximate dynamic programming to o ←
→ extracting 3d vascular structures from microscopy images using convolutional recurrent networks ; vasculature is known to be of key biological significance , especially in the study of cancer . as such , considerable effort has been focused on the automated measurement and analysis of vasculature in medical and pre - clinical images . in tumors in particular , the vascular networks may be extremely irregular and the appearance of the individual vessels may not conform to classical descriptions of vascular appear ←
→ synthesis of near - regular natural textures ; texture synthesis is widely used in the field of computer graphics , vision , and image processing . in the present paper , a texture synthesis algorithm is proposed for near - regular natural textures with the help of a representative periodic pattern extracted from the input textures using distance matching function . local texture statistics is then analyzed against global texture statistics for non - overlapping windows of size same as periodic pattern size and a repr ←
→ towards end - to - end optimisation of functional image analysis pipelines ; the study of neurocognitive tasks requiring accurate localisation of activity often rely on functional magnetic resonance imaging , a widely adopted technique that makes use of a pipeline of data processing modules , each involving a variety of parameters . these parameters are frequently set according to the local goal of each specific module , not accounting for the rest of the pipeline . given recent success of neural network research in ←
→ budget constrained bidding by model - free reinforcement learning in display advertising ; real - time bidding ( rtb ) is almost the most important mechanism in online display advertising , where proper bid for each page view plays a vital and essential role for good marketing results . budget constrained bidding is a typical scenario in rtb mechanism where the advertisers hope to maximize total value of winning impressions under a pre - set budget constraint . however , the optimal strategy is hard to be derived due ←
→ on the selective and invariant representation of dcnn for high - resolution remote sensing image recognition ; human vision possesses strong invariance in image recognition . the cognitive capability of deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ) is close to the human visual level because of hierarchical coding directly from raw image . owing to its superiority in feature representation , dcnn has exhibited remarkable performance in scene recognition of high - resolution remote sensing ( hrrs ) images and classificat ←
→ multi - view learning over structured and non - identical outputs ; in many machine learning problems , labeled training data is limited but unlabeled data is ample . some of these problems have instances that can be factored into multiple views , each of which is nearly sufficent in determining the correct labels . in this paper we present a new algorithm for probabilistic multi - view learning which uses the idea of stochastic agreement between views as regularization . our algorithm works on structured and unstruct ←
→ the role of weight shrinking in large margin perceptron learning ; we introduce into the classical perceptron algorithm with margin a mechanism that shrinks the current weight vector as a first step of the update . if the shrinking factor is constant the resulting algorithm may be regarded as a margin - error - driven version of norma with constant learning rate . in this case we show that the allowed strength of shrinking depends on the value of the maximum margin . we also consider variable shrinking factors for ←
→ an mlp based approach for recognition of handwritten ` bangla ' numerals ; the work presented here involves the design of a multi layer perceptron ( mlp ) based pattern classifier for recognition of handwritten bangla digits using a 76 element feature vector . bangla is the second most popular script and language in the indian subcontinent and the fifth most popular language in the world . the feature set developed for representing handwritten bangla numerals here includes 24 shadow features , 16 centroid features ←
→ revisiting graph construction for fast image segmentation ; in this paper , we propose a simple but effective method for fast image segmentation . we re - examine the locality - preserving character of spectral clustering by constructing a graph over image regions with both global and local connections . our novel approach to build graph connections relies on two key observations : 1 ) local region pairs that co - occur frequently will have a high probability to reside on a common object ; 2 ) spatially distant regions ←
→ pop - up slam : semantic monocular plane slam for low - texture environments ; existing simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ) algorithms are not robust in challenging low - texture environments because there are only few salient features . the resulting sparse or semi - dense map also conveys little information for motion planning . though some work utilize plane or scene layout for dense map regularization , they require decent state estimation from other sources . in this paper , we propose real - time monocular p ←
→ how much is 131 million dollars ? putting numbers in perspective with compositional descriptions ; how much is 131 million us dollars ? to help readers put such numbers in context , we propose a new task of automatically generating short descriptions known as perspectives , e . g . "$ 131 million is about the cost to employ everyone in texas over a lunch period ". first , we collect a dataset of numeric mentions in news articles , where each mention is labeled with a set of rated perspectives . we then propose a syst ←
→ fast btg - forest - based hierarchical sub - sentential alignment ; in this paper , we propose a novel btg - forest - based alignment method . based on a fast unsupervised initialization of parameters using variational ibm models , we synchronously parse parallel sentences top - down and align hierarchically under the constraint of btg . our two - step method can achieve the same run - time and comparable translation performance as fast_align while it yields smaller phrase tables . final smt results show that our method even ou ←
→ semantic robust parsing for noun extraction from natural language queries ; this paper describes how robust parsing techniques can be fruitful applied for building a query generation module which is part of a pipelined nlp architecture aimed at process natural language queries in a restricted domain . we want to show that semantic robustness represents a key issue in those nlp systems where it is more likely to have partial and ill - formed utterances due to various factors ( e . g . noisy environments , low qual ←
→ worldtree : a corpus of explanation graphs for elementary science questions supporting multi - hop inference ; developing methods of automated inference that are able to provide users with compelling human - readable justifications for why the answer to a question is correct is critical for domains such as science and medicine , where user trust and detecting costly errors are limiting factors to adoption . one of the central barriers to training question answering models on explainable inference tasks is the la ←
→ markov random walk representations with continuous distributions ; representations based on random walks can exploit discrete data distributions for clustering and classification . we extend such representations from discrete to continuous distributions . transition probabilities are now calculated using a diffusion equation with a diffusion coefficient that inversely depends on the data density . we relate this diffusion equation to a path integral and derive the corresponding path probability measure . the fr ←
→ column generation for interaction coverage in combinatorial software testing ; this paper proposes a novel column generation framework for combinatorial software testing . in particular , it combines mathematical programming and constraint programming in a hybrid decomposition to generate covering arrays . the approach allows generating parameterized test cases with coverage guarantees between parameter interactions of a given application . compared to exhaustive testing , combinatorial test case generation re ←
→ a recommender system based on the immune network ; the immune system is a complex biological system with a highly distributed , adaptive and self - organising nature . this paper presents an artificial immune system ( ais ) that exploits some of these characteristics and is applied to the task of film recommendation by collaborative filtering ( cf ). natural evolution and in particular the immune system have not been designed for classical optimisation . however , for this problem , we are not interested in finding a ←
→ a learning algorithm for evolving cascade neural networks ; a new learning algorithm for evolving cascade neural networks ( ecnns ) is described . an ecnn starts to learn with one input node and then adding new inputs as well as new hidden neurons evolves it . the trained ecnn has a nearly minimal number of input and hidden neurons as well as connections . the algorithm was successfully applied to classify artifacts and normal segments in clinical electroencephalograms ( eegs ). the eeg segments were visually labe ←
→ multi - target regression via random linear target combinations ; multi - target regression is concerned with the simultaneous prediction of multiple continuous target variables based on the same set of input variables . it arises in several interesting industrial and environmental application domains , such as ecological modelling and energy forecasting . this paper presents an ensemble method for multi - target regression that constructs new target variables via random linear combinations of existing targets . we d ←
→ intelligent conversational bot for massive online open courses ( moocs ) ; massive online open courses ( moocs ) which were introduced in 2008 has since drawn attention around the world for both its advantages as well as criticism on its drawbacks . one of the issues in moocs which is the lack of interactivity with the instructor has brought conversational bot into the picture to fill in this gap . in this study , a prototype of moocs conversational bot , mooc - bot is being developed and integrated into moocs websit ←
→ conjure revisited : towards automated constraint modelling ; automating the constraint modelling process is one of the key challenges facing the constraints field , and one of the principal obstacles preventing widespread adoption of constraint solving . this paper focuses on the refinement - based approach to automated modelling , where a user specifies a problem in an abstract constraint specification language and it is then automatically refined into a constraint model . in particular , we revisit the conjure sy ←
→ low - dimensional embeddings for interpretable anchor - based topic inference ; the anchor words algorithm performs provably efficient topic model inference by finding an approximate convex hull in a high - dimensional word co - occurrence space . however , the existing greedy algorithm often selects poor anchor words , reducing topic quality and interpretability . rather than finding an approximate convex hull in a high - dimensional space , we propose to find an exact convex hull in a visualizable 2 - or 3 - dimensional ←
→$ ν $- net : deep learning for generalized biventricular cardiac mass and function parameters ; background : cardiac mri derived biventricular mass and function parameters , such as end - systolic volume ( esv ), end - diastolic volume ( edv ), ejection fraction ( ef ), stroke volume ( sv ), and ventricular mass ( vm ) are clinically well established . image segmentation can be challenging and time - consuming , due to the complex anatomy of the human heart . objectives : this study introduces $\ nu $- net (/ nju : n $\ varepsilon $ t /) -←
→ constraint - free graphical model with fast learning algorithm ; in this paper , we propose a simple , versatile model for learning the structure and parameters of multivariate distributions from a data set . learning a markov network from a given data set is not a simple problem , because markov networks rigorously represent markov properties , and this rigor imposes complex constraints on the design of the networks . our proposed model removes these constraints , acquiring important aspects from the information ge ←
→ the kb paradigm and its application to interactive configuration ; the knowledge base paradigm aims to express domain knowledge in a rich formal language , and to use this domain knowledge as a knowledge base to solve various problems and tasks that arise in the domain by applying multiple forms of inference . as such , the paradigm applies a strict separation of concerns between information and problem solving . in this paper , we analyze the principles and feasibility of the knowledge base paradigm in the cont ←
→ translating domain - specific expressions in knowledge bases with neural machine translation ; our work presented in this paper focuses on the translation of domain - specific expressions represented in semantically structured resources , like ontologies or knowledge graphs . to make knowledge accessible beyond language borders , these resources need to be translated into different languages . the challenge of translating labels or terminological expressions represented in ontologies lies in the highly specific v ←
→ exploration vs exploitation vs safety : risk - averse multi - armed bandits ; motivated by applications in energy management , this paper presents the multi - armed risk - aware bandit ( marab ) algorithm . with the goal of limiting the exploration of risky arms , marab takes as arm quality its conditional value at risk . when the user - supplied risk level goes to 0 , the arm quality tends toward the essential infimum of the arm distribution density , and marab tends toward the min multi - armed bandit algorithm , aimed at the ←
→ the analysis of local motion and deformation in image sequences inspired by physical electromagnetic interaction ; in order to analyze the moving and deforming of the objects in image sequence , a novel way is presented to analyze the local changes of object edges between two related images ( such as two adjacent frames in a video sequence ), which is inspired by the physical electromagnetic interaction . the changes of edge between adjacent frames in sequences are analyzed by simulation of virtual current in ←
→ recurrent models of visual attention ; applying convolutional neural networks to large images is computationally expensive because the amount of computation scales linearly with the number of image pixels . we present a novel recurrent neural network model that is capable of extracting information from an image or video by adaptively selecting a sequence of regions or locations and only processing the selected regions at high resolution . like convolutional neural networks , the proposed model has a degree of ←
→ natural images from the birthplace of the human eye ; here we introduce a database of calibrated natural images publicly available through an easy - to - use web interface . using a nikon d70 digital slr camera , we acquired about 5000 six - megapixel images of okavango delta of botswana , a tropical savanna habitat similar to where the human eye is thought to have evolved . some sequences of images were captured unsystematically while following a baboon troop , while others were designed to vary a single parameter su ←
→ aging , double helix and small world property in genetic algorithms ; over a quarter of century after the invention of genetic algorithms and miriads of their modifications , as well as successful implementations , we are still lacking many essential details of thorough analysis of it ' s inner working . one of such fundamental questions is : how many generations do we need to solve the optimization problem ? this paper tries to answer this question , albeit in a fuzzy way , making use of the double helix concept . as ←
→ estimation of english and non - english language use on the www ; the world wide web has grown so big , in such an anarchic fashion , that it is difficult to describe . one of the evident intrinsic characteristics of the world wide web is its multilinguality . here , we present a technique for estimating the size of a language - specific corpus given the frequency of commonly occurring words in the corpus . we apply this technique to estimating the number of words available through web browsers for given languages . c ←
→ transparent model distillation ; model distillation was originally designed to distill knowledge from a large , complex teacher model to a faster , simpler student model without significant loss in prediction accuracy . we investigate model distillation for another goal -- transparency -- investigating if fully - connected neural networks can be distilled into models that are transparent or interpretable in some sense . our teacher models are multilayer perceptrons , and we try two types of student models : ( 1 ) tre ←
→ lepor : an augmented machine translation evaluation metric ; machine translation ( mt ) was developed as one of the hottest research topics in the natural language processing ( nlp ) literature . one important issue in mt is that how to evaluate the mt system reasonably and tell us whether the translation system makes an improvement or not . the traditional manual judgment methods are expensive , time - consuming , unrepeatable , and sometimes with low agreement . on the other hand , the popular automatic mt evaluation m ←
→ online nonparametric regression ; we establish optimal rates for online regression for arbitrary classes of regression functions in terms of the sequential entropy introduced in ( rakhlin , sridharan , tewari , 2010 ). the optimal rates are shown to exhibit a phase transition analogous to the i . i . d ./ statistical learning case , studied in ( rakhlin , sridharan , tsybakov 2013 ). in the frequently encountered situation when sequential entropy and i . i . d . empirical entropy match , our results point to the interesting phen ←
→ iteratively reweighted least squares algorithms for l1 - norm principal component analysis ; principal component analysis ( pca ) is often used to reduce the dimension of data by selecting a few orthonormal vectors that explain most of the variance structure of the data . l1 pca uses the l1 norm to measure error , whereas the conventional pca uses the l2 norm . for the l1 pca problem minimizing the fitting error of the reconstructed data , we propose an exact reweighted and an approximate algorithm based on itera ←
→ continuous deep q - learning with model - based acceleration ; model - free reinforcement learning has been successfully applied to a range of challenging problems , and has recently been extended to handle large neural network policies and value functions . however , the sample complexity of model - free algorithms , particularly when using high - dimensional function approximators , tends to limit their applicability to physical systems . in this paper , we explore algorithms and representations to reduce the sample compl ←
→ supervised classification : quite a brief overview ; the original problem of supervised classification considers the task of automatically assigning objects to their respective classes on the basis of numerical measurements derived from these objects . classifiers are the tools that implement the actual functional mapping from these measurements --- also called features or inputs --- to the so - called class label --- or output . the fields of pattern recognition and machine learning study ways of constructing such cl ←
→ linearized and single - pass belief propagation ; how can we tell when accounts are fake or real in a social network ? and how can we tell which accounts belong to liberal , conservative or centrist users ? often , we can answer such questions and label nodes in a network based on the labels of their neighbors and appropriate assumptions of homophily (" birds of a feather flock together ") or heterophily (" opposites attract "). one of the most widely used methods for this kind of inference is belief propagation ( bp )←
→ neurology - as - a - service for the developing world ; electroencephalography ( eeg ) is an extensively - used and well - studied technique in the field of medical diagnostics and treatment for brain disorders , including epilepsy , migraines , and tumors . the analysis and interpretation of eegs require physicians to have specialized training , which is not common even among most doctors in the developed world , let alone the developing world where physician shortages plague society . this problem can be addressed by teleee ←
→ the landscape of empirical risk for non - convex losses ; most high - dimensional estimation and prediction methods propose to minimize a cost function ( empirical risk ) that is written as a sum of losses associated to each data point . in this paper we focus on the case of non - convex losses , which is practically important but still poorly understood . classical empirical process theory implies uniform convergence of the empirical risk to the population risk . while uniform convergence implies consistency of the re ←
→ solving optimization problems by the public goods game ; we introduce a method based on the public goods game for solving optimization tasks . in particular , we focus on the traveling salesman problem , i . e . a np - hard problem whose search space exponentially grows increasing the number of cities . the proposed method considers a population whose agents are provided with a random solution to the given problem . in doing so , agents interact by playing the public goods game using the fitness of their solution as c ←
→ semantic - ontological combination of business rules and business processes in it service management ; it service management deals with managing a broad range of items related to complex system environments . as there is both , a close connection to business interests and it infrastructure , the application of semantic expressions which are seamlessly integrated within applications for managing itsm environments , can help to improve transparency and profitability . this paper focuses on the challenges regarding ←
→ compressive optical deflectometric tomography : a constrained total - variation minimization approach ; optical deflectometric tomography ( odt ) provides an accurate characterization of transparent materials whose complex surfaces present a real challenge for manufacture and control . in odt , the refractive index map ( rim ) of a transparent object is reconstructed by measuring light deflection under multiple orientations . we show that this imaging modality can be made " compressive ", i . e ., a correct rim reconstr ←
→ concise radiometric calibration using the power of ranking ; compared with raw images , the more common jpeg images are less useful for machine vision algorithms and professional photographers because jpeg - srgb does not preserve a linear relation between pixel values and the light measured from the scene . a camera is said to be radiometrically calibrated if there is a computational model which can predict how the raw linear sensor image is mapped to the corresponding rendered image ( e . g . jpegs ) and vice vers ←
→ compression of fully - connected layer in neural network by kronecker product ; in this paper we propose and study a technique to reduce the number of parameters and computation time in fully - connected layers of neural networks using kronecker product , at a mild cost of the prediction quality . the technique proceeds by replacing fully - connected layers with so - called kronecker fully - connected layers , where the weight matrices of the fc layers are approximated by linear combinations of multiple kronecker prod ←
→ extending and improving wordnet via unsupervised word embeddings ; this work presents an unsupervised approach for improving wordnet that builds upon recent advances in document and sense representation via distributional semantics . we apply our methods to construct wordnets in french and russian , languages which both lack good manual constructions . 1 these are evaluated on two new 600 - word test sets for word - to - synset matching and found to improve greatly upon synset recall , outperforming the best automated ←
→ approximate discrete probability distribution representation using a multi - resolution binary tree ; computing and storing probabilities is a hard problem as soon as one has to deal with complex distributions over multiple random variables . the problem of efficient representation of probability distributions is central in term of computational efficiency in the field of probabilistic reasoning . the main problem arises when dealing with joint probability distributions over a set of random variables : they ar ←
→ beyond planar symmetry : modeling human perception of reflection and rotation symmetries in the wild ; humans take advantage of real world symmetries for various tasks , yet capturing their superb symmetry perception mechanism with a computational model remains elusive . motivated by a new study demonstrating the extremely high inter - person accuracy of human perceived symmetries in the wild , we have constructed the first deep - learning neural network for reflection and rotation symmetry detection ( sym - net ), t ←
→ algebraic foundations for qualitative calculi and networks ; a qualitative representation $\ phi $ is like an ordinary representation of a relation algebra , but instead of requiring $( a ; b )^\ phi = a ^\ phi | b ^\ phi $, as we do for ordinary representations , we only require that $ c ^\ phi \ supseteq a ^\ phi | b ^\ phi \ iff c \ geq a ; b $, for each $ c $ in the algebra . a constraint network is qualitatively satisfiable if its nodes can be mapped to elements of a qualitative representation , preserving the constraints . if a con ←
→ an empirical comparison of simple domain adaptation methods for neural machine translation ; in this paper , we propose a novel domain adaptation method named " mixed fine tuning " for neural machine translation ( nmt ). we combine two existing approaches namely fine tuning and multi domain nmt . we first train an nmt model on an out - of - domain parallel corpus , and then fine tune it on a parallel corpus which is a mix of the in - domain and out - of - domain corpora . all corpora are augmented with artificial tags to i ←
→ learning the kernel for classification and regression ; we investigate a series of learning kernel problems with polynomial combinations of base kernels , which will help us solve regression and classification problems . we also perform some numerical experiments of polynomial kernels with regression and classification tasks on different datasets .←
→ graphical models : an extension to random graphs , trees , and other objects ; in this work , we consider an extension of graphical models to random graphs , trees , and other objects . to do this , many fundamental concepts for multivariate random variables ( e . g ., marginal variables , gibbs distribution , markov properties ) must be extended to other mathematical objects ; it turns out that this extension is possible , as we will discuss , if we have a consistent , complete system of projections on a given object . each ←
→ a conjugate property between loss functions and uncertainty sets in classification problems ; in binary classification problems , mainly two approaches have been proposed ; one is loss function approach and the other is uncertainty set approach . the loss function approach is applied to major learning algorithms such as support vector machine ( svm ) and boosting methods . the loss function represents the penalty of the decision function on the training samples . in the learning algorithm , the empirical mean of ←
→ multi - step - ahead time series prediction using multiple - output support vector regression ; accurate time series prediction over long future horizons is challenging and of great interest to both practitioners and academics . as a well - known intelligent algorithm , the standard formulation of support vector regression ( svr ) could be taken for multi - step - ahead time series prediction , only relying either on iterated strategy or direct strategy . this study proposes a novel multiple - step - ahead time series predicti ←
→ solving the l1 regularized least square problem via a box - constrained smooth minimization ; in this paper , an equivalent smooth minimization for the l1 regularized least square problem is proposed . the proposed problem is a convex box - constrained smooth minimization which allows applying fast optimization methods to find its solution . further , it is investigated that the property " the dual of dual is primal " holds for the l1 regularized least square problem . a solver for the smooth problem is proposed , an ←
→ deep transfer learning for person re - identification ; person re - identification ( re - id ) poses a unique challenge to deep learning : how to learn a deep model with millions of parameters on a small training set of few or no labels . in this paper , a number of deep transfer learning models are proposed to address the data sparsity problem . first , a deep network architecture is designed which differs from existing deep re - id models in that ( a ) it is more suitable for transferring representations learned from larg ←
→ large - scale multiview 3d hand pose dataset ; accurate hand pose estimation at joint level has several uses on human - robot interaction , user interfacing and virtual reality applications . yet , it currently is not a solved problem . the novel deep learning techniques could make a great improvement on this matter but they need a huge amount of annotated data . the hand pose datasets released so far present some issues that make them impossible to use on deep learning methods such as the few number of samples , hig ←
→ human experts vs . machines in taxa recognition ; biomonitoring of waterbodies is vital as the number of anthropogenic stressors on aquatic ecosystems keeps growing . however , the continuous decrease in funding makes it impossible to meet monitoring goals or sustain traditional manual sample processing . in this paper , we review what kind of statistical tools can be used to enhance the cost efficiency of biomonitoring : we explore automated identification of freshwater macroinvertebrates which are used as one i ←
→ multimodal pivots for image caption translation ; we present an approach to improve statistical machine translation of image descriptions by multimodal pivots defined in visual space . the key idea is to perform image retrieval over a database of images that are captioned in the target language , and use the captions of the most similar images for crosslingual reranking of translation outputs . our approach does not depend on the availability of large amounts of in - domain parallel data , but only relies on avai ←
→ superconducting optoelectronic circuits for neuromorphic computing ; neural networks have proven effective for solving many difficult computational problems . implementing complex neural networks in software is very computationally expensive . to explore the limits of information processing , it will be necessary to implement new hardware platforms with large numbers of neurons , each with a large number of connections to other neurons . here we propose a hybrid semiconductor - superconductor hardware platform for ←
→ training an interactive humanoid robot using multimodal deep reinforcement learning ; training robots to perceive , act and communicate using multiple modalities still represents a challenging problem , particularly if robots are expected to learn efficiently from small sets of example interactions . we describe a learning approach as a step in this direction , where we teach a humanoid robot how to play the game of noughts and crosses . given that multiple multimodal skills can be trained to play this game , w ←
→ neural taylor approximations : convergence and exploration in rectifier networks ; modern convolutional networks , incorporating rectifiers and max - pooling , are neither smooth nor convex . standard guarantees therefore do not apply . nevertheless , methods from convex optimization such as gradient descent and adam are widely used as building blocks for deep learning algorithms . this paper provides the first convergence guarantee applicable to modern convnets . the guarantee matches a lower bound for convex nons ←
→ learning over long time lags ; the advantage of recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) in learning dependencies between time - series data has distinguished rnns from other deep learning models . recently , many advances are proposed in this emerging field . however , there is a lack of comprehensive review on memory models in rnns in the literature . this paper provides a fundamental review on rnns and long short term memory ( lstm ) model . then , provides a surveys of recent advances in different memory enhancements and ←
→ using neural network to propose solutions to threats in attack patterns ; in the last decade , a lot of effort has been put into securing software application during development in the software industry . software security is a research field in this area which looks at how security can be weaved into software at each phase of software development lifecycle ( sdlc ). the use of attack patterns is one of the approaches that have been proposed for integrating security during the design phase of sdlc . while this a ←
→ using argument - based features to predict and analyse review helpfulness ; we study the helpful product reviews identification problem in this paper . we observe that the evidence - conclusion discourse relations , also known as arguments , often appear in product reviews , and we hypothesise that some argument - based features , e . g . the percentage of argumentative sentences , the evidences - conclusions ratios , are good indicators of helpful reviews . to validate this hypothesis , we manually annotate arguments in 110 h ←
→ an empirical study on budget - aware online kernel algorithms for streams of graphs ; kernel methods are considered an effective technique for on - line learning . many approaches have been developed for compactly representing the dual solution of a kernel method when the problem imposes memory constraints . however , in literature no work is specifically tailored to streams of graphs . motivated by the fact that the size of the feature space representation of many state - of - the - art graph kernels is relatively sma ←
→ video captioning via hierarchical reinforcement learning ; video captioning is the task of automatically generating a textual description of the actions in a video . although previous work ( e . g . sequence - to - sequence model ) has shown promising results in abstracting a coarse description of a short video , it is still very challenging to caption a video containing multiple fine - grained actions with a detailed description . this paper aims to address the challenge by proposing a novel hierarchical reinforcement l ←
→ neural multi - source morphological reinflection ; we explore the task of multi - source morphological reinflection , which generalizes the standard , single - source version . the input consists of ( i ) a target tag and ( ii ) multiple pairs of source form and source tag for a lemma . the motivation is that it is beneficial to have access to more than one source form since different source forms can provide complementary information , e . g ., different stems . we further present a novel extension to the encoder - decoder re ←
→ distance function of d numbers ; dempster - shafer theory is widely applied in uncertainty modelling and knowledge reasoning due to its ability of expressing uncertain information . a distance between two basic probability assignments ( bpas ) presents a measure of performance for identification algorithms based on the evidential theory of dempster - shafer . however , some conditions lead to limitations in practical application for dempster - shafer theory , such as exclusiveness hypothesis and completeness constraint .←
→ indian regional movie dataset for recommender systems ; indian regional movie dataset is the first database of regional indian movies , users and their ratings . it consists of movies belonging to 18 different indian regional languages and metadata of users with varying demographics . through this dataset , the diversity of indian regional cinema and its huge viewership is captured . we analyze the dataset that contains roughly 10k ratings of 919 users and 2 , 851 movies using some supervised and unsupervised coll ←
→ string and membrane gaussian processes ; in this paper we introduce a novel framework for making exact nonparametric bayesian inference on latent functions , that is particularly suitable for big data tasks . firstly , we introduce a class of stochastic processes we refer to as string gaussian processes ( string gps ), which are not to be mistaken for gaussian processes operating on text . we construct string gps so that their finite - dimensional marginals exhibit suitable local conditional independence structures ←
→ a unifying view of multiple kernel learning ; recent research on multiple kernel learning has lead to a number of approaches for combining kernels in regularized risk minimization . the proposed approaches include different formulations of objectives and varying regularization strategies . in this paper we present a unifying general optimization criterion for multiple kernel learning and show how existing formulations are subsumed as special cases . we also derive the criterion ' s dual representation , which is ←
→ gonet : a semi - supervised deep learning approach for traversability estimation ; we present semi - supervised deep learning approaches for traversability estimation from fisheye images . our method , gonet , and the proposed extensions leverage generative adversarial networks ( gans ) to effectively predict whether the area seen in the input image ( s ) is safe for a robot to traverse . these methods are trained with many positive images of traversable places , but just a small set of negative images depicting blocked ←
→ improving brain storm optimization algorithm via simplex search ; through modeling human ' s brainstorming process , the brain storm optimization ( bso ) algorithm has become a promising population based evolution algorithm . however , bso is often good at global exploration but not good enough at local exploitation , just like most global optimization algorithms . in this paper , the nelder - mead ' s simplex ( nms ) method is adopted in a simple version of bso . our goal is to combine bso ' s exploration ability and nms ' s e ←
→ towards the success rate of one : real - time unconstrained salient object detection ; in this work , we propose an efficient and effective approach for unconstrained salient object detection in images using deep convolutional neural networks . instead of generating thousands of candidate bounding boxes and refining them , our network directly learns to generate the saliency map containing the exact number of salient objects . during training , we convert the ground - truth rectangular boxes to gaussian distributio ←
→ pose - invariant face alignment with a single cnn ; face alignment has witnessed substantial progress in the last decade . one of the recent focuses has been aligning a dense 3d face shape to face images with large head poses . the dominant technology used is based on the cascade of regressors , e . g ., cnn , which has shown promising results . nonetheless , the cascade of cnns suffers from several drawbacks , e . g ., lack of end - to - end training , hand - crafted features and slow training speed . to address these issues , we ←
→ a short note on extension theorems and their connection to universal consistency in machine learning ; statistical machine learning plays an important role in modern statistics and computer science . one main goal of statistical machine learning is to provide universally consistent algorithms , i . e ., the estimator converges in probability or in some stronger sense to the bayes risk or to the bayes decision function . kernel methods based on minimizing the regularized risk over a reproducing kernel hilbert sp ←
→ history pca : a new algorithm for streaming pca ; in this paper we propose a new algorithm for streaming principal component analysis . with limited memory , small devices cannot store all the samples in the high - dimensional regime . streaming principal component analysis aims to find the $ k $- dimensional subspace which can explain the most variation of the $ d $- dimensional data points that come into memory sequentially . in order to deal with large $ d $ and large $ n $ ( number of samples ), most streaming pca algorit ←
→ kernel approximation methods for speech recognition ; we study large - scale kernel methods for acoustic modeling in speech recognition and compare their performance to deep neural networks ( dnns ). we perform experiments on four speech recognition datasets , including the timit and broadcast news benchmark tasks , and compare these two types of models on frame - level performance metrics ( accuracy , cross - entropy ), as well as on recognition metrics ( word / character error rate ). in order to scale kernel methods to t ←
→ local system voting feature for machine translation system combination ; in this paper , we enhance the traditional confusion network system combination approach with an additional model trained by a neural network . this work is motivated by the fact that the commonly used binary system voting models only assign each input system a global weight which is responsible for the global impact of each input system on all translations . this prevents individual systems with low system weights from having influence o ←
→ statistical translation , heat kernels and expected distances ; high dimensional structured data such as text and images is often poorly understood and misrepresented in statistical modeling . the standard histogram representation suffers from high variance and performs poorly in general . we explore novel connections between statistical translation , heat kernels on manifolds and graphs , and expected distances . these connections provide a new framework for unsupervised metric learning for text documents . exper ←
→ fast ( er ) exact decoding and global training for transition - based dependency parsing via a minimal feature set ; we first present a minimal feature set for transition - based dependency parsing , continuing a recent trend started by kiperwasser and goldberg ( 2016a ) and cross and huang ( 2016a ) of using bi - directional lstm features . we plug our minimal feature set into the dynamic - programming framework of huang and sagae ( 2010 ) and kuhlmann et al . ( 2011 ) to produce the first implementation of worst - case o ( n ^ 3 ) ←
→ probabilistic bag - of - hyperlinks model for entity linking ; many fundamental problems in natural language processing rely on determining what entities appear in a given text . commonly referenced as entity linking , this step is a fundamental component of many nlp tasks such as text understanding , automatic summarization , semantic search or machine translation . name ambiguity , word polysemy , context dependencies and a heavy - tailed distribution of entities contribute to the complexity of this problem . we here ←
→ an improved neural segmentation method based on u - net ; neural segmentation has a great impact on the smooth implementation of local anesthesia surgery . at present , the network for the segmentation includes u - net [ 1 ] and segnet [ 2 ]. u - net network has short training time and less training parameters , but the depth is not deep enough . segnet network has deeper structure , but it needs longer training time , and more training samples . in this paper , we propose an improved u - net neural network for the segmentatio ←
→ a novel scheme for binarization of vehicle images using hierarchical histogram equalization technique ; automatic license plate recognition system is a challenging area of research now - a - days and binarization is an integral and most important part of it . in case of a real life scenario , most of existing methods fail to properly binarize the image of a vehicle in a congested road , captured through a ccd camera . in the current work we have applied histogram equalization technique over the complete image and ←
→ compression - aware training of deep networks ; in recent years , great progress has been made in a variety of application domains thanks to the development of increasingly deeper neural networks . unfortunately , the huge number of units of these networks makes them expensive both computationally and memory - wise . to overcome this , exploiting the fact that deep networks are over - parametrized , several compression strategies have been proposed . these methods , however , typically start from a network that has been t ←
→ efficient neural architecture search via parameter sharing ; we propose efficient neural architecture search ( enas ), a fast and inexpensive approach for automatic model design . in enas , a controller learns to discover neural network architectures by searching for an optimal subgraph within a large computational graph . the controller is trained with policy gradient to select a subgraph that maximizes the expected reward on the validation set . meanwhile the model corresponding to the selected subgraph is trai ←
→ probabilistic zero - shot classification with semantic rankings ; in this paper we propose a non - metric ranking - based representation of semantic similarity that allows natural aggregation of semantic information from multiple heterogeneous sources . we apply the ranking - based representation to zero - shot learning problems , and present deterministic and probabilistic zero - shot classifiers which can be built from pre - trained classifiers without retraining . we demonstrate their the advantages on two large real - wor ←
→ mav stabilization using machine learning and onboard sensors ; in many situations , miniature aerial vehicles ( mavs ) are limited to using only on - board sensors for navigation . this limits the data available to algorithms used for stabilization and localization , and current control methods are often insufficient to allow reliable hovering in place or trajectory following . in this research , we explore using machine learning to predict the drift ( flight path errors ) of an mav while executing a desired flight pa ←
→ urban land cover classification with missing data using deep convolutional neural networks ; automatic urban land cover classification is a classical problem in remote sensing and good urban land cover maps build the foundation for many tasks , such as e . g . environmental monitoring . it is a particularly challenging problem , as classes generally have high inter - class and low intra - class variance . a common technique to improve urban land cover classification performance in remote sensing is the fusing of dat ←
→ clustering patients with tensor decomposition ; in this paper we present a method for the unsupervised clustering of high - dimensional binary data , with a special focus on electronic healthcare records . we present a robust and efficient heuristic to face this problem using tensor decomposition . we present the reasons why this approach is preferable for tasks such as clustering patient records , to more commonly used distance - based methods . we run the algorithm on two datasets of healthcare records , obtaining ←
→ detecting ( un ) important content for single - document news summarization ; we present a robust approach for detecting intrinsic sentence importance in news , by training on two corpora of document - summary pairs . when used for single - document summarization , our approach , combined with the " beginning of document " heuristic , outperforms a state - of - the - art summarizer and the beginning - of - article baseline in both automatic and manual evaluations . these results represent an important advance because in the absence o ←
→ automatic liver segmentation method in ct images ; the aim of this work is to develop a method for automatic segmentation of the liver based on a priori knowledge of the image , such as location and shape of the liver .←
→ neural - based machine translation for medical text domain . based on european medicines agency leaflet texts ; the quality of machine translation is rapidly evolving . today one can find several machine translation systems on the web that provide reasonable translations , although the systems are not perfect . in some specific domains , the quality may decrease . a recently proposed approach to this domain is neural machine translation . it aims at building a jointly - tuned single neural network that maximizes tra ←
→ embedded platforms for computer vision - based advanced driver assistance systems : a survey ; computer vision , either alone or combined with other technologies such as radar or lidar , is one of the key technologies used in advanced driver assistance systems ( adas ). its role understanding and analysing the driving scene is of great importance as it can be noted by the number of adas applications that use this technology . however , porting a vision algorithm to an embedded automotive system is still very chall ←
→ clickbait detection in tweets using self - attentive network ; clickbait detection in tweets remains an elusive challenge . in this paper , we describe the solution for the zingel clickbait detector at the clickbait challenge 2017 , which is capable of evaluating each tweet ' s level of click baiting . we first reformat the regression problem as a multi - classification problem , based on the annotation scheme . to perform multi - classification , we apply a token - level , self - attentive mechanism on the hidden states of bi ←
→ label - driven weakly - supervised learning for multimodal deformable image registration ; spatially aligning medical images from different modalities remains a challenging task , especially for intraoperative applications that require fast and robust algorithms . we propose a weakly - supervised , label - driven formulation for learning 3d voxel correspondence from higher - level label correspondence , thereby bypassing classical intensity - based image similarity measures . during training , a convolutional neural networ ←
→ deep convolutional acoustic word embeddings using word - pair side information ; recent studies have been revisiting whole words as the basic modelling unit in speech recognition and query applications , instead of phonetic units . such whole - word segmental systems rely on a function that maps a variable - length speech segment to a vector in a fixed - dimensional space ; the resulting acoustic word embeddings need to allow for accurate discrimination between different word types , directly in the embedding space . ←
→ effective combination of language and vision through model composition and the r - cca method ; we address the problem of integrating textual and visual information in vector space models for word meaning representation . we first present the residual cca ( r - cca ) method , that complements the standard cca method by representing , for each modality , the difference between the original signal and the signal projected to the shared , max correlation , space . we then show that constructing visual and textual represe ←
→ combined a *- ants algorithm : a new multi - parameter vehicle navigation scheme ; in this paper a multi - parameter a *( a - star )- ants based algorithm is proposed in order to find the best optimized multi - parameter path between two desired points in regions . this algorithm recognizes paths , according to user desired parameters using electronic maps . the proposed algorithm is a combination of a * and ants algorithm in which the proposed a * algorithm is the prologue to the suggested ant based algorithm . in fact , thi ←
→ rapid : rapidly accelerated proximal gradient algorithms for convex minimization ; in this paper , we propose a new algorithm to speed - up the convergence of accelerated proximal gradient ( apg ) methods . in order to minimize a convex function $ f (\ mathbf { x })$, our algorithm introduces a simple line search step after each proximal gradient step in apg so that a biconvex function $ f (\ theta \ mathbf { x })$ is minimized over scalar variable $\ theta > 0 $ while fixing variable $\ mathbf { x }$. we propose two new ways of cons ←
→ deep gaussian processes with decoupled inducing inputs ; deep gaussian processes ( dgp ) are hierarchical generalizations of gaussian processes ( gp ) that have proven to work effectively on a multiple supervised regression tasks . they combine the well calibrated uncertainty estimates of gps with the great flexibility of multilayer models . in dgps , given the inputs , the outputs of the layers are gaussian distributions parameterized by their means and covariances . these layers are realized as sparse gps where th ←
→ actor - critic sequence training for image captioning ; generating natural language descriptions of images is an important capability for a robot or other visual - intelligence driven ai agent that may need to communicate with human users about what it is seeing . such image captioning methods are typically trained by maximising the likelihood of ground - truth annotated caption given the image . while simple and easy to implement , this approach does not directly maximise the language quality metrics we care about ←
→ clustering with same - cluster queries ; we propose a framework for semi - supervised active clustering framework ( ssac ), where the learner is allowed to interact with a domain expert , asking whether two given instances belong to the same cluster or not . we study the query and computational complexity of clustering in this framework . we consider a setting where the expert conforms to a center - based clustering with a notion of margin . we show that there is a trade off between computational complexity and query c ←
→ efficient hierarchical markov random fields for object detection on a mobile robot ; object detection and classification using video is necessary for intelligent planning and navigation on a mobile robot . however , current methods can be too slow or not sufficient for distinguishing multiple classes . techniques that rely on binary ( foreground / background ) labels incorrectly identify areas with multiple overlapping objects as single segment . we propose two hierarchical markov random field models in efforts t ←
→ few - shot learning with graph neural networks ; we propose to study the problem of few - shot learning with the prism of inference on a partially observed graphical model , constructed from a collection of input images whose label can be either observed or not . by assimilating generic message - passing inference algorithms with their neural - network counterparts , we define a graph neural network architecture that generalizes several of the recently proposed few - shot learning models . besides providing improved nume ←
→ wayla - generating images from eye movements ; we present a method for reconstructing images viewed by observers based only on their eye movements . by exploring the relationships between gaze patterns and image stimuli , the " what are you looking at ?" ( wayla ) system learns to synthesize photo - realistic images that are similar to the original pictures being viewed . the wayla approach is based on the conditional generative adversarial network ( conditional gan ) image - to - image translation technique of isola et a ←
→ red - net : a recurrent encoder - decoder network for video - based face alignment ; we propose a novel method for real - time face alignment in videos based on a recurrent encoder - decoder network model . our proposed model predicts 2d facial point heat maps regularized by both detection and regression loss , while uniquely exploiting recurrent learning at both spatial and temporal dimensions . at the spatial level , we add a feedback loop connection between the combined output response map and the input , in order to ←
→ an integrated graphical user interface for debugging answer set programs ; answer set programming ( asp ) is an expressive knowledge representation and reasoning framework . due to its rather simple syntax paired with high - performance solvers , asp is interesting for industrial applications . however , to err is human and thus debugging is an important activity during the development process . therefore , tools for debugging non - ground answer set programs are needed . in this paper , we present a new graphical debugg ←
→ semi - automatic segmentation and ultrasonic characterization of solid breast lesions ; characterization of breast lesions is an essential prerequisite to detect breast cancer in an early stage . automatic segmentation makes this categorization method robust by freeing it from subjectivity and human error . both spectral and morphometric features are successfully used for differentiating between benign and malignant breast lesions . in this thesis , we used empirical mode decomposition method for semi - automatic ←
→ accelerated distributed dual averaging over evolving networks of growing connectivity ; we consider the problem of accelerating distributed optimization in multi - agent networks by sequentially adding edges . specifically , we extend the distributed dual averaging ( dda ) subgradient algorithm to evolving networks of growing connectivity and analyze the corresponding improvement in convergence rate . it is known that the convergence rate of dda is influenced by the algebraic connectivity of the underlying netwo ←
→ disjunctive answer set solvers via templates ; answer set programming is a declarative programming paradigm oriented towards difficult combinatorial search problems . a fundamental task in answer set programming is to compute stable models , i . e ., solutions of logic programs . answer set solvers are the programs that perform this task . the problem of deciding whether a disjunctive program has a stable model is $\ sigma ^ p_2 $- complete . the high complexity of reasoning within disjunctive logic programming is respo ←
→ constraint answer set solver ezcsp and why integration schemas matter ; researchers in answer set programming and constraint programming have spent significant efforts in the development of hybrid languages and solving algorithms combining the strengths of these traditionally separate fields . these efforts resulted in a new research area : constraint answer set programming . constraint answer set programming languages and systems proved to be successful at providing declarative , yet efficient solutions to pro ←
→ swapout : learning an ensemble of deep architectures ; we describe swapout , a new stochastic training method , that outperforms resnets of identical network structure yielding impressive results on cifar - 10 and cifar - 100 . swapout samples from a rich set of architectures including dropout , stochastic depth and residual architectures as special cases . when viewed as a regularization method swapout not only inhibits co - adaptation of units in a layer , similar to dropout , but also across network layers . we conject ←
→ the fuzzy gene filter : a classifier performance assesment ; the fuzzy gene filter ( fgf ) is an optimised fuzzy inference system designed to rank genes in order of differential expression , based on expression data generated in a microarray experiment . this paper examines the effectiveness of the fgf for feature selection using various classification architectures . the fgf is compared to three of the most common gene ranking algorithms : t - test , wilcoxon test and roc curve analysis . four classification schemes ←
→ unsupervised classification of intrusive igneous rock thin section images using edge detection and colour analysis ; classification of rocks is one of the fundamental tasks in a geological study . the process requires a human expert to examine sampled thin section images under a microscope . in this study , we propose a method that uses microscope automation , digital image acquisition , edge detection and colour analysis ( histogram ). we collected 60 digital images from 20 standard thin sections using a digita ←
→ geometric deep learning on graphs and manifolds using mixture model cnns ; deep learning has achieved a remarkable performance breakthrough in several fields , most notably in speech recognition , natural language processing , and computer vision . in particular , convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architectures currently produce state - of - the - art performance on a variety of image analysis tasks such as object detection and recognition . most of deep learning research has so far focused on dealing with 1d , 2d , or ←
→ intelligent personal assistant with knowledge navigation ; an intelligent personal agent ( ipa ) is an agent that has the purpose of helping the user to gain information through reliable resources with the help of knowledge navigation techniques and saving time to search the best content . the agent is also responsible for responding to the chat - based queries with the help of conversation corpus . we will be testing different methods for optimal query generation . to felicitate the ease of usage of the applicati ←
→ on the existence and multiplicity of extensions in dialectical argumentation ; in the present paper , the existence and multiplicity problems of extensions are addressed . the focus is on extension of the stable type . the main result of the paper is an elegant characterization of the existence and multiplicity of extensions in terms of the notion of dialectical justification , a close cousin of the notion of admissibility . the characterization is given in the context of the particular logic for dialectical a ←
→ hyperspectral unmixing with endmember variability using semi - supervised partial membership latent dirichlet allocation ; a semi - supervised partial membership latent dirichlet allocation approach is developed for hyperspectral unmixing and endmember estimation while accounting for spectral variability and spatial information . partial membership latent dirichlet allocation is an effective approach for spectral unmixing while representing spectral variability and leveraging spatial information . in this work ,←
→ optimization of weighted curvature for image segmentation ; minimization of boundary curvature is a classic regularization technique for image segmentation in the presence of noisy image data . techniques for minimizing curvature have historically been derived from descent methods which could be trapped in a local minimum and therefore required a good initialization . recently , combinatorial optimization techniques have been applied to the optimization of curvature which provide a solution that achieves nearl ←
→ nonparametric independence testing for small sample sizes ; this paper deals with the problem of nonparametric independence testing , a fundamental decision - theoretic problem that asks if two arbitrary ( possibly multivariate ) random variables $ x , y $ are independent or not , a question that comes up in many fields like causality and neuroscience . while quantities like correlation of $ x , y $ only test for ( univariate ) linear independence , natural alternatives like mutual information of $ x , y $ are hard to estimate d ←
→ concurrent bandits and cognitive radio networks ; we consider the problem of multiple users targeting the arms of a single multi - armed stochastic bandit . the motivation for this problem comes from cognitive radio networks , where selfish users need to coexist without any side communication between them , implicit cooperation or common control . even the number of users may be unknown and can vary as users join or leave the network . we propose an algorithm that combines an $\ epsilon $- greedy learning rule with a ←
→ strength factors : an uncertainty system for a quantified modal logic ; we present a new system s for handling uncertainty in a quantified modal logic ( first - order modal logic ). the system is based on both probability theory and proof theory . the system is derived from chisholm ' s epistemology . we concretize chisholm ' s system by grounding his undefined and primitive ( i . e . foundational ) concept of reasonablenes in probability and proof theory . s can be useful in systems that have to interact with humans and pr ←
→ a comparison of different cognitive paradigms using simple animats in a virtual laboratory , with implications to the notion of cognition ; in this thesis i present a virtual laboratory which implements five different models for controlling animats : a rule - based system , a behaviour - based system , a concept - based system , a neural network , and a braitenberg architecture . through different experiments , i compare the performance of the models and conclude that there is no " best " model , since different models ar ←
→ feature selective networks for object detection ; objects for detection usually have distinct characteristics in different sub - regions and different aspect ratios . however , in prevalent two - stage object detection methods , region - of - interest ( roi ) features are extracted by roi pooling with little emphasis on these translation - variant feature components . we present feature selective networks to reform the feature representations of rois by exploiting their disparities among sub - regions and aspect ratios . our ←
→ scalable algorithms for learning high - dimensional linear mixed models ; linear mixed models ( lmms ) are used extensively to model dependecies of observations in linear regression and are used extensively in many application areas . parameter estimation for lmms can be computationally prohibitive on big data . state - of - the - art learning algorithms require computational complexity which depends at least linearly on the dimension $ p $ of the covariates , and often use heuristics that do not offer theoretical guarant ←
→ ricci curvature and the manifold learning problem ; consider a sample of $ n $ points taken i . i . d from a submanifold $\ sigma $ of euclidean space . we show that there is a way to estimate the ricci curvature of $\ sigma $ with respect to the induced metric from the sample . our method is grounded in the notions of carr \' e du champ for diffusion semi - groups , the theory of empirical processes and local principal component analysis .←
→ how the initialization affects the stability of the k - means algorithm ; we investigate the role of the initialization for the stability of the k - means clustering algorithm . as opposed to other papers , we consider the actual k - means algorithm and do not ignore its property of getting stuck in local optima . we are interested in the actual clustering , not only in the costs of the solution . we analyze when different initializations lead to the same local optimum , and when they lead to different local optima . th ←
→ automatic differentiation variational inference ; probabilistic modeling is iterative . a scientist posits a simple model , fits it to her data , refines it according to her analysis , and repeats . however , fitting complex models to large data is a bottleneck in this process . deriving algorithms for new models can be both mathematically and computationally challenging , which makes it difficult to efficiently cycle through the steps . to this end , we develop automatic differentiation variational inference ( advi ).←
→ vision - based fallen person detection for the elderly ; falls are serious and costly for elderly people . the centers for disease control and prevention of the us reports that millions of older people , 65 and older , fall each year at least once . serious injuries such as ; hip fractures , broken bones or head injury , are caused by 20 % of the falls . the time it takes to respond and treat a fallen person is crucial . with this paper we present a new , non - invasive system for fallen people detection . our approach us ←
→ using bayesian blocks to partition self - organizing maps ; self organizing maps ( soms ) are widely - used for unsupervised classification . for this application , they must be combined with some partitioning scheme that can identify boundaries between distinct regions in the maps they produce . we discuss a novel partitioning scheme for soms based on the bayesian blocks segmentation algorithm of scargle [ 1998 ]. this algorithm minimizes a cost function to identify contiguous regions over which the values of the att ←
→ realizing intelligence ; order exists in the world . the intelligence process enables us to realize that order , to some extent . we provide a high level description of intelligence using simple definitions , basic building blocks , a conceptual framework and general hierarchy . this perspective includes multiple levels of abstraction occurring in space and in time . the resulting model offers simple , useful ways to help realize the essence of intelligence .←
→ neural block sampling ; efficient monte carlo inference often requires manual construction of model - specific proposals . we propose an approach to automated proposal construction by training neural networks to provide fast approximations to block gibbs conditionals . the learned proposals generalize to occurrences of common structural motifs both within a given model and across models , allowing for the construction of a library of learned inference primitives that can accelerate inference on unseen models wit ←
→ dropout training as adaptive regularization ; dropout and other feature noising schemes control overfitting by artificially corrupting the training data . for generalized linear models , dropout performs a form of adaptive regularization . using this viewpoint , we show that the dropout regularizer is first - order equivalent to an l2 regularizer applied after scaling the features by an estimate of the inverse diagonal fisher information matrix . we also establish a connection to adagrad , an online learning algori ←
→ feature - based tuning of simulated annealing applied to the curriculum - based course timetabling problem ; we consider the university course timetabling problem , which is one of the most studied problems in educational timetabling . in particular , we focus our attention on the formulation known as the curriculum - based course timetabling problem , which has been tackled by many researchers and for which there are many available benchmarks . the contribution of this paper is twofold . first , we propose an effec ←
→ asynchronous bidirectional decoding for neural machine translation ; the dominant neural machine translation ( nmt ) models apply unified attentional encoder - decoder neural networks for translation . traditionally , the nmt decoders adopt recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) to perform translation in a left - toright manner , leaving the target - side contexts generated from right to left unexploited during translation . in this paper , we equip the conventional attentional encoder - decoder nmt framework with a backward de ←
→ learning abduction under partial observability ; juba recently proposed a formulation of learning abductive reasoning from examples , in which both the relative plausibility of various explanations , as well as which explanations are valid , are learned directly from data . the main shortcoming of this formulation of the task is that it assumes access to full - information ( i . e ., fully specified ) examples ; relatedly , it offers no role for declarative background knowledge , as such knowledge is rendered redundant i ←
→ exploiting similarities among languages for machine translation ; dictionaries and phrase tables are the basis of modern statistical machine translation systems . this paper develops a method that can automate the process of generating and extending dictionaries and phrase tables . our method can translate missing word and phrase entries by learning language structures based on large monolingual data and mapping between languages from small bilingual data . it uses distributed representation of words and learn ←
→ picanet : learning pixel - wise contextual attention in convnets and its application in saliency detection ; context plays an important role in many computer vision tasks . previous models usually construct contextual information from the whole context region . however , not all context locations are helpful and some of them may be detrimental to the final task . to solve this problem , we propose a novel pixel - wise contextual attention network , i . e ., the picanet , to learn to selectively attend to informative con ←
→ cas - cnn : a deep convolutional neural network for image compression artifact suppression ; lossy image compression algorithms are pervasively used to reduce the size of images transmitted over the web and recorded on data storage media . however , we pay for their high compression rate with visual artifacts degrading the user experience . deep convolutional neural networks have become a widespread tool to address high - level computer vision tasks very successfully . recently , they have found their way into the ←
→ complexity of the description logic alcm ; in this paper we show that the problem of checking consistency of a knowledge base in the description logic alcm is exptime - complete . the m stands for meta - modelling as defined by motz , rohrer and severi . to show our main result , we define an exptime tableau algorithm as an extension of an algorithm for checking consistency of a knowledge base in alc by nguyen and szalas .←
→ learning in embodied action - perception loops through exploration ; although exploratory behaviors are ubiquitous in the animal kingdom , their computational underpinnings are still largely unknown . behavioral psychology has identified learning as a primary drive underlying many exploratory behaviors . exploration is seen as a means for an animal to gather sensory data useful for reducing its ignorance about the environment . while related problems have been addressed in data mining and reinforcement learning , ←
→ a proposition of a robust system for historical document images indexation ; characterizing noisy or ancient documents is a challenging problem up to now . many techniques have been done in order to effectuate feature extraction and image indexation for such documents . global approaches are in general less robust and exact than local approaches . that ' s why , we propose in this paper , a hybrid system based on global approach ( fractal dimension ), and a local one based on sift descriptor . the scale invariant fe ←
→ xview : objects in context in overhead imagery ; we introduce a new large - scale dataset for the advancement of object detection techniques and overhead object detection research . this satellite imagery dataset enables research progress pertaining to four key computer vision frontiers . we utilize a novel process for geospatial category detection and bounding box annotation with three stages of quality control . our data is collected from worldview - 3 satellites at 0 . 3m ground sample distance , providing higher r ←
→ functional multi - layer perceptron : a nonlinear tool for functional data analysis ; in this paper , we study a natural extension of multi - layer perceptrons ( mlp ) to functional inputs . we show that fundamental results for classical mlp can be extended to functional mlp . we obtain universal approximation results that show the expressive power of functional mlp is comparable to that of numerical mlp . we obtain consistency results which imply that the estimation of optimal parameters for functional mlp is stati ←
→ sql - rank : a listwise approach to collaborative ranking ; in this paper , we propose a listwise approach for constructing user - specific rankings in recommendation systems in a collaborative fashion . we contrast the listwise approach to previous pointwise and pairwise approaches , which are based on treating either each rating or each pairwise comparison as an independent instance respectively . by extending the work of ( cao et al . 2007 ), we cast listwise collaborative ranking as maximum likelihood under a permu ←
→ learning by stimulation avoidance : a principle to control spiking neural networks dynamics ; learning based on networks of real neurons , and by extension biologically inspired models of neural networks , has yet to find general learning rules leading to widespread applications . in this paper , we argue for the existence of a principle allowing to steer the dynamics of a biologically inspired neural network . using carefully timed external stimulation , the network can be driven towards a desired dynamical sta ←
→ adaptive stochastic resource control : a machine learning approach ; the paper investigates stochastic resource allocation problems with scarce , reusable resources and non - preemtive , time - dependent , interconnected tasks . this approach is a natural generalization of several standard resource management problems , such as scheduling and transportation problems . first , reactive solutions are considered and defined as control policies of suitably reformulated markov decision processes ( mdps ). we argue that this r ←
→ an improved bayesian framework for quadrature of constrained integrands ; quadrature is the problem of estimating intractable integrals , a problem that arises in many bayesian machine learning settings . we present an improved bayesian framework for estimating intractable integrals of specific kinds of constrained integrands . we derive the necessary approximation scheme for a specific and especially useful instantiation of this framework : the use of a log transformation to model non - negative integrands . we a ←
→ ontology based system to guide internship assignment process ; internship assignment is a complicated process for universities since it is necessary to take into account a multiplicity of variables to establish a compromise between companies ' requirements and student competencies acquired during the university training . these variables build up a complex relations map that requires the formulation of an exhaustive and rigorous conceptual scheme . in this research a domain ontological model is presented as su ←
→ labeling the features not the samples : efficient video classification with minimal supervision ; feature selection is essential for effective visual recognition . we propose an efficient joint classifier learning and feature selection method that discovers sparse , compact representations of input features from a vast sea of candidates , with an almost unsupervised formulation . our method requires only the following knowledge , which we call the \ emph { feature sign }--- whether or not a particular feature has on ←
→ structured sparse method for hyperspectral unmixing ; hyperspectral unmixing ( hu ) has received increasing attention in the past decades due to its ability of unveiling information latent in hyperspectral data . unfortunately , most existing methods fail to take advantage of the spatial information in data . to overcome this limitation , we propose a structured sparse regularized nonnegative matrix factorization ( ss - nmf ) method from the following two aspects . first , we incorporate a graph laplacian to encode the ←
→ genetic algorithm for solving simple mathematical equality problem ; this paper explains genetic algorithm for novice in this field . basic philosophy of genetic algorithm and its flowchart are described . step by step numerical computation of genetic algorithm for solving simple mathematical equality problem will be briefly explained ←
→ candidate constrained crfs for loss - aware structured prediction ; when evaluating computer vision systems , we are often concerned with performance on a task - specific evaluation measure such as the intersection - over - union score used in the pascal voc image segmentation challenge . ideally , our systems would be tuned specifically to these evaluation measures . however , despite much work on loss - aware structured prediction , top performing systems do not use these techniques . in this work , we seek to address this ←
→ non - parametric estimation of jensen - shannon divergence in generative adversarial network training ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have become a widely popular framework for generative modelling of high - dimensional datasets . however their training is well - known to be difficult . this work presents a rigorous statistical analysis of gans providing straight - forward explanations for common training pathologies such as vanishing gradients . furthermore , it proposes a new training objective , kernel gans ,←
→ real - time semantic image segmentation via spatial sparsity ; we propose an approach to semantic ( image ) segmentation that reduces the computational costs by a factor of 25 with limited impact on the quality of results . semantic segmentation has a number of practical applications , and for most such applications the computational costs are critical . the method follows a typical two - column network structure , where one column accepts an input image , while the other accepts a half - resolution version of that imag ←
→ convergence of expected utilities with algorithmic probability distributions ; we consider an agent interacting with an unknown environment . the environment is a function which maps natural numbers to natural numbers ; the agent ' s set of hypotheses about the environment contains all such functions which are computable and compatible with a finite set of known input - output pairs , and the agent assigns a positive probability to each such hypothesis . we do not require that this probability distribution be com ←
→ what are the receptive , effective receptive , and projective fields of neurons in convolutional neural networks ? ; in this work , we explain in detail how receptive fields , effective receptive fields , and projective fields of neurons in different layers , convolution or pooling , of a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) are calculated . while our focus here is on cnns , the same operations , but in the reverse order , can be used to calculate these quantities for deconvolutional neural networks . these are importan ←
→ multichannel compressive sensing mri using noiselet encoding ; the incoherence between measurement and sparsifying transform matrices and the restricted isometry property ( rip ) of measurement matrix are two of the key factors in determining the performance of compressive sensing ( cs ). in cs - mri , the randomly under - sampled fourier matrix is used as the measurement matrix and the wavelet transform is usually used as sparsifying transform matrix . however , the incoherence between the randomly under - sampled four ←
→ a probabilistic method for analyzing japanese anaphora integrating zero pronoun detection and resolution ; this paper proposes a method to analyze japanese anaphora , in which zero pronouns ( omitted obligatory cases ) are used to refer to preceding entities ( antecedents ). unlike the case of general coreference resolution , zero pronouns have to be detected prior to resolution because they are not expressed in discourse . our method integrates two probability parameters to perform zero pronoun detection and re ←
→ deep collaborative weight - based classification ; one of the biggest problems in deep learning is its difficulty to retain consistent robustness when transferring the model trained on one dataset to another dataset . to conquer the problem , deep transfer learning was implemented to execute various vision tasks by using a pre - trained deep model in a diverse dataset . however , the robustness was often far from state - of - the - art . we propose a collaborative weight - based classification method for deep transfer learn ←
→ early recognition of human activities from first - person videos using onset representations ; in this paper , we propose a methodology for early recognition of human activities from videos taken with a first - person viewpoint . early recognition , which is also known as activity prediction , is an ability to infer an ongoing activity at its early stage . we present an algorithm to perform recognition of activities targeted at the camera from streaming videos , making the system to predict intended activities of t ←
→ image captioning with deep bidirectional lstms ; this work presents an end - to - end trainable deep bidirectional lstm ( long - short term memory ) model for image captioning . our model builds on a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) and two separate lstm networks . it is capable of learning long term visual - language interactions by making use of history and future context information at high level semantic space . two novel deep bidirectional variant models , in which we increase the depth of nonlinearity transi ←
→ a logic programming approach to integration network inference ; the discovery , representation and reconstruction of ( technical ) integration networks from network mining ( nm ) raw data is a difficult problem for enterprises . this is due to large and complex it landscapes within and across enterprise boundaries , heterogeneous technology stacks , and fragmented data . to remain competitive , visibility into the enterprise and partner it networks on different , interrelated abstraction levels is desirable . we pres ←
→ human pose estimation from depth images via inference embedded multi - task learning ; human pose estimation ( i . e ., locating the body parts / joints of a person ) is a fundamental problem in human - computer interaction and multimedia applications . significant progress has been made based on the development of depth sensors , i . e ., accessible human pose prediction from still depth images [ 32 ]. however , most of the existing approaches to this problem involve several components / models that are independently desig ←
→ improving document clustering by eliminating unnatural language ; technical documents contain a fair amount of unnatural language , such as tables , formulas , pseudo - codes , etc . unnatural language can be an important factor of confusing existing nlp tools . this paper presents an effective method of distinguishing unnatural language from natural language , and evaluates the impact of unnatural language detection on nlp tasks such as document clustering . we view this problem as an information extraction task and ←
→ explicit learning : an effort towards human scheduling algorithms ; scheduling problems are generally np - hard combinatorial problems , and a lot of research has been done to solve these problems heuristically . however , most of the previous approaches are problem - specific and research into the development of a general scheduling algorithm is still in its infancy . mimicking the natural evolutionary process of the survival of the fittest , genetic algorithms ( gas ) have attracted much attention in solving diffic ←
→ plausible reasoning from spatial observations ; this article deals with plausible reasoning from incomplete knowledge about large - scale spatial properties . the availableinformation , consisting of a set of pointwise observations , is extrapolated to neighbour points . we make use of belief functions to represent the influence of the knowledge at a given point to another point ; the quantitative strength of this influence decreases when the distance between both points increases . these influences arethen aggregat ←
→ the kernel mixture network : a nonparametric method for conditional density estimation of continuous random variables ; this paper introduces the kernel mixture network , a new method for nonparametric estimation of conditional probability densities using neural networks . we model arbitrarily complex conditional densities as linear combinations of a family of kernel functions centered at a subset of training points . the weights are determined by the outer layer of a deep neural network , trained by minimizin ←
→ face detection with a 3d model ; this paper presents a part - based face detection approach where the spatial relationship between the face parts is represented by a hidden 3d model with six parameters . the computational complexity of the search in the six dimensional pose space is addressed by proposing meaningful 3d pose candidates by image - based regression from detected face keypoint locations . the 3d pose candidates are evaluated using a parameter sensitive classifier based on difference features relative ←
→ markov localization for mobile robots in dynamic environments ; localization , that is the estimation of a robot ' s location from sensor data , is a fundamental problem in mobile robotics . this papers presents a version of markov localization which provides accurate position estimates and which is tailored towards dynamic environments . the key idea of markov localization is to maintain a probability density over the space of all locations of a robot in its environment . our approach represents this space metric ←
→ correlation alignment by riemannian metric for domain adaptation ; domain adaptation techniques address the problem of reducing the sensitivity of machine learning methods to the so - called domain shift , namely the difference between source ( training ) and target ( test ) data distributions . in particular , unsupervised domain adaptation assumes no labels are available in the target domain . to this end , aligning second order statistics ( covariances ) of target and source domains have proven to be an effective app ←
→ causal transfer learning ; an important goal in both transfer learning and causal inference is to make accurate predictions when the distribution of the test set and the training set ( s ) differ . such a distribution shift may happen as a result of an external intervention on the data generating process , causing certain aspects of the distribution to change , and others to remain invariant . we consider a class of causal transfer learning problems , where multiple training sets are given that correspond to differ ←
→ sound - word2vec : learning word representations grounded in sounds ; to be able to interact better with humans , it is crucial for machines to understand sound - a primary modality of human perception . previous works have used sound to learn embeddings for improved generic textual similarity assessment . in this work , we treat sound as a first - class citizen , studying downstream textual tasks which require aural grounding . to this end , we propose sound - word2vec - a new embedding scheme that learns specialized wo ←
→ a novel representation of neural networks ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have become very popular for prediction in many areas . their strength is in representation with a high number of parameters that are commonly learned via gradient descent or similar optimization methods . however , the representation is non - standardized , and the gradient calculation methods are often performed using component - based approaches that break parameters down into scalar units , instead of considering the parameters as whole enti ←
→ exact approaches for the travelling thief problem ; many evolutionary and constructive heuristic approaches have been introduced in order to solve the traveling thief problem ( ttp ). however , the accuracy of such approaches is unknown due to their inability to find global optima . in this paper , we propose three exact algorithms and a hybrid approach to the ttp . we compare these with state - of - the - art approaches to gather a comprehensive overview on the accuracy of heuristic methods for solving small ttp insta ←
→ a review of feature and data fusion with medical images ; the fusion techniques that utilize multiple feature sets to form new features that are often more robust and contain useful information for future processing are referred to as feature fusion . the term data fusion is applied to the class of techniques used for combining decisions obtained from multiple feature sets to form global decisions . feature and data fusion interchangeably represent two important classes of techniques that have proved to be of ←
→ event representations with tensor - based compositions ; robust and flexible event representations are important to many core areas in language understanding . scripts were proposed early on as a way of representing sequences of events for such understanding , and has recently attracted renewed attention . however , obtaining effective representations for modeling script - like event sequences is challenging . it requires representations that can capture event - level and scenario - level semantics . we propose a new ten ←
→ optimising spatial and tonal data for pde - based inpainting ; some recent methods for lossy signal and image compression store only a few selected pixels and fill in the missing structures by inpainting with a partial differential equation ( pde ). suitable operators include the laplacian , the biharmonic operator , and edge - enhancing anisotropic diffusion ( eed ). the quality of such approaches depends substantially on the selection of the data that is kept . optimising this data in the domain and codomain gives r ←
→ vietnamese open information extraction ; open information extraction ( oie ) is the process to extract relations and their arguments automatically from textual documents without the need to restrict the search to predefined relations . in recent years , several oie systems for the english language have been created but there is not any system for the vietnamese language . in this paper , we propose a method of oie for vietnamese using a clause - based approach . accordingly , we exploit vietnamese dependency parsing ←
→ a survey on how description logic ontologies benefit from formal concept analysis ; although the notion of a concept as a collection of objects sharing certain properties , and the notion of a conceptual hierarchy are fundamental to both formal concept analysis and description logics , the ways concepts are described and obtained differ significantly between these two research areas . despite these differences , there have been several attempts to bridge the gap between these two formalisms , and attempts to a ←
→ plan explicability and predictability for robot task planning ; intelligent robots and machines are becoming pervasive in human populated environments . a desirable capability of these agents is to respond to goal - oriented commands by autonomously constructing task plans . however , such autonomy can add significant cognitive load and potentially introduce safety risks to humans when agents behave unexpectedly . hence , for such agents to be helpful , one important requirement is for them to synthesize plans that ←
→ cascade r - cnn : delving into high quality object detection ; in object detection , an intersection over union ( iou ) threshold is required to define positives and negatives . an object detector , trained with low iou threshold , e . g . 0 . 5 , usually produces noisy detections . however , detection performance tends to degrade with increasing the iou thresholds . two main factors are responsible for this : 1 ) overfitting during training , due to exponentially vanishing positive samples , and 2 ) inference - time mismatch betwe ←
→ systèmes du lia à deft ' 13 ; the 2013 d \' efi de fouille de textes ( deft ) campaign is interested in two types of language analysis tasks , the document classification and the information extraction in the specialized domain of cuisine recipes . we present the systems that the lia has used in deft 2013 . our systems show interesting results , even though the complexity of the proposed tasks .←
→ a global feature extraction model for the effective computer aided diagnosis of mild cognitive impairment using structural mri images ; multiple modalities of biomarkers have been proved to be very sensitive in assessing the progression of alzheimer ' s disease ( ad ), and using these modalities and machine learning algorithms , several approaches have been proposed to assist in the early diagnosis of ad . among the recent investigated state - of - the - art approaches , gaussian discriminant analysis ( gda )- based appr ←
→ supporting temporal reasoning by mapping calendar expressions to minimal periodic sets ; in the recent years several research efforts have focused on the concept of time granularity and its applications . a first stream of research investigated the mathematical models behind the notion of granularity and the algorithms to manage temporal data based on those models . a second stream of research investigated symbolic formalisms providing a set of algebraic operators to define granularities in a compact and co ←
→ concatenated $ p $- mean word embeddings as universal cross - lingual sentence representations ; average word embeddings are a common baseline for more sophisticated sentence embedding techniques . an important advantage of average word embeddings is their computational and conceptual simplicity . however , they typically fall short of the performances of more complex models such as infersent . here , we generalize the concept of average word embeddings to $ p $- mean word embeddings , which are ( almost ) as efficiently ←
→ end - to - end learning potentials for structured attribute prediction ; we present a structured inference approach in deep neural networks for multiple attribute prediction . in attribute prediction , a common approach is to learn independent classifiers on top of a good feature representation . however , such classifiers assume conditional independence on features and do not explicitly consider the dependency between attributes in the inference process . we propose to formulate attribute prediction in terms of mar ←
→ proceedings of answer set programming and other computing paradigms ( aspocp 2012 ), 5th international workshop , september 4 , 2012 , budapest , hungary ; this volume contains the papers presented at the fifth workshop on answer set programming and other computing paradigms ( aspocp 2012 ) held on september 4th , 2012 in budapest , co - located with the 28th international conference on logic programming ( iclp 2012 ). it thus continues a series of previous events co - located with iclp , aiming at facilitating the disc ←
→ synthesis versus analysis in patch - based image priors ; in global models / priors ( for example , using wavelet frames ), there is a well known analysis vs synthesis dichotomy in the way signal / image priors are formulated . in patch - based image models / priors , this dichotomy is also present in the choice of how each patch is modeled . this paper shows that there is another analysis vs synthesis dichotomy , in terms of how the whole image is related to the patches , and that all existing patch - based formulations that ←
→ beam search strategies for neural machine translation ; the basic concept in neural machine translation ( nmt ) is to train a large neural network that maximizes the translation performance on a given parallel corpus . nmt is then using a simple left - to - right beam - search decoder to generate new translations that approximately maximize the trained conditional probability . the current beam search strategy generates the target sentence word by word from left - to - right while keeping a fixed amount of active candid ←
→ nonlinear model predictive control of a gasoline hcci engine using extreme learning machines ; homogeneous charge compression ignition ( hcci ) is a futuristic combustion technology that operates with a high fuel efficiency and reduced emissions . hcci combustion is characterized by complex nonlinear dynamics which necessitates a model based control approach for automotive application . hcci engine control is a nonlinear , multi - input multi - output problem with state and actuator constraints which makes control ←
→ sar image despeckling using quadratic - linear approximated l1 - norm ; speckle noise , inherent in synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) images , degrades the performance of the various sar image analysis tasks . thus , speckle noise reduction is a critical preprocessing step for smoothing homogeneous regions while preserving details . this letter proposes a variational despeckling approach where l1 - norm total variation regularization term is approximated in a quadratic and linear manner to increase accuracy while decreas ←
→ automatic generation of benchmarks for entity recognition and linking ; benchmarks are central to the improvement of named entity recognition and entity linking solutions . however , recent works have shown that manually created benchmarks often contain mistakes . we hence investigate the automatic generation of benchmarks for named entity recognition and linking from linked data as a complement to manually created benchmarks . the main advantage of automatically constructed benchmarks is that they can be readi ←
→ butterfly effect : bidirectional control of classification performance by small additive perturbation ; this paper proposes a new algorithm for controlling classification results by generating a small additive perturbation without changing the classifier network . our work is inspired by existing works generating adversarial perturbation that worsens classification performance . in contrast to the existing methods , our work aims to generate perturbations that can enhance overall classification performance . t ←
→ phase - mapper : an ai platform to accelerate high throughput materials discovery ; high - throughput materials discovery involves the rapid synthesis , measurement , and characterization of many different but structurally - related materials . a key problem in materials discovery , the phase map identification problem , involves the determination of the crystal phase diagram from the materials ' composition and structural characterization data . we present phase - mapper , a novel ai platform to solve the phase map ident ←
→ dynamic vision sensors for human activity recognition ; unlike conventional cameras which capture video at a fixed frame rate , dynamic vision sensors ( dvs ) record only changes in pixel intensity values . the output of dvs is simply a stream of discrete on / off events based on the polarity of change in its pixel values . dvs has many attractive features such as low power consumption , high temporal resolution , high dynamic range and fewer storage requirements . all these make dvs a very promising camera for poten ←
→ pubmed 200k rct : a dataset for sequential sentence classification in medical abstracts ; we present pubmed 200k rct , a new dataset based on pubmed for sequential sentence classification . the dataset consists of approximately 200 , 000 abstracts of randomized controlled trials , totaling 2 . 3 million sentences . each sentence of each abstract is labeled with their role in the abstract using one of the following classes : background , objective , method , result , or conclusion . the purpose of releasing this dataset ←
→ an approach for parallel genetic algorithms in the cloud using software containers ; genetic algorithms ( gas ) are a powerful technique to address hard optimisation problems . however , scalability issues might prevent them from being applied to real - world problems . exploiting parallel gas in the cloud might be an affordable approach to get time efficient solutions that benefit of the appealing features of the cloud , such as scalability , reliability , fault - tolerance and cost - effectiveness . nevertheless , dist ←
→ bayesian nonparametric unmixing of hyperspectral images ; hyperspectral imaging is an important tool in remote sensing , allowing for accurate analysis of vast areas . due to a low spatial resolution , a pixel of a hyperspectral image rarely represents a single material , but rather a mixture of different spectra . hsu aims at estimating the pure spectra present in the scene of interest , referred to as endmembers , and their fractions in each pixel , referred to as abundances . today , many hsu algorithms have been ←
→ active diagnosis via auc maximization : an efficient approach for multiple fault identification in large scale , noisy networks ; the problem of active diagnosis arises in several applications such as disease diagnosis , and fault diagnosis in computer networks , where the goal is to rapidly identify the binary states of a set of objects ( e . g ., faulty or working ) by sequentially selecting , and observing , ( noisy ) responses to binary valued queries . current algorithms in this area rely on loopy belief propagati ←
→ meprop : sparsified back propagation for accelerated deep learning with reduced overfitting ; we propose a simple yet effective technique for neural network learning . the forward propagation is computed as usual . in back propagation , only a small subset of the full gradient is computed to update the model parameters . the gradient vectors are sparsified in such a way that only the top -$ k $ elements ( in terms of magnitude ) are kept . as a result , only $ k $ rows or columns ( depending on the layout ) of the weight ←
→ fault classification in cylinders using multilayer perceptrons , support vector machines and guassian mixture models ; gaussian mixture models ( gmm ) and support vector machines ( svm ) are introduced to classify faults in a population of cylindrical shells . the proposed procedures are tested on a population of 20 cylindrical shells and their performance is compared to the procedure , which uses multi - layer perceptrons ( mlp ). the modal properties extracted from vibration data are used to train the gmm , svm and ←
→ the structure of narrative : the case of film scripts ; we analyze the style and structure of story narrative using the case of film scripts . the practical importance of this is noted , especially the need to have support tools for television movie writing . we use the casablanca film script , and scripts from six episodes of csi ( crime scene investigation ). for analysis of style and structure , we quantify various central perspectives discussed in mckee ' s book , " story : substance , structure , style , and the princ ←
→ encoding word confusion networks with recurrent neural networks for dialog state tracking ; this paper presents our novel method to encode word confusion networks , which can represent a rich hypothesis space of automatic speech recognition systems , via recurrent neural networks . we demonstrate the utility of our approach for the task of dialog state tracking in spoken dialog systems that relies on automatic speech recognition output . encoding confusion networks outperforms encoding the best hypothesis of ←
→ relational autoencoder for feature extraction ; feature extraction becomes increasingly important as data grows high dimensional . autoencoder as a neural network based feature extraction method achieves great success in generating abstract features of high dimensional data . however , it fails to consider the relationships of data samples which may affect experimental results of using original and new features . in this paper , we propose a relation autoencoder model considering both data features and their rel ←
→ adversarial perturbations against deep neural networks for malware classification ; deep neural networks , like many other machine learning models , have recently been shown to lack robustness against adversarially crafted inputs . these inputs are derived from regular inputs by minor yet carefully selected perturbations that deceive machine learning models into desired misclassifications . existing work in this emerging field was largely specific to the domain of image classification , since the high - entropy ←
→ survey of modern fault diagnosis methods in networks ; with the advent of modern computer networks , fault diagnosis has been a focus of research activity . this paper reviews the history of fault diagnosis in networks and discusses the main methods in information gathering section , information analyzing section and diagnosing and revolving section of fault diagnosis in networks . emphasis will be placed upon knowledge - based methods with discussing the advantages and shortcomings of the different methods . the ←
→ visualisation and ' diagnostic classifiers ' reveal how recurrent and recursive neural networks process hierarchical structure ; we investigate how neural networks can learn and process languages with hierarchical , compositional semantics . to this end , we define the artificial task of processing nested arithmetic expressions , and study whether different types of neural networks can learn to compute their meaning . we find that recursive neural networks can find a generalising solution to this problem , and we ←
→ a new approach to updating beliefs ; we define a new notion of conditional belief , which plays the same role for dempster - shafer belief functions as conditional probability does for probability functions . our definition is different from the standard definition given by dempster , and avoids many of the well - known problems of that definition . just as the conditional probability pr ( lb ) is a probability function which is the result of conditioning on b being true , so too our conditional belief function bel ( l ←
→ klasifikasi komponen argumen secara otomatis pada dokumen teks berbentuk esai argumentatif ; by automatically recognize argument component , essay writers can do some inspections to texts that they have written . it will assist essay scoring process objectively and precisely because essay grader is able to see how well the argument components are constructed . some reseachers have tried to do argument detection and classification along with its implementation in some domains . the common approach is by doing ←
→ factorized asymptotic bayesian hidden markov models ; this paper addresses the issue of model selection for hidden markov models ( hmms ). we generalize factorized asymptotic bayesian inference ( fab ), which has been recently developed for model selection on independent hidden variables ( i . e ., mixture models ), for time - dependent hidden variables . as with fab in mixture models , fab for hmms is derived as an iterative lower bound maximization algorithm of a factorized information criterion ( fic ). it inherits , fr ←
→ sparse approximation of 3d meshes using the spectral geometry of the hamiltonian operator ; the discrete laplace operator is ubiquitous in spectral shape analysis , since its eigenfunctions are provably optimal in representing smooth functions defined on the surface of the shape . indeed , subspaces defined by its eigenfunctions have been utilized for shape compression , treating the coordinates as smooth functions defined on the given surface . however , surfaces of shapes in nature often contain geometric str ←
→ learning invariant representations with local transformations ; learning invariant representations is an important problem in machine learning and pattern recognition . in this paper , we present a novel framework of transformation - invariant feature learning by incorporating linear transformations into the feature learning algorithms . for example , we present the transformation - invariant restricted boltzmann machine that compactly represents data by its weights and their transformations , which achieves invaria ←
→ a product shape congruity measure via entropy in shape scale space ; product shape is one of the factors that trigger preference decisions of customers . congruity of shape elements and deformation of shape from the prototype are two factors that are found to influence aesthetic response , hence preference . we propose a measure to indirectly quantify congruity of different parts of the shape and the degree to which the parts deviate from a sphere , i . e . our choice of the prototype , without explicitly defining ←
→ tetravex is np - complete ; tetravex is a widely played one person computer game in which you are given $ n ^ 2 $ unit tiles , each edge of which is labelled with a number . the objective is to place each tile within a $ n $ by $ n $ square such that all neighbouring edges are labelled with an identical number . unfortunately , playing tetravex is computationally hard . more precisely , we prove that deciding if there is a tiling of the tetravex board is np - complete . deciding where to place the tiles is therefore np - hard . ←
→ semantic projection : recovering human knowledge of multiple , distinct object features from word embeddings ; the words of a language reflect the structure of the human mind , allowing us to transmit thoughts between individuals . however , language can represent only a subset of our rich and detailed cognitive architecture . here , we ask what kinds of common knowledge ( semantic memory ) are captured by word meanings ( lexical semantics ). we examine a prominent computational model that represents words as vector ←
→ describing colors , textures and shapes for content based image retrieval - a survey ; visual media has always been the most enjoyed way of communication . from the advent of television to the modern day hand held computers , we have witnessed the exponential growth of images around us . undoubtedly it ' s a fact that they carry a lot of information in them which needs be utilized in an effective manner . hence intense need has been felt to efficiently index and store large image collections for effective and on ←
→ greedy methods , randomization approaches and multi - arm bandit algorithms for efficient sparsity - constrained optimization ; several sparsity - constrained algorithms such as orthogonal matching pursuit or the frank - wolfe algorithm with sparsity constraints work by iteratively selecting a novel atom to add to the current non - zero set of variables . this selection step is usually performed by computing the gradient and then by looking for the gradient component with maximal absolute entry . this step can be comp ←
→ structural data recognition with graph model boosting ; this paper presents a novel method for structural data recognition using a large number of graph models . in general , prevalent methods for structural data recognition have two shortcomings : 1 ) only a single model is used to capture structural variation . 2 ) naive recognition methods are used , such as the nearest neighbor method . in this paper , we propose strengthening the recognition performance of these models as well as their ability to capture struct ←
→ a survey on artificial intelligence and data mining for moocs ; massive open online courses ( moocs ) have gained tremendous popularity in the last few years . thanks to moocs , millions of learners from all over the world have taken thousands of high - quality courses for free . putting together an excellent mooc ecosystem is a multidisciplinary endeavour that requires contributions from many different fields . artificial intelligence ( ai ) and data mining ( dm ) are two such fields that have played a significant rol ←
→ symbiosis of search and heuristics for random 3 - sat ; when combined properly , search techniques can reveal the full potential of sophisticated branching heuristics . we demonstrate this observation on the well - known class of random 3 - sat formulae . first , a new branching heuristic is presented , which generalizes existing work on this class . much smaller search trees can be constructed by using this heuristic . second , we introduce a variant of discrepancy search , called alds . theoretical and practical evidence ←
→ contrast and visual saliency similarity induced index for image quality assessment ; perceptual image quality assessment ( iqa ) defines / utilizes a computational model to assess the image quality in consistent with human opinions . a good iqa model should consider both the effectiveness and efficiency , while most previous iqa models are hard to reach simultaneously . so we attempt to make another effort to develop an effective and efficiency image quality assessment metric . considering that contrast is a dist ←
→ application of the sp theory of intelligence to the understanding of natural vision and the development of computer vision ; the sp theory of intelligence aims to simplify and integrate concepts in computing and cognition , with information compression as a unifying theme . this article discusses how it may be applied to the understanding of natural vision and the development of computer vision . the theory , which is described quite fully elsewhere , is described here in outline but with enough detail to ensu ←
→ simplified boardgames ; we formalize simplified boardgames language , which describes a subclass of arbitrary board games . the language structure is based on the regular expressions , which makes the rules easily machine - processable while keeping the rules concise and fairly human - readable .←
→ algorithmic bio - surveillance for precise spatio - temporal prediction of zoonotic emergence ; viral zoonoses have emerged as the key drivers of recent pandemics . human infection by zoonotic viruses are either spillover events -- isolated infections that fail to cause a widespread contagion -- or species jumps , where successful adaptation to the new host leads to a pandemic . despite expensive bio - surveillance efforts , historically emergence response has been reactive , and post - hoc . here we use machine infere ←
→ semi - coupled two - stream fusion convnets for action recognition at extremely low resolutions ; deep convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) have been recently shown to attain state - of - the - art performance for action recognition on standard - resolution videos . however , less attention has been paid to recognition performance at extremely low resolutions ( elr ) ( e . g ., 16 x 12 pixels ). reliable action recognition using elr cameras would address privacy concerns in various application environments such as private ←
→ on the challenges of detecting rude conversational behaviour ; in this study , we aim to identify moments of rudeness between two individuals . in particular , we segment all occurrences of rudeness in conversations into three broad , distinct categories and try to identify each . we show how machine learning algorithms can be used to identify rudeness based on acoustic and semantic signals extracted from conversations . furthermore , we make note of our shortcomings in this task and highlight what makes this prob ←
→ online structured prediction via coactive learning ; we propose coactive learning as a model of interaction between a learning system and a human user , where both have the common goal of providing results of maximum utility to the user . at each step , the system ( e . g . search engine ) receives a context ( e . g . query ) and predicts an object ( e . g . ranking ). the user responds by correcting the system if necessary , providing a slightly improved -- but not necessarily optimal -- object as feedback . we argue that suc ←
→ multi - label ferns for efficient recognition of musical instruments in recordings ; in this paper we introduce multi - label ferns , and apply this technique for automatic classification of musical instruments in audio recordings . we compare the performance of our proposed method to a set of binary random ferns , using jazz recordings as input data . our main result is obtaining much faster classification and higher f - score . we also achieve substantial reduction of the model size .←
→ icr : iterative convex refinement for sparse signal recovery using spike and slab priors ; in this letter , we address sparse signal recovery using spike and slab priors . in particular , we focus on a bayesian framework where sparsity is enforced on reconstruction coefficients via probabilistic priors . the optimization resulting from spike and slab prior maximization is known to be a hard non - convex problem , and existing solutions involve simplifying assumptions and / or relaxations . we propose an approach cal ←
→ paradigm completion for derivational morphology ; the generation of complex derived word forms has been an overlooked problem in nlp ; we fill this gap by applying neural sequence - to - sequence models to the task . we overview the theoretical motivation for a paradigmatic treatment of derivational morphology , and introduce the task of derivational paradigm completion as a parallel to inflectional paradigm completion . state - of - the - art neural models , adapted from the inflection task , are able to learn a range of ←
→ feature map pooling for cross - view gait recognition based on silhouette sequence images ; in this paper , we develop a novel convolutional neural network based approach to extract and aggregate useful information from gait silhouette sequence images instead of simply representing the gait process by averaging silhouette images . the network takes a pair of arbitrary length sequence images as inputs and extracts features for each silhouette independently . then a feature map pooling strategy is adopted to agg ←
→ grounding referring expressions in images by variational context ; we focus on grounding ( i . e ., localizing or linking ) referring expressions in images , e . g ., " largest elephant standing behind baby elephant ". this is a general yet challenging vision - language task since it does not only require the localization of objects , but also the multimodal comprehension of context --- visual attributes ( e . g ., " largest ", " baby ") and relationships ( e . g ., " behind ") that help to distinguish the referent from other objects ,←
→ honeybees - inspired heuristic algorithms for numerical optimisation ; swarm intelligence is all about developing collective behaviours to solve complex , ill - structured and large - scale problems . efficiency in collective behaviours depends on how to harmonise the individual contributions so that a complementary collective effort can be achieved to offer a useful solution . the main points in organising the harmony remains as managing the diversification and intensification actions appropriately , where the effic ←
→ counterexample - guided planning ; planning in adversarial and uncertain environments can be modeled as the problem of devising strategies in stochastic perfect information games . these games are generalizations of markov decision processes ( mdps ): there are two ( adversarial ) players , and a source of randomness . the main practical obstacle to computing winning strategies in such games is the size of the state space . in practice therefore , one typically works with abstractions of the model . the diffculty is to ←
→ survey on the attention based rnn model and its applications in computer vision ; the recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) can be used to solve the sequence to sequence problem , where both the input and the output have sequential structures . usually there are some implicit relations between the structures . however , it is hard for the common rnn model to fully explore the relations between the sequences . in this survey , we introduce some attention based rnn models which can focus on different parts of the input ←
→ graph sensitive indices for comparing clusterings ; this report discusses two new indices for comparing clusterings of a set of points . the motivation for looking at new ways for comparing clusterings stems from the fact that the existing clustering indices are based on set cardinality alone and do not consider the positions of data points . the new indices , namely , the random walk index ( rwi ) and variation of information with neighbors ( vin ), are both inspired by the clustering metric variation of informati ←
→ data - driven natural language generation : paving the road to success ; we argue that there are currently two major bottlenecks to the commercial use of statistical machine learning approaches for natural language generation ( nlg ): ( a ) the lack of reliable automatic evaluation metrics for nlg , and ( b ) the scarcity of high quality in - domain corpora . we address the first problem by thoroughly analysing current evaluation metrics and motivating the need for a new , more reliable metric . the second problem is addr ←
→ linearized additive classifiers ; we revisit the additive model learning literature and adapt a penalized spline formulation due to eilers and marx , to train additive classifiers efficiently . we also propose two new embeddings based two classes of orthogonal basis with orthogonal derivatives , which can also be used to efficiently learn additive classifiers . this paper follows the popular theme in the current literature where kernel svms are learned much more efficiently using a approximate embedding and lin ←
→ friendly artificial intelligence : the physics challenge ; relentless progress in artificial intelligence ( ai ) is increasingly raising concerns that machines will replace humans on the job market , and perhaps altogether . eliezer yudkowski and others have explored the possibility that a promising future for humankind could be guaranteed by a superintelligent " friendly ai ", designed to safeguard humanity and its values . i argue that , from a physics perspective where everything is simply an arrangement of eleme ←
→ open vocabulary scene parsing ; recognizing arbitrary objects in the wild has been a challenging problem due to the limitations of existing classification models and datasets . in this paper , we propose a new task that aims at parsing scenes with a large and open vocabulary , and several evaluation metrics are explored for this problem . our proposed approach to this problem is a joint image pixel and word concept embeddings framework , where word concepts are connected by semantic relations . we validate the op ←
→ learning kernel - based halfspaces with the zero - one loss ; we describe and analyze a new algorithm for agnostically learning kernel - based halfspaces with respect to the \ emph { zero - one } loss function . unlike most previous formulations which rely on surrogate convex loss functions ( e . g . hinge - loss in svm and log - loss in logistic regression ), we provide finite time / sample guarantees with respect to the more natural zero - one loss function . the proposed algorithm can learn kernel - based halfspaces in worst - case ti ←
→ real - time multi - view deconvolution ; in light - sheet microscopy , overall image content and resolution are improved by acquiring and fusing multiple views of the sample from different directions . state - of - the - art multi - view ( mv ) deconvolution employs the point spread functions ( psf ) of the different views to simultaneously fuse and deconvolve the images in 3d , but processing takes a multiple of the acquisition time and constitutes the bottleneck in the imaging pipeline . here we show that mv deconvolution in 3 ←
→ zero - shot learning via semantic similarity embedding ; in this paper we consider a version of the zero - shot learning problem where seen class source and target domain data are provided . the goal during test - time is to accurately predict the class label of an unseen target domain instance based on revealed source domain side information (\ eg attributes ) for unseen classes . our method is based on viewing each source or target data as a mixture of seen class proportions and we postulate that the mixture patter ←
→ driving scene perception network : real - time joint detection , depth estimation and semantic segmentation ; as the demand for enabling high - level autonomous driving has increased in recent years and visual perception is one of the critical features to enable fully autonomous driving , in this paper , we introduce an efficient approach for simultaneous object detection , depth estimation and pixel - level semantic segmentation using a shared convolutional architecture . the proposed network model , which we named d ←
→ crowd flow segmentation in compressed domain using crf ; crowd flow segmentation is an important step in many video surveillance tasks . in this work , we propose an algorithm for segmenting flows in h . 264 compressed videos in a completely unsupervised manner . our algorithm works on motion vectors which can be obtained by partially decoding the compressed video without extracting any additional features . our approach is based on modelling the motion vector field as a conditional random field ( crf ) and obtaini ←
→ drunet : a dilated - residual u - net deep learning network to digitally stain optic nerve head tissues in optical coherence tomography images ; given that the neural and connective tissues of the optic nerve head ( onh ) exhibit complex morphological changes with the development and progression of glaucoma , their simultaneous isolation from optical coherence tomography ( oct ) images may be of great interest for the clinical diagnosis and management of this pathology . a deep learning algorithm was designed and tr ←
→ amr - to - text generation with synchronous node replacement grammar ; this paper addresses the task of amr - to - text generation by leveraging synchronous node replacement grammar . during training , graph - to - string rules are learned using a heuristic extraction algorithm . at test time , a graph transducer is applied to collapse input amrs and generate output sentences . evaluated on semeval - 2016 task 8 , our method gives a bleu score of 25 . 62 , which is the best reported so far .←
→ application of fuzzy logic in design of smart washing machine ; washing machine is of great domestic necessity as it frees us from the burden of washing our clothes and saves ample of our time . this paper will cover the aspect of designing and developing of fuzzy logic based , smart washing machine . the regular washing machine ( timer based ) makes use of multi - turned timer based start - stop mechanism which is mechanical as is prone to breakage . in addition to its starting and stopping issues , the mechanical ti ←
→ fair clustering through fairlets ; we study the question of fair clustering under the {\ em disparate impact } doctrine , where each protected class must have approximately equal representation in every cluster . we formulate the fair clustering problem under both the $ k $- center and the $ k $- median objectives , and show that even with two protected classes the problem is challenging , as the optimum solution can violate common conventions --- for instance a point may no longer be assigned to its nearest cluster cent ←
→ clustering markov decision processes for continual transfer ; we present algorithms to effectively represent a set of markov decision processes ( mdps ), whose optimal policies have already been learned , by a smaller source subset for lifelong , policy - reuse - based transfer learning in reinforcement learning . this is necessary when the number of previous tasks is large and the cost of measuring similarity counteracts the benefit of transfer . the source subset forms an `$\ epsilon $- net ' over the original set of m ←
→ exploiting linguistic resources for neural machine translation using multi - task learning ; linguistic resources such as part - of - speech ( pos ) tags have been extensively used in statistical machine translation ( smt ) frameworks and have yielded better performances . however , usage of such linguistic annotations in neural machine translation ( nmt ) systems has been left under - explored . in this work , we show that multi - task learning is a successful and a easy approach to introduce an additional knowledge into ←
→ chemgan challenge for drug discovery : can ai reproduce natural chemical diversity ? ; generating molecules with desired chemical properties is important for drug discovery . the use of generative neural networks is promising for this task . however , from visual inspection , it often appears that generated samples lack diversity . in this paper , we quantify this internal chemical diversity , and we raise the following challenge : can a nontrivial ai model reproduce natural chemical diversity for desired molecules ←
→ an ontological approach to the construction of problem - solving models ; our ongoing work aims at defining an ontology - centered approach for building expertise models for the commonkads methodology . this approach ( which we have named " ontokads ") is founded on a core problem - solving ontology which distinguishes between two conceptualization levels : at an object level , a set of concepts enable us to define classes of problem - solving situations , and at a meta level , a set of meta - concepts represent modeling pri ←
→ information - theoretic approach to efficient adaptive path planning for mobile robotic environmental sensing ; recent research in robot exploration and mapping has focused on sampling environmental hotspot fields . this exploration task is formalized by low , dolan , and khosla ( 2008 ) in a sequential decision - theoretic planning under uncertainty framework called masp . the time complexity of solving masp approximately depends on the map resolution , which limits its use in large - scale , high - resolution explorati ←
→ a distribution adaptive framework for prediction interval estimation using nominal variables ; proposed methods for prediction interval estimation so far focus on cases where input variables are numerical . in datasets with solely nominal input variables , we observe records with the exact same input $ x ^ u $, but different real valued outputs due to the inherent noise in the system . existing prediction interval estimation methods do not use representations that can accurately model such inherent noise in the ←
→ decomposable principal component analysis ; we consider principal component analysis ( pca ) in decomposable gaussian graphical models . we exploit the prior information in these models in order to distribute its computation . for this purpose , we reformulate the problem in the sparse inverse covariance ( concentration ) domain and solve the global eigenvalue problem using a sequence of local eigenvalue problems in each of the cliques of the decomposable graph . we demonstrate the application of our methodology in ←
→ a matrix approach for weighted argumentation frameworks : a preliminary report ; the assignment of weights to attacks in a classical argumentation framework allows to compute semantics by taking into account the different importance of each argument . we represent a weighted argumentation framework by a non - binary matrix , and we characterize the basic extensions ( such as w - admissible , w - stable , w - complete ) by analysing sub - blocks of this matrix . also , we show how to reduce the matrix into another one of sm ←
→ including dialects and language varieties in author profiling ; this paper presents a computational approach to author profiling taking gender and language variety into account . we apply an ensemble system with the output of multiple linear svm classifiers trained on character and word $ n $- grams . we evaluate the system using the dataset provided by the organizers of the 2017 pan lab on author profiling . our approach achieved 75 % average accuracy on gender identification on tweets written in four languages a ←
→ evolving latent space model for dynamic networks ; networks observed in the real world like social networks , collaboration networks etc ., exhibit temporal dynamics , i . e . nodes and edges appear and / or disappear over time . in this paper , we propose a generative , latent space based , statistical model for such networks ( called dynamic networks ). we consider the case where the number of nodes is fixed , but the presence of edges can vary over time . our model allows the number of communities in the network to be d ←
→ event selection rules to compute explanations ; explanations have been introduced in the previous century . their interest in reducing the search space is no longer questioned . yet , their efficient implementation into csp solver is still a challenge . in this paper , we introduce eser , an event selection rules algorithm that filters events generated during propagation . this dynamic selection enables an efficient computation of explanations for intelligent backtracking al - gorithms . we show the effectiveness of ←
→ signature region of interest using auto cropping ; a new approach for signature region of interest pre - processing was presented . it used new auto cropping preparation on the basis of the image content , where the intensity value of pixel is the source of cropping . this approach provides both the possibility of improving the performance of security systems based on signature images , and also the ability to use only the region of interest of the used image to suit layout design of biometric systems . underlying ←
→ detecting curve text in the wild : new dataset and new solution ; scene text detection has been made great progress in recent years . the detection manners are evolving from axis - aligned rectangle to rotated rectangle and further to quadrangle . however , current datasets contain very little curve text , which can be widely observed in scene images such as signboard , product name and so on . to raise the concerns of reading curve text in the wild , in this paper , we construct a curve text dataset named ctw1500 , wh ←
→ high order recurrent neural networks for acoustic modelling ; vanishing long - term gradients are a major issue in training standard recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), which can be alleviated by long short - term memory ( lstm ) models with memory cells . however , the extra parameters associated with the memory cells mean an lstm layer has four times as many parameters as an rnn with the same hidden vector size . this paper addresses the vanishing gradient problem using a high order rnn ( hornn ) which has additional ←
→ a physical metaphor to study semantic drift ; in accessibility tests for digital preservation , over time we experience drifts of localized and labelled content in statistical models of evolving semantics represented as a vector field . this articulates the need to detect , measure , interpret and model outcomes of knowledge dynamics . to this end we employ a high - performance machine learning algorithm for the training of extremely large emergent self - organizing maps for exploratory data analysis . the working hy ←
→ application of data mining to network intrusion detection : classifier selection model ; as network attacks have increased in number and severity over the past few years , intrusion detection system ( ids ) is increasingly becoming a critical component to secure the network . due to large volumes of security audit data as well as complex and dynamic properties of intrusion behaviors , optimizing performance of ids becomes an important open problem that is receiving more and more attention from the research comm ←
→ cleverhans v2 . 0 . 0 : an adversarial machine learning library ; \ texttt { cleverhans } is a software library that provides standardized reference implementations of \ emph { adversarial example } construction techniques and \ emph { adversarial training }. the library may be used to develop more robust machine learning models and to provide standardized benchmarks of models ' performance in the adversarial setting . benchmarks constructed without a standardized implementation of adversarial example construction are not com ←
→ are tensor decomposition solutions unique ? on the global convergence of hosvd and parafac algorithms ; for tensor decompositions such as hosvd and parafac , the objective functions are nonconvex . this implies , theoretically , there exists a large number of local optimas : starting from different starting point , the iteratively improved solution will converge to different local solutions . this non - uniqueness present a stability and reliability problem for image compression and retrieval . in this paper , we pre ←
→ learning to estimate pose by watching videos ; in this paper we propose a technique for obtaining coarse pose estimation of humans in an image that does not require any manual supervision . while a general unsupervised technique would fail to estimate human pose , we suggest that sufficient information about coarse pose can be obtained by observing human motion in multiple frames . specifically , we consider obtaining surrogate supervision through videos as a means for obtaining motion based grouping cues . we s ←
→ performance measurement under increasing environmental uncertainty in the context of interval type - 2 fuzzy logic based robotic sailing ; performance measurement of robotic controllers based on fuzzy logic , operating under uncertainty , is a subject area which has been somewhat ignored in the current literature . in this paper standard measures such as rmse are shown to be inappropriate for use under conditions where the environmental uncertainty changes significantly between experiments . an overview of curr ←
→ densepose : dense human pose estimation in the wild ; in this work , we establish dense correspondences between rgb image and a surface - based representation of the human body , a task we refer to as dense human pose estimation . we first gather dense correspondences for 50k persons appearing in the coco dataset by introducing an efficient annotation pipeline . we then use our dataset to train cnn - based systems that deliver dense correspondence ' in the wild ', namely in the presence of background , occlusions and s ←
→ a unified approach for multi - step temporal - difference learning with eligibility traces in reinforcement learning ; recently , a new multi - step temporal learning algorithm , called $ q (\ sigma )$, unifies $ n $- step tree - backup ( when $\ sigma = 0 $) and $ n $- step sarsa ( when $\ sigma = 1 $) by introducing a sampling parameter $\ sigma $. however , similar to other multi - step temporal - difference learning algorithms , $ q (\ sigma )$ needs much memory consumption and computation time . eligibility trace is an important mechanism to ←
→ speeding up the convergence of value iteration in partially observable markov decision processes ; partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) have recently become popular among many ai researchers because they serve as a natural model for planning under uncertainty . value iteration is a well - known algorithm for finding optimal policies for pomdps . it typically takes a large number of iterations to converge . this paper proposes a method for accelerating the convergence of value iteration . the ←
→ pushing the envelope in deep visual recognition for mobile platforms ; image classification is the task of assigning to an input image a label from a fixed set of categories . one of its most important applicative fields is that of robotics , in particular the needing of a robot to be aware of what ' s around and the consequent exploitation of that information as a benefit for its tasks . in this work we consider the problem of a robot that enters a new environment and wants to understand visual data coming from ←
→ can decentralized algorithms outperform centralized algorithms ? a case study for decentralized parallel stochastic gradient descent ; most distributed machine learning systems nowadays , including tensorflow and cntk , are built in a centralized fashion . one bottleneck of centralized algorithms lies on high communication cost on the central node . motivated by this , we ask , can decentralized algorithms be faster than its centralized counterpart ? although decentralized psgd ( d - psgd ) algorithms have been stu ←
→ the polylingual labeled topic model ; in this paper , we present the polylingual labeled topic model , a model which combines the characteristics of the existing polylingual topic model and labeled lda . the model accounts for multiple languages with separate topic distributions for each language while restricting the permitted topics of a document to a set of predefined labels . we explore the properties of the model in a two - language setting on a dataset from the social science domain . our experiments show th ←
→ approximation errors of online sparsification criteria ; many machine learning frameworks , such as resource - allocating networks , kernel - based methods , gaussian processes , and radial - basis - function networks , require a sparsification scheme in order to address the online learning paradigm . for this purpose , several online sparsification criteria have been proposed to restrict the model definition on a subset of samples . the most known criterion is the ( linear ) approximation criterion , which discards any sampl ←
→ from sparse signals to sparse residuals for robust sensing ; one of the key challenges in sensor networks is the extraction of information by fusing data from a multitude of distinct , but possibly unreliable sensors . recovering information from the maximum number of dependable sensors while specifying the unreliable ones is critical for robust sensing . this sensing task is formulated here as that of finding the maximum number of feasible subsystems of linear equations , and proved to be np - hard . useful links ←
→ interactive generative adversarial networks for facial expression generation in dyadic interactions ; a social interaction is a social exchange between two or more individuals , where individuals modify and adjust their behaviors in response to their interaction partners . our social interactions are one of most fundamental aspects of our lives and can profoundly affect our mood , both positively and negatively . with growing interest in virtual reality and avatar - mediated interactions , it is desirable to make ←
→ joint background reconstruction and foreground segmentation via a two - stage convolutional neural network ; foreground segmentation in video sequences is a classic topic in computer vision . due to the lack of semantic and prior knowledge , it is difficult for existing methods to deal with sophisticated scenes well . therefore , in this paper , we propose an end - to - end two - stage deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) framework for foreground segmentation in video sequences . in the first stage , a convolutional ←
→ adaptive specular reflection detection and inpainting in colonoscopy video frames ; colonoscopy video frames might be contaminated by bright spots with unsaturated values known as specular reflection . detection and removal of such reflections could enhance the quality of colonoscopy images and facilitate diagnosis procedure . in this paper we propose a novel two - phase method for this purpose , consisting of detection and removal phases . in the detection phase , we employ both hsv and rgb color space informat ←
→ unconstrained fashion landmark detection via hierarchical recurrent transformer networks ; fashion landmarks are functional key points defined on clothes , such as corners of neckline , hemline , and cuff . they have been recently introduced as an effective visual representation for fashion image understanding . however , detecting fashion landmarks are challenging due to background clutters , human poses , and scales . to remove the above variations , previous works usually assumed bounding boxes of clothes are pr ←
→ homogeneous spiking neuromorphic system for real - world pattern recognition ; a neuromorphic chip that combines cmos analog spiking neurons and memristive synapses offers a promising solution to brain - inspired computing , as it can provide massive neural network parallelism and density . previous hybrid analog cmos - memristor approaches required extensive cmos circuitry for training , and thus eliminated most of the density advantages gained by the adoption of memristor synapses . further , they used different w ←
→ propositional satisfiability in declarative programming ; answer - set programming ( asp ) paradigm is a way of using logic to solve search problems . given a search problem , to solve it one designs a theory in the logic so that models of this theory represent problem solutions . to compute a solution to a problem one needs to compute a model of the corresponding theory . several answer - set programming formalisms have been developed on the basis of logic programming with the semantics of stable models . in this pap ←
→ semantic classifier approach to document classification ; in this paper we propose a new document classification method , bridging discrepancies ( so - called semantic gap ) between the training set and the application sets of textual data . we demonstrate its superiority over classical text classification approaches , including traditional classifier ensembles . the method consists in combining a document categorization technique with a single classifier or a classifier ensemble ( semcom algorithm - committee with ←
→ stable camera motion estimation using convex programming ; we study the inverse problem of estimating n locations $ t_1 , ..., t_n $ ( up to global scale , translation and negation ) in $ r ^ d $ from noisy measurements of a subset of the ( unsigned ) pairwise lines that connect them , that is , from noisy measurements of $\ pm ( t_i - t_j )/\| t_i - t_j \|$ for some pairs ( i , j ) ( where the signs are unknown ). this problem is at the core of the structure from motion ( sfm ) problem in computer vision , where the $ t_i $' s represent ←
→ deepproposal : hunting objects by cascading deep convolutional layers ; in this paper we evaluate the quality of the activation layers of a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for the gen - eration of object proposals . we generate hypotheses in a sliding - window fashion over different activation layers and show that the final convolutional layers can find the object of interest with high recall but poor localization due to the coarseness of the feature maps . instead , the first layers of the network can better l ←
→ a generalization error bound for sparse and low - rank multivariate hawkes processes ; we consider the problem of unveiling the implicit network structure of user interactions in a social network , based only on high - frequency timestamps . our inference is based on the minimization of the least - squares loss associated with a multivariate hawkes model , penalized by $\ ell_1 $ and trace norms . we provide a first theoretical analysis of the generalization error for this problem , that includes sparsity and low - rank ←
→ shapeworld - a new test methodology for multimodal language understanding ; we introduce a novel framework for evaluating multimodal deep learning models with respect to their language understanding and generalization abilities . in this approach , artificial data is automatically generated according to the experimenter ' s specifications . the content of the data , both during training and evaluation , can be controlled in detail , which enables tasks to be created that require true generalization abilities , in ←
→ machine learning with memristors via thermodynamic ram ; thermodynamic ram ( kt - ram ) is a neuromemristive co - processor design based on the theory of ahah computing and implemented via cmos and memristors . the co - processor is a 2 - d array of differential memristor pairs ( synapses ) that can be selectively coupled together ( neurons ) via the digital bit addressing of the underlying cmos ram circuitry . the chip is designed to plug into existing digital computers and be interacted with via a simple instruction set .←
→ a flexible mixed integer programming framework for nurse scheduling ; in this paper , a nurse - scheduling model is developed using mixed integer programming model . it is deployed to a general care ward to replace and automate the current manual approach for scheduling . the developed model differs from other similar studies in that it optimizes both hospitals requirement as well as nurse preferences by allowing flexibility in the transfer of nurses from different duties . the model also incorporated additional ←
→ learning theory approach to minimum error entropy criterion ; we consider the minimum error entropy ( mee ) criterion and an empirical risk minimization learning algorithm in a regression setting . a learning theory approach is presented for this mee algorithm and explicit error bounds are provided in terms of the approximation ability and capacity of the involved hypothesis space when the mee scaling parameter is large . novel asymptotic analysis is conducted for the generalization error associated with renyi '←
→ multiple measurements and joint dimensionality reduction for large scale image search with short vectors - extended version ; this paper addresses the construction of a short - vector ( 128d ) image representation for large - scale image and particular object retrieval . in particular , the method of joint dimensionality reduction of multiple vocabularies is considered . we study a variety of vocabulary generation techniques : different k - means initializations , different descriptor transformations , different measur ←
→ multitask protein function prediction through task dissimilarity ; automated protein function prediction is a challenging problem with distinctive features , such as the hierarchical organization of protein functions and the scarcity of annotated proteins for most biological functions . we propose a multitask learning algorithm addressing both issues . unlike standard multitask algorithms , which use task ( protein functions ) similarity information as a bias to speed up learning , we show that dissimilarity infor ←
→ a discipline of evolutionary programming ; genetic fitness optimization using small populations or small population updates across generations generally suffers from randomly diverging evolutions . we propose a notion of highly probable fitness optimization through feasible evolutionary computing runs on small size populations . based on rapidly mixing markov chains , the approach pertains to most types of evolutionary genetic algorithms , genetic programming and the like . we establish that for systems having a ←
→ discrete sequential prediction of continuous actions for deep rl ; it has long been assumed that high dimensional continuous control problems cannot be solved effectively by discretizing individual dimensions of the action space due to the exponentially large number of bins over which policies would have to be learned . in this paper , we draw inspiration from the recent success of sequence - to - sequence models for structured prediction problems to develop policies over discretized spaces . central to this metho ←
→ cross - lingual , character - level neural morphological tagging ; even for common nlp tasks , sufficient supervision is not available in many languages -- morphological tagging is no exception . in the work presented here , we explore a transfer learning scheme , whereby we train character - level recurrent neural taggers to predict morphological taggings for high - resource languages and low - resource languages together . learning joint character representations among multiple related languages successfully enables know ←
→ exploiting an oracle that reports auc scores in machine learning contests ; in machine learning contests such as the imagenet large scale visual recognition challenge and the kdd cup , contestants can submit candidate solutions and receive from an oracle ( typically the organizers of the competition ) the accuracy of their guesses compared to the ground - truth labels . one of the most commonly used accuracy metrics for binary classification tasks is the area under the receiver operating characteristics curve (←
→ unsupervised clustering of commercial domains for adaptive machine translation ; in this paper , we report on domain clustering in the ambit of an adaptive mt architecture . a standard bottom - up hierarchical clustering algorithm has been instantiated with five different distances , which have been compared , on an mt benchmark built on 40 commercial domains , in terms of dendrograms , intrinsic and extrinsic evaluations . the main outcome is that the most expensive distance is also the only one able to allow the ←
→ a novel image tag completion method based on convolutional neural network ; in the problems of image retrieval and annotation , complete textual tag lists of images play critical roles . however , in real - world applications , the image tags are usually incomplete , thus it is important to learn the complete tags for images . in this paper , we study the problem of image tag complete and proposed a novel method for this problem based on a popular image representation method , convolutional neural network ( cnn ). th ←
→ a computational framework for nonlinear dimensionality reduction of large data sets : the exploratory inspection machine ( xim ) ; in this paper , we present a novel computational framework for nonlinear dimensionality reduction which is specifically suited to process large data sets : the exploratory inspection machine ( xim ). xim introduces a conceptual cross - link between hitherto separate domains of machine learning , namely topographic vector quantization and divergence - based neighbor embedding approaches . t ←
→ k - ns : section - based outlier detection in high dimensional space ; finding rare information hidden in a huge amount of data from the internet is a necessary but complex issue . many researchers have studied this issue and have found effective methods to detect anomaly data in low dimensional space . however , as the dimension increases , most of these existing methods perform poorly in detecting outliers because of " high dimensional curse ". even though some approaches aim to solve this problem in high dimensiona ←
→ frustratingly short attention spans in neural language modeling ; neural language models predict the next token using a latent representation of the immediate token history . recently , various methods for augmenting neural language models with an attention mechanism over a differentiable memory have been proposed . for predicting the next token , these models query information from a memory of the recent history which can facilitate learning mid - and long - range dependencies . however , conventional attention mec ←
→ online vehicle detection for estimating traffic status ; we propose a traffic congestion estimation system based on unsupervised on - line learning algorithm . the system does not rely on background extraction or motion detection . it extracts local features inside detection regions of variable size which are drawn on lanes in advance . the extracted features are then clustered into two classes using k - means and gaussian mixture models ( gmm ). a bayes classifier is used to detect vehicles according to the previous ←
→ end - to - end waveform utterance enhancement for direct evaluation metrics optimization by fully convolutional neural networks ; speech enhancement model is used to map a noisy speech to a clean speech . in the training stage , an objective function is often adopted to optimize the model parameters . however , in most studies , there is an inconsistency between the model optimization criterion and the evaluation criterion on the enhanced speech . for example , in measuring speech intelligibility , most of the evalua ←
→ quasi conjunction , quasi disjunction , t - norms and t - conorms : probabilistic aspects ; we make a probabilistic analysis related to some inference rules which play an important role in nonmonotonic reasoning . in a coherence - based setting , we study the extensions of a probability assessment defined on $ n $ conditional events to their quasi conjunction , and by exploiting duality , to their quasi disjunction . the lower and upper bounds coincide with some well known t - norms and t - conorms : minimum , product , lukasie ←
→ energy distribution of eeg signals : eeg signal wavelet - neural network classifier ; in this paper , a wavelet - based neural network ( wnn ) classifier for recognizing eeg signals is implemented and tested under three sets eeg signals ( healthy subjects , patients with epilepsy and patients with epileptic syndrome during the seizure ). first , the discrete wavelet transform ( dwt ) with the multi - resolution analysis ( mra ) is applied to decompose eeg signal at resolution levels of the components of the eeg signal ( del ←
→ improving dpll solver performance with domain - specific heuristics : the asp case ; in spite of the recent improvements in the performance of the solvers based on the dpll procedure , it is still possible for the search algorithm to focus on the wrong areas of the search space , preventing the solver from returning a solution in an acceptable amount of time . this prospect is a real concern e . g . in an industrial setting , where users typically expect consistent performance . to overcome this problem , we propose ←
→ lidioms : a multilingual linked idioms data set ; in this paper , we describe the lidioms data set , a multilingual rdf representation of idioms currently containing five languages : english , german , italian , portuguese , and russian . the data set is intended to support natural language processing applications by providing links between idioms across languages . the underlying data was crawled and integrated from various sources . to ensure the quality of the crawled data , all idioms were evaluated by at least two ←
→ synth - validation : selecting the best causal inference method for a given dataset ; many decisions in healthcare , business , and other policy domains are made without the support of rigorous evidence due to the cost and complexity of performing randomized experiments . using observational data to answer causal questions is risky : subjects who receive different treatments also differ in other ways that affect outcomes . many causal inference methods have been developed to mitigate these biases . however , there ←
→ hyper - heuristics can achieve optimal performance for pseudo - boolean optimisation ; selection hyper - heuristics are randomised search methodologies which choose and execute heuristics from a set of low - level heuristics . recent research for the leadingones benchmark function has shown that the standard simple random , permutation , random gradient , greedy and reinforcement learning selection mechanisms show no effects of learning . the idea behind the learning mechanisms is to continue to exploit the currently ←
→ a bayesian hyperprior approach for joint image denoising and interpolation , with an application to hdr imaging ; recently , impressive denoising results have been achieved by bayesian approaches which assume gaussian models for the image patches . this improvement in performance can be attributed to the use of per - patch models . unfortunately such an approach is particularly unstable for most inverse problems beyond denoising . in this work , we propose the use of a hyperprior to model image patches , in order ←
→ an ilp solver for multi - label mrfs with connectivity constraints ; integer linear programming ( ilp ) formulations of markov random fields ( mrfs ) models with global connectivity priors were investigated previously in computer vision , e . g ., \ cite { globalinter , globalconn }. in these works , only linear programing ( lp ) relaxations \ cite { globalinter , globalconn } or simplified versions \ cite { graphcutbase } of the problem were solved . this paper investigates the ilp of multi - label mrf with exact connectivity priors via ←
→ an improved epsilon constraint - handling method in moea / d for cmops with large infeasible regions ; this paper proposes an improved epsilon constraint - handling mechanism , and combines it with a decomposition - based multi - objective evolutionary algorithm ( moea / d ) to solve constrained multi - objective optimization problems ( cmops ). the proposed constrained multi - objective evolutionary algorithm ( cmoea ) is named moea / d - iepsilon . it adjusts the epsilon level dynamically according to the ratio of feasible to tota ←
→ nonsmooth analysis and subgradient methods for averaging in dynamic time warping spaces ; time series averaging in dynamic time warping ( dtw ) spaces has been successfully applied to improve pattern recognition systems . this article proposes and analyzes subgradient methods for the problem of finding a sample mean in dtw spaces . the class of subgradient methods generalizes existing sample mean algorithms such as dtw barycenter averaging ( dba ). we show that dba is a majorize - minimize algorithm that converge ←
→ benchmarking decoupled neural interfaces with synthetic gradients ; artifical neural networks are a particular class of learning systems modeled after biological neural functions with an interesting penchant for hebbian learning , that is " neurons that wire together , fire together ". however , unlike their natural counterparts , artificial neural networks have a close and stringent coupling between the modules of neurons in the network . this coupling or locking imposes upon the network a strict and inflexible s ←
→ nonconvex one - bit single - label multi - label learning ; we study an extreme scenario in multi - label learning where each training instance is endowed with a single one - bit label out of multiple labels . we formulate this problem as a non - trivial special case of one - bit rank - one matrix sensing and develop an efficient non - convex algorithm based on alternating power iteration . the proposed algorithm is able to recover the underlying low - rank matrix model with linear convergence . for a rank -$ k $ model with $ d_1 $ fe ←
→ moea / d with angle - based constrained dominance principle for constrained multi - objective optimization problems ; this paper proposes a novel constraint - handling mechanism named angle - based constrained dominance principle ( acdp ) embedded in a decomposition - based multi - objective evolutionary algorithm ( moea / d ) to solve constrained multi - objective optimization problems ( cmops ). to maintain the diversity of the working population , acdp utilizes the information of the angle of solutions to adjust the dominance ←
→ sequence training and adaptation of highway deep neural networks ; highway deep neural network ( hdnn ) is a type of depth - gated feedforward neural network , which has shown to be easier to train with more hidden layers and also generalise better compared to conventional plain deep neural networks ( dnns ). previously , we investigated a structured hdnn architecture for speech recognition , in which the two gate functions were tied across all the hidden layers , and we were able to train a much smaller model withou ←
→ the power of asymmetry in binary hashing ; when approximating binary similarity using the hamming distance between short binary hashes , we show that even if the similarity is symmetric , we can have shorter and more accurate hashes by using two distinct code maps . i . e . by approximating the similarity between $ x $ and $ x '$ as the hamming distance between $ f ( x )$ and $ g ( x ')$, for two distinct binary codes $ f , g $, rather than as the hamming distance between $ f ( x )$ and $ f ( x ')$.←
→ robust performance - driven 3d face tracking in long range depth scenes ; we introduce a novel robust hybrid 3d face tracking framework from rgbd video streams , which is capable of tracking head pose and facial actions without pre - calibration or intervention from a user . in particular , we emphasize on improving the tracking performance in instances where the tracked subject is at a large distance from the cameras , and the quality of point cloud deteriorates severely . this is accomplished by the combination of ←
→ self - adaptive surrogate - assisted covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy ; this paper presents a novel mechanism to adapt surrogate - assisted population - based algorithms . this mechanism is applied to acm - es , a recently proposed surrogate - assisted variant of cma - es . the resulting algorithm , saacm - es , adjusts online the lifelength of the current surrogate model ( the number of cma - es generations before learning a new surrogate ) and the surrogate hyper - parameters . both heuristics significantly improve ←
→ window - of - interest based multi - objective evolutionary search for satisficing concepts ; the set - based concept approach has been suggested as a means to simultaneously explore different design concepts , which are meaningful sub - sets of the entire set of solutions . previous efforts concerning the suggested approach focused on either revealing the global front ( s - pareto front ), of all the concepts , or on finding the concepts ' fronts , within a relaxation zone . in contrast , here the aim is to reveal which of t ←
→ gpflow : a gaussian process library using tensorflow ; gpflow is a gaussian process library that uses tensorflow for its core computations and python for its front end . the distinguishing features of gpflow are that it uses variational inference as the primary approximation method , provides concise code through the use of automatic differentiation , has been engineered with a particular emphasis on software testing and is able to exploit gpu hardware .←
→ a continuous relaxation of beam search for end - to - end training of neural sequence models ; beam search is a desirable choice of test - time decoding algorithm for neural sequence models because it potentially avoids search errors made by simpler greedy methods . however , typical cross entropy training procedures for these models do not directly consider the behaviour of the final decoding method . as a result , for cross - entropy trained models , beam decoding can sometimes yield reduced test performance when co ←
→ do they all look the same ? deciphering chinese , japanese and koreans by fine - grained deep learning ; we study to what extend chinese , japanese and korean faces can be classified and which facial attributes offer the most important cues . first , we propose a novel way of obtaining large numbers of facial images with nationality labels . then we train state - of - the - art neural networks with these labeled images . we are able to achieve an accuracy of 75 . 03 % in the classification task , with chances being 33 . 33 % a ←
→" show me the cup ": reference with continuous representations ; one of the most basic functions of language is to refer to objects in a shared scene . modeling reference with continuous representations is challenging because it requires individuation , i . e ., tracking and distinguishing an arbitrary number of referents . we introduce a neural network model that , given a definite description and a set of objects represented by natural images , points to the intended object if the expression has a unique referent , ←
→ toward deeper understanding of nonconvex stochastic optimization with momentum using diffusion approximations ; momentum stochastic gradient descent ( msgd ) algorithm has been widely applied to many nonconvex optimization problems in machine learning . popular examples include training deep neural networks , dimensionality reduction , and etc . due to the lack of convexity and the extra momentum term , the optimization theory of msgd is still largely unknown . in this paper , we study this fundamental optimizatio ←
→ what ' s in an attribute ? consequences for the least common subsumer ; functional relationships between objects , called ` attributes ', are of considerable importance in knowledge representation languages , including description logics ( dls ). a study of the literature indicates that papers have made , often implicitly , different assumptions about the nature of attributes : whether they are always required to have a value , or whether they can be partial functions . the work presented here is the first explicit study ←
→ boltzmann machines and denoising autoencoders for image denoising ; image denoising based on a probabilistic model of local image patches has been employed by various researchers , and recently a deep ( denoising ) autoencoder has been proposed by burger et al . [ 2012 ] and xie et al . [ 2012 ] as a good model for this . in this paper , we propose that another popular family of models in the field of deep learning , called boltzmann machines , can perform image denoising as well as , or in certain cases of high level of ←
→ distribution - independent evolvability of linear threshold functions ; valiant ' s ( 2007 ) model of evolvability models the evolutionary process of acquiring useful functionality as a restricted form of learning from random examples . linear threshold functions and their various subclasses , such as conjunctions and decision lists , play a fundamental role in learning theory and hence their evolvability has been the primary focus of research on valiant ' s framework ( 2007 ). one of the main open problems regarding th ←
→ improving digital signal interpolation : l2 - optimal kernels with kernel - invariant interpolation speed ; interpolation is responsible for digital signal resampling and can significantly degrade the original signal quality if not done properly . for many years , optimal interpolation algorithms were sought within constrained classes of interpolation kernel functions . we derive a new family of unconstrained l2 - optimal interpolation kernels , and compare their properties to the previously known . although digital ←
→ automatic generation of benchmarks for plagiarism detection tools using grammatical evolution ; this paper has been withdrawn by the authors due to a major rewriting .←
→ continuous and randomized defensive forecasting : unified view ; defensive forecasting is a method of transforming laws of probability ( stated in game - theoretic terms as strategies for sceptic ) into forecasting algorithms . there are two known varieties of defensive forecasting : " continuous ", in which sceptic ' s moves are assumed to depend on the forecasts in a ( semi ) continuous manner and which produces deterministic forecasts , and " randomized ", in which the dependence of sceptic ' s moves on the forecasts is ar ←
→ conditional expressions for blind deconvolution : multi - point form ; we present conditional expression ( ce ) for finding blurs convolved in given images . the ce is given in terms of the zero - values of the blurs evaluated at multi - point . the ce can detect multiple blur all at once . we illustrate the multiple blur - detection by using a test image .←
→ application of multi - channel 3d - cube successive convolution network for convective storm nowcasting ; convective storm nowcasting has attracted substantial attention in various fields . existing methods under a deep learning framework rely primarily on radar data . although they perform nowcast storm advection well , it is still challenging to nowcast storm initiation and growth , due to the limitations of the radar observations . this paper describes the first attempt to nowcast storm initiation , growth , and ←
→ level set estimation from compressive measurements using box constrained total variation regularization ; estimating the level set of a signal from measurements is a task that arises in a variety of fields , including medical imaging , astronomy , and digital elevation mapping . motivated by scenarios where accurate and complete measurements of the signal may not available , we examine here a simple procedure for estimating the level set of a signal from highly incomplete measurements , which may additionally b ←
→ panda : pose aligned networks for deep attribute modeling ; we propose a method for inferring human attributes ( such as gender , hair style , clothes style , expression , action ) from images of people under large variation of viewpoint , pose , appearance , articulation and occlusion . convolutional neural nets ( cnn ) have been shown to perform very well on large scale object recognition problems . in the context of attribute classification , however , the signal is often subtle and it may cover only a small part of the ←
→ colourful language : measuring word - colour associations ; since many real - world concepts are associated with colour , for example danger with red , linguistic information is often complimented with the use of appropriate colours in information visualization and product marketing . yet , there is no comprehensive resource that captures concept - colour associations . we present a method to create a large word - colour association lexicon by crowdsourcing . we focus especially on abstract concepts and emotions to show t ←
→ smart application for ams using face recognition ; attendance management system ( ams ) can be made into smarter way by using face recognition technique , where we use a cctv camera to be fixed at the entry point of a classroom , which automatically captures the image of the person and checks the observed image with the face database using android enhanced smart phone . it is typically used for two purposes . firstly , marking attendance for student by comparing the face images produced recently and secondly , reco ←
→ airport gate assignment a hybrid model and implementation ; with the rapid development of airlines , airports today become much busier and more complicated than previous days . during airlines daily operations , assigning the available gates to the arriving aircrafts based on the fixed schedule is a very important issue , which motivates researchers to study and solve airport gate assignment problems ( agap ) with all kinds of state - of - the - art combinatorial optimization techniques . in this paper , we study the aga ←
→ gradient regularization improves accuracy of discriminative models ; regularizing the gradient norm of the output of a neural network with respect to its inputs is a powerful technique , first proposed by drucker & lecun ( 1991 ) who named it double backpropagation . the idea has been independently rediscovered several times since then , most often with the goal of making models robust against adversarial sampling . this paper presents evidence that gradient regularization can consistently and significantly impro ←
→" mental rotation " by optimizing transforming distance ; the human visual system is able to recognize objects despite transformations that can drastically alter their appearance . to this end , much effort has been devoted to the invariance properties of recognition systems . invariance can be engineered ( e . g . convolutional nets ), or learned from data explicitly ( e . g . temporal coherence ) or implicitly ( e . g . by data augmentation ). one idea that has not , to date , been explored is the integration of latent variabl ←
→ fully point - wise convolutional neural network for modeling statistical regularities in natural images ; modeling statistical regularities is the problem of representing the pixel distributions in natural images , and usually applied to solve the ill - posed image processing problems . in this paper , we present an extremely efficient cnn architecture for modeling statistical regularities . our method is based on the observation that , by random sampling the pixels in natural images , we can obtain a set of pixel ←
→ convolutional neural network architecture for geometric matching ; we address the problem of determining correspondences between two images in agreement with a geometric model such as an affine or thin - plate spline transformation , and estimating its parameters . the contributions of this work are three - fold . first , we propose a convolutional neural network architecture for geometric matching . the architecture is based on three main components that mimic the standard steps of feature extraction , matching and ←
→ semantically consistent regularization for zero - shot recognition ; the role of semantics in zero - shot learning is considered . the effectiveness of previous approaches is analyzed according to the form of supervision provided . while some learn semantics independently , others only supervise the semantic subspace explained by training classes . thus , the former is able to constrain the whole space but lacks the ability to model semantic correlations . the latter addresses this issue but leaves part of the semant ←
→ objective improvement in information - geometric optimization ; information - geometric optimization ( igo ) is a unified framework of stochastic algorithms for optimization problems . given a family of probability distributions , igo turns the original optimization problem into a new maximization problem on the parameter space of the probability distributions . igo updates the parameter of the probability distribution along the natural gradient , taken with respect to the fisher metric on the parameter manifold , aim ←
→ crest : convolutional residual learning for visual tracking ; discriminative correlation filters ( dcfs ) have been shown to perform superiorly in visual tracking . they only need a small set of training samples from the initial frame to generate an appearance model . however , existing dcfs learn the filters separately from feature extraction , and update these filters using a moving average operation with an empirical weight . these dcf trackers hardly benefit from the end - to - end training . in this paper , we propo ←
→ sensegen : a deep learning architecture for synthetic sensor data generation ; our ability to synthesize sensory data that preserves specific statistical properties of the real data has had tremendous implications on data privacy and big data analytics . the synthetic data can be used as a substitute for selective real data segments , that are sensitive to the user , thus protecting privacy and resulting in improved analytics . however , increasingly adversarial roles taken by data recipients such as mobile apps ,←
→ a class - incremental learning method based on one class support vector machine ; a method based on one class support vector machine ( ocsvm ) is proposed for class incremental learning . several ocsvm models divide the input space into several parts . then , the 1vs1 classifiers are constructed for the confuse part by using the support vectors . during the class incremental learning process , the ocsvm of the new class is trained at first . then the support vectors of the old classes and the support vectors of the ←
→ convolutional neural knowledge graph learning ; previous models for learning entity and relationship embeddings of knowledge graphs such as transe , transh , and transr aim to explore new links based on learned representations . however , these models interpret relationships as simple translations on entity embeddings . in this paper , we try to learn more complex connections between entities and relationships . in particular , we use a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to learn entity and relationship representat ←
→ improve the evaluation of fluency using entropy for machine translation evaluation metrics ; the widely - used automatic evaluation metrics cannot adequately reflect the fluency of the translations . the n - gram - based metrics , like bleu , limit the maximum length of matched fragments to n and cannot catch the matched fragments longer than n , so they can only reflect the fluency indirectly . meteor , which is not limited by n - gram , uses the number of matched chunks but it does not consider the length of each chun ←
→ creativity and delusions : a neurocomputational approach ; thinking is one of the most interesting mental processes . its complexity is sometimes simplified and its different manifestations are classified into normal and abnormal , like the delusional and disorganized thought or the creative one . the boundaries between these facets of thinking are fuzzy causing difficulties in medical , academic , and philosophical discussions . considering the dopaminergic signal - to - noise neuronal modulation in the central nervo ←
→ towards information - seeking agents ; we develop a general problem setting for training and testing the ability of agents to gather information efficiently . specifically , we present a collection of tasks in which success requires searching through a partially - observed environment , for fragments of information which can be pieced together to accomplish various goals . we combine deep architectures with techniques from reinforcement learning to develop agents that solve our tasks . we shape the behavior of these ←
→ prediction performance after learning in gaussian process regression ; this paper considers the quantification of the prediction performance in gaussian process regression . the standard approach is to base the prediction error bars on the theoretical predictive variance , which is a lower bound on the mean square - error ( mse ). this approach , however , does not take into account that the statistical model is learned from the data . we show that this omission leads to a systematic underestimation of the predictio ←
→ a method for restoring the training set distribution in an image classifier ; convolutional neural networks are a well - known staple of modern image classification . however , it can be difficult to assess the quality and robustness of such models . deep models are known to perform well on a given training and estimation set , but can easily be fooled by data that is specifically generated for the purpose . it has been shown that one can produce an artificial example that does not represent the desired class , b ←
→ efficient two - dimensional sparse coding using tensor - linear combination ; sparse coding ( sc ) is an automatic feature extraction and selection technique that is widely used in unsupervised learning . however , conventional sc vectorizes the input images , which breaks apart the local proximity of pixels and destructs the elementary object structures of images . in this paper , we propose a novel two - dimensional sparse coding ( 2dsc ) scheme that represents the input images as the tensor - linear combinations under a ←
→ gaussian processes with context - supported priors for active object localization ; we devise an algorithm using a bayesian optimization framework in conjunction with contextual visual data for the efficient localization of objects in still images . recent research has demonstrated substantial progress in object localization and related tasks for computer vision . however , many current state - of - the - art object localization procedures still suffer from inaccuracy and inefficiency , in addition to failing to prov ←
→ shape - based plagiarism detection for flowchart figures in texts ; plagiarism detection is well known phenomenon in the academic arena . copying other people is considered as serious offence that needs to be checked . there are many plagiarism detection systems such as turn - it - in that has been developed to provide this checks . most , if not all , discard the figures and charts before checking for plagiarism . discarding the figures and charts results in look holes that people can take advantage . that means people ←
→ case - factor diagrams for structured probabilistic modeling ; we introduce a probabilistic formalism subsuming markov random fields of bounded tree width and probabilistic context free grammars . our models are based on a representation of boolean formulas that we call case - factor diagrams ( cfds ). cfds are similar to binary decision diagrams ( bdds ) but are concise for circuits of bounded tree width ( unlike bdds ) and can concisely represent the set of parse trees over a given string undera given context free g ←
→ bootstrapped adaptive threshold selection for statistical model selection and estimation ; a central goal of neuroscience is to understand how activity in the nervous system is related to features of the external world , or to features of the nervous system itself . a common approach is to model neural responses as a weighted combination of external features , or vice versa . the structure of the model weights can provide insight into neural representations . often , neural input - output relationships are sparse ←
→ multi - period trading prediction markets with connections to machine learning ; we present a new model for prediction markets , in which we use risk measures to model agents and introduce a market maker to describe the trading process . this specific choice on modelling tools brings us mathematical convenience . the analysis shows that the whole market effectively approaches a global objective , despite that the market is designed such that each agent only cares about its own goal . additionally , the market dyn ←
→ state space gaussian processes with non - gaussian likelihood ; we provide a comprehensive overview and tooling for gp modeling with non - gaussian likelihoods using state space methods . the state space formulation allows for solving one - dimensional gp models in $\ mathcal { o }( n )$ time and memory complexity . while existing literature has focused on the connection between gp regression and state space methods , the computational primitives allowing for inference using general likelihoods in combination with the lap ←
→ kernels for measures defined on the gram matrix of their support ; we present in this work a new family of kernels to compare positive measures on arbitrary spaces $\ xcal $ endowed with a positive kernel $\ kappa $, which translates naturally into kernels between histograms or clouds of points . we first cover the case where $\ xcal $ is euclidian , and focus on kernels which take into account the variance matrix of the mixture of two measures to compute their similarity . the kernels we define are semigroup kernel ←
→ learning high - level image representation for image retrieval via multi - task dnn using clickthrough data ; image retrieval refers to finding relevant images from an image database for a query , which is considered difficult for the gap between low - level representation of images and high - level representation of queries . recently further developed deep neural network sheds light on automatically learning high - level image representation from raw pixels . in this paper , we proposed a multi - task dnn learned for i ←
→ optimizing filter size in convolutional neural networks for facial action unit recognition ; recognizing facial action units ( aus ) during spontaneous facial displays is a challenging problem . most recently , convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have shown promise for facial au recognition , where predefined and fixed convolution filter sizes are employed . in order to achieve the best performance , the optimal filter size is often empirically found by conducting extensive experimental validation . such a train ←
→ 3d cell nuclei segmentation with balanced graph partitioning ; cell nuclei segmentation is one of the most important tasks in the analysis of biomedical images . with ever - growing sizes and amounts of three - dimensional images to be processed , there is a need for better and faster segmentation methods . graph - based image segmentation has seen a rise in popularity in recent years , but is seen as very costly with regard to computational demand . we propose a new segmentation algorithm which overcomes these limita ←
→ pseudo - zernike based multi - pass automatic target recognition from multi - channel sar ; the capability to exploit multiple sources of information is of fundamental importance in a battlefield scenario . information obtained from different sources , and separated in space and time , provide the opportunity to exploit diversities in order to mitigate uncertainty . for the specific challenge of automatic target recognition ( atr ) from radar platforms , both channel ( e . g . polarization ) and spatial diversity can provi ←
→ threat of adversarial attacks on deep learning in computer vision : a survey ; deep learning is at the heart of the current rise of machine learning and artificial intelligence . in the field of computer vision , it has become the workhorse for applications ranging from self - driving cars to surveillance and security . whereas deep neural networks have demonstrated phenomenal success ( often beyond human capabilities ) in solving complex problems , recent studies show that they are vulnerable to adversarial attac ←
→ clustering using vector membership : an extension of the fuzzy c - means algorithm ; clustering is an important facet of explorative data mining and finds extensive use in several fields . in this paper , we propose an extension of the classical fuzzy c - means clustering algorithm . the proposed algorithm , abbreviated as vfc , adopts a multi - dimensional membership vector for each data point instead of the traditional , scalar membership value defined in the original algorithm . the membership vector for each point ←
→ pmlb : a large benchmark suite for machine learning evaluation and comparison ; the selection , development , or comparison of machine learning methods in data mining can be a difficult task based on the target problem and goals of a particular study . numerous publicly available real - world and simulated benchmark datasets have emerged from different sources , but their organization and adoption as standards have been inconsistent . as such , selecting and curating specific benchmarks remains an unnecessary burd ←
→ vain : attentional multi - agent predictive modeling ; multi - agent predictive modeling is an essential step for understanding physical , social and team - play systems . recently , interaction networks ( ins ) were proposed for the task of modeling multi - agent physical systems , ins scale with the number of interactions in the system ( typically quadratic or higher order in the number of agents ). in this paper we introduce vain , a novel attentional architecture for multi - agent predictive modeling that scales linearly w ←
→ fully convolutional multi - scale residual densenets for cardiac segmentation and automated cardiac diagnosis using ensemble of classifiers ; deep fully convolutional neural network ( fcn ) based architectures have shown great potential in medical image segmentation . however , such architectures usually have millions of parameters and inadequate number of training samples leading to over - fitting and poor generalization . in this paper , we present a novel highly parameter and memory efficient fcn based architect ←
→ a comparative evaluation of two algorithms of detection of masses on mammograms ; in this paper , we implement and carry out the comparison of two methods of computer - aided - detection of masses on mammograms . the two algorithms basically consist of 3 steps each : segmentation , binarization and noise suppression using different techniques for each step . a database of 60 images was used to compare the performance of the two algorithms in terms of general detection efficiency , conservation of size and shape of ←
→ collaborative sources identification in mixed signals via hierarchical sparse modeling ; a collaborative framework for detecting the different sources in mixed signals is presented in this paper . the approach is based on c - hilasso , a convex collaborative hierarchical sparse model , and proceeds as follows . first , we build a structured dictionary for mixed signals by concatenating a set of sub - dictionaries , each one of them learned to sparsely model one of a set of possible classes . then , the coding of the ←
→ stochastic dual coordinate ascent with adaptive probabilities ; this paper introduces adasdca : an adaptive variant of stochastic dual coordinate ascent ( sdca ) for solving the regularized empirical risk minimization problems . our modification consists in allowing the method adaptively change the probability distribution over the dual variables throughout the iterative process . adasdca achieves provably better complexity bound than sdca with the best fixed probability distribution , known as importance samplin ←
→ beyond the technical challenges for deploying machine learning solutions in a software company ; recently software development companies started to embrace machine learning ( ml ) techniques for introducing a series of advanced functionality in their products such as personalisation of the user experience , improved search , content recommendation and automation . the technical challenges for tackling these problems are heavily researched in literature . a less studied area is a pragmatic approach to the role o ←
→ learning inclusion - optimal chordal graphs ; chordal graphs can be used to encode dependency models that are representable by both directed acyclic and undirected graphs . this paper discusses a very simple and efficient algorithm to learn the chordal structure of a probabilistic model from data . the algorithm is a greedy hill - climbing search algorithm that uses the inclusion boundary neighborhood over chordal graphs . in the limit of a large sample size and under appropriate hypotheses on the scoring criterio ←
→ visual learning of arithmetic operations ; a simple neural network model is presented for end - to - end visual learning of arithmetic operations from pictures of numbers . the input consists of two pictures , each showing a 7 - digit number . the output , also a picture , displays the number showing the result of an arithmetic operation ( e . g ., addition or subtraction ) on the two input numbers . the concepts of a number , or of an operator , are not explicitly introduced . this indicates that addition is a simple cognitiv ←
→ finding competitive network architectures within a day using uct ; the design of neural network architectures for a new data set is a laborious task which requires human deep learning expertise . in order to make deep learning available for a broader audience , automated methods for finding a neural network architecture are vital . recently proposed methods can already achieve human expert level performances . however , these methods have run times of months or even years of gpu computing time , ignoring hardware ←
→ learning a generative model for validity in complex discrete structures ; deep generative models have been successfully used to learn representations for high - dimensional discrete spaces by representing discrete objects as sequences , for which powerful sequence - based deep models can be employed . unfortunately , these techniques are significantly hindered by the fact that these generative models often produce invalid sequences : sequences which do not represent any underlying discrete structure . as a step towa ←
→ a greedy approach to adapting the trace parameter for temporal difference learning ; one of the main obstacles to broad application of reinforcement learning methods is the parameter sensitivity of our core learning algorithms . in many large - scale applications , online computation and function approximation represent key strategies in scaling up reinforcement learning algorithms . in this setting , we have effective and reasonably well understood algorithms for adapting the learning - rate parameter , online du ←
→ inducing probabilistic programs by bayesian program merging ; this report outlines an approach to learning generative models from data . we express models as probabilistic programs , which allows us to capture abstract patterns within the examples . by choosing our language for programs to be an extension of the algebraic data type of the examples , we can begin with a program that generates all and only the examples . we then introduce greater abstraction , and hence generalization , incrementally to the extent t ←
→ machine learning approach to rf transmitter identification ; with the development and widespread use of wireless devices in recent years ( mobile phones , internet of things , wi - fi ), the electromagnetic spectrum has become extremely crowded . in order to counter security threats posed by rogue or unknown transmitters , it is important to identify rf transmitters not by the data content of the transmissions but based on the intrinsic physical characteristics of the transmitters . rf waveforms represent a particul ←
→ robust large scale non - negative matrix factorization using proximal point algorithm ; a robust algorithm for non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is presented in this paper with the purpose of dealing with large - scale data , where the separability assumption is satisfied . in particular , we modify the linear programming ( lp ) algorithm of [ 9 ] by introducing a reduced set of constraints for exact nmf . in contrast to the previous approaches , the proposed algorithm does not require the knowledge of factoriza ←
→ learning to cluster for proposal - free instance segmentation ; this work proposed a novel learning objective to train a deep neural network to perform end - to - end image pixel clustering . we applied the approach to instance segmentation , which is at the intersection of image semantic segmentation and object detection . we utilize the most fundamental property of instance labeling -- the pairwise relationship between pixels -- as the supervision to formulate the learning objective , then apply it to train a fully ←
→ the computational theory of intelligence : applications to genetic programming and turing machines ; in this paper , we continue the efforts of the computational theory of intelligence ( cti ) by extending concepts to include computational processes in terms of genetic algorithms ( ga ' s ) and turing machines ( tm ' s ). active , passive , and hybrid computational intelligence processes are also introduced and discussed . we consider the ramifications of the assumptions of cti with regard to the qualities of reproducti ←
→ foolbox : a python toolbox to benchmark the robustness of machine learning models ; even todays most advanced machine learning models are easily fooled by almost imperceptible perturbations of their inputs . foolbox is a new python package to generate such adversarial perturbations and to quantify and compare the robustness of machine learning models . it is build around the idea that the most comparable robustness measure is the minimum perturbation needed to craft an adversarial example . to this end , foolb ←
→ relative expected improvement in kriging based optimization ; we propose an extension of the concept of expected improvement criterion commonly used in kriging based optimization . we extend it for more complex kriging models , e . g . models using derivatives . the target field of application are cfd problems , where objective function are extremely expensive to evaluate , but the theory can be also used in other fields .←
→ dynamics of knowledge in delp through argument theory change ; this article is devoted to the study of methods to change defeasible logic programs ( de . l . p . s ) which are the knowledge bases used by the defeasible logic programming ( delp ) interpreter . delp is an argumentation formalism that allows to reason over potentially inconsistent de . l . p . s . argument theory change ( atc ) studies certain aspects of belief revision in order to make them suitable for abstract argumentation systems . in this article , abstract a ←
→ metaprobability and dempster - shafer in evidential reasoning ; evidential reasoning in expert systems has often used ad - hoc uncertainty calculi . although it is generally accepted that probability theory provides a firm theoretical foundation , researchers have found some problems with its use as a workable uncertainty calculus . among these problems are representation of ignorance , consistency of probabilistic judgements , and adjustment of a priori judgements with experience . the application of metaprobability ←
→ generative semantic manipulation with contrasting gan ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have recently achieved significant improvement on paired / unpaired image - to - image translation , such as photo $\ rightarrow $ sketch and artist painting style transfer . however , existing models can only be capable of transferring the low - level information ( e . g . color or texture changes ), but fail to edit high - level semantic meanings ( e . g ., geometric structure or content ) of objects . on the other hand , while some resear ←
→ market making with decreasing utility for information ; we study information elicitation in cost - function - based combinatorial prediction markets when the market maker ' s utility for information decreases over time . in the sudden revelation setting , it is known that some piece of information will be revealed to traders , and the market maker wishes to prevent guaranteed profits for trading on the sure information . in the gradual decrease setting , the market maker ' s utility for ( partial ) information decreases c ←
→ k - algorithm a modified technique for noise removal in handwritten documents ; ocr has been an active research area since last few decades . ocr performs the recognition of the text in the scanned document image and converts it into editable form . the ocr process can have several stages like pre - processing , segmentation , recognition and post processing . the pre - processing stage is a crucial stage for the success of ocr , which mainly deals with noise removal . in the present paper , a modified technique for no ←
→ uncertainty and evolutionary optimization : a novel approach ; evolutionary algorithms ( ea ) have been widely accepted as efficient solvers for complex real world optimization problems , including engineering optimization . however , real world optimization problems often involve uncertain environment including noisy and / or dynamic environments , which pose major challenges to ea - based optimization . the presence of noise interferes with the evaluation and the selection process of ea , and thus adversely affects it ←
→ quantum pattern retrieval by qubit networks with hebb interactions ; qubit networks with long - range interactions inspired by the hebb rule can be used as quantum associative memories . starting from a uniform superposition , the unitary evolution generated by these interactions drives the network through a quantum phase transition at a critical computation time , after which ferromagnetic order guarantees that a measurement retrieves the stored memory . the maximum memory capacity p of these qubit networks is r ←
→ shape - from - intrinsic operator ; shape - from - x is an important class of problems in the fields of geometry processing , computer graphics , and vision , attempting to recover the structure of a shape from some observations . in this paper , we formulate the problem of shape - from - operator ( sfo ), recovering an embedding of a mesh from intrinsic differential operators defined on the mesh . particularly interesting instances of our sfo problem include synthesis of shape analogies , shape - from - laplacian reconstruction , a ←
→ parameter - free spectral kernel learning ; due to the growing ubiquity of unlabeled data , learning with unlabeled data is attracting increasing attention in machine learning . in this paper , we propose a novel semi - supervised kernel learning method which can seamlessly combine manifold structure of unlabeled data and regularized least - squares ( rls ) to learn a new kernel . interestingly , the new kernel matrix can be obtained analytically with the use of spectral decomposition of graph laplacian matrix . hence , t ←
→ a dissipative particle swarm optimization ; a dissipative particle swarm optimization is developed according to the self - organization of dissipative structure . the negative entropy is introduced to construct an opening dissipative system that is far - from - equilibrium so as to driving the irreversible evolution process with better fitness . the testing of two multimodal functions indicates it improves the performance effectively ←
→ beyond grand theft auto v for training , testing and enhancing deep learning in self driving cars ; as an initial assessment , over 480 , 000 labeled virtual images of normal highway driving were readily generated in grand theft auto v ' s virtual environment . using these images , a cnn was trained to detect following distance to cars / objects ahead , lane markings , and driving angle ( angular heading relative to lane centerline ): all variables necessary for basic autonomous driving . encouraging results were obtain ←
→ recursive feature generation for knowledge - based learning ; when humans perform inductive learning , they often enhance the process with background knowledge . with the increasing availability of well - formed collaborative knowledge bases , the performance of learning algorithms could be significantly enhanced if a way were found to exploit these knowledge bases . in this work , we present a novel algorithm for injecting external knowledge into induction algorithms using feature generation . given a feature , the a ←
→ regression on fixed - rank positive semidefinite matrices : a riemannian approach ; the paper addresses the problem of learning a regression model parameterized by a fixed - rank positive semidefinite matrix . the focus is on the nonlinear nature of the search space and on scalability to high - dimensional problems . the mathematical developments rely on the theory of gradient descent algorithms adapted to the riemannian geometry that underlies the set of fixed - rank positive semidefinite matrices . in contrast with ←
→ cost - effective hits for relative similarity comparisons ; similarity comparisons of the form " is object a more similar to b than to c ?" are useful for computer vision and machine learning applications . unfortunately , an embedding of $ n $ points is specified by $ n ^ 3 $ triplets , making collecting every triplet an expensive task . in noticing this difficulty , other researchers have investigated more intelligent triplet sampling techniques , but they do not study their effectiveness or their potential drawbacks . al ←
→ why local search excels in expression simplification ; simplifying expressions is important to make numerical integration of large expressions from high energy physics tractable . to this end , horner ' s method can be used . finding suitable horner schemes is assumed to be hard , due to the lack of local heuristics . recently , mcts was reported to be able to find near optimal schemes . however , several parameters had to be fine - tuned manually . in this work , we investigate the state space properties of horner schem ←
→ experimental comparison of single - pixel imaging algorithms ; single - pixel imaging ( spi ) is a novel technique capturing 2d images using a photodiode , instead of conventional 2d array sensors . spi owns high signal - to - noise ratio , wide spectrum range , low cost , and robustness to light scattering . various algorithms have been proposed for spi reconstruction , including the linear correlation methods , the alternating projection method ( ap ), and the compressive sensing based methods . however , there has been no com ←
→ spectral clustering via graph filtering : consistency on the high - dimensional stochastic block model ; spectral clustering is amongst the most popular methods for community detection in graphs . a key step in spectral clustering algorithms is the eigen - decomposition of the $ n {\ times } n $ graph laplacian matrix to extract its $ k $ leading eigenvectors , where $ k $ is the desired number of clusters among $ n $ objects . this is prohibitively complex to implement for very large datasets . however , it has recently been ←
→ toward optimal stratification for stratified monte - carlo integration ; we consider the problem of adaptive stratified sampling for monte carlo integration of a noisy function , given a finite budget n of noisy evaluations to the function . we tackle in this paper the problem of adapting to the function at the same time the number of samples into each stratum and the partition itself . more precisely , it is interesting to refine the partition of the domain in area where the noise to the function , or where the v ←
→ unsupervised cross - domain word representation learning ; meaning of a word varies from one domain to another . despite this important domain dependence in word semantics , existing word representation learning methods are bound to a single domain . given a pair of \ emph { source }-\ emph { target } domains , we propose an unsupervised method for learning domain - specific word representations that accurately capture the domain - specific aspects of word semantics . first , we select a subset of frequent words that occur in ←
→ a two - phase decision support framework for the automatic screening of digital fundus images ; in this paper we give a brief review on the present status of automated detection systems describe for the screening of diabetic retinopathy . we further detail an enhanced detection procedure that consists of two steps . first , a pre - screening algorithm is considered to classify the input digital fundus images based on the severity of abnormalities . if an image is found to be seriously abnormal , it will not be ana ←
→ shamap : shape - based manifold learning ; for manifold learning , it is assumed that high - dimensional sample / data points are on an embedded low - dimensional manifold . usually , distances among samples are computed to represent the underlying data structure , for a specified distance measure such as the euclidean distance or geodesic distance . for manifold learning , here we propose a metric according to the angular change along a geodesic line , thereby reflecting the underlying shape - oriented information or the si ←
→ evidence - based robust design of deflection actions for near earth objects ; this paper presents a novel approach to the robust design of deflection actions for near earth objects ( neo ). in particular , the case of deflection by means of solar - pumped laser ablation is studied here in detail . the basic idea behind laser ablation is that of inducing a sublimation of the neo surface , which produces a low thrust thereby slowly deviating the asteroid from its initial earth threatening trajectory . this work inves ←
→ wavelet subspace decomposition of thermal infrared images for defect detection in artworks ; monitoring the health of ancient artworks requires adequate prudence because of the sensitive nature of these materials . classical techniques for identifying the development of faults rely on acoustic testing . these techniques , being invasive , may result in causing permanent damage to the material , especially if the material is inspected periodically . non destructive testing has been carried out for different mate ←
→ meaning sort - three examples : dictionary construction , tagged corpus construction , and information presentation system ; it is often useful to sort words into an order that reflects relations among their meanings as obtained by using a thesaurus . in this paper , we introduce a method of arranging words semantically by using several types of `{\ sf is - a }' thesauri and a multi - dimensional thesaurus . we also describe three major applications where a meaning sort is useful and show the effectiveness of a meani ←
→ convolutional gaussian processes ; we present a practical way of introducing convolutional structure into gaussian processes , making them more suited to high - dimensional inputs like images . the main contribution of our work is the construction of an inter - domain inducing point approximation that is well - tailored to the convolutional kernel . this allows us to gain the generalisation benefit of a convolutional kernel , together with fast but accurate posterior inference . we investigate several variations of th ←
→ discover and learn new objects from documentaries ; despite the remarkable progress in recent years , detecting objects in a new context remains a challenging task . detectors learned from a public dataset can only work with a fixed list of categories , while training from scratch usually requires a large amount of training data with detailed annotations . this work aims to explore a novel approach -- learning object detectors from documentary films in a weakly supervised manner . this is inspired by the observa ←
→ active detection and localization of textureless objects in cluttered environments ; this paper introduces an active object detection and localization framework that combines a robust untextured object detection and 3d pose estimation algorithm with a novel next - best - view selection strategy . we address the detection and localization problems by proposing an edge - based registration algorithm that refines the object position by minimizing a cost directly extracted from a 3d image tensor that encodes the min ←
→ lie access neural turing machine ; following the recent trend in explicit neural memory structures , we present a new design of an external memory , wherein memories are stored in an euclidean key space $\ mathbb r ^ n $. an lstm controller performs read and write via specialized read and write heads . it can move a head by either providing a new address in the key space ( aka random access ) or moving from its previous position via a lie group action ( aka lie access ). in this way , the " l " and " r " instructions of a ←
→ syntactic confluence criteria for positive / negative - conditional term rewriting systems ; we study the combination of the following already known ideas for showing confluence of unconditional or conditional term rewriting systems into practically more useful confluence criteria for conditional systems : our syntactical separation into constructor and non - constructor symbols , huet ' s introduction and toyama ' s generalization of parallel closedness for non - noetherian unconditional systems , the use of shallow co ←
→ path aggregation network for instance segmentation ; the way that information propagates in neural networks is of great importance . in this paper , we propose path aggregation network ( panet ) aiming at boosting information flow in proposal - based instance segmentation framework . specifically , we enhance the entire feature hierarchy with accurate localization signals in lower layers by bottom - up path augmentation , which shortens the information path between lower layers and topmost feature . we present adaptive ←
→ towards resolving software quality - in - use measurement challenges ; software quality - in - use comprehends the quality from user ' s perspectives . it has gained its importance in e - learning applications , mobile service based applications and project management tools . user ' s decisions on software acquisitions are often ad hoc or based on preference due to difficulty in quantitatively measure software quality - in - use . however , why quality - in - use measurement is difficult ? although there are many software quality mode ←
→ learning sparse visual representations with leaky capped norm regularizers ; sparsity inducing regularization is an important part for learning over - complete visual representations . despite the popularity of $\ ell_1 $ regularization , in this paper , we investigate the usage of non - convex regularizations in this problem . our contribution consists of three parts . first , we propose the leaky capped norm regularization ( lcnr ), which allows model weights below a certain threshold to be regularized more strongly ←
→ a unit selection methodology for music generation using deep neural networks ; several methods exist for a computer to generate music based on data including markov chains , recurrent neural networks , recombinancy , and grammars . we explore the use of unit selection and concatenation as a means of generating music using a procedure based on ranking , where , we consider a unit to be a variable length number of measures of music . we first examine whether a unit selection method , that is restricted to a finite ←
→ generating different story tellings from semantic representations of narrative ; in order to tell stories in different voices for different audiences , interactive story systems require : ( 1 ) a semantic representation of story structure , and ( 2 ) the ability to automatically generate story and dialogue from this semantic representation using some form of natural language generation ( nlg ). however , there has been limited research on methods for linking story structures to narrative descriptions of scenes and ←
→ dpocl : a principled approach to discourse planning ; research in discourse processing has identified two representational requirements for discourse planning systems . first , discourse plans must adequately represent the intentional structure of the utterances they produce in order to enable a computational discourse agent to respond effectively to communicative failures \ cite { moorepariscl }. second , discourse plans must represent the informational structure of utterances . in addition to these representationa ←
→ discrete potts model for generating superpixels on noisy images ; many computer vision applications , such as object recognition and segmentation , increasingly build on superpixels . however , there have been so far few superpixel algorithms that systematically deal with noisy images . we propose to first decompose the image into equal - sized rectangular patches , which also sets the maximum superpixel size . within each patch , a potts model for simultaneous segmentation and denoising is applied , that guarantees c ←
→ a bayesian approach to estimation of speaker normalization parameters ; in this work , a bayesian approach to speaker normalization is proposed to compensate for the degradation in performance of a speaker independent speech recognition system . the speaker normalization method proposed herein uses the technique of vocal tract length normalization ( vtln ). the vtln parameters are estimated using a novel bayesian approach which utilizes the gibbs sampler , a special type of markov chain monte carlo method . addit ←
→ mathematical model for transformation of sentences from active voice to passive voice ; formal work in linguistics has both produced and used important mathematical tools . motivated by a survey of models for context and word meaning , syntactic categories , phrase structure rules and trees , an attempt is being made in the present paper to present a mathematical model for structuring of sentences from active voice to passive voice , which is is the form of a transitive verb whose grammatical subject serves as ←
→ joint embedding of graphs ; feature extraction and dimension reduction for networks is critical in a wide variety of domains . efficiently and accurately learning features for multiple graphs has important applications in statistical inference on graphs . we propose a method to jointly embed multiple undirected graphs . given a set of graphs , the joint embedding method identifies a linear subspace spanned by rank one symmetric matrices and projects adjacency matrices of graphs into this subspace . the projectio ←
→ efficient algorithms for moral lineage tracing ; lineage tracing , the joint segmentation and tracking of living cells as they move and divide in a sequence of light microscopy images , is a challenging task . jug et al . have proposed a mathematical abstraction of this task , the moral lineage tracing problem ( mltp ), whose feasible solutions define both a segmentation of every image and a lineage forest of cells . their branch - and - cut algorithm , however , is prone to many cuts and slow convergence for large insta ←
→ avoiding overfitting of multilayer perceptrons by training derivatives ; resistance to overfitting is observed for neural networks trained with extended backpropagation algorithm . in addition to target values , its cost function uses derivatives of those up to the $ 4 ^{\ mathrm { th }}$ order . for common applications of neural networks , high order derivatives are not readily available , so simpler cases are considered : training network to approximate analytical function inside 2d and 5d domains and solving poisson ←
→ learning role - based graph embeddings ; random walks are at the heart of many existing network embedding methods . however , such algorithms have many limitations that arise from the use of random walks , e . g ., the features resulting from these methods are unable to transfer to new nodes and graphs as they are tied to vertex identity . in this work , we introduce the role2vec framework which uses the flexible notion of attributed random walks , and serves as a basis for generalizing existing methods such as deepwa ←
→ subspace learning and imputation for streaming big data matrices and tensors ; extracting latent low - dimensional structure from high - dimensional data is of paramount importance in timely inference tasks encountered with ` big data ' analytics . however , increasingly noisy , heterogeneous , and incomplete datasets as well as the need for {\ em real - time } processing of streaming data pose major challenges to this end . in this context , the present paper permeates benefits from rank minimization to scalable imputat ←
→ generalizing the convolution operator to extend cnns to irregular domains ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have become the state - of - the - art in supervised learning vision tasks . their convolutional filters are of paramount importance for they allow to learn patterns while disregarding their locations in input images . when facing highly irregular domains , generalized convolutional operators based on an underlying graph structure have been proposed . however , these operators do not exactly match standar ←
→ an architecture combining convolutional neural network ( cnn ) and support vector machine ( svm ) for image classification ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are similar to " ordinary " neural networks in the sense that they are made up of hidden layers consisting of neurons with " learnable " parameters . these neurons receive inputs , performs a dot product , and then follows it with a non - linearity . the whole network expresses the mapping between raw image pixels and their class scores . conventionally , the so ←
→ network routing optimization using swarm intelligence ; the aim of this paper is to highlight and explore a traditional problem , which is the minimum spanning tree , and finding the shortest - path in network routing , by using swarm intelligence . this work to be considered as an investigation topic with combination between operations research , discrete mathematics , and evolutionary computing aiming to solve one of networking problems .←
→ optimal hybrid channel allocation : based on machine learning algorithms ; recent advances in cellular communication systems resulted in a huge increase in spectrum demand . to meet the requirements of the ever - growing need for spectrum , efficient utilization of the existing resources is of utmost importance . channel allocation , has thus become an inevitable research topic in wireless communications . in this paper , we propose an optimal channel allocation scheme , optimal hybrid channel allocation ( ohca ) for an ←
→ submodular variational inference for network reconstruction ; in real - world and online social networks , individuals receive and transmit information in real time . cascading information transmissions ( e . g . phone calls , text messages , social media posts ) may be understood as a realization of a diffusion process operating on the network , and its branching path can be represented by a directed tree . the process only traverses and thus reveals a limited portion of the edges . the network reconstruction / inference ←
→ auto - encoding total correlation explanation ; advances in unsupervised learning enable reconstruction and generation of samples from complex distributions , but this success is marred by the inscrutability of the representations learned . we propose an information - theoretic approach to characterizing disentanglement and dependence in representation learning using multivariate mutual information , also called total correlation . the principle of total cor - relation ex - planation ( corex ) has motivated successful un ←
→ antids : self - organized ant - based clustering model for intrusion detection system ; security of computers and the networks that connect them is increasingly becoming of great significance . computer security is defined as the protection of computing systems against threats to confidentiality , integrity , and availability . there are two types of intruders : the external intruders who are unauthorized users of the machines they attack , and internal intruders , who have permission to access the system with some r ←
→ local approximate inference algorithms ; we present a new local approximation algorithm for computing maximum a posteriori ( map ) and log - partition function for arbitrary exponential family distribution represented by a finite - valued pair - wise markov random field ( mrf ), say $ g $. our algorithm is based on decomposition of $ g $ into {\ em appropriately } chosen small components ; then computing estimates locally in each of these components and then producing a {\ em good } global solution . we show that if the underl ←
→ complex network classification with convolutional neural network ; classifying large scale networks into several categories and distinguishing them according to their fine structures is of great importance with several applications in real life . however , most studies of complex networks focus on properties of a single network but seldom on classification , clustering , and comparison between different networks , in which the network is treated as a whole . due to the non - euclidean properties of the data , conven ←
→ comparison of binary classification based on signed distance functions with support vector machines ; we investigate the performance of a simple signed distance function ( sdf ) based method by direct comparison with standard svm packages , as well as k - nearest neighbor and rbfn methods . we present experimental results comparing the sdf approach with other classifiers on both synthetic geometric problems and five benchmark clinical microarray data sets . on both geometric problems and microarray data sets , th ←
→ peephole : predicting network performance before training ; the quest for performant networks has been a significant force that drives the advancements of deep learning in recent years . while rewarding , improving network design has never been an easy journey . the large design space combined with the tremendous cost required for network training poses a major obstacle to this endeavor . in this work , we propose a new approach to this problem , namely , predicting the performance of a network before training , bas ←
→ face recognition for monitoring operator shift in railways ; train pilot is a very tedious and stressful job . pilots must be vigilant at all times and its easy for them to lose track of time of shift . in countries like usa the pilots are mandated by law to adhere to 8 hour shifts . if they exceed 8 hours of shift the railroads may be penalized for over - tiring their drivers . the problem happens when the 8 hour shift may end in middle of a journey . in such case , the new drivers must be moved to the location lo ←
→ reasoning with topological and directional spatial information ; current research on qualitative spatial representation and reasoning mainly focuses on one single aspect of space . in real world applications , however , multiple spatial aspects are often involved simultaneously . this paper investigates problems arising in reasoning with combined topological and directional information . we use the rcc8 algebra and the rectangle algebra ( ra ) for expressing topological and directional information respectively . ←
→ robust estimation of multiple inlier structures ; the robust estimator presented in this paper processes each structure independently . the scales of the structures are estimated adaptively and no threshold is involved in spite of different objective functions . the user has to specify only the number of elemental subsets for random sampling . after classifying all the input data , the segmented structures are sorted by their strengths and the strongest inlier structures come out at the top . like any robust est ←
→ deep hashing network for unsupervised domain adaptation ; in recent years , deep neural networks have emerged as a dominant machine learning tool for a wide variety of application domains . however , training a deep neural network requires a large amount of labeled data , which is an expensive process in terms of time , labor and human expertise . domain adaptation or transfer learning algorithms address this challenge by leveraging labeled data in a different , but related source domain , to develop a model for th ←
→ attack planning in the real world ; assessing network security is a complex and difficult task . attack graphs have been proposed as a tool to help network administrators understand the potential weaknesses of their network . however , a problem has not yet been addressed by previous work on this subject ; namely , how to actually execute and validate the attack paths resulting from the analysis of the attack graph . in this paper we present a complete pddl representation of an attack model , and an implementation ←
→ fault - tolerant , but paradoxical path - finding in physical and conceptual systems ; we report our initial investigations into reliability and path - finding based models and propose future areas of interest . inspired by broken sidewalks during on - campus construction projects , we develop two models for navigating this " unreliable network ." these are based on a concept of " accumulating risk " backward from the destination , and both operate on directed acyclic graphs with a probability of failure associated with ←
→ survey on sparse coded features for content based face image retrieval ; content based image retrieval , a technique which uses visual contents of image to search images from large scale image databases according to users ' interests . this paper provides a comprehensive survey on recent technology used in the area of content based face image retrieval . nowadays digital devices and photo sharing sites are getting more popularity , large human face photos are available in database . multiple types of facial featu ←
→ peduncle detection of sweet pepper for autonomous crop harvesting - combined colour and 3d information ; this paper presents a 3d visual detection method for the challenging task of detecting peduncles of sweet peppers ( capsicum annuum ) in the field . cutting the peduncle cleanly is one of the most difficult stages of the harvesting process , where the peduncle is the part of the crop that attaches it to the main stem of the plant . accurate peduncle detection in 3d space is therefore a vital step in reliabl ←
→ finding news citations for wikipedia ; an important editing policy in wikipedia is to provide citations for added statements in wikipedia pages , where statements can be arbitrary pieces of text , ranging from a sentence to a paragraph . in many cases citations are either outdated or missing altogether . in this work we address the problem of finding and updating news citations for statements in entity pages . we propose a two - stage supervised approach for this problem . in the first step , we construct a classi ←
→ adine : an adaptive momentum method for stochastic gradient descent ; two major momentum - based techniques that have achieved tremendous success in optimization are polyak ' s heavy ball method and nesterov ' s accelerated gradient . a crucial step in all momentum - based methods is the choice of the momentum parameter $ m $ which is always suggested to be set to less than $ 1 $. although the choice of $ m < 1 $ is justified only under very strong theoretical assumptions , it works well in practice even when the assumption ←
→ permeability analysis based on information granulation theory ; this paper describes application of information granulation theory , on the analysis of " lugeon data ". in this manner , using a combining of self organizing map ( som ) and neuro - fuzzy inference system ( nfis ), crisp and fuzzy granules are obtained . balancing of crisp granules and sub - fuzzy granules , within non fuzzy information ( initial granulation ), is rendered in open - close iteration . using two criteria , " simplicity of rules " and " suitable adapt ←
→ torque ripple minimization in a switched reluctance drive by neuro - fuzzy compensation ; simple power electronic drive circuit and fault tolerance of converter are specific advantages of srm drives , but excessive torque ripple has limited its use to special applications . it is well known that controlling the current shape adequately can minimize the torque ripple . this paper presents a new method for shaping the motor currents to minimize the torque ripple , using a neuro - fuzzy compensator . in the proposed ←
→ a novel bilingual word embedding method for lexical translation using bilingual sense clique ; most of the existing methods for bilingual word embedding only consider shallow context or simple co - occurrence information . in this paper , we propose a latent bilingual sense unit ( bilingual sense clique , bsc ), which is derived from a maximum complete sub - graph of pointwise mutual information based graph over bilingual corpus . in this way , we treat source and target words equally and a separated bilingual proje ←
→ generalized fast approximate energy minimization via graph cuts : alpha - expansion beta - shrink moves ; we present alpha - expansion beta - shrink moves , a simple generalization of the widely - used alpha - beta swap and alpha - expansion algorithms for approximate energy minimization . we show that in a certain sense , these moves dominate both alpha - beta - swap and alpha - expansion moves , but unlike previous generalizations the new moves require no additional assumptions and are still solvable in polynomial - time . we show ←
→ end - to - end fingerprints liveness detection using convolutional networks with gram module ; this paper proposes an end - to - end cnn ( convolutional neural networks ) model that uses gram modules with parameters that are approximately 1 . 2mb in size to detect fake fingerprints . the proposed method assumes that texture is the most appropriate characteristic in fake fingerprint detection , and implements the gram module to extract textures from the cnn . the proposed cnn structure uses the fire module as the base mod ←
→ improving ocr accuracy on early printed books by utilizing cross fold training and voting ; in this paper we introduce a method that significantly reduces the character error rates for ocr text obtained from ocropus models trained on early printed books . the method uses a combination of cross fold training and confidence based voting . after allocating the available ground truth in different subsets several training processes are performed , each resulting in a specific ocr model . the ocr text generated by ←
→ theoretical issues for global cumulative treatment analysis ( gcta ) ; adaptive trials are now mainstream science . recently , researchers have taken the adaptive trial concept to its natural conclusion , proposing what we call " global cumulative treatment analysis " ( gcta ). similar to the adaptive trial , decision making and data collection and analysis in the gcta are continuous and integrated , and treatments are ranked in accord with the statistics of this information , combined with what offers the most informa ←
→ near - optimal anomaly detection in graphs using lovasz extended scan statistic ; the detection of anomalous activity in graphs is a statistical problem that arises in many applications , such as network surveillance , disease outbreak detection , and activity monitoring in social networks . beyond its wide applicability , graph structured anomaly detection serves as a case study in the difficulty of balancing computational complexity with statistical power . in this work , we develop from first principles the gen ←
→ fast gradient - based inference with continuous latent variable models in auxiliary form ; we propose a technique for increasing the efficiency of gradient - based inference and learning in bayesian networks with multiple layers of continuous latent vari - ables . we show that , in many cases , it is possible to express such models in an auxiliary form , where continuous latent variables are conditionally deterministic given their parents and a set of independent auxiliary variables . variables of mod - els in this ←
→ embedding tarskian semantics in vector spaces ; we propose a new linear algebraic approach to the computation of tarskian semantics in logic . we embed a finite model m in first - order logic with n entities in n - dimensional euclidean space r ^ n by mapping entities of m to n dimensional one - hot vectors and k - ary relations to order - k adjacency tensors ( multi - way arrays ). second given a logical formula f in prenex normal form , we compile f into a set sigma_f of algebraic formulas in multi - linear algebra with a no ←
→ anatomical structure segmentation in liver mri images ; segmentation of medical images is a challenging task owing to their complexity . a standard segmentation problem within magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) is the task of labeling voxels according to their tissue type . image segmentation provides volumetric quantification of liver area and thus helps in the diagnosis of disorders , such as hepatitis , cirrhosis , jaundice , hemochromatosis etc . this work deals with comparison of segmentation by applying level s ←
→ dropout training of matrix factorization and autoencoder for link prediction in sparse graphs ; matrix factorization ( mf ) and autoencoder ( ae ) are among the most successful approaches of unsupervised learning . while mf based models have been extensively exploited in the graph modeling and link prediction literature , the ae family has not gained much attention . in this paper we investigate both mf and ae ' s application to the link prediction problem in sparse graphs . we show the connection between ae and mf ←
→ on the interpretability of conditional probability estimates in the agnostic setting ; we study the interpretability of conditional probability estimates for binary classification under the agnostic setting or scenario . under the agnostic setting , conditional probability estimates do not necessarily reflect the true conditional probabilities . instead , they have a certain calibration property : among all data points that the classifier has predicted p ( y = 1 | x ) = p , p portion of them actually have label y = ←
→ semantic video cnns through representation warping ; in this work , we propose a technique to convert cnn models for semantic segmentation of static images into cnns for video data . we describe a warping method that can be used to augment existing architectures with very little extra computational cost . this module is called netwarp and we demonstrate its use for a range of network architectures . the main design principle is to use optical flow of adjacent frames for warping internal network representations ←
→ transforming cooling optimization for green data center via deep reinforcement learning ; cooling system plays a key role in modern data center . developing an optimal control policy for data center cooling system is a challenging task . the prevailing approaches often rely on approximated system models that are built upon the knowledge of mechanical cooling , electrical and thermal management , which is difficult to design and may lead to sub - optimal or unstable performances . in this paper we propose to util ←
→ convex discriminative multitask clustering ; multitask clustering tries to improve the clustering performance of multiple tasks simultaneously by taking their relationship into account . most existing multitask clustering algorithms fall into the type of generative clustering , and none are formulated as convex optimization problems . in this paper , we propose two convex discriminative multitask clustering ( dmtc ) algorithms to address the problems . specifically , we first propose a bayesian dmtc framework . then ←
→ real - time 3d human tracking for mobile robots with multisensors ; acquiring the accurate 3 - d position of a target person around a robot provides fundamental and valuable information that is applicable to a wide range of robotic tasks , including home service , navigation and entertainment . this paper presents a real - time robotic 3 - d human tracking system which combines a monocular camera with an ultrasonic sensor by the extended kalman filter ( ekf ). the proposed system consists of three sub - modules : monocular ←
→ early stopping for kernel boosting algorithms : a general analysis with localized complexities ; early stopping of iterative algorithms is a widely - used form of regularization in statistics , commonly used in conjunction with boosting and related gradient - type algorithms . although consistency results have been established in some settings , such estimators are less well - understood than their analogues based on penalized regularization . in this paper , for a relatively broad class of loss functions and boostin ←
→ multinet : real - time joint semantic reasoning for autonomous driving ; while most approaches to semantic reasoning have focused on improving performance , in this paper we argue that computational times are very important in order to enable real time applications such as autonomous driving . towards this goal , we present an approach to joint classification , detection and semantic segmentation via a unified architecture where the encoder is shared amongst the three tasks . our approach is very simple , can be tra ←
→ traffic analysis with deep learning ; deep neural networks ( dnn ) has obtained enormous attention with its advantageous feature learning and its powerful prediction ability . in this paper , we broadly study the applicability of deep learning to traffic analysis and present its effectiveness on the feature extraction for state - of - the - art machine learning algorithms , website and keyword fingerprinting attacks , and the prediction on the fingerprintability of websites . to the best of our knowledge , this is the fi ←
→ preprocessing : a step in automating early detection of cervical cancer ; this paper has been withdrawn ←
→ a geometric approach to harmonic color palette design ; we address the problem of finding harmonic colors , this problem has many applications , from fashion to industrial design . in order to solve this problem we consider that colors follow normal distributions in tone ( chroma and lightness ) and hue . the proposed approach relies in the cie standard for representing colors and evaluate proximity . other approaches to this problem use a set of rules . experimental results show that lines with specific parameters ←
→ semi - optimal edge detector based on simple standard deviation with adjusted thresholding ; this paper proposes a novel method which combines both median filter and simple standard deviation to accomplish an excellent edge detector for image processing . first of all , a denoising process must be applied on the grey scale image using median filter to identify pixels which are likely to be contaminated by noise . the benefit of this step is to smooth the image and get rid of the noisy pixels . after that , the s ←
→ scale up event extraction learning via automatic training data generation ; the task of event extraction has long been investigated in a supervised learning paradigm , which is bound by the number and the quality of the training instances . existing training data must be manually generated through a combination of expert domain knowledge and extensive human involvement . however , due to drastic efforts required in annotating text , the resultant datasets are usually small , which severally affects the quality ←
→ lossless compression of angiogram foreground with visual quality preservation of background ; by increasing the volume of telemedicine information , the need for medical image compression has become more important . in angiographic images , a small ratio of the entire image usually belongs to the vasculature that provides crucial information for diagnosis . other parts of the image are diagnostically less important and can be compressed with higher compression ratio . however , the quality of those parts affect ←
→ sampling as optimization in the space of measures : the langevin dynamics as a composite optimization problem ; we study sampling as optimization in the space of measures . we focus on gradient flow - based optimization with the langevin dynamics as a case study . we investigate the source of the bias of the unadjusted langevin algorithm ( ula ) in discrete time , and consider how to remove or reduce the bias . we point out the difficulty is that the heat flow is exactly solvable , but neither its forward nor backw ←
→ building program vector representations for deep learning ; deep learning has made significant breakthroughs in various fields of artificial intelligence . advantages of deep learning include the ability to capture highly complicated features , weak involvement of human engineering , etc . however , it is still virtually impossible to use deep learning to analyze programs since deep architectures cannot be trained effectively with pure back propagation . in this pioneering paper , we propose the " coding criterion "←
→ shearlet - based detection of flame fronts ; identifying and characterizing flame fronts is the most common task in the computer - assisted analysis of data obtained from imaging techniques such as planar laser - induced fluorescence ( plif ), laser rayleigh scattering ( lrs ), or particle imaging velocimetry ( piv ). we present a novel edge and ridge ( line ) detection algorithm based on complex - valued wavelet - like analyzing functions -- so - called complex shearlets -- displaying several traits useful for the extraction ←
→ matching edges in images ; application to face recognition ; this communication describes a representation of images as a set of edges characterized by their position and orientation . this representation allows the comparison of two images and the computation of their similarity . the first step in this computation of similarity is the seach of a geometrical basis of the two dimensional space where the two images are represented simultaneously after transformation of one of them . presently , this simultaneous ←
→ hamiltonian operator for spectral shape analysis ; many shape analysis methods treat the geometry of an object as a metric space that can be captured by the laplace - beltrami operator . in this paper , we propose to adapt the classical hamiltonian operator from quantum mechanics to the field of shape analysis . to this end we study the addition of a potential function to the laplacian as a generator for dual spaces in which shape processing is performed . we present a general optimization approach for solving va ←
→ clustering co - occurrence of maximal frequent patterns in streams ; one way of getting a better view of data is using frequent patterns . in this paper frequent patterns are subsets that occur a minimal number of times in a stream of itemsets . however , the discovery of frequent patterns in streams has always been problematic . because streams are potentially endless it is in principle impossible to say if a pattern is often occurring or not . furthermore the number of patterns can be huge and a good overview of ←
→ a machine learning approach to recovery of scene geometry from images ; recovering the 3d structure of the scene from images yields useful information for tasks such as shape and scene recognition , object detection , or motion planning and object grasping in robotics . in this thesis , we introduce a general machine learning approach called unsupervised crf learning based on maximizing the conditional likelihood . we apply our approach to computer vision systems that recover the 3 - d scene geometry from images . ←
→ learning local trajectories for high precision robotic tasks : application to kuka lbr iiwa cartesian positioning ; to ease the development of robot learning in industry , two conditions need to be fulfilled . manipulators must be able to learn high accuracy and precision tasks while being safe for workers in the factory . in this paper , we extend previously submitted work which consists in rapid learning of local high accuracy behaviors . by exploration and regression , linear and quadratic models are learnt ←
→ fpga based implementation of deep neural networks using on - chip memory only ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) demand a very large amount of computation and weight storage , and thus efficient implementation using special purpose hardware is highly desired . in this work , we have developed an fpga based fixed - point dnn system using only on - chip memory not to access external dram . the execution time and energy consumption of the developed system is compared with a gpu based implementation . since the capacity of m ←
→ finding a sparse vector in a subspace : linear sparsity using alternating directions ; is it possible to find the sparsest vector ( direction ) in a generic subspace $\ mathcal { s } \ subseteq \ mathbb { r }^ p $ with $\ mathrm { dim }(\ mathcal { s })= n < p $? this problem can be considered a homogeneous variant of the sparse recovery problem , and finds connections to sparse dictionary learning , sparse pca , and many other problems in signal processing and machine learning . in this paper , we focus on a ** planted sparse model *←
→ sliced wasserstein generative models ; in the paper , we introduce a model of sliced optimal transport ( sot ), which measures the distribution affinity with sliced wasserstein distance ( swd ). since swd enjoys the property of factorizing high - dimensional joint distributions into their multiple one - dimensional marginal distributions , its dual and primal forms can be approximated easier compared to wasserstein distance ( wd ). thus , we propose two types of differentiable sot blocks to equip modern generative frame ←
→ deep neural network compression with single and multiple level quantization ; network quantization is an effective solution to compress deep neural networks for practical usage . existing network quantization methods cannot sufficiently exploit the depth information to generate low - bit compressed network . in this paper , we propose two novel network quantization approaches , single - level network quantization ( slq ) for high - bit quantization and multi - level network quantization ( mlq ) for extremely low - bit quan ←
→ a learning and masking approach to secure learning ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have been shown to be vulnerable against adversarial examples , which are data points cleverly constructed to fool the classifier . such attacks can be devastating in practice , especially as dnns are being applied to ever increasing critical tasks like image recognition in autonomous driving . in this paper , we introduce a new perspective on the problem . we do so by first defining robustness of a classifier to adversarial exploita ←
→ algorithms and complexity results for exact bayesian structure learning ; bayesian structure learning is the np - hard problem of discovering a bayesian network that optimally represents a given set of training data . in this paper we study the computational worst - case complexity of exact bayesian structure learning under graph theoretic restrictions on the super - structure . the super - structure ( a concept introduced by perrier , imoto , and miyano , jmlr 2008 ) is an undirected graph that contains as subgraphs the ←
→ robust adversarial reinforcement learning ; deep neural networks coupled with fast simulation and improved computation have led to recent successes in the field of reinforcement learning ( rl ). however , most current rl - based approaches fail to generalize since : ( a ) the gap between simulation and real world is so large that policy - learning approaches fail to transfer ; ( b ) even if policy learning is done in real world , the data scarcity leads to failed generalization from training to test scenarios ( e . g ., due ←
→ informal concepts in machines ; this paper constructively proves the existence of an effective procedure generating a computable ( total ) function that is not contained in any given effectively enumerable set of such functions . the proof implies the existence of machines that process informal concepts such as computable ( total ) functions beyond the limits of any given turing machine or formal system , that is , these machines can , in a certain sense , " compute " function values beyond these limits . we call these ←
→ a survey on multi - view clustering ; with the fast development of information technology , especially the popularization of internet , multi - view learning becomes more and more popular in machine learning and data mining fields . as we all know that , multi - view semi - supervised learning , such as co - training , co - regularization has gained considerable attentions . although recently , multi - view clustering ( mvc ) has developed rapidly , there are not a survey or review to summarize and analyze the current progress . the ←
→ topological navigation of simulated robots using occupancy grid ; formerly i presented a metric navigation method in the webots mobile robot simulator . the navigating khepera - like robot builds an occupancy grid of the environment and explores the square - shaped room around with a value iteration algorithm . now i created a topological navigation procedure based on the occupancy grid process . the extension by a skeletonization algorithm results a graph of important places and the connecting routes among them . ←
→ rationally biased learning ; are human perception and decision biases grounded in a form of rationality ? you return to your camp after hunting or gathering . you see the grass moving . you do not know the probability that a snake is in the grass . should you cross the grass - at the risk of being bitten by a snake - or make a long , hence costly , detour ? based on this storyline , we consider a rational decision maker maximizing expected discounted utility with learning . we show that his optimal behavior displays ←
→ tensistrength : stress and relaxation magnitude detection for social media texts ; computer systems need to be able to react to stress in order to perform optimally on some tasks . this article describes tensistrength , a system to detect the strength of stress and relaxation expressed in social media text messages . tensistrength uses a lexical approach and a set of rules to detect direct and indirect expressions of stress or relaxation , particularly in the context of transportation . it is slightly more effe ←
→ using learned predictions as feedback to improve control and communication with an artificial limb : preliminary findings ; many people suffer from the loss of a limb . learning to get by without an arm or hand can be very challenging , and existing prostheses do not yet fulfil the needs of individuals with amputations . one promising solution is to provide greater communication between a prosthesis and its user . towards this end , we present a simple machine learning interface to supplement the control of a r ←
→ ensemble methods of classification for power systems security assessment ; one of the most promising approaches for complex technical systems analysis employs ensemble methods of classification . ensemble methods enable to build a reliable decision rules for feature space classification in the presence of many possible states of the system . in this paper , novel techniques based on decision trees are used for evaluation of the reliability of the regime of electric power systems . we proposed hybrid approach ba ←
→ learning deep structured models ; many problems in real - world applications involve predicting several random variables which are statistically related . markov random fields ( mrfs ) are a great mathematical tool to encode such relationships . the goal of this paper is to combine mrfs with deep learning algorithms to estimate complex representations while taking into account the dependencies between the output random variables . towards this goal , we propose a training algorithm that is able to learn structured ←
→ tunability : importance of hyperparameters of machine learning algorithms ; modern machine learning algorithms for classification or regression such as gradient boosting , random forest and neural networks involve a number of parameters that have to be fixed before running them . such parameters are commonly denoted as hyperparameters in machine learning , a terminology we also adopt here . the term tuning parameter is also frequently used to denote parameters that should be carefully tuned , i . e . optimized with ←
→ parallel and distributed approaches for graph based semi - supervised learning ; two approaches for graph based semi - supervised learning are proposed . the firstapproach is based on iteration of an affine map . a key element of the affine map iteration is sparsematrix - vector multiplication , which has several very efficient parallel implementations . the secondapproach belongs to the class of markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) algorithms . it is based onsampling of nodes by performing a random walk on the graph . th ←
→ deep word embeddings for visual speech recognition ; in this paper we present a deep learning architecture for extracting word embeddings for visual speech recognition . the embeddings summarize the information of the mouth region that is relevant to the problem of word recognition , while suppressing other types of variability such as speaker , pose and illumination . the system is comprised of a spatiotemporal convolutional layer , a residual network and bidirectional lstms and is trained on the lipreading in -←
→ the future of neural networks ; the paper describes some recent developments in neural networks and discusses the applicability of neural networks in the development of a machine that mimics the human brain . the paper mentions a new architecture , the pulsed neural network that is being considered as the next generation of neural networks . the paper also explores the use of memristors in the development of a brain - like computer called the moneta . a new model , multi / infinite dimensional neural networks , are a ←
→ crowd ideation of supervised learning problems ; crowdsourcing is an important avenue for collecting machine learning data , but crowdsourcing can go beyond simple data collection by employing the creativity and wisdom of crowd workers . yet crowd participants are unlikely to be experts in statistics or predictive modeling , and it is not clear how well non - experts can contribute creatively to the process of machine learning . here we study an end - to - end crowdsourcing algorithm where groups of non - expert worker ←
→ convolutional neural networks for non - iterative reconstruction of compressively sensed images ; traditional algorithms for compressive sensing recovery are computationally expensive and are ineffective at low measurement rates . in this work , we propose a data driven non - iterative algorithm to overcome the shortcomings of earlier iterative algorithms . our solution , reconnet , is a deep neural network , whose parameters are learned end - to - end to map block - wise compressive measurements of the scene to the desi ←
→ discriminate - and - rectify encoders : learning from image transformation sets ; the complexity of a learning task is increased by transformations in the input space that preserve class identity . visual object recognition for example is affected by changes in viewpoint , scale , illumination or planar transformations . while drastically altering the visual appearance , these changes are orthogonal to recognition and should not be reflected in the representation or feature encoding used for learning . we introduce ←
→ authorship detection of sms messages using unigrams ; sms messaging is a popular media of communication . because of its popularity and privacy , it could be used for many illegal purposes . additionally , since they are part of the day to day life , smses can be used as evidence for many legal disputes . since a cellular phone might be accessible to people close to the owner , it is important to establish the fact that the sender of the message is indeed the owner of the phone . for this purpose , the straight forw ←
→ learning fixation point strategy for object detection and classification ; we propose a novel recurrent attentional structure to localize and recognize objects jointly . the network can learn to extract a sequence of local observations with detailed appearance and rough context , instead of sliding windows or convolutions on the entire image . meanwhile , those observations are fused to complete detection and classification tasks . on training , we present a hybrid loss function to learn the parameters of the mul ←
→ residual connections encourage iterative inference ; residual networks ( resnets ) have become a prominent architecture in deep learning . however , a comprehensive understanding of resnets is still a topic of ongoing research . a recent view argues that resnets perform iterative refinement of features . we attempt to further expose properties of this aspect . to this end , we study resnets both analytically and empirically . we formalize the notion of iterative refinement in resnets by showing that residual conne ←
→ resolving language and vision ambiguities together : joint segmentation & prepositional attachment resolution in captioned scenes ; we present an approach to simultaneously perform semantic segmentation and prepositional phrase attachment resolution for captioned images . some ambiguities in language cannot be resolved without simultaneously reasoning about an associated image . if we consider the sentence " i shot an elephant in my pajamas ", looking at language alone ( and not using common sense ), it is uncle ←
→ beyond forward shortcuts : fully convolutional master - slave networks ( msnets ) with backward skip connections for semantic segmentation ; recent deep cnns contain forward shortcut connections ; i . e . skip connections from low to high layers . reusing features from lower layers that have higher resolution ( location information ) benefit higher layers to recover lost details and mitigate information degradation . however , during inference the lower layers do not know about high layer features , although they contai ←
→ person depth reid : robust person re - identification with commodity depth sensors ; this work targets person re - identification ( reid ) from depth sensors such as kinect . since depth is invariant to illumination and less sensitive than color to day - by - day appearance changes , a natural question is whether depth is an effective modality for person reid , especially in scenarios where individuals wear different colored clothes or over a period of several months . we explore the use of recurrent deep neural network ←
→ spatially variant psf modeling in confocal macroscopy ; point spread function ( psf ) plays an essential role in image reconstruction . in the context of confocal microscopy , optical performance degrades towards the edge of the field of view as astigmatism , coma and vignetting . thus , one should expect the related artifacts to be even stronger in macroscopy , where the field of view is much larger . the field aberrations in macroscopy fluorescence imaging system was observed to be symmetrical and to increase with ←
→ personalized risk scoring for critical care prognosis using mixtures of gaussian processes ; objective : in this paper , we develop a personalized real - time risk scoring algorithm that provides timely and granular assessments for the clinical acuity of ward patients based on their ( temporal ) lab tests and vital signs ; the proposed risk scoring system ensures timely intensive care unit ( icu ) admissions for clinically deteriorating patients . methods : the risk scoring system learns a set of latent patient subt ←
→ graph degree linkage : agglomerative clustering on a directed graph ; this paper proposes a simple but effective graph - based agglomerative algorithm , for clustering high - dimensional data . we explore the different roles of two fundamental concepts in graph theory , indegree and outdegree , in the context of clustering . the average indegree reflects the density near a sample , and the average outdegree characterizes the local geometry around a sample . based on such insights , we define the affinity measure of clus ←
→ characterizing a database of sequential behaviors with latent dirichlet hidden markov models ; this paper proposes a generative model , the latent dirichlet hidden markov models ( ldhmm ), for characterizing a database of sequential behaviors ( sequences ). ldhmms posit that each sequence is generated by an underlying markov chain process , which are controlled by the corresponding parameters ( i . e ., the initial state vector , transition matrix and the emission matrix ). these sequence - level latent parameters for ←
→ facial expression representation and recognition using 2dhlda , gabor wavelets , and ensemble learning ; in this paper , a novel method for representation and recognition of the facial expressions in two - dimensional image sequences is presented . we apply a variation of two - dimensional heteroscedastic linear discriminant analysis ( 2dhlda ) algorithm , as an efficient dimensionality reduction technique , to gabor representation of the input sequence . 2dhlda is an extension of the two - dimensional linear discrimina ←
→ time and activity sequence prediction of business process instances ; the ability to know in advance the trend of running process instances , with respect to different features , such as the expected completion time , would allow business managers to timely counteract to undesired situations , in order to prevent losses . therefore , the ability to accurately predict future features of running business process instances would be a very helpful aid when managing processes , especially under service level agreement ←
→ fused text segmentation networks for multi - oriented scene text detection ; in this paper , we introduce a novel end - end framework for multi - oriented scene text detection from an instance - aware semantic segmentation perspective . we present fused text segmentation networks , which combine multi - level features during the feature extracting as text instance may rely on finer feature expression compared to general objects . it detects and segments the text instance jointly and simultaneously , leveraging merits from ←
→ computational complexity lower bounds of certain discrete radon transform approximations ; for the computational model where only additions are allowed , the $\ omega ( n ^ 2 \ log n )$ lower bound on operations count with respect to image size $ n \ times n $ is obtained for two types of the discrete radon transform implementations : the fast hough transform and a generic strip pattern class which includes the classical hough transform , implying the fast hough transform algorithm asymptotic optimality . the proofs are ←
→ proof nets for display logic ; this paper explores several extensions of proof nets for the lambek calculus in order to handle the different connectives of display logic in a natural way . the new proof net calculus handles some recent additions to the lambek vocabulary such as galois connections and grishin interactions . it concludes with an exploration of the generative capacity of the lambek - grishin calculus , presenting an embedding of lexicalized tree adjoining grammars into the lambek - grishin calculus .←
→ distance formulas capable of unifying euclidian space and probability space ; for pattern recognition like image recognition , it has become clear that each machine - learning dictionary data actually became data in probability space belonging to euclidean space . however , the distances in the euclidean space and the distances in the probability space are separated and ununified when machine learning is introduced in the pattern recognition . there is still a problem that it is impossible to directly calculate ←
→ an $ o ( n \ log ( n ))$ algorithm for projecting onto the ordered weighted $\ ell_1 $ norm ball ; the ordered weighted $\ ell_1 $ ( owl ) norm is a newly developed generalization of the octogonal shrinkage and clustering algorithm for regression ( oscar ) norm . this norm has desirable statistical properties and can be used to perform simultaneous clustering and regression . in this paper , we show how to compute the projection of an $ n $- dimensional vector onto the owl norm ball in $ o ( n \ log ( n ))$ operations . in addition , we ←
→ optimizing ranking measures for compact binary code learning ; hashing has proven a valuable tool for large - scale information retrieval . despite much success , existing hashing methods optimize over simple objectives such as the reconstruction error or graph laplacian related loss functions , instead of the performance evaluation criteria of interest --- multivariate performance measures such as the auc and ndcg . here we present a general framework ( termed structhash ) that allows one to directly optimize multiv ←
→ learning to predict where to look in interactive environments using deep recurrent q - learning ; bottom - up ( bu ) saliency models do not perform well in complex interactive environments where humans are actively engaged in tasks ( e . g ., sandwich making and playing the video games ). in this paper , we leverage reinforcement learning ( rl ) to highlight task - relevant locations of input frames . we propose a soft attention mechanism combined with the deep q - network ( dqn ) model to teach an rl agent how to play a game ←
→ weight normalization : a simple reparameterization to accelerate training of deep neural networks ; we present weight normalization : a reparameterization of the weight vectors in a neural network that decouples the length of those weight vectors from their direction . by reparameterizing the weights in this way we improve the conditioning of the optimization problem and we speed up convergence of stochastic gradient descent . our reparameterization is inspired by batch normalization but does not introduce an ←
→ survey on the estimation of mutual information methods as a measure of dependency versus correlation analysis ; in this survey , we present and compare different approaches to estimate mutual information ( mi ) from data to analyse general dependencies between variables of interest in a system . we demonstrate the performance difference of mi versus correlation analysis , which is only optimal in case of linear dependencies . first , we use a piece - wise constant bayesian methodology using a general dirichlet pri ←
→ deterministic non - autoregressive neural sequence modeling by iterative refinement ; we propose a conditional non - autoregressive neural sequence model based on iterative refinement . the proposed model is designed based on the principles of latent variable models and denoising autoencoders , and is generally applicable to any sequence generation task . we extensively evaluate the proposed model on machine translation ( en - de and en - ro ) and image caption generation , and observe that it significantly speeds up d ←
→ best - arm identification in linear bandits ; we study the best - arm identification problem in linear bandit , where the rewards of the arms depend linearly on an unknown parameter $\ theta ^*$ and the objective is to return the arm with the largest reward . we characterize the complexity of the problem and introduce sample allocation strategies that pull arms to identify the best arm with a fixed confidence , while minimizing the sample budget . in particular , we show the importance of exploiting the global linear ←
→ from texts to structured documents : the case of health practice guidelines ; this paper describes a system capable of semi - automatically filling an xml template from free texts in the clinical domain ( practice guidelines ). the xml template includes semantic information not explicitly encoded in the text ( pairs of conditions and actions / recommendations ). therefore , there is a need to compute the exact scope of conditions over text sequences expressing the required actions . we present in this paper the rule ←
→ constraining the size growth of the task space with socially guided intrinsic motivation using demonstrations ; this paper presents an algorithm for learning a highly redundant inverse model in continuous and non - preset environments . our socially guided intrinsic motivation by demonstrations ( sgim - d ) algorithm combines the advantages of both social learning and intrinsic motivation , to specialise in a wide range of skills , while lessening its dependence on the teacher . sgim - d is evaluated on a fishing ski ←
→ a comparative study of histogram equalization based image enhancement techniques for brightness preservation and contrast enhancement ; histogram equalization is a contrast enhancement technique in the image processing which uses the histogram of image . however histogram equalization is not the best method for contrast enhancement because the mean brightness of the output image is significantly different from the input image . there are several extensions of histogram equalization has been proposed to over ←
→ cyclical learning rates for training neural networks ; it is known that the learning rate is the most important hyper - parameter to tune for training deep neural networks . this paper describes a new method for setting the learning rate , named cyclical learning rates , which practically eliminates the need to experimentally find the best values and schedule for the global learning rates . instead of monotonically decreasing the learning rate , this method lets the learning rate cyclically vary between reasonable ←
→ evolving boolean networks with rna editing ; the editing of transcribed rna by other molecules such that the form of the final product differs from that specified in the corresponding dna sequence is ubiquitous . this paper uses an abstract , tunable boolean genetic regulatory network model to explore aspects of rna editing . in particular , it is shown how dynamically altering expressed sequences via a guide rna - inspired mechanism can be selected for by simulated evolution under various single and multicellula ←
→ safe policy improvement with baseline bootstrapping ; a common goal in reinforcement learning is to derive a good strategy given a limited batch of data . in this paper , we adopt the safe policy improvement ( spi ) approach : we compute a target policy guaranteed to perform at least as well as a given baseline policy . our spi strategy , inspired by the knows - what - it - knows paradigms , consists in bootstrapping the target policy with the baseline policy when it does not know . we develop two computationally efficien ←
→ fast online em for big topic modeling ; the expectation - maximization ( em ) algorithm can compute the maximum - likelihood ( ml ) or maximum a posterior ( map ) point estimate of the mixture models or latent variable models such as latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ), which has been one of the most popular probabilistic topic modeling methods in the past decade . however , batch em has high time and space complexities to learn big lda models from big data streams . in this paper , we present a fast online em ( foem ) algor ←
→ rule based stemmer in urdu ; urdu is a combination of several languages like arabic , hindi , english , turkish , sanskrit etc . it has a complex and rich morphology . this is the reason why not much work has been done in urdu language processing . stemming is used to convert a word into its respective root form . in stemming , we separate the suffix and prefix from the word . it is useful in search engines , natural language processing and word processing , spell checkers , word parsing , word frequency and count studie ←
→ ros regression : integrating regularization and optimal scaling regression ; in this paper we combine two important extensions of ordinary least squares regression : regularization and optimal scaling . optimal scaling ( sometimes also called optimal scoring ) has originally been developed for categorical data , and the process finds quantifications for the categories that are optimal for the regression model in the sense that they maximize the multiple correlation . although the optimal scaling method was devel ←
→ high - dimensional black - box optimization via divide and approximate conquer ; divide and conquer ( dc ) is conceptually well suited to high - dimensional optimization by decomposing a problem into multiple small - scale sub - problems . however , appealing performance can be seldom observed when the sub - problems are interdependent . this paper suggests that the major difficulty of tackling interdependent sub - problems lies in the precise evaluation of a partial solution ( to a sub - problem ), which can be overwhelmingly ←
→ autoencoding time series for visualisation ; we present an algorithm for the visualisation of time series . to that end we employ echo state networks to convert time series into a suitable vector representation which is capable of capturing the latent dynamics of the time series . subsequently , the obtained vector representations are put through an autoencoder and the visualisation is constructed using the activations of the bottleneck . the crux of the work lies with defining an objective function that quanti ←
→ frame - based continuous lexical semantics through exponential family tensor factorization and semantic proto - roles ; we study how different frame annotations complement one another when learning continuous lexical semantics . we learn the representations from a tensorized skip - gram model that consistently encodes syntactic - semantic content better , with multiple 10 % gains over baselines .←
→ meta - learning via feature - label memory network ; deep learning typically requires training a very capable architecture using large datasets . however , many important learning problems demand an ability to draw valid inferences from small size datasets , and such problems pose a particular challenge for deep learning . in this regard , various researches on " meta - learning " are being actively conducted . recent work has suggested a memory augmented neural network ( mann ) for meta - learning . mann is an implementation ←
→ can inferred provenance and its visualisation be used to detect erroneous annotation ? a case study using uniprotkb ; a constant influx of new data poses a challenge in keeping the annotation in biological databases current . most biological databases contain significant quantities of textual annotation , which often contains the richest source of knowledge . many databases reuse existing knowledge , during the curation process annotations are often propagated between entries . however , this is often not made e ←
→ boosting with the logistic loss is consistent ; this manuscript provides optimization guarantees , generalization bounds , and statistical consistency results for adaboost variants which replace the exponential loss with the logistic and similar losses ( specifically , twice differentiable convex losses which are lipschitz and tend to zero on one side ). the heart of the analysis is to show that , in lieu of explicit regularization and constraints , the structure of the problem is fairly rigidly controlled by th ←
→ monte carlo structured svi for two - level non - conjugate models ; the stochastic variational inference ( svi ) paradigm , which combines variational inference , natural gradients , and stochastic updates , was recently proposed for large - scale data analysis in conjugate bayesian models and demonstrated to be effective in several problems . this paper studies a family of bayesian latent variable models with two levels of hidden variables but without any conjugacy requirements , making several contributions in this con ←
→ an analysis on selection for high - resolution approximations in many - objective optimization ; this work studies the behavior of three elitist multi - and many - objective evolutionary algorithms generating a high - resolution approximation of the pareto optimal set . several search - assessment indicators are defined to trace the dynamics of survival selection and measure the ability to simultaneously keep optimal solutions and discover new ones under different population sizes , set as a fraction of the size of th ←
→ multiple instance reinforcement learning for efficient weakly - supervised detection in images ; state - of - the - art visual recognition and detection systems increasingly rely on large amounts of training data and complex classifiers . therefore it becomes increasingly expensive both to manually annotate datasets and to keep running times at levels acceptable for practical applications . in this paper , we propose two solutions to address these issues . first , we introduce a weakly supervised , segmentation - based a ←
→ comparing haar - hilbert and log - gabor based iris encoders on bath iris image database ; this papers introduces a new family of iris encoders which use 2 - dimensional haar wavelet transform for noise attenuation , and hilbert transform to encode the iris texture . in order to prove the usefulness of the newly proposed iris encoding approach , the recognition results obtained by using these new encoders are compared to those obtained using the classical log - gabor iris encoder . twelve tests involving single / mult ←
→ target driven instance detection ; while state - of - the - art general object detectors are getting better and better , there are not many systems specifically designed to take advantage of the instance detection problem . for many applications , such as household robotics , a system may need to recognize a few very specific instances at a time . speed can be critical in these applications , as can the need to recognize previously unseen instances . we introduce a target driven instance detector ( tdid ), which modifies e ←
→ an iterative approach to hough transform without re - voting ; many bone shapes in the human skeleton are characterized by profiles that can be associated to equations of algebraic curves . fixing the parameters in the curve equation , by means of a classical pattern recognition procedure like the hough transform technique , it is then possible to associate an equation to a specific bone profile . however , most skeleton districts are more accurately described by piecewise defined curves . this paper utilizes an it ←
→ towards knowledge discovery from the vatican secret archives . in codice ratio -- episode 1 : machine transcription of the manuscripts ; in codice ratio is a research project to study tools and techniques for analyzing the contents of historical documents conserved in the vatican secret archives ( vsa ). in this paper , we present our efforts to develop a system to support the transcription of medieval manuscripts . the goal is to provide paleographers with a tool to reduce their efforts in transcribing large v ←
→ cross - country skiing gears classification using deep learning ; human activity recognition has witnessed a significant progress in the last decade . although a great deal of work in this field goes in recognizing normal human activities , few studies focused on identifying motion in sports . recognizing human movements in different sports has high impact on understanding the different styles of humans in the play and on improving their performance . as deep learning models proved to have good results in many cl ←
→ iterative optimization and simplification of hierarchical clusterings ; clustering is often used for discovering structure in data . clustering systems differ in the objective function used to evaluate clustering quality and the control strategy used to search the space of clusterings . ideally , the search strategy should consistently construct clusterings of high quality , but be computationally inexpensive as well . in general , we cannot have it both ways , but we can partition the search so that a system inex ←
→ decision - theoretic planning with non - markovian rewards ; a decision process in which rewards depend on history rather than merely on the current state is called a decision process with non - markovian rewards ( nmrdp ). in decision - theoretic planning , where many desirable behaviours are more naturally expressed as properties of execution sequences rather than as properties of states , nmrdps form a more natural model than the commonly adopted fully markovian decision process ( mdp ) model . while the more tractable ←
→ domain adaptation and transfer learning in stochasticnets ; transfer learning is a recent field of machine learning research that aims to resolve the challenge of dealing with insufficient training data in the domain of interest . this is a particular issue with traditional deep neural networks where a large amount of training data is needed . recently , stochasticnets was proposed to take advantage of sparse connectivity in order to decrease the number of parameters that needs to be learned , which in turn may ←
→ geracao automatica de paineis de controle para analise de mobilidade urbana utilizando redes complexas ; in this paper we describe an automatic generator to support the data scientist to construct , in a user - friendly way , dashboards from data represented as networks . the generator called sbinet ( semantic for business intelligence from networks ) has a semantic layer that , through ontologies , describes the data that represents a network as well as the possible metrics to be calculated in the network . thus , ←
→ knowledge driven offline to online script conversion ; the problem of offline to online script conversion is a challenging and an ill - posed problem . the interest in offline to online conversion exists because there are a plethora of robust algorithms in online script literature which can not be used on offline scripts . in this paper , we propose a method , based on heuristics , to extract online script information from offline bitmap image . we show the performance of the proposed method on a real sample signat ←
→ colour image segmentation by the vector - valued allen - cahn phase - field model : a multigrid solution ; we propose a new method for the numerical solution of a pde - driven model for colour image segmentation and give numerical examples of the results . the method combines the vector - valued allen - cahn phase field equation with initial data fitting terms . this method is known to be closely related to the mumford - shah problem and the level set segmentation by chan and vese . our numerical solution is performed usin ←
→ parametric local metric learning for nearest neighbor classification ; we study the problem of learning local metrics for nearest neighbor classification . most previous works on local metric learning learn a number of local unrelated metrics . while this " independence " approach delivers an increased flexibility its downside is the considerable risk of overfitting . we present a new parametric local metric learning method in which we learn a smooth metric matrix function over the data manifold . using an approx ←
→ transfer learning across low - resource , related languages for neural machine translation ; we present a simple method to improve neural translation of a low - resource language pair using parallel data from a related , also low - resource , language pair . the method is based on the transfer method of zoph et al ., but whereas their method ignores any source vocabulary overlap , ours exploits it . first , we split words using byte pair encoding ( bpe ) to increase vocabulary overlap . then , we train a model on the first ←
→ relaxed spatio - temporal deep feature aggregation for real - fake expression prediction ; frame - level visual features are generally aggregated in time with the techniques such as lstm , fisher vectors , netvlad etc . to produce a robust video - level representation . we here introduce a learnable aggregation technique whose primary objective is to retain short - time temporal structure between frame - level features and their spatial interdependencies in the representation . also , it can be easily adapted to the cases ←
→ learning to prune deep neural networks via layer - wise optimal brain surgeon ; how to develop slim and accurate deep neural networks has become crucial for real - world applications , especially for those employed in embedded systems . though previous work along this research line has shown some promising results , most existing methods either fail to significantly compress a well - trained deep network or require a heavy retraining process for the pruned deep network to re - boost its prediction performance . in t ←
→ the interaction of entropy - based discretization and sample size : an empirical study ; an empirical investigation of the interaction of sample size and discretization - in this case the entropy - based method caim ( class - attribute interdependence maximization ) - was undertaken to evaluate the impact and potential bias introduced into data mining performance metrics due to variation in sample size as it impacts the discretization process . of particular interest was the effect of discretizing within cross - vali ←
→ the affine transforms for image enhancement in the context of logarithmic models ; the logarithmic model offers new tools for image processing . an efficient method for image enhancement is to use an affine transformation with the logarithmic operations : addition and scalar multiplication . we define some criteria for automatically determining the parameters of the processing and this is done via mean and variance computed by logarithmic operations .←
→ accelerating deep learning with shrinkage and recall ; deep learning is a very powerful machine learning model . deep learning trains a large number of parameters for multiple layers and is very slow when data is in large scale and the architecture size is large . inspired from the shrinking technique used in accelerating computation of support vector machines ( svm ) algorithm and screening technique used in lasso , we propose a shrinking deep learning with recall ( sdlr ) approach to speed up deep learning compu ←
→ depechemood : a lexicon for emotion analysis from crowd - annotated news ; while many lexica annotated with words polarity are available for sentiment analysis , very few tackle the harder task of emotion analysis and are usually quite limited in coverage . in this paper , we present a novel approach for extracting - in a totally automated way - a high - coverage and high - precision lexicon of roughly 37 thousand terms annotated with emotion scores , called depechemood . our approach exploits in an original way ' crowd ←
→ utility - probability duality ; this paper presents duality between probability distributions and utility functions .←
→ quality - efficiency trade - offs in machine learning for text processing ; data mining , machine learning , and natural language processing are powerful techniques that can be used together to extract information from large texts . depending on the task or problem at hand , there are many different approaches that can be used . the methods available are continuously being optimized , but not all these methods have been tested and compared in a set of problems that can be solved using supervised machine learning algo ←
→ a full non - monotonic transition system for unrestricted non - projective parsing ; restricted non - monotonicity has been shown beneficial for the projective arc - eager dependency parser in previous research , as posterior decisions can repair mistakes made in previous states due to the lack of information . in this paper , we propose a novel , fully non - monotonic transition system based on the non - projective covington algorithm . as a non - monotonic system requires exploration of erroneous actions during the traini ←
→ language bootstrapping : learning word meanings from perception - action association ; we address the problem of bootstrapping language acquisition for an artificial system similarly to what is observed in experiments with human infants . our method works by associating meanings to words in manipulation tasks , as a robot interacts with objects and listens to verbal descriptions of the interactions . the model is based on an affordance network , i . e ., a mapping between robot actions , robot perceptions , and the p ←
→ distributed dictionary learning ; the paper studies distributed dictionary learning ( dl ) problems where the learning task is distributed over a multi - agent network with time - varying ( nonsymmetric ) connectivity . this formulation is relevant , for instance , in big - data scenarios where massive amounts of data are collected / stored in different spatial locations and it is unfeasible to aggregate and / or process all the data in a fusion center , due to resource limitations , communication overhead or privacy consider ←
→ learning high - dimensional mixtures of graphical models ; we consider unsupervised estimation of mixtures of discrete graphical models , where the class variable corresponding to the mixture components is hidden and each mixture component over the observed variables can have a potentially different markov graph structure and parameters . we propose a novel approach for estimating the mixture components , and our output is a tree - mixture model which serves as a good approximation to the underlying graphical mode ←
→ representing sentences as low - rank subspaces ; sentences are important semantic units of natural language . a generic , distributional representation of sentences that can capture the latent semantics is beneficial to multiple downstream applications . we observe a simple geometry of sentences -- the word representations of a given sentence ( on average 10 . 23 words in all semeval datasets with a standard deviation 4 . 84 ) roughly lie in a low - rank subspace ( roughly , rank 4 ). motivated by this observation , we repr ←
→ an extensive experimental study on the cluster - based reference set reduction for speeding - up the k - nn classifier ; the k - nearest neighbor ( k - nn ) classification algorithm is one of the most widely - used lazy classifiers because of its simplicity and ease of implementation . it is considered to be an effective classifier and has many applications . however , its major drawback is that when sequential search is used to find the neighbors , it involves high computational cost . speeding - up k - nn search is still an a ←
→ markovian models for one dimensional structure estimation on heavily noisy imagery ; radar ( sar ) images often exhibit profound appearance variations due to a variety of factors including clutter noise produced by the coherent nature of the illumination . ultrasound images and infrared images have similar cluttered appearance , that make 1 dimensional structures , as edges and object boundaries difficult to locate . structure information is usually extracted in two steps : first , building and edge strength mask ←
→ unsupervised , knowledge - free , and interpretable word sense disambiguation ; interpretability of a predictive model is a powerful feature that gains the trust of users in the correctness of the predictions . in word sense disambiguation ( wsd ), knowledge - based systems tend to be much more interpretable than knowledge - free counterparts as they rely on the wealth of manually - encoded elements representing word senses , such as hypernyms , usage examples , and images . we present a wsd system that bridges the gap be ←
→ similarnet : simultaneous intelligent localization and recognition network ; global average pooling ( gap ) [ 4 ] has been used previously to generate class activation for image classification tasks . the motivation behind similarnet comes from the fact that the convolutional filters possess position information of the essential features and hence , combination of the feature maps could help us locate the class instances in an image . we propose a biologically inspired model that is free of differential connectio ←
→ accelerating gmm - based patch priors for image restoration : three ingredients for a 100 $\ times $ speed - up ; image restoration methods aim to recover the underlying clean image from corrupted observations . the expected patch log - likelihood ( epll ) algorithm is a powerful image restoration method that uses a gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) prior on the patches of natural images . although it is very effective for restoring images , its high runtime complexity makes epll ill - suited for most practical applications . i ←
→ analysis of supervised and semi - supervised growcut applied to segmentation of masses in mammography images ; breast cancer is already one of the most common form of cancer worldwide . mammography image analysis is still the most effective diagnostic method to promote the early detection of breast cancer . accurately segmenting tumors in digital mammography images is important to improve diagnosis capabilities of health specialists and avoid misdiagnosis . in this work , we evaluate the feasibility of applying ←
→ supervised learning of digital image restoration based on quantization nearest neighbor algorithm ; in this paper , an algorithm is proposed for image restoration . such algorithm is different from the traditional approaches in this area , by utilizing priors that are learned from similar images . original images and their degraded versions by the known degradation operators are utilized for designing the quantization . the code vectors are designed using the blurred images . for each such vector , the high freq ←
→ semantic document distance measures and unsupervised document revision detection ; in this paper , we model the document revision detection problem as a minimum cost branching problem that relies on computing document distances . furthermore , we propose two new document distance measures , word vector - based dynamic time warping ( wdtw ) and word vector - based tree edit distance ( wted ). our revision detection system is designed for a large scale corpus and implemented in apache spark . we demonstrate that our sys ←
→ image biomarker standardisation initiative ; while analysis of medical images has practically taken place since the first image was recorded , high throughput analysis of medical images is a more recent phenomenon . the aim of such a radiomics process is to provide decision support based on medical imaging . part of the radiomics process is the conversion of image data into numerical features which capture different medical image aspects , and can be subsequently correlated as biomarkers to e . g . expected oncolo ←
→ regression for sets of polynomial equations ; we propose a method called ideal regression for approximating an arbitrary system of polynomial equations by a system of a particular type . using techniques from approximate computational algebraic geometry , we show how we can solve ideal regression directly without resorting to numerical optimization . ideal regression is useful whenever the solution to a learning problem can be described by a system of polynomial equations . as an example , we demonstrate how to ←
→ eac - net : a region - based deep enhancing and cropping approach for facial action unit detection ; in this paper , we propose a deep learning based approach for facial action unit detection by enhancing and cropping the regions of interest . the approach is implemented by adding two novel nets ( layers ): the enhancing layers and the cropping layers , to a pretrained cnn model . for the enhancing layers , we designed an attention map based on facial landmark features and applied it to a pretrained neural network to ←
→ neutrosophic information in the framework of multi - valued representation ; the paper presents some steps for multi - valued representation of neutrosophic information . these steps are provided in the framework of multi - valued logics using the following logical value : true , false , neutral , unknown and saturated . also , this approach provides some calculus formulae for the following neutrosophic features : truth , falsity , neutrality , ignorance , under - definedness , over - definedness , saturation and entropy . in addit ←
→ online similarity prediction of networked data from known and unknown graphs ; we consider online similarity prediction problems over networked data . we begin by relating this task to the more standard class prediction problem , showing that , given an arbitrary algorithm for class prediction , we can construct an algorithm for similarity prediction with " nearly " the same mistake bound , and vice versa . after noticing that this general construction is computationally infeasible , we target our study to {\ em fe ←
→ analysis of semi - supervised learning with the yarowsky algorithm ; the yarowsky algorithm is a rule - based semi - supervised learning algorithm that has been successfully applied to some problems in computational linguistics . the algorithm was not mathematically well understood until ( abney 2004 ) which analyzed some specific variants of the algorithm , and also proposed some new algorithms for bootstrapping . in this paper , we extend abney ' s work and show that some of his proposed algorithms actually optimize ( a ←
→ on the incorporation of interval - valued fuzzy sets into the bousi - prolog system : declarative semantics , implementation and applications ; in this paper we analyse the benefits of incorporating interval - valued fuzzy sets into the bousi - prolog system . a syntax , declarative semantics and im - plementation for this extension is presented and formalised . we show , by using potential applications , that fuzzy logic programming frameworks enhanced with them can correctly work together with lexical resources and ont ←
→ csstag : optical nanoscale radar and particle tracking for in - body and microfluidic systems with vibrating graphene and resonance energy transfer ; single particle tracking systems monitor cellular processes with great accuracy in nano - biological systems . the emissions of the fluorescent molecules are detected with cameras or photodetectors . however , state - of - the - art imaging systems have challenges in the detection capability , collection and analysis of imaging data , penetration depth and complicated set - u ←
→ image retrieval based on binary signature ang s - kgraph ; in this paper , we introduce an optimum approach for querying similar images on large digital - image databases . our work is based on rbir ( region - based image retrieval ) method which uses multiple regions as the key to retrieval images . this method significantly improves the accuracy of queries . however , this also increases the cost of computing . to reduce this expensive computational cost , we implement binary signature encoder which maps an image to its ←
→ parallelizing word2vec in shared and distributed memory ; word2vec is a widely used algorithm for extracting low - dimensional vector representations of words . it generated considerable excitement in the machine learning and natural language processing ( nlp ) communities recently due to its exceptional performance in many nlp applications such as named entity recognition , sentiment analysis , machine translation and question answering . state - of - the - art algorithms including those by mikolov et al . have been para ←
→ harvesting creative templates for generating stylistically varied restaurant reviews ; many of the creative and figurative elements that make language exciting are lost in translation in current natural language generation engines . in this paper , we explore a method to harvest templates from positive and negative reviews in the restaurant domain , with the goal of vastly expanding the types of stylistic variation available to the natural language generator . we learn hyperbolic adjective patterns that are r ←
→ on matching skulls to digital face images : a preliminary approach ; forensic application of automatically matching skull with face images is an important research area linking biometrics with practical applications in forensics . it is an opportunity for biometrics and face recognition researchers to help the law enforcement and forensic experts in giving an identity to unidentified human skulls . it is an extremely challenging problem which is further exacerbated due to lack of any publicly available databas ←
→ important molecular descriptors selection using self tuned reweighted sampling method for prediction of antituberculosis activity ; in this paper , a new descriptor selection method for selecting an optimal combination of important descriptors of sulfonamide derivatives data , named self tuned reweighted sampling ( strs ), is developed . descriptors are defined as the descriptors with large absolute coefficients in a multivariate linear regression model such as partial least squares ( pls ). in this study , the ab ←
→ surprising properties of dropout in deep networks ; we analyze dropout in deep networks with rectified linear units and the quadratic loss . our results expose surprising differences between the behavior of dropout and more traditional regularizers like weight decay . for example , on some simple data sets dropout training produces negative weights even though the output is the sum of the inputs . this provides a counterpoint to the suggestion that dropout discourages co - adaptation of weights . we also show that ←
→ face recognition based on svm and 2dpca ; the paper will present a novel approach for solving face recognition problem . our method combines 2d principal component analysis ( 2dpca ), one of the prominent methods for extracting feature vectors , and support vector machine ( svm ), the most powerful discriminative method for classification . experiments based on proposed method have been conducted on two public data sets feret and at & t ; the results show that the proposed method could improve the classification rate ←
→ using the crowd to generate content for scenario - based serious - games ; in the last decade , scenario - based serious - games have become a main tool for learning new skills and capabilities . an important factor in the development of such systems is the overhead in time , cost and human resources to manually create the content for these scenarios . we focus on how to create content for scenarios in medical , military , commerce and gaming applications where maintaining the integrity and coherence of the content is in ←
→ full - reference image quality assessment by combining global and local distortion measures ; full - reference image quality assessment ( fr - iqa ) techniques compare a reference and a distorted / test image and predict the perceptual quality of the test image in terms of a scalar value representing an objective score . the evaluation of fr - iqa techniques is carried out by comparing the objective scores from the techniques with the subjective scores ( obtained from human observers ) provided in the image databases us ←
→ crafting gbd - net for object detection ; the visual cues from multiple support regions of different sizes and resolutions are complementary in classifying a candidate box in object detection . effective integration of local and contextual visual cues from these regions has become a fundamental problem in object detection . in this paper , we propose a gated bi - directional cnn ( gbd - net ) to pass messages among features from different support regions during both feature learning and feature extraction . such mess ←
→ an online ride - sharing path planning strategy for public vehicle systems ; as efficient traffic - management platforms , public vehicle ( pv ) systems are envisioned to be a promising approach to solving traffic congestions and pollutions for future smart cities . pv systems provide online / dynamic peer - to - peer ride - sharing services with the goal of serving sufficient number of customers with minimum number of vehicles and lowest possible cost . a key component of the pv system is the online ride - sharing scheduling ←
→ batch normalization and the impact of batch structure on the behavior of deep convolution networks ; batch normalization was introduced in 2015 to speed up training of deep convolution networks by normalizing the activations across the current batch to have zero mean and unity variance . the results presented here show an interesting aspect of batch normalization , where controlling the shape of the training batches can influence what the network will learn . if training batches are structured as balanced ba ←
→ this before that : causal precedence in the biomedical domain ; causal precedence between biochemical interactions is crucial in the biomedical domain , because it transforms collections of individual interactions , e . g ., bindings and phosphorylations , into the causal mechanisms needed to inform meaningful search and inference . here , we analyze causal precedence in the biomedical domain as distinct from open - domain , temporal precedence . first , we describe a novel , hand - annotated text corpus of causal precedenc ←
→ making tree ensembles interpretable ; tree ensembles , such as random forest and boosted trees , are renowned for their high prediction performance , whereas their interpretability is critically limited . in this paper , we propose a post processing method that improves the model interpretability of tree ensembles . after learning a complex tree ensembles in a standard way , we approximate it by a simpler model that is interpretable for human . to obtain the simpler model , we derive the em algorithm minimizing the ←
→ the price of differential privacy for online learning ; we design differentially private algorithms for the problem of online linear optimization in the full information and bandit settings with optimal $\ tilde { o }(\ sqrt { t })$ regret bounds . in the full - information setting , our results demonstrate that $\ epsilon $- differential privacy may be ensured for free -- in particular , the regret bounds scale as $ o (\ sqrt { t })+\ tilde { o }\ left (\ frac { 1 }{\ epsilon }\ right )$. for bandit linear optimization , and as a special case ←
→ feature extraction via recurrent random deep ensembles and its application in gruop - level happiness estimation ; this paper presents a novel ensemble framework to extract highly discriminative feature representation of image and its application for group - level happpiness intensity prediction in wild . in order to generate enough diversity of decisions , n convolutional neural networks are trained by bootstrapping the training set and extract n features for each image from them . a recurrent neural network ( r ←
→ combining local appearance and holistic view : dual - source deep neural networks for human pose estimation ; we propose a new learning - based method for estimating 2d human pose from a single image , using dual - source deep convolutional neural networks ( ds - cnn ). recently , many methods have been developed to estimate human pose by using pose priors that are estimated from physiologically inspired graphical models or learned from a holistic perspective . in this paper , we propose to integrate both the local ( bod ←
→ uncertainty and incompleteness ; two major difficulties in using default logics are their intractability and the problem of selecting among multiple extensions . we propose an approach to these problems based on integrating nommonotonic reasoning with plausible reasoning based on triangular norms . a previously proposed system for reasoning with uncertainty ( rum ) performs uncertain monotonic inferences on an acyclic graph . we have extended rum to allow nommonotonic inferences and cycles within nonmonotonic ru ←
→ multi - stream 3d fcn with multi - scale deep supervision for multi - modality isointense infant brain mr image segmentation ; we present a method to address the challenging problem of segmentation of multi - modality isointense infant brain mr images into white matter ( wm ), gray matter ( gm ), and cerebrospinal fluid ( csf ). our method is based on context - guided , multi - stream fully convolutional networks ( fcn ), which after training , can directly map a whole volumetric data to its volume - wise labels . in order to all ←
→ improving implicit semantic role labeling by predicting semantic frame arguments ; implicit semantic role labeling ( isrl ) is the task of predicting the semantic roles of a predicate that do not appear as explicit arguments , but rather regard common sense knowledge or are mentioned earlier in the discourse . we introduce an approach to isrl based on a predictive recurrent neural semantic frame model ( prnsfm ) that uses a large unannotated corpus to learn the probability of a sequence of semantic arguments gi ←
→ a computational framework for multi - modal social action identification ; we create a computational framework for understanding social action and demonstrate how this framework can be used to build an open - source event detection tool with scalable statistical machine learning algorithms and a subsampled database of over 600 million geo - tagged tweets from around the world . these tweets were collected between april 1st , 2014 and april 30th , 2015 , most notably when the black lives matter movement began . we demo ←
→ anticipatory guidance of plot ; an anticipatory system for guiding plot development in interactive narratives is described . the executable model is a finite automaton that provides the implemented system with a look - ahead . the identification of undesirable future states in the model is used to guide the player , in a transparent manner . in this way , too radical twists of the plot can be avoided . since the player participates in the development of the plot , such guidance can have many forms , depending on the ←
→ cnn - rnn : a unified framework for multi - label image classification ; while deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have shown a great success in single - label image classification , it is important to note that real world images generally contain multiple labels , which could correspond to different objects , scenes , actions and attributes in an image . traditional approaches to multi - label image classification learn independent classifiers for each category and employ ranking or thresholding on the classificat ←
→ using wikipedia to boost svd recommender systems ; singular value decomposition ( svd ) has been used successfully in recent years in the area of recommender systems . in this paper we present how this model can be extended to consider both user ratings and information from wikipedia . by mapping items to wikipedia pages and quantifying their similarity , we are able to use this information in order to improve recommendation accuracy , especially when the sparsity is high . another advantage of the proposed approa ←
→ ensembles of radial basis function networks for spectroscopic detection of cervical pre - cancer ; the mortality related to cervical cancer can be substantially reduced through early detection and treatment . however , current detection techniques , such as pap smear and colposcopy , fail to achieve a concurrently high sensitivity and specificity . in vivo fluorescence spectroscopy is a technique which quickly , non - invasively and quantitatively probes the biochemical and morphological changes that occur in pre ←
→ trajectory probability hypothesis density filter ; this paper presents the probability hypothesis density ( phd ) filter for sets of trajectories . the resulting filter , which is referred to as trajectory probability density filter ( tphd ), is capable of estimating trajectories in a principled way without requiring to evaluate all measurement - to - target association hypotheses . as the phd filter , the tphd filter is based on recursively obtaining the best poisson approximation to the multitrajectory filtering dens ←
→ prediction - adaptation - correction recurrent neural networks for low - resource language speech recognition ; in this paper , we investigate the use of prediction - adaptation - correction recurrent neural networks ( pac - rnns ) for low - resource speech recognition . a pac - rnn is comprised of a pair of neural networks in which a {\ it correction } network uses auxiliary information given by a {\ it prediction } network to help estimate the state probability . the information from the correction network is also used by the p ←
→ pose - robust face recognition via deep residual equivariant mapping ; face recognition achieves exceptional success thanks to the emergence of deep learning . however , many contemporary face recognition models still perform relatively poor in processing profile faces compared to frontal faces . a key reason is that the number of frontal and profile training faces are highly imbalanced - there are extensively more frontal training samples compared to profile ones . in addition , it is intrinsically hard to learn ←
→ bayesian models for unit discovery on a very low resource language ; developing speech technologies for low - resource languages has become a very active research field over the last decade . among others , bayesian models have shown some promising results on artificial examples but still lack of in situ experiments . our work applies state - of - the - art bayesian models to unsupervised acoustic unit discovery ( aud ) in a real low - resource language scenario . we also show that bayesian models can naturally integrate i ←
→ multiple kernel learning : a unifying probabilistic viewpoint ; we present a probabilistic viewpoint to multiple kernel learning unifying well - known regularised risk approaches and recent advances in approximate bayesian inference relaxations . the framework proposes a general objective function suitable for regression , robust regression and classification that is lower bound of the marginal likelihood and contains many regularised risk approaches as special cases . furthermore , we derive an efficient and prov ←
→ dialectical multispectral classification of diffusion - weighted magnetic resonance images as an alternative to apparent diffusion coefficients maps to perform anatomical analysis ; multispectral image analysis is a relatively promising field of research with applications in several areas , such as medical imaging and satellite monitoring . a considerable number of current methods of analysis are based on parametric statistics . alternatively , some methods in computational intelligence are inspired by biolog ←
→ speedread : a fast named entity recognition pipeline ; online content analysis employs algorithmic methods to identify entities in unstructured text . both machine learning and knowledge - base approaches lie at the foundation of contemporary named entities extraction systems . however , the progress in deploying these approaches on web - scale has been been hampered by the computational cost of nlp over massive text corpora . we present speedread ( sr ), a named entity recognition pipeline that runs at least 10 times ←
→ mixed membership models for time series ; in this article we discuss some of the consequences of the mixed membership perspective on time series analysis . in its most abstract form , a mixed membership model aims to associate an individual entity with some set of attributes based on a collection of observed data . although much of the literature on mixed membership models considers the setting in which exchangeable collections of data are associated with each member of a set of entities , it is equally natural ←
→ implementation of rule based algorithm for sandhi - vicheda of compound hindi words ; sandhi means to join two or more words to coin new word . sandhi literally means ` putting together ' or combining ( of sounds ), it denotes all combinatory sound - changes effected ( spontaneously ) for ease of pronunciation . sandhi - vicheda describes [ 5 ] the process by which one letter ( whether single or cojoined ) is broken to form two words . part of the broken letter remains as the last letter of the first word and part of the le ←
→ awesome typography : statistics - based text effects transfer ; in this work , we explore the problem of generating fantastic special - effects for the typography . it is quite challenging due to the model diversities to illustrate varied text effects for different characters . to address this issue , our key idea is to exploit the analytics on the high regularity of the spatial distribution for text effects to guide the synthesis process . specifically , we characterize the stylized patches by their normalized positi ←
→ multiple object recognition with visual attention ; we present an attention - based model for recognizing multiple objects in images . the proposed model is a deep recurrent neural network trained with reinforcement learning to attend to the most relevant regions of the input image . we show that the model learns to both localize and recognize multiple objects despite being given only class labels during training . we evaluate the model on the challenging task of transcribing house number sequences from google s ←
→ unsupervised learning from videos using temporal coherency deep networks ; in this work we address the challenging problem of unsupervised learning from videos . existing methods utilize the spatio - temporal continuity in contiguous video frames as regularization for the learning process . typically , this temporal coherence of close frames is used as a free form of annotation , encouraging the learned representations to exhibit small differences between these frames . but this type of approach fails to capture t ←
→ proximal reinforcement learning : a new theory of sequential decision making in primal - dual spaces ; in this paper , we set forth a new vision of reinforcement learning developed by us over the past few years , one that yields mathematically rigorous solutions to longstanding important questions that have remained unresolved : ( i ) how to design reliable , convergent , and robust reinforcement learning algorithms ( ii ) how to guarantee that reinforcement learning satisfies pre - specified " safety " guarantees , and r ←
→ survey on the use of typological information in natural language processing ; in recent years linguistic typology , which classifies the world ' s languages according to their functional and structural properties , has been widely used to support multilingual nlp . while the growing importance of typological information in supporting multilingual tasks has been recognised , no systematic survey of existing typological resources and their use in nlp has been published . this paper provides such a survey as well a ←
→ bounded regret in stochastic multi - armed bandits ; we study the stochastic multi - armed bandit problem when one knows the value $\ mu ^{(\ star )}$ of an optimal arm , as a well as a positive lower bound on the smallest positive gap $\ delta $. we propose a new randomized policy that attains a regret {\ em uniformly bounded over time } in this setting . we also prove several lower bounds , which show in particular that bounded regret is not possible if one only knows $\ delta $, and bounded regret of order $ 1 /\ delta $ is ←
→ compressive hyperspectral imaging via adaptive sampling and dictionary learning ; in this paper , we propose a new sampling strategy for hyperspectral signals that is based on dictionary learning and singular value decomposition ( svd ). specifically , we first learn a sparsifying dictionary from training spectral data using dictionary learning . we then perform an svd on the dictionary and use the first few left singular vectors as the rows of the measurement matrix to obtain the compressive measurements for ←
→ alignment distances on systems of bags ; recent research in image and video recognition indicates that many visual processes can be thought of as being generated by a time - varying generative model . a nearby descriptive model for visual processes is thus a statistical distribution that varies over time . specifically , modeling visual processes as streams of histograms generated by a kernelized linear dynamic system turns out to be efficient . we refer to such a model as a system of bags . in this work , we inves ←
→ detecting affordances by visuomotor simulation ; the term " affordance " denotes the behavioral meaning of objects . we propose a cognitive architecture for the detection of affordances in the visual modality . this model is based on the internal simulation of movement sequences . for each movement step , the resulting sensory state is predicted by a forward model , which in turn triggers the generation of a new ( simulated ) motor command by an inverse model . thus , a series of mental images in the sensory and in th ←
→ spectral reflectance estimation from one rgb image using self - interreflections in a concave object ; light interreflections occurring in a concave object generate a color gradient which is characteristic of the object ' s spectral reflectance . in this paper , we use this property in order to estimate the spectral reflectance of matte , uniformly colored , v - shaped surfaces from a single rgb image taken under directional lighting . first , simulations show that using one image of the concave object is equivalent ←
→ first steps in the logic - based assessment of post - composed phenotypic descriptions ; in this paper we present a preliminary logic - based evaluation of the integration of post - composed phenotypic descriptions with domain ontologies . the evaluation has been performed using a description logic reasoner together with scalable techniques : ontology modularization and approximations of the logical difference between ontologies .←
→ a unified tagging solution : bidirectional lstm recurrent neural network with word embedding ; bidirectional long short - term memory recurrent neural network ( blstm - rnn ) has been shown to be very effective for modeling and predicting sequential data , e . g . speech utterances or handwritten documents . in this study , we propose to use blstm - rnn for a unified tagging solution that can be applied to various tagging tasks including part - of - speech tagging , chunking and named entity recognition . instead of exploitin ←
→ semi - supervised vocabulary - informed learning ; despite significant progress in object categorization , in recent years , a number of important challenges remain , mainly , ability to learn from limited labeled data and ability to recognize object classes within large , potentially open , set of labels . zero - shot learning is one way of addressing these challenges , but it has only been shown to work with limited sized class vocabularies and typically requires separation between supervised and unsupervised classes , ←
→ an architecture for massive parallelization of the compact genetic algorithm ; this paper presents an architecture which is suitable for a massive parallelization of the compact genetic algorithm . the resulting scheme has three major advantages . first , it has low synchronization costs . second , it is fault tolerant , and third , it is scalable . the paper argues that the benefits that can be obtained with the proposed approach is potentially higher than those obtained with traditional parallel genetic algor ←
→ data cleaning for xml electronic dictionaries via statistical anomaly detection ; many important forms of data are stored digitally in xml format . errors can occur in the textual content of the data in the fields of the xml . fixing these errors manually is time - consuming and expensive , especially for large amounts of data . there is increasing interest in the research , development , and use of automated techniques for assisting with data cleaning . electronic dictionaries are an important form of data freque ←
→ an aggregation method for sparse logistic regression ; $ l_1 $ regularized logistic regression has now become a workhorse of data mining and bioinformatics : it is widely used for many classification problems , particularly ones with many features . however , $ l_1 $ regularization typically selects too many features and that so - called false positives are unavoidable . in this paper , we demonstrate and analyze an aggregation method for sparse logistic regression in high dimensions . this approach linearly combines th ←
→ deep learning is a good steganalysis tool when embedding key is reused for different images , even if there is a cover source - mismatch ; since the boss competition , in 2010 , most steganalysis approaches use a learning methodology involving two steps : feature extraction , such as the rich models ( rm ), for the image representation , and use of the ensemble classifier ( ec ) for the learning step . in 2015 , qian et al . have shown that the use of a deep learning approach that jointly learns and computes the feature ←
→ binary constrained deep hashing network for image retrieval without human intervention ; learning compact binary codes for image retrieval problem using deep neural networks has attracted increasing attention recently . however , training deep hashing networks is challenging due to the binary constraints on the hash codes , the similarity preserving properties , and the requirement for a vast amount of labelled images . to the best of our knowledge , none of the existing methods has tackled all of these challen ←
→ bridging the gap between probabilistic and deterministic models : a simulation study on a variational bayes predictive coding recurrent neural network model ; the current paper proposes a novel variational bayes predictive coding rnn model , which can learn to generate fluctuated temporal patterns from exemplars . the model learns to maximize the lower bound of the weighted sum of the regularization and reconstruction error terms . we examined how this weighting can affect development of different types of ←
→ torchcraft : a library for machine learning research on real - time strategy games ; we present torchcraft , a library that enables deep learning research on real - time strategy ( rts ) games such as starcraft : brood war , by making it easier to control these games from a machine learning framework , here torch . this white paper argues for using rts games as a benchmark for ai research , and describes the design and components of torchcraft .←
→ talking about the moving image : a declarative model for image schema based embodied perception grounding and language generation ; we present a general theory and corresponding declarative model for the embodied grounding and natural language based analytical summarisation of dynamic visuo - spatial imagery . the declarative model --- ecompassing spatio - linguistic abstractions , image schemas , and a spatio - temporal feature based language generator --- is modularly implemented within constraint logic programming ←
→ a model for managing collections of patterns ; data mining algorithms are now able to efficiently deal with huge amount of data . various kinds of patterns may be discovered and may have some great impact on the general development of knowledge . in many domains , end users may want to have their data mined by data mining tools in order to extract patterns that could impact their business . nevertheless , those users are often overwhelmed by the large quantity of patterns extracted in such a situation . moreover ,←
→ unsupervised learning of depth and ego - motion from monocular video using 3d geometric constraints ; we present a novel approach for unsupervised learning of depth and ego - motion from monocular video . unsupervised learning removes the need for separate supervisory signals ( depth or ego - motion ground truth , or multi - view video ). prior work in unsupervised depth learning uses pixel - wise or gradient - based losses , which only consider pixels in small local neighborhoods . our main contribution is to explicitly c ←
→ is shafer general bayes ? ; this paper examines the relationship between shafer ' s belief functions and convex sets of probability distributions . kyburg ' s ( 1986 ) result showed that belief function models form a subset of the class of closed convex probability distributions . this paper emphasizes the importance of kyburg ' s result by looking at simple examples involving bernoulli trials . furthermore , it is shown that many convex sets of probability distributions generate the same belief function in the sense th ←
→ designing deep networks for surface normal estimation ; in the past few years , convolutional neural nets ( cnn ) have shown incredible promise for learning visual representations . in this paper , we use cnns for the task of predicting surface normals from a single image . but what is the right architecture we should use ? we propose to build upon the decades of hard work in 3d scene understanding , to design new cnn architecture for the task of surface normal estimation . we show by incorporating several constrain ←
→ survey & experiment : towards the learning accuracy ; to attain the best learning accuracy , people move on with difficulties and frustrations . though one can optimize the empirical objective using a given set of samples , its generalization ability to the entire sample distribution remains questionable . even if a fair generalization guarantee is offered , one still wants to know what is to happen if the regularizer is removed , and / or how well the artificial loss ( like the hinge loss ) relates to the accuracy . ←
→ gp - gan : gender preserving gan for synthesizing faces from landmarks ; facial landmarks constitute the most compressed representation of faces and are known to preserve information such as pose , gender and facial structure present in the faces . several works exist that attempt to perform high - level face - related analysis tasks based on landmarks . in contrast , in this work , an attempt is made to tackle the inverse problem of synthesizing faces from their respective landmarks . the primary aim of this work is to ←
→ playing games against nature : optimal policies for renewable resource allocation ; in this paper we introduce a class of markov decision processes that arise as a natural model for many renewable resource allocation problems . upon extending results from the inventory control literature , we prove that they admit a closed form solution and we show how to exploit this structure to speed up its computation . we consider the application of the proposed framework to several problems arising in very different dom ←
→ description logics with fuzzy concrete domains ; we present a fuzzy version of description logics with concrete domains . main features are : ( i ) concept constructors are based on t - norm , t - conorm , negation and implication ; ( ii ) concrete domains are fuzzy sets ; ( iii ) fuzzy modifiers are allowed ; and ( iv ) the reasoning algorithm is based on a mixture of completion rules and bounded mixed integer programming .←
→ parameters optimization of deep learning models using particle swarm optimization ; deep learning has been successfully applied in several fields such as machine translation , manufacturing , and pattern recognition . however , successful application of deep learning depends upon appropriately setting its parameters to achieve high quality results . the number of hidden layers and the number of neurons in each layer of a deep machine learning network are two key parameters , which have main influence on the per ←
→ supervised quantum learning without measurements ; we propose a quantum machine learning algorithm for efficiently solving a class of problems encoded in quantum controlled unitary operations . the central physical mechanism of the protocol is the iteration of a quantum time - delayed equation that introduces feedback in the dynamics and eliminates the necessity of intermediate measurements . the performance of the quantum algorithm is analyzed by comparing the results obtained in numerical simulations with the ←
→ offline signature identification by fusion of multiple classifiers using statistical learning theory ; this paper uses support vector machines ( svm ) to fuse multiple classifiers for an offline signature system . from the signature images , global and local features are extracted and the signatures are verified with the help of gaussian empirical rule , euclidean and mahalanobis distance based classifiers . svm is used to fuse matching scores of these matchers . finally , recognition of query signatures is done ←
→ practical reasoning for very expressive description logics ; description logics ( dls ) are a family of knowledge representation formalisms mainly characterised by constructors to build complex concepts and roles from atomic ones . expressive role constructors are important in many applications , but can be computationally problematical . we present an algorithm that decides satisfiability of the dl alc extended with transitive and inverse roles and functional restrictions with respect to general concept inclusi ←
→ tikhonov regularization for long short - term memory networks ; it is a well - known fact that adding noise to the input data often improves network performance . while the dropout technique may be a cause of memory loss , when it is applied to recurrent connections , tikhonov regularization , which can be regarded as the training with additive noise , avoids this issue naturally , though it implies regularizer derivation for different architectures . in case of feedforward neural networks this is straightforward , whi ←
→ ensemble framework for real - time decision making ; this paper introduces a new framework for real - time decision making in video games . an ensemble agent is a compound agent composed of multiple agents , each with its own tasks or goals to achieve . usually when dealing with real - time decision making , reactive agents are used ; that is agents that return a decision based on the current state . while reactive agents are very fast , most games require more than just a rule - based agent to achieve good results . delib ←
→ recognizing bangla grammar using predictive parser ; we describe a context free grammar ( cfg ) for bangla language and hence we propose a bangla parser based on the grammar . our approach is very much general to apply in bangla sentences and the method is well accepted for parsing a language of a grammar . the proposed parser is a predictive parser and we construct the parse table for recognizing bangla grammar . using the parse table we recognize syntactical mistakes of bangla sentences when there is no entry ←
→ a nonparametric framework for quantifying generative inference on neuromorphic systems ; restricted boltzmann machines and deep belief networks have been successfully used in probabilistic generative model applications such as image occlusion removal , pattern completion and motion synthesis . generative inference in such algorithms can be performed very efficiently on hardware using a markov chain monte carlo procedure called gibbs sampling , where stochastic samples are drawn from noisy integrate and fire ←
→ raw multi - channel audio source separation using multi - resolution convolutional auto - encoders ; supervised multi - channel audio source separation requires extracting useful spectral , temporal , and spatial features from the mixed signals . the success of many existing systems is therefore largely dependent on the choice of features used for training . in this work , we introduce a novel multi - channel , multi - resolution convolutional auto - encoder neural network that works on raw time - domain signals to determine a ←
→ the bounded bayesian ; the ideal bayesian agent reasons from a global probability model , but real agents are restricted to simplified models which they know to be adequate only in restricted circumstances . very little formal theory has been developed to help fallibly rational agents manage the process of constructing and revising small world models . the goal of this paper is to present a theoretical framework for analyzing model management approaches . for a probability forecasting problem , a search process ←
→ ranking by dependence - a fair criteria ; estimating the dependences between random variables , and ranking them accordingly , is a prevalent problem in machine learning . pursuing frequentist and information - theoretic approaches , we first show that the p - value and the mutual information can fail even in simplistic situations . we then propose two conditions for regularizing an estimator of dependence , which leads to a simple yet effective new measure . we discuss its advantages and compare it to well - establishe ←
→ cross - modality image synthesis from unpaired data using cyclegan : effects of gradient consistency loss and training data size ; ct is commonly used in orthopedic procedures . mri is used along with ct to identify muscle structures and diagnose osteonecrosis due to its superior soft tissue contrast . however , mri has poor contrast for bone structures . clearly , it would be helpful if a corresponding ct were available , as bone boundaries are more clearly seen and ct has standardized ( i . e ., hounsfield ) units . t ←
→ asymptotic analysis of generative semi - supervised learning ; semisupervised learning has emerged as a popular framework for improving modeling accuracy while controlling labeling cost . based on an extension of stochastic composite likelihood we quantify the asymptotic accuracy of generative semi - supervised learning . in doing so , we complement distribution - free analysis by providing an alternative framework to measure the value associated with different labeling policies and resolve the fundamental question ←
→ the thermodynamic cost of fast thought ; after more than sixty years , shannon ' s research [ 1 - 3 ] continues to raise fundamental questions , such as the one formulated by luce [ 4 , 5 ], which is still unanswered : " why is information theory not very applicable to psychological problems , despite apparent similarities of concepts ?" on this topic , pinker [ 6 ], one of the foremost defenders of the computational theory of mind [ 6 ], has argued that thought is simply a type of computation , and that the gap between human co ←
→ lstm fully convolutional networks for time series classification ; fully convolutional neural networks ( fcn ) have been shown to achieve state - of - the - art performance on the task of classifying time series sequences . we propose the augmentation of fully convolutional networks with long short term memory recurrent neural network ( lstm rnn ) sub - modules for time series classification . our proposed models significantly enhance the performance of fully convolutional networks with a nominal increase in model size a ←
→ interactive prior elicitation of feature similarities for small sample size prediction ; regression under the " small $ n $, large $ p $" conditions , of small sample size $ n $ and large number of features $ p $ in the learning data set , is a recurring setting in which learning from data is difficult . with prior knowledge about relationships of the features , $ p $ can effectively be reduced , but explicating such prior knowledge is difficult for experts . in this paper we introduce a new method for eliciting expert pr ←
→ joint line segmentation and transcription for end - to - end handwritten paragraph recognition ; offline handwriting recognition systems require cropped text line images for both training and recognition . on the one hand , the annotation of position and transcript at line level is costly to obtain . on the other hand , automatic line segmentation algorithms are prone to errors , compromising the subsequent recognition . in this paper , we propose a modification of the popular and efficient multi - dimensional long sh ←
→ multi - level analysis and annotation of arabic corpora for text - to - sign language mt ; in this paper , we present an ongoing effort in lexical semantic analysis and annotation of modern standard arabic ( msa ) text , a semi automatic annotation tool concerned with the morphologic , syntactic , and semantic levels of description .←
→ real - time egocentric gesture recognition on mobile head mounted displays ; mobile virtual reality ( vr ) head mounted displays ( hmd ) have become popular among consumers in recent years . in this work , we demonstrate real - time egocentric hand gesture detection and localization on mobile hmds . our main contributions are : 1 ) a novel mixed - reality data collection tool to automatic annotate bounding boxes and gesture labels ; 2 ) the largest - to - date egocentric hand gesture and bounding box dataset with more than 400 ,←
→ what is the distribution of the number of unique original items in a bootstrap sample ? ; sampling with replacement occurs in many settings in machine learning , notably in the bagging ensemble technique and the . 632 + validation scheme . the number of unique original items in a bootstrap sample can have an important role in the behaviour of prediction models learned on it . indeed , there are uncontrived examples where duplicate items have no effect . the purpose of this report is to present the distribution of ←
→ using syntactic features for phishing detection ; this paper reports on the comparison of the subject and object of verbs in their usage between phishing emails and legitimate emails . the purpose of this research is to explore whether the syntactic structures and subjects and objects of verbs can be distinguishable features for phishing detection . to achieve the objective , we have conducted two series of experiments : the syntactic similarity for sentences , and the subject and object of verb comparison . the ←
→ you are what you eat ... listen to , watch , and read ; this article describes a data driven method for deriving the relationship between personality and media preferences . a qunatifiable representation of such a relationship can be leveraged for use in recommendation systems and ameliorate the " cold start " problem . here , the data is comprised of an original collection of 1 , 316 okcupid dating profiles . of these profiles , 800 are labeled with one of 16 possible myers - briggs type indicators ( mbti ). a personality ←
→ existence of hierarchies and human ' s pursuit of top hierarchy lead to power law ; the power law is ubiquitous in natural and social phenomena , and is considered as a universal relationship between the frequency and its rank for diverse social systems . however , a general model is still lacking to interpret why these seemingly unrelated systems share great similarity . through a detailed analysis of natural language texts and simulation experiments based on the proposed ' hierarchical selection model ', we fou ←
→ practical reasoning for expressive description logics ; description logics ( dls ) are a family of knowledge representation formalisms mainly characterised by constructors to build complex concepts and roles from atomic ones . expressive role constructors are important in many applications , but can be computationally problematical . we present an algorithm that decides satisfiability of the dl alc extended with transitive and inverse roles , role hierarchies , and qualifying number restrictions . early experiments ←
→ application of machine learning techniques in human activity recognition ; human activity detection has seen a tremendous growth in the last decade playing a major role in the field of pervasive computing . this emerging popularity can be attributed to its myriad of real - life applications primarily dealing with human - centric problems like healthcare and elder care . many research attempts with data mining and machine learning techniques have been undergoing to accurately detect human activities for e - health s ←
→ advances in boosting ( invited talk ) ; boosting is a general method of generating many simple classification rules and combining them into a single , highly accurate rule . in this talk , i will review the adaboost boosting algorithm and some of its underlying theory , and then look at how this theory has helped us to face some of the challenges of applying adaboost in two domains : in the first of these , we used boosting for predicting and modeling the uncertainty of prices in complicated , interacting auctions . ←
→ simple and efficient architecture search for convolutional neural networks ; neural networks have recently had a lot of success for many tasks . however , neural network architectures that perform well are still typically designed manually by experts in a cumbersome trial - and - error process . we propose a new method to automatically search for well - performing cnn architectures based on a simple hill climbing procedure whose operators apply network morphisms , followed by short optimization runs by cosine annea ←
→ practical uses of belief functions ; we present examples where the use of belief functions provided sound and elegant solutions to real life problems . these are essentially characterized by ? missing ' information . the examples deal with 1 ) discriminant analysis using a learning set where classes are only partially known ; 2 ) an information retrieval systems handling inter - documents relationships ; 3 ) the combination of data from sensors competent on partially overlapping frames ; 4 ) the determination of the num ←
→ motion deblurring of faces ; face analysis is a core part of computer vision , in which remarkable progress has been observed in the past decades . current methods achieve recognition and tracking with invariance to fundamental modes of variation such as illumination , 3d pose , expressions . notwithstanding , a much less standing mode of variation is motion deblurring , which however presents substantial challenges in face analysis . recent approaches either make oversimplifying assumptions , e . g . in cases of joint ←
→ toward measuring the scaling of genetic programming ; several genetic programming systems are created , each solving a different problem . in these systems , the median number of generations g needed to evolve a working program is measured . the behavior of g is observed as the difficulty of the problem is increased . in these systems , the density d of working programs in the universe of all possible programs is measured . the relationship g ~ 1 / sqrt ( d ) is observed to approximately hold for two program - like syste ←
→ weakly - supervised semantic parsing with abstract examples ; semantic parsers translate language utterances to programs , but are often trained from utterance - denotation pairs only . consequently , parsers must overcome the problem of spuriousness at training time , where an incorrect program found at search time accidentally leads to a correct denotation . we propose that in small well - typed domains , we can semi - automatically generate an abstract representation for examples that facilitates information sharing a ←
→ jabalin : a comprehensive computational model of modern standard arabic verbal morphology based on traditional arabic prosody ; the computational handling of modern standard arabic is a challenge in the field of natural language processing due to its highly rich morphology . however , several authors have pointed out that the arabic morphological system is in fact extremely regular . the existing arabic morphological analyzers have exploited this regularity to variable extent , yet we believe there is still so ←
→ keyframe - based visual - inertial online slam with relocalization ; complementing images with inertial measurements has become one of the most popular approaches to achieve highly accurate and robust real - time camera pose tracking . in this paper , we present a keyframe - based approach to visual - inertial simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ) for monocular and stereo cameras . our visual - inertial slam system is based on a real - time capable visual - inertial odometry method that provides locally consistent traj ←
→ analyzing business process anomalies using autoencoders ; businesses are naturally interested in detecting anomalies in their internal processes , because these can be indicators for fraud and inefficiencies . within the domain of business intelligence , classic anomaly detection is not very frequently researched . in this paper , we propose a method , using autoencoders , for detecting and analyzing anomalies occurring in the execution of a business process . our method does not rely on any prior knowledge about t ←
→ an associative memory for the on - line recognition and prediction of temporal sequences ; this paper presents the design of an associative memory with feedback that is capable of on - line temporal sequence learning . a framework for on - line sequence learning has been proposed , and different sequence learning models have been analysed according to this framework . the network model is an associative memory with a separate store for the sequence context of a symbol . a sparse distributed memory is used to gain s ←
→ beyond evolutionary algorithms for search - based software engineering ; context : evolutionary algorithms typically require a large number of evaluations ( of solutions ) to converge - which can be very slow and expensive to evaluate . objective : to solve search - based software engineering ( se ) problems , using fewer evaluations than evolutionary methods . method : instead of mutating a small population , we build a very large initial population which is then culled using a recursive bi - clustering chop approach . we eva ←
→ an explicit nonlinear mapping for manifold learning ; manifold learning is a hot research topic in the field of computer science and has many applications in the real world . a main drawback of manifold learning methods is , however , that there is no explicit mappings from the input data manifold to the output embedding . this prohibits the application of manifold learning methods in many practical problems such as classification and target detection . previously , in order to provide explicit mappings for manif ←
→ a rapid pattern - recognition method for driving types using clustering - based support vector machines ; a rapid pattern - recognition approach to characterize driver ' s curve - negotiating behavior is proposed . to shorten the recognition time and improve the recognition of driving styles , a k - means clustering - based support vector machine ( kmc - svm ) method is developed and used for classifying drivers into two types : aggressive and moderate . first , vehicle speed and throttle opening are treated as the feature par ←
→ gaussian process landmarking on manifolds ; as a means of improving analysis of biological shapes , we propose a greedy algorithm for sampling a riemannian manifold based on the uncertainty of a gaussian process . this is known to produce a near optimal experimental design with the manifold as the domain , and appears to outperform the use of user - placed landmarks in representing geometry of biological objects . we provide an asymptotic analysis for the decay of the maximum conditional variance , which is freque ←
→ gaze stabilization for humanoid robots : a comprehensive framework ; gaze stabilization is an important requisite for humanoid robots . previous work on this topic has focused on the integration of inertial and visual information . little attention has been given to a third component , which is the knowledge that the robot has about its own movement . in this work we propose a comprehensive framework for gaze stabilization in a humanoid robot . we focus on the problem of compensating for disturbances induced in t ←
→ a novel metaheuristics to solve mixed shop scheduling problems ; this paper represents the metaheuristics proposed for solving a class of shop scheduling problem . the bacterial foraging optimization algorithm is featured with ant colony optimization algorithm and proposed as a natural inspired computing approach to solve the mixed shop scheduling problem . the mixed shop is the combination of job shop , flow shop and open shop scheduling problems . the sample instances for all mentioned shop problems are used ←
→ zero - resource neural machine translation with multi - agent communication game ; while end - to - end neural machine translation ( nmt ) has achieved notable success in the past years in translating a handful of resource - rich language pairs , it still suffers from the data scarcity problem for low - resource language pairs and domains . to tackle this problem , we propose an interactive multimodal framework for zero - resource neural machine translation . instead of being passively exposed to large amounts of parallel co ←
→ solving stable matching problems using answer set programming ; since the introduction of the stable marriage problem ( smp ) by gale and shapley ( 1962 ), several variants and extensions have been investigated . while this variety is useful to widen the application potential , each variant requires a new algorithm for finding the stable matchings . to address this issue , we propose an encoding of the smp using answer set programming ( asp ), which can straightforwardly be adapted and extended to suit the needs of s ←
→ causal decision trees ; uncovering causal relationships in data is a major objective of data analytics . causal relationships are normally discovered with designed experiments , e . g . randomised controlled trials , which , however are expensive or infeasible to be conducted in many cases . causal relationships can also be found using some well designed observational studies , but they require domain experts ' knowledge and the process is normally time consuming . hence there is a need for scalable and automated meth ←
→ lifted probabilistic inference for asymmetric graphical models ; lifted probabilistic inference algorithms have been successfully applied to a large number of symmetric graphical models . unfortunately , the majority of real - world graphical models is asymmetric . this is even the case for relational representations when evidence is given . therefore , more recent work in the community moved to making the models symmetric and then applying existing lifted inference algorithms . however , this approach has two short ←
→ a kernel independence test for random processes ; a new non parametric approach to the problem of testing the independence of two random process is developed . the test statistic is the hilbert schmidt independence criterion ( hsic ), which was used previously in testing independence for i . i . d pairs of variables . the asymptotic behaviour of hsic is established when computed from samples drawn from random processes . it is shown that earlier bootstrap procedures which worked in the i . i . d . case will fail for rand ←
→ scaling factorial hidden markov models : stochastic variational inference without messages ; factorial hidden markov models ( fhmms ) are powerful models for sequential data but they do not scale well with long sequences . we propose a scalable inference and learning algorithm for fhmms that draws on ideas from the stochastic variational inference , neural network and copula literatures . unlike existing approaches , the proposed algorithm requires no message passing procedure among latent variables and can be d ←
→ a spanish tagset for the crater project ; this working paper describes the spanish tagset to be used in the context of crater , a cec funded project aiming at the creation of a multilingual ( english , french , spanish ) aligned corpus using the international telecommunications union corpus . in this respect , each version of the corpus will be ( or is currently ) tagged . xerox parc tagger will be adapted to spanish in order to perform the tagging of the spanish version . this tagset has been devised as the ideal one ←
→ an adaptive thresholding approach for automatic optic disk segmentation ; optic disk segmentation is a prerequisite step in automatic retinal screening systems . in this paper , we propose an algorithm for optic disk segmentation based on a local adaptive thresholding method . location of the optic disk is validated by intensity and average vessel width of retinal images . then an adaptive thresholding is applied on the temporal and nasal part of the optic disc separately . adaptive thresholding , makes our algor ←
→ image segmentation based on the hybrid total variation model and the k - means clustering strategy ; the performance of image segmentation highly relies on the original inputting image . when the image is contaminated by some noises or blurs , we can not obtain the efficient segmentation result by using direct segmentation methods . in order to efficiently segment the contaminated image , this paper proposes a two step method based on the hybrid total variation model with a box constraint and the k - means cluste ←
→ tight complexity bounds for optimizing composite objectives ; we provide tight upper and lower bounds on the complexity of minimizing the average of $ m $ convex functions using gradient and prox oracles of the component functions . we show a significant gap between the complexity of deterministic vs randomized optimization . for smooth functions , we show that accelerated gradient descent ( agd ) and an accelerated variant of svrg are optimal in the deterministic and randomized settings respectively , and that a g ←
→ dynamic graph cnn for learning on point clouds ; point clouds provide a flexible and scalable geometric representation suitable for countless applications in computer graphics ; they also comprise the raw output of most 3d data acquisition devices . hence , the design of intelligent computational models that act directly on point clouds is critical , especially when efficiency considerations or noise preclude the possibility of expensive denoising and meshing procedures . while hand - designed features on point cl ←
→ review of action recognition and detection methods ; in computer vision , action recognition refers to the act of classifying an action that is present in a given video and action detection involves locating actions of interest in space and / or time . videos , which contain photometric information ( e . g . rgb , intensity values ) in a lattice structure , contain information that can assist in identifying the action that has been imaged . the process of action recognition and detection often begins with extracting use ←
→ strawman : an ensemble of deep bag - of - ngrams for sentiment analysis ; this paper describes a builder entry , named " strawman ", to the sentence - level sentiment analysis task of the " build it , break it " shared task of the first workshop on building linguistically generalizable nlp systems . the goal of a builder is to provide an automated sentiment analyzer that would serve as a target for breakers whose goal is to find pairs of minimally - differing sentences that break the analyzer .←
→ mobile machine learning hardware at arm : a systems - on - chip ( soc ) perspective ; machine learning is playing an increasingly significant role in emerging mobile application domains such as ar / vr , adas , etc . accordingly , hardware architects have designed customized hardware for machine learning algorithms , especially neural networks , to improve compute efficiency . however , machine learning is typically just one processing stage in complex end - to - end applications , involving multiple components in a mobile sys ←
→ improved part segmentation performance by optimising realism of synthetic images using cycle generative adversarial networks ; in this paper we report on improved part segmentation performance using convolutional neural networks to reduce the dependency on the large amount of manually annotated empirical images . this was achieved by optimising the visual realism of synthetic agricultural images . in part i , a cycle consistent generative adversarial network was applied to synthetic and empirical images with ←
→ multiattribute auctions based on generalized additive independence ; we develop multiattribute auctions that accommodate generalized additive independent ( gai ) preferences . we propose an iterative auction mechanism that maintains prices on potentially overlapping gai clusters of attributes , thus decreases elicitation and computational burden , and creates an open competition among suppliers over a multidimensional domain . most significantly , the auction is guaranteed to achieve surplus which approximates opt ←
→ a new algorithm for identity verification based on the analysis of a handwritten dynamic signature ; identity verification based on authenticity assessment of a handwritten signature is an important issue in biometrics . there are many effective methods for signature verification taking into account dynamics of a signing process . methods based on partitioning take a very important place among them . in this paper we propose a new approach to signature partitioning . its most important feature is the possibil ←
→ factorization tricks for lstm networks ; we present two simple ways of reducing the number of parameters and accelerating the training of large long short - term memory ( lstm ) networks : the first one is " matrix factorization by design " of lstm matrix into the product of two smaller matrices , and the second one is partitioning of lstm matrix , its inputs and states into the independent groups . both approaches allow us to train large lstm networks significantly faster to the near state - of the art perplexity whil ←
→ can cnns construct highly accurate model efficiently with limited training samples ? ; it is well known that metamodel or surrogate modeling techniques have been widely applied in engineering problems due to their higher efficiency . however , with the increase of the linearity and dimensions , it is difficult for the present popular metamodeling techniques to construct reliable metamodel and apply to more and more complicated high dimensional problems . recently , neural networks ( nns ), especially deep neural ←
→ learning visual features from large weakly supervised data ; convolutional networks trained on large supervised dataset produce visual features which form the basis for the state - of - the - art in many computer - vision problems . further improvements of these visual features will likely require even larger manually labeled data sets , which severely limits the pace at which progress can be made . in this paper , we explore the potential of leveraging massive , weakly - labeled image collections for learning good visual ←
→ turning your weakness into a strength : watermarking deep neural networks by backdooring ; deep neural networks have recently gained lots of success after enabling several breakthroughs in notoriously challenging problems . training these networks is computationally expensive and requires vast amounts of training data . selling such pre - trained models can , therefore , be a lucrative business model . unfortunately , once the models are sold they can be easily copied and redistributed . to avoid this , a tracking m ←
→ a comprehensive trainable error model for sung music queries ; we propose a model for errors in sung queries , a variant of the hidden markov model ( hmm ). this is a solution to the problem of identifying the degree of similarity between a ( typically error - laden ) sung query and a potential target in a database of musical works , an important problem in the field of music information retrieval . similarity metrics are a critical component of query - by - humming ( qbh ) applications which search audio and multimedia d ←
→ nonparametric estimation of low rank matrix valued function ; let $ a :[ 0 , 1 ]\ rightarrow \ mathbb { h } _m $ ( the space of hermitian matrices ) be a matrix valued function which is low rank with entries in h \"{ o } lder class $\ sigma (\ beta , l )$. the goal of this paper is to study statistical estimation of $ a $ based on the regression model $\ mathbb { e }( y_j |\ tau_j , x_j ) = \ langle a (\ tau_j ), x_j \ rangle ,$ where $\ tau_j $ are i . i . d . uniformly distributed in $[ 0 , 1 ]$, $ x_j $ are i . i . d . matrix completion sampling matrices , $ y_j $ are ←
→ chinese text in the wild ; we introduce chinese text in the wild , a very large dataset of chinese text in street view images . while optical character recognition ( ocr ) in document images is well studied and many commercial tools are available , detection and recognition of text in natural images is still a challenging problem , especially for more complicated character sets such as chinese text . lack of training data has always been a problem , especially for deep learning methods which require massive trainin ←
→ fast learning rate of deep learning via a kernel perspective ; we develop a new theoretical framework to analyze the generalization error of deep learning , and derive a new fast learning rate for two representative algorithms : empirical risk minimization and bayesian deep learning . the series of theoretical analyses of deep learning has revealed its high expressive power and universal approximation capability . although these analyses are highly nonparametric , existing generalization error analyses have been ←
→ operations for learning with graphical models ; this paper is a multidisciplinary review of empirical , statistical learning from a graphical model perspective . well - known examples of graphical models include bayesian networks , directed graphs representing a markov chain , and undirected networks representing a markov field . these graphical models are extended to model data analysis and empirical learning using the notation of plates . graphical operations for simplifying and manipulating a problem are provide ←
→ starcraft ii : a new challenge for reinforcement learning ; this paper introduces sc2le ( starcraft ii learning environment ), a reinforcement learning environment based on the starcraft ii game . this domain poses a new grand challenge for reinforcement learning , representing a more difficult class of problems than considered in most prior work . it is a multi - agent problem with multiple players interacting ; there is imperfect information due to a partially observed map ; it has a large action space involving th ←
→ a reactive tabu search algorithm for stimuli generation in psycholinguistics ; the generation of meaningless " words " matching certain statistical and / or linguistic criteria is frequently needed for experimental purposes in psycholinguistics . such stimuli receive the name of pseudowords or nonwords in the cognitive neuroscience literatue . the process for building nonwords sometimes has to be based on linguistic units such as syllables or morphemes , resulting in a numerical explosion of combinations when th ←
→ general problem solving with category theory ; this paper proposes a formal cognitive framework for problem solving based on category theory . we introduce cognitive categories , which are categories with exactly one morphism between any two objects . objects in these categories are interpreted as states and morphisms as transformations between states . moreover , cognitive problems are reduced to the specification of two objects in a cognitive category : an outset ( i . e . the current state of the system ) and a goa ←
→ efficient multicore collaborative filtering ; this paper describes the solution method taken by lebusishu team for track1 in acm kdd cup 2011 contest ( resulting in the 5th place ). we identified two main challenges : the unique item taxonomy characteristics as well as the large data set size . to handle the item taxonomy , we present a novel method called matrix factorization item taxonomy regularization ( mfitr ). mfitr obtained the 2nd best prediction result out of more then ten implemented algorithms . for rapid ←
→ on the convergence of stochastic gradient mcmc algorithms with high - order integrators ; recent advances in bayesian learning with large - scale data have witnessed emergence of stochastic gradient mcmc algorithms ( sg - mcmc ), such as stochastic gradient langevin dynamics ( sgld ), stochastic gradient hamiltonian mcmc ( sghmc ), and the stochastic gradient thermostat . while finite - time convergence properties of the sgld with a 1st - order euler integrator have recently been studied , corresponding theory for general ←
→ recovery guarantee of non - negative matrix factorization via alternating updates ; non - negative matrix factorization is a popular tool for decomposing data into feature and weight matrices under non - negativity constraints . it enjoys practical success but is poorly understood theoretically . this paper proposes an algorithm that alternates between decoding the weights and updating the features , and shows that assuming a generative model of the data , it provably recovers the ground - truth under fairly mild con ←
→ lattice - based graded logic : a multimodal approach ; experts do not always feel very , comfortable when they have to give precise numerical estimations of certainty degrees . in this paper we present a qualitative approach which allows for attaching partially ordered symbolic grades to logical formulas . uncertain information is expressed by means of parameterized modal operators . we propose a semantics for this multimodal logic and give a sound and complete axiomatization . we study the links with related appro ←
→ efficient probabilistic top - down and left - corner parsing ; this paper examines efficient predictive broad - coverage parsing without dynamic programming . in contrast to bottom - up methods , depth - first top - down parsing produces partial parses that are fully connected trees spanning the entire left context , from which any kind of non - local dependency or partial semantic interpretation can in principle be read . we contrast two predictive parsing approaches , top - down and left - corner parsing , and find both to be vi ←
→ do latent tree learning models identify meaningful structure in sentences ? ; recent work on the problem of latent tree learning has made it possible to train neural networks that learn to both parse a sentence and use the resulting parse to interpret the sentence , all without exposure to ground - truth parse trees at training time . surprisingly , these models often perform better at sentence understanding tasks than models that use parse trees from conventional parsers . this paper aims to investigate what th ←
→ a comparative study between fuzzy clustering algorithm and hard clustering algorithm ; data clustering is an important area of data mining . this is an unsupervised study where data of similar types are put into one cluster while data of another types are put into different cluster . fuzzy c means is a very important clustering technique based on fuzzy logic . also we have some hard clustering techniques available like k - means among the popular ones . in this paper a comparative study is done between fuzzy cl ←
→ blind restoration for non - uniform aerial images using non - local retinex model and shearlet - based higher - order regularization ; aerial images are often degraded by space - varying motion blur and simultaneous uneven illumination . to recover high - quality aerial image from its non - uniform version , we propose a novel patch - wise restoration approach based on a key observation that the degree of blurring is inevitably affected by the illuminated conditions . a non - local retinex model is developed to accurately est ←
→ learning from longitudinal face demonstration - where tractable deep modeling meets inverse reinforcement learning ; this paper presents a novel subject - dependent deep aging path ( sdap ), which inherits the merits of both generative probabilistic modeling and inverse reinforcement learning to model the facial structures and the longitudinal face aging process of a given subject . the proposed sdap is optimized using tractable log - likelihood objective functions with convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) based ←
→ exact inference in networks with discrete children of continuous parents ; many real life domains contain a mixture of discrete and continuous variables and can be modeled as hybrid bayesian networks . animportant subclass of hybrid bns are conditional linear gaussian ( clg ) networks , where the conditional distribution of the continuous variables given an assignment to the discrete variables is a multivariate gaussian . lauritzen ' s extension to the clique tree algorithm can be used for exact inference in clg n ←
→ deep learning with lung segmentation and bone shadow exclusion techniques for chest x - ray analysis of lung cancer ; the recent progress of computing , machine learning , and especially deep learning , for image recognition brings a meaningful effect for automatic detection of various diseases from chest x - ray images ( cxrs ). here efficiency of lung segmentation and bone shadow exclusion techniques is demonstrated for analysis of 2d cxrs by deep learning approach to help radiologists identify suspicious lesion ←
→ a foundry of human activities and infrastructures ; direct representation knowledgebases can enhance and even provide an alternative to document - centered digital libraries . here we consider realist semantic modeling of everyday activities and infrastructures in such knowledgebases . because we want to integrate a wide variety of topics , a collection of ontologies ( a foundry ) and a range of other knowledge resources are needed . we first consider modeling the routine procedures that support human activities an ←
→ stochastic gradient descent : going as fast as possible but not faster ; when applied to training deep neural networks , stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) often incurs steady progression phases , interrupted by catastrophic episodes in which loss and gradient norm explode . a possible mitigation of such events is to slow down the learning process . this paper presents a novel approach to control the sgd learning rate , that uses two statistical tests . the first one , aimed at fast learning , compares the momentum o ←
→ crowd counting by adapting convolutional neural networks with side information ; computer vision tasks often have side information available that is helpful to solve the task . for example , for crowd counting , the camera perspective ( e . g ., camera angle and height ) gives a clue about the appearance and scale of people in the scene . while side information has been shown to be useful for counting systems using traditional hand - crafted features , it has not been fully utilized in counting systems based on deep ←
→ two projection pursuit algorithms for machine learning under non - stationarity ; this thesis derives , tests and applies two linear projection algorithms for machine learning under non - stationarity . the first finds a direction in a linear space upon which a data set is maximally non - stationary . the second aims to robustify two - way classification against non - stationarity . the algorithm is tested on a key application scenario , namely brain computer interfacing .←
→ analysis of classifiers ' robustness to adversarial perturbations ; the goal of this paper is to analyze an intriguing phenomenon recently discovered in deep networks , namely their instability to adversarial perturbations ( szegedy et . al ., 2014 ). we provide a theoretical framework for analyzing the robustness of classifiers to adversarial perturbations , and show fundamental upper bounds on the robustness of classifiers . specifically , we establish a general upper bound on the robustness of classifiers to adve ←
→ towards a quantum world wide web ; we elaborate a quantum model for the meaning associated with corpora of written documents , like the pages forming the world wide web . to that end , we are guided by how physicists constructed quantum theory for microscopic entities , which unlike classical objects cannot be fully represented in our spatial theater . we suggest that a similar construction needs to be carried out by linguists and computational scientists , to capture the full meaning carried by collections of do ←
→ towards a virtual assistant that can be taught new tasks in any domain by its end - users ; the challenge stated in the title can be divided into two main problems . the first problem is to reliably mimic the way that users interact with user interfaces . the second problem is to build an instructible agent , i . e . one that can be taught to execute tasks expressed as previously unseen natural language commands . this paper proposes a solution to the second problem , a system we call helpa . end - users can teach hel ←
→ predator confusion is sufficient to evolve swarming behavior ; swarming behaviors in animals have been extensively studied due to their implications for the evolution of cooperation , social cognition , and predator - prey dynamics . an important goal of these studies is discerning which evolutionary pressures favor the formation of swarms . one hypothesis is that swarms arise because the presence of multiple moving prey in swarms causes confusion for attacking predators , but it remains unclear how important this ←
→ efficient clustering with limited distance information ; given a point set s and an unknown metric d on s , we study the problem of efficiently partitioning s into k clusters while querying few distances between the points . in our model we assume that we have access to one versus all queries that given a point s 2 s return the distances between s and all other points . we show that given a natural assumption about the structure of the instance , we can efficiently find an accurate clustering using only o ( k ) di ←
→ discriminative switching linear dynamical systems applied to physiological condition monitoring ; we present a discriminative switching linear dynamical system ( dslds ) applied to patient monitoring in intensive care units ( icus ). our approach is based on identifying the state - of - health of a patient given their observed vital signs using a discriminative classifier , and then inferring their underlying physiological values conditioned on this status . the work builds on the factorial switching linear dynamic ←
→ dual path networks ; in this work , we present a simple , highly efficient and modularized dual path network ( dpn ) for image classification which presents a new topology of connection paths internally . by revealing the equivalence of the state - of - the - art residual network ( resnet ) and densely convolutional network ( densenet ) within the hornn framework , we find that resnet enables feature re - usage while densenet enables new features exploration which are both important for learning good representations . to enjo ←
→ the generalized reparameterization gradient ; the reparameterization gradient has become a widely used method to obtain monte carlo gradients to optimize the variational objective . however , this technique does not easily apply to commonly used distributions such as beta or gamma without further approximations , and most practical applications of the reparameterization gradient fit gaussian distributions . in this paper , we introduce the generalized reparameterization gradient , a method that extends the repara ←
→ open problem : approximate planning of pomdps in the class of memoryless policies ; planning plays an important role in the broad class of decision theory . planning has drawn much attention in recent work in the robotics and sequential decision making areas . recently , reinforcement learning ( rl ), as an agent - environment interaction problem , has brought further attention to planning methods . generally in rl , one can assume a generative model , e . g . graphical models , for the environment , and then the task for ←
→ can facial uniqueness be inferred from impostor scores ? ; in biometrics , facial uniqueness is commonly inferred from impostor similarity scores . in this paper , we show that such uniqueness measures are highly unstable in the presence of image quality variations like pose , noise and blur . we also experimentally demonstrate the instability of a recently introduced impostor - based uniqueness measure of [ klare and jain 2013 ] when subject to poor quality facial images .←
→ a signature - based machine learning model for bipolar disorder and borderline personality disorder ; mobile technologies offer opportunities for higher resolution monitoring of health conditions . this opportunity seems of particular promise in psychiatry where diagnoses often rely on retrospective and subjective recall of mood states . however , getting actionable information from these rather complex time series is challenging , and at present the implications for clinical care are largely hypothetical . this ←
→ cross - scale predictive dictionaries ; we propose a novel signal model , based on sparse representations , that captures cross - scale features for visual signals . we show that cross - scale predictive model enables faster solutions to sparse approximation problems . this is achieved by first solving the sparse approximation problem for the downsampled signal and using the support of the solution to constrain the support at the original resolution . the speedups obtained are especially compelling for high - dimensiona ←
→ distance metric learning for kernel machines ; recent work in metric learning has significantly improved the state - of - the - art in k - nearest neighbor classification . support vector machines ( svm ), particularly with rbf kernels , are amongst the most popular classification algorithms that uses distance metrics to compare examples . this paper provides an empirical analysis of the efficacy of three of the most popular mahalanobis metric learning algorithms as pre - processing for svm training . we show that none of ←
→ multilingual distributed representations without word alignment ; distributed representations of meaning are a natural way to encode covariance relationships between words and phrases in nlp . by overcoming data sparsity problems , as well as providing information about semantic relatedness which is not available in discrete representations , distributed representations have proven useful in many nlp tasks . recent work has shown how compositional semantic representations can successfully be applied to a number ←
→ learning graph - level representation for drug discovery ; predicating macroscopic influences of drugs on human body , like efficacy and toxicity , is a central problem of small - molecule based drug discovery . molecules can be represented as an undirected graph , and we can utilize graph convolution networks to predication molecular properties . however , graph convolutional networks and other graph neural networks all focus on learning node - level representation rather than graph - level representation . previous work ←
→ representation dependence in probabilistic inference ; non - deductive reasoning systems are often {\ em representation dependent }: representing the same situation in two different ways may cause such a system to return two different answers . some have viewed this as a significant problem . for example , the principle of maximum entropy has been subjected to much criticism due to its representation dependence . there has , however , been almost no work investigating representation dependence . in this paper , we form ←
→ scatter component analysis : a unified framework for domain adaptation and domain generalization ; this paper addresses classification tasks on a particular target domain in which labeled training data are only available from source domains different from ( but related to ) the target . two closely related frameworks , domain adaptation and domain generalization , are concerned with such tasks , where the only difference between those frameworks is the availability of the unlabeled target data : domain adaptation ←
→ a case for multiple and parallel rrams as synaptic model for training snns ; to enable a dense integration of model synapses in a spiking neural networks hardware , various nano - scale devices are being considered . such a device , besides exhibiting spike - time dependent plasticity ( stdp ), needs to be highly scalable , have a large endurance and require low energy for transitioning between states . in this work , we first introduce and empirically determine two new specifications for an synapse in snns : number o ←
→ infynlp at smm4h task 2 : stacked ensemble of shallow convolutional neural networks for identifying personal medication intake from twitter ; this paper describes infosys ' s participation in the " 2nd social media mining for health applications shared task at amia , 2017 , task 2 ". mining social media messages for health and drug related information has received significant interest in pharmacovigilance research . this task targets at developing automated classification models for identifying tweets containing ←
→ diagnosability of fuzzy discrete event systems ; in order to more effectively cope with the real - world problems of vagueness , {\ it fuzzy discrete event systems } ( fdess ) were proposed recently , and the supervisory control theory of fdess was developed . in view of the importance of failure diagnosis , in this paper , we present an approach of the failure diagnosis in the framework of fdess . more specifically : ( 1 ) we formalize the definition of diagnosability for fdess , in which the observable set and failure se ←
→ image segmentation for fruit detection and yield estimation in apple orchards ; ground vehicles equipped with monocular vision systems are a valuable source of high resolution image data for precision agriculture applications in orchards . this paper presents an image processing framework for fruit detection and counting using orchard image data . a general purpose image segmentation approach is used , including two feature learning algorithms ; multi - scale multi - layered perceptrons ( mlp ) and convolutional ne ←
→ robust event - stream pattern tracking based on correlative filter ; object tracking based on retina - inspired and event - based dynamic vision sensor ( dvs ) is challenging for the noise events , rapid change of event - stream shape , chaos of complex background textures , and occlusion . to address these challenges , this paper presents a robust event - stream pattern tracking method based on correlative filter mechanism . in the proposed method , rate coding is used to encode the event - stream object in each segment . featu ←
→ decision - theoretic planning with concurrent temporally extended actions ; we investigate a model for planning under uncertainty with temporallyextended actions , where multiple actions can be taken concurrently at each decision epoch . our model is based on the options framework , and combines it with factored state space models , where the set of options can be partitioned into classes that affectdisjoint state variables . we show that the set of decisionepochs for concurrent options defines a semi - markov decisi ←
→ learning low - density separators ; we define a novel , basic , unsupervised learning problem - learning the lowest density homogeneous hyperplane separator of an unknown probability distribution . this task is relevant to several problems in machine learning , such as semi - supervised learning and clustering stability . we investigate the question of existence of a universally consistent algorithm for this problem . we propose two natural learning paradigms and prove that , on input unlabeled random samples generate ←
→ map - aided fusion using evidential grids for mobile perception in urban environment ; evidential grids have been recently used for mobile object perception . the novelty of this article is to propose a perception scheme using prior map knowledge . a geographic map is considered an additional source of information fused with a grid representing sensor data . yager ' s rule is adapted to exploit the dempster - shafer conflict information at large . in order to distinguish stationary and mobile objects , a counter is ←
→ continual reinforcement learning with complex synapses ; unlike humans , who are capable of continual learning over their lifetimes , artificial neural networks have long been known to suffer from a phenomenon known as catastrophic forgetting , whereby new learning can lead to abrupt erasure of previously acquired knowledge . whereas in a neural network the parameters are typically modelled as scalar values , an individual synapse in the brain comprises a complex network of interacting biochemical components tha ←
→ entropy - based closure for probabilistic learning on manifolds ; in a recent paper , the authors proposed a general methodology for probabilistic learning on manifolds . the method was used to generate numerical samples that are statistically consistent with an existing dataset construed as a realization from a non - gaussian random vector . the manifold structure is learned using diffusion manifolds and the statistical sample generation is accomplished using a projected ito stochastic differential equation . this ←
→ robust hyperspectral image classification with rejection fields ; in this paper we present a novel method for robust hyperspectral image classification using context and rejection . hyperspectral image classification is generally an ill - posed image problem where pixels may belong to unknown classes , and obtaining representative and complete training sets is costly . furthermore , the need for high classification accuracies is frequently greater than the need to classify the entire image . we approach this pro ←
→ classification of medical images and illustrations in the biomedical literature using synergic deep learning ; the classification of medical images and illustrations in the literature aims to label a medical image according to the modality it was produced or label an illustration according to its production attributes . it is an essential and challenging research hotspot in the area of automated literature review , retrieval and mining . the significant intra - class variation and inter - class similarity caused ←
→ clustering on multiple incomplete datasets via collective kernel learning ; multiple datasets containing different types of features may be available for a given task . for instance , users ' profiles can be used to group users for recommendation systems . in addition , a model can also use users ' historical behaviors and credit history to group users . each dataset contains different information and suffices for learning . a number of clustering algorithms on multiple datasets were proposed during the past few ←
→ exponential convergence of testing error for stochastic gradient methods ; we consider binary classification problems with positive definite kernels and square loss , and study the convergence rates of stochastic gradient methods . we show that while the excess testing loss ( squared loss ) converges slowly to zero as the number of observations ( and thus iterations ) goes to infinity , the testing error ( classification error ) converges exponentially fast if low - noise conditions are assumed .←
→ sparse + low rank decomposition of annihilating filter - based hankel matrix for impulse noise removal ; recently , so called annihilating filer - based low rank hankel matrix ( aloha ) approach was proposed as a powerful image inpainting method . based on the observation that smoothness or textures within an image patch corresponds to sparse spectral components in the frequency domain , aloha exploits the existence of annihilating filters and the associated rank - deficient hankel matrices in the image domain to es ←
→ an analysis of reduced error pruning ; top - down induction of decision trees has been observed to suffer from the inadequate functioning of the pruning phase . in particular , it is known that the size of the resulting tree grows linearly with the sample size , even though the accuracy of the tree does not improve . reduced error pruning is an algorithm that has been used as a representative technique in attempts to explain the problems of decision tree learning . in this paper we present analyses of reduced erro ←
→ evidence absorption and propagation through evidence reversals ; the arc reversal / node reduction approach to probabilistic inference is extended to include the case of instantiated evidence by an operation called " evidence reversal ." this not only provides a technique for computing posterior joint distributions on general belief networks , but also provides insight into the methods of pearl [ 1986b ] and lauritzen and spiegelhalter [ 1988 ]. although it is well understood that the latter two algorithms are close ←
→ deep - lk for efficient adaptive object tracking ; in this paper we present a new approach for efficient regression based object tracking which we refer to as deep - lk . our approach is closely related to the generic object tracking using regression networks ( goturn ) framework of held et al . we make the following contributions . first , we demonstrate that there is a theoretical relationship between siamese regression networks like goturn and the classical inverse - compositional lucas & kanade ( ic - lk ) algorithm . ←
→ reasoning about fine - grained attribute phrases using reference games ; we present a framework for learning to describe fine - grained visual differences between instances using attribute phrases . attribute phrases capture distinguishing aspects of an object ( e . g ., " propeller on the nose " or " door near the wing " for airplanes ) in a compositional manner . instances within a category can be described by a set of these phrases and collectively they span the space of semantic attributes for a category . we collect a ←
→ graph quantization ; vector quantization ( vq ) is a lossy data compression technique from signal processing , which is restricted to feature vectors and therefore inapplicable for combinatorial structures . this contribution presents a theoretical foundation of graph quantization ( gq ) that extends vq to the domain of attributed graphs . we present the necessary lloyd - max conditions for optimality of a graph quantizer and consistency results for optimal gq design based on empirical distortion measures and stochas ←
→ gaussian processes for big data ; we introduce stochastic variational inference for gaussian process models . this enables the application of gaussian process ( gp ) models to data sets containing millions of data points . we show how gps can be vari - ationally decomposed to depend on a set of globally relevant inducing variables which factorize the model in the necessary manner to perform variational inference . our ap - proach is readily extended to models with non - gaussian likelihoods and latent variable model ←
→ harvesting discriminative meta objects with deep cnn features for scene classification ; recent work on scene classification still makes use of generic cnn features in a rudimentary manner . in this iccv 2015 paper , we present a novel pipeline built upon deep cnn features to harvest discriminative visual objects and parts for scene classification . we first use a region proposal technique to generate a set of high - quality patches potentially containing objects , and apply a pre - trained cnn to extract generic ←
→ fuzzy dynamical genetic programming in xcsf ; a number of representation schemes have been presented for use within learning classifier systems , ranging from binary encodings to neural networks , and more recently dynamical genetic programming ( dgp ). this paper presents results from an investigation into using a fuzzy dgp representation within the xcsf learning classifier system . in particular , asynchronous fuzzy logic networks are used to represent the traditional condition - action production system rules . i ←
→ multi - task feature learning via efficient l2 , 1 - norm minimization ; the problem of joint feature selection across a group of related tasks has applications in many areas including biomedical informatics and computer vision . we consider the l2 , 1 - norm regularized regression model for joint feature selection from multiple tasks , which can be derived in the probabilistic framework by assuming a suitable prior from the exponential family . one appealing feature of the l2 , 1 - norm regularization is that it encourages ←
→ improving neural networks by preventing co - adaptation of feature detectors ; when a large feedforward neural network is trained on a small training set , it typically performs poorly on held - out test data . this " overfitting " is greatly reduced by randomly omitting half of the feature detectors on each training case . this prevents complex co - adaptations in which a feature detector is only helpful in the context of several other specific feature detectors . instead , each neuron learns to detect a feature that ←
→ dynamic routing between capsules ; a capsule is a group of neurons whose activity vector represents the instantiation parameters of a specific type of entity such as an object or an object part . we use the length of the activity vector to represent the probability that the entity exists and its orientation to represent the instantiation parameters . active capsules at one level make predictions , via transformation matrices , for the instantiation parameters of higher - level capsules . when multiple predictions ←
→ random projections of random manifolds ; interesting data often concentrate on low dimensional smooth manifolds inside a high dimensional ambient space . random projections are a simple , powerful tool for dimensionality reduction of such data . previous works have studied bounds on how many projections are needed to accurately preserve the geometry of these manifolds , given their intrinsic dimensionality , volume and curvature . however , such works employ definitions of volume and curvature that are inherently ←
→ adversarial dropout for supervised and semi - supervised learning ; recently , the training with adversarial examples , which are generated by adding a small but worst - case perturbation on input examples , has been proved to improve generalization performance of neural networks . in contrast to the individually biased inputs to enhance the generality , this paper introduces adversarial dropout , which is a minimal set of dropouts that maximize the divergence between the outputs from the network with the dropouts an ←
→ a language for planning with statistics ; when a planner must decide whether it has enough evidence to make a decision based on probability , it faces the sample size problem . current planners using probabilities need not deal with this problem because they do not generate their probabilities from observations . this paper presents an event based language in which the planner ' s probabilities are calculated from the binomial random variable generated by the observed ratio of one type of event to another . such ←
→ banglalekha - isolated : a comprehensive bangla handwritten character dataset ; bangla handwriting recognition is becoming a very important issue nowadays . it is potentially a very important task specially for bangla speaking population of bangladesh and west bengal . by keeping that in our mind we are introducing a comprehensive bangla handwritten character dataset named banglalekha - isolated . this dataset contains bangla handwritten numerals , basic characters and compound characters . this dataset was collect ←
→ a comprehensive evaluation of machine learning techniques for cancer class prediction based on microarray data ; prostate cancer is among the most common cancer in males and its heterogeneity is well known . its early detection helps making therapeutic decision . there is no standard technique or procedure yet which is full - proof in predicting cancer class . the genomic level changes can be detected in gene expression data and those changes may serve as standard model for any random cancer data for class pre ←
→ a reliable order - statistics - based approximate nearest neighbor search algorithm ; we propose a new algorithm for fast approximate nearest neighbor search based on the properties of ordered vectors . data vectors are classified based on the index and sign of their largest components , thereby partitioning the space in a number of cones centered in the origin . the query is itself classified , and the search starts from the selected cone and proceeds to neighboring ones . overall , the proposed algorithm correspo ←
→ learning activation functions to improve deep neural networks ; artificial neural networks typically have a fixed , non - linear activation function at each neuron . we have designed a novel form of piecewise linear activation function that is learned independently for each neuron using gradient descent . with this adaptive activation function , we are able to improve upon deep neural network architectures composed of static rectified linear units , achieving state - of - the - art performance on cifar - 10 ( 7 . 51 %), cifar ←
→ end - to - end training of deep visuomotor policies ; policy search methods can allow robots to learn control policies for a wide range of tasks , but practical applications of policy search often require hand - engineered components for perception , state estimation , and low - level control . in this paper , we aim to answer the following question : does training the perception and control systems jointly end - to - end provide better performance than training each component separately ? to this end , we develop a method tha ←
→ generalized ambiguity decomposition for understanding ensemble diversity ; diversity or complementarity of experts in ensemble pattern recognition and information processing systems is widely - observed by researchers to be crucial for achieving performance improvement upon fusion . understanding this link between ensemble diversity and fusion performance is thus an important research question . however , prior works have theoretically characterized ensemble diversity and have linked it with ensemble performance ←
→ updating formulas and algorithms for computing entropy and gini index from time - changing data streams ; despite growing interest in data stream mining the most successful incremental learners , such as vfdt , still use periodic recomputation to update attribute information gains and gini indices . this note provides simple incremental formulas and algorithms for computing entropy and gini index from time - changing data streams .←
→ adaptive and optimal online linear regression on l1 - balls ; we consider the problem of online linear regression on individual sequences . the goal in this paper is for the forecaster to output sequential predictions which are , after t time rounds , almost as good as the ones output by the best linear predictor in a given l1 - ball in r ^ d . we consider both the cases where the dimension d is small and large relative to the time horizon t . we first present regret bounds with optimal dependencies on the sizes u , x ←
→ ocrep : an optimally conditioned regularization for pseudoinversion based neural training ; in this paper we consider the training of single hidden layer neural networks by pseudoinversion , which , in spite of its popularity , is sometimes affected by numerical instability issues . regularization is known to be effective in such cases , so that we introduce , in the framework of tikhonov regularization , a matricial reformulation of the problem which allows us to use the condition number as a diagnostic tool for ←
→ operations on soft sets revisited ; soft sets , as a mathematical tool for dealing with uncertainty , have recently gained considerable attention , including some successful applications in information processing , decision , demand analysis , and forecasting . to construct new soft sets from given soft sets , some operations on soft sets have been proposed . unfortunately , such operations cannot keep all classical set - theoretic laws true for soft sets . in this paper , we redefine the intersection , complement , and di ←
→ identification of parameters underlying emotions and a classification of emotions ; the standard classification of emotions involves categorizing the expression of emotions . in this paper , parameters underlying some emotions are identified and a new classification based on these parameters is suggested .←
→ an expressive probabilistic temporal logic ; this paper argues that a combined treatment of probabilities , time and actions is essential for an appropriate logical account of the notion of probability ; and , based on this intuition , describes an expressive probabilistic temporal logic for reasoning about actions with uncertain outcomes . the logic is modal and higher - order : modalities annotated by actions are used to express possibility and necessity of propositions in the next states resulting from the actio ←
→ a framework for predicting phishing websites using neural networks ; in india many people are now dependent on online banking . this raises security concerns as the banking websites are forged and fraud can be committed by identity theft . these forged websites are called as phishing websites and created by malicious people to mimic web pages of real websites and it attempts to defraud people of their personal information . detecting and identifying phishing websites is a really complex and dynamic problem inv ←
→ near - optimal algorithms for differentially - private principal components ; principal components analysis ( pca ) is a standard tool for identifying good low - dimensional approximations to data in high dimension . many data sets of interest contain private or sensitive information about individuals . algorithms which operate on such data should be sensitive to the privacy risks in publishing their outputs . differential privacy is a framework for developing tradeoffs between privacy and the utility of these outputs ←
→ understanding neural networks through representation erasure ; while neural networks have been successfully applied to many natural language processing tasks , they come at the cost of interpretability . in this paper , we propose a general methodology to analyze and interpret decisions from a neural model by observing the effects on the model of erasing various parts of the representation , such as input word - vector dimensions , intermediate hidden units , or input words . we present several approaches to analyzi ←
→ actions and attributes from wholes and parts ; we investigate the importance of parts for the tasks of action and attribute classification . we develop a part - based approach by leveraging convolutional network features inspired by recent advances in computer vision . our part detectors are a deep version of poselets and capture parts of the human body under a distinct set of poses . for the tasks of action and attribute classification , we train holistic convolutional neural networks and show that adding parts ←
→ can you tell where in india i am from ? comparing humans and computers on fine - grained race face classification ; faces form the basis for a rich variety of judgments in humans , yet the underlying features remain poorly understood . although fine - grained distinctions within a race might more strongly constrain possible facial features used by humans than in case of coarse categories such as race or gender , such fine grained distinctions are relatively less studied . fine - grained race classification is also i ←
→ deep transform : error correction via probabilistic re - synthesis ; errors in data are usually unwelcome and so some means to correct them is useful . however , it is difficult to define , detect or correct errors in an unsupervised way . here , we train a deep neural network to re - synthesize its inputs at its output layer for a given class of data . we then exploit the fact that this abstract transformation , which we call a deep transform ( dt ), inherently rejects information ( errors ) existing outside of the abstra ←
→ online dual coordinate ascent learning ; the stochastic dual coordinate - ascent ( s - dca ) technique is a useful alternative to the traditional stochastic gradient - descent algorithm for solving large - scale optimization problems due to its scalability to large data sets and strong theoretical guarantees . however , the available s - dca formulation is limited to finite sample sizes and relies on performing multiple passes over the same data . this formulation is not well - suited for online implementations where data k ←
→ neighborhood selection and rules identification for cellular automata : a rough sets approach ; in this paper a method is proposed which uses data mining techniques based on rough sets theory to select neighborhood and determine update rule for cellular automata ( ca ). according to the proposed approach , neighborhood is detected by reducts calculations and a rule - learning algorithm is applied to induce a set of decision rules that define the evolution of ca . experiments were performed with use of synthetic ←
→ retinal microaneurysms detection using local convergence index features ; retinal microaneurysms are the earliest clinical sign of diabetic retinopathy disease . detection of microaneurysms is crucial for the early diagnosis of diabetic retinopathy and prevention of blindness . in this paper , a novel and reliable method for automatic detection of microaneurysms in retinal images is proposed . in the first stage of the proposed method , several preliminary microaneurysm candidates are extracted using a gradient ←
→ make workers work harder : decoupled asynchronous proximal stochastic gradient descent ; asynchronous parallel optimization algorithms for solving large - scale machine learning problems have drawn significant attention from academia to industry recently . this paper proposes a novel algorithm , decoupled asynchronous proximal stochastic gradient descent ( dap - sgd ), to minimize an objective function that is the composite of the average of multiple empirical losses and a regularization term . unlike the tradition ←
→ fast cylinder and plane extraction from depth cameras for visual odometry ; this paper presents cape , a method to extract planes and cylinder segments from organized point clouds , which processes 640x480 depth images on a single cpu core at an average of 300 hz , by operating on a grid of planar cells . while , compared to state - of - the - art plane extraction , the latency of cape is more consistent and 4 - 10 times faster , depending on the scene , we also demonstrate empirically that applying cape to visual odomet ←
→ efficient l1 / lq norm regularization ; sparse learning has recently received increasing attention in many areas including machine learning , statistics , and applied mathematics . the mixed - norm regularization based on the l1 / lq norm with q > 1 is attractive in many applications of regression and classification in that it facilitates group sparsity in the model . the resulting optimization problem is , however , challenging to solve due to the structure of the l1 / lq - regularization . existing work deals with specia ←
→ multiclass classification calibration functions ; in this paper we refine the process of computing calibration functions for a number of multiclass classification surrogate losses . calibration functions are a powerful tool for easily converting bounds for the surrogate risk ( which can be computed through well - known methods ) into bounds for the true risk , the probability of making a mistake . they are particularly suitable in non - parametric settings , where the approximation error can be controlled , and provid ←
→ automated inference on sociopsychological impressions of attractive female faces ; this article is a sequel to our earlier work [ 25 ]. the main objective of our research is to explore the potential of supervised machine learning in face - induced social computing and cognition , riding on the momentum of much heralded successes of face processing , analysis and recognition on the tasks of biometric - based identification . we present a case study of automated statistical inference on sociopsychological perception ←
→ an extensive report on cellular automata based artificial immune system for strengthening automated protein prediction ; artificial immune system ( ais - maca ) a novel computational intelligence technique is can be used for strengthening the automated protein prediction system with more adaptability and incorporating more parallelism to the system . most of the existing approaches are sequential which will classify the input into four major classes and these are designed for similar sequences . ais - maca is des ←
→ convergent block coordinate descent for training tikhonov regularized deep neural networks ; by lifting the relu function into a higher dimensional space , we develop a smooth multi - convex formulation for training feed - forward deep neural networks ( dnns ). this allows us to develop a block coordinate descent ( bcd ) training algorithm consisting of a sequence of numerically well - behaved convex optimizations . using ideas from proximal point methods in convex analysis , we prove that this bcd algorithm will conv ←
→ a scalable stage - wise approach to large - margin multi - class loss based boosting ; we present a scalable and effective classification model to train multi - class boosting for multi - class classification problems . shen and hao introduced a direct formulation of multi - class boosting in the sense that it directly maximizes the multi - class margin [ c . shen and z . hao , " a direct formulation for totally - corrective multi - class boosting ", in proc . ieee conf . comp . vis . patt . recogn ., 2011 ]. the major problem of the ←
→ learning visual reasoning without strong priors ; achieving artificial visual reasoning - the ability to answer image - related questions which require a multi - step , high - level process - is an important step towards artificial general intelligence . this multi - modal task requires learning a question - dependent , structured reasoning process over images from language . standard deep learning approaches tend to exploit biases in the data rather than learn this underlying structure , while leading methods learn to vi ←
→ combining ontology development methodologies and semantic web platforms for e - government domain ontology development ; one of the key challenges in electronic government ( e - government ) is the development of systems that can be easily integrated and interoperated to provide seamless services delivery to citizens . in recent years , semantic web technologies based on ontology have emerged as promising solutions to the above engineering problems . however , current research practicing semantic development in e - g ←
→ chaining bounds for empirical risk minimization ; this paper extends the standard chaining technique to prove excess risk upper bounds for empirical risk minimization with random design settings even if the magnitude of the noise and the estimates is unbounded . the bound applies to many loss functions besides the squared loss , and scales only with the sub - gaussian or subexponential parameters without further statistical assumptions such as the bounded kurtosis condition over the hypothesis class . a detailed ←
→ information aggregation in exponential family markets ; we consider the design of prediction market mechanisms known as automated market makers . we show that we can design these mechanisms via the mold of \ emph { exponential family distributions }, a popular and well - studied probability distribution template used in statistics . we give a full development of this relationship and explore a range of benefits . we draw connections between the information aggregation of market prices and the belief aggregation of l ←
→ a multi - purpose scenario - based simulator for smart house environments ; developing smart house systems has been a great challenge for researchers and engineers in this area because of the high cost of implementation and evaluation process of these systems , while being very time consuming . testing a designed smart house before actually building it is considered as an obstacle towards an efficient smart house project . this is because of the variety of sensors , home appliances and devices available for a real ←
→ incremental nonlinear system identification and adaptive particle filtering using gaussian process ; an incremental / online state dynamic learning method is proposed for identification of the nonlinear gaussian state space models . the method embeds the stochastic variational sparse gaussian process as the probabilistic state dynamic model inside a particle filter framework . model updating is done at measurement sample rate using stochastic gradient descent based optimization implemented in the state estima ←
→ spiking neurons with short - term synaptic plasticity form superior generative networks ; spiking networks that perform probabilistic inference have been proposed both as models of cortical computation and as candidates for solving problems in machine learning . however , the evidence for spike - based computation being in any way superior to non - spiking alternatives remains scarce . we propose that short - term plasticity can provide spiking networks with distinct computational advantages compared to their classi ←
→ truncation - free hybrid inference for dpmm ; dirichlet process mixture models ( dpmm ) are a cornerstone of bayesian non - parametrics . while these models free from choosing the number of components a - priori , computationally attractive variational inference often reintroduces the need to do so , via a truncation on the variational distribution . in this paper we present a truncation - free hybrid inference for dpmm , combining the advantages of sampling - based mcmc and variational methods . the proposed hybridization e ←
→ gpu - acceleration for large - scale tree boosting ; in this paper , we present a novel massively parallel algorithm for accelerating the decision tree building procedure on gpus ( graphics processing units ), which is a crucial step in gradient boosted decision tree ( gbdt ) and random forests training . previous gpu based tree building algorithms are based on parallel multi - scan or radix sort to find the exact tree split , and thus suffer from scalability and performance issues . we show that using a histogram based ←
→ distributed stochastic optimization via adaptive stochastic gradient descent ; stochastic convex optimization algorithms are the most popular way to train machine learning models on large - scale data . scaling up the training process of these models is crucial in many applications , but the most popular algorithm , stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ), is a serial algorithm that is surprisingly hard to parallelize . in this paper , we propose an efficient distributed stochastic optimization method based on adaptiv ←
→ a random forest system combination approach for error detection in digital dictionaries ; when digitizing a print bilingual dictionary , whether via optical character recognition or manual entry , it is inevitable that errors are introduced into the electronic version that is created . we investigate automating the process of detecting errors in an xml representation of a digitized print dictionary using a hybrid approach that combines rule - based , feature - based , and language model - based methods . we investiga ←
→ gpu - based fuzzy c - means clustering algorithm for image segmentation ; in this paper , a fast and practical gpu - based implementation of fuzzy c - means ( fcm ) clustering algorithm for image segmentation is proposed . first , an extensive analysis is conducted to study the dependency among the image pixels in the algorithm for parallelization . the proposed gpu - based fcm has been tested on digital brain simulated dataset to segment white matter ( wm ), gray matter ( gm ) and cerebrospinal fluid ( csf ) soft tissue regions . t ←
→ causes and explanations : a structural - model approach . part ii : explanations ; we propose new definitions of ( causal ) explanation , using structural equations to model counterfactuals . the definition is based on the notion of actual cause , as defined and motivated in a companion paper . essentially , an explanation is a fact that is not known for certain but , if found to be true , would constitute an actual cause of the fact to be explained , regardless of the agent ' s initial uncertainty . we show that the defin ←
→ predicting movie genres based on plot summaries ; this project explores several machine learning methods to predict movie genres based on plot summaries . naive bayes , word2vec + xgboost and recurrent neural networks are used for text classification , while k - binary transformation , rank method and probabilistic classification with learned probability threshold are employed for the multi - label problem involved in the genre tagging task . experiments with more than 250 , 000 movies show that employing the gated recur ←
→ parsing linear context - free rewriting systems with fast matrix multiplication ; we describe a matrix multiplication recognition algorithm for a subset of binary linear context - free rewriting systems ( lcfrs ) with running time $ o ( n ^{\ omega d })$ where $ m ( m ) = o ( m ^{\ omega })$ is the running time for $ m \ times m $ matrix multiplication and $ d $ is the " contact rank " of the lcfrs -- the maximal number of combination and non - combination points that appear in the grammar rules . we also show that this algorithm can b ←
→ standardization of the formal representation of lexical information for nlp ; a survey of dictionary models and formats is presented as well as a presentation of corresponding recent standardisation activities .←
→ harmonization of conflicting medical opinions using argumentation protocols and textual entailment - a case study on parkinson disease ; parkinson ' s disease is the second most common neurodegenerative disease , affecting more than 1 . 2 million people in europe . medications are available for the management of its symptoms , but the exact cause of the disease is unknown and there is currently no cure on the market . to better understand the relations between new findings and current medical knowledge , we need t ←
→ a framework for video - driven crowd synthesis ; we present a framework for video - driven crowd synthesis . motion vectors extracted from input crowd video are processed to compute global motion paths . these paths encode the dominant motions observed in the input video . these paths are then fed into a behavior - based crowd simulation framework , which is responsible for synthesizing crowd animations that respect the motion patterns observed in the video . our system synthesizes 3d virtual crowds by animating virtu ←
→ graphical model sketch ; structured high - cardinality data arises in many domains , and poses a major challenge for both modeling and inference . graphical models are a popular approach to modeling structured data but they are unsuitable for high - cardinality variables . the count - min ( cm ) sketch is a popular approach to estimating probabilities in high - cardinality data but it does not scale well beyond a few variables . in this work , we bring together the ideas of graphical models and count sketches ; and propose ←
→ the sat phase transition ; phase transition is an important feature of sat problem . for random k - sat model , it is proved that as r ( ratio of clauses to variables ) increases , the structure of solutions will undergo a sudden change like satisfiability phase transition when r reaches a threshold point . this phenomenon shows that the satisfying truth assignments suddenly shift from being relatively different from each other to being very similar to each other .←
→ on the existence of a projective reconstruction ; in this note we study the connection between the existence of a projective reconstruction and the existence of a fundamental matrix satisfying the epipolar constraints .←
→ measuring the functional load of phonological contrasts ; frequency counts are a measure of how much use a language makes of a linguistic unit , such as a phoneme or word . however , what is often important is not the units themselves , but the contrasts between them . a measure is therefore needed for how much use a language makes of a contrast , i . e . the functional load ( fl ) of the contrast . we generalize previous work in linguistics and speech recognition and propose a family of measures for the fl of several ←
→ predicting cognitive decline with deep learning of brain metabolism and amyloid imaging ; for effective treatment of alzheimer disease ( ad ), it is important to identify subjects who are most likely to exhibit rapid cognitive decline . herein , we developed a novel framework based on a deep convolutional neural network which can predict future cognitive decline in mild cognitive impairment ( mci ) patients using flurodeoxyglucose and florbetapir positron emission tomography ( pet ). the architecture of the netwo ←
→ entity - specific sentiment classification of yahoo news comments ; sentiment classification is widely used for product reviews and in online social media such as forums , twitter , and blogs . however , the problem of classifying the sentiment of user comments on news sites has not been addressed yet . news sites cover a wide range of domains including politics , sports , technology , and entertainment , in contrast to other online social sites such as forums and review sites , which are specific to a particular domai ←
→ crowd collectiveness measure via graph - based node clique learning ; collectiveness motions of crowd systems have attracted a great deal of attentions in recently years . in this paper , we try to measure the collectiveness of a crowd system by the proposed node clique learning method . the proposed method is a graph based method , and investigates the influence from one node to other nodes . a node is represented by a set of nodes which named a clique , which is obtained by spreading information from this node to ←
→ possibilities of technologization of philosophical knowledge ; article purpose is the analysis of a question of possibility of technologization of philosophical knowledge . we understand the organization of cognitive activity which is guided by the set of methods guaranteed bringing to successful ( i . e . to precisely corresponding set parameters ) to applied results as technologization . transformation of sense of philosophy allows revealing possibilities of its technologization . the leading role in this process ←
→ speech - driven facial reenactment using conditional generative adversarial networks ; we present a novel approach to generating photo - realistic images of a face with accurate lip sync , given an audio input . by using a recurrent neural network , we achieved mouth landmarks based on audio features . we exploited the power of conditional generative adversarial networks to produce highly - realistic face conditioned on a set of landmarks . these two networks together are capable of producing a sequence of natural f ←
→ deep control - a simple automatic gain control for memory efficient and high performance training of deep convolutional neural networks ; training a deep convolutional neural net typically starts with a random initialisation of all filters in all layers which severely reduces the forward signal and back - propagated error and leads to slow and sub - optimal training . techniques that counter that focus on either increasing the signal or increasing the gradients adaptively but the model behaves very differently ←
→ multilinear grammar : ranks and interpretations ; multilinear grammar provides a framework for integrating the many different syntagmatic structures of language into a coherent semiotically based rank interpretation architecture , with default linear grammars at each rank . the architecture defines a sui generis condition on ranks , from discourse through utterance and phrasal structures to the word , with its sub - ranks of morphology and phonology . each rank has unique structures and its own semantic - pragmatic a ←
→ neural hypernetwork approach for pulmonary embolism diagnosis ; this work introduces an integrative approach based on q - analysis with machine learning . the new approach , called neural hypernetwork , has been applied to a case study of pulmonary embolism diagnosis . the objective of the application of neural hyper - network to pulmonary embolism ( pe ) is to improve diagnose for reducing the number of ct - angiography needed . hypernetworks , based on topological simplicial complex , generalize the concept of two - relat ←
→ novelty detection with gan ; the ability of a classifier to recognize unknown inputs is important for many classification - based systems . we discuss the problem of simultaneous classification and novelty detection , i . e . determining whether an input is from the known set of classes and from which specific class , or from an unknown domain and does not belong to any of the known classes . we propose a method based on the generative adversarial networks ( gan ) framework . we show that a multi - class discriminator tr ←
→ automated assessment of facial wrinkling : a case study on the effect of smoking ; facial wrinkle is one of the most prominent biological changes that accompanying the natural aging process . however , there are some external factors contributing to premature wrinkles development , such as sun exposure and smoking . clinical studies have shown that heavy smoking causes premature wrinkles development . however , there is no computerised system that can automatically assess the facial wrinkles on the whole face . t ←
→ human languages order information efficiently ; most languages use the relative order between words to encode meaning relations . languages differ , however , in what orders they use and how these orders are mapped onto different meanings . we test the hypothesis that , despite these differences , human languages might constitute different ` solutions ' to common pressures of language use . using monte carlo simulations over data from five languages , we find that their word orders are efficient for processing in ter ←
→ handwritten arabic numeral recognition using a multi layer perceptron ; handwritten numeral recognition is in general a benchmark problem of pattern recognition and artificial intelligence . compared to the problem of printed numeral recognition , the problem of handwritten numeral recognition is compounded due to variations in shapes and sizes of handwritten characters . considering all these , the problem of handwritten numeral recognition is addressed under the present work in respect to handwritten arabic n ←
→ a compact dnn : approaching googlenet - level accuracy of classification and domain adaptation ; recently , dnn model compression based on network architecture design , e . g ., squeezenet , attracted a lot attention . no accuracy drop on image classification is observed on these extremely compact networks , compared to well - known models . an emerging question , however , is whether these model compression techniques hurt dnn ' s learning ability other than classifying images on a single dataset . our preliminary experime ←
→ bayesian multi - tensor factorization ; we introduce bayesian multi - tensor factorization , a model that is the first bayesian formulation for joint factorization of multiple matrices and tensors . the research problem generalizes the joint matrix - tensor factorization problem to arbitrary sets of tensors of any depth , including matrices , can be interpreted as unsupervised multi - view learning from multiple data tensors , and can be generalized to relax the usual trilinear tensor factorization assumptions . the resu ←
→ learning knowledge graph embeddings with type regularizer ; learning relations based on evidence from knowledge bases relies on processing the available relation instances . many relations , however , have clear domain and range , which we hypothesize could help learn a better , more generalizing , model . we include such information in the rescal model in the form of a regularization factor added to the loss function that takes into account the types ( categories ) of the entities that appear as arguments to relati ←
→ unsupervised feature selection based on space filling concept ; the paper deals with the adaptation of a new measure for the unsupervised feature selection problems . the proposed measure is based on space filling concept and is called the coverage measure . this measure was used for judging the quality of an experimental space filling design . in the present work , the coverage measure is adapted for selecting the smallest informative subset of variables by reducing redundancy in data . this paper proposes a si ←
→ pediatric bone age assessment using deep convolutional neural networks ; skeletal bone age assessment is a common clinical practice to diagnose endocrine and metabolic disorders in child development . in this paper , we describe a fully automated deep learning approach to the problem of bone age assessment using data from pediatric bone age challenge organized by rsna 2017 . the dataset for this competition is consisted of 12 . 6k radiological images of left hand labeled by the bone age and sex of patients . our ←
→ confidence inference in bayesian networks ; we present two sampling algorithms for probabilistic confidence inference in bayesian networks . these two algorithms ( we call them ais - bn - mu and ais - bn - sigma algorithms ) guarantee that estimates of posterior probabilities are with a given probability within a desired precision bound . our algorithms are based on recent advances in sampling algorithms for ( 1 ) estimating the mean of bounded random variables and ( 2 ) adaptive importance sampling in bayesian networks . i ←
→ semantic object parsing with local - global long short - term memory ; semantic object parsing is a fundamental task for understanding objects in detail in computer vision community , where incorporating multi - level contextual information is critical for achieving such fine - grained pixel - level recognition . prior methods often leverage the contextual information through post - processing predicted confidence maps . in this work , we propose a novel deep local - global long short - term memory ( lg - lstm ) architecture to se ←
→ the symbol grounding problem ; how can the semantic interpretation of a formal symbol system be made intrinsic to the system , rather than just parasitic on the meanings in our heads ? how can the meanings of the meaningless symbol tokens , manipulated solely on the basis of their ( arbitrary ) shapes , be grounded in anything but other meaningless symbols ? the problem is analogous to trying to learn chinese from a chinese / chinese dictionary alone . a candidate solution is sketched : symbolic representations must b ←
→ an efficient automatic attendance system using fingerprint reconstruction technique ; biometric time and attendance system is one of the most successful applications of biometric technology . one of the main advantage of a biometric time and attendance system is it avoids " buddy - punching ". buddy punching was a major loophole which will be exploiting in the traditional time attendance systems . fingerprint recognition is an established field today , but still identifying individual from a set of enrolled fing ←
→ optimal adaptive learning in uncontrolled restless bandit problems ; in this paper we consider the problem of learning the optimal policy for uncontrolled restless bandit problems . in an uncontrolled restless bandit problem , there is a finite set of arms , each of which when pulled yields a positive reward . there is a player who sequentially selects one of the arms at each time step . the goal of the player is to maximize its undiscounted reward over a time horizon t . the reward process of each arm is a finit ←
→ extreme learning machine with local connections ; this paper is concerned with the sparsification of the input - hidden weights of elm ( extreme learning machine ). for ordinary feedforward neural networks , the sparsification is usually done by introducing certain regularization technique into the learning process of the network . but this strategy can not be applied for elm , since the input - hidden weights of elm are supposed to be randomly chosen rather than to be learned . to this end , we propose a modified elm ←
→ discrete rényi classifiers ; consider the binary classification problem of predicting a target variable $ y $ from a discrete feature vector $ x = ( x_1 ,..., x_d )$. when the probability distribution $\ mathbb { p }( x , y )$ is known , the optimal classifier , leading to the minimum misclassification rate , is given by the maximum a - posteriori probability decision rule . however , estimating the complete joint distribution $\ mathbb { p }( x , y )$ is computationally and statistically impossible for large values of $ d $. an alternati ←
→ human head pose estimation by facial features location ; we describe a method for estimating human head pose in a color image that contains enough of information to locate the head silhouette and detect non - trivial color edges of individual facial features . the method works by spotting the human head on an arbitrary background , extracting the head outline , and locating facial features necessary to describe the head orientation in the 3d space . it is robust enough to work with both color and gray - level image ←
→ sparse image representation with epitomes ; sparse coding , which is the decomposition of a vector using only a few basis elements , is widely used in machine learning and image processing . the basis set , also called dictionary , is learned to adapt to specific data . this approach has proven to be very effective in many image processing tasks . traditionally , the dictionary is an unstructured " flat " set of atoms . in this paper , we study structured dictionaries which are obtained from an epitome , or a set of epi ←
→ facial landmarks detection by self - iterative regression based landmarks - attention network ; cascaded regression ( cr ) based methods have been proposed to solve facial landmarks detection problem , which learn a series of descent directions by multiple cascaded regressors separately trained in coarse and fine stages . they outperform the traditional gradient descent based methods in both accuracy and running speed . however , cascaded regression is not robust enough because each regressor ' s training data comes ←
→ improving variational encoder - decoders in dialogue generation ; variational encoder - decoders ( veds ) have shown promising results in dialogue generation . however , the latent variable distributions are usually approximated by a much simpler model than the powerful rnn structure used for encoding and decoding , yielding the kl - vanishing problem and inconsistent training objective . in this paper , we separate the training step into two phases : the first phase learns to autoencode discrete texts into continuous em ←
→ computer vision tools for the non - invasive assessment of autism - related behavioral markers ; the early detection of developmental disorders is key to child outcome , allowing interventions to be initiated that promote development and improve prognosis . research on autism spectrum disorder ( asd ) suggests behavioral markers can be observed late in the first year of life . many of these studies involved extensive frame - by - frame video observation and analysis of a child ' s natural behavior . although non - intrusiv ←
→ from dependency to causality : a machine learning approach ; the relationship between statistical dependency and causality lies at the heart of all statistical approaches to causal inference . recent results in the chalearn cause - effect pair challenge have shown that causal directionality can be inferred with good accuracy also in markov indistinguishable configurations thanks to data driven approaches . this paper proposes a supervised machine learning approach to infer the existence of a directed causal link ←
→ exponential discriminative metric embedding in deep learning ; with the remarkable success achieved by the convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) in object recognition recently , deep learning is being widely used in the computer vision community . deep metric learning ( dml ), integrating deep learning with conventional metric learning , has set new records in many fields , especially in classification task . in this paper , we propose a replicable dml method , called include and exclude ( ie ) loss , to force the dista ←
→ decision - theoretic bidding based on learned density models in simultaneous , interacting auctions ; auctions are becoming an increasingly popular method for transacting business , especially over the internet . this article presents a general approach to building autonomous bidding agents to bid in multiple simultaneous auctions for interacting goods . a core component of our approach learns a model of the empirical price dynamics based on past data and uses the model to analytically calculate , to the greates ←
→ weakly - supervised spatial context networks ; we explore the power of spatial context as a self - supervisory signal for learning visual representations . in particular , we propose spatial context networks that learn to predict a representation of one image patch from another image patch , within the same image , conditioned on their real - valued relative spatial offset . unlike auto - encoders , that aim to encode and reconstruct original image patches , our network aims to encode and reconstruct intermediate represen ←
→ learning filterbanks from raw speech for phone recognition ; we train a bank of complex filters that operates on the raw waveform and feeds into a convolutional neural network for end - to - end phone recognition . these time - domain filterbanks ( td - filterbanks ) are initialized as an approximation of mel - filterbanks ( mfsc , for mel - frequency spectral coefficients ), and then fine - tuned jointly with the remaining convolutional architecture . we perform phone recognition experiments on timit and show that for several ←
→ uniform solution sampling using a constraint solver as an oracle ; we consider the problem of sampling from solutions defined by a set of hard constraints on a combinatorial space . we propose a new sampling technique that , while enforcing a uniform exploration of the search space , leverages the reasoning power of a systematic constraint solver in a black - box scheme . we present a series of challenging domains , such as energy barriers and highly asymmetric spaces , that reveal the difficulties introduced by ha ←
→ learning from an optimization viewpoint ; in this dissertation we study statistical and online learning problems from an optimization viewpoint . the dissertation is divided into two parts : i . we first consider the question of learnability for statistical learning problems in the general learning setting . the question of learnability is well studied and fully characterized for binary classification and for real valued supervised learning problems using the theory of uniform convergence . however we show tha ←
→ sift : an algorithm for extracting structural information from taxonomies ; in this work we present sift , a 3 - step algorithm for the analysis of the structural information represented by means of a taxonomy . the major advantage of this algorithm is the capability to leverage the information inherent to the hierarchical structures of taxonomies to infer correspondences which can allow to merge them in a later step . this method is particular relevant in scenarios where taxonomy alignment techniques exploiting ←
→ nips 2016 workshop on representation learning in artificial and biological neural networks ( mlini 2016 ) ; this workshop explores the interface between cognitive neuroscience and recent advances in ai fields that aim to reproduce human performance such as natural language processing and computer vision , and specifically deep learning approaches to such problems . when studying the cognitive capabilities of the brain , scientists follow a system identification approach in which they present different stimul ←
→ dynamic matrix factorization with priors on unknown values ; advanced and effective collaborative filtering methods based on explicit feedback assume that unknown ratings do not follow the same model as the observed ones (\ emph { not missing at random }). in this work , we build on this assumption , and introduce a novel dynamic matrix factorization framework that allows to set an explicit prior on unknown values . when new ratings , users , or items enter the system , we can update the factorization in time indepen ←
→ deterministic policy optimization by combining pathwise and score function estimators for discrete action spaces ; policy optimization methods have shown great promise in solving complex reinforcement and imitation learning tasks . while model - free methods are broadly applicable , they often require many samples to optimize complex policies . model - based methods greatly improve sample - efficiency but at the cost of poor generalization , requiring a carefully handcrafted model of the system dynamics for each ta ←
→ automatic taxonomy generation - a use - case in the legal domain ; a key challenge in the legal domain is the adaptation and representation of the legal knowledge expressed through texts , in order for legal practitioners and researchers to access this information easier and faster to help with compliance related issues . one way to approach this goal is in the form of a taxonomy of legal concepts . while this task usually requires a manual construction of terms and their relations by domain experts , this paper ←
→ an estimation of distribution algorithm with intelligent local search for rule - based nurse rostering ; this paper proposes a new memetic evolutionary algorithm to achieve explicit learning in rule - based nurse rostering , which involves applying a set of heuristic rules for each nurse ' s assignment . the main framework of the algorithm is an estimation of distribution algorithm , in which an ant - miner methodology improves the individual solutions produced in each generation . unlike our previous work ( where lea ←
→ feature selection based on pca and pso for multimodal medical image fusion using dtcwt ; multimodal medical image fusion helps to increase efficiency in medical diagnosis . this paper presents multimodal medical image fusion by selecting relevant features using principle component analysis ( pca ) and particle swarm optimization techniques ( pso ). dtcwt is used for decomposition of the images into low and high frequency coefficients . fusion rules such as combination of minimum , maximum and simple averaging ar ←
→ generalized zero - shot learning via synthesized examples ; we present a generative framework for generalized zero - shot learning where the training and test classes are not necessarily disjoint . built upon a variational autoencoder based architecture , consisting of a probabilistic encoder and a probabilistic conditional decoder , our model can generate novel exemplars from seen / unseen classes , given their respective class attributes . these exemplars can subsequently be used to train any off - the - shelf classific ←
→ robust local scaling using conditional quantiles of graph similarities ; spectral analysis of neighborhood graphs is one of the most widely used techniques for exploratory data analysis , with applications ranging from machine learning to social sciences . in such applications , it is typical to first encode relationships between the data samples using an appropriate similarity function . popular neighborhood construction techniques such as k - nearest neighbor ( k - nn ) graphs are known to be very sensitive to the ←
→ complexity of evolutionary equilibria in static fitness landscapes ; a fitness landscape is a genetic space -- with two genotypes adjacent if they differ in a single locus -- and a fitness function . evolutionary dynamics produce a flow on this landscape from lower fitness to higher ; reaching equilibrium only if a local fitness peak is found . i use computational complexity to question the common assumption that evolution on static fitness landscapes can quickly reach a local fitness peak . i do this by showin ←
→ the path inference filter : model - based low - latency map matching of probe vehicle data ; we consider the problem of reconstructing vehicle trajectories from sparse sequences of gps points , for which the sampling interval is between 10 seconds and 2 minutes . we introduce a new class of algorithms , called altogether path inference filter ( pif ), that maps gps data in real time , for a variety of trade - offs and scenarios , and with a high throughput . numerous prior approaches in map - matching can be shown to be s ←
→ learning policies for adaptive tracking with deep feature cascades ; visual object tracking is a fundamental and time - critical vision task . recent years have seen many shallow tracking methods based on real - time pixel - based correlation filters , as well as deep methods that have top performance but need a high - end gpu . in this paper , we learn to improve the speed of deep trackers without losing accuracy . our fundamental insight is to take an adaptive approach , where easy frames are processed with cheap featu ←
→ probabilistic map - matching using particle filters ; increasing availability of vehicle gps data has created potentially transformative opportunities for traffic management , route planning and other location - based services . critical to the utility of the data is their accuracy . map - matching is the process of improving the accuracy by aligning gps data with the road network . in this paper , we propose a purely probabilistic approach to map - matching based on a sequential monte carlo algorithm known as particle ←
→ deep knowledge tracing ; knowledge tracing --- where a machine models the knowledge of a student as they interact with coursework --- is a well established problem in computer supported education . though effectively modeling student knowledge would have high educational impact , the task has many inherent challenges . in this paper we explore the utility of using recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) to model student learning . the rnn family of models have important advantages over previous methods in that they do not ←
→ on the emergence of syntactic structures : quantifying and modelling duality of patterning ; the complex organization of syntax in hierarchical structures is one of the core design features of human language . duality of patterning refers for instance to the organization of the meaningful elements in a language at two distinct levels : a combinatorial level where meaningless forms are combined into meaningful forms and a compositional level where meaningful forms are composed into larger lexical units . the q ←
→ using social dynamics to make individual predictions : variational inference with a stochastic kinetic model ; social dynamics is concerned primarily with interactions among individuals and the resulting group behaviors , modeling the temporal evolution of social systems via the interactions of individuals within these systems . in particular , the availability of large - scale data from social networks and sensor networks offers an unprecedented opportunity to predict state - changing events at the individual le ←
→ extracting information from s - curves of language change ; it is well accepted that adoption of innovations are described by s - curves ( slow start , accelerating period , and slow end ). in this paper , we analyze how much information on the dynamics of innovation spreading can be obtained from a quantitative description of s - curves . we focus on the adoption of linguistic innovations for which detailed databases of written texts from the last 200 years allow for an unprecedented statistical precision . combining d ←
→ weakly supervised learning of actions from transcripts ; we present an approach for weakly supervised learning of human actions from video transcriptions . our system is based on the idea that , given a sequence of input data and a transcript , i . e . a list of the order the actions occur in the video , it is possible to infer the actions within the video stream , and thus , learn the related action models without the need for any frame - based annotation . starting from the transcript information at hand , we split th ←
→ on the subspace of image gradient orientations ; we introduce the notion of principal component analysis ( pca ) of image gradient orientations . as image data is typically noisy , but noise is substantially different from gaussian , traditional pca of pixel intensities very often fails to estimate reliably the low - dimensional subspace of a given data population . we show that replacing intensities with gradient orientations and the $\ ell_2 $ norm with a cosine - based distance measure offers , to some extend , a reme ←
→ learning universal adversarial perturbations with generative models ; neural networks are known to be vulnerable to adversarial examples , inputs that have been intentionally perturbed to remain visually similar to the source input , but cause a misclassification . it was recently shown that given a dataset and classifier , there exists so called universal adversarial perturbations , a single perturbation that causes a misclassification when applied to any input . in this work , we introduce universal adversarial ←
→ indoor frame recovery from refined line segments ; an important yet challenging problem in understanding indoor scene is recovering indoor frame structure from a monocular image . it is more difficult when occlusions and illumination vary , and object boundaries are weak . to overcome these difficulties , a new approach based on line segment refinement with two constraints is proposed . first , the line segments are refined by four consecutive operations , i . e ., reclassifying , connecting , fitting , and voting . spec ←
→ lipschitz continuity of mahalanobis distances and bilinear forms ; many theoretical results in the machine learning domain stand only for functions that are lipschitz continuous . lipschitz continuity is a strong form of continuity that linearly bounds the variations of a function . in this paper , we derive tight lipschitz constants for two families of metrics : mahalanobis distances and bounded - space bilinear forms . to our knowledge , this is the first time the mahalanobis distance is formally proved to be lip ←
→ ontology driven disease incidence detection on twitter ; in this work we address the issue of generic automated disease incidence monitoring on twitter . we employ an ontology of disease related concepts and use it to obtain a conceptual representation of tweets . unlike previous key word based systems and topic modeling approaches , our ontological approach allows us to apply more stringent criteria for determining which messages are relevant such as spatial and temporal characteristics whilst giving a strong ←
→ domain adaptation for formant estimation using deep learning ; in this paper we present a domain adaptation technique for formant estimation using a deep network . we first train a deep learning network on a small read speech dataset . we then freeze the parameters of the trained network and use several different datasets to train an adaptation layer that makes the obtained network universal in the sense that it works well for a variety of speakers and speech domains with very different characteristics . we ev ←
→ bayesian lstms in medicine ; the medical field stands to see significant benefits from the recent advances in deep learning . knowing the uncertainty in the decision made by any machine learning algorithm is of utmost importance for medical practitioners . this study demonstrates the utility of using bayesian lstms for classification of medical time series . four medical time series datasets are used to show the accuracy improvement bayesian lstms provide over standard lstms . moreover , we show cherry - picked ex ←
→ towards semantic modeling of contradictions and disagreements : a case study of medical guidelines ; we introduce a formal distinction between contradictions and disagreements in natural language texts , motivated by the need to formally reason about contradictory medical guidelines . this is a novel and potentially very useful distinction , and has not been discussed so far in nlp and logic . we also describe a nlp system capable of automated finding contradictory medical guidelines ; the system uses a combina ←
→ a multi - task convolutional neural network for mega - city analysis using very high resolution satellite imagery and geospatial data ; mega - city analysis with very high resolution ( vhr ) satellite images has been drawing increasing interest in the fields of city planning and social investigation . it is known that accurate land - use , urban density , and population distribution information is the key to mega - city monitoring and environmental studies . therefore , how to generate land - use , urban density , and populat ←
→ the k - modes algorithm for clustering ; many clustering algorithms exist that estimate a cluster centroid , such as k - means , k - medoids or mean - shift , but no algorithm seems to exist that clusters data by returning exactly k meaningful modes . we propose a natural definition of a k - modes objective function by combining the notions of density and cluster assignment . the algorithm becomes k - means and k - medoids in the limit of very large and very small scales . computationally , it is slightly slower than k - means bu ←
→ comments on the proof of adaptive submodular function minimization ; we point out an issue with theorem 5 appearing in " group - based active query selection for rapid diagnosis in time - critical situations ". theorem 5 bounds the expected number of queries for a greedy algorithm to identify the class of an item within a constant factor of optimal . the theorem is based on correctness of a result on minimization of adaptive submodular functions . we present an example that shows that a critical step in theorem a . 1 ←
→ face recognition using optimal representation ensemble ; recently , the face recognizers based on linear representations have been shown to deliver state - of - the - art performance . in real - world applications , however , face images usually suffer from expressions , disguises and random occlusions . the problematic facial parts undermine the validity of the linear - subspace assumption and thus the recognition performance deteriorates significantly . in this work , we address the problem in a learning - inference - mixed fa ←
→ volumetric mapping of genus zero objects via mass preservation ; in this work , we present a technique to map any genus zero solid object onto a hexahedral decomposition of a solid cube . this problem appears in many applications ranging from finite element methods to visual tracking . from this , one can then hopefully utilize the proposed technique for shape analysis , registration , as well as other related computer graphics tasks . more importantly , given that we seek to establish a one - to - one correspondence o ←
→ towards building deep networks with bayesian factor graphs ; we propose a multi - layer network based on the bayesian framework of the factor graphs in reduced normal form ( fgrn ) applied to a two - dimensional lattice . the latent variable model ( lvm ) is the basic building block of a quadtree hierarchy built on top of a bottom layer of random variables that represent pixels of an image , a feature map , or more generally a collection of spatially distributed discrete variables . the multi - layer architecture impleme ←
→ confounder detection in high dimensional linear models using first moments of spectral measures ; in this paper , we study the confounder detection problem in the linear model , where the target variable $ y $ is predicted using its $ n $ potential causes $ x_n =( x_1 ,..., x_n )^ t $. based on an assumption of rotation invariant generating process of the model , recent study shows that the spectral measure induced by the regression coefficient vector with respect to the covariance matrix of $ x_n $ is close to a uniform ←
→ graph - community detection for cross - document topic segment relationship identification ; in this paper we propose a graph - community detection approach to identify cross - document relationships at the topic segment level . given a set of related documents , we automatically find these relationships by clustering segments with similar content ( topics ). in this context , we study how different weighting mechanisms influence the discovery of word communities that relate to the different topics found in the docume ←
→ topological characterizations to three types of covering approximation operators ; covering - based rough set theory is a useful tool to deal with inexact , uncertain or vague knowledge in information systems . topology , one of the most important subjects in mathematics , provides mathematical tools and interesting topics in studying information systems and rough sets . in this paper , we present the topological characterizations to three types of covering approximation operators . first , we study the properties ←
→ bitewing radiography semantic segmentation base on conditional generative adversarial nets ; currently , segmentation of bitewing radiograpy images is a very challenging task . the focus of the study is to segment it into caries , enamel , dentin , pulp , crowns , restoration and root canal treatments . the main method of semantic segmentation of bitewing radiograpy images at this stage is the u - shaped deep convolution neural network , but its accuracy is low . in order to improve the accuracy of semantic segmentat ←
→ warm starting bayesian optimization ; we develop a framework for warm - starting bayesian optimization , that reduces the solution time required to solve an optimization problem that is one in a sequence of related problems . this is useful when optimizing the output of a stochastic simulator that fails to provide derivative information , for which bayesian optimization methods are well - suited . solving sequences of related optimization problems arises when making several business decisions using one optimization ←
→ generalized end - to - end loss for speaker verification ; in this paper , we propose a new loss function called generalized end - to - end ( ge2e ) loss , which makes the training of speaker verification models more efficient than our previous tuple - based end - to - end ( te2e ) loss function . unlike te2e , the ge2e loss function updates the network in a way that emphasizes examples that are difficult to verify at each step of the training process . additionally , the ge2e loss does not require an initial stage of example sele ←
→ data fusion by matrix factorization ; for most problems in science and engineering we can obtain data sets that describe the observed system from various perspectives and record the behavior of its individual components . heterogeneous data sets can be collectively mined by data fusion . fusion can focus on a specific target relation and exploit directly associated data together with contextual data and data about system ' s constraints . in the paper we describe a data fusion approach with penalized matrix tri -←
→ an equation - of - state - meter of qcd transition from deep learning ; supervised learning with a deep convolutional neural network is used to identify the qcd equation of state ( eos ) employed in relativistic hydrodynamic simulations of heavy - ion collisions from the simulated final - state particle spectra $\ rho ( p_t ,\ phi )$. high - level correlations of $\ rho ( p_t ,\ phi )$ learned by the neural network act as an effective " eos - meter " in detecting the nature of the qcd transition . the eos - meter is model independent and i ←
→ local communities obstruct global consensus : naming game on multi - local - world networks ; community structure is essential for social communications , where individuals belonging to the same community are much more actively interacting and communicating with each other than those in different communities within the human society . naming game , on the other hand , is a social communication model that simulates the process of learning a name of an object within a community of humans , where the individuals can g ←
→ using differential evolution for the graph coloring ; differential evolution was developed for reliable and versatile function optimization . it has also become interesting for other domains because of its ease to use . in this paper , we posed the question of whether differential evolution can also be used by solving of the combinatorial optimization problems , and in particular , for the graph coloring problem . therefore , a hybrid self - adaptive differential evolution algorithm for graph coloring was proposed t ←
→ ian : the individual aggregation network for person search ; person search in real - world scenarios is a new challenging computer version task with many meaningful applications . the challenge of this task mainly comes from : ( 1 ) unavailable bounding boxes for pedestrians and the model needs to search for the person over the whole gallery images ; ( 2 ) huge variance of visual appearance of a particular person owing to varying poses , lighting conditions , and occlusions . to address these two critical issues in mode ←
→ beyond normality : learning sparse probabilistic graphical models in the non - gaussian setting ; we present an algorithm to identify sparse dependence structure in continuous and non - gaussian probability distributions , given a corresponding set of data . the conditional independence structure of an arbitrary distribution can be represented as an undirected graph ( or markov random field ), but most algorithms for learning this structure are restricted to the discrete or gaussian cases . our new approach allows ←
→ comparing svm and naive bayes classifiers for text categorization with wikitology as knowledge enrichment ; the activity of labeling of documents according to their content is known as text categorization . many experiments have been carried out to enhance text categorization by adding background knowledge to the document using knowledge repositories like word net , open project directory ( opd ), wikipedia and wikitology . in our previous work , we have carried out intensive experiments by extracting knowledge ←
→ bayesian nonparametric comorbidity analysis of psychiatric disorders ; the analysis of comorbidity is an open and complex research field in the branch of psychiatry , where clinical experience and several studies suggest that the relation among the psychiatric disorders may have etiological and treatment implications . in this paper , we are interested in applying latent feature modeling to find the latent structure behind the psychiatric disorders that can help to examine and explain the relationships among t ←
→ a note on the spice method ; in this article , we analyze the spice method developed in [ 1 ], and establish its connections with other standard sparse estimation methods such as the lasso and the lad - lasso . this result positions spice as a computationally efficient technique for the calculation of lasso - type estimators . conversely , this connection is very useful for establishing the asymptotic properties of spice under several problem scenarios and for suggesting suitable modifications in cases where the naiv ←
→ flexible network binarization with layer - wise priority ; how to effectively approximate real - valued parameters with binary codes plays a central role in neural network binarization . in this work , we reveal an important fact that binarizing different layers has a widely - varied effect on the compression ratio of network and the loss of performance . based on this fact , we propose a novel and flexible neural network binarization method by introducing the concept of layer - wise priority which binarizes parameters ←
→ pu - net : point cloud upsampling network ; learning and analyzing 3d point cloud with deep networks is challenging due to the sparseness and irregularity of the data . in this paper , we present a data - driven point cloud upsampling technique . the key idea is to learn multi - level features per point , and then expanding them via a multi - branch convolution unit , to implicitly expand the point set in feature space . the expanded feature is then split to a multitude of features , which are then reconstructed to an upsa ←
→ revisiting the design issues of local models for japanese predicate - argument structure analysis ; the research trend in japanese predicate - argument structure ( pas ) analysis is shifting from pointwise prediction models with local features to global models designed to search for globally optimal solutions . however , the existing global models tend to employ only relatively simple local features ; therefore , the overall performance gains are rather limited . the importance of designing a local model is demonstr ←
→ a discrete evolutionary model for chess players ' ratings ; the elo system for rating chess players , also used in other games and sports , was adopted by the world chess federation over four decades ago . although not without controversy , it is accepted as generally reliable and provides a method for assessing players ' strengths and ranking them in official tournaments . it is generally accepted that the distribution of players ' rating data is approximately normal but , to date , no stochastic model of how the ←
→ uncovering temporal context for video question and answering ; in this work , we introduce video question answering in temporal domain to infer the past , describe the present and predict the future . we present an encoder - decoder approach using recurrent neural networks to learn temporal structures of videos and introduce a dual - channel ranking loss to answer multiple - choice questions . we explore approaches for finer understanding of video content using question form of " fill - in - the - blank ", and managed to col ←
→ keeping the bad guys out : protecting and vaccinating deep learning with jpeg compression ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have achieved great success in solving a variety of machine learning ( ml ) problems , especially in the domain of image recognition . however , recent research showed that dnns can be highly vulnerable to adversarially generated instances , which look seemingly normal to human observers , but completely confuse dnns . these adversarial samples are crafted by adding small perturbations to normal ,←
→ approximate inference for nonstationary heteroscedastic gaussian process regression ; this paper presents a novel approach for approximate integration over the uncertainty of noise and signal variances in gaussian process ( gp ) regression . our efficient and straightforward approach can also be applied to integration over input dependent noise variance ( heteroscedasticity ) and input dependent signal variance ( nonstationarity ) by setting independent gp priors for the noise and signal variances . we use expect ←
→ using spatially varying pixels exposures and bayer - covered photosensors for high dynamic range imaging ; the method of a linear high dynamic range imaging using solid - state photosensors with bayer colour filters array is provided in this paper . using information from neighbour pixels , it is possible to reconstruct linear images with wide dynamic range from the oversaturated images . bayer colour filters array is considered as an array of neutral filters in a quasimonochromatic light . if the camera ' s respon ←
→ single reduct generation based on relative indiscernibility of rough set theory ; in real world everything is an object which represents particular classes . every object can be fully described by its attributes . any real world dataset contains large number of attributes and objects . classifiers give poor performance when these huge datasets are given as input to it for proper classification . so from these huge dataset most useful attributes need to be extracted that contribute the maximum to the decision .←
→ automatic image segmentation by dynamic region merging ; this paper addresses the automatic image segmentation problem in a region merging style . with an initially over - segmented image , in which the many regions ( or super - pixels ) with homogeneous color are detected , image segmentation is performed by iteratively merging the regions according to a statistical test . there are two essential issues in a region merging algorithm : order of merging and the stopping criterion . in the proposed algorithm , these two i ←
→ learning what to look in chest x - rays with a recurrent visual attention model ; x - rays are commonly performed imaging tests that use small amounts of radiation to produce pictures of the organs , tissues , and bones of the body . x - rays of the chest are used to detect abnormalities or diseases of the airways , blood vessels , bones , heart , and lungs . in this work we present a stochastic attention - based model that is capable of learning what regions within a chest x - ray scan should be visually explored in order ←
→ enhanced deep residual networks for single image super - resolution ; recent research on super - resolution has progressed with the development of deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnn ). in particular , residual learning techniques exhibit improved performance . in this paper , we develop an enhanced deep super - resolution network ( edsr ) with performance exceeding those of current state - of - the - art sr methods . the significant performance improvement of our model is due to optimization by removing unnecessary modu ←
→ workflow complexity for collaborative interactions : where are the metrics ? -- a challenge ; in this paper , we introduce the problem of denoting and deriving the complexity of workflows ( plans , schedules ) in collaborative , planner - assisted settings where humans and agents are trying to jointly solve a task . the interactions -- and hence the workflows that connect the human and the agents -- may differ according to the domain and the kind of agents . we adapt insights from prior work in human - agent teaming a ←
→ deepcancer : detecting cancer through gene expressions via deep generative learning ; transcriptional profiling on microarrays to obtain gene expressions has been used to facilitate cancer diagnosis . we propose a deep generative machine learning architecture ( called deepcancer ) that learn features from unlabeled microarray data . these models have been used in conjunction with conventional classifiers that perform classification of the tissue samples as either being cancerous or non - cancerous . the proposed ←
→ generalised reichenbachian common cause systems ; the principle of the common cause claims that if an improbable coincidence has occurred , there must exist a common cause . this is generally taken to mean that positive correlations between non - causally related events should disappear when conditioning on the action of some underlying common cause . the extended interpretation of the principle , by contrast , urges that common causes should be called for in order to explain positive deviations between the estima ←
→ learning parametric dictionaries for graph signals ; in sparse signal representation , the choice of a dictionary often involves a tradeoff between two desirable properties -- the ability to adapt to specific signal data and a fast implementation of the dictionary . to sparsely represent signals residing on weighted graphs , an additional design challenge is to incorporate the intrinsic geometric structure of the irregular data domain into the atoms of the dictionary . in this work , we propose a parametric dict ←
→ sampling and reconstruction of graph signals via weak submodularity and semidefinite relaxation ; we study the problem of sampling a bandlimited graph signal in the presence of noise , where the objective is to select a node subset of prescribed cardinality that minimizes the signal reconstruction mean squared error ( mse ). to that end , we formulate the task at hand as the minimization of mse subject to binary constraints , and approximate the resulting np - hard problem via semidefinite programming ( sdp ) rela ←
→ designing energy - efficient convolutional neural networks using energy - aware pruning ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are indispensable to state - of - the - art computer vision algorithms . however , they are still rarely deployed on battery - powered mobile devices , such as smartphones and wearable gadgets , where vision algorithms can enable many revolutionary real - world applications . the key limiting factor is the high energy consumption of cnn processing due to its high computational complexity . while ←
→ bayesian optimization with automatic prior selection for data - efficient direct policy search ; one of the most interesting features of bayesian optimization for direct policy search is that it can leverage priors ( e . g ., from simulation or from previous tasks ) to accelerate learning on a robot . in this paper , we are interested in situations for which several priors exist but we do not know in advance which one fits best the current situation . we tackle this problem by introducing a novel acquisition functi ←
→ diving deeper into mentee networks ; modern computer vision is all about the possession of powerful image representations . deeper and deeper convolutional neural networks have been built using larger and larger datasets and are made publicly available . a large swath of computer vision scientists use these pre - trained networks with varying degrees of successes in various tasks . even though there is tremendous success in copying these networks , the representational space is not learnt from the target dataset ←
→ parallelizing stochastic approximation through mini - batching and tail - averaging ; this work characterizes the benefits of averaging techniques widely used in conjunction with stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ). in particular , this work sharply analyzes : ( 1 ) mini - batching , a method of averaging many samples of the gradient to both reduce the variance of a stochastic gradient estimate and for parallelizing sgd and ( 2 ) tail - averaging , a method involving averaging the final few iterates of sgd in order to decr ←
→ sentiment analysis of code - mixed indian languages : an overview of sail_code - mixed shared task @ icon - 2017 ; sentiment analysis is essential in many real - world applications such as stance detection , review analysis , recommendation system , and so on . sentiment analysis becomes more difficult when the data is noisy and collected from social media . india is a multilingual country ; people use more than one languages to communicate within themselves . the switching in between the languages is called code - switchin ←
→ resolution of unidentified words in machine translation ; this paper presents a mechanism of resolving unidentified lexical units in text - based machine translation ( tbmt ). in a machine translation ( mt ) system it is unlikely to have a complete lexicon and hence there is intense need of a new mechanism to handle the problem of unidentified words . these unknown words could be abbreviations , names , acronyms and newly introduced terms . we have proposed an algorithm for the resolution of the unidentified words . t ←
→ characterizing political fake news in twitter by its meta - data ; this article presents a preliminary approach towards characterizing political fake news on twitter through the analysis of their meta - data . in particular , we focus on more than 1 . 5m tweets collected on the day of the election of donald trump as 45th president of the united states of america . we use the meta - data embedded within those tweets in order to look for differences between tweets containing fake news and tweets not containing them . spe ←
→ alleviating overfitting for polysemous words for word representation estimation using lexicons ; though there are some works on improving distributed word representations using lexicons , the improper overfitting of the words that have multiple meanings is a remaining issue deteriorating the learning when lexicons are used , which needs to be solved . an alternative method is to allocate a vector per sense instead of a vector per word . however , the word representations estimated in the former way are not as ←
→ profiling of a network behind an infectious disease outbreak ; stochasticity and spatial heterogeneity are of great interest recently in studying the spread of an infectious disease . the presented method solves an inverse problem to discover the effectively decisive topology of a heterogeneous network and reveal the transmission parameters which govern the stochastic spreads over the network from a dataset on an infectious disease outbreak in the early growth phase . populations in a combination of epidemiol ←
→ deep neural networks for improved , impromptu trajectory tracking of quadrotors ; trajectory tracking control for quadrotors is important for applications ranging from surveying and inspection , to film making . however , designing and tuning classical controllers , such as proportional - integral - derivative ( pid ) controllers , to achieve high tracking precision can be time - consuming and difficult , due to hidden dynamics and other non - idealities . the deep neural network ( dnn ), with its superior capability of appr ←
→ transfer learning from deep features for remote sensing and poverty mapping ; the lack of reliable data in developing countries is a major obstacle to sustainable development , food security , and disaster relief . poverty data , for example , is typically scarce , sparse in coverage , and labor - intensive to obtain . remote sensing data such as high - resolution satellite imagery , on the other hand , is becoming increasingly available and inexpensive . unfortunately , such data is highly unstructured and currently no ←
→ matching - cnn meets knn : quasi - parametric human parsing ; both parametric and non - parametric approaches have demonstrated encouraging performances in the human parsing task , namely segmenting a human image into several semantic regions ( e . g ., hat , bag , left arm , face ). in this work , we aim to develop a new solution with the advantages of both methodologies , namely supervision from annotated data and the flexibility to use newly annotated ( possibly uncommon ) images , and present a quasi - parametric human parsin ←
→ enhancement of land - use change modeling using convolutional neural networks and convolutional denoising autoencoders ; the neighborhood effect is a key driving factor for the land - use change ( luc ) process . this study applies convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) to capture neighborhood characteristics from satellite images and to enhance the performance of luc modeling . we develop a hybrid cnn model ( conv - net ) to predict the lu transition probability by combining satellite images and geographical features . ←
→ kernelized supervised dictionary learning ; in this paper , we propose supervised dictionary learning ( sdl ) by incorporating information on class labels into the learning of the dictionary . to this end , we propose to learn the dictionary in a space where the dependency between the signals and their corresponding labels is maximized . to maximize this dependency , the recently introduced hilbert schmidt independence criterion ( hsic ) is used . one of the main advantages of this novel approach for sdl is that it c ←
→ two - archive evolutionary algorithm for constrained multi - objective optimization ; when solving constrained multi - objective optimization problems , an important issue is how to balance convergence , diversity and feasibility simultaneously . to address this issue , this paper proposes a parameter - free constraint handling technique , two - archive evolutionary algorithm , for constrained multi - objective optimization . it maintains two co - evolving populations simultaneously : one , denoted as convergence archive , is th ←
→ video person re - identification by temporal residual learning ; in this paper , we propose a novel feature learning framework for video person re - identification ( re - id ). the proposed framework largely aims to exploit the adequate temporal information of video sequences and tackle the poor spatial alignment of moving pedestrians . more specifically , for exploiting the temporal information , we design a temporal residual learning ( trl ) module to simultaneously extract the generic and specific features of consecut ←
→ on the information in spike timing : neural codes derived from polychronous groups ; there is growing evidence regarding the importance of spike timing in neural information processing , with even a small number of spikes carrying information , but computational models lag significantly behind those for rate coding . experimental evidence on neuronal behavior is consistent with the dynamical and state dependent behavior provided by recurrent connections . this motivates the minimalistic abstraction investigate ←
→ genetic representations for evolutionary minimization of network coding resources ; we demonstrate how a genetic algorithm solves the problem of minimizing the resources used for network coding , subject to a throughput constraint , in a multicast scenario . a genetic algorithm avoids the computational complexity that makes the problem np - hard and , for our experiments , greatly improves on sub - optimal solutions of established methods . we compare two different genotype encodings , which tradeoff search space si ←
→ hyper - sparse optimal aggregation ; in this paper , we consider the problem of " hyper - sparse aggregation ". namely , given a dictionary $ f = \{ f_1 , ..., f_m \}$ of functions , we look for an optimal aggregation algorithm that writes $\ tilde f = \ sum_ { j = 1 }^ m \ theta_j f_j $ with as many zero coefficients $\ theta_j $ as possible . this problem is of particular interest when $ f $ contains many irrelevant functions that should not appear in $\ tilde { f }$. we provide an exact oracle inequality for $\ tilde f $, where only two ←
→ speaker - sensitive dual memory networks for multi - turn slot tagging ; in multi - turn dialogs , natural language understanding models can introduce obvious errors by being blind to contextual information . to incorporate dialog history , we present a neural architecture with speaker - sensitive dual memory networks which encode utterances differently depending on the speaker . this addresses the different extents of information available to the system - the system knows only the surface form of user utterances while ←
→ investigating the effects diversity mechanisms have on evolutionary algorithms in dynamic environments ; evolutionary algorithms have been successfully applied to a variety of optimisation problems in stationary environments . however , many real world optimisation problems are set in dynamic environments where the success criteria shifts regularly . population diversity affects algorithmic performance , particularly on multiobjective and dynamic problems . diversity mechanisms are methods of altering evolutio ←
→ improving local search for fuzzy scheduling problems ; the integration of fuzzy set theory and fuzzy logic into scheduling is a rather new aspect with growing importance for manufacturing applications , resulting in various unsolved aspects . in the current paper , we investigate an improved local search technique for fuzzy scheduling problems with fitness plateaus , using a multi criteria formulation of the problem . we especially address the problem of changing job priorities over time as studied at the sherwo ←
→ fisher vectors derived from hybrid gaussian - laplacian mixture models for image annotation ; in the traditional object recognition pipeline , descriptors are densely sampled over an image , pooled into a high dimensional non - linear representation and then passed to a classifier . in recent years , fisher vectors have proven empirically to be the leading representation for a large variety of applications . the fisher vector is typically taken as the gradients of the log - likelihood of descriptors , with respect to ←
→ memory - efficient design strategy for a parallel embedded integral image computation engine ; in embedded vision systems , parallel computation of the integral image presents several design challenges in terms of hardware resources , speed and power consumption . although recursive equations significantly reduce the number of operations for computing the integral image , the required internal memory becomes prohibitively large for an embedded integral image computation engine for increasing image sizes . with t ←
→ generalization bounds of sgld for non - convex learning : two theoretical viewpoints ; algorithm - dependent generalization error bounds are central to statistical learning theory . a learning algorithm may use a large hypothesis space , but the limited number of iterations controls its model capacity and generalization error . the impacts of stochastic gradient methods on generalization error for non - convex learning problems not only have important theoretical consequences , but are also critical to generalizatio ←
→ geogebra tools with proof capabilities ; we report about significant enhancements of the complex algebraic geometry theorem proving subsystem in geogebra for automated proofs in euclidean geometry , concerning the extension of numerous geogebra tools with proof capabilities . as a result , a number of elementary theorems can be proven by using geogebra ' s intuitive user interface on various computer architectures including native java and web based systems with javascript . we also provide a test suite for bench ←
→ consistency of cheeger and ratio graph cuts ; this paper establishes the consistency of a family of graph - cut - based algorithms for clustering of data clouds . we consider point clouds obtained as samples of a ground - truth measure . we investigate approaches to clustering based on minimizing objective functionals defined on proximity graphs of the given sample . our focus is on functionals based on graph cuts like the cheeger and ratio cuts . we show that minimizers of the these cuts converge as the sample size ←
→ coherence , belief expansion and bayesian networks ; we construct a probabilistic coherence measure for information sets which determines a partial coherence ordering . this measure is applied in constructing a criterion for expanding our beliefs in the face of new information . a number of idealizations are being made which can be relaxed by an appeal to bayesian networks .←
→ an information - theoretic analysis of hard and soft assignment methods for clustering ; assignment methods are at the heart of many algorithms for unsupervised learning and clustering - in particular , the well - known k - means and expectation - maximization ( em ) algorithms . in this work , we study several different methods of assignment , including the " hard " assignments used by k - means and the ? soft ' assignments used by em . while it is known that k - means minimizes the distortion on the data and em maximizes the ←
→ extract with order for coherent multi - document summarization ; in this work , we aim at developing an extractive summarizer in the multi - document setting . we implement a rank based sentence selection using continuous vector representations along with key - phrases . furthermore , we propose a model to tackle summary coherence for increasing readability . we conduct experiments on the document understanding conference ( duc ) 2004 datasets using rouge toolkit . our experiments demonstrate that the methods bring signi ←
→ function driven diffusion for personalized counterfactual inference ; we consider the problem of constructing diffusion operators high dimensional data $ x $ to address counterfactual functions $ f $, such as individualized treatment effectiveness . we propose and construct a new diffusion metric $ k_f $ that captures both the local geometry of $ x $ and the directions of variance of $ f $. the resulting diffusion metric is then used to define a localized filtration of $ f $ and answer counterfactual questions pointwise ←
→ variational bayes approach for model aggregation in unsupervised classification with markovian dependency ; we consider a binary unsupervised classification problem where each observation is associated with an unobserved label that we want to retrieve . more precisely , we assume that there are two groups of observation : normal and abnormal . the ` normal ' observations are coming from a known distribution whereas the distribution of the ` abnormal ' observations is unknown . several models have been developed to ←
→ trading usdchf filtered by gold dynamics via hmm coupling ; we devise a usdchf trading strategy using the dynamics of gold as a filter . our strategy involves modelling both usdchf and gold using a coupled hidden markov model ( chmm ). the observations will be indicators , rsi and cci , which will be used as triggers for our trading signals . upon decoding the model in each iteration , we can get the next most probable state and the next most probable observation . hopefully by taking advantage of intermarket analy ←
→ the alldifferent constraint : a survey ; the constraint of difference is known to the constraint programming community since lauriere introduced alice in 1978 . since then , several solving strategies have been designed for this constraint . in this paper we give both a practical overview and an abstract comparison of these different strategies .←
→ on sat models enumeration in itemset mining ; frequent itemset mining is an essential part of data analysis and data mining . recent works propose interesting sat - based encodings for the problem of discovering frequent itemsets . our aim in this work is to define strategies for adapting sat solvers to such encodings in order to improve models enumeration . in this context , we deeply study the effects of restart , branching heuristics and clauses learning . we then conduct an experimental evaluation on sat - based ←
→ a literature review : stemming algorithms for indian languages ; stemming is the process of extracting root word from the given inflection word . it also plays significant role in numerous application of natural language processing ( nlp ). the stemming problem has addressed in many contexts and by researchers in many disciplines . this expository paper presents survey of some of the latest developments on stemming algorithms in data mining and also presents with some of the solutions for various indian language ←
→ lexical resources for hindi marathi mt ; in this paper we describe some ways to utilize various lexical resources to improve the quality of statistical machine translation system . we have augmented the training corpus with various lexical resources such as indowordnet semantic relation set , function words , kridanta pairs and verb phrases etc . our research on the usage of lexical resources mainly focused on two ways such as augmenting parallel corpus with more vocabulary and augmenting with various word form ←
→ automatic vertebra labeling in large - scale 3d ct using deep image - to - image network with message passing and sparsity regularization ; automatic localization and labeling of vertebra in 3d medical images plays an important role in many clinical tasks , including pathological diagnosis , surgical planning and postoperative assessment . however , the unusual conditions of pathological cases , such as the abnormal spine curvature , bright visual imaging artifacts caused by metal implants , and the limited field of v ←
→ unsupervised detection and tracking of arbitrary objects with dependent dirichlet process mixtures ; this paper proposes a technique for the unsupervised detection and tracking of arbitrary objects in videos . it is intended to reduce the need for detection and localization methods tailored to specific object types and serve as a general framework applicable to videos with varied objects , backgrounds , and image qualities . the technique uses a dependent dirichlet process mixture ( ddpm ) known as the generali ←
→ deep learning for decoding of linear codes - a syndrome - based approach ; we present a novel framework for applying deep neural networks ( dnn ) to soft decoding of linear codes at arbitrary block lengths . unlike other approaches , our framework allows unconstrained dnn design , enabling the free application of powerful designs that were developed in other contexts . our method is robust to overfitting that inhibits many competing methods , which follows from the exponentially large number of codewords required fo ←
→ wide - residual - inception networks for real - time object detection ; since convolutional neural network ( cnn ) models emerged , several tasks in computer vision have actively deployed cnn models for feature extraction . however , the conventional cnn models have a high computational cost and require high memory capacity , which is impractical and unaffordable for commercial applications such as real - time on - road object detection on embedded boards or mobile platforms . to tackle this limitation of cnn models , this paper ←
→ evolving imputation strategies for missing data in classification problems with tpot ; missing data has a ubiquitous presence in real - life applications of machine learning techniques . imputation methods are algorithms conceived for restoring missing values in the data , based on other entries in the database . the choice of the imputation method has an influence on the performance of the machine learning technique , e . g ., it influences the accuracy of the classification algorithm applied to the data . therefo ←
→ coulomb gans : provably optimal nash equilibria via potential fields ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) evolved into one of the most successful unsupervised techniques for generating realistic images . even though it has recently been shown that gan training converges , gan models often end up in local nash equilibria that are associated with mode collapse or otherwise fail to model the target distribution . we introduce coulomb gans , which pose the gan learning problem as a potential field of charged par ←
→ fast spectral clustering using autoencoders and landmarks ; in this paper , we introduce an algorithm for performing spectral clustering efficiently . spectral clustering is a powerful clustering algorithm that suffers from high computational complexity , due to eigen decomposition . in this work , we first build the adjacency matrix of the corresponding graph of the dataset . to build this matrix , we only consider a limited number of points , called landmarks , and compute the similarity of all data points with th ←
→ joint causal inference from observational and experimental datasets ; we introduce joint causal inference ( jci ), a powerful formulation of causal discovery from multiple datasets that allows to jointly learn both the causal structure and targets of interventions from statistical independences in pooled data . compared with existing constraint - based approaches for causal discovery from multiple data sets , jci offers several advantages : it allows for several different types of interventions in a unified fashio ←
→ semantic hmc for big data analysis ; analyzing big data can help corporations to im - prove their efficiency . in this work we present a new vision to derive value from big data using a semantic hierarchical multi - label classification called semantic hmc based in a non - supervised ontology learning process . we also proposea semantic hmc process , using scalable machine - learning techniques and rule - based reasoning .←
→ spectral clustering with epidemic diffusion ; spectral clustering is widely used to partition graphs into distinct modules or communities . existing methods for spectral clustering use the eigenvalues and eigenvectors of the graph laplacian , an operator that is closely associated with random walks on graphs . we propose a new spectral partitioning method that exploits the properties of epidemic diffusion . an epidemic is a dynamic process that , unlike the random walk , simultaneously transitions to all the neig ←
→ function space analysis of deep learning representation layers ; in this paper we propose a function space approach to representation learning and the analysis of the representation layers in deep learning architectures . we show how to compute a weak - type besov smoothness index that quantifies the geometry of the clustering in the feature space . this approach was already applied successfully to improve the performance of machine learning algorithms such as the random forest and tree - based gradient boosting .←
→ ontology as a source for rule generation ; this paper discloses the potential of owl ( web ontology language ) ontologies for generation of rules . the main purpose of this paper is to identify new types of rules , which may be generated from owl ontologies . rules , generated from owl ontologies , are necessary for the functioning of the semantic web expert system . it is expected that the semantic web expert system ( swes ) will be able to process ontologies from the web with the purpose to supplement or even to de ←
→ relaynet : retinal layer and fluid segmentation of macular optical coherence tomography using fully convolutional network ; optical coherence tomography ( oct ) is used for non - invasive diagnosis of diabetic macular edema assessing the retinal layers . in this paper , we propose a new fully convolutional deep architecture , termed relaynet , for end - to - end segmentation of retinal layers and fluid masses in eye oct scans . relaynet uses a contracting path of convolutional blocks ( encoders ) to learn a hierarchy of ←
→ end - to - end multi - view networks for text classification ; we propose a multi - view network for text classification . our method automatically creates various views of its input text , each taking the form of soft attention weights that distribute the classifier ' s focus among a set of base features . for a bag - of - words representation , each view focuses on a different subset of the text ' s words . aggregating many such views results in a more discriminative and robust representation . through a novel architecture tha ←
→ multi - frame image super - resolution with fast upscaling technique ; multi - frame image super - resolution ( misr ) aims to fuse information in low - resolution ( lr ) image sequence to compose a high - resolution ( hr ) one , which is applied extensively in many areas recently . different with single image super - resolution ( sisr ), sub - pixel transitions between multiple frames introduce additional information , attaching more significance to fusion operator to alleviate the ill - posedness of misr . for reconstruction - based app ←
→ unknowable manipulators : social network curator algorithms ; for a social networking service to acquire and retain users , it must find ways to keep them engaged . by accurately gauging their preferences , it is able to serve them with the subset of available content that maximises revenue for the site . without the constraints of an appropriate regulatory framework , we argue that a sufficiently sophisticated curator algorithm tasked with performing this process may choose to explore curation strategies that ar ←
→ actively learning to attract followers on twitter ; twitter , a popular social network , presents great opportunities for on - line machine learning research . however , previous research has focused almost entirely on learning from passively collected data . we study the problem of learning to acquire followers through normative user behavior , as opposed to the mass following policies applied by many bots . we formalize the problem as a contextual bandit problem , in which we consider retweeting content to be the a ←
→ fast and efficient asynchronous neural computation with adapting spiking neural networks ; biological neurons communicate with a sparing exchange of pulses - spikes . it is an open question how real spiking neurons produce the kind of powerful neural computation that is possible with deep artificial neural networks , using only so very few spikes to communicate . building on recent insights in neuroscience , we present an adapting spiking neural network ( asnn ) based on adaptive spiking neurons . these spiking ←
→ escaping the curse of dimensionality with a tree - based regressor ; we present the first tree - based regressor whose convergence rate depends only on the intrinsic dimension of the data , namely its assouad dimension . the regressor uses the rptree partitioning procedure , a simple randomized variant of k - d trees .←
→ the complexity of causality and responsibility for query answers and non - answers ; an answer to a query has a well - defined lineage expression ( alternatively called how - provenance ) that explains how the answer was derived . recent work has also shown how to compute the lineage of a non - answer to a query . however , the cause of an answer or non - answer is a more subtle notion and consists , in general , of only a fragment of the lineage . in this paper , we adapt halpern , pearl , and chockler ' s recent definitions o ←
→ mob - esp and other improvements in probability estimation ; a key prerequisite to optimal reasoning under uncertainty in intelligent systems is to start with good class probability estimates . this paper improves on the current best probability estimation trees ( bagged - pets ) and also presents a new ensemble - based algorithm ( mob - esp ). comparisons are made using several benchmark datasets and multiple metrics . these experiments show that mob - esp outputs significantly more accurate class probabilities than eithe ←
→ random algorithms for the loop cutset problem ; we show how to find a minimum loop cutset in a bayesian network with high probability . finding such a loop cutset is the first step in pearl ' s method of conditioning for inference . our random algorithm for finding a loop cutset , called " repeated wguessi ", outputs a minimum loop cutset , after o ( c 6 ^ k k n ) steps , with probability at least 1 -( 1 over { 6 ^ k })^{ c 6 ^ k }), where c > 1 is a constant specified by the user , k is the size of a minimum weight loop cutset , and n ←
→ abductive reasoning as the basis to reproduce expert criteria in ecg atrial fibrillation identification ; objective : this work aims at providing a new method for the automatic detection of atrial fibrillation , other arrhythmia and noise on short single lead ecg signals , emphasizing the importance of the interpretability of the classification results . approach : a morphological and rhythm description of the cardiac behavior is obtained by a knowledge - based interpretation of the signal using the \ textit { co ←
→ rollout sampling approximate policy iteration ; several researchers have recently investigated the connection between reinforcement learning and classification . we are motivated by proposals of approximate policy iteration schemes without value functions which focus on policy representation using classifiers and address policy learning as a supervised learning problem . this paper proposes variants of an improved policy iteration scheme which addresses the core sampling problem in evaluating a policy through ←
→ a nonparametric bayesian approach for spoken term detection by example query ; state of the art speech recognition systems use data - intensive context - dependent phonemes as acoustic units . however , these approaches do not translate well to low resourced languages where large amounts of training data is not available . for such languages , automatic discovery of acoustic units is critical . in this paper , we demonstrate the application of nonparametric bayesian models to acoustic unit discovery . we show that t ←
→ a 3d object detection and pose estimation pipeline using rgb - d images ; 3d object detection and pose estimation has been studied extensively in recent decades for its potential applications in robotics . however , there still remains challenges when we aim at detecting multiple objects while retaining low false positive rate in cluttered environments . this paper proposes a robust 3d object detection and pose estimation pipeline based on rgb - d images , which can detect multiple objects simultaneously while redu ←
→ efficient orthogonal tensor decomposition , with an application to latent variable model learning ; decomposing tensors into orthogonal factors is a well - known task in statistics , machine learning , and signal processing . we study orthogonal outer product decompositions where the factors in the summands in the decomposition are required to be orthogonal across summands , by relating this orthogonal decomposition to the singular value decompositions of the flattenings . we show that it is a non - trivial assumpt ←
→ the influence of global constraints on similarity measures for time - series databases ; a time series consists of a series of values or events obtained over repeated measurements in time . analysis of time series represents and important tool in many application areas , such as stock market analysis , process and quality control , observation of natural phenomena , medical treatments , etc . a vital component in many types of time - series analysis is the choice of an appropriate distance / similarity measure . numero ←
→ a hybrid artificial bee colony algorithm for graph 3 - coloring ; the artificial bee colony ( abc ) is the name of an optimization algorithm that was inspired by the intelligent behavior of a honey bee swarm . it is widely recognized as a quick , reliable , and efficient methods for solving optimization problems . this paper proposes a hybrid abc ( habc ) algorithm for graph 3 - coloring , which is a well - known discrete optimization problem . the results of habc are compared with results of the well - known graph coloring ←
→ evolutionary estimation of a coupled markov chain credit risk model ; there exists a range of different models for estimating and simulating credit risk transitions to optimally manage credit risk portfolios and products . in this chapter we present a coupled markov chain approach to model rating transitions and thereby default probabilities of companies . as the likelihood of the model turns out to be a non - convex function of the parameters to be estimated , we apply heuristics to find the ml estimators . to t ←
→ adversarial ladder networks ; the use of unsupervised data in addition to supervised data in training discriminative neural networks has improved the performance of this clas - sification scheme . however , the best results were achieved with a training process that is divided in two parts : first an unsupervised pre - training step is done for initializing the weights of the network and after these weights are refined with the use of supervised data . on the other hand adversarial noise has improved the results o ←
→ non - contact transmittance photoplethysmographic imaging ( ppgi ) for long - distance cardiovascular monitoring ; photoplethysmography ( ppg ) devices are widely used for monitoring cardiovascular function . however , these devices require skin contact , which restrict their use to at - rest short - term monitoring using single - point measurements . photoplethysmographic imaging ( ppgi ) has been recently proposed as a non - contact monitoring alternative by measuring blood pulse signals across a spatial region of interest . ←
→ transfer learning for domain adaptation in mri : application in brain lesion segmentation ; magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) is widely used in routine clinical diagnosis and treatment . however , variations in mri acquisition protocols result in different appearances of normal and diseased tissue in the images . convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), which have shown to be successful in many medical image analysis tasks , are typically sensitive to the variations in imaging protocols . therefore , in many cases , ←
→ a region - growing approach for automatic outcrop fracture extraction from a three - dimensional point cloud ; conventional manual surveys of rock mass fractures usually require large amounts of time and labor ; yet , they provide a relatively small set of data that cannot be considered representative of the study region . terrestrial laser scanners are increasingly used for fracture surveys because they can efficiently acquire large area , high - resolution , three - dimensional ( 3d ) point clouds from outcrops . howev ←
→ adadnns : adaptive ensemble of deep neural networks for scene text recognition ; recognizing text in the wild is a really challenging task because of complex backgrounds , various illuminations and diverse distortions , even with deep neural networks ( convolutional neural networks and recurrent neural networks ). in the end - to - end training procedure for scene text recognition , the outputs of deep neural networks at different iterations are always demonstrated with diversity and complementarity for the target ←
→ towards sub - word level compositions for sentiment analysis of hindi - english code mixed text ; sentiment analysis ( sa ) using code - mixed data from social media has several applications in opinion mining ranging from customer satisfaction to social campaign analysis in multilingual societies . advances in this area are impeded by the lack of a suitable annotated dataset . we introduce a hindi - english ( hi - en ) code - mixed dataset for sentiment analysis and perform empirical analysis comparing the suitability and ←
→ learning inverse mappings with adversarial criterion ; we propose a flipped - adversarial autoencoder ( faae ) that simultaneously trains a generative model g that maps an arbitrary latent code distribution to a data distribution and an encoder e that embodies an " inverse mapping " that encodes a data sample into a latent code vector . unlike previous hybrid approaches that leverage adversarial training criterion in constructing autoencoders , faae minimizes re - encoding errors in the latent space and exploits adve ←
→ enhancements of multi - class support vector machine construction from binary learners using generalization performance ; we propose several novel methods for enhancing the multi - class svms by applying the generalization performance of binary classifiers as the core idea . this concept will be applied on the existing algorithms , i . e ., the decision directed acyclic graph ( ddag ), the adaptive directed acyclic graphs ( adag ), and max wins . although in the previous approaches there have been many attempts to use ←
→ how the result of graph clustering methods depends on the construction of the graph ; we study the scenario of graph - based clustering algorithms such as spectral clustering . given a set of data points , one first has to construct a graph on the data points and then apply a graph clustering algorithm to find a suitable partition of the graph . our main question is if and how the construction of the graph ( choice of the graph , choice of parameters , choice of weights ) influences the outcome of the final cluste ←
→ a reinforcement learning approach to online learning of decision trees ; online decision tree learning algorithms typically examine all features of a new data point to update model parameters . we propose a novel alternative , reinforcement learning - based decision trees ( rldt ), that uses reinforcement learning ( rl ) to actively examine a minimal number of features of a data point to classify it with high accuracy . furthermore , rldt optimizes a long term return , providing a better alternative to the traditiona ←
→ financial market prediction ; given financial data from popular sites like yahoo and the london exchange , the presented paper attempts to model and predict stocks that can be considered " good investments ". stocks are characterized by 125 features ranging from gross domestic product to edibta , and are labeled by discrepancies between stock and market price returns . an artificial neural network ( self - organizing map ) is fitted to train on more than a million data points to predict " good investments " given test ←
→ predicting the performance of minimax and product in game - tree ; the discovery that the minimax decision rule performs poorly in some games has sparked interest in possible alternatives to minimax . until recently , the only games in which minimax was known to perform poorly were games which were mainly of theoretical interest . however , this paper reports results showing poor performance of minimax in a more common game called kalah . for the kalah games tested , a non - minimax decision rule called the product r ←
→ comparing human and automated evaluation of open - ended student responses to questions of evolution ; written responses can provide a wealth of data in understanding student reasoning on a topic . yet they are time - and labor - intensive to score , requiring many instructors to forego them except as limited parts of summative assessments at the end of a unit or course . recent developments in machine learning ( ml ) have produced computational methods of scoring written responses for the presence or absence of sp ←
→ tongue image constitution recognition based on complexity perception method ; background and object : in china , body constitution is highly related to physiological and pathological functions of human body and determines the tendency of the disease , which is of great importance for treatment in clinical medicine . tongue diagnosis , as a key part of traditional chinese medicine inspection , is an important way to recognize the type of constitution . in order to deploy tongue image constitution recognition syste ←
→ an accurate arabic root - based lemmatizer for information retrieval purposes ; in spite of its robust syntax , semantic cohesion , and less ambiguity , lemma level analysis and generation does not yet focused in arabic nlp literatures . in the current research , we propose the first non - statistical accurate arabic lemmatizer algorithm that is suitable for information retrieval ( ir ) systems . the proposed lemmatizer makes use of different arabic language knowledge resources to generate accurate lemma form and its ←
→ relating complexity to practical performance in parsing with wide - coverage unification grammars ; the paper demonstrates that exponential complexities with respect to grammar size and input length have little impact on the performance of three unification - based parsing algorithms , using a wide - coverage grammar . the results imply that the study and optimisation of unification - based parsing must rely on empirical data until complexity theory can more accurately predict the practical behaviour of such parser ←
→ gram - ctc : automatic unit selection and target decomposition for sequence labelling ; most existing sequence labelling models rely on a fixed decomposition of a target sequence into a sequence of basic units . these methods suffer from two major drawbacks : 1 ) the set of basic units is fixed , such as the set of words , characters or phonemes in speech recognition , and 2 ) the decomposition of target sequences is fixed . these drawbacks usually result in sub - optimal performance of modeling sequences . in this pa -←
→ one - step time - dependent future video frame prediction with a convolutional encoder - decoder neural network ; there is an inherent need for autonomous cars , drones , and other robots to have a notion of how their environment behaves and to anticipate changes in the near future . in this work , we focus on anticipating future appearance given the current frame of a video . existing work focuses on either predicting the future appearance as the next frame of a video , or predicting future motion as optical flow or ←
→ a fast statistical method for multilevel thresholding in wavelet domain ; an algorithm is proposed for the segmentation of image into multiple levels using mean and standard deviation in the wavelet domain . the procedure provides for variable size segmentation with bigger block size around the mean , and having smaller blocks at the ends of histogram plot of each horizontal , vertical and diagonal components , while for the approximation component it provides for finer block size around the mean , and larger bl ←
→ an investigation report on auction mechanism design ; auctions are markets with strict regulations governing the information available to traders in the market and the possible actions they can take . since well designed auctions achieve desirable economic outcomes , they have been widely used in solving real - world optimization problems , and in structuring stock or futures exchanges . auctions also provide a very valuable testing - ground for economic theory , and they play an important role in computer - based con ←
→ ising processing units : potential and challenges for discrete optimization ; the recent emergence of novel computational devices , such as adiabatic quantum computers , cmos annealers , and optical parametric oscillators , presents new opportunities for hybrid - optimization algorithms that leverage these kinds of specialized hardware . in this work , we propose the idea of an ising processing unit as a computational abstraction for these emerging tools . challenges involved in using and benchmarking these devices ←
→ diffusion adaptation over networks ; adaptive networks are well - suited to perform decentralized information processing and optimization tasks and to model various types of self - organized and complex behavior encountered in nature . adaptive networks consist of a collection of agents with processing and learning abilities . the agents are linked together through a connection topology , and they cooperate with each other through local interactions to solve distributed optimization , estimation , and inference prob ←
→ image compressive sensing recovery using adaptively learned sparsifying basis via l0 minimization ; from many fewer acquired measurements than suggested by the nyquist sampling theory , compressive sensing ( cs ) theory demonstrates that , a signal can be reconstructed with high probability when it exhibits sparsity in some domain . most of the conventional cs recovery approaches , however , exploited a set of fixed bases ( e . g . dct , wavelet and gradient domain ) for the entirety of a signal , which are irrespectiv ←
→ 3d - mesh denoising using an improved vertex based anisotropic diffusion ; this paper deals with an improvement of vertex based nonlinear diffusion for mesh denoising . this method directly filters the position of the vertices using laplace , reduced centered gaussian and rayleigh probability density functions as diffusivities . the use of these pdfs improves the performance of a vertex - based diffusion method which are adapted to the underlying mesh structure . we also compare the proposed method to other mesh de ←
→ online prediction of ovarian cancer ; in this paper we apply computer learning methods to diagnosing ovarian cancer using the level of the standard biomarker ca125 in conjunction with information provided by mass - spectrometry . we are working with a new data set collected over a period of 7 years . using the level of ca125 and mass - spectrometry peaks , our algorithm gives probability predictions for the disease . to estimate classification accuracy we convert probability predictions into strict predictions . our ←
→ class correlation affects single object localization using pre - trained convnets ; the problem of object localization has become one of the mainstream problems of vision . most of the algorithms proposed involve the design for the model to be specifically for localizing objects . in this paper , we explore whether a pre - trained canonical convnet ( without fine - tuning ) trained purely for object classification on one dataset with global image level labels can be used to localize objects in images containing a si ←
→ computing aic for black - box models using generalised degrees of freedom : a comparison with cross - validation ; generalised degrees of freedom ( gdf ), as defined by ye ( 1998 jasa 93 : 120 - 131 ), represent the sensitivity of model fits to perturbations of the data . as such they can be computed for any statistical model , making it possible , in principle , to derive the number of parameters in machine - learning approaches . defined originally for normally distributed data only , we here investigate the potential of th ←
→ causal inference on time series using structural equation models ; causal inference uses observations to infer the causal structure of the data generating system . we study a class of functional models that we call time series models with independent noise ( timino ). these models require independent residual time series , whereas traditional methods like granger causality exploit the variance of residuals . there are two main contributions : ( 1 ) theoretical : by restricting the model class ( e . g . to additive noise ←
→ spectrally grouped total variation reconstruction for scatter imaging using admm ; we consider x - ray coherent scatter imaging , where the goal is to reconstruct momentum transfer profiles ( spectral distributions ) at each spatial location from multiplexed measurements of scatter . each material is characterized by a unique momentum transfer profile ( mtp ) which can be used to discriminate between different materials . we propose an iterative image reconstruction algorithm based on a poisson noise model that ca ←
→ using ensemble models in the histological examination of tissue abnormalities ; classification models for the automatic detection of abnormalities on histological samples do exists , with an active debate on the cost associated with false negative diagnosis ( underdiagnosis ) and false positive diagnosis ( overdiagnosis ). current models tend to underdiagnose , failing to recognize a potentially fatal disease . the objective of this study is to investigate the possibility of automatically identifying abnormali ←
→ fast reinforcement learning for energy - efficient wireless communications ; we consider the problem of energy - efficient point - to - point transmission of delay - sensitive data ( e . g . multimedia data ) over a fading channel . existing research on this topic utilizes either physical - layer centric solutions , namely power - control and adaptive modulation and coding ( amc ), or system - level solutions based on dynamic power management ( dpm ); however , there is currently no rigorous and unified framework for simultaneously ut ←
→ sample complexity of learning mahalanobis distance metrics ; metric learning seeks a transformation of the feature space that enhances prediction quality for the given task at hand . in this work we provide pac - style sample complexity rates for supervised metric learning . we give matching lower - and upper - bounds showing that the sample complexity scales with the representation dimension when no assumptions are made about the underlying data distribution . however , by leveraging the structure of the data distr ←
→ generalized video deblurring for dynamic scenes ; several state - of - the - art video deblurring methods are based on a strong assumption that the captured scenes are static . these methods fail to deblur blurry videos in dynamic scenes . we propose a video deblurring method to deal with general blurs inherent in dynamic scenes , contrary to other methods . to handle locally varying and general blurs caused by various sources , such as camera shake , moving objects , and depth variation in a scene , we approximate pixel ←
→ transport - based pattern theory : a signal transformation approach ; in many scientific fields imaging is used to relate a certain physical quantity to other dependent variables . therefore , images can be considered as a map from a real - world coordinate system to the non - negative measurements being acquired . in this work we describe an approach for simultaneous modeling and inference of such data , using the mathematics of optimal transport . to achieve this , we describe a numerical implementation of the linear ←
→ unsupervised image - to - image translation networks ; unsupervised image - to - image translation aims at learning a joint distribution of images in different domains by using images from the marginal distributions in individual domains . since there exists an infinite set of joint distributions that can arrive the given marginal distributions , one could infer nothing about the joint distribution from the marginal distributions without additional assumptions . to address the problem , we make a shared - latent space as ←
→ deepsat - a learning framework for satellite imagery ; satellite image classification is a challenging problem that lies at the crossroads of remote sensing , computer vision , and machine learning . due to the high variability inherent in satellite data , most of the current object classification approaches are not suitable for handling satellite datasets . the progress of satellite image analytics has also been inhibited by the lack of a single labeled high - resolution dataset with multiple class labels . the co ←
→ safe and efficient off - policy reinforcement learning ; in this work , we take a fresh look at some old and new algorithms for off - policy , return - based reinforcement learning . expressing these in a common form , we derive a novel algorithm , retrace ($\ lambda $), with three desired properties : ( 1 ) it has low variance ; ( 2 ) it safely uses samples collected from any behaviour policy , whatever its degree of " off - policyness "; and ( 3 ) it is efficient as it makes the best use of samples collected from near on - policy beh ←
→ efficient learning of generalized linear and single index models with isotonic regression ; generalized linear models ( glms ) and single index models ( sims ) provide powerful generalizations of linear regression , where the target variable is assumed to be a ( possibly unknown ) 1 - dimensional function of a linear predictor . in general , these problems entail non - convex estimation procedures , and , in practice , iterative local search heuristics are often used . kalai and sastry ( 2009 ) recently provided the first p ←
→ spatial semantic scan : jointly detecting subtle events and their spatial footprint ; many methods have been proposed for detecting emerging events in text streams using topic modeling . however , these methods have shortcomings that make them unsuitable for rapid detection of locally emerging events on massive text streams . we describe spatially compact semantic scan ( scss ) that has been developed specifically to overcome the shortcomings of current methods in detecting new spatially compact events in text ←
→ connectivity preserving multivalued functions in digital topology ; we study connectivity preserving multivalued functions between digital images . this notion generalizes that of continuous multivalued functions studied mostly in the setting of the digital plane $ z ^ 2 $. we show that connectivity preserving multivalued functions , like continuous multivalued functions , are appropriate models for digital morpholological operations . connectivity preservation , unlike continuity , is preserved by compositions , and ←
→ convolutional neural networks for sentence classification ; we report on a series of experiments with convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) trained on top of pre - trained word vectors for sentence - level classification tasks . we show that a simple cnn with little hyperparameter tuning and static vectors achieves excellent results on multiple benchmarks . learning task - specific vectors through fine - tuning offers further gains in performance . we additionally propose a simple modification to the architecture to all ←
→ on the foundations of the brussels operational - realistic approach to cognition ; the scientific community is becoming more and more interested in the research that applies the mathematical formalism of quantum theory to model human decision - making . in this paper , we provide the theoretical foundations of the quantum approach to cognition that we developed in brussels . these foundations rest on the results of two decade studies on the axiomatic and operational - realistic approaches to the foundations of qua ←
→ combining supervised and unsupervised learning for gis classification ; this paper presents a new hybrid learning algorithm for unsupervised classification tasks . we combined fuzzy c - means learning algorithm and a supervised version of minimerror to develop a hybrid incremental strategy allowing unsupervised classifications . we applied this new approach to a real - world database in order to know if the information contained in unlabeled features of a geographic information system ( gis ), allows to well classi ←
→ on the internal topological structure of plane regions ; the study of topological information of spatial objects has for a long time been a focus of research in disciplines like computational geometry , spatial reasoning , cognitive science , and robotics . while the majority of these researches emphasised the topological relations between spatial objects , this work studies the internal topological structure of bounded plane regions , which could consist of multiple pieces and / or have holes and islands to any fi ←
→ predicting domain generation algorithms with long short - term memory networks ; various families of malware use domain generation algorithms ( dgas ) to generate a large number of pseudo - random domain names to connect to a command and control ( c & c ) server . in order to block dga c & c traffic , security organizations must first discover the algorithm by reverse engineering malware samples , then generating a list of domains for a given seed . the domains are then either preregistered or published in a dns blacklis ←
→ weighted schatten $ p $- norm minimization for image denoising and background subtraction ; low rank matrix approximation ( lrma ), which aims to recover the underlying low rank matrix from its degraded observation , has a wide range of applications in computer vision . the latest lrma methods resort to using the nuclear norm minimization ( nnm ) as a convex relaxation of the nonconvex rank minimization . however , nnm tends to over - shrink the rank components and treats the different rank components equally , limitin ←
→ resumevis : a visual analytics system to discover semantic information in semi - structured resume data ; massive public resume data emerging on the www indicates individual - related characteristics in terms of profile and career experiences . resume analysis ( ra ) provides opportunities for many applications , such as talent seeking and evaluation . existing ra studies based on statistical analyzing have primarily focused on talent recruitment by identifying explicit attributes . however , they failed to discover ←
→ training triplet networks with gan ; triplet networks are widely used models that are characterized by good performance in classification and retrieval tasks . in this work we propose to train a triplet network by putting it as the discriminator in generative adversarial nets ( gans ). we make use of the good capability of representation learning of the discriminator to increase the predictive quality of the model . we evaluated our approach on cifar10 and mnist datasets and observed significant improvement on ←
→ stdp based pruning of connections and weight quantization in spiking neural networks for energy efficient recognition ; spiking neural networks ( snns ) with a large number of weights and varied weight distribution can be difficult to implement in emerging in - memory computing hardware due to the limitations on crossbar size ( implementing dot product ), the constrained number of conductance levels in non - cmos devices and the power budget . we present a sparse snn topology where non - critical connections are pru ←
→ impact of regularization on spectral clustering ; the performance of spectral clustering can be considerably improved via regularization , as demonstrated empirically in amini et . al ( 2012 ). here , we provide an attempt at quantifying this improvement through theoretical analysis . under the stochastic block model ( sbm ), and its extensions , previous results on spectral clustering relied on the minimum degree of the graph being sufficiently large for its good performance . by examining the scenario where the reg ←
→ improved svrg for non - strongly - convex or sum - of - non - convex objectives ; many classical algorithms are found until several years later to outlive the confines in which they were conceived , and continue to be relevant in unforeseen settings . in this paper , we show that svrg is one such method : being originally designed for strongly convex objectives , it is also very robust in non - strongly convex or sum - of - non - convex settings . more precisely , we provide new analysis to improve the state - of - the - art running ti ←
→ cost sensitive learning of deep feature representations from imbalanced data ; class imbalance is a common problem in the case of real - world object detection and classification tasks . data of some classes is abundant making them an over - represented majority , and data of other classes is scarce , making them an under - represented minority . this imbalance makes it challenging for a classifier to appropriately learn the discriminating boundaries of the majority and minority classes . in this work , we propose a ←
→ radon - nikodym approximation in application to image analysis ; for an image pixel information can be converted to the moments of some basis $ q_k $, e . g . fourier - mellin , zernike , monomials , etc . given sufficient number of moments pixel information can be completely recovered , for insufficient number of moments only partial information can be recovered and the image reconstruction is , at best , of interpolatory type . standard approach is to present interpolated value as a linear combination of basis functions , ←
→ fast cross - validation for incremental learning ; cross - validation ( cv ) is one of the main tools for performance estimation and parameter tuning in machine learning . the general recipe for computing cv estimate is to run a learning algorithm separately for each cv fold , a computationally expensive process . in this paper , we propose a new approach to reduce the computational burden of cv - based performance estimation . as opposed to all previous attempts , which are specific to a particular learning model or pro ←
→ vinet : visual - inertial odometry as a sequence - to - sequence learning problem ; in this paper we present an on - manifold sequence - to - sequence learning approach to motion estimation using visual and inertial sensors . it is to the best of our knowledge the first end - to - end trainable method for visual - inertial odometry which performs fusion of the data at an intermediate feature - representation level . our method has numerous advantages over traditional approaches . specifically , it eliminates the need for tedious ←
→ exact and consistent interpretation for piecewise linear neural networks : a closed form solution ; strong intelligent machines powered by deep neural networks are increasingly deployed as black boxes to make decisions in risk - sensitive domains , such as finance and medical . to reduce potential risk and build trust with users , it is critical to interpret how such machines make their decisions . existing works interpret a pre - trained neural network by analyzing hidden neurons , mimicking pre - trained models or ←
→ visualizing deep neural network decisions : prediction difference analysis ; this article presents the prediction difference analysis method for visualizing the response of a deep neural network to a specific input . when classifying images , the method highlights areas in a given input image that provide evidence for or against a certain class . it overcomes several shortcoming of previous methods and provides great additional insight into the decision making process of classifiers . making neural network dec ←
→ mpiigaze : real - world dataset and deep appearance - based gaze estimation ; learning - based methods are believed to work well for unconstrained gaze estimation , i . e . gaze estimation from a monocular rgb camera without assumptions regarding user , environment , or camera . however , current gaze datasets were collected under laboratory conditions and methods were not evaluated across multiple datasets . our work makes three contributions towards addressing these limitations . first , we present the mpiigaze that contai ←
→ mapping tractography across subjects ; diffusion magnetic resonance imaging ( dmri ) and tractography provide means to study the anatomical structures within the white matter of the brain . when studying tractography data across subjects , it is usually necessary to align , i . e . to register , tractographies together . this registration step is most often performed by applying the transformation resulting from the registration of other volumetric images ( t1 , fa ). in contrast with registration methods that " transfor ←
→ question answering and question generation as dual tasks ; we study the problem of joint question answering ( qa ) and question generation ( qg ) in this paper . our intuition is that qa and qg have intrinsic connections and these two tasks could improve each other . on one side , the qa model judges whether the generated question of a qg model is relevant to the answer . on the other side , the qg model provides the probability of generating a question given the answer , which is a useful evidence that in turn ←
→ classical planning in deep latent space : bridging the subsymbolic - symbolic boundary ; current domain - independent , classical planners require symbolic models of the problem domain and instance as input , resulting in a knowledge acquisition bottleneck . meanwhile , although deep learning has achieved significant success in many fields , the knowledge is encoded in a subsymbolic representation which is incompatible with symbolic systems such as planners . we propose latplan , an unsupervised architecture combinin ←
→ interactive deep colorization with simultaneous global and local inputs ; colorization methods using deep neural networks have become a recent trend . however , most of them do not allow user inputs , or only allow limited user inputs ( only global inputs or only local inputs ), to control the output colorful images . the possible reason is that it ' s difficult to differentiate the influence of different kind of user inputs in network training . to solve this problem , we present a novel deep colorization method , wh ←
→ plan explanations as model reconciliation -- an empirical study ; recent work in explanation generation for decision making agents has looked at how unexplained behavior of autonomous systems can be understood in terms of differences in the model of the system and the human ' s understanding of the same , and how the explanation process as a result of this mismatch can be then seen as a process of reconciliation of these models . existing algorithms in such settings , while having been built on contrastive , sele ←
→ authorship recognition via fluctuation analysis of network topology and word intermittency ; statistical methods have been widely employed in many practical natural language processing applications . more specifically , complex networks concepts and methods from dynamical systems theory have been successfully applied to recognize stylistic patterns in written texts . despite the large amount of studies devoted to represent texts with physical models , only a few studies have assessed the relevance of attribut ←
→ validation , comparison , and combination of algorithms for automatic detection of pulmonary nodules in computed tomography images : the luna16 challenge ; automatic detection of pulmonary nodules in thoracic computed tomography ( ct ) scans has been an active area of research for the last two decades . however , there have only been few studies that provide a comparative performance evaluation of different systems on a common database . we have therefore set up the luna16 challenge , an objective evaluation fra ←
→ max - margin nonparametric latent feature models for link prediction ; we present a max - margin nonparametric latent feature model , which unites the ideas of max - margin learning and bayesian nonparametrics to discover discriminative latent features for link prediction and automatically infer the unknown latent social dimension . by minimizing a hinge - loss using the linear expectation operator , we can perform posterior inference efficiently without dealing with a highly nonlinear link likelihood function ; by usi ←
→ icub world : friendly robots help building good vision data - sets ; in this paper we present and start analyzing the icub world data - set , an object recognition data - set , we acquired using a human - robot interaction ( hri ) scheme and the icub humanoid robot platform . our set up allows for rapid acquisition and annotation of data with corresponding ground truth . while more constrained in its scopes -- the icub world is essentially a robotics research lab -- we demonstrate how the proposed data - set poses challenge ←
→ temporal expression normalisation in natural language texts ; automatic annotation of temporal expressions is a research challenge of great interest in the field of information extraction . in this report , i describe a novel rule - based architecture , built on top of a pre - existing system , which is able to normalise temporal expressions detected in english texts . gold standard temporally - annotated resources are limited in size and this makes research difficult . the proposed system outperforms the state - of - the -←
→ classification accuracy as a proxy for two sample testing ; when data analysts train a classifier and check if its accuracy is significantly different from random guessing , they are implicitly and indirectly performing a hypothesis test ( two sample testing ) and it is of importance to ask whether this indirect method for testing is statistically optimal or not . given that hypothesis tests attempt to maximize statistical power subject to a bound on the allowable false positive rate , while prediction attempts ←
→ assessing the stylistic properties of neurally generated text in authorship attribution ; recent applications of neural language models have led to an increased interest in the automatic generation of natural language . however impressive , the evaluation of neurally generated text has so far remained rather informal and anecdotal . here , we present an attempt at the systematic assessment of one aspect of the quality of neurally generated text . we focus on a specific aspect of neural language generation : its ←
→ alternating optimization method based on nonnegative matrix factorizations for deep neural networks ; the backpropagation algorithm for calculating gradients has been widely used in computation of weights for deep neural networks ( dnns ). this method requires derivatives of objective functions and has some difficulties finding appropriate parameters such as learning rate . in this paper , we propose a novel approach for computing weight matrices of fully - connected dnns by using two types of semi - nonnegative ←
→ using llvm - based jit compilation in genetic programming ; the paper describes an approach to implementing genetic programming , which uses the llvm library to just - in - time compile / interpret the evolved abstract syntax trees . the solution is described in some detail , including a parser ( based on flexc ++ and bisonc ++) that can construct the trees from a simple toy language with c - like syntax . the approach is compared with a previous implementation ( based on direct execution of trees using polymorphic functors )←
→ modeling the dynamics of online learning activity ; people are increasingly relying on the web and social media to find solutions to their problems in a wide range of domains . in this online setting , closely related problems often lead to the same characteristic learning pattern , in which people sharing these problems visit related pieces of information , perform almost identical queries or , more generally , take a series of similar actions . in this paper , we introduce a novel modeling framework for clusterin ←
→ identifying interaction sites in " recalcitrant " proteins : predicted protein and rna binding sites in rev proteins of hiv - 1 and eiav agree with experimental data ; protein - protein and protein nucleic acid interactions are vitally important for a wide range of biological processes , including regulation of gene expression , protein synthesis , and replication and assembly of many viruses . we have developed machine learning approaches for predicting which amino acids of a protein participate in its interactio ←
→ predicting conditional quantiles via reduction to classification ; we show how to reduce the process of predicting general order statistics ( and the median in particular ) to solving classification . the accompanying theoretical statement shows that the regret of the classifier bounds the regret of the quantile regression under a quantile loss . we also test this reduction empirically against existing quantile regression methods on large real - world datasets and discover that it provides state - of - the - art perfor ←
→ writing reusable digital geometry algorithms in a generic image processing framework ; digital geometry software should reflect the generality of the underlying mathe - matics : mapping the latter to the former requires genericity . by designing generic solutions , one can effectively reuse digital geometry data structures and algorithms . we propose an image processing framework focused on the generic programming paradigm in which an algorithm on the paper can be turned into a single code , written once and us ←
→ tracking motion and proxemics using thermal - sensor array ; indoor tracking has all - pervasive applications beyond mere surveillance , for example in education , health monitoring , marketing , energy management and so on . image and video based tracking systems are intrusive . thermal array sensors on the other hand can provide coarse - grained tracking while preserving privacy of the subjects . the goal of the project is to facilitate motion detection and group proxemics modeling using an 8 x 8 infrared sensor array ←
→ meaningful objects segmentation from sar images via a multi - scale non - local active contour model ; the segmentation of synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) images is a longstanding yet challenging task , not only because of the presence of speckle , but also due to the variations of surface backscattering properties in the images . tremendous investigations have been made to eliminate the speckle effects for the segmentation of sar images , while few work devotes to dealing with the variations of backscattering coe ←
→ online compact convexified factorization machine ; factorization machine ( fm ) is a supervised learning approach with a powerful capability of feature engineering . it yields state - of - the - art performance in various batch learning tasks where all the training data is made available prior to the training . however , in real - world applications where the data arrives sequentially in a streaming manner , the high cost of re - training with batch learning algorithms has posed formidable challenges in the online learning ←
→ music and vocal separation using multi - band modulation based features ; the potential use of non - linear speech features has not been investigated for music analysis although other commonly used speech features like mel frequency ceptral coefficients ( mfcc ) and pitch have been used extensively . in this paper , we assume an audio signal to be a sum of modulated sinusoidal and then use the energy separation algorithm to decompose the audio into amplitude and frequency modulation components using the non - linear ←
→ dote : dual convolutional filter learning for super - resolution and cross - modality synthesis in mri ; cross - modal image synthesis is a topical problem in medical image computing . existing methods for image synthesis are either tailored to a specific application , require large scale training sets , or are based on partitioning images into overlapping patches . in this paper , we propose a novel dual convolutional filter learning ( dote ) approach to overcome the drawbacks of these approaches . we construct a close ←
→ multi - task video captioning with video and entailment generation ; video captioning , the task of describing the content of a video , has seen some promising improvements in recent years with sequence - to - sequence models , but accurately learning the temporal and logical dynamics involved in the task still remains a challenge , especially given the lack of sufficient annotated data . we improve video captioning by sharing knowledge with two related directed - generation tasks : a temporally - directed unsupervised vid ←
→ safe medicine recommendation via medical knowledge graph embedding ; most of the existing medicine recommendation systems that are mainly based on electronic medical records ( emrs ) are significantly assisting doctors to make better clinical decisions benefiting both patients and caregivers . even though the growth of emrs is at a lighting fast speed in the era of big data , content limitations in emrs restrain the existed recommendation systems to reflect relevant medical facts , such as drug - drug interactions ←
→ simplified firefly algorithm for 2d image key - points search ; in order to identify an object , human eyes firstly search the field of view for points or areas which have particular properties . these properties are used to recognise an image or an object . then this process could be taken as a model to develop computer algorithms for images identification . this paper proposes the idea of applying the simplified firefly algorithm to search for key - areas in 2d images . for a set of input test images the proposed ←
→ mlrmbo : a modular framework for model - based optimization of expensive black - box functions ; we present mlrmbo , a flexible and comprehensive r toolbox for model - based optimization ( mbo ), also known as bayesian optimization , which addresses the problem of expensive black - box optimization by approximating the given objective function through a surrogate regression model . it is designed for both single - and multi - objective optimization with mixed continuous , categorical and conditional parameters . additional ←
→ platemo : a matlab platform for evolutionary multi - objective optimization ; over the last three decades , a large number of evolutionary algorithms have been developed for solving multiobjective optimization problems . however , there lacks an up - to - date and comprehensive software platform for researchers to properly benchmark existing algorithms and for practitioners to apply selected algorithms to solve their real - world problems . the demand of such a common tool becomes even more urgent , when the source code ←
→ mining worse and better opinions . unsupervised and agnostic aggregation of online reviews ; in this paper , we propose a novel approach for aggregating online reviews , according to the opinions they express . our methodology is unsupervised - due to the fact that it does not rely on pre - labeled reviews - and it is agnostic - since it does not make any assumption about the domain or the language of the review content . we measure the adherence of a review content to the domain terminology extracted from a rev ←
→ unified vector space mapping for knowledge representation systems ; one of the most significant problems which inhibits further developments in the areas of knowledge representation and artificial intelligence is a problem of semantic alignment or knowledge mapping . the progress in its solution will be greatly beneficial for further advances of information retrieval , ontology alignment , relevance calculation , text mining , natural language processing etc . in the paper the concept of multidimensional global k ←
→ partial sum minimization of singular values in robust pca : algorithm and applications ; robust principal component analysis ( rpca ) via rank minimization is a powerful tool for recovering underlying low - rank structure of clean data corrupted with sparse noise / outliers . in many low - level vision problems , not only it is known that the underlying structure of clean data is low - rank , but the exact rank of clean data is also known . yet , when applying conventional rank minimization for those problems , the object ←
→ quantum structure in cognition and the foundations of human reasoning ; traditional cognitive science rests on a foundation of classical logic and probability theory . this foundation has been seriously challenged by several findings in experimental psychology on human decision making . meanwhile , the formalism of quantum theory has provided an efficient resource for modeling these classically problematical situations . in this paper , we start from our successful quantum - theoretic approach to the modeling of c ←
→ a combinatorial algorithm to compute regularization paths ; for a wide variety of regularization methods , algorithms computing the entire solution path have been developed recently . solution path algorithms do not only compute the solution for one particular value of the regularization parameter but the entire path of solutions , making the selection of an optimal parameter much easier . most of the currently used algorithms are not robust in the sense that they cannot deal with general or degenerate input . h ←
→ conservativeness of untied auto - encoders ; we discuss necessary and sufficient conditions for an auto - encoder to define a conservative vector field , in which case it is associated with an energy function akin to the unnormalized log - probability of the data . we show that the conditions for conservativeness are more general than for encoder and decoder weights to be the same (" tied weights "), and that they also depend on the form of the hidden unit activation function , but that contractive training criteria , ←
→ multi - step reinforcement learning : a unifying algorithm ; unifying seemingly disparate algorithmic ideas to produce better performing algorithms has been a longstanding goal in reinforcement learning . as a primary example , td ($\ lambda $) elegantly unifies one - step td prediction with monte carlo methods through the use of eligibility traces and the trace - decay parameter $\ lambda $. currently , there are a multitude of algorithms that can be used to perform td control , including sarsa , $ q $- learning , and expected ←
→" maximizing rigidity " revisited : a convex programming approach for generic 3d shape reconstruction from multiple perspective views ; rigid structure - from - motion ( rsfm ) and non - rigid structure - from - motion ( nrsfm ) have long been treated in the literature as separate ( different ) problems . inspired by a previous work which solved directly for 3d scene structure by factoring the relative camera poses out , we revisit the principle of " maximizing rigidity " in structure - from - motion literature , and develop a unifi ←
→ graph - based classification of multiple observation sets ; we consider the problem of classification of an object given multiple observations that possibly include different transformations . the possible transformations of the object generally span a low - dimensional manifold in the original signal space . we propose to take advantage of this manifold structure for the effective classification of the object represented by the observation set . in particular , we design a low complexity solution that is able to e ←
→ vision - based road detection in automotive systems : a real - time expectation - driven approach ; the main aim of this work is the development of a vision - based road detection system fast enough to cope with the difficult real - time constraints imposed by moving vehicle applications . the hardware platform , a special - purpose massively parallel system , has been chosen to minimize system production and operational costs . this paper presents a novel approach to expectation - driven low - level image segmentation , which ←
→ combining lstm and latent topic modeling for mortality prediction ; there is a great need for technologies that can predict the mortality of patients in intensive care units with both high accuracy and accountability . we present joint end - to - end neural network architectures that combine long short - term memory ( lstm ) and a latent topic model to simultaneously train a classifier for mortality prediction and learn latent topics indicative of mortality from textual clinical notes . for topic interpretability , th ←
→ adaptation knowledge discovery from a case base ; in case - based reasoning , the adaptation step depends in general on domain - dependent knowledge , which motivates studies on adaptation knowledge acquisition ( aka ). cabamaka is an aka system based on principles of knowledge discovery from databases . this system explores the variations within the case base to elicit adaptation knowledge . it has been successfully tested in an application of case - based decision support to breast cancer treatment .←
→ suspicious object recognition method in video stream based on visual attention ; we propose a state of the art method for intelligent object recognition and video surveillance based on human visual attention . bottom up and top down attention are applied respectively in the process of acquiring interested object ( saliency map ) and object recognition . the revision of 4 channel pft method is proposed for bottom up attention and enhances the speed and accuracy . inhibit of return ( ior ) is applied in judging the ←
→ sparse reward processes ; we introduce a class of learning problems where the agent is presented with a series of tasks . intuitively , if there is relation among those tasks , then the information gained during execution of one task has value for the execution of another task . consequently , the agent is intrinsically motivated to explore its environment beyond the degree necessary to solve the current task it has at hand . we develop a decision theoretic setting that generalises standard reinforcement learning ←
→ fast color transfer from multiple images ; color transfer between images uses the statistics information of image effectively . we present a novel approach of local color transfer between images based on the simple statistics and locally linear embedding . a sketching interface is proposed for quickly and easily specifying the color correspondences between target and source image . the user can specify the correspondences of local region using scribes , which more accurately transfers the target color to the so ←
→ joint training for neural machine translation models with monolingual data ; monolingual data have been demonstrated to be helpful in improving translation quality of both statistical machine translation ( smt ) systems and neural machine translation ( nmt ) systems , especially in resource - poor or domain adaptation tasks where parallel data are not rich enough . in this paper , we propose a novel approach to better leveraging monolingual data for neural machine translation by jointly learning source - to - target a ←
→ a novel approach for stable selection of informative redundant features from high dimensional fmri data ; feature selection is among the most important components because it not only helps enhance the classification accuracy , but also or even more important provides potential biomarker discovery . however , traditional multivariate methods is likely to obtain unstable and unreliable results in case of an extremely high dimensional feature space and very limited training samples , where the features are often ←
→ image segmentation to distinguish between overlapping human chromosomes ; in medicine , visualizing chromosomes is important for medical diagnostics , drug development , and biomedical research . unfortunately , chromosomes often overlap and it is necessary to identify and distinguish between the overlapping chromosomes . a segmentation solution that is fast and automated will enable scaling of cost effective medicine and biomedical research . we apply neural network - based image segmentation to the problem of dist ←
→ characterization of lung nodule malignancy using hybrid shape and appearance features ; computed tomography imaging is a standard modality for detecting and assessing lung cancer . in order to evaluate the malignancy of lung nodules , clinical practice often involves expert qualitative ratings on several criteria describing a nodule ' s appearance and shape . translating these features for computer - aided diagnostics is challenging due to their subjective nature and the difficulties in gaining a complete descri ←
→ rotational unit of memory ; the concepts of unitary evolution matrices and associative memory have boosted the field of recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) to state - of - the - art performance in a variety of sequential tasks . however , rnn still have a limited capacity to manipulate long - term memory . to bypass this weakness the most successful applications of rnn use external techniques such as attention mechanisms . in this paper we propose a novel rnn model that unifies the state - of - the - art approaches : rotational u ←
→ n - gram : new groningen author - profiling model ; we describe our participation in the pan 2017 shared task on author profiling , identifying authors ' gender and language variety for english , spanish , arabic and portuguese . we describe both the final , submitted system , and a series of negative results . our aim was to create a single model for both gender and language , and for all language varieties . our best - performing system ( on cross - validated results ) is a linear support vector machine ( svm ) with word unigra ←
→ content based image retrieval ( cbir ) in remote clinical diagnosis and healthcare ; content - based image retrieval ( cbir ) locates , retrieves and displays images alike to one given as a query , using a set of features . it demands accessible data in medical archives and from medical equipment , to infer meaning after some processing . a problem similar in some sense to the target image can aid clinicians . cbir complements text - based retrieval and improves evidence - based diagnosis , administration , teaching , and r ←
→ structured bayesian pruning via log - normal multiplicative noise ; dropout - based regularization methods can be regarded as injecting random noise with pre - defined magnitude to different parts of the neural network during training . it was recently shown that bayesian dropout procedure not only improves generalization but also leads to extremely sparse neural architectures by automatically setting the individual noise magnitude per weight . however , this sparsity can hardly be used for acceleration since it is ←
→ a study of sindhi related and arabic script adapted languages recognition ; a large number of publications are available for the optical character recognition ( ocr ). significant researches , as well as articles are present for the latin , chinese and japanese scripts . arabic script is also one of mature script from ocr perspective . the adaptive languages which share arabic script or its extended characters ; still lacking the ocrs for their language . in this paper we present the efforts of researchers on ara ←
→ dynamics based 3d skeletal hand tracking ; tracking the full skeletal pose of the hands and fingers is a challenging problem that has a plethora of applications for user interaction . existing techniques either require wearable hardware , add restrictions to user pose , or require significant computation resources . this research explores a new approach to tracking hands , or any articulated model , by using an augmented rigid body simulation . this allows us to phrase 3d object tracking as a linear complementarit ←
→ homotopy based algorithms for $\ ell_0 $- regularized least - squares ; sparse signal restoration is usually formulated as the minimization of a quadratic cost function $\| y - ax \| _2 ^ 2 $, where a is a dictionary and x is an unknown sparse vector . it is well - known that imposing an $\ ell_0 $ constraint leads to an np - hard minimization problem . the convex relaxation approach has received considerable attention , where the $\ ell_0 $- norm is replaced by the $\ ell_1 $- norm . among the many efficient $\ ell_1 $ solvers , the homo ←
→ neural granger causality for nonlinear time series ; while most classical approaches to granger causality detection assume linear dynamics , many interactions in applied domains , like neuroscience and genomics , are inherently nonlinear . in these cases , using linear models may lead to inconsistent estimation of granger causal interactions . we propose a class of nonlinear methods by applying structured multilayer perceptrons ( mlps ) or recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) combined with sparsity - inducing penalties o ←
→ translating and segmenting multimodal medical volumes with cycle - and shape - consistency generative adversarial network ; synthesized medical images have several important applications , e . g ., as an intermedium in cross - modality image registration and as supplementary training samples to boost the generalization capability of a classifier . especially , synthesized computed tomography ( ct ) data can provide x - ray attenuation map for radiation therapy planning . in this work , we propose a generic cross - modality ←
→ a compact formula for the derivative of a 3 - d rotation in exponential coordinates ; we present a compact formula for the derivative of a 3 - d rotation matrix with respect to its exponential coordinates . a geometric interpretation of the resulting expression is provided , as well as its agreement with other less - compact but better - known formulas . to the best of our knowledge , this simpler formula does not appear anywhere in the literature . we hope by providing this more compact expression to alleviate the co ←
→ the optimality of satisficing solutions ; this paper addresses a prevailing assumption in single - agent heuristic search theory - that problem - solving algorithms should guarantee shortest - path solutions , which are typically called optimal . optimality implies a metric for judging solution quality , where the optimal solution is the solution with the highest quality . when path - length is the metric , we will distinguish such solutions as p - optimal .←
→ deterministic conditions for subspace identifiability from incomplete sampling ; consider a generic $ r $- dimensional subspace of $\ mathbb { r }^ d $, $ r < d $, and suppose that we are only given projections of this subspace onto small subsets of the canonical coordinates . the paper establishes necessary and sufficient deterministic conditions on the subsets for subspace identifiability .←
→ using apache lucene to search vector of locally aggregated descriptors ; surrogate text representation ( str ) is a profitable solution to efficient similarity search on metric space using conventional text search engines , such as apache lucene . this technique is based on comparing the permutations of some reference objects in place of the original metric distance . however , the achilles heel of str approach is the need to reorder the result set of the search according to the metric distance . this forces to us ←
→ learning opening books in partially observable games : using random seeds in phantom go ; many artificial intelligences ( ais ) are randomized . one can be lucky or unlucky with the random seed ; we quantify this effect and show that , maybe contrarily to intuition , this is far from being negligible . then , we apply two different existing algorithms for selecting good seeds and good probability distributions over seeds . this mainly leads to learning an opening book . we apply this to phantom go , which , as all pha ←
→ comparing deep neural networks against humans : object recognition when the signal gets weaker ; human visual object recognition is typically rapid and seemingly effortless , as well as largely independent of viewpoint and object orientation . until very recently , animate visual systems were the only ones capable of this remarkable computational feat . this has changed with the rise of a class of computer vision algorithms called deep neural networks ( dnns ) that achieve human - level classification performance ←
→ automatic detection and decoding of honey bee waggle dances ; the waggle dance is one of the most popular examples of animal communication . forager bees direct their nestmates to profitable resources via a complex motor display . essentially , the dance encodes the polar coordinates to the resource in the field . unemployed foragers follow the dancer ' s movements and then search for the advertised spots in the field . throughout the last decades , biologists have employed different techniques to measure key chara ←
→ deep hashing with triplet quantization loss ; with the explosive growth of image databases , deep hashing , which learns compact binary descriptors for images , has become critical for fast image retrieval . many existing deep hashing methods leverage quantization loss , defined as distance between the features before and after quantization , to reduce the error from binarizing features . while minimizing the quantization loss guarantees that quantization has minimal effect on retrieval accuracy , it unfortunately ←
→ robust training on approximated minimal - entropy set ; in this paper , we propose a general framework to learn a robust large - margin binary classifier when corrupt measurements , called anomalies , caused by sensor failure might be present in the training set . the goal is to minimize the generalization error of the classifier on non - corrupted measurements while controlling the false alarm rate associated with anomalous samples . by incorporating a non - parametric regularizer based on an empirical entropy estimato ←
→ narrow artificial intelligence with machine learning for real - time estimation of a mobile agents location using hidden markov models ; we propose to use a supervised machine learning technique to track the location of a mobile agent in real time . hidden markov models are used to build artificial intelligence that estimates the unknown position of a mobile target moving in a defined environment . this narrow artificial intelligence performs two distinct tasks . first , it provides real - time estimation of the ←
→ the effect of biased communications on both trusting and suspicious voters ; in recent studies of political decision - making , apparently anomalous behavior has been observed on the part of voters , in which negative information about a candidate strengthens , rather than weakens , a prior positive opinion about the candidate . this behavior appears to run counter to rational models of decision making , and it is sometimes interpreted as evidence of non - rational " motivated reasoning ". we consider scenarios in wh ←
→ online learning of rested and restless bandits ; in this paper we study the online learning problem involving rested and restless multiarmed bandits with multiple plays . the system consists of a single player / user and a set of k finite - state discrete - time markov chains ( arms ) with unknown state spaces and statistics . at each time step the player can play m arms . the objective of the user is to decide for each step which m of the k arms to play over a sequence of trials so as to maximize its long term reward ←
→ scale - invariant feature extraction of neural network and renormalization group flow ; theoretical understanding of how deep neural network ( dnn ) extracts features from input images is still unclear , but it is widely believed that the extraction is performed hierarchically through a process of coarse - graining . it reminds us of the basic concept of renormalization group ( rg ) in statistical physics . in order to explore possible relations between dnn and rg , we use the restricted boltzmann machine ( rbm ) appli ←
→ identification of arabic word from bilingual text using character features ; the identification of the language of the script is an important stage in the process of recognition of the writing . there are several works in this research area , which treat various languages . most of the used methods are global or statistical . in this present paper , we study the possibility of using the features of scripts to identify the language . the identification of the language of the script by characteristics returns the ←
→ automated image processing for the analysis of dna repair dynamics ; the efficient repair of cellular dna is essential for the maintenance and inheritance of genomic information . in order to cope with the high frequency of spontaneous and induced dna damage , a multitude of repair mechanisms have evolved . these are enabled by a wide range of protein factors specifically recognizing different types of lesions and finally restoring the normal dna sequence . this work focuses on the repair factor xpc ( xeroderma ←
→ region ensemble network : improving convolutional network for hand pose estimation ; hand pose estimation from monocular depth images is an important and challenging problem for human - computer interaction . recently deep convolutional networks ( convnet ) with sophisticated design have been employed to address it , but the improvement over traditional methods is not so apparent . to promote the performance of directly 3d coordinate regression , we propose a tree - structured region ensemble network ( ren ), which pa ←
→ facial gesture recognition using correlation and mahalanobis distance ; augmenting human computer interaction with automated analysis and synthesis of facial expressions is a goal towards which much research effort has been devoted recently . facial gesture recognition is one of the important component of natural human - machine interfaces ; it may also be used in behavioural science , security systems and in clinical practice . although humans recognise facial expressions virtually without effort or delay , relia ←
→ stabilizing linear prediction models using autoencoder ; to date , the instability of prognostic predictors in a sparse high dimensional model , which hinders their clinical adoption , has received little attention . stable prediction is often overlooked in favour of performance . yet , stability prevails as key when adopting models in critical areas as healthcare . our study proposes a stabilization scheme by detecting higher order feature correlations . using a linear model as basis for prediction , we achieve fea ←
→ two algorithms for finding $ k $ shortest paths of a weighted pushdown automaton ; we introduce efficient algorithms for finding the $ k $ shortest paths of a weighted pushdown automaton ( wpda ), a compact representation of a weighted set of strings with potential applications in parsing and machine translation . both of our algorithms are derived from the same weighted deductive logic description of the execution of a wpda using different search strategies . experimental results show our algorithm 2 adds very l ←
→ efficient asymmetric co - tracking using uncertainty sampling ; adaptive tracking - by - detection approaches are popular for tracking arbitrary objects . they treat the tracking problem as a classification task and use online learning techniques to update the object model . however , these approaches are heavily invested in the efficiency and effectiveness of their detectors . evaluating a massive number of samples for each frame ( e . g ., obtained by a sliding window ) forces the detector to trade the accuracy in favor ←
→ a hybrid model for enhancing lexical statistical machine translation ( smt ) ; the interest in statistical machine translation systems increases currently due to political and social events in the world . a proposed statistical machine translation ( smt ) based model that can be used to translate a sentence from the source language ( english ) to the target language ( arabic ) automatically through efficiently incorporating different statistical and natural language processing ( nlp ) models such as language model , ←
→ challenging language - dependent segmentation for arabic : an application to machine translation and part - of - speech tagging ; word segmentation plays a pivotal role in improving any arabic nlp application . therefore , a lot of research has been spent in improving its accuracy . off - the - shelf tools , however , are : i ) complicated to use and ii ) domain / dialect dependent . we explore three language - independent alternatives to morphological segmentation using : i ) data - driven sub - word units , ii ) characters as a unit o ←
→ batch policy gradient methods for improving neural conversation models ; we study reinforcement learning of chatbots with recurrent neural network architectures when the rewards are noisy and expensive to obtain . for instance , a chatbot used in automated customer service support can be scored by quality assurance agents , but this process can be expensive , time consuming and noisy . previous reinforcement learning work for natural language processing uses on - policy updates and / or is designed for on - line learn ←
→ geometry - contrastive generative adversarial network for facial expression synthesis ; in this paper , we propose a geometry - contrastive generative adversarial network gc - gan for generating facial expression images conditioned on geometry information . specifically , given an input face and a target expression designated by a set of facial landmarks , an identity - preserving face can be generated guided by the target expression . in order to embed facial geometry onto a semantic manifold , we incorporate contrast ←
→ a constraint - driven system for contract assembly ; we present an approach for modelling the structure and coarse content of legal documents with a view to providing automated support for the drafting of contracts and contract database retrieval . the approach is designed to be applicable where contract drafting is based on model - form contracts or on existing examples of a similar type . the main features of the approach are : ( 1 ) the representation addresses the structure and the interrelationships between the ←
→ a comparative study of root - based and stem - based approaches for measuring the similarity between arabic words for arabic text mining applications ; representation of semantic information contained in the words is needed for any arabic text mining applications . more precisely , the purpose is to better take into account the semantic dependencies between words expressed by the co - occurrence frequencies of these words . there have been many proposals to compute similarities between words based on their distr ←
→ reply to garcia et al .: common mistakes in measuring frequency dependent word characteristics ; we demonstrate that the concerns expressed by garcia et al . are misplaced , due to ( 1 ) a misreading of our findings in [ 1 ]; ( 2 ) a widespread failure to examine and present words in support of asserted summary quantities based on word usage frequencies ; and ( 3 ) a range of misconceptions about word usage frequency , word rank , and expert - constructed word lists . in particular , we show that the english component of o ←
→ linear convergence of sdca in statistical estimation ; in this paper , we consider stochastic dual coordinate ( sdca ) {\ em without } strongly convex assumption or convex assumption . we show that sdca converges linearly under mild conditions termed restricted strong convexity . this covers a wide array of popular statistical models including lasso , group lasso , and logistic regression with $\ ell_1 $ regularization , corrected lasso and linear regression with scad regularizer . this significantly improves previous c ←
→ achieving all with no parameters : adaptive normalhedge ; we study the classic online learning problem of predicting with expert advice , and propose a truly parameter - free and adaptive algorithm that achieves several objectives simultaneously without using any prior information . the main component of this work is an improved version of the normalhedge . dt algorithm ( luo and schapire , 2014 ), called adanormalhedge . on one hand , this new algorithm ensures small regret when the competitor has small loss and almos ←
→ efficient constraint propagation engines ; this paper presents a model and implementation techniques for speeding up constraint propagation . three fundamental approaches to improving constraint propagation based on propagators as implementations of constraints are explored : keeping track of which propagators are at fixpoint , choosing which propagator to apply next , and how to combine several propagators for the same constraint . we show how idempotence reasoning and events help track fixpoints more accuratel ←
→ load balanced gans for multi - view face image synthesis ; multi - view face synthesis from a single image is an ill - posed problem and often suffers from serious appearance distortion . producing photo - realistic and identity preserving multi - view results is still a not well defined synthesis problem . this paper proposes load balanced generative adversarial networks ( lb - gan ) to precisely rotate the yaw angle of an input face image to any specified angle . lb - gan decomposes the challenging synthesis problem into tw ←
→ a novel approach to develop a new hybrid technique for trademark image retrieval ; trademark image retrieval is playing a vital role as a part of cbir system . trademark is of great significance because it carries the status value of any company . to retrieve such a fake or copied trademark we design a retrieval system which is based on hybrid techniques . it contains a mixture of two different feature vector which combined together to give a suitable retrieval system . in the proposed system we extract the c ←
→ regularization approaches for support vector machines with applications to biomedical data ; the support vector machine ( svm ) is a widely used machine learning tool for classification based on statistical learning theory . given a set of training data , the svm finds a hyperplane that separates two different classes of data points by the largest distance . while the standard form of svm uses l2 - norm regularization , other regularization approaches are particularly attractive for biomedical datasets where , for ←
→ machine learning for indoor localization using mobile phone - based sensors ; in this paper we investigate the problem of localizing a mobile device based on readings from its embedded sensors utilizing machine learning methodologies . we consider a real - world environment , collect a large dataset of 3110 datapoints , and examine the performance of a substantial number of machine learning algorithms in localizing a mobile device . we have found algorithms that give a mean error as accurate as 0 . 76 meters , outpe ←
→ asymptotically independent markov sampling : a new mcmc scheme for bayesian inference ; in bayesian statistics , many problems can be expressed as the evaluation of the expectation of a quantity of interest with respect to the posterior distribution . standard monte carlo method is often not applicable because the encountered posterior distributions cannot be sampled directly . in this case , the most popular strategies are the importance sampling method , markov chain monte carlo , and annealing . in this paper ,←
→ stereo on a budget ; we propose an algorithm for recovering depth using less than two images . instead of having both cameras send their entire image to the host computer , the left camera sends its image to the host while the right camera sends only a fraction $\ epsilon $ of its image . the key aspect is that the cameras send the information without communicating at all . hence , the required communication bandwidth is significantly reduced . while standard image compression techniques can reduce the communicat ←
→ c3 : lightweight incrementalized mcmc for probabilistic programs using continuations and callsite caching ; lightweight , source - to - source transformation approaches to implementing mcmc for probabilistic programming languages are popular for their simplicity , support of existing deterministic code , and ability to execute on existing fast runtimes . however , they are also slow , requiring a complete re - execution of the program on every metropolis hastings proposal . we present a new extension to the lightweight ←
→ fine - grained entity type classification by jointly learning representations and label embeddings ; fine - grained entity type classification ( fetc ) is the task of classifying an entity mention to a broad set of types . distant supervision paradigm is extensively used to generate training data for this task . however , generated training data assigns same set of labels to every mention of an entity without considering its local context . existing fetc systems have two major drawbacks : assuming training data to b ←
→ modular traffic sign recognition applied to on - vehicle real - time visual detection of american and european speed limit signs ; we present a new modular traffic signs recognition system , successfully applied to both american and european speed limit signs . our sign detection step is based only on shape - detection ( rectangles or circles ). this enables it to work on grayscale images , contrary to most european competitors , which eases robustness to illumination conditions ( notably night operation ). speed sign ←
→ a pose - sensitive embedding for person re - identification with expanded cross neighborhood re - ranking ; person re identification is a challenging retrieval task that requires matching a person ' s acquired image across non overlapping camera views . in this paper we propose an effective approach that incorporates both the fine and coarse pose information of the person to learn a discriminative embedding . in contrast to the recent direction of explicitly modeling body parts or correcting for misalignment based ←
→ the mc2 project [ machines of collective conscience ]: a possible walk , up to life - like complexity and behaviour , from bottom , basic and simple bio - inspired heuristics - a walk , up into the morphogenesis of information ; synergy ( from the greek word synergos ), broadly defined , refers to combined or co - operative effects produced by two or more elements ( parts or individuals ). the definition is often associated with the holistic conviction quote that " the whole is greater than the sum of its parts " ( aristot ←
→ super - resolution off the grid ; super - resolution is the problem of recovering a superposition of point sources using bandlimited measurements , which may be corrupted with noise . this signal processing problem arises in numerous imaging problems , ranging from astronomy to biology to spectroscopy , where it is common to take ( coarse ) fourier measurements of an object . of particular interest is in obtaining estimation procedures which are robust to noise , with the following desirable statistical and computation ←
→ a multiagent urban traffic simulation part i : dealing with the ordinary ; we describe in this article a multiagent urban traffic simulation , as we believe individual - based modeling is necessary to encompass the complex influence the actions of an individual vehicle can have on the overall flow of vehicles . we first describe how we build a graph description of the network from purely geometric data , esri shapefiles . we then explain how we include traffic related data to this graph . we go on after that with t ←
→ analytic solution of a model of language competition with bilingualism and interlinguistic similarity ; an in - depth analytic study of a model of language dynamics is presented : a model which tackles the problem of the coexistence of two languages within a closed community of speakers taking into account bilingualism and incorporating a parameter to measure the distance between languages . after previous numerical simulations , the model yielded that coexistence might lead to survival of both languages withi ←
→ the tum lapchole dataset for the m2cai 2016 workflow challenge ; in this technical report we present our collected dataset of laparoscopic cholecystectomies ( lapchole ). laparoscopic videos of a total of 20 surgeries were recorded and annotated with surgical phase labels , of which 15 were randomly pre - determined as training data , while the remaining 5 videos are selected as test data . this dataset was later included as part of the m2cai 2016 workflow detection challenge during miccai 2016 in athens .←
→ augmenting bag - of - words : data - driven discovery of temporal and structural information for activity recognition ; we present data - driven techniques to augment bag of words ( bow ) models , which allow for more robust modeling and recognition of complex long - term activities , especially when the structure and topology of the activities are not known a priori . our approach specifically addresses the limitations of standard bow approaches , which fail to represent the underlying temporal and causal information tha ←
→ structured learning and detailed interpretation of minimal object images ; we model the process of human full interpretation of object images , namely the ability to identify and localize all semantic features and parts that are recognized by human observers . the task is approached by dividing the interpretation of the complete object to the interpretation of multiple reduced but interpretable local regions . we model interpretation by a structured learning framework , in which there are primitive components a ←
→ words are not equal : graded weighting model for building composite document vectors ; despite the success of distributional semantics , composing phrases from word vectors remains an important challenge . several methods have been tried for benchmark tasks such as sentiment classification , including word vector averaging , matrix - vector approaches based on parsing , and on - the - fly learning of paragraph vectors . most models usually omit stop words from the composition . instead of such an yes - no decision , we co ←
→ enhanced experience replay generation for efficient reinforcement learning ; applying deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) on real systems suffers from slow data sampling . we propose an enhanced generative adversarial network ( egan ) to initialize an rl agent in order to achieve faster learning . the egan utilizes the relation between states and actions to enhance the quality of data samples generated by a gan . pre - training the agent with the egan shows a steeper learning curve with a 20 % improvement of trainin ←
→ a lightweight front - end tool for interactive entity population ; entity population , a task of collecting entities that belong to a particular category , has attracted attention from vertical domains . there is still a high demand for creating entity dictionaries in vertical domains , which are not covered by existing knowledge bases . we develop a lightweight front - end tool for facilitating interactive entity population . we implement key components necessary for effective interactive entity population : 1 ) gui - b ←
→ what ' s in a patch , ii : visualizing generic surfaces ; we continue the development of a linear algebraic framework for the shape - from - shading problem , exploiting the manner in which tensors arise when scalar ( e . g . image ) and vector ( e . g . surface normal ) fields are differentiated multiple times . in this paper we apply that framework to develop taylor expansions of the normal field and build a boot - strapping algorithm to find these polynomial surface solutions ( under any light source ) consistent with a given p ←
→ a new approach to automated epileptic diagnosis using eeg and probabilistic neural network ; epilepsy is one of the most common neurological disorders that greatly impair patient ' daily lives . traditional epileptic diagnosis relies on tedious visual screening by neurologists from lengthy eeg recording that requires the presence of seizure ( ictal ) activities . nowadays , there are many systems helping the neurologists to quickly find interesting segments of the lengthy signal by automatic seizure detection . ←
→ sada : a general framework to support robust causation discovery with theoretical guarantee ; causation discovery without manipulation is considered a crucial problem to a variety of applications . the state - of - the - art solutions are applicable only when large numbers of samples are available or the problem domain is sufficiently small . motivated by the observations of the local sparsity properties on causal structures , we propose a general split - and - merge framework , named sada , to enhance the scalability of ←
→ learning to represent haptic feedback for partially - observable tasks ; the sense of touch , being the earliest sensory system to develop in a human body [ 1 ], plays a critical part of our daily interaction with the environment . in order to successfully complete a task , many manipulation interactions require incorporating haptic feedback . however , manually designing a feedback mechanism can be extremely challenging . in this work , we consider manipulation tasks that need to incorporate tactile sensor feedback i ←
→ machine learning methods to analyze arabidopsis thaliana plant root growth ; one of the challenging problems in biology is to classify plants based on their reaction on genetic mutation . arabidopsis thaliana is a plant that is so interesting , because its genetic structure has some similarities with that of human beings . biologists classify the type of this plant to mutated and not mutated ( wild ) types . phenotypic analysis of these types is a time - consuming and costly effort by individuals . in this paper , ←
→ quad - networks : unsupervised learning to rank for interest point detection ; several machine learning tasks require to represent the data using only a sparse set of interest points . an ideal detector is able to find the corresponding interest points even if the data undergo a transformation typical for a given domain . since the task is of high practical interest in computer vision , many hand - crafted solutions were proposed . in this paper , we ask a fundamental question : can we learn such detectors from scra ←
→ clingo goes linear constraints over reals and integers ; the recent series 5 of the asp system clingo provides generic means to enhance basic answer set programming ( asp ) with theory reasoning capabilities . we instantiate this framework with different forms of linear constraints , discuss the respective implementations , and present techniques of how to use these constraints in a reactive context . more precisely , we introduce extensions to clingo with difference and linear constraints over integers and reals ,←
→ sparql as a foreign language ; in the last years , the linked data cloud has achieved a size of more than 100 billion facts pertaining to a multitude of domains . however , accessing this information has been significantly challenging for lay users . approaches to problems such as question answering on linked data and link discovery have notably played a role in increasing information access . these approaches are often based on handcrafted and / or statistical models derived from data observation . recently , deep ←
→ approximation vector machines for large - scale online learning ; one of the most challenging problems in kernel online learning is to bound the model size and to promote the model sparsity . sparse models not only improve computation and memory usage , but also enhance the generalization capacity , a principle that concurs with the law of parsimony . however , inappropriate sparsity modeling may also significantly degrade the performance . in this paper , we propose approximation vector machine ( avm ), a model that ←
→ early warning system for seismic events in coal mines using machine learning ; this document describes an approach to the problem of predicting dangerous seismic events in active coal mines up to 8 hours in advance . it was developed as a part of the aaia ' 16 data mining challenge : predicting dangerous seismic events in active coal mines . the solutions presented consist of ensembles of various predictive models trained on different sets of features . the best one achieved a winning score of 0 . 939 auc .←
→ simultaneous feature learning and hash coding with deep neural networks ; similarity - preserving hashing is a widely - used method for nearest neighbour search in large - scale image retrieval tasks . for most existing hashing methods , an image is first encoded as a vector of hand - engineering visual features , followed by another separate projection or quantization step that generates binary codes . however , such visual feature vectors may not be optimally compatible with the coding process , thus producing sub - opti ←
→ robsut wrod reocginiton via semi - character recurrent neural network ; language processing mechanism by humans is generally more robust than computers . the cmabrigde uinervtisy ( cambridge university ) effect from the psycholinguistics literature has demonstrated such a robust word processing mechanism , where jumbled words ( e . g . cmabrigde / cambridge ) are recognized with little cost . on the other hand , computational models for word recognition ( e . g . spelling checkers ) perform poorly on data with such noise . in ←
→ 3d - a - nets : 3d deep dense descriptor for volumetric shapes with adversarial networks ; recently researchers have been shifting their focus towards learned 3d shape descriptors from hand - craft ones to better address challenging issues of the deformation and structural variation inherently present in 3d objects . 3d geometric data are often transformed to 3d voxel grids with regular format in order to be better fed to a deep neural net architecture . however , the computational intractability of direct applicat ←
→ two - dimensional sentiment analysis of text ; sentiment analysis aims to get the underlying viewpoint of the text , which could be anything that holds a subjective opinion , such as an online review , movie rating , comments on blog posts etc . this paper presents a novel approach that classify text in two - dimensional emotional space , based on the sentiments of the author . the approach uses existing lexical resources to extract feature set , which is trained using supervised learning techniques .←
→ challenging neural dialogue models with natural data : memory networks fail on incremental phenomena ; natural , spontaneous dialogue proceeds incrementally on a word - by - word basis ; and it contains many sorts of disfluency such as mid - utterance / sentence hesitations , interruptions , and self - corrections . but training data for machine learning approaches to dialogue processing is often either cleaned - up or wholly synthetic in order to avoid such phenomena . the question then arises of how well systems trained o ←
→ a probabilistic approach to pronunciation by analogy ; the relationship between written and spoken words is convoluted in languages with a deep orthography such as english and therefore it is difficult to devise explicit rules for generating the pronunciations for unseen words . pronunciation by analogy ( pba ) is a data - driven method of constructing pronunciations for novel words from concatenated segments of known words and their pronunciations . pba performs relatively well with english and outperforms sever ←
→ a bayesian model for generative transition - based dependency parsing ; we propose a simple , scalable , fully generative model for transition - based dependency parsing with high accuracy . the model , parameterized by hierarchical pitman - yor processes , overcomes the limitations of previous generative models by allowing fast and accurate inference . we propose an efficient decoding algorithm based on particle filtering that can adapt the beam size to the uncertainty in the model while jointly predicting pos tags an ←
→ fourier policy gradients ; we propose a new way of deriving policy gradient updates for reinforcement learning . our technique , based on fourier analysis , recasts integrals that arise with expected policy gradients as convolutions and turns them into multiplications . the obtained analytical solutions allow us to capture the low variance benefits of epg in a broad range of settings . for the critic , we treat trigonometric and radial basis functions , two function families with the universal approximation proper ←
→ opinion mining of text documents written in macedonian language ; the ability to extract public opinion from web portals such as review sites , social networks and blogs will enable companies and individuals to form a view , an attitude and make decisions without having to do lengthy and costly researches and surveys . in this paper machine learning techniques are used for determining the polarity of forum posts on kajgana which are written in macedonian language . the posts are classified as being positive , ne ←
→ the enemy among us : detecting hate speech with threats based ' othering ' language embeddings ; offensive or antagonistic language targeted at individuals and social groups based on their personal characteristics ( also known as cyber hate speech or cyberhate ) has been frequently posted and widely circulated viathe world wide web . this can be considered as a key risk factor for individual and societal tension linked toregional instability . automated web - based cyberhate detection is important for observing an ←
→ dependent multinomial models made easy : stick breaking with the pólya - gamma augmentation ; many practical modeling problems involve discrete data that are best represented as draws from multinomial or categorical distributions . for example , nucleotides in a dna sequence , children ' s names in a given state and year , and text documents are all commonly modeled with multinomial distributions . in all of these cases , we expect some form of dependency between the draws : the nucleotide at one position in the dna ←
→ detecting cross - lingual plagiarism using simulated word embeddings ; cross - lingual plagiarism ( clp ) occurs when texts written in one language are translated into a different language and used without acknowledging the original sources . one of the most common methods for detecting clp requires online machine translators ( such as google or microsoft translate ) which are not always available , and given that plagiarism detection typically involves large document comparison , the amount of translations required w ←
→ causal inference on multivariate and mixed - type data ; given data over the joint distribution of two random variables $ x $ and $ y $, we consider the problem of inferring the most likely causal direction between $ x $ and $ y $. in particular , we consider the general case where both $ x $ and $ y $ may be univariate or multivariate , and of the same or mixed data types . we take an information theoretic approach , based on kolmogorov complexity , from which it follows that first describing the data over cause and then tha ←
→ off - policy reinforcement learning for $ h_ \ infty $ control design ; the $ h_ \ infty $ control design problem is considered for nonlinear systems with unknown internal system model . it is known that the nonlinear $ h_ \ infty $ control problem can be transformed into solving the so - called hamilton - jacobi - isaacs ( hji ) equation , which is a nonlinear partial differential equation that is generally impossible to be solved analytically . even worse , model - based approaches cannot be used for approximately solving hji eq ←
→ cross - media similarity metric learning with unified deep networks ; as a highlighting research topic in the multimedia area , cross - media retrieval aims to capture the complex correlations among multiple media types . learning better shared representation and distance metric for multimedia data is important to boost the cross - media retrieval . motivated by the strong ability of deep neural network in feature representation and comparison functions learning , we propose the unified network for cross - media simila ←
→ worst - case linear discriminant analysis as scalable semidefinite feasibility problems ; in this paper , we propose an efficient semidefinite programming ( sdp ) approach to worst - case linear discriminant analysis ( wlda ). compared with the traditional lda , wlda considers the dimensionality reduction problem from the worst - case viewpoint , which is in general more robust for classification . however , the original problem of wlda is non - convex and difficult to optimize . in this paper , we reformulate the optimizat ←
→ memory networks ; we describe a new class of learning models called memory networks . memory networks reason with inference components combined with a long - term memory component ; they learn how to use these jointly . the long - term memory can be read and written to , with the goal of using it for prediction . we investigate these models in the context of question answering ( qa ) where the long - term memory effectively acts as a ( dynamic ) knowledge base , and the output is a textual response . we evaluate them on a l ←
→ fast matrix completion without the condition number ; we give the first algorithm for matrix completion whose running time and sample complexity is polynomial in the rank of the unknown target matrix , linear in the dimension of the matrix , and logarithmic in the condition number of the matrix . to the best of our knowledge , all previous algorithms either incurred a quadratic dependence on the condition number of the unknown matrix or a quadratic dependence on the dimension of the matrix in the running time . ←
→ deep tracking : visual tracking using deep convolutional networks ; in this paper , we study a discriminatively trained deep convolutional network for the task of visual tracking . our tracker utilizes both motion and appearance features that are extracted from a pre - trained dual stream deep convolution network . we show that the features extracted from our dual - stream network can provide rich information about the target and this leads to competitive performance against state of the art tracking methods on a v ←
→ a study of recent contributions on information extraction ; this paper reports on modern approaches in information extraction ( ie ) and its two main sub - tasks of named entity recognition ( ner ) and relation extraction ( re ). basic concepts and the most recent approaches in this area are reviewed , which mainly include machine learning ( ml ) based approaches and the more recent trend to deep learning ( dl ) based methods .←
→ lp - recovery of the most significant subspace among multiple subspaces with outliers ; we assume data sampled from a mixture of d - dimensional linear subspaces with spherically symmetric distributions within each subspace and an additional outlier component with spherically symmetric distribution within the ambient space ( for simplicity we may assume that all distributions are uniform on their corresponding unit spheres ). we also assume mixture weights for the different components . we say that one of the un ←
→ learning semantically and additively compositional distributional representations ; this paper connects a vector - based composition model to a formal semantics , the dependency - based compositional semantics ( dcs ). we show theoretical evidence that the vector compositions in our model conform to the logic of dcs . experimentally , we show that vector - based composition brings a strong ability to calculate similar phrases as similar vectors , achieving near state - of - the - art on a wide range of phrase similarity ta ←
→ the cafe wall illusion : local and global perception from multiple scale to multiscale ; geometrical illusions are a subclass of optical illusions in which the geometrical characteristics of patterns such as orientations and angles are distorted and misperceived as the result of low - to high - level retinal / cortical processing . modelling the detection of tilt in these illusions and their strengths as they are perceived is a challenging task computationally and leads to development of techniques that match wi ←
→ functions that emerge through end - to - end reinforcement learning - the direction for artificial general intelligence - ; recently , triggered by the impressive results in tv - games or game of go by google deepmind , end - to - end reinforcement learning ( rl ) is collecting attentions . although little is known , the author ' s group has propounded this framework for around 20 years and already has shown various functions that emerge in a neural network ( nn ) through rl . in this paper , they are introduced again at this ←
→ communication - efficient algorithm for distributed sparse learning via two - way truncation ; we propose a communicationally and computationally efficient algorithm for high - dimensional distributed sparse learning . at each iteration , local machines compute the gradient on local data and the master machine solves one shifted $ l_1 $ regularized minimization problem . the communication cost is reduced from constant times of the dimension number for the state - of - the - art algorithm to constant times of the sparsity ←
→ embedding non - ground logic programs into autoepistemic logic for knowledge base combination ; in the context of the semantic web , several approaches to the combination of ontologies , given in terms of theories of classical first - order logic and rule bases , have been proposed . they either cast rules into classical logic or limit the interaction between rules and ontologies . autoepistemic logic ( ael ) is an attractive formalism which allows to overcome these limitations , by serving as a uniform host language ←
→ practical experiments with regular approximation of context - free languages ; several methods are discussed that construct a finite automaton given a context - free grammar , including both methods that lead to subsets and those that lead to supersets of the original context - free language . some of these methods of regular approximation are new , and some others are presented here in a more refined form with respect to existing literature . practical experiments with the different methods of regular approximatio ←
→ ive - gan : invariant encoding generative adversarial networks ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are a powerful framework for generative tasks . however , they are difficult to train and tend to miss modes of the true data generation process . although gans can learn a rich representation of the covered modes of the data in their latent space , the framework misses an inverse mapping from data to this latent space . we propose invariant encoding generative adversarial networks ( ive - gans ), a novel gan framewo ←
→ dual discriminator generative adversarial nets ; we propose in this paper a novel approach to tackle the problem of mode collapse encountered in generative adversarial network ( gan ). our idea is intuitive but proven to be very effective , especially in addressing some key limitations of gan . in essence , it combines the kullback - leibler ( kl ) and reverse kl divergences into a unified objective function , thus it exploits the complementary statistical properties from these divergences to effectively diversify th ←
→ context - aware natural language generation with recurrent neural networks ; this paper studied generating natural languages at particular contexts or situations . we proposed two novel approaches which encode the contexts into a continuous semantic representation and then decode the semantic representation into text sequences with recurrent neural networks . during decoding , the context information are attended through a gating mechanism , addressing the problem of long - range dependency caused by lengthy sequen ←
→ generalized sparse precision matrix selection for fitting multivariate gaussian random fields to large data sets ; we present a new method for estimating multivariate , second - order stationary gaussian random field ( grf ) models based on the sparse precision matrix selection ( sps ) algorithm , proposed by davanloo et al . ( 2015 ) for estimating scalar grf models . theoretical convergence rates for the estimated between - response covariance matrix and for the estimated parameters of the underlying spatial correlat ←
→ algorithms for generating ordered solutions for explicit and / or structures ; we present algorithms for generating alternative solutions for explicit acyclic and / or structures in non - decreasing order of cost . the proposed algorithms use a best first search technique and report the solutions using an implicit representation ordered by cost . in this paper , we present two versions of the search algorithm -- ( a ) an initial version of the best first search algorithm , asg , which may present one solution more tha ←
→ scalable alignment kernels via space - efficient feature maps ; string kernels are attractive data analysis tools for analyzing string data . among them , alignment kernels are known for their high prediction accuracies in string classifications when tested in combination with svms in various applications . however , alignment kernels have a crucial drawback in that they scale poorly due to their quadratic computation complexity in the number of input strings , which limits large - scale applications in practice . we ←
→ combining multiple feature extraction techniques for handwritten devnagari character recognition ; in this paper we present an ocr for handwritten devnagari characters . basic symbols are recognized by neural classifier . we have used four feature extraction techniques namely , intersection , shadow feature , chain code histogram and straight line fitting features . shadow features are computed globally for character image while intersection features , chain code histogram features and line fitting features are ←
→ membership function assignment for elements of single owl ontology ; this paper develops the idea of membership function assignment for owl ( web ontology language ) ontology elements in order to subsequently generate fuzzy rules from this ontology . the task of membership function assignment for owl ontology elements had already been partially described , but this concerned the case , when several owl ontologies of the same domain were available , and they were merged into a single ontology . the purpose of this ←
→ sparse principal component analysis via rotation and truncation ; sparse principal component analysis ( sparse pca ) aims at finding a sparse basis to improve the interpretability over the dense basis of pca , meanwhile the sparse basis should cover the data subspace as much as possible . in contrast to most of existing work which deal with the problem by adding some sparsity penalties on various objectives of pca , in this paper , we propose a new method spcart , whose motivation is to find a rotation matrix and ←
→ facial expression recognition using enhanced deep 3d convolutional neural networks ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have shown to outperform traditional methods in various visual recognition tasks including facial expression recognition ( fer ). in spite of efforts made to improve the accuracy of fer systems using dnn , existing methods still are not generalizable enough in practical applications . this paper proposes a 3d convolutional neural network method for fer in videos . this new network architecture consi ←
→ efficient neighborhood selection for gaussian graphical models ; this paper addresses the problem of neighborhood selection for gaussian graphical models . we present two heuristic algorithms : a forward - backward greedy algorithm for general gaussian graphical models based on mutual information test , and a threshold - based algorithm for walk summable gaussian graphical models . both algorithms are shown to be structurally consistent , and efficient . numerical results show that both algorithms work very well .←
→ real time fine - grained categorization with accuracy and interpretability ; a well - designed fine - grained categorization system usually has three contradictory requirements : accuracy ( the ability to identify objects among subordinate categories ); interpretability ( the ability to provide human - understandable explanation of recognition system behavior ); and efficiency ( the speed of the system ). to handle the trade - off between accuracy and interpretability , we propose a novel " deeper part - stacked cnn " architectu ←
→ optimizing causal orderings for generating dags from data ; an algorithm for generating the structure of a directed acyclic graph from data using the notion of causal input lists is presented . the algorithm manipulates the ordering of the variables with operations which very much resemble arc reversal . operations are only applied if the dag after the operation represents at least the independencies represented by the dag before the operation until no more arcs can be removed from the dag . the resulting dag ←
→ exchangeable modelling of relational data : checking sparsity , train - test splitting , and sparse exchangeable poisson matrix factorization ; a variety of machine learning tasks --- e . g ., matrix factorization , topic modelling , and feature allocation --- can be viewed as learning the parameters of a probability distribution over bipartite graphs . recently , a new class of models for networks , the sparse exchangeable graphs , have been introduced to resolve some important pathologies of traditional approaches to sta ←
→ stochastic quasi - newton langevin monte carlo ; recently , stochastic gradient markov chain monte carlo ( sg - mcmc ) methods have been proposed for scaling up monte carlo computations to large data problems . whilst these approaches have proven useful in many applications , vanilla sg - mcmc might suffer from poor mixing rates when random variables exhibit strong couplings under the target densities or big scale differences . in this study , we propose a novel sg - mcmc method that takes the local geometry into account ←
→ issues in exploiting germanet as a resource in real applications ; this paper reports about experiments with germanet as a resource within domain specific document analysis . the main question to be answered is : how is the coverage of germanet in a specific domain ? we report about results of a field test of germanet for analyses of autopsy protocols and present a sketch about the integration of germanet inside xdoc . our remarks will contribute to a germanet user ' s wish list .←
→ the cost of troubleshooting cost clusters with inside information ; decision theoretical troubleshooting is about minimizing the expected cost of solving a certain problem like repairing a complicated man - made device . in this paper we consider situations where you have to take apart some of the device to get access to certain clusters and actions . specifically , we investigate troubleshooting with independent actions in a tree of clusters where actions inside a cluster cannot be performed before the cluster ←
→ user interface tools for navigation in conditional probability tables and elicitation of probabilities in bayesian networks ; elicitation of probabilities is one of the most laborious tasks in building decision - theoretic models , and one that has so far received only moderate attention in decision - theoretic systems . we propose a set of user interface tools for graphical probabilistic models , focusing on two aspects of probability elicitation : ( 1 ) navigation through conditional probability tables and ( 2 ) in ←
→ minimax distribution estimation in wasserstein distance ; the wasserstein metric is an important measure of distance between probability distributions , with several applications in machine learning , statistics , probability theory , and data analysis . in this paper , we upper and lower bound minimax rates for the problem of estimating a probability distribution under wasserstein loss , in terms of metric properties , such as covering and packing numbers , of the underlying sample space .←
→ collaborative filtering with side information : a gaussian process perspective ; we tackle the problem of collaborative filtering ( cf ) with side information , through the lens of gaussian process ( gp ) regression . driven by the idea of using the kernel to explicitly model user - item similarities , we formulate the gp in a way that allows the incorporation of low - rank matrix factorisation , arriving at our model , the tucker gaussian process ( tgp ). consequently , tgp generalises classical bayesian matrix factorisa ←
→ exploring parallelism in learning belief networks ; it has been shown that a class of probabilistic domain models cannot be learned correctly by several existing algorithms which employ a single - link look ahead search . when a multi - link look ahead search is used , the computational complexity of the learning algorithm increases . we study how to use parallelism to tackle the increased complexity in learning such models and to speed up learning in large domains . an algorithm is proposed to decompose the learni ←
→ learning about knowledge : a complex network approach ; this article describes an approach to modeling knowledge acquisition in terms of walks along complex networks . each subset of knowledge is represented as a node , and relations between such knowledge are expressed as edges . two types of edges are considered , corresponding to free and conditional transitions . the latter case implies that a node can only be reached after visiting previously a set of nodes ( the required conditions ). the process of knowledge ←
→ robust estimation of 3d human poses from a single image ; human pose estimation is a key step to action recognition . we propose a method of estimating 3d human poses from a single image , which works in conjunction with an existing 2d pose / joint detector . 3d pose estimation is challenging because multiple 3d poses may correspond to the same 2d pose after projection due to the lack of depth information . moreover , current 2d pose estimators are usually inaccurate which may cause errors in the 3d estimation . we ←
→ semi - supervised single - and multi - domain regression with multi - domain training ; we address the problems of multi - domain and single - domain regression based on distinct and unpaired labeled training sets for each of the domains and a large unlabeled training set from all domains . we formulate these problems as a bayesian estimation with partial knowledge of statistical relations . we propose a worst - case design strategy and study the resulting estimators . our analysis explicitly accounts for the cardinality ←
→ learning fashion compatibility with bidirectional lstms ; the ubiquity of online fashion shopping demands effective recommendation services for customers . in this paper , we study two types of fashion recommendation : ( i ) suggesting an item that matches existing components in a set to form a stylish outfit ( a collection of fashion items ), and ( ii ) generating an outfit with multimodal ( images / text ) specifications from a user . to this end , we propose to jointly learn a visual - semantic embedding and the compatib ←
→ provable efficient online matrix completion via non - convex stochastic gradient descent ; matrix completion , where we wish to recover a low rank matrix by observing a few entries from it , is a widely studied problem in both theory and practice with wide applications . most of the provable algorithms so far on this problem have been restricted to the offline setting where they provide an estimate of the unknown matrix using all observations simultaneously . however , in many applications , the online version , w ←
→ online machine learning in big data streams ; the area of online machine learning in big data streams covers algorithms that are ( 1 ) distributed and ( 2 ) work from data streams with only a limited possibility to store past data . the first requirement mostly concerns software architectures and efficient algorithms . the second one also imposes nontrivial theoretical restrictions on the modeling methods : in the data stream model , older data is no longer available to revise earlier suboptimal modeling decisions ←
→ learning of behavior trees for autonomous agents ; definition of an accurate system model for automated planner ( ap ) is often impractical , especially for real - world problems . conversely , off - the - shelf planners fail to scale up and are domain dependent . these drawbacks are inherited from conventional transition systems such as finite state machines ( fsms ) that describes the action - plan execution generated by the ap . on the other hand , behavior trees ( bts ) represent a valid alternative to fsms presenting many ←
→ causality refined diagnostic prediction ; applying machine learning in the health care domain has shown promising results in recent years . interpretable outputs from learning algorithms are desirable for decision making by health care personnel . in this work , we explore the possibility of utilizing causal relationships to refine diagnostic prediction . we focus on the task of diagnostic prediction using discomfort drawings , and explore two ways to employ causal identification to improve the diagnostic result ←
→ practical bayesian optimization in the presence of outliers ; inference in the presence of outliers is an important field of research as outliers are ubiquitous and may arise across a variety of problems and domains . bayesian optimization is method that heavily relies on probabilistic inference . this allows outstanding sample efficiency because the probabilistic machinery provides a memory of the whole optimization process . however , that virtue becomes a disadvantage when the memory is populated with outlie ←
→ good friends , bad news - affect and virality in twitter ; the link between affect , defined as the capacity for sentimental arousal on the part of a message , and virality , defined as the probability that it be sent along , is of significant theoretical and practical importance , e . g . for viral marketing . a quantitative study of emailing of articles from the ny times finds a strong link between positive affect and virality , and , based on psychological theories it is concluded that this relation is universally v ←
→ ontological multidimensional data models and contextual data qality ; data quality assessment and data cleaning are context - dependent activities . motivated by this observation , we propose the ontological multidimensional data model ( omd model ), which can be used to model and represent contexts as logic - based ontologies . the data under assessment is mapped into the context , for additional analysis , processing , and quality data extraction . the resulting contexts allow for the representation of dimensions , and ←
→ an online learning approach to generative adversarial networks ; we consider the problem of training generative models with a generative adversarial network ( gan ). although gans can accurately model complex distributions , they are known to be difficult to train due to instabilities caused by a difficult minimax optimization problem . in this paper , we view the problem of training gans as finding a mixed strategy in a zero - sum game . building on ideas from online learning we propose a novel training method nam ←
→ distributed learning , communication complexity and privacy ; we consider the problem of pac - learning from distributed data and analyze fundamental communication complexity questions involved . we provide general upper and lower bounds on the amount of communication needed to learn well , showing that in addition to vc - dimension and covering number , quantities such as the teaching - dimension and mistake - bound of a class play an important role . we also present tight results for a number of common concept classes ←
→ fast randomized singular value thresholding for low - rank optimization ; rank minimization can be converted into tractable surrogate problems , such as nuclear norm minimization ( nnm ) and weighted nnm ( wnnm ). the problems related to nnm , or wnnm , can be solved iteratively by applying a closed - form proximal operator , called singular value thresholding ( svt ), or weighted svt , but they suffer from high computational cost of singular value decomposition ( svd ) at each iteration . we propose a fast and accurate appr ←
→ binary subspace coding for query - by - image video retrieval ; the query - by - image video retrieval ( qbivr ) task has been attracting considerable research attention recently . however , most existing methods represent a video by either aggregating or projecting all its frames into a single datum point , which may easily cause severe information loss . in this paper , we propose an efficient qbivr framework to enable an effective and efficient video search with image query . we first define a similarity - preserving dist ←
→ the prioritized inductive logic programs ; the limit behavior of inductive logic programs has not been explored , but when considering incremental or online inductive learning algorithms which usually run ongoingly , such behavior of the programs should be taken into account . an example is given to show that some inductive learning algorithm may not be correct in the long run if the limit behavior is not considered . an inductive logic program is convergent if given an increasing sequence of example sets , the ←
→ hacking smart machines with smarter ones : how to extract meaningful data from machine learning classifiers ; machine learning ( ml ) algorithms are used to train computers to perform a variety of complex tasks and improve with experience . computers learn how to recognize patterns , make unintended decisions , or react to a dynamic environment . certain trained machines may be more effective than others because they are based on more suitable ml algorithms or because they were trained through superior training ←
→ some characteristics of matroids through rough sets ; at present , practical application and theoretical discussion of rough sets are two hot problems in computer science . the core concepts of rough set theory are upper and lower approximation operators based on equivalence relations . matroid , as a branch of mathematics , is a structure that generalizes linear independence in vector spaces . further , matroid theory borrows extensively from the terminology of linear algebra and graph theory . we can combine roug ←
→ pruning search space in defeasible argumentation ; defeasible argumentation has experienced a considerable growth in ai in the last decade . theoretical results have been combined with development of practical applications in ai & law , case - based reasoning and various knowledge - based systems . however , the dialectical process associated with inference is computationally expensive . this paper focuses on speeding up this inference process by pruning the involved search space . our approach is twofold . on one han ←
→ clinical tagging with joint probabilistic models ; we describe a method for parameter estimation in bipartite probabilistic graphical models for joint prediction of clinical conditions from the electronic medical record . the method does not rely on the availability of gold - standard labels , but rather uses noisy labels , called anchors , for learning . we provide a likelihood - based objective and a moments - based initialization that are effective at learning the model parameters . the learned model is evaluated in ←
→ stabilizing dual - energy x - ray computed tomography reconstructions using patch - based regularization ; recent years have seen growing interest in exploiting dual - and multi - energy measurements in computed tomography ( ct ) in order to characterize material properties as well as object shape . material characterization is performed by decomposing the scene into constitutive basis functions , such as compton scatter and photoelectric absorption functions . while well motivated physically , the joint recovery of the ←
→ action recognition with visual attention on skeleton images ; action recognition with 3d skeleton sequences is becoming popular due to its speed and robustness . the recently proposed convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) based methods have shown good performance in learning spatio - temporal representations for skeleton sequences . despite the good recognition accuracy achieved by previous cnn based methods , there exist two problems that potentially limit the performance . first , previous skeleton representations ←
→ maximing the margin in the input space ; we propose a novel criterion for support vector machine learning : maximizing the margin in the input space , not in the feature ( hilbert ) space . this criterion is a discriminative version of the principal curve proposed by hastie et al . the criterion is appropriate in particular when the input space is already a well - designed feature space with rather small dimensionality . the definition of the margin is generalized in order to represent prior knowledge . the derived a ←
→ expected utility networks ; we introduce a new class of graphical representations , expected utility networks ( euns ), and discuss some of its properties and potential applications to artificial intelligence and economic theory . in euns not only probabilities , but also utilities enjoy a modular representation . euns are undirected graphs with two types of arc , representing probability and utility dependencies respectively . the representation of utilities is based on a novel notion of conditional utility indepe ←
→ neural networks classifier for data selection in statistical machine translation ; we address the data selection problem in statistical machine translation ( smt ) as a classification task . the new data selection method is based on a neural network classifier . we present a new method description and empirical results proving that our data selection method provides better translation quality , compared to a state - of - the - art method ( i . e ., cross entropy ). moreover , the empirical results reported are coherent ac ←
→ source - lda : enhancing probabilistic topic models using prior knowledge sources ; a popular approach to topic modeling involves extracting co - occurring n - grams of a corpus into semantic themes . the set of n - grams in a theme represents an underlying topic , but most topic modeling approaches are not able to label these sets of words with a single n - gram . such labels are useful for topic identification in summarization systems . this paper introduces a novel approach to labeling a group of n - grams comprising a ←
→ model - based test generation for robotic software : automata versus belief - desire - intention agents ; robotic code needs to be verified to ensure its safety and functional correctness , especially when the robot is interacting with people . testing real code in simulation is a viable option . however , generating tests that cover rare scenarios , as well as exercising most of the code , is a challenge amplified by the complexity of the interactions between the environment and the software . model - based test generat ←
→ an efficient genetic programming system with geometric semantic operators and its application to human oral bioavailability prediction ; very recently new genetic operators , called geometric semantic operators , have been defined for genetic programming . contrarily to standard genetic operators , which are uniquely based on the syntax of the individuals , these new operators are based on their semantics , meaning with it the set of input - output pairs on training data . furthermore , these operators present the ←
→ detection and resolution of rumours in social media : a survey ; despite the increasing use of social media platforms for information and news gathering , its unmoderated nature often leads to the emergence and spread of rumours , i . e . pieces of information that are unverified at the time of posting . at the same time , the openness of social media platforms provides opportunities to study how users share and discuss rumours , and to explore how natural language processing and data mining techniques may be used t ←
→ exemplar dynamics models of the stability of phonological categories ; we develop a model for the stability and maintenance of phonological categories . examples of phonological categories are vowel sounds such as " i " and " e ". we model such categories as consisting of collections of labeled exemplars that language users store in their memory . each exemplar is a detailed memory of an instance of the linguistic entity in question . starting from an exemplar - level model we derive integro - differential equations f ←
→ a submodular - supermodular procedure with applications to discriminative structure learning ; in this paper , we present an algorithm for minimizing the difference between two submodular functions using a variational framework which is based on ( an extension of ) the concave - convex procedure [ 17 ]. because several commonly used metrics in machine learning , like mutual information and conditional mutual information , are submodular , the problem of minimizing the difference of two submodular problems arises natu ←
→ an alternate approach for designing a domain specific image search prototype using histogram ; everyone knows that thousand of words are represented by a single image . as a result image search has become a very popular mechanism for the web searchers . image search means , the search results are produced by the search engine should be a set of images along with their web page unified resource locator . now web searcher can perform two types of image search , they are text to image and image to image search . i ←
→ contextual hypergraph modelling for salient object detection ; salient object detection aims to locate objects that capture human attention within images . previous approaches often pose this as a problem of image contrast analysis . in this work , we model an image as a hypergraph that utilizes a set of hyperedges to capture the contextual properties of image pixels or regions . as a result , the problem of salient object detection becomes one of finding salient vertices and hyperedges in the hypergraph . the ma ←
→ quantized memory - augmented neural networks ; memory - augmented neural networks ( manns ) refer to a class of neural network models equipped with external memory ( such as neural turing machines and memory networks ). these neural networks outperform conventional recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) in terms of learning long - term dependency , allowing them to solve intriguing ai tasks that would otherwise be hard to address . this paper concerns the problem of quantizing manns . quantization is known to be effective whe ←
→ nice : non - linear independent components estimation ; we propose a deep learning framework for modeling complex high - dimensional densities called non - linear independent component estimation ( nice ). it is based on the idea that a good representation is one in which the data has a distribution that is easy to model . for this purpose , a non - linear deterministic transformation of the data is learned that maps it to a latent space so as to make the transformed data conform to a factorized distribution , i . e ., resu ←
→ model - based bayesian exploration ; reinforcement learning systems are often concerned with balancing exploration of untested actions against exploitation of actions that are known to be good . the benefit of exploration can be estimated using the classical notion of value of information - the expected improvement in future decision quality arising from the information acquired by exploration . estimating this quantity requires an assessment of the agent ' s uncertainty about its current value estimates for stat ←
→ graph based over - segmentation methods for 3d point clouds ; over - segmentation , or super - pixel generation , is a common preliminary stage for many computer vision applications . new acquisition technologies enable the capturing of 3d point clouds that contain color and geometrical information . this 3d information introduces a new conceptual change that can be utilized to improve the results of over - segmentation , which uses mainly color information , and to generate clusters of points we call super - points . we co ←
→ clause - learning algorithms with many restarts and bounded - width resolution ; we offer a new understanding of some aspects of practical sat - solvers that are based on dpll with unit - clause propagation , clause - learning , and restarts . we do so by analyzing a concrete algorithm which we claim is faithful to what practical solvers do . in particular , before making any new decision or restart , the solver repeatedly applies the unit - resolution rule until saturation , and leaves no component to the mercy of non - dete ←
→ convex relaxations for pose graph optimization with outliers ; pose graph optimization involves the estimation of a set of poses from pairwise measurements and provides a formalization for many problems arising in mobile robotics and geometric computer vision . in this paper , we consider the case in which a subset of the measurements fed to pose graph optimization is spurious . our first contribution is to develop robust estimators that can cope with heavy - tailed measurement noise , hence increasing robustness ←
→ efficient solution algorithms for factored mdps ; this paper addresses the problem of planning under uncertainty in large markov decision processes ( mdps ). factored mdps represent a complex state space using state variables and the transition model using a dynamic bayesian network . this representation often allows an exponential reduction in the representation size of structured mdps , but the complexity of exact solution algorithms for such mdps can grow exponentially in the representation size . in this pap ←
→ shakespearizing modern language using copy - enriched sequence - to - sequence models ; variations in writing styles are commonly used to adapt the content to a specific context , audience , or purpose . however , applying stylistic variations is still by and large a manual process , and there have been little efforts towards automating it . in this paper we explore automated methods to transform text from modern english to shakespearean english using an end to end trainable neural model with pointers to enable copy ←
→ blistrtune : hierarchical invention of theorem proving strategies ; inventing targeted proof search strategies for specific problem sets is a difficult task . state - of - the - art automated theorem provers ( atps ) such as e allow a large number of user - specified proof search strategies described in a rich domain specific language . several machine learning methods that invent strategies automatically for atps were proposed previously . one of them is the blind strategymaker ( blistr ), a system for automated invention ←
→ a generalized arc - consistency algorithm for a class of counting constraints : revised edition that incorporates one correction ; this paper introduces the seq bin meta - constraint with a polytime algorithm achieving general - ized arc - consistency according to some properties . seq bin can be used for encoding counting con - straints such as change , smooth or increas - ing nvalue . for some of these constraints and some of their variants gac can be enforced with a time and space complexity linear in the sum of do ←
→ generating markov equivalent maximal ancestral graphs by single edge replacement ; maximal ancestral graphs ( mags ) are used to encode conditional independence relations in dag models with hidden variables . different mags may represent the same set of conditional independences and are called markov equivalent . this paper considers mags without undirected edges and shows conditions under which an arrow in a mag can be reversed or interchanged with a bi - directed edge so as to yield a markov equivalent mag .←
→ authorship analysis of xenophon ' s cyropaedia ; in the past several decades , many authorship attribution studies have used computational methods to determine the authors of disputed texts . disputed authorship is a common problem in classics , since little information about ancient documents has survived the centuries . many scholars have questioned the authenticity of the final chapter of xenophon ' s cyropaedia , a 4th century b . c . historical text . in this study , we use n - grams frequency vectors with a cosine si ←
→ learning task structure via sparsity grouped multitask learning ; sparse mapping has been a key methodology in many high - dimensional scientific problems . when multiple tasks share the set of relevant features , learning them jointly in a group drastically improves the quality of relevant feature selection . however , in practice this technique is used limitedly since such grouping information is usually hidden . in this paper , our goal is to recover the group structure on the sparsity patterns and leverage that ←
→ an improved uncertainty decoding scheme with weighted samples for dnn - hmm hybrid systems ; in this paper , we advance a recently - proposed uncertainty decoding scheme for dnn - hmm ( deep neural network - hidden markov model ) hybrid systems . this numerical sampling concept averages dnn outputs produced by a finite set of feature samples ( drawn from a probabilistic distortion model ) to approximate the posterior likelihoods of the context - dependent hmm states . as main innovation , we propose a weighted dnn - output ←
→ a quantum dynamic belief model to explain the interference effects of categorization on decision making ; categorization is necessary for many decision making tasks . however , the categorization process may interfere the decision making result and the law of total probability can be violated in some situations . to predict the interference effect of categorization , some model based on quantum probability has been proposed . in this paper , a new quantum dynamic belief ( qdb ) model is proposed . considering the ←
→ conjunctive query containment and answering under description logics constraints ; query containment and query answering are two important computational tasks in databases . while query answering amounts to compute the result of a query over a database , query containment is the problem of checking whether for every database , the result of one query is a subset of the result of another query . in this paper , we deal with unions of conjunctive queries , and we address query containment and query answering un ←
→" liar , liar pants on fire ": a new benchmark dataset for fake news detection ; automatic fake news detection is a challenging problem in deception detection , and it has tremendous real - world political and social impacts . however , statistical approaches to combating fake news has been dramatically limited by the lack of labeled benchmark datasets . in this paper , we present liar : a new , publicly available dataset for fake news detection . we collected a decade - long , 12 . 8k manually labeled short statements in ←
→ coordinate system selection for minimum error rate training in statistical machine translation ; minimum error rate training ( mert ) is a widely used training procedure for statistical machine translation . a general problem of this approach is that the search space is easy to converge to a local optimum and the acquired weight set is not in accord with the real distribution of feature functions . this paper introduces coordinate system selection ( rss ) into the search algorithm for mert . contrary to previous ←
→ an octree cells occupancy geometric dimensionality descriptor for massive on - server point cloud visualisation and classification ; lidar datasets are becoming more and more common . they are appreciated for their precise 3d nature , and have a wide range of applications , such as surface reconstruction , object detection , visualisation , etc . for all this applications , having additional semantic information per point has potential of increasing the quality and the efficiency of the application . in the last dec ←
→ separating the real from the synthetic : minutiae histograms as fingerprints of fingerprints ; in this study we show that by the current state - of - the - art synthetically generated fingerprints can easily be discriminated from real fingerprints . we propose a method based on second order extended minutiae histograms ( mhs ) which can distinguish between real and synthetic prints with very high accuracy . mhs provide a fixed - length feature vector for a fingerprint which are invariant under rotation and translation ←
→ deep learning of robotic tasks without a simulator using strong and weak human supervision ; we propose a scheme for training a computerized agent to perform complex human tasks such as highway steering . the scheme is designed to follow a natural learning process whereby a human instructor teaches a computerized trainee . the learning process consists of five elements : ( i ) unsupervised feature learning ; ( ii ) supervised imitation learning ; ( iii ) supervised reward induction ; ( iv ) supervised safety module con ←
→ generalization and equilibrium in generative adversarial nets ( gans ) ; we show that training of generative adversarial network ( gan ) may not have good generalization properties ; e . g ., training may appear successful but the trained distribution may be far from target distribution in standard metrics . however , generalization does occur for a weaker metric called neural net distance . it is also shown that an approximate pure equilibrium exists in the discriminator / generator game for a special class of generato ←
→ time - contrastive networks : self - supervised learning from video ; we propose a self - supervised approach for learning representations and robotic behaviors entirely from unlabeled videos recorded from multiple viewpoints , and study how this representation can be used in two robotic imitation settings : imitating object interactions from videos of humans , and imitating human poses . imitation of human behavior requires a viewpoint - invariant representation that captures the relationships between end - effectors ( ha ←
→ sequential sensing with model mismatch ; we characterize the performance of sequential information guided sensing , info - greedy sensing , when there is a mismatch between the true signal model and the assumed model , which may be a sample estimate . in particular , we consider a setup where the signal is low - rank gaussian and the measurements are taken in the directions of eigenvectors of the covariance matrix in a decreasing order of eigenvalues . we establish a set of performance bounds when a mismatched covari ←
→ learning implicit brain mri manifolds with deep learning ; an important task in image processing and neuroimaging is to extract quantitative information from the acquired images in order to make observations about the presence of disease or markers of development in populations . having a lowdimensional manifold of an image allows for easier statistical comparisons between groups and the synthesis of group representatives . previous studies have sought to identify the best mapping of brain mri to a low - dimens ←
→ a trainable neuromorphic integrated circuit that exploits device mismatch ; random device mismatch that arises as a result of scaling of the cmos ( complementary metal - oxide semi - conductor ) technology into the deep submicron regime degrades the accuracy of analogue circuits . methods to combat this increase the complexity of design . we have developed a novel neuromorphic system called a trainable analogue block ( tab ), which exploits device mismatch as a means for random projections of the input to a higher ←
→ truncating the loop series expansion for belief propagation ; recently , m . chertkov and v . y . chernyak derived an exact expression for the partition sum ( normalization constant ) corresponding to a graphical model , which is an expansion around the belief propagation solution . by adding correction terms to the bp free energy , one for each " generalized loop " in the factor graph , the exact partition sum is obtained . however , the usually enormous number of generalized loops generally prohibits summation over all ←
→ redesigning decision matrix method with an indeterminacy - based inference process ; for academics and practitioners concerned with computers , business and mathematics , one central issue is supporting decision makers . in this paper , we propose a generalization of decision matrix method ( dmm ), using neutrosophic logic . it emerges as an alternative to the existing logics and it represents a mathematical model of uncertainty and indeterminacy . this paper proposes the neutrosophic decision matrix method as a mo ←
→ interpretable structure - evolving lstm ; this paper develops a general framework for learning interpretable data representation via long short - term memory ( lstm ) recurrent neural networks over hierarchal graph structures . instead of learning lstm models over the pre - fixed structures , we propose to further learn the intermediate interpretable multi - level graph structures in a progressive and stochastic way from data during the lstm network optimization . we thus call this model the structure - evolving lstm . in ←
→ constrained deep weak supervision for histopathology image segmentation ; in this paper , we develop a new weakly - supervised learning algorithm to learn to segment cancerous regions in histopathology images . our work is under a multiple instance learning framework ( mil ) with a new formulation , deep weak supervision ( dws ); we also propose an effective way to introduce constraints to our neural networks to assist the learning process . the contributions of our algorithm are threefold : ( 1 ) we build an end - to - end ←
→ contradiction - centricity : a uniform model for formation of swarm intelligence and its simulations ; it is a grand challenge to model the emergence of swarm intelligence and many principles or models had been proposed . however , existing models do not catch the nature of swarm intelligence and they are not generic enough to describe various types of emergence phenomena . in this work , we propose a contradiction - centric model for emergence of swarm intelligence , in which individuals ' contradictions dominate t ←
→ learning in the machine : random backpropagation and the deep learning channel ; random backpropagation ( rbp ) is a variant of the backpropagation algorithm for training neural networks , where the transpose of the forward matrices are replaced by fixed random matrices in the calculation of the weight updates . it is remarkable both because of its effectiveness , in spite of using random matrices to communicate error information , and because it completely removes the taxing requirement of maintaining symmetric ←
→ cur algorithm for partially observed matrices ; cur matrix decomposition computes the low rank approximation of a given matrix by using the actual rows and columns of the matrix . it has been a very useful tool for handling large matrices . one limitation with the existing algorithms for cur matrix decomposition is that they need an access to the {\ it full } matrix , a requirement that can be difficult to fulfill in many real world applications . in this work , we alleviate this limitation by developing a cur dec ←
→ mga trajectory planning with an aco - inspired algorithm ; given a set of celestial bodies , the problem of finding an optimal sequence of swing - bys , deep space manoeuvres ( dsm ) and transfer arcs connecting the elements of the set is combinatorial in nature . the number of possible paths grows exponentially with the number of celestial bodies . therefore , the design of an optimal multiple gravity assist ( mga ) trajectory is a np - hard mixed combinatorial - continuous problem . its automated solution would greatly imp ←
→ a multi - scale cascade fully convolutional network face detector ; face detection is challenging as faces in images could be present at arbitrary locations and in different scales . we propose a three - stage cascade structure based on fully convolutional neural networks ( fcns ). it first proposes the approximate locations where the faces may be , then aims to find the accurate location by zooming on to the faces . each level of the fcn cascade is a multi - scale fully - convolutional network , which generates scores a ←
→ credal nets under epistemic irrelevance ; we present a new approach to credal nets , which are graphical models that generalise bayesian nets to imprecise probability . instead of applying the commonly used notion of strong independence , we replace it by the weaker notion of epistemic irrelevance . we show how assessments of epistemic irrelevance allow us to construct a global model out of given local uncertainty models and mention some useful properties . the main results and proofs are presented using the lan ←
→ deep active object recognition by joint label and action prediction ; an active object recognition system has the advantage of being able to act in the environment to capture images that are more suited for training and that lead to better performance at test time . in this paper , we propose a deep convolutional neural network for active object recognition that simultaneously predicts the object label , and selects the next action to perform on the object with the aim of improving recognition performance . we ←
→ one - shot session recommendation systems with combinatorial items ; in recent years , content recommendation systems in large websites ( or \ emph { content providers }) capture an increased focus . while the type of content varies , e . g .\ movies , articles , music , advertisements , etc ., the high level problem remains the same . based on knowledge obtained so far on the user , recommend the most desired content . in this paper we present a method to handle the well known user - cold - start problem in recommendation systems .←
→ fast preprocessing for robust face sketch synthesis ; exemplar - based face sketch synthesis methods usually meet the challenging problem that input photos are captured in different lighting conditions from training photos . the critical step causing the failure is the search of similar patch candidates for an input photo patch . conventional illumination invariant patch distances are adopted rather than directly relying on pixel intensity difference , but they will fail when local contrast within a patch change ←
→ a global approach for solving edge - matching puzzles ; we consider apictorial edge - matching puzzles , in which the goal is to arrange a collection of puzzle pieces with colored edges so that the colors match along the edges of adjacent pieces . we devise an algebraic representation for this problem and provide conditions under which it exactly characterizes a puzzle . using the new representation , we recast the combinatorial , discrete problem of solving puzzles as a global , polynomial system of equations with c ←
→ allsat compressed with wildcards . part 1 : converting cnf ' s to orthogonal dnf ' s ; for most branching algorithms in boolean logic " branching " means " variable - wise branching ". we present the apparently novel technique of clause - wise branching , which is used to solve the allsat problem for arbitrary boolean functions in cnf format . specifically , it converts a cnf into an orthogonal dnf , i . e . into an exclusive sum of products . our method is enhanced by two ingredients : the use of a good sat - solver and wildcard ←
→ classifying patents based on their semantic content ; in this paper , we extend some usual techniques of classification resulting from a large - scale data - mining and network approach . this new technology , which in particular is designed to be suitable to big data , is used to construct an open consolidated database from raw data on 4 million patents taken from the us patent office from 1976 onward . to build the pattern network , not only do we look at each patent title , but we also examine their full abstract a ←
→ evolutionary multiobjective optimization of the multi - location transshipment problem ; we consider a multi - location inventory system where inventory choices at each location are centrally coordinated . lateral transshipments are allowed as recourse actions within the same echelon in the inventory system to reduce costs and improve service level . however , this transshipment process usually causes undesirable lead times . in this paper , we propose a multiobjective model of the multi - location transshipment pro ←
→ deepface : face generation using deep learning ; we use cnns to build a system that both classifies images of faces based on a variety of different facial attributes and generates new faces given a set of desired facial characteristics . after introducing the problem and providing context in the first section , we discuss recent work related to image generation in section 2 . in section 3 , we describe the methods used to fine - tune our cnn and generate new images using a novel approach inspired by a gaussian mix ←
→ on the impact of mutation - selection balance on the runtime of evolutionary algorithms ; the interplay between mutation and selection plays a fundamental role in the behaviour of evolutionary algorithms ( eas ). however , this interplay is still not completely understood . this paper presents a rigorous runtime analysis of a non - elitist population - based ea that uses the linear ranking selection mechanism . the analysis focuses on how the balance between parameter $\ eta $, controlling the selection pressure in li ←
→ discrete temporal models of social networks ; we propose a family of statistical models for social network evolution over time , which represents an extension of exponential random graph models ( ergms ). many of the methods for ergms are readily adapted for these models , including maximum likelihood estimation algorithms . we discuss models of this type and their properties , and give examples , as well as a demonstration of their use for hypothesis testing and classification . we believe our temporal erg models ←
→ extreme learning machine for graph signal processing ; in this article , we improve extreme learning machines for regression tasks using a graph signal processing based regularization . we assume that the target signal for prediction or regression is a graph signal . with this assumption , we use the regularization to enforce that the output of an extreme learning machine is smooth over a given graph . simulation results with real data confirm that such regularization helps significantly when the available train ←
→ combining gradient boosting machines with collective inference to predict continuous values ; gradient boosting of regression trees is a competitive procedure for learning predictive models of continuous data that fits the data with an additive non - parametric model . the classic version of gradient boosting assumes that the data is independent and identically distributed . however , relational data with interdependent , linked instances is now common and the dependencies in such data can be exploited to impro ←
→ spatially coherent random forests ; spatially coherent random forest ( scrf ) extends random forest to create spatially coherent labeling . each split function in scrf is evaluated based on a traditional information gain measure that is regularized by a spatial coherency term . this way , scrf is encouraged to choose split functions that cluster pixels both in appearance space and in image space . in particular , we use scrf to detect contours in images , where contours are taken to be the boundaries between differ ←
→ proceedings of the seventh conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 1991 ) ; this is the proceedings of the seventh conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in los angeles , ca , july 13 - 15 , 1991 ←
→ a paradigm shift : detecting human rights violations through web images ; the growing presence of devices carrying digital cameras , such as mobile phones and tablets , combined with ever improving internet networks have enabled ordinary citizens , victims of human rights abuse , and participants in armed conflicts , protests , and disaster situations to capture and share via social media networks images and videos of specific events . this paper discusses the potential of images in human rights context including t ←
→ high performance software in multidimensional reduction methods for image processing with application to ancient manuscripts ; multispectral imaging is an important technique for improving the readability of written or printed text where the letters have faded , either due to deliberate erasing or simply due to the ravages of time . often the text can be read simply by looking at individual wavelengths , but in some cases the images need further enhancement to maximise the chances of reading the text . there ←
→ evaluation of protein structural models using random forests ; protein structure prediction has been a grand challenge problem in the structure biology over the last few decades . protein quality assessment plays a very important role in protein structure prediction . in the paper , we propose a new protein quality assessment method which can predict both local and global quality of the protein 3d structural models . our method uses both multi and single model quality assessment method for global quality assess ←
→ a network of spiking neurons for computing sparse representations in an energy efficient way ; computing sparse redundant representations is an important problem both in applied mathematics and neuroscience . in many applications , this problem must be solved in an energy efficient way . here , we propose a hybrid distributed algorithm ( hda ), which solves this problem on a network of simple nodes communicating via low - bandwidth channels . hda nodes perform both gradient - descent - like steps on analog internal va ←
→ average - case hardness of rip certification ; the restricted isometry property ( rip ) for design matrices gives guarantees for optimal recovery in sparse linear models . it is of high interest in compressed sensing and statistical learning . this property is particularly important for computationally efficient recovery methods . as a consequence , even though it is in general np - hard to check that rip holds , there have been substantial efforts to find tractable proxies for it . these would allow the construction o ←
→ locally weighted naive bayes ; despite its simplicity , the naive bayes classifier has surprised machine learning researchers by exhibiting good performance on a variety of learning problems . encouraged by these results , researchers have looked to overcome naive bayes primary weakness - attribute independence - and improve the performance of the algorithm . this paper presents a locally weighted version of naive bayes that relaxes the independence assumption by learning local models at prediction time . experi ←
→ a note on privacy preserving iteratively reweighted least squares ; iteratively reweighted least squares ( irls ) is a widely - used method in machine learning to estimate the parameters in the generalised linear models . in particular , irls for l1 minimisation under the linear model provides a closed - form solution in each step , which is a simple multiplication between the inverse of the weighted second moment matrix and the weighted first moment vector . when dealing with privacy sensitive data , however , develop ←
→ improving image watermarking based on tabu search by chaos ; with the fast development of communication and multimedia technology , the rights of the owners of multimedia products is vulnerable to the unauthorized copies and watermarking is one of the best known methods for proving the ownership of a product . in this paper we prosper the previous watermarking method which was based on tabu search by chaos . the modification applied in the permutation step of watermarking and the initial population generation ←
→ temporal topic analysis with endogenous and exogenous processes ; we consider the problem of modeling temporal textual data taking endogenous and exogenous processes into account . such text documents arise in real world applications , including job advertisements and economic news articles , which are influenced by the fluctuations of the general economy . we propose a hierarchical bayesian topic model which imposes a " group - correlated " hierarchical structure on the evolution of topics over time incorporating ←
→ tensor decompositions for learning latent variable models ; this work considers a computationally and statistically efficient parameter estimation method for a wide class of latent variable models --- including gaussian mixture models , hidden markov models , and latent dirichlet allocation --- which exploits a certain tensor structure in their low - order observable moments ( typically , of second - and third - order ). specifically , parameter estimation is reduced to the problem of extracting a certain ( orthogonal ) dec ←
→ exploratory topic modeling with distributional semantics ; as we continue to collect and store textual data in a multitude of domains , we are regularly confronted with material whose largely unknown thematic structure we want to uncover . with unsupervised , exploratory analysis , no prior knowledge about the content is required and highly open - ended tasks can be supported . in the past few years , probabilistic topic modeling has emerged as a popular approach to this problem . nevertheless , the representation of ←
→ face - magnet : magnifying feature maps to detect small faces ; in this paper , we introduce the face magnifier network ( face - magenet ), a face detector based on the faster - rcnn framework which enables the flow of discriminative information of small scale faces to the classifier without any skip or residual connections . to achieve this , face - magnet deploys a set of convtranspose , also known as deconvolution , layers in the region proposal network ( rpn ) and another set before the region of interest ( roi ) pooling l ←
→ asymptotic analysis of objectives based on fisher information in active learning ; obtaining labels can be costly and time - consuming . active learning allows a learning algorithm to intelligently query samples to be labeled for efficient learning . fisher information ratio ( fir ) has been used as an objective for selecting queries in active learning . however , little is known about the theory behind the use of fir for active learning . there is a gap between the underlying theory and the motivation of its usag ←
→ a recurrent neural network without chaos ; we introduce an exceptionally simple gated recurrent neural network ( rnn ) that achieves performance comparable to well - known gated architectures , such as lstms and grus , on the word - level language modeling task . we prove that our model has simple , predicable and non - chaotic dynamics . this stands in stark contrast to more standard gated architectures , whose underlying dynamical systems exhibit chaotic behavior .←
→ consciousness is pattern recognition ; this is a proof of the strong ai hypothesis , i . e . that machines can be conscious . it is a phenomenological proof that pattern - recognition and subjective consciousness are the same activity in different terms . therefore , it proves that essential subjective processes of consciousness are computable , and identifies significant traits and requirements of a conscious system . since husserl , many philosophers have accepted that consciousness consists of memories of logical co ←
→ a generalized mean field algorithm for variational inference in exponential families ; the mean field methods , which entail approximating intractable probability distributions variationally with distributions from a tractable family , enjoy high efficiency , guaranteed convergence , and provide lower bounds on the true likelihood . but due to requirement for model - specific derivation of the optimization equations and unclear inference quality in various models , it is not widely used as a generic approximate i ←
→ from 3d point clouds to semantic objects an ontology - based detection approach ; this paper presents a knowledge - based detection of objects approach using the owl ontology language , the semantic web rule language , and 3d processing built - ins aiming at combining geometrical analysis of 3d point clouds and specialist ' s knowledge . this combination allows the detection and the annotation of objects contained in point clouds . the context of the study is the detection of railway objects such as signals , technica ←
→ weakly supervised object localization on grocery shelves using simple fcn and synthetic dataset ; we propose a weakly supervised method using two algorithms to predict object bounding boxes given only an image classification dataset . first algorithm is a simple fully convolutional network ( fcn ) trained to classify object instances . we use the property of fcn to return a mask for images larger than training images to get a primary output segmentation mask during test time by passing an image pyramid to it .←
→ orthogonal echo state networks and stochastic evaluations of likelihoods ; we report about probabilistic likelihood estimates that are performed on time series using an echo state network with orthogonal recurrent connectivity . the results from tests using synthetic stochastic input time series with temporal inference indicate that the capability of the network to infer depends on the balance between input strength and recurrent activity . this balance has an influence on the network with regard to the quali ←
→ scalable recollections for continual lifelong learning ; given the recent success of deep learning applied to a variety of single tasks , it is natural to consider more human - realistic settings . perhaps the most difficult of these settings is that of continual lifelong learning , where the model must learn online over a continuous stream of non - stationary data . a continual lifelong learning system must have three primary capabilities to succeed : it must learn and adapt over time , it must not forget what it ha ←
→ topology reduction in deep convolutional feature extraction networks ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) used in practice employ potentially hundreds of layers and $ 10 $,$ 000 $ s of nodes . such network sizes entail significant computational complexity due to the large number of convolutions that need to be carried out ; in addition , a large number of parameters needs to be learned and stored . very deep and wide cnns may therefore not be well suited to applications operating under severe resource constra ←
→ approximation of the two - part mdl code ; approximation of the optimal two - part mdl code for given data , through successive monotonically length - decreasing two - part mdl codes , has the following properties : ( i ) computation of each step may take arbitrarily long ; ( ii ) we may not know when we reach the optimum , or whether we will reach the optimum at all ; ( iii ) the sequence of models generated may not monotonically improve the goodness of fit ; but ( iv ) the model associated with the optimum has ( almost ) the best ←
→ modelling information incorporation in markets , with application to detecting and explaining events ; we develop a model of how information flows into a market , and derive algorithms for automatically detecting and explaining relevant events . we analyze data from twenty - two " political stock markets " ( i . e ., betting markets on political outcomes ) on the iowa electronic market ( iem ). we prove that , under certain efficiency assumptions , prices in such betting markets will on average approach the correct outco ←
→ capsulegan : generative adversarial capsule network ; we present generative adversarial capsule network ( capsulegan ), a framework that uses capsule networks ( capsnets ) instead of the standard convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) as discriminators within the generative adversarial network ( gan ) setting , while modeling image data . we provide guidelines for designing capsnet discriminators and the updated gan objective function , which incorporates the capsnet margin loss , for training capsulegan models . we show ←
→ lv - rover : lexicon verified recognizer output voting error reduction ; offline handwritten text line recognition is a hard task that requires both an efficient optical character recognizer and language model . handwriting recognition state of the art methods are based on long short term memory ( lstm ) recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) coupled with the use of linguistic knowledge . most of the proposed approaches in the literature focus on improving one of the two components and use constraint , dedicated to a data ←
→ support vector comparison machines ; in ranking problems , the goal is to learn a ranking function from labeled pairs of input points . in this paper , we consider the related comparison problem , where the label indicates which element of the pair is better , or if there is no significant difference . we cast the learning problem as a margin maximization , and show that it can be solved by converting it to a standard svm . we use simulated nonlinear patterns , a real learning to rank sushi data set , and a chess dat ←
→ siftservice . com - turning a computer vision algorithm into a world wide web service ; image features detection and description is a longstanding topic in computer vision and pattern recognition areas . the scale invariant feature transform ( sift ) is probably the most popular and widely demanded feature descriptor which facilitates a variety of computer vision applications such as image registration , object tracking , image forgery detection , and 3d surface reconstruction . this work introduces a software as ←
→ improving drug sensitivity predictions in precision medicine through active expert knowledge elicitation ; predicting the efficacy of a drug for a given individual , using high - dimensional genomic measurements , is at the core of precision medicine . however , identifying features on which to base the predictions remains a challenge , especially when the sample size is small . incorporating expert knowledge offers a promising alternative to improve a prediction model , but collecting such knowledge is laborious ←
→ validation of tsallis entropy in inter - modality neuroimage registration ; medical image registration plays an important role in determining topographic and morphological changes for functional diagnostic and therapeutic purposes . manual alignment and semi - automated software still have been used ; however they are subjective and make specialists spend precious time . fully automated methods are faster and user - independent , but the critical point is registration reliability . similarity measurement using mutual ←
→ make the minority great again : first - order regret bound for contextual bandits ; regret bounds in online learning compare the player ' s performance to $ l ^*$, the optimal performance in hindsight with a fixed strategy . typically such bounds scale with the square root of the time horizon $ t $. the more refined concept of first - order regret bound replaces this with a scaling $\ sqrt { l ^*}$, which may be much smaller than $\ sqrt { t }$. it is well known that minor variants of standard algorithms satisfy first - order ←
→ characterizing the language of online communities and its relation to community reception ; this work investigates style and topic aspects of language in online communities : looking at both utility as an identifier of the community and correlation with community reception of content . style is characterized using a hybrid word and part - of - speech tag n - gram language model , while topic is represented using latent dirichlet allocation . experiments with several reddit forums show that style is a better indicat ←
→ on reducing the communication cost of the diffusion lms algorithm ; the rise of digital and mobile communications has recently made the world more connected and networked , resulting in an unprecedented volume of data flowing between sources , data centers , or processes . while these data may be processed in a centralized manner , it is often more suitable to consider distributed strategies such as diffusion as they are scalable and can handle large amounts of data by distributing tasks over networked agents . a ←
→ strictly proper mechanisms with cooperating players ; prediction markets provide an efficient means to assess uncertain quantities from forecasters . traditional and competitive strictly proper scoring rules have been shown to incentivize players to provide truthful probabilistic forecasts . however , we show that when those players can cooperate , these mechanisms can instead discourage them from reporting what they really believe . when players with different beliefs are able to cooperate and form a coalition ,←
→ a compilation target for probabilistic programming languages ; forward inference techniques such as sequential monte carlo and particle markov chain monte carlo for probabilistic programming can be implemented in any programming language by creative use of standardized operating system functionality including processes , forking , mutexes , and shared memory . exploiting this we have defined , developed , and tested a probabilistic programming language intermediate representation language we call probabilistic c ,←
→ databright : towards a global exchange for decentralized data ownership and trusted computation ; it is safe to assume that , for the foreseeable future , machine learning , especially deep learning will remain both data - and computation - hungry . in this paper , we ask : can we build a global exchange where everyone can contribute computation and data to train the next generation of machine learning applications ? we present an early , but running prototype of databright , a system that turns the creation of trai ←
→ commonly uncommon : semantic sparsity in situation recognition ; semantic sparsity is a common challenge in structured visual classification problems ; when the output space is complex , the vast majority of the possible predictions are rarely , if ever , seen in the training set . this paper studies semantic sparsity in situation recognition , the task of producing structured summaries of what is happening in images , including activities , objects and the roles objects play within the activity . for this problem , w ←
→ very deep convolutional networks for end - to - end speech recognition ; sequence - to - sequence models have shown success in end - to - end speech recognition . however these models have only used shallow acoustic encoder networks . in our work , we successively train very deep convolutional networks to add more expressive power and better generalization for end - to - end asr models . we apply network - in - network principles , batch normalization , residual connections and convolutional lstms to build very deep recurrent and co ←
→ robust depth estimation from auto bracketed images ; as demand for advanced photographic applications on hand - held devices grows , these electronics require the capture of high quality depth . however , under low - light conditions , most devices still suffer from low imaging quality and inaccurate depth acquisition . to address the problem , we present a robust depth estimation method from a short burst shot with varied intensity ( i . e ., auto bracketing ) or strong noise ( i . e ., high iso ). we introduce a geometric tr ←
→ language independent single document image super - resolution using cnn for improved recognition ; recognition of document images have important applications in restoring old and classical texts . the problem involves quality improvement before passing it to a properly trained ocr to get accurate recognition of the text . the image enhancement and quality improvement constitute important steps as subsequent recognition depends upon the quality of the input image . there are scenarios when high resolution image ←
→ the cyborg astrobiologist : matching of prior textures by image compression for geological mapping and novelty detection ; ( abridged ) we describe an image - comparison technique of heidemann and ritter that uses image compression , and is capable of : ( i ) detecting novel textures in a series of images , as well as of : ( ii ) alerting the user to the similarity of a new image to a previously - observed texture . this image - comparison technique has been implemented and tested using our astrobiology phone - cam system , w ←
→ scaling up estimation of distribution algorithms for continuous optimization ; since estimation of distribution algorithms ( eda ) were proposed , many attempts have been made to improve edas ' performance in the context of global optimization . so far , the studies or applications of multivariate probabilistic model based continuous edas are still restricted to rather low dimensional problems ( smaller than 100d ). traditional edas have difficulties in solving higher dimensional problems because of the curse of ←
→ two - stage geometric information guided image reconstruction ; in compressive sensing , it is challenging to reconstruct image of high quality from very few noisy linear projections . existing methods mostly work well on piecewise constant images but not so well on piecewise smooth images such as natural images , medical images that contain a lot of details . we propose a two - stage method called geocs to recover images with rich geometric information from very limited amount of noisy measurements . the method ado ←
→ exposing ambiguities in a relation - extraction gold standard with crowdsourcing ; semantic relation extraction is one of the frontiers of biomedical natural language processing research . gold standards are key tools for advancing this research . it is challenging to generate these standards because of the high cost of expert time and the difficulty in establishing agreement between annotators . we implemented and evaluated a microtask crowdsourcing approach that can produce a gold standard for extracting dru ←
→ learning - based compressive subsampling ; the problem of recovering a structured signal $\ mathbf { x } \ in \ mathbb { c }^ p $ from a set of dimensionality - reduced linear measurements $\ mathbf { b } = \ mathbf { a }\ mathbf { x }$ arises in a variety of applications , such as medical imaging , spectroscopy , fourier optics , and computerized tomography . due to computational and storage complexity or physical constraints imposed by the problem , the measurement matrix $\ mathbf { a } \ in \ mathbb { c }^{ n \ times p }$ is often of the form $\←
→ a dynamic resource allocation decision model for it security ; today , with the continued growth in using information and communication technologies ( ict ) for business purposes , business organizations become increasingly dependent on their information systems . thus , they need to protect them from the different attacks exploiting their vulnerabilities . to do so , the organization has to use security technologies , which may be proactive or reactive ones . each security technology has a relative cost and addresse ←
→ using monte carlo method for searching partitionings of hard variants of boolean satisfiability problem ; in this paper we propose the approach for constructing partitionings of hard variants of the boolean satisfiability problem ( sat ). such partitionings can be used for solving corresponding sat instances in parallel . for the same sat instance one can construct different partitionings , each of them is a set of simplified versions of the original sat instance . the effectiveness of an arbitrary partitionin ←
→ towards detection of bottlenecks in modular systems ; the paper describes some basic approaches to detection of bottlenecks in composite ( modular ) systems . the following basic system bottlenecks detection problems are examined : ( 1 ) traditional quality management approaches ( pareto chart based method , multicriteria analysis as selection of pareto - efficient points , and / or multicriteria ranking ), ( 2 ) selection of critical system elements ( critical components / modules , critical component interconnection ), ( 3 ) se ←
→ the lumiere project : bayesian user modeling for inferring the goals and needs of software users ; the lumiere project centers on harnessing probability and utility to provide assistance to computer software users . we review work on bayesian user models that can be employed to infer a users needs by considering a user ' s background , actions , and queries . several problems were tackled in lumiere research , including ( 1 ) the construction of bayesian models for reasoning about the time - varying goals of computer ←
→ influence - directed explanations for deep convolutional networks ; we study the problem of explaining a rich class of behavioral properties of deep neural networks . distinctively , our influence - directed explanations approach this problem by peering inside the net - work to identify neurons with high influence on the property and distribution of interest using an axiomatically justified influence measure , and then providing an interpretation for the concepts these neurons represent . we evaluate our approach by ←
→ demosaicing and superresolution for color filter array via residual image reconstruction and sparse representation ; a framework of demosaicing and superresolution for color filter array ( cfa ) via residual image reconstruction and sparse representation is presented . given the intermediate image produced by certain demosaicing and interpolation technique , a residual image between the final reconstruction image and the intermediate image is reconstructed using sparse representation . the final reconstruction i ←
→ a new hierarchical redundancy eliminated tree augmented naive bayes classifier for coping with gene ontology - based features ; the tree augmented naive bayes classifier is a type of probabilistic graphical model that can represent some feature dependencies . in this work , we propose a hierarchical redundancy eliminated tree augmented naive bayes ( hre - tan ) algorithm , which considers removing the hierarchical redundancy during the classifier learning process , when coping with data containing hierarchically st ←
→ efficient online learning for optimizing value of information : theory and application to interactive troubleshooting ; we consider the optimal value of information ( voi ) problem , where the goal is to sequentially select a set of tests with a minimal cost , so that one can efficiently make the best decision based on the observed outcomes . existing algorithms are either heuristics with no guarantees , or scale poorly ( with exponential run time in terms of the number of available tests ). moreover , these method ←
→ learning interpretability for visualizations using adapted cox models through a user experiment ; in order to be useful , visualizations need to be interpretable . this paper uses a user - based approach to combine and assess quality measures in order to better model user preferences . results show that cluster separability measures are outperformed by a neighborhood conservation measure , even though the former are usually considered as intuitively representative of user motives . moreover , combining measures , ←
→ online clustering of bandits ; we introduce a novel algorithmic approach to content recommendation based on adaptive clustering of exploration - exploitation (" bandit ") strategies . we provide a sharp regret analysis of this algorithm in a standard stochastic noise setting , demonstrate its scalability properties , and prove its effectiveness on a number of artificial and real - world datasets . our experiments show a significant increase in prediction performance over state - of - the - art methods for bandit problems .←
→ a large - scale cnn ensemble for medication safety analysis ; revealing adverse drug reactions ( adr ) is an essential part of post - marketing drug surveillance , and data from health - related forums and medical communities can be of a great significance for estimating such effects . in this paper , we propose an end - to - end cnn - based method for predicting drug safety on user comments from healthcare discussion forums . we present an architecture that is based on a vast ensemble of cnns with varied structural paramete ←
→ closed - loop policies for operational tests of safety - critical systems ; manufacturers of safety - critical systems must make the case that their product is sufficiently safe for public deployment . much of this case often relies upon critical event outcomes from real - world testing , requiring manufacturers to be strategic about how they allocate testing resources in order to maximize their chances of demonstrating system safety . this work frames the partially observable and belief - dependent problem of test sche ←
→ learning from complementary labels ; collecting labeled data is costly and thus a critical bottleneck in real - world classification tasks . to mitigate this problem , we propose a novel setting , namely learning from complementary labels for multi - class classification . a complementary label specifies a class that a pattern does not belong to . collecting complementary labels would be less laborious than collecting ordinary labels , since users do not have to carefully choose the correct class from a long list of ←
→ deeply supervised salient object detection with short connections ; recent progress on saliency detection is substantial , benefiting mostly from the explosive development of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). semantic segmentation and saliency detection algorithms developed lately have been mostly based on fully convolutional neural networks ( fcns ). there is still a large room for improvement over the generic fcn models that do not explicitly deal with the scale - space problem . holistically - nested edge de ←
→ infogail : interpretable imitation learning from visual demonstrations ; the goal of imitation learning is to mimic expert behavior without access to an explicit reward signal . expert demonstrations provided by humans , however , often show significant variability due to latent factors that are typically not explicitly modeled . in this paper , we propose a new algorithm that can infer the latent structure of expert demonstrations in an unsupervised way . our method , built on top of generative adversarial imitati ←
→ distributional inclusion vector embedding for unsupervised hypernymy detection ; modeling hypernymy , such as poodle is - a dog , is an important generalization aid to many nlp tasks , such as entailment , coreference , relation extraction , and question answering . supervised learning from labeled hypernym sources , such as wordnet , limits the coverage of these models , which can be addressed by learning hypernyms from unlabeled text . existing unsupervised methods either do not scale to large vocabularies or yield ←
→ a new automatic method to adjust parameters for object recognition ; to recognize an object in an image , the user must apply a combination of operators , where each operator has a set of parameters . these parameters must be well adjusted in order to reach good results . usually , this adjustment is made manually by the user . in this paper we propose a new method to automate the process of parameter adjustment for an object recognition task . our method is based on reinforcement learning , we use two types of age ←
→ a corpus for modeling word importance in spoken dialogue transcripts ; motivated by a project to create a system for people who are deaf or hard - of - hearing that would use automatic speech recognition ( asr ) to produce real - time text captions of spoken english during in - person meetings with hearing individuals , we have augmented a transcript of the switchboard conversational dialogue corpus with an overlay of word - importance annotations , with a numeric score for each word , to indicate its importance to the me ←
→ automating quantified multimodal logics in simple type theory -- a case study ; in a case study we investigate whether off the shelf higher - order theorem provers and model generators can be employed to automate reasoning in and about quantified multimodal logics . in our experiments we exploit the new tptp infrastructure for classical higher - order logic .←
→ visual speech recognition : aligning terminologies for better understanding ; we are at an exciting time for machine lipreading . traditional research stemmed from the adaptation of audio recognition systems . but now , the computer vision community is also participating . this joining of two previously disparate areas with different perspectives on computer lipreading is creating opportunities for collaborations , but in doing so the literature is experiencing challenges in knowledge sharing due to multiple us ←
→ augmenting ordered binary decision diagrams with conjunctive decomposition ; this paper augments obdd with conjunctive decomposition to propose a generalization called obdd [$\ wedge $]. by imposing reducedness and the finest $\ wedge $- decomposition bounded by integer $ i $ ($\ wedge_ {\ widehat { i }}$- decomposition ) on obdd [$\ wedge $], we identify a family of canonical languages called robdd [$\ wedge_ {\ widehat { i }}$], where robdd [$\ wedge_ {\ widehat { 0 }}$] is equivalent to robdd . we show that the succinctness of robdd [$\←
→ streaming sparse gaussian process approximations ; sparse pseudo - point approximations for gaussian process ( gp ) models provide a suite of methods that support deployment of gps in the large data regime and enable analytic intractabilities to be sidestepped . however , the field lacks a principled method to handle streaming data in which both the posterior distribution over function values and the hyperparameter estimates are updated in an online fashion . the small number of existing approaches either use subo ←
→ improved parsing for argument - clusters coordination ; syntactic parsers perform poorly in prediction of argument - cluster coordination ( acc ). we change the ptb representation of acc to be more suitable for learning by a statistical pcfg parser , affecting 125 trees in the training set . training on the modified trees yields a slight improvement in evalb scores on sections 22 and 23 . the main evaluation is on a corpus of 4th grade science exams , in which acc structures are prevalent . on this corpus , we obtain a ←
→ customer lifetime value prediction using embeddings ; we describe the customer lifetime value ( cltv ) prediction system deployed at asos . com , a global online fashion retailer . cltv prediction is an important problem in e - commerce where an accurate estimate of future value allows retailers to effectively allocate marketing spend , identify and nurture high value customers and mitigate exposure to losses . the system at asos provides daily estimates of the future value of every customer and is one of the corners ←
→ dual augmented lagrangian method for efficient sparse reconstruction ; we propose an efficient algorithm for sparse signal reconstruction problems . the proposed algorithm is an augmented lagrangian method based on the dual sparse reconstruction problem . it is efficient when the number of unknown variables is much larger than the number of observations because of the dual formulation . moreover , the primal variable is explicitly updated and the sparsity in the solution is exploited . numerical comparison with ←
→ the alvis format for linguistically annotated documents ; the paper describes the alvis annotation format designed for the indexing of large collections of documents in topic - specific search engines . this paper is exemplified on the biological domain and on medline abstracts , as developing a specialized search engine for biologists is one of the alvis case studies . the alvis principle for linguistic annotations is based on existing works and standard propositions . we made the choice of stand - off annotations ←
→ seeing the big picture : deep embedding with contextual evidences ; in the bag - of - words ( bow ) model based image retrieval task , the precision of visual matching plays a critical role in improving retrieval performance . conventionally , local cues of a keypoint are employed . however , such strategy does not consider the contextual evidences of a keypoint , a problem which would lead to the prevalence of false matches . to address this problem , this paper defines " true match " as a pair of keypoints which are simil ←
→ on gaussian markov models for conditional independence ; markov models lie at the interface between statistical independence in a probability distribution and graph separation properties . we review model selection and estimation in directed and undirected markov models with gaussian parametrization , emphasizing the main similarities and differences . these two models are similar but not equivalent , although they share a common intersection . we present the existing results from a historical perspective , takin ←
→ hyperparameter optimization : a spectral approach ; we give a simple , fast algorithm for hyperparameter optimization inspired by techniques from the analysis of boolean functions . we focus on the high - dimensional regime where the canonical example is training a neural network with a large number of hyperparameters . the algorithm --- an iterative application of compressed sensing techniques for orthogonal polynomials --- requires only uniform sampling of the hyperparameters and is thus easily parallelizable . ←
→ on - line prediction with kernels and the complexity approximation principle ; the paper describes an application of aggregating algorithm to the problem of regression . it generalizes earlier results concerned with plain linear regression to kernel techniques and presents an on - line algorithm which performs nearly as well as any oblivious kernel predictor . the paper contains the derivation of an estimate on the performance of this algorithm . the estimate is then used to derive an application of the complexi ←
→ incorporating copying mechanism in sequence - to - sequence learning ; we address an important problem in sequence - to - sequence ( seq2seq ) learning referred to as copying , in which certain segments in the input sequence are selectively replicated in the output sequence . a similar phenomenon is observable in human language communication . for example , humans tend to repeat entity names or even long phrases in conversation . the challenge with regard to copying in seq2seq is that new machinery is needed to decide whe ←
→ proximal iteratively reweighted algorithm with multiple splitting for nonconvex sparsity optimization ; this paper proposes the proximal iteratively reweighted ( pire ) algorithm for solving a general problem , which involves a large body of nonconvex sparse and structured sparse related problems . comparing with previous iterative solvers for nonconvex sparse problem , pire is much more general and efficient . the computational cost of pire in each iteration is usually as low as the state - of - the - art convex sol ←
→ multivariate mixture model for myocardium segmentation combining multi - source images ; this paper proposes a method for simultaneous segmentation of multi - source images , using the multivariate mixture model ( mvmm ) and maximum of log - likelihood ( ll ) framework . the segmentation is a procedure of texture classification , and the mvmm is used to model the joint intensity distribution of the images . specifically , the method is applied to the myocardial segmentation combining the complementary texture informatio ←
→ streaming pca : matching matrix bernstein and near - optimal finite sample guarantees for oja ' s algorithm ; this work provides improved guarantees for streaming principle component analysis ( pca ). given $ a_1 , \ ldots , a_n \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ d \ times d }$ sampled independently from distributions satisfying $\ mathbb { e }[ a_i ] = \ sigma $ for $\ sigma \ succeq \ mathbf { 0 }$, this work provides an $ o ( d )$- space linear - time single - pass streaming algorithm for estimating the top eigenvector of $\ sigma $. the algorithm nearly match ←
→ a statistical learning algorithm for word segmentation ; in natural speech , the speaker does not pause between words , yet a human listener somehow perceives this continuous stream of phonemes as a series of distinct words . the detection of boundaries between spoken words is an instance of a general capability of the human neocortex to remember and to recognize recurring sequences . this paper describes a computer algorithm that is designed to solve the problem of locating word boundaries in blocks of english ←
→ improved residual vector quantization for high - dimensional approximate nearest neighbor search ; quantization methods have been introduced to perform large scale approximate nearest search tasks . residual vector quantization ( rvq ) is one of the effective quantization methods . rvq uses a multi - stage codebook learning scheme to lower the quantization error stage by stage . however , there are two major limitations for rvq when applied to on high - dimensional approximate nearest neighbor search : 1 . the performa ←
→ cvpaper . challenge in 2015 - a review of cvpr2015 and deepsurvey ; the " cvpaper . challenge " is a group composed of members from aist , tokyo denki univ . ( tdu ), and univ . of tsukuba that aims to systematically summarize papers on computer vision , pattern recognition , and related fields . for this particular review , we focused on reading the all 602 conference papers presented at the cvpr2015 , the premier annual computer vision event held in june 2015 , in order to grasp the trends in the field . further , we are pr ←
→ superpixel convolutional networks using bilateral inceptions ; in this paper we propose a cnn architecture for semantic image segmentation . we introduce a new ' bilateral inception ' module that can be inserted in existing cnn architectures and performs bilateral filtering , at multiple feature - scales , between superpixels in an image . the feature spaces for bilateral filtering and other parameters of the module are learned end - to - end using standard backpropagation techniques . the bilateral inception module add ←
→ predicting complete 3d models of indoor scenes ; one major goal of vision is to infer physical models of objects , surfaces , and their layout from sensors . in this paper , we aim to interpret indoor scenes from one rgbd image . our representation encodes the layout of walls , which must conform to a manhattan structure but is otherwise flexible , and the layout and extent of objects , modeled with cad - like 3d shapes . we represent both the visible and occluded portions of the scene , producing a complete 3d parse . ←
→ scalable prototype selection by genetic algorithms and hashing ; classification in the dissimilarity space has become a very active research area since it provides a possibility to learn from data given in the form of pairwise non - metric dissimilarities , which otherwise would be difficult to cope with . the selection of prototypes is a key step for the further creation of the space . however , despite previous efforts to find good prototypes , how to select the best representation set remains an open issue . in ←
→ a 3d coarse - to - fine framework for automatic pancreas segmentation ; in this paper , we adopt 3d cnns to segment the pancreas in ct images . although deep neural networks have been proven to be very effective on many 2d vision tasks , it is still challenging to apply them to 3d applications due to the limited amount of annotated 3d data and limited computational resources . we propose a novel 3d - based coarse - to - fine framework for volumetric pancreas segmentation to tackle these challenges . the proposed 3d - based ←
→ a model for interpreting social interactions in local image regions ; understanding social interactions ( such as ' hug ' or ' fight ') is a basic and important capacity of the human visual system , but a challenging and still open problem for modeling . in this work we study visual recognition of social interactions , based on small but recognizable local regions . the approach is based on two novel key components : ( i ) a given social interaction can be recognized reliably from reduced images ( called ' minimal images ←
→ improving energy efficiency and classification accuracy of neuromorphic chips by learning binary synaptic crossbars ; deep neural networks ( dnn ) have achieved human level performance in many image analytics tasks but dnns are mostly deployed to gpu platforms that consume a considerable amount of power . brain - inspired spiking neuromorphic chips consume low power and can be highly parallelized . however , for deploying dnns to energy efficient neuromorphic chips the incompatibility between continuous neurons ←
→ training deep neural networks with low precision multiplications ; multipliers are the most space and power - hungry arithmetic operators of the digital implementation of deep neural networks . we train a set of state - of - the - art neural networks ( maxout networks ) on three benchmark datasets : mnist , cifar - 10 and svhn . they are trained with three distinct formats : floating point , fixed point and dynamic fixed point . for each of those datasets and for each of those formats , we assess the impact of the precision of ←
→ a new approach to lung image segmentation using fuzzy possibilistic c - means algorithm ; image segmentation is a vital part of image processing . segmentation has its application widespread in the field of medical images in order to diagnose curious diseases . the same medical images can be segmented manually . but the accuracy of image segmentation using the segmentation algorithms is more when compared with the manual segmentation . in the field of medical diagnosis an extensive diversity of imaging techniqu ←
→ a semi - automatic semantic method for mapping snomed ct concepts to vcm icons ; vcm ( visualization of concept in medicine ) is an iconic language for representing key medical concepts by icons . however , the use of this language with reference terminologies , such as snomed ct , will require the mapping of its icons to the terms of these terminologies . here , we present and evaluate a semi - automatic semantic method for the mapping of snomed ct concepts to vcm icons . both snomed ct and vcm are compositional in n ←
→ fine - grained categorization and dataset bootstrapping using deep metric learning with humans in the loop ; existing fine - grained visual categorization methods often suffer from three challenges : lack of training data , large number of fine - grained categories , and high intraclass vs . low inter - class variance . in this work we propose a generic iterative framework for fine - grained categorization and dataset bootstrapping that handles these three challenges . using deep metric learning with humans in the loop , ←
→ automatic text extraction and character segmentation using maximally stable extremal regions ; text detection and segmentation is an important prerequisite for many content based image analysis tasks . the paper proposes a novel text extraction and character segmentation algorithm using maximally stable extremal regions as basic letter candidates . these regions are then subjected to thresholding and thereafter various connected components are determined to identify separate characters . the algorithm is tes ←
→ cnn architectures for large - scale audio classification ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have proven very effective in image classification and show promise for audio . we use various cnn architectures to classify the soundtracks of a dataset of 70m training videos ( 5 . 24 million hours ) with 30 , 871 video - level labels . we examine fully connected deep neural networks ( dnns ), alexnet [ 1 ], vgg [ 2 ], inception [ 3 ], and resnet [ 4 ]. we investigate varying the size of both training set and label vocabulary , findi ←
→ slidenet : fast and accurate slide quality assessment based on deep neural networks ; this work tackles the automatic fine - grained slide quality assessment problem for digitized direct smears test using the gram staining protocol . automatic quality assessment can provide useful information for the pathologists and the whole digital pathology workflow . for instance , if the system found a slide to have a low staining quality , it could send a request to the automatic slide preparation system to remake the sli ←
→ informed non - convex robust principal component analysis with features ; we revisit the problem of robust principal component analysis with features acting as prior side information . to this aim , a novel , elegant , non - convex optimization approach is proposed to decompose a given observation matrix into a low - rank core and the corresponding sparse residual . rigorous theoretical analysis of the proposed algorithm results in exact recovery guarantees with low computational complexity . aptly designed synthetic e ←
→ highly corrupted image inpainting through hypoelliptic diffusion ; we present a new image inpainting algorithm , the averaging and hypoelliptic evolution ( ahe ) algorithm , inspired by the one presented in [ siam j . imaging sci ., vol . 7 , no . 2 , pp . 669 -- 695 , 2014 ] and based upon a semi - discrete variation of the citti - petitot - sarti model of the primary visual cortex v1 . the ahe algorithm is based on a suitable combination of sub - riemannian hypoelliptic diffusion and ad - hoc local averaging techniques . in particul ←
→ neural machine translation with word predictions ; in the encoder - decoder architecture for neural machine translation ( nmt ), the hidden states of the recurrent structures in the encoder and decoder carry the crucial information about the sentence . these vectors are generated by parameters which are updated by back - propagation of translation errors through time . we argue that propagating errors through the end - to - end recurrent structures are not a direct way of control the hidden vectors . in this paper , we pr ←
→ pathtrack : fast trajectory annotation with path supervision ; progress in multiple object tracking ( mot ) has been historically limited by the size of the available datasets . we present an efficient framework to annotate trajectories and use it to produce a mot dataset of unprecedented size . in our novel path supervision the annotator loosely follows the object with the cursor while watching the video , providing a path annotation for each object in the sequence . our approach is able to turn such weak annotat ←
→ voltage - driven domain - wall motion based neuro - synaptic devices for dynamic on - line learning ; conventional von - neumann computing models have achieved remarkable feats for the past few decades . however , they fail to deliver the required efficiency for certain basic tasks like image and speech recognition when compared to biological systems . as such , taking cues from biological systems , novel computing paradigms are being explored for efficient hardware implementations of recognition / classification tasks . t ←
→ a constraint - handling technique for genetic algorithms using a violation factor ; over the years , several meta - heuristic algorithms were proposed and are now emerging as common methods for constrained optimization problems . among them , genetic algorithms ( ga ' s ) shine as popular evolutionary algorithms ( ea ' s ) in engineering optimization . most engineering design problems are difficult to resolve with conventional optimization algorithms because they are highly nonlinear and contain constraints . in order to ←
→ lower complexity bounds for lifted inference ; one of the big challenges in the development of probabilistic relational ( or probabilistic logical ) modeling and learning frameworks is the design of inference techniques that operate on the level of the abstract model representation language , rather than on the level of ground , propositional instances of the model . numerous approaches for such " lifted inference " techniques have been proposed . while it has been demonstrated that these techniques will lead to si ←
→ large - scale low - rank matrix learning with nonconvex regularizers ; low - rank modeling has many important applications in computer vision and machine learning . while the matrix rank is often approximated by the convex nuclear norm , the use of nonconvex low - rank regularizers has demonstrated better empirical performance . however , the resulting optimization problem is much more challenging . recent state - of - the - art requires an expensive full svd in each iteration . in this paper , we show that for many commonly - us ←
→ metrical - accent aware vocal onset detection in polyphonic audio ; the goal of this study is the automatic detection of onsets of the singing voice in polyphonic audio recordings . starting with a hypothesis that the knowledge of the current position in a metrical cycle ( i . e . metrical accent ) can improve the accuracy of vocal note onset detection , we propose a novel probabilistic model to jointly track beats and vocal note onsets . the proposed model extends a state of the art model for beat and meter tracking ←
→ on some equivalence relations between incidence calculus and dempster - shafer theory of evidence ; incidence calculus and dempster - shafer theory of evidence are both theories to describe agents ' degrees of belief in propositions , thus being appropriate to represent uncertainty in reasoning systems . this paper presents a straightforward equivalence proof between some special cases of these theories .←
→ critical survey of the freely available arabic corpora ; the availability of corpora is a major factor in building natural language processing applications . however , the costs of acquiring corpora can prevent some researchers from going further in their endeavours . the ease of access to freely available corpora is urgent needed in the nlp research community especially for language such as arabic . currently , there is not easy was to access to a comprehensive and updated list of freely available arabic corpor ←
→ technical report : giving hints for logic programming examples without revealing solutions ; we introduce a framework for supporting learning to program in the paradigm of answer set programming ( asp ), which is a declarative logic programming formalism . based on the idea of teaching by asking the student to complete small example asp programs , we introduce a three - stage method for giving hints to the student without revealing the correct solution of an example . we categorize mistakes into ( i ) syntactic mis ←
→ a recursive bayesian approach to describe retinal vasculature geometry ; demographic studies suggest that changes in the retinal vasculature geometry , especially in vessel width , are associated with the incidence or progression of eye - related or systemic diseases . to date , the main information source for width estimation from fundus images has been the intensity profile between vessel edges . however , there are many factors affecting the intensity profile : pathologies , the central light reflex and local illu ←
→ towards real - time search planning in subsea environments ; we address the challenge of computing search paths in real - time for subsea applications where the goal is to locate an unknown number of targets on the seafloor . our approach maximizes a formal definition of search effectiveness given finite search effort . we account for false positive measurements and variation in the performance of the search sensor due to geographic variation of the seafloor . we compare near - optimal search paths that can be compu ←
→ mathematical foundations for designing and development of intelligent systems of information analysis ; this article is an attempt to combine different ways of working with sets of objects and their classes for designing and development of artificial intelligent systems ( ais ) of analysis information , using object - oriented programming ( oop ). this paper contains analysis of basic concepts of oop and their relation with set theory and artificial intelligence ( ai ). process of sets and multisets creation from ←
→ iterative object and part transfer for fine - grained recognition ; the aim of fine - grained recognition is to identify sub - ordinate categories in images like different species of birds . existing works have confirmed that , in order to capture the subtle differences across the categories , automatic localization of objects and parts is critical . most approaches for object and part localization relied on the bottom - up pipeline , where thousands of region proposals are generated and then filtered by pre - trained obj ←
→ mining frequent patterns in process models ; process mining has emerged as a way to analyze the behavior of an organization by extracting knowledge from event logs and by offering techniques to discover , monitor and enhance real processes . in the discovery of process models , retrieving a complex one , i . e ., a hardly readable process model , can hinder the extraction of information . even in well - structured process models , there is information that cannot be obtained with the current techniques . in this paper , ←
→ on quantum decision trees ; quantum decision systems are being increasingly considered for use in artificial intelligence applications . classical and quantum nodes can be distinguished based on certain correlations in their states . this paper investigates some properties of the states obtained in a decision tree structure . how these correlations may be mapped to the decision tree is considered . classical tree representations and approximations to quantum states are provided .←
→ binaryconnect : training deep neural networks with binary weights during propagations ; deep neural networks ( dnn ) have achieved state - of - the - art results in a wide range of tasks , with the best results obtained with large training sets and large models . in the past , gpus enabled these breakthroughs because of their greater computational speed . in the future , faster computation at both training and test time is likely to be crucial for further progress and for consumer applications on low - power devices . as ←
→ visually - aware fashion recommendation and design with generative image models ; building effective recommender systems for domains like fashion is challenging due to the high level of subjectivity and the semantic complexity of the features involved ( i . e ., fashion styles ). recent work has shown that approaches to ` visual ' recommendation ( e . g .~ clothing , art , etc .) can be made more accurate by incorporating visual signals directly into the recommendation objective , using ` off - the - shelf ' feature representati ←
→ video propagation networks ; we propose a technique that propagates information forward through video data . the method is conceptually simple and can be applied to tasks that require the propagation of structured information , such as semantic labels , based on video content . we propose a ' video propagation network ' that processes video frames in an adaptive manner . the model is applied online : it propagates information forward without the need to access future frames . in particular we combine two components ,←
→ open problems in universal induction & intelligence ; specialized intelligent systems can be found everywhere : finger print , handwriting , speech , and face recognition , spam filtering , chess and other game programs , robots , et al . this decade the first presumably complete mathematical theory of artificial intelligence based on universal induction - prediction - decision - action has been proposed . this information - theoretic approach solidifies the foundations of inductive inference and artificial intelligence . get ←
→ patchwise object tracking via structural local sparse appearance model ; in this paper , we propose a robust visual tracking method which exploits the relationships of targets in adjacent frames using patchwise joint sparse representation . two sets of overlapping patches with different sizes are extracted from target candidates to construct two dictionaries with consideration of joint sparse representation . by applying this representation into structural sparse appearance model , we can take two - fold advantag ←
→ image segmentation based on histogram of depth and an application in driver distraction detection ; this study proposes an approach to segment human object from a depth image based on histogram of depth values . the region of interest is first extracted based on a predefined threshold for histogram regions . a region growing process is then employed to separate multiple human bodies with the same depth interval . our contribution is the identification of an adaptive growth threshold based on the detected his ←
→ evolution in virtual worlds ; this chapter discusses the possibility of instilling a virtual world with mechanisms for evolution and natural selection in order to generate rich ecosystems of complex organisms in a process akin to biological evolution . some previous work in the area is described , and successes and failures are discussed . the components of a more comprehensive framework for designing such worlds are mapped out , including the design of the individual organisms , the properties and dynamics of t ←
→ template shape estimation : correcting an asymptotic bias ; we use tools from geometric statistics to analyze the usual estimation procedure of a template shape . this applies to shapes from landmarks , curves , surfaces , images etc . we demonstrate the asymptotic bias of the template shape estimation using the stratified geometry of the shape space . we give a taylor expansion of the bias with respect to a parameter $\ sigma $ describing the measurement error on the data . we propose two bootstrap procedures that q ←
→ learning distributions of meant color ; when a speaker says the name of a color , the color they picture is not necessarily the same as the listener imagines . color is a grounded semantic task , but that grounding is not a single value as the most recent works on color - generation do . rather proper understanding of color language requires the capacity to map a sequence of words is to a distribution in color space . to achieve this , we propose a novel gru based model which when given a color description such as ←
→ reinforcewalk : learning to walk in graph with monte carlo tree search ; learning to walk over a graph towards a target node for a given input query and a source node is an important problem in applications such as knowledge graph reasoning . it can be formulated as a reinforcement learning ( rl ) problem that has a known state transition model , but with partial observability and sparse reward . to overcome these challenges , we develop a graph walking agent called reinforcewalk , which consists of a deep recurren ←
→ the concept " altruism " for sociological research : from conceptualization to operationalization ; this article addresses the question of the relevant conceptualization of {\ guillemotleft } altruism {\ guillemotright } in russian from the perspective sociological research operationalization . it investigates the spheres of social application of the word {\ guillemotleft } altruism {\ guillemotright }, include russian equivalent {\ guillemotleft } vzaimopomoshh `{\ guillemotright } ( mutual help ). the data for the study comes ←
→ development of comprehensive devnagari numeral and character database for offline handwritten character recognition ; in handwritten character recognition , benchmark database plays an important role in evaluating the performance of various algorithms and the results obtained by various researchers . in devnagari script , there is lack of such official benchmark . this paper focuses on the generation of offline benchmark database for devnagari handwritten numerals and characters . the present work generated 51 ←
→ efficient large - scale multi - modal classification ; while the incipient internet was largely text - based , the modern digital world is becoming increasingly multi - modal . here , we examine multi - modal classification where one modality is discrete , e . g . text , and the other is continuous , e . g . visual representations transferred from a convolutional neural network . in particular , we focus on scenarios where we have to be able to classify large quantities of data quickly . we investigate various methods for performin ←
→ embodied artificial intelligence through distributed adaptive control : an integrated framework ; in this paper , we argue that the future of artificial intelligence research resides in two keywords : integration and embodiment . we support this claim by analyzing the recent advances of the field . regarding integration , we note that the most impactful recent contributions have been made possible through the integration of recent machine learning methods ( based in particular on deep learning and recurrent neur ←
→ features modeling with an $ α $- stable distribution : application to pattern recognition based on continuous belief functions ; the aim of this paper is to show the interest in fitting features with an $\ alpha $- stable distribution to classify imperfect data . the supervised pattern recognition is thus based on the theory of continuous belief functions , which is a way to consider imprecision and uncertainty of data . the distributions of features are supposed to be unimodal and estimated by a single gaussian an ←
→ image super - resolution via dual - dictionary learning and sparse representation ; learning - based image super - resolution aims to reconstruct high - frequency ( hf ) details from the prior model trained by a set of high - and low - resolution image patches . in this paper , hf to be estimated is considered as a combination of two components : main high - frequency ( mhf ) and residual high - frequency ( rhf ), and we propose a novel image super - resolution method via dual - dictionary learning and sparse representation , which con ←
→ evoc : a computer model of the evolution of culture ; evoc is a computer model of the evolution of culture . it consists of neural network based agents that invent ideas for actions , and imitate neighbors ' actions . evoc replicates using a different fitness function the results obtained with an earlier model ( mav ), including ( 1 ) an increase in mean fitness of actions , and ( 2 ) an increase and then decrease in the diversity of actions . diversity of actions is positively correlated with number of needs , populatio ←
→ what can be predicted from six seconds of driver glances ? ; we consider a large dataset of real - world , on - road driving from a 100 - car naturalistic study to explore the predictive power of driver glances and , specifically , to answer the following question : what can be predicted about the state of the driver and the state of the driving environment from a 6 - second sequence of macro - glances ? the context - based nature of such glances allows for application of supervised learning to the problem of vision - based ga ←
→ sparse distributed localized gradient fused features of objects ; the sparse , hierarchical , and modular processing of natural signals is related to the ability of humans to recognize objects with high accuracy . in this study , we report a sparse feature processing and encoding method , which improved the recognition performance of an automated object recognition system . randomly distributed localized gradient enhanced features were selected before employing aggregate functions for representation , where we use ←
→ mining patterns with a balanced interval ; in many applications it will be useful to know those patterns that occur with a balanced interval , e . g ., a certain combination of phone numbers are called almost every friday or a group of products are sold a lot on tuesday and thursday . in previous work we proposed a new measure of support ( the number of occurrences of a pattern in a dataset ), where we count the number of times a pattern occurs ( nearly ) in the middle between two other occurrences . if the number ←
→ sooner than expected : hitting the wall of complexity in evolution ; in evolutionary robotics an encoding of the control software , which maps sensor data ( input ) to motor control values ( output ), is shaped by stochastic optimization methods to complete a predefined task . this approach is assumed to be beneficial compared to standard methods of controller design in those cases where no a - priori model is available that could help to optimize performance . also for robots that have to operate in unpredictable en ←
→ leveraging deep neural network activation entropy to cope with unseen data in speech recognition ; unseen data conditions can inflict serious performance degradation on systems relying on supervised machine learning algorithms . because data can often be unseen , and because traditional machine learning algorithms are trained in a supervised manner , unsupervised adaptation techniques must be used to adapt the model to the unseen data conditions . however , unsupervised adaptation is often challenging , as one ←
→ signet : convolutional siamese network for writer independent offline signature verification ; offline signature verification is one of the most challenging tasks in biometrics and document forensics . unlike other verification problems , it needs to model minute but critical details between genuine and forged signatures , because a skilled falsification might often resembles the real signature with small deformation . this verification task is even harder in writer independent scenarios which is undeniably fi ←
→ transfer learning by ranking for weakly supervised object annotation ; most existing approaches to training object detectors rely on fully supervised learning , which requires the tedious manual annotation of object location in a training set . recently there has been an increasing interest in developing weakly supervised approach to detector training where the object location is not manually annotated but automatically determined based on binary ( weak ) labels indicating if a training image contains the objec ←
→ learning structural node embeddings via diffusion wavelets ; nodes residing in different parts of a graph can have similar structural roles within their local network topology . the identification of such roles provides key insight into the organization of networks and can be used for a variety of machine learning tasks . however , learning structural representations of nodes is a challenging problem , and it has typically involved manually specifying and tailoring topological features for each node . in this pa ←
→ asynchronous stochastic variational inference ; stochastic variational inference ( svi ) employs stochastic optimization to scale up bayesian computation to massive data . since svi is at its core a stochastic gradient - based algorithm , horizontal parallelism can be harnessed to allow larger scale inference . we propose a lock - free parallel implementation for svi which allows distributed computations over multiple slaves in an asynchronous style . we show that our implementation leads to linear speed - up while gua ←
→ semi - supervised kernel pca ; we present three generalisations of kernel principal components analysis ( kpca ) which incorporate knowledge of the class labels of a subset of the data points . the first , mv - kpca , penalises within class variances similar to fisher discriminant analysis . the second , lskpca is a hybrid of least squares regression and kernel pca . the final lr - kpca is an iteratively reweighted version of the previous which achieves a sigmoid loss function on the labeled points . we provide a theoreti ←
→ generative multi - agent behavioral cloning ; we propose and study the problem of generative multi - agent behavioral cloning , where the goal is to learn a generative multi - agent policy from pre - collected demonstration data . building upon advances in deep generative models , we present a hierarchical policy framework that can tractably learn complex mappings from input states to distributions over multi - agent action spaces . our framework is flexible and can incorporate high - level domain knowledge into the struct ←
→ efficient , safe , and probably approximately complete learning of action models ; in this paper we explore the theoretical boundaries of planning in a setting where no model of the agent ' s actions is given . instead of an action model , a set of successfully executed plans are given and the task is to generate a plan that is safe , i . e ., guaranteed to achieve the goal without failing . to this end , we show how to learn a conservative model of the world in which actions are guaranteed to be applicable . this con ←
→ combining structured and unstructured randomness in large scale pca ; principal component analysis ( pca ) is a ubiquitous tool with many applications in machine learning including feature construction , subspace embedding , and outlier detection . in this paper , we present an algorithm for computing the top principal components of a dataset with a large number of rows ( examples ) and columns ( features ). our algorithm leverages both structured and unstructured random projections to retain good accuracy while bein ←
→ proceedings of the 2017 icml workshop on human interpretability in machine learning ( whi 2017 ) ; this is the proceedings of the 2017 icml workshop on human interpretability in machine learning ( whi 2017 ), which was held in sydney , australia , august 10 , 2017 . invited speakers were tony jebara , pang wei koh , and david sontag .←
→ 3d object reconstruction from hand - object interactions ; recent advances have enabled 3d object reconstruction approaches using a single off - the - shelf rgb - d camera . although these approaches are successful for a wide range of object classes , they rely on stable and distinctive geometric or texture features . many objects like mechanical parts , toys , household or decorative articles , however , are textureless and characterized by minimalistic shapes that are simple and symmetric . existing in - hand scanning syst ←
→ towards cross - lingual alerting for bursty epidemic events ; background : online news reports are increasingly becoming a source for event based early warning systems that detect natural disasters . harnessing the massive volume of information available from multilingual newswire presents as many challenges as opportunities due to the patterns of reporting complex spatiotemporal events . results : in this article we study the problem of utilising correlated event reports across languages . we track the evolution ←
→ arigan : synthetic arabidopsis plants using generative adversarial network ; in recent years , there has been an increasing interest in image - based plant phenotyping , applying state - of - the - art machine learning approaches to tackle challenging problems , such as leaf segmentation ( a multi - instance problem ) and counting . most of these algorithms need labelled data to learn a model for the task at hand . despite the recent release of a few plant phenotyping datasets , large annotated plant image datasets for the ←
→ deep learning for rapid sparse mr fingerprinting reconstruction ; purpose : demonstrate a novel fast method for reconstruction of multi - dimensional mr fingerprinting ( mrf ) data using deep learning methods . methods : a neural network ( nn ) is defined using the tensorflow framework and trained on simulated mrf data computed using the bloch equations . the accuracy of the nn reconstruction of noisy data is compared to conventional mrf template matching as a function of training data size , and quantified in a bot ←
→ evolvability signatures of generative encodings : beyond standard performance benchmarks ; evolutionary robotics is a promising approach to autonomously synthesize machines with abilities that resemble those of animals , but the field suffers from a lack of strong foundations . in particular , evolutionary systems are currently assessed solely by the fitness score their evolved artifacts can achieve for a specific task , whereas such fitness - based comparisons provide limited insights about how the same system ←
→ exploiting lists of names for named entity identification of financial institutions from unstructured documents ; there is a wealth of information about financial systems that is embedded in document collections . in this paper , we focus on a specialized text extraction task for this domain . the objective is to extract mentions of names of financial institutions , or fi names , from financial prospectus documents , and to identify the corresponding real world entities , e . g ., by matching against a corpus of su ←
→ action theory evolution ; like any other logical theory , domain descriptions in reasoning about actions may evolve , and thus need revision methods to adequately accommodate new information about the behavior of actions . the present work is about changing action domain descriptions in propositional dynamic logic . its contribution is threefold : first we revisit the semantics of action theory contraction that has been done in previous work , giving more robust operators that express minimal change based on a no ←
→ projected model counting ; model counting is the task of computing the number of assignments to variables v that satisfy a given propositional theory f . model counting is an essential tool in probabilistic reasoning . in this paper , we introduce the problem of model counting projected on a subset p of original variables that we call ' priority ' variables . the task is to compute the number of assignments to p such that there exists an extension to ' non - priority ' variables v \ p that satisfies f . projected model ←
→ on pre - trained image features and synthetic images for deep learning ; deep learning methods usually require huge amounts of training data to perform at their full potential , and often require expensive manual labeling . using synthetic images is therefore very attractive to train object detectors , as the labeling comes for free , and several approaches have been proposed to combine synthetic and real images for training . in this paper , we show that a simple trick is sufficient to train very effectively mod ←
→ stochastic reformulations of linear systems : algorithms and convergence theory ; we develop a family of reformulations of an arbitrary consistent linear system into a stochastic problem . the reformulations are governed by two user - defined parameters : a positive definite matrix defining a norm , and an arbitrary discrete or continuous distribution over random matrices . our reformulation has several equivalent interpretations , allowing for researchers from various communities to leverage their domain specifi ←
→ zero - shot object recognition system based on topic model ; object recognition systems usually require fully complete manually labeled training data to train the classifier . in this paper , we study the problem of object recognition where the training samples are missing during the classifier learning stage , a task also known as zero - shot learning . we propose a novel zero - shot learning strategy that utilizes the topic model and hierarchical class concept . our proposed method advanced where cumbersome human an ←
→ reducing complexity of hevc : a deep learning approach ; high efficiency video coding ( hevc ) significantly reduces bit - rates over the proceeding h . 264 standard but at the expense of extremely high encoding complexity . in hevc , the quad - tree partition of coding unit ( cu ) consumes a large proportion of the hevc encoding complexity , due to the bruteforce search for rate - distortion optimization ( rdo ). therefore , this paper proposes a deep learning approach to predict the cu partition for reducing the hevc comple ←
→ generalized beta divergence ; this paper generalizes beta divergence beyond its classical form associated with power variance functions of tweedie models . generalized form is represented by a compact definite integral as a function of variance function of the exponential dispersion model . this compact integral form simplifies derivations of many properties such as scaling , translation and expectation of the beta divergence . further , we show that beta divergence and ( half of ) the statistical deviance are equ ←
→ annotation graphs as a framework for multidimensional linguistic data analysis ; in recent work we have presented a formal framework for linguistic annotation based on labeled acyclic digraphs . these ` annotation graphs ' offer a simple yet powerful method for representing complex annotation structures incorporating hierarchy and overlap . here , we motivate and illustrate our approach using discourse - level annotations of text and speech data drawn from the callhome , coconut , muc - 7 , damsl and trains annotatio ←
→ network - regularized sparse logistic regression models for clinical risk prediction and biomarker discovery ; molecular profiling data ( e . g ., gene expression ) has been used for clinical risk prediction and biomarker discovery . however , it is necessary to integrate other prior knowledge like biological pathways or gene interaction networks to improve the predictive ability and biological interpretability of biomarkers . here , we first introduce a general regularized logistic regression ( lr ) framework with re ←
→ an integrated heuristic scheme for partial parse evaluation ; glr * is a recently developed robust version of the generalized lr parser , that can parse almost any input sentence by ignoring unrecognizable parts of the sentence . on a given input sentence , the parser returns a collection of parses that correspond to maximal , or close to maximal , parsable subsets of the original input . this paper describes recent work on developing an integrated heuristic scheme for selecting the parse that is deemed `` best '' f ←
→ online multi - task learning with hard constraints ; we discuss multi - task online learning when a decision maker has to deal simultaneously with m tasks . the tasks are related , which is modeled by imposing that the m - tuple of actions taken by the decision maker needs to satisfy certain constraints . we give natural examples of such restrictions and then discuss a general class of tractable constraints , for which we introduce computationally efficient ways of selecting actions , essentially by reducing to an on -←
→ principal basis analysis in sparse representation ; this article introduces a new signal analysis method , which can be interpreted as a principal component analysis in sparse decomposition of the signal . the method , called principal basis analysis , is based on a novel criterion : reproducibility of component which is an intrinsic characteristic of regularity in natural signals . we show how to measure reproducibility . then we present the principal basis analysis method , which chooses , in a sparse representati ←
→ adversarial examples that fool both human and computer vision ; machine learning models are vulnerable to adversarial examples : small changes to images can cause computer vision models to make mistakes such as identifying a school bus as an ostrich . however , it is still an open question whether humans are prone to similar mistakes . here , we create the first adversarial examples designed to fool humans , by leveraging recent techniques that transfer adversarial examples from computer vision models with known ←
→ towards a dedicated computer vision tool set for crowd simulation models ; as the population of world is increasing , and even more concentrated in urban areas , ensuring public safety is becoming a taunting job for security personnel and crowd managers . mass events like sports , festivals , concerts , political gatherings attract thousand of people in a constraint environment , therefore adequate safety measures should be adopted . despite safety measures , crowd disasters still occur frequently . understanding unde ←
→ counting markov blanket structures ; learning markov blanket ( mb ) structures has proven useful in performing feature selection , learning bayesian networks ( bns ), and discovering causal relationships . we present a formula for efficiently determining the number of mb structures given a target variable and a set of other variables . as expected , the number of mb structures grows exponentially . however , we show quantitatively that there are many fewer mb structures that contain the target variable than there are ←
→ ranking suspected answers to natural language questions using predictive annotation ; in this paper , we describe a system to rank suspected answers to natural language questions . we process both corpus and query using a new technique , predictive annotation , which augments phrases in texts with labels anticipating their being targets of certain kinds of questions . given a natural language question , an ir system returns a set of matching passages , which are then analyzed and ranked according to various crit ←
→ whinter : a working set algorithm for high - dimensional sparse second order interaction models ; learning sparse linear models with two - way interactions is desirable in many application domains such as genomics . l1 - regularised linear models are popular to estimate sparse models , yet standard implementations fail to address specifically the quadratic explosion of candidate two - way interactions in high dimensions , and typically do not scale to genetic data with hundreds of thousands of features . here we prese ←
→ pareto - depth for multiple - query image retrieval ; most content - based image retrieval systems consider either one single query , or multiple queries that include the same object or represent the same semantic information . in this paper we consider the content - based image retrieval problem for multiple query images corresponding to different image semantics . we propose a novel multiple - query information retrieval algorithm that combines the pareto front method ( pfm ) with efficient manifold ranking ( emr ). we sh ←
→ joint prediction of depths , normals and surface curvature from rgb images using cnns ; understanding the 3d structure of a scene is of vital importance , when it comes to developing fully autonomous robots . to this end , we present a novel deep learning based framework that estimates depth , surface normals and surface curvature by only using a single rgb image . to the best of our knowledge this is the first work to estimate surface curvature from colour using a machine learning approach . additionally , we de ←
→ deep models of interactions across sets ; we use deep learning to model interactions across two or more sets of objects , such as user - movie ratings or protein - drug bindings . the canonical representation of such interactions is a matrix ( or tensor ) with an exchangeability property : the encoding ' s meaning is not changed by permuting rows or columns . we argue that models should hence be permutation equivariant ( pe ): constrained to make the same predictions across such permutations . we present a parameter - shari ←
→ the ontogeny of discourse structure mimics the development of literature ; discourse varies with age , education , psychiatric state and historical epoch , but the ontogenetic and cultural dynamics of discourse structure remain to be quantitatively characterized . to this end we investigated word graphs obtained from verbal reports of 200 subjects ages 2 - 58 , and 676 literary texts spanning ~ 5 , 000 years . in healthy subjects , lexical diversity , graph size , and long - range recurrence departed from initial near - rand ←
→ linguistic harbingers of betrayal : a case study on an online strategy game ; interpersonal relations are fickle , with close friendships often dissolving into enmity . in this work , we explore linguistic cues that presage such transitions by studying dyadic interactions in an online strategy game where players form alliances and break those alliances through betrayal . we characterize friendships that are unlikely to last and examine temporal patterns that foretell betrayal . we reveal that subtle signs of ←
→ neuron - level selective context aggregation for scene segmentation ; contextual information provides important cues for disambiguating visually similar pixels in scene segmentation . in this paper , we introduce a neuron - level selective context aggregation ( sca ) module for scene segmentation , comprised of a contextual dependency predictor and a context aggregation operator . the dependency predictor is implicitly trained to infer contextual dependencies between different image regions . the context aggregation o ←
→ using deep learning for segmentation and counting within microscopy data ; cell counting is a ubiquitous , yet tedious task that would greatly benefit from automation . from basic biological questions to clinical trials , cell counts provide key quantitative feedback that drive research . unfortunately , cell counting is most commonly a manual task and can be time - intensive . the task is made even more difficult due to overlapping cells , existence of multiple focal planes , and poor imaging quality , among other fa ←
→ trade - offs in exploiting body morphology for control : from simple bodies and model - based control to complex bodies with model - free distributed control schemes ; tailoring the design of robot bodies for control purposes is implicitly performed by engineers , however , a methodology or set of tools is largely absent and optimization of morphology ( shape , material properties of robot bodies , etc .) is lagging behind the development of controllers . this has become even more prominent with the advent of complia ←
→ network maximal correlation ; we introduce network maximal correlation ( nmc ) as a multivariate measure of nonlinear association among random variables . nmc is defined via an optimization that infers transformations of variables by maximizing aggregate inner products between transformed variables . for finite discrete and jointly gaussian random variables , we characterize a solution of the nmc optimization using basis expansion of functions over appropriate basis functions . for finite discrete variables , we p ←
→ a two - round variant of em for gaussian mixtures ; given a set of possible models ( e . g ., bayesian network structures ) and a data sample , in the unsupervised model selection problem the task is to choose the most accurate model with respect to the domain joint probability distribution . in contrast to this , in supervised model selection it is a priori known that the chosen model will be used in the future for prediction tasks involving more `` focused ' predictive distributions . although focused predictive distr ←
→ fast second - order stochastic backpropagation for variational inference ; we propose a second - order ( hessian or hessian - free ) based optimization method for variational inference inspired by gaussian backpropagation , and argue that quasi - newton optimization can be developed as well . this is accomplished by generalizing the gradient computation in stochastic backpropagation via a reparametrization trick with lower complexity . as an illustrative example , we apply this approach to the problems of bayesian logist ←
→ future word contexts in neural network language models ; recently , bidirectional recurrent network language models ( bi - rnnlms ) have been shown to outperform standard , unidirectional , recurrent neural network language models ( uni - rnnlms ) on a range of speech recognition tasks . this indicates that future word context information beyond the word history can be useful . however , bi - rnnlms pose a number of challenges as they make use of the complete previous and future word context information . this impacts both ←
→ warplda : a cache efficient o ( 1 ) algorithm for latent dirichlet allocation ; developing efficient and scalable algorithms for latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) is of wide interest for many applications . previous work has developed an o ( 1 ) metropolis - hastings sampling method for each token . however , the performance is far from being optimal due to random accesses to the parameter matrices and frequent cache misses . in this paper , we first carefully analyze the memory access efficiency of existing algorith ←
→ asymmetric tri - training for unsupervised domain adaptation ; deep - layered models trained on a large number of labeled samples boost the accuracy of many tasks . it is important to apply such models to different domains because collecting many labeled samples in various domains is expensive . in unsupervised domain adaptation , one needs to train a classifier that works well on a target domain when provided with labeled source samples and unlabeled target samples . although many methods aim to match the distribu ←
→ reservoir computing using non - uniform binary cellular automata ; the reservoir computing ( rc ) paradigm utilizes a dynamical system , i . e ., a reservoir , and a linear classifier , i . e ., a read - out layer , to process data from sequential classification tasks . in this paper the usage of cellular automata ( ca ) as a reservoir is investigated . the use of ca in rc has been showing promising results . in this paper , selected state - of - the - art experiments are reproduced . it is shown that some ca - rules perform better than ←
→ autonomous ingress of a uav through a window using monocular vision ; the use of autonomous uavs for surveillance purposes and other reconnaissance tasks is increasingly becoming popular and convenient . these tasks requires the ability to successfully ingress through the rectangular openings or windows of the target structure . in this paper , a method to robustly detect the window in the surrounding using basic image processing techniques and efficient distance measure , is proposed . furthermore , a navigation sc ←
→ generalized gradient learning on time series under elastic transformations ; the majority of machine learning algorithms assumes that objects are represented as vectors . but often the objects we want to learn on are more naturally represented by other data structures such as sequences and time series . for these representations many standard learning algorithms are unavailable . we generalize gradient - based learning algorithms to time series under dynamic time warping . to this end , we introduce elastic func ←
→ video segmentation via diffusion bases ; identifying moving objects in a video sequence , which is produced by a static camera , is a fundamental and critical task in many computer - vision applications . a common approach performs background subtraction , which identifies moving objects as the portion of a video frame that differs significantly from a background model . a good background subtraction algorithm has to be robust to changes in the illumination and it should avoid detecting non - stationary background o ←
→ on the interplay between strong regularity and graph densification ; in this paper we analyze the practical implications of szemer \' edi ' s regularity lemma in the preservation of metric information contained in large graphs . to this end , we present a heuristic algorithm to find regular partitions . our experiments show that this method is quite robust to the natural sparsification of proximity graphs . in addition , this robustness can be enforced by graph densification .←
→ content - based bird retrieval using shape context , color moments and bag of features ; in this paper we propose a new descriptor for birds search . first , our work was carried on the choice of a descriptor . this choice is usually driven by the application requirements such as robustness to noise , stability with respect to bias , the invariance to geometrical transformations or tolerance to occlusions . in this context , we introduce a descriptor which combines the shape and color descriptors to have an effecti ←
→ semi - supervised multitask learning for sequence labeling ; we propose a sequence labeling framework with a secondary training objective , learning to predict surrounding words for every word in the dataset . this language modeling objective incentivises the system to learn general - purpose patterns of semantic and syntactic composition , which are also useful for improving accuracy on different sequence labeling tasks . the architecture was evaluated on a range of datasets , covering the tasks of error detection ←
→ expert finding in heterogeneous bibliographic networks with locally - trained embeddings ; expert finding is an important task in both industry and academia . it is challenging to rank candidates with appropriate expertise for various queries . in addition , different types of objects interact with one another , which naturally forms heterogeneous information networks . we study the task of expert finding in heterogeneous bibliographical networks based on two aspects : textual content analysis and authority ranki ←
→ boolean hedonic games ; we study hedonic games with dichotomous preferences . hedonic games are cooperative games in which players desire to form coalitions , but only care about the makeup of the coalitions of which they are members ; they are indifferent about the makeup of other coalitions . the assumption of dichotomous preferences means that , additionally , each player ' s preference relation partitions the set of coalitions of which that player is a member into just two equivalence classes : satisfactory and ←
→ meaning negotiation as inference ; meaning negotiation ( mn ) is the general process with which agents reach an agreement about the meaning of a set of terms . artificial intelligence scholars have dealt with the problem of mn by means of argumentations schemes , beliefs merging and information fusion operators , and ontology alignment but the proposed approaches depend upon the number of participants . in this paper , we give a general model of mn for an arbitrary number of agents , in which each participant discu ←
→ deep multitask learning for semantic dependency parsing ; we present a deep neural architecture that parses sentences into three semantic dependency graph formalisms . by using efficient , nearly arc - factored inference and a bidirectional - lstm composed with a multi - layer perceptron , our base system is able to significantly improve the state of the art for semantic dependency parsing , without using hand - engineered features or syntax . we then explore two multitask learning approaches --- one that shares parameter ←
→ optimal policies for observing time series and related restless bandit problems ; the trade - off between the cost of acquiring and processing data , and uncertainty due to a lack of data is fundamental in machine learning . a basic instance of this trade - off is the problem of deciding when to make noisy and costly observations of a discrete - time gaussian random walk , so as to minimise the posterior variance plus observation costs . we present the first proof that a simple policy , which observes when the poste ←
→ hierarchical and interpretable skill acquisition in multi - task reinforcement learning ; learning policies for complex tasks that require multiple different skills is a major challenge in reinforcement learning ( rl ). it is also a requirement for its deployment in real - world scenarios . this paper proposes a novel framework for efficient multi - task reinforcement learning . our framework trains agents to employ hierarchical policies that decide when to use a previously learned policy and when to learn a new sk ←
→ a novel model of working set selection for smo decomposition methods ; in the process of training support vector machines ( svms ) by decomposition methods , working set selection is an important technique , and some exciting schemes were employed into this field . to improve working set selection , we propose a new model for working set selection in sequential minimal optimization ( smo ) decomposition methods . in this model , it selects b as working set without reselection . some properties are given by simple proo ←
→ discriminative nonlinear analysis operator learning : when cosparse model meets image classification ; linear synthesis model based dictionary learning framework has achieved remarkable performances in image classification in the last decade . behaved as a generative feature model , it however suffers from some intrinsic deficiencies . in this paper , we propose a novel parametric nonlinear analysis cosparse model ( nacm ) with which a unique feature vector will be much more efficiently extracted . additionally , ←
→ constrained extreme learning machines : a study on classification cases ; extreme learning machine ( elm ) is an extremely fast learning method and has a powerful performance for pattern recognition tasks proven by enormous researches and engineers . however , its good generalization ability is built on large numbers of hidden neurons , which is not beneficial to real time response in the test process . in this paper , we proposed new ways , named " constrained extreme learning machines " ( celms ), to randomly select h ←
→ mit at semeval - 2017 task 10 : relation extraction with convolutional neural networks ; over 50 million scholarly articles have been published : they constitute a unique repository of knowledge . in particular , one may infer from them relations between scientific concepts , such as synonyms and hyponyms . artificial neural networks have been recently explored for relation extraction . in this work , we continue this line of work and present a system based on a convolutional neural network to extract relations . ou ←
→ artificial neurons with arbitrarily complex internal structures ; artificial neurons with arbitrarily complex internal structure are introduced . the neurons can be described in terms of a set of internal variables , a set activation functions which describe the time evolution of these variables and a set of characteristic functions which control how the neurons interact with one another . the information capacity of attractor networks composed of these generalized neurons is shown to reach the maximum allowed ←
→ co - occurrence matrix and fractal dimension for image segmentation ; one of the most important tasks in image processing problem and machine vision is object recognition , and the success of many proposed methods relies on a suitable choice of algorithm for the segmentation of an image . this paper focuses on how to apply texture operators based on the concept of fractal dimension and cooccurence matrix , to the problem of object recognition and a new method based on fractal dimension is introduced . several ima ←
→ sling : a framework for frame semantic parsing ; we describe sling , a framework for parsing natural language into semantic frames . sling supports general transition - based , neural - network parsing with bidirectional lstm input encoding and a transition based recurrent unit ( tbru ) for output decoding . the parsing model is trained end - to - end using only the text tokens as input . the transition system has been designed to output frame graphs directly without any intervening symbolic representation . the sling frame ←
→ a variational approach to shape - from - shading under natural illumination ; a numerical solution to shape - from - shading under natural illumination is presented . it builds upon an augmented lagrangian approach for solving a generic pde - based shape - from - shading model which handles directional or spherical harmonic lighting , orthographic or perspective projection , and greylevel or multi - channel images . real - world applications to shading - aware depth map denoising , refinement and completion are presented .←
→ a distributed algorithm for training nonlinear kernel machines ; this paper concerns the distributed training of nonlinear kernel machines on map - reduce . we show that a re - formulation of nystr \" om approximation based solution which is solved using gradient based techniques is well suited for this , especially when it is necessary to work with a large number of basis points . the main advantages of this approach are : avoidance of computing the pseudo - inverse of the kernel sub - matrix corresponding to the basis ←
→ very simple classifier : a concept binary classifier toinvestigate features based on subsampling and localility ; we propose very simple classifier ( vsc ) a novel method designed to incorporate the concepts of subsampling and locality in the definition of features to be used as the input of a perceptron . the rationale is that locality theoretically guarantees a bound on the generalization error . each feature in vsc is a max - margin classifier built on randomly - selected pairs of samples . the locality in vsc i ←
→ computing factorized approximations of pareto - fronts using mnm - landscapes and boltzmann distributions ; nm - landscapes have been recently introduced as a class of tunable rugged models . they are a subset of the general interaction models where all the interactions are of order less or equal $ m $. the boltzmann distribution has been extensively applied in single - objective evolutionary algorithms to implement selection and study the theoretical properties of model - building algorithms . in this paper we propose ←
→ robust online multi - task learning with correlative and personalized structures ; multi - task learning ( mtl ) can enhance a classifier ' s generalization performance by learning multiple related tasks simultaneously . conventional mtl works under the offline or batch setting , and suffers from expensive training cost and poor scalability . to address such inefficiency issues , online learning techniques have been applied to solve mtl problems . however , most existing algorithms of online mtl constrain task relatedn ←
→ a note on the uniqueness of models in social abstract argumentation ; social abstract argumentation is a principled way to assign values to conflicting ( weighted ) arguments . in this note we discuss the important property of the uniqueness of the model .←
→ unsupervised discovery of mid - level discriminative patches ; the goal of this paper is to discover a set of discriminative patches which can serve as a fully unsupervised mid - level visual representation . the desired patches need to satisfy two requirements : 1 ) to be representative , they need to occur frequently enough in the visual world ; 2 ) to be discriminative , they need to be different enough from the rest of the visual world . the patches could correspond to parts , objects , " visual phrases ", etc . but are ←
→ mixing times and structural inference for bernoulli autoregressive processes ; we introduce a novel multivariate random process producing bernoulli outputs per dimension , that can possibly formalize binary interactions in various graphical structures and can be used to model opinion dynamics , epidemics , financial and biological time series data , etc . we call this a bernoulli autoregressive process ( bar ). a bar process models a discrete - time vector random sequence of $ p $ scalar bernoulli processes with aut ←
→ neural translation of musical style ; music is an expressive form of communication often used to convey emotion in scenarios where " words are not enough ". part of this information lies in the musical composition where well - defined language exists . however , a significant amount of information is added during a performance as the musician interprets the composition . the performer injects expressiveness into the written score through variations of different musical properties such as dynamics and tempo . in thi ←
→ algorithmic complexity bounds on future prediction errors ; we bound the future loss when predicting any ( computably ) stochastic sequence online . solomonoff finitely bounded the total deviation of his universal predictor $ m $ from the true distribution $ mu $ by the algorithmic complexity of $ mu $. here we assume we are at a time $ t > 1 $ and already observed $ x = x_1 ... x_t $. we bound the future prediction performance on $ x_ { t + 1 } x_ { t + 2 }...$ by a new variant of algorithmic complexity of $ mu $ given $ x $, plus the compl ←
→ energy - based sequence gans for recommendation and their connection to imitation learning ; recommender systems aim to find an accurate and efficient mapping from historic data of user - preferred items to a new item that is to be liked by a user . towards this goal , energy - based sequence generative adversarial nets ( eb - seqgans ) are adopted for recommendation by learning a generative model for the time series of user - preferred items . by recasting the energy function as the feature function , the proposed eb - se ←
→ convex modeling of interactions with strong heredity ; we consider the task of fitting a regression model involving interactions among a potentially large set of covariates , in which we wish to enforce strong heredity . we propose family , a very general framework for this task . our proposal is a generalization of several existing methods , such as vanish [ radchenko and james , 2010 ], hiernet [ bien et al ., 2013 ], the all - pairs lasso , and the lasso using only main effects . it can be formulated as the solution to ←
→ clusters , graphs , and networks for analysing internet - web - supported communication within a virtual community ; the proposal is to use clusters , graphs and networks as models in order to analyse the web structure . clusters , graphs and networks provide knowledge representation and organization . clusters were generated by co - site analysis . the sample is a set of academic web sites from the countries belonging to the european union . these clusters are here revisited from the point of view of graph theory and ←
→ constraint - free natural image reconstruction from fmri signals based on convolutional neural network ; in recent years , research on decoding brain activity based on functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) has made remarkable achievements . however , constraint - free natural image reconstruction from brain activity is still a challenge . the existing methods simplified the problem by using semantic prior information or just reconstructing simple images such as letters and digitals . without semantic prior ←
→ estimating an activity driven hidden markov model ; we define a hidden markov model ( hmm ) in which each hidden state has time - dependent $\ textit { activity levels }$ that drive transitions and emissions , and show how to estimate its parameters . our construction is motivated by the problem of inferring human mobility on sub - daily time scales from , for example , mobile phone records .←
→ group - sparse matrix recovery ; we apply the oscar ( octagonal selection and clustering algorithms for regression ) in recovering group - sparse matrices ( two - dimensional --- 2d --- arrays ) from compressive measurements . we propose a 2d version of oscar ( 2oscar ) consisting of the $\ ell_1 $ norm and the pair - wise $\ ell_ {\ infty }$ norm , which is convex but non - differentiable . we show that the proximity operator of 2oscar can be computed based on that of oscar . the 2oscar problem can thus be efficiently solved by state - o ←
→ stackgan ++: realistic image synthesis with stacked generative adversarial networks ; although generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have shown remarkable success in various tasks , they still face challenges in generating high quality images . in this paper , we propose stacked generative adversarial networks ( stackgan ) aiming at generating high - resolution photo - realistic images . first , we propose a two - stage generative adversarial network architecture , stackgan - v1 , for text - to - image synthesis . the stage - i ←
→ semantically informed multiview surface refinement ; we present a method to jointly refine the geometry and semantic segmentation of 3d surface meshes . our method alternates between updating the shape and the semantic labels . in the geometry refinement step , the mesh is deformed with variational energy minimization , such that it simultaneously maximizes photo - consistency and the compatibility of the semantic segmentations across a set of calibrated images . label - specific shape priors account for interaction ←
→ classification constrained dimensionality reduction ; dimensionality reduction is a topic of recent interest . in this paper , we present the classification constrained dimensionality reduction ( ccdr ) algorithm to account for label information . the algorithm can account for multiple classes as well as the semi - supervised setting . we present an out - of - sample expressions for both labeled and unlabeled data . for unlabeled data , we introduce a method of embedding a new point as preprocessing to a classifier . for ←
→ does learning imply a decrease in the entropy of behavior ? ; shannon ' s information entropy measures of the uncertainty of an event ' s outcome . if learning about a system reflects a decrease in uncertainty , then a plausible intuition is that learning should be accompanied by a decrease in the entropy of the organism ' s actions and / or perceptual states . to address whether this intuition is valid , i examined an artificial organism -- a simple robot -- that learned to navigate in an arena and analyzed the entropy ←
→ generative moment matching networks ; we consider the problem of learning deep generative models from data . we formulate a method that generates an independent sample via a single feedforward pass through a multilayer perceptron , as in the recently proposed generative adversarial networks ( goodfellow et al ., 2014 ). training a generative adversarial network , however , requires careful optimization of a difficult minimax program . instead , we utilize a technique from statistical hypothesis testing known as maxi ←
→ bridge type classification : supervised learning on a modified nbi dataset ; a key phase in the bridge design process is the selection of the structural system . due to budget and time constraints , engineers typically rely on engineering judgment and prior experience when selecting a structural system , often considering a limited range of design alternatives . the objective of this study was to explore the suitability of supervised machine learning as a preliminary design aid that provides guidance to engine ←
→ comparisons and computation of well - founded semantics for disjunctive logic programs ; much work has been done on extending the well - founded semantics to general disjunctive logic programs and various approaches have been proposed . however , these semantics are different from each other and no consensus is reached about which semantics is the most intended . in this paper we look at disjunctive well - founded reasoning from different angles . we show that there is an intuitive form of the well - founded reasonin ←
→ a new recommender system based on target tracking : a kalman filter approach ; in this paper , we propose a new approach for recommender systems based on target tracking by kalman filtering . we assume that users and their seen resources are vectors in the multidimensional space of the categories of the resources . knowing this space , we propose an algorithm based on a kalman filter to track users and to predict the best prediction of their future position in the recommendation space .←
→ efficient private erm for smooth objectives ; in this paper , we consider efficient differentially private empirical risk minimization from the viewpoint of optimization algorithms . for strongly convex and smooth objectives , we prove that gradient descent with output perturbation not only achieves nearly optimal utility , but also significantly improves the running time of previous state - of - the - art private optimization algorithms , for both $\ epsilon $- dp and $(\ epsilon , \ delta )$- dp . for non - convex but smooth o ←
→ bayesian models of data streams with hierarchical power priors ; making inferences from data streams is a pervasive problem in many modern data analysis applications . but it requires to address the problem of continuous model updating and adapt to changes or drifts in the underlying data generating distribution . in this paper , we approach these problems from a bayesian perspective covering general conjugate exponential models . our proposal makes use of non - conjugate hierarchical priors to explicitly model t ←
→ complexity of shift bribery in committee elections ; we study the ( parameterized ) complexity of shift bribery for multiwinner voting rules . we focus on sntv , bloc , k - borda , and chamberlin - courant , as well as on approximate variants of chamberlin - courant , since the original rule is np - hard to compute . we show that shift bribery tends to be significantly harder in the multiwinner setting than in the single - winner one by showing settings where shift bribery is easy in the single - winner cases , but is hard ( and ←
→ egosampling : wide view hyperlapse from egocentric videos ; the possibility of sharing one ' s point of view makes use of wearable cameras compelling . these videos are often long , boring and coupled with extreme shake , as the camera is worn on a moving person . fast forwarding ( i . e . frame sampling ) is a natural choice for quick video browsing . however , this accentuates the shake caused by natural head motion in an egocentric video , making the fast forwarded video useless . we propose egosampling , an adaptive fra ←
→ sequential labeling with online deep learning ; deep learning has attracted great attention recently and yielded the state of the art performance in dimension reduction and classification problems . however , it cannot effectively handle the structured output prediction , e . g . sequential labeling . in this paper , we propose a deep learning structure , which can learn discriminative features for sequential labeling problems . more specifically , we add the inter - relationship between labels in our deep learning stru ←
→ deformable convolutional networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are inherently limited to model geometric transformations due to the fixed geometric structures in its building modules . in this work , we introduce two new modules to enhance the transformation modeling capacity of cnns , namely , deformable convolution and deformable roi pooling . both are based on the idea of augmenting the spatial sampling locations in the modules with additional offsets and learning the offsets from target tasks , with ←
→ best - first heuristic search for multicore machines ; to harness modern multicore processors , it is imperative to develop parallel versions of fundamental algorithms . in this paper , we compare different approaches to parallel best - first search in a shared - memory setting . we present a new method , pbnf , that uses abstraction to partition the state space and to detect duplicate states without requiring frequent locking . pbnf allows speculative expansions when necessary to keep threads busy . we identify and fix ←
→ a logic for reasoning about upper probabilities ; we present a propositional logic to reason about the uncertainty of events , where the uncertainty is modeled by a set of probability measures assigning an interval of probability to each event . we give a sound and complete axiomatization for the logic , and show that the satisfiability problem is np - complete , no harder than satisfiability for propositional logic .←
→ ontology - based fuzzy markup language agent for student and robot co - learning ; an intelligent robot agent based on domain ontology , machine learning mechanism , and fuzzy markup language ( fml ) for students and robot co - learning is presented in this paper . the machine - human co - learning model is established to help various students learn the mathematical concepts based on their learning ability and performance . meanwhile , the robot acts as a teacher ' s assistant to co - learn with children in the class . the fml ←
→ learning long - term dependencies for action recognition with a biologically - inspired deep network ; despite a lot of research efforts devoted in recent years , how to efficiently learn long - term dependencies from sequences still remains a pretty challenging task . as one of the key models for sequence learning , recurrent neural network ( rnn ) and its variants such as long short term memory ( lstm ) and gated recurrent unit ( gru ) are still not powerful enough in practice . one possible reason is that they have on ←
→ generalized binary search for split - neighborly problems ; in sequential hypothesis testing , generalized binary search ( gbs ) greedily chooses the test with the highest information gain at each step . it is known that gbs obtains the gold standard query cost of $ o (\ log n )$ for problems satisfying the $ k $- neighborly condition , which requires any two tests to be connected by a sequence of tests where neighboring tests disagree on at most $ k $ hypotheses . in this paper , we introduce a weaker condition , split - neigh ←
→ non - rigid image registration using self - supervised fully convolutional networks without training data ; a novel non - rigid image registration algorithm is built upon fully convolutional networks ( fcns ) to optimize and learn spatial transformations between pairs of images to be registered in a self - supervised learning framework . different from most existing deep learning based image registration methods that learn spatial transformations from training data with known corresponding spatial transformations , o ←
→ psychological and normative theories of causal power and the probabilities of causes ; this paper ( 1 ) shows that the best supported current psychological theory ( cheng , 1997 ) of how human subjects judge the causal power or influence of variations in presence or absence of one feature on another , given data on their covariation , tacitly uses a bayes network which is either a noisy or gate ( for causes that promote the effect ) or a noisy and gate ( for causes that inhibit the effect ); ( 2 ) generalizes chengs the ←
→ automatic lexical semantic classification of nouns ; the work we present here addresses cue - based noun classification in english and spanish . its main objective is to automatically acquire lexical semantic information by classifying nouns into previously known noun lexical classes . this is achieved by using particular aspects of linguistic contexts as cues that identify a specific lexical class . here we concentrate on the task of identifying such cues and the theoretical background that allows for an assess ←
→ deep learning convolutional networks for multiphoton microscopy vasculature segmentation ; recently there has been an increasing trend to use deep learning frameworks for both 2d consumer images and for 3d medical images . however , there has been little effort to use deep frameworks for volumetric vascular segmentation . we wanted to address this by providing a freely available dataset of 12 annotated two - photon vasculature microscopy stacks . we demonstrated the use of deep learning framework consisting bot ←
→ eliciting disease data from wikipedia articles ; traditional disease surveillance systems suffer from several disadvantages , including reporting lags and antiquated technology , that have caused a movement towards internet - based disease surveillance systems . internet systems are particularly attractive for disease outbreaks because they can provide data in near real - time and can be verified by individuals around the globe . however , most existing systems have focused on disease monitoring and do not provide a ←
→ recent advances in zero - shot recognition ; with the recent renaissance of deep convolution neural networks , encouraging breakthroughs have been achieved on the supervised recognition tasks , where each class has sufficient training data and fully annotated training data . however , to scale the recognition to a large number of classes with few or now training samples for each class remains an unsolved problem . one approach to scaling up the recognition is to develop models capable of recognizing unseen categor ←
→ sparse representation - based open set recognition ; we propose a generalized sparse representation - based classification ( src ) algorithm for open set recognition where not all classes presented during testing are known during training . the src algorithm uses class reconstruction errors for classification . as most of the discriminative information for open set recognition is hidden in the tail part of the matched and sum of non - matched reconstruction error distributions , we model the tail of those two error d ←
→ sparse signal recovery with temporally correlated source vectors using sparse bayesian learning ; we address the sparse signal recovery problem in the context of multiple measurement vectors ( mmv ) when elements in each nonzero row of the solution matrix are temporally correlated . existing algorithms do not consider such temporal correlations and thus their performance degrades significantly with the correlations . in this work , we propose a block sparse bayesian learning framework which models the temporal ←
→ learning temporal embeddings for complex video analysis ; in this paper , we propose to learn temporal embeddings of video frames for complex video analysis . large quantities of unlabeled video data can be easily obtained from the internet . these videos possess the implicit weak label that they are sequences of temporally and semantically coherent images . we leverage this information to learn temporal embeddings for video frames by associating frames with the temporal context that they appear in . to do this ,←
→ note value recognition for piano transcription using markov random fields ; this paper presents a statistical method for use in music transcription that can estimate score times of note onsets and offsets from polyphonic midi performance signals . because performed note durations can deviate largely from score - indicated values , previous methods had the problem of not being able to accurately estimate offset score times ( or note values ) and thus could only output incomplete musical scores . based on observat ←
→ bidirectional lstm - crf models for sequence tagging ; in this paper , we propose a variety of long short - term memory ( lstm ) based models for sequence tagging . these models include lstm networks , bidirectional lstm ( bi - lstm ) networks , lstm with a conditional random field ( crf ) layer ( lstm - crf ) and bidirectional lstm with a crf layer ( bi - lstm - crf ). our work is the first to apply a bidirectional lstm crf ( denoted as bi - lstm - crf ) model to nlp benchmark sequence tagging data sets . we show that the bi - lstm - crf mode ←
→ topic supervised non - negative matrix factorization ; topic models have been extensively used to organize and interpret the contents of large , unstructured corpora of text documents . although topic models often perform well on traditional training vs . test set evaluations , it is often the case that the results of a topic model do not align with human interpretation . this interpretability fallacy is largely due to the unsupervised nature of topic models , which prohibits any user guidance on the results of a m ←
→ modality - bridge transfer learning for medical image classification ; this paper presents a new approach of transfer learning - based medical image classification to mitigate insufficient labeled data problem in medical domain . instead of direct transfer learning from source to small number of labeled target data , we propose a modality - bridge transfer learning which employs the bridge database in the same medical imaging acquisition modality as target database . by learning the projection function from source t ←
→ a review of features for the discrimination of twitter users : application to the prediction of offline influence ; many works related to twitter aim at characterizing its users in some way : role on the service ( spammers , bots , organizations , etc .), nature of the user ( socio - professional category , age , etc .), topics of interest , and others . however , for a given user classification problem , it is very difficult to select a set of appropriate features , because the many features described in the literature a ←
→ gaze2segment : a pilot study for integrating eye - tracking technology into medical image segmentation ; this study introduced a novel system , called gaze2segment , integrating biological and computer vision techniques to support radiologists ' reading experience with an automatic image segmentation task . during diagnostic assessment of lung ct scans , the radiologists ' gaze information were used to create a visual attention map . this map was then combined with a computer - derived saliency map , extracted from th ←
→ finite ltl synthesis is exptime - complete ; ltl synthesis -- the construction of a function to satisfy a logical specification formulated in linear temporal logic -- is a 2exptime - complete problem with relevant applications in controller synthesis and a myriad of artificial intelligence applications . in this research note we consider de giacomo and vardi ' s variant of the synthesis problem for ltl formulas interpreted over finite rather than infinite traces . rather surprisingly , given the existing claims on c ←
→ network - efficient distributed word2vec training system for large vocabularies ; word2vec is a popular family of algorithms for unsupervised training of dense vector representations of words on large text corpuses . the resulting vectors have been shown to capture semantic relationships among their corresponding words , and have shown promise in reducing a number of natural language processing ( nlp ) tasks to mathematical operations on these vectors . while heretofore applications of word2vec have centered aro ←
→ cnncomparator : comparative analytics of convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are widely used in many image recognition tasks due to their extraordinary performance . however , training a good cnn model can still be a challenging task . in a training process , a cnn model typically learns a large number of parameters over time , which usually results in different performance . often , it is difficult to explore the relationships between the learned parameters and the model performanc ←
→ learning monocular reactive uav control in cluttered natural environments ; autonomous navigation for large unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ) is fairly straight - forward , as expensive sensors and monitoring devices can be employed . in contrast , obstacle avoidance remains a challenging task for micro aerial vehicles ( mavs ) which operate at low altitude in cluttered environments . unlike large vehicles , mavs can only carry very light sensors , such as cameras , making autonomous navigation through obstacles much ←
→ calibration and internal no - regret with partial monitoring ; calibrated strategies can be obtained by performing strategies that have no internal regret in some auxiliary game . such strategies can be constructed explicitly with the use of blackwell ' s approachability theorem , in an other auxiliary game . we establish the converse : a strategy that approaches a convex $ b $- set can be derived from the construction of a calibrated strategy . we develop these tools in the framework of a game with partial monitoring ,←
→ learning to perform physics experiments via deep reinforcement learning ; when encountering novel objects , humans are able to infer a wide range of physical properties such as mass , friction and deformability by interacting with them in a goal driven way . this process of active interaction is in the same spirit as a scientist performing experiments to discover hidden facts . recent advances in artificial intelligence have yielded machines that can achieve superhuman performance in go , atari , natural language ←
→ multi - task classification hypothesis space with improved generalization bounds ; this paper presents a rkhs , in general , of vector - valued functions intended to be used as hypothesis space for multi - task classification . it extends similar hypothesis spaces that have previously considered in the literature . assuming this space , an improved empirical rademacher complexity - based generalization bound is derived . the analysis is itself extended to an mkl setting . the connection between the proposed hypothesis s ←
→ exploiting sublanguage and domain characteristics in a bootstrapping approach to lexicon and ontology creation ; it is very costly to build up lexical resources and domain ontologies . especially when confronted with a new application domain lexical gaps and a poor coverage of domain concepts are a problem for the successful exploitation of natural language document analysis systems that need and exploit such knowledge sources . in this paper we report about ongoing experiments with ` bootstrapping technique ←
→ spatial transformer networks ; convolutional neural networks define an exceptionally powerful class of models , but are still limited by the lack of ability to be spatially invariant to the input data in a computationally and parameter efficient manner . in this work we introduce a new learnable module , the spatial transformer , which explicitly allows the spatial manipulation of data within the network . this differentiable module can be inserted into existing convolutional architectures , giving neural network ←
→ dueling network architectures for deep reinforcement learning ; in recent years there have been many successes of using deep representations in reinforcement learning . still , many of these applications use conventional architectures , such as convolutional networks , lstms , or auto - encoders . in this paper , we present a new neural network architecture for model - free reinforcement learning . our dueling network represents two separate estimators : one for the state value function and one for the state - dependent a ←
→ topic model based multi - label classification from the crowd ; multi - label classification is a common supervised machine learning problem where each instance is associated with multiple classes . the key challenge in this problem is learning the correlations between the classes . an additional challenge arises when the labels of the training instances are provided by noisy , heterogeneous crowdworkers with unknown qualities . we first assume labels from a perfect source and propose a novel topic model where the ←
→ query efficient posterior estimation in scientific experiments via bayesian active learning ; a common problem in disciplines of applied statistics research such as astrostatistics is of estimating the posterior distribution of relevant parameters . typically , the likelihoods for such models are computed via expensive experiments such as cosmological simulations of the universe . an urgent challenge in these research domains is to develop methods that can estimate the posterior with few likelihood evaluatio ←
→ introduzione all ' intelligenza artificiale ; the paper presents an introduction to artificial intelligence ( ai ) in an accessible and informal but precise form . the paper focuses on the algorithmic aspects of the discipline , presenting the main techniques used in ai systems groped in symbolic and subsymbolic . the last part of the paper is devoted to the discussion ongoing among experts in the field and the public at large about on the advantages and disadvantages of ai and in particular on the possible danger ←
→ rasid : a robust wlan device - free passive motion detection system ; wlan device - free passive dfp indoor localization is an emerging technology enabling the localization of entities that do not carry any devices nor participate actively in the localization process using the already installed wireless infrastructure . this technology is useful for a variety of applications such as intrusion detection , smart homes and border protection . we present the design , implementation and evaluation of rasid , a dfp system ←
→ evolving chart pattern sensitive neural network based forex trading agents ; though machine learning has been applied to the foreign exchange market for algorithmic trading for quiet some time now , and neural networks ( nn ) have been shown to yield positive results , in most modern approaches the nn systems are optimized through traditional methods like the backpropagation algorithm for example , and their input signals are price lists , and lists composed of other technical indicator elements . the aim of this ←
→ feature selection with test cost constraint ; feature selection is an important preprocessing step in machine learning and data mining . in real - world applications , costs , including money , time and other resources , are required to acquire the features . in some cases , there is a test cost constraint due to limited resources . we shall deliberately select an informative and cheap feature subset for classification . this paper proposes the feature selection with test cost constraint problem for this issue . the ne ←
→ smart content recognition from images using a mixture of convolutional neural networks ; with rapid development of the internet , web contents become huge . most of the websites are publicly available , and anyone can access the contents from anywhere such as workplace , home and even schools . nevertheless , not all the web contents are appropriate for all users , especially children . an example of these contents is pornography images which should be restricted to certain age group . besides , these images are no ←
→ encoding source language with convolutional neural network for machine translation ; the recently proposed neural network joint model ( nnjm ) ( devlin et al ., 2014 ) augments the n - gram target language model with a heuristically chosen source context window , achieving state - of - the - art performance in smt . in this paper , we give a more systematic treatment by summarizing the relevant source information through a convolutional architecture guided by the target information . with different guiding signals during ←
→ proceedings of the fourth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 1988 ) ; this is the proceedings of the fourth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in minneapolis , mn , july 10 - 12 , 1988 ←
→ efficiency enhancement of genetic algorithms via building - block - wise fitness estimation ; this paper studies fitness inheritance as an efficiency enhancement technique for a class of competent genetic algorithms called estimation distribution algorithms . probabilistic models of important sub - solutions are developed to estimate the fitness of a proportion of individuals in the population , thereby avoiding computationally expensive function evaluations . the effect of fitness inheritance on the convergence t ←
→ when do luxury cars hit the road ? findings by a big data approach ; in this paper , we focus on studying the appearing time of different kinds of cars on the road . this information will enable us to infer the life style of the car owners . the results can further be used to guide marketing towards car owners . conventionally , this kind of study is carried out by sending out questionnaires , which is limited in scale and diversity . to solve this problem , we propose a fully automatic method to carry out this stud ←
→ relational association rules : getting warmer ; in recent years , the problem of association rule mining in transactional data has been well studied . we propose to extend the discovery of classical association rules to the discovery of association rules of conjunctive queries in arbitrary relational data , inspired by the warmr algorithm , developed by dehaspe and toivonen , that discovers association rules over a limited set of conjunctive queries . conjunctive query evaluation in relational databases is well un ←
→ primal view on belief propagation ; it is known that fixed points of loopy belief propagation ( bp ) correspond to stationary points of the bethe variational problem , where we minimize the bethe free energy subject to normalization and marginalization constraints . unfortunately , this does not entirely explain bp because bp is a dual rather than primal algorithm to solve the bethe variational problem -- beliefs are infeasible before convergence . thus , we have no better understanding of bp than as an algorithm ←
→ precise phase transition of total variation minimization ; characterizing the phase transitions of convex optimizations in recovering structured signals or data is of central importance in compressed sensing , machine learning and statistics . the phase transitions of many convex optimization signal recovery methods such as $\ ell_1 $ minimization and nuclear norm minimization are well understood through recent years ' research . however , rigorously characterizing the phase transition of total variation ( tv ) mini ←
→ exponential family graph matching and ranking ; we present a method for learning max - weight matching predictors in bipartite graphs . the method consists of performing maximum a posteriori estimation in exponential families with sufficient statistics that encode permutations and data features . although inference is in general hard , we show that for one very relevant application - web page ranking - exact inference is efficient . for general model instances , an appropriate sampler is readily available . contrar ←
→ minimal i - map mcmc for scalable structure discovery in causal dag models ; learning a bayesian network ( bn ) from data can be useful for decision - making or discovering causal relationships . however , traditional methods often fail in modern applications , which exhibit a larger number of observed variables than data points . the resulting uncertainty about the underlying network as well as the desire to incorporate prior information recommend a bayesian approach to learning the bn , but the highly combinatorial ←
→ better than real : complex - valued neural nets for mri fingerprinting ; the task of mri fingerprinting is to identify tissue parameters from complex - valued mri signals . the prevalent approach is dictionary based , where a test mri signal is compared to stored mri signals with known tissue parameters and the most similar signals and tissue parameters retrieved . such an approach does not scale with the number of parameters and is rather slow when the tissue parameter space is large . our first novel contributio ←
→ self - similarity based time warping ; in this work , we explore the problem of aligning two time - ordered point clouds which are spatially transformed and re - parameterized versions of each other . this has a diverse array of applications such as cross modal time series synchronization ( e . g . mocap to video ) and alignment of discretized curves in images . most other works that address this problem attempt to jointly uncover a spatial alignment and correspondences between the two point clouds , or to derive local in ←
→ word embeddings to enhance twitter gang member profile identification ; gang affiliates have joined the masses who use social media to share thoughts and actions publicly . interestingly , they use this public medium to express recent illegal actions , to intimidate others , and to share outrageous images and statements . agencies able to unearth these profiles may thus be able to anticipate , stop , or hasten the investigation of gang - related crimes . this paper investigates the use of word embeddings to help iden ←
→ measuring player ' s behaviour change over time in public goods game ; an important issue in public goods game is whether player ' s behaviour changes over time , and if so , how significant it is . in this game players can be classified into different groups according to the level of their participation in the public good . this problem can be considered as a concept drift problem by asking the amount of change that happens to the clusters of players over a sequence of game rounds . in this study we present a metho ←
→ exponential family embeddings ; word embeddings are a powerful approach for capturing semantic similarity among terms in a vocabulary . in this paper , we develop exponential family embeddings , a class of methods that extends the idea of word embeddings to other types of high - dimensional data . as examples , we studied neural data with real - valued observations , count data from a market basket analysis , and ratings data from a movie recommendation system . the main idea is to model each observation conditioned on ←
→ proposal - free network for instance - level object segmentation ; instance - level object segmentation is an important yet under - explored task . the few existing studies are almost all based on region proposal methods to extract candidate segments and then utilize object classification to produce final results . nonetheless , generating accurate region proposals itself is quite challenging . in this work , we propose a proposal - free network ( pfn ) to address the instance - level object segmentation problem , which outpu ←
→ efficient convolutional network learning using parametric log based dual - tree wavelet scatternet ; we propose a dtcwt scatternet convolutional neural network ( dtscnn ) formed by replacing the first few layers of a cnn network with a parametric log based dtcwt scatternet . the scatternet extracts edge based invariant representations that are used by the later layers of the cnn to learn high - level features . this improves the training of the network as the later layers can learn more complex patterns from the ←
→ towards faster training of global covariance pooling networks by iterative matrix square root normalization ; global covariance pooling in convolutional neural neworks has achieved impressive improvement over the classical first - order pooling . recent works have shown matrix square root normalization plays a central role in achieving state - of - the - art performance . however , existing methods depending heavily on eigenvalue decomposition ( eig ) or singular value decomposition ( svd ), suffering from inefficient t ←
→ efficient reconstruction of transmission probabilities in a spreading process from partial observations ; an important problem of reconstruction of diffusion network and transmission probabilities from the data has attracted a considerable attention in the past several years . a number of recent papers introduced efficient algorithms for the estimation of spreading parameters , based on the maximization of the likelihood of observed cascades , assuming that the full information for all the nodes in the netwo ←
→ self - supervised siamese learning on stereo image pairs for depth estimation in robotic surgery ; robotic surgery has become a powerful tool for performing minimally invasive procedures , providing advantages in dexterity , precision , and 3d vision , over traditional surgery . one popular robotic system is the da vinci surgical platform , which allows preoperative information to be incorporated into live procedures using augmented reality ( ar ). scene depth estimation is a prerequisite for ar , as accurate regist ←
→ ceai : ccm based email authorship identification model ; in this paper we present a model for email authorship identification ( eai ) by employing a cluster - based classification ( ccm ) technique . traditionally , stylometric features have been successfully employed in various authorship analysis tasks ; we extend the traditional feature - set to include some more interesting and effective features for email authorship identification ( e . g . the last punctuation mark used in an email , the tendency of an author to use c ←
→ color image retrieval using fuzzy measure hamming and s - tree ; this chapter approaches the image retrieval system on the base of the colors of image . it creates fuzzy signature to describe the color of image on color space hsv and builds fuzzy hamming distance ( fhd ) to evaluate the similarity between the images . in order to reduce the storage space and speed up the search of similar images , it aims to create s - tree to store fuzzy signature relies on fhd and builds image retrieval algorithm on s - tree . then , ←
→ video summarization using deep semantic features ; this paper presents a video summarization technique for an internet video to provide a quick way to overview its content . this is a challenging problem because finding important or informative parts of the original video requires to understand its content . furthermore the content of internet videos is very diverse , ranging from home videos to documentaries , which makes video summarization much more tough as prior knowledge is almost not available . to tackle ←
→ aba +: assumption - based argumentation with preferences ; we present aba +, a new approach to handling preferences in a well known structured argumentation formalism , assumption - based argumentation ( aba ). in aba +, preference information given over assumptions is incorporated directly into the attack relation , thus resulting in attack reversal . aba + conservatively extends aba and exhibits various desirable features regarding relationship among argumentation semantics as well as preference handling . we also intr ←
→ which graphical models are difficult to learn ? ; we consider the problem of learning the structure of ising models ( pairwise binary markov random fields ) from i . i . d . samples . while several methods have been proposed to accomplish this task , their relative merits and limitations remain somewhat obscure . by analyzing a number of concrete examples , we show that low - complexity algorithms systematically fail when the markov random field develops long - range correlations . more precisely , this phenomenon appears to ←
→ multiple -- instance learning : christoffel function approach to distribution regression problem ; a two -- step christoffel function based solution is proposed to distribution regression problem . on the first step , to model distribution of observations inside a bag , build christoffel function for each bag of observations . then , on the second step , build outcome variable christoffel function , but use the bag ' s christoffel function value at given point as the weight for the bag ' s outcome . the approach allows th ←
→ analysis of convolutional neural networks for document image classification ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are state - of - the - art models for document image classification tasks . however , many of these approaches rely on parameters and architectures designed for classifying natural images , which differ from document images . we question whether this is appropriate and conduct a large empirical study to find what aspects of cnns most affect performance on document images . among other results , we exceed ←
→ semantic segmentation with reverse attention ; recent development in fully convolutional neural network enables efficient end - to - end learning of semantic segmentation . traditionally , the convolutional classifiers are taught to learn the representative semantic features of labeled semantic objects . in this work , we propose a reverse attention network ( ran ) architecture that trains the network to capture the opposite concept ( i . e ., what are not associated with a target class ) as well . the ran is a three - branc ←
→ inductive policy selection for first - order mdps ; we select policies for large markov decision processes ( mdps ) with compact first - order representations . we find policies that generalize well as the number of objects in the domain grows , potentially without bound . existing dynamic - programming approaches based on flat , propositional , or first - order representations either are impractical here or do not naturally scale as the number of objects grows without bound . we implement and evaluate an alternative appro ←
→ affective facial expression processing via simulation : a probabilistic model ; understanding the mental state of other people is an important skill for intelligent agents and robots to operate within social environments . however , the mental processes involved in ` mind - reading ' are complex . one explanation of such processes is simulation theory - it is supported by a large body of neuropsychological research . yet , determining the best computational model or theory to use in simulation - style emotion detecti ←
→ least - squares temporal difference learning for the linear quadratic regulator ; reinforcement learning ( rl ) has been successfully used to solve many continuous control tasks . despite its impressive results however , fundamental questions regarding the sample complexity of rl on continuous problems remain open . we study the performance of rl in this setting by considering the behavior of the least - squares temporal difference ( lstd ) estimator on the classic linear quadratic regulator ( lqr ) problem from optim ←
→ residual conv - deconv grid network for semantic segmentation ; this paper presents gridnet , a new convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture for semantic image segmentation ( full scene labelling ). classical neural networks are implemented as one stream from the input to the output with subsampling operators applied in the stream in order to reduce the feature maps size and to increase the receptive field for the final prediction . however , for semantic image segmentation , where the task consists in provi ←
→ probabilistic state - dependent grammars for plan recognition ; techniques for plan recognition under uncertainty require a stochastic model of the plan - generation process . we introduce probabilistic state - dependent grammars ( psdgs ) to represent an agent ' s plan - generation process . the psdg language model extends probabilistic context - free grammars ( pcfgs ) by allowing production probabilities to depend on an explicit model of the planning agent ' s internal and external state . given a psdg description of the pla ←
→ learning spatiotemporal features with 3d convolutional networks ; we propose a simple , yet effective approach for spatiotemporal feature learning using deep 3 - dimensional convolutional networks ( 3d convnets ) trained on a large scale supervised video dataset . our findings are three - fold : 1 ) 3d convnets are more suitable for spatiotemporal feature learning compared to 2d convnets ; 2 ) a homogeneous architecture with small 3x3x3 convolution kernels in all layers is among the best performing architectures for 3d ←
→ near - optimal - sample estimators for spherical gaussian mixtures ; statistical and machine - learning algorithms are frequently applied to high - dimensional data . in many of these applications data is scarce , and often much more costly than computation time . we provide the first sample - efficient polynomial - time estimator for high - dimensional spherical gaussian mixtures . for mixtures of any $ k $ $ d $- dimensional spherical gaussians , we derive an intuitive spectral - estimator that uses $\ mathcal { o } _k \ bigl (\ frac { d \ l ←
→ lazy propagation in junction trees ; the efficiency of algorithms using secondary structures for probabilistic inference in bayesian networks can be improved by exploiting independence relations induced by evidence and the direction of the links in the original network . in this paper we present an algorithm that on - line exploits independence relations induced by evidence and the direction of the links in the original network to reduce both time and space costs . instead of multiplying the conditional probabi ←
→ associative long short - term memory ; we investigate a new method to augment recurrent neural networks with extra memory without increasing the number of network parameters . the system has an associative memory based on complex - valued vectors and is closely related to holographic reduced representations and long short - term memory networks . holographic reduced representations have limited capacity : as they store more information , each retrieval becomes noisier due to interference . our system in contrast creat ←
→ approximate ranking from pairwise comparisons ; a common problem in machine learning is to rank a set of n items based on pairwise comparisons . here ranking refers to partitioning the items into sets of pre - specified sizes according to their scores , which includes identification of the top - k items as the most prominent special case . the score of a given item is defined as the probability that it beats a randomly chosen other item . finding an exact ranking typically requires a prohibitively large number of c ←
→ accelerated stochastic subgradient methods under local error bound condition ; in this paper , we propose two {\ bf accelerated stochastic subgradient } methods for stochastic non - strongly convex optimization problems by leveraging a generic local error bound condition . the novelty of the proposed methods lies at smartly leveraging the recent historical solution to tackle the variance in the stochastic subgradient . the key idea of both methods is to iteratively solve the original problem approximately in a l ←
→ neural symbolic machines : learning semantic parsers on freebase with weak supervision ( short version ) ; extending the success of deep neural networks to natural language understanding and symbolic reasoning requires complex operations and external memory . recent neural program induction approaches have attempted to address this problem , but are typically limited to differentiable memory , and consequently cannot scale beyond small synthetic tasks . in this work , we propose the manager - programmer - computer fr ←
→ quantum cognition beyond hilbert space ii : applications ; the research on human cognition has recently benefited from the use of the mathematical formalism of quantum theory in hilbert space . however , cognitive situations exist which indicate that the hilbert space structure , and the associated born rule , would be insufficient to provide a satisfactory modeling of the collected data , so that one needs to go beyond hilbert space . in part i of this paper we follow this direction and present a general tension -←
→ circuit complexity and decompositions of global constraints ; we show that tools from circuit complexity can be used to study decompositions of global constraints . in particular , we study decompositions of global constraints into conjunctive normal form with the property that unit propagation on the decomposition enforces the same level of consistency as a specialized propagation algorithm . we prove that a constraint propagator has a a polynomial size decomposition if and only if it can be computed by a pol ←
→ pseudorehearsal in actor - critic agents ; catastrophic forgetting has a serious impact in reinforcement learning , as the data distribution is generally sparse and non - stationary over time . the purpose of this study is to investigate whether pseudorehearsal can increase performance of an actor - critic agent with neural - network based policy selection and function approximation in a pole balancing task and compare different pseudorehearsal approaches . we expect that pseudorehearsal assists learning even in such ←
→ deformable gans for pose - based human image generation ; in this paper we address the problem of generating person images conditioned on a given pose . specifically , given an image of a person and a target pose , we synthesize a new image of that person in the novel pose . in order to deal with pixel - to - pixel misalignments caused by the pose differences , we introduce deformable skip connections in the generator of our generative adversarial network . moreover , a nearest - neighbour loss is proposed instead of the ←
→ convolutional sparse coding : boundary handling revisited ; two different approaches have recently been proposed for boundary handling in convolutional sparse representations , avoiding potential boundary artifacts arising from the circular boundary conditions implied by the use of frequency domain solution methods by introducing a spatial mask into the convolutional sparse coding problem . in the present paper we show that , under certain circumstances , these methods fail in their design goal of avoiding bound ←
→ a formal model of dictionary structure and content ; we show that a general model of lexical information conforms to an abstract model that reflects the hierarchy of information found in a typical dictionary entry . we show that this model can be mapped into a well - formed xml document , and how the xsl transformation language can be used to implement a semantics defined over the abstract model to enable extraction and manipulation of the information in any format .←
→ tight variational bounds via random projections and i - projections ; information projections are the key building block of variational inference algorithms and are used to approximate a target probabilistic model by projecting it onto a family of tractable distributions . in general , there is no guarantee on the quality of the approximation obtained . to overcome this issue , we introduce a new class of random projections to reduce the dimensionality and hence the complexity of the original model . in the spirit ←
→ learning the enigma with recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) represent the state of the art in translation , image captioning , and speech recognition . they are also capable of learning algorithmic tasks such as long addition , copying , and sorting from a set of training examples . we demonstrate that rnns can learn decryption algorithms -- the mappings from plaintext to ciphertext -- for three polyalphabetic ciphers ( vigen \` ere , autokey , and enigma ). most notably , we demonstrate that a ←
→ automatic mammogram image breast region extraction and removal of pectoral muscle ; currently mammography is a most effective imaging modality used by radiologists for the screening of breast cancer . finding an accurate , robust and efficient breast region segmentation technique still remains a challenging problem in digital mammography . extraction of the breast profile region and the removal of pectoral muscle are essential pre - processing steps in computer aided diagnosis ( cad ) system for the diagnosis of ←
→ machine olfaction using time scattering of sensor multiresolution graphs ; in this paper we construct a learning architecture for high dimensional time series sampled by sensor arrangements . using a redundant wavelet decomposition on a graph constructed over the sensor locations , our algorithm is able to construct discriminative features that exploit the mutual information between the sensors . the algorithm then applies scattering networks to the time series graphs to create the feature space . we demonstrat ←
→ approximation algorithms for bregman co - clustering and tensor clustering ; in the past few years powerful generalizations to the euclidean k - means problem have been made , such as bregman clustering [ 7 ], co - clustering ( i . e ., simultaneous clustering of rows and columns of an input matrix ) [ 9 , 18 ], and tensor clustering [ 8 , 34 ]. like k - means , these more general problems also suffer from the np - hardness of the associated optimization . researchers have developed approximation algorithms of varying degrees of sophi ←
→ bayesian variable selection for globally sparse probabilistic pca ; sparse versions of principal component analysis ( pca ) have imposed themselves as simple , yet powerful ways of selecting relevant features of high - dimensional data in an unsupervised manner . however , when several sparse principal components are computed , the interpretation of the selected variables is difficult since each axis has its own sparsity pattern and has to be interpreted separately . to overcome this drawback , we propose a bayesian ←
→ modeling semantic relatedness using global relation vectors ; word embedding models such as glove rely on co - occurrence statistics from a large corpus to learn vector representations of word meaning . these vectors have proven to capture surprisingly fine - grained semantic and syntactic information . while we may similarly expect that co - occurrence statistics can be used to capture rich information about the relationships between different words , existing approaches for modeling such relationships have mostly ←
→ meaningful clustered forest : an automatic and robust clustering algorithm ; we propose a new clustering technique that can be regarded as a numerical method to compute the proximity gestalt . the method analyzes edge length statistics in the mst of the dataset and provides an a contrario cluster detection criterion . the approach is fully parametric on the chosen distance and can detect arbitrarily shaped clusters . the method is also automatic , in the sense that only a single parameter is left to the user . ←
→ toward parts - based scene understanding with pixel - support parts - sparse pictorial structures ; scene understanding remains a significant challenge in the computer vision community . the visual psychophysics literature has demonstrated the importance of interdependence among parts of the scene . yet , the majority of methods in computer vision remain local . pictorial structures have arisen as a fundamental parts - based model for some vision problems , such as articulated object detection . however , the form of cl ←
→ deep tracking on the move : learning to track the world from a moving vehicle using recurrent neural networks ; this paper presents an end - to - end approach for tracking static and dynamic objects for an autonomous vehicle driving through crowded urban environments . unlike traditional approaches to tracking , this method is learned end - to - end , and is able to directly predict a full unoccluded occupancy grid map from raw laser input data . inspired by the recently presented deeptracking approach [ ondruska , 2016 ←
→ consistency of community detection in multi - layer networks using spectral and matrix factorization methods ; we consider the problem of estimating a consensus community structure by combining information from multiple layers of a multi - layer network or multiple snapshots of a time - varying network . numerous methods have been proposed in the literature for the more general problem of multi - view clustering in the past decade based on the spectral clustering or a low - rank matrix factorization . as a general th ←
→ a graph laplacian regularization for hyperspectral data unmixing ; this paper introduces a graph laplacian regularization in the hyperspectral unmixing formulation . the proposed regularization relies upon the construction of a graph representation of the hyperspectral image . each node in the graph represents a pixel ' s spectrum , and edges connect spectrally and spatially similar pixels . the proposed graph framework promotes smoothness in the estimated abundance maps and collaborative estimation between homog ←
→ ontology - driven information extraction ; homogeneous unstructured data ( hud ) are collections of unstructured documents that share common properties , such as similar layout , common file format , or common domain of values . building on such properties , it would be desirable to automatically process hud to access the main information through a semantic layer -- typically an ontology -- called semantic view . hence , we propose an ontology - based approach for extracting semantically rich information from hud , by in ←
→ improved neural modeling of real - world systems using genetic algorithm based variable selection ; neural network models of real - world systems , such as industrial processes , made from sensor data must often rely on incomplete data . system states may not all be known , sensor data may be biased or noisy , and it is not often known which sensor data may be useful for predictive modelling . genetic algorithms may be used to help to address this problem by determining the near optimal subset of sensor variables m ←
→ computational ghost imaging using deep learning ; computational ghost imaging ( cgi ) is a single - pixel imaging technique that exploits the correlation between known random patterns and the measured intensity of light transmitted ( or reflected ) by an object . although cgi can obtain two - or three - dimensional images with a single or a few bucket detectors , the quality of the reconstructed images is reduced by noise due to the reconstruction of images from random patterns . in this study , we improve the quality ←
→ decision theory in an algebraic setting ; in decision theory an act is a function from a set of conditions to the set of real numbers . the set of conditions is a partition in some algebra of events . the expected value of an act can be calculated when a probability measure is given . we adopt an algebraic point of view by substituting the algebra of events with a finite distributive lattice and the probability measure with a lattice valuation . we introduce a partial order on acts that generalizes the dominanc ←
→ saliency guided end - to - end learning for weakly supervised object detection ; weakly supervised object detection ( wsod ), which is the problem of learning detectors using only image - level labels , has been attracting more and more interest . however , this problem is quite challenging due to the lack of location supervision . to address this issue , this paper integrates saliency into a deep architecture , in which the location in - formation is explored both explicitly and implicitly . specifically , we select high ←
→ asda : analyseur syntaxique du dialecte alg { é } rien dans un but d ' analyse s { é } mantique ; opinion mining and sentiment analysis in social media is a research issue having a great interest in the scientific community . however , before begin this analysis , we are faced with a set of problems . in particular , the problem of the richness of languages and dialects within these media . to address this problem , we propose in this paper an approach of construction and implementation of syntactic analyzer named asda . t ←
→ dxnat - deep neural networks for explaining non - recurring traffic congestion ; non - recurring traffic congestion is caused by temporary disruptions , such as accidents , sports games , adverse weather , etc . we use data related to real - time traffic speed , jam factors ( a traffic congestion indicator ), and events collected over a year from nashville , tn to train a multi - layered deep neural network . the traffic dataset contains over 900 million data records . the network is thereafter used to classify the real - tim ←
→ structured learning from partial annotations ; structured learning is appropriate when predicting structured outputs such as trees , graphs , or sequences . most prior work requires the training set to consist of complete trees , graphs or sequences . specifying such detailed ground truth can be tedious or infeasible for large outputs . our main contribution is a large margin formulation that makes structured learning from only partially annotated data possible . the resulting optimization problem is non - convex , y ←
→ completion of high order tensor data with missing entries via tensor - train decomposition ; in this paper , we aim at the completion problem of high order tensor data with missing entries . the existing tensor factorization and completion methods suffer from the curse of dimensionality when the order of tensor n >> 3 . to overcome this problem , we propose an efficient algorithm called tt - wopt ( tensor - train weighted optimization ) to find the latent core tensors of tensor data and recover the missing entries . ten ←
→ a supervised authorship attribution framework for bengali language ; authorship attribution is a long - standing problem in natural language processing . several statistical and computational methods have been used to find a solution to this problem . in this paper , we have proposed methods to deal with the authorship attribution problem in bengali .←
→ the largest compatible subset problem for phylogenetic data ; the phylogenetic tree construction is to infer the evolutionary relationship between species from the experimental data . however , the experimental data are often imperfect and conflicting each others . therefore , it is important to extract the motif from the imperfect data . the largest compatible subset problem is that , given a set of experimental data , we want to discard the minimum such that the remaining is compatible . the largest compatible su ←
→ race : large - scale reading comprehension dataset from examinations ; we present race , a new dataset for benchmark evaluation of methods in the reading comprehension task . collected from the english exams for middle and high school chinese students in the age range between 12 to 18 , race consists of near 28 , 000 passages and near 100 , 000 questions generated by human experts ( english instructors ), and covers a variety of topics which are carefully designed for evaluating the students ' ability in understanding a ←
→ using dissortative mating genetic algorithms to track the extrema of dynamic deceptive functions ; traditional genetic algorithms ( gas ) mating schemes select individuals for crossover independently of their genotypic or phenotypic similarities . in nature , this behaviour is known as random mating . however , non - random schemes - in which individuals mate according to their kinship or likeness - are more common in natural systems . previous studies indicate that , when applied to gas , negative assortative matin ←
→ complete stability analysis of a heuristic adp control design ; this paper provides new stability results for action - dependent heuristic dynamic programming ( adhdp ), using a control algorithm that iteratively improves an internal model of the external world in the autonomous system based on its continuous interaction with the environment . we extend previous results by adhdp control to the case of general multi - layer neural networks with deep learning across all layers . in particular , we show that the introd ←
→ meme as building block for evolutionary optimization of problem instances ; a significantly under - explored area of evolutionary optimization in the literature is the study of optimization methodologies that can evolve along with the problems solved . particularly , present evolutionary optimization approaches generally start their search from scratch or the ground - zero state of knowledge , independent of how similar the given new problem of interest is to those optimized previously . there has thus been the a ←
→ discriminative and efficient label propagation on complementary graphs for multi - object tracking ; given a set of detections , detected at each time instant independently , we investigate how to associate them across time . this is done by propagating labels on a set of graphs , each graph capturing how either the spatio - temporal or the appearance cues promote the assignment of identical or distinct labels to a pair of detections . the graph construction is motivated by a locally linear embedding of the detect ←
→ evidential reasoning in a network usage prediction testbed ; this paper reports on empirical work aimed at comparing evidential reasoning techniques . while there is prima facie evidence for some conclusions , this i6 work in progress ; the present focus is methodology , with the goal that subsequent results be meaningful . the domain is a network of unix * cycle servers , and the task is to predict properties of the state of the network from partial descriptions of the state . actual data from the network are take ←
→ an end - to - end architecture for keyword spotting and voice activity detection ; we propose a single neural network architecture for two tasks : on - line keyword spotting and voice activity detection . we develop novel inference algorithms for an end - to - end recurrent neural network trained with the connectionist temporal classification loss function which allow our model to achieve high accuracy on both keyword spotting and voice activity detection without retraining . in contrast to prior voice activity detect ←
→ experimentally comparing uncertain inference systems to probability ; this paper examines the biases and performance of several uncertain inference systems : mycin , a variant of mycin . and a simplified version of probability using conditional independence assumptions . we present axiomatic arguments for using minimum cross entropy inference as the best way to do uncertain inference . for mycin and its variant we found special situations where its performance was very good , but also situations where performance ←
→ exponential natural particle filter ; particle filter algorithm ( pf ) suffers from some problems such as the loss of particle diversity , the need for large number of particles , and the costly selection of the importance density functions . in this paper , a novel exponential natural particle filter ( xnpf ) is introduced to solve the above problems . in this approach , a state transitional probability with the use of natural gradient learning is proposed which balances exploration and exploitation more robustly . t ←
→ optimizing the cvar via sampling ; conditional value at risk ( cvar ) is a prominent risk measure that is being used extensively in various domains . we develop a new formula for the gradient of the cvar in the form of a conditional expectation . based on this formula , we propose a novel sampling - based estimator for the cvar gradient , in the spirit of the likelihood - ratio method . we analyze the bias of the estimator , and prove the convergence of a corresponding stochastic gradient descent algorithm to a local c ←
→ from pixels to object sequences : recurrent semantic instance segmentation ; we present a recurrent model for semantic instance segmentation that sequentially generates binary masks and their associated class probabilities for every object in an image . our proposed system is trainable end - to - end from an input image to a sequence of labeled masks and , compared to methods relying on object proposals , does not require post - processing steps on its output . we study the suitability of our recurrent model on thre ←
→ facial expression analysis under partial occlusion : a survey ; automatic machine - based facial expression analysis ( fea ) has made substantial progress in the past few decades driven by its importance for applications in psychology , security , health , entertainment and human computer interaction . the vast majority of completed fea studies are based on non - occluded faces collected in a controlled laboratory environment . automatic expression recognition tolerant to partial occlusion remains less understood , part ←
→ autoencoder - based holographic image restoration ; we propose a holographic image restoration method using an autoencoder , which is an artificial neural network . because holographic reconstructed images are often contaminated by direct light , conjugate light , and speckle noise , the discrimination of reconstructed images may be difficult . in this paper , we demonstrate the restoration of reconstructed images from holograms that record page data in holographic memory and qr codes by using the proposed method .←
→ phase transitions and backbones of the asymmetric traveling salesman problem ; in recent years , there has been much interest in phase transitions of combinatorial problems . phase transitions have been successfully used to analyze combinatorial optimization problems , characterize their typical - case features and locate the hardest problem instances . in this paper , we study phase transitions of the asymmetric traveling salesman problem ( atsp ), an np - hard combinatorial optimization problem that has many real -←
→ blinking molecule tracking ; we discuss a method for tracking individual molecules which globally optimizes the likelihood of the connections between molecule positions fast and with high reliability even for high spot densities and blinking molecules . our method works with cost functions which can be freely chosen to combine costs for distances between spots in space and time and which can account for the reliability of positioning a molecule . to this end , we describe a top - down polyhedral approach to the ←
→ using lip to gloss over faces in single - stage face detection networks ; this work shows that it is possible to fool / attack recent state - of - the - art face detectors which are based on the single - stage networks . successfully attacking face detectors could be a serious malware vulnerability when deploying a smart surveillance system utilizing face detectors . we show that existing adversarial perturbation methods are not effective to perform such an attack , especially when there are multiple faces in the input im ←
→ convex and network flow optimization for structured sparsity ; we consider a class of learning problems regularized by a structured sparsity - inducing norm defined as the sum of l_2 - or l_infinity - norms over groups of variables . whereas much effort has been put in developing fast optimization techniques when the groups are disjoint or embedded in a hierarchy , we address here the case of general overlapping groups . to this end , we present two different strategies : on the one hand , we show that the proximal op ←
→ learning by playing - solving sparse reward tasks from scratch ; we propose scheduled auxiliary control ( sac - x ), a new learning paradigm in the context of reinforcement learning ( rl ). sac - x enables learning of complex behaviors - from scratch - in the presence of multiple sparse reward signals . to this end , the agent is equipped with a set of general auxiliary tasks , that it attempts to learn simultaneously via off - policy rl . the key idea behind our method is that active ( learned ) scheduling and execution o ←
→ inducing domain - specific sentiment lexicons from unlabeled corpora ; a word ' s sentiment depends on the domain in which it is used . computational social science research thus requires sentiment lexicons that are specific to the domains being studied . we combine domain - specific word embeddings with a label propagation framework to induce accurate domain - specific sentiment lexicons using small sets of seed words , achieving state - of - the - art performance competitive with approaches that rely on hand - curated resou ←
→ matching - based selection with incomplete lists for decomposition multi - objective optimization ; the balance between convergence and diversity is a key issue of evolutionary multi - objective optimization . the recently proposed stable matching - based selection provides a new perspective to handle this balance under the framework of decomposition multi - objective optimization . in particular , the stable matching between subproblems and solutions , which achieves an equilibrium between their mutual preferences , im ←
→ dlau : a scalable deep learning accelerator unit on fpga ; as the emerging field of machine learning , deep learning shows excellent ability in solving complex learning problems . however , the size of the networks becomes increasingly large scale due to the demands of the practical applications , which poses significant challenge to construct a high performance implementations of deep learning neural networks . in order to improve the performance as well to maintain the low power cost , in this paper we design dl ←
→ an investigation of recurrent neural architectures for drug name recognition ; drug name recognition ( dnr ) is an essential step in the pharmacovigilance ( pv ) pipeline . dnr aims to find drug name mentions in unstructured biomedical texts and classify them into predefined categories . state - of - the - art dnr approaches heavily rely on hand crafted features and domain specific resources which are difficult to collect and tune . for this reason , this paper investigates the effectiveness of contemporary recurrent n ←
→ local utility elicitation in gai models ; structured utility models are essential for the effective representation and elicitation of complex multiattribute utility functions . generalized additive independence ( gai ) models provide an attractive structural model of user preferences , offering a balanced tradeoff between simplicity and applicability . while representation and inference with such models is reasonably well understood , elicitation of the parameters of such models has been studied less from a pract ←
→ classification of approaches and challenges of frequent subgraphs mining in biological networks ; understanding the structure and dynamics of biological networks is one of the important challenges in system biology . in addition , increasing amount of experimental data in biological networks necessitate the use of efficient methods to analyze these huge amounts of data . such methods require to recognize common patterns to analyze data . as biological networks can be modeled by graphs , the problem of common p ←
→ efficient construction of local parametric reduced order models using machine learning techniques ; reduced order models are computationally inexpensive approximations that capture the important dynamical characteristics of large , high - fidelity computer models of physical systems . this paper applies machine learning techniques to improve the design of parametric reduced order models . specifically , machine learning is used to develop feasible regions in the parameter space where the admissible target accur ←
→ the dichotomy for conservative constraint satisfaction is polynomially decidable ; given a fixed constraint language $\ gamma $, the conservative csp over $\ gamma $ ( denoted by c - csp ($\ gamma $)) is a variant of csp ($\ gamma $) where the domain of each variable can be restricted arbitrarily . a dichotomy is known for conservative csp : for every fixed language $\ gamma $, c - csp ($\ gamma $) is either in p or np - complete . however , the characterization of conservatively tractable languages is of algebraic nature and the ←
→ identifying nominals with no head match co - references using deep learning ; identifying nominals with no head match is a long - standing challenge in coreference resolution with current systems performing significantly worse than humans . in this paper we present a new neural network architecture which outperforms the current state - of - the - art system on the english portion of the conll 2012 shared task . this is done by using a logistic regression on features produced by two submodels , one of which is has the ←
→ criticality as it could be : organizational invariance as self - organized criticality in embodied agents ; this paper outlines a methodological approach for designing adaptive agents driving themselves near points of criticality . using a synthetic approach we construct a conceptual model that , instead of specifying mechanistic requirements to generate criticality , exploits the maintenance of an organizational structure capable of reproducing critical behavior . our approach exploits the well - known principle ←
→ evolving classifiers : methods for incremental learning ; the ability of a classifier to take on new information and classes by evolving the classifier without it having to be fully retrained is known as incremental learning . incremental learning has been successfully applied to many classification problems , where the data is changing and is not all available at once . in this paper there is a comparison between learn ++, which is one of the most recent incremental learning algorithms , and the new proposed met ←
→ search - space characterization for real - time heuristic search ; recent real - time heuristic search algorithms have demonstrated outstanding performance in video - game pathfinding . however , their applications have been thus far limited to that domain . we proceed with the aim of facilitating wider applications of real - time search by fostering a greater understanding of the performance of recent algorithms . we first introduce eight algorithm - independent complexity measures for search spaces and correlate their va ←
→ motion deblurring in the wild ; the task of image deblurring is a very ill - posed problem as both the image and the blur are unknown . moreover , when pictures are taken in the wild , this task becomes even more challenging due to the blur varying spatially and the occlusions between the object . due to the complexity of the general image model we propose a novel convolutional network architecture which directly generates the sharp image . this network is built in three stages , and exploits the benefits of pyramid ←
→ srpgan : perceptual generative adversarial network for single image super resolution ; single image super resolution ( sisr ) is to reconstruct a high resolution image from a single low resolution image . the sisr task has been a very attractive research topic over the last two decades . in recent years , convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based models have achieved great performance on sisr task . despite the breakthroughs achieved by using cnn models , there are still some problems remaining unsolved , such as h ←
→ neural machine translation leveraging phrase - based models in a hybrid search ; in this paper , we introduce a hybrid search for attention - based neural machine translation ( nmt ). a target phrase learned with statistical mt models extends a hypothesis in the nmt beam search when the attention of the nmt model focuses on the source words translated by this phrase . phrases added in this way are scored with the nmt model , but also with smt features including phrase - level translation probabilities and a target l ←
→ model transfer for tagging low - resource languages using a bilingual dictionary ; cross - lingual model transfer is a compelling and popular method for predicting annotations in a low - resource language , whereby parallel corpora provide a bridge to a high - resource language and its associated annotated corpora . however , parallel data is not readily available for many languages , limiting the applicability of these approaches . we address these drawbacks in our framework which takes advantage of cross - lingual wor ←
→ spot the difference by object detection ; in this paper , we propose a simple yet effective solution to a change detection task that detects the difference between two images , which we call " spot the difference ". our approach uses cnn - based object detection by stacking two aligned images as input and considering the differences between the two images as objects to detect . an early - merging architecture is used as the backbone network . our method is accurate , fast and robust while using very cheap annotation . ←
→ learning deep representations of medical images using siamese cnns with application to content - based image retrieval ; deep neural networks have been investigated in learning latent representations of medical images , yet most of the studies limit their approach in a single supervised convolutional neural network ( cnn ), which usually rely heavily on a large scale annotated dataset for training . to learn image representations with less supervision involved , we propose a deep siamese cnn ( scnn ) architecture ←
→ sparse signal recovery for binary compressed sensing by majority voting neural networks ; in this paper , we propose majority voting neural networks for sparse signal recovery in binary compressed sensing . the majority voting neural network is composed of several independently trained feedforward neural networks employing the sigmoid function as an activation function . our empirical study shows that a choice of a loss function used in training processes for the network is of prime importance . we found a lo ←
→ neural tree indexers for text understanding ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) process input text sequentially and model the conditional transition between word tokens . in contrast , the advantages of recursive networks include that they explicitly model the compositionality and the recursive structure of natural language . however , the current recursive architecture is limited by its dependence on syntactic tree . in this paper , we introduce a robust syntactic parsing - independent tree structured model , neural ←
→ synthesizing normalized faces from facial identity features ; we present a method for synthesizing a frontal , neutral - expression image of a person ' s face given an input face photograph . this is achieved by learning to generate facial landmarks and textures from features extracted from a facial - recognition network . unlike previous approaches , our encoding feature vector is largely invariant to lighting , pose , and facial expression . exploiting this invariance , we train our decoder network using only frontal , ←
→ mean - field theory of meta - learning ; we discuss here the mean - field theory for a cellular automata model of meta - learning . the meta - learning is the process of combining outcomes of individual learning procedures in order to determine the final decision with higher accuracy than any single learning method . our method is constructed from an ensemble of interacting , learning agents , that acquire and process incoming information using various types , or different versions of machine learning algorithms . the abst ←
→ logic programming for finding models in the logics of knowledge and its applications : a case study ; the logics of knowledge are modal logics that have been shown to be effective in representing and reasoning about knowledge in multi - agent domains . relatively few computational frameworks for dealing with computation of models and useful transformations in logics of knowledge ( e . g ., to support multi - agent planning with knowledge actions and degrees of visibility ) have been proposed . this paper explores the ←
→ rotunde - a smart meeting cinematography initiative : tools , datasets , and benchmarks for cognitive interpretation and control ; we construe smart meeting cinematography with a focus on professional situations such as meetings and seminars , possibly conducted in a distributed manner across socio - spatially separated groups . the basic objective in smart meeting cinematography is to interpret professional interactions involving people , and automatically produce dynamic recordings of discussions , debates , pres ←
→ sequence tutor : conservative fine - tuning of sequence generation models with kl - control ; this paper proposes a general method for improving the structure and quality of sequences generated by a recurrent neural network ( rnn ), while maintaining information originally learned from data , as well as sample diversity . an rnn is first pre - trained on data using maximum likelihood estimation ( mle ), and the probability distribution over the next token in the sequence learned by this model is treated as a prior pol ←
→ exploring sparsity in multi - class linear discriminant analysis ; recent studies in the literature have paid much attention to the sparsity in linear classification tasks . one motivation of imposing sparsity assumption on the linear discriminant direction is to rule out the noninformative features , making hardly contribution to the classification problem . most of those work were focused on the scenarios of binary classification . in the presence of multi - class data , preceding researches recommended individual ←
→ a hajj and umrah location classification system for video crowded scenes ; in this paper , a new automatic system for classifying ritual locations in diverse hajj and umrah video scenes is investigated . this challenging subject has mostly been ignored in the past due to several problems one of which is the lack of realistic annotated video datasets . huer dataset is defined to model six different hajj and umrah ritual locations [ 26 ]. the proposed hajj and umrah ritual location classifying system consists of ←
→ semantic types , lexical sorts and classifiers ; we propose a cognitively and linguistically motivated set of sorts for lexical semantics in a compositional setting : the classifiers in languages that do have such pronouns . these sorts are needed to include lexical considerations in a semantical analyser such as boxer or grail . indeed , all proposed lexical extensions of usual montague semantics to model restriction of selection , felicitous and infelicitous copredication require a rich and refined type system ←
→ a clustering approach to solving large stochastic matching problems ; in this work we focus on efficient heuristics for solving a class of stochastic planning problems that arise in a variety of business , investment , and industrial applications . the problem is best described in terms of future buy and sell contracts . by buying less reliable , but less expensive , buy ( supply ) contracts , a company or a trader can cover a position of more reliable and more expensive sell contracts . the goal is to maximize the e ←
→ correlating satellite cloud cover with sky cameras ; the role of clouds is manifold in understanding the various events in the atmosphere , and also in studying the radiative balance of the earth . the conventional manner of such cloud analysis is performed mainly via satellite images . however , because of its low temporal - and spatial - resolutions , ground - based sky cameras are now getting popular . in this paper , we study the relation between the cloud cover obtained from modis images , with the coverage obtain ←
→ direct estimation of the derivative of quadratic mutual information with application in supervised dimension reduction ; a typical goal of supervised dimension reduction is to find a low - dimensional subspace of the input space such that the projected input variables preserve maximal information about the output variables . the dependence maximization approach solves the supervised dimension reduction problem through maximizing a statistical dependence between projected input variables and output variables .←
→ grammar rules for the isizulu complex verb ; the isizulu verb is known for its morphological complexity , which is a subject for on - going linguistics research , as well as for prospects of computational use , such as controlled natural language interfaces , machine translation , and spellcheckers . to this end , we seek to answer the question as to what the precise grammar rules for the isizulu complex verb are ( and , by extension , the bantu verb morphology ). to this end , we iteratively specify the grammar as a con ←
→ dataset for the first evaluation on chinese machine reading comprehension ; machine reading comprehension ( mrc ) has become enormously popular recently and has attracted a lot of attention . however , existing reading comprehension datasets are mostly in english . to add diversity in reading comprehension datasets , in this paper we propose a new chinese reading comprehension dataset for accelerating related research in the community . the proposed dataset contains two different types : cloze - style reading compr ←
→ bt - nets : simplifying deep neural networks via block term decomposition ; recently , deep neural networks ( dnns ) have been regarded as the state - of - the - art classification methods in a wide range of applications , especially in image classification . despite the success , the huge number of parameters blocks its deployment to situations with light computing resources . researchers resort to the redundancy in the weights of dnns and attempt to find how fewer parameters can be chosen while preserving the accuracy at ←
→ missing data using decision forest and computational intelligence ; autoencoder neural network is implemented to estimate the missing data . genetic algorithm is implemented for network optimization and estimating the missing data . missing data is treated as missing at random mechanism by implementing maximum likelihood algorithm . the network performance is determined by calculating the mean square error of the network prediction . the network is further optimized by implementing decision forest . the impact o ←
→ diagnostic reasoning with a - prolog ; in this paper we suggest an architecture for a software agent which operates a physical device and is capable of making observations and of testing and repairing the device ' s components . we present simplified definitions of the notions of symptom , candidate diagnosis , and diagnosis which are based on the theory of action language ${\ cal al }$. the definitions allow one to give a simple account of the agent ' s behavior in which many of the agent ' s tasks are reduced to compu ←
→ sample and computationally efficient learning algorithms under s - concave distributions ; we provide new results for noise - tolerant and sample - efficient learning algorithms under $ s $- concave distributions . the new class of $ s $- concave distributions is a broad and natural generalization of log - concavity , and includes many important additional distributions , e . g ., the pareto distribution and $ t $- distribution . this class has been studied in the context of efficient sampling , integration , and optimization , but ←
→ a local density - based approach for local outlier detection ; this paper presents a simple but effective density - based outlier detection approach with the local kernel density estimation ( kde ). a relative density - based outlier score ( rdos ) is introduced to measure the local outlierness of objects , in which the density distribution at the location of an object is estimated with a local kde method based on extended nearest neighbors of the object . instead of using only $ k $ nearest neighbors , we further conside ←
→ riemannian dictionary learning and sparse coding for positive definite matrices ; data encoded as symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrices frequently arise in many areas of computer vision and machine learning . while these matrices form an open subset of the euclidean space of symmetric matrices , viewing them through the lens of non - euclidean riemannian geometry often turns out to be better suited in capturing several desirable data properties . however , formulating classical machine learning algorithms ←
→ fine - grained car detection for visual census estimation ; targeted socioeconomic policies require an accurate understanding of a country ' s demographic makeup . to that end , the united states spends more than 1 billion dollars a year gathering census data such as race , gender , education , occupation and unemployment rates . compared to the traditional method of collecting surveys across many years which is costly and labor intensive , data - driven , machine learning driven approaches are cheaper and faster -- with t ←
→ on requirements for programming exercises from an e - learning perspective ; in this work , we deal with the question of modeling programming exercises for novices pointing to an e - learning scenario . our purpose is to identify basic requirements , raise some key questions and propose potential answers from a conceptual perspective . presented as a general picture , we hypothetically situate our work in a general context where e - learning instructional material needs to be adapted to form part of an introductory co ←
→ variance adjusted actor critic algorithms ; we present an actor - critic framework for mdps where the objective is the variance - adjusted expected return . our critic uses linear function approximation , and we extend the concept of compatible features to the variance - adjusted setting . we present an episodic actor - critic algorithm and show that it converges almost surely to a locally optimal point of the objective function .←
→ a systematic analysis for state - of - the - art 3d lung nodule proposals generation ; lung nodule proposals generation is the primary step of lung nodule detection and has received much attention in recent years . in this paper , we first construct a model of 3 - dimension convolutional neural network ( 3d cnn ) to generate lung nodule proposals , which can achieve the state - of - the - art performance . then , we analyze a series of key problems concerning the training performance and efficiency . firstly , we train the 3d ←
→ noisy inductive matrix completion under sparse factor models ; inductive matrix completion ( imc ) is an important class of matrix completion problems that allows direct inclusion of available features to enhance estimation capabilities . these models have found applications in personalized recommendation systems , multilabel learning , dictionary learning , etc . this paper examines a general class of noisy matrix completion tasks where the underlying matrix is following an imc model i . e ., it is formed by a mixin ←
→ clad : a complex and long activities dataset with rich crowdsourced annotations ; this paper introduces a novel activity dataset which exhibits real - life and diverse scenarios of complex , temporally - extended human activities and actions . the dataset presents a set of videos of actors performing everyday activities in a natural and unscripted manner . the dataset was recorded using a static kinect 2 sensor which is commonly used on many robotic platforms . the dataset comprises of rgb - d images , point cloud da ←
→ a probabilistic approach for learning folksonomies from structured data ; learning structured representations has emerged as an important problem in many domains , including document and web data mining , bioinformatics , and image analysis . one approach to learning complex structures is to integrate many smaller , incomplete and noisy structure fragments . in this work , we present an unsupervised probabilistic approach that extends affinity propagation to combine the small ontological fragments into a collectio ←
→ scene - adapted plug - and - play algorithm with guaranteed convergence : applications to data fusion in imaging ; the recently proposed plug - and - play ( pnp ) framework allows leveraging recent developments in image denoising to tackle other , more involved , imaging inverse problems . in a pnp method , a black - box denoiser is plugged into an iterative algorithm , taking the place of a formal denoising step that corresponds to the proximity operator of some convex regularizer . while this approach offers flexibility and ←
→ a semi - supervised two - stage approach to learning from noisy labels ; the recent success of deep neural networks is powered in part by large - scale well - labeled training data . however , it is a daunting task to laboriously annotate an imagenet - like dateset . on the contrary , it is fairly convenient , fast , and cheap to collect training images from the web along with their noisy labels . this signifies the need of alternative approaches to training deep neural networks using such noisy labels . existing methods tac ←
→ deep learning for the classification of lung nodules ; deep learning , as a promising new area of machine learning , has attracted a rapidly increasing attention in the field of medical imaging . compared to the conventional machine learning methods , deep learning requires no hand - tuned feature extractor , and has shown a superior performance in many visual object recognition applications . in this study , we develop a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) and apply it to thoracic ct images for the classificati ←
→ an efficient algebraic solution to the perspective - three - point problem ; in this work , we present an algebraic solution to the classical perspective - 3 - point ( p3p ) problem for determining the position and attitude of a camera from observations of three known reference points . in contrast to previous approaches , we first directly determine the camera ' s attitude by employing the corresponding geometric constraints to formulate a system of trigonometric equations . this is then efficiently solved , following an a ←
→ information - theoretic bounded rationality ; bounded rationality , that is , decision - making and planning under resource limitations , is widely regarded as an important open problem in artificial intelligence , reinforcement learning , computational neuroscience and economics . this paper offers a consolidated presentation of a theory of bounded rationality based on information - theoretic ideas . we provide a conceptual justification for using the free energy functional as the objective function for characterizing ←
→ the limitations of standardized science tests as benchmarks for artificial intelligence research : position paper ; in this position paper , i argue that standardized tests for elementary science such as sat or regents tests are not very good benchmarks for measuring the progress of artificial intelligence systems in understanding basic science . the primary problem is that these tests are designed to test aspects of knowledge and ability that are challenging for people ; the aspects that are challenging for ←
→ gini - regularized optimal transport with an application to spatio - temporal forecasting ; rapidly growing product lines and services require a finer - granularity forecast that considers geographic locales . however the open question remains , how to assess the quality of a spatio - temporal forecast ? in this manuscript we introduce a metric to evaluate spatio - temporal forecasts . this metric is based on an opti - mal transport ( ot ) problem . the metric we propose is a constrained ot objec - tive function using the g ←
→ virtual rephotography : novel view prediction error for 3d reconstruction ; the ultimate goal of many image - based modeling systems is to render photo - realistic novel views of a scene without visible artifacts . existing evaluation metrics and benchmarks focus mainly on the geometric accuracy of the reconstructed model , which is , however , a poor predictor of visual accuracy . furthermore , using only geometric accuracy by itself does not allow evaluating systems that either lack a geometric scene representation ←
→ a generative model of words and relationships from multiple sources ; neural language models are a powerful tool to embed words into semantic vector spaces . however , learning such models generally relies on the availability of abundant and diverse training examples . in highly specialised domains this requirement may not be met due to difficulties in obtaining a large corpus , or the limited range of expression in average use . such domains may encode prior knowledge about entities in a knowledge base or ontol ←
→ learning dynamic boltzmann machines with spike - timing dependent plasticity ; we propose a particularly structured boltzmann machine , which we refer to as a dynamic boltzmann machine ( dybm ), as a stochastic model of a multi - dimensional time - series . the dybm can have infinitely many layers of units but allows exact and efficient inference and learning when its parameters have a proposed structure . this proposed structure is motivated by postulates and observations , from biological neural networks , that the ←
→ online domain adaptation for multi - object tracking ; automatically detecting , labeling , and tracking objects in videos depends first and foremost on accurate category - level object detectors . these might , however , not always be available in practice , as acquiring high - quality large scale labeled training datasets is either too costly or impractical for all possible real - world application scenarios . a scalable solution consists in re - using object detectors pre - trained on generic datasets . this work is the fir ←
→ guided interaction exploration in artifact - centric process models ; artifact - centric process models aim to describe complex processes as a collection of interacting artifacts . recent development in process mining allow for the discovery of such models . however , the focus is often on the representation of the individual artifacts rather than their interactions . based on event data we can automatically discover composite state machines representing artifact - centric processes . moreover , we provide ways of visu ←
→ a formal analysis of required cooperation in multi - agent planning ; research on multi - agent planning has been popular in recent years . while previous research has been motivated by the understanding that , through cooperation , multi - agent systems can achieve tasks that are unachievable by single - agent systems , there are no formal characterizations of situations where cooperation is required to achieve a goal , thus warranting the application of multi - agent systems . in this paper , we provide such a formal disc ←
→ a commentary on " the now - or - never bottleneck : a fundamental constraint on language ", by christiansen and chater ( 2016 ) ; in a recent article , christiansen and chater ( 2016 ) present a fundamental constraint on language , i . e . a now - or - never bottleneck that arises from our fleeting memory , and explore its implications , e . g ., chunk - and - pass processing , outlining a framework that promises to unify different areas of research . here we explore additional support for this constraint and suggest further connection ←
→ cross - domain multitask learning with latent probit models ; learning multiple tasks across heterogeneous domains is a challenging problem since the feature space may not be the same for different tasks . we assume the data in multiple tasks are generated from a latent common domain via sparse domain transforms and propose a latent probit model ( lpm ) to jointly learn the domain transforms , and the shared probit classifier in the common domain . to learn meaningful task relatedness and avoid over - fitting in cla ←
→ self - expressive decompositions for matrix approximation and clustering ; data - aware methods for dimensionality reduction and matrix decomposition aim to find low - dimensional structure in a collection of data . classical approaches discover such structure by learning a basis that can efficiently express the collection . recently , " self expression ", the idea of using a small subset of data vectors to represent the full collection , has been developed as an alternative to learning . here , we introduce a scalable m ←
→ learning to learn from noisy web videos ; understanding the simultaneously very diverse and intricately fine - grained set of possible human actions is a critical open problem in computer vision . manually labeling training videos is feasible for some action classes but doesn ' t scale to the full long - tailed distribution of actions . a promising way to address this is to leverage noisy data from web queries to learn new actions , using semi - supervised or " webly - supervised " approaches . however , these methods typic ←
→ unifying geometric features and facial action units for improved performance of facial expression analysis ; previous approaches to model and analyze facial expression analysis use three different techniques : facial action units , geometric features and graph based modelling . however , previous approaches have treated these technique separately . there is an interrelationship between these techniques . the facial expression analysis is significantly improved by utilizing these mappings between major geometric ←
→ predictive business process monitoring with lstm neural networks ; predictive business process monitoring methods exploit logs of completed cases of a process in order to make predictions about running cases thereof . existing methods in this space are tailor - made for specific prediction tasks . moreover , their relative accuracy is highly sensitive to the dataset at hand , thus requiring users to engage in trial - and - error and tuning when applying them in a specific setting . this paper investigates long short - t ←
→ group lasso with overlaps : the latent group lasso approach ; we study a norm for structured sparsity which leads to sparse linear predictors whose supports are unions of prede ned overlapping groups of variables . we call the obtained formulation latent group lasso , since it is based on applying the usual group lasso penalty on a set of latent variables . a detailed analysis of the norm and its properties is presented and we characterize conditions under which the set of groups associated with latent variable ←
→ a multiscale patch based convolutional network for brain tumor segmentation ; this article presents a multiscale patch based convolutional neural network for the automatic segmentation of brain tumors in multi - modality 3d mr images . we use multiscale deep supervision and inputs to train a convolutional network . we evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach on the brats 2017 segmentation challenge where we obtained dice scores of 0 . 755 , 0 . 900 , 0 . 782 and 95 % hausdorff distance of 3 . 63mm , 4 . 10mm , an ←
→ using a new parsimonious ahp methodology combined with the choquet integral : an application for evaluating social housing initiatives ; we propose a development of the analytic hierarchy process ( ahp ) permitting to use the methodology also in cases of decision problems with a very large number of alternatives evaluated with respect to several criteria . while the application of the original ahp method involves many pairwise comparisons between alternatives and criteria , our proposal is composed of three st ←
→ latest datasets and technologies presented in the workshop on grasping and manipulation datasets ; this paper reports the activities and outcomes in the workshop on grasping and manipulation datasets that was organized under the international conference on robotics and automation ( icra ) 2016 . the half day workshop was packed with nine invited talks , 12 interactive presentations , and one panel discussion with ten panelists . this paper summarizes all the talks and presentations and recaps what has been disc ←
→ invariant backpropagation : how to train a transformation - invariant neural network ; in many classification problems a classifier should be robust to small variations in the input vector . this is a desired property not only for particular transformations , such as translation and rotation in image classification problems , but also for all others for which the change is small enough to retain the object perceptually indistinguishable . we propose two extensions of the backpropagation algorithm that train a ne ←
→( dual ) hoops have unique halving ; continuous logic extends the multi - valued lukasiewicz logic by adding a halving operator on propositions . this extension is designed to give a more satisfactory model theory for continuous structures . the semantics of these logics can be given using specialisations of algebraic structures known as hoops . as part of an investigation into the metatheory of propositional continuous logic , we were indebted to prover9 for finding a proof of an important algebraic law .←
→ a new local adaptive thresholding technique in binarization ; image binarization is the process of separation of pixel values into two groups , white as background and black as foreground . thresholding plays a major in binarization of images . thresholding can be categorized into global thresholding and local thresholding . in images with uniform contrast distribution of background and foreground like document images , global thresholding is more appropriate . in degraded document images , where considerable back ←
→ towards deep semantic analysis of hashtags ; hashtags are semantico - syntactic constructs used across various social networking and microblogging platforms to enable users to start a topic specific discussion or classify a post into a desired category . segmenting and linking the entities present within the hashtags could therefore help in better understanding and extraction of information shared across the social media . however , due to lack of space delimiters in the hashtags ( e . g # nsavssnowden ), the segment ←
→ automatically selecting useful phrases for dialogue act tagging ; we present an empirical investigation of various ways to automatically identify phrases in a tagged corpus that are useful for dialogue act tagging . we found that a new method ( which measures a phrase ' s deviation from an optimally - predictive phrase ), enhanced with a lexical filtering mechanism , produces significantly better cues than manually - selected cue phrases , the exhaustive set of phrases in a training corpus , and phrases chosen by tradi ←
→ modeling the growth of fingerprints improves matching for adolescents ; we study the effect of growth on the fingerprints of adolescents , based on which we suggest a simple method to adjust for growth when trying to recover a juvenile ' s fingerprint in a database years later . based on longitudinal data sets in juveniles ' criminal records , we show that growth essentially leads to an isotropic rescaling , so that we can use the strong correlation between growth in stature and limbs to model the growth of finger ←
→ recurrent neural networks with specialized word embeddings for health - domain named - entity recognition ; background . previous state - of - the - art systems on drug name recognition ( dnr ) and clinical concept extraction ( cce ) have focused on a combination of text " feature engineering " and conventional machine learning algorithms such as conditional random fields and support vector machines . however , developing good features is inherently heavily time - consuming . conversely , more modern machine learning approaches ←
→ a foundation to perception computing , logic and automata ; in this report , a novel approach to intelligence and learning is introduced , this approach is based on what we call ' perception logic '. based on this logic , a computing mechanism and automata are introduced . multi - resolution analysis of perceptual information is given , in which learning is accomplished in at most o ( log ( n )) epochs , where n is the number of samples , and the convergence is guarnteed . this approach combines the favors of computational mo ←
→ learning by transduction ; we describe a method for predicting a classification of an object given classifications of the objects in the training set , assuming that the pairs object / classification are generated by an i . i . d . process from a continuous probability distribution . our method is a modification of vapnik ' s support - vector machine ; its main novelty is that it gives not only the prediction itself but also a practicable measure of the evidence found in support of that prediction . we also describe a pro ←
→ minimax policies for combinatorial prediction games ; we address the online linear optimization problem when the actions of the forecaster are represented by binary vectors . our goal is to understand the magnitude of the minimax regret for the worst possible set of actions . we study the problem under three different assumptions for the feedback : full information , and the partial information models of the so - called " semi - bandit ", and " bandit " problems . we consider both $ l_ \ infty $-, and $ l_2 $- type of restrict ←
→ dualing gans ; generative adversarial nets ( gans ) are a promising technique for modeling a distribution from samples . it is however well known that gan training suffers from instability due to the nature of its maximin formulation . in this paper , we explore ways to tackle the instability problem by dualizing the discriminator . we start from linear discriminators in which case conjugate duality provides a mechanism to reformulate the saddle point objective into a maximization problem , such that both the gene ←
→ deformable classifiers ; geometric variations of objects , which do not modify the object class , pose a major challenge for object recognition . these variations could be rigid as well as non - rigid transformations . in this paper , we design a framework for training deformable classifiers , where latent transformation variables are introduced , and a transformation of the object image to a reference instantiation is computed in terms of the classifier output , separately for each class . the classifier outputs for ←
→ arc - standard spinal parsing with stack - lstms ; we present a neural transition - based parser for spinal trees , a dependency representation of constituent trees . the parser uses stack - lstms that compose constituent nodes with dependency - based derivations . in experiments , we show that this model adapts to different styles of dependency relations , but this choice has little effect for predicting constituent structure , suggesting that lstms induce useful states by themselves .←
→ timed soft concurrent constraint programs : an interleaved and a parallel approach ; we propose a timed and soft extension of concurrent constraint programming . the time extension is based on the hypothesis of bounded asynchrony : the computation takes a bounded period of time and is measured by a discrete global clock . action prefixing is then considered as the syntactic marker which distinguishes a time instant from the next one . supported by soft constraints instead of crisp ones , tell and ask agents are ←
→ on the differential privacy of bayesian inference ; we study how to communicate findings of bayesian inference to third parties , while preserving the strong guarantee of differential privacy . our main contributions are four different algorithms for private bayesian inference on proba - bilistic graphical models . these include two mechanisms for adding noise to the bayesian updates , either directly to the posterior parameters , or to their fourier transform so as to preserve update consistency . we also utilise ←
→ a general framework for development of the cortex - like visual object recognition system : waves of spikes , predictive coding and universal dictionary of features ; this study is focused on the development of the cortex - like visual object recognition system . we propose a general framework , which consists of three hierarchical levels ( modules ). these modules functionally correspond to the v1 , v4 and it areas . both bottom - up and top - down connections between the hierarchical levels v4 and it are employed . th ←
→ boosted density estimation remastered ; there has recently been a steadily increase in the iterative approaches to boosted density estimation and sampling , usually proceeding by adding candidate " iterate " densities to a model that gets more accurate with iterations . the relative accompanying burst of formal convergence results has not yet changed a striking picture : all results essentially pay the price of heavy assumptions on iterates , often unrealistic or hard to check , and offer a blatant contrast with t ←
→ an enhancement neighborhood connected segmentation for 2d - cellular image ; a good segmentation result depends on a set of " correct " choice for the seeds . when the input images are noisy , the seeds may fall on atypical pixels that are not representative of the region statistics . this can lead to erroneous segmentation results . in this paper , an automatic seeded region growing algorithm is proposed for cellular image segmentation . first , the regions of interest ( rois ) extracted from the preprocessed image . se ←
→ realtime multi - person 2d pose estimation using part affinity fields ; we present an approach to efficiently detect the 2d pose of multiple people in an image . the approach uses a nonparametric representation , which we refer to as part affinity fields ( pafs ), to learn to associate body parts with individuals in the image . the architecture encodes global context , allowing a greedy bottom - up parsing step that maintains high accuracy while achieving realtime performance , irrespective of the number of people in ←
→ assumption - based approaches to reasoning with priorities ; this paper maps out the relation between different approaches for handling preferences in argumentation with strict rules and defeasible assumptions by offering translations between them . the systems we compare are : non - prioritized defeats i . e . attacks , preference - based defeats , and preference - based defeats extended with reverse defeat .←
→ spurious local minima are common in two - layer relu neural networks ; we consider the optimization problem associated with training simple relu neural networks of the form $\ mathbf { x }\ mapsto \ sum_ { i = 1 }^{ k }\ max \{ 0 ,\ mathbf { w } _i ^\ top \ mathbf { x }\}$ with respect to the squared loss . we provide a computer - assisted proof that even if the input distribution is standard gaussian , even if the dimension is unrestricted , and even if the target values are generated by such a network , with orthonormal parameter vectors , t ←
→ synthesizing realistic neural population activity patterns using generative adversarial networks ; the ability to synthesize realistic patterns of neural activity is crucial for studying neural information processing . here we used the generative adversarial networks ( gans ) framework to simulate the concerted activity of a population of neurons . we adapted the wasserstein - gan variant to facilitate the generation of unconstrained neural population activity patterns while still benefiting from parameter shar ←
→ stochastic optimization with importance sampling ; uniform sampling of training data has been commonly used in traditional stochastic optimization algorithms such as proximal stochastic gradient descent ( prox - sgd ) and proximal stochastic dual coordinate ascent ( prox - sdca ). although uniform sampling can guarantee that the sampled stochastic quantity is an unbiased estimate of the corresponding true quantity , the resulting estimator may have a rather high variance , which negatively affects the convergence of ←
→ bas : beetle antennae search algorithm for optimization problems ; meta - heuristic algorithms have become very popular because of powerful performance on the optimization problem . a new algorithm called beetle antennae search algorithm ( bas ) is proposed in the paper inspired by the searching behavior of longhorn beetles . the bas algorithm imitates the function of antennae and the random walking mechanism of beetles in nature , and then two main steps of detecting and searching are implemented . finally , the alg ←
→ deep learning can reverse photon migration for diffuse optical tomography ; can artificial intelligence ( ai ) learn complicated non - linear physics ? here we propose a novel deep learning approach that learns non - linear photon scattering physics and obtains accurate 3d distribution of optical anomalies . in contrast to the traditional black - box deep learning approaches to inverse problems , our deep network learns to invert the lippmann - schwinger integral equation which describes the essential physics of photo ←
→ effects of high - order co - occurrences on word semantic similarities ; a computational model of the construction of word meaning through exposure to texts is built in order to simulate the effects of co - occurrence values on word semantic similarities , paragraph by paragraph . semantic similarity is here viewed as association . it turns out that the similarity between two words w1 and w2 strongly increases with a co - occurrence , decreases with the occurrence of w1 without w2 or w2 without w1 , and slightly increas ←
→ topic segmentation and labeling in asynchronous conversations ; topic segmentation and labeling is often considered a prerequisite for higher - level conversation analysis and has been shown to be useful in many natural language processing ( nlp ) applications . we present two new corpora of email and blog conversations annotated with topics , and evaluate annotator reliability for the segmentation and labeling tasks in these asynchronous conversations . we propose a complete computational framework for topic segm ←
→ tv - svm : total variation support vector machine for semi - supervised data classification ; we introduce semi - supervised data classification algorithms based on total variation ( tv ), reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ), support vector machine ( svm ), cheeger cut , labeled and unlabeled data points . we design binary and multi - class semi - supervised classification algorithms . we compare the tv - based classification algorithms with the related laplacian - based algorithms , and show that tv classification perform ←
→ local canonical correlation analysis for nonlinear common variables discovery ; in this paper , we address the problem of hidden common variables discovery from multimodal data sets of nonlinear high - dimensional observations . we present a metric based on local applications of canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) and incorporate it in a kernel - based manifold learning technique . we show that this metric discovers the hidden common variables underlying the multimodal observations by estimating the euclidean di ←
→ deep and wide multiscale recursive networks for robust image labeling ; feedforward multilayer networks trained by supervised learning have recently demonstrated state of the art performance on image labeling problems such as boundary prediction and scene parsing . as even very low error rates can limit practical usage of such systems , methods that perform closer to human accuracy remain desirable . in this work , we propose a new type of network with the following properties that address what we hypothesize t ←
→ dataflow matrix machines as a generalization of recurrent neural networks ; dataflow matrix machines are a powerful generalization of recurrent neural networks . they work with multiple types of arbitrary linear streams , multiple types of powerful neurons , and allow to incorporate higher - order constructions . we expect them to be useful in machine learning and probabilistic programming , and in the synthesis of dynamic systems and of deterministic and probabilistic programs .←
→ towards biologically plausible deep learning ; neuroscientists have long criticised deep learning algorithms as incompatible with current knowledge of neurobiology . we explore more biologically plausible versions of deep representation learning , focusing here mostly on unsupervised learning but developing a learning mechanism that could account for supervised , unsupervised and reinforcement learning . the starting point is that the basic learning rule believed to govern synaptic weight updates ( spike - timing -←
→ tau - fpl : tolerance - constrained learning in linear time ; learning a classifier with control on the false - positive rate plays a critical role in many machine learning applications . existing approaches either introduce prior knowledge dependent label cost or tune parameters based on traditional classifiers , which lack consistency in methodology because they do not strictly adhere to the false - positive rate constraint . in this paper , we propose a novel scoring - thresholding approach , tau - false positive learning ←
→ structural drift : the population dynamics of sequential learning ; we introduce a theory of sequential causal inference in which learners in a chain estimate a structural model from their upstream teacher and then pass samples from the model to their downstream student . it extends the population dynamics of genetic drift , recasting kimura ' s selectively neutral theory as a special case of a generalized drift process using structured populations with memory . we examine the diffusion and fixation properties of ←
→ bags of local convolutional features for scalable instance search ; this work proposes a simple instance retrieval pipeline based on encoding the convolutional features of cnn using the bag of words aggregation scheme ( bow ). assigning each local array of activations in a convolutional layer to a visual word produces an \ textit { assignment map }, a compact representation that relates regions of an image with a visual word . we use the assignment map for fast spatial reranking , obtaining object localizations tha ←
→ fpgaconvnet : a toolflow for mapping diverse convolutional neural networks on embedded fpgas ; in recent years , convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) have become an enabling technology for a wide range of novel embedded artificial intelligence systems . across the range of applications , the performance needs vary significantly , from high - throughput video surveillance to the very low - latency requirements of autonomous cars . in this context , fpgas can provide a potential platform that can be optimally conf ←
→ gravitational clustering : a simple , robust and adaptive approach for distributed networks ; distributed signal processing for wireless sensor networks enables that different devices cooperate to solve different signal processing tasks . a crucial first step is to answer the question : who observes what ? recently , several distributed algorithms have been proposed , which frame the signal / object labelling problem in terms of cluster analysis after extracting source - specific features , however , the number of clu ←
→ an active search strategy for efficient object class detection ; object class detectors typically apply a window classifier to all the windows in a large set , either in a sliding window manner or using object proposals . in this paper , we develop an active search strategy that sequentially chooses the next window to evaluate based on all the information gathered before . this results in a substantial reduction in the number of classifier evaluations and in a more elegant approach in general . our search strate ←
→ memory - augmented attention modelling for videos ; we present a method to improve video description generation by modeling higher - order interactions between video frames and described concepts . by storing past visual attention in the video associated to previously generated words , the system is able to decide what to look at and describe in light of what it has already looked at and described . this enables not only more effective local attention , but tractable consideration of the video sequence while genera ←
→ doubly stochastic variational inference for deep gaussian processes ; gaussian processes ( gps ) are a good choice for function approximation as they are flexible , robust to over - fitting , and provide well - calibrated predictive uncertainty . deep gaussian processes ( dgps ) are multi - layer generalisations of gps , but inference in these models has proved challenging . existing approaches to inference in dgp models assume approximate posteriors that force independence between the layers , and do not work well in prac ←
→ on the complexity of semantic integration of owl ontologies ; we propose a new mechanism for integration of owl ontologies using semantic import relations . in contrast to the standard owl importing , we do not require all axioms of the imported ontologies to be taken into account for reasoning tasks , but only their logical implications over a chosen signature . this property comes natural in many ontology integration scenarios , especially when the number of ontologies is large . in this paper , we study the com ←
→ charge scheduling of an energy storage system under time - of - use pricing and a demand charge ; a real - coded genetic algorithm is used to schedule the charging of an energy storage system ( ess ), operated in tandem with renewable power by an electricity consumer who is subject to time - of - use pricing and a demand charge . simulations based on load and generation profiles of typical residential customers show that an ess scheduled by our algorithm can reduce electricity costs by approximately 17 %, compared to a ←
→ deep learning for predicting refractive error from retinal fundus images ; refractive error , one of the leading cause of visual impairment , can be corrected by simple interventions like prescribing eyeglasses . we trained a deep learning algorithm to predict refractive error from the fundus photographs from participants in the uk biobank cohort , which were 45 degree field of view images and the areds clinical trial , which contained 30 degree field of view images . our model use the " attention " method to ident ←
→ pairwise constraint propagation : a survey ; as one of the most important types of ( weaker ) supervised information in machine learning and pattern recognition , pairwise constraint , which specifies whether a pair of data points occur together , has recently received significant attention , especially the problem of pairwise constraint propagation . at least two reasons account for this trend : the first is that compared to the data label , pairwise constraints are more general and easily to collect , and the second ←
→ uniform learning in a deep neural network via " oddball " stochastic gradient descent ; when training deep neural networks , it is typically assumed that the training examples are uniformly difficult to learn . or , to restate , it is assumed that the training error will be uniformly distributed across the training examples . based on these assumptions , each training example is used an equal number of times . however , this assumption may not be valid in many cases . " oddball sgd " ( novelty - driven stochastic gradien ←
→ scalable machine translation in memory constrained environments ; machine translation is the discipline concerned with developing automated tools for translating from one human language to another . statistical machine translation ( smt ) is the dominant paradigm in this field . in smt , translations are generated by means of statistical models whose parameters are learned from bilingual data . scalability is a key concern in smt , as one would like to make use of as much data as possible to train better translati ←
→ unsupervised deep domain adaptation for pedestrian detection ; this paper addresses the problem of unsupervised domain adaptation on the task of pedestrian detection in crowded scenes . first , we utilize an iterative algorithm to iteratively select and auto - annotate positive pedestrian samples with high confidence as the training samples for the target domain . meanwhile , we also reuse negative samples from the source domain to compensate for the imbalance between the amount of positive samples and negative s ←
→ extended recommendation framework : generating the text of a user review as a personalized summary ; we propose to augment rating based recommender systems by providing the user with additional information which might help him in his choice or in the understanding of the recommendation . we consider here as a new task , the generation of personalized reviews associated to items . we use an extractive summary formulation for generating these reviews . we also show that the two information sources , ratings and i ←
→ ideogram based chinese sentiment word orientation computation ; this paper presents a novel algorithm to compute sentiment orientation of chinese sentiment word . the algorithm uses ideograms which are a distinguishing feature of chinese language . the proposed algorithm can be applied to any sentiment classification scheme . to compute a word ' s sentiment orientation using the proposed algorithm , only the word itself and a precomputed character ontology is required , rather than a corpus . the influence of three ←
→ generating conditional probabilities for bayesian networks : easing the knowledge acquisition problem ; the number of probability distributions required to populate a conditional probability table ( cpt ) in a bayesian network , grows exponentially with the number of parent - nodes associated with that table . if the table is to be populated through knowledge elicited from a domain expert then the sheer magnitude of the task forms a considerable cognitive barrier . in this paper we devise an algorithm to populate ←
→ behavior trees in robotics and ai : an introduction ; a behavior tree ( bt ) is a way to structure the switching between different tasks in an autonomous agent , such as a robot or a virtual entity in a computer game . bts are a very efficient way of creating complex systems that are both modular and reactive . these properties are crucial in many applications , which has led to the spread of bt from computer game programming to many branches of ai and robotics . in this book , we will first give an introduction to ←
→ liquidsvm : a fast and versatile svm package ; liquidsvm is a package written in c ++ that provides svm - type solvers for various classification and regression tasks . because of a fully integrated hyper - parameter selection , very carefully implemented solvers , multi - threading and gpu support , and several built - in data decomposition strategies it provides unprecedented speed for small training sizes as well as for data sets of tens of millions of samples . besides the c ++ api and a command line interface , binding ←
→ fast low - rank estimation by projected gradient descent : general statistical and algorithmic guarantees ; optimization problems with rank constraints arise in many applications , including matrix regression , structured pca , matrix completion and matrix decomposition problems . an attractive heuristic for solving such problems is to factorize the low - rank matrix , and to run projected gradient descent on the nonconvex factorized optimization problem . the goal of this problem is to provide a general theoretical ←
→ dendritic - inspired processing enables bio - plausible stdp in compound binary synapses ; brain - inspired learning mechanisms , e . g . spike timing dependent plasticity ( stdp ), enable agile and fast on - the - fly adaptation capability in a spiking neural network . when incorporating emerging nanoscale resistive non - volatile memory ( nvm ) devices , with ultra - low power consumption and high - density integration capability , a spiking neural network hardware would result in several orders of magnitude reduction in energy c ←
→ a variational bayesian state - space approach to online passive - aggressive regression ; online passive - aggressive ( pa ) learning is a class of online margin - based algorithms suitable for a wide range of real - time prediction tasks , including classification and regression . pa algorithms are formulated in terms of deterministic point - estimation problems governed by a set of user - defined hyperparameters : the approach fails to capture model / prediction uncertainty and makes their performance highly sensitive to hy ←
→ robust kronecker - decomposable component analysis for low - rank modeling ; dictionary learning and component analysis are part of one of the most well - studied and active research fields , at the intersection of signal and image processing , computer vision , and statistical machine learning . in dictionary learning , the current methods of choice are arguably k - svd and its variants , which learn a dictionary ( i . e ., a decomposition ) for sparse coding via singular value decomposition . in robust component analysis , le ←
→ inventory control involving unknown demand of discrete nonperishable items - analysis of a newsvendor - based policy ; inventory control with unknown demand distribution is considered , with emphasis placed on the case involving discrete nonperishable items . we focus on an adaptive policy which in every period uses , as much as possible , the optimal newsvendor ordering quantity for the empirical distribution learned up to that period . the policy is assessed using the regret criterion , which measures the price ←
→ writer identification using inexpensive signal processing techniques ; we propose to use novel and classical audio and text signal - processing and otherwise techniques for " inexpensive " fast writer identification tasks of scanned hand - written documents " visually ". the " inexpensive " refers to the efficiency of the identification process in terms of cpu cycles while preserving decent accuracy for preliminary identification . this is a comparative study of multiple algorithm combinations in a pattern recognition ←
→ on the semantics and complexity of probabilistic logic programs ; we examine the meaning and the complexity of probabilistic logic programs that consist of a set of rules and a set of independent probabilistic facts ( that is , programs based on sato ' s distribution semantics ). we focus on two semantics , respectively based on stable and on well - founded models . we show that the semantics based on stable models ( referred to as the " credal semantics ") produces sets of probability models that dominate infinitely m ←
→ new trends in neutrosophic theory and applications ; neutrosophic theory and applications have been expanding in all directions at an astonishing rate especially after the introduction the journal entitled neutrosophic sets and systems . new theories , techniques , algorithms have been rapidly developed . one of the most striking trends in the neutrosophic theory is the hybridization of neutrosophic set with other potential sets such as rough set , bipolar set , soft set , hesitant fuzzy set , etc . the different hy ←
→ visual explanation by interpretation : improving visual feedback capabilities of deep neural networks ; learning - based representations have become the defacto means to address computer vision tasks . despite their massive adoption , the amount of work aiming at understanding the internal representations learned by these models is rather limited . existing methods aimed at model interpretation either require exhaustive manual inspection of visualizations , or link internal network activations with external " pos ←
→ über die klassifizierung von knoten in dynamischen netzwerken mit inhalt ; this paper explains the dycos - algorithm as it was introduced in by aggarwal and li in 2011 . it operates on graphs whichs nodes are partially labeled and automatically adds missing labels to nodes . to do so , the dycos algorithm makes use of the structure of the graph as well as content which is assigned to the node . aggarwal and li measured in an experimental analysis that dycos adds the missing labels to a graph with 19396 nodes of ←
→ taking the redpill : artificial evolution in native x86 systems ; in analogon to successful artificial evolution simulations as tierra or avida , this text presents a way to perform artificial evolution in a native x86 system . the implementation of the artificial chemistry and first results of statistical experiments are presented .←
→ robust face alignment using a mixture of invariant experts ; face alignment , which is the task of finding the locations of a set of facial landmark points in an image of a face , is useful in widespread application areas . face alignment is particularly challenging when there are large variations in pose ( in - plane and out - of - plane rotations ) and facial expression . to address this issue , we propose a cascade in which each stage consists of a mixture of regression experts . each expert learns a customized regres ←
→ positive definite kernels in machine learning ; this survey is an introduction to positive definite kernels and the set of methods they have inspired in the machine learning literature , namely kernel methods . we first discuss some properties of positive definite kernels as well as reproducing kernel hibert spaces , the natural extension of the set of functions $\{ k ( x ,\ cdot ), x \ in \ mathcal { x }\}$ associated with a kernel $ k $ defined on a space $\ mathcal { x }$. we discuss at length the construction of kernel functi ←
→ train faster , generalize better : stability of stochastic gradient descent ; we show that parametric models trained by a stochastic gradient method ( sgm ) with few iterations have vanishing generalization error . we prove our results by arguing that sgm is algorithmically stable in the sense of bousquet and elisseeff . our analysis only employs elementary tools from convex and continuous optimization . we derive stability bounds for both convex and non - convex optimization under standard lipschitz and smoothnes ←
→ annotating high - level structures of short stories and personal anecdotes ; stories are a vital form of communication in human culture ; they are employed daily to persuade , to elicit sympathy , or to convey a message . computational understanding of human narratives , especially high - level narrative structures , remain limited to date . multiple literary theories for narrative structures exist , but operationalization of the theories has remained a challenge . we developed an annotation scheme by consolidating and ←
→ image retrieval with hierarchical matching pursuit ; a novel representation of images for image retrieval is introduced in this paper , by using a new type of feature with remarkable discriminative power . despite the multi - scale nature of objects , most existing models perform feature extraction on a fixed scale , which will inevitably degrade the performance of the whole system . motivated by this , we introduce a hierarchical sparse coding architecture for image retrieval to explore multi - scale cues . sparse co ←
→ relationship between diversity and perfomance of multiple classifiers for decision support ; the paper presents the investigation and implementation of the relationship between diversity and the performance of multiple classifiers on classification accuracy . the study is critical as to build classifiers that are strong and can generalize better . the parameters of the neural network within the committee were varied to induce diversity ; hence structural diversity is the focus for this study . the hidden node ←
→ ask the gru : multi - task learning for deep text recommendations ; in a variety of application domains the content to be recommended to users is associated with text . this includes research papers , movies with associated plot summaries , news articles , blog posts , etc . recommendation approaches based on latent factor models can be extended naturally to leverage text by employing an explicit mapping from text to factors . this enables recommendations for new , unseen content , and may generalize better , since the ←
→ a semantic network - based evolutionary algorithm for computational creativity ; we introduce a novel evolutionary algorithm ( ea ) with a semantic network - based representation . for enabling this , we establish new formulations of ea variation operators , crossover and mutation , that we adapt to work on semantic networks . the algorithm employs commonsense reasoning to ensure all operations preserve the meaningfulness of the networks , using conceptnet and wordnet knowledge bases . the algorithm can be interpreted ←
→ exploring transfer function nonlinearity in echo state networks ; supralinear and sublinear pre - synaptic and dendritic integration is considered to be responsible for nonlinear computation power of biological neurons , emphasizing the role of nonlinear integration as opposed to nonlinear output thresholding . how , why , and to what degree the transfer function nonlinearity helps biologically inspired neural network models is not fully understood . here , we study these questions in the context of echo state netw ←
→ networked stochastic multi - armed bandits with combinatorial strategies ; in this paper , we investigate a largely extended version of classical mab problem , called networked combinatorial bandit problems . in particular , we consider the setting of a decision maker over a networked bandits as follows : each time a combinatorial strategy , e . g ., a group of arms , is chosen , and the decision maker receives a reward resulting from her strategy and also receives a side bonus resulting from that strategy for each arm '←
→ towards reading hidden emotions : a comparative study of spontaneous micro - expression spotting and recognition methods ; micro - expressions ( mes ) are rapid , involuntary facial expressions which reveal emotions that people do not intend to show . studying mes is valuable as recognizing them has many important applications , particularly in forensic science and psychotherapy . however , analyzing spontaneous mes is very challenging due to their short duration and low intensity . automatic me analysis includes two ←
→ a machine learning approach for identifying patients with mild traumatic brain injury using diffusion mri modeling ; while diffusion mri has been extremely promising in the study of mtbi , identifying patients with recent mtbi remains a challenge . the literature is mixed with regard to localizing injury in these patients , however , gray matter such as the thalamus and white matter including the corpus callosum and frontal deep white matter have been repeatedly implicated as areas at high risk for injury . th ←
→ encoding of phonology in a recurrent neural model of grounded speech ; we study the representation and encoding of phonemes in a recurrent neural network model of grounded speech . we use a model which processes images and their spoken descriptions , and projects the visual and auditory representations into the same semantic space . we perform a number of analyses on how information about individual phonemes is encoded in the mfcc features extracted from the speech signal , and the activations of the layers of ←
→ a unified deep neural network for speaker and language recognition ; learned feature representations and sub - phoneme posteriors from deep neural networks ( dnns ) have been used separately to produce significant performance gains for speaker and language recognition tasks . in this work we show how these gains are possible using a single dnn for both speaker and language recognition . the unified dnn approach is shown to yield substantial performance improvements on the the 2013 domain adaptation challenge spea ←
→ advanced mean field theory of restricted boltzmann machine ; learning in restricted boltzmann machine is typically hard due to the computation of gradients of log - likelihood function . to describe the network state statistics of the restricted boltzmann machine , we develop an advanced mean field theory based on the bethe approximation . our theory provides an efficient message passing based method that evaluates not only the partition function ( free energy ) but also its gradients without requiring statistical ←
→ a system for probabilistic linking of thesauri and classification systems ; this paper presents a system which creates and visualizes probabilistic semantic links between concepts in a thesaurus and classes in a classification system . for creating the links , we build on the polylingual labeled topic model ( pll - tm ). pll - tm identifies probable thesaurus descriptors for each class in the classification system by using information from the natural language text of documents , their assigned thesaurus descripto ←
→ fact checking in community forums ; community question answering ( cqa ) forums are very popular nowadays , as they represent effective means for communities around particular topics to share information . unfortunately , this information is not always factual . thus , here we explore a new dimension in the context of cqa , which has been ignored so far : checking the veracity of answers to particular questions in cqa forums . as this is a new problem , we create a specialized dataset for it . we further propose a nove ←
→ crafting a multi - task cnn for viewpoint estimation ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) were recently shown to provide state - of - the - art results for object category viewpoint estimation . however different ways of formulating this problem have been proposed and the competing approaches have been explored with very different design choices . this paper presents a comparison of these approaches in a unified setting as well as a detailed analysis of the key factors that impact performance . followingly , we prese ←
→ an architecture for autonomously controlling robot with embodiment in real world ; in the real world , robots with embodiment face various issues such as dynamic continuous changes of the environment and input / output disturbances . the key to solving these issues can be found in daily life ; people ` do actions associated with sensing ' and ` dynamically change their plans when necessary '. we propose the use of a new concept , enabling robots to do these two things , for autonomously controlling mobile robots . we ←
→ auditing : active learning with outcome - dependent query costs ; we propose a learning setting in which unlabeled data is free , and the cost of a label depends on its value , which is not known in advance . we study binary classification in an extreme case , where the algorithm only pays for negative labels . our motivation are applications such as fraud detection , in which investigating an honest transaction should be avoided if possible . we term the setting auditing , and consider the auditing complexity of an a ←
→ optimized projections for compressed sensing via rank - constrained nearest correlation matrix ; optimizing the acquisition matrix is useful for compressed sensing of signals that are sparse in overcomplete dictionaries , because the acquisition matrix can be adapted to the particular correlations of the dictionary atoms . in this paper a novel formulation of the optimization problem is proposed , in the form of a rank - constrained nearest correlation matrix problem . furthermore , improvements for three existing ←
→ acceleration of the pdhgm on strongly convex subspaces ; we propose several variants of the primal - dual method due to chambolle and pock . without requiring full strong convexity of the objective functions , our methods are accelerated on subspaces with strong convexity . this yields mixed rates , $ o ( 1 / n ^ 2 )$ with respect to initialisation and $ o ( 1 / n )$ with respect to the dual sequence , and the residual part of the primal sequence . we demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed methods on image processing problems ←
→ feasibility of corneal imaging for handheld augmented reality ; smartphones are a popular device class for mobile augmented reality but suffer from a limited input space . around - device interaction techniques aim at extending this input space using various sensing modalities . in this paper we present our work towards extending the input area of mobile devices using front - facing device - centered cameras that capture reflections in the cornea . as current generation mobile devices lack high resolution front - faci ←
→ on local optima in learning bayesian networks ; this paper proposes and evaluates the k - greedy equivalence search algorithm ( kes ) for learning bayesian networks ( bns ) from complete data . the main characteristic of kes is that it allows a trade - off between greediness and randomness , thus exploring different good local optima . when greediness is set at maximum , kes corresponds to the greedy equivalence search algorithm ( ges ). when greediness is kept at minimum , we prove that under mild assumptions kes asympto ←
→ wireless interference identification with convolutional neural networks ; the steadily growing use of license - free frequency bands requires reliable coexistence management for deterministic medium utilization . for interference mitigation , proper wireless interference identification ( wii ) is essential . in this work we propose the first wii approach based upon deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). the cnn naively learns its features through self - optimization during an extensive data - driven gpu - based trai ←
→ an unsupervised bayesian approach for the joint reconstruction and classification of cutaneous reflectance confocal microscopy images ; this paper studies a new bayesian algorithm for the joint reconstruction and classification of reflectance confocal microscopy ( rcm ) images , with application to the identification of human skin lentigo . the proposed bayesian approach takes advantage of the distribution of the multiplicative speckle noise affecting the true reflectivity of these images and of appropriate p ←
→ emergence of structured behaviors from curiosity - based intrinsic motivation ; infants are experts at playing , with an amazing ability to generate novel structured behaviors in unstructured environments that lack clear extrinsic reward signals . we seek to replicate some of these abilities with a neural network that implements curiosity - driven intrinsic motivation . using a simple but ecologically naturalistic simulated environment in which the agent can move and interact with objects it sees , the agent lear ←
→ the power of deeper networks for expressing natural functions ; it is well - known that neural networks are universal approximators , but that deeper networks tend to be much more efficient than shallow ones . we shed light on this by proving that the total number of neurons $ m $ required to approximate natural classes of multivariate polynomials of $ n $ variables grows only linearly with $ n $ for deep neural networks , but grows exponentially when merely a single hidden layer is allowed . we also provide evidence t ←
→ automatic detection of non - deverbal event nouns for quick lexicon production ; in this work we present the results of our experimental work on the develop - ment of lexical class - based lexica by automatic means . the objective is to as - sess the use of linguistic lexical - class based information as a feature selection methodology for the use of classifiers in quick lexical development . the results show that the approach can help in re - ducing the human effort required in the development of language resources si ←
→ missforest - nonparametric missing value imputation for mixed - type data ; modern data acquisition based on high - throughput technology is often facing the problem of missing data . algorithms commonly used in the analysis of such large - scale data often depend on a complete set . missing value imputation offers a solution to this problem . however , the majority of available imputation methods are restricted to one type of variable only : continuous or categorical . for mixed - type data the different types are usual ←
→ poultry diseases expert system using dempster - shafer theory ; based on world health organization ( who ) fact sheet in the 2011 , outbreaks of poultry diseases especially avian influenza in poultry may raise global public health concerns due to their effect on poultry populations , their potential to cause serious disease in people , and their pandemic potential . in this research , we built a poultry diseases expert system using dempster - shafer theory . in this poultry diseases expert system we describe five sympt ←
→ inverse reinforcement learning with simultaneous estimation of rewards and dynamics ; inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) describes the problem of learning an unknown reward function of a markov decision process ( mdp ) from observed behavior of an agent . since the agent ' s behavior originates in its policy and mdp policies depend on both the stochastic system dynamics as well as the reward function , the solution of the inverse problem is significantly influenced by both . current irl approaches assume that ←
→ the extended littlestone ' s dimension for learning with mistakes and abstentions ; this paper studies classification with an abstention option in the online setting . in this setting , examples arrive sequentially , the learner is given a hypothesis class $\ mathcal h $, and the goal of the learner is to either predict a label on each example or abstain , while ensuring that it does not make more than a pre - specified number of mistakes when it does predict a label . previous work on this problem has left open t ←
→ cvpaper . challenge in 2016 : futuristic computer vision through 1 , 600 papers survey ; the paper gives futuristic challenges disscussed in the cvpaper . challenge . in 2015 and 2016 , we thoroughly study 1 , 600 + papers in several conferences / journals such as cvpr / iccv / eccv / nips / pami / ijcv .←
→ why is differential evolution better than grid search for tuning defect predictors ? ; context : one of the black arts of data mining is learning the magic parameters which control the learners . in software analytics , at least for defect prediction , several methods , like grid search and differential evolution ( de ), have been proposed to learn these parameters , which has been proved to be able to improve the performance scores of learners . objective : we want to evaluate which method can find better paramet ←
→ challenges of big data analysis ; big data bring new opportunities to modern society and challenges to data scientists . on one hand , big data hold great promises for discovering subtle population patterns and heterogeneities that are not possible with small - scale data . on the other hand , the massive sample size and high dimensionality of big data introduce unique computational and statistical challenges , including scalability and storage bottleneck , noise accumulation , spurious correlation , incidental endog ←
→ on the consistency of inversion - free parameter estimation for gaussian random fields ; gaussian random fields are a powerful tool for modeling environmental processes . for high dimensional samples , classical approaches for estimating the covariance parameters require highly challenging and massive computations , such as the evaluation of the cholesky factorization or solving linear systems . recently , anitescu , chen and stein \ cite { m . anitescu } proposed a fast and scalable algorithm which does not need such ←
→ when face recognition meets with deep learning : an evaluation of convolutional neural networks for face recognition ; deep learning , in particular convolutional neural network ( cnn ), has achieved promising results in face recognition recently . however , it remains an open question : why cnns work well and how to design a ' good ' architecture . the existing works tend to focus on reporting cnn architectures that work well for face recognition rather than investigate the reason . in this work , we conduct an exte ←
→ towards effective low - bitwidth convolutional neural networks ; this paper tackles the problem of training a deep convolutional neural network with both low - precision weights and low - bitwidth activations . optimizing a low - precision network is very challenging since the training process can easily get trapped in a poor local minima , which results in substantial accuracy loss . to mitigate this problem , we propose three simple - yet - effective approaches to improve the network training . first , we propose to use a ←
→ abstractive text summarization using sequence - to - sequence rnns and beyond ; in this work , we model abstractive text summarization using attentional encoder - decoder recurrent neural networks , and show that they achieve state - of - the - art performance on two different corpora . we propose several novel models that address critical problems in summarization that are not adequately modeled by the basic architecture , such as modeling key - words , capturing the hierarchy of sentence - to - word structure , and emitting wo ←
→ film : visual reasoning with a general conditioning layer ; we introduce a general - purpose conditioning method for neural networks called film : feature - wise linear modulation . film layers influence neural network computation via a simple , feature - wise affine transformation based on conditioning information . we show that film layers are highly effective for visual reasoning - answering image - related questions which require a multi - step , high - level process - a task which has proven difficult for standard deep ←
→ emotion recognition from speech with recurrent neural networks ; in this paper the task of emotion recognition from speech is considered . proposed approach uses deep recurrent neural network trained on a sequence of acoustic features calculated over small speech intervals . at the same time special probabilistic - nature ctc loss function allows to consider long utterances containing both emotional and unemotional parts . the effectiveness of such an approach is shown in two ways . first one is the comparison wi ←
→ inverse compositional spatial transformer networks ; in this paper , we establish a theoretical connection between the classical lucas & kanade ( lk ) algorithm and the emerging topic of spatial transformer networks ( stns ). stns are of interest to the vision and learning communities due to their natural ability to combine alignment and classification within the same theoretical framework . inspired by the inverse compositional ( ic ) variant of the lk algorithm , we present inverse compositional spatial transforme ←
→ fast video classification via adaptive cascading of deep models ; recent advances have enabled " oracle " classifiers that can classify across many classes and input distributions with high accuracy without retraining . however , these classifiers are relatively heavyweight , so that applying them to classify video is costly . we show that day - to - day video exhibits highly skewed class distributions over the short term , and that these distributions can be classified by much simpler models . we formulate the problem ←
→ an extensive repot on the efficiency of ais - inmaca ( a novel integrated maca based clonal classifier for protein coding and promoter region prediction ) ; this paper exclusively reports the efficiency of ais - inmaca . ais - inmaca has created good impact on solving major problems in bioinformatics like protein region identification and promoter region prediction with less time ( pokkuluri kiran sree , 2014 ). this ais - inmaca is now came with several variations ( pokkuluri kiran sree , 2014 ) towards projecting it a ←
→ nonmonotonic reasoning as a temporal activity ; a {\ it dynamic reasoning system } ( drs ) is an adaptation of a conventional formal logical system that explicitly portrays reasoning as a temporal activity , with each extralogical input to the system and each inference rule application being viewed as occurring at a distinct time step . every drs incorporates some well - defined logic together with a controller that serves to guide the reasoning process in response to user inputs . logics are generic , whereas contro ←
→ improving the interpretability of support vector machines - based fuzzy rules ; support vector machines ( svms ) and fuzzy rule systems are functionally equivalent under some conditions . therefore , the learning algorithms developed in the field of support vector machines can be used to adapt the parameters of fuzzy systems . extracting fuzzy models from support vector machines has the inherent advantage that the model does not need to determine the number of rules in advance . however , after the support vector ←
→ enhancing twitter data analysis with simple semantic filtering : example in tracking influenza - like illnesses ; systems that exploit publicly available user generated content such as twitter messages have been successful in tracking seasonal influenza . we developed a novel filtering method for influenza - like - illnesses ( ili )- related messages using 587 million messages from twitter micro - blogs . we first filtered messages based on syndrome keywords from the biocaster ontology , an extant knowledge model of lay ←
→ fast mesh - based medical image registration ; in this paper a fast triangular mesh based registration method is proposed . having template and reference images as inputs , the template image is triangulated using a content adaptive mesh generation algorithm . considering the pixel values at mesh nodes , interpolated using spline interpolation method for both of the images , the energy functional needed for image registration is minimized . the minimization process was achieved using a mesh based discretization of ←
→ parsenet : looking wider to see better ; we present a technique for adding global context to deep convolutional networks for semantic segmentation . the approach is simple , using the average feature for a layer to augment the features at each location . in addition , we study several idiosyncrasies of training , significantly increasing the performance of baseline networks ( e . g . from fcn ). when we add our proposed global feature , and a technique for learning normalization parameters , accuracy increases consisten ←
→ understanding the historic emergence of diversity in painting via color contrast ; painting is an art form that has long functioned as major channel for communication and creative expression . understanding how painting has evolved over the centuries is therefore an essential component for understanding cultural history , intricately linked with developments in aesthetics , science , and technology . the explosive growth in the ranges of stylistic diversity in painting starting in the nineteenth century , for e ←
→ video object segmentation without temporal information ; video object segmentation , and video processing in general , has been historically dominated by methods that rely on the temporal consistency and redundancy in consecutive video frames . when the temporal smoothness is suddenly broken , such as when an object is occluded , or some frames are missing in a sequence , the result of these methods can deteriorate significantly or they may not even produce any result at all . this paper explores the orthogonal ap ←
→ achieving privacy in the adversarial multi - armed bandit ; in this paper , we improve the previously best known regret bound to achieve $\ epsilon $- differential privacy in oblivious adversarial bandits from $\ mathcal { o }{( t ^{ 2 / 3 }/\ epsilon )}$ to $\ mathcal { o }{(\ sqrt { t } \ ln t /\ epsilon )}$. this is achieved by combining a laplace mechanism with exp3 . we show that though exp3 is already differentially private , it leaks a linear amount of information in $ t $. however , we can improve this privacy by relying on its intr ←
→ a unified view - graph selection framework for structure from motion ; view - graph is an essential input to large - scale structure from motion ( sfm ) pipelines . accuracy and efficiency of large - scale sfm is crucially dependent on the input view - graph . inconsistent or inaccurate edges can lead to inferior or wrong reconstruction . most sfm methods remove ` undesirable ' images and pairs using several , fixed heuristic criteria , and propose tailor - made solutions to achieve specific reconstruction objectives such as ef ←
→ tracking amendments to legislation and other political texts with a novel minimum - edit - distance algorithm : docutoads ; political scientists often find themselves tracking amendments to political texts . as different actors weigh in , texts change as they are drafted and redrafted , reflecting political preferences and power . this study provides a novel solution to the prob - lem of detecting amendments to political text based upon minimum edit distances . we demonstrate the usefulness of two language - insensiti ←
→ use of ensembles of fourier spectra in capturing recurrent concepts in data streams ; in this research , we apply ensembles of fourier encoded spectra to capture and mine recurring concepts in a data stream environment . previous research showed that compact versions of decision trees can be obtained by applying the discrete fourier transform to accurately capture recurrent concepts in a data stream . however , in highly volatile environments where new concepts emerge often , the approach of encoding each conc ←
→ positive neural networks in discrete time implement monotone - regular behaviors ; we study the expressive power of positive neural networks . the model uses positive connection weights and multiple input neurons . different behaviors can be expressed by varying the connection weights . we show that in discrete time , and in absence of noise , the class of positive neural networks captures the so - called monotone - regular behaviors , that are based on regular languages . a finer picture emerges if one takes into acc ←
→ deep multi - view learning to rank ; we study the problem of learning to rank from multiple sources . though multi - view learning and learning to rank have been studied extensively leading to a wide range of applications , multi - view learning to rank as a synergy of both topics has received little attention . the aim of the paper is to propose a composite ranking method while keeping a close correlation with the individual rankings simultaneously . we propose a multi - objective solution to ranking by capturing the ←
→ directed information graphs ; we propose a graphical model for representing networks of stochastic processes , the minimal generative model graph . it is based on reduced factorizations of the joint distribution over time . we show that under appropriate conditions , it is unique and consistent with another type of graphical model , the directed information graph , which is based on a generalization of granger causality . we demonstrate how directed information quantifies granger causality in a particular sequenti ←
→ simple question answering by attentive convolutional neural network ; this work focuses on answering single - relation factoid questions over freebase . each question can acquire the answer from a single fact of form ( subject , predicate , object ) in freebase . this task , simple question answering ( simpleqa ), can be addressed via a two - step pipeline : entity linking and fact selection . in fact selection , we match the subject entity in a fact candidate with the entity mention in the question by a character - level co ←
→ graph - sparse lda : a topic model with structured sparsity ; originally designed to model text , topic modeling has become a powerful tool for uncovering latent structure in domains including medicine , finance , and vision . the goals for the model vary depending on the application : in some cases , the discovered topics may be used for prediction or some other downstream task . in other cases , the content of the topic itself may be of intrinsic scientific interest . unfortunately , even using modern sparse techniq ←
→ ontological representations of software patterns ; this paper is based on and advocates the trend in software engineering of extending the use of software patterns as means of structuring solutions to software development problems ( be they motivated by best practice or by company interests and policies ). the paper argues that , on the one hand , this development requires tools for automatic organisation , retrieval and explanation of software patterns . on the other hand , that the existence of such tools itself ←
→ your two weeks of fame and your grandmother ' s ; did celebrity last longer in 1929 , 1992 or 2009 ? we investigate the phenomenon of fame by mining a collection of news articles that spans the twentieth century , and also perform a side study on a collection of blog posts from the last 10 years . by analyzing mentions of personal names , we measure each person ' s time in the spotlight , using two simple metrics that evaluate , roughly , the duration of a single news story about a person , and the overall duration of p ←
→ an empirical comparison of v - fold penalisation and cross validation for model selection in distribution - free regression ; model selection is a crucial issue in machine - learning and a wide variety of penalisation methods ( with possibly data dependent complexity penalties ) have recently been introduced for this purpose . however their empirical performance is generally not well documented in the literature . it is the goal of this paper to investigate to which extent such recent techniques can be successfully ←
→ improved estimation of high - dimensional ising models ; we consider the problem of jointly estimating the parameters as well as the structure of binary valued markov random fields , in contrast to earlier work that focus on one of the two problems . we formulate the problem as a maximization of $\ ell_1 $- regularized surrogate likelihood that allows us to find a sparse solution . our optimization technique efficiently incorporates the cutting - plane algorithm in order to obtain a tighter outer bound on the margina ←
→ update rules for parameter estimation in bayesian networks ; this paper re - examines the problem of parameter estimation in bayesian networks with missing values and hidden variables from the perspective of recent work in on - line learning [ kivinen & warmuth , 1994 ]. we provide a unified framework for parameter estimation that encompasses both on - line learning , where the model is continuously adapted to new data cases as they arrive , and the more traditional batch learning , where a pre - accumulated set of sampl ←
→ joint segmentation and deconvolution of ultrasound images using a hierarchical bayesian model based on generalized gaussian priors ; this paper proposes a joint segmentation and deconvolution bayesian method for medical ultrasound ( us ) images . contrary to piecewise homogeneous images , us images exhibit heavy characteristic speckle patterns correlated with the tissue structures . the generalized gaussian distribution ( ggd ) has been shown to be one of the most relevant distributions for characterizing the sp ←
→ an improved tabu search heuristic for static dial - a - ride problem ; multi - vehicle routing has become increasingly important with the rapid development of autonomous vehicle technology . dial - a - ride problem , a variant of vehicle routing problem ( vrp ), deals with the allocation of customer requests to vehicles , scheduling the pick - up and drop - off times and the sequence of serving those requests by ensuring high customer satisfaction with minimized travel cost . in this paper , we propose an improved tabu search (←
→ multiplier - less artificial neurons exploiting error resiliency for energy - efficient neural computing ; large - scale artificial neural networks have shown significant promise in addressing a wide range of classification and recognition applications . however , their large computational requirements stretch the capabilities of computing platforms . the fundamental components of these neural networks are the neurons and its synapses . the core of a digital hardware neuron consists of multiplier , accumulator and a ←
→ predicting the industry of users on social media ; automatic profiling of social media users is an important task for supporting a multitude of downstream applications . while a number of studies have used social media content to extract and study collective social attributes , there is a lack of substantial research that addresses the detection of a user ' s industry . we frame this task as classification using both feature engineering and ensemble learning . our industry - detection system uses both posted conten ←
→ games and big data : a scalable multi - dimensional churn prediction model ; the emergence of mobile games has caused a paradigm shift in the video - game industry . game developers now have at their disposal a plethora of information on their players , and thus can take advantage of reliable models that can accurately predict player behavior and scale to huge datasets . churn prediction , a challenge common to a variety of sectors , is particularly relevant for the mobile game industry , as player retention is crucia ←
→ outlier detection in large - scale traffic data by naïve bayes method and gaussian mixture model method ; it is meaningful to detect outliers in traffic data for traffic management . however , this is a massive task for people from large - scale database to distinguish outliers . in this paper , we present two methods : kernel smoothing na \" ive bayes ( nb ) method and gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) method to automatically detect any hardware errors as well as abnormal traffic events in traffic data collected at a four ←
→ digital color imaging ; this paper surveys current technology and research in the area of digital color imaging . in order to establish the background and lay down terminology , fundamental concepts of color perception and measurement are first presented us - ing vector - space notation and terminology . present - day color recording and reproduction systems are reviewed along with the common mathematical models used for representing these devices . algorithms for processing color images for display and communication ←
→ efficient forward propagation of time - sequences in convolutional neural networks using deep shifting ; when a convolutional neural network is used for on - the - fly evaluation of continuously updating time - sequences , many redundant convolution operations are performed . we propose the method of deep shifting , which remembers previously calculated results of convolution operations in order to minimize the number of calculations . the reduction in complexity is at least a constant and in the best case quadratic .←
→ learning latent permutations with gumbel - sinkhorn networks ; permutations and matchings are core building blocks in a variety of latent variable models , as they allow us to align , canonicalize , and sort data . learning in such models is difficult , however , because exact marginalization over these combinatorial objects is intractable . in response , this paper introduces a collection of new methods for end - to - end learning in such models that approximate discrete maximum - weight matching using the continuous sink ←
→ objective variables for probabilistic revenue maximization in second - price auctions with reserve ; many online companies sell advertisement space in second - price auctions with reserve . in this paper , we develop a probabilistic method to learn a profitable strategy to set the reserve price . we use historical auction data with features to fit a predictor of the best reserve price . this problem is delicate - the structure of the auction is such that a reserve price set too high is much worse than a reserve p ←
→ heterogeneous face attribute estimation : a deep multi - task learning approach ; face attribute estimation has many potential applications in video surveillance , face retrieval , and social media . while a number of methods have been proposed for face attribute estimation , most of them did not explicitly consider the attribute correlation and heterogeneity ( e . g ., ordinal vs . nominal and holistic vs . local ) during feature representation learning . in this paper , we present a deep multi - task learning ( dmtl ) appr ←
→ cascaded high dimensional histograms : a generative approach to density estimation ; we present tree - and list - structured density estimation methods for high dimensional binary / categorical data . our density estimation models are high dimensional analogies to variable bin width histograms . in each leaf of the tree ( or list ), the density is constant , similar to the flat density within the bin of a histogram . histograms , however , cannot easily be visualized in higher dimensions , whereas our models can . the a ←
→ handwritten urdu character recognition using 1 - dimensional blstm classifier ; the recognition of cursive script is regarded as a subtle task in optical character recognition due to its varied representation . every cursive script has different nature and associated challenges . as urdu is one of cursive language that is derived from arabic script , thats why it nearly shares the same challenges and difficulties even more harder . we can categorized urdu and arabic language on basis of its script they use . urd ←
→ minimum probability flow learning ; fitting probabilistic models to data is often difficult , due to the general intractability of the partition function and its derivatives . here we propose a new parameter estimation technique that does not require computing an intractable normalization factor or sampling from the equilibrium distribution of the model . this is achieved by establishing dynamics that would transform the observed data distribution into the model distribution , and then setting as the objective ←
→ multi - source neural translation ; we build a multi - source machine translation model and train it to maximize the probability of a target english string given french and german sources . using the neural encoder - decoder framework , we explore several combination methods and report up to + 4 . 8 bleu increases on top of a very strong attention - based neural translation model .←
→ bidirectional lstm - crf for clinical concept extraction ; extraction of concepts present in patient clinical records is an essential step in clinical research . the 2010 i2b2 / va workshop on natural language processing challenges for clinical records presented concept extraction ( ce ) task , with aim to identify concepts ( such as treatments , tests , problems ) and classify them into predefined categories . state - of - the - art ce approaches heavily rely on hand crafted features and domain specific resources which are h ←
→ exploring asymmetric encoder - decoder structure for context - based sentence representation learning ; context information plays an important role in human language understanding , and it is also useful for machines to learn vector representations of language . in this paper , we explore an asymmetric encoder - decoder structure for unsupervised context - based sentence representation learning . as a result , we build an encoder - decoder architecture with an rnn encoder and a cnn decoder . we further combine a suite of ←
→ hbst : a hamming distance embedding binary search tree for visual place recognition ; reliable and efficient visual place recognition is a major building block of modern slam systems . leveraging on our prior work , in this paper we present a hamming distance embedding binary search tree ( hbst ) approach for binary descriptor matching and image retrieval . hbst allows for descriptor search and insertion in logarithmic time by exploiting particular properties of binary feature descriptors . we support the idea b ←
→ performance evaluation of random set based pedestrian tracking algorithms ; the paper evaluates the error performance of three random finite set based multi - object trackers in the context of pedestrian video tracking . the evaluation is carried out using a publicly available video dataset of 4500 frames ( town centre street ) for which the ground truth is available . the input to all pedestrian tracking algorithms is an identical set of head and body detections , obtained using the histogram of oriented gradie ←
→ vr - sgd : a simple stochastic variance reduction method for machine learning ; in this paper , we propose a simple variant of the original svrg , called variance reduced stochastic gradient descent ( vr - sgd ). unlike the choices of snapshot and starting points in svrg and its proximal variant , prox - svrg , the two vectors of vr - sgd are set to the average and last iterate of the previous epoch , respectively . the settings allow us to use much larger learning rates , and also make our convergence analysis more challe ←
→ efficient sample reuse in policy gradients with parameter - based exploration ; the policy gradient approach is a flexible and powerful reinforcement learning method particularly for problems with continuous actions such as robot control . a common challenge in this scenario is how to reduce the variance of policy gradient estimates for reliable policy updates . in this paper , we combine the following three ideas and give a highly effective policy gradient method : ( a ) the policy gradients with parameter based ←
→ online learning for changing environments using coin betting ; a key challenge in online learning is that classical algorithms can be slow to adapt to changing environments . recent studies have proposed " meta " algorithms that convert any online learning algorithm to one that is adaptive to changing environments , where the adaptivity is analyzed in a quantity called the strongly - adaptive regret . this paper describes a new meta algorithm that has a strongly - adaptive regret bound that is a factor of $\ sqrt {\ lo ←
→ shape analysis using fractal dimension : a curvature based approach ; the present work shows a novel fractal dimension method for shape analysis . the proposed technique extracts descriptors from the shape by applying a multiscale approach to the calculus of the fractal dimension of that shape . the fractal dimension is obtained by the application of the curvature scale - space technique to the original shape . through the application of a multiscale transform to the dimension calculus , it is obtained a set of nu ←
→ a pyramidal evolutionary algorithm with different inter - agent partnering strategies for scheduling problems ; this paper combines the idea of a hierarchical distributed genetic algorithm with different inter - agent partnering strategies . cascading clusters of sub - populations are built from bottom up , with higher - level sub - populations optimising larger parts of the problem . hence higher - level sub - populations search a larger search space with a lower resolution whilst lower - level sub - populations search a sma ←
→ fast randomized kernel methods with statistical guarantees ; one approach to improving the running time of kernel - based machine learning methods is to build a small sketch of the input and use it in lieu of the full kernel matrix in the machine learning task of interest . here , we describe a version of this approach that comes with running time guarantees as well as improved guarantees on its statistical performance . by extending the notion of \ emph { statistical leverage scores } to the setting of kernel ridge ←
→ building machines that learn and think like people ; recent progress in artificial intelligence ( ai ) has renewed interest in building systems that learn and think like people . many advances have come from using deep neural networks trained end - to - end in tasks such as object recognition , video games , and board games , achieving performance that equals or even beats humans in some respects . despite their biological inspiration and performance achievements , these systems differ from human intelligence in crucia ←
→ scalable learning of non - decomposable objectives ; modern retrieval systems are often driven by an underlying machine learning model . the goal of such systems is to identify and possibly rank the few most relevant items for a given query or context . thus , such systems are typically evaluated using a ranking - based performance metric such as the area under the precision - recall curve , the $ f_ \ beta $ score , precision at fixed recall , etc . obviously , it is desirable to train such systems to optimize the metric of ←
→ by - passing the kohn - sham equations with machine learning ; last year , at least 30 , 000 scientific papers used the kohn - sham scheme of density functional theory to solve electronic structure problems in a wide variety of scientific fields , ranging from materials science to biochemistry to astrophysics . machine learning holds the promise of learning the kinetic energy functional via examples , by - passing the need to solve the kohn - sham equations . this should yield substantial savings in computer time , allowing ←
→ maskgan : better text generation via filling in the______ ; neural text generation models are often autoregressive language models or seq2seq models . these models generate text by sampling words sequentially , with each word conditioned on the previous word , and are state - of - the - art for several machine translation and summarization benchmarks . these benchmarks are often defined by validation perplexity even though this is not a direct measure of the quality of the generated text . additionally , these models ar ←
→ methods for mapping forest disturbance and degradation from optical earth observation data : a review ; purpose of review : this paper presents a review of the current state of the art in remote sensing based monitoring of forest disturbances and forest degradation from optical earth observation data . part one comprises an overview of currently available optical remote sensing sensors , which can be used for forest disturbance and degradation mapping . part two reviews the two main categories of existing appr ←
→ the performance of the batch learner algorithm ; we analyze completely the convergence speed of the \ emph { batch learning algorithm }, and compare its speed to that of the memoryless learning algorithm and of learning with memory . we show that the batch learning algorithm is never worse than the memoryless learning algorithm ( at least asymptotically ). its performance \ emph { vis - a - vis } learning with full memory is less clearcut , and depends on certain probabilistic assumptions .←
→ robust sketching for multiple square - root lasso problems ; many learning tasks , such as cross - validation , parameter search , or leave - one - out analysis , involve multiple instances of similar problems , each instance sharing a large part of learning data with the others . we introduce a robust framework for solving multiple square - root lasso problems , based on a sketch of the learning data that uses low - rank approximations . our approach allows a dramatic reduction in computational effort , in effect reducing the ←
→ embedding conditional event algebras into temporal calculus of conditionals ; in this paper we prove that all the existing conditional event algebras embed into a three - valued extension of temporal logic of discrete past time , which the authors of this paper have proposed in anothe paper as a general model of conditional events . first of all , we discuss the descriptive incompleteness of the cea ' s . in this direction , we show that some important notions , like independence of conditional events , cannot be ←
→ deep hashing with category mask for fast video retrieval ; this paper proposes an end - to - end deep hashing framework with category mask for fast video retrieval . we train our network in a supervised way by fully exploiting inter - class diversity and intra - class identity . classification loss is optimized to maximize inter - class diversity , while intra - pair is introduced to learn representative intra - class identity . we investigate the binary bits distribution related to categories and find out that the effective ←
→ implementing resolute choice under uncertainty ; the adaptation to situations of sequential choice under uncertainty of decision criteria which deviate from ( subjective ) expected utility raises the problem of ensuring the selection of a nondominated strategy . in particular , when following the suggestion of machina and mcclennen of giving up separability ( also known as consequentialism ), which requires the choice of a substrategy in a subtree to depend only on data relevant to that subtree , one must renounce ←
→ a distributed frank - wolfe framework for learning low - rank matrices with the trace norm ; we consider the problem of learning a high - dimensional but low - rank matrix from a large - scale dataset distributed over several machines , where low - rankness is enforced by a convex trace norm constraint . we propose dfw - trace , a distributed frank - wolfe algorithm which leverages the low - rank structure of its updates to achieve efficiency in time , memory and communication usage . the step at the heart of dfw - trace is solve ←
→ calibration of an articulated camera system with scale factor estimation ; multiple camera systems ( mcs ) have been widely used in many vision applications and attracted much attention recently . there are two principle types of mcs , one is the rigid multiple camera system ( rmcs ); the other is the articulated camera system ( acs ). in a rmcs , the relative poses ( relative 3 - d position and orientation ) between the cameras are invariant . while , in an acs , the cameras are articulated through movable joints , the rel ←
→ are you talking to me ? reasoned visual dialog generation through adversarial learning ; the visual dialogue task requires an agent to engage in a conversation about an image with a human . it represents an extension of the visual question answering task in that the agent needs to answer a question about an image , but it needs to do so in light of the previous dialogue that has taken place . the key challenge in visual dialogue is thus maintaining a consistent , and natural dialogue while continuing to answer ←
→ subic : a supervised , structured binary code for image search ; for large - scale visual search , highly compressed yet meaningful representations of images are essential . structured vector quantizers based on product quantization and its variants are usually employed to achieve such compression while minimizing the loss of accuracy . yet , unlike binary hashing schemes , these unsupervised methods have not yet benefited from the supervision , end - to - end learning and novel architectures ushered in by the deep learn ←
→ word - length entropies and correlations of natural language written texts ; we study the frequency distributions and correlations of the word lengths of ten european languages . our findings indicate that a ) the word - length distribution of short words quantified by the mean value and the entropy distinguishes the uralic ( finnish ) corpus from the others , b ) the tails at long words , manifested in the high - order moments of the distributions , differentiate the germanic languages ( except for english ) from the roma ←
→ situationally aware options ; hierarchical abstractions , also known as options -- a type of temporally extended action ( sutton et . al . 1999 ) that enables a reinforcement learning agent to plan at a higher level , abstracting away from the lower - level details . in this work , we learn reusable options whose parameters can vary , encouraging different behaviors , based on the current situation . in principle , these behaviors can include vigor , defence or even risk - averseness . these are some examples of what we refe ←
→ topic aware neural response generation ; we consider incorporating topic information into the sequence - to - sequence framework to generate informative and interesting responses for chatbots . to this end , we propose a topic aware sequence - to - sequence ( ta - seq2seq ) model . the model utilizes topics to simulate prior knowledge of human that guides them to form informative and interesting responses in conversation , and leverages the topic information in generation by a joint attention mechanism and a biased generat ←
→ the alamo approach to machine learning ; alamo is a computational methodology for leaning algebraic functions from data . given a data set , the approach begins by building a low - complexity , linear model composed of explicit non - linear transformations of the independent variables . linear combinations of these non - linear transformations allow a linear model to better approximate complex behavior observed in real processes . the model is refined , as additional data are obtained in an adaptive fashion through err ←
→ recognizing abnormal heart sounds using deep learning ; the work presented here applies deep learning to the task of automated cardiac auscultation , i . e . recognizing abnormalities in heart sounds . we describe an automated heart sound classification algorithm that combines the use of time - frequency heat map representations with a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ). given the cost - sensitive nature of misclassification , our cnn architecture is trained using a modified loss function that directly optimizes ←
→ multiple gaussian process models ; we consider a gaussian process formulation of the multiple kernel learning problem . the goal is to select the convex combination of kernel matrices that best explains the data and by doing so improve the generalisation on unseen data . sparsity in the kernel weights is obtained by adopting a hierarchical bayesian approach : gaussian process priors are imposed over the latent functions and generalised inverse gaussians on their associated weights . this construction is equival ←
→ robust inference policies ; a series of monte carlo studies were performed to assess the extent to which different inference procedures robustly output reasonable belief values in the context of increasing levels of judgmental imprecision . it was found that , when compared to an equal - weights linear model , the bayesian procedures are more likely to deduce strong support for a hypothesis . but , the bayesian procedures are also more likely to strongly support the wrong hypothesis . bayesian techniques are more p ←
→ analyzing walter skeat ' s forty - five parallel extracts of william langland ' s piers plowman ; walter skeat published his critical edition of william langland ' s 14th century alliterative poem , piers plowman , in 1886 . in preparation for this he located forty - five manuscripts , and to compare dialects , he published excerpts from each of these . this paper does three statistical analyses using these excerpts , each of which mimics a task he did in writing his critical edition . first , he combined multiple versions ←
→ statistical properties of the single linkage hierarchical clustering estimator ; distance - based hierarchical clustering ( hc ) methods are widely used in unsupervised data analysis but few authors take account of uncertainty in the distance data . we incorporate a statistical model of the uncertainty through corruption or noise in the pairwise distances and investigate the problem of estimating the hc as unknown parameters from measurements . specifically , we focus on single linkage hierarchical clustering ( s ←
→ robust computer algebra , theorem proving , and oracle ai ; in the context of superintelligent ai systems , the term " oracle " has two meanings . one refers to modular systems queried for domain - specific tasks . another usage , referring to a class of systems which may be useful for addressing the value alignment and ai control problems , is a superintelligent ai system that only answers questions . the aim of this manuscript is to survey contemporary research problems related to oracles which align with long - term r ←
→ supervised fine tuning for word embedding with integrated knowledge ; learning vector representation for words is an important research field which may benefit many natural language processing tasks . two limitations exist in nearly all available models , which are the bias caused by the context definition and the lack of knowledge utilization . they are difficult to tackle because these algorithms are essentially unsupervised learning approaches . inspired by deep learning , the authors propose a supervised fra ←
→ a general modifier - based framework for inconsistency - tolerant query answering ; we propose a general framework for inconsistency - tolerant query answering within existential rule setting . this framework unifies the main semantics proposed by the state of art and introduces new ones based on cardinality and majority principles . it relies on two key notions : modifiers and inference strategies . an inconsistency - tolerant semantics is seen as a composite modifier plus an inference strategy . we compare the obtai ←
→ dotmark - a benchmark for discrete optimal transport ; the wasserstein metric or earth mover ' s distance ( emd ) is a useful tool in statistics , machine learning and computer science with many applications to biological or medical imaging , among others . especially in the light of increasingly complex data , the computation of these distances via optimal transport is often the limiting factor . inspired by this challenge , a variety of new approaches to optimal transport has been proposed in recent years and along ←
→ on the protection of private information in machine learning systems : two recent approaches ; the recent , remarkable growth of machine learning has led to intense interest in the privacy of the data on which machine learning relies , and to new techniques for preserving privacy . however , older ideas about privacy may well remain valid and useful . this note reviews two recent works on privacy in the light of the wisdom of some of the early literature , in particular the principles distilled by saltzer and sc ←
→ a typed hybrid description logic programming language with polymorphic order - sorted dl - typed unification for semantic web type systems ; in this paper we elaborate on a specific application in the context of hybrid description logic programs ( hybrid dlps ), namely description logic semantic web type systems ( dl - types ) which are used for term typing of lp rules based on a polymorphic , order - sorted , hybrid dl - typed unification as procedural semantics of hybrid dlps . using semantic web ontologies as type syst ←
→ an em based probabilistic two - dimensional cca with application to face recognition ; recently , two - dimensional canonical correlation analysis ( 2dcca ) has been successfully applied for image feature extraction . the method instead of concatenating the columns of the images to the one - dimensional vectors , directly works with two - dimensional image matrices . although 2dcca works well in different recognition tasks , it lacks a probabilistic interpretation . in this paper , we present a probabilistic framework for ←
→ unified view of matrix completion under general structural constraints ; in this paper , we present a unified analysis of matrix completion under general low - dimensional structural constraints induced by {\ em any } norm regularization . we consider two estimators for the general problem of structured matrix completion , and provide unified upper bounds on the sample complexity and the estimation error . our analysis relies on results from generic chaining , and we establish two intermediate results of independent ←
→ finite - state reduplication in one - level prosodic morphology ; reduplication , a central instance of prosodic morphology , is particularly challenging for state - of - the - art computational morphology , since it involves copying of some part of a phonological string . in this paper i advocate a finite - state method that combines enriched lexical representations via intersection to implement the copying . the proposal includes a resource - conscious variant of automata and can benefit from the existence of lazy algorithm ←
→ ensemble classifiers and their applications : a review ; ensemble classifier refers to a group of individual classifiers that are cooperatively trained on data set in a supervised classification problem . in this paper we present a review of commonly used ensemble classifiers in the literature . some ensemble classifiers are also developed targeting specific applications . we also present some application driven ensemble classifiers in this paper .←
→ lower bounds for multi - armed bandit with non - equivalent multiple plays ; we study the stochastic multi - armed bandit problem with non - equivalent multiple plays where , at each step , an agent chooses not only a set of arms , but also their order , which influences reward distribution . in several problem formulations with different assumptions , we provide lower bounds for regret with standard asymptotics $ o (\ log { t })$ but novel coefficients and provide optimal algorithms , thus proving that these bounds cannot be i ←
→ semantic interpolation in implicit models ; in implicit models , one often interpolates between sampled points in latent space . as we show in this paper , care needs to be taken to match - up the distributional assumptions on code vectors with the geometry of the interpolating paths . otherwise , typical assumptions about the quality and semantics of in - between points may not be justified . based on our analysis we propose to modify the prior code distribution to put significantly more probability mass closer to t ←
→ pyramidal gradient matching for optical flow estimation ; initializing optical flow field by either sparse descriptor matching or dense patch matches has been proved to be particularly useful for capturing large displacements . in this paper , we present a pyramidal gradient matching approach that can provide dense matches for highly accurate and efficient optical flow estimation . a novel contribution of our method is that image gradient is used to describe image patches and proved to be able to produce robus ←
→ syntactic vs . semantic locality : how good is a cheap approximation ? ; extracting a subset of a given owl ontology that captures all the ontology ' s knowledge about a specified set of terms is a well - understood task . this task can be based , for instance , on locality - based modules ( lbms ). these come in two flavours , syntactic and semantic , and a syntactic lbm is known to contain the corresponding semantic lbm . for syntactic lbms , polynomial extraction algorithms are known , implemented in the owl api , and being ←
→ a bayesian nonparametric method for clustering imputation , and forecasting in multivariate time series ; this article proposes a bayesian nonparametric method for forecasting , imputation , and clustering in sparsely observed , multivariate time series . the method is appropriate for jointly modeling hundreds of time series with widely varying , non - stationary dynamics . given a collection of $ n $ time series , the bayesian model first partitions them into independent clusters using a chinese restaurant process p ←
→ preferential bayesian optimization ; bayesian optimization ( bo ) has emerged during the last few years as an effective approach to optimizing black - box functions where direct queries of the objective are expensive . in this paper we consider the case where direct access to the function is not possible , but information about user preferences is . such scenarios arise in problems where human preferences are modeled , such as a / b tests or recommender systems . we present a new framework for this scenario that we ca ←
→ natural language inference from multiple premises ; we define a novel textual entailment task that requires inference over multiple premise sentences . we present a new dataset for this task that minimizes trivial lexical inferences , emphasizes knowledge of everyday events , and presents a more challenging setting for textual entailment . we evaluate several strong neural baselines and analyze how the multiple premise task differs from standard textual entailment .←
→ structure selection from streaming relational data ; statistical relational learning techniques have been successfully applied in a wide range of relational domains . in most of these applications , the human designers capitalized on their background knowledge by following a trial - and - error trajectory , where relational features are manually defined by a human engineer , parameters are learned for those features on the training data , the resulting model is validated , and the cycle repeats as the engineer adjust ←
→ deep learning paradigm with transformed monolingual word embeddings for multilingual sentiment analysis ; the surge of social media use brings huge demand of multilingual sentiment analysis ( msa ) for unveiling cultural difference . so far , traditional methods resorted to machine translation --- translating texts in other languages to english , and then adopt the methods once worked in english . however , this paradigm is conditioned by the quality of machine translation . in this paper , we propose a new deep lea ←
→ from superpixel to human shape modelling for carried object detection ; detecting carried objects is one of the requirements for developing systems to reason about activities involving people and objects . we present an approach to detect carried objects from a single video frame with a novel method that incorporates features from multiple scales . initially , a foreground mask in a video frame is segmented into multi - scale superpixels . then the human - like regions in the segmented area are identified by matchi ←
→ the contextual loss for image transformation with non - aligned data ; feed - forward cnns trained for image transformation problems rely on loss functions that measure the similarity between the generated image and a target image . most of the common loss functions assume that these images are spatially aligned and compare pixels at corresponding locations . however , for many tasks , aligned training pairs of images will not be available . we present an alternative loss function that does not require alignment , th ←
→ fast image scanning with deep max - pooling convolutional neural networks ; deep neural networks now excel at image classification , detection and segmentation . when used to scan images by means of a sliding window , however , their high computational complexity can bring even the most powerful hardware to its knees . we show how dynamic programming can speedup the process by orders of magnitude , even when max - pooling layers are present .←
→ sparse and functional principal components analysis ; regularized principal components analysis , especially sparse pca and functional pca , has become widely used for dimension reduction in high - dimensional settings . many examples of massive data , however , may benefit from estimating both sparse and functional factors . these include neuroimaging data where there are discrete brain regions of activation ( sparsity ) but these regions tend to be smooth spatially ( functional ). here , we introduce an optimization f ←
→ non - convex weighted lp nuclear norm based admm framework for image restoration ; since the matrix formed by nonlocal similar patches in a natural image is of low rank , the nuclear norm minimization ( nnm ) has been widely used in various image processing studies . nonetheless , nuclear norm based convex surrogate of the rank function usually over - shrinks the rank components and makes different components equally , and thus may produce a result far from the optimum . to alleviate the above - mentioned limitations ←
→ union support recovery in multi - task learning ; we sharply characterize the performance of different penalization schemes for the problem of selecting the relevant variables in the multi - task setting . previous work focuses on the regression problem where conditions on the design matrix complicate the analysis . a clearer and simpler picture emerges by studying the normal means model . this model , often used in the field of statistics , is a simplified model that provides a laboratory for studying complex proce ←
→ a web - based ide for idp ; idp is a knowledge base system based on first order logic . it is finding its way to a larger public but is still facing practical challenges . adoption of new languages requires a newcomer - friendly way for users to interact with it . both an online presence to try to convince potential users to download the system and offline availability to develop larger applications are essential . we developed an ide which can serve both purposes through the use of web technology . it enables us to ←
→ inverse reinforcement learning from incomplete observation data ; inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) aims to explain observed strategic behavior by fitting reinforcement learning models to behavioral data . however , traditional irl methods are only applicable when the observations are in the form of state - action paths . this assumption may not hold in many real - world modelling settings , where only partial observations are available . in general , we may assume that there is a summarizing function $\ sigma $, wh ←
→ pseudorehearsal in actor - critic agents with neural network function approximation ; catastrophic forgetting has a significant negative impact in reinforcement learning . the purpose of this study is to investigate how pseudorehearsal can change performance of an actor - critic agent with neural - network function approximation . we tested agent in a pole balancing task and compared different pseudorehearsal approaches . we have found that pseudorehearsal can assist learning and decrease forgetting .←
→ markov network structure learning via ensemble - of - forests models ; real world systems typically feature a variety of different dependency types and topologies that complicate model selection for probabilistic graphical models . we introduce the ensemble - of - forests model , a generalization of the ensemble - of - trees model . our model enables structure learning of markov random fields ( mrf ) with multiple connected components and arbitrary potentials . we present two approximate inference techniques for this model a ←
→ decoding the encoding of functional brain networks : an fmri classification comparison of non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ), independent component analysis ( ica ), and sparse coding algorithms ; brain networks in fmri are typically identified using spatial independent component analysis ( ica ), yet mathematical constraints such as sparse coding and positivity both provide alternate biologically - plausible frameworks for generating brain networks . non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) would suppress ←
→ estimation of linear , non - gaussian causal models in the presence of confounding latent variables ; the estimation of linear causal models ( also known as structural equation models ) from data is a well - known problem which has received much attention in the past . most previous work has , however , made an explicit or implicit assumption of gaussianity , limiting the identifiability of the models . we have recently shown ( shimizu et al , 2005 ; hoyer et al , 2006 ) that for non - gaussian distributions the full causal ←
→ intriguing properties of neural networks ; deep neural networks are highly expressive models that have recently achieved state of the art performance on speech and visual recognition tasks . while their expressiveness is the reason they succeed , it also causes them to learn uninterpretable solutions that could have counter - intuitive properties . in this paper we report two such properties . first , we find that there is no distinction between individual high level units and random linear combinations of high ←
→ maximum a posteriori adaptation of network parameters in deep models ; we present a bayesian approach to adapting parameters of a well - trained context - dependent , deep - neural - network , hidden markov model ( cd - dnn - hmm ) to improve automatic speech recognition performance . given an abundance of dnn parameters but with only a limited amount of data , the effectiveness of the adapted dnn model can often be compromised . we formulate maximum a posteriori ( map ) adaptation of parameters of a specially designed cd - dnn - h ←
→ interpretable deep learning applied to plant stress phenotyping ; availability of an explainable deep learning model that can be applied to practical real world scenarios and in turn , can consistently , rapidly and accurately identify specific and minute traits in applicable fields of biological sciences , is scarce . here we consider one such real world example viz ., accurate identification , classification and quantification of biotic and abiotic stresses in crop research and production . up until now , this ha ←
→ inferring dynamic bayesian networks using frequent episode mining ; motivation : several different threads of research have been proposed for modeling and mining temporal data . on the one hand , approaches such as dynamic bayesian networks ( dbns ) provide a formal probabilistic basis to model relationships between time - indexed random variables but these models are intractable to learn in the general case . on the other , algorithms such as frequent episode mining are scalable to large datasets but do not exhibit ←
→ joint estimation of sparse multivariate regression and conditional graphical models ; multivariate regression model is a natural generalization of the classical univari - ate regression model for fitting multiple responses . in this paper , we propose a high - dimensional multivariate conditional regression model for constructing sparse estimates of the multivariate regression coefficient matrix that accounts for the dependency struc - ture among the multiple responses . the proposed method decomposes the multi ←
→ top - down and bottom - up feature combination for multi - sensor attentive robots ; the information available to robots in real tasks is widely distributed both in time and space , requiring the agent to search for relevant data . in humans , that face the same problem when sounds , images and smells are presented to their sensors in a daily scene , a natural system is applied : attention . as vision plays an important role in our routine , most research regarding attention has involved this sensorial system and the s ←
→ malaria detection using image processing and machine learning ; malaria is mosquito - borne blood disease caused by parasites of the genus plasmodium . conventional diagnostic tool for malaria is the examination of stained blood cell of patient in microscope . the blood to be tested is placed in a slide and is observed under a microscope to count the number of infected rbc . an expert technician is involved in the examination of the slide with intense visual and mental concentration . this is tiresome and time co ←
→ distributed evolutionary computation : a new technique for solving large number of equations ; evolutionary computation techniques have mostly been used to solve various optimization and learning problems successfully . evolutionary algorithm is more effective to gain optimal solution ( s ) to solve complex problems than traditional methods . in case of problems with large set of parameters , evolutionary computation technique incurs a huge computational burden for a single processing unit . taking this limitatio ←
→ towards statistical reasoning in description logics over finite domains ( full version ) ; we present a probabilistic extension of the description logic $\ mathcal { alc }$ for reasoning about statistical knowledge . we consider conditional statements over proportions of the domain and are interested in the probabilistic - logical consequences of these proportions . after introducing some general reasoning problems and analyzing their properties , we present first algorithms and complexity results for reasoning in s ←
→ cloud k - svd : a collaborative dictionary learning algorithm for big , distributed data ; this paper studies the problem of data - adaptive representations for big , distributed data . it is assumed that a number of geographically - distributed , interconnected sites have massive local data and they are interested in collaboratively learning a low - dimensional geometric structure underlying these data . in contrast to previous works on subspace - based data representations , this paper focuses on the geometric structure ←
→ spatial neural networks and their functional samples : similarities and differences ; models of neural networks have proven their utility in the development of learning algorithms in computer science and in the theoretical study of brain dynamics in computational neuroscience . we propose in this paper a spatial neural network model to analyze the important class of functional networks , which are commonly employed in computational studies of clinical brain imaging time series . we developed a simulation fram ←
→ probabilistic solutions to differential equations and their application to riemannian statistics ; we study a probabilistic numerical method for the solution of both boundary and initial value problems that returns a joint gaussian process posterior over the solution . such methods have concrete value in the statistics on riemannian manifolds , where non - analytic ordinary differential equations are involved in virtually all computations . the probabilistic formulation permits marginalising the uncertainty of ←
→ evidential confirmation as transformed probability ; a considerable body of work in ai has been concerned with aggregating measures of confirmatory and disconfirmatory evidence for a common set of propositions . claiming classical probability to be inadequate or inappropriate , several researchers have gone so far as to invent new formalisms and methods . we show how to represent two major such alternative approaches to evidential confirmation not only in terms of transformed ( bayesian ) probability , but also i ←
→ diversity - promoting bayesian learning of latent variable models ; to address three important issues involved in latent variable models ( lvms ), including capturing infrequent patterns , achieving small - sized but expressive models and alleviating overfitting , several studies have been devoted to " diversifying " lvms , which aim at encouraging the components in lvms to be diverse . most existing studies fall into a frequentist - style regularization framework , where the components are learned via point estimation . i ←
→ symbol , conversational , and societal grounding with a toy robot ; essential to meaningful interaction is grounding at the symbolic , conversational , and societal levels . we present ongoing work with anki ' s cozmo toy robot as a research platform where we leverage the recent words - as - classifiers model of lexical semantics in interactive reference resolution tasks for language grounding .←
→ pip distance : a unitary - invariant metric for understanding functionality and dimensionality of vector embeddings ; in this paper , we present a theoretical framework for understanding vector embedding , a fundamental building block of many deep learning models , especially in nlp . we discover a natural unitary - invariance in vector embeddings , which is required by the distributional hypothesis . this unitary - invariance states the fact that two embeddings are essentially equivalent if one can be obtained from t ←
→ efficient object detection for high resolution images ; efficient generation of high - quality object proposals is an essential step in state - of - the - art object detection systems based on deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnn ) features . current object proposal algorithms are computationally inefficient in processing high resolution images containing small objects , which makes them the bottleneck in object detection systems . in this paper we present effective methods to detect objects for high resolution ima ←
→ verifiable source code documentation in controlled natural language ; writing documentation about software internals is rarely considered a rewarding activity . it is highly time - consuming and the resulting documentation is fragile when the software is continuously evolving in a multi - developer setting . unfortunately , traditional programming environments poorly support the writing and maintenance of documentation . consequences are severe as the lack of documentation on software structure negatively impacts t ←
→ on wasserstein reinforcement learning and the fokker - planck equation ; policy gradients methods often achieve better performance when the change in policy is limited to a small kullback - leibler divergence . we derive policy gradients where the change in policy is limited to a small wasserstein distance ( or trust region ). this is done in the discrete and continuous multi - armed bandit settings with entropy regularisation . we show that in the small steps limit with respect to the wasserstein distance $ w_2 $, pol ←
→ stochastically transitive models for pairwise comparisons : statistical and computational issues ; there are various parametric models for analyzing pairwise comparison data , including the bradley - terry - luce ( btl ) and thurstone models , but their reliance on strong parametric assumptions is limiting . in this work , we study a flexible model for pairwise comparisons , under which the probabilities of outcomes are required only to satisfy a natural form of stochastic transitivity . this class includes parametric ←
→ constrained manifold learning for hyperspectral imagery visualization ; displaying the large number of bands in a hyper - spectral image ( hsi ) on a trichromatic monitor is important for hsi processing and analysis system . the visualized image shall convey as much information as possible from the original hsi and meanwhile facilitate image interpretation . however , most existing methods display hsis in false color , which contradicts with user experience and expectation . in this paper , we propose a visualizatio ←
→ hyperspectral recovery from rgb images using gaussian processes ; hyperspectral cameras preserve the fine spectral details of scenes that are generally lost in the traditional rgb cameras due to the gross quantization of radiance . these details are desirable in numerous imaging applications , nevertheless the high cost of hyperspectral hardware and the associated physical constraints currently limit the pervasive use of hyperspectral imaging . we take a computational approach to construct hyperspectral images ←
→ loss functions for top - k error : analysis and insights ; in order to push the performance on realistic computer vision tasks , the number of classes in modern benchmark datasets has significantly increased in recent years . this increase in the number of classes comes along with increased ambiguity between the class labels , raising the question if top - 1 error is the right performance measure . in this paper , we provide an extensive comparison and evaluation of established multiclass methods comparing their top -←
→ a heuristic bayesian approach to knowledge acquisition : application to analysis of tissue - type plasminogen activator ; this paper describes a heuristic bayesian method for computing probability distributions from experimental data , based upon the multivariate normal form of the influence diagram . an example illustrates its use in medical technology assessment . this approach facilitates the integration of results from different studies , and permits a medical expert to make proper assessments without consid ←
→ using neural generative models to release synthetic twitter corpora with reduced stylometric identifiability of users ; we present a method for generating synthetic versions of twitter data using neural generative models . the goal is to protect individuals in the source data from stylometric re - identification attacks while still releasing data that carries research value . to generate tweet corpora that maintain user - level word distributions , our proposed approach augments powerful neural language models w ←
→ superhuman accuracy on the snemi3d connectomics challenge ; for the past decade , convolutional networks have been used for 3d reconstruction of neurons from electron microscopic ( em ) brain images . recent years have seen great improvements in accuracy , as evidenced by submissions to the snemi3d benchmark challenge . here we report the first submission to surpass the estimate of human accuracy provided by the snemi3d leaderboard . a variant of 3d u - net is trained on a primary task of predicting affinities betwe ←
→ cross temporal recurrent networks for ranking question answer pairs ; temporal gates play a significant role in modern recurrent - based neural encoders , enabling fine - grained control over recursive compositional operations over time . in recurrent models such as the long short - term memory ( lstm ), temporal gates control the amount of information retained or discarded over time , not only playing an important role in influencing the learned representations but also serving as a protection against vanishing gradi ←
→ representation as a service ; consider a machine learning service provider ( mlsp ) designed to rapidly create highly accurate learners for a never - ending stream of new tasks . the challenge is to produce task - specific learners that can be trained from few labeled samples , even if tasks are not uniquely identified , and the number of tasks and input dimensionality are large . in this paper , we argue that the mlsp should exploit knowledge from previous tasks to build a good representation of the environment it is ←
→ belief and surprise - a belief - function formulation ; we motivate and describe a theory of belief in this paper . this theory is developed with the following view of human belief in mind . consider the belief that an event e will occur ( or has occurred or is occurring ). an agent either entertains this belief or does not entertain this belief ( i . e ., there is no " grade " in entertaining the belief ). if the agent chooses to exercise " the will to believe " and entertain this belief , he / she / it is entitled to a degre ←
→ proceedings of the 12th international colloquium on implementation of constraint and logic programming systems ; this volume contains the papers presented at ciclops ' 12 : 12th international colloquium on implementation of constraint and logic programming systems held on tueseday september 4th , 2012 in budapest . the program included 1 invited talk , 9 technical presentations and a panel discussion on prolog open standards ( open . pl ). each programme paper was reviewed by 3 reviewers . ciclops ' 12 continues a ←
→ cnn - based cascaded multi - task learning of high - level prior and density estimation for crowd counting ; estimating crowd count in densely crowded scenes is an extremely challenging task due to non - uniform scale variations . in this paper , we propose a novel end - to - end cascaded network of cnns to jointly learn crowd count classification and density map estimation . classifying crowd count into various groups is tantamount to coarsely estimating the total count in the image thereby incorporating a high - level p ←
→ color dipole moments for edge detection ; dipole and higher moments are physical quantities used to describe a charge distribution . in analogy with electromagnetism , it is possible to define the dipole moments for a gray - scale image , according to the single aspect of a gray - tone map . in this paper we define the color dipole moments for color images . for color maps in fact , we have three aspects , the three primary colors , to consider . associating three color charges to each pixel , color dipole moments can be ←
→ analyzing knowledge transfer in deep q - networks for autonomously handling multiple intersections ; we analyze how the knowledge to autonomously handle one type of intersection , represented as a deep q - network , translates to other types of intersections ( tasks ). we view intersection handling as a deep reinforcement learning problem , which approximates the state action q function as a deep neural network . using a traffic simulator , we show that directly copying a network trained for one type of intersection ←
→ video object segmentation with re - identification ; conventional video segmentation methods often rely on temporal continuity to propagate masks . such an assumption suffers from issues like drifting and inability to handle large displacement . to overcome these issues , we formulate an effective mechanism to prevent the target from being lost via adaptive object re - identification . specifically , our video object segmentation with re - identification ( vs - reid ) model includes a mask propagation module and a reid mo ←
→ knowledge questions from knowledge graphs ; we address the novel problem of automatically generating quiz - style knowledge questions from a knowledge graph such as dbpedia . questions of this kind have ample applications , for instance , to educate users about or to evaluate their knowledge in a specific domain . to solve the problem , we propose an end - to - end approach . the approach first selects a named entity from the knowledge graph as an answer . it then generates a structured triple - pattern query , which yield ←
→ learning adversary behavior in security games : a pac model perspective ; recent applications of stackelberg security games ( ssg ), from wildlife crime to urban crime , have employed machine learning tools to learn and predict adversary behavior using available data about defender - adversary interactions . given these recent developments , this paper commits to an approach of directly learning the response function of the adversary . using the pac model , this paper lays a firm theoretical foundation for learning i ←
→ regularizing rnns by stabilizing activations ; we stabilize the activations of recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) by penalizing the squared distance between successive hidden states ' norms . this penalty term is an effective regularizer for rnns including lstms and irnns , improving performance on character - level language modeling and phoneme recognition , and outperforming weight noise and dropout . we achieve competitive performance ( 18 . 6 \% per ) on the timit phoneme recognition task for rnns evaluated witho ←
→ stability approach to regularization selection ( stars ) for high dimensional graphical models ; a challenging problem in estimating high - dimensional graphical models is to choose the regularization parameter in a data - dependent way . the standard techniques include $ k $- fold cross - validation ($ k $- cv ), akaike information criterion ( aic ), and bayesian information criterion ( bic ). though these methods work well for low - dimensional problems , they are not suitable in high dimensional settings . in this paper , we p ←
→ video representation learning and latent concept mining for large - scale multi - label video classification ; we report on cmu informedia lab ' s system used in google ' s youtube 8 million video understanding challenge . in this multi - label video classification task , our pipeline achieved 84 . 675 % and 84 . 662 % gap on our evaluation split and the official test set . we attribute the good performance to three components : 1 ) refined video representation learning with residual links and hypercolumns 2 ) latent concept m ←
→ segan : adversarial network with multi - scale $ l_1 $ loss for medical image segmentation ; inspired by classic generative adversarial networks ( gan ), we propose a novel end - to - end adversarial neural network , called segan , for the task of medical image segmentation . since image segmentation requires dense , pixel - level labeling , the single scalar real / fake output of a classic gan ' s discriminator may be ineffective in producing stable and sufficient gradient feedback to the networks . instead , we use a fully con ←
→ a convex framework for fair regression ; we introduce a flexible family of fairness regularizers for ( linear and logistic ) regression problems . these regularizers all enjoy convexity , permitting fast optimization , and they span the rang from notions of group fairness to strong individual fairness . by varying the weight on the fairness regularizer , we can compute the efficient frontier of the accuracy - fairness trade - off on any given dataset , and we measure the severity of this trade - off via a numerical quant ←
→ a procedural texture generation framework based on semantic descriptions ; procedural textures are normally generated from mathematical models with parameters carefully selected by experienced users . however , for naive users , the intuitive way to obtain a desired texture is to provide semantic descriptions such as " regular ," " lacelike ," and " repetitive " and then a procedural model with proper parameters will be automatically suggested to generate the corresponding textures . by contrast , it is less practical ←
→ the complexity of learning halfspaces using generalized linear methods ; many popular learning algorithms ( e . g . regression , fourier - transform based algorithms , kernel svm and kernel ridge regression ) operate by reducing the problem to a convex optimization problem over a vector space of functions . these methods offer the currently best approach to several central problems such as learning half spaces and learning dnf ' s . in addition they are widely used in numerous application domains . despite their importan ←
→ modeling browser - based distributed evolutionary computation systems ; from the era of big science we are back to the " do it yourself ", where you do not have any money to buy clusters or subscribe to grids but still have algorithms that crave many computing nodes and need them to measure scalability . fortunately , this coincides with the era of big data , cloud computing , and browsers that include javascript virtual machines . those are the reasons why this paper will focus on two different aspects of volunteer ←
→ beyond feedforward models trained by backpropagation : a practical training tool for a more efficient universal approximator ; cellular simultaneous recurrent neural network ( srn ) has been shown to be a function approximator more powerful than the mlp . this means that the complexity of mlp would be prohibitively large for some problems while srn could realize the desired mapping with acceptable computational constraints . the speed of training of complex recurrent networks is crucial to their successful app ←
→ novel feature extraction , selection and fusion for effective malware family classification ; modern malware is designed with mutation characteristics , namely polymorphism and metamorphism , which causes an enormous growth in the number of variants of malware samples . categorization of malware samples on the basis of their behaviors is essential for the computer security community , because they receive huge number of malware everyday , and the signature extraction process is usually based on malicious parts ←
→ sentence - level dialects identification in the greater china region ; identifying the different varieties of the same language is more challenging than unrelated languages identification . in this paper , we propose an approach to discriminate language varieties or dialects of mandarin chinese for the mainland china , hong kong , taiwan , macao , malaysia and singapore , a . k . a ., the greater china region ( gcr ). when applied to the dialects identification of the gcr , we find that the commonly used character - level or ←
→ gaussian meta - embeddings for efficient scoring of a heavy - tailed plda model ; embeddings in machine learning are low - dimensional representations of complex input patterns , with the property that simple geometric operations like euclidean distances and dot products can be used for classification and comparison tasks . the proposed meta - embeddings are special embeddings that live in more general inner product spaces . they are designed to propagate uncertainty to the final output in speaker recognition and si ←
→ design and development a children ' s speech database ; the report presents the process of planning , designing and the development of a database of spoken children ' s speech whose native language is bulgarian . the proposed model is designed for children between the age of 4 and 6 without speech disorders , and reflects their specific capabilities . at this age most children cannot read , there is no sustained concentration , they are emotional , etc . the aim is to unite all the media information accompanying the re ←
→ a gpu - outperforming fpga accelerator architecture for binary convolutional neural networks ; fpga - based hardware accelerators for convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have obtained great attentions due to their higher energy efficiency than gpus . however , it is challenging for fpga - based solutions to achieve a higher throughput than gpu counterparts . in this paper , we demonstrate that fpga acceleration can be a superior solution in terms of both throughput and energy efficiency when a cnn is trained with ←
→ efficient euclidean projections onto the intersection of norm balls ; using sparse - inducing norms to learn robust models has received increasing attention from many fields for its attractive properties . projection - based methods have been widely applied to learning tasks constrained by such norms . as a key building block of these methods , an efficient operator for euclidean projection onto the intersection of $\ ell_1 $ and $\ ell_ { 1 , q }$ norm balls $( q = 2 \ text { or }\ infty )$ is proposed in this paper . we prove that ←
→ do deep learning models have too many parameters ? an information theory viewpoint ; deep learning models often have more parameters than observations , and still perform well . this is sometimes described as a paradox . in this work , we show experimentally that despite their huge number of parameters , deep neural networks can compress the data losslessly even when taking the cost of encoding the parameters into account . such a compression viewpoint originally motivated the use of variational methods in neura ←
→ local subspace - based outlier detection using global neighbourhoods ; outlier detection in high - dimensional data is a challenging yet important task , as it has applications in , e . g ., fraud detection and quality control . state - of - the - art density - based algorithms perform well because they 1 ) take the local neighbourhoods of data points into account and 2 ) consider feature subspaces . in highly complex and high - dimensional data , however , existing methods are likely to overlook important outliers because they do ←
→ the devil is in the middle : exploiting mid - level representations for cross - domain instance matching ; many vision problems require matching images of object instances across different domains . these include fine - grained sketch - based image retrieval ( fg - sbir ) and person re - identification ( person reid ). existing approaches attempt to learn a joint embedding space where images from different domains can be directly compared . in most cases , this space is defined by the output of the final layer of a deep neur ←
→ multiresolution recurrent neural networks : an application to dialogue response generation ; we introduce the multiresolution recurrent neural network , which extends the sequence - to - sequence framework to model natural language generation as two parallel discrete stochastic processes : a sequence of high - level coarse tokens , and a sequence of natural language tokens . there are many ways to estimate or learn the high - level coarse tokens , but we argue that a simple extraction procedure is sufficient to capture ←
→ semi - supervised knowledge extraction for detection of drugs and their effects ; new psychoactive substances ( nps ) are drugs that lay in a grey area of legislation , since they are not internationally and officially banned , possibly leading to their not prosecutable trade . the exacerbation of the phenomenon is that nps can be easily sold and bought online . here , we consider large corpora of textual posts , published on online forums specialized on drug discussions , plus a small set of known substances and as ←
→ the case for meta - cognitive machine learning : on model entropy and concept formation in deep learning ; machine learning is usually defined in behaviourist terms , where external validation is the primary mechanism of learning . in this paper , i argue for a more holistic interpretation in which finding more probable , efficient and abstract representations is as central to learning as performance . in other words , machine learning should be extended with strategies to reason over its own learning process , lea ←
→ lift - based bidding in ad selection ; real - time bidding ( rtb ) has become one of the largest online advertising markets in the world . today the bid price per ad impression is typically decided by the expected value of how it can lead to a desired action event ( e . g ., registering an account or placing a purchase order ) to the advertiser . however , this industry standard approach to decide the bid price does not consider the actual effect of the ad shown to the user , which should be measured based on the performa ←
→ machine vision system for 3d plant phenotyping ; machine vision for plant phenotyping is an emerging research area for producing high throughput in agriculture and crop science applications . since 2d based approaches have their inherent limitations , 3d plant analysis is becoming state of the art for current phenotyping technologies . we present an automated system for analyzing plant growth in indoor conditions . a gantry robot system is used to perform scanning tasks in an automated manner throughout the lif ←
→ object detection , tracking , and motion segmentation for object - level video segmentation ; we present an approach for object segmentation in videos that combines frame - level object detection with concepts from object tracking and motion segmentation . the approach extracts temporally consistent object tubes based on an off - the - shelf detector . besides the class label for each tube , this provides a location prior that is independent of motion . for the final video segmentation , we combine this information with ←
→ deep learning for accelerated reliability analysis of infrastructure networks ; natural disasters can have catastrophic impacts on the functionality of infrastructure systems and cause severe physical and socio - economic losses . given budget constraints , it is crucial to optimize decisions regarding mitigation , preparedness , response , and recovery practices for these systems . this requires accurate and efficient means to evaluate the infrastructure system reliability . while numerous research efforts have a ←
→ harvesting multiple views for marker - less 3d human pose annotations ; recent advances with convolutional networks ( convnets ) have shifted the bottleneck for many computer vision tasks to annotated data collection . in this paper , we present a geometry - driven approach to automatically collect annotations for human pose prediction tasks . starting from a generic convnet for 2d human pose , and assuming a multi - view setup , we describe an automatic way to collect accurate 3d human pose annotations . we capitalize o ←
→ a new approach in persian handwritten letters recognition using error correcting output coding ; classification ensemble , which uses the weighed polling of outputs , is the art of combining a set of basic classifiers for generating high - performance , robust and more stable results . this study aims to improve the results of identifying the persian handwritten letters using error correcting output coding ( ecoc ) ensemble method . furthermore , the feature selection is used to reduce the costs of errors in our pr ←
→ road curb extraction from mobile lidar point clouds ; automatic extraction of road curbs from uneven , unorganized , noisy and massive 3d point clouds is a challenging task . existing methods often project 3d point clouds onto 2d planes to extract curbs . however , the projection causes loss of 3d information which degrades the performance of the detection . this paper presents a robust , accurate and efficient method to extract road curbs from 3d mobile lidar point clouds . our method consists of two steps : 1 ) ext ←
→ linear contextual bandits with knapsacks ; we consider the linear contextual bandit problem with resource consumption , in addition to reward generation . in each round , the outcome of pulling an arm is a reward as well as a vector of resource consumptions . the expected values of these outcomes depend linearly on the context of that arm . the budget / capacity constraints require that the total consumption doesn ' t exceed the budget for each resource . the objective is once again to maximize the total reward . this ←
→ knowledge graph representation with jointly structural and textual encoding ; the objective of knowledge graph embedding is to encode both entities and relations of knowledge graphs into continuous low - dimensional vector spaces . previously , most works focused on symbolic representation of knowledge graph with structure information , which can not handle new entities or entities with few facts well . in this paper , we propose a novel deep architecture to utilize both structural and textual information of ent ←
→ learning video - story composition via recurrent neural network ; in this paper , we propose a learning - based method to compose a video - story from a group of video clips that describe an activity or experience . we learn the coherence between video clips from real videos via the recurrent neural network ( rnn ) that jointly incorporates the spatial - temporal semantics and motion dynamics to generate smooth and relevant compositions . we further rearrange the results generated by the rnn to make the overall video - st ←
→ kernels for sequentially ordered data ; we present a novel framework for kernel learning with sequential data of any kind , such as time series , sequences of graphs , or strings . our approach is based on signature features which can be seen as an ordered variant of sample ( cross -) moments ; it allows to obtain a " sequentialized " version of any static kernel . the sequential kernels are efficiently computable for discrete sequences and are shown to approximate a continuous moment form in a sampling sense . a num ←
→ statistical models and regularization strategies in statistical image reconstruction of low - dose x - ray ct : a survey ; statistical image reconstruction ( sir ) methods have shown potential to substantially improve the image quality of low - dose x - ray computed tomography ( ct ) as compared to the conventional filtered back - projection ( fbp ) method for various clinical tasks . according to the maximum a posterior ( map ) estimation , the sir methods can be typically formulated by an objective function consisting of tw ←
→ a multicomponent approach to nonrigid registration of diffusion tensor images ; we propose a nonrigid registration approach for diffusion tensor images using a multicomponent information - theoretic measure . explicit orientation optimization is enabled by incorporating tensor reorientation , which is necessary for wrapping diffusion tensor images . experimental results on diffusion tensor images indicate the feasibility of the proposed approach and a much better performance compared to the affine registration ←
→ newton - type iterative solver for multiple view $ l2 $ triangulation ; in this note , we show that the l2 optimal solutions to most real multiple view l2 triangulation problems can be efficiently obtained by two - stage newton - like iterative methods , while the difficulty of such problems mainly lies in how to verify the l2 optimality . such a working two - stage bundle adjustment approach features : first , the algorithm is initialized by symmedian point triangulation , a multiple - view generalization of the mid - point m ←
→ on the prior sensitivity of thompson sampling ; the empirically successful thompson sampling algorithm for stochastic bandits has drawn much interest in understanding its theoretical properties . one important benefit of the algorithm is that it allows domain knowledge to be conveniently encoded as a prior distribution to balance exploration and exploitation more effectively . while it is generally believed that the algorithm ' s regret is low ( high ) when the prior is good ( bad ), little is known about the exact ←
→ text summarization using deep learning and ridge regression ; we develop models and extract relevant features for automatic text summarization and investigate the performance of different models on the duc 2001 dataset . two different models were developed , one being a ridge regressor and the other one was a multi - layer perceptron . the hyperparameters were varied and their performance were noted . we segregated the summarization task into 2 main steps , the first being sentence ranking and the second step bein ←
→ a comparison of two suffix tree - based document clustering algorithms ; document clustering as an unsupervised approach extensively used to navigate , filter , summarize and manage large collection of document repositories like the world wide web ( www ). recently , focuses in this domain shifted from traditional vector based document similarity for clustering to suffix tree based document similarity , as it offers more semantic representation of the text present in the document . in this paper , we compare and cont ←
→ learning for adaptive real - time search ; real - time heuristic search is a popular model of acting and learning in intelligent autonomous agents . learning real - time search agents improve their performance over time by acquiring and refining a value function guiding the application of their actions . as computing the perfect value function is typically intractable , a heuristic approximation is acquired instead . most studies of learning in real - time search ( and reinforcement learning ) assume that a simple value -←
→ imitation learning with concurrent actions in 3d games ; in this work we describe a novel deep reinforcement learning neural network architecture that allows multiple actions to be selected at every time - step . multi - action policies allows complex behaviors to be learnt that are otherwise hard to achieve when using single action selection techniques . this work describes an algorithm that uses both imitation learning ( il ) and temporal difference ( td ) reinforcement learning ( rl ) to provide a 4x improvement in ←
→ ranking and selection as stochastic control ; under a bayesian framework , we formulate the fully sequential sampling and selection decision in statistical ranking and selection as a stochastic control problem , and derive the associated bellman equation . using value function approximation , we derive an approximately optimal allocation policy . we show that this policy is not only computationally efficient but also possesses both one - step - ahead and asymptotic optimality for independent normal sampling distribu ←
→ on deducing conditional independence from d - separation in causal graphs with feedback ( research note ) ; pearl and dechter ( 1996 ) claimed that the d - separation criterion for conditional independence in acyclic causal networks also applies to networks of discrete variables that have feedback cycles , provided that the variables of the system are uniquely determined by the random disturbances . i show by example that this is not true in general . some condition stronger than uniqueness is needed , such as the ex ←
→ weighted voting via no - regret learning ; voting systems typically treat all voters equally . we argue that perhaps they should not : voters who have supported good choices in the past should be given higher weight than voters who have supported bad ones . to develop a formal framework for desirable weighting schemes , we draw on no - regret learning . specifically , given a voting rule , we wish to design a weighting scheme such that applying the voting rule , with voters weighted by the scheme , leads to choices that ←
→ tracking human - like natural motion using deep recurrent neural networks ; kinect skeleton tracker is able to achieve considerable human body tracking performance in convenient and a low - cost manner . however , the tracker often captures unnatural human poses such as discontinuous and vibrated motions when self - occlusions occur . a majority of approaches tackle this problem by using multiple kinect sensors in a workspace . combination of the measurements from different sensors is then conducted in kalman filter ←
→ learning markov networks with context - specific independences ; learning the markov network structure from data is a problem that has received considerable attention in machine learning , and in many other application fields . this work focuses on a particular approach for this purpose called independence - based learning . such approach guarantees the learning of the correct structure efficiently , whenever data is sufficient for representing the underlying distribution . however , an important issue of such approa ←
→ a survey of deep learning methods for relation extraction ; relation extraction is an important sub - task of information extraction which has the potential of employing deep learning ( dl ) models with the creation of large datasets using distant supervision . in this review , we compare the contributions and pitfalls of the various dl models that have been used for the task , to help guide the path ahead .←
→ automatic speech recognition using template model for man - machine interface ; speech is a natural form of communication for human beings , and computers with the ability to understand speech and speak with a human voice are expected to contribute to the development of more natural man - machine interfaces . computers with this kind of ability are gradually becoming a reality , through the evolution of speech recognition technologies . speech is being an important mode of interaction with computers . in this pape ←
→ self - learning scene - specific pedestrian detectors using a progressive latent model ; in this paper , a self - learning approach is proposed towards solving scene - specific pedestrian detection problem without any human ' annotation involved . the self - learning approach is deployed as progressive steps of object discovery , object enforcement , and label propagation . in the learning procedure , object locations in each frame are treated as latent variables that are solved with a progressive latent model ( plm ). comp ←
→ review on parameter estimation in hmrf ; this is a technical report which explores the estimation methodologies on hyper - parameters in markov random field and gaussian hidden markov random field . in first section , we briefly investigate a theoretical framework on metropolis - hastings algorithm . next , by using mh algorithm , we simulate the data from ising model , and study on how hyper - parameter estimation in ising model is enabled through mcmc algorithm using pseudo - likelihood approximation . following section ←
→ a novice looks at emotional cognition ; modeling emotional - cognition is in a nascent stage and therefore wide - open for new ideas and discussions . in this paper the author looks at the modeling problem by bringing in ideas from axiomatic mathematics , information theory , computer science , molecular biology , non - linear dynamical systems and quantum computing and explains how ideas from these disciplines may have applications in modeling emotional - cognition .←
→ knowledge management in economic intelligence with reasoning on temporal attributes ; people have to make important decisions within a time frame . hence , it is imperative to employ means or strategy to aid effective decision making . consequently , economic intelligence ( ei ) has emerged as a field to aid strategic and timely decision making in an organization . in the course of attaining this goal : it is indispensable to be more optimistic towards provision for conservation of intellectual resource invested ←
→ convex hull - based multi - objective genetic programming for maximizing roc performance ; roc is usually used to analyze the performance of classifiers in data mining . roc convex hull ( rocch ) is the least convex major - ant ( lcm ) of the empirical roc curve , and covers potential optima for the given set of classifiers . generally , roc performance maximization could be considered to maximize the rocch , which also means to maximize the true positive rate ( tpr ) and minimize the false positive rate ( fpr ) for each cl ←
→ label stability in multiple instance learning ; we address the problem of \ emph { instance label stability } in multiple instance learning ( mil ) classifiers . these classifiers are trained only on globally annotated images ( bags ), but often can provide fine - grained annotations for image pixels or patches ( instances ). this is interesting for computer aided diagnosis ( cad ) and other medical image analysis tasks for which only a coarse labeling is provided . unfortunately , the instance labels may be unstable . this ←
→ use of rapid probabilistic argumentation for ranking on large complex networks ; we introduce a family of novel ranking algorithms called erank which run in linear / near linear time and build on explicitly modeling a network as uncertain evidence . the model uses probabilistic argumentation systems ( pas ) which are a combination of probability theory and propositional logic , and also a special case of dempster - shafer theory of evidence . erank rapidly generates approximate results for the np - complete problem ←
→ convergence analysis and parallel computing implementation for the multiagent coordination optimization algorithm ; in this report , a novel variation of particle swarm optimization ( pso ) algorithm , called multiagent coordination optimization ( mco ), is implemented in a parallel computing way for practical use by introducing matlab built - in function " parfor " into mco . then we rigorously analyze the global convergence of mco by means of semistability theory . besides sharing global optimal solutions with the ←
→ matroidal structure of generalized rough sets based on symmetric and transitive relations ; rough sets are efficient for data pre - process in data mining . lower and upper approximations are two core concepts of rough sets . this paper studies generalized rough sets based on symmetric and transitive relations from the operator - oriented view by matroidal approaches . we firstly construct a matroidal structure of generalized rough sets based on symmetric and transitive relations , and provide an approach to stud ←
→ optimised maintenance of datalog materialisations ; to efficiently answer queries , datalog systems often materialise all consequences of a datalog program , so the materialisation must be updated whenever the input facts change . several solutions to the materialisation update problem have been proposed . the delete / rederive ( dred ) and the backward / forward ( b / f ) algorithms solve this problem for general datalog , but both contain steps that evaluate rules ' backwards ' by matching their heads to a fact and evalua ←
→ symmetry - aware marginal density estimation ; the rao - blackwell theorem is utilized to analyze and improve the scalability of inference in large probabilistic models that exhibit symmetries . a novel marginal density estimator is introduced and shown both analytically and empirically to outperform standard estimators by several orders of magnitude . the developed theory and algorithms apply to a broad class of probabilistic models including statistical relational models considered not susceptible to lifted pro ←
→ scalable semantic matching of queries to ads in sponsored search advertising ; sponsored search represents a major source of revenue for web search engines . this popular advertising model brings a unique possibility for advertisers to target users ' immediate intent communicated through a search query , usually by displaying their ads alongside organic search results for queries deemed relevant to their products or services . however , due to a large number of unique queries it is challenging for advertisers ←
→ an image - based fluid surface pattern model ; this work aims at generating a model of the ocean surface and its dynamics from one or more video cameras . the idea is to model wave patterns from video as a first step towards a larger system of photogrammetric monitoring of marine conditions for use in offshore oil drilling platforms . the first part of the proposed approach consists in reducing the dimensionality of sensor data made up of the many pixels of each frame of the input video streams . this enables fi ←
→ natural language semantics and computability ; this paper is a reflexion on the computability of natural language semantics . it does not contain a new model or new results in the formal semantics of natural language : it is rather a computational analysis of the logical models and algorithms currently used in natural language semantics , defined as the mapping of a statement to logical formulas - formulas , because a statement can be ambiguous . we argue that as long as possible world semantics is left out , one ←
→ a batchwise monotone algorithm for dictionary learning ; we propose a batchwise monotone algorithm for dictionary learning . unlike the state - of - the - art dictionary learning algorithms which impose sparsity constraints on a sample - by - sample basis , we instead treat the samples as a batch , and impose the sparsity constraint on the whole . the benefit of batchwise optimization is that the non - zeros can be better allocated across the samples , leading to a better approximation of the whole . to accomplish this , we p ←
→ adaptive submodularity : theory and applications in active learning and stochastic optimization ; solving stochastic optimization problems under partial observability , where one needs to adaptively make decisions with uncertain outcomes , is a fundamental but notoriously difficult challenge . in this paper , we introduce the concept of adaptive submodularity , generalizing submodular set functions to adaptive policies . we prove that if a problem satisfies this property , a simple adaptive greedy algorithm is gu ←
→ regularizing model complexity and label structure for multi - label text classification ; multi - label text classification is a popular machine learning task where each document is assigned with multiple relevant labels . this task is challenging due to high dimensional features and correlated labels . multi - label text classifiers need to be carefully regularized to prevent the severe over - fitting in the high dimensional space , and also need to take into account label dependencies in order to make accurate pre ←
→ faster black - box algorithms through higher arity operators ; we extend the work of lehre and witt ( gecco 2010 ) on the unbiased black - box model by considering higher arity variation operators . in particular , we show that already for binary operators the black - box complexity of \ leadingones drops from $\ theta ( n ^ 2 )$ for unary operators to $ o ( n \ log n )$. for \ onemax , the $\ omega ( n \ log n )$ unary black - box complexity drops to o ( n ) in the binary case . for $ k $- ary operators , $ k \ leq n $, the \ onemax - complexity furt ←
→ gradient computation in linear - chain conditional random fields using the entropy message passing algorithm ; the paper proposes a numerically stable recursive algorithm for the exact computation of the linear - chain conditional random field gradient . it operates as a forward algorithm over the log - domain expectation semiring and has the purpose of enhancing memory efficiency when applied to long observation sequences . unlike the traditional algorithm based on the forward - backward recursions , the memory com ←
→ application of s - transform on hyper kurtosis based modified duo histogram equalized dic images for pre - cancer detection ; our proposed hyper kurtosis based histogram equalized dic images enhances the contrast by preserving the brightness . the evolution and development of precancerous activity among tissues are studied through s - transform ( st ). the significant variations of amplitude spectra can be observed due to increased medium roughness from normal tissue were observed in time - frequency domain . the ran ←
→ projection free rank - drop steps ; the frank - wolfe ( fw ) algorithm has been widely used in solving nuclear norm constrained problems , since it does not require projections . however , fw often yields high rank intermediate iterates , which can be very expensive in time and space costs for large problems . to address this issue , we propose a rank - drop method for nuclear norm constrained problems . the goal is to generate descent steps that lead to rank decreases , maintaining low - rank solutions throughout the algori ←
→ comparative performance analysis of neural networks architectures on h2o platform for various activation functions ; deep learning ( deep structured learning , hierarchi - cal learning or deep machine learning ) is a branch of machine learning based on a set of algorithms that attempt to model high - level abstractions in data by using multiple processing layers with complex structures or otherwise composed of multiple non - linear transformations . in this paper , we present the results of testing neural networks ←
→ bayesian optimisation algorithm for nurse scheduling ; our research has shown that schedules can be built mimicking a human scheduler by using a set of rules that involve domain knowledge . this chapter presents a bayesian optimization algorithm ( boa ) for the nurse scheduling problem that chooses such suitable scheduling rules from a set for each nurses assignment . based on the idea of using probabilistic models , the boa builds a bayesian network for the set of promising solutions and samples these networks ←
→ comparison of deep learning approaches for multi - label chest x - ray classification ; the increased availability of x - ray image archives ( e . g . the chestx - ray14 dataset from the nih clinical center ) has triggered a growing interest in deep learning techniques . to provide better insight into the different approaches , and their applications to chest x - ray classification , we investigate a powerful network architecture in detail : the resnet - 50 . building on prior work in this domain , we consider transfer learning ←
→ learning the semantics of structured data sources ; information sources such as relational databases , spreadsheets , xml , json , and web apis contain a tremendous amount of structured data that can be leveraged to build and augment knowledge graphs . however , they rarely provide a semantic model to describe their contents . semantic models of data sources represent the implicit meaning of the data by specifying the concepts and the relationships within the data . such models are the key ingredients to automatica ←
→ analyzing coevolutionary games with dynamic fitness landscapes ; coevolutionary games cast players that may change their strategies as well as their networks of interaction . in this paper a framework is introduced for describing coevolutionary game dynamics by landscape models . it is shown that coevolutionary games invoke dynamic landscapes . numerical experiments are shown for a prisoner ' s dilemma ( pd ) and a snow drift ( sd ) game that both use either birth - death ( bd ) or death - birth ( db ) strategy updating . th ←
→ expert identification of visual primitives used by cnns during mammogram classification ; this work interprets the internal representations of deep neural networks trained for classification of diseased tissue in 2d mammograms . we propose an expert - in - the - loop interpretation method to label the behavior of internal units in convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). expert radiologists identify that the visual patterns detected by the units are correlated with meaningful medical phenomena such as mass tissue a ←
→ pddl 2 . 1 : representation vs . computation ; i comment on the pddl 2 . 1 language and its use in the planning competition , focusing on the choices made for accommodating time and concurrency . i also discuss some methodological issues that have to do with the move toward more expressive planning languages and the balance needed in planning research between semantics and computation .←
→ characterization and compensation of network - level anomalies in mixed - signal neuromorphic modeling platforms ; advancing the size and complexity of neural network models leads to an ever increasing demand for computational resources for their simulation . neuromorphic devices offer a number of advantages over conventional computing architectures , such as high emulation speed or low power consumption , but this usually comes at the price of reduced configurability and precision . in this article , we investiga ←
→ data readiness levels ; application of models to data is fraught . data - generating collaborators often only have a very basic understanding of the complications of collating , processing and curating data . challenges include : poor data collection practices , missing values , inconvenient storage mechanisms , intellectual property , security and privacy . all these aspects obstruct the sharing and interconnection of data , and the eventual interpretation of data through machine learning or other approaches . in proje ←
→ recurrent neural networks with limited numerical precision ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) produce state - of - art performance on many machine learning tasks but their demand on resources in terms of memory and computational power are often high . therefore , there is a great interest in optimizing the computations performed with these models especially when considering development of specialized low - power hardware for deep networks . one way of reducing the computational needs is to limit the numerical precis ←
→ prior - based hierarchical segmentation highlighting structures of interest ; image segmentation is the process of partitioning an image into a set of meaningful regions according to some criteria . hierarchical segmentation has emerged as a major trend in this regard as it favors the emergence of important regions at different scales . on the other hand , many methods allow us to have prior information on the position of structures of interest in the images . in this paper , we present a versatile hierarchical ←
→ content selection in data - to - text systems : a survey ; data - to - text systems are powerful in generating reports from data automatically and thus they simplify the presentation of complex data . rather than presenting data using visualisation techniques , data - to - text systems use natural ( human ) language , which is the most common way for human - human communication . in addition , data - to - text systems can adapt their output content to users ' preferences , background or interests and therefore they can be pleasant for ←
→ artificial life , complex systems and cloud computing : a short review ; cloud computing is the prevailing mode of designing , creating and deploying complex applications nowadays . its underlying assumptions include distributed computing , but also new concepts that need to be incorporated in the different fields . in this short paper we will make a review of how the world of cloud computing has intersected the complex systems and artificial life field , and how it has been used as inspiration for new models or i ←
→ compressive sensing with low precision data representation : radio astronomy and beyond ; modern scientific instruments produce vast amounts of data , which can overwhelm the processing ability of computer systems . lossy compression of data is an intriguing solution but comes with its own dangers , such as potential signal loss , and the need for careful parameter optimization . in this work , we focus on a setting where this problem is especially acute compressive sensing frameworks for radio astronomy and ask ←
→ real - time visual tracking using sparse representation ; the $\ ell_1 $ tracker obtains robustness by seeking a sparse representation of the tracking object via $\ ell_1 $ norm minimization \ cite { xue_iccv_09_track }. however , the high computational complexity involved in the $ \ ell_1 $ tracker restricts its further applications in real time processing scenario . hence we propose a real time compressed sensing tracking ( rtcst ) by exploiting the signal recovery power of compressed sensing ( cs ). dimensionality reduct ←
→ 3d deep learning for biological function prediction from physical fields ; predicting the biological function of molecules , be it proteins or drug - like compounds , from their atomic structure is an important and long - standing problem . function is dictated by structure , since it is by spatial interactions that molecules interact with each other , both in terms of steric complementarity , as well as intermolecular forces . thus , the electron density field and electrostatic potential field of a molecule contain th ←
→ a robust and sparse k - means clustering algorithm ; in many situations where the interest lies in identifying clusters one might expect that not all available variables carry information about these groups . furthermore , data quality ( e . g . outliers or missing entries ) might present a serious and sometimes hard - to - assess problem for large and complex datasets . in this paper we show that a small proportion of atypical observations might have serious adverse effects on the solutions found by the sparse clusterin ←
→ argument ranking with categoriser function ; recently , ranking - based semantics is proposed to rank - order arguments from the most acceptable to the weakest one ( s ), which provides a graded assessment to arguments . in general , the ranking on arguments is derived from the strength values of the arguments . categoriser function is a common approach that assigns a strength value to a tree of arguments . when it encounters an argument system with cycles , then the categoriser strength is the solution of the non - linea ←
→ safe reinforcement learning via shielding ; reinforcement learning algorithms discover policies that maximize reward , but do not necessarily guarantee safety during learning or execution phases . we introduce a new approach to learn optimal policies while enforcing properties expressed in temporal logic . to this end , given the temporal logic specification that is to be obeyed by the learning system , we propose to synthesize a reactive system called a shield . the shield is introduced in the traditional learni ←
→ direct learning of sparse changes in markov networks by density ratio estimation ; we propose a new method for detecting changes in markov network structure between two sets of samples . instead of naively fitting two markov network models separately to the two data sets and figuring out their difference , we \ emph { directly } learn the network structure change by estimating the ratio of markov network models . this density - ratio formulation naturally allows us to introduce sparsity in the network structure ch ←
→ a formal framework for linguistic annotation ( revised version ) ; ` linguistic annotation ' covers any descriptive or analytic notations applied to raw language data . the basic data may be in the form of time functions - audio , video and / or physiological recordings - or it may be textual . the added notations may include transcriptions of all sorts ( from phonetic features to discourse structures ), part - of - speech and sense tagging , syntactic analysis , ` named entity ' identification , co - reference annotation , and s ←
→ a generalized method for integrating rule - based knowledge into inductive methods through virtual sample creation ; hybrid learning methods use theoretical knowledge of a domain and a set of classified examples to develop a method for classification . methods that use domain knowledge have been shown to perform better than inductive learners . however , there is no general method to include domain knowledge into all inductive learning algorithms as all hybrid methods are highly specialized for a particular al ←
→ dual asymmetric deep hashing learning ; due to the impressive learning power , deep learning has achieved a remarkable performance in supervised hash function learning . in this paper , we propose a novel asymmetric supervised deep hashing method to preserve the semantic structure among different categories and generate the binary codes simultaneously . specifically , two asymmetric deep networks are constructed to reveal the similarity between each pair of images according to their semantic labels . the deep has ←
→ transfer learning from synthetic to real images using variational autoencoders for robotic applications ; robotic learning in simulation environments provides a faster , more scalable , and safer training methodology than learning directly with physical robots . also , synthesizing images in a simulation environment for collecting large - scale image data is easy , whereas capturing camera images in the real world is time consuming and expensive . however , learning from only synthetic images may not achieve the d ←
→ distributed deep q - learning ; we propose a distributed deep learning model to successfully learn control policies directly from high - dimensional sensory input using reinforcement learning . the model is based on the deep q - network , a convolutional neural network trained with a variant of q - learning . its input is raw pixels and its output is a value function estimating future rewards from taking an action given a system state . to distribute the deep q - network training , we adapt the distbelief software framewo ←
→ the topology of statistical verifiability ; topological models of empirical and formal inquiry are increasingly prevalent . they have emerged in such diverse fields as domain theory [ 1 , 16 ], formal learning theory [ 18 ], epistemology and philosophy of science [ 10 , 15 , 8 , 9 , 2 ], statistics [ 6 , 7 ] and modal logic [ 17 , 4 ]. in those applications , open sets are typically interpreted as hypotheses deductively verifiable by true propositional information that rules out relevant possibilities . however , in statistical ←
→ regret - based reward elicitation for markov decision processes ; the specification of amarkov decision process ( mdp ) can be difficult . reward function specification is especially problematic ; in practice , it is often cognitively complex and time - consuming for users to precisely specify rewards . this work casts the problem of specifying rewards as one of preference elicitation and aims to minimize the degree of precision with which a reward function must be specified while still allowing optimal or near - optim ←
→ an algebraical model for gray level images ; in this paper we propose a new algebraical model for the gray level images . it can be used for digital image processing . the model adresses to those images which are generated in improper light conditions ( very low or high level ). the vector space structure is able to illustrate some features into the image using modified level of contrast and luminosity . also , the defined structure could be used in image enhancement . the general approach is presented with experi ←
→ on the cnf encoding of cardinality constraints and beyond ; in this report , we propose a quick survey of the currently known techniques for encoding a boolean cardinality constraint into a cnf formula , and we discuss about the relevance of these encodings . we also propose models to facilitate analysis and design of cnf encodings for boolean constraints .←
→ sequential optimization for efficient high - quality object proposal generation ; we are motivated by the need for a generic object proposal generation algorithm which achieves good balance between object detection recall , proposal localization quality and computational efficiency . we propose a novel object proposal algorithm , bing ++, which inherits the virtue of good computational efficiency of bing but significantly improves its proposal localization quality . at high level we formulate the problem of obje ←
→ on classification from outlier view ; classification is the basis of cognition . unlike other solutions , this study approaches it from the view of outliers . we present an expanding algorithm to detect outliers in univariate datasets , together with the underlying foundation . the expanding algorithm runs in a holistic way , making it a rather robust solution . synthetic and real data experiments show its power . furthermore , an application for multi - class problems leads to the introduction of the oscillator algor ←
→ spontaneous dynamics of asymmetric random recurrent spiking neural networks ; we study in this paper the effect of an unique initial stimulation on random recurrent networks of leaky integrate and fire neurons . indeed given a stochastic connectivity this so - called spontaneous mode exhibits various non trivial dynamics . this study brings forward a mathematical formalism that allows us to examine the variability of the afterward dynamics according to the parameters of the weight distribution . provided indep ←
→ stable recovery of sparse vectors from random sinusoidal feature maps ; random sinusoidal features are a popular approach for speeding up kernel - based inference in large datasets . prior to the inference stage , the approach suggests performing dimensionality reduction by first multiplying each data vector by a random gaussian matrix , and then computing an element - wise sinusoid . theoretical analysis shows that collecting a sufficient number of such features can be reliably used for subsequent inference in ker ←
→ scale coding bag of deep features for human attribute and action recognition ; most approaches to human attribute and action recognition in still images are based on image representation in which multi - scale local features are pooled across scale into a single , scale - invariant encoding . both in bag - of - words and the recently popular representations based on convolutional neural networks , local features are computed at multiple scales . however , these multi - scale convolutional features are pooled into a sing ←
→ reconciling bayesian epistemology and narration - based approaches to judiciary fact - finding ; legal probabilism ( lp ) claims the degrees of conviction in juridical fact - finding are to be modeled exactly the way degrees of beliefs are modeled in standard bayesian epistemology . classical legal probabilism ( clp ) adds that the conviction is justified if the credence in guilt given the evidence is above an appropriate guilt probability threshold . the views are challenged on various counts , especially by the prop ←
→ robotic search & rescue via online multi - task reinforcement learning ; reinforcement learning ( rl ) is a general and well - known method that a robot can use to learn an optimal control policy to solve a particular task . we would like to build a versatile robot that can learn multiple tasks , but using rl for each of them would be prohibitively expensive in terms of both time and wear - and - tear on the robot . to remedy this problem , we use the policy gradient efficient lifelong learning algorithm ( pg - ella ), an on ←
→ an intelligent location management approaches in gsm mobile network ; location management refers to the problem of updating and searching the current location of mobile nodes in a wireless network . to make it efficient , the sum of update costs of location database must be minimized . previous work relying on fixed location databases is unable to fully exploit the knowledge of user mobility patterns in the system so as to achieve this minimization . the study presents an intelligent location management approac ←
→ modeling multi - object configurations via medial / skeletal linking structures ; we introduce a method for modeling a configuration of objects in 2d or 3d images using a mathematical " skeletal linking structure " which will simultaneously capture the individual shape features of the objects and their positional information relative to one another . the objects may either have smooth boundaries and be disjoint from the others or share common portions of their boundaries with other objects in a piecewise smooth ←
→ attention to scale : scale - aware semantic image segmentation ; incorporating multi - scale features in fully convolutional neural networks ( fcns ) has been a key element to achieving state - of - the - art performance on semantic image segmentation . one common way to extract multi - scale features is to feed multiple resized input images to a shared deep network and then merge the resulting features for pixelwise classification . in this work , we propose an attention mechanism that learns to softly weight the multi - scal ←
→ simulating ability : representing skills in games ; throughout the history of games , representing the abilities of the various agents acting on behalf of the players has been a central concern . with increasingly sophisticated games emerging , these simulations have become more realistic , but the underlying mechanisms are still , to a large extent , of an ad hoc nature . this paper proposes using a logistic model from psychometrics as a unified mechanism for task resolution in simulation - oriented games .←
→ supermartingales in prediction with expert advice ; we apply the method of defensive forecasting , based on the use of game - theoretic supermartingales , to prediction with expert advice . in the traditional setting of a countable number of experts and a finite number of outcomes , the defensive forecasting algorithm is very close to the well - known aggregating algorithm . not only the performance guarantees but also the predictions are the same for these two methods of fundamentally different nature . we discuss a ←
→ subregular complexity and deep learning ; this paper argues that the judicial use of formal language theory and grammatical inference are invaluable tools in understanding how deep neural networks can and cannot represent and learn long - term dependencies in temporal sequences . learning experiments were conducted with two types of recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) on six formal languages drawn from the strictly local ( sl ) and strictly piecewise ( sp ) classes . the networks were simple rnns ( s - rnns ) and long sho ←
→ visualization of clandestine labs from seizure reports : thematic mapping and data mining research directions ; the problem of spatiotemporal event visualization based on reports entails subtasks ranging from named entity recognition to relationship extraction and mapping of events . we present an approach to event extraction that is driven by data mining and visualization goals , particularly thematic mapping and trend analysis . this paper focuses on bridging the information extraction and visualization tas ←
→ the temporal logic of causal structures ; computational analysis of time - course data with an underlying causal structure is needed in a variety of domains , including neural spike trains , stock price movements , and gene expression levels . however , it can be challenging to determine from just the numerical time course data alone what is coordinating the visible processes , to separate the underlying prima facie causes into genuine and spurious causes and to do so with a feasible computational complexity . for t ←
→ dynamic frame skip deep q network ; deep reinforcement learning methods have achieved state of the art performance in learning control policies for the games in the atari 2600 domain . one of the important parameters in the arcade learning environment ( ale ) is the frame skip rate . it decides the granularity at which agents can control game play . a frame skip value of $ k $ allows the agent to repeat a selected action $ k $ number of times . the current state of the art architectures like deep q - network ( dqn ) and ←
→ cross - calibration of time - of - flight and colour cameras ; time - of - flight cameras provide depth information , which is complementary to the photometric appearance of the scene in ordinary images . it is desirable to merge the depth and colour information , in order to obtain a coherent scene representation . however , the individual cameras will have different viewpoints , resolutions and fields of view , which means that they must be mutually calibrated . this paper presents a geometric framework for this multi - view ←
→ a fusion of appearance based cnns and temporal evolution of skeleton with lstm for daily living action recognition ; in this paper , we propose efficient method which combines skeleton information and appearance features for daily - living action recognition . many rgb methods focus only on short term temporal information obtained from optical flow . skeleton based methods on the other hand show that modeling long term skeleton evolution improves action recognition accuracy . in this paper we propose to fuse sk ←
→ minimizing quadratic functions in constant time ; a sampling - based optimization method for quadratic functions is proposed . our method approximately solves the following $ n $- dimensional quadratic minimization problem in constant time , which is independent of $ n $: $ z ^*=\ min_ {\ mathbf { v } \ in \ mathbb { r }^ n }\ langle \ mathbf { v }, a \ mathbf { v }\ rangle + n \ langle \ mathbf { v }, \ mathrm { diag }(\ mathbf { d })\ mathbf { v }\ rangle + n \ langle \ mathbf { b }, \ mathbf { v }\ rangle $, where $ a \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ n \ times n }$ is a matrix and $\ mathbf {←
→ evaluating color texture descriptors under large variations of controlled lighting conditions ; the recognition of color texture under varying lighting conditions is still an open issue . several features have been proposed for this purpose , ranging from traditional statistical descriptors to features extracted with neural networks . still , it is not completely clear under what circumstances a feature performs better than the others . in this paper we report an extensive comparison of old and new texture fea ←
→ jointly trained sequential labeling and classification by sparse attention neural networks ; sentence - level classification and sequential labeling are two fundamental tasks in language understanding . while these two tasks are usually modeled separately , in reality , they are often correlated , for example in intent classification and slot filling , or in topic classification and named - entity recognition . in order to utilize the potential benefits from their correlations , we propose a jointly trained model fo ←
→ neuromorphic silicon photonic networks ; photonic systems for high - performance information processing have attracted renewed interest . neuromorphic silicon photonics has the potential to integrate processing functions that vastly exceed the capabilities of electronics . we report first observations of a recurrent silicon photonic neural network , in which connections are configured by microring weight banks . a mathematical isomorphism between the silicon photonic circuit and a continuous neural network model ←
→ error corrective boosting for learning fully convolutional networks with limited data ; training deep fully convolutional neural networks ( f - cnns ) for semantic image segmentation requires access to abundant labeled data . while large datasets of unlabeled image data are available in medical applications , access to manually labeled data is very limited . we propose to automatically create auxiliary labels on initially unlabeled data with existing tools and to use them for pre - training . for the subsequent fin ←
→ full first - order sequent and tableau calculi with preservation of solutions and the liberalized delta - rule but without skolemization ; we present a combination of raising , explicit variable dependency representation , the liberalized delta - rule , and preservation of solutions for first - order deductive theorem proving . our main motivation is to provide the foundation for our work on inductive theorem proving , where the preservation of solutions is indispensable .←
→ unsupervised sentence representations as word information series : revisiting tf -- idf ; sentence representation at the semantic level is a challenging task for natural language processing and artificial intelligence . despite the advances in word embeddings ( i . e . word vector representations ), capturing sentence meaning is an open question due to complexities of semantic interactions among words . in this paper , we present an embedding method , which is aimed at learning unsupervised sentence representations f ←
→ anisotropic diffusion - based kernel matrix model for face liveness detection ; facial recognition and verification is a widely used biometric technology in security system . unfortunately , face biometrics is vulnerable to spoofing attacks using photographs or videos . in this paper , we present an anisotropic diffusion - based kernel matrix model ( adkmm ) for face liveness detection to prevent face spoofing attacks . we use the anisotropic diffusion to enhance the edges and boundary locations of a face image , and ←
→ a framework for the interactive resolution of multi - objective vehicle routing problems ; the article presents a framework for the resolution of rich vehicle routing problems which are difficult to address with standard optimization techniques . we use local search on the basis on variable neighborhood search for the construction of the solutions , but embed the techniques in a flexible framework that allows the consideration of complex side constraints of the problem such as time windows , multiple depots , h ←
→ online learning for time series prediction ; in this paper we address the problem of predicting a time series using the arma ( autoregressive moving average ) model , under minimal assumptions on the noise terms . using regret minimization techniques , we develop effective online learning algorithms for the prediction problem , without assuming that the noise terms are gaussian , identically distributed or even independent . furthermore , we show that our algorithm ' s performances asymptotically approaches the perfor ←
→ gans trained by a two time - scale update rule converge to a local nash equilibrium ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) excel at creating realistic images with complex models for which maximum likelihood is infeasible . however , the convergence of gan training has still not been proved . we propose a two time - scale update rule ( ttur ) for training gans with stochastic gradient descent on arbitrary gan loss functions . ttur has an individual learning rate for both the discriminator and the generator . using ←
→ dynamic partition models ; we present a new approach for learning compact and intuitive distributed representations with binary encoding . rather than summing up expert votes as in products of experts , we employ for each variable the opinion of the most reliable expert . data points are hence explained through a partitioning of the variables into expert supports . the partitions are dynamically adapted based on which experts are active . during the learning phase we adopt a smoothed version of this model that u ←
→ best practices in convolutional networks for forward - looking sonar image recognition ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have revolutionized perception for color images , and their application to sonar images has also obtained good results . but in general cnns are difficult to train without a large dataset , need manual tuning of a considerable number of hyperparameters , and require many careful decisions by a designer . in this work , we evaluate three common decisions that need to be made by a cnn designe ←
→ learning taxonomy for text segmentation by formal concept analysis ; in this paper the problems of deriving a taxonomy from a text and concept - oriented text segmentation are approached . formal concept analysis ( fca ) method is applied to solve both of these linguistic problems . the proposed segmentation method offers a conceptual view for text segmentation , using a context - driven clustering of sentences . the concept - oriented clustering segmentation algorithm ( cocs ) is based on k - means linear clustering of th ←
→ accurate , large minibatch sgd : training imagenet in 1 hour ; deep learning thrives with large neural networks and large datasets . however , larger networks and larger datasets result in longer training times that impede research and development progress . distributed synchronous sgd offers a potential solution to this problem by dividing sgd minibatches over a pool of parallel workers . yet to make this scheme efficient , the per - worker workload must be large , which implies nontrivial growth in the sgd minibatc ←
→ learning spike time codes through morphological learning with binary synapses ; in this paper , a neuron with nonlinear dendrites ( nnld ) and binary synapses that is able to learn temporal features of spike input patterns is considered . since binary synapses are considered , learning happens through formation and elimination of connections between the inputs and the dendritic branches to modify the structure or " morphology " of the nnld . a morphological learning algorithm inspired by the ' tempotron ', i . e ., a ←
→ bdd - based reasoning in the fluent calculus - first results ; the paper reports on first preliminary results and insights gained in a project aiming at implementing the fluent calculus using methods and techniques based on binary decision diagrams . after reporting on an initial experiment showing promising results we discuss our findings concerning various techniques and heuristics used to speed up the reasoning process .←
→ deterministic initialization of the k - means algorithm using hierarchical clustering ; k - means is undoubtedly the most widely used partitional clustering algorithm . unfortunately , due to its gradient descent nature , this algorithm is highly sensitive to the initial placement of the cluster centers . numerous initialization methods have been proposed to address this problem . many of these methods , however , have superlinear complexity in the number of data points , making them impractical for large data sets . ←
→ learning hierarchical sparse representations using iterative dictionary learning and dimension reduction ; this paper introduces an elemental building block which combines dictionary learning and dimension reduction ( drdl ). we show how this foundational element can be used to iteratively construct a hierarchical sparse representation ( hsr ) of a sensory stream . we compare our approach to existing models showing the generality of our simple prescription . we then perform preliminary experiments using this fr ←
→ generalized grounding graphs : a probabilistic framework for understanding grounded commands ; many task domains require robots to interpret and act upon natural language commands which are given by people and which refer to the robot ' s physical surroundings . such interpretation is known variously as the symbol grounding problem , grounded semantics and grounded language acquisition . this problem is challenging because people employ diverse vocabulary and grammar , and because robots have substantial uncerta ←
→ stochastic bound majorization ; recently a majorization method for optimizing partition functions of log - linear models was proposed alongside a novel quadratic variational upper - bound . in the batch setting , it outperformed state - of - the - art first - and second - order optimization methods on various learning tasks . we propose a stochastic version of this bound majorization method as well as a low - rank modification for high - dimensional data - sets . the resulting stochastic second - order method outperforms stochastic ←
→ wikireading : a novel large - scale language understanding task over wikipedia ; we present wikireading , a large - scale natural language understanding task and publicly - available dataset with 18 million instances . the task is to predict textual values from the structured knowledge base wikidata by reading the text of the corresponding wikipedia articles . the task contains a rich variety of challenging classification and extraction sub - tasks , making it well - suited for end - to - end models such as deep neural netw ←
→ decentralised firewall for malware detection ; this paper describes the design and development of a decentralized firewall system powered by a novel malware detection engine . the firewall is built using blockchain technology . the detection engine aims to classify portable executable ( pe ) files as malicious or benign . file classification is carried out using a deep belief neural network ( dbn ) as the detection engine . our approach is to model the files as grayscale images and use the dbn to classify those ima ←
→ simple one - pass algorithm for penalized linear regression with cross - validation on mapreduce ; in this paper , we propose a one - pass algorithm on mapreduce for penalized linear regression \[ f_ \ lambda (\ alpha , \ beta ) = \| y - \ alpha \ mathbf { 1 } - x \ beta \| _2 ^ 2 + p_ {\ lambda }(\ beta )\] where $\ alpha $ is the intercept which can be omitted depending on application ; $\ beta $ is the coefficients and $ p_ {\ lambda }$ is the penalized function with penalizing parameter $\ lambda $. $ f_ \ lambda (\ alpha , \ beta )$ includes interes ←
→ using the quaternion ' s representation of individuals in swarm intelligence and evolutionary computation ; this paper introduces a novel idea for representation of individuals using quaternions in swarm intelligence and evolutionary algorithms . quaternions are a number system , which extends complex numbers . they are successfully applied to problems of theoretical physics and to those areas needing fast rotation calculations . we propose the application of quaternions in optimization , more precisely , we have ←
→ on proportions of fit individuals in population of evolutionary algorithm with tournament selection ; in this paper , we consider a fitness - level model of a non - elitist mutation - only evolutionary algorithm ( ea ) with tournament selection . the model provides upper and lower bounds for the expected proportion of the individuals with fitness above given thresholds . in the case of so - called monotone mutation , the obtained bounds imply that increasing the tournament size improves the ea performance . as corollari ←
→ hemingway : modeling distributed optimization algorithms ; distributed optimization algorithms are widely used in many industrial machine learning applications . however choosing the appropriate algorithm and cluster size is often difficult for users as the performance and convergence rate of optimization algorithms vary with the size of the cluster . in this paper we make the case for an ml - optimizer that can select the appropriate algorithm and cluster size to use for a given problem . to do this we propose b ←
→ face detection through scale - friendly deep convolutional networks ; in this paper , we share our experience in designing a convolutional network - based face detector that could handle faces of an extremely wide range of scales . we show that faces with different scales can be modeled through a specialized set of deep convolutional networks with different structures . these detectors can be seamlessly integrated into a single unified network that can be trained end - to - end . in contrast to existing deep models tha ←
→ computing egomotion with local loop closures for egocentric videos ; finding the camera pose is an important step in many egocentric video applications . it has been widely reported that , state of the art slam algorithms fail on egocentric videos . in this paper , we propose a robust method for camera pose estimation , designed specifically for egocentric videos . in an egocentric video , the camera views the same scene point multiple times as the wearer ' s head sweeps back and forth . we use this specific motion p ←
→ selection problems in the presence of implicit bias ; over the past two decades , the notion of implicit bias has come to serve as an important component in our understanding of discrimination in activities such as hiring , promotion , and school admissions . research on implicit bias posits that when people evaluate others -- for example , in a hiring context -- their unconscious biases about membership in particular groups can have an effect on their decision - making , even when they have no deliberate intention ←
→ integral curvature representation and matching algorithms for identification of dolphins and whales ; we address the problem of identifying individual cetaceans from images showing the trailing edge of their fins . given the trailing edge from an unknown individual , we produce a ranking of known individuals from a database . the nicks and notches along the trailing edge define an individual ' s unique signature . we define a representation based on integral curvature that is robust to changes in viewpoint and ←
→ corpus analysis without prior linguistic knowledge - unsupervised mining of phrases and subphrase structure ; when looking at the structure of natural language , " phrases " and " words " are central notions . we consider the problem of identifying such " meaningful subparts " of language of any length and underlying composition principles in a completely corpus - based and language - independent way without using any kind of prior linguistic knowledge . unsupervised methods for identifying " phrases ", mining subphrase ←
→ reinforcement learning in a neurally controlled robot using dopamine modulated stdp ; recent work has shown that dopamine - modulated stdp can solve many of the issues associated with reinforcement learning , such as the distal reward problem . spiking neural networks provide a useful technique in implementing reinforcement learning in an embodied context as they can deal with continuous parameter spaces and as such are better at generalizing the correct behaviour to perform in a given context . in this proj ←
→ multi - rendezvous spacecraft trajectory optimization with beam p - aco ; the design of spacecraft trajectories for missions visiting multiple celestial bodies is here framed as a multi - objective bilevel optimization problem . a comparative study is performed to assess the performance of different beam search algorithms at tackling the combinatorial problem of finding the ideal sequence of bodies . special focus is placed on the development of a new hybridization between beam search and the population - based ant c ←
→ comparison of svm optimization techniques in the primal ; this paper examines the efficacy of different optimization techniques in a primal formulation of a support vector machine ( svm ). three main techniques are compared . the dataset used to compare all three techniques was the sentiment analysis on movie reviews dataset , from kaggle . com .←
→ speculate - correct error bounds for k - nearest neighbor classifiers ; we introduce the speculate - correct method to derive error bounds for local classifiers . using it , we show that k nearest neighbor classifiers , in spite of their famously fractured decision boundaries , have exponential error bounds with o ( sqrt (( k + ln n ) / n )) error bound range for n in - sample examples .←
→ zero shot hashing ; this paper provides a framework to hash images containing instances of unknown object classes . in many object recognition problems , we might have access to huge amount of data . it may so happen that even this huge data doesn ' t cover the objects belonging to classes that we see in our day to day life . zero shot learning exploits auxiliary information ( also called as signatures ) in order to predict the labels corresponding to unknown classes . in this work , we attempt to generate the hash c ←
→ a regularization approach to blind deblurring and denoising of qr barcodes ; qr bar codes are prototypical images for which part of the image is a priori known ( required patterns ). open source bar code readers , such as zbar , are readily available . we exploit both these facts to provide and assess purely regularization - based methods for blind deblurring of qr bar codes in the presence of noise .←
→ automatic detection of ringworm using local binary pattern ( lbp ) ; in this paper we present a novel approach for automatic recognition of ring worm skin disease based on lbp ( local binary pattern ) feature extracted from the affected skin images . the proposed method is evaluated by extensive experiments on the skin images collected from internet . the dataset is tested using three different classifiers i . e . bayesian , mlp and svm . experimental results show that the proposed methodology efficiently discriminate ←
→ model - driven constraint programming ; constraint programming can definitely be seen as a model - driven paradigm . the users write programs for modeling problems . these programs are mapped to executable models to calculate the solutions . this paper focuses on efficient model management ( definition and transformation ). from this point of view , we propose to revisit the design of constraint - programming systems . a model - driven architecture is introduced to map solving - independent constraint models to solving - depe ←
→ predicting video saliency with object - to - motion cnn and two - layer convolutional lstm ; over the past few years , deep neural networks ( dnns ) have exhibited great success in predicting the saliency of images . however , there are few works that apply dnns to predict the saliency of generic videos . in this paper , we propose a novel dnn - based video saliency prediction method . specifically , we establish a large - scale eye - tracking database of videos ( ledov ), which provides sufficient data to train the dnn models ←
→ optimizing phylogenetic supertrees using answer set programming ; the supertree construction problem is about combining several phylogenetic trees with possibly conflicting information into a single tree that has all the leaves of the source trees as its leaves and the relationships between the leaves are as consistent with the source trees as possible . this leads to an optimization problem that is computationally challenging and typically heuristic methods , such as matrix representation with parsimony ( mrp ←
→ emergence of foveal image sampling from learning to attend in visual scenes ; we describe a neural attention model with a learnable retinal sampling lattice . the model is trained on a visual search task requiring the classification of an object embedded in a visual scene amidst background distractors using the smallest number of fixations . we explore the tiling properties that emerge in the model ' s retinal sampling lattice after training . specifically , we show that this lattice resembles the eccentricity ←
→ randomness in deconvolutional networks for visual representation ; toward a deeper understanding on the inner work of deep neural networks , we investigate cnn ( convolutional neural network ) using dcn ( deconvolutional network ) and randomization technique , and gain new insights for the intrinsic property of this network architecture . for the random representations of an untrained cnn , we train the corresponding dcn to reconstruct the input images . compared with the image inversion on pre - trained cnn , our trai ←
→ accelerated gradient boosting ; gradient tree boosting is a prediction algorithm that sequentially produces a model in the form of linear combinations of decision trees , by solving an infinite - dimensional optimization problem . we combine gradient boosting and nesterov ' s accelerated descent to design a new algorithm , which we call agb ( for accelerated gradient boosting ). substantial numerical evidence is provided on both synthetic and real - life data sets to assess the excellent performance of the method in a ←
→ autoencoding topology ; the problem of learning a manifold structure on a dataset is framed in terms of a generative model , to which we use ideas behind autoencoders ( namely adversarial / wasserstein autoencoders ) to fit deep neural networks . from a machine learning perspective , the resulting structure , an atlas of a manifold , may be viewed as a combination of dimensionality reduction and " fuzzy " clustering .←
→ feature decomposition based saliency detection in electron cryo - tomograms ; electron cryo - tomography ( ect ) allows 3d visualization of subcellular structures at the submolecular resolution in close to the native state . however , due to the high degree of structural complexity and imaging limits , the automatic segmentation of cellular components from ect images is very difficult . to complement and speed up existing segmentation methods , it is desirable to develop a generic cell component segmentation method ←
→ local expectation gradients for doubly stochastic variational inference ; we introduce local expectation gradients which is a general purpose stochastic variational inference algorithm for constructing stochastic gradients through sampling from the variational distribution . this algorithm divides the problem of estimating the stochastic gradients over multiple variational parameters into smaller sub - tasks so that each sub - task exploits intelligently the information coming from the most relevant part of the ←
→ gib : imperfect information in a computationally challenging game ; this paper investigates the problems arising in the construction of a program to play the game of contract bridge . these problems include both the difficulty of solving the game ' s perfect information variant , and techniques needed to address the fact that bridge is not , in fact , a perfect information game . gib , the program being described , involves five separate technical advances : partition search , the practical application of monte carlo t ←
→ coalition formability semantics with conflict - eliminable sets of arguments ; we consider abstract - argumentation - theoretic coalition formability in this work . taking a model from political alliance among political parties , we will contemplate profitability , and then formability , of a coalition . as is commonly understood , a group forms a coalition with another group for a greater good , the goodness measured against some criteria . as is also commonly understood , however , a coalition may deliver benefits to a ←
→ intégration des données d ' un lexique syntaxique dans un analyseur syntaxique probabiliste ; this article reports the evaluation of the integration of data from a syntactic - semantic lexicon , the lexicon - grammar of french , into a syntactic parser . we show that by changing the set of labels for verbs and predicational nouns , we can improve the performance on french of a non - lexicalized probabilistic parser .←
→ sparse coding by spiking neural networks : convergence theory and computational results ; in a spiking neural network ( snn ), individual neurons operate autonomously and only communicate with other neurons sparingly and asynchronously via spike signals . these characteristics render a massively parallel hardware implementation of snn a potentially powerful computer , albeit a non von neumann one . but can one guarantee that a snn computer solves some important problems reliably ? in this paper , we formulate a m ←
→ latent contextual bandits and their application to personalized recommendations for new users ; personalized recommendations for new users , also known as the cold - start problem , can be formulated as a contextual bandit problem . existing contextual bandit algorithms generally rely on features alone to capture user variability . such methods are inefficient in learning new users ' interests . in this paper we propose latent contextual bandits . we consider both the benefit of leveraging a set of learned latent ←
→ an empirical analysis of likelihood - weighting simulation on a large , multiply - connected belief network ; we analyzed the convergence properties of likelihood - weighting algorithms on a two - level , multiply connected , belief - network representation of the qmr knowledge base of internal medicine . specifically , on two difficult diagnostic cases , we examined the effects of markov blanket scoring , importance sampling , demonstrating that the markov blanket scoring and self - importance sampling significantly improv ←
→ iterative gaussianization : from ica to random rotations ; most signal processing problems involve the challenging task of multidimensional probability density function ( pdf ) estimation . in this work , we propose a solution to this problem by using a family of rotation - based iterative gaussianization ( rbig ) transforms . the general framework consists of the sequential application of a univariate marginal gaussianization transform followed by an orthonormal transform . the proposed procedure looks for differenti ←
→ efficient knowledge base management in dcsp ; dcsp ( distributed constraint satisfaction problem ) has been a very important research area in ai ( artificial intelligence ). there are many application problems in distributed ai that can be formalized as dscps . with the increasing complexity and problem size of the application problems in ai , the required storage place in searching and the average searching time are increasing too . thus , to use a limited storage place efficiently in solving dcsp becomes a very i ←
→ a gradient descent technique coupled with a dynamic simulation to determine the near optimum orientation of floor plan designs ; a prototype tool to assist architects during the early design stage of floor plans has been developed , consisting of an evolutionary program for the space allocation problem ( epsap ), which generates sets of floor plan alternatives according to the architect ' s preferences ; and a floor plan performance optimization program ( fpop ), which optimizes the selected solutions according t ←
→ compositional memory for visual question answering ; visual question answering ( vqa ) emerges as one of the most fascinating topics in computer vision recently . many state of the art methods naively use holistic visual features with language features into a long short - term memory ( lstm ) module , neglecting the sophisticated interaction between them . this coarse modeling also blocks the possibilities of exploring finer - grained local features that contribute to the question answering dynamically over time . th ←
→ presenting a new dataset for the timeline generation problem ; the timeline generation task summarises an entity ' s biography by selecting stories representing key events from a large pool of relevant documents . this paper addresses the lack of a standard dataset and evaluative methodology for the problem . we present and make publicly available a new dataset of 18 , 793 news articles covering 39 entities . for each entity , we provide a gold standard timeline and a set of entity - related articles . we propose roug ←
→ end - to - end learning of video super - resolution with motion compensation ; learning approaches have shown great success in the task of super - resolving an image given a low resolution input . video super - resolution aims for exploiting additionally the information from multiple images . typically , the images are related via optical flow and consecutive image warping . in this paper , we provide an end - to - end video super - resolution network that , in contrast to previous works , includes the estimation of optical flow ←
→ learning to transfer privileged information ; we introduce a learning framework called learning using privileged information ( lupi ) to the computer vision field . we focus on the prototypical computer vision problem of teaching computers to recognize objects in images . we want the computers to be able to learn faster at the expense of providing extra information during training time . as additional information about the image data , we look at several scenarios that have been studied in computer vision before :←
→ structure learning of probabilistic logic programs by searching the clause space ; learning probabilistic logic programming languages is receiving an increasing attention and systems are available for learning the parameters ( prism , leproblog , lfi - problog and emblem ) or both the structure and the parameters ( sem - cp - logic and slipcase ) of these languages . in this paper we present the algorithm slipcover for " structure learning of probabilistic logic programs by searching over the clause space ". it performs ←
→ algorithmically probable mutations reproduce aspects of evolution such as convergence rate , genetic memory , modularity , diversity explosions , and mass extinction ; natural selection explains how life has evolved over millions of years from more primitive forms . the speed at which this happens , however , has sometimes defied explanations based on random ( uniformly distributed ) mutations . here we investigate the application of algorithmic mutations ( no recombination ) to binary matrices drawn from numerical ←
→ detecting and recognizing human - object interactions ; to understand the visual world , a machine must not only recognize individual object instances but also how they interact . humans are often at the center of such interactions and detecting human - object interactions is an important practical and scientific problem . in this paper , we address the task of detecting < human , verb , object > triplets in challenging everyday photos . we propose a novel model that is driven by a human - centric approach . our hypothesis ←
→ sample - efficient algorithms for recovering structured signals from magnitude - only measurements ; we consider the problem of recovering a signal $\ mathbf { x }^* \ in \ mathbf { r }^ n $, from magnitude - only measurements $ y_i = |\ left \ langle \ mathbf { a } _i ,\ mathbf { x }^*\ right \ rangle |$ for $ i =[ m ]$. also called the phase retrieval , this is a fundamental challenge in bio -, astronomical imaging and speech processing . the problem above is ill - posed ; additional assumptions on the signal and / or the measurements are necessary . i ←
→ non - convex robust pca ; we propose a new method for robust pca -- the task of recovering a low - rank matrix from sparse corruptions that are of unknown value and support . our method involves alternating between projecting appropriate residuals onto the set of low - rank matrices , and the set of sparse matrices ; each projection is {\ em non - convex } but easy to compute . in spite of this non - convexity , we establish exact recovery of the low - rank matrix , under the same conditions that are required by existing metho ←
→ a fatal point concept and a low - sensitivity quantitative measure for traffic safety analytics ; the variability of the clusters generated by clustering techniques in the domain of latitude and longitude variables of fatal crash data are significantly unpredictable . this unpredictability , caused by the randomness of fatal crash incidents , reduces the accuracy of crash frequency ( i . e ., counts of fatal crashes per cluster ) which is used to measure traffic safety in practice . in this paper , a quantitative mea ←
→ effective connectivity - based neural decoding : a causal interaction - driven approach ; we propose a geometric model - free causality measurebased on multivariate delay embedding that can efficiently detect linear and nonlinear causal interactions between time series with no prior information . we then exploit the proposed causal interaction measure in real meg data analysis . the results are used to construct effective connectivity maps of brain activity to decode different categories of visual stimuli . moreove ←
→ lasso and equivalent quadratic penalized models ; the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator ( lasso ) and ridge regression produce usually different estimates although input , loss function and parameterization of the penalty are identical . in this paper we look for ridge and lasso models with identical solution set . it turns out , that the lasso model with shrink vector $\ lambda $ and a quadratic penalized model with shrink matrix as outer product of $\ lambda $ with itself are equivalent , in the sens ←
→ is neural machine translation ready for deployment ? a case study on 30 translation directions ; in this paper we provide the largest published comparison of translation quality for phrase - based smt and neural machine translation across 30 translation directions . for ten directions we also include hierarchical phrase - based mt . experiments are performed for the recently published united nations parallel corpus v1 . 0 and its large six - way sentence - aligned subcorpus . in the second part of the paper we investig ←
→ proceedings of the twenty - third conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 2007 ) ; this is the proceedings of the twenty - third conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in vancouver , british columbia , july 19 - 22 2007 .←
→ global pose estimation with an attention - based recurrent network ; the ability for an agent to localize itself within an environment is crucial for many real - world applications . for unknown environments , simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ) enables incremental and concurrent building of and localizing within a map . we present a new , differentiable architecture , neural graph optimizer , progressing towards a complete neural network solution for slam by designing a system composed of a local pose estim ←
→ context - dependent fine - grained entity type tagging ; entity type tagging is the task of assigning category labels to each mention of an entity in a document . while standard systems focus on a small set of types , recent work ( ling and weld , 2012 ) suggests that using a large fine - grained label set can lead to dramatic improvements in downstream tasks . in the absence of labeled training data , existing fine - grained tagging systems obtain examples automatically , using resolved entities and their types extracted ←
→ deep visual domain adaptation : a survey ; deep domain adaption has emerged as a new learning technique to address the lack of massive amounts of labeled data . compared to conventional methods , which learn shared feature subspaces or reuse important source instances with shallow representations , deep domain adaption methods leverage deep networks to learn more transferable representations by embedding domain adaptation in the pipeline of deep learning . there have been comprehensive surveys for shallow domain ←
→ proceedings of the eighteenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 2002 ) ; this is the proceedings of the eighteenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in alberta , canada , august 1 - 4 2002 ←
→ methods for interpreting and understanding deep neural networks ; this paper provides an entry point to the problem of interpreting a deep neural network model and explaining its predictions . it is based on a tutorial given at icassp 2017 . it introduces some recently proposed techniques of interpretation , along with theory , tricks and recommendations , to make most efficient use of these techniques on real data . it also discusses a number of practical applications .←
→ deep - learning - based data page classification for holographic memory ; we propose a deep - learning - based classification of data pages used in holographic memory . we numerically investigated the classification performance of a conventional multi - layer perceptron ( mlp ) and a deep neural network , under the condition that reconstructed page data are contaminated by some noise and are randomly laterally shifted . the mlp was found to have a classification accuracy of 91 . 58 %, whereas the deep neural network was able ←
→ in search of an entity resolution oasis : optimal asymptotic sequential importance sampling ; entity resolution ( er ) presents unique challenges for evaluation methodology . while crowdsourcing platforms acquire ground truth , sound approaches to sampling must drive labelling efforts . in er , extreme class imbalance between matching and non - matching records can lead to enormous labelling requirements when seeking statistically consistent estimates for rigorous evaluation . this paper addresses this important ch ←
→ fast screening algorithm for rotation and scale invariant template matching ; this paper presents a generic pre - processor for expediting conventional template matching techniques . instead of locating the best matched patch in the reference image to a query template via exhaustive search , the proposed algorithm rules out regions with no possible matches with minimum computational efforts . while working on simple patch features , such as mean , variance and gradient , the fast pre - screening is highly discrimin ←
→ how to merge three different methods for information filtering ? ; twitter is now a gold marketing tool for entities concerned with online reputation . to automatically monitor online reputation of entities , systems have to deal with ambiguous entity names , polarity detection and topic detection . we propose three approaches to tackle the first issue : monitoring twitter in order to find relevant tweets about a given entity . evaluated within the framework of the replab - 2013 filtering task , each of them has be ←
→ fisher pruning of deep nets for facial trait classification ; although deep nets have resulted in high accuracies for various visual tasks , their computational and space requirements are prohibitively high for inclusion on devices without high - end gpus . in this paper , we introduce a neuron / filter level pruning framework based on fisher ' s lda which leads to high accuracies for a wide array of facial trait classification tasks , while significantly reducing space / computational complexities . the approach is gen ←
→ a deep - reinforcement learning approach for software - defined networking routing optimization ; in this paper we design and evaluate a deep - reinforcement learning agent that optimizes routing . our agent adapts automatically to current traffic conditions and proposes tailored configurations that attempt to minimize the network delay . experiments show very promising performance . moreover , this approach provides important operational advantages with respect to traditional optimization algorithms .←
→ deep interest network for click - through rate prediction ; to better extract users ' interest by exploiting the rich historical behavior data is crucial for building the click - through rate ( ctr ) prediction model in the online advertising system in e - commerce industry . there are two key observations on user behavior data : i ) \ textbf { diversity }. users are interested in different kinds of goods when visiting e - commerce site . ii ) \ textbf { local activation }. whether users click or not click a good depends only on p ←
→ unconstrained online linear learning in hilbert spaces : minimax algorithms and normal approximations ; we study algorithms for online linear optimization in hilbert spaces , focusing on the case where the player is unconstrained . we develop a novel characterization of a large class of minimax algorithms , recovering , and even improving , several previous results as immediate corollaries . moreover , using our tools , we develop an algorithm that provides a regret bound of $\ mathcal { o }\ big ( u \ sqrt { t \ log ( u \ sqrt ←
→ beyond counting : comparisons of density maps for crowd analysis tasks - counting , detection , and tracking ; for crowded scenes , the accuracy of object - based computer vision methods declines when the images are low - resolution and objects have severe occlusions . taking counting methods for example , almost all the recent state - of - the - art counting methods bypass explicit detection and adopt regression - based methods to directly count the objects of interest . among regression - based methods , density map estimati ←
→ quo vadis , action recognition ? a new model and the kinetics dataset ; the paucity of videos in current action classification datasets ( ucf - 101 and hmdb - 51 ) has made it difficult to identify good video architectures , as most methods obtain similar performance on existing small - scale benchmarks . this paper re - evaluates state - of - the - art architectures in light of the new kinetics human action video dataset . kinetics has two orders of magnitude more data , with 400 human action classes and over 400 clips per clas ←
→ asymmetric lsh ( alsh ) for sublinear time maximum inner product search ( mips ) ; we present the first provably sublinear time algorithm for approximate \ emph { maximum inner product search } ( mips ). our proposal is also the first hashing algorithm for searching with ( un - normalized ) inner product as the underlying similarity measure . finding hashing schemes for mips was considered hard . we formally show that the existing locality sensitive hashing ( lsh ) framework is insufficient for solving mips , and then we ex ←
→ estimation of soil moisture in paddy field using artificial neural networks ; in paddy field , monitoring soil moisture is required for irrigation scheduling and water resource allocation , management and planning . the current study proposes an artificial neural networks ( ann ) model to estimate soil moisture in paddy field with limited meteorological data . dynamic of ann model was adopted to estimate soil moisture with the inputs of reference evapotranspiration ( eto ) and precipitation . eto was firstly estim ←
→ revisiting bayesian blind deconvolution ; blind deconvolution involves the estimation of a sharp signal or image given only a blurry observation . because this problem is fundamentally ill - posed , strong priors on both the sharp image and blur kernel are required to regularize the solution space . while this naturally leads to a standard map estimation framework , performance is compromised by unknown trade - off parameter settings , optimization heuristics , and convergence issues stemming from non - convexity and / o ←
→ learning a deep embedding model for zero - shot learning ; zero - shot learning ( zsl ) models rely on learning a joint embedding space where both textual / semantic description of object classes and visual representation of object images can be projected to for nearest neighbour search . despite the success of deep neural networks that learn an end - to - end model between text and images in other vision problems such as image captioning , very few deep zsl model exists and they show little advantage over zsl models tha ←
→ code similarity on high level programs ; this paper presents a new approach for code similarity on high level programs . our technique is based on fast dynamic time warping , that builds a warp path or points relation with local restrictions . the source code is represented into time series using the operators inside programming languages that makes possible the comparison . this makes possible subsequence detection that represent similar code instructions . in contrast with other code similarity algorithms , we ←
→ just ask : building an architecture for extensible self - service spoken language understanding ; this paper presents the design of the machine learning architecture that underlies the alexa skills kit ( ask ) a large scale spoken language understanding ( slu ) software development kit ( sdk ) that enables developers to extend the capabilities of amazon ' s virtual assistant , alexa . at amazon , the infrastructure powers over 25 , 000 skills deployed through the ask , as well as aws ' s amazon lex slu service . the ask emph ←
→ tvae : triplet - based variational autoencoder using metric learning ; deep metric learning has been demonstrated to be highly effective in learning semantic representation and encoding information that can be used to measure data similarity , by relying on the embedding learned from metric learning . at the same time , variational autoencoder ( vae ) has widely been used to approximate inference and proved to have a good performance for directed probabilistic models . however , for traditional vae , the data label or ←
→ directly estimating the variance of the λ - return using temporal - difference methods ; this paper investigates estimating the variance of a temporal - difference learning agent ' s update target . most reinforcement learning methods use an estimate of the value function , which captures how good it is for the agent to be in a particular state and is mathematically expressed as the expected sum of discounted future rewards ( called the return ). these values can be straightforwardly estimated by averaging batches of ←
→ pipe : personalizing recommendations via partial evaluation ; it is shown that personalization of web content can be advantageously viewed as a form of partial evaluation --- a technique well known in the programming languages community . the basic idea is to model a recommendation space as a program , then partially evaluate this program with respect to user preferences ( and features ) to obtain specialized content . this technique supports both content - based and collaborative approaches , and is applicable to a ←
→ generalized rank pooling for activity recognition ; most popular deep models for action recognition split video sequences into short sub - sequences consisting of a few frames ; frame - based features are then pooled for recognizing the activity . usually , this pooling step discards the temporal order of the frames , which could otherwise be used for better recognition . towards this end , we propose a novel pooling method , generalized rank pooling ( grp ), that takes as input , features from the intermediate layers of ←
→ graph - based manifold frequency analysis for denoising ; we propose a new framework for manifold denoising based on processing in the graph fourier frequency domain , derived from the spectral decomposition of the discrete graph laplacian . our approach uses the spectral graph wavelet transform in order to per - form non - iterative denoising directly in the graph frequency domain , an approach inspired by conventional wavelet - based signal denoising methods . we theoretically justify our approach , based on the fact ←
→ enhancement of image resolution by binarization ; image segmentation is one of the principal approaches of image processing . the choice of the most appropriate binarization algorithm for each case proved to be a very interesting procedure itself . in this paper , we have done the comparison study between the various algorithms based on binarization algorithms and propose a methodologies for the validation of binarization algorithms . in this work we have developed two novel algorithms to determine threshold va ←
→ a robust transformation - based learning approach using ripple down rules for part - of - speech tagging ; in this paper , we propose a new approach to construct a system of transformation rules for the part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging task . our approach is based on an incremental knowledge acquisition method where rules are stored in an exception structure and new rules are only added to correct the errors of existing rules ; thus allowing systematic control of the interaction between the rules . experimental results ←
→ generation of multimedia artifacts : an extractive summarization - based approach ; we explore methods for content selection and address the issue of coherence in the context of the generation of multimedia artifacts . we use audio and video to present two case studies : generation of film tributes , and lecture - driven science talks . for content selection , we use centrality - based and diversity - based summarization , along with topic analysis . to establish coherence , we use the emotional content of music , for film ←
→ joint embedding and classification for sar target recognition ; deep learning can be an effective and efficient means to automatically detect and classify targets in synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) images , but it is critical for trained neural networks to be robust to variations that exist between training and test environments . the layers in a neural network can be understood as successive transformations of an input image into embedded feature representations and ultimately into a semantic class label . to ←
→ ai in arbitrary world ; in order to build ai we have to create a program which copes well in an arbitrary world . in this paper we will restrict our attention on one concrete world , which represents the game tick - tack - toe . this world is a very simple one but it is sufficiently complicated for our task because most people cannot manage with it . the main difficulty in this world is that the player cannot see the entire internal state of the world so he has to build a model in order to understand the world . the ←
→ lancaster a at semeval - 2017 task 5 : evaluation metrics matter : predicting sentiment from financial news headlines ; this paper describes our participation in task 5 track 2 of semeval 2017 to predict the sentiment of financial news headlines for a specific company on a continuous scale between - 1 and 1 . we tackled the problem using a number of approaches , utilising a support vector regression ( svr ) and a bidirectional long short - term memory ( blstm ). we found an improvement of 4 - 6 % using the lstm model ove ←
→ doc : deep open classification of text documents ; traditional supervised learning makes the closed - world assumption that the classes appeared in the test data must have appeared in training . this also applies to text learning or text classification . as learning is used increasingly in dynamic open environments where some new / test documents may not belong to any of the training classes , identifying these novel documents during classification presents an important problem . this problem is called open - world cl ←
→ handwriting trajectory recovery using end - to - end deep encoder - decoder network ; in this paper , we introduce a novel technique to recover the pen trajectory of offline characters which is a crucial step for handwritten character recognition . generally , online acquisition approach has more advantage than its offline counterpart as the online technique keeps track of the pen movement . hence , pen tip trajectory retrieval from offline text can bridge the gap between online and offline methods . our proposed fra ←
→ rapidly mixing gibbs sampling for a class of factor graphs using hierarchy width ; gibbs sampling on factor graphs is a widely used inference technique , which often produces good empirical results . theoretical guarantees for its performance are weak : even for tree structured graphs , the mixing time of gibbs may be exponential in the number of variables . to help understand the behavior of gibbs sampling , we introduce a new ( hyper ) graph property , called hierarchy width . we show that under suitable condition ←
→ a functional regression approach to facial landmark tracking ; linear regression is a fundamental building block in many face detection and tracking algorithms , typically used to predict shape displacements from image features through a linear mapping . this paper presents a functional regression solution to the least squares problem , which we coin continuous regression , resulting in the first real - time incremental face tracker . contrary to prior work in functional regression , in which b - splines or fourier s ←
→ intelligent automated diagnosis of client device bottlenecks in private clouds ; we present an automated solution for rapid diagnosis of client device problems in private cloud environments : the intelligent automated client diagnostic ( iacd ) system . clients are diagnosed with the aid of transmission control protocol ( tcp ) packet traces , by ( i ) observation of anomalous artifacts occurring as a result of each fault and ( ii ) subsequent use of the inference capabilities of soft - margin support vector machine (←
→ swaf : swarm algorithm framework for numerical optimization ; a swarm algorithm framework ( swaf ), realized by agent - based modeling , is presented to solve numerical optimization problems . each agent is a bare bones cognitive architecture , which learns knowledge by appropriately deploying a set of simple rules in fast and frugal heuristics . two essential categories of rules , the generate - and - test and the problem - formulation rules , are implemented , and both of the macro rules by simple combination and subsymbol ←
→ paving the way for image understanding : a new kind of image decomposition is desired ; in this paper we present an unconventional image segmentation approach which is devised to meet the requirements of image understanding and pattern recognition tasks . generally image understanding assumes interplay of two sub - processes : image information content discovery and image information content interpretation . despite of its widespread use , the notion of " image information content " is still ill defined , intuitive ←
→ semantic photometric bundle adjustment on natural sequences ; the problem of obtaining dense reconstruction of an object in a natural sequence of images has been long studied in computer vision . classically this problem has been solved through the application of bundle adjustment ( ba ). more recently , excellent results have been attained through the application of photometric bundle adjustment ( pba ) methods -- which directly minimize the photometric error across frames . a fundamental drawback to ba & pba , ho ←
→ a multi - modal approach to infer image affect ; the group affect or emotion in an image of people can be inferred by extracting features about both the people in the picture and the overall makeup of the scene . the state - of - the - art on this problem investigates a combination of facial features , scene extraction and even audio tonality . this paper combines three additional modalities , namely , human pose , text - based tagging and cnn extracted features / predictions . to the best of our knowledge , this is the firs ←
→ a study of metrics of distance and correlation between ranked lists for compositionality detection ; compositionality in language refers to how much the meaning of some phrase can be decomposed into the meaning of its constituents and the way these constituents are combined . based on the premise that substitution by synonyms is meaning - preserving , compositionality can be approximated as the semantic similarity between a phrase and a version of that phrase where words have been replaced by their synonyms . ←
→ universal , unsupervised ( rule - based ), uncovered sentiment analysis ; we present a novel unsupervised approach for multilingual sentiment analysis driven by compositional syntax - based rules . on the one hand , we exploit some of the main advantages of unsupervised algorithms : ( 1 ) the interpretability of their output , in contrast with most supervised models , which behave as a black box and ( 2 ) their robustness across different corpora and domains . on the other hand , by introducing the concept of compositional o ←
→ a deep learning model for estimating story points ; although there has been substantial research in software analytics for effort estimation in traditional software projects , little work has been done for estimation in agile projects , especially estimating user stories or issues . story points are the most common unit of measure used for estimating the effort involved in implementing a user story or resolving an issue . in this paper , we offer for the \ emph { first } time a comprehensive dataset for story points ←
→ ganc : greedy agglomerative normalized cut ; this paper describes a graph clustering algorithm that aims to minimize the normalized cut criterion and has a model order selection procedure . the performance of the proposed algorithm is comparable to spectral approaches in terms of minimizing normalized cut . however , unlike spectral approaches , the proposed algorithm scales to graphs with millions of nodes and edges . the algorithm consists of three components that are processed sequentially : a greedy agglomerat ←
→ probabilistic typology : deep generative models of vowel inventories ; linguistic typology studies the range of structures present in human language . the main goal of the field is to discover which sets of possible phenomena are universal , and which are merely frequent . for example , all languages have vowels , while most --- but not all --- languages have an / u / sound . in this paper we present the first probabilistic treatment of a basic question in phonological typology : what makes a natural vowel inventory ? we ←
→ bayesian time - of - flight for realtime shape , illumination and albedo ; we propose a computational model for shape , illumination and albedo inference in a pulsed time - of - flight ( tof ) camera . in contrast to tof cameras based on phase modulation , our camera enables general exposure profiles . this results in added flexibility and requires novel computational approaches . to address this challenge we propose a generative probabilistic model that accurately relates latent imaging conditions to observed camera res ←
→ intent inference and syntactic tracking with gmti measurements ; in conventional target tracking systems , human operators use the estimated target tracks to make higher level inference of the target behaviour / intent . this paper develops syntactic filtering algorithms that assist human operators by extracting spatial patterns from target tracks to identify suspicious / anomalous spatial trajectories . the targets ' spatial trajectories are modeled by a stochastic context free grammar ( scfg ) and a switched mode s ←
→ iris codes classification using discriminant and witness directions ; the main topic discussed in this paper is how to use intelligence for biometric decision defuzzification . a neural training model is proposed and tested here as a possible solution for dealing with natural fuzzification that appears between the intra - and inter - class distribution of scores computed during iris recognition tests . it is shown here that the use of proposed neural network support leads to an improvement in the artificial perc ←
→ shift - reduce constituent parsing with neural lookahead features ; transition - based models can be fast and accurate for constituent parsing . compared with chart - based models , they leverage richer features by extracting history information from a parser stack , which spans over non - local constituents . on the other hand , during incremental parsing , constituent information on the right hand side of the current word is not utilized , which is a relative weakness of shift - reduce parsing . to address this limitation ,←
→ machine learning for machine data from a cati network ; this is a machine learning application paper involving big data . we present high - accuracy prediction methods of rare events in semi - structured machine log files , which are produced at high velocity and high volume by norc ' s computer - assisted telephone interviewing ( cati ) network for conducting surveys . we judiciously apply natural language processing ( nlp ) techniques and data - mining strategies to train effective learning and prediction models for class ←
→ directional cross diamond search algorithm for fast block motion estimation ; in block - matching motion estimation ( bmme ), the search patterns have a significant impact on the algorithm ' s performance , both the search speed and the search quality . the search pattern should be designed to fit the motion vector probability ( mvp ) distribution characteristics of the real - world sequences . in this paper , we build a directional model of mvp distribution to describe the directional - center - biased characteristic of t ←
→ the heart of an image : quantum superposition and entanglement in visual perception ; we analyse the way in which the principle that ' the whole is greater than the sum of its parts ' manifests itself with phenomena of visual perception . for this investigation we use insights and techniques coming from quantum cognition , and more specifically we are inspired by the correspondence of this principle with the phenomenon of the conjunction effect in human cognition . we identify entities of meaning within artefac ←
→ semantic - based anomalous pattern discovery in moving object trajectories ; in this work , we investigate a novel semantic approach for pattern discovery in trajectories that , relying on ontologies , enhances object movement information with event semantics . the approach can be applied to the detection of movement patterns and behaviors whenever the semantics of events occurring along the trajectory is , explicitly or implicitly , available . in particular , we tested it against an exacting case scenario in mariti ←
→ fast - forward video based on semantic extraction ; thanks to the low operational cost and large storage capacity of smartphones and wearable devices , people are recording many hours of daily activities , sport actions and home videos . these videos , also known as egocentric videos , are generally long - running streams with unedited content , which make them boring and visually unpalatable , bringing up the challenge to make egocentric videos more appealing . in this work we propose a novel methodology to compose th ←
→ practical inexact proximal quasi - newton method with global complexity analysis ; recently several methods were proposed for sparse optimization which make careful use of second - order information [ 10 , 28 , 16 , 3 ] to improve local convergence rates . these methods construct a composite quadratic approximation using hessian information , optimize this approximation using a first - order method , such as coordinate descent and employ a line search to ensure sufficient descent . here we propose a general framework , w ←
→ compositional sentence representation from character within large context text ; this paper describes a hierarchical composition recurrent network ( hcrn ) consisting of a 3 - level hierarchy of compositional models : character , word and sentence . this model is designed to overcome two problems of representing a sentence on the basis of a constituent word sequence . the first is a data - sparsity problem in word embedding , and the other is a no usage of inter - sentence dependency . in the hcrn , word representations ←
→ a unified heuristic and an annotated bibliography for a large class of earliness - tardiness scheduling problems ; this work proposes a unified heuristic algorithm for a large class of earliness - tardiness ( e - t ) scheduling problems . we consider single / parallel machine e - t problems that may or may not consider some additional features such as idle time , setup times and release dates . in addition , we also consider those problems whose objective is to minimize either the total ( average ) weighted completion time ←
→ predicting shim gaps in aircraft assembly with machine learning and sparse sensing ; a modern aircraft may require on the order of thousands of custom shims to fill gaps between structural components in the airframe that arise due to manufacturing tolerances adding up across large structures . these shims are necessary to eliminate gaps , maintain structural performance , and minimize pull - down forces required to bring the aircraft into engineering nominal configuration for peak aerodynamic efficiency . gap f ←
→ multi - modal bayesian embeddings for learning social knowledge graphs ; we study the extent to which online social networks can be connected to open knowledge bases . the problem is referred to as learning social knowledge graphs . we propose a multi - modal bayesian embedding model , genvector , to learn latent topics that generate word and network embeddings . genvector leverages large - scale unlabeled data with embeddings and represents data of two modalities --- i . e ., social network users and knowledge concepts ---←
→ random binary mappings for kernel learning and efficient svm ; support vector machines ( svms ) are powerful learners that have led to state - of - the - art results in various computer vision problems . svms suffer from various drawbacks in terms of selecting the right kernel , which depends on the image descriptors , as well as computational and memory efficiency . this paper introduces a novel kernel , which serves such issues well . the kernel is learned by exploiting a large amount of low - complex , randomized binary ←
→ latent constrained correlation filter ; correlation filters are special classifiers designed for shift - invariant object recognition , which are robust to pattern distortions . the recent literature shows that combining a set of sub - filters trained based on a single or a small group of images obtains the best performance . the idea is equivalent to estimating variable distribution based on the data sampling ( bagging ), which can be interpreted as finding solutions ( variable distribution approximation ) directly f ←
→ reducing training requirements through evolutionary based dimension reduction and subject transfer ; training brain computer interface ( bci ) systems to understand the intention of a subject through electroencephalogram ( eeg ) data currently requires multiple training sessions with a subject in order to develop the necessary expertise to distinguish signals for different tasks . conventionally the task of training the subject is done by introducing a training and calibration stage during which some feedback ←
→ fast scene understanding for autonomous driving ; most approaches for instance - aware semantic labeling traditionally focus on accuracy . other aspects like runtime and memory footprint are arguably as important for real - time applications such as autonomous driving . motivated by this observation and inspired by recent works that tackle multiple tasks with a single integrated architecture , in this paper we present a real - time efficient implementation based on enet that solves three autonomous driving related t ←
→ labeled pupils in the wild : a dataset for studying pupil detection in unconstrained environments ; we present labelled pupils in the wild ( lpw ), a novel dataset of 66 high - quality , high - speed eye region videos for the development and evaluation of pupil detection algorithms . the videos in our dataset were recorded from 22 participants in everyday locations at about 95 fps using a state - of - the - art dark - pupil head - mounted eye tracker . they cover people with different ethnicities , a diverse set of everyday i ←
→ gadei : on scale - up training as a service for deep learning ; deep learning ( dl ) training - as - a - service ( taas ) is an important emerging industrial workload . the unique challenge of taas is that it must satisfy a wide range of customers who have no experience and resources to tune dl hyper - parameters , and meticulous tuning for each user ' s dataset is prohibitively expensive . therefore , taas hyper - parameters must be fixed with values that are applicable to all users . ibm watson natural language classifier ( nlc ) ←
→ modal regression based atomic representation for robust face recognition ; representation based classification ( rc ) methods such as sparse rc ( src ) have shown great potential in face recognition in recent years . most previous rc methods are based on the conventional regression models , such as lasso regression , ridge regression or group lasso regression . these regression models essentially impose a predefined assumption on the distribution of the noise variable in the query sample , such as the gaussian or la ←
→ on chase termination beyond stratification ; we study the termination problem of the chase algorithm , a central tool in various database problems such as the constraint implication problem , conjunctive query optimization , rewriting queries using views , data exchange , and data integration . the basic idea of the chase is , given a database instance and a set of constraints as input , to fix constraint violations in the database instance . it is well - known that , for an arbitrary set of constraints , the chase does ←
→ disentangled representations for manipulation of sentiment in text ; the ability to change arbitrary aspects of a text while leaving the core message intact could have a strong impact in fields like marketing and politics by enabling e . g . automatic optimization of message impact and personalized language adapted to the receiver ' s profile . in this paper we take a first step towards such a system by presenting an algorithm that can manipulate the sentiment of a text while preserving its semantics using disent ←
→ image processing ; gabor filters can extract multi - orientation and multiscale features from face images . researchers have designed different ways to use the magnitude of the filtered results for face recognition : gabor fisher classifier exploited only the magnitude information of gabor magnitude pictures ( gmps ); local gabor binary pattern uses only the gradient information . in this paper , we regard gmps as smooth surfaces . by completely describing the shape of gmps , we get a face representation method calle ←
→ efficient and principled score estimation with nyström kernel exponential families ; we propose a fast method with statistical guarantees for learning an exponential family density model where the natural parameter is in a reproducing kernel hilbert space , and may be infinite - dimensional . the model is learned by fitting the derivative of the log density , the score , thus avoiding the need to compute a normalization constant . our approach improves the computational efficiency of an earlier solution by using ←
→ a simplified description of fuzzy topsis ; a simplified description of fuzzy topsis ( technique for order preference by similarity to ideal situation ) is presented . we have adapted the topsis description from existing fuzzy theory literature and distilled the bare minimum concepts required for understanding and applying topsis . an example has been worked out to illustrate the application of topsis for a multi - criteria group decision making scenario .←
→ parle : parallelizing stochastic gradient descent ; we propose a new algorithm called parle for parallel training of deep networks that converges 2 - 4x faster than a data - parallel implementation of sgd , while achieving significantly improved error rates that are nearly state - of - the - art on several benchmarks including cifar - 10 and cifar - 100 , without introducing any additional hyper - parameters . we exploit the phenomenon of flat minima that has been shown to lead to improved generalization error for deep network ←
→ on voting and facility location ; we study mechanisms for candidate selection that seek to minimize the social cost , where voters and candidates are associated with points in some underlying metric space . the social cost of a candidate is the sum of its distances to each voter . some of our work assumes that these points can be modeled on a real line , but other results of ours are more general . a question closely related to candidate selection is that of minimizing the sum of distances for facility locatio ←
→ generalized conditional gradient : analysis of convergence and applications ; the objectives of this technical report is to provide additional results on the generalized conditional gradient methods introduced by bredies et al . [ blm05 ]. indeed , when the objective function is smooth , we provide a novel certificate of optimality and we show that the algorithm has a linear convergence rate . applications of this algorithm are also discussed .←
→ using first - order probability logic for the construction of bayesian networks ; we present a mechanism for constructing graphical models , specifically bayesian networks , from a knowledge base of general probabilistic information . the unique feature of our approach is that it uses a powerful first - order probabilistic logic for expressing the general knowledge base . this logic allows for the representation of a wide range of logical and probabilistic information . the model construction procedure we propose ←
→ unthule : an incremental graph construction process for robust road map extraction from aerial images ; the availability of highly accurate maps has become crucial due to the increasing importance of location - based mobile applications as well as autonomous vehicles . however , mapping roads is currently an expensive and human - intensive process . high - resolution aerial imagery provides a promising avenue to automatically infer a road network . prior work uses convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to detect which ←
→ reinforcement learning with a corrupted reward channel ; no real - world reward function is perfect . sensory errors and software bugs may result in rl agents observing higher ( or lower ) rewards than they should . for example , a reinforcement learning agent may prefer states where a sensory error gives it the maximum reward , but where the true reward is actually small . we formalise this problem as a generalised markov decision problem called corrupt reward mdp . traditional rl methods fare poorly in crmdps , even ←
→ optimizing dialogue management with reinforcement learning : experiments with the njfun system ; designing the dialogue policy of a spoken dialogue system involves many nontrivial choices . this paper presents a reinforcement learning approach for automatically optimizing a dialogue policy , which addresses the technical challenges in applying reinforcement learning to a working dialogue system with human users . we report on the design , construction and empirical evaluation of njfun , an experimental spoken d ←
→ wide - slice residual networks for food recognition ; food diary applications represent a tantalizing market . such applications , based on image food recognition , opened to new challenges for computer vision and pattern recognition algorithms . recent works in the field are focusing either on hand - crafted representations or on learning these by exploiting deep neural networks . despite the success of such a last family of works , these generally exploit off - the shelf deep architectures to classify food dishes . th ←
→ automatic detection of diabetes diagnosis using feature weighted support vector machines based on mutual information and modified cuckoo search ; diabetes is a major health problem in both developing and developed countries and its incidence is rising dramatically . in this study , we investigate a novel automatic approach to diagnose diabetes disease based on feature weighted support vector machines ( fw - svms ) and modified cuckoo search ( mcs ). the proposed model consists of three stages : firstly , pca is app ←
→ learning with options that terminate off - policy ; a temporally abstract action , or an option , is specified by a policy and a termination condition : the policy guides option behavior , and the termination condition roughly determines its length . generally , learning with longer options ( like learning with multi - step returns ) is known to be more efficient . however , if the option set for the task is not ideal , and cannot express the primitive optimal policy exactly , shorter options offer more flexibility and can ←
→ rsdnet : learning to predict remaining surgery duration from laparoscopic videos without manual annotations ; objective : accurate surgery duration estimation is necessary for optimal or planning , which plays an important role for patient comfort and safety as well as resource optimization . it is however challenging to preoperatively predict surgery duration since it varies significantly depending on the patient condition , surgeon skills , and intraoperative situation . we present an approach for intraoperati ←
→ a distributed quasi - newton algorithm for empirical risk minimization with nonsmooth regularization ; in this paper , we propose a communication - and computation - efficient distributed optimization algorithm using second - order information for solving erm problems with a nonsmooth regularization term . current second - order and quasi - newton methods for this problem either do not work well in the distributed setting or work only for specific regularizers . our algorithm uses successive quadratic approximations ←
→ stack - propagation : improved representation learning for syntax ; traditional syntax models typically leverage part - of - speech ( pos ) information by constructing features from hand - tuned templates . we demonstrate that a better approach is to utilize pos tags as a regularizer of learned representations . we propose a simple method for learning a stacked pipeline of models which we call " stack - propagation ". we apply this to dependency parsing and tagging , where we use the hidden layer of the tagger network as a r ←
→ implementation of hand detection based techniques for human computer interaction ; the computer industry is developing at a fast pace . with this development almost all of the fields under computers have advanced in the past couple of decades . but the same technology is being used for human computer interaction that was used in 1970s . even today the same type of keyboard and mouse is used for interacting with computer systems . with the recent boom in the mobile segment touchscreens have become popular for ←
→ microwave breast cancer detection using empirical mode decomposition features ; microwave - based breast cancer detection has been proposed as a complementary approach to compensate for some drawbacks of existing breast cancer detection techniques . among the existing microwave breast cancer detection methods , machine learning - type algorithms have recently become more popular . these focus on detecting the existence of breast tumours rather than performing imaging to identify the exact tumour position . a key ←
→ fuzzy clustering of distribution - valued data using adaptive l2 wasserstein distances ; distributional ( or distribution - valued ) data are a new type of data arising from several sources and are considered as realizations of distributional variables . a new set of fuzzy c - means algorithms for data described by distributional variables is proposed . the algorithms use the $ l2 $ wasserstein distance between distributions as dissimilarity measures . beside the extension of the fuzzy c - means algorithm for distribu ←
→ establishing linguistic conventions in task - oriented primeval dialogue ; in this paper , we claim that language is likely to have emerged as a mechanism for coordinating the solution of complex tasks . to confirm this thesis , computer simulations are performed based on the coordination task presented by garrod & anderson ( 1987 ). the role of success in task - oriented dialogue is analytically evaluated with the help of performance measurements and a thorough lexical analysis of the emergent communication system .←
→ depth structure preserving scene image generation ; key to automatically generate natural scene images is to properly arrange among various spatial elements , especially in the depth direction . to this end , we introduce a novel depth structure preserving scene image generation network ( dsp - gan ), which favors a hierarchical and heterogeneous architecture , for the purpose of depth structure preserving scene generation . the main trunk of the proposed infrastructure is built on a hawkes point process that models ←
→ determining sentiment in citation text and analyzing its impact on the proposed ranking index ; whenever human beings interact with each other , they exchange or express opinions , emotions , and sentiments . these opinions can be expressed in text , speech or images . analysis of these sentiments is one of the popular research areas of present day researchers . sentiment analysis , also known as opinion mining tries to identify or classify these sentiments or opinions into two broad categories - positive and neg ←
→ learning via social awareness : improving sketch representations with facial feedback ; in the quest towards general artificial intelligence ( ai ), researchers have explored developing loss functions that act as intrinsic motivators in the absence of external rewards . this paper argues that such research has overlooked an important and useful intrinsic motivator : social interaction . we posit that making an ai agent aware of implicit social feedback from humans can allow for faster learning of more generaliz ←
→ ifcwod , semantically adapting ifc model relations into owl properties ; in the context of building information modelling , ontologies have been identified as interesting in achieving information interoperability . regarding the construction and facility management domains , several ifc ( industry foundation classes ) based ontologies have been developed , such as ifcowl . in the context of ontology modelling , the constraint of optimizing the size of ifc step - based files can be leveraged . in this paper , we propose ←
→ a family of owa operators based on faulhaber ' s formulas ; in this paper we develop a new family of ordered weighted averaging ( owa ) operators . weight vector is obtained from a desired orness of the operator . using faulhaber ' s formulas we obtain direct and simple expressions for the weight vector without any iteration loop . with the exception of one weight , the remaining follow a straight line relation . as a result , a fast and robust algorithm is developed . the resulting weight vector is suboptimal according ←
→ matrix completion from fewer entries : spectral detectability and rank estimation ; the completion of low rank matrices from few entries is a task with many practical applications . we consider here two aspects of this problem : detectability , i . e . the ability to estimate the rank $ r $ reliably from the fewest possible random entries , and performance in achieving small reconstruction error . we propose a spectral algorithm for these two tasks called macbeth ( for matrix completion with the bethe hessian ). the r ←
→ reinforcement learning for adaptive routing ; reinforcement learning means learning a policy -- a mapping of observations into actions -- based on feedback from the environment . the learning can be viewed as browsing a set of policies while evaluating them by trial through interaction with the environment . we present an application of gradient ascent algorithm for reinforcement learning to a complex domain of packet routing in network communication and compare the performance of this algorithm to other routing ←
→ oracle inequalities for computationally adaptive model selection ; we analyze general model selection procedures using penalized empirical loss minimization under computational constraints . while classical model selection approaches do not consider computational aspects of performing model selection , we argue that any practical model selection procedure must not only trade off estimation and approximation error , but also the computational effort required to compute empirical minimizers for different functio ←
→ pose - invariant 3d face alignment ; face alignment aims to estimate the locations of a set of landmarks for a given image . this problem has received much attention as evidenced by the recent advancement in both the methodology and performance . however , most of the existing works neither explicitly handle face images with arbitrary poses , nor perform large - scale experiments on non - frontal and profile face images . in order to address these limitations , this paper proposes a novel face alignment algorithm that ←
→ temporal network analysis of literary texts ; we study temporal networks of characters in literature focusing on " alice ' s adventures in wonderland " ( 1865 ) by lewis carroll and the anonymous " la chanson de roland " ( around 1100 ). the former , one of the most influential pieces of nonsense literature ever written , describes the adventures of alice in a fantasy world with logic plays interspersed along the narrative . the latter , a song of heroic deeds , depicts the battle of roncevaux in 778 a . d . during charlemag ←
→ student ' s t distribution based estimation of distribution algorithms for derivative - free global optimization ; in this paper , we are concerned with a branch of evolutionary algorithms termed estimation of distribution ( eda ), which has been successfully used to tackle derivative - free global optimization problems . for existent eda algorithms , it is a common practice to use a gaussian distribution or a mixture of gaussian components to represent the statistical property of available promising solutions found ←
→ experiments with random projection ; recent theoretical work has identified random projection as a promising dimensionality reduction technique for learning mixtures of gausians . here we summarize these results and illustrate them by a wide variety of experiments on synthetic and real data .←
→ personalized prognostic models for oncology : a machine learning approach ; we have applied a little - known data transformation to subsets of the surveillance , epidemiology , and end results ( seer ) publically available data of the national cancer institute ( nci ) to make it suitable input to standard machine learning classifiers . this transformation properly treats the right - censored data in the seer data and the resulting random forest and multi - layer perceptron models predict full survival curves . treating th ←
→ video synopsis generation using spatio - temporal groups ; millions of surveillance cameras operate at 24x7 generating huge amount of visual data for processing . however , retrieval of important activities from such a large data can be time consuming . thus , researchers are working on finding solutions to present hours of visual data in a compressed , but meaningful way . video synopsis is one of the ways to represent activities using relatively shorter duration clips . so far , two main approaches have been used b ←
→ oracle - based robust optimization via online learning ; robust optimization is a common framework in optimization under uncertainty when the problem parameters are not known , but it is rather known that the parameters belong to some given uncertainty set . in the robust optimization framework the problem solved is a min - max problem where a solution is judged according to its performance on the worst possible realization of the parameters . in many cases , a straightforward solution of the robust optimization pr ←
→ learning to price with reference effects ; as a firm varies the price of a product , consumers exhibit reference effects , making purchase decisions based not only on the prevailing price but also the product ' s price history . we consider the problem of learning such behavioral patterns as a monopolist releases , markets , and prices products . this context calls for pricing decisions that intelligently trade off between maximizing revenue generated by a current product and probing to gain information for future ←
→ reduction of feature vectors using rough set theory for human face recognition ; in this paper we describe a procedure to reduce the size of the input feature vector . a complex pattern recognition problem like face recognition involves huge dimension of input feature vector . to reduce that dimension here we have used eigenspace projection ( also called as principal component analysis ), which is basically transformation of space . to reduce further we have applied feature selection method to select indispens ←
→ on sampling strategies for neural network - based collaborative filtering ; recent advances in neural networks have inspired people to design hybrid recommendation algorithms that can incorporate both ( 1 ) user - item interaction information and ( 2 ) content information including image , audio , and text . despite their promising results , neural network - based recommendation algorithms pose extensive computational costs , making it challenging to scale and improve upon . in this paper , we propose a general neural netwo ←
→ image - based localization using lstms for structured feature correlation ; in this work we propose a new cnn + lstm architecture for camera pose regression for indoor and outdoor scenes . cnns allow us to learn suitable feature representations for localization that are robust against motion blur and illumination changes . we make use of lstm units on the cnn output , which play the role of a structured dimensionality reduction on the feature vector , leading to drastic improvements in localization performance . we ←
→ sparse additive functional and kernel cca ; canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) is a classical tool for finding correlations among the components of two random vectors . in recent years , cca has been widely applied to the analysis of genomic data , where it is common for researchers to perform multiple assays on a single set of patient samples . recent work has proposed sparse variants of cca to address the high dimensionality of such data . however , classical and sparse cca are based on linear models , and are ←
→ dynamic steerable blocks in deep residual networks ; filters in convolutional networks are typically parameterized in a pixel basis , that does not take prior knowledge about the visual world into account . we investigate the generalized notion of frames designed with image properties in mind , as alternatives to this parametrization . we show that frame - based resnets and densenets can improve performance on cifar - 10 + consistently , while having additional pleasant properties like steerability . by exploiting the ←
→ extract : strong examples from weakly - labeled sensor data ; thanks to the rise of wearable and connected devices , sensor - generated time series comprise a large and growing fraction of the world ' s data . unfortunately , extracting value from this data can be challenging , since sensors report low - level signals ( e . g ., acceleration ), not the high - level events that are typically of interest ( e . g ., gestures ). we introduce a technique to bridge this gap by automatically extracting examples of real - world events in low ←
→ an anytime algorithm for optimal coalition structure generation ; coalition formation is a fundamental type of interaction that involves the creation of coherent groupings of distinct , autonomous , agents in order to efficiently achieve their individual or collective goals . forming effective coalitions is a major research challenge in the field of multi - agent systems . central to this endeavour is the problem of determining which of the many possible coalitions to form in order to achieve some goal . this usua ←
→ complex support vector machines for regression and quaternary classification ; the paper presents a new framework for complex support vector regression as well as support vector machines for quaternary classification . the method exploits the notion of widely linear estimation to model the input - out relation for complex - valued data and considers two cases : a ) the complex data are split into their real and imaginary parts and a typical real kernel is employed to map the complex data to a complexified featur ←
→ mag : a multilingual , knowledge - base agnostic and deterministic entity linking approach ; entity linking has recently been the subject of a significant body of research . currently , the best performing approaches rely on trained mono - lingual models . porting these approaches to other languages is consequently a difficult endeavor as it requires corresponding training data and retraining of the models . we address this drawback by presenting a novel multilingual , knowledge - based agnostic and deterministic appr ←
→ object detection in video with spatiotemporal sampling networks ; we propose a spatiotemporal sampling network ( stsn ) that uses deformable convolutions across time for object detection in videos . our stsn performs object detection in a video frame by learning to spatially sample features from the adjacent frames . this naturally renders the approach robust to occlusion or motion blur in individual frames . our framework does not require additional supervision , as it optimizes sampling locations directly with ←
→ transaction logic with ( complex ) events ; this work deals with the problem of combining reactive features , such as the ability to respond to events and define complex events , with the execution of transactions over general knowledge bases ( kbs ). with this as goal , we build on transaction logic ( tr ), a logic precisely designed to model and execute transactions in kbs defined by arbitrary logic theories . in it , transactions are written in a logic - programming style , by combining primitive update operations o ←
→ movement coordination in human - robot teams : a dynamical systems approach ; in order to be effective teammates , robots need to be able to understand high - level human behavior to recognize , anticipate , and adapt to human motion . we have designed a new approach to enable robots to perceive human group motion in real - time , anticipate future actions , and synthesize their own motion accordingly . we explore this within the context of joint action , where humans and robots move together synchronously . in this paper ,←
→ compressing binary decision diagrams ; the paper introduces a new technique for compressing binary decision diagrams in those cases where random access is not required . using this technique , compression and decompression can be done in linear time in the size of the bdd and compression will in many cases reduce the size of the bdd to 1 - 2 bits per node . empirical results for our compression technique are presented , including comparisons with previously introduced techniques , showing that the new technique do ←
→ geometric features for voxel - based surface recognition ; we introduce a library of geometric voxel features for cad surface recognition / retrieval tasks . our features include local versions of the intrinsic volumes ( the usual 3d volume , surface area , integrated mean and gaussian curvature ) and a few closely related quantities . we also compute haar wavelet and statistical distribution features by aggregating raw voxel features . we apply our features to object classification on the esb data set and demonstrate ←
→ ring artifacts correction in compressed sensing tomographic reconstruction ; we present a novel approach to handle ring artifacts correction in compressed sensing tomographic reconstruction . the correction is part of the reconstruction process , which differs from classical sinogram pre - processing and image post - processing techniques . the principle of compressed sensing tomographic reconstruction is presented . then , we show that the ring artifacts correction can be integrated in the reconstruction problem ←
→ cascading a *: a parallel approach to approximate heuristic search ; in this paper , we proposed a new approximate heuristic search algorithm : cascading a *, which is a two - phrase algorithm combining a * and ida * by a new concept " envelope ball ". the new algorithm ca * is efficient , able to generate approximate solution and any - time solution , and parallel friendly .←
→ local consistency and sat - solvers ; local consistency techniques such as k - consistency are a key component of specialised solvers for constraint satisfaction problems . in this paper we show that the power of using k - consistency techniques on a constraint satisfaction problem is precisely captured by using a particular inference rule , which we call negative - hyper - resolution , on the standard direct encoding of the problem into boolean clauses . we also show that current clause - learning sat - solvers will discove ←
→ building high - level features using large scale unsupervised learning ; we consider the problem of building high - level , class - specific feature detectors from only unlabeled data . for example , is it possible to learn a face detector using only unlabeled images ? to answer this , we train a 9 - layered locally connected sparse autoencoder with pooling and local contrast normalization on a large dataset of images ( the model has 1 billion connections , the dataset has 10 million 200x200 pixel images downloaded from t ←
→ dynamic knowledge capitalization through annotation among economic intelligence actors in a collaborative environment ; the shift from industrial economy to knowledge economy in today ' s world has revolutionalized strategic planning in organizations as well as their problem solving approaches . the point of focus today is knowledge and service production with more emphasis been laid on knowledge capital . many organizations are investing on tools that facilitate knowledge sharing among their employees and th ←
→ g - lets : signal processing using transformation groups ; we present an algorithm using transformation groups and their irreducible representations to generate an orthogonal basis for a signal in the vector space of the signal . it is shown that multiresolution analysis can be done with amplitudes using a transformation group . g - lets is thus not a single transform , but a group of linear transformations related by group theory . the algorithm also specifies that a multiresolution and multiscale analysis for each ←
→ exploring the bidimensional space : a dynamic logic point of view ; we present a family of logics for reasoning about agents ' positions and motion in the plane which have several potential applications in the area of multi - agent systems ( mas ), such as multi - agent planning and robotics . the most general logic includes ( i ) atomic formulas for representing the truth of a given fact or the presence of a given agent at a certain position of the plane , ( ii ) atomic programs corresponding to the four basic orientati ←
→ from fields to trees ; we present new mcmc algorithms for computing the posterior distributions and expectations of the unknown variables in undirected graphical models with regular structure . for demonstration purposes , we focus on markov random fields ( mrfs ). by partitioning the mrfs into non - overlapping trees , it is possible to compute the posterior distribution of a particular tree exactly by conditioning on the remaining tree . these exact solutions allow us to construct efficient blocked and rao - blackw ←
→ feature selection for generator excitation neurocontroller development using filter technique ; essentially , motive behind using control system is to generate suitable control signal for yielding desired response of a physical process . control of synchronous generator has always remained very critical in power system operation and control . for certain well known reasons power generators are normally operated well below their steady state stability limit . this raises demand for efficient and fast controlle ←
→ don ' t fear the reaper : refuting bostrom ' s superintelligence argument ; in recent years prominent intellectuals have raised ethical concerns about the consequences of artificial intelligence . one concern is that an autonomous agent might modify itself to become " superintelligent " and , in supremely effective pursuit of poorly specified goals , destroy all of humanity . this paper considers and rejects the possibility of this outcome . we argue that this scenario depends on an agent ' s ability to rapidly improve i ←
→ to boost or not to boost ? on the limits of boosted trees for object detection ; we aim to study the modeling limitations of the commonly employed boosted decision trees classifier . inspired by the success of large , data - hungry visual recognition models ( e . g . deep convolutional neural networks ), this paper focuses on the relationship between modeling capacity of the weak learners , dataset size , and dataset properties . a set of novel experiments on the caltech pedestrian detection benchmark results in the b ←
→ a gang of bandits ; multi - armed bandit problems are receiving a great deal of attention because they adequately formalize the exploration - exploitation trade - offs arising in several industrially relevant applications , such as online advertisement and , more generally , recommendation systems . in many cases , however , these applications have a strong social component , whose integration in the bandit algorithm could lead to a dramatic performance increase . for instance , we may want to serve content to a group of ←
→ a new method to extract dorsal hand vein pattern using quadratic inference function ; among all biometric , dorsal hand vein pattern is attracting the attention of researchers , of late . extensive research is being carried out on various techniques in the hope of finding an efficient one which can be applied on dorsal hand vein pattern to improve its accuracy and matching time . one of the crucial step in biometric is the extraction of features . in this paper , we propose a method based on quadratic inference ←
→ learning loss for knowledge distillation with conditional adversarial networks ; there is an increasing interest on accelerating neural networks for real - time applications . we study the student - teacher strategy , in which a small and fast student network is trained with the auxiliary information provided by a large and accurate teacher network . we use conditional adversarial networks to learn the loss function to transfer knowledge from teacher to student . the proposed method is particularly effective for ←
→ dimmwitted : a study of main - memory statistical analytics ; we perform the first study of the tradeoff space of access methods and replication to support statistical analytics using first - order methods executed in the main memory of a non - uniform memory access ( numa ) machine . statistical analytics systems differ from conventional sql - analytics in the amount and types of memory incoherence they can tolerate . our goal is to understand tradeoffs in accessing the data in row - or column - order and at what granular ←
→ learning stable multilevel dictionaries for sparse representations ; sparse representations using learned dictionaries are being increasingly used with success in several data processing and machine learning applications . the availability of abundant training data necessitates the development of efficient , robust and provably good dictionary learning algorithms . algorithmic stability and generalization are desirable characteristics for dictionary learning algorithms that aim to build global dictionaries whi ←
→ morphonette : a morphological network of french ; this paper describes in details the first version of morphonette , a new french morphological resource and a new radically lexeme - based method of morphological analysis . this research is grounded in a paradigmatic conception of derivational morphology where the morphological structure is a structure of the entire lexicon and not one of the individual words it contains . the discovery of this structure relies on a measure of morphological similarity between word ←
→ reasoning about multiple aspects in dls : semantics and closure construction ; starting from the observation that rational closure has the undesirable property of being an " all or nothing " mechanism , we here propose a multipreferential semantics , which enriches the preferential semantics underlying rational closure in order to separately deal with the inheritance of different properties in an ontology with exceptions . we provide a multipreference closure mechanism which is sound with respect to the multipr ←
→ learning multi - level region consistency with dense multi - label networks for semantic segmentation ; semantic image segmentation is a fundamental task in image understanding . per - pixel semantic labelling of an image benefits greatly from the ability to consider region consistency both locally and globally . however , many fully convolutional network based methods do not impose such consistency , which may give rise to noisy and implausible predictions . we address this issue by proposing a dense multi - label ne ←
→ towards universal neural nets : gibbs machines and ace ; we study from a physics viewpoint a class of generative neural nets , gibbs machines , designed for gradual learning . while including variational auto - encoders , they offer a broader universal platform for incrementally adding newly learned features , including physical symmetries . their direct connection to statistical physics and information geometry is established . a variational pythagorean theorem justifies invoking the exponential / gibbs class of proba ←
→ stealing hyperparameters in machine learning ; hyperparameters are critical in machine learning , as different hyperparameters often result in models with significantly different performance . hyperparameters may be deemed confidential because of their commercial value and the confidentiality of the proprietary algorithms that the learner uses to learn them . in this work , we propose attacks on stealing the hyperparameters that are learned by a learner . we call our attacks hyperparameter stealing attacks . our ←
→ functional decision theory : a new theory of instrumental rationality ; this paper describes and motivates a new decision theory known as functional decision theory ( fdt ), as distinct from causal decision theory and evidential decision theory . functional decision theorists hold that the normative principle for action is to treat one ' s decision as the output of a fixed mathematical function that answers the question , " which output of this very function would yield the best outcome ?" adhering to this principle ←
→ the phylogenetic indian buffet process : a non - exchangeable nonparametric prior for latent features ; nonparametric bayesian models are often based on the assumption that the objects being modeled are exchangeable . while appropriate in some applications ( e . g ., bag - of - words models for documents ), exchangeability is sometimes assumed simply for computational reasons ; non - exchangeable models might be a better choice for applications based on subject matter . drawing on ideas from graphical models and phylogene ←
→ explaining zipf ' s law via mental lexicon ; the zipf ' s law is the major regularity of statistical linguistics that served as a prototype for rank - frequency relations and scaling laws in natural sciences . here we show that the zipf ' s law -- together with its applicability for a single text and its generalizations to high and low frequencies including hapax legomena -- can be derived from assuming that the words are drawn into the text with random probabilities . their apriori density relates , via the bayesian ←
→ modeling radiometric uncertainty for vision with tone - mapped color images ; to produce images that are suitable for display , tone - mapping is widely used in digital cameras to map linear color measurements into narrow gamuts with limited dynamic range . this introduces non - linear distortion that must be undone , through a radiometric calibration process , before computer vision systems can analyze such photographs radiometrically . this paper considers the inherent uncertainty of undoing the effects of tone - ma ←
→ learning to generate one - sentence biographies from wikidata ; we investigate the generation of one - sentence wikipedia biographies from facts derived from wikidata slot - value pairs . we train a recurrent neural network sequence - to - sequence model with attention to select facts and generate textual summaries . our model incorporates a novel secondary objective that helps ensure it generates sentences that contain the input facts . the model achieves a bleu score of 41 , improving significantly upon the vanilla seq ←
→ low rank matrix recovery with simultaneous presence of outliers and sparse corruption ; we study a data model in which the data matrix d can be expressed as d = l + s + c , where l is a low rank matrix , s an element - wise sparse matrix and c a matrix whose non - zero columns are outlying data points . to date , robust pca algorithms have solely considered models with either s or c , but not both . as such , existing algorithms cannot account for simultaneous element - wise and column - wise corruptions . in this paper ,←
→ stochastic majorization - minimization algorithms for large - scale optimization ; majorization - minimization algorithms consist of iteratively minimizing a majorizing surrogate of an objective function . because of its simplicity and its wide applicability , this principle has been very popular in statistics and in signal processing . in this paper , we intend to make this principle scalable . we introduce a stochastic majorization - minimization scheme which is able to deal with large - scale or possibly infinite dat ←
→ an interesting uncertainty - based combinatoric problem in spare parts forecasting : the fred system ; the domain of spare parts forecasting is examined , and is found to present unique uncertainty based problems in the architectural design of a knowledge - based system . a mixture of different uncertainty paradigms is required for the solution , with an intriguing combinatoric problem arising from an uncertain choice of inference engines . thus , uncertainty in the system is manifested in two different meta - levels ←
→ adversarial examples for semantic image segmentation ; machine learning methods in general and deep neural networks in particular have shown to be vulnerable to adversarial perturbations . so far this phenomenon has mainly been studied in the context of whole - image classification . in this contribution , we analyse how adversarial perturbations can affect the task of semantic segmentation . we show how existing adversarial attackers can be transferred to this task and that it is possible to create imperceptible ←
→ which techniques does your application use ?: an information extraction framework for scientific articles ; every field of research consists of multiple application areas with various techniques routinely used to solve problems in these wide range of application areas . with the exponential growth in research volumes , it has become difficult to keep track of the ever - growing number of application areas as well as the corresponding problem solving techniques . in this paper , we consider the computational ling ←
→ humanoid robots as agents of human consciousness expansion ; the " loving ai " project involves developing software enabling humanoid robots to interact with people in loving and compassionate ways , and to promote people ' self - understanding and self - transcendence . currently the project centers on the hanson robotics robot " sophia " -- specifically , on supplying sophia with personality content and cognitive , linguistic , perceptual and behavioral content aimed at enabling loving interactions supportive of human ←
→ car - net : clairvoyant attentive recurrent network ; we present an interpretable framework for path prediction that learns scene - specific causations behind agents ' behaviors . we exploit two sources of information : the past motion trajectory of the agent of interest and a wide top - down view of the scene . we propose a clairvoyant attentive recurrent network ( car - net ) that learns " where to look " in the large image when solving the path prediction task . while previous works on trajectory prediction are constraine ←
→ deeplogo : hitting logo recognition with the deep neural network hammer ; recently , there has been a flurry of industrial activity around logo recognition , such as ditto ' s service for marketers to track their brands in user - generated images , and logograb ' s mobile app platform for logo recognition . however , relatively little academic or open - source logo recognition progress has been made in the last four years . meanwhile , deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) have revolutionized a broad range of object r ←
→ an interactive segmentation tool for quantifying fat in lumbar muscles using axial lumbar - spine mri ; in this paper we present an interactive tool that can be used to quantify fat infiltration in lumbar muscles , which is useful in studying fat infiltration and lower back pain ( lbp ) in adults . currently , a qualitative assessment by visual grading via a 5 - point scale is used to study fat infiltration in lumbar muscles from an axial view of lumbar - spine mr images . however , a quantitative approach ( on a conti ←
→ common - description learning : a framework for learning algorithms and generating subproblems from few examples ; current learning algorithms face many difficulties in learning simple patterns and using them to learn more complex ones . they also require more examples than humans do to learn the same pattern , assuming no prior knowledge . in this paper , a new learning framework is introduced that is called common - description learning ( cdl ). this framework has been tested on 32 small multi - task datasets , and t ←
→ visualizing and understanding convolutional networks ; large convolutional network models have recently demonstrated impressive classification performance on the imagenet benchmark . however there is no clear understanding of why they perform so well , or how they might be improved . in this paper we address both issues . we introduce a novel visualization technique that gives insight into the function of intermediate feature layers and the operation of the classifier . we also perform an ablation study to disco ←
→ epitome for automatic image colorization ; image colorization adds color to grayscale images . it not only increases the visual appeal of grayscale images , but also enriches the information contained in scientific images that lack color information . most existing methods of colorization require laborious user interaction for scribbles or image segmentation . to eliminate the need for human labor , we develop an automatic image colorization method using epitome . built upon a generative graphical model , epitome ←
→ dropout inference in bayesian neural networks with alpha - divergences ; to obtain uncertainty estimates with real - world bayesian deep learning models , practical inference approximations are needed . dropout variational inference ( vi ) for example has been used for machine vision and medical applications , but vi can severely underestimates model uncertainty . alpha - divergences are alternative divergences to vi ' s kl objective , which are able to avoid vi ' s uncertainty underestimation . but these are hard to use in ←
→ sequential 3d u - nets for biologically - informed brain tumor segmentation ; deep learning has quickly become the weapon of choice for brain lesion segmentation . however , few existing algorithms pre - configure any biological context of their chosen segmentation tissues , and instead rely on the neural network ' s optimizer to develop such associations de novo . we present a novel method for applying deep neural networks to the problem of glioma tissue segmentation that takes into account the structured nature of gl ←
→ an optimization model for outlier detection in categorical data ; the task of outlier detection is to find small groups of data objects that are exceptional when compared with rest large amount of data . detection of such outliers is important for many applications such as fraud detection and customer migration . most existing methods are designed for numeric data . they will encounter problems with real - life applications that contain categorical data . in this paper , we formally define the problem of outlier d ←
→ towards a theory of granular sets ; motivated by the application problem of sensor fusion the author introduced the concept of graded set . it is reasoned that in classification problem arising in an information system ( represented by information table ), a novel set called granular set naturally arises . it is realized that in any hierarchical classification problem , granular set naturally arises . also when the target set of objects forms a graded set the lower and upper approximations of target sets form a g ←
→ generating news headlines with recurrent neural networks ; we describe an application of an encoder - decoder recurrent neural network with lstm units and attention to generating headlines from the text of news articles . we find that the model is quite effective at concisely paraphrasing news articles . furthermore , we study how the neural network decides which input words to pay attention to , and specifically we identify the function of the different neurons in a simplified attention mechanism . interestingly ,←
→ shifting mean activation towards zero with bipolar activation functions ; we propose a simple extension to the relu - family of activation functions that allows them to shift the mean activation across a layer towards zero . combined with proper weight initialization , this alleviates the need for normalization layers . we explore the training of deep vanilla recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) with up to 144 layers , and show that bipolar activation functions help learning in this setting . on the penn treebank and ←
→ provably accurate double - sparse coding ; sparse coding is a crucial subroutine in algorithms for various signal processing , deep learning , and other machine learning applications . the central goal is to learn an overcomplete dictionary that can sparsely represent a given input dataset . however , a key challenge is that storage , transmission , and processing of the learned dictionary can be untenably high if the data dimension is high . in this paper , we consider the double - sparsity model introduced by rubinste ←
→ intelligent word embeddings of free - text radiology reports ; radiology reports are a rich resource for advancing deep learning applications in medicine by leveraging the large volume of data continuously being updated , integrated , and shared . however , there are significant challenges as well , largely due to the ambiguity and subtlety of natural language . we propose a hybrid strategy that combines semantic - dictionary mapping and word2vec modeling for creating dense vector embeddings of free - text radiology re ←
→ adc : automated deep compression and acceleration with reinforcement learning ; model compression is an effective technique facilitating the deployment of neural network models on mobile devices that have limited computation resources and a tight power budget . however , conventional model compression techniques use hand - crafted features and require domain experts to explore the large design space trading off model size , speed , and accuracy , which is usually sub - optimal and time - consuming . in this paper , we ←
→ transition - based dependency parsing with stack long short - term memory ; we propose a technique for learning representations of parser states in transition - based dependency parsers . our primary innovation is a new control structure for sequence - to - sequence neural networks --- the stack lstm . like the conventional stack data structures used in transition - based parsing , elements can be pushed to or popped from the top of the stack in constant time , but , in addition , an lstm maintains a continuous space embedding ←
→ path integral control by reproducing kernel hilbert space embedding ; we present an embedding of stochastic optimal control problems , of the so called path integral form , into reproducing kernel hilbert spaces . using consistent , sample based estimates of the embedding leads to a model free , non - parametric approach for calculation of an approximate solution to the control problem . this formulation admits a decomposition of the problem into an invariant and task dependent component . consequently , we make much ←
→ dynamic filter networks ; in a traditional convolutional layer , the learned filters stay fixed after training . in contrast , we introduce a new framework , the dynamic filter network , where filters are generated dynamically conditioned on an input . we show that this architecture is a powerful one , with increased flexibility thanks to its adaptive nature , yet without an excessive increase in the number of model parameters . a wide variety of filtering operations can be learned this way , including local spatial ←
→ from word segmentation to pos tagging for vietnamese ; this paper presents an empirical comparison of two strategies for vietnamese part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging from unsegmented text : ( i ) a pipeline strategy where we consider the output of a word segmenter as the input of a pos tagger , and ( ii ) a joint strategy where we predict a combined segmentation and pos tag for each syllable . we also make a comparison between state - of - the - art ( sota ) feature - based and neural network - based models . on the benchmark vietn ←
→ a programming language with a pomdp inside ; we present poaps , a novel planning system for defining partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) that abstracts away from pomdp details for the benefit of non - expert practitioners . poaps includes an expressive adaptive programming language based on lisp that has constructs for choice points that can be dynamically optimized . non - experts can use our language to write adaptive programs that have partially observable components without needing to speci ←
→ semi - supervised learning using denoising autoencoders for brain lesion detection and segmentation ; the work presented explores the use of denoising autoencoders ( dae ) for brain lesion detection , segmentation and false positive reduction . stacked denoising autoencoders ( sdae ) were pre - trained using a large number of unlabeled patient volumes and fine tuned with patches drawn from a limited number of patients ( n = 20 , 40 , 65 ). the results show negligible loss in performance even when sdae was fine tuned usin ←
→ ranking data with continuous labels through oriented recursive partitions ; we formulate a supervised learning problem , referred to as continuous ranking , where a continuous real - valued label y is assigned to an observable r . v . x taking its values in a feature space $\ mathcal { x }$ and the goal is to order all possible observations x in $\ mathcal { x }$ by means of a scoring function $ s :\ mathcal { x }\ rightarrow \ mathbb { r }$ so that s ( x ) and y tend to increase or decrease together with highest probability . this pr ←
→ an efficient automatic mass classification method in digitized mammograms using artificial neural network ; in this paper we present an efficient computer aided mass classification method in digitized mammograms using artificial neural network ( ann ), which performs benign - malignant classification on region of interest ( roi ) that contains mass . one of the major mammographic characteristics for mass classification is texture . ann exploits this important factor to classify the mass into benign or malignant . ←
→ understanding minimum probability flow for rbms under various kinds of dynamics ; energy - based models are popular in machine learning due to the elegance of their formulation and their relationship to statistical physics . among these , the restricted boltzmann machine ( rbm ), and its staple training algorithm contrastive divergence ( cd ), have been the prototype for some recent advancements in the unsupervised training of deep neural networks . however , cd has limited theoretical motivation , and can in some c ←
→ can deep reinforcement learning solve erdos - selfridge - spencer games ? ; deep reinforcement learning has achieved many recent successes , but our understanding of its strengths and limitations is hampered by the lack of rich environments in which we can fully characterize optimal behavior , and correspondingly diagnose individual actions against such a characterization . here we consider a family of combinatorial games , arising from work of erdos , selfridge , and spencer , and we propose their use as environments ←
→ hardware - efficient guided image filtering for multi - label problem ; the guided filter ( gf ) is well - known for its linear complexity . however , when filtering an image with an n - channel guidance , gf needs to invert an n x n matrix for each pixel . to the best of our knowledge existing matrix inverse algorithms are inefficient on current hardwares . this shortcoming limits applications of multichannel guidance in computation intensive system such as multi - label system . we need a new gf - like filter that can perfor ←
→ rounding methods for neural networks with low resolution synaptic weights ; neural network algorithms simulated on standard computing platforms typically make use of high resolution weights , with floating - point notation . however , for dedicated hardware implementations of such algorithms , fixed - point synaptic weights with low resolution are preferable . the basic approach of reducing the resolution of the weights in these algorithms by standard rounding methods incurs drastic losses in performance . to reduc ←
→ sat - based analysis of large real - world feature models is easy ; modern conflict - driven clause - learning ( cdcl ) boolean sat solvers provide efficient automatic analysis of real - world feature models ( fm ) of systems ranging from cars to operating systems . it is well - known that solver - based analysis of real - world fms scale very well even though sat instances obtained from such fms are large , and the corresponding analysis problems are known to be np - complete . to better understand why sat solvers are so effective ←
→ segmentation of retinal cysts from optical coherence tomography volumes via selective enhancement ; automated and accurate segmentation of cystoid structures in optical coherence tomography ( oct ) is of interest in the early detection of retinal diseases . it is , however , a challenging task . we propose a novel method for localizing cysts in 3d oct volumes . the proposed work is biologically inspired and based on selective enhancement of the cysts , by inducing motion to a given oct slice . a convolutional neur ←
→ no spare parts : sharing part detectors for image categorization ; this work aims for image categorization using a representation of distinctive parts . different from existing part - based work , we argue that parts are naturally shared between image categories and should be modeled as such . we motivate our approach with a quantitative and qualitative analysis by backtracking where selected parts come from . our analysis shows that in addition to the category parts defining the class , the parts coming from the b ←
→ histograms of gaussian normal distribution for feature matching in clutter scenes ; 3d feature descriptor provide information between corresponding models and scenes . 3d objection recognition in cluttered scenes , however , remains a largely unsolved problem . practical applications impose several challenges which are not fully addressed by existing methods . especially in cluttered scenes there are many feature mismatches between scenes and models . we therefore propose histograms of gaussian normal distribut ←
→ truecluster matching ; cluster matching by permuting cluster labels is important in many clustering contexts such as cluster validation and cluster ensemble techniques . the classic approach is to minimize the euclidean distance between two cluster solutions which induces inappropriate stability in certain settings . therefore , we present the truematch algorithm that introduces two improvements best explained in the crisp case . first , instead of maximizing the trace of the cluster crosstable , we propose to ma ←
→ integration of flexible web based gui in i - soas ; it is necessary to improve the concepts of the present web based graphical user interface for the development of more flexible and intelligent interface to provide ease and increase the level of comfort at user end like most of the desktop based applications . this research is conducted targeting the goal of implementing flexible gui consisting of a visual component manager with different components by functionality , design and purpose . in this research paper ←
→ illustrating color evolution and color blindness by the decoding model of color vision ; a symmetrical model of color vision , the decoding model as a new version of zone model , was introduced . the model adopts new continuous - valued logic and works in a way very similar to the way a 3 - 8 decoder in a numerical circuit works . by the decoding model , young and helmholtz ' s tri - pigment theory and hering ' s opponent theory are unified more naturally ; opponent process , color evolution , and color blindness are illus ←
→ over - enhancement reduction in local histogram equalization using its degrees of freedom ; a well - known issue of local ( adaptive ) histogram equalization ( lhe ) is over - enhancement ( i . e ., generation of spurious details ) in homogenous areas of the image . in this paper , we show that the lhe problem has many solutions due to the ambiguity in ranking pixels with the same intensity . the lhe solution space can be searched for the images having the maximum psnr or structural similarity ( ssim ) with the input image . ←
→ segmentation for radar images based on active contour ; we exam various geometric active contour methods for radar image segmentation . due to special properties of radar images , we propose our new model based on modified chan - vese functional . our method is efficient in separating non - meteorological noises from meteorological images .←
→ total stability of kernel methods ; regularized empirical risk minimization using kernels and their corresponding reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ( rkhss ) plays an important role in machine learning . however , the actually used kernel often depends on one or on a few hyperparameters or the kernel is even data dependent in a much more complicated manner . examples are gaussian rbf kernels , kernel learning , and hierarchical gaussian kernels which were recently proposed for deep learning . therefore , the actuall ←
→ machine learning in automated text categorization ; the automated categorization ( or classification ) of texts into predefined categories has witnessed a booming interest in the last ten years , due to the increased availability of documents in digital form and the ensuing need to organize them . in the research community the dominant approach to this problem is based on machine learning techniques : a general inductive process automatically builds a classifier by learning , from a set of preclassified documents ←
→ shedding light on the asymmetric learning capability of adaboost ; in this paper , we propose a different insight to analyze adaboost . this analysis reveals that , beyond some preconceptions , adaboost can be directly used as an asymmetric learning algorithm , preserving all its theoretical properties . a novel class - conditional description of adaboost , which models the actual asymmetric behavior of the algorithm , is presented .←
→ amr parsing using stack - lstms ; we present a transition - based amr parser that directly generates amr parses from plain text . we use stack - lstms to represent our parser state and make decisions greedily . in our experiments , we show that our parser achieves very competitive scores on english using only amr training data . adding additional information , such as pos tags and dependency trees , improves the results further .←
→ deep recurrent neural networks for time series prediction ; ability of deep networks to extract high level features and of recurrent networks to perform time - series inference have been studied . in view of universality of one hidden layer network at approximating functions under weak constraints , the benefit of multiple layers is to enlarge the space of dynamical systems approximated or , given the space , reduce the number of units required for a certain error . traditionally shallow networks with manually eng ←
→ deep learning bank distress from news and numerical financial data ; in this paper we focus our attention on the exploitation of the information contained in financial news to enhance the performance of a classifier of bank distress . such information should be analyzed and inserted into the predictive model in the most efficient way and this task deals with all the issues related to text analysis and specifically analysis of news media . among the different models proposed for such purpose , we investigate on ←
→ essp : an efficient approach to minimizing dense and nonsubmodular energy functions ; many recent advances in computer vision have demonstrated the impressive power of dense and nonsubmodular energy functions in solving visual labeling problems . however , minimizing such energies is challenging . none of existing techniques ( such as s - t graph cut , qpbo , bp and trw - s ) can individually do this well . in this paper , we present an efficient method , namely essp , to optimize binary mrfs with arbitrary pairwise pote ←
→ a forgetting - based approach to merging knowledge bases ; this paper presents a novel approach based on variable forgetting , which is a useful tool in resolving contradictory by filtering some given variables , to merging multiple knowledge bases . this paper first builds a relationship between belief merging and variable forgetting by using dilation . variable forgetting is applied to capture belief merging operation . finally , some new merging operators are developed by modifying candidate variables to amend t ←
→ the latent bernoulli - gauss model for data analysis ; we present a new latent - variable model employing a gaussian mixture integrated with a feature selection procedure ( the bernoulli part of the model ) which together form a " latent bernoulli - gauss " distribution . the model is applied to map estimation , clustering , feature selection and collaborative filtering and fares favorably with the state - of - the - art latent - variable models .←
→ multi - object classification and unsupervised scene understanding using deep learning features and latent tree probabilistic models ; deep learning has shown state - of - art classification performance on datasets such as imagenet , which contain a single object in each image . however , multi - object classification is far more challenging . we present a unified framework which leverages the strengths of multiple machine learning methods , viz deep learning , probabilistic models and kernel methods to obtain state - of ←
→ learning a cnn - based end - to - end controller for a formula sae racecar ; we present a set of cnn - based end - to - end models for controls of a formula sae racecar , along with various benchmarking and visualization tools to understand model performance . we tackled three main problems in the context of cone - delineated racetrack driving : ( 1 ) discretized steering , which translates a first - person frame along to the track to a predicted steering direction . ( 2 ) real - value steering , which translates a frame view to a rea ←
→ unsupervised ensemble ranking of terms in electronic health record notes based on their importance to patients ; background : electronic health record ( ehr ) notes contain abundant medical jargon that can be difficult for patients to comprehend . one way to help patients is to reduce information overload and help them focus on medical terms that matter most to them . objective : the aim of this work was to develop fit ( finding important terms for patients ), an unsupervised natural language processing ( nlp ) s ←
→ explanation of stagnation at points that are not local optima in particle swarm optimization by potential analysis ; particle swarm optimization ( pso ) is a nature - inspired meta - heuristic for solving continuous optimization problems . in the literature , the potential of the particles of swarm has been used to show that slightly modified pso guarantees convergence to local optima . here we show that under specific circumstances the unmodified pso , even with swarm parameters known ( from the literature ) to be g ←
→ optical flow - based 3d human motion estimation from monocular video ; we present a generative method to estimate 3d human motion and body shape from monocular video . under the assumption that starting from an initial pose optical flow constrains subsequent human motion , we exploit flow to find temporally coherent human poses of a motion sequence . we estimate human motion by minimizing the difference between computed flow fields and the output of an artificial flow renderer . a single initialization step is re ←
→ a robustica based algorithm for blind separation of convolutive mixtures ; we propose a frequency domain method based on robust independent component analysis ( rica ) to address the multichannel blind source separation ( bss ) problem of convolutive speech mixtures in highly reverberant environments . we impose regularization processes to tackle the ill - conditioning problem of the covariance matrix and to mitigate the performance degradation in the frequency domain . we apply an algorithm to separate the source ←
→ universal neural machine translation for extremely low resource languages ; in this paper , we propose a new universal machine translation approach focusing on languages with a limited amount of parallel data . our proposed approach utilizes a transfer - learning approach to share lexical and sentences level representations across multiple source languages into one target language . the lexical part is shared through a universal lexical representation to support multi - lingual word - level sharing . the sentence - l ←
→ multi - perspective context matching for machine comprehension ; previous machine comprehension ( mc ) datasets are either too small to train end - to - end deep learning models , or not difficult enough to evaluate the ability of current mc techniques . the newly released squad dataset alleviates these limitations , and gives us a chance to develop more realistic mc models . based on this dataset , we propose a multi - perspective context matching ( mpcm ) model , which is an end - to - end system that directly predicts the ans ←
→ right ideals of a ring and sublanguages of science ; among zellig harris ' s numerous contributions to linguistics his theory of the sublanguages of science probably ranks among the most underrated . however , not only has this theory led to some exhaustive and meaningful applications in the study of the grammar of immunology language and its changes over time , but it also illustrates the nature of mathematical relations between chunks or subsets of a grammar and the language as a whole . this becomes most clear ←
→ a factorial experiment on scalability of search based software testing ; software testing is an expensive process , which is vital in the industry . construction of the test - data in software testing requires the major cost and to decide which method to use in order to generate the test data is important . this paper discusses the efficiency of search - based algorithms ( preferably genetic algorithm ) versus random testing , in soft - ware test - data generation . this study differs from all previous studies due to sam ←
→ comments on " a new combination of evidence based on compromise " by k . yamada ; comments on `` a new combination of evidence based on compromise '' by k . yamada ←
→ improved squeaky wheel optimisation for driver scheduling ; this paper presents a technique called improved squeaky wheel optimisation for driver scheduling problems . it improves the original squeaky wheel optimisations effectiveness and execution speed by incorporating two additional steps of selection and mutation which implement evolution within a single solution . in the iswo , a cycle of analysis - selection - mutation - prioritization - construction continues until stopping conditions are reached . the analysis ←
→ adaptive computation time for recurrent neural networks ; this paper introduces adaptive computation time ( act ), an algorithm that allows recurrent neural networks to learn how many computational steps to take between receiving an input and emitting an output . act requires minimal changes to the network architecture , is deterministic and differentiable , and does not add any noise to the parameter gradients . experimental results are provided for four synthetic problems : determining the parity of binary vecto ←
→ large - scale goodness polarity lexicons for community question answering ; we transfer a key idea from the field of sentiment analysis to a new domain : community question answering ( cqa ). the cqa task we are interested in is the following : given a question and a thread of comments , we want to re - rank the comments so that the ones that are good answers to the question would be ranked higher than the bad ones . we notice that good vs . bad comments use specific vocabulary and that one can often predict the goodn ←
→ advances in probabilistic reasoning ; this paper discuses multiple bayesian networks representation paradigms for encoding asymmetric independence assertions . we offer three contributions : ( 1 ) an inference mechanism that makes explicit use of asymmetric independence to speed up computations , ( 2 ) a simplified definition of similarity networks and extensions of their theory , and ( 3 ) a generalized representation scheme that encodes more types of asymmetric independence assertions than do similarity networks .←
→ distributed optimization of multi - class svms ; training of one - vs .- rest svms can be parallelized over the number of classes in a straight forward way . given enough computational resources , one - vs .- rest svms can thus be trained on data involving a large number of classes . the same cannot be stated , however , for the so - called all - in - one svms , which require solving a quadratic program of size quadratically in the number of classes . we develop distributed algorithms for two all - in - one svm formulations ( lee et a ←
→ machine vs machine : minimax - optimal defense against adversarial examples ; recently , researchers have discovered that the state - of - the - art object classifiers can be fooled easily by small perturbations in the input unnoticeable to human eyes . it is known that an attacker can generate strong adversarial examples if she knows the classifier parameters . conversely , a defender can robustify the classifier by retraining if she has the adversarial examples . the cat - and - mouse game nature of attacks and defenses ra ←
→ solutions to problems with deep learning ; despite the several successes of deep learning systems , there are concerns about their limitations , discussed most recently by gary marcus . this paper discusses marcus ' s concerns and some others , together with solutions to several of these problems provided by the " p theory of intelligence " and its realisation in the " sp computer model ". the main advantages of the sp system are : relatively small requirements for data and the ability to learn from a single experienc ←
→ point localization and density estimation from ordinal knn graphs using synchronization ; we consider the problem of embedding unweighted , directed k - nearest neighbor graphs in low - dimensional euclidean space . the k - nearest neighbors of each vertex provides ordinal information on the distances between points , but not the distances themselves . we use this ordinal information along with the low - dimensionality to recover the coordinates of the points up to arbitrary similarity transformations ( rigid transfor ←
→ mofa : model - based deep convolutional face autoencoder for unsupervised monocular reconstruction ; in this work we propose a novel model - based deep convolutional autoencoder that addresses the highly challenging problem of reconstructing a 3d human face from a single in - the - wild color image . to this end , we combine a convolutional encoder network with an expert - designed generative model that serves as decoder . the core innovation is our new differentiable parametric decoder that encapsulates image formatio ←
→ prepositional attachment disambiguation using bilingual parsing and alignments ; in this paper , we attempt to solve the problem of prepositional phrase ( pp ) attachments in english . the motivation for the work comes from nlp applications like machine translation , for which , getting the correct attachment of prepositions is very crucial . the idea is to correct the pp - attachments for a sentence with the help of alignments from parallel data in another language . the novelty of our work lies in the formulation ←
→ automated segmentation of the pulmonary arteries in low - dose ct by vessel tracking ; we present a fully automated method for top - down segmentation of the pulmonary arterial tree in low - dose thoracic ct images . the main basal pulmonary arteries are identified near the lung hilum by searching for candidate vessels adjacent to known airways , identified by our previously reported airway segmentation method . model cylinders are iteratively fit to the vessels to track them into the lungs . vessel bifurcations ar ←
→ an automatic method of finding topic boundaries ; this article outlines a new method of locating discourse boundaries based on lexical cohesion and a graphical technique called dotplotting . the application of dotplotting to discourse segmentation can be performed either manually , by examining a graph , or automatically , using an optimization algorithm . the results of two experiments involving automatically locating boundaries between a series of concatenated documents are presented . areas of application and ←
→ sparsity - aware possibilistic clustering algorithms ; in this paper two novel possibilistic clustering algorithms are presented , which utilize the concept of sparsity . the first one , called sparse possibilistic c - means , exploits sparsity and can deal well with closely located clusters that may also be of significantly different densities . the second one , called sparse adaptive possibilistic c - means , is an extension of the first , where now the involved parameters are dynamically adapted . the latter can deal w ←
→ universal dependencies to logical forms with negation scope ; many language technology applications would benefit from the ability to represent negation and its scope on top of widely - used linguistic resources . in this paper , we investigate the possibility of obtaining a first - order logic representation with negation scope marked using universal dependencies . to do so , we enhance udeplambda , a framework that converts dependency graphs to logical forms . the resulting udeplambda $\ lnot $ is able to handle pheno ←
→ from traditional to modern : domain adaptation for action classification in short social video clips ; short internet video clips like vines present a significantly wild distribution compared to traditional video datasets . in this paper , we focus on the problem of unsupervised action classification in wild vines using traditional labeled datasets . to this end , we use a data augmentation based simple domain adaptation strategy . we utilise semantic word2vec space as a common subspace to embed video features ←
→ brief notes on hard takeoff , value alignment , and coherent extrapolated volition ; i make some basic observations about hard takeoff , value alignment , and coherent extrapolated volition , concepts which have been central in analyses of superintelligent ai systems .←
→ facial surface analysis using iso - geodesic curves in three dimensional face recognition system ; in this paper , we present an automatic 3d face recognition system . this system is based on the representation of human faces surfaces as collections of iso - geodesic curves ( igc ) using 3d fast marching algorithm . to compare two facial surfaces , we compute a geodesic distance between a pair of facial curves using a riemannian geometry . in the classifying step , we use : neural networks ( nn ), k - nearest neighbor ( kn ←
→ generative single image reflection separation ; single image reflection separation is an ill - posed problem since two scenes , a transmitted scene and a reflected scene , need to be inferred from a single observation . to make the problem tractable , in this work we assume that categories of two scenes are known . it allows us to address the problem by generating both scenes that belong to the categories while their contents are constrained to match with the observed image . a novel network architecture is propose ←
→ efficient algorithm for estimation of qualitative expected utility in possibilistic case - based reasoning ; we propose an efficient algorithm for estimation of possibility based qualitative expected utility . it is useful for decision making mechanisms where each possible decision is assigned a multi - attribute possibility distribution . the computational complexity of ordinary methods calculating the expected utility based on discretization is growing exponentially with the number of attributes , and may beco ←
→ universal matrix completion ; the problem of low - rank matrix completion has recently generated a lot of interest leading to several results that offer exact solutions to the problem . however , in order to do so , these methods make assumptions that can be quite restrictive in practice . more specifically , the methods assume that : a ) the observed indices are sampled uniformly at random , and b ) for every new matrix , the observed indices are sampled afresh . in this work , we address these issues by providing a uni ←
→ assessment of texture measures susceptibility to noise in conventional and contrast enhanced computed tomography lung tumour images ; noise is one of the major problems that hinder an effective texture analysis of disease in medical images , which may cause variability in the reported diagnosis . in this paper seven texture measurement methods ( two wavelet , two model and three statistical based ) were applied to investigate their susceptibility to subtle noise caused by acquisition and reconstruction deficie ←
→ scalable and flexible multiview max - var canonical correlation analysis ; generalized canonical correlation analysis ( gcca ) aims at finding latent low - dimensional common structure from multiple views ( feature vectors in different domains ) of the same entities . unlike principal component analysis ( pca ) that handles a single view , ( g ) cca is able to integrate information from different feature spaces . here we focus on max - var gcca , a popular formulation which has recently gained renewed interest in multilingual ←
→ eignets for function approximation on manifolds ; let $\ xx $ be a compact , smooth , connected , riemannian manifold without boundary , $ g :\ xx \ times \ xx \ to \ rr $ be a kernel . analogous to a radial basis function network , an eignet is an expression of the form $\ sum_ { j = 1 }^ m a_jg (\ circ , y_j )$, where $ a_j \ in \ rr $, $ y_j \ in \ xx $, $ 1 \ le j \ le m $. we describe a deterministic , universal algorithm for constructing an eignet for approximating functions in $ l ^ p (\ mu ;\ xx )$ for a general class of measures $\ mu $ and kernels $ g $. our ←
→ anticipating daily intention using on - wrist motion triggered sensing ; anticipating human intention by observing one ' s actions has many applications . for instance , picking up a cellphone , then a charger ( actions ) implies that one wants to charge the cellphone ( intention ). by anticipating the intention , an intelligent system can guide the user to the closest power outlet . we propose an on - wrist motion triggered sensing system for anticipating daily intentions , where the on - wrist sensors help us to persistent ←
→ regularization techniques for learning with matrices ; there is growing body of learning problems for which it is natural to organize the parameters into matrix , so as to appropriately regularize the parameters under some matrix norm ( in order to impose some more sophisticated prior knowledge ). this work describes and analyzes a systematic method for constructing such matrix - based , regularization methods . in particular , we focus on how the underlying statistical properties of a given problem can help us dec ←
→ quality adaptive low - rank based jpeg decoding with applications ; small compression noises , despite being transparent to human eyes , can adversely affect the results of many image restoration processes , if left unaccounted for . especially , compression noises are highly detrimental to inverse operators of high - boosting ( sharpening ) nature , such as deblurring and superresolution against a convolution kernel . by incorporating the non - linear dct quantization mechanism into the formulation for image restoration ,←
→ segmental convolutional neural networks for detection of cardiac abnormality with noisy heart sound recordings ; heart diseases constitute a global health burden , and the problem is exacerbated by the error - prone nature of listening to and interpreting heart sounds . this motivates the development of automated classification to screen for abnormal heart sounds . existing machine learning - based systems achieve accurate classification of heart sound recordings but rely on expert features that have not been th ←
→ machine learning for neuroimaging with scikit - learn ; statistical machine learning methods are increasingly used for neuroimaging data analysis . their main virtue is their ability to model high - dimensional datasets , e . g . multivariate analysis of activation images or resting - state time series . supervised learning is typically used in decoding or encoding settings to relate brain images to behavioral or clinical observations , while unsupervised learning can uncover hidden structures in sets of images ( e . g . re ←
→ an algorithm for quasi - associative and quasi - markovian rules of combination in information fusion ; in this paper one proposes a simple algorithm of combining the fusion rules , those rules which first use the conjunctive rule and then the transfer of conflicting mass to the non - empty sets , in such a way that they gain the property of associativity and fulfill the markovian requirement for dynamic fusion . also , a new rule , sdl - improved , is presented .←
→ corpora preparation and stopword list generation for arabic data in social network ; this paper proposes a methodology to prepare corpora in arabic language from online social network ( osn ) and review site for sentiment analysis ( sa ) task . the paper also proposes a methodology for generating a stopword list from the prepared corpora . the aim of the paper is to investigate the effect of removing stopwords on the sa task . the problem is that the stopwords lists generated before were on modern standard arabi ←
→ grad - cam : why did you say that ? ; we propose a technique for making convolutional neural network ( cnn )- based models more transparent by visualizing input regions that are ' important ' for predictions -- or visual explanations . our approach , called gradient - weighted class activation mapping ( grad - cam ), uses class - specific gradient information to localize important regions . these localizations are combined with existing pixel - space visualizations to create a novel high - resolution and class - discriminative visua ←
→ the evolutionary origins of modularity ; a central biological question is how natural organisms are so evolvable ( capable of quickly adapting to new environments ). a key driver of evolvability is the widespread modularity of biological networks -- their organization as functional , sparsely connected subunits -- but there is no consensus regarding why modularity itself evolved . while most hypotheses assume indirect selection for evolvability , here we demonstrate that the ubiquitous , direct selection pressure to ←
→ specialising word vectors for lexical entailment ; we present lear ( lexical entailment attract - repel ), a novel post - processing method that transforms any input word vector space to emphasise the asymmetric relation of lexical entailment ( le ), also known as the is - a or hyponymy - hypernymy relation . by injecting external linguistic constraints ( e . g ., wordnet links ) into the initial vector space , the le specialisation procedure brings true hyponymy - hypernymy pairs closer together in the transformed euclidean sp ←
→ learning general latent - variable graphical models with predictive belief propagation and hilbert space embeddings ; in this paper , we propose a new algorithm for learning general latent - variable probabilistic graphical models using the techniques of predictive state representation , instrumental variable regression , and reproducing - kernel hilbert space embeddings of distributions . under this new learning framework , we first convert latent - variable graphical models into corresponding latent - variable junctio ←
→ the regulargcc matrix constraint ; we study propagation of the regulargcc global constraint . this ensures that each row of a matrix of decision variables satisfies a regular constraint , and each column satisfies a gcc constraint . on the negative side , we prove that propagation is np - hard even under some strong restrictions ( e . g . just 3 values , just 4 states in the automaton , or just 5 columns to the matrix ). on the positive side , we identify two cases where propagation is fixed parameter tractable . in addit ←
→ mapping wordnets using structural information ; we present a robust approach for linking already existing lexical / semantic hierarchies . we used a constraint satisfaction algorithm ( relaxation labeling ) to select -- among a set of candidates -- the node in a target taxonomy that bests matches each node in a source taxonomy . in particular , we use it to map the nominal part of wordnet 1 . 5 onto wordnet 1 . 6 , with a very high precision and a very low remaining ambiguity .←
→ a simple reinforcement learning mechanism for resource allocation in lte - a networks with markov decision process and q - learning ; resource allocation is still a difficult issue to deal with in wireless networks . the unstable channel condition and traffic demand for quality of service ( qos ) raise some barriers that interfere with the process . it is significant that an optimal policy takes into account some resources available to each traffic class while considering the spectral efficiency and other related ←
→ hyperpower : power - and memory - constrained hyper - parameter optimization for neural networks ; while selecting the hyper - parameters of neural networks ( nns ) has been so far treated as an art , the emergence of more complex , deeper architectures poses increasingly more challenges to designers and machine learning ( ml ) practitioners , especially when power and memory constraints need to be considered . in this work , we propose hyperpower , a framework that enables efficient bayesian optimization and random search ←
→ lvreid : person re - identification with long sequence videos ; this paper mainly establishes a large - scale long sequence video database for person re - identification ( lvreid ). different from existing datasets , lvreid presents many important new features . ( 1 ) long sequences : the average sequence length is 200 frames , which convey more abundant cues like pose and viewpoint changes that can be explored for feature learning . ( 2 ) complex lighting , scene , and background variations : it is captured by 15 cameras locat ←
→ a robust lane detection and departure warning system ; in this work , we have developed a robust lane detection and departure warning technique . our system is based on single camera sensor . for lane detection a modified inverse perspective mapping using only a few extrinsic camera parameters and illuminant invariant techniques is used . lane markings are represented using a combination of 2nd and 4th order steerable filters , robust to shadowing . effect of shadowing and extra sun light are removed using lab co ←
→ dyna - h : a heuristic planning reinforcement learning algorithm applied to role - playing - game strategy decision systems ; in a role - playing game , finding optimal trajectories is one of the most important tasks . in fact , the strategy decision system becomes a key component of a game engine . determining the way in which decisions are taken ( online , batch or simulated ) and the consumed resources in decision making ( e . g . execution time , memory ) will influence , in mayor degree , the game performance . when classica ←
→ revisiting recurrent networks for paraphrastic sentence embeddings ; we consider the problem of learning general - purpose , paraphrastic sentence embeddings , revisiting the setting of wieting et al . ( 2016b ). while they found lstm recurrent networks to underperform word averaging , we present several developments that together produce the opposite conclusion . these include training on sentence pairs rather than phrase pairs , averaging states to represent sequences , and regularizing aggressively . these improve l ←
→ semi - supervised deep learning for fully convolutional networks ; deep learning usually requires large amounts of labeled training data , but annotating data is costly and tedious . the framework of semi - supervised learning provides the means to use both labeled data and arbitrary amounts of unlabeled data for training . recently , semi - supervised deep learning has been intensively studied for standard cnn architectures . however , fully convolutional networks ( fcns ) set the state - of - the - art for many image segment ←
→ definition and properties to assess multi - agent environments as social intelligence tests ; social intelligence in natural and artificial systems is usually measured by the evaluation of associated traits or tasks that are deemed to represent some facets of social behaviour . the amalgamation of these traits is then used to configure the intuitive notion of social intelligence . instead , in this paper we start from a parametrised definition of social intelligence as the expected performance in a set of envi ←
→ hidden trends in 90 years of harvard business review ; in this paper , we demonstrate and discuss results of our mining the abstracts of the publications in harvard business review between 1922 and 2012 . techniques for computing n - grams , collocations , basic sentiment analysis , and named - entity recognition were employed to uncover trends hidden in the abstracts . we present findings about international relationships , sentiment in hbr ' s abstracts , important international companies , influential technological inv ←
→ active sampler : light - weight accelerator for complex data analytics at scale ; recent years have witnessed amazing outcomes from " big models " trained by " big data ". most popular algorithms for model training are iterative . due to the surging volumes of data , we can usually afford to process only a fraction of the training data in each iteration . typically , the data are either uniformly sampled or sequentially accessed . in this paper , we study how the data access pattern can affect model training . we pro ←
→ the inductive logic of information systems ; an inductive logic can be formulated in which the elements are not propositions or probability distributions , but information systems . the logic is complete for information systems with binary hypotheses , i . e ., it applies to all such systems . it is not complete for information systems with more than two hypotheses , but applies to a subset of such systems . the logic is inductive in that conclusions are more informative than premises . inferences using the formalism ←
→ predicting disease - gene associations using cross - document graph - based features ; in the context of personalized medicine , text mining methods pose an interesting option for identifying disease - gene associations , as they can be used to generate novel links between diseases and genes which may complement knowledge from structured databases . the most straightforward approach to extract such links from text is to rely on a simple assumption postulating an association between all genes and diseases that co - occ ←
→ target - adaptive cnn - based pansharpening ; we recently proposed a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for remote sensing image pansharpening obtaining a significant performance gain over the state of the art . in this paper , we explore a number of architectural and training variations to this baseline , achieving further performance gains with a lightweight network which trains very fast . leveraging on this latter property , we propose a target - adaptive usage modality which ensures a very good performance also i ←
→ robust optical flow estimation in rainy scenes ; optical flow estimation in the rainy scenes is challenging due to background degradation introduced by rain streaks and rain accumulation effects in the scene . rain accumulation effect refers to poor visibility of remote objects due to the intense rainfall . most existing optical flow methods are erroneous when applied to rain sequences because the conventional brightness constancy constraint ( bcc ) and gradient constancy constraint ( gcc ) generally break down i ←
→ research : analysis of transport model that approximates decision taker ' s preferences ; paper provides a method for solving the reverse monge - kantorovich transport problem ( tp ). it allows to accumulate positive decision - taking experience made by decision - taker in situations that can be presented in the form of tp . the initial data for the solution of the inverse tp is the information on orders , inventories and effective decisions take by decision - taker . the result of solving the inverse tp contains evaluat ←
→ rank / norm regularization with closed - form solutions : application to subspace clustering ; when data is sampled from an unknown subspace , principal component analysis ( pca ) provides an effective way to estimate the subspace and hence reduce the dimension of the data . at the heart of pca is the eckart - young - mirsky theorem , which characterizes the best rank k approximation of a matrix . in this paper , we prove a generalization of the eckart - young - mirsky theorem under all unitarily invariant norms . using this ←
→ a survey on soft subspace clustering ; subspace clustering ( sc ) is a promising clustering technology to identify clusters based on their associations with subspaces in high dimensional spaces . sc can be classified into hard subspace clustering ( hsc ) and soft subspace clustering ( ssc ). while hsc algorithms have been extensively studied and well accepted by the scientific community , ssc algorithms are relatively new but gaining more attention in recent years due to better adaptability . in the paper , a compreh ←
→ statistical tools to assess the reliability of self - organizing maps ; results of neural network learning are always subject to some variability , due to the sensitivity to initial conditions , to convergence to local minima , and , sometimes more dramatically , to sampling variability . this paper presents a set of tools designed to assess the reliability of the results of self - organizing maps ( som ), i . e . to test on a statistical basis the confidence we can have on the result of a specific som . the tools concern ←
→ phase transitions , optimal errors and optimality of message - passing in generalized linear models ; we consider generalized linear models ( glms ) where an unknown $ n $- dimensional signal vector is observed through the application of a random matrix and a non - linear ( possibly probabilistic ) componentwise output function . we consider the models in the high - dimensional limit , where the observation consists of m points , and $ m / n \ to \ alpha $ where $\ alpha $ stays finite in the limit $ m , n \ to \ infty $. this situation is ←
→ glass - box program synthesis : a machine learning approach ; recently proposed models which learn to write computer programs from data use either input / output examples or rich execution traces . instead , we argue that a novel alternative is to use a glass - box loss function , given as a program itself that can be directly inspected . glass - box optimization covers a wide range of problems , from computing the greatest common divisor of two integers , to learning - to - learn problems . in this paper , we present an inte ←
→ meta learning of bounds on the bayes classifier error ; meta learning uses information from base learners ( e . g . classifiers or estimators ) as well as information about the learning problem to improve upon the performance of a single base learner . for example , the bayes error rate of a given feature space , if known , can be used to aid in choosing a classifier , as well as in feature selection and model selection for the base classifiers and the meta classifier . recent work in the field of f - divergence functio ←
→ using experimental game theory to transit human values to ethical ai ; knowing the reflection of game theory and ethics , we develop a mathematical representation to bridge the gap between the concepts in moral philosophy ( e . g ., kantian and utilitarian ) and ai ethics industry technology standard ( e . g ., ieee p7000 standard series for ethical ai ). as an application , we demonstrate how human value can be obtained from the experimental game theory ( e . g ., trust game experiment ) so as to build an ethical ai . moreo ←
→ an overview of melanoma detection in dermoscopy images using image processing and machine learning ; the incidence of malignant melanoma continues to increase worldwide . this cancer can strike at any age ; it is one of the leading causes of loss of life in young persons . since this cancer is visible on the skin , it is potentially detectable at a very early stage when it is curable . new developments have converged to make fully automatic early melanoma detection a real possibility . first , the advent of derm ←
→ recurrent neural networks for online video popularity prediction ; in this paper , we address the problem of popularity prediction of online videos shared in social media . we prove that this challenging task can be approached using recently proposed deep neural network architectures . we cast the popularity prediction problem as a classification task and we aim to solve it using only visual cues extracted from videos . to that end , we propose a new method based on a long - term recurrent convolutional network ( l ←
→ near - optimal nonmyopic value of information in graphical models ; a fundamental issue in real - world systems , such as sensor networks , is the selection of observations which most effectively reduce uncertainty . more specifically , we address the long standing problem of nonmyopically selecting the most informative subset of variables in a graphical model . we present the first efficient randomized algorithm providing a constant factor ( 1 - 1 / e - epsilon ) approximation guarantee for any epsilon > 0 with high confid ←
→ feature selection algorithm based on catastrophe model to improve the performance of regression analysis ; in this paper we introduce a new feature selection algorithm to remove the irrelevant or redundant features in the data sets . in this algorithm the importance of a feature is based on its fitting to the catastrophe model . akaike information crite - rion value is used for ranking the features in the data set . the proposed algorithm is compared with well - known relief feature selection algorithm . breast ←
→ chromatic pac - bayes bounds for non - iid data : applications to ranking and stationary $ β $- mixing processes ; pac - bayes bounds are among the most accurate generalization bounds for classifiers learned from independently and identically distributed ( iid ) data , and it is particularly so for margin classifiers : there have been recent contributions showing how practical these bounds can be either to perform model selection ( ambroladze et al ., 2007 ) or even to directly guide the learning of linear classifiers ( ge ←
→ sampling variations of lead sheets ; machine - learning techniques have been recently used with spectacular results to generate artefacts such as music or text . however , these techniques are still unable to capture and generate artefacts that are convincingly structured . in this paper we present an approach to generate structured musical sequences . we introduce a mechanism for sampling efficiently variations of musical sequences . given a input sequence and a statistical model , this mechanism samples a set of ←
→ statistical learning of rational wavelet transform for natural images ; motivated with the concept of transform learning and the utility of rational wavelet transform in audio and speech processing , this paper proposes rational wavelet transform learning in statistical sense ( rwls ) for natural images . the proposed rwls design is carried out via lifting framework and is shown to have a closed form solution . the efficacy of the learned transform is demonstrated in the application of compressed sensing ( cs ) ba ←
→ unified neural architecture for drug , disease and clinical entity recognition ; most existing methods for biomedical entity recognition task rely on explicit feature engineering where many features either are specific to a particular task or depends on output of other existing nlp tools . neural architectures have been shown across various domains that efforts for explicit feature design can be reduced . in this work we propose an unified framework using bi - directional long short term memory network ( blstm )←
→ moba : a new arena for game ai ; games have always been popular testbeds for artificial intelligence ( ai ). in the last decade , we have seen the rise of the multiple online battle arena ( moba ) games , which are the most played games nowadays . in spite of this , there are few works that explore moba as a testbed for ai research . in this paper we present and discuss the main features and opportunities offered by moba games to game ai research . we describe the various challenges faced along the game and also propo ←
→ role of morphology injection in statistical machine translation ; phrase - based statistical models are more commonly used as they perform optimally in terms of both , translation quality and complexity of the system . hindi and in general all indian languages are morphologically richer than english . hence , even though phrase - based systems perform very well for the less divergent language pairs , for english to indian language translation , we need more linguistic information ( such as morphology , parse tree , part ←
→ opml : a one - pass closed - form solution for online metric learning ; to achieve a low computational cost when performing online metric learning for large - scale data , we present a one - pass closed - form solution namely opml in this paper . typically , the proposed opml first adopts a one - pass triplet construction strategy , which aims to use only a very small number of triplets to approximate the representation ability of whole original triplets obtained by batch - manner methods . then , opml employs a closed - form sol ←
→ discriminative probabilistic prototype learning ; in this paper we propose a simple yet powerful method for learning representations in supervised learning scenarios where each original input datapoint is described by a set of vectors and their associated outputs may be given by soft labels indicating , for example , class probabilities . we represent an input datapoint as a mixture of probabilities over the corresponding set of feature vectors where each probability indicates how likely each vector is to belo ←
→ learning multi - scale deep features for high - resolution satellite image classification ; in this paper , we propose a multi - scale deep feature learning method for high - resolution satellite image classification . specifically , we firstly warp the original satellite image into multiple different scales . the images in each scale are employed to train a deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ). however , simultaneously training multiple dcnns is time - consuming . to address this issue , we explore dcnn with spatial ←
→ using mechanical turk to build machine translation evaluation sets ; building machine translation ( mt ) test sets is a relatively expensive task . as mt becomes increasingly desired for more and more language pairs and more and more domains , it becomes necessary to build test sets for each case . in this paper , we investigate using amazon ' s mechanical turk ( mturk ) to make mt test sets cheaply . we find that mturk can be used to make test sets much cheaper than professionally - produced test sets . more importantly ←
→ a critical assessment of benchmark comparison in planning ; recent trends in planning research have led to empirical comparison becoming commonplace . the field has started to settle into a methodology for such comparisons , which for obvious practical reasons requires running a subset of planners on a subset of problems . in this paper , we characterize the methodology and examine eight implicit assumptions about the problems , planners and metrics used in many of these comparisons . the problem assumptions are :←
→ improvements for multi - objective flow shop scheduling by pareto iterated local search ; the article describes the proposition and application of a local search metaheuristic for multi - objective optimization problems . it is based on two main principles of heuristic search , intensification through variable neighborhoods , and diversification through perturbations and successive iterations in favorable regions of the search space . the concept is successfully tested on permutation flow shop scheduling problems ←
→ on the preliminary design of multiple gravity - assist trajectories ; in this paper the preliminary design of multiple gravity - assist trajectories is formulated as a global optimization problem . an analysis of the structure of the solution space reveals a strong multimodality , which is strictly dependent on the complexity of the model . on the other hand it is shown how an oversimplification could prevent finding potentially interesting solutions . a trajectory model , which represents a compromise between model ←
→ geospatial semantics : beyond ontologies , towards an enactive approach ; current approaches to semantics in the geospatial domain are mainly based on ontologies , but ontologies , since continue to build entirely on the symbolic methodology , suffers from the classical problems , e . g . the symbol grounding problem , affecting representational theories . we claim for an enactive approach to semantics , where meaning is considered to be an emergent feature arising context - dependently in action . since representational ←
→ an experiment on the connection between the dls ' family dl < forallpizero > and the real world ; this paper describes the analysis of a selected testbed of semantic web ontologies , by a sparql query , which determines those ontologies that can be related to the description logic dl < forallpizero >, introduced in [ 4 ] and studied in [ 9 ]. we will see that a reasonable number of them is expressible within such computationally efficient language . we expect that , in a long - term view , a temporalization of description ←
→ brain tumor detection and classification with feed forward back - prop neural network ; brain is an organ that controls activities of all the parts of the body . recognition of automated brain tumor in magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) is a difficult task due to complexity of size and location variability . this automatic method detects all the type of cancer present in the body . previous methods for tumor are time consuming and less accurate . in the present work , statistical analysis morphological and thresho ←
→ deep learning with dynamic computation graphs ; neural networks that compute over graph structures are a natural fit for problems in a variety of domains , including natural language ( parse trees ) and cheminformatics ( molecular graphs ). however , since the computation graph has a different shape and size for every input , such networks do not directly support batched training or inference . they are also difficult to implement in popular deep learning libraries , which are based on static data - flow graphs . we in ←
→ improvement tracking dynamic programming using replication function for continuous sign language recognition ; in this paper we used a replication function ( r . f .) for improvement tracking with dynamic programming . the r . f . transforms values of gray level [ 0 255 ] to [ 0 1 ]. the resulting images of r . f . are more striking and visible in skin regions . the r . f . improves dynamic programming ( d . p .) in overlapping hand and face . results show that tracking error rate 11 % and average tracked distance 7 % reduced ←
→ learning deep convolutional features for mri based alzheimer ' s disease classification ; effective and accurate diagnosis of alzheimer ' s disease ( ad ) or mild cognitive impairment ( mci ) can be critical for early treatment and thus has attracted more and more attention nowadays . since first introduced , machine learning methods have been gaining increasing popularity for ad related research . among the various identified biomarkers , magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) are widely used for the prediction of ad or m ←
→ approximate inference with the variational holder bound ; we introduce the variational holder ( vh ) bound as an alternative to variational bayes ( vb ) for approximate bayesian inference . unlike vb which typically involves maximization of a non - convex lower bound with respect to the variational parameters , the vh bound involves minimization of a convex upper bound to the intractable integral with respect to the variational parameters . minimization of the vh bound is a convex optimization problem ; hence the vh ←
→ learning curves for multi - task gaussian process regression ; we study the average case performance of multi - task gaussian process ( gp ) regression as captured in the learning curve , i . e . the average bayes error for a chosen task versus the total number of examples $ n $ for all tasks . for gp covariances that are the product of an input - dependent covariance function and a free - form inter - task covariance matrix , we show that accurate approximations for the learning curve can be obtained for an arbitrary number o ←
→ desiderata for vector - space word representations ; a plethora of vector - space representations for words is currently available , which is growing . these consist of fixed - length vectors containing real values , which represent a word . the result is a representation upon which the power of many conventional information processing and data mining techniques can be brought to bear , as long as the representations are designed with some forethought and fit certain constraints . this paper details desiderata for the ←
→ a comparative experiment of several shape methods in recognizing plants ; shape is an important aspects in recognizing plants . several approaches have been introduced to identify objects , including plants . combination of geometric features such as aspect ratio , compactness , and dispersion , or moments such as moment invariants were usually used toidentify plants . in this research , a comparative experiment of 4 methods to identify plants using shape features was accomplished . two approaches have never been us ←
→ residual expansion algorithm : fast and effective optimization for nonconvex least squares problems ; we propose the residual expansion ( re ) algorithm : a global ( or near - global ) optimization method for nonconvex least squares problems . unlike most existing nonconvex optimization techniques , the re algorithm is not based on either stochastic or multi - point searches ; therefore , it can achieve fast global optimization . moreover , the re algorithm is easy to implement and successful in high - dimensional optimiza ←
→ cloud - based deep learning of big eeg data for epileptic seizure prediction ; developing a brain - computer interface ~( bci ) for seizure prediction can help epileptic patients have a better quality of life . however , there are many difficulties and challenges in developing such a system as a real - life support for patients . because of the nonstationary nature of eeg signals , normal and seizure patterns vary across different patients . thus , finding a group of manually extracted features for the prediction task i ←
→ coherent integration of databases by abductive logic programming ; we introduce an abductive method for a coherent integration of independent data - sources . the idea is to compute a list of data - facts that should be inserted to the amalgamated database or retracted from it in order to restore its consistency . this method is implemented by an abductive solver , called asystem , that applies sldnfa - resolution on a meta - theory that relates different , possibly contradicting , input databases . we also give a pure mo ←
→ convolutional networks on graphs for learning molecular fingerprints ; we introduce a convolutional neural network that operates directly on graphs . these networks allow end - to - end learning of prediction pipelines whose inputs are graphs of arbitrary size and shape . the architecture we present generalizes standard molecular feature extraction methods based on circular fingerprints . we show that these data - driven features are more interpretable , and have better predictive performance on a variety of tasks .←
→ the laplacian k - modes algorithm for clustering ; in addition to finding meaningful clusters , centroid - based clustering algorithms such as k - means or mean - shift should ideally find centroids that are valid patterns in the input space , representative of data in their cluster . this is challenging with data having a nonconvex or manifold structure , as with images or text . we introduce a new algorithm , laplacian k - modes , which naturally combines three powerful ideas in clustering : the explicit use of assignment ←
→ generative and latent mean map kernels ; we introduce two kernels that extend the mean map , which embeds probability measures in hilbert spaces . the generative mean map kernel ( gmmk ) is a smooth similarity measure between probabilistic models . the latent mean map kernel ( lmmk ) generalizes the non - iid formulation of hilbert space embeddings of empirical distributions in order to incorporate latent variable models . when comparing certain classes of distributions , the gmmk exhibits beneficial regularization an ←
→ surface normals in the wild ; we study the problem of single - image depth estimation for images in the wild . we collect human annotated surface normals and use them to train a neural network that directly predicts pixel - wise depth . we propose two novel loss functions for training with surface normal annotations . experiments on nyu depth and our own dataset demonstrate that our approach can significantly improve the quality of depth estimation in the wild .←
→ eigenevent : an algorithm for event detection from complex data streams in syndromic surveillance ; syndromic surveillance systems continuously monitor multiple pre - diagnostic daily streams of indicators from different regions with the aim of early detection of disease outbreaks . the main objective of these systems is to detect outbreaks hours or days before the clinical and laboratory confirmation . the type of data that is being generated via these systems is usually multivariate and seasonal with spatial ←
→ global optimality conditions for deep neural networks ; we study the error landscape of deep linear and nonlinear neural networks with the squared error loss . minimizing the loss of a deep linear neural network is a nonconvex problem , and despite recent progress , our understanding of this loss surface is still incomplete . for deep linear networks , we present necessary and sufficient conditions for a critical point of the risk function to be a global minimum . our conditions provide an efficiently checkable t ←
→ organizing encyclopedic knowledge based on the web and its application to question answering ; we propose a method to generate large - scale encyclopedic knowledge , which is valuable for much nlp research , based on the web . we first search the web for pages containing a term in question . then we use linguistic patterns and html structures to extract text fragments describing the term . finally , we organize extracted term descriptions based on word senses and domains . in addition , we apply an automatically ge ←
→ the fast bilateral solver ; we present the bilateral solver , a novel algorithm for edge - aware smoothing that combines the flexibility and speed of simple filtering approaches with the accuracy of domain - specific optimization algorithms . our technique is capable of matching or improving upon state - of - the - art results on several different computer vision tasks ( stereo , depth superresolution , colorization , and semantic segmentation ) while being 10 - 1000 times faster than competing approaches . the bilateral solve ←
→ learning deep structure - preserving image - text embeddings ; this paper proposes a method for learning joint embeddings of images and text using a two - branch neural network with multiple layers of linear projections followed by nonlinearities . the network is trained using a large margin objective that combines cross - view ranking constraints with within - view neighborhood structure preservation constraints inspired by metric learning literature . extensive experiments show that our approach gains significant imp ←
→ the grail theorem prover : type theory for syntax and semantics ; as the name suggests , type - logical grammars are a grammar formalism based on logic and type theory . from the prespective of grammar design , type - logical grammars develop the syntactic and semantic aspects of linguistic phenomena hand - in - hand , letting the desired semantics of an expression inform the syntactic type and vice versa . prototypical examples of the successful application of type - logical grammars to the syntax - semantics interface incl ←
→ doc : deep occlusion estimation from a single image ; recovering the occlusion relationships between objects is a fundamental human visual ability which yields important information about the 3d world . in this paper we propose a deep network architecture , called doc , which acts on a single image , detects object boundaries and estimates the border ownership ( i . e . which side of the boundary is foreground and which is background ). we represent occlusion relations by a binary edge map , to indicate the object bou ←
→ mrf - zoom : a fast dictionary searching algorithm for magnetic resonance fingerprinting ; magnetic resonance fingerprinting ( mrf ) is a new technique for simultaneously quantifying multiple mr parameters using one temporally resolved mr scan . but its brute - force dictionary generating and searching ( dgs ) process causes a huge disk space demand and computational burden , prohibiting it from a practical multiple slice high - definition imaging . the purpose of this paper was to provide a fast and space efficient dg ←
→ fisher motion descriptor for multiview gait recognition ; the goal of this paper is to identify individuals by analyzing their gait . instead of using binary silhouettes as input data ( as done in many previous works ) we propose and evaluate the use of motion descriptors based on densely sampled short - term trajectories . we take advantage of state - of - the - art people detectors to define custom spatial configurations of the descriptors around the target person , obtaining a rich representation of the gait motion . ←
→ cross - modal recurrent models for weight objective prediction from multimodal time - series data ; we analyse multimodal time - series data corresponding to weight , sleep and steps measurements . we focus on predicting whether a user will successfully achieve his / her weight objective . for this , we design several deep long short - term memory ( lstm ) architectures , including a novel cross - modal lstm ( x - lstm ), and demonstrate their superiority over baseline approaches . the x - lstm improves parameter efficiency by pro ←
→ a unified view of causal and non - causal feature selection ; in this paper , we unify causal and non - causal feature selection methods based on the bayesian network framework . we first show that the objectives of causal and non - causal feature selection methods are equal and are to find the markov blanket of a class attribute , the theoretically optimal feature set for classification . we demonstrate that causal and non - causal feature selection take different assumptions of dependency among features to find marko ←
→ learning temporal transformations from time - lapse videos ; based on life - long observations of physical , chemical , and biologic phenomena in the natural world , humans can often easily picture in their minds what an object will look like in the future . but , what about computers ? in this paper , we learn computational models of object transformations from time - lapse videos . in particular , we explore the use of generative models to create depictions of objects at future times . these models explore several differ ←
→ deformable deep convolutional generative adversarial network in microwave based hand gesture recognition system ; traditional vision - based hand gesture recognition systems is limited under dark circumstances . in this paper , we build a hand gesture recognition system based on microwave transceiver and deep learning algorithm . a doppler radar sensor with dual receiving channels at 5 . 8ghz is used to acquire a big database of hand gestures signals . the received hand gesture signals are then processed with tim ←
→ visualizing linguistic shift ; neural network based models are a very powerful tool for creating word embeddings , the objective of these models is to group similar words together . these embeddings have been used as features to improve results in various applications such as document classification , named entity recognition , etc . neural language models are able to learn word representations which have been used to capture semantic shifts across time and geography . the objective of this paper is to first iden ←
→ teaching machines to code : neural markup generation with visual attention ; we present a deep recurrent neural network model with soft visual attention that learns to generate latex markup of real - world math formulas given their images . applying neural sequence generation techniques that have been very successful in the fields of machine translation and image / handwriting / speech captioning , recognition , transcription and synthesis , we construct an image - to - markup model that learns to produce syntactically ←
→ audio classical composer identification by deep neural network ; audio classical composer identification ( acc ) is an important problem in music information retrieval ( mir ) which aims at identifying the composer for audio classical music clips . the famous annual competition , music information retrieval evaluation exchange ( mirex ), also takes it as one of the four training & testing tasks . we built a hybrid model based on deep belief network ( dbn ) and stacked denoising autoencoder ( sda ) to identify the composer ←
→ updating the vesicle - cnn synapse detector ; we present an updated version of the vesicle - cnn algorithm presented by roncal et al . ( 2014 ). the original implementation makes use of a patch - based approach . this methodology is known to be slow due to repeated computations . we update this implementation to be fully convolutional through the use of dilated convolutions , recovering the expanded field of view achieved through the use of strided maxpools , but without a degradation of spatial resolution . this updated ←
→ distributed prioritized experience replay ; we propose a distributed architecture for deep reinforcement learning at scale , that enables agents to learn effectively from orders of magnitude more data than previously possible . the algorithm decouples acting from learning : the actors interact with their own instances of the environment by selecting actions according to a shared neural network , and accumulate the resulting experience in a shared experience replay memory ; the learner replays samples of experien ←
→ on consistent vertex nomination schemes ; given a vertex of interest in a network $ g_1 $, the vertex nomination problem seeks to find the corresponding vertex of interest ( if it exists ) in a second network $ g_2 $. although the vertex nomination problem and related tasks have attracted much attention in the machine learning literature , with applications to social and biological networks , the framework has so far been confined to a comparatively small class of network models , and the concept of statistically co ←
→ a semi - automated segmentation method for detection of pulmonary embolism in true - fisp mri sequences ; pulmonary embolism ( pe ) is a highly mortal disease , currently assessed by pulmonary ct angiography . true - fisp mri has emerged as an innocuous alternative that does not hold many of the limitations of x - ray imaging . however , true - fisp mri is very sensitive to turbulent blood flow , generating artifacts that may resemble fake clots in the pulmonary vasculature . these misinterpretations reduce its overall dia ←
→ inferring semantic layout for hierarchical text - to - image synthesis ; we propose a novel hierarchical approach for text - to - image synthesis by inferring semantic layout . instead of learning a direct mapping from text to image , our algorithm decomposes the generation process into multiple steps , in which it first constructs a semantic layout from the text by the layout generator and converts the layout to an image by the image generator . the proposed layout generator progressively constructs a semantic layout ←
→ a practical approach to language complexity : a wikipedia case study ; in this paper we present statistical analysis of english texts from wikipedia . we try to address the issue of language complexity empirically by comparing the simple english wikipedia ( simple ) to comparable samples of the main english wikipedia ( main ). simple is supposed to use a more simplified language with a limited vocabulary , and editors are explicitly requested to follow this guideline , yet in practice the vocabulary richness of bot ←
→ preorder - based triangle : a modified version of bilattice - based triangle for belief revision in nonmonotonic reasoning ; bilattice - based triangle provides an elegant algebraic structure for reasoning with vague and uncertain information . but the truth and knowledge ordering of intervals in bilattice - based triangle can not handle repetitive belief revisions which is an essential characteristic of nonmonotonic reasoning . moreover the ordering induced over the intervals by the bilattice - based triangle is not ←
→ show , attend and tell : neural image caption generation with visual attention ; inspired by recent work in machine translation and object detection , we introduce an attention based model that automatically learns to describe the content of images . we describe how we can train this model in a deterministic manner using standard backpropagation techniques and stochastically by maximizing a variational lower bound . we also show through visualization how the model is able to automatically learn to fix its gaze ←
→ bounded policy synthesis for pomdps with safe - reachability objectives ; planning robust executions under uncertainty is a fundamental challenge for building autonomous robots . partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) provide a standard framework for modeling uncertainty in many robot applications . a key algorithmic problem for pomdps is policy synthesis . while this problem has traditionally been posed w . r . t . optimality objectives , many robot applications are better modeled by pomdps where the ←
→ predicting enemy ' s actions improves commander decision - making ; the defense advanced research projects agency ( darpa ) real - time adversarial intelligence and decision - making ( raid ) program is investigating the feasibility of " reading the mind of the enemy " - to estimate and anticipate , in real - time , the enemy ' s likely goals , deceptions , actions , movements and positions . this program focuses specifically on urban battles at echelons of battalion and below . the raid program leverages approximate game - theoretic ←
→ data stability in clustering : a closer look ; we consider the model introduced by bilu and linial ( 2010 ), who study problems for which the optimal clustering does not change when distances are perturbed . they show that even when a problem is np - hard , it is sometimes possible to obtain efficient algorithms for instances resilient to certain multiplicative perturbations , e . g . on the order of $ o (\ sqrt { n })$ for max - cut clustering . awasthi et al . ( 2010 ) consider center - based objectives , and balcan and liang ( 201 ←
→ recovering spatiotemporal correspondence between deformable objects by exploiting consistent foreground motion in video ; given unstructured videos of deformable objects , we automatically recover spatiotemporal correspondences to map one object to another ( such as animals in the wild ). while traditional methods based on appearance fail in such challenging conditions , we exploit consistency in object motion between instances . our approach discovers pairs of short video intervals where the object moves in a ←
→ automatic disambiguation of french discourse connectives ; discourse connectives ( e . g . however , because ) are terms that can explicitly convey a discourse relation within a text . while discourse connectives have been shown to be an effective clue to automatically identify discourse relations , they are not always used to convey such relations , thus they should first be disambiguated between discourse - usage non - discourse - usage . in this paper , we investigate the applicability of features proposed for the disamb ←
→ ohiostate at ijcnlp - 2017 task 4 : exploring neural architectures for multilingual customer feedback analysis ; this paper describes our systems for ijcnlp 2017 shared task on customer feedback analysis . we experimented with simple neural architectures that gave competitive performance on certain tasks . this includes shallow cnn and bi - directional lstm architectures with facebook ' s fasttext as a baseline model . our best performing model was in the top 5 systems using the exact - accuracy and micro - average - f1 ←
→ effective sequential classifier training for svm - based multitemporal remote sensing image classification ; the explosive availability of remote sensing images has challenged supervised classification algorithms such as support vector machines ( svm ), as training samples tend to be highly limited due to the expensive and laborious task of ground truthing . the temporal correlation and spectral similarity between multitemporal images have opened up an opportunity to alleviate this problem . in this study , a sv ←
→ saliency - guided adaptive seeding for supervoxel segmentation ; we propose a new saliency - guided method for generating supervoxels in 3d space . rather than using an evenly distributed spatial seeding procedure , our method uses visual saliency to guide the process of supervoxel generation . this results in densely distributed , small , and precise supervoxels in salient regions which often contain objects , and larger supervoxels in less salient regions that often correspond to background . our approach largely im ←
→ sensitivity analysis , multilinearity and beyond ; sensitivity methods for the analysis of the outputs of discrete bayesian networks have been extensively studied and implemented in different software packages . these methods usually focus on the study of sensitivity functions and on the impact of a parameter change to the chan - darwiche distance . although not fully recognized , the majority of these results heavily rely on the multilinear structure of atomic probabilities in terms of the conditional probabilit ←
→ an empirical study of ai population dynamics with million - agent reinforcement learning ; in this paper , we conduct an empirical study on discovering the ordered collective dynamics obtained by a population of artificial intelligence ( ai ) agents . our intention is to put ai agents into a simulated natural context , and then to understand their induced dynamics at the population level . in particular , we aim to verify if the principles developed in the real world could also be used in understanding an artifici ←
→ a unified parallel algorithm for regularized group pls scalable to big data ; partial least squares ( pls ) methods have been heavily exploited to analyse the association between two blocs of data . these powerful approaches can be applied to data sets where the number of variables is greater than the number of observations and in presence of high collinearity between variables . different sparse versions of pls have been developed to integrate multiple data sets while simultaneously selecting the contributin ←
→ exception - based knowledge updates ; existing methods for dealing with knowledge updates differ greatly depending on the underlying knowledge representation formalism . when classical logic is used , updates are typically performed by manipulating the knowledge base on the model - theoretic level . on the opposite side of the spectrum stand the semantics for updating answer - set programs that need to rely on rule syntax . yet , a unifying perspective that could embrace both these branches of research is of great imp ←
→ importance sampling in bayesian networks : an influence - based approximation strategy for importance functions ; one of the main problems of importance sampling in bayesian networks is representation of the importance function , which should ideally be as close as possible to the posterior joint distribution . typically , we represent an importance function as a factorization , i . e ., product of conditional probability tables ( cpts ). given diagnostic evidence , we do not have explicit forms for the cpts in the ne ←
→ computing as compression : the sp theory of intelligence ; this paper provides an overview of the sp theory of intelligence and its central idea that artificial intelligence , mainstream computing , and much of human perception and cognition , may be understood as information compression . the background and origins of the sp theory are described , and the main elements of the theory , including the key concept of multiple alignment , borrowed from bioinformatics but with important differences . associated with th ←
→ distributed representation of geometrically correlated images with compressed linear measurements ; this paper addresses the problem of distributed coding of images whose correlation is driven by the motion of objects or positioning of the vision sensors . it concentrates on the problem where images are encoded with compressed linear measurements . we propose a geometry - based correlation model in order to describe the common information in pairs of images . we assume that the constitutive components of natur ←
→ safe exploration of state and action spaces in reinforcement learning ; in this paper , we consider the important problem of safe exploration in reinforcement learning . while reinforcement learning is well - suited to domains with complex transition dynamics and high - dimensional state - action spaces , an additional challenge is posed by the need for safe and efficient exploration . traditional exploration techniques are not particularly useful for solving dangerous tasks , where the trial and error process may lea ←
→ measurements of collective machine intelligence ; independent from the still ongoing research in measuring individual intelligence , we anticipate and provide a framework for measuring collective intelligence . collective intelligence refers to the idea that several individuals can collaborate in order to achieve high levels of intelligence . we present thus some ideas on how the intelligence of a group can be measured and simulate such tests . we will however focus here on groups of artificial intelligence age ←
→ qbf solving by counterexample - guided expansion ; we introduce a novel generalization of counterexample - guided inductive synthesis ( cegis ) and instantiate it to yield a novel , competitive algorithm for solving quantified boolean formulas ( qbf ). current qbf solvers based on counterexample - guided expansion use a recursive approach which scales poorly with the number of quantifier alternations . our generalization of cegis removes the need for this recursive approach , and we instantiate it to yield a simple and ←
→ zero - shot learning through cross - modal transfer ; this work introduces a model that can recognize objects in images even if no training data is available for the objects . the only necessary knowledge about the unseen categories comes from unsupervised large text corpora . in our zero - shot framework distributional information in language can be seen as spanning a semantic basis for understanding what objects look like . most previous zero - shot learning models can only differentiate between unseen classes . in c ←
→ a neural network model to classify liver cancer patients using data expansion and compression ; we develop a neural network model to classify liver cancer patients into high - risk and low - risk groups using genomic data . our approach provides a novel technique to classify big data sets using neural network models . we preprocess the data before training the neural network models . we first expand the data using wavelet analysis . we then compress the wavelet coefficients by mapping them onto a new scaled ortho ←
→ on how percolation threshold affects pso performance ; statistical evidence of the influence of neighborhood topology on the performance of particle swarm optimization ( pso ) algorithms has been shown in many works . however , little has been done about the implications could have the percolation threshold in determining the topology of this neighborhood . this work addresses this problem for individuals that , like robots , are able to sense in a limited neighborhood around them . based on the concept of percolat ←
→ simpler context - dependent logical forms via model projections ; we consider the task of learning a context - dependent mapping from utterances to denotations . with only denotations at training time , we must search over a combinatorially large space of logical forms , which is even larger with context - dependent utterances . to cope with this challenge , we perform successive projections of the full model onto simpler models that operate over equivalence classes of logical forms . though less expressive , we find th ←
→ mesa : maximum entropy by simulated annealing ; probabilistic reasoning systems combine different probabilistic rules and probabilistic facts to arrive at the desired probability values of consequences . in this paper we describe the mesa - algorithm ( maximum entropy by simulated annealing ) that derives a joint distribution of variables or propositions . it takes into account the reliability of probability values and can resolve conflicts between contradictory statements . the joint distribution is represented in ←
→ event retrieval using motion barcodes ; we introduce a simple and effective method for retrieval of videos showing a specific event , even when the videos of that event were captured from significantly different viewpoints . appearance - based methods fail in such cases , as appearances change with large changes of viewpoints . our method is based on a pixel - based feature , " motion barcode ", which records the existence / non - existence of motion as a function of time . while appearance , motion magnitude , and motion ←
→ counterfactual equivalence for pomdps , and underlying deterministic environments ; partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) are rich environments often used in machine learning . but the issue of information and causal structures in pomdps has been relatively little studied . this paper presents the concepts of equivalent and counterfactually equivalent pomdps , where agents cannot distinguish which environment they are in though any observations and actions . it shows that any pomdp is counter ←
→ a robust alternating direction method for constrained hybrid variational deblurring model ; in this work , a new constrained hybrid variational deblurring model is developed by combining the non - convex first - and second - order total variation regularizers . moreover , a box constraint is imposed on the proposed model to guarantee high deblurring performance . the developed constrained hybrid variational model could achieve a good balance between preserving image details and alleviating ringing artifacts . in wh ←
→ noise - adaptive margin - based active learning and lower bounds under tsybakov noise condition ; we present a simple noise - robust margin - based active learning algorithm to find homogeneous ( passing the origin ) linear separators and analyze its error convergence when labels are corrupted by noise . we show that when the imposed noise satisfies the tsybakov low noise condition ( mammen , tsybakov , and others 1999 ; tsybakov 2004 ) the algorithm is able to adapt to unknown level of noise and achieves optimal statist ←
→ deflecting adversarial attacks with pixel deflection ; cnns are poised to become integral parts of many critical systems . despite their robustness to natural variations , image pixel values can be manipulated , via small , carefully crafted , imperceptible perturbations , to cause a model to misclassify images . we present an algorithm to process an image so that classification accuracy is significantly preserved in the presence of such adversarial manipulations . image classifiers tend to be robust to natural noi ←
→ generic image classification approaches excel on face recognition ; the main finding of this work is that the standard image classification pipeline , which consists of dictionary learning , feature encoding , spatial pyramid pooling and linear classification , outperforms all state - of - the - art face recognition methods on the tested benchmark datasets ( we have tested on ar , extended yale b , the challenging feret , and lfw - a datasets ). this surprising and prominent result suggests that those advances in generic im ←
→ efficient mixture model for clustering of sparse high dimensional binary data ; in this paper we propose a mixture model , sparsemix , for clustering of sparse high dimensional binary data , which connects model - based with centroid - based clustering . every group is described by a representative and a probability distribution modeling dispersion from this representative . in contrast to classical mixture models based on em algorithm , sparsemix : - is especially designed for the processing of sparse data , - can ←
→ learning rates for the risk of kernel based quantile regression estimators in additive models ; additive models play an important role in semiparametric statistics . this paper gives learning rates for regularized kernel based methods for additive models . these learning rates compare favourably in particular in high dimensions to recent results on optimal learning rates for purely nonparametric regularized kernel based quantile regression using the gaussian radial basis function kernel , provided the assump ←
→ a faster patch ordering method for image denoising ; among the patch - based image denoising processing methods , smooth ordering of local patches ( patch ordering ) has been shown to give state - of - art results . for image denoising the patch ordering method forms two large tsps ( traveling salesman problem ) comprised of nodes in n - dimensional space . ten approximate solutions of the two large tsps are then used in a filtering process to form the reconstructed image . use of large tsps makes patch ordering a computat ←
→ noddi - sh : a computational efficient noddi extension for fodf estimation in diffusion mri ; diffusion magnetic resonance imaging ( dmri ) is the only non - invasive imaging technique which is able to detect the principal directions of water diffusion as well as neurites density in the human brain . exploiting the ability of spherical harmonics ( sh ) to model spherical functions , we propose a new reconstruction model for dmri data which is able to estimate both the fiber orientation distribution function ( fodf ) a ←
→ ontologies for the integration of air quality models and 3d city models ; the holistic approach to sustainable urban planning implies using different models in an integrated way that is capable of simulating the urban system . as the interconnection of such models is not a trivial task , one of the key elements that may be applied is the description of the urban geometric properties in an " interoperable " way . focusing on air quality as one of the most pronounced urban problems , the geometric aspects of a city ←
→ convolutional neural network with word embeddings for chinese word segmentation ; character - based sequence labeling framework is flexible and efficient for chinese word segmentation ( cws ). recently , many character - based neural models have been applied to cws . while they obtain good performance , they have two obvious weaknesses . the first is that they heavily rely on manually designed bigram feature , i . e . they are not good at capturing n - gram features automatically . the second is that they make no use of f ←
→ online algorithms for the multi - armed bandit problem with markovian rewards ; we consider the classical multi - armed bandit problem with markovian rewards . when played an arm changes its state in a markovian fashion while it remains frozen when not played . the player receives a state - dependent reward each time it plays an arm . the number of states and the state transition probabilities of an arm are unknown to the player . the player ' s objective is to maximize its long - term total reward by learning the best ←
→ verifying a platform for digital imaging : a multi - tool strategy ; fiji is a java platform widely used by biologists and other experimental scientists to process digital images . in particular , in our research - made together with a biologists team ; we use fiji in some pre - processing steps before undertaking a homological digital processing of images . in a previous work , we have formalised the correctness of the programs which use homological techniques to analyse digital images . however , the verification of ←
→ pbm : a new dataset for blog mining ; text mining is becoming vital as web 2 . 0 offers collaborative content creation and sharing . now researchers have growing interest in text mining methods for discovering knowledge . text mining researchers come from variety of areas like : natural language processing , computational linguistic , machine learning , and statistics . a typical text mining application involves preprocessing of text , stemming and lemmatization , tagging and annotation , deriving knowledge patterns , ev ←
→ small - sample brain mapping : sparse recovery on spatially correlated designs with randomization and clustering ; functional neuroimaging can measure the brain ? s response to an external stimulus . it is used to perform brain mapping : identifying from these observations the brain regions involved . this problem can be cast into a linear supervised learning task where the neuroimaging data are used as predictors for the stimulus . brain mapping is then seen as a support recovery problem . on functional mri ( fmri )←
→ god ( s ) know ( s ): developmental and cross - cultural patterns in children drawings ; this paper introduces a novel approach to data analysis designed for the needs of specialists in psychology of religion . we detect developmental and cross - cultural patterns in children ' s drawings of god ( s ) and other supernatural agents . we develop methods to objectively evaluate our empirical observations of the drawings with respect to : ( 1 ) the gravity center , ( 2 ) the average intensities of the colors \ emph { green } and \ emph {←
→ credible review detection with limited information using consistency analysis ; online reviews provide viewpoints on the strengths and shortcomings of products / services , influencing potential customers ' purchasing decisions . however , the proliferation of non - credible reviews -- either fake ( promoting / demoting an item ), incompetent ( involving irrelevant aspects ), or biased -- entails the problem of identifying credible reviews . prior works involve classifiers harnessing rich information about items / users ←
→ towards reducing the multidimensionality of olap cubes using the evolutionary algorithms and factor analysis methods ; data warehouses are structures with large amount of data collected from heterogeneous sources to be used in a decision support system . data warehouses analysis identifies hidden patterns initially unexpected which analysis requires great memory and computation cost . data reduction methods were proposed to make this analysis easier . in this paper , we present a hybrid approach based on gene ←
→ integrated perception with recurrent multi - task neural networks ; modern discriminative predictors have been shown to match natural intelligences in specific perceptual tasks in image classification , object and part detection , boundary extraction , etc . however , a major advantage that natural intelligences still have is that they work well for " all " perceptual problems together , solving them efficiently and coherently in an " integrated manner ". in order to capture some of these advantages in machine percepti ←
→ preliminary design of debris removal missions by means of simplified models for low - thrust , many - revolution transfers ; this paper presents a novel approach for the preliminary design of low - thrust , many - revolution transfers . the main feature of the novel approach is a considerable reduction in the control parameters and a consequent gain in computational speed . each spiral is built by using a predefined pattern for thrust direction and switching structure . the pattern is then optimised to minimise propel ←
→ distributed constraint problems for utilitarian agents with privacy concerns , recast as pomdps ; privacy has traditionally been a major motivation for distributed problem solving . distributed constraint satisfaction problem ( discsp ) as well as distributed constraint optimization problem ( dcop ) are fundamental models used to solve various families of distributed problems . even though several approaches have been proposed to quantify and preserve privacy in such problems , none of them is exempt from limitat ←
→ extension of three - variable counterfactual casual graphic model : from two - value to three - value random variable ; the extension of counterfactual causal graphic model with three variables of vertex set in directed acyclic graph ( dag ) is discussed in this paper by extending two - value distribution to three - value distribution of the variables involved in dag . using the conditional independence as ancillary information , 6 kinds of extension counterfactual causal graphic models with some variables are extended ←
→ exploiting low - dimensional structures to enhance dnn based acoustic modeling in speech recognition ; we propose to model the acoustic space of deep neural network ( dnn ) class - conditional posterior probabilities as a union of low - dimensional subspaces . to that end , the training posteriors are used for dictionary learning and sparse coding . sparse representation of the test posteriors using this dictionary enables projection to the space of training data . relying on the fact that the intrinsic dimensions of ←
→ do linguistic style and readability of scientific abstracts affect their virality ? ; reactions to textual content posted in an online social network show different dynamics depending on the linguistic style and readability of the submitted content . do similar dynamics exist for responses to scientific articles ? our intuition , supported by previous research , suggests that the success of a scientific article depends on its content , rather than on its linguistic style . in this article , we examine a corpus of ←
→ compilability of abduction ; abduction is one of the most important forms of reasoning ; it has been successfully applied to several practical problems such as diagnosis . in this paper we investigate whether the computational complexity of abduction can be reduced by an appropriate use of preprocessing . this is motivated by the fact that part of the data of the problem ( namely , the set of all possible assumptions and the theory relating assumptions and manifestations ) are often known before the rest of the p ←
→ interactive spoken content retrieval by deep reinforcement learning ; user - machine interaction is important for spoken content retrieval . for text content retrieval , the user can easily scan through and select on a list of retrieved item . this is impossible for spoken content retrieval , because the retrieved items are difficult to show on screen . besides , due to the high degree of uncertainty for speech recognition , the retrieval results can be very noisy . one way to counter such difficulties is through use ←
→ why are you more engaged ? predicting social engagement from word use ; we present a study to analyze how word use can predict social engagement behaviors such as replies and retweets in twitter . we compute psycholinguistic category scores from word usage , and investigate how people with different scores exhibited different reply and retweet behaviors on twitter . we also found psycholinguistic categories that show significant correlations with such social engagement behaviors . in addition , we have built pred ←
→ polysemy in controlled natural language texts ; computational semantics and logic - based controlled natural languages ( cnl ) do not address systematically the word sense disambiguation problem of content words , i . e ., they tend to interpret only some functional words that are crucial for construction of discourse representation structures . we show that micro - ontologies and multi - word units allow integration of the rich and polysemous multi - domain background knowledge into cnl thus providing interpretation for ←
→ robust face tracking using multiple appearance models and graph relational learning ; this paper addresses the problem of appearance matching across different challenges while doing visual face tracking in real - world scenarios . in this paper , facetrack is proposed that utilizes multiple appearance models with its long - term and short - term appearance memory for efficient face tracking . it demonstrates robustness to deformation , in - plane and out - of - plane rotation , scale , distractors and background clutter . i ←
→ convolutional neural networks over tree structures for programming language processing ; programming language processing ( similar to natural language processing ) is a hot research topic in the field of software engineering ; it has also aroused growing interest in the artificial intelligence community . however , different from a natural language sentence , a program contains rich , explicit , and complicated structural information . hence , traditional nlp models may be inappropriate for programs . in this paper ,←
→ integration of lidar and hyperspectral data for land - cover classification : a case study ; in this paper , an approach is proposed to fuse lidar and hyperspectral data , which considers both spectral and spatial information in a single framework . here , an extended self - dual attribute profile ( esdap ) is investigated to extract spatial information from a hyperspectral data set . to extract spectral information , a few well - known classifiers have been used such as support vector machines ( svms ), random forests ( r ←
→ a gibbs distribution that learns from ga dynamics ; a general procedure of average - case performance evaluation for population dynamics such as genetic algorithms ( gas ) is proposed and its validity is numerically examined . we introduce a learning algorithm of gibbs distributions from training sets which are gene configurations ( strings ) generated by ga in order to figure out the statistical properties of ga from the view point of thermodynamics . the learning algorithm is constructed by means of minimization ←
→ intrusion detection systems using adaptive regression splines ; past few years have witnessed a growing recognition of intelligent techniques for the construction of efficient and reliable intrusion detection systems . due to increasing incidents of cyber attacks , building effective intrusion detection systems ( ids ) are essential for protecting information systems security , and yet it remains an elusive goal and a great challenge . in this paper , we report a performance analysis between multivariate adaptive ←
→ the lambek - grishin calculus is np - complete ; the lambek - grishin calculus lg is the symmetric extension of the non - associative lambek calculus nl . in this paper we prove that the derivability problem for lg is np - complete .←
→ recursive sampling for the nyström method ; we give the first algorithm for kernel nystr \" om approximation that runs in * linear time in the number of training points * and is provably accurate for all kernel matrices , without dependence on regularity or incoherence conditions . the algorithm projects the kernel onto a set of $ s $ landmark points sampled by their * ridge leverage scores *, requiring just $ o ( ns )$ kernel evaluations and $ o ( ns ^ 2 )$ additional runtime . while leverage score sampling has long been known ←
→ towards flexible teamwork ; many ai researchers are today striving to build agent teams for complex , dynamic multi - agent domains , with intended applications in arenas such as education , training , entertainment , information integration , and collective robotics . unfortunately , uncertainties in these complex , dynamic domains obstruct coherent teamwork . in particular , team members often encounter differing , incomplete , and possibly inconsistent views of their environment . furthermore , team members can unexpecte ←
→ joint syntacto - discourse parsing and the syntacto - discourse treebank ; discourse parsing has long been treated as a stand - alone problem independent from constituency or dependency parsing . most attempts at this problem are pipelined rather than end - to - end , sophisticated , and not self - contained : they assume gold - standard text segmentations ( elementary discourse units ), and use external parsers for syntactic features . in this paper we propose the first end - to - end discourse parser that jointly parses in both s ←
→ what is the plausibility of probability ?( revised 2003 , 2015 ) ; we present and examine a result related to uncertainty reasoning , namely that a certain plausibility space of cox ' s type can be uniquely embedded in a minimal ordered field . this , although a purely mathematical result , can be claimed to imply that every rational method to reason with uncertainty must be based on sets of extended probability distributions , where extended probability is standard probability extended with infinitesimals . this cla ←
→ a fully convolutional neural network based structured prediction approach towards the retinal vessel segmentation ; automatic segmentation of retinal blood vessels from fundus images plays an important role in the computer aided diagnosis of retinal diseases . the task of blood vessel segmentation is challenging due to the extreme variations in morphology of the vessels against noisy background . in this paper , we formulate the segmentation task as a multi - label inference task and utilize the implicit advan ←
→ deep mr to ct synthesis using unpaired data ; mr - only radiotherapy treatment planning requires accurate mr - to - ct synthesis . current deep learning methods for mr - to - ct synthesis depend on pairwise aligned mr and ct training images of the same patient . however , misalignment between paired images could lead to errors in synthesized ct images . to overcome this , we propose to train a generative adversarial network ( gan ) with unpaired mr and ct images . a gan consisting of two synthesis convolutional neural networ ←
→ bootstrapping incremental dialogue systems : using linguistic knowledge to learn from minimal data ; we present a method for inducing new dialogue systems from very small amounts of unannotated dialogue data , showing how word - level exploration using reinforcement learning ( rl ), combined with an incremental and semantic grammar - dynamic syntax ( ds ) - allows systems to discover , generate , and understand many new dialogue variants . the method avoids the use of expensive and time - consuming dialogue act annota ←
→ traffic sign classification using deep inception based convolutional networks ; in this work , we propose a novel deep network for traffic sign classification that achieves outstanding performance on gtsrb surpassing all previous methods . our deep network consists of spatial transformer layers and a modified version of inception module specifically designed for capturing local and global features together . this features adoption allows our network to classify precisely intraclass samples even under deforma ←
→ orthogonal random features ; we present an intriguing discovery related to random fourier features : in gaussian kernel approximation , replacing the random gaussian matrix by a properly scaled random orthogonal matrix significantly decreases kernel approximation error . we call this technique orthogonal random features ( orf ), and provide theoretical and empirical justification for this behavior . motivated by this discovery , we further propose structured orthogonal random features ( sorf ), which uses a class of ←
→ a statistical framework for fair predictive algorithms ; predictive modeling is increasingly being employed to assist human decision - makers . one purported advantage of replacing human judgment with computer models in high stakes settings -- such as sentencing , hiring , policing , college admissions , and parole decisions -- is the perceived " neutrality " of computers . it is argued that because computer models do not hold personal prejudice , the predictions they produce will be equally free from prejudice . there i ←
→ learned spectral super - resolution ; we describe a novel method for blind , single - image spectral super - resolution . while conventional super - resolution aims to increase the spatial resolution of an input image , our goal is to spectrally enhance the input , i . e ., generate an image with the same spatial resolution , but a greatly increased number of narrow ( hyper - spectral ) wave - length bands . just like the spatial statistics of natural images has rich structure , which one can exploit as prior to predict high - frequ ←
→ a planning based framework for essay generation ; generating an article automatically with computer program is a challenging task in artificial intelligence and natural language processing . in this paper , we target at essay generation , which takes as input a topic word in mind and generates an organized article under the theme of the topic . we follow the idea of text planning \ cite { reiter1997 } and develop an essay generation framework . the framework consists of three components , including topic understandin ←
→ packnet : adding multiple tasks to a single network by iterative pruning ; this paper presents a method for adding multiple tasks to a single deep neural network while avoiding catastrophic forgetting . inspired by network pruning techniques , we exploit redundancies in large deep networks to free up parameters that can then be employed to learn new tasks . by performing iterative pruning and network re - training , we are able to sequentially " pack " multiple tasks into a single network while ensuring minimal drop ←
→ data engineering for the analysis of semiconductor manufacturing data ; we have analyzed manufacturing data from several different semiconductor manufacturing plants , using decision tree induction software called q - yield . the software generates rules for predicting when a given product should be rejected . the rules are intended to help the process engineers improve the yield of the product , by helping them to discover the causes of rejection . experience with q - yield has taught us the importance of data engi ←
→ indexing medical images based on collaborative experts reports ; a patient is often willing to quickly get , from his physician , reliable analysis and concise explanation according to provided linked medical images . the fact of making choices individually by the patient ' s physician may lead to malpractices and consequently generates unforeseeable damages . the institute of medicine of the national sciences academy ( imnas ) in usa published a study estimating that up to 98 , 000 hospital deathseach year can be att ←
→ single image super resolution via manifold approximation ; image super - resolution remains an important research topic to overcome the limitations of physical acquisition systems , and to support the development of high resolution displays . previous example - based super - resolution approaches mainly focus on analyzing the co - occurrence properties of low resolution and high - resolution patches . recently , we proposed a novel single image super - resolution approach based on linear manifold approximation of the high -←
→ commonsense knowledge enhanced embeddings for solving pronoun disambiguation problems in winograd schema challenge ; in this paper , we propose commonsense knowledge enhanced embeddings ( kee ) for solving the pronoun disambiguation problems ( pdp ). the pdp task we investigate in this paper is a complex coreference resolution task which requires the utilization of commonsense knowledge . this task is a standard first round test set in the 2016 winograd schema challenge . in this task , traditional linguistic fea ←
→ a knowledge representation meta - model for rule - based modelling of signalling networks ; the study of cellular signalling pathways and their deregulation in disease states , such as cancer , is a large and extremely complex task . indeed , these systems involve many parts and processes but are studied piecewise and their literatures and data are consequently fragmented , distributed and sometimes -- at least apparently -- inconsistent . this makes it extremely difficult to build significant explanatory models with t ←
→ voi - aware mcts ; uct , a state - of - the art algorithm for monte carlo tree search ( mcts ) in games and markov decision processes , is based on ucb1 , a sampling policy for the multi - armed bandit problem ( mab ) that minimizes the cumulative regret . however , search differs from mab in that in mcts it is usually only the final " arm pull " ( the actual move selection ) that collects a reward , rather than all " arm pulls ". in this paper , an mcts sampling policy based on value of information ( voi ) estimates of rollouts is s ←
→ degenerating families of dendrograms ; dendrograms used in data analysis are ultrametric spaces , hence objects of nonarchimedean geometry . it is known that there exist $ p $- adic representation of dendrograms . completed by a point at infinity , they can be viewed as subtrees of the bruhat - tits tree associated to the $ p $- adic projective line . the implications are that certain moduli spaces known in algebraic geometry are $ p $- adic parameter spaces of ( families of ) dendrograms , and stochastic classification can a ←
→ egocentric basketball motion planning from a single first - person image ; we present a model that uses a single first - person image to generate an egocentric basketball motion sequence in the form of a 12d camera configuration trajectory , which encodes a player ' s 3d location and 3d head orientation throughout the sequence . to do this , we first introduce a future convolutional neural network ( cnn ) that predicts an initial sequence of 12d camera configurations , aiming to capture how real players move during a o ←
→ learning to extract semantic structure from documents using multimodal fully convolutional neural network ; we present an end - to - end , multimodal , fully convolutional network for extracting semantic structures from document images . we consider document semantic structure extraction as a pixel - wise segmentation task , and propose a unified model that classifies pixels based not only on their visual appearance , as in the traditional page segmentation task , but also on the content of underlying text . moreover ,←
→ fast computation of moore - penrose inverse matrices ; many neural learning algorithms require to solve large least square systems in order to obtain synaptic weights . moore - penrose inverse matrices allow for solving such systems , even with rank deficiency , and they provide minimum - norm vectors of synaptic weights , which contribute to the regularization of the input - output mapping . it is thus of interest to develop fast and accurate algorithms for computing moore - penrose inverse matrices . in this paper , an al ←
→ cascading denoising auto - encoder as a deep directed generative model ; recent work ( bengio et al ., 2013 ) has shown howdenoising auto - encoders ( dae ) become gener - ative models as a density estimator . however , in practice , the framework suffers from a mixingproblem in the mcmc sampling process and nodirect method to estimate the test log - likelihood . we consider a directed model with an stochas - tic identity mapping ( simple corruption pro - cess ) as an inference model and a dae as agenerative model . by cascading thes ←
→ on the evaluation criterions for the active learning processes ; in many data mining applications collection of sufficiently large datasets is the most time consuming and expensive . on the other hand , industrial methods of data collection create huge databases , and make difficult direct applications of the advanced machine learning algorithms . to address the above problems , we consider active learning ( al ), which may be very efficient either for the experimental design or for the data filtering . in this pap ←
→ learning to generate posters of scientific papers ; researchers often summarize their work in the form of posters . posters provide a coherent and efficient way to convey core ideas from scientific papers . generating a good scientific poster , however , is a complex and time consuming cognitive task , since such posters need to be readable , informative , and visually aesthetic . in this paper , for the first time , we study the challenging problem of learning to generate posters from scientific papers . to this end ,←
→ redefining binarization and the visual archetype ; although binarization is considered passe , it still remains a highly popular research topic . in this paper we propose a rethinking of what binarization is . we introduce the notion of the visual archetype as the ideal form of any one document . binarization can be defined as the restoration of the visual archetype for a class of images . this definition broadens the scope of what binarization means but also suggests ground - truth should focus on the foreground .←
→ capturing divergence in dependency trees to improve syntactic projection ; obtaining syntactic parses is a crucial part of many nlp pipelines . however , most of the world ' s languages do not have large amounts of syntactically annotated corpora available for building parsers . syntactic projection techniques attempt to address this issue by using parallel corpora consisting of resource - poor and resource - rich language pairs , taking advantage of a parser for the resource - rich language and word alignment between ←
→ neurogenesis - inspired dictionary learning : online model adaption in a changing world ; in this paper , we focus on online representation learning in non - stationary environments which may require continuous adaptation of model architecture . we propose a novel online dictionary - learning ( sparse - coding ) framework which incorporates the addition and deletion of hidden units ( dictionary elements ), and is inspired by the adult neurogenesis phenomenon in the dentate gyrus of the hippocampus , known to be associate ←
→ learning states representations in pomdp ; we propose to deal with sequential processes where only partial observations are available by learning a latent representation space on which policies may be accurately learned .←
→ bit - vector model counting using statistical estimation ; approximate model counting for bit - vector smt formulas ( generalizing \# sat ) has many applications such as probabilistic inference and quantitative information - flow security , but it is computationally difficult . adding random parity constraints ( xor streamlining ) and then checking satisfiability is an effective approximation technique , but it requires a prior hypothesis about the model count to produce useful results . we propose an approach inspired by ←
→ on the detection of concept changes in time - varying data stream by testing exchangeability ; a martingale framework for concept change detection based on testing data exchangeability was recently proposed ( ho , 2005 ). in this paper , we describe the proposed change - detection test based on the doob ' s maximal inequality and show that it is an approximation of the sequential probability ratio test ( sprt ). the relationship between the threshold value used in the proposed test and its size and power is deduced f ←
→ sentiment analysis of twitter data for predicting stock market movements ; predicting stock market movements is a well - known problem of interest . now - a - days social media is perfectly representing the public sentiment and opinion about current events . especially , twitter has attracted a lot of attention from researchers for studying the public sentiments . stock market prediction on the basis of public sentiments expressed on twitter has been an intriguing field of research . previous studies have concluded th ←
→ reasoning about beliefs and actions under computational resource constraints ; although many investigators affirm a desire to build reasoning systems that behave consistently with the axiomatic basis defined by probability theory and utility theory , limited resources for engineering and computation can make a complete normative analysis impossible . we attempt to move discussion beyond the debate over the scope of problems that can be handled effectively to cases where it is clear that there are insufficie ←
→ novel algorithm to calculate hypervolume indicator of pareto approximation set ; hypervolume indicator is a commonly accepted quality measure for comparing pareto approximation set generated by multi - objective optimizers . the best known algorithm to calculate it for $ n $ points in $ d $- dimensional space has a run time of $ o ( n ^{ d / 2 })$ with special data structures . this paper presents a recursive , vertex - splitting algorithm for calculating the hypervolume indicator of a set of $ n $ non - comparable points in $ d >←
→ inferring the location of authors from words in their texts ; for the purposes of computational dialectology or other geographically bound text analysis tasks , texts must be annotated with their or their authors ' location . many texts are locatable through explicit labels but most have no explicit annotation of place . this paper describes a series of experiments to determine how positionally annotated microblog posts can be used to learn location - indicating words which then can be used to locate blog texts a ←
→ estimating the operating characteristics of ensemble methods ; in this paper we present a technique for using the bootstrap to estimate the operating characteristics and their variability for certain types of ensemble methods . bootstrapping a model can require a huge amount of work if the training data set is large . fortunately in many cases the technique lets us determine the effect of infinite resampling without actually refitting a single model . we apply the technique to the study of meta - parameter selec ←
→ machine - translation history and evolution : survey for arabic - english translations ; as a result of the rapid changes in information and communication technology ( ict ), the world has become a small village where people from all over the world connect with each other in dialogue and communication via the internet . also , communications have become a daily routine activity due to the new globalization where companies and even universities become global residing cross countries borders . as a result , translatio ←
→ data fluidity in dariah -- pushing the agenda forward ; this paper provides both an update concerning the setting up of the european dariah infrastructure and a series of strong action lines related to the development of a data centred strategy for the humanities in the coming years . in particular we tackle various aspect of data management : data hosting , the setting up of a dariah seal of approval , the establishment of a charter between cultural heritage institutions and scholars and finally a specific vie ←
→ sync - draw : automatic video generation using deep recurrent attentive architectures ; this paper introduces a novel approach for generating videos called synchronized deep recurrent attentive writer ( sync - draw ). sync - draw can also perform text - to - video generation which , to the best of our knowledge , makes it the first approach of its kind . it combines a variational autoencoder ~( vae ) with a recurrent attention mechanism in a novel manner to create a temporally dependent sequence of frames that are gradually ←
→ feed - forward approximations to dynamic recurrent network architectures ; recurrent neural network architectures can have useful computational properties , with complex temporal dynamics and input - sensitive attractor states . however , evaluation of recurrent dynamic architectures requires solution of systems of differential equations , and the number of evaluations required to determine their response to a given input can vary with the input , or can be indeterminate altogether in the case of oscillations or ins ←
→ slice sampling particle belief propagation ; inference in continuous label markov random fields is a challenging task . we use particle belief propagation ( pbp ) for solving the inference problem in continuous label space . sampling particles from the belief distribution is typically done by using metropolis - hastings markov chain monte carlo methods which involves sampling from a proposal distribution . this proposal distribution has to be carefully designed depending on the particular model and input data to a ←
→ attentive explanations : justifying decisions and pointing to the evidence ; deep models are the defacto standard in visual decision models due to their impressive performance on a wide array of visual tasks . however , they are frequently seen as opaque and are unable to explain their decisions . in contrast , humans can justify their decisions with natural language and point to the evidence in the visual world which led to their decisions . we postulate that deep models can do this as well and propose our poi ←
→ neuralnetwork based 3d surface reconstruction ; this paper proposes a novel neural - network - based adaptive hybrid - reflectance three - dimensional ( 3 - d ) surface reconstruction model . the neural network combines the diffuse and specular components into a hybrid model . the proposed model considers the characteristics of each point and the variant albedo to prevent the reconstructed surface from being distorted . the neural network inputs are the pixel values of the two - dimensional images to be reconstructed . the n ←
→ attention - based end - to - end speech recognition on voice search ; recently , there has been a growing interest in end - to - end speech recognition that directly transcribes speech to text without any predefined alignments . in this paper , we explore the use of attention - based encoder - decoder model for mandarin speech recognition on a voice search task . previous attempts have shown that applying attention - based encoder - decoder to mandarin speech recognition was quite difficult due to the logographic orthography of ←
→ similar handwritten chinese character discrimination by weakly supervised learning ; traditional approaches for handwritten chinese character recognition suffer in classifying similar characters . in this paper , we propose to discriminate similar handwritten chinese characters by using weakly supervised learning . our approach learns a discriminative svm for each similar pair which simultaneously localizes the discriminative region of similar character and makes the classification . for the first time , simil ←
→ fast and extensible online multivariate kernel density estimation ; we present xokde ++, a state - of - the - art online kernel density estimation approach that maintains gaussian mixture models input data streams . the approach follows state - of - the - art work on online density estimation , but was redesigned with computational efficiency , numerical robustness , and extensibility in mind . our approach produces comparable or better results than the current state - of - the - art , while achieving significant computational perf ←
→ deep learning reconstruction for 9 - view dual energy ct baggage scanner ; for homeland and transportation security applications , 2d x - ray explosive detection system ( eds ) have been widely used , but they have limitations in recognizing 3d shape of the hidden objects . among various types of 3d computed tomography ( ct ) systems to address this issue , this paper is interested in a stationary ct using fixed x - ray sources and detectors . however , due to the limited number of projection views , analytic reconstruction ←
→ point - wise map recovery and refinement from functional correspondence ; since their introduction in the shape analysis community , functional maps have met with considerable success due to their ability to compactly represent dense correspondences between deformable shapes , with applications ranging from shape matching and image segmentation , to exploration of large shape collections . despite the numerous advantages of such representation , however , the problem of converting a given functional map back to a p ←
→ mixed - resolution image representation and compression with convolutional neural networks ; in this paper , we propose a end - to - end mixed - resolution image compression framework with convolutional neural networks . firstly , given one input image , feature description neural network ( fdnn ) is used to generate a new representation of this image , so that this representation can be more efficiently compressed by standard coder , as compared to the input image . furthermore , we use post - processing neural network ( ppn ←
→ a note on the expected minimum error probability in equientropic channels ; while the channel capacity reflects a theoretical upper bound on the achievable information transmission rate in the limit of infinitely many bits , it does not characterise the information transfer of a given encoding routine with finitely many bits . in this note , we characterise the quality of a code ( i . e . a given encoding routine ) by an upper bound on the expected minimum error probability that can be achieved when using this c ←
→ cdvae : co - embedding deep variational auto encoder for conditional variational generation ; problems such as predicting a new shading field ( y ) for an image ( x ) are ambiguous : many very distinct solutions are good . representing this ambiguity requires building a conditional model p ( y | x ) of the prediction , conditioned on the image . such a model is difficult to train , because we do not usually have training data containing many different shadings for the same image . as a result , we need different training ex ←
→ one representation per word - does it make sense for composition ? ; in this paper , we investigate whether an a priori disambiguation of word senses is strictly necessary or whether the meaning of a word in context can be disambiguated through composition alone . we evaluate the performance of off - the - shelf single - vector and multi - sense vector models on a benchmark phrase similarity task and a novel task for word - sense discrimination . we find that single - sense vector models perform as well or better than mult ←
→ deformable shape completion with graph convolutional autoencoders ; the availability of affordable and portable depth sensors has made scanning objects and people simpler than ever . however , dealing with occlusions and missing parts is still a significant challenge . the problem of reconstructing a ( possibly non - rigidly moving ) 3d object from a single or multiple partial scans has received increasing attention in recent years . in this work , we propose a novel learning - based method for the completion of parti ←
→ learning directed acyclic graphs with penalized neighbourhood regression ; we study a family of regularized score - based estimators for learning the structure of a directed acyclic graph ( dag ) for a multivariate normal distribution from high - dimensional data with $ p \ gg n $. our main results establish support recovery guarantees and deviation bounds for a family of penalized least - squares estimators under concave regularization without assuming prior knowledge of a variable ordering . these results apply to a v ←
→ supervised adverse drug reaction signalling framework imitating bradford hill ' s causality considerations ; big longitudinal observational medical data potentially hold a wealth of information and have been recognised as potential sources for gaining new drug safety knowledge . unfortunately there are many complexities and underlying issues when analysing longitudinal observational data . due to these complexities , existing methods for large - scale detection of negative side effects using observational data a ←
→ automatic classification of variable stars in catalogs with missing data ; we present an automatic classification method for astronomical catalogs with missing data . we use bayesian networks , a probabilistic graphical model , that allows us to perform inference to pre - dict missing values given observed data and dependency relationships between variables . to learn a bayesian network from incomplete data , we use an iterative algorithm that utilises sampling methods and expectation maximization to estimate the ←
→ sparsistent estimation of time - varying discrete markov random fields ; network models have been popular for modeling and representing complex relationships and dependencies between observed variables . when data comes from a dynamic stochastic process , a single static network model cannot adequately capture transient dependencies , such as , gene regulatory dependencies throughout a developmental cycle of an organism . kolar et al ( 2010b ) proposed a method based on kernel - smoothing l1 - penalized logistic regress ←
→ recycling computed answers in rewrite systems for abduction ; in rule - based systems , goal - oriented computations correspond naturally to the possible ways that an observation may be explained . in some applications , we need to compute explanations for a series of observations with the same domain . the question whether previously computed answers can be recycled arises . a yes answer could result in substantial savings of repeated computations . for systems based on classic logic , the answer is yes . for nonmonot ←
→ arbitrary discrete sequence anomaly detection with zero boundary lstm ; we propose a simple mathematical definition and new neural architecture for finding anomalies within discrete sequence datasets . our model comprises of a modified lstm autoencoder and an array of one - class svms . the lstm takes in elements from a sequence and creates context vectors that are used to predict the probability distribution of the following element . these context vectors are then used to train an array of one - class svms . thes ←
→ r - ucb : a contextual bandit algorithm for risk - aware recommender systems ; mobile context - aware recommender systems can be naturally modelled as an exploration / exploitation trade - off ( exr / exp ) problem , where the system has to choose between maximizing its expected rewards dealing with its current knowledge ( exploitation ) and learning more about the unknown user ' s preferences to improve its knowledge ( exploration ). this problem has been addressed by the reinforcement learning community but they do not conside ←
→ an adaptive algorithm for finite stochastic partial monitoring ; we present a new anytime algorithm that achieves near - optimal regret for any instance of finite stochastic partial monitoring . in particular , the new algorithm achieves the minimax regret , within logarithmic factors , for both " easy " and " hard " problems . for easy problems , it additionally achieves logarithmic individual regret . most importantly , the algorithm is adaptive in the sense that if the opponent strategy is in an " easy region " of the s ←
→ approximate rank - detecting factorization of low - rank tensors ; we present an algorithm , arofac2 , which detects the ( cp -) rank of a degree 3 tensor and calculates its factorization into rank - one components . we provide generative conditions for the algorithm to work and demonstrate on both synthetic and real world data that arofac2 is a potentially outperforming alternative to the gold standard parafac over which it has the advantages that it can intrinsically detect the true rank , avoids spurious components , ←
→ tensor canonical correlation analysis for multi - view dimension reduction ; canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) has proven an effective tool for two - view dimension reduction due to its profound theoretical foundation and success in practical applications . in respect of multi - view learning , however , it is limited by its capability of only handling data represented by two - view features , while in many real - world applications , the number of views is frequently many more . although the ad hoc way of simultaneousl ←
→ the role of artificial intelligence technologies in crisis response ; crisis response poses many of the most difficult information technology in crisis management . it requires information and communication - intensive efforts , utilized for reducing uncertainty , calculating and comparing costs and benefits , and managing resources in a fashion beyond those regularly available to handle routine problems . in this paper , we explore the benefits of artificial intelligence technologies in crisis response . this paper ←
→ a learning - based visual saliency fusion model for high dynamic range video ( lbvs - hdr ) ; saliency prediction for standard dynamic range ( sdr ) videos has been well explored in the last decade . however , limited studies are available on high dynamic range ( hdr ) visual attention models ( vams ). considering that the characteristic of hdr content in terms of dynamic range and color gamut is quite different than those of sdr content , it is essential to identify the importance of different saliency attributes of hd ←
→ weightless : lossy weight encoding for deep neural network compression ; the large memory requirements of deep neural networks limit their deployment and adoption on many devices . model compression methods effectively reduce the memory requirements of these models , usually through applying transformations such as weight pruning or quantization . in this paper , we present a novel scheme for lossy weight encoding which complements conventional compression techniques . the encoding is based on the bloomier filter ←
→ yes - net : an effective detector based on global information ; this paper introduces a new real - time object detection approach named yes - net . it realizes the prediction of bounding boxes and class via single neural network like yolov2 and ssd , but owns more efficient and outstanding features . it combines local information with global information by adding the rnn architecture as a packed unit in cnn model to form the basic feature extractor . independent anchor boxes coming from full - dimension k - means is also ←
→ adversarial feature matching for text generation ; the generative adversarial network ( gan ) has achieved great success in generating realistic ( real - valued ) synthetic data . however , convergence issues and difficulties dealing with discrete data hinder the applicability of gan to text . we propose a framework for generating realistic text via adversarial training . we employ a long short - term memory network as generator , and a convolutional network as discriminator . instead of using the standard objective of g ←
→ onionnet : sharing features in cascaded deep classifiers ; the focus of our work is speeding up evaluation of deep neural networks in retrieval scenarios , where conventional architectures may spend too much time on negative examples . we propose to replace a monolithic network with our novel cascade of feature - sharing deep classifiers , called onionnet , where subsequent stages may add both new layers as well as new feature channels to the previous ones . importantly , intermediate feature maps are shared among c ←
→ distributed air traffic control : a human safety perspective ; the issues in air traffic control have so far been addressed with the intent to improve resource utilization and achieve an optimized solution with respect to fuel comsumption of aircrafts , efficient usage of the available airspace with minimal congestion related losses under various dynamic constraints . so the focus has almost always been more on smarter management of traffic to increase profits while human safety , though achieved in the proces ←
→ transductive zero - shot action recognition by word - vector embedding ; the number of categories for action recognition is growing rapidly and it has become increasingly hard to label sufficient training data for learning conventional models for all categories . instead of collecting ever more data and labelling them exhaustively for all categories , an attractive alternative approach is zero - shot learning " ( zsl ). to that end , in this study we construct a mapping between visual features and a semantic descriptor ←
→ convergent message passing algorithms - a unifying view ; message - passing algorithms have emerged as powerful techniques for approximate inference in graphical models . when these algorithms converge , they can be shown to find local ( or sometimes even global ) optima of variational formulations to the inference problem . but many of the most popular algorithms are not guaranteed to converge . this has lead to recent interest in convergent message - passing algorithms . in this paper , we present a unified view of c ←
→ a locally weighted fixation density - based metric for assessing the quality of visual saliency predictions ; with the increased focus on visual attention ( va ) in the last decade , a large number of computational visual saliency methods have been developed over the past few years . these models are traditionally evaluated by using performance evaluation metrics that quantify the match between predicted saliency and fixation data obtained from eye - tracking experiments on human observers . though a considerable ←
→ polish - english statistical machine translation of medical texts ; this new research explores the effects of various training methods on a polish to english statistical machine translation system for medical texts . various elements of the emea parallel text corpora from the opus project were used as the basis for training of phrase tables and language models and for development , tuning and testing of the translation system . the bleu , nist , meteor , ribes and ter metrics have been used to evaluate the effects ←
→ mathematical foundations for a compositional distributional model of meaning ; we propose a mathematical framework for a unification of the distributional theory of meaning in terms of vector space models , and a compositional theory for grammatical types , for which we rely on the algebra of pregroups , introduced by lambek . this mathematical framework enables us to compute the meaning of a well - typed sentence from the meanings of its constituents . concretely , the type reductions of pregroups are ` lifted ' t ←
→ temporal - difference networks ; we introduce a generalization of temporal - difference ( td ) learning to networks of interrelated predictions . rather than relating a single prediction to itself at a later time , as in conventional td methods , a td network relates each prediction in a set of predictions to other predictions in the set at a later time . td networks can represent and apply td learning to a much wider class of predictions than has previously been possible . using a random - walk example , we show that th ←
→ sentiment analysis of twitter data ; social networks are the main resources to gather information about people ' s opinion and sentiments towards different topics as they spend hours daily on social media and share their opinion . in this technical paper , we show the application of sentimental analysis and how to connect to twitter and run sentimental analysis queries . we run experiments on different queries from politics to humanity and show the interesting results . we realized that the neutral sentiments for ←
→ deep neural networks for survival analysis based on a multi - task framework ; survival analysis / time - to - event models are extremely useful as they can help companies predict when a customer will buy a product , churn or default on a loan , and therefore help them improve their roi . in this paper , we introduce a new method to calculate survival functions using the multi - task logistic regression ( mtlr ) model as its base and a deep learning architecture as its core . based on the concordance index ( c - index ) and b ←
→ the combination of paradoxical , uncertain , and imprecise sources of information based on dsmt and neutro - fuzzy inference ; the management and combination of uncertain , imprecise , fuzzy and even paradoxical or high conflicting sources of information has always been , and still remains today , of primal importance for the development of reliable modern information systems involving artificial reasoning . in this chapter , we present a survey of our recent theory of plausible and paradoxical reasoning , known as ←
→ recent technological advances in natural language processing and artificial intelligence ; a recent advance in computer technology has permitted scientists to implement and test algorithms that were known from quite some time ( or not ) but which were computationally expensive . two such projects are ibm ' s jeopardy as a part of its deepqa project [ 1 ] and wolfram ' s wolframalpha [ 2 ]. both these methods implement natural language processing ( another goal of ai scientists ) and try to answer questions as asked by ←
→ moodswipe : a soft keyboard that suggests messages based on user - specified emotions ; we present moodswipe , a soft keyboard that suggests text messages given the user - specified emotions utilizing the real dialog data . the aim of moodswipe is to create a convenient user interface to enjoy the technology of emotion classification and text suggestion , and at the same time to collect labeled data automatically for developing more advanced technologies . while users select the moodswipe keyboard , they can type a ←
→ stochastic structured prediction under bandit feedback ; stochastic structured prediction under bandit feedback follows a learning protocol where on each of a sequence of iterations , the learner receives an input , predicts an output structure , and receives partial feedback in form of a task loss evaluation of the predicted structure . we present applications of this learning scenario to convex and non - convex objectives for structured prediction and analyze them as stochastic first - order methods . we present a ←
→ extracting sub - exposure images from a single capture through fourier - based optical modulation ; through pixel - wise optical coding of images during exposure time , it is possible to extract sub - exposure images from a single capture . such a capability can be used for different purposes , including high - speed imaging , high - dynamic - range imaging and compressed sensing . in this paper , we demonstrate a sub - exposure image extraction method , where the exposure coding pattern is inspired from frequency division mult ←
→ effect of different distance measures on the performance of k - means algorithm : an experimental study in matlab ; k - means algorithm is a very popular clustering algorithm which is famous for its simplicity . distance measure plays a very important rule on the performance of this algorithm . we have different distance measure techniques available . but choosing a proper technique for distance calculation is totally dependent on the type of the data that we are going to cluster . in this paper an experimental st ←
→ contextual semantic parsing using crowdsourced spatial descriptions ; we describe a contextual parser for the robot commands treebank , a new crowdsourced resource . in contrast to previous semantic parsers that select the most - probable parse , we consider the different problem of parsing using additional situational context to disambiguate between different readings of a sentence . we show that multiple semantic analyses can be searched using dynamic programming via interaction with a spatial planner , to guide ←
→ bayesian and regularization approaches to multivariable linear system identification : the role of rank penalties ; recent developments in linear system identification have proposed the use of non - parameteric methods , relying on regularization strategies , to handle the so - called bias / variance trade - off . this paper introduces an impulse response estimator which relies on an $\ ell_2 $- type regularization including a rank - penalty derived using the log - det heuristic as a smooth approximation to the rank functio ←
→ deep convolutional neural networks based on semi - discrete frames ; deep convolutional neural networks have led to breakthrough results in practical feature extraction applications . the mathematical analysis of these networks was pioneered by mallat , 2012 . specifically , mallat considered so - called scattering networks based on identical semi - discrete wavelet frames in each network layer , and proved translation - invariance as well as deformation stability of the resulting feature extractor . the purpose of this ←
→ structured - based curriculum learning for end - to - end english - japanese speech translation ; sequence - to - sequence attentional - based neural network architectures have been shown to provide a powerful model for machine translation and speech recognition . recently , several works have attempted to extend the models for end - to - end speech translation task . however , the usefulness of these models were only investigated on language pairs with similar syntax and word order ( e . g ., english - french or english - spanish ). i ←
→ max - pooling loss training of long short - term memory networks for small - footprint keyword spotting ; we propose a max - pooling based loss function for training long short - term memory ( lstm ) networks for small - footprint keyword spotting ( kws ), with low cpu , memory , and latency requirements . the max - pooling loss training can be further guided by initializing with a cross - entropy loss trained network . a posterior smoothing based evaluation approach is employed to measure keyword spotting performance . our exper ←
→ museum exhibit identification challenge for domain adaptation and beyond ; in this paper , we approach an open problem of artwork identification and propose a new dataset dubbed open museum identification challenge ( open mic ). it contains photos of exhibits captured in 10 distinct exhibition spaces of several museums which showcase paintings , timepieces , sculptures , glassware , relics , science exhibits , natural history pieces , ceramics , pottery , tools and indigenous crafts . the goal of open mic is to stimulat ←
→ variable selection and task grouping for multi - task learning ; we consider multi - task learning , which simultaneously learns related prediction tasks , to improve generalization performance . we factorize a coefficient matrix as the product of two matrices based on a low - rank assumption . these matrices have sparsities to simultaneously perform variable selection and learn and overlapping group structure among the tasks . the resulting bi - convex objective function is minimized by alternating optimization where s ←
→ cover tree compressed sensing for fast mr fingerprint recovery ; we adopt data structure in the form of cover trees and iteratively apply approximate nearest neighbour ( ann ) searches for fast compressed sensing reconstruction of signals living on discrete smooth manifolds . levering on the recent stability results for the inexact iterative projected gradient ( ipg ) algorithm and by using the cover tree ' s ann searches , we decrease the projection cost of the ipg algorithm to be logarithmically growing with data ←
→ guess - and - verify heuristics for reducing uncertainties in expert classification systems ; an expert classification system having statistical information about the prior probabilities of the different classes should be able to use this knowledge to reduce the amount of additional information that it must collect , e . g ., through questions , in order to make a correct classification . this paper examines how best to use such prior information and additional information - collection opportunities to reduce uncerta ←
→ a unified approach for multi - object triangulation , tracking and camera calibration ; object triangulation , 3 - d object tracking , feature correspondence , and camera calibration are key problems for estimation from camera networks . this paper addresses these problems within a unified bayesian framework for joint multi - object tracking and sensor registration . given that using standard filtering approaches for state estimation from cameras is problematic , an alternative parametrisation is exploited , called dis ←
→ semi - supervised learning with density - ratio estimation ; in this paper , we study statistical properties of semi - supervised learning , which is considered as an important problem in the community of machine learning . in the standard supervised learning , only the labeled data is observed . the classification and regression problems are formalized as the supervised learning . in semi - supervised learning , unlabeled data is also obtained in addition to labeled data . hence , exploiting unlabeled data is important to ←
→ too far to see ? not really ! --- pedestrian detection with scale - aware localization policy ; a major bottleneck of pedestrian detection lies on the sharp performance deterioration in the presence of small - size pedestrians that are relatively far from the camera . motivated by the observation that pedestrians of disparate spatial scales exhibit distinct visual appearances , we propose in this paper an active pedestrian detector that explicitly operates over multiple - layer neuronal representations of the input ←
→ tei and lmf crosswalks ; the present paper explores various arguments in favour of making the text encoding initia - tive ( tei ) guidelines an appropriate serialisation for iso standard 24613 : 2008 ( lmf , lexi - cal mark - up framework ) . it also identifies the issues that would have to be resolved in order to reach an appropriate implementation of these ideas , in particular in terms of infor - mational coverage . we show how the customisation facilities offered by the tei guidelines can provide an adequate background ,←
→ oc16 - ce80 : a chinese - english mixlingual database and a speech recognition baseline ; we present the oc16 - ce80 chinese - english mixlingual speech database which was released as a main resource for training , development and test for the chinese - english mixlingual speech recognition ( mixasr - chen ) challenge on o - cocosda 2016 . this database consists of 80 hours of speech signals recorded from more than 1 , 400 speakers , where the utterances are in chinese but each involves one or several english words . based on t ←
→ tgsum : build tweet guided multi - document summarization dataset ; the development of summarization research has been significantly hampered by the costly acquisition of reference summaries . this paper proposes an effective way to automatically collect large scales of news - related multi - document summaries with reference to social media ' s reactions . we utilize two types of social labels in tweets , i . e ., hashtags and hyper - links . hashtags are used to cluster documents into different topic sets . also , a tweet wi ←
→ learning a neural - network - based representation for open set recognition ; open set recognition problems exist in many domains . for example in security , new malware classes emerge regularly ; therefore malware classification systems need to identify instances from unknown classes in addition to discriminating between known classes . in this paper we present a neural network based representation for addressing the open set recognition problem . in this representation instances from the same class are close to ea ←
→ cross - domain semantic parsing via paraphrasing ; existing studies on semantic parsing mainly focus on the in - domain setting . we formulate cross - domain semantic parsing as a domain adaptation problem : train a semantic parser on some source domains and then adapt it to the target domain . due to the diversity of logical forms in different domains , this problem presents unique and intriguing challenges . by converting logical forms into canonical utterances in natural language , we reduce semantic parsing to para ←
→ probabilistic reasoning via deep learning : neural association models ; in this paper , we propose a new deep learning approach , called neural association model ( nam ), for probabilistic reasoning in artificial intelligence . we propose to use neural networks to model association between any two events in a domain . neural networks take one event as input and compute a conditional probability of the other event to model how likely these two events are to be associated . the actual meaning of the conditional proba ←
→ searchqa : a new q & a dataset augmented with context from a search engine ; we publicly release a new large - scale dataset , called searchqa , for machine comprehension , or question - answering . unlike recently released datasets , such as deepmind cnn / dailymail and squad , the proposed searchqa was constructed to reflect a full pipeline of general question - answering . that is , we start not from an existing article and generate a question - answer pair , but start from an existing question - answer pair , crawled from j ! ar ←
→ deep metric learning using triplet network ; deep learning has proven itself as a successful set of models for learning useful semantic representations of data . these , however , are mostly implicitly learned as part of a classification task . in this paper we propose the triplet network model , which aims to learn useful representations by distance comparisons . a similar model was defined by wang et al . ( 2014 ), tailor made for learning a ranking for image information retrieval . here we demonstrate using variou ←
→ temporal difference models : model - free deep rl for model - based control ; model - free reinforcement learning ( rl ) is a powerful , general tool for learning complex behaviors . however , its sample efficiency is often impractically large for solving challenging real - world problems , even with off - policy algorithms such as q - learning . a limiting factor in classic model - free rl is that the learning signal consists only of scalar rewards , ignoring much of the rich information contained in state transition tuples . mod ←
→ implementing integrity constraints in an existing belief revision system ; sneps is a mature knowledge representation , reasoning , and acting system that has long contained a belief revision subsystem , called snebr . snebr is triggered when an explicit contradiction is introduced into the sneps belief space , either because of a user ' s new assertion , or because of a user ' s query . snebr then makes the user decide what belief to remove from the belief space in order to restore consistency , although it provides i ←
→ affine - invariant diffusion geometry for the analysis of deformable 3d shapes ; we introduce an ( equi -) affine invariant diffusion geometry by which surfaces that go through squeeze and shear transformations can still be properly analyzed . the definition of an affine invariant metric enables us to construct an invariant laplacian from which local and global geometric structures are extracted . applications of the proposed framework demonstrate its power in generalizing and enriching the existing set of tools ←
→ multimodal attention for neural machine translation ; the attention mechanism is an important part of the neural machine translation ( nmt ) where it was reported to produce richer source representation compared to fixed - length encoding sequence - to - sequence models . recently , the effectiveness of attention has also been explored in the context of image captioning . in this work , we assess the feasibility of a multimodal attention mechanism that simultaneously focus over an image and its natural language descrip ←
→ on detection of faint edges in noisy images ; a fundamental question for edge detection in noisy images is how faint can an edge be and still be detected . in this paper we offer a formalism to study this question and subsequently introduce computationally efficient multiscale edge detection algorithms designed to detect faint edges in noisy images . in our formalism we view edge detection as a search in a discrete , though potentially large , set of feasible curves . first , we derive approximate expressions for ←
→ a deep cascade network for unaligned face attribute classification ; humans focus attention on different face regions when recognizing face attributes . most existing face attribute classification methods use the whole image as input . moreover , some of these methods rely on fiducial landmarks to provide defined face parts . in this paper , we propose a cascade network that simultaneously learns to localize face regions specific to attributes and performs attribute classification without alignment . first , a wea ←
→ application of multi - core parallel programming to a combination of ant colony optimization and genetic algorithm ; this paper will deal with a combination of ant colony and genetic programming algorithm to optimize travelling salesmen problem ( np - hard ). however , the complexity of the algorithm requires considerable computational time and resources . parallel implementation can reduce the computational time . in this paper , emphasis in the parallelizing section is given to multi - core architecture and multi - p ←
→ applying mapp algorithm for cooperative path finding in urban environments ; the paper considers the problem of planning a set of non - conflict trajectories for the coalition of intelligent agents ( mobile robots ). two divergent approaches , e . g . centralized and decentralized , are surveyed and analyzed . decentralized planner - mapp is described and applied to the task of finding trajectories for dozens uavs performing nap - of - the - earth flight in urban environments . results of the experimental studies provide ←
→ a theoretically grounded application of dropout in recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) stand at the forefront of many recent developments in deep learning . yet a major difficulty with these models is their tendency to overfit , with dropout shown to fail when applied to recurrent layers . recent results at the intersection of bayesian modelling and deep learning offer a bayesian interpretation of common deep learning techniques such as dropout . this grounding of dropout in approxima ←
→ learning linear dynamical systems via spectral filtering ; we present an efficient and practical algorithm for the online prediction of discrete - time linear dynamical systems with a symmetric transition matrix . we circumvent the non - convex optimization problem using improper learning : carefully overparameterize the class of ldss by a polylogarithmic factor , in exchange for convexity of the loss functions . from this arises a polynomial - time algorithm with a near - optimal regret guarantee , with an analogous sa ←
→ learning what to read : focused machine reading ; recent efforts in bioinformatics have achieved tremendous progress in the machine reading of biomedical literature , and the assembly of the extracted biochemical interactions into large - scale models such as protein signaling pathways . however , batch machine reading of literature at today ' s scale ( pubmed alone indexes over 1 million papers per year ) is unfeasible due to both cost and processing overhead . in this work , we introduce a focused reading approach to ←
→ active distance - based clustering using k - medoids ; k - medoids algorithm is a partitional , centroid - based clustering algorithm which uses pairwise distances of data points and tries to directly decompose the dataset with $ n $ points into a set of $ k $ disjoint clusters . however , k - medoids itself requires all distances between data points that are not so easy to get in many applications . in this paper , we introduce a new method which requires only a small proportion of the whole set of distances and makes an eff ←
→ selective image super - resolution ; in this paper we propose a vision system that performs image super resolution ( sr ) with selectivity . conventional sr techniques , either by multi - image fusion or example - based construction , have failed to capitalize on the intrinsic structural and semantic context in the image , and performed " blind " resolution recovery to the entire image area . by comparison , we advocate example - based selective sr whereby selectivity is exemplified in three aspects : region selectivity ( sr o ←
→ slim : semi - lazy inference mechanism for plan recognition ; plan recognition algorithms require to recognize a complete hierarchy explaining the agent ' s actions and goals . while the output of such algorithms is informative to the recognizer , the cost of its calculation is high in run - time , space , and completeness . moreover , performing plan recognition online requires the observing agent to reason about future actions that have not yet been seen and maintain a set of hypotheses to support all possible options ←
→ learning neural network architectures using backpropagation ; deep neural networks with millions of parameters are at the heart of many state of the art machine learning models today . however , recent works have shown that models with much smaller number of parameters can also perform just as well . in this work , we introduce the problem of architecture - learning , i . e ; learning the architecture of a neural network along with weights . we introduce a new trainable parameter called tri - state relu , which helps in ←
→ sufficient component analysis for supervised dimension reduction ; the purpose of sufficient dimension reduction ( sdr ) is to find the low - dimensional subspace of input features that is sufficient for predicting output values . in this paper , we propose a novel distribution - free sdr method called sufficient component analysis ( sca ), which is computationally more efficient than existing methods . in our method , a solution is computed by iteratively performing dependence estimation and maximization : dependence e ←
→ improving agreement and disagreement identification in online discussions with a socially - tuned sentiment lexicon ; we study the problem of agreement and disagreement detection in online discussions . an isotonic conditional random fields ( isotonic crf ) based sequential model is proposed to make predictions on sentence - or segment - level . we automatically construct a socially - tuned lexicon that is bootstrapped from existing general - purpose sentiment lexicons to further improve the performance . we evaluate o ←
→ improving information extraction by acquiring external evidence with reinforcement learning ; most successful information extraction systems operate with access to a large collection of documents . in this work , we explore the task of acquiring and incorporating external evidence to improve extraction accuracy in domains where the amount of training data is scarce . this process entails issuing search queries , extraction from new sources and reconciliation of extracted values , which are repeated until suffi ←
→ the surprising creativity of digital evolution : a collection of anecdotes from the evolutionary computation and artificial life research communities ; biological evolution provides a creative fount of complex and subtle adaptations , often surprising the scientists who discover them . however , because evolution is an algorithmic process that transcends the substrate in which it occurs , evolution ' s creativity is not limited to nature . indeed , many researchers in the field of digital evolution have observed ←
→ supervised learning of logical operations in layered spiking neural networks with spike train encoding ; few algorithms for supervised training of spiking neural networks exist that can deal with patterns of multiple spikes , and their computational properties are largely unexplored . we demonstrate in a set of simulations that the resume learning algorithm can be successfully applied to layered neural networks . input and output patterns are encoded as spike trains of multiple precisely timed spikes , and th ←
→ sla establishment with guaranteed qos in the interdomain network : a stock model ; the new model that we present in this paper is introduced in the context of guaranteed qos and resources management in the inter - domain routing framework . this model , called the stock model , is based on a reverse cascade approach and is applied in a distributed context . so transit providers have to learn the right capacities to buy and to stock and , therefore learning theory is applied through an iterative process . we show t ←
→ settling the polynomial learnability of mixtures of gaussians ; given data drawn from a mixture of multivariate gaussians , a basic problem is to accurately estimate the mixture parameters . we give an algorithm for this problem that has a running time , and data requirement polynomial in the dimension and the inverse of the desired accuracy , with provably minimal assumptions on the gaussians . as simple consequences of our learning algorithm , we can perform near - optimal clustering of the sample points and dens ←
→ using hankel matrices for dynamics - based facial emotion recognition and pain detection ; this paper proposes a new approach to model the temporal dynamics of a sequence of facial expressions . to this purpose , a sequence of face image descriptors ( fid ) is regarded as the output of a linear time invariant ( lti ) system . the temporal dynamics of such sequence of descriptors are represented by means of a hankel matrix . the paper presents different strategies to compute dynamics - based representation of a sequen ←
→ a generalized loop correction method for approximate inference in graphical models ; belief propagation ( bp ) is one of the most popular methods for inference in probabilistic graphical models . bp is guaranteed to return the correct answer for tree structures , but can be incorrect or non - convergent for loopy graphical models . recently , several new approximate inference algorithms based on cavity distribution have been proposed . these methods can account for the effect of loops by incorporating the dependen ←
→ using human brain activity to guide machine learning ; machine learning is a field of computer science that builds algorithms that learn . in many cases , machine learning algorithms are used to recreate a human ability like adding a caption to a photo , driving a car , or playing a game . while the human brain has long served as a source of inspiration for machine learning , little effort has been made to directly use data collected from working brains as a guide for machine learning algorithms . here we demonstr ←
→ an efficient dual approach to distance metric learning ; distance metric learning is of fundamental interest in machine learning because the distance metric employed can significantly affect the performance of many learning methods . quadratic mahalanobis metric learning is a popular approach to the problem , but typically requires solving a semidefinite programming ( sdp ) problem , which is computationally expensive . standard interior - point sdp solvers typically have a complexity of $ o ( d ^{ 6 . 5 })$ ( with $ d $ the ←
→ ideological sublations : resolution of dialectic in population - based optimization ; a population - based optimization algorithm was designed , inspired by two main thinking modes in philosophy , both based on dialectic concept and thesis - antithesis paradigm . they impose two different kinds of dialectics . idealistic and materialistic antitheses are formulated as optimization models . based on the models , the population is coordinated for dialectical interactions . at the population - based context , the formulated o ←
→ attention - based multimodal fusion for video description ; currently successful methods for video description are based on encoder - decoder sentence generation using recur - rent neural networks ( rnns ). recent work has shown the advantage of integrating temporal and / or spatial attention mechanisms into these models , in which the decoder net - work predicts each word in the description by selectively giving more weight to encoded features from specific time frames ( temporal attention ) or to features from specific ←
→ the generalized universal law of generalization ; it has been argued by shepard that there is a robust psychological law that relates the distance between a pair of items in psychological space and the probability that they will be confused with each other . specifically , the probability of confusion is a negative exponential function of the distance between the pair of items . in experimental contexts , distance is typically defined in terms of a multidimensional euclidean space - but this assumption seems unli ←
→ material recognition cnns and hierarchical planning for biped robot locomotion on slippery terrain ; in this paper we tackle the problem of visually predicting surface friction for environments with diverse surfaces , and integrating this knowledge into biped robot locomotion planning . the problem is essential for autonomous robot locomotion since diverse surfaces with varying friction abound in the real world , from wood to ceramic tiles , grass or ice , which may cause difficulties or huge energy costs for ←
→ deep learning algorithm for data - driven simulation of noisy dynamical system ; we present a deep learning model , de - lstm , for the simulation of a stochastic process with underlying nonlinear dynamics . the deep learning model aims to approximate the probability density function of a stochastic process via numerical discretization and the underlying nonlinear dynamics is modeled by the long short - term memory ( lstm ) network . after the numerical discretization by a softmax function , the function estimation pr ←
→ online control of the false discovery rate with decaying memory ; in the online multiple testing problem , p - values corresponding to different null hypotheses are observed one by one , and the decision of whether or not to reject the current hypothesis must be made immediately , after which the next p - value is observed . alpha - investing algorithms to control the false discovery rate ( fdr ), formulated by foster and stine , have been generalized and applied to many settings , including quality - preserving databases ←
→ variational methods for normal integration ; the need for an efficient method of integration of a dense normal field is inspired by several computer vision tasks , such as shape - from - shading , photometric stereo , deflectometry , etc . inspired by edge - preserving methods from image processing , we study in this paper several variational approaches for normal integration , with a focus on non - rectangular domains , free boundary and depth discontinuities . we first introduce a new discretization for quadratic integrat ←
→ can clustering scale sublinearly with its clusters ? a variational em acceleration of gmms and $ k $- means ; one iteration of $ k $- means or em for gaussian mixture models ( gmms ) scales linearly with the number of data points $ n $, the number of clusters $ c $, and the data dimensionality $ d $. in this study , we explore whether one iteration of $ k $- means or em for gmms can scale sublinearly with $ c $ at run - time , while the increase of the clustering objective remains effective . the tool we apply for complexity redu ←
→ constrained bayesian inference for low rank multitask learning ; we present a novel approach for constrained bayesian inference . unlike current methods , our approach does not require convexity of the constraint set . we reduce the constrained variational inference to a parametric optimization over the feasible set of densities and propose a general recipe for such problems . we apply the proposed constrained bayesian inference approach to multitask learning subject to rank constraints on the weight matrix . fu ←
→ atomic convolutional networks for predicting protein - ligand binding affinity ; empirical scoring functions based on either molecular force fields or cheminformatics descriptors are widely used , in conjunction with molecular docking , during the early stages of drug discovery to predict potency and binding affinity of a drug - like molecule to a given target . these models require expert - level knowledge of physical chemistry and biology to be encoded as hand - tuned parameters or features rather than allowing th ←
→ a bayesian model for plan recognition in rts games applied to starcraft ; the task of keyhole ( unobtrusive ) plan recognition is central to adaptive game ai . " tech trees " or " build trees " are the core of real - time strategy ( rts ) game strategic ( long term ) planning . this paper presents a generic and simple bayesian model for rts build tree prediction from noisy observations , which parameters are learned from replays ( game logs ). this unsupervised machine learning approach involves minimal work for the game de ←
→ when learners surpass their sources : mathematical modeling of learning from an inconsistent source ; we present a new algorithm to model and investigate the learning process of a learner mastering a set of grammatical rules from an inconsistent source . the compelling interest of human language acquisition is that the learning succeeds in virtually every case , despite the fact that the input data are formally inadequate to explain the success of learning . our model explains how a learner can successfully l ←
→ activized learning : transforming passive to active with improved label complexity ; we study the theoretical advantages of active learning over passive learning . specifically , we prove that , in noise - free classifier learning for vc classes , any passive learning algorithm can be transformed into an active learning algorithm with asymptotically strictly superior label complexity for all nontrivial target functions and distributions . we further provide a general characterization of the magnitudes of these im ←
→ matrix product state for higher - order tensor compression and classification ; this paper introduces matrix product state ( mps ) decomposition as a new and systematic method to compress multidimensional data represented by higher - order tensors . it solves two major bottlenecks in tensor compression : computation and compression quality . regardless of tensor order , mps compresses tensors to matrices of moderate dimension which can be used for classification . mainly based on a successive sequence of singular va ←
→ variational information maximisation for intrinsically motivated reinforcement learning ; the mutual information is a core statistical quantity that has applications in all areas of machine learning , whether this is in training of density models over multiple data modalities , in maximising the efficiency of noisy transmission channels , or when learning behaviour policies for exploration by artificial agents . most learning algorithms that involve optimisation of the mutual information rely on the blahut - ar ←
→ feature grouping from spatially constrained multiplicative interaction ; we present a feature learning model that learns to encode relationships between images . the model is defined as a gated boltzmann machine , which is constrained such that hidden units that are nearby in space can gate each other ' s connections . we show how frequency / orientation " columns " as well as topographic filter maps follow naturally from training the model on image pairs . the model also helps explain why square - pooling models yield ←
→ learning deep nbnn representations for robust place categorization ; this paper presents an approach for semantic place categorization using data obtained from rgb cameras . previous studies on visual place recognition and classification have shown that , by considering features derived from pre - trained convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) in combination with part - based classification models , high recognition accuracy can be achieved , even in presence of occlusions and severe viewpoint changes . inspired by th ←
→ ordered landmarks in planning ; many known planning tasks have inherent constraints concerning the best order in which to achieve the goals . a number of research efforts have been made to detect such constraints and to use them for guiding search , in the hope of speeding up the planning process . we go beyond the previous approaches by considering ordering constraints not only over the ( top - level ) goals , but also over the sub - goals that will necessarily arise during planning . landmarks are facts that must be ←
→ fully convolutional neural networks for dynamic object detection in grid maps ; grid maps are widely used in robotics to represent obstacles in the environment and differentiating dynamic objects from static infrastructure is essential for many practical applications . in this work , we present a methods that uses a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to infer whether grid cells are covering a moving object or not . compared to tracking approaches , that use e . g . a particle filter to estimate grid cell ve ←
→ in - situ multi - scattering tomography ; to recover the three dimensional ( 3d ) volumetric distribution of matter in an object , images of the object are captured from multiple directions and locations . using these images tomographic computations extract the distribution . in highly scattering media and constrained , natural irradiance , tomography must explicitly account for off - axis scattering . furthermore , the tomographic model and recovery must function when imaging is done in - situ , as occurs in medical imaging ←
→ exploring bayesian models for multi - level clustering of hierarchically grouped sequential data ; a wide range of bayesian models have been proposed for data that is divided hierarchically into groups . these models aim to cluster the data at different levels of grouping , by assigning a mixture component to each datapoint , and a mixture distribution to each group . multi - level clustering is facilitated by the sharing of these components and distributions by the groups . in this paper , we introduce the concept ←
→ segment - based methods for facial attribute detection from partial faces ; state - of - the - art methods of attribute detection from faces almost always assume the presence of a full , unoccluded face . hence , their performance degrades for partially visible and occluded faces . in this paper , we introduce splitface , a deep convolutional neural network - based method that is explicitly designed to perform attribute detection in partially occluded faces . taking several facial segments and the full face as input , the pr ←
→ a novel two - staged decision support based threat evaluation and weapon assignment algorithm , asset - based dynamic weapon scheduling using artificial intelligence techinques ; surveillance control and reporting ( scr ) system for air threats play an important role in the defense of a country . scr system corresponds to air and ground situation management / processing along with information fusion , communication , coordination , simulation and other critical defense oriented tasks . threat evaluation and weapon as ←
→ a high - performance hog extractor on fpga ; pedestrian detection is one of the key problems in emerging self - driving car industry . and hog algorithm has proven to provide good accuracy for pedestrian detection . there are plenty of research works have been done in accelerating hog algorithm on fpga because of its low - power and high - throughput characteristics . in this paper , we present a high - performance hog architecture for pedestrian detection on a low - cost fpga platform . it achieves a maximum throughput of ←
→ the geodesic distance between $\ mathcal { g } _i ^ 0 $ models and its application to region discrimination ; the $\ mathcal { g } _i ^ 0 $ distribution is able to characterize different regions in monopolarized sar imagery . it is indexed by three parameters : the number of looks ( which can be estimated in the whole image ), a scale parameter and a texture parameter . this paper presents a new proposal for feature extraction and region discrimination in sar imagery , using the geodesic distance as a measure of dissimilarity ←
→ proceedings of the workshop on brain analysis using connectivity networks - bacon 2016 ; understanding brain connectivity in a network - theoretic context has shown much promise in recent years . this type of analysis identifies brain organisational principles , bringing a new perspective to neuroscience . at the same time , large public databases of connectomic data are now available . however , connectome analysis is still an emerging field and there is a crucial need for robust computational methods to fully u ←
→ applying system combination to base noun phrase identification ; we use seven machine learning algorithms for one task : identifying base noun phrases . the results have been processed by different system combination methods and all of these outperformed the best individual result . we have applied the seven learners with the best combinator , a majority vote of the top five systems , to a standard data set and managed to improve the best published result for this data set .←
→ efficient gan - based anomaly detection ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are able to model the complex highdimensional distributions of real - world data , which suggests they could be effective for anomaly detection . however , few works have explored the use of gans for the anomaly detection task . we leverage recently developed gan models for anomaly detection , and achieve state - of - the - art performance on image and network intrusion datasets , while being several hundred - fold faster at test time than the o ←
→ decision - theoretic planning : structural assumptions and computational leverage ; planning under uncertainty is a central problem in the study of automated sequential decision making , and has been addressed by researchers in many different fields , including ai planning , decision analysis , operations research , control theory and economics . while the assumptions and perspectives adopted in these areas often differ in substantial ways , many planning problems of interest to researchers in these fields can be m ←
→ sample compression schemes for vc classes ; sample compression schemes were defined by littlestone and warmuth ( 1986 ) as an abstraction of the structure underlying many learning algorithms . roughly speaking , a sample compression scheme of size $ k $ means that given an arbitrary list of labeled examples , one can retain only $ k $ of them in a way that allows to recover the labels of all other examples in the list . they showed that compression implies pac learnability for binary - labeled classes , and asked whethe ←
→ forecasting popularity of videos using social media ; this paper presents a systematic online prediction method ( social - forecast ) that is capable to accurately forecast the popularity of videos promoted by social media . social - forecast explicitly considers the dynamically changing and evolving propagation patterns of videos in social media when making popularity forecasts , thereby being situation and context aware . social - forecast aims to maximize the forecast reward , which is defined as a tradeoff between ←
→ predicting performance during tutoring with models of recent performance ; in educational technology and learning sciences , there are multiple uses for a predictive model of whether a student will perform a task correctly or not . for example , an intelligent tutoring system may use such a model to estimate whether or not a student has mastered a skill . we analyze the significance of data recency in making such predictions , i . e ., asking whether relatively more recent observations of a student ' s performance ma ←
→ variational image segmentation model coupled with image restoration achievements ; image segmentation and image restoration are two important topics in image processing with great achievements . in this paper , we propose a new multiphase segmentation model by combining image restoration and image segmentation models . utilizing image restoration aspects , the proposed segmentation model can effectively and robustly tackle high noisy images , blurry images , images with missing pixels , and vector - valued images .←
→ demystifying fixed k - nearest neighbor information estimators ; estimating mutual information from i . i . d . samples drawn from an unknown joint density function is a basic statistical problem of broad interest with multitudinous applications . the most popular estimator is one proposed by kraskov and st \" ogbauer and grassberger ( ksg ) in 2004 , and is nonparametric and based on the distances of each sample to its $ k ^{\ rm th }$ nearest neighboring sample , where $ k $ is a fixed small integer . despite its widespread u ←
→ fully convolutional instance - aware semantic segmentation ; we present the first fully convolutional end - to - end solution for instance - aware semantic segmentation task . it inherits all the merits of fcns for semantic segmentation and instance mask proposal . it performs instance mask prediction and classification jointly . the underlying convolutional representation is fully shared between the two sub - tasks , as well as between all regions of interest . the proposed network is highly integrated and achieves state ←
→ inference in probabilistic logic programs using lifted explanations ; in this paper , we consider the problem of lifted inference in the context of prism - like probabilistic logic programming languages . traditional inference in such languages involves the construction of an explanation graph for the query and computing probabilities over this graph . when evaluating queries over probabilistic logic programs with a large number of instances of random variables , traditional methods treat each instance separately ←
→ tensor - based nonlinear classifier for high - order data analysis ; in this paper we propose a tensor - based nonlinear model for high - order data classification . the advantages of the proposed scheme are that ( i ) it significantly reduces the number of weight parameters , and hence of required training samples , and ( ii ) it retains the spatial structure of the input samples . the proposed model , called \ textit { rank }- 1 fnn , is based on a modification of a feedforward neural network ( fnn ), such that its weights satisf ←
→ learning local feature aggregation functions with backpropagation ; this paper introduces a family of local feature aggregation functions and a novel method to estimate their parameters , such that they generate optimal representations for classification ( or any task that can be expressed as a cost function minimization problem ). to achieve that , we compose the local feature aggregation function with the classifier cost function and we backpropagate the gradient of this cost function in order to update the l ←
→ a general distributed dual coordinate optimization framework for regularized loss minimization ; in modern large - scale machine learning applications , the training data are often partitioned and stored on multiple machines . it is customary to employ the " data parallelism " approach , where the aggregated training loss is minimized without moving data across machines . in this paper , we introduce a novel distributed dual formulation for regularized loss minimization problems that can directly handle data paral ←
→ wide residual networks ; deep residual networks were shown to be able to scale up to thousands of layers and still have improving performance . however , each fraction of a percent of improved accuracy costs nearly doubling the number of layers , and so training very deep residual networks has a problem of diminishing feature reuse , which makes these networks very slow to train . to tackle these problems , in this paper we conduct a detailed experimental study on the architecture of resnet blocks , based on which ←
→ graphic symbol recognition using graph based signature and bayesian network classifier ; we present a new approach for recognition of complex graphic symbols in technical documents . graphic symbol recognition is a well known challenge in the field of document image analysis and is at heart of most graphic recognition systems . our method uses structural approach for symbol representation and statistical classifier for symbol recognition . in our system we represent symbols by their graph based signatures : a ←
→ improving exploration in evolution strategies for deep reinforcement learning via a population of novelty - seeking agents ; evolution strategies ( es ) are a family of black - box optimization algorithms able to train deep neural networks roughly as well as q - learning and policy gradient methods on challenging deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) problems , but are much faster ( e . g . hours vs . days ) because they parallelize better . however , many rl problems require directed exploration because they have reward funct ←
→ advances in very deep convolutional neural networks for lvcsr ; very deep cnns with small 3x3 kernels have recently been shown to achieve very strong performance as acoustic models in hybrid nn - hmm speech recognition systems . in this paper we investigate how to efficiently scale these models to larger datasets . specifically , we address the design choice of pooling and padding along the time dimension which renders convolutional evaluation of sequences highly inefficient . we propose a new cnn design without ←
→ imperfect match : pddl 2 . 1 and real applications ; pddl was originally conceived and constructed as a lingua franca for the international planning competition . pddl2 . 1 embodies a set of extensions intended to support the expression of something closer to real planning problems . this objective has only been partially achieved , due in large part to a deliberate focus on not moving too far from classical planning models and solution methods .←
→ density estimation for geolocation via convolutional mixture density network ; nowadays , geographic information related to twitter is crucially important for fine - grained applications . however , the amount of geographic information avail - able on twitter is low , which makes the pursuit of many applications challenging . under such circumstances , estimating the location of a tweet is an important goal of the study . unlike most previous studies that estimate the pre - defined district as the classification task ←
→ large - margin determinantal point processes ; determinantal point processes ( dpps ) offer a powerful approach to modeling diversity in many applications where the goal is to select a diverse subset . we study the problem of learning the parameters ( the kernel matrix ) of a dpp from labeled training data . we make two contributions . first , we show how to reparameterize a dpp ' s kernel matrix with multiple kernel functions , thus enhancing modeling flexibility . second , we propose a novel parameter estimation techniq ←
→ time - series classification through histograms of symbolic polynomials ; time - series classification has attracted considerable research attention due to the various domains where time - series data are observed , ranging from medicine to econometrics . traditionally , the focus of time - series classification has been on short time - series data composed of a unique pattern with intraclass pattern distortions and variations , while recently there have been attempts to focus on longer series composed of various local p ←
→ mining local gazetteers of literary chinese with crf and pattern based methods for biographical information in chinese history ; person names and location names are essential building blocks for identifying events and social networks in historical documents that were written in literary chinese . we take the lead to explore the research on algorithmically recognizing named entities in literary chinese for historical studies with language - model based and conditional - random - field based methods , and extend ou ←
→ incremental learning - to - learn with statistical guarantees ; in learning - to - learn the goal is to infer a learning algorithm that works well on a class of tasks sampled from an unknown meta distribution . in contrast to previous work on batch learning - to - learn , we consider a scenario where tasks are presented sequentially and the algorithm needs to adapt incrementally to improve its performance on future tasks . key to this setting is for the algorithm to rapidly incorporate new observations into the model as t ←
→ spectral networks and locally connected networks on graphs ; convolutional neural networks are extremely efficient architectures in image and audio recognition tasks , thanks to their ability to exploit the local translational invariance of signal classes over their domain . in this paper we consider possible generalizations of cnns to signals defined on more general domains without the action of a translation group . in particular , we propose two constructions , one based upon a hierarchical clustering of the ←
→ on unifying multi - view self - representations for clustering by tensor multi - rank minimization ; in this paper , we address the multi - view subspace clustering problem . our method utilizes the circulant algebra for tensor , which is constructed by stacking the subspace representation matrices of different views and then rotating , to capture the low rank tensor subspace so that the refinement of the view - specific subspaces can be achieved , as well as the high order correlations underlying multi - view data can be ←
→ uavs using bayesian optimization to locate wifi devices ; we address the problem of localizing non - collaborative wifi devices in a large region . our main motive is to localize humans by localizing their wifi devices , e . g . during search - and - rescue operations after a natural disaster . we use an active sensing approach that relies on unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ) to collect signal - strength measurements at informative locations . the problem is challenging since the measurement is received at arbitrary times a ←
→ dc approximation approaches for sparse optimization ; sparse optimization refers to an optimization problem involving the zero - norm in objective or constraints . in this paper , nonconvex approximation approaches for sparse optimization have been studied with a unifying point of view in dc ( difference of convex functions ) programming framework . considering a common dc approximation of the zero - norm including all standard sparse inducing penalty functions , we studied the consistency between global minimums ( re ←
→ object discovery via cohesion measurement ; color and intensity are two important components in an image . usually , groups of image pixels , which are similar in color or intensity , are an informative representation for an object . they are therefore particularly suitable for computer vision tasks , such as saliency detection and object proposal generation . however , image pixels , which share a similar real - world color , may be quite different since colors are often distorted by intensity . in this paper , we reinv ←
→ opinion polarity identification through adjectives ; " what other people think " has always been an important piece of information during various decision - making processes . today people frequently make their opinions available via the internet , and as a result , the web has become an excellent source for gathering consumer opinions . there are now numerous web resources containing such opinions , e . g ., product reviews forums , discussion groups , and blogs . but , due to the large amount of information and the wide ←
→ distributed user profiling via spectral methods ; user profiling is a useful primitive for constructing personalised services , such as content recommendation . in the present paper we investigate the feasibility of user profiling in a distributed setting , with no central authority and only local information exchanges between users . we compute a profile vector for each user ( i . e ., a low - dimensional vector that characterises her taste ) via spectral transformation of observed user - produced ratings for items . ou ←
→ learning expressionlets via universal manifold model for dynamic facial expression recognition ; facial expression is temporally dynamic event which can be decomposed into a set of muscle motions occurring in different facial regions over various time intervals . for dynamic expression recognition , two key issues , temporal alignment and semantics - aware dynamic representation , must be taken into account . in this paper , we attempt to solve both problems via manifold modeling of videos based on a novel mid - le ←
→ slice sampling for probabilistic programming ; we introduce the first , general purpose , slice sampling inference engine for probabilistic programs . this engine is released as part of stocpy , a new turing - complete probabilistic programming language , available as a python library . we present a transdimensional generalisation of slice sampling which is necessary for the inference engine to work on traces with different numbers of random variables . we show that stocpy compares favourably to other ppls in terms ←
→ planning through stochastic local search and temporal action graphs in lpg ; we present some techniques for planning in domains specified with the recent standard language pddl2 . 1 , supporting ' durative actions ' and numerical quantities . these techniques are implemented in lpg , a domain - independent planner that took part in the 3rd international planning competition ( ipc ). lpg is an incremental , any time system producing multi - criteria quality plans . the core of the system is based on a stochastic local se ←
→ robust multi - cellular developmental design ; this paper introduces a continuous model for multi - cellular developmental design . the cells are fixed on a 2d grid and exchange " chemicals " with their neighbors during the growth process . the quantity of chemicals that a cell produces , as well as the differentiation value of the cell in the phenotype , are controlled by a neural network ( the genotype ) that takes as inputs the chemicals produced by the neighboring cells at the previous time step . in the proposed mo ←
→ self - critical sequence training for image captioning ; recently it has been shown that policy - gradient methods for reinforcement learning can be utilized to train deep end - to - end systems directly on non - differentiable metrics for the task at hand . in this paper we consider the problem of optimizing image captioning systems using reinforcement learning , and show that by carefully optimizing our systems using the test metrics of the mscoco task , significant gains in performance can be realized . our systems ar ←
→ a ga based approach for selection of local features for recognition of handwritten bangla numerals ; soft computing approaches are mainly designed to address the real world ill - defined , imprecisely formulated problems , combining different kind of novel models of computation , such as neural networks , genetic algorithms ( gas . handwritten digit recognition is a typical example of one such problem . in the current work we have developed a two - pass approach where the first pass classifier performs a coarse clas ←
→ an end - to - end goal - oriented dialog system with a generative natural language response generation ; recently advancements in deep learning allowed the development of end - to - end trained goal - oriented dialog systems . although these systems already achieve good performance , some simplifications limit their usage in real - life scenarios . in this work , we address two of these limitations : ignoring positional information and a fixed number of possible response candidates . we propose to use positional encodings ←
→ ais - maca - z : maca based clonal classifier for splicing site , protein coding and promoter region identification in eukaryotes ; bioinformatics incorporates information regarding biological data storage , accessing mechanisms and presentation of characteristics within this data . most of the problems in bioinformatics and be addressed efficiently by computer techniques . this paper aims at building a classifier based on multiple attractor cellular automata ( maca ) which uses fuzzy logic with version z to predic ←
→ 3d visual perception for self - driving cars using a multi - camera system : calibration , mapping , localization , and obstacle detection ; cameras are a crucial exteroceptive sensor for self - driving cars as they are low - cost and small , provide appearance information about the environment , and work in various weather conditions . they can be used for multiple purposes such as visual navigation and obstacle detection . we can use a surround multi - camera system to cover the full 360 - degree field - of - view around the c ←
→ scalable log determinants for gaussian process kernel learning ; for applications as varied as bayesian neural networks , determinantal point processes , elliptical graphical models , and kernel learning for gaussian processes ( gps ), one must compute a log determinant of an $ n \ times n $ positive definite matrix , and its derivatives - leading to prohibitive $\ mathcal { o }( n ^ 3 )$ computations . we propose novel $\ mathcal { o }( n )$ approaches to estimating these quantities from only fast matrix vector multiplications ( m ←
→ interpretable semantic textual similarity : finding and explaining differences between sentences ; user acceptance of artificial intelligence agents might depend on their ability to explain their reasoning , which requires adding an interpretability layer that fa - cilitates users to understand their behavior . this paper focuses on adding an in - terpretable layer on top of semantic textual similarity ( sts ), which measures the degree of semantic equivalence between two sentences . the interpretability layer is ←
→ stability and fluctuations in a simple model of phonetic category change ; in spoken languages , speakers divide up the space of phonetic possibilities into different regions , corresponding to different phonemes . we consider a simple exemplar model of how this division of phonetic space varies over time among a population of language users . in the particular model we consider , we show that , once the system is initialized with a given set of phonemes , that phonemes do not become extinct : all phonemes will be ←
→ r3mc : a riemannian three - factor algorithm for low - rank matrix completion ; we exploit the versatile framework of riemannian optimization on quotient manifolds to develop r3mc , a nonlinear conjugate - gradient method for low - rank matrix completion . the underlying search space of fixed - rank matrices is endowed with a novel riemannian metric that is tailored to the least - squares cost . numerical comparisons suggest that r3mc robustly outperforms state - of - the - art algorithms across different problem instances , espe ←
→ responsible autonomy ; as intelligent systems are increasingly making decisions that directly affect society , perhaps the most important upcoming research direction in ai is to rethink the ethical implications of their actions . means are needed to integrate moral , societal and legal values with technological developments in ai , both during the design process as well as part of the deliberation algorithms employed by these systems . in this paper , we describe leading ethics theories and propose alternative wa ←
→ visual dynamics : probabilistic future frame synthesis via cross convolutional networks ; we study the problem of synthesizing a number of likely future frames from a single input image . in contrast to traditional methods , which have tackled this problem in a deterministic or non - parametric way , we propose a novel approach that models future frames in a probabilistic manner . our probabilistic model makes it possible for us to sample and synthesize many possible future frames from a single input image . futu ←
→ recurrent online clustering as a spatio - temporal feature extractor in destin ; this paper presents a basic enhancement to the destin deep learning architecture by replacing the explicitly calculated transition tables that are used to capture temporal features with a simpler , more scalable mechanism . this mechanism uses feedback of state information to cluster over a space comprised of both the spatial input and the current state . the resulting architecture achieves state - of - the - art results on the mnist cl ←
→ predicting visual features from text for image and video caption retrieval ; this paper strives to find amidst a set of sentences the one best describing the content of a given image or video . different from existing works , which rely on a joint subspace for their image and video caption retrieval , we propose to do so in a visual space exclusively . apart from this conceptual novelty , we contribute \ emph { word2visualvec }, a deep neural network architecture that learns to predict a visual feature representat ←
→ proteomics analysis of flt3 - itd mutation in acute myeloid leukemia using deep learning neural network ; deep learning can significantly benefit cancer proteomics and genomics . in this study , we attempt to determine a set of critical proteins that are associated with the flt3 - itd mutation in newly - diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia patients . a deep learning network consisting of autoencoders forming a hierarchical model from which high - level features are extracted without labeled training data . dimensional r ←
→ statistical limits of convex relaxations ; many high dimensional sparse learning problems are formulated as nonconvex optimization . a popular approach to solve these nonconvex optimization problems is through convex relaxations such as linear and semidefinite programming . in this paper , we study the statistical limits of convex relaxations . particularly , we consider two problems : mean estimation for sparse principal submatrix and edge probability estimation for stochastic block model . we exploit the sum - of -←
→ pulsar candidate identification with artificial intelligence techniques ; discovering pulsars is a significant and meaningful research topic in the field of radio astronomy . with the advent of astronomical instruments such as he five - hundred - meter aperture spherical telescope ( fast ) in china , data volumes and data rates are exponentially growing . this fact necessitates a focus on artificial intelligence ( ai ) technologies that can perform the automatic pulsar candidate identification to mine large astronomic ←
→ a backward pass through a cnn using a generative model of its activations ; neural networks have shown to be a practical way of building a very complex mapping between a pre - specified input space and output space . for example , a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) mapping an image into one of a thousand object labels is approaching human performance in this particular task . however the mapping ( neural network ) does not automatically lend itself to other forms of queries , for example , to detect / reconstruct ←
→ agent - based decision support system to prevent and manage risk situations ; the topic of risk prevention and emergency response has become a key social and political concern . one approach to address this challenge is to develop decision support systems ( dss ) that can help emergency planners and responders to detect emergencies , as well as to suggest possible course of actions to deal with the emergency . our research work comes in this framework and aims to develop a dss that must be generic as much as pos ←
→ collaborative descriptors : convolutional maps for preprocessing ; the paper presents a novel concept for collaborative descriptors between deeply learned and hand - crafted features . to achieve this concept , we apply convolutional maps for pre - processing , namely the convovlutional maps are used as input of hand - crafted features . we recorded an increase in the performance rate of + 17 . 06 % ( multi - class object recognition ) and + 24 . 71 % ( car detection ) from grayscale input to convolutional maps . although the fram ←
→ sequential dimensionality reduction for extracting localized features ; linear dimensionality reduction techniques are powerful tools for image analysis as they allow the identification of important features in a data set . in particular , nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) has become very popular as it is able to extract sparse , localized and easily interpretable features by imposing an additive combination of nonnegative basis elements . nonnegative matrix underapproximation ( nmu ) is a closely related te ←
→ phonological ( un ) certainty weights lexical activation ; spoken word recognition involves at least two basic computations . first is matching acoustic input to phonological categories ( e . g . / b /, / p /, / d /). second is activating words consistent with those phonological categories . here we test the hypothesis that the listener ' s probability distribution over lexical items is weighted by the outcome of both computations : uncertainty about phonological discretisation and the frequency of the selected word ( s ). to t ←
→ convexifying the bethe free energy ; the introduction of loopy belief propagation ( lbp ) revitalized the application of graphical models in many domains . many recent works present improvements on the basic lbp algorithm in an attempt to overcome convergence and local optima problems . notable among these are convexified free energy approximations that lead to inference procedures with provable convergence and quality properties . however , empirically lbp still outperforms most of its convex variants in a varie ←
→ a note on alternating minimization algorithm for the matrix completion problem ; we consider the problem of reconstructing a low rank matrix from a subset of its entries and analyze two variants of the so - called alternating minimization algorithm , which has been proposed in the past . we establish that when the underlying matrix has rank $ r = 1 $, has positive bounded entries , and the graph $\ mathcal { g }$ underlying the revealed entries has bounded degree and diameter which is at most logarithmic in the size o ←
→ notes on noise contrastive estimation and negative sampling ; estimating the parameters of probabilistic models of language such as maxent models and probabilistic neural models is computationally difficult since it involves evaluating partition functions by summing over an entire vocabulary , which may be millions of word types in size . two closely related strategies --- noise contrastive estimation ( mnih and teh , 2012 ; mnih and kavukcuoglu , 2013 ; vaswani et al ., 2013 ) and negative sampling ( mikolov et al ., 2 ←
→ bias correction and modified profile likelihood under the wishart complex distribution ; this paper proposes improved methods for the maximum likelihood ( ml ) estimation of the equivalent number of looks $ l $. this parameter has a meaningful interpretation in the context of polarimetric synthetic aperture radar ( polsar ) images . due to the presence of coherent illumination in their processing , polsar systems generate images which present a granular noise called speckle . as a potential solution for reducing s ←
→ speedmachines : anytime structured prediction ; structured prediction plays a central role in machine learning applications from computational biology to computer vision . these models require significantly more computation than unstructured models , and , in many applications , algorithms may need to make predictions within a computational budget or in an anytime fashion . in this work we propose an anytime technique for learning structured prediction that , at training time , incorporates both structural elements ←
→ c - vqa : a compositional split of the visual question answering ( vqa ) v1 . 0 dataset ; visual question answering ( vqa ) has received a lot of attention over the past couple of years . a number of deep learning models have been proposed for this task . however , it has been shown that these models are heavily driven by superficial correlations in the training data and lack compositionality -- the ability to answer questions about unseen compositions of seen concepts . this compositionality is desirable and central ←
→ multi - view deep learning for consistent semantic mapping with rgb - d cameras ; visual scene understanding is an important capability that enables robots to purposefully act in their environment . in this paper , we propose a novel approach to object - class segmentation from multiple rgb - d views using deep learning . we train a deep neural network to predict object - class semantics that is consistent from several view points in a semi - supervised way . at test time , the semantics predictions of our network can be ←
→ an ann - based method for detecting vocal fold pathology ; there are different algorithms for vocal fold pathology diagnosis . these algorithms usually have three stages which are feature extraction , feature reduction and classification . while the third stage implies a choice of a variety of machine learning methods , the first and second stages play a critical role in performance and accuracy of the classification system . in this paper we present initial study of feature extraction and feature reduction in the ←
→ decision making using probabilistic inference methods ; the analysis of decision making under uncertainty is closely related to the analysis of probabilistic inference . indeed , much of the research into efficient methods for probabilistic inference in expert systems has been motivated by the fundamental normative arguments of decision theory . in this paper we show how the developments underlying those efficient methods can be applied immediately to decision problems . in addition to general approaches which ←
→ combining independent modules in lexical multiple - choice problems ; existing statistical approaches to natural language problems are very coarse approximations to the true complexity of language processing . as such , no single technique will be best for all problem instances . many researchers are examining ensemble methods that combine the output of multiple modules to create more accurate solutions . this paper examines three merging rules for combining probability distributions : the familiar mixture rule , t ←
→ on learning vector representations in hierarchical label spaces ; an important problem in multi - label classification is to capture label patterns or underlying structures that have an impact on such patterns . this paper addresses one such problem , namely how to exploit hierarchical structures over labels . we present a novel method to learn vector representations of a label space given a hierarchy of labels and label co - occurrence patterns . our experimental results demonstrate qualitatively that the proposed ←
→( yet ) another theoretical model of thinking ; this paper presents a theoretical , idealized model of the thinking process with the following characteristics : 1 ) the model can produce complex thought sequences and can be generalized to new inputs , 2 ) it can receive and maintain input information indefinitely for the generation of thoughts and later use , and 3 ) it supports learning while executing . the crux of the model lies within the concept of internal consistency , or the generated thoughts should always be ←
→ stability of evolving multi - agent systems ; a multi - agent system is a distributed system where the agents or nodes perform complex functions that cannot be written down in analytic form . multi - agent systems are highly connected , and the information they contain is mostly stored in the connections . when agents update their state , they take into account the state of the other agents , and they have access to those states via the connections . there is also external , user - generated input into the multi - agent sys ←
→ word sense disambiguation using wsd specific wordnet of polysemy words ; this paper presents a new model of wordnet that is used to disambiguate the correct sense of polysemy word based on the clue words . the related words for each sense of a polysemy word as well as single sense word are referred to as the clue words . the conventional wordnet organizes nouns , verbs , adjectives and adverbs together into sets of synonyms called synsets each expressing a different concept . in contrast to the structure of word ←
→ optimal black - box reductions between optimization objectives ; the diverse world of machine learning applications has given rise to a plethora of algorithms and optimization methods , finely tuned to the specific regression or classification task at hand . we reduce the complexity of algorithm design for machine learning by reductions : we develop reductions that take a method developed for one setting and apply it to the entire spectrum of smoothness and strong - convexity in applications . furthermore , unlike ←
→ non - convex rank minimization via an empirical bayesian approach ; in many applications that require matrix solutions of minimal rank , the underlying cost function is non - convex leading to an intractable , np - hard optimization problem . consequently , the convex nuclear norm is frequently used as a surrogate penalty term for matrix rank . the problem is that in many practical scenarios there is no longer any guarantee that we can correctly estimate generative low - rank matrices of interest , theoretical special ca ←
→ generating a diverse set of high - quality clusterings ; we provide a new framework for generating multiple good quality partitions ( clusterings ) of a single data set . our approach decomposes this problem into two components , generating many high - quality partitions , and then grouping these partitions to obtain k representatives . the decomposition makes the approach extremely modular and allows us to optimize various criteria that control the choice of representative partitions .←
→ learning with $\ ell ^{ 0 }$- graph : $\ ell ^{ 0 }$- induced sparse subspace clustering ; sparse subspace clustering methods , such as sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ) \ cite { elhamifarv13 } and $\ ell ^{ 1 }$- graph \ cite { yanw09 , chengyyfh10 }, are effective in partitioning the data that lie in a union of subspaces . most of those methods use $\ ell ^{ 1 }$- norm or $\ ell ^{ 2 }$- norm with thresholding to impose the sparsity of the constructed sparse similarity graph , and certain assumptions , e . g . independence or disjointness , on the ←
→ word sense induction using word embeddings and community detection in complex networks ; word sense induction ( wsi ) is the ability to automatically induce word senses from corpora . the wsi task was first proposed to overcome the limitations of manually annotated corpus that are required in word sense disambiguation systems . even though several works have been proposed to induce word senses , existing systems are still very limited in the sense that they make use of structured , domain - specific knowledge sou ←
→ parallel transport in shape analysis : a scalable numerical scheme ; the analysis of manifold - valued data requires efficient tools from riemannian geometry to cope with the computational complexity at stake . this complexity arises from the always - increasing dimension of the data , and the absence of closed - form expressions to basic operations such as the riemannian logarithm . in this paper , we adapt a generic numerical scheme recently introduced for computing parallel transport along geodesics in a riemannian ←
→ three iqs of ai systems and their testing methods ; the rapid development of artificial intelligence has brought the artificial intelligence threat theory as well as the problem about how to evaluate the intelligence level of intelligent products . both need to find a quantitative method to evaluate the intelligence level of intelligence systems , including human intelligence . based on the standard intelligence system and the extended von neumann architecture , this paper proposes general iq , service iq and va ←
→ emergent criticality through adaptive information processing in boolean networks ; we study information processing in populations of boolean networks with evolving connectivity and systematically explore the interplay between the learning capability , robustness , the network topology , and the task complexity . we solve a long - standing open question and find computationally that , for large system sizes $ n $, adaptive information processing drives the networks to a critical connectivity $ k_ { c }= 2 $. for finite s ←
→ esdf : ensemble selection using diversity and frequency ; recently ensemble selection for consensus clustering has emerged as a research problem in machine intelligence . normally consensus clustering algorithms take into account the entire ensemble of clustering , where there is a tendency of generating a very large size ensemble before computing its consensus . one can avoid considering the entire ensemble and can judiciously select few partitions in the ensemble without compromising on the quality of the con ←
→ motion feature augmented recurrent neural network for skeleton - based dynamic hand gesture recognition ; dynamic hand gesture recognition has attracted increasing interests because of its importance for human computer interaction . in this paper , we propose a new motion feature augmented recurrent neural network for skeleton - based dynamic hand gesture recognition . finger motion features are extracted to describe finger movements and global motion features are utilized to represent the global movement of han ←
→ generating high - quality crowd density maps using contextual pyramid cnns ; we present a novel method called contextual pyramid cnn ( cp - cnn ) for generating high - quality crowd density and count estimation by explicitly incorporating global and local contextual information of crowd images . the proposed cp - cnn consists of four modules : global context estimator ( gce ), local context estimator ( lce ), density map estimator ( dme ) and a fusion - cnn ( f - cnn ). gce is a vgg - 16 based cnn that encodes global context and it ←
→ cern : confidence - energy recurrent network for group activity recognition ; this work is about recognizing human activities occurring in videos at distinct semantic levels , including individual actions , interactions , and group activities . the recognition is realized using a two - level hierarchy of long short - term memory ( lstm ) networks , forming a feed - forward deep architecture , which can be trained end - to - end . in comparison with existing architectures of lstms , we make two key contributions giving the name to ←
→ the dirha - english corpus and related tasks for distant - speech recognition in domestic environments ; this paper introduces the contents and the possible usage of the dirha - english multi - microphone corpus , recently realized under the ec dirha project . the reference scenario is a domestic environment equipped with a large number of microphones and microphone arrays distributed in space . the corpus is composed of both real and simulated material , and it includes 12 us and 12 uk english native speakers . eac ←
→ a framework for compiling preferences in logic programs ; we introduce a methodology and framework for expressing general preference information in logic programming under the answer set semantics . an ordered logic program is an extended logic program in which rules are named by unique terms , and in which preferences among rules are given by a set of atoms of form s < t where s and t are names . an ordered logic program is transformed into a second , regular , extended logic program wherein the preferences are ←
→ the iit bombay english - hindi parallel corpus ; we present the iit bombay english - hindi parallel corpus . the corpus is a compilation of parallel corpora previously available in the public domain as well as new parallel corpora we collected . the corpus contains 1 . 49 million parallel segments , of which 694k segments were not previously available in the public domain . the corpus has been pre - processed for machine translation , and we report baseline phrase - based smt and nmt translation results on this corpus . th ←
→ intensional models for the theory of types ; in this paper we define intensional models for the classical theory of types , thus arriving at an intensional type logic itl . intensional models generalize henkin ' s general models and have a natural definition . as a class they do not validate the axiom of extensionality . we give a cut - free sequent calculus for type theory and show completeness of this calculus with respect to the class of intensional models via a model existence theorem . after this we turn our at ←
→ input fast - forwarding for better deep learning ; this paper introduces a new architectural framework , known as input fast - forwarding , that can enhance the performance of deep networks . the main idea is to incorporate a parallel path that sends representations of input values forward to deeper network layers . this scheme is substantially different from " deep supervision " in which the loss layer is re - introduced to earlier layers . the parallel path provided by fast - forwarding enhances the training process in ←
→ learning to predict the wisdom of crowds ; the problem of " approximating the crowd " is that of estimating the crowd ' s majority opinion by querying only a subset of it . algorithms that approximate the crowd can intelligently stretch a limited budget for a crowdsourcing task . we present an algorithm , " crowdsense ," that works in an online fashion to dynamically sample subsets of labelers based on an exploration / exploitation criterion . the algorithm produces a weighted combination of a subset of the labelers ' v ←
→ a mathematical framework for deep learning in elastic source imaging ; an inverse elastic source problem with sparse measurements is of concern . a generic mathematical framework is proposed which incorporates a low - dimensional manifold regularization in the conventional source reconstruction algorithms thereby enhancing their performance with sparse datasets . it is rigorously established that the proposed framework is equivalent to the so - called \ emph { deep convolutional framelet expansion } in machine learn ←
→ seam puckering objective evaluation method for sewing process ; the paper presents an automated method for the assessment and classification of puckering defects detected during the preproduction control stage of the sewing machine or product inspection . in this respect , we have presented the possible causes and remedies of the wrinkle nonconformities . subjective factors related to the control environment and operators during the seams evaluation can be reduced using an automated system whose operation is b ←
→ a version of geiringer - like theorem for decision making in the environments with randomness and incomplete information ; purpose : in recent years monte - carlo sampling methods , such as monte carlo tree search , have achieved tremendous success in model free reinforcement learning . a combination of the so called upper confidence bounds policy to preserve the " exploration vs . exploitation " balance to select actions for sample evaluations together with massive computing power to store and to update dynamically ←
→ grounding the lexical sets of causative - inchoative verbs with word embedding ; lexical sets contain the words filling the argument positions of a verb in one of its senses . they can be grounded empirically through their automatic extraction from corpora . the purpose of this paper is demonstrating that their vector representation based on word embedding provides insights onto many linguistic phenomena , and in particular about verbs undergoing the causative - inchoative alternation . a first experiment aims at ←
→ mri - pet registration with automated algorithm in pre - clinical studies ; magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) and positron emission tomography ( pet ) automatic 3 - d registration is implemented and validated for small animal image volumes so that the high - resolution anatomical mri information can be fused with the low spatial resolution of functional pet information for the localization of lesion that is currently in high demand in the study of tumor of cancer ( oncology ) and its corresponding preparation of pharmac ←
→ size - to - depth : a new perspective for single image depth estimation ; in this paper we consider the problem of single monocular image depth estimation . it is a challenging problem due to its ill - posedness nature and has found wide application in industry . previous efforts belongs roughly to two families : learning - based method and interactive method . learning - based method , in which deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is widely used , can achieve good result . but they suffer low generalization ability and t ←
→ classification with sparse overlapping groups ; classification with a sparsity constraint on the solution plays a central role in many high dimensional machine learning applications . in some cases , the features can be grouped together so that entire subsets of features can be selected or not selected . in many applications , however , this can be too restrictive . in this paper , we are interested in a less restrictive form of structured sparse feature selection : we assume that while features can be grouped acco ←
→ recognizing speech in a novel accent : the motor theory of speech perception reframed ; the motor theory of speech perception holds that we perceive the speech of another in terms of a motor representation of that speech . however , when we have learned to recognize a foreign accent , it seems plausible that recognition of a word rarely involves reconstruction of the speech gestures of the speaker rather than the listener . to better assess the motor theory and this observation , we proceed in three stages . par ←
→ differentiable learning of logical rules for knowledge base reasoning ; we study the problem of learning probabilistic first - order logical rules for knowledge base reasoning . this learning problem is difficult because it requires learning the parameters in a continuous space as well as the structure in a discrete space . we propose a framework , neural logic programming , that combines the parameter and structure learning of first - order logical rules in an end - to - end differentiable model . this approach is insp ←
→ large linear multi - output gaussian process learning ; gaussian processes ( gps ), or distributions over arbitrary functions in a continuous domain , can be generalized to the multi - output case : a linear model of coregionalization ( lmc ) is one approach . lmcs estimate and exploit correlations across the multiple outputs . while model estimation can be performed efficiently for single - output gps , these assume stationarity , but in the multi - output case the cross - covariance interaction is not stationary . we propose ←
→ facevr : real - time facial reenactment and eye gaze control in virtual reality ; we propose facevr , a novel image - based method that enables video teleconferencing in vr based on self - reenactment . state - of - the - art face tracking methods in the vr context are focused on the animation of rigged 3d avatars . while they achieve good tracking performance the results look cartoonish and not real . in contrast to these model - based approaches , facevr enables vr teleconferencing using an image - based technique that resul ←
→ an empirical evaluation of visual question answering for novel objects ; we study the problem of answering questions about images in the harder setting , where the test questions and corresponding images contain novel objects , which were not queried about in the training data . such setting is inevitable in real world - owing to the heavy tailed distribution of the visual categories , there would be some objects which would not be annotated in the train set . we show that the performance of two popular existing m ←
→ bayesian nonparametric models for synchronous brain - computer interfaces ; a brain - computer interface ( bci ) is a system that aims for establishing a non - muscular communication path for subjects who had suffer from a neurodegenerative disease . many bci systems make use of the phenomena of event - related synchronization and de - synchronization of brain waves as a main feature for classification of different cognitive tasks . however , the temporal dynamics of the electroencephalographic ( eeg ) signals contain addit ←
→ an inexact subsampled proximal newton - type method for large - scale machine learning ; we propose a fast proximal newton - type algorithm for minimizing regularized finite sums that returns an $\ epsilon $- suboptimal point in $\ tilde {\ mathcal { o }}( d ( n + \ sqrt {\ kappa d })\ log (\ frac { 1 }{\ epsilon }))$ flops , where $ n $ is number of samples , $ d $ is feature dimension , and $\ kappa $ is the condition number . as long as $ n > d $, the proposed method is more efficient than state - of - the - art accelerated stochastic first - order me ←
→ dependency treebanks : methods , annotation schemes and tools ; in this paper , current dependencybased treebanks are introduced and analyzed . the methods used for building the resources , the annotation schemes applied , and the tools used ( such as pos taggers , parsers and annotation software ) are discussed .←
→ mobility prediction in wireless ad hoc networks using neural networks ; mobility prediction allows estimating the stability of paths in a mobile wireless ad hoc networks . identifying stable paths helps to improve routing by reducing the overhead and the number of connection interruptions . in this paper , we introduce a neural network based method for mobility prediction in ad hoc networks . this method consists of a multi - layer and recurrent neural network using back propagation through time algorithm for tra ←
→ one pixel attack for fooling deep neural networks ; recent research has revealed that the output of deep neural networks ( dnn ) can be easily altered by adding relatively small perturbations to the input vector . in this paper , we analyze an attack in an extremely limited scenario where only one pixel can be modified . for that we propose a novel method for generating one - pixel adversarial perturbations based on differential evolution . it requires less adversarial information and can fool more types of network ←
→ optimization models of natural communication ; a family of information theoretic models of communication was introduced more than a decade ago to explain the origins of zipf ' s law for word frequencies . the family is a based on a combination of two information theoretic principles : maximization of mutual information between forms and meanings and minimization of form entropy . the family also sheds light on the origins of three other patterns : the principle of contrast , a related vocabulary learning bias and ←
→ detecting zones and threat on 3d body for security in airports using deep machine learning ; in this research , it was used a segmentation and classification method to identify threat recognition in human scanner images of airport security . the department of homeland security ' s ( dhs ) in usa has a higher false alarm , produced from theirs algorithms using today ' s scanners at the airports . to repair this problem they started a new competition at kaggle site asking the science community to improve their detect ←
→ interactive 3d modeling with a generative adversarial network ; this paper proposes the idea of using a generative adversarial network ( gan ) to assist a novice user in designing real - world shapes with a simple interface . the user edits a voxel grid with a painting interface ( like minecraft ). yet , at any time , he / she can execute a snap command , which projects the current voxel grid onto a latent shape manifold with a learned projection operator and then generates a similar , but more realistic , shape using a ←
→ an unsupervised dynamic image segmentation using fuzzy hopfield neural network based genetic algorithm ; this paper proposes a genetic algorithm based segmentation method that can automatically segment gray - scale images . the proposed method mainly consists of spatial unsupervised grayscale image segmentation that divides an image into regions . the aim of this algorithm is to produce precise segmentation of images using intensity information along with neighborhood relationships . in this paper , fuzzy hopfi ←
→ the vqa - machine : learning how to use existing vision algorithms to answer new questions ; one of the most intriguing features of the visual question answering ( vqa ) challenge is the unpredictability of the questions . extracting the information required to answer them demands a variety of image operations from detection and counting , to segmentation and reconstruction . to train a method to perform even one of these operations accurately from { image , question , answer } tuples would be challenging , but to aim t ←
→ the statistical methods of pixel - based image fusion techniques ; there are many image fusion methods that can be used to produce high - resolution mutlispectral images from a high - resolution panchromatic ( pan ) image and low - resolution multispectral ( ms ) of remote sensed images . this paper attempts to undertake the study of image fusion techniques with different statistical techniques for image fusion as local mean matching ( lmm ), local mean and variance matching ( lmvm ), regression variable substitution ( rvs ),←
→ generalized majorization - minimization ; non - convex optimization is ubiquitous in machine learning . the majorization - minimization ( mm ) procedure systematically optimizes non - convex functions through an iterative construction and optimization of upper bounds on the objective function . the bound at each iteration is required to \ emph { touch } the objective function at the optimizer of the previous bound . we show that this touching constraint is unnecessary and overly restrictive . we generalize mm by relaxing thi ←
→ reversible image watermarking for health informatics systems using distortion compensation in wavelet domain ; reversible image watermarking guaranties restoration of both original cover and watermark logo from the watermarked image . capacity and distortion of the image under reversible watermarking are two important parameters . in this study a reversible watermarking is investigated with focusing on increasing the embedding capacity and reducing the distortion in medical images . integer wavelet transform ←
→ accelerating inference : towards a full language , compiler and hardware stack ; we introduce dimple , a fully open - source api for probabilistic modeling . dimple allows the user to specify probabilistic models in the form of graphical models , bayesian networks , or factor graphs , and performs inference ( by automatically deriving an inference engine from a variety of algorithms ) on the model . dimple also serves as a compiler for gp5 , a hardware accelerator for inference .←
→ detecting suicidal ideation in chinese microblogs with psychological lexicons ; suicide is among the leading causes of death in china . however , technical approaches toward preventing suicide are challenging and remaining under development . recently , several actual suicidal cases were preceded by users who posted microblogs with suicidal ideation to sina weibo , a chinese social media network akin to twitter . it would therefore be desirable to detect suicidal ideations from microblogs in real - time , and imme ←
→ convex relaxations for learning bounded treewidth decomposable graphs ; we consider the problem of learning the structure of undirected graphical models with bounded treewidth , within the maximum likelihood framework . this is an np - hard problem and most approaches consider local search techniques . in this paper , we pose it as a combinatorial optimization problem , which is then relaxed to a convex optimization problem that involves searching over the forest and hyperforest polytopes with special structures , ←
→ relevance subject machine : a novel person re - identification framework ; we propose a novel method called the relevance subject machine ( rsm ) to solve the person re - identification ( re - id ) problem . rsm falls under the category of bayesian sparse recovery algorithms and uses the sparse representation of the input video under a pre - defined dictionary to identify the subject in the video . our approach focuses on the multi - shot re - id problem , which is the prevalent problem in many video analytics applications . rs ←
→ weakly supervised semantic segmentation using web - crawled videos ; we propose a novel algorithm for weakly supervised semantic segmentation based on image - level class labels only . in weakly supervised setting , it is commonly observed that trained model overly focuses on discriminative parts rather than the entire object area . our goal is to overcome this limitation with no additional human intervention by retrieving videos relevant to target class labels from web repository , and generating segmentation labe ←
→ neighborhood features help detecting non - technical losses in big data sets ; electricity theft is a major problem around the world in both developed and developing countries and may range up to 40 % of the total electricity distributed . more generally , electricity theft belongs to non - technical losses ( ntl ), which are losses that occur during the distribution of electricity in power grids . in this paper , we build features from the neighborhood of customers . we first split the area in which the customers ar ←
→ binary distance transform to improve feature extraction ; to recognize textures many methods have been developed along the years . however , texture datasets may be hard to be classified due to artefacts such as a variety of scale , illumination and noise . this paper proposes the application of binary distance transform on the original dataset to add information to texture representation and consequently improve recognition . texture images , usually in grayscale , suffers a binarization prior to distance transfo ←
→ problem evolution : a new approach to problem solving systems ; in this paper we present a novel tool to evaluate problem solving systems . instead of using a system to solve a problem , we suggest using the problem to evaluate the system . by finding a numerical representation of a problem ' s complexity , one can implement genetic algorithm to search for the most complex problem the given system can solve . this allows a comparison between different systems that solve the same set of problems . in this paper we im ←
→ learning tree - based deep model for recommender systems ; model - based methods for recommender systems have been studied to provide more precise results . in systems with large corpus , the amount of calculation for learnt model to predict all user - item pairs ' preferences is tremendous , which makes the model difficult to be directly employed in recommendation candidate generation stage . to overcome the calculation barrier , models like matrix factorization can resort to inner product form ( i . e ., use the inner pr ←
→ a scaled bregman theorem with applications ; bregman divergences play a central role in the design and analysis of a range of machine learning algorithms . this paper explores the use of bregman divergences to establish reductions between such algorithms and their analyses . we present a new scaled isodistortion theorem involving bregman divergences ( scaled bregman theorem for short ) which shows that certain " bregman distortions '" ( employing a potentially non - convex generator ) may be exactly re - written as a s ←
→ evaluating urbanization from satellite and aerial images by means of a statistical approach to the texture analysis ; statistical methods are usually applied in the processing of digital images for the analysis of the textures displayed by them . aiming to evaluate the urbanization of a given location from satellite or aerial images , here we consider a simple processing to distinguish in them the ' urban ' from the ' rural ' texture . the method is based on the mean values and the standard deviations of the col ←
→ dimension - free information concentration via exp - concavity ; information concentration of probability measures have important implications in learning theory . recently , it is discovered that the information content of a log - concave distribution concentrates around their differential entropy , albeit with an unpleasant dependence on the ambient dimension . in this work , we prove that if the potentials of the log - concave distribution are exp - concave , which is a central notion for fast rates in online and statis ←
→ reinforcement learning with deep energy - based policies ; we propose a method for learning expressive energy - based policies for continuous states and actions , which has been feasible only in tabular domains before . we apply our method to learning maximum entropy policies , resulting into a new algorithm , called soft q - learning , that expresses the optimal policy via a boltzmann distribution . we use the recently proposed amortized stein variational gradient descent to learn a stochastic sampling network that ap ←
→ error - correcting tournaments ; we present a family of pairwise tournaments reducing $ k $- class classification to binary classification . these reductions are provably robust against a constant fraction of binary errors . the results improve on the pecoc construction \ cite { secoc } with an exponential improvement in computation , from $ o ( k )$ to $ o (\ log_2 k )$, and the removal of a square root in the regret dependence , matching the best possible computation and regret up to a constant .←
→ active learning and best - response dynamics ; we examine an important setting for engineered systems in which low - power distributed sensors are each making highly noisy measurements of some unknown target function . a center wants to accurately learn this function by querying a small number of sensors , which ordinarily would be impossible due to the high noise rate . the question we address is whether local communication among sensors , together with natural best - response dynamics in an appropriately - defined ga ←
→ diagnostic prediction using discomfort drawings ; in this paper , we explore the possibility to apply machine learning to make diagnostic predictions using discomfort drawings . a discomfort drawing is an intuitive way for patients to express discomfort and pain related symptoms . these drawings have proven to be an effective method to collect patient data and make diagnostic decisions in real - life practice . a dataset from real - world patient cases is collected for which medical experts provide diagnostic label ←
→ full object boundary detection by applying scale invariant features in a region merging segmentation algorithm ; object detection is a fundamental task in computer vision and has many applications in image processing . this paper proposes a new approach for object detection by applying scale invariant feature transform ( sift ) in an automatic segmentation algorithm . sift is an invariant algorithm respect to scale , translation and rotation . the features are very distinct and provide stable keypoints that can ←
→ deep learning for distant speech recognition ; deep learning is an emerging technology that is considered one of the most promising directions for reaching higher levels of artificial intelligence . among the other achievements , building computers that understand speech represents a crucial leap towards intelligent machines . despite the great efforts of the past decades , however , a natural and robust human - machine speech interaction still appears to be out of reach , especially when users interact with a dist ←
→ hypothesize and bound : a computational focus of attention mechanism for simultaneous 3d shape reconstruction , pose estimation and classification from a single 2d image ; this article presents a mathematical framework to simultaneously tackle the problems of 3d reconstruction , pose estimation and object classification , from a single 2d image . in sharp contrast with state of the art methods that rely primarily on 2d information and solve each of these three problems separately or iteratively , we propose a ←
→ query - efficient imitation learning for end - to - end autonomous driving ; one way to approach end - to - end autonomous driving is to learn a policy function that maps from a sensory input , such as an image frame from a front - facing camera , to a driving action , by imitating an expert driver , or a reference policy . this can be done by supervised learning , where a policy function is tuned to minimize the difference between the predicted and ground - truth actions . a policy function trained in this way however is known ←
→ a joint intensity and depth co - sparse analysis model for depth map super - resolution ; high - resolution depth maps can be inferred from low - resolution depth measurements and an additional high - resolution intensity image of the same scene . to that end , we introduce a bimodal co - sparse analysis model , which is able to capture the interdependency of registered intensity and depth information . this model is based on the assumption that the co - supports of corresponding bimodal image structures are aligned when c ←
→ frequentist consistency of variational bayes ; a key challenge for modern bayesian statistics is how to perform scalable inference of posterior distributions . to address this challenge , vb methods have emerged as a popular alternative to the classical mcmc methods . vb methods tend to be faster while achieving comparable predictive performance . however , there are few theoretical results around vb . in this paper , we establish frequentist consistency and asymptotic normality of vb methods . specifically , we con ←
→ arabian horse identification benchmark dataset ; the lack of a standard muzzle print database is a challenge for conducting researches in arabian horse identification systems . therefore , collecting a muzzle print images database is a crucial decision . the dataset presented in this paper is an option for the studies that need a dataset for testing and comparing the algorithms under development for arabian horse identification . our collected dataset consists of 300 color images that were collected from 50 ara ←
→ teacher improves learning by selecting a training subset ; we call a learner super - teachable if a teacher can trim down an iid training set while making the learner learn even better . we provide sharp super - teaching guarantees on two learners : the maximum likelihood estimator for the mean of a gaussian , and the large margin classifier in 1d . for general learners , we provide a mixed - integer nonlinear programming - based algorithm to find a super teaching set . empirical experiments show that our algorithm is ab ←
→ incremental learning of object detectors without catastrophic forgetting ; despite their success for object detection , convolutional neural networks are ill - equipped for incremental learning , i . e ., adapting the original model trained on a set of classes to additionally detect objects of new classes , in the absence of the initial training data . they suffer from " catastrophic forgetting " - an abrupt degradation of performance on the original set of classes , when the training objective is adapted to the new cl ←
→ implementing anti - unification modulo equational theory ; we present an implementation of e - anti - unification as defined in heinz ( 1995 ), where tree - grammar descriptions of equivalence classes of terms are used to compute generalizations modulo equational theories . we discuss several improvements , including an efficient implementation of variable - restricted e - anti - unification from heinz ( 1995 ), and give some runtime figures about them . we present applications in various areas , including lemma generation in eq ←
→ efficient bayesian learning in social networks with gaussian estimators ; we consider a group of bayesian agents who try to estimate a state of the world $\ theta $ through interaction on a social network . each agent $ v $ initially receives a private measurement of $\ theta $: a number $ s_v $ picked from a gaussian distribution with mean $\ theta $ and standard deviation one . then , in each discrete time iteration , each reveals its estimate of $\ theta $ to its neighbors , and , observing its neighbors ' actions , updates ←
→ conversion of braille to text in english , hindi and tamil languages ; the braille system has been used by the visually impaired for reading and writing . due to limited availability of the braille text books an efficient usage of the books becomes a necessity . this paper proposes a method to convert a scanned braille document to text which can be read out to many through the computer . the braille documents are pre processed to enhance the dots and reduce the noise . the braille cells are segmented and the dot ←
→ an intelligent multi - agent recommender system for human capacity building ; this paper presents a multi - agent approach to the problem of recommending training courses to engineering professionals . the recommendation system is built as a proof of concept and limited to the electrical and mechanical engineering disciplines . through user modelling and data collection from a survey , collaborative filtering recommendation is implemented using intelligent agents . the agents work together in recommending meaning ←
→ vr goggles for robots : real - to - sim domain adaptation for visual control ; this paper deals with the reality gap from a novel perspective , targeting transferring deep reinforcement learning ( drl ) policies learned in simulated environments to the real - world domain for visual control tasks . instead of adopting the common solutions to the problem by increasing the visual fidelity of synthetic images output from simulators during the training phase , this paper seeks to tackle the problem by translating the real -←
→ tradeoffs in constructing and evaluating temporal influence diagrams ; this paper addresses the tradeoffs which need to be considered in reasoning using probabilistic network representations , such as influence diagrams ( ids ). in particular , we examine the tradeoffs entailed in using temporal influence diagrams ( tids ) which adequately capture the temporal evolution of a dynamic system without prohibitive data and computational requirements . three approaches for tid construction which make different tradeoffs ←
→ locally non - rigid registration for mobile hdr photography ; image registration for stack - based hdr photography is challenging . if not properly accounted for , camera motion and scene changes result in artifacts in the composite image . unfortunately , existing methods to address this problem are either accurate , but too slow for mobile devices , or fast , but prone to failing . we propose a method that fills this void : our approach is extremely fast --- under 700ms on a commercial tablet for a pair of 5mp images ---←
→ small sample learning of superpixel classifiers for em segmentation - extended version ; pixel and superpixel classifiers have become essential tools for em segmentation algorithms . training these classifiers remains a major bottleneck primarily due to the requirement of completely annotating the dataset which is tedious , error - prone and costly . in this paper , we propose an interactive learning scheme for the superpixel classifier for em segmentation . our algorithm is " active semi - supervised " because it re ←
→ on smoothing and inference for topic models ; latent dirichlet analysis , or topic modeling , is a flexible latent variable framework for modeling high - dimensional sparse count data . various learning algorithms have been developed in recent years , including collapsed gibbs sampling , variational inference , and maximum a posteriori estimation , and this variety motivates the need for careful empirical comparisons . in this paper , we highlight the close connections between these approaches . we find that the main d ←
→ sparse penalty in deep belief networks : using the mixed norm constraint ; deep belief networks ( dbn ) have been successfully applied on popular machine learning tasks . specifically , when applied on hand - written digit recognition , dbns have achieved approximate accuracy rates of 98 . 8 %. in an effort to optimize the data representation achieved by the dbn and maximize their descriptive power , recent advances have focused on inducing sparse constraints at each layer of the dbn . in this paper we present a theoret ←
→ an ontology for modelling and supporting the process of authoring technical assessments ; in this paper , we present a semantic web approach for modelling the process of creating new technical and regulatory documents related to the building sector . this industry , among other industries , is currently experiencing a phenomenal growth in its technical and regulatory texts . therefore , it is urgent and crucial to improve the process of creating regulations by automating it as much as possible . we focus on the ←
→ randomized nonlinear component analysis ; classical methods such as principal component analysis ( pca ) and canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) are ubiquitous in statistics . however , these techniques are only able to reveal linear relationships in data . although nonlinear variants of pca and cca have been proposed , these are computationally prohibitive in the large scale . in a separate strand of recent research , randomized methods have been proposed to construct features that help reveal nonlinear pattern ←
→ symbol grounding via chaining of morphisms ; a new model of symbol grounding is presented , in which the structures of natural language , logical semantics , perception and action are represented categorically , and symbol grounding is modeled via the composition of morphisms between the relevant categories . this model gives conceptual insight into the fundamentally systematic nature of symbol grounding , and also connects naturally to practical real - world ai systems in current research and commercial use . speci ←
→ maximizing submodular functions using probabilistic graphical models ; we consider the problem of maximizing submodular functions ; while this problem is known to be np - hard , several numerically efficient local search techniques with approximation guarantees are available . in this paper , we propose a novel convex relaxation which is based on the relationship between submodular functions , entropies and probabilistic graphical models . in a graphical model , the entropy of the joint distribution decomposes as a ←
→ skip - thought memory networks ; question answering ( qa ) is fundamental to natural language processing in that most nlp problems can be phrased as qa ( kumar et al ., 2015 ). current weakly supervised memory network models that have been proposed so far struggle at answering questions that involve relations among multiple entities ( such as facebook ' s babi qa5 - three - arg - relations in ( weston et al ., 2015 )). to address this problem of learning multi - argument multi - hop semantic relations for the purpose of qa , we pr ←
→ the earth ain ' t flat : monocular reconstruction of vehicles on steep and graded roads from a moving camera ; accurate localization of other traffic participants is a vital task in autonomous driving systems . state - of - the - art systems employ a combination of sensing modalities such as rgb cameras and lidars for localizing traffic participants , but most such demonstrations have been confined to plain roads . we demonstrate , to the best of our knowledge , the first results for monocular object localization and s ←
→ exploiting deep semantics and compositionality of natural language for human - robot - interaction ; we develop a natural language interface for human robot interaction that implements reasoning about deep semantics in natural language . to realize the required deep analysis , we employ methods from cognitive linguistics , namely the modular and compositional framework of embodied construction grammar ( ecg ) [ feldman , 2009 ]. using ecg , robots are able to solve fine - grained reference resolution problems and other ←
→ binarizing business card images for mobile devices ; business card images are of multiple natures as these often contain graphics , pictures and texts of various fonts and sizes both in background and foreground . so , the conventional binarization techniques designed for document images can not be directly applied on mobile devices . in this paper , we have presented a fast binarization technique for camera captured business card images . a card image is split into small blocks . some of these blocks are classifi ←
→ accurate light field depth estimation with superpixel regularization over partially occluded regions ; depth estimation is a fundamental problem for light field photography applications . numerous methods have been proposed in recent years , which either focus on crafting cost terms for more robust matching , or on analyzing the geometry of scene structures embedded in the epipolar - plane images . significant improvements have been made in terms of overall depth estimation error ; however , current state - of - the -←
→ synchronisation of partial multi - matchings via non - negative factorisations ; in this work we study permutation synchronisation for the challenging case of partial permutations , which plays an important role for the problem of matching multiple objects ( e . g . images or shapes ). the term synchronisation refers to the property that the set of pairwise matchings is cycle - consistent , i . e . in the full matching case all compositions of pairwise matchings over cycles must be equal to the identity . motivated by clu ←
→ is word sense disambiguation just one more nlp task ? ; this paper compares the tasks of part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging and word - sense - tagging or disambiguation ( wsd ), and argues that the tasks are not related by fineness of grain or anything like that , but are quite different kinds of task , particularly becuase there is nothing in pos corresponding to sense novelty . the paper also argues for the reintegration of sub - tasks that are being separated for evaluation ←
→ self - supervised deep reinforcement learning with generalized computation graphs for robot navigation ; enabling robots to autonomously navigate complex environments is essential for real - world deployment . prior methods approach this problem by having the robot maintain an internal map of the world , and then use a localization and planning method to navigate through the internal map . however , these approaches often include a variety of assumptions , are computationally intensive , and do not learn from failu ←
→ aoso - logitboost : adaptive one - vs - one logitboost for multi - class problem ; this paper presents an improvement to model learning when using multi - class logitboost for classification . motivated by the statistical view , logitboost can be seen as additive tree regression . two important factors in this setting are : 1 ) coupled classifier output due to a sum - to - zero constraint , and 2 ) the dense hessian matrices that arise when computing tree node split gain and node value fittings . in general , this setting is too c ←
→ performance evaluation of machine learning classifiers in sentiment mining ; in recent years , the use of machine learning classifiers is of great value in solving a variety of problems in text classification . sentiment mining is a kind of text classification in which , messages are classified according to sentiment orientation such as positive or negative . this paper extends the idea of evaluating the performance of various classifiers to show their effectiveness in sentiment mining of online product revie ←
→ some open problems in optimal adaboost and decision stumps ; the significance of the study of the theoretical and practical properties of adaboost is unquestionable , given its simplicity , wide practical use , and effectiveness on real - world datasets . here we present a few open problems regarding the behavior of " optimal adaboost ," a term coined by rudin , daubechies , and schapire in 2004 to label the simple version of the standard adaboost algorithm in which the weak learner that adaboost uses always outputs ←
→ a decomposable attention model for natural language inference ; we propose a simple neural architecture for natural language inference . our approach uses attention to decompose the problem into subproblems that can be solved separately , thus making it trivially parallelizable . on the stanford natural language inference ( snli ) dataset , we obtain state - of - the - art results with almost an order of magnitude fewer parameters than previous work and without relying on any word - order information . adding intra - senten ←
→ audio source separation using a deep autoencoder ; this paper proposes a novel framework for unsupervised audio source separation using a deep autoencoder . the characteristics of unknown source signals mixed in the mixed input is automatically by properly configured autoencoders implemented by a network with many layers , and separated by clustering the coefficient vectors in the code layer . by investigating the weight vectors to the final target , representation layer , the primitive components of the audio s ←
→ the manifold of human emotions ; sentiment analysis predicts the presence of positive or negative emotions in a text document . in this paper , we consider higher dimensional extensions of the sentiment concept , which represent a richer set of human emotions . our approach goes beyond previous work in that our model contains a continuous manifold rather than a finite set of human emotions . we investigate the resulting model , compare it to psychological observations , and explore its predictive capabilities .←
→ tbd : benchmarking and analyzing deep neural network training ; the recent popularity of deep neural networks ( dnns ) has generated a lot of research interest in performing dnn - related computation efficiently . however , the primary focus is usually very narrow and limited to ( i ) inference -- i . e . how to efficiently execute already trained models and ( ii ) image classification networks as the primary benchmark for evaluation . our primary goal in this work is to break this myopic view by ( i ) proposing a new ben ←
→ skopus : mining top - k sequential patterns under leverage ; this paper presents a framework for exact discovery of the top - k sequential patterns under leverage . it combines ( 1 ) a novel definition of the expected support for a sequential pattern - a concept on which most interestingness measures directly rely - with ( 2 ) skopus : a new branch - and - bound algorithm for the exact discovery of top - k sequential patterns under a given measure of interest . our interestingness measure employs the partition approach . a pa ←
→ optimizing non - decomposable measures with deep networks ; we present a class of algorithms capable of directly training deep neural networks with respect to large families of task - specific performance measures such as the f - measure and the kullback - leibler divergence that are structured and non - decomposable . this presents a departure from standard deep learning techniques that typically use squared or cross - entropy loss functions ( that are decomposable ) to train neural networks . we demonstrate that directly ←
→ intrusion detection in mobile ad hoc networks using ga based feature selection ; mobile ad hoc networking ( manet ) has become an exciting and important technology in recent years because of the rapid proliferation of wireless devices . manets are highly vulnerable to attacks due to the open medium , dynamically changing network topology and lack of centralized monitoring point . it is important to search new architecture and mechanisms to protect the wireless networks and mobile computing application . ids ana ←
→ learning bayesian networks from incomplete databases ; bayesian approaches to learn the graphical structure of bayesian belief networks ( bbns ) from databases share the assumption that the database is complete , that is , no entry is reported as unknown . attempts to relax this assumption involve the use of expensive iterative methods to discriminate among different structures . this paper introduces a deterministic method to learn the graphical structure of a bbn from a possibly incomplete database . experimenta ←
→ unsupervised feature selection with adaptive structure learning ; the problem of feature selection has raised considerable interests in the past decade . traditional unsupervised methods select the features which can faithfully preserve the intrinsic structures of data , where the intrinsic structures are estimated using all the input features of data . however , the estimated intrinsic structures are unreliable / inaccurate when the redundant and noisy features are not removed . therefore , we face a dilemma here :←
→ estimation of tissue microstructure using a deep network inspired by a sparse reconstruction framework ; diffusion magnetic resonance imaging ( dmri ) provides a unique tool for noninvasively probing the microstructure of the neuronal tissue . the noddi model has been a popular approach to the estimation of tissue microstructure in many neuroscience studies . it represents the diffusion signals with three types of diffusion in tissue : intra - cellular , extra - cellular , and cerebrospinal fluid compartments . howev ←
→ mirror , mirror on the wall , tell me , is the error small ? ; do object part localization methods produce bilaterally symmetric results on mirror images ? surprisingly not , even though state of the art methods augment the training set with mirrored images . in this paper we take a closer look into this issue . we first introduce the concept of mirrorability as the ability of a model to produce symmetric results in mirrored images and introduce a corresponding measure , namely the \ textit { mirror error } that is defi ←
→ the role of rgb - d benchmark datasets : an overview ; the advent of the microsoft kinect three years ago stimulated not only the computer vision community for new algorithms and setups to tackle well - known problems in the community but also sparked the launch of several new benchmark datasets to which future algorithms can be compared 019 to . this review of the literature and industry developments concludes that the current rgb - d benchmark datasets can be useful to determine the accuracy of a variety of appli ←
→ hungarian layer : logics empowered neural architecture ; neural architecture is a purely numeric framework , which fits the data as a continuous function . however , lacking of logic flow ( e . g . \ textit { if , for , while }), traditional algorithms ( e . g . \ textit { hungarian algorithm , a $^*$ searching , decision tress algorithm }) could not be embedded into this paradigm , which limits the theories and applications . in this paper , we reform the calculus graph as a dynamic process , which is guided by logic flow . within our ←
→ vector quantization by minimizing kullback - leibler divergence ; this paper proposes a new method for vector quantization by minimizing the kullback - leibler divergence between the class label distributions over the quantization inputs , which are original vectors , and the output , which is the quantization subsets of the vector set . in this way , the vector quantization output can keep as much information of the class label as possible . an objective function is constructed and we also developed an iterative alg ←
→ an adaptive framework for missing depth inference using joint bilateral filter ; depth imaging has largely focused on sensor and intrinsics properties . however , the accuracy of acquire pixel is largely dependent on the capture . we propose a new depth estimation and approximation algorithm which takes an arbitrary 3d point cloud as input , with potentially complex geometric structures , and generates automatically a bounding box which is used to clamp the 3d distribution into a valid range . we then infer the ←
→ fast end - to - end trainable guided filter ; image processing and pixel - wise dense prediction have been advanced by harnessing the capabilities of deep learning . one central issue of deep learning is the limited capacity to handle joint upsampling . we present a deep learning building block for joint upsampling , namely guided filtering layer . this layer aims at efficiently generating the high - resolution output given the corresponding low - resolution one and a high - resolution guidance map . the proposed layer is c ←
→ on the fine - grained complexity of empirical risk minimization : kernel methods and neural networks ; empirical risk minimization ( erm ) is ubiquitous in machine learning and underlies most supervised learning methods . while there has been a large body of work on algorithms for various erm problems , the exact computational complexity of erm is still not understood . we address this issue for multiple popular erm problems including kernel svms , kernel ridge regression , and training the final layer of a neural ←
→ tyler ' s covariance matrix estimator in elliptical models with convex structure ; we address structured covariance estimation in elliptical distributions by assuming that the covariance is a priori known to belong to a given convex set , e . g ., the set of toeplitz or banded matrices . we consider the general method of moments ( gmm ) optimization applied to robust tyler ' s scatter m - estimator subject to these convex constraints . unfortunately , gmm turns out to be non - convex due to the objective . instead , we prop ←
→ transnets : learning to transform for recommendation ; recently , deep learning methods have been shown to improve the performance of recommender systems over traditional methods , especially when review text is available . for example , a recent model , deepconn , uses neural nets to learn one latent representation for the text of all reviews written by a target user , and a second latent representation for the text of all reviews for a target item , and then combines these latent representations to obtain state - of ←
→ sfm - net : learning of structure and motion from video ; we propose sfm - net , a geometry - aware neural network for motion estimation in videos that decomposes frame - to - frame pixel motion in terms of scene and object depth , camera motion and 3d object rotations and translations . given a sequence of frames , sfm - net predicts depth , segmentation , camera and rigid object motions , converts those into a dense frame - to - frame motion field ( optical flow ), differentiably warps frames in time to match pixels and back - propa ←
→ shape representation and classification through pattern spectrum and local binary pattern - a decision level fusion approach ; in this paper , we present a decision level fused local morphological pattern spectrum ( ps ) and local binary pattern ( lbp ) approach for an efficient shape representation and classification . this method makes use of earth movers distance ( emd ) as the measure in feature matching and shape retrieval process . the proposed approach has three major phases : feature extraction , construction ←
→ fuzzy - klassen model for development disparities analysis based on gross regional domestic product sector of a region ; analysis of regional development imbalances quadrant has a very important meaning in order to see the extent of achievement of the development of certain areas as well as the difference . factors that could be used as a tool to measure the inequality of development is to look at the average growth and development contribution of each sector of gross regional domestic product ( grdp ) based o ←
→ wordsup : exploiting word annotations for character based text detection ; imagery texts are usually organized as a hierarchy of several visual elements , i . e . characters , words , text lines and text blocks . among these elements , character is the most basic one for various languages such as western , chinese , japanese , mathematical expression and etc . it is natural and convenient to construct a common text detection engine based on character detectors . however , training character detectors requires a vast of lo ←
→ applying aco to large scale tsp instances ; ant colony optimisation ( aco ) is a well known metaheuristic that has proven successful at solving travelling salesman problems ( tsp ). however , aco suffers from two issues ; the first is that the technique has significant memory requirements for storing pheromone levels on edges between cities and second , the iterative probabilistic nature of choosing which city to visit next at every step is computationally expensive . this restricts aco from solving larger tsp inst ←
→ implementing a relevance tracker module ; pc ( id ) extends propositional logic with inductive definitions : rule sets under the well - founded semantics . recently , a notion of relevance was introduced for this language . this notion determines the set of undecided literals that can still influence the satisfiability of a pc ( id ) formula in a given partial assignment . the idea is that the pc ( id ) solver can make decisions only on relevant literals without losing soundness and thus safely ignore irrelevant literals . ←
→ semi - supervised classification through the bag - of - paths group betweenness ; this paper introduces a novel , well - founded , betweenness measure , called the bag - of - paths ( bop ) betweenness , as well as its extension , the bop group betweenness , to tackle semisupervised classification problems on weighted directed graphs . the objective of semi - supervised classification is to assign a label to unlabeled nodes using the whole topology of the graph and the labeled nodes at our disposal . the bop betweenness relies on ←
→ handling boundary constraints for numerical optimization by particle swarm flying in periodic search space ; the periodic mode is analyzed together with two conventional boundary handling modes for particle swarm . by providing an infinite space that comprises periodic copies of original search space , it avoids possible disorganizing of particle swarm that is induced by the undesired mutations at the boundary . the results on benchmark functions show that particle swarm with periodic mode is capable of impr ←
→ automatic application level set approach in detection calcifications in mammographic image ; breast cancer is considered as one of a major health problem that constitutes the strongest cause behind mortality among women in the world . so , in this decade , breast cancer is the second most common type of cancer , in term of appearance frequency , and the fifth most common cause of cancer related death . in order to reduce the workload on radiologists , a variety of cad systems ; computer - aided diagnosis ( cadi ) and ←
→ a comparative study of the clinical use of motion analysis from kinect skeleton data ; the analysis of human motion as a clinical tool can bring many benefits such as the early detection of disease and the monitoring of recovery , so in turn helping people to lead independent lives . however , it is currently under used . developments in depth cameras , such as kinect , have opened up the use of motion analysis in settings such as gp surgeries , care homes and private homes . to provide an insight into the use of ←
→ bilingual distributed word representations from document - aligned comparable data ; we propose a new model for learning bilingual word representations from non - parallel document - aligned data . following the recent advances in word representation learning , our model learns dense real - valued word vectors , that is , bilingual word embeddings ( bwes ). unlike prior work on inducing bwes which heavily relied on parallel sentence - aligned corpora and / or readily available translation resources such as dictionaries , th ←
→ the surfacing of multiview 3d drawings via lofting and occlusion reasoning ; the three - dimensional reconstruction of scenes from multiple views has made impressive strides in recent years , chiefly by methods correlating isolated feature points , intensities , or curvilinear structure . in the general setting , i . e ., without requiring controlled acquisition , limited number of objects , abundant patterns on objects , or object curves to follow particular models , the majority of these methods produce unorganized p ←
→ the role of emotions in propagating brands in social networks ; a key aspect of word of mouth marketing are emotions . emotions in texts help propagating messages in conventional advertising . in word of mouth scenarios , emotions help to engage consumers and incite to propagate the message further . while the function of emotions in offline marketing in general and word of mouth marketing in particular is rather well understood , online marketing can only offer a limited view on the function of emotions . in thi ←
→ personalized word representations carrying personalized semantics learned from social network posts ; distributed word representations have been shown to be very useful in various natural language processing ( nlp ) application tasks . these word vectors learned from huge corpora very often carry both semantic and syntactic information of words . however , it is well known that each individual user has his own language patterns because of different factors such as interested topics , friend groups , social activ ←
→ proceedings of the 37th annual workshop of the austrian association for pattern recognition ( öagm / aapr ), 2013 ; this volume represents the proceedings of the 37th annual workshop of the austrian association for pattern recognition (\" oagm / aapr ), held may 23 - 24 , 2013 , in innsbruck , austria .←
→ a bayesian model for discovering typological implications ; a standard form of analysis for linguistic typology is the universal implication . these implications state facts about the range of extant languages , such as `` if objects come after verbs , then adjectives come after nouns .'' such implications are typically discovered by painstaking hand analysis over a small sample of languages . we propose a computational model for assisting at this process . our model is able to discover both well - known implication ←
→ learning functions of few arbitrary linear parameters in high dimensions ; let us assume that $ f $ is a continuous function defined on the unit ball of $\ mathbb r ^ d $, of the form $ f ( x ) = g ( a x )$, where $ a $ is a $ k \ times d $ matrix and $ g $ is a function of $ k $ variables for $ k \ ll d $. we are given a budget $ m \ in \ mathbb n $ of possible point evaluations $ f ( x_i )$, $ i = 1 ,..., m $, of $ f $, which we are allowed to query in order to construct a uniform approximating function . under certain smoothness and variation a ←
→ overpruning in variational bayesian neural networks ; the motivations for using variational inference ( vi ) in neural networks differ significantly from those in latent variable models . this has a counter - intuitive consequence ; more expressive variational approximations can provide significantly worse predictions as compared to those with less expressive families . in this work we make two contributions . first , we identify a cause of this performance gap , variational over - pruning . second , we introduce a theor ←
→ neural program synthesis with priority queue training ; we consider the task of program synthesis in the presence of a reward function over the output of programs , where the goal is to find programs with maximal rewards . we employ an iterative optimization scheme , where we train an rnn on a dataset of k best programs from a priority queue of the generated programs so far . then , we synthesize new programs and add them to the priority queue by sampling from the rnn . we benchmark our algorithm , called priority ←
→ evolutionary algorithms for reinforcement learning ; there are two distinct approaches to solving reinforcement learning problems , namely , searching in value function space and searching in policy space . temporal difference methods and evolutionary algorithms are well - known examples of these approaches . kaelbling , littman and moore recently provided an informative survey of temporal difference methods . this article focuses on the application of evolutionary algorithms to the reinforcement learning problem , ←
→ intrinsic dimension of a dataset : what properties does one expect ? ; we propose an axiomatic approach to the concept of an intrinsic dimension of a dataset , based on a viewpoint of geometry of high - dimensional structures . our first axiom postulates that high values of dimension be indicative of the presence of the curse of dimensionality ( in a certain precise mathematical sense ). the second axiom requires the dimension to depend smoothly on a distance between datasets ( so that the dimension of a dataset and ←
→ application architecture for spoken language resources in organisational settings ; special technologies need to be used to take advantage of , and overcome , the challenges associated with acquiring , transforming , storing , processing , and distributing spoken language resources in organisations . this paper introduces an application architecture consisting of tools and supporting utilities for indexing and transcription , and describes how these tools , together with downstream processing and distribution syst ←
→ quantifying error in estimates of human brain fiber directions using earth mover ' s distance ; diffusion - weighted mr imaging ( dwi ) is the only method we currently have to measure connections between different parts of the human brain in vivo . to elucidate the structure of these connections , algorithms for tracking bundles of axonal fibers through the subcortical white matter rely on local estimates of the fiber orientation distribution function ( fodf ) in different parts of the brain . these functions descri ←
→ on learning where to look ; current automatic vision systems face two major challenges : scalability and extreme variability of appearance . first , the computational time required to process an image typically scales linearly with the number of pixels in the image , therefore limiting the resolution of input images to thumbnail size . second , variability in appearance and pose of the objects constitute a major hurdle for robust recognition and detection . in this work , we propose a model that makes baby steps to ←
→ performance comparison of svm and ann for handwritten devnagari character recognition ; classification methods based on learning from examples have been widely applied to character recognition from the 1990s and have brought forth significant improvements of recognition accuracies . this class of methods includes statistical methods , artificial neural networks , support vector machines ( svm ), multiple classifier combination , etc . in this paper , we discuss the characteristics of the some classification metho ←
→ recognizing semantic features in faces using deep learning ; the human face constantly conveys information , both consciously and subconsciously . however , as basic as it is for humans to visually interpret this information , it is quite a big challenge for machines . conventional semantic facial feature recognition and analysis techniques are already in use and are based on physiological heuristics , but they suffer from lack of robustness and high computation time . this thesis aims to explore ways for machines ←
→ a probabilistic theory of deep learning ; a grand challenge in machine learning is the development of computational algorithms that match or outperform humans in perceptual inference tasks that are complicated by nuisance variation . for instance , visual object recognition involves the unknown object position , orientation , and scale in object recognition while speech recognition involves the unknown voice pronunciation , pitch , and speed . recently , a new breed of deep learning algorithms have emerged for high ←
→ virtual adversarial ladder networks for semi - supervised learning ; semi - supervised learning ( ssl ) partially circumvents the high cost of labeling data by augmenting a small labeled dataset with a large and relatively cheap unlabeled dataset drawn from the same distribution . this paper offers a novel interpretation of two deep learning - based ssl approaches , ladder networks and virtual adversarial training ( vat ), as applying distributional smoothing to their respective latent spaces . we propose a class of mod ←
→ adaptive feeding : achieving fast and accurate detections by adaptively combining object detectors ; object detection aims at high speed and accuracy simultaneously . however , fast models are usually less accurate , while accurate models cannot satisfy our need for speed . a fast model can be 10 times faster but 50 \% less accurate than an accurate model . in this paper , we propose adaptive feeding ( af ) to combine a fast ( but less accurate ) detector and an accurate ( but slow ) detector , by adaptively determining ←
→ feature clustering for accelerating parallel coordinate descent ; large - scale l1 - regularized loss minimization problems arise in high - dimensional applications such as compressed sensing and high - dimensional supervised learning , including classification and regression problems . high - performance algorithms and implementations are critical to efficiently solving these problems . building upon previous work on coordinate descent algorithms for l1 - regularized problems , we introduce a novel family of algorithms ca ←
→ decision tree induction systems : a bayesian analysis ; decision tree induction systems are being used for knowledge acquisition in noisy domains . this paper develops a subjective bayesian interpretation of the task tackled by these systems and the heuristic methods they use . it is argued that decision tree systems implicitly incorporate a prior belief that the simpler ( in terms of decision tree complexity ) of two hypotheses be preferred , all else being equal , and that they perform a greedy search of the spa ←
→ dependency sensitive convolutional neural networks for modeling sentences and documents ; the goal of sentence and document modeling is to accurately represent the meaning of sentences and documents for various natural language processing tasks . in this work , we present dependency sensitive convolutional neural networks ( dscnn ) as a general - purpose classification system for both sentences and documents . dscnn hierarchically builds textual representations by processing pretrained word embeddings via long s ←
→ design of statistical quality control procedures using genetic algorithms ; in general , we can not use algebraic or enumerative methods to optimize a quality control ( qc ) procedure so as to detect the critical random and systematic analytical errors with stated probabilities , while the probability for false rejection is minimum . genetic algorithms ( gas ) offer an alternative , as they do not require knowledge of the objective function to be optimized and search through large parameter spaces quickly . to exp ←
→ on the computability of solomonoff induction and knowledge - seeking ; solomonoff induction is held as a gold standard for learning , but it is known to be incomputable . we quantify its incomputability by placing various flavors of solomonoff ' s prior m in the arithmetical hierarchy . we also derive computability bounds for knowledge - seeking agents , and give a limit - computable weakly asymptotically optimal reinforcement learning agent .←
→ combining privileged information to improve context - aware recommender systems ; a recommender system is an information filtering technology which can be used to predict preference ratings of items ( products , services , movies , etc ) and / or to output a ranking of items that are likely to be of interest to the user . context - aware recommender systems ( cars ) learn and predict the tastes and preferences of users by incorporating available contextual information in the recommendation process . one of the major cha ←
→ sparknet : training deep networks in spark ; training deep networks is a time - consuming process , with networks for object recognition often requiring multiple days to train . for this reason , leveraging the resources of a cluster to speed up training is an important area of work . however , widely - popular batch - processing computational frameworks like mapreduce and spark were not designed to support the asynchronous and communication - intensive workloads of existing distributed deep learning systems . we introduc ←
→ full image recover for block - based compressive sensing ; recent years , compressive sensing ( cs ) has improved greatly for the application of deep learning technology . for convenience , the input image is usually measured and reconstructed block by block . this usually causes block effect in reconstructed images . in this paper , we present a novel cnn - based network to solve this problem . in measurement part , the input image is adaptively measured block by block to acquire a group of measurements . while in recons ←
→ reconstructing video from interferometric measurements of time - varying sources ; very long baseline interferometry ( vlbi ) makes it possible to recover images of astronomical sources with extremely high angular resolution . most recently , the event horizon telescope ( eht ) has extended vlbi to short millimeter wavelengths with a goal of achieving angular resolution sufficient for imaging the event horizons of nearby supermassive black holes . vlbi provides measurements related to the underlying source image t ←
→ opinion mining and analysis : a survey ; the current research is focusing on the area of opinion mining also called as sentiment analysis due to sheer volume of opinion rich web resources such as discussion forums , review sites and blogs are available in digital form . one important problem in sentiment analysis of product reviews is to produce summary of opinions based on product features . we have surveyed and analyzed in this paper , various techniques that have been developed for the key tasks of opinion mi ←
→ autonomous perceptron neural network inspired from quantum computing ; this abstract will be modified after correcting the minor error in eq .( 2 )←
→ few - shot object recognition from machine - labeled web images ; with the tremendous advances of convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) on object recognition , we can now obtain reliable enough machine - labeled annotations easily by predictions from off - the - shelf convnets . in this work , we present an abstraction memory based framework for few - shot learning , building upon machine - labeled image annotations . our method takes some large - scale machine - annotated datasets ( e . g ., openimages ) as an external memory bank ←
→ sparse hierarchical regression with polynomials ; we present a novel method for exact hierarchical sparse polynomial regression . our regressor is that degree $ r $ polynomial which depends on at most $ k $ inputs , counting at most $\ ell $ monomial terms , which minimizes the sum of the squares of its prediction errors . the previous hierarchical sparse specification aligns well with modern big data settings where many inputs are not relevant for prediction purposes and the functional complexity of the regressor ne ←
→ monocular depth estimation by learning from heterogeneous datasets ; depth estimation provides essential information to perform autonomous driving and driver assistance . especially , monocular depth estimation is interesting from a practical point of view , since using a single camera is cheaper than many other options and avoids the need for continuous calibration strategies as required by stereo - vision approaches . state - of - the - art methods for monocular depth estimation are based on convolutional neural netw ←
→ elixa : a modular and flexible absa platform ; this paper presents a supervised aspect based sentiment analysis ( absa ) system . our aim is to develop a modular platform which allows to easily conduct experiments by replacing the modules or adding new features . we obtain the best result in the opinion target extraction ( ote ) task ( slot 2 ) using an off - the - shelf sequence labeler . the target polarity classification ( slot 3 ) is addressed by means of a multiclass svm algorithm which includes lexical based features ←
→ online learning of event definitions ; systems for symbolic event recognition infer occurrences of events in time using a set of event definitions in the form of first - order rules . the event calculus is a temporal logic that has been used as a basis in event recognition applications , providing among others , direct connections to machine learning , via inductive logic programming ( ilp ). we present an ilp system for online learning of event calculus theories . to allow for a single - pass learning strategy , we us ←
→ delay learning architectures for memory and classification ; we present a neuromorphic spiking neural network , the deltron , that can remember and store patterns by changing the delays of every connection as opposed to modifying the weights . the advantage of this architecture over traditional weight based ones is simpler hardware implementation without multipliers or digital - analog converters ( dacs ) as well as being suited to time - based computing . the name is derived due to similarity in the learning rule wi ←
→ algorithms of the lda model [ report ] ; we review three algorithms for latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ). two of them are variational inference algorithms : variational bayesian inference and online variational bayesian inference and one is markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) algorithm -- collapsed gibbs sampling . we compare their time complexity and performance . we find that online variational bayesian inference is the fastest algorithm and still returns reasonably good results .←
→ efficient algorithm for extremely large multi - task regression with massive structured sparsity ; we develop a highly scalable optimization method called " hierarchical group - thresholding " for solving a multi - task regression model with complex structured sparsity constraints on both input and output spaces . despite the recent emergence of several efficient optimization algorithms for tackling complex sparsity - inducing regularizers , true scalability in practical high - dimensional problems where a huge amount ←
→ joint optimization of masks and deep recurrent neural networks for monaural source separation ; monaural source separation is important for many real world applications . it is challenging because , with only a single channel of information available , without any constraints , an infinite number of solutions are possible . in this paper , we explore joint optimization of masking functions and deep recurrent neural networks for monaural source separation tasks , including monaural speech separation , monaural sin ←
→ quantifying the vanishing gradient and long distance dependency problem in recursive neural networks and recursive lstms ; recursive neural networks ( rnn ) and their recently proposed extension recursive long short term memory networks ( rlstm ) are models that compute representations for sentences , by recursively combining word embeddings according to an externally provided parse tree . both models thus , unlike recurrent networks , explicitly make use of the hierarchical structure of a sentence . in this paper ←
→ end - to - end neural segmental models for speech recognition ; segmental models are an alternative to frame - based models for sequence prediction , where hypothesized path weights are based on entire segment scores rather than a single frame at a time . neural segmental models are segmental models that use neural network - based weight functions . neural segmental models have achieved competitive results for speech recognition , and their end - to - end training has been explored in several studies . in this work , we revi ←
→ low - shot learning with large - scale diffusion ; this paper considers the problem of inferring image labels for which only a few labelled examples are available at training time . this setup is often referred to as low - shot learning in the literature , where a standard approach is to re - train the last few layers of a convolutional neural network learned on separate classes . we consider a semi - supervised setting in which we exploit a large collection of images to support label propagation . this is made possible ←
→ extracting core claims from scientific articles ; the number of scientific articles has grown rapidly over the years and there are no signs that this growth will slow down in the near future . because of this , it becomes increasingly difficult to keep up with the latest developments in a scientific field . to address this problem , we present here an approach to help researchers learn about the latest developments and findings by extracting in a normalized form core claims from scientific articles . this normal ←
→ gibbs - ringing artifact removal based on local subvoxel - shifts ; gibbs - ringing is a well known artifact which manifests itself as spurious oscillations in the vicinity of sharp image transients , e . g . at tissue boundaries . the origin can be seen in the truncation of k - space during mri data - acquisition . consequently , correction techniques like gegenbauer reconstruction or extrapolation methods aim at recovering these missing data . here , we present a simple and robust method which exploits a different view on t ←
→ crf autoencoder for unsupervised dependency parsing ; unsupervised dependency parsing , which tries to discover linguistic dependency structures from unannotated data , is a very challenging task . almost all previous work on this task focuses on learning generative models . in this paper , we develop an unsupervised dependency parsing model based on the crf autoencoder . the encoder part of our model is discriminative and globally normalized which allows us to use rich features as well as universal linguistic pr ←
→ cnn : single - label to multi - label ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) has demonstrated promising performance in single - label image classification tasks . however , how cnn best copes with multi - label images still remains an open problem , mainly due to the complex underlying object layouts and insufficient multi - label training images . in this work , we propose a flexible deep cnn infrastructure , called hypotheses - cnn - pooling ( hcp ), where an arbitrary number of object segment hypotheses are taken as the inputs , ←
→ micro - expression spotting : a benchmark ; micro - expressions are rapid and involuntary facial expressions , which indicate the suppressed or concealed emotions . recently , the research on automatic micro - expression ( me ) spotting obtains increasing attention . me spotting is a crucial step prior to further me analysis tasks . the spotting results can be used as important cues to assist many other human - oriented tasks and thus have many potential applications . in this paper , by investigating existing me spotting me ←
→ gep - pg : decoupling exploration and exploitation in deep reinforcement learning algorithms ; in continuous action domains , standard deep reinforcement learning algorithms like ddpg suffer from inefficient exploration when facing sparse or deceptive reward problems . conversely , evolutionary and developmental methods focusing on exploration like novelty search , quality - diversity or goal exploration processes are less sample efficient during exploitation . in this paper , we present the gep - pg approach , taking ←
→ building a learning database for the neural network retrieval of sea surface salinity from smos brightness temperatures ; this article deals with an important aspect of the neural network retrieval of sea surface salinity ( sss ) from smos brightness temperatures ( tbs ). the neural network retrieval method is an empirical approach that offers the possibility of being independent from any theoretical emissivity model , during the in - flight phase . a previous study [ 1 ] has proven that this approach is applicable ←
→ gamifying video object segmentation ; video object segmentation can be considered as one of the most challenging computer vision problems . indeed , so far , no existing solution is able to effectively deal with the peculiarities of real - world videos , especially in cases of articulated motion and object occlusions ; limitations that appear more evident when we compare their performance with the human one . however , manually segmenting objects in videos is largely impractical as it requires a lot of human time an ←
→ representation of evolutionary algorithms in fpga cluster for project of large - scale networks ; many problems are related to network projects , such as electric distribution , telecommunication and others . most of them can be represented by graphs , which manipulate thousands or millions of nodes , becoming almost an impossible task to obtain real - time solutions . many efficient solutions use evolutionary algorithms ( ea ), where researches show that performance of eas can be substantially raised by using an app ←
→ a semantic loss function for deep learning with symbolic knowledge ; this paper develops a novel methodology for using symbolic knowledge in deep learning . from first principles , we derive a semantic loss function that bridges between neural output vectors and logical constraints . this loss function captures how close the neural network is to satisfying the constraints on its output . an experimental evaluation shows that our semantic loss function effectively guides the learner to achieve ( near -) state - of - th ←
→ segcloud : semantic segmentation of 3d point clouds ; 3d semantic scene labeling is fundamental to agents operating in the real world . in particular , labeling raw 3d point sets from sensors provides fine - grained semantics . recent works leverage the capabilities of neural networks ( nns ), but are limited to coarse voxel predictions and do not explicitly enforce global consistency . we present segcloud , an end - to - end framework to obtain 3d point - level segmentation that combines the advantages of nns , trilinear i ←
→ the more you know : using knowledge graphs for image classification ; one characteristic that sets humans apart from modern learning - based computer vision algorithms is the ability to acquire knowledge about the world and use that knowledge to reason about the visual world . humans can learn about the characteristics of objects and the relationships that occur between them to learn a large variety of visual concepts , often with few examples . this paper investigates the use of structured prior knowledge in the ←
→ efficient pedestrian detection by directly optimize the partial area under the roc curve ; many typical applications of object detection operate within a prescribed false - positive range . in this situation the performance of a detector should be assessed on the basis of the area under the roc curve over that range , rather than over the full curve , as the performance outside the range is irrelevant . this measure is labelled as the partial area under the roc curve ( pauc ). effective cascade - based classifica ←
→ fusing image representations for classification using support vector machines ; in order to improve classification accuracy different image representations are usually combined . this can be done by using two different fusing schemes . in feature level fusion schemes , image representations are combined before the classification process . in classifier fusion , the decisions taken separately based on individual representations are fused to make a decision . in this paper the main methods derived for both strate ←
→ convergent propagation algorithms via oriented trees ; inference problems in graphical models are often approximated by casting them as constrained optimization problems . message passing algorithms , such as belief propagation , have previously been suggested as methods for solving these optimization problems . however , there are few convergence guarantees for such algorithms , and the algorithms are therefore not guaranteed to solve the corresponding optimization problem . here we present an oriented tree decom ←
→ determining the characteristic vocabulary for a specialized dictionary using word2vec and a directed crawler ; specialized dictionaries are used to understand concepts in specific domains , especially where those concepts are not part of the general vocabulary , or having meanings that differ from ordinary languages . the first step in creating a specialized dictionary involves detecting the characteristic vocabulary of the domain in question . classical methods for detecting this vocabulary involve gathering ←
→ gaussian three - dimensional kernel svm for edge detection applications ; this paper presents a novel and uniform algorithm for edge detection based on svm ( support vector machine ) with three - dimensional gaussian radial basis function with kernel . because of disadvantages in traditional edge detection such as inaccurate edge location , rough edge and careless on detect soft edge . the experimental results indicate how the svm can detect edge in efficient way . the performance of the proposed algorithm is compare ←
→ a general framework for structured sparsity via proximal optimization ; we study a generalized framework for structured sparsity . it extends the well - known methods of lasso and group lasso by incorporating additional constraints on the variables as part of a convex optimization problem . this framework provides a straightforward way of favouring prescribed sparsity patterns , such as orderings , contiguous regions and overlapping groups , among others . existing optimization methods are limited to specific const ←
→ the partner units configuration problem : completing the picture ; the partner units problem ( pup ) is an acknowledged hard benchmark problem for the logic programming community with various industrial application fields like surveillance , electrical engineering , computer networks or railway safety systems . however , computational complexity remained widely unclear so far . in this paper we provide all missing complexity results making the pup better exploitable for benchmark testing . furthermore , we present qu ←
→ an abstractive approach to question answering ; question answering has come a long way from answer sentence selection , relational qa to reading and comprehension . we move our attention to abstractive question answering by which we facilitate machine to read passages and answer questions by generating them . we frame the problem as a sequence to sequence learning where the encoder being a network that models the relation between question and passage , thereby relying solely on passage and question content to f ←
→ hybrid tractable classes of binary quantified constraint satisfaction problems ; in this paper , we investigate the hybrid tractability of binary quantified constraint satisfaction problems ( qcsps ). first , a basic tractable class of binary qcsps is identified by using the broken - triangle property . in this class , the variable ordering for the broken - triangle property must be same as that in the prefix of the qcsp . second , we break this restriction to allow that existentially quantified variables can be shif ←
→ the compilation of decision models ; we introduce and analyze the problem of the compilation of decision models from a decision - theoretic perspective . the techniques described allow us to evaluate various configurations of compiled knowledge given the nature of evidential relationships in a domain , the utilities associated with alternative actions , the costs of run - time delays , and the costs of memory . we describe procedures for selecting a subset of the total observations available to be incorporated into ←
→ automatic belief revision in sneps ; sneps is a logic - and network - based knowledge representation , reasoning , and acting system , based on a monotonic , paraconsistent , first - order term logic , with compositional intensional semantics . it has an atms - style facility for belief contraction , and an acting component , including a well - defined syntax and semantics for primitive and composite acts , as well as for `` rules '' that allow for acting in support of reasoning and reasoning in support of acting . sneps has be ←
→ sample - efficient reinforcement learning through transfer and architectural priors ; recent work in deep reinforcement learning has allowed algorithms to learn complex tasks such as atari 2600 games just from the reward provided by the game , but these algorithms presently require millions of training steps in order to learn , making them approximately five orders of magnitude slower than humans . one reason for this is that humans build robust shared representations that are applicable to collections of prob ←
→ non - stationary gaussian process regression with hamiltonian monte carlo ; we present a novel approach for fully non - stationary gaussian process regression ( gpr ), where all three key parameters -- noise variance , signal variance and lengthscale -- can be simultaneously input - dependent . we develop gradient - based inference methods to learn the unknown function and the non - stationary model parameters , without requiring any model approximations . we propose to infer full parameter posterior with hamiltonian monte ←
→ a framework for searching for general artificial intelligence ; there is a significant lack of unified approaches to building generally intelligent machines . the majority of current artificial intelligence research operates within a very narrow field of focus , frequently without considering the importance of the ' big picture '. in this document , we seek to describe and unify principles that guide the basis of our development of general artificial intelligence . these principles revolve around the idea that in ←
→ extracted social network mining ; in this paper we study the relationship between the resources of social networks by exploring the web as big data based on a simple search engine . we have used set theory by utilizing the occurrence and co - occurrence for defining the singleton or doubleton spaces of event in a search engine model , and then provided them as representation of social actors and their relationship in clusters . thus , there are behaviors of social actors and their relation based on web .←
→ learning to gather without communication ; a standard belief on emerging collective behavior is that it emerges from simple individual rules . most of the mathematical research on such collective behavior starts from imperative individual rules , like always go to the center . but how could an ( optimal ) individual rule emerge during a short period within the group lifetime , especially if communication is not available . we argue that such rules can actually emerge in a group in a short span of time via collecti ←
→ graph based manifold regularized deep neural networks for automatic speech recognition ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have been successfully applied to a wide variety of acoustic modeling tasks in recent years . these include the applications of dnns either in a discriminative feature extraction or in a hybrid acoustic modeling scenario . despite the rapid progress in this area , a number of challenges remain in training dnns . this paper presents an effective way of training dnns using a manifold learning bas ←
→ wavelet - based mel - frequency cepstral coefficients for speaker identification using hidden markov models ; to improve the performance of speaker identification systems , an effective and robust method is proposed to extract speech features , capable of operating in noisy environment . based on the time - frequency multi - resolution property of wavelet transform , the input speech signal is decomposed into various frequency channels . for capturing the characteristic of the signal , the mel - frequency cepstral coeffi ←
→ infovae : information maximizing variational autoencoders ; it has been previously observed that variational autoencoders tend to ignore the latent code when combined with a decoding distribution that is too flexible . this undermines the purpose of unsupervised representation learning . in this paper , we additionally show that existing training criteria can lead to extremely poor amortized inference distributions and overestimation of the posterior variance , even when trained to optimality . we identify the re ←
→ improving power generation efficiency using deep neural networks ; recently there has been significant research on power generation , distribution and transmission efficiency especially in the case of renewable resources . the main objective is reduction of energy losses and this requires improvements on data acquisition and analysis . in this paper we address these concerns by using consumers ' electrical smart meter readings to estimate network loading and this information can then be used for better capacity ←
→ adaptive objectness for object tracking ; object tracking is a long standing problem in vision . while great efforts have been spent to improve tracking performance , a simple yet reliable prior knowledge is left unexploited : the target object in tracking must be an object other than non - object . the recently proposed and popularized objectness measure provides a natural way to model such prior in visual tracking . thus motivated , in this paper we propose to adapt objectness for visual object tracking . instead ←
→ punfields at semeval - 2017 task 7 : employing roget ' s thesaurus in automatic pun recognition and interpretation ; the article describes a model of automatic interpretation of english puns , based on roget ' s thesaurus , and its implementation , punfields . in a pun , the algorithm discovers two groups of words that belong to two main semantic fields . the fields become a semantic vector based on which an svm classifier learns to recognize puns . a rule - based model is then applied for recognition of intentionally am ←
→ learning nested sparse structures in deep neural networks ; recently , there have been increasing demands to construct compact deep architectures to remove unnecessary redundancy and to improve the inference speed . while many recent works focus on reducing the redundancy by eliminating unneeded weight parameters , it is not possible to apply a single deep architecture for multiple devices with different resources . when a new device or circumstantial condition requires a new deep architecture , it is necessary ←
→ a simulated annealing approach to optimal storing in a multi - level warehouse ; we propose a simulated annealing algorithm specifically tailored to optimise total retrieval times in a multi - level warehouse under complex pre - batched picking constraints . experiments on real data from a picker - to - parts order picking process in the warehouse of a european manufacturer show that optimal storage assignments do not necessarily display features presumed in heuristics , such as clustering of positively correlated it ←
→ a separation theorem for chain event graphs ; bayesian networks ( bns ) are popular graphical models for the representation of statistical problems embodying dependence relationships between a number of variables . much of this popularity is due to the d - separation theorem of pearl and lauritzen , which allows an analyst to identify the conditional independence statements that a model of the problem embodies using only the topology of the graph . however for many problems the complete model dependence structure ←
→ does restraining end effect matter in emd - based modeling framework for time series prediction ? some experimental evidences ; following the " decomposition - and - ensemble " principle , the empirical mode decomposition ( emd )- based modeling framework has been widely used as a promising alternative for nonlinear and nonstationary time series modeling and prediction . the end effect , which occurs during the sifting process of emd and is apt to distort the decomposed sub - series and hurt the modeling process followed ,←
→ high five : improving gesture recognition by embracing uncertainty ; sensors on mobile devices --- accelerometers , gyroscopes , pressure meters , and gps --- invite new applications in gesture recognition , gaming , and fitness tracking . however , programming them remains challenging because human gestures captured by sensors are noisy . this paper illustrates that noisy gestures degrade training and classification accuracy for gesture recognition in state - of - the - art deterministic hidden markov models ( hmm ). we introd ←
→ deep super learner : a deep ensemble for classification problems ; deep learning has become very popular for tasks such as predictive modeling and pattern recognition in handling big data . deep learning is a powerful machine learning method that extracts lower level features and feeds them forward for the next layer to identify higher level features that improve performance . however , deep neural networks have drawbacks , which include many hyper - parameters and infinite architectures , opaqueness into results , ←
→ selective deep convolutional features for image retrieval ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is a very powerful approach to extract discriminative local descriptors for effective image search . recent work adopts fine - tuned strategies to further improve the discriminative power of the descriptors . taking a different approach , in this paper , we propose a novel framework to achieve competitive retrieval performance . firstly , we propose various masking schemes , namely sift - mask , sum - mask , and max - mask , to sel ←
→ a cross entropy based optimization algorithm with global convergence guarantees ; the cross entropy ( ce ) method is a model based search method to solve optimization problems where the objective function has minimal structure . the monte - carlo version of the ce method employs the naive sample averaging technique which is inefficient , both computationally and space wise . we provide a novel stochastic approximation version of the ce method , where the sample averaging is replaced with incremental geometric ave ←
→ on structured sparsity of phonological posteriors for linguistic parsing ; the speech signal conveys information on different time scales from short time scale or segmental , associated to phonological and phonetic information to long time scale or supra segmental , associated to syllabic and prosodic information . linguistic and neurocognitive studies recognize the phonological classes at segmental level as the essential and invariant representations used in speech temporal organization . in the context of spe ←
→ recurrent memory networks for language modeling ; recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) have obtained excellent result in many natural language processing ( nlp ) tasks . however , understanding and interpreting the source of this success remains a challenge . in this paper , we propose recurrent memory network ( rmn ), a novel rnn architecture , that not only amplifies the power of rnn but also facilitates our understanding of its internal functioning and allows us to discover underlying patterns in data . we demonstrate ←
→ thematically reinforced explicit semantic analysis ; we present an extended , thematically reinforced version of gabrilovich and markovitch ' s explicit semantic analysis ( esa ), where we obtain thematic information through the category structure of wikipedia . for this we first define a notion of categorical tfidf which measures the relevance of terms in categories . using this measure as a weight we calculate a maximal spanning tree of the wikipedia corpus considered as a directed graph of pages and categories .←
→ on quadratic convergence of dc proximal newton algorithm for nonconvex sparse learning in high dimensions ; we propose a dc proximal newton algorithm for solving nonconvex regularized sparse learning problems in high dimensions . our proposed algorithm integrates the proximal newton algorithm with multi - stage convex relaxation based on the difference of convex ( dc ) programming , and enjoys both strong computational and statistical guarantees . specifically , by leveraging a sophisticated characterization of s ←
→ a mixed graphical model for rhythmic parsing ; a method is presented for the rhythmic parsing problem : given a sequence of observed musical note onset times , we estimate the corresponding notated rhythm and tempo process . a graphical model is developed that represents the simultaneous evolution of tempo and rhythm and relates these hidden quantities to observations . the rhythm variables are discrete and the tempo and observation variables are continuous . we show how to compute the globally most likely confi ←
→ multi - level and multi - scale feature aggregation using pre - trained convolutional neural networks for music auto - tagging ; music auto - tagging is often handled in a similar manner to image classification by regarding the 2d audio spectrogram as image data . however , music auto - tagging is distinguished from image classification in that the tags are highly diverse and have different levels of abstractions . considering this issue , we propose a convolutional neural networks ( cnn )- based architecture that embraces ←
→ sherlock : scalable fact learning in images ; we study scalable and uniform understanding of facts in images . existing visual recognition systems are typically modeled differently for each fact type such as objects , actions , and interactions . we propose a setting where all these facts can be modeled simultaneously with a capacity to understand unbounded number of facts in a structured way . the training data comes as structured facts in images , including ( 1 ) objects ( e . g ., $<$ boy $>$), ( 2 ) attributes ( e . g ., $<←
→ adaptive compressed 3d imaging based on wavelet trees and hadamard multiplexing with a single photon counting detector ; photon counting 3d imaging allows to obtain 3d images with single - photon sensitivity and sub - ns temporal resolution . however , it is challenging to scale to high spatial resolution . in this work , we demonstrate a photon counting 3d imaging technique with short - pulsed structured illumination and a single - pixel photon counting detector . the proposed multi - resolution photon counting 3d imag ←
→ when vlad met hilbert ; vectors of locally aggregated descriptors ( vlad ) have emerged as powerful image / video representations that compete with or even outperform state - of - the - art approaches on many challenging visual recognition tasks . in this paper , we address two fundamental limitations of vlad : its requirement for the local descriptors to have vector form and its restriction to linear classifiers due to its high - dimensionality . to this end , we introduce a kernelized version of vlad . this not only lets u ←
→ data mining of causal relations from text : analysing maritime accident investigation reports ; text mining is a process of extracting information of interest from text . such a method includes techniques from various areas such as information retrieval ( ir ), natural language processing ( nlp ), and information extraction ( ie ). in this study , text mining methods are applied to extract causal relations from maritime accident investigation reports collected from the marine accident investigation branch ( maib ). ←
→ pac - bayesian inequalities for martingales ; we present a set of high - probability inequalities that control the concentration of weighted averages of multiple ( possibly uncountably many ) simultaneously evolving and interdependent martingales . our results extend the pac - bayesian analysis in learning theory from the i . i . d . setting to martingales opening the way for its application to importance weighted sampling , reinforcement learning , and other interactive learning domains , as well as many other domains in p ←
→ fitness landscape - based characterisation of nature - inspired algorithms ; a significant challenge in nature - inspired algorithmics is the identification of specific characteristics of problems that make them harder ( or easier ) to solve using specific methods . the hope is that , by identifying these characteristics , we may more easily predict which algorithms are best - suited to problems sharing certain features . here , we approach this problem using fitness landscape analysis . techniques already exist for measur ←
→ dance dance convolution ; dance dance revolution ( ddr ) is a popular rhythm - based video game . players perform steps on a dance platform in synchronization with music as directed by on - screen step charts . while many step charts are available in standardized packs , players may grow tired of existing charts , or wish to dance to a song for which no chart exists . we introduce the task of learning to choreograph . given a raw audio track , the goal is to produce a new step chart . this task decomposes naturally into ←
→ jesc : japanese - english subtitle corpus ; in this paper we describe the japanese - english subtitle corpus ( jesc ). jesc is a large japanese - english parallel corpus covering the underrepresented domain of conversational dialogue . it consists of more than 3 . 2 million examples , making it the largest freely available dataset of its kind . the corpus was assembled by crawling and aligning subtitles found on the web . the assembly process incorporates a number of novel preprocessing elements to ensure high monolingual ←
→ alice : towards understanding adversarial learning for joint distribution matching ; we investigate the non - identifiability issues associated with bidirectional adversarial training for joint distribution matching . within a framework of conditional entropy , we propose both adversarial and non - adversarial approaches to learn desirable matched joint distributions for unsupervised and supervised tasks . we unify a broad family of adversarial models as joint distribution matching problems . our approach stabiliz ←
→ solarisnet : a deep regression network for solar radiation prediction ; effective utilization of photovoltaic ( pv ) plants requires weather variability robust global solar radiation ( gsr ) forecasting models . random weather turbulence phenomena coupled with assumptions of clear sky model as suggested by hottel pose significant challenges to parametric & non - parametric models in gsr conversion rate estimation . also , a decent gsr estimate requires costly high - tech radiometer and expert dependent instrument handl ←
→ properties of sparse distributed representations and their application to hierarchical temporal memory ; empirical evidence demonstrates that every region of the neocortex represents information using sparse activity patterns . this paper examines sparse distributed representations ( sdrs ), the primary information representation strategy in hierarchical temporal memory ( htm ) systems and the neocortex . we derive a number of properties that are core to scaling , robustness , and generalization . we use the theor ←
→ deep echo state networks for diagnosis of parkinson ' s disease ; in this paper , we introduce a novel approach for diagnosis of parkinson ' s disease ( pd ) based on deep echo state networks ( esns ). the identification of pd is performed by analyzing the whole time - series collected from a tablet device during the sketching of spiral tests , without the need for feature extraction and data preprocessing . we evaluated the proposed approach on a public dataset of spiral tests . the results of experimental analysis show ←
→ active learning for online recognition of human activities from streaming videos ; recognising human activities from streaming videos poses unique challenges to learning algorithms : predictive models need to be scalable , incrementally trainable , and must remain bounded in size even when the data stream is arbitrarily long . furthermore , as parameter tuning is problematic in a streaming setting , suitable approaches should be parameterless , and make no assumptions on what class labels may occur in the stream ←
→ complexity analysis for algorithmically simple strings ; given a reference computer , kolmogorov complexity is a well defined function on all binary strings . in the standard approach , however , only the asymptotic properties of such functions are considered because they do not depend on the reference computer . we argue that this approach can be more useful if it is refined to include an important practical case of simple binary strings . kolmogorov complexity calculus may be developed for this case if we restr ←
→ the sealion has landed : an ide for answer - set programming --- preliminary report ; we report about the current state and designated features of the tool sealion , aimed to serve as an integrated development environment ( ide ) for answer - set programming ( asp ). a main goal of sealion is to provide a user - friendly environment for supporting a developer to write , evaluate , debug , and test answer - set programs . to this end , new support techniques have to be developed that suit the requirements of the answer - set sem ←
→ difference of convex functions programming applied to control with expert data ; this paper reports applications of difference of convex functions ( dc ) programming to learning from demonstrations ( lfd ) and reinforcement learning ( rl ) with expert data . this is made possible because the norm of the optimal bellman residual ( obr ), which is at the heart of many rl and lfd algorithms , is dc . improvement in performance is demonstrated on two specific algorithms , namely reward - regularized classification for appr ←
→ distributed graph coloring : an approach based on the calling behavior of japanese tree frogs ; graph coloring , also known as vertex coloring , considers the problem of assigning colors to the nodes of a graph such that adjacent nodes do not share the same color . the optimization version of the problem concerns the minimization of the number of used colors . in this paper we deal with the problem of finding valid colorings of graphs in a distributed way , that is , by means of an algorithm that only uses local ←
→ dynamic policy programming ; in this paper , we propose a novel policy iteration method , called dynamic policy programming ( dpp ), to estimate the optimal policy in the infinite - horizon markov decision processes . we prove the finite - iteration and asymptotic l \ infty - norm performance - loss bounds for dpp in the presence of approximation / estimation error . the bounds are expressed in terms of the l \ infty - norm of the average accumulated error as opposed to the l \ infty - norm of the error in the case of the standard a ←
→ medical synonym extraction with concept space models ; in this paper , we present a novel approach for medical synonym extraction . we aim to integrate the term embedding with the medical domain knowledge for healthcare applications . one advantage of our method is that it is very scalable . experiments on a dataset with more than 1m term pairs show that the proposed approach outperforms the baseline approaches by a large margin .←
→ directed expected utility networks ; a variety of statistical graphical models have been defined to represent the conditional independences underlying a random vector of interest . similarly , many different graphs embedding various types of preferential independences , as for example conditional utility independence and generalized additive independence , have more recently started to appear . in this paper we define a new graphical model , called a directed expected utility network , whose edges depict both prob ←
→ learning data manifolds with a cutting plane method ; we consider the problem of classifying data manifolds where each manifold represents invariances that are parameterized by continuous degrees of freedom . conventional data augmentation methods rely upon sampling large numbers of training examples from these manifolds ; instead , we propose an iterative algorithm called m_ { cp } based upon a cutting - plane approach that efficiently solves a quadratic semi - infinite programming problem to find the maximum margin ←
→ adacluster : adaptive clustering for heterogeneous data ; clustering algorithms start with a fixed divergence , which captures the possibly asymmetric distance between a sample and a centroid . in the mixture model setting , the sample distribution plays the same role . when all attributes have the same topology and dispersion , the data are said to be homogeneous . if the prior knowledge of the distribution is inaccurate or the set of plausible distributions is large , an adaptive approach is essential . the motiv ←
→ self - normalizing neural networks ; deep learning has revolutionized vision via convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) and natural language processing via recurrent neural networks ( rnns ). however , success stories of deep learning with standard feed - forward neural networks ( fnns ) are rare . fnns that perform well are typically shallow and , therefore cannot exploit many levels of abstract representations . we introduce self - normalizing neural networks ( snns ) to enable high - level abstract representations . while ba ←
→ stable - unstable semantics : beyond np with normal logic programs ; standard answer set programming ( asp ) targets at solving search problems from the first level of the polynomial time hierarchy ( ph ). tackling search problems beyond np using asp is less straightforward . the class of disjunctive logic programs offers the most prominent way of reaching the second level of the ph , but encoding respective hard problems as disjunctive programs typically requires sophisticated techniques such as saturation or meta -←
→ data - efficient learning of feedback policies from image pixels using deep dynamical models ; data - efficient reinforcement learning ( rl ) in continuous state - action spaces using very high - dimensional observations remains a key challenge in developing fully autonomous systems . we consider a particularly important instance of this challenge , the pixels - to - torques problem , where an rl agent learns a closed - loop control policy (" torques ") from pixel information only . we introduce a data - efficient , model - based r ←
→ combining evaluation metrics via the unanimous improvement ratio and its application to clustering tasks ; many artificial intelligence tasks cannot be evaluated with a single quality criterion and some sort of weighted combination is needed to provide system rankings . a problem of weighted combination measures is that slight changes in the relative weights may produce substantial changes in the system rankings . this paper introduces the unanimous improvement ratio ( uir ), a measure that complements standa ←
→ a combinatorial optimisation approach to designing dual - parented long - reach passive optical networks ; we present an application focused on the design of resilient long - reach passive optical networks . we specifically consider dual - parented networks whereby each customer must be connected to two metro sites via local exchange sites . an important property of such a placement is resilience to single metro node failure . the objective of the application is to determine the optimal position of a set of metro no ←
→ an algorithm for training polynomial networks ; we consider deep neural networks , in which the output of each node is a quadratic function of its inputs . similar to other deep architectures , these networks can compactly represent any function on a finite training set . the main goal of this paper is the derivation of an efficient layer - by - layer algorithm for training such networks , which we denote as the \ emph { basis learner }. the algorithm is a universal learner in the sense that the training error is guaran ←
→ learning the curriculum with bayesian optimization for task - specific word representation learning ; we use bayesian optimization to learn curricula for word representation learning , optimizing performance on downstream tasks that depend on the learned representations as features . the curricula are modeled by a linear ranking function which is the scalar product of a learned weight vector and an engineered feature vector that characterizes the different aspects of the complexity of each instance in the tra ←
→ zero - shot recognition using dual visual - semantic mapping paths ; zero - shot recognition aims to accurately recognize objects of unseen classes by using a shared visual - semantic mapping between the image feature space and the semantic embedding space . this mapping is learned on training data of seen classes and is expected to have transfer ability to unseen classes . in this paper , we tackle this problem by exploiting the intrinsic relationship between the semantic space manifold and the transfer ability of vi ←
→ towards blended reactive planning and acting using behavior trees ; in this paper , we study the problem of using a planning algorithm to automatically create and update a behavior tree ( bt ), controlling a robot in a dynamic environment . exploiting the characteristic of bts , in terms of modularity and reactivity , the robot continually acts and plans to achieve a given goal using a set of abstract actions and conditions . the construction of the bt is based on an extension of the hybrid backward - forward algori ←
→ switching to learn ; a network of agents attempt to learn some unknown state of the world drawn by nature from a finite set . agents observe private signals conditioned on the true state , and form beliefs about the unknown state accordingly . each agent may face an identification problem in the sense that she cannot distinguish the truth in isolation . however , by communicating with each other , agents are able to benefit from side observations to learn the truth collectively . unlike many distributed algorithms ←
→ committee - based sample selection for probabilistic classifiers ; in many real - world learning tasks , it is expensive to acquire a sufficient number of labeled examples for training . this paper investigates methods for reducing annotation cost by ` sample selection '. in this approach , during training the learning program examines many unlabeled examples and selects for labeling only those that are most informative at each stage . this avoids redundantly labeling examples that contribute little new information . ←
→ analysis of a design pattern for teaching with features and labels ; we study the task of teaching a machine to classify objects using features and labels . we introduce the error - driven - featuring design pattern for teaching using features and labels in which a teacher prefers to introduce features only if they are needed . we analyze the potential risks and benefits of this teaching pattern through the use of teaching protocols , illustrative examples , and by providing bounds on the effort required for an opt ←
→ znn - a fast and scalable algorithm for training 3d convolutional networks on multi - core and many - core shared memory machines ; convolutional networks ( convnets ) have become a popular approach to computer vision . it is important to accelerate convnet training , which is computationally costly . we propose a novel parallel algorithm based on decomposition into a set of tasks , most of which are convolutions or ffts . applying brent ' s theorem to the task dependency graph implies that linear speedup with the num ←
→ memory retrieval in the b - matrix neural network ; this paper is an extension to the memory retrieval procedure of the b - matrix approach [ 6 ],[ 17 ] to neural network learning . the b - matrix is a part of the interconnection matrix generated from the hebbian neural network , and in memory retrieval , the b - matrix is clamped with a small fragment of the memory . the fragment gradually enlarges by means of feedback , until the entire vector is obtained . in this paper , we propose the use of delta learning to enhance the ←
→ evolutionary multi - stage financial scenario tree generation ; multi - stage financial decision optimization under uncertainty depends on a careful numerical approximation of the underlying stochastic process , which describes the future returns of the selected assets or asset categories . various approaches towards an optimal generation of discrete - time , discrete - state approximations ( represented as scenario trees ) have been suggested in the literature . in this paper , a new evolutionary algorithm to create scen ←
→ gslicr : slic superpixels at over 250hz ; we introduce a parallel gpu implementation of the simple linear iterative clustering ( slic ) superpixel segmentation . using a single graphic card , our implementation achieves speedups of up to $ 83 \ times $ from the standard sequential implementation . our implementation is fully compatible with the standard sequential implementation and the software is now available online and is open source .←
→ quasi - recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks are a powerful tool for modeling sequential data , but the dependence of each timestep ' s computation on the previous timestep ' s output limits parallelism and makes rnns unwieldy for very long sequences . we introduce quasi - recurrent neural networks ( qrnns ), an approach to neural sequence modeling that alternates convolutional layers , which apply in parallel across timesteps , and a minimalist recurrent pooling function that applies in parallel across ←
→ cast and self shadow segmentation in video sequences using interval based eigen value representation ; tracking of motion objects in the surveillance videos is useful for the monitoring and analysis . the performance of the surveillance system will deteriorate when shadows are detected as moving objects . therefore , shadow detection and elimination usually benefits the next stages . to overcome this issue , a method for detection and elimination of shadows is proposed . this paper presents a method for segment ←
→ derivation of the asymptotic eigenvalue distribution for causal 2d - ar models under upscaling ; this technical report describes the derivation of the asymptotic eigenvalue distribution for causal 2d - ar models under an upscaling scenario . specifically , it tackles the analytical derivation of the asymptotic eigenvalue distribution of the sample autocorrelation matrix corresponding to genuine and upscaled images . it also includes the pseudocode of the derived approaches for resampling detection and resampling ←
→ a maturity model for public administration as open translation data providers ; any public administration that produces translation data can be a provider of useful reusable data to meet its own translation needs and the ones of other public organizations and private companies that work with texts of the same domain . these data can also be crucial to produce domain - tuned machine translation systems . the organization ' s management of the translation process , the characteristics of the archives of the genera ←
→ beyond description . comment on " approaching human language with complex networks " by cong & liu ; comment on " approaching human language with complex networks " by cong & liu ←
→ sistema de navegação autônomo baseado em visão computacional ; autonomous robots are used as the tool to solve many kinds of problems , such as environmental mapping and monitoring . either for adverse conditions related to the human presence or even for the need to reduce costs , it is certain that many efforts have been made to develop robots with an increasingly high level of autonomy . they must be capable of locomotion through dynamic environments , without human operators or assistant systems ' help . it is ←
→ dropout sampling for robust object detection in open - set conditions ; dropout variational inference , or dropout sampling , has been recently proposed as an approximation technique for bayesian deep learning and evaluated for image classification and regression tasks . this paper investigates the utility of dropout sampling for object detection for the first time . we demonstrate how label uncertainty can be extracted from a state - of - the - art object detection system via dropout sampling . we show that this uncert ←
→ coding local and global binary visual features extracted from video sequences ; binary local features represent an effective alternative to real - valued descriptors , leading to comparable results for many visual analysis tasks , while being characterized by significantly lower computational complexity and memory requirements . when dealing with large collections , a more compact representation based on global features is often preferred , which can be obtained from local features by means of , e . g ., the bag - of -←
→ rferns : an implementation of the random ferns method for general - purpose machine learning ; in this paper i present an extended implementation of the random ferns algorithm contained in the r package rferns . it differs from the original by the ability of consuming categorical and numerical attributes instead of only binary ones . also , instead of using simple attribute subspace ensemble it employs bagging and thus produce error approximation and variable importance measure modelled after random forest algo ←
→ accelerated convolutions for efficient multi - scale time to contact computation in julia ; convolutions have long been regarded as fundamental to applied mathematics , physics and engineering . their mathematical elegance allows for common tasks such as numerical differentiation to be computed efficiently on large data sets . efficient computation of convolutions is critical to artificial intelligence in real - time applications , like machine vision , where convolutions must be continuously and efficiently compu ←
→ tableaux for dynamic logic of propositional assignments ; the dynamic logic for propositional assignments ( dl - pa ) has recently been studied as an alternative to propositional dynamic logic ( pdl ). in dl - pa , the abstract atomic programs of pdl are replaced by assignments of propositional variables to truth values . this makes dl - pa enjoy some interesting meta - logical properties that pdl does not , such as eliminability of the kleene star , compactness and interpolation . we define and analytic tableaux calculus f ←
→ efficient task collaboration with execution uncertainty ; we study a general task allocation problem , involving multiple agents that collaboratively accomplish tasks and where agents may fail to successfully complete the tasks assigned to them ( known as execution uncertainty ). the goal is to choose an allocation that maximises social welfare while taking their execution uncertainty into account . we show that this can be achieved by using the post - execution verification ( pev )- based mechanism if and only if a ←
→ on the min - cost traveling salesman problem with drone ; once known to be used exclusively in military domain , unmanned aerial vehicles ( drones ) have stepped up to become a part of new logistic method in commercial sector called " last - mile delivery ". in this novel approach , small unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav ), also known as drones , are deployed alongside with trucks to deliver goods to customers in order to improve the service quality or reduce the transportation cost . it gives rise to a new variant of the ←
→ fast k - best sentence compression ; a popular approach to sentence compression is to formulate the task as a constrained optimization problem and solve it with integer linear programming ( ilp ) tools . unfortunately , dependence on ilp may make the compressor prohibitively slow , and thus approximation techniques have been proposed which are often complex and offer a moderate gain in speed . as an alternative solution , we introduce a novel compression algorithm which generates k - best compressions relying on local ←
→ dynamic nonlocal language modeling via hierarchical topic - based adaptation ; this paper presents a novel method of generating and applying hierarchical , dynamic topic - based language models . it proposes and evaluates new cluster generation , hierarchical smoothing and adaptive topic - probability estimation techniques . these combined models help capture long - distance lexical dependencies . experiments on the broadcast news corpus show significant improvement in perplexity ( 10 . 5 % overall and 33 . 5 % on target voc ←
→ learning hmms with nonparametric emissions via spectral decompositions of continuous matrices ; recently , there has been a surge of interest in using spectral methods for estimating latent variable models . however , it is usually assumed that the distribution of the observations conditioned on the latent variables is either discrete or belongs to a parametric family . in this paper , we study the estimation of an $ m $- state hidden markov model ( hmm ) with only smoothness assumptions , such as h \" olderian condit ←
→ a biomimetic approach based on immune systems for classification of unstructured data ; in this paper we present the results of unstructured data clustering in this case a textual data from reuters 21578 corpus with a new biomimetic approach using immune system . before experimenting our immune system , we digitalized textual data by the n - grams approach . the novelty lies on hybridization of n - grams and immune systems for clustering . the experimental results show that the recommended ideas are promising and ←
→ the basic kak neural network with complex inputs ; the kak family of neural networks is able to learn patterns quickly , and this speed of learning can be a decisive advantage over other competing models in many applications . amongst the implementations of these networks are those using reconfigurable networks , fpgas and optical networks . in some applications , it is useful to use complex data , and it is with that in mind that this introduction to the basic kak network with complex inputs is being presented . ←
→ the minimum information principle for discriminative learning ; exponential models of distributions are widely used in machine learning for classiffication and modelling . it is well known that they can be interpreted as maximum entropy models under empirical expectation constraints . in this work , we argue that for classiffication tasks , mutual information is a more suitable information theoretic measure to be optimized . we show how the principle of minimum mutual information generalizes that of maximum entr ←
→ learning generalized reactive policies using deep neural networks ; we consider the problem of learning for planning , where knowledge acquired while planning is reused to plan faster in new problem instances . for robotic tasks , among others , plan execution can be captured as a sequence of visual images . for such domains , we propose to use deep neural networks in learning for planning , based on learning a reactive policy that imitates execution traces produced by a planner . we investigate architectural prope ←
→ photographic dataset : random peppercorns ; this is a photographic dataset collected for testing image processing algorithms . the idea is to have sets of different but statistically similar images . in this work the images show randomly distributed peppercorns . the dataset is made available at www . fips . fi / photographic_dataset . php .←
→ location name extraction from targeted text streams using gazetteer - based statistical language models ; extracting location names from informal and unstructured texts requires the identification of referent boundaries and partitioning of compound names in the presence of variation in location referents . instead of analyzing semantic , syntactic , and / or orthographic features , our location name extraction tool ( lnex ) exploits a region - specific statistical language model to evaluate an observed n - gram in twit ←
→ resolution of verb ellipsis in japanese sentence using surface expressions and examples ; verbs are sometimes omitted in japanese sentences . it is necessary to recover omitted verbs for purposes of language understanding , machine translation , and conversational processing . this paper describes a practical way to recover omitted verbs by using surface expressions and examples . we experimented the resolution of verb ellipses by using this information , and obtained a recall rate of 73 % and a precision rate o ←
→ using deep learning and google street view to estimate the demographic makeup of the us ; the united states spends more than $ 1b each year on initiatives such as the american community survey ( acs ), a labor - intensive door - to - door study that measures statistics relating to race , gender , education , occupation , unemployment , and other demographic factors . although a comprehensive source of data , the lag between demographic changes and their appearance in the acs can exceed half a decade . as digital imagery b ←
→ fast black - box variational inference through stochastic trust - region optimization ; we introduce trustvi , a fast second - order algorithm for black - box variational inference based on trust - region optimization and the reparameterization trick . at each iteration , trustvi proposes and assesses a step based on minibatches of draws from the variational distribution . the algorithm provably converges to a stationary point . we implemented trustvi in the stan framework and compared it to two alternatives : automatic ←
→ how useful is region - based classification of remote sensing images in a deep learning framework ? ; in this paper , we investigate the impact of segmentation algorithms as a preprocessing step for classification of remote sensing images in a deep learning framework . especially , we address the issue of segmenting the image into regions to be classified using pre - trained deep neural networks as feature extractors for an svm - based classifier . an efficient segmentation as a preprocessing step helps learning by ←
→ towards a model theory for distributed representations ; distributed representations ( such as those based on embeddings ) and discrete representations ( such as those based on logic ) have complementary strengths . we explore one possible approach to combining these two kinds of representations . we present a model theory / semantics for first order logic based on vectors of reals . we describe the model theory , discuss some interesting properties of such a system and present a simple approach to query answering .←
→ security evaluation of support vector machines in adversarial environments ; support vector machines ( svms ) are among the most popular classification techniques adopted in security applications like malware detection , intrusion detection , and spam filtering . however , if svms are to be incorporated in real - world security systems , they must be able to cope with attack patterns that can either mislead the learning algorithm ( poisoning ), evade detection ( evasion ), or gain information about their internal para ←
→ toric grammars : a new statistical approach to natural language modeling ; we propose a new statistical model for computational linguistics . rather than trying to estimate directly the probability distribution of a random sentence of the language , we define a markov chain on finite sets of sentences with many finite recurrent communicating classes and define our language model as the invariant probability measures of the chain on each recurrent communicating class . this markov chain , that we call a communica ←
→ improving orbit prediction accuracy through supervised machine learning ; due to the lack of information such as the space environment condition and resident space objects ' ( rsos ') body characteristics , current orbit predictions that are solely grounded on physics - based models may fail to achieve required accuracy for collision avoidance and have led to satellite collisions already . this paper presents a methodology to predict rsos ' trajectories with higher accuracy than that of the current methods . inspire ←
→ learning in auctions : regret is hard , envy is easy ; a line of recent work provides welfare guarantees of simple combinatorial auction formats , such as selling m items via simultaneous second price auctions ( sispas ) ( christodoulou et al . 2008 , bhawalkar and roughgarden 2011 , feldman et al . 2013 ). these guarantees hold even when the auctions are repeatedly executed and players use no - regret learning algorithms . unfortunately , off - the - shelf no - regret algorithms for these auctions are computationally inefficie ←
→ boostjet : towards combining statistical aggregates with neural embeddings for recommendations ; recommenders have become widely popular in recent years because of their broader applicability in many e - commerce applications . these applications rely on recommenders for generating advertisements for various offers or providing content recommendations . however , the quality of the generated recommendations depends on user features ( like demography , temporality ), offer features ( like popularity , price ), and use ←
→ end - to - end sequence labeling via bi - directional lstm - cnns - crf ; state - of - the - art sequence labeling systems traditionally require large amounts of task - specific knowledge in the form of hand - crafted features and data pre - processing . in this paper , we introduce a novel neutral network architecture that benefits from both word - and character - level representations automatically , by using combination of bidirectional lstm , cnn and crf . our system is truly end - to - end , requiring no feature engineering or data pre -←
→ exact bayesian inference for off - line change - point detection in tree - structured graphical models ; we consider the problem of change - point detection in multivariate time - series . the multivariate distribution of the observations is supposed to follow a graphical model , whose graph and parameters are affected by abrupt changes throughout time . we demonstrate that it is possible to perform exact bayesian inference whenever one considers a simple class of undirected graphs called spanning trees as possible st ←
→ optimal structure and parameter learning of ising models ; reconstruction of structure and parameters of an ising model from binary samples is a problem of practical importance in a variety of disciplines , ranging from statistical physics and computational biology to image processing and machine learning . the focus of the research community shifted towards developing universal reconstruction algorithms which are both computationally efficient and require the minimal amount of expensive data . we introduce a ←
→ a new registration approach for dynamic analysis of calcium signals in organs ; wing disc pouches of fruit flies are a powerful genetic model for studying physiological intercellular calcium ($ ca ^{ 2 +}$) signals for dynamic analysis of cell signaling in organ development and disease studies . a key to analyzing spatial - temporal patterns of $ ca ^{ 2 +}$ signal waves is to accurately align the pouches across image sequences . however , pouches in different image frames may exhibit extensive intensity oscillations ←
→ detecting semantic parts on partially occluded objects ; in this paper , we address the task of detecting semantic parts on partially occluded objects . we consider a scenario where the model is trained using non - occluded images but tested on occluded images . the motivation is that there are infinite number of occlusion patterns in real world , which cannot be fully covered in the training data . so the models should be inherently robust and adaptive to occlusions instead of fitting / learning the occlusion pat ←
→ non - convex cost functionals in boosting algorithms and methods for panel selection ; in this document we propose a new improvement for boosting techniques as proposed in friedman ' 99 by the use of non - convex cost functional . the idea is to introduce a correlation term to better deal with forecasting of additive time series . the problem is discussed in a theoretical way to prove the existence of minimizing sequence , and in a numerical way to propose a new " argmin " algorithm . the model has been used to perf ←
→ detection algorithms for communication systems using deep learning ; the design and analysis of communication systems typically rely on the development of mathematical models that describe the underlying communication channel , which dictates the relationship between the transmitted and the received signals . however , in some systems , such as molecular communication systems where chemical signals are used for transfer of information , it is not possible to accurately model this relationship . in these scenarios ←
→ theoretical properties of the overlapping groups lasso ; we present two sets of theoretical results on the grouped lasso with overlap of jacob , obozinski and vert ( 2009 ) in the linear regression setting . this method allows for joint selection of predictors in sparse regression , allowing for complex structured sparsity over the predictors encoded as a set of groups . this flexible framework suggests that arbitrarily complex structures can be encoded with an intricate set of groups . our results show that this ←
→ from source to target and back : symmetric bi - directional adaptive gan ; the effectiveness of generative adversarial approaches in producing images according to a specific style or visual domain has recently opened new directions to solve the unsupervised domain adaptation problem . it has been shown that source labeled images can be modified to mimic target samples making it possible to train directly a classifier in the target domain , despite the original lack of annotated data . inverse mappings from the ta ←
→ the gtr - model : a universal framework for quantum - like measurements ; we present a very general geometrico - dynamical description of physical or more abstract entities , called the ' general tension - reduction ' ( gtr ) model , where not only states , but also measurement - interactions can be represented , and the associated outcome probabilities calculated . underlying the model is the hypothesis that indeterminism manifests as a consequence of unavoidable fluctuations in the experimental context , in accordance with th ←
→ nddr - cnn : layer - wise feature fusing in multi - task cnn by neural discriminative dimensionality reduction ; state - of - the - art convolutional neural network ( cnn ) benefits much from multi - task learning ( mtl ), which learns multiple related tasks simultaneously to obtain shared or mutually related representations for different tasks . the most widely used mtl cnn structure is based on an empirical or heuristic split on a specific layer ( e . g ., the last convolutional layer ) to minimize multiple task - specific losses ←
→ regularized residual quantization : a multi - layer sparse dictionary learning approach ; the residual quantization ( rq ) framework is revisited where the quantization distortion is being successively reduced in multi - layers . inspired by the reverse - water - filling paradigm in rate - distortion theory , an efficient regularization on the variances of the codewords is introduced which allows to extend the rq for very large numbers of layers and also for high dimensional data , without getting over - trained . the propo ←
→ local optimality and generalization guarantees for the langevin algorithm via empirical metastability ; we study the detailed path - wise behavior of the discrete - time langevin algorithm for non - convex empirical risk minimization ( erm ) through the lens of metastability , adopting some techniques from berglund and gentz . for a particular local optimum of the empirical risk , with an arbitrary initialization , we show that , with high probability , one of the two mutually exclusive events will occur : either the ←
→ fast separable non - local means ; we propose a simple and fast algorithm called patchlift for computing distances between patches ( contiguous block of samples ) extracted from a given one - dimensional signal . patchlift is based on the observation that the patch distances can be efficiently computed from a matrix that is derived from the one - dimensional signal using lifting ; importantly , the number of operations required to compute the patch distances using this approach does not scale with the patch length . we ←
→ latent dependency forest models ; probabilistic modeling is one of the foundations of modern machine learning and artificial intelligence . in this paper , we propose a novel type of probabilistic models named latent dependency forest models ( ldfms ). a ldfm models the dependencies between random variables with a forest structure that can change dynamically based on the variable values . it is therefore capable of modeling context - specific independence . we parameterize a ldfm using a first - order non - projective ←
→ learning smooth pattern transformation manifolds ; manifold models provide low - dimensional representations that are useful for processing and analyzing data in a transformation - invariant way . in this paper , we study the problem of learning smooth pattern transformation manifolds from image sets that represent observations of geometrically transformed signals . in order to construct a manifold , we build a representative pattern whose transformations accurately fit various input images . we examine two objectiv ←
→ umap : uniform manifold approximation and projection for dimension reduction ; umap ( uniform manifold approximation and projection ) is a novel manifold learning technique for dimension reduction . umap is constructed from a theoretical framework based in riemannian geometry and algebraic topology . the result is a practical scalable algorithm that applies to real world data . the umap algorithm is competitive with t - sne for visualization quality , and arguably preserves more of the global structure with superi ←
→ learning with feature evolvable streams ; learning with streaming data has attracted much attention during the past few years . though most studies consider data stream with fixed features , in real practice the features may be evolvable . for example , features of data gathered by limited - lifespan sensors will change when these sensors are substituted by new ones . in this paper , we propose a novel learning paradigm : \ emph { feature evolvable streaming learning } where old features would vanish and new features wo ←
→ portfolio allocation for bayesian optimization ; bayesian optimization with gaussian processes has become an increasingly popular tool in the machine learning community . it is efficient and can be used when very little is known about the objective function , making it popular in expensive black - box optimization scenarios . it uses bayesian methods to sample the objective efficiently using an acquisition function which incorporates the model ' s estimate of the objective and the uncertainty at any given point . h ←
→ mdl - motivated compression of glm ensembles increases interpretability and retains predictive power ; over the years , ensemble methods have become a staple of machine learning . similarly , generalized linear models ( glms ) have become very popular for a wide variety of statistical inference tasks . the former have been shown to enhance out - of - sample predictive power and the latter possess easy interpretability . recently , ensembles of glms have been proposed as a possibility . on the downside , this approach lo ←
→ image color transfer to evoke different emotions based on color combinations ; in this paper , a color transfer framework to evoke different emotions for images based on color combinations is proposed . the purpose of this color transfer is to change the " look and feel " of images , i . e ., evoking different emotions . colors are confirmed as the most attractive factor in images . in addition , various studies in both art and science areas have concluded that other than single color , color combinations are necessa ←
→ multi - planar deep segmentation networks for cardiac substructures from mri and ct ; non - invasive detection of cardiovascular disorders from radiology scans requires quantitative image analysis of the heart and its substructures . there are well - established measurements that radiologists use for diseases assessment such as ejection fraction , volume of four chambers , and myocardium mass . these measurements are derived as outcomes of precise segmentation of the heart and its substructures . the aim of this pap ←
→ feature uncertainty bounding schemes for large robust nonlinear svm classifiers ; we consider the binary classification problem when data are large and subject to unknown but bounded uncertainties . we address the problem by formulating the nonlinear support vector machine training problem with robust optimization . to do so , we analyze and propose two bounding schemes for uncertainties associated to random approximate features in low dimensional spaces . the proposed techniques are based on random fourier f ←
→ prediction under uncertainty with error - encoding networks ; in this work we introduce a new framework for performing temporal predictions in the presence of uncertainty . it is based on a simple idea of disentangling components of the future state which are predictable from those which are inherently unpredictable , and encoding the unpredictable components into a low - dimensional latent variable which is fed into a forward model . our method uses a supervised training objective which is fast and easy to train .←
→ reduced basis decomposition : a certified and fast lossy data compression algorithm ; dimension reduction is often needed in the area of data mining . the goal of these methods is to map the given high - dimensional data into a low - dimensional space preserving certain properties of the initial data . there are two kinds of techniques for this purpose . the first , projective methods , builds an explicit linear projection from the high - dimensional space to the low - dimensional one . on the other hand , the nonlinear ←
→ heterogeneous information network embedding for meta path based proximity ; a network embedding is a representation of a large graph in a low - dimensional space , where vertices are modeled as vectors . the objective of a good embedding is to preserve the proximity between vertices in the original graph . this way , typical search and mining methods can be applied in the embedded space with the help of off - the - shelf multidimensional indexing approaches . existing network embedding techniques focus on homogeneou ←
→ multilingual language processing from bytes ; we describe an lstm - based model which we call byte - to - span ( bts ) that reads text as bytes and outputs span annotations of the form [ start , length , label ] where start positions , lengths , and labels are separate entries in our vocabulary . because we operate directly on unicode bytes rather than language - specific words or characters , we can analyze text in many languages with a single model . due to the small vocabulary size , these multilingual models are very compa ←
→ when darwin meets lorenz : evolving new chaotic attractors through genetic programming ; in this paper , we propose a novel methodology for automatically finding new chaotic attractors through a computational intelligence technique known as multi - gene genetic programming ( mggp ). we apply this technique to the case of the lorenz attractor and evolve several new chaotic attractors based on the basic lorenz template . the mggp algorithm automatically finds new nonlinear expressions for the different state varia ←
→ quantum reinforcement learning ; the key approaches for machine learning , especially learning in unknown probabilistic environments are new representations and computation mechanisms . in this paper , a novel quantum reinforcement learning ( qrl ) method is proposed by combining quantum theory and reinforcement learning ( rl ). inspired by the state superposition principle and quantum parallelism , a framework of value updating algorithm is introduced . the state ( action ) in traditional rl is identified as the eige ←
→ learning human activities and object affordances from rgb - d videos ; understanding human activities and object affordances are two very important skills , especially for personal robots which operate in human environments . in this work , we consider the problem of extracting a descriptive labeling of the sequence of sub - activities being performed by a human , and more importantly , of their interactions with the objects in the form of associated affordances . given a rgb - d video , we jointly model the human activ ←
→ systematic weight pruning of dnns using alternating direction method of multipliers ; we present a systematic weight pruning framework of deep neural networks ( dnns ) using the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ). we first formulate the weight pruning problem of dnns as a constrained nonconvex optimization problem , and then adopt the admm framework for systematic weight pruning . we show that admm is highly suitable for weight pruning due to the computational efficiency it offers . we achieve ←
→ heterogeneous supervision for relation extraction : a representation learning approach ; relation extraction is a fundamental task in information extraction . most existing methods have heavy reliance on annotations labeled by human experts , which are costly and time - consuming . to overcome this drawback , we propose a novel framework , rehession , to conduct relation extractor learning using annotations from heterogeneous information source , e . g ., knowledge base and domain heuristics . these annotations , referr ←
→ data granulation by the principles of uncertainty ; researches in granular modeling produced a variety of mathematical models , such as intervals , ( higher - order ) fuzzy sets , rough sets , and shadowed sets , which are all suitable to characterize the so - called information granules . modeling of the input data uncertainty is recognized as a crucial aspect in information granulation . moreover , the uncertainty is a well - studied concept in many mathematical settings , such as those of probability theory , fuzzy set th ←
→ residual networks : lyapunov stability and convex decomposition ; while training error of most deep neural networks degrades as the depth of the network increases , residual networks appear to be an exception . we show that the main reason for this is the lyapunov stability of the gradient descent algorithm : for an arbitrarily chosen step size , the equilibria of the gradient descent are most likely to remain stable for the parametrization of residual networks . we then present an architecture with a pair of res ←
→ training of spiking neural networks based on information theoretic costs ; spiking neural network is a type of artificial neural network in which neurons communicate between each other with spikes . spikes are identical boolean events characterized by the time of their arrival . a spiking neuron has internal dynamics and responds to the history of inputs as opposed to the current inputs only . because of such properties a spiking neural network has rich intrinsic capabilities to process spatiotemporal data . ho ←
→ the application of bayesian optimization and classifier systems in nurse scheduling ; two ideas taken from bayesian optimization and classifier systems are presented for personnel scheduling based on choosing a suitable scheduling rule from a set for each persons assignment . unlike our previous work of using genetic algorithms whose learning is implicit , the learning in both approaches is explicit , i . e . we are able to identify building blocks directly . to achieve this target , the bayesian optimization alg ←
→ efficient hyperparameter optimization of deep learning algorithms using deterministic rbf surrogates ; automatically searching for optimal hyperparameter configurations is of crucial importance for applying deep learning algorithms in practice . recently , bayesian optimization has been proposed for optimizing hyperparameters of various machine learning algorithms . those methods adopt probabilistic surrogate models like gaussian processes to approximate and minimize the validation error function of hyperpar ←
→ from decision to action : intentionality , a guide for the specification of intelligent agents ' behaviour ; this article introduces a reflexion about behavioural specification for interactive and participative agent - based simulation in virtual reality . within this context , it is neces sary to reach a high level of expressivness in order to enforce interactions between the designer and the behavioural model during the in - line prototyping . this requires to consider the need of semantic very early in the desi ←
→ sensitivity analysis for mirror - stratifiable convex functions ; this paper provides a set of sensitivity analysis and activity identification results for a class of convex functions with a strong geometric structure , that we coined " mirror - stratifiable ". these functions are such that there is a bijection between a primal and a dual stratification of the space into partitioning sets , called strata . this pairing is crucial to track the strata that are identifiable by solutions of parametrized optimization pro ←
→ concept drift and anomaly detection in graph streams ; graph representations offer powerful and intuitive ways to describe data in a multitude of application domains . here , we consider stochastic processes generating graphs and propose a methodology for detecting changes in stationarity of such processes . the methodology is general and considers a process generating attributed graphs with a variable number of vertices / edges , without the need to assume one - to - one correspondence between vertices at different ←
→ material recognition from local appearance in global context ; recognition of materials has proven to be a challenging problem due to the wide variation in appearance within and between categories . global image context , such as where the material is or what object it makes up , can be crucial to recognizing the material . existing methods , however , operate on an implicit fusion of materials and context by using large receptive fields as input ( i . e ., large image patches ). many recent material recognition metho ←
→ systran purely neural mt engines for wmt2017 ; this paper describes systran ' s systems submitted to the wmt 2017 shared news translation task for english - german , in both translation directions . our systems are built using opennmt , an open - source neural machine translation system , implementing sequence - to - sequence models with lstm encoder / decoders and attention . we experimented using monolingual data automatically back - translated . our resulting models are further hyper - specialised with an adaptation technique ←
→ a framework for parallel and distributed training of neural networks ; the aim of this paper is to develop a general framework for training neural networks ( nns ) in a distributed environment , where training data is partitioned over a set of agents that communicate with each other through a sparse , possibly time - varying , connectivity pattern . in such distributed scenario , the training problem can be formulated as the ( regularized ) optimization of a non - convex social cost function , given by the sum of local (←
→ approximate separability for weak interaction in dynamic systems ; one approach to monitoring a dynamic system relies on decomposition of the system into weakly interacting subsystems . an earlier paper introduced a notion of weak interaction called separability , and showed that it leads to exact propagation of marginals for prediction . this paper addresses two questions left open by the earlier paper : can we define a notion of approximate separability that occurs naturally in practice , and do separability a ←
→ on the runtime of randomized local search and simple evolutionary algorithms for dynamic makespan scheduling ; evolutionary algorithms have been frequently used for dynamic optimization problems . with this paper , we contribute to the theoretical understanding of this research area . we present the first computational complexity analysis of evolutionary algorithms for a dynamic variant of a classical combinatorial optimization problem , namely makespan scheduling . we study the model of a strong adversary whi ←
→ comparison of the bayesian and randomised decision tree ensembles within an uncertainty envelope technique ; multiple classifier systems ( mcss ) allow evaluation of the uncertainty of classification outcomes that is of crucial importance for safety critical applications . the uncertainty of classification is determined by a trade - off between the amount of data available for training , the classifier diversity and the required performance . the interpretability of mcss can also give useful information for expe ←
→ on equivalence of martingale tail bounds and deterministic regret inequalities ; we study an equivalence of ( i ) deterministic pathwise statements appearing in the online learning literature ( termed \ emph { regret bounds }), ( ii ) high - probability tail bounds for the supremum of a collection of martingales ( of a specific form arising from uniform laws of large numbers for martingales ), and ( iii ) in - expectation bounds for the supremum . by virtue of the equivalence , we prove exponential tail bounds for norms of ←
→ using phonetic constraints in acoustic - to - articulatory inversion ; the goal of this work is to recover articulatory information from the speech signal by acoustic - to - articulatory inversion . one of the main difficulties with inversion is that the problem is underdetermined and inversion methods generally offer no guarantee on the phonetical realism of the inverse solutions . a way to adress this issue is to use additional phonetic constraints . knowledge of the phonetic caracteristics of french vowels enable t ←
→ overview of stemming algorithms for indian and non - indian languages ; stemming is a pre - processing step in text mining applications as well as a very common requirement of natural language processing functions . stemming is the process for reducing inflected words to their stem . the main purpose of stemming is to reduce different grammatical forms / word forms of a word like its noun , adjective , verb , adverb etc . to its root form . stemming is widely uses in information retrieval system and reduces the size o ←
→ extremal optimization : an evolutionary local - search algorithm ; a recently introduced general - purpose heuristic for finding high - quality solutions for many hard optimization problems is reviewed . the method is inspired by recent progress in understanding far - from - equilibrium phenomena in terms of {\ em self - organized criticality ,} a concept introduced to describe emergent complexity in physical systems . this method , called {\ em extremal optimization ,} successively replaces the value of extremely undesirable ←
→ discrete dynamical genetic programming in xcs ; a number of representation schemes have been presented for use within learning classifier systems , ranging from binary encodings to neural networks . this paper presents results from an investigation into using a discrete dynamical system representation within the xcs learning classifier system . in particular , asynchronous random boolean networks are used to represent the traditional condition - action production system rules . it is shown possible to use self - ada ←
→ the logical meaning of expansion ; the expansion property considered by researchers in social choice is shown to correspond to a logical property of nonmonotonic consequence relations that is the {\ em pure }, i . e ., not involving connectives , version of a previously known weak rationality condition . the assumption that the union of two definable sets of models is definable is needed for the soundness part of the result .←
→ biological mechanisms for learning : a computational model of olfactory learning in the manduca sexta moth , with applications to neural nets ; the insect olfactory system , which includes the antennal lobe ( al ), mushroom body ( mb ), and ancillary structures , is a relatively simple neural system capable of learning . its structural features , which are widespread in biological neural systems , process olfactory stimuli through a cascade of networks where large dimension shifts occur from stage to stage and where ←
→ detection of curved lines with b - cosfire filters : a case study on crack delineation ; the detection of curvilinear structures is an important step for various computer vision applications , ranging from medical image analysis for segmentation of blood vessels , to remote sensing for the identification of roads and rivers , and to biometrics and robotics , among others . % the visual system of the brain has remarkable abilities to detect curvilinear structures in noisy images . this is a nontrivial task especiall ←
→ recognizing and curating photo albums via event - specific image importance ; automatic organization of personal photos is a problem with many real world ap - plications , and can be divided into two main tasks : recognizing the event type of the photo collection , and selecting interesting images from the collection . in this paper , we attempt to simultaneously solve both tasks : album - wise event recognition and image - wise importance prediction . we collected an album dataset with both event type labels and imag ←
→ hierarchical recurrent attention network for response generation ; we study multi - turn response generation in chatbots where a response is generated according to a conversation context . existing work has modeled the hierarchy of the context , but does not pay enough attention to the fact that words and utterances in the context are differentially important . as a result , they may lose important information in context and generate irrelevant responses . we propose a hierarchical recurrent attention network ( hra ←
→ activity modeling in smart home using high utility pattern mining over data streams ; smart home technology is a better choice for the people to care about security , comfort and power saving as well . it is required to develop technologies that recognize the activities of daily living ( adls ) of the residents at home and detect the abnormal behavior in the individual ' s patterns . data mining techniques such as frequent pattern mining ( fpm ), high utility pattern ( hup ) mining were used to find those activity p ←
→ a nonparametric bayesian approach toward stacked convolutional independent component analysis ; unsupervised feature learning algorithms based on convolutional formulations of independent components analysis ( ica ) have been demonstrated to yield state - of - the - art results in several action recognition benchmarks . however , existing approaches do not allow for the number of latent components ( features ) to be automatically inferred from the data in an unsupervised manner . this is a significant disadvantage of ←
→ multi - label classification method based on extreme learning machines ; in this paper , an extreme learning machine ( elm ) based technique for multi - label classification problems is proposed and discussed . in multi - label classification , each of the input data samples belongs to one or more than one class labels . the traditional binary and multi - class classification problems are the subset of the multi - label problem with the number of labels corresponding to each sample limited to one . the proposed elm based mu ←
→ matching - constrained active contours ; in object segmentation by active contours , the initial contour is often required . conventionally , the initial contour is provided by the user . this paper extends the conventional active contour model by incorporating feature matching in the formulation , which gives rise to a novel matching - constrained active contour . the numerical solution to the new optimization model provides an automated framework of object segmentation without user intervention . the main idea is to ←
→ ask your neurons : a neural - based approach to answering questions about images ; we address a question answering task on real - world images that is set up as a visual turing test . by combining latest advances in image representation and natural language processing , we propose neural - image - qa , an end - to - end formulation to this problem for which all parts are trained jointly . in contrast to previous efforts , we are facing a multi - modal problem where the language output ( answer ) is conditioned on visual and na ←
→ video retrieval based on deep convolutional neural network ; recently , with the enormous growth of online videos , fast video retrieval research has received increasing attention . as an extension of image hashing techniques , traditional video hashing methods mainly depend on hand - crafted features and transform the real - valued features into binary hash codes . as videos provide far more diverse and complex visual information than images , extracting features from videos is much more challenging than that from i ←
→ learning a peptide - protein binding affinity predictor with kernel ridge regression ; we propose a specialized string kernel for small bio - molecules , peptides and pseudo - sequences of binding interfaces . the kernel incorporates physico - chemical properties of amino acids and elegantly generalize eight kernels , such as the oligo , the weighted degree , the blended spectrum , and the radial basis function . we provide a low complexity dynamic programming algorithm for the exact computation of the kernel and a line ←
→ fast conical hull algorithms for near - separable non - negative matrix factorization ; the separability assumption ( donoho & stodden , 2003 ; arora et al ., 2012 ) turns non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) into a tractable problem . recently , a new class of provably - correct nmf algorithms have emerged under this assumption . in this paper , we reformulate the separable nmf problem as that of finding the extreme rays of the conical hull of a finite set of vectors . from this geometric perspective , we derive new s ←
→ the object projection feature estimation problem in unsupervised markerless 3d motion tracking ; 3d motion tracking is a critical task in many computer vision applications . existing 3d motion tracking techniques require either a great amount of knowledge on the target object or specific hardware . these requirements discourage the wide spread of commercial applications based on 3d motion tracking . 3d motion tracking systems that require no knowledge on the target object and run on a single low - budget camer ←
→ capturing reliable fine - grained sentiment associations by crowdsourcing and best - worst scaling ; access to word - sentiment associations is useful for many applications , including sentiment analysis , stance detection , and linguistic analysis . however , manually assigning fine - grained sentiment association scores to words has many challenges with respect to keeping annotations consistent . we apply the annotation technique of best - worst scaling to obtain real - valued sentiment association scores for words and p ←
→ learning macromanagement in starcraft from replays using deep learning ; the real - time strategy game starcraft has proven to be a challenging environment for artificial intelligence techniques , and as a result , current state - of - the - art solutions consist of numerous hand - crafted modules . in this paper , we show how macromanagement decisions in starcraft can be learned directly from game replays using deep learning . neural networks are trained on 789 , 571 state - action pairs extracted from 2 , 005 replays of highl ←
→ large - scale classification of fine - art paintings : learning the right metric on the right feature ; in the past few years , the number of fine - art collections that are digitized and publicly available has been growing rapidly . with the availability of such large collections of digitized artworks comes the need to develop multimedia systems to archive and retrieve this pool of data . measuring the visual similarity between artistic items is an essential step for such multimedia systems , which can benefit more ←
→ recurrent neural network training with preconditioned stochastic gradient descent ; this paper studies the performance of a recently proposed preconditioned stochastic gradient descent ( psgd ) algorithm on recurrent neural network ( rnn ) training . psgd adaptively estimates a preconditioner to accelerate gradient descent , and is designed to be simple , general and easy to use , as stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ). rnns , especially the ones requiring extremely long term memories , are difficult to train . we hav ←
→ simple classification using binary data ; binary , or one - bit , representations of data arise naturally in many applications , and are appealing in both hardware implementations and algorithm design . in this work , we study the problem of data classification from binary data and propose a framework with low computation and resource costs . we illustrate the utility of the proposed approach through stylized and realistic numerical experiments , and provide a theoretical analysis for a simple case . we hope that our ←
→ converged algorithms for orthogonal nonnegative matrix factorizations ; this paper proposes uni - orthogonal and bi - orthogonal nonnegative matrix factorization algorithms with robust convergence proofs . we design the algorithms based on the work of lee and seung [ 1 ], and derive the converged versions by utilizing ideas from the work of lin [ 2 ]. the experimental results confirm the theoretical guarantees of the convergences .←
→ multi - view product image search using deep convnets representations ; multi - view product image queries can improve retrieval performance over single view queries significantly . in this paper , we investigated the performance of deep convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) on multi - view product image search . first , we trained a vgg - like network to learn deep convnets representations of product images . then , we computed the deep convnets representations of database and query images and performed single view q ←
→ a new stereo formulation not using pixel and disparity models ; we introduce a new stereo formulation which does not use pixel and disparity models . many problems in vision are treated as assigning each pixel a label . disparities are labels for stereo . such pixel - labeling problems are naturally represented in terms of energy minimization , where the energy function has two terms : one term penalizes solutions that inconsistent with the observed data , the other term enforces spatial smoothness . graph cuts are ←
→ depth extraction from videos using geometric context and occlusion boundaries ; we present an algorithm to estimate depth in dynamic video scenes . we propose to learn and infer depth in videos from appearance , motion , occlusion boundaries , and geometric context of the scene . using our method , depth can be estimated from unconstrained videos with no requirement of camera pose estimation , and with significant background / foreground motions . we start by decomposing a video into spatio - temporal regions . for ea ←
→ monte carlo methods for tempo tracking and rhythm quantization ; we present a probabilistic generative model for timing deviations in expressive music performance . the structure of the proposed model is equivalent to a switching state space model . the switch variables correspond to discrete note locations as in a musical score . the continuous hidden variables denote the tempo . we formulate two well known music recognition problems , namely tempo tracking and automatic transcription ( rhythm quantization ) as f ←
→ proceedings of the 2017 adkdd & targetad workshop ; proceedings of the 2017 adkdd and targetad workshop held in conjunction with the 23rd acm sigkdd conference on knowledge discovery and data mining halifax , nova scotia , canada .←
→ a non - iterative solution to the four - point three - views pose problem in case of collinear cameras ; we give a non - iterative solution to a particular case of the four - point three - views pose problem when three camera centers are collinear . using the well - known cayley representation of orthogonal matrices , we derive from the epipolar constraints a system of three polynomial equations in three variables . the eliminant of that system is a multiple of a 36th degree univariate polynomial . the true ( unique ) soluti ←
→ information theoretic analysis of dnn - hmm acoustic modeling ; we propose an information theoretic framework for quantitative assessment of acoustic modeling for hidden markov model ( hmm ) based automatic speech recognition ( asr ). acoustic modeling yields the probabilities of hmm sub - word states for a short temporal window of speech acoustic features . we cast asr as a communication channel where the input sub - word probabilities convey the information about the output hmm state sequence . the quality of the aco ←
→ image retrieval based on lbp pyramidal multiresolution using reversible watermarking ; in the medical field , images are increasingly used to facilitate diagnosis of diseases . these images are stored in multimedia databases accompanied by doctor s prescriptions and other information related to patients . search for medical images has become for clinical applications an essential tool to bring effective aid in diagnosis . content based image retrieval ( cbir ) is one of the possible solutions to effectively mana ←
→ lexical bundles in computational linguistics academic literature ; in this study we analyzed a corpus of 8 million words academic literature from computational lingustics ' academic literature . the lexical bundles from this corpus are categorized based on structures and functions .←
→ an approach to reachability analysis for feed - forward relu neural networks ; we study the reachability problem for systems implemented as feed - forward neural networks whose activation function is implemented via relu functions . we draw a correspondence between establishing whether some arbitrary output can ever be outputed by a neural system and linear problems characterising a neural system of interest . we present a methodology to solve cases of practical interest by means of a state - of - the - art linear pr ←
→ gan and vae from an optimal transport point of view ; this short article revisits some of the ideas introduced in arxiv : 1701 . 07875 and arxiv : 1705 . 07642 in a simple setup . this sheds some lights on the connexions between variational autoencoders ( vae ), generative adversarial networks ( gan ) and minimum kantorovitch estimators ( mke ).←
→ variational adaptive - newton method for explorative learning ; we present the variational adaptive newton ( van ) method which is a black - box optimization method especially suitable for explorative - learning tasks such as active learning and reinforcement learning . similar to bayesian methods , van estimates a distribution that can be used for exploration , but requires computations that are similar to continuous optimization methods . our theoretical contribution reveals that van is a second - order method that uni ←
→ cystoid macular edema segmentation of optical coherence tomography images using fully convolutional neural networks and fully connected crfs ; in this paper we present a new method for cystoid macular edema ( cme ) segmentation in retinal optical coherence tomography ( oct ) images , using a fully convolutional neural network ( fcn ) and a fully connected conditional random fields ( dense crfs ). as a first step , the framework trains the fcn model to extract features from retinal layers in oct images , which exhibi ←
→ cross device matching for online advertising with neural feature ensembles : first place solution at cikm cup 2016 ; we describe the 1st place winning approach for the cikm cup 2016 challenge . in this paper , we provide an approach to reasonably identify same users across multiple devices based on browsing logs . our approach regards a candidate ranking problem as pairwise classification and utilizes an unsupervised neural feature ensemble approach to learn latent features of users . combined with traditiona ←
→ probabilistic frame induction ; in natural - language discourse , related events tend to appear near each other to describe a larger scenario . such structures can be formalized by the notion of a frame ( a . k . a . template ), which comprises a set of related events and prototypical participants and event transitions . identifying frames is a prerequisite for information extraction and natural language generation , and is usually done manually . methods for inducing frames have been proposed recently , but they typicall ←
→ developing and analyzing boundary detection operators using probabilistic models ; most feature detectors such as edge detectors or circle finders are statistical , in the sense that they decide at each point in an image about the presence of a feature , this paper describes the use of bayesian feature detectors .←
→ capturing hand motion with an rgb - d sensor , fusing a generative model with salient points ; hand motion capture has been an active research topic in recent years , following the success of full - body pose tracking . despite similarities , hand tracking proves to be more challenging , characterized by a higher dimensionality , severe occlusions and self - similarity between fingers . for this reason , most approaches rely on strong assumptions , like hands in isolation or expensive multi - camera systems , that limit th ←
→ a new analytical radial distortion model for camera calibration ; common approach to radial distortion is by the means of polynomial approximation , which introduces distortion - specific parameters into the camera model and requires estimation of these distortion parameters . the task of estimating radial distortion is to find a radial distortion model that allows easy undistortion as well as satisfactory accuracy . this paper presents a new radial distortion model with an easy analytical undistortion formula , ←
→ improved image segmentation via cost minimization of multiple hypotheses ; image segmentation is an important component of many image understanding systems . it aims to group pixels in a spatially and perceptually coherent manner . typically , these algorithms have a collection of parameters that control the degree of over - segmentation produced . it still remains a challenge to properly select such parameters for human - like perceptual grouping . in this work , we exploit the diversity of segments produced by diff ←
→ improving spam filtering by combining naive bayes with simple k - nearest neighbor searches ; using naive bayes for email classification has become very popular within the last few months . they are quite easy to implement and very efficient . in this paper we want to present empirical results of email classification using a combination of naive bayes and k - nearest neighbor searches . using this technique we show that the accuracy of a bayes filter can be improved slightly for a high number of features and sig ←
→ global convergence of the ( 1 + 1 ) evolution strategy ; we establish global convergence of the ( 1 + 1 )- es algorithm , i . e ., convergence to a critical point independent of the initial state . the analysis is based on two ingredients . we establish a sufficient decrease condition for elitist , rank - based evolutionary algorithms , formulated for an essentially monotonically transformed variant of the objective function . this tool is of general value , and it is therefore formulated for general search spaces . to make it ←
→ image patch analysis and clustering of sunspots : a dimensionality reduction approach ; sunspots , as seen in white light or continuum images , are associated with regions of high magnetic activity on the sun , visible on magnetogram images . their complexity is correlated with explosive solar activity and so classifying these active regions is useful for predicting future solar activity . current classification of sunspot groups is visually based and suffers from bias . supervised learning methods can reduce hu ←
→ self - paced learning for weakly supervised evidence discovery in multimedia event search ; multimedia event detection has been receiving increasing attention in recent years . besides recognizing an event , the discovery of evidences ( which is refered to as " recounting ") is also crucial for user to better understand the searching result . due to the difficulty of evidence annotation , only limited supervision of event labels are available for training a recounting model . to deal with the problem , we propose a ←
→ simple epistemic planning : generalised gossiping ; the gossip problem , in which information ( known as secrets ) must be shared among a certain number of agents using the minimum number of calls , is of interest in the conception of communication networks and protocols . we extend the gossip problem to arbitrary epistemic depths . for example , we may require not only that all agents know all secrets but also that all agents know that all agents know all secrets . we give optimal protocols for various versions of ←
→ aspl { ü } nd ' s metric defined in the logarithmic image processing ( lip ) framework for colour and multivariate images ; aspl {\" u } nd ' s metric , which is useful for pattern matching , consists in a double - sided probing , i . e . the over - graph and the sub - graph of a function are probed jointly . it has previously been defined for grey - scale images using the logarithmic image processing ( lip ) framework . lip is a non - linear model to perform operations between images while being consistent with the human visual system . o ←
→ single - and multi - task architectures for surgical workflow challenge at m2cai 2016 ; the surgical workflow challenge at m2cai 2016 consists of identifying 8 surgical phases in cholecystectomy procedures . here , we propose to use deep architectures that are based on our previous work where we presented several architectures to perform multiple recognition tasks on laparoscopic videos . in this technical report , we present the phase recognition results using two architectures : ( 1 ) a single - task architecture d ←
→ a hierarchical latent variable encoder - decoder model for generating dialogues ; sequential data often possesses a hierarchical structure with complex dependencies between subsequences , such as found between the utterances in a dialogue . in an effort to model this kind of generative process , we propose a neural network - based generative architecture , with latent stochastic variables that span a variable number of time steps . we apply the proposed model to the task of dialogue response generation and compare ←
→ evolving spatially aggregated features from satellite imagery for regional modeling ; satellite imagery and remote sensing provide explanatory variables at relatively high resolutions for modeling geospatial phenomena , yet regional summaries are often desirable for analysis and actionable insight . in this paper , we propose a novel method of inducing spatial aggregations as a component of the machine learning process , yielding regional model features whose construction is driven by model prediction perform ←
→ a meshless method for variational nonrigid 2 - d shape registration ; we present a method for nonrigid registration of 2 - d geometric shapes . our contribution is twofold . first , we extend the classic chamfer - matching energy to a variational functional . secondly , we introduce a meshless deformation model that can handle significant high - curvature deformations . we represent 2 - d shapes implicitly using distance transforms , and registration error is defined based on the shape contours ' mutual distances . in additio ←
→ multiobjective hboa , clustering , and scalability ; this paper describes a scalable algorithm for solving multiobjective decomposable problems by combining the hierarchical bayesian optimization algorithm ( hboa ) with the nondominated sorting genetic algorithm ( nsga - ii ) and clustering in the objective space . it is first argued that for good scalability , clustering or some other form of niching in the objective space is necessary and the size of each niche should be approximately equal . multiobjective hboa ( mo ←
→ an olac extension for dravidian languages ; olac was founded in 2000 for creating online databases of language resources . this paper intends to review the bottom - up distributed character of the project and proposes an extension of the architecture for dravidian languages . an ontological structure is considered for effective natural language processing ( nlp ) and its advantages over statistical methods are reviewed ←
→ identifying corresponding patches in sar and optical images with a pseudo - siamese cnn ; in this letter , we propose a pseudo - siamese convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture that enables to solve the task of identifying corresponding patches in very - high - resolution ( vhr ) optical and synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) remote sensing imagery . using eight convolutional layers each in two parallel network streams , a fully connected layer for the fusion of the features learned in each stream , and a loss func ←
→ fast l1 - minimization algorithms for robust face recognition ; l1 - minimization refers to finding the minimum l1 - norm solution to an underdetermined linear system b = ax . under certain conditions as described in compressive sensing theory , the minimum l1 - norm solution is also the sparsest solution . in this paper , our study addresses the speed and scalability of its algorithms . in particular , we focus on the numerical implementation of a sparsity - based classification framework in robust face recognition , where s ←
→ structure learning in bayesian networks of moderate size by efficient sampling ; we study the bayesian model averaging approach to learning bayesian network structures ( dags ) from data . we develop new algorithms including the first algorithm that is able to efficiently sample dags according to the exact structure posterior . the dag samples can then be used to construct estimators for the posterior of any feature . we theoretically prove good properties of our estimators and empirically show that our estima ←
→ working times in atypical forms of employment : the special case of part - time work ; in the present article , we attempt to devise a typology of forms of part - time employment by applying a widely used neuronal methodology called kohonen maps . starting out with data that we describe using category - specific variables , we show how it is possible to represent observations and the modalities of the variables that define them simultaneously , on a single map . this allows us to ascertain , and to try to describe , th ←
→ learning a hyperplane classifier by minimizing an exact bound on the vc dimension ; the vc dimension measures the capacity of a learning machine , and a low vc dimension leads to good generalization . while svms produce state - of - the - art learning performance , it is well known that the vc dimension of a svm can be unbounded ; despite good results in practice , there is no guarantee of good generalization . in this paper , we show how to learn a hyperplane classifier by minimizing an exact , or \ boldmath {$\ theta $} ←
→ quantifying translation - invariance in convolutional neural networks ; a fundamental problem in object recognition is the development of image representations that are invariant to common transformations such as translation , rotation , and small deformations . there are multiple hypotheses regarding the source of translation invariance in cnns . one idea is that translation invariance is due to the increasing receptive field size of neurons in successive convolution layers . another possibility is that invarianc ←
→ single - image depth perception in the wild ; this paper studies single - image depth perception in the wild , i . e ., recovering depth from a single image taken in unconstrained settings . we introduce a new dataset " depth in the wild " consisting of images in the wild annotated with relative depth between pairs of random points . we also propose a new algorithm that learns to estimate metric depth using annotations of relative depth . compared to the state of the art , our algorithm is simpler and performs better . ex ←
→ belief revision by examples ; a common assumption in belief revision is that the reliability of the information sources is either given , derived from temporal information , or the same for all . this article does not describe a new semantics for integration but the problem of obtaining the reliability of the sources given the result of a previous merging . as an example , the relative reliability of two sensors can be assessed given some certain observation , and allows for subsequent mergings of data coming fro ←
→ minimum regret search for single - and multi - task optimization ; we propose minimum regret search ( mrs ), a novel acquisition function for bayesian optimization . mrs bears similarities with information - theoretic approaches such as entropy search ( es ). however , while es aims in each query at maximizing the information gain with respect to the global maximum , mrs aims at minimizing the expected simple regret of its ultimate recommendation for the optimum . while empirically es and mrs perform similar in most of ←
→ detection and attention : diagnosing pulmonary lung cancer from ct by imitating physicians ; this paper proposes a novel and efficient method to build a computer - aided diagnoses ( cad ) system for lung nodule detection based on computed tomography ( ct ). this task was treated as an object detection on video ( vid ) problem by imitating how a radiologist reads ct scans . a lung nodule detector was trained to automatically learn nodule features from still images to detect lung nodule candidates with both high reca ←
→ good features to correlate for visual tracking ; during the recent years , correlation filters have shown dominant and spectacular results for visual object tracking . the types of the features that are employed in these family of trackers significantly affect the performance of visual tracking . the ultimate goal is to utilize robust features invariant to any kind of appearance change of the object , while predicting the object location as properly as in the case of no appearance change . as the deep learning b ←
→ fast , robust and non - convex subspace recovery ; this work presents a fast and non - convex algorithm for robust subspace recovery . the data sets considered include inliers drawn around a low - dimensional subspace of a higher dimensional ambient space , and a possibly large portion of outliers that do not lie nearby this subspace . the proposed algorithm , which we refer to as fast median subspace ( fms ), is designed to robustly determine the underlying subspace of such data sets , while having lower computational c ←
→ ethical challenges in data - driven dialogue systems ; the use of dialogue systems as a medium for human - machine interaction is an increasingly prevalent paradigm . a growing number of dialogue systems use conversation strategies that are learned from large datasets . there are well documented instances where interactions with these system have resulted in biased or even offensive conversations due to the data - driven training process . here , we highlight potential ethical issues that arise in dialogue systems re ←
→ take it in your stride : do we need striding in cnns ? ; since their inception , cnns have utilized some type of striding operator to reduce the overlap of receptive fields and spatial dimensions . although having clear heuristic motivations ( i . e . lowering the number of parameters to learn ) the mathematical role of striding within cnn learning remains unclear . this paper offers a novel and mathematical rigorous perspective on the role of the striding operator within modern cnns . specifically , we demonstrate the ←
→ an information extraction approach to prescreen heart failure patients for clinical trials ; to reduce the large amount of time spent screening , identifying , and recruiting patients into clinical trials , we need prescreening systems that are able to automate the data extraction and decision - making tasks that are typically relegated to clinical research study coordinators . however , a major obstacle is the vast amount of patient data available as unstructured free - form text in electronic health records . her ←
→ impression network for video object detection ; video object detection is more challenging compared to image object detection . previous works proved that applying object detector frame by frame is not only slow but also inaccurate . visual clues get weakened by defocus and motion blur , causing failure on corresponding frames . multi - frame feature fusion methods proved effective in improving the accuracy , but they dramatically sacrifice the speed . feature propagation based methods proved effective in improving ←
→ selection mammogram texture descriptors based on statistics properties backpropagation structure ; computer aided diagnosis ( cad ) system has been developed for the early detection of breast cancer , one of the most deadly cancer for women . the benign of mammogram has different texture from malignant . there are fifty mammogram images used in this work which are divided for training and testing . therefore , the selection of the right texture to determine the level of accuracy of cad system is important . the f ←
→ brain tumor detection based on bilateral symmetry information ; advances in computing technology have allowed researchers across many fields of endeavor to collect and maintain vast amounts of observational statistical data such as clinical data , biological patient data , data regarding access of web sites , financial data , and the like . brain magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) segmentation is a complex problem in the field of medical imaging despite various presented methods . mr image of human brain can be divided int ←
→ resolving spatial - time conflicts in a set of any - angle or angle - constrained grid paths ; we study the multi - agent path finding problem ( mapf ) for a group of agents which are allowed to move into arbitrary directions on a 2d square grid . we focus on centralized conflict resolution for independently computed plans . we propose an algorithm that eliminates conflicts by using local re - planning and introducing time offsets to the execution of paths by different agents . experimental results show that the algorit ←
→ development of an automated red light violation detection system ( rlvds ) for indian vehicles ; integrated traffic management systems ( itms ) are now implemented in different cities in india to primarily address the concerns of road - safety and security . an automated red light violation detection system ( rlvds ) is an integral part of the itms . in our present work we have designed and developed a complete system for generating the list of all stop - line violating vehicle images automatically from video snapsho ←
→ automating direct speech variations in stories and games ; dialogue authoring in large games requires not only content creation but the subtlety of its delivery , which can vary from character to character . manually authoring this dialogue can be tedious , time - consuming , or even altogether infeasible . this paper utilizes a rich narrative representation for modeling dialogue and an expressive natural language generation engine for realizing it , and expands upon a translation tool that bridges the two . we add ←
→ understanding rating behaviour and predicting ratings by identifying representative users ; online user reviews describing various products and services are now abundant on the web . while the information conveyed through review texts and ratings is easily comprehensible , there is a wealth of hidden information in them that is not immediately obvious . in this study , we unlock this hidden value behind user reviews to understand the various dimensions along which users rate products . we learn a set of users ←
→ non - depth - first search against independent distributions on an and - or tree ; suzuki and niida ( ann . pure . appl . logic , 2015 ) showed the following results on independent distributions ( ids ) on an and - or tree , where they took only depth - first algorithms into consideration . ( 1 ) among ids such that probability of the root having value 0 is fixed as a given r such that 0 < r < 1 , if d is a maximizer of cost of the best algorithm then d is an independent and identical distribution ( iid ). ( 2 ) among all ids , if d ←
→ compression and the origins of zipf ' s law for word frequencies ; here we sketch a new derivation of zipf ' s law for word frequencies based on optimal coding . the structure of the derivation is reminiscent of mandelbrot ' s random typing model but it has multiple advantages over random typing : ( 1 ) it starts from realistic cognitive pressures ( 2 ) it does not require fine tuning of parameters and ( 3 ) it sheds light on the origins of other statistical laws of language and thus can lead to a compact theory of lingu ←
→ clustering - based relational unsupervised representation learning with an explicit distributed representation ; the goal of unsupervised representation learning is to extract a new representation of data , such that solving many different tasks becomes easier . existing methods typically focus on vectorized data and offer little support for relational data , which additionally describe relationships among instances . in this work we introduce an approach for relational unsupervised representation learning . vie ←
→ a self - contained and easily accessible discussion of the method of descente infinie and fermat ' s only explicitly known proof by descente infinie ; we present the only proof of pierre fermat by descente infinie that is known to exist today . as the text of its latin original requires active mathematical interpretation , it is more a proof sketch than a proper mathematical proof . we discuss descente infinie from the mathematical , logical , historical , linguistic , and refined logic - historical points of view . we ←
→ beauty and brains : detecting anomalous pattern co - occurrences ; our world is filled with both beautiful and brainy people , but how often does a nobel prize winner also wins a beauty pageant ? let us assume that someone who is both very beautiful and very smart is more rare than what we would expect from the combination of the number of beautiful and brainy people . of course there will still always be some individuals that defy this stereotype ; these beautiful brainy people are exactly the class of anomaly we ←
→ k - nn regression adapts to local intrinsic dimension ; many nonparametric regressors were recently shown to converge at rates that depend only on the intrinsic dimension of data . these regressors thus escape the curse of dimension when high - dimensional data has low intrinsic dimension ( e . g . a manifold ). we show that k - nn regression is also adaptive to intrinsic dimension . in particular our rates are local to a query x and depend only on the way masses of balls centered at x vary with radius . furthermore , w ←
→ topographic feature extraction for bengali and hindi character images ; feature selection and extraction plays an important role in different classification based problems such as face recognition , signature verification , optical character recognition ( ocr ) etc . the performance of ocr highly depends on the proper selection and extraction of feature set . in this paper , we present novel features based on the topography of a character as visible from different viewing directions on a 2d plane . by topography of ←
→ a cascaded convolutional neural network for single image dehazing ; images captured under outdoor scenes usually suffer from low contrast and limited visibility due to suspended atmospheric particles , which directly affects the quality of photos . despite numerous image dehazing methods have been proposed , effective hazy image restoration remains a challenging problem . existing learning - based methods usually predict the medium transmission by convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), but ignore the key global at ←
→ artificial neural networks that learn to satisfy logic constraints ; logic - based problems such as planning , theorem proving , or puzzles , typically involve combinatoric search and structured knowledge representation . artificial neural networks are very successful statistical learners , however , for many years , they have been criticized for their weaknesses in representing and in processing complex structured knowledge which is crucial for combinatoric search and symbol manipulation . two neural architectures a ←
→ sequencing chess ; we analyze the structure of the state space of chess by means of transition path sampling monte carlo simulation . based on the typical number of moves required to transpose a given configuration of chess pieces into another , we conclude that the state space consists of several pockets between which transitions are rare . skilled players explore an even smaller subset of positions that populate some of these pockets only very sparsely . these results suggest that the usual measures to estima ←
→ a framework to adjust dependency measure estimates for chance ; estimating the strength of dependency between two variables is fundamental for exploratory analysis and many other applications in data mining . for example : non - linear dependencies between two continuous variables can be explored with the maximal information coefficient ( mic ); and categorical variables that are dependent to the target class are selected using gini gain in random forests . nonetheless , because dependency measures are estimated on ←
→ an optimal learning method for developing personalized treatment regimes ; a treatment regime is a function that maps individual patient information to a recommended treatment , hence explicitly incorporating the heterogeneity in need for treatment across individuals . patient responses are dichotomous and can be predicted through an unknown relationship that depends on the patient information and the selected treatment . the goal is to find the treatments that lead to the best patient responses on average . ea ←
→ continuous authentication using one - class classifiers and their fusion ; while developing continuous authentication systems ( cas ), we generally assume that samples from both genuine and impostor classes are readily available . however , the assumption may not be true in certain circumstances . therefore , we explore the possibility of implementing cas using only genuine samples . specifically , we investigate the usefulness of four one - class classifiers occ ( elliptic envelope , isolation forest , local outliers fac ←
→ semantics derived automatically from language corpora contain human - like biases ; artificial intelligence and machine learning are in a period of astounding growth . however , there are concerns that these technologies may be used , either with or without intention , to perpetuate the prejudice and unfairness that unfortunately characterizes many human institutions . here we show for the first time that human - like semantic biases result from the application of standard machine learning to ordinary language --- t ←
→ inferring informational goals from free - text queries : a bayesian approach ; people using consumer software applications typically do not use technical jargon when querying an online database of help topics . rather , they attempt to communicate their goals with common words and phrases that describe software functionality in terms of structure and objects they understand . we describe a bayesian approach to modeling the relationship between words in a user ' s query for assistance and the informational goals o ←
→ end - to - end relation extraction using markov logic networks ; the task of end - to - end relation extraction consists of two sub - tasks : i ) identifying entity mentions along with their types and ii ) recognizing semantic relations among the entity mention pairs . % identifying entity mentions along with their types and recognizing semantic relations among the entity mentions , are two very important problems in information extraction . it has been shown that for better performance , it is necessary to address these two ←
→ unsupervised feature learning by deep sparse coding ; in this paper , we propose a new unsupervised feature learning framework , namely deep sparse coding ( deepsc ), that extends sparse coding to a multi - layer architecture for visual object recognition tasks . the main innovation of the framework is that it connects the sparse - encoders from different layers by a sparse - to - dense module . the sparse - to - dense module is a composition of a local spatial pooling step and a low - dimensional embedding process , which take ←
→ a bootstrap approach to automatically generating lexical transfer rules ; we describe a method for automatically generating lexical transfer rules ( ltrs ) from word equivalences using transfer rule templates . templates are skeletal ltrs , unspecified for words . new ltrs are created by instantiating a template with words , provided that the words belong to the appropriate lexical categories required by the template . we define two methods for creating an inventory of templates and using them to generate new ltrs ←
→ expressing implicit semantic relations without supervision ; we present an unsupervised learning algorithm that mines large text corpora for patterns that express implicit semantic relations . for a given input word pair x : y with some unspecified semantic relations , the corresponding output list of patterns < p1 ,..., pm > is ranked according to how well each pattern pi expresses the relations between x and y . for example , given x = ostrich and y = bird , the two highest ranking output patterns are " x is the largest ←
→ 3d gaze estimation from 2d pupil positions on monocular head - mounted eye trackers ; 3d gaze information is important for scene - centric attention analysis but accurate estimation and analysis of 3d gaze in real - world environments remains challenging . we present a novel 3d gaze estimation method for monocular head - mounted eye trackers . in contrast to previous work , our method does not aim to infer 3d eyeball poses but directly maps 2d pupil positions to 3d gaze directions in scene camera coordinate space . w ←
→ distribution - specific hardness of learning neural networks ; although neural networks are routinely and successfully trained in practice using simple gradient - based methods , most existing theoretical results are negative , showing that learning such networks is difficult , in a worst - case sense over all data distributions . in this paper , we take a more nuanced view , and consider whether specific assumptions on the " niceness " of the input distribution , or " niceness " of the target function ( e . g . in terms of smo ←
→ learning latent features with pairwise penalties in matrix completion ; low - rank matrix completion ( mc ) has achieved great success in many real - world data applications . a latent feature model formulation is usually employed and , to improve prediction performance , the similarities between latent variables can be exploited by pairwise learning , e . g ., the graph regularized matrix factorization ( grmf ) method . however , existing grmf approaches often use a squared l2 norm to measure the pairwise difference , which ←
→ structured sparsity - inducing norms through submodular functions ; sparse methods for supervised learning aim at finding good linear predictors from as few variables as possible , i . e ., with small cardinality of their supports . this combinatorial selection problem is often turned into a convex optimization problem by replacing the cardinality function by its convex envelope ( tightest convex lower bound ), in this case the l1 - norm . in this paper , we investigate more general set - functions than the cardinality , t ←
→ on the stability of video detection and tracking ; in this paper , we study an important yet less explored aspect in video detection and tracking -- stability . surprisingly , there is no prior work that tried to study it . as a result , we start our work by proposing a novel evaluation metric for video detection which considers both stability and accuracy . for accuracy , we extend the existing accuracy metric mean average precision ( map ). for stability , we decompose it into three terms : fragment error , center po ←
→ driver gaze zone estimation using convolutional neural networks : a general framework and ablative analysis ; driver gaze has been shown to be an excellent surrogate for driver attention in intelligent vehicles . with the recent surge of highly autonomous vehicles , driver gaze can be useful for determining the handoff time to a human driver . while there has been significant improvement in personalized driver gaze zone estimation systems , a generalized system which is invariant to different subjects , perspec ←
→ cellular automaton based simulation of large pedestrian facilities - a case study on the staten island ferry terminals ; current metropolises largely depend on a functioning transport infrastructure and the increasing demand can only be satisfied by a well organized mass transit . one example for a crucial mass transit system is new york city ' s staten island ferry , connecting the two boroughs of staten island and manhattan with a regular passenger service . today ' s demand already exceeds 2500 passengers for ←
→ a note about the generalisation of the c - tests ; in this exploratory note we ask the question of what a measure of performance for all tasks is like if we use a weighting of tasks based on a difficulty function . this difficulty function depends on the complexity of the ( acceptable ) solution for the task ( instead of a universal distribution over tasks or an adaptive test ). the resulting aggregations and decompositions are ( now retrospectively ) seen as the natural ( and trivial ) interactive generalisation of t ←
→ predicting the structure of alloys using genetic algorithms ; we discuss a novel genetic algorithm that can be used to find global minima on the potential energy surface of disordered ceramics and alloys using a real - space symmetry adapted crossover . due to a high number of symmetrically equivalent solutions of many alloys a conventional genetic algorithms using reasonable population sizes are unable to locate the global minima for even the smallest systems . we demonstrate the superior performance of the us ←
→ towards learning object affordance priors from technical texts ; everyday activities performed by artificial assistants can potentially be executed naively and dangerously given their lack of common sense knowledge . this paper presents conceptual work towards obtaining prior knowledge on the usual modality ( passive or active ) of any given entity , and their affordance estimates , by extracting high - confidence ability modality semantic relations ( x can y relationship ) from non - figurative texts , by analyzing co ←
→ optimal detection of faulty traffic sensors used in route planning ; in a smart city , real - time traffic sensors may be deployed for various applications , such as route planning . unfortunately , sensors are prone to failures , which result in erroneous traffic data . erroneous data can adversely affect applications such as route planning , and can cause increased travel time . to minimize the impact of sensor failures , we must detect them promptly and accurately . however , typical detection algorithms may lead to ←
→ wembedder : wikidata entity embedding web service ; i present a web service for querying an embedding of entities in the wikidata knowledge graph . the embedding is trained on the wikidata dump using gensim ' s word2vec implementation and a simple graph walk . a rest api is implemented . together with the wikidata api the web service exposes a multilingual resource for over 600 ' 000 wikidata items and properties .←
→ word , graph and manifold embedding from markov processes ; continuous vector representations of words and objects appear to carry surprisingly rich semantic content . in this paper , we advance both the conceptual and theoretical understanding of word embeddings in three ways . first , we ground embeddings in semantic spaces studied in cognitive - psychometric literature and introduce new evaluation tasks . second , in contrast to prior work , we take metric recovery as the key object of study , unify existing algori ←
→ are snomed ct browsers ready for institutions ? introducing mysnom ; snomed clinical terms ( snomed ct ) is one of the most widespread ontologies in the life sciences , with more than 300 , 000 concepts and relationships , but is distributed with no associated software tools . in this paper we present mysnom , a web - based snomed ct browser . mysnom allows organizations to browse their own distribution of snomed ct under a controlled environment , focuses on navigating using the structure of snomed ct , and has diagramm ←
→ constructing runge - kutta methods with the use of artificial neural networks ; a methodology that can generate the optimal coefficients of a numerical method with the use of an artificial neural network is presented in this work . the network can be designed to produce a finite difference algorithm that solves a specific system of ordinary differential equations numerically . the case we are examining here concerns an explicit two - stage runge - kutta method for the numerical solution of the two - body problem . f ←
→ cluster - based approach to improve affect recognition from passively sensed data ; negative affect is a proxy for mental health in adults . by being able to predict participants ' negative affect states unobtrusively , researchers and clinicians will be better positioned to deliver targeted , just - in - time mental health interventions via mobile applications . this work attempts to personalize the passive recognition of negative affect states via group - based modeling of user behavior patterns captured from mobili ←
→ the infinite hierarchical factor regression model ; we propose a nonparametric bayesian factor regression model that accounts for uncertainty in the number of factors , and the relationship between factors . to accomplish this , we propose a sparse variant of the indian buffet process and couple this with a hierarchical model over factors , based on kingman ' s coalescent . we apply this model to two problems ( factor analysis and factor regression ) in gene - expression data analysis .←
→ human shape variation - an efficient implementation using skeleton ; it is at times important to detect human presence automatically in secure environments . this needs a shape recognition algorithm that is robust , fast and has low error rates . the algorithm needs to process camera images quickly to detect any human in the range of vision , and generate alerts , especially if the object under scrutiny is moving in certain directions . we present here a simple , efficient and fast algorithm using skeletons of the ←
→ a primal condition for approachability with partial monitoring ; in approachability with full monitoring there are two types of conditions that are known to be equivalent for convex sets : a primal and a dual condition . the primal one is of the form : a set c is approachable if and only all containing half - spaces are approachable in the one - shot game ; while the dual one is of the form : a convex set c is approachable if and only if it intersects all payoff sets of a certain form . we consider approachability in ←
→ nonmonotonic probabilistic logics between model - theoretic probabilistic logic and probabilistic logic under coherence ; recently , it has been shown that probabilistic entailment under coherence is weaker than model - theoretic probabilistic entailment . moreover , probabilistic entailment under coherence is a generalization of default entailment in system p . in this paper , we continue this line of research by presenting probabilistic generalizations of more sophisticated notions of classical default entailmen ←
→ maximum margin interval trees ; learning a regression function using censored or interval - valued output data is an important problem in fields such as genomics and medicine . the goal is to learn a real - valued prediction function , and the training output labels indicate an interval of possible values . whereas most existing algorithms for this task are linear models , in this paper we investigate learning nonlinear tree models . we propose to learn a tree by minimizing a margin - based discriminative objective fu ←
→ evaluating classifiers without expert labels ; this paper considers the challenge of evaluating a set of classifiers , as done in shared task evaluations like the kdd cup or nist trec , without expert labels . while expert labels provide the traditional cornerstone for evaluating statistical learners , limited or expensive access to experts represents a practical bottleneck . instead , we seek methodology for estimating performance of the classifiers which is more scalable than expert labeling yet preserves high ←
→ how priors of initial hyperparameters affect gaussian process regression models ; the hyperparameters in gaussian process regression ( gpr ) model with a specified kernel are often estimated from the data via the maximum marginal likelihood . due to the non - convexity of marginal likelihood with respect to the hyperparameters , the optimization may not converge to the global maxima . a common approach to tackle this issue is to use multiple starting points randomly selected from a specific prior distribution . a ←
→ data science and ebola ; data science --- today , everybody and everything produces data . people produce large amounts of data in social networks and in commercial transactions . medical , corporate , and government databases continue to grow . sensors continue to get cheaper and are increasingly connected , creating an internet of things , and generating even more data . in every discipline , large , diverse , and rich data sets are emerging , from astrophysics , to the life sciences , to the behavioral sciences , to finan ←
→ adaptive random subspace learning ( rssl ) algorithm for prediction ; we present a novel adaptive random subspace learning algorithm ( rssl ) for prediction purpose . this new framework is flexible where it can be adapted with any learning technique . in this paper , we tested the algorithm for regression and classification problems . in addition , we provide a variety of weighting schemes to increase the robustness of the developed algorithm . these different wighting flavors were evaluated on simulated as well as o ←
→ mra - proof of concept of a multilingual report annotator web application ; mra ( multilingual report annotator ) is a web application that translates radiology text and annotates it with radlex terms . its goal is to explore the solution of translating non - english radiology reports as a way to solve the problem of most of the text mining tools being developed for english . in this brief paper we explain the language barrier problem and shortly describe the application . mra can be found at https :// github . com /←
→ directional statistics in machine learning : a brief review ; the modern data analyst must cope with data encoded in various forms , vectors , matrices , strings , graphs , or more . consequently , statistical and machine learning models tailored to different data encodings are important . we focus on data encoded as normalized vectors , so that their " direction " is more important than their magnitude . specifically , we consider high - dimensional vectors that lie either on the surface of the unit hypersphere or on the ←
→ modelling competitive sports : bradley - terry - élő models for supervised and on - line learning of paired competition outcomes ; prediction and modelling of competitive sports outcomes has received much recent attention , especially from the bayesian statistics and machine learning communities . in the real world setting of outcome prediction , the seminal \'{ e } l \ h { o } update still remains , after more than 50 years , a valuable baseline which is difficult to improve upon , though in its original form it is a heurist ←
→ a multi - criteria neutrosophic group decision making metod based topsis for supplier selection ; the process of multiple criteria decision making ( mcdm ) is of determining the best choice among all of the probable alternatives . the problem of supplier selection on which decision maker has usually vague and imprecise knowledge is a typical example of multi criteria group decision - making problem . the conventional crisp techniques has not much effective for solving mcdm problems because of imprecise or fuzzine ←
→ accurate lung segmentation via network - wise training of convolutional networks ; we introduce an accurate lung segmentation model for chest radiographs based on deep convolutional neural networks . our model is based on atrous convolutional layers to increase the field - of - view of filters efficiently . to improve segmentation performances further , we also propose a multi - stage training strategy , network - wise training , which the current stage network is fed with both input images and the outputs from pre - stag ←
→ graph algorithms for improving type - logical proof search ; proof nets are a graph theoretical representation of proofs in various fragments of type - logical grammar . in spite of this basis in graph theory , there has been relatively little attention to the use of graph theoretic algorithms for type - logical proof search . in this paper we will look at several ways in which standard graph theoretic algorithms can be used to restrict the search space . in particular , we will provide an o ( n4 ) algorithm for selectin ←
→ determination of the internet anonymity influence on the level of aggression and usage of obscene lexis ; this article deals with the analysis of the semantic content of the anonymous russian - speaking forum 2ch . hk , different verbal means of expressing of the emotional state of aggression are revealed for this site , and aggression is classified by its directions . the lexis of different russian - and english - speaking anonymous forums ( 2ch . hk and iichan . hk , 4chan . org ) and public community " mdk " of the russian ←
→ relational data mining through extraction of representative exemplars ; with the growing interest on network analysis , relational data mining is becoming an emphasized domain of data mining . this paper addresses the problem of extracting representative elements from a relational dataset . after defining the notion of degree of representativeness , computed using the borda aggregation procedure , we present the extraction of exemplars which are the representative elements of the dataset . we use these concepts t ←
→ an architecture of active learning svms with relevance feedback for classifying e - mail ; in this paper , we have proposed an architecture of active learning svms with relevance feedback ( rf ) for classifying e - mail . this architecture combines both active learning strategies where instead of using a randomly selected training set , the learner has access to a pool of unlabeled instances and can request the labels of some number of them and relevance feedback where if any mail misclassified then the next set of ←
→ proceedings of the twenty - first conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 2005 ) ; this is the proceedings of the twenty - first conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in edinburgh , scotland july 26 - 29 2005 .←
→ improving multi - document summarization via text classification ; developed so far , multi - document summarization has reached its bottleneck due to the lack of sufficient training data and diverse categories of documents . text classification just makes up for these deficiencies . in this paper , we propose a novel summarization system called tcsum , which leverages plentiful text classification data to improve the performance of multi - document summarization . tcsum projects documents onto distributed representati ←
→ investigations on knowledge base embedding for relation prediction and extraction ; we report an evaluation of the effectiveness of the existing knowledge base embedding models for relation prediction and for relation extraction on a wide range of benchmarks . we also describe a new benchmark , which is much larger and complex than previous ones , which we introduce to help validate the effectiveness of both tasks . the results demonstrate that knowledge base embedding models are generally effective for relat ←
→ adaptive learning of region - based plsa model for total scene annotation ; in this paper , we present a region - based plsa model to accomplish the task of total scene annotation . to be more specific , we not only properly generate a list of tags for each image , but also localizing each region with its corresponding tag . we integrate advantages of different existing region - based works : employ efficient and powerful jseg algorithm for segmentation so that each region can easily express meaningful object informati ←
→ image classification of melanoma , nevus and seborrheic keratosis by deep neural network ensemble ; this short paper reports the method and the evaluation results of casio and shinshu university joint team for the isbi challenge 2017 - skin lesion analysis towards melanoma detection - part 3 : lesion classification hosted by isic . our online validation score was 0 . 958 with melanoma classifier auc 0 . 924 and seborrheic keratosis classifier auc 0 . 993 .←
→ natural language feature selection via cooccurrence ; specificity is important for extracting collocations , keyphrases , multi - word and index terms [ newman et al . 2012 ]. it is also useful for tagging , ontology construction [ ryu and choi 2006 ], and automatic summarization of documents [ louis and nenkova 2011 , chali and hassan 2012 ]. term frequency and inverse - document frequency ( tf - idf ) are typically used to do this , but fail to take advantage of the semantic relationships between terms [ church and gale 1995 ]←
→ end to end learning for self - driving cars ; we trained a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to map raw pixels from a single front - facing camera directly to steering commands . this end - to - end approach proved surprisingly powerful . with minimum training data from humans the system learns to drive in traffic on local roads with or without lane markings and on highways . it also operates in areas with unclear visual guidance such as in parking lots and on unpaved roads . the system automatically learns internal ←
→ deep sparse subspace clustering ; in this paper , we present a deep extension of sparse subspace clustering , termed deep sparse subspace clustering ( dssc ). regularized by the unit sphere distribution assumption for the learned deep features , dssc can infer a new data affinity matrix by simultaneously satisfying the sparsity principle of ssc and the nonlinearity given by neural networks . one of the appealing advantages brought by dssc is : when original real - world data do not meet the class - specific linear sub ←
→ sesr : single image super resolution with recursive squeeze and excitation networks ; single image super resolution is a very important computer vision task , with a wide range of applications . in recent years , the depth of the super - resolution model has been constantly increasing , but with a small increase in performance , it has brought a huge amount of computation and memory consumption . in this work , in order to make the super resolution models more effective , we proposed a novel single image super resol ←
→ aerial vehicle tracking by adaptive fusion of hyperspectral likelihood maps ; hyperspectral cameras can provide unique spectral signatures for consistently distinguishing materials that can be used to solve surveillance tasks . in this paper , we propose a novel real - time hyperspectral likelihood maps - aided tracking method ( hlt ) inspired by an adaptive hyperspectral sensor . a moving object tracking system generally consists of registration , object detection , and tracking modules . we focus on the target dete ←
→ open data platform for knowledge access in plant health domain : vespa mining ; important data are locked in ancient literature . it would be uneconomic to produce these data again and today or to extract them without the help of text mining technologies . vespa is a text mining project whose aim is to extract data on pest and crops interactions , to model and predict attacks on crops , and to reduce the use of pesticides . a few attempts proposed an agricultural information access . another originality of our ←
→ geometric lattice structure of covering and its application to attribute reduction through matroids ; the reduction of covering decision systems is an important problem in data mining , and covering - based rough sets serve as an efficient technique to process the problem . geometric lattices have been widely used in many fields , especially greedy algorithm design which plays an important role in the reduction problems . therefore , it is meaningful to combine coverings with geometric lattices to solve the opti ←
→ online learning in markov decision processes with adversarially chosen transition probability distributions ; we study the problem of learning markov decision processes with finite state and action spaces when the transition probability distributions and loss functions are chosen adversarially and are allowed to change with time . we introduce an algorithm whose regret with respect to any policy in a comparison class grows as the square root of the number of rounds of the game , provided the transition prob ←
→ the supervised ibp : neighbourhood preserving infinite latent feature models ; we propose a probabilistic model to infer supervised latent variables in the hamming space from observed data . our model allows simultaneous inference of the number of binary latent variables , and their values . the latent variables preserve neighbourhood structure of the data in a sense that objects in the same semantic concept have similar latent values , and objects in different concepts have dissimilar latent values . we formul ←
→ reactive reinforcement learning in asynchronous environments ; the relationship between a reinforcement learning ( rl ) agent and an asynchronous environment is often ignored . frequently used models of the interaction between an agent and its environment , such as markov decision processes ( mdp ) or semi - markov decision processes ( smdp ), do not capture the fact that , in an asynchronous environment , the state of the environment may change during computation performed by the agent . in an asynchronous environment ,←
→ inferring parameters and structure of latent variable models by variational bayes ; current methods for learning graphical models with latent variables and a fixed structure estimate optimal values for the model parameters . whereas this approach usually produces overfitting and suboptimal generalization performance , carrying out the bayesian program of computing the full posterior distributions over the parameters remains a difficult problem . moreover , learning the structure of models with latent variable ←
→ towards visual ego - motion learning in robots ; many model - based visual odometry ( vo ) algorithms have been proposed in the past decade , often restricted to the type of camera optics , or the underlying motion manifold observed . we envision robots to be able to learn and perform these tasks , in a minimally supervised setting , as they gain more experience . to this end , we propose a fully trainable solution to visual ego - motion estimation for varied camera optics . we propose a visual ego - motion learning architec ←
→ a face recognition scheme using wavelet based dominant features ; in this paper , a multi - resolution feature extraction algorithm for face recognition is proposed based on two - dimensional discrete wavelet transform ( 2d - dwt ), which efficiently exploits the local spatial variations in a face image . for the purpose of feature extraction , instead of considering the entire face image , an entropy - based local band selection criterion is developed , which selects high - informative horizontal segments from the face ima ←
→ neural aggregation network for video face recognition ; this paper presents a neural aggregation network ( nan ) for video face recognition . the network takes a face video or face image set of a person with a variable number of face images as its input , and produces a compact , fixed - dimension feature representation for recognition . the whole network is composed of two modules . the feature embedding module is a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) which maps each face image to a feature vector . the aggregat ←
→ deeplearningkit - an gpu optimized deep learning framework for apple ' s ios , os x and tvos developed in metal and swift ; in this paper we present deeplearningkit - an open source framework that supports using pretrained deep learning models ( convolutional neural networks ) for ios , os x and tvos . deeplearningkit is developed in metal in order to utilize the gpu efficiently and swift for integration with applications , e . g . ios - based mobile apps on iphone / ipad , tvos - based apps for the big screen , or os x des ←
→ robot location estimation in the situation calculus ; location estimation is a fundamental sensing task in robotic applications , where the world is uncertain , and sensors and effectors are noisy . most systems make various assumptions about the dependencies between state variables , and especially about how these dependencies change as a result of actions . building on a general framework by bacchus , halpern and levesque for reasoning about degrees of belief in the situation calculus , and a recent extension to ←
→ reconstruction of ~ 3 - d rigid smooth curves moving free when two traceable points only are available ; this paper extends previous research in that sense that for orthogonal projections of rigid smooth ( true - 3d ) curves moving totally free it reduces the number of required traceable points to two only ( the best results known so far to the author are 3 points from free motion and 2 for motion restricted to rotation around a fixed direction and and 2 for motion restricted to influence of a homogeneous force fi ←
→ iterative hard thresholding methods for $ l_0 $ regularized convex cone programming ; in this paper we consider $ l_0 $ regularized convex cone programming problems . in particular , we first propose an iterative hard thresholding ( iht ) method and its variant for solving $ l_0 $ regularized box constrained convex programming . we show that the sequence generated by these methods converges to a local minimizer . also , we establish the iteration complexity of the iht method for finding an $\ epsilon $- local - optimal sol ←
→ some reflections on the set - based and the conditional - based interpretations of statements in syllogistic reasoning ; two interpretations about syllogistic statements are described in this paper . one is the so - called set - based interpretation , which assumes that quantified statements and syllogisms talk about quantity - relationships between sets . the other one , the so - called conditional interpretation , assumes that quantified propositions talk about conditional propositions and how strong are the links betwe ←
→ multi - view stereo 3d edge reconstruction ; this paper presents a novel method for the reconstruction of 3d edges in multi - view stereo scenarios . previous research in the field typically relied on video sequences and limited the reconstruction process to either straight line - segments , or edge - points , i . e ., 3d points that correspond to image edges . we instead propose a system , denoted as edgegraph3d , able to recover both straight and curved 3d edges from an unordered image sequence . a second contribution of t ←
→ sequential matrix completion ; we propose a novel algorithm for sequential matrix completion in a recommender system setting , where the $( i , j )$ th entry of the matrix corresponds to a user $ i $' s rating of product $ j $. the objective of the algorithm is to provide a sequential policy for user - product pair recommendation which will yield the highest possible ratings after a finite time horizon . the algorithm uses a gamma process factor model with two posterior - focused bandit policies , thompson sampling and info ←
→ better foreground segmentation through graph cuts ; for many tracking and surveillance applications , background subtraction provides an effective means of segmenting objects moving in front of a static background . researchers have traditionally used combinations of morphological operations to remove the noise inherent in the background - subtracted result . such techniques can effectively isolate foreground objects , but tend to lose fidelity around the borders of the segmentation , especially for noisy input . t ←
→ pointcnn ; we present a simple and general framework for feature learning from point cloud . the key to the success of cnns is the convolution operator that is capable of leveraging spatially - local correlation in data represented densely in grids ( e . g . images ). however , point cloud are irregular and unordered , thus a direct convolving of kernels against the features associated with the points will result in deserting the shape information while being variant to the orders . to address these problems , we propo ←
→ session analysis using plan recognition ; this paper presents preliminary results of our work with a major financial company , where we try to use methods of plan recognition in order to investigate the interactions of a costumer with the company ' s online interface . in this paper , we present the first steps of integrating a plan recognition algorithm in a real - world application for detecting and analyzing the interactions of a costumer . it uses a novel approach for plan recognition from bare - bone ui data , wh ←
→ a maximal large deviation inequality for sub - gaussian variables ; in this short note we prove a maximal concentration lemma for sub - gaussian random variables stating that for independent sub - gaussian random variables we have \[ p <(\ max_ { 1 \ le i \ le n } s_ { i }>\ epsilon >) \ le \ exp <(-\ frac { 1 }{ n ^ 2 }\ sum_ { i = 1 }^{ n }\ frac {\ epsilon ^{ 2 }}{ 2 \ sigma_ { i }^{ 2 }}>), \] where $ s_i $ is the sum of $ i $ zero mean independent sub - gaussian random variables and $\ sigma_i $ is the variance of the $ i $ th random variable .←
→ design , analysis and application of a volumetric convolutional neural network ; the design , analysis and application of a volumetric convolutional neural network ( vcnn ) are studied in this work . although many cnns have been proposed in the literature , their design is empirical . in the design of the vcnn , we propose a feed - forward k - means clustering algorithm to determine the filter number and size at each convolutional layer systematically . for the analysis of the vcnn , the cause of confusing classes in t ←
→ reconstructing the forest of lineage trees of diverse bacterial communities using bio - inspired image analysis ; cell segmentation and tracking allow us to extract a plethora of cell attributes from bacterial time - lapse cell movies , thus promoting computational modeling and simulation of biological processes down to the single - cell level . however , to analyze successfully complex cell movies , imaging multiple interacting bacterial clones as they grow and merge to generate overcrowded bacterial communities w ←
→ similarity - based multi - label learning ; multi - label classification is an important learning problem with many applications . in this work , we propose a principled similarity - based approach for multi - label learning called sml . we also introduce a similarity - based approach for predicting the label set size . the experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of sml for multi - label classification where it is shown to compare favorably with a wide variety of existing algorithms across a range of evaluation cr ←
→ multiresolution hierarchy co - clustering for semantic segmentation in sequences with small variations ; this paper presents a co - clustering technique that , given a collection of images and their hierarchies , clusters nodes from these hierarchies to obtain a coherent multiresolution representation of the image collection . we formalize the co - clustering as a quadratic semi - assignment problem and solve it with a linear programming relaxation approach that makes effective use of information from hierarchies . i ←
→ locally private bayesian inference for count models ; as more aspects of social interaction are digitally recorded , there is a growing need to develop privacy - preserving data analysis methods . social scientists will be more likely to adopt these methods if doing so entails minimal change to their current methodology . toward that end , we present a general and modular method for privatizing bayesian inference for poisson factorization , a broad class of models that contains some of the most widely used models ←
→ to preference via entrenchment ; we introduce a simple generalization of gardenfors and makinson ' s epistemic entrenchment called partial entrenchment . we show that preferential inference can be generated as the sceptical counterpart of an inference mechanism defined directly on partial entrenchment .←
→ introducing geometry in active learning for image segmentation ; we propose an active learning approach to training a segmentation classifier that exploits geometric priors to streamline the annotation process in 3d image volumes . to this end , we use these priors not only to select voxels most in need of annotation but to guarantee that they lie on 2d planar patch , which makes it much easier to annotate than if they were randomly distributed in the volume . a simplified version of this approach is effective ←
→ quantitative entropy study of language complexity ; we study the entropy of chinese and english texts , based on characters in case of chinese texts and based on words for both languages . significant differences are found between the languages and between different personal styles of debating partners . the entropy analysis points in the direction of lower entropy , that is of higher complexity . such a text analysis would be applied for individuals of different styles , a single individual at different age , as ←
→ deep generative image models using a laplacian pyramid of adversarial networks ; in this paper we introduce a generative parametric model capable of producing high quality samples of natural images . our approach uses a cascade of convolutional networks within a laplacian pyramid framework to generate images in a coarse - to - fine fashion . at each level of the pyramid , a separate generative convnet model is trained using the generative adversarial nets ( gan ) approach ( goodfellow et al .). samples drawn from ou ←
→ deep anticipation : light weight intelligent mobile sensing in iot by recurrent architecture ; the rapid growth of iot era is shaping the future of mobile services . advanced communication technology enables a heterogeneous connectivity where mobile devices broadcast information to everything . mobile applications such as robotics and vehicles connecting to cloud and surroundings transfer the short - range on - board sensor perception system to long - range mobile - sensing perception system . however , the mobile sen ←
→ a dynamic vulnerability map to assess the risk of road network traffic utilization ; le havre agglomeration ( codah ) includes 16 establishments classified seveso with high threshold . in the literature , we construct vulnerability maps to help decision makers assess the risk . such approaches remain static and do take into account the population displacement in the estimation of the vulnerability . we propose a decision making tool based on a dynamic vulnerability map to evaluate the difficulty of evacuation i ←
→ improving generalization ability of genetic programming : comparative study ; in the field of empirical modeling using genetic programming ( gp ), it is important to evolve solution with good generalization ability . generalization ability of gp solutions get affected by two important issues : bloat and over - fitting . bloat is uncontrolled growth of code without any gain in fitness and important issue in gp . we surveyed and classified existing literature related to different techniques used by gp research commu ←
→ fine - grained prediction of syntactic typology : discovering latent structure with supervised learning ; we show how to predict the basic word - order facts of a novel language given only a corpus of part - of - speech ( pos ) sequences . we predict how often direct objects follow their verbs , how often adjectives follow their nouns , and in general the directionalities of all dependency relations . such typological properties could be helpful in grammar induction . while such a problem is usually regarded as unsupervi ←
→ deep multi - species embedding ; understanding how species are distributed across landscapes over time is a fundamental question in biodiversity research . unfortunately , most species distribution models only target a single species at a time , despite strong ecological evidence that species are not independently distributed . we propose deep multi - species embedding ( dmse ), which jointly embeds vectors corresponding to multiple species as well as vectors representing environmental covariates into a common high - d ←
→ good pairs of adjacency relations in arbitrary dimensions ; in this text we show , that the notion of a " good pair " that was introduced in the paper " digital manifolds and the theorem of jordan - brouwer " has actually known models . we will show , how to choose cubical adjacencies , the generalizations of the well known 4 - and 8 - neighborhood to arbitrary dimensions , in order to find good pairs . furthermore , we give another proof for the well known fact that the khalimsky - topology implies good pairs . the outcome i ←
→ emfet : e - mail features extraction tool ; emfet is an open source and flexible tool that can be used to extract a large number of features from any email corpus with emails saved in eml format . the extracted features can be categorized into three main groups : header features , payload ( body ) features , and attachment features . the purpose of the tool is to help practitioners and researchers to build datasets that can be used for training machine learning models for spam detection . so far , 140 features can be e ←
→ bit - tactical : exploiting ineffectual computations in convolutional neural networks : which , why , and how ; we show that , during inference with convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), more than 2x to $ 8x ineffectual work can be exposed if instead of targeting those weights and activations that are zero , we target different combinations of value stream properties . we demonstrate a practical application with bit - tactical ( tcl ), a hardware accelerator which exploits weight sparsity , per layer precision variabili ←
→ fast overlapping group lasso ; the group lasso is an extension of the lasso for feature selection on ( predefined ) non - overlapping groups of features . the non - overlapping group structure limits its applicability in practice . there have been several recent attempts to study a more general formulation , where groups of features are given , potentially with overlaps between the groups . the resulting optimization is , however , much more challenging to solve due to the group overlaps . in this paper , we consider the ←
→ generalized totalizer encoding for pseudo - boolean constraints ; pseudo - boolean constraints , also known as 0 - 1 integer linear constraints , are used to model many real - world problems . a common approach to solve these constraints is to encode them into a sat formula . the runtime of the sat solver on such formula is sensitive to the manner in which the given pseudo - boolean constraints are encoded . in this paper , we propose generalized totalizer encoding ( gte ), which is an arc - consistency preserving extension of ←
→ complexity and compilation of gz - aggregates in answer set programming ; gelfond and zhang recently proposed a new stable model semantics based on vicious circle principle in order to improve the interpretation of logic programs with aggregates . the paper focuses on this proposal , and analyzes the complexity of both coherence testing and cautious reasoning under the new semantics . some surprising results highlight similarities and differences versus mainstream stable model semantics for aggregates . moreover ,←
→ memristor models for machine learning ; in the quest for alternatives to traditional cmos , it is being suggested that digital computing efficiency and power can be improved by matching the precision to the application . many applications do not need the high precision that is being used today . in particular , large gains in area - and power efficiency could be achieved by dedicated analog realizations of approximate computing engines . in this work , we explore the use of memristor networks for analog approximat ←
→ mammalian value systems ; characterizing human values is a topic deeply interwoven with the sciences , humanities , art , and many other human endeavors . in recent years , a number of thinkers have argued that accelerating trends in computer science , cognitive science , and related disciplines foreshadow the creation of intelligent machines which meet and ultimately surpass the cognitive abilities of human beings , thereby entangling an understanding of human values with future technological development . contempo ←
→ delving into adversarial attacks on deep policies ; adversarial examples have been shown to exist for a variety of deep learning architectures . deep reinforcement learning has shown promising results on training agent policies directly on raw inputs such as image pixels . in this paper we present a novel study into adversarial attacks on deep reinforcement learning polices . we compare the effectiveness of the attacks using adversarial examples vs . random noise . we present a novel method for reducing the numb ←
→ pascal boundaries : a class - agnostic semantic boundary dataset ; in this paper , we address the boundary detection task motivated by the ambiguities in current definition of edge detection . to this end , we generate a large database consisting of more than 10k images ( which is 20x bigger than existing edge detection databases ) along with ground truth boundaries between 459 semantic classes including both foreground objects and different types of background , and call it the pascal boundaries dataset , which will ←
→ complex networks analysis of language complexity ; methods from statistical physics , such as those involving complex networks , have been increasingly used in quantitative analysis of linguistic phenomena . in this paper , we represented pieces of text with different levels of simplification in co - occurrence networks and found that topological regularity correlated negatively with textual complexity . furthermore , in less complex texts the distance between concepts , represented as nodes , tended to decrease . the ←
→ joint layout estimation and global multi - view registration for indoor reconstruction ; in this paper , we propose a novel method to jointly solve scene layout estimation and global registration problems for accurate indoor 3d reconstruction . given a sequence of range data , we first build a set of scene fragments using kinectfusion and register them through pose graph optimization . afterwards , we alternate between layout estimation and layout - based global registration processes in iterative fashion to compl ←
→ a software for aging faces applied to ancient marble busts ; the study and development of software able to show the effect of aging of faces is one of the tasks of face recognition technologies . some software solutions are used for investigations , some others to show the effects of drugs on healthy appearance , however some other applications can be proposed for the analysis of visual arts . here we use a freely available software , which is providing interesting results , for the comparison of ancient marble b ←
→ a complete classification of tractability in rcc - 5 ; we investigate the computational properties of the spatial algebra rcc - 5 which is a restricted version of the rcc framework for spatial reasoning . the satisfiability problem for rcc - 5 is known to be np - complete but not much is known about its approximately four billion subclasses . we provide a complete classification of satisfiability for all these subclasses into polynomial and np - complete respectively . in the process , we identify all maximal tractable s ←
→ real - time rgb - d based template matching pedestrian detection ; pedestrian detection is one of the most popular topics in computer vision and robotics . considering challenging issues in multiple pedestrian detection , we present a real - time depth - based template matching people detector . in this paper , we propose different approaches for training the depth - based template . we train multiple templates for handling issues due to various upper - body orientations of the pedestrians and different levels of detail in ←
→ a boosting approach to learning graph representations ; learning the right graph representation from noisy , multisource data has garnered significant interest in recent years . a central tenet of this problem is relational learning . here the objective is to incorporate the partial information each data source gives us in a way that captures the true underlying relationships . to address this challenge , we present a general , boosting - inspired framework for combining weak evidence of entity associations into a ←
→ logdet rank minimization with application to subspace clustering ; low - rank matrix is desired in many machine learning and computer vision problems . most of the recent studies use the nuclear norm as a convex surrogate of the rank operator . however , all singular values are simply added together by the nuclear norm , and thus the rank may not be well approximated in practical problems . in this paper , we propose to use a log - determinant ( logdet ) function as a smooth and closer , though non - convex , approximation ←
→ the discrete infinite logistic normal distribution ; we present the discrete infinite logistic normal distribution ( diln ), a bayesian nonparametric prior for mixed membership models . diln is a generalization of the hierarchical dirichlet process ( hdp ) that models correlation structure between the weights of the atoms at the group level . we derive a representation of diln as a normalized collection of gamma - distributed random variables , and study its statistical properties . we consider applications to topic ←
→ spectral estimation of conditional random graph models for large - scale network data ; generative models for graphs have been typically committed to strong prior assumptions concerning the form of the modeled distributions . moreover , the vast majority of currently available models are either only suitable for characterizing some particular network properties ( such as degree distribution or clustering coefficient ), or they are aimed at estimating joint probability distributions , which is often intractable i ←
→ plan in 2d , execute in 3d : an augmented reality solution for cup placement in total hip arthroplasty ; reproducibly achieving proper implant alignment is a critical step in total hip arthroplasty ( tha ) procedures that has been shown to substantially affect patient outcome . in current practice , correct alignment of the acetabular cup is verified in c - arm x - ray images that are acquired in an anterior - posterior ( ap ) view . favorable surgical outcome is , therefore , heavily dependent on the surgeon ' s experience ←
→ gradient conjugate priors and deep neural networks ; the paper deals with learning the probability distribution of the observed data by artificial neural networks . we suggest a so - called gradient conjugate prior ( gcp ) update appropriate for neural networks , which is a modification of the classical bayesian update for conjugate priors . we establish a connection between the gradient conjugate prior update and the maximization of the log - likelihood of the predictive distribution . unlike for the bayesian neural ←
→ a parallel and efficient algorithm for learning to match ; many tasks in data mining and related fields can be formalized as matching between objects in two heterogeneous domains , including collaborative filtering , link prediction , image tagging , and web search . machine learning techniques , referred to as learning - to - match in this paper , have been successfully applied to the problems . among them , a class of state - of - the - art methods , named feature - based matrix factorization , formalize the task as an extensio ←
→ travel time estimation using floating car data ; this report explores the use of machine learning techniques to accurately predict travel times in city streets and highways using floating car data ( location information of user vehicles on a road network ). the aim of this report is twofold , first we present a general architecture of solving this problem , then present and evaluate few techniques on real floating car data gathered over a month on a 5 km highway in new delhi .←
→ neutrality : a necessity for self - adaptation ; self - adaptation is used in all main paradigms of evolutionary computation to increase efficiency . we claim that the basis of self - adaptation is the use of neutrality . in the absence of external control neutrality allows a variation of the search distribution without the risk of fitness loss .←
→ material quality assessment of silk nanofibers based on swarm intelligence ; in this paper , we propose a novel approach for texture analysis based on artificial crawler model . our method assumes that each agent can interact with the environment and each other . the evolution process converges to an equilibrium state according to the set of rules . for each textured image , the feature vector is composed by signatures of the live agents curve at each time . experimental results revealed that combining the mini ←
→ a framework for accurate drought forecasting system using semantics - based data integration middleware ; technological advancement in wireless sensor networks ( wsn ) has made it become an invaluable component of a reliable environmental monitoring system ; they form the digital skin ' through which to ' sense ' and collect the context of the surroundings and provides information on the process leading to complex events such as drought . however , these environmental properties are measured by various heterogeneou ←
→ handwriting recognition using cohort of lstm and lexicon verification with extremely large lexicon ; state - of - the - art methods for handwriting recognition are based on long short term memory ( lstm ) recurrent neural networks ( rnn ), which now provides very impressive character recognition performance . the character recognition is generally coupled with a lexicon driven decoding process which integrates dictionaries . unfortunately these dictionaries are limited to hundred of thousands words for the best syste ←
→ modeling latent attention within neural networks ; deep neural networks are able to solve tasks across a variety of domains and modalities of data . despite many empirical successes , we lack the ability to clearly understand and interpret the learned internal mechanisms that contribute to such effective behaviors or , more critically , failure modes . in this work , we present a general method for visualizing an arbitrary neural network ' s inner mechanisms and their power and limitations . our dataset - centric meth ←
→ deep koalarization : image colorization using cnns and inception - resnet - v2 ; we review some of the most recent approaches to colorize gray - scale images using deep learning methods . inspired by these , we propose a model which combines a deep convolutional neural network trained from scratch with high - level features extracted from the inception - resnet - v2 pre - trained model . thanks to its fully convolutional architecture , our encoder - decoder model can process images of any size and aspect ratio . other than pre ←
→ image - based vehicle analysis using deep neural network : a systematic study ; we address the vehicle detection and classification problems using deep neural networks ( dnns ) approaches . here we answer to questions that are specific to our application including how to utilize dnn for vehicle detection , what features are useful for vehicle classification , and how to extend a model trained on a limited size dataset , to the cases of extreme lighting condition . answering these questions we propose our approach t ←
→ the evolutionary origins of hierarchy ; hierarchical organization -- the recursive composition of sub - modules -- is ubiquitous in biological networks , including neural , metabolic , ecological , and genetic regulatory networks , and in human - made systems , such as large organizations and the internet . to date , most research on hierarchy in networks has been limited to quantifying this property . however , an open , important question in evolutionary biology is why hierarchical organization evolves in the first plac ←
→ improving multi - step traffic flow prediction ; in its simplest form , the traffic flow prediction problem is restricted to predicting a single time - step into the future . multi - step traffic flow prediction extends this set - up to the case where predicting multiple time - steps into the future based on some finite history is of interest . this problem is significantly more difficult than its single - step variant and is known to suffer from degradation in predictions as the time step increases . in this paper , two ap ←
→ momo : monocular motion estimation on manifolds ; knowledge about the location of a vehicle is indispensable for autonomous driving . in order to apply global localisation methods , a pose prior must be known which can be obtained from visual odometry . the quality and robustness of that prior determine the success of localisation . momo is a monocular frame - to - frame motion estimation methodology providing a high quality visual odometry for that purpose . by taking into account the motion model of the vehicle , re ←
→ picture collage with genetic algorithm and stereo vision ; in this paper , a salient region extraction method for creating picture collage based on stereo vision is proposed . picture collage is a kind of visual image summary to arrange all input images on a given canvas , allowing overlay , to maximize visible visual information . the salient regions of each image are firstly extracted and represented as a depth map . the output picture collage shows as many visible salient regions ( without being overlaid by oth ←
→ understanding the visual speech signal ; for machines to lipread , or understand speech from lip movement , they decode lip - motions ( known as visemes ) into the spoken sounds . we investigate the visual speech channel to further our understanding of visemes . this has applications beyond machine lipreading ; speech therapists , animators , and psychologists can benefit from this work . we explain the influence of speaker individuality , and demonstrate how one can use visemes to boost lipreading .←
→ a novel clustering algorithm based upon games on evolving network ; this paper introduces a model based upon games on an evolving network , and develops three clustering algorithms according to it . in the clustering algorithms , data points for clustering are regarded as players who can make decisions in games . on the network describing relationships among data points , an edge - removing - and - rewiring ( err ) function is employed to explore in a neighborhood of a data point , which removes edges connecting to neigh ←
→ a survey of sparse representation : algorithms and applications ; sparse representation has attracted much attention from researchers in fields of signal processing , image processing , computer vision and pattern recognition . sparse representation also has a good reputation in both theoretical research and practical applications . many different algorithms have been proposed for sparse representation . the main purpose of this article is to provide a comprehensive study and an updated review on sparse represent ←
→ on using monolingual corpora in neural machine translation ; recent work on end - to - end neural network - based architectures for machine translation has shown promising results for en - fr and en - de translation . arguably , one of the major factors behind this success has been the availability of high quality parallel corpora . in this work , we investigate how to leverage abundant monolingual corpora for neural machine translation . compared to a phrase - based and hierarchical baseline , we obtain up to $ 1 . 96 $ bleu im ←
→ edward : a library for probabilistic modeling , inference , and criticism ; probabilistic modeling is a powerful approach for analyzing empirical information . we describe edward , a library for probabilistic modeling . edward ' s design reflects an iterative process pioneered by george box : build a model of a phenomenon , make inferences about the model given data , and criticize the model ' s fit to the data . edward supports a broad class of probabilistic models , efficient algorithms for inference , and many technique ←
→ on the connection between differential privacy and adversarial robustness in machine learning ; adversarial examples in machine learning has been a topic of intense research interest , with attacks and defenses being developed in a tight back - and - forth . most past defenses are best - effort , heuristic approaches that have all been shown to be vulnerable to sophisticated attacks . more recently , rigorous defenses that provide formal guarantees have emerged , but are hard to scale or generalize . a rigorous and ge ←
→ ontology - supported processing of clinical text using medical knowledge integration for multi - label classification of diagnosis coding ; this paper discusses the knowledge integration of clinical information extracted from distributed medical ontology in order to ameliorate a machine learning - based multi - label coding assignment system . the proposed approach is implemented using a decision tree based cascade hierarchical technique on the university hospital data for patients with coronary heart disease ( chd ←
→ stratified bayesian optimization ; we consider derivative - free black - box global optimization of expensive noisy functions , when most of the randomness in the objective is produced by a few influential scalar random inputs . we present a new bayesian global optimization algorithm , called stratified bayesian optimization ( sbo ), which uses this strong dependence to improve performance . our algorithm is similar in spirit to stratification , a technique from simulation , which uses strong dependence on a categorica ←
→ goal conflict in designing an autonomous artificial system ; research on human self - regulation has shown that people hold many goals simultaneously and have complex self - regulation mechanisms to deal with this goal conflict . artificial autonomous systems may also need to find ways to cope with conflicting goals . indeed , the intricate interplay among different goals may be critical to the design as well as long - term safety and stability of artificial autonomous systems . i discuss some of the critical feature ←
→ hybrid poisson and multi - bernoulli filters ; the probability hypothesis density ( phd ) and multi - target multi - bernoulli ( member ) filters are two leading algorithms that have emerged from random finite sets ( rfs ). in this paper we study a method which combines these two approaches . our work is motivated by a sister paper , which proves that the full bayes rfs filter naturally incorporates a poisson component representing targets that have never been detected , and a linear combination of multi - bernoulli compone ←
→ detekcja upadku i wybranych akcji na sekwencjach obrazów cyfrowych ; in recent years a growing interest on action recognition is observed , including detection of fall accident for the elderly . however , despite many efforts undertaken , the existing technology is not widely used by elderly , mainly because of its flaws like low precision , large number of false alarms , inadequate privacy preserving during data acquisition and processing . this research work meets these expectations . the work is empirical and it ←
→ faster stochastic variational inference using proximal - gradient methods with general divergence functions ; several recent works have explored stochastic gradient methods for variational inference that exploit the geometry of the variational - parameter space . however , the theoretical properties of these methods are not well - understood and these methods typically only apply to conditionally - conjugate models . we present a new stochastic method for variational inference which exploits the geometry of the vari ←
→ scaling - up split - merge mcmc with locality sensitive sampling ( lss ) ; split - merge mcmc ( monte carlo markov chain ) is one of the essential and popular variants of mcmc for problems when an mcmc state consists of an unknown number of components . it is well known that state - of - the - art methods for split - merge mcmc do not scale well . strategies for rapid mixing requires smart and informative proposals to reduce the rejection rate . however , all known smart proposals involve expensive operations to suggest informat ←
→ query - by - example search with discriminative neural acoustic word embeddings ; query - by - example search often uses dynamic time warping ( dtw ) for comparing queries and proposed matching segments . recent work has shown that comparing speech segments by representing them as fixed - dimensional vectors --- acoustic word embeddings --- and measuring their vector distance ( e . g ., cosine distance ) can discriminate between words more accurately than dtw - based approaches . we consider an approach to query - by - example se ←
→ learning similarity functions for pronunciation variations ; a significant source of errors in automatic speech recognition ( asr ) systems is due to pronunciation variations which occur in spontaneous and conversational speech . usually asr systems use a finite lexicon that provides one or more pronunciations for each word . in this paper , we focus on learning a similarity function between two pronunciations . the pronunciations can be the canonical and the surface pronunciations of the same word or they can be ←
→ a patchmatch - based dense - field algorithm for video copy - move detection and localization ; we propose a new algorithm for the reliable detection and localization of video copy - move forgeries . discovering well crafted video copy - moves may be very difficult , especially when some uniform background is copied to occlude foreground objects . to reliably detect both additive and occlusive copy - moves we use a dense - field approach , with invariant features that guarantee robustness to several post - processing operati ←
→ identity mappings in deep residual networks ; deep residual networks have emerged as a family of extremely deep architectures showing compelling accuracy and nice convergence behaviors . in this paper , we analyze the propagation formulations behind the residual building blocks , which suggest that the forward and backward signals can be directly propagated from one block to any other block , when using identity mappings as the skip connections and after - addition activation . a series of ablation experiments sup ←
→ the high - conductance state enables neural sampling in networks of lif neurons ; the apparent stochasticity of in - vivo neural circuits has long been hypothesized to represent a signature of ongoing stochastic inference in the brain . more recently , a theoretical framework for neural sampling has been proposed , which explains how sample - based inference can be performed by networks of spiking neurons . one particular requirement of this approach is that the neural response function closely follows a logistic c ←
→ ensemble of generative and discriminative techniques for sentiment analysis of movie reviews ; sentiment analysis is a common task in natural language processing that aims to detect polarity of a text document ( typically a consumer review ). in the simplest settings , we discriminate only between positive and negative sentiment , turning the task into a standard binary classification problem . we compare several ma - chine learning approaches to this problem , and combine them to achieve the best possible resul ←
→ textboxes ++: a single - shot oriented scene text detector ; scene text detection is an important step of scene text recognition system and also a challenging problem . different from general object detection , the main challenges of scene text detection lie on arbitrary orientations , small sizes , and significantly variant aspect ratios of text in natural images . in this paper , we present an end - to - end trainable fast scene text detector , named textboxes ++, which detects arbitrary - oriented scene text with both hi ←
→ segment - phrase table for semantic segmentation , visual entailment and paraphrasing ; we introduce segment - phrase table ( spt ), a large collection of bijective associations between textual phrases and their corresponding segmentations . leveraging recent progress in object recognition and natural language semantics , we show how we can successfully build a high - quality segment - phrase table using minimal human supervision . more importantly , we demonstrate the unique value unleashed by this rich bimodal resourc ←
→ wngrad : learn the learning rate in gradient descent ; adjusting the learning rate schedule in stochastic gradient methods is an important unresolved problem which requires tuning in practice . if certain parameters of the loss function such as smoothness or strong convexity constants are known , theoretical learning rate schedules can be applied . however , in practice , such parameters are not known , and the loss function of interest is not convex in any case . the recently proposed batch normalization reparamet ←
→ seeing unseeability to see the unseeable ; we present a framework that allows an observer to determine occluded portions of a structure by finding the maximum - likelihood estimate of those occluded portions consistent with visible image evidence and a consistency model . doing this requires determining which portions of the structure are occluded in the first place . since each process relies on the other , we determine a solution to both problems in tandem . we extend our framework to determine confidence of on ←
→ a new solution to the relative orientation problem using only 3 points and the vertical direction ; this paper presents a new method to recover the relative pose between two images , using three points and the vertical direction information . the vertical direction can be determined in two ways : 1 - using direct physical measurement like imu ( inertial measurement unit ), 2 - using vertical vanishing point . this knowledge of the vertical direction solves 2 unknowns among the 3 parameters of the relative rotatio ←
→ transductive optimization of top k precision ; consider a binary classification problem in which the learner is given a labeled training set , an unlabeled test set , and is restricted to choosing exactly $ k $ test points to output as positive predictions . problems of this kind ---{\ it transductive precision @$ k $}--- arise in information retrieval , digital advertising , and reserve design for endangered species . previous methods separate the training of the model from its use in scoring the test points . this paper ←
→ towards smart proof search for isabelle ; despite the recent progress in automatic theorem provers , proof engineers are still suffering from the lack of powerful proof automation . in this position paper we first report our proof strategy language based on a meta - tool approach . then , we propose an ai - based approach to drastically improve proof automation for isabelle , while identifying three major challenges we plan to address for this objective .←
→ incremental learning in deep convolutional neural networks using partial network sharing ; deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ) based supervised learning is a widely practiced approach for large - scale image classification . however , retraining these large networks to accommodate new , previously unseen data demands high computational time and energy requirements . also , previously seen training samples may not be available at the time of retraining . we propose an efficient training methodology and increm ←
→ a multilingual framenet - based grammar and lexicon for controlled natural language ; berkeley framenet is a lexico - semantic resource for english based on the theory of frame semantics . it has been exploited in a range of natural language processing applications and has inspired the development of framenets for many languages . we present a methodological approach to the extraction and generation of a computational multilingual framenet - based grammar and lexicon . the approach leverages framenet - annotated cor ←
→ visual analytics in deep learning : an interrogative survey for the next frontiers ; deep learning has recently seen rapid development and significant attention due to its state - of - the - art performance on previously - thought hard problems . however , because of the innate complexity and nonlinear structure of deep neural networks , the underlying decision making processes for why these models are achieving such high performance are challenging and sometimes mystifying to interpret . as deep learning spreads acro ←
→ learning optimal policies from observational data ; choosing optimal ( or at least better ) policies is an important problem in domains from medicine to education to finance and many others . one approach to this problem is through controlled experiments / trials - but controlled experiments are expensive . hence it is important to choose the best policies on the basis of observational data . this presents two difficult challenges : ( i ) missing counterfactuals , and ( ii ) selection bias . this paper presents theoretic ←
→ optimization methods for convolutional sparse coding ; sparse and convolutional constraints form a natural prior for many optimization problems that arise from physical processes . detecting motifs in speech and musical passages , super - resolving images , compressing videos , and reconstructing harmonic motions can all leverage redundancies introduced by convolution . solving problems involving sparse and convolutional constraints remains a difficult computational problem , however . in this paper we present an ov ←
→ convolutional neural networks that teach microscopes how to image ; deep learning algorithms offer a powerful means to automatically analyze the content of medical images . however , many biological samples of interest are primarily transparent to visible light and contain features that are difficult to resolve with a standard optical microscope . here , we use a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) not only to classify images , but also to optimize the physical layout of the imaging device itself . we increase the ←
→ exact tensor completion with sum - of - squares ; we obtain the first polynomial - time algorithm for exact tensor completion that improves over the bound implied by reduction to matrix completion . the algorithm recovers an unknown 3 - tensor with $ r $ incoherent , orthogonal components in $\ mathbb r ^ n $ from $ r \ cdot \ tilde o ( n ^{ 1 . 5 })$ randomly observed entries of the tensor . this bound improves over the previous best one of $ r \ cdot \ tilde o ( n ^{ 2 })$ by reduction to exact matrix completion . our bound also matches the b ←
→ parallelizing exploration - exploitation tradeoffs with gaussian process bandit optimization ; can one parallelize complex exploration exploitation tradeoffs ? as an example , consider the problem of optimal high - throughput experimental design , where we wish to sequentially design batches of experiments in order to simultaneously learn a surrogate function mapping stimulus to response and identify the maximum of the function . we formalize the task as a multi - armed bandit problem , where the unknown payoff func ←
→ reconfiguring the imaging pipeline for computer vision ; advancements in deep learning have ignited an explosion of research on efficient hardware for embedded computer vision . hardware vision acceleration , however , does not address the cost of capturing and processing the image data that feeds these algorithms . we examine the role of the image signal processing ( isp ) pipeline in computer vision to identify opportunities to reduce computation and save energy . the key insight is that imaging pipelines should ←
→ local training for plda in speaker verification ; plda is a popular normalization approach for the i - vector model , and it has delivered state - of - the - art performance in speaker verification . however , plda training requires a large amount of labeled development data , which is highly expensive in most cases . a possible approach to mitigate the problem is various unsupervised adaptation methods , which use unlabeled data to adapt the plda scattering matrices to the target domain . in this paper , we present a ne ←
→ on measuring linguistic intelligence ; this work addresses the problem of measuring how many languages a person " effectively " speaks given that some of the languages are close to each other . in other words , to assign a meaningful number to her language portfolio . intuition says that someone who speaks fluently spanish and portuguese is linguistically less proficient compared to someone who speaks fluently spanish and chinese since it takes more effort for a native spanish speaker to learn chinese than portu ←
→ sidestepping the triangulation problem in bayesian net computations ; this paper presents a new approach for computing posterior probabilities in bayesian nets , which sidesteps the triangulation problem . the current state of art is the clique tree propagation approach . when the underlying graph of a bayesian net is triangulated , this approach arranges its cliques into a tree and computes posterior probabilities by appropriately passing around messages in that tree . the computation in each clique is simply d ←
→ explaining recurrent neural network predictions in sentiment analysis ; recently , a technique called layer - wise relevance propagation ( lrp ) was shown to deliver insightful explanations in the form of input space relevances for understanding feed - forward neural network classification decisions . in the present work , we extend the usage of lrp to recurrent neural networks . we propose a specific propagation rule applicable to multiplicative connections as they arise in recurrent network architectures such as ls ←
→ efficient convolutional neural network with binary quantization layer ; in this paper we introduce a novel method for segmentation that can benefit from general semantics of convolutional neural network ( cnn ). our segmentation proposes visually and semantically coherent image segments . we use binary encoding of cnn features to overcome the difficulty of the clustering on the high - dimensional cnn feature space . these binary encoding can be embedded into the cnn as an extra layer at the end of the network . th ←
→ charmanteau : character embedding models for portmanteau creation ; portmanteaus are a word formation phenomenon where two words are combined to form a new word . we propose character - level neural sequence - to - sequence ( s2s ) methods for the task of portmanteau generation that are end - to - end - trainable , language independent , and do not explicitly use additional phonetic information . we propose a noisy - channel - style model , which allows for the incorporation of unsupervised word lists , improving performance over a ←
→ conditional random fields and support vector machines : a hybrid approach ; we propose a novel hybrid loss for multiclass and structured prediction problems that is a convex combination of log loss for conditional random fields ( crfs ) and a multiclass hinge loss for support vector machines ( svms ). we provide a sufficient condition for when the hybrid loss is fisher consistent for classification . this condition depends on a measure of dominance between labels - specifically , the gap in per observation probabi ←
→ a structured language model ; the paper presents a language model that develops syntactic structure and uses it to extract meaningful information from the word history , thus enabling the use of long distance dependencies . the model assigns probability to every joint sequence of words - binary - parse - structure with headword annotation . the model , its probabilistic parametrization , and a set of experiments meant to evaluate its predictive power are presented .←
→ deepbrain : functional representation of neural in - situ hybridization images for gene ontology classification using deep convolutional autoencoders ; this paper presents a novel deep learning - based method for learning a functional representation of mammalian neural images . the method uses a deep convolutional denoising autoencoder ( cdae ) for generating an invariant , compact representation of in situ hybridization ( ish ) images . while most existing methods for bio - imaging analysis were not developed to handl ←
→ visual7w : grounded question answering in images ; we have seen great progress in basic perceptual tasks such as object recognition and detection . however , ai models still fail to match humans in high - level vision tasks due to the lack of capacities for deeper reasoning . recently the new task of visual question answering ( qa ) has been proposed to evaluate a model ' s capacity for deep image understanding . previous works have established a loose , global association between qa sentences and images . however , many ←
→ multi - dimensional type theory : rules , categories , and combinators for syntax and semantics ; we investigate the possibility of modelling the syntax and semantics of natural language by constraints , or rules , imposed by the multi - dimensional type theory nabla . the only multiplicity we explicitly consider is two , namely one dimension for the syntax and one dimension for the semantics , but the general perspective is important . for example , issues of pragmatics could be handled as additional dimensions . one ←
→ self - adaptation of mutation rates in non - elitist populations ; the runtime of evolutionary algorithms ( eas ) depends critically on their parameter settings , which are often problem - specific . automated schemes for parameter tuning have been developed to alleviate the high costs of manual parameter tuning . experimental results indicate that self - adaptation , where parameter settings are encoded in the genomes of individuals , can be effective in continuous optimisation . however , results in discrete optimisation ←
→ applying data augmentation to handwritten arabic numeral recognition using deep learning neural networks ; handwritten character recognition has been the center of research and a benchmark problem in the sector of pattern recognition and artificial intelligence , and it continues to be a challenging research topic . due to its enormous application many works have been done in this field focusing on different languages . arabic , being a diversified language has a huge scope of research with potential challeng ←
→ vrpbench : a vehicle routing benchmark tool ; the number of optimization techniques in the combinatorial domain is large and diversified . nevertheless , there is still a lack of real benchmarks to validate optimization algorithms . in this work we introduce vrpbench , a tool to create instances and visualize solutions to the vehicle routing problem ( vrp ) in a planar graph embedded in the euclidean 2d space . we use vrpbench to model a real - world mail delivery case of the city of artur nogueira . such scenarios we ←
→ a fuzzy based approach to text mining and document clustering ; fuzzy logic deals with degrees of truth . in this paper , we have shown how to apply fuzzy logic in text mining in order to perform document clustering . we took an example of document clustering where the documents had to be clustered into two categories . the method involved cleaning up the text and stemming of words . then , we chose m number of features which differ significantly in their word frequencies ( wf ), normalized by document length , betw ←
→ fast reading comprehension with convnets ; state - of - the - art deep reading comprehension models are dominated by recurrent neural nets . their sequential nature is a natural fit for language , but it also precludes parallelization within an instances and often becomes the bottleneck for deploying such models to latency critical scenarios . this is particularly problematic for longer texts . here we present a convolutional architecture as an alternative to these recurrent architectures . using simple dilated convol ←
→ stochastic admm for nonsmooth optimization ; we present a stochastic setting for optimization problems with nonsmooth convex separable objective functions over linear equality constraints . to solve such problems , we propose a stochastic alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) algorithm . our algorithm applies to a more general class of nonsmooth convex functions that does not necessarily have a closed - form solution by minimizing the augmented function directly . we also demonstrate the rates of con ←
→ human pose estimation in space and time using 3d cnn ; this paper explores the capabilities of convolutional neural networks to deal with a task that is easily manageable for humans : perceiving 3d pose of a human body from varying angles . however , in our approach , we are restricted to using a monocular vision system . for this purpose , we apply a convolutional neural network approach on rgb videos and extend it to three dimensional convolutions . this is done via encoding the time dimension in videos as the 3 ←
→ automatic detection and categorization of election - related tweets ; with the rise in popularity of public social media and micro - blogging services , most notably twitter , the people have found a venue to hear and be heard by their peers without an intermediary . as a consequence , and aided by the public nature of twitter , political scientists now potentially have the means to analyse and understand the narratives that organically form , spread and decline among the public in a political campaign . however , the ←
→ large - flip importance sampling ; we propose a new monte carlo algorithm for complex discrete distributions . the algorithm is motivated by the n - fold way , which is an ingenious event - driven mcmc sampler that avoids rejection moves at any specific state . the n - fold way can however get " trapped " in cycles . we surmount this problem by modifying the sampling process . this correction does introduce bias , but the bias is subsequently corrected with a carefully engineered importance sampler .←
→ on - line handwritten devanagari character recognition using fuzzy directional features ; this paper describes a new feature set for use in the recognition of on - line handwritten devanagari script based on fuzzy directional features . experiments are conducted for the automatic recognition of isolated handwritten character primitives ( sub - character units ). initially we describe the proposed feature set , called the fuzzy directional features ( fdf ) and then show how these features can be effectively utilized f ←
→ making up for the deficit in a marathon run ; to predict the final result of an athlete in a marathon run thoroughly is the eternal desire of each trainer . usually , the achieved result is weaker than the predicted one due to the objective ( e . g ., environmental conditions ) as well as subjective factors ( e . g ., athlete ' s malaise ). therefore , making up for the deficit between predicted and achieved results is the main ingredient of the analysis performed by trainers after the competition . in the analysis , they s ←
→ learning invariant representations of planar curves ; we propose a metric learning framework for the construction of invariant geometric functions of planar curves for the eucledian and similarity group of transformations . we leverage on the representational power of convolutional neural networks to compute these geometric quantities . in comparison with axiomatic constructions , we show that the invariants approximated by the learning architectures have better numerical qualities such as robustness to noise ,←
→ an agent based classification model ; the major function of this model is to access the uci wisconsin breast can - cer data - set [ 1 ] and classify the data items into two categories , which are normal and anomalous . this kind of classifi cation can be referred as anomaly detection , which discriminates anomalous behaviour from normal behaviour in computer systems . one popular solution for anomaly detection is artifi cial immune sys - tems ( ais ). ais are adaptive systems inspired by theoretical immunology and obser ←
→ improved performance of unsupervised method by renovated k - means ; clustering is a separation of data into groups of similar objects . every group called cluster consists of objects that are similar to one another and dissimilar to objects of other groups . in this paper , the k - means algorithm is implemented by three distance functions and to identify the optimal distance function for clustering methods . the proposed k - means algorithm is compared with k - means , static weighted k - means ( swk - means ) and dynamic w ←
→ does higher order lstm have better accuracy in chunking and named entity recognition ? ; current researches usually employ single order setting by default when dealing with sequence labeling tasks . in our work , " order " means the number of tags that a prediction involves at every time step . high order models tend to capture more dependency information among tags . we first propose a simple method that low order models can be easily extended to high order models . to our surprise , the high order models which a ←
→ coordinate descent converges faster with the gauss - southwell rule than random selection ; there has been significant recent work on the theory and application of randomized coordinate descent algorithms , beginning with the work of nesterov [ siam j . optim ., 22 ( 2 ), 2012 ], who showed that a random - coordinate selection rule achieves the same convergence rate as the gauss - southwell selection rule . this result suggests that we should never use the gauss - southwell rule , as it is typically much more expensive tha ←
→ a cuda - based real parameter optimization benchmark ; benchmarking is key for developing and comparing optimization algorithms . in this paper , a cuda - based real parameter optimization benchmark ( curob ) is introduced . test functions of diverse properties are included within curob and implemented efficiently with cuda . speedup of one order of magnitude can be achieved in comparison with cpu - based benchmark of cec ' 14 .←
→ a literature survey of benchmark functions for global optimization problems ; test functions are important to validate and compare the performance of optimization algorithms . there have been many test or benchmark functions reported in the literature ; however , there is no standard list or set of benchmark functions . ideally , test functions should have diverse properties so that can be truly useful to test new algorithms in an unbiased way . for this purpose , we have reviewed and compiled a rich set of 175 ←
→ revisiting multiple instance neural networks ; recently neural networks and multiple instance learning are both attractive topics in artificial intelligence related research fields . deep neural networks have achieved great success in supervised learning problems , and multiple instance learning as a typical weakly - supervised learning method is effective for many applications in computer vision , biometrics , nature language processing , etc . in this paper , we revisit the problem of solving multiple instance lea ←
→ optimistic robust optimization with applications to machine learning ; robust optimization has traditionally taken a pessimistic , or worst - case viewpoint of uncertainty which is motivated by a desire to find sets of optimal policies that maintain feasibility under a variety of operating conditions . in this paper , we explore an optimistic , or best - case view of uncertainty and show that it can be a fruitful approach . we show that these techniques can be used to address a wide variety of problems . first , we ap ←
→ sequential ensemble learning for outlier detection : a bias - variance perspective ; ensemble methods for classification and clustering have been effectively used for decades , while ensemble learning for outlier detection has only been studied recently . in this work , we design a new ensemble approach for outlier detection in multi - dimensional point data , which provides improved accuracy by reducing error through both bias and variance . although classification and outlier detection appear as different problem ←
→ prospective algorithms for quantum evolutionary computation ; this effort examines the intersection of the emerging field of quantum computing and the more established field of evolutionary computation . the goal is to understand what benefits quantum computing might offer to computational intelligence and how computational intelligence paradigms might be implemented as quantum programs to be run on a future quantum computer . we critically examine proposed algorithms and methods for implementing computationa ←
→ crime incidents embedding using restricted boltzmann machines ; we present a new approach for detecting related crime series , by unsupervised learning of the latent feature embeddings from narratives of crime record via the gaussian - bernoulli restricted boltzmann machines ( rbm ). this is a drastically different approach from prior work on crime analysis , which typically considers only time and location and at most category information . after the embedding , related cases are closer to each other in the euclid ←
→ image matching : an application - oriented benchmark ; image matching approaches have been widely used in computer vision applications in which the image - level matching performance of matchers is critical . however , it has not been well investigated by previous works which place more emphases on evaluating local features . to this end , we present a uniform benchmark with novel evaluation metrics and a large - scale dataset for evaluating the overall performance of image matching methods . the proposed metrics are a ←
→ comparison and combination of state - of - the - art techniques for handwritten character recognition : topping the mnist benchmark ; although the recognition of isolated handwritten digits has been a research topic for many years , it continues to be of interest for the research community and for commercial applications . we show that despite the maturity of the field , different approaches still deliver results that vary enough to allow improvements by using their combination . we do so by choosing four well - motiv ←
→ maximum likelihood fitting of acyclic directed mixed graphs to binary data ; acyclic directed mixed graphs , also known as semi - markov models represent the conditional independence structure induced on an observed margin by a dag model with latent variables . in this paper we present the first method for fitting these models to binary data using maximum likelihood estimation .←
→ implicit gradient neural networks with a positive - definite mass matrix for online linear equations solving ; motivated by the advantages achieved by implicit analogue net for solving online linear equations , a novel implicit neural model is designed based on conventional explicit gradient neural networks in this letter by introducing a positive - definite mass matrix . in addition to taking the advantages of the implicit neural dynamics , the proposed implicit gradient neural networks can still achieve global ←
→ benchmarking 6dof outdoor visual localization in changing conditions ; visual localization enables autonomous vehicles to navigate in their surroundings and augmented reality applications to link virtual to real worlds . practical visual localization approaches need to be robust to a wide variety of viewing condition , including day - night changes , as well as weather and seasonal variations , while providing highly accurate 6 degree - of - freedom ( 6dof ) camera pose estimates . in this paper , we introduce the first ←
→ dynamic action recognition : a convolutional neural network model for temporally organized joint location data ; motivation : recognizing human actions in a video is a challenging task which has applications in various fields . previous works in this area have either used images from a 2d or 3d camera . few have used the idea that human actions can be easily identified by the movement of the joints in the 3d space and instead used a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) for modeling . convolutional neural networks ( c ←
→ implementing general belief function framework with a practical codification for low complexity ; in this chapter , we propose a new practical codification of the elements of the venn diagram in order to easily manipulate the focal elements . in order to reduce the complexity , the eventual constraints must be integrated in the codification at the beginning . hence , we only consider a reduced hyper power set $ d_r ^\ theta $ that can be $ 2 ^\ theta $ or $ d ^\ theta $. we describe all the steps of a general belief funct ←
→ bayesian gan ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) can implicitly learn rich distributions over images , audio , and data which are hard to model with an explicit likelihood . we present a practical bayesian formulation for unsupervised and semi - supervised learning with gans . within this framework , we use stochastic gradient hamiltonian monte carlo to marginalize the weights of the generator and discriminator networks . the resulting approach is straightforward and obtains good performance without any standa ←
→ behavioral modeling for churn prediction : early indicators and accurate predictors of custom defection and loyalty ; churn prediction , or the task of identifying customers who are likely to discontinue use of a service , is an important and lucrative concern of firms in many different industries . as these firms collect an increasing amount of large - scale , heterogeneous data on the characteristics and behaviors of customers , new methods become possible for predicting churn . in this paper , we present a unifi ←
→ predicting daily activities from egocentric images using deep learning ; we present a method to analyze images taken from a passive egocentric wearable camera along with the contextual information , such as time and day of week , to learn and predict everyday activities of an individual . we collected a dataset of 40 , 103 egocentric images over a 6 month period with 19 activity classes and demonstrate the benefit of state - of - the - art deep learning techniques for learning and predicting daily activities . classifi ←
→ the multi - vehicle covering tour problem : building routes for urban patrolling ; in this paper we study a particular aspect of the urban community policing : routine patrol route planning . we seek routes that guarantee visibility , as this has a sizable impact on the community perceived safety , allowing quick emergency responses and providing surveillance of selected sites ( e . g ., hospitals , schools ). the planning is restricted to the availability of vehicles and strives to achieve balanced routes . we study a ←
→ to go or not to go ? a near unsupervised learning approach for robot navigation ; it is important for robots to be able to decide whether they can go through a space or not , as they navigate through a dynamic environment . this capability can help them avoid injury or serious damage , e . g ., as a result of running into people and obstacles , getting stuck , or falling off an edge . to this end , we propose an unsupervised and a near - unsupervised method based on generative adversarial networks ( gan ) to classify sc ←
→ seer : empowering software defined networking with data analytics ; network complexity is increasing , making network control and orchestration a challenging task . the proliferation of network information and tools for data analytics can provide an important insight into resource provisioning and optimisation . the network knowledge incorporated in software defined networking can facilitate the knowledge driven control , leveraging the network programmability . we present seer : a flexible , highly configurable da ←
→ evolution of ideas : a novel memetic algorithm based on semantic networks ; this paper presents a new type of evolutionary algorithm ( ea ) based on the concept of " meme ", where the individuals forming the population are represented by semantic networks and the fitness measure is defined as a function of the represented knowledge . our work can be classified as a novel memetic algorithm ( ma ), given that ( 1 ) it is the units of culture , or information , that are undergoing variation , transmission , and selection , v ←
→ a correlation clustering approach to link classification in signed networks -- full version -- ; motivated by social balance theory , we develop a theory of link classification in signed networks using the correlation clustering index as measure of label regularity . we derive learning bounds in terms of correlation clustering within three fundamental transductive learning settings : online , batch and active . our main algorithmic contribution is in the active setting , where we introduce a new family of effic ←
→ towards trainable media : using waves for neural network - style training ; in this paper we study the concept of using the interaction between waves and a trainable medium in order to construct a matrix - vector multiplier . in particular we study such a device in the context of the backpropagation algorithm , which is commonly used for training neural networks . here , the weights of the connections between neurons are trained by multiplying a ` forward ' signal with a backwards propagating ` error ' signal . we show t ←
→ kullback - leibler penalized sparse discriminant analysis for event - related potential classification ; a brain computer interface ( bci ) is a system which provides direct communication between the mind of a person and the outside world by using only brain activity ( eeg ). the event - related potential ( erp )- based bci problem consists of a binary pattern recognition . linear discriminant analysis ( lda ) is widely used to solve this type of classification problems , but it fails when the number of features is large ←
→ visual based navigation of mobile robots ; we have developed an algorithm to generate a complete map of the traversable region for a personal assistant robot using monocular vision only . using multiple taken by a simple webcam , obstacle detection and avoidance algorithms have been developed . simple linear iterative clustering ( slic ) has been used for segmentation to reduce the memory and computation cost . a simple mapping technique using inverse perspective mapping and occupancy grids , which is robust , and ←
→ efficient learning of domain - invariant image representations ; we present an algorithm that learns representations which explicitly compensate for domain mismatch and which can be efficiently realized as linear classifiers . specifically , we form a linear transformation that maps features from the target ( test ) domain to the source ( training ) domain as part of training the classifier . we optimize both the transformation and classifier parameters jointly , and introduce an efficient cost function based on misc ←
→ convolutional gated recurrent neural network incorporating spatial features for audio tagging ; environmental audio tagging is a newly proposed task to predict the presence or absence of a specific audio event in a chunk . deep neural network ( dnn ) based methods have been successfully adopted for predicting the audio tags in the domestic audio scene . in this paper , we propose to use a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to extract robust features from mel - filter banks ( mfbs ), spectrograms or even raw wavefo ←
→ a dynamic approach to probabilistic inference ; in this paper we present a framework for dynamically constructing bayesian networks . we introduce the notion of a background knowledge base of schemata , which is a collection of parameterized conditional probability statements . these schemata explicitly separate the general knowledge of properties an individual may have from the specific knowledge of particular individuals that may have these properties . knowledge of individuals can be combined with this backg ←
→ testing for mathematical lineation in jim crace ' s " quarantine " and t . s . eliot ' s " four quartets " ; the mathematical distinction between prose and verse may be detected in writings that are not apparently lineated , for example in t . s . eliot ' s " burnt norton ", and jim crace ' s " quarantine ". in this paper we offer comments on appropriate statistical methods for such work , and also on the nature of formal innovation in these two texts . additional remarks are made on the roots of lineation as a metrical form , a ←
→ predicate generation for learning - based quantifier - free loop invariant inference ; we address the predicate generation problem in the context of loop invariant inference . motivated by the interpolation - based abstraction refinement technique , we apply the interpolation theorem to synthesize predicates implicitly implied by program texts . our technique is able to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the learning - based loop invariant inference algorithm in [ 14 ]. we report experiment results of example ←
→ unsupervised adaptation of brain machine interface decoders ; the performance of neural decoders can degrade over time due to nonstationarities in the relationship between neuronal activity and behavior . in this case , brain - machine interfaces ( bmi ) require adaptation of their decoders to maintain high performance across time . one way to achieve this is by use of periodical calibration phases , during which the bmi system ( or an external human demonstrator ) instructs the user to perform certain movements or b ←
→ scaling up dynamic topic models ; dynamic topic models ( dtms ) are very effective in discovering topics and capturing their evolution trends in time series data . to do posterior inference of dtms , existing methods are all batch algorithms that scan the full dataset before each update of the model and make inexact variational approximations with mean - field assumptions . due to a lack of a more scalable inference algorithm , despite the usefulness , dtms have not captured large topic dynamics . this paper fills ←
→ camera calibration for daylight specular - point locus ; in this paper we present a new camera calibration method aimed at finding a straight - line locus , in a special colour feature space , that is traversed by daylights and as well also approximately followed by specular points . the aim of the calibration is to enable recovering the colour of the illuminant in a scene , using the calibrated camera . first we prove theoretically that any candidate specular points , for an image that is generated by a specific cam ←
→ incorporating the knowledge of dermatologists to convolutional neural networks for the diagnosis of skin lesions ; this report describes our submission to the isic 2017 challenge in skin lesion analysis towards melanoma detection . we have participated in the part 3 : lesion classification with a system for automatic diagnosis of nevus , melanoma and seborrheic keratosis . our approach aims to incorporate the expert knowledge of dermatologists into the well known framework of convolutional neural networks ( cn ←
→ randomised variable neighbourhood search for multi objective optimisation ; various local search approaches have recently been applied to machine scheduling problems under multiple objectives . their foremost consideration is the identification of the set of pareto optimal alternatives . an important aspect of successfully solving these problems lies in the definition of an appropriate neighbourhood structure . unclear in this context remains , how interdependencies within the fitness landscape affect the res ←
→ segmentation - free vehicle license plate recognition using convnet - rnn ; while vehicle license plate recognition ( vlpr ) is usually done with a sliding window approach , it can have limited performance on datasets with characters that are of variable width . this can be solved by hand - crafting algorithms to prescale the characters . while this approach can work fairly well , the recognizer is only aware of the pixels within each detector window , and fails to account for other contextual information that might be ←
→ face alignment using k - cluster regression forests with weighted splitting ; in this work we present a face alignment pipeline based on two novel methods : weighted splitting for k - cluster regression forests and 3d affine pose regression for face shape initialization . our face alignment method is based on the local binary feature framework , where instead of standard regression forests and pixel difference features used in the original method , we use our k - cluster regression forests with weighted splitting (←
→ efficient loss - based decoding on graphs for extreme classification ; in extreme classification problems , learning algorithms are required to map instances to labels from an extremely large label set . we build on a recent extreme classification framework with logarithmic time and space , and on a general approach for error correcting output coding ( ecoc ), and introduce a flexible and efficient approach accompanied by bounds . our framework employs output codes induced by graphs , and offers a tradeoff between a ←
→ metric learning approach for graph - based label propagation ; the efficiency of graph - based semi - supervised algorithms depends on the graph of instances on which they are applied . the instances are often in a vectorial form before a graph linking them is built . the construction of the graph relies on a metric over the vectorial space that help define the weight of the connection between entities . the classic choice for this metric is usually a distance measure or a similarity measure based on the euclidean n ←
→ method for aspect - based sentiment annotation using rhetorical analysis ; this paper fills a gap in aspect - based sentiment analysis and aims to present a new method for preparing and analysing texts concerning opinion and generating user - friendly descriptive reports in natural language . we present a comprehensive set of techniques derived from rhetorical structure theory and sentiment analysis to extract aspects from textual opinions and then build an abstractive summary of a set of opinions . moreover , we pr ←
→ convolutional gated recurrent networks for video segmentation ; semantic segmentation has recently witnessed major progress , where fully convolutional neural networks have shown to perform well . however , most of the previous work focused on improving single image segmentation . to our knowledge , no prior work has made use of temporal video information in a recurrent network . in this paper , we introduce a novel approach to implicitly utilize temporal data in videos for online semantic segmentation . the method ←
→ challenge ieee - isbi / tcb : application of covariance matrices and wavelet marginals ; this short memo aims at explaining our approach for the challenge ieee - isbi on bone texture characterization . in this work , we focus on the use of covariance matrices and wavelet marginals in an svm classifier .←
→ knowledge distillation for small - footprint highway networks ; deep learning has significantly advanced state - of - the - art of speech recognition in the past few years . however , compared to conventional gaussian mixture acoustic models , neural network models are usually much larger , and are therefore not very deployable in embedded devices . previously , we investigated a compact highway deep neural network ( hdnn ) for acoustic modelling , which is a type of depth - gated feedforward neural network . we have shown tha ←
→ deep lesion graphs in the wild : relationship learning and organization of significant radiology image findings in a diverse large - scale lesion database ; radiologists in their daily work routinely find and annotate significant abnormalities on a large number of radiology images . such abnormalities , or lesions , have collected over years and stored in hospitals ' picture archiving and communication systems . however , they are basically unsorted and lack semantic annotations like type and location . in this p ←
→ robust nonparametric nearest neighbor random process clustering ; we consider the problem of clustering noisy finite - length observations of stationary ergodic random processes according to their generative models without prior knowledge of the model statistics and the number of generative models . two algorithms , both using the $ l ^ 1 $- distance between estimated power spectral densities ( psds ) as a measure of dissimilarity , are analyzed . the first one , termed nearest neighbor process clustering ( nnpc ), relies ←
→ towards the automatic anime characters creation with generative adversarial networks ; automatic generation of facial images has been well studied after the generative adversarial network ( gan ) came out . there exists some attempts applying the gan model to the problem of generating facial images of anime characters , but none of the existing work gives a promising result . in this work , we explore the training of gan models specialized on an anime facial image dataset . we address the issue from both the dat ←
→ efficient gaussian process classification using polya - gamma data augmentation ; we propose an efficient stochastic variational approach to gp classification building on polya - gamma data augmentation and inducing points , which is based on closed - form updates of natural gradients . we evaluate the algorithm on real - world datasets containing up to 11 million data points and demonstrate that it is up to three orders of magnitude faster than the state - of - the - art while being competitive in terms of prediction p ←
→ on evolutionary selection of blackjack strategies ; we apply the approach of evolutionary programming to the problem of optimization of the blackjack basic strategy . we demonstrate that the population of initially random blackjack strategies evolves and saturates to a profitable performance in about one hundred generations . the resulting strategy resembles the known blackjack basic strategies in the specifics of its prescriptions , and has a similar performance . we also study evolution of the population of s ←
→ where is my device ? - detecting the smart device ' s wearing location in the context of active safety for vulnerable road users ; this article describes an approach to detect the wearing location of smart devices worn by pedestrians and cyclists . the detection , which is based solely on the sensors of the smart devices , is important context - information which can be used to parametrize subsequent algorithms , e . g . for dead reckoning or intention detection to improve the safety of vulnerable road users . the wea ←
→ logical inferences with contexts of rdf triples ; logical inference , an integral feature of the semantic web , is the process of deriving new triples by applying entailment rules on knowledge bases . the entailment rules are determined by the model - theoretic semantics . incorporating context of an rdf triple ( e . g ., provenance , time , and location ) into the inferencing process requires the formal semantics to be capable of describing the context of rdf triples also in the form of triples , or in other words , rdf ←
→ reinforcement learning from imperfect demonstrations ; robust real - world learning should benefit from both demonstrations and interactions with the environment . current approaches to learning from demonstration and reward perform supervised learning on expert demonstration data and use reinforcement learning to further improve performance based on the reward received from the environment . these tasks have divergent losses which are difficult to jointly optimize and such methods can be very sensitive to nois ←
→ deep joint face hallucination and recognition ; deep models have achieved impressive performance for face hallucination tasks . however , we observe that directly feeding the hallucinated facial images into recog - nition models can even degrade the recognition performance despite the much better visualization quality . in this paper , we address this problem by jointly learning a deep model for two tasks , i . e . face hallucination and recognition . in particular , we design an end - to - end deep convolution network wi ←
→ block matching algorithm based on harmony search optimization for motion estimation ; motion estimation is one of the major problems in developing video coding applications . among all motion estimation approaches , block - matching ( bm ) algorithms are the most popular methods due to their effectiveness and simplicity for both software and hardware implementations . a bm approach assumes that the movement of pixels within a defined region of the current frame can be modeled as a translation of pixels contained ←
→ mining knowledge in astrophysical massive data sets ; modern scientific data mainly consist of huge datasets gathered by a very large number of techniques and stored in very diversified and often incompatible data repositories . more in general , in the e - science environment , it is considered as a critical and urgent requirement to integrate services across distributed , heterogeneous , dynamic " virtual organizations " formed by different resources within a single enterprise . in the last decade , astronomy has be ←
→ hyperspectral and multispectral image fusion based on a sparse representation ; this paper presents a variational based approach to fusing hyperspectral and multispectral images . the fusion process is formulated as an inverse problem whose solution is the target image assumed to live in a much lower dimensional subspace . a sparse regularization term is carefully designed , relying on a decomposition of the scene on a set of dictionaries . the dictionary atoms and the corresponding supports of active coding ←
→ deligan : generative adversarial networks for diverse and limited data ; a class of recent approaches for generating images , called generative adversarial networks ( gan ), have been used to generate impressively realistic images of objects , bedrooms , handwritten digits and a variety of other image modalities . however , typical gan - based approaches require large amounts of training data to capture the diversity across the image modality . in this paper , we propose deligan -- a novel gan - based architecture for d ←
→ impact of feature selection on micro - text classification ; social media datasets , especially twitter tweets , are popular in the field of text classification . tweets are a valuable source of micro - text ( sometimes referred to as " micro - blogs "), and have been studied in domains such as sentiment analysis , recommendation systems , spam detection , clustering , among others . tweets often include keywords referred to as " hashtags " that can be used as labels for the tweet . using tweets encompassing 50 labels , we stud ←
→ the complexity of integer bound propagation ; bound propagation is an important artificial intelligence technique used in constraint programming tools to deal with numerical constraints . it is typically embedded within a search procedure (" branch and prune ") and used at every node of the search tree to narrow down the search space , so it is critical that it be fast . the procedure invokes constraint propagators until a common fixpoint is reached , but the known algorithms for this have a pseudo - polynomial wor ←
→ robobarista : learning to manipulate novel objects via deep multimodal embedding ; there is a large variety of objects and appliances in human environments , such as stoves , coffee dispensers , juice extractors , and so on . it is challenging for a roboticist to program a robot for each of these object types and for each of their instantiations . in this work , we present a novel approach to manipulation planning based on the idea that many household objects share similarly - operated object parts . we formulate th ←
→ metalda : a topic model that efficiently incorporates meta information ; besides the text content , documents and their associated words usually come with rich sets of meta informa - tion , such as categories of documents and semantic / syntactic features of words , like those encoded in word embeddings . incorporating such meta information directly into the generative process of topic models can improve modelling accuracy and topic quality , especially in the case where the word - occurrence information in the traini ←
→ on - line condition monitoring using computational intelligence ; this paper presents bushing condition monitoring frameworks that use multi - layer perceptrons ( mlp ), radial basis functions ( rbf ) and support vector machines ( svm ) classifiers . the first level of the framework determines if the bushing is faulty or not while the second level determines the type of fault . the diagnostic gases in the bushings are analyzed using the dissolve gas analysis . mlp gives superior performance in terms of accuracy and trai ←
→ prime : a system for multi - lingual patent retrieval ; given the growing number of patents filed in multiple countries , users are interested in retrieving patents across languages . we propose a multi - lingual patent retrieval system , which translates a user query into the target language , searches a multilingual database for patents relevant to the query , and improves the browsing efficiency by way of machine translation and clustering . our system also extracts new translations from patent families consisting ←
→ exploiting functional dependencies in qualitative probabilistic reasoning ; functional dependencies restrict the potential interactions among variables connected in a probabilistic network . this restriction can be exploited in qualitative probabilistic reasoning by introducing deterministic variables and modifying the inference rules to produce stronger conclusions in the presence of functional relations . i describe how to accomplish these modifications in qualitative probabilistic networks by exhibiting ←
→ neural networks for dynamic shortest path routing problems - a survey ; this paper reviews the overview of the dynamic shortest path routing problem and the various neural networks to solve it . different shortest path optimization problems can be solved by using various neural networks algorithms . the routing in packet switched multi - hop networks can be described as a classical combinatorial optimization problem i . e . a shortest path routing problem in graphs . the survey shows that the neural networks are th ←
→ using description logics for recognising textual entailment ; the aim of this paper is to show how we can handle the recognising textual entailment ( rte ) task by using description logics ( dls ). to do this , we propose a representation of natural language semantics in dls inspired by existing representations in first - order logic . but our most significant contribution is the definition of two novel inference tasks : a - box saturation and subgraph detection which are crucial for our approach to rte .←
→ solving graph coloring problems with abstraction and symmetry ; this paper introduces a general methodology , based on abstraction and symmetry , that applies to solve hard graph edge - coloring problems and demonstrates its use to provide further evidence that the ramsey number $ r ( 4 , 3 , 3 )= 30 $. the number $ r ( 4 , 3 , 3 )$ is often presented as the unknown ramsey number with the best chances of being found " soon ". yet , its precise value has remained unknown for more than 50 years . we illustrate our approach by showing ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for de - novo drug design ; we propose a novel computational strategy based on deep and reinforcement learning techniques for de - novo design of molecules with desired properties . this strategy integrates two deep neural networks - generative and predictive - that are trained separately but employed jointly to generate novel chemical structures with the desired properties . generative models are trained to produce chemically feasible smiles , and predictive models are derived to foreca ←
→ near - optimal joint object matching via convex relaxation ; joint matching over a collection of objects aims at aggregating information from a large collection of similar instances ( e . g . images , graphs , shapes ) to improve maps between pairs of them . given multiple matches computed between a few object pairs in isolation , the goal is to recover an entire collection of maps that are ( 1 ) globally consistent , and ( 2 ) close to the provided maps --- and under certain conditions provably the ground - truth maps . desp ←
→ on the universality of memcomputing machines ; universal memcomputing machines ( umms ) [ ieee trans . neural netw . learn . syst . 26 , 2702 ( 2015 )] represent a novel computational model in which memory ( time non - locality ) accomplishes both tasks of storing and processing of information . umms have been shown to be turing - complete , namely they can simulate any turing machine . in this paper , using set theory and cardinality arguments , we compare them with liquid - state machines ( or " reservoir computing ") and quantum ←
→ comparative study of data mining query languages ; since formulation of inductive database ( idb ) problem , several data mining ( dm ) languages have been proposed , confirming that kdd process could be supported via inductive queries ( iq ) answering . this paper reviews the existing dm languages . we are presenting important primitives of the dm language and classifying our languages according to primitives ' satisfaction . in addition , we presented languages ' syntaxes and tried to apply each one to a database sampl ←
→ information - theoretic analysis of generalization capability of learning algorithms ; we derive upper bounds on the generalization error of a learning algorithm in terms of the mutual information between its input and output . the bounds provide an information - theoretic understanding of generalization in learning problems , and give theoretical guidelines for striking the right balance between data fit and generalization by controlling the input - output mutual information . we propose a number of methods for t ←
→ fast and sample efficient inductive matrix completion via multi - phase procrustes flow ; we revisit the inductive matrix completion problem that aims to recover a rank -$ r $ matrix with ambient dimension $ d $ given $ n $ features as the side prior information . the goal is to make use of the known $ n $ features to reduce sample and computational complexities . we present and analyze a new gradient - based non - convex optimization algorithm that converges to the true underlying matrix at a linear rate with sample comp ←
→ towards automatic pulmonary nodule management in lung cancer screening with deep learning ; the introduction of lung cancer screening programs will produce an unprecedented amount of chest ct scans in the near future , which radiologists will have to read in order to decide on a patient follow - up strategy . according to the current guidelines , the workup of screen - detected nodules strongly relies on nodule size and nodule type . in this paper , we present a deep learning system based on multi - stream multi - sca ←
→ predictive coding - based deep dynamic neural network for visuomotor learning ; this study presents a dynamic neural network model based on the predictive coding framework for perceiving and predicting the dynamic visuo - proprioceptive patterns . in our previous study [ 1 ], we have shown that the deep dynamic neural network model was able to coordinate visual perception and action generation in a seamless manner . in the current study , we extended the previous model under the predictive coding framework to endo ←
→ object level deep feature pooling for compact image representation ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) features have been successfully employed in recent works as an image descriptor for various vision tasks . but the inability of the deep cnn features to exhibit invariance to geometric transformations and object compositions poses a great challenge for image search . in this work , we demonstrate the effectiveness of the objectness prior over the deep cnn features of image regions for obtaining an invariant ←
→ identifying global optimality for dictionary learning ; learning new representations of input observations in machine learning is often tackled using a factorization of the data . for many such problems , including sparse coding and matrix completion , learning these factorizations can be difficult , in terms of efficiency and to guarantee that the solution is a global minimum . recently , a general class of objectives have been introduced - which we term induced dictionary learning models ( dlms )- that have an induc ←
→ actor - mimic : deep multitask and transfer reinforcement learning ; the ability to act in multiple environments and transfer previous knowledge to new situations can be considered a critical aspect of any intelligent agent . towards this goal , we define a novel method of multitask and transfer learning that enables an autonomous agent to learn how to behave in multiple tasks simultaneously , and then generalize its knowledge to new domains . this method , termed " actor - mimic ", exploits the use of deep reinforceme ←
→ ant colony algorithm for the weighted item layout optimization problem ; this paper discusses the problem of placing weighted items in a circular container in two - dimensional space . this problem is of great practical significance in various mechanical engineering domains , such as the design of communication satellites . two constructive heuristics are proposed , one for packing circular items and the other for packing rectangular items . these work by first optimizing object placement order , and then optimizin ←
→ multivariate regression with grossly corrupted observations : a robust approach and its applications ; this paper studies the problem of multivariate linear regression where a portion of the observations is grossly corrupted or is missing , and the magnitudes and locations of such occurrences are unknown in priori . to deal with this problem , we propose a new approach by explicitly consider the error source as well as its sparseness nature . an interesting property of our approach lies in its ability of allow ←
→ testing for feature relevance : the harvest algorithm ; feature selection with high - dimensional data and a very small proportion of relevant features poses a severe challenge to standard statistical methods . we have developed a new approach ( harvest ) that is straightforward to apply , albeit somewhat computer - intensive . this algorithm can be used to pre - screen a large number of features to identify those that are potentially useful . the basic idea is to evaluate each feature in the context of many random subs ←
→ on the inter - relationships among drift rate , forgetting rate , bias / variance profile and error ; we propose two general and falsifiable hypotheses about expectations on generalization error when learning in the context of concept drift . one posits that as drift rate increases , the forgetting rate that minimizes generalization error will also increase and vice versa . the other posits that as a learner ' s forgetting rate increases , the bias / variance profile that minimizes generalization error will have lower ←
→ robust dialog state tracking for large ontologies ; the dialog state tracking challenge 4 ( dstc 4 ) differentiates itself from the previous three editions as follows : the number of slot - value pairs present in the ontology is much larger , no spoken language understanding output is given , and utterances are labeled at the subdialog level . this paper describes a novel dialog state tracking method designed to work robustly under these conditions , using elaborate string matching , coreference resolution tailored f ←
→ weighted data normalization based on eigenvalues for artificial neural network classification ; artificial neural network ( ann ) is a very useful tool in solving learning problems . boosting the performances of ann can be mainly concluded from two aspects : optimizing the architecture of ann and normalizing the raw data for ann . in this paper , a novel method which improves the effects of ann by preprocessing the raw data is proposed . it totally leverages the fact that different features should play different ←
→ context discovery for model learning in partially observable environments ; the ability to learn a model is essential for the success of autonomous agents . unfortunately , learning a model is difficult in partially observable environments , where latent environmental factors influence what the agent observes . in the absence of a supervisory training signal , autonomous agents therefore require a mechanism to autonomously discover these environmental factors , or sensorimotor contexts . this paper presents a ←
→ elite bases regression : a real - time algorithm for symbolic regression ; symbolic regression is an important but challenging research topic in data mining . it can detect the underlying mathematical models . genetic programming ( gp ) is one of the most popular methods for symbolic regression . however , its convergence speed might be too slow for large scale problems with a large number of variables . this drawback has become a bottleneck in practical applications . in this paper , a new non - evolutionary real - time a ←
→ rate optimal estimation and confidence intervals for high - dimensional regression with missing covariates ; although a majority of the theoretical literature in high - dimensional statistics has focused on settings which involve fully - observed data , settings with missing values and corruptions are common in practice . we consider the problems of estimation and of constructing component - wise confidence intervals in a sparse high - dimensional linear regression model when some covariates of the design matrix are ←
→ entropy - based pruning of backoff language models ; a criterion for pruning parameters from n - gram backoff language models is developed , based on the relative entropy between the original and the pruned model . it is shown that the relative entropy resulting from pruning a single n - gram can be computed exactly and efficiently for backoff models . the relative entropy measure can be expressed as a relative change in training set perplexity . this leads to a simple pruning criterion whereby all n - grams that chang ←
→ proceedings of the twentieth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 2004 ) ; this is the proceedings of the twentieth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in banff , canada , july 7 - 11 2004 .←
→ improved regularization of convolutional neural networks with cutout ; convolutional neural networks are capable of learning powerful representational spaces , which are necessary for tackling complex learning tasks . however , due to the model capacity required to capture such representations , they are often susceptible to overfitting and therefore require proper regularization in order to generalize well . in this paper , we show that the simple regularization technique of randomly masking out square regions o ←
→ learning game representations from data using rationality constraints ; while game theory is widely used to model strategic interactions , a natural question is where do the game representations come from ? one answer is to learn the representations from data . if one wants to learn both the payoffs and the players ' strategies , a naive approach is to learn them both directly from the data . this approach ignores the fact the players might be playing reasonably good strategies , so there is a connection between t ←
→ end - to - end instance segmentation with recurrent attention ; while convolutional neural networks have gained impressive success recently in solving structured prediction problems such as semantic segmentation , it remains a challenge to differentiate individual object instances in the scene . instance segmentation is very important in a variety of applications , such as autonomous driving , image captioning , and visual question answering . techniques that combine large graphical models with low - level vision have ←
→ proceedings of enterface 2015 workshop on intelligent interfaces ; the 11th summer workshop on multimodal interfaces enterface 2015 was hosted by the numediart institute of creative technologies of the university of mons from august 10th to september 2015 . during the four weeks , students and researchers from all over the world came together in the numediart institute of the university of mons to work on eight selected projects structured around intelligent interfaces . eight projects were selected and their ←
→ improving abcdsat by at - least - one recently used clause management strategy ; we improve further the 2015 version of abcdsat by various heuristics such as at - least - one recently used strategy , learnt clause database approximation reduction etc . based on the requirement of different tracks at the sat competition 2016 , we develop three versions of abcdsat : drup , inc and lim , which participate in the competition of main ( agile ), incremental library and no - limit track , respectively .←
→ inner - scene similarities as a contextual cue for object detection ; using image context is an effective approach for improving object detection . previously proposed methods used contextual cues that rely on semantic or spatial information . in this work , we explore a different kind of contextual information : inner - scene similarity . we present the ciss ( context by inner scene similarity ) algorithm , which is based on the observation that two visually similar sub - image patches are likely to share semantic ident ←
→ understanding convolutional networks with apple : automatic patch pattern labeling for explanation ; with the success of deep learning , recent efforts have been focused on analyzing how learned networks make their classifications . we are interested in analyzing the network output based on the network structure and information flow through the network layers . we contribute an algorithm for 1 ) analyzing a deep network to find neurons that are ' important ' in terms of the network classification outcome , and 2 ←
→ trading - off variance and complexity in stochastic gradient descent ; stochastic gradient descent is the method of choice for large - scale machine learning problems , by virtue of its light complexity per iteration . however , it lags behind its non - stochastic counterparts with respect to the convergence rate , due to high variance introduced by the stochastic updates . the popular stochastic variance - reduced gradient ( svrg ) method mitigates this shortcoming , introducing a new update rule which requires infrequent ←
→ fair and diverse dpp - based data summarization ; sampling methods that choose a subset of the data proportional to its diversity in the feature space are popular for data summarization . however , recent studies have noted the occurrence of bias ( under - or over - representation of a certain gender or race ) in such data summarization methods . in this paper we initiate a study of the problem of outputting a diverse and fair summary of a given dataset . we work with a well - studied determinantal measure of diversity ←
→ rademacher observations , private data , and boosting ; the minimization of the logistic loss is a popular approach to batch supervised learning . our paper starts from the surprising observation that , when fitting linear ( or kernelized ) classifiers , the minimization of the logistic loss is \ textit { equivalent } to the minimization of an exponential \ textit { rado }- loss computed ( i ) over transformed data that we call rademacher observations ( rados ), and ( ii ) over the \ textit { same } classifier as the one of the logi ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for high precision assembly tasks ; high precision assembly of mechanical parts requires accuracy exceeding the robot precision . conventional part mating methods used in the current manufacturing requires tedious tuning of numerous parameters before deployment . we show how the robot can successfully perform a tight clearance peg - in - hole task through training a recurrent neural network with reinforcement learning . in addition to saving the manual effort , the proposed technique als ←
→ on the optimization of deep networks : implicit acceleration by overparameterization ; conventional wisdom in deep learning states that increasing depth improves expressiveness but complicates optimization . this paper suggests that , sometimes , increasing depth can speed up optimization . the effect of depth on optimization is decoupled from expressiveness by focusing on settings where additional layers amount to overparameterization - linear neural networks , a well - studied model . theoretical analysis , as we ←
→ a superposition calculus for abductive reasoning ; we present a modification of the superposition calculus that is meant to generate consequences of sets of first - order axioms . this approach is proven to be sound and deductive - complete in the presence of redundancy elimination rules , provided the considered consequences are built on a given finite set of ground terms , represented by constant symbols . in contrast to other approaches , most existing results about the termination of the superposition calculus c ←
→ priority union and generalization in discourse grammars ; we describe an implementation in carpenter ' s typed feature formalism , ale , of a discourse grammar of the kind proposed by scha , polanyi , et al . we examine their method for resolving parallelism - dependent anaphora and show that there is a coherent feature - structural rendition of this type of grammar which uses the operations of priority union and generalization . we describe an augmentation of the ale system to encompass these operations and we show th ←
→ accelerating deep learning with memcomputing ; restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ) and their extensions , called ' deep - belief networks ', are powerful neural networks that have found applications in the fields of machine learning and big data . the standard way to training these models resorts to an iterative unsupervised procedure based on gibbs sampling , called ' contrastive divergence ' ( cd ), and additional supervised tuning via back - propagation . however , this procedure has been shown not to follow any gradi ←
→ lcnn : low - level feature embedded cnn for salient object detection ; in this paper , we propose a novel deep neural network framework embedded with low - level features ( lcnn ) for salient object detection in complex images . we utilise the advantage of convolutional neural networks to automatically learn the high - level features that capture the structured information and semantic context in the image . in order to better adapt a cnn model into the saliency task , we redesign the network architecture based on the s ←
→ initialization and coordinate optimization for multi - way matching ; we consider the problem of consistently matching multiple sets of elements to each other , which is a common task in fields such as computer vision . to solve the underlying np - hard objective , existing methods often relax or approximate it , but end up with unsatisfying empirical performance due to a misaligned objective . we propose a coordinate update algorithm that directly optimizes the target objective . by using pairwise alignment informat ←
→ multi - organ cancer classification and survival analysis ; accurate and robust cell nuclei classification is the cornerstone for a wider range of tasks in digital and computational pathology . however , most machine learning systems require extensive labeling from expert pathologists for each individual problem at hand , with no or limited abilities for knowledge transfer between datasets and organ sites . in this paper we implement and evaluate a variety of deep neural network models and model ensembles for nuc ←
→ learning view generalization functions ; learning object models from views in 3d visual object recognition is usually formulated either as a function approximation problem of a function describing the view - manifold of an object , or as that of learning a class - conditional density . this paper describes an alternative framework for learning in visual object recognition , that of learning the view - generalization function . using the view - generalization function , an observer can perform bayes - optimal 3d object rec ←
→ towards adapting imagenet to reality : scalable domain adaptation with implicit low - rank transformations ; images seen during test time are often not from the same distribution as images used for learning . this problem , known as domain shift , occurs when training classifiers from object - centric internet image databases and trying to apply them directly to scene understanding tasks . the consequence is often severe performance degradation and is one of the major barriers for the application of classifiers in ←
→ an hmm based named entity recognition system for indian languages : the ju system at icon 2013 ; this paper reports about our work in the icon 2013 nlp tools contest on named entity recognition . we submitted runs for bengali , english , hindi , marathi , punjabi , tamil and telugu . a statistical hmm ( hidden markov models ) based model has been used to implement our system . the system has been trained and tested on the nlp tools contest : icon 2013 datasets . our system obtains f - measures of 0 . 8599 , 0 . 7704 , 0 . 7520 ,←
→ a novel hierarchical ant based qos aware intelligent routing scheme for manets ; manet is a collection of mobile devices with no centralized control and no pre - existing infrastructures . due to the nodal mobility , supporting qos during routing in this type of networks is a very challenging task . to tackle this type of overhead many routing algorithms with clustering approach have been proposed . clustering is an effective method for resource management regarding network performance , routing protocol design ,←
→ a unified decision making framework for supply and demand management in microgrid networks ; this paper considers two important problems - on the supply - side and demand - side respectively and studies both in a unified framework . on the supply side , we study the problem of energy sharing among microgrids with the goal of maximizing profit obtained from selling power while meeting customer demand . on the other hand , under shortage of power , this problem becomes one of deciding the amount of power to be bough ←
→ massively multitask networks for drug discovery ; massively multitask neural architectures provide a learning framework for drug discovery that synthesizes information from many distinct biological sources . to train these architectures at scale , we gather large amounts of data from public sources to create a dataset of nearly 40 million measurements across more than 200 biological targets . we investigate several aspects of the multitask framework by performing a series of empirical studies and obtain some i ←
→ automatic argumentative - zoning using word2vec ; in comparison with document summarization on the articles from social media and newswire , argumentative zoning ( az ) is an important task in scientific paper analysis . traditional methodology to carry on this task relies on feature engineering from different levels . in this paper , three models of generating sentence vectors for the task of sentence classification were explored and compared . the proposed approach builds sentence representations using learned emb ←
→ gradient - based meta - learning with learned layerwise metric and subspace ; gradient - based meta - learning has been shown to be expressive enough to approximate any learning algorithm . while previous such methods have been successful in meta - learning tasks , they resort to simple gradient descent during meta - testing . our primary contribution is the {\ em mt - net }, which enables the meta - learner to learn on each layer ' s activation space a subspace that the task - specific learner performs gradient descent on . additio ←
→ guided labeling using convolutional neural networks ; over the last couple of years , deep learning and especially convolutional neural networks have become one of the work horses of computer vision . one limiting factor for the applicability of supervised deep learning to more areas is the need for large , manually labeled datasets . in this paper we propose an easy to implement method we call guided labeling , which automatically determines which samples from an unlabeled dataset should be labeled . we show tha ←
→ general factorization framework for context - aware recommendations ; context - aware recommendation algorithms focus on refining recommendations by considering additional information , available to the system . this topic has gained a lot of attention recently . among others , several factorization methods were proposed to solve the problem , although most of them assume explicit feedback which strongly limits their real - world applicability . while these algorithms apply various loss functions and optimization strat ←
→ beyond low rank : a data - adaptive tensor completion method ; low rank tensor representation underpins much of recent progress in tensor completion . in real applications , however , this approach is confronted with two challenging problems , namely ( 1 ) tensor rank determination ; ( 2 ) handling real tensor data which only approximately fulfils the low - rank requirement . to address these two issues , we develop a data - adaptive tensor completion model which explicitly represents both the low - rank and non - low - rank struc ←
→ early fire detection using hep and space - time analysis ; in this article , a video base early fire alarm system is developed by monitoring the smoke in the scene . there are two major contributions in this work . first , to find the best texture feature for smoke detection , a general framework , named histograms of equivalent patterns ( hep ), is adopted to achieve an extensive evaluation of various kinds of texture features . second , the \ emph { block based inter - frame difference } ( bifd ) and a improved version of lb ←
→ generative shape models : joint text recognition and segmentation with very little training data ; we demonstrate that a generative model for object shapes can achieve state of the art results on challenging scene text recognition tasks , and with orders of magnitude fewer training images than required for competing discriminative methods . in addition to transcribing text from challenging images , our method performs fine - grained instance segmentation of characters . we show that our model is more robust to b ←
→ an efficient algorithm for bayesian nearest neighbours ; k - nearest neighbours ( k - nn ) is a popular classification and regression algorithm , yet one of its main limitations is the difficulty in choosing the number of neighbours . we present a bayesian algorithm to compute the posterior probability distribution for k given a target point within a data - set , efficiently and without the use of markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) methods or simulation - alongside an exact solution for distributions within the exponenti ←
→ global optimality in tensor factorization , deep learning , and beyond ; techniques involving factorization are found in a wide range of applications and have enjoyed significant empirical success in many fields . however , common to a vast majority of these problems is the significant disadvantage that the associated optimization problems are typically non - convex due to a multilinear form or other convexity destroying transformation . here we build on ideas from convex relaxations of matrix factorizations and p ←
→ robust video - based eye tracking using recursive estimation of pupil characteristics ; video - based eye tracking is a valuable technique in various research fields . numerous open - source eye tracking algorithms have been developed in recent years , primarily designed for general application with many different camera types . these algorithms do not , however , capitalize on the high frame rate of eye tracking cameras often employed in psychophysical studies . we present a pupil detection method that utilizes this ←
→ a parallel compressive imaging architecture for one - shot acquisition ; a limitation of many compressive imaging architectures lies in the sequential nature of the sensing process , which leads to long sensing times . in this paper we present a novel architecture that uses fewer detectors than the number of reconstructed pixels and is able to acquire the image in a single acquisition . this paves the way for the development of video architectures that acquire several frames per second . we specifically address t ←
→ autonomously learning to visually detect where manipulation will succeed ; visual features can help predict if a manipulation behavior will succeed at a given location . for example , the success of a behavior that flips light switches depends on the location of the switch . within this paper , we present methods that enable a mobile manipulator to autonomously learn a function that takes an rgb image and a registered 3d point cloud as input and returns a 3d location at which a manipulation behavior is likely t ←
→ an embedded deep learning based word prediction ; recent developments in deep learning with application to language modeling have led to success in tasks of text processing , summarizing and machine translation . however , deploying huge language models for mobile device such as on - device keyboards poses computation as a bottle - neck due to their puny computation capacities . in this work we propose an embedded deep learning based word prediction method that optimizes run - time memory and also provides a real tim ←
→ adaptive parameter selection in evolutionary algorithms by reinforcement learning with dynamic discretization of parameter range ; online parameter controllers for evolutionary algorithms adjust values of parameters during the run of an evolutionary algorithm . recently a new efficient parameter controller based on reinforcement learning was proposed by karafotias et al . in this method ranges of parameters are discretized into several intervals before the run . however , performing adaptive discretization du ←
→ exploiting binary floating - point representations for constraint propagation : the complete unabridged version ; floating - point computations are quickly finding their way in the design of safety - and mission - critical systems , despite the fact that designing floating - point algorithms is significantly more difficult than designing integer algorithms . for this reason , verification and validation of floating - point computations is a hot research topic . an important verification technique , especially in some indu ←
→ detection of partially visible objects ; an " elephant in the room " for most current object detection and localization methods is the lack of explicit modelling of partial visibility due to occlusion by other objects or truncation by the image boundary . based on a sliding window approach , we propose a detection method which explicitly models partial visibility by treating it as a latent variable . a novel non - maximum suppression scheme is proposed which takes into account the inferred partial visibility of ob ←
→ the all relevant feature selection using random forest ; in this paper we examine the application of the random forest classifier for the all relevant feature selection problem . to this end we first examine two recently proposed all relevant feature selection algorithms , both being a random forest wrappers , on a series of synthetic data sets with varying size . we show that reasonable accuracy of predictions can be achieved and that heuristic algorithms that were designed to handle the all relevant problem , ←
→ bayesian uncertainty estimation for batch normalized deep networks ; deep neural networks have led to a series of breakthroughs , dramatically improving the state - of - the - art in many domains . the techniques driving these advances , however , lack a formal method to account for model uncertainty . while the bayesian approach to learning provides a solid theoretical framework to handle uncertainty , inference in bayesian - inspired deep neural networks is difficult . in this paper , we provide a practical approach to b ←
→ convective regularization for optical flow ; we argue that the time derivative in a fixed coordinate frame may not be the most appropriate measure of time regularity of an optical flow field . instead , for a given velocity field $ v $ we consider the convective acceleration $ v_t + \ nabla v v $ which describes the acceleration of objects moving according to $ v $. consequently we investigate the suitability of the nonconvex functional $\| v_t + \ nabla v v \|^ 2_ { l ^ 2 }$ as a regularization term for optical flow . we dem ←
→ hierarchical adaptive structural svm for domain adaptation ; a key topic in classification is the accuracy loss produced when the data distribution in the training ( source ) domain differs from that in the testing ( target ) domain . this is being recognized as a very relevant problem for many computer vision tasks such as image classification , object detection , and object category recognition . in this paper , we present a novel domain adaptation method that leverages multiple target domains ( or sub - domains ) in ←
→ supervised quantum gate " teaching " for quantum hardware design ; we show how to train a quantum network of pairwise interacting qubits such that its evolution implements a target quantum algorithm into a given network subset . our strategy is inspired by supervised learning and is designed to help the physical construction of a quantum computer which operates with minimal external classical control .←
→ evolving controllers for simulated car racing ; this paper describes the evolution of controllers for racing a simulated radio - controlled car around a track , modelled on a real physical track . five different controller architectures were compared , based on neural networks , force fields and action sequences . the controllers use either egocentric ( first person ), newtonian ( third person ) or no information about the state of the car ( open - loop controller ). the only controller that was able to evolve good racing ←
→ feudal networks for hierarchical reinforcement learning ; we introduce feudal networks ( funs ): a novel architecture for hierarchical reinforcement learning . our approach is inspired by the feudal reinforcement learning proposal of dayan and hinton , and gains power and efficacy by decoupling end - to - end learning across multiple levels -- allowing it to utilise different resolutions of time . our framework employs a manager module and a worker module . the manager operates at a lower temporal resolution and sets ←
→ unsupervised morphological expansion of small datasets for improving word embeddings ; we present a language independent , unsupervised method for building word embeddings using morphological expansion of text . our model handles the problem of data sparsity and yields improved word embeddings by relying on training word embeddings on artificially generated sentences . we evaluate our method using small sized training sets on eleven test sets for the word similarity task across seven languages . further , for ←
→ merge or not ? learning to group faces via imitation learning ; given a large number of unlabeled face images , face grouping aims at clustering the images into individual identities present in the data . this task remains a challenging problem despite the remarkable capability of deep learning approaches in learning face representation . in particular , grouping results can still be egregious given profile faces and a large number of uninteresting faces and noisy detections . often , a user needs to correct the e ←
→ analysis operator learning and its application to image reconstruction ; exploiting a priori known structural information lies at the core of many image reconstruction methods that can be stated as inverse problems . the synthesis model , which assumes that images can be decomposed into a linear combination of very few atoms of some dictionary , is now a well established tool for the design of image reconstruction algorithms . an interesting alternative is the analysis model , where the signal is multiplied by a ←
→ representation learning and recovery in the relu model ; rectified linear units , or relus , have become the preferred activation function for artificial neural networks . in this paper we consider two basic learning problems assuming that the underlying data follow a generative model based on a relu - network -- a neural network with relu activations . as a primarily theoretical study , we limit ourselves to a single - layer network . the first problem we study corresponds to dictionary - learning in the presence of n ←
→ discovering class - specific pixels for weakly - supervised semantic segmentation ; we propose an approach to discover class - specific pixels for the weakly - supervised semantic segmentation task . we show that properly combining saliency and attention maps allows us to obtain reliable cues capable of significantly boosting the performance . first , we propose a simple yet powerful hierarchical approach to discover the class - agnostic salient regions , obtained using a salient object detector , which otherwise would ←
→ on the performance of a hybrid genetic algorithm in dynamic environments ; the ability to track the optimum of dynamic environments is important in many practical applications . in this paper , the capability of a hybrid genetic algorithm ( hga ) to track the optimum in some dynamic environments is investigated for different functional dimensions , update frequencies , and displacement strengths in different types of dynamic environments . experimental results are reported by using the hga and some other existing ←
→ improving the speed of response of learning algorithms using multiple models ; this is the first of a series of papers that the authors propose to write on the subject of improving the speed of response of learning systems using multiple models . during the past two decades , the first author has worked on numerous methods for improving the stability , robustness , and performance of adaptive systems using multiple models and the other authors have collaborated with him on some of them . independently , they ha ←
→ expectation propagation for approximate bayesian inference ; this paper presents a new deterministic approximation technique in bayesian networks . this method , " expectation propagation ", unifies two previous techniques : assumed - density filtering , an extension of the kalman filter , and loopy belief propagation , an extension of belief propagation in bayesian networks . all three algorithms try to recover an approximate distribution which is close in kl divergence to the true distribution . loopy belief propagat ←
→ learning bayesian network structure from massive datasets : the " sparse candidate " algorithm ; learning bayesian networks is often cast as an optimization problem , where the computational task is to find a structure that maximizes a statistically motivated score . by and large , existing learning tools address this optimization problem using standard heuristic search techniques . since the search space is extremely large , such search procedures can spend most of the time examining candidates that are extremel ←
→ identifiable phenotyping using constrained non - negative matrix factorization ; this work proposes a new algorithm for automated and simultaneous phenotyping of multiple co - occurring medical conditions , also referred as comorbidities , using clinical notes from the electronic health records ( ehrs ). a basic latent factor estimation technique of non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is augmented with domain specific constraints to obtain sparse latent factors that are anchored to a fixed set of chronic cond ←
→ dynamic - structured semantic propagation network ; semantic concept hierarchy is still under - explored for semantic segmentation due to the inefficiency and complicated optimization of incorporating structural inference into dense prediction . this lack of modeling semantic correlations also makes prior works must tune highly - specified models for each task due to the label discrepancy across datasets . it severely limits the generalization capability of segmentation models for open set concept vocabulary and an ←
→ low - norm graph embedding ; learning distributed representations for nodes in graphs has become an important problem that underpins a wide spectrum of applications . existing methods to this problem learn representations by optimizing a softmax objective while constraining the dimension of embedding vectors . we argue that the generalization performance of these methods are probably not due to the dimensionality constraint as commonly believed , but rather the small norm of embedding vectors . both theoretical a ←
→ sparse factor analysis for learning and content analytics ; we develop a new model and algorithms for machine learning - based learning analytics , which estimate a learner ' s knowledge of the concepts underlying a domain , and content analytics , which estimate the relationships among a collection of questions and those concepts . our model represents the probability that a learner provides the correct response to a question in terms of three factors : their understanding of a set of underlying concepts , the conce ←
→ continuous inverse optimal control with locally optimal examples ; inverse optimal control , also known as inverse reinforcement learning , is the problem of recovering an unknown reward function in a markov decision process from expert demonstrations of the optimal policy . we introduce a probabilistic inverse optimal control algorithm that scales gracefully with task dimensionality , and is suitable for large , continuous domains where even computing a full policy is impractical . by using a local approximation ←
→ a tableaux calculus for ambiguous quantification ; coping with ambiguity has recently received a lot of attention in natural language processing . most work focuses on the semantic representation of ambiguous expressions . in this paper we complement this work in two ways . first , we provide an entailment relation for a language with ambiguous expressions . second , we give a sound and complete tableaux calculus for reasoning with statements involving ambiguous quantification . the calculus interleaves partial di ←
→ a neuro - fuzzy technique for implementing the half - adder circuit using the canfis model ; a neural network , in general , is not considered to be a good solver of mathematical and binary arithmetic problems . however , networks have been developed for such problems as the xor circuit . this paper presents a technique for the implementation of the half - adder circuit using the coactive neuro - fuzzy inference system ( canfis ) model and attempts to solve the problem using the neurosolutions 5 simulator . the paper giv ←
→ some observations on computer lip - reading : moving from the dream to the reality ; in the quest for greater computer lip - reading performance there are a number of tacit assumptions which are either present in the datasets ( high resolution for example ) or in the methods ( recognition of spoken visual units called visemes for example ). here we review these and other assumptions and show the surprising result that computer lip - reading is not heavily constrained by video resolution , pose , lighting and other pra ←
→ orthogonal machine learning for demand estimation : high dimensional causal inference in dynamic panels ; there has been growing interest in how economists can import machine learning tools designed for prediction to accelerate and automate the model selection process , while still retaining desirable inference properties for causal parameters . focusing on partially linear models , we extend the double ml framework to allow for ( 1 ) a number of treatments that may grow with the sample size and ( 2 ) the analysi ←
→ semi - supervised multi - task learning for lung cancer diagnosis ; early detection of lung nodules is of great importance in lung cancer screening . existing research recognizes the critical role played by cad systems in early detection and diagnosis of lung nodules . however , many cad systems , which are used as cancer detection tools , produce a lot of false positives ( fp ) and require a further fp reduction step . furthermore , guidelines for early diagnosis and treatment of lung cancer are consist of different sh ←
→ an incremental off - policy search in a model - free markov decision process using a single sample path ; in this paper , we consider a modified version of the control problem in a model free markov decision process ( mdp ) setting with large state and action spaces . the control problem most commonly addressed in the contemporary literature is to find an optimal policy which maximizes the value function , i . e ., the long run discounted reward of the mdp . the current settings also assume access to a generative mode ←
→ positive - unlabeled learning with non - negative risk estimator ; from only positive ( p ) and unlabeled ( u ) data , a binary classifier could be trained with pu learning , in which the state of the art is unbiased pu learning . however , if its model is very flexible , empirical risks on training data will go negative , and we will suffer from serious overfitting . in this paper , we propose a non - negative risk estimator for pu learning : when getting minimized , it is more robust against overfitting , and thus we are able ←
→ a combined deep - learning and deformable - model approach to fully automatic segmentation of the left ventricle in cardiac mri ; segmentation of the left ventricle ( lv ) from cardiac magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) datasets is an essential step for calculation of clinical indices such as ventricular volume and ejection fraction . in this work , we employ deep learning algorithms combined with deformable models to develop and evaluate a fully automatic segmentation tool for the lv from short - axis cardiac mri da ←
→ mask r - cnn ; we present a conceptually simple , flexible , and general framework for object instance segmentation . our approach efficiently detects objects in an image while simultaneously generating a high - quality segmentation mask for each instance . the method , called mask r - cnn , extends faster r - cnn by adding a branch for predicting an object mask in parallel with the existing branch for bounding box recognition . mask r - cnn is simple to train and adds only a small overhead to faster r - cnn , running at 5 fps ←
→ ccg parsing and multiword expressions ; this thesis presents a study about the integration of information about multiword expressions ( mwes ) into parsing with combinatory categorial grammar ( ccg ). we build on previous work which has shown the benefit of adding information about mwes to syntactic parsing by implementing a similar pipeline with ccg parsing . more specifically , we collapse mwes to one token in training and test data in ccgbank , a corpus which contains sentences annotated with ccg derivations . o ←
→ denoising prior driven deep neural network for image restoration ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have shown very promising results for various image restoration ( ir ) tasks . however , the design of network architectures remains a major challenging for achieving further improvements . while most existing dnn - based methods solve the ir problems by directly mapping low quality images to desirable high - quality images , the observation models characterizing the image degradation processes have been largely ignored . in ←
→ an incremental reseeding strategy for clustering ; in this work we propose a simple and easily parallelizable algorithm for multiway graph partitioning . the algorithm alternates between three basic components : diffusing seed vertices over the graph , thresholding the diffused seeds , and then randomly reseeding the thresholded clusters . we demonstrate experimentally that the proper combination of these ingredients leads to an algorithm that achieves state - of - the - art performance in terms of cluster purity on s ←
→ the population posterior and bayesian inference on streams ; many modern data analysis problems involve inferences from streaming data . however , streaming data is not easily amenable to the standard probabilistic modeling approaches , which assume that we condition on finite data . we develop population variational bayes , a new approach for using bayesian modeling to analyze streams of data . it approximates a new type of distribution , the population posterior , which combines the notion of a population distrib ←
→ computing declarative prosodic morphology ; this paper describes a computational , declarative approach to prosodic morphology that uses inviolable constraints to denote small finite candidate sets which are filtered by a restrictive incremental optimization mechanism . the new approach is illustrated with an implemented fragment of modern hebrew verbs couched in microcuf , an expressive constraint logic formalism . for generation and parsing of word forms , i propose a novel off - line technique to eliminate run -←
→ ternarynet : faster deep model inference without gpus for medical 3d segmentation using sparse and binary convolutions ; deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnn ) are currently ubiquitous in medical imaging . while their versatility and high quality results for common image analysis tasks including segmentation , localisation and prediction is astonishing , the large representational power comes at the cost of highly demanding computational effort . this limits their practical applications for image guided int ←
→ an efficient algorithm for the piecewise - smooth model with approximately explicit solutions ; this paper presents an efficient approach to image segmentation that approximates the piecewise - smooth ( ps ) functional in [ 12 ] with explicit solutions . by rendering some rational constraints on the initial conditions and the final solutions of the ps functional , we propose two novel formulations which can be approximated to be the explicit solutions of the evolution partial differential equations ( pdes ) of the ps ←
→ all the people around me : face discovery in egocentric photo - streams ; given an unconstrained stream of images captured by a wearable photo - camera ( 2fpm ), we propose an unsupervised bottom - up approach for automatic clustering appearing faces into the individual identities present in these data . the problem is challenging since images are acquired under real world conditions ; hence the visible appearance of the people in the images undergoes intensive variations . our proposed pipeline consists of first arran ←
→ momentum and stochastic momentum for stochastic gradient , newton , proximal point and subspace descent methods ; in this paper we study several classes of stochastic optimization algorithms enriched with heavy ball momentum . among the methods studied are : stochastic gradient descent , stochastic newton , stochastic proximal point and stochastic dual subspace ascent . this is the first time momentum variants of several of these methods are studied . we choose to perform our analysis in a setting in which all of ←
→ learning small predictors ; we present a new machine learning technique for training small resource - constrained predictors . our algorithm , the sparse multiprototype linear learner ( small ), is inspired by the classic machine learning problem of learning $ k $- dnf boolean formulae . we present a formal derivation of our algorithm and demonstrate the benefits of our approach with a detailed empirical study .←
→ shearlet - based compressed sensing for fast 3d cardiac mr imaging using iterative reweighting ; high - resolution three - dimensional ( 3d ) cardiovascular magnetic resonance ( cmr ) is a valuable medical imaging technique , but its widespread application in clinical practice is hampered by long acquisition times . here we present a novel compressed sensing ( cs ) reconstruction approach using shearlets as a sparsifying transform allowing for fast 3d cmr ( 3dshearcs ). shearlets are mathematically optimal for a simplifi ←
→ a mathematical formalization of hierarchical temporal memory ' s spatial pooler ; hierarchical temporal memory ( htm ) is an emerging machine learning algorithm , with the potential to provide a means to perform predictions on spatiotemporal data . the algorithm , inspired by the neocortex , currently does not have a comprehensive mathematical framework . this work brings together all aspects of the spatial pooler ( sp ), a critical learning component in htm , under a single unifying framework . the primary learning m ←
→ defining a lingua franca to open the black box of a naïve bayes recommender ; many ai systems have a black box nature that makes it difficult to understand how they make their recommendations . this can be unsettling , as the designer cannot be certain how the system will respond to novelty . to penetrate our na \" ive bayes recommender ' s black box , we first asked , what do we want to know from our system , and how can it be obtained ? the answers led us to recursively define a common lexicon with the ai , a lingu ←
→ the emergence of organizing structure in conceptual representation ; both scientists and children make important structural discoveries , yet their computational underpinnings are not well understood . structure discovery has previously been formalized as probabilistic inference about the right structural form --- where form could be a tree , ring , chain , grid , etc . [ kemp & tenenbaum ( 2008 ). the discovery of structural form . pnas , 105 ( 3 ), 10687 - 10692 ]. while this approach can learn intuitive organizations , inc ←
→ coincidences and the encounter problem : a formal account ; individuals have an intuitive perception of what makes a good coincidence . though the sensitivity to coincidences has often been presented as resulting from an erroneous assessment of probability , it appears to be a genuine competence , based on non - trivial computations . the model presented here suggests that coincidences occur when subjects perceive complexity drops . co - occurring events are , together , simpler than if considered separately . this mode ←
→ a synthesis of logical and probabilistic reasoning for program understanding and debugging ; we describe the integration of logical and uncertain reasoning methods to identify the likely source and location of software problems . to date , software engineers have had few tools for identifying the sources of error in complex software packages . we describe a method for diagnosing software problems through combining logical and uncertain reasoning analyses . our preliminary results suggest that such methods can ←
→ fault detection system for arabic language ; the study of natural language , especially arabic , and mechanisms for the implementation of automatic processing is a fascinating field of study , with various potential applications . the importance of tools for natural language processing is materialized by the need to have applications that can effectively treat the vast mass of information available nowadays on electronic forms . among these tools , mainly driven by the necessity of a fast writing in alignment to ←
→ modeling concept combinations in a quantum - theoretic framework ; we present modeling for conceptual combinations which uses the mathematical formalism of quantum theory . our model faithfully describes a large amount of experimental data collected by different scholars on concept conjunctions and disjunctions . furthermore , our approach sheds a new light on long standing drawbacks connected with vagueness , or fuzziness , of concepts , and puts forward a completely novel possible solution to the ' combination pro ←
→ does distributionally robust supervised learning give robust classifiers ? ; distributionally robust supervised learning ( drsl ) is necessary for building reliable machine learning systems . when machine learning is deployed in the real world , its performance can be significantly degraded because test data may follow a different distribution from training data . previous drsl explicitly considers the worst - case distribution shift by minimizing the adversarially reweighted training loss . in this paper , we theo ←
→ sparse communication for distributed gradient descent ; we make distributed stochastic gradient descent faster by exchanging sparse updates instead of dense updates . gradient updates are positively skewed as most updates are near zero , so we map the 99 % smallest updates ( by absolute value ) to zero then exchange sparse matrices . this method can be combined with quantization to further improve the compression . we explore different configurations and apply them to neural machine translation and mnist image cla ←
→ improving sonar image patch matching via deep learning ; matching sonar images with high accuracy has been a problem for a long time , as sonar images are inherently hard to model due to reflections , noise and viewpoint dependence . autonomous underwater vehicles require good sonar image matching capabilities for tasks such as tracking , simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ) and some cases of object detection / recognition . we propose the use of convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) to learn a matching func ←
→ image compression using anti - forensics method ; a large number of image forensics methods are available which are capable of identifying image tampering . but these techniques are not capable of addressing the anti - forensics method which is able to hide the trace of image tampering . in this paper anti - forensics method for digital image compression has been proposed . this anti - forensics method is capable of removing the traces of image compression . additionally , technique is also able to remove the traces of ←
→ spatial morphing kernel regression for feature interpolation ; in recent years , geotagged social media has become popular as a novel source for geographic knowledge discovery . ground - level images and videos provide a different perspective than overhead imagery and can be applied to a range of applications such as land use mapping , activity detection , pollution mapping , etc . the sparse and uneven distribution of this data presents a problem , however , for generating dense maps . we therefore investigate the pr ←
→ sum - of - squares lower bounds for sparse pca ; this paper establishes a statistical versus computational trade - off for solving a basic high - dimensional machine learning problem via a basic convex relaxation method . specifically , we consider the {\ em sparse principal component analysis } ( sparse pca ) problem , and the family of {\ em sum - of - squares } ( sos , aka lasserre / parillo ) convex relaxations . it was well known that in large dimension $ p $, a planted $ k $- sparse unit vector can be {\ em in principle } detected usi ←
→ key - value memory networks for directly reading documents ; directly reading documents and being able to answer questions from them is an unsolved challenge . to avoid its inherent difficulty , question answering ( qa ) has been directed towards using knowledge bases ( kbs ) instead , which has proven effective . unfortunately kbs often suffer from being too restrictive , as the schema cannot support certain types of answers , and too sparse , e . g . wikipedia contains much more information than freebase . in this work we ←
→ distinguishing question subjectivity from difficulty for improved crowdsourcing ; the questions in a crowdsourcing task typically exhibit varying degrees of difficulty and subjectivity . their joint effects give rise to the variation in responses to the same question by different crowd - workers . this variation is low when the question is easy to answer and objective , and high when it is difficult and subjective . unfortunately , current quality control methods for crowdsourcing consider only the question diff ←
→ rankmap : a platform - aware framework for distributed learning from dense datasets ; this paper introduces rankmap , a platform - aware end - to - end framework for efficient execution of a broad class of iterative learning algorithms for massive and dense datasets . our framework exploits data structure to factorize it into an ensemble of lower rank subspaces . the factorization creates sparse low - dimensional representations of the data , a property which is leveraged to devise effective mapping and scheduling of it ←
→ bayesian methods for low - rank matrix estimation : short survey and theoretical study ; the problem of low - rank matrix estimation recently received a lot of attention due to challenging applications . a lot of work has been done on rank - penalized methods and convex relaxation , both on the theoretical and applied sides . however , only a few papers considered bayesian estimation . in this paper , we review the different type of priors considered on matrices to favour low - rank . we also prove that the obtained baye ←
→ evaluating visual conversational agents via cooperative human - ai games ; as ai continues to advance , human - ai teams are inevitable . however , progress in ai is routinely measured in isolation , without a human in the loop . it is crucial to benchmark progress in ai , not just in isolation , but also in terms of how it translates to helping humans perform certain tasks , i . e ., the performance of human - ai teams . in this work , we design a cooperative game - guesswhich - to measure human - ai team performance in the ←
→ simple online and realtime tracking with a deep association metric ; simple online and realtime tracking ( sort ) is a pragmatic approach to multiple object tracking with a focus on simple , effective algorithms . in this paper , we integrate appearance information to improve the performance of sort . due to this extension we are able to track objects through longer periods of occlusions , effectively reducing the number of identity switches . in spirit of the original framework we place much of the computational c ←
→ delaunay triangulation on skeleton of flowers for classification ; in this work , we propose a triangle based approach to classify flower images . initially , flowers are segmented using whorl based region merging segmentation . skeleton of a flower is obtained from the segmented flower using a skeleton pruning method . the delaunay triangulation is obtained from the endpoints and junction points detected on the skeleton . the length and angle features are extracted from the obtained delaunay triangles and then a ←
→ vehicle classification based on convolutional networks applied to fm - cw radar signals ; this paper investigates the processing of frequency modulated - continuos wave ( fm - cw ) radar signals for vehicle classification . in the last years deep learning has gained interest in several scientific fields and signal processing is not one exception . in this work we address the recognition of the vehicle category using a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) applied to range doppler signature . the developed system first ←
→ aggressive actions and anger detection from multiple modalities using kinect ; prison facilities , mental correctional institutions , sports bars and places of public protest are prone to sudden violence and conflicts . surveillance systems play an important role in mitigation of hostile behavior and improvement of security by detecting such provocative and aggressive activities . this research proposed using automatic aggressive behavior and anger detection to improve the effectiveness of the surveillance sy ←
→ use of generative adversarial network for cross - domain change detection ; this paper addresses the problem of cross - domain change detection from a novel perspective of image - to - image translation . in general , change detection aims to identify interesting changes between a given query image and a reference image of the same scene taken at a different time . this problem becomes a challenging one when query and reference images involve different domains ( e . g ., time of the day , weather , and season ) due to variat ←
→ lesionseg : semantic segmentation of skin lesions using deep convolutional neural network ; we present a method for skin lesion segmentation for the isic 2017 skin lesion segmentation challenge . our approach is based on a fully convolutional network architecture which is trained end to end , from scratch , on a limited dataset . our semantic segmentation architecture utilizes several recent innovations in particularly in the combined use of ( i ) use of atrous convolutions to increase the effective field of vie ←
→ automatic prediction of discourse connectives ; accurate prediction of suitable discourse connectives ( however , furthermore , etc .) is a key component of any system aimed at building coherent and fluent discourses from shorter sentences and passages . as an example , a dialog system might assemble a long and informative answer by sampling passages extracted from different documents retrieved from the web . we formulate the task of discourse connective prediction and release a dataset of 2 . 9m sentence pairs sepa ←
→ exponential regret bounds for gaussian process bandits with deterministic observations ; this paper analyzes the problem of gaussian process ( gp ) bandits with deterministic observations . the analysis uses a branch and bound algorithm that is related to the ucb algorithm of ( srinivas et al , 2010 ). for gps with gaussian observation noise , with variance strictly greater than zero , srinivas et al proved that the regret vanishes at the approximate rate of $ o ( 1 /\ sqrt { t })$, where t is the number of observations .←
→ stochastic variational inference for fully bayesian sparse gaussian process regression models ; this paper presents a novel variational inference framework for deriving a family of bayesian sparse gaussian process regression ( sgpr ) models whose approximations are variationally optimal with respect to the full - rank gpr model enriched with various corresponding correlation structures of the observation noises . our variational bayesian sgpr ( vbsgpr ) models jointly treat both the distributions of the induci ←
→ neural machine translation with latent semantic of image and text ; although attention - based neural machine translation have achieved great success , attention - mechanism cannot capture the entire meaning of the source sentence because the attention mechanism generates a target word depending heavily on the relevant parts of the source sentence . the report of earlier studies has introduced a latent variable to capture the entire meaning of sentence and achieved improvement on attention - based neural machine tr ←
→ human - level cmr image analysis with deep fully convolutional networks ; cardiovascular magnetic resonance ( cmr ) imaging is a standard imaging modality for assessing cardiovascular diseases ( cvds ), the leading cause of death globally . cmr enables accurate quantification of the cardiac chamber volume , ejection fraction and myocardial mass , providing a wealth of information for sensitive and specific diagnosis and monitoring of cvds . however , for years , clinicians have been relying on manual approaches for cmr ←
→ gradient - free policy architecture search and adaptation ; we develop a method for policy architecture search and adaptation via gradient - free optimization which can learn to perform autonomous driving tasks . by learning from both demonstration and environmental reward we develop a model that can learn with relatively few early catastrophic failures . we first learn an architecture of appropriate complexity to perceive aspects of world state relevant to the expert demonstration , and then mitigate the effect o ←
→ speaker recognition with cough , laugh and " wei " ; this paper proposes a speaker recognition ( sre ) task with trivial speech events , such as cough and laugh . these trivial events are ubiquitous in conversations and less subjected to intentional change , therefore offering valuable particularities to discover the genuine speaker from disguised speech . however , trivial events are often short and idiocratic in spectral patterns , making sre extremely difficult . fortunately , we found a very powerful deep feature le ←
→ variational inference based on robust divergences ; robustness to outliers is a central issue in real - world machine learning applications . while replacing a model to a heavy - tailed one ( e . g ., from gaussian to student - t ) is a standard approach for robustification , it can only be applied to simple models . in this paper , based on zellner ' s optimization and variational formulation of bayesian inference , we propose an outlier - robust pseudo - bayesian variational method by replacing the kullback - leibler divergence ←
→ robust stochastic configuration networks with kernel density estimation ; neural networks have been widely used as predictive models to fit data distribution , and they could be implemented through learning a collection of samples . in many applications , however , the given dataset may contain noisy samples or outliers which may result in a poor learner model in terms of generalization . this paper contributes to a development of robust stochastic configuration networks ( rscns ) for resolving uncertain data regr ←
→ a principled approach towards symbolic geometric constraint satisfaction ; an important problem in geometric reasoning is to find the configuration of a collection of geometric bodies so as to satisfy a set of given constraints . recently , it has been suggested that this problem can be solved efficiently by symbolically reasoning about geometry . this approach , called degrees of freedom analysis , employs a set of specialized routines called plan fragments that specify how to change the configuration of a set ←
→ embedding feature selection for large - scale hierarchical classification ; large - scale hierarchical classification ( hc ) involves datasets consisting of thousands of classes and millions of training instances with high - dimensional features posing several big data challenges . feature selection that aims to select the subset of discriminant features is an effective strategy to deal with large - scale hc problem . it speeds up the training process , reduces the prediction time and minimizes the memory requirements b ←
→ measuring efficiency in high - accuracy , broad - coverage statistical parsing ; very little attention has been paid to the comparison of efficiency between high accuracy statistical parsers . this paper proposes one machine - independent metric that is general enough to allow comparisons across very different parsing architectures . this metric , which we call `` events considered '', measures the number of `` events '', however they are defined for a particular parser , for which a probability must be calculated , in o ←
→ the nonparametric metadata dependent relational model ; we introduce the nonparametric metadata dependent relational ( nmdr ) model , a bayesian nonparametric stochastic block model for network data . the nmdr allows the entities associated with each node to have mixed membership in an unbounded collection of latent communities . learned regression models allow these memberships to depend on , and be predicted from , arbitrary node metadata . we develop efficient mcmc algorithms for learning nmdr models from partia ←
→ heuristic search as evidential reasoning ; bps , the bayesian problem solver , applies probabilistic inference and decision - theoretic control to flexible , resource - constrained problem - solving . this paper focuses on the bayesian inference mechanism in bps , and contrasts it with those of traditional heuristic search techniques . by performing sound inference , bps can outperform traditional techniques with significantly less computational effort . empirical tests on the eight puzzle show that after only a few hund ←
→ understanding people flow in transportation hubs ; in this paper , we aim to monitor the flow of people in large public infrastructures . we propose an unsupervised methodology to cluster people flow patterns into the most typical and meaningful configurations . by processing 3d images from a network of depth cameras , we built a descriptor for the flow pattern . we define a data - irregularity measure that assesses how well each descriptor fits a data model . this allows us to rank the flow patterns from highly di ←
→ super - mixed multiple attribute group decision making method based on hybrid fuzzy grey relation approach degree ; the feature of our method different from other fuzzy grey relation method for supermixed multiple attribute group decision - making is that all of the subjective and objective weights are obtained by interval grey number and that the group decisionmaking is performed based on the relative approach degree of grey topsis , the relative approach degree of grey incidence and the relative membership d ←
→ tosca : operationalizing commitments over information protocols ; the notion of commitment is widely studied as a high - level abstraction for modeling multiagent interaction . an important challenge is supporting flexible decentralized enactments of commitment specifications . in this paper , we combine recent advances on specifying commitments and information protocols . specifically , we contribute tosca , a technique for automatically synthesizing information protocols from commitment specifications . our main re ←
→ on the feasibility of distributed kernel regression for big data ; in modern scientific research , massive datasets with huge numbers of observations are frequently encountered . to facilitate the computational process , a divide - and - conquer scheme is often used for the analysis of big data . in such a strategy , a full dataset is first split into several manageable segments ; the final output is then averaged from the individual outputs of the segments . despite its popularity in practice , it remains largely unkn ←
→ long - term correlation tracking using multi - layer hybrid features in sparse and dense environments ; tracking a target of interest in both sparse and crowded environments is a challenging problem , not yet successfully addressed in the literature . in this paper , we propose a new long - term visual tracking algorithm , learning discriminative correlation filters and using an online classifier , to track a target of interest in both sparse and crowded video sequences . first , we learn a translation correlation fil ←
→ patternnet : a benchmark dataset for performance evaluation of remote sensing image retrieval ; remote sensing image retrieval ( rsir ), which aims to efficiently retrieve data of interest from large collections of remote sensing data , is a fundamental task in remote sensing . over the past several decades , there has been significant effort to extract powerful feature representations for this task since the retrieval performance depends on the representative strength of the features . benchmark datasets are als ←
→ neural algebra of classifiers ; the world is fundamentally compositional , so it is natural to think of visual recognition as the recognition of basic visually primitives that are composed according to well - defined rules . this strategy allows us to recognize unseen complex concepts from simple visual primitives . however , the current trend in visual recognition follows a data greedy approach where huge amounts of data are required to learn models for any desired visual concept . in this paper , we build on the ←
→ arabic multi - dialect segmentation : bi - lstm - crf vs . svm ; arabic word segmentation is essential for a variety of nlp applications such as machine translation and information retrieval . segmentation entails breaking words into their constituent stems , affixes and clitics . in this paper , we compare two approaches for segmenting four major arabic dialects using only several thousand training examples for each dialect . the two approaches involve posing the problem as a ranking problem , where an svm ranker picks ←
→ concentration inequalities of the cross - validation estimate for stable predictors ; in this article , we derive concentration inequalities for the cross - validation estimate of the generalization error for stable predictors in the context of risk assessment . the notion of stability has been first introduced by \ cite { dewa79 } and extended by \ cite { kea95 }, \ cite { be01 } and \ cite { kuniy02 } to characterize class of predictors with infinite vc dimension . in particular , this covers $ k $- nearest neighbors rules , bayes ←
→ bounded conditioning : flexible inference for decisions under scarce resources ; we introduce a graceful approach to probabilistic inference called bounded conditioning . bounded conditioning monotonically refines the bounds on posterior probabilities in a belief network with computation , and converges on final probabilities of interest with the allocation of a complete resource fraction . the approach allows a reasoner to exchange arbitrary quantities of computational resource for incremental gains in infer ←
→ dealing with uncertainty on the initial state of a petri net ; this paper proposes a method to find the actual state of a complex dynamic system from information coming from the sensors on the system himself , or on its environment . the nominal evolution of the system is a priori known and can be modeled ( by an expert , for example ), by different methods . in this paper , the petri nets have been chosen . contrary to the usual use of the petri nets , the initial state of the system is unknown . so a degree of beli ←
→ real - world object recognition with off - the - shelf deep conv nets : how many objects can icub learn ? ; the ability to visually recognize objects is a fundamental skill for robotics systems . indeed , a large variety of tasks involving manipulation , navigation or interaction with other agents , deeply depends on the accurate understanding of the visual scene . yet , at the time being , robots are lacking good visual perceptual systems , which often become the main bottleneck preventing the use of autonomous agents f ←
→ on the crucial impact of the coupling projector - backprojector in iterative tomographic reconstruction ; the performance of an iterative reconstruction algorithm for x - ray tomography is strongly determined by the features of the used forward and backprojector . for this reason , a large number of studies has focused on the to design of projectors with increasingly higher accuracy and speed . to what extent the accuracy of an iterative algorithm is affected by the mathematical affinity and the similarity betwe ←
→ trading - off cost of deployment versus accuracy in learning predictive models ; predictive models are finding an increasing number of applications in many industries . as a result , a practical means for trading - off the cost of deploying a model versus its effectiveness is needed . our work is motivated by risk prediction problems in healthcare . cost - structures in domains such as healthcare are quite complex , posing a significant challenge to existing approaches . we propose a novel framework for designing cos ←
→ biofilmquant : a computer - assisted tool for dental biofilm quantification ; dental biofilm is the deposition of microbial material over a tooth substratum . several methods have recently been reported in the literature for biofilm quantification ; however , at best they provide a barely automated solution requiring significant input needed from the human expert . on the contrary , state - of - the - art automatic biofilm methods fail to make their way into clinical practice because of the lack of effective mechanism to ←
→ a retrieval - based dialogue system utilizing utterance and context embeddings ; finding semantically rich and computer - understandable representations for textual dialogues , utterances and words is crucial for dialogue systems ( or conversational agents ), as their performance mostly depends on understanding the context of conversations . recent research aims at finding distributed vector representations ( embeddings ) for words , such that semantically similar words are relatively close within the vector - space . ←
→ on the sample complexity of sparse dictionary learning ; in the synthesis model signals are represented as a sparse combinations of atoms from a dictionary . dictionary learning describes the acquisition process of the underlying dictionary for a given set of training samples . while ideally this would be achieved by optimizing the expectation of the factors over the underlying distribution of the training data , in practice the necessary information about the distribution is not available . therefore , in real ←
→ improving recall of in situ sequencing by self - learned features and a graphical model ; image - based sequencing of mrna makes it possible to see where in a tissue sample a given gene is active , and thus discern large numbers of different cell types in parallel . this is crucial for gaining a better understanding of tissue development and disease such as cancer . signals are collected over multiple staining and imaging cycles , and signal density together with noise makes signal decoding challenging . previous ←
→ the automatic identification of butterfly species ; the available butterfly data sets comprise a few limited species , and the images in the data sets are always standard patterns without the images of butterflies in their living environment . to overcome the aforementioned limitations in the butterfly data sets , we build a butterfly data set composed of all species of butterflies in china with 4270 standard pattern images of 1176 butterfly species , and 1425 images from living environment of 111 species . we p ←
→ curvature integration in a 5d kernel for extracting vessel connections in retinal images ; tree - like structures such as retinal images are widely studied in computer - aided diagnosis systems for large - scale screening programs . despite several segmentation and tracking methods proposed in the literature , there still exist several limitations specifically when two or more curvilinear structures cross or bifurcate , or in the presence of interrupted lines or highly curved blood vessels . in this paper , we propo ←
→ learning , generalization , and functional entropy in random automata networks ; it has been shown \ citep { broeck90 : physicalreview , patarnello87 : europhys } that feedforward boolean networks can learn to perform specific simple tasks and generalize well if only a subset of the learning examples is provided for learning . here , we extend this body of work and show experimentally that random boolean networks ( rbns ), where both the interconnections and the boolean transfer functions are chosen at random initially , ←
→ a hybrid artificial immune system and self organising map for network intrusion detection ; network intrusion detection is the problem of detecting unauthorised use of , or access to , computer systems over a network . two broad approaches exist to tackle this problem : anomaly detection and misuse detection . an anomaly detection system is trained only on examples of normal connections , and thus has the potential to detect novel attacks . however , many anomaly detection systems simply report the anomalous acti ←
→ reading text in the wild with convolutional neural networks ; in this work we present an end - to - end system for text spotting -- localising and recognising text in natural scene images -- and text based image retrieval . this system is based on a region proposal mechanism for detection and deep convolutional neural networks for recognition . our pipeline uses a novel combination of complementary proposal generation techniques to ensure high recall , and a fast subsequent filtering stage for improving precision .←
→ heuristics for exact nonnegative matrix factorization ; the exact nonnegative matrix factorization ( exact nmf ) problem is the following : given an $ m $- by -$ n $ nonnegative matrix $ x $ and a factorization rank $ r $, find , if possible , an $ m $- by -$ r $ nonnegative matrix $ w $ and an $ r $- by -$ n $ nonnegative matrix $ h $ such that $ x = wh $. in this paper , we propose two heuristics for exact nmf , one inspired from simulated annealing and the other from the greedy randomized adaptive search procedure . we show that these two ←
→ content adaptive screen image scaling ; this paper proposes an efficient content adaptive screen image scaling scheme for the real - time screen applications like remote desktop and screen sharing . in the proposed screen scaling scheme , a screen content classification step is first introduced to classify the screen image into text and pictorial regions . afterward , we propose an adaptive shift linear interpolation algorithm to predict the new pixel values with the shift offset adapted to the content type of ea ←
→ inaut , a controlled language for the french coast pilot books instructions nautiques ; we describe inaut , a controlled natural language dedicated to collaborative update of a knowledge base on maritime navigation and to automatic generation of coast pilot books ( instructions nautiques ) of the french national hydrographic and oceanographic service shom . inaut is based on french language and abundantly uses georeferenced entities . after describing the structure of the overall system , giving details on the l ←
→ joint rnn model for argument component boundary detection ; argument component boundary detection ( acbd ) is an important sub - task in argumentation mining ; it aims at identifying the word sequences that constitute argument components , and is usually considered as the first sub - task in the argumentation mining pipeline . existing acbd methods heavily depend on task - specific knowledge , and require considerable human efforts on feature - engineering . to tackle these problems , in this work , we formulate acbd as a s ←
→ ensemble one - dimensional convolution neural networks for skeleton - based action recognition ; in this paper , we proposed a effective but extensible residual one - dimensional convolution neural network as base network , based on the this network , we proposed four subnets to explore the features of skeleton sequences from each aspect . given a skeleton sequences , the spatial information are encoded into the skeleton joints coordinate in a frame and the temporal information are present by multiple frames . limite ←
→ desire : distant future prediction in dynamic scenes with interacting agents ; we introduce a deep stochastic ioc rnn encoderdecoder framework , desire , for the task of future predictions of multiple interacting agents in dynamic scenes . desire effectively predicts future locations of objects in multiple scenes by 1 ) accounting for the multi - modal nature of the future prediction ( i . e ., given the same context , future may vary ), 2 ) foreseeing the potential future outcomes and make a strategic prediction based ←
→ word searching in scene image and video frame in multi - script scenario using dynamic shape coding ; retrieval of text information from natural scene images and video frames is a challenging task due to its inherent problems like complex character shapes , low resolution , background noise , etc . available ocr systems often fail to retrieve such information in scene / video frames . keyword spotting , an alternative way to retrieve information , performs efficient text searching in such scenarios . however , current ←
→ towards recovery of conditional vectors from conditional generative adversarial networks ; a conditional generative adversarial network allows for generating samples conditioned on certain external information . being able to recover latent and conditional vectors from a condi - tional gan can be potentially valuable in various applications , ranging from image manipulation for entertaining purposes to diagnosis of the neural networks for security purposes . in this work , we show that it is possible to recove ←
→ veegan : reducing mode collapse in gans using implicit variational learning ; deep generative models provide powerful tools for distributions over complicated manifolds , such as those of natural images . but many of these methods , including generative adversarial networks ( gans ), can be difficult to train , in part because they are prone to mode collapse , which means that they characterize only a few modes of the true distribution . to address this , we introduce veegan , which features a reconstructor network ,←
→ convex coding ; inspired by recent work on convex formulations of clustering ( lashkari & golland , 2008 ; nowozin & bakir , 2008 ) we investigate a new formulation of the sparse coding problem ( olshausen & field , 1997 ). in sparse coding we attempt to simultaneously represent a sequence of data - vectors sparsely ( i . e . sparse approximation ( tropp et al ., 2006 )) in terms of a ' code ' defined by a set of basis elements , while also finding a code that enables such an approximation . as existing alternating optimization ←
→ an online expectation - maximisation algorithm for nonnegative matrix factorisation models ; in this paper we formulate the nonnegative matrix factorisation ( nmf ) problem as a maximum likelihood estimation problem for hidden markov models and propose online expectation - maximisation ( em ) algorithms to estimate the nmf and the other unknown static parameters . we also propose a sequential monte carlo approximation of our online em algorithm . we show the performance of the proposed method with two numerical exa ←
→ a fast and accurate vietnamese word segmenter ; we propose a novel approach to vietnamese word segmentation . our approach is based on the single classification ripple down rules methodology ( compton and jansen , 1990 ), where rules are stored in an exception structure and new rules are only added to correct segmentation errors given by existing rules . experimental results on the benchmark vietnamese treebank show that our approach outperforms previous state - of - the - art approaches jvnsegmenter , vntokenizer , don ←
→ the benefits of word embeddings features for active learning in clinical information extraction ; this study investigates the use of unsupervised word embeddings and sequence features for sample representation in an active learning framework built to extract clinical concepts from clinical free text . the objective is to further reduce the manual annotation effort while achieving higher effectiveness compared to a set of baseline features . unsupervised features are derived from skip - gram word embeddings an ←
→ processing of test matrices with guessing correction ; it is suggested to insert into test matrix 1s for correct responses , 0s for response refusals , and negative corrective elements for incorrect responses . with the classical test theory approach test scores of examinees and items are calculated traditionally as sums of matrix elements , organized in rows and columns . correlation coefficients are estimated using correction coefficients . in item response theory approach examinee and item logits are estimated ←
→ saturating splines and feature selection ; we extend the adaptive regression spline model by incorporating saturation , the natural requirement that a function extend as a constant outside a certain range . we fit saturating splines to data using a convex optimization problem over a space of measures , which we solve using an efficient algorithm based on the conditional gradient method . unlike many existing approaches , our algorithm solves the original infinite - dimensional ( for splines of degree at least two ) ←
→ truthful feedback for sanctioning reputation mechanisms ; for product rating environments , similar to that of amazon reviews , it has been shown that the truthful elicitation of feedback is possible through mechanisms which pay buyer reports contingent on the reports of other buyers . we study whether similar mechanisms can be designed for reputation mechanisms at online auction sites where the buyers ' experiences are partially determined by a strategic seller . we show that this is impossible for the basic se ←
→ maximum margin vector correlation filter ; correlation filters ( cfs ) are a class of classifiers which are designed for accurate pattern localization . traditionally cfs have been used with scalar features only , which limits their ability to be used with vector feature representations like gabor filter banks , sift , hog , etc . in this paper we present a new cf named maximum margin vector correlation filter ( mmvcf ) which extends the traditional cf designs to vector features . mmvcf further combines the generaliza ←
→ the youtube - 8m kaggle competition : challenges and methods ; we took part in the youtube - 8m video understanding challenge hosted on kaggle , and achieved the 10th place within less than one month ' s time . in this paper , we present an extensive analysis and solution to the underlying machine - learning problem based on frame - level data , where major challenges are identified and corresponding preliminary methods are proposed . it ' s noteworthy that , with merely the proposed strategies and uniformly - averaging multi - c ←
→ low - shot learning from imaginary data ; humans can quickly learn new visual concepts , perhaps because they can easily visualize or imagine what novel objects look like from different views . incorporating this ability to hallucinate novel instances of new concepts might help machine vision systems perform better low - shot learning , i . e ., learning concepts from few examples . we present a novel approach to low - shot learning that uses this idea . our approach builds on recent progress in meta - learning (" learning ←
→ deep view morphing ; recently , convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have been successfully applied to view synthesis problems . however , such cnn - based methods can suffer from lack of texture details , shape distortions , or high computational complexity . in this paper , we propose a novel cnn architecture for view synthesis called " deep view morphing " that does not suffer from these issues . to synthesize a middle view of two input images , a rectification network first rectifies the two input images . an encoder -←
→ smoothing effects of bagging : von mises expansions of bagged statistical functionals ; bagging is a device intended for reducing the prediction error of learning algorithms . in its simplest form , bagging draws bootstrap samples from the training sample , applies the learning algorithm to each bootstrap sample , and then averages the resulting prediction rules . we extend the definition of bagging from statistics to statistical functionals and study the von mises expansion of bagged statistical functionals .←
→ measures of distributional similarity ; we study distributional similarity measures for the purpose of improving probability estimation for unseen cooccurrences . our contributions are three - fold : an empirical comparison of a broad range of measures ; a classification of similarity functions based on the information that they incorporate ; and the introduction of a novel function that is superior at evaluating potential proxy distributions .←
→ using inspiration from synaptic plasticity rules to optimize traffic flow in distributed engineered networks ; controlling the flow and routing of data is a fundamental problem in many distributed networks , including transportation systems , integrated circuits , and the internet . in the brain , synaptic plasticity rules have been discovered that regulate network activity in response to environmental inputs , which enable circuits to be stable yet flexible . here , we develop a new neuro - inspired model for netw ←
→ i ' m sorry to say , but your understanding of image processing fundamentals is absolutely wrong ; the ongoing discussion whether modern vision systems have to be viewed as visually - enabled cognitive systems or cognitively - enabled vision systems is groundless , because perceptual and cognitive faculties of vision are separate components of human ( and consequently , artificial ) information processing system modeling .←
→ proposal flow ; finding image correspondences remains a challenging problem in the presence of intra - class variations and large changes in scene layout .~ semantic flow methods are designed to handle images depicting different instances of the same object or scene category . we introduce a novel approach to semantic flow , dubbed proposal flow , that establishes reliable correspondences using object proposals . unlike prevailing semantic flow approaches that operate on pixels or regularly sampled local regions , p ←
→ low - memory gemm - based convolution algorithms for deep neural networks ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) require very large amounts of computation both for training and for inference when deployed in the field . a common approach to implementing dnns is to recast the most computationally expensive operations as general matrix multiplication ( gemm ). however , as we demonstrate in this paper , there are a great many different ways to express dnn convolution operations using gemm . although different approaches all per ←
→ multiobjective optimization of solar powered irrigation system with fuzzy type - 2 noise modelling ; optimization is becoming a crucial element in industrial applications involving sustainable alternative energy systems . during the design of such systems , the engineer / decision maker would often encounter noise factors ( e . g . solar insolation and ambient temperature fluctuations ) when their system interacts with the environment . in this chapter , the sizing and design optimization of the solar powered irrigati ←
→ incremental computation of the value of perfect information in stepwise - decomposable influence diagrams ; to determine the value of perfect information in an influence diagram , one needs first to modify the diagram to reflect the change in information availability , and then to compute the optimal expected values of both the original diagram and the modified diagram . the value of perfect information is the difference between the two optimal expected values . this paper is about how to speed up the computati ←
→ lexico - acoustic neural - based models for dialog act classification ; recent works have proposed neural models for dialog act classification in spoken dialogs . however , they have not explored the role and the usefulness of acoustic information . we propose a neural model that processes both lexical and acoustic features for classification . our results on two benchmark datasets reveal that acoustic features are helpful in improving the overall accuracy . finally , a deeper analysis shows that acoustic features ar ←
→ a numerical example on the principles of stochastic discrimination ; studies on ensemble methods for classification suffer from the difficulty of modeling the complementary strengths of the components . kleinberg ' s theory of stochastic discrimination ( sd ) addresses this rigorously via mathematical notions of enrichment , uniformity , and projectability of an ensemble . we explain these concepts via a very simple numerical example that captures the basic principles of the sd theory and method . we focus on a fund ←
→ deep neural networks for hdr imaging ; we propose novel methods of solving two tasks using convolutional neural networks , firstly the task of generating hdr map of a static scene using differently exposed ldr images of the scene captured using conventional cameras and secondly the task of finding an optimal tone mapping operator that would give a better score on the tmqi metric compared to the existing methods . we quantitatively show the performance of our networks and illustrate the cases where our network ←
→ make your bone great again : a study on osteoporosis classification ; osteoporosis can be identified by looking at 2d x - ray images of the bone . the high degree of similarity between images of a healthy bone and a diseased one makes classification a challenge . a good bone texture characterization technique is essential for identifying osteoporosis cases . standard texture feature extraction techniques like local binary pattern ( lbp ), gray level co - occurrence matrix ( glcm ) have been used for this purpose . in t ←
→ maximum persistency via iterative relaxed inference with graphical models ; we consider the np - hard problem of map - inference for undirected discrete graphical models . we propose a polynomial time and practically efficient algorithm for finding a part of its optimal solution . specifically , our algorithm marks some labels of the considered graphical model either as ( i ) optimal , meaning that they belong to all optimal solutions of the inference problem ; ( ii ) non - optimal if they provably do not belong to any ←
→ a survey of neuromorphic computing and neural networks in hardware ; neuromorphic computing has come to refer to a variety of brain - inspired computers , devices , and models that contrast the pervasive von neumann computer architecture . this biologically inspired approach has created highly connected synthetic neurons and synapses that can be used to model neuroscience theories as well as solve challenging machine learning problems . the promise of the technology is to create a brain - like ability to learn and ←
→ bayesian discovery of threat networks ; a novel unified bayesian framework for network detection is developed , under which a detection algorithm is derived based on random walks on graphs . the algorithm detects threat networks using partial observations of their activity , and is proved to be optimum in the neyman - pearson sense . the algorithm is defined by a graph , at least one observation , and a diffusion model for threat . a link to well - known spectral detection methods is provided , and the equivalence of t ←
→ mathematical models in schema theory ; in this paper , a mathematical schema theory is developed . this theory has three roots : brain theory schemas , grid automata , and block - shemas . in section 2 of this paper , elements of the theory of grid automata necessary for the mathematical schema theory are presented . in section 3 , elements of brain theory necessary for the mathematical schema theory are presented . in section 4 , other types of schemas are considered . in section 5 , the mathematical schema theory is dev ←
→ hashing with mutual information ; binary vector embeddings enable fast nearest neighbor retrieval in large databases of high - dimensional objects , and play an important role in many practical applications , such as image and video retrieval . we study the problem of learning binary vector embeddings under a supervised setting , also known as hashing . we propose a novel supervised hashing method based on optimizing an information - theoretic quantity , mutual information . we show that optimizing mutual information ←
→ exploiting particle swarm optimization in multiple faults fuzzy detection ; in this paper an on - line multiple faults detection approach is first of all proposed . for efficiency , an optimal design of membership functions is required . thus , the proposed approach is improved using particle swarm optimization ( pso ) technique . the inputs of the proposed approaches are residuals representing the numerical evaluation of analytical redundancy relations . these residuals are generated due to the use of bond graph m ←
→ optimal discriminant functions based on sampled distribution distance for modulation classification ; in this letter , we derive the optimal discriminant functions for modulation classification based on the sampled distribution distance . the proposed method classifies various candidate constellations using a low complexity approach based on the distribution distance at specific testpoints along the cumulative distribution function . this method , based on the bayesian decision criteria , asymptotically provid ←
→ how do humans understand explanations from machine learning systems ? an evaluation of the human - interpretability of explanation ; recent years have seen a boom in interest in machine learning systems that can provide a human - understandable rationale for their predictions or decisions . however , exactly what kinds of explanation are truly human - interpretable remains poorly understood . this work advances our understanding of what makes explanations interpretable in the specific context of verification . suppo ←
→ robust , deep and inductive anomaly detection ; pca is a classical statistical technique whose simplicity and maturity has seen it find widespread use as an anomaly detection technique . however , it is limited in this regard by being sensitive to gross perturbations of the input , and by seeking a linear subspace that captures normal behaviour . the first issue has been dealt with by robust pca , a variant of pca that explicitly allows for some data points to be arbitrarily corrupted , however , this does not reso ←
→ blind score normalization method for plda based speaker recognition ; probabilistic linear discriminant analysis ( plda ) has become state - of - the - art method for modeling $ i $- vector space in speaker recognition task . however the performance degradation is observed if enrollment data size differs from one speaker to another . this paper presents a solution to such problem by introducing new plda scoring normalization technique . normalization parameters are derived in a blind way , so that , unlike traditional \ tex ←
→ a practical guide to randomized matrix computations with matlab implementations ; matrix operations such as matrix inversion , eigenvalue decomposition , singular value decomposition are ubiquitous in real - world applications . unfortunately , many of these matrix operations so time and memory expensive that they are prohibitive when the scale of data is large . in real - world applications , since the data themselves are noisy , machine - precision matrix operations are not necessary at all , and one can sacrifice a ←
→ context - aware captions from context - agnostic supervision ; we introduce an inference technique to produce discriminative context - aware image captions ( captions that describe differences between images or visual concepts ) using only generic context - agnostic training data ( captions that describe a concept or an image in isolation ). for example , given images and captions of " siamese cat " and " tiger cat ", we generate language that describes the " siamese cat " in a way that distinguishes it from " tiger cat ". our ←
→ a novel mutation operator based on the union of fitness and design spaces information for differential evolution ; differential evolution ( de ) is one of the most successful and powerful evolutionary algorithms for global optimization problem . the most important operator in this algorithm is mutation operator which parents are selected randomly to participate in it . recently , numerous papers are tried to make this operator more intelligent by selection of parents for mutation intelligently . the intelligent ←
→ reinforcement learning based recommender system using biclustering technique ; a recommender system aims to recommend items that a user is interested in among many items . the need for the recommender system has been expanded by the information explosion . various approaches have been suggested for providing meaningful recommendations to users . one of the proposed approaches is to consider a recommender system as a markov decision process ( mdp ) problem and try to solve it using reinforcement learning ( rl ). ←
→ evolving a - type artificial neural networks ; we investigate turing ' s notion of an a - type artificial neural network . we study a refinement of turing ' s original idea , motivated by work of teuscher , bull , preen and copeland . our a - types can process binary data by accepting and outputting sequences of binary vectors ; hence we can associate a function to an a - type , and we say the a - type {\ em represents } the function . there are two modes of data processing : clamped and sequential . we describe an evolutionary algo ←
→ deep learning ensembles for melanoma recognition in dermoscopy images ; melanoma is the deadliest form of skin cancer . while curable with early detection , only highly trained specialists are capable of accurately recognizing the disease . as expertise is in limited supply , automated systems capable of identifying disease could save lives , reduce unnecessary biopsies , and reduce costs . toward this goal , we propose a system that combines recent developments in deep learning with established machine learning ap ←
→ predicting native language from gaze ; a fundamental question in language learning concerns the role of a speaker ' s first language in second language acquisition . we present a novel methodology for studying this question : analysis of eye - movement patterns in second language reading of free - form text . using this methodology , we demonstrate for the first time that the native language of english learners can be predicted from their gaze fixations when reading english . we provide analysis of classifier uncertai ←
→ a sub - quadratic exact medoid algorithm ; we present a new algorithm , trimed , for obtaining the medoid of a set , that is the element of the set which minimises the mean distance to all other elements . the algorithm is shown to have , under certain assumptions , expected run time o ( n ^( 3 / 2 )) in r ^ d where n is the set size , making it the first sub - quadratic exact medoid algorithm for d > 1 . experiments show that it performs very well on spatial network data , frequently requiring two orders of magnitude fewer distan ←
→ grounded lexicon acquisition - case studies in spatial language ; this paper discusses grounded acquisition experiments of increasing complexity . humanoid robots acquire english spatial lexicons from robot tutors . we identify how various spatial language systems , such as projective , absolute and proximal can be learned . the proposed learning mechanisms do not rely on direct meaning transfer or direct access to world models of interlocutors . finally , we show how multiple systems can be acquired at the same t ←
→ conditions for normative decision making at the fire ground ; we discuss the changes in an attitude to decision making at the fire ground . the changes are driven by the recent technological shift . the emerging new approaches in sensing and data processing ( under common umbrella of cyber - physical systems ) allow for leveling off the gap , between humans and machines , in perception of the fire ground . furthermore , results from descriptive decision theory question the rationality of human choices . this creates t ←
→ improving the improved training of wasserstein gans : a consistency term and its dual effect ; despite being impactful on a variety of problems and applications , the generative adversarial nets ( gans ) are remarkably difficult to train . this issue is formally analyzed by \ cite { arjovsky2017towards }, who also propose an alternative direction to avoid the caveats in the minmax two - player training of gans . the corresponding algorithm , called wasserstein gan ( wgan ), hinges on the 1 - lipschitz continuity of the di ←
→ memory - augmented neural networks for predictive process analytics ; process analytics involves a sophisticated layer of data analytics built over the traditional notion of process mining . the flexible execution of business process instances involves multiple critical decisions including what task to perform next and what resources to allocate to a task . in this paper , we explore the application of deep learning techniques for solving various process analytics related problems . based on recent advances in th ←
→ supervised heterogeneous multiview learning for joint association study and disease diagnosis ; given genetic variations and various phenotypical traits , such as magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) features , we consider two important and related tasks in biomedical research : i ) to select genetic and phenotypical markers for disease diagnosis and ii ) to identify associations between genetic and phenotypical data . these two tasks are tightly coupled because underlying associations between genetic variations and ←
→ scalable and compact 3d action recognition with approximated rbf kernel machines ; despite the recent deep learning ( dl ) revolution , kernel machines still remain powerful methods for action recognition . dl has brought the use of large datasets and this is typically a problem for kernel approaches , which are not scaling up efficiently due to kernel gram matrices . nevertheless , kernel methods are still attractive and more generally applicable since they can equally manage different sizes of the datasets , al ←
→ probing the statistical properties of unknown texts : application to the voynich manuscript ; while the use of statistical physics methods to analyze large corpora has been useful to unveil many patterns in texts , no comprehensive investigation has been performed investigating the properties of statistical measurements across different languages and texts . in this study we propose a framework that aims at determining if a text is compatible with a natural language and which languages are closest to it , wit ←
→ characteristic matrix of covering and its application to boolean matrix decomposition and axiomatization ; covering is an important type of data structure while covering - based rough sets provide an efficient and systematic theory to deal with covering data . in this paper , we use boolean matrices to represent and axiomatize three types of covering approximation operators . first , we define two types of characteristic matrices of a covering which are essentially square boolean ones , and their properties are ←
→ deep learning for accelerated ultrasound imaging ; in portable , 3 - d , or ultra - fast ultrasound ( us ) imaging systems , there is an increasing demand to reconstruct high quality images from limited number of data . however , the existing solutions require either hardware changes or computationally expansive algorithms . to overcome these limitations , here we propose a novel deep learning approach that interpolates the missing rf data by utilizing the sparsity of the rf data in the fourier domain . extensive experim ←
→ diachronic variation in grammatical relations ; we present a method of finding and analyzing shifts in grammatical relations found in diachronic corpora . inspired by the econometric technique of measuring return and volatility instead of relative frequencies , we propose them as a way to better characterize changes in grammatical patterns like nominalization , modification and comparison . to exemplify the use of these techniques , we examine a corpus of nips papers and report trends which manifest at the token ←
→ parameter compression of recurrent neural networks and degradation of short - term memory ; the significant computational costs of deploying neural networks in large - scale or resource constrained environments , such as data centers and mobile devices , has spurred interest in model compression , which can achieve a reduction in both arithmetic operations and storage memory . several techniques have been proposed for reducing or compressing the parameters for feed - forward and convolutional neural networks , but l ←
→ death and suicide in universal artificial intelligence ; reinforcement learning ( rl ) is a general paradigm for studying intelligent behaviour , with applications ranging from artificial intelligence to psychology and economics . aixi is a universal solution to the rl problem ; it can learn any computable environment . a technical subtlety of aixi is that it is defined using a mixture over semimeasures that need not sum to 1 , rather than over proper probability measures . in this work we argue that the shortfall ←
→ an aerial image recognition framework using discrimination and redundancy quality measure ; aerial image categorization plays an indispensable role in remote sensing and artificial intelligence . in this paper , we propose a new aerial image categorization framework , focusing on organizing the local patches of each aerial image into multiple discriminative subgraphs . the subgraphs reflect both the geometric property and the color distribution of an aerial image . first , each aerial image is decomposed into a ←
→ learning mixed graphical models ; we consider the problem of learning the structure of a pairwise graphical model over continuous and discrete variables . we present a new pairwise model for graphical models with both continuous and discrete variables that is amenable to structure learning . in previous work , authors have considered structure learning of gaussian graphical models and structure learning of discrete models . our approach is a natural generalization of these two lines of work to the mixed case . t ←
→ a bimodal network approach to model topic dynamics ; this paper presents an intertemporal bimodal network to analyze the evolution of the semantic content of a scientific field within the framework of topic modeling , namely using the latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ). the main contribution is the conceptualization of the topic dynamics and its formalization and codification into an algorithm . to benchmark the effectiveness of this approach , we propose three indexes which track the transformation of topics o ←
→ blind deconvolution via maximum kurtosis adaptive filtering ; in this paper , we present an algorithm for identifying a parametrically described destructive unknown system based on a non - gaussianity measure . it is known that under certain conditions the output of a linear system is more gaussian than the input . hence , an inverse filter is searched , such that its output is minimally gaussian . we use the kurtosis as a measure of the non - gaussianity of the signal . a maximum of the kurtosis as a function of the ←
→ decisions with limited observations over a finite product space : the klir effect ; probability estimation by maximum entropy reconstruction of an initial relative frequency estimate from its projection onto a hypergraph model of the approximate conditional independence relations exhibited by it is investigated . the results of this study suggest that use of this estimation technique may improve the quality of decisions that must be made on the basis of limited observations over a decomposable finite produc ←
→ multiobjective optimization in gene expression programming for dew point ; the processes occurring in climatic change evolution and their variations play a major role in environmental engineering . different techniques are used to model the relationship between temperatures , dew point and relative humidity . gene expression programming is capable of modelling complex realities with great accuracy , allowing , at the same time , the extraction of knowledge from the evolved models compared to other learning algori ←
→ voting for deceptive opinion spam detection ; consumers ' purchase decisions are increasingly influenced by user - generated online reviews . accordingly , there has been growing concern about the potential for posting deceptive opinion spam fictitious reviews that have been deliberately written to sound authentic , to deceive the readers . existing approaches mainly focus on developing automatic supervised learning based methods to help users identify deceptive opinion spams . this work , we used the lsi and spri ←
→ pooling - invariant image feature learning ; unsupervised dictionary learning has been a key component in state - of - the - art computer vision recognition architectures . while highly effective methods exist for patch - based dictionary learning , these methods may learn redundant features after the pooling stage in a given early vision architecture . in this paper , we offer a novel dictionary learning scheme to efficiently take into account the invariance of learned features after the spatial pooling stage . the algor ←
→ a kernel approach to tractable bayesian nonparametrics ; inference in popular nonparametric bayesian models typically relies on sampling or other approximations . this paper presents a general methodology for constructing novel tractable nonparametric bayesian methods by applying the kernel trick to inference in a parametric bayesian model . for example , gaussian process regression can be derived this way from bayesian linear regression . despite the success of the gaussian process framework , the kernel trick ←
→ a compact avlsi conductance - based silicon neuron ; we present an analogue very large scale integration ( avlsi ) implementation that uses first - order lowpass filters to implement a conductance - based silicon neuron for high - speed neuromorphic systems . the avlsi neuron consists of a soma ( cell body ) and a single synapse , which is capable of linearly summing both the excitatory and inhibitory postsynaptic potentials ( epsp and ipsp ) generated by the spikes arriving from different sources . rather than biasing the ←
→ deep generative adversarial neural networks for realistic prostate lesion mri synthesis ; generative adversarial neural networks ( gans ) are applied to the synthetic generation of prostate lesion mri images . gans have been applied to a variety of natural images , is shown show that the same techniques can be used in the medical domain to create realistic looking synthetic lesion images . 16mm x 16mm patches are extracted from 330 mri scans from the spie prostatex challenge 2016 and used to train a deep convo ←
→ robust image registration via empirical mode decomposition ; spatially varying intensity noise is a common source of distortion in images . bias field noise is one example of such distortion that is often present in the magnetic resonance ( mr ) images . in this paper , we first show that empirical mode decomposition ( emd ) can considerably reduce the bias field noise in the mr images . then , we propose two hierarchical multi - resolution emd - based algorithms for robust registration of images in the presence of spat ←
→ squeezenet : alexnet - level accuracy with 50x fewer parameters and < 0 . 5mb model size ; recent research on deep neural networks has focused primarily on improving accuracy . for a given accuracy level , it is typically possible to identify multiple dnn architectures that achieve that accuracy level . with equivalent accuracy , smaller dnn architectures offer at least three advantages : ( 1 ) smaller dnns require less communication across servers during distributed training . ( 2 ) smaller dnns require less bandwidth t ←
→ on planning with preferences in htn ; in this paper , we address the problem of generating preferred plans by combining the procedural control knowledge specified by hierarchical task networks ( htns ) with rich qualitative user preferences . the outcome of our work is a language for specifyin user preferences , tailored to htn planning , together with a provably optimal preference - based planner , htnplan , that is implemented as an extension of shop2 . to compute preferred plans , we propose an approach based on for ←
→ scene grammars , factor graphs , and belief propagation ; we consider a class of probabilistic grammars for generating scenes with multiple objects . probabilistic scene grammars capture relationships between objects using compositional rules that provide important contextual cues for inference with ambiguous data . we show how to represent the distribution defined by a probabilistic scene grammar using a factor graph . we also show how to efficiently perform message passing in this factor graph . this leads to a ←
→ hardware - software codesign of accurate , multiplier - free deep neural networks ; while deep neural networks ( dnns ) push the state - of - the - art in many machine learning applications , they often require millions of expensive floating - point operations for each input classification . this computation overhead limits the applicability of dnns to low - power , embedded platforms and incurs high cost in data centers . this motivates recent interests in designing low - power , low - latency dnns based on fixed - point , ternary , ←
→ conditional accelerated lazy stochastic gradient descent ; in this work we introduce a conditional accelerated lazy stochastic gradient descent algorithm with optimal number of calls to a stochastic first - order oracle and convergence rate $ o \ left (\ frac { 1 }{\ varepsilon ^ 2 }\ right )$ improving over the projection - free , online frank - wolfe based stochastic gradient descent of hazan and kale [ 2012 ] with convergence rate $ o \ left (\ frac { 1 }{\ varepsilon ^ 4 }\ right )$.←
→ self - ensembling for visual domain adaptation ; this paper explores the use of self - ensembling for visual domain adaptation problems . our technique is derived from the mean teacher variant ( tarvainen et al ., 2017 ) of temporal ensembling ( laine et al ;, 2017 ), a technique that achieved state of the art results in the area of semi - supervised learning . we introduce a number of modifications to their approach for challenging domain adaptation scenarios and evaluate its effectiveness . our approach achieves state o ←
→ crf - based named entity recognition @ icon 2013 ; this paper describes performance of crf based systems for named entity recognition ( ner ) in indian language as a part of icon 2013 shared task . in this task we have considered a set of language independent features for all the languages . only for english a language specific feature , i . e . capitalization , has been added . next the use of gazetteer is explored for bengali , hindi and english . the gazetteers are built from wikipedia and other sources . test results s ←
→ a novel comprehensive method for real time video motion detection surveillance ; this article describes a comprehensive system for surveillance and monitoring applications . the development of an efficient real time video motion detection system is motivated by their potential for deployment in the areas where security is the main concern . the paper presents a platform for real time video motion detection and subsequent generation of an alarm condition as set by the parameters of the control system . the pr ←
→ leaf classification using shape , color , and texture features ; several methods to identify plants have been proposed by several researchers . commonly , the methods did not capture color information , because color was not recognized as an important aspect to the identification . in this research , shape and vein , color , and texture features were incorporated to classify a leaf . in this case , a neural network called probabilistic neural network ( pnn ) was used as a classifier . the experimental result shows that t ←
→ a new hybrid metric for verifying parallel corpora of arabic - english ; this paper discusses a new metric that has been applied to verify the quality in translation between sentence pairs in parallel corpora of arabic - english . this metric combines two techniques , one based on sentence length and the other based on compression code length . experiments on sample test parallel arabic - english corpora indicate the combination of these two techniques improves accuracy of the identification of satisfactory and unsa ←
→ echo state condition at the critical point ; recurrent networks with transfer functions that fulfill the lipschitz continuity with k = 1 may be echo state networks if certain limitations on the recurrent connectivity are applied . it has been shown that it is sufficient if the largest singular value of the recurrent connectivity is smaller than 1 . the main achievement of this paper is a proof under which conditions the network is an echo state network even if the largest singular value is one . it turns out tha ←
→ a review of " mem - computing np - complete problems in polynomial time using polynomial resources " ( arxiv : 1411 . 4798 ) ; the reviewed paper describes an analog device that empirically solves small instances of the np - complete subset sum problem ( ssp ). the authors claim that this device can solve the ssp in polynomial time using polynomial space , in principle , and observe no exponential scaling in resource requirements . we point out that ( a ) the properties ascribed by the authors to their device are insufficient ←
→ youtube - boundingboxes : a large high - precision human - annotated data set for object detection in video ; we introduce a new large - scale data set of video urls with densely - sampled object bounding box annotations called youtube - boundingboxes ( yt - bb ). the data set consists of approximately 380 , 000 video segments about 19s long , automatically selected to feature objects in natural settings without editing or post - processing , with a recording quality often akin to that of a hand - held cell phone camera . the obje ←
→ neural text generation from structured data with application to the biography domain ; this paper introduces a neural model for concept - to - text generation that scales to large , rich domains . we experiment with a new dataset of biographies from wikipedia that is an order of magnitude larger than existing resources with over 700k samples . the dataset is also vastly more diverse with a 400k vocabulary , compared to a few hundred words for weathergov or robocup . our model builds upon recent work on conditional ←
→ randomized smoothing for stochastic optimization ; we analyze convergence rates of stochastic optimization procedures for non - smooth convex optimization problems . by combining randomized smoothing techniques with accelerated gradient methods , we obtain convergence rates of stochastic optimization procedures , both in expectation and with high probability , that have optimal dependence on the variance of the gradient estimates . to the best of our knowledge , these are the first variance - based rates for non - smoo ←
→ towards building an intelligent anti - malware system : a deep learning approach using support vector machine ( svm ) for malware classification ; effective and efficient mitigation of malware is a long - time endeavor in the information security community . the development of an anti - malware system that can counteract an unknown malware is a prolific activity that may benefit several sectors . we envision an intelligent anti - malware system that utilizes the power of deep learning ( dl ) models . using such models wo ←
→ a fast ellipse detector using projective invariant pruning ; detecting elliptical objects from an image is a central task in robot navigation and industrial diagnosis where the detection time is always a critical issue . existing methods are hardly applicable to these real - time scenarios of limited hardware resource due to the huge number of fragment candidates ( edges or arcs ) for fitting ellipse equations . in this paper , we present a fast algorithm detecting ellipses with high accuracy . the algorithm levera ←
→ multi - task domain adaptation for deep learning of instance grasping from simulation ; learning - based approaches to robotic manipulation are limited by the scalability of data collection and accessibility of labels . in this paper , we present a multi - task domain adaptation framework for instance grasping in cluttered scenes by utilizing simulated robot experiments . our neural network takes monocular rgb images and the instance segmentation mask of a specified target object as inputs , and predicts the probab ←
→ texture retrieval via the scattering transform ; this work studies the problem of content - based image retrieval , specifically , texture retrieval . it focuses on feature extraction and similarity measure for texture images . our approach employs a recently developed method , the so - called scattering transform , for the process of feature extraction in texture retrieval . it shares a distinctive property of providing a robust representation , which is stable with respect to spatial deformations . recent work has dem ←
→ aligning where to see and what to tell : image caption with region - based attention and scene factorization ; recent progress on automatic generation of image captions has shown that it is possible to describe the most salient information conveyed by images with accurate and meaningful sentences . in this paper , we propose an image caption system that exploits the parallel structures between images and sentences . in our model , the process of generating the next word , given the previously generated ones , is a ←
→ faster clustering via non - backtracking random walks ; this paper presents vec - nbt , a variation on the unsupervised graph clustering technique vec , which improves upon the performance of the original algorithm significantly for sparse graphs . vec employs a novel application of the state - of - the - art word2vec model to embed a graph in euclidean space via random walks on the nodes of the graph . in vec - nbt , we modify the original algorithm to use a non - backtracking random walk instead of the normal backtracking r ←
→ scale - based gaussian coverings : combining intra and inter mixture models in image segmentation ; by a " covering " we mean a gaussian mixture model fit to observed data . approximations of the bayes factor can be availed of to judge model fit to the data within a given gaussian mixture model . between families of gaussian mixture models , we propose the r \' enyi quadratic entropy as an excellent and tractable model comparison framework . we exemplify this using the segmentation of an mri image volume , based ( 1 ) ←
→ low permutation - rank matrices : structural properties and noisy completion ; we consider the problem of noisy matrix completion , in which the goal is to reconstruct a structured matrix whose entries are partially observed in noise . standard approaches to this underdetermined inverse problem are based on assuming that the underlying matrix has low rank , or is well - approximated by a low rank matrix . in this paper , we propose a richer model based on what we term the " permutation - rank " of a matrix . we first de ←
→ semantic description of parameters in web service annotations ; a modification of owl - s regarding parameter description is proposed . it is strictly based on description logic . in addition to class description of parameters it also allows the modelling of relations between parameters and the precise description of the size of data to be supplied to a service . in particular , it solves two major issues identified within current proposals for a semantic web service annotation standard .←
→ adaptive shortest - path routing under unknown and stochastically varying link states ; we consider the adaptive shortest - path routing problem in wireless networks under unknown and stochastically varying link states . in this problem , we aim to optimize the quality of communication between a source and a destination through adaptive path selection . due to the randomness and uncertainties in the network dynamics , the quality of each link varies over time according to a stochastic process with unknown distrib ←
→ textzoo , a new benchmark for reconsidering text classification ; text representation is a fundamental concern in natural language processing , especially in text classification . recently , many neural network approaches with delicate representation model ( e . g . fasttext , cnn , rnn and many hybrid models with attention mechanisms ) claimed that they achieved state - of - art in specific text classification datasets . however , it lacks an unified benchmark to compare these models and reveals the advantage of each sub - c ←
→ wavelets and continuous wavelet transform for autostereoscopic multiview images ; recently , the reference functions for the synthesis and analysis of the autostereoscopic multiview and integral images in three - dimensional displays we introduced . in the current paper , we propose the wavelets to analyze such images . the wavelets are built on the reference functions as on the scaling functions of the wavelet analysis . the continuous wavelet transform was successfully applied to the testing wireframe binary o ←
→ ec3 : combining clustering and classification for ensemble learning ; classification and clustering algorithms have been proved to be successful individually in different contexts . both of them have their own advantages and limitations . for instance , although classification algorithms are more powerful than clustering methods in predicting class labels of objects , they do not perform well when there is a lack of sufficient manually labeled reliable data . on the other hand , although clustering algorithms do n ←
→ cortical - inspired image reconstruction via sub - riemannian geometry and hypoelliptic diffusion ; in this paper we review several algorithms for image inpainting based on the hypoelliptic diffusion naturally associated with a mathematical model of the primary visual cortex . in particular , we present one algorithm that does not exploit the information of where the image is corrupted , and others that do it . while the first algorithm is able to reconstruct only images that our visual system is still capable of ←
→ extending unification in $\ mathcal { el }$ to disunification : the case of dismatching and local disunification ; unification in description logics has been introduced as a means to detect redundancies in ontologies . we try to extend the known decidability results for unification in the description logic $\ mathcal { el }$ to disunification since negative constraints can be used to avoid unwanted unifiers . while decidability of the solvability of general $\ mathcal { el }$- disunification problems remains an open prob ←
→ globenet : convolutional neural networks for typhoon eye tracking from remote sensing imagery ; advances in remote sensing technologies have made it possible to use high - resolution visual data for weather observation and forecasting tasks . we propose the use of multi - layer neural networks for understanding complex atmospheric dynamics based on multichannel satellite images . the capability of our model was evaluated by using a linear regression task for single typhoon coordinates prediction . a specific comb ←
→ hierarchical loss for classification ; failing to distinguish between a sheepdog and a skyscraper should be worse and penalized more than failing to distinguish between a sheepdog and a poodle ; after all , sheepdogs and poodles are both breeds of dogs . however , existing metrics of failure ( so - called " loss " or " win ") used in textual or visual classification / recognition via neural networks seldom view a sheepdog as more similar to a poodle than to a skyscraper . we define a metric that , inter alia , can penalize ←
→ radical - enhanced chinese character embedding ; we present a method to leverage radical for learning chinese character embedding . radical is a semantic and phonetic component of chinese character . it plays an important role as characters with the same radical usually have similar semantic meaning and grammatical usage . however , existing chinese processing algorithms typically regard word or character as the basic unit but ignore the crucial radical information . in this paper , we fill this gap by leveraging r ←
→ boosting question answering by deep entity recognition ; in this paper an open - domain factoid question answering system for polish , rafael , is presented . the system goes beyond finding an answering sentence ; it also extracts a single string , corresponding to the required entity . herein the focus is placed on different approaches to entity recognition , essential for retrieving information matching question constraints . apart from traditional approach , including named entity recognition ( ner ) solutions , a nov ←
→ fusionnet : a deep fully residual convolutional neural network for image segmentation in connectomics ; electron microscopic connectomics is an ambitious research direction with the goal of studying comprehensive brain connectivity maps by using high - throughput , nano - scale microscopy . one of the main challenges in connectomics research is developing scalable image analysis algorithms that require minimal user intervention . recently , deep learning has drawn much attention in computer vision because of its e ←
→ analogical - based bayesian optimization ; some real - world problems revolve to solve the optimization problem \ max_ { x \ in \ mathcal { x }} f \ left ( x \ right ) where f \ left (.\ right ) is a black - box function and x might be the set of non - vectorial objects ( e . g ., distributions ) where we can only define a symmetric and non - negative similarity score on it . this setting requires a novel view for the standard framework of bayesian optimization that generalizes the core insightful spirit of this framework . with this spirit , in t ←
→ margins , shrinkage , and boosting ; this manuscript shows that adaboost and its immediate variants can produce approximate maximum margin classifiers simply by scaling step size choices with a fixed small constant . in this way , when the unscaled step size is an optimal choice , these results provide guarantees for friedman ' s empirically successful " shrinkage " procedure for gradient boosting ( friedman , 2000 ). guarantees are also provided for a variety of other step sizes , affirming the intuition that increasin ←
→ deep semantic face deblurring ; in this paper , we present an effective and efficient face deblurring algorithm by exploiting semantic cues via deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). as face images are highly structured and share several key semantic components ( e . g ., eyes and mouths ), the semantic information of a face provides a strong prior for restoration . as such , we propose to incorporate global semantic priors as input and impose local structure losses to regularize the output within a multi - scale ←
→ video event recognition and anomaly detection by combining gaussian process and hierarchical dirichlet process models ; in this paper , we present an unsupervised learning framework for analyzing activities and interactions in surveillance videos . in our framework , three levels of video events are connected by hierarchical dirichlet process ( hdp ) model : low - level visual features , simple atomic activities , and multi - agent interactions . atomic activities are represented as distribution of low - level features ,←
→ online convex optimization in the bandit setting : gradient descent without a gradient ; we consider a the general online convex optimization framework introduced by zinkevich . in this setting , there is a sequence of convex functions . each period , we must choose a signle point ( from some feasible set ) and pay a cost equal to the value of the next function on our chosen point . zinkevich shows that , if the each function is revealed after the choice is made , then one can achieve vanishingly small regret relat ←
→ optimization of tree ensembles ; tree ensemble models such as random forests and boosted trees are among the most widely used and practically successful predictive models in applied machine learning and business analytics . although such models have been used to make predictions based on exogenous , uncontrollable independent variables , they are increasingly being used to make predictions where the independent variables are controllable and are also decision variables . in this paper , we study the problem of t ←
→ trust region policy optimization ; we describe an iterative procedure for optimizing policies , with guaranteed monotonic improvement . by making several approximations to the theoretically - justified procedure , we develop a practical algorithm , called trust region policy optimization ( trpo ). this algorithm is similar to natural policy gradient methods and is effective for optimizing large nonlinear policies such as neural networks . our experiments demonstrate its robust performance on a wide variety of tasks :←
→ firecaffe : near - linear acceleration of deep neural network training on compute clusters ; long training times for high - accuracy deep neural networks ( dnns ) impede research into new dnn architectures and slow the development of high - accuracy dnns . in this paper we present firecaffe , which successfully scales deep neural network training across a cluster of gpus . we also present a number of best practices to aid in comparing advancements in methods for scaling and accelerating the training of deep neural ne ←
→ safe , multi - agent , reinforcement learning for autonomous driving ; autonomous driving is a multi - agent setting where the host vehicle must apply sophisticated negotiation skills with other road users when overtaking , giving way , merging , taking left and right turns and while pushing ahead in unstructured urban roadways . since there are many possible scenarios , manually tackling all possible cases will likely yield a too simplistic policy . moreover , one must balance between unexpected behavior of other drive ←
→ reasoning about bayesian network classifiers ; bayesian network classifiers are used in many fields , and one common class of classifiers are naive bayes classifiers . in this paper , we introduce an approach for reasoning about bayesian network classifiers in which we explicitly convert them into ordered decision diagrams ( odds ), which are then used to reason about the properties of these classifiers . specifically , we present an algorithm for converting any naive bayes classifier into an odd , and we show theo ←
→ parsing using a grammar of word association vectors ; this paper was was first drafted in 2001 as a formalization of the system described in u . s . patent u . s . 7 , 392 , 174 . it describes a system for implementing a parser based on a kind of cross - product over vectors of contextually similar words . it is being published now in response to nascent interest in vector combination models of syntax and semantics . the method used aggressive substitution of contextually similar words and word groups to enable product ve ←
→ classification of segments in polsar imagery by minimum stochastic distances between wishart distributions ; a new classifier for polarimetric sar ( polsar ) images is proposed and assessed in this paper . its input consists of segments , and each one is assigned the class which minimizes a stochastic distance . assuming the complex wishart model , several stochastic distances are obtained from the h - phi family of divergences , and they are employed to derive hypothesis test statistics that are also used in the ←
→ structure and complexity in planning with unary operators ; unary operator domains -- i . e ., domains in which operators have a single effect -- arise naturally in many control problems . in its most general form , the problem of strips planning in unary operator domains is known to be as hard as the general strips planning problem -- both are pspace - complete . however , unary operator domains induce a natural structure , called the domain ' s causal graph . this graph relates between the preconditions and effect of ←
→ projectionnet : learning efficient on - device deep networks using neural projections ; deep neural networks have become ubiquitous for applications related to visual recognition and language understanding tasks . however , it is often prohibitive to use typical neural networks on devices like mobile phones or smart watches since the model sizes are huge and cannot fit in the limited memory available on such devices . while these devices could make use of machine learning models running on high - performance data ←
→ curriculum domain adaptation for semantic segmentation of urban scenes ; during the last half decade , convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have triumphed over semantic segmentation , which is a core task of various emerging industrial applications such as autonomous driving and medical imaging . however , to train cnns requires a huge amount of data , which is difficult to collect and laborious to annotate . recent advances in computer graphics make it possible to train cnn models on photo - realistic synthetic da ←
→ towards a principled representation of discourse plans ; we argue that discourse plans must capture the intended causal and decompositional relations between communicative actions . we present a planning algorithm , dpocl , that builds plan structures that properly capture these relations , and show how these structures are used to solve the problems that plagued previous discourse planners , and allow a system to participate effectively and flexibly in an ongoing dialogue .←
→ efficient clustering on riemannian manifolds : a kernelised random projection approach ; reformulating computer vision problems over riemannian manifolds has demonstrated superior performance in various computer vision applications . this is because visual data often forms a special structure lying on a lower dimensional space embedded in a higher dimensional space . however , since these manifolds belong to non - euclidean topological spaces , exploiting their structures is computationally expensive , especially ←
→ dynamic clustering algorithms via small - variance analysis of markov chain mixture models ; bayesian nonparametrics are a class of probabilistic models in which the model size is inferred from data . a recently developed methodology in this field is small - variance asymptotic analysis , a mathematical technique for deriving learning algorithms that capture much of the flexibility of bayesian nonparametric inference algorithms , but are simpler to implement and less computationally expensive . past work on small ←
→ generalization bounds for metric and similarity learning ; recently , metric learning and similarity learning have attracted a large amount of interest . many models and optimisation algorithms have been proposed . however , there is relatively little work on the generalization analysis of such methods . in this paper , we derive novel generalization bounds of metric and similarity learning . in particular , we first show that the generalization analysis reduces to the estimation of the rademacher average over " sum ←
→ large scale variational inference and experimental design for sparse generalized linear models ; many problems of low - level computer vision and image processing , such as denoising , deconvolution , tomographic reconstruction or super - resolution , can be addressed by maximizing the posterior distribution of a sparse linear model ( slm ). we show how higher - order bayesian decision - making problems , such as optimizing image acquisition in magnetic resonance scanners , can be addressed by querying the slm posterior ←
→ image captioning with object detection and localization ; automatically generating a natural language description of an image is a task close to the heart of image understanding . in this paper , we present a multi - model neural network method closely related to the human visual system that automatically learns to describe the content of images . our model consists of two sub - models : an object detection and localization model , which extract the information of objects and their spatial relationship in images res ←
→ repeated inverse reinforcement learning ; we introduce a novel repeated inverse reinforcement learning problem : the agent has to act on behalf of a human in a sequence of tasks and wishes to minimize the number of tasks that it surprises the human by acting suboptimally with respect to how the human would have acted . each time the human is surprised , the agent is provided a demonstration of the desired behavior by the human . we formalize this problem , including how the sequence of tasks is chosen , in a few ←
→ condensed memory networks for clinical diagnostic inferencing ; diagnosis of a clinical condition is a challenging task , which often requires significant medical investigation . previous work related to diagnostic inferencing problems mostly consider multivariate observational data ( e . g . physiological signals , lab tests etc .). in contrast , we explore the problem using free - text medical notes recorded in an electronic health record ( ehr ). complex tasks like these can benefit from structured knowledge bases , b ←
→ expert pc troubleshooter with fuzzy - logic and self - learning support ; expert systems use human knowledge often stored as rules within the computer to solve problems that generally would entail human intelligence . today , with information systems turning out to be more pervasive and with the myriad advances in information technologies , automating computer fault diagnosis is becoming so fundamental that soon every enterprise has to endorse it . this paper proposes an expert system called expert pc troubleshoote ←
→ dictionary learning over distributed models ; in this paper , we consider learning dictionary models over a network of agents , where each agent is only in charge of a portion of the dictionary elements . this formulation is relevant in big data scenarios where large dictionary models may be spread over different spatial locations and it is not feasible to aggregate all dictionaries in one location due to communication and privacy considerations . we first show that the dual function of the inference problem is ←
→ from a modified ambrosio - tortorelli to a randomized part hierarchy tree ; we demonstrate the possibility of coding parts , features that are higher level than boundaries , using a modified at field after augmenting the interaction term of the at energy with a non - local term and weakening the separation into boundary / not - boundary phases . the iteratively extracted parts using the level curves with double point singularities are organized as a proper binary tree . inconsistencies due to non - generic configurations ←
→ making decisions with belief functions ; a primary motivation for reasoning under uncertainty is to derive decisions in the face of inconclusive evidence . however , shafer ' s theory of belief functions , which explicitly represents the underconstrained nature of many reasoning problems , lacks a formal procedure for making decisions . clearly , when sufficient information is not available , no theory can prescribe actions without making additional assumptions . faced with this situation , some assumption must be mad ←
→ toward a better understanding of leaderboard ; the leaderboard in machine learning competitions is a tool to show the performance of various participants and to compare them . however , the leaderboard quickly becomes no longer accurate , due to hack or overfitting . this article gives two pieces of advice to prevent easy hack or overfitting . by following these advice , we reach the conclusion that something like the ladder leaderboard introduced in [ blum2015ladder ] is inevitable . with this understanding , we nat ←
→ step size adaptation in first - order method for stochastic strongly convex programming ; we propose a first - order method for stochastic strongly convex optimization that attains $ o ( 1 / n )$ rate of convergence , analysis show that the proposed method is simple , easily to implement , and in worst case , asymptotically four times faster than its peers . we derive this method from several intuitive observations that are generalized from existing first order optimization methods .←
→ learning cross - modal deep representations for robust pedestrian detection ; this paper presents a novel method for detecting pedestrians under adverse illumination conditions . our approach relies on a novel cross - modality learning framework and it is based on two main phases . first , given a multimodal dataset , a deep convolutional network is employed to learn a non - linear mapping , modeling the relations between rgb and thermal data . then , the learned feature representations are transferred to a second dee ←
→ downscaling microwave brightness temperatures using self regularized regressive models ; a novel algorithm is proposed to downscale microwave brightness temperatures ($\ mathrm { t_b }$), at scales of 10 - 40 km such as those from the soil moisture active passive mission to a resolution meaningful for hydrological and agricultural applications . this algorithm , called self - regularized regressive models ( srrm ), uses auxiliary variables correlated to $\ mathrm { t_b }$ along - with a limited set of \ textit { in - situ } sm o ←
→ flagit : a system for minimally supervised human trafficking indicator mining ; in this paper , we describe and study the indicator mining problem in the online sex advertising domain . we present an in - development system , flagit ( flexible and adaptive generation of indicators from text ), which combines the benefits of both a lightweight expert system and classical semi - supervision ( heuristic re - labeling ) with recently released state - of - the - art unsupervised text embeddings to tag millions of sentences with i ←
→ manuscripts in time and space : experiments in scriptometrics on an old french corpus ; witnesses of medieval literary texts , preserved in manuscript , are layered objects , being almost exclusively copies of copies . this results in multiple and hard to distinguish linguistic strata -- the author ' s scripta interacting with the scriptae of the various scribes -- in a context where literary written language is already a dialectal hybrid . moreover , no single linguistic phenomenon allows to distinguish between ←
→ k2 - means for fast and accurate large scale clustering ; we propose k ^ 2 - means , a new clustering method which efficiently copes with large numbers of clusters and achieves low energy solutions . k ^ 2 - means builds upon the standard k - means ( lloyd ' s algorithm ) and combines a new strategy to accelerate the convergence with a new low time complexity divisive initialization . the accelerated convergence is achieved through only looking at k_n nearest clusters and using triangle inequality bounds in the assignment ste ←
→ estimating cosmological parameters from the dark matter distribution ; a grand challenge of the 21st century cosmology is to accurately estimate the cosmological parameters of our universe . a major approach to estimating the cosmological parameters is to use the large - scale matter distribution of the universe . galaxy surveys provide the means to map out cosmic large - scale structure in three dimensions . information about galaxy locations is typically summarized in a " single " function of scale , such as the ga ←
→ auxiliary guided autoregressive variational autoencoders ; generative modeling of high - dimensional data is a key problem in machine learning . successful approaches include latent variable models and autoregressive models . the complementary strengths of these approaches , to model global and local image statistics respectively , suggest hybrid models combining the strengths of both models . our contribution is to train such hybrid models using an auxiliary loss function that controls which information is captur ←
→ east : an efficient and accurate scene text detector ; previous approaches for scene text detection have already achieved promising performances across various benchmarks . however , they usually fall short when dealing with challenging scenarios , even when equipped with deep neural network models , because the overall performance is determined by the interplay of multiple stages and components in the pipelines . in this work , we propose a simple yet powerful pipeline that yields fast and accurate text detection ←
→ incorporating type ii error probabilities from independence tests into score - based learning of bayesian network structure ; we give a new consistent scoring function for structure learning of bayesian networks . in contrast to traditional approaches to score - based structure learning , such as bdeu or mdl , the complexity penalty that we propose is data - dependent and is given by the probability that a conditional independence test correctly shows that an edge cannot exist . what really distinguishes this new s ←
→ a sentiment analysis of singapore presidential election 2011 using twitter data with census correction ; sentiment analysis is a new area in text analytics where it focuses on the analysis and understanding of the emotions from the text patterns . this new form of analysis has been widely adopted in customer relation management especially in the context of complaint management . with increasing level of interest in this technology , more and more companies are adopting it and using it to champion their marke ←
→ enabling my robot to play pictionary : recurrent neural networks for sketch recognition ; freehand sketching is an inherently sequential process . yet , most approaches for hand - drawn sketch recognition either ignore this sequential aspect or exploit it in an ad - hoc manner . in our work , we propose a recurrent neural network architecture for sketch object recognition which exploits the long - term sequential and structural regularities in stroke data in a scalable manner . specifically , we introduce a gated rec ←
→ variational inference with normalizing flows ; the choice of approximate posterior distribution is one of the core problems in variational inference . most applications of variational inference employ simple families of posterior approximations in order to allow for efficient inference , focusing on mean - field or other simple structured approximations . this restriction has a significant impact on the quality of inferences made using variational methods . we introduce a new approach for specifying flexible , arb ←
→ event - object reasoning with curated knowledge bases : deriving missing information ; the broader goal of our research is to formulate answers to why and how questions with respect to knowledge bases , such as aura . one issue we face when reasoning with many available knowledge bases is that at times needed information is missing . examples of this include partially missing information about next sub - event , first sub - event , last sub - event , result of an event , input to an event , destination of an event , and ra ←
→ robust kernelized multi - view self - representations for clustering by tensor multi - rank minimization ; most recently , tensor - svd is implemented on multi - view self - representation clustering and has achieved the promising results in many real - world applications such as face clustering , scene clustering and generic object clustering . however , tensor - svd based multi - view self - representation clustering is proposed originally to solve the clustering problem in the multiple linear subspaces , leading to unsatisfact ←
→ experiment study of entropy convergence of ant colony optimization ; ant colony optimization ( aco ) has been applied to the field of combinatorial optimization widely . but the study of convergence theory of aco is rare under general condition . in this paper , the authors try to find the evidence to prove that entropy is related to the convergence of aco , especially to the estimation of the minimum iteration number of convergence . entropy is a new view point possibly to studying the aco convergence under gener ←
→ discovering conversational dependencies between messages in dialogs ; we investigate the task of inferring conversational dependencies between messages in one - on - one online chat , which has become one of the most popular forms of customer service . we propose a novel probabilistic classifier that leverages conversational , lexical and semantic information . the approach is evaluated empirically on a set of customer service chat logs from a chinese e - commerce website . it outperforms heuristic baselines .←
→ a transformational characterization of markov equivalence for directed acyclic graphs with latent variables ; different directed acyclic graphs ( dags ) may be markov equivalent in the sense that they entail the same conditional independence relations among the observed variables . chickering ( 1995 ) provided a transformational characterization of markov equivalence for dags ( with no latent variables ), which is useful in deriving properties shared by markov equivalent dags , and , with certain generalization , i ←
→ guidelines for a dynamic ontology - integrating tools of evolution and versioning in ontology ; ontologies are built on systems that conceptually evolve over time . in addition , techniques and languages for building ontologies evolve too . this has led to numerous studies in the field of ontology versioning and ontology evolution . this paper presents a new way to manage the lifecycle of an ontology incorporating both versioning tools and evolution process . this solution , called versiongraph , is integrated i ←
→ on seeking consensus between document similarity measures ; this paper investigates the application of consensus clustering and meta - clustering to the set of all possible partitions of a data set . we show that when using a " complement " of rand index as a measure of cluster similarity , the total - separation partition , putting each element in a separate set , is chosen .←
→ unsupervised learning of disentangled and interpretable representations from sequential data ; we present a factorized hierarchical variational autoencoder , which learns disentangled and interpretable representations from sequential data without supervision . specifically , we exploit the multi - scale nature of information in sequential data by formulating it explicitly within a factorized hierarchical graphical model that imposes sequence - dependent priors and sequence - independent priors to different sets of ←
→ classification of human whole - body motion using hidden markov models ; human motion plays an important role in many fields . large databases exist that store and make available recordings of human motions . however , annotating each motion with multiple labels is a cumbersome and error - prone process . this bachelor ' s thesis presents different approaches to solve the multi - label classification problem using hidden markov models ( hmms ). first , different features that can be directly obtained from the raw data are ←
→ automatic firewall rules generator for anomaly detection systems with apriori algorithm ; network intrusion detection systems have become a crucial issue for computer systems security infrastructures . different methods and algorithms are developed and proposed in recent years to improve intrusion detection systems . the most important issue in current systems is that they are poor at detecting novel anomaly attacks . these kinds of attacks refer to any action that significantly deviates from the normal beha ←
→ signature recognition using multi scale fourier descriptor and wavelet transform ; this paper present a novel off - line signature recognition method based on multi scale fourier descriptor and wavelet transform . the main steps of constructing a signature recognition system are discussed and experiments on real data sets show that the average error rate can reach 1 %. finally we compare 8 distance measures between feature vectors with respect to the recognition performance . key words : signature recognitio ←
→ a hitchhiker ' s guide to search - based software engineering for software product lines ; search based software engineering ( sbse ) is an emerging discipline that focuses on the application of search - based optimization techniques to software engineering problems . the capacity of sbse techniques to tackle problems involving large search spaces make their application attractive for software product lines ( spls ). in recent years , several publications have appeared that apply sbse techniques to spl problems . in t ←
→ knn ensembles for tweedie regression : the power of multiscale neighborhoods ; very few k - nearest - neighbor ( knn ) ensembles exist , despite the efficacy of this approach in regression , classification , and outlier detection . those that do exist focus on bagging features , rather than varying k or bagging observations ; it is unknown whether varying k or bagging observations can improve prediction . given recent studies from topological data analysis , varying k may function like multiscale topological methods , pr ←
→ beamforming through regularized inverse problems in ultrasound medical imaging ; beamforming in ultrasound imaging has significant impact on the quality of the final image , controlling its resolution and contrast . despite its low spatial resolution and contrast , delay - and - sum is still extensively used nowadays in clinical applications , due to its real - time capabilities . the most common alternatives are minimum variance method and its variants , which overcome the drawbacks of delay - and - sum , at the cost of ←
→ a novel two - stage dynamic decision support based optimal threat evaluation and defensive resource scheduling algorithm for multi air - borne threats ; this paper presents a novel two - stage flexible dynamic decision support based optimal threat evaluation and defensive resource scheduling algorithm for multi - target air - borne threats . the algorithm provides flexibility and optimality by swapping between two objective functions , i . e . the preferential and subtractive defense strategies as and when required . t ←
→ fast rates for online learning in linearly solvable markov decision processes ; we study the problem of online learning in a class of markov decision processes known as linearly solvable mdps . in the stationary version of this problem , a learner interacts with its environment by directly controlling the state transitions , attempting to balance a fixed state - dependent cost and a certain smooth cost penalizing extreme control inputs . in the current paper , we consider an online setting where the state costs ←
→ scalable full flow with learned binary descriptors ; we propose a method for large displacement optical flow in which local matching costs are learned by a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) and a smoothness prior is imposed by a conditional random field ( crf ). we tackle the computation - and memory - intensive operations on the 4d cost volume by a min - projection which reduces memory complexity from quadratic to linear and binary descriptors for efficient matching . this enables evaluation of the cost on the fl ←
→ towards bidirectional hierarchical representations for attention - based neural machine translation ; this paper proposes a hierarchical attentional neural translation model which focuses on enhancing source - side hierarchical representations by covering both local and global semantic information using a bidirectional tree - based encoder . to maximize the predictive likelihood of target words , a weighted variant of an attention mechanism is used to balance the attentive information between lexical and phrase v ←
→ disco --- an hpsg - based nlp system and its application for appointment scheduling ( project note ) ; the natural language system disco is described . it combines o a powerful and flexible grammar development system ; o linguistic competence for german including morphology , syntax and semantics ; o new methods for linguistic performance modelling on the basis of high - level competence grammars ; o new methods for modelling multi - agent dialogue competence ; o an interesting sample application for appointment scheduli ←
→ alpha - divergences in variational dropout ; we investigate the use of alternative divergences to kullback - leibler ( kl ) in variational inference ( vi ), based on the variational dropout \ cite { kingma2015 }. stochastic gradient variational bayes ( sgvb ) \ cite { aevb } is a general framework for estimating the evidence lower bound ( elbo ) in variational bayes . in this work , we extend the sgvb estimator with using alpha - divergences , which are alternative to divergences to vi ' kl objective . the gaussian dropout can be seen ←
→ provably optimal algorithms for generalized linear contextual bandits ; contextual bandits are widely used in internet services from news recommendation to advertising , and to web search . generalized linear models ( logistical regression in particular ) have demonstrated stronger performance than linear models in many applications where rewards are binary . however , most theoretical analyses on contextual bandits so far are on linear bandits . in this work , we propose an upper confidence bound based algorithm f ←
→ a weighted common subgraph matching algorithm ; we propose a weighted common subgraph ( wcs ) matching algorithm to find the most similar subgraphs in two labeled weighted graphs . wcs matching , as a natural generalization of the equal - sized graph matching or subgraph matching , finds wide applications in many computer vision and machine learning tasks . in this paper , the wcs matching is first formulated as a combinatorial optimization problem over the set of partial permutation matrices . then it is approximate ←
→ exact inference of hidden structure from sample data in noisy - or networks ; in the literature on graphical models , there has been increased attention paid to the problems of learning hidden structure ( see heckerman [ h96 ] for survey ) and causal mechanisms from sample data [ h96 , p88 , s93 , p95 , f98 ]. in most settings we should expect the former to be difficult , and the latter potentially impossible without experimental intervention . in this work , we examine some restricted settings in which perfectly reconst ←
→ representing first - order causal theories by logic programs ; nonmonotonic causal logic , introduced by norman mccain and hudson turner , became a basis for the semantics of several expressive action languages . mccain ' s embedding of definite propositional causal theories into logic programming paved the way to the use of answer set solvers for answering queries about actions described in such languages . in this paper we extend this embedding to nondefinite theories and to first - order causal logic .←
→ artificial neural networks and support vector machines for water demand time series forecasting ; water plays a pivotal role in many physical processes , and most importantly in sustaining human life , animal life and plant life . water supply entities therefore have the responsibility to supply clean and safe water at the rate required by the consumer . it is therefore necessary to implement mechanisms and systems that can be employed to predict both short - term and long - term water demands . the increasingly g ←
→ why does deep learning work ? - a perspective from group theory ; why does deep learning work ? what representations does it capture ? how do higher - order representations emerge ? we study these questions from the perspective of group theory , thereby opening a new approach towards a theory of deep learning . one factor behind the recent resurgence of the subject is a key algorithmic step called pre - training : first search for a good generative model for the input samples , and repeat the process one layer at a t ←
→ underwater optical image processing : a comprehensive review ; underwater cameras are widely used to observe the sea floor . they are usually included in autonomous underwater vehicles , unmanned underwater vehicles , and in situ ocean sensor networks . despite being an important sensor for monitoring underwater scenes , there exist many issues with recent underwater camera sensors . because of lights transportation characteristics in water and the biological activity at the sea floor , the acquired underwater imag ←
→ fast solutions to projective monotone linear complementarity problems ; we present a new interior - point potential - reduction algorithm for solving monotone linear complementarity problems ( lcps ) that have a particular special structure : their matrix $ m \ in {\ mathbb r }^{ n \ times n }$ can be decomposed as $ m =\ phi u + \ pi_0 $, where the rank of $\ phi $ is $ k < n $, and $\ pi_0 $ denotes euclidean projection onto the nullspace of $\ phi ^\ top $. we call such lcps projective . our algorithm solves a monotone projective lcp to r ←
→ a deep learning perspective on the origin of facial expressions ; facial expressions play a significant role in human communication and behavior . psychologists have long studied the relationship between facial expressions and emotions . paul ekman et al ., devised the facial action coding system ( facs ) to taxonomize human facial expressions and model their behavior . the ability to recognize facial expressions automatically , enables novel applications in fields like human - computer interaction , social gaming , a ←
→ conditional image synthesis with auxiliary classifier gans ; synthesizing high resolution photorealistic images has been a long - standing challenge in machine learning . in this paper we introduce new methods for the improved training of generative adversarial networks ( gans ) for image synthesis . we construct a variant of gans employing label conditioning that results in 128x128 resolution image samples exhibiting global coherence . we expand on previous work for image quality assessment to provide two new ana ←
→ distributed statistical machine learning in adversarial settings : byzantine gradient descent ; we consider the problem of distributed statistical machine learning in adversarial settings , where some unknown and time - varying subset of working machines may be compromised and behave arbitrarily to prevent an accurate model from being learned . this setting captures the potential adversarial attacks faced by federated learning -- a modern machine learning paradigm that is proposed by google researchers and has ←
→ summary of a new normative theory of probabilistic logic ; by probabilistic logic i mean a normative theory of belief that explains how a body of evidence affects one ' s degree of belief in a possible hypothesis . a new axiomatization of such a theory is presented which avoids a finite additivity axiom , yet which retains many useful inference rules . many of the examples of this theory -- its models do not use numerical probabilities . put another way , this article gives sharper answers to the two questions : 1 . wh ←
→ novel framework for spectral clustering using topological node features ( tnf ) ; spectral clustering has gained importance in recent years due to its ability to cluster complex data as it requires only pairwise similarity among data points with its ease of implementation . the central point in spectral clustering is the process of capturing pair - wise similarity . in the literature , many research techniques have been proposed for effective construction of affinity matrix with suitable pair - wise similarity . in ←
→ conflict - based force aggregation ; in this paper we present an application where we put together two methods for clustering and classification into a force aggregation method . both methods are based on conflicts between elements . these methods work with different type of elements ( intelligence reports , vehicles , military units ) on different hierarchical levels using specific conflict assessment methods on each level . we use dempster - shafer theory for conflict calculation between elements , dempster - shafer cl ←
→ thresholding classifiers to maximize f1 score ; this paper provides new insight into maximizing f1 scores in the context of binary classification and also in the context of multilabel classification . the harmonic mean of precision and recall , f1 score is widely used to measure the success of a binary classifier when one class is rare . micro average , macro average , and per instance average f1 scores are used in multilabel classification . for any classifier that produces a real - valued output , we derive the re ←
→ cnn - aware binary map for general semantic segmentation ; in this paper we introduce a novel method for general semantic segmentation that can benefit from general semantics of convolutional neural network ( cnn ). our segmentation proposes visually and semantically coherent image segments . we use binary encoding of cnn features to overcome the difficulty of the clustering on the high - dimensional cnn feature space . these binary codes are very robust against noise and non - semantic changes in the image . these bi ←
→ defeating image obfuscation with deep learning ; we demonstrate that modern image recognition methods based on artificial neural networks can recover hidden information from images protected by various forms of obfuscation . the obfuscation techniques considered in this paper are mosaicing ( also known as pixelation ), blurring ( as used by youtube ), and p3 , a recently proposed system for privacy - preserving photo sharing that encrypts the significant jpeg coefficients to make images unrecognizable by humans . we ←
→ parsing occluded people by flexible compositions ; this paper presents an approach to parsing humans when there is significant occlusion . we model humans using a graphical model which has a tree structure building on recent work [ 32 , 6 ] and exploit the connectivity prior that , even in presence of occlusion , the visible nodes form a connected subtree of the graphical model . we call each connected subtree a flexible composition of object parts . this involves a novel method for learning occlusion cues . during ←
→ solving the goddard problem by an influence diagram ; influence diagrams are a decision - theoretic extension of probabilistic graphical models . in this paper we show how they can be used to solve the goddard problem . we present results of numerical experiments with this problem and compare the solutions provided by influence diagrams with the optimal solution .←
→ deep depth inference using binocular and monocular cues ; human visual system relies on both binocular stereo cues and monocular focusness cues to gain effective 3d perception . in computer vision , the two problems are traditionally solved in separate tracks . in this paper , we present a unified learning - based technique that simultaneously uses both types of cues for depth inference . specifically , we use a pair of focal stacks as input to emulate human perception . we first construct a comprehensive focal stac ←
→ an anthological review of research utilizing montylingua , a python - based end - to - end text processor ; montylingua , an integral part of conceptnet which is currently the largest commonsense knowledge base , is an english text processor developed using python programming language in mit media lab . the main feature of montylingua is the coverage for all aspects of english text processing from raw input text to semantic meanings and summary generation , yet each component in montylingua is loosely - coupled to eac ←
→ theoretically - grounded policy advice from multiple teachers in reinforcement learning settings with applications to negative transfer ; policy advice is a transfer learning method where a student agent is able to learn faster via advice from a teacher . however , both this and other reinforcement learning transfer methods have little theoretical analysis . this paper formally defines a setting where multiple teacher agents can provide advice to a student and introduces an algorithm to leverage both autonomou ←
→ dagger : a sequential algorithm for fdr control on dags ; we propose a top - down algorithm for multiple testing on directed acyclic graphs ( dags ), where nodes represent hypotheses and edges specify a partial ordering in which hypotheses must be tested . the procedure is guaranteed to reject a sub - dag with bounded false discovery rate ( fdr ) while satisfying the logical constraint that a rejected node ' s parents must also be rejected . it is designed for sequential testing settings , when the dag structure is known ←
→ sparse adversarial perturbations for videos ; although adversarial samples of deep neural networks ( dnns ) have been intensively studied on static images , their extensions in videos are never explored . compared with images , attacking a video needs to consider not only spatial cues but also temporal cues . moreover , to improve the imperceptibility as well as reduce the computation cost , perturbations should be added on as fewer frames as possible , i . e ., adversarial perturbations are temporally sparse . this fur ←
→ automatic representation for lifetime value recommender systems ; many modern commercial sites employ recommender systems to propose relevant content to users . while most systems are focused on maximizing the immediate gain ( clicks , purchases or ratings ), a better notion of success would be the lifetime value ( ltv ) of the user - system interaction . the ltv approach considers the future implications of the item recommendation , and seeks to maximize the cumulative gain over time . the reinforcement learning ( rl )←
→ parameterized complexity results for exact bayesian network structure learning ; bayesian network structure learning is the notoriously difficult problem of discovering a bayesian network that optimally represents a given set of training data . in this paper we study the computational worst - case complexity of exact bayesian network structure learning under graph theoretic restrictions on the ( directed ) super - structure . the super - structure is an undirected graph that contains as subgraphs the skeletons of s ←
→ stochastic variance - reduced hamilton monte carlo methods ; we propose a fast stochastic hamilton monte carlo ( hmc ) method , for sampling from a smooth and strongly log - concave distribution . at the core of our proposed method is a variance reduction technique inspired by the recent advance in stochastic optimization . we show that , to achieve $\ epsilon $ accuracy in 2 - wasserstein distance , our algorithm achieves $\ tilde o \ big ( n +\ kappa ^{ 2 } d ^{ 1 / 2 }/\ epsilon +\ kappa ^{ 4 / 3 } d ^{ 1 / 3 } n ^{ 2 / 3 }/\ epsilon ^{ 2 / 3 }\ big )$ gradient ←
→ recurrent neural networks for spatiotemporal dynamics of intrinsic networks from fmri data ; functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) of temporally - coherent blood oxygenization level - dependent ( bold ) signal provides an effective means of analyzing functionally coherent patterns in the brain . intrinsic networks and functional connectivity are important outcomes of fmri studies and are central to understanding brain function and making diagnoses . the most popular method for separating ins , independent c ←
→ optical flow estimation using a spatial pyramid network ; we learn to compute optical flow by combining a classical spatial - pyramid formulation with deep learning . this estimates large motions in a coarse - to - fine approach by warping one image of a pair at each pyramid level by the current flow estimate and computing an update to the flow . instead of the standard minimization of an objective function at each pyramid level , we train one deep network per level to compute the flow update . unlike the recent flow ←
→ balancing suspense and surprise : timely decision making with endogenous information acquisition ; we develop a bayesian model for decision - making under time pressure with endogenous information acquisition . in our model , the decision maker decides when to observe ( costly ) information by sampling an underlying continuous - time stochastic process ( time series ) that conveys information about the potential occurrence or non - occurrence of an adverse event which will terminate the decision - making process . in her ←
→ a dual encoder sequence to sequence model for open - domain dialogue modeling ; ever since the successful application of sequence to sequence learning for neural machine translation systems , interest has surged in its applicability towards language generation in other problem domains . recent work has investigated the use of these neural architectures towards modeling open - domain conversational dialogue , where it has been found that although these models are capable of learning a good distributional language ←
→ gaussian process classification with privileged information by soft - to - hard labeling transfer ; learning using privileged information is an attractive problem setting that helps many learning scenarios in the real world . a state - of - the - art method of gaussian process classification ( gpc ) with privileged information is gpc +, which incorporates privileged information into a noise term of the likelihood . a drawback of gpc + is that it requires numerical quadrature to calculate the posterior distribution of the ←
→ laplacian eigenmaps from sparse , noisy similarity measurements ; manifold learning and dimensionality reduction techniques are ubiquitous in science and engineering , but can be computationally expensive procedures when applied to large data sets or when similarities are expensive to compute . to date , little work has been done to investigate the tradeoff between computational resources and the quality of learned representations . we present both theoretical and experimental explorations of this question . in p ←
→ on the definition of a confounder ; the causal inference literature has provided a clear formal definition of confounding expressed in terms of counterfactual independence . the literature has not , however , come to any consensus on a formal definition of a confounder , as it has given priority to the concept of confounding over that of a confounder . we consider a number of candidate definitions arising from various more informal statements made in the literature . we consider the properties satisfied by each c ←
→ sensitivity maps of the hilbert - schmidt independence criterion ; kernel dependence measures yield accurate estimates of nonlinear relations between random variables , and they are also endorsed with solid theoretical properties and convergence rates . besides , the empirical estimates are easy to compute in closed form just involving linear algebra operations . however , they are hampered by two important problems : the high computational cost involved , as two kernel matrices of the sample size have to be compute ←
→ simultaneous facial landmark detection , pose and deformation estimation under facial occlusion ; facial landmark detection , head pose estimation , and facial deformation analysis are typical facial behavior analysis tasks in computer vision . the existing methods usually perform each task independently and sequentially , ignoring their interactions . to tackle this problem , we propose a unified framework for simultaneous facial landmark detection , head pose estimation , and facial deformation analysis , and the ←
→ deep representation learning for human motion prediction and classification ; generative models of 3d human motion are often restricted to a small number of activities and can therefore not generalize well to novel movements or applications . in this work we propose a deep learning framework for human motion capture data that learns a generic representation from a large corpus of motion capture data and generalizes well to new , unseen , motions . using an encoding - decoding network that learns to predict futu ←
→ nonparametric reduced rank regression ; we propose an approach to multivariate nonparametric regression that generalizes reduced rank regression for linear models . an additive model is estimated for each dimension of a $ q $- dimensional response , with a shared $ p $- dimensional predictor variable . to control the complexity of the model , we employ a functional form of the ky - fan or nuclear norm , resulting in a set of function estimates that have low rank . backfitting algorithms are derived and justified using a ←
→ deep double sparsity encoder : learning to sparsify not only features but also parameters ; this paper emphasizes the significance to jointly exploit the problem structure and the parameter structure , in the context of deep modeling . as a specific and interesting example , we describe the deep double sparsity encoder ( ddse ), which is inspired by the double sparsity model for dictionary learning . ddse simultaneously sparsities the output features and the learned model parameters , under one unified framework .←
→ simulated car racing championship : competition software manual ; this manual describes the competition software for the simulated car racing championship , an international competition held at major conferences in the field of evolutionary computation and in the field of computational intelligence and games . it provides an overview of the architecture , the instructions to install the software and to run the simple drivers provided in the package , the description of the sensors and the actuators .←
→ visual graph mining ; in this study , we formulate the concept of " mining maximal - size frequent subgraphs " in the challenging domain of visual data ( images and videos ). in general , visual knowledge can usually be modeled as attributed relational graphs ( args ) with local attributes representing local parts and pairwise attributes describing the spatial relationship between parts . thus , from a practical perspective , such mining of maximal - size subgraphs can be regarded as a general platform for discovering and ←
→ unsupervised learning for lexicon - based classification ; in lexicon - based classification , documents are assigned labels by comparing the number of words that appear from two opposed lexicons , such as positive and negative sentiment . creating such words lists is often easier than labeling instances , and they can be debugged by non - experts if classification performance is unsatisfactory . however , there is little analysis or justification of this classification heuristic . this paper describes a set of assumpti ←
→ tanker : distributed architecture for named entity recognition and disambiguation ; named entity recognition and disambiguation ( nerd ) systems have recently been widely researched to deal with the significant growth of the web . nerd systems are crucial for several natural language processing ( nlp ) tasks such as summarization , understanding , and machine translation . however , there is no standard interface specification , i . e . these systems may vary significantly either for exporting their outputs or for proc ←
→ combining representation learning with logic for language processing ; the current state - of - the - art in many natural language processing and automated knowledge base completion tasks is held by representation learning methods which learn distributed vector representations of symbols via gradient - based optimization . they require little or no hand - crafted features , thus avoiding the need for most preprocessing steps and task - specific assumptions . however , in many cases representation learning requires a large ←
→ the quantum nature of identity in human thought : bose - einstein statistics for conceptual indistinguishability ; increasing experimental evidence shows that humans combine concepts in a way that violates the rules of classical logic and probability theory . on the other hand , mathematical models inspired by the formalism of quantum theory are in accordance with data on concepts and their combinations . in this paper , we investigate a novel type of concept combination were a number is combined with a noun , e .←
→ efficient and practical stochastic subgradient descent for nuclear norm regularization ; we describe novel subgradient methods for a broad class of matrix optimization problems involving nuclear norm regularization . unlike existing approaches , our method executes very cheap iterations by combining low - rank stochastic subgradients with efficient incremental svd updates , made possible by highly optimized and parallelizable dense linear algebra operations on small matrices . our practical algorithms always ma ←
→ bayesian online changepoint detection ; changepoints are abrupt variations in the generative parameters of a data sequence . online detection of changepoints is useful in modelling and prediction of time series in application areas such as finance , biometrics , and robotics . while frequentist methods have yielded online filtering and prediction techniques , most bayesian papers have focused on the retrospective segmentation problem . here we examine the case where the model parameters before and after the chang ←
→ learning social affordance for human - robot interaction ; in this paper , we present an approach for robot learning of social affordance from human activity videos . we consider the problem in the context of human - robot interaction : our approach learns structural representations of human - human ( and human - object - human ) interactions , describing how body - parts of each agent move with respect to each other and what spatial relations they should maintain to complete each sub - event ( i . e ., sub - goal ). this enables the ←
→ object detection can be improved using human - derived contextual expectations ; each object in the world occurs in a specific context : cars are seen on highways but not in forests . contextual information is generally thought to facilitate computation by constraining locations to search . but can knowing context yield tangible benefits in object detection ? for it to do so , scene context needs to be learned independently from target features . however this is impossible in traditional object detection where cl ←
→ multi - task additive models with shared transfer functions based on dictionary learning ; additive models form a widely popular class of regression models which represent the relation between covariates and response variables as the sum of low - dimensional transfer functions . besides flexibility and accuracy , a key benefit of these models is their interpretability : the transfer functions provide visual means for inspecting the models and identifying domain - specific relations between inputs and outputs . howe ←
→ sparse transfer learning for interactive video search reranking ; visual reranking is effective to improve the performance of the text - based video search . however , existing reranking algorithms can only achieve limited improvement because of the well - known semantic gap between low level visual features and high level semantic concepts . in this paper , we adopt interactive video search reranking to bridge the semantic gap by introducing user ' s labeling effort . we propose a novel dimension reduction tool , term ←
→ generating visual representations for zero - shot classification ; this paper addresses the task of learning an image clas - sifier when some categories are defined by semantic descriptions only ( e . g . visual attributes ) while the others are defined by exemplar images as well . this task is often referred to as the zero - shot classification task ( zsc ). most of the previous methods rely on learning a common embedding space allowing to compare visual features of unknown categories with semantic descriptions . this pa ←
→ a new way to factorize linear cameras ; the implementation details of factorizing the 3x4 projection matrices of linear cameras into their left matrix factors and the 4x4 homogeneous central ( also parallel for infinite center cases ) projection factors are presented in this work . any full row rank 3x4 real matrix can be factorized into such basic matrices which will be called lc factors . a further extension to multiple view midpoint triangulation , for both pinhole and affine camera cases , is also presented ←
→ component models for large networks ; being among the easiest ways to find meaningful structure from discrete data , latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) and related component models have been applied widely . they are simple , computationally fast and scalable , interpretable , and admit nonparametric priors . in the currently popular field of network modeling , relatively little work has taken uncertainty of data seriously in the bayesian sense , and component models have been introduced to the field only recently , ←
→ unsupervised feature selection based on the morisita estimator of intrinsic dimension ; this paper deals with a new filter algorithm for selecting the smallest subset of features carrying all the information content of a data set ( i . e . for removing redundant features ). it is an advanced version of the fractal dimension reduction technique , and it relies on the recently introduced morisita estimator of intrinsic dimension ( id ). here , the id is used to quantify dependencies between subsets of features , whic ←
→ thermodynamic - ram technology stack ; we introduce a technology stack or specification describing the multiple levels of abstraction and specialization needed to implement a neuromorphic processor ( npu ) based on the previously - described concept of ahah computing and integrate it into today ' s digital computing systems . the general purpose npu implementation described here is called thermodynamic - ram ( kt - ram ) and is just one of many possible architectures , each with varying advantages and trade offs . bringing ←
→ bounds for vector - valued function estimation ; we present a framework to derive risk bounds for vector - valued learning with a broad class of feature maps and loss functions . multi - task learning and one - vs - all multi - category learning are treated as examples . we discuss in detail vector - valued functions with one hidden layer , and demonstrate that the conditions under which shared representations are beneficial for multi - task learning are equally applicable to multi - category learning .←
→ image segmentation with multidimensional refinement indicators ; we transpose an optimal control technique to the image segmentation problem . the idea is to consider image segmentation as a parameter estimation problem . the parameter to estimate is the color of the pixels of the image . we use the adaptive parameterization technique which builds iteratively an optimal representation of the parameter into uniform regions that form a partition of the domain , hence corresponding to a segmentation of the image . ←
→ an online structural plasticity rule for generating better reservoirs ; in this article , a novel neuro - inspired low - resolution online unsupervised learning rule is proposed to train the reservoir or liquid of liquid state machine . the liquid is a sparsely interconnected huge recurrent network of spiking neurons . the proposed learning rule is inspired from structural plasticity and trains the liquid through formation and elimination of synaptic connections . hence , the learning involves rewiring of the reserv ←
→ online nonparametric regression with general loss functions ; this paper establishes minimax rates for online regression with arbitrary classes of functions and general losses . we show that below a certain threshold for the complexity of the function class , the minimax rates depend on both the curvature of the loss function and the sequential complexities of the class . above this threshold , the curvature of the loss does not affect the rates . furthermore , for the case of square loss , our results point to th ←
→ nonparametric nearest neighbor random process clustering ; we consider the problem of clustering noisy finite - length observations of stationary ergodic random processes according to their nonparametric generative models without prior knowledge of the model statistics and the number of generative models . two algorithms , both using the l1 - distance between estimated power spectral densities ( psds ) as a measure of dissimilarity , are analyzed . the first algorithm , termed nearest neighbor process clustering ( nnpc ←
→ optimum statistical estimation with strategic data sources ; we propose an optimum mechanism for providing monetary incentives to the data sources of a statistical estimator such as linear regression , so that high quality data is provided at low cost , in the sense that the sum of payments and estimation error is minimized . the mechanism applies to a broad range of estimators , including linear and polynomial regression , kernel regression , and , under some additional assumptions , ridge regression . it also gene ←
→ multilevel thresholding for image segmentation through a fast statistical recursive algorithm ; a novel algorithm is proposed for segmenting an image into multiple levels using its mean and variance . starting from the extreme pixel values at both ends of the histogram plot , the algorithm is applied recursively on sub - ranges computed from the previous step , so as to find a threshold level and a new sub - range for the next step , until no significant improvement in image quality can be achieved . the method ma ←
→ ranking algorithms by performance ; a common way of doing algorithm selection is to train a machine learning model and predict the best algorithm from a portfolio to solve a particular problem . while this method has been highly successful , choosing only a single algorithm has inherent limitations -- if the choice was bad , no remedial action can be taken and parallelism cannot be exploited , to name but a few problems . in this paper , we investigate how to predict the ranking of the portfolio algorithms on a p ←
→ a - lamp : adaptive layout - aware multi - patch deep convolutional neural network for photo aesthetic assessment ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have recently been shown to generate promising results for aesthetics assessment . however , the performance of these deep cnn methods is often compromised by the constraint that the neural network only takes the fixed - size input . to accommodate this requirement , input images need to be transformed via cropping , warping , or padding , which often alter image com ←
→ the google similarity distance ; words and phrases acquire meaning from the way they are used in society , from their relative semantics to other words and phrases . for computers the equivalent of ` society ' is ` database ,' and the equivalent of ` use ' is ` way to search the database .' we present a new theory of similarity between words and phrases based on information distance and kolmogorov complexity . to fix thoughts we use the world - wide - web as database , and google as search engine . the method is also applic ←
→ multi - criteria similarity - based anomaly detection using pareto depth analysis ; we consider the problem of identifying patterns in a data set that exhibit anomalous behavior , often referred to as anomaly detection . similarity - based anomaly detection algorithms detect abnormally large amounts of similarity or dissimilarity , e . g .~ as measured by nearest neighbor euclidean distances between a test sample and the training samples . in many application domains there may not exist a single dissimilarity measure t ←
→ inferring 3d articulated models for box packaging robot ; given a point cloud , we consider inferring kinematic models of 3d articulated objects such as boxes for the purpose of manipulating them . while previous work has shown how to extract a planar kinematic model ( often represented as a linear chain ), such planar models do not apply to 3d objects that are composed of segments often linked to the other segments in cyclic configurations . we present an approach for building a model that captures the relation ←
→ semi - supervised bayesian deep multi - modal emotion recognition ; in emotion recognition , it is difficult to recognize human ' s emotional states using just a single modality . besides , the annotation of physiological emotional data is particularly expensive . these two aspects make the building of effective emotion recognition model challenging . in this paper , we first build a multi - view deep generative model to simulate the generative process of multi - modality emotional data . by imposing a mixture of gaussians ←
→ analysis of vessel connectivities in retinal images by cortically inspired spectral clustering ; retinal images provide early signs of diabetic retinopathy , glaucoma , and hypertension . these signs can be investigated based on microaneurysms or smaller vessels . the diagnostic biomarkers are the change of vessel widths and angles especially at junctions , which are investigated using the vessel segmentation or tracking . vessel paths may also be interrupted ; crossings and bifurcations may be disconnected . thi ←
→ particle swarm optimization : an efficient method for tracing periodic orbits in 3d galactic potentials ; we propose the particle swarm optimization ( pso ) as an alternative method for locating periodic orbits in a three -- dimensional ( 3d ) model of barred galaxies . we develop an appropriate scheme that transforms the problem of finding periodic orbits into the problem of detecting global minimizers of a function , which is defined on the poincar \'{ e } surface of section ( pss ) of the hamiltonian system . by comb ←
→ pqtable : non - exhaustive fast search for product - quantized codes using hash tables ; in this paper , we propose a product quantization table ( pqtable ); a fast search method for product - quantized codes via hash - tables . an identifier of each database vector is associated with the slot of a hash table by using its pq - code as a key . for querying , an input vector is pq - encoded and hashed , and the items associated with that code are then retrieved . the proposed pqtable produces the same results as a linear pq sca ←
→ 1 - bit matrix completion under exact low - rank constraint ; we consider the problem of noisy 1 - bit matrix completion under an exact rank constraint on the true underlying matrix $ m ^*$. instead of observing a subset of the noisy continuous - valued entries of a matrix $ m ^*$, we observe a subset of noisy 1 - bit ( or binary ) measurements generated according to a probabilistic model . we consider constrained maximum likelihood estimation of $ m ^*$, under a constraint on the entry - wise infinity - norm of $ m ^*$ and an exac ←
→ self - sustaining iterated learning ; an important result from psycholinguistics ( griffiths & kalish , 2005 ) states that no language can be learned iteratively by rational agents in a self - sustaining manner . we show how to modify the learning process slightly in order to achieve self - sustainability . our work is in two parts . first , we characterize iterated learnability in geometric terms and show how a slight , steady increase in the lengths of the training sessions ensures self - sustainability for any discrete ←
→ semi - supervised fusedgan for conditional image generation ; we present fusedgan , a deep network for conditional image synthesis with controllable sampling of diverse images . fidelity , diversity and controllable sampling are the main quality measures of a good image generation model . most existing models are insufficient in all three aspects . the fusedgan can perform controllable sampling of diverse images with very high fidelity . we argue that controllability can be achieved by disentangling the generation ←
→ combinatorial clustering and the beta negative binomial process ; we develop a bayesian nonparametric approach to a general family of latent class problems in which individuals can belong simultaneously to multiple classes and where each class can be exhibited multiple times by an individual . we introduce a combinatorial stochastic process known as the negative binomial process ( nbp ) as an infinite - dimensional prior appropriate for such problems . we show that the nbp is conjugate to the beta process , and we ←
→ bayesian control for concentrating mixed nuclear waste ; a control algorithm for batch processing of mixed waste is proposed based on conditional gaussian bayesian networks . the network is compiled during batch staging for real - time response to sensor input .←
→ integration of japanese papers into the dblp data set ; if someone is looking for a certain publication in the field of computer science , the searching person is likely to use the dblp to find the desired publication . the dblp data set is continuously extended with new publications , or rather their metadata , for example the names of involved authors , the title and the publication date . while the size of the data set is already remarkable , specific areas can still be improved . the dblp offers a huge collecti ←
→ a model of multi - agent consensus for vague and uncertain beliefs ; consensus formation is investigated for multi - agent systems in which agents ' beliefs are both vague and uncertain . vagueness is represented by a third truth state meaning \ emph { borderline }. this is combined with a probabilistic model of uncertainty . a belief combination operator is then proposed which exploits borderline truth values to enable agents with conflicting beliefs to reach a compromise . a number of simulation experiments are carri ←
→ ethane : a heterogeneous parallel search algorithm for heterogeneous platforms ; in this paper we present ethane , a parallel search algorithm specifically designed for its execution on heterogeneous hardware environments . with ethane we propose an algorithm inspired in the structure of the chemical compound of the same name , implementing a heterogeneous island model based in the structure of its chemical bonds . we also propose a schema for describing a family of parallel heterogeneous metaheuristics inspir ←
→ ordinal rating of network performance and inference by matrix completion ; this paper addresses the large - scale acquisition of end - to - end network performance . we made two distinct contributions : ordinal rating of network performance and inference by matrix completion . the former reduces measurement costs and unifies various metrics which eases their processing in applications . the latter enables scalable and accurate inference with no requirement of structural information of the network nor geometric constr ←
→ deep reinforcement learning with model learning and monte carlo tree search in minecraft ; deep reinforcement learning has been successfully applied to several visual - input tasks using model - free methods . in this paper , we propose a model - based approach that combines learning a dnn - based transition model with monte carlo tree search to solve a block - placing task in minecraft . our learned transition model predicts the next frame and the rewards one step ahead given the last four frames of the agent ' s first ←
→ stochastic gradient variational bayes for gamma approximating distributions ; while stochastic variational inference is relatively well known for scaling inference in bayesian probabilistic models , related methods also offer ways to circumnavigate the approximation of analytically intractable expectations . the key challenge in either setting is controlling the variance of gradient estimates : recent work has shown that for continuous latent variables , particularly multivariate gaussians , this can be achiev ←
→ interpretable low - rank document representations with label - dependent sparsity patterns ; in context of document classification , where in a corpus of documents their label tags are readily known , an opportunity lies in utilizing label information to learn document representation spaces with better discriminative properties . to this end , in this paper application of a variational bayesian supervised nonnegative matrix factorization ( supervised vbnmf ) with label - driven sparsity structure of coefficients is p ←
→ efficient matrix completion with gaussian models ; a general framework based on gaussian models and a map - em algorithm is introduced in this paper for solving matrix / table completion problems . the numerical experiments with the standard and challenging movie ratings data show that the proposed approach , based on probably one of the simplest probabilistic models , leads to the results in the same ballpark as the state - of - the - art , at a lower computational cost .←
→ intelligence graph ; in fact , there exist three genres of intelligence architectures : logics ( e . g . \ textit { random forest , a $^*$ searching }), neurons ( e . g . \ textit { cnn , lstm }) and probabilities ( e . g . \ textit { naive bayes , hmm }), all of which are incompatible to each other . however , to construct powerful intelligence systems with various methods , we propose the intelligence graph ( short as \ textbf {\ textit { igraph }}), which is composed by both of neural and probabilistic graph , under the framework of forward - bac ←
→ 3d densely convolutional networks for volumetric segmentation ; in the isointense stage , the accurate volumetric image segmentation is a challenging task due to the low contrast between tissues . in this paper , we propose a novel very deep network architecture based on a densely convolutional network for volumetric brain segmentation . the proposed network architecture provides a dense connection between layers that aims to improve the information flow in the network . by concatenating features map of fine and ←
→ sparse distributed learning via heterogeneous diffusion adaptive networks ; in - network distributed estimation of sparse parameter vectors via diffusion lms strategies has been studied and investigated in recent years . in all the existing works , some convex regularization approach has been used at each node of the network in order to achieve an overall network performance superior to that of the simple diffusion lms , albeit at the cost of increased computational overhead . in this paper , we provide analytic ←
→ clusternet : detecting small objects in large scenes by exploiting spatio - temporal information ; object detection in wide area motion imagery ( wami ) has drawn the attention of the computer vision research community for a number of years . wami proposes a number of unique challenges including extremely small object sizes , both sparse and densely - packed objects , and extremely large search spaces ( large video frames ). nearly all state - of - the - art methods in wami object detection report that appearance - based cla ←
→ bridging neural machine translation and bilingual dictionaries ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) has become the new state - of - the - art in several language pairs . however , it remains a challenging problem how to integrate nmt with a bilingual dictionary which mainly contains words rarely or never seen in the bilingual training data . in this paper , we propose two methods to bridge nmt and the bilingual dictionaries . the core idea behind is to design novel models that transform the bilingual dictionaries into a ←
→ a robust frame - based nonlinear prediction system for automatic speech coding ; in this paper , we propose a neural - based coding scheme in which an artificial neural network is exploited to automatically compress and decompress speech signals by a trainable approach . having a two - stage training phase , the system can be fully specified to each speech frame and have robust performance across different speakers and wide range of spoken utterances . indeed , frame - based nonlinear predictive coding ( fnpc ) would co ←
→ the definition of ai in terms of multi agent systems ; the questions which we will consider here are " what is ai ?" and " how can we make ai ?". here we will present the definition of ai in terms of multi - agent systems . this means that here you will not find a new answer to the question " what is ai ?", but an old answer in a new form . this new form of the definition of ai is of interest for the theory of multi - agent systems because it gives us better understanding of this theory . more important is that this w ←
→ holistic random encoding for imaging through multimode fibers ; the input numerical aperture ( na ) of multimode fiber ( mmf ) can be effectively increased by placing turbid media at the input end of the mmf . this provides the potential for high - resolution imaging through the mmf . while the input na is increased , the number of propagation modes in the mmf and hence the output na remains the same . this makes the image reconstruction process underdetermined and may limit the quality of the image reconstruction . i ←
→ texture analysis by multi - resolution fractal descriptors ; this work proposes a texture descriptor based on fractal theory . the method is based on the bouligand - minkowski descriptors . we decompose the original image recursively into 4 equal parts . in each recursion step , we estimate the average and the deviation of the bouligand - minkowski descriptors computed over each part . thus , we extract entropy features from both average and deviation . the proposed descriptors are provided by the concatenation of such ←
→ patch - based fake fingerprint detection using a fully convolutional neural network with a small number of parameters and an optimal threshold ; fingerprint authentication is widely used in biometrics due to its simple process , but it is vulnerable to fake fingerprints . this study proposes a patch - based fake fingerprint detection method using a fully convolutional neural network with a small number of parameters and an optimal threshold to solve the above - mentioned problem . unlike the existing methods that ←
→ a finite state and rule - based akshara to prosodeme ( a2p ) converter in hindi ; this article describes a software module called akshara to prosodeme ( a2p ) converter in hindi . it converts an input grapheme into prosedeme ( sequence of phonemes with the specification of syllable boundaries and prosodic labels ). the software is based on two proposed finite state machines \ textemdash one for the syllabification and another for the syllable labeling . in addition to that , it also uses a set of nonlinear phonologica ←
→ robust classification of graph - based data ; a graph - based classification method is proposed both for semi - supervised learning in the case of euclidean data and for classification in the case of graph data . our manifold learning technique is based on a convex optimization problem involving a convex regularization term and a concave loss function with a trade - off parameter carefully chosen so that the objective function remains convex . as shown experimentally , the advantage of considering a concave loss funct ←
→ towards understanding the invertibility of convolutional neural networks ; several recent works have empirically observed that convolutional neural nets ( cnns ) are ( approximately ) invertible . to understand this approximate invertibility phenomenon and how to leverage it more effectively , we focus on a theoretical explanation and develop a mathematical model of sparse signal recovery that is consistent with cnns with random weights . we give an exact connection to a particular model of model - based compressive ←
→ gene selection with guided regularized random forest ; the regularized random forest ( rrf ) was recently proposed for feature selection by building only one ensemble . in rrf the features are evaluated on a part of the training data at each tree node . we derive an upper bound for the number of distinct gini information gain values in a node , and show that many features can share the same information gain at a node with a small number of instances and a large number of features . therefore , in a node with a sma ←
→ virtual blood vessels in complex background using stereo x - ray images ; we propose a fully automatic system to reconstruct and visualize 3d blood vessels in augmented reality ( ar ) system from stereo x - ray images with bones and body fat . currently , typical 3d imaging technologies are expensive and carrying the risk of irradiation exposure . to reduce the potential harm , we only need to take two x - ray images before visualizing the vessels . our system can effectively reconstruct and visualize vessels in followi ←
→ solving multi - objective mdp with lexicographic preference : an application to stochastic planning with multiple quantile objective ; in most common settings of markov decision process ( mdp ), an agent evaluate a policy based on expectation of ( discounted ) sum of rewards . however in many applications this criterion might not be suitable from two perspective : first , in risk aversion situation expectation of accumulated rewards is not robust enough , this is the case when distribution of accumulated reward is h ←
→ synthetic data and artificial neural networks for natural scene text recognition ; in this work we present a framework for the recognition of natural scene text . our framework does not require any human - labelled data , and performs word recognition on the whole image holistically , departing from the character based recognition systems of the past . the deep neural network models at the centre of this framework are trained solely on data produced by a synthetic text generation engine -- synthetic data that i ←
→ the segmentation fusion method on10 multi - sensors ; the most significant problem may be undesirable effects for the spectral signatures of fused images as well as the benefits of using fused images mostly compared to their source images were acquired at the same time by one sensor . they may or may not be suitable for the fusion of other images . it becomes therefore increasingly important to investigate techniques that allow multi - sensor , multi - date image fusion to make final conclusions can be drawn on the ←
→ rethinking feature distribution for loss functions in image classification ; we propose a large - margin gaussian mixture ( l - gm ) loss for deep neural networks in classification tasks . different from the softmax cross - entropy loss , our proposal is established on the assumption that the deep features of the training set follow a gaussian mixture distribution . by involving a classification margin and a likelihood regularization , the l - gm loss facilitates both a high classification performance and an accurate m ←
→ deep learning with topological signatures ; inferring topological and geometrical information from data can offer an alternative perspective on machine learning problems . methods from topological data analysis , e . g ., persistent homology , enable us to obtain such information , typically in the form of summary representations of topological features . however , such topological signatures often come with an unusual structure ( e . g ., multisets of intervals ) that is highly impractical for most machine learning tech ←
→ from contracts in structured english to cl specifications ; in this paper we present a framework to analyze conflicts of contracts written in structured english . a contract that has manually been rewritten in a structured english is automatically translated into a formal language using the grammatical framework ( gf ). in particular we use the contract language cl as a target formal language for this translation . in our framework cl specifications could then be input into the tool clan to detect the presence ←
→ unsupervised representation learning by sorting sequences ; we present an unsupervised representation learning approach using videos without semantic labels . we leverage the temporal coherence as a supervisory signal by formulating representation learning as a sequence sorting task . we take temporally shuffled frames ( i . e ., in non - chronological order ) as inputs and train a convolutional neural network to sort the shuffled sequences . similar to comparison - based sorting algorithms , we propose to extract featu ←
→ social browsing on flickr ; the new social media sites - blogs , wikis , del . icio . us and flickr , among others - underscore the transformation of the web to a participatory medium in which users are actively creating , evaluating and distributing information . the photo - sharing site flickr , for example , allows users to upload photographs , view photos created by others , comment on those photos , etc . as is common to other social media sites , flickr allows users to designate others as `` contacts '' and to track thei ←
→ deep matching and validation network -- an end - to - end solution to constrained image splicing localization and detection ; image splicing is a very common image manipulation technique that is sometimes used for malicious purposes . a splicing detec - tion and localization algorithm usually takes an input image and produces a binary decision indicating whether the input image has been manipulated , and also a segmentation mask that corre - sponds to the spliced region . most existing splicing detection and local ←
→ programs as black - box explanations ; recent work in model - agnostic explanations of black - box machine learning has demonstrated that interpretability of complex models does not have to come at the cost of accuracy or model flexibility . however , it is not clear what kind of explanations , such as linear models , decision trees , and rule lists , are the appropriate family to consider , and different tasks and models may benefit from different kinds of explanations . instead of picking a single family of representat ←
→ private causal inference ; causal inference deals with identifying which random variables " cause " or control other random variables . recent advances on the topic of causal inference based on tools from statistical estimation and machine learning have resulted in practical algorithms for causal inference . causal inference has the potential to have significant impact on medical research , prevention and control of diseases , and identifying factors that impact economic changes to name just a few . however , these ←
→ dilated deep residual network for image denoising ; variations of deep neural networks such as convolutional neural network ( cnn ) have been successfully applied to image denoising . the goal is to automatically learn a mapping from a noisy image to a clean image given training data consisting of pairs of noisy and clean images . most existing cnn models for image denoising have many layers . in such cases , the models involve a large amount of parameters and are computationally expensive to train . in this paper ←
→ evolutionary algorithm for drug discovery interim design report ; a software program which aims to provide an exploration capability over the search space of potential drug molecules . the program explores the search space by generating random molecules , determining their fitness and then breeding a new generation from the fittest individuals . the search space , in theory any combination of any elements in any order , is constrained by the use of a subset of elements and a list of fragments , molecular parts th ←
→ updating probabilities in multiply - connected belief networks ; this paper focuses on probability updates in multiply - connected belief networks . pearl has designed the method of conditioning , which enables us to apply his algorithm for belief updates in singly - connected networks to multiply - connected belief networks by selecting a loop - cutset for the network and instantiating these loop - cutset nodes . we discuss conditions that need to be satisfied by the selected nodes . we present a heuristic algorithm for f ←
→ comparing feature detectors : a bias in the repeatability criteria , and how to correct it ; most computer vision application rely on algorithms finding local correspondences between different images . these algorithms detect and compare stable local invariant descriptors centered at scale - invariant keypoints . because of the importance of the problem , new keypoint detectors and descriptors are constantly being proposed , each one claiming to perform better ( or to be complementary ) to the preceding ones . this ←
→ square hellinger subadditivity for bayesian networks and its applications to identity testing ; we show that the square hellinger distance between two bayesian networks on the same directed graph , $ g $, is subadditive with respect to the neighborhoods of $ g $. namely , if $ p $ and $ q $ are the probability distributions defined by two bayesian networks on the same dag , our inequality states that the square hellinger distance , $ h ^ 2 ( p , q )$, between $ p $ and $ q $ is upper bounded by the sum , $\ sum_v h ^ 2 ( p_ {\{ v \} \ cup ←
→ avian influenza ( h5n1 ) warning system using dempster - shafer theory and web mapping ; based on cumulative number of confirmed human cases of avian influenza ( h5n1 ) reported to world health organization ( who ) in the 2011 from 15 countries , indonesia has the largest number death because avian influenza which 146 deaths . in this research , the researcher built a web mapping and dempster - shafer theory as early warning system of avian influenza . early warning is the provision of timely and effective information ,←
→ squishednets : squishing squeezenet further for edge device scenarios via deep evolutionary synthesis ; while deep neural networks have been shown in recent years to outperform other machine learning methods in a wide range of applications , one of the biggest challenges with enabling deep neural networks for widespread deployment on edge devices such as mobile and other consumer devices is high computational and memory requirements . recently , there has been greater exploration into small deep neural networ ←
→ a heuristic search algorithm using the stability of learning algorithms in certain scenarios as the fitness function : an artificial general intelligence engineering approach ; this paper presents a non - manual design engineering method based on heuristic search algorithm to search for candidate agents in the solution space which formed by artificial intelligence agents modeled on the base of bionics . compared with the artificial design method represented by meta - learning and the bionics method represented ←
→ generalizing hamiltonian monte carlo with neural networks ; we present a general - purpose method to train markov chain monte carlo kernels , parameterized by deep neural networks , that converge and mix quickly to their target distribution . our method generalizes hamiltonian monte carlo and is trained to maximize expected squared jumped distance , a proxy for mixing speed . we demonstrate large empirical gains on a collection of simple but challenging distributions , for instance achieving a 106x improvement in e ←
→ a general homogeneous matrix formulation to 3d rotation geometric transformations ; we present algebraic projective geometry definitions of 3d rotations so as to bridge a small gap between the applications and the definitions of 3d rotations in homogeneous matrix form . a general homogeneous matrix formulation to 3d rotation geometric transformations is proposed which suits for the cases when the rotation axis is unnecessarily through the coordinate system origin given their rotation axes and rotation angl ←
→ mathematical language processing project ; in natural language , words and phrases themselves imply the semantics . in contrast , the meaning of identifiers in mathematical formulae is undefined . thus scientists must study the context to decode the meaning . the mathematical language processing ( mlp ) project aims to support that process . in this paper , we compare two approaches to discover identifier - definition tuples . at first we use a simple pattern matching approach . second , we present the mlp approach that ←
→ pseudo - positive regularization for deep person re - identification ; an intrinsic challenge of person re - identification ( re - id ) is the annotation difficulty . this typically means 1 ) few training samples per identity , and 2 ) thus the lack of diversity among the training samples . consequently , we face high risk of over - fitting when training the convolutional neural network ( cnn ), a state - of - the - art method in person re - id . to reduce the risk of over - fitting , this paper proposes a pseudo positive regularization (←
→ efficient computation of exact irv margins ; the margin of victory is easy to compute for many election schemes but difficult for instant runoff voting ( irv ). this is important because arguments about the correctness of an election outcome usually rely on the size of the electoral margin . for example , risk - limiting audits require a knowledge of the margin of victory in order to determine how much auditing is necessary . this paper presents a practical branch - and - bound algorithm for exact irv margin computati ←
→ tackling error propagation through reinforcement learning : a case of greedy dependency parsing ; error propagation is a common problem in nlp . reinforcement learning explores erroneous states during training and can therefore be more robust when mistakes are made early in a process . in this paper , we apply reinforcement learning to greedy dependency parsing which is known to suffer from error propagation . reinforcement learning improves accuracy of both labeled and unlabeled dependencies of the stanford n ←
→ proximal quasi - newton for computationally intensive l1 - regularized m - estimators ; we consider the class of optimization problems arising from computationally intensive l1 - regularized m - estimators , where the function or gradient values are very expensive to compute . a particular instance of interest is the l1 - regularized mle for learning conditional random fields ( crfs ), which are a popular class of statistical models for varied structured prediction problems such as sequence labeling , alignment , and class ←
→ spatial - aware dictionary learning for hyperspectral image classification ; this paper presents a structured dictionary - based model for hyperspectral data that incorporates both spectral and contextual characteristics of a spectral sample , with the goal of hyperspectral image classification . the idea is to partition the pixels of a hyperspectral image into a number of spatial neighborhoods called contextual groups and to model each pixel with a linear combination of a few dictionary elements learned from the ←
→ new alignment methods for discriminative book summarization ; we consider the unsupervised alignment of the full text of a book with a human - written summary . this presents challenges not seen in other text alignment problems , including a disparity in length and , consequent to this , a violation of the expectation that individual words and phrases should align , since large passages and chapters can be distilled into a single summary phrase . we present two new methods , based on hidden markov models , specifical ←
→ image registration for the alignment of digitized historical documents ; in this work , we conducted a survey on different registration algorithms and investigated their suitability for hyperspectral historical image registration applications . after the evaluation of different algorithms , we choose an intensity based registration algorithm with a curved transformation model . for the transformation model , we select cubic b - splines since they should be capable to cope with all non - rigid deformations in our hyp ←
→ multiple attractor cellular automata ( maca ) for addressing major problems in bioinformatics ; ca has grown as potential classifier for addressing major problems in bioinformatics . lot of bioinformatics problems like predicting the protein coding region , finding the promoter region , predicting the structure of protein and many other problems in bioinformatics can be addressed through cellular automata . even though there are some prediction techniques addressing these problems , the approximate accuracy leve ←
→ searching for plannable domains can speed up reinforcement learning ; reinforcement learning ( rl ) involves sequential decision making in uncertain environments . the aim of the decision - making agent is to maximize the benefit of acting in its environment over an extended period of time . finding an optimal policy in rl may be very slow . to speed up learning , one often used solution is the integration of planning , for example , sutton ' s dyna algorithm , or various other methods using macro - actions . here we sug ←
→ sieve - based coreference resolution in the biomedical domain ; we describe challenges and advantages unique to coreference resolution in the biomedical domain , and a sieve - based architecture that leverages domain knowledge for both entity and event coreference resolution . domain - general coreference resolution algorithms perform poorly on biomedical documents , because the cues they rely on such as gender are largely absent in this domain , and because they do not encode domain - specific knowledge such as the nu ←
→ reasoning with conditional ceteris paribus preference statem ; in many domains it is desirable to assess the preferences of users in a qualitative rather than quantitative way . such representations of qualitative preference orderings form an importnat component of automated decision tools . we propose a graphical representation of preferences that reflects conditional dependence and independence of preference statements under a ceteris paribus ( all else being equal ) interpretation . such a representation is o ←
→ bayesian nonparametric causal inference : information rates and learning algorithms ; we investigate the problem of estimating the causal effect of a treatment on individual subjects from observational data , this is a central problem in various application domains , including healthcare , social sciences , and online advertising . within the neyman rubin potential outcomes model , we use the kullback leibler ( kl ) divergence between the estimated and true distributions as a measure of accuracy of the estimate , a ←
→ exploiting the potential of unlabeled endoscopic video data with self - supervised learning ; surgical data science is a new research field that aims to observe all aspects of the patient treatment process in order to provide the right assistance at the right time . due to the breakthrough successes of deep learning - based solutions for automatic image annotation , the availability of reference annotations for algorithm training is becoming a major bottleneck in the field . the purpose of this paper was to inve ←
→ coupled neural associative memories ; we propose a novel architecture to design a neural associative memory that is capable of learning a large number of patterns and recalling them later in presence of noise . it is based on dividing the neurons into local clusters and parallel plains , very similar to the architecture of the visual cortex of macaque brain . the common features of our proposed architecture with those of spatially - coupled codes enable us to show that the performance of such networks in elimina ←
→ towards automated patient data cleaning using deep learning : a feasibility study on the standardization of organ labeling ; data cleaning consumes about 80 % of the time spent on data analysis for clinical research projects . this is a much bigger problem in the era of big data and machine learning in the field of medicine where large volumes of data are being generated . we report an initial effort towards automated patient data cleaning using deep learning : the standardization of organ labeling in radiatio ←
→ nonparametric detection of geometric structures over networks ; nonparametric detection of existence of an anomalous structure over a network is investigated . nodes corresponding to the anomalous structure ( if one exists ) receive samples generated by a distribution q , which is different from a distribution p generating samples for other nodes . if an anomalous structure does not exist , all nodes receive samples generated by p . it is assumed that the distributions p and q are arbitrary and unknown . the goal i ←
→ a fuzzy similarity based concept mining model for text classification ; text classification is a challenging and a red hot field in the current scenario and has great importance in text categorization applications . a lot of research work has been done in this field but there is a need to categorize a collection of text documents into mutually exclusive categories by extracting the concepts or features using supervised learning paradigm and different classification algorithms . in this paper , a new fuzzy simi ←
→ domain adaptation for ear recognition using deep convolutional neural networks ; in this paper , we have extensively investigated the unconstrained ear recognition problem . we have first shown the importance of domain adaptation , when deep convolutional neural network models are used for ear recognition . to enable domain adaptation , we have collected a new ear dataset using the multi - pie face dataset , which we named as multi - pie ear dataset . to improve the performance further , we have combined different de ←
→ improving robustness of feature representations to image deformations using powered convolution in cnns ; in this work , we address the problem of improvement of robustness of feature representations learned using convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to image deformation . we argue that higher moment statistics of feature distributions could be shifted due to image deformations , and the shift leads to degrade of performance and cannot be reduced by ordinary normalization methods as observed in experimental ←
→ gradual learning of deep recurrent neural networks ; deep recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) achieve state - of - the - art results in many sequence - to - sequence tasks . however , deep rnns are difficult to train and suffer from overfitting . we introduce a training method that trains the network gradually , and treats each layer individually , to achieve improved results in language modelling tasks . training deep lstm with gradual learning ( gl ) obtains perplexity of 61 . 7 on the penn treebank ( ptb ) corpus . as far as we k ←
→ local visual microphones : improved sound extraction from silent video ; sound waves cause small vibrations in nearby objects . a few techniques exist in the literature that can extract sound from video . in this paper we study local vibration patterns at different image locations . we show that different locations in the image vibrate differently . we carefully aggregate local vibrations and produce a sound quality that improves state - of - the - art . we show that local vibrations could have a time delay because sou ←
→ adaptive mixtures of factor analyzers ; a mixture of factor analyzers is a semi - parametric density estimator that generalizes the well - known mixtures of gaussians model by allowing each gaussian in the mixture to be represented in a different lower - dimensional manifold . this paper presents a robust and parsimonious model selection algorithm for training a mixture of factor analyzers , carrying out simultaneous clustering and locally linear , globally nonlinear dimensionality reduction . permitting different nu ←
→ deep head pose estimation from depth data for in - car automotive applications ; recently , deep learning approaches have achieved promising results in various fields of computer vision . in this paper , we tackle the problem of head pose estimation through a convolutional neural network ( cnn ). differently from other proposals in the literature , the described system is able to work directly and based only on raw depth data . moreover , the head pose estimation is solved as a regression problem and does not rely ←
→ priming neural networks ; visual priming is known to affect the human visual system to allow detection of scene elements , even those that may have been near unnoticeable before , such as the presence of camouflaged animals . this process has been shown to be an effect of top - down signaling in the visual system triggered by the said cue . in this paper , we propose a mechanism to mimic the process of priming in the context of object detection and segmentation . we view priming as having a modulatory , cue dependen ←
→ faceless person recognition ; privacy implications in social media ; as we shift more of our lives into the virtual domain , the volume of data shared on the web keeps increasing and presents a threat to our privacy . this works contributes to the understanding of privacy implications of such data sharing by analysing how well people are recognisable in social media data . to facilitate a systematic study we define a number of scenarios considering factors such as how many heads of a person are tagged and if th ←
→ a first approach on modelling staff proactiveness in retail simulation models ; there has been a noticeable shift in the relative composition of the industry in the developed countries in recent years ; manufacturing is decreasing while the service sector is becoming more important . however , currently most simulation models for investigating service systems are still built in the same way as manufacturing simulation models , using a process - oriented world view , i . e . they model the flow of passive entities t ←
→ committment - based data - aware multi - agent - contexts systems ; communication and interaction among agents have been the subject of extensive investigation since many years . commitment - based communication , where communicating agents are seen as a debtor agent who is committed to a creditor agent to bring about something ( possibly under some conditions ) is now very well - established . the approach of dacmas ( data - aware commitment - based mas ) lifts commitment - related approaches proposed in the literature from a prop ←
→ saying what you ' re looking for : linguistics meets video search ; we present an approach to searching large video corpora for video clips which depict a natural - language query in the form of a sentence . this approach uses compositional semantics to encode subtle meaning that is lost in other systems , such as the difference between two sentences which have identical words but entirely different meaning : " the person rode the horse } vs . \ emph { the horse rode the person ". given a video - sentence pair and a natural ←
→ fast non parametric entropy estimation for spatial - temporal saliency method ; this paper formulates bottom - up visual saliency as center surround conditional entropy and presents a fast and efficient technique for the computation of such a saliency map . it is shown that the new saliency formulation is consistent with self - information based saliency , decision - theoretic saliency and bayesian definition of surprises but also faces the same significant computational challenge of estimating probability density ←
→ network motifs in music sequences ; this paper has been withdrawn by the author because it needs a deep methodological revision .←
→ typical stability ; in this paper , we introduce a notion of algorithmic stability called typical stability . when our goal is to release real - valued queries ( statistics ) computed over a dataset , this notion does not require the queries to be of bounded sensitivity -- a condition that is generally assumed under differential privacy [ dmns06 , dwork06 ] when used as a notion of algorithmic stability [ dfhprr15a , dfhprr15b , bnsssu16 ] -- nor does it require the samples in the dataset to be independent -- a condition ←
→ solving for multi - class using orthogonal coding matrices ; probability estimates are desirable in statistical classification both for gauging the accuracy of a classification result and for calibration . here we describe a method of solving for the conditional probabilities in multi - class classification using orthogonal error correcting codes . the method is tested on six different datasets using support vector machines and compares favorably with an existing technique based on the one - versus - one multi - class ←
→ learning shape and texture characteristics of ct tree - in - bud opacities for cad systems ; although radiologists can employ cad systems to characterize malignancies , pulmonary fibrosis and other chronic diseases ; the design of imaging techniques to quantify infectious diseases continue to lag behind . there exists a need to create more cad systems capable of detecting and quantifying characteristic patterns often seen in respiratory tract infections such as influenza , bacterial pneumonia , or tuborculosis . on ←
→ mufold - ss : protein secondary structure prediction using deep inception - inside - inception networks ; motivation : protein secondary structure prediction can provide important information for protein 3d structure prediction and protein functions . deep learning , which has been successfully applied to various research fields such as image classification and voice recognition , provides a new opportunity to significantly improve the secondary structure prediction accuracy . although several deep - learning methods h ←
→ recommender system based on algorithm of bicluster analysis recbi ; in this paper we propose two new algorithms based on biclustering analysis , which can be used at the basis of a recommender system for educational orientation of russian school graduates . the first algorithm was designed to help students make a choice between different university faculties when some of their preferences are known . the second algorithm was developed for the special situation when nothing is known about their preferences . the ←
→ faceboxes : a cpu real - time face detector with high accuracy ; although tremendous strides have been made in face detection , one of the remaining open challenges is to achieve real - time speed on the cpu as well as maintain high performance , since effective models for face detection tend to be computationally prohibitive . to address this challenge , we propose a novel face detector , named faceboxes , with superior performance on both speed and accuracy . specifically , our method has a lightweight yet powerful ne ←
→ document embedding with paragraph vectors ; paragraph vectors has been recently proposed as an unsupervised method for learning distributed representations for pieces of texts . in their work , the authors showed that the method can learn an embedding of movie review texts which can be leveraged for sentiment analysis . that proof of concept , while encouraging , was rather narrow . here we consider tasks other than sentiment analysis , provide a more thorough comparison of paragraph vectors to other document mode ←
→ retain : an interpretable predictive model for healthcare using reverse time attention mechanism ; accuracy and interpretability are two dominant features of successful predictive models . typically , a choice must be made in favor of complex black box models such as recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) for accuracy versus less accurate but more interpretable traditional models such as logistic regression . this tradeoff poses challenges in medicine where both accuracy and interpretability are important . we addres ←
→ relaxed leverage sampling for low - rank matrix completion ; we consider the problem of exact recovery of any $ m \ times n $ matrix of rank $\ varrho $ from a small number of observed entries via the standard nuclear norm minimization framework . such low - rank matrices have degrees of freedom $( m + n )\ varrho - \ varrho ^ 2 $. we show that any arbitrary low - rank matrices can be recovered exactly from a $\ theta \ left ((( m + n )\ varrho - \ varrho ^ 2 )\ log ^ 2 ( m + n )\ right )$ randomly sampled entries , thus matching the lower bound on the ←
→ sentiment predictability for stocks ; in this work , we present our findings and experiments for stock - market prediction using various textual sentiment analysis tools , such as mood analysis and event extraction , as well as prediction models , such as lstms and specific convolutional architectures .←
→ equation parsing : mapping sentences to grounded equations ; identifying mathematical relations expressed in text is essential to understanding a broad range of natural language text from election reports , to financial news , to sport commentaries to mathematical word problems . this paper focuses on identifying and understanding mathematical relations described within a single sentence . we introduce the problem of equation parsing -- given a sentence , identify noun phrases which represent variables , and gener ←
→ adversarial delays in online strongly - convex optimization ; we consider the problem of strongly - convex online optimization in presence of adversarial delays ; in a t - iteration online game , the feedback of the player ' s query at time t is arbitrarily delayed by an adversary for d_t rounds and delivered before the game ends , at iteration t + d_t - 1 . specifically for \ algo { online - gradient - descent } algorithm we show it has a simple regret bound of \ oh {\ sum_ { t = 1 }^ t \ log ( 1 + \ frac { d_t }{ t })}. this gives a clear and sim ←
→ plane - extraction from depth - data using a gaussian mixture regression model ; we propose a novel algorithm for unsupervised extraction of piecewise planar models from depth - data . among other applications , such models are a good way of enabling autonomous agents ( robots , cars , drones , etc .) to effectively perceive their surroundings and to navigate in three dimensions . we propose to do this by fitting the data with a piecewise - linear gaussian mixture regression model whose components are skewed over planes ,←
→ automatically reinforcing a game ai ; a recent research trend in artificial intelligence ( ai ) is the combination of several programs into one single , stronger , program ; this is termed portfolio methods . we here investigate the application of such methods to game playing programs ( gpps ). in addition , we consider the case in which only one gpp is available - by decomposing this single gpp into several ones through the use of parameters or even simply random seeds . these portfolio methods are trained in a lear ←
→ towards shockingly easy structured classification : a search - based probabilistic online learning framework ; there are two major approaches for structured classification . one is the probabilistic gradient - based methods such as conditional random fields ( crf ), which has high accuracy but with drawbacks : slow training , and no support of search - based optimization ( which is important in many cases ). the other one is the search - based learning methods such as perceptrons and margin infused relaxed algorithm ( mir ←
→ redesigning pattern mining algorithms for supercomputers ; upcoming many core processors are expected to employ a distributed memory architecture similar to currently available supercomputers , but parallel pattern mining algorithms amenable to the architecture are not comprehensively studied . we present a novel closed pattern mining algorithm with a well - engineered communication protocol , and generalize it to find statistically significant patterns from personal genome data . for distributing communication e ←
→ geometric decomposition of feed forward neural networks ; there have been several attempts to mathematically understand neural networks and many more from biological and computational perspectives . the field has exploded in the last decade , yet neural networks are still treated much like a black box . in this work we describe a structure that is inherent to a feed forward neural network . this will provide a framework for future work on neural networks to improve training algorithms , compute the homology of t ←
→ qualitative assessment of recurrent human motion ; smartphone applications designed to track human motion in combination with wearable sensors , e . g ., during physical exercising , raised huge attention recently . commonly , they provide quantitative services , such as personalized training instructions or the counting of distances . but qualitative monitoring and assessment is still missing , e . g ., to detect malpositions , to prevent injuries , or to optimize training success . we address this issue by presenting a c ←
→ closed - form em for sparse coding and its application to source separation ; we define and discuss the first sparse coding algorithm based on closed - form em updates and continuous latent variables . the underlying generative model consists of a standard ` spike - and - slab ' prior and a gaussian noise model . closed - form solutions for e - and m - step equations are derived by generalizing probabilistic pca . the resulting em algorithm can take all modes of a potentially multi - modal posterior into account . the computa ←
→ a comparative analysis of tensor decomposition models using hyper spectral image ; hyper spectral imaging is a remote sensing technology , providing variety of applications such as material identification , space object identification , planetary exploitation etc . it deals with capturing continuum of images of the earth surface from different angles . due to the multidimensional nature of the image , multi - way arrays are one of the possible solutions for analyzing hyper spectral data . this multi - way array is c ←
→ combining models of approximation with partial learning ; in gold ' s framework of inductive inference , the model of partial learning requires the learner to output exactly one correct index for the target object and only the target object infinitely often . since infinitely many of the learner ' s hypotheses may be incorrect , it is not obvious whether a partial learner can be modifed to " approximate " the target object . fulk and jain ( approximate inference and scientific method . information and computation 114 ←
→ manifold regularization for kernelized lstd ; policy evaluation or value function or q - function approximation is a key procedure in reinforcement learning ( rl ). it is a necessary component of policy iteration and can be used for variance reduction in policy gradient methods . therefore its quality has a significant impact on most rl algorithms . motivated by manifold regularized learning , we propose a novel kernelized policy evaluation method that takes advantage of the intrinsic geometry of the state space l ←
→ an analysis of random projections in cancelable biometrics ; with increasing concerns about security , the need for highly secure physical biometrics - based authentication systems utilizing \ emph { cancelable biometric } technologies is on the rise . because the problem of cancelable template generation deals with the trade - off between template security and matching performance , many state - of - the - art algorithms successful in generating high quality cancelable biometrics all have random projection as one of their ←
→ 2d - 3d fully convolutional neural networks for cardiac mr segmentation ; in this paper , we develop a 2d and 3d segmentation pipelines for fully automated cardiac mr image segmentation using deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). our models are trained end - to - end from scratch using the acd challenge 2017 dataset comprising of 100 studies , each containing cardiac mr images in end diastole and end systole phase . we show that both our segmentation models achieve near state - of - the - art performance scores in ter ←
→ clustering dynamic web usage data ; most classification methods are based on the assumption that data conforms to a stationary distribution . the machine learning domain currently suffers from a lack of classification techniques that are able to detect the occurrence of a change in the underlying data distribution . ignoring possible changes in the underlying concept , also known as concept drift , may degrade the performance of the classification model . often these changes make the model inconsistent and regul ←
→ benchmark visual question answer models by using focus map ; inferring and executing programs for visual reasoning proposes a model for visual reasoning that consists of a program generator and an execution engine to avoid end - to - end models . to show that the model actually learns which objects to focus on to answer the questions , the authors give a visualization of the norm of the gradient of the sum of the predicted answer scores with respect to the final feature map . however , the authors do not evaluate t ←
→ further connections between contract - scheduling and ray - searching problems ; this paper addresses two classes of different , yet interrelated optimization problems . the first class of problems involves a robot that must locate a hidden target in an environment that consists of a set of concurrent rays . the second class pertains to the design of interruptible algorithms by means of a schedule of contract algorithms . we study several variants of these families of problems , such as searching and scheduling wi ←
→ local case - control sampling : efficient subsampling in imbalanced data sets ; for classification problems with significant class imbalance , subsampling can reduce computational costs at the price of inflated variance in estimating model parameters . we propose a method for subsampling efficiently for logistic regression by adjusting the class balance locally in feature space via an accept - reject scheme . our method generalizes standard case - control sampling , using a pilot estimate to preferentially select ex ←
→ bias - variance tradeoff of graph laplacian regularizer ; this paper presents a bias - variance tradeoff of graph laplacian regularizer , which is widely used in graph signal processing and semi - supervised learning tasks . the scaling law of the optimal regularization parameter is specified in terms of the spectral graph properties and a novel signal - to - noise ratio parameter , which suggests selecting a mediocre regularization parameter is often suboptimal . the analysis is applied to three applications , including ←
→ medical information embedding in compressed watermarked intravascular ultrasound video ; in medical field , intravascular ultrasound ( ivus ) is a tomographic imaging modality , which can identify the boundaries of different layers of blood vessels . ivus can detect myocardial infarction ( heart attack ) that remains ignored and unattended when only angioplasty is done . during the past decade , it became easier for some individuals or groups to copy and transmits digital information without the permission of the ←
→ vqs : linking segmentations to questions and answers for supervised attention in vqa and question - focused semantic segmentation ; rich and dense human labeled datasets are among the main enabling factors for the recent advance on vision - language understanding . many seemingly distant annotations ( e . g ., semantic segmentation and visual question answering ( vqa )) are inherently connected in that they reveal different levels and perspectives of human understandings about the same visual scenes --- and even the ←
→ learning multimodal transition dynamics for model - based reinforcement learning ; in this paper we study how to learn stochastic , multimodal transition dynamics in reinforcement learning ( rl ) tasks . we focus on evaluating transition function estimation , while we defer planning over this model to future work . stochasticity is a fundamental property of many task environments . however , discriminative function approximators have difficulty estimating multimodal stochasticity . in contrast , deep generative model ←
→ a review of mean - shift algorithms for clustering ; a natural way to characterize the cluster structure of a dataset is by finding regions containing a high density of data . this can be done in a nonparametric way with a kernel density estimate , whose modes and hence clusters can be found using mean - shift algorithms . we describe the theory and practice behind clustering based on kernel density estimates and mean - shift algorithms . we discuss the blurring and non - blurring versions of mean - shift ; theoretical re ←
→ multi - agent learning using fictitious play and extended kalman filter ; decentralised optimisation tasks are important components of multi - agent systems . these tasks can be interpreted as n - player potential games : therefore game - theoretic learning algorithms can be used to solve decentralised optimisation tasks . fictitious play is the canonical example of these algorithms . nevertheless fictitious play implicitly assumes that players have stationary strategies . we present a novel variant of fictitious play w ←
→ learning to play othello with deep neural networks ; achieving superhuman playing level by alphago corroborated the capabilities of convolutional neural architectures ( cnns ) for capturing complex spatial patterns . this result was to a great extent due to several analogies between go board states and 2d images cnns have been designed for , in particular translational invariance and a relatively large board . in this paper , we verify whether cnn - based move predictors prove effective for othello , a game with sig ←
→ on tensor rank of conditional probability tables in bayesian networks ; a difficult task in modeling with bayesian networks is the elicitation of numerical parameters of bayesian networks . a large number of parameters is needed to specify a conditional probability table ( cpt ) that has a larger parent set . in this paper we show that , most cpts from real applications of bayesian networks can actually be very well approximated by tables that require substantially less parameters . this observation has practical ←
→ the complexification of engineering ; this paper deals with the arrow of complexification of engineering . we claim that the complexification of engineering consists in ( a ) that shift throughout which engineering becomes a science ; thus it ceases to be a ( mere ) praxis or profession ; ( b ) becoming a science , engineering can be considered as one of the sciences of complexity . in reality , the complexification of engineering is the process by which engineering can be studied , achieved and understood in terms of k ←
→ deep supervised hashing with triplet labels ; hashing is one of the most popular and powerful approximate nearest neighbor search techniques for large - scale image retrieval . most traditional hashing methods first represent images as off - the - shelf visual features and then produce hashing codes in a separate stage . however , off - the - shelf visual features may not be optimally compatible with the hash code learning procedure , which may result in sub - optimal hash codes . recently , deep hashing methods have been pr ←
→ query - free attacks on industry - grade face recognition systems under resource constraints ; to attack a deep neural network ( dnn ) based face recognition ( fr ) system , one needs to build \ textit { substitute } models to simulate the target , so the adversarial examples discovered could also mislead the target . such \ textit { transferability } is achieved in recent studies through querying the target to obtain data for training the substitutes . a real - world target , likes the fr system of law enforcement , however , is ←
→ an inequality paradigm for probabilistic knowledge ; we propose an inequality paradigm for probabilistic reasoning based on a logic of upper and lower bounds on conditional probabilities . we investigate a family of probabilistic logics , generalizing the work of nilsson [ 14 ]. we develop a variety of logical notions for probabilistic reasoning , including soundness , completeness justification ; and convergence : reduction of a theory to a simpler logical class . we argue that a bound view is especially useful for ←
→ toward word embedding for personalized information retrieval ; this paper presents preliminary works on using word embedding ( word2vec ) for query expansion in the context of personalized information retrieval . traditionally , word embeddings are learned on a general corpus , like wikipedia . in this work we try to personalize the word embeddings learning , by achieving the learning on the user ' s profile . the word embeddings are then in the same context than the user interests . our proposal is evaluated on the c ←
→ the n - tuple bandit evolutionary algorithm for automatic game improvement ; this paper describes a new evolutionary algorithm that is especially well suited to ai - assisted game design . the approach adopted in this paper is to use observations of ai agents playing the game to estimate the game ' s quality . some of best agents for this purpose are general video game ai agents , since they can be deployed directly on a new game without game - specific tuning ; these agents tend to be based on stochastic algorithms wh ←
→ effective scaling registration approach by imposing the emphasis on the scale factor ; this paper proposes an effective approach for the scaling registration of $ m $- d point sets . different from the rigid transformation , the scaling registration can not be formulated into the common least square function due to the ill - posed problem caused by the scale factor . therefore , this paper designs a novel objective function for the scaling registration problem . the appearance of this objective function is a ration ←
→ rectifying self organizing maps for automatic concept learning from web images ; we attack the problem of learning concepts automatically from noisy web image search results . going beyond low level attributes , such as colour and texture , we explore weakly - labelled datasets for the learning of higher level concepts , such as scene categories . the idea is based on discovering common characteristics shared among subsets of images by posing a method that is able to organise the data while eliminating irrelevan ←
→ spatial modeling of oil exploration areas using neural networks and anfis in gis ; exploration of hydrocarbon resources is a highly complicated and expensive process where various geological , geochemical and geophysical factors are developed then combined together . it is highly significant how to design the seismic data acquisition survey and locate the exploratory wells since incorrect or imprecise locations lead to waste of time and money during the operation . the objective of this study is to locate hi ←
→ deep quality : a deep no - reference quality assessment system ; image quality assessment ( iqa ) continues to garner great interest in the research community , particularly given the tremendous rise in consumer video capture and streaming . despite significant research effort in iqa in the past few decades , the area of no - reference image quality assessment remains a great challenge and is largely unsolved . in this paper , we propose a novel no - reference image quality assessment system called deep quality , which le ←
→ stance detection with bidirectional conditional encoding ; stance detection is the task of classifying the attitude expressed in a text towards a target such as hillary clinton to be " positive ", negative " or " neutral ". previous work has assumed that either the target is mentioned in the text or that training data for every target is given . this paper considers the more challenging version of this task , where targets are not always mentioned and no training data is available for the test targets . we experime ←
→ optimal computational trade - off of inexact proximal methods ; in this paper , we investigate the trade - off between convergence rate and computational cost when minimizing a composite functional with proximal - gradient methods , which are popular optimisation tools in machine learning . we consider the case when the proximity operator is computed via an iterative procedure , which provides an approximation of the exact proximity operator . in that case , we obtain algorithms with two nested loops . we show that the ←
→ ju_ks_group @ fire 2016 : consumer health information search ; in this paper , we describe the methodology used and the results obtained by us for completing the tasks given under the shared task on consumer health information search ( chis ) collocated with the forum for information retrieval evaluation ( fire ) 2016 , isi kolkata . the shared task consists of two sub - tasks - ( 1 ) task1 : given a query and a document / set of documents associated with that query , the task is to classify the sentences in the document as ←
→ understanding membership inferences on well - generalized learning models ; membership inference attack ( mia ) determines the presence of a record in a machine learning model ' s training data by querying the model . prior work has shown that the attack is feasible when the model is overfitted to its training data or when the adversary controls the training algorithm . however , when the model is not overfitted and the adversary does not control the training algorithm , the threat is not well understood . in this pap ←
→ addressee and response selection in multi - party conversations with speaker interaction rnns ; in this paper , we study the problem of addressee and response selection in multi - party conversations . understanding multi - party conversations is challenging because of complex speaker interactions : multiple speakers exchange messages with each other , playing different roles ( sender , addressee , observer ), and these roles vary across turns . to tackle this challenge , we propose the speaker interaction recurrent neur ←
→ robust hypothesis test for nonlinear effect with gaussian processes ; this work constructs a hypothesis test for detecting whether an data - generating function $ h : r ^ p \ rightarrow r $ belongs to a specific reproducing kernel hilbert space $\ mathcal { h } _0 $ , where the structure of $\ mathcal { h } _0 $ is only partially known . utilizing the theory of reproducing kernels , we reduce this hypothesis to a simple one - sided score test for a scalar parameter , develop a testing procedure that is robust against the mis - specif ←
→ a review of research on devnagari character recognition ; english character recognition ( cr ) has been extensively studied in the last half century and progressed to a level , sufficient to produce technology driven applications . but same is not the case for indian languages which are complicated in terms of structure and computations . rapidly growing computational power may enable the implementation of indic cr methodologies . digital document processing is gaining popularity for application to office and lib ←
→ solving $ k $- nearest neighbor problem on multiple graphics processors ; the recommendation system is a software system to predict customers ' unknown preferences from known preferences . in the recommendation system , customers ' preferences are encoded into vectors , and finding the nearest vectors to each vector is an essential part . this vector - searching part of the problem is called a $ k $- nearest neighbor problem . we give an effective algorithm to solve this problem on multiple graphics processor units ( gpus )←
→ interacting conceptual spaces i : grammatical composition of concepts ; the categorical compositional approach to meaning has been successfully applied in natural language processing , outperforming other models in mainstream empirical language processing tasks . we show how this approach can be generalized to conceptual space models of cognition . in order to do this , first we introduce the category of convex relations as a new setting for categorical compositional semantics , emphasizing the convex structure ←
→ transfer from multiple mdps ; transfer reinforcement learning ( rl ) methods leverage on the experience collected on a set of source tasks to speed - up rl algorithms . a simple and effective approach is to transfer samples from source tasks and include them into the training set used to solve a given target task . in this paper , we investigate the theoretical properties of this transfer method and we introduce novel algorithms adapting the transfer process on the basis of the similarity between source and target ←
→ stability conditions for online learnability ; stability is a general notion that quantifies the sensitivity of a learning algorithm ' s output to small change in the training dataset ( e . g . deletion or replacement of a single training sample ). such conditions have recently been shown to be more powerful to characterize learnability in the general learning setting under i . i . d . samples where uniform convergence is not necessary for learnability , but where stability is both sufficient and necessary for learnabil ←
→ extending similarity measures of interval type - 2 fuzzy sets to general type - 2 fuzzy sets ; similarity measures provide one of the core tools that enable reasoning about fuzzy sets . while many types of similarity measures exist for type - 1 and interval type - 2 fuzzy sets , there are very few similarity measures that enable the comparison of general type - 2 fuzzy sets . in this paper , we introduce a general method for extending existing interval type - 2 similarity measures to similarity measures for general type -←
→ unsupervised word segmentation and lexicon discovery using acoustic word embeddings ; in settings where only unlabelled speech data is available , speech technology needs to be developed without transcriptions , pronunciation dictionaries , or language modelling text . a similar problem is faced when modelling infant language acquisition . in these cases , categorical linguistic structure needs to be discovered directly from speech audio . we present a novel unsupervised bayesian model that segments unlabelled s ←
→ population - based respiratory 4d motion atlas construction and its application for vr simulations of liver punctures ; virtual reality ( vr ) training simulators of liver needle insertion in the hepatic area of breathing virtual patients currently need 4d data acquisitions as a prerequisite . here , first a population - based breathing virtual patient 4d atlas can be built and second the requirement of a dose - relevant or expensive acquisition of a 4d data set for a new static 3d patient can be mitigated by warpi ←
→ prioritised default logic as argumentation with partial order default priorities ; we express brewka ' s prioritised default logic ( pdl ) as argumentation using aspic +. by representing pdl as argumentation and designing an argument preference relation that takes the argument structure into account , we prove that the conclusions of the justified arguments correspond to the pdl extensions . we will first assume that the default priority is total , and then generalise to the case where it is a partial order . this ←
→ deterministic autopoietic automata ; this paper studies two issues related to the paper on computing by self - reproduction : autopoietic automata by jiri wiedermann . it is shown that all results presented there extend to deterministic computations . in particular , nondeterminism is not needed for a lineage to generate all autopoietic automata .←
→ stacked cross attention for image - text matching ; in this paper , we study the problem of image - text matching . inferring the latent semantic alignment between objects or other salient stuffs ( e . g . snow , sky , lawn ) and the corresponding words in sentences allows to capture fine - grained interplay between vision and language , and makes image - text matching more interpretable . prior works either simply aggregate the similarity of all possible pairs of regions and words without attending differentially to more and ←
→ discrete and fuzzy dynamical genetic programming in the xcsf learning classifier system ; a number of representation schemes have been presented for use within learning classifier systems , ranging from binary encodings to neural networks . this paper presents results from an investigation into using discrete and fuzzy dynamical system representations within the xcsf learning classifier system . in particular , asynchronous random boolean networks are used to represent the traditional condition - action product ←
→ seeded graph matching ; given two graphs , the graph matching problem is to align the two vertex sets so as to minimize the number of adjacency disagreements between the two graphs . the seeded graph matching problem is the graph matching problem when we are first given a partial alignment that we are tasked with completing . in this paper , we modify the state - of - the - art approximate graph matching algorithm " faq " of vogelstein et al . ( 2015 ) to make it a fast approximate seeded graph matching algorithm , adapt i ←
→ material recognition in the wild with the materials in context database ; recognizing materials in real - world images is a challenging task . real - world materials have rich surface texture , geometry , lighting conditions , and clutter , which combine to make the problem particularly difficult . in this paper , we introduce a new , large - scale , open dataset of materials in the wild , the materials in context database ( minc ), and combine this dataset with deep learning to achieve material recognition and segmentation ←
→ mutual kernel matrix completion ; with the huge influx of various data nowadays , extracting knowledge from them has become an interesting but tedious task among data scientists , particularly when the data come in heterogeneous form and have missing information . many data completion techniques had been introduced , especially in the advent of kernel methods . however , among the many data completion techniques available in the literature , studies about mutually completing several incomplete kernel matrices have ←
→ progressive reinforcement learning with distillation for multi - skilled motion control ; deep reinforcement learning has demonstrated increasing capabilities for continuous control problems , including agents that can move with skill and agility through their environment . an open problem in this setting is that of developing good strategies for integrating or merging policies for multiple skills , where each individual skill is a specialist in a specific skill and its associated state distribution . we extend ←
→ a novel feature selection and extraction technique for classification ; this paper presents a versatile technique for the purpose of feature selection and extraction - class dependent features ( cdfs ). we use cdfs to improve the accuracy of classification and at the same time control computational expense by tackling the curse of dimensionality . in order to demonstrate the generality of this technique , it is applied to handwritten digit recognition and text categorization .←
→ sdca without duality ; stochastic dual coordinate ascent is a popular method for solving regularized loss minimization for the case of convex losses . in this paper we show how a variant of sdca can be applied for non - convex losses . we prove linear convergence rate even if individual loss functions are non - convex as long as the expected loss is convex .←
→ an octree - based approach towards efficient variational range data fusion ; volume - based reconstruction is usually expensive both in terms of memory consumption and runtime . especially for sparse geometric structures , volumetric representations produce a huge computational overhead . we present an efficient way to fuse range data via a variational octree - based minimization approach by taking the actual range data geometry into account . we transform the data into octree - based truncated signed distance fields a ←
→ deep canonically correlated lstms ; we examine deep canonically correlated lstms as a way to learn nonlinear transformations of variable length sequences and embed them into a correlated , fixed dimensional space . we use lstms to transform multi - view time - series data non - linearly while learning temporal relationships within the data . we then perform correlation analysis on the outputs of these neural networks to find a correlated subspace through which we get our final representation via projection . this wor ←
→ good , better , best : choosing word embedding context ; we propose two methods of learning vector representations of words and phrases that each combine sentence context with structural features extracted from dependency trees . using several variations of neural network classifier , we show that these combined methods lead to improved performance when used as input features for supervised term - matching .←
→ can you find a face in a hevc bitstream ? ; finding faces in images is one of the most important tasks in computer vision , with applications in biometrics , surveillance , human - computer interaction , and other areas . in our earlier work , we demonstrated that it is possible to tell whether or not an image contains a face by only examining the hevc syntax , without fully reconstructing the image . in the present work we move further in this direction by showing how to localize faces in hevc - coded images , without f ←
→ optimizing human - interpretable dialog management policy using genetic algorithm ; automatic optimization of spoken dialog management policies that are robust to environmental noise has long been the goal for both academia and industry . approaches based on reinforcement learning have been proved to be effective . however , the numerical representation of dialog policy is human - incomprehensible and difficult for dialog system designers to verify or modify , which limits its practical application . in this paper ←
→ caffe : convolutional architecture for fast feature embedding ; caffe provides multimedia scientists and practitioners with a clean and modifiable framework for state - of - the - art deep learning algorithms and a collection of reference models . the framework is a bsd - licensed c ++ library with python and matlab bindings for training and deploying general - purpose convolutional neural networks and other deep models efficiently on commodity architectures . caffe fits industry and internet - scale media needs by cuda gp ←
→ brain tumor segmentation and radiomics survival prediction : contribution to the brats 2017 challenge ; quantitative analysis of brain tumors is critical for clinical decision making . while manual segmentation is tedious , time consuming and subjective , this task is at the same time very challenging to solve for automatic segmentation methods . in this paper we present our most recent effort on developing a robust segmentation algorithm in the form of a convolutional neural network . our network architecture ←
→ approximate dynamic programming by minimizing distributionally robust bounds ; approximate dynamic programming is a popular method for solving large markov decision processes . this paper describes a new class of approximate dynamic programming ( adp ) methods - distributionally robust adp - that address the curse of dimensionality by minimizing a pessimistic bound on the policy loss . this approach turns adp into an optimization problem , for which we derive new mathematical program formulations and analyze its ←
→ learning detectors of malicious web requests for intrusion detection in network traffic ; this paper proposes a generic classification system designed to detect security threats based on the behavior of malware samples . the system relies on statistical features computed from proxy log fields to train detectors using a database of malware samples . the behavior detectors serve as basic reusable building blocks of the multi - level detection architecture . the detectors identify malicious communication exploiti ←
→ population size predicts lexical diversity , but so does the mean sea level - why it is important to correctly account for the structure of temporal data ; in order to demonstrate why it is important to correctly account for the ( serial dependent ) structure of temporal data , we document an apparently spectacular relationship between population size and lexical diversity : for five out of seven investigated languages , there is a strong relationship between population size and lexical diversity of the prima ←
→ joint representation classification for collective face recognition ; sparse representation based classification ( src ) is popularly used in many applications such as face recognition , and implemented in two steps : representation coding and classification . for a given set of testing images , src codes every image over the base images as a sparse representation then classifies it to the class with the least representation error . this scheme utilizes an individual representation rather than the collective one t ←
→ prediction and modularity in dynamical systems ; identifying and understanding modular organizations is centrally important in the study of complex systems . several approaches to this problem have been advanced , many framed in information - theoretic terms . our treatment starts from the complementary point of view of statistical modeling and prediction of dynamical systems . it is known that for finite amounts of training data , simpler models can have greater predictive power than more complex ones . we use the ←
→ recasting residual - based local descriptors as convolutional neural networks : an application to image forgery detection ; local descriptors based on the image noise residual have proven extremely effective for a number of forensic applications , like forgery detection and localization . nonetheless , motivated by promising results in computer vision , the focus of the research community is now shifting on deep learning . in this paper we show that a class of residual - based descriptors can be actually regarded a ←
→ probabilistic default reasoning with conditional constraints ; we propose a combination of probabilistic reasoning from conditional constraints with approaches to default reasoning from conditional knowledge bases . in detail , we generalize the notions of pearl ' s entailment in system z , lehmann ' s lexicographic entailment , and geffner ' s conditional entailment to conditional constraints . we give some examples that show that the new notions of z -, lexicographic , and conditional entailment have similar propertie ←
→ zero - shot learning by convex combination of semantic embeddings ; several recent publications have proposed methods for mapping images into continuous semantic embedding spaces . in some cases the embedding space is trained jointly with the image transformation . in other cases the semantic embedding space is established by an independent natural language processing task , and then the image transformation into that space is learned in a second stage . proponents of these image embedding systems have stressed t ←
→ ensemble multi - task gaussian process regression with multiple latent processes ; multi - task / multi - output learning seeks to exploit correlation among tasks to enhance performance over learning or solving each task independently . in this paper , we investigate this problem in the context of gaussian processes ( gps ) and propose a new model which learns a mixture of latent processes by decomposing the covariance matrix into a sum of structured hidden components each of which is controlled by a latent gp over i ←
→ deep learning for logo recognition ; in this paper we propose a method for logo recognition using deep learning . our recognition pipeline is composed of a logo region proposal followed by a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) specifically trained for logo classification , even if they are not precisely localized . experiments are carried out on the flickrlogos - 32 database , and we evaluate the effect on recognition performance of synthetic versus real data augmentation , and image pre - processing . moreover , we sy ←
→ towards the effectiveness of deep convolutional neural network based fast random forest classifier ; deep learning is considered to be a quite young in the area of machine learning research , found its effectiveness in dealing complex yet high dimensional dataset that includes but limited to images , text and speech etc . with multiple levels of representation and abstraction . as there are a plethora of research on these datasets by various researchers , a win over them needs lots of attention . careful setti ←
→ on the role of canonicity in bottom - up knowledge compilation ; we consider the problem of bottom - up compilation of knowledge bases , which is usually predicated on the existence of a polytime function for combining compilations using boolean operators ( usually called an apply function ). while such a polytime apply function is known to exist for certain languages ( e . g ., obdds ) and not exist for others ( e . g ., dnnf ), its existence for certain languages remains unknown . among the latter is the recently introduce ←
→ latent semantics of action verbs reflect phonetic parameters of intensity and emotional content ; conjuring up our thoughts , language reflects statistical patterns of word co - occurrences which in turn come to describe how we perceive the world . whether counting how frequently nouns and verbs combine in google search queries , or extracting eigenvectors from term document matrices made up of wikipedia lines and shakespeare plots , the resulting latent semantics capture not only the associative links which fo ←
→ the capacity of string - replication systems ; it is known that the majority of the human genome consists of repeated sequences . furthermore , it is believed that a significant part of the rest of the genome also originated from repeated sequences and has mutated to its current form . in this paper , we investigate the possibility of constructing an exponentially large number of sequences from a short initial sequence and simple replication rules , including those resembling genomic replication processes . in othe ←
→ meta inverse reinforcement learning via maximum reward sharing for human motion analysis ; this work handles the inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) problem where only a small number of demonstrations are available from a demonstrator for each high - dimensional task , insufficient to estimate an accurate reward function . observing that each demonstrator has an inherent reward for each state and the task - specific behaviors mainly depend on a small number of key states , we propose a meta irl algorithm that f ←
→ zero - shot learning via joint latent similarity embedding ; zero - shot recognition ( zsr ) deals with the problem of predicting class labels for target domain instances based on source domain side information ( e . g . attributes ) of unseen classes . we formulate zsr as a binary prediction problem . our resulting classifier is class - independent . it takes an arbitrary pair of source and target domain instances as input and predicts whether or not they come from the same class , i . e . whether there is a match . we model t ←
→ a reconstruction error formulation for semi - supervised multi - task and multi - view learning ; a significant challenge to make learning techniques more suitable for general purpose use is to move beyond i ) complete supervision , ii ) low dimensional data , iii ) a single task and single view per instance . solving these challenges allows working with " big data " problems that are typically high dimensional with multiple ( but possibly incomplete ) labelings and views . while other work has addressed each of these pro ←
→ minding the gaps for block frank - wolfe optimization of structured svms ; in this paper , we propose several improvements on the block - coordinate frank - wolfe ( bcfw ) algorithm from lacoste - julien et al . ( 2013 ) recently used to optimize the structured support vector machine ( ssvm ) objective in the context of structured prediction , though it has wider applications . the key intuition behind our improvements is that the estimates of block gaps maintained by bcfw reveal the block suboptimality that can be used as a ←
→ is stack overflow overflowing with questions and tags ; programming question and answer ( q & a ) websites , such as quora , stack overflow , and yahoo ! answer etc . helps us to understand the programming concepts easily and quickly in a way that has been tested and applied by many software developers . stack overflow is one of the most frequently used programming q \& a website where the questions and answers posted are presently analyzed manually , which requires a huge amount of time and resource . to save the effo ←
→ a fuzzy logic based certain trust model for e - commerce ; trustworthiness especially for service oriented system is very important topic now a day in it field of the whole world . there are many successful e - commerce organizations presently run in the whole world , but e - commerce has not reached its full potential . the main reason behind this is lack of trust of people in e - commerce . again , proper models are still absent for calculating trust of different e - commerce organizations . most of the present trust mod ←
→ reasoning about entailment with neural attention ; while most approaches to automatically recognizing entailment relations have used classifiers employing hand engineered features derived from complex natural language processing pipelines , in practice their performance has been only slightly better than bag - of - word pair classifiers using only lexical similarity . the only attempt so far to build an end - to - end differentiable neural network for entailment failed to outperform such a simple similarity classifie ←
→ dynamical systems trees ; we propose dynamical systems trees ( dsts ) as a flexible class of models for describing multiple processes that interact via a hierarchy of aggregating parent chains . dsts extend kalman filters , hidden markov models and nonlinear dynamical systems to an interactive group scenario . various individual processes interact as communities and sub - communities in a tree structure that is unrolled in time . to accommodate nonlinear temporal activity , each individual leaf process is modeled as ←
→ bit - pragmatic deep neural network computing ; we quantify a source of ineffectual computations when processing the multiplications of the convolutional layers in deep neural networks ( dnns ) and propose pragmatic ( pra ), an architecture that exploits it improving performance and energy efficiency . the source of these ineffectual computations is best understood in the context of conventional multipliers which generate internally multiple terms , that is , products of the multiplicand and powers of two , which add ←
→ the helsinki neural machine translation system ; we introduce the helsinki neural machine translation system ( hnmt ) and how it is applied in the news translation task at wmt 2017 , where it ranked first in both the human and automatic evaluations for english -- finnish . we discuss the success of english -- finnish translations and the overall advantage of nmt over a strong smt baseline . we also discuss our submissions for english -- latvian , english -- chinese and chinese -- english .←
→ privacy preserving face retrieval in the cloud for mobile users ; recently , cloud storage and processing have been widely adopted . mobile users in one family or one team may automatically backup their photos to the same shared cloud storage space . the powerful face detector trained and provided by a 3rd party may be used to retrieve the photo collection which contains a specific group of persons from the cloud storage server . however , the privacy of the mobile users may be leaked to the cloud server provide ←
→ deep learning for multi - task medical image segmentation in multiple modalities ; automatic segmentation of medical images is an important task for many clinical applications . in practice , a wide range of anatomical structures are visualised using different imaging modalities . in this paper , we investigate whether a single convolutional neural network ( cnn ) can be trained to perform different segmentation tasks . a single cnn is trained to segment six tissues in mr brain images , the pectoral muscle in mr ←
→ real - time traffic signal control for modern roundabouts by using particle swarm optimization - based fuzzy controller ; due to that the existing traffic facilities can hardly be extended , developing traffic signal control methods is the most important way to improve the traffic efficiency of modern roundabouts . this paper proposes a novel traffic signal controller with two fuzzy layers for signalizing the roundabout . the outer layer of the controller computes urgency degrees of all the phase subsets and the ←
→ data driven resource allocation for distributed learning ; in distributed machine learning , data is dispatched to multiple machines for processing . motivated by the fact that similar data points often belong to the same or similar classes , and more generally , classification rules of high accuracy tend to be " locally simple but globally complex " ( vapnik & bottou 1993 ), we propose data dependent dispatching that takes advantage of such structure . we present an in - depth analysis of this model , providing new al ←
→ learning whenever learning is possible : universal learning under general stochastic processes ; this work initiates a general study of learning and generalization without the i . i . d . assumption , starting from first principles . while the standard approach to statistical learning theory is based on assumptions chosen largely for their convenience ( e . g ., i . i . d . or stationary ergodic ), in this work we are interested in developing a theory of learning based only on the most fundamental and natural assumptions i ←
→ a probabilistic methodology for multilabel classification ; multilabel classification is a relatively recent subfield of machine learning . unlike to the classical approach , where instances are labeled with only one category , in multilabel classification , an arbitrary number of categories is chosen to label an instance . due to the problem complexity ( the solution is one among an exponential number of alternatives ), a very common solution ( the binary method ) is frequently used , learning a binary classifier fo ←
→ a flexible iterative framework for consensus clustering ; a novel framework for consensus clustering is presented which has the ability to determine both the number of clusters and a final solution using multiple algorithms . a consensus similarity matrix is formed from an ensemble using multiple algorithms and several values for k . a variety of dimension reduction techniques and clustering algorithms are considered for analysis . for noisy or high - dimensional data , an iterative technique is presented to refi ←
→ a dual framework for trace norm regularized low - rank tensor completion ; one of the popular approaches for low - rank tensor completion is to use the latent trace norm as a low - rank regularizer . however , most of the existing works learn a sparse combination of tensors . in this work , we fill this gap by proposing a variant of the latent trace norm which helps to learn a non - sparse combination of tensors . we develop a dual framework for solving the problem of latent trace norm regularized low - rank tensor comple ←
→ a combinatorial algebraic approach for the identifiability of low - rank matrix completion ; in this paper , we review the problem of matrix completion and expose its intimate relations with algebraic geometry , combinatorics and graph theory . we present the first necessary and sufficient combinatorial conditions for matrices of arbitrary rank to be identifiable from a set of matrix entries , yielding theoretical constraints and new algorithms for the problem of matrix completion . we conclude by algorithmicall ←
→ pso - mismo modeling strategy for multi - step - ahead time series prediction ; multi - step - ahead time series prediction is one of the most challenging research topics in the field of time series modeling and prediction , and is continually under research . recently , the multiple - input several multiple - outputs ( mismo ) modeling strategy has been proposed as a promising alternative for multi - step - ahead time series prediction , exhibiting advantages compared with the two currently dominating strategies , the iterated and ←
→ answer set programming for stream reasoning ; the advance of internet and sensor technology has brought about new challenges evoked by the emergence of continuous data streams . beyond rapid data processing , application areas like ambient assisted living , robotics , or dynamic scheduling involve complex reasoning tasks . we address such scenarios and elaborate upon approaches to knowledge - intense stream reasoning , based on answer set programming ( asp ). while traditional asp methods are devised for singular pro ←
→ block dct filtering using vector processing ; filtering is an important issue in signals and images processing . many images and videos are compressed using discrete cosine transform ( dct ). for reducing the computation complexity , we are interested in filtering block and images directly in dct domain . this article proposed an efficient and yet very simple filtering method directly in dct domain for any symmetric , asymmetric , separable , inseparable and one or two dimensional filter . the proposed method is ach ←
→ 3dunderworld - sls : an open - source structured - light scanning system for rapid geometry acquisition ; recently , there has been an increase in the demand of virtual 3d objects representing real - life objects . a plethora of methods and systems have already been proposed for the acquisition of the geometry of real - life objects ranging from those which employ active sensor technology , passive sensor technology or a combination of various techniques . in this paper we present the development of a 3d scanning syst ←
→ recent advances in features extraction and description algorithms : a comprehensive survey ; computer vision is one of the most active research fields in information technology today . giving machines and robots the ability to see and comprehend the surrounding world at the speed of sight creates endless potential applications and opportunities . feature detection and description algorithms can be indeed considered as the retina of the eyes of such machines and robots . however , these algorithms are typically ←
→ two timescale stochastic approximation with controlled markov noise and off - policy temporal difference learning ; we present for the first time an asymptotic convergence analysis of two time - scale stochastic approximation driven by ` controlled ' markov noise . in particular , both the faster and slower recursions have non - additive controlled markov noise components in addition to martingale difference noise . we analyze the asymptotic behavior of our framework by relating it to limiting differential inclusion ←
→ recent advances in recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are capable of learning features and long term dependencies from sequential and time - series data . the rnns have a stack of non - linear units where at least one connection between units forms a directed cycle . a well - trained rnn can model any dynamical system ; however , training rnns is mostly plagued by issues in learning long - term dependencies . in this paper , we present a survey on rnns and several new advances for newcomers and ←
→ compact representations by finite - state transducers ; finite - state transducers give efficient representations of many natural language phenomena . they allow to account for complex lexicon restrictions encountered , without involving the use of a large set of complex rules difficult to analyze . we here show that these representations can be made very compact , indicate how to perform the corresponding minimization , and point out interesting linguistic side - effects of this operation .←
→ revisiting the effectiveness of off - the - shelf temporal modeling approaches for large - scale video classification ; this paper describes our solution for the video recognition task of activitynet kinetics challenge that ranked the 1st place . most of existing state - of - the - art video recognition approaches are in favor of an end - to - end pipeline . one exception is the framework of devnet . the merit of devnet is that they first use the video data to learn a network ( i . e . fine - tuning or training from scratch ). ins ←
→ extended rdf as a semantic foundation of rule markup languages ; ontologies and automated reasoning are the building blocks of the semantic web initiative . derivation rules can be included in an ontology to define derived concepts , based on base concepts . for example , rules allow to define the extension of a class or property , based on a complex relation between the extensions of the same or other classes and properties . on the other hand , the inclusion of negative information both in the form of negation - a ←
→ cavs : a vertex - centric programming interface for dynamic neural networks ; recent deep learning ( dl ) models have moved beyond static network architectures to dynamic ones , handling data where the network structure changes every example , such as sequences of variable lengths , trees , and graphs . existing dataflow - based programming models for dl --- both static and dynamic declaration --- either cannot readily express these dynamic models , or are inefficient due to repeated dataflow graph construction and processi ←
→ reasoning about expectation ; expectation is a central notion in probability theory . the notion of expectation also makes sense for other notions of uncertainty . we introduce a propositional logic for reasoning about expectation , where the semantics depends on the underlying representation of uncertainty . we give sound and complete axiomatizations for the logic in the case that the underlying representation is ( a ) probability , ( b ) sets of probability measures , ( c ) belief functions , and ( d ) possibility measu ←
→ sparse generalized eigenvalue problem : optimal statistical rates via truncated rayleigh flow ; sparse generalized eigenvalue problem plays a pivotal role in a large family of high - dimensional learning tasks , including sparse fisher ' s discriminant analysis , canonical correlation analysis , and sufficient dimension reduction . however , the theory of sparse generalized eigenvalue problem remains largely unexplored . in this paper , we exploit a non - convex optimization perspective to study this problem . in partic ←
→ belief revision in the propositional closure of a qualitative algebra ; belief revision is an operation that aims at modifying old be - liefs so that they become consistent with new ones . the issue of belief revision has been studied in various formalisms , in particular , in qualitative algebras ( qas ) in which the result is a disjunction of belief bases that is not necessarily repre - sentable in a qa . this motivates the study of belief revision in formalisms extending qas , namely , their propositional clo - sures :←
→ semi - supervised logistic discrimination for functional data ; multi - class classification methods based on both labeled and unlabeled functional data sets are discussed . we present a semi - supervised logistic model for classification in the context of functional data analysis . unknown parameters in our proposed model are estimated by regularization with the help of em algorithm . a crucial point in the modeling procedure is the choice of a regularization parameter involved in the semi - supervised functional log ←
→ unshredding of shredded documents : computational framework and implementation ; a shredded document $ d $ is a document whose pages have been cut into strips for the purpose of destroying private , confidential , or sensitive information $ i $ contained in $ d $. shredding has become a standard means of government organizations , businesses , and private individuals to destroy archival records that have been officially classified for disposal . it can also be used to destroy documentary evidence of wrongdoings by en ←
→ an optimized union - find algorithm for connected components labeling using gpus ; in this paper , we report an optimized union - find ( uf ) algorithm that can label the connected components on a 2d image efficiently by employing the gpu architecture . the proposed method contains three phases : uf - based local merge , boundary analysis , and link . the coarse labeling in local merge reduces the number atomic operations , while the boundary analysis only manages the pixels on the boundary of each block . evaluation res ←
→ iterative shrinkage approach to restoration of optical imagery ; the problem of reconstruction of digital images from their degraded measurements is regarded as a problem of central importance in various fields of engineering and imaging sciences . in such cases , the degradation is typically caused by the resolution limitations of an imaging device in use and / or by the destructive influence of measurement noise . specifically , when the noise obeys a poisson probability law , standard approaches to the problem ←
→ deeply - supervised cnn for prostate segmentation ; prostate segmentation from magnetic resonance ( mr ) images plays an important role in image guided interven - tion . however , the lack of clear boundary specifically at the apex and base , and huge variation of shape and texture between the images from different patients make the task very challenging . to overcome these problems , in this paper , we propose a deeply supervised convolutional neural network ( cnn ) utilizing the convolutional information to accurately ←
→ restricted deformable convolution based road scene semantic segmentation using surround view cameras ; understanding the surrounding environment of the vehicle is still one of the challenges for autonomous driving . this paper addresses 360 - degree road scene semantic segmentation using surround view cameras , which are widely equipped in existing production cars . first , in order to address large distortion problem in the fisheye images , restricted deformable convolution ( rdc ) is proposed for semantic segmen ←
→ where fail - safe default logics fail ; reiter ' s original definition of default logic allows for the application of a default that contradicts a previously applied one . we call failure this condition . the possibility of generating failures has been in the past considered as a semantical problem , and variants have been proposed to solve it . we show that it is instead a computational feature that is needed to encode some domains into default logic .←
→ massively parallel methods for deep reinforcement learning ; we present the first massively distributed architecture for deep reinforcement learning . this architecture uses four main components : parallel actors that generate new behaviour ; parallel learners that are trained from stored experience ; a distributed neural network to represent the value function or behaviour policy ; and a distributed store of experience . we used our architecture to implement the deep q - network algorithm ( dqn ). our distributed al ←
→ budgeted influence maximization for multiple products ; the typical algorithmic problem in viral marketing aims to identify a set of influential users in a social network , who , when convinced to adopt a product , shall influence other users in the network and trigger a large cascade of adoptions . however , the host ( the owner of an online social platform ) often faces more constraints than a single product , endless user attentions , unlimited budget and unbounded time ; in reality , multiple products need to be a ←
→ modeling object oriented constraint programs in z ; object oriented constraint programs ( oocps ) emerge as a leading evolution of constraint programming and artificial intelligence , first applied to a range of industrial applications called configuration problems . the rich variety of technical approaches to solving configuration problems ( clp ( fd ), cc ( fd ), dcsp , terminological systems , constraint programs with set variables ...) is a source of difficulty . no universally accepted formal language exists for com ←
→ joint embeddings of hierarchical categories and entities ; due to the lack of structured knowledge applied in learning distributed representation of categories , existing work cannot incorporate category hierarchies into entity information .~ we propose a framework that embeds entities and categories into a semantic space by integrating structured knowledge and taxonomy hierarchy from large knowledge bases . the framework allows to compute meaningful semantic relatedness between entities and categories .~ compare ←
→ deep learning for universal linear embeddings of nonlinear dynamics ; identifying coordinate transformations that make strongly nonlinear dynamics approximately linear is a central challenge in modern dynamical systems . these transformations have the potential to enable prediction , estimation , and control of nonlinear systems using standard linear theory . the koopman operator has emerged as a leading data - driven embedding , as eigenfunctions of this operator provide intrinsic coordinates that globally linear ←
→ demystifying deep learning : a geometric approach to iterative projections ; parametric approaches to learning , such as deep learning ( dl ), are highly popular in nonlinear regression , in spite of their extremely difficult training with their increasing complexity ( e . g . number of layers in dl ). in this paper , we present an alternative semi - parametric framework which foregoes the ordinarily required feedback , by introducing the novel idea of geometric regularization . we show that certain deep learning techni ←
→ learning values across many orders of magnitude ; most learning algorithms are not invariant to the scale of the function that is being approximated . we propose to adaptively normalize the targets used in learning . this is useful in value - based reinforcement learning , where the magnitude of appropriate value approximations can change over time when we update the policy of behavior . our main motivation is prior work on learning to play atari games , where the rewards were all clipped to a predetermined range .←
→ two - stage sampled learning theory on distributions ; we focus on the distribution regression problem : regressing to a real - valued response from a probability distribution . although there exist a large number of similarity measures between distributions , very little is known about their generalization performance in specific learning tasks . learning problems formulated on distributions have an inherent two - stage sampled difficulty : in practice only samples from sampled distributions are observable , and one h ←
→ basis identification for automatic creation of pronunciation lexicon for proper names ; development of a proper names pronunciation lexicon is usually a manual effort which can not be avoided . grapheme to phoneme ( g2p ) conversion modules , in literature , are usually rule based and work best for non - proper names in a particular language . proper names are foreign to a g2p module . we follow an optimization approach to enable automatic construction of proper names pronunciation lexicon . the idea is to construc ←
→ error rate bounds and iterative weighted majority voting for crowdsourcing ; crowdsourcing has become an effective and popular tool for human - powered computation to label large datasets . since the workers can be unreliable , it is common in crowdsourcing to assign multiple workers to one task , and to aggregate the labels in order to obtain results of high quality . in this paper , we provide finite - sample exponential bounds on the error rate ( in probability and in expectation ) of general aggregation rules un ←
→ learning from noisy large - scale datasets with minimal supervision ; we present an approach to effectively use millions of images with noisy annotations in conjunction with a small subset of cleanly - annotated images to learn powerful image representations . one common approach to combine clean and noisy data is to first pre - train a network using the large noisy dataset and then fine - tune with the clean dataset . we show this approach does not fully leverage the information contained in the clean set . thus , we ←
→ linking tweets with monolingual and cross - lingual news using transformed word embeddings ; social media platforms have grown into an important medium to spread information about an event published by the traditional media , such as news articles . grouping such diverse sources of information that discuss the same topic in varied perspectives provide new insights . but the gap in word usage between informal social media content such as tweets and diligently written content ( e . g . news articles ) make such assem ←
→ constant time expected similarity estimation using stochastic optimization ; a new algorithm named expected similarity estimation ( expose ) was recently proposed to solve the problem of large - scale anomaly detection . it is a non - parametric and distribution free kernel method based on the hilbert space embedding of probability measures . given a dataset of $ n $ samples , expose needs only $\ mathcal { o }( n )$ ( linear time ) to build a model and $\ mathcal { o }( 1 )$ ( constant time ) to make a prediction . in this work we ←
→ an improved gap - dependency analysis of the noisy power method ; we consider the noisy power method algorithm , which has wide applications in machine learning and statistics , especially those related to principal component analysis ( pca ) under resource ( communication , memory or privacy ) constraints . existing analysis of the noisy power method shows an unsatisfactory dependency over the " consecutive " spectral gap $(\ sigma_k -\ sigma_ { k + 1 })$ of an input data matrix , which could be very small and hence limits the ←
→ learning mixtures of gaussians in high dimensions ; efficiently learning mixture of gaussians is a fundamental problem in statistics and learning theory . given samples coming from a random one out of k gaussian distributions in rn , the learning problem asks to estimate the means and the covariance matrices of these gaussians . this learning problem arises in many areas ranging from the natural sciences to the social sciences , and has also found many machine learning applications . unfortunately , learning mixt ←
→ parallel markov chain monte carlo for the indian buffet process ; indian buffet process based models are an elegant way for discovering underlying features within a data set , but inference in such models can be slow . inferring underlying features using markov chain monte carlo either relies on an uncollapsed representation , which leads to poor mixing , or on a collapsed representation , which leads to a quadratic increase in computational complexity . existing attempts at distributing inference have introduced ←
→ exploring compact reinforcement - learning representations with linear regression ; this paper presents a new algorithm for online linear regression whose efficiency guarantees satisfy the requirements of the kwik ( knows what it knows ) framework . the algorithm improves on the complexity bounds of the current state - of - the - art procedure in this setting . we explore several applications of this algorithm for learning compact reinforcement - learning representations . we show that kwik linear regression can be used ←
→ learning image transformations without training examples ; the use of image transformations is essential for efficient modeling and learning of visual data . but the class of relevant transformations is large : affine transformations , projective transformations , elastic deformations , ... the list goes on . therefore , learning these transformations , rather than hand coding them , is of great conceptual interest . to the best of our knowledge , all the related work so far has been concerned with either supervised o ←
→ piecewise linear patch reconstruction for segmentation and description of non - smooth image structures ; in this paper , we propose a unified energy minimization model for the segmentation of non - smooth image structures . the energy of piecewise linear patch reconstruction is considered as an objective measure of the quality of the segmentation of non - smooth structures . the segmentation is achieved by minimizing the single energy without any separate process of feature extraction . we also prove that the erro ←
→ how would surround vehicles move ? a unified framework for maneuver classification and motion prediction ; reliable prediction of surround vehicle motion is a critical requirement for path planning for autonomous vehicles . in this paper we propose a unified framework for surround vehicle maneuver classification and motion prediction that exploits multiple cues , namely , the estimated motion of vehicles , an understanding of typical motion patterns of freeway traffic and inter - vehicle interaction . we report o ←
→ neural networks for information retrieval ; machine learning plays a role in many aspects of modern ir systems , and deep learning is applied in all of them . the fast pace of modern - day research has given rise to many different approaches for many different ir problems . the amount of information available can be overwhelming both for junior students and for experienced researchers looking for new research topics and directions . additionally , it is interesting to see what key insights into ir problems the new ←
→ adversarial autoencoders ; in this paper , we propose the " adversarial autoencoder " ( aae ), which is a probabilistic autoencoder that uses the recently proposed generative adversarial networks ( gan ) to perform variational inference by matching the aggregated posterior of the hidden code vector of the autoencoder with an arbitrary prior distribution . matching the aggregated posterior to the prior ensures that generating from any part of prior space results in meaningful samples . as a result , the decoder of the ←
→ bi - directional attention with agreement for dependency parsing ; we develop a novel bi - directional attention model for dependency parsing , which learns to agree on headword predictions from the forward and backward parsing directions . the parsing procedure for each direction is formulated as sequentially querying the memory component that stores continuous headword embeddings . the proposed parser makes use of {\ it soft } headword embeddings , allowing the model to implicitly capture high - order parsing history ←
→ particle swarm optimization framework for low power testing of vlsi circuits ; power dissipation in sequential circuits is due to increased toggling count of circuit under test , which depends upon test vectors applied . if successive test vectors sequences have more toggling nature then it is sure that toggling rate of flip flops is higher . higher toggling for flip flops results more power dissipation . to overcome this problem , one method is to use ga to have test vectors of high fault coverage in short in ←
→ playing mastermind with constant - size memory ; we analyze the classic board game of mastermind with $ n $ holes and a constant number of colors . a result of chv \' atal ( combinatorica 3 ( 1983 ), 325 - 329 ) states that the codebreaker can find the secret code with $\ theta ( n / \ log n )$ questions . we show that this bound remains valid if the codebreaker may only store a constant number of guesses and answers . in addition to an intrinsic interest in this question , our result also disproves a conjecture of droste , jans ←
→ relational similarity machines ; this paper proposes relational similarity machines ( rsm ): a fast , accurate , and flexible relational learning framework for supervised and semi - supervised learning tasks . despite the importance of relational learning , most existing methods are hard to adapt to different settings , due to issues with efficiency , scalability , accuracy , and flexibility for handling a wide variety of classification problems , data , constraints , and tasks . for instance , many existing methods perform ←
→ dialog state tracking , a machine reading approach using memory network ; in an end - to - end dialog system , the aim of dialog state tracking is to accurately estimate a compact representation of the current dialog status from a sequence of noisy observations produced by the speech recognition and the natural language understanding modules . this paper introduces a novel method of dialog state tracking based on the general paradigm of machine reading and proposes to solve it using an end - to - end memory network , m ←
→ digital genesis : computers , evolution and artificial life ; the application of evolution in the digital realm , with the goal of creating artificial intelligence and artificial life , has a history as long as that of the digital computer itself . we illustrate the intertwined history of these ideas , starting with the early theoretical work of john von neumann and the pioneering experimental work of nils aall barricelli . we argue that evolutionary thinking and artificial life will continue to play an integral r ←
→ speaker diarization using deep recurrent convolutional neural networks for speaker embeddings ; in this paper we propose a new method of speaker diarization that employs a deep learning architecture to learn speaker embeddings . in contrast to the traditional approaches that build their speaker embeddings using manually hand - crafted spectral features , we propose to train for this purpose a recurrent convolutional neural network applied directly on magnitude spectrograms . to compare our approach with the st ←
→ randomized structural sparsity based support identification with applications to locating activated or discriminative brain areas : a multi - center reproducibility study ; in this paper , we focus on how to locate the relevant or discriminative brain regions related with external stimulus or certain mental decease , which is also called support identification , based on the neuroimaging data . the main difficulty lies in the extremely high dimensional voxel space and relatively few training samples , easily re ←
→ topic modeling of behavioral modes using sensor data ; the field of movement ecology , like so many other fields , is experiencing a period of rapid growth in availability of data . as the volume rises , traditional methods are giving way to machine learning and data science , which are playing an increasingly large part it turning this data into science - driving insights . one rich and interesting source is the bio - logger . these small electronic wearable devices are attached to animals free to roam in their natur ←
→ learning complexity dimensions for a continuous - time control system ; this paper takes a computational learning theory approach to a problem of linear systems identification . it is assumed that input signals have only a finite number k of frequency components , and systems to be identified have dimension no greater than n . the main result establishes that the sample complexity needed for identification scales polynomially with n and logarithmically with k .←
→ declarative modeling and bayesian inference of dark matter halos ; probabilistic programming allows specification of probabilistic models in a declarative manner . recently , several new software systems and languages for probabilistic programming have been developed on the basis of newly developed and improved methods for approximate inference in probabilistic models . in this contribution a probabilistic model for an idealized dark matter localization problem is described . we first derive the probabilistic m ←
→ online multi - armed bandit ; we introduce a novel variant of the multi - armed bandit problem , in which bandits are streamed one at a time to the player , and at each point , the player can either choose to pull the current bandit or move on to the next bandit . once a player has moved on from a bandit , they may never visit it again , which is a crucial difference between our problem and classic multi - armed bandit problems . in this online context , we study bernoulli bandits ( bandits with payout ber ($ p_i $) for some ←
→ competitive multi - scale convolution ; in this paper , we introduce a new deep convolutional neural network ( convnet ) module that promotes competition among a set of multi - scale convolutional filters . this new module is inspired by the inception module , where we replace the original collaborative pooling stage ( consisting of a concatenation of the multi - scale filter outputs ) by a competitive pooling represented by a maxout activation unit . this extension has the following two objectives : 1 ) the selection of t ←
→ modeling chaotic behavior of stock indices using intelligent paradigms ; the use of intelligent systems for stock market predictions has been widely established . in this paper , we investigate how the seemingly chaotic behavior of stock markets could be well represented using several connectionist paradigms and soft computing techniques . to demonstrate the different techniques , we considered nasdaq - 100 index of nasdaq stock markets and the s & p cnx nifty stock index . we analyzed 7 year ' s nasdaq 100 main index ←
→ automating the dispute resolution in task dependency network ; when perturbation or unexpected events do occur , agents need protocols for repairing or reforming the supply chain . unfortunate contingency could increase too much the cost of performance , while breaching the current contract may be more efficient . in our framework the principles of contract law are applied to set penalties : expectation damages , opportunity cost , reliance damages , and party design remedies , and they are introduced in the task de ←
→ improvised salient object detection and manipulation ; in case of salient subject recognition , computer algorithms have been heavily relied on scanning of images from top - left to bottom - right systematically and apply brute - force when attempting to locate objects of interest . thus , the process turns out to be quite time consuming . here a novel approach and a simple solution to the above problem is discussed . in this paper , we implement an approach to object manipulation and detection through segmentation map ←
→ edge detection based on morphological amoebas ; detecting the edges of objects within images is critical for quality image processing . we present an edge - detecting technique that uses morphological amoebas that adjust their shape based on variation in image contours . we evaluate the method both quantitatively and qualitatively for edge detection of images , and compare it to classic morphological methods . our amoeba - based edge - detection system performed better than the classic edge detectors .←
→ cycada : cycle - consistent adversarial domain adaptation ; domain adaptation is critical for success in new , unseen environments . adversarial adaptation models applied in feature spaces discover domain invariant representations , but are difficult to visualize and sometimes fail to capture pixel - level and low - level domain shifts . recent work has shown that generative adversarial networks combined with cycle - consistency constraints are surprisingly effective at mapping images between domains , even without the u ←
→ simple search algorithms on semantic networks learned from language use ; recent empirical and modeling research has focused on the semantic fluency task because it is informative about semantic memory . an interesting interplay arises between the richness of representations in semantic memory and the complexity of algorithms required to process it . it has remained an open question whether representations of words and their relations learned from language use can enable a simple search algorithm to mimic the ←
→ the role of tuning uncertain inference systems ; this study examined the effects of " tuning " the parameters of the incremental function of mycin , the independent function of prospector , a probability model that assumes independence , and a simple additive linear equation . me parameters of each of these models were optimized to provide solutions which most nearly approximated those from a full probability model for a large set of simple networks . surprisingly , mycin , prospector , and the linear equation perfor ←
→ the information bottleneck and geometric clustering ; the information bottleneck ( ib ) approach to clustering takes a joint distribution $ p \!\ left ( x , y \ right )$ and maps the data $ x $ to cluster labels $ t $ which retain maximal information about $ y $ ( tishby et al ., 1999 ). this objective results in an algorithm that clusters data points based upon the similarity of their conditional distributions $ p \!\ left ( y \ mid x \ right )$. this is in contrast to classic " geometric clustering " algorithms such as $ k $- means and gaus ←
→ leveraging video descriptions to learn video question answering ; we propose a scalable approach to learn video - based question answering ( qa ): answer a " free - form natural language question " about a video content . our approach automatically harvests a large number of videos and descriptions freely available online . then , a large number of candidate qa pairs are automatically generated from descriptions rather than manually annotated . next , we use these candidate qa pairs to train a number of video - based qa m ←
→ variational deep embedding : an unsupervised and generative approach to clustering ; clustering is among the most fundamental tasks in computer vision and machine learning . in this paper , we propose variational deep embedding ( vade ), a novel unsupervised generative clustering approach within the framework of variational auto - encoder ( vae ). specifically , vade models the data generative procedure with a gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) and a deep neural network ( dnn ): 1 ) the gmm picks a cluster ; 2 ) from which a ←
→ a web of hate : tackling hateful speech in online social spaces ; online social platforms are beset with hateful speech - content that expresses hatred for a person or group of people . such content can frighten , intimidate , or silence platform users , and some of it can inspire other users to commit violence . despite widespread recognition of the problems posed by such content , reliable solutions even for detecting hateful speech are lacking . in the present work , we establish why keyword - based methods are ins ←
→ on a model for integrated information ; in this paper we give a thorough presentation of a model proposed by tononi et al . for modeling \ emph { integrated information }, i . e . how much information is generated in a system transitioning from one state to the next one by the causal interaction of its parts and \ emph { above and beyond } the information given by the sum of its parts . we also provides a more general formulation of such a model , independent from the time chosen for the analysis and from the uniformity ←
→ beating the world ' s best at super smash bros . with deep reinforcement learning ; there has been a recent explosion in the capabilities of game - playing artificial intelligence . many classes of rl tasks , from atari games to motor control to board games , are now solvable by fairly generic algorithms , based on deep learning , that learn to play from experience with minimal knowledge of the specific domain of interest . in this work , we will investigate the performance of these methods on super smash bros . melee ←
→ learning discrete bayesian networks from continuous data ; real data often contains a mixture of discrete and continuous variables , but many bayesian network structure learning and inference algorithms assume all random variables are discrete . continuous variables are often discretized , but the choice of discretization policy has significant impact on the accuracy , speed , and interpretability of the resulting models . this paper introduces a principled bayesian discretization method for continuous variables ←
→ learning scene gist with convolutional neural networks to improve object recognition ; advancements in convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have made significant strides toward achieving high performance levels on multiple object recognition tasks . while some approaches utilize information from the entire scene to propose regions of interest , the task of interpreting a particular region or object is still performed independently of other objects and features in the image . here we demonstrate that a scene '←
→ structured training for neural network transition - based parsing ; we present structured perceptron training for neural network transition - based dependency parsing . we learn the neural network representation using a gold corpus augmented by a large number of automatically parsed sentences . given this fixed network representation , we learn a final layer using the structured perceptron with beam - search decoding . on the penn treebank , our parser reaches 94 . 26 % unlabeled and 92 . 41 % labeled attachment accuracy , w ←
→ unsupervised representation learning of structured radio communication signals ; we explore unsupervised representation learning of radio communication signals in raw sampled time series representation . we demonstrate that we can learn modulation basis functions using convolutional autoencoders and visually recognize their relationship to the analytic bases used in digital communications . we also propose and evaluate quantitative met - rics for quality of encoding using domain relevant performance metrics .←
→ annotating and modeling empathy in spoken conversations ; empathy , as defined in behavioral sciences , expresses the ability of human beings to recognize , understand and react to emotions , attitudes and beliefs of others . the lack of an operational definition of empathy makes it difficult to measure it . in this paper , we address two related problems in automatic affective behavior analysis : the design of the annotation protocol and the automatic recognition of empathy from spoken conversations . we propose an ←
→ visual genome : connecting language and vision using crowdsourced dense image annotations ; despite progress in perceptual tasks such as image classification , computers still perform poorly on cognitive tasks such as image description and question answering . cognition is core to tasks that involve not just recognizing , but reasoning about our visual world . however , models used to tackle the rich content in images for cognitive tasks are still being trained using the same datasets designed for perceptual ta ←
→ a multiagent urban traffic simulation . part ii : dealing with the extraordinary ; in probabilistic risk management , risk is characterized by two quantities : the magnitude ( or severity ) of the adverse consequences that can potentially result from the given activity or action , and by the likelihood of occurrence of the given adverse consequences . but a risk seldom exists in isolation : chain of consequences must be examined , as the outcome of one risk can increase the likelihood of other risks . systemic theor ←
→ distributed online learning of event definitions ; logic - based event recognition systems infer occurrences of events in time using a set of event definitions in the form of first - order rules . the event calculus is a temporal logic that has been used as a basis in event recognition applications , providing among others , direct connections to machine learning , via inductive logic programming ( ilp ). oled is a recently proposed ilp system that learns event definitions in the form of event calculus theories , in a ←
→ a survey on deep learning in medical image analysis ; deep learning algorithms , in particular convolutional networks , have rapidly become a methodology of choice for analyzing medical images . this paper reviews the major deep learning concepts pertinent to medical image analysis and summarizes over 300 contributions to the field , most of which appeared in the last year . we survey the use of deep learning for image classification , object detection , segmentation , registration , and other tasks and provide conc ←
→ local rademacher complexity bounds based on covering numbers ; this paper provides a general result on controlling local rademacher complexities , which captures in an elegant form to relate the complexities with constraint on the expected norm to the corresponding ones with constraint on the empirical norm . this result is convenient to apply in real applications and could yield refined local rademacher complexity bounds for function classes satisfying general entropy conditions . we demonstrate the power of ←
→ an actor - critic contextual bandit algorithm for personalized mobile health interventions ; increasing technological sophistication and widespread use of smartphones and wearable devices provide opportunities for innovative and highly personalized health interventions . a just - in - time adaptive intervention ( jitai ) uses real - time data collection and communication capabilities of modern mobile devices to deliver interventions in real - time that are adapted to the in - the - moment needs of the user . the lack of me ←
→ deep fried convnets ; the fully connected layers of a deep convolutional neural network typically contain over 90 % of the network parameters , and consume the majority of the memory required to store the network parameters . reducing the number of parameters while preserving essentially the same predictive performance is critically important for operating deep neural networks in memory constrained environments such as gpus or embedded devices . in this paper we show how kernel methods , in particular a single ←
→ toward automatic understanding of the function of affective language in support groups ; understanding expressions of emotions in support forums has considerable value and nlp methods are key to automating this . many approaches understandably use subjective categories which are more fine - grained than a straightforward polarity - based spectrum . however , the definition of such categories is non - trivial and , in fact , we argue for a need to incorporate communicative elements even beyond subjectivity . to suppor ←
→ on adaptive estimation for dynamic bernoulli bandits ; the multi - armed bandit ( mab ) problem is a classic example of the exploration - exploitation dilemma . it is concerned with maximising the total rewards for a gambler by sequentially pulling an arm from a multi - armed slot machine where each arm is associated with a reward distribution . in static mabs , the reward distributions do not change over time , while in dynamic mabs , each arm ' s reward distribution can change , and the optimal arm can switch over time . ←
→ predicting near - future churners and win - backs in the telecommunications industry ; in this work , we presented the strategies and techniques that we have developed for predicting the near - future churners and win - backs for a telecom company . on a large - scale and real - world database containing customer profiles and some transaction data from a telecom company , we first analyzed the data schema , developed feature computation strategies and then extracted a large set of relevant features that can be associated ←
→ improving neural machine translation models with monolingual data ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) has obtained state - of - the art performance for several language pairs , while only using parallel data for training . target - side monolingual data plays an important role in boosting fluency for phrase - based statistical machine translation , and we investigate the use of monolingual data for nmt . in contrast to previous work , which combines nmt models with separately trained language models , we note that encoder ←
→ visualbackprop : efficient visualization of cnns ; this paper proposes a new method , that we call visualbackprop , for visualizing which sets of pixels of the input image contribute most to the predictions made by the convolutional neural network ( cnn ). the method heavily hinges on exploring the intuition that the feature maps contain less and less irrelevant information to the prediction decision when moving deeper into the network . the technique we propose was developed as a debugging tool for cnn - based sys ←
→ episodic memory for continual model learning ; both the human brain and artificial learning agents operating in real - world or comparably complex environments are faced with the challenge of online model selection . in principle this challenge can be overcome : hierarchical bayesian inference provides a principled method for model selection and it converges on the same posterior for both off - line ( i . e . batch ) and online learning . however , maintaining a parameter posterior for each model in parallel has in gene ←
→ hybrid coding of visual content and local image features ; distributed visual analysis applications , such as mobile visual search or visual sensor networks ( vsns ) require the transmission of visual content on a bandwidth - limited network , from a peripheral node to a processing unit . traditionally , a compress - then - analyze approach has been pursued , in which sensing nodes acquire and encode the pixel - level representation of the visual content , that is subsequently transmitted to a sink node in order to be proc ←
→ measuring inconsistency in argument graphs ; there have been a number of developments in measuring inconsistency in logic - based representations of knowledge . in contrast , the development of inconsistency measures for computational models of argument has been limited . to address this shortcoming , this paper provides a general framework for measuring inconsistency in abstract argumentation , together with some proposals for specific measures , and a consideration of measuring inconsistency in logic - based instan ←
→ descriptions of objectives and processes of mechanical learning ; in [ 1 ], we introduced mechanical learning and proposed 2 approaches to mechanical learning . here , we follow one such approach to well describe the objects and the processes of learning . we discuss 2 kinds of patterns : objective and subjective pattern . subjective pattern is crucial for learning machine . we prove that for any objective pattern we can find a proper subjective pattern based upon least base patterns to express the objective patter ←
→ logo synthesis and manipulation with clustered generative adversarial networks ; designing a logo for a new brand is a lengthy and tedious back - and - forth process between a designer and a client . in this paper we explore to what extent machine learning can solve the creative task of the designer . for this , we build a dataset -- lld -- of 600k + logos crawled from the world wide web . training generative adversarial networks ( gans ) for logo synthesis on such multi - modal data is not straightforward and results ←
→ predicting preference flips in commerce search ; traditional approaches to ranking in web search follow the paradigm of rank - by - score : a learned function gives each query - url combination an absolute score and urls are ranked according to this score . this paradigm ensures that if the score of one url is better than another then one will always be ranked higher than the other . scoring contradicts prior work in behavioral economics that showed that users ' preferences between two items depend not only on the it ←
→ learning a neural semantic parser from user feedback ; we present an approach to rapidly and easily build natural language interfaces to databases for new domains , whose performance improves over time based on user feedback , and requires minimal intervention . to achieve this , we adapt neural sequence models to map utterances directly to sql with its full expressivity , bypassing any intermediate meaning representations . these models are immediately deployed online to solicit feedback from real users to flag ←
→ on the suitability of $ l_p $- norms for creating and preventing adversarial examples ; much research effort has been devoted to better understanding adversarial examples , which are specially crafted inputs to machine - learning models that are perceptually similar to benign inputs , but are classified differently ( i . e ., misclassified ). both algorithms that create adversarial examples and strategies for defending against them typically use $ l_p $- norms to measure the perceptual similarity between an adversarial ←
→ blind gain and phase calibration via sparse spectral methods ; blind gain and phase calibration ( bgpc ) is a bilinear inverse problem involving the determination of unknown gains and phases of the sensing system , and the unknown signal , jointly . bgpc arises in numerous applications , e . g ., blind albedo estimation in inverse rendering , synthetic aperture radar autofocus , and sensor array auto - calibration . in some cases , sparse structure in the unknown signal alleviates the ill - posedness of bgpc . recently there ←
→ proceedings of nips 2016 workshop on interpretable machine learning for complex systems ; this is the proceedings of nips 2016 workshop on interpretable machine learning for complex systems , held in barcelona , spain on december 9 , 2016 ←
→ a temporal bayesian network for diagnosis and prediction ; diagnosis and prediction in some domains , like medical and industrial diagnosis , require a representation that combines uncertainty management and temporal reasoning . based on the fact that in many cases there are few state changes in the temporal range of interest , we propose a novel representation called temporal nodes bayesian networks ( tnbn ). in a tnbn each node represents an event or state change of a variable , and an arc corresponds to a causa ←
→ transliteration in any language with surrogate languages ; we introduce a method for transliteration generation that can produce transliterations in every language . where previous results are only as multilingual as wikipedia , we show how to use training data from wikipedia as surrogate training for any language . thus , the problem becomes one of ranking wikipedia languages in order of suitability with respect to a target language . we introduce several task - specific methods for ranking languages , and show th ←
→ infomax strategies for an optimal balance between exploration and exploitation ; proper balance between exploitation and exploration is what makes good decisions , which achieve high rewards like payoff or evolutionary fitness . the infomax principle postulates that maximization of information directs the function of diverse systems , from living systems to artificial neural networks . while specific applications are successful , the validity of information as a proxy for reward remains unclear . here , we consi ←
→ a particle swarm optimization - based flexible convolutional auto - encoder for image classification ; convolutional auto - encoders have shown their remarkable performance in stacking to deep convolutional neural networks for classifying image data during past several years . however , they are unable to construct the state - of - the - art convolutional neural networks due to their intrinsic architectures . in this regard , we propose a flexible convolutional auto - encoder by eliminating the constraints on the numbers o ←
→ bayesian rules and stochastic models for high accuracy prediction of solar radiation ; it is essential to find solar predictive methods to massively insert renewable energies on the electrical distribution grid . the goal of this study is to find the best methodology allowing predicting with high accuracy the hourly global radiation . the knowledge of this quantity is essential for the grid manager or the private pv producer in order to anticipate fluctuations related to clouds occurrences and to stabilize ←
→ computational narrative intelligence : a human - centered goal for artificial intelligence ; narrative intelligence is the ability to craft , tell , understand , and respond affectively to stories . we argue that instilling artificial intelligences with computational narrative intelligence affords a number of applications beneficial to humans . we lay out some of the machine learning challenges necessary to solve to achieve computational narrative intelligence . finally , we argue that computational narrative is a ←
→ deviation optimal learning using greedy q - aggregation ; given a finite family of functions , the goal of model selection aggregation is to construct a procedure that mimics the function from this family that is the closest to an unknown regression function . more precisely , we consider a general regression model with fixed design and measure the distance between functions by the mean squared error at the design points . while procedures based on exponential weights are known to solve the problem of model selec ←
→ thinking adaptive : towards a behaviours virtual laboratory ; in this paper we name some of the advantages of virtual laboratories ; and propose that a behaviours virtual laboratory should be useful for both biologists and ai researchers , offering a new perspective for understanding adaptive behaviour . we present our development of a behaviours virtual laboratory , which at this stage is focused in action selection , and show some experiments to illustrate the properties of our proposal , which can be accessed v ←
→ generalized max pooling ; state - of - the - art patch - based image representations involve a pooling operation that aggregates statistics computed from local descriptors . standard pooling operations include sum - and max - pooling . sum - pooling lacks discriminability because the resulting representation is strongly influenced by frequent yet often uninformative descriptors , but only weakly influenced by rare yet potentially highly - informative ones . max - pooling equalizes the influence of frequent and rare descriptors ←
→ graph edit distance : a new binary linear programming formulation ; graph edit distance ( ged ) is a powerful and flexible graph matching paradigm that can be used to address different tasks in structural pattern recognition , machine learning , and data mining . in this paper , some new binary linear programming formulations for computing the exact ged between two graphs are proposed . a major strength of the formulations lies in their genericity since the ged can be computed between directed or undirected fully ←
→ learning to forecast videos of human activity with multi - granularity models and adaptive rendering ; we propose an approach for forecasting video of complex human activity involving multiple people . direct pixel - level prediction is too simple to handle the appearance variability in complex activities . hence , we develop novel intermediate representations . an architecture combining a hierarchical temporal model for predicting human poses and encoder - decoder convolutional neural networks for rendering target ←
→ sparsity based methods for overparameterized variational problems ; two complementary approaches have been extensively used in signal and image processing leading to novel results , the sparse representation methodology and the variational strategy . recently , a new sparsity based model has been proposed , the cosparse analysis framework , which may potentially help in bridging sparse approximation based methods to the traditional total - variation minimization . based on this , we introduce a sparsity based framew ←
→ the mean partition theorem of consensus clustering ; to devise efficient solutions for approximating a mean partition in consensus clustering , dimitriadou et al . [ 3 ] presented a necessary condition of optimality for a consensus function based on least square distances . we show that their result is pivotal for deriving interesting properties of consensus clustering beyond optimization . for this , we present the necessary condition of optimality in a slightly stronger form in terms of the mean partition theore ←
→ towards a science of human stories : using sentiment analysis and emotional arcs to understand the building blocks of complex social systems ; given the growing assortment of sentiment measuring instruments , it is imperative to understand which aspects of sentiment dictionaries contribute to both their classification accuracy and their ability to provide richer understanding of texts . here , we perform detailed , quantitative tests and qualitative assessments of 6 dictionary - based methods applied , and briefl ←
→ assessment of customer credit through combined clustering of artificial neural networks , genetics algorithm and bayesian probabilities ; today , with respect to the increasing growth of demand to get credit from the customers of banks and finance and credit institutions , using an effective and efficient method to decrease the risk of non - repayment of credit given is very necessary . assessment of customers ' credit is one of the most important and the most essential duties of banks and institutions , and if a ←
→ compressive holographic video ; compressed sensing has been discussed separately in spatial and temporal domains . compressive holography has been introduced as a method that allows 3d tomographic reconstruction at different depths from a single 2d image . coded exposure is a temporal compressed sensing method for high speed video acquisition . in this work , we combine compressive holography and coded exposure techniques and extend the discussion to 4d reconstruction in space and time from one coded captured i ←
→ on the product rule for classification problems ; we discuss theoretical aspects of the product rule for classification problems in supervised machine learning for the case of combining classifiers . we show that ( 1 ) the product rule arises from the map classifier supposing equivalent priors and conditional independence given a class ; ( 2 ) under some conditions , the product rule is equivalent to minimizing the sum of the squared distances to the respective centers of the classes related with different feature ←
→ polynet : a pursuit of structural diversity in very deep networks ; a number of studies have shown that increasing the depth or width of convolutional networks is a rewarding approach to improve the performance of image recognition . in our study , however , we observed difficulties along both directions . on one hand , the pursuit for very deep networks is met with a diminishing return and increased training difficulty ; on the other hand , widening a network would result in a quadratic growth in both computationa ←
→ metric localization using google street view ; accurate metrical localization is one of the central challenges in mobile robotics . many existing methods aim at localizing after building a map with the robot . in this paper , we present a novel approach that instead uses geotagged panoramas from the google street view as a source of global positioning . we model the problem of localization as a non - linear least squares estimation in two phases . the first estimates the 3d position of tracked feature points from ←
→ gradient vector flow models for boundary extraction in 2d images ; the gradient vector flow ( gvf ) is a vector diffusion approach based on partial differential equations ( pdes ). this method has been applied together with snake models for boundary extraction medical images segmentation . the key idea is to use a diffusion - reaction pde to generate a new external force field that makes snake models less sensitivity to initialization as well as improves the snake ' s ability to move into boundary concavities . in th ←
→ interactive constrained association rule mining ; we investigate ways to support interactive mining sessions , in the setting of association rule mining . in such sessions , users specify conditions ( queries ) on the associations to be generated . our approach is a combination of the integration of querying conditions inside the mining phase , and the incremental querying of already generated associations . we present several concrete algorithms and compare their performance .←
→ supervised dictionary learning by a variational bayesian group sparse nonnegative matrix factorization ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) with group sparsity constraints is formulated as a probabilistic graphical model and , assuming some observed data have been generated by the model , a feasible variational bayesian algorithm is derived for learning model parameters . when used in a supervised learning scenario , nmf is most often utilized as an unsupervised feature extractor followed by classificatio ←
→ towards a consistent , sound and complete conceptual knowledge ; knowledge is only good if it is sound , consistent and complete . the same holds true for conceptual knowledge , which holds knowledge about concepts and its association . conceptual knowledge no matter what format they are represented in , must be consistent , sound and complete in order to realise its practical use . this paper discusses consistency , soundness and completeness in the ambit of conceptual knowledge and the need to consider these facto ←
→ building subject - aligned comparable corpora and mining it for truly parallel sentence pairs ; parallel sentences are a relatively scarce but extremely useful resource for many applications including cross - lingual retrieval and statistical machine translation . this research explores our methodology for mining such data from previously obtained comparable corpora . the task is highly practical since non - parallel multilingual data exist in far greater quantities than parallel corpora , but parallel sentences a ←
→ a mullti - or many - objective evolutionary algorithm with global loop update ; multi - or many - objective evolutionary algorithm - s ( moeas ), especially the decomposition - based moeas have been widely concerned in recent years . the decomposition - based moeas emphasize convergence and diversity in a simple model and have made a great success in dealing with theoretical and practical multi - or many - objective optimization problems . in this paper , we focus on update strategies of the decomposition - based moeas , and ←
→ minutiae extraction from fingerprint images - a review ; fingerprints are the oldest and most widely used form of biometric identification . everyone is known to have unique , immutable fingerprints . as most automatic fingerprint recognition systems are based on local ridge features known as minutiae , marking minutiae accurately and rejecting false ones is very important . however , fingerprint images get degraded and corrupted due to variations in skin and impression conditions . thus , image enhancement techniq ←
→ understanding deep features with computer - generated imagery ; we introduce an approach for analyzing the variation of features generated by convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) with respect to scene factors that occur in natural images . such factors may include object style , 3d viewpoint , color , and scene lighting configuration . our approach analyzes cnn feature responses corresponding to different scene factors by controlling for them via rendering using a large database of 3d cad models . the rendered imag ←
→ identifying sources and sinks in the presence of multiple agents with gaussian process vector calculus ; in systems of multiple agents , identifying the cause of observed agent dynamics is challenging . often , these agents operate in diverse , non - stationary environments , where models rely on hand - crafted environment - specific features to infer influential regions in the system ' s surroundings . to overcome the limitations of these inflexible models , we present gp - laplace , a technique for locating sources and s ←
→ linear discriminant generative adversarial networks ; we develop a novel method for training of gans for unsupervised and class conditional generation of images , called linear discriminant gan ( ld - gan ). the discriminator of an ld - gan is trained to maximize the linear separability between distributions of hidden representations of generated and targeted samples , while the generator is updated based on the decision hyper - planes computed by performing lda over the hidden representations . ld - gan provides a conc ←
→ yedda : a lightweight collaborative text span annotation tool ; in this paper , we introduce yedda , a lightweight but efficient and comprehensive open - source tool for text span annotation . yedda provides a systematic solution for text span annotation , ranging from collaborative user annotation to administrator evaluation and analysis . it overcomes the low efficiency of traditional text annotation tools by annotating entities through both command line and shortcut keys , which are configurable with custom label ←
→ writer identification and verification from intra - variable individual handwriting ; the handwriting of an individual may vary excessively with many factors such as mood , time , space , writing speed , writing medium , utensils etc . therefore , it becomes more challenging to perform automated writer verification / identification on a particular set of handwritten patterns ( e . g . speedy handwriting ) of a person , especially when the system is trained using a different set of writing patterns ( e . g . normal / medium spe ←
→ surrogate regret bounds for bipartite ranking via strongly proper losses ; the problem of bipartite ranking , where instances are labeled positive or negative and the goal is to learn a scoring function that minimizes the probability of mis - ranking a pair of positive and negative instances ( or equivalently , that maximizes the area under the roc curve ), has been widely studied in recent years . a dominant theoretical and algorithmic framework for the problem has been to reduce bipartite ranking to pairwise cla ←
→ high - dimensional regression with gaussian mixtures and partially - latent response variables ; in this work we address the problem of approximating high - dimensional data with a low - dimensional representation . we make the following contributions . we propose an inverse regression method which exchanges the roles of input and response , such that the low - dimensional variable becomes the regressor , and which is tractable . we introduce a mixture of locally - linear probabilistic mapping model that starts with estim ←
→ barrier frank - wolfe for marginal inference ; we introduce a globally - convergent algorithm for optimizing the tree - reweighted ( trw ) variational objective over the marginal polytope . the algorithm is based on the conditional gradient method ( frank - wolfe ) and moves pseudomarginals within the marginal polytope through repeated maximum a posteriori ( map ) calls . this modular structure enables us to leverage black - box map solvers ( both exact and approximate ) for variational inference , and obtains more accurate res ←
→ question answering system using syntactic information ; question answering task is now being done in trec8 using english documents . we examined question answering task in japanese sentences . our method selects the answer by matching the question sentence with knowledge - based data written in natural language . we use syntactic information to obtain highly accurate answers .←
→ attentive convolution ; in nlp , convolution neural networks ( cnns ) have benefited less than recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) from attention mechanisms . we hypothesize that this is because attention in cnns has been mainly implemented as attentive pooling ( i . e ., it is applied to pooling ) rather than as attentive convolution ( i . e ., it is integrated into convolution ). convolution is the differentiator of cnns in that it can powerfully model the higher - level representation of a word by taking into account its l ←
→ sympathy begins with a smile , intelligence begins with a word : use of multimodal features in spoken human - robot interaction ; recognition of social signals , from human facial expressions or prosody of speech , is a popular research topic in human - robot interaction studies . there is also a long line of research in the spoken dialogue community that investigates user satisfaction in relation to dialogue characteristics . however , very little research relates a combination of multimodal social signals and lang ←
→ reinforcement learning for the soccer dribbling task ; we propose a reinforcement learning solution to the \ emph { soccer dribbling task }, a scenario in which a soccer agent has to go from the beginning to the end of a region keeping possession of the ball , as an adversary attempts to gain possession . while the adversary uses a stationary policy , the dribbler learns the best action to take at each decision point . after defining meaningful variables to represent the state space , and high - level macro - actions to ←
→ action recognition using visual attention ; we propose a soft attention based model for the task of action recognition in videos . we use multi - layered recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) with long short - term memory ( lstm ) units which are deep both spatially and temporally . our model learns to focus selectively on parts of the video frames and classifies videos after taking a few glimpses . the model essentially learns which parts in the frames are relevant for the task at hand and attaches higher importance to ←
→ changepoint detection for high - dimensional time series with missing data ; this paper describes a novel approach to change - point detection when the observed high - dimensional data may have missing elements . the performance of classical methods for change - point detection typically scales poorly with the dimensionality of the data , so that a large number of observations are collected after the true change - point before it can be reliably detected . furthermore , missing components in the observed data handicap co ←
→ complexity metric for code - mixed social media text ; an evaluation metric is an absolute necessity for measuring the performance of any system and complexity of any data . in this paper , we have discussed how to determine the level of complexity of code - mixed social media texts that are growing rapidly due to multilingual interference . in general , texts written in multiple languages are often hard to comprehend and analyze . at the same time , in order to meet the demands of analysis , it is also necessary to d ←
→ a one class classifier based framework using svdd : application to an imbalanced geological dataset ; evaluation of hydrocarbon reservoir requires classification of petrophysical properties from available dataset . however , characterization of reservoir attributes is difficult due to the nonlinear and heterogeneous nature of the subsurface physical properties . in this context , present study proposes a generalized one class classification framework based on support vector data description ( svdd ) to classify ←
→ learning definite horn formulas from closure queries ; a definite horn theory is a set of n - dimensional boolean vectors whose characteristic function is expressible as a definite horn formula , that is , as conjunction of definite horn clauses . the class of definite horn theories is known to be learnable under different query learning settings , such as learning from membership and equivalence queries or learning from entailment . we propose yet a different type of query : the closure query . closure queries are ←
→ abrupt motion tracking via nearest neighbor field driven stochastic sampling ; stochastic sampling based trackers have shown good performance for abrupt motion tracking so that they have gained popularity in recent years . however , conventional methods tend to use a two - stage sampling paradigm , in which the search space needs to be uniformly explored with an inefficient preliminary sampling phase . in this paper , we propose a novel sampling - based method in the bayesian filtering framework to address the pro ←
→ latent regression bayesian network for data representation ; deep directed generative models have attracted much attention recently due to their expressive representation power and the ability of ancestral sampling . one major difficulty of learning directed models with many latent variables is the intractable inference . to address this problem , most existing algorithms make assumptions to render the latent variables independent of each other , either by designing specific priors , or by approximating the true ←
→ implementing genetic algorithms on arduino micro - controllers ; since their conception in 1975 , genetic algorithms have been an extremely popular approach to find exact or approximate solutions to optimization and search problems . over the last years there has been an enhanced interest in the field with related techniques , such as grammatical evolution , being developed . unfortunately , work on developing genetic optimizations for low - end embedded architectures hasn ' t embraced the same enthusiasm . this short p ←
→ forest density estimation ; we study graph estimation and density estimation in high dimensions , using a family of density estimators based on forest structured undirected graphical models . for density estimation , we do not assume the true distribution corresponds to a forest ; rather , we form kernel density estimates of the bivariate and univariate marginals , and apply kruskal ' s algorithm to estimate the optimal forest on held out data . we prove an oracle inequality on the excess risk of the resulting estim ←
→ topic modeling over short texts by incorporating word embeddings ; inferring topics from the overwhelming amount of short texts becomes a critical but challenging task for many content analysis tasks , such as content charactering , user interest profiling , and emerging topic detecting . existing methods such as probabilistic latent semantic analysis ( plsa ) and latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) cannot solve this prob - lem very well since only very limited word co - occurrence information is available in short te ←
→ safety verification of deep neural networks ; deep neural networks have achieved impressive experimental results in image classification , but can surprisingly be unstable with respect to adversarial perturbations , that is , minimal changes to the input image that cause the network to misclassify it . with potential applications including perception modules and end - to - end controllers for self - driving cars , this raises concerns about their safety . we develop a novel automated verification framework for feed - for ←
→ representation policy iteration ; this paper addresses a fundamental issue central to approximation methods for solving large markov decision processes ( mdps ): how to automatically learn the underlying representation for value function approximation ? a novel theoretically rigorous framework is proposed that automatically generates geometrically customized orthonormal sets of basis functions , which can be used with any approximate mdp solver like least squares policy iteration ( lspi ). the key innovation is a ←
→ face identification by sift - based complete graph topology ; this paper presents a new face identification system based on graph matching technique on sift features extracted from face images . although sift features have been successfully used for general object detection and recognition , only recently they were applied to face recognition . this paper further investigates the performance of identification techniques based on graph matching topology drawn on sift features which are invariant to rotation , scal ←
→ densenet for dense flow ; classical approaches for estimating optical flow have achieved rapid progress in the last decade . however , most of them are too slow to be applied in real - time video analysis . due to the great success of deep learning , recent work has focused on using cnns to solve such dense prediction problems . in this paper , we investigate a new deep architecture , densely connected convolutional networks ( densenet ), to learn optical flow . this specific architecture is ideal for the problem at ha ←
→ local minima of a quadratic binary functional with quasi - hebbian connection matrix ; the local minima of a quadratic functional depending on binary variables are discussed . an arbitrary connection matrix can be presented in the form of quasi - hebbian expansion where each pattern is supplied with its own individual weight . for such matrices statistical physics methods allow one to derive an equation describing local minima of the functional . a model where only one weight differs from other ones is discussed ←
→ practical algorithms for best - k identification in multi - armed bandits ; in the best -$ k $ identification problem ( best -$ k $- arm ), we are given $ n $ stochastic bandit arms with unknown reward distributions . our goal is to identify the $ k $ arms with the largest means with high confidence , by drawing samples from the arms adaptively . this problem is motivated by various practical applications and has attracted considerable attention in the past decade . in this paper , we propose new practical algorithms for the bes ←
→ algorithms for nonnegative matrix factorization with the beta - divergence ; this paper describes algorithms for nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) with the beta - divergence ( beta - nmf ). the beta - divergence is a family of cost functions parametrized by a single shape parameter beta that takes the euclidean distance , the kullback - leibler divergence and the itakura - saito divergence as special cases ( beta = 2 , 1 , 0 , respectively ). the proposed algorithms are based on a surrogate auxiliary function ( a local major ←
→ the challenge of simultaneous object detection and pose estimation : a comparative study ; detecting objects and estimating their pose remains as one of the major challenges of the computer vision research community . there exists a compromise between localizing the objects and estimating their viewpoints . the detector ideally needs to be view - invariant , while the pose estimation process should be able to generalize towards the category - level . this work is an exploration of using deep learning models for so ←
→ blind multi - class ensemble learning with unequally reliable classifiers ; the rising interest in pattern recognition and data analytics has spurred the development of innovative machine learning algorithms and tools . however , as each algorithm has its strengths and limitations , one is motivated to judiciously fuse multiple algorithms in order to find the " best " performing one , for a given dataset . ensemble learning aims at such high - performance meta - algorithm , by combining the outputs from multiple algorith ←
→ implicit sensitive text summarization based on data conveyed by connectives ; so far and trying to reach human capabilities , research in automatic summarization has been based on hypothesis that are both enabling and limiting . some of these limitations are : how to take into account and reflect ( in the generated summary ) the implicit information conveyed in the text , the author intention , the reader intention , the context influence , the general world knowledge . thus , if we want machines to mimic human abil ←
→ an iterative school decomposition algorithm for solving the multi - school bus routing and scheduling problem ; servicing the school transportation demand safely with a minimum number of buses is one of the highest financial goals for school transportation directors . to achieve that objective , a good and efficient way to solve the routing and scheduling problem is required . due to the growth of the computing power , the spotlight has been shed on solving the combined problem of the school bus routing and sch ←
→ nonparametric risk assessment and density estimation for persistence landscapes ; this paper presents approximate confidence intervals for each function of parameters in a banach space based on a bootstrap algorithm . we apply kernel density approach to estimate the persistence landscape . in addition , we evaluate the quality distribution function estimator of random variables using integrated mean square error ( imse ). the results of simulation studies show a significant improvement achieved by our approach ←
→ adversarial texts with gradient methods ; adversarial samples for images have been extensively studied in the literature . among many of the attacking methods , gradient - based methods are both effective and easy to compute . in this work , we propose a framework to adapt the gradient attacking methods on images to text domain . the main difficulties for generating adversarial texts with gradient methods are i ) the input space is discrete , which makes it difficult to accumulate small noise directly in the inputs ,←
→ a learning - based approach for automatic image and video colorization ; in this paper , we present a color transfer algorithm to colorize a broad range of gray images without any user intervention . the algorithm uses a machine learning - based approach to automatically colorize grayscale images . the algorithm uses the superpixel representation of the reference color images to learn the relationship between different image features and their corresponding color values . we use this learned information to predict ←
→ online ranking with top - 1 feedback ; we consider a setting where a system learns to rank a fixed set of $ m $ items . the goal is produce good item rankings for users with diverse interests who interact online with the system for $ t $ rounds . we consider a novel top -$ 1 $ feedback model : at the end of each round , the relevance score for only the top ranked object is revealed . however , the performance of the system is judged on the entire ranked list . we provide a comprehensive set of results regarding learnabilit ←
→ hybrid vae : improving deep generative models using partial observations ; deep neural network models trained on large labeled datasets are the state - of - the - art in a large variety of computer vision tasks . in many applications , however , labeled data is expensive to obtain or requires a time consuming manual annotation process . in contrast , unlabeled data is often abundant and available in large quantities . we present a principled framework to capitalize on unlabeled data by training deep generative models on ←
→ conversation modeling on reddit using a graph - structured lstm ; this paper presents a novel approach for modeling threaded discussions on social media using a graph - structured bidirectional lstm which represents both hierarchical and temporal conversation structure . in experiments with a task of predicting popularity of comments in reddit discussions , the proposed model outperforms a node - independent architecture for different sets of input features . analyses show a benefit to the model over the full course ←
→ compressive embedding and visualization using graphs ; visualizing high - dimensional data has been a focus in data analysis communities for decades , which has led to the design of many algorithms , some of which are now considered references ( such as t - sne for example ). in our era of overwhelming data volumes , the scalability of such methods have become more and more important . in this work , we present a method which allows to apply any visualization or embedding algorithm on very large datasets by considerin ←
→ dual attention networks for multimodal reasoning and matching ; we propose dual attention networks ( dans ) which jointly leverage visual and textual attention mechanisms to capture fine - grained interplay between vision and language . dans attend to specific regions in images and words in text through multiple steps and gather essential information from both modalities . based on this framework , we introduce two types of dans for multimodal reasoning and matching , respectively . the reasoning model allows visual ←
→ a hierarchical probabilistic model for facial feature detection ; facial feature detection from facial images has attracted great attention in the field of computer vision . it is a nontrivial task since the appearance and shape of the face tend to change under different conditions . in this paper , we propose a hierarchical probabilistic model that could infer the true locations of facial features given the image measurements even if the face is with significant facial expression and pose . the hierarchical mo ←
→ rock mechanics modeling based on soft granulation theory ; this paper describes application of information granulation theory , on the design of rock engineering flowcharts . firstly , an overall flowchart , based on information granulation theory has been highlighted . information granulation theory , in crisp ( non - fuzzy ) or fuzzy format , can take into account engineering experiences ( especially in fuzzy shape - incomplete information or superfluous ), or engineering judgments , in each step of designing procedure , ←
→ visual recognition of paper analytical device images for detection of falsified pharmaceuticals ; falsification of medicines is a big problem in many developing countries , where technological infrastructure is inadequate to detect these harmful products . we have developed a set of inexpensive paper cards , called paper analytical devices ( pads ), which can efficiently classify drugs based on their chemical composition , as a potential solution to the problem . these cards have different reagents embedded in t ←
→ unsupervised part learning for visual recognition ; part - based image classification aims at representing categories by small sets of learned discriminative parts , upon which an image representation is built . considered as a promising avenue a decade ago , this direction has been neglected since the advent of deep neural networks . in this context , this paper brings two contributions : first , it shows that despite the recent success of end - to - end holistic models , explicit part learning can boosts classification ←
→ learning spatially regularized correlation filters for visual tracking ; robust and accurate visual tracking is one of the most challenging computer vision problems . due to the inherent lack of training data , a robust approach for constructing a target appearance model is crucial . recently , discriminatively learned correlation filters ( dcf ) have been successfully applied to address this problem for tracking . these methods utilize a periodic assumption of the training samples to efficiently learn a classifie ←
→ adversarial evaluation for models of natural language ; we now have a rich and growing set of modeling tools and algorithms for inducing linguistic structure from text that is less than fully annotated . in this paper , we discuss some of the weaknesses of our current methodology . we present a new abstract framework for evaluating natural language processing ( nlp ) models in general and unsupervised nlp models in particular . the central idea is to make explicit certain adversarial roles among researchers , so t ←
→ plug - in martingales for testing exchangeability on - line ; a standard assumption in machine learning is the exchangeability of data , which is equivalent to assuming that the examples are generated from the same probability distribution independently . this paper is devoted to testing the assumption of exchangeability on - line : the examples arrive one by one , and after receiving each example we would like to have a valid measure of the degree to which the assumption of exchangeability has been falsified . such m ←
→ using optimal ratio mask as training target for supervised speech separation ; supervised speech separation uses supervised learning algorithms to learn a mapping from an input noisy signal to an output target . with the fast development of deep learning , supervised separation has become the most important direction in speech separation area in recent years . for the supervised algorithm , training target has a significant impact on the performance . ideal ratio mask is a commonly used training target , which ←
→ evaluating informal - domain word representations with urbandictionary ; existing corpora for intrinsic evaluation are not targeted towards tasks in informal domains such as twitter or news comment forums . we want to test whether a representation of informal words fulfills the promise of eliding explicit text normalization as a preprocessing step . one possible evaluation metric for such domains is the proximity of spelling variants . we propose how such a metric might be computed and how a spelling variant dat ←
→ hyperspectral image restoration via total variation regularized low - rank tensor decomposition ; hyperspectral images ( hsis ) are often corrupted by a mixture of several types of noise during the acquisition process , e . g ., gaussian noise , impulse noise , dead lines , stripes , and many others . such complex noise could degrade the quality of the acquired hsis , limiting the precision of the subsequent processing . in this paper , we present a novel tensor - based hsi restoration approach by fully identifying the int ←
→ training binary multilayer neural networks for image classification using expectation backpropagation ; compared to multilayer neural networks with real weights , binary multilayer neural networks ( bmnns ) can be implemented more efficiently on dedicated hardware . bmnns have been demonstrated to be effective on binary classification tasks with expectation backpropagation ( ebp ) algorithm on high dimensional text datasets . in this paper , we investigate the capability of bmnns using the ebp algorithm on multic ←
→ modeling representation of videos for anomaly detection using deep learning : a review ; this review article surveys the current progresses made toward video - based anomaly detection . we address the most fundamental aspect for video anomaly detection , that is , video feature representation . much research works have been done in finding the right representation to perform anomaly detection in video streams accurately with an acceptable false alarm rate . however , this is very challenging due to large variation ←
→ experiential , distributional and dependency - based word embeddings have complementary roles in decoding brain activity ; we evaluate 8 different word embedding models on their usefulness for predicting the neural activation patterns associated with concrete nouns . the models we consider include an experiential model , based on crowd - sourced association data , several popular neural and distributional models , and a model that reflects the syntactic context of words ( based on dependency parses ). our goal is to ←
→ learning typographic style ; typography is a ubiquitous art form that affects our understanding , perception , and trust in what we read . thousands of different font - faces have been created with enormous variations in the characters . in this paper , we learn the style of a font by analyzing a small subset of only four letters . from these four letters , we learn two tasks . the first is a discrimination task : given the four letters and a new candidate letter , does the new letter belong to the same font ? second , g ←
→ graph fourier transform with negative edges for depth image coding ; recent advent in graph signal processing ( gsp ) has led to the development of new graph - based transforms and wavelets for image / video coding , where the underlying graph describes inter - pixel correlations . in this paper , we develop a new transform called signed graph fourier transform ( sgft ), where the underlying graph g contains negative edges that describe anti - correlations between pixel pairs . specifically , we first construct a one - stat ←
→ web - based question answering : a decision - making perspective ; we describe an investigation of the use of probabilistic models and cost - benefit analyses to guide resource - intensive procedures used by a web - based question answering system . we first provide an overview of research on question - answering systems . then , we present details on askmsr , a prototype web - based question answering system . we discuss bayesian analyses of the quality of answers generated by the system and show how we can endow the system w ←
→ combining multiple resolutions into hierarchical representations for kernel - based image classification ; geographic object - based image analysis ( geobia ) framework has gained increasing interest recently . following this popular paradigm , we propose a novel multiscale classification approach operating on a hierarchical image representation built from two images at different resolutions . they capture the same scene with different sensors and are naturally fused together through the hierarchical representatio ←
→ denoising hyperspectral image with non - i . i . d . noise structure ; hyperspectral image ( hsi ) denoising has been attracting much research attention in remote sensing area due to its importance in improving the hsi qualities . the existing hsi denoising methods mainly focus on specific spectral and spatial prior knowledge in hsis , and share a common underlying assumption that the embedded noise in hsi is independent and identically distributed ( i . i . d .). in real scenarios , however , the noise existed in a natural h ←
→ neural network influence in group technology : a chronological survey and critical analysis ; this article portrays a chronological review of the influence of artificial neural network in group technology applications in the vicinity of cellular manufacturing systems . the research trend is identified and the evolvement is captured through a critical analysis of the literature accessible from the very beginning of its practice in the early 90 ' s till the 2010 . analysis of the diverse ann approaches , spotted ←
→ recurrent neural networks hardware implementation on fpga ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have the ability to retain memory and learn data sequences . due to the recurrent nature of rnns , it is sometimes hard to parallelize all its computations on conventional hardware . cpus do not currently offer large parallelism , while gpus offer limited parallelism due to sequential components of rnn models . in this paper we present a hardware implementation of long - short term memory ( lstm ) recurrent network on the pr ←
→ a model explanation system : latest updates and extensions ; we propose a general model explanation system ( mes ) for " explaining " the output of black box classifiers . this paper describes extensions to turner ( 2015 ), which is referred to frequently in the text . we use the motivating example of a classifier trained to detect fraud in a credit card transaction history . the key aspect is that we provide explanations applicable to a single prediction , rather than provide an interpretable set of parameters . we fo ←
→ justifications for logic programs under answer set semantics ; the paper introduces the notion of off - line justification for answer set programming ( asp ). justifications provide a graph - based explanation of the truth value of an atom w . r . t . a given answer set . the paper extends also this notion to provide justification of atoms during the computation of an answer set ( on - line justification ), and presents an integration of on - line justifications within the computation model of smodels . off - line and on - line j ←
→ cost - complexity pruning of random forests ; random forests perform bootstrap - aggregation by sampling the training samples with replacement . this enables the evaluation of out - of - bag error which serves as a internal cross - validation mechanism . our motivation lies in using the unsampled training samples to improve each decision tree in the ensemble . we study the effect of using the out - of - bag samples to improve the generalization error first of the decision trees and second the random forest by post - pruning . ←
→ learning semantics for image annotation ; image search and retrieval engines rely heavily on textual annotation in order to match word queries to a set of candidate images . a system that can automatically annotate images with meaningful text can be highly beneficial for such engines . currently , the approaches to develop such systems try to establish relationships between keywords and visual features of images . in this paper , we make three main contributions to this area : ( i ) we transform this problem from t ←
→ reasoning on interval and point - based disjunctive metric constraints in temporal contexts ; we introduce a temporal model for reasoning on disjunctive metric constraints on intervals and time points in temporal contexts . this temporal model is composed of a labeled temporal algebra and its reasoning algorithms . the labeled temporal algebra defines labeled disjunctive metric point - based constraints , where each disjunct in each input disjunctive constraint is univocally associated to a label . reasoning algo ←
→ watch - n - patch : unsupervised learning of actions and relations ; there is a large variation in the activities that humans perform in their everyday lives . we consider modeling these composite human activities which comprises multiple basic level actions in a completely unsupervised setting . our model learns high - level co - occurrence and temporal relations between the actions . we consider the video as a sequence of short - term action clips , which contains human - words and object - words . an activity is about a set ←
→ handling uncertainty during plan recognition in task - oriented consultation systems ; during interactions with human consultants , people are used to providing partial and / or inaccurate information , and still be understood and assisted . we attempt to emulate this capability of human consultants ; in computer consultation systems . in this paper , we present a mechanism for handling uncertainty in plan recognition during task - oriented consultations . the uncertainty arises while choosing an appropriate interpret ←
→ the non approach to autonomic face recognition ; a method of autonomic face recognition based on the biologically plausible network of networks ( non ) model of information processing is presented . the non model is based on locally parallel and globally coordinated transformations in which the neurons or computational units form distributed networks , which themselves link to form larger networks . this models the structures in the cerebral cortex described by mountcastle and the architecture based on that prop ←
→ pac - bayes and domain adaptation ; we provide two main contributions in pac - bayesian theory for domain adaptation where the objective is to learn , from a source distribution , a well - performing majority vote on a different , but related , target distribution . firstly , we propose an improvement of the previous approach we proposed in germain et al . ( 2013 ), which relies on a novel distribution pseudodistance based on a disagreement averaging , allowing us to derive a new tighter domain adaptation bound for the tar ←
→ setting an attention region for convolutional neural networks using region selective features , for recognition of materials within glass vessels ; convolutional neural networks have emerged as the leading method for the classification and segmentation of images . in some cases , it is desirable to focus the attention of the net on a specific region in the image ; one such case is the recognition of the contents of transparent vessels , where the vessel region in the image is already known . this work presents ←
→ combinatorial energy learning for image segmentation ; we introduce a new machine learning approach for image segmentation that uses a neural network to model the conditional energy of a segmentation given an image . our approach , combinatorial energy learning for image segmentation ( celis ) places a particular emphasis on modeling the inherent combinatorial nature of dense image segmentation problems . we propose efficient algorithms for learning deep neural networks to model the energy function , and for loca ←
→ breathrnnet : breathing based authentication on resource - constrained iot devices using rnns ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have shown promising results in audio and speech processing applications due to their strong capabilities in modelling sequential data . in many applications , rnns tend to outperform conventional models based on gmm / ubms and i - vectors . increasing popularity of iot devices makes a strong case for implementing rnn based inferences for applications such as acoustics based authenticatio ←
→ a probabilistic estimation and prediction technique for dynamic continuous social science models : the evolution of the attitude of the basque country population towards eta as a case study ; in this paper , we present a computational technique to deal with uncertainty in dynamic continuous models in social sciences . considering data from surveys , the method consists of determining the probability distribution of the survey output and this allows to sample data and fit the model to the sampled data using ←
→ face detection using radial basis functions neural networks with fixed spread ; this paper presented a face detection system using radial basis function neural networks with fixed spread value . face detection is the first step in face recognition system . the purpose is to localize and extract the face region from the background that will be fed into the face recognition system for identification . general preprocessing approach was used for normalizing the image and radial basis function ( rbf ) neural netwo ←
→ graded entailment for compositional distributional semantics ; the categorical compositional distributional model of natural language provides a conceptually motivated procedure to compute the meaning of sentences , given grammatical structure and the meanings of its words . this approach has outperformed other models in mainstream empirical language processing tasks . however , until recently it has lacked the crucial feature of lexical entailment -- as do other distributional models of meaning . in this pape ←
→ the offset tree for learning with partial labels ; we present an algorithm , called the offset tree , for learning to make decisions in situations where the payoff of only one choice is observed , rather than all choices . the algorithm reduces this setting to binary classification , allowing one to reuse of any existing , fully supervised binary classification algorithm in this partial information setting . we show that the offset tree is an optimal reduction to binary classification . in particular , it has regret ←
→ competitive learning with feedforward supervisory signal for pre - trained multilayered networks ; we propose a novel learning method for multilayered neural networks which uses feedforward supervisory signal and associates classification of a new input with that of pre - trained input . the proposed method effectively uses rich input information in the earlier layer for robust leaning and revising internal representation in a multilayer neural network .←
→ un résumeur à base de graphes , indépéndant de la langue ; in this paper we present reg , a graph - based approach for study a fundamental problem of natural language processing ( nlp ): the automatic text summarization . the algorithm maps a document as a graph , then it computes the weight of their sentences . we have applied this approach to summarize documents in three languages .←
→ rotation adaptive visual object tracking with motion consistency ; visual object tracking research has undergone significant improvement in the past few years . the emergence of tracking by detection approach in tracking paradigm has been quite successful in many ways . recently , deep convolutional neural networks have been extensively used in most successful trackers . yet , the standard approach has been based on correlation or feature selection with minimal consideration given to motion consistency . thus , th ←
→ on the runtime - efficacy trade - off of anomaly detection techniques for real - time streaming data ; ever growing volume and velocity of data coupled with decreasing attention span of end users underscore the critical need for real - time analytics . in this regard , anomaly detection plays a key role as an application as well as a means to verify data fidelity . although the subject of anomaly detection has been researched for over 100 years in a multitude of disciplines such as , but not limited to , astronomy , st ←
→ robust shape registration using fuzzy correspondences ; shape registration is the process of aligning one 3d model to another . most previous methods to align shapes with no known correspondences attempt to solve for both the transformation and correspondences iteratively . we present a shape registration approach that solves for the transformation using fuzzy correspondences to maximize the overlap between the given shape and the target shape . a coarse to fine approach with levenberg - marquardt method is used ←
→ on a correlational clustering of integers ; correlation clustering is a concept of machine learning . the ultimate goal of such a clustering is to find a partition with minimal conflicts . in this paper we investigate a correlation clustering of integers , based upon the greatest common divisor .←
→ deep learning based large scale visual recommendation and search for e - commerce ; in this paper , we present a unified end - to - end approach to build a large scale visual search and recommendation system for e - commerce . previous works have targeted these problems in isolation . we believe a more effective and elegant solution could be obtained by tackling them together . we propose a unified deep convolutional neural network architecture , called visnet , to learn embeddings to capture the notion of visual simil ←
→ supervised feature selection via dependence estimation ; we introduce a framework for filtering features that employs the hilbert - schmidt independence criterion ( hsic ) as a measure of dependence between the features and the labels . the key idea is that good features should maximise such dependence . feature selection for various supervised learning problems ( including classification and regression ) is unified under this framework , and the solutions can be approximated using a backward - elimination algorithm . ←
→ a note on the inception score ; deep generative models are powerful tools that have produced impressive results in recent years . these advances have been for the most part empirically driven , making it essential that we use high quality evaluation metrics . in this paper , we provide new insights into the inception score , a recently proposed and widely used evaluation metric for generative models , and demonstrate that it fails to provide useful guidance when comparing models . we discuss both suboptimalities o ←
→ multiple context - free tree grammars : lexicalization and characterization ; multiple ( simple ) context - free tree grammars are investigated , where " simple " means " linear and nondeleting ". every multiple context - free tree grammar that is finitely ambiguous can be lexicalized ; i . e ., it can be transformed into an equivalent one ( generating the same tree language ) in which each rule of the grammar contains a lexical symbol . due to this transformation , the rank of the nonterminals increases at most by 1 , and the mu ←
→ definition and complexity of some basic metareasoning problems ; in most real - world settings , due to limited time or other resources , an agent cannot perform all potentially useful deliberation and information gathering actions . this leads to the metareasoning problem of selecting such actions . decision - theoretic methods for metareasoning have been studied in ai , but there are few theoretical results on the complexity of metareasoning . we derive hardness results for three settings which most real metareas ←
→ adversarial neural machine translation ; in this paper , we study a new learning paradigm for neural machine translation ( nmt ). instead of maximizing the likelihood of the human translation as in previous works , we minimize the distinction between human translation and the translation given by an nmt model . to achieve this goal , inspired by the recent success of generative adversarial networks ( gans ), we employ an adversarial training architecture and name it as adversarial - nmt . in adversarial - nmt , the train ←
→ hierarchical affinity propagation ; affinity propagation is an exemplar - based clustering algorithm that finds a set of data - points that best exemplify the data , and associates each datapoint with one exemplar . we extend affinity propagation in a principled way to solve the hierarchical clustering problem , which arises in a variety of domains including biology , sensor networks and decision making in operational research . we derive an inference algorithm that operates by propagating information up and down th ←
→ compositional stochastic modeling and probabilistic programming ; probabilistic programming is related to a compositional approach to stochastic modeling by switching from discrete to continuous time dynamics . in continuous time , an operator - algebra semantics is available in which processes proceeding in parallel ( and possibly interacting ) have summed time - evolution operators . from this foundation , algorithms for simulation , inference and model reduction may be systematically derived . the useful consequence ←
→ linear , deterministic , and order - invariant initialization methods for the k - means clustering algorithm ; over the past five decades , k - means has become the clustering algorithm of choice in many application domains primarily due to its simplicity , time / space efficiency , and invariance to the ordering of the data points . unfortunately , the algorithm ' s sensitivity to the initial selection of the cluster centers remains to be its most serious drawback . numerous initialization methods have been proposed to ad ←
→ listen to your face : inferring facial action units from audio channel ; extensive efforts have been devoted to recognizing facial action units ( aus ). however , it is still challenging to recognize aus from spontaneous facial displays especially when they are accompanied with speech . different from all prior work that utilized visual observations for facial au recognition , this paper presents a novel approach that recognizes speech - related aus exclusively from audio signals based on the fact that facial activ ←
→ later - stage minimum bayes - risk decoding for neural machine translation ; for extended periods of time , sequence generation models rely on beam search algorithm to generate output sequence . however , the correctness of beam search degrades when the a model is over - confident about a suboptimal prediction . in this paper , we propose to perform minimum bayes - risk ( mbr ) decoding for some extra steps at a later stage . in order to speed up mbr decoding , we compute the bayes risks on gpu in batch mode . in our experim ←
→ aon : towards arbitrarily - oriented text recognition ; recognizing text from natural images is a hot research topic in computer vision due to its various applications . despite the enduring research of several decades on optical character recognition ( ocr ), recognizing texts from natural images is still a challenging task . this is because scene texts are often in irregular ( e . g . curved , arbitrarily - oriented or seriously distorted ) arrangements , which have not yet been well addressed in the literature . existing ←
→ a novel georeferenced dataset for stereo visual odometry ; in this work , we present a novel dataset for assessing the accuracy of stereo visual odometry . the dataset has been acquired by a small - baseline stereo rig mounted on the top of a moving car . the groundtruth is supplied by a consumer grade gps device without imu . synchronization and alignment between gps readings and stereo frames are recovered after the acquisition . we show that the attained groundtruth accuracy allows to draw useful conclusions in ←
→ heterogeneous strategy particle swarm optimization ; pso is a widely recognized optimization algorithm inspired by social swarm . in this brief we present a heterogeneous strategy particle swarm optimization ( hspso ), in which a proportion of particles adopt a fully informed strategy to enhance the converging speed while the rest are singly informed to maintain the diversity . our extensive numerical experiments show that hspso algorithm is able to obtain satisfactory solutions , outperforming both pso and the ←
→ a novel robust method to add watermarks to bitmap images by fading technique ; digital water marking is one of the essential fields in image security and copyright protection . the proposed technique in this paper was based on the principle of protecting images by hide an invisible watermark in the image . the technique starts with merging the cover image and the watermark image with suitable ratios , i . e ., 99 % from the cover image will be merged with 1 % from the watermark image . technically , the fading proc ←
→ an interval - based bayesian generative model for human complex activity recognition ; complex activity recognition is challenging due to the inherent uncertainty and diversity of performing a complex activity . normally , each instance of a complex activity has its own configuration of atomic actions and their temporal dependencies . we propose in this paper an atomic action - based bayesian model that constructs allen ' s interval relation networks to characterize complex activities with structural varieties in ←
→ group theory , group actions , evolutionary algorithms , and global optimization ; in this paper we use group , action and orbit to understand how evolutionary solve nonconvex optimization problems .←
→ bayesian neural networks ; this paper describes and discusses bayesian neural network ( bnn ). the paper showcases a few different applications of them for classification and regression problems . bnns are comprised of a probabilistic model and a neural network . the intent of such a design is to combine the strengths of neural networks and stochastic modeling . neural networks exhibit continuous function approximator capabilities . stochastic models allow direct specification of a model with known interaction be ←
→ neural networks and database systems ; object - oriented database systems proved very valuable at handling and administrating complex objects . in the following guidelines for embedding neural networks into such systems are presented . it is our goal to treat networks as normal data in the database system . from the logical point of view , a neural network is a complex data value and can be stored as a normal data object . it is generally accepted that rule - based reasoning will play an important role in future dat ←
→ orthogonal sparse pca and covariance estimation via procrustes reformulation ; the problem of estimating sparse eigenvectors of a symmetric matrix attracts a lot of attention in many applications , especially those with high dimensional data set . while classical eigenvectors can be obtained as the solution of a maximization problem , existing approaches formulate this problem by adding a penalty term into the objective function that encourages a sparse solution . however , the resulting methods achieve sparsi ←
→ vlsi implementation of deep neural network using integral stochastic computing ; the hardware implementation of deep neural networks ( dnns ) has recently received tremendous attention : many applications in fact require high - speed operations that suit a hardware implementation . however , numerous elements and complex interconnections are usually required , leading to a large area occupation and copious power consumption . stochastic computing has shown promising results for low - power area - efficient hardware im ←
→ markov chain methods for the bipartite boolean quadratic programming problem ; we study the bipartite boolean quadratic programming problem ( bbqp ) which is an extension of the well known boolean quadratic programming problem ( bqp ). applications of the bbqp include mining discrete patterns from binary data , approximating matrices by rank - one binary matrices , computing the cut - norm of a matrix , and solving optimisation problems such as maximum weight biclique , bipartite maximum weight cut , maximum weight in ←
→ a fuzzy logic system to analyze a student ' s lifestyle ; a college student ' s life can be primarily categorized into domains such as education , health , social and other activities which may include daily chores and travelling time . time management is crucial for every student . a self realisation of one ' s daily time expenditure in various domains is therefore essential to maximize one ' s effective output . this paper presents how a mobile application using fuzzy logic and global positioning system ( gps ) analyzes ←
→ automatic subspace learning via principal coefficients embedding ; in this paper , we address two challenging problems in unsupervised subspace learning : 1 ) how to automatically identify the feature dimension of the learned subspace ( i . e ., automatic subspace learning ), and 2 ) how to learn the underlying subspace in the presence of gaussian noise ( i . e ., robust subspace learning ). we show that these two problems can be simultaneously solved by proposing a new method ( called principal coefficients embedding , pc ←
→ deeppainter : painter classification using deep convolutional autoencoders ; in this paper we describe the problem of painter classification , and propose a novel approach based on deep convolutional autoencoder neural networks . while previous approaches relied on image processing and manual feature extraction from paintings , our approach operates on the raw pixel level , without any preprocessing or manual feature extraction . we first train a deep convolutional autoencoder on a dataset of paintings , and sub ←
→ refinability of splines from lattice voronoi cells ; splines can be constructed by convolving the indicator function of the voronoi cell of a lattice . this paper presents simple criteria that imply that only a small subset of such spline families can be refined : essentially the well - known box splines and tensor - product splines . among the many non - refinable constructions are hex - splines and their generalization to non - cartesian lattices . an example shows how non - refinable splines can exhibit increased approx ←
→ efficient inventory optimization of multi product , multiple suppliers with lead time using pso ; with information revolution , increased globalization and competition , supply chain has become longer and more complicated than ever before . these developments bring supply chain management to the forefront of the managements attention . inventories are very important in a supply chain . the total investment in inventories is enormous , and the management of inventory is crucial to avoid shortages or delivery dela ←
→ stochastic averaging for constrained optimization with application to online resource allocation ; existing approaches to resource allocation for nowadays stochastic networks are challenged to meet fast convergence and tolerable delay requirements . the present paper leverages online learning advances to facilitate stochastic resource allocation tasks . by recognizing the central role of lagrange multipliers , the underlying constrained optimization problem is formulated as a machine learning task involving ←
→ texygen : a benchmarking platform for text generation models ; we introduce texygen , a benchmarking platform to support research on open - domain text generation models . texygen has not only implemented a majority of text generation models , but also covered a set of metrics that evaluate the diversity , the quality and the consistency of the generated texts . the texygen platform could help standardize the research on text generation and facilitate the sharing of fine - tuned open - source implementations among rese ←
→ cdf - intervals : a reliable framework to reason about data with uncertainty ; this research introduces a new constraint domain for reasoning about data with uncertainty . it extends convex modeling with the notion of p - box to gain additional quantifiable information on the data whereabouts . unlike existing approaches , the p - box envelops an unknown probability instead of approximating its representation . the p - box bounds are uniform cumulative distribution functions ( cdf ) in order to employ linear computation ←
→ local region sparse learning for image - on - scalar regression ; identification of regions of interest ( roi ) associated with certain disease has a great impact on public health . imposing sparsity of pixel values and extracting active regions simultaneously greatly complicate the image analysis . we address these challenges by introducing a novel region - selection penalty in the framework of image - on - scalar regression . our penalty combines the smoothly clipped absolute deviation ( scad ) regularization , enforcing s ←
→ study on feature subspace of archetypal emotions for speech emotion recognition ; feature subspace selection is an important part in speech emotion recognition . most of the studies are devoted to finding a feature subspace for representing all emotions . however , some studies have indicated that the features associated with different emotions are not exactly the same . hence , traditional methods may fail to distinguish some of the emotions with just one global feature subspace . in this work , we propose a ne ←
→ on sparsity inducing regularization methods for machine learning ; during the past years there has been an explosion of interest in learning methods based on sparsity regularization . in this paper , we discuss a general class of such methods , in which the regularizer can be expressed as the composition of a convex function $\ omega $ with a linear function . this setting includes several methods such the group lasso , the fused lasso , multi - task learning and many more . we present a general approach for solving r ←
→ learning to generate chairs with generative adversarial nets ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) has gained tremendous popularity lately due to an ability to reinforce quality of its predictive model with generated objects and the quality of the generative model with and supervised feedback . gans allow to synthesize images with a high degree of realism . however , the learning process of such models is a very complicated optimization problem and certain limitation for such models were found . it affects t ←
→ statistics on the ( compact ) stiefel manifold : theory and applications ; a stiefel manifold of the compact type is often encountered in many fields of engineering including , signal and image processing , machine learning , numerical optimization and others . the stiefel manifold is a riemannian homogeneous space but not a symmetric space . in previous work , researchers have defined probability distributions on symmetric spaces and performed statistical analysis of data residing in these spaces . in this paper , we ←
→ inference with possibilistic evidence ; in this paper , the concept of possibilistic evidence which is a possibility distribution as well as a body of evidence is proposed over an infinite universe of discourse . the inference with possibilistic evidence is investigated based on a unified inference framework maintaining both the compatibility of concepts and the consistency of the probability logic .←
→ memoization in constraint logic programming ; this paper shows how to apply memoization ( caching of subgoals and associated answer substitutions ) in a constraint logic programming setting . the research is is motivated by the desire to apply constraint logic programming ( clp ) to problems in natural language processing that involve ( constraint ) interleaving or coroutining , such as gb and hpsg parsing .←
→ a review of temporal aspects of hand gesture analysis applied to discourse analysis and natural conversation ; lately , there has been an increasing interest in hand gesture analysis systems . recent works have employed pattern recognition techniques and have focused on the development of systems with more natural user interfaces . these systems may use gestures to control interfaces or recognize sign language gestures , which can provide systems with multimodal interaction ; or consist in multimodal tools to ←
→ minimax theory for high - dimensional gaussian mixtures with sparse mean separation ; while several papers have investigated computationally and statistically efficient methods for learning gaussian mixtures , precise minimax bounds for their statistical performance as well as fundamental limits in high - dimensional settings are not well - understood . in this paper , we provide precise information theoretic bounds on the clustering accuracy and sample complexity of learning a mixture of two isotropic gaussians i ←
→ semi - supervised bootstrapping approach for named entity recognition ; the aim of named entity recognition ( ner ) is to identify references of named entities in unstructured documents , and to classify them into pre - defined semantic categories . ner often aids from added background knowledge in the form of gazetteers . however using such a collection does not deal with name variants and cannot resolve ambiguities associated in identifying the entities in context and associating them with predefined categories . w ←
→ monaural multi - talker speech recognition using factorial speech processing models ; a pascal challenge entitled monaural multi - talker speech recognition was developed , targeting the problem of robust automatic speech recognition against speech like noises which significantly degrades the performance of automatic speech recognition systems . in this challenge , two competing speakers say a simple command simultaneously and the objective is to recognize speech of the target speaker . surprisingly during the ch ←
→ automatic diagnosis of abnormal tumor region from brain computed tomography images using wavelet based statistical texture features ; the research work presented in this paper is to achieve the tissue classification and automatically diagnosis the abnormal tumor region present in computed tomography ( ct ) images using the wavelet based statistical texture analysis method . comparative studies of texture analysis method are performed for the proposed wavelet based texture analysis method and spatial gray lev ←
→$ l_ { 2 , p }$ matrix norm and its application in feature selection ; recently , $ l_ { 2 , 1 }$ matrix norm has been widely applied to many areas such as computer vision , pattern recognition , biological study and etc . as an extension of $ l_1 $ vector norm , the mixed $ l_ { 2 , 1 }$ matrix norm is often used to find jointly sparse solutions . moreover , an efficient iterative algorithm has been designed to solve $ l_ { 2 , 1 }$- norm involved minimizations . actually , computational studies have showed that $ l_p $- regularization ($ 0 < p < 1 $←
→ a linearly convergent conditional gradient algorithm with applications to online and stochastic optimization ; linear optimization is many times algorithmically simpler than non - linear convex optimization . linear optimization over matroid polytopes , matching polytopes and path polytopes are example of problems for which we have simple and efficient combinatorial algorithms , but whose non - linear convex counterpart is harder and admits significantly less efficient algorithms . this motivates the computationa ←
→ deep variational bayes filters : unsupervised learning of state space models from raw data ; we introduce deep variational bayes filters ( dvbf ), a new method for unsupervised learning and identification of latent markovian state space models . leveraging recent advances in stochastic gradient variational bayes , dvbf can overcome intractable inference distributions via variational inference . thus , it can handle highly nonlinear input data with temporal and spatial dependencies such as image sequences without ←
→ synthesizing dynamic patterns by spatial - temporal generative convnet ; video sequences contain rich dynamic patterns , such as dynamic texture patterns that exhibit stationarity in the temporal domain , and action patterns that are non - stationary in either spatial or temporal domain . we show that a spatial - temporal generative convnet can be used to model and synthesize dynamic patterns . the model defines a probability distribution on the video sequence , and the log probability is defined by a spatial - temporal ←
→ stratified sift matching for human iris recognition ; this paper proposes an efficient three fold stratified sift matching for iris recognition . the objective is to filter wrongly paired conventional sift matches . in strata i , the keypoints from gallery and probe iris images are paired using traditional sift approach . due to high image similarity at different regions of iris there may be some impairments . these are detected and filtered by finding gradient of paired keypoints in strata ii . further , the scal ←
→ pixel objectness ; we propose an end - to - end learning framework for generating foreground object segmentations . given a single novel image , our approach produces pixel - level masks for all " object - like " regions --- even for object categories never seen during training . we formulate the task as a structured prediction problem of assigning foreground / background labels to all pixels , implemented using a deep fully convolutional network . key to our idea is training with a mix of image - level object category examples ←
→ the use of entropy to measure structural diversity ; in this paper entropy based methods are compared and used to measure structural diversity of an ensemble of 21 classifiers . this measure is mostly applied in ecology , whereby species counts are used as a measure of diversity . the measures used were shannon entropy , simpsons and the berger parker diversity indexes . as the diversity indexes increased so did the accuracy of the ensemble . an ensemble dominated by classifiers with the same structure produced p ←
→ designing labeled graph classifiers by exploiting the rényi entropy of the dissimilarity representation ; representing patterns as labeled graphs is becoming increasingly common in the broad field of computational intelligence . accordingly , a wide repertoire of pattern recognition tools , such as classifiers and knowledge discovery procedures , are nowadays available and tested for various datasets of labeled graphs . however , the design of effective learning procedures operating in the space of labeled grap ←
→ rate - distortion analysis of multiview coding in a dibr framework ; depth image based rendering techniques for multiview applications have been recently introduced for efficient view generation at arbitrary camera positions . encoding rate control has thus to consider both texture and depth data . due to different structures of depth and texture images and their different roles on the rendered views , distributing the available bit budget between them however requires a careful analysis . information loss due to ←
→ recommending with an agenda : active learning of private attributes using matrix factorization ; recommender systems leverage user demographic information , such as age , gender , etc ., to personalize recommendations and better place their targeted ads . oftentimes , users do not volunteer this information due to privacy concerns , or due to a lack of initiative in filling out their online profiles . we illustrate a new threat in which a recommender learns private attributes of users who do not voluntarily disclo ←
→ fast approximate $ k $- means via cluster closures ; $ k $- means , a simple and effective clustering algorithm , is one of the most widely used algorithms in multimedia and computer vision community . traditional $ k $- means is an iterative algorithm --- in each iteration new cluster centers are computed and each data point is re - assigned to its nearest center . the cluster re - assignment step becomes prohibitively expensive when the number of data points and cluster centers are large . in this paper , we propose a novel ←
→ humor in collective discourse : unsupervised funniness detection in the new yorker cartoon caption contest ; the new yorker publishes a weekly captionless cartoon . more than 5 , 000 readers submit captions for it . the editors select three of them and ask the readers to pick the funniest one . we describe an experiment that compares a dozen automatic methods for selecting the funniest caption . we show that negative sentiment , human - centeredness , and lexical centrality most strongly match the funniest captions ,←
→ de - noising , stabilizing and completing 3d reconstructions on - the - go using plane priors ; creating 3d maps on robots and other mobile devices has become a reality in recent years . online 3d reconstruction enables many exciting applications in robotics and ar / vr gaming . however , the reconstructions are noisy and generally incomplete . moreover , during onine reconstruction , the surface changes with every newly integrated depth image which poses a significant challenge for physics engines and path planning alg ←
→ optimal convergence rate in feed forward neural networks using hjb equation ; a control theoretic approach is presented in this paper for both batch and instantaneous updates of weights in feed - forward neural networks . the popular hamilton - jacobi - bellman ( hjb ) equation has been used to generate an optimal weight update law . the remarkable contribution in this paper is that closed form solutions for both optimal cost and weight update can be achieved for any feed - forward network using hjb equation in a sim ←
→ training object class detectors with click supervision ; training object class detectors typically requires a large set of images with objects annotated by bounding boxes . however , manually drawing bounding boxes is very time consuming . in this paper we greatly reduce annotation time by proposing center - click annotations : we ask annotators to click on the center of an imaginary bounding box which tightly encloses the object instance . we then incorporate these clicks into existing multiple instance learning ←
→ learning to gather information via imitation ; the budgeted information gathering problem - where a robot with a fixed fuel budget is required to maximize the amount of information gathered from the world - appears in practice across a wide range of applications in autonomous exploration and inspection with mobile robots . although there is an extensive amount of prior work investigating effective approximations of the problem , these methods do not address the fact that their performance is heavily dependent ←
→ geometric multi - model fitting with a convex relaxation algorithm ; we propose a novel method to fit and segment multi - structural data via convex relaxation . unlike greedy methods -- which maximise the number of inliers -- this approach efficiently searches for a soft assignment of points to models by minimising the energy of the overall classification . our approach is similar to state - of - the - art energy minimisation techniques which use a global energy . however , we deal with the scaling factor ( as the number o ←
→ human - aware sensor network ontology : semantic support for empirical data collection ; significant efforts have been made to understand and document knowledge related to scientific measurements . many of those efforts resulted in one or more high - quality ontologies that describe some aspects of scientific measurements , but not in a comprehensive and coherently integrated manner . for instance , we note that many of these high - quality ontologies are not properly aligned , and more challenging , that they have di ←
→ estimating the prevalence of deception in online review communities ; consumers ' purchase decisions are increasingly influenced by user - generated online reviews . accordingly , there has been growing concern about the potential for posting " deceptive opinion spam " -- fictitious reviews that have been deliberately written to sound authentic , to deceive the reader . but while this practice has received considerable public attention and concern , relatively little is known about the actual prevalence , or rate , of ←
→ group affect prediction using multimodal distributions ; we describe our approach towards building an efficient predictive model to detect emotions for a group of people in an image . we have proposed that training a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) model on the emotion heatmaps extracted from the image , outperforms a cnn model trained entirely on the raw images . the comparison of the models have been done on a recently published dataset of emotion recognition in the wild ( emotiw ) challenge , 2017 . the prop ←
→ a new integral loss function for bayesian optimization ; we consider the problem of maximizing a real - valued continuous function $ f $ using a bayesian approach . since the early work of jonas mockus and antanas \ v { z } ilinskas in the 70 ' s , the problem of optimization is usually formulated by considering the loss function $\ max f - m_n $ ( where $ m_n $ denotes the best function value observed after $ n $ evaluations of $ f $). this loss function puts emphasis on the value of the maximum , at the expense of the location ←
→ review mining for feature based opinion summarization and visualization ; the application and usage of opinion mining , especially for business intelligence , product recommendation , targeted marketing etc . have fascinated many research attentions around the globe . various research efforts attempted to mine opinions from customer reviews at different levels of granularity , including word -, sentence -, and document - level . however , development of a fully automatic opinion mining and sentiment analysis system is ←
→ building an interpretable recommender via loss - preserving transformation ; we propose a method for building an interpretable recommender system for personalizing online content and promotions . historical data available for the system consists of customer features , provided content ( promotions ), and user responses . unlike in a standard multi - class classification setting , misclassification costs depend on both recommended actions and customers . our method transforms such a data set to a new set which can be u ←
→ injecting external solutions into cma - es ; this report considers how to inject external candidate solutions into the cma - es algorithm . the injected solutions might stem from a gradient or a newton step , a surrogate model optimizer or any other oracle or search mechanism . they can also be the result of a repair mechanism , for example to render infeasible solutions feasible . only small modifications to the cma - es are necessary to turn injection into a reliable and effective method : too long steps need to be t ←
→ adaptive texture energy measure method ; recent developments in image quality , data storage , and computational capacity have heightened the need for texture analysis in image process . to date various methods have been developed and introduced for assessing textures in images . one of the most popular texture analysis methods is the texture energy measure ( tem ) and it has been used for detecting edges , levels , waves , spots and ripples by employing predefined tem masks to images . despite several success - ful s ←
→ 3d seismic data denoising using two - dimensional sparse coding scheme ; seismic data denoising is vital to geophysical applications and the transform - based function method is one of the most widely used techniques . however , it is challenging to design a suit - able sparse representation to express a transform - based func - tion group due to the complexity of seismic data . in this paper , we apply a seismic data denoising method based on learning - type overcomplete dictionaries which uses two - dimensional sparse c ←
→ probability ranking in vector spaces ; the probability ranking principle states that the document set with the highest values of probability of relevance optimizes information retrieval effectiveness given the probabilities are estimated as accurately as possible . the key point of the principle is the separation of the document set into two subsets with a given level of fallout and with the highest recall . the paper introduces the separation between two vector subspaces and shows that the separation yields ←
→ minimax lower bounds for ridge combinations including neural nets ; estimation of functions of $ d $ variables is considered using ridge combinations of the form $ \ textstyle \ sum_ { k = 1 }^ m c_ { 1 , k } \ phi (\ textstyle \ sum_ { j = 1 }^ d c_ { 0 , j , k } x_j - b_k ) $ where the activation function $ \ phi $ is a function with bounded value and derivative . these include single - hidden layer neural networks , polynomials , and sinusoidal models . from a sample of size $ n $ of possibly noisy values at random sites $ x \ in b = [- 1 , 1 ]^ d $, t ←
→ very deep convolutional neural networks for raw waveforms ; learning acoustic models directly from the raw waveform data with minimal processing is challenging . current waveform - based models have generally used very few (~ 2 ) convolutional layers , which might be insufficient for building high - level discriminative features . in this work , we propose very deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) that directly use time - domain waveforms as inputs . our cnns , with up to 34 weight layers , are efficient to optimize ←
→ structural compression of convolutional neural networks based on greedy filter pruning ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have state - of - the - art performance on many problems in machine vision . however , networks with superior performance often have millions of weights so that it is difficult or impossible to use cnns on computationally limited devices or to humanly interpret them . a myriad of cnn compression approaches have been proposed and they involve pruning and compressing the weights and filters . ←
→ foundations of modern language resource archives ; a number of serious reasons will convince an increasing amount of researchers to store their relevant material in centers which we will call " language resource archives ". they combine the duty of taking care of long - term preservation as well as the task to give access to their material to different user groups . access here is meant in the sense that an active interaction with the data will be made possible to support the integration of new data , new version ←
→ log - linear combinations of monolingual and bilingual neural machine translation models for automatic post - editing ; this paper describes the submission of the amu ( adam mickiewicz university ) team to the automatic post - editing ( ape ) task of wmt 2016 . we explore the application of neural translation models to the ape problem and achieve good results by treating different models as components in a log - linear model , allowing for multiple inputs ( the mt - output and the source ) that are decoded to the same targ ←
→ co - clustering network - constrained trajectory data ; recently , clustering moving object trajectories kept gaining interest from both the data mining and machine learning communities . this problem , however , was studied mainly and extensively in the setting where moving objects can move freely on the euclidean space . in this paper , we study the problem of clustering trajectories of vehicles whose movement is restricted by the underlying road network . we model relations between these trajectories and road segme ←
→ comparing simulation output accuracy of discrete event and agent based models : a quantitive approach ; in our research we investigate the output accuracy of discrete event simulation models and agent based simulation models when studying human centric complex systems . in this paper we focus on human reactive behaviour as it is possible in both modelling approaches to implement human reactive behaviour in the model by using standard methods . as a case study we have chosen the retail sector , and here in par ←
→ technical analysis on financial forecasting ; financial forecasting is an estimation of future financial outcomes for a company , industry , country using historical internal accounting and sales data . we may predict the future outcome of bse_sensex practically by some soft computing techniques and can also optimized using pso ( particle swarm optimization ), ea ( evolutionary algorithm ) or dea ( differential evolutionary algorithm ) etc . pso is a biologically inspired computational search & optimization method de ←
→ pros and cons of gan evaluation measures ; generative models , in particular generative adverserial networks ( gans ), have received a lot of attention recently . a number of gan variants have been proposed and have been utilized in many applications . despite large strides in terms of theoretical progress , evaluating and comparing gans remains a daunting task . while several measures have been introduced , as of yet , there is no consensus as to which measure best captures strengths and limitations of models and s ←
→ robustness evaluation of two ccg , a pcfg and a link grammar parsers ; robustness in a parser refers to an ability to deal with exceptional phenomena . a parser is robust if it deals with phenomena outside its normal range of inputs . this paper reports on a series of robustness evaluations of state - of - the - art parsers in which we concentrated on one aspect of robustness : its ability to parse sentences containing misspelled words . we propose two measures for robustness evaluation based on a comparison of a pars ←
→ general scaled support vector machines ; support vector machines ( svms ) are popular tools for data mining tasks such as classification , regression , and density estimation . however , original svm ( c - svm ) only considers local information of data points on or over the margin . therefore , c - svm loses robustness . to solve this problem , one approach is to translate ( i . e ., to move without rotation or change of shape ) the hyperplane according to the distribution of the entire data . but existing work can only be appli ←
→ optimal choice : new machine learning problem and its solution ; the task of learning to pick a single preferred example out a finite set of examples , an " optimal choice problem ", is a supervised machine learning problem with complex , structured input . problems of optimal choice emerge often in various practical applications . we formalize the problem , show that it does not satisfy the assumptions of statistical learning theory , yet it can be solved efficiently in some cases . we propose two approaches to solv ←
→ random forests and vgg - net : an algorithm for the isic 2017 skin lesion classification challenge ; this manuscript briefly describes an algorithm developed for the isic 2017 skin lesion classification competition . in this task , participants are asked to complete two independent binary image classification tasks that involve three unique diagnoses of skin lesions ( melanoma , nevus , and seborrheic keratosis ). in the first binary classification task , participants are asked to distinguish between ( a ) melanoma a ←
→ forest sparsity for multi - channel compressive sensing ; in this paper , we investigate a new compressive sensing model for multi - channel sparse data where each channel can be represented as a hierarchical tree and different channels are highly correlated . therefore , the full data could follow the forest structure and we call this property as \ emph { forest sparsity }. it exploits both intra - and inter - channel correlations and enriches the family of existing model - based compressive sensing theories . the propose ←
→ smpost : parts of speech tagger for code - mixed indic social media text ; use of social media has grown dramatically during the last few years . users follow informal languages in communicating through social media . the language of communication is often mixed in nature , where people transcribe their regional language with english and this technique is found to be extremely popular . natural language processing ( nlp ) aims to infer the information from these text where part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging plays an impor ←
→ the bregman variational dual - tree framework ; graph - based methods provide a powerful tool set for many non - parametric frameworks in machine learning . in general , the memory and computational complexity of these methods is quadratic in the number of examples in the data which makes them quickly infeasible for moderate to large scale datasets . a significant effort to find more efficient solutions to the problem has been made in the literature . one of the state - of - the - art methods that has been recently introdu ←
→ using additional indexes for fast full - text search of phrases that contains frequently used words ; searches for phrases and word sets in large text arrays by means of additional indexes are considered . their use may reduce the query - processing time by an order of magnitude in comparison with standard inverted files .←
→ recognizing dynamic scenes with deep dual descriptor based on key frames and key segments ; recognizing dynamic scenes is one of the fundamental problems in scene understanding , which categorizes moving scenes such as a forest fire , landslide , or avalanche . while existing methods focus on reliable capturing of static and dynamic information , few works have explored frame selection from a dynamic scene sequence . in this paper , we propose dynamic scene recognition using a deep dual descriptor based on ` key ←
→ recognition of regular shapes in satelite images ; this paper has been withdrawn by the author ali pourmohammad .←
→ tractable triangles and cross - free convexity in discrete optimisation ; the minimisation problem of a sum of unary and pairwise functions of discrete variables is a general np - hard problem with wide applications such as computing map configurations in markov random fields ( mrf ), minimising gibbs energy , or solving binary valued constraint satisfaction problems ( vcsps ). we study the computational complexity of classes of discrete optimisation problems given by allowing only certain types of costs in every ←
→ approximation of the truncated zeta distribution and zipf ' s law ; zipf ' s law appears in many application areas but does not have a closed form expression , which may make its use cumbersome . since it coincides with the truncated version of the zeta distribution , in this paper we propose three approximate closed form expressions for the truncated zeta distribution , which may be employed for zipf ' s law as well . the three approximations are based on the replacement of the sum occurring in zipf ' s law with an int ←
→ a multiple component matching framework for person re - identification ; person re - identification consists in recognizing an individual that has already been observed over a network of cameras . it is a novel and challenging research topic in computer vision , for which no reference framework exists yet . despite this , previous works share similar representations of human body based on part decomposition and the implicit concept of multiple instances . building on these similarities , we propose a multiple compone ←
→ extracting traffic primitives directly from naturalistically logged data for self - driving applications ; developing an automated vehicle , that can handle the complicated driving scenarios and appropriately interact with other road users , requires the ability to semantically learn and understand the driving environment , oftentimes , based on the analysis of massive amount of naturalistic driving data . an important paradigm that allows automated vehicles to both learn from human drivers and develop deeper in ←
→ yin and yang : balancing and answering binary visual questions ; the complex compositional structure of language makes problems at the intersection of vision and language challenging . but language also provides a strong prior that can result in good superficial performance , without the underlying models truly understanding the visual content . this can hinder progress in pushing state of art in the computer vision aspects of multi - modal ai . in this paper , we address binary visual question answering ( vqa ) on a ←
→ analyzer and generator for pali ; this work describes a system that performs morphological analysis and generation of pali words . the system works with regular inflectional paradigms and a lexical database . the generator is used to build a collection of inflected and derived words , which in turn is used by the analyzer . generating and storing morphological forms along with the corresponding morphological information allows for efficient and simple look up by the analyzer . indeed , by looking up a word and ex ←
→ the indian spontaneous expression database for emotion recognition ; automatic recognition of spontaneous facial expressions is a major challenge in the field of affective computing . head rotation , face pose , illumination variation , occlusion etc . are the attributes that increase the complexity of recognition of spontaneous expressions in practical applications . effective recognition of expressions depends significantly on the quality of the database used . most well - known facial expression databases consist ←
→ interacting attention - gated recurrent networks for recommendation ; capturing the temporal dynamics of user preferences over items is important for recommendation . existing methods mainly assume that all time steps in user - item interaction history are equally relevant to recommendation , which however does not apply in real - world scenarios where user - item interactions can often happen accidentally . more importantly , they learn user and item dynamics separately , thus failing to capture their joint effects on ←
→ image reconstruction with imperfect forward models and applications in deblurring ; we present and analyse an approach to image reconstruction problems with imperfect forward models based on partially ordered spaces - banach lattices . in this approach , errors in the data and in the forward models are described using order intervals . the method can be characterised as the lattice analogue of the residual method , where the feasible set is defined by linear inequality constraints . the study of this feasible ←
→ texture analysis and characterization using probability fractal descriptors ; a gray - level image texture descriptors based on fractal dimension estimation is proposed in this work . the proposed method estimates the fractal dimension using probability ( voss ) method . the descriptors are computed applying a multiscale transform to the fractal dimension curves of the texture image . the proposed texture descriptor method is evaluated in a classification task of well known benchmark texture datasets . the result ←
→ learning and inferring relations in cortical networks ; a pressing scientific challenge is to understand how brains work . of particular interest is the neocortex , the part of the brain that is especially large in humans , capable of handling a wide variety of tasks including visual , auditory , language , motor , and abstract processing . these functionalities are processed in different self - organized regions of the neocortical sheet , and yet the anatomical structure carrying out the processing is relatively unifo ←
→ driving in the matrix : can virtual worlds replace human - generated annotations for real world tasks ? ; deep learning has rapidly transformed the state of the art algorithms used to address a variety of problems in computer vision and robotics . these breakthroughs have relied upon massive amounts of human annotated training data . this time consuming process has begun impeding the progress of these deep learning efforts . this paper describes a method to incorporate photo - realistic computer images from a simu ←
→ a comprehensive survey of graph embedding : problems , techniques and applications ; graph is an important data representation which appears in a wide diversity of real - world scenarios . effective graph analytics provides users a deeper understanding of what is behind the data , and thus can benefit a lot of useful applications such as node classification , node recommendation , link prediction , etc . however , most graph analytics methods suffer the high computation and space cost . graph embedding is an effectiv ←
→ multiclass road sign detection using multiplicative kernel ; we consider the problem of multiclass road sign detection using a classification function with multiplicative kernel comprised from two kernels . we show that problems of detection and within - foreground classification can be jointly solved by using one kernel to measure object - background differences and another one to account for within - class variations . the main idea behind this approach is that road signs from different foreground variations can ←
→ word2vec parameter learning explained ; the word2vec model and application by mikolov et al . have attracted a great amount of attention in recent two years . the vector representations of words learned by word2vec models have been shown to carry semantic meanings and are useful in various nlp tasks . as an increasing number of researchers would like to experiment with word2vec or similar techniques , i notice that there lacks a material that comprehensively explains the parameter learning process of word embed ←
→ performance measures and a data set for multi - target , multi - camera tracking ; to help accelerate progress in multi - target , multi - camera tracking systems , we present ( i ) a new pair of precision - recall measures of performance that treats errors of all types uniformly and emphasizes correct identification over sources of error ; ( ii ) the largest fully - annotated and calibrated data set to date with more than 2 million frames of 1080p , 60fps video taken by 8 cameras observing more than 2 , 700 identities over 85 ←
→ solving the wastewater treatment plant problem with smt ; in this paper we introduce the wastewater treatment plant problem , a real - world scheduling problem , and compare the performance of several tools on it . we show that , for a naive modeling , state - of - the - art smt solvers outperform other tools ranging from mathematical programming to constraint programming . we use both real and randomly generated benchmarks . from this and similar results , we claim for the convenience of developing compiler front - ends b ←
→ leveraging native language speech for accent identification using deep siamese networks ; the problem of automatic accent identification is important for several applications like speaker profiling and recognition as well as for improving speech recognition systems . the accented nature of speech can be primarily attributed to the influence of the speaker ' s native language on the given speech recording . in this paper , we propose a novel accent identification system whose training exploits speech in native ←
→ an integrated platform for live 3d human reconstruction and motion capturing ; the latest developments in 3d capturing , processing , and rendering provide means to unlock novel 3d application pathways . the main elements of an integrated platform , which target tele - immersion and future 3d applications , are described in this paper , addressing the tasks of real - time capturing , robust 3d human shape / appearance reconstruction , and skeleton - based motion tracking . more specifically , initially , the details of a mu ←
→ learning deep neural networks for vehicle re - id with visual - spatio - temporal path proposals ; vehicle re - identification is an important problem and has many applications in video surveillance and intelligent transportation . it gains increasing attention because of the recent advances of person re - identification techniques . however , unlike person re - identification , the visual differences between pairs of vehicle images are usually subtle and even challenging for humans to distinguish . incorporating addition ←
→ a variant of azuma ' s inequality for martingales with subgaussian tails ; we provide a variant of azuma ' s concentration inequality for martingales , in which the standard boundedness requirement is replaced by the milder requirement of a subgaussian tail .←
→ chatbot for admissions ; the communication of potential students with a university department is performed manually and it is a very time consuming procedure . the opportunity to communicate with on a one - to - one basis is highly valued . however with many hundreds of applications each year , one - to - one conversations are not feasible in most cases . the communication will require a member of academic staff to expend several hours to find suitable answers and contact each student . it would be useful to reduce his ←
→ presynaptic modulation as fast synaptic switching : state - dependent modulation of task performance ; neuromodulatory receptors in presynaptic position have the ability to suppress synaptic transmission for seconds to minutes when fully engaged . this effectively alters the synaptic strength of a connection . much work on neuromodulation has rested on the assumption that these effects are uniform at every neuron . however , there is considerable evidence to suggest that presynaptic regulation may be in effect s ←
→ decentralized multi - agent plan repair in dynamic environments ; achieving joint objectives by teams of cooperative planning agents requires significant coordination and communication efforts . for a single - agent system facing a plan failure in a dynamic environment , arguably , attempts to repair the failed plan in general do not straightforwardly bring any benefit in terms of time complexity . however , in multi - agent settings the communication complexity might be of a much higher importance , possibly a high co ←
→ a frobenius model of information structure in categorical compositional distributional semantics ; the categorical compositional distributional model of coecke , sadrzadeh and clark provides a linguistically motivated procedure for computing the meaning of a sentence as a function of the distributional meaning of the words therein . the theoretical framework allows for reasoning about compositional aspects of language and offers structural ways of studying the underlying relationships . while the model so fa ←
→ learning to route with sparse trajectory sets --- extended version ; motivated by the increasing availability of vehicle trajectory data , we propose learn - to - route , a comprehensive trajectory - based routing solution . specifically , we first construct a graph - like structure from trajectories as the routing infrastructure . second , we enable trajectory - based routing given an arbitrary ( source , destination ) pair . in the first step , given a road network and a collection of trajectories , we propose a trajectory - bas ←
→ reference resolution beyond coreference : a conceptual frame and its application ; a model for reference use in communication is proposed , from a representationist point of view . both the sender and the receiver of a message handle representations of their common environment , including mental representations of objects . reference resolution by a computer is viewed as the construction of object representations using referring expressions from the discourse , whereas often only coreference links between such ←
→ hybrid model for word prediction using naive bayes and latent information ; historically , the natural language processing area has been given too much attention by many researchers . one of the main motivation beyond this interest is related to the word prediction problem , which states that given a set words in a sentence , one can recommend the next word . in literature , this problem is solved by methods based on syntactic or semantic analysis . solely , each of these analysis cannot achieve practical results ←
→ sketch recognition using domain classification ; conceptualizing away the sketch processing details in a user interface will enable general users and domain experts to create more complex sketches . there are many domains for which sketch recognition systems are being developed . but they entail image - processing skill if they are to handle the details of each domain , and also they are lengthy to build . the implemented system goal is to enable user interface designers and domain experts who may not have profic ←
→ saliency detection by aggregating complementary background template with optimization framework ; this paper proposes an unsupervised bottom - up saliency detection approach by aggregating complementary background template with refinement . feature vectors are extracted from each superpixel to cover regional color , contrast and texture information . by using these features , a coarse detection for salient region is realized based on background template achieved by different combinations of boundary regions ins ←
→ long - range fractal correlations in literary corpora ; in this paper we analyse the fractal structure of long human - language records by mapping large samples of texts onto time series . the particular mapping set up in this work is inspired on linguistic basis in the sense that is retains {\ em the word } as the fundamental unit of communication . the results confirm that beyond the short - range correlations resulting from syntactic rules acting at sentence level , long - range structures emerge in large written lan ←
→ communication - efficient distributed sparse linear discriminant analysis ; we propose a communication - efficient distributed estimation method for sparse linear discriminant analysis ( lda ) in the high dimensional regime . our method distributes the data of size $ n $ into $ m $ machines , and estimates a local sparse lda estimator on each machine using the data subset of size $ n / m $. after the distributed estimation , our method aggregates the debiased local estimators from $ m $ machines , and sparsifies the aggregated ←
→ computational complexity analysis of simple genetic programming on two problems modeling isolated program semantics ; analyzing the computational complexity of evolutionary algorithms for binary search spaces has significantly increased their theoretical understanding . with this paper , we start the computational complexity analysis of genetic programming . we set up several simplified genetic programming algorithms and analyze them on two separable model problems , order and majority , each of which captures ←
→ building bridges : viewing active learning from the multi - armed bandit lens ; in this paper we propose a multi - armed bandit inspired , pool based active learning algorithm for the problem of binary classification . by carefully constructing an analogy between active learning and multi - armed bandits , we utilize ideas such as lower confidence bounds , and self - concordant regularization from the multi - armed bandit literature to design our proposed algorithm . our algorithm is a sequential algorithm , which in each ←
→ proceedings of the 2016 workshop on semantic spaces at the intersection of nlp , physics and cognitive science ; this volume contains the proceedings of the 2016 workshop on semantic spaces at the intersection of nlp , physics and cognitive science ( slpcs 2016 ), which was held on the 11th of june at the university of strathclyde , glasgow , and was co - located with quantum physics and logic ( qpl 2016 ). exploiting the common ground provided by the concept of a vector space , the workshop brought together researc ←
→ orthogonal symmetric non - negative matrix factorization under the stochastic block model ; we present a method based on the orthogonal symmetric non - negative matrix tri - factorization of the normalized laplacian matrix for community detection in complex networks . while the exact factorization of a given order may not exist and is np hard to compute , we obtain an approximate factorization by solving an optimization problem . we establish the connection of the factors obtained through the factorization to a no ←
→ multi - label learning with global and local label correlation ; it is well - known that exploiting label correlations is important to multi - label learning . existing approaches either assume that the label correlations are global and shared by all instances ; or that the label correlations are local and shared only by a data subset . in fact , in the real - world applications , both cases may occur that some label correlations are globally applicable and some are shared only in a local group of instances . moreover , i ←
→ conservative , proportional and optimistic contextual discounting in the belief functions theory ; information discounting plays an important role in the theory of belief functions and , generally , in information fusion . nevertheless , neither classical uniform discounting nor contextual cannot model certain use cases , notably temporal discounting . in this article , new contextual discounting schemes , conservative , proportional and optimistic , are proposed . some properties of these discounting operations are ←
→ learning transformations for clustering and classification ; a low - rank transformation learning framework for subspace clustering and classification is here proposed . many high - dimensional data , such as face images and motion sequences , approximately lie in a union of low - dimensional subspaces . the corresponding subspace clustering problem has been extensively studied in the literature to partition such high - dimensional data into clusters corresponding to their underlying low - dimensional subspaces . however ,←
→ relational models ; we provide a survey on relational models . relational models describe complete networked { domains by taking into account global dependencies in the data }. relational models can lead to more accurate predictions if compared to non - relational machine learning approaches . relational models typically are based on probabilistic graphical models , e . g ., bayesian networks , markov networks , or latent variable models . relational models have applications in social networks analysis , the modeling of ←
→ incremental active opinion learning over a stream of opinionated documents ; applications that learn from opinionated documents , like tweets or product reviews , face two challenges . first , the opinionated documents constitute an evolving stream , where both the author ' s attitude and the vocabulary itself may change . second , labels of documents are scarce and labels of words are unreliable , because the sentiment of a word depends on the ( unknown ) context in the author ' s mind . most of the research on mining ←
→ on the universality of online mirror descent ; we show that for a general class of convex online learning problems , mirror descent can always achieve a ( nearly ) optimal regret guarantee .←
→ dataset and neural recurrent sequence labeling model for open - domain factoid question answering ; while question answering ( qa ) with neural network , i . e . neural qa , has achieved promising results in recent years , lacking of large scale real - word qa dataset is still a challenge for developing and evaluating neural qa system . to alleviate this problem , we propose a large scale human annotated real - world qa dataset webqa with more than 42k questions and 556k evidences . as existing neural qa methods resolve q ←
→ sentence similarity measures for fine - grained estimation of topical relevance in learner essays ; we investigate the task of assessing sentence - level prompt relevance in learner essays . various systems using word overlap , neural embeddings and neural compositional models are evaluated on two datasets of learner writing . we propose a new method for sentence - level similarity calculation , which learns to adjust the weights of pre - trained word embeddings for a specific task , achieving substantially higher acc ←
→ the upper bound on knots in neural networks ; neural networks with rectified linear unit activations are essentially multivariate linear splines . as such , one of many ways to measure the " complexity " or " expressivity " of a neural network is to count the number of knots in the spline model . we study the number of knots in fully - connected feedforward neural networks with rectified linear unit activation functions . we intentionally keep the neural networks very simple , so as to make theoretical analyses more a ←
→ fuzzy approaches to context variable in fuzzy geographically weighted clustering ; fuzzy geographically weighted clustering ( fgwc ) is considered as a suitable tool for the analysis of geo - demographic data that assists the provision and planning of products and services to local people . context variables were attached to fgwc in order to accelerate the computing speed of the algorithm and to focus the results on the domain of interests . nonetheless , the determination of exact , crisp values of the context v ←
→ hierarchical maximum - margin clustering ; we present a hierarchical maximum - margin clustering method for unsupervised data analysis . our method extends beyond flat maximum - margin clustering , and performs clustering recursively in a top - down manner . we propose an effective greedy splitting criteria for selecting which cluster to split next , and employ regularizers that enforce feature sharing / competition for capturing data semantics . experimental results obtained on four standard datasets show that our method ←
→ syntax and semantics of italian poetry in the first half of the 20th century ; in this paper we study , analyse and comment rhetorical figures present in some of most interesting poetry of the first half of the twentieth century . these figures are at first traced back to some famous poet of the past and then compared to classical latin prose . linguistic theory is then called in to show how they can be represented in syntactic structures and classified as noncanonical structures , by positioning discontinuou ←
→ automatic classification of the complexity of nonfiction texts in portuguese for early school years ; recent research shows that most brazilian students have serious problems regarding their reading skills . the full development of this skill is key for the academic and professional future of every citizen . tools for classifying the complexity of reading materials for children aim to improve the quality of the model of teaching reading and text comprehension . for english , fengs work [ 11 ] is considered the ←
→ graph classification via deep learning with virtual nodes ; learning representation for graph classification turns a variable - size graph into a fixed - size vector ( or matrix ). such a representation works nicely with algebraic manipulations . here we introduce a simple method to augment an attributed graph with a virtual node that is bidirectionally connected to all existing nodes . the virtual node represents the latent aspects of the graph , which are not immediately available from the attributes and local con ←
→ falcon : feature driven selective classification for energy - efficient image recognition ; machine - learning algorithms have shown outstanding image recognition or classification performance for computer vision applications . however , the compute and energy requirement for implementing such classifier models for large - scale problems is quite high . in this paper , we propose feature driven selective classification ( falcon ) inspired by the biological visual attention mechanism in the brain to optimize the energy ←
→ sparse coding of neural word embeddings for multilingual sequence labeling ; in this paper we propose and carefully evaluate a sequence labeling framework which solely utilizes sparse indicator features derived from dense distributed word representations . the proposed model obtains ( near ) state - of - the art performance for both part - of - speech tagging and named entity recognition for a variety of languages . our model relies only on a few thousand sparse coding - derived features , without applying any modificat ←
→ convolutional neural networks and data augmentation for spectral - spatial classification of hyperspectral images ; spectral - spatial classification of remotely sensed hyperspectral images has been the subject of many studies in recent years . current methods achieve excellent performance on benchmark hyperspectral image labeling tasks when a sufficient number of labeled pixels is available . however , in the presence of only very few labeled pixels , such classification becomes a challenging problem . in this ←
→ rademacher complexity of stationary sequences ; we show how to control the generalization error of time series models wherein past values of the outcome are used to predict future values . the results are based on a generalization of standard i . i . d . concentration inequalities to dependent data without the mixing assumptions common in the time series setting . our proof and the result are simpler than previous analyses with dependent data or stochastic adversaries which use sequential rademacher complexities r ←
→ self - organizing time map : an abstraction of temporal multivariate patterns ; this paper adopts and adapts kohonen ' s standard self - organizing map ( som ) for exploratory temporal structure analysis . the self - organizing time map ( sotm ) implements som - type learning to one - dimensional arrays for individual time units , preserves the orientation with short - term memory and arranges the arrays in an ascending order of time . the two - dimensional representation of the sotm attempts thus twofold topology preservation , ←
→ linear regression with shuffled labels ; is it possible to perform linear regression on datasets whose labels are shuffled with respect to the inputs ? we explore this question by proposing several estimators that recover the weights of a noisy linear model from labels that are shuffled by an unknown permutation . we show that the analog of the classical least - squares estimator produces inconsistent estimates in this setting , and introduce an estimator based on the self - moments of the input features and label ←
→ pattern - based approach to the workflow satisfiability problem with user - independent constraints ; the fixed parameter tractable ( fpt ) approach is a powerful tool in tackling computationally hard problems . in this paper , we link fpt results to classic artificial intelligence ( ai ) techniques to show how they complement each other . specifically , we consider the workflow satisfiability problem ( wsp ) which asks whether there exists an assignment of authorised users to the steps in a workflow specification , sub ←
→ personalizing human video pose estimation ; we propose a personalized convnet pose estimator that automatically adapts itself to the uniqueness of a person ' s appearance to improve pose estimation in long videos . we make the following contributions : ( i ) we show that given a few high - precision pose annotations , e . g . from a generic convnet pose estimator , additional annotations can be generated throughout the video using a combination of image - based matching for temporally distant frames , and dense optical flo ←
→ machine learning , deepest learning : statistical data assimilation problems ; we formulate a strong equivalence between machine learning , artificial intelligence methods and the formulation of statistical data assimilation as used widely in physical and biological sciences . the correspondence is that layer number in the artificial network setting is the analog of time in the data assimilation setting . within the discussion of this equivalence we show that adding more layers ( making the network deeper ) is a ←
→ creation of digital test form for prepress department ; the main problem in colour management in prepress department is lack of availability of literature on colour management and knowledge gap between prepress department and press department . so a digital test from has been created by adobe photoshop to analyse the icc profile and to create a new profile and this analysed data is used to study about various grey scale of rgb and cmyk images . that helps in conversion of image from rgb to cmyk in prepress de ←
→ dynamic pricing in high - dimensions ; we study the pricing problem faced by a firm that sells a large number of products , described via a wide range of features , to customers that arrive over time . customers independently make purchasing decisions according to a general choice model that includes products features and customers ' characteristics , encoded as $ d $- dimensional numerical vectors , as well as the price offered . the parameters of the choice model are a priori unknown to the firm , but can be learned a ←
→ tight bounds on the optimization time of the ( 1 + 1 ) ea on linear functions ; the analysis of randomized search heuristics on classes of functions is fundamental for the understanding of the underlying stochastic process and the development of suitable proof techniques . recently , remarkable progress has been made in bounding the expected optimization time of the simple ( 1 + 1 ) ea on the class of linear functions . we improve the best known bound in this setting from $( 1 . 39 + o ( 1 )) en \ ln n $ to $ en \ ln n + o ( n )$ in ex ←
→ forecasting hands and objects in future frames ; this paper presents an approach to forecast future presence and location of human hands and objects . given an image frame , the goal is to predict what objects will appear in the future frame ( e . g ., 5 seconds later ) and where they will be located at , even when they are not visible in the current frame . the key idea is that ( 1 ) an intermediate representation of a convolutional object recognition model abstracts scene information in its frame and that ( 2 ) we can ←
→ tight semi - nonnegative matrix factorization ; the nonnegative matrix factorization is a widely used , flexible matrix decomposition , finding applications in biology , image and signal processing and information retrieval , among other areas . here we present a related matrix factorization . a multi - objective optimization problem finds conical combinations of templates that approximate a given data matrix . the templates are chosen so that as far as possible only the initial data set can be represented this way . h ←
→ non - distributional word vector representations ; data - driven representation learning for words is a technique of central importance in nlp . while indisputably useful as a source of features in downstream tasks , such vectors tend to consist of uninterpretable components whose relationship to the categories of traditional lexical semantic theories is tenuous at best . we present a method for constructing interpretable word vectors from hand - crafted linguistic resources like wordnet , framenet etc . these vectors ←
→ on the symmetrical kullback - leibler jeffreys centroids ; due to the success of the bag - of - word modeling paradigm , clustering histograms has become an important ingredient of modern information processing . clustering histograms can be performed using the celebrated $ k $- means centroid - based algorithm . from the viewpoint of applications , it is usually required to deal with symmetric distances . in this letter , we consider the jeffreys divergence that symmetrizes the kullback - leibler divergence , and investigate ←
→ word sense disambiguation : a survey ; in this paper , we made a survey on word sense disambiguation ( wsd ). near about in all major languages around the world , research in wsd has been conducted upto different extents . in this paper , we have gone through a survey regarding the different approaches adopted in different research works , the state of the art in the performance in this domain , recent works in different indian languages and finally a survey in bengali language . we have made a survey on different co ←
→ answering fuzzy conjunctive queries over finitely valued fuzzy ontologies ; fuzzy description logics ( dls ) provide a means for representing vague knowledge about an application domain . in this paper , we study fuzzy extensions of conjunctive queries ( cqs ) over the dl $\ mathcal { sroiq }$ based on finite chains of degrees of truth . to answer such queries , we extend a well - known technique that reduces the fuzzy ontology to a classical one , and use classical dl reasoners as a black box . we improve the complexity ←
→ parallelized kendall ' s tau coefficient computation via simd vectorized sorting on many - integrated - core processors ; pairwise association measure is an important operation in data analytics . kendall ' s tau coefficient is one widely used correlation coefficient identifying non - linear relationships between ordinal variables . in this paper , we investigated a parallel algorithm accelerating all - pairs kendall ' s tau coefficient computation via single instruction multiple data ( simd ) vectorized sorting on intel xe ←
→ spatial contrasting for deep unsupervised learning ; convolutional networks have marked their place over the last few years as the best performing model for various visual tasks . they are , however , most suited for supervised learning from large amounts of labeled data . previous attempts have been made to use unlabeled data to improve model performance by applying unsupervised techniques . these attempts require different architectures and training methods . in this work we present a novel approach for unsuper ←
→ information content versus word length in random typing ; recently , it has been claimed that a linear relationship between a measure of information content and word length is expected from word length optimization and it has been shown that this linearity is supported by a strong correlation between information content and word length in many languages ( piantadosi et al . 2011 , pnas 108 , 3825 - 3826 ). here , we study in detail some connections between this measure and standard information theory . the relationsh ←
→ learning convex regularizers for optimal bayesian denoising ; we propose a data - driven algorithm for the maximum a posteriori ( map ) estimation of stochastic processes from noisy observations . the primary statistical properties of the sought signal is specified by the penalty function ( i . e ., negative logarithm of the prior probability density function ). our alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm )- based approach translates the estimation task into successive applications of the proximal mapping of ←
→ scalable methods for nonnegative matrix factorizations of near - separable tall - and - skinny matrices ; numerous algorithms are used for nonnegative matrix factorization under the assumption that the matrix is nearly separable . in this paper , we show how to make these algorithms efficient for data matrices that have many more rows than columns , so - called " tall - and - skinny matrices ". one key component to these improved methods is an orthogonal matrix transformation that preserves the separability of the nmf pro ←
→ semi - supervised learning for neural machine translation ; while end - to - end neural machine translation ( nmt ) has made remarkable progress recently , nmt systems only rely on parallel corpora for parameter estimation . since parallel corpora are usually limited in quantity , quality , and coverage , especially for low - resource languages , it is appealing to exploit monolingual corpora to improve nmt . we propose a semi - supervised approach for training nmt models on the concatenation of labeled ( parallel corpora ) and ←
→ on the necessity of irrelevant variables ; this work explores the effects of relevant and irrelevant boolean variables on the accuracy of classifiers . the analysis uses the assumption that the variables are conditionally independent given the class , and focuses on a natural family of learning algorithms for such sources when the relevant variables have a small advantage over random guessing . the main result is that algorithms relying predominately on irrelevant variables have error probabilities that quickl ←
→ on improving the capacity of solving large - scale wireless network design problems by genetic algorithms ; over the last decade , wireless networks have experienced an impressive growth and now play a main role in many telecommunications systems . as a consequence , scarce radio resources , such as frequencies , became congested and the need for effective and efficient assignment methods arose . in this work , we present a genetic algorithm for solving large instances of the power , frequency and modulation assign ←
→ collaborative summarization of topic - related videos ; large collections of videos are grouped into clusters by a topic keyword , such as eiffel tower or surfing , with many important visual concepts repeating across them . such a topically close set of videos have mutual influence on each other , which could be used to summarize one of them by exploiting information from others in the set . we build on this intuition to develop a novel approach to extract a summary that simultaneously captures both important par ←
→ decoding - history - based adaptive control of attention for neural machine translation ; attention - based sequence - to - sequence model has proved successful in neural machine translation ( nmt ). however , the attention without consideration of decoding history , which includes the past information in the decoder and the attention mechanism , often causes much repetition . to address this problem , we propose the decoding - history - based adaptive control of attention ( aca ) for the nmt model . aca learns to control the at ←
→ locally adaptive block thresholding method with continuity constraint ; we present an algorithm that enables one to perform locally adaptive block thresholding , while maintaining image continuity . images are divided into sub - images based some standard image attributes and thresholding technique is employed over the sub - images . the present algorithm makes use of the thresholds of neighboring sub - images to calculate a range of values . the image continuity is taken care by choosing the threshold of the sub - ima ←
→ a joint model for word embedding and word morphology ; this paper presents a joint model for performing unsupervised morphological analysis on words , and learning a character - level composition function from morphemes to word embeddings . our model splits individual words into segments , and weights each segment according to its ability to predict context words . our morphological analysis is comparable to dedicated morphological analyzers at the task of morpheme boundary recovery , and also performs better than ←
→ optimal and adaptive algorithms for online boosting ; we study online boosting , the task of converting any weak online learner into a strong online learner . based on a novel and natural definition of weak online learnability , we develop two online boosting algorithms . the first algorithm is an online version of boost - by - majority . by proving a matching lower bound , we show that this algorithm is essentially optimal in terms of the number of weak learners and the sample complexity needed to achieve a specifie ←
→ efficient decision - making by volume - conserving physical object ; we demonstrate that any physical object , as long as its volume is conserved when coupled with suitable operations , provides a sophisticated decision - making capability . we consider the problem of finding , as accurately and quickly as possible , the most profitable option from a set of options that gives stochastic rewards . these decisions are made as dictated by a physical object , which is moved in a manner similar to the fluctuations of a rigid ←
→ transparallel mind : classical computing with quantum power ; inspired by the extraordinary computing power promised by quantum computers , the quantum mind hypothesis postulated that quantum mechanical phenomena are the source of neuronal synchronization , which , in turn , might underlie consciousness . here , i present an alternative inspired by a classical computing method with quantum power . this method relies on special distributed representations called hyperstrings . hyperstrings are superpositions of up to ←
→ probabilistic modeling of progressive filtering ; progressive filtering is a simple way to perform hierarchical classification , inspired by the behavior that most humans put into practice while attempting to categorize an item according to an underlying taxonomy . each node of the taxonomy being associated with a different category , one may visualize the categorization process by looking at the item going downwards through all the nodes that accept it as belonging to the corresponding category . this paper is ←
→ a study of car - to - train assignment problem for rail express cargos on scheduled and unscheduled train service network ; freight train services in a railway network system are generally divided into two categories : one is the unscheduled train , whose operating frequency fluctuates with origin - destination ( od ) demands ; the other is the scheduled train , which is running based on regular timetable just like the passenger trains . the timetable will be released to the public if determined and it would not be in ←
→ one for all : towards language independent named entity linking ; entity linking ( el ) is the task of disambiguating mentions in text by associating them with entries in a predefined database of mentions ( persons , organizations , etc ). most previous el research has focused mainly on one language , english , with less attention being paid to other languages , such as spanish or chinese . in this paper , we introduce liel , a language independent entity linking system , which provides an el framework which , once traine ←
→ classification with extreme learning machine and ensemble algorithms over randomly partitioned data ; in this age of big data , machine learning based data mining methods are extensively used to inspect large scale data sets . deriving applicable predictive modeling from these type of data sets is a challenging obstacle because of their high complexity . opportunity with high data availability levels , automated classification of data sets has become a critical and complicated function . in this paper , the pow ←
→ the fast haar wavelet transform for signal & image processing ; a method for the design of fast haar wavelet for signal processing and image processing has been proposed . in the proposed work , the analysis bank and synthesis bank of haar wavelet is modified by using polyphase structure . finally , the fast haar wavelet was designed and it satisfies alias free and perfect reconstruction condition . computational time and computational complexity is reduced in fast haar wavelet transform .←
→ image aesthetic evaluation using paralleled deep convolution neural network ; image aesthetic evaluation has attracted much attention in recent years . image aesthetic evaluation methods heavily depend on the effective aesthetic feature . traditional meth - ods always extract hand - crafted features . however , these hand - crafted features are always designed to adapt particu - lar datasets , and extraction of them needs special design . rather than extracting hand - crafted features , an automati - cally learn of aestheti ←
→ efficiently using second order information in large l1 regularization problems ; we propose a novel general algorithm lhac that efficiently uses second - order information to train a class of large - scale l1 - regularized problems . our method executes cheap iterations while achieving fast local convergence rate by exploiting the special structure of a low - rank matrix , constructed via quasi - newton approximation of the hessian of the smooth loss function . a greedy active - set strategy , based on the largest violat ←
→ unsupervised topic adaptation for lecture speech retrieval ; we are developing a cross - media information retrieval system , in which users can view specific segments of lecture videos by submitting text queries . to produce a text index , the audio track is extracted from a lecture video and a transcription is generated by automatic speech recognition . in this paper , to improve the quality of our retrieval system , we extensively investigate the effects of adapting acoustic and language models on speech recogni ←
→ approximating incomplete kernel matrices by the em algorithm ; in biological data , it is often the case that observed data are available only for a subset of samples . when a kernel matrix is derived from such data , we have to leave the entries for unavailable samples as missing . in this paper , we make use of a parametric model of kernel matrices , and estimate missing entries by fitting the model to existing entries . the parametric model is created as a set of spectral variants of a complete kernel matrix de ←
→ visual storytelling ; we introduce the first dataset for sequential vision - to - language , and explore how this data may be used for the task of visual storytelling . the first release of this dataset , sind v . 1 , includes 81 , 743 unique photos in 20 , 211 sequences , aligned to both descriptive ( caption ) and story language . we establish several strong baselines for the storytelling task , and motivate an automatic metric to benchmark progress . modelling concrete description as well as figurative and social language , ←
→ representation theory for default logic ; default logic can be regarded as a mechanism to represent families of belief sets of a reasoning agent . as such , it is inherently second - order . in this paper , we study the problem of representability of a family of theories as the set of extensions of a default theory . we give a complete solution to the representability by means of normal default theories . we obtain partial results on representability by arbitrary default theories . we construct examples of denumerab ←
→ convolutional neural networks for page segmentation of historical document images ; this paper presents a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based page segmentation method for handwritten historical document images . we consider page segmentation as a pixel labeling problem , i . e ., each pixel is classified as one of the predefined classes . traditional methods in this area rely on carefully hand - crafted features or large amounts of prior knowledge . in contrast , we propose to learn features from raw image pix ←
→ matching media contents with user profiles by means of the dempster - shafer theory ; the media industry is increasingly personalizing the offering of contents in attempt to better target the audience . this requires to analyze the relationships that goes established between users and content they enjoy , looking at one side to the content characteristics and on the other to the user profile , in order to find the best match between the two . in this paper we suggest to build that relationship using the dempste ←
→ 3d reconstruction of incomplete archaeological objects using a generative adversarial network ; we introduce a data - driven approach to aid the repairing and conservation of archaeological objects : organ , an object reconstruction generative adversarial network ( gan ). by using an encoder - decoder 3d deep neural network on a gan architecture , and combining two loss objectives : a completion loss and an improved wasserstein gan loss , we can train a network to effectively predict the missing geometry of damaged ←
→ metrics for markov decision processes with infinite state spaces ; we present metrics for measuring state similarity in markov decision processes ( mdps ) with infinitely many states , including mdps with continuous state spaces . such metrics provide a stable quantitative analogue of the notion of bisimulation for mdps , and are suitable for use in mdp approximation . we show that the optimal value function associated with a discounted infinite horizon planning task varies continuously with respect to our metric ←
→ towards crowdsourcing and cooperation in linguistic resources ; linguistic resources can be populated with data through the use of such approaches as crowdsourcing and gamification when motivated people are involved . however , current crowdsourcing genre taxonomies lack the concept of cooperation , which is the principal element of modern video games and may potentially drive the annotators ' interest . this survey on crowdsourcing taxonomies and cooperation in linguistic resources provides recommendations on u ←
→ the variational gaussian process ; variational inference is a powerful tool for approximate inference , and it has been recently applied for representation learning with deep generative models . we develop the variational gaussian process ( vgp ), a bayesian nonparametric variational family , which adapts its shape to match complex posterior distributions . the vgp generates approximate posterior samples by generating latent inputs and warping them through random non - linear mappings ; the distribution over random ←
→ incremental one - class models for data classification ; in this paper we outline a phd research plan . this research contributes to the field of one - class incremental learning and classification in case of non - stationary environments . the goal of this phd is to define a new classification framework able to deal with very small learning dataset at the beginning of the process and with abilities to adjust itself according to the variability of the incoming data which create large scale datasets . as a preliminar ←
→ a note on reinforcement learning with wasserstein distance regularisation , with applications to multipolicy learning ; in this note we describe an application of wasserstein distance to reinforcement learning . the wasserstein distance in question is between the distribution of mappings of trajectories of a policy into some metric space , and some other fixed distribution ( which may , for example , come from another policy ). different policies induce different distributions , so given an underlying metric , the ←
→ the local low - dimensionality of natural images ; we develop a new statistical model for photographic images , in which the local responses of a bank of linear filters are described as jointly gaussian , with zero mean and a covariance that varies slowly over spatial position . we optimize sets of filters so as to minimize the nuclear norms of matrices of their local activations ( i . e ., the sum of the singular values ), thus encouraging a flexible form of sparsity that is not tied to any particular dictionary or ←
→ ground - truth dataset and baseline evaluations for image base - detail separation algorithms ; base - detail separation is a fundamental computer vision problem consisting of modeling a smooth base layer with the coarse structures , and a detail layer containing the texture - like structures . one of the challenges of estimating the base is to preserve sharp boundaries between objects or parts to avoid halo artifacts . many methods have been proposed to address this problem , but there is no ground - truth dataset of ←
→ automated assessment of non - native learner essays : investigating the role of linguistic features ; automatic essay scoring ( aes ) refers to the process of scoring free text responses to given prompts , considering human grader scores as the gold standard . writing such essays is an essential component of many language and aptitude exams . hence , aes became an active and established area of research , and there are many proprietary systems used in real life applications today . however , not much is known about w ←
→ subspace selection to suppress confounding source domain information in aam transfer learning ; active appearance models ( aams ) are a class of generative models that have seen tremendous success in face analysis . however , model learning depends on the availability of detailed annotation of canonical landmark points . as a result , when accurate aam fitting is required on a different set of variations ( expression , pose , identity ), a new dataset is collected and annotated . to overcome the need for time consum ←
→ learning parametric - output hmms with two aliased states ; in various applications involving hidden markov models ( hmms ), some of the hidden states are aliased , having identical output distributions . the minimality , identifiability and learnability of such aliased hmms have been long standing problems , with only partial solutions provided thus far . in this paper we focus on parametric - output hmms , whose output distributions come from a parametric family , and that have exactly two aliased states . for this cla ←
→ interpretation of mammogram and chest x - ray reports using deep neural networks - preliminary results ; radiology reports are an important means of communication between radiologists and other physicians . these reports express a radiologist ' s interpretation of a medical imaging examination and are critical in establishing a diagnosis and formulating a treatment plan . in this paper , we propose a bi - directional convolutional neural network ( bi - cnn ) model for the interpretation and classification of mammogram ←
→ balanced policy evaluation and learning ; we present a new approach to the problems of evaluating and learning personalized decision policies from observational data of past contexts , decisions , and outcomes . only the outcome of the enacted decision is available and the historical policy is unknown . these problems arise in personalized medicine using electronic health records and in internet advertising . existing approaches use inverse propensity weighting ( or , doubly robust versions ) to make historical out ←
→ adversarial generative nets : neural network attacks on state - of - the - art face recognition ; in this paper we show that misclassification attacks against face - recognition systems based on deep neural networks ( dnns ) are more dangerous than previously demonstrated , even in contexts where the adversary can manipulate only her physical appearance ( versus directly manipulating the image input to the dnn ). specifically , we show how to create eyeglasses that , when worn , can succeed in targeted ( impersonation ) or ←
→ predicting the driver ' s focus of attention : the dr ( eye ) ve project ; in this work we aim to predict the driver ' s focus of attention . the goal is to estimate what a person would pay attention to while driving , and which part of the scene around the vehicle is more critical for the task . to this end we propose a new computer vision model based on a multi - branch deep architecture that integrates three sources of information : raw video , motion and scene semantics . we also introduce dr ( eye ) ve , the largest dataset ←
→ single - trial p300 classification using pca with lda , qda and neural networks ; the p300 event - related potential ( erp ), evoked in scalp - recorded electroencephalography ( eeg ) by external stimuli , has proven to be a reliable response for controlling a bci . the p300 component of an event related potential is thus widely used in brain - computer interfaces to translate the subjects ' intent by mere thoughts into commands to control artificial devices . the main challenge in the classification of p300 trials in ele ←
→ the predictron : end - to - end learning and planning ; one of the key challenges of artificial intelligence is to learn models that are effective in the context of planning . in this document we introduce the predictron architecture . the predictron consists of a fully abstract model , represented by a markov reward process , that can be rolled forward multiple " imagined " planning steps . each forward pass of the predictron accumulates internal rewards and values over multiple planning depths . the predictron is trai ←
→ sequential logistic principal component analysis ( slpca ): dimensional reduction in streaming multivariate binary - state system ; sequential or online dimensional reduction is of interests due to the explosion of streaming data based applications and the requirement of adaptive statistical modeling , in many emerging fields , such as the modeling of energy end - use profile . principal component analysis ( pca ), is the classical way of dimensional reduction . however , traditional singular value decomposition ( svd )←
→ road : reality oriented adaptation for semantic segmentation of urban scenes ; exploiting synthetic data to learn deep models has attracted increasing attention in recent years . however , the intrinsic domain difference between synthetic and real images usually causes a significant performance drop when applying the learned model to real world scenarios . this is mainly due to two reasons : 1 ) the model overfits to synthetic images , making the convolutional filters incompetent to extract informative represent ←
→ bridging cognitive programs and machine learning ; while great advances are made in pattern recognition and machine learning , the successes of such fields remain restricted to narrow applications and seem to break down when training data is scarce , a shift in domain occurs , or when intelligent reasoning is required for rapid adaptation to new environments . in this work , we list several of the shortcomings of modern machine - learning solutions , specifically in the contexts of computer vision and in reinforcem ←
→ recover missing sensor data with iterative imputing network ; sensor data has been playing an important role in machine learning tasks , complementary to the human - annotated data that is usually rather costly . however , due to systematic or accidental mis - operations , sensor data comes very often with a variety of missing values , resulting in considerable difficulties in the follow - up analysis and visualization . previous work imputes the missing values by interpolating in the observational feature space , witho ←
→ more is better : large scale partially - supervised sentiment classification - appendix ; we describe a bootstrapping algorithm to learn from partially labeled data , and the results of an empirical study for using it to improve performance of sentiment classification using up to 15 million unlabeled amazon product reviews . our experiments cover semi - supervised learning , domain adaptation and weakly supervised learning . in some cases our methods were able to reduce test error by more than half using such larg ←
→ f - divergence constrained policy improvement ; to ensure stability of learning , state - of - the - art generalized policy iteration algorithms augment the policy improvement step with a trust region constraint bounding the information loss . the size of the trust region is commonly determined by the kullback - leibler ( kl ) divergence , which not only captures the notion of distance well but also yields closed - form solutions . in this paper , we consider a more general class of f - divergences and derive the corresponding ←
→ semantic pose using deep networks trained on synthetic rgb - d ; in this work we address the problem of indoor scene understanding from rgb - d images . specifically , we propose to find instances of common furniture classes , their spatial extent , and their pose with respect to generalized class models . to accomplish this , we use a deep , wide , multi - output convolutional neural network ( cnn ) that predicts class , pose , and location of possible objects simultaneously . to overcome the lack of large annotated rgb - d tr ←
→ barista - a graphical tool for designing and training deep neural networks ; in recent years , the importance of deep learning has significantly increased in pattern recognition , computer vision , and artificial intelligence research , as well as in industry . however , despite the existence of multiple deep learning frameworks , there is a lack of comprehensible and easy - to - use high - level tools for the design , training , and testing of deep neural networks ( dnns ). in this paper , we introduce barista , an open - so ←
→ bounded rational decision - making in feedforward neural networks ; bounded rational decision - makers transform sensory input into motor output under limited computational resources . mathematically , such decision - makers can be modeled as information - theoretic channels with limited transmission rate . here , we apply this formalism for the first time to multilayer feedforward neural networks . we derive synaptic weight update rules for two scenarios , where either each neuron is considered as a bounded rational dec ←
→ semi - supervised learning based on distributionally robust optimization ; we propose a novel method for semi - supervised learning ( ssl ) based on data - driven distributionally robust optimization ( dro ) using optimal transport metrics . our proposed method enhances generalization error by using the unlabeled data to restrict the support of the worst case distribution in our dro formulation . we enable the implementation of our dro formulation by proposing a stochastic gradient descent algorithm which allows to eas ←
→ handling homographs in neural machine translation ; homographs , words with different meanings but the same surface form , have long caused difficulty for machine translation systems , as it is difficult to select the correct translation based on the context . however , with the advent of neural machine translation ( nmt ) systems , which can theoretically take into account global sentential context , one may hypothesize that this problem has been alleviated . in this paper , we first provide empirical evidence that e ←
→ magic sets for disjunctive datalog programs ; in this paper , a new technique for the optimization of ( partially ) bound queries over disjunctive datalog programs with stratified negation is presented . the technique exploits the propagation of query bindings and extends the magic set ( ms ) optimization technique . an important feature of disjunctive datalog is nonmonotonicity , which calls for nondeterministic implementations , such as backtracking search . a distinguishing characteristic of the new method is th ←
→ maximin affinity learning of image segmentation ; images can be segmented by first using a classifier to predict an affinity graph that reflects the degree to which image pixels must be grouped together and then partitioning the graph to yield a segmentation . machine learning has been applied to the affinity classifier to produce affinity graphs that are good in the sense of minimizing edge misclassification rates . however , this error measure is only indirectly related to the quality of segmentations produc ←
→ product function need recognition via semi - supervised attention network ; functionality is of utmost importance to customers when they purchase products . however , it is unclear to customers whether a product can really satisfy their needs on functions . further , missing functions may be intentionally hidden by the manufacturers or the sellers . as a result , a customer needs to spend a fair amount of time before purchasing or just purchase the product on his / her own risk . in this paper , we first identify a nov ←
→ when hillclimbers beat genetic algorithms in multimodal optimization ; it has been shown in the past that a multistart hillclimbing strategy compares favourably to a standard genetic algorithm with respect to solving instances of the multimodal problem generator . we extend that work and verify if the utilization of diversity preservation techniques in the genetic algorithm changes the outcome of the comparison . we do so under two scenarios : ( 1 ) when the goal is to find the global optimum , ( 2 ) when the goal ←
→ depression and self - harm risk assessment in online forums ; users suffering from mental health conditions often turn to online resources for support , including specialized online support communities or general communities such as twitter and reddit . in this work , we present a neural framework for supporting and studying users in both types of communities . we propose methods for identifying posts in support communities that may indicate a risk of self - harm , and demonstrate that our approach outperforms stron ←
→ comparison three methods of clustering : k - means , spectral clustering and hierarchical clustering ; comparison of three kind of the clustering and find cost function and loss function and calculate them . error rate of the clustering methods and how to calculate the error percentage always be one on the important factor for evaluating the clustering methods , so this paper introduce one way to calculate the error rate of clustering methods . clustering algorithms can be divided into several categories includi ←
→ mobilenets : efficient convolutional neural networks for mobile vision applications ; we present a class of efficient models called mobilenets for mobile and embedded vision applications . mobilenets are based on a streamlined architecture that uses depth - wise separable convolutions to build light weight deep neural networks . we introduce two simple global hyper - parameters that efficiently trade off between latency and accuracy . these hyper - parameters allow the model builder to choose the right sized model ←
→ how do the naive bayes classifier and the support vector machine compare in their ability to forecast the stock exchange of thailand ? ; this essay investigates the question of how the naive bayes classifier and the support vector machine compare in their ability to forecast the stock exchange of thailand . the theory behind the svm and the naive bayes classifier is explored . the algorithms are trained using data from the month of january 2010 , extracted from the marketwatch . com website . input features are ←
→ real time fabric defect detection system on an embedded dsp platform ; in industrial fabric productions , automated real time systems are needed to find out the minor defects . it will save the cost by not transporting defected products and also would help in making compmay image of quality fabrics by sending out only undefected products . a real time fabric defect detection system ( fdds ), implementd on an embedded dsp platform is presented here . textural features of fabric image are extracted based on gray le ←
→ brainsegnet : a segmentation network for human brain fiber tractography data into anatomically meaningful clusters ; the segregation of brain fiber tractography data into distinct and anatomically meaningful clusters can help to comprehend the complex brain structure and early investigation and management of various neural disorders . we propose a novel stacked bidirectional long short - term memory ( lstm ) based segmentation network , ( brainsegnet ) for human brain fiber tractography data classification . we per ←
→ exploring text datasets by visualizing relevant words ; when working with a new dataset , it is important to first explore and familiarize oneself with it , before applying any advanced machine learning algorithms . however , to the best of our knowledge , no tools exist that quickly and reliably give insight into the contents of a selection of documents with respect to what distinguishes them from other documents belonging to different categories . in this paper we propose to extract ` relevant words ' from a coll ←
→ high accuracy classification of parkinson ' s disease through shape analysis and surface fitting in $^{ 123 }$ i - ioflupane spect imaging ; early and accurate identification of parkinsonian syndromes ( ps ) involving presynaptic degeneration from non - degenerative variants such as scans without evidence of dopaminergic deficit ( swedd ) and tremor disorders , is important for effective patient management as the course , therapy and prognosis differ substantially between the two groups . in this study , we use single pho ←
→ posterior mean super - resolution with a causal gaussian markov random field prior ; we propose a bayesian image super - resolution ( sr ) method with a causal gaussian markov random field ( mrf ) prior . sr is a technique to estimate a spatially high - resolution image from given multiple low - resolution images . an mrf model with the line process supplies a preferable prior for natural images with edges . we improve the existing image transformation model , the compound mrf model , and its hyperparameter prior model . w ←
→ associative memory using dictionary learning and expander decoding ; an associative memory is a framework of content - addressable memory that stores a collection of message vectors ( or a dataset ) over a neural network while enabling a neurally feasible mechanism to recover any message in the dataset from its noisy version . designing an associative memory requires addressing two main tasks : 1 ) learning phase : given a dataset , learn a concise representation of the dataset in the form of a graphical model ( or a ←
→ solving relational mdps with exogenous events and additive rewards ; we formalize a simple but natural subclass of service domains for relational planning problems with object - centered , independent exogenous events and additive rewards capturing , for example , problems in inventory control . focusing on this subclass , we present a new symbolic planning algorithm which is the first algorithm that has explicit performance guarantees for relational mdps with exogenous events . in particular , under some technical ←
→ sign language gibberish for syntactic parsing evaluation ; sign language ( sl ) automatic processing slowly progresses bottom - up . the field has seen proposition to handle the video signal , to recognize and synthesize sublexical and lexical units . it starts to see the development of supra - lexical processing . but the recognition , at this level , lacks data . the syntax of sl appears very specific as it uses massively the multiplicity of articulators and its access to the spatial dimensions . therefore new parsing ←
→ deep temporal clustering : fully unsupervised learning of time - domain features ; unsupervised learning of time series data , also known as temporal clustering , is a challenging problem in machine learning . here we propose a novel algorithm , deep temporal clustering ( dtc ), to naturally integrate dimensionality reduction and temporal clustering into a single end - to - end learning framework , fully unsupervised . the algorithm utilizes an autoencoder for temporal dimensionality reduction and a novel temporal clus ←
→ what to talk about and how ? selective generation using lstms with coarse - to - fine alignment ; we propose an end - to - end , domain - independent neural encoder - aligner - decoder model for selective generation , i . e ., the joint task of content selection and surface realization . our model first encodes a full set of over - determined database event records via an lstm - based recurrent neural network , then utilizes a novel coarse - to - fine aligner to identify the small subset of salient records to talk about , and finally e ←
→ online em algorithm for latent data models ; in this contribution , we propose a generic online ( also sometimes called adaptive or recursive ) version of the expectation - maximisation ( em ) algorithm applicable to latent variable models of independent observations . compared to the algorithm of titterington ( 1984 ), this approach is more directly connected to the usual em algorithm and does not rely on integration with respect to the complete data distribution . the resulting algorithm is usually simpler and is sh ←
→ a consistent adjacency spectral embedding for stochastic blockmodel graphs ; we present a method to estimate block membership of nodes in a random graph generated by a stochastic blockmodel . we use an embedding procedure motivated by the random dot product graph model , a particular example of the latent position model . the embedding associates each node with a vector ; these vectors are clustered via minimization of a square error criterion . we prove that this method is consistent for assigning nodes to bl ←
→ efficient character - level document classification by combining convolution and recurrent layers ; document classification tasks were primarily tackled at word level . recent research that works with character - level inputs shows several benefits over word - level approaches such as natural incorporation of morphemes and better handling of rare words . we propose a neural network architecture that utilizes both convolution and recurrent layers to efficiently encode character inputs . we validate the proposed mod ←
→ bilevel approaches for learning of variational imaging models ; we review some recent learning approaches in variational imaging , based on bilevel optimisation , and emphasize the importance of their treatment in function space . the paper covers both analytical and numerical techniques . analytically , we include results on the existence and structure of minimisers , as well as optimality conditions for their characterisation . based on this information , newton type methods are studied for the solution of the pr ←
→ inverse reward design ; autonomous agents optimize the reward function we give them . what they don ' t know is how hard it is for us to design a reward function that actually captures what we want . when designing the reward , we might think of some specific training scenarios , and make sure that the reward will lead to the right behavior in those scenarios . inevitably , agents encounter new scenarios ( e . g ., new types of terrain ) where optimizing that same reward may lead to undesired behavior . our insight is th ←
→ preferred answer sets for ordered logic programs ; we extend answer set semantics to deal with inconsistent programs ( containing classical negation ), by finding a `` best '' answer set . within the context of inconsistent programs , it is natural to have a partial order on rules , representing a preference for satisfying certain rules , possibly at the cost of violating less important ones . we show that such a rule order induces a natural order on extended answer sets , the minimal elements of which we call prefer ←
→ a probabilistic framework for representing dialog systems and entropy - based dialog management through dynamic stochastic state evolution ; in this paper , we present a probabilistic framework for goal - driven spoken dialog systems . a new dynamic stochastic state ( ds - state ) is then defined to characterize the goal set of a dialog state at different stages of the dialog process . furthermore , an entropy minimization dialog management ( emdm ) strategy is also proposed to combine with the ds - states to facilitate a ←
→ detecting and explaining causes from text for a time series event ; explaining underlying causes or effects about events is a challenging but valuable task . we define a novel problem of generating explanations of a time series event by ( 1 ) searching cause and effect relationships of the time series with textual data and ( 2 ) constructing a connecting chain between them to generate an explanation . to detect causal features from text , we propose a novel method based on the granger causality of time series betw ←
→ dyna - style planning with linear function approximation and prioritized sweeping ; we consider the problem of efficiently learning optimal control policies and value functions over large state spaces in an online setting in which estimates must be available after each interaction with the world . this paper develops an explicitly model - based approach extending the dyna architecture to linear function approximation . dynastyle planning proceeds by generating imaginary experience from the world model and then ←
→ a genetic algorithm for autonomous navigation in partially observable domain ; the problem of autonomous navigation is one of the basic problems for robotics . although , in general , it may be challenging when an autonomous vehicle is placed into partially observable domain . in this paper we consider simplistic environment model and introduce a navigation algorithm based on learning classifier system .←
→ large - scale subspace clustering using sketching and validation ; the nowadays massive amounts of generated and communicated data present major challenges in their processing . while capable of successfully classifying nonlinearly separable objects in various settings , subspace clustering ( sc ) methods incur prohibitively high computational complexity when processing large - scale data . inspired by the random sampling and consensus ( ransac ) approach to robust regression , the present paper introduces a randomized ←
→ from benedict cumberbatch to sherlock holmes : character identification in tv series without a script ; the goal of this paper is the automatic identification of characters in tv and feature film material . in contrast to standard approaches to this task , which rely on the weak supervision afforded by transcripts and subtitles , we propose a new method requiring only a cast list . this list is used to obtain images of actors from freely available sources on the web , providing a form of partial supervision for ←
→ proppa : a fast algorithm for $\ ell_1 $ minimization and low - rank matrix completion ; we propose a projected proximal point algorithm ( proppa ) for solving a class of optimization problems . the algorithm iteratively computes the proximal point of the last estimated solution projected into an affine space which itself is parallel and approaching to the feasible set . we provide convergence analysis theoretically supporting the general algorithm , and then apply it for solving $\ ell_1 $- minimization problems and ←
→ triplespin - a generic compact paradigm for fast machine learning computations ; we present a generic compact computational framework relying on structured random matrices that can be applied to speed up several machine learning algorithms with almost no loss of accuracy . the applications include new fast lsh - based algorithms , efficient kernel computations via random feature maps , convex optimization algorithms , quantization techniques and many more . certain models of the presented paradigm are even more ←
→ signature of geometric centroids for 3d local shape description and partial shape matching ; depth scans acquired from different views may contain nuisances such as noise , occlusion , and varying point density . we propose a novel signature of geometric centroids descriptor , supporting direct shape matching on the scans , without requiring any preprocessing such as scan denoising or converting into a mesh . first , we construct the descriptor by voxelizing the local shape within a uniquely defined local refere ←
→ faster method for deep belief network based object classification using dwt ; a deep belief network ( dbn ) requires large , multiple hidden layers with high number of hidden units to learn good features from the raw pixels of large images . this implies more training time as well as computational complexity . by integrating dbn with discrete wavelet transform ( dwt ), both training time and computational complexity can be reduced . the low resolution images obtained after application of dwt are used to train mul ←
→ user - driven mobile robot storyboarding : learning image interest and saliency from pairwise image comparisons ; this paper describes a novel storyboarding scheme that uses a model trained on pairwise image comparisons to identify images likely to be of interest to a mobile robot user . traditional storyboarding schemes typically attempt to summarise robot observations using predefined novelty or image quality objectives , but we propose a user training stage that allows the incorporation of user interest whe ←
→ a - ward_p \ b { eta }: effective hierarchical clustering using the minkowski metric and a fast k - means initialisation ; in this paper we make two novel contributions to hierarchical clustering . first , we introduce an anomalous pattern initialisation method for hierarchical clustering algorithms , called a - ward , capable of substantially reducing the time they take to converge . this method generates an initial partition with a sufficiently large number of clusters . this allows the cluster merging process to start ←
→ on the properties of $ α $- unchaining single linkage hierarchical clustering ; in the election of a hierarchical clustering method , theoretic properties may give some insight to determine which method is the most suitable to treat a clustering problem . herein , we study some basic properties of two hierarchical clustering methods : $\ alpha $- unchaining single linkage or $ sl (\ alpha )$ and a modified version of this one , $ sl ^*(\ alpha )$. we compare the results with the properties satisfied by the classical linkage ←
→ learning deep object detectors from 3d models ; crowdsourced 3d cad models are becoming easily accessible online , and can potentially generate an infinite number of training images for almost any object category . we show that augmenting the training data of contemporary deep convolutional neural net ( dcnn ) models with such synthetic data can be effective , especially when real training data is limited or not well matched to the target domain . most freely available cad models capture 3d shape but are often mis ←
→ signer - independent fingerspelling recognition with deep neural network adaptation ; we study the problem of recognition of fingerspelled letter sequences in american sign language in a signer - independent setting . fingerspelled sequences are both challenging and important to recognize , as they are used for many content words such as proper nouns and technical terms . previous work has shown that it is possible to achieve almost 90 % accuracies on fingerspelling recognition in a signer - dependent setting . howe ←
→ on - the - fly augmented reality for orthopaedic surgery using a multi - modal fiducial ; fluoroscopic x - ray guidance is a cornerstone for percutaneous orthopaedic surgical procedures . however , two - dimensional observations of the three - dimensional anatomy suffer from the effects of projective simplification . consequently , many x - ray images from various orientations need to be acquired for the surgeon to accurately assess the spatial relations between the patient ' s anatomy and the surgical tools . in this paper , ←
→ people , penguins and petri dishes : adapting object counting models to new visual domains and object types without forgetting ; in this paper we propose a technique to adapt a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based object counter to additional visual domains and object types while still preserving the original counting function . domain - specific normalisation and scaling operators are trained to allow the model to adjust to the statistical distributions of the various visual domains . the developed adaptat ←
→ age progression / regression by conditional adversarial autoencoder ; " if i provide you a face image of mine ( without telling you the actual age when i took the picture ) and a large amount of face images that i crawled ( containing labeled faces of different ages but not necessarily paired ), can you show me what i would look like when i am 80 or what i was like when i was 5 ?" the answer is probably a " no ." most existing face aging works attempt to learn the transformation between age groups and thus would requ ←
→ technique for designing a domain ontology ; the article describes the technique for designing a domain ontology , shows the flowchart of algorithm design and example of constructing a fragment of the ontology of the subject area of computer science is considered .←
→ learning sparse representations of depth ; this paper introduces a new method for learning and inferring sparse representations of depth ( disparity ) maps . the proposed algorithm relaxes the usual assumption of the stationary noise model in sparse coding . this enables learning from data corrupted with spatially varying noise or uncertainty , typically obtained by laser range scanners or structured light depth cameras . sparse representations are learned from the middlebury database disparity maps and then expl ←
→ beating the perils of non - convexity : guaranteed training of neural networks using tensor methods ; training neural networks is a challenging non - convex optimization problem , and backpropagation or gradient descent can get stuck in spurious local optima . we propose a novel algorithm based on tensor decomposition for guaranteed training of two - layer neural networks . we provide risk bounds for our proposed method , with a polynomial sample complexity in the relevant parameters , such as input dimension and num ←
→ an elitist approach for extracting automatically well - realized speech sounds with high confidence ; this paper presents an " elitist approach " for extracting automatically well - realized speech sounds with high confidence . the elitist approach uses a speech recognition system based on hidden markov models ( hmm ). the hmm are trained on speech sounds which are systematically well - detected in an iterative procedure . the results show that , by using the hmm models defined in the training phase , the speech recogn ←
→ developing parallel dependency graph in improving game balancing ; the dependency graph is a data architecture that models all the dependencies between the different types of assets in the game . it depicts the dependency - based relationships between the assets of a game . for example , a player must construct an arsenal before he can build weapons . it is vital that the dependency graph of a game is designed logically to ensure a logical sequence of game play . however , a mere logical dependency graph is not suf ←
→ induction of first - order decision lists : results on learning the past tense of english verbs ; this paper presents a method for inducing logic programs from examples that learns a new class of concepts called first - order decision lists , defined as ordered lists of clauses each ending in a cut . the method , called foidl , is based on foil ( quinlan , 1990 ) but employs intensional background knowledge and avoids the need for explicit negative examples . it is particularly useful for problems that involve rules w ←
→ semi - supervised classification with graph convolutional networks ; we present a scalable approach for semi - supervised learning on graph - structured data that is based on an efficient variant of convolutional neural networks which operate directly on graphs . we motivate the choice of our convolutional architecture via a localized first - order approximation of spectral graph convolutions . our model scales linearly in the number of graph edges and learns hidden layer representations that encode both local graph ←
→ towards deep representation learning with genetic programming ; genetic programming ( gp ) is an evolutionary algorithm commonly used for machine learning tasks . in this paper we present a method that allows gp to transform the representation of a large - scale machine learning dataset into a more compact representation , by means of processing features from the original representation at individual level . we develop as a proof of concept of this method an autoencoder . we tested a preliminary version of our appr ←
→ modelling local and global phenomena with sparse gaussian processes ; much recent work has concerned sparse approximations to speed up the gaussian process regression from the unfavorable o ( n3 ) scaling in computational time to o ( nm2 ). thus far , work has concentrated on models with one covariance function . however , in many practical situations additive models with multiple covariance functions may perform better , since the data may contain both long and short length - scale phenomena . the long length - scales ca ←
→ from neuron to neural networks dynamics ; this paper presents an overview of some techniques and concepts coming from dynamical system theory and used for the analysis of dynamical neural networks models . in a first section , we describe the dynamics of the neuron , starting from the hodgkin - huxley description , which is somehow the canonical description for the `` biological neuron ''. we discuss some models reducing the hodgkin - huxley model to a two dimensional dynamical system , keeping one of the main feature ←
→ a surrogate - based generic classifier for chinese tv series reviews ; with the emerging of various online video platforms like youtube , youku and letv , online tv series ' reviews become more and more important both for viewers and producers . customers rely heavily on these reviews before selecting tv series , while producers use them to improve the quality . as a result , automatically classifying reviews according to different requirements evolves as a popular research topic and is essential in our daily life . ←
→ metacarpal bones localization in x - ray imagery using particle filter segmentation ; statistical methods such as sequential monte carlo methods were proposed for detection , segmentation and tracking of objects in digital images . a similar approach , called shape particle filters was introduced for the segmentation of vertebra , lungs and hearts [ 1 ]. in this contribution , a global shape and a local appearance model are derived from specific object annotated x - ray images of the metacarpal bones . in the test da ←
→ a data - driven approach for semantic role labeling from induced grammar structures in language ; semantic roles play an important role in extracting knowledge from text . current unsupervised approaches utilize features from grammar structures , to induce semantic roles . the dependence on these grammars , however , makes it difficult to adapt to noisy and new languages . in this paper we develop a data - driven approach to identifying semantic roles , the approach is entirely unsupervised up to the point where rul ←
→ any - gram kernels for sentence classification : a sentiment analysis case study ; any - gram kernels are a flexible and efficient way to employ bag - of - n - gram features when learning from textual data . they are also compatible with the use of word embeddings so that word similarities can be accounted for . while the original any - gram kernels are implemented on top of tree kernels , we propose a new approach which is independent of tree kernels and is more efficient . we also propose a more effective way to make us ←
→ automated defect localization via low rank plus outlier modeling of propagating wavefield data ; this work proposes an agnostic inference strategy for material diagnostics , conceived within the context of laser - based non - destructive evaluation methods , which extract information about structural anomalies from the analysis of acoustic wavefields measured on the structure ' s surface by means of a scanning laser interferometer . the proposed approach couples spatiotemporal windowing with low rank plus outlier ←
→ evolving symbolic controllers ; the idea of symbolic controllers tries to bridge the gap between the top - down manual design of the controller architecture , as advocated in brooks ' subsumption architecture , and the bottom - up designer - free approach that is now standard within the evolutionary robotics community . the designer provides a set of elementary behavior , and evolution is given the goal of assembling them to solve complex tasks . two experiments are presented , demonstrating the efficiency and showing t ←
→ planar object tracking in the wild : a benchmark ; planar object tracking plays an important role in computer vision and related fields . while several benchmarks have been constructed for evaluating state - of - the - art algorithms , there is a lack of video sequences captured in the wild rather than in constrained laboratory environment . in this paper , we present a carefully designed planar object tracking benchmark containing 210 videos of 30 planar objects sampled in the natural environment . in particular , for ←
→ the schema editor of openiot for semantic sensor networks ; ontologies provide conceptual abstractions over data , in domains such as the internet of things , in a way that sensor data can be harvested and interpreted by people and applications . the semantic sensor network ( ssn ) ontology is the de - facto standard for semantic representation of sensor observations and metadata , and it is used at the core of the open source platform for the internet of things , openiot . in this paper we present a schema editor th ←
→ an interpretable latent variable model for attribute applicability in the amazon catalogue ; learning attribute applicability of products in the amazon catalog ( e . g ., predicting that a shoe should have a value for size , but not for battery - type at scale is a challenge . the need for an interpretable model is contingent on ( 1 ) the lack of ground truth training data , ( 2 ) the need to utilise prior information about the underlying latent space and ( 3 ) the ability to understand the quality of predictions on new ←
→ on the convergence of cycle detection for navigational reinforcement learning ; we consider a reinforcement learning framework where agents have to navigate from start states to goal states . we prove convergence of a cycle - detection learning algorithm on a class of tasks that we call reducible . reducible tasks have an acyclic solution . we also syntactically characterize the form of the final policy . this characterization can be used to precisely detect the convergence point in a simulation . our result dem ←
→ deciding how to decide : dynamic routing in artificial neural networks ; we propose and systematically evaluate three strategies for training dynamically - routed artificial neural networks : graphs of learned transformations through which different input signals may take different paths . though some approaches have advantages over others , the resulting networks are often qualitatively similar . we find that , in dynamically - routed networks trained to classify images , layers and branches become specialized to pro ←
→ two - stage convolutional part heatmap regression for the 1st 3d face alignment in the wild ( 3dfaw ) challenge ; this paper describes our submission to the 1st 3d face alignment in the wild ( 3dfaw ) challenge . our method builds upon the idea of convolutional part heatmap regression [ 1 ], extending it for 3d face alignment . our method decomposes the problem into two parts : ( a ) x , y ( 2d ) estimation and ( b ) z ( depth ) estimation . at the first stage , our method estimates the x , y coordinates of the facial landmarks b ←
→ probability bracket notation : markov state chain projector , hidden markov models and dynamic bayesian networks ; after a brief discussion of markov evolution formula ( mef ) expressed in probability bracket notation ( pbn ), its close relation with the joint probability distribution ( jpd ) of visible markov models ( vmm ) is demonstrated by introducing markov state chain projector ( mscp ). the state basis and the observed basis are defined in the sequential event space ( ses ) of hidden markov models ( hmm ). the jpd ←
→ resilient monotone sequential maximization ; applications in machine learning , optimization , and control require the sequential selection of a few system elements , such as sensors , data , or actuators , to optimize the system performance across multiple time steps . however , in failure - prone and adversarial environments , sensors get attacked , data get deleted , and actuators fail . thence , traditional sequential design paradigms become insufficient and , in contrast , resilient sequential designs that adapt agains ←
→ possibilistic constraint satisfaction problems or " how to handle soft constraints ?" ; many ai synthesis problems such as planning or scheduling may be modelized as constraint satisfaction problems ( csp ). a csp is typically defined as the problem of finding any consistent labeling for a fixed set of variables satisfying all given constraints between these variables . however , for many real tasks such as job - shop scheduling , time - table scheduling , design ?, all these constraints have not the same significance ←
→ video fill in the blank using lr / rl lstms with spatial - temporal attentions ; given a video and a description sentence with one missing word ( we call it the " source sentence "), video - fill - in - the - blank ( vfib ) problem is to find the missing word automatically . the contextual information of the sentence , as well as visual cues from the video , are important to infer the missing word accurately . since the source sentence is broken into two fragments : the sentence ' s left fragment ( before the blank ) and the sente ←
→ utilities as random variables : density estimation and structure discovery ; decision theory does not traditionally include uncertainty over utility functions . we argue that the a person ' s utility value for a given outcome can be treated as we treat other domain attributes : as a random variable with a density function over its possible values . we show that we can apply statistical density estimation techniques to learn such a density function from a database of partially elicited utility functions . in part ←
→ truncated variational expectation maximization ; we derive a novel variational expectation maximization approach based on truncated variational distributions . truncated distributions are proportional to exact posteriors within a subset of a discrete state space and equal zero otherwise . the novel variational approach is realized by first generalizing the standard variational em framework to include variational distributions with exact (` hard ') zeros . a fully variational treatment of truncated distributions ←
→ adaptive exploration - exploitation tradeoff for opportunistic bandits ; in this paper , we propose and study opportunistic bandits - a new variant of bandits where the regret of pulling a suboptimal arm varies under different environmental conditions , such as network load or produce price . when the load / price is low , so is the cost / regret of pulling a suboptimal arm ( e . g ., trying a suboptimal network configuration ). therefore , intuitively , we could explore more when the load is low and exploit more when the l ←
→ an overview of the asymptotic performance of the family of the fastica algorithms ; this contribution summarizes the results on the asymptotic performance of several variants of the fastica algorithm . a number of new closed - form expressions are presented .←
→ compression fractures detection on ct ; the presence of a vertebral compression fracture is highly indicative of osteoporosis and represents the single most robust predictor for development of a second osteoporotic fracture in the spine or elsewhere . less than one third of vertebral compression fractures are diagnosed clinically . we present an automated method for detecting spine compression fractures in computed tomography ( ct ) scans . the algorithm is composed of three processes . first , the spinal column i ←
→ analysis of wikipedia - based corpora for question answering ; this paper gives comprehensive analyses of corpora based on wikipedia for several tasks in question answering . four recent corpora are collected , wikiqa , selqa , squad , and infoqa , and first analyzed intrinsically by contextual similarities , question types , and answer categories . these corpora are then analyzed extrinsically by three question answering tasks , answer retrieval , selection , and triggering . an indexing - based method for the creation of a ←
→ deepcas : a deep reinforcement learning algorithm for control - aware scheduling ; we consider networked control systems consisting of multiple independent closed - loop control subsystems , operating over a shared communication network . such systems are ubiquitous in cyber - physical systems , internet of things , and large - scale industrial systems . in many large - scale settings , the size of the communication network is smaller than the size of the system . in consequence , scheduling issues arise . the main contribut ←
→ a pde - based log - agnostic illumination correction algorithm ; this report presents the results of a partial differential equation ( pde )- based image enhancement algorithm , for dynamic range compression and illumination correction in the absence of the logarithmic function . the proposed algorithm combines forward and reverse flows in a pde - based formulation . the experimental results are compared with algorithms from the literature and indicate comparable performance in most cases .←
→ detection and analysis of human emotions through voice and speech pattern processing ; the ability to modulate vocal sounds and generate speech is one of the features which set humans apart from other living beings . the human voice can be characterized by several attributes such as pitch , timbre , loudness , and vocal tone . it has often been observed that humans express their emotions by varying different vocal attributes during speech generation . hence , deduction of human emotions through voice and speech ←
→ cnn - lte : a class of 1 - x pooling convolutional neural networks on label tree embeddings for audio scene recognition ; we describe in this report our audio scene recognition system submitted to the dcase 2016 challenge . firstly , given the label set of the scenes , a label tree is automatically constructed . this category taxonomy is then used in the feature extraction step in which an audio scene instance is represented by a label tree embedding image . different convolutional neural networks , which are tailor ←
→ dynamic adjustment of the motivation degree in an action selection mechanism ; this paper presents a model for dynamic adjustment of the motivation degree , using a reinforcement learning approach , in an action selection mechanism previously developed by the authors . the learning takes place in the modification of a parameter of the model of combination of internal and external stimuli . experiments that show the claimed properties are presented , using a vr simulation developed for such purposes . the import ←
→ bayesian quantile additive regression trees ; ensemble of regression trees have become popular statistical tools for the estimation of conditional mean given a set of predictors . however , quantile regression trees and their ensembles have not yet garnered much attention despite the increasing popularity of the linear quantile regression model . this work proposes a bayesian quantile additive regression trees model that shows very good predictive performance illustrated using simulation studies and real data ←
→ depth - width tradeoffs in approximating natural functions with neural networks ; we provide several new depth - based separation results for feed - forward neural networks , proving that various types of simple and natural functions can be better approximated using deeper networks than shallower ones , even if the shallower networks are much larger . this includes indicators of balls and ellipses ; non - linear functions which are radial with respect to the $ l_1 $ norm ; and smooth non - linear functions . we also show t ←
→ a framework for intelligent medical diagnosis using rough set with formal concept analysis ; medical diagnosis process vary in the degree to which they attempt to deal with different complicating aspects of diagnosis such as relative importance of symptoms , varied symptom pattern and the relation between diseases them selves . based on decision theory , in the past many mathematical models such as crisp set , probability distribution , fuzzy set , intuitionistic fuzzy set were developed to deal with complicati ←
→ pavlov ' s dog associative learning demonstrated on synaptic - like organic transistors ; in this letter , we present an original demonstration of an associative learning neural network inspired by the famous pavlov ' s dogs experiment . a single nanoparticle organic memory field effect transistor ( nomfet ) is used to implement each synapse . we show how the physical properties of this dynamic memristive device can be used to perform low power write operations for the learning and implement short - term association u ←
→ effective quantization methods for recurrent neural networks ; reducing bit - widths of weights , activations , and gradients of a neural network can shrink its storage size and memory usage , and also allow for faster training and inference by exploiting bitwise operations . however , previous attempts for quantization of rnns show considerable performance degradation when using low bit - width weights and activations . in this paper , we propose methods to quantize the structure of gates and interlinks in lstm and g ←
→ personalized and occupational - aware age progression by generative adversarial networks ; face age progression , which aims to predict the future looks , is important for various applications and has been received considerable attentions . existing methods and datasets are limited in exploring the effects of occupations which may influence the personal appearances . in this paper , we firstly introduce an occupational face aging dataset for studying the influences of occupations on the appearances . it includes ←
→ difference of normals as a multi - scale operator in unorganized point clouds ; a novel multi - scale operator for unorganized 3d point clouds is introduced . the difference of normals ( don ) provides a computationally efficient , multi - scale approach to processing large unorganized 3d point clouds . the application of don in the multi - scale filtering of two different real - world outdoor urban lidar scene datasets is quantitatively and qualitatively demonstrated . in both datasets the don operator is shown to segme ←
→ image denoising with multi - layer perceptrons , part 2 : training trade - offs and analysis of their mechanisms ; image denoising can be described as the problem of mapping from a noisy image to a noise - free image . in another paper , we show that multi - layer perceptrons can achieve outstanding image denoising performance for various types of noise ( additive white gaussian noise , mixed poisson - gaussian noise , jpeg artifacts , salt - and - pepper noise and noise resembling stripes ). in this work we discuss in detail w ←
→ traversing knowledge graph in vector space without symbolic space guidance ; recent studies on knowledge base completion , the task of recovering missing facts based on observed facts , demonstrate the importance of learning embeddings from multi - step relations . due to the size of knowledge bases , previous works manually design relation paths of observed triplets in symbolic space ( e . g . random walk ) to learn multi - step relations during training . however , these approaches suffer some limitations as most path ←
→ subjective fairness : fairness is in the eye of the beholder ; we analyze different notions of fairness in decision making when the underlying model is not known with certainty . we argue that recent notions of fairness in machine learning need to be modified to incorporate uncertainties about model parameters . we introduce the notion of {\ em subjective fairness } as a suitable candidate for fair bayesian decision making rules , relate this definition with existing ones , and experimentally demonstrate the inher ←
→ recurrent latent variable networks for session - based recommendation ; in this work , we attempt to ameliorate the impact of data sparsity in the context of session - based recommendation . specifically , we seek to devise a machine learning mechanism capable of extracting subtle and complex underlying temporal dynamics in the observed session data , so as to inform the recommendation algorithm . to this end , we improve upon systems that utilize deep learning techniques with recurrently connected units ; we do so by ←
→ parsing of part - of - speech tagged assamese texts ; a natural language ( or ordinary language ) is a language that is spoken , written , or signed by humans for general - purpose communication , as distinguished from formal languages ( such as computer - programming languages or the " languages " used in the study of formal logic ). the computational activities required for enabling a computer to carry out information processing using natural language is called natural language processing . we have taken assamese language ←
→ collaborative filtering via sparse markov random fields ; recommender systems play a central role in providing individualized access to information and services . this paper focuses on collaborative filtering , an approach that exploits the shared structure among mind - liked users and similar items . in particular , we focus on a formal probabilistic framework known as markov random fields ( mrf ). we address the open problem of structure learning and introduce a sparsity - inducing algorithm to automatically estima ←
→ combining answer set programming and pomdps for knowledge representation and reasoning on mobile robots ; for widespread deployment in domains characterized by partial observability , non - deterministic actions and unforeseen changes , robots need to adapt sensing , processing and interaction with humans to the tasks at hand . while robots typically cannot process all sensor inputs or operate without substantial domain knowledge , it is a challenge to provide accurate domain knowledge and humans may not have th ←
→ fast multi - scale edge - detection in medical ultrasound signals ; in this article we suggest a fast multi - scale edge - detection scheme for medical ultrasound signals . the edge - detector is based on well - known properties of the continuous wavelet trans - form . to achieve both good localization of edges and detect only significant edges , we study the maxima - lines of the wavelet transform . one can obtain the maxima - lines between two scales by computing the wavelet transform at several intermediate scales . to reduce ←
→ hierarchical metric learning for fine grained image classification ; this paper deals with the problem of fine - grained image classification and introduces the notion of hierarchical metric learning for the same . it is indeed challenging to categorize fine - grained image classes merely in terms of a single level classifier given the subtle inter - class visual differences . in order to tackle this problem , we propose a two stage framework where i ) the image categories are represented hierarchically in terms of a ←
→ the parallel knowledge gradient method for batch bayesian optimization ; in many applications of black - box optimization , one can evaluate multiple points simultaneously , e . g . when evaluating the performances of several different neural network architectures in a parallel computing environment . in this paper , we develop a novel batch bayesian optimization algorithm --- the parallel knowledge gradient method . by construction , this method provides the one - step bayes optimal batch of points to sample . we provid ←
→ shape tracking with occlusions via coarse - to - fine region - based sobolev descent ; we present a method to track the precise shape of an object in video based on new modeling and optimization on a new riemannian manifold of parameterized regions . joint dynamic shape and appearance models , in which a template of the object is propagated to match the object shape and radiance in the next frame , are advantageous over methods employing global image statistics in cases of complex object radiance and cluttered b ←
→ using evolutionary design to interactively sketch car silhouettes and stimulate designer ' s creativity ; an interactive genetic algorithm is proposed to progressively sketch the desired side - view of a car profile . it adopts a fourier decomposition of a 2d profile as the genotype , and proposes a cross - over mechanism . in addition , a formula function of two genes ' discrepancies is fitted to the perceived dissimilarity between two car profiles . this similarity index is intensively used , throughout a series of ←
→ on coarse graining of information and its application to pattern recognition ; we propose a method based on finite mixture models for classifying a set of observations into number of different categories . in order to demonstrate the method , we show how the component densities for the mixture model can be derived by using the maximum entropy method in conjunction with conservation of pythagorean means . several examples of distributions belonging to the pythagorean family are derived . a discussion on estima ←
→ proceedings 6th international workshop on theorem proving components for educational software ; the 6th international workshop on theorem proving components for educational software ( thedu ' 17 ) was held in gothenburg , sweden , on 6 aug 2017 . it was associated to the conference cade26 . topics of interest include : methods of automated deduction applied to checking students ' input ; methods of automated deduction applied to prove post - conditions for particular problem solutions ; combinations of deduction and co ←
→ protocol requirements for self - organizing artifacts : towards an ambient intelligence ; we discuss which properties common - use artifacts should have to collaborate without human intervention . we conceive how devices , such as mobile phones , pdas , and home appliances , could be seamlessly integrated to provide an " ambient intelligence " that responds to the user ' s desires without requiring explicit programming or commands . while the hardware and software technology to build such systems already exists , as yet ←
→ multi source feedback based performance appraisal system using fuzzy logic decision support system ; in multi - source feedback or 360 degree feedback , data on the performance of an individual are collected systematically from a number of stakeholders and are used for improving performance . the 360 - degree feedback approach provides a consistent management philosophy meeting the criterion outlined previously . the 360 - degree feedback appraisal process describes a human resource methodology that is frequently ←
→ the shattered gradients problem : if resnets are the answer , then what is the question ? ; a long - standing obstacle to progress in deep learning is the problem of vanishing and exploding gradients . the problem has largely been overcome through the introduction of carefully constructed initializations and batch normalization . nevertheless , architectures incorporating skip - connections such as resnets perform much better than standard feedforward architectures despite well - chosen initialization and batch norma ←
→ a bayesian boosting model ; we offer a novel view of adaboost in a statistical setting . we propose a bayesian model for binary classification in which label noise is modeled hierarchically . using variational inference to optimize a dynamic evidence lower bound , we derive a new boosting - like algorithm called viboost . we show its close connections to adaboost and give experimental results from four datasets .←
→ radical - level ideograph encoder for rnn - based sentiment analysis of chinese and japanese ; the character vocabulary can be very large in non - alphabetic languages such as chinese and japanese , which makes neural network models huge to process such languages . we explored a model for sentiment classification that takes the embeddings of the radicals of the chinese characters , i . e , hanzi of chinese and kanji of japanese . our model is composed of a cnn word feature encoder and a bi - directional rnn document fea ←
→ scene text recognition with sliding convolutional character models ; scene text recognition has attracted great interests from the computer vision and pattern recognition community in recent years . state - of - the - art methods use concolutional neural networks ( cnns ), recurrent neural networks with long short - term memory ( rnn - lstm ) or the combination of them . in this paper , we investigate the intrinsic characteristics of text recognition , and inspired by human cognition mechanisms in reading texts , we propose a ←
→ the information theoretically efficient model ( item ): a model for computerized analysis of large datasets ; this document discusses the information theoretically efficient model ( item ), a computerized system to generate an information theoretically efficient multinomial logistic regression from a general dataset . more specifically , this model is designed to succeed even where the logit transform of the dependent variable is not necessarily linear in the independent variables . this research shows that for ←
→ recovery guarantees for exemplar - based clustering ; for a certain class of distributions , we prove that the linear programming relaxation of $ k $- medoids clustering --- a variant of $ k $- means clustering where means are replaced by exemplars from within the dataset --- distinguishes points drawn from nonoverlapping balls with high probability once the number of points drawn and the separation distance between any two balls are sufficiently large . our results hold in the nontrivial regime where the separation dist ←
→ learning to compose skills ; we present a differentiable framework capable of learning a wide variety of compositions of simple policies that we call skills . by recursively composing skills with themselves , we can create hierarchies that display complex behavior . skill networks are trained to generate skill - state embeddings that are provided as inputs to a trainable composition function , which in turn outputs a policy for the overall task . our experiments on an environment consisting of multiple collect and ←
→ thread reconstruction in conversational data using neural coherence models ; discussion forums are an important source of information . they are often used to answer specific questions a user might have and to discover more about a topic of interest . discussions in these forums may evolve in intricate ways , making it difficult for users to follow the flow of ideas . we propose a novel approach for automatically identifying the underlying thread structure of a forum discussion . our approach is based on a neu ←
→ tunneling neural perception and logic reasoning through abductive learning ; perception and reasoning are basic human abilities that are seamlessly connected as part of human intelligence . however , in current machine learning systems , the perception and reasoning modules are incompatible . tasks requiring joint perception and reasoning ability are difficult to accomplish autonomously and still demand human intervention . inspired by the way language experts decoded mayan scripts by joining two abilities in ←
→ poisson image denoising using best linear prediction : a post - processing framework ; in this paper , we address the problem of denoising images degraded by poisson noise . we propose a new patch - based approach based on best linear prediction to estimate the underlying clean image . a simplified prediction formula is derived for poisson observations , which requires the covariance matrix of the underlying clean patch . we use the assumption that similar patches in a neighborhood share the same covariance matrix ,←
→ variable neighborhood search for the university lecturer - student assignment problem ; the paper presents a study of local search heuristics in general and variable neighborhood search in particular for the resolution of an assignment problem studied in the practical work of universities . here , students have to be assigned to scientific topics which are proposed and supported by members of staff . the problem involves the optimization under given preferences of students which may be expressed when applying ←
→ ignorability in statistical and probabilistic inference ; when dealing with incomplete data in statistical learning , or incomplete observations in probabilistic inference , one needs to distinguish the fact that a certain event is observed from the fact that the observed event has happened . since the modeling and computational complexities entailed by maintaining this proper distinction are often prohibitive , one asks for conditions under which it can be safely ignored . such conditions are given by the missi ←
→ applying supervised learning algorithms and a new feature selection method to predict coronary artery disease ; from a fresh data science perspective , this thesis discusses the prediction of coronary artery disease based on genetic variations at the dna base pair level , called single - nucleotide polymorphisms ( snps ), collected from the ontario heart genomics study ( ohgs ). first , the thesis explains two commonly used supervised learning algorithms , the k - nearest neighbour ( k - nn ) and random forest classifi ←
→ vulnerability of deep learning ; the renormalisation group ( rg ) provides a framework in which it is possible to assess whether a deep - learning network is sensitive to small changes in the input data and hence prone to error , or susceptible to adversarial attack . distinct classification outputs are associated with different rg fixed points and sensitivity to small changes in the input data is due to the presence of relevant operators at a fixed point . a numerical scheme , based on monte carlo rg ideas , is pro ←
→ an analysis of neural language modeling at multiple scales ; many of the leading approaches in language modeling introduce novel , complex and specialized architectures . we take existing state - of - the - art word level language models based on lstms and qrnns and extend them to both larger vocabularies as well as character - level granularity . when properly tuned , lstms and qrnns achieve state - of - the - art results on character - level ( penn treebank , enwik8 ) and word - level ( wikitext - 103 ) datasets , respectively . result ←
→ sampling for inference in probabilistic models with fast bayesian quadrature ; we propose a novel sampling framework for inference in probabilistic models : an active learning approach that converges more quickly ( in wall - clock time ) than markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) benchmarks . the central challenge in probabilistic inference is numerical integration , to average over ensembles of models or unknown ( hyper -) parameters ( for example to compute the marginal likelihood or a partition function ). mcmc has prov ←
→ self - organizing machine translation : example - driven induction of transfer functions ; with the advent of faster computers , the notion of doing machine translation from a huge stored database of translation examples is no longer unreasonable . this paper describes an attempt to merge the example - based machine translation ( ebmt ) approach with psycholinguistic principles . a new formalism for context - free grammars , called * marker - normal form *, is demonstrated and used to describe language data in a way compat ←
→ on study of the binarized deep neural network for image classification ; recently , the deep neural network ( derived from the artificial neural network ) has attracted many researchers ' attention by its outstanding performance . however , since this network requires high - performance gpus and large storage , it is very hard to use it on individual devices . in order to improve the deep neural network , many trials have been made by refining the network structure or training strategy . unlike those trials , in this pa ←
→ generalized scene reconstruction ; a new passive approach called generalized scene reconstruction ( gsr ) enables " generalized scenes " to be effectively reconstructed . generalized scenes are defined to be " boundless " spaces that include non - lambertian , partially transmissive , textureless and finely - structured matter . a new data structure called a plenoptic octree is introduced to enable efficient ( database - like ) light and matter field reconstruction in devices such as mobile phones , augmented reality ( ar ) gla ←
→ adapting sequence models for sentence correction ; in a controlled experiment of sequence - to - sequence approaches for the task of sentence correction , we find that character - based models are generally more effective than word - based models and models that encode subword information via convolutions , and that modeling the output data as a series of diffs improves effectiveness over standard approaches . our strongest sequence - to - sequence model improves over our strongest phrase - based statistical machine transla ←
→ multi - dimensional parametric mincuts for constrained map inference ; in this paper , we propose novel algorithms for inferring the maximum a posteriori ( map ) solution of discrete pairwise random field models under multiple constraints . we show how this constrained discrete optimization problem can be formulated as a multi - dimensional parametric mincut problem via its lagrangian dual , and prove that our algorithm isolates all constraint instances for which the problem can be solved exactly . these multiple sol ←
→ rank of experts : detection network ensemble ; the recent advances of convolutional detectors show impressive performance improvement for large scale object detection . however , in general , the detection performance usually decreases as the object classes to be detected increases , and it is a practically challenging problem to train a dominant model for all classes due to the limitations of detection models and datasets . in most cases , therefore , there are distinct performance differences of the modern convol ←
→ stochastic gradient descent on riemannian manifolds ; stochastic gradient descent is a simple approach to find the local minima of a cost function whose evaluations are corrupted by noise . in this paper , we develop a procedure extending stochastic gradient descent algorithms to the case where the function is defined on a riemannian manifold . we prove that , as in the euclidian case , the gradient descent algorithm converges to a critical point of the cost function . the algorithm has numerous potential applica ←
→ a scalable end - to - end gaussian process adapter for irregularly sampled time series classification ; we present a general framework for classification of sparse and irregularly - sampled time series . the properties of such time series can result in substantial uncertainty about the values of the underlying temporal processes , while making the data difficult to deal with using standard classification methods that assume fixed - dimensional feature spaces . to address these challenges , we propose an uncertainty - a ←
→ evaluation of hashing methods performance on binary feature descriptors ; in this paper we evaluate performance of data - dependent hashing methods on binary data . the goal is to find a hashing method that can effectively produce lower dimensional binary representation of 512 - bit freak descriptors . a representative sample of recent unsupervised , semi - supervised and supervised hashing methods was experimentally evaluated on large datasets of labelled binary freak feature descriptors .←
→ subspace network : deep multi - task censored regression for modeling neurodegenerative diseases ; over the past decade a wide spectrum of machine learning models have been developed to model the neurodegenerative diseases , associating biomarkers , especially non - intrusive neuroimaging markers , with key clinical scores measuring the cognitive status of patients . multi - task learning ( mtl ) has been commonly utilized by these studies to address high dimensionality and small cohort size challenges . however , most ←
→ learning in riemannian orbifolds ; learning in riemannian orbifolds is motivated by existing machine learning algorithms that directly operate on finite combinatorial structures such as point patterns , trees , and graphs . these methods , however , lack statistical justification . this contribution derives consistency results for learning problems in structured domains and thereby generalizes learning in vector spaces and manifolds .←
→ novel word embedding and translation - based language modeling for extractive speech summarization ; word embedding methods revolve around learning continuous distributed vector representations of words with neural networks , which can capture semantic and / or syntactic cues , and in turn be used to induce similarity measures among words , sentences and documents in context . celebrated methods can be categorized as prediction - based and count - based methods according to the training objectives and model architect ←
→ quantifying aspect bias in ordinal ratings using a bayesian approach ; user opinions expressed in the form of ratings can influence an individual ' s view of an item . however , the true quality of an item is often obfuscated by user biases , and it is not obvious from the observed ratings the importance different users place on different aspects of an item . we propose a probabilistic modeling of the observed aspect ratings to infer ( i ) each user ' s aspect bias and ( ii ) latent intrinsic quality of an item . we mod ←
→ empirical bounds for functions with weak interactions ; we provide sharp empirical estimates of expectation , variance and normal approximation for a class of statistics whose variation in any argument does not change too much when another argument is modified . examples of such weak interactions are furnished by u - and v - statistics , lipschitz l - statistics and various error functionals of l2 - regularized algorithms and gibbs algorithms .←
→ syntactic and semantic classification of verb arguments using dependency - based and rich semantic features ; corpus pattern analysis ( cpa ) has been the topic of semeval 2015 task 15 , aimed at producing a system that can aid lexicographers in their efforts to build a dictionary of meanings for english verbs using the cpa annotation process . cpa parsing is one of the subtasks which this annotation process is made of and it is the focus of this report . a supervised machine - learning approach has been implement ←
→ demixing structured superposition signals from periodic and aperiodic nonlinear observations ; we consider the demixing problem of two ( or more ) structured high - dimensional vectors from a limited number of nonlinear observations where this nonlinearity is due to either a periodic or an aperiodic function . we study certain families of structured superposition models , and propose a method which provably recovers the components given ( nearly ) $ m = \ mathcal { o }( s )$ samples where $ s $ denotes the sparsity level ←
→ tap - dlnd 1 . 0 : a corpus for document level novelty detection ; detecting novelty of an entire document is an artificial intelligence ( ai ) frontier problem that has widespread nlp applications , such as extractive document summarization , tracking development of news events , predicting impact of scholarly articles , etc . important though the problem is , we are unaware of any benchmark document level data that correctly addresses the evaluation of automatic novelty detection techniques in a classification framew ←
→ video de - fencing ; this paper describes and provides an initial solution to a novel video editing task , i . e ., video de - fencing . it targets automatic restoration of the video clips that are corrupted by fence - like occlusions during capture . our key observation lies in the visual parallax between fences and background scenes , which is caused by the fact that the former are typically closer to the camera . unlike in traditional image inpainting , fence - occluded pixels in the videos tend to appear later in the te ←
→ contextual weak independence in bayesian networks ; it is well - known that the notion of ( strong ) conditional independence ( ci ) is too restrictive to capture independencies that only hold in certain contexts . this kind of contextual independency , called context - strong independence ( csi ), can be used to facilitate the acquisition , representation , and inference of probabilistic knowledge . in this paper , we suggest the use of contextual weak independence ( cwi ) in bayesian networks . it should be emphasized that ←
→ tracing a loose wordhood for chinese input method engine ; chinese input methods are used to convert pinyin sequence or other latin encoding systems into chinese character sentences . for more effective pinyin - to - character conversion , typical input method engines ( imes ) rely on a predefined vocabulary that demands manually maintenance on schedule . for the purpose of removing the inconvenient vocabulary setting , this work focuses on automatic wordhood acquisition by fully considering that chinese inputting is ←
→ convex relaxations of bregman divergence clustering ; although many convex relaxations of clustering have been proposed in the past decade , current formulations remain restricted to spherical gaussian or discriminative models and are susceptible to imbalanced clusters . to address these shortcomings , we propose a new class of convex relaxations that can be flexibly applied to more general forms of bregman divergence clustering . by basing these new formulations on normalized equivalence relations we retain ad ←
→ phenotyping of clinical time series with lstm recurrent neural networks ; we present a novel application of lstm recurrent neural networks to multilabel classification of diagnoses given variable - length time series of clinical measurements . our method outperforms a strong baseline on a variety of metrics .←
→ the biodynamo project ; computer simulations have become a very powerful tool for scientific research . given the vast complexity that comes with many open scientific questions , a purely analytical or experimental approach is often not viable . for example , biological systems ( such as the human brain ) comprise an extremely complex organization and heterogeneous interactions across different spatial and temporal scales . in order to facilitate research on such problems , the biodynamo project (\ url { https :// biody ←
→ no more pesky learning rates ; the performance of stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) depends critically on how learning rates are tuned and decreased over time . we propose a method to automatically adjust multiple learning rates so as to minimize the expected error at any one time . the method relies on local gradient variations across samples . in our approach , learning rates can increase as well as decrease , making it suitable for non - stationary problems . using a number of convex and non - convex learning task ←
→ toward an example - based machine translation from written text to asl using virtual agent animation ; modern computational linguistic software cannot produce important aspects of sign language translation . using some researches we deduce that the majority of automatic sign language translation systems ignore many aspects when they generate animation ; therefore the interpretation lost the truth information meaning . our goals are : to translate written text from any language to asl animation ; to model maximum ←
→ continuation methods for mixing heterogenous sources ; a number of modern learning tasks involve estimation from heterogeneous information sources . this includes classification with labeled and unlabeled data as well as other problems with analogous structure such as competitive ( game theoretic ) problems . the associated estimation problems can be typically reduced to solving a set of fixed point equations ( consistency conditions ). we introduce a general method for combining a preferred information source wi ←
→ turing computation with recurrent artificial neural networks ; we improve the results by siegelmann & sontag ( 1995 ) by providing a novel and parsimonious constructive mapping between turing machines and recurrent artificial neural networks , based on recent developments of nonlinear dynamical automata . the architecture of the resulting r - anns is simple and elegant , stemming from its transparent relation with the underlying ndas . these characteristics yield promise for developments in machine learning methods ←
→ learning weighted association rules in human phenotype ontology ; the human phenotype ontology ( hpo ) is a structured repository of concepts ( hpo terms ) that are associated to one or more diseases . the process of association is referred to as annotation . the relevance and the specificity of both hpo terms and annotations are evaluated by a measure defined as information content ( ic ). the analysis of annotated data is thus an important challenge for bioinformatics . there exist different approaches of analysis ←
→ densely connected bidirectional lstm with applications to sentence classification ; deep neural networks have recently been shown to achieve highly competitive performance in many computer vision tasks due to their abilities of exploring in a much larger hypothesis space . however , since most deep architectures like stacked rnns tend to suffer from the vanishing - gradient and overfitting problems , their effects are still understudied in many nlp tasks . inspired by this , we propose a novel multi - layer rnn mo ←
→ dctnet : a simple learning - free approach for face recognition ; pcanet was proposed as a lightweight deep learning network that mainly leverages principal component analysis ( pca ) to learn multistage filter banks followed by binarization and block - wise histograming . pcanet was shown worked surprisingly well in various image classification tasks . however , pcanet is data - dependence hence inflexible . in this paper , we proposed a data - independence network , dubbed dctnet for face recognition in which we adopt di ←
→ video imagination from a single image with transformation generation ; in this work , we focus on a challenging task : synthesizing multiple imaginary videos given a single image . major problems come from high dimensionality of pixel space and the ambiguity of potential motions . to overcome those problems , we propose a new framework that produce imaginary videos by transformation generation . the generated transformations are applied to the original image in a novel volumetric merge network to reconstruct fram ←
→ clingcon : the next generation ; we present the third generation of the constraint answer set system clingcon , combining answer set programming ( asp ) with finite domain constraint processing ( cp ). while its predecessors rely on a black - box approach to hybrid solving by integrating the cp solver gecode , the new clingcon system pursues a lazy approach using dedicated constraint propagators to extend propagation in the underlying asp solver clasp . no extension is needed for parsing and grounding clingcon ' s hybr ←
→ penalizing unfairness in binary classification ; we present a new approach for mitigating unfairness in learned classifiers . in particular , we focus on binary classification tasks over individuals from two populations , where , as our criterion for fairness , we wish to achieve similar false positive rates in both populations , and similar false negative rates in both populations . as a proof of concept , we implement our approach and empirically evaluate its ability to achieve both fairness and accuracy , using d ←
→ interpretable & explorable approximations of black box models ; we propose black box explanations through transparent approximations ( beta ), a novel model agnostic framework for explaining the behavior of any black - box classifier by simultaneously optimizing for fidelity to the original model and interpretability of the explanation . to this end , we develop a novel objective function which allows us to learn ( with optimality guarantees ), a small number of compact decision sets each of which explains the beha ←
→ distributed submodular maximization ; many large - scale machine learning problems -- clustering , non - parametric learning , kernel machines , etc .-- require selecting a small yet representative subset from a large dataset . such problems can often be reduced to maximizing a submodular set function subject to various constraints . classical approaches to submodular optimization require centralized access to the full dataset , which is impractical for truly large - scale problems . in this paper , we consider the problem o ←
→ an extended perona - malik model based on probabilistic models ; the perona - malik model has been very successful at restoring images from noisy input . in this paper , we reinterpret the perona - malik model in the language of gaussian scale mixtures and derive some extensions of the model . specifically , we show that the expectation - maximization ( em ) algorithm applied to gaussian scale mixtures leads to the lagged - diffusivity algorithm for computing stationary points of the perona - malik diffusion equations . moreo ←
→ learning content selection rules for generating object descriptions in dialogue ; a fundamental requirement of any task - oriented dialogue system is the ability to generate object descriptions that refer to objects in the task domain . the subproblem of content selection for object descriptions in task - oriented dialogue has been the focus of much previous work and a large number of models have been proposed . in this paper , we use the annotated coconut corpus of task - oriented design dialogues to develop feat ←
→ camrep - concordia action and motion repository ; action recognition , motion classification , gait analysis and synthesis are fundamental problems in a number of fields such as computer graphics , bio - mechanics and human computer interaction that generate a large body of research . this type of data is complex because it is inherently multidimensional and has multiple modalities such as video , motion capture data , accelerometer data , etc . while some of this data , such as monocular video are easy to acquire , oth ←
→ syntactically informed text compression with recurrent neural networks ; we present a self - contained system for constructing natural language models for use in text compression . our system improves upon previous neural network based models by utilizing recent advances in syntactic parsing -- google ' s syntaxnet -- to augment character - level recurrent neural networks . rnns have proven exceptional in modeling sequence data such as text , as their architecture allows for modeling of long - term contextual informat ←
→ a proposal project for a blind image quality assessment by learning distortions from the full reference image quality assessments ; this short paper presents a perspective plan to build a null reference image quality assessment . its main goal is to deliver both the objective score and the distortion map for a given distorted image without the knowledge of its reference image .←
→ a nested hdp for hierarchical topic models ; we develop a nested hierarchical dirichlet process ( nhdp ) for hierarchical topic modeling . the nhdp is a generalization of the nested chinese restaurant process ( ncrp ) that allows each word to follow its own path to a topic node according to a document - specific distribution on a shared tree . this alleviates the rigid , single - path formulation of the ncrp , allowing a document to more easily express thematic borrowings as a random effect . we demonstrate our algorith ←
→ coordinate descent methods for symmetric nonnegative matrix factorization ; given a symmetric nonnegative matrix $ a $, symmetric nonnegative matrix factorization ( symnmf ) is the problem of finding a nonnegative matrix $ h $, usually with much fewer columns than $ a $, such that $ a \ approx hh ^ t $. symnmf can be used for data analysis and in particular for various clustering tasks . in this paper , we propose simple and very efficient coordinate descent schemes to solve this problem , and that can handle large and s ←
→ a german corpus for text similarity detection tasks ; text similarity detection aims at measuring the degree of similarity between a pair of texts . corpora available for text similarity detection are designed to evaluate the algorithms to assess the paraphrase level among documents . in this paper we present a textual german corpus for similarity detection . the purpose of this corpus is to automatically assess the similarity between a pair of texts and to evaluate different similarity measures , both for whol ←
→ sea level anomaly prediction using recurrent neural networks ; sea level change , one of the most dire impacts of anthropogenic global warming , will affect a large amount of the world ' s population . however , sea level change is not uniform in time and space , and the skill of conventional prediction methods is limited due to the ocean ' s internal variabi - lity on timescales from weeks to decades . here we study the potential of neural network methods which have been used successfully in other applications , but ra ←
→ hybrid batch bayesian optimization ; bayesian optimization aims at optimizing an unknown non - convex / concave function that is costly to evaluate . we are interested in application scenarios where concurrent function evaluations are possible . under such a setting , bo could choose to either sequentially evaluate the function , one input at a time and wait for the output of the function before making the next selection , or evaluate the function at a batch of multiple inputs at once . these two different settings a ←
→ cooperative starting movement detection of cyclists using convolutional neural networks and a boosted stacking ensemble ; in future , vehicles and other traffic participants will be interconnected and equipped with various types of sensors , allowing for cooperation on different levels , such as situation prediction or intention detection . in this article we present a cooperative approach for starting movement detection of cyclists using a boosted stacking ensemble approach realizing feature - and decision le ←
→ a kernel classification framework for metric learning ; learning a distance metric from the given training samples plays a crucial role in many machine learning tasks , and various models and optimization algorithms have been proposed in the past decade . in this paper , we generalize several state - of - the - art metric learning methods , such as large margin nearest neighbor ( lmnn ) and information theoretic metric learning ( itml ), into a kernel classification framework . first , doublets and triplets are constructed ←
→ on classes of functions for which no free lunch results hold ; in a recent paper it was shown that no free lunch results hold for any subset f of the set of all possible functions from a finite set x to a finite set y iff f is closed under permutation of x . in this article , we prove that the number of those subsets can be neglected compared to the overall number of possible subsets . further , we present some arguments why problem classes relevant in practice are not likely to be closed under permutation .←
→ artwork creation by a cognitive architecture integrating computational creativity and dual process approaches ; the paper proposes a novel cognitive architecture ( ca ) for computational creativity based on the psi model and on the mechanisms inspired by dual process theories of reasoning and rationality . in recent years , many cognitive models have focused on dual process theories to better describe and implement complex cognitive skills in artificial agents , but creativity has been approached only at a des ←
→ taxonomy , structure , and implementation of evidential reasoning ; the fundamental elements of evidential reasoning problems are described , followed by a discussion of the structure of various types of problems . bayesian inference networks and state space formalism are used as the tool for problem representation . a human - oriented decision making cycle for solving evidential reasoning problems is described and illustrated for a military situation assessment problem . the implementation of this cycle may serv ←
→ parse geometry from a line : monocular depth estimation with partial laser observation ; many standard robotic platforms are equipped with at least a fixed 2d laser range finder and a monocular camera . although those platforms do not have sensors for 3d depth sensing capability , knowledge of depth is an essential part in many robotics activities . therefore , recently , there is an increasing interest in depth estimation using monocular images . as this task is inherently ambiguous , the data - driven estimated d ←
→ evidential - em algorithm applied to progressively censored observations ; evidential - em ( e2m ) algorithm is an effective approach for computing maximum likelihood estimations under finite mixture models , especially when there is uncertain information about data . in this paper we present an extension of the e2m method in a particular case of incom - plete data , where the loss of information is due to both mixture models and censored observations . the prior uncertain information is expressed by belief functions , ←
→ deep multi - scale video prediction beyond mean square error ; learning to predict future images from a video sequence involves the construction of an internal representation that models the image evolution accurately , and therefore , to some degree , its content and dynamics . this is why pixel - space video prediction may be viewed as a promising avenue for unsupervised feature learning . in addition , while optical flow has been a very studied problem in computer vision for a long time , future frame prediction is ←
→ current state and challenges of automatic planning in web service composition ; this paper gives a survey on the current state of web service compositions and the difficulties and solutions to automated web service compositions . this first gives a definition of web service composition and the motivation and goal of it . it then explores into why we need automated web service compositions and formally defines the domains . techniques and solutions are proposed by the papers we surveyed to solve the current d ←
→ irrelevance and independence relations in quasi - bayesian networks ; this paper analyzes irrelevance and independence relations in graphical models associated with convex sets of probability distributions ( called quasi - bayesian networks ). the basic question in quasi - bayesian networks is , how can irrelevance / independence relations in quasi - bayesian networks be detected , enforced and exploited ? this paper addresses these questions through walley ' s definitions of irrelevance and independence . novel algorithms a ←
→ simple deep random model ensemble ; representation learning and unsupervised learning are two central topics of machine learning and signal processing . deep learning is one of the most effective unsupervised representation learning approach . the main contributions of this paper to the topics are as follows . ( i ) we propose to view the representative deep learning approaches as special cases of the knowledge reuse framework of clustering ensemble . ( ii ) we propose to view sparse coding when used as a feature e ←
→ phase retrieval meets statistical learning theory : a flexible convex relaxation ; we propose a flexible convex relaxation for the phase retrieval problem that operates in the natural domain of the signal . therefore , we avoid the prohibitive computational cost associated with " lifting " and semidefinite programming ( sdp ) in methods such as phaselift and compete with recently developed non - convex techniques for phase retrieval . we relax the quadratic equations for phaseless measurements to inequality constra ←
→ effect of tuned parameters on a lsa mcq answering model ; this paper presents the current state of a work in progress , whose objective is to better understand the effects of factors that significantly influence the performance of latent semantic analysis ( lsa ). a difficult task , which consists in answering ( french ) biology multiple choice questions , is used to test the semantic properties of the truncated singular space and to study the relative influence of main parameters . a dedicated software has been de ←
→ a real - time rule - based system for bridge management based on cart decision tree and smo algorithms ; to real - time management of the bridges under dynamic conditions , this paper develops a rule - based decision support framework to extract the necessary rules from simulation results made by aimsun . in this rule - based system , the supervised and the unsupervised learning algorithms are applied to generalize the rules where the initial set of rules are provided by the aid of fuzzy rule generation algorithms on ←
→ human associations help to detect conventionalized multiword expressions ; in this paper we show that if we want to obtain human evidence about conventionalization of some phrases , we should ask native speakers about associations they have to a given phrase and its component words . we have shown that if component words of a phrase have each other as frequent associations , then this phrase can be considered as conventionalized . another type of conventionalized phrases can be revealed using two factors : low e ←
→ lstm networks for data - aware remaining time prediction of business process instances ; predicting the completion time of business process instances would be a very helpful aid when managing processes under service level agreement constraints . the ability to know in advance the trend of running process instances would allow business managers to react in time , in order to prevent delays or undesirable situations . however , making such accurate forecasts is not easy : many factors may influence the required ti ←
→ concatenated image completion via tensor augmentation and completion ; this paper proposes a novel framework called concatenated image completion via tensor augmentation and completion ( ictac ), which recovers missing entries of color images with high accuracy . typical images are second - or third - order tensors ( 2d / 3d ) depending if they are grayscale or color , hence tensor completion algorithms are ideal for their recovery . the proposed framework performs image completion by concatenating copies of a single i ←
→ quality estimation of english - hindi outputs using naive bayes classifier ; in this paper we present an approach for estimating the quality of machine translation system . there are various methods for estimating the quality of output sentences , but in this paper we focus on na \" ive bayes classifier to build model using features which are extracted from the input sentences . these features are used for finding the likelihood of each of the sentences of the training data which are then further used for determin ←
→ an iterative spanning forest framework for superpixel segmentation ; superpixel segmentation has become an important research problem in image processing . in this paper , we propose an iterative spanning forest ( isf ) framework , based on sequences of image foresting transforms , where one can choose i ) a seed sampling strategy , ii ) a connectivity function , iii ) an adjacency relation , and iv ) a seed pixel recomputation procedure to generate improved sets of connected superpixels ( supervoxels in 3d ) per iteratio ←
→ supervised anomaly detection in uncertain pseudoperiodic data streams ; uncertain data streams have been widely generated in many web applications . the uncertainty in data streams makes anomaly detection from sensor data streams far more challenging . in this paper , we present a novel framework that supports anomaly detection in uncertain data streams . the proposed framework adopts an efficient uncertainty pre - processing procedure to identify and eliminate uncertainties in data streams . based on the correcte ←
→ deep spatial regression model for image crowd counting ; computer vision techniques have been used to produce accurate and generic crowd count estimators in recent years . due to severe occlusions , appearance variations , perspective distortions and illumination conditions , crowd counting is a very challenging task . to this end , we propose a deep spatial regression model ( dsrm ) for counting the number of individuals present in a still image with arbitrary perspective and arbitrary resolution . our proposed mode ←
→ ensemble representation learning : an analysis of fitness and survival for wrapper - based genetic programming methods ; recently we proposed a general , ensemble - based feature engineering wrapper ( few ) that was paired with a number of machine learning methods to solve regression problems . here , we adapt few for supervised classification and perform a thorough analysis of fitness and survival methods within this framework . our tests demonstrate that two fitness metrics , one introduced as an adaptation of the ←
→ when do numbers really matter ? ; common wisdom has it that small distinctions in the probabilities ( parameters ) quantifying a belief network do not matter much for the results of probabilistic queries . yet , one can develop realistic scenarios under which small variations in network parameters can lead to significant changes in computed queries . a pending theoretical question is then to analytically characterize parameter changes that do or do not matter . in this paper , we study the sensitivity of probabilis ←
→ re3 : real - time recurrent regression networks for visual tracking of generic objects ; robust object tracking requires knowledge and understanding of the object being tracked : its appearance , its motion , and how it changes over time . a tracker must be able to modify its underlying model and adapt to new observations . we present re3 , a real - time deep object tracker capable of incorporating temporal information into its model . rather than focusing on a limited set of objects or training a model at test - time ←
→ incident light frequency - based image defogging algorithm ; considering the problem of color distortion caused by the defogging algorithm based on dark channel prior , an improved algorithm was proposed to calculate the transmittance of all channels respectively . first , incident light frequency ' s effect on the transmittance of various color channels was analyzed according to the beer - lambert ' s law , from which a proportion among various channel transmittances was derived ; afterwards , images were preprocessed b ←
→ learning where to look : data - driven viewpoint set selection for 3d scenes ; the use of rendered images , whether from completely synthetic datasets or from 3d reconstructions , is increasingly prevalent in vision tasks . however , little attention has been given to how the selection of viewpoints affects the performance of rendered training sets . in this paper , we propose a data - driven approach to view set selection . given a set of example images , we extract statistics describing their contents and generate a ←
→ deep hashing : a joint approach for image signature learning ; similarity - based image hashing represents crucial technique for visual data storage reduction and expedited image search . conventional hashing schemes typically feed hand - crafted features into hash functions , which separates the procedures of feature extraction and hash function learning . in this paper , we propose a novel algorithm that concurrently performs feature engineering and non - linear supervised hashing function learning . our technical co ←
→ gradient descent with random initialization : fast global convergence for nonconvex phase retrieval ; this paper considers the problem of solving systems of quadratic equations , namely , recovering an object of interest $\ mathbf { x }^{\ natural }\ in \ mathbb { r }^{ n }$ from $ m $ quadratic equations / samples $ y_ { i }=(\ mathbf { a } _ { i }^{\ top }\ mathbf { x }^{\ natural })^{ 2 }$, $ 1 \ leq i \ leq m $. this problem , also dubbed as phase retrieval , spans multiple domains including physical sciences and machine learning . we investigate the ←
→ multiple - kernel local - patch descriptor ; we propose a multiple - kernel local - patch descriptor based on efficient match kernels of patch gradients . it combines two parametrizations of gradient position and direction , each parametrization provides robustness to a different type of patch miss - registration : polar parametrization for noise in the patch dominant orientation detection , cartesian for imprecise location of the feature point . even though handcrafted , the proposed method consistently outperforms the st ←
→ multidimensional transformation - based learning ; this paper presents a novel method that allows a machine learning algorithm following the transformation - based learning paradigm \ cite { brill95 : tagging } to be applied to multiple classification tasks by training jointly and simultaneously on all fields . the motivation for constructing such a system stems from the observation that many tasks in natural language processing are naturally composed of multiple subtasks which need to be resolved simultaneously ; also ←
→ multi - label zero - shot human action recognition via joint latent embedding ; human action recognition refers to automatic recognizing human actions from a video clip , which is one of the most challenging tasks in computer vision . in reality , a video stream is often weakly - annotated with a set of relevant human action labels at a global level rather than assigning each label to a specific video episode corresponding to a single action , which leads to a multi - label learning problem . furthermore , there are a ←
→ speculation on graph computation architectures and computing via synchronization ; a speculative overview of a future topic of research . the paper is a collection of ideas concerning two related areas : 1 ) graph computation machines (" computing with graphs "). this is the class of models of computation in which the state of the computation is represented as a graph or network . 2 ) arc - based neural networks , which store information not as activation in the nodes , but rather by adding and deleting arcs . so ←
→ dimensionality reduction on grassmannian via riemannian optimization : a generalized perspective ; this paper proposes a generalized framework with joint normalization which learns lower - dimensional subspaces with maximum discriminative power by making use of the riemannian geometry . in particular , we model the similarity / dissimilarity between subspaces using various metrics defined on grassmannian and formulate dimen - sionality reduction as a non - linear constraint optimization problem considering the ortho ←
→ a hybrid citation retrieval algorithm for evidence - based clinical knowledge summarization : combining concept extraction , vector similarity and query expansion for high precision ; novel information retrieval methods to identify citations relevant to a clinical topic can overcome the knowledge gap existing between the primary literature ( medline ) and online clinical knowledge resources such as uptodate . searching the medline database directly or with query expansion methods returns a large number of cita ←
→ dimensionapp : android app to estimate object dimensions ; in this project , we develop an android app that uses on computer vision techniques to estimate an object dimension present in field of view . the app while having compact size , is accurate upto +/- 5 mm and robust towards touch inputs . we use single - view metrology to compute accurate measurement . unlike previous approaches , our technique does not rely on line detection and can be generalize to any object shape easily .←
→ segmentation of 3d high - frequency ultrasound images of human lymph nodes using graph cut with energy functional adapted to local intensity distribution ; previous studies by our group have shown that three - dimensional high - frequency quantitative ultrasound methods have the potential to differentiate metastatic lymph nodes from cancer - free lymph nodes dissected from human cancer patients . to successfully perform these methods inside the lymph node parenchyma , an automatic segmentation method is highly de ←
→ abductive , causal , and counterfactual conditionals under incomplete probabilistic knowledge ; we study abductive , causal , and non - causal conditionals in indicative and counterfactual formulations using probabilistic truth table tasks under incomplete probabilistic knowledge ( n = 80 ). we frame the task as a probability - logical inference problem . the most frequently observed response type across all conditions was a class of conditional event interpretations of conditionals ; it was followed by conjunction i ←
→ motifnet : a motif - based graph convolutional network for directed graphs ; deep learning on graphs and in particular , graph convolutional neural networks , have recently attracted significant attention in the machine learning community . many of such techniques explore the analogy between the graph laplacian eigenvectors and the classical fourier basis , allowing to formulate the convolution as a multiplication in the spectral domain . one of the key drawback of spectral cnns is their explicit assumption of an u ←
→ efficiently learning a detection cascade with sparse eigenvectors ; in this work , we first show that feature selection methods other than boosting can also be used for training an efficient object detector . in particular , we introduce greedy sparse linear discriminant analysis ( gslda ) \ cite { moghaddam2007fast } for its conceptual simplicity and computational efficiency ; and slightly better detection performance is achieved compared with \ cite { viola2004robust }. moreover , we propose a new technique , termed boos ←
→ continual one - shot learning of hidden spike - patterns with neural network simulation expansion and stdp convergence predictions ; this paper presents a constructive algorithm that achieves successful one - shot learning of hidden spike - patterns in a competitive detection task . it has previously been shown ( masquelier et al ., 2008 ) that spike - timing - dependent plasticity ( stdp ) and lateral inhibition can result in neurons competitively tuned to repeating spike - patterns concealed in high rates of overall presyn ←
→ modeling musical context with word2vec ; we present a semantic vector space model for capturing complex polyphonic musical context . a word2vec model based on a skip - gram representation with negative sampling was used to model slices of music from a dataset of beethoven ' s piano sonatas . a visualization of the reduced vector space using t - distributed stochastic neighbor embedding shows that the resulting embedded vector space captures tonal relationships , even without any explicit information about the musica ←
→ semantic segmentation via highly fused convolutional network with multiple soft cost functions ; semantic image segmentation is one of the most challenged tasks in computer vision . in this paper , we propose a highly fused convolutional network , which consists of three parts : feature downsampling , combined feature upsampling and multiple predictions . we adopt a strategy of multiple steps of upsampling and combined feature maps in pooling layers with its corresponding unpooling layers . then we bring out mul ←
→ reasoning and algorithm selection augmented symbolic segmentation ; in this paper we present an alternative method to symbolic segmentation : we approach symbolic segmentation as an algorithm selection problem . that is , let there be a set a of available algorithms for symbolic segmentation , a set of input features $ f $, a set of image attribute $\ mathbb { a }$ and a selection mechanism $ s ( f ,\ mathbb { a }, a )$ that selects on a case by case basis the best algorithm . the semantic segmentation is then an optimization p ←
→ approximate gradient coding via sparse random graphs ; distributed algorithms are often beset by the straggler effect , where the slowest compute nodes in the system dictate the overall running time . coding - theoretic techniques have been recently proposed to mitigate stragglers via algorithmic redundancy . prior work in coded computation and gradient coding has mainly focused on exact recovery of the desired output . however , slightly inexact solutions can be acceptable in applications that are robust to noise ←
→ feup at semeval - 2017 task 5 : predicting sentiment polarity and intensity with financial word embeddings ; this paper presents the approach developed at the faculty of engineering of university of porto , to participate in semeval 2017 , task 5 : fine - grained sentiment analysis on financial microblogs and news . the task consisted in predicting a real continuous variable from - 1 . 0 to + 1 . 0 representing the polarity and intensity of sentiment concerning companies / stocks mentioned in short texts . we modeled the t ←
→ deciding morality of graphs is np - complete ; in order to find a causal explanation for data presented in the form of covariance and concentration matrices it is necessary to decide if the graph formed by such associations is a projection of a directed acyclic graph ( dag ). we show that the general problem of deciding whether such a dag exists is np - complete .←
→ causal discovery of linear acyclic models with arbitrary distributions ; an important task in data analysis is the discovery of causal relationships between observed variables . for continuous - valued data , linear acyclic causal models are commonly used to model the data - generating process , and the inference of such models is a well - studied problem . however , existing methods have significant limitations . methods based on conditional independencies ( spirtes et al . 1993 ; pearl 2000 ) cannot distinguish between i ←
→ stochastic canonical correlation analysis ; we tightly analyze the sample complexity of cca , provide a learning algorithm that achieves optimal statistical performance in time linear in the required number of samples ( up to log factors ), as well as a streaming algorithm with similar guarantees .←
→ creation of an annotated corpus of spanish radiology reports ; this paper presents a new annotated corpus of 513 anonymized radiology reports written in spanish . reports were manually annotated with entities , negation and uncertainty terms and relations . the corpus was conceived as an evaluation resource for named entity recognition and relation extraction algorithms , and as input for the use of supervised methods . biomedical annotated resources are scarce due to confidentiality issues and associated costs .←
→ one size fits many : column bundle for multi - x learning ; much recent machine learning research has been directed towards leveraging shared statistics among labels , instances and data views , commonly referred to as multi - label , multi - instance and multi - view learning . the underlying premises are that there exist correlations among input parts and among output targets , and the predictive performance would increase when the correlations are incorporated . in this paper , we propose column bundle ( clb ), a novel de ←
→ optimal approximate matrix product in terms of stable rank ; we prove , using the subspace embedding guarantee in a black box way , that one can achieve the spectral norm guarantee for approximate matrix multiplication with a dimensionality - reducing map having $ m = o (\ tilde { r }/\ varepsilon ^ 2 )$ rows . here $\ tilde { r }$ is the maximum stable rank , i . e . squared ratio of frobenius and operator norms , of the two matrices being multiplied . this is a quantitative improvement over previous work of [ mz11 , kvz14 ], and is ←
→ backtracking regression forests for accurate camera relocalization ; camera relocalization plays a vital role in many robotics and computer vision tasks , such as global localization , recovery from tracking failure , and loop closure detection . recent random forests based methods directly predict 3d world locations for 2d image locations to guide the camera pose optimization . during training , each tree greedily splits the samples to minimize the spatial variance . however , these greedy splits often produce une ←
→ story generation from sequence of independent short descriptions ; existing natural language generation ( nlg ) systems are weak ai systems and exhibit limited capabilities when language generation tasks demand higher levels of creativity , originality and brevity . effective solutions or , at least evaluations of modern nlg paradigms for such creative tasks have been elusive , unfortunately . this paper introduces and addresses the task of coherent story generation from independent descriptions , describing a scen ←
→ language identification using deep convolutional recurrent neural networks ; language identification ( lid ) systems are used to classify the spoken language from a given audio sample and are typically the first step for many spoken language processing tasks , such as automatic speech recognition ( asr ) systems . without automatic language detection , speech utterances cannot be parsed correctly and grammar rules cannot be applied , causing subsequent speech recognition steps to fail . we propose a lid system tha ←
→ understanding and optimizing the performance of distributed machine learning applications on apache spark ; in this paper we explore the performance limits of apache spark for machine learning applications . we begin by analyzing the characteristics of a state - of - the - art distributed machine learning algorithm implemented in spark and compare it to an equivalent reference implementation using the high performance computing framework mpi . we identify critical bottlenecks of the spark framework and carefully ←
→ discriminatively boosted image clustering with fully convolutional auto - encoders ; traditional image clustering methods take a two - step approach , feature learning and clustering , sequentially . however , recent research results demonstrated that combining the separated phases in a unified framework and training them jointly can achieve a better performance . in this paper , we first introduce fully convolutional auto - encoders for image feature learning and then propose a unified clustering framework to learn ←
→ filter based taxonomy modification for improving hierarchical classification ; hierarchical classification ( hc ) is a supervised learning problem where unlabeled instances are classified into a taxonomy of classes . several methods that utilize the hierarchical structure have been developed to improve the hc performance . however , in most cases apriori defined hierarchical structure by domain experts is inconsistent ; as a consequence performance improvement is not noticeable in comparison to flat classificat ←
→ dual extrapolation for faster lasso solvers ; convex sparsity - inducing regularizations are ubiquitous in high - dimension machine learning , but their non - differentiability requires the use of iterative solvers . to accelerate such solvers , state - of - the - art approaches consist in reducing the size of the optimization problem at hand . in the context of regression , this can be achieved either by discarding irrelevant features ( screening techniques ) or by prioritizing features likely to be included in the support o ←
→ human - level performance on word analogy questions by latent relational analysis ; this paper introduces latent relational analysis ( lra ), a method for measuring relational similarity . lra has potential applications in many areas , including information extraction , word sense disambiguation , machine translation , and information retrieval . relational similarity is correspondence between relations , in contrast with attributional similarity , which is correspondence between attributes . when two words have a hig ←
→ interactive configuration by regular string constraints ; a product configurator which is complete , backtrack free and able to compute the valid domains at any state of the configuration can be constructed by building a binary decision diagram ( bdd ). despite the fact that the size of the bdd is exponential in the number of variables in the worst case , bdds have proved to work very well in practice . current bdd - based techniques can only handle interactive configuration with small finite domains . in this pape ←
→ advances in artificial intelligence : are you sure , we are on the right track ? ; over the past decade , ai has made a remarkable progress . it is agreed that this is due to the recently revived deep learning technology . deep learning enables to process large amounts of data using simplified neuron networks that simulate the way in which the brain works . however , there is a different point of view , which posits that the brain is processing information , not data . this unresolved duality hampered ai progress fo ←
→ accuracy measures for the comparison of classifiers ; the selection of the best classification algorithm for a given dataset is a very widespread problem . it is also a complex one , in the sense it requires to make several important methodological choices . among them , in this work we focus on the measure used to assess the classification performance and rank the algorithms . we present the most popular measures and discuss their properties . despite the numerous measures proposed over the years , many of them t ←
→ native language identification on text and speech ; this paper presents an ensemble system combining the output of multiple svm classifiers to native language identification ( nli ). the system was submitted to the nli shared task 2017 fusion track which featured students essays and spoken responses in form of audio transcriptions and ivectors by non - native english speakers of eleven native languages . our system competed in the challenge under the team name zcd and was based on an ensemble of svm classifiers ←
→ correlated non - parametric latent feature models ; we are often interested in explaining data through a set of hidden factors or features . when the number of hidden features is unknown , the indian buffet process ( ibp ) is a nonparametric latent feature model that does not bound the number of active features in dataset . however , the ibp assumes that all latent features are uncorrelated , making it inadequate for many realworld problems . we introduce a framework for correlated nonparametric feature models , gener ←
→ follow the compressed leader : faster online learning of eigenvectors and faster mmwu ; the online problem of computing the top eigenvector is fundamental to machine learning . in both adversarial and stochastic settings , previous results ( such as matrix multiplicative weight update , follow the regularized leader , follow the compressed leader , block power method ) either achieve optimal regret but run slow , or run fast at the expense of loosing a $\ sqrt { d }$ factor in total regret where $ d $ is the matrix dime ←
→ ecoc - based training of neural networks for face recognition ; error correcting output codes , ecoc , is an output representation method capable of discovering some of the errors produced in classification tasks . this paper describes the application of ecoc to the training of feed forward neural networks , ffnn , for improving the overall accuracy of classification systems . indeed , to improve the generalization of ffnn classifiers , this paper proposes an ecoc - based training method for neural networks that use ec ←
→ using robust pca to estimate regional characteristics of language use from geo - tagged twitter messages ; principal component analysis ( pca ) and related techniques have been successfully employed in natural language processing . text mining applications in the age of the online social media ( osm ) face new challenges due to properties specific to these use cases ( e . g . spelling issues specific to texts posted by users , the presence of spammers and bots , service announcements , etc .). in this paper , we employ a ←
→ one - dimensional vector based pattern matching ; template matching is a basic method in image analysis to extract useful information from images . in this paper , we suggest a new method for pattern matching . our method transform the template image from two dimensional image into one dimensional vector . also all sub - windows ( same size of template ) in the reference image will transform into one dimensional vectors . the three similarity measures sad , ssd , and euclidean are used to compute the likeness between te ←
→ declarative representation of revision strategies ; in this paper we introduce a nonmonotonic framework for belief revision in which reasoning about the reliability of different pieces of information based on meta - knowledge about the information is possible , and where revision strategies can be described declaratively . the approach is based on a poole - style system for default reasoning in which entrenchment information is represented in the logical language . a notion of inference based on the least fixed po ←
→ which spatial partition trees are adaptive to intrinsic dimension ? ; recent theory work has found that a special type of spatial partition tree - called a random projection tree - is adaptive to the intrinsic dimension of the data from which it is built . here we examine this same question , with a combination of theory and experiments , for a broader class of trees that includes k - d trees , dyadic trees , and pca trees . our motivation is to get a feel for ( i ) the kind of intrinsic low dimensional structure that ←
→ feature sensitive label fusion with random walker for atlas - based image segmentation ; in this paper , a novel label fusion method is proposed for brain magnetic resonance image segmentation . this label fusion method is formulated on a graph , which embraces both label priors from atlases and anatomical priors from target image . to represent a pixel in a comprehensive way , three kinds of feature vectors are generated , including intensity , gradient and structural signature . to select candidate atlas nodes fo ←
→ dynamic boltzmann machines for second order moments and generalized gaussian distributions ; dynamic boltzmann machine ( dybm ) has been shown highly efficient to predict time - series data . gaussian dybm is a dybm that assumes the predicted data is generated by a gaussian distribution whose first - order moment ( mean ) dynamically changes over time but its second - order moment ( variance ) is fixed . however , in many financial applications , the assumption is quite limiting in two aspects . first , even when the data ←
→ influence of resampling on accuracy of imbalanced classification ; in many real - world binary classification tasks ( e . g . detection of certain objects from images ), an available dataset is imbalanced , i . e ., it has much less representatives of a one class ( a minor class ), than of another . generally , accurate prediction of the minor class is crucial but it ' s hard to achieve since there is not much information about the minor class . one approach to deal with this problem is to preliminarily resample the dataset ,←
→ sketching meets random projection in the dual : a provable recovery algorithm for big and high - dimensional data ; sketching techniques have become popular for scaling up machine learning algorithms by reducing the sample size or dimensionality of massive data sets , while still maintaining the statistical power of big data . in this paper , we study sketching from an optimization point of view : we first show that the iterative hessian sketch is an optimization process with preconditioning , and develop acceler ←
→ bayesian probabilistic matrix factorization : a user frequency analysis ; matrix factorization ( mf ) has become a common approach to collaborative filtering , due to ease of implementation and scalability to large data sets . two existing drawbacks of the basic model is that it does not incorporate side information on either users or items , and assumes a common variance for all users . we extend the work of constrained probabilistic matrix factorization by deriving the gibbs updates for the side feature vectors ←
→ a two - point method for ptz camera calibration in sports ; calibrating narrow field of view soccer cameras is challenging because there are very few field markings in the image . unlike previous solutions , we propose a two - point method , which requires only two point correspondences given the prior knowledge of base location and orientation of a pan - tilt - zoom ( ptz ) camera . we deploy this new calibration method to annotate pan - tilt - zoom data from soccer videos . the collected data are used as references for new ←
→ a tractable inference algorithm for diagnosing multiple diseases ; we examine a probabilistic model for the diagnosis of multiple diseases . in the model , diseases and findings are represented as binary variables . also , diseases are marginally independent , features are conditionally independent given disease instances , and diseases interact to produce findings via a noisy or - gate . an algorithm for computing the posterior probability of each disease , given a set of observed findings , called quickscore , is pre ←
→ sample efficient feature selection for factored mdps ; in reinforcement learning , the state of the real world is often represented by feature vectors . however , not all of the features may be pertinent for solving the current task . we propose feature selection explore and exploit ( fs - ee ), an algorithm that automatically selects the necessary features while learning a factored markov decision process , and prove that under mild assumptions , its sample complexity scales with the in - degree of the dynamics of jus ←
→ closed curves and elementary visual object identification ; for two closed curves on a plane ( discrete version ) and local criteria for similarity of points on the curves one gets a potential , which describes the similarity between curve points . this is the base for a global similarity measure of closed curves ( fr \' echet distance ). i use borderlines of handwritten digits to demonstrate an area of application . i imagine , measuring the similarity of closed curves is an essential and elementary task performed b ←
→ segmentation of nearly isotropic overlapped tracks in photomicrographs using successive erosions as watershed markers ; the major challenges of automatic track counting are distinguishing tracks and material defects , identifying small tracks and defects of similar size , and detecting overlapping tracks . here we address the latter issue using wusem , an algorithm which combines the watershed transform , morphological erosions and labeling to separate regions in photomicrographs . wusem shows reliable results ←
→ dual - space analysis of the sparse linear model ; sparse linear ( or generalized linear ) models combine a standard likelihood function with a sparse prior on the unknown coefficients . these priors can conveniently be expressed as a maximization over zero - mean gaussians with different variance hyperparameters . standard map estimation ( type i ) involves maximizing over both the hyperparameters and coefficients , while an empirical bayesian alternative ( type ii ) first marginalizes the coefficients and then maximiz ←
→ apprenticeship learning using inverse reinforcement learning and gradient methods ; in this paper we propose a novel gradient algorithm to learn a policy from an expert ' s observed behavior assuming that the expert behaves optimally with respect to some unknown reward function of a markovian decision problem . the algorithm ' s aim is to find a reward function such that the resulting optimal policy matches well the expert ' s observed behavior . the main difficulty is that the mapping from the parameters to poli ←
→ high - quality face image sr using conditional generative adversarial networks ; we propose a novel single face image super - resolution method , which named face conditional generative adversarial network ( fcgan ), based on boundary equilibrium generative adversarial networks . without taking any facial prior information , our method can generate a high - resolution face image from a low - resolution one . compared with existing studies , both our training and testing phases are end - to - end pipeline with little pre / post ←
→ clustering time - series energy data from smart meters ; investigations have been performed into using clustering methods in data mining time - series data from smart meters . the problem is to identify patterns and trends in energy usage profiles of commercial and industrial customers over 24 - hour periods , and group similar profiles . we tested our method on energy usage data provided by several u . s . power utilities . the results show accurate grouping of accounts similar in their energy usage patterns , and poten ←
→ on the complexity of binary samples ; consider a class $\ mh $ of binary functions $ h : x \ to \{- 1 , + 1 \}$ on a finite interval $ x =[ 0 , b ]\ subset \ real $. define the {\ em sample width } of $ h $ on a finite subset ( a sample ) $ s \ subset x $ as $\ w_s ( h ) \ equiv \ min_ { x \ in s } |\ w_h ( x )|$, where $\ w_h ( x ) = h ( x ) \ max \{ a \ geq 0 : h ( z )= h ( x ), x - a \ leq z \ leq x + a \}$. let $\ mathbb { s } _ \ ell $ be the space of all samples in $ x $ of cardinality $\ ell $ and consider sets of wide samples , i . e ., {\ em hypersets } which are defined as $ a_ {\ beta , h }←
→ srefi : synthesis of realistic example face images ; in this paper , we propose a novel face synthesis approach that can generate an arbitrarily large number of synthetic images of both real and synthetic identities . thus a face image dataset can be expanded in terms of the number of identities represented and the number of images per identity using this approach , without the identity - labeling and privacy complications that come from downloading images from the web . to measure the visual fidelity and uniquene ←
→ automatic detection of moving objects in video surveillance ; this work is in the field of video surveillance including motion detection . the video surveillance is one of essential techniques for automatic video analysis to extract crucial information or relevant scenes in video surveillance systems . the aim of our work is to propose solutions for the automatic detection of moving objects in real time with a surveillance camera . the detected objects are objects that have some geometric shape ( circle , ellips ←
→ obdd - based universal planning for synchronized agents in non - deterministic domains ; recently model checking representation and search techniques were shown to be efficiently applicable to planning , in particular to non - deterministic planning . such planning approaches use ordered binary decision diagrams ( obdds ) to encode a planning domain as a non - deterministic finite automaton and then apply fast algorithms from model checking to search for a solution . obdds can effectively scale and can provide univers ←
→ generalized belief propagation on tree robust structured region graphs ; this paper provides some new guidance in the construction of region graphs for generalized belief propagation ( gbp ). we connect the problem of choosing the outer regions of a loopstructured region graph ( srg ) to that of finding a fundamental cycle basis of the corresponding markov network . we also define a new class of tree - robust loop - srg for which gbp on any induced ( spanning ) tree of the markov network , obtained by setting to zero t ←
→$ ρ $- hot lexicon embedding - based two - level lstm for sentiment analysis ; sentiment analysis is a key component in various text mining applications . numerous sentiment classification techniques , including conventional and deep learning - based methods , have been proposed in the literature . in most existing methods , a high - quality training set is assumed to be given . nevertheless , constructing a high - quality training set that consists of highly accurate labels is challenging in real applications . this difficulty ←
→ multi - focus image fusion using vol and eol in dct domain ; the purpose of multi - focus image fusion is gathering the essential information and the focused parts from the input multi - focus images into a single image . these multi - focused images are captured with different depths of focus of cameras . multi - focus image fusion is very time - saving and appropriate in discrete cosine transform ( dct ) domain , especially when jpeg images are used in visual sensor networks ( vsn ). the previous works in dct domain have so ←
→ skeleton key : image captioning by skeleton - attribute decomposition ; recently , there has been a lot of interest in automatically generating descriptions for an image . most existing language - model based approaches for this task learn to generate an image description word by word in its original word order . however , for humans , it is more natural to locate the objects and their relationships first , and then elaborate on each object , describing notable attributes . we present a coarse - to - fine method that decomp ←
→ large - scale machine learning for metagenomics sequence classification ; metagenomics characterizes the taxonomic diversity of microbial communities by sequencing dna directly from an environmental sample . one of the main challenges in metagenomics data analysis is the binning step , where each sequenced read is assigned to a taxonomic clade . due to the large volume of metagenomics datasets , binning methods need fast and accurate algorithms that can operate with reasonable computing requirements . while standa ←
→ improving max - sum through decimation to solve loopy distributed constraint optimization problems ; in the context of solving large distributed constraint optimization problems ( dcop ), belief - propagation and approximate inference algorithms are candidates of choice . however , in general , when the factor graph is very loopy ( i . e . cyclic ), these solution methods suffer from bad performance , due to non - convergence and many exchanged messages . as to improve performances of the max - sum inference algorithm when s ←
→ an analysis of a random algorithm for estimating all the matchings ; counting the number of all the matchings on a bipartite graph has been transformed into calculating the permanent of a matrix obtained from the extended bipartite graph by yan huo , and rasmussen presents a simple approach ( rm ) to approximate the permanent , which just yields a critical ratio o ($ n \ omega ( n )$) for almost all the 0 - 1 matrices , provided it ' s a simple promising practical way to compute this # p - complete problem . in this paper , the ←
→ multiple target tracking by learning feature representation and distance metric jointly ; designing a robust affinity model is the key issue in multiple target tracking ( mtt ). this paper proposes a novel affinity model by learning feature representation and distance metric jointly in a unified deep architecture . specifically , we design a cnn network to obtain appearance cue tailored towards person re - id , and an lstm network for motion cue to predict target position , respectively . both cues are combined wi ←
→ a new bengali readability score ; in this paper we have proposed methods to analyze the readability of bengali language texts . we have got some exceptionally good results out of the experiments .←
→ color aesthetics and social networks in complete tang poems : explorations and discoveries ; the complete tang poems ( ctp ) is the most important source to study tang poems . we look into ctp with computational tools from specific linguistic perspectives , including distributional semantics and collocational analysis . from such quantitative viewpoints , we compare the usage of " wind " and " moon " in the poems of li bai and du fu . colors in poems function like sounds in movies , and play a crucial role in the imag ←
→ direct prediction of 3d body poses from motion compensated sequences ; we propose an efficient approach to exploiting motion information from consecutive frames of a video sequence to recover the 3d pose of people . previous approaches typically compute candidate poses in individual frames and then link them in a post - processing step to resolve ambiguities . by contrast , we directly regress from a spatio - temporal volume of bounding boxes to a 3d pose in the central frame . we further show that , for this appr ←
→ combinatorial multi - objective multi - armed bandit problem ; in this paper , we introduce the combinatorial multi - objective multi - armed bandit ( como - mab ) problem that captures the challenges of combinatorial and multi - objective online learning simultaneously . in this setting , the goal of the learner is to choose an action at each time , whose reward vector is a linear combination of the reward vectors of the arms in the action , to learn the set of super pareto optimal actions , which includes the pareto optimal ←
→ minmax radon barcodes for medical image retrieval ; content - based medical image retrieval can support diagnostic decisions by clinical experts . examining similar images may provide clues to the expert to remove uncertainties in his / her final diagnosis . beyond conventional feature descriptors , binary features in different ways have been recently proposed to encode the image content . a recent proposal is " radon barcodes " that employ binarized radon projections to tag / annotate medical images with content - based ←
→ solving factored mdps with hybrid state and action variables ; efficient representations and solutions for large decision problems with continuous and discrete variables are among the most important challenges faced by the designers of automated decision support systems . in this paper , we describe a novel hybrid factored markov decision process ( mdp ) model that allows for a compact representation of these problems , and a new hybrid approximate linear programming ( halp ) framework that permits their efficient ←
→ multi - atlas segmentation of biomedical images : a survey ; multi - atlas segmentation ( mas ), first introduced and popularized by the pioneering work of rohlfing , brandt , menzel and maurer jr ( 2004 ), klein , mensh , ghosh , tourville and hirsch ( 2005 ), and heckemann , hajnal , aljabar , rueckert and hammers ( 2006 ), is becoming one of the most widely - used and successful image segmentation techniques in biomedical applications . by manipulating and utilizing the entire dataset of " atlases " ( training images that have bee ←
→ character - based joint segmentation and pos tagging for chinese using bidirectional rnn - crf ; we present a character - based model for joint segmentation and pos tagging for chinese . the bidirectional rnn - crf architecture for general sequence tagging is adapted and applied with novel vector representations of chinese characters that capture rich contextual information and lower - than - character level features . the proposed model is extensively evaluated and compared with a state - of - the - art tagger respectively ←
→ fuzzy and multilayer perceptron for evaluation of hv bushings ; the work proposes the application of fuzzy set theory ( fst ) to diagnose the condition of high voltage bushings . the diagnosis uses dissolved gas analysis ( dga ) data from bushings based on iec60599 and ieee c57 - 104 criteria for oil impregnated paper ( oip ) bushings . fst and neural networks are compared in terms of accuracy and computational efficiency . both fst and nn simulations were able to diagnose the bushings condition with 10 % error . by usi ←
→ unsupervised learning of noisy - or bayesian networks ; this paper considers the problem of learning the parameters in bayesian networks of discrete variables with known structure and hidden variables . previous approaches in these settings typically use expectation maximization ; when the network has high treewidth , the required expectations might be approximated using monte carlo or variational methods . we show how to avoid inference altogether during learning by giving a polynomial - time algorithm based on th ←
→ learning to score and summarize figure skating sport videos ; this paper focuses on fully understanding the figure skating sport videos . in particular , we present a large - scale figure skating sport video dataset , which include 500 figure skating videos . on average , the length of each video is 2 minute and 50 seconds . each video is annotated by three scores from nine different referees , i . e ., total element score ( tes ), total program component score ( pcs ), and total deductions ( ded ). the players of this dataset ←
→ road detection via on -- line label transfer ; vision - based road detection is an essential functionality for supporting advanced driver assistance systems ( adas ) such as road following and vehicle and pedestrian detection . the major challenges of road detection are dealing with shadows and lighting variations and the presence of other objects in the scene . current road detection algorithms characterize road areas at pixel level and group pixels accordingly . however , these algorithms fail in presence of strong ←
→ cbas : context based arabic stemmer ; arabic morphology encapsulates many valuable features such as word root . arabic roots are being utilized for many tasks ; the process of extracting a word root is referred to as stemming . stemming is an essential part of most natural language processing tasks , especially for derivative languages such as arabic . however , stemming is faced with the problem of ambiguity , where two or more roots could be extracted from the same word . on the other hand , distributional semantic ←
→ an analysis of unsupervised pre - training in light of recent advances ; convolutional neural networks perform well on object recognition because of a number of recent advances : rectified linear units ( relus ), data augmentation , dropout , and large labelled datasets . unsupervised data has been proposed as another way to improve performance . unfortunately , unsupervised pre - training is not used by state - of - the - art methods leading to the following question : is unsupervised pre - training still useful given recent a ←
→ multi - person pose estimation with local joint - to - person associations ; despite of the recent success of neural networks for human pose estimation , current approaches are limited to pose estimation of a single person and cannot handle humans in groups or crowds . in this work , we propose a method that estimates the poses of multiple persons in an image in which a person can be occluded by another person or might be truncated . to this end , we consider multi - person pose estimation as a joint - to - person associati ←
→ a visual entity - relationship model for constraint - based university timetabling ; university timetabling ( utt ) is a complex problem due to its combinatorial nature but also the type of constraints involved . the holy grail of ( constraint ) programming : " the user states the problem the program solves it " remains a challenge since solution quality is tightly coupled with deriving " effective models ", best handled by technology experts . in this paper , focusing on the field of university timetabling , we introduce ←
→ possible mechanisms for neural reconfigurability and their implications ; the paper introduces a biologically and evolutionarily plausible neural architecture that allows a single group of neurons , or an entire cortical pathway , to be dynamically reconfigured to perform multiple , potentially very different computations . the paper shows that reconfigurability can account for the observed stochastic and distributed coding behavior of neurons and provides a parsimonious explanation for timing phenomena in psyc ←
→ using tree - decomposable structures to approximate belief networks ; tree structures have been shown to provide an efficient framework for propagating beliefs [ pearl , 1986 ]. this paper studies the problem of finding an optimal approximating tree . the star decomposition scheme for sets of three binary variables [ lazarsfeld , 1966 ; pearl , 1986 ] is shown to enhance the class of probability distributions that can support tree structures ; such structures are called tree - decomposable structures . the logarithm scoring ←
→ first step toward model - free , anonymous object tracking with recurrent neural networks ; in this paper , we propose and study a novel visual object tracking approach based on convolutional networks and recurrent networks . the proposed approach is distinct from the existing approaches to visual object tracking , such as filtering - based ones and tracking - by - detection ones , in the sense that the tracking system is explicitly trained off - line to track anonymous objects in a noisy environment . the proposed visua ←
→ neural conditional gradients ; the move from hand - designed to learned optimizers in machine learning has been quite successful for gradient - based and - free optimizers . when facing a constrained problem , however , maintaining feasibility typically requires a projection step , which might be computationally expensive and not differentiable . we show how the design of projection - free convex optimization algorithms can be cast as a learning problem based on frank - wolfe networks : recurrent networks implementing the ←
→ lost and found : detecting small road hazards for self - driving vehicles ; detecting small obstacles on the road ahead is a critical part of the driving task which has to be mastered by fully autonomous cars . in this paper , we present a method based on stereo vision to reliably detect such obstacles from a moving vehicle . the proposed algorithm performs statistical hypothesis tests in disparity space directly on stereo image data , assessing freespace and obstacle hypotheses on independent local patches . this ←
→ how to evaluate the quality of unsupervised anomaly detection algorithms ? ; when sufficient labeled data are available , classical criteria based on receiver operating characteristic ( roc ) or precision - recall ( pr ) curves can be used to compare the performance of un - supervised anomaly detection algorithms . however , in many situations , few or no data are labeled . this calls for alternative criteria one can compute on non - labeled data . in this paper , two criteria that do not require labels are empirically sh ←
→ testing hypotheses by regularized maximum mean discrepancy ; do two data samples come from different distributions ? recent studies of this fundamental problem focused on embedding probability distributions into sufficiently rich characteristic reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ( rkhss ), to compare distributions by the distance between their embeddings . we show that regularized maximum mean discrepancy ( rmmd ), our novel measure for kernel - based hypothesis testing , yields substantial improvements even when sam ←
→ mobile big data analytics using deep learning and apache spark ; the proliferation of mobile devices , such as smartphones and internet of things ( iot ) gadgets , results in the recent mobile big data ( mbd ) era . collecting mbd is unprofitable unless suitable analytics and learning methods are utilized for extracting meaningful information and hidden patterns from data . this article presents an overview and brief tutorial of deep learning in mbd analytics and discusses a scalable learning framework over apache ←
→ gaussian process models for hrtf based sound - source localization and active - learning ; from a machine learning perspective , the human ability localize sounds can be modeled as a non - parametric and non - linear regression problem between binaural spectral features of sound received at the ears ( input ) and their sound - source directions ( output ). the input features can be summarized in terms of the individual ' s head - related transfer functions ( hrtfs ) which measure the spectral response between the listener ' s e ←
→ online and distributed robust regressions under adversarial data corruption ; in today ' s era of big data , robust least - squares regression becomes a more challenging problem when considering the adversarial corruption along with explosive growth of datasets . traditional robust methods can handle the noise but suffer from several challenges when applied in huge dataset including 1 ) computational infeasibility of handling an entire dataset at once , 2 ) existence of heterogeneously distributed corruption , and ←
→ towards optimal learning of chain graphs ; in this paper , we extend meek ' s conjecture ( meek 1997 ) from directed and acyclic graphs to chain graphs , and prove that the extended conjecture is true . specifically , we prove that if a chain graph h is an independence map of the independence model induced by another chain graph g , then ( i ) g can be transformed into h by a sequence of directed and undirected edge additions and feasible splits and mergings , and ( ii ) after each operation in the sequence h remains an ←
→ the evolution of first person vision methods : a survey ; the emergence of new wearable technologies such as action cameras and smart - glasses has increased the interest of computer vision scientists in the first person perspective . nowadays , this field is attracting attention and investments of companies aiming to develop commercial devices with first person vision recording capabilities . due to this interest , an increasing demand of methods to process these videos , possibly in real - time , is expected . curren ←
→ a probabilistic data - driven model for planar pushing ; this paper presents a data - driven approach to model planar pushing interaction to predict both the most likely outcome of a push and its expected variability . the learned models rely on a variation of gaussian processes with input - dependent noise called variational heteroscedastic gaussian processes ( vhgp ) that capture the mean and variance of a stochastic function . we show that we can learn accurate models that outperform analytical models after less t ←
→ a study on using uncertain time series matching algorithms in mapreduce applications ; in this paper , we study cpu utilization time patterns of several map - reduce applications . after extracting running patterns of several applications , the patterns with their statistical information are saved in a reference database to be later used to tweak system parameters to efficiently execute unknown applications in future . to achieve this goal , cpu utilization patterns of new applications along with its statistical ←
→ wasserstein auto - encoders ; we propose the wasserstein auto - encoder ( wae )--- a new algorithm for building a generative model of the data distribution . wae minimizes a penalized form of the wasserstein distance between the model distribution and the target distribution , which leads to a different regularizer than the one used by the variational auto - encoder ( vae ). this regularizer encourages the encoded training distribution to match the prior . we compare our algorithm with several other techniques and show t ←
→ mechanics automatically recognized via interactive observation : jumping ; jumping has been an important mechanic since its introduction in donkey kong . it has taken a variety of forms and shown up in numerous games , with each jump having a different feel . in this paper , we use a modified nintendo entertainment system ( nes ) emulator to semi - automatically run experiments on a large subset ( 30 %) of nes platform games . we use these experiments to build models of jumps from different developers , series , and game ←
→ machine learning on sequential data using a recurrent weighted average ; recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) are a type of statistical model designed to handle sequential data . the model reads a sequence one symbol at a time . each symbol is processed based on information collected from the previous symbols . with existing rnn architectures , each symbol is processed using only information from the previous processing step . to overcome this limitation , we propose a new kind of rnn model that computes a recurrent w ←
→ on constrained spectral clustering and its applications ; constrained clustering has been well - studied for algorithms such as $ k $- means and hierarchical clustering . however , how to satisfy many constraints in these algorithmic settings has been shown to be intractable . one alternative to encode many constraints is to use spectral clustering , which remains a developing area . in this paper , we propose a flexible framework for constrained spectral clustering . in contrast to some previous efforts that implicitl ←
→ minimum cost homomorphisms to proper interval graphs and bigraphs ; for graphs $ g $ and $ h $, a mapping $ f : v ( g )\ dom v ( h )$ is a homomorphism of $ g $ to $ h $ if $ uv \ in e ( g )$ implies $ f ( u ) f ( v )\ in e ( h ).$ if , moreover , each vertex $ u \ in v ( g )$ is associated with costs $ c_i ( u ), i \ in v ( h )$, then the cost of the homomorphism $ f $ is $\ sum_ { u \ in v ( g )} c_ { f ( u )}( u )$. for each fixed graph $ h $, we have the {\ em minimum cost homomorphism problem }, written as minhom ($ h )$. the problem is to decide , for an input graph $ g $ with ←
→ virtual - to - real deep reinforcement learning : continuous control of mobile robots for mapless navigation ; we present a learning - based mapless motion planner by taking the sparse 10 - dimensional range findings and the target position with respect to the mobile robot coordinate frame as input and the continuous steering commands as output . traditional motion planners for mobile ground robots with a laser range sensor mostly depend on the obstacle map of the navigation environment where both the highly precis ←
→ pruning filters for efficient convnets ; the success of cnns in various applications is accompanied by a significant increase in the computation and parameter storage costs . recent efforts toward reducing these overheads involve pruning and compressing the weights of various layers without hurting original accuracy . however , magnitude - based pruning of weights reduces a significant number of parameters from the fully connected layers and may not adequately reduce the computation costs in the convolutional la ←
→ semi - automatic construction of a domain ontology for wind energy using wikipedia articles ; domain ontologies are important information sources for knowledge - based systems . yet , building domain ontologies from scratch is known to be a very labor - intensive process . in this study , we present our semi - automatic approach to building an ontology for the domain of wind energy which is an important type of renewable energy with a growing share in electricity generation all over the world . related wikipedia artic ←
→ a simple loss function for improving the convergence and accuracy of visual question answering models ; visual question answering as recently proposed multimodal learning task has enjoyed wide attention from the deep learning community . lately , the focus was on developing new representation fusion methods and attention mechanisms to achieve superior performance . on the other hand , very little focus has been put on the models ' loss function , arguably one of the most important aspects of training deep learn ←
→ adapting deep network features to capture psychological representations ; deep neural networks have become increasingly successful at solving classic perception problems such as object recognition , semantic segmentation , and scene understanding , often reaching or surpassing human - level accuracy . this success is due in part to the ability of dnns to learn useful representations of high - dimensional inputs , a problem that humans must also solve . we examine the relationship between the representations learned b ←
→ deepradiologynet : radiologist level pathology detection in ct head images ; we describe a system to automatically filter clinically significant findings from computerized tomography ( ct ) head scans , operating at performance levels exceeding that of practicing radiologists . our system , named deepradiologynet , builds on top of deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) trained using approximately 3 . 5 million ct head images gathered from over 24 , 000 studies taken from january 1 , 2015 to august 31 , 2015 and ja ←
→ shaping influence and influencing shaping : a computational red teaming trust - based swarm intelligence model ; sociotechnical systems are complex systems , where nonlinear interaction among different players can obscure causal relationships . the absence of mechanisms to help us understand how to create a change in the system makes it hard to manage these systems . influencing and shaping are social operators acting on sociotechnical systems to design a change . however , the two operators are usually discuss ←
→ learning from past mistakes : improving automatic speech recognition output via noisy - clean phrase context modeling ; automatic speech recognition ( asr ) systems lack joint optimization during decoding over the acoustic , lexical and language models ; for instance the asr will often prune words due to acoustics using short - term context , prior to rescoring with long - term context . in this work we model the automated speech transcription process as a noisy transformation channel and propose an error correction s ←
→ deep linear neural networks with arbitrary loss : all local minima are global ; we consider deep linear networks with arbitrary differentiable loss . we provide a short and elementary proof of the following fact : all local minima are global minima if each hidden layer is wider than either the input or output layer .←
→ ocr error correction using character correction and feature - based word classification ; this paper explores the use of a learned classifier for post - ocr text correction . experiments with the arabic language show that this approach , which integrates a weighted confusion matrix and a shallow language model , improves the vast majority of segmentation and recognition errors , the most frequent types of error on our dataset .←
→ meta reinforcement learning with latent variable gaussian processes ; data efficiency , i . e ., learning from small data sets , is critical in many practical applications where data collection is time consuming or expensive , e . g ., robotics , animal experiments or drug design . meta learning is one way to increase the data efficiency of learning algorithms by generalizing learned concepts from a set of training tasks to unseen , but related , tasks . often , this relationship between tasks is hard coded or relies in s ←
→ get out the vote : determining support or opposition from congressional floor - debate transcripts ; we investigate whether one can determine from the transcripts of u . s . congressional floor debates whether the speeches represent support of or opposition to proposed legislation . to address this problem , we exploit the fact that these speeches occur as part of a discussion ; this allows us to use sources of information regarding relationships between discourse segments , such as whether a given utterance indica ←
→ robust face recognition via adaptive sparse representation ; sparse representation ( or coding ) based classification ( src ) has gained great success in face recognition in recent years . however , src emphasizes the sparsity too much and overlooks the correlation information which has been demonstrated to be critical in real - world face recognition problems . besides , some work considers the correlation but overlooks the discriminative ability of sparsity . different from these existing techniques , in this paper , ←
→ adversarial generation of training examples : applications to moving vehicle license plate recognition ; generative adversarial networks ( gan ) have attracted much research attention recently , leading to impressive results for natural image generation . however , to date little success was observed in using gan generated images for improving classification tasks . here we attempt to explore , in the context of car license plate recognition , whether it is possible to generate synthetic training data using gan to ←
→ is prioritized sweeping the better episodic control ? ; episodic control has been proposed as a third approach to reinforcement learning , besides model - free and model - based control , by analogy with the three types of human memory . i . e . episodic , procedural and semantic memory . but the theoretical properties of episodic control are not well investigated . here i show that in deterministic tree markov decision processes , episodic control is equivalent to a form of prioritized sweeping in terms of sample efficie ←
→ a hybrid coa $ ε $- constraint method for solving multi - objective problems ; in this paper , a hybrid method for solving multi - objective problem has been provided . the proposed method is combining the {\ epsilon }- constraint and the cuckoo algorithm . first the multi objective problem transfers into a single - objective problem using $\ epsilon $- constraint , then the cuckoo optimization algorithm will optimize the problem in each task . at last the optimized pareto frontier will be drawn . the advantage of this method ←
→ an improved ant colony system for the sequential ordering problem ; it is not rare that the performance of one metaheuristic algorithm can be improved by incorporating ideas taken from another . in this article we present how simulated annealing ( sa ) can be used to improve the efficiency of the ant colony system ( acs ) and enhanced acs when solving the sequential ordering problem ( sop ). moreover , we show how the very same ideas can be applied to improve the convergence of a dedicated local search , i . e . the so ←
→ perceptual compressive sensing ; this paper proposes perceptual compressive sensing . the network is composed of a fully convolutional measurement and reconstruction network . for the following contributions , the proposed framework is a breakthrough work . firstly , the fully - convolutional network measures the full image which preserves structure information of the image and removes the block effect . secondly , with the employment of perceptual loss , we no longer concentrate on the euclidean distance of reconstr ←
→ deep learning scaling is predictable , empirically ; deep learning ( dl ) creates impactful advances following a virtuous recipe : model architecture search , creating large training data sets , and scaling computation . it is widely believed that growing training sets and models should improve accuracy and result in better products . as dl application domains grow , we would like a deeper understanding of the relationships between training set size , computational scale , and model accuracy improvements to advance th ←
→ byte - based language identification with deep convolutional networks ; we report on our system for the shared task on discriminating between similar languages ( dsl 2016 ). the system uses only byte representations in a deep residual network ( resnet ). the system , named resident , is trained only on the data released with the task ( closed training ). we obtain 84 . 88 % accuracy on subtask a , 68 . 80 % accuracy on subtask b1 , and 69 . 80 % accuracy on subtask b2 . a large difference in accuracy on development data can be o ←
→ early start intention detection of cyclists using motion history images and a deep residual network ; in this article , we present a novel approach to detect starting motions of cyclists in real world traffic scenarios based on motion history images ( mhis ). the method uses a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) with a residual network architecture ( resnet ), which is commonly used in image classification and detection tasks . by combining mhis with a resnet classifier and performing a frame by frame class ←
→ refinement modal logic ; in this paper we present {\ em refinement modal logic }. a refinement is like a bisimulation , except that from the three relational requirements only ` atoms ' and ` back ' need to be satisfied . our logic contains a new operator ' all ' in addition to the standard modalities ' box ' for each agent . the operator ' all ' acts as a quantifier over the set of all refinements of a given model . as a variation on a bisimulation quantifier , this refinement operator or refinement quantifier ' all ' can be ←
→ 3d face reconstruction with geometry details from a single image ; 3d face reconstruction from a single image is a classical and challenging problem , with wide applications in many areas . inspired by recent works in face animation from rgb - d or monocular video inputs , we develop a novel method for reconstructing 3d faces from unconstrained 2d images , using a coarse - to - fine optimization strategy . first , a smooth coarse 3d face is generated from an example - based bilinear face model , by aligning the projection ←
→ large - scale point cloud semantic segmentation with superpoint graphs ; we propose a novel deep learning - based framework to tackle the challenge of semantic segmentation of large - scale point clouds of millions of points . we argue that the organization of 3d point clouds can be efficiently captured by a structure called superpoint graph ( spg ), derived from a partition of the scanned scene into geometrically homogeneous elements . spgs offer a compact yet rich representation of contextual relationships between ←
→ multi - task learning of pairwise sequence classification tasks over disparate label spaces ; we combine multi - task learning and semi - supervised learning by inducing a joint embedding space between disparate label spaces and learning transfer functions between label embeddings , enabling us to jointly leverage unlabelled data and auxiliary , annotated datasets . we evaluate our approach on a variety of sequence classification tasks with disparate label spaces . we outperform strong single and multi - task baselin ←
→ an introductory study on time series modeling and forecasting ; time series modeling and forecasting has fundamental importance to various practical domains . thus a lot of active research works is going on in this subject during several years . many important models have been proposed in literature for improving the accuracy and effectiveness of time series forecasting . the aim of this dissertation work is to present a concise description of some popular time series forecasting models used in practice , with ←
→ why : natural explanations from a robot navigator ; effective collaboration between a robot and a person requires natural communication . when a robot travels with a human companion , the robot should be able to explain its navigation behavior in natural language . this paper explains how a cognitively - based , autonomous robot navigation system produces informative , intuitive explanations for its decisions . language generation here is based upon the robot ' s commonsense , its qualitative reasoning , and its learned ←
→ advanced lstm : a study about better time dependency modeling in emotion recognition ; long short - term memory ( lstm ) is normally used in recurrent neural network ( rnn ) as basic recurrent unit . however , conventional lstm assumes that the state at current time step depends on previous time step . this assumption constraints the time dependency modeling capability . in this study , we propose a new variation of lstm , advanced lstm ( a - lstm ), for better temporal context modeling . we employ a - lstm in weighted poolin ←
→ counterfactual language model adaptation for suggesting phrases ; mobile devices use language models to suggest words and phrases for use in text entry . traditional language models are based on contextual word frequency in a static corpus of text . however , certain types of phrases , when offered to writers as suggestions , may be systematically chosen more often than their frequency would predict . in this paper , we propose the task of generating suggestions that writers accept , a related but distinct task to ←
→ rotation invariance neural network ; rotation invariance and translation invariance have great values in image recognition tasks . in this paper , we bring a new architecture in convolutional neural network ( cnn ) named cyclic convolutional layer to achieve rotation invariance in 2 - d symbol recognition . we can also get the position and orientation of the 2 - d symbol by the network to achieve detection purpose for multiple non - overlap target . last but not least , this architecture can achieve one - shot learning in ←
→ selective sampling with drift ; recently there has been much work on selective sampling , an online active learning setting , in which algorithms work in rounds . on each round an algorithm receives an input and makes a prediction . then , it can decide whether to query a label , and if so to update its model , otherwise the input is discarded . most of this work is focused on the stationary case , where it is assumed that there is a fixed target model , and the performance of the algorithm is compared to a fixed mod ←
→ lossy image compression with compressive autoencoders ; we propose a new approach to the problem of optimizing autoencoders for lossy image compression . new media formats , changing hardware technology , as well as diverse requirements and content types create a need for compression algorithms which are more flexible than existing codecs . autoencoders have the potential to address this need , but are difficult to optimize directly due to the inherent non - differentiabilty of the compression loss . we here show t ←
→ verification of generalized inconsistency - aware knowledge and action bases ( extended version ) ; knowledge and action bases ( kabs ) have been put forward as a semantically rich representation of a domain , using a dl kb to account for its static aspects , and actions to evolve its extensional part over time , possibly introducing new objects . recently , kabs have been extended to manage inconsistency , with ad - hoc verification techniques geared towards specific semantics . this work provides a twofold contributio ←
→ change - point detection in time - series data by relative density - ratio estimation ; the objective of change - point detection is to discover abrupt property changes lying behind time - series data . in this paper , we present a novel statistical change - point detection algorithm based on non - parametric divergence estimation between time - series samples from two retrospective segments . our method uses the relative pearson divergence as a divergence measure , and it is accurately and efficiently estimated by a method ←
→ from imitation to prediction , data compression vs recurrent neural networks for natural language processing ; in recent studies [ 1 ][ 13 ][ 12 ] recurrent neural networks were used for generative processes and their surprising performance can be explained by their ability to create good predictions . in addition , data compression is also based on predictions . what the problem comes down to is whether a data compressor could be used to perform as well as recurrent neural networks in natural language processing t ←
→ a pitfall of unsupervised pre - training ; the point of this paper is to question typical assumptions in deep learning and suggest alternatives . a particular contribution is to prove that even if a stacked convolutional auto - encoder is good at reconstructing pictures , it is not necessarily good at discriminating their classes . when using auto - encoders , intuitively one assumes that features which are good for reconstruction will also lead to high classification accuracy . indeed , it became research practice and ←
→ enhancing the input representation : from complexity to simplicity ; we introduce an efficient algorithm for mining informative combinations of attribute - values for a given task . we use informative attribute - values to enhance the input representation of data . we apply our approach to coreference resolution using a simple set of attributes like syntactic roles and string match . with the enhanced representation , a simple coreference model outperforms more complex state - of - the - art models by a large margin . the ←
→ hand - held video deblurring via efficient fourier aggregation ; videos captured with hand - held cameras often suffer from a significant amount of blur , mainly caused by the inevitable natural tremor of the photographer ' s hand . in this work , we present an algorithm that removes blur due to camera shake by combining information in the fourier domain from nearby frames in a video . the dynamic nature of typical videos with the presence of multiple moving objects and occlusions makes this problem of camera shake r ←
→ experiments with three approaches to recognizing lexical entailment ; inference in natural language often involves recognizing lexical entailment ( rle ); that is , identifying whether one word entails another . for example , " buy " entails " own ". two general strategies for rle have been proposed : one strategy is to manually construct an asymmetric similarity measure for context vectors ( directional similarity ) and another is to treat rle as a problem of learning to recognize semantic relations using supervised m ←
→ improving collaborative filtering based recommenders using topic modelling ; standard collaborative filtering ( cf ) algorithms make use of interactions between users and items in the form of implicit or explicit ratings alone for generating recommendations . similarity among users or items is calculated purely based on rating overlap in this case , without considering explicit properties of users or items involved , limiting their applicability in domains with very sparse rating spaces . in many domains such as ←
→ syntactic analysis by local grammars automata : an efficient algorithm ; local grammars can be represented in a very convenient way by automata . this paper describes and illustrates an efficient algorithm for the application of local grammars put in this form to lemmatized texts .←
→ proof nets for the lambek - grishin calculus ; grishin ' s generalization of lambek ' s syntactic calculus combines a non - commutative multiplicative conjunction and its residuals ( product , left and right division ) with a dual family : multiplicative disjunction , right and left difference . interaction between these two families takes the form of linear distributivity principles . we study proof nets for the lambek - grishin calculus and the correspondence between these nets and unfocused and focused versions of its se ←
→ subgraph matching kernels for attributed graphs ; we propose graph kernels based on subgraph matchings , i . e . structure - preserving bijections between subgraphs . while recently proposed kernels based on common subgraphs ( wale et al ., 2008 ; shervashidze et al ., 2009 ) in general can not be applied to attributed graphs , our approach allows to rate mappings of subgraphs by a flexible scoring scheme comparing vertex and edge attributes by kernels . we show that subgraph matching kernels generalize several known ker ←
→ splitting an operator : algebraic modularity results for logics with fixpoint semantics ; it is well known that , under certain conditions , it is possible to split logic programs under stable model semantics , i . e . to divide such a program into a number of different " levels ", such that the models of the entire program can be constructed by incrementally constructing models for each level . similar results exist for other non - monotonic formalisms , such as auto - epistemic logic and default logic . in this work , w ←
→ online categorical subspace learning for sketching big data with misses ; with the scale of data growing every day , reducing the dimensionality ( a . k . a . sketching ) of high - dimensional data has emerged as a task of paramount importance . relevant issues to address in this context include the sheer volume of data that may consist of categorical samples , the typically streaming format of acquisition , and the possibly missing entries . to cope with these challenges , the present paper develops a novel categorical s ←
→ a new sampling technique for tensors ; in this paper we propose new techniques to sample arbitrary third - order tensors , with an objective of speeding up tensor algorithms that have recently gained popularity in machine learning . our main contribution is a new way to select , in a biased random way , only $ o ( n ^{ 1 . 5 }/\ epsilon ^ 2 )$ of the possible $ n ^ 3 $ elements while still achieving each of the three goals : \\ {\ em ( a ) tensor sparsification }: for a tensor that has to be formed from arbitrary samples , compute ver ←
→ drug response prediction by inferring pathway - response associations with kernelized bayesian matrix factorization ; a key goal of computational personalized medicine is to systematically utilize genomic and other molecular features of samples to predict drug responses for a previously unseen sample . such predictions are valuable for developing hypotheses for selecting therapies tailored for individual patients . this is especially valuable in oncology , where molecular and genetic heterogeneity of the cells ←
→ disease prediction based on functional connectomes using a scalable and spatially - informed support vector machine ; substantial evidence indicates that major psychiatric disorders are associated with distributed neural dysconnectivity , leading to strong interest in using neuroimaging methods to accurately predict disorder status . in this work , we are specifically interested in a multivariate approach that uses features derived from whole - brain resting state functional connectomes . however , functional conn ←
→ active learning of inverse models with intrinsically motivated goal exploration in robots ; we introduce the self - adaptive goal generation - robust intelligent adaptive curiosity ( sagg - riac ) architecture as an intrinsi - cally motivated goal exploration mechanism which allows active learning of inverse models in high - dimensional redundant robots . this allows a robot to efficiently and actively learn distributions of parameterized motor skills / policies that solve a corresponding distribution of parameterize ←
→ controlling decoding for more abstractive summaries with copy - based networks ; attention - based neural abstractive summarization systems equipped with copy mechanisms have shown promising results . despite this success , it has been noticed that such a system generates a summary by mostly , if not entirely , copying over phrases , sentences , and sometimes multiple consecutive sentences from an input paragraph , effectively performing extractive summarization . in this paper , we verify this behavior using the late ←
→ learning uncertain convolutional features for accurate saliency detection ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have delivered superior performance in many computer vision tasks . in this paper , we propose a novel deep fully convolutional network model for accurate salient object detection . the key contribution of this work is to learn deep uncertain convolutional features ( ucf ), which encourage the robustness and accuracy of saliency detection . we achieve this via introducing a reformulated dropout ←
→ the zero resource speech challenge 2017 ; we describe a new challenge aimed at discovering subword and word units from raw speech . this challenge is the followup to the zero resource speech challenge 2015 . it aims at constructing systems that generalize across languages and adapt to new speakers . the design features and evaluation metrics of the challenge are presented and the results of seventeen models are discussed .←
→ the effect of structural diversity of an ensemble of classifiers on classification accuracy ; this paper aims to showcase the measure of structural diversity of an ensemble of 9 classifiers and then map a relationship between this structural diversity and accuracy . the structural diversity was induced by having different architectures or structures of the classifiers the genetical algorithms ( ga ) were used to derive the relationship between diversity and the classification accuracy by evolving the classif ←
→ individual biases , cultural evolution , and the statistical nature of language universals : the case of colour naming systems ; language universals have long been attributed to an innate universal grammar . an alternative explanation states that linguistic universals emerged independently in every language in response to shared cognitive or perceptual biases . a computational model has recently shown how this could be the case , focusing on the paradigmatic example of the universal properties of colour naming ←
→ the role of normalization in the belief propagation algorithm ; an important part of problems in statistical physics and computer science can be expressed as the computation of marginal probabilities over a markov random field . the belief propagation algorithm , which is an exact procedure to compute these marginals when the underlying graph is a tree , has gained its popularity as an efficient way to approximate them in the more general case . in this paper , we focus on an aspect of the algorithm that did not ←
→ statistically efficient thinning of a markov chain sampler ; it is common to subsample markov chain output to reduce the storage burden . geyer ( 1992 ) shows that discarding $ k - 1 $ out of every $ k $ observations will not improve statistical efficiency , as quantified through variance in a given computational budget . that observation is often taken to mean that thinning mcmc output cannot improve statistical efficiency . here we suppose that it costs one unit of time to advance a markov chain and then $\ theta > 0 $ u ←
→ sparse radial sampling lbp for writer identification ; in this paper we present the use of sparse radial sampling local binary patterns , a variant of local binary patterns ( lbp ) for text - as - texture classification . by adapting and extending the standard lbp operator to the particularities of text we get a generic text - as - texture classification scheme and apply it to writer identification . in experiments on cvl and icdar 2013 datasets , the proposed feature - set demonstrates state - of - the - art ( soa ) performance . ←
→ learning to succeed while teaching to fail : privacy in closed machine learning systems ; security , privacy , and fairness have become critical in the era of data science and machine learning . more and more we see that achieving universally secure , private , and fair systems is practically impossible . we have seen for example how generative adversarial networks can be used to learn about the expected private training data ; how the exploitation of additional data can reveal private information in the original ←
→ analysis of communication pattern with scammers in enron corpus ; this paper is an exploratory analysis into fraud detection taking enron email corpus as the case study . the paper posits conclusions like strict servitude and unquestionable faith among employees as breeding grounds for sham among higher executives . we also try to infer on the nature of communication between fraudulent employees and between non - fraudulent - fraudulent employees ←
→ machine learning in wireless sensor networks : algorithms , strategies , and applications ; wireless sensor networks monitor dynamic environments that change rapidly over time . this dynamic behavior is either caused by external factors or initiated by the system designers themselves . to adapt to such conditions , sensor networks often adopt machine learning techniques to eliminate the need for unnecessary redesign . machine learning also inspires many practical solutions that maximize resource utilization and ←
→ predicting slice - to - volume transformation in presence of arbitrary subject motion ; this paper aims to solve a fundamental problem in intensity - based 2d / 3d registration , which concerns the limited capture range and need for very good initialization of state - of - the - art image registration methods . we propose a regression approach that learns to predict rotation and translations of arbitrary 2d image slices from 3d volumes , with respect to a learned canonical atlas co - ordinate system . to this end , we utilize ←
→ quantitative parametrization of texts written by ivan franko : an attempt of the project ; in the article , the project of quantitative parametrization of all texts by ivan franko is manifested . it can be made only by using modern computer techniques after the frequency dictionaries for all franko ' s works are compiled . the paper describes the application spheres , methodology , stages , principles and peculiarities in the compilation of the frequency dictionary of the second half of the 19th century - the begi ←
→ scale normalization ; one of the difficulties of training deep neural networks is caused by improper scaling between layers . scaling issues introduce exploding / gradient problems , and have typically been addressed by careful scale - preserving initialization . we investigate the value of preserving scale , or isometry , beyond the initial weights . we propose two methods of maintaing isometry , one exact and one stochastic . preliminary experiments show that for both determinant and scale - normalization effectively ←
→ linear segmentation and segment significance ; we present a new method for discovering a segmental discourse structure of a document while categorizing segment function . we demonstrate how retrieval of noun phrases and pronominal forms , along with a zero - sum weighting scheme , determines topicalized segmentation . futhermore , we use term distribution to aid in identifying the role that the segment performs in the document . finally , we present results of evaluation in terms of precision and recall which surpas ←
→ a compact architecture for dialogue management based on scripts and meta - outputs ; we describe an architecture for spoken dialogue interfaces to semi - autonomous systems that transforms speech signals through successive representations of linguistic , dialogue , and domain knowledge . each step produces an output , and a meta - output describing the transformation , with an executable program in a simple scripting language as the final result . the output / meta - output distinction permits perspicuous treatment of di ←
→ modification of the elite ant system in order to avoid local optimum points in the traveling salesman problem ; this article presents a new algorithm which is a modified version of the elite ant system ( eas ) algorithm . the new version utilizes an effective criterion for escaping from the local optimum points . in contrast to the classical eac algorithms , the proposed algorithm uses only a global updating , which will increase pheromone on the edges of the best ( i . e . the shortest ) route and will at the same ←
→ greedy algorithms in datalog ; in the design of algorithms , the greedy paradigm provides a powerful tool for solving efficiently classical computational problems , within the framework of procedural languages . however , expressing these algorithms within the declarative framework of logic - based languages has proven a difficult research challenge . in this paper , we extend the framework of datalog - like languages to obtain simple declarative formulations for such problems , and propose effective implementation te ←
→ comparative study of instance based learning and back propagation for classification problems ; the paper presents a comparative study of the performance of back propagation and instance based learning algorithm for classification tasks . the study is carried out by a series of experiments will all possible combinations of parameter values for the algorithms under evaluation . the algorithm ' s classification accuracy is compared over a range of datasets and measurements like cross validation , kappa statistic ←
→ bounded input bounded predefined control bounded output ; the paper is an attempt to generalize a methodology , which is similar to the bounded - input bounded - output method currently widely used for the system stability studies . the presented earlier methodology allows decomposition of input space into bounded subspaces and defining for each subspace its bounding surface . it also defines a corresponding predefined control , which maps any point of a bounded input into a desired bounded output subspace . this me ←
→ optimal low - rank tensor recovery from separable measurements : four contractions suffice ; tensors play a central role in many modern machine learning and signal processing applications . in such applications , the target tensor is usually of low rank , i . e ., can be expressed as a sum of a small number of rank one tensors . this motivates us to consider the problem of low rank tensor recovery from a class of linear measurements called separable measurements . as specific examples , we focus on two distinct types ←
→ blessing of dimensionality : mathematical foundations of the statistical physics of data ; the concentration of measure phenomena were discovered as the mathematical background of statistical mechanics at the end of the xix - beginning of the xx century and were then explored in mathematics of the xx - xxi centuries . at the beginning of the xxi century , it became clear that the proper utilisation of these phenomena in machine learning might transform the curse of dimensionality into the blessing of dimension ←
→ exploring the combination rules of d numbers from a perspective of conflict redistribution ; dempster - shafer theory of evidence is widely applied to uncertainty modelling and knowledge reasoning because of its advantages in dealing with uncertain information . but some conditions or requirements , such as exclusiveness hypothesis and completeness constraint , limit the development and application of that theory to a large extend . to overcome the shortcomings and enhance its capability of representing the unc ←
→ compact convolutional neural network cascade for face detection ; the problem of faces detection in images or video streams is a classical problem of computer vision . the multiple solutions of this problem have been proposed , but the question of their optimality is still open . many algorithms achieve a high quality face detection , but at the cost of high computational complexity . this restricts their application in the real - time systems . this paper presents a new solution of the frontal face detection probl ←
→ svdnet for pedestrian retrieval ; this paper proposes the svdnet for retrieval problems , with focus on the application of person re - identification ( re - id ). we view each weight vector within a fully connected ( fc ) layer in a convolutional neuron network ( cnn ) as a projection basis . it is observed that the weight vectors are usually highly correlated . this problem leads to correlations among entries of the fc descriptor , and compromises the retrieval performance based on the euclidean distance . to address the ←
→ sambaten : sampling - based batch incremental tensor decomposition ; tensor decompositions are invaluable tools in analyzing multimodal datasets . in many real - world scenarios , such datasets are far from being static , to the contrary they tend to grow over time . for instance , in an online social network setting , as we observe new interactions over time , our dataset gets updated in its " time " mode . how can we maintain a valid and accurate tensor decomposition of such a dynamically evolving multimodal dataset , wi ←
→ a novel boundary matching algorithm for video temporal error concealment ; with the fast growth of communication networks , the video data transmission from these networks is extremely vulnerable . error concealment is a technique to estimate the damaged data by employing the correctly received data at the decoder . in this paper , an efficient boundary matching algorithm for estimating damaged motion vectors ( mvs ) is proposed . the proposed algorithm performs error concealment for each damaged macro block ( mb ) ←
→ syntactic and semantic features for code - switching factored language models ; this paper presents our latest investigations on different features for factored language models for code - switching speech and their effect on automatic speech recognition ( asr ) performance . we focus on syntactic and semantic features which can be extracted from code - switching text data and integrate them into factored language models . different possible factors , such as words , part - of - speech tags , brown word clusters , open clas ←
→ a parameter - free hedging algorithm ; we study the problem of decision - theoretic online learning ( dtol ). motivated by practical applications , we focus on dtol when the number of actions is very large . previous algorithms for learning in this framework have a tunable learning rate parameter , and a barrier to using online - learning in practical applications is that it is not understood how to set this parameter optimally , particularly when the number of actions is large . in this paper , we offer a clean soluti ←
→ tsviz : demystification of deep learning models for time - series analysis ; this paper presents a novel framework for demystification of convolutional deep learning models for time series analysis . this is a step towards making informed / explainable decisions in the domain of time series , powered by deep learning . there have been numerous efforts to increase the interpretability of image - centric deep neural network models , where the learned features are more intuitive to visualize . visualization in time - series ←
→ identifying subjective and figurative language in online dialogue ; more and more of the information on the web is dialogic , from facebook newsfeeds , to forum conversations , to comment threads on news articles . in contrast to traditional , monologic resources such as news , highly social dialogue is very frequent in social media . we aim to automatically identify sarcastic and nasty utterances in unannotated online dialogue , extending a bootstrapping method previously applied to the classification of monologic ←
→ combining multiple - valued logics in modular expert systems ; the way experts manage uncertainty usually changes depending on the task they are performing . this fact has lead us to consider the problem of communicating modules ( task implementations ) in a large and structured knowledge based system when modules have different uncertainty calculi . in this paper , the analysis of the communication problem is made assuming that ( i ) each uncertainty calculus is an inference mechanism defining an entailment relatio ←
→ using complex wavelet transform and bilateral filtering for image denoising ; the bilateral filter is a useful nonlinear filter which without smoothing edges , it does spatial averaging . in the literature , the effectiveness of this method for image denoising is shown . in this paper , an extension of this method is proposed which is based on complex wavelet transform . in fact , the bilateral filtering is applied to the low - frequency ( approximation ) subbands of the decomposed image using complex wavelet transf ←
→ proximal alternating direction network : a globally converged deep unrolling framework ; deep learning models have gained great success in many real - world applications . however , most existing networks are typically designed in heuristic manners , thus lack of rigorous mathematical principles and derivations . several recent studies build deep structures by unrolling a particular optimization model that involves task information . unfortunately , due to the dynamic nature of network parameters , their resultant ←
→ online stochastic optimization under correlated bandit feedback ; in this paper we consider the problem of online stochastic optimization of a locally smooth function under bandit feedback . we introduce the high - confidence tree ( hct ) algorithm , a novel any - time $\ mathcal { x }$- armed bandit algorithm , and derive regret bounds matching the performance of existing state - of - the - art in terms of dependency on number of steps and smoothness factor . the main advantage of hct is that it handles the challenging case of ←
→ adaptive neuron apoptosis for accelerating deep learning on large scale systems ; we present novel techniques to accelerate the convergence of deep learning algorithms by conducting low overhead removal of redundant neurons -- apoptosis of neurons -- which do not contribute to model learning , during the training phase itself . we provide in - depth theoretical underpinnings of our heuristics ( bounding accuracy loss and handling apoptosis of several neuron types ), and present the methods to conduct adaptive n ←
→ an effective image feature classiffication using an improved som ; image feature classification is a challenging problem in many computer vision applications , specifically , in the fields of remote sensing , image analysis and pattern recognition . in this paper , a novel self organizing map , termed improved som ( isom ), is proposed with the aim of effectively classifying mammographic images based on their texture feature representation . the main contribution of the isom is to introduce a new node structure for ←
→ choosing the word most typical in context using a lexical co - occurrence network ; this paper presents a partial solution to a component of the problem of lexical choice : choosing the synonym most typical , or expected , in context . we apply a new statistical approach to representing the context of a word through lexical co - occurrence networks . the implementation was trained and evaluated on a large corpus , and results show that the inclusion of second - order co - occurrence relations improves the performance o ←
→ deep learning for real - time gravitational wave detection and parameter estimation : results with advanced ligo data ; the recent nobel - prize - winning detections of gravitational waves from merging black holes and the subsequent detection of the collision of two neutron stars in coincidence with electromagnetic observations have inaugurated a new era of multimessenger astrophysics . to enhance the scope of this emergent field of science , we pioneered the use of deep learning with convolutional neural networks ←
→ infinitam v3 : a framework for large - scale 3d reconstruction with loop closure ; volumetric models have become a popular representation for 3d scenes in recent years . one breakthrough leading to their popularity was kinectfusion , which focuses on 3d reconstruction using rgb - d sensors . however , monocular slam has since also been tackled with very similar approaches . representing the reconstruction volumetrically as a tsdf leads to most of the simplicity and efficiency that can be achieved with gpu implement ←
→ blind phoneme segmentation with temporal prediction errors ; phonemic segmentation of speech is a critical step of speech recognition systems . we propose a novel unsupervised algorithm based on sequence prediction models such as markov chains and recurrent neural network . our approach consists in analyzing the error profile of a model trained to predict speech features frame - by - frame . specifically , we try to learn the dynamics of speech in the mfcc space and hypothesize boundaries from local maxima in the p ←
→ discriminative clustering with relative constraints ; we study the problem of clustering with relative constraints , where each constraint specifies relative similarities among instances . in particular , each constraint $( x_i , x_j , x_k )$ is acquired by posing a query : is instance $ x_i $ more similar to $ x_j $ than to $ x_k $? we consider the scenario where answers to such queries are based on an underlying ( but unknown ) class concept , which we aim to discover via clustering . different from most existing methods t ←
→ validation of information fusion ; we motivate and offer a formal definition of validation as it applies to information fusion systems . common definitions of validation compare the actual state of the world with that derived by the fusion process . this definition conflates properties of the fusion system with properties of systems that intervene between the world and the fusion system . we propose an alternative definition where validation of an information fusion system references a standard fusion device , ←
→ reinforcement learning framework for opportunistic routing in wsns ; routing packets opportunistically is an essential part of multihop ad hoc wireless sensor networks . the existing routing techniques are not adaptive opportunistic . in this paper we have proposed an adaptive opportunistic routing scheme that routes packets opportunistically in order to ensure that packet loss is avoided . learning and routing are combined in the framework that explores the optimal routing possibilities . in this paper we impl ←
→ a shapley value solution to game theoretic - based feature reduction in false alarm detection ; false alarm is one of the main concerns in intensive care units and can result in care disruption , sleep deprivation , and insensitivity of care - givers to alarms . several methods have been proposed to suppress the false alarm rate through improving the quality of physiological signals by filtering , and developing more accurate sensors . however , significant intrinsic correlation among the extracted features limits ←
→ what does explainable ai really mean ? a new conceptualization of perspectives ; we characterize three notions of explainable ai that cut across research fields : opaque systems that offer no insight into its algo - rithmic mechanisms ; interpretable systems where users can mathemat - ically analyze its algorithmic mechanisms ; and comprehensible systems that emit symbols enabling user - driven explanations of how a conclusion is reached . the paper is motivated by a corpus analysis of nips , acl , cogsci , and iccv /←
→ enhanced genetic algorithm approach for solving dynamic shortest path routing problems using immigrants and memory schemes ; in internet routing , the static shortest path ( sp ) problem has been addressed using well known intelligent optimization techniques like artificial neural networks , genetic algorithms ( gas ) and particle swarm optimization . advancement in wireless communication lead more and more mobile wireless networks , such as mobile networks [ mobile ad hoc networks ( manets )] and wireless sensor ne ←
→ latent gaussian processes for distribution estimation of multivariate categorical data ; multivariate categorical data occur in many applications of machine learning . one of the main difficulties with these vectors of categorical variables is sparsity . the number of possible observations grows exponentially with vector length , but dataset diversity might be poor in comparison . recent models have gained significant improvement in supervised tasks with this data . these models embed observations in a continu ←
→ exploring the political agenda of the european parliament using a dynamic topic modeling approach ; this study analyzes the political agenda of the european parliament ( ep ) plenary , how it has evolved over time , and the manner in which members of the european parliament ( meps ) have reacted to external and internal stimuli when making plenary speeches . to unveil the plenary agenda and detect latent themes in legislative speeches over time , mep speech content is analyzed using a new dynamic topic modeling m ←
→ mixing , ergodic , and nonergodic processes with rapidly growing information between blocks ; we construct mixing processes over an infinite alphabet and ergodic processes over a finite alphabet for which shannon mutual information between adjacent blocks of length $ n $ grows as $ n ^\ beta $, where $\ beta \ in ( 0 , 1 )$. the processes are a modification of nonergodic santa fe processes , which were introduced in the context of natural language modeling . the rates of mutual information for the latter processes are alik ←
→ resampling forgery detection using deep learning and a - contrario analysis ; the amount of digital imagery recorded has recently grown exponentially , and with the advancement of software , such as photoshop or gimp , it has become easier to manipulate images . however , most images on the internet have not been manipulated and any automated manipulation detection algorithm must carefully control the false alarm rate . in this paper we discuss a method to automatically detect local resampling using deep learning ←
→ a new computational framework for 2d shape - enclosing contours ; in this paper , a new framework for one - dimensional contour extraction from discrete two - dimensional data sets is presented . contour extraction is important in many scientific fields such as digital image processing , computer vision , pattern recognition , etc . this novel framework includes ( but is not limited to ) algorithms for dilated contour extraction , contour displacement , shape skeleton extraction , contour continuation , shape feature based c ←
→ video description using bidirectional recurrent neural networks ; although traditionally used in the machine translation field , the encoder - decoder framework has been recently applied for the generation of video and image descriptions . the combination of convolutional and recurrent neural networks in these models has proven to outperform the previous state of the art , obtaining more accurate video descriptions . in this work we propose pushing further this model by introducing two contributions into the enco ←
→ monte carlo information geometry : the dually flat case ; exponential families and mixture families are parametric probability models that can be geometrically studied as smooth statistical manifolds with respect to any statistical divergence like the kullback - leibler ( kl ) divergence or the hellinger divergence . when equipping a statistical manifold with the kl divergence , the induced manifold structure is dually flat , and the kl divergence between distributions amounts to an equivalent bregman divergence on ←
→ learning mixtures of ranking models ; this work concerns learning probabilistic models for ranking data in a heterogeneous population . the specific problem we study is learning the parameters of a mallows mixture model . despite being widely studied , current heuristics for this problem do not have theoretical guarantees and can get stuck in bad local optima . we present the first polynomial time algorithm which provably learns the parameters of a mixture of two mallows models . a key component of our algorithm ←
→ strengths and weaknesses of deep learning models for face recognition against image degradations ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) based approaches are the state - of - the - art in various computer vision tasks , including face recognition . considerable research effort is currently being directed towards further improving deep cnns by focusing on more powerful model architectures and better learning techniques . however , studies systematically exploring the strengths and weaknesses of existing deep mod ←
→ stoic ethics for artificial agents ; we present a position paper advocating the notion that stoic philosophy and ethics can inform the development of ethical a . i . systems . this is in sharp contrast to most work on building ethical a . i ., which has focused on utilitarian or deontological ethical theories . we relate ethical a . i . to several core stoic notions , including the dichotomy of control , the four cardinal virtues , the ideal sage , stoic practices , and stoic perspectives on emotion or affect . more general ←
→ predicting chronic disease hospitalizations from electronic health records : an interpretable classification approach ; urban living in modern large cities has significant adverse effects on health , increasing the risk of several chronic diseases . we focus on the two leading clusters of chronic disease , heart disease and diabetes , and develop data - driven methods to predict hospitalizations due to these conditions . we base these predictions on the patients ' medical history , recent and more distant , as descr ←
→ neural networks should be wide enough to learn disconnected decision regions ; in the recent literature the important role of depth in deep learning has been emphasized . in this paper we argue that sufficient width of a feedforward network is equally important by answering the simple question under which conditions the decision regions of a neural network are connected . it turns out that for a class of activation functions including leaky relu , neural networks having a pyramidal structure , that is no laye ←
→ semantic social network analysis ; social network analysis ( sna ) tries to understand and exploit the key features of social networks in order to manage their life cycle and predict their evolution . increasingly popular web 2 . 0 sites are forming huge social network . classical methods from social network analysis ( sna ) have been applied to such online networks . in this paper , we propose leveraging semantic web technologies to merge and exploit the best features of each domain . we present how to facilitate and ←
→ visual and semantic knowledge transfer for large scale semi - supervised object detection ; deep cnn - based object detection systems have achieved remarkable success on several large - scale object detection benchmarks . however , training such detectors requires a large number of labeled bounding boxes , which are more difficult to obtain than image - level annotations . previous work addresses this issue by transforming image - level classifiers into object detectors . this is done by modeling the differences between ←
→ a modular architecture for transparent computation in recurrent neural networks ; computation is classically studied in terms of automata , formal languages and algorithms ; yet , the relation between neural dynamics and symbolic representations and operations is still unclear in traditional eliminative connectionism . therefore , we suggest a unique perspective on this central issue , to which we would like to refer as to transparent connectionism , by proposing accounts of how symbolic computation can be imple ←
→ eeg machine learning with higuchi fractal dimension and sample entropy as features for successful detection of depression ; reliable diagnosis of depressive disorder is essential for both optimal treatment and prevention of fatal outcomes . in this study , we aimed to elucidate the effectiveness of two non - linear measures , higuchi fractal dimension ( hfd ) and sample entropy ( sampen ), in detecting depressive disorders when applied on eeg . hfd and sampen of eeg signals were used as features for seven machine l ←
→ efficient evolutionary algorithm for single - objective bilevel optimization ; bilevel optimization problems are a class of challenging optimization problems , which contain two levels of optimization tasks . in these problems , the optimal solutions to the lower level problem become possible feasible candidates to the upper level problem . such a requirement makes the optimization problem difficult to solve , and has kept the researchers busy towards devising methodologies , which can efficiently handle the prob ←
→ sequential inference for latent force models ; latent force models ( lfms ) are hybrid models combining mechanistic principles with non - parametric components . in this article , we shall show how lfms can be equivalently formulated and solved using the state variable approach . we shall also show how the gaussian process prior used in lfms can be equivalently formulated as a linear statespace model driven by a white noise process and how inference on the resulting model can be efficiently implemented using kalma ←
→ vncorenlp : a vietnamese natural language processing toolkit ; we present an easy - to - use and fast toolkit , namely vncorenlp --- a java nlp annotation pipeline for vietnamese . our vncorenlp supports key natural language processing ( nlp ) tasks including word segmentation , part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging , named entity recognition ( ner ) and dependency parsing , and obtains state - of - the - art ( sota ) results for these tasks . we release vncorenlp to provide rich linguistic annotations to facilitate research work on vietnam ←
→ dictionary - learning - based reconstruction method for electron tomography ; electron tomography usually suffers from so called missing wedge artifacts caused by limited tilt angle range . an equally sloped tomography ( est ) acquisition scheme ( which should be called the linogram sampling scheme ) was recently applied to achieve 2 . 4 - angstrom resolution . on the other hand , a compressive sensing - inspired reconstruction algorithm , known as adaptive dictionary based statistical iterative reconstruction ( adsir ), has b ←
→ decoy bandits dueling on a poset ; we adress the problem of dueling bandits defined on partially ordered sets , or posets . in this setting , arms may not be comparable , and there may be several ( incomparable ) optimal arms . we propose an algorithm , unchainedbandits , that efficiently finds the set of optimal arms of any poset even when pairs of comparable arms cannot be distinguished from pairs of incomparable arms , with a set of minimal assumptions . this algorithm relies on the concept of decoys , which stems f ←
→ fast change point detection on dynamic social networks ; a number of real world problems in many domains ( e . g . sociology , biology , political science and communication networks ) can be modeled as dynamic networks with nodes representing entities of interest and edges representing interactions among the entities at different points in time . a common representation for such models is the snapshot model - where a network is defined at logical time - stamps . an important problem under this model is change point de ←
→ model - coupled autoencoder for time series visualisation ; we present an approach for the visualisation of a set of time series that combines an echo state network with an autoencoder . for each time series in the dataset we train an echo state network , using a common and fixed reservoir of hidden neurons , and use the optimised readout weights as the new representation . dimensionality reduction is then performed via an autoencoder on the readout weight representations . the crux of the work is to equip the aut ←
→ divide and fuse : a re - ranking approach for person re - identification ; as re - ranking is a necessary procedure to boost person re - identification ( re - id ) performance on large - scale datasets , the diversity of feature becomes crucial to person reid for its importance both on designing pedestrian descriptions and re - ranking based on feature fusion . however , in many circumstances , only one type of pedestrian feature is available . in this paper , we propose a " divide and use " re - ranking framework for person re - id . i ←
→ qualitative decision theory with sugeno integrals ; this paper presents an axiomatic framework for qualitative decision under uncertainty in a finite setting . the corresponding utility is expressed by a sup - min expression , called sugeno ( or fuzzy ) integral . technically speaking , sugeno integral is a median , which is indeed a qualitative counterpart to the averaging operation underlying expected utility . the axiomatic justification of sugeno integral - based utility is expressed in terms of preference between ←
→ agreement - based learning of parallel lexicons and phrases from non - parallel corpora ; we introduce an agreement - based approach to learning parallel lexicons and phrases from non - parallel corpora . the basic idea is to encourage two asymmetric latent - variable translation models ( i . e ., source - to - target and target - to - source ) to agree on identifying latent phrase and word alignments . the agreement is defined at both word and phrase levels . we develop a viterbi em algorithm for jointly training the two unidirec ←
→ non - negative factorization of the occurrence tensor from financial contracts ; we propose an algorithm for the non - negative factorization of an occurrence tensor built from heterogeneous networks . we use l0 norm to model sparse errors over discrete values ( occurrences ), and use decomposed factors to model the embedded groups of nodes . an efficient splitting method is developed to optimize the nonconvex and nonsmooth objective . we study both synthetic problems and a new dataset built from financial documen ←
→ improving speaker turn embedding by crossmodal transfer learning from face embedding ; learning speaker turn embeddings has shown considerable improvement in situations where conventional speaker modeling approaches fail . however , this improvement is relatively limited when compared to the gain observed in face embedding learning , which has been proven very successful for face verification and clustering tasks . assuming that face and voices from the same identities share some latent properties ( like age , ←
→ sparse inertial poser : automatic 3d human pose estimation from sparse imus ; we address the problem of making human motion capture in the wild more practical by using a small set of inertial sensors attached to the body . since the problem is heavily under - constrained , previous methods either use a large number of sensors , which is intrusive , or they require additional video input . we take a different approach and constrain the problem by : ( i ) making use of a realistic statistical body model that includes ←
→ seqgan : sequence generative adversarial nets with policy gradient ; as a new way of training generative models , generative adversarial nets ( gan ) that uses a discriminative model to guide the training of the generative model has enjoyed considerable success in generating real - valued data . however , it has limitations when the goal is for generating sequences of discrete tokens . a major reason lies in that the discrete outputs from the generative model make it difficult to pass the gradient update from the di ←
→ probability aggregates in probability answer set programming ; probability answer set programming is a declarative programming that has been shown effective for representing and reasoning about a variety of probability reasoning tasks . however , the lack of probability aggregates , e . g . {\ em expected values }, in the language of disjunctive hybrid probability logic programs ( dhpp ) disallows the natural and concise representation of many interesting problems . in this paper , we extend dhpp to allow arbitrary pro ←
→ makespan optimal solving of cooperative path - finding via reductions to propositional satisfiability ; the problem of makespan optimal solving of cooperative path finding ( cpf ) is addressed in this paper . the task in cpf is to relocate a group of agents in a non - colliding way so that each agent eventually reaches its goal location from the given initial location . the abstraction adopted in this work assumes that agents are discrete items moving in an undirected graph by traversing edges . makespan optimal s ←
→ on analysis and evaluation of multi - sensory cognitive learning of a mathematical topic using artificial neural networks ; this piece of research belongs to the field of educational assessment issue based upon the cognitive multimedia theory . considering that theory ; visual and auditory material should be presented simultaneously to reinforce the retention of a mathematical learned topic , a carefully computer - assisted learning ( cal ) module is designed for development of a multimedia tutorial for our sugges ←
→ a dependency look at the reality of constituency ; a comment on " neurophysiological dynamics of phrase - structure building during sentence processing " by nelson et al ( 2017 ), proceedings of the national academy of sciences usa 114 ( 18 ), e3669 - e3678 .←
→ clustering and unsupervised anomaly detection with l2 normalized deep auto - encoder representations ; clustering is essential to many tasks in pattern recognition and computer vision . with the advent of deep learning , there is an increasing interest in learning deep unsupervised representations for clustering analysis . many works on this domain rely on variants of auto - encoders and use the encoder outputs as representations / features for clustering . in this paper , we show that an l2 normalization constraint ←
→ predicting face recognition performance using image quality ; this paper proposes a data driven model to predict the performance of a face recognition system based on image quality features . we model the relationship between image quality features ( e . g . pose , illumination , etc .) and recognition performance measures using a probability density function . to address the issue of limited nature of practical training data inherent in most data driven models , we have developed a bayesian approach to model the dis ←
→ linear time recognition algorithms for topological invariants in 3d ; in this paper , we design linear time algorithms to recognize and determine topological invariants such as the genus and homology groups in 3d . these properties can be used to identify patterns in 3d image recognition . this has tremendous amount of applications in 3d medical image analysis . our method is based on cubical images with direct adjacency , also called ( 6 , 26 )- connectivity images in discrete geometry . according to the fact that th ←
→ retrofitting concept vector representations of medical concepts to improve estimates of semantic similarity and relatedness ; estimation of semantic similarity and relatedness between biomedical concepts has utility for many informatics applications . automated methods fall into two categories : methods based on distributional statistics drawn from text corpora , and methods using the structure of existing knowledge resources . methods in the former category disregard taxonomic structure , while those in the l ←
→ agnostic system identification for model - based reinforcement learning ; a fundamental problem in control is to learn a model of a system from observations that is useful for controller synthesis . to provide good performance guarantees , existing methods must assume that the real system is in the class of models considered during learning . we present an iterative method with strong guarantees even in the agnostic case where the system is not in the class . in particular , we show that any no - regret online learn ←
→ benders decomposition for the design of a hub and shuttle public transit system ; the busplus project aims at improving the off - peak hours public transit service in canberra , australia . to address the difficulty of covering a large geographic area , busplus proposes a hub and shuttle model consisting of a combination of a few high - frequency bus routes between key hubs and a large number of shuttles that bring passengers from their origin to the closest hub and take them from their last bus stop to their de ←
→ on combining machine learning with decision making ; we present a new application and covering number bound for the framework of " machine learning with operational costs ( mloc )," which is an exploratory form of decision theory . the mloc framework incorporates knowledge about how a predictive model will be used for a subsequent task , thus combining machine learning with the decision that is made afterwards . in this work , we use the mloc framework to study a problem that has implications for power grid reliab ←
→ unifying class - based representation formalisms ; the notion of class is ubiquitous in computer science and is central in many formalisms for the representation of structured knowledge used both in knowledge representation and in databases . in this paper we study the basic issues underlying such representation formalisms and single out both their common characteristics and their distinguishing features . such investigation leads us to propose a unifying framework in which we are able to capture the fundamenta ←
→ on planning while learning ; this paper introduces a framework for planning while learning where an agent is given a goal to achieve in an environment whose behavior is only partially known to the agent . we discuss the tractability of various plan - design processes . we show that for a large natural class of planning while learning systems , a plan can be presented and verified in a reasonable time . however , coming up algorithmically with a plan , even for simple classes of systems is apparently intractable . we ←
→ local feature descriptor learning with adaptive siamese network ; although the recent progress in the deep neural network has led to the development of learnable local feature descriptors , there is no explicit answer for estimation of the necessary size of a neural network . specifically , the local feature is represented in a low dimensional space , so the neural network should have more compact structure . the small networks required for local feature descriptor learning may be sensitive to initial conditions ←
→ power plant performance modeling with concept drift ; power plant is a complex and nonstationary system for which the traditional machine learning modeling approaches fall short of expectations . the ensemble - based online learning methods provide an effective way to continuously learn from the dynamic environment and autonomously update models to respond to environmental changes . this paper proposes such an online ensemble regression approach to model power plant performance , which is critically important fo ←
→ personalized and situation - aware multimodal route recommendations : the favour algorithm ; route choice in multimodal networks shows a considerable variation between different individuals as well as the current situational context . personalization of recommendation algorithms are already common in many areas , e . g ., online retail . however , most online routing applications still provide shortest distance or shortest travel - time routes only , neglecting individual preferences as well as the current situation . ←
→ lexical features in coreference resolution : to be used with caution ; lexical features are a major source of information in state - of - the - art coreference resolvers . lexical features implicitly model some of the linguistic phenomena at a fine granularity level . they are especially useful for representing the context of mentions . in this paper we investigate a drawback of using many lexical features in state - of - the - art coreference resolvers . we show that if coreference resolvers mainly rely on lexical features ←
→ hierarchical surrogate modeling for illumination algorithms ; evolutionary illumination is a recent technique that allows producing many diverse , optimal solutions in a map of manually defined features . to support the large amount of objective function evaluations , surrogate model assistance was recently introduced . illumination models need to represent many more , diverse optimal regions than classical surrogate models . in this phd thesis , we propose to decompose the sample set , decreasing model complexity ,←
→ affect control processes : intelligent affective interaction using a partially observable markov decision process ; this paper describes a novel method for building affectively intelligent human - interactive agents . the method is based on a key sociological insight that has been developed and extensively verified over the last twenty years , but has yet to make an impact in artificial intelligence . the insight is that resource bounded humans will , by default , act to maintain affective consistency . humans hav ←
→ nonmonotonic inference operations ; a . tarski proposed the study of infinitary consequence operations as the central topic of mathematical logic . he considered monotonicity to be a property of all such operations . in this paper , we weaken the monotonicity requirement and consider more general operations , inference operations . these operations describe the nonmonotonic logics both humans and machines seem to be using when infering defeasible information from incomplete knowledge . we single out a number of in ←
→ learning pain from action unit combinations : a weakly supervised approach via multiple instance learning ; patient pain can be detected highly reliably from facial expressions using a set of facial muscle - based action units ( aus ) defined by the facial action coding system ( facs ). a key characteristic of facial expression of pain is the simultaneous occurrence of pain - related au combinations , whose automated detection would be highly beneficial for efficient and practical pain monitoring . existing general ←
→ one - class collaborative filtering with random graphs : annotated version ; the bane of one - class collaborative filtering is interpreting and modelling the latent signal from the missing class . in this paper we present a novel bayesian generative model for implicit collaborative filtering . it forms a core component of the xbox live architecture , and unlike previous approaches , delineates the odds of a user disliking an item from simply not considering it . the latent signal is treated as an unobserved random g ←
→ webcaricature : a benchmark for caricature face recognition ; caricatures are facial drawings by artists with exaggeration on certain facial parts . the exaggerations are often beyond realism and yet the caricatures are still recognizable by humans . with the advent of deep learning , recognition performances by computers on real - world faces has become comparable to human performance even under unconstrained situations . however , there is still a gap in caricature recognition performance between computer and hum ←
→ high - speed real - time single - pixel microscopy based on fourier sampling ; single - pixel cameras based on the concepts of compressed sensing ( cs ) leverage the inherent structure of images to retrieve them with far fewer measurements and operate efficiently over a significantly broader spectral range than conventional silicon - based cameras . recently , photonic time - stretch ( pts ) technique facilitates the emergence of high - speed single - pixel cameras . a significant breakthrough in imaging speed of single - pixel cam ←
→ manyopt : an extensible tool for mixed , non - linear optimization through smt solving ; optimization of mixed - integer non - linear programming ( minlp ) supports important decisions in applications such as chemical process engineering . but current solvers have limited ability for deductive reasoning or the use of domain - specific theories , and the management of integrality constraints does not yet exploit automated reasoning tools such as smt solvers . this seems to limit both scalability and reach of such tools i ←
→ neuromodulation influences synchronization and intrinsic read - out ; the roles of neuromodulation in a neural network , such as in a cortical microcolumn , are still incompletely understood . neuromodulation influences neural processing by presynaptic and postsynaptic regulation of synaptic efficacy . synaptic efficacy modulation can be an effective way to rapidly alter network density and topology . we show that altering network topology , together with density , will affect its synchronization . fast synaptic effi ←
→ an empirical study into annotator agreement , ground truth estimation , and algorithm evaluation ; although agreement between annotators has been studied in the past from a statistical viewpoint , little work has attempted to quantify the extent to which this phenomenon affects the evaluation of computer vision ( cv ) object detection algorithms . many researchers utilise ground truth ( gt ) in experiments and more often than not this gt is derived from one annotator ' s opinion . how does the difference in opinion ←
→ on the iteration complexity analysis of stochastic primal - dual hybrid gradient approach with high probability ; in this paper , we propose a stochastic primal - dual hybrid gradient ( pdhg ) approach for solving a wide spectrum of regularized stochastic minimization problems , where the regularization term is composite with a linear function . it has been recognized that solving this kind of problem is challenging since the closed - form solution of the proximal mapping associated with the regularization term is n ←
→ a comprehensive survey of ontology summarization : measures and methods ; the semantic web is becoming a large scale framework that enables data to be published , shared , and reused in the form of ontologies . the ontology which is considered as basic building block of semantic web consists of two layers including data and schema layer . with the current exponential development of ontologies in both data size and complexity of schemas , ontology understanding which is playing an important role in different tasks ←
→ pwc - net : cnns for optical flow using pyramid , warping , and cost volume ; we present a compact but effective cnn model for optical flow , called pwc - net . pwc - net has been designed according to simple and well - established principles : pyramidal processing , warping , and the use of a cost volume . cast in a learnable feature pyramid , pwc - net uses the current optical flow estimate to warp the cnn features of the second image . it then uses the warped features and features of the first image to construct the cost vol ←
→ extended dynamic programming and fast multidimensional search algorithm for energy minization in stereo and motion ; this paper presents a novel extended dynamic programming approach for energy minimization ( edp ) to solve the correspondence problem for stereo and motion . a significant speedup is achieved using a recursive minimum search strategy ( rms ). the mentioned speedup is particularly important if the disparity space is 2d as well as 3d . the proposed rms can also be applied in the well - known dynamic ←
→ evaluation of the accuracy of the bglemmatizer ; this paper reveals the results of an analysis of the accuracy of developed software for automatic lemmatization for the bulgarian language . this lemmatization software is written entirely in java and is distributed as a gate plugin . certain statistical methods are used to define the accuracy of this software . the results of the analysis show 95 % lemmatization accuracy .←
→ on a fast bilateral filtering formulation using functional rearrangements ; we introduce an exact reformulation of a broad class of neighborhood filters , among which the bilateral filters , in terms of two functional rearrangements : the decreasing and the relative rearrangements . independently of the image spatial dimension ( one - dimensional signal , image , volume of images , etc .), we reformulate these filters as integral operators defined in a one - dimensional space corresponding to the level sets measures ←
→ a bayesian approach to type - specific conic fitting ; a perturbative approach is used to quantify the effect of noise in data points on fitted parameters in a general homogeneous linear model , and the results applied to the case of conic sections . there is an optimal choice of normalisation that minimises bias , and iteration with the correct reweighting significantly improves statistical reliability . by conditioning on an appropriate prior , an unbiased type - specific fit can be obtained . error estimates for t ←
→ system descriptions of the first international competition on computational models of argumentation ( iccma ' 15 ) ; this volume contains the system description of the 18 solvers submitted to the first international competition on computational models of argumentation ( iccma ' 15 ) and therefore gives an overview on state - of - the - art of computational approaches to abstract argumentation problems . further information on the results of the competition and the performance of the individual solvers can be found on at ←
→ r2 - d2 : color - inspired convolutional neural network ( cnn )- based android malware detections ; machine learning ( ml ) has found it particularly useful in malware detection . however , as the malware evolves very fast , the stability of the feature extracted from malware serves as a critical issue in malware detection . recent success of deep learning in image recognition , natural language processing , and machine translation indicate a potential solution for stabilizing the malware detection effectiveness . we pres ←
→ discretization of temporal data : a survey ; in real world , the huge amount of temporal data is to be processed in many application areas such as scientific , financial , network monitoring , sensor data analysis . data mining techniques are primarily oriented to handle discrete features . in the case of temporal data the time plays an important role on the characteristics of data . to consider this effect , the data discretization techniques have to consider the time while processing to resolve the issue by findin ←
→ an optimization method for slice interpolation of medical images ; slice interpolation is a fast growing field in medical image processing . intensity - based interpolation and object - based interpolation are two major groups of methods in the literature . in this paper , we describe an object - oriented , optimization method based on a modified version of curvature - based image registration , in which a displacement field is computed for the missing slice between two known slices and used to interpolate the intensiti ←
→ active long term memory networks ; continual learning in artificial neural networks suffers from interference and forgetting when different tasks are learned sequentially . this paper introduces the active long term memory networks ( a - ltm ), a model of sequential multi - task deep learning that is able to maintain previously learned association between sensory input and behavioral output while acquiring knew knowledge . a - ltm exploits the non - convex nature of deep neural networks and actively maintains knowledge ←
→ r - fcn - 3000 at 30fps : decoupling detection and classification ; we present r - fcn - 3000 , a large - scale real - time object detector in which objectness detection and classification are decoupled . to obtain the detection score for an roi , we multiply the objectness score with the fine - grained classification score . our approach is a modification of the r - fcn architecture in which position - sensitive filters are shared across different object classes for performing localization . for fine - grained classification , these ←
→ a real world implementation of answer extraction ; in this paper we describe extrans , an answer extraction system . answer extraction ( ae ) aims at retrieving those exact passages of a document that directly answer a given user question . ae is more ambitious than information retrieval and information extraction in that the retrieval results are phrases , not entire documents , and in that the queries may be arbitrarily specific . it is less ambitious than full - fledged question answering in that the answers are n ←
→ comparisons of reasoning mechanisms for computer vision ; an evidential reasoning mechanism based on the dempster - shafer theory of evidence is introduced . its performance in real - world image analysis is compared with other mechanisms based on the bayesian formalism and a simple weight combination method .←
→ extremely large minibatch sgd : training resnet - 50 on imagenet in 15 minutes ; we demonstrate that training resnet - 50 on imagenet for 90 epochs can be achieved in 15 minutes with 1024 tesla p100 gpus . this was made possible by using a large minibatch size of 32k . to maintain accuracy with this large minibatch size , we employed several techniques such as rmsprop warm - up , batch normalization without moving averages , and a slow - start learning rate schedule . this paper also describes the details of the hardwar ←
→ gray image extraction using fuzzy logic ; fuzzy systems concern fundamental methodology to represent and process uncertainty and imprecision in the linguistic information . the fuzzy systems that use fuzzy rules to represent the domain knowledge of the problem are known as fuzzy rule base systems ( frbs ). on the other hand image segmentation and subsequent extraction from a noise - affected background , with the help of various soft computing methods , are relatively new and quite popular due to various reasons . ←
→ a comparative study of pairwise learning methods based on kernel ridge regression ; many machine learning problems can be formulated as predicting labels for a pair of objects . problems of that kind are often referred to as pairwise learning , dyadic prediction or network inference problems . during the last decade kernel methods have played a dominant role in pairwise learning . they still obtain a state - of - the - art predictive performance , but a theoretical analysis of their behavior has been underexplored i ←
→ clustering and latent semantic indexing aspects of the nonnegative matrix factorization ; this paper provides a theoretical support for clustering aspect of the nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ). by utilizing the karush - kuhn - tucker optimality conditions , we show that nmf objective is equivalent to graph clustering objective , so clustering aspect of the nmf has a solid justification . different from previous approaches which usually discard the nonnegativity constraints , our approach guarantees the sta ←
→ scene - adaptive coded apertures imaging ; coded aperture imaging systems have recently shown great success in recovering scene depth and extending the depth - of - field . the ideal pattern , however , would have to serve two conflicting purposes : 1 ) be broadband to ensure robust deconvolution and 2 ) has sufficient zero - crossings for a high depth discrepancy . this paper presents a simple but effective scene - adaptive coded aperture solution to bridge this gap . we observe that the geometric structures in a natural sc ←
→ deep stereo matching with explicit cost aggregation sub - architecture ; deep neural networks have shown excellent performance for stereo matching . many efforts focus on the feature extraction and similarity measurement of the matching cost computation step while less attention is paid on cost aggregation which is crucial for stereo matching . in this paper , we present a learning - based cost aggregation method for stereo matching by a novel sub - architecture in the end - to - end trainable pipeline . we reformulate t ←
→ an empirical evaluation of various deep learning architectures for bi - sequence classification tasks ; several tasks in argumentation mining and debating , question - answering , and natural language inference involve classifying a sequence in the context of another sequence ( referred as bi - sequence classification ). for several single sequence classification tasks , the current state - of - the - art approaches are based on recurrent and convolutional neural networks . on the other hand , for bi - sequence classification ←
→ when should a decision maker ignore the advice of a decision aid ? ; this paper argues that the principal difference between decision aids and most other types of information systems is the greater reliance of decision aids on fallible algorithms -- algorithms that sometimes generate incorrect advice . it is shown that interactive problem solving with a decision aid that is based on a fallible algorithm can easily result in aided performance which is poorer than unaided performance , even if the algorithm , by it ←
→ intrinsic point of interest discovery from trajectory data ; this paper presents a framework for intrinsic point of interest discovery from trajectory databases . intrinsic points of interest are regions of a geospatial area innately defined by the spatial and temporal aspects of trajectory data , and can be of varying size , shape , and resolution . any trajectory database exhibits such points of interest , and hence are intrinsic , as compared to most other point of interest definitions which are said to be extr ←
→ exact and stable covariance estimation from quadratic sampling via convex programming ; statistical inference and information processing of high - dimensional data often require efficient and accurate estimation of their second - order statistics . with rapidly changing data , limited processing power and storage at the acquisition devices , it is desirable to extract the covariance structure from a single pass over the data and a small number of stored measurements . in this paper , we explore a quadratic ( or ran ←
→ shielding google ' s language toxicity model against adversarial attacks ; lack of moderation in online communities enables participants to incur in personal aggression , harassment or cyberbullying , issues that have been accentuated by extremist radicalisation in the contemporary post - truth politics scenario . this kind of hostility is usually expressed by means of toxic language , profanity or abusive statements . recently google has developed a machine - learning - based toxicity model in an attempt to assess the ←
→ on - the - job learning with bayesian decision theory ; our goal is to deploy a high - accuracy system starting with zero training examples . we consider an " on - the - job " setting , where as inputs arrive , we use real - time crowdsourcing to resolve uncertainty where needed and output our prediction when confident . as the model improves over time , the reliance on crowdsourcing queries decreases . we cast our setting as a stochastic game based on bayesian decision theory , which allows us to balance latency , cost , and acc ←
→ distributed mapper ; the construction of mapper has emerged in the last decade as a powerful and effective topological data analysis tool that approximates and generalizes other topological summaries , such as the reeb graph , the contour tree , split , and joint trees . in this paper we study the parallel analysis of the construction of mapper . we give a provably correct algorithm to distribute mapper on a set of processors and discuss the performance results that compare our approach to a reference sequential ←
→ a systematic review of hindi prosody ; prosody describes both form and function of a sentence using the suprasegmental features of speech . prosody phenomena are explored in the domain of higher phonological constituents such as word , phonological phrase and intonational phrase . the study of prosody at the word level is called word prosody and above word level is called sentence prosody . word prosody describes stress pattern by comparing the prosodic features of its constituent syllables . sentence prosody in ←
→ a comparison of resampling and recursive partitioning methods in random forest for estimating the asymptotic variance using the infinitesimal jackknife ; the infinitesimal jackknife ( ij ) has recently been applied to the random forest to estimate its prediction variance . these theorems were verified under a traditional random forest framework which uses classification and regression trees ( cart ) and bootstrap resampling . however , random forests using conditional inference ( ci ) trees and subsampling have ←
→ neural networks for complex data ; artificial neural networks are simple and efficient machine learning tools . defined originally in the traditional setting of simple vector data , neural network models have evolved to address more and more difficulties of complex real world problems , ranging from time evolving data to sophisticated data structures such as graphs and functions . this paper summarizes advances on those themes from the last decade , with a focus on results obtained by members of the samm team of ←
→ a general methodology for the determination of 2d bodies elastic deformation invariants . application to the automatic identification of parasites ; a novel methodology is introduced here that exploits 2d images of arbitrary elastic body deformation instances , so as to quantify mechano - elastic characteristics that are deformation invariant . determination of such characteristics allows for developing methods offering an image of the undeformed body . general assumptions about the mechano - elastic properties ←
→ yet another statistical analysis of bob ross paintings ; in this paper , we analyze a sample of clippings from paintings by the late artist bob ross . previous work focused on the qualitative themes of his paintings ( hickey , 2014 ); here , we expand on that line of research by considering the colorspace and luminosity values as our data . our results demonstrate the subtle aesthetics of the average ross painting , the common variation shared by his paintings , and the structure of the relationships between each pa ←
→ an empirical analysis of approximation algorithms for the euclidean traveling salesman problem ; with applications to many disciplines , the traveling salesman problem ( tsp ) is a classical computer science optimization problem with applications to industrial engineering , theoretical computer science , bioinformatics , and several other disciplines . in recent years , there have been a plethora of novel approaches for approximate solutions ranging from simplistic greedy to cooperative distributed algorithms der ←
→ estimation of the parameters of an infectious disease model using neural networks ; in this paper , we propose a realistic mathematical model taking into account the mutual interference among the interacting populations . this model attempts to describe the control ( vaccination ) function as a function of the number of infective individuals , which is an improvement over the existing susceptible infective epidemic models . regarding the growth of the epidemic as a nonlinear phenomenon we have developed a neura ←
→ fst based morphological analyzer for hindi language ; hindi being a highly inflectional language , fst ( finite state transducer ) based approach is most efficient for developing a morphological analyzer for this language . the work presented in this paper uses the sfst ( stuttgart finite state transducer ) tool for generating the fst . a lexicon of root words is created . rules are then added for generating inflectional and derivational words from these root words . the morph analyzer developed was used in a part o ←
→ multilayer bootstrap networks ; multilayer bootstrap network builds a gradually narrowed multilayer nonlinear network from bottom up for unsupervised nonlinear dimensionality reduction . each layer of the network is a nonparametric density estimator . it consists of a group of k - centroids clusterings . each clustering randomly selects data points with randomly selected features as its centroids , and learns a one - hot encoder by one - nearest - neighbor optimization . geometrically , the nonparametric density estimato ←
→ tensorizing generative adversarial nets ; generative adversarial network ( gan ) and its variants demonstrate state - of - the - art performance in the class of generative models . to capture higher dimensional distributions , the common learning procedure requires high computational complexity and large number of parameters . in this paper , we present a new generative adversarial framework by representing each layer as a tensor structure connected by multilinear operations , aiming to reduce the number of model parame ←
→ convergence guarantees for kernel - based quadrature rules in misspecified settings ; kernel - based quadrature rules are becoming important in machine learning and statistics , as they achieve super -$\ sqrt { n }$ convergence rates in numerical integration , and thus provide alternatives to monte carlo integration in challenging settings where integrands are expensive to evaluate or where integrands are high dimensional . these rules are based on the assumption that the integrand has a certain degree of smoothness ,←
→ adaptive noise reduction scheme for salt and pepper ; in this paper , a new adaptive noise reduction scheme for images corrupted by impulse noise is presented . the proposed scheme efficiently identifies and reduces salt and pepper noise . mag ( mean absolute gradient ) is used to identify pixels which are most likely corrupted by salt and pepper noise that are candidates for further median based noise reduction processing . directional filtering is then applied after noise reduction to achieve a good tradeoff be ←
→ jointly learning sentence embeddings and syntax with unsupervised tree - lstms ; we introduce a neural network that represents sentences by composing their words according to induced binary parse trees . we use tree - lstm as our composition function , applied along a tree structure found by a fully differentiable natural language chart parser . our model simultaneously optimises both the composition function and the parser , thus eliminating the need for externally - provided parse trees which are normally require ←
→ simulation optimization of the crossdock door assignment problem ; the purpose of this report is to present the crossdock door assignment problem , which involves assigning destinations to outbound dock doors of crossdock centres such that travel distance by material handling equipment is minimized . we propose a two fold solution ; simulation and optimization of the simulation model simulation optimization . the novel aspect of our solution approach is that we intend to use simulation to derive a more realisti ←
→ a spectral optical flow method for determining velocities from digital imagery ; we present a method for determining surface flows from solar images based upon optical flow techniques . we apply the method to sets of images obtained by a variety of solar imagers to assess its performance . the {\ tt opflow3d } procedure is shown to extract accurate velocity estimates when provided perfect test data and quickly generates results consistent with completely distinct methods when applied on global scales . we also ←
→ 3d shape classification using collaborative representation based projections ; a novel 3d shape classification scheme , based on collaborative representation learning , is investigated in this work . a data - driven feature - extraction procedure , taking the form of a simple projection operator , is in the core of our methodology . provided a shape database , a graph encapsulating the structural relationships among all the available shapes , is first constructed and then employed in defining low - dimensional sparse p ←
→ forming a random field via stochastic cliques : from random graphs to fully connected random fields ; random fields have remained a topic of great interest over past decades for the purpose of structured inference , especially for problems such as image segmentation . the local nodal interactions commonly used in such models often suffer the short - boundary bias problem , which are tackled primarily through the incorporation of long - range nodal interactions . however , the issue of computational tractability bec ←
→ smart reply : automated response suggestion for email ; in this paper we propose and investigate a novel end - to - end method for automatically generating short email responses , called smart reply . it generates semantically diverse suggestions that can be used as complete email responses with just one tap on mobile . the system is currently used in inbox by gmail and is responsible for assisting with 10 % of all mobile responses . it is designed to work at very high throughput and process hundreds of millions of m ←
→ aspartame : solving constraint satisfaction problems with answer set programming ; encoding finite linear csps as boolean formulas and solving them by using modern sat solvers has proven to be highly effective , as exemplified by the award - winning sugar system . we here develop an alternative approach based on asp . this allows us to use first - order encodings providing us with a high degree of flexibility for easy experimentation with different implementations . the resulting system aspartame re - uses parts of ←
→ parameter adaptation and criticality in particle swarm optimization ; generality is one of the main advantages of heuristic algorithms , as such , multiple parameters are exposed to the user with the objective of allowing them to shape the algorithms to their specific needs . parameter selection , therefore , becomes an intrinsic problem of every heuristic algorithm . selecting good parameter values relies not only on knowledge related to the problem at hand , but to the algorithms themselves . this research explor ←
→ model - based utility functions ; orseau and ring , as well as dewey , have recently described problems , including self - delusion , with the behavior of agents using various definitions of utility functions . an agent ' s utility function is defined in terms of the agent ' s history of interactions with its environment . this paper argues , via two examples , that the behavior problems can be avoided by formulating the utility function in two steps : 1 ) inferring a model of the environment from interactions , and 2 ) comput ←
→ a correction method of a binary classifier applied to multi - label pairwise models ; in this work , we addressed the issue of applying a stochastic classifier and a local , fuzzy confusion matrix under the framework of multi - label classification . we proposed a novel solution to the problem of correcting label pairwise ensembles . the main step of the correction procedure is to compute classifier - specific competence and cross - competence measures , which estimates error pattern of the underlying classifier . we ←
→ inference of sparse networks with unobserved variables . application to gene regulatory networks ; networks are a unifying framework for modeling complex systems and network inference problems are frequently encountered in many fields . here , i develop and apply a generative approach to network inference ( rcweb ) for the case when the network is sparse and the latent ( not observed ) variables affect the observed ones . from all possible factor analysis ( fa ) decompositions explaining the variance in the data , r ←
→ graatp : a graph theoretic approach for automated theorem proving in plane geometry ; automated theorem proving ( atp ) is an established branch of artificial intelligence . the purpose of atp is to design a system which can automatically figure out an algorithm either to prove or disprove a mathematical claim , on the basis of a set of given premises , using a set of fundamental postulates and following the method of logical inference . in this paper , we propose graatp , a generalized framework for automated the ←
→ hci and educational metrics as tools for vle evaluation ; the general set of hci and educational principles are considered and a classification system constructed . a frequency analysis of principles is used to obtain the most significant set . metrics are devised to provide objective measures of these principles and a consistent testing regime devised . these principles are used to analyse blackboard and moodle .←
→ marginal likelihoods for distributed parameter estimation of gaussian graphical models ; we consider distributed estimation of the inverse covariance matrix , also called the concentration or precision matrix , in gaussian graphical models . traditional centralized estimation often requires global inference of the covariance matrix , which can be computationally intensive in large dimensions . approximate inference based on message - passing algorithms , on the other hand , can lead to unstable and biased estimati ←
→ the physical systems behind optimization algorithms ; we use differential equations based approaches to provide some {\ it \ textbf { physics }} insights into analyzing the dynamics of popular optimization algorithms in machine learning . in particular , we study gradient descent , proximal gradient descent , coordinate gradient descent , proximal coordinate gradient , and newton ' s methods as well as their nesterov ' s accelerated variants in a unified framework motivated by a natural connection of optimization algorith ←
→ gitgraph - architecture search space creation through frequent computational subgraph mining ; the dramatic success of deep neural networks across multiple application areas often relies on experts painstakingly designing a network architecture specific to each task . to simplify this process and make it more accessible , an emerging research effort seeks to automate the design of neural network architectures , using e . g . evolutionary algorithms or reinforcement learning or simple search in a constrained spa ←
→ a plea for neutral comparison studies in computational sciences ; in a context where most published articles are devoted to the development of " new methods ", comparison studies are generally appreciated by readers but surprisingly given poor consideration by many scientific journals . in connection with recent articles on over - optimism and epistemology published in bioinformatics , this letter stresses the importance of neutral comparison studies for the objective evaluation of existing methods and the establ ←
→ gesture recognition with a focus on important actions by using a path searching method in weighted graph ; this paper proposes a method of gesture recognition with a focus on important actions for distinguishing similar gestures . the method generates a partial action sequence by using optical flow images , expresses the sequence in the eigenspace , and checks the feature vector sequence by applying an optimum path - searching method of weighted graph to focus the important actions . also presented are the resu ←
→ predicting the law area and decisions of french supreme court cases ; in this paper , we investigate the application of text classification methods to predict the law area and the decision of cases judged by the french supreme court . we also investigate the influence of the time period in which a ruling was made over the textual form of the case description and the extent to which it is necessary to mask the judge ' s motivation for a ruling to emulate a real - world test scenario . we report results of 96 % f1 sc ←
→ convolutional radio modulation recognition networks ; we study the adaptation of convolutional neural networks to the complex temporal radio signal domain . we compare the efficacy of radio modulation classification using naively learned features against using expert features which are widely used in the field today and we show significant performance improvements . we show that blind temporal learning on large and densely encoded time series using deep convolutional neural networks is viable and a strong can ←
→ improving term extraction with terminological resources ; studies of different term extractors on a corpus of the biomedical domain revealed decreasing performances when applied to highly technical texts . the difficulty or impossibility of customising them to new domains is an additional limitation . in this paper , we propose to use external terminologies to influence generic linguistic data in order to augment the quality of the extraction . the tool we implemented exploits testified terms at different steps ←
→ an ensemble blocking scheme for entity resolution of large and sparse datasets ; entity resolution , also called record linkage or deduplication , refers to the process of identifying and merging duplicate versions of the same entity into a unified representation . the standard practice is to use a rule based or machine learning based model that compares entity pairs and assigns a score to represent the pairs ' match / non - match status . however , performing an exhaustive pair - wise comparison on all pairs of reco ←
→ learning a target sample re - generator for cross - database micro - expression recognition ; in this paper , we investigate the cross - database micro - expression recognition problem , where the training and testing samples are from two different micro - expression databases . under this setting , the training and testing samples would have different feature distributions and hence the performance of most existing micro - expression recognition methods may decrease greatly . to solve this problem , we propose a simple yet ←
→ geometric affordances from a single example via the interaction tensor ; this paper develops and evaluates a new tensor field representation to express the geometric affordance of one object over another . we expand the well known bisector surface representation to one that is weight - driven and that retains the provenance of surface points with directional vectors . we also incorporate the notion of affordance keypoints which allow for faster decisions at a point of query and with a compact and straightforwar ←
→ transferring agent behaviors from videos via motion gans ; a major bottleneck for developing general reinforcement learning agents is determining rewards that will yield desirable behaviors under various circumstances . we introduce a general mechanism for automatically specifying meaningful behaviors from raw pixels . in particular , we train a generative adversarial network to produce short sub - goals represented through motion templates . we demonstrate that this approach generates visually meaningful behavio ←
→ spacetimes with semantics ( iii ) - the structure of functional knowledge representation and artificial reasoning ; using the previously developed concepts of semantic spacetime , i explore the interpretation of knowledge representations , and their structure , as a semantic system , within the framework of promise theory . by assigning interpretations to phenomena , from observers to observed , we may approach a simple description of knowledge - based functional systems , with direct practical utility . the focus is ←
→ joint indoor localization and radio map construction with limited deployment load ; one major bottleneck in the practical implementation of received signal strength ( rss ) based indoor localization systems is the extensive deployment efforts required to construct the radio maps through fingerprinting . in this paper , we aim to design an indoor localization scheme that can be directly employed without building a full fingerprinted radio map of the indoor environment . by accumulating the information of locali ←
→ conditional variance penalties and domain shift robustness ; when training a deep network for image classification , one can broadly distinguish between two types of latent features of images that will drive the classification . following the notation of gong et al . ( 2016 ), we can divide latent features into ( i ) " core " features $ x ^\ text { core }$ whose distribution $ x ^\ text { core }\ vert y $ does not change substantially across domains and ( ii ) " style " features $ x ^{\ text { style }}$ whose distribution $ x ^{\ text { style }}←
→ from adp to the brain : foundations , roadmap , challenges and research priorities ; this paper defines and discusses mouse level computational intelligence ( mlci ) as a grand challenge for the coming century . it provides a specific roadmap to reach that target , citing relevant work and review papers and discussing the relation to funding priorities in two nsf funding activities : the ongoing energy , power and adaptive systems program ( epas ) and the recent initiative in cognitive optimization and prediction ( c ←
→ large - margin metric learning for partitioning problems ; in this paper , we consider unsupervised partitioning problems , such as clustering , image segmentation , video segmentation and other change - point detection problems . we focus on partitioning problems based explicitly or implicitly on the minimization of euclidean distortions , which include mean - based change - point detection , k - means , spectral clustering and normalized cuts . our main goal is to learn a mahalanobis metric for these unsupervised problems , ←
→ a distance for hmms based on aggregated wasserstein metric and state registration ; we propose a framework , named aggregated wasserstein , for computing a dissimilarity measure or distance between two hidden markov models with state conditional distributions being gaussian . for such hmms , the marginal distribution at any time spot follows a gaussian mixture distribution , a fact exploited to softly match , aka register , the states in two hmms . we refer to such hmms as gaussian mixture model - hmm ( gmm - hmm ). th ←
→ complete 3d scene parsing from single rgbd image ; inferring the location , shape , and class of each object in a single image is an important task in computer vision . in this paper , we aim to predict the full 3d parse of both visible and occluded portions of the scene from one rgbd image . we parse the scene by modeling objects as detailed cad models with class labels and layouts as 3d planes . such an interpretation is useful for visual reasoning and robotics , but difficult to produce due to the high degree o ←
→ evidential supplier selection based on interval data fusion ; supplier selection is a typical multi - criteria decision making ( mcdm ) problem and lots of uncertain information exist inevitably . to address this issue , a new method was proposed based on interval data fusion . our method follows the original way to generate classical basic probability assignment ( bpa ) determined by the distance among the evidences . however , the weights of criteria are kept as interval numbers to generate interval bpas and do the f ←
→ inverse signal classification for financial instruments ; the paper presents new machine learning methods : signal composition , which classifies time - series regardless of length , type , and quantity ; and self - labeling , a supervised - learning enhancement . the paper describes further the implementation of the methods on a financial search engine system using a collection of 7 , 881 financial instruments traded during 2011 to identify inverse behavior among the time - series .←
→ distribution - dependent sample complexity of large margin learning ; we obtain a tight distribution - specific characterization of the sample complexity of large - margin classification with l2 regularization : we introduce the margin - adapted dimension , which is a simple function of the second order statistics of the data distribution , and show distribution - specific upper and lower bounds on the sample complexity , both governed by the margin - adapted dimension of the data distribution . the upper bounds are univers ←
→ specious rules : an efficient and effective unifying method for removing misleading and uninformative patterns in association rule mining ; we present theoretical analysis and a suite of tests and procedures for addressing a broad class of redundant and misleading association rules we call \ emph { specious rules }. specious dependencies , also known as \ emph { spurious }, \ emph { apparent }, or \ emph { illusory associations }, refer to a well - known phenomenon where marginal dependencies are merely products of interacti ←
→ back analysis of microplane model parameters using soft computing methods ; a new procedure based on layered feed - forward neural networks for the microplane material model parameters identification is proposed in the present paper . novelties are usage of the latin hypercube sampling method for the generation of training sets , a systematic employment of stochastic sensitivity analysis and a genetic algorithm - based training of a neural network by an evolutionary algorithm . advantages and disadvantages of th ←
→ survey of nearest neighbor techniques ; the nearest neighbor ( nn ) technique is very simple , highly efficient and effective in the field of pattern recognition , text categorization , object recognition etc . its simplicity is its main advantage , but the disadvantages can ' t be ignored even . the memory requirement and computation complexity also matter . many techniques are developed to overcome these limitations . nn techniques are broadly classified into structure less and structure based techniques . in this pap ←
→ learning a virtual codec based on deep convolutional neural network to compress image ; although deep convolutional neural network has been proved to efficiently eliminate coding artifacts caused by the coarse quantization of traditional codec , it ' s difficult to train any neural network in front of the encoder for gradient ' s back - propagation . in this paper , we propose an end - to - end image compression framework based on convolutional neural network to resolve the problem of non - differentiability of the quan ←
→ tight bounds for learning a mixture of two gaussians ; we consider the problem of identifying the parameters of an unknown mixture of two arbitrary $ d $- dimensional gaussians from a sequence of independent random samples . our main results are upper and lower bounds giving a computationally efficient moment - based estimator with an optimal convergence rate , thus resolving a problem introduced by pearson ( 1894 ). denoting by $\ sigma ^ 2 $ the variance of the unknown mixture , we prove that $\ theta (\ sigma ^{ 12 })$ samp ←
→ magic inference rules for probabilistic deduction under taxonomic knowledge ; we present locally complete inference rules for probabilistic deduction from taxonomic and probabilistic knowledge - bases over conjunctive events . crucially , in contrast to similar inference rules in the literature , our inference rules are locally complete for conjunctive events and under additional taxonomic knowledge . we discover that our inference rules are extremely complex and that it is at first glance not clear at all wher ←
→ one network to solve them all --- solving linear inverse problems using deep projection models ; while deep learning methods have achieved state - of - the - art performance in many challenging inverse problems like image inpainting and super - resolution , they invariably involve problem - specific training of the networks . under this approach , different problems require different networks . in scenarios where we need to solve a wide variety of problems , e . g ., on a mobile camera , it is inefficient and costly to use ←
→ duluth at semeval - 2017 task 7 : puns upon a midnight dreary , lexical semantics for the weak and weary ; this paper describes the duluth systems that participated in semeval - 2017 task 7 : detection and interpretation of english puns . the duluth systems participated in all three subtasks , and relied on methods that included word sense disambiguation and measures of semantic relatedness .←
→ optimal experiment design for causal discovery from fixed number of experiments ; we study the problem of causal structure learning over a set of random variables when the experimenter is allowed to perform at most $ m $ experiments in a non - adaptive manner . we consider the optimal learning strategy in terms of minimizing the portions of the structure that remains unknown given the limited number of experiments in both bayesian and minimax setting . we characterize the theoretical optimal solution and propos ←
→ normalized maximum likelihood coding for exponential family with its applications to optimal clustering ; we are concerned with the issue of how to calculate the normalized maximum likelihood ( nml ) code - length . there is a problem that the normalization term of the nml code - length may diverge when it is continuous and unbounded and a straightforward computation of it is highly expensive when the data domain is finite . in previous works it has been investigated how to calculate the nml code - length for spec ←
→ data mining : a prediction for performance improvement of engineering students using classification ; now - a - days the amount of data stored in educational database increasing rapidly . these databases contain hidden information for improvement of students ' performance . educational data mining is used to study the data available in the educational field and bring out the hidden knowledge from it . classification methods like decision trees , bayesian network etc can be applied on the educational data for predic ←
→ arguing machines : perception - control system redundancy and edge case discovery in real - world autonomous driving ; safe autonomous driving may be one of the most difficult engineering challenges that any artificial intelligence system has been asked to do since the birth of ai over sixty years ago . the difficulty is not within the task itself , but rather in the extremely small margin of allowable error given the human life at stake and the extremely large number of edge cases that have to be accounted for .←
→ detecting dominant vanishing points in natural scenes with application to composition - sensitive image retrieval ; linear perspective is widely used in landscape photography to create the impression of depth on a 2d photo . automated understanding of linear perspective in landscape photography has several real - world applications , including aesthetics assessment , image retrieval , and on - site feedback for photo composition , yet adequate automated understanding has been elusive . we address this problem by dete ←
→ zoopt : toolbox for derivative - free optimization ; recent advances of derivative - free optimization allow efficient approximating the global optimal solutions of sophisticated functions , such as functions with many local optima , non - differentiable and non - continuous functions . this article describes the zoopt ( https :// github . com / eyounx / zoopt ) toolbox that provides efficient derivative - free solvers and are designed easy to use . zoopt provides a python package for single - thread optimization , and a light - weighte ←
→ revisiting k - means : new algorithms via bayesian nonparametrics ; bayesian models offer great flexibility for clustering applications --- bayesian nonparametrics can be used for modeling infinite mixtures , and hierarchical bayesian models can be utilized for sharing clusters across multiple data sets . for the most part , such flexibility is lacking in classical clustering methods such as k - means . in this paper , we revisit the k - means clustering algorithm from a bayesian nonparametric viewpoint . inspired by the ←
→ transfer learning for material classification using convolutional networks ; material classification in natural settings is a challenge due to complex interplay of geometry , reflectance properties , and illumination . previous work on material classification relies strongly on hand - engineered features of visual samples . in this work we use a convolutional neural network ( convnet ) that learns descriptive features for the specific task of material recognition . specifically , transfer learning from the task of ←
→ representing verbs as argument concepts ; verbs play an important role in the understanding of natural language text . this paper studies the problem of abstracting the subject and object arguments of a verb into a set of noun concepts , known as the " argument concepts ". this set of concepts , whose size is parameterized , represents the fine - grained semantics of a verb . for example , the object of " enjoy " can be abstracted into time , hobby and event , etc . we present a novel framework to automatically infer huma ←
→ efficient adaptive compressive sensing using sparse hierarchical learned dictionaries ; recent breakthrough results in compressed sensing ( cs ) have established that many high dimensional objects can be accurately recovered from a relatively small number of non - adaptive linear projection observations , provided that the objects possess a sparse representation in some basis . subsequent efforts have shown that the performance of cs can be improved by exploiting the structure in the location of the non - zero s ←
→ efficient segmental cascades for speech recognition ; discriminative segmental models offer a way to incorporate flexible feature functions into speech recognition . however , their appeal has been limited by their computational requirements , due to the large number of possible segments to consider . multi - pass cascades of segmental models introduce features of increasing complexity in different passes , where in each pass a segmental model rescores lattices produced by a previous ( simpler ) segmental model . in ←
→ endnet : sparse autoencoder network for endmember extraction and hyperspectral unmixing ; data acquired from multi - channel sensors is a highly valuable asset to interpret the environment for a variety of remote sensing applications . however , low spatial resolution is a critical limitation for the sensors and the constituent materials of a scene can be mixed in different fractions due to their spatial interactions . spectral unmixing is a technique that allows us to obtain the material spectral signatures wi ←
→ charda : causal hybrid automata recovery via dynamic analysis ; we propose and evaluate a new technique for learning hybrid automata automatically by observing the runtime behavior of a dynamical system . working from a sequence of continuous state values and predicates about the environment , charda recovers the distinct dynamic modes , learns a model for each mode from a given set of templates , and postulates causal guard conditions which trigger transitions between modes . our main contribution is the use of ←
→ policy optimization by genetic distillation ; genetic algorithms have been widely used in many practical optimization problems . inspired by natural selection , operators , including mutation , crossover and selection , provide effective heuristics for search and black - box optimization . however , they have not been shown useful for deep reinforcement learning , possibly due to the catastrophic consequence of parameter crossovers of neural networks . here , we present genetic policy optimization ( gpo ), a new genetic ←
→ win prediction in esports : mixed - rank match prediction in multi - player online battle arena games ; esports has emerged as a popular genre for players as well as spectators , supporting a global entertainment industry . esports analytics has evolved to address the requirement for data - driven feedback , and is focused on cyber - athlete evaluation , strategy and prediction . towards the latter , previous work has used match data from a variety of player ranks from hobbyist to professional players . however , professi ←
→ dependent indian buffet process - based sparse nonparametric nonnegative matrix factorization ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) aims to factorize a matrix into two optimized nonnegative matrices appropriate for the intended applications . the method has been widely used for unsupervised learning tasks , including recommender systems ( rating matrix of users by items ) and document clustering ( weighting matrix of papers by keywords ). however , traditional nmf methods typically assume the number of latent f ←
→ genetic algorithm ( ga ) in feature selection for crf based manipuri multiword expression ( mwe ) identification ; this paper deals with the identification of multiword expressions ( mwes ) in manipuri , a highly agglutinative indian language . manipuri is listed in the eight schedule of indian constitution . mwe plays an important role in the applications of natural language processing ( nlp ) like machine translation , part of speech tagging , information retrieval , question answering etc . feature selection is an imp ←
→ turkergaze : crowdsourcing saliency with webcam based eye tracking ; traditional eye tracking requires specialized hardware , which means collecting gaze data from many observers is expensive , tedious and slow . therefore , existing saliency prediction datasets are order - of - magnitudes smaller than typical datasets for other vision recognition tasks . the small size of these datasets limits the potential for training data intensive algorithms , and causes overfitting in benchmark evaluation . to address this defici ←
→ constraints , lazy constraints , or propagators in asp solving : an empirical analysis ; answer set programming ( asp ) is a well - established declarative paradigm . one of the successes of asp is the availability of efficient systems . state - of - the - art systems are based on the ground + solve approach . in some applications this approach is infeasible because the grounding of one or few constraints is expensive . in this paper , we systematically compare alternative strategies to avoid the instantiation of problematic ←
→ ensemble clustering with logic rules ; in this article , the logic rule ensembles approach to supervised learning is applied to the unsupervised or semi - supervised clustering . logic rules which were obtained by combining simple conjunctive rules are used to partition the input space and an ensemble of these rules is used to define a similarity matrix . similarity partitioning is used to partition the data in an hierarchical manner . we have used internal and external measures of cluster validity to evaluate th ←
→ learning to segment on tiny datasets : a new shape model ; current object segmentation algorithms are based on the hypothesis that one has access to a very large amount of data . in this paper , we aim to segment objects using only tiny datasets . to this extent , we propose a new automatic part - based object segmentation algorithm for non - deformable and semi - deformable objects in natural backgrounds . we have developed a novel shape descriptor which models the local boundaries of an object ' s part . this shape desc ←
→ increasing compression ratio in png images by k - modulus method for image transformation ; image compression is an important filed in image processing . the science welcomes any tinny contribution that may increase the compression ratio by whichever insignificant percentage . therefore , the essential contribution in this paper is to increase the compression ratio for the well known portable network graphics ( png ) image file format . the contribution starts with converting the original png image into k - modulus ←
→ exploiting convnet diversity for flooding identification ; flooding is the world ' s most costly type of natural disaster in terms of both economic losses and human causalities . a first and essential procedure towards flood monitoring is based on identifying the area most vulnerable to flooding , which gives authorities relevant regions to focus . in this work , we propose several methods to perform flooding identification in high - resolution remote sensing images using deep learning . specifically , some proposed ←
→ explaining transition systems through program induction ; explaining and reasoning about processes which underlie observed black - box phenomena enables the discovery of causal mechanisms , derivation of suitable abstract representations and the formulation of more robust predictions . we propose to learn high level functional programs in order to represent abstract models which capture the invariant structure in the observed data . we introduce the $\ pi $- machine ( program - induction machine ) -- an architecture ab ←
→ interpolable formulas in equilibrium logic and answer set programming ; interpolation is an important property of classical and many non - classical logics that has been shown to have interesting applications in computer science and ai . here we study the interpolation property for the the non - monotonic system of equilibrium logic , establishing weaker or stronger forms of interpolation depending on the precise interpretation of the inference relation . these results also yield a form of interpolation for ground ←
→ an identity for kernel ridge regression ; this paper derives an identity connecting the square loss of ridge regression in on - line mode with the loss of the retrospectively best regressor . some corollaries about the properties of the cumulative loss of on - line ridge regression are also obtained .←
→ size vs . structure in training corpora for word embedding models : araneum russicum maximum and russian national corpus ; in this paper , we present a distributional word embedding model trained on one of the largest available russian corpora : araneum russicum maximum ( over 10 billion words crawled from the web ). we compare this model to the model trained on the russian national corpus ( rnc ). the two corpora are much different in their size and compilation procedures . we test these differences by evaluating ←
→ style2vec : representation learning for fashion items from style sets ; with the rapid growth of online fashion market , demand for effective fashion recommendation systems has never been greater . in fashion recommendation , the ability to find items that goes well with a few other items based on style is more important than picking a single item based on the user ' s entire purchase history . since the same user may have purchased dress suits in one month and casual denims in another , it is impossible to learn t ←
→ aspect based sentiment analysis to extract meticulous opinion value ; opinion mining and sentiment analysis is a process of identifying opinions in large unstructured / structured data and then analysing polarity of those opinions . opinion mining and sentiment analysis have found vast application in analysing online ratings , analysing product based reviews , e - governance , and managing hostile content over the internet . this paper proposes an algorithm to implement aspect level sentiment analysis . the algorithm ←
→ semantic web search based on ontology modeling using protege reasoner ; the semantic web works on the existing web which presents the meaning of information as well - defined vocabularies understood by the people . semantic search , at the same time , works on improving the accuracy if a search by understanding the intent of the search and providing contextually relevant results . this paper describes a semantic approach toward web search through a php application . the goal was to parse through a user ' s browsing ←
→ augmented space linear model ; the linear model uses the space defined by the input to project the target or desired signal and find the optimal set of model parameters . when the problem is nonlinear , the adaption requires nonlinear models for good performance , but it becomes slower and more cumbersome . in this paper , we propose a linear model called augmented space linear model ( aslm ), which uses the full joint space of input and desired signal as the projection space and approaches the performance of nonl ←
→ eurosat : a novel dataset and deep learning benchmark for land use and land cover classification ; in this paper , we address the challenge of land use and land cover classification using remote sensing satellite images . for this challenging task , we use the openly and freely accessible sentinel - 2 satellite images provided within the scope of the earth observation program copernicus . the key contributions are as follows . we present a novel dataset based on satellite images covering 13 different spectral ban ←
→ episodic exploration for deep deterministic policies : an application to starcraft micromanagement tasks ; we consider scenarios from the real - time strategy game starcraft as new benchmarks for reinforcement learning algorithms . we propose micromanagement tasks , which present the problem of the short - term , low - level control of army members during a battle . from a reinforcement learning point of view , these scenarios are challenging because the state - action space is very large , and because there is no obvio ←
→ evolutionary demographic algorithms ; most of the problems in genetic algorithms are very complex and demand a large amount of resources that current technology can not offer . our purpose was to develop a java - jini distributed library that implements genetic algorithms with sub - populations ( coarse grain ) and a graphical interface in order to configure and follow the evolution of the search . the sub - populations are simulated / evaluated in personal computers connected trough a network , keeping in mind differen ←
→ efficient approximations for the marginal likelihood of incomplete data given a bayesian network ; we discuss bayesian methods for learning bayesian networks when data sets are incomplete . in particular , we examine asymptotic approximations for the marginal likelihood of incomplete data given a bayesian network . we consider the laplace approximation and the less accurate but more efficient bic / mdl approximation . we also consider approximations proposed by draper ( 1993 ) and cheeseman and stutz ( 1995 ). thes ←
→ using external sources of bilingual information for on - the - fly word alignment ; in this paper we present a new and simple language - independent method for word - alignment based on the use of external sources of bilingual information such as machine translation systems . we show that the few parameters of the aligner can be trained on a very small corpus , which leads to results comparable to those obtained by the state - of - the - art tool giza ++ in terms of precision . regarding other metrics , such as alignment er ←
→ robust subspace clustering ; subspace clustering refers to the task of finding a multi - subspace representation that best fits a collection of points taken from a high - dimensional space . this paper introduces an algorithm inspired by sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ) [ in ieee conference on computer vision and pattern recognition , cvpr ( 2009 ) 2790 - 2797 ] to cluster noisy data , and develops some novel theory demonstrating its correctness . in particular , the theory uses ideas from geometric functional analysis to ←
→ multi - view spectral clustering via structured low - rank matrix factorization ; multi - view data clustering attracts more attention than their single view counterparts due to the fact that leveraging multiple independent and complementary information from multi - view feature spaces outperforms the single one . multi - view spectral clustering aims at yielding the data partition agreement over their local manifold structures by seeking eigenvalue - eigenvector decompositions . however , as we observed , such classical ←
→ neural perceptual model to global - local vision for recognition of the logical structure of administrative documents ; this paper gives the definition of transparent neural network " tnn " for the simulation of the globallocal vision and its application to the segmentation of administrative document image . we have developed and have adapted a recognition method which models the contextual effects reported from studies in experimental psychology . then , we evaluated and tested the tnn and the multi - layer perce ←
→ deep fruit detection in orchards ; an accurate and reliable image based fruit detection system is critical for supporting higher level agriculture tasks such as yield mapping and robotic harvesting . this paper presents the use of a state - of - the - art object detection framework , faster r - cnn , in the context of fruit detection in orchards , including mangoes , almonds and apples . ablation studies are presented to better understand the practical deployment of the detection network , including how much training data ←
→ inducing interpretable voting classifiers without trading accuracy for simplicity : theoretical results , approximation algorithms ; recent advances in the study of voting classification algorithms have brought empirical and theoretical results clearly showing the discrimination power of ensemble classifiers . it has been previously argued that the search of this classification power in the design of the algorithms has marginalized the need to obtain interpretable classifiers . therefore , the question of whet ←
→ how grammatical is character - level neural machine translation ? assessing mt quality with contrastive translation pairs ; analysing translation quality in regards to specific linguistic phenomena has historically been difficult and time - consuming . neural machine translation has the attractive property that it can produce scores for arbitrary translations , and we propose a novel method to assess how well nmt systems model specific linguistic phenomena such as agreement over long distances , the production of ←
→ nonmonotonic reasoning via possibility theory ; we introduce the operation of possibility qualification and show how . this modal - like operator can be used to represent " typical " or default knowledge in a theory of nonmonotonic reasoning . we investigate the representational power of this approach by looking at a number of prototypical problems from the nonmonotonic reasoning literature . in particular we look at the so called yale shooting problem and its relation to priority in default reasoning .←
→ the max $ k $- armed bandit : pac lower bounds and efficient algorithms ; we consider the max $ k $- armed bandit problem , where a learning agent is faced with several stochastic arms , each a source of i . i . d . rewards of unknown distribution . at each time step the agent chooses an arm , and observes the reward of the obtained sample . each sample is considered here as a separate item with the reward designating its value , and the goal is to find an item with the highest possible value . our basic assumption is a known ←
→ a knowledge - grounded neural conversation model ; neural network models are capable of generating extremely natural sounding conversational interactions . nevertheless , these models have yet to demonstrate that they can incorporate content in the form of factual information or entity - grounded opinion that would enable them to serve in more task - oriented conversational applications . this paper presents a novel , fully data - driven , and knowledge - grounded neural conversation model aimed at producing more contentf ←
→ the hybrid bootstrap : a drop - in replacement for dropout ; regularization is an important component of predictive model building . the hybrid bootstrap is a regularization technique that functions similarly to dropout except that features are resampled from other training points rather than replaced with zeros . we show that the hybrid bootstrap offers superior performance to dropout . we also present a sampling based technique to simplify hyperparameter choice . next , we provide an alternative sampling techniqu ←
→ fuzzy object - oriented dynamic networks . i ; the concepts of fuzzy objects and their classes are described that make it possible to structurally represent knowledge about fuzzy and partially - defined objects and their classes . operations over such objects and classes are also proposed that make it possible to obtain sets and new classes of fuzzy objects and also to model variations in object structures under the influence of external factors .←
→ stochastic gradient hamiltonian monte carlo ; hamiltonian monte carlo ( hmc ) sampling methods provide a mechanism for defining distant proposals with high acceptance probabilities in a metropolis - hastings framework , enabling more efficient exploration of the state space than standard random - walk proposals . the popularity of such methods has grown significantly in recent years . however , a limitation of hmc methods is the required gradient computation for simulation of the hamiltonian dynamical system - such com ←
→ sensing - aware kernel svm ; we propose a novel approach for designing kernels for support vector machines ( svms ) when the class label is linked to the observation through a latent state and the likelihood function of the observation given the state ( the sensing model ) is available . we show that the bayes - optimum decision boundary is a hyperplane under a mapping defined by the likelihood function . combining this with the maximum margin principle yields kernels for svms that leverage knowledge of the sensing m ←
→ detection - aided liver lesion segmentation using deep learning ; a fully automatic technique for segmenting the liver and localizing its unhealthy tissues is a convenient tool in order to diagnose hepatic diseases and assess the response to the according treatments . in this work we propose a method to segment the liver and its lesions from computed tomography ( ct ) scans using convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), that have proven good results in a variety of computer vision tasks , including medical imaging . ←
→ l0 sparse inverse covariance estimation ; recently , there has been focus on penalized log - likelihood covariance estimation for sparse inverse covariance ( precision ) matrices . the penalty is responsible for inducing sparsity , and a very common choice is the convex $ l_1 $ norm . however , the best estimator performance is not always achieved with this penalty . the most natural sparsity promoting " norm " is the non - convex $ l_0 $ penalty but its lack of convexity has deterred its use in sparse maximum likelihood est ←
→ an effective fingerprint verification technique ; this paper presents an effective method for fingerprint verification based on a data mining technique called minutiae clustering and a graph - theoretic approach to analyze the process of fingerprint comparison to give a feature space representation of minutiae and to produce a lower bound on the number of detectably distinct fingerprints . the method also proving the invariance of each individual fingerprint by using both the topological behavior of the minuti ←
→ robustness of anytime bandit policies ; this paper studies the deviations of the regret in a stochastic multi - armed bandit problem . when the total number of plays n is known beforehand by the agent , audibert et al . ( 2009 ) exhibit a policy such that with probability at least 1 - 1 / n , the regret of the policy is of order log ( n ). they have also shown that such a property is not shared by the popular ucb1 policy of auer et al . ( 2002 ). this work first answers an open question : it extends this negative result to an ←
→ underwater object classification using scattering transform of sonar signals ; in this paper , we apply the scattering transform ( st ), a nonlinear map based off of a convolutional neural network ( cnn ), to classification of underwater objects using sonar signals . the st formalizes the observation that the filters learned by a cnn have wavelet like structure . we achieve effective binary classification both on a real dataset of unexploded ordinance ( uxos ), as well as synthetically generated examples . we also ←
→ shareboost : efficient multiclass learning with feature sharing ; multiclass prediction is the problem of classifying an object into a relevant target class . we consider the problem of learning a multiclass predictor that uses only few features , and in particular , the number of used features should increase sub - linearly with the number of possible classes . this implies that features should be shared by several classes . we describe and analyze the shareboost algorithm for learning a multiclass predictor that ←
→ finite - dimensional gaussian approximation with linear inequality constraints ; introducing inequality constraints in gaussian process ( gp ) models can lead to more realistic uncertainties in learning a great variety of real - world problems . we consider the finite - dimensional gaussian approach from maatouk and bay ( 2017 ) which can satisfy inequality conditions everywhere ( either boundedness , monotonicity or convexity ). our contributions are threefold . first , we extend their approach in order to deal with gen ←
→ cover : learning covariate - specific vector representations with tensor decompositions ; word embedding is a useful approach to capture co - occurrence structures in a large corpus of text . in addition to the text data itself , we often have additional covariates associated with individual documents in the corpus --- e . g . the demographic of the author , time and venue of publication , etc .--- and we would like the embedding to naturally capture the information of the covariates . in this paper , we propose cover , a n ←
→ efficient geometric - based computation of the string subsequence kernel ; kernel methods are powerful tools in machine learning . they have to be computationally efficient . in this paper , we present a novel geometric - based approach to compute efficiently the string subsequence kernel ( ssk ). our main idea is that the ssk computation reduces to range query problem . we started by the construction of a match list $ l ( s , t )=\{( i , j ): s_ { i }= t_ { j }\}$ where $ s $ and $ t $ are the strings to be compared ; such match list cont ←
→ online auctions and multi - scale online learning ; we consider revenue maximization in online auctions and pricing . a seller sells an identical item in each period to a new buyer , or a new set of buyers . for the online posted pricing problem , we show regret bounds that scale with the best fixed price , rather than the range of the values . we also show regret bounds that are almost scale free , and match the offline sample complexity , when comparing to a benchmark that requires a lower bound on the market share ←
→ the meaning of manufacturing know - how ; this paper investigates the phenomenon of manufacturing know - how . first , the abstract notion of knowledge is discussed , and a terminological basis is introduced to treat know - how as a kind of knowledge . next , a brief survey of the recently reported works dealt with manufacturing know - how is presented , and an explicit definition of know - how is formulated . finally , the problem of utilizing know - how with knowledge - based systems is analyzed , and some ideas useful for its ←
→ decomposition - based domain adaptation for real - world font recognition ; we present a domain adaption framework to address a domain mismatch between synthetic training and real - world testing data . we demonstrate our method on a challenging fine - grain classification problem : recognizing a font style from an image of text . in this task , it is very easy to generate lots of rendered font examples but very hard to obtain real - world labeled images . this real - to - synthetic domain gap caused poor generalization to ne ←
→ demeshnet : blind face inpainting for deep meshface verification ; meshface photos have been widely used in many chinese business organizations to protect id face photos from being misused . the occlusions incurred by random meshes severely degenerate the performance of face verification systems , which raises the meshface verification problem between meshface and daily photos . previous methods cast this problem as a typical low - level vision problem , i . e . blind inpainting . they recover perceptually pleasing cl ←
→ recognition of convolutional neural network based on cuda technology ; for the problem whether graphic processing unit ( gpu ), the stream processor with high performance of floating - point computing is applicable to neural networks , this paper proposes the parallel recognition algorithm of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). it adopts compute unified device architecture ( cuda ) technology , definite the parallel data structures , and describes the mapping mechanism for computing tasks on cuda . it compares the parall ←
→ case study : explaining diabetic retinopathy detection deep cnns via integrated gradients ; in this report , we applied integrated gradients to explaining a neural network for diabetic retinopathy detection . the integrated gradient is an attribution method which measures the contributions of input to the quantity of interest . we explored some new ways for applying this method such as explaining intermediate layers , filtering out unimportant units by their attribution value and generating contrary samples . m ←
→ on theorem 2 . 3 in " prediction , learning , and games " by cesa - bianchi and lugosi ; the note presents a modified proof of a loss bound for the exponentially weighted average forecaster with time - varying potential . the regret term of the algorithm is upper - bounded by sqrt { n ln ( n )} ( uniformly in n ), where n is the number of experts and n is the number of steps .←
→ on multi - view feature learning ; sparse coding is a common approach to learning local features for object recognition . recently , there has been an increasing interest in learning features from spatio - temporal , binocular , or other multi - observation data , where the goal is to encode the relationship between images rather than the content of a single image . we provide an analysis of multi - view feature learning , which shows that hidden variables encode transformations by detecting rotation angles in the eigensp ←
→ convolutional neural network for stereotypical motor movement detection in autism ; autism spectrum disorders ( asds ) are often associated with specific atypical postural or motor behaviors , of which stereotypical motor movements ( smms ) have a specific visibility . while the identification and the quantification of smm patterns remain complex , its automation would provide support to accurate tuning of the intervention in the therapy of autism . therefore , it is essential to develop automatic smm detection sy ←
→ tree transducers , machine translation , and cross - language divergences ; tree transducers are formal automata that transform trees into other trees . many varieties of tree transducers have been explored in the automata theory literature , and more recently , in the machine translation literature . in this paper i review t and xt transducers , situate them among related formalisms , and show how they can be used to implement rules for machine translation systems that cover all of the cross - language structural dive ←
→ m - fish karyotyping - a new approach based on watershed transform ; karyotyping is a process in which chromosomes in a dividing cell are properly stained , identified and displayed in a standard format , which helps geneticist to study and diagnose genetic factors behind various genetic diseases and for studying cancer . m - fish ( multiplex fluorescent in - situ hybridization ) provides color karyotyping . in this paper , an automated method for m - fish chromosome segmentation based on watershed transform followed by n ←
→ morphological analysis for the maltese language : the challenges of a hybrid system ; maltese is a morphologically rich language with a hybrid morphological system which features both concatenative and non - concatenative processes . this paper analyses the impact of this hybridity on the performance of machine learning techniques for morphological labelling and clustering . in particular , we analyse a dataset of morphologically related word clusters to evaluate the difference in results for concatenative and ←
→ a unified approach to universal prediction : generalized upper and lower bounds ; we study sequential prediction of real - valued , arbitrary and unknown sequences under the squared error loss as well as the best parametric predictor out of a large , continuous class of predictors . inspired by recent results from computational learning theory , we refrain from any statistical assumptions and define the performance with respect to the class of general parametric predictors . in particular , we present generic lowe ←
→ offline handwritten signature identification using adaptive window positioning techniques ; the paper presents to address this challenge , we have proposed the use of adaptive window positioning technique which focuses on not just the meaning of the handwritten signature but also on the individuality of the writer . this innovative technique divides the handwritten signature into 13 small windows of size nxn ( 13x13 ). this size should be large enough to contain ample information about the style of the author a ←
→ learning nested agent models in an information economy ; we present our approach to the problem of how an agent , within an economic multi - agent system , can determine when it should behave strategically ( i . e . learn and use models of other agents ), and when it should act as a simple price - taker . we provide a framework for the incremental implementation of modeling capabilities in agents , and a description of the forms of knowledge required . the agents were implemented and different populations simulated in or ←
→ learning mid - level features and modeling neuron selectivity for image classification ; we now know that mid - level features can greatly enhance the performance of image learning , but how to automatically learn the image features efficiently and in an unsupervised manner is still an open question . in this paper , we present a very efficient mid - level feature learning approach ( midfea ), which only involves simple operations such as $ k $- means clustering , convolution , pooling , vector quantization and random pro ←
→ data - driven hrf estimation for encoding and decoding models ; despite the common usage of a canonical , data - independent , hemodynamic response function ( hrf ), it is known that the shape of the hrf varies across brain regions and subjects . this suggests that a data - driven estimation of this function could lead to more statistical power when modeling bold fmri data . however , unconstrained estimation of the hrf can yield highly unstable results when the number of free parameters is large . we develop a method fo ←
→ patterns of scalable bayesian inference ; datasets are growing not just in size but in complexity , creating a demand for rich models and quantification of uncertainty . bayesian methods are an excellent fit for this demand , but scaling bayesian inference is a challenge . in response to this challenge , there has been considerable recent work based on varying assumptions about model structure , underlying computational resources , and the importance of asymptotic correctness . as a result , there is a zoo of ideas ←
→ learning to generalize to new compositions in image understanding ; recurrent neural networks have recently been used for learning to describe images using natural language . however , it has been observed that these models generalize poorly to scenes that were not observed during training , possibly depending too strongly on the statistics of the text in the training data . here we propose to describe images using short structured representations , aiming to capture the crux of a description . these structured r ←
→ image and video mining through online learning ; within the field of image and video recognition , the traditional approach is a dataset split into fixed training and test partitions . however , the labelling of the training set is time - consuming , especially as datasets grow in size and complexity . furthermore , this approach is not applicable to the home user , who wants to intuitively group their media without tirelessly labelling the content . our interactive approach is able to iteratively cluster classes of ←
→ computing preferred answer sets by meta - interpretation in answer set programming ; most recently , answer set programming ( asp ) is attracting interest as a new paradigm for problem solving . an important aspect which needs to be supported is the handling of preferences between rules , for which several approaches have been presented . in this paper , we consider the problem of implementing preference handling approaches by means of meta - interpreters in answer set programming . in particular , we consider the pre ←
→ towards a common implementation of reinforcement learning for multiple robotic tasks ; mobile robots are increasingly being employed for performing complex tasks in dynamic environments . reinforcement learning ( rl ) methods are recognized to be promising for specifying such tasks in a relatively simple manner . however , the strong dependency between the learning method and the task to learn is a well - known problem that restricts practical implementations of rl in robotics , often requiring major modification ←
→ variational inference in non - negative factorial hidden markov models for efficient audio source separation ; the past decade has seen substantial work on the use of non - negative matrix factorization and its probabilistic counterparts for audio source separation . although able to capture audio spectral structure well , these models neglect the non - stationarity and temporal dynamics that are important properties of audio . the recently proposed non - negative factorial hidden markov model ( n - fhmm ) introduces a ←
→ detection of adversarial training examples in poisoning attacks through anomaly detection ; machine learning has become an important component for many systems and applications including computer vision , spam filtering , malware and network intrusion detection , among others . despite the capabilities of machine learning algorithms to extract valuable information from data and produce accurate predictions , it has been shown that these algorithms are vulnerable to attacks . data poisoning is one of the most re ←
→ exploring the design space of deep convolutional neural networks at large scale ; in recent years , the research community has discovered that deep neural networks ( dnns ) and convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) can yield higher accuracy than all previous solutions to a broad array of machine learning problems . to our knowledge , there is no single cnn / dnn architecture that solves all problems optimally . instead , the " right " cnn / dnn architecture varies depending on the application at hand . cnn / dnns comprise ←
→ mastering 2048 with delayed temporal coherence learning , multi - stage weight promotion , redundant encoding and carousel shaping ; 2048 is an engaging single - player , nondeterministic video puzzle game , which , thanks to the simple rules and hard - to - master gameplay , has gained massive popularity in recent years . as 2048 can be conveniently embedded into the discrete - state markov decision processes framework , we treat it as a testbed for evaluating existing and new methods in reinforcement learning . with the a ←
→ an alternative text representation to tf - idf and bag - of - words ; in text mining , information retrieval , and machine learning , text documents are commonly represented through variants of sparse bag of words ( sbow ) vectors ( e . g . tf - idf ). although simple and intuitive , sbow style representations suffer from their inherent over - sparsity and fail to capture word - level synonymy and polysemy . especially when labeled data is limited ( e . g . in document classification ), or the text documents are short ( e . g . emails or a ←
→ a model for medical diagnosis based on plantar pressure ; the process of determining which disease or condition explains a person ' s symptoms and signs can be very complicated and may be inaccurate in some cases . the general belief is that diagnosing diseases relies on doctors ' keen intuition , rich experience and professional equipment . in this work , we employ ideas from recent advances in plantar pressure research and from the powerful capacity of the convolutional neural network for learning representation ←
→ 3d facial expression reconstruction using cascaded regression ; this paper proposes a novel model fitting algorithm for 3d facial expression reconstruction from a single image . face expression reconstruction from a single image is a challenging task in computer vision . most state - of - the - art methods fit the input image to a 3d morphable model ( 3dmm ). these methods need to solve a stochastic problem and cannot deal with expression and pose variations . to solve this problem , we adopt a 3d face expression model ←
→ high - resolution semantic labeling with convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have received increasing attention over the last few years . they were initially conceived for image categorization , i . e ., the problem of assigning a semantic label to an entire input image . in this paper we address the problem of dense semantic labeling , which consists in assigning a semantic label to every pixel in an image . since this requires a high spatial accuracy to determine where labels are ←
→ unsupervised cipher cracking using discrete gans ; this work details ciphergan , an architecture inspired by cyclegan used for inferring the underlying cipher mapping given banks of unpaired ciphertext and plaintext . we demonstrate that ciphergan is capable of cracking language data enciphered using shift and vigenere ciphers to a high degree of fidelity and for vocabularies much larger than previously achieved . we present how cyclegan can be made compatible with discrete data and train in a stable way . we t ←
→ causal falling rule lists ; a causal falling rule list ( cfrl ) is a sequence of if - then rules that specifies heterogeneous treatment effects , where ( i ) the order of rules determines the treatment effect subgroup a subject belongs to , and ( ii ) the treatment effect decreases monotonically down the list . a given cfrl parameterizes a hierarchical bayesian regression model in which the treatment effects are incorporated as parameters , and assumed constant within model - specific subgroups . we formulate the search f ←
→ conceptualization of seeded region growing by pixels aggregation . part 2 : how to localize a final partition invariant about the seeded region initialisation order ; in the previous paper , we have conceptualized the localization and the organization of seeded region growing by pixels aggregation ( srgpa ) but we do not give the issue when there is a collision between two distinct regions during the growing process . in this paper , we propose two implementations to manage two classical growing processes : one ←
→ geometry - aware deep transform ; many recent efforts have been devoted to designing sophisticated deep learning structures , obtaining revolutionary results on benchmark datasets . the success of these deep learning methods mostly relies on an enormous volume of labeled training samples to learn a huge number of parameters in a network ; therefore , understanding the generalization ability of a learned deep network cannot be overlooked , especially when restricted to a small training set , which is the case for ma ←
→ on the mathematics of beauty : beautiful images ; in this paper , we will study the simplest kind of beauty that can be found in a simple visual pattern and can be appreciated universally . the proposed model suggest that there is a link between beautiful pattern and a deeper optimisation process between randomness and regularity . then we show that beautiful patterns need to satisfy a more fundamental law that seeks to deliver the highest amount of information using the same amount of energy . the proposed mode ←
→ parallel large - scale attribute reduction on cloud systems ; the rapid growth of emerging information technologies and application patterns in modern society , e . g ., internet , internet of things , cloud computing and tri - network convergence , has caused the advent of the era of big data . big data contains huge values , however , mining knowledge from big data is a tremendously challenging task because of data uncertainty and inconsistency . attribute reduction ( also known as feature selection ) can not only be used ←
→ non - parametric power - law data clustering ; it has always been a great challenge for clustering algorithms to automatically determine the cluster numbers according to the distribution of datasets . several approaches have been proposed to address this issue , including the recent promising work which incorporate bayesian nonparametrics into the $ k $- means clustering procedure . this approach shows simplicity in implementation and solidity in theory , while it also provides a feasible way to inference in large sca ←
→ order matters : distributional properties of speech to young children bootstraps learning of semantic representations ; some researchers claim that language acquisition is critically dependent on experiencing linguistic input in order of increasing complexity . we set out to test this hypothesis using a simple recurrent neural network ( srn ) trained to predict word sequences in childes , a 5 - million - word corpus of speech directed to children . first , we demonstrated that age - ordered childes exhibits a gradual ←
→ evolving knowledge through negotiation ; semantic web information is at the extremities of long pipelines held by human beings . they are at the origin of information and they will consume it either explicitly because the information will be delivered to them in a readable way , or implicitly because the computer processes consuming this information will affect them . computers are particularly capable of dealing with information the way it is provided to them . however , people may assign to the information the ←
→ improving variational auto - encoders using convex combination linear inverse autoregressive flow ; in this paper , we propose a new volume - preserving flow and show that it performs similarly to the linear general normalizing flow . the idea is to enrich a linear inverse autoregressive flow by introducing multiple lower - triangular matrices with ones on the diagonal and combining them using a convex combination . in the experimental studies on mnist and histopathology data we show that the proposed approach out ←
→ csrnet : dilated convolutional neural networks for understanding the highly congested scenes ; we propose a network for congested scene recognition called csrnet to provide a data - driven and deep learning method that can understand highly congested scenes and perform accurate count estimation as well as present high - quality density maps . the proposed csrnet is composed of two major components : a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) as the front - end for 2d feature extraction and a dilated cnn for the back - end ←
→ cleaning schedule optimization of heat exchanger networks using particle swarm optimization ; oil refinery is one of industries that require huge energy consumption . the today technology advance requires energy saving . heat integration is a method used to minimize the energy comsumption though the implementation of heat exchanger network ( hen ). cpt is one of types of heat exchanger network ( hen ) that functions to recover the heat in the flow of product or waste . hen comprises a number of heat exchangers (←
→ shadow detection : a survey and comparative evaluation of recent methods ; this paper presents a survey and a comparative evaluation of recent techniques for moving cast shadow detection . we identify shadow removal as a critical step for improving object detection and tracking . the survey covers methods published during the last decade , and places them in a feature - based taxonomy comprised of four categories : chromacity , physical , geometry and textures . a selection of prominent methods across the categories ←
→ on recovery of sparse signals via $\ ell_1 $ minimization ; this article considers constrained $\ ell_1 $ minimization methods for the recovery of high dimensional sparse signals in three settings : noiseless , bounded error and gaussian noise . a unified and elementary treatment is given in these noise settings for two $\ ell_1 $ minimization methods : the dantzig selector and $\ ell_1 $ minimization with an $\ ell_2 $ constraint . the results of this paper improve the existing results in the literature by weakening the ←
→ training neural networks with stochastic hessian - free optimization ; hessian - free ( hf ) optimization has been successfully used for training deep autoencoders and recurrent networks . hf uses the conjugate gradient algorithm to construct update directions through curvature - vector products that can be computed on the same order of time as gradients . in this paper we exploit this property and study stochastic hf with gradient and curvature mini - batches independent of the dataset size . we modify martens ' hf for ←
→ shape inpainting using 3d generative adversarial network and recurrent convolutional networks ; recent advances in convolutional neural networks have shown promising results in 3d shape completion . but due to gpu memory limitations , these methods can only produce low - resolution outputs . to inpaint 3d models with semantic plausibility and contextual details , we introduce a hybrid framework that combines a 3d encoder - decoder generative adversarial network ( 3d - ed - gan ) and a long - term recurrent convolutional ←
→ deep - plant : plant identification with convolutional neural networks ; this paper studies convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) to learn unsupervised feature representations for 44 different plant species , collected at the royal botanic gardens , kew , england . to gain intuition on the chosen features from the cnn model ( opposed to a ' black box ' solution ), a visualisation technique based on the deconvolutional networks ( dn ) is utilized . it is found that venations of different order have been chosen to uniquely r ←
→ analyzing and improving performance of a class of anomaly - based intrusion detectors ; anomaly - based intrusion detection ( aid ) techniques are useful for detecting novel intrusions into computing resources . one of the most successful aid detectors proposed to date is stide , which is based on analysis of system call sequences . in this paper , we present a detailed formal framework to analyze , understand and improve the performance of stide and similar aid techniques . several important properties of stide - like ←
→ variational graph auto - encoders ; we introduce the variational graph auto - encoder ( vgae ), a framework for unsupervised learning on graph - structured data based on the variational auto - encoder ( vae ). this model makes use of latent variables and is capable of learning interpretable latent representations for undirected graphs . we demonstrate this model using a graph convolutional network ( gcn ) encoder and a simple inner product decoder . our model achieves competitive results on a link prediction task in citati ←
→ analysis of hydrocyclone performance based on information granulation theory ; this paper describes application of information granulation theory , on the analysis of hydrocyclone perforamance . in this manner , using a combining of self organizing map ( som ) and neuro - fuzzy inference system ( nfis ), crisp and fuzzy granules are obtained ( briefly called sonfis ). balancing of crisp granules and sub fuzzy granules , within non fuzzy information ( initial granulation ), is rendered in an open - close iteration . using t ←
→ uplift modeling with multiple treatments and general response types ; randomized experiments have been used to assist decision - making in many areas . they help people select the optimal treatment for the test population with certain statistical guarantee . however , subjects can show significant heterogeneity in response to treatments . the problem of customizing treatment assignment based on subject characteristics is known as uplift modeling , differential response analysis , or personalized treatment learning ←
→ sparse neural networks with large learning diversity ; coded recurrent neural networks with three levels of sparsity are introduced . the first level is related to the size of messages , much smaller than the number of available neurons . the second one is provided by a particular coding rule , acting as a local constraint in the neural activity . the third one is a characteristic of the low final connection density of the network after the learning phase . though the proposed network is very simple since it is b ←
→ an analysis of ability in deep neural networks ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have made significant progress in a number of machine learning applications . however without a consistent set of evaluation tasks , interpreting performance across test datasets is impossible . in most previous work , characteristics of individual data points are not considered during evaluation , and each data point is treated equally . using item response theory ( irt ) from psychometrics it is possible to model characteristics of speci ←
→ premise selection and external provers for hol4 ; learning - assisted automated reasoning has recently gained popularity among the users of isabelle / hol , hol light , and mizar . in this paper , we present an add - on to the hol4 proof assistant and an adaptation of the holyhammer system that provides machine learning - based premise selection and automated reasoning also for hol4 . we efficiently record the hol4 dependencies and extract features from the theorem statements , which form a basis for premise selection . h ←
→ multi - shot person re - identification via relational stein divergence ; person re - identification is particularly challenging due to significant appearance changes across separate camera views . in order to re - identify people , a representative human signature should effectively handle differences in illumination , pose and camera parameters . while general appearance - based methods are modelled in euclidean spaces , it has been argued that some applications in image and video analysis are better modelled via non - eu ←
→ a well - typed lightweight situation calculus ; situation calculus has been widely applied in artificial intelligence related fields . this formalism is considered as a dialect of logic programming language and mostly used in dynamic domain modeling . however , type systems are hardly deployed in situation calculus in the literature . to achieve a correct and sound typed program written in situation calculus , adding typing elements into the current situation calculus will be quite helpful . in this paper , we propo ←
→ an artificial immune system as a recommender system for web sites ; artificial immune systems have been used successfully to build recommender systems for film databases . in this research , an attempt is made to extend this idea to web site recommendation . a collection of more than 1000 individuals web profiles ( alternatively called preferences / favourites / bookmarks file ) will be used . urls will be classified using the dmoz ( directory mozilla ) database of the open directory project as our ontology . this w ←
→ from pose to activity : surveying datasets and introducing converse ; we present a review on the current state of publicly available datasets within the human action recognition community ; highlighting the revival of pose based methods and recent progress of understanding person - person interaction modeling . we categorize datasets regarding several key properties for usage as a benchmark dataset ; including the number of class labels , ground truths provided , and application domain they occupy . we also consider ←
→ a laplacian framework for option discovery in reinforcement learning ; representation learning and option discovery are two of the biggest challenges in reinforcement learning ( rl ). proto - value functions ( pvfs ) are a well - known approach for representation learning in mdps . in this paper we address the option discovery problem by showing how pvfs implicitly define options . we do it by introducing eigenpurposes , intrinsic reward functions derived from the learned representations . the options discovered from e ←
→ task - based end - to - end model learning in stochastic optimization ; with the increasing popularity of machine learning techniques , it has become common to see prediction algorithms operating within some larger process . however , the criteria by which we train these algorithms often differ from the ultimate criteria on which we evaluate them . this paper proposes an end - to - end approach for learning probabilistic machine learning models in a manner that directly captures the ultimate task - based objective for whic ←
→ state of the art , evaluation and recommendations regarding " document processing and visualization techniques " ; several networks of excellence have been set up in the framework of the european fp5 research program . among these networks of excellence , the nemis project focuses on the field of text mining . within this field , document processing and visualization was identified as one of the key topics and the wg1 working group was created in the nemis project , to carry out a detailed survey of techniques ←
→ toward abstraction from multi - modal data : empirical studies on multiple time - scale recurrent models ; the abstraction tasks are challenging for multi - modal sequences as they require a deeper semantic understanding and a novel text generation for the data . although the recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) can be used to model the context of the time - sequences , in most cases the long - term dependencies of multi - modal data make the back - propagation through time training of rnn tend to vanish in the time domain . r ←
→ blind deconvolution of pet images using anatomical priors ; images from positron emission tomography ( pet ) provide metabolic information about the human body . they present , however , a spatial resolution that is limited by physical and instrumental factors often modeled by a blurring function . since this function is typically unknown , blind deconvolution ( bd ) techniques are needed in order to produce a useful restored pet image . in this work , we propose a general bd technique that restores a low resolution b ←
→ linearized alternating direction method with adaptive penalty and warm starts for fast solving transform invariant low - rank textures ; transform invariant low - rank textures ( tilt ) is a novel and powerful tool that can effectively rectify a rich class of low - rank textures in 3d scenes from 2d images despite significant deformation and corruption . the existing algorithm for solving tilt is based on the alternating direction method ( adm ). it suffers from high computational cost and is not theoretically guara ←
→ noise - tolerant interactive learning from pairwise comparisons ; we study the problem of interactively learning a binary classifier using noisy labeling and pairwise comparison oracles , where the comparison oracle answers which one in the given two instances is more likely to be positive . learning from such oracles has multiple applications where obtaining direct labels is harder but pairwise comparisons are easier , and the algorithm can leverage both types of oracles . in this paper , we attempt to characteri ←
→ clustering with multi - layer graphs : a spectral perspective ; observational data usually comes with a multimodal nature , which means that it can be naturally represented by a multi - layer graph whose layers share the same set of vertices ( users ) with different edges ( pairwise relationships ). in this paper , we address the problem of combining different layers of the multi - layer graph for improved clustering of the vertices compared to using layers independently . we propose two novel methods , which are based on ←
→ a decidable very expressive description logic for databases ( extended version ) ; we introduce $\ mathcal { dlr }^+$, an extension of the n - ary propositionally closed description logic $\ mathcal { dlr }$ to deal with attribute - labelled tuples ( generalising the positional notation ), projections of relations , and global and local objectification of relations , able to express inclusion , functional , key , and external uniqueness dependencies . the logic is equipped with both tbox and abox axioms . we show how a simple s ←
→ learning compatibility across categories for heterogeneous item recommendation ; identifying relationships between items is a key task of an online recommender system , in order to help users discover items that are functionally complementary or visually compatible . in domains like clothing recommendation , this task is particularly challenging since a successful system should be capable of handling a large corpus of items , a huge amount of relationships among them , as well as the high - dimensional and seman ←
→ end - to - end text recognition with hybrid hmm maxout models ; the problem of detecting and recognizing text in natural scenes has proved to be more challenging than its counterpart in documents , with most of the previous work focusing on a single part of the problem . in this work , we propose new solutions to the character and word recognition problems and then show how to combine these solutions in an end - to - end text - recognition system . we do so by leveraging the recently introduced maxout networks along with ←
→ studying the impact of negotiation environments on negotiation teams ' performance ; in this article we study the impact of the negotiation environment on the performance of several intra - team strategies ( team dynamics ) for agent - based negotiation teams that negotiate with an opponent . an agent - based negotiation team is a group of agents that joins together as a party because they share common interests in the negotiation at hand . it is experimentally shown how negotiation environment conditions like the d ←
→ polyglot neural language models : a case study in cross - lingual phonetic representation learning ; we introduce polyglot language models , recurrent neural network models trained to predict symbol sequences in many different languages using shared representations of symbols and conditioning on typological information about the language to be predicted . we apply these to the problem of modeling phone sequences --- a domain in which universal symbol inventories and cross - linguistically shared feature representa ←
→ symbolic computing with incremental mindmaps to manage and mine data streams - some applications ; in our understanding , a mind - map is an adaptive engine that basically works incrementally on the fundament of existing transactional streams . generally , mind - maps consist of symbolic cells that are connected with each other and that become either stronger or weaker depending on the transactional stream . based on the underlying biologic principle , these symbolic cells and their connections as well may adaptiv ←
→ improving accuracy and scalability of the pc algorithm by maximizing p - value ; a number of attempts have been made to improve accuracy and / or scalability of the pc ( peter and clark ) algorithm , some well known ( buhlmann , et al ., 2010 ; kalisch and buhlmann , 2007 ; 2008 ; zhang , 2012 , to give some examples ). we add here one more tool to the toolbox : the simple observation that if one is forced to choose between a variety of possible conditioning sets for a pair of variables , one should choose the one with the ←
→ robust mobile object tracking based on multiple feature similarity and trajectory filtering ; this paper presents a new algorithm to track mobile objects in different scene conditions . the main idea of the proposed tracker includes estimation , multi - features similarity measures and trajectory filtering . a feature set ( distance , area , shape ratio , color histogram ) is defined for each tracked object to search for the best matching object . its best matching object and its state estimated by the kalman filter ←
→ we used neural networks to detect clickbaits : you won ' t believe what happened next ! ; online content publishers often use catchy headlines for their articles in order to attract users to their websites . these headlines , popularly known as clickbaits , exploit a user ' s curiosity gap and lure them to click on links that often disappoint them . existing methods for automatically detecting clickbaits rely on heavy feature engineering and domain knowledge . here , we introduce a neural network architecture based o ←
→ model compression as constrained optimization , with application to neural nets . part ii : quantization ; we consider the problem of deep neural net compression by quantization : given a large , reference net , we want to quantize its real - valued weights using a codebook with $ k $ entries so that the training loss of the quantized net is minimal . the codebook can be optimally learned jointly with the net , or fixed , as for binarization or ternarization approaches . previous work has quantized the weights of the r ←
→ correcting nuisance variation using wasserstein distance ; profiling cellular phenotypes from microscopic imaging can provide meaningful biological information resulting from various factors affecting the cells . one motivating application is drug development : morphological cell features can be captured from images , from which similarities between different drugs applied at different dosages can be quantified . the general approach is to find a function mapping the images to an embedding space of manageable d ←
→ a minimal solution for two - view focal - length estimation using two affine correspondences ; a minimal solution using two affine correspondences is presented to estimate the common focal length and the fundamental matrix between two semi - calibrated cameras - known intrinsic parameters except a common focal length . to the best of our knowledge , this problem is unsolved . the proposed approach extends point correspondence - based techniques with linear constraints derived from local affine transformations . the o ←
→ la representación de la variación contextual mediante definiciones terminológicas flexibles ; in this doctoral thesis , we apply premises of cognitive linguistics to terminological definitions and present a proposal called the flexible terminological definition . this consists of a set of definitions of the same concept made up of a general definition ( in this case , one encompassing the entire environmental domain ) along with additional definitions describing the concept from the perspective of the subdomai ←
→ the inaturalist challenge 2017 dataset ; existing image classification datasets used in computer vision tend to have an even number of images for each object category . in contrast , the natural world is heavily imbalanced , as some species are more abundant and easier to photograph than others . to encourage further progress in challenging real world conditions we present the inaturalist challenge 2017 dataset - an image classification benchmark consisting of 675 , 000 images with over 5 , 000 different species of ←
→ an empirical study of mauc in multi - class problems with uncertain cost matrices ; cost - sensitive learning relies on the availability of a known and fixed cost matrix . however , in some scenarios , the cost matrix is uncertain during training , and re - train a classifier after the cost matrix is specified would not be an option . for binary classification , this issue can be successfully addressed by methods maximizing the area under the roc curve ( auc ) metric . since the auc can measure performance of base class ←
→ deep models for engagement assessment with scarce label information ; task engagement is defined as loadings on energetic arousal ( affect ), task motivation , and concentration ( cognition ). it is usually challenging and expensive to label cognitive state data , and traditional computational models trained with limited label information for engagement assessment do not perform well because of overfitting . in this paper , we proposed two deep models ( i . e ., a deep classifier and a deep autoencoder ) for engagement ←
→ watch - bot : unsupervised learning for reminding humans of forgotten actions ; we present a robotic system that watches a human using a kinect v2 rgb - d sensor , detects what he forgot to do while performing an activity , and if necessary reminds the person using a laser pointer to point out the related object . our simple setup can be easily deployed on any assistive robot . our approach is based on a learning algorithm trained in a purely unsupervised setting , which does not require any human annotations . th ←
→ interpreting neural network judgments via minimal , stable , and symbolic corrections ; the paper describes a new algorithm to generate minimal , stable , and symbolic corrections to an input that will cause a neural network with relu neurons to change its output . we argue that such a correction is a useful way to provide feedback to a user when the neural network produces an output that is different from a desired output . our algorithm generates such a correction by solving a series of linear constraint sati ←
→ adaptive locally affine - invariant shape matching ; matching deformable objects using their shapes is an important problem in computer vision since shape is perhaps the most distinguishable characteristic of an object . the problem is difficult due to many factors such as intra - class variations , local deformations , articulations , viewpoint changes and missed and extraneous contour portions due to errors in shape extraction . while small local deformations has been handled in the literature by allowing some lee ←
→ a knowledge - based approach for selecting information sources ; through the internet and the world - wide web , a vast number of information sources has become available , which offer information on various subjects by different providers , often in heterogeneous formats . this calls for tools and methods for building an advanced information - processing infrastructure . one issue in this area is the selection of suitable information sources in query answering . in this paper , we present a knowledge - based approach to ←
→ comparison of ontology alignment algorithms across single matching task via the mcnemar test ; ontology alignment is widely used to find the correspondences between different ontologies in diverse fields . after discovering the alignment by methods , several performance scores are available to evaluate them . the scores require the produced alignment by a method and the reference alignment containing the underlying actual correspondences of the given ontologies . the current trend in alignment evaluation is t ←
→ approximate counting in smt and value estimation for probabilistic programs ; # smt , or model counting for logical theories , is a well - known hard problem that generalizes such tasks as counting the number of satisfying assignments to a boolean formula and computing the volume of a polytope . in the realm of satisfiability modulo theories ( smt ) there is a growing need for model counting solvers , coming from several application domains ( quantitative information flow , static analysis of probabilistic programs )←
→ domain adaptive neural networks for object recognition ; we propose a simple neural network model to deal with the domain adaptation problem in object recognition . our model incorporates the maximum mean discrepancy ( mmd ) measure as a regularization in the supervised learning to reduce the distribution mismatch between the source and target domains in the latent space . from experiments , we demonstrate that the mmd regularization is an effective tool to provide good domain adaptation models on both surf feat ←
→ zero - shot learning with generative latent prototype model ; zero - shot learning , which studies the problem of object classification for categories for which we have no training examples , is gaining increasing attention from community . most existing zsl methods exploit deterministic transfer learning via an in - between semantic embedding space . in this paper , we try to attack this problem from a generative probabilistic modelling perspective . we assume for any category , the observed representation , e . g . images ←
→ toktrack : a complete token provenance and change tracking dataset for the english wikipedia ; we present a dataset that contains every instance of all tokens (~ words ) ever written in undeleted , non - redirect english wikipedia articles until october 2016 , in total 13 , 545 , 349 , 787 instances . each token is annotated with ( i ) the article revision it was originally created in , and ( ii ) lists with all the revisions in which the token was ever deleted and ( potentially ) re - added and re - deleted from its article , en ←
→ optimal bangla keyboard layout using data mining technique ; this paper presents an optimal bangla keyboard layout , which distributes the load equally on both hands so that maximizing the ease and minimizing the effort . bangla alphabet has a large number of letters , for this it is difficult to type faster using bangla keyboard . our proposed keyboard will maximize the speed of operator as they can type with both hands parallel . here we use the association rule of data mining to distribute the bangla characte ←
→ multispectral spatial characterization : application to mitosis detection in breast cancer histopathology ; accurate detection of mitosis plays a critical role in breast cancer histopathology . manual detection and counting of mitosis is tedious and subject to considerable inter - and intra - reader variations . multispectral imaging is a recent medical imaging technology , proven successful in increasing the segmentation accuracy in other fields . this study aims at improving the accuracy of mitosis detection by ←
→ deductive and analogical reasoning on a semantically embedded knowledge graph ; representing knowledge as high - dimensional vectors in a continuous semantic vector space can help overcome the brittleness and incompleteness of traditional knowledge bases . we present a method for performing deductive reasoning directly in such a vector space , combining analogy , association , and deduction in a straightforward way at each step in a chain of reasoning , drawing on knowledge from diverse sources and ontologies .←
→ the scaling limit of high - dimensional online independent component analysis ; we analyze the dynamics of an online algorithm for independent component analysis in the high - dimensional scaling limit . as the ambient dimension tends to infinity , and with proper time scaling , we show that the time - varying joint empirical measure of the target feature vector and the estimates provided by the algorithm will converge weakly to a deterministic measured - valued process that can be characterized as the unique soluti ←
→ cross - view image synthesis using conditional gans ; learning to generate natural scenes has always been a challenging task in computer vision . it is even more painstaking when the generation is conditioned on images with drastically different views . this is mainly because understanding , corresponding , and transforming appearance and semantic information across views is not trivial . in this paper , we attempt to solve the novel problem of cross - view image synthesis , aerial to street view and vice versa , using ←
→ competing with gaussian linear experts ; we study the problem of online regression . we prove a theoretical bound on the square loss of ridge regression . we do not make any assumptions about input vectors or outcomes . we also show that bayesian ridge regression can be thought of as an online algorithm competing with all the gaussian linear experts .←
→ on the scalability of the answer extraction system " extrans " ; this paper reports on the scalability of the answer extraction system extrans . an answer extraction system locates the exact phrases in the documents that contain the explicit answers to the user queries . answer extraction systems are therefore more convenient than document retrieval systems in situations where the user wants to find specific information in limited time . extrans performs answer extraction over unix manpages . it has been constr ←
→ a fast incremental gaussian mixture model ; this work builds upon previous efforts in online incremental learning , namely the incremental gaussian mixture network ( igmn ). the igmn is capable of learning from data streams in a single - pass by improving its model after analyzing each data point and discarding it thereafter . nevertheless , it suffers from the scalability point - of - view , due to its asymptotic time complexity of $\ operatorname { o }\ bigl ( nkd ^ 3 \ bigr )$ for $ n $ data points , $ k $ gaussian components and $ d ←
→ learning the experts for online sequence prediction ; online sequence prediction is the problem of predicting the next element of a sequence given previous elements . this problem has been extensively studied in the context of individual sequence prediction , where no prior assumptions are made on the origin of the sequence . individual sequence prediction algorithms work quite well for long sequences , where the algorithm has enough time to learn the temporal structure of the sequence . however , they might give ←
→ causal inference by stochastic complexity ; the algorithmic markov condition states that the most likely causal direction between two random variables x and y can be identified as that direction with the lowest kolmogorov complexity . due to the halting problem , however , this notion is not computable . we hence propose to do causal inference by stochastic complexity . that is , we propose to approximate kolmogorov complexity via the minimum description length ( mdl ) principle , using a score that is mini - max op ←
→ variable noise and dimensionality reduction for sparse gaussian processes ; the sparse pseudo - input gaussian process ( spgp ) is a new approximation method for speeding up gp regression in the case of a large number of data points n . the approximation is controlled by the gradient optimization of a small set of m ` pseudo - inputs ', thereby reducing complexity from n ^ 3 to nm ^ 2 . one limitation of the spgp is that this optimization space becomes impractically big for high dimensional data sets . this paper addres ←
→ deep regression forests for age estimation ; age estimation from facial images is typically cast as a nonlinear regression problem . the main challenge of this problem is the facial feature space w . r . t . ages is heterogeneous , due to the large variation in facial appearance across different persons of the same age and the non - stationary property of aging patterns . in this paper , we propose deep regression forests ( drfs ), an end - to - end model , for age estimation . drfs connect the split nodes to a fully connecte ←
→ unsupervised supervised learning ii : training margin based classifiers without labels ; many popular linear classifiers , such as logistic regression , boosting , or svm , are trained by optimizing a margin - based risk function . traditionally , these risk functions are computed based on a labeled dataset . we develop a novel technique for estimating such risks using only unlabeled data and the marginal label distribution . we prove that the proposed risk estimator is consistent on high - dimensional datasets and de ←
→ are emojis predictable ? ; emojis are ideograms which are naturally combined with plain text to visually complement or condense the meaning of a message . despite being widely used in social media , their underlying semantics have received little attention from a natural language processing standpoint . in this paper , we investigate the relation between words and emojis , studying the novel task of predicting which emojis are evoked by text - based tweet messages . we train several models based on long short - term m ←
→ advancing system performance with redundancy : from biological to artificial designs ; redundancy is a fundamental characteristic of many biological processes such as those in the genetic , visual , muscular and nervous system ; yet its function has not been fully understood . the conventional interpretation of redundancy is that it serves as a fault - tolerance mechanism , which leads to redundancy ' s de facto application in man - made systems for reliability enhancement . on the contrary , our previous works have de ←
→ detecting early signs of depressive and manic episodes in patients with bipolar disorder using the signature - based model ; recurrent major mood episodes and subsyndromal mood instability cause substantial disability in patients with bipolar disorder . early identification of mood episodes enabling timely mood stabilisation is an important clinical goal . recent technological advances allow the prospective reporting of mood in real time enabling more accurate , efficient data capture . the complex nature of th ←
→ weakly supervised learning for salient object detection ; recent advances in supervised salient object detection has resulted in significant performance on benchmark datasets . training such models , however , requires expensive pixel - wise annotations of salient objects . moreover , many existing salient object detection models assume that at least one salient object exists in the input image . such an assumption often leads to less appealing saliency maps on the background images , which contain no salient object ←
→ feature selection for value function approximation using bayesian model selection ; feature selection in reinforcement learning ( rl ), i . e . choosing basis functions such that useful approximations of the unkown value function can be obtained , is one of the main challenges in scaling rl to real - world applications . here we consider the gaussian process based framework gptd for approximate policy evaluation , and propose feature selection through marginal likelihood optimization of the associated hyperparamete ←
→ some further evidence about magnification and shape in neural gas ; neural gas ( ng ) is a robust vector quantization algorithm with a well - known mathematical model . according to this , the neural gas samples the underlying data distribution following a power law with a magnification exponent that depends on data dimensionality only . the effects of shape in the input data distribution , however , are not entirely covered by the ng model above , due to the technical difficulties involved . the experimental work des ←
→ learning shapes by convex composition ; we present a mathematical and algorithmic scheme for learning the principal geometric elements in an image or 3d object . we build on recent work that convexifies the basic problem of finding a combination of a small number shapes that overlap and occlude one another in such a way that they " match " a given scene as closely as possible . this paper derives general sufficient conditions under which this convex shape composition identifies a target composition . from a comp ←
→ creativity in machine learning ; recent machine learning techniques can be modified to produce creative results . those results did not exist before ; it is not a trivial combination of the data which was fed into the machine learning system . the obtained results come in multiple forms : as images , as text and as audio . this paper gives a high level overview of how they are created and gives some examples . it is meant to be a summary of the current work and give people who are new to machine learning some st ←
→ feedforward semantic segmentation with zoom - out features ; we introduce a purely feed - forward architecture for semantic segmentation . we map small image elements ( superpixels ) to rich feature representations extracted from a sequence of nested regions of increasing extent . these regions are obtained by " zooming out " from the superpixel all the way to scene - level resolution . this approach exploits statistical structure in the image and in the label space without setting up explicit structured prediction mech ←
→ local color contrastive descriptor for image classification ; image representation and classification are two fundamental tasks towards multimedia content retrieval and understanding . the idea that shape and texture information ( e . g . edge or orientation ) are the key features for visual representation is ingrained and dominated in current multimedia and computer vision communities . a number of low - level features have been proposed by computing local gradients ( e . g . sift , lbp and hog ), and have achieved great ←
→ single image dehazing through improved atmospheric light estimation ; image contrast enhancement for outdoor vision is important for smart car auxiliary transport systems . the video frames captured in poor weather conditions are often characterized by poor visibility . most image dehazing algorithms consider to use a hard threshold assumptions or user input to estimate atmospheric light . however , the brightest pixels sometimes are objects such as car lights or streetlights , especially for smart car auxiliary ←
→ bregman divergence as general framework to estimate unnormalized statistical models ; we show that the bregman divergence provides a rich framework to estimate unnormalized statistical models for continuous or discrete random variables , that is , models which do not integrate or sum to one , respectively . we prove that recent estimation methods such as noise - contrastive estimation , ratio matching , and score matching belong to the proposed framework , and explain their interconnection based on supervised lear ←
→ separation of water and fat magnetic resonance imaging signals using deep learning with convolutional neural networks ; purpose : a new method for magnetic resonance ( mr ) imaging water - fat separation using a convolutional neural network ( convnet ) and deep learning ( dl ) is presented . feasibility of the method with complex and magnitude images is demonstrated with a series of patient studies and accuracy of predicted quantitative values is analyzed . methods : water - fat separation of 1200 gradient - echo acqui ←
→ towards a cognitive routing engine for software defined networks ; most software defined networks ( sdn ) traffic engineering applications use excessive and frequent global monitoring in order to find the optimal quality - of - service ( qos ) paths for the current state of the network . in this work , we present the motivations , architecture and initial evaluation of a sdn application called cognitive routing engine ( cre ) which is able to find near - optimal paths for a user - specified qos while using a very small moni ←
→ generalizable adversarial examples detection based on bi - model decision mismatch ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have shown phenomenal success in a wide range of applications . however , recent studies have discovered that they are vulnerable to adversarial examples , i . e ., original samples with added subtle perturbations . such perturbations are often too small and imperceptible to humans , yet they can easily fool the neural networks . few defense techniques against adversarial examples have been proposed , but ←
→ shaping the future through innovations : from medical imaging to precision medicine ; medical images constitute a source of information essential for disease diagnosis , treatment and follow - up . in addition , due to its patient - specific nature , imaging information represents a critical component required for advancing precision medicine into clinical practice . this manuscript describes recently developed technologies for better handling of image information : photorealistic visualization of medical images wit ←
→ perspectives for evaluating conversational ai ; conversational ai systems are becoming famous in day to day lives . in this paper , we are trying to address the following key question : to identify whether design , as well as development efforts for search oriented conversational ai are successful or not . it is tricky to define ' success ' in the case of conversational ai and equally tricky part is to use appropriate metrics for the evaluation of conversational ai . we propose four different perspectives namely use ←
→ a new hybrid jpeg image compression scheme using symbol reduction technique ; lossy jpeg compression is a widely used compression technique . normally the jpeg standard technique uses three process mapping reduces interpixel redundancy , quantization , which is lossy process and entropy encoding , which is considered lossless process . in this paper , a new technique has been proposed by combining the jpeg algorithm and symbol reduction huffman technique for achieving more compression ratio . the symbols reducti ←
→ thompson sampling for contextual bandits with linear payoffs ; thompson sampling is one of the oldest heuristics for multi - armed bandit problems . it is a randomized algorithm based on bayesian ideas , and has recently generated significant interest after several studies demonstrated it to have better empirical performance compared to the state - of - the - art methods . however , many questions regarding its theoretical performance remained open . in this paper , we design and analyze a generalization of thompson samp ←
→ online visual multi - object tracking via labeled random finite set filtering ; this paper proposes an online visual multi - object tracking algorithm using a top - down bayesian formulation that seamlessly integrates state estimation , track management , clutter rejection , occlusion and mis - detection handling into a single recursion . this is achieved by modeling the multi - object state as labeled random finite set and using the bayes recursion to propagate the multi - object filtering density forward in time . the p ←
→ dexpression : deep convolutional neural network for expression recognition ; we propose a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture for facial expression recognition . the proposed architecture is independent of any hand - crafted feature extraction and performs better than the earlier proposed convolutional neural network based approaches . we visualize the automatically extracted features which have been learned by the network in order to provide a better understanding . the standard datasets , i . e . exte ←
→ onsager - corrected deep learning for sparse linear inverse problems ; deep learning has gained great popularity due to its widespread success on many inference problems . we consider the application of deep learning to the sparse linear inverse problem encountered in compressive sensing , where one seeks to recover a sparse signal from a small number of noisy linear measurements . in this paper , we propose a novel neural - network architecture that decouples prediction errors across layers in the same way that th ←
→ multistage sfm : a coarse - to - fine approach for 3d reconstruction ; several methods have been proposed for large - scale 3d reconstruction from large , unorganized image collections . a large reconstruction problem is typically divided into multiple components which are reconstructed independently using structure from motion ( sfm ) and later merged together . incremental sfm methods are most popular for the basic structure recovery of a single component . they are robust and effective but are strictly sequential in ←
→ representation learning using event - based stdp ; although representation learning methods developed within the framework of traditional neural networks are relatively mature , developing a spiking representation model remains a challenging problem . this paper proposes an event - based method to train a feedforward spiking neural network ( snn ) layer for extracting visual features . the method introduces a novel spike - timing - dependent plasticity ( stdp ) learning rule and a threshold adjustment rule both derived fr ←
→ learning with opponent - learning awareness ; multi - agent settings are quickly gathering importance in machine learning . beyond a plethora of recent work on deep multi - agent reinforcement learning , hierarchical reinforcement learning , generative adversarial networks and decentralized optimization can all be seen as instances of this setting . however , the presence of multiple learning agents in these settings renders the training problem non - stationary and often leads to unstable training or undesired final re ←
→ ucb exploration via q - ensembles ; we show how an ensemble of $ q ^*$- functions can be leveraged for more effective exploration in deep reinforcement learning . we build on well established algorithms from the bandit setting , and adapt them to the $ q $- learning setting . we propose an exploration strategy based on upper - confidence bounds ( ucb ). our experiments show significant gains on the atari benchmark .←
→ emotional intensity analysis in bipolar subjects ; the massive availability of digital repositories of human thought opens radical novel way of studying the human mind . natural language processing tools and computational models have evolved such that many mental conditions are predicted by analysing speech . transcription of interviews and discourses are analyzed using syntactic , grammatical or sentiment analysis to infer the mental state . here we set to investigate if classification of bipolar and control s ←
→ an adaptive statistical non - uniform quantizer for detail wavelet components in lossy jpeg2000 image compression ; the paper presents a non - uniform quantization method for the detail components in the jpeg2000 standard . incorporating the fact that the coefficients lying towards the ends of the histogram plot of each detail component represent the structural information of an image , the quantization step sizes become smaller at they approach the ends of the histogram plot . the variable quantization step siz ←
→ flight dynamics - based recovery of a uav trajectory using ground cameras ; we propose a new method to estimate the 6 - dof trajectory of a flying object such as a quadrotor uav within a 3d airspace monitored using multiple fixed ground cameras . it is based on a new structure from motion formulation for the 3d reconstruction of a single moving point with known motion dynamics . our main contribution is a new bundle adjustment procedure which in addition to optimizing the camera poses , regularizes the point traje ←
→ an algorithm for deciding if a set of observed independencies has a causal explanation ; in a previous paper [ pearl and verma , 1991 ] we presented an algorithm for extracting causal influences from independence information , where a causal influence was defined as the existence of a directed arc in all minimal causal models consistent with the data . in this paper we address the question of deciding whether there exists a causal model that explains all the observed dependencies and independencies . formally , ←
→ self - reflective risk - aware artificial cognitive modeling for robot response to human behaviors ; in order for cooperative robots (" co - robots ") to respond to human behaviors accurately and efficiently in human - robot collaboration , interpretation of human actions , awareness of new situations , and appropriate decision making are all crucial abilities for co - robots . for this purpose , the human behaviors should be interpreted by co - robots in the same manner as human peers . to address this issue , a novel interp ←
→ open challenges in understanding development and evolution of speech forms : the roles of embodied self - organization , motivation and active exploration ; this article discusses open scientific challenges for understanding development and evolution of speech forms , as a commentary to moulin - frier et al . ( moulin - frier et al ., 2015 ). based on the analysis of mathematical models of the origins of speech forms , with a focus on their assumptions , we study the fundamental question of how speech can be formed o ←
→ online anomaly detection systems using incremental commute time ; commute time distance ( ctd ) is a random walk based metric on graphs . ctd has found widespread applications in many domains including personalized search , collaborative filtering and making search engines robust against manipulation . our interest is inspired by the use of ctd as a metric for anomaly detection . it has been shown that ctd can be used to simultaneously identify both global and local anomalies . here we propose an accurate and effi ←
→ attentive semantic video generation using captions ; this paper proposes a network architecture to perform variable length semantic video generation using captions . we adopt a new perspective towards video generation where we allow the captions to be combined with the long - term and short - term dependencies between video frames and thus generate a video in an incremental manner . our experiments demonstrate our network architecture ' s ability to distinguish between objects , actions and interactions in a video a ←
→ reasoning with individuals for the description logic shiq ; while there has been a great deal of work on the development of reasoning algorithms for expressive description logics , in most cases only tbox reasoning is considered . in this paper we present an algorithm for combined tbox and abox reasoning in the shiq description logic . this algorithm is of particular interest as it can be used to decide the problem of ( database ) conjunctive query containment w . r . t . a schema . moreover , the realisation of an eff ←
→ web - scale training for face identification ; scaling machine learning methods to very large datasets has attracted considerable attention in recent years , thanks to easy access to ubiquitous sensing and data from the web . we study face recognition and show that three distinct properties have surprising effects on the transferability of deep convolutional networks ( cnn ): ( 1 ) the bottleneck of the network serves as an important transfer learning regularizer , and ( 2 ) in contrast to the common wisdom , performan ←
→ knapsack constrained contextual submodular list prediction with application to multi - document summarization ; we study the problem of predicting a set or list of options under knapsack constraint . the quality of such lists are evaluated by a submodular reward function that measures both quality and diversity . similar to dagger ( ross et al ., 2010 ), by a reduction to online learning , we show how to adapt two sequence prediction models to imitate greedy maximization under knapsack constraint problems : conseq ←
→ calculated attributes of synonym sets ; the goal of formalization , proposed in this paper , is to bring together , as near as possible , the theoretic linguistic problem of synonym conception and the computer linguistic methods based generally on empirical intuitive unjustified factors . using the word vector representation we have proposed the geometric approach to mathematical modeling of synonym set ( synset ). the word embedding is based on the neural networks ( skip - gram , cbow ), developed and realized as word ←
→ learning performance of prediction markets with kelly bettors ; in evaluating prediction markets ( and other crowd - prediction mechanisms ), investigators have repeatedly observed a so - called " wisdom of crowds " effect , which roughly says that the average of participants performs much better than the average participant . the market price --- an average or at least aggregate of traders ' beliefs --- offers a better estimate than most any individual trader ' s opinion . in this paper , we ask a stronger question : how does ←
→ hierarchical internal representation of spectral features in deep convolutional networks trained for eeg decoding ; recently , there is increasing interest and research on the interpretability of machine learning models , for example how they transform and internally represent eeg signals in brain - computer interface ( bci ) applications . this can help to understand the limits of the model and how it may be improved , in addition to possibly provide insight about the data itself . schirrmeister et al . ( 2017 ) hav ←
→ a knowledge mining model for ranking institutions using rough computing with ordering rules and formal concept analysis ; emergences of computers and information technological revolution made tremendous changes in the real world and provides a different dimension for the intelligent data analysis . well formed fact , the information at right time and at right place deploy a better knowledge . however , the challenge arises when larger volume of inconsistent data is given for decision making and knowledge extra ←
→ high - level numerical simulations of noise in ccd and cmos photosensors : review and tutorial ; in many applications , such as development and testing of image processing algorithms , it is often necessary to simulate images containing realistic noise from solid - state photosensors . a high - level model of ccd and cmos photosensors based on a literature review is formulated in this paper . the model includes photo - response non - uniformity , photon shot noise , dark current fixed pattern noise , dark current shot nois ←
→ join - graph based cost - shifting schemes ; we develop several algorithms taking advantage of two common approaches for bounding mpe queries in graphical models : minibucket elimination and message - passing updates for linear programming relaxations . both methods are quite similar , and offer useful perspectives for the other ; our hybrid approaches attempt to balance the advantages of each . we demonstrate the power of our hybrid algorithms through extensive empirical evaluation . most notably , a branch and bound s ←
→ sparse named entity classification using factorization machines ; named entity classification is the task of classifying text - based elements into various categories , including places , names , dates , times , and monetary values . a bottleneck in named entity classification , however , is the data problem of sparseness , because new named entities continually emerge , making it rather difficult to maintain a dictionary for named entity classification . thus , in this paper , we address the problem of named entity class ←
→ causality networks ; while correlation measures are used to discern statistical relationships between observed variables in almost all branches of data - driven scientific inquiry , what we are really interested in is the existence of causal dependence . designing an efficient causality test , that may be carried out in the absence of restrictive pre - suppositions on the underlying dynamical structure of the data at hand , is non - trivial . nevertheless , ability to computationally infer statistical prima facie evide ←
→ sequence - to - sequence models can directly translate foreign speech ; we present a recurrent encoder - decoder deep neural network architecture that directly translates speech in one language into text in another . the model does not explicitly transcribe the speech into text in the source language , nor does it require supervision from the ground truth source language transcription during training . we apply a slightly modified sequence - to - sequence with attention architecture that has previously been used for spe ←
→ image type water meter character recognition based on embedded dsp ; in the paper , we combined dsp processor with image processing algorithm and studied the method of water meter character recognition . we collected water meter image through camera at a fixed angle , and the projection method is used to recognize those digital images . the experiment results show that the method can recognize the meter characters accurately and artificial meter reading is replaced by automatic digital recognition , which improv ←
→ automatic network reconstruction using asp ; building biological models by inferring functional dependencies from experimental data is an im - portant issue in molecular biology . to relieve the biologist from this traditionally manual process , various approaches have been proposed to increase the degree of automation . however , available ap - proaches often yield a single model only , rely on specific assumptions , and / or use dedicated , heuris - tic algorithms that are intolerant to changing circumstances or requ ←
→ language access : an information based approach ; the anusaaraka system ( a kind of machine translation system ) makes text in one indian language accessible through another indian language . the machine presents an image of the source text in a language close to the target language . in the image , some constructions of the source language ( which do not have equivalents in the target language ) spill over to the output . some special notation is also devised . anusaarakas have been built from five pairs of langua ←
→ wide baseline stereo matching with convex bounded - distortion constraints ; finding correspondences in wide baseline setups is a challenging problem . existing approaches have focused largely on developing better feature descriptors for correspondence and on accurate recovery of epipolar line constraints . this paper focuses on the challenging problem of finding correspondences once approximate epipolar constraints are given . we introduce a novel method that integrates a deformation model . specifically , we for ←
→ censoring representations with an adversary ; in practice , there are often explicit constraints on what representations or decisions are acceptable in an application of machine learning . for example it may be a legal requirement that a decision must not favour a particular group . alternatively it can be that that representation of data must not have identifying information . we address these two related issues by learning flexible representations that minimize the capability of an adversarial critic . this ad ←
→ memory capacity of a random neural network ; this paper considers the problem of information capacity of a random neural network . the network is represented by matrices that are square and symmetrical . the matrices have a weight which determines the highest and lowest possible value found in the matrix . the examined matrices are randomly generated and analyzed by a computer program . we find the surprising result that the capacity of the network is a maximum for the binary random neural network and it does n ←
→ graph kernels between point clouds ; point clouds are sets of points in two or three dimensions . most kernel methods for learning on sets of points have not yet dealt with the specific geometrical invariances and practical constraints associated with point clouds in computer vision and graphics . in this paper , we present extensions of graph kernels for point clouds , which allow to use kernel methods for such ob jects as shapes , line drawings , or any three - dimensional point clouds . in order to design rich an ←
→ tenacious tagging of images via mellin monomials ; we describe a method for attaching persistent metadata to an image . the method can be interpreted as a template - based blind watermarking scheme , robust to common editing operations , namely : cropping , rotation , scaling , stretching , shearing , compression , printing , scanning , noise , and color removal . robustness is achieved through the reciprocity of the embedding and detection invariants . the embedded patterns are real onedimensional mellin monomial patterns ←
→ attribute - efficient evolvability of linear functions ; in a seminal paper , valiant ( 2006 ) introduced a computational model for evolution to address the question of complexity that can arise through darwinian mechanisms . valiant views evolution as a restricted form of computational learning , where the goal is to evolve a hypothesis that is close to the ideal function . feldman ( 2008 ) showed that ( correlational ) statistical query learning algorithms could be framed as evolutionary mechanisms in valiant ' s model ←
→ on the effectiveness of simple success - based parameter selection mechanisms for two classical discrete black - box optimization benchmark problems ; despite significant empirical and theoretically supported evidence that non - static parameter choices can be strongly beneficial in evolutionary computation , the question how to best adjust parameter values plays only a marginal role in contemporary research on discrete black - box optimization . this has led to the unsatisfactory situation in which feedback - free ←
→ planning by rewriting ; domain - independent planning is a hard combinatorial problem . taking into account plan quality makes the task even more difficult . this article introduces planning by rewriting ( pbr ), a new paradigm for efficient high - quality domain - independent planning . pbr exploits declarative plan - rewriting rules and efficient local search techniques to transform an easy - to - generate , but possibly suboptimal , initial plan into a high - quality plan . in addition to addressing the issues of planning eff ←
→ towards resolving unidentifiability in inverse reinforcement learning ; we consider a setting for inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) where the learner is extended with the ability to actively select multiple environments , observing an agent ' s behavior on each environment . we first demonstrate that if the learner can experiment with any transition dynamics on some fixed set of states and actions , then there exists an algorithm that reconstructs the agent ' s reward function to the fullest extent theoreticall ←
→ tfw , damngina , juvie , and hotsie - totsie : on the linguistic and social aspects of internet slang ; slang is ubiquitous on the internet . the emergence of new social contexts like micro - blogs , question - answering forums , and social networks has enabled slang and non - standard expressions to abound on the web . despite this , slang has been traditionally viewed as a form of non - standard language -- a form of language that is not the focus of linguistic analysis and has largely been neglected . in this work , we use ←
→ investigation of different skeleton features for cnn - based 3d action recognition ; deep learning techniques are being used in skeleton based action recognition tasks and outstanding performance has been reported . compared with rnn based methods which tend to overemphasize temporal information , cnn - based approaches can jointly capture spatio - temporal information from texture color images encoded from skeleton sequences . there are several skeleton - based features that have proven effective in rnn - based and h ←
→ latent tree models and approximate inference in bayesian networks ; we propose a novel method for approximate inference in bayesian networks ( bns ). the idea is to sample data from a bn , learn a latent tree model ( ltm ) from the data offline , and when online , make inference with the ltm instead of the original bn . because ltms are tree - structured , inference takes linear time . in the meantime , they can represent complex relationship among leaf nodes and hence the approximation accuracy is often good . empirical ←
→ a new approach for finding the global optimal point using subdividing labeling method ( slm ) ; in most global optimization problems , finding global optimal point inthe multidimensional and great search space needs high computations . in this paper , we present a new approach to find global optimal point with the low computation and few steps using subdividing labeling method ( slm ) which can also be used in the multi - dimensional and great search space . in this approach , in each step , crossing points will be l ←
→ expert system for diagnosis of chest diseases using neural networks ; this article represents one of the contemporary trends in the application of the latest methods of information and communication technology for medicine through an expert system helps the doctor to diagnose some chest diseases which is important because of the frequent spread of chest diseases nowadays in addition to the overlap symptoms of these diseases , which is difficult to right diagnose by doctors with several algorithms : forward ch ←
→ product / brand extraction from wikipedia ; in this paper we describe the task of extracting product and brand pages from wikipedia . we present an experimental environment and setup built on top of a dataset of wikipedia pages we collected . we introduce a method for recognition of product pages modelled as a boolean probabilistic classification task . we show that this approach can lead to promising results and we discuss alternative approaches we considered .←
→ transferable semi - supervised semantic segmentation ; the performance of deep learning based semantic segmentation models heavily depends on sufficient data with careful annotations . however , even the largest public datasets only provide samples with pixel - level annotations for rather limited semantic categories . such data scarcity critically limits scalability and applicability of semantic segmentation models in real applications . in this paper , we propose a novel transferable semi - supervised semantic segme ←
→ unit commitment using nearest neighbor as a short - term proxy ; we devise the unit commitment nearest neighbor ( ucnn ) algorithm to be used as a proxy for quickly approximating outcomes of short - term decisions , to make tractable hierarchical long - term assessment and planning for large power systems . experimental results on updated versions of ieee - rts79 and ieee - rts96 show high accuracy measured on operational cost , achieved in runtimes that are lower in several orders of magnitude than the traditional approa ←
→ expectation learning for adaptive crossmodal stimuli association ; the human brain is able to learn , generalize , and predict crossmodal stimuli . learning by expectation fine - tunes crossmodal processing at different levels , thus enhancing our power of generalization and adaptation in highly dynamic environments . in this paper , we propose a deep neural architecture trained by using expectation learning accounting for unsupervised learning tasks . our learning model exhibits a self - adaptable behavior , setting t ←
→ fast optimization algorithm on riemannian manifolds and its application in low - rank representation ; the paper addresses the problem of optimizing a class of composite functions on riemannian manifolds and a new first order optimization algorithm ( foa ) with a fast convergence rate is proposed . through the theoretical analysis for foa , it has been proved that the algorithm has quadratic convergence . the experiments in the matrix completion task show that foa has better performance than other first order op ←
→ the generalized riemann or henstock integral underpinning multivariate data analysis : application to faint structure finding in price processes ; practical data analysis involves many implicit or explicit assumptions about the good behavior of the data , and excludes consideration of various potentially pathological or limit cases . in this work , we present a new general theory of data , and of data processing , to bypass some of these assumptions . the new framework presented is focused on integration , and ha ←
→ learning probabilistic programs using backpropagation ; probabilistic modeling enables combining domain knowledge with learning from data , thereby supporting learning from fewer training instances than purely data - driven methods . however , learning probabilistic models is difficult and has not achieved the level of performance of methods such as deep neural networks on many tasks . in this paper , we attempt to address this issue by presenting a method for learning the parameters of a probabilistic program usi ←
→ causal discovery in the presence of measurement error : identifiability conditions ; measurement error in the observed values of the variables can greatly change the output of various causal discovery methods . this problem has received much attention in multiple fields , but it is not clear to what extent the causal model for the measurement - error - free variables can be identified in the presence of measurement error with unknown variance . in this paper , we study precise sufficient identifiability conditions ←
→ adaptive bases for reinforcement learning ; we consider the problem of reinforcement learning using function approximation , where the approximating basis can change dynamically while interacting with the environment . a motivation for such an approach is maximizing the value function fitness to the problem faced . three errors are considered : approximation square error , bellman residual , and projected bellman residual . algorithms under the actor - critic framework are presented , and shown to converge . the advan ←
→ a budget - constrained inverse classification framework for smooth classifiers ; inverse classification is the process of manipulating an instance such that it is more likely to conform to a specific class . past methods that address such a problem have shortcomings . greedy methods make changes that are overly radical , often relying on data that is strictly discrete . other methods rely on certain data points , the presence of which cannot be guaranteed . in this paper we propose a general framework and method ←
→ using artificial tokens to control languages for multilingual image caption generation ; recent work in computer vision has yielded impressive results in automatically describing images with natural language . most of these systems generate captions in a sin - gle language , requiring multiple language - specific models to build a multilingual captioning system . we propose a very simple technique to build a single unified model across languages , using artificial tokens to control the language , making the capti ←
→ extracting features from ratings : the role of factor models ; performing effective preference - based data retrieval requires detailed and preferentially meaningful structurized information about the current user as well as the items under consideration . a common problem is that representations of items often only consist of mere technical attributes , which do not resemble human perception . this is particularly true for integral items such as movies or songs . it is often claimed that meaningful item features ←
→ experimental evaluation of branching schemes for the csp ; the search strategy of a cp solver is determined by the variable and value ordering heuristics it employs and by the branching scheme it follows . although the effects of variable and value ordering heuristics on search effort have been widely studied , the effects of different branching schemes have received less attention . in this paper we study this effect through an experimental evaluation that includes standard branching schemes such as 2 - way , d -←
→ towards thinner convolutional neural networks through gradually global pruning ; deep network pruning is an effective method to reduce the storage and computation cost of deep neural networks when applying them to resource - limited devices . among many pruning granularities , neuron level pruning will remove redundant neurons and filters in the model and result in thinner networks . in this paper , we propose a gradually global pruning scheme for neuron level pruning . in each pruning step , a small percent of n ←
→ structured learning of sum - of - submodular higher order energy functions ; submodular functions can be exactly minimized in polynomial time , and the special case that graph cuts solve with max flow \ cite { kz : pami04 } has had significant impact in computer vision \ cite { bvz : pami01 , kwatra : siggraph03 , rother : grabcut04 }. in this paper we address the important class of sum - of - submodular ( sos ) functions \ cite { arora : eccv12 , kolmogorov : dam12 }, which can be efficiently minimized via a variant of max flow called submodular ←
→ multi - class svms : from tighter data - dependent generalization bounds to novel algorithms ; this paper studies the generalization performance of multi - class classification algorithms , for which we obtain , for the first time , a data - dependent generalization error bound with a logarithmic dependence on the class size , substantially improving the state - of - the - art linear dependence in the existing data - dependent generalization analysis . the theoretical analysis motivates us to introduce a new multi - class classi ←
→ towards an automatic turing test : learning to evaluate dialogue responses ; automatically evaluating the quality of dialogue responses for unstructured domains is a challenging problem . unfortunately , existing automatic evaluation metrics are biased and correlate very poorly with human judgements of response quality . yet having an accurate automatic evaluation procedure is crucial for dialogue research , as it allows rapid prototyping and testing of new models with fewer expensive human evaluations . in res ←
→ towards structured analysis of broadcast badminton videos ; sports video data is recorded for nearly every major tournament but remains archived and inaccessible to large scale data mining and analytics . it can only be viewed sequentially or manually tagged with higher - level labels which is time consuming and prone to errors . in this work , we propose an end - to - end framework for automatic attributes tagging and analysis of sport videos . we use commonly available broadcast videos of matches and , unlike previo ←
→ minimum error tree decomposition ; this paper describes a generalization of previous methods for constructing tree - structured belief network with hidden variables . the major new feature of the described method is the ability to produce a tree decomposition even when there are errors in the correlation data among the input variables . this is an important extension of existing methods since the correlational coefficients usually cannot be measured with precision . the technique involves using a greedy search a ←
→ an analytical piecewise radial distortion model for precision camera calibration ; the common approach to radial distortion is by the means of polynomial approximation , which introduces distortion - specific parameters into the camera model and requires estimation of these distortion parameters . the task of estimating radial distortion is to find a radial distortion model that allows easy undistortion as well as satisfactory accuracy . this paper presents a new piecewise radial distortion model with easy ana ←
→ learning to embed words in context for syntactic tasks ; we present models for embedding words in the context of surrounding words . such models , which we refer to as token embeddings , represent the characteristics of a word that are specific to a given context , such as word sense , syntactic category , and semantic role . we explore simple , efficient token embedding models based on standard neural network architectures . we learn token embeddings on a large amount of unannotated text and evaluate them as featur ←
→ automatic skin lesion analysis using large - scale dermoscopy images and deep residual networks ; malignant melanoma has one of the most rapidly increasing incidences in the world and has a considerable mortality rate . early diagnosis is particularly important since melanoma can be cured with prompt excision . dermoscopy images play an important role in the non - invasive early detection of melanoma [ 1 ]. however , melanoma detection using human vision alone can be subjective , inaccurate and poorly reproducible ←
→ ac - blstm : asymmetric convolutional bidirectional lstm networks for text classification ; recently deeplearning models have been shown to be capable of making remarkable performance in sentences and documents classification tasks . in this work , we propose a novel framework called ac - blstm for modeling sentences and documents , which combines the asymmetric convolution neural network ( acnn ) with the bidirectional long short - term memory network ( blstm ). experiment results demonstrate that our model achieves s ←
→ patch - based image inpainting with generative adversarial networks ; area of image inpainting over relatively large missing regions recently advanced substantially through adaptation of dedicated deep neural networks . however , current network solutions still introduce undesired artifacts and noise to the repaired regions . we present an image inpainting method that is based on the celebrated generative adversarial network ( gan ) framework . the proposed pggan method includes a discriminator network that combine ←
→ multi - view dynamic facial action unit detection ; we propose a novel convolutional neural network architecture to address the fine - grained recognition problem of multi - view dynamic facial action unit detection . we leverage recent gains in large - scale object recognition by formulating the task of predicting the presence or absence of a specific action unit in a still image of a human face as holistic classification . we then explore the design space of our approach by considering both shared and independent r ←
→ social - sparsity brain decoders : faster spatial sparsity ; spatially - sparse predictors are good models for brain decoding : they give accurate predictions and their weight maps are interpretable as they focus on a small number of regions . however , the state of the art , based on total variation or graph - net , is computationally costly . here we introduce sparsity in the local neighborhood of each voxel with social - sparsity , a structured shrinkage operator . we find that , on brain imaging classification problems , ←
→ modèle flou d ' expression des préférences basé sur les cp - nets ; this article addresses the problem of expressing preferences in flexible queries while basing on a combination of the fuzzy logic theory and conditional preference networks or cp - nets .←
→ temporal overdrive recurrent neural network ; in this work we present a novel recurrent neural network architecture designed to model systems characterized by multiple characteristic timescales in their dynamics . the proposed network is composed by several recurrent groups of neurons that are trained to separately adapt to each timescale , in order to improve the system identification process . we test our framework on time series prediction tasks and we show some promising , preliminary results achieved on sy ←
→ knowledge and common knowledge in a distributed environment ; reasoning about knowledge seems to play a fundamental role in distributed systems . indeed , such reasoning is a central part of the informal intuitive arguments used in the design of distributed protocols . communication in a distributed system can be viewed as the act of transforming the system ' s state of knowledge . this paper presents a general framework for formalizing and reasoning about knowledge in distributed systems . we argue that states of ←
→ testing the agreementmaker system in the anatomy task of oaei 2012 ; the agreementmaker system was the leading system in the anatomy task of the ontology alignment evaluation initiative ( oaei ) competition in 2011 . while agreementmaker did not compete in oaei 2012 , here we report on its performance in the 2012 anatomy task , using the same configurations of agreementmaker submitted to oaei 2011 . additionally , we also test agreementmaker using an updated version of the uberon ontology as a mediating ontology , ←
→ monotone conditional complexity bounds on future prediction errors ; we bound the future loss when predicting any ( computably ) stochastic sequence online . solomonoff finitely bounded the total deviation of his universal predictor m from the true distribution m by the algorithmic complexity of m . here we assume we are at a time t > 1 and already observed x = x_1 ... x_t . we bound the future prediction performance on x_ { t + 1 } x_ { t + 2 }... by a new variant of algorithmic complexity of m given x , plus the complexity of t ←
→ learning random fourier features by hybrid constrained optimization ; the kernel embedding algorithm is an important component for adapting kernel methods to large datasets . since the algorithm consumes a major computation cost in the testing phase , we propose a novel teacher - learner framework of learning computation - efficient kernel embeddings from specific data . in the framework , the high - precision embeddings ( teacher ) transfer the data information to the computation - efficient kernel embeddings ( learner ).←
→ a novel local search based on variable - focusing for random k - sat ; we introduce a new local search algorithm for satisfiability problems . usual approaches focus uniformly on unsatisfied clauses . the new method works by picking uniformly random variables in unsatisfied clauses . a variable - based focused metropolis search ( v - fms ) is then applied to random 3 - sat . we show that it is quite comparable in performance to the clause - based fms . consequences for algorithmic design are discussed .←
→ learning distributed representations of texts and entities from knowledge base ; we describe a neural network model that jointly learns distributed representations of texts and knowledge base ( kb ) entities . given a text in the kb , we train our proposed model to predict entities that are relevant to the text . our model is designed to be generic with the ability to address various nlp tasks with ease . we train the model using a large corpus of texts and their entity annotations extracted from wikipedia . we ←
→ robust spectral inference for joint stochastic matrix factorization ; spectral inference provides fast algorithms and provable optimality for latent topic analysis . but for real data these algorithms require additional ad - hoc heuristics , and even then often produce unusable results . we explain this poor performance by casting the problem of topic inference in the framework of joint stochastic matrix factorization ( jsmf ) and showing that previous methods violate the theoretical conditions necessary for a goo ←
→ ssemnet : serial - section electron microscopy image registration using a spatial transformer network with learned features ; the alignment of serial - section electron microscopy ( ssem ) images is critical for efforts in neuroscience that seek to reconstruct neuronal circuits . however , each ssem plane contains densely packed structures that vary from one section to the next , which makes matching features across images a challenge . advances in deep learning has resulted in unprecedented performance in similar c ←
→ design , implementation and simulation of a cloud computing system for enhancing real - time video services by using vanet and onboard navigation systems ; in this paper , we propose a design for novel and experimental cloud computing systems . the proposed system aims at enhancing computational , communicational and annalistic capabilities of road navigation services by merging several independent technologies , namely vision - based embedded navigation systems , prominent cloud computing systems ( ccss ) and vehi ←
→ classifier learning with supervised marginal likelihood ; it has been argued that in supervised classification tasks , in practice it may be more sensible to perform model selection with respect to some more focused model selection score , like the supervised ( conditional ) marginal likelihood , than with respect to the standard marginal likelihood criterion . however , for most bayesian network models , computing the supervised marginal likelihood score takes exponential time with respect to the amount of observe ←
→ ssd : single shot multibox detector ; we present a method for detecting objects in images using a single deep neural network . our approach , named ssd , discretizes the output space of bounding boxes into a set of default boxes over different aspect ratios and scales per feature map location . at prediction time , the network generates scores for the presence of each object category in each default box and produces adjustments to the box to better match the object shape . additionally , the network combines predic ←
→ generation of two - layer monotonic functions ; the problem of implementing a class of functions with particular conditions by using monotonic multilayer functions is considered . a genetic algorithm is used to create monotonic functions of a certain class , and these are implemented with two - layer monotonic functions . the existence of a solution to the given problem suggests that from two monotone functions , a monotonic function with the same dimensions can be created . a new algorithm based on the genetic algo ←
→ learning a wavelet - like auto - encoder to accelerate deep neural networks ; accelerating deep neural networks ( dnns ) has been attracting increasing attention as it can benefit a wide range of applications , e . g ., enabling mobile systems with limited computing resources to own powerful visual recognition ability . a practical strategy to this goal usually relies on a two - stage process : operating on the trained dnns ( e . g ., approximating the convolutional filters with tensor decomposition ) and fine - tuning the amen ←
→ from one point to a manifold : knowledge graph embedding for precise link prediction ; knowledge graph embedding aims at offering a numerical knowledge representation paradigm by transforming the entities and relations into continuous vector space . however , existing methods could not characterize the knowledge graph in a fine degree to make a precise prediction . there are two reasons : being an ill - posed algebraic system and applying an overstrict geometric form . as precise prediction is critical , we propos ←
→ rotational mutation genetic algorithm on optimization problems ; optimization problem , nowadays , have more application in all major but they have problem in computation . calculation of the optimum point in the spaces with the above dimensions is very time consuming . in this paper , there is presented a new approach for the optimization of continuous functions with rotational mutation that is called rm . the proposed algorithm starts from the point which has best fitness value by elitism mechanism . then , metho ←
→ dempster - shafer clustering using potts spin mean field theory ; in this article we investigate a problem within dempster - shafer theory where 2 ** q - 1 pieces of evidence are clustered into q clusters by minimizing a metaconflict function , or equivalently , by minimizing the sum of weight of conflict over all clusters . previously one of us developed a method based on a hopfield and tank model . however , for very large problems we need a method with lower computational complexity . we demonstrate that the weight ←
→ deep scene text detection with connected component proposals ; a growing demand for natural - scene text detection has been witnessed by the computer vision community since text information plays a significant role in scene understanding and image indexing . deep neural networks are being used due to their strong capabilities of pixel - wise classification or word localization , similar to being used in common vision problems . in this paper , we present a novel two - task network with integrating bottom and top cues ←
→ deep long short - term memory adaptive beamforming networks for multichannel robust speech recognition ; far - field speech recognition in noisy and reverberant conditions remains a challenging problem despite recent deep learning breakthroughs . this problem is commonly addressed by acquiring a speech signal from multiple microphones and performing beamforming over them . in this paper , we propose to use a recurrent neural network with long short - term memory ( lstm ) architecture to adaptively estimate real - time ←
→ topological graph clustering with thin position ; a clustering algorithm partitions a set of data points into smaller sets ( clusters ) such that each subset is more tightly packed than the whole . many approaches to clustering translate the vector data into a graph with edges reflecting a distance or similarity metric on the points , then look for highly connected subgraphs . we introduce such an algorithm based on ideas borrowed from the topological notion of thin position for knots and 3 - dimensional manifolds ←
→ speeding up permutation testing in neuroimaging ; multiple hypothesis testing is a significant problem in nearly all neuroimaging studies . in order to correct for this phenomena , we require a reliable estimate of the family - wise error rate ( fwer ). the well known bonferroni correction method , while simple to implement , is quite conservative , and can substantially under - power a study because it ignores dependencies between test statistics . permutation testing , on the other hand , is an exact , non - parametric me ←
→ a note on the declarative reading ( s ) of logic programming ; this paper analyses the declarative readings of logic programming . logic programming - and negation as failure - has no unique declarative reading . one common view is that logic programming is a logic for default reasoning , a sub - formalism of default logic or autoepistemic logic . in this view , negation as failure is a modal operator . in an alternative view , a logic program is interpreted as a definition . in this view , negation as failure is classic ←
→ minimax estimation of bandable precision matrices ; the inverse covariance matrix provides considerable insight for understanding statistical models in the multivariate setting . in particular , when the distribution over variables is assumed to be multivariate normal , the sparsity pattern in the inverse covariance matrix , commonly referred to as the precision matrix , corresponds to the adjacency matrix representation of the gauss - markov graph , which encodes conditional independence statements between variabl ←
→ universal intelligence : a definition of machine intelligence ; a fundamental problem in artificial intelligence is that nobody really knows what intelligence is . the problem is especially acute when we need to consider artificial systems which are significantly different to humans . in this paper we approach this problem in the following way : we take a number of well known informal definitions of human intelligence that have been given by experts , and extract their essential features . these are then mathemat ←
→ interpreting graph cuts as a max - product algorithm ; the maximum a posteriori ( map ) configuration of binary variable models with submodular graph - structured energy functions can be found efficiently and exactly by graph cuts . max - product belief propagation ( mp ) has been shown to be suboptimal on this class of energy functions by a canonical counterexample where mp converges to a suboptimal fixed point ( kulesza & pereira , 2008 ). in this work , we show that under a particular scheduling and damping scheme , m ←
→ multi - agent inverse reinforcement learning for zero - sum games ; in this paper we introduce a bayesian framework for solving a class of problems termed multi - agent inverse reinforcement learning ( mirl ). compared to the well - known inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) problem , mirl is formalized in the context of a stochastic game rather than a markov decision process ( mdp ). games bring two primary challenges : first , the concept of optimality , central to mdps , loses its meaning and must be replaced with a more ←
→ on the vocabulary of grammar - based codes and the logical consistency of texts ; the article presents a new interpretation for zipf - mandelbrot ' s law in natural language which rests on two areas of information theory . firstly , we construct a new class of grammar - based codes and , secondly , we investigate properties of strongly nonergodic stationary processes . the motivation for the joint discussion is to prove a proposition with a simple informal statement : if a text of length $ n $ describes $ n ^\ beta $ indepen ←
→ an application of the threshold accepting metaheuristic for curriculum based course timetabling ; the article presents a local search approach for the solution of timetabling problems in general , with a particular implementation for competition track 3 of the international timetabling competition 2007 ( itc 2007 ). the heuristic search procedure is based on threshold accepting to overcome local optima . a stochastic neighborhood is proposed and implemented , randomly removing and reassigning events from the c ←
→ diversity promoting online sampling for streaming video summarization ; many applications benefit from sampling algorithms where a small number of well chosen samples are used to generalize different properties of a large dataset . in this paper , we use diverse sampling for streaming video summarization . several emerging applications support streaming video , but existing summarization algorithms need access to the entire video which requires a lot of memory and computational power . we propose a memory effici ←
→ egocentric vision it technologies for alzheimer disease assessment and studies ; egocentric vision technology consists in capturing the actions of persons from their own visual point of view using wearable camera sensors . we apply this new paradigm to instrumental activities monitoring with the objective of providing new tools for the clinical evaluation of the impact of the disease on persons with dementia . in this paper , we introduce the current state of the development of this technology and focus on t ←
→ higher - order momentum distributions and locally affine lddmm registration ; to achieve sparse parametrizations that allows intuitive analysis , we aim to represent deformation with a basis containing interpretable elements , and we wish to use elements that have the description capacity to represent the deformation compactly . to accomplish this , we introduce in this paper higher - order momentum distributions in the lddmm registration framework . while the zeroth order moments previously used in lddmm only des ←
→ candis : coupled & attention - driven neural distant supervision ; distant supervision for relation extraction uses heuristically aligned text data with an existing knowledge base as training data . the unsupervised nature of this technique allows it to scale to web - scale relation extraction tasks , at the expense of noise in the training data . previous work has explored relationships among instances of the same entity - pair to reduce this noise , but relationships among instances across entity - pairs have not been ←
→ an evaluative baseline for geo - semantic relatedness and similarity ; in geographic information science and semantics , the computation of semantic similarity is widely recognised as key to supporting a vast number of tasks in information integration and retrieval . by contrast , the role of geo - semantic relatedness has been largely ignored . in natural language processing , semantic relatedness is often confused with the more specific semantic similarity . in this article , we discuss a notion of geo - semantic rela ←
→ automatic lymphocyte detection in h & e images with deep neural networks ; automatic detection of lymphocyte in h & e images is a necessary first step in lots of tissue image analysis algorithms . an accurate and robust automated lymphocyte detection approach is of great importance in both computer science and clinical studies . most of the existing approaches for lymphocyte detection are based on traditional image processing algorithms and / or classic machine learning methods . in the recent years , deep learning t ←
→ model selection in undirected graphical models with the elastic net ; structure learning in random fields has attracted considerable attention due to its difficulty and importance in areas such as remote sensing , computational biology , natural language processing , protein networks , and social network analysis . we consider the problem of estimating the probabilistic graph structure associated with a gaussian markov random field ( gmrf ), the ising model and the potts model , by extending previous work on $ l_1 $ ←
→ differentiable dynamic programming for structured prediction and attention ; dynamic programming ( dp ) solves a variety of structured combinatorial problems by iteratively breaking them down into smaller subproblems . in spite of their versatility , dp algorithms are usually non - differentiable , which hampers their use as a layer in neural networks trained by backpropagation . to address this issue , we propose to smooth the max operator in the dynamic programming recursion , using a strongly convex regularizer .←
→ robust stereo feature descriptor for visual odometry ; in this paper , we propose a simple way to utilize stereo camera data to improve feature descriptors . computer vision algorithms that use a stereo camera require some calculations of 3d information . we leverage this pre - calculated information to improve feature descriptor algorithms . we use the 3d feature information to estimate the scale of each feature . this way , each feature descriptor will be more robust to scale change without significant computatio ←
→ serialising the iso synaf syntactic object model ; this paper introduces , an xml format developed to serialise the object model defined by the iso syntactic annotation framework synaf . based on widespread best practices we adapt a popular xml format for syntactic annotation , tigerxml , with additional features to support a variety of syntactic phenomena including constituent and dependency structures , binding , and different node types such as compounds or empty elements . we also define interfaces to other fo ←
→ weighted nonlocal total variation in image processing ; in this paper , a novel weighted nonlocal total variation ( wntv ) method is proposed . compared to the classical nonlocal total variation methods , our method modifies the energy functional to introduce a weight to balance between the labeled sets and unlabeled sets . with extensive numerical examples in semi - supervised clustering , image inpainting and image colorization , we demonstrate that wntv provides an effective and efficient method in many image proc ←
→ prediction with missing data via bayesian additive regression trees ; we present a method for incorporating missing data in non - parametric statistical learning without the need for imputation . we focus on a tree - based method , bayesian additive regression trees ( bart ), enhanced with " missingness incorporated in attributes ," an approach recently proposed incorporating missingness into decision trees ( twala , 2008 ). this procedure takes advantage of the partitioning mechanisms found in tree - based models . simula ←
→ conversational ai : the science behind the alexa prize ; conversational agents are exploding in popularity . however , much work remains in the area of social conversation as well as free - form conversation over a broad range of domains and topics . to advance the state of the art in conversational ai , amazon launched the alexa prize , a 2 . 5 - million - dollar university competition where sixteen selected university teams were challenged to build conversational agents , known as socialbots , to converse coherently and ←
→ detecting confounding in multivariate linear models via spectral analysis ; we study a model where one target variable y is correlated with a vector x :=( x_1 ,..., x_d ) of predictor variables being potential causes of y . we describe a method that infers to what extent the statistical dependences between x and y are due to the influence of x on y and to what extent due to a hidden common cause ( confounder ) of x and y . the method relies on concentration of measure results for large dimensions d and an independ ←
→ real - time multiple object tracking - a study on the importance of speed ; in this project , we implement a multiple object tracker , following the tracking - by - detection paradigm , as an extension of an existing method . it works by modelling the movement of objects by solving the filtering problem , and associating detections with predicted new locations in new frames using the hungarian algorithm . three different similarity measures are used , which use the location and shape of the bounding boxes . compared to o ←
→ a smartphone application to measure the quality of pest control spraying machines via image analysis ; the need for higher agricultural productivity has demanded the intensive use of pesticides . however , their correct use depends on assessment methods that can accurately predict how well the pesticides ' spraying covered the intended crop region . some methods have been proposed in the literature , but their high cost and low portability harm their widespread use . this paper proposes and experimentally evalu ←
→ learning to reinforcement learn ; in recent years deep reinforcement learning ( rl ) systems have attained superhuman performance in a number of challenging task domains . however , a major limitation of such applications is their demand for massive amounts of training data . a critical present objective is thus to develop deep rl methods that can adapt rapidly to new tasks . in the present work we introduce a novel approach to this challenge , which we refer to as deep meta - reinforcement learning . previous work h ←
→ kalman filter control in the reinforcement learning framework ; there is a growing interest in using kalman - filter models in brain modelling . in turn , it is of considerable importance to make kalman - filters amenable for reinforcement learning . in the usual formulation of optimal control it is computed off - line by solving a backward recursion . in this technical note we show that slight modification of the linear - quadratic - gaussian kalman - filter model allows the on - line estimation of optimal control and makes ←
→ effective and extensible feature extraction method using genetic algorithm - based frequency - domain feature search for epileptic eeg multi - classification ; in this paper , a genetic algorithm - based frequency - domain feature search ( gafds ) method is proposed for the electroencephalogram ( eeg ) analysis of epilepsy . in this method , frequency - domain features are first searched and then combined with nonlinear features . subsequently , these features are selected and optimized to classify eeg signals . the extracte ←
→ text coherence analysis based on deep neural network ; in this paper , we propose a novel deep coherence model ( dcm ) using a convolutional neural network architecture to capture the text coherence . the text coherence problem is investigated with a new perspective of learning sentence distributional representation and text coherence modeling simultaneously . in particular , the model captures the interactions between sentences by computing the similarities of their distributional representations . further , it ca ←
→ efficient information theoretic clustering on discrete lattices ; we consider the problem of clustering data that reside on discrete , low dimensional lattices . canonical examples for this setting are found in image segmentation and key point extraction . our solution is based on a recent approach to information theoretic clustering where clusters result from an iterative procedure that minimizes a divergence measure . we replace costly processing steps in the original algorithm by means of convolutions . these ←
→ variational fourier features for gaussian processes ; this work brings together two powerful concepts in gaussian processes : the variational approach to sparse approximation and the spectral representation of gaussian processes . this gives rise to an approximation that inherits the benefits of the variational approach but with the representational power and computational scalability of spectral representations . the work hinges on a key result that there exist spectral features related to a finite domain of ←
→ cost - sensitive approach to batch size adaptation for gradient descent ; in this paper , we propose a novel approach to automatically determine the batch size in stochastic gradient descent methods . the choice of the batch size induces a trade - off between the accuracy of the gradient estimate and the cost in terms of samples of each update . we propose to determine the batch size by optimizing the ratio between a lower bound to a linear or quadratic taylor approximation of the expected improvement and the numb ←
→ autonomous reactive mission scheduling and task - path planning architecture for autonomous underwater vehicle ; an autonomous underwater vehicle ( auv ) should carry out complex tasks in a limited time interval . since existing auvs have limited battery capacity and restricted endurance , they should autonomously manage mission time and the resources to perform effective persistent deployment in longer missions . task assignment requires making decisions subject to resource constraints , while tasks are assigned ←
→ discrete network dynamics . part 1 : operator theory ; an operator algebra implementation of markov chain monte carlo algorithms for simulating markov random fields is proposed . it allows the dynamics of networks whose nodes have discrete state spaces to be specified by the action of an update operator that is composed of creation and annihilation operators . this formulation of discrete network dynamics has properties that are similar to those of a quantum field theory of bosons , which allows reuse of many co ←
→ improving deep pancreas segmentation in ct and mri images via recurrent neural contextual learning and direct loss function ; deep neural networks have demonstrated very promising performance on accurate segmentation of challenging organs ( e . g ., pancreas ) in abdominal ct and mri scans . the current deep learning approaches conduct pancreas segmentation by processing sequences of 2d image slices independently through deep , dense per - pixel masking for each image , without explicitly enforcing spatial consiste ←
→ cross - domain recommendation via deep domain adaptation ; the behavior of users in certain services could be a clue that can be used to infer their preferences and may be used to make recommendations for other services they have never used . however , the cross - domain relationships between items and user consumption patterns are not simple , especially when there are few or no common users and items across domains . to address this problem , we propose a content - based cross - domain recommendation method for cold - s ←
→ integer factorization with a neuromorphic sieve ; the bound to factor large integers is dominated by the computational effort to discover numbers that are smooth , typically performed by sieving a polynomial sequence . on a von neumann architecture , sieving has log - log amortized time complexity to check each value for smoothness . this work presents a neuromorphic sieve that achieves a constant time check for smoothness by exploiting two characteristic properties of neuromorphic architectures : constant time sy ←
→ the expressive power of binary submodular functions ; it has previously been an open problem whether all boolean submodular functions can be decomposed into a sum of binary submodular functions over a possibly larger set of variables . this problem has been considered within several different contexts in computer science , including computer vision , artificial intelligence , and pseudo - boolean optimisation . using a connection between the expressive power of valued constraints and certain algebraic properties o ←
→ exact hybrid covariance thresholding for joint graphical lasso ; this paper considers the problem of estimating multiple related gaussian graphical models from a $ p $- dimensional dataset consisting of different classes . our work is based upon the formulation of this problem as group graphical lasso . this paper proposes a novel hybrid covariance thresholding algorithm that can effectively identify zero entries in the precision matrices and split a large joint graphical lasso problem into small subproblems . ou ←
→ toward an efficient multi - class classification in an open universe ; classification is a fundamental task in machine learning and data mining . existing classification methods are designed to classify unknown instances within a set of previously known training classes . such a classification takes the form of a prediction within a closed - set of classes . however , a more realistic scenario that fits real - world applications is to consider the possibility of encountering instances that do not belong to any of the ←
→ algorithmic stability and hypothesis complexity ; we introduce a notion of algorithmic stability of learning algorithms --- that we term \ emph { argument stability }--- that captures stability of the hypothesis output by the learning algorithm in the normed space of functions from which hypotheses are selected . the main result of the paper bounds the generalization error of any learning algorithm in terms of its argument stability . the bounds are based on martingale inequalities in the banach space to which the h ←
→ probe : predictive robust estimation for visual - inertial navigation ; navigation in unknown , chaotic environments continues to present a significant challenge for the robotics community . lighting changes , self - similar textures , motion blur , and moving objects are all considerable stumbling blocks for state - of - the - art vision - based navigation algorithms . in this paper we present a novel technique for improving localization accuracy within a visual - inertial navigation system ( vins ). we make use of training data ←
→ online representation learning in recurrent neural language models ; we investigate an extension of continuous online learning in recurrent neural network language models . the model keeps a separate vector representation of the current unit of text being processed and adaptively adjusts it after each prediction . the initial experiments give promising results , indicating that the method is able to increase language modelling accuracy , while also decreasing the parameters needed to store the model along with ←
→ characterization of deterministic and probabilistic sampling patterns for finite completability of low tensor - train rank tensor ; in this paper , we analyze the fundamental conditions for low - rank tensor completion given the separation or tensor - train ( tt ) rank , i . e ., ranks of unfoldings . we exploit the algebraic structure of the tt decomposition to obtain the deterministic necessary and sufficient conditions on the locations of the samples to ensure finite completability . specifically , we propose an algeb ←
→ concept generation in language evolution ; this thesis investigates the generation of new concepts from combinations of existing concepts as a language evolves . we give a method for combining concepts , and will be investigating the utility of composite concepts in language evolution and thence the utility of concept generation .←
→ optimal cost almost - sure reachability in pomdps ; we consider partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) with a set of target states and every transition is associated with an integer cost . the optimization objective we study asks to minimize the expected total cost till the target set is reached , while ensuring that the target set is reached almost - surely ( with probability 1 ). we show that for integer costs approximating the optimal cost is undecidable . for positive costs , our results are as f ←
→ combining naive bayes and decision tree for adaptive intrusion detection ; in this paper , a new learning algorithm for adaptive network intrusion detection using naive bayesian classifier and decision tree is presented , which performs balance detections and keeps false positives at acceptable level for different types of network attacks , and eliminates redundant attributes as well as contradictory examples from training data that make the detection model complex . the proposed algorithm also addresses some d ←
→ on a formal model of safe and scalable self - driving cars ; in recent years , car makers and tech companies have been racing towards self driving cars . it seems that the main parameter in this race is who will have the first car on the road . the goal of this paper is to add to the equation two additional crucial parameters . the first is standardization of safety assurance --- what are the minimal requirements that every self - driving car must satisfy , and how can we verify these requirements . the second parame ←
→ transductive learning for multi - task copula processes ; we tackle the problem of multi - task learning with copula process . multivariable prediction in spatial and spatial - temporal processes such as natural resource estimation and pollution monitoring have been typically addressed using techniques based on gaussian processes and co - kriging . while the gaussian prior assumption is convenient from analytical and computational perspectives , nature is dominated by non - gaussian likelihoods . copula processes are an ←
→ a multilevel coordinate search algorithm for well placement , control and joint optimization ; determining optimal well placements and controls are two important tasks in oil field development . these problems are computationally expensive , nonconvex , and contain multiple optima . the practical solution of these problems require efficient and robust algorithms . in this paper , the multilevel coordinate search ( mcs ) algorithm is applied for well placement and control optimization problems . mcs is a derivative -←
→ complexity of grammar induction for quantum types ; most categorical models of meaning use a functor from the syntactic category to the semantic category . when semantic information is available , the problem of grammar induction can therefore be defined as finding preimages of the semantic types under this forgetful functor , lifting the information flow from the semantic level to a valid reduction at the syntactic level . we study the complexity of grammar induction , and show that for a variety of type system ←
→ unperturbed : spectral analysis beyond davis - kahan ; classical matrix perturbation results , such as weyl ' s theorem for eigenvalues and the davis - kahan theorem for eigenvectors , are general purpose . these classical bounds are tight in the worst case , but in many settings sub - optimal in the typical case . in this paper , we present perturbation bounds which consider the nature of the perturbation and its interaction with the unperturbed structure in order to obtain significant improvements over the classical the ←
→ joint dictionaries for zero - shot learning ; a classic approach toward zero - shot learning ( zsl ) is to map the input domain to a set of semantically meaningful attributes that could be used later on to classify unseen classes of data ( e . g . visual data ). in this paper , we propose to learn a visual feature dictionary that has semantically meaningful atoms . such dictionary is learned via joint dictionary learning for the visual domain and the attribute domain , while enforcing the same sparse coding for both dict ←
→ crisner : a practically efficient reasoner for qualitative preferences ; we present crisner ( conditional & relative importance statement network preference reasoner ), a tool that provides practically efficient as well as exact reasoning about qualitative preferences in popular ceteris paribus preference languages such as cp - nets , tcp - nets , cp - theories , etc . the tool uses a model checking engine to translate preference specifications and queries into appropriate kripke models and verifiable properties over th ←
→ the complexity of planning revisited - a parameterized analysis ; the early classifications of the computational complexity of planning under various restrictions in strips ( bylander ) and sas + ( baeckstroem and nebel ) have influenced following research in planning in many ways . we go back and reanalyse their subclasses , but this time using the more modern tool of parameterized complexity analysis . this provides new results that together with the old results give a more detailed picture of the complexity land ←
→ subspace based low rank and joint sparse matrix recovery ; we consider the recovery of a low rank and jointly sparse matrix from under sampled measurements of its columns . this problem is highly relevant in the recovery of dynamic mri data with high spatio - temporal resolution , where each column of the matrix corresponds to a frame in the image time series ; the matrix is highly low - rank since the frames are highly correlated . similarly the non - zero locations of the matrix in appropriate transform / frame domai ←
→ a unified multi - faceted video summarization system ; this paper addresses automatic summarization and search in visual data comprising of videos , live streams and image collections in a unified manner . in particular , we propose a framework for multi - faceted summarization which extracts key - frames ( image summaries ), skims ( video summaries ) and entity summaries ( summarization at the level of entities like objects , scenes , humans and faces in the video ). the user can either view these as extractive summarizati ←
→ sunny - cp and the minizinc challenge ; in constraint programming ( cp ) a portfolio solver combines a variety of different constraint solvers for solving a given problem . this fairly recent approach enables to significantly boost the performance of single solvers , especially when multicore architectures are exploited . in this work we give a brief overview of the portfolio solver sunny - cp , and we discuss its performance in the minizinc challenge --- the annual international competition for cp solvers --- where it w ←
→ the latent relation mapping engine : algorithm and experiments ; many ai researchers and cognitive scientists have argued that analogy is the core of cognition . the most influential work on computational modeling of analogy - making is structure mapping theory ( smt ) and its implementation in the structure mapping engine ( sme ). a limitation of sme is the requirement for complex hand - coded representations . we introduce the latent relation mapping engine ( lrme ), which combines ideas from sme and latent relational ←
→ mapping data to ontologies with exceptions using answer set programming ; in ontology - based data access , databases are connected to an ontology via mappings from queries over the database to queries over the ontology . in this paper , we consider mappings from relational databases to first - order ontologies , and define an asp - based framework for glav mappings with queries over the ontology in the mapping rule bodies . we show that this type of mappings can be used to express constraints and exceptions , as well ←
→ on the expressibility of stable logic programming ; ( we apologize for pidgin latex ) schlipf \ cite { sch91 } proved that stable logic programming ( slp ) solves all $\ mathit { np }$ decision problems . we extend schlipf ' s result to prove that slp solves all search problems in the class $\ mathit { np }$. moreover , we do this in a uniform way as defined in \ cite { mt99 }. specifically , we show that there is a single $\ mathrm { datalog }^{\ neg }$ program $ p_ {\ mathit { trg }}$ such that given any turing machine $ m $, any polynomial $ p ←
→ unbiased sparse subspace clustering by selective pursuit ; sparse subspace clustering ( ssc ) is an elegant approach for unsupervised segmentation if the data points of each cluster are located in linear subspaces . this model applies , for instance , in motion segmentation if some restrictions on the camera model hold . ssc requires that problems based on the $ l_1 $- norm are solved to infer which points belong to the same subspace . if these unknown subspaces are well - separated this algorithm is guaranteed to succ ←
→ tracking by prediction : a deep generative model for mutli - person localisation and tracking ; current multi - person localisation and tracking systems have an over reliance on the use of appearance models for target re - identification and almost no approaches employ a complete deep learning solution for both objectives . we present a novel , complete deep learning framework for multi - person localisation and tracking . in this context we first introduce a light weight sequential generative adversarial network arc ←
→ automatic semantic style transfer using deep convolutional neural networks and soft masks ; this paper presents an automatic image synthesis method to transfer the style of an example image to a content image . when standard neural style transfer approaches are used , the textures and colours in different semantic regions of the style image are often applied inappropriately to the content image , ignoring its semantic layout , and ruining the transfer result . in order to reduce or avoid such effects , we propo ←
→ iboa : the incremental bayesian optimization algorithm ; this paper proposes the incremental bayesian optimization algorithm ( iboa ), which modifies standard boa by removing the population of solutions and using incremental updates of the bayesian network . iboa is shown to be able to learn and exploit unrestricted bayesian networks using incremental techniques for updating both the structure as well as the parameters of the probabilistic model . this represents an important step toward the design of competent ←
→ efficient multi - person pose estimation with provable guarantees ; multi - person pose estimation ( mppe ) in natural images is key to the meaningful use of visual data in many fields including movement science , security , and rehabilitation . in this paper we tackle mppe with a bottom - up approach , starting with candidate detections of body parts from a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) and grouping them into people . we formulate the grouping of body part detections into people as a minimum - weight set packing ( mw ←
→ unified deep supervised domain adaptation and generalization ; this work provides a unified framework for addressing the problem of visual supervised domain adaptation and generalization with deep models . the main idea is to exploit the siamese architecture to learn an embedding subspace that is discriminative , and where mapped visual domains are semantically aligned and yet maximally separated . the supervised setting becomes attractive especially when only few target data samples need to be labeled . in thi ←
→ asymptotically optimal algorithms for budgeted multiple play bandits ; we study a generalization of the multi - armed bandit problem with multiple plays where there is a cost associated with pulling each arm and the agent has a budget at each time that dictates how much she can expect to spend . we derive an asymptotic regret lower bound for any uniformly efficient algorithm in our setting . we then study a variant of thompson sampling for bernoulli rewards and a variant of kl - ucb for both single - parameter expo ←
→ efficient parallel connected components labeling with a coarse - to - fine strategy ; this paper proposes a new parallel approach to solve connected components on a 2d binary image implemented with cuda . we employ the following strategies to accelerate neighborhood exploration after dividing an input image into independent blocks . in the local labeling stage , a coarse - labeling algorithm , including row - column connection and label - equivalence list unification , is applied first to sort out the mess of an initial ←
→ iterative thresholding algorithm for sparse inverse covariance estimation ; the l1 - regularized maximum likelihood estimation problem has recently become a topic of great interest within the machine learning , statistics , and optimization communities as a method for producing sparse inverse covariance estimators . in this paper , a proximal gradient method ( g - ista ) for performing l1 - regularized covariance matrix estimation is presented . although numerous algorithms have been proposed for solving this problem ,←
→ tags2parts : discovering semantic regions from shape tags ; we propose a novel method for discovering shape regions that strongly correlate with user - prescribed tags . for example , given a collection of chairs tagged as either " has armrest " or " lacks armrest ", our system correctly highlights the armrest regions as the main distinctive parts between the two chair types . to obtain point - wise predictions from shape - wise tags we develop a novel neural network architecture that is trained with tag classification l ←
→ generalized proportional conflict redistribution rule applied to sonar imagery and radar targets classification ; in this chapter , we present two applications in information fusion in order to evaluate the generalized proportional conflict redistribution rule presented in the chapter \ cite { martin06a }. most of the time the combination rules are evaluated only on simple examples . we study here different combination rules and compare them in terms of decision on real data . indeed , in real applications , we ne ←
→ decision support systems ( dss ) in construction tendering processes ; the successful execution of a construction project is heavily impacted by making the right decision during tendering processes . managing tender procedures is very complex and uncertain involving coordination of many tasks and individuals with different priorities and objectives . bias and inconsistent decision are inevitable if the decision - making process is totally depends on intuition , subjective judgement or emotion . in making transparen ←
→ stochastic complexity of bayesian networks ; bayesian networks are now being used in enormous fields , for example , diagnosis of a system , data mining , clustering and so on . in spite of their wide range of applications , the statistical properties have not yet been clarified , because the models are nonidentifiable and non - regular . in a bayesian network , the set of its parameter for a smaller model is an analytic set with singularities in the space of large ones . because of these singularities , the fisher info ←
→ deepmotion : learning to navigate like humans ; we present a novel human - aware navigation approach , where the robot learns to mimic humans to navigate safely in crowds . the presented model referred to as deepmotion , is trained with pedestrian surveillance data to predict human velocity . the robot processes lidar scans via the trained network to navigate to the target location . we conduct extensive experiments to assess the different components of our network and prove the necessity of each to imitate humans .←
→ genealogical distance as a diversity estimate in evolutionary algorithms ; the evolutionary edit distance between two individuals in a population , i . e ., the amount of applications of any genetic operator it would take the evolutionary process to generate one individual starting from the other , seems like a promising estimate for the diversity between said individuals . we introduce genealogical diversity , i . e ., estimating two individuals ' degree of relatedness by analyzing large , unused parts of their genome ←
→ super - resolution method using sparse regularization for point - spread function recovery ; in large - scale spatial surveys , such as the forthcoming esa euclid mission , images may be undersampled due to the optical sensors sizes . therefore , one may consider using a super - resolution ( sr ) method to recover aliased frequencies , prior to further analysis . this is particularly relevant for point - source images , which provide direct measurements of the instrument point - spread function ( psf ). we introduce sprite , spa ←
→ long - term on - board prediction of people in traffic scenes under uncertainty ; progress towards advanced systems for assisted and autonomous driving is leveraging recent advances in recognition and segmentation methods . yet , we are still facing challenges in bringing reliable driving to inner cities , as those are composed of highly dynamic scenes observed from a moving platform at considerable speeds . anticipation becomes a key element in order to react timely and prevent accidents . in this paper we argue ←
→ learning less is more - 6d camera localization via 3d surface regression ; popular research areas like autonomous driving and augmented reality have renewed the interest in image - based camera localization . in this work , we address the task of predicting the 6d camera pose from a single rgb image in a given 3d environment . with the advent of neural networks , previous works have either learned the entire camera localization process , or multiple components of a camera localization pipeline . our key contributio ←
→ end - to - end neural coreference resolution ; we introduce the first end - to - end coreference resolution model and show that it significantly outperforms all previous work without using a syntactic parser or hand - engineered mention detector . the key idea is to directly consider all spans in a document as potential mentions and learn distributions over possible antecedents for each . the model computes span embeddings that combine context - dependent boundary representations with a head - finding attention mechanism . ←
→ harder , better , faster , stronger convergence rates for least - squares regression ; we consider the optimization of a quadratic objective function whose gradients are only accessible through a stochastic oracle that returns the gradient at any given point plus a zero - mean finite variance random error . we present the first algorithm that achieves jointly the optimal prediction error rates for least - squares regression , both in terms of forgetting of initial conditions in o ( 1 / n 2 ), and in terms of dependence o ←
→ bounded situation calculus action theories ; in this paper , we investigate bounded action theories in the situation calculus . a bounded action theory is one which entails that , in every situation , the number of object tuples in the extension of fluents is bounded by a given constant , although such extensions are in general different across the infinitely many situations . we argue that such theories are common in applications , either because facts do not persist indefinitely or because the agent eventually f ←
→ a cnl for contract - oriented diagrams ; we present a first step towards a framework for defining and manipulating normative documents or contracts described as contract - oriented ( c - o ) diagrams . these diagrams provide a visual representation for such texts , giving the possibility to express a signatory ' s obligations , permissions and prohibitions , with or without timing constraints , as well as the penalties resulting from the non - fulfilment of a contract . this work presents a cnl for verbalising c - o diagrams , ←
→ awareness improves problem - solving performance ; the brain ' s self - monitoring of activities , including internal activities -- a functionality that we refer to as awareness -- has been suggested as a key element of consciousness . here we investigate whether the presence of an inner - eye - like process ( monitor ) that supervises the activities of a number of subsystems ( operative agents ) engaged in the solution of a problem can improve the problem - solving efficiency of the system . the problem is to find the global ←
→ online learning : a comprehensive survey ; online learning represents an important family of machine learning algorithms , in which a learner attempts to resolve an online prediction ( or any type of decision - making ) task by learning a model / hypothesis from a sequence of data instances one at a time . the goal of online learning is to ensure that the online learner would make a sequence of accurate predictions ( or correct decisions ) given the knowledge of correct answers to previous prediction or learning tasks ←
→ semi - supervised discovery of informative tweets during the emerging disasters ; the first objective towards the effective use of microblogging services such as twitter for situational awareness during the emerging disasters is discovery of the disaster - related postings . given the wide range of possible disasters , using a pre - selected set of disaster - related keywords for the discovery is suboptimal . an alternative that we focus on in this work is to train a classifier using a small set of labeled postings ←
→ magnification laws of winner - relaxing and winner - enhancing kohonen feature maps ; self - organizing maps are models for unsupervised representation formation of cortical receptor fields by stimuli - driven self - organization in laterally coupled winner - take - all feedforward structures . this paper discusses modifications of the original kohonen model that were motivated by a potential function , in their ability to set up a neural mapping of maximal mutual information . enhancing the winner update , instead of rela ←
→ global constraint catalog , volume ii , time - series constraints ; first this report presents a restricted set of finite transducers used to synthesise structural time - series constraints described by means of a multi - layered function composition scheme . second it provides the corresponding synthesised catalogue of structural time - series constraints where each constraint is explicitly described in terms of automata with accumulators .←
→ on the relation between accuracy and fairness in binary classification ; our study revisits the problem of accuracy - fairness tradeoff in binary classification . we argue that comparison of non - discriminatory classifiers needs to account for different rates of positive predictions , otherwise conclusions about performance may be misleading , because accuracy and discrimination of naive baselines on the same dataset vary with different rates of positive predictions . we provide methodological recommendations for ←
→ generative models for stochastic processes using convolutional neural networks ; the present paper aims to demonstrate the usage of convolutional neural networks as a generative model for stochastic processes , enabling researchers from a wide range of fields ( such as quantitative finance and physics ) to develop a general tool for forecasts and simulations without the need to identify / assume a specific system structure or estimate its parameters .←
→ online learning to sample ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is one of the most widely used techniques for online optimization in machine learning . in this work , we accelerate sgd by adaptively learning how to sample the most useful training examples at each time step . first , we show that sgd can be used to learn the best possible sampling distribution of an importance sampling estimator . second , we show that the sampling distribution of an sgd algorithm can be estimated online by incrementally minimizing ←
→ dominance move : a measure of comparing solution sets in multiobjective optimization ; one of the most common approaches for multiobjective optimization is to generate a solution set that well approximates the whole pareto - optimal frontier to facilitate the later decision - making process . however , how to evaluate and compare the quality of different solution sets remains challenging . existing measures typically require additional problem knowledge and information , such as a reference point or a substituted ←
→ highrisk prediction from electronic medical records via deep attention networks ; predicting highrisk vascular diseases is a significant issue in the medical domain . most predicting methods predict the prognosis of patients from pathological and radiological measurements , which are expensive and require much time to be analyzed . here we propose deep attention models that predict the onset of the high risky vascular disease from symbolic medical histories sequence of hypertension patients such as icd - 10 an ←
→ axiomatic construction of hierarchical clustering in asymmetric networks ; this paper considers networks where relationships between nodes are represented by directed dissimilarities . the goal is to study methods for the determination of hierarchical clusters , i . e ., a family of nested partitions indexed by a connectivity parameter , induced by the given dissimilarity structures . our construction of hierarchical clustering methods is based on defining admissible methods to be those methods that abide by the a ←
→ the ai & m procedure for learning from incomplete data ; we investigate methods for parameter learning from incomplete data that is not missing at random . likelihood - based methods then require the optimization of a profile likelihood that takes all possible missingness mechanisms into account . optimzing this profile likelihood poses two main difficulties : multiple ( local ) maxima , and its very high - dimensional parameter space . in this paper a new method is presented for optimizing the profile likelihood that a ←
→ the promise and peril of human evaluation for model interpretability ; transparency , user trust , and human comprehension are popular ethical motivations for interpretable machine learning . in support of these goals , researchers evaluate model explanation performance using humans and real world applications . this alone presents a challenge in many areas of artificial intelligence . in this position paper , we propose a distinction between descriptive and persuasive explanations . we discuss reasoning suggesting ←
→ high dimensional low rank plus sparse matrix decomposition ; this paper is concerned with the problem of low rank plus sparse matrix decomposition for big data . conventional algorithms for matrix decomposition use the entire data to extract the low - rank and sparse components , and are based on optimization problems with complexity that scales with the dimension of the data , which limits their scalability . furthermore , existing randomized approaches mostly rely on uniform random sampling , which is quite ineff ←
→ collective classification of textual documents by guided self - organization in t - cell cross - regulation dynamics ; we present and study an agent - based model of t - cell cross - regulation in the adaptive immune system , which we apply to binary classification . our method expands an existing analytical model of t - cell cross - regulation ( carneiro et al . in immunol rev 216 ( 1 ): 48 - 68 , 2007 ) that was used to study the self - organizing dynamics of a single population of t - cells in interaction with an idealized antigen pr ←
→ dynamic body vslam with semantic constraints ; image based reconstruction of urban environments is a challenging problem that deals with optimization of large number of variables , and has several sources of errors like the presence of dynamic objects . since most large scale approaches make the assumption of observing static scenes , dynamic objects are relegated to the noise modeling section of such systems . this is an approach of convenience since the ransac based framework used to compute most multiview ge ←
→ encoder based lifelong learning ; this paper introduces a new lifelong learning solution where a single model is trained for a sequence of tasks . the main challenge that vision systems face in this context is catastrophic forgetting : as they tend to adapt to the most recently seen task , they lose performance on the tasks that were learned previously . our method aims at preserving the knowledge of the previous tasks while learning a new one by using autoencoders . for each task , an under - complete autoencoder ←
→ human pose estimation using global and local normalization ; in this paper , we address the problem of estimating the positions of human joints , i . e ., articulated pose estimation . recent state - of - the - art solutions model two key issues , joint detection and spatial configuration refinement , together using convolutional neural networks . our work mainly focuses on spatial configuration refinement by reducing variations of human poses statistically , which is motivated by the observation that the scattered distrib ←
→ undecidability of the unification and admissibility problems for modal and description logics ; we show that the unification problem ` is there a substitution instance of a given formula that is provable in a given logic ?' is undecidable for basic modal logics k and k4 extended with the universal modality . it follows that the admissibility problem for inference rules is undecidable for these logics as well . these are the first examples of standard decidable modal logics for which the unification and admiss ←
→ tracing metaphors in time through self - distance in vector spaces ; from a diachronic corpus of italian , we build consecutive vector spaces in time and use them to compare a term ' s cosine similarity to itself in different time spans . we assume that a drop in similarity might be related to the emergence of a metaphorical sense at a given time . similarity - based observations are matched to the actual year when a figurative meaning was documented in a reference dictionary and through manual inspection of corpus ←
→ ocr accuracy improvement on document images through a novel pre - processing approach ; digital camera and mobile document image acquisition are new trends arising in the world of optical character recognition and text detection . in some cases , such process integrates many distortions and produces poorly scanned text or text - photo images and natural images , leading to an unreliable ocr digitization . in this paper , we present a novel nonparametric and unsupervised method to compensate for undesirable documen ←
→ pca method for automated detection of mispronounced words ; this paper presents a method for detecting mispronunciations with the aim of improving computer assisted language learning ( call ) tools used by foreign language learners . the algorithm is based on principle component analysis ( pca ). it is hierarchical with each successive step refining the estimate to classify the test word as being either mispronounced or correct . preprocessing before detection , like normalization and time - scale modification , is i ←
→ using accumulation to optimize deep residual neural nets ; residual neural networks [ 1 ] won first place in all five main tracks of the imagenet and coco 2015 competitions . this kind of network involves the creation of pluggable modules such that the output contains a residual from the input . the residual in that paper is the identity function . we propose to include residuals from all lower layers , suitably normalized , to create the residual . this way , all previous layers contribute equally to the output of ←
→ mining education data to predict student ' s retention : a comparative study ; the main objective of higher education is to provide quality education to students . one way to achieve highest level of quality in higher education system is by discovering knowledge for prediction regarding enrolment of students in a course . this paper presents a data mining project to generate predictive models for student retention management . given new records of incoming students , these predictive models can produce short acc ←
→ deep feature learning with relative distance comparison for person re - identification ; identifying the same individual across different scenes is an important yet difficult task in intelligent video surveillance . its main difficulty lies in how to preserve similarity of the same person against large appearance and structure variation while discriminating different individuals . in this paper , we present a scalable distance driven feature learning framework based on the deep neural network for person re - ide ←
→ david : influence diagram processing system for the macintosh ; influence diagrams are a directed graph representation for uncertainties as probabilities . the graph distinguishes between those variables which are under the control of a decision maker ( decisions , shown as rectangles ) and those which are not ( chances , shown as ovals ), as well as explicitly denoting a goal for solution ( value , shown as a rounded rectangle .←
→ spatial variational auto - encoding via matrix - variate normal distributions ; the key idea of variational auto - encoders ( vaes ) resembles that of traditional auto - encoder models in which spatial information is supposed to be explicitly encoded in the latent space . however , the latent variables in vaes are vectors , which are commonly interpreted as multiple feature maps of size 1x1 . such representations can only convey spatial information implicitly when coupled with powerful decoders . in this work , we propos ←
→ illuminant spectra - based source separation using flash photography ; real - world lighting often consists of multiple illuminants with different spectra . separating and manipulating these illuminants in post - process is a challenging problem that requires either significant manual input or calibrated scene geometry and lighting . in this work , we leverage a flash / no - flash image pair to analyze and edit scene illuminants based on their spectral differences . we derive a novel physics - based relationship between co ←
→ gaze distribution analysis and saliency prediction across age groups ; knowledge of the human visual system helps to develop better computational models of visual attention . state - of - the - art models have been developed to mimic the visual attention system of young adults that , however , largely ignore the variations that occur with age . in this paper , we investigated how visual scene processing changes with age and we propose an age - adapted framework that helps to develop a computational model that can predic ←
→ self - replicating machines in continuous space with virtual physics ; johnnyvon is an implementation of self - replicating machines in continuous two - dimensional space . two types of particles drift about in a virtual liquid . the particles are automata with discrete internal states but continuous external relationships . their internal states are governed by finite state machines but their external relationships are governed by a simulated physics that includes brownian motion , viscosity , and spring - like attract ←
→ factoring exogenous state for model - free monte carlo ; policy analysts wish to visualize a range of policies for large simulator - defined markov decision processes ( mdps ). one visualization approach is to invoke the simulator to generate on - policy trajectories and then visualize those trajectories . when the simulator is expensive , this is not practical , and some method is required for generating trajectories for new policies without invoking the simulator . the method of model - free monte carlo ( mfmc ) can do t ←
→ scalability of using restricted boltzmann machines for combinatorial optimization ; estimation of distribution algorithms ( edas ) require flexible probability models that can be efficiently learned and sampled . restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ) are generative neural networks with these desired properties . we integrate an rbm into an eda and evaluate the performance of this system in solving combinatorial optimization problems with a single objective . we assess how the number of fitness evaluations and t ←
→ online to offline conversions , universality and adaptive minibatch sizes ; we present an approach towards convex optimization that relies on a novel scheme which converts online adaptive algorithms into offline methods . in the offline optimization setting , our derived methods are shown to obtain favourable adaptive guarantees which depend on the harmonic sum of the queried gradients . we further show that our methods implicitly adapt to the objective ' s structure : in the smooth case fast convergence rates are ←
→ dense prediction on sequences with time - dilated convolutions for speech recognition ; in computer vision pixelwise dense prediction is the task of predicting a label for each pixel in the image . convolutional neural networks achieve good performance on this task , while being computationally efficient . in this paper we carry these ideas over to the problem of assigning a sequence of labels to a set of speech frames , a task commonly known as framewise classification . we show that dense prediction view of fr ←
→ detecção de comunidades em redes complexas para identificar gargalos e desperdício de recursos em sistemas de ônibus ; we propose here a methodology to help to understand the shortcomings of public transportation in a city via the mining of complex networks representing the supply and demand of public transport . we show how to build these networks based upon data on smart card use in buses via the application of algorithms that estimate an od and reconstruct the complete itinerary of the passengers . the o ←
→ 3d reconstruction in canonical co - ordinate space from arbitrarily oriented 2d images ; limited capture range , and the requirement to provide high quality initialization for optimization - based 2d / 3d image registration methods , can significantly degrade the performance of 3d image reconstruction and motion compensation pipelines . challenging clinical imaging scenarios , which contain significant subject motion such as fetal in - utero imaging , complicate the 3d image and volume reconstruction process . in this ←
→ efficient yet deep convolutional neural networks for semantic segmentation ; semantic segmentation using deep convolutional neural network pose more complex challenge for any gpu intensive work , as it has to compute million of parameters resulting to huge consumption of memory . moreover , extracting finer features and conducting supervised training tends to increase the complexity furthermore . with the introduction of fully convolutional neural network , which uses finer strides and utilizes deconvolutional ←
→ a comparative analysis on the applicability of entropy in remote sensing ; entropy is the measure of uncertainty in any data and is adopted for maximisation of mutual information in many remote sensing operations . the availability of wide entropy variations motivated us for an investigation over the suitability preference of these versions to specific operations . methodologies were implemented in matlab and were enhanced with entropy variations . evaluation of various implementations was based on different s ←
→ precise but natural specification for robot tasks ; we present flipper , a natural language interface for describing high level task specifications for robots that are compiled into robot actions . flipper starts with a formal core language for task planning that allows expressing rich temporal specifications and uses a semantic parser to provide a natural language interface . flipper provides immediate visual feedback by executing an automatically constructed plan of the task in a graphical user interface . th ←
→ improving circuit miniaturization and its efficiency using rough set theory ; high - speed , accuracy , meticulousness and quick response are notion of the vital necessities for modern digital world . an efficient electronic circuit unswervingly affects the maneuver of the whole system . different tools are required to unravel different types of engineering tribulations . improving the efficiency , accuracy and low power consumption in an electronic circuit is always been a bottle neck problem . so the need of cir ←
→ review of the fingerprint liveness detection ( livdet ) competition series : 2009 to 2015 ; a spoof attack , a subset of presentation attacks , is the use of an artificial replica of a biometric in an attempt to circumvent a biometric sensor . liveness detection , or presentation attack detection , distinguishes between live and fake biometric traits and is based on the principle that additional information can be garnered above and beyond the data procured by a standard authentication system to determine if a bi ←
→ central moment discrepancy ( cmd ) for domain - invariant representation learning ; the learning of domain - invariant representations in the context of domain adaptation with neural networks is considered . we propose a new regularization method that minimizes the discrepancy between domain - specific latent feature representations directly in the hidden activation space . although some standard distribution matching approaches exist that can be interpreted as the matching of weighted sums of moments , e . g . maximum ←
→ learning to update auto - associative memory in recurrent neural networks for improving sequence memorization ; learning to remember long sequences remains a challenging task for recurrent neural networks . register memory and attention mechanisms were both proposed to resolve the issue with either high computational cost to retain memory differentiability , or by discounting the rnn representation learning towards encoding shorter local contexts than encouraging long sequence encoding . associative memory , wh ←
→ ordering as privileged information ; we propose to accelerate the rate of convergence of the pattern recognition task by directly minimizing the variance diameters of certain hypothesis spaces , which are critical quantities in fast - convergence results . we show that the variance diameters can be controlled by dividing hypothesis spaces into metric balls based on a new order metric . this order metric can be minimized as an ordinal regression problem , leading to a lupi ( learning using privileged information ) ap ←
→ evaluating the robustness of neural networks : an extreme value theory approach ; the robustness of neural networks to adversarial examples has received great attention due to security implications . despite various attack approaches to crafting visually imperceptible adversarial examples , little has been developed towards a comprehensive measure of robustness . in this paper , we provide a theoretical justification for converting robustness analysis into a local lipschitz constant estimation problem , and pro ←
→ game - theoretic network centrality : a review ; game - theoretic centrality is a flexible and sophisticated approach to identify the most important nodes in a network . it builds upon the methods from cooperative game theory and network theory . the key idea is to treat nodes as players in a cooperative game , where the value of each coalition is determined by certain graph - theoretic properties . using solution concepts from cooperative game theory , it is then possible to measure how responsible each node is for th ←
→ formula - based probabilistic inference ; computing the probability of a formula given the probabilities or weights associated with other formulas is a natural extension of logical inference to the probabilistic setting . surprisingly , this problem has received little attention in the literature to date , particularly considering that it includes many standard inference problems as special cases . in this paper , we propose two algorithms for this problem : formula decomposition and conditioning , which is an exact ←
→ maximum entropy linear manifold for learning discriminative low - dimensional representation ; representation learning is currently a very hot topic in modern machine learning , mostly due to the great success of the deep learning methods . in particular low - dimensional representation which discriminates classes can not only enhance the classification procedure , but also make it faster , while contrary to the high - dimensional embeddings can be efficiently used for visual based exploratory data analysis . in t ←
→ learning to draw samples : with application to amortized mle for generative adversarial learning ; we propose a simple algorithm to train stochastic neural networks to draw samples from given target distributions for probabilistic inference . our method is based on iteratively adjusting the neural network parameters so that the output changes along a stein variational gradient that maximumly decreases the kl divergence with the target distribution . our method works for any target distribution specified by t ←
→ improving fitness functions in genetic programming for classification on unbalanced credit card datasets ; credit card fraud detection based on machine learning has recently attracted considerable interest from the research community . one of the most important tasks in this area is the ability of classifiers to handle the imbalance in credit card data . in this scenario , classifiers tend to yield poor accuracy on the fraud class ( minority class ) despite realizing high overall accuracy . this is due to the i ←
→ what makes it difficult to understand a scientific literature ? ; in the artificial intelligence area , one of the ultimate goals is to make computers understand human language and offer assistance . in order to achieve this ideal , researchers of computer science have put forward a lot of models and algorithms attempting at enabling the machine to analyze and process human natural language on different levels of semantics . although recent progress in this field offers much hope , we still have to ask whether cu ←
→ selecting near - optimal approximate state representations in reinforcement learning ; we consider a reinforcement learning setting introduced in ( maillard et al ., nips 2011 ) where the learner does not have explicit access to the states of the underlying markov decision process ( mdp ). instead , she has access to several models that map histories of past interactions to states . here we improve over known regret bounds in this setting , and more importantly generalize to the case where the models given to the l ←
→ semi - automated annotation of signal events in clinical eeg data ; to be effective , state of the art machine learning technology needs large amounts of annotated data . there are numerous compelling applications in healthcare that can benefit from high performance automated decision support systems provided by deep learning technology , but they lack the comprehensive data resources required to apply sophisticated machine learning models . further , for economic reasons , it is very difficult to justify the creat ←
→ inducing interpretability in knowledge graph embeddings ; we study the problem of inducing interpretability in kg embeddings . specifically , we explore the universal schema ( riedel et al ., 2013 ) and propose a method to induce interpretability . there have been many vector space models proposed for the problem , however , most of these methods don ' t address the interpretability ( semantics ) of individual dimensions . in this work , we study this problem and propose a method for inducing interpretability in kg embed ←
→ bayesian one - mode projection for dynamic bipartite graphs ; we propose a bayesian methodology for one - mode projecting a bipartite network that is being observed across a series of discrete time steps . the resulting one mode network captures the uncertainty over the presence / absence of each link and provides a probability distribution over its possible weight values . additionally , the incorporation of prior knowledge over previous states makes the resulting network less sensitive to noise and missing observa ←
→ a stochastic gradient method with an exponential convergence rate for finite training sets ; we propose a new stochastic gradient method for optimizing the sum of a finite set of smooth functions , where the sum is strongly convex . while standard stochastic gradient methods converge at sublinear rates for this problem , the proposed method incorporates a memory of previous gradient values in order to achieve a linear convergence rate . in a machine learning context , numerical experiments indicate that the ne ←
→ bayesian agglomerative clustering with coalescents ; we introduce a new bayesian model for hierarchical clustering based on a prior over trees called kingman ' s coalescent . we develop novel greedy and sequential monte carlo inferences which operate in a bottom - up agglomerative fashion . we show experimentally the superiority of our algorithms over others , and demonstrate our approach in document clustering and phylolinguistics .←
→ investigating the impact of data volume and domain similarity on transfer learning applications ; transfer learning helps to build a system to recognize and apply knowledge and experience learned in previous tasks ( source task ) to new tasks or new domains ( target task ), which share some commonality . the two important factors that impact the performance of transfer learning models are : ( a ) the size of the target dataset and ( b ) the similarity in distribution between source and target domains . thus far ther ←
→ exploring speech enhancement with generative adversarial networks for robust speech recognition ; we investigate the effectiveness of generative adversarial networks ( gans ) for speech enhancement , in the context of improving noise robustness of automatic speech recognition ( asr ) systems . prior work demonstrates that gans can effectively suppress additive noise in raw waveform speech signals , improving perceptual quality metrics ; however this technique was not justified in the context of asr . in this work ,←
→ understanding act - r - an outsider ' s perspective ; the act - r theory of cognition developed by john anderson and colleagues endeavors to explain how humans recall chunks of information and how they solve problems . act - r also serves as a theoretical basis for " cognitive tutors ", i . e ., automatic tutoring systems that help students learn mathematics , computer programming , and other subjects . the official act - r definition is distributed across a large body of literature spanning many articles and monographs , and ←
→ learning a fuzzy hyperplane fat margin classifier with minimum vc dimension ; the vapnik - chervonenkis ( vc ) dimension measures the complexity of a learning machine , and a low vc dimension leads to good generalization . the recently proposed minimal complexity machine ( mcm ) learns a hyperplane classifier by minimizing an exact bound on the vc dimension . this paper extends the mcm classifier to the fuzzy domain . the use of a fuzzy membership is known to reduce the effect of outliers , and to reduce the effect ←
→ integration of 3d object recognition and planning for robotic manipulation : a preliminary report ; we investigate different approaches to integrating object recognition and planning in a tabletop manipulation domain with the set of objects used in the 2012 robocup @ work competition . results of our preliminary experiments show that , with some approaches , close integration of perception and planning improves the quality of plans , as well as the computation times of feasible plans .←
→ variational dropout and the local reparameterization trick ; we investigate a local reparameterizaton technique for greatly reducing the variance of stochastic gradients for variational bayesian inference ( sgvb ) of a posterior over model parameters , while retaining parallelizability . this local reparameterization translates uncertainty about global parameters into local noise that is independent across datapoints in the minibatch . such parameterizations can be trivially parallelized and have variance that i ←
→ tree species identification from bark images using convolutional neural networks ; tree species identification using images of the bark is a challenging problem that could help in tasks such as drone navigation in forest environment and autonomous forest inventory management . it also brings more value to harvesting operations as it leads to greater market values of trees . while the recent progress in deep learning showed its effectiveness for visual classification , it cannot currently be used for bark cla ←
→ bundle optimization for multi - aspect embedding ; understanding semantic similarity among images is the core of a wide range of computer vision applications . an important step towards this goal is to collect and learn human perceptions . interestingly , the semantic context of images is often ambiguous as images can be perceived with emphasis on different aspects , which may be contradictory to each other . in this paper , we present a method for learning the semantic similarity among images , inferring their la ←
→ universal deep neural network compression ; compression of deep neural networks ( dnns ) for memory - and computation - efficient compact feature representations becomes a critical problem particularly for deployment of dnns on resource - limited platforms . in this paper , we investigate lossy compression of dnns by weight quantization and lossless source coding for memory - efficient inference . whereas the previous work addressed non - universal scalar quantization and entropy coding of dnn weights , we for the first t ←
→ lipschitz parametrization of probabilistic graphical models ; we show that the log - likelihood of several probabilistic graphical models is lipschitz continuous with respect to the lp - norm of the parameters . we discuss several implications of lipschitz parametrization . we present an upper bound of the kullback - leibler divergence that allows understanding methods that penalize the lp - norm of differences of parameters as the minimization of that upper bound . the expected log - likelihood is lower bounded by the ←
→ a picture is worth a thousand words but how to organize thousands of pictures ? ; we live in a society where the large majority of the population has a camera - equipped smartphone . in addition , hard drives and cloud storage are getting cheaper and cheaper , leading to a tremendous growth in stored personal photos . unlike photo collections captured by a digital camera , which typically are pre - processed by the user who organizes them into event - related folders , smartphone pictures are automatically stored in t ←
→ on grouse and incremental svd ; grouse ( grassmannian rank - one update subspace estimation ) is an incremental algorithm for identifying a subspace of rn from a sequence of vectors in this subspace , where only a subset of components of each vector is revealed at each iteration . recent analysis has shown that grouse converges locally at an expected linear rate , under certain assumptions . grouse has a similar flavor to the incremental singular value decomposition algorithm , which updates the svd of a matrix foll ←
→ nonparametric hawkes processes : online estimation and generalization bounds ; in this paper , we design a nonparametric online algorithm for estimating the triggering functions of multivariate hawkes processes . unlike parametric estimation , where evolutionary dynamics can be exploited for fast computation of the gradient , and unlike typical function learning , where representer theorem is readily applicable upon proper regularization of the objective function , nonparametric estimation faces the challenges o ←
→ learning deep representation of multityped objects and tasks ; we introduce a deep multitask architecture to integrate multityped representations of multimodal objects . this multitype exposition is less abstract than the multimodal characterization , but more machine - friendly , and thus is more precise to model . for example , an image can be described by multiple visual views , which can be in the forms of bag - of - words ( counts ) or color / texture histograms ( real - valued ). at the same time , the image may have seve ←
→ fostering user engagement : rhetorical devices for applause generation learnt from ted talks ; one problem that every presenter faces when delivering a public discourse is how to hold the listeners ' attentions or to keep them involved . therefore , many studies in conversation analysis work on this issue and suggest qualitatively con - structions that can effectively lead to audience ' s applause . to investigate these proposals quantitatively , in this study we an - alyze the transcripts of 2 , 135 ted talks , with a ←
→ big data and cross - document coreference resolution : current state and future opportunities ; information extraction ( ie ) is the task of automatically extracting structured information from unstructured / semi - structured machine - readable documents . among various ie tasks , extracting actionable intelligence from ever - increasing amount of data depends critically upon cross - document coreference resolution ( cdcr ) - the task of identifying entity mentions across multiple documents that refer to the same underlyin ←
→ accelerating reinforcement learning through implicit imitation ; imitation can be viewed as a means of enhancing learning in multiagent environments . it augments an agent ' s ability to learn useful behaviors by making intelligent use of the knowledge implicit in behaviors demonstrated by cooperative teachers or other more experienced agents . we propose and study a formal model of implicit imitation that can accelerate reinforcement learning dramatically in certain cases . roughly , by observing a mentor , a rei ←
→ portfolio selection using neural networks ; in this paper we apply a heuristic method based on artificial neural networks in order to trace out the efficient frontier associated to the portfolio selection problem . we consider a generalization of the standard markowitz mean - variance model which includes cardinality and bounding constraints . these constraints ensure the investment in a given number of different assets and limit the amount of capital to be invested in each asset . we present some experimental r ←
→ combinatorial bandits revisited ; this paper investigates stochastic and adversarial combinatorial multi - armed bandit problems . in the stochastic setting under semi - bandit feedback , we derive a problem - specific regret lower bound , and discuss its scaling with the dimension of the decision space . we propose escb , an algorithm that efficiently exploits the structure of the problem and provide a finite - time analysis of its regret . escb has better performance guarantees than existing algorithms , and significant ←
→ learning factored representations in a deep mixture of experts ; mixtures of experts combine the outputs of several " expert " networks , each of which specializes in a different part of the input space . this is achieved by training a " gating " network that maps each input to a distribution over the experts . such models show promise for building larger networks that are still cheap to compute at test time , and more parallelizable at training time . in this this work , we extend the mixture of experts to a stacked ←
→ why sov might be initially preferred and then lost or recovered ? a theoretical framework ; little is known about why sov order is initially preferred and then discarded or recovered . here we present a framework for understanding these and many related word order phenomena : the diversity of dominant orders , the existence of free words orders , the need of alternative word orders and word order reversions and cycles in evolution . under that framework , word order is regarded as a multiconstraint satisfaction ←
→ cross - domain visual matching via generalized similarity measure and feature learning ; cross - domain visual data matching is one of the fundamental problems in many real - world vision tasks , e . g ., matching persons across id photos and surveillance videos . conventional approaches to this problem usually involves two steps : i ) projecting samples from different domains into a common space , and ii ) computing ( dis -) similarity in this space based on a certain distance . in this paper , we present a novel pairwise s ←
→ identification of probabilities ; within psychology , neuroscience and artificial intelligence , there has been increasing interest in the proposal that the brain builds probabilistic models of sensory and linguistic input : that is , to infer a probabilistic model from a sample . the practical problems of such inference are substantial : the brain has limited data and restricted computational resources . but there is a more fundamental question : is the problem of inferring a probabilistic model from a sample poss ←
→ learning continuous semantic representations of symbolic expressions ; combining abstract , symbolic reasoning with continuous neural reasoning is a grand challenge of representation learning . as a step in this direction , we propose a new architecture , called neural equivalence networks , for the problem of learning continuous semantic representations of algebraic and logical expressions . these networks are trained to represent semantic equivalence , even of expressions that are syntactically very different . t ←
→ prefix probabilities from stochastic tree adjoining grammars ; language models for speech recognition typically use a probability model of the form pr ( a_n | a_1 , a_2 , ..., a_ { n - 1 }). stochastic grammars , on the other hand , are typically used to assign structure to utterances . a language model of the above form is constructed from such grammars by computing the prefix probability sum_ { w in sigma *} pr ( a_1 ... a_n w ), where w represents all possible terminations of the prefix a_1 ... a_n . the main result in thi ←
→ why my photos look sideways or upside down ? detecting canonical orientation of images using convolutional neural networks ; image orientation detection requires high - level scene understanding . humans use object recognition and contextual scene information to correctly orient images . in literature , the problem of image orientation detection is mostly confronted by using low - level vision features , while some approaches incorporate few easily detectable semantic cues to gain minor improvements . the vast amou ←
→ multi - frame denoising of high speed optical coherence tomography data using inter - frame and intra - frame priors ; optical coherence tomography ( oct ) is an important interferometric diagnostic technique which provides cross - sectional views of the subsurface microstructure of biological tissues . however , the imaging quality of high - speed oct is limited due to the large speckle noise . to address this problem , this paper proposes a multi - frame algorithmic method to denoise oct volume . mathematically , we build ←
→ g - cnn : an iterative grid based object detector ; we introduce g - cnn , an object detection technique based on cnns which works without proposal algorithms . g - cnn starts with a multi - scale grid of fixed bounding boxes . we train a regressor to move and scale elements of the grid towards objects iteratively . g - cnn models the problem of object detection as finding a path from a fixed grid to boxes tightly surrounding the objects . g - cnn with around 180 boxes in a multi - scale grid performs comparably to fast r - cnn ←
→ inference , learning and attention mechanisms that exploit and preserve sparsity in convolutional networks ; while cnns naturally lend themselves to densely sampled data , and sophisticated implementations are available , they lack the ability to efficiently process sparse data . in this work we introduce a suite of tools that exploit sparsity in both the feature maps and the filter weights , and thereby allow for significantly lower memory footprints and computation times than the conventional dense framework ←
→ a collaborative mechanism for crowdsourcing prediction problems ; machine learning competitions such as the netflix prize have proven reasonably successful as a method of " crowdsourcing " prediction tasks . but these competitions have a number of weaknesses , particularly in the incentive structure they create for the participants . we propose a new approach , called a crowdsourced learning mechanism , in which participants collaboratively " learn " a hypothesis for a given prediction task . the approach draws heavi ←
→ fast learning rates with heavy - tailed losses ; we study fast learning rates when the losses are not necessarily bounded and may have a distribution with heavy tails . to enable such analyses , we introduce two new conditions : ( i ) the envelope function $\ sup_ { f \ in \ mathcal { f }}|\ ell \ circ f |$, where $\ ell $ is the loss function and $\ mathcal { f }$ is the hypothesis class , exists and is $ l ^ r $- integrable , and ( ii ) $\ ell $ satisfies the multi - scale bernstein ' s condition on $\ mathcal { f }$. under these assumptions , we p ←
→ large kernel matters -- improve semantic segmentation by global convolutional network ; one of recent trends [ 30 , 31 , 14 ] in network architec - ture design is stacking small filters ( e . g ., 1x1 or 3x3 ) in the entire network because the stacked small filters is more ef - ficient than a large kernel , given the same computational complexity . however , in the field of semantic segmenta - tion , where we need to perform dense per - pixel prediction , we find that the large kernel ( and effective receptive field ) plays a ←
→ linguistic analysis of requirements of a space project and their conformity with the recommendations proposed by a controlled natural language ; the long term aim of the project carried out by the french national space agency ( cnes ) is to design a writing guide based on the real and regular writing of requirements . as a first step in the project , this paper proposes a lin - guistic analysis of requirements written in french by cnes engineers . the aim is to determine to what extent they conform to two rules ←
→ consistent query answering via asp from different perspectives : theory and practice ; a data integration system provides transparent access to different data sources by suitably combining their data , and providing the user with a unified view of them , called global schema . however , source data are generally not under the control of the data integration process , thus integrated data may violate global integrity constraints even in presence of locally - consistent data sources . in this scenario , it may be any ←
→ indirect match highlights detection with deep convolutional neural networks ; highlights in a sport video are usually referred as actions that stimulate excitement or attract attention of the audience . a big effort is spent in designing techniques which find automatically highlights , in order to automatize the otherwise manual editing process . most of the state - of - the - art approaches try to solve the problem by training a classifier using the information extracted on the tv - like framing of players playing ←
→ variational methods for conditional multimodal deep learning ; in this paper , we address the problem of conditional modality learning , whereby one is interested in generating one modality given the other . while it is straightforward to learn a joint distribution over multiple modalities using a deep multimodal architecture , we observe that such models aren ' t very effective at conditional generation . hence , we address the problem by learning conditional distributions between the modalities . we use variationa ←
→ listen , attend , and walk : neural mapping of navigational instructions to action sequences ; we propose a neural sequence - to - sequence model for direction following , a task that is essential to realizing effective autonomous agents . our alignment - based encoder - decoder model with long short - term memory recurrent neural networks ( lstm - rnn ) translates natural language instructions to action sequences based upon a representation of the observable world state . we introduce a multi - level aligner that empowers our ←
→ transductive zero - shot hashing via coarse - to - fine similarity mining ; zero - shot hashing ( zsh ) is to learn hashing models for novel / target classes without training data , which is an important and challenging problem . most existing zsh approaches exploit transfer learning via an intermediate shared semantic representations between the seen / source classes and novel / target classes . however , due to having disjoint , the hash functions learned from the source dataset are biased when applied directly to the target ←
→ permutation nmf ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) is a common used technique in machine learning to extract features out of data such as text documents and images thanks to its natural clustering properties . in particular , it is popular in image processing since it can decompose several pictures and recognize common parts if they ' re located in the same position over the photos . this paper ' s aim is to present a way to add the translation invariance to the classical nmf , that is , the algorithms presente ←
→ improved distributed principal component analysis ; we study the distributed computing setting in which there are multiple servers , each holding a set of points , who wish to compute functions on the union of their point sets . a key task in this setting is principal component analysis ( pca ), in which the servers would like to compute a low dimensional subspace capturing as much of the variance of the union of their point sets as possible . given a procedure for approximate pca , one can use it to approximately ←
→ energy - entropy competition and the effectiveness of stochastic gradient descent in machine learning ; finding parameters that minimise a loss function is at the core of many machine learning methods . the stochastic gradient descent algorithm is widely used and delivers state of the art results for many problems . nonetheless , stochastic gradient descent typically cannot find the global minimum , thus its empirical effectiveness is hitherto mysterious . we derive a correspondence between parameter inference a ←
→ improved human emotion recognition using symmetry of facial key points with dihedral group ; this article describes how to deploy dihedral group theory to detect facial key points ( fkp ) symmetry to recognize emotions . the method can be applied in many other areas which those have the same data texture .←
→ convergence and loss bounds for bayesian sequence prediction ; the probability of observing $ x_t $ at time $ t $, given past observations $ x_1 ... x_ { t - 1 }$ can be computed with bayes ' rule if the true generating distribution $\ mu $ of the sequences $ x_1x_2x_3 ...$ is known . if $\ mu $ is unknown , but known to belong to a class $ m $ one can base ones prediction on the bayes mix $\ xi $ defined as a weighted sum of distributions $\ nu \ in m $. various convergence results of the mixture posterior $\ xi_t $ to the true posterio ←
→ full - capacity unitary recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks are powerful models for processing sequential data , but they are generally plagued by vanishing and exploding gradient problems . unitary recurrent neural networks ( urnns ), which use unitary recurrence matrices , have recently been proposed as a means to avoid these issues . however , in previous experiments , the recurrence matrices were restricted to be a product of parameterized unitary matrices , and an open question remains : when doe ←
→ what is the minimal set of fragments that achieves maximal parse accuracy ? ; we aim at finding the minimal set of fragments which achieves maximal parse accuracy in data oriented parsing . experiments with the penn wall street journal treebank show that counts of almost arbitrary fragments within parse trees are important , leading to improved parse accuracy over previous models tested on this treebank ( a precision of 90 . 8 % and a recall of 90 . 6 %). we isolate some dependency relations which previous models n ←
→ variational inference : a review for statisticians ; one of the core problems of modern statistics is to approximate difficult - to - compute probability densities . this problem is especially important in bayesian statistics , which frames all inference about unknown quantities as a calculation involving the posterior density . in this paper , we review variational inference ( vi ), a method from machine learning that approximates probability densities through optimization . vi has been used in many applications and t ←
→ neural ranking models with weak supervision ; despite the impressive improvements achieved by unsupervised deep neural networks in computer vision and nlp tasks , such improvements have not yet been observed in ranking for information retrieval . the reason may be the complexity of the ranking problem , as it is not obvious how to learn from queries and documents when no supervised signal is available . hence , in this paper , we propose to train a neural ranking model using weak supervision , where labels are obt ←
→ multi - goal reinforcement learning : challenging robotics environments and request for research ; the purpose of this technical report is two - fold . first of all , it introduces a suite of challenging continuous control tasks ( integrated with openai gym ) based on currently existing robotics hardware . the tasks include pushing , sliding and pick & place with a fetch robotic arm as well as in - hand object manipulation with a shadow dexterous hand . all tasks have sparse binary rewards and follow a multi - goal reinf ←
→ a semantics - based measure of emoji similarity ; emoji have grown to become one of the most important forms of communication on the web . with its widespread use , measuring the similarity of emoji has become an important problem for contemporary text processing since it lies at the heart of sentiment analysis , search , and interface design tasks . this paper presents a comprehensive analysis of the semantic similarity of emoji through embedding models that are learned over machine - readable emoji meanings in the ←
→ decomposition into low - rank plus additive matrices for background / foreground separation : a review for a comparative evaluation with a large - scale dataset ; recent research on problem formulations based on decomposition into low - rank plus sparse matrices shows a suitable framework to separate moving objects from the background . the most representative problem formulation is the robust principal component analysis ( rpca ) solved via principal component pursuit ( pcp ) which decomposes a data matrix in a low -←
→ fully automatic 3d reconstruction of histological images ; in this paper , we propose a computational framework for 3d volume reconstruction from 2d histological slices using registration algorithms in feature space . to improve the quality of reconstructed 3d volume , first , intensity variations in images are corrected by an intensity standardization process which maps image intensity scale to a standard scale where similar intensities correspond to similar tissues . second , a subvolume approach is proposed fo ←
→ design of low - cost , compact and weather - proof whole sky imagers for high - dynamic - range captures ; ground - based whole sky imagers are popular for monitoring cloud formations , which is necessary for various applications . we present two new wide angle high - resolution sky imaging system ( wahrsis ) models , which were designed especially to withstand the hot and humid climate of singapore . the first uses a fully sealed casing , whose interior temperature is regulated using a peltier cooler . the second features a ←
→ sentiment analysis on speaker specific speech data ; sentiment analysis has evolved over past few decades , most of the work in it revolved around textual sentiment analysis with text mining techniques . but audio sentiment analysis is still in a nascent stage in the research community . in this proposed research , we perform sentiment analysis on speaker discriminated speech transcripts to detect the emotions of the individual speakers involved in the conversation . we analyzed different techniques to perform s ←
→ a stochastic semismooth newton method for nonsmooth nonconvex optimization ; in this work , we present a globalized stochastic semismooth newton method for solving stochastic optimization problems involving smooth nonconvex and nonsmooth convex terms in the objective function . we assume that only noisy gradient and hessian information of the smooth part of the objective function is available via calling stochastic first and second order oracles . the proposed method can be seen as a hybrid approach combinin ←
→ understanding the impact of precision quantization on the accuracy and energy of neural networks ; deep neural networks are gaining in popularity as they are used to generate state - of - the - art results for a variety of computer vision and machine learning applications . at the same time , these networks have grown in depth and complexity in order to solve harder problems . given the limitations in power budgets dedicated to these networks , the importance of low - power , low - memory solutions has been stressed in ←
→ multi - agent projective simulation : a starting point ; we develop a two - defender ( alice and bob ) invasion game using the method of projective simulation as an embodied model for artificial intelligence . we hope that it will be the first step towards the effect of perception on different actions in a given game . as a given perception of a given situation , the agent , say alice , encounters some attack symbols coming from the right attacker where she can learn to prevent . however , some of these percepts are invi ←
→ loss functions for neural networks for image processing ; neural networks are becoming central in several areas of computer vision and image processing and different architectures have been proposed to solve specific problems . the impact of the loss layer of neural networks , however , has not received much attention in the context of image processing : the default and virtually only choice is l2 . in this paper we bring attention to alternative choices . we study the performance of several losses , including per ←
→ on the discrepancy between kleinberg ' s clustering axioms and $ k $- means clustering algorithm behavior ; this paper investigates the validity of kleinberg ' s axioms for clustering functions with respect to the quite popular clustering algorithm called $ k $- means . while kleinberg ' s axioms have been discussed heavily in the past , we concentrate here on the case predominantly relevant for $ k $- means algorithm , that is behavior embedded in euclidean space . we point at some contradictions and counter intuitiveness ←
→ median and mode ellipse parameterization for robust contour fitting ; problems that require the parameterization of closed contours arise frequently in computer vision applications . this article introduces a new curve parameterization algorithm that is able to fit a closed curve to a set of points while being robust to the presence of outliers and occlusions in the data . this robustness property makes this algorithm applicable to computer vision applications where misclassification of features may lead to o ←
→ deep coral : correlation alignment for deep domain adaptation ; deep neural networks are able to learn powerful representations from large quantities of labeled input data , however they cannot always generalize well across changes in input distributions . domain adaptation algorithms have been proposed to compensate for the degradation in performance due to domain shift . in this paper , we address the case when the target domain is unlabeled , requiring unsupervised adaptation . coral is a " frustratingly easy " u ←
→ groupwise registration of aerial images ; this paper addresses the task of time separated aerial image registration . the ability to solve this problem accurately and reliably is important for a variety of subsequent image understanding applications . the principal challenge lies in the extent and nature of transient appearance variation that a land area can undergo , such as that caused by the change in illumination conditions , seasonal variations , or the occlusion by non - persistent objects ( people , cars ). ou ←
→ shrinkage optimized directed information using pictorial structures for action recognition ; in this paper , we propose a novel action recognition framework . the method uses pictorial structures and shrinkage optimized directed information assessment ( soda ) coupled with markov random fields called soda + mrf to model the directional temporal dependency and bidirectional spatial dependency . as a variant of mutual information , directional information captures the directional information flow and temporal struc ←
→ aspects of evolutionary design by computers ; this paper examines the four main types of evolutionary design by computers : evolutionary design optimisation , evolutionary art , evolutionary artificial life forms and creative evolutionary design . definitions for all four areas are provided . a review of current work in each of these areas is given , with examples of the types of applications that have been tackled . the different properties and requirements of each are examined . descriptions of typical representa ←
→ knowledge technologies ; several technologies are emerging that provide new ways to capture , store , present and use knowledge . this book is the first to provide a comprehensive introduction to five of the most important of these technologies : knowledge engineering , knowledge based engineering , knowledge webs , ontologies and semantic webs . for each of these , answers are given to a number of key questions ( what is it ? how does it operate ? how is a system developed ? what can it be used for ? what tools are avai ←
→ spatial - temporal union of subspaces for multi - body non - rigid structure - from - motion ; non - rigid structure - from - motion ( nrsfm ) has so far been mostly studied for recovering 3d structure of a single non - rigid / deforming object . to handle the real world challenging multiple deforming objects scenarios , existing methods either pre - segment different objects in the scene or treat multiple non - rigid objects as a whole to obtain the 3d non - rigid reconstruction . however , these methods fail to exploit the inherent st ←
→ artificial neoteny in evolutionary image segmentation ; neoteny , also spelled paedomorphosis , can be defined in biological terms as the retention by an organism of juvenile or even larval traits into later life . in some species , all morphological development is retarded ; the organism is juvenilized but sexually mature . such shifts of reproductive capability would appear to have adaptive significance to organisms that exhibit it . in terms of evolutionary theory , the process of paedomorphosis suggests that la ←
→ are there good mistakes ? a theoretical analysis of cegis ; counterexample - guided inductive synthesis cegis is used to synthesize programs from a candidate space of programs . the technique is guaranteed to terminate and synthesize the correct program if the space of candidate programs is finite . but the technique may or may not terminate with the correct program if the candidate space of programs is infinite . in this paper , we perform a theoretical analysis of counterexample - guided inductive synthesis techni ←
→ exhaustive search for sparse variable selection in linear regression ; we propose a k - sparse exhaustive search ( es - k ) method and a k - sparse approximate exhaustive search method ( aes - k ) for selecting variables in linear regression . with these methods , k - sparse combinations of variables are tested exhaustively assuming that the optimal combination of explanatory variables is k - sparse . by collecting the results of exhaustively computing es - k , various approximate methods for selecting sparse variables can be su ←
→ spatiotemporal modeling for crowd counting in videos ; region of interest ( roi ) crowd counting can be formulated as a regression problem of learning a mapping from an image or a video frame to a crowd density map . recently , convolutional neural network ( cnn ) models have achieved promising results for crowd counting . however , even when dealing with video data , cnn - based methods still consider each video frame independently , ignoring the strong temporal correlation between neighboring frames . to exploit the o ←
→ attention - based recurrent neural network models for joint intent detection and slot filling ; attention - based encoder - decoder neural network models have recently shown promising results in machine translation and speech recognition . in this work , we propose an attention - based neural network model for joint intent detection and slot filling , both of which are critical steps for many speech understanding and dialog systems . unlike in machine translation and speech recognition , alignment is explicit in slot ←
→ efficient mrf energy minimization via adaptive diminishing smoothing ; we consider the linear programming relaxation of an energy minimization problem for markov random fields . the dual objective of this problem can be treated as a concave and unconstrained , but non - smooth function . the idea of smoothing the objective prior to optimization was recently proposed in a series of papers . some of them suggested the idea to decrease the amount of smoothing ( so called temperature ) while getting closer to the optim ←
→ re - id done right : towards good practices for person re - identification ; training a deep architecture using a ranking loss has become standard for the person re - identification task . increasingly , these deep architectures include additional components that leverage part detections , attribute predictions , pose estimators and other auxiliary information , in order to more effectively localize and align discriminative image regions . in this paper we adopt a different approach and carefully design each component o ←
→ context driven label fusion for segmentation of subcutaneous and visceral fat in ct volumes ; quantification of adipose tissue ( fat ) from computed tomography ( ct ) scans is conducted mostly through manual or semi - automated image segmentation algorithms with limited efficacy . in this work , we propose a completely unsupervised and automatic method to identify adipose tissue , and then separate subcutaneous adipose tissue ( sat ) from visceral adipose tissue ( vat ) at the abdominal region . we offer a three - phase ←
→ heuristic search for structural constraints in data association ; the research on multi - object tracking ( mot ) is essentially to solve for the data association assignment , the core of which is to design the association cost as discriminative as possible . generally speaking , the match ambiguities caused by similar appearances of objects and the moving cameras make the data association perplexing and challenging . in this paper , we propose a new heuristic method to search for structural constraints ( hssc ) of mu ←
→ unsupervised spoken term detection with spoken queries by multi - level acoustic patterns with varying model granularity ; this paper presents a new approach for unsupervised spoken term detection with spoken queries using multiple sets of acoustic patterns automatically discovered from the target corpus . the different pattern hmm configurations ( number of states per model , number of distinct models , number of gaussians per state ) form a three - dimensional model granularity space . different sets of acoustic pa ←
→ a framework for searching and / or graphs with cycles ; search in cyclic and / or graphs was traditionally known to be an unsolved problem . in the recent past several important studies have been reported in this domain . in this paper , we have taken a fresh look at the problem . first , a new and comprehensive theoretical framework for cyclic and / or graphs has been presented , which was found missing in the recent literature . based on this framework , two best - first search algorithms , s1 and s2 , have been developed .←
→ learning and refining of privileged information - based rnns for action recognition from depth sequences ; existing rnn - based approaches for action recognition from depth sequences require either skeleton joints or hand - crafted depth features as inputs . an end - to - end manner , mapping from raw depth maps to action classes , is non - trivial to design due to the fact that : 1 ) single channel map lacks texture thus weakens the discriminative power ; 2 ) relatively small set of depth training data . to address these ch ←
→ fast density codes for image data ; recently , a new method for encoding data sets in the form of " density codes " was proposed in the literature ( courrieu , 2006 ). this method allows to compare sets of points belonging to every multidimensional space , and to build shape spaces invariant to a wide variety of affine and non - affine transformations . however , this general method does not take advantage of the special properties of image data , resulting in a quite slow encoding process that makes this tool practica ←
→ solving finite - domain linear constraints in presence of the $\ texttt { alldifferent }$ ; in this paper , we investigate the possibility of improvement of the widely - used filtering algorithm for the linear constraints in constraint satisfaction problems in the presence of the alldifferent constraints . in many cases , the fact that the variables in a linear constraint are also constrained by some alldifferent constraints may help us to calculate stronger bounds of the variables , leading to a stronger constraint ←
→ neigborhood selection in variable neighborhood search ; variable neighborhood search ( vns ) is a metaheuristic for solving optimization problems based on a simple principle : systematic changes of neighborhoods within the search , both in the descent to local minima and in the escape from the valleys which contain them . designing these neighborhoods and applying them in a meaningful fashion is not an easy task . moreover , an appropriate order in which they are applied must be determined . in this paper we attemp ←
→ a domain - independent algorithm for plan adaptation ; the paradigms of transformational planning , case - based planning , and plan debugging all involve a process known as plan adaptation - modifying or repairing an old plan so it solves a new problem . in this paper we provide a domain - independent algorithm for plan adaptation , demonstrate that it is sound , complete , and systematic , and compare it to other adaptation algorithms in the literature . our approach is based on a view of planning as searching a graph ←
→ topic modeling of public repositories at scale using names in source code ; programming languages themselves have a limited number of reserved keywords and character based tokens that define the language specification . however , programmers have a rich use of natural language within their code through comments , text literals and naming entities . the programmer defined names that can be found in source code are a rich source of information to build a high level understanding of the project . the goal of this ←
→ model validation for vision systems via graphics simulation ; rapid advances in computation , combined with latest advances in computer graphics simulations have facilitated the development of vision systems and training them in virtual environments . one major stumbling block is in certification of the designs and tuned parameters of these systems to work in real world . in this paper , we begin to explore the fundamental question : which type of information transfer is more analogous to real world ? inspired fr ←
→ how many faces can be recognized ? performance extrapolation for multi - class classification ; the difficulty of multi - class classification generally increases with the number of classes . using data from a subset of the classes , can we predict how well a classifier will scale with an increased number of classes ? under the assumption that the classes are sampled exchangeably , and under the assumption that the classifier is generative ( e . g . qda or naive bayes ), we show that the expected accuracy when the clas ←
→ lensless computational imaging through deep learning ; deep learning has been proven to yield reliably generalizable answers to numerous classification and decision tasks . here , we demonstrate for the first time , to our knowledge , that deep neural networks ( dnns ) can be trained to solve inverse problems in computational imaging . we experimentally demonstrate a lens - less imaging system where a dnn was trained to recover a phase object given a raw intensity image recorded some distance away .←
→ an algebraic dexter - based hypertext reference model ; we present the first formal algebraic specification of a hypertext reference model . it is based on the well - known dexter hypertext reference model and includes modifications with respect to the development of hypertext since the www came up . our hypertext model was developed as a product model with the aim to automatically support the design process and is extended to a model of hypertext - systems in order to be able to describe the state transitions in t ←
→ multiple - instance , cascaded classification for keyword spotting in narrow - band audio ; we propose using cascaded classifiers for a keyword spotting ( kws ) task on narrow - band ( nb ), 8khz audio acquired in non - iid environments --- a more challenging task than most state - of - the - art kws systems face . we present a model that incorporates deep neural networks ( dnns ), cascading , multiple - feature representations , and multiple - instance learning . the cascaded classifiers handle the task ' s class imbalance and reduce ←
→ learning and evaluating musical features with deep autoencoders ; in this work we describe and evaluate methods to learn musical embeddings . each embedding is a vector that represents four contiguous beats of music and is derived from a symbolic representation . we consider autoencoding - based methods including denoising autoencoders , and context reconstruction , and evaluate the resulting embeddings on a forward prediction and a classification task .←
→ dialogue session segmentation by embedding - enhanced texttiling ; in human - computer conversation systems , the context of a user - issued utterance is particularly important because it provides useful background information of the conversation . however , it is unwise to track all previous utterances in the current session as not all of them are equally important . in this paper , we address the problem of session segmentation . we propose an embedding - enhanced texttiling approach , inspired by the observation that c ←
→` plausibilities of plausibilities ': an approach through circumstances ; probability - like parameters appearing in some statistical models , and their prior distributions , are reinterpreted through the notion of ` circumstance ', a term which stands for any piece of knowledge that is useful in assigning a probability and that satisfies some additional logical properties . the idea , which can be traced to laplace and jaynes , is that the usual inferential reasonings about the probability - like parameters of a statis ←
→ toward marker - free 3d pose estimation in lifting : a deep multi - view solution ; lifting is a common manual material handling task performed in the workplaces . it is considered as one of the main risk factors for work - related musculoskeletal disorders . to improve work place safety , it is necessary to assess musculoskeletal and biomechanical risk exposures associated with these tasks , which requires very accurate 3d pose . existing approaches mainly utilize marker - based sensors to collect 3d information . howe ←
→ structured embedding models for grouped data ; word embeddings are a powerful approach for analyzing language , and exponential family embeddings ( efe ) extend them to other types of data . here we develop structured exponential family embeddings ( s - efe ), a method for discovering embeddings that vary across related groups of data . we study how the word usage of u . s . congressional speeches varies across states and party affiliation , how words are used differently across sections of the arxiv , and how the co - pur ←
→ set - to - set hashing with applications in visual recognition ; visual data , such as an image or a sequence of video frames , is often naturally represented as a point set . in this paper , we consider the fundamental problem of finding a nearest set from a collection of sets , to a query set . this problem has obvious applications in large - scale visual retrieval and recognition , and also in applied fields beyond computer vision . one challenge stands out in solving the problem --- set representation and measure of si ←
→ on map inference by mwss on perfect graphs ; finding the most likely ( map ) configuration of a markov random field ( mrf ) is np - hard in general . a promising , recent technique is to reduce the problem to finding a maximum weight stable set ( mwss ) on a derived weighted graph , which if perfect , allows inference in polynomial time . we derive new results for this approach , including a general decomposition theorem for mrfs of any order and number of labels , extensions of results for binary pairwise models with sub ←
→ fast randomized model generation for shapelet - based time series classification ; time series classification is a field which has drawn much attention over the past decade . a new approach for classification of time series uses classification trees based on shapelets . a shapelet is a subsequence extracted from one of the time series in the dataset . a disadvantage of this approach is the time required for building the shapelet - based classification tree . the search for the best shapelet requires examining all ←
→ semantic image retrieval via active grounding of visual situations ; we describe a novel architecture for semantic image retrieval --- in particular , retrieval of instances of visual situations . visual situations are concepts such as " a boxing match ," " walking the dog ," " a crowd waiting for a bus ," or " a game of ping - pong ," whose instantiations in images are linked more by their common spatial and semantic structure than by low - level visual similarity . given a query situation description , our architecture --- c ←
→ simplifying the bible and wikipedia using statistical machine translation ; i started this work with the hope of generating a text synthesizer ( like a musical synthesizer ) that can imitate certain linguistic styles . most of the report focuses on text simplification using statistical machine translation ( smt ) techniques . i applied moses to a parallel corpus of the bible ( king james version and easy - to - read version ) and that of wikipedia articles ( normal and simplified ). i report the importance of the three ←
→ toward robustness against label noise in training deep discriminative neural networks ; collecting large training datasets , annotated with high - quality labels , is costly and time - consuming . this paper proposes a novel framework for training deep convolutional neural networks from noisy labeled datasets that can be obtained cheaply . the problem is formulated using an undirected graphical model that represents the relationship between noisy and clean labels , trained in a semi - supervised setting . in our form ←
→ dynamic computational time for visual attention ; we propose a dynamic computational time model to accelerate the average processing time for recurrent visual attention ( ram ). rather than attention with a fixed number of steps for each input image , the model learns to decide when to stop on the fly . to achieve this , we add an additional continue / stop action per time step to ram and use reinforcement learning to learn both the optimal attention policy and stopping policy . the modification is simple but could ←
→ a feature - based prediction model of algorithm selection for constrained continuous optimisation ; with this paper , we contribute to the growing research area of feature - based analysis of bio - inspired computing . in this research area , problem instances are classified according to different features of the underlying problem in terms of their difficulty of being solved by a particular algorithm . we investigate the impact of different sets of evolved instances for building prediction models in the area of al ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for unsupervised video summarization with diversity - representativeness reward ; video summarization aims to facilitate large - scale video browsing by producing short , concise summaries that are diverse and representative of original videos . in this paper , we formulate video summarization as a sequential decision - making process and develop a deep summarization network ( dsn ) to summarize videos . dsn predicts for each video frame a probability , which indicates how likely a frame is ←
→ barchan : blob alignment for robust chromatographic analysis ; comprehensive two dimensional gas chromatography ( gcxgc ) plays a central role into the elucidation of complex samples . the automation of the identification of peak areas is of prime interest to obtain a fast and repeatable analysis of chromatograms . to determine the concentration of compounds or pseudo - compounds , templates of blobs are defined and superimposed on a reference chromatogram . the templates then need to be modified when different chro ←
→ online em algorithm for hidden markov models ; online ( also called " recursive " or " adaptive ") estimation of fixed model parameters in hidden markov models is a topic of much interest in times series modelling . in this work , we propose an online parameter estimation algorithm that combines two key ideas . the first one , which is deeply rooted in the expectation - maximization ( em ) methodology consists in reparameterizing the problem using complete - data sufficient statistics . the second ingredient consists in ex ←
→ sorting by swaps with noisy comparisons ; we study sorting of permutations by random swaps if each comparison gives the wrong result with some fixed probability $ p < 1 / 2 $. we use this process as prototype for the behaviour of randomized , comparison - based optimization heuristics in the presence of noisy comparisons . as quality measure , we compute the expected fitness of the stationary distribution . to measure the runtime , we compute the minimal number of steps after which the average fitness approximates the e ←
→ image captioning at will : a versatile scheme for effectively injecting sentiments into image descriptions ; automatic image captioning has recently approached human - level performance due to the latest advances in computer vision and natural language understanding . however , most of the current models can only generate plain factual descriptions about the content of a given image . however , for human beings , image caption writing is quite flexible and diverse , where additional language dimensions , such as em ←
→ scalable , trie - based approximate entity extraction for real - time financial transaction screening ; financial institutions have to screen their transactions to ensure that they are not affiliated with terrorism entities . developing appropriate solutions to detect such affiliations precisely while avoiding any kind of interruption to large amount of legitimate transactions is essential . in this paper , we present building blocks of a scalable solution that may help financial institutions to build their own s ←
→ residual features and unified prediction network for single stage detection ; recently , a lot of single stage detectors using multi - scale features have been actively proposed . they are much faster than two stage detectors that use region proposal networks ( rpn ) without much degradation in the detection performances . however , the feature maps in the lower layers close to the input which are responsible for detecting small objects in a single stage detector have a problem of insufficient representation powe ←
→ deep learning for neuroimaging : a validation study ; deep learning methods have recently made notable advances in the tasks of classification and representation learning . these tasks are important for brain imaging and neuroscience discovery , making the methods attractive for porting to a neuroimager ' s toolbox . success of these methods is , in part , explained by the flexibility of deep learning models . however , this flexibility makes the process of porting to new areas a difficult parameter optimization prob ←
→ a machine - compiled macroevolutionary history of phanerozoic life ; many aspects of macroevolutionary theory and our understanding of biotic responses to global environmental change derive from literature - based compilations of palaeontological data . existing manually assembled databases are , however , incomplete and difficult to assess and enhance . here , we develop and validate the quality of a machine reading system , paleodeepdive , that automatically locates and extracts data from heterogeneous text , tables ,←
→ study of neural network algorithm for straight - line drawings of planar graphs ; graph drawing addresses the problem of finding a layout of a graph that satisfies given aesthetic and understandability objectives . the most important objective in graph drawing is minimization of the number of crossings in the drawing , as the aesthetics and readability of graph drawings depend on the number of edge crossings . vlsi layouts with fewer crossings are more easily realizable and consequently cheaper . a straight - lin ←
→ sequential monte carlo bandits ; in this paper we propose a flexible and efficient framework for handling multi - armed bandits , combining sequential monte carlo algorithms with hierarchical bayesian modeling techniques . the framework naturally encompasses restless bandits , contextual bandits , and other bandit variants under a single inferential model . despite the model ' s generality , we propose efficient monte carlo algorithms to make inference scalable , based on recent developments in sequential monte carlo ←
→ automated latent fingerprint recognition ; latent fingerprints are one of the most important and widely used evidence in law enforcement and forensic agencies worldwide . yet , nist evaluations show that the performance of state - of - the - art latent recognition systems is far from satisfactory . an automated latent fingerprint recognition system with high accuracy is essential to compare latents found at crime scenes to a large collection of reference prints to generate a candidate list of possible mates . in this ←
→ sentiment classification with word attention based on weakly supervised learning with a convolutional neural network ; in order to maximize the applicability of sentiment analysis results , it is necessary to not only classify the overall sentiment ( positive / negative ) of a given document but also to identify the main words that contribute to the classification . however , most datasets for sentiment analysis only have the sentiment label for each document or sentence . in other words , there is no information ←
→ epistemic foundation of stable model semantics ; stable model semantics has become a very popular approach for the management of negation in logic programming . this approach relies mainly on the closed world assumption to complete the available knowledge and its formulation has its basis in the so - called gelfond - lifschitz transformation . the primary goal of this work is to present an alternative and epistemic - based characterization of stable model semantics , to the gelfond - lifschitz transformation . in par ←
→ temporal autoencoding improves generative models of time series ; restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ) are generative models which can learn useful representations from samples of a dataset in an unsupervised fashion . they have been widely employed as an unsupervised pre - training method in machine learning . rbms have been modified to model time series in two main ways : the temporal rbm stacks a number of rbms laterally and introduces temporal dependencies between the hidden layer units ; the conditional rbm ,←
→ neural networks with smooth adaptive activation functions for regression ; in neural networks ( nn ), adaptive activation functions ( aaf ) have parameters that control the shapes of activation functions . these parameters are trained along with other parameters in the nn . aafs have improved performance of neural networks ( nn ) in multiple classification tasks . in this paper , we propose and apply aafs on feedforward nns for regression tasks . we argue that applying aafs in the regression ( second - to - last ) layer of ←
→ proceedings of the 38th annual workshop of the austrian association for pattern recognition ( öagm ), 2014 ; the 38th annual workshop of the austrian association for pattern recognition (\" oagm ) will be held at ist austria , on may 22 - 23 , 2014 . the workshop provides a platform for researchers and industry to discuss traditional and new areas of computer vision . this year the main topic is : pattern recognition : interdisciplinary challenges and opportunities .←
→ understanding the interaction between interests , conversations and friendships in facebook ; in this paper , we explore salient questions about user interests , conversations and friendships in the facebook social network , using a novel latent space model that integrates several data types . a key challenge of studying facebook ' s data is the wide range of data modalities such as text , network links , and categorical labels . our latent space model seamlessly combines all three data modalities over millions of ←
→ randomized mechanisms for selling reserved instances in cloud ; selling reserved instances ( or virtual machines ) is a basic service in cloud computing . in this paper , we consider a more flexible pricing model for instance reservation , in which a customer can propose the time length and number of resources of her request , while in today ' s industry , customers can only choose from several predefined reservation packages . under this model , we design randomized mechanisms for customers coming online to optimize ←
→ stationary time - vertex signal processing ; the goal of this paper is to improve learning for multivariate processes whose structure is dependent on some known graph topology ; especially when the number of available samples is much smaller than the number of variables . typically , the graph information is incorporated into the learning process via a smoothness assumption postulating that the values supported on well - connected vertices exhibit small variations . we argue that smoothness is not enough . to captur ←
→ metric learning via maximizing the lipschitz margin ratio ; in this paper , we propose the lipschitz margin ratio and a new metric learning framework for classification through maximizing the ratio . this framework enables the integration of both the inter - class margin and the intra - class dispersion , as well as the enhancement of the generalization ability of a classifier . to introduce the lipschitz margin ratio and its associated learning bound , we elaborate the relationship between metric learning and lipsc ←
→ optimization of convolutional neural network using microcanonical annealing algorithm ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is one of the most prominent architectures and algorithm in deep learning . it shows a remarkable improvement in the recognition and classification of objects . this method has also been proven to be very effective in a variety of computer vision and machine learning problems . as in other deep learning , however , training the cnn is interesting yet challenging . recently , some metaheurist ←
→ coresets for triangulation ; multiple - view triangulation by $\ ell_ {\ infty }$ minimisation has become established in computer vision . state - of - the - art $\ ell_ {\ infty }$ triangulation algorithms exploit the quasiconvexity of the cost function to derive iterative update rules that deliver the global minimum . such algorithms , however , can be computationally costly for large problem instances that contain many image measurements , e . g ., from web - based photo sharing sites or long - term video recordings . in this paper ,←
→ redundancy in active paths of deep networks : a random active path model ; deep learning has become a powerful and popular tool for a variety of machine learning tasks . however , it is extremely challenging to understand the mechanism of deep learning from a theoretical perspective . in this work , we study robustness of a deep network in its generalization capability against removal of a certain number of connections between layers . a critical value of this number is observed to separate a robust ( redundant ) r ←
→ identifying candidate risk factors for prescription drug side effects using causal contrast set mining ; big longitudinal observational databases present the opportunity to extract new knowledge in a cost effective manner . unfortunately , the ability of these databases to be used for causal inference is limited due to the passive way in which the data are collected resulting in various forms of bias . in this paper we investigate a method that can overcome these limitations and determine causal contrast set ←
→ regularizers versus losses for nonlinear dimensionality reduction : a factored view with new convex relaxations ; we demonstrate that almost all non - parametric dimensionality reduction methods can be expressed by a simple procedure : regularized loss minimization plus singular value truncation . by distinguishing the role of the loss and regularizer in such a process , we recover a factored perspective that reveals some gaps in the current literature . beyond identifying a useful new loss for manifold unfoldin ←
→ on landmark selection and sampling in high - dimensional data analysis ; in recent years , the spectral analysis of appropriately defined kernel matrices has emerged as a principled way to extract the low - dimensional structure often prevalent in high - dimensional data . here we provide an introduction to spectral methods for linear and nonlinear dimension reduction , emphasizing ways to overcome the computational limitations currently faced by practitioners with massive datasets . in particular , a data subsampling ←
→ a neural architecture mimicking humans end - to - end for natural language inference ; in this work we use the recent advances in representation learning to propose a neural architecture for the problem of natural language inference . our approach is aligned to mimic how a human does the natural language inference process given two statements . the model uses variants of long short term memory ( lstm ), attention mechanism and composable neural networks , to carry out the task . each part of our model can be mapped ←
→ central pattern generators for the control of robotic systems ; bio - inspired control of motion is an active field of research with many applications in real world tasks . in the case of robotic systems that need to exhibit oscillatory behaviour ( i . e . locomotion of snake - type or legged robots ), central pattern generators ( cpgs ) are among the most versatile solutions . these controllers are often based on loosely - coupled oscillators similar to those found in the neural circuits of many animal species , and can b ←
→ graphical estimation of permeability using rst & nfis ; this paper pursues some applications of rough set theory ( rst ) and neural - fuzzy model to analysis of " lugeon data ". in the manner , using self organizing map ( som ) as a pre - processing the data are scaled and then the dominant rules by rst , are elicited . based on these rules variations of permeability in the different levels of shivashan dam , iran has been highlighted . then , via using a combining of som and an adaptive neuro - fuzzy inference system ( nfis ) a ←
→ constant - time filtering using shiftable kernels ; it was recently demonstrated in [ 5 ] that the non - linear bilateral filter [ 14 ] can be efficiently implemented using a constant - time or o ( 1 ) algorithm . at the heart of this algorithm was the idea of approximating the gaussian range kernel of the bilateral filter using trigonometric functions . in this letter , we explain how the idea in [ 5 ] can be extended to few other linear and non - linear filters [ 14 , 17 , 2 ]. while some of these filters have received a lot of ←
→ hard negative mining for metric learning based zero - shot classification ; zero - shot learning has been shown to be an efficient strategy for domain adaptation . in this context , this paper builds on the recent work of bucher et al . [ 1 ], which proposed an approach to solve zero - shot classification problems ( zsc ) by introducing a novel metric learning based objective function . this objective function allows to learn an optimal embedding of the attributes jointly with a measure of similarity between images and a ←
→ data - driven color augmentation techniques for deep skin image analysis ; dermoscopic skin images are often obtained with different imaging devices , under varying acquisition conditions . in this work , instead of attempting to perform intensity and color normalization , we propose to leverage computational color constancy techniques to build an artificial data augmentation technique suitable for this kind of images . specifically , we apply the \ emph { shades of gray } color constancy technique to color - normalize t ←
→ bayesian error - bars for belief net inference ; a bayesian belief network ( bn ) is a model of a joint distribution over a setof n variables , with a dag structure to represent the immediate dependenciesbetween the variables , and a set of parameters ( aka cptables ) to represent thelocal conditional probabilities of a node , given each assignment to itsparents . in many situations , these parameters are themselves random variables - this may reflect the uncertainty of the domain expert , or may come from atraining sa ←
→ learning to deblur ; we describe a learning - based approach to blind image deconvolution . it uses a deep layered architecture , parts of which are borrowed from recent work on neural network learning , and parts of which incorporate computations that are specific to image deconvolution . the system is trained end - to - end on a set of artificially generated training examples , enabling competitive performance in blind deconvolution , both with respect to quality and runtime .←
→ ranking and significance of variable - length similarity - based time series motifs ; the detection of very similar patterns in a time series , commonly called motifs , has received continuous and increasing attention from diverse scientific communities . in particular , recent approaches for discovering similar motifs of different lengths have been proposed . in this work , we show that such variable - length similarity - based motifs cannot be directly compared , and hence ranked , by their normalized dissimilarities . ←
→ a new smooth approximation to the zero one loss with a probabilistic interpretation ; we examine a new form of smooth approximation to the zero one loss in which learning is performed using a reformulation of the widely used logistic function . our approach is based on using the posterior mean of a novel generalized beta - bernoulli formulation . this leads to a generalized logistic function that approximates the zero one loss , but retains a probabilistic formulation conferring a number of useful properties . ←
→ infinite author topic model based on mixed gamma - negative binomial process ; incorporating the side information of text corpus , i . e ., authors , time stamps , and emotional tags , into the traditional text mining models has gained significant interests in the area of information retrieval , statistical natural language processing , and machine learning . one branch of these works is the so - called author topic model ( atm ), which incorporates the authors ' s interests as side information into the classical topic mod ←
→ sequential convolutional neural networks for slot filling in spoken language understanding ; we investigate the usage of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for the slot filling task in spoken language understanding . we propose a novel cnn architecture for sequence labeling which takes into account the previous context words with preserved order information and pays special attention to the current word with its surrounding context . moreover , it combines the information from the past and the future words ←
→ comment on " why does deep and cheap learning work so well ?" [ arxiv : 1608 . 08225 ] ; in a recent paper , " why does deep and cheap learning work so well ?", lin and tegmark claim to show that the mapping between deep belief networks and the variational renormalization group derived in [ arxiv : 1410 . 3831 ] is invalid , and present a " counterexample " that claims to show that this mapping does not hold . in this comment , we show that these claims are incorrect and stem from a misunderstanding of the variational rg proce ←
→ basic formal properties of a relational model of the mathematical theory of evidence ; the paper presents a novel view of the dempster - shafer belief function as a measure of diversity in relational data bases . it is demonstrated that under the interpretation the dempster rule of evidence combination corresponds to the join operator of the relational database theory . this rough - set based interpretation is qualitative in nature and can represent a number of belief function operators . the interpretation ha ←
→ expressing relational and temporal knowledge in visual probabilistic networks ; bayesian networks have been used extensively in diagnostic tasks such as medicine , where they represent the dependency relations between a set of symptoms and a set of diseases . a criticism of this type of knowledge representation is that it is restricted to this kind of task , and that it cannot cope with the knowledge required in other artificial intelligence applications . for example , in computer vision , we require the abili ←
→ parallel coordinate descent for the adaboost problem ; we design a randomised parallel version of adaboost based on previous studies on parallel coordinate descent . the algorithm uses the fact that the logarithm of the exponential loss is a function with coordinate - wise lipschitz continuous gradient , in order to define the step lengths . we provide the proof of convergence for this randomised adaboost algorithm and a theoretical parallelisation speedup factor . we finally provide numerical examples on learnin ←
→ sparse representation based augmented multinomial logistic extreme learning machine with weighted composite features for spectral spatial hyperspectral image classification ; although extreme learning machine ( elm ) has been successfully applied to a number of pattern recognition problems , it fails to pro - vide sufficient good results in hyperspectral image ( hsi ) classification due to two main drawbacks . the first is due to the random weights and bias of elm , which may lead to ill - posed problems . the seco ←
→ convergence properties of kronecker graphical lasso algorithms ; this paper studies iteration convergence of kronecker graphical lasso ( kglasso ) algorithms for estimating the covariance of an i . i . d . gaussian random sample under a sparse kronecker - product covariance model and mse convergence rates . the kglasso model , originally called the transposable regularized covariance model by allen [" transposable regularized covariance models with an application to missing data imputation ," ann . appl . statist ., vol . 4 ←
→ reasoning about agent programs using atl - like logics ; we propose a variant of alternating - time temporal logic ( atl ) grounded in the agents ' operational know - how , as defined by their libraries of abstract plans . inspired by atles , a variant itself of atl , it is possible in our logic to explicitly refer to " rational " strategies for agents developed under the belief - desire - intention agent programming paradigm . this allows us to express and verify properties of bdi systems using atl - type logical frameworks .←
→ zoo : zeroth order optimization based black - box attacks to deep neural networks without training substitute models ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) are one of the most prominent technologies of our time , as they achieve state - of - the - art performance in many machine learning tasks , including but not limited to image classification , text mining , and speech processing . however , recent research on dnns has indicated ever - increasing concern on the robustness to adversarial examples , especially for security - critical ←
→ speech recognition for medical conversations ; in this paper we document our experiences with developing speech recognition for medical transcription - a system that automatically transcribes doctor - patient conversations . towards this goal , we built a system along two different methodological lines - a connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) phoneme based model and a listen attend and spell ( las ) grapheme based model . to train these models we used a corpus of anonymized conversations representing approx ←
→ automatic knee osteoarthritis diagnosis from plain radiographs : a deep learning - based approach ; knee osteoarthritis ( oa ) is the most common musculoskeletal disorder . oa diagnosis is currently conducted by assessing symptoms and evaluating plain radiographs , but this process suffers from subjectivity . in this study , we present a new transparent computer - aided diagnosis method based on the deep siamese convolutional neural network to automatically score knee oa severity according to the kellgren - lawrence g ←
→ parameter estimation in finite mixture models by regularized optimal transport : a unified framework for hard and soft clustering ; in this short paper , we formulate parameter estimation for finite mixture models in the context of discrete optimal transportation with convex regularization . the proposed framework unifies hard and soft clustering methods for general mixture models . it also generalizes the celebrated $ k $\ nobreakdash - means and expectation - maximization algorithms in relation to associated bregm ←
→ boltzmann machines and energy - based models ; we review boltzmann machines and energy - based models . a boltzmann machine defines a probability distribution over binary - valued patterns . one can learn parameters of a boltzmann machine via gradient based approaches in a way that log likelihood of data is increased . the gradient and laplacian of a boltzmann machine admit beautiful mathematical representations , although computing them is in general intractable . this intractability motivates approximate methods , in ←
→ casp solutions for planning in hybrid domains ; casp is an extension of asp that allows for numerical constraints to be added in the rules . pddl + is an extension of the pddl standard language of automated planning for modeling mixed discrete - continuous dynamics . in this paper , we present casp solutions for dealing with pddl + problems , i . e ., encoding from pddl + to casp , and extensions to the algorithm of the ezcsp casp solver in order to solve casp programs arising from pddl + domains . an experimental analy ←
→ who will share my image ? predicting the content diffusion path in online social networks ; content popularity prediction has been extensively studied due to its importance and interest for both users and hosts of social media sites like facebook , instagram , twitter , and pinterest . however , existing work mainly focuses on modeling popularity using a single metric such as the total number of likes or shares . in this work , we propose diffusion - lstm , a memory - based deep recurrent network that learns to recurs ←
→ convolutional recurrent neural networks for bird audio detection ; bird sounds possess distinctive spectral structure which may exhibit small shifts in spectrum depending on the bird species and environmental conditions . in this paper , we propose using convolutional recurrent neural networks on the task of automated bird audio detection in real - life environments . in the proposed method , convolutional layers extract high dimensional , local frequency shift invariant features , while recurrent layers capture lo ←
→ large scale deep convolutional neural network features search with lucene ; in this work , we propose an approach to index deep convolutional neural network features to support efficient content - based retrieval on large image databases . to this aim , we have converted the these features into a textual form , to index them into an inverted index by means of lucene . in this way , we were able to set up a robust retrieval system that combines full - text search with content - based image retrieval capabilities . we e ←
→ deepm : a deep part - based model for object detection and semantic part localization ; in this paper , we propose a deep part - based model ( deepm ) for symbiotic object detection and semantic part localization . for this purpose , we annotate semantic parts for all 20 object categories on the pascal voc 2012 dataset , which provides information on object pose , occlusion , viewpoint and functionality . deepm is a latent graphical model based on the state - of - the - art r - cnn framework , which learns an explicit represent ←
→ learning multi - target tracking with quadratic object interactions ; we describe a model for multi - target tracking based on associating collections of candidate detections across frames of a video . in order to model pairwise interactions between different tracks , such as suppression of overlapping tracks and contextual cues about co - occurence of different objects , we augment a standard min - cost flow objective with quadratic terms between detection variables . we learn the parameters of this model using struct ←
→ fdconfig : a constraint - based interactive product configurator ; we present a constraint - based approach to interactive product configuration . our configurator tool fdconfig is based on feature models for the representation of the product domain . such models can be directly mapped into constraint satisfaction problems and dealt with by appropriate constraint solvers . during the interactive configuration process the user generates new constraints as a result of his configuration decisions and even may retract ←
→ forecasting and granger modelling with non - linear dynamical dependencies ; traditional linear methods for forecasting multivariate time series are not able to satisfactorily model the non - linear dependencies that may exist in non - gaussian series . we build on the theory of learning vector - valued functions in the reproducing kernel hilbert space and develop a method for learning prediction functions that accommodate such non - linearities . the method not only learns the predictive function but also the matrix - v ←
→ balanced quantization : an effective and efficient approach to quantized neural networks ; quantized neural networks ( qnns ), which use low bitwidth numbers for representing parameters and performing computations , have been proposed to reduce the computation complexity , storage size and memory usage . in qnns , parameters and activations are uniformly quantized , such that the multiplications and additions can be accelerated by bitwise operations . however , distributions of parameters in neural networks are oft ←
→ cooperative multi - agent reinforcement learning for low - level wireless communication ; traditional radio systems are strictly co - designed on the lower levels of the osi stack for compatibility and efficiency . although this has enabled the success of radio communications , it has also introduced lengthy standardization processes and imposed static allocation of the radio spectrum . various initiatives have been undertaken by the research community to tackle the problem of artificial spectrum scarcity by both ←
→ initialising kernel adaptive filters via probabilistic inference ; we present a probabilistic framework for both ( i ) determining the initial settings of kernel adaptive filters ( kafs ) and ( ii ) constructing fully - adaptive kafs whereby in addition to weights and dictionaries , kernel parameters are learnt sequentially . this is achieved by formulating the estimator as a probabilistic model and defining dedicated prior distributions over the kernel parameters , weights and dictionary , enforcing desired properties ←
→ object - centric photometric bundle adjustment with deep shape prior ; reconstructing 3d shapes from a sequence of images has long been a problem of interest in computer vision . classical structure from motion ( sfm ) methods have attempted to solve this problem through projected point displacement \& bundle adjustment . more recently , deep methods have attempted to solve this problem by directly learning a relationship between geometry and appearance . there is , however , a significant gap between these two strat ←
→ characterness : an indicator of text in the wild ; text in an image provides vital information for interpreting its contents , and text in a scene can aide with a variety of tasks from navigation , to obstacle avoidance , and odometry . despite its value , however , identifying general text in images remains a challenging research problem . motivated by the need to consider the widely varying forms of natural text , we propose a bottom - up approach to the problem which reflects the ` characterness ' of an image region .←
→ robobarista : object part based transfer of manipulation trajectories from crowd - sourcing in 3d pointclouds ; there is a large variety of objects and appliances in human environments , such as stoves , coffee dispensers , juice extractors , and so on . it is challenging for a roboticist to program a robot for each of these object types and for each of their instantiations . in this work , we present a novel approach to manipulation planning based on the idea that many household objects share similarly - operated ob ←
→ post - edit analysis of collective biography generation ; text generation is increasingly common but often requires manual post - editing where high precision is critical to end users . however , manual editing is expensive so we want to ensure this effort is focused on high - value tasks . and we want to maintain stylistic consistency , a particular challenge in crowd settings . we present a case study , analysing human post - editing in the context of a template - based biography generation system . an edit flow visualisa ←
→ towards ai - complete question answering : a set of prerequisite toy tasks ; one long - term goal of machine learning research is to produce methods that are applicable to reasoning and natural language , in particular building an intelligent dialogue agent . to measure progress towards that goal , we argue for the usefulness of a set of proxy tasks that evaluate reading comprehension via question answering . our tasks measure understanding in several ways : whether a system is able to answer questions via chaining f ←
→ early predictions of movie success : the who , what , and when of profitability ; this paper proposes a decision support system to aid movie investment decisions at the early stage of movie productions . the system predicts the success of a movie based on its profitability by leveraging historical data from various sources . using social network analysis and text mining techniques , the system automatically extracts several groups of features , including " who " are on the cast , " what " a movie is about , " when " a m ←
→ use pronunciation by analogy for text to speech system in persian language ; the interest in text to speech synthesis increased in the world . text to speech have been developed formany popular languages such as english , spanish and french and many researches and developmentshave been applied to those languages . persian on the other hand , has been given little attentioncompared to other languages of similar importance and the research in persian is still in its infancy . persian language possess many difficu ←
→ multidimensional counting grids : inferring word order from disordered bags of words ; models of bags of words typically assume topic mixing so that the words in a single bag come from a limited number of topics . we show here that many sets of bag of words exhibit a very different pattern of variation than the patterns that are efficiently captured by topic mixing . in many cases , from one bag of words to the next , the words disappear and new ones appear as if the theme slowly and smoothly shifted across do ←
→ bidirectional heuristic search reconsidered ; the assessment of bidirectional heuristic search has been incorrect since it was first published more than a quarter of a century ago . for quite a long time , this search strategy did not achieve the expected results , and there was a major misunderstanding about the reasons behind it . although there is still wide - spread belief that bidirectional heuristic search is afflicted by the problem of search frontiers passing each other , we demonstrate that this conjectur ←
→ gaussian process kernels for popular state - space time series models ; in this paper we investigate a link between state - space models and gaussian processes ( gp ) for time series modeling and forecasting . in particular , several widely used state - space models are transformed into continuous time form and corresponding gaussian process kernels are derived . experimen - tal results demonstrate that the derived gp kernels are correct and appropriate for gaussian process regression . an experiment with a real world ←
→ entropy non - increasing games for the improvement of dataflow programming ; in this article , we introduce a new conception of a family of esport games called samu entropy to try to improve dataflow program graphs like the ones that are based on google ' s tensorflow . currently , the samu entropy project specifies only requirements for new esport games to be developed with particular attention to the investigation of the relationship between esport and artificial intelligence . it is quite obvious that there is a ←
→ representations of language in a model of visually grounded speech signal ; we present a visually grounded model of speech perception which projects spoken utterances and images to a joint semantic space . we use a multi - layer recurrent highway network to model the temporal nature of spoken speech , and show that it learns to extract both form and meaning - based linguistic knowledge from the input signal . we carry out an in - depth analysis of the representations used by different components of the trained mod ←
→ modeling urbanization patterns with generative adversarial networks ; in this study we propose a new method to simulate hyper - realistic urban patterns using generative adversarial networks trained with a global urban land - use inventory . we generated a synthetic urban " universe " that qualitatively reproduces the complex spatial organization observed in global urban patterns , while being able to quantitatively recover certain key high - level urban spatial metrics .←
→ improving mild cognitive impairment prediction via reinforcement learning and dialogue simulation ; mild cognitive impairment ( mci ) is a prodromal phase in the progression from normal aging to dementia , especially alzheimers disease . even though there is mild cognitive decline in mci patients , they have normal overall cognition and thus is challenging to distinguish from normal aging . using transcribed data obtained from recorded conversational interactions between participants and trained interviewers , a ←
→ using a support - vector machine for japanese - to - english translation of tense , aspect , and modality ; this paper describes experiments carried out using a variety of machine - learning methods , including the k - nearest neighborhood method that was used in a previous study , for the translation of tense , aspect , and modality . it was found that the support - vector machine method was the most precise of all the methods tested .←
→ lstm with working memory ; previous rnn architectures have largely been superseded by lstm , or " long short - term memory ". since its introduction , there have been many variations on this simple design . however , it is still widely used and we are not aware of a gated - rnn architecture that outperforms lstm in a broad sense while still being as simple and efficient . in this paper we propose a modified lstm - like architecture . our architecture is still simple and achieves better performance on the tasks that we te ←
→ virtual vector machine for bayesian online classification ; in a typical online learning scenario , a learner is required to process a large data stream using a small memory buffer . such a requirement is usually in conflict with a learner ' s primary pursuit of prediction accuracy . to address this dilemma , we introduce a novel bayesian online classi cation algorithm , called the virtual vector machine . the virtual vector machine allows you to smoothly trade - off prediction accuracy with memory size . the virtual ←
→ vision - aided absolute trajectory estimation using an unsupervised deep network with online error correction ; we present an unsupervised deep neural network approach to the fusion of rgb - d imagery with inertial measurements for absolute trajectory estimation . our network , dubbed the visual - inertial - odometry learner ( violearner ), learns to perform visual - inertial odometry ( vio ) without inertial measurement unit ( imu ) intrinsic parameters ( corresponding to gyroscope and accelerometer bias or white noise ) or ←
→ uncovering the riffled independence structure of rankings ; representing distributions over permutations can be a daunting task due to the fact that the number of permutations of $ n $ objects scales factorially in $ n $. one recent way that has been used to reduce storage complexity has been to exploit probabilistic independence , but as we argue , full independence assumptions impose strong sparsity constraints on distributions and are unsuitable for modeling rankings . we identify a novel class of independence ←
→ transductive zero - shot learning with a self - training dictionary approach ; as an important and challenging problem in computer vision , zero - shot learning ( zsl ) aims at automatically recognizing the instances from unseen object classes without training data . to address this problem , zsl is usually carried out in the following two aspects : 1 ) capturing the domain distribution connections between seen classes data and unseen classes data ; and 2 ) modeling the semantic interactions between the image feature spac ←
→ smarnet : teaching machines to read and comprehend like human ; machine comprehension ( mc ) is a challenging task in natural language processing field , which aims to guide the machine to comprehend a passage and answer the given question . many existing approaches on mc task are suffering the inefficiency in some bottlenecks , such as insufficient lexical understanding , complex question - passage interaction , incorrect answer extraction and so on . in this paper , we address these problems from the viewpoint of how ←
→ a parameterised hierarchy of argumentation semantics for extended logic programming and its application to the well - founded semantics ; argumentation has proved a useful tool in defining formal semantics for assumption - based reasoning by viewing a proof as a process in which proponents and opponents attack each others arguments by undercuts ( attack to an argument ' s premise ) and rebuts ( attack to an argument ' s conclusion ). in this paper , we formulate a variety of notions of attack for extended logic progra ←
→ scalable gradient - based tuning of continuous regularization hyperparameters ; hyperparameter selection generally relies on running multiple full training trials , with selection based on validation set performance . we propose a gradient - based approach for locally adjusting hyperparameters during training of the model . hyperparameters are adjusted so as to make the model parameter gradients , and hence updates , more advantageous for the validation cost . we explore the approach for tuning regularization hyper ←
→ factored latent analysis for far - field tracking data ; this paper uses factored latent analysis ( fla ) to learn a factorized , segmental representation for observations of tracked objects over time . factored latent analysis is latent class analysis in which the observation space is subdivided and each aspect of the original space is represented by a separate latent class model . one could simply treat these factors as completely independent and ignore their interdependencies or one could concatenate them toget ←
→ online energy price matrix factorization for power grid topology tracking ; grid security and open markets are two major smart grid goals . transparency of market data facilitates a competitive and efficient energy environment , yet it may also reveal critical physical system information . recovering the grid topology based solely on publicly available market data is explored here . real - time energy prices are calculated as the lagrange multipliers of network - constrained economic dispatch ; that is , via a line ←
→ feature learning by multidimensional scaling and its applications in object recognition ; we present the mds feature learning framework , in which multidimensional scaling ( mds ) is applied on high - level pairwise image distances to learn fixed - length vector representations of images . the aspects of the images that are captured by the learned features , which we call mds features , completely depend on what kind of image distance measurement is employed . with properly selected semantics - sensitive image distanc ←
→ the challenge of non - technical loss detection using artificial intelligence : a survey ; detection of non - technical losses ( ntl ) which include electricity theft , faulty meters or billing errors has attracted increasing attention from researchers in electrical engineering and computer science . ntls cause significant harm to the economy , as in some countries they may range up to 40 % of the total electricity distributed . the predominant research direction is employing artificial intelligence to predict whethe ←
→ automatized generation of alphabets of symbols ; in this paper , we discuss the generation of symbols ( and alphabets ) based on specific user requirements ( medium , priorities , type of information that needs to be conveyed ). a framework for the generation of alphabets is proposed , and its use for the generation of a shorthand writing system is explored . we discuss the possible use of machine learning and genetic algorithms to gather inputs for generation of such alphabets and for optimization of already genera ←
→ photosensor oculography : survey and parametric analysis of designs using model - based simulation ; this paper presents a renewed overview of photosensor oculography ( psog ), an eye - tracking technique based on the principle of using simple photosensors to measure the amount of reflected ( usually infrared ) light when the eye rotates . photosensor oculography can provide measurements with high precision , low latency and reduced power consumption , and thus it appears as an attractive option for performing eye - tr ←
→ uncertainty quantification in graph - based classification of high dimensional data ; classification of high dimensional data finds wide - ranging applications . in many of these applications equipping the resulting classification with a measure of uncertainty may be as important as the classification itself . in this paper we introduce , develop algorithms for , and investigate the properties of , a variety of bayesian models for the task of binary classification ; via the posterior distribution on the classificat ←
→ the capio 2017 conversational speech recognition system ; in this paper we show how we have achieved the state - of - the - art performance on the industry - standard nist 2000 hub5 english evaluation set . we explore densely connected lstms , inspired by the densely connected convolutional networks recently introduced for image classification tasks . we also propose an acoustic model adaptation scheme that simply averages the parameters of a seed neural network acoustic model and its adapted version . this method was ←
→ gotcha password hackers ! ; we introduce gotchas ( generating panoptic turing tests to tell computers and humans apart ) as a way of preventing automated offline dictionary attacks against user selected passwords . a gotcha is a randomized puzzle generation protocol , which involves interaction between a computer and a human . informally , a gotcha should satisfy two key properties : ( 1 ) the puzzles are easy for the human to solve . ( 2 ) the puzzles are hard for a computer to solve even if it has the random bits used ←
→ neural responding machine for short - text conversation ; we propose neural responding machine ( nrm ), a neural network - based response generator for short - text conversation . nrm takes the general encoder - decoder framework : it formalizes the generation of response as a decoding process based on the latent representation of the input text , while both encoding and decoding are realized with recurrent neural networks ( rnn ). the nrm is trained with a large amount of one - round conversation data collected from a micr ←
→ mostly - unsupervised statistical segmentation of japanese kanji sequences ; given the lack of word delimiters in written japanese , word segmentation is generally considered a crucial first step in processing japanese texts . typical japanese segmentation algorithms rely either on a lexicon and syntactic analysis or on pre - segmented data ; but these are labor - intensive , and the lexico - syntactic techniques are vulnerable to the unknown word problem . in contrast , we introduce a novel , more robust statistical meth ←
→ surprise search for evolutionary divergence ; inspired by the notion of surprise for unconventional discovery we introduce a general search algorithm we name surprise search as a new method of evolutionary divergent search . surprise search is grounded in the divergent search paradigm and is fabricated within the principles of evolutionary search . the algorithm mimics the self - surprise cognitive process and equips evolutionary search with the ability to seek for solutions that deviate from the algorithm ' s ex ←
→ joint max margin and semantic features for continuous event detection in complex scenes ; in this paper the problem of complex event detection in the continuous domain ( i . e . events with unknown starting and ending locations ) is addressed . existing event detection methods are limited to features that are extracted from the local spatial or spatio - temporal patches from the videos . however , this makes the model vulnerable to the events with similar concepts e . g . " open drawer " and " open cupboard ". in this wor ←
→ 2 ^ b3 ^ c : 2 box 3 crop of facial image for gender classification with convolutional networks ; in this paper , we tackle the classification of gender in facial images with deep learning . our convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) use the vgg - 16 architecture [ 1 ] and are pretrained on imagenet for image classification . our proposed method ( 2 ^ b3 ^ c ) first detects the face in the facial image , increases the margin of a detected face by 50 %, cropping the face with two boxes three crop schemes ( left , middle , and right ←
→ small representations of big kidney exchange graphs ; kidney exchanges are organized markets where patients swap willing but incompatible donors . in the last decade , kidney exchanges grew from small and regional to large and national --- and soon , international . this growth results in more lives saved , but exacerbates the empirical hardness of the $\ mathcal { np }$- complete problem of optimally matching patients to donors . state - of - the - art matching engines use integer programming techniques to clear fielded kidn ←
→ the logic programming paradigm and prolog ; this is a tutorial on logic programming and prolog appropriate for a course on programming languages for students familiar with imperative programming .←
→ entanglement zoo i : foundational and structural aspects ; we put forward a general classification for a structural description of the entanglement present in compound entities experimentally violating bell ' s inequalities , making use of a new entanglement scheme that we developed recently . our scheme , although different from the traditional one , is completely compatible with standard quantum theory , and enables quantum modeling in complex hilbert space for different types of situations . namely , situations wh ←
→ generating owa weights using truncated distributions ; ordered weighted averaging ( owa ) operators have been widely used in decision making these past few years . an important issue facing the owa operators ' users is the determination of the owa weights . this paper introduces an owa determination method based on truncated distributions that enables intuitive generation of owa weights according to a certain level of risk and trade - off . these two dimensions are represented by the two first moments of the trunca ←
→ video face editing using temporal - spatial - smooth warping ; editing faces in videos is a popular yet challenging aspect of computer vision and graphics , which encompasses several applications including facial attractiveness enhancement , makeup transfer , face replacement , and expression manipulation . simply applying image - based warping algorithms to video - based face editing produces temporal incoherence in the synthesized videos because it is impossible to consistently localize facial features in two frames r ←
→ discriminative training for convolved multiple - output gaussian processes ; multi - output gaussian processes ( mogp ) are probability distributions over vector - valued functions , and have been previously used for multi - output regression and for multi - class classification . a less explored facet of the multi - output gaussian process is that it can be used as a generative model for vector - valued random fields in the context of pattern recognition . as a generative model , the multi - output gp is able to handle vector - v ←
→ gazedpm : early integration of gaze information in deformable part models ; an increasing number of works explore collaborative human - computer systems in which human gaze is used to enhance computer vision systems . for object detection these efforts were so far restricted to late integration approaches that have inherent limitations , such as increased precision without increase in recall . we propose an early integration approach in a deformable part model , which constitutes a joint formulation over gaze and ←
→ 4d isip : 4d implicit surface interest point detection ; in this paper , we propose a new method to detect 4d spatiotemporal interest points though an implicit surface , we refer to as the 4d - isip . we use a 3d volume which has a truncated signed distance function ( tsdf ) for every voxel to represent our 3d object model . the tsdf represents the distance between the spatial points and object surface points which is an implicit surface representation . our novelty is to detect the points where the local neighborhood ←
→ a quantum genetic algorithm with quantum crossover and mutation operations ; in the context of evolutionary quantum computing in the literal meaning , a quantum crossover operation has not been introduced so far . here , we introduce a novel quantum genetic algorithm which has a quantum crossover procedure performing crossovers among all chromosomes in parallel for each generation . a complexity analysis shows that a quadratic speedup is achieved over its classical counterpart in the dominant factor of the ru ←
→ a metric learning perspective of svm : on the relation of svm and lmnn ; support vector machines , svms , and the large margin nearest neighbor algorithm , lmnn , are two very popular learning algorithms with quite different learning biases . in this paper we bring them into a unified view and show that they have a much stronger relation than what is commonly thought . we analyze svms from a metric learning perspective and cast them as a metric learning problem , a view which helps us uncover the relations of the t ←
→ clusters of driving behavior from observational smartphone data ; understanding driving behaviors is essential for improving safety and mobility of our transportation systems . data is usually collected via simulator - based studies or naturalistic driving studies . those techniques allow for understanding relations between demographics , road conditions and safety . on the other hand , they are very costly and time consuming . thanks to the ubiquity of smartphones , we have an opportunity to substantially complemen ←
→ supervised blockmodelling ; collective classification models attempt to improve classification performance by taking into account the class labels of related instances . however , they tend not to learn patterns of interactions between classes and / or make the assumption that instances of the same class link to each other ( assortativity assumption ). blockmodels provide a solution to these issues , being capable of modelling assortative and disassortative interactions , and learning the pattern of interactions in ←
→ fully convolutional neural networks for page segmentation of historical document images ; we propose a high - performance fully convolutional neural network ( fcn ) for historical document segmentation that is designed to process a single page in one step . the advantage of this model beside its speed is its ability to directly learn from raw pixels instead of using preprocessing steps e . g . feature computation or superpixel generation . we show that this network yields better results than existing methods on d ←
→ oriented bounding boxes using multiresolution contours for fast interference detection of arbitrary geometry objects ; interference detection of arbitrary geometric objects is not a trivial task due to the heavy computational load imposed by implementation issues . the hierarchically structured bounding boxes help us to quickly isolate the contour of segments in interference . in this paper , a new approach is introduced to treat the interference detection problem involving the representation of arbitrary sh ←
→ diverse large - scale its dataset created from continuous learning for real - time vehicle detection ; in traffic engineering , vehicle detectors are trained on limited datasets resulting in poor accuracy when deployed in real world applications . annotating large - scale high quality datasets is challenging . typically , these datasets have limited diversity ; they do not reflect the real - world operating environment . there is a need for a large - scale , cloud based positive and negative mining ( pnm ) process and a lar ←
→ creating a social brain for cooperative connected autonomous vehicles : issues and challenges ; the connected autonomous vehicle has been often touted as a technology that will become pervasive in society in the near future . rather than being stand alone , we examine the need for autonomous vehicles to cooperate and interact within their socio - cyber - physical environments , including the problems cooperation will solve , but also the issues and challenges .←
→ conscious intelligent systems - part 1 : i x i ; did natural consciousness and intelligent systems arise out of a path that was co - evolutionary to evolution ? can we explain human self - consciousness as having risen out of such an evolutionary path ? if so how could it have been ? in this first part of a two - part paper ( titled ixi ), we take a learning system perspective to the problem of consciousness and intelligent systems , an approach that may look unseasonable in this age of fmri ' s and high tech neuroscie ←
→ towards co - evolution of fitness predictors and deep neural networks ; deep neural networks proved to be a very useful and powerful tool with many practical applications . they especially excel at learning from large data sets with labeled samples . however , in order to achieve good learning results , the network architecture has to be carefully designed . creating an optimal topology requires a lot of experience and knowledge . unfortunately there are no practically applicable algorithms which could help in this ←
→ restart strategy selection using machine learning techniques ; restart strategies are an important factor in the performance of conflict - driven davis putnam style sat solvers . selecting a good restart strategy for a problem instance can enhance the performance of a solver . inspired by recent success applying machine learning techniques to predict the runtime of sat solvers , we present a method which uses machine learning to boost solver performance through a smart selection of the restart strategy . based on ←
→ least - squares fir models of low - resolution mr data for efficient phase - error compensation with simultaneous artefact removal ; signal space models in both phase - encode , and frequency - encode directions are presented for extrapolation of 2d partial kspace . using the boxcar representation of low - resolution spatial data , and a geometrical representation of signal space vectors in both positive and negative phase - encode directions , a robust predictor is constructed using a series of signal space projections . c ←
→ shape parameter estimation ; performance of machine learning approaches depends strongly on the choice of misfit penalty , and correct choice of penalty parameters , such as the threshold of the huber function . these parameters are typically chosen using expert knowledge , cross - validation , or black - box optimization , which are time consuming for large - scale applications . we present a principled , data - driven approach to simultaneously learn the model pa - rameters and the misfit penalty parameters . we discuss th ←
→ finite element model selection using particle swarm optimization ; this paper proposes the application of particle swarm optimization ( pso ) to the problem of finite element model ( fem ) selection . this problem arises when a choice of the best model for a system has to be made from set of competing models , each developed a priori from engineering judgment . pso is a population - based stochastic search algorithm inspired by the behaviour of biological entities in nature when they are foraging for resources . each ←
→ evaluation evaluation a monte carlo study ; over the last decade there has been increasing concern about the biases embodied in traditional evaluation methods for natural language processing / learning , particularly methods borrowed from information retrieval . without knowledge of the bias and prevalence of the contingency being tested , or equivalently the expectation due to chance , the simple conditional probabilities recall , precision and accuracy are not meaningful as evaluation measures , either individual ←
→ distant supervision for entity linking ; entity linking is an indispensable operation of populating knowledge repositories for information extraction . it studies on aligning a textual entity mention to its corresponding disambiguated entry in a knowledge repository . in this paper , we propose a new paradigm named distantly supervised entity linking ( dsel ), in the sense that the disambiguated entities that belong to a huge knowledge repository ( freebase ) are automatically aligned to the corresponding descript ←
→ nonparametric risk bounds for time - series forecasting ; we derive generalization error bounds for traditional time - series forecasting models . our results hold for many standard forecasting tools including autoregressive models , moving average models , and , more generally , linear state - space models . these non - asymptotic bounds need only weak assumptions on the data - generating process , yet allow forecasters to select among competing models and to guarantee , with high probability , that their chosen model will p ←
→ enhanced compressed sensing recovery with level set normals ; we propose a compressive sensing algorithm that exploits geometric properties of images to recover images of high quality from few measurements . the image reconstruction is done by iterating the two following steps : 1 ) estimation of normal vectors of the image level curves and 2 ) reconstruction of an image fitting the normal vectors , the compressed sensing measurements and the sparsity constraint . the proposed technique can naturally extend to no ←
→ stochastic dual coordinate ascent methods for regularized loss minimization ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) has become popular for solving large scale supervised machine learning optimization problems such as svm , due to their strong theoretical guarantees . while the closely related dual coordinate ascent ( dca ) method has been implemented in various software packages , it has so far lacked good convergence analysis . this paper presents a new analysis of stochastic dual coordinate ascent ( sdca ) showing ←
→ from - below approximations in boolean matrix factorization : geometry and new algorithm ; we present new results on boolean matrix factorization and a new algorithm based on these results . the results emphasize the significance of factorizations that provide from - below approximations of the input matrix . while the previously proposed algorithms do not consider the possibly different significance of different matrix entries , our results help measure such significance and suggest where to focus when computing ←
→ nl2bash : a corpus and semantic parser for natural language interface to the linux operating system ; we present new data and semantic parsing methods for the problem of mapping english sentences to bash commands ( nl2bash ). our long - term goal is to enable any user to perform operations such as file manipulation , search , and application - specific scripting by simply stating their goals in english . we take a first step in this domain , by providing a new dataset of challenging but commonly used bash commands a ←
→ performance evaluation of edge - directed interpolation methods for images ; many interpolation methods have been developed for high visual quality , but fail for inability to preserve image structures . edges carry heavy structural information for detection , determination and classification . edge - adaptive interpolation approaches become a center of focus . in this paper , performance of four edge - directed interpolation methods comparing with two traditional methods is evaluated on two groups of images . these met ←
→ exploiting n - best hypotheses to improve an smt approach to grammatical error correction ; grammatical error correction ( gec ) is the task of detecting and correcting grammatical errors in texts written by second language learners . the statistical machine translation ( smt ) approach to gec , in which sentences written by second language learners are translated to grammatically correct sentences , has achieved state - of - the - art accuracy . however , the smt approach is unable to utilize global context . in this pape ←
→ training with exploration improves a greedy stack - lstm parser ; we adapt the greedy stack - lstm dependency parser of dyer et al . ( 2015 ) to support a training - with - exploration procedure using dynamic oracles ( goldberg and nivre , 2013 ) instead of cross - entropy minimization . this form of training , which accounts for model predictions at training time rather than assuming an error - free action history , improves parsing accuracies for both english and chinese , obtaining very strong results for both languages . we di ←
→ optimal approximation of piecewise smooth functions using deep relu neural networks ; we study the necessary and sufficient complexity of relu neural networks - in terms of depth and number of weights - required for approximating classifier functions in an $ l ^ 2 $- sense . as a model , we consider the set $\ mathcal { e }^\ beta (\ mathbb { r }^ d )$ of possibly discontinuous piecewise $ c ^\ beta $ functions $ f : [- 1 / 2 , 1 / 2 ]^ d \ to \ mathbb { r }$, where the different ' smooth regions ' of $ f $ are separated by $ c ^\ beta $ hypersurface ←
→ temporal reasoning without transitive tables ; representing and reasoning about qualitative temporal information is an essential part of many artificial intelligence tasks . lots of models have been proposed in the litterature for representing such temporal information . all derive from a point - based or an interval - based framework . one fundamental reasoning task that arises in applications of these frameworks is given by the following scheme : given possibly indefinite and incomplete knowledge of the binary re ←
→ a novel fuzzy logic based adaptive supertwisting sliding mode control algorithm for dynamic uncertain systems ; this paper presents a novel fuzzy logic based adaptive super - twisting sliding mode controller for the control of dynamic uncertain systems . the proposed controller combines the advantages of second order sliding mode control , fuzzy logic control and adaptive control . the reaching conditions , stability and robustness of the system with the proposed controller are guaranteed . in addition , the prop ←
→ deep learning for malicious flow detection ; cyber security has grown up to be a hot issue in recent years . how to identify potential malware becomes a challenging task . to tackle this challenge , we adopt deep learning approaches and perform flow detection on real data . however , real data often encounters an issue of imbalanced data distribution which will lead to a gradient dilution issue . when training a neural network , this problem will not only result in a bias toward the majority class but show the ina ←
→ fast and scalable lasso via stochastic frank - wolfe methods with a convergence guarantee ; frank - wolfe ( fw ) algorithms have been often proposed over the last few years as efficient solvers for a variety of optimization problems arising in the field of machine learning . the ability to work with cheap projection - free iterations and the incremental nature of the method make fw a very effective choice for many large - scale problems where computing a sparse model is desirable . in this paper , we present a high -←
→ computational pathology : challenges and promises for tissue analysis ; the histological assessment of human tissue has emerged as the key challenge for detection and treatment of cancer . a plethora of different data sources ranging from tissue microarray data to gene expression , proteomics or metabolomics data provide a detailed overview of the health status of a patient . medical doctors need to assess these information sources and they rely on data driven automatic analysis tools . methods for classificatio ←
→ neural models for sequence chunking ; many natural language understanding ( nlu ) tasks , such as shallow parsing ( i . e ., text chunking ) and semantic slot filling , require the assignment of representative labels to the meaningful chunks in a sentence . most of the current deep neural network ( dnn ) based methods consider these tasks as a sequence labeling problem , in which a word , rather than a chunk , is treated as the basic unit for labeling . these chunks are then inferred by the standard iob ( inside - outside - beg ←
→ towards neural machine translation with partially aligned corpora ; while neural machine translation ( nmt ) has become the new paradigm , the parameter optimization requires large - scale parallel data which is scarce in many domains and language pairs . in this paper , we address a new translation scenario in which there only exists monolingual corpora and phrase pairs . we propose a new method towards translation with partially aligned sentence pairs which are derived from the phrase pairs and monolingual corpor ←
→ incorporating both distributional and relational semantics in word representations ; we investigate the hypothesis that word representations ought to incorporate both distributional and relational semantics . to this end , we employ the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ), which flexibly optimizes a distributional objective on raw text and a relational objective on wordnet . preliminary results on knowledge base completion , analogy tests , and parsing show that word representations trained on b ←
→ low - rank hidden state embeddings for viterbi sequence labeling ; in textual information extraction and other sequence labeling tasks it is now common to use recurrent neural networks ( such as lstm ) to form rich embedded representations of long - term input co - occurrence patterns . representation of output co - occurrence patterns is typically limited to a hand - designed graphical model , such as a linear - chain crf representing short - term markov dependencies among successive labels . this paper presents a method tha ←
→ memcomputing np - complete problems in polynomial time using polynomial resources and collective states ; memcomputing is a novel non - turing paradigm of computation that uses interacting memory cells ( memprocessors for short ) to store and process information on the same physical platform . it was recently proved mathematically that memcomputing machines have the same computational power of non - deterministic turing machines . therefore , they can solve np - complete problems in polynomial time and , using the appr ←
→ densebox : unifying landmark localization with end to end object detection ; how can a single fully convolutional neural network ( fcn ) perform on object detection ? we introduce densebox , a unified end - to - end fcn framework that directly predicts bounding boxes and object class confidences through all locations and scales of an image . our contribution is two - fold . first , we show that a single fcn , if designed and optimized carefully , can detect multiple different objects extremely accurately and efficiently .←
→ compositional structure learning for action understanding ; the focus of the action understanding literature has predominately been classification , how - ever , there are many applications demanding richer action understanding such as mobile robotics and video search , with solutions to classification , localization and detection . in this paper , we propose a compositional model that leverages a new mid - level representation called compositional trajectories and a locally articulated spatiotemporal deformable par ←
→ re - evaluating the need for modelling term - dependence in text classification problems ; a substantial amount of research has been carried out in developing machine learning algorithms that account for term dependence in text classification . these algorithms offer acceptable performance in most cases but they are associated with a substantial cost . they require significantly greater resources to operate . this paper argues against the justification of the higher costs of these algorithms , based on their perf ←
→ prediction of peptide bonding affinity : kernel methods for nonlinear modeling ; this paper presents regression models obtained from a process of blind prediction of peptide binding affinity from provided descriptors for several distinct datasets as part of the 2006 comparative evaluation of prediction algorithms ( coepra ) contest . this paper finds that kernel partial least squares , a nonlinear partial least squares ( pls ) algorithm , outperforms pls , and that the incorporation of transferable atom equivalent ←
→ boosting optical character recognition : a super - resolution approach ; text image super - resolution is a challenging yet open research problem in the computer vision community . in particular , low - resolution images hamper the performance of typical optical character recognition ( ocr ) systems . in this article , we summarize our entry to the icdar2015 competition on text image super - resolution . experiments are based on the provided icdar2015 textsr dataset and the released tesseract - ocr 3 . 02 system . we report tha ←
→ community detection with spiking neural networks for neuromorphic hardware ; we present results related to the performance of an algorithm for community detection which incorporates event - driven computation . we define a mapping which takes a graph g to a system of spiking neurons . using a fully connected spiking neuron system , with both inhibitory and excitatory synaptic connections , the firing patterns of neurons within the same community can be distinguished from firing patterns of neurons in different ←
→ vision system and depth processing for drc - hubo + ; this paper presents a vision system and a depth processing algorithm for drc - hubo +, the winner of the drc finals 2015 . our system is designed to reliably capture 3d information of a scene and objects robust to challenging environment conditions . we also propose a depth - map upsampling method that produces an outliers - free depth map by explicitly handling depth outliers . our system is suitable for an interactive robot with real - world that requires accurate ob ←
→ gradual classical logic for attributed objects ; there is knowledge . there is belief . and there is tacit agreement .' ' we may talk about objects . we may talk about attributes of the objects . or we may talk both about objects and their attributes .' this work inspects tacit agreements on assumptions about the relation between objects and their attributes , and studies a way of expressing them , presenting as the result what we term gradual logic in which the sense of truth gradually shifts . it extends classical ←
→ types and forgetfulness in categorical linguistics and quantum mechanics ; the role of types in categorical models of meaning is investigated . a general scheme for how typed models of meaning may be used to compare sentences , regardless of their grammatical structure is described , and a toy example is used as an illustration . taking as a starting point the question of whether the evaluation of such a type system ' loses information ', we consider the parametrized typing associated with connectives from this v ←
→ dichromatic gray pixel for camera - agnostic color constancy ; we propose a novel statistical color constancy method , especially suitable for the camera - agnostic color constancy , i . e . the scenario where nothing is known a priori about the capturing devices . the method , called dichromatic gray pixel , or dgp , relies on a novel gray pixel detection algorithm derived using the dichromatic reflection model . dgp is suitable for camera - agnostic color constancy since varying devices are set to make achromatic pixels ←
→ teaching a machine to read maps with deep reinforcement learning ; the ability to use a 2d map to navigate a complex 3d environment is quite remarkable , and even difficult for many humans . localization and navigation is also an important problem in domains such as robotics , and has recently become a focus of the deep reinforcement learning community . in this paper we teach a reinforcement learning agent to read a map in order to find the shortest way out of a random maze it has never seen before . our system ←
→ heuristic ternary error - correcting output codes via weight optimization and layered clustering - based approach ; one important classifier ensemble for multiclass classification problems is error - correcting output codes ( ecocs ). it bridges multiclass problems and binary - class classifiers by decomposing multiclass problems to a serial binary - class problems . in this paper , we present a heuristic ternary code , named weight optimization and layered clustering - based ecoc ( wolc - ecoc ). it starts with an arbitrary ←
→ pixel - level domain transfer ; we present an image - conditional image generation model . the model transfers an input domain to a target domain in semantic level , and generates the target image in pixel level . to generate realistic target images , we employ the real / fake - discriminator as in generative adversarial nets , but also introduce a novel domain - discriminator to make the generated image relevant to the input image . we verify our model through a challenging task of generating a piece of clothing from an i ←
→ visualizing residual networks ; residual networks are the current state of the art on imagenet . similar work in the direction of utilizing shortcut connections has been done extremely recently with derivatives of residual networks and with highway networks . this work potentially challenges our understanding that cnns learn layers of local features that are followed by increasingly global features . through qualitative visualization and empirical analysis , we explore the purpose that residual skip connections ←
→ fuzzy - based propagation of prior knowledge to improve large - scale image analysis pipelines ; many automatically analyzable scientific questions are well - posed and offer a variety of information about the expected outcome a priori . although often being neglected , this prior knowledge can be systematically exploited to make automated analysis operations sensitive to a desired phenomenon or to evaluate extracted content with respect to this prior knowledge . for instance , the performance of processing operato ←
→ an average analysis of backtracking on random constraint satisfaction problems ; in this paper we propose a random csp model , called model gb , which is a natural generalization of standard model b . it is proved that model gb in which each constraint is easy to satisfy exhibits non - trivial behaviour ( not trivially satisfiable or unsatisfiable ) as the number of variables approaches infinity . a detailed analysis to obtain an asymptotic estimate ( good to 1 + o ( 1 )) of the average number of nodes in a search tree ←
→ aicyber ' s system for nlpcc 2017 shared task 2 : voting of baselines ; this paper presents aicyber ' s system for nlpcc 2017 shared task 2 . it is formed by a voting of three deep learning based system trained on character - enhanced word vectors and a well known bag - of - word model .←
→ kernel density estimation for dynamical systems ; we study the density estimation problem with observations generated by certain dynamical systems that admit a unique underlying invariant lebesgue density . observations drawn from dynamical systems are not independent and moreover , usual mixing concepts may not be appropriate for measuring the dependence among these observations . by employing the $\ mathcal { c }$- mixing concept to measure the dependence , we conduct statistical analysis on the consistency and co ←
→ noise robust ioa / cas speech separation and recognition system for the third ' chime ' challenge ; this paper presents the contribution to the third ' chime ' speech separation and recognition challenge including both front - end signal processing and back - end speech recognition . in the front - end , multi - channel wiener filter ( mwf ) is designed to achieve background noise reduction . different from traditional mwf , optimized parameter for the tradeoff between noise reduction and target signal distortion is built ac ←
→ assessing and tuning brain decoders : cross - validation , caveats , and guidelines ; decoding , ie prediction from brain images or signals , calls for empirical evaluation of its predictive power . such evaluation is achieved via cross - validation , a method also used to tune decoders ' hyper - parameters . this paper is a review on cross - validation procedures for decoding in neuroimaging . it includes a didactic overview of the relevant theoretical considerations . practical aspects are highlighted with an extensive em ←
→ knowledge representation analysis of graph mining ; many problems , especially those with a composite structure , can naturally be expressed in higher order logic . from a kr perspective modeling these problems in an intuitive way is a challenging task . in this paper we study the graph mining problem as an example of a higher order problem . in short , this problem asks us to find a graph that frequently occurs as a subgraph among a set of example graphs . we start from the problem ' s mathematical definition to so ←
→ ordinal boltzmann machines for collaborative filtering ; collaborative filtering is an effective recommendation technique wherein the preference of an individual can potentially be predicted based on preferences of other members . early algorithms often relied on the strong locality in the preference data , that is , it is enough to predict preference of a user on a particular item based on a small subset of other users with similar tastes or of other items with similar properties . more recently , dimensionalit ←
→ training deep autoencoders for collaborative filtering ; this paper proposes a novel model for the rating prediction task in recommender systems which significantly outperforms previous state - of - the art models on a time - split netflix data set . our model is based on deep autoencoder with 6 layers and is trained end - to - end without any layer - wise pre - training . we empirically demonstrate that : a ) deep autoencoder models generalize much better than the shallow ones , b ) non - linear activation functions with negati ←
→ finding academic experts on a multisensor approach using shannon ' s entropy ; expert finding is an information retrieval task concerned with the search for the most knowledgeable people , in some topic , with basis on documents describing peoples activities . the task involves taking a user query as input and returning a list of people sorted by their level of expertise regarding the user query . this paper introduces a novel approach for combining multiple estimators of expertise based on a multisensor data f ←
→ context - aware generative adversarial privacy ; preserving the utility of published datasets while simultaneously providing provable privacy guarantees is a well - known challenge . on the one hand , context - free privacy solutions , such as differential privacy , provide strong privacy guarantees , but often lead to a significant reduction in utility . on the other hand , context - aware privacy solutions , such as information theoretic privacy , achieve an improved privacy - utility tradeoff , but assume that the data hold ←
→ estimation and clustering with infinite rankings ; this paper presents a natural extension of stagewise ranking to the the case of infinitely many items . we introduce the infinite generalized mallows model ( igm ), describe its properties and give procedures to estimate it from data . for estimation of multimodal distributions we introduce the exponential - blurring - mean - shift nonparametric clustering algorithm . the experiments highlight the properties of the new model and demonstrate that infinite models can be ←
→ computational approach to anaphora resolution in spanish dialogues ; this paper presents an algorithm for identifying noun - phrase antecedents of pronouns and adjectival anaphors in spanish dialogues . we believe that anaphora resolution requires numerous sources of information in order to find the correct antecedent of the anaphor . these sources can be of different kinds , e . g ., linguistic information , discourse / dialogue structure information , or topic information . for this reason , our algorithm uses various ←
→ rotate your networks : better weight consolidation and less catastrophic forgetting ; in this paper we propose an approach to avoiding catastrophic forgetting in sequential task learning scenarios . our technique is based on a network reparameterization that approximately diagonalizes the fisher information matrix of the network parameters . this reparameterization takes the form of a factorized rotation of parameter space which , when used in conjunction with elastic weight consolidation ( which assumes a dia ←
→ extracting biomolecular interactions using semantic parsing of biomedical text ; we advance the state of the art in biomolecular interaction extraction with three contributions : ( i ) we show that deep , abstract meaning representations ( amr ) significantly improve the accuracy of a biomolecular interaction extraction system when compared to a baseline that relies solely on surface - and syntax - based features ; ( ii ) in contrast with previous approaches that infer relations on a sentence - by - sentence basis , we ex ←
→ stochastic inference with deterministic spiking neurons ; the seemingly stochastic transient dynamics of neocortical circuits observed in vivo have been hypothesized to represent a signature of ongoing stochastic inference . in vitro neurons , on the other hand , exhibit a highly deterministic response to various types of stimulation . we show that an ensemble of deterministic leaky integrate - and - fire neurons embedded in a spiking noisy environment can attain the correct firing statistics in order to sample fro ←
→ selective video object cutout ; conventional video segmentation approaches rely heavily on appearance models . such methods often use appearance descriptors that have limited discriminative power under complex scenarios . to improve the segmentation performance , this paper presents a pyramid histogram based confidence map that incorporates structure information into appearance statistics . it also combines geodesic distance based dynamic models . then , it employs an efficient measure of uncertainty propagation ←
→ visualising interactive inferences with idpd3 ; a large part of the use of knowledge base systems is the interpretation of the output by the end - users and the interaction with these users . even during the development process visualisations can be a great help to the developer . we created idpd3 as a library to visualise models of logic theories . idpd3 is a new version of $ id ^{ p } _ { draw }$ and adds support for visualised interactive simulations .←
→ rational kernels for arabic stemming and text classification ; in this paper , we address the problems of arabic text classification and stemming using transducers and rational kernels . we introduce a new stemming technique based on the use of arabic patterns ( pattern based stemmer ). patterns are modelled using transducers and stemming is done without depending on any dictionary . using transducers for stemming , documents are transformed into finite state transducers . this document representation allows us to ←
→ neural machine translation with gumbel - greedy decoding ; previous neural machine translation models used some heuristic search algorithms ( e . g ., beam search ) in order to avoid solving the maximum a posteriori problem over translation sentences at test time . in this paper , we propose the gumbel - greedy decoding which trains a generative network to predict translation under a trained model . we solve such a problem using the gumbel - softmax reparameterization , which makes our generative network differentiable an ←
→ efficient deformable shape correspondence via kernel matching ; we present a method to match three dimensional shapes under non - isometric deformations , topology changes and partiality . we formulate the problem as matching between a set of pair - wise and point - wise descriptors , imposing a continuity prior on the mapping , and propose a projected descent optimization procedure inspired by difference of convex functions ( dc ) programming . surprisingly , in spite of the highly non - convex nature of the resulting qua ←
→ ghclnet : a generalized hierarchically tuned contact lens detection network ; iris serves as one of the best biometric modality owing to its complex , unique and stable structure . however , it can still be spoofed using fabricated eyeballs and contact lens . accurate identification of contact lens is must for reliable performance of any biometric authentication system based on this modality . in this paper , we present a novel approach for detecting contact lens using a generalized hierarchically tuned contact ←
→ deepwriterid : an end - to - end online text - independent writer identification system ; owing to the rapid growth of touchscreen mobile terminals and pen - based interfaces , handwriting - based writer identification systems are attracting increasing attention for personal authentication , digital forensics , and other applications . however , most studies on writer identification have not been satisfying because of the insufficiency of data and difficulty of designing good features under various conditions of handwrit ←
→ embarrassingly parallel inference for gaussian processes ; training gaussian process - based models typically involves an $ o ( n ^ 3 )$ computational bottleneck . popular methods for overcoming this matrix inversion problem cannot adequately model all types of latent functions , and are often not parallelizable . we present an embarrassingly parallel method that takes advantage of inverting block diagonal approximations , while maintaining much of the expressivity of a full covariance matrix . by using importance samp ←
→ generic 3d representation via pose estimation and matching ; though a large body of computer vision research has investigated developing generic semantic representations , efforts towards developing a similar representation for 3d has been limited . in this paper , we learn a generic 3d representation through solving a set of foundational proxy 3d tasks : object - centric camera pose estimation and wide baseline feature matching . our method is based upon the premise that by providing supervision over a set of car ←
→ hyper - fisher vectors for action recognition ; in this paper , a novel encoding scheme combining fisher vector and bag - of - words encodings has been proposed for recognizing action in videos . the proposed hyper - fisher vector encoding is sum of local fisher vectors which are computed based on the traditional bag - of - words ( bow ) encoding . thus , the proposed encoding is simple and yet an effective representation over the traditional fisher vector encoding . by extensive evaluation on challenging action recognition d ←
→ kernel spectral curvature clustering ( kscc ) ; multi - manifold modeling is increasingly used in segmentation and data representation tasks in computer vision and related fields . while the general problem , modeling data by mixtures of manifolds , is very challenging , several approaches exist for modeling data by mixtures of affine subspaces ( which is often referred to as hybrid linear modeling ). we translate some important instances of multi - manifold modeling to hybrid linear modeling in embedded spaces , withou ←
→ embedding - based speaker adaptive training of deep neural networks ; an embedding - based speaker adaptive training ( sat ) approach is proposed and investigated in this paper for deep neural network acoustic modeling . in this approach , speaker embedding vectors , which are a constant given a particular speaker , are mapped through a control network to layer - dependent element - wise affine transformations to canonicalize the internal feature representations at the output of hidden layers of a main network . the contr ←
→ maximum entropy and the glasses you are looking through ; we give an interpretation of the maximum entropy ( maxent ) principle in game - theoretic terms . based on this interpretation , we make a formal distinction between different ways of { em applying /} maximum entropy distributions . maxent has frequently been criticized on the grounds that it leads to highly representation dependent results . our distinction allows us to avoid this problem in many cases .←
→ a general method for robust bayesian modeling ; robust bayesian models are appealing alternatives to standard models , providing protection from data that contains outliers or other departures from the model assumptions . historically , robust models were mostly developed on a case - by - case basis ; examples include robust linear regression , robust mixture models , and bursty topic models . in this paper we develop a general approach to robust bayesian modeling . we show how to turn an existing bayesian model into a ←
→ lower bounds on active learning for graphical model selection ; we consider the problem of estimating the underlying graph associated with a markov random field , with the added twist that the decoding algorithm can iteratively choose which subsets of nodes to sample based on the previous samples , resulting in an active learning setting . considering both ising and gaussian models , we provide algorithm - independent lower bounds for high - probability recovery within the class of degree - bounded graphs . our main r ←
→ multi - region probabilistic dice similarity coefficient using the aitchison distance and bipartite graph matching ; validation of image segmentation methods is of critical importance . probabilistic image segmentation is increasingly popular as it captures uncertainty in the results . image segmentation methods that support multi - region ( as opposed to binary ) delineation are more favourable as they capture interactions between the different objects in the image . the dice similarity coefficient ( dsc ) has been ←
→ fast feature reduction in intrusion detection datasets ; in the most intrusion detection systems ( ids ), a system tries to learn characteristics of different type of attacks by analyzing packets that sent or received in network . these packets have a lot of features . but not all of them is required to be analyzed to detect that specific type of attack . detection speed and computational cost is another vital matter here , because in these types of problems , datasets are very huge regularly . in this paper we tri ←
→ addendum to : summary information for reasoning about hierarchical plans ; hierarchically structured agent plans are important for efficient planning and acting , and they also serve ( among other things ) to produce " richer " classical plans , composed not just of a sequence of primitive actions , but also " abstract " ones representing the supplied hierarchies . a crucial step for this and other approaches is deriving precondition and effect " summaries " from a given plan hierarchy . this paper provides mechanisms to ←
→ bipartite ranking algorithm for classification and survival analysis ; unsupervised aggregation of independently built univariate predictors is explored as an alternative regularization approach for noisy , sparse datasets . bipartite ranking algorithm smooth rank implementing this approach is introduced . the advantages of this algorithm are demonstrated on two types of problems . first , smooth rank is applied to two - class problems from bio - medical field , where ranking is often preferable to classification . in ←
→ dilated recurrent neural networks ; learning with recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) on long sequences is a notoriously difficult task . there are three major challenges : 1 ) complex dependencies , 2 ) vanishing and exploding gradients , and 3 ) efficient parallelization . in this paper , we introduce a simple yet effective rnn connection structure , the dilatedrnn , which simultaneously tackles all of these challenges . the proposed architecture is characterized by multi - resolution dilated recurrent skip connections an ←
→ multiscale hybrid non - local means filtering using modified similarity measure ; a new multiscale implementation of non - local means filtering for image denoising is proposed . the proposed algorithm also introduces a modification of similarity measure for patch comparison . the standard euclidean norm is replaced by weighted euclidean norm for patch based comparison . assuming the patch as an oriented surface , notion of normal vector patch is being associated with each patch . the inner product of these normal ←
→ illumination - invariant face recognition from a single image across extreme pose using a dual dimension aam ensemble in the thermal infrared spectrum ; over the course of the last decade , infrared ( ir ) and particularly thermal ir imaging based face recognition has emerged as a promising complement to conventional , visible spectrum based approaches which continue to struggle when applied in practice . while inherently insensitive to visible spectrum illumination changes , ir data introduces specific challen ←
→ multilingual part - of - speech tagging with bidirectional long short - term memory models and auxiliary loss ; bidirectional long short - term memory ( bi - lstm ) networks have recently proven successful for various nlp sequence modeling tasks , but little is known about their reliance to input representations , target languages , data set size , and label noise . we address these issues and evaluate bi - lstms with word , character , and unicode byte embeddings for pos tagging . we compare bi - lstms to traditional pos tagger ←
→ temporal multinomial mixture for instance - oriented evolutionary clustering ; evolutionary clustering aims at capturing the temporal evolution of clusters . this issue is particularly important in the context of social media data that are naturally temporally driven . in this paper , we propose a new probabilistic model - based evolutionary clustering technique . the temporal multinomial mixture ( tmm ) is an extension of classical mixture model that optimizes feature co - occurrences in the trade - off with temporal ←
→ on the consistency of the likelihood maximization vertex nomination scheme : bridging the gap between maximum likelihood estimation and graph matching ; given a graph in which a few vertices are deemed interesting a priori , the vertex nomination task is to order the remaining vertices into a nomination list such that there is a concentration of interesting vertices at the top of the list . previous work has yielded several approaches to this problem , with theoretical results in the setting where the graph ←
→ conditional chromatic filtering with spatial enhancement for restoring pansharpened images ; pansharpening techniques aim at fusing the structural detail of the panchromatic and the color accuracy of the low - resolution spectral bands provided by earth observation satellites to produce a high - resolution multispectral image . a large number of methods have been proposed in the literature , most of which were developed based on certain assumptions about the acquisition system . if any of these assumptions are n ←
→ heinrich behmann ' s contributions to second - order quantifier elimination from the view of computational logic ; for relational monadic formulas ( the l \" owenheim class ) second - order quantifier elimination , which is closely related to computation of uniform interpolants , projection and forgetting - operations that currently receive much attention in knowledge processing - always succeeds . the decidability proof for this class by heinrich behmann from 1922 explicitly proceeds by elimination with equivalence p ←
→ decision under uncertainty ; we derive axiomatically the probability function that should be used to make decisions given any form of underlying uncertainty .←
→ incremental loop closure verification by guided sampling ; loop closure detection , the task of identifying locations revisited by a robot in a sequence of odometry and perceptual observations , is typically formulated as a combination of two subtasks : ( 1 ) bag - of - words image retrieval and ( 2 ) post - verification using ransac geometric verification . the main contribution of this study is the proposal of a novel post - verification framework that achieves good precision recall trade - off in loop closure detection . t ←
→ inar : inverse augmented reality ; augmented reality is the art to seamlessly fuse virtual objects into real ones . in this short note , we address the opposite problem , the inverse augmented reality , that is , given a perfectly augmented reality scene where human is unable to distinguish real objects from virtual ones , how the machine could help do the job . we show by structure from motion ( sfm ), a simple 3d reconstruction technique from images in computer vision , the real and virtual objects can be easily sepa ←
→ structure based extended resolution for constraint programming ; nogood learning is a powerful approach to reducing search in constraint programming ( cp ) solvers . the current state of the art , called lazy clause generation ( lcg ), uses resolution to derive nogoods expressing the reasons for each search failure . such nogoods can prune other parts of the search tree , producing exponential speedups on a wide variety of problems . nogood learning solvers can be seen as resolution proof systems . the stronger the p ←
→ multiple operator - valued kernel learning ; positive definite operator - valued kernels generalize the well - known notion of reproducing kernels , and are naturally adapted to multi - output learning situations . this paper addresses the problem of learning a finite linear combination of infinite - dimensional operator - valued kernels which are suitable for extending functional data analysis methods to nonlinear contexts . we study this problem in the case of kernel ridge regression for functional responses with an lr -←
→ semantic context forests for learning - based knee cartilage segmentation in 3d mr images ; the automatic segmentation of human knee cartilage from 3d mr images is a useful yet challenging task due to the thin sheet structure of the cartilage with diffuse boundaries and inhomogeneous intensities . in this paper , we present an iterative multi - class learning method to segment the femoral , tibial and patellar cartilage simultaneously , which effectively exploits the spatial contextual constraints between bone an ←
→ an overview of multi - task learning in deep neural networks ; multi - task learning ( mtl ) has led to successes in many applications of machine learning , from natural language processing and speech recognition to computer vision and drug discovery . this article aims to give a general overview of mtl , particularly in deep neural networks . it introduces the two most common methods for mtl in deep learning , gives an overview of the literature , and discusses recent advances . in particular , it seeks to help ml pract ←
→ design and development of an expert system to help head of university departments ; one of the basic tasks which is responded for head of each university department , is employing lecturers based on some default factors such as experience , evidences , qualifies and etc . in this respect , to help the heads , some automatic systems have been proposed until now using machine learning methods , decision support systems ( dss ) and etc . according to advantages and disadvantages of the previous methods , a full automat ←
→ language structure in the n - object naming game ; we examine a naming game with two agents trying to establish a common vocabulary for n objects . such efforts lead to the emergence of language that allows for an efficient communication and exhibits some degree of homonymy and synonymy . although homonymy reduces the communication efficiency , it seems to be a dynamical trap that persists for a long , and perhaps indefinite , time . on the other hand , synonymy does not reduce the efficiency of communication , but a ←
→ keyword extraction for identifying social actors ; identifying the social actor has become one of tasks in artificial intelligence , whereby extracting keyword from web snippets depend on the use of web is steadily gaining ground in this research . we develop therefore an approach based on overlap principle for utilizing a collection of features in web snippets , where use of keyword will eliminate the un - relevant web pages .←
→ can twitter predict royal baby ' s name ? ; in this paper , we analyze the existence of possible correlation between public opinion of twitter users and the decision - making of persons who are influential in the society . we carry out this analysis on the example of the discussion of probable name of the british crown baby , born in july , 2013 . in our study , we use the methods of quantitative processing of natural language , the theory of frequent sets , the algorithms of visual displaying of users ' communities . we ←
→ learning credible models ; in many settings , it is important that a model be capable of providing reasons for its predictions ( i . e ., the model must be interpretable ). however , the model ' s reasoning may not conform with well - established knowledge . in such cases , while interpretable , the model lacks \ textit { credibility }. in this work , we formally define credibility in the linear setting and focus on techniques for learning models that are both accurate and credible . in particular , we propose a regularization ←
→ one shot joint colocalization and cosegmentation ; this paper presents a novel framework in which image cosegmentation and colocalization are cast into a single optimization problem that integrates information from low level appearance cues with that of high level localization cues in a very weakly supervised manner . in contrast to multi - task learning paradigm that learns similar tasks using a shared representation , the proposed framework leverages two representations at different levels and simultaneously ←
→ local convergence of proximal splitting methods for rank constrained problems ; we analyze the local convergence of proximal splitting algorithms to solve optimization problems that are convex besides a rank constraint . for this , we show conditions under which the proximal operator of a function involving the rank constraint is locally identical to the proximal operator of its convex envelope , hence implying local convergence . the conditions imply that the non - convex algorithms locally converge to a solut ←
→ machine translation using semantic web technologies : a survey ; a large number of machine translation approaches have been developed recently with the aim of migrating content easily across languages . however , the literature suggests that many obstacles must be dealt with to achieve better automatic translations . a central issue that machine translation systems must handle is ambiguity . a promising way of overcoming this problem is using semantic web technologies . this article presents the results of a syst ←
→ a spectral algorithm for learning hidden markov models ; hidden markov models ( hmms ) are one of the most fundamental and widely used statistical tools for modeling discrete time series . in general , learning hmms from data is computationally hard ( under cryptographic assumptions ), and practitioners typically resort to search heuristics which suffer from the usual local optima issues . we prove that under a natural separation condition ( bounds on the smallest singular value of the hmm parameters ), there is an ←
→ applying deep bidirectional lstm and mixture density network for basketball trajectory prediction ; data analytics helps basketball teams to create tactics . however , manual data collection and analytics are costly and ineffective . therefore , we applied a deep bidirectional long short - term memory ( blstm ) and mixture density network ( mdn ) approach . this model is not only capable of predicting a basketball trajectory based on real data , but it also can generate new trajectory samples . it is an excellent appl ←
→ detection and classification of viewer age range smart signs at tv broadcast ; in this paper , the identification and classification of viewer age range smart signs , designed by the radio and television supreme council of turkey , to give age range information for the tv viewers , are realized . therefore , the automatic detection at the broadcast will be possible , enabling the manufacturing of tv receivers which are sensible to these signs . the most important step at this process is the pattern recognition . s ←
→ non - myopic learning in repeated stochastic games ; in repeated stochastic games ( rsgs ), an agent must quickly adapt to the behavior of previously unknown associates , who may themselves be learning . this machine - learning problem is particularly challenging due , in part , to the presence of multiple ( even infinite ) equilibria and inherently large strategy spaces . in this paper , we introduce a method to reduce the strategy space of two - player general - sum rsgs to a handful of expert strategies . this process , cal ←
→ randomized social choice functions under metric preferences ; we determine the quality of randomized social choice mechanisms in a setting in which the agents have metric preferences : every agent has a cost for each alternative , and these costs form a metric . we assume that these costs are unknown to the mechanisms ( and possibly even to the agents themselves ), which means we cannot simply select the optimal alternative , i . e . the alternative that minimizes the total agent cost ( or median agent cost ). however ←
→ action selection properties in a software simulated agent ; this article analyses the properties of the internal behaviour network , an action selection mechanism previously proposed by the authors , with the aid of a simulation developed for such ends . a brief review of the internal behaviour network is followed by the explanation of the implementation of the simulation . then , experiments are presented and discussed analysing the properties of the action selection in the proposed model .←
→ general backpropagation algorithm for training second - order neural networks ; the artificial neural network is a popular framework in machine learning . to empower individual neurons , we recently suggested that the current type of neurons could be upgraded to 2nd order counterparts , in which the linear operation between inputs to a neuron and the associated weights is replaced with a nonlinear quadratic operation . a single 2nd order neurons already has a strong nonlinear modeling ability , such as implement ←
→ semi - automatically extracting faqs to improve accessibility of software development knowledge ; frequently asked questions ( faqs ) are a popular way to document software development knowledge . as creating such documents is expensive , this paper presents an approach for automatically extracting faqs from sources of software development discussion , such as mailing lists and internet forums , by combining techniques of text mining and natural language processing . we apply the approach to popular mailing lists ←
→ revisiting distributed synchronous sgd ; distributed training of deep learning models on large - scale training data is typically conducted with asynchronous stochastic optimization to maximize the rate of updates , at the cost of additional noise introduced from asynchrony . in contrast , the synchronous approach is often thought to be impractical due to idle time wasted on waiting for straggling workers . we revisit these conventional beliefs in this paper , and examine the weaknesses of both approaches . we demo ←
→ progressive growing of gans for improved quality , stability , and variation ; we describe a new training methodology for generative adversarial networks . the key idea is to grow both the generator and discriminator progressively : starting from a low resolution , we add new layers that model increasingly fine details as training progresses . this both speeds the training up and greatly stabilizes it , allowing us to produce images of unprecedented quality , e . g ., celeba images at 1024 ^ 2 . we also propose a simpl ←
→ decision principles to justify carnap ' s updating method and to suggest corrections of probability judgments ( invited talks ) ; this paper uses decision - theoretic principles to obtain new insights into the assessment and updating of probabilities . first , a new foundation of bayesianism is given . it does not require infinite atomless uncertainties as did savage s classical result , and can therefore be applied to any finite bayesian network . it neither requires linear utility as did de finetti s classical resu ←
→ a saak transform approach to efficient , scalable and robust handwritten digits recognition ; an efficient , scalable and robust approach to the handwritten digits recognition problem based on the saak transform is proposed in this work . first , multi - stage saak transforms are used to extract a family of joint spatial - spectral representations of input images . then , the saak coefficients are used as features and fed into the svm classifier for the classification task . in order to control the size of saak coef ←
→ scuba search : when selection meets innovation ; we proposed a new search heuristic using the scuba diving metaphor . this approach is based on the concept of evolvability and tends to exploit neutrality in fitness landscape . despite the fact that natural evolution does not directly select for evolvability , the basic idea behind the scuba search heuristic is to explicitly push the evolvability to increase . the search process switches between two phases : conquest - of - the - waters and invasion - of - the - land . a comp ←
→ towards a general - purpose belief maintenance system ; there currently exists a gap between the theories proposed by the probability and uncertainty and the needs of artificial intelligence research . these theories primarily address the needs of expert systems , using knowledge structures which must be pre - compiled and remain static in structure during runtime . many al systems require the ability to dynamically add and remove parts of the current knowledge structure ( e . g ., in order to examine what the world w ←
→ end - to - end deep hdr imaging with large foreground motions ; this paper proposes the first end - to - end deep framework for high dynamic range ( hdr ) imaging of dynamic scenes with large - scale foreground motions . in state - of - the - art deep hdr imaging such as [ 13 ], the problem is formulated as an image composition problem , by first aligning input images using optical flows which are still error - prone due to occlusion and large motions . in our end - to - end approach , hdr imaging is formulated as an image translation p ←
→ deep speech : scaling up end - to - end speech recognition ; we present a state - of - the - art speech recognition system developed using end - to - end deep learning . our architecture is significantly simpler than traditional speech systems , which rely on laboriously engineered processing pipelines ; these traditional systems also tend to perform poorly when used in noisy environments . in contrast , our system does not need hand - designed components to model background noise , reverberation , or speaker variation , but instea ←
→ a new type of judgement theorems for attribute characters in information system ; the research of attribute characters in information system which contains core , necessary , unnecessary is a basic and important issue in attribute reduct . many methods for the judgement of attribute characters are based on the relationship between the objects and attributes . in this paper , a new type of judgement theorems which are absolutely based on the relationship among attributes is proposed for the judgement of attribu ←
→ finding coordinated paths for multiple holonomic agents in 2 - d polygonal environment ; avoiding collisions is one of the vital tasks for systems of autonomous mobile agents . we focus on the problem of finding continuous coordinated paths for multiple mobile disc agents in a 2 - d environment with polygonal obstacles . the problem is pspace - hard , with the state space growing exponentially in the number of agents . therefore , the state of the art methods include mainly reactive techniques and sampling - based ite ←
→ is image super - resolution helpful for other vision tasks ? ; despite the great advances made in the field of image super - resolution ( isr ) during the last years , the performance has merely been evaluated perceptually . thus , it is still unclear whether isr is helpful for other vision tasks . in this paper , we present the first comprehensive study and analysis of the usefulness of isr for other vision applications . in particular , six isr methods are evaluated on four popular vision tasks , namely edge detection , ←
→ ensemble methods as a defense to adversarial perturbations against deep neural networks ; deep learning has become the state of the art approach in many machine learning problems such as classification . it has recently been shown that deep learning is highly vulnerable to adversarial perturbations . taking the camera systems of self - driving cars as an example , small adversarial perturbations can cause the system to make errors in important tasks , such as classifying traffic signs or detecting pedestrians . ←
→ on the evolution of the instance level of dl - lite knowledge bases ; recent papers address the issue of updating the instance level of knowledge bases expressed in description logic following a model - based approach . one of the outcomes of these papers is that the result of updating a knowledge base k is generally not expressible in the description logic used to express k . in this paper we introduce a formula - based approach to this problem , by revisiting some research work on formula - based updates developed i ←
→ reinforcement mechanism design for e - commerce ; we study the problem of allocating impressions to sellers in e - commerce websites , such as amazon , ebay or taobao , aiming to maximize the total revenue generated by the platform . we employ a general framework of reinforcement mechanism design , which uses deep reinforcement learning to design efficient algorithms , taking the strategic behaviour of the sellers into account . specifically , we model the impression allocation problem as a markov decision process , whe ←
→ zero - shot learning - a comprehensive evaluation of the good , the bad and the ugly ; due to the importance of zero - shot learning , i . e . classifying images where there is a lack of labeled training data , the number of proposed approaches has recently increased steadily . we argue that it is time to take a step back and to analyze the status quo of the area . the purpose of this paper is three - fold . first , given the fact that there is no agreed upon zero - shot learning benchmark , we first define a new benchmark ←
→ a divide and conquer method for symbolic regression ; symbolic regression aims to find a function that best explains the relationship between independent variables and the objective value based on a given set of sample data . genetic programming ( gp ) is usually considered as an appropriate method for the problem since it can optimize functional structure and coefficients simultaneously . however , the convergence speed of gp might be too slow for large scale problems that involve a large number of variables . f ←
→ deepsaliency : multi - task deep neural network model for salient object detection ; a key problem in salient object detection is how to effectively model the semantic properties of salient objects in a data - driven manner . in this paper , we propose a multi - task deep saliency model based on a fully convolutional neural network ( fcnn ) with global input ( whole raw images ) and global output ( whole saliency maps ). in principle , the proposed saliency model takes a data - driven strategy for encoding the underlying s ←
→ low - rank matrix recovery from row - and - column affine measurements ; we propose and study a row - and - column affine measurement scheme for low - rank matrix recovery . each measurement is a linear combination of elements in one row or one column of a matrix $ x $. this setting arises naturally in applications from different domains . however , current algorithms developed for standard matrix recovery problems do not perform well in our case , hence the need for developing new algorithms and theory for our problem . we p ←
→ ear identification by fusion of segmented slice regions using invariant features : an experimental manifold with dual fusion approach ; this paper proposes a robust ear identification system which is developed by fusing sift features of color segmented slice regions of an ear . the proposed ear identification method makes use of gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) to build ear model with mixture of gaussian using vector quantization algorithm and k - l divergence is applied to the gmm framework for recording the col ←
→ an effective training method for deep convolutional neural network ; in this paper , we propose the nonlinearity generation method to speed up and stabilize the training of deep convolutional neural networks . the proposed method modifies a family of activation functions as nonlinearity generators ( ngs ). ngs make the activation functions linear symmetric for their inputs to lower model capacity , and automatically introduce nonlinearity to enhance the capacity of the model during training . the proposed method ←
→ a family of computationally efficient and simple estimators for unnormalized statistical models ; we introduce a new family of estimators for unnormalized statistical models . our family of estimators is parameterized by two nonlinear functions and uses a single sample from an auxiliary distribution , generalizing maximum likelihood monte carlo estimation of geyer and thompson ( 1992 ). the family is such that we can estimate the partition function like any other parameter in the model . the estimation is done ←
→ stacked conditional generative adversarial networks for jointly learning shadow detection and shadow removal ; understanding shadows from a single image spontaneously derives into two types of task in previous studies , containing shadow detection and shadow removal . in this paper , we present a multi - task perspective , which is not embraced by any existing work , to jointly learn both detection and removal in an end - to - end fashion that aims at enjoying the mutually improved benefits from each other . our fram ←
→ distributed vector representation of shopping items , the customer and shopping cart to build a three fold recommendation system ; the main idea of this paper is to represent shopping items through vectors because these vectors act as the base for building em - beddings for customers and shopping carts . also , these vectors are input to the mathematical models that act as either a recommendation engine or help in targeting potential customers . we have used exponential family embeddings as the tool to constru ←
→ attentive generative adversarial network for raindrop removal from a single image ; raindrops adhered to a glass window or camera lens can severely hamper the visibility of a background scene , and degrade an image considerably . in this paper , we address the problem by visually removing raindrops , and thus transforming a raindrop degraded image into a clean image . the problem is intractable , since first which regions are occluded by raindrops are not given . second , the information about the background scen ←
→ efficiently discovering hammock paths from induced similarity networks ; similarity networks are important abstractions in many information management applications such as recommender systems , corpora analysis , and medical informatics . for instance , by inducing similarity networks between movies rated similarly by users , or between documents containing common terms , and or between clinical trials involving the same themes , we can aim to find the global structure of connectivities underlying the data , and us ←
→ probabilistic curve learning : coulomb repulsion and the electrostatic gaussian process ; learning of low dimensional structure in multidimensional data is a canonical problem in machine learning . one common approach is to suppose that the observed data are close to a lower - dimensional smooth manifold . there are a rich variety of manifold learning methods available , which allow mapping of data points to the manifold . however , there is a clear lack of probabilistic methods that allow learning of the manifol ←
→ induction of decision trees based on generalized graph queries ; usually , decision tree induction algorithms are limited to work with non relational data . given a record , they do not take into account other objects attributes even though they can provide valuable information for the learning task . in this paper we present ggq - id3 , a multi - relational decision tree learning algorithm that uses generalized graph queries ( ggq ) as predicates in the decision nodes . ggqs allow to express complex patterns ( includin ←
→ on approximate inference for generalized gaussian process models ; a generalized gaussian process model ( ggpm ) is a unifying framework that encompasses many existing gaussian process ( gp ) models , such as gp regression , classification , and counting . in the ggpm framework , the observation likelihood of the gp model is itself parameterized using the exponential family distribution ( efd ). in this paper , we consider efficient algorithms for approximate inference on ggpms using the general form of the efd . a part ←
→ a divergence bound for hybrids of mcmc and variational inference and an application to langevin dynamics and sgvi ; two popular classes of methods for approximate inference are markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) and variational inference . mcmc tends to be accurate if run for a long enough time , while variational inference tends to give better approximations at shorter time horizons . however , the amount of time needed for mcmc to exceed the performance of variational methods can be quite high , motivating more ←
→ bounds on the bethe free energy for gaussian networks ; we address the problem of computing approximate marginals in gaussian probabilistic models by using mean field and fractional bethe approximations . as an extension of welling and teh ( 2001 ), we define the gaussian fractional bethe free energy in terms of the moment parameters of the approximate marginals and derive an upper and lower bound for it . we give necessary conditions for the gaussian fractional bethe free energies to be bounded from below . it ←
→ black - box complexity : breaking the $ o ( n \ log n )$ barrier of leadingones ; we show that the unrestricted black - box complexity of the $ n $- dimensional xor - and permutation - invariant leadingones function class is $ o ( n \ log ( n ) / \ log \ log n )$. this shows that the recent natural looking $ o ( n \ log n )$ bound is not tight . the black - box optimization algorithm leading to this bound can be implemented in a way that only 3 - ary unbiased variation operators are used . hence our bound is also valid for the unbiased black ←
→ interpretability in linear brain decoding ; improving the interpretability of brain decoding approaches is of primary interest in many neuroimaging studies . despite extensive studies of this type , at present , there is no formal definition for interpretability of brain decoding models . as a consequence , there is no quantitative measure for evaluating the interpretability of different brain decoding methods . in this paper , we present a simple definition for interpretability of linear brain decoding models . th ←
→ saga : a fast incremental gradient method with support for non - strongly convex composite objectives ; in this work we introduce a new optimisation method called saga in the spirit of sag , sdca , miso and svrg , a set of recently proposed incremental gradient algorithms with fast linear convergence rates . saga improves on the theory behind sag and svrg , with better theoretical convergence rates , and has support for composite objectives where a proximal operator is used on the regulariser . unlike sdca , saga su ←
→ an architectural approach to ensuring consistency in hierarchical execution ; hierarchical task decomposition is a method used in many agent systems to organize agent knowledge . this work shows how the combination of a hierarchy and persistent assertions of knowledge can lead to difficulty in maintaining logical consistency in asserted knowledge . we explore the problematic consequences of persistent assumptions in the reasoning process and introduce novel potential solutions . having implemented one of the ←
→ dvqa : understanding data visualizations via question answering ; bar charts are an effective way for humans to convey information to each other , but today ' s algorithms cannot parse them . existing methods fail when faced with minor variations in appearance . here , we present dvqa , a dataset that tests many aspects of bar chart understanding in a question answering framework . unlike visual question answering ( vqa ), dvqa requires processing words and answers that are unique to a particular bar chart . state - of - t ←
→ towards an efficient prover for the c1 paraconsistent logic ; the ke inference system is a tableau method developed by marco mondadori which was presented as an improvement , in the computational efficiency sense , over analytic tableaux . in the literature , there is no description of a theorem prover based on the ke method for the c1 paraconsistent logic . paraconsistent logics have several applications , such as in robot control and medicine . these applications could benefit from the existence of such a prover ←
→ provable learning of noisy - or networks ; many machine learning applications use latent variable models to explain structure in data , whereby visible variables (= coordinates of the given datapoint ) are explained as a probabilistic function of some hidden variables . finding parameters with the maximum likelihood is np - hard even in very simple settings . in recent years , provably efficient algorithms were nevertheless developed for models with linear structures : topic models , mixture models , hidden markov mode ←
→ tripartite graph clustering for dynamic sentiment analysis on social media ; the growing popularity of social media ( e . g , twitter ) allows users to easily share information with each other and influence others by expressing their own sentiments on various subjects . in this work , we propose an unsupervised \ emph { tri - clustering } framework , which analyzes both user - level and tweet - level sentiments through co - clustering of a tripartite graph . a compelling feature of the proposed framework is that the quality o ←
→ new error bounds for solomonoff prediction ; solomonoff sequence prediction is a scheme to predict digits of binary strings without knowing the underlying probability distribution . we call a prediction scheme informed when it knows the true probability distribution of the sequence . several new relations between universal solomonoff sequence prediction and informed prediction and general probabilistic prediction schemes will be proved . among others , they show that the number of errors in solomonoff predictio ←
→ a convex surrogate operator for general non - modular loss functions ; empirical risk minimization frequently employs convex surrogates to underlying discrete loss functions in order to achieve computational tractability during optimization . however , classical convex surrogates can only tightly bound modular loss functions , sub - modular functions or supermodular functions separately while maintaining polynomial time computation . in this work , a novel generic convex surrogate for general non - modular loss functi ←
→ eligibility propagation to speed up time hopping for reinforcement learning ; a mechanism called eligibility propagation is proposed to speed up the time hopping technique used for faster reinforcement learning in simulations . eligibility propagation provides for time hopping similar abilities to what eligibility traces provide for conventional reinforcement learning . it propagates values from one state to all of its temporal predecessors using a state transitions graph . experiments on a simulated biped c ←
→ differentially private online learning for cloud - based video recommendation with multimedia big data in social networks ; with the rapid growth in multimedia services and the enormous offers of video contents in online social networks , users have difficulty in obtaining their interests . therefore , various personalized recommendation systems have been proposed . however , they ignore that the accelerated proliferation of social media data has led to the big data era , which has greatly impeded the process of ←
→ efficient inference of gaussian process modulated renewal processes with application to medical event data ; the episodic , irregular and asynchronous nature of medical data render them difficult substrates for standard machine learning algorithms . we would like to abstract away this difficulty for the class of time - stamped categorical variables ( or events ) by modeling them as a renewal process and inferring a probability density over continuous , longitudinal , nonparametric intensity functions modulating t ←
→ end - to - end multi - modal multi - task vehicle control for self - driving cars with visual perception ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have been successfully applied to autonomous driving tasks , many in an end - to - end manner . previous end - to - end steering control methods take an image or an image sequence as the input and directly predict the steering angle with cnn . although single task learning on steering angles has reported good performances , the steering angle alone is not sufficient for vehicle control .←
→ temporal action localization by structured maximal sums ; we address the problem of temporal action localization in videos . we pose action localization as a structured prediction over arbitrary - length temporal windows , where each window is scored as the sum of frame - wise classification scores . additionally , our model classifies the start , middle , and end of each action as separate components , allowing our system to explicitly model each action ' s temporal evolution and take advantage of informative temporal ←
→ a map of update constraints in inductive inference ; we investigate how different learning restrictions reduce learning power and how the different restrictions relate to one another . we give a complete map for nine different restrictions both for the cases of complete information learning and set - driven learning . this completes the picture for these well - studied \ emph { delayable } learning restrictions . a further insight is gained by different characterizations of \ emph { conservative } learning in terms of var ←
→ automatic error analysis of human motor performance for interactive coaching in virtual reality ; in the context of fitness coaching or for rehabilitation purposes , the motor actions of a human participant must be observed and analyzed for errors in order to provide effective feedback . this task is normally carried out by human coaches , and it needs to be solved automatically in technical applications that are to provide automatic coaching ( e . g . training environments in vr ). however , most coaching systems ←
→ activity recognition from videos with parallel hypergraph matching on gpus ; in this paper , we propose a method for activity recognition from videos based on sparse local features and hypergraph matching . we benefit from special properties of the temporal domain in the data to derive a sequential and fast graph matching algorithm for gpus . traditionally , graphs and hypergraphs are frequently used to recognize complex and often non - rigid patterns in computer vision , either through graph matching or point ←
→ improved english to russian translation by neural suffix prediction ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) suffers a performance deficiency when a limited vocabulary fails to cover the source or target side adequately , which happens frequently when dealing with morphologically rich languages . to address this problem , previous work focused on adjusting translation granularity or expanding the vocabulary size . however , morphological information is relatively under - considered in nmt architectures , which may furthe ←
→ agreement maintenance based on schema and ontology change in p2p environment ; this paper is concern about developing a semantic agreement maintenance method based on semantic distance by calculating the change of local schema or ontology . this approach is important in dynamic and autonomous environment , in which the current approach assumed that agreement or mapping in static environment . the contribution of this research is to develop a framework based on semantic agreement maintenance approach for p2p ←
→ understanding deep architectures by interpretable visual summaries ; a consistent body of research investigates the recurrent visual patterns exploited by deep networks for object classification with the help of diverse visualization techniques . unfortunately , no effort has been spent in showing that these techniques are effective in leading researchers to univocal and exhaustive explanations . this paper goes in this direction , presenting a visualization framework owing to a group of clusters or summaries , ←
→ deep health care text classification ; health related social media mining is a valuable apparatus for the early recognition of the diverse antagonistic medicinal conditions . mostly , the existing methods are based on machine learning with knowledge - based learning . this working note presents the recurrent neural network ( rnn ) and long short - term memory ( lstm ) based embedding for automatic health text classification in the social media mining . for each task , two systems are built and that classify the tweet at ←
→ fault tolerance in distributed neural computing ; with the increasing complexity of computing systems , complete hardware reliability can no longer be guaranteed . we need , however , to ensure overall system reliability . one of the most important features of artificial neural networks is their intrinsic fault - tolerance . the aim of this work is to investigate whether such networks have features that can be applied to wider computational systems . this paper presents an analysis , in both the learning and operatio ←
→ staleness - aware async - sgd for distributed deep learning ; deep neural networks have been shown to achieve state - of - the - art performance in several machine learning tasks . stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is the preferred optimization algorithm for training these networks and asynchronous sgd ( asgd ) has been widely adopted for accelerating the training of large - scale deep networks in a distributed computing environment . however , in practice it is quite challenging to tune the training hyperparameters ( such a ←
→ real - time top - k predictive query processing over event streams ; this paper addresses the problem of predicting the k events that are most likely to occur next , over historical real - time event streams . existing approaches to causal prediction queries have a number of limitations . first , they exhaustively search over an acyclic causal network to find the most likely k effect events ; however , data from real event streams frequently reflect cyclic causality . second , they contain conservative assumptions intend ←
→ learning from comparisons and choices ; when tracking user - specific online activities , each user ' s preference is revealed in the form of choices and comparisons . for example , a user ' s purchase history tracks her choices , i . e . which item was chosen among a subset of offerings . a user ' s comparisons are observed either explicitly as in movie ratings or implicitly as in viewing times of news articles . given such individualized ordinal data , we address the problem of collaboratively learning representations of t ←
→ probflow : joint optical flow and uncertainty estimation ; optical flow estimation remains challenging due to untextured areas , motion boundaries , occlusions , and more . thus , the estimated flow is not equally reliable across the image . to that end , post - hoc confidence measures have been introduced to assess the per - pixel reliability of the flow . we overcome the artificial separation of optical flow and confidence estimation by introducing a method that jointly predicts optical flow and its underlying uncerta ←
→ a freely available morphological analyzer , disambiguator and context sensitive lemmatizer for german ; in this paper we present morphy , an integrated tool for german morphology , part - of - speech tagging and context - sensitive lemmatization . its large lexicon of more than 320 , 000 word forms plus its ability to process german compound nouns guarantee a wide morphological coverage . syntactic ambiguities can be resolved with a standard statistical part - of - speech tagger . by using the output of the tagger , the lem ←
→ randomized block proximal damped newton method for composite self - concordant minimization ; in this paper we consider the composite self - concordant ( csc ) minimization problem , which minimizes the sum of a self - concordant function $ f $ and a ( possibly nonsmooth ) proper closed convex function $ g $. the csc minimization is the cornerstone of the path - following interior point methods for solving a broad class of convex optimization problems . it has also found numerous applications in machine learning . the proxi ←
→ amodal completion and size constancy in natural scenes ; we consider the problem of enriching current object detection systems with veridical object sizes and relative depth estimates from a single image . there are several technical challenges to this , such as occlusions , lack of calibration data and the scale ambiguity between object size and distance . these have not been addressed in full generality in previous work . here we propose to tackle these issues by building upon advances in object recognition an ←
→ the thing that we tried didn ' t work very well : deictic representation in reinforcement learning ; most reinforcement learning methods operate on propositional representations of the world state . such representations are often intractably large and generalize poorly . using a deictic representation is believed to be a viable alternative : they promise generalization while allowing the use of existing reinforcement - learning methods . yet , there are few experiments on learning with deictic representations repo ←
→ active collaborative filtering ; collaborative filtering ( cf ) allows the preferences of multiple users to be pooled to make recommendations regarding unseen products . we consider in this paper the problem of online and interactive cf : given the current ratings associated with a user , what queries ( new ratings ) would most improve the quality of the recommendations made ? we cast this terms of expected value of information ( evoi ); but the online computational cost of computing optimal queries is prohibitive . w ←
→ unification in the description logic el ; the description logic el has recently drawn considerable attention since , on the one hand , important inference problems such as the subsumption problem are polynomial . on the other hand , el is used to define large biomedical ontologies . unification in description logics has been proposed as a novel inference service that can , for example , be used to detect redundancies in ontologies . the main result of this paper is that unification in el is decidable . more precisel ←
→ epistemological relevance and statistical knowledge ; for many years , at least since mccarthy and hayes ( 1969 ), writers have lamented , and attempted to compensate for , the alleged fact that we often do not have adequate statistical knowledge for governing the uncertainty of belief , for making uncertain inferences , and the like . it is hardly ever spelled out what " adequate statistical knowledge " would be , if we had it , and how adequate statistical knowledge could be used to control and regulate epistemic unc ←
→ hierarchical lstm with adjusted temporal attention for video captioning ; recent progress has been made in using attention based encoder - decoder framework for video captioning . however , most existing decoders apply the attention mechanism to every generated word including both visual words ( e . g ., " gun " and " shooting ") and non - visual words ( e . g . " the ", " a "). however , these non - visual words can be easily predicted using natural language model without considering visual signals or attention . imposing attention ←
→ fire detection in a still image using colour information ; colour analysis is a crucial step in image - based fire detection algorithms . many of the proposed fire detection algorithms in a still image are prone to false alarms caused by objects with a colour similar to fire . to design a colour - based system with a better false alarm rate , a new colour - differentiating conversion matrix , efficient on images of high colour complexity , is proposed . the elements of this conversion matrix are obtained by performing ←
→ semi - dense visual odometry for rgb - d cameras using approximate nearest neighbour fields ; this paper presents a robust and efficient semi - dense visual odometry solution for rgb - d cameras . the core of our method is a 2d - 3d icp pipeline which estimates the pose of the sensor by registering the projection of a 3d semi - dense map of the reference frame with the 2d semi - dense region extracted in the current frame . the processing is speeded up by efficiently implemented approximate nearest neighbour fields under ←
→ appropriate nouns with obligatory modifiers ; the notion of appropriate sequence as introduced by z . harris provides a powerful syntactic way of analysing the detailed meaning of various sentences , including ambiguous ones . in an adjectival sentence like ' the leather was yellow ', the introduction of an appropriate noun , here ' colour ', specifies which quality the adjective describes . in some other adjectival sentences with an appropriate noun , that noun plays the same part as ' colour ' and seems to be relevan ←
→ learning amp chain graphs under faithfulness ; this paper deals with chain graphs under the alternative andersson - madigan - perlman ( amp ) interpretation . in particular , we present a constraint based algorithm for learning an amp chain graph a given probability distribution is faithful to . we also show that the extension of meek ' s conjecture to amp chain graphs does not hold , which compromises the development of efficient and correct score + search learning algorithms under assumptions weaker than faithfulness .←
→ genetic cellular neural networks for generating three - dimensional geometry ; there are a number of ways to procedurally generate interesting three - dimensional shapes , and a method where a cellular neural network is combined with a mesh growth algorithm is presented here . the aim is to create a shape from a genetic code in such a way that a crude search can find interesting shapes . identical neural networks are placed at each vertex of a mesh which can communicate with neural networks on neighboring vertic ←
→ asymptotic convergence in online learning with unbounded delays ; we study the problem of predicting the results of computations that are too expensive to run , via the observation of the results of smaller computations . we model this as an online learning problem with delayed feedback , where the length of the delay is unbounded , which we study mainly in a stochastic setting . we show that in this setting , consistency is not possible in general , and that optimal forecasters might not have average regret going ←
→ sub - pixel registration of wavelet - encoded images ; sub - pixel registration is a crucial step for applications such as super - resolution in remote sensing , motion compensation in magnetic resonance imaging , and non - destructive testing in manufacturing , to name a few . recently , these technologies have been trending towards wavelet encoded imaging and sparse / compressive sensing . the former plays a crucial role in reducing imaging artifacts , while the latter significantly increases the acquisition speed . in view ←
→ nonlinear laplacian spectral analysis : capturing intermittent and low - frequency spatiotemporal patterns in high - dimensional data ; we present a technique for spatiotemporal data analysis called nonlinear laplacian spectral analysis ( nlsa ), which generalizes singular spectrum analysis ( ssa ) to take into account the nonlinear manifold structure of complex data sets . the key principle underlying nlsa is that the functions used to represent temporal patterns should exhibit a degree of smoothness on the nonlin ←
→ simdialog : a visual game dialog editor ; simdialog is a visual editor for dialog in computer games . this paper presents the design of simdialog , illustrating how script writers and non - programmers can easily create dialog for video games with complex branching structures and dynamic response characteristics . the system creates dialog as a directed graph . this allows for play using the dialog with a state - based cause and effect system that controls selection of non - player character responses and can provide ←
→ chalet : cornell house agent learning environment ; we present chalet , a 3d house simulator with support for navigation and manipulation . chalet includes 58 rooms and 10 house configuration , and allows to easily create new house and room layouts . chalet supports a range of common household activities , including moving objects , toggling appliances , and placing objects inside closeable containers . the environment and actions available are designed to create a challenging domain to train and evaluate autonomous ←
→ hilbert space embeddings of pomdps ; a nonparametric approach for policy learning for pomdps is proposed . the approach represents distributions over the states , observations , and actions as embeddings in feature spaces , which are reproducing kernel hilbert spaces . distributions over states given the observations are obtained by applying the kernel bayes ' rule to these distribution embeddings . policies and value functions are defined on the feature space over states , which leads to a feature space expression ←
→ a system for extracting sentiment from large - scale arabic social data ; social media data in arabic language is becoming more and more abundant . it is a consensus that valuable information lies in social media data . mining this data and making the process easier are gaining momentum in the industries . this paper describes an enterprise system we developed for extracting sentiment from large volumes of social data in arabic dialects . first , we give an overview of the big data system for information extractio ←
→ a bayesian model for supervised clustering with the dirichlet process prior ; we develop a bayesian framework for tackling the supervised clustering problem , the generic problem encountered in tasks such as reference matching , coreference resolution , identity uncertainty and record linkage . our clustering model is based on the dirichlet process prior , which enables us to define distributions over the countably infinite sets that naturally arise in this problem . we add supervision to our model by positing ←
→ material editing using a physically based rendering network ; the ability to edit materials of objects in images is desirable by many content creators . however , this is an extremely challenging task as it requires to disentangle intrinsic physical properties of an image . we propose an end - to - end network architecture that replicates the forward image formation process to accomplish this task . specifically , given a single image , the network first predicts intrinsic properties , i . e . shape , illumination , and ma ←
→ an analysis of two common reference points for eegs ; clinical electroencephalographic ( eeg ) data varies significantly depending on a number of operational conditions ( e . g ., the type and placement of electrodes , the type of electrical grounding used ). this investigation explores the statistical differences present in two different referential montages : linked ear ( le ) and averaged reference ( ar ). each of these accounts for approximately 45 % of the data in the tuh eeg corpus . in this study , we explore the im ←
→ a taxonomy of deep convolutional neural nets for computer vision ; traditional architectures for solving computer vision problems and the degree of success they enjoyed have been heavily reliant on hand - crafted features . however , of late , deep learning techniques have offered a compelling alternative -- that of automatically learning problem - specific features . with this new paradigm , every problem in computer vision is now being re - examined from a deep learning perspective . therefore , it has become importan ←
→ improving bilayer product quantization for billion - scale approximate nearest neighbors in high dimensions ; the top - performing systems for billion - scale high - dimensional approximate nearest neighbor ( ann ) search are all based on two - layer architectures that include an indexing structure and a compressed datapoints layer . an indexing structure is crucial as it allows to avoid exhaustive search , while the lossy data compression is needed to fit the dataset into ram . several of the most successful systems us ←
→ constructing time series shape association measures : minkowski distance and data standardization ; it is surprising that last two decades many works in time series data mining and clustering were concerned with measures of similarity of time series but not with measures of association that can be used for measuring possible direct and inverse relationships between time series . inverse relationships can exist between dynamics of prices and sell volumes , between growth patterns of competitive companies , bet ←
→ distilling an ensemble of greedy dependency parsers into one mst parser ; we introduce two first - order graph - based dependency parsers achieving a new state of the art . the first is a consensus parser built from an ensemble of independently trained greedy lstm transition - based parsers with different random initializations . we cast this approach as minimum bayes risk decoding ( under the hamming cost ) and argue that weaker consensus within the ensemble is a useful signal of difficulty or ambiguity . the second ←
→ using rule - based labels for weak supervised learning : a chemnet for transferable chemical property prediction ; with access to large datasets , deep neural networks ( dnn ) have achieved human - level accuracy in image and speech recognition tasks . however , in chemistry , data is inherently small and fragmented . in this work , we develop an approach of using rule - based knowledge for training chemnet , a transferable and generalizable deep neural network for chemical property prediction that learns in a weak - super ←
→ labeled directed acyclic graphs : a generalization of context - specific independence in directed graphical models ; we introduce a novel class of labeled directed acyclic graph ( ldag ) models for finite sets of discrete variables . ldags generalize earlier proposals for allowing local structures in the conditional probability distribution of a node , such that unrestricted label sets determine which edges can be deleted from the underlying directed acyclic graph ( dag ) for a given context . several properties of ←
→ automatic generation of alternative starting positions for simple traditional board games ; simple board games , like tic - tac - toe and connect - 4 , play an important role not only in the development of mathematical and logical skills , but also in the emotional and social development . in this paper , we address the problem of generating targeted starting positions for such games . this can facilitate new approaches for bringing novice players to mastery , and also leads to discovery of interesting game variants . ←
→ classification by ensembles of neural networks ; we introduce a new procedure for training of artificial neural networks by using the approximation of an objective function by arithmetic mean of an ensemble of selected randomly generated neural networks , and apply this procedure to the classification ( or pattern recognition ) problem . this approach differs from the standard one based on the optimization theory . in particular , any neural network from the mentioned ensemble may not be an approximation of the o ←
→ incentives for privacy tradeoff in community sensing ; community sensing , fusing information from populations of privately - held sensors , presents a great opportunity to create efficient and cost - effective sensing applications . yet , reasonable privacy concerns often limit the access to such data streams . how should systems valuate and negotiate access to private information , for example in return for monetary incentives ? how should they optimally choose the participants from a large population of strategic u ←
→ using t - norm based uncertainty calculi in a naval situation assessment application ; rum ( reasoning with uncertainty module ), is an integrated software tool based on a kee , a frame system implemented in an object oriented language . rum ' s architecture is composed of three layers : representation , inference , and control . the representation layer is based on frame - like data structures that capture the uncertainty information used in the inference layer and the uncertainty meta - information used in the control ←
→ an efficient algorithm for computing interventional distributions in latent variable causal models ; probabilistic inference in graphical models is the task of computing marginal and conditional densities of interest from a factorized representation of a joint probability distribution . inference algorithms such as variable elimination and belief propagation take advantage of constraints embedded in this factorization to compute such densities efficiently . in this paper , we propose an algorithm which compu ←
→ learning to start for sequence to sequence architecture ; the sequence to sequence architecture is widely used in the response generation and neural machine translation to model the potential relationship between two sentences . it typically consists of two parts : an encoder that reads from the source sentence and a decoder that generates the target sentence word by word according to the encoder ' s output and the last generated word . however , it faces to the cold start problem when generating the first word a ←
→ towards benchmarking scene background initialization ; given a set of images of a scene taken at different times , the availability of an initial background model that describes the scene without foreground objects is the prerequisite for a wide range of applications , ranging from video surveillance to computational photography . even though several methods have been proposed for scene background initialization , the lack of a common groundtruthed dataset and of a common set of metrics makes it difficult to co ←
→ general video game ai : learning from screen capture ; general video game artificial intelligence is a general game playing framework for artificial general intelligence research in the video - games domain . in this paper , we propose for the first time a screen capture learning agent for general video game ai framework . a deep q - network algorithm was applied and improved to develop an agent capable of learning to play different games in the framework . after testing this algorithm using various games of differe ←
→ neural machine translation from simplified translations ; text simplification aims at reducing the lexical , grammatical and structural complexity of a text while keeping the same meaning . in the context of machine translation , we introduce the idea of simplified translations in order to boost the learning ability of deep neural translation models . we conduct preliminary experiments showing that translation complexity is actually reduced in a translation of a source bi - text compared to the target reference o ←
→ model compression as constrained optimization , with application to neural nets . part i : general framework ; compressing neural nets is an active research problem , given the large size of state - of - the - art nets for tasks such as object recognition , and the computational limits imposed by mobile devices . we give a general formulation of model compression as constrained optimization . this includes many types of compression : quantization , low - rank decomposition , pruning , lossless compression and others . then , ←
→ dengue disease prediction using weka data mining tool ; dengue is a life threatening disease prevalent in several developed as well as developing countries like india . in this paper we discuss various algorithm approaches of data mining that have been utilized for dengue disease prediction . data mining is a well known technique used by health organizations for classification of diseases such as dengue , diabetes and cancer in bioinformatics research . in the proposed approach we have used weka with 10 cross va ←
→ action recognition in still images by latent superpixel classification ; action recognition from still images is an important task of computer vision applications such as image annotation , robotic navigation , video surveillance and several others . existing approaches mainly rely on either bag - of - feature representations or articulated body - part models . however , the relationship between the action and the image segments is still substantially unexplored . for this reason , in this paper we propose to approach a ←
→ joint multi - person pose estimation and semantic part segmentation ; human pose estimation and semantic part segmentation are two complementary tasks in computer vision . in this paper , we propose to solve the two tasks jointly for natural multi - person images , in which the estimated pose provides object - level shape prior to regularize part segments while the part - level segments constrain the variation of pose locations . specifically , we first train two fully convolutional neural networks ( fcns ), namely pose f ←
→ egyptian arabic to english statistical machine translation system for nist openmt ' 2015 ; the paper describes the egyptian arabic - to - english statistical machine translation ( smt ) system that the qcri - columbia - nyuad ( qcn ) group submitted to the nist openmt ' 2015 competition . the competition focused on informal dialectal arabic , as used in sms , chat , and speech . thus , our efforts focused on processing and standardizing arabic , e . g ., using tools such as 3arrib and madamira . we further trained a phrase - based sm ←
→ towards building large scale multimodal domain - aware conversation systems ; while multimodal conversation agents are gaining importance in several domains such as retail , travel etc ., deep learning research in this area has been limited primarily due to the lack of availability of large - scale , open chatlogs . to overcome this bottleneck , in this paper we introduce the task of multimodal , domain - aware conversations , and propose the mmd benchmark dataset . this dataset was gathered by working in close coordin ←
→ tensor field networks : rotation - and translation - equivariant neural networks for 3d point clouds ; we introduce tensor field networks , which are locally equivariant to 3d rotations , translations , and permutations of points at every layer . 3d rotation equivariance removes the need for data augmentation to identify features in arbitrary orientations . our network uses filters built from spherical harmonics ; due to the mathematical consequences of this filter choice , each layer accepts as input ( and guarantee ←
→ bayesian nonparametric principal component analysis ; principal component analysis ( pca ) is very popular to perform dimension reduction . the selection of the number of significant components is essential but often based on some practical heuristics depending on the application . only few works have proposed a probabilistic approach able to infer the number of significant components . to this purpose , this paper introduces a bayesian nonparametric principal component analysis ( bnp - pca ). the proposed model proj ←
→ lazy factored inference for functional probabilistic programming ; probabilistic programming provides the means to represent and reason about complex probabilistic models using programming language constructs . even simple probabilistic programs can produce models with infinitely many variables . factored inference algorithms are widely used for probabilistic graphical models , but cannot be applied to these programs because all the variables and factors have to be enumerated . in this paper , we present a new i ←
→ efficient learning of linear separators under bounded noise ; we study the learnability of linear separators in $\ re ^ d $ in the presence of bounded ( a . k . a massart ) noise . this is a realistic generalization of the random classification noise model , where the adversary can flip each example $ x $ with probability $\ eta ( x ) \ leq \ eta $. we provide the first polynomial time algorithm that can learn linear separators to arbitrarily small excess error in this noise model under the uniform distribution over the unit ba ←
→ deepmath - deep sequence models for premise selection ; we study the effectiveness of neural sequence models for premise selection in automated theorem proving , one of the main bottlenecks in the formalization of mathematics . we propose a two stage approach for this task that yields good results for the premise selection task on the mizar corpus while avoiding the hand - engineered features of existing state - of - the - art models . to our knowledge , this is the first time deep learning has been applied to theorem ←
→ deep ten : texture encoding network ; we propose a deep texture encoding network ( deep - ten ) with a novel encoding layer integrated on top of convolutional layers , which ports the entire dictionary learning and encoding pipeline into a single model . current methods build from distinct components , using standard encoders with separate off - the - shelf features such as sift descriptors or pre - trained cnn features for material recognition . our new approach provides an end - to - end learning framework , where the inhere ←
→ k - vec : a new approach for aligning parallel texts ; various methods have been proposed for aligning texts in two or more languages such as the canadian parliamentary debates ( hansards ). some of these methods generate a bilingual lexicon as a by - product . we present an alternative alignment strategy which we call k - vec , that starts by estimating the lexicon . for example , it discovers that the english word " fisheries " is similar to the french " pe ^ ches " by noting that the distribution of " fisheries " in the engli ←
→ predicting non - linear dynamics by stable local learning in a recurrent spiking neural network ; brains need to predict how the body reacts to motor commands . it is an open question how networks of spiking neurons can learn to reproduce the non - linear body dynamics caused by motor commands , using local , online and stable learning rules . here , we present a supervised learning scheme for the feedforward and recurrent connections in a network of heterogeneous spiking neurons . the error in the output is fed ba ←
→ lucid data dreaming for multiple object tracking ; convolutional networks reach top quality in pixel - level object tracking but require a large amount of training data ( 1k ~ 10k ) to deliver such results . we propose a new training strategy which achieves state - of - the - art results across three evaluation datasets while using 20x ~ 100x less annotated data than competing methods . our approach is suitable for both single and multiple object tracking . instead of using large training sets hoping to generalize across do ←
→ region - based image retrieval revisited ; region - based image retrieval ( rbir ) technique is revisited . in early attempts at rbir in the late 90s , researchers found many ways to specify region - based queries and spatial relationships ; however , the way to characterize the regions , such as by using color histograms , were very poor at that time . here , we revisit rbir by incorporating semantic specification of objects and intuitive specification of spatial relationships . our contributions are the following . first , ←
→ constrained maximum correntropy adaptive filtering ; constrained adaptive filtering algorithms inculding constrained least mean square ( clms ), constrained affine projection ( cap ) and constrained recursive least squares ( crls ) have been extensively studied in many applications . most existing constrained adaptive filtering algorithms are developed under mean square error ( mse ) criterion , which is an ideal optimality criterion under gaussian noises . this assumption however fails to model the behavior of non - ga ←
→ a unified view of td algorithms ; introducing full - gradient td and equi - gradient descent td ; this paper addresses the issue of policy evaluation in markov decision processes , using linear function approximation . it provides a unified view of algorithms such as td ( lambda ), lstd ( lambda ), ilstd , residual - gradient td . it is asserted that they all consist in minimizing a gradient function and differ by the form of this function and their means of minimizing it . two new schemes are introduced in that framework :←
→ dew point modelling using gep based multi objective optimization ; different techniques are used to model the relationship between temperatures , dew point and relative humidity . gene expression programming is capable of modelling complex realities with great accuracy , allowing at the same time , the extraction of knowledge from the evolved models compared to other learning algorithms . we aim to use gene expression programming for modelling of dew point . generally , accuracy of the model is the only objective ←
→ shape - based approach to household load curve clustering and prediction ; consumer demand response ( dr ) is an important research and industry problem , which seeks to categorize , predict and modify consumer ' s energy consumption . unfortunately , traditional clustering methods have resulted in many hundreds of clusters , with a given consumer often associated with several clusters , making it difficult to classify consumers into stable representative groups and to predict individual energy consumption patterns . in ←
→ inception recurrent convolutional neural network for object recognition ; deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) are an influential tool for solving various problems in the machine learning and computer vision fields . in this paper , we introduce a new deep learning model called an inception - recurrent convolutional neural network ( ircnn ), which utilizes the power of an inception network combined with recurrent layers in dcnn architecture . we have empirically evaluated the recognition performance of the ←
→ interpretable machine learning for privacy - preserving pervasive systems ; the presence of pervasive systems in our everyday lives and the interaction of users with connected devices such as smartphones or home appliances generate increasing amounts of traces that reflect users ' behavior . a plethora of machine learning techniques enable service providers to process these traces to extract latent information about the users . while most of the existing projects have focused on the accuracy of these techniques ,←
→ concave penalized estimation of sparse gaussian bayesian networks ; we develop a penalized likelihood estimation framework to estimate the structure of gaussian bayesian networks from observational data . in contrast to recent methods which accelerate the learning problem by restricting the search space , our main contribution is a fast algorithm for score - based structure learning which does not restrict the search space in any way and works on high - dimensional datasets with thousands of variables . our use of ←
→ fast estimation of haemoglobin concentration in tissue via wavelet decomposition ; tissue oxygenation and perfusion can be an indicator for organ viability during minimally invasive surgery , for example allowing real - time assessment of tissue perfusion and oxygen saturation . multispectral imaging is an optical modality that can inspect tissue perfusion in wide field images without contact . in this paper , we present a novel , fast method for using rgb images for msi , which while limiting the spectral resolu ←
→ who ' s to say what ' s funny ? a computer using language models and deep learning , that ' s who ! ; humor is a defining characteristic of human beings . our goal is to develop methods that automatically detect humorous statements and rank them on a continuous scale . in this paper we report on results using a language model approach , and outline our plans for using methods from deep learning .←
→ an introduction to image synthesis with generative adversarial nets ; there has been a drastic growth of research in generative adversarial nets ( gans ) in the past few years . proposed in 2014 , gan has been applied to various applications such as computer vision and natural language processing , and achieves impressive performance . among the many applications of gan , image synthesis is the most well - studied one , and research in this area has already demonstrated the great potential of using gan in image synth ←
→ deep learning for sampling from arbitrary probability distributions ; this paper proposes a fully connected neural network model to map samples from a uniform distribution to samples of any explicitly known probability density function . during the training , the jensen - shannon divergence between the distribution of the model ' s output and the target distribution is minimized . we experimentally demonstrate that our model converges towards the desired state . it provides an alternative to existing sampling metho ←
→ dppred : an effective prediction framework with concise discriminative patterns ; in the literature , two series of models have been proposed to address prediction problems including classification and regression . simple models , such as generalized linear models , have ordinary performance but strong interpretability on a set of simple features . the other series , including tree - based models , organize numerical , categorical and high dimensional features into a comprehensive structure with rich interpretable i ←
→ identification of helicopter dynamics based on flight data using nature inspired techniques ; the complexity of helicopter flight dynamics makes modeling and helicopter system identification a very difficult task . most of the traditional techniques require a model structure to be defined apriori and in case of helicopter dynamics , this is difficult due to its complexity and the interplay between various subsystems . to overcome this difficulty , non - parametric approaches are commonly adopted for helicopter s ←
→ neural episodic control ; deep reinforcement learning methods attain super - human performance in a wide range of environments . such methods are grossly inefficient , often taking orders of magnitudes more data than humans to achieve reasonable performance . we propose neural episodic control : a deep reinforcement learning agent that is able to rapidly assimilate new experiences and act upon them . our agent uses a semi - tabular representation of the value function : a buffer of past experience containing slowly c ←
→ a differential approach to inference in bayesian networks ; we present a new approach for inference in bayesian networks , which is mainly based on partial differentiation . according to this approach , one compiles a bayesian network into a multivariate polynomial and then computes the partial derivatives of this polynomial with respect to each variable . we show that once such derivatives are made available , one can compute in constant - time answers to a large class of probabilistic queries , which are central ←
→ multi - scale image fusion between pre - operative clinical ct and x - ray microtomography of lung pathology ; computational anatomy allows the quantitative analysis of organs in medical images . however , most analysis is constrained to the millimeter scale because of the limited resolution of clinical computed tomography ( ct ). x - ray microtomography ($\ mu $ ct ) on the other hand allows imaging of ex - vivo tissues at a resolution of tens of microns . in this work , we use clinical ct to image lung cancer patients befo ←
→ sparse approximate inference for spatio - temporal point process models ; spatio - temporal point process models play a central role in the analysis of spatially distributed systems in several disciplines . yet , scalable inference remains computa - tionally challenging both due to the high resolution modelling generally required and the analytically intractable likelihood function . here , we exploit the sparsity structure typical of ( spatially ) discretised log - gaussian cox process models by using approximate messa ←
→ foundations for uniform interpolation and forgetting in expressive description logics ; we study uniform interpolation and forgetting in the description logic alc . our main results are model - theoretic characterizations of uniform inter - polants and their existence in terms of bisimula - tions , tight complexity bounds for deciding the existence of uniform interpolants , an approach to computing interpolants when they exist , and tight bounds on their size . we use a mix of model - theoretic and automata - theoret ←
→ autobagging : learning to rank bagging workflows with metalearning ; machine learning ( ml ) has been successfully applied to a wide range of domains and applications . one of the techniques behind most of these successful applications is ensemble learning ( el ), the field of ml that gave birth to methods such as random forests or boosting . the complexity of applying these techniques together with the market scarcity on ml experts , has created the need for systems that enable a fast and easy drop - in replacement ←
→ memory limited , streaming pca ; we consider streaming , one - pass principal component analysis ( pca ), in the high - dimensional regime , with limited memory . here , $ p $- dimensional samples are presented sequentially , and the goal is to produce the $ k $- dimensional subspace that best approximates these points . standard algorithms require $ o ( p ^ 2 )$ memory ; meanwhile no algorithm can do better than $ o ( kp )$ memory , since this is what the output itself requires . memory ( or storage ) complexity is most meaningful when und ←
→ commai : evaluating the first steps towards a useful general ai ; with machine learning successfully applied to new daunting problems almost every day , general ai starts looking like an attainable goal . however , most current research focuses instead on important but narrow applications , such as image classification or machine translation . we believe this to be largely due to the lack of objective ways to measure progress towards broad machine intelligence . in order to fill this gap , we propose here a set of ←
→ agnostic estimation of mean and covariance ; we consider the problem of estimating the mean and covariance of a distribution from iid samples in $\ mathbb { r }^ n $, in the presence of an $\ eta $ fraction of malicious noise ; this is in contrast to much recent work where the noise itself is assumed to be from a distribution of known type . the agnostic problem includes many interesting special cases , e . g ., learning the parameters of a single gaussian ( or finding the best - fit gaussian ) when $\ eta $ fraction of data i ←
→ applying artifical neural networks to predict nominal vehicle performance ; this paper investigates the use of artificial neural networks ( anns ) to replace traditional algorithms and manual review for identifying anomalies in vehicle run data . the specific data used for this study is from undersea vehicle qualification tests . such data is highly non - linear , therefore traditional algorithms are not adequate and manual review is time consuming . by using anns to predict nominal vehicle performance based sole ←
→ can string kernels pass the test of time in native language identification ? ; we describe a machine learning approach for the 2017 shared task on native language identification ( nli ). the proposed approach combines several kernels using multiple kernel learning . while most of our kernels are based on character p - grams ( also known as n - grams ) extracted from essays or speech transcripts , we also use a kernel based on i - vectors , a low - dimensional representation of audio recordings , provided by the shared tas ←
→ hash function learning via codewords ; in this paper we introduce a novel hash learning framework that has two main distinguishing features , when compared to past approaches . first , it utilizes codewords in the hamming space as ancillary means to accomplish its hash learning task . these codewords , which are inferred from the data , attempt to capture similarity aspects of the data ' s hash codes . secondly and more importantly , the same framework is capable of addressing supervised , unsupervised and , even , semi ←
→ dynamic mechanism design for markets with strategic resources ; the assignment of tasks to multiple resources becomes an interesting game theoretic problem , when both the task owner and the resources are strategic . in the classical , nonstrategic setting , where the states of the tasks and resources are observable by the controller , this problem is that of finding an optimal policy for a markov decision process ( mdp ). when the states are held by strategic agents , the problem of an efficient task allocation ex ←
→ efficient inference on generalized fault diagrams ; the generalized fault diagram , a data structure for failure analysis based on the influence diagram , is defined . unlike the fault tree , this structure allows for dependence among the basic events and replicated logical elements . a heuristic procedure is developed for efficient processing of these structures .←
→ text - text extractor tool for handwritten document transcription and annotation ; this paper presents a framework for semi - automatic transcription of large - scale historical handwritten documents and proposes a simple user - friendly text extractor tool , text for transcription . the proposed approach provides a quick and easy transcription of text using computer assisted interactive technique . the algorithm finds multiple occurrences of the marked text on - the - fly using a word spotting system . text is also ca ←
→ blitzkriging : kronecker - structured stochastic gaussian processes ; we present blitzkriging , a new approach to fast inference for gaussian processes , applicable to regression , optimisation and classification . state - of - the - art ( stochastic ) inference for gaussian processes on very large datasets scales cubically in the number of ' inducing inputs ', variables introduced to factorise the model . blitzkriging shares state - of - the - art scaling with data , but reduces the scaling in the number of inducing points to appr ←
→ feudal reinforcement learning for dialogue management in large domains ; reinforcement learning ( rl ) is a promising approach to solve dialogue policy optimisation . traditional rl algorithms , however , fail to scale to large domains due to the curse of dimensionality . we propose a novel dialogue management architecture , based on feudal rl , which decomposes the decision into two steps ; a first step where a master policy selects a subset of primitive actions , and a second step where a primitive action is chosen ←
→ recurrent neural network models for disease name recognition using domain invariant features ; hand - crafted features based on linguistic and domain - knowledge play crucial role in determining the performance of disease name recognition systems . such methods are further limited by the scope of these features or in other words , their ability to cover the contexts or word dependencies within a sentence . in this work , we focus on reducing such dependencies and propose a domain - invariant framework for the disea ←
→ ubic : bridging the gap between digital cryptography and the physical world ; advances in computing technology increasingly blur the boundary between the digital domain and the physical world . although the research community has developed a large number of cryptographic primitives and has demonstrated their usability in all - digital communication , many of them have not yet made their way into the real world due to usability aspects . we aim to make another step towards a tighter integration of digital crypto ←
→ attending to all mention pairs for full abstract biological relation extraction ; most work in relation extraction forms a prediction by looking at a short span of text within a single sentence containing a single entity pair mention . however , many relation types , particularly in biomedical text , are expressed across sentences or require a large context to disambiguate . we propose a model to consider all mention and entity pairs simultaneously in order to make a prediction . we encode full paper abstracts ←
→ learning probabilistic systems from tree samples ; we consider the problem of learning a non - deterministic probabilistic system consistent with a given finite set of positive and negative tree samples . consistency is defined with respect to strong simulation conformance . we propose learning algorithms that use traditional and a new " stochastic " state - space partitioning , the latter resulting in the minimum number of states . we then use them to solve the problem of " active learning ", that uses a knowledgeable ←
→ adaptive mosaic image representation for image processing ; method for a mosaic image representation ( mir ) is proposed for a selective treatment of image fragments of different transition frequency . mir method is based on piecewise - constant image approximation on a non - uniform orthogonal grid constructed by the following recurrent multigrid algorithm . a sequence of nested uniform grids is built , such that each cell of a current grid is subdivided into four smaller cells for the next grid designing . in each ←
→ distributed convex optimization with many convex constraints ; we address the problem of solving convex optimization problems with many convex constraints in a distributed setting . our approach is based on an extension of the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) that recently gained a lot of attention in the big data context . although it has been invented decades ago , admm so far can be applied only to unconstrained problems and problems with linear equality or inequality constraints . our exte ←
→ the mind grows circuits ; there is a vast supply of prior art that study models for mental processes . some studies in psychology and philosophy approach it from an inner perspective in terms of experiences and percepts . others such as neurobiology or connectionist - machines approach it externally by viewing the mind as complex circuit of neurons where each neuron is a primitive binary circuit . in this paper , we also model the mind as a place where a circuit grows , starting as a collection of primitive compon ←
→ constructing a hierarchical user interest structure based on user profiles ; the interests of individual internet users fall into a hierarchical structure which is useful in regards to building personalized searches and recommendations . most studies on this subject construct the interest hierarchy of a single person from the document perspective . in this study , we constructed the user interest hierarchy via user profiles . we organized 433 , 397 user interests , referred to here as " attentions ", into a user a ←
→ discovering patterns of correlation and similarities in software project data with the circos visualization tool ; software cost estimation based on multivariate data from completed projects requires the building of efficient models . these models essentially describe relations in the data , either on the basis of correlations between variables or of similarities between the projects . the continuous growth of the amount of data gathered and the need to perform preliminary analysis in order to discover patte ←
→ manipulation and gender neutrality in stable marriage procedures ; the stable marriage problem is a well - known problem of matching men to women so that no man and woman who are not married to each other both prefer each other . such a problem has a wide variety of practical applications ranging from matching resident doctors to hospitals to matching students to schools . a well - known algorithm to solve this problem is the gale - shapley algorithm , which runs in polynomial time . it has been proven that stable ←
→ independence , conditionality and structure of dempster - shafer belief functions ; several approaches of structuring ( factorization , decomposition ) of dempster - shafer joint belief functions from literature are reviewed with special emphasis on their capability to capture independence from the point of view of the claim that belief functions generalize bayes notion of probability . it is demonstrated that zhu and lee ' s { zhu : 93 } logical networks and smets ' { smets : 93 } directed acyclic graphs are unable to cap ←
→ preferential and preferential - discriminative consequence relations ; the present paper investigates consequence relations that are both non - monotonic and paraconsistent . more precisely , we put the focus on preferential consequence relations , i . e . those relations that can be defined by a binary preference relation on states labelled by valuations . we worked with a general notion of valuation that covers e . g . the classical valuations as well as certain kinds of many - valued valuations . in the many - valued cases ←
→ a fusion algorithm for solving bayesian decision problems ; this paper proposes a new method for solving bayesian decision problems . the method consists of representing a bayesian decision problem as a valuation - based system and applying a fusion algorithm for solving it . the fusion algorithm is a hybrid of local computational methods for computation of marginals of joint probability distributions and the local computational methods for discrete optimization problems .←
→ dimensionality reduction and classification feature using mutual information applied to hyperspectral images : a wrapper strategy algorithm based on minimizing the error probability using the inequality of fano ; in the feature classification domain , the choice of data affects widely the results . for the hyperspectral image , the bands dont all contain the information ; some bands are irrelevant like those affected by various atmospheric effects , see figure . 4 , and decrease the classification accuracy . and ←
→ decision - theoretic rough sets - based three - way approximations of interval - valued fuzzy sets ; in practical situations , interval - valued fuzzy sets are frequently encountered . in this paper , firstly , we present shadowed sets for interpreting and understanding interval fuzzy sets . we also provide an analytic solution to computing the pair of thresholds by searching for a balance of uncertainty in the framework of shadowed sets . secondly , we construct errors - based three - way approximations of interval - valued fu ←
→ probabilistic duality for parallel gibbs sampling without graph coloring ; we present a new notion of probabilistic duality for random variables involving mixture distributions . using this notion , we show how to implement a highly - parallelizable gibbs sampler for weakly coupled discrete pairwise graphical models with strictly positive factors that requires almost no preprocessing and is easy to implement . moreover , we show how our method can be combined with blocking to improve mixing . even though our metho ←
→ exponential expressivity in deep neural networks through transient chaos ; we combine riemannian geometry with the mean field theory of high dimensional chaos to study the nature of signal propagation in generic , deep neural networks with random weights . our results reveal an order - to - chaos expressivity phase transition , with networks in the chaotic phase computing nonlinear functions whose global curvature grows exponentially with depth but not width . we prove this generic class of deep random functions ca ←
→ functional answer set programming ; in this paper we propose an extension of answer set programming ( asp ), and in particular , of its most general logical counterpart , quantified equilibrium logic ( qel ), to deal with partial functions . although the treatment of equality in qel can be established in different ways , we first analyse the choice of decidable equality with complete functions and herbrand models , recently proposed in the literature . we argue that this choice yields some counterintuitive effects fr ←
→ on the performance of maximum likelihood inverse reinforcement learning ; inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) addresses the problem of recovering a task description given a demonstration of the optimal policy used to solve such a task . the optimal policy is usually provided by an expert or teacher , making irl specially suitable for the problem of apprenticeship learning . the task description is encoded in the form of a reward function of a markov decision process ( mdp ). several algorithms have been propose ←
→ unsupervised learning by predicting noise ; convolutional neural networks provide visual features that perform remarkably well in many computer vision applications . however , training these networks requires significant amounts of supervision . this paper introduces a generic framework to train deep networks , end - to - end , with no supervision . we propose to fix a set of target representations , called noise as targets ( nat ), and to constrain the deep features to align to them . this domain agnostic approach avoid ←
→ video highlights detection and summarization with lag - calibration based on concept - emotion mapping of crowd - sourced time - sync comments ; with the prevalence of video sharing , there are increasing demands for automatic video digestion such as highlight detection . recently , platforms with crowdsourced time - sync video comments have emerged worldwide , providing a good opportunity for highlight detection . however , this task is non - trivial : ( 1 ) time - sync comments often lag behind their corresponding shot ; ( 2 ) t ←
→ neural machine translation via binary code prediction ; in this paper , we propose a new method for calculating the output layer in neural machine translation systems . the method is based on predicting a binary code for each word and can reduce computation time / memory requirements of the output layer to be logarithmic in vocabulary size in the best case . in addition , we also introduce two advanced approaches to improve the robustness of the proposed model : using error - correcting codes and combining softmax a ←
→ link prediction in graphs with autoregressive features ; in the paper , we consider the problem of link prediction in time - evolving graphs . we assume that certain graph features , such as the node degree , follow a vector autoregressive ( var ) model and we propose to use this information to improve the accuracy of prediction . our strategy involves a joint optimization procedure over the space of adjacency matrices and var matrices which takes into account both sparsity and low rank properties of the matrices . o ←
→ predicting students ' performance using id3 and c4 . 5 classification algorithms ; an educational institution needs to have an approximate prior knowledge of enrolled students to predict their performance in future academics . this helps them to identify promising students and also provides them an opportunity to pay attention to and improve those who would probably get lower grades . as a solution , we have developed a system which can predict the performance of students from their previous performances using ←
→ scalable text and link analysis with mixed - topic link models ; many data sets contain rich information about objects , as well as pairwise relations between them . for instance , in networks of websites , scientific papers , and other documents , each node has content consisting of a collection of words , as well as hyperlinks or citations to other nodes . in order to perform inference on such data sets , and make predictions and recommendations , it is useful to have models that are able to capture the processes whi ←
→ truncating temporal differences : on the efficient implementation of td ( lambda ) for reinforcement learning ; temporal difference ( td ) methods constitute a class of methods for learning predictions in multi - step prediction problems , parameterized by a recency factor lambda . currently the most important application of these methods is to temporal credit assignment in reinforcement learning . well known reinforcement learning algorithms , such as ahc or q - learning , may be viewed as instances of td learning . thi ←
→ behavior subtraction ; background subtraction has been a driving engine for many computer vision and video analytics tasks . although its many variants exist , they all share the underlying assumption that photometric scene properties are either static or exhibit temporal stationarity . while this works in some applications , the model fails when one is interested in discovering {\ it changes in scene dynamics } rather than those in a static background ; detection of unusual pedestrian and motor traffic patterns i ←
→ algorithms for image analysis and combination of pattern classifiers with application to medical diagnosis ; medical informatics and the application of modern signal processing in the assistance of the diagnostic process in medical imaging is one of the more recent and active research areas today . this thesis addresses a variety of issues related to the general problem of medical image analysis , specifically in mammography , and presents a series of algorithms and design approaches for all the intermediate ←
→ wirtinger ' s calculus in general hilbert spaces ; the present report , has been inspired by the need of the author and its colleagues to understand the underlying theory of wirtinger ' s calculus and to further extend it to include the kernel case . the aim of the present manuscript is twofold : a ) it endeavors to provide a more rigorous presentation of the related material , focusing on aspects that the author finds more insightful and b ) it extends the notions of wirtinger ' s calculus on general hilbert spaces ( s ←
→ crossings as a side effect of dependency lengths ; the syntactic structure of sentences exhibits a striking regularity : dependencies tend to not cross when drawn above the sentence . we investigate two competing explanations . the traditional hypothesis is that this trend arises from an independent principle of syntax that reduces crossings practically to zero . an alternative to this view is the hypothesis that crossings are a side effect of dependency lengths , i . e . sentences with shorter dependency lengths s ←
→ a hierarchical recurrent encoder - decoder for generative context - aware query suggestion ; users may strive to formulate an adequate textual query for their information need . search engines assist the users by presenting query suggestions . to preserve the original search intent , suggestions should be context - aware and account for the previous queries issued by the user . achieving context awareness is challenging due to data sparsity . we present a probabilistic suggestion model that is able to account for se ←
→ caffe con troll : shallow ideas to speed up deep learning ; we present caffe con troll ( cct ), a fully compatible end - to - end version of the popular framework caffe with rebuilt internals . we built cct to examine the performance characteristics of training and deploying general - purpose convolutional neural networks across different hardware architectures . we find that , by employing standard batching optimizations for cpu training , we achieve a 4 . 5x throughput improvement over caffe on popular networks like caf ←
→ types of cost in inductive concept learning ; inductive concept learning is the task of learning to assign cases to a discrete set of classes . in real - world applications of concept learning , there are many different types of cost involved . the majority of the machine learning literature ignores all types of cost ( unless accuracy is interpreted as a type of cost measure ). a few papers have investigated the cost of misclassification errors . very few papers have examined the many other types of cost . in this p ←
→ recovery of damped exponentials using structured low rank matrix completion ; we introduce a structured low rank matrix completion algorithm to recover a series of images from their under - sampled measurements , where the signal along the parameter dimension at every pixel is described by a linear combination of exponentials . we exploit the exponential behavior of the signal at every pixel , along with the spatial smoothness of the exponential parameters to derive an annihilation relation in the fourier doma ←
→ efficient inference in fully connected crfs with gaussian edge potentials ; most state - of - the - art techniques for multi - class image segmentation and labeling use conditional random fields defined over pixels or image regions . while region - level models often feature dense pairwise connectivity , pixel - level models are considerably larger and have only permitted sparse graph structures . in this paper , we consider fully connected crf models defined on the complete set of pixels in an image . the resulting graph ←
→ probing the geometry of data with diffusion fréchet functions ; many complex ecosystems , such as those formed by multiple microbial taxa , involve intricate interactions amongst various sub - communities . the most basic relationships are frequently modeled as co - occurrence networks in which the nodes represent the various players in the community and the weighted edges encode levels of interaction . in this setting , the composition of a community may be viewed as a probability distribution on the nodes of the n ←
→ 3d human pose estimation = 2d pose estimation + matching ; we explore 3d human pose estimation from a single rgb image . while many approaches try to directly predict 3d pose from image measurements , we explore a simple architecture that reasons through intermediate 2d pose predictions . our approach is based on two key observations ( 1 ) deep neural nets have revolutionized 2d pose estimation , producing accurate 2d predictions even for poses with self occlusions . ( 2 ) big - data sets of 3d mocap data are now read ←
→ twitter as a lifeline : human - annotated twitter corpora for nlp of crisis - related messages ; microblogging platforms such as twitter provide active communication channels during mass convergence and emergency events such as earthquakes , typhoons . during the sudden onset of a crisis situation , affected people post useful information on twitter that can be used for situational awareness and other humanitarian disaster response efforts , if processed timely and effectively . processing social media information ←
→ viewpoint adaptation for rigid object detection ; an object detector performs suboptimally when applied to image data taken from a viewpoint different from the one with which it was trained . in this paper , we present a viewpoint adaptation algorithm that allows a trained single - view object detector to be adapted to a new , distinct viewpoint . we first illustrate how a feature space transformation can be inferred from a known homography between the source and target viewpoints . second , we show that a variety ←
→ structured language modeling for speech recognition ; a new language model for speech recognition is presented . the model develops hidden hierarchical syntactic - like structure incrementally and uses it to extract meaningful information from the word history , thus complementing the locality of currently used trigram models . the structured language model ( slm ) and its performance in a two - pass speech recognizer --- lattice decoding --- are presented . experiments on the wsj corpus show an improvement in both p ←
→ selective inference approach for statistically sound predictive pattern mining ; discovering statistically significant patterns from databases is an important challenging problem . the main obstacle of this problem is in the difficulty of taking into account the selection bias , i . e ., the bias arising from the fact that patterns are selected from extremely large number of candidates in databases . in this paper , we introduce a new approach for predictive pattern mining problems that can address the selection ←
→ object contour detection with a fully convolutional encoder - decoder network ; we develop a deep learning algorithm for contour detection with a fully convolutional encoder - decoder network . different from previous low - level edge detection , our algorithm focuses on detecting higher - level object contours . our network is trained end - to - end on pascal voc with refined ground truth from inaccurate polygon annotations , yielding much higher precision in object contour detection than previous methods . we find that ←
→ lightnn : filling the gap between conventional deep neural networks and binarized networks ; application - specific integrated circuit ( asic ) implementations for deep neural networks ( dnns ) have been adopted in many systems because of their higher classification speed . however , although they may be characterized by better accuracy , larger dnns require significant energy and area , thereby limiting their wide adoption . the energy consumption of dnns is driven by both memory accesses and computation . binarized ←
→ transfer learning for multi - center classification of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a lung disease which can be quantified using chest computed tomography ( ct ) scans . recent studies have shown that copd can be automatically diagnosed using weakly supervised learning of intensity and texture distributions . however , up till now such classifiers have only been evaluated on scans from a single domain , and it is unclear whether they would generalize acro ←
→ deep feature consistent variational autoencoder ; we present a novel method for constructing variational autoencoder ( vae ). instead of using pixel - by - pixel loss , we enforce deep feature consistency between the input and the output of a vae , which ensures the vae ' s output to preserve the spatial correlation characteristics of the input , thus leading the output to have a more natural visual appearance and better perceptual quality . based on recent deep learning works such as style transfer , we employ a pre - tr ←
→ a framework for intelligent multi agent system based neural network classification model ; tintelligent multi agent systems have great potentials to use in different purposes and research areas . one of the important issues to apply intelligent multi agent systems in real world and virtual environment is to develop a framework that support machine learning model to reflect the whole complexity of the real world . in this paper , we proposed a framework of intelligent agent based neural network classification ←
→ statistical guarantees for estimating the centers of a two - component gaussian mixture by em ; recently , a general method for analyzing the statistical accuracy of the em algorithm has been developed and applied to some simple latent variable models [ balakrishnan et al . 2016 ]. in that method , the basin of attraction for valid initialization is required to be a ball around the truth . using stein ' s lemma , we extend these results in the case of estimating the centers of a two - component gaussian mixture in $ d $←
→ advances in learning bayesian networks of bounded treewidth ; this work presents novel algorithms for learning bayesian network structures with bounded treewidth . both exact and approximate methods are developed . the exact method combines mixed - integer linear programming formulations for structure learning and treewidth computation . the approximate method consists in uniformly sampling $ k $- trees ( maximal graphs of treewidth $ k $), and subsequently selecting , exactly or approximately , the best structure whose ←
→ visual word selection without re - coding and re - pooling ; the bag - of - words ( bow ) representation is widely used in computer vision . the size of the codebook impacts the time and space complexity of the applications that use bow . thus , given a training set for a particular computer vision task , a key problem is pruning a large codebook to select only a subset of visual words . evaluating possible selections of words to be included in the pruned codebook can be computationally prohibitive ; in a brute - force schem ←
→ heavy - tailed analogues of the covariance matrix for ica ; independent component analysis ( ica ) is the problem of learning a square matrix $ a $, given samples of $ x = as $, where $ s $ is a random vector with independent coordinates . most existing algorithms are provably efficient only when each $ s_i $ has finite and moderately valued fourth moment . however , there are practical applications where this assumption need not be true , such as speech and finance . algorithms have been proposed for heavy - tailed ica , but th ←
→ exploiting anonymity in approximate linear programming : scaling to large multiagent mdps ( extended version ) ; many exact and approximate solution methods for markov decision processes ( mdps ) attempt to exploit structure in the problem and are based on factorization of the value function . especially multiagent settings , however , are known to suffer from an exponential increase in value component sizes as interactions become denser , meaning that approximation architectures are restricted in the problem size ←
→ encrypted statistical machine learning : new privacy preserving methods ; we present two new statistical machine learning methods designed to learn on fully homomorphic encrypted ( fhe ) data . the introduction of fhe schemes following gentry ( 2009 ) opens up the prospect of privacy preserving statistical machine learning analysis and modelling of encrypted data without compromising security constraints . we propose tailored algorithms for applying extremely random forests , involving a new cryptographic stochasti ←
→ a convex formulation for mixed regression with two components : minimax optimal rates ; we consider the mixed regression problem with two components , under adversarial and stochastic noise . we give a convex optimization formulation that provably recovers the true solution , and provide upper bounds on the recovery errors for both arbitrary noise and stochastic noise settings . we also give matching minimax lower bounds ( up to log factors ), showing that under certain assumptions , our algorithm is information -←
→ additive margin softmax for face verification ; in this paper , we propose a conceptually simple and geometrically interpretable objective function , i . e . additive margin softmax ( am - softmax ), for deep face verification . in general , the face verification task can be viewed as a metric learning problem , so learning large - margin face features whose intra - class variation is small and inter - class difference is large is of great importance in order to achieve good performance . recently , large - margin softmax and an ←
→ a parameter - free affinity based clustering ; several methods have been proposed to estimate the number of clusters in a dataset ; the basic ideal behind all of them has been to study an index that measures inter - cluster separation and intra - cluster cohesion over a range of cluster numbers and report the number which gives an optimum value of the index . in this paper we propose a simple , parameter free approach that is like human cognition to form clusters , where closely lying points are easily identified to ←
→ a spectral learning approach to range - only slam ; we present a novel spectral learning algorithm for simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ) from range data with known correspondences . this algorithm is an instance of a general spectral system identification framework , from which it inherits several desirable properties , including statistical consistency and no local optima . compared with popular batch optimization or multiple - hypothesis tracking ( mht ) methods for range - only slam , our spectral approach ←
→ recod titans at isic challenge 2017 ; this extended abstract describes the participation of recod titans in parts 1 and 3 of the isic challenge 2017 " skin lesion analysis towards melanoma detection " ( isbi 2017 ). although our team has a long experience with melanoma classification , the isic challenge 2017 was the very first time we worked on skin - lesion segmentation . for part 1 ( segmentation ), our final submission used four of our models : two trained with all 2000 samples , without a validation split , for 250 ←
→ learning overcomplete hmms ; we study the problem of learning overcomplete hmms --- those that have many hidden states but a small output alphabet . despite having significant practical importance , such hmms are poorly understood with no known positive or negative results for efficient learning . in this paper , we present several new results --- both positive and negative --- which help define the boundaries between the tractable and intractable settings . specifically , we show positive results for a large subclass ←
→ unsupervised risk estimation using only conditional independence structure ; we show how to estimate a model ' s test error from unlabeled data , on distributions very different from the training distribution , while assuming only that certain conditional independencies are preserved between train and test . we do not need to assume that the optimal predictor is the same between train and test , or that the true distribution lies in any parametric family . we can also efficiently differentiate the error estimate ←
→ skincure : an innovative smart phone - based application to assist in melanoma early detection and prevention ; melanoma spreads through metastasis , and therefore it has been proven to be very fatal . statistical evidence has revealed that the majority of deaths resulting from skin cancer are as a result of melanoma . further investigations have shown that the survival rates in patients depend on the stage of the infection ; early detection and intervention of melanoma implicates higher chances of cure . clinica ←
→ parameter identification in markov chain choice models ; this work studies the parameter identification problem for the markov chain choice model of blanchet , gallego , and goyal used in assortment planning . in this model , the product selected by a customer is determined by a markov chain over the products , where the products in the offered assortment are absorbing states . the underlying parameters of the model were previously shown to be identifiable from the choice probabilities for the all - products assort ←
→ a dyadic solution of relative pose problems ; a hierarchical interval subdivision is shown to lead to a $ p $- adic encoding of image data . this allows in the case of the relative pose problem in computer vision and photogrammetry to derive equations having 2 - adic numbers as coefficients , and to use hensel ' s lifting method to their solution . this method is applied to the linear and non - linear equations coming from eight , seven or five point correspondences . an inherent property of the method is its robustness .←
→ 1st international workshop on distributed evolutionary computation in informal environments ; online conference proceedings for the iwdecie workshop , taking place in new orleans on june 5th , 2011 . the workshop focuses on non - conventional implementations of bioinspired algorithms and its conceptual implications .←
→ minos : multimodal indoor simulator for navigation in complex environments ; we present minos , a simulator designed to support the development of multisensory models for goal - directed navigation in complex indoor environments . the simulator leverages large datasets of complex 3d environments and supports flexible configuration of multimodal sensor suites . we use minos to benchmark deep - learning - based navigation methods , to analyze the influence of environmental complexity on navigation performance , and to ←
→ saliency prediction for mobile user interfaces ; we introduce models for saliency prediction for mobile user interfaces . a mobile interface may include elements like buttons , text , etc . in addition to natural images which enable performing a variety of tasks . saliency in natural images is a well studied area . however , given the difference in what constitutes a mobile interface , and the usage context of these devices , we postulate that saliency prediction for mobile interface images requires a fresh approach ←
→ distance and similarity measures effect on the performance of k - nearest neighbor classifier - a review ; the k - nearest neighbor ( knn ) classifier is one of the simplest and most common classifiers , yet its performance competes with the most complex classifiers in the literature . the core of this classifier depends mainly on measuring the distance or similarity between the tested example and the training examples . this raises a major question about which distance measures to be used for the knn classifier a ←
→ learning blind motion deblurring ; as handheld video cameras are now commonplace and available in every smartphone , images and videos can be recorded almost everywhere at anytime . however , taking a quick shot frequently yields a blurry result due to unwanted camera shake during recording or moving objects in the scene . removing these artifacts from the blurry recordings is a highly ill - posed problem as neither the sharp image nor the motion blur kernel is known . propagating information between multiple cons ←
→ robust surface reconstruction from gradients via adaptive dictionary regularization ; this paper introduces a novel approach to robust surface reconstruction from photometric stereo normal vector maps that is particularly well - suited for reconstructing surfaces from noisy gradients . specifically , we propose an adaptive dictionary learning based approach that attempts to simultaneously integrate the gradient fields while sparsely representing the spatial patches of the reconstructed surface in an adaptive ←
→ conformalized kernel ridge regression ; general predictive models do not provide a measure of confidence in predictions without bayesian assumptions . a way to circumvent potential restrictions is to use conformal methods for constructing non - parametric confidence regions , that offer guarantees regarding validity . in this paper we provide a detailed description of a computationally efficient conformal procedure for kernel ridge regression ( krr ), and conduct a comparative numerical study to see how well confo ←
→ identifying individual facial expressions by deconstructing a neural network ; this paper focuses on the problem of explaining predictions of psychological attributes such as attractiveness , happiness , confidence and intelligence from face photographs using deep neural networks . since psychological attribute datasets typically suffer from small sample sizes , we apply transfer learning with two base models to avoid overfitting . these models were trained on an age and gender prediction task , respectively . u ←
→ multiple instance hybrid estimator for hyperspectral target characterization and sub - pixel target detection ; the multiple instance hybrid estimator for discriminative target characterization from imprecisely labeled hyperspectral data is presented . in many hyperspectral target detection problems , acquiring accurately labeled training data is difficult . furthermore , each pixel containing target is likely to be a mixture of both target and non - target signatures ( i . e ., sub - pixel targets ), making extracting ←
→ application of advanced record linkage techniques for complex population reconstruction ; record linkage is the process of identifying records that refer to the same entities from several databases . this process is challenging because commonly no unique entity identifiers are available . linkage therefore has to rely on partially identifying attributes , such as names and addresses of people . recent years have seen the development of novel techniques for linking data from diverse application areas , where a ←
→ scalable generalized linear bandits : online computation and hashing ; generalized linear bandits ( glbs ), a natural extension of the stochastic linear bandits , has been popular and successful in recent years . however , existing glbs scale poorly with the number of rounds and the number of arms , limiting their utility in practice . this paper proposes new , scalable solutions to the glb problem in two respects . first , unlike existing glbs , whose per - time - step space and time complexity grow at least linearly with ←
→ coresets for kinematic data : from theorems to real - time systems ; a coreset ( or core - set ) of a dataset is its semantic compression with respect to a set of queries , such that querying the ( small ) coreset provably yields an approximate answer to querying the original ( full ) dataset . in the last decade , coresets provided breakthroughs in theoretical computer science for approximation algorithms , and more recently , in the machine learning community for learning " big data ". however , we are not aware of real - tim ←
→ adapting the stochastic block model to edge - weighted networks ; we generalize the stochastic block model to the important case in which edges are annotated with weights drawn from an exponential family distribution . this generalization introduces several technical difficulties for model estimation , which we solve using a bayesian approach . we introduce a variational algorithm that efficiently approximates the model ' s posterior distribution for dense graphs . in specific numerical experiments on edge - weighted ←
→ an analysis of 1 - to - first matching in iris recognition ; iris recognition systems are a mature technology that is widely used throughout the world . in identification ( as opposed to verification ) mode , an iris to be recognized is typically matched against all n enrolled irises . this is the classic " 1 - to - n search ". in order to improve the speed of large - scale identification , a modified " 1 - to - first " search has been used in some operational systems . a 1 - to - first search terminates with the first below - threshold ←
→ a new computational schema for euphonic conjunctions in sanskrit processing ; automated language processing is central to the drive to enable facilitated referencing of increasingly available sanskrit e texts . the first step towards processing sanskrit text involves the handling of sanskrit compound words that are an integral part of sanskrit texts . this firstly necessitates the processing of euphonic conjunctions or sandhis , which are points in words or between words , at which adjacent letters coalesce a ←
→ logic learning in hopfield networks ; synaptic weights for neurons in logic programming can be calculated either by using hebbian learning or by wan abdullah ' s method . in other words , hebbian learning for governing events corresponding to some respective program clauses is equivalent with learning using wan abdullah ' s method for the same respective program clauses . in this paper we will evaluate experimentally the equivalence between these two types of learning through computer simulations .←
→ tractable combinations of global constraints ; we study the complexity of constraint satisfaction problems involving global constraints , i . e ., special - purpose constraints provided by a solver and represented implicitly by a parametrised algorithm . such constraints are widely used ; indeed , they are one of the key reasons for the success of constraint programming in solving real - world problems . previous work has focused on the development of efficient propagators for individual constraints . in this paper , w ←
→ expectation particle belief propagation ; we propose an original particle - based implementation of the loopy belief propagation ( lpb ) algorithm for pairwise markov random fields ( mrf ) on a continuous state space . the algorithm constructs adaptively efficient proposal distributions approximating the local beliefs at each note of the mrf . this is achieved by considering proposal distributions in the exponential family whose parameters are updated iterately in an expectation propagation ( ep ) framework . the prop ←
→ ai challenger : a large - scale dataset for going deeper in image understanding ; significant progress has been achieved in computer vision by leveraging large - scale image datasets . however , large - scale datasets for complex computer vision tasks beyond classification are still limited . this paper proposed a large - scale dataset named aic ( ai challenger ) with three sub - datasets , human keypoint detection ( hkd ), large - scale attribute dataset ( lad ) and image chinese captioning ( icc ). in this dataset , we annotate ←
→ copula - based kernel dependency measures ; the paper presents a new copula based method for measuring dependence between random variables . our approach extends the maximum mean discrepancy to the copula of the joint distribution . we prove that this approach has several advantageous properties . similarly to shannon mutual information , the proposed dependence measure is invariant to any strictly increasing transformation of the marginal variables . this is important in many applications , for example in feature ←
→ denoising adversarial autoencoders : classifying skin lesions using limited labelled training data ; we propose a novel deep learning model for classifying medical images in the setting where there is a large amount of unlabelled medical data available , but labelled data is in limited supply . we consider the specific case of classifying skin lesions as either malignant or benign . in this setting , the proposed approach -- the semi - supervised , denoising adversarial autoencoder -- is able to utilise vast amou ←
→ sap speaks pddl : exploiting a software - engineering model for planning in business process management ; planning is concerned with the automated solution of action sequencing problems described in declarative languages giving the action preconditions and effects . one important application area for such technology is the creation of new processes in business process management ( bpm ), which is essential in an ever more dynamic business environment . a major obstacle for the application of planning in this are ←
→ learning with a drifting target concept ; we study the problem of learning in the presence of a drifting target concept . specifically , we provide bounds on the error rate at a given time , given a learner with access to a history of independent samples labeled according to a target concept that can change on each round . one of our main contributions is a refinement of the best previous results for polynomial - time algorithms for the space of linear separators under a uniform distribution . we also provide gene ←
→ discriminative block - diagonal representation learning for image recognition ; existing block - diagonal representation researches mainly focuses on casting block - diagonal regularization on training data , while only little attention is dedicated to concurrently learning both block - diagonal representations of training and test data . in this paper , we propose a discriminative block - diagonal low - rank representation ( bdlrr ) method for recognition . in particular , the elaborate bdlrr is formulated as a joint optim ←
→ belief revision in structured probabilistic argumentation ; in real - world applications , knowledge bases consisting of all the information at hand for a specific domain , along with the current state of affairs , are bound to contain contradictory data coming from different sources , as well as data with varying degrees of uncertainty attached . likewise , an important aspect of the effort associated with maintaining knowledge bases is deciding what information is no longer useful ; pieces of information ( such as ←
→ spatio - temporal lstm with trust gates for 3d human action recognition ; 3d action recognition - analysis of human actions based on 3d skeleton data - becomes popular recently due to its succinctness , robustness , and view - invariant representation . recent attempts on this problem suggested to develop rnn - based learning methods to model the contextual dependency in the temporal domain . in this paper , we extend this idea to spatio - temporal domains to analyze the hidden sources of action - related information with ←
→ multiresolution approach to acceleration of iterative image reconstruction for x - ray imaging for security applications ; three - dimensional x - ray ct image reconstruction in baggage scanning in security applications is an important research field . the variety of materials to be reconstructed is broader than medical x - ray imaging . presence of high attenuating materials such as metal may cause artifacts if analytical reconstruction methods are used . statistical modeling and the resultant iterative algorithms ←
→ evolution of swarming behavior is shaped by how predators attack ; animal grouping behaviors have been widely studied due to their implications for understanding social intelligence , collective cognition , and potential applications in engineering , artificial intelligence , and robotics . an important biological aspect of these studies is discerning which selection pressures favor the evolution of grouping behavior . in the past decade , researchers have begun using evolutionary computation to study the evolutio ←
→ xgan : unsupervised image - to - image translation for many - to - many mappings ; style transfer usually refers to the task of applying color and texture information from a specific style image to a given content image while preserving the structure of the latter . here we tackle the more generic problem of semantic style transfer : given two unpaired collections of images , we aim to learn a mapping between the corpus - level style of each collection , while preserving semantic content shared across the two domains . we ←
→ synchronization detection and recovery of steganographic messages with adversarial learning ; as a means for secret communication , steganography aims at concealing a message within a medium such that the presence of the hidden message can hardly be detected . in computer vision tasks , adversarial training has be - come a competitive learning method to generate images . however , the gen - erative tasks are confronted with great challenge on synthesizing images . this paper studies the mechanism of applying advers ←
→ modelling interaction of sentence pair with coupled - lstms ; recently , there is rising interest in modelling the interactions of two sentences with deep neural networks . however , most of the existing methods encode two sequences with separate encoders , in which a sentence is encoded with little or no information from the other sentence . in this paper , we propose a deep architecture to model the strong interaction of sentence pair with two coupled - lstms . specifically , we introduce two coupled ways to model th ←
→ a strongly quasiconvex pac - bayesian bound ; we propose a new pac - bayesian bound and a way of constructing a hypothesis space , so that the bound is convex in the posterior distribution and also convex in a trade - off parameter between empirical performance of the posterior distribution and its complexity . the complexity is measured by the kullback - leibler divergence to a prior . we derive an alternating procedure for minimizing the bound . we show that the bound can be rewritten as a one - dimensional function of ←
→ ifp - intuitionistic fuzzy soft set theory and its applications ; in this work , we present definition of intuitionistic fuzzy parameterized ( ifp ) intuitionistic fuzzy soft set and its operations . then we define ifp - aggregation operator to form ifp - intuitionistic fuzzy soft - decision - making method which allows constructing more efficient decision processes .←
→ convex optimization for big data ; this article reviews recent advances in convex optimization algorithms for big data , which aim to reduce the computational , storage , and communications bottlenecks . we provide an overview of this emerging field , describe contemporary approximation techniques like first - order methods and randomization for scalability , and survey the important role of parallel and distributed computation . the new big data algorithms are based on surprisingly simple principles and attain stag ←
→ motion prediction under multimodality with conditional stochastic networks ; given a visual history , multiple future outcomes for a video scene are equally probable , in other words , the distribution of future outcomes has multiple modes . multimodality is notoriously hard to handle by standard regressors or classifiers : the former regress to the mean and the latter discretize a continuous high dimensional output space . in this work , we present stochastic neural network architectures that handle such multim ←
→ stochastic separation theorems ; the problem of non - iterative one - shot and non - destructive correction of unavoidable mistakes arises in all artificial intelligence applications in the real world . its solution requires robust separation of samples with errors from samples where the system works properly . we demonstrate that in ( moderately ) high dimension this separation could be achieved with probability close to one by linear discriminants . surprisingly , separation of a new image from a very large set of kn ←
→ self - supervised learning for spinal mris ; a significant proportion of patients scanned in a clinical setting have follow - up scans . we show in this work that such longitudinal scans alone can be used as a form of ' free ' self - supervision for training a deep network . we demonstrate this self - supervised learning for the case of t2 - weighted sagittal lumbar magnetic resonance images ( mris ). a siamese convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is trained using two losses : ( i ) a contrastive loss on whether the scan is of ←
→ an extended cencov - campbell characterization of conditional information geometry ; we formulate and prove an axiomatic characterization of conditional information geometry , for both the normalized and the nonnormalized cases . this characterization extends the axiomatic derivation of the fisher geometry by cencov and campbell to the cone of positive conditional models , and as a special case to the manifold of conditional distributions . due to the close connection between the conditional i - divergence and th ←
→ feature selection for classification with class - separability strategy and data envelopment analysis ; in this paper , a novel feature selection method is presented , which is based on class - separability ( cs ) strategy and data envelopment analysis ( dea ). to better capture the relationship between features and the class , class labels are separated into individual variables and relevance and redundancy are explicitly handled on each class label . super - efficiency dea is employed to evaluate and rank features vi ←
→ continuous multiclass labeling approaches and algorithms ; we study convex relaxations of the image labeling problem on a continuous domain with regularizers based on metric interaction potentials . the generic framework ensures existence of minimizers and covers a wide range of relaxations of the originally combinatorial problem . we focus on two specific relaxations that differ in flexibility and simplicity -- one can be used to tightly relax any metric interaction potential , while the other one only covers ←
→ rectified factor networks ; we propose rectified factor networks ( rfns ) to efficiently construct very sparse , non - linear , high - dimensional representations of the input . rfn models identify rare and small events in the input , have a low interference between code units , have a small reconstruction error , and explain the data covariance structure . rfn learning is a generalized alternating minimization algorithm derived from the posterior regularization method which enforces non - negative and normalized posterio ←
→ on the hardness of inventory management with censored demand data ; we consider a repeated newsvendor problem where the inventory manager has no prior information about the demand , and can access only censored / sales data . in analogy to multi - armed bandit problems , the manager needs to simultaneously " explore " and " exploit " with her inventory decisions , in order to minimize the cumulative cost . we make no probabilistic assumptions --- importantly , independence or time stationarity --- regarding the mechanism tha ←
→ self super - resolution for magnetic resonance images using deep networks ; high resolution magnetic resonance ~( mr ) imaging ~( mri ) is desirable in many clinical applications , however , there is a trade - off between resolution , speed of acquisition , and noise . it is common for mr images to have worse through - plane resolution ~( slice thickness ) than in - plane resolution . in these mri images , high frequency information in the through - plane direction is not acquired , and cannot be resolved through interpolation . to ad ←
→ decision structure of risky choice ; as we know , there is a controversy about the decision making under risk between economists and psychologists . we discuss to build a unified theory of risky choice , which would explain both of compensatory and non - compensatory theories . for risky choice , according to cognition ability , we argue that people could not build a continuous and accurate subjective probability world , but several order concepts , such as small , middle and large probability . people make decisions b ←
→ object manipulation learning by imitation ; we aim to enable robot to learn object manipulation by imitation . given external observations of demonstrations on object manipulations , we believe that two underlying problems to address in learning by imitation is 1 ) segment a given demonstration into skills that can be individually learned and reused , and 2 ) formulate the correct rl ( reinforcement learning ) problem that only considers the relevant aspects of each skill so that the policy for each skill can be e ←
→ an upper bound on prototype set size for condensed nearest neighbor ; the condensed nearest neighbor ( cnn ) algorithm is a heuristic for reducing the number of prototypical points stored by a nearest neighbor classifier , while keeping the classification rule given by the reduced prototypical set consistent with the full set . i present an upper bound on the number of prototypical points accumulated by cnn . the bound originates in a bound on the number of times the decision rule is updated during training in t ←
→ frame interpolation with multi - scale deep loss functions and generative adversarial networks ; frame interpolation attempts to synthesise intermediate frames given one or more consecutive video frames . in recent years , deep learning approaches , and in particular convolutional neural networks , have succeeded at tackling low - and high - level computer vision problems including frame interpolation . there are two main pursuits in this line of research , namely algorithm efficiency and reconstruction quality . in ←
→ discriminative map retrieval using view - dependent map descriptor ; map retrieval , the problem of similarity search over a large collection of 2d pointset maps previously built by mobile robots , is crucial for autonomous navigation in indoor and outdoor environments . bag - of - words ( bow ) methods constitute a popular approach to map retrieval ; however , these methods have extremely limited descriptive ability because they ignore the spatial layout information of the local features . the main contribution of this ←
→ emergent network structure , evolvable robustness and non - linear effects of point mutations in an artificial genome model ; genetic regulation is a key component in development , but a clear understanding of the structure and dynamics of genetic networks is not yet at hand . in this paper we investigate these properties within an artificial genome model originally introduced by reil ( 1999 ). we analyze statistical properties of randomly generated genomes both on the sequence - and network level , and show that ←
→ linear vs nonlinear extreme learning machine for spectral - spatial classification of hyperspectral image ; as a new machine learning approach , extreme learning machine ( elm ) has received wide attentions due to its good performances . however , when directly applied to the hyperspectral image ( hsi ) classification , the recognition rate is too low . this is because elm does not use the spatial information which is very important for hsi classification . in view of this , this paper proposes a new framework for spe ←
→ new confidence measures for statistical machine translation ; a confidence measure is able to estimate the reliability of an hypothesis provided by a machine translation system . the problem of confidence measure can be seen as a process of testing : we want to decide whether the most probable sequence of words provided by the machine translation system is correct or not . in the following we describe several original word - level confidence measures for machine translation , based on mutual information , n - gram ←
→ spread unary coding ; unary coding is useful but it is redundant in its standard form . unary coding can also be seen as spatial coding where the value of the number is determined by its place in an array . motivated by biological finding that several neurons in the vicinity represent the same number , we propose a variant of unary numeration in its spatial form , where each number is represented by several 1s . we call this spread unary coding where the number of 1s used is the spread of the code . spread unary ←
→ making life better one large system at a time : challenges for uai research ; the rapid growth and diversity in service offerings and the ensuing complexity of information technology ecosystems present numerous management challenges ( both operational and strategic ). instrumentation and measurement technology is , by and large , keeping pace with this development and growth . however , the algorithms , tools , and technology required to transform the data into relevant information for decision making are not . the ←
→ solution of system of linear equations - a neuro - fuzzy approach ; neuro - fuzzy modeling has been applied in a wide variety of fields such as decision making , engineering and management sciences etc . in particular , applications of this modeling technique in decision making by involving complex systems of linear algebraic equations have remarkable significance . in this paper , we present polak - ribiere conjugate gradient based neural network with fuzzy rules to solve system of simultaneous linear algebraic equat ←
→ approximate modified policy iteration ; modified policy iteration ( mpi ) is a dynamic programming ( dp ) algorithm that contains the two celebrated policy and value iteration methods . despite its generality , mpi has not been thoroughly studied , especially its approximation form which is used when the state and / or action spaces are large or infinite . in this paper , we propose three implementations of approximate mpi ( ampi ) that are extensions of well - known approximate dp algorithms : fitted - value iteration , fitt ←
→ visualizing nlp annotations for crowdsourcing ; visualizing nlp annotation is useful for the collection of training data for the statistical nlp approaches . existing toolkits either provide limited visual aid , or introduce comprehensive operators to realize sophisticated linguistic rules . workers must be well trained to use them . their audience thus can hardly be scaled to large amounts of non - expert crowdsourced workers . in this paper , we present crowdanno , a visualization toolkit to allow crowd - sourced wo ←
→ predicting distributions with linearizing belief networks ; conditional belief networks introduce stochastic binary variables in neural networks . contrary to a classical neural network , a belief network can predict more than the expected value of the output $ y $ given the input $ x $. it can predict a distribution of outputs $ y $ which is useful when an input can admit multiple outputs whose average is not necessarily a valid answer . such networks are particularly relevant to inverse problems such as image pred ←
→ conditional cyclegan for attribute guided face image generation ; state - of - the - art techniques in generative adversarial networks ( gans ) such as cyclegan is able to learn the mapping of one image domain $ x $ to another image domain $ y $ using unpaired image data . we extend the cyclegan to ${\ it conditional }$ cyclegan such that the mapping from $ x $ to $ y $ is subjected to attribute condition $ z $. using face image generation as an application example , where $ x $ is a low resolution face image , $ y $ is a high resolu ←
→ the augmented complex kernel lms ; recently , a unified framework for adaptive kernel based signal processing of complex data was presented by the authors , which , besides offering techniques to map the input data to complex reproducing kernel hilbert spaces , developed a suitable wirtinger - like calculus for general hilbert spaces . in this short paper , the extended wirtinger ' s calculus is adopted to derive complex kernel - based widely - linear estimation filters . furthermore , we illuminate several important chara ←
→ generalized beta mixtures of gaussians ; in recent years , a rich variety of shrinkage priors have been proposed that have great promise in addressing massive regression problems . in general , these new priors can be expressed as scale mixtures of normals , but have more complex forms and better properties than traditional cauchy and double exponential priors . we first propose a new class of normal scale mixtures through a novel generalized beta distribution that encompasses many interesting priors as special ←
→ fractional order load - frequency control of interconnected power systems using chaotic multi - objective optimization ; fractional order proportional - integral - derivative ( fopid ) controllers are designed for load frequency control ( lfc ) of two interconnected power systems . conflicting time domain design objectives are considered in a multi objective optimization ( moo ) based design framework to design the gains and the fractional differ - integral orders of the fopid controllers in the two areas . here , we explor ←
→ attend in groups : a weakly - supervised deep learning framework for learning from web data ; large - scale datasets have driven the rapid development of deep neural networks for visual recognition . however , annotating a massive dataset is expensive and time - consuming . web images and their labels are , in comparison , much easier to obtain , but direct training on such automatically harvested images can lead to unsatisfactory performance , because the noisy labels of web images adversely affect the learned recogni ←
→ using cross - model egosupervision to learn cooperative basketball intention ; we present a first - person method for cooperative basketball intention prediction : we predict with whom the camera wearer will cooperate in the near future from unlabeled first - person images . this is a challenging task that requires inferring the camera wearer ' s visual attention , and decoding the social cues of other players . our key observation is that a first - person view provides strong cues to infer the camera wearer ' s momentar ←
→ density - based region search with arbitrary shape for object localization ; region search is widely used for object localization . typically , the region search methods project the score of a classifier into an image plane , and then search the region with the maximal score . the recently proposed region search methods , such as efficient subwindow search and efficient region search , % which localize objects from the score distribution on an image are much more efficient than sliding window search . however , for so ←
→ human and smart machine co - learning with brain computer interface ; machine learning has become a very popular approach for cybernetics systems , and it has always been considered important research in the computational intelligence area . nevertheless , when it comes to smart machines , it is not just about the methodologies . we need to consider systems and cybernetics as well as include human in the loop . the purpose of this article is as follows : ( 1 ) to integrate the open source facebook ai research ( fair ) d ←
→ thompson sampling guided stochastic searching on the line for deceptive environments with applications to root - finding problems ; the multi - armed bandit problem forms the foundation for solving a wide range of on - line stochastic optimization problems through a simple , yet effective mechanism . one simply casts the problem as a gambler that repeatedly pulls one out of n slot machine arms , eliciting random rewards . learning of reward probabilities is then combined with reward maximization , by carefully balan ←
→ multiple models of bayesian networks applied to offline recognition of arabic handwritten city names ; in this paper we address the problem of offline arabic handwriting word recognition . off - line recognition of handwritten words is a difficult task due to the high variability and uncertainty of human writing . the majority of the recent systems are constrained by the size of the lexicon to deal with and the number of writers . in this paper , we propose an approach for multi - writers arabic handwritten words ←
→ the deep ritz method : a deep learning - based numerical algorithm for solving variational problems ; we propose a deep learning based method , the deep ritz method , for numerically solving variational problems , particularly the ones that arise from partial differential equations . the deep ritz method is naturally nonlinear , naturally adaptive and has the potential to work in rather high dimensions . the framework is quite simple and fits well with the stochastic gradient descent method used in deep learning . ←
→ birnet : brain image registration using dual - supervised fully convolutional networks ; in this paper , we propose a deep learning approach for image registration by predicting deformation from image appearance . since obtaining ground - truth deformation fields for training can be challenging , we design a fully convolutional network that is subject to dual - guidance : ( 1 ) coarse guidance using deformation fields obtained by an existing registration method ; and ( 2 ) fine guidance using image similarity . the latter ←
→ trajectory - based radical analysis network for online handwritten chinese character recognition ; recently , great progress has been made for online handwritten chinese character recognition due to the emergence of deep learning techniques . however , previous research mostly treated each chinese character as one class without explicitly considering its inherent structure , namely the radical components with complicated geometry . in this study , we propose a novel trajectory - based radical analysis network ( tran ←
→ interaction networks for learning about objects , relations and physics ; reasoning about objects , relations , and physics is central to human intelligence , and a key goal of artificial intelligence . here we introduce the interaction network , a model which can reason about how objects in complex systems interact , supporting dynamical predictions , as well as inferences about the abstract properties of the system . our model takes graphs as input , performs object - and relation - centric reasoning in a way that is ←
→ protein contact prediction by integrating joint evolutionary coupling analysis and supervised learning ; protein contacts contain important information for protein structure and functional study , but contact prediction from sequence remains very challenging . both evolutionary coupling ( ec ) analysis and supervised machine learning methods are developed to predict contacts , making use of different types of information , respectively . this paper presents a group graphical lasso ( ggl ) method for contact predic ←
→ an evaluation of large - scale methods for image instance and class discovery ; this paper aims at discovering meaningful subsets of related images from large image collections without annotations . we search groups of images related at different levels of semantic , i . e ., either instances or visual classes . while k - means is usually considered as the gold standard for this task , we evaluate and show the interest of diffusion methods that have been neglected by the state of the art , such as the markov clusteri ←
→ hitting times of local and global optima in genetic algorithms with very high selection pressure ; the paper is devoted to upper bounds on the expected first hitting times of the sets of local or global optima for non - elitist genetic algorithms with very high selection pressure . the results of this paper extend the range of situations where the upper bounds on the expected runtime are known for genetic algorithms and apply , in particular , to the canonical genetic algorithm . the obtained bounds do not requ ←
→ boosting named entity recognition with neural character embeddings ; most state - of - the - art named entity recognition ( ner ) systems rely on handcrafted features and on the output of other nlp tasks such as part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging and text chunking . in this work we propose a language - independent ner system that uses automatically learned features only . our approach is based on the charwnn deep neural network , which uses word - level and character - level representations ( embeddings ) to perform sequential clas ←
→ all - relevant feature selection using multidimensional filters with exhaustive search ; this paper describes a method for identification of the informative variables in the information system with discrete decision variables . it is targeted specifically towards discovery of the variables that are non - informative when considered alone , but are informative when the synergistic interactions between multiple variables are considered . to this end , the mutual entropy of all possible k - tuples of variables with de ←
→ algorithm guided outlining of 105 pancreatic cancer liver metastases in ultrasound ; manual segmentation of hepatic metastases in ultrasound images acquired from patients suffering from pancreatic cancer is common practice . semiautomatic measurements promising assistance in this process are often assessed using a small number of lesions performed by examiners who already know the algorithm . in this work , we present the application of an algorithm for the segmentation of liver metastases due to pancreatic ←
→ multiple identifications in multi - armed bandits ; we study the problem of identifying the top $ m $ arms in a multi - armed bandit game . our proposed solution relies on a new algorithm based on successive rejects of the seemingly bad arms , and successive accepts of the good ones . this algorithmic contribution allows to tackle other multiple identifications settings that were previously out of reach . in particular we show that this idea of successive accepts and rejects applies to the multi - bandit best arm ident ←
→ on sampling from the gibbs distribution with random maximum a - posteriori perturbations ; in this paper we describe how map inference can be used to sample efficiently from gibbs distributions . specifically , we provide means for drawing either approximate or unbiased samples from gibbs ' distributions by introducing low dimensional perturbations and solving the corresponding map assignments . our approach also leads to new ways to derive lower bounds on partition functions . we demonstrate empirically that ou ←
→ detection of microcalcification in mammograms using wavelet transform and fuzzy shell clustering ; microcalcifications in mammogram have been mainly targeted as a reliable earliest sign of breast cancer and their early detection is vital to improve its prognosis . since their size is very small and may be easily overlooked by the examining radiologist , computer - based detection output can assist the radiologist to improve the diagnostic accuracy . in this paper , we have proposed an algorithm for detecting mi ←
→ clustering with lattices in the analysis of graph patterns ; mining frequent subgraphs is an area of research where we have a given set of graphs ( each graph can be seen as a transaction ), and we search for ( connected ) subgraphs contained in many of these graphs . in this work we will discuss techniques used in our framework lattice2sar for mining and analysing frequent subgraph data and their corresponding lattice information . lattice information is provided by the graph mining algorithm gspan ; it contains ←
→ pcm - tv - tfv : a novel two stage framework for image reconstruction from fourier data ; we propose in this paper a novel two - stage projection correction modeling ( pcm ) framework for image reconstruction from ( non - uniform ) fourier measurements . pcm consists of a projection stage ( p - stage ) motivated by the multi - scale galerkin method and a correction stage ( c - stage ) with an edge guided regularity fusing together the advantages of total variation ( tv ) and total fractional variation ( tfv ). the p - stage allows for ←
→ an autoencoder approach to learning bilingual word representations ; cross - language learning allows us to use training data from one language to build models for a different language . many approaches to bilingual learning require that we have word - level alignment of sentences from parallel corpora . in this work we explore the use of autoencoder - based methods for cross - language learning of vectorial word representations that are aligned between two languages , while not relying on word - level alignments . we sh ←
→ misdirected registration uncertainty ; being a task of establishing spatial correspondences , medical image registration is often formalized as finding the optimal transformation that best aligns two images . since the transformation is such an essential component of registration , most existing researches conventionally quantify the registration uncertainty , which is the confidence in the estimated spatial correspondences , by the transformation uncertainty . in this paper , we give concrete examples and reveal ←
→ graph regularized tensor sparse coding for image representation ; sparse coding ( sc ) is an unsupervised learning scheme that has received an increasing amount of interests in recent years . however , conventional sc vectorizes the input images , which destructs the intrinsic spatial structures of the images . in this paper , we propose a novel graph regularized tensor sparse coding ( gtsc ) for image representation . gtsc preserves the local proximity of elementary structures in the image by adopting the newly prop ←
→ collaborative filtering using denoising auto - encoders for market basket data ; recommender systems ( rs ) help users navigate large sets of items in the search for " interesting " ones . one approach to rs is collaborative filtering ( cf ), which is based on the idea that similar users are interested in similar items . most model - based approaches to cf seek to train a machine - learning / data - mining model based on sparse data ; the model is then used to provide recommendations . while most of the proposed approaches a ←
→ fuzzy based implicit sentiment analysis on quantitative sentences ; with the rapid growth of social media on the web , emotional polarity computation has become a flourishing frontier in the text mining community . however , it is challenging to understand the latest trends and summarize the state or general opinions about products due to the big diversity and size of social media data and this creates the need of automated and real time opinion extraction and mining . on the other hand , the bulk of current res ←
→ regression - based image alignment for general object categories ; gradient - descent methods have exhibited fast and reliable performance for image alignment in the facial domain , but have largely been ignored by the broader vision community . they require the image function be smooth and ( numerically ) differentiable -- properties that hold for pixel - based representations obeying natural image statistics , but not for more general classes of non - linear feature transforms . we show that transforms such as dense si ←
→ symbol emergence in cognitive developmental systems : a survey ; symbol emergence through a robot ' s own interactive exploration of the world without human intervention has been investigated now for several decades . however , methods that enable a machine to form symbol systems in a robust bottom - up manner are still missing . clearly , this shows that we still do not have an appropriate computational understanding that explains symbol emergence in biological and artificial systems . over the years it became more ←
→ learning to hash for indexing big data - a survey ; the explosive growth in big data has attracted much attention in designing efficient indexing and search methods recently . in many critical applications such as large - scale search and pattern matching , finding the nearest neighbors to a query is a fundamental research problem . however , the straightforward solution using exhaustive comparison is infeasible due to the prohibitive computational complexity and memory requirement . in response , approximate neare ←
→ tracking the untrackable : learning to track multiple cues with long - term dependencies ; the majority of existing solutions to the multi - target tracking ( mtt ) problem do not combine cues in a coherent end - to - end fashion over a long period of time . however , we present an online method that encodes long - term temporal dependencies across multiple cues . one key challenge of tracking methods is to accurately track occluded targets or those which share similar appearance properties with surrounding objects . to a ←
→ human eye visual hyperacuity : a new paradigm for sensing ? ; the human eye appears to be using a low number of sensors for image capturing . furthermore , regarding the physical dimensions of cones - photoreceptors responsible for the sharp central vision -, we may realize that these sensors are of a relatively small size and area . nonetheless , the eye is capable to obtain high resolution images due to visual hyperacuity and presents an impressive sensitivity and dynamic range when set against conventional digita ←
→ generative sensing : transforming unreliable sensor data for reliable recognition ; this paper introduces a deep learning enabled generative sensing framework which integrates low - end sensors with computational intelligence to attain a high recognition accuracy on par with that attained with high - end sensors . the proposed generative sensing framework aims at transforming low - end , low - quality sensor data into higher quality sensor data in terms of achieved classification accuracy . the low - end data can be tr ←
→ mining spatio - temporal data on industrialization from historical registries ; despite the growing availability of big data in many fields , historical data on socioevironmental phenomena are often not available due to a lack of automated and scalable approaches for collecting , digitizing , and assembling them . we have developed a data - mining method for extracting tabulated , geocoded data from printed directories . while scanning and optical character recognition ( ocr ) can digitize printed text , these methods ←
→ knowledge base approach for 3d objects detection in point clouds using 3d processing and specialists knowledge ; this paper presents a knowledge - based detection of objects approach using the owl ontology language , the semantic web rule language , and 3d processing built - ins aiming at combining geometrical analysis of 3d point clouds and specialist ' s knowledge . here , we share our experience regarding the creation of 3d semantic facility model out of unorganized 3d point clouds . thus , a knowledge - based detec ←
→ semantic structure and interpretability of word embeddings ; dense word embeddings , which encode semantic meanings of words to low dimensional vector spaces have become very popular in natural language processing ( nlp ) research due to their state - of - the - art performances in many nlp tasks . word embeddings are substantially successful in capturing semantic relations among words , so a meaningful semantic structure must be present in the respective vector spaces . however , in many cases , this semantic structure ←
→ a pso and pattern search based memetic algorithm for svms parameters optimization ; addressing the issue of svms parameters optimization , this study proposes an efficient memetic algorithm based on particle swarm optimization algorithm ( pso ) and pattern search ( ps ). in the proposed memetic algorithm , pso is responsible for exploration of the search space and the detection of the potential regions with optimum solutions , while pattern search ( ps ) is used to produce an effective exploitation on the potentia ←
→ video object tracking and analysis for computer assisted surgery ; pedicle screw insertion technique has made revolution in the surgical treatment of spinal fractures and spinal disorders . although x - ray fluoroscopy based navigation is popular , there is risk of prolonged exposure to x - ray radiation . systems that have lower radiation risk are generally quite expensive . the position and orientation of the drill is clinically very important in pedicle screw fixation . in this paper , the position and orientati ←
→ reblur2deblur : deblurring videos via self - supervised learning ; motion blur is a fundamental problem in computer vision as it impacts image quality and hinders inference . traditional deblurring algorithms leverage the physics of the image formation model and use hand - crafted priors : they usually produce results that better reflect the underlying scene , but present artifacts . recent learning - based methods implicitly extract the distribution of natural images directly from the data and use it to synthesize pl ←
→ gp - localize : persistent mobile robot localization using online sparse gaussian process observation model ; central to robot exploration and mapping is the task of persistent localization in environmental fields characterized by spatially correlated measurements . this paper presents a gaussian process localization ( gp - localize ) algorithm that , in contrast to existing works , can exploit the spatially correlated field measurements taken during a robot ' s exploration ( instead of relying on prior training data )←
→ can evidence be combined in the dempster - shafer theory ; dempster ' s rule of combination has been the most controversial part of the dempster - shafer ( d - s ) theory . in particular , zadeh has reached a conjecture on the noncombinability of evidence from a relational model of the d - s theory . in this paper , we will describe another relational model where d - s masses are represented as conditional granular distributions . by comparing it with zadeh ' s relational model , we will show how zadeh ' s conjecture on combinabil ←
→ mgnc - cnn : a simple approach to exploiting multiple word embeddings for sentence classification ; we introduce a novel , simple convolution neural network ( cnn ) architecture - multi - group norm constraint cnn ( mgnc - cnn ) that capitalizes on multiple sets of word embeddings for sentence classification . mgnc - cnn extracts features from input embedding sets independently and then joins these at the penultimate layer in the network to form a final feature vector . we then adopt a group regularization strategy that ←
→ compressing convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) are increasingly used in many areas of computer vision . they are particularly attractive because of their ability to " absorb " great quantities of labeled data through millions of parameters . however , as model sizes increase , so do the storage and memory requirements of the classifiers . we present a novel network architecture , frequency - sensitive hashed nets ( freshnets ), which exploits inherent redundancy in both convolutional la ←
→ attentional push : augmenting salience with shared attention modeling ; we present a novel visual attention tracking technique based on shared attention modeling . our proposed method models the viewer as a participant in the activity occurring in the scene . we go beyond image salience and instead of only computing the power of an image region to pull attention to it , we also consider the strength with which other regions of the image push attention to the region in question . we use the term attentional push ←
→ analyzing users ' sentiment towards popular consumer industries and brands on twitter ; social media serves as a unified platform for users to express their thoughts on subjects ranging from their daily lives to their opinion on consumer brands and products . these users wield an enormous influence in shaping the opinions of other consumers and influence brand perception , brand loyalty and brand advocacy . in this paper , we analyze the opinion of 19m twitter users towards 62 popular industries , encompassing ←
→ beyond the pixel - wise loss for topology - aware delineation ; delineation of curvilinear structures is an important problem in computer vision with multiple practical applications . with the advent of deep learning , many current approaches on automatic delineation have focused on finding more powerful deep architectures , but have continued using the habitual pixel - wise losses such as binary cross - entropy . in this paper we claim that pixel - wise losses alone are unsuitable for this problem because of their inabi ←
→ the concrete distribution : a continuous relaxation of discrete random variables ; the reparameterization trick enables optimizing large scale stochastic computation graphs via gradient descent . the essence of the trick is to refactor each stochastic node into a differentiable function of its parameters and a random variable with fixed distribution . after refactoring , the gradients of the loss propagated by the chain rule through the graph are low variance unbiased estimators of the gradients of the expect ←
→ population sizing for genetic programming based upon decision making ; this paper derives a population sizing relationship for genetic programming ( gp ). following the population - sizing derivation for genetic algorithms in goldberg , deb , and clark ( 1992 ), it considers building block decision making as a key facet . the analysis yields a gp - unique relationship because it has to account for bloat and for the fact that gp solutions often use subsolution multiple times . the population - sizing relationship depends ←
→ deduction over mixed - level logic representations for text passage retrieval ; a system is described that uses a mixed - level representation of ( part of ) meaning of natural language documents ( based on standard horn clause logic ) and a variable - depth search strategy that distinguishes between the different levels of abstraction in the knowledge representation to locate specific passages in the documents . mixed - level representations as well as variable - depth search strategies are applicable in fields outside ←
→ predicting first impressions with deep learning ; describable visual facial attributes are now commonplace in human biometrics and affective computing , with existing algorithms even reaching a sufficient point of maturity for placement into commercial products . these algorithms model objective facets of facial appearance , such as hair and eye color , expression , and aspects of the geometry of the face . a natural extension , which has not been studied to any great extent thus far , is the ability to model subje ←
→ fault diagnosis of helical gear box using large margin k - nearest neighbors classifier using sound signals ; gear drives are one of the most widely used transmission system in many machinery . sound signals of a rotating machine contain the dynamic information about its health conditions . not much information available in the literature reporting suitability of sound signals for fault diagnosis applications . maximum numbers of literature are based on fft ( fast fourier transform ) analysis and have its own li ←
→ mapping images to scene graphs with permutation - invariant structured prediction ; structured prediction is concerned with predicting multiple inter - dependent labels simultaneously . classical methods like crf achieve this by maximizing a score function over the set of possible label assignments . recent extensions use neural networks to either implement the score function or in maximization . the current paper takes an alternative approach , using a neural network to generate the structured output directly , w ←
→ safety - aware apprenticeship learning ; apprenticeship learning ( al ) is a class of " learning from demonstrations " techniques where the reward function of a markov decision process ( mdp ) is unknown to the learning agent and the agent has to derive a good policy by observing an expert ' s demonstrations . in this paper , we study the problem of how to make al algorithms inherently safe while still meeting its learning objective . we consider a setting where the unknown reward function is assumed to be a linear comb ←
→ automatic spatial context - sensitive cloud / cloud - shadow detection in multi - source multi - spectral earth observation images : autocloud + ; the proposed earth observation ( eo ) based value adding system ( eo vas ), hereafter identified as autocloud +, consists of an innovative eo image understanding system ( eo ius ) design and implementation capable of automatic spatial context sensitive cloud / cloud shadow detection in multi source multi spectral ( ms ) eo imagery , whether or not radiometrically calibrated , acquired ←
→ does phase matter for monaural source separation ? ; the " cocktail party " problem of fully separating multiple sources from a single channel audio waveform remains unsolved . current biological understanding of neural encoding suggests that phase information is preserved and utilized at every stage of the auditory pathway . however , current computational approaches primarily discard phase information in order to mask amplitude spectrograms of sound . in this paper , we seek to address whether preserving phase in ←
→ learning in implicit generative models ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) provide an algorithmic framework for constructing generative models with several appealing properties : they do not require a likelihood function to be specified , only a generating procedure ; they provide samples that are sharp and compelling ; and they allow us to harness our knowledge of building highly accurate neural network classifiers . here , we develop our understanding of gans with the aim of forming a rich view of this gro ←
→ from language to programs : bridging reinforcement learning and maximum marginal likelihood ; our goal is to learn a semantic parser that maps natural language utterances into executable programs when only indirect supervision is available : examples are labeled with the correct execution result , but not the program itself . consequently , we must search the space of programs for those that output the correct result , while not being misled by spurious programs : incorrect programs that coincidentally output th ←
→ temporal convolutional neural networks for diagnosis from lab tests ; early diagnosis of treatable diseases is essential for improving healthcare , and many diseases ' onsets are predictable from annual lab tests and their temporal trends . we introduce a multi - resolution convolutional neural network for early detection of multiple diseases from irregularly measured sparse lab values . our novel architecture takes as input both an imputed version of the data and a binary observation matrix . for imputing the tem ←
→ avoiding synchronization in first - order methods for sparse convex optimization ; parallel computing has played an important role in speeding up convex optimization methods for big data analytics and large - scale machine learning ( ml ). however , the scalability of these optimization methods is inhibited by the cost of communicating and synchronizing processors in a parallel setting . iterative ml methods are particularly sensitive to communication cost since they often require communication every iteration . i ←
→ apptechminer : mining applications and techniques from scientific articles ; this paper presents apptechminer , a rule - based information extraction framework that automatically constructs a knowledge base of all application areas and problem solving techniques . techniques include tools , methods , datasets or evaluation metrics . we also categorize individual research articles based on their application areas and the techniques proposed / improved in the article . our system achieves high average precision (~ 82 %)←
→ bag of tricks for efficient text classification ; this paper explores a simple and efficient baseline for text classification . our experiments show that our fast text classifier fasttext is often on par with deep learning classifiers in terms of accuracy , and many orders of magnitude faster for training and evaluation . we can train fasttext on more than one billion words in less than ten minutes using a standard multicore ~ cpu , and classify half a million sentences among ~ 312k classes in less than a minute .←
→ infinite qualitative simulations by means of constraint programming ; we introduce a constraint - based framework for studying infinite qualitative simulations concerned with contingencies such as time , space , shape , size , abstracted into a finite set of qualitative relations . to define the simulations , we combine constraints that formalize the background knowledge concerned with qualitative reasoning with appropriate inter - state constraints that are formulated using linear temporal logic . we implemented this ←
→ the stability of convergence of curve evolutions in vector fields ; curve evolution is often used to solve computer vision problems . if the curve evolution fails to converge , we would not be able to solve the targeted problem in a lifetime . this paper studies the theoretical aspect of the convergence of a type of general curve evolutions . we establish a theory for analyzing and improving the stability of the convergence of the general curve evolutions . based on this theory , we ascertain that the convergence ←
→ significance of classification techniques in prediction of learning disabilities ; the aim of this study is to show the importance of two classification techniques , viz . decision tree and clustering , in prediction of learning disabilities ( ld ) of school - age children . lds affect about 10 percent of all children enrolled in schools . the problems of children with specific learning disabilities have been a cause of concern to parents and teachers for some time . decision trees and clustering are powerful and p ←
→ randomized distributed configuration management of wireless networks : multi - layer markov random fields and near - optimality ; distributed configuration management is imperative for wireless infrastructureless networks where each node adjusts locally its physical and logical configuration through information exchange with neighbors . two issues remain open . the first is the optimality . the second is the complexity . we study these issues through modeling , analysis , and randomized distributed algorithms . model ←
→ back - propagation of accuracy ; in this paper we solve the problem : how to determine maximal allowable errors , possible for signals and parameters of each element of a network proceeding from the condition that the vector of output signals of the network should be calculated with given accuracy ? " back - propagation of accuracy " is developed to solve this problem . the calculation of allowable errors for each element of network by back - propagation of accuracy is surprisingly similar to a back - propagation of erro ←
→ image set querying based localization ; conventional single image based localization methods usually fail to localize a querying image when there exist large variations between the querying image and the pre - built scene . to address this , we propose an image - set querying based localization approach . when the localization by a single image fails to work , the system will ask the user to capture more auxiliary images . first , a local 3d model is established for the querying image set . then , the pose of the query ←
→ efficient large scale video classification ; video classification has advanced tremendously over the recent years . a large part of the improvements in video classification had to do with the work done by the image classification community and the use of deep convolutional networks ( cnns ) which produce competitive results with hand - crafted motion features . these networks were adapted to use video frames in various ways and have yielded state of the art classification results . we present two methods that bui ←
→ real - coded chemical reaction optimization with different perturbation functions ; chemical reaction optimization ( cro ) is a powerful metaheuristic which mimics the interactions of molecules in chemical reactions to search for the global optimum . the perturbation function greatly influences the performance of cro on solving different continuous problems . in this paper , we study four different probability distributions , namely , the gaussian distribution , the cauchy distribution , the exponential distribution ←
→ on the stability of empirical risk minimization in the presence of multiple risk minimizers ; recently kutin and niyogi investigated several notions of algorithmic stability -- a property of a learning map conceptually similar to continuity -- showing that training - stability is sufficient for consistency of empirical risk minimization while distribution - free cv - stability is necessary and sufficient for having finite vc - dimension . this paper concerns a phase transition in the training stability of erm , conject ←
→ an interpretable knowledge transfer model for knowledge base completion ; knowledge bases are important resources for a variety of natural language processing tasks but suffer from incompleteness . we propose a novel embedding model , \ emph { itransf }, to perform knowledge base completion . equipped with a sparse attention mechanism , itransf discovers hidden concepts of relations and transfer statistical strength through the sharing of concepts . moreover , the learned associations between relations and concepts , ←
→ top - down flow transformer networks ; we study the deformation fields of feature maps across convolutional network layers under explicit top - down spatial transformations . we propose top - down flow transformer ( tft ) by focusing on three transformations : translation , rotation , and scaling . flow transformation generators , under controllable parameters , are learned that are able to account for the hidden layer deformations while maintaining the overall consistency across layers . the learned generators capture the ←
→ private empirical risk minimization beyond the worst case : the effect of the constraint set geometry ; empirical risk minimization ( erm ) is a standard technique in machine learning , where a model is selected by minimizing a loss function over constraint set . when the training dataset consists of private information , it is natural to use a differentially private erm algorithm , and this problem has been the subject of a long line of work started with chaudhuri and monteleoni 2008 . a private erm algorithm ou ←
→ dna image pro -- a tool for generating pixel patterns using dna tile assembly ; self - assembly is a process found everywhere in the nature . in particular , it is known that dna self - assembly is turing universal . thus one can do arbitrary computations or build nano - structures using dna self - assembly . in order to understand the dna self - assembly process , many mathematical models have been proposed in the literature . in particular , abstract tile assembly model ( atam ) received much attention . in this work , we i ←
→ probabilistic models for query approximation with large sparse binary datasets ; large sparse sets of binary transaction data with millions of records and thousands of attributes occur in various domains : customers purchasing products , users visiting web pages , and documents containing words are just three typical examples . real - time query selectivity estimation ( the problem of estimating the number of rows in the data satisfying a given predicate ) is an important practical problem for such databases . w ←
→ learning analysis - by - synthesis for 6d pose estimation in rgb - d images ; analysis - by - synthesis has been a successful approach for many tasks in computer vision , such as 6d pose estimation of an object in an rgb - d image which is the topic of this work . the idea is to compare the observation with the output of a forward process , such as a rendered image of the object of interest in a particular pose . due to occlusion or complicated sensor noise , it can be difficult to perform this comparison in a meaningful wa ←
→ application of generative autoencoder in de novo molecular design ; a major challenge in computational chemistry is the generation of novel molecular structures with desirable pharmacological and physiochemical properties . in this work , we investigate the potential use of autoencoder , a deep learning methodology , for de novo molecular design . various generative autoencoders were used to map molecule structures into a continuous latent space and vice versa and their performance as structure generator was ass ←
→ structured low - rank matrix factorization with missing and grossly corrupted observations ; recovering low - rank and sparse matrices from incomplete or corrupted observations is an important problem in machine learning , statistics , bioinformatics , computer vision , as well as signal and image processing . in theory , this problem can be solved by the natural convex joint / mixed relaxations ( i . e ., l_ { 1 }- norm and trace norm ) under certain conditions . however , all current provable algorithms suffer from superlinea ←
→ pac learning mixtures of axis - aligned gaussians with no separation assumption ; we propose and analyze a new vantage point for the learning of mixtures of gaussians : namely , the pac - style model of learning probability distributions introduced by kearns et al . here the task is to construct a hypothesis mixture of gaussians that is statistically indistinguishable from the actual mixture generating the data ; specifically , the kl - divergence should be at most epsilon . in this scenario , we give a poly ( n / epsil ←
→ classification of postoperative surgical site infections from blood measurements with missing data using recurrent neural networks ; clinical measurements that can be represented as time series constitute an important fraction of the electronic health records and are often both uncertain and incomplete . recurrent neural networks are a special class of neural networks that are particularly suitable to process time series data but , in their original formulation , cannot explicitly deal with missing data . in ←
→ the subset - matched jaccard index for evaluation of segmentation for plant images ; we describe a new measure for the evaluation of region level segmentation of objects , as applied to evaluating the accuracy of leaf - level segmentation of plant images . the proposed approach enforces the rule that a region ( e . g . a leaf ) in either the image being evaluated or the ground truth image evaluated against can be mapped to no more than one region in the other image . we call this measure the subset - matched jaccard in ←
→ where to focus : deep attention - based spatially recurrent bilinear networks for fine - grained visual recognition ; fine - grained visual recognition typically depends on modeling subtle difference from object parts . however , these parts often exhibit dramatic visual variations such as occlusions , viewpoints , and spatial transformations , making it hard to detect . in this paper , we present a novel attention - based model to automatically , selectively and accurately focus on critical object regions with higher imp ←
→ stopping rules for bag - of - words image search and its application in appearance - based localization ; we propose a technique to improve the search efficiency of the bag - of - words ( bow ) method for image retrieval . we introduce a notion of difficulty for the image matching problems and propose methods that reduce the amount of computations required for the feature vector - quantization task in bow by exploiting the fact that easier queries need less computational resources . measuring the difficulty of a query an ←
→ bayesian approach for near - duplicate image detection ; in this paper we propose a bayesian approach for near - duplicate image detection , and investigate how different probabilistic models affect the performance obtained . the task of identifying an image whose metadata are missing is often demanded for a myriad of applications : metadata retrieval in cultural institutions , detection of copyright violations , investigation of latent cross - links in archives and libraries , duplicate elimination in storage manageme ←
→ performance analysis of unsupervised feature selection methods ; feature selection ( fs ) is a process which attempts to select more informative features . in some cases , too many redundant or irrelevant features may overpower main features for classification . feature selection can remedy this problem and therefore improve the prediction accuracy and reduce the computational overhead of classification algorithms . the main aim of feature selection is to determine a minimal feature subset from a problem domain w ←
→ ray - based and graph - based methods for fiber bundle boundary estimation ; diffusion tensor imaging ( dti ) provides the possibility of estimating the location and course of eloquent structures in the human brain . knowledge about this is of high importance for preoperative planning of neurosurgical interventions and for intraoperative guidance by neuronavigation in order to minimize postoperative neurological deficits . therefore , the segmentation of these structures as closed , three - dimensional object is necess ←
→ an optimization algorithm for multimodal functions inspired by collective animal behavior ; interest in multimodal function optimization is expanding rapidly since real world optimization problems often demand locating multiple optima within a search space . this article presents a new multimodal optimization algorithm named as the collective animal behavior ( cab ). animal groups , such as schools of fish , flocks of birds , swarms of locusts and herds of wildebeest , exhibit a variety of behaviors including sw ←
→ deep learning with permutation - invariant operator for multi - instance histopathology classification ; the computer - aided analysis of medical scans is a longstanding goal in the medical imaging field . currently , deep learning has became a dominant methodology for supporting pathologists and radiologist . deep learning algorithms have been successfully applied to digital pathology and radiology , nevertheless , there are still practical issues that prevent these tools to be widely used in practice . the main obs ←
→ bayesian conditional density filtering ; we propose a conditional density filtering ( c - df ) algorithm for efficient online bayesian inference . c - df adapts mcmc sampling to the online setting , sampling from approximations to conditional posterior distributions obtained by propagating surrogate conditional sufficient statistics ( a function of data and parameter estimates ) as new data arrive . these quantities eliminate the need to store or process the entire dataset simultaneously and offer a number of desirabl ←
→ calculating probabilities simplifies word learning ; children can use the statistical regularities of their environment to learn word meanings , a mechanism known as cross - situational learning . we take a computational approach to investigate how the information present during each observation in a cross - situational framework can affect the overall acquisition of word meanings . we do so by formulating various in - the - moment learning mechanisms that are sensitive to different statistics of the environment , such ←
→ a gabor block based kernel discriminative common vector ( kdcv ) approach using cosine kernels for human face recognition ; in this paper a nonlinear gabor wavelet transform ( gwt ) discriminant feature extraction approach for enhanced face recognition is proposed . firstly , the low - energized blocks from gabor wavelet transformed images are extracted . secondly , the nonlinear discriminating features are analyzed and extracted from the selected low - energized blocks by the generalized kernel discriminative common ←
→ functional gradient boosting based on residual network perception ; residual networks ( resnets ) have become state - of - the - art models in deep learning and several theoretical studies have been devoted to understanding why resnet works so well . one attractive viewpoint on resnet is that it is optimizing the risk in a functional space by combining an ensemble of effective features . in this paper , we adopt this viewpoint to construct a new gradient boosting method , which is known to be very powerful in data anal ←
→ learning to localize sound source in visual scenes ; visual events are usually accompanied by sounds in our daily lives . we pose the question : can the machine learn the correspondence between visual scene and the sound , and localize the sound source only by observing sound and visual scene pairs like human ? in this paper , we propose a novel unsupervised algorithm to address the problem of localizing the sound source in visual scenes . a two - stream network structure which handles each modality , with attention ←
→ chained gaussian processes ; gaussian process models are flexible , bayesian non - parametric approaches to regression . properties of multivariate gaussians mean that they can be combined linearly in the manner of additive models and via a link function ( like in generalized linear models ) to handle non - gaussian data . however , the link function formalism is restrictive , link functions are always invertible and must convert a parameter of interest to a linear combination of the underlying processes . there are ma ←
→ integrated deep and shallow networks for salient object detection ; deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based salient object detection methods have achieved state - of - the - art performance and outperform those unsupervised methods with a wide margin . in this paper , we propose to integrate deep and unsupervised saliency for salient object detection under a unified framework . specifically , our method takes results of unsupervised saliency ( robust background detection , rbd ) and normalized color images as inpu ←
→ mdps with unawareness ; markov decision processes ( mdps ) are widely used for modeling decision - making problems in robotics , automated control , and economics . traditional mdps assume that the decision maker ( dm ) knows all states and actions . however , this may not be true in many situations of interest . we define a new framework , mdps with unawareness ( mdpus ) to deal with the possibilities that a dm may not be aware of all possible actions . we provide a complete characterization of when a dm can learn to play ←
→ dynamical models and tracking regret in online convex programming ; this paper describes a new online convex optimization method which incorporates a family of candidate dynamical models and establishes novel tracking regret bounds that scale with the comparator ' s deviation from the best dynamical model in this family . previous online optimization methods are designed to have a total accumulated loss comparable to that of the best comparator sequence , and existing tracking or shifting regret bounds scale wi ←
→ using svdd in simplemkl for 3d - shapes filtering ; this paper proposes the adaptation of support vector data description ( svdd ) to the multiple kernel case ( mk - svdd ), based on simplemkl . it also introduces a variant called slim - mk - svdd that is able to produce a tighter frontier around the data . for the sake of comparison , the equivalent methods are also developed for one - class svm , known to be very similar to svdd for certain shapes of kernels . those algorithms are illustrated in the context of 3d - shapes f ←
→ a new approach to constraint weight learning for variable ordering in csps ; a constraint satisfaction problem ( csp ) is a framework used for modeling and solving constrained problems . tree - search algorithms like backtracking try to construct a solution to a csp by selecting the variables of the problem one after another . the order in which these algorithm select the variables potentially have significant impact on the search performance . various heuristics have been proposed for choosing good variable ord ←
→ automatic optimization of hardware accelerators for image processing ; in the domain of image processing , often real - time constraints are required . in particular , in safety - critical applications , such as x - ray computed tomography in medical imaging or advanced driver assistance systems in the automotive domain , timing is of utmost importance . a common approach to maintain real - time capabilities of compute - intensive applications is to offload those computations to dedicated accelerator hardware , such as fiel ←
→ get my pizza right : repairing missing is - a relations in alc ontologies ( extended version ) ; with the increased use of ontologies in semantically - enabled applications , the issue of debugging defects in ontologies has become increasingly important . these defects can lead to wrong or incomplete results for the applications . debugging consists of the phases of detection and repairing . in this paper we focus on the repairing phase of a particular kind of defects , i . e . the missing relations in the is - a hierarch ←
→ verifying neural networks with mixed integer programming ; neural networks have demonstrated considerable success in a wide variety of real - world problems . however , the presence of adversarial examples - slightly perturbed inputs that are misclassified with high confidence - limits our ability to guarantee performance for these networks in safety - critical applications . we demonstrate that , for networks that are piecewise affine ( for example , deep networks with relu and maxpool units ), proving no adversarial ←
→ response prediction of structural system subject to earthquake motions using artificial neural network ; this paper uses artificial neural network ( ann ) models to compute response of structural system subject to indian earthquakes at chamoli and uttarkashi ground motion data . the system is first trained for a single real earthquake data . the trained ann architecture is then used to simulate earthquakes with various intensities and it was found that the predicted responses given by ann model are accurate f ←
→ the size of a hyperball in a conceptual space ; the cognitive framework of conceptual spaces [ 3 ] provides geometric means for representing knowledge . a conceptual space is a high - dimensional space whose dimensions are partitioned into so - called domains . within each domain , the euclidean metric is used to compute distances . distances in the overall space are computed by applying the manhattan metric to the intra - domain distances . instances are represented as points in this space and concepts are represented ←
→ learning compact appearance representation for video - based person re - identification ; this paper presents a novel approach for video - based person re - identification using multiple convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). unlike previous work , we intend to extract a compact yet discriminative appearance representation from several frames rather than the whole sequence . specifically , given a video , the representative frames are selected based on the walking profile of consecutive frames . a multiple cnn architec ←
→ efanna : an extremely fast approximate nearest neighbor search algorithm based on knn graph ; approximate nearest neighbor ( ann ) search is a fundamental problem in many areas of data mining , machine learning and computer vision . the performance of traditional hierarchical structure ( tree ) based methods decreases as the dimensionality of data grows , while hashing based methods usually lack efficiency in practice . recently , the graph based methods have drawn considerable attention . the main idea is that \ em ←
→ decision under uncertainty in diagnosis ; this paper describes the incorporation of uncertainty in diagnostic reasoning based on the set covering model of reggia et . al . extended to what in the artificial intelligence dichotomy between deep and compiled ( shallow , surface ) knowledge based diagnosis may be viewed as the generic form at the compiled end of the spectrum . a major undercurrent in this is advocating the need for a strong underlying model and an integrated set of support tools for carrying such a m ←
→ heuristic algorithms for finding distribution reducts in probabilistic rough set model ; attribute reduction is one of the most important topics in rough set theory . heuristic attribute reduction algorithms have been presented to solve the attribute reduction problem . it is generally known that fitness functions play a key role in developing heuristic attribute reduction algorithms . the monotonicity of fitness functions can guarantee the validity of heuristic attribute reduction algorithms . in probabilist ←
→ dependency parsing with dilated iterated graph cnns ; dependency parses are an effective way to inject linguistic knowledge into many downstream tasks , and many practitioners wish to efficiently parse sentences at scale . recent advances in gpu hardware have enabled neural networks to achieve significant gains over the previous best models , these models still fail to leverage gpus ' capability for massive parallelism due to their requirement of sequential processing of the sentence . in response , we propose di ←
→ a theory of cross - validation error ; this paper presents a theory of error in cross - validation testing of algorithms for predicting real - valued attributes . the theory justifies the claim that predicting real - valued attributes requires balancing the conflicting demands of simplicity and accuracy . furthermore , the theory indicates precisely how these conflicting demands must be balanced , in order to minimize cross - validation error . a general theory is presented , then it is developed in detail for linear regre ←
→ semantic video segmentation by gated recurrent flow propagation ; semantic video segmentation is challenging due to the sheer amount of data that needs to be processed and labeled in order to construct accurate models . in this paper we present a deep , end - to - end trainable methodology to video segmentation that is capable of leveraging information present in unlabeled data in order to improve semantic estimates . our model combines a convolutional architecture and a spatio - temporal transformer recurrent layer ←
→ cell detection in microscopy images with deep convolutional neural network and compressed sensing ; the ability to automatically detect certain types of cells or cellular subunits in microscopy images is of significant interest to a wide range of biomedical research and clinical practices . cell detection methods have evolved from employing hand - crafted features to deep learning - based techniques . the essential idea of these methods is that their cell classifiers or detectors are trained in the pixel space ,←
→ ev - flownet : self - supervised optical flow estimation for event - based cameras ; event - based cameras have shown great promise in a variety of situations where frame based cameras suffer , such as high speed motions and high dynamic range scenes . however , developing algorithms for event measurements requires a new class of hand crafted algorithms . deep learning has shown great success in providing model free solutions to many problems in the vision community , but existing networks have been developed with fram ←
→ a two stage classification approach for handwritten devanagari characters ; the paper presents a two stage classification approach for handwritten devanagari characters the first stage is using structural properties like shirorekha , spine in character and second stage exploits some intersection features of characters which are fed to a feedforward neural network . simple histogram based method does not work for finding shirorekha , vertical bar ( spine ) in handwritten devnagari characters . so we designed a d ←
→ efficient attention using a fixed - size memory representation ; the standard content - based attention mechanism typically used in sequence - to - sequence models is computationally expensive as it requires the comparison of large encoder and decoder states at each time step . in this work , we propose an alternative attention mechanism based on a fixed size memory representation that is more efficient . our technique predicts a compact set of k attention contexts during encoding and lets the decoder compute an effic ←
→ the adaptable buffer algorithm for high quantile estimation in non - stationary data streams ; the need to estimate a particular quantile of a distribution is an important problem which frequently arises in many computer vision and signal processing applications . for example , our work was motivated by the requirements of many semi - automatic surveillance analytics systems which detect abnormalities in close - circuit television ( cctv ) footage using statistical models of low - level motion features . in this paper ←
→ improved model reduction and tuning of fractional order piλdμ controllers for analytical rule extraction with genetic programming ; genetic algorithm ( ga ) has been used in this paper for a new approach of sub - optimal model reduction in the nyquist plane and optimal time domain tuning of pid and fractional order ( fo ) pi {\ lambda } d {\ mu } controllers . simulation studies show that the nyquist based new model reduction technique outperforms the conventional h2 norm based reduced parameter modeling technique . w ←
→ deep image smoothing based on texture and structure guidance ; image smoothing is a fundamental task in computer vision , which aims to retain salient structures and remove insignificant textures . in this paper , we tackle the natural deficiency of existing methods , that they cannot properly distinguish textures and structures with similar low - level appearance . while deep learning approaches have addressed preserving structures , they do not yet properly address textures . to this end , we build a texture predic ←
→ deep architectures for neural machine translation ; it has been shown that increasing model depth improves the quality of neural machine translation . however , different architectural variants to increase model depth have been proposed , and so far , there has been no thorough comparative study . in this work , we describe and evaluate several existing approaches to introduce depth in neural machine translation . additionally , we explore novel architectural variants , including deep transition rnns , and we vary ←
→ mining process model descriptions of daily life through event abstraction ; process mining techniques focus on extracting insight in processes from event logs . process mining has the potential to provide valuable insights in ( un ) healthy habits and to contribute to ambient assisted living solutions when applied on data from smart home environments . however , events recorded in smart home environments are on the level of sensor triggers , at which process discovery algorithms produce overgeneralizing process ←
→ an exploration of softmax alternatives belonging to the spherical loss family ; in a multi - class classification problem , it is standard to model the output of a neural network as a categorical distribution conditioned on the inputs . the output must therefore be positive and sum to one , which is traditionally enforced by a softmax . this probabilistic mapping allows to use the maximum likelihood principle , which leads to the well - known log - softmax loss . however the choice of the softmax function seems someh ←
→ image processing using minikanren ; an integral image is one of the most efficient optimization technique for image processing . however an integral image is only a special case of delayed stream or memoization . this research discusses generalizing concept of integral image optimization technique , and how to generate an integral image optimized program code automatically from abstracted image processing algorithm . in oder to abstruct algorithms , we forces to minikanren .←
→ neurogenesis deep learning ; neural machine learning methods , such as deep neural networks ( dnn ), have achieved remarkable success in a number of complex data processing tasks . these methods have arguably had their strongest impact on tasks such as image and audio processing - data processing domains in which humans have long held clear advantages over conventional algorithms . in contrast to biological neural systems , which are capable of learning continuously , deep artificial networks have a limited abilit ←
→ a unified deep learning architecture for abuse detection ; hate speech , offensive language , sexism , racism and other types of abusive behavior have become a common phenomenon in many online social media platforms . in recent years , such diverse abusive behaviors have been manifesting with increased frequency and levels of intensity . this is due to the openness and willingness of popular media platforms , such as twitter and facebook , to host content of sensitive or controversial topics . however , these platfor ←
→ stochastic variance - reduced admm ; the alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) is a powerful optimization solver in machine learning . recently , stochastic admm has been integrated with variance reduction methods for stochastic gradient , leading to sag - admm and sdca - admm that have fast convergence rates and low iteration complexities . however , their space requirements can still be high . in this paper , we propose an integration of admm with the method of stochastic variance reduced gradient ( svrg ).←
→ general purpose textual sentiment analysis and emotion detection tools ; textual sentiment analysis and emotion detection consists in retrieving the sentiment or emotion carried by a text or document . this task can be useful in many domains : opinion mining , prediction , feedbacks , etc . however , building a general purpose tool for doing sentiment analysis and emotion detection raises a number of issues , theoretical issues like the dependence to the domain or to the language but also pratical issues like the e ←
→ gilbo : one metric to measure them all ; we propose a simple , tractable lower bound on the mutual information contained in the joint generative density of any latent variable generative model : the gilbo ( generative information lower bound ). it offers a data independent measure of the complexity of the learned latent variable description , giving the log of the effective description length . it is well - defined for both vaes and gans . we compute the gilbo for 800 gans and vaes trained on mnist and discuss the re ←
→ minimax multi - task learning and a generalized loss - compositional paradigm for mtl ; since its inception , the modus operandi of multi - task learning ( mtl ) has been to minimize the task - wise mean of the empirical risks . we introduce a generalized loss - compositional paradigm for mtl that includes a spectrum of formulations as a subfamily . one endpoint of this spectrum is minimax mtl : a new mtl formulation that minimizes the maximum of the tasks ' empirical risks . via a certain relaxation of minimax mtl , we obt ←
→ variational gaussian process auto - encoder for ordinal prediction of facial action units ; we address the task of simultaneous feature fusion and modeling of discrete ordinal outputs . we propose a novel gaussian process ( gp ) auto - encoder modeling approach . in particular , we introduce gp encoders to project multiple observed features onto a latent space , while gp decoders are responsible for reconstructing the original features . inference is performed in a novel variational framework , where the recovered lat ←
→ grid loss : detecting occluded faces ; detection of partially occluded objects is a challenging computer vision problem . standard convolutional neural network ( cnn ) detectors fail if parts of the detection window are occluded , since not every sub - part of the window is discriminative on its own . to address this issue , we propose a novel loss layer for cnns , named grid loss , which minimizes the error rate on sub - blocks of a convolution layer independently rather than over the whole feature map . this results in ←
→ efficient training of very deep neural networks for supervised hashing ; in this paper , we propose training very deep neural networks ( dnns ) for supervised learning of hash codes . existing methods in this context train relatively " shallow " networks limited by the issues arising in back propagation ( e . e . vanishing gradients ) as well as computational efficiency . we propose a novel and efficient training algorithm inspired by alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ) that overcomes some of these limit ←
→ dense wide - baseline scene flow from two handheld video cameras ; we propose a new technique for computing dense scene flow from two handheld videos with wide camera baselines and different photometric properties due to different sensors or camera settings like exposure and white balance . our technique innovates in two ways over existing methods : ( 1 ) it supports independently moving cameras , and ( 2 ) it computes dense scene flow for wide - baseline scenarios . we achieve this by combining state - of - the - art wide - ba ←
→ using fuzzy logic to leverage html markup for web page representation ; the selection of a suitable document representation approach plays a crucial role in the performance of a document clustering task . being able to pick out representative words within a document can lead to substantial improvements in document clustering . in the case of web documents , the html markup that defines the layout of the content provides additional structural information that can be further exploited to identify representative ←
→ training recurrent neural networks as a constraint satisfaction problem ; this paper presents a new approach for training artificial neural networks using techniques for solving the constraint satisfaction problem ( csp ). the quotient gradient system ( qgs ) is a trajectory based method for solving the csp . this study converts the training set of a neural network into a csp and uses the qgs to find its solutions . the qgs finds the global minimum of the optimization problem by tracking trajectories of a nonline ←
→ domain adaptation for neural networks by parameter augmentation ; we propose a simple domain adaptation method for neural networks in a supervised setting . supervised domain adaptation is a way of improving the generalization performance on the target domain by using the source domain dataset , assuming that both of the datasets are labeled . recently , recurrent neural networks have been shown to be successful on a variety of nlp tasks such as caption generation ; however , the existing domain adaptation techni ←
→ exchangeable choice functions ; we investigate how to model exchangeability with choice functions . exchangeability is a structural assessment on a sequence of uncertain variables . we show how such assessments are a special indifference assessment , and how that leads to a counterpart of de finetti ' s representation theorem , both in a finite and a countable context .←
→ response - based approachability and its application to generalized no - regret algorithms ; approachability theory , introduced by blackwell ( 1956 ), provides fundamental results on repeated games with vector - valued payoffs , and has been usefully applied since in the theory of learning in games and to learning algorithms in the online adversarial setup . given a repeated game with vector payoffs , a target set $ s $ is approachable by a certain player ( the agent ) if he can ensure that the average payoff vector con ←
→ efficient registration of pathological images : a joint pca / image - reconstruction approach ; registration involving one or more images containing pathologies is challenging , as standard image similarity measures and spatial transforms cannot account for common changes due to pathologies . low - rank / sparse ( lrs ) decomposition removes pathologies prior to registration ; however , lrs is memory - demanding and slow , which limits its use on larger data sets . additionally , lrs blurs normal tissue regions , which may de ←
→ bayesian robust tensor factorization for incomplete multiway data ; we propose a generative model for robust tensor factorization in the presence of both missing data and outliers . the objective is to explicitly infer the underlying low - cp - rank tensor capturing the global information and a sparse tensor capturing the local information ( also considered as outliers ), thus providing the robust predictive distribution over missing entries . the low - cp - rank tensor is modeled by multilinear interactions between mu ←
→ classification under data contamination with application to remote sensing image mis - registration ; this work is motivated by the problem of image mis - registration in remote sensing and we are interested in determining the resulting loss in the accuracy of pattern classification . a statistical formulation is given where we propose to use data contamination to model and understand the phenomenon of image mis - registration . this model is widely applicable to many other types of errors as well , for example , m ←
→ metamodel - based importance sampling for structural reliability analysis ; structural reliability methods aim at computing the probability of failure of systems with respect to some prescribed performance functions . in modern engineering such functions usually resort to running an expensive - to - evaluate computational model ( e . g . a finite element model ). in this respect simulation methods , which may require $ 10 ^{ 3 - 6 }$ runs cannot be used directly . surrogate models such as quadratic response surfaces , polynomia ←
→ constructive preference elicitation over hybrid combinatorial spaces ; peference elicitation is the task of suggesting a highly preferred configuration to a decision maker . the preferences are typically learned by querying the user for choice feedback over pairs or sets of objects . in its constructive variant , new objects are synthesized " from scratch " by maximizing an estimate of the user utility over a combinatorial ( possibly infinite ) space of candidates . in the constructive setting , most existing elicit ←
→ nonlocality - reinforced convolutional neural networks for image denoising ; we introduce a paradigm for nonlocal sparsity reinforced deep convolutional neural network denoising . it is a combination of a local multiscale denoising by a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based denoiser and a nonlocal denoising based on a nonlocal filter ( nlf ) exploiting the mutual similarities between groups of patches . cnn models are leveraged with noise levels that progressively decrease at every iteration of our framework , ←
→ high dimensional semiparametric scale - invariant principal component analysis ; we propose a new high dimensional semiparametric principal component analysis ( pca ) method , named copula component analysis ( coca ). the semiparametric model assumes that , after unspecified marginally monotone transformations , the distributions are multivariate gaussian . coca improves upon pca and sparse pca in three aspects : ( i ) it is robust to modeling assumptions ; ( ii ) it is robust to outliers and data contamination ; ( iii ) it ←
→ bayesian nonparametric modeling of heterogeneous groups of censored data ; datasets containing large samples of time - to - event data arising from several small heterogeneous groups are commonly encountered in statistics . this presents problems as they cannot be pooled directly due to their heterogeneity or analyzed individually because of their small sample size . bayesian nonparametric modelling approaches can be used to model such datasets given their ability to flexibly share information across groups . in t ←
→ a deep learning - based method for relative location prediction in ct scan images ; relative location prediction in computed tomography ( ct ) scan images is a challenging problem . in this paper , a regression model based on one - dimensional convolutional neural networks is proposed to determine the relative location of a ct scan image both robustly and precisely . a public dataset is employed to validate the performance of the study ' s proposed method using a 5 - fold cross validation . experimental results demonst ←
→ flexible deep neural network processing ; the recent success of deep neural networks ( dnns ) has drastically improved the state of the art for many application domains . while achieving high accuracy performance , deploying state - of - the - art dnns is a challenge since they typically require billions of expensive arithmetic computations . in addition , dnns are typically deployed in ensemble to boost accuracy performance , which further exacerbates the system requirements . this computational overhead is an issue for ←
→ efficient rotation - scaling - translation parameters estimation based on fractal image model ; this paper deals with area - based subpixel image registration under rotation - isometric scaling - translation transformation hypothesis . our approach is based on a parametrical modeling of geometrically transformed textural image fragments and maximum likelihood estimation of transformation vector between them . due to the parametrical approach based on the fractional brownian motion modeling of the local fragments text ←
→ neyman - pearson classification , convexity and stochastic constraints ; motivated by problems of anomaly detection , this paper implements the neyman - pearson paradigm to deal with asymmetric errors in binary classification with a convex loss . given a finite collection of classifiers , we combine them and obtain a new classifier that satisfies simultaneously the two following properties with high probability : ( i ) its probability of type i error is below a pre - specified level and ( ii ), it has probability of type ←
→ incorporating network built - in priors in weakly - supervised semantic segmentation ; pixel - level annotations are expensive and time consuming to obtain . hence , weak supervision using only image tags could have a significant impact in semantic segmentation . recently , cnn - based methods have proposed to fine - tune pre - trained networks using image tags . without additional information , this leads to poor localization accuracy . this problem , however , was alleviated by making use of objectness priors to generate fo ←
→ online learning : stochastic and constrained adversaries ; learning theory has largely focused on two main learning scenarios . the first is the classical statistical setting where instances are drawn i . i . d . from a fixed distribution and the second scenario is the online learning , completely adversarial scenario where adversary at every time step picks the worst instance to provide the learner with . it can be argued that in the real world neither of these assumptions are reasonable . it is therefore important ←
→ feature selection via sparse approximation for face recognition ; inspired by biological vision systems , the over - complete local features with huge cardinality are increasingly used for face recognition during the last decades . accordingly , feature selection has become more and more important and plays a critical role for face data description and recognition . in this paper , we propose a trainable feature selection algorithm based on the regularized frame for face recognition . by enforcing a sparsity penalt ←
→ physeter catodon localization by sparse coding ; this paper presents a spermwhale ' localization architecture using jointly a bag - of - features ( bof ) approach and machine learning framework . bof methods are known , especially in computer vision , to produce from a collection of local features a global representation invariant to principal signal transformations . our idea is to regress supervisely from these local features two rough estimates of the distance and azimuth thanks to some datasets where both acoustic ←
→ hybrid one - shot 3d hand pose estimation by exploiting uncertainties ; model - based approaches to 3d hand tracking have been shown to perform well in a wide range of scenarios . however , they require initialisation and cannot recover easily from tracking failures that occur due to fast hand motions . data - driven approaches , on the other hand , can quickly deliver a solution , but the results often suffer from lower accuracy or missing anatomical validity compared to those obtained from model - based approaches . in ←
→ ordering - based representations of rational inference ; rational inference relations were introduced by lehmann and magidor as the ideal systems for drawing conclusions from a conditional base . however , there has been no simple characterization of these relations , other than its original representation by preferential models . in this paper , we shall characterize them with a class of total preorders of formulas by improving and extending gardenfors and makinson ' s results for expectation inference relations . a ←
→ automatic learning of gait signatures for people identification ; this work targets people identification in video based on the way they walk ( i . e . gait ). while classical methods typically derive gait signatures from sequences of binary silhouettes , in this work we explore the use of convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) for learning high - level descriptors from low - level motion features ( i . e . optical flow components ). we carry out a thorough experimental evaluation of the proposed cnn architecture on the chal ←
→ understanding dropout : training multi - layer perceptrons with auxiliary independent stochastic neurons ; in this paper , a simple , general method of adding auxiliary stochastic neurons to a multi - layer perceptron is proposed . it is shown that the proposed method is a generalization of recently successful methods of dropout ( hinton et al ., 2012 ), explicit noise injection ( vincent et al ., 2010 ; bishop , 1995 ) and semantic hashing ( salakhutdinov & hinton , 2009 ). under the proposed framework , an extension of dro ←
→ mitigating adversarial effects through randomization ; convolutional neural networks have demonstrated high accuracy on various tasks in recent years . however , they are extremely vulnerable to adversarial examples . for example , imperceptible perturbations added to clean images can cause convolutional neural networks to fail . in this paper , we propose to utilize randomization at inference time to mitigate adversarial effects . specifically , we use two randomization operations : random resizing , which resizes t ←
→ higher - order markov tag - topic models for tagged documents and images ; this paper studies the topic modeling problem of tagged documents and images . higher - order relations among tagged documents and images are major and ubiquitous characteristics , and play positive roles in extracting reliable and interpretable topics . in this paper , we propose the tag - topic models ( ttm ) to depict such higher - order topic structural dependencies within the markov random field ( mrf ) framework . first , we use the novel factor g ←
→ recognition of handwritten modi numerals using hu and zernike features ; handwritten automatic character recognition has attracted many researchers all over the world to contribute automatic character recognition domain . shape identification and feature extraction is very important part of any character recognition system and success of method is highly dependent on selection of features . however feature extraction is the most important step in defining the shape of the character as precisely and as uniquel ←
→ on the convergence properties of optimal adaboost ; adaboost is one of the most popular machine - learning algorithms . it is simple to implement and often found very effective by practitioners , while still being mathematically elegant and theoretically sound . adaboost ' s behavior in practice , and in particular the test - error behavior , has puzzled many eminent researchers for over a decade : it seems to defy our general intuition in machine learning regarding the fundamental trade - off between model complexity an ←
→ random design analysis of ridge regression ; this work gives a simultaneous analysis of both the ordinary least squares estimator and the ridge regression estimator in the random design setting under mild assumptions on the covariate / response distributions . in particular , the analysis provides sharp results on the `` out - of - sample '' prediction error , as opposed to the `` in - sample '' ( fixed design ) error . the analysis also reveals the effect of errors in the estimated covariance structure , as well as the effec ←
→ hyperspectral light field stereo matching ; in this paper , we describe how scene depth can be extracted using a hyperspectral light field capture ( h - lf ) system . our h - lf system consists of a 5 x 6 array of cameras , with each camera sampling a different narrow band in the visible spectrum . there are two parts to extracting scene depth . the first part is our novel cross - spectral pairwise matching technique , which involves a new spectral - invariant feature descriptor and its companion matching metric we call bi ←
→ isointense infant brain mri segmentation with a dilated convolutional neural network ; quantitative analysis of brain mri at the age of 6 months is difficult because of the limited contrast between white matter and gray matter . in this study , we use a dilated triplanar convolutional neural network in combination with a non - dilated 3d convolutional neural network for the segmentation of white matter , gray matter and cerebrospinal fluid in infant brain mr images , as provided by the miccai grand challenge on ←
→ on the statistical challenges of echo state networks and some potential remedies ; echo state networks are powerful recurrent neural networks . however , they are often unstable and shaky , making the process of finding an good esn for a specific dataset quite hard . obtaining a superb accuracy by using the echo state network is a challenging task . we create , develop and implement a family of predictably optimal robust and stable ensemble of echo state networks via regularizing the training and perturbing the ←
→ an efficient approach for finding the mpe in belief networks ; given a belief network with evidence , the task of finding the i most probable explanations ( mpe ) in the belief network is that of identifying and ordering the i most probable instantiations of the non - evidence nodes of the belief network . although many approaches have been proposed for solving this problem , most work only for restricted topologies ( i . e ., singly connected belief networks ). in this paper , we will present a new approach for finding ←
→ the loss rank principle for model selection ; we introduce a new principle for model selection in regression and classification . many regression models are controlled by some smoothness or flexibility or complexity parameter c , e . g . the number of neighbors to be averaged over in k nearest neighbor ( knn ) regression or the polynomial degree in regression with polynomials . let f_d ^ c be the ( best ) regressor of complexity c on data d . a more flexible regressor can fit more data d ' well than a more rigid one . if ←
→ automatic estimation of the exposure to lateral collision in signalized intersections using video sensors ; intersections constitute one of the most dangerous elements in road systems . traffic signals remain the most common way to control traffic at high - volume intersections and offer many opportunities to apply intelligent transportation systems to make traffic more efficient and safe . this paper describes an automated method to estimate the temporal exposure of road users crossing the conflict zone to l ←
→ deep voice 2 : multi - speaker neural text - to - speech ; we introduce a technique for augmenting neural text - to - speech ( tts ) with lowdimensional trainable speaker embeddings to generate different voices from a single model . as a starting point , we show improvements over the two state - ofthe - art approaches for single - speaker neural tts : deep voice 1 and tacotron . we introduce deep voice 2 , which is based on a similar pipeline with deep voice 1 , but constructed with higher performance building blocks and demonstrat ←
→ efficient regularized least - squares algorithms for conditional ranking on relational data ; in domains like bioinformatics , information retrieval and social network analysis , one can find learning tasks where the goal consists of inferring a ranking of objects , conditioned on a particular target object . we present a general kernel framework for learning conditional rankings from various types of relational data , where rankings can be conditioned on unseen data objects . we propose efficient algorithms for ←
→ constrained structured regression with convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have recently emerged as the dominant model in computer vision . if provided with enough training data , they predict almost any visual quantity . in a discrete setting , such as classification , cnns are not only able to predict a label but often predict a confidence in the form of a probability distribution over the output space . in continuous regression tasks , such a probability estimate is often lackin ←
→ face aging with contextual generative adversarial nets ; face aging , which renders aging faces for an input face , has attracted extensive attention in the multimedia research . recently , several conditional generative adversarial nets ( gans ) based methods have achieved great success . they can generate images fitting the real face distributions conditioned on each individual age group . however , these methods fail to capture the transition patterns , e . g ., the gradual shape and texture changes between adjacent ←
→ principal motion components for gesture recognition using a single - example ; this paper introduces principal motion components ( pmc ), a new method for one - shot gesture recognition . in the considered scenario a single training - video is available for each gesture to be recognized , which limits the application of traditional techniques ( e . g ., hmms ). in pmc , a 2d map of motion energy is obtained per each pair of consecutive frames in a video . motion maps associated to a video are processed to obtain a pca mod ←
→ landau theory of adaptive integration in computational intelligence ; computational intelligence ( ci ) is a sub - branch of artificial intelligence paradigm focusing on the study of adaptive mechanisms to enable or facilitate intelligent behavior in complex and changing environments . there are several paradigms of ci [ like artificial neural networks , evolutionary computations , swarm intelligence , artificial immune systems , fuzzy systems and many others ], each of these has its origins in biological systems [ bio ←
→ transfer learning across patient variations with hidden parameter markov decision processes ; due to physiological variation , patients diagnosed with the same condition may exhibit divergent , but related , responses to the same treatments . hidden parameter markov decision processes ( hip - mdps ) tackle this transfer - learning problem by embedding these tasks into a low - dimensional space . however , the original formulation of hip - mdp had a critical flaw : the embedding uncertainty was modeled independently of the ←
→ a method for modeling co - occurrence propensity of clinical codes with application to icd - 10 - pcs auto - coding ; objective . natural language processing methods for medical auto - coding , or automatic generation of medical billing codes from electronic health records , generally assign each code independently of the others . they may thus assign codes for closely related procedures or diagnoses to the same document , even when they do not tend to occur together in practice , simply because the right choice can be d ←
→ group - invariant subspace clustering ; in this paper we consider the problem of group invariant subspace clustering where the data is assumed to come from a union of group - invariant subspaces of a vector space , i . e . subspaces which are invariant with respect to action of a given group . algebraically , such group - invariant subspaces are also referred to as submodules . similar to the well known sparse subspace clustering approach where the data is assumed to come from a union of subspaces , we analyze an algorit ←
→ screening rules for convex problems ; we propose a new framework for deriving screening rules for convex optimization problems . our approach covers a large class of constrained and penalized optimization formulations , and works in two steps . first , given any approximate point , the structure of the objective function and the duality gap is used to gather information on the optimal solution . in the second step , this information is used to produce screening rules , i . e . safely identifying unimportant weight var ←
→ attention correctness in neural image captioning ; attention mechanisms have recently been introduced in deep learning for various tasks in natural language processing and computer vision . but despite their popularity , the " correctness " of the implicitly - learned attention maps has only been assessed qualitatively by visualization of several examples . in this paper we focus on evaluating and improving the correctness of attention in neural image captioning models . specifically , we propose a quantitative eval ←
→ a recurrent neural model with attention for the recognition of chinese implicit discourse relations ; we introduce an attention - based bi - lstm for chinese implicit discourse relations and demonstrate that modeling argument pairs as a joint sequence can outperform word order - agnostic approaches . our model benefits from a partial sampling scheme and is conceptually simple , yet achieves state - of - the - art performance on the chinese discourse treebank . we also visualize its attention activity to illustrate the m ←
→ dialogue act sequence labeling using hierarchical encoder with crf ; dialogue act recognition associate dialogue acts ( i . e ., semantic labels ) to utterances in a conversation . the problem of associating semantic labels to utterances can be treated as a sequence labeling problem . in this work , we build a hierarchical recurrent neural network using bidirectional lstm as a base unit and the conditional random field ( crf ) as the top layer to classify each utterance into its corresponding dialogue act . the hierar ←
→ a quantum diffusion network ; wong ' s diffusion network is a stochastic , zero - input hopfield network with a gibbs stationary distribution over a bounded , connected continuum . previously , logarithmic thermal annealing was demonstrated for the diffusion network and digital versions of it were studied and applied to imaging . recently , " quantum " annealed markov chains have garnered significant attention because of their improved performance over " pure " thermal annealing . in this note , a joint quantum and thermal ←
→ reduced space and faster convergence in imperfect - information games via regret - based pruning ; counterfactual regret minimization ( cfr ) is the most popular iterative algorithm for solving zero - sum imperfect - information games . regret - based pruning ( rbp ) is an improvement that allows poorly - performing actions to be temporarily pruned , thus speeding up cfr . we introduce total rbp , a new form of rbp that reduces the space requirements of cfr as actions are pruned . we prove that in zero - sum games it asymptotic ←
→ covering matroid ; in this paper , we propose a new type of matroids , namely covering matroids , and investigate the connections with the second type of covering - based rough sets and some existing special matroids . firstly , as an extension of partitions , coverings are more natural combinatorial objects and can sometimes be more efficient to deal with problems in the real world . through extending partitions to coverings , we propose a new type of matroids called covering matroids and prove them to be an extensi ←
→ amat : medial axis transform for natural images ; we introduce appearance - mat ( amat ), a generalization of the medial axis transform for natural images , that is framed as a weighted geometric set cover problem . we make the following contributions : i ) we extend previous medial point detection methods for color images , by associating each medial point with a local scale ; ii ) inspired by the invertibility property of the binary mat , we also associate each medial point with a local encoding that allows us to inve ←
→ generative and discriminative text classification with recurrent neural networks ; we empirically characterize the performance of discriminative and generative lstm models for text classification . we find that although rnn - based generative models are more powerful than their bag - of - words ancestors ( e . g ., they account for conditional dependencies across words in a document ), they have higher asymptotic error rates than discriminatively trained rnn models . however we also find that generative models approac ←
→ a semantic approach for effective document clustering using wordnet ; now a days , the text document is spontaneously increasing over the internet , e - mail and web pages and they are stored in the electronic database format . to arrange and browse the document it becomes difficult . to overcome such problem the document preprocessing , term selection , attribute reduction and maintaining the relationship between the important terms using background knowledge , wordnet , becomes an important parameters in data minin ←
→ action - affect classification and morphing using multi - task representation learning ; most recent work focused on affect from facial expressions , and not as much on body . this work focuses on body affect analysis . affect does not occur in isolation . humans usually couple affect with an action in natural interactions ; for example , a person could be talking and smiling . recognizing body affect in sequences requires efficient algorithms to capture both the micro movements that differentiate between happy and ←
→ leveraging twitter for low - resource conversational speech language modeling ; in applications involving conversational speech , data sparsity is a limiting factor in building a better language model . we propose a simple , language - independent method to quickly harvest large amounts of data from twitter to supplement a smaller training set that is more closely matched to the domain . the techniques lead to a significant reduction in perplexity on four low - resource languages even though the presence on twitter ←
→ a flexible framework for hypothesis testing in high - dimensions ; hypothesis testing in the linear regression model is a fundamental statistical problem . we consider linear regression in the high - dimensional regime where the number of parameters exceeds the number of samples ($ p > n $) and assume that the high - dimensional parameters vector is $ s_0 $ sparse . we develop a general and flexible $\ ell_ \ infty $ projection statistic for hypothesis testing in this model . our framework encompasses testing whether the par ←
→ right for the right reasons : training differentiable models by constraining their explanations ; neural networks are among the most accurate supervised learning methods in use today , but their opacity makes them difficult to trust in critical applications , especially when conditions in training differ from those in test . recent work on explanations for black - box models has produced tools ( e . g . lime ) to show the implicit rules behind predictions , which can help us identify when models are right for the wro ←
→ cross - entropy method : convergence issues for extended implementation ; the cross - entropy method ( ce ) developed by r . rubinstein is an elegant practical principle for simulating rare events . the method approximates the probability of the rare event by means of a family of probabilistic models . the method has been extended to optimization , by considering an optimal event as a rare event . ce works rather good when dealing with deterministic function optimization . now , it appears that two conditions are needed ←
→ an extremely efficient chess - board detection for non - trivial photos ; we present a set of algorithms that can be used to locate and crop the chess - board / chess - pieces from the picture , including every rectangular grid with any pattern . our method is non - parametric , and thus does not require the prior knowledge from computer vision and machine learning , which is instead inferred from data . we illustrate the application of our method to a variety of examples , such as chess - board cropping and regular grid - patte ←
→ anytime point - based approximations for large pomdps ; the partially observable markov decision process has long been recognized as a rich framework for real - world planning and control problems , especially in robotics . however exact solutions in this framework are typically computationally intractable for all but the smallest problems . a well - known technique for speeding up pomdp solving involves performing value backups at specific belief points , rather than over the entire belief simplex . the efficiency of ←
→ wavelet scattering on the pitch spiral ; we present a new representation of harmonic sounds that linearizes the dynamics of pitch and spectral envelope , while remaining stable to deformations in the time - frequency plane . it is an instance of the scattering transform , a generic operator which cascades wavelet convolutions and modulus nonlinearities . it is derived from the pitch spiral , in that convolutions are successively performed in time , log - frequency , and octave index . we give a closed - form approximatio ←
→ synthesising wider field images from narrow - field retinal video acquired using a low - cost direct ophthalmoscope ( arclight ) attached to a smartphone ; access to low cost retinal imaging devices in low and middle income countries is limited , compromising progress in preventing needless blindness . the arclight is a recently developed low - cost solar powered direct ophthalmoscope which can be attached to the camera of a smartphone to acquire retinal images and video . however , the acquired data is inherently li ←
→ snake : a stochastic proximal gradient algorithm for regularized problems over large graphs ; a regularized optimization problem over a large unstructured graph is studied , where the regularization term is tied to the graph geometry . typical regularization examples include the total variation and the laplacian regularizations over the graph . when applying the proximal gradient algorithm to solve this problem , there exist quite affordable methods to implement the proximity operator ( backward step ) in the sp ←
→ structural attention neural networks for improved sentiment analysis ; we introduce a tree - structured attention neural network for sentences and small phrases and apply it to the problem of sentiment classification . our model expands the current recursive models by incorporating structural information around a node of a syntactic tree using both bottom - up and top - down information propagation . also , the model utilizes structural attention to identify the most salient representations during the construction o ←
→ the fundamental nature of the log loss function ; the standard loss functions used in the literature on probabilistic prediction are the log loss function , the brier loss function , and the spherical loss function ; however , any computable proper loss function can be used for comparison of prediction algorithms . this note shows that the log loss function is most selective in that any prediction algorithm that is optimal for a given data sequence ( in the sense of the algorithmic theory of randomness ) under the ←
→ question retrieval for community - based question answering via heterogeneous network integration learning ; community based question answering platforms have attracted substantial users to share knowledge and learn from each other . as the rapid enlargement of cqa platforms , quantities of overlapped questions emerge , which makes users confounded to select a proper reference . it is urgent for us to take effective automated algorithms to reuse historical questions with corresponding answers . in this paper we ←
→ two are better than one : an ensemble of retrieval - and generation - based dialog systems ; open - domain human - computer conversation has attracted much attention in the field of nlp . contrary to rule - or template - based domain - specific dialog systems , open - domain conversation usually requires data - driven approaches , which can be roughly divided into two categories : retrieval - based and generation - based systems . retrieval systems search a user - issued utterance ( called a query ) in a large database , and return a r ←
→ dempster - shafer vs . probabilistic logic ; the combination of evidence in dempster - shafer theory is compared with the combination of evidence in probabilistic logic . sufficient conditions are stated for these two methods to agree . it is then shown that these conditions are minimal in the sense that disagreement can occur when any one of them is removed . an example is given in which the traditional assumption of conditional independence of evidence on hypotheses holds and a uniform prior is assumed , but proba ←
→ block - cyclic stochastic coordinate descent for deep neural networks ; we present a stochastic first - order optimization algorithm , named bcsc , that adds a cyclic constraint to stochastic block - coordinate descent . it uses different subsets of the data to update different subsets of the parameters , thus limiting the detrimental effect of outliers in the training set . empirical tests in benchmark datasets show that our algorithm outperforms state - of - the - art optimization methods in both accuracy as well as conve ←
→ automatic identification of sarcasm target : an introductory approach ; past work in computational sarcasm deals primarily with sarcasm detection . in this paper , we introduce a novel , related problem : sarcasm target identification i . e ., extracting the target of ridicule in a sarcastic sentence ). we present an introductory approach for sarcasm target identification . our approach employs two types of extractors : one based on rules , and another consisting of a statistical classifier . to compare our approach , we ←
→ recovering 3d planar arrangements from videos ; acquiring 3d geometry of real world objects has various applications in 3d digitization , such as navigation and content generation in virtual environments . image remains one of the most popular media for such visual tasks due to its simplicity of acquisition . traditional image - based 3d reconstruction approaches heavily exploit point - to - point correspondence among multiple images to estimate camera motion and 3d geometry . establishing point - to - point corresponden ←
→ importance sampling via variational optimization ; computing the exact likelihood of data in large bayesian networks consisting of thousands of vertices is often a difficult task . when these models contain many deterministic conditional probability tables and when the observed values are extremely unlikely even alternative algorithms such as variational methods and stochastic sampling often perform poorly . we present a new importance sampling algorithm for bayesian networks which is based on variational tec ←
→ texture and structure incorporated scatternet hybrid deep learning network ( ts - shdl ) for brain matter segmentation ; automation of brain matter segmentation from mr images is a challenging task due to the irregular boundaries between the grey and white matter regions . in addition , the presence of intensity inhomogeneity in the mr images further complicates the problem . in this paper , we propose a texture and vesselness incorporated version of the scatternet hybrid deep learning network ( ts - shdl ) that extr ←
→ bayesian reinforcement learning : a survey ; bayesian methods for machine learning have been widely investigated , yielding principled methods for incorporating prior information into inference algorithms . in this survey , we provide an in - depth review of the role of bayesian methods for the reinforcement learning ( rl ) paradigm . the major incentives for incorporating bayesian reasoning in rl are : 1 ) it provides an elegant approach to action - selection ( exploration / exploitation ) as a function of the uncertainty ←
→ a data - oriented model of literary language ; we consider the task of predicting how literary a text is , with a gold standard from human ratings . aside from a standard bigram baseline , we apply rich syntactic tree fragments , mined from the training set , and a series of hand - picked features . our model is the first to distinguish degrees of highly and less literary novels using a variety of lexical and syntactic features , and explains 76 . 0 % of the variation in literary ratings .←
→ kernel regression , minimax rates and effective dimensionality : beyond the regular case ; we investigate if kernel regularization methods can achieve minimax convergence rates over a source condition regularity assumption for the target function . these questions have been considered in past literature , but only under specific assumptions about the decay , typically polynomial , of the spectrum of the the kernel mapping covariance operator . in the perspective of distribution - free results , we investigate this ←
→ diagnose like a radiologist : attention guided convolutional neural network for thorax disease classification ; this paper considers the task of thorax disease classification on chest x - ray images . existing methods generally use the global image as input for network learning . such a strategy is limited in two aspects . 1 ) a thorax disease usually happens in ( small ) localized areas which are disease specific . training cnns using global image may be affected by the ( excessive ) irrelevant noisy areas . 2 ) due t ←
→ virtual embodiment : a scalable long - term strategy for artificial intelligence research ; meaning has been called the " holy grail " of a variety of scientific disciplines , ranging from linguistics to philosophy , psychology and the neurosciences . the field of artifical intelligence ( ai ) is very much a part of that list : the development of sophisticated natural language semantics is a sine qua non for achieving a level of intelligence comparable to humans . embodiment theories in cognitive science hold that hu ←
→ improving landmark localization with semi - supervised learning ; we present two techniques to improve landmark localization from partially annotated datasets . our primary goal is to leverage the common situation where precise landmark locations are only provided for a small data subset , but where class labels for classification tasks related to the landmarks are more abundantly available . we propose a new architecture for landmark localization , where training with class labels acts as an auxiliary signal to ←
→ generalizing the convolution operator in convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks have become a main tool for solving many machine vision and machine learning problems . a major element of these networks is the convolution operator which essentially computes the inner product between a weight vector and the vectorized image patches extracted by sliding a window in the image planes of the previous layer . in this paper , we propose two classes of surrogate functions for the inner product op ←
→ path integral policy improvement with covariance matrix adaptation ; there has been a recent focus in reinforcement learning on addressing continuous state and action problems by optimizing parameterized policies . pi2 is a recent example of this approach . it combines a derivation from first principles of stochastic optimal control with tools from statistical estimation theory . in this paper , we consider pi2 as a member of the wider family of methods which share the concept of probability - weighted averaging ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for event - driven multi - agent decision processes ; the incorporation of macro - actions ( temporally extended actions ) into multi - agent decision problems has the potential to address the curse of dimensionality associated with such decision problems . since macro - actions last for stochastic durations , multiple agents executing decentralized policies in cooperative environments must act asynchronously . we present an algorithm that modifies generalized advantage estimation for tempora ←
→ efficient convolutional neural networks for pixelwise classification on heterogeneous hardware systems ; this work presents and analyzes three convolutional neural network ( cnn ) models for efficient pixelwise classification of images . when using convolutional neural networks to classify single pixels in patches of a whole image , a lot of redundant computations are carried out when using sliding window networks . this set of new architectures solve this issue by either removing redundant computations or usi ←
→ asynchronous distributed variational gaussian processes for regression ; gaussian processes ( gps ) are powerful non - parametric function estimators . however , their applications are largely limited by the expensive computational cost of the inference procedures . existing stochastic or distributed synchronous variational inferences , although have alleviated this issue by scaling up gps to millions of samples , are still far from satisfactory for real - world large applications , where the data sizes are often order ←
→ guess who rated this movie : identifying users through subspace clustering ; it is often the case that , within an online recommender system , multiple users share a common account . can such shared accounts be identified solely on the basis of the userprovided ratings ? once a shared account is identified , can the different users sharing it be identified as well ? whenever such user identification is feasible , it opens the way to possible improvements in personalized recommendations , but also raises privacy co ←
→ hybrid variational / gibbs collapsed inference in topic models ; variational bayesian inference and ( collapsed ) gibbs sampling are the two important classes of inference algorithms for bayesian networks . both have their advantages and disadvantages : collapsed gibbs sampling is unbiased but is also inefficient for large count values and requires averaging over many samples to reduce variance . on the other hand , variational bayesian inference is efficient and accurate for large count values but suffers from bia ←
→ reliability and sharpness in border crossing traffic interval prediction ; short - term traffic volume prediction models have been extensively studied in the past few decades . however , most of the previous studies only focus on single - value prediction . considering the uncertain and chaotic nature of the transportation system , an accurate and reliable prediction interval with upper and lower bounds may be better than a single point value for transportation management . in this paper , we introduce a neural netwo ←
→ multiview rgb - d dataset for object instance detection ; this paper presents a new multi - view rgb - d dataset of nine kitchen scenes , each containing several objects in realistic cluttered environments including a subset of objects from the bigbird dataset . the viewpoints of the scenes are densely sampled and objects in the scenes are annotated with bounding boxes and in the 3d point cloud . also , an approach for detection and recognition is presented , which is comprised of two parts : i ) a new multi - view 3d pro ←
→ computational eco - systems for handwritten digits recognition ; inspired by the importance of diversity in biological system , we built an heterogeneous system that could achieve this goal . our architecture could be summarized in two basic steps . first , we generate a diverse set of classification hypothesis using both convolutional neural networks , currently the state - of - the - art technique for this task , among with other traditional and innovative machine learning techniques . then , we optimally combine them th ←
→ discriminatively learned hierarchical rank pooling networks ; in this work , we present novel temporal encoding methods for action and activity classification by extending the unsupervised rank pooling temporal encoding method in two ways . first , we present " discriminative rank pooling " in which the shared weights of our video representation and the parameters of the action classifiers are estimated jointly for a given training dataset of labelled vector sequences using a bilevel optimization formulation of ←
→ scalable bayesian inference for excitatory point process networks ; networks capture our intuition about relationships in the world . they describe the friendships between facebook users , interactions in financial markets , and synapses connecting neurons in the brain . these networks are richly structured with cliques of friends , sectors of stocks , and a smorgasbord of cell types that govern how neurons connect . some networks , like social network friendships , can be directly observed , but in many cases we onl ←
→ probabilistic group testing under sum observations : a parallelizable 2 - approximation for entropy loss ; we consider the problem of group testing with sum observations and noiseless answers , in which we aim to locate multiple objects by querying the number of objects in each of a sequence of chosen sets . we study a probabilistic setting with entropy loss , in which we assume a joint bayesian prior density on the locations of the objects and seek to choose the sets queried to minimize the expected entropy of ←
→ airdraw : leveraging smart watch motion sensors for mobile human computer interactions ; wearable computing is one of the fastest growing technologies today . smart watches are poised to take over at least of half the wearable devices market in the near future . smart watch screen size , however , is a limiting factor for growth , as it restricts practical text input . on the other hand , wearable devices have some features , such as consistent user interaction and hands - free , heads - up operations , which pave the w ←
→ instance - aware semantic segmentation via multi - task network cascades ; semantic segmentation research has recently witnessed rapid progress , but many leading methods are unable to identify object instances . in this paper , we present multi - task network cascades for instance - aware semantic segmentation . our model consists of three networks , respectively differentiating instances , estimating masks , and categorizing objects . these networks form a cascaded structure , and are designed to share their convolutional ←
→ on the utility of context ( or the lack thereof ) for object detection ; the recurring context in which objects appear holds valuable information that can be employed to predict their existence . this intuitive observation indeed led many researchers to endow appearance - based detectors with explicit reasoning about context . the underlying thesis suggests that with stronger contextual relations , the better improvement in detection capacity one can expect from such a combined approach . in practice , however , the ←
→ a generalized recurrent neural architecture for text classification with multi - task learning ; multi - task learning leverages potential correlations among related tasks to extract common features and yield performance gains . however , most previous works only consider simple or weak interactions , thereby failing to model complex correlations among three or more tasks . in this paper , we propose a multi - task learning architecture with four types of recurrent neural layers to fuse information across multiple r ←
→ group - sparse model selection : hardness and relaxations ; group - based sparsity models are proven instrumental in linear regression problems for recovering signals from much fewer measurements than standard compressive sensing . the main promise of these models is the recovery of " interpretable " signals through the identification of their constituent groups . in this paper , we establish a combinatorial framework for group - model selection problems and highlight the underlying tractability issues . in particular , ←
→ reinforcement learning applied to an electric water heater : from theory to practice ; electric water heaters have the ability to store energy in their water buffer without impacting the comfort of the end user . this feature makes them a prime candidate for residential demand response . however , the stochastic and nonlinear dynamics of electric water heaters , makes it challenging to harness their flexibility . driven by this challenge , this paper formulates the underlying sequential decision - making problem a ←
→ low - rank matrix factorization under general mixture noise distributions ; many computer vision problems can be posed as learning a low - dimensional subspace from high dimensional data . the low rank matrix factorization ( lrmf ) represents a commonly utilized subspace learning strategy . most of the current lrmf techniques are constructed on the optimization problems using l1 - norm and l2 - norm losses , which mainly deal with laplacian and gaussian noises , respectively . to make lrmf capable of adapting more complex ←
→ automatic dataset augmentation ; large scale image dataset and deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ) are two primary driving forces for the rapid progress made in generic object recognition tasks in recent years . while lots of network architectures have been continuously designed to pursue lower error rates , few efforts are devoted to enlarge existing datasets due to high labeling cost and unfair comparison issues . in this paper , we aim to achieve lower error rate by augmenting existing datasets in an au ←
→ an unsupervised method for uncovering morphological chains ; most state - of - the - art systems today produce morphological analysis based only on orthographic patterns . in contrast , we propose a model for unsupervised morphological analysis that integrates orthographic and semantic views of words . we model word formation in terms of morphological chains , from base words to the observed words , breaking the chains into parent - child relations . we use log - linear models with morpheme and word - level features to predi ←
→ fine - grained visual classification of aircraft ; this paper introduces fgvc - aircraft , a new dataset containing 10 , 000 images of aircraft spanning 100 aircraft models , organised in a three - level hierarchy . at the finer level , differences between models are often subtle but always visually measurable , making visual recognition challenging but possible . a benchmark is obtained by defining corresponding classification tasks and evaluation protocols , and baseline results are presented . the construction of this d ←
→ unsupervised transformation learning via convex relaxations ; our goal is to extract meaningful transformations from raw images , such as varying the thickness of lines in handwriting or the lighting in a portrait . we propose an unsupervised approach to learn such transformations by attempting to reconstruct an image from a linear combination of transformations of its nearest neighbors . on handwritten digits and celebrity portraits , we show that even with linear transformations , our method generates visually ←
→ a hierarchical framework for object recognition ; object recognition in the presence of background clutter and distractors is a central problem both in neuroscience and in machine learning . however , the performance level of the models that are inspired by cortical mechanisms , including deep networks such as convolutional neural networks and deep belief networks , is shown to significantly decrease in the presence of noise and background objects [ 19 , 24 ]. here we develop a computational framework that is hier ←
→ community detection with graph neural networks ; we study data - driven methods for community detection in graphs . this estimation problem is typically formulated in terms of the spectrum of certain operators , as well as via posterior inference under certain probabilistic graphical models . focusing on random graph families such as the stochastic block model , recent research has unified these two approaches , and identified both statistical and computational signal - to - noise detection thresholds . we embed the ←
→ conditioning of three - dimensional generative adversarial networks for pore and reservoir - scale models ; geostatistical modeling of petrophysical properties is a key step in modern integrated oil and gas reservoir studies . recently , generative adversarial networks ( gan ) have been shown to be a successful method for generating unconditional simulations of pore - and reservoir - scale models . this contribution leverages the differentiable nature of neural networks to extend gans to the conditional simulation of ←
→ target - side context for discriminative models in statistical machine translation ; discriminative translation models utilizing source context have been shown to help statistical machine translation performance . we propose a novel extension of this work using target context information . surprisingly , we show that this model can be efficiently integrated directly in the decoding process . our approach scales to large training data sizes and results in consistent improvements in translation quality on four la ←
→ on the stability of deep networks ; in this work we study the properties of deep neural networks ( dnn ) with random weights . we formally prove that these networks perform a distance - preserving embedding of the data . based on this we then draw conclusions on the size of the training data and the networks ' structure . a longer version of this paper with more results and details can be found in ( giryes et al ., 2015 ). in particular , we formally prove in the longer version that dnn with random gaussian weights per ←
→ low rank representation on grassmann manifolds : an extrinsic perspective ; many computer vision algorithms employ subspace models to represent data . the low - rank representation ( lrr ) has been successfully applied in subspace clustering for which data are clustered according to their subspace structures . the possibility of extending lrr on grassmann manifold is explored in this paper . rather than directly embedding grassmann manifold into a symmetric matrix space , an extrinsic view is taken by building the s ←
→ an exercise fatigue detection model based on machine learning methods ; this study proposes an exercise fatigue detection model based on real - time clinical data which includes time domain analysis , frequency domain analysis , detrended fluctuation analysis , approximate entropy , and sample entropy . furthermore , this study proposed a feature extraction method which is combined with an analytical hierarchy process to analyze and extract critical features . finally , machine learning algorithms were adopted to ana ←
→ what can this robot do ? learning from appearance and experiments ; when presented with an unknown robot ( subject ) how can an autonomous agent ( learner ) figure out what this new robot can do ? the subject ' s appearance can provide cues to its physical as well as cognitive capabilities . seeing a humanoid can make one wonder if it can kick balls , climb stairs or recognize faces . what if the learner can request the subject to perform these tasks ? we present an approach to make the learner build a model of the sub ←
→ understanding gans : the lqg setting ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) have become a popular method to learn a probability model from data . many gan architectures with different optimization metrics have been introduced recently . instead of proposing yet another architecture , this paper aims to provide an understanding of some of the basic issues surrounding gans . first , we propose a natural way of specifying the loss function for gans by drawing a connection with supervised learning . second , we shed ←
→ design of efficient convolutional layers using single intra - channel convolution , topological subdivisioning and spatial " bottleneck " structure ; deep convolutional neural networks achieve remarkable visual recognition performance , at the cost of high computational complexity . in this paper , we have a new design of efficient convolutional layers based on three schemes . the 3d convolution operation in a convolutional layer can be considered as performing spatial convolution in each channel and linear projec ←
→ interactive learning of state representation through natural language instruction and explanation ; one significant simplification in most previous work on robot learning is the closed - world assumption where the robot is assumed to know ahead of time a complete set of predicates describing the state of the physical world . however , robots are not likely to have a complete model of the world especially when learning a new task . to address this problem , this extended abstract gives a brief introduction to ou ←
→ social media mining for identification and exploration of health - related information from pregnant women ; widespread use of social media has led to the generation of substantial amounts of information about individuals , including health - related information . social media provides the opportunity to study health - related information about selected population groups who may be of interest for a particular study . in this paper , we explore the possibility of utilizing social media to perform targeted data coll ←
→ interpretable r - cnn ; this paper presents a method of learning qualitatively interpretable models in object detection using popular two - stage region - based convnet detection systems ( i . e ., r - cnn ). r - cnn consists of a region proposal network and a roi ( region - of - interest ) prediction network . by interpretable models , we focus on weakly - supervised extractive rationale generation , that is learning to unfold latent discriminative part configurations of object instances automatically and simultaneously in detection ←
→ solving linear constraints in elementary abelian p - groups of symmetries ; symmetries occur naturally in csp or sat problems and are not very difficult to discover , but using them to prune the search space tends to be very challenging . indeed , this usually requires finding specific elements in a group of symmetries that can be huge , and the problem of their very existence is np - hard . we formulate such an existence problem as a constraint problem on one variable ( the symmetry to be used ) ranging over a group ,←
→ online learning of noisy data with kernels ; we study online learning when individual instances are corrupted by adversarially chosen random noise . we assume the noise distribution is unknown , and may change over time with no restriction other than having zero mean and bounded variance . our technique relies on a family of unbiased estimators for non - linear functions , which may be of independent interest . we show that a variant of online gradient descent can learn functions in any dot - product ( e . g ., polynomi ←
→ scalable out - of - sample extension of graph embeddings using deep neural networks ; several popular graph embedding techniques for representation learning and dimensionality reduction rely on performing computationally expensive eigendecompositions to derive a nonlinear transformation of the input data space . the resulting eigenvectors encode the embedding coordinates for the training samples only , and so the embedding of novel data samples requires further costly computation . in this paper , we present a me ←
→ compositional dictionaries for domain adaptive face recognition ; we present a dictionary learning approach to compensate for the transformation of faces due to changes in view point , illumination , resolution , etc . the key idea of our approach is to force domain - invariant sparse coding , i . e ., design a consistent sparse representation of the same face in different domains . in this way , classifiers trained on the sparse codes in the source domain consisting of frontal faces for example can be applied to the t ←
→ scale - invariant unconstrained online learning ; we consider a variant of online convex optimization in which both the instances ( input vectors ) and the comparator ( weight vector ) are unconstrained . we exploit a natural scale invariance symmetry in our unconstrained setting : the predictions of the optimal comparator are invariant under any linear transformation of the instances . our goal is to design online algorithms which also enjoy this property , i . e . are scale - invariant . we start with the case of coordin ←
→ effects of sampling methods on prediction quality . the case of classifying land cover using decision trees ; clever sampling methods can be used to improve the handling of big data and increase its usefulness . the subject of this study is remote sensing , specifically airborne laser scanning point clouds representing different classes of ground cover . the aim is to derive a supervised learning model for the classification using carts . in order to measure the effect of different sampling methods on the clas ←
→ toward a category theory design of ontological knowledge bases ; i discuss ( ontologies_and_ontological_knowledge_bases / formal_methods_and_theories ) duality and its category theory extensions as a step toward a solution to knowledge - based systems theory . in particular i focus on the example of the design of elements of ontologies and ontological knowledge bases of next three electronic courses : foundations of research activities , virtual modeling of complex systems and introduction to string theory .←
→ exploring the imposition of synaptic precision restrictions for evolutionary synthesis of deep neural networks ; a key contributing factor to incredible success of deep neural networks has been the significant rise on massively parallel computing devices allowing researchers to greatly increase the size and depth of deep neural networks , leading to significant improvements in modeling accuracy . although deeper , larger , or complex deep neural networks have shown considerable promise , the computational comp ←
→ rapid - rate : a framework for semi - supervised real - time sentiment trend detection in unstructured big data ; commercial establishments like restaurants , service centres and retailers have several sources of customer feedback about products and services , most of which need not be as structured as rated reviews provided by services like yelp , or amazon , in terms of sentiment conveyed . for instance , amazon provides a fine - grained score on a numeric scale for product reviews . some sources , however , like social ←
→ pac learnability versus vc dimension : a footnote to a basic result of statistical learning ; a fundamental result of statistical learnig theory states that a concept class is pac learnable if and only if it is a uniform glivenko - cantelli class if and only if the vc dimension of the class is finite . however , the theorem is only valid under special assumptions of measurability of the class , in which case the pac learnability even becomes consistent . otherwise , there is a classical example , constructed under ←
→ tool and phase recognition using contextual cnn features ; a transfer learning method for generating features suitable for surgical tools and phase recognition from the imagenet classification features [ 1 ] is proposed here . in addition , methods are developed for generating contextual features and combining them with time series analysis for final classification using multi - class random forest . the proposed pipeline is tested over the training and testing datasets of m2cai16 challenges : tool and phase detect ←
→ proceedings 6th international workshop on local search techniques in constraint satisfaction ; lscs is a satellite workshop of the international conference on principles and practice of constraint programming ( cp ), since 2004 . it is devoted to local search techniques in constraint satisfaction , and focuses on all aspects of local search techniques , including : design and implementation of new algorithms , hybrid stochastic - systematic search , reactive search optimization , adaptive search , modeling for local -←
→ kernel regression by mode calculation of the conditional probability distribution ; the most direct way to express arbitrary dependencies in datasets is to estimate the joint distribution and to apply afterwards the argmax - function to obtain the mode of the corresponding conditional distribution . this method is in practice difficult , because it requires a global optimization of a complicated function , the joint distribution by fixed input variables . this article proposes a method for finding global maxima ←
→ multi - task recurrent model for speech and speaker recognition ; although highly correlated , speech and speaker recognition have been regarded as two independent tasks and studied by two communities . this is certainly not the way that people behave : we decipher both speech content and speaker traits at the same time . this paper presents a unified model to perform speech and speaker recognition simultaneously and altogether . the model is based on a unified neural network where the output of one task is fed to ←
→ bidirectional conditional generative adversarial networks ; conditional generative adversarial networks ( cgans ) are generative models that can produce data samples ($ x $) conditioned on both latent variables ($ z $) and known auxiliary information ($ c $). we propose the bidirectional cgan ( bicogan ), which effectively disentangles $ z $ and $ c $ in the generation process and provides an encoder that learns inverse mappings from $ x $ to both $ z $ and $ c $, trained jointly with the generator and the discriminator . we pr ←
→ emojinet : building a machine readable sense inventory for emoji ; emoji are a contemporary and extremely popular way to enhance electronic communication . without rigid semantics attached to them , emoji symbols take on different meanings based on the context of a message . thus , like the word sense disambiguation task in natural language processing , machines also need to disambiguate the meaning or sense of an emoji . in a first step toward achieving this goal , this paper presents emojinet , the first machine r ←
→ evaluating complex task through crowdsourcing : multiple views approach ; with the popularity of massive open online courses , grading through crowdsourcing has become a prevalent approach towards large scale classes . however , for getting grades for complex tasks , which require specific skills and efforts for grading , crowdsourcing encounters a restriction of insufficient knowledge of the workers from the crowd . due to knowledge limitation of the crowd graders , grading based on partial perspectives becomes a ←
→ conditional dependence via shannon capacity : axioms , estimators and applications ; we conduct an axiomatic study of the problem of estimating the strength of a known causal relationship between a pair of variables . we propose that an estimate of causal strength should be based on the conditional distribution of the effect given the cause ( and not on the driving distribution of the cause ), and study dependence measures on conditional distributions . shannon capacity , appropriately regularized , emerges as a ←
→ fml - based dynamic assessment agent for human - machine cooperative system on game of go ; in this paper , we demonstrate the application of fuzzy markup language ( fml ) to construct an fml - based dynamic assessment agent ( fdaa ), and we present an fml - based human - machine cooperative system ( fhmcs ) for the game of go . the proposed fdaa comprises an intelligent decision - making and learning mechanism , an intelligent game bot , a proximal development agent , and an intelligent agent . the intelligent game bot is based ←
→ spectral sparsification and regret minimization beyond matrix multiplicative updates ; in this paper , we provide a novel construction of the linear - sized spectral sparsifiers of batson , spielman and srivastava [ bss14 ]. while previous constructions required $\ omega ( n ^ 4 )$ running time [ bss14 , zou12 ], our sparsification routine can be implemented in almost - quadratic running time $ o ( n ^{ 2 +\ varepsilon })$. the fundamental conceptual novelty of our work is the leveraging of a strong connection between sparsific ←
→ decaf : a deep convolutional activation feature for generic visual recognition ; we evaluate whether features extracted from the activation of a deep convolutional network trained in a fully supervised fashion on a large , fixed set of object recognition tasks can be re - purposed to novel generic tasks . our generic tasks may differ significantly from the originally trained tasks and there may be insufficient labeled or unlabeled data to conventionally train or adapt a deep architecture to the new tasks . we i ←
→ replicating kernels with a short stride allows sparse reconstructions with fewer independent kernels ; in sparse coding it is common to tile an image into nonoverlapping patches , and then use a dictionary to create a sparse representation of each tile independently . in this situation , the overcompleteness of the dictionary is the number of dictionary elements divided by the patch size . in deconvolutional neural networks ( dcns ), dictionaries learned on nonoverlapping tiles are replaced by a family of convo ←
→ bpcmont : business process change management ontology ; change management for evolving collaborative business process development is crucial when the business logic , transections and workflow change due to changes in business strategies or organizational and technical environment . during the change implementation , business processes are analyzed and improved ensuring that they capture the proposed change and they do not contain any undesired functionalities or change side - effects . this paper presents busines ←
→ the dialog state tracking challenge with bayesian approach ; generative model has been one of the most common approaches for solving the dialog state tracking problem with the capabilities to model the dialog hypotheses in an explicit manner . the most important task in such bayesian networks models is constructing the most reliable user models by learning and reflecting the training data into the probability distribution of user actions conditional on networks states . this paper provides an overall picture ←
→ replicability analysis for natural language processing : testing significance with multiple datasets ; with the ever - growing amounts of textual data from a large variety of languages , domains , and genres , it has become standard to evaluate nlp algorithms on multiple datasets in order to ensure consistent performance across heterogeneous setups . however , such multiple comparisons pose significant challenges to traditional statistical analysis methods in nlp and can lead to erroneous conclusions . in this pap ←
→ an ontology - driven framework for supporting complex decision process ; the study proposes a framework of ontology - based group decision support system ( ontogdss ) for decision process which exhibits the complex structure of decision - problem and decision - group . it is capable of reducing the complexity of problem structure and group relations . the system allows decision makers to participate in group decision - making through the web environment , via the ontology relation . it facilitates the management of decisio ←
→ who leads the clothing fashion : style , color , or texture ? a computational study ; it is well known that clothing fashion is a distinctive and often habitual trend in the style in which a person dresses . clothing fashions are usually expressed with visual stimuli such as style , color , and texture . however , it is not clear which visual stimulus places higher / lower influence on the updating of clothing fashion . in this study , computer vision and machine learning techniques are employed to analyze the influen ←
→ a location - aware embedding technique for accurate landmark recognition ; the current state of the research in landmark recognition highlights the good accuracy which can be achieved by embedding techniques , such as fisher vector and vlad . all these techniques do not exploit spatial information , i . e . consider all the features and the corresponding descriptors without embedding their location in the image . this paper presents a new variant of the well - known vlad ( vector of locally aggregated descriptors ) embe ←
→ detecting large concept extensions for conceptual analysis ; when performing a conceptual analysis of a concept , philosophers are interested in all forms of expression of a concept in a text --- be it direct or indirect , explicit or implicit . in this paper , we experiment with topic - based methods of automating the detection of concept expressions in order to facilitate philosophical conceptual analysis . we propose six methods based on lda , and evaluate them on a new corpus of court decision that we had annotat ←
→ doubly robust policy evaluation and learning ; we study decision making in environments where the reward is only partially observed , but can be modeled as a function of an action and an observed context . this setting , known as contextual bandits , encompasses a wide variety of applications including health - care policy and internet advertising . a central task is evaluation of a new policy given historic data consisting of contexts , actions and received rewards . the key challenge is that the past data typicall ←
→ visual question : predicting if a crowd will agree on the answer ; visual question answering ( vqa ) systems are emerging from a desire to empower users to ask any natural language question about visual content and receive a valid answer in response . however , close examination of the vqa problem reveals an unavoidable , entangled problem that multiple humans may or may not always agree on a single answer to a visual question . we train a model to automatically predict from a visual question whether a crowd would ←
→ a canonical semi - deterministic transducer ; we prove the existence of a canonical form for semi - deterministic transducers with incomparable sets of output strings . based on this , we develop an algorithm which learns semi - deterministic transducers given access to translation queries . we also prove that there is no learning algorithm for semi - deterministic transducers that uses only domain knowledge .←
→ normalized gradient with adaptive stepsize method for deep neural network training ; in this paper , we propose a generic and simple algorithmic framework for first order optimization . the framework essentially contains two consecutive steps in each iteration : 1 ) computing and normalizing the mini - batch stochastic gradient ; 2 ) selecting adaptive step size to update the decision variable ( parameter ) towards the negative of the normalized gradient . we show that the proposed approach , when customized to the p ←
→ normalized information distance ; the normalized information distance is a universal distance measure for objects of all kinds . it is based on kolmogorov complexity and thus uncomputable , but there are ways to utilize it . first , compression algorithms can be used to approximate the kolmogorov complexity if the objects have a string representation . second , for names and abstract concepts , page count statistics from the world wide web can be used . these practical realizations of the normalized information dis ←
→ multi - swarm pso algorithm for the quadratic assignment problem : a massive parallel implementation on the opencl platform ; this paper presents a multi - swarm pso algorithm for the quadratic assignment problem ( qap ) implemented on opencl platform . our work was motivated by results of time efficiency tests performed for single - swarm algorithm implementation that showed clearly that the benefits of a parallel execution platform can be fully exploited , if the processed population is large . the described algori ←
→ reinforcement learning of speech recognition system based on policy gradient and hypothesis selection ; speech recognition systems have achieved high recognition performance for several tasks . however , the performance of such systems is dependent on the tremendously costly development work of preparing vast amounts of task - matched transcribed speech data for supervised training . the key problem here is the cost of transcribing speech data . the cost is repeatedly required to support new languages and new t ←
→ automatic knot adjustment using dolphin echolocation algorithm for b - spline curve approximation ; in this paper , a new approach to solve the cubic b - spline curve fitting problem is presented based on a meta - heuristic algorithm called " dolphin echolocation ". the method minimizes the proximity error value of the selected nodes that measured using the least squares method and the euclidean distance method of the new curve generated by the reverse engineering . the results of the proposed method are compared ←
→ comparing heterogeneous entities using artificial neural networks of trainable weighted structural components and machine - learned activation functions ; to compare entities of differing types and structural components , the artificial neural network paradigm was used to cross - compare structural components between heterogeneous documents . trainable weighted structural components were input into machine - learned activation functions of the neurons . the model was used for matching news articles and videos , w ←
→ uncertainty in ontologies : dempster - shafer theory for data fusion applications ; nowadays ontologies present a growing interest in data fusion applications . as a matter of fact , the ontologies are seen as a semantic tool for describing and reasoning about sensor data , objects , relations and general domain theories . in addition , uncertainty is perhaps one of the most important characteristics of the data and information handled by data fusion . however , the fundamental nature of ontologies implies that onto ←
→ projection onto the probability simplex : an efficient algorithm with a simple proof , and an application ; we provide an elementary proof of a simple , efficient algorithm for computing the euclidean projection of a point onto the probability simplex . we also show an application in laplacian k - modes clustering .←
→ combining lexical features and a supervised learning approach for arabic sentiment analysis ; the importance of building sentiment analysis tools for arabic social media has been recognized during the past couple of years , especially with the rapid increase in the number of arabic social media users . one of the main difficulties in tackling this problem is that text within social media is mostly colloquial , with many dialects being used within social media platforms . in this paper , we present a set of fea ←
→ reinforcement learning in pomdps with memoryless options and option - observation initiation sets ; many real - world reinforcement learning problems have a hierarchical nature , and often exhibit some degree of partial observability . while hierarchy and partial observability are usually tackled separately ( for instance by combining recurrent neural networks and options ), we show that addressing both problems simultaneously is simpler and more efficient in many cases . more specifically , we make the initiation ←
→ drawing and analyzing causal dags with dagitty ; dagitty is a software for drawing and analyzing causal diagrams , also known as directed acyclic graphs ( dags ). functions include identification of minimal sufficient adjustment sets for estimating causal effects , diagnosis of insufficient or invalid adjustment via the identification of biasing paths , identification of instrumental variables , and derivation of testable implications . dagitty is provided in the hope that it is useful for researchers and students ←
→ evolutionary turing in the context of evolutionary machines ; one of the roots of evolutionary computation was the idea of turing about unorganized machines . the goal of this work is the development of foundations for evolutionary computations , connecting turing ' s ideas and the contemporary state of art in evolutionary computations . to achieve this goal , we develop a general approach to evolutionary processes in the computational context , building mathematical models of computational systems , functioning of ←
→ auto - painter : cartoon image generation from sketch by using conditional generative adversarial networks ; recently , realistic image generation using deep neural networks has become a hot topic in machine learning and computer vision . images can be generated at the pixel level by learning from a large collection of images . learning to generate colorful cartoon images from black - and - white sketches is not only an interesting research problem , but also a potential application in digital entertainment . in this ←
→ effective pedestrian detection using center - symmetric local binary / trinary patterns ; accurately detecting pedestrians in images plays a critically important role in many computer vision applications . extraction of effective features is the key to this task . promising features should be discriminative , robust to various variations and easy to compute . in this work , we present novel features , termed dense center - symmetric local binary patterns ( cs - lbp ) and pyramid center - symmetric local binary / ternary patt ←
→ sparse signal processing with linear and nonlinear observations : a unified shannon - theoretic approach ; we derive fundamental sample complexity bounds for recovering sparse and structured signals for linear and nonlinear observation models including sparse regression , group testing , multivariate regression and problems with missing features . in general , sparse signal processing problems can be characterized in terms of the following markovian property . we are given a set of $ n $ variables $ x_1 , x_2 ,\ ldots , x ←
→ pgmhd : a scalable probabilistic graphical model for massive hierarchical data problems ; in the big data era , scalability has become a crucial requirement for any useful computational model . probabilistic graphical models are very useful for mining and discovering data insights , but they are not scalable enough to be suitable for big data problems . bayesian networks particularly demonstrate this limitation when their data is represented using few random variables while each random variable has a massive s ←
→ subspace clustering based on low rank representation and weighted nuclear norm minimization ; subspace clustering refers to the problem of segmenting a set of data points approximately drawn from a union of multiple linear subspaces . aiming at the subspace clustering problem , various subspace clustering algorithms have been proposed and low rank representation based subspace clustering is a very promising and efficient subspace clustering algorithm . low rank representation method seeks the lowest rank rep ←
→ sad - gan : synthetic autonomous driving using generative adversarial networks ; autonomous driving is one of the most recent topics of interest which is aimed at replicating human driving behavior keeping in mind the safety issues . we approach the problem of learning synthetic driving using generative neural networks . the main idea is to make a controller trainer network using images plus key press data to mimic human learning . we used the architecture of a stable gan to make predictions between driving sce ←
→ aggregating learned probabilistic beliefs ; we consider the task of aggregating beliefs of severalexperts . we assume that these beliefs are represented as probabilitydistributions . we argue that the evaluation of any aggregationtechnique depends on the semantic context of this task . we propose aframework , in which we assume that nature generates samples from a ` true ' distribution and different experts form their beliefs based onthe subsets of the data they have a chance to observe . naturally , theideal aggreg ←
→ ran : radical analysis networks for zero - shot learning of chinese characters ; chinese characters have a huge set of character categories , more than 20 , 000 and the number is still increasing as more and more novel characters continue being created . however , the enormous characters can be decomposed into a few fundamental structural radicals , only about 500 . this paper introduces the radical analysis networks ( ran ) that recognize chinese characters by identifying radicals and analyzing 2d spatial structures ←
→ query - by - example spoken term detection using attention - based multi - hop networks ; retrieving spoken content with spoken queries , or query - by - example spoken term detection ( std ), is attractive because it makes possible the matching of signals directly on the acoustic level without transcribing them into text . here , we propose an end - to - end query - by - example std model based on an attention - based multi - hop network , whose input is a spoken query and an audio segment containing several utterances ; the output s ←
→ a survey on heterogeneous face recognition : sketch , infra - red , 3d and low - resolution ; heterogeneous face recognition ( hfr ) refers to matching face imagery across different domains . it has received much interest from the research community as a result of its profound implications in law enforcement . a wide variety of new invariant features , cross - modality matching models and heterogeneous datasets being established in recent years . this survey provides a comprehensive review of established techniques and ←
→ towards well - specified semi - supervised model - based classifiers via structural adaptation ; semi - supervised learning plays an important role in large - scale machine learning . properly using additional unlabeled data ( largely available nowadays ) often can improve the machine learning accuracy . however , if the machine learning model is misspecified for the underlying true data distribution , the model performance could be seriously jeopardized . this issue is known as model misspecification . to address this iss ←
→ efficient klms and krls algorithms : a random fourier feature perspective ; we present a new framework for online least squares algorithms for nonlinear modeling in rkh spaces ( rkhs ). instead of implicitly mapping the data to a rkhs ( e . g ., kernel trick ), we map the data to a finite dimensional euclidean space , using random features of the kernel ' s fourier transform . the advantage is that , the inner product of the mapped data approximates the kernel function . the resulting " linear " algorithm does not require ←
→ on the blindspots of convolutional networks ; deep convolutional network has been the state - of - the - art approach for a wide variety of tasks over the last few years . its successes have , in many cases , turned it into the default model in quite a few domains . in this work we will demonstrate that convolutional networks have limitations that may , in some cases , hinder it from learning properties of the data , which are easily recognizable by traditional , less demanding , models . to this end , we present a series ←
→ best - first model merging for hidden markov model induction ; this report describes a new technique for inducing the structure of hidden markov models from data which is based on the general ` model merging ' strategy ( omohundro 1992 ). the process begins with a maximum likelihood hmm that directly encodes the training data . successively more general models are produced by merging hmm states . a bayesian posterior probability criterion is used to determine which states to merge and when to stop generalizing . the ←
→ updating sets of probabilities ; there are several well - known justifications for conditioning as the appropriate method for updating a single probability measure , given an observation . however , there is a significant body of work arguing for sets of probability measures , rather than single measures , as a more realistic model of uncertainty . conditioning still makes sense in this context -- we can simply condition each measure in the set individually , then combine the results -- and , indeed , it seems to be the p ←
→ multivariate regression with gross errors on manifold - valued data ; we consider the topic of multivariate regression on manifold - valued output , that is , for a multivariate observation , its output response lies on a manifold . moreover , we propose a new regression model to deal with the presence of grossly corrupted manifold - valued responses , a bottleneck issue commonly encountered in practical scenarios . our model first takes a correction step on the grossly corrupted responses via geodesic curves on the man ←
→ saliency benchmarking : separating models , maps and metrics ; the field of fixation prediction is heavily model - driven , with dozens of new models published every year . however , progress in the field can be difficult to judge because models are compared using a variety of inconsistent metrics . as soon as a saliency map is optimized for a certain metric , it is penalized by other metrics . here we propose a principled approach to solve the benchmarking problem : we separate the notions of saliency models and sali ←
→ assisted energy management in smart microgrids ; demand response provides utilities with a mechanism to share with end users the stochasticity resulting from the use of renewable sources . pricing is accordingly used to reflect energy availability , to allocate such a limited resource to those loads that value it most . however , the strictly competitive mechanism can result in service interruption in presence of competing demand . to solve this issue we investigate on the use of forward contracts , i . e ., service ←
→ motor learning mechanism on the neuron scale ; based on existing data , we wish to put forward a biological model of motor system on the neuron scale . then we indicate its implications in statistics and learning . specifically , neuron firing frequency and synaptic strength are probability estimates in essence . and the lateral inhibition also has statistical implications . from the standpoint of learning , dendritic competition through retrograde messengers is the foundation of conditional reflex and grandmother ←
→ learning joint feature adaptation for zero - shot recognition ; zero - shot recognition ( zsr ) aims to recognize target - domain data instances of unseen classes based on the models learned from associated pairs of seen - class source and target domain data . one of the key challenges in zsr is the relative scarcity of source - domain features ( e . g . one feature vector per class ), which do not fully account for wide variability in target - domain instances . in this paper we propose a novel framework of learning data - depen ←
→ detecting and correcting for label shift with black box predictors ; faced with distribution shift between training and test set , we wish to detect and quantify the shift , and to correct our classifiers without test set labels . motivated by medical diagnosis , where diseases ( targets ), cause symptoms ( observations ), we focus on label shift , where the label marginal $ p ( y )$ changes but the conditional $ p ( x | y )$ does not . we propose black box shift estimation ( bbse ) to estimate the test distribution $ p ( y )$. bbse ←
→ on the influence of selection operators on performances in cellular genetic algorithms ; in this paper , we study the influence of the selective pressure on the performance of cellular genetic algorithms . cellular genetic algorithms are genetic algorithms where the population is embedded on a toroidal grid . this structure makes the propagation of the best so far individual slow down , and allows to keep in the population potentially good solutions . we present two selective pressure reducing strategies in or ←
→ seven ways to improve example - based single image super resolution ; in this paper we present seven techniques that everybody should know to improve example - based single image super resolution ( sr ): 1 ) augmentation of data , 2 ) use of large dictionaries with efficient search structures , 3 ) cascading , 4 ) image self - similarities , 5 ) back projection refinement , 6 ) enhanced prediction by consistency check , and 7 ) context reasoning . we validate our seven techniques on standard sr benchmarks ( i . e . set5 , set14 , b100 ←
→ the semantic web takes wing : programming ontologies with tawny - owl ; the tawny - owl library provides a fully - programmatic environment for ontology building ; it enables the use of a rich set of tools for ontology development , by recasting development as a form of programming . it is built in clojure - a modern lisp dialect , and is backed by the owl api . used simply , it has a similar syntax to owl manchester syntax , but it provides arbitrary extensibility and abstraction . it builds on existing facilities for cl ←
→ learning to win by reading manuals in a monte - carlo framework ; domain knowledge is crucial for effective performance in autonomous control systems . typically , human effort is required to encode this knowledge into a control algorithm . in this paper , we present an approach to language grounding which automatically interprets text in the context of a complex control application , such as a game , and uses domain knowledge extracted from the text to improve control performance . both text analysis and control st ←
→ dmath : distributed linear algebra for dl ; the paper presents a parallel math library , dmath , that demonstrates leading scaling when using intranode , internode , and hybrid - parallelism for deep learning ( dl ). dmath provides easy - to - use distributed primitives and a variety of domain - specific algorithms including matrix multiplication , convolutions , and others allowing for rapid development of scalable applications like deep neural networks ( dnns ). persistent data stored in gpu memory and advanced memory manag ←
→ identifying the absorption bump with deep learning ; the pervasive interstellar dust grains provide significant insights to understand the formation and evolution of the stars , planetary systems , and the galaxies , and may harbor the building blocks of life . one of the most effective way to analyze the dust is via their interaction with the light from background sources . the observed extinction curves and spectral features carry the size and composition information of dust . the broad absorption bump at 2175 ←
→ a polynomial - time deterministic approach to the traveling salesperson problem ; we propose a new polynomial - time deterministic algorithm that produces an approximated solution for the traveling salesperson problem . the proposed algorithm ranks cities based on their priorities calculated using a power function of means and standard deviations of their distances from other cities and then connects the cities to their neighbors in the order of their priorities . when connecting a city , a neighbor is selected ←
→ a new geometric approach to latent topic modeling and discovery ; a new geometrically - motivated algorithm for nonnegative matrix factorization is developed and applied to the discovery of latent " topics " for text and image " document " corpora . the algorithm is based on robustly finding and clustering extreme points of empirical cross - document word - frequencies that correspond to novel " words " unique to each topic . in contrast to related approaches that are based on solving non - convex optimization problems usi ←
→ grasp and path - relinking for coalition structure generation ; in artificial intelligence with coalition structure generation ( csg ) one refers to those cooperative complex problems that require to find an optimal partition , maximising a social welfare , of a set of entities involved in a system into exhaustive and disjoint coalitions . the solution of the csg problem finds applications in many fields such as machine learning ( covering machines , clustering ), data mining ( decision tree , discretization ), graph th ←
→ enumerating markov equivalence classes of acyclic digraph models ; graphical markov models determined by acyclic digraphs ( adgs ), also called directed acyclic graphs ( dags ), are widely studied in statistics , computer science ( as bayesian networks ), operations research ( as influence diagrams ), and many related fields . because different adgs may determine the same markov equivalence class , it long has been of interest to determine the efficiency gained in model specification and search by working directly wit ←
→ adversarial transformation networks : learning to generate adversarial examples ; multiple different approaches of generating adversarial examples have been proposed to attack deep neural networks . these approaches involve either directly computing gradients with respect to the image pixels , or directly solving an optimization on the image pixels . in this work , we present a fundamentally new method for generating adversarial examples that is fast to execute and provides exceptional diversity of output . we ←
→ modèle à processus latent et algorithme em pour la régression non linéaire ; a non linear regression approach which consists of a specific regression model incorporating a latent process , allowing various polynomial regression models to be activated preferentially and smoothly , is introduced in this paper . the model parameters are estimated by maximum likelihood performed via a dedicated expecation - maximization ( em ) algorithm . an experimental study using simulated and real data sets reveals good performan ←
→ median algorithm for sector spectra calculation from images registered by the spectral airglow temperature imager ; the spectral airglow temperature imager is an instrument , specially designed for investigation of the wave processes in the mesosphere - lower thermosphere . in order to determine the kinematic parameters of a wave , the values of a physical quantity in different space points and their changes in the time should be known . as a result of the possibilities of the sati instrument for space scanning ←
→ grounding fo and fo ( id ) with bounds ; grounding is the task of reducing a first - order theory and finite domain to an equivalent propositional theory . it is used as preprocessing phase in many logic - based reasoning systems . such systems provide a rich first - order input language to a user and can rely on efficient propositional solvers to perform the actual reasoning . besides a first - order theory and finite domain , the input for grounders contains in many applications also additional data . by exploiting this ←
→ a simple dynamic mind - map framework to discover associative relationships in transactional data streams ; in this paper , we informally introduce dynamic mind - maps that represent a new approach on the basis of a dynamic construction of connectionist structures during the processing of a data stream . this allows the representation and processing of recursively defined structures and avoids the problem of a more traditional , fixed - size architecture with the processing of input structures of unknown size . for ←
→ prioritized experience replay ; experience replay lets online reinforcement learning agents remember and reuse experiences from the past . in prior work , experience transitions were uniformly sampled from a replay memory . however , this approach simply replays transitions at the same frequency that they were originally experienced , regardless of their significance . in this paper we develop a framework for prioritizing experience , so as to replay important transitions more frequently , and therefore learn more ←
→ delta learning rule for the active sites model ; this paper reports the results on methods of comparing the memory retrieval capacity of the hebbian neural network which implements the b - matrix approach , by using the widrow - hoff rule of learning . we then , extend the recently proposed active sites model by developing a delta rule to increase memory capacity . also , this paper extends the binary neural network to a multi - level ( non - binary ) neural network .←
→ fine - grained entity typing with high - multiplicity assignments ; as entity type systems become richer and more fine - grained , we expect the number of types assigned to a given entity to increase . however , most fine - grained typing work has focused on datasets that exhibit a low degree of type multiplicity . in this paper , we consider the high - multiplicity regime inherent in data sources such as wikipedia that have semi - open type systems . we introduce a set - prediction approach to this problem and show that our m ←
→ spatial semantic regularisation for large scale object detection ; large scale object detection with thousands of classes introduces the problem of many contradicting false positive detections , which have to be suppressed . class - independent non - maximum suppression has traditionally been used for this step , but it does not scale well as the number of classes grows . traditional non - maximum suppression does not consider label - and instance - level relationships nor does it allow an exploitation of the spatial la ←
→ graduality in argumentation ; argumentation is based on the exchange and valuation of interacting arguments , followed by the selection of the most acceptable of them ( for example , in order to take a decision , to make a choice ). starting from the framework proposed by dung in 1995 , our purpose is to introduce ' graduality ' in the selection of the best arguments , i . e ., to be able to partition the set of the arguments in more than the two usual subsets of ' selected ' and ' non - selected ' arguments in order to repr ←
→ 3d face recognition using significant point based suld descriptor ; in this work , we present a new 3d face recognition method based on speeded - up local descriptor ( suld ) of significant points extracted from the range images of faces . the proposed model consists of a method for extracting distinctive invariant features from range images of faces that can be used to perform reliable matching between different poses of range images of faces . for a given 3d face scan , range images are computed and the potential ←
→ deep learning applied to image and text matching ; the ability to describe images with natural language sentences is the hallmark for image and language understanding . such a system has wide ranging applications such as annotating images and using natural sentences to search for images . in this project we focus on the task of bidirectional image retrieval : such asystem is capable of retrieving an image based on a sentence ( image search ) andretrieve sentence based on an image query ( image annotation ). we pres ←
→ a convex parametrization of a new class of universal kernel functions for use in kernel learning ; we propose a new class of universal kernel functions which admit a linear parametrization using positive semidefinite matrices . these kernels are generalizations of the sobolev kernel and are defined by piecewise - polynomial functions . the class of kernels is termed " tessellated " as the resulting discriminant is defined piecewise with hyper - rectangular domains whose corners are determined by the training data ←
→ grid - based angle - constrained path planning ; square grids are commonly used in robotics and game development as spatial models and well known in ai community heuristic search algorithms ( such as a *, jps , theta * etc .) are widely used for path planning on grids . a lot of research is concentrated on finding the shortest ( in geometrical sense ) paths while in many applications finding smooth paths ( rather than the shortest ones but containing sharp turns ) is preferable . in this paper we study the problem of gene ←
→ a counterexample to the forward recursion in fuzzy critical path analysis under discrete fuzzy sets ; fuzzy logic is an alternate approach for quantifying uncertainty relating to activity duration . the fuzzy version of the backward recursion has been shown to produce results that incorrectly amplify the level of uncertainty . however , the fuzzy version of the forward recursion has been widely proposed as an approach for determining the fuzzy set of critical path lengths . in this paper , the direct applicati ←
→ scalable dense monocular surface reconstruction ; this paper reports on a novel template - free monocular non - rigid surface reconstruction approach . existing techniques using motion and deformation cues rely on multiple prior assumptions , are often computationally expensive and do not perform equally well across the variety of data sets . in contrast , the proposed scalable monocular surface reconstruction ( smsr ) combines strengths of several algorithms , i . e ., it is scalable with the number of points , can handl ←
→ a generic regression framework for pose recognition on color and depth images ; cascaded regression method is a fast and accurate method on finding 2d pose of objects in rgb images . it is able to find the accurate pose of objects in an image by a great number of corrections on the good initial guess of the pose of objects . this paper explains the algorithm and shows the result of two experiments carried by the researchers . the presented new method to quickly and accurately predict 3d positions of body joi ←
→ phoneme discrimination using $ ks $- algebra ii ; $ ks $- algebra consists of expressions constructed with four kinds operations , the minimum , maximum , difference and additively homogeneous generalized means . five families of $ z $- classifiers are investigated on binary classification tasks between english phonemes . it is shown that the classifiers are able to reflect well known formant characteristics of vowels , while having very small kolmogoroff ' s complexity .←
→ cloud no longer a silver bullet , edge to the rescue ; this paper takes the position that , while cognitive computing today relies heavily on the cloud , we will soon see a paradigm shift where cognitive computing primarily happens on network edges . the shift toward edge devices is fundamentally propelled both by technological constraints in data centers and wireless network infrastructures , as well as practical considerations such as privacy and safety . the remainder of this paper lays out our view of how the ←
→ underdamped langevin mcmc : a non - asymptotic analysis ; we study the underdamped langevin diffusion when the log of the target distribution is smooth and strongly concave . we present a mcmc algorithm based on its discretization and show that it achieves $\ varepsilon $ error ( in 2 - wasserstein distance ) in $\ mathcal { o }(\ sqrt { d }/\ varepsilon )$ steps . this is a significant improvement over the best known rate for overdamped langevin mcmc , which is $\ mathcal { o }( d /\ varepsilon ^ 2 )$ steps under the same smoothness / conc ←
→ inference compilation and universal probabilistic programming ; we introduce a method for using deep neural networks to amortize the cost of inference in models from the family induced by universal probabilistic programming languages , establishing a framework that combines the strengths of probabilistic programming and deep learning methods . we call what we do " compilation of inference " because our method transforms a denotational specification of an inference problem in the form of a probabilistic program ←
→ an alternative gospel of structure : order , composition , processes ; we survey some basic mathematical structures , which arguably are more primitive than the structures taught at school . these structures are orders , with or without composition , and ( symmetric ) monoidal categories . we list several ` real life ' incarnations of each of these . this paper also serves as an introduction to these structures and their current and potentially future uses in linguistics , physics and knowledge representation .←
→ adaptively learning the crowd kernel ; we introduce an algorithm that , given n objects , learns a similarity matrix over all n ^ 2 pairs , from crowdsourced data alone . the algorithm samples responses to adaptively chosen triplet - based relative - similarity queries . each query has the form " is object ' a ' more similar to ' b ' or to ' c '?" and is chosen to be maximally informative given the preceding responses . the output is an embedding of the objects into euclidean space ( like mds ); we refer to this as the " crowd k ←
→ altitude training : strong bounds for single - layer dropout ; dropout training , originally designed for deep neural networks , has been successful on high - dimensional single - layer natural language tasks . this paper proposes a theoretical explanation for this phenomenon : we show that , under a generative poisson topic model with long documents , dropout training improves the exponent in the generalization bound for empirical risk minimization . dropout achieves this gain much like a marathon runner who practices a ←
→ maximally informative hierarchical representations of high - dimensional data ; we consider a set of probabilistic functions of some input variables as a representation of the inputs . we present bounds on how informative a representation is about input data . we extend these bounds to hierarchical representations so that we can quantify the contribution of each layer towards capturing the information in the original data . the special form of these bounds leads to a simple , bottom - up optimization procedure to ←
→ muprop : unbiased backpropagation for stochastic neural networks ; deep neural networks are powerful parametric models that can be trained efficiently using the backpropagation algorithm . stochastic neural networks combine the power of large parametric functions with that of graphical models , which makes it possible to learn very complex distributions . however , as backpropagation is not directly applicable to stochastic networks that include discrete sampling operations within their computational graph , trai ←
→ generating high - order threshold functions with multiple thresholds ; in this paper , we consider situations in which a given logical function is realized by a multithreshold threshold function . in such situations , constant functions can be easily obtained from multithreshold threshold functions , and therefore , we can show that it becomes possible to optimize a class of high - order neural networks . we begin by proposing a generating method for threshold functions in which we use a vector that determines the bo ←
→ dependent relevance determination for smooth and structured sparse regression ; in many problem settings , parameter vectors are not merely sparse , but dependent in such a way that non - zero coefficients tend to cluster together . we refer to this form of dependency as " region sparsity ". classical sparse regression methods , such as the lasso and automatic relevance determination ( ard ), which model parameters as independent a priori , and therefore do not exploit such dependencies . here we introduce a hierarch ←
→ raiders of the lost architecture : kernels for bayesian optimization in conditional parameter spaces ; in practical bayesian optimization , we must often search over structures with differing numbers of parameters . for instance , we may wish to search over neural network architectures with an unknown number of layers . to relate performance data gathered for different architectures , we define a new kernel for conditional parameter spaces that explicitly includes information about which parameters are relevant ←
→ yotube : searching action proposal via recurrent and static regression networks ; in this paper , we present yotube - a novel network fusion framework for searching action proposals in untrimmed videos , where each action proposal corresponds to a spatialtemporal video tube that potentially locates one human action . our method consists of a recurrent yotube detector and a static yotube detector , where the recurrent yotube explores the regression capability of rnn for candidate bounding boxes predictions using ←
→ not to cry wolf : distantly supervised multitask learning in critical care ; patients in the intensive care unit ( icu ) require constant and close supervision . to assist clinical staff in this task , hospitals use monitoring systems that trigger audiovisual alarms if their algorithms indicate that a patient ' s condition may be worsening . however , current monitoring systems are extremely sensitive to movement artefacts and technical errors . as a result , they typically trigger hundreds to thousands of false ala ←
→ normalized total gradient : a new measure for multispectral image registration ; image registration is a fundamental issue in multispectral image processing . in filter wheel based multispectral imaging systems , the non - coplanar placement of the filters always causes the misalignment of multiple channel images . the selective characteristic of spectral response in multispectral imaging raises two challenges to image registration . first , the intensity levels of a local region may be different in individual ch ←
→ geo - referencing place from everyday natural language descriptions ; natural language place descriptions in everyday communication provide a rich source of spatial knowledge about places . an important step to utilize such knowledge in information systems is geo - referencing all the places referred to in these descriptions . current techniques for geo - referencing places from text documents are using place name recognition and disambiguation ; however , place descriptions often contain place references that are no ←
→ paris - lille - 3d : a large and high - quality ground truth urban point cloud dataset for automatic segmentation and classification ; this paper introduces a new urban point cloud dataset for automatic segmentation and classification acquired by mobile laser scanning ( mls ). we describe how the dataset is obtained from acquisition to post - processing and labeling . this dataset can be used to learn classification algorithm , however , given that a great attention has been paid to the split between the different obje ←
→ document classification by inversion of distributed language representations ; there have been many recent advances in the structure and measurement of distributed language models : those that map from words to a vector - space that is rich in information about word choice and composition . this vector - space is the distributed language representation . the goal of this note is to point out that any distributed representation can be turned into a classifier through inversion via bayes rule . the approach is simp ←
→ video2gif : automatic generation of animated gifs from video ; we introduce the novel problem of automatically generating animated gifs from video . gifs are short looping video with no sound , and a perfect combination between image and video that really capture our attention . gifs tell a story , express emotion , turn events into humorous moments , and are the new wave of photojournalism . we pose the question : can we automate the entirely manual and elaborate process of gif creation by leveraging the plethora o ←
→ verifying controllers against adversarial examples with bayesian optimization ; recent successes in reinforcement learning have lead to the development of complex controllers for real - world robots . as these robots are deployed in safety - critical applications and interact with humans , it becomes critical to ensure safety in order to avoid causing harm . a first step in this direction is to test the controllers in simulation . to be able to do this , we need to capture what we mean by safety and then efficient ←
→ rotation - sensitive regression for oriented scene text detection ; text in natural images is of arbitrary orientations , requiring detection in terms of oriented bounding boxes . normally , a multi - oriented text detector often involves two key tasks : 1 ) text presence detection , which is a classification problem disregarding text orientation ; 2 ) oriented bounding box regression , which concerns about text orientation . previous methods rely on shared features for both tasks , resulting in degraded performance due t ←
→ deepgestalt - identifying rare genetic syndromes using deep learning ; facial analysis technologies have recently measured up to the capabilities of expert clinicians in syndrome identification . to date , these technologies could only identify phenotypes of a few diseases , limiting their role in clinical settings where hundreds of diagnoses must be considered . we developed a facial analysis framework , deepgestalt , using computer vision and deep learning algorithms , that quantifies similarities to hundreds ←
→ multi - robot active information gathering with periodic communication ; a team of robots sharing a common goal can benefit from coordination of the activities of team members , helping the team to reach the goal more reliably or quickly . we address the problem of coordinating the actions of a team of robots with periodic communication capability executing an information gathering task . we cast the problem as a multi - agent optimal decision - making problem with an information theoretic objective function . we sho ←
→ efficient nonnegative tucker decompositions : algorithms and uniqueness ; nonnegative tucker decomposition ( ntd ) is a powerful tool for the extraction of nonnegative parts - based and physically meaningful latent components from high - dimensional tensor data while preserving the natural multilinear structure of data . however , as the data tensor often has multiple modes and is large - scale , existing ntd algorithms suffer from a very high computational complexity in terms of both storage and computation time , whic ←
→ performance based evaluation of various machine learning classification techniques for chronic kidney disease diagnosis ; areas where artificial intelligence ( ai ) & related fields are finding their applications are increasing day by day , moving from core areas of computer science they are finding their applications in various other domains . in recent times machine learning i . e . a sub - domain of ai has been widely used in order to assist medical experts and doctors in the prediction , diagnosis and prognosis ←
→ a comparative study of machine learning methods for verbal autopsy text classification ; a verbal autopsy is the record of an interview about the circumstances of an uncertified death . in developing countries , if a death occurs away from health facilities , a field - worker interviews a relative of the deceased about the circumstances of the death ; this verbal autopsy can be reviewed off - site . we report on a comparative study of the processes involved in text classification applied to classifying cause of de ←
→ similarité en intension vs en extension : à la croisée de l ' informatique et du théâtre ; traditional staging is based on a formal approach of similarity leaning on dramaturgical ontologies and instanciation variations . inspired by interactive data mining , that suggests different approaches , we give an overview of computer science and theater researches using computers as partners of the actor to escape the a priori specification of roles .←
→ analyzing cloud optical properties using sky cameras ; clouds play a significant role in the fluctuation of solar radiation received by the earth ' s surface . it is important to study the various cloud properties , as it impacts the total solar irradiance falling on the earth ' s surface . one of such important optical properties of the cloud is the cloud optical thickness ( cot ). it is defined with the amount of light that can pass through the clouds . the cot values are generally obtained from satellite images . h ←
→ image enhancement using a generalization of homographic function ; this paper presents a new method of gray level image enhancement , based on point transforms . in order to define the transform function , it was used a generalization of the homographic function .←
→ unsupervised visual attribute transfer with reconfigurable generative adversarial networks ; learning to transfer visual attributes requires supervision dataset . corresponding images with varying attribute values with the same identity are required for learning the transfer function . this largely limits their applications , because capturing them is often a difficult task . to address the issue , we propose an unsupervised method to learn to transfer visual attribute . the proposed method can learn the transf ←
→ learning balanced mixtures of discrete distributions with small sample ; we study the problem of partitioning a small sample of $ n $ individuals from a mixture of $ k $ product distributions over a boolean cube $\{ 0 , 1 \}^ k $ according to their distributions . each distribution is described by a vector of allele frequencies in $\ r ^ k $. given two distributions , we use $\ gamma $ to denote the average $\ ell_2 ^ 2 $ distance in frequencies across $ k $ dimensions , which measures the statistical divergence between them . we s ←
→ a deep learning model integrating fcnns and crfs for brain tumor segmentation ; accurate and reliable brain tumor segmentation is a critical component in cancer diagnosis , treatment planning , and treatment outcome evaluation . build upon successful deep learning techniques , a novel brain tumor segmentation method is developed by integrating fully convolutional neural networks ( fcnns ) and conditional random fields ( crfs ) in a unified framework to obtain segmentation results with appearance and spatial consi ←
→ second - order belief hidden markov models ; hidden markov models ( hmms ) are learning methods for pattern recognition . the probabilistic hmms have been one of the most used techniques based on the bayesian model . first - order probabilistic hmms were adapted to the theory of belief functions such that bayesian probabilities were replaced with mass functions . in this paper , we present a second - order hidden markov model using belief functions . previous works in belief hmms have been focused on the first - order hmm ←
→ pixelbnn : augmenting the pixelcnn with batch normalization and the presentation of a fast architecture for retinal vessel segmentation ; analysis of retinal fundus images is essential for eye - care physicians in the diagnosis , care and treatment of patients . accurate fundus and / or retinal vessel maps give rise to longitudinal studies able to utilize multimedia image registration and disease / condition status measurements , as well as applications in surgery preparation and biometrics . the segmentation of ret ←
→ probabilistic fluorescence - based synapse detection ; brain function results from communication between neurons connected by complex synaptic networks . synapses are themselves highly complex and diverse signaling machines , containing protein products of hundreds of different genes , some in hundreds of copies , arranged in precise lattice at each individual synapse . synapses are fundamental not only to synaptic network function but also to network development , adaptation , and memory . in addition , abnormalities ←
→ how , what and why to test an ontology ; ontology development relates to software development in that they both involve the production of formal computational knowledge . it is possible , therefore , that some of the techniques used in software engineering could also be used for ontologies ; for example , in software engineering testing is a well - established process , and part of many different methodologies . the application of testing to ontologies , therefore , seems attractive . the karyotype ontology is develop ←
→ the atari grand challenge dataset ; recent progress in reinforcement learning ( rl ), fueled by its combination , with deep learning has enabled impressive results in learning to interact with complex virtual environments , yet real - world applications of rl are still scarce . a key limitation is data efficiency , with current state - of - the - art approaches requiring millions of training samples . a promising way to tackle this problem is to augment rl with learning from human demonstrations . however , human demonstrat ←
→ blurred image classification based on adaptive dictionary ; two types of framework for blurred image classification based on adaptive dictionary are proposed . given a blurred image , instead of image deblurring , the semantic category of the image is determined by blur insensitive sparse coefficients calculated depending on an adaptive dictionary . the dictionary is adaptive to the point spread function ( psf ) estimated from input blurred image . the psf is assumed to be space invariant and inferred separately i ←
→ an entity - driven recursive neural network model for chinese discourse coherence modeling ; chinese discourse coherence modeling remains a challenge taskin natural language processing field . existing approaches mostlyfocus on the need for feature engineering , whichadoptthe sophisticated features to capture the logic or syntactic or semantic relationships acrosssentences within a text . in this paper , we present an entity - drivenrecursive deep modelfor the chinese discourse coherence evaluation based on current ←
→ spectral - spatial feature extraction and classification by ann supervised with center loss in hyperspectral imagery ; in this paper , we propose a spectral - spatial feature extraction and classification framework based on artificial neuron network ( ann ) in the context of hyperspectral imagery . with limited labeled samples , only spectral information is exploited for training and spatial context is integrated posteriorly at the testing stage . taking advantage of recent advances in face recognition , a joint sup ←
→ piecewise linear activation functions for more efficient deep networks ; this submission has been withdrawn by arxiv administrators because it is intentionally incomplete , which is in violation of our policies .←
→ provably robust estimation of modulo 1 samples of a smooth function with applications to phase unwrapping ; consider an unknown smooth function $ f : [ 0 , 1 ]^ d \ rightarrow \ mathbb { r }$, and say we are given $ n $ noisy mod 1 samples of $ f $, i . e ., $ y_i = ( f ( x_i ) + \ eta_i )\ mod 1 $, for $ x_i \ in [ 0 , 1 ]^ d $, where $\ eta_i $ denotes the noise . given the samples $( x_i , y_i ) _ { i = 1 }^{ n }$, our goal is to recover smooth , robust estimates of the clean samples $ f ( x_i ) \ bmod 1 $. we formulate a natural approach for solving this pro ←
→ belief propagation , bethe approximation and polynomials ; factor graphs are important models for succinctly representing probability distributions in machine learning , coding theory , and statistical physics . several computational problems , such as computing marginals and partition functions , arise naturally when working with factor graphs . belief propagation is a widely deployed iterative method for solving these problems . however , despite its significant empirical success , not much is known about the corre ←
→ use of a quantum computer and the quick medical reference to give an approximate diagnosis ; the quick medical reference ( qmr ) is a compendium of statistical knowledge connecting diseases to findings ( symptoms ). the information in qmr can be represented as a bayesian network . the inference problem ( or , in more medical language , giving a diagnosis ) for the qmr is to , given some findings , find the probability of each disease . rejection sampling and likelihood weighted sampling ( a . k . a . likelihood weighting ) ←
→ when slower is faster ; the slower is faster ( sif ) effect occurs when a system performs worse as its components try to do better . thus , a moderate individual efficiency actually leads to a better systemic performance . the sif effect takes place in a variety of phenomena . we review studies and examples of the sif effect in pedestrian dynamics , vehicle traffic , traffic light control , logistics , public transport , social dynamics , ecological systems , and adaptation . drawing on these examples , we generalize comm ←
→ better conditional density estimation for neural networks ; the vast majority of the neural network literature focuses on predicting point values for a given set of response variables , conditioned on a feature vector . in many cases we need to model the full joint conditional distribution over the response variables rather than simply making point predictions . in this paper , we present two novel approaches to such conditional density estimation ( cde ): multiscale nets ( msns ) and cde trend filtering . multiscal ←
→ estimating motion with principal component regression strategies ; in this paper , two simple principal component regression methods for estimating the optical flow between frames of video sequences according to a pel - recursive manner are introduced . these are easy alternatives to dealing with mixtures of motion vectors in addition to the lack of prior information on spatial - temporal statistics ( although they are supposed to be normal in a local sense ). the 2d motion vector estimation approaches take into co ←
→ local optima networks and the performance of iterated local search ; local optima networks ( lons ) have been recently proposed as an alternative model of combinatorial fitness landscapes . the model compresses the information given by the whole search space into a smaller mathematical object that is the graph having as vertices the local optima and as edges the possible weighted transitions between them . a new set of metrics can be derived from this model that capture the distribution and connectivity of the ←
→ computational limits for matrix completion ; matrix completion is the problem of recovering an unknown real - valued low - rank matrix from a subsample of its entries . important recent results show that the problem can be solved efficiently under the assumption that the unknown matrix is incoherent and the subsample is drawn uniformly at random . are these assumptions necessary ? it is well known that matrix completion in its full generality is np - hard . however , little is known if make additional assumptions su ←
→ causal discovery from subsampled time series data by constraint optimization ; this paper focuses on causal structure estimation from time series data in which measurements are obtained at a coarser timescale than the causal timescale of the underlying system . previous work has shown that such subsampling can lead to significant errors about the system ' s causal structure if not properly taken into account . in this paper , we first consider the search for the system timescale causal structures that correspo ←
→ information , utility & bounded rationality ; perfectly rational decision - makers maximize expected utility , but crucially ignore the resource costs incurred when determining optimal actions . here we employ an axiomatic framework for bounded rational decision - making based on a thermodynamic interpretation of resource costs as information costs . this leads to a variational " free utility " principle akin to thermodynamical free energy that trades off utility and information costs . we show that bounded optimal co ←
→ linearly convergent stochastic heavy ball method for minimizing generalization error ; in this work we establish the first linear convergence result for the stochastic heavy ball method . the method performs sgd steps with a fixed stepsize , amended by a heavy ball momentum term . in the analysis , we focus on minimizing the expected loss and not on finite - sum minimization , which is typically a much harder problem . while in the analysis we constrain ourselves to quadratic loss , the overall objective is not ne ←
→ deep forward and inverse perceptual models for tracking and prediction ; we consider the problems of learning forward models that map state to high - dimensional images and inverse models that map high - dimensional images to state in robotics . specifically , we present a perceptual model for generating video frames from state with deep networks , and provide a framework for its use in tracking and prediction tasks . we show that our proposed model greatly outperforms standard deconvolutional methods and gans for ←
→ a framework for individualizing predictions of disease trajectories by exploiting multi - resolution structure ; for many complex diseases , there is a wide variety of ways in which an individual can manifest the disease . the challenge of personalized medicine is to develop tools that can accurately predict the trajectory of an individual ' s disease , which can in turn enable clinicians to optimize treatments . we represent an individual ' s disease trajectory as a continuous - valued continuous - time function descr ←
→ monoperfcap : human performance capture from monocular video ; we present the first marker - less approach for temporally coherent 3d performance capture of a human with general clothing from monocular video . our approach reconstructs articulated human skeleton motion as well as medium - scale non - rigid surface deformations in general scenes . human performance capture is a challenging problem due to the large range of articulation , potentially fast motion , and considerable non - rigid deformations , even from multi ←
→ balancing new against old information : the role of surprise in learning ; surprise describes a range of phenomena from unexpected events to behavioral responses . we propose a measure of surprise and use it for surprise - driven learning . our surprise measure takes into account data likelihood as well as the degree of commitment to a belief via the entropy of the belief distribution . we find that surprise - minimizing learning dynamically adjusts the balance between new and old information without the need of kn ←
→ breaking value symmetry ; symmetry is an important factor in solving many constraint satisfaction problems . one common type of symmetry is when we have symmetric values . in a recent series of papers , we have studied methods to break value symmetries . our results identify computational limits on eliminating value symmetry . for instance , we prove that pruning all symmetric values is np - hard in general . nevertheless , experiments show that much value symmetry can be broken in practice . these results may be usef ←
→ globally optimal symbolic regression ; in this study we introduce a new technique for symbolic regression that guarantees global optimality . this is achieved by formulating a mixed integer non - linear program ( minlp ) whose solution is a symbolic mathematical expression of minimum complexity that explains the observations . we demonstrate our approach by rediscovering kepler ' s law on planetary motion using exoplanet data and galileo ' s pendulum periodicity equation using experimental data .←
→ fighting authorship linkability with crowdsourcing ; massive amounts of contributed content -- including traditional literature , blogs , music , videos , reviews and tweets -- are available on the internet today , with authors numbering in many millions . textual information , such as product or service reviews , is an important and increasingly popular type of content that is being used as a foundation of many trendy community - based reviewing sites , such as tripadvisor and yelp . some recent results have shown tha ←
→ precision - biased parsing and high - quality parse selection ; we introduce precision - biased parsing : a parsing task which favors precision over recall by allowing the parser to abstain from decisions deemed uncertain . we focus on dependency - parsing and present an ensemble method which is capable of assigning parents to 84 % of the text tokens while being over 96 % accurate on these tokens . we use the precision - biased parsing task to solve the related high - quality parse - selection task : finding a subset of high - q ←
→ spotlight the negatives : a generalized discriminative latent model ; discriminative latent variable models ( lvm ) are frequently applied to various visual recognition tasks . in these systems the latent ( hidden ) variables provide a formalism for modeling structured variation of visual features . conventionally , latent variables are de - fined on the variation of the foreground ( positive ) class . in this work we augment lvms to include negative latent variables corresponding to the background class . we formalize ←
→ iterative alternating neural attention for machine reading ; we propose a novel neural attention architecture to tackle machine comprehension tasks , such as answering cloze - style queries with respect to a document . unlike previous models , we do not collapse the query into a single vector , instead we deploy an iterative alternating attention mechanism that allows a fine - grained exploration of both the query and the document . our model outperforms state - of - the - art baselines in standard machine comprehension b ←
→ a unifying framework for typical multi - task multiple kernel learning problems ; over the past few years , multi - kernel learning ( mkl ) has received significant attention among data - driven feature selection techniques in the context of kernel - based learning . mkl formulations have been devised and solved for a broad spectrum of machine learning problems , including multi - task learning ( mtl ). solving different mkl formulations usually involves designing algorithms that are tailored to the problem at hand , which ←
→ probabilistic inference modulo theories ; we present sgdpll ( t ), an algorithm that solves ( among many other problems ) probabilistic inference modulo theories , that is , inference problems over probabilistic models defined via a logic theory provided as a parameter ( currently , propositional , equalities on discrete sorts , and inequalities , more specifically difference arithmetic , on bounded integers ). while many solutions to probabilistic inference over logic representations have been proposed , sgdpll ( t ) is sim ←
→ sensory anticipation of optical flow in mobile robotics ; in order to anticipate dangerous events , like a collision , an agent needs to make long - term predictions . however , those are challenging due to uncertainties in internal and external variables and environment dynamics . a sensorimotor model is acquired online by the mobile robot using a state - of - the - art method that learns the optical flow distribution in images , both in space and time . the learnt model is used to anticipate the optical flow up to a giv ←
→ a new algorithm for interactive structural image segmentation ; this paper proposes a novel algorithm for the problem of structural image segmentation through an interactive model - based approach . interaction is expressed in the model creation , which is done according to user traces drawn over a given input image . both model and input are then represented by means of attributed relational graphs derived on the fly . appearance features are taken into account as object attributes and structural properties are ←
→ the power of interpolation : understanding the effectiveness of sgd in modern over - parametrized learning ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) with small mini - batch is a key component in modern large - scale learning . however , its efficiency has not been easy to analyze as most theoretical results require adaptive rates and show convergence rates far slower than that for gradient descent , making computational comparisons difficult . in this paper we aim to clarify the issue of fast sgd convergence . the key ob ←
→ relativized hyperequivalence of logic programs for modular programming ; a recent framework of relativized hyperequivalence of programs offers a unifying generalization of strong and uniform equivalence . it seems to be especially well suited for applications in program optimization and modular programming due to its flexibility that allows us to restrict , independently of each other , the head and body alphabets in context programs . we study relativized hyperequivalence for the three semantics of logic progr ←
→ an online hierarchical algorithm for extreme clustering ; many modern clustering methods scale well to a large number of data items , n , but not to a large number of clusters , k . this paper introduces perch , a new non - greedy algorithm for online hierarchical clustering that scales to both massive n and k -- a problem setting we term extreme clustering . our algorithm efficiently routes new data points to the leaves of an incrementally - built tree . motivated by the desire for both accuracy and speed , our approach ←
→ entropy - guided retinex anisotropic diffusion algorithm based on partial differential equations ( pde ) for illumination correction ; this report describes the experimental results obtained using a proposed variational retinex algorithm for controlled illumination correction . two colour restoration and enhancement schemes of the algorithm are presented for drastically improved results . the algorithm modifies the reflectance image using global and local contrast enhancement approaches and gradually removes th ←
→ semi - supervised sequence tagging with bidirectional language models ; pre - trained word embeddings learned from unlabeled text have become a standard component of neural network architectures for nlp tasks . however , in most cases , the recurrent network that operates on word - level representations to produce context sensitive representations is trained on relatively little labeled data . in this paper , we demonstrate a general semi - supervised approach for adding pre - trained context embeddings from bidirectiona ←
→ reinforcement learning for agents with many sensors and actuators acting in categorizable environments ; in this paper , we confront the problem of applying reinforcement learning to agents that perceive the environment through many sensors and that can perform parallel actions using many actuators as is the case in complex autonomous robots . we argue that reinforcement learning can only be successfully applied to this case if strong assumptions are made on the characteristics of the environment in which t ←
→ training gans with optimism ; we address the issue of limit cycling behavior in training generative adversarial networks and propose the use of optimistic mirror decent ( omd ) for training wasserstein gans . recent theoretical results have shown that optimistic mirror decent ( omd ) can enjoy faster regret rates in the context of zero - sum games . wgans is exactly a context of solving a zero - sum game with simultaneous no - regret dynamics . moreover , we show that optimistic mirror decent addresses the limit cycling ←
→ retrieval of experiments by efficient estimation of marginal likelihood ; we study the task of retrieving relevant experiments given a query experiment . by experiment , we mean a collection of measurements from a set of ` covariates ' and the associated ` outcomes '. while similar experiments can be retrieved by comparing available ` annotations ', this approach ignores the valuable information available in the measurements themselves . to incorporate this information in the retrieval task , we suggest employing a r ←
→ pulcinella : a general tool for propagating uncertainty in valuation networks ; we present pulcinella and its use in comparing uncertainty theories . pulcinella is a general tool for propagating uncertainty based on the local computation technique of shafer and shenoy . it may be specialized to different uncertainty theories : at the moment , pulcinella can propagate probabilities , belief functions , boolean values , and possibilities . moreover , pulcinella allows the user to easily define his own specializations ←
→ adapting phrase - based machine translation to normalise medical terms in social media messages ; previous studies have shown that health reports in social media , such as dailystrength and twitter , have potential for monitoring health conditions ( e . g . adverse drug reactions , infectious diseases ) in particular communities . however , in order for a machine to understand and make inferences on these health conditions , the ability to recognise when laymen ' s terms refer to a particular medical concept ( i . e .\ text ←
→ a rapidly deployable classification system using visual data for the application of precision weed management ; in this work we demonstrate a rapidly deployable weed classification system that uses visual data to enable autonomous precision weeding without making prior assumptions about which weed species are present in a given field . previous work in this area relies on having prior knowledge of the weed species present in the field . this assumption cannot always hold true for every field , and thus limit ←
→ sparse recovery via partial regularization : models , theory and algorithms ; in the context of sparse recovery , it is known that most of existing regularizers such as $\ ell_1 $ suffer from some bias incurred by some leading entries ( in magnitude ) of the associated vector . to neutralize this bias , we propose a class of models with partial regularizers for recovering a sparse solution of a linear system . we show that every local minimizer of these models is sufficiently sparse or the magnitude of all its nonz ←
→ mrf - based multispectral image fusion using an adaptive approach based on edge - guided interpolation ; in interpretation of remote sensing images , it is possible that some images which are supplied by different sensors become understandable . for better visual perception of these images , it is essential to operate series of pre - processing and elementary corrections and then operate a series of main processing steps for more precise analysis on the images . there are several approaches for processing which are ←
→ towards a semantic - based approach for modeling regulatory documents in building industry ; regulations in the building industry are becoming increasingly complex and involve more than one technical area . they cover products , components and project implementation . they also play an important role to ensure the quality of a building , and to minimize its environmental impact . in this paper , we are particularly interested in the modeling of the regulatory constraints derived from the technical guides issued b ←
→ linear programming helps solving large multi - unit combinatorial auctions ; previous works suggested the use of branch and bound techniques for finding the optimal allocation in ( multi - unit ) combinatorial auctions . they remarked that linear programming could provide a good upper - bound to the optimal allocation , but they went on using lighter and less tight upper - bound heuristics , on the ground that lp was too time - consuming to be used repetitively to solve large combinatorial auctions . we present the results ←
→ other topics you may also agree or disagree : modeling inter - topic preferences using tweets and matrix factorization ; we present in this paper our approach for modeling inter - topic preferences of twitter users : for example , those who agree with the trans - pacific partnership ( tpp ) also agree with free trade . this kind of knowledge is useful not only for stance detection across multiple topics but also for various real - world applications including public opinion surveys , electoral predictions , electoral cam ←
→ dynamic trajectory model for analysis of traffic states using dpmm ; appropriate modeling of a surveillance scene is essential while analyzing and detecting anomalies in road traffic . learning usual paths can provide much insight into road traffic situation and to identify abnormal routes taken by commuters / vehicles in a traffic scene . if usual traffic paths are learned in a nonparametric way , manual effort of marking the roads can be avoided . we propose an unsupervised and nonparametric method to learn fre ←
→ cross - domain perceptual reward functions ; in reinforcement learning , we often define goals by specifying rewards within desirable states . one problem with this approach is that we typically need to redefine the rewards each time the goal changes , which often requires some understanding of the solution in the agents environment . when humans are learning to complete tasks , we regularly utilize alternative sources that guide our understanding of the problem . such task representations allow one to specify goal ←
→ gp - unet : lesion detection from weak labels with a 3d regression network ; we propose a novel convolutional neural network for lesion detection from weak labels . only a single , global label per image - the lesion count - is needed for training . we train a regression network with a fully convolutional architecture combined with a global pooling layer to aggregate the 3d output into a scalar indicating the lesion count . when testing on unseen images , we first run the network to estimate the number of lesions . ←
→ feedforward sequential memory networks : a new structure to learn long - term dependency ; in this paper , we propose a novel neural network structure , namely \ emph { feedforward sequential memory networks ( fsmn )}, to model long - term dependency in time series without using recurrent feedback . the proposed fsmn is a standard fully - connected feedforward neural network equipped with some learnable memory blocks in its hidden layers . the memory blocks use a tapped - delay line structure to encode the long context inf ←
→ fast calculation of entropy with zhang ' s estimator ; entropy is a fundamental property of a repertoire . here , we present an efficient algorithm to estimate the entropy of types with the help of zhang ' s estimator . the algorithm takes advantage of the fact that the number of different frequencies in a text is in general much smaller than the number of types . we justify the convenience of the algorithm by means of an analysis of the statistical properties of texts from more than 1000 languages . our work opens ←
→ deeply - learned part - aligned representations for person re - identification ; in this paper , we address the problem of person re - identification , which refers to associating the persons captured from different cameras . we propose a simple yet effective human part - aligned representation for handling the body part misalignment problem . our approach decomposes the human body into regions ( parts ) which are discriminative for person matching , accordingly computes the representations over the regions , and aggregates ←
→ skeleton based action recognition using translation - scale invariant image mapping and multi - scale deep cnn ; this paper presents an image classification based approach for skeleton - based video action recognition problem . firstly , a dataset independent translation - scale invariant image mapping method is proposed , which transformes the skeleton videos to colour images , named skeleton - images . secondly , a multi - scale deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architecture is proposed which could be built and fin ←
→ process discovery using inductive miner and decomposition ; this report presents a submission to the process discovery contest . the contest is dedicated to the assessment of tools and techniques that discover business process models from event logs . the objective is to compare the efficiency of techniques to discover process models that provide a proper balance between " overfitting " and " underfitting ". in the context of the process discovery contest , process discovery is turned into a classification task wi ←
→ an n - ary constraint for the stable marriage problem ; we present an n - ary constraint for the stable marriage problem . this constraint acts between two sets of integer variables where the domains of those variables represent preferences . our constraint enforces stability and disallows bigamy . for a stable marriage instance with $ n $ men and $ n $ women we require only one of these constraints , and the complexity of enforcing arc - consistency is $ o ( n ^ 2 )$ which is optimal in the size of input . our computational st ←
→ real - world font recognition using deep network and domain adaptation ; we address a challenging fine - grain classification problem : recognizing a font style from an image of text . in this task , it is very easy to generate lots of rendered font examples but very hard to obtain real - world labeled images . this real - to - synthetic domain gap caused poor generalization to new real data in previous methods ( chen et al . ( 2014 )). in this paper , we refer to convolutional neural networks , and use an adaptation technique ←
→ query - adaptive video summarization via quality - aware relevance estimation ; although the problem of automatic video summarization has recently received a lot of attention , the problem of creating a video summary that also highlights elements relevant to a search query has been less studied . we address this problem by posing query - relevant summarization as a video frame subset selection problem , which lets us optimise for summaries which are simultaneously diverse , representative of the entire video , and r ←
→ modeling relational data with graph convolutional networks ; knowledge graphs enable a wide variety of applications , including question answering and information retrieval . despite the great effort invested in their creation and maintenance , even the largest ( e . g ., yago , dbpedia or wikidata ) remain incomplete . we introduce relational graph convolutional networks ( r - gcns ) and apply them to two standard knowledge base completion tasks : link prediction ( recovery of missing facts , i . e . subject - predicate - object ←
→ predictive state temporal difference learning ; we propose a new approach to value function approximation which combines linear temporal difference reinforcement learning with subspace identification . in practical applications , reinforcement learning ( rl ) is complicated by the fact that state is either high - dimensional or partially observable . therefore , rl methods are designed to work with features of state rather than state itself , and the success or failure of learning is often determined by the suitabil ←
→ generalised structural cnns ( scnns ) for time series data with arbitrary graph - toplogies ; deep learning methods , specifically convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), have seen a lot of success in the domain of image - based data , where the data offers a clearly structured topology in the regular lattice of pixels . this 4 - neighbourhood topological simplicity makes the application of convolutional masks straightforward for time series data , such as video applications , but many high - dimensional time series data ←
→ discrimination of english to other indian languages ( kannada and hindi ) for ocr system ; india is a multilingual multi - script country . in every state of india there are two languages one is state local language and the other is english . for example in andhra pradesh , a state in india , the document may contain text words in english and telugu script . for optical character recognition ( ocr ) of such a bilingual document , it is necessary to identify the script before feeding the text words to the ocrs of indi ←
→ memory - based shallow parsing ; we present memory - based learning approaches to shallow parsing and apply these to five tasks : base noun phrase identification , arbitrary base phrase recognition , clause detection , noun phrase parsing and full parsing . we use feature selection techniques and system combination methods for improving the performance of the memory - based learner . our approach is evaluated on standard data sets and the results are compared with that of other systems . this reveals that our approach w ←
→ metaheuristic optimization : algorithm analysis and open problems ; metaheuristic algorithms are becoming an important part of modern optimization . a wide range of metaheuristic algorithms have emerged over the last two decades , and many metaheuristics such as particle swarm optimization are becoming increasingly popular . despite their popularity , mathematical analysis of these algorithms lacks behind . convergence analysis still remains unsolved for the majority of metaheuristic algorithms , while efficiency ←
→ size - independent sample complexity of neural networks ; we study the sample complexity of learning neural networks , by providing new bounds on their rademacher complexity assuming norm constraints on the parameter matrix of each layer . compared to previous work , these complexity bounds have improved dependence on the network depth , and under some additional assumptions , are fully independent of the network size ( both depth and width ). these results are derived using some novel techniques , which may be of in ←
→ inferring land use from mobile phone activity ; understanding the spatiotemporal distribution of people within a city is crucial to many planning applications . obtaining data to create required knowledge , currently involves costly survey methods . at the same time ubiquitous mobile sensors from personal gps devices to mobile phones are collecting massive amounts of data on urban systems . the locations , communications , and activities of millions of people are recorded and stored by new information technologie ←
→ grammar variational autoencoder ; deep generative models have been wildly successful at learning coherent latent representations for continuous data such as video and audio . however , generative modeling of discrete data such as arithmetic expressions and molecular structures still poses significant challenges . crucially , state - of - the - art methods often produce outputs that are not valid . we make the key observation that frequently , discrete data can be represented as a parse tree from a context - free grammar .←
→ deep learning reconstruction of ultra - short pulses ; ultra - short laser pulses with femtosecond to attosecond pulse duration are the shortest systematic events humans can create . characterization ( amplitude and phase ) of these pulses is a key ingredient in ultrafast science , e . g ., exploring chemical reactions and electronic phase transitions . here , we propose and demonstrate , numerically and experimentally , the first deep neural network technique to reconstruct ultra - short optical pulses . we anticipate that ←
→ convex total least squares ; we study the total least squares ( tls ) problem that generalizes least squares regression by allowing measurement errors in both dependent and independent variables . tls is widely used in applied fields including computer vision , system identification and econometrics . the special case when all dependent and independent variables have the same level of uncorrelated gaussian noise , known as ordinary tls , can be solved by singular value decomposition ( svd ). however , svd cannot solv ←
→ defeasible decisions : what the proposal is and isn ' t ; in two recent papers , i have proposed a description of decision analysis that differs from the bayesian picture painted by savage , jeffrey and other classic authors . response to this view has been either overly enthusiastic or unduly pessimistic . in this paper i try to place the idea in its proper place , which must be somewhere in between . looking at decision analysis as defeasible reasoning produces a framework in which planning and decision theory can ←
→ an all - in - one convolutional neural network for face analysis ; we present a multi - purpose algorithm for simultaneous face detection , face alignment , pose estimation , gender recognition , smile detection , age estimation and face recognition using a single deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ). the proposed method employs a multi - task learning framework that regularizes the shared parameters of cnn and builds a synergy among different domains and tasks . extensive experiments show that the network has a bette ←
→ soc2seq : social embedding meets conversation model ; while liking or upvoting a post on a mobile app is easy to do , replying with a written note is much more difficult , due to both the cognitive load of coming up with a meaningful response as well as the mechanics of entering the text . here we present a novel textual reply generation model that goes beyond the current auto - reply and predictive text entry models by taking into account the content preferences of the user , the idiosyncrasies of their conversat ←
→ regularization path of cross - validation error lower bounds ; careful tuning of a regularization parameter is indispensable in many machine learning tasks because it has a significant impact on generalization performances . nevertheless , current practice of regularization parameter tuning is more of an art than a science , e . g ., it is hard to tell how many grid - points would be needed in cross - validation ( cv ) for obtaining a solution with sufficiently small cv error . in this paper we propose a novel framework f ←
→ fidelity - naturalness evaluation of single image super resolution ; we study the problem of evaluating super resolution methods . traditional evaluation methods usually judge the quality of super resolved images based on a single measure of their difference with the original high resolution images . in this paper , we proposed to use both fidelity ( the difference with original images ) and naturalness ( human visual perception of super resolved images ) for evaluation . for fidelity evaluation , a new metric is prop ←
→ semi - supervised recurrent neural network for adverse drug reaction mention extraction ; social media is an useful platform to share health - related information due to its vast reach . this makes it a good candidate for public - health monitoring tasks , specifically for pharmacovigilance . we study the problem of extraction of adverse - drug - reaction ( adr ) mentions from social media , particularly from twitter . medical information extraction from social media is challenging , mainly due to short and highly informat ←
→ 3d textured model encryption via 3d lu chaotic mapping ; in the coming virtual / augmented reality ( vr / ar ) era , 3d contents will be popularized just as images and videos today . the security and privacy of these 3d contents should be taken into consideration . 3d contents contain surface models and solid models . the surface models include point clouds , meshes and textured models . previous work mainly focus on encryption of solid models , point clouds and meshes . this work focuses on the most complicated 3d textu ←
→ joint sentiment / topic modeling on text data using boosted restricted boltzmann machine ; recently by the development of the internet and the web , different types of social media such as web blogs become an immense source of text data . through the processing of these data , it is possible to discover practical information about different topics , individuals opinions and a thorough understanding of the society . therefore , applying models which can automatically extract the subjective information from the doc ←
→ optimal rates of sketched - regularized algorithms for least - squares regression over hilbert spaces ; we investigate regularized algorithms combining with projection for least - squares regression problem over a hilbert space , covering nonparametric regression over a reproducing kernel hilbert space . we prove convergence results with respect to variants of norms , under a capacity assumption on the hypothesis space and a regularity condition on the target function . as a result , we obtain optimal rates for regu ←
→ a new hybrid - parameter recurrent neural networks for online handwritten chinese character recognition ; the recurrent neural network ( rnn ) is appropriate for dealing with temporal sequences . in this paper , we present a deep rnn with new features and apply it for online handwritten chinese character recognition . compared with the existing rnn models , three innovations are involved in the proposed system . first , a new hidden layer function for rnn is proposed for learning temporal information better . we cal ←
→ online submodular maximization under a matroid constraint with application to learning assignments ; which ads should we display in sponsored search in order to maximize our revenue ? how should we dynamically rank information sources to maximize the value of the ranking ? these applications exhibit strong diminishing returns : redundancy decreases the marginal utility of each ad or information source . we show that these and other problems can be formalized as repeatedly selecting an assignment of items to p ←
→ a novel total variation model based on kernel functions and its application ; the total variation ( tv ) model and its related variants have already been proposed for image processing in previous literature . in this paper a novel total variation model based on kernel functions is proposed . in this novel model , we first map each pixel value of an image into a hilbert space by using a nonlinear map , and then define a coupled image of an original image in order to construct a kernel function . finally , the prop ←
→ part detector discovery in deep convolutional neural networks ; current fine - grained classification approaches often rely on a robust localization of object parts to extract localized feature representations suitable for discrimination . however , part localization is a challenging task due to the large variation of appearance and pose . in this paper , we show how pre - trained convolutional neural networks can be used for robust and efficient object part discovery and localization without the necessity to actua ←
→ leveraging monolingual data for crosslingual compositional word representations ; in this work , we present a novel neural network based architecture for inducing compositional crosslingual word representations . unlike previously proposed methods , our method fulfills the following three criteria ; it constrains the word - level representations to be compositional , it is capable of leveraging both bilingual and monolingual data , and it is scalable to large vocabularies and large quantities of data . the key com ←
→ deep learning for unsupervised insider threat detection in structured cybersecurity data streams ; analysis of an organization ' s computer network activity is a key component of early detection and mitigation of insider threat , a growing concern for many organizations . raw system logs are a prototypical example of streaming data that can quickly scale beyond the cognitive power of a human analyst . as a prospective filter for the human analyst , we present an online unsupervised deep learning approach to det ←
→ wassa - 2017 shared task on emotion intensity ; we present the first shared task on detecting the intensity of emotion felt by the speaker of a tweet . we create the first datasets of tweets annotated for anger , fear , joy , and sadness intensities using a technique called best -- worst scaling ( bws ). we show that the annotations lead to reliable fine - grained intensity scores ( rankings of tweets by intensity ). the data was partitioned into training , development , and test sets for the competition . twenty - two teams ←
→ one - shot reinforcement learning for robot navigation with interactive replay ; recently , model - free reinforcement learning algorithms have been shown to solve challenging problems by learning from extensive interaction with the environment . a significant issue with transferring this success to the robotics domain is that interaction with the real world is costly , but training on limited experience is prone to overfitting . we present a method for learning to navigate , to a fixed goal and in a known environ ←
→ learning to mix n - step returns : generalizing lambda - returns for deep reinforcement learning ; reinforcement learning ( rl ) can model complex behavior policies for goal - directed sequential decision making tasks . a hallmark of rl algorithms is temporal difference ( td ) learning : value function for the current state is moved towards a bootstrapped target that is estimated using next state ' s value function . $\ lambda $- returns generalize beyond 1 - step returns and strike a balance between monte carlo and td learni ←
→ positive and negative explanations of uncertain reasoning in the framework of possibility theory ; this paper presents an approach for developing the explanation capabilities of rule - based expert systems managing imprecise and uncertain knowledge . the treatment of uncertainty takes place in the framework of possibility theory where the available information concerning the value of a logical or numerical variable is represented by a possibility distribution which restricts its more or less possible values .←
→ mining combined causes in large data sets ; in recent years , many methods have been developed for detecting causal relationships in observational data . some of them have the potential to tackle large data sets . however , these methods fail to discover a combined cause , i . e . a multi - factor cause consisting of two or more component variables which individually are not causes . a straightforward approach to uncovering a combined cause is to include both individual and combined variables in the causal discovery u ←
→ credulous and skeptical argument games for complete semantics in conflict resolution based argumentation ; argumentation is one of the most popular approaches of defining a ~ non - monotonic formalism and several argumentation based semantics were proposed for defeasible logic programs . recently , a new approach based on notions of conflict resolutions was proposed , however with declarative semantics only . this paper gives a more procedural counterpart by developing skeptical and credulous argument games for c ←
→ toward deeper understanding of neural networks : the power of initialization and a dual view on expressivity ; we develop a general duality between neural networks and compositional kernels , striving towards a better understanding of deep learning . we show that initial representations generated by common random initializations are sufficiently rich to express all functions in the dual kernel space . hence , though the training objective is hard to optimize in the worst case , the initial weights form a good s ←
→ forecasting model for crude oil price using artificial neural networks and commodity futures prices ; this paper presents a model based on multilayer feedforward neural network to forecast crude oil spot price direction in the short - term , up to three days ahead . a great deal of attention was paid on finding the optimal ann model structure . in addition , several methods of data pre - processing were tested . our approach is to create a benchmark based on lagged value of pre - processed spot price , then add pre - p ←
→ the temporal calculus of conditional objects and conditional events ; we consider the problem of defining conditional objects ( a | b ), which would allow one to regard the conditional probability pr ( a | b ) as a probability of a well - defined event rather than as a shorthand for pr ( ab )/ pr ( b ). the next issue is to define boolean combinations of conditional objects , and possibly also the operator of further conditioning . these questions have been investigated at least since the times of george boole , leading to a nu ←
→ users constraints in itemset mining ; discovering significant itemsets is one of the fundamental problems in data mining . it has recently been shown that constraint programming is a flexible way to tackle data mining tasks . with a constraint programming approach , we can easily express and efficiently answer queries with users constraints on items . however , in many practical cases it is possible that queries also express users constraints on the dataset itself . for instance , asking for a particular itemset i ←
→ on mmse and map denoising under sparse representation modeling over a unitary dictionary ; among the many ways to model signals , a recent approach that draws considerable attention is sparse representation modeling . in this model , the signal is assumed to be generated as a random linear combination of a few atoms from a pre - specified dictionary . in this work we analyze two bayesian denoising algorithms -- the maximum - aposteriori probability ( map ) and the minimum - mean - squared - error ( mmse ) estimators , under ←
→ the neutrosophic entropy and its five components ; this paper presents two variants of penta - valued representation for neutrosophic entropy . the first is an extension of kaufmann ' s formula and the second is an extension of kosko ' s formula . based on the primary three - valued information represented by the degree of truth , degree of falsity and degree of neutrality there are built some penta - valued representations that better highlights some specific features of neutrosophic entropy . thus , we highlight five ←
→ parallel structure from motion from local increment to global averaging ; in this paper , we tackle the accurate and consistent structure from motion ( sfm ) problem , in particular camera registration , far exceeding the memory of a single computer in parallel . different from the previous methods which drastically simplify the parameters of sfm and sacrifice the accuracy of the final reconstruction , we try to preserve the connectivities among cameras by proposing a camera clustering algorithm to divide a large ←
→ parameterizing the semantics of fuzzy attribute implications by systems of isotone galois connections ; we study the semantics of fuzzy if - then rules called fuzzy attribute implications parameterized by systems of isotone galois connections . the rules express dependencies between fuzzy attributes in object - attribute incidence data . the proposed parameterizations are general and include as special cases the parameterizations by linguistic hedges used in earlier approaches . we formalize the general paramete ←
→ on the limits of learning representations with label - based supervision ; advances in neural network based classifiers have transformed automatic feature learning from a pipe dream of stronger ai to a routine and expected property of practical systems . since the emergence of alexnet every winning submission of the imagenet challenge has employed end - to - end representation learning , and due to the utility of good representations for transfer learning , representation learning has become as an important and dist ←
→ deepmatching : hierarchical deformable dense matching ; we introduce a novel matching algorithm , called deepmatching , to compute dense correspondences between images . deepmatching relies on a hierarchical , multi - layer , correlational architecture designed for matching images and was inspired by deep convolutional approaches . the proposed matching algorithm can handle non - rigid deformations and repetitive textures and efficiently determines dense correspondences in the presence of significant changes between i ←
→ engineering a conformant probabilistic planner ; we present a partial - order , conformant , probabilistic planner , probapop which competed in the blind track of the probabilistic planning competition in ipc - 4 . we explain how we adapt distance based heuristics for use with probabilistic domains . probapop also incorporates heuristics based on probability of success . we explain the successes and difficulties encountered during the design and implementation of probapop .←
→$ n ^ 4 $- fields : neural network nearest neighbor fields for image transforms ; we propose a new architecture for difficult image processing operations , such as natural edge detection or thin object segmentation . the architecture is based on a simple combination of convolutional neural networks with the nearest neighbor search . we focus our attention on the situations when the desired image transformation is too hard for a neural network to learn explicitly . we show that in such situations , the use of the ←
→ variational deep q network ; we propose a framework that directly tackles the probability distribution of the value function parameters in deep q network ( dqn ), with powerful variational inference subroutines to approximate the posterior of the parameters . we will establish the equivalence between our proposed surrogate objective and variational inference loss . our new algorithm achieves efficient exploration and performs well on large scale chain markov decision process ( mdp ).←
→ a parallel best - response algorithm with exact line search for nonconvex sparsity - regularized rank minimization ; in this paper , we propose a convergent parallel best - response algorithm with the exact line search for the nondifferentiable nonconvex sparsity - regularized rank minimization problem . on the one hand , it exhibits a faster convergence than subgradient algorithms and block coordinate descent algorithms . on the other hand , its convergence to a stationary point is guaranteed , while admm algorithms o ←
→ learning to compare image patches via convolutional neural networks ; in this paper we show how to learn directly from image data ( i . e ., without resorting to manually - designed features ) a general similarity function for comparing image patches , which is a task of fundamental importance for many computer vision problems . to encode such a function , we opt for a cnn - based model that is trained to account for a wide variety of changes in image appearance . to that end , we explore and study multiple neural networ ←
→ adaptive development of koncepts in virtual animats : insights into the development of knowledge ; as a part of our effort for studying the evolution and development of cognition , we present results derived from synthetic experimentations in a virtual laboratory where animats develop koncepts adaptively and ground their meaning through action . we introduce the term " koncept " to avoid confusions and ambiguity derived from the wide use of the word " concept ". we present the models which our animats use for ab ←
→ ensemble uct needs high exploitation ; recent results have shown that the mcts algorithm ( a new , adaptive , randomized optimization algorithm ) is effective in a remarkably diverse set of applications in artificial intelligence , operations research , and high energy physics . mcts can find good solutions without domain dependent heuristics , using the uct formula to balance exploitation and exploration . it has been suggested that the optimum in the exploitation - exploration balance differs for different search t ←
→ probabilistic model checking for complex cognitive tasks -- a case study in human - robot interaction ; this paper proposes to use probabilistic model checking to synthesize optimal robot policies in multi - tasking autonomous systems that are subject to human - robot interaction . given the convincing empirical evidence that human behavior can be related to reinforcement models , we take as input a well - studied q - table model of the human behavior for flexible scenarios . we first describe an automated procedure t ←
→ study of phonemes confusions in hierarchical automatic phoneme recognition system ; in this paper , we have analyzed the impact of confusions on the robustness of phoneme recognitions system . the confusions are detected at the pronunciation and the confusions matrices of the phoneme recognizer . the confusions show that some similarities between phonemes at the pronunciation affect significantly the recognition rates . this paper proposes to understand those confusions in order to improve the performance of ←
→ from exact learning to computing boolean functions and back again ; the goal of the paper is to relate complexity measures associated with the evaluation of boolean functions ( certificate complexity , decision tree complexity ) and learning dimensions used to characterize exact learning ( teaching dimension , extended teaching dimension ). the high level motivation is to discover non - trivial relations between exact learning of an unknown concept and testing whether an unknown concept is part of a concept class o ←
→ acoustic gait - based person identification using hidden markov models ; we present a system for identifying humans by their walking sounds . this problem is also known as acoustic gait recognition . the goal of the system is to analyse sounds emitted by walking persons ( mostly the step sounds ) and identify those persons . these sounds are characterised by the gait pattern and are influenced by the movements of the arms and legs , but also depend on the type of shoe . we extract cepstral features from the recorded ←
→ clustering using max - norm constrained optimization ; we suggest using the max - norm as a convex surrogate constraint for clustering . we show how this yields a better exact cluster recovery guarantee than previously suggested nuclear - norm relaxation , and study the effectiveness of our method , and other related convex relaxations , compared to other clustering approaches .←
→ local space - time smoothing for version controlled documents ; unlike static documents , version controlled documents are continuously edited by one or more authors . such collaborative revision process makes traditional modeling and visualization techniques inappropriate . in this paper we propose a new representation based on local space - time smoothing that captures important revision patterns . we demonstrate the applicability of our framework using experiments on synthetic and real - world data .←
→ geometric - algebra lms adaptive filter and its application to rotation estimation ; this paper exploits geometric ( clifford ) algebra ( ga ) theory in order to devise and introduce a new adaptive filtering strategy . from a least - squares cost function , the gradient is calculated following results from geometric calculus ( gc ), the extension of ga to handle differential and integral calculus . the novel ga least - mean - squares ( ga - lms ) adaptive filter , which inherits properties from standard adaptive filters and fr ←
→ pattern - based classification : a unifying perspective ; the use of patterns in predictive models is a topic that has received a lot of attention in recent years . pattern mining can help to obtain models for structured domains , such as graphs and sequences , and has been proposed as a means to obtain more accurate and more interpretable models . despite the large amount of publications devoted to this topic , we believe however that an overview of what has been accomplished in this area is missing . this paper pr ←
→ generalized value iteration networks : life beyond lattices ; in this paper , we introduce a generalized value iteration network ( gvin ), which is an end - to - end neural network planning module . gvin emulates the value iteration algorithm by using a novel graph convolution operator , which enables gvin to learn and plan on irregular spatial graphs . we propose three novel differentiable kernels as graph convolution operators and show that the embedding based kernel achieves the best performance . we further propose ←
→ towards owl - based knowledge representation in petrology ; this paper presents our work on development of owl - driven systems for formal representation and reasoning about terminological knowledge and facts in petrology . the long - term aim of our project is to provide solid foundations for a large - scale integration of various kinds of knowledge , including basic terms , rock classification algorithms , findings and reports . we describe three steps we have taken towards that goal here . first , we develop a semi - aut ←
→ classifiers fusion method to recognize handwritten persian numerals ; recognition of persian handwritten characters has been considered as a significant field of research for the last few years under pattern analysing technique . in this paper , a new approach for robust handwritten persian numerals recognition using strong feature set and a classifier fusion method is scrutinized to increase the recognition percentage . for implementing the classifier fusion technique , we have considered k nearest neighbour (←
→ an approximation of the universal intelligence measure ; the universal intelligence measure is a recently proposed formal definition of intelligence . it is mathematically specified , extremely general , and captures the essence of many informal definitions of intelligence . it is based on hutter ' s universal artificial intelligence theory , an extension of ray solomonoff ' s pioneering work on universal induction . since the universal intelligence measure is only asymptotically computable , building a practical inte ←
→ how many workers to ask ? adaptive exploration for collecting high quality labels ; crowdsourcing has been part of the ir toolbox as a cheap and fast mechanism to obtain labels for system development and evaluation . successful deployment of crowdsourcing at scale involves adjusting many variables , a very important one being the number of workers needed per human intelligence task ( hit ). we consider the crowdsourcing task of learning the answer to simple multiple - choice hits , which are representative of man ←
→ semantically conditioned lstm - based natural language generation for spoken dialogue systems ; natural language generation ( nlg ) is a critical component of spoken dialogue and it has a significant impact both on usability and perceived quality . most nlg systems in common use employ rules and heuristics and tend to generate rigid and stylised responses without the natural variation of human language . they are also not easily scaled to systems covering multiple domains and languages . this paper presents a st ←
→ boundary optimizing network ( bon ) ; despite all the success that deep neural networks have seen in classifying certain datasets , the challenge of finding optimal solutions that generalize still remains . in this paper , we propose the boundary optimizing network ( bon ), a new approach to generalization for deep neural networks when used for supervised learning . given a classification network , we propose to use a collaborative generative network that produces new synthetic data points in the form of perturbatio ←
→ policy invariance under reward transformations for general - sum stochastic games ; we extend the potential - based shaping method from markov decision processes to multi - player general - sum stochastic games . we prove that the nash equilibria in a stochastic game remains unchanged after potential - based shaping is applied to the environment . the property of policy invariance provides a possible way of speeding convergence when learning to play a stochastic game .←
→ gradient - based reinforcement planning in policy - search methods ; we introduce a learning method called `` gradient - based reinforcement planning '' ( grep ). unlike traditional dp methods that improve their policy backwards in time , grep is a gradient - based method that plans ahead and improves its policy before it actually acts in the environment . we derive formulas for the exact policy gradient that maximizes the expected future reward and confirm our ideas with numerical experiments .←
→ exponentially vanishing sub - optimal local minima in multilayer neural networks ; background : statistical mechanics results ( dauphin et al . ( 2014 ); choromanska et al . ( 2015 )) suggest that local minima with high error are exponentially rare in high dimensions . however , to prove low error guarantees for multilayer neural networks ( mnns ), previous works so far required either a heavily modified mnn model or training method , strong assumptions on the labels ( e . g ., " near " linear separability ), or an unrealistic ←
→ closed - set lattice of regular sets based on a serial and transitive relation through matroids ; rough sets are efficient for data pre - processing in data mining . matroids are based on linear algebra and graph theory , and have a variety of applications in many fields . both rough sets and matroids are closely related to lattices . for a serial and transitive relation on a universe , the collection of all the regular sets of the generalized rough set is a lattice . in this paper , we use the lattice to construct ←
→ algorithmic linearly constrained gaussian processes ; we algorithmically construct multi - output gaussian process priors which satisfy linear differential equations . our approach attempts to parametrize all solutions of the equations using gr \" obner bases . if successful , a push forward gaussian process along the paramerization is the desired prior . we consider several examples , among them the full inhomogeneous system of maxwell ' s equations . by bringing together stochastic learning and computeralgebra in a n ←
→ deeppermnet : visual permutation learning ; we present a principled approach to uncover the structure of visual data by solving a novel deep learning task coined visual permutation learning . the goal of this task is to find the permutation that recovers the structure of data from shuffled versions of it . in the case of natural images , this task boils down to recovering the original image from patches shuffled by an unknown permutation matrix . unfortunately , permutation matrices are discrete , thereby posing d ←
→ a ranking approach to global optimization ; we consider the problem of maximizing an unknown function over a compact and convex set using as few observations as possible . we observe that the optimization of the function essentially relies on learning the induced bipartite ranking rule of f . based on this idea , we relate global optimization to bipartite ranking which allows to address problems with high dimensional input space , as well as cases of functions with weak regularity properties . the paper introduc ←
→ generic tubelet proposals for action localization ; we develop a novel framework for action localization in videos . we propose the tube proposal network ( tpn ), which can generate generic , class - independent , video - level tubelet proposals in videos . the generated tubelet proposals can be utilized in various video analysis tasks , including recognizing and localizing actions in videos . in particular , we integrate these generic tubelet proposals into a unified temporal deep network for action classification . com ←
→ resource - driven mission - phasing techniques for constrained agents in stochastic environments ; because an agents resources dictate what actions it can possibly take , it should plan which resources it holds over time carefully , considering its inherent limitations ( such as power or payload restrictions ), the competing needs of other agents for the same resources , and the stochastic nature of the environment . such agents can , in general , achieve more of their objectives if they can use --- and even create -←
→ fine - grained wound tissue analysis using deep neural network ; tissue assessment for chronic wounds is the basis of wound grading and selection of treatment approaches . while several image processing approaches have been proposed for automatic wound tissue analysis , there has been a shortcoming in these approaches for clinical practices . in particular , seemingly , all previous approaches have assumed only 3 tissue types in the chronic wounds , while these wounds commonly exhibit 7 distinct tissue types that p ←
→ robust independent component analysis by iterative maximization of the kurtosis contrast with algebraic optimal step size ; independent component analysis ( ica ) aims at decomposing an observed random vector into statistically independent variables . deflation - based implementations , such as the popular one - unit fastica algorithm and its variants , extract the independent components one after another . a novel method for deflationary ica , referred to as robustica , is put forward in this paper . this simple tech ←
→ graph regularized nonnegative matrix factorization for hyperspectral data unmixing ; spectral unmixing is an important tool in hyperspectral data analysis for estimating endmembers and abundance fractions in a mixed pixel . this paper examines the applicability of a recently developed algorithm called graph regularized nonnegative matrix factorization ( gnmf ) for this aim . the proposed approach exploits the intrinsic geometrical structure of the data besides considering positivity and full additivity constr ←
→ opinion dynamics with varying susceptibility to persuasion ; a long line of work in social psychology has studied variations in people ' s susceptibility to persuasion -- the extent to which they are willing to modify their opinions on a topic . this body of literature suggests an interesting perspective on theoretical models of opinion formation by interacting parties in a network : in addition to considering interventions that directly modify people ' s intrinsic opinions , it is also natural to consider interve ←
→ semantic matching of security policies to support security experts ; management of security policies has become increasingly difficult given the number of domains to manage , taken into consideration their extent and their complexity . security experts has to deal with a variety of frameworks and specification languages used in different domains that may belong to any cloud computing or distributed systems . this wealth of frameworks and languages make the management task and the interpretation of the security ←
→ latent self - exciting point process model for spatial - temporal networks ; we propose a latent self - exciting point process model that describes geographically distributed interactions between pairs of entities . in contrast to most existing approaches that assume fully observable interactions , here we consider a scenario where certain interaction events lack information about participants . instead , this information needs to be inferred from the available observations . we develop an efficient approximate algori ←
→ identifying and categorizing anomalies in retinal imaging data ; the identification and quantification of markers in medical images is critical for diagnosis , prognosis and management of patients in clinical practice . supervised - or weakly supervised training enables the detection of findings that are known a priori . it does not scale well , and a priori definition limits the vocabulary of markers to known entities reducing the accuracy of diagnosis and prognosis . here , we propose the identification of anoma ←
→ rapid : a reachable anytime planner for imprecisely - sensed domains ; despite the intractability of generic optimal partially observable markov decision process planning , there exist important problems that have highly structured models . previous researchers have used this insight to construct more efficient algorithms for factored domains , and for domains with topological structure in the flat state dynamics model . in our work , motivated by findings from the education community relevant to automated tutoring ←
→ a partial taxonomy of substitutability and interchangeability ; substitutability , interchangeability and related concepts in constraint programming were introduced approximately twenty years ago and have given rise to considerable subsequent research . we survey this work , classify , and relate the different concepts , and indicate directions for future work , in particular with respect to making connections with research into symmetry breaking . this paper is a condensed version of a larger work in progress .←
→ dictionary learning for robotic grasp recognition and detection ; the ability to grasp ordinary and potentially never - seen objects is an important feature in both domestic and industrial robotics . for a system to accomplish this , it must autonomously identify grasping locations by using information from various sensors , such as microsoft kinect 3d camera . despite numerous progress , significant work still remains to be done in this field . to this effect , we propose a dictionary learning and sparse representa ←
→ deep learning using linear support vector machines ; recently , fully - connected and convolutional neural networks have been trained to achieve state - of - the - art performance on a wide variety of tasks such as speech recognition , image classification , natural language processing , and bioinformatics . for classification tasks , most of these " deep learning " models employ the softmax activation function for prediction and minimize cross - entropy loss . in this paper , we demonstrate a small but consistent advantage of ←
→ collaborative representation for classification , sparse or non - sparse ? ; sparse representation based classification ( src ) has been proved to be a simple , effective and robust solution to face recognition . as it gets popular , doubts on the necessity of enforcing sparsity starts coming up , and primary experimental results showed that simply changing the $ l_1 $- norm based regularization to the computationally much more efficient $ l_2 $- norm based non - sparse version would lead to a similar or even better performa ←
→ covariance estimation using conjugate gradient for 3d classification in cryo - em ; classifying structural variability in noisy projections of biological macromolecules is a central problem in cryo - em . in this work , we build on a previous method for estimating the covariance matrix of the three - dimensional structure present in the molecules being imaged . our proposed method allows for incorporation of contrast transfer function and non - uniform distribution of viewing angles , making it more suitable for real ←
→ collaborative evolution of 3d models ; we present a computational model of creative design based on collaborative interactive genetic algorithms . in our model , designers individually guide interactive genetic algorithms ( igas ) to generate and explore potential design solutions quickly . collaboration is supported by allowing designers to share solutions amongst each other while using igas , with the sharing of solutions adding variables to the search space . we present experiments on 3d modeling as a case stud ←
→ reasoning with shapes : profiting cognitive susceptibilities to infer linear mapping transformations between shapes ; visual information plays an indispensable role in our daily interactions with environment . such information is manipulated for a wide range of purposes spanning from basic object and material perception to complex gesture interpretations . there have been novel studies in cognitive science for in - depth understanding of visual information manipulation , which lead to answer questions such as : ←
→ attsum : joint learning of focusing and summarization with neural attention ; query relevance ranking and sentence saliency ranking are the two main tasks in extractive query - focused summarization . previous supervised summarization systems often perform the two tasks in isolation . however , since reference summaries are the trade - off between relevance and saliency , using them as supervision , neither of the two rankers could be trained well . this paper proposes a novel summarization system called attsum , whi ←
→ cham : action recognition using convolutional hierarchical attention model ; recently , the soft attention mechanism , which was originally proposed in language processing , has been applied in computer vision tasks like image captioning . this paper presents improvements to the soft attention model by combining a convolutional lstm with a hierarchical system architecture to recognize action categories in videos . we call this model the convolutional hierarchical attention model ( cham ). the model applies a conv ←
→ conversational flow in oxford - style debates ; public debates are a common platform for presenting and juxtaposing diverging views on important issues . in this work we propose a methodology for tracking how ideas flow between participants throughout a debate . we use this approach in a case study of oxford - style debates --- a competitive format where the winner is determined by audience votes --- and show how the outcome of a debate depends on aspects of conversational flow . in particular , we find that winners te ←
→ la fiabilité des informations sur le web ; online ir tools have to take into account new phenomena linked to the appearance of blogs , wiki and other collaborative publications . among these collaborative sites , wikipedia represents a crucial source of information . however , the quality of this information has been recently questionned . a better knowledge of the contributors ' behaviors should help users navigate through information whose quality may vary from one source to another . in order to explore this ide ←
→ computing trading strategies based on financial sentiment data using evolutionary optimization ; in this paper we apply evolutionary optimization techniques to compute optimal rule - based trading strategies based on financial sentiment data . the sentiment data was extracted from the social media service stocktwits to accommodate the level of bullishness or bearishness of the online trading community towards certain stocks . numerical results for all stocks from the dow jones industrial average ( djia ) index ←
→ nonnegative matrix factorization applied to reordered pixels of single images based on patches to achieve structured nonnegative dictionaries ; recent improvements in computing allow for the processing and analysis of very large datasets in a variety of fields . often the analysis requires the creation of low - rank approximations to the datasets leading to efficient storage . this article presents and analyzes a novel approach for creating nonnegative , structured dictionaries using nmf applied to reordered p ←
→ numerical coordinate regression with convolutional neural networks ; we study deep learning approaches to inferring numerical coordinates for points of interest in an input image . existing convolutional neural network - based solutions to this problem either take a heatmap matching approach or regress to coordinates with a fully connected output layer . neither of these approaches is ideal , since the former is not entirely differentiable , and the latter lacks inherent spatial generalization . we propose our dif ←
→ rollable latent space for sar target recognition of un - seen views ; this paper proposes rollable latent space ( rls ) for synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) target recognition of un - seen views . scarce labeled data and limited viewing direction are critical issues in sar target recognition . the rls is a designed space in which rolling of latent features corresponds to 3d rotation of an object . thus latent features of an arbitrary view can be inferred using those of different views . this characteristic further enabl ←
→ variational inference in nonconjugate models ; mean - field variational methods are widely used for approximate posterior inference in many probabilistic models . in a typical application , mean - field methods approximately compute the posterior with a coordinate - ascent optimization algorithm . when the model is conditionally conjugate , the coordinate updates are easily derived and in closed form . however , many models of interest --- like the correlated topic model and bayesian logistic regression --- are nonconjuate ←
→ estimating vector fields on manifolds and the embedding of directed graphs ; this paper considers the problem of embedding directed graphs in euclidean space while retaining directional information . we model a directed graph as a finite set of observations from a diffusion on a manifold endowed with a vector field . this is the first generative model of its kind for directed graphs . we introduce a graph embedding algorithm that estimates all three features of this model : the low - dimensional embedding of th ←
→ a convex approach for image hallucination ; in this paper we propose a global convex approach for image hallucination . altering the idea of classical multi image super resolution ( su ) systems to single image su , we incorporate aligned images to hallucinate the output . our work is based on the paper of tappen et al . where they use a non - convex model for image hallucination . in comparison we formulate a convex primal optimization problem and derive a fast converging primal - dual algorithm with a global optimal ←
→ gene expression time course clustering with countably infinite hidden markov models ; most existing approaches to clustering gene expression time course data treat the different time points as independent dimensions and are invariant to permutations , such as reversal , of the experimental time course . approaches utilizing hmms have been shown to be helpful in this regard , but are hampered by having to choose model architectures with appropriate complexities . here we propose for a clustering application an ←
→ monolingually derived phrase scores for phrase based smt using neural networks vector representations ; in this paper , we propose two new features for estimating phrase - based machine translation parameters from mainly monolingual data . our method is based on two recently introduced neural network vector representation models for words and sentences . it is the first time that these models have been used in an end to end phrase - based machine translation system . scores obtained from our method can recover mo ←
→ autoregressive short - term prediction of turning points using support vector regression ; this work is concerned with autoregressive prediction of turning points in financial price sequences . such turning points are critical local extrema points along a series , which mark the start of new swings . predicting the future time of such turning points or even their early or late identification slightly before or after the fact has useful applications in economics and finance . building on recently proposed neural ←
→ learning disentangling and fusing networks for face completion under structured occlusions ; face completion aims to generate semantically new pixels for missing facial components . it is a challenging generative task due to large variations of face appearance . this paper studies generative face completion under structured occlusions . we treat the face completion and corruption as disentangling and fusing processes of clean faces and occlusions , and propose a jointly disentangling and fusing generative adv ←
→ 2d / 3d pose estimation and action recognition using multitask deep learning ; action recognition and human pose estimation are closely related but both problems are generally handled as distinct tasks in the literature . in this work , we propose a multitask framework for jointly 2d and 3d pose estimation from still images and human action recognition from video sequences . we show that a single architecture can be used to solve the two problems in an efficient way and still achieves state - of - the - art results .←
→ creating personalised energy plans . from groups to individuals using fuzzy c means clustering ; changes in the uk electricity market mean that domestic users will be required to modify their usage behaviour in order that supplies can be maintained . clustering allows usage profiles collected at the household level to be clustered into groups and assigned a stereotypical profile which can be used to target marketing campaigns . fuzzy c means clustering extends this by allowing each household to be a member o ←
→ wolf in sheep ' s clothing - the downscaling attack against deep learning applications ; this paper considers security risks buried in the data processing pipeline in common deep learning applications . deep learning models usually assume a fixed scale for their training and input data . to allow deep learning applications to handle a wide range of input data , popular frameworks , such as caffe , tensorflow , and torch , all provide data scaling functions to resize input to the dimensions used by deep learning mo ←
→ comal tracking : tracking points at the object boundaries ; traditional point tracking algorithms such as the klt use local 2d information aggregation for feature detection and tracking , due to which their performance degrades at the object boundaries that separate multiple objects . recently , comal features have been proposed that handle such a case . however , they proposed a simple tracking framework where the points are re - detected in each frame and matched . this is inefficient and may also lose many points ←
→ large scale evolution of convolutional neural networks using volunteer computing ; this work presents a new algorithm called evolutionary exploration of augmenting convolutional topologies ( exact ), which is capable of evolving the structure of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). exact is in part modeled after the neuroevolution of augmenting topologies ( neat ) algorithm , with notable exceptions to allow it to scale to large scale distributed computing environments and evolve networks with convolutional f ←
→ synthetic to real adaptation with generative correlation alignment networks ; synthetic images rendered from 3d cad models are useful for augmenting training data for object recognition algorithms . however , the generated images are non - photorealistic and do not match real image statistics . this leads to a large domain discrepancy , causing models trained on synthetic data to perform poorly on real domains . recent work has shown the great potential of deep convolutional neural networks to generate realistic ←
→ adversarial examples for generative models ; we explore methods of producing adversarial examples on deep generative models such as the variational autoencoder ( vae ) and the vae - gan . deep learning architectures are known to be vulnerable to adversarial examples , but previous work has focused on the application of adversarial examples to classification tasks . deep generative models have recently become popular due to their ability to model input data distributions and generate realistic examples from those d ←
→ holistic planimetric prediction to local volumetric prediction for 3d human pose estimation ; we propose a novel approach to 3d human pose estimation from a single depth map . recently , convolutional neural network ( cnn ) has become a powerful paradigm in computer vision . many of computer vision tasks have benefited from cnns , however , the conventional approach to directly regress 3d body joint locations from an image does not yield a noticeably improved performance . in contrast , we formulate the problem as ←
→ new edge detection technique based on the shannon entropy in gray level images ; edge detection is an important field in image processing . edges characterize object boundaries and are therefore useful for segmentation , registration , feature extraction , and identification of objects in a scene . in this paper , an approach utilizing an improvement of baljit and amar method which uses shannon entropy other than the evaluation of derivatives of the image in detecting edges in gray level images has been propose ←
→ enhancing person re - identification in a self - trained subspace ; despite the promising progress made in recent years , person re - identification ( re - id ) remains a challenging task due to the complex variations in human appearances from different camera views . for this challenging problem , a large variety of algorithms have been developed in the fully - supervised setting , requiring access to a large amount of labeled training data . however , the main bottleneck for fully - supervised re - id is the limited availabili ←
→ representing , reasoning and answering questions about biological pathways - various applications ; biological organisms are composed of numerous interconnected biochemical processes . diseases occur when normal functionality of these processes is disrupted . thus , understanding these biochemical processes and their interrelationships is a primary task in biomedical research and a prerequisite for diagnosing diseases , and drug development . scientists studying these processes have identified various pathways ←
→ automatic viseme vocabulary construction to enhance continuous lip - reading ; speech is the most common communication method between humans and involves the perception of both auditory and visual channels . automatic speech recognition focuses on interpreting the audio signals , but it has been demonstrated that video can provide information that is complementary to the audio . thus , the study of automatic lip - reading is important and is still an open problem . one of the key challenges is the definition of th ←
→ character - aware neural language models ; we describe a simple neural language model that relies only on character - level inputs . predictions are still made at the word - level . our model employs a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) and a highway network over characters , whose output is given to a long short - term memory ( lstm ) recurrent neural network language model ( rnn - lm ). on the english penn treebank the model is on par with the existing state - of - the - art despite having 60 % fewer parameters . on languages wit ←
→ social computing for mobile big data in wireless networks ; mobile big data contains vast statistical features in various dimensions , including spatial , temporal , and the underlying social domain . understanding and exploiting the features of mobile data from a social network perspective will be extremely beneficial to wireless networks , from planning , operation , and maintenance to optimization and marketing . in this paper , we categorize and analyze the big data collected from real wireless cellular networks ←
→ variational walkback : learning a transition operator as a stochastic recurrent net ; we propose a novel method to directly learn a stochastic transition operator whose repeated application provides generated samples . traditional undirected graphical models approach this problem indirectly by learning a markov chain model whose stationary distribution obeys detailed balance with respect to a parameterized energy function . the energy function is then modified so the model and data distributions match , with ←
→ a fully automated framework for lung tumour detection , segmentation and analysis ; early and correct diagnosis is a very important aspect of cancer treatment . detection of tumour in computed tomography scan is a tedious and tricky task which requires expert knowledge and a lot of human working hours . as small human error is present in any work he does , it is possible that a ct scan could be misdiagnosed causing the patient to become terminal . this paper introduces a novel fully automated framework which h ←
→ document context language models ; text documents are structured on multiple levels of detail : individual words are related by syntax , but larger units of text are related by discourse structure . existing language models generally fail to account for discourse structure , but it is crucial if we are to have language models that reward coherence and generate coherent texts . we present and empirically evaluate a set of multi - level recurrent neural network language models , called document - context language model ←
→ on hilberg ' s law and its links with guiraud ' s law ; hilberg ( 1990 ) supposed that finite - order excess entropy of a random human text is proportional to the square root of the text length . assuming that hilberg ' s hypothesis is true , we derive guiraud ' s law , which states that the number of word types in a text is greater than proportional to the square root of the text length . our derivation is based on some mathematical conjecture in coding theory and on several experiments suggesting that words can be define ←
→ a deep learning approach for pose estimation from volumetric oct data ; tracking the pose of instruments is a central problem in image - guided surgery . for microscopic scenarios , optical coherence tomography ( oct ) is increasingly used as an imaging modality . oct is suitable for accurate pose estimation due to its micrometer range resolution and volumetric field of view . however , oct image processing is challenging due to speckle noise and reflection artifacts in addition to the images ' 3d nature . we address ←
→ prior and likelihood choices for bayesian matrix factorisation on small datasets ; in this paper , we study the effects of different prior and likelihood choices for bayesian matrix factorisation , focusing on small datasets . these choices can greatly influence the predictive performance of the methods . we identify four groups of approaches : gaussian - likelihood with real - valued priors , nonnegative priors , semi - nonnegative models , and finally poisson - likelihood approaches . for each group we review several mo ←
→ modeling image virality with pairwise spatial transformer networks ; the study of virality and information diffusion online is a topic gaining traction rapidly in the computational social sciences . computer vision and social network analysis research have also focused on understanding the impact of content and information diffusion in making content viral , with prior approaches not performing significantly well as other traditional classification tasks . in this paper , we present a novel pairwise reformulati ←
→ multi - scale convolutional neural networks for crowd counting ; crowd counting on static images is a challenging problem due to scale variations . recently deep neural networks have been shown to be effective in this task . however , existing neural - networks - based methods often use the multi - column or multi - network model to extract the scale - relevant features , which is more complicated for optimization and computation wasting . to this end , we propose a novel multi - scale convolutional neural network ( mscnn ) for ←
→ application of bayesian hierarchical prior modeling to sparse channel estimation ; existing methods for sparse channel estimation typically provide an estimate computed as the solution maximizing an objective function defined as the sum of the log - likelihood function and a penalization term proportional to the l1 - norm of the parameter of interest . however , other penalization terms have proven to have strong sparsity - inducing properties . in this work , we design pilot - assisted channel estimators for ofdm wi ←
→ learning optimization models in the presence of unknown relations ; in a sequential auction with multiple bidding agents , it is highly challenging to determine the ordering of the items to sell in order to maximize the revenue due to the fact that the autonomy and private information of the agents heavily influence the outcome of the auction . the main contribution of this paper is two - fold . first , we demonstrate how to apply machine learning techniques to solve the optimal ordering problem in sequential a ←
→ conditioning on disjunctive knowledge : defaults and probabilities ; many writers have observed that default logics appear to contain the " lottery paradox " of probability theory . this arises when a default " proof by contradiction " lets us conclude that a typical x is not a y where y is an unusual subclass of x . we show that there is a similar problem with default " proof by cases " and construct a setting where we might draw a different conclusion knowing a disjunction than we would knowing any particular disj ←
→ seeded laplaican : an eigenfunction solution for scribble based interactive image segmentation ; in this paper , we cast the scribble - based interactive image segmentation as a semi - supervised learning problem . our novel approach alleviates the need to solve an expensive generalized eigenvector problem by approximating the eigenvectors using efficiently computed eigenfunctions . the smoothness operator defined on feature densities at the limit n tends to infinity recovers the exact eigenvectors of the graph l ←
→ predicting clicks in online display advertising with latent features and side - information ; we review a method for click - through rate prediction based on the work of menon et al . [ 11 ], which combines collaborative filtering and matrix factorization with a side - information model and fuses the outputs to proper probabilities in [ 0 , 1 ]. in addition we provide details , both for the modeling as well as the experimental part , that are not found elsewhere . we rigorously test the performance on several test data s ←
→ a new statistic feature of the short - time amplitude spectrum values for human ' s unvoiced pronunciation ; in this paper , a new statistic feature of the discrete short - time amplitude spectrum is discovered by experiments for the signals of unvoiced pronunciation . for the random - varying short - time spectrum , this feature reveals the relationship between the amplitude ' s average and its standard for every frequency component . on the other hand , the association between the amplitude distributions for different f ←
→ source localization in an ocean waveguide using supervised machine learning ; source localization in ocean acoustics is posed as a machine learning problem in which data - driven methods learn source ranges directly from observed acoustic data . the pressure received by a vertical linear array is preprocessed by constructing a normalized sample covariance matrix ( scm ) and used as the input . three machine learning methods ( feed - forward neural networks ( fnn ), support vector machines ( svm ) and random forests ( r ←
→ joint topic modeling and factor analysis of textual information and graded response data ; modern machine learning methods are critical to the development of large - scale personalized learning systems that cater directly to the needs of individual learners . the recently developed sparse factor analysis ( sparfa ) framework provides a new statistical model and algorithms for machine learning - based learning analytics , which estimate a learner ' s knowledge of the latent concepts underlying a domain , and content ←
→ designing generalisation evaluation function through human - machine dialogue ; automated generalisation has known important improvements these last few years . however , an issue that still deserves more study concerns the automatic evaluation of generalised data . indeed , many automated generalisation systems require the utilisation of an evaluation function to automatically assess generalisation outcomes . in this paper , we propose a new approach dedicated to the design of such a function . this approach allo ←
→ stochastic processes and feedback - linearisation for online identification and bayesian adaptive control of fully - actuated mechanical systems ; this work proposes a new method for simultaneous probabilistic identification and control of an observable , fully - actuated mechanical system . identification is achieved by conditioning stochastic process priors on observations of configurations and noisy estimates of configuration derivatives . in contrast to previous work that has used stochastic processes for id ←
→ a self - organizing system for urban traffic control based on predictive interval microscopic model ; this paper introduces a self - organizing traffic signal system for an urban road network . the key elements of this system are agents that control traffic signals at intersections . each agent uses an interval microscopic traffic model to predict effects of its possible control actions in a short time horizon . the executed control action is selected on the basis of predicted delay intervals . since the predicti ←
→ an effective approach to biomedical information extraction with limited training data ; overall , the two main contributions of this work include the application of sentence simplification to association extraction as described above , and the use of distributional semantics for concept extraction . the proposed work on concept extraction amalgamates for the first time two diverse research areas - distributional semantics and information extraction . this approach renders all the advantages offered in other se ←
→ a comparative study of techniques of distant reconstruction of displacement fields by using distress simulator ; reconstruction and monitoring of displacement and strain fields is an important problem in engineering . we analyze the remote and non - obtrusive methods of strain measurement based on photogrammetry and digital image correlation ( dic ). the method is based on covering the photographed surface with a pattern of speckles and comparing the images taken before and after the deformation . in this study ←
→ adaptation of fictional and online conversations to communication media ; conversations allow the quick transfer of short bits of information and it is reasonable to expect that changes in communication medium affect how we converse . using conversations in works of fiction and in an online social networking platform , we show that the utterance length of conversations is slowly shortening with time but adapts more strongly to the constraints of the communication medium . this indicates that the introduction o ←
→ computing human - understandable strategies ; algorithms for equilibrium computation generally make no attempt to ensure that the computed strategies are understandable by humans . for instance the strategies for the strongest poker agents are represented as massive binary files . in many situations , we would like to compute strategies that can actually be implemented by humans , who may have computational limitations and may only be able to remember a small number of features or components of the strategies tha ←
→ object class detection and classification using multi scale gradient and corner point based shape descriptors ; this paper presents a novel multi scale gradient and a corner point based shape descriptors . the novel multi scale gradient based shape descriptor is combined with generic fourier descriptors to extract contour and region based shape information . shape information based object class detection and classification technique with a random forest classifier has been optimized . proposed integrated des ←
→ memory - based control with recurrent neural networks ; partially observed control problems are a challenging aspect of reinforcement learning . we extend two related , model - free algorithms for continuous control -- deterministic policy gradient and stochastic value gradient -- to solve partially observed domains using recurrent neural networks trained with backpropagation through time . we demonstrate that this approach , coupled with long - short term memory is able to solve a variety of physical control probl ←
→ distorted english alphabet identification : an application of difference boosting algorithm ; the difference - boosting algorithm is used on letters dataset from the uci repository to classify distorted raster images of english alphabets . in contrast to rather complex networks , the difference - boosting is found to produce comparable or better classification efficiency on this complex problem .←
→ a note on the function approximation error bound for risk - sensitive reinforcement learning ; in this paper we obtain several error bounds on function approximation for the policy evaluation algorithm proposed by basu et al . when the aim is to find the risk - sensitive cost represented using exponential utility . we also give examples where all our bounds achieve the " actual error " whereas the earlier bound given by basu et al . is much weaker in comparison . we show that this happens due to the absence of diff ←
→ an efficient genetic algorithm for large - scale transmit power control of dense industrial wireless networks ; the industrial wireless local area network ( iwlan ) is increasingly dense , not only due to the penetration of wireless applications into factories and warehouses , but also because of the rising need of redundancy for robust wireless coverage . instead of powering on all the nodes with the maximal transmit power , it becomes an unavoidable challenge to control the transmit power of all wireless nodes ←
→ convolutional networks with adaptive computation graphs ; do convolutional networks really need a fixed feed - forward structure ? often , a neural network is already confident after a few layers about the high - level concept shown in the image . however , due to the fixed network structure , all remaining layers still need to be evaluated . what if the network could jump right to a layer that is specialized in fine - grained differences of the image ' s content ? in this work , we propose adanets , a family of convolution ←
→ two - step disentanglement for financial data ; in this work , we address the problem of disentanglement of factors that generate a given data into those that are correlated with the labeling and those that are not . our solution is simpler than previous solutions and employs adversarial training in a straightforward manner . we demonstrate the new method on visual datasets as well as on financial data . in order to evaluate the latter , we developed a hypothetical trading strategy whose performance is affected by ←
→ evolutionary biclustering of clickstream data ; biclustering is a two way clustering approach involving simultaneous clustering along two dimensions of the data matrix . finding biclusters of web objects ( i . e . web users and web pages ) is an emerging topic in the context of web usage mining . it overcomes the problem associated with traditional clustering methods by allowing automatic discovery of browsing pattern based on a subset of attributes . a coherent bicluster of clickstream data is a local browsing pat ←
→ a fixed - point of view on gradient methods for big data ; interpreting gradient methods as fixed - point iterations , we provide a detailed analysis of those methods for minimizing convex objective functions . due to their conceptual and algorithmic simplicity , gradient methods are widely used in machine learning for massive data sets ( big data ). in particular , stochastic gradient methods are considered the de - facto standard for training deep neural networks . studying gradient methods within the realm of fixed -←
→ decoupling exploration and exploitation in multi - armed bandits ; we consider a multi - armed bandit problem where the decision maker can explore and exploit different arms at every round . the exploited arm adds to the decision maker ' s cumulative reward ( without necessarily observing the reward ) while the explored arm reveals its value . we devise algorithms for this setup and show that the dependence on the number of arms , k , can be much better than the standard square root of k dependence , depending on the be ←
→ mining and discovering biographical information in difangzhi with a language - model - based approach ; we present results of expanding the contents of the china biographical database by text mining historical local gazetteers , difangzhi . the goal of the database is to see how people are connected together , through kinship , social connections , and the places and offices in which they served . the gazetteers are the single most important collection of names and offices covering the song through qing periods . al ←
→ segmentation of bleeding regions in wireless capsule endoscopy images an approach for inside capsule video summarization ; wireless capsule endoscopy ( wce ) is an effective means of diagnosis of gastrointestinal disorders . detection of informative scenes by wce could reduce the length of transmitted videos and can help with the diagnosis . in this paper we propose a simple and efficient method for segmentation of the bleeding regions in wce captured images . suitable color channels are selected and classifie ←
→ a new boosting algorithm based on dual averaging scheme ; the fields of machine learning and mathematical optimization increasingly intertwined . the special topic on supervised learning and convex optimization examines this interplay . the training part of most supervised learning algorithms can usually be reduced to an optimization problem that minimizes a loss between model predictions and training data . while most optimization techniques focus on accuracy and speed of convergence , the qualities of good op ←
→ saberlda : sparsity - aware learning of topic models on gpus ; latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) is a popular tool for analyzing discrete count data such as text and images . applications require lda to handle both large datasets and a large number of topics . though distributed cpu systems have been used , gpu - based systems have emerged as a promising alternative because of the high computational power and memory bandwidth of gpus . however , existing gpu - based lda systems cannot support a large number of topics b ←
→ lsalsa : efficient sparse coding in single and multiple dictionary settings ; we propose an efficient sparse coding ( sc ) framework for obtaining sparse representation of data . the proposed framework is very general and applies to both the single dictionary setting , where each data point is represented as a sparse combination of the columns of one dictionary matrix , as well as the multiple dictionary setting as given in morphological component analysis ( mca ), where the goal is to separate the data into addi ←
→ cahn -- hilliard inpainting with the double obstacle potential ; the inpainting of damaged images has a wide range of applications and many different mathematical methods have been proposed to solve this problem . inpainting witht the help of cahn -- hilliard models has been particularly successful , and it turns out that cahn -- hilliard inpainting with the double obstacle potential can lead to better results compared to inpainting with a smooth double well potential . however , a mathematical analysis of this appro ←
→ deep multimodal speaker naming ; automatic speaker naming is the problem of localizing as well as identifying each speaking character in a tv / movie / live show video . this is a challenging problem mainly attributes to its multimodal nature , namely face cue alone is insufficient to achieve good performance . previous multimodal approaches to this problem usually process the data of different modalities individually and merge them using handcrafted heuristics . such approaches work well for simple scenes , but fai ←
→ from word embeddings to item recommendation ; social network platforms can use the data produced by their users to serve them better . one of the services these platforms provide is recommendation service . recommendation systems can predict the future preferences of users using their past preferences . in the recommendation systems literature there are various techniques , such as neighborhood based methods , machine - learning based methods and matrix - factorization based methods . in this work , a set of well know ←
→ comparing face detection and recognition techniques ; this paper implements and compares different techniques for face detection and recognition . one is find where the face is located in the images that is face detection and second is face recognition that is identifying the person . we study three techniques in this paper : face detection using self organizing map ( som ), face recognition by projection and nearest neighbor and face recognition using svm .←
→ near perfect protein multi - label classification with deep neural networks ; artificial neural networks ( anns ) have gained a well - deserved popularity among machine learning tools upon their recent successful applications in image - and sound processing and classification problems . anns have also been applied for predicting the family or function of a protein , knowing its residue sequence . here we present two new anns with multi - label classification ability , showing impressive accuracy when classifying prote ←
→ a mathematical unification of geometric crossovers defined on phenotype space ; geometric crossover is a representation - independent definition of crossover based on the distance of the search space interpreted as a metric space . it generalizes the traditional crossover for binary strings and other important recombination operators for the most frequently used representations . using a distance tailored to the problem at hand , the abstract definition of crossover can be used to design new problem specific c ←
→ robust visual tracking via convolutional networks ; deep networks have been successfully applied to visual tracking by learning a generic representation offline from numerous training images . however the offline training is time - consuming and the learned generic representation may be less discriminative for tracking specific objects . in this paper we present that , even without offline training with a large amount of auxiliary data , simple two - layer convolutional networks can be powerful enough to develop a ←
→ structural similarity and distance in learning ; we propose a novel method of introducing structure into existing machine learning techniques by developing structure - based similarity and distance measures . to learn structural information , low - dimensional structure of the data is captured by solving a non - linear , low - rank representation problem . we show that this low - rank representation can be kernelized , has a closed - form solution , allows for separation of independent manifolds , and is robust to noise . from ←
→ a comparison of constraint handling techniques for dynamic constrained optimization problems ; dynamic constrained optimization problems ( dcops ) have gained researchers attention in recent years because a vast majority of real world problems change over time . there are studies about the effect of constrained handling techniques in static optimization problems . however , there lacks any substantial study in the behavior of the most popular constraint handling techniques when dealing with dcops . in this pape ←
→ robust deformation estimation in wood - composite materials using variational optical flow ; wood - composite materials are widely used today as they homogenize humidity related directional deformations . quantification of these deformations as coefficients is important for construction and engineering and topic of current research but still a manual process . this work introduces a novel computer vision approach that automatically extracts these properties directly from scans of the wooden specimens , taken a ←
→ graph estimation from multi - attribute data ; many real world network problems often concern multivariate nodal attributes such as image , textual , and multi - view feature vectors on nodes , rather than simple univariate nodal attributes . the existing graph estimation methods built on gaussian graphical models and covariance selection algorithms can not handle such data , neither can the theories developed around such methods be directly applied . in this paper , we propose a new principled framework for estimatin ←
→ 3d shape segmentation via shape fully convolutional networks ; we propose a novel fully convolutional network architecture for shapes , denoted by shape fully convolutional networks ( sfcn ). 3d shapes are represented as graph structures in the sfcn architecture , based on novel graph convolution and pooling operations , which are similar to convolution and pooling operations used on images . meanwhile , to build our sfcn architecture in the original image segmentation fully convolutional network ( fcn ) architectur ←
→ deep reinforcement learning from human preferences ; for sophisticated reinforcement learning ( rl ) systems to interact usefully with real - world environments , we need to communicate complex goals to these systems . in this work , we explore goals defined in terms of ( non - expert ) human preferences between pairs of trajectory segments . we show that this approach can effectively solve complex rl tasks without access to the reward function , including atari games and simulated robot locomotion , while providing feed ←
→ a survey of recent advances in cnn - based single image crowd counting and density estimation ; estimating count and density maps from crowd images has a wide range of applications such as video surveillance , traffic monitoring , public safety and urban planning . in addition , techniques developed for crowd counting can be applied to related tasks in other fields of study such as cell microscopy , vehicle counting and environmental survey . the task of crowd counting and density map estimation is riddled with m ←
→ from image - level to pixel - level labeling with convolutional networks ; we are interested in inferring object segmentation by leveraging only object class information , and by considering only minimal priors on the object segmentation task . this problem could be viewed as a kind of weakly supervised segmentation task , and naturally fits the multiple instance learning ( mil ) framework : every training image is known to have ( or not ) at least one pixel corresponding to the image class label , and the segmentation ←
→ review and perspective for distance based trajectory clustering ; in this paper we tackle the issue of clustering trajectories of geolocalized observations . using clustering technics based on the choice of a distance between the observations , we first provide a comprehensive review of the different distances used in the literature to compare trajectories . then based on the limitations of these methods , we introduce a new distance : symmetrized segment - path distance ( sspd ). we finally compare this new distan ←
→ reservoir computing using cellular automata ; we introduce a novel framework of reservoir computing . cellular automaton is used as the reservoir of dynamical systems . input is randomly projected onto the initial conditions of automaton cells and nonlinear computation is performed on the input via application of a rule in the automaton for a period of time . the evolution of the automaton creates a space - time volume of the automaton state space , and it is used as the reservoir . the proposed framework is capab ←
→ universal 3d wearable fingerprint targets : advancing fingerprint reader evaluations ; we present the design and manufacturing of high fidelity universal 3d fingerprint targets , which can be imaged on a variety of fingerprint sensing technologies , namely capacitive , contact - optical , and contactless - optical . universal 3d fingerprint targets enable , for the first time , not only a repeatable and controlled evaluation of fingerprint readers , but also the ability to conduct fingerprint reader interoperability s ←
→ convolutional neural networks for segmentation and object detection of human semen ; we compare a set of convolutional neural network ( cnn ) architectures for the task of segmenting and detecting human sperm cells in an image taken from a semen sample . in contrast to previous work , samples are not stained or washed to allow for full sperm quality analysis , making analysis harder due to clutter . our results indicate that training on full images is superior to training on patches when class - skew is properly ←
→ application of threshold techniques for readability improvement of jawi historical manuscript images ; historical documents such as old books and manuscripts have a high aesthetic value and highly appreciated . unfortunately , there are some documents cannot be read due to quality problems like faded paper , ink expand , uneven colour tone , torn paper and other elements disruption such as the existence of small spots . the study aims to produce a copy of manuscript that shows clear wordings so they can easily ←
→ reversible architectures for arbitrarily deep residual neural networks ; recently , deep residual networks have been successfully applied in many computer vision and natural language processing tasks , pushing the state - of - the - art performance with deeper and wider architectures . in this work , we interpret deep residual networks as ordinary differential equations ( odes ), which have long been studied in mathematics and physics with rich theoretical and empirical success . from this interpretation , we develop a t ←
→ model - based planning in discrete action spaces ; planning actions using learned and differentiable forward models of the world is a general approach which has a number of desirable properties , including improved sample complexity over model - free rl methods , reuse of learned models across different tasks , and the ability to perform efficient gradient - based optimization in continuous action spaces . however , this approach does not apply straightforwardly when the action space is discrete , which may have limite ←
→ abstract argumentation / persuasion / dynamics ; the act of persuasion , a key component in rhetoric argumentation , may be viewed as a dynamics modifier . such modifiers are well - known in other research fields : recall dynamic epistemic logic where operators modify possible world accessibilities , or recall side effects and concurrency in programming languages . we consider persuasion in abstract argumentation as undertaking a similar role . we extend dung ' s frameworks with acts of persuasion among agents into ab ←
→ multi - gpu parallel memetic algorithm for capacitated vehicle routing problem ; the goal of this paper is to propose and test a new memetic algorithm for the capacitated vehicle routing problem in parallel computing environment . in this paper we consider simple variation of vehicle routing problem in which the only parameter is the capacity of the vehicle and each client only needs one package . we present simple reduction to prove the existence of polynomial - time algorithm for capacity 2 . we analyze the ef ←
→ active learning for approximation of expensive functions with normal distributed output uncertainty ; when approximating a black - box function , sampling with active learning focussing on regions with non - linear responses tends to improve accuracy . we present the flola - voronoi method introduced previously for deterministic responses , and theoretically derive the impact of output uncertainty . the algorithm automatically puts more emphasis on exploration to provide more information to the models .←
→ backwards state - space reduction for planning in dynamic knowledge bases ; in this paper we address the problem of planning in rich domains , where knowledge representation is a key aspect for managing the complexity and size of the planning domain . we follow the approach of description logic ( dl ) based dynamic knowledge bases , where a state of the world is represented concisely by a ( possibly changing ) abox and a ( fixed ) tbox containing the axioms , and actions that allow to change the content of the abox . th ←
→ feature selection using nearest attributes ; feature selection is an important problem in high - dimensional data analysis and classification . conventional feature selection approaches focus on detecting the features based on a redundancy criterion using learning and feature searching schemes . in contrast , we present an approach that identifies the need to select features based on their discriminatory ability among classes . area of overlap between inter - class and intra - class distances resulting from feature t ←
→ 6d object pose estimation with depth images : a seamless approach for robotic interaction and augmented reality ; to determine the 3d orientation and 3d location of objects in the surroundings of a camera mounted on a robot or mobile device , we developed two powerful algorithms in object detection and temporal tracking that are combined seamlessly for robotic perception and interaction as well as augmented reality ( ar ). a separate evaluation of , respectively , the object detection and the temporal tracker d ←
→ generalization of clauses under implication ; in the area of inductive learning , generalization is a main operation , and the usual definition of induction is based on logical implication . recently there has been a rising interest in clausal representation of knowledge in machine learning . almost all inductive learning systems that perform generalization of clauses use the relation theta - subsumption instead of implication . the main reason is that there is a well - known and simple technique to compute least ge ←
→ the best of both worlds : learning geometry - based 6d object pose estimation ; we address the task of estimating the 6d pose of known rigid objects , from rgb and rgb - d input images , in scenarios where the objects are heavily occluded . our main contribution is a new modular processing pipeline . the first module localizes all known objects in the image via an existing instance segmentation network . the next module densely regresses the object surface positions in its local coordinate system , using an encoder -←
→ probabilistic extension to the concurrent constraint factor oracle model for music improvisation ; we can program a real - time ( rt ) music improvisation system in c ++ without a formal semantic or we can model it with process calculi such as the non - deterministic timed concurrent constraint ( ntcc ) calculus . " a concurrent constraints factor oracle ( fo ) model for music improvisation " ( ccfomi ) is an improvisation model specified on ntcc . since ccfomi improvises non - deterministically , there is no control on choi ←
→ transfer learning for cross - dataset recognition : a survey ; this paper summarises and analyses the cross - dataset recognition transfer learning techniques with the emphasis on what kinds of methods can be used when the available source and target data are presented in different forms for boosting the target task . this paper for the first time summarises several transferring criteria in details from the concept level , which are the key bases to guide what kind of knowledge to transfer between datasets . in add ←
→ learning to mine chinese coordinate terms using the web ; coordinate relation refers to the relation between instances of a concept and the relation between the directly hyponyms of a concept . in this paper , we focus on the task of extracting terms which are coordinate with a user given seed term in chinese , and grouping the terms which belong to different concepts if the seed term has several meanings . we propose a semi - supervised method that integrates manually defined linguistic patterns and automaticall ←
→ zero - shot learning via shared - reconstruction - graph pursuit ; zero - shot learning ( zsl ) aims to recognize objects from novel unseen classes without any training data . recently , structure - transfer based methods are proposed to implement zsl by transferring structural knowledge from the semantic embedding space to image feature space to classify testing images . however , we observe that such a knowledge transfer framework may suffer from the problem of the geometric inconsistency between the data in the training ←
→ online bandit learning against an adaptive adversary : from regret to policy regret ; online learning algorithms are designed to learn even when their input is generated by an adversary . the widely - accepted formal definition of an online algorithm ' s ability to learn is the game - theoretic notion of regret . we argue that the standard definition of regret becomes inadequate if the adversary is allowed to adapt to the online algorithm ' s actions . we define the alternative notion of policy regret , which attempts ←
→ dj - mc : a reinforcement - learning agent for music playlist recommendation ; in recent years , there has been growing focus on the study of automated recommender systems . music recommendation systems serve as a prominent domain for such works , both from an academic and a commercial perspective . a fundamental aspect of music perception is that music is experienced in temporal context and in sequence . in this work we present dj - mc , a novel reinforcement - learning framework for music recommendation that does not re ←
→ data smashing ; investigation of the underlying physics or biology from empirical data requires a quantifiable notion of similarity - when do two observed data sets indicate nearly identical generating processes , and when they do not . the discriminating characteristics to look for in data is often determined by heuristics designed by experts , $ e . g .$, distinct shapes of " folded " lightcurves may be used as " features " to classify variable stars , while determination of pathological brain states might require a ←
→ learning infinite rbms with frank - wolfe ; in this work , we propose an infinite restricted boltzmann machine ~( rbm ), whose maximum likelihood estimation ~( mle ) corresponds to a constrained convex optimization . we consider the frank - wolfe algorithm to solve the program , which provides a sparse solution that can be interpreted as inserting a hidden unit at each iteration , so that the optimization process takes the form of a sequence of finite models of increasing complexity . as a side benefit , this can be used t ←
→ generative poisoning attack method against neural networks ; poisoning attack is identified as a severe security threat to machine learning algorithms . in many applications , for example , deep neural network ( dnn ) models collect public data as the inputs to perform re - training , where the input data can be poisoned . although poisoning attack against support vector machines ( svm ) has been extensively studied before , there is still very limited knowledge about how such attack can be implemented on neural networ ←
→ dictionary subselection using an overcomplete joint sparsity model ; many natural signals exhibit a sparse representation , whenever a suitable describing model is given . here , a linear generative model is considered , where many sparsity - based signal processing techniques rely on such a simplified model . as this model is often unknown for many classes of the signals , we need to select such a model based on the domain knowledge or using some exemplar signals . this paper presents a new exemplar based approach ←
→ nonlinear information bottleneck ; information bottleneck [ ib ] is a technique for extracting information in some ` input ' random variable that is relevant for predicting some different ' output ' random variable . ib works by encoding the input in a compressed ' bottleneck variable ' from which the output can then be accurately decoded . ib can be difficult to compute in practice , and has been mainly developed for two limited cases : ( 1 ) discrete random variables with small state spaces , and ( 2 ) continuous random v ←
→ learning invariant features through local space contraction ; we present in this paper a novel approach for training deterministic auto - encoders . we show that by adding a well chosen penalty term to the classical reconstruction cost function , we can achieve results that equal or surpass those attained by other regularized auto - encoders as well as denoising auto - encoders on a range of datasets . this penalty term corresponds to the frobenius norm of the jacobian matrix of the encoder activations with respect ←
→ ups and downs : modeling the visual evolution of fashion trends with one - class collaborative filtering ; building a successful recommender system depends on understanding both the dimensions of people ' s preferences as well as their dynamics . in certain domains , such as fashion , modeling such preferences can be incredibly difficult , due to the need to simultaneously model the visual appearance of products as well as their evolution over time . the subtle semantics and non - linear dynamics of fashion evolution ←
→ warehouse layout method based on ant colony and backtracking algorithm ; warehouse is one of the important aspects of a company . therefore , it is necessary to improve warehouse management system ( wms ) to have a simple function that can determine the layout of the storage goods . in this paper we propose an improved warehouse layout method based on ant colony algorithm and backtracking algorithm . the method works on two steps . first , it generates a solutions parameter tree from backtracking algorithm . then se ←
→ product manifold filter : non - rigid shape correspondence via kernel density estimation in the product space ; many algorithms for the computation of correspondences between deformable shapes rely on some variant of nearest neighbor matching in a descriptor space . such are , for example , various point - wise correspondence recovery algorithms used as a post - processing stage in the functional correspondence framework . such frequently used techniques implicitly make restrictive assumptions ( e . g ., near - isometry ) ←
→ listen and translate : a proof of concept for end - to - end speech - to - text translation ; this paper proposes a first attempt to build an end - to - end speech - to - text translation system , which does not use source language transcription during learning or decoding . we propose a model for direct speech - to - text translation , which gives promising results on a small french - english synthetic corpus . relaxing the need for source language transcription would drastically change the data collection methodology in speech tr ←
→ algorithm selection for combinatorial search problems : a survey ; the algorithm selection problem is concerned with selecting the best algorithm to solve a given problem on a case - by - case basis . it has become especially relevant in the last decade , as researchers are increasingly investigating how to identify the most suitable existing algorithm for solving a problem instead of developing new algorithms . this survey presents an overview of this work focusing on the contributions made in the area of combinat ←
→ applying deep learning to basketball trajectories ; one of the emerging trends for sports analytics is the growing use of player and ball tracking data . a parallel development is deep learning predictive approaches that use vast quantities of data with less reliance on feature engineering . this paper applies recurrent neural networks in the form of sequence modeling to predict whether a three - point shot is successful . the models are capable of learning the trajectory of a basketball without any knowledge of ←
→ recurrent slice networks for 3d segmentation on point clouds ; in this paper , we present a conceptually simple and powerful framework , recurrent slice network ( rsnet ), for 3d semantic segmentation on point clouds . performing 3d segmentation on point clouds is computationally efficient . and it is free of the quantitation artifact problems which exists in other 3d data formats such as voxelized volumes and multi view renderings . however , existing point clouds based methods either do not model local dependenci ←
→ block - simultaneous direction method of multipliers : a proximal primal - dual splitting algorithm for nonconvex problems with multiple constraints ; we introduce a generalization of the linearized alternating direction method of multipliers to optimize a real - valued function $ f $ of multiple arguments with potentially multiple constraints $ g_ \ circ $ on each of them . the function $ f $ may be nonconvex as long as it is convex in every argument , while the constraints $ g_ \ circ $ need to be convex but not smooth . i ←
→ visual compiler : synthesizing a scene - specific pedestrian detector and pose estimator ; we introduce the concept of a visual compiler that generates a scene specific pedestrian detector and pose estimator without any pedestrian observations . given a single image and auxiliary scene information in the form of camera parameters and geometric layout of the scene , the visual compiler first infers geometrically and photometrically accurate images of humans in that scene through the use of computer graphics ren ←
→ graphical probabilistic routing model for obs networks with realistic traffic scenario ; burst contention is a well - known challenging problem in optical burst switching ( obs ) networks . contention resolution approaches are always reactive and attempt to minimize the blr based on local information available at the core node . on the other hand , a proactive approach that avoids burst losses before they occur is desirable . to reduce the probability of burst contention , a more robust routing algorithm than the ←
→ learning - based view synthesis for light field cameras ; with the introduction of consumer light field cameras , light field imaging has recently become widespread . however , there is an inherent trade - off between the angular and spatial resolution , and thus , these cameras often sparsely sample in either spatial or angular domain . in this paper , we use machine learning to mitigate this trade - off . specifically , we propose a novel learning - based approach to synthesize new views from a sparse set of input views . ←
→ parallel machine scheduling with step deteriorating jobs and setup times by a hybrid discrete cuckoo search algorithm ; this article considers the parallel machine scheduling problem with step - deteriorating jobs and sequence - dependent setup times . the objective is to minimize the total tardiness by determining the allocation and sequence of jobs on identical parallel machines . in this problem , the processing time of each job is a step function dependent upon its starting time . an individual extended time ←
→ an efficient two - stage sparse representation method ; there are a large number of methods for solving under - determined linear inverse problem . many of them have very high time complexity for large datasets . we propose a new method called two - stage sparse representation ( tssr ) to tackle this problem . we decompose the representing space of signals into two parts , the measurement dictionary and the sparsifying basis . the dictionary is designed to approximate a sub - gaussian distribution to exploit its concentra ←
→ neural - based context representation learning for dialog act classification ; we explore context representation learning methods in neural - based models for dialog act classification . we propose and compare extensively different methods which combine recurrent neural network architectures and attention mechanisms ( ams ) at different context levels . our experimental results on two benchmark datasets show consistent improvements compared to the models without contextual information and reveal that the most sui ←
→ confidence estimation in structured prediction ; structured classification tasks such as sequence labeling and dependency parsing have seen much interest by the natural language processing and the machine learning communities . several online learning algorithms were adapted for structured tasks such as perceptron , passive - aggressive and the recently introduced confidence - weighted learning . these online algorithms are easy to implement , fast to train and yield state - of - the - art performance . however , unlike ←
→ identifying consistent statements about numerical data with dispersion - corrected subgroup discovery ; existing algorithms for subgroup discovery with numerical targets do not optimize the error or target variable dispersion of the groups they find . this often leads to unreliable or inconsistent statements about the data , rendering practical applications , especially in scientific domains , futile . therefore , we here extend the optimistic estimator framework for optimal subgroup discovery to a new class of o ←
→ restricting exchangeable nonparametric distributions ; distributions over exchangeable matrices with infinitely many columns , such as the indian buffet process , are useful in constructing nonparametric latent variable models . however , the distribution implied by such models over the number of features exhibited by each data point may be poorly - suited for many modeling tasks . in this paper , we propose a class of exchangeable nonparametric priors obtained by restricting the domain of existing models . such mo ←
→ on the complexity and completeness of static constraints for breaking row and column symmetry ; we consider a common type of symmetry where we have a matrix of decision variables with interchangeable rows and columns . a simple and efficient method to deal with such row and column symmetry is to post symmetry breaking constraints like doublelex and snakelex . we provide a number of positive and negative results on posting such symmetry breaking constraints . on the positive side , we prove that we can compute ←
→ artificial and biological intelligence ; this article considers evidence from physical and biological sciences to show machines are deficient compared to biological systems at incorporating intelligence . machines fall short on two counts : firstly , unlike brains , machines do not self - organize in a recursive manner ; secondly , machines are based on classical logic , whereas nature ' s intelligence may depend on quantum mechanics .←
→ do artificial reinforcement - learning agents matter morally ? ; artificial reinforcement learning ( rl ) is a widely used technique in artificial intelligence that provides a general method for training agents to perform a wide variety of behaviours . rl as used in computer science has striking parallels to reward and punishment learning in animal and human brains . i argue that present - day artificial rl agents have a very small but nonzero degree of ethical importance . this is particularly plausible for views ac ←
→ classification of aerial photogrammetric 3d point clouds ; we present a powerful method to extract per - point semantic class labels from aerialphotogrammetry data . labeling this kind of data is important for tasks such as environmental modelling , object classification and scene understanding . unlike previous point cloud classification methods that rely exclusively on geometric features , we show that incorporating color information yields a significant increase in accuracy in detecting semantic classes . we te ←
→ sample - efficient deep reinforcement learning for dialog control ; representing a dialog policy as a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) is attractive because it handles partial observability , infers a latent representation of state , and can be optimized with supervised learning ( sl ) or reinforcement learning ( rl ). for rl , a policy gradient approach is natural , but is sample inefficient . in this paper , we present 3 methods for reducing the number of dialogs required to optimize an rnn - based dialog policy with rl .←
→ undecidability of the lambek calculus with subexponential and bracket modalities ; the lambek calculus is a well - known logical formalism for modelling natural language syntax . the original calculus covered a substantial number of intricate natural language phenomena , but only those restricted to the context - free setting . in order to address more subtle linguistic issues , the lambek calculus has been extended in various ways . in particular , morrill and valentin ( 2015 ) introduce an extension with so - called ←
→ generalised elastic nets ; the elastic net was introduced as a heuristic algorithm for combinatorial optimisation and has been applied , among other problems , to biological modelling . it has an energy function which trades off a fitness term against a tension term . in the original formulation of the algorithm the tension term was implicitly based on a first - order derivative . in this paper we generalise the elastic net model to an arbitrary quadratic tension term , e . g . derived from a discretised differential ←
→ belief tree search for active object recognition ; active object recognition ( aor ) has been approached as an unsupervised learning problem , in which optimal trajectories for object inspection are not known and are to be discovered by reducing label uncertainty measures or training with reinforcement learning . such approaches have no guarantees of the quality of their solution . in this paper , we treat aor as a partially observable markov decision process ( pomdp ) and find near - optimal policies on training dat ←
→ improving training of deep neural networks via singular value bounding ; deep learning methods achieve great success recently on many computer vision problems , with image classification and object detection as the prominent examples . in spite of these practical successes , optimization of deep networks remains an active topic in deep learning research . in this work , we focus on investigation of the network solution properties that can potentially lead to good performance . our research is inspired by theoreti ←
→ inference suboptimality in variational autoencoders ; amortized inference allows latent - variable models trained via variational learning to scale to large datasets . the quality of approximate inference is determined by two factors : a ) the capacity of the variational distribution to match the true posterior and b ) the ability of the recognition network to produce good variational parameters for each datapoint . we examine approximate inference in variational autoencoders in terms of these factors . we find tha ←
→ introduction to the conll - 2002 shared task : language - independent named entity recognition ; we describe the conll - 2002 shared task : language - independent named entity recognition . we give background information on the data sets and the evaluation method , present a general overview of the systems that have taken part in the task and discuss their performance .←
→ ocular dominance patterns in mammalian visual cortex : a wire length minimization approach ; we propose a theory for ocular dominance ( od ) patterns in mammalian primary visual cortex . this theory is based on the premise that od pattern is an adaptation to minimize the length of intra - cortical wiring . thus we can understand the existing od patterns by solving a wire length minimization problem . we divide all the neurons into two classes : left - eye dominated and right - eye dominated . we find that segregation o ←
→ learning a collaborative multiscale dictionary based on robust empirical mode decomposition ; dictionary learning is a challenge topic in many image processing areas . the basic goal is to learn a sparse representation from an overcomplete basis set . due to combining the advantages of generic multiscale representations with learning based adaptivity , multiscale dictionary representation approaches have the power in capturing structural characteristics of natural images . however , existing multiscale learnin ←
→ open - set language identification ; we present the first open - set language identification experiments using one - class classification . we first highlight the shortcomings of traditional feature extraction methods and propose a hashing - based feature vectorization approach as a solution . using a dataset of 10 languages from different writing systems , we train a one - class support vector machine using only a monolingual corpus for each language . each model is evaluated against a test set of data from all 10 lang ←
→ phase transitions in knowledge compilation : an experimental study ; phase transitions in many complex combinational problems have been widely studied in the past decade . in this paper , we investigate phase transitions in the knowledge compilation empirically , where dfa , obdd and d - dnnf are chosen as the target languages to compile random k - sat instances . we perform intensive experiments to analyze the sizes of compilation results and draw the following conclusions : there exists an easy - hard - easy pattern in ←
→ recognition of indian sign language in live video ; sign language recognition has emerged as one of the important area of research in computer vision . the difficulty faced by the researchers is that the instances of signs vary with both motion and appearance . thus , in this paper a novel approach for recognizing various alphabets of indian sign language is proposed where continuous video sequences of the signs have been considered . the proposed system comprises of three stages : preprocessing stage , feature e ←
→ fhedn : a based on context modeling feature hierarchy encoder - decoder network for face detection ; because of affected by weather conditions , camera pose and range , etc . objects are usually small , blur , occluded and diverse pose in the images gathered from outdoor surveillance cameras or access control system . it is challenging and important to detect faces precisely for face recognition system in the field of public security . in this paper , we design a based on context modeling structure named feature hie ←
→ a novel approach for single gene selection using clustering and dimensionality reduction ; we extend the standard rough set - based approach to deal with huge amounts of numeric attributes versus small amount of available objects . here , a novel approach of clustering along with dimensionality reduction ; hybrid fuzzy c means - quick reduct ( fcmqr ) algorithm is proposed for single gene selection . gene selection is a process to select genes which are more informative . it is one of the important steps in knowledg ←
→ decision support systems using intelligent paradigms ; decision - making is a process of choosing among alternative courses of action for solving complicated problems where multi - criteria objectives are involved . the past few years have witnessed a growing recognition of soft computing ( sc ) technologies that underlie the conception , design and utilization of intelligent systems . in this paper , we present different sc paradigms involving an artificial neural network trained using the scaled conjugate gradient ←
→ an action language for multi - agent domains : foundations ; in multi - agent domains ( mads ), an agent ' s action may not just change the world and the agent ' s knowledge and beliefs about the world , but also may change other agents ' knowledge and beliefs about the world and their knowledge and beliefs about other agents ' knowledge and beliefs about the world . the goals of an agent in a multi - agent world may involve manipulating the knowledge and beliefs of other agents ' and again , not just their knowledge / belief a ←
→ sleeping beauty reconsidered : conditioning and reflection in asynchronous systems ; a careful analysis of conditioning in the sleeping beauty problem is done , using the formal model for reasoning about knowledge and probability developed by halpern and tuttle . while the sleeping beauty problem has been viewed as revealing problems with conditioning in the presence of imperfect recall , the analysis done here reveals that the problems are not so much due to imperfect recall as to asynchrony . the implication ←
→ contrastive pessimistic likelihood estimation for semi - supervised classification ; improvement guarantees for semi - supervised classifiers can currently only be given under restrictive conditions on the data . we propose a general way to perform semi - supervised parameter estimation for likelihood - based classifiers for which , on the full training set , the estimates are never worse than the supervised solution in terms of the log - likelihood . we argue , moreover , that we may expect these solutions to really imp ←
→ 2d - 3d pose consistency - based conditional random fields for 3d human pose estimation ; this study considers the 3d human pose estimation problem in a single rgb image by proposing a conditional random field ( crf ) model over 2d poses , in which the 3d pose is obtained as a byproduct of the inference process . the unary term of the proposed crf model is defined based on a powerful heat - map regression network , which has been proposed for 2d human pose estimation . this study also presents a regression network fo ←
→ ntmaldetect : a machine learning approach to malware detection using native api system calls ; as computing systems become increasingly advanced and as users increasingly engage themselves in technology , security has never been a greater concern . in malware detection , static analysis has been the prominent approach . this approach , however , quickly falls short as malicious programs become more advanced and adopt the capabilities of obfuscating its binaries to execute the same malicious functions , making sta ←
→ dynamic high resolution deformable articulated tracking ; the last several years have seen significant progress in using depth cameras for tracking articulated objects such as human bodies , hands , and robotic manipulators . most approaches focus on tracking skeletal parameters of a fixed shape model , which makes them insufficient for applications that require accurate estimates of deformable object surfaces . to overcome this limitation , we present a 3d model - based tracking system for articulated deformable o ←
→ approximate muscle guided beam search for three - index assignment problem ; as a well - known np - hard problem , the three - index assignment problem ( ap3 ) has attracted lots of research efforts for developing heuristics . however , existing heuristics either obtain less competitive solutions or consume too much time . in this paper , a new heuristic named approximate muscle guided beam search ( ambs ) is developed to achieve a good trade - off between solution quality and running time . by combining the approximate muscle ←
→ optimizing text quantifiers for multivariate loss functions ; we address the problem of \ emph { quantification }, a supervised learning task whose goal is , given a class , to estimate the relative frequency ( or \ emph { prevalence }) of the class in a dataset of unlabelled items . quantification has several applications in data and text mining , such as estimating the prevalence of positive reviews in a set of reviews of a given product , or estimating the prevalence of a given support issue in a dataset of transcript ←
→ the edit distance transducer in action : the university of cambridge english - german system at wmt16 ; this paper presents the university of cambridge submission to wmt16 . motivated by the complementary nature of syntactical machine translation and neural machine translation ( nmt ), we exploit the synergies of hiero and nmt in different combination schemes . starting out with a simple neural lattice rescoring approach , we show that the hiero lattices are often too narrow for nmt ensembles . therefore , instead ←
→ unsupervised dialogue act induction using gaussian mixtures ; this paper introduces a new unsupervised approach for dialogue act induction . given the sequence of dialogue utterances , the task is to assign them the labels representing their function in the dialogue . utterances are represented as real - valued vectors encoding their meaning . we model the dialogue as hidden markov model with emission probabilities estimated by gaussian mixtures . we use gibbs sampling for posterior inference . we present the r ←
→ hard - aware deeply cascaded embedding ; riding on the waves of deep neural networks , deep metric learning has also achieved promising results in various tasks using triplet network or siamese network . though the basic goal of making images from the same category closer than the ones from different categories is intuitive , it is hard to directly optimize due to the quadratic or cubic sample size . to solve the problem , hard example mining which only focuses on a subset of samples that are considered hard is wi ←
→ tracing the boundaries of materials in transparent vessels using computer vision ; visual recognition of material boundaries in transparent vessels is valuable for numerous applications . such recognition is essential for estimation of fill - level , volume and phase - boundaries as well as for tracking of such chemical processes as precipitation , crystallization , condensation , evaporation and phase - separation . the problem of material boundary recognition in images is particularly complex for materials with non ←
→ improving lbp and its variants using anisotropic diffusion ; the main purpose of this paper is to propose a new preprocessing step in order to improve local feature descriptors and texture classification . preprocessing is implemented by using transformations which help highlight salient features that play a significant role in texture recognition . we evaluate and compare four different competing methods : three different anisotropic diffusion methods including the classical anisotropic perona - malik diffusion ←
→ double q ($ σ $) and q ($ σ , λ $): unifying reinforcement learning control algorithms ; temporal - difference ( td ) learning is an important field in reinforcement learning . sarsa and q - learning are among the most used td algorithms . the q ($\ sigma $) algorithm ( sutton and barto ( 2017 )) unifies both . this paper extends the q ($\ sigma $) algorithm to an online multi - step algorithm q ($\ sigma , \ lambda $) using eligibility traces and introduces double q ($\ sigma $) as the extension of q ($\ sigma $) to double learning . experime ←
→ existence and global logarithmic stability of impulsive neural networks with time delay ; the stability and convergence of the neural networks are the fundamental characteristics in the hopfield type networks . since time delay is ubiquitous in most physical and biological systems , more attention is being made for the delayed neural networks . the inclusion of time delay into a neural model is natural due to the finite transmission time of the interactions . the stability analysis of the neural networks depe ←
→ reinforcement learning approach for real time strategy games battle city and s3 ; in this paper we proposed reinforcement learning algorithms with the generalized reward function . in our proposed method we use q - learning and sarsa algorithms with generalised reward function to train the reinforcement learning agent . we evaluated the performance of our proposed algorithms on two real - time strategy games called battlecity and s3 . there are two main advantages of having such an approach as compared to other ←
→ extended comment on language trees and zipping ; this is the extended version of a comment submitted to physical review letters . i first point out the inappropriateness of publishing a letter unrelated to physics . next , i give experimental results showing that the technique used in the letter is 3 times worse and 17 times slower than a simple baseline . and finally , i review the literature , showing that the ideas of the letter are not novel . i conclude by suggesting that physical review letters should not pu ←
→ unsupervised model - free representation learning ; numerous control and learning problems face the situation where sequences of high - dimensional highly dependent data are available , but no or little feedback is provided to the learner . to address this issue , we formulate the following problem . given a series of observations x_0 ,..., x_n coming from a large ( high - dimensional ) space x , find a representation function f mapping x to a finite space y such that the series f ( x_0 ),..., f ( x_n ) preserve as much informat ←
→ parallelizing mcmc with random partition trees ; the modern scale of data has brought new challenges to bayesian inference . in particular , conventional mcmc algorithms are computationally very expensive for large data sets . a promising approach to solve this problem is embarrassingly parallel mcmc ( ep - mcmc ), which first partitions the data into multiple subsets and runs independent sampling algorithms on each subset . the subset posterior draws are then aggregated via some combining rules to obtain the final ←
→ zero - resource machine translation by multimodal encoder - decoder network with multimedia pivot ; we propose an approach to build a neural machine translation system with no supervised resources ( i . e ., no parallel corpora ) using multimodal embedded representation over texts and images . based on the assumption that text documents are often likely to be described with other multimedia information ( e . g ., images ) somewhat related to the content , we try to indirectly estimate the relevance between two languages .←
→ drow : real - time deep learning based wheelchair detection in 2d range data ; we introduce the drow detector , a deep learning based detector for 2d range data . laser scanners are lighting invariant , provide accurate range data , and typically cover a large field of view , making them interesting sensors for robotics applications . so far , research on detection in laser range data has been dominated by hand - crafted features and boosted classifiers , potentially losing performance due to suboptimal design choices ←
→ understanding random forests : from theory to practice ; data analysis and machine learning have become an integrative part of the modern scientific methodology , offering automated procedures for the prediction of a phenomenon based on past observations , unraveling underlying patterns in data and providing insights about the problem . yet , caution should avoid using machine learning as a black - box tool , but rather consider it as a methodology , with a rational thought process that is entirely dependent on the ←
→ a picture is worth a billion bits : real - time image reconstruction from dense binary pixels ; the pursuit of smaller pixel sizes at ever increasing resolution in digital image sensors is mainly driven by the stringent price and form - factor requirements of sensors and optics in the cellular phone market . recently , eric fossum proposed a novel concept of an image sensor with dense sub - diffraction limit one - bit pixels jots , which can be considered a digital emulation of silver halide photographic film . this i ←
→ view - based propagation of decomposable constraints ; constraints that may be obtained by composition from simpler constraints are present , in some way or another , in almost every constraint program . the decomposition of such constraints is a standard technique for obtaining an adequate propagation algorithm from a combination of propagators designed for simpler constraints . the decomposition approach is appealing in several ways . firstly because creating a specific propagator for every constraint is clearly ←
→ conceptnet 5 . 5 : an open multilingual graph of general knowledge ; machine learning about language can be improved by supplying it with specific knowledge and sources of external information . we present here a new version of the linked open data resource conceptnet that is particularly well suited to be used with modern nlp techniques such as word embeddings . conceptnet is a knowledge graph that connects words and phrases of natural language with labeled edges . its knowledge is collected from many sources ←
→ efficient state - space inference of periodic latent force models ; latent force models ( lfm ) are principled approaches to incorporating solutions to differential equations within non - parametric inference methods . unfortunately , the development and application of lfms can be inhibited by their computational cost , especially when closed - form solutions for the lfm are unavailable , as is the case in many real world problems where these latent forces exhibit periodic behaviour . given this , we develop a new sparse ←
→ application of natural language processing to determine user satisfaction in public services ; research on customer satisfaction has increased substantially in recent years . however , the relative importance and relationships between different determinants of satisfaction remains uncertain . moreover , quantitative studies to date tend to test for significance of pre - determined factors thought to have an influence with no scalable means to identify other causes of user satisfaction . the gaps in knowledge mak ←
→ deep networks with internal selective attention through feedback connections ; traditional convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) are stationary and feedforward . they neither change their parameters during evaluation nor use feedback from higher to lower layers . real brains , however , do . so does our deep attention selective network ( dasnet ) architecture . dasnets feedback structure can dynamically alter its convolutional filter sensitivities during classification . it harnesses the power of sequential processi ←
→ statistical linear estimation with penalized estimators : an application to reinforcement learning ; motivated by value function estimation in reinforcement learning , we study statistical linear inverse problems , i . e ., problems where the coefficients of a linear system to be solved are observed in noise . we consider penalized estimators , where performance is evaluated using a matrix - weighted two - norm of the defect of the estimator measured with respect to the true , unknown coefficients . two objective funct ←
→ ex machina : personal attacks seen at scale ; the damage personal attacks cause to online discourse motivates many platforms to try to curb the phenomenon . however , understanding the prevalence and impact of personal attacks in online platforms at scale remains surprisingly difficult . the contribution of this paper is to develop and illustrate a method that combines crowdsourcing and machine learning to analyze personal attacks at scale . we show an evaluation method for a classifier in terms of the aggregate ←
→ cassl : curriculum accelerated self - supervised learning ; recent self - supervised learning approaches focus on using a few thousand data points to learn policies for high - level , low - dimensional action spaces . however , scaling this framework for high - dimensional control require either scaling up the data collection efforts or using a clever sampling strategy for training . we present a novel approach - curriculum accelerated self - supervised learning ( cassl ) - to train policies that map visual information to hig ←
→ sparse stochastic inference for latent dirichlet allocation ; we present a hybrid algorithm for bayesian topic models that combines the efficiency of sparse gibbs sampling with the scalability of online stochastic inference . we used our algorithm to analyze a corpus of 1 . 2 million books ( 33 billion words ) with thousands of topics . our approach reduces the bias of variational inference and generalizes to many bayesian hidden - variable models .←
→ synthesizing manipulation sequences for under - specified tasks using unrolled markov random fields ; many tasks in human environments require performing a sequence of navigation and manipulation steps involving objects . in unstructured human environments , the location and configuration of the objects involved often change in unpredictable ways . this requires a high - level planning strategy that is robust and flexible in an uncertain environment . we propose a novel dynamic planning strategy , which can be tra ←
→ model - based catheter segmentation in mri - images ; accurate and reliable segmentation of catheters in mr - gui - ded interventions remains a challenge , and a step of critical importance in clinical workflows . in this work , under reasonable assumptions , me - chanical model based heuristics guide the segmentation process allows correct catheter identification rates greater than 98 % ( error 2 . 88 mm ), and reduction in outliers to one - fourth compared to the state of the art . given distal tips , searching towards the pr ←
→ on the expressiveness of line drawings ; can expressiveness of a drawing be traced with a computer ? in this study a neural network ( perceptron ) and a support vector machine are used to classify line drawings . to do this the line drawings are attributed values according to a kinematic model and a diffusion model for the lines they consist of . the values for both models are related to looking times . extreme values according to these models , that is both extremely short and extremely long looking times , are in ←
→ fast neighborhood graph search using cartesian concatenation ; in this paper , we propose a new data structure for approximate nearest neighbor search . this structure augments the neighborhood graph with a bridge graph . we propose to exploit cartesian concatenation to produce a large set of vectors , called bridge vectors , from several small sets of subvectors . each bridge vector is connected with a few reference vectors near to it , forming a bridge graph . our approach finds nearest neighbors by simultaneousl ←
→ cell segmentation in 3d confocal images using supervoxel merge - forests with cnn - based hypothesis selection ; automated segmentation approaches are crucial to quantitatively analyze large - scale 3d microscopy images . particularly in deep tissue regions , automatic methods still fail to provide error - free segmentations . to improve the segmentation quality throughout imaged samples , we present a new supervoxel - based 3d segmentation approach that outperforms current methods and reduces the manual correction eff ←
→ contrastive unsupervised word alignment with non - local features ; word alignment is an important natural language processing task that indicates the correspondence between natural languages . recently , unsupervised learning of log - linear models for word alignment has received considerable attention as it combines the merits of generative and discriminative approaches . however , a major challenge still remains : it is intractable to calculate the expectations of non - local features that are critical for capturin ←
→ deep primal - dual reinforcement learning : accelerating actor - critic using bellman duality ; we develop a parameterized primal - dual $\ pi $ learning method based on deep neural networks for markov decision process with large state space and off - policy reinforcement learning . in contrast to the popular q - learning and actor - critic methods that are based on successive approximations to the nonlinear bellman equation , our method makes primal - dual updates to the policy and value functions utilizing the fundamental ←
→ on the sample complexity of the linear quadratic regulator ; this paper addresses the optimal control problem known as the linear quadratic regulator in the case when the dynamics are unknown . we propose a multi - stage procedure , called coarse - id control , that estimates a model from a few experimental trials , estimates the error in that model with respect to the truth , and then designs a controller using both the model and uncertainty estimate . our technique uses contemporary tools from random matrix theory ←
→ adding context to knowledge and action bases ; knowledge and action bases ( kabs ) have been recently proposed as a formal framework to capture the dynamics of systems which manipulate description logic ( dl ) knowledge bases ( kbs ) through action execution . in this work , we enrich the kab setting with contextual information , making use of different context dimensions . on the one hand , context is determined by the environment using context - changing actions that make use of the current state of the kb and the cur ←
→ wide inference network for image denoising via learning pixel - distribution prior ; we explore an innovative strategy for image denoising by using convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) to learn similar pixel - distribution features from noisy images . many types of image noise follow a certain pixel - distribution in common , such as additive white gaussian noise ( awgn ). by increasing cnn ' s width with larger reception fields and more channels in each layer , cnns can reveal the ability to extract more accurate pixe ←
→ diverse neural network learns true target functions ; neural networks are a powerful class of functions that can be trained with simple gradient descent to achieve state - of - the - art performance on a variety of applications . despite their practical success , there is a paucity of results that provide theoretical guarantees on why they are so effective . lying in the center of the problem is the difficulty of analyzing the non - convex loss function with potentially numerous local minima and saddle points . can neu ←
→ segmentation of breast regions in mammogram based on density : a review ; the focus of this paper is to review approaches for segmentation of breast regions in mammograms according to breast density . studies based on density have been undertaken because of the relationship between breast cancer and density . breast cancer usually occurs in the fibroglandular area of breast tissue , which appears bright on mammograms and is described as breast density . most of the studies are focused on the classification metho ←
→ when fashion meets big data : discriminative mining of best selling clothing features ; with the prevalence of e - commence websites and the ease of online shopping , consumers are embracing huge amounts of various options in products . undeniably , shopping is one of the most essential activities in our society and studying consumer ' s shopping behavior is important for the industry as well as sociology and psychology . indisputable , one of the most popular e - commerce categories is clothing business . there arise ←
→ extracting an english - persian parallel corpus from comparable corpora ; parallel data are an important part of a reliable statistical machine translation ( smt ) system . the more of these data are available , the better the quality of the smt system . however , for some language pairs such as persian - english , parallel sources of this kind are scarce . in this paper , a bidirectional method is proposed to extract parallel sentences from english and persian document aligned wikipedia . two machine translation systems ←
→ covariance and pca for categorical variables ; covariances from categorical variables are defined using a regular simplex expression for categories . the method follows the variance definition by gini , and it gives the covariance as a solution of simultaneous equations . the calculated results give reasonable values for test data . a method of principal component analysis ( rs - pca ) is also proposed using regular simplex expressions , which allows easy interpretation of the principal components . the proposed meth ←
→ on the compressive power of deep rectifier networks for high resolution representation of class boundaries ; this paper provides a theoretical justification of the superior classification performance of deep rectifier networks over shallow rectifier networks from the geometrical perspective of piecewise linear ( pwl ) classifier boundaries . we show that , for a given threshold on the approximation error , the required number of boundary facets to approximate a general smooth boundary grows exponentially with ←
→ logo - net : large - scale deep logo detection and brand recognition with deep region - based convolutional networks ; logo detection from images has many applications , particularly for brand recognition and intellectual property protection . most existing studies for logo recognition and detection are based on small - scale datasets which are not comprehensive enough when exploring emerging deep learning techniques . in this paper , we introduce " logo - net ", a large - scale logo image database for logo detection and br ←
→ preprint arpps augmented reality pipeline prospect system ; this is the preprint version of our paper on iconip . outdoor augmented reality geographic information system ( argis ) is the hot application of augmented reality over recent years . this paper concludes the key solutions of argis , designs the mobile augmented reality pipeline prospect system ( arpps ), and respectively realizes the machine vision based pipeline prospect system ( mvbpps ) and the sensor based pipeline prospect system ( sbpps ). with the mvb ←
→ cogalex - v shared task : lexnet - integrated path - based and distributional method for the identification of semantic relations ; we present a submission to the cogalex 2016 shared task on the corpus - based identification of semantic relations , using lexnet ( shwartz and dagan , 2016 ), an integrated path - based and distributional method for semantic relation classification . the reported results in the shared task bring this submission to the third place on subtask 1 ( word relatedness ), and the first place on sub ←
→ magan : aligning biological manifolds ; it is increasingly common in many types of natural and physical systems ( especially biological systems ) to have different types of measurements performed on the same underlying system . in such settings , it is important to align the manifolds arising from each measurement in order to integrate such data and gain an improved picture of the system . we tackle this problem using generative adversarial networks ( gans ). recently , gans have been utilized to try to find corresp ←
→ an equivalence between the lasso and support vector machines ; we investigate the relation of two fundamental tools in machine learning and signal processing , that is the support vector machine ( svm ) for classification , and the lasso technique used in regression . we show that the resulting optimization problems are equivalent , in the following sense . given any instance of an $\ ell_2 $- loss soft - margin ( or hard - margin ) svm , we construct a lasso instance having the same optimal solutions , and vice versa . as ←
→ realization of ontology web search engine ; this paper describes the realization of the ontology web search engine . the ontology web search engine is realizable as independent project and as a part of other projects . the main purpose of this paper is to present the ontology web search engine realization details as the part of the semantic web expert system and to present the results of the ontology web search engine functioning . it is expected that the semantic web expert system will be able to process onto ←
→ fast variational inference in the conjugate exponential family ; we present a general method for deriving collapsed variational inference algo - rithms for probabilistic models in the conjugate exponential family . our method unifies many existing approaches to collapsed variational inference . our collapsed variational inference leads to a new lower bound on the marginal likelihood . we exploit the information geometry of the bound to derive much faster optimization methods based on conjugate gradients for the ←
→" memory foam " approach to unsupervised learning ; we propose an alternative approach to construct an artificial learning system , which naturally learns in an unsupervised manner . its mathematical prototype is a dynamical system , which automatically shapes its vector field in response to the input signal . the vector field converges to a gradient of a multi - dimensional probability density distribution of the input process , taken with negative sign . the most probable patterns are represented by the stable fixe ←
→ greedy block coordinate descent for large scale gaussian process regression ; we propose a variable decomposition algorithm - greedy block coordinate descent ( gbcd )- in order to make dense gaussian process regression practical for large scale problems . gbcd breaks a large scale optimization into a series of small sub - problems . the challenge in variable decomposition algorithms is the identification of a subproblem ( the active set of variables ) that yields the largest improvement . we analyze the limitations ←
→ approximate planning for factored pomdps using belief state simplification ; we are interested in the problem of planning for factored pomdps . building on the recent results of kearns , mansour and ng , we provide a planning algorithm for factored pomdps that exploits the accuracy - efficiency tradeoff in the belief state simplification introduced by boyen and koller .←
→ multi - task neural network for non - discrete attribute prediction in knowledge graphs ; many popular knowledge graphs such as freebase , yago or dbpedia maintain a list of non - discrete attributes for each entity . intuitively , these attributes such as height , price or population count are able to richly characterize entities in knowledge graphs . this additional source of information may help to alleviate the inherent sparsity and incompleteness problem that are prevalent in knowledge graphs . unfortunately , ma ←
→ learning manifolds with k - means and k - flats ; we study the problem of estimating a manifold from random samples . in particular , we consider piecewise constant and piecewise linear estimators induced by k - means and k - flats , and analyze their performance . we extend previous results for k - means in two separate directions . first , we provide new results for k - means reconstruction on manifolds and , secondly , we prove reconstruction bounds for higher - order approximation ( k - flats ), for which no known results were p ←
→ les entités spatiales dans la langue : étude descriptive , formelle et expérimentale de la catégorisation ; while previous linguistic and psycholinguistic research on space has mainly analyzed spatial relations , the studies reported in this paper focus on how language distinguishes among spatial entities . descriptive and experimental studies first propose a classification of entities , which accounts for both static and dynamic space , has some cross - linguistic validity , and underlies adults ' cognitive proce ←
→ computing functional and relational box consistency by structured propagation in atomic constraint systems ; box consistency has been observed to yield exponentially better performance than chaotic constraint propagation in the interval constraint system obtained by decomposing the original expression into primitive constraints . the claim was made that the improvement is due to avoiding decomposition . in this paper we argue that the improvement is due to replacing chaotic iteration by a more structured al ←
→ bayesian nonparametrics for sparse dynamic networks ; we propose a bayesian nonparametric prior for time - varying networks . to each node of the network is associated a positive parameter , modeling the sociability of that node . sociabilities are assumed to evolve over time , and are modeled via a dynamic point process model . the model is able to ( a ) capture smooth evolution of the interaction between nodes , allowing edges to appear / disappear over time ( b ) capture long term evolution of the sociabilities of the ←
→ evolution of convolutional highway networks ; convolutional highways are deep networks based on multiple stacked convolutional layers for feature preprocessing . we introduce an evolutionary algorithm ( ea ) for optimization of the structure and hyperparameters of convolutional highways and demonstrate the potential of this optimization setting on the well - known mnist data set . the ( 1 + 1 )- ea employs rechenberg ' s mutation rate control and a niching mechanism to overcome local optima adapts the optimization appro ←
→ video processing for barycenter trajectory identification in diving ; the aim of this paper is to show a procedure for identify the barycentre of a diver by means of video processing . this procedure is aimed to introduce quantitative analysis tools and diving performance measurement and therefore in diving training . sport performance analysis is a trend that is growing exponentially for all level athletes : it has been applied extensively in some sports such as cycling . sport performance analysis has been ap ←
→ refactor : practical low - rank matrix estimation under column - sparsity ; various problems in data analysis and statistical genetics call for recovery of a column - sparse , low - rank matrix from noisy observations . we propose refactor , a simple variation of the classical truncated singular value decomposition ( tsvd ) algorithm . in contrast to previous sparse principal component analysis ( pca ) algorithms , our algorithm can provably reveal a low - rank signal matrix better , and often significantly better , than the wid ←
→ ordered pooling of optical flow sequences for action recognition ; training of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) on long video sequences is computationally expensive due to the substantial memory requirements and the massive number of parameters that deep architectures demand . early fusion of video frames is thus a standard technique , in which several consecutive frames are first agglomerated into a compact representation , and then fed into the cnn as an input sample . for this purpose , a summarization ap ←
→ discrete independent component analysis ( dica ) with belief propagation ; we apply belief propagation to a bayesian bipartite graph composed of discrete independent hidden variables and discrete visible variables . the network is the discrete counterpart of independent component analysis ( dica ) and it is manipulated in a factor graph form for inference and learning . a full set of simulations is reported for character images from the mnist dataset . the results show that the factorial code implemented by the so ←
→ application of gist svm in cancer detection ; in this paper , we study the application of gist svm in disease prediction ( detection of cancer ). pattern classification problems can be effectively solved by support vector machines . here we propose a classifier which can differentiate patients having benign and malignant cancer cells . to improve the accuracy of classification , we propose to determine the optimal size of the training set and perform feature selection . to find the optimal size of the training set ←
→ reading ancient coin legends : object recognition vs . ocr ; standard ocr is a well - researched topic of computer vision and can be considered solved for machine - printed text . however , when applied to unconstrained images , the recognition rates drop drastically . therefore , the employment of object recognition - based techniques has become state of the art in scene text recognition applications . this paper presents a scene text recognition method tailored to ancient coin legends and compares the results achieved ←
→ deep blind compressed sensing ; this work addresses the problem of extracting deeply learned features directly from compressive measurements . there has been no work in this area . existing deep learning tools only give good results when applied on the full signal , that too usually after preprocessing . these techniques require the signal to be reconstructed first . in this work we show that by learning directly from the compressed domain , considerably better results can be obtained . this work extends the recen ←
→ fast - slow recurrent neural networks ; processing sequential data of variable length is a major challenge in a wide range of applications , such as speech recognition , language modeling , generative image modeling and machine translation . here , we address this challenge by proposing a novel recurrent neural network ( rnn ) architecture , the fast - slow rnn ( fs - rnn ). the fs - rnn incorporates the strengths of both multiscale rnns and deep transition rnns as it processes sequential data on different timescales and lea ←
→ deep learning : technical introduction ; this note presents in a technical though hopefully pedagogical way the three most common forms of neural network architectures : feedforward , convolutional and recurrent . for each network , their fundamental building blocks are detailed . the forward pass and the update rules for the backpropagation algorithm are then derived in full .←
→ defining and generating axial lines from street center lines for better understanding of urban morphologies ; axial lines are defined as the longest visibility lines for representing individual linear spaces in urban environments . the least number of axial lines that cover the free space of an urban environment or the space between buildings constitute what is often called an axial map . this is a fundamental tool in space syntax , a theory developed by bill hillier and his colleagues for characterizing the ←
→ caosdb - research data management for complex , changing , and automated research workflows ; here we present caosdb , a research data management system ( rdms ) designed to ensure seamless integration of inhomogeneous data sources and repositories of legacy data . its primary purpose is the management of data from biomedical sciences , both from simulations and experiments during the complete research data lifecycle . an rdms for this domain faces particular challenges : research data arise in huge amounts , from ←
→ abcnn : attention - based convolutional neural network for modeling sentence pairs ; how to model a pair of sentences is a critical issue in many nlp tasks such as answer selection ( as ), paraphrase identification ( pi ) and textual entailment ( te ). most prior work ( i ) deals with one individual task by fine - tuning a specific system ; ( ii ) models each sentence ' s representation separately , rarely considering the impact of the other sentence ; or ( iii ) relies fully on manually designed , task - specific linguistic feat ←
→ watch your step : learning graph embeddings through attention ; graph embedding methods represent nodes in a continuous vector space , preserving information from the graph ( e . g . by sampling random walks ). there are many hyper - parameters to these methods ( such as random walk length ) which have to be manually tuned for every graph . in this paper , we replace random walk hyper - parameters with trainable parameters that we automatically learn via backpropagation . in particular , we learn a novel attention model on ←
→ facies classification from well logs using an inception convolutional network ; the idea to use automated algorithms to determine geological facies from well logs is not new ( see e . g busch et al . ( 1987 ); rabaute ( 1998 )) but the recent and dramatic increase in research in the field of machine learning makes it a good time to revisit the topic . following an exercise proposed by dubois et al . ( 2007 ) and hall ( 2016 ) we employ a modern type of deep convolutional network , called \ textit { inception network } ( szeg ←
→ joint text embedding for personalized content - based recommendation ; learning a good representation of text is key to many recommendation applications . examples include news recommendation where texts to be recommended are constantly published everyday . however , most existing recommendation techniques , such as matrix factorization based methods , mainly rely on interaction histories to learn representations of items . while latent factors of items can be learned effectively from user interaction data , in many ←
→ sequential testing over multiple stages and performance analysis of data fusion ; we describe a methodology for modeling the performance of decision - level data fusion between different sensor configurations , implemented as part of the jieddo analytic decision engine ( jade ). we first discuss a bayesian network formulation of classical probabilistic data fusion , which allows elementary fusion structures to be stacked and analyzed efficiently . we then present an extension of the wald sequential test for comb ←
→ convergence of nearest neighbor pattern classification with selective sampling ; in the panoply of pattern classification techniques , few enjoy the intuitive appeal and simplicity of the nearest neighbor rule : given a set of samples in some metric domain space whose value under some function is known , we estimate the function anywhere in the domain by giving the value of the nearest sample per the metric . more generally , one may use the modal value of the m nearest samples , where m is a fixed positive int ←
→ tracking point of view in narrative ; third - person fictional narrative text is composed not only of passages that objectively narrate events , but also of passages that present characters ' thoughts , perceptions , and inner states . such passages take a character ' s `` psychological point of view ''. a language understander must determine the current psychological point of view in order to distinguish the beliefs of the characters from the facts of the story , to correctly attribute beliefs and other attitudes to t ←
→ combination strategies for semantic role labeling ; this paper introduces and analyzes a battery of inference models for the problem of semantic role labeling : one based on constraint satisfaction , and several strategies that model the inference as a meta - learning problem using discriminative classifiers . these classifiers are developed with a rich set of novel features that encode proposition and sentence - level information . to our knowledge , this is the first work that : ( a ) performs a thorough analysis of ←
→ revisiting rcnn : on awakening the classification power of faster rcnn ; recent region - based object detectors are usually built with separate classification and localization branches on top of shared feature extraction networks . in this paper , we analyze failure cases of state - of - the - art detectors and observe that most hard false positives result from classification instead of localization . we conjecture that : ( 1 ) shared feature representation is not optimal due to the mismatched goals of feature learning fo ←
→ distributional measures as proxies for semantic relatedness ; the automatic ranking of word pairs as per their semantic relatedness and ability to mimic human notions of semantic relatedness has widespread applications . measures that rely on raw data ( distributional measures ) and those that use knowledge - rich ontologies both exist . although extensive studies have been performed to compare ontological measures with human judgment , the distributional measures have primarily been evaluated by indirect means . t ←
→ unsupervised learning of clutter - resistant visual representations from natural videos ; populations of neurons in inferotemporal cortex ( it ) maintain an explicit code for object identity that also tolerates transformations of object appearance e . g ., position , scale , viewing angle [ 1 , 2 , 3 ]. though the learning rules are not known , recent results [ 4 , 5 , 6 ] suggest the operation of an unsupervised temporal - association - based method e . g ., foldiak ' s trace rule [ 7 ]. such methods exploit the temporal continuity ←
→ learning recurrent span representations for extractive question answering ; the reading comprehension task , that asks questions about a given evidence document , is a central problem in natural language understanding . recent formulations of this task have typically focused on answer selection from a set of candidates pre - defined manually or through the use of an external nlp pipeline . however , rajpurkar et al . ( 2016 ) recently released the squad dataset in which the answers can be arbitrary strings from the ←
→ resampling methods for parameter - free and robust feature selection with mutual information ; combining the mutual information criterion with a forward feature selection strategy offers a good trade - off between optimality of the selected feature subset and computation time . however , it requires to set the parameter ( s ) of the mutual information estimator and to determine when to halt the forward procedure . these two choices are difficult to make because , as the dimensionality of the subset increases , the es ←
→ language - based examples in the statistics classroom ; statistics pedagogy values using a variety of examples . thanks to text resources on the web , and since statistical packages have the ability to analyze string data , it is now easy to use language - based examples in a statistics class . three such examples are discussed here . first , many types of wordplay ( e . g ., crosswords and hangman ) involve finding words with letters that satisfy a certain pattern . second , linguistics has shown that idiomatic pairs of wo ←
→ a simple analysis for exp - concave empirical minimization with arbitrary convex regularizer ; in this paper , we present a simple analysis of {\ bf fast rates } with {\ it high probability } of {\ bf empirical minimization } for {\ it stochastic composite optimization } over a finite - dimensional bounded convex set with exponential concave loss functions and an arbitrary convex regularization . to the best of our knowledge , this result is the first of its kind . as a byproduct , we can directly obtain the fast rate wit ←
→ on the behavior of convolutional nets for feature extraction ; deep neural networks are representation learning techniques . during training , a deep net is capable of generating a descriptive language of unprecedented size and detail in machine learning . extracting the descriptive language coded within a trained cnn model ( in the case of image data ), and reusing it for other purposes is a field of interest , as it provides access to the visual descriptors previously learnt by the cnn after processing millions ←
→ deep cnn ensemble with data augmentation for object detection ; we report on the methods used in our recent deepensemblecoco submission to the pascal voc 2012 challenge , which achieves state - of - the - art performance on the object detection task . our method is a variant of the r - cnn model proposed girshick : cvpr14 with two key improvements to training and evaluation . first , our method constructs an ensemble of deep cnn models with different architectures that are complementary to each other . second , we augment ←
→ the os * algorithm : a joint approach to exact optimization and sampling ; most current sampling algorithms for high - dimensional distributions are based on mcmc techniques and are approximate in the sense that they are valid only asymptotically . rejection sampling , on the other hand , produces valid samples , but is unrealistically slow in high - dimension spaces . the os * algorithm that we propose is a unified approach to exact optimization and sampling , based on incremental refinements of a functional upper boun ←
→ facial expression recognition using convolutional neural networks : state of the art ; the ability to recognize facial expressions automatically enables novel applications in human - computer interaction and other areas . consequently , there has been active research in this field , with several recent works utilizing convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for feature extraction and inference . these works differ significantly in terms of cnn architectures and other factors . based on the reported results alone , th ←
→ a morphological analyzer for japanese nouns , verbs and adjectives ; we present an open source morphological analyzer for japanese nouns , verbs and adjectives . the system builds upon the morphological analyzing capabilities of mecab to incorporate finer details of classification such as politeness , tense , mood and voice attributes . we implemented our analyzer in the form of a finite state transducer using the open source finite state compiler foma toolkit . the source code and tool is available at https :// bit ←
→ simulation and calibration of a fully bayesian marked multidimensional hawkes process with dissimilar decays ; we propose a simulation method for multidimensional hawkes processes based on superposition theory of point processes . this formulation allows us to design efficient simulations for hawkes processes with differing exponentially decaying intensities . we demonstrate that inter - arrival times can be decomposed into simpler auxiliary variables that can be sampled directly , giving exact simulation with ←
→ compact multi - class boosted trees ; gradient boosted decision trees are a popular machine learning technique , in part because of their ability to give good accuracy with small models . we describe two extensions to the standard tree boosting algorithm designed to increase this advantage . the first improvement extends the boosting formalism from scalar - valued trees to vector - valued trees . this allows individual trees to be used as multiclass classifiers , rather than requiring one tree per class , and drastical ←
→ comparison of global algorithms in word sense disambiguation ; this article compares four probabilistic algorithms ( global algorithms ) for word sense disambiguation ( wsd ) in terms of the number of scorer calls ( local algo - rithm ) and the f1 score as determined by a gold - standard scorer . two algorithms come from the state of the art , a simulated annealing algorithm ( saa ) and a genetic algorithm ( ga ) as well as two algorithms that we first adapt from wsd that are state of the art probabilistic search algorith ←
→ online tensor methods for learning latent variable models ; we introduce an online tensor decomposition based approach for two latent variable modeling problems namely , ( 1 ) community detection , in which we learn the latent communities that the social actors in social networks belong to , and ( 2 ) topic modeling , in which we infer hidden topics of text articles . we consider decomposition of moment tensors using stochastic gradient descent . we conduct optimization of multilinear operations in sgd and avoid dire ←
→ domain - specific face synthesis for video face recognition from a single sample per person ; the performance of still - to - video face recognition ( fr ) systems can decline significantly because faces captured in the unconstrained operational domain ( od ) have a different underlying data distribution compared to faces captured under controlled conditions in the enrollment domain ( ed ). this is particularly true when individuals are enrolled to the system using a single reference still . to improve the robustness ←
→ generalized sequential tree - reweighted message passing ; this paper addresses the problem of approximate map - mrf inference in general graphical models . following [ 36 ], we consider a family of linear programming relaxations of the problem where each relaxation is specified by a set of nested pairs of factors for which the marginalization constraint needs to be enforced . we develop a generalization of the trw - s algorithm [ 9 ] for this problem , where we use a decomposition into junction chains , monotonic w . r . t .←
→ textual analysis for studying chinese historical documents and literary novels ; we analyzed historical and literary documents in chinese to gain insights into research issues , and overview our studies which utilized four different sources of text materials in this paper . we investigated the history of concepts and transliterated words in china with the database for the study of modern china thought and literature , which contains historical documents about china between 1830 and 1930 . we also attempted to ←
→ redundancy , deduction schemes , and minimum - size bases for association rules ; association rules are among the most widely employed data analysis methods in the field of data mining . an association rule is a form of partial implication between two sets of binary variables . in the most common approach , association rules are parameterized by a lower bound on their confidence , which is the empirical conditional probability of their consequent given the antecedent , and / or by some other parameter bounds such as ←
→ speech synthesis with neural networks ; text - to - speech conversion has traditionally been performed either by concatenating short samples of speech or by using rule - based systems to convert a phonetic representation of speech into an acoustic representation , which is then converted into speech . this paper describes a system that uses a time - delay neural network ( tdnn ) to perform this phonetic - to - acoustic mapping , with another neural network to control the timing of the generated speech . the neural network sy ←
→ simultaneous estimation of non - gaussian components and their correlation structure ; the statistical dependencies which independent component analysis ( ica ) cannot remove often provide rich information beyond the linear independent components . it would thus be very useful to estimate the dependency structure from data . while such models have been proposed , they usually concentrated on higher - order correlations such as energy ( square ) correlations . yet , linear correlations are a most fundamental and inform ←
→ hybrid dialog state tracker ; this paper presents a hybrid dialog state tracker that combines a rule based and a machine learning based approach to belief state tracking . therefore , we call it a hybrid tracker . the machine learning in our tracker is realized by a long short term memory ( lstm ) network . to our knowledge , our hybrid tracker sets a new state - of - the - art result for the dialog state tracking challenge ( dstc ) 2 dataset when the system uses only live slu as its input .←
→ machine learning for bioclimatic modelling ; many machine learning ( ml ) approaches are widely used to generate bioclimatic models for prediction of geographic range of organism as a function of climate . applications such as prediction of range shift in organism , range of invasive species influenced by climate change are important parameters in understanding the impact of climate change . however , success of machine learning - based approaches depends on a number of factors . while it can be safely said that no ←
→ a computer vision pipeline for automated determination of cardiac structure and function and detection of disease by two - dimensional echocardiography ; automated cardiac image interpretation has the potential to transform clinical practice in multiple ways including enabling low - cost serial assessment of cardiac function in the primary care and rural setting . we hypothesized that advances in computer vision could enable building a fully automated , scalable analysis pipeline for echocardiogram ( echo ) int ←
→ the secrets of salient object segmentation ; in this paper we provide an extensive evaluation of fixation prediction and salient object segmentation algorithms as well as statistics of major datasets . our analysis identifies serious design flaws of existing salient object benchmarks , called the dataset design bias , by over emphasizing the stereotypical concepts of saliency . the dataset design bias does not only create the discomforting disconnection between fixations and salient object segmentation , but als ←
→ asf + --- eine asf - aehnliche spezifikationssprache ; maintaining the main aspects of the algebraic specification language asf as presented in [ bergstra & al . 89 ] we have extend asf with the following concepts : while once exported names in asf must stay visible up to the top the module hierarchy , asf + permits a more sophisticated hiding of signature names . the erroneous merging of distinct structures that occurs when importing different actualizations of the same parameterized module in asf is avoided in asf + by ←
→ an adaptive simulated annealing - based satellite observation scheduling method combined with a dynamic task clustering strategy ; efficient scheduling is of great significance to rationally make use of scarce satellite resources . task clustering has been demonstrated to realize an effective strategy to improve the efficiency of satellite scheduling . however , the previous task clustering strategy is static . that is , it is integrated into the scheduling in a two - phase manner rather than in a dynamic fashion ,←
→ random coordinate descent methods for minimizing decomposable submodular functions ; submodular function minimization is a fundamental optimization problem that arises in several applications in machine learning and computer vision . the problem is known to be solvable in polynomial time , but general purpose algorithms have high running times and are unsuitable for large - scale problems . recent work have used convex optimization techniques to obtain very practical algorithms for minimizing functions that ar ←
→ sanskrit sandhi splitting using $\ pmb { seq2 ( seq )^ 2 }$ ; in sanskrit , small words ( morphemes ) are combined through a morphophonological process called sandhi to form compound words . sandhi splitting is the process of splitting a given compound word into its constituent morphemes . although rules governing the splitting of words exist , it is highly challenging to identify the location of the splits in a compound word , as the same compound word might be broken down in multiple ways to provide syntactically correc ←
→ fooling ocr systems with adversarial text images ; we demonstrate that state - of - the - art optical character recognition ( ocr ) based on deep learning is vulnerable to adversarial images . minor modifications to images of printed text , which do not change the meaning of the text to a human reader , cause the ocr system to " recognize " a different text where certain words chosen by the adversary are replaced by their semantic opposites . this completely changes the meaning of the output produced by the ocr system an ←
→ demolishing searle ' s chinese room ; searle ' s chinese room argument is refuted by showing that he has actually given two different versions of the room , which fail for different reasons . hence , searle does not achieve his stated goal of showing `` that a system could have input and output capabilities that duplicated those of a native chinese speaker and still not understand chinese ''.←
→ learning intelligent dialogs for bounding box annotation ; we introduce intelligent annotation dialogs for bounding box annotation . we train an agent to automatically choose a sequence of actions for a human annotator to produce a bounding box in a minimal amount of time . specifically , we consider two actions : box verification [ 37 ], where the annotator verifies a box generated by an object detector , and manual box drawing . we explore two kinds of agents , one based on predicting the probability that a box wi ←
→ learning with scope , with application to information extraction and classification ; in probabilistic approaches to classification and information extraction , one typically builds a statistical model of words under the assumption that future data will exhibit the same regularities as the training data . in many data sets , however , there are scope - limited features whose predictive power is only applicable to a certain subset of the data . for example , in information extraction from web pages , word formatting ←
→ bioinformatics and classical literary study ; this paper describes the quantitative criticism lab , a collaborative initiative between classicists , quantitative biologists , and computer scientists to apply ideas and methods drawn from the sciences to the study of literature . a core goal of the project is the use of computational biology , natural language processing , and machine learning techniques to investigate authorial style , intertextuality , and related phenomena of literary significance . as a case study ←
→ content based image retrieval system using feature classification with modified knn algorithm ; feature means countenance , remote sensing scene objects with similar characteristics , associated to interesting scene elements in the image formation process . they are classified into three types in image processing , that is low , middle and high . low level features are color , texture and middle level feature is shape and high level feature is semantic gap of objects . an image retrieval system is a computer syst ←
→ state compression of markov processes via empirical low - rank estimation ; model reduction is a central problem in analyzing complex systems and high - dimensional data . we study the state compression of finite - state markov process from its empirical trajectories . we adopt a low - rank model which is motivated by the state aggregation of controlled systems . a spectral method is proposed for estimating the frequency and transition matrices , estimating the compressed state spaces , and recovering the state aggregat ←
→ reinforcement learning for semantic segmentation in indoor scenes ; future advancements in robot autonomy and sophistication of robotics tasks rest on robust , efficient , and task - dependent semantic understanding of the environment . semantic segmentation is the problem of simultaneous segmentation and categorization of a partition of sensory data . the majority of current approaches tackle this using multi - class segmentation and labeling in a conditional random field ( crf ) framework or by generating multiple ←
→ automatic derivation of domain terms and concept location based on the analysis of the identifiers ; developers express the meaning of the domain ideas in specifically selected identifiers and comments that form the target implemented code . software maintenance requires knowledge and understanding of the encoded ideas . this paper presents a way how to create automatically domain vocabulary . knowledge of domain vocabulary supports the comprehension of a specific domain for later code maintenance or evoluti ←
→ robust bayesian reinforcement learning through tight lower bounds ; in the bayesian approach to sequential decision making , exact calculation of the ( subjective ) utility is intractable . this extends to most special cases of interest , such as reinforcement learning problems . while utility bounds are known to exist for this problem , so far none of them were particularly tight . in this paper , we show how to efficiently calculate a lower bound , which corresponds to the utility of a near - optimal memoryless polic ←
→ the matrix ridge approximation : algorithms and applications ; we are concerned with an approximation problem for a symmetric positive semidefinite matrix due to motivation from a class of nonlinear machine learning methods . we discuss an approximation approach that we call { matrix ridge approximation }. in particular , we define the matrix ridge approximation as an incomplete matrix factorization plus a ridge term . moreover , we present probabilistic interpretations using a normal latent variable model and a w ←
→ gang of gans : generative adversarial networks with maximum margin ranking ; traditional generative adversarial networks ( gan ) and many of its variants are trained by minimizing the kl or js - divergence loss that measures how close the generated data distribution is from the true data distribution . a recent advance called the wgan based on wasserstein distance can improve on the kl and js - divergence based gans , and alleviate the gradient vanishing , instability , and mode collapse issues that are common in th ←
→ extraction of handwritten areas from colored image of bank checks by an hybrid method ; one of the first step in the realization of an automatic system of check recognition is the extraction of the handwritten area . we propose in this paper an hybrid method to extract these areas . this method is based on digit recognition by fourier descriptors and different steps of colored image processing . it requires the bank recognition of its code which is located in the check marking band as well as the handwritte ←
→ dilated residual networks ; convolutional networks for image classification progressively reduce resolution until the image is represented by tiny feature maps in which the spatial structure of the scene is no longer discernible . such loss of spatial acuity can limit image classification accuracy and complicate the transfer of the model to downstream applications that require detailed scene understanding . these problems can be alleviated by dilation , which increases the resolution of output feature maps wit ←
→ block - wise map inference for determinantal point processes with application to change - point detection ; existing map inference algorithms for determinantal point processes ( dpps ) need to calculate determinants or conduct eigenvalue decomposition generally at the scale of the full kernel , which presents a great challenge for real - world applications . in this paper , we introduce a class of dpps , called bwdpps , that are characterized by an almost block diagonal kernel matrix and thus can allow efficient block ←
→ stochastic annealing for variational inference ; we empirically evaluate a stochastic annealing strategy for bayesian posterior optimization with variational inference . variational inference is a deterministic approach to approximate posterior inference in bayesian models in which a typically non - convex objective function is locally optimized over the parameters of the approximating distribution . we investigate an annealing method for optimizing this objective with the aim of finding a better local optimal ←
→ audio adversarial examples : targeted attacks on speech - to - text ; we construct targeted audio adversarial examples on automatic speech recognition . given any audio waveform , we can produce another that is over 99 . 9 % similar , but transcribes as any phrase we choose ( at a rate of up to 50 characters per second ). we apply our iterative optimization - based attack to mozilla ' s implementation deepspeech end - to - end , and show it has a 100 % success rate . the feasibility of this attack introduce a new domain to study a ←
→ data - dependent path normalization in neural networks ; we propose a unified framework for neural net normalization , regularization and optimization , which includes path - sgd and batch - normalization and interpolates between them across two different dimensions . through this framework we investigate issue of invariance of the optimization , data dependence and the connection with natural gradients .←
→ filtering for more accurate dense tissue segmentation in digitized mammograms ; breast tissue segmentation into dense and fat tissue is important for determining the breast density in mammograms . knowing the breast density is important both in diagnostic and computer - aided detection applications . there are many different ways to express the density of a breast and good quality segmentation should provide the possibility to perform accurate classification no matter which classification rule is being used . ←
→ a logic programming framework for possibilistic argumentation with vague knowledge ; defeasible argumentation frameworks have evolved to become a sound setting to formalize commonsense , qualitative reasoning from incomplete and potentially inconsistent knowledge . defeasible logic programming ( delp ) is a defeasible argumentation formalism based on an extension of logic programming . although delp has been successfully integrated in a number of different real - world applications , delp cannot deal with explici ←
→ deep learning with convolutional neural networks for decoding and visualization of eeg pathology ; we apply convolutional neural networks ( convnets ) to the task of distinguishing pathological from normal eeg recordings in the temple university hospital eeg abnormal corpus . we use two basic , shallow and deep convnet architectures recently shown to decode task - related information from eeg at least as well as established algorithms designed for this purpose . in decoding eeg pathology , both convnets reached s ←
→ not just a black box : learning important features through propagating activation differences ; note : this paper describes an older version of deeplift . see https :// arxiv . org / abs / 1704 . 02685 for the newer version . original abstract follows : the purported " black box " nature of neural networks is a barrier to adoption in applications where interpretability is essential . here we present deeplift ( learning important features ), an efficient and effective method for computing importance scores in a neural network ←
→ aorta segmentation for stent simulation ; simulation of arterial stenting procedures prior to intervention allows for appropriate device selection as well as highlights potential complications . to this end , we present a framework for facilitating virtual aortic stenting from a contrast computer tomography ( ct ) scan . more specifically , we present a method for both lumen and outer wall segmentation that may be employed in determining both the appropriateness of intervention as well as the selection and locali ←
→ distance - to - mean continuous conditional random fields to enhance prediction problem in traffic flow data ; the increase of vehicle in highways may cause traffic congestion as well as in the normal roadways . predicting the traffic flow in highways especially , is demanded to solve this congestion problem . predictions on time - series multivariate data , such as in the traffic flow dataset , have been largely accomplished through various approaches . the approach with conventional prediction algorithms , such as w ←
→ pedagogical learning ; a common assumption in machine learning is that training data are i . i . d . samples from some distribution . processes that generate i . i . d . samples are , in a sense , uninformative --- they produce data without regard to how good this data is for learning . by contrast , cognitive science research has shown that when people generate training data for others ( i . e ., teaching ), they deliberately select examples that are helpful for learning . because the data is more informative , learning can requi ←
→ an information criterion for inferring coupling in distributed dynamical systems ; the behaviour of many real - world phenomena can be modelled by nonlinear dynamical systems whereby a latent system state is observed through a filter . we are interested in interacting subsystems of this form , which we model by a set of coupled maps as a synchronous update graph dynamical systems . specifically , we study the structure learning problem for spatially distributed dynamical systems coupled via a directed acyclic g ←
→ bidirectional beam search : forward - backward inference in neural sequence models for fill - in - the - blank image captioning ; we develop the first approximate inference algorithm for 1 - best ( and m - best ) decoding in bidirectional neural sequence models by extending beam search ( bs ) to reason about both forward and backward time dependencies . beam search ( bs ) is a widely used approximate inference algorithm for decoding sequences from unidirectional neural sequence models . interestingly , approximate inference in ←
→ lexical access for speech understanding using minimum message length encoding ; the lexical access problem consists of determining the intended sequence of words corresponding to an input sequence of phonemes ( basic speech sounds ) that come from a low - level phoneme recognizer . in this paper we present an information - theoretic approach based on the minimum message length criterion for solving the lexical access problem . we model sentences using phoneme realizations seen in training , and word and part - of - sp ←
→ new algorithms for learning incoherent and overcomplete dictionaries ; in sparse recovery we are given a matrix $ a $ ( the dictionary ) and a vector of the form $ a x $ where $ x $ is sparse , and the goal is to recover $ x $. this is a central notion in signal processing , statistics and machine learning . but in applications such as sparse coding , edge detection , compression and super resolution , the dictionary $ a $ is unknown and has to be learned from random examples of the form $ y = ax $ where $ x $ is drawn from an a ←
→ shape registration with directional data ; we propose several cost functions for registration of shapes encoded with euclidean and / or non - euclidean information ( unit vectors ). our framework is assessed for estimation of both rigid and non - rigid transformations between the target and model shapes corresponding to 2d contours and 3d surfaces . the experimental results obtained confirm that using the combination of a point ' s position and unit normal vector in a cost function can enhance the registration results ←
→ improvement of isom by using filter ; image compression helps in storing the transmitted data in proficient way by decreasing its redundancy . this technique helps in transferring more digital or multimedia data over internet as it increases the storage space . it is important to maintain the image quality even if it is compressed to certain extent . depend upon this the image compression is classified into two categories : lossy and lossless image compression . there are many lossy digital image compression te ←
→ efficient distributed sgd with variance reduction ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) has become one of the most popular optimization methods for training machine learning models on massive datasets . however , sgd suffers from two main drawbacks : ( i ) the noisy gradient updates have high variance , which slows down convergence as the iterates approach the optimum , and ( ii ) sgd scales poorly in distributed settings , typically experiencing rapidly decreasing marginal benefits as the number of workers increases . ←
→ on breast cancer detection : an application of machine learning algorithms on the wisconsin diagnostic dataset ; this paper presents a comparison of six machine learning ( ml ) algorithms : gru - svm ( agarap , 2017 ), linear regression , multilayer perceptron ( mlp ), nearest neighbor ( nn ) search , softmax regression , and support vector machine ( svm ) on the wisconsin diagnostic breast cancer ( wdbc ) dataset ( wolberg , street , & mangasarian , 1992 ) by measuring their classification test accuracy and their sensitivity and ←
→ information theoretic learning with infinitely divisible kernels ; in this paper , we develop a framework for information theoretic learning based on infinitely divisible matrices . we formulate an entropy - like functional on positive definite matrices based on renyi ' s axiomatic definition of entropy and examine some key properties of this functional that lead to the concept of infinite divisibility . the proposed formulation avoids the plug in estimation of density and brings along the representation power of ←
→ highly comparative time - series analysis : the empirical structure of time series and their methods ; the process of collecting and organizing sets of observations represents a common theme throughout the history of science . however , despite the ubiquity of scientists measuring , recording , and analyzing the dynamics of different processes , an extensive organization of scientific time - series data and analysis methods has never been performed . addressing this , annotated collections of over 35 000 real - world a ←
→ perceptual reward functions ; reinforcement learning problems are often described through rewards that indicate if an agent has completed some task . this specification can yield desirable behavior , however many problems are difficult to specify in this manner , as one often needs to know the proper configuration for the agent . when humans are learning to solve tasks , we often learn from visual instructions composed of images or videos . such representations motivate our development of perceptual reward functi ←
→ optimal ordered problem solver ; we present a novel , general , optimally fast , incremental way of searching for a universal algorithm that solves each task in a sequence of tasks . the optimal ordered problem solver ( oops ) continually organizes and exploits previously found solutions to earlier tasks , efficiently searching not only the space of domain - specific algorithms , but also the space of search algorithms . essentially we extend the principles of optimal nonincremental universal search to build an increm ←
→ spectral smoothing via random matrix perturbations ; we consider stochastic smoothing of spectral functions of matrices using perturbations commonly studied in random matrix theory . we show that a spectral function remains spectral when smoothed using a unitarily invariant perturbation distribution . we then derive state - of - the - art smoothing bounds for the maximum eigenvalue function using the gaussian orthogonal ensemble ( goe ). smoothing the maximum eigenvalue function is important for applications in semid ←
→ oracle based active set algorithm for scalable elastic net subspace clustering ; state - of - the - art subspace clustering methods are based on expressing each data point as a linear combination of other data points while regularizing the matrix of coefficients with $\ ell_1 $, $\ ell_2 $ or nuclear norms . $\ ell_1 $ regularization is guaranteed to give a subspace - preserving affinity ( i . e ., there are no connections between points from different subspaces ) under broad theoretical conditions , but the clusters may not ←
→ neural networks and rational functions ; neural networks and rational functions efficiently approximate each other . in more detail , it is shown here that for any relu network , there exists a rational function of degree $ o (\ text { polylog }( 1 /\ epsilon ))$ which is $\ epsilon $- close , and similarly for any rational function there exists a relu network of size $ o (\ text { polylog }( 1 /\ epsilon ))$ which is $\ epsilon $- close . by contrast , polynomials need degree $\ omega (\ text { poly }( 1 /\ epsilon ))$ to approximate even a single ←
→ sim2real view invariant visual servoing by recurrent control ; humans are remarkably proficient at controlling their limbs and tools from a wide range of viewpoints and angles , even in the presence of optical distortions . in robotics , this ability is referred to as visual servoing : moving a tool or end - point to a desired location using primarily visual feedback . in this paper , we study how viewpoint - invariant visual servoing skills can be learned automatically in a robotic manipulation scenario . to this end ←
→ estimating latent feature - feature interactions in large feature - rich graphs ; real - world complex networks describe connections between objects ; in reality , those objects are often endowed with some kind of features . how does the presence or absence of such features interplay with the network link structure ? although the situation here described is truly ubiquitous , there is a limited body of research dealing with large graphs of this kind . many previous works considered homophily as the only possible tran ←
→ european union regulations on algorithmic decision - making and a " right to explanation " ; we summarize the potential impact that the european union ' s new general data protection regulation will have on the routine use of machine learning algorithms . slated to take effect as law across the eu in 2018 , it will restrict automated individual decision - making ( that is , algorithms that make decisions based on user - level predictors ) which " significantly affect " users . the law will also effectively create a " right ←
→ a fast nonconvex compressed sensing algorithm for highly low - sampled mr images reconstruction ; in this paper we present a fast and efficient method for the reconstruction of magnetic resonance images ( mri ) from severely under - sampled data . from the compressed sensing theory we have mathematically modeled the problem as a constrained minimization problem with a family of non - convex regularizing objective functions depending on a parameter and a least squares data fit constraint . we propose a fast and effi ←
→ mce reasoning in recursive causal networks ; a probabilistic method of reasoning under uncertainty is proposed based on the principle of minimum cross entropy ( mce ) and concept of recursive causal model ( rcm ). the dependency and correlations among the variables are described in a special language bndl ( belief networks description language ). beliefs are propagated among the clauses of the bndl programs representing the underlying probabilistic distributions . bndl interpreters in both prolog and c has been de ←
→ compressed sensing for energy - efficient wireless telemonitoring of noninvasive fetal ecg via block sparse bayesian learning ; fetal ecg ( fecg ) telemonitoring is an important branch in telemedicine . the design of a telemonitoring system via a wireless body - area network with low energy consumption for ambulatory use is highly desirable . as an emerging technique , compressed sensing ( cs ) shows great promise in compressing / reconstructing data with low energy consumption . however , due to some specific character ←
→ gaussian process decentralized data fusion meets transfer learning in large - scale distributed cooperative perception ; this paper presents novel gaussian process decentralized data fusion algorithms exploiting the notion of agent - centric support sets for distributed cooperative perception of large - scale environmental phenomena . to overcome the limitations of scale in existing works , our proposed algorithms allow every mobile sensing agent to choose a different support set and dynamically switch to another ←
→ end - to - end unsupervised deformable image registration with a convolutional neural network ; in this work we propose a deep learning network for deformable image registration ( dirnet ). the dirnet consists of a convolutional neural network ( convnet ) regressor , a spatial transformer , and a resampler . the convnet analyzes a pair of fixed and moving images and outputs parameters for the spatial transformer , which generates the displacement vector field that enables the resampler to warp the moving image to the ←
→ theoretical robopsychology : samu has learned turing machines ; from the point of view of a programmer , the robopsychology is a synonym for the activity is done by developers to implement their machine learning applications . this robopsychological approach raises some fundamental theoretical questions of machine learning . our discussion of these questions is constrained to turing machines . alan turing had given an algorithm ( aka the turing machine ) to describe algorithms . if it has been applied to describe i ←
→ incremental parsing with minimal features using bi - directional lstm ; recently , neural network approaches for parsing have largely automated the combination of individual features , but still rely on ( often a larger number of ) atomic features created from human linguistic intuition , and potentially omitting important global context . to further reduce feature engineering to the bare minimum , we use bi - directional lstm sentence representations to model a parser state with only three sentence positions , which a ←
→ complex spectrogram enhancement by convolutional neural network with multi - metrics learning ; this paper aims to address two issues existing in the current speech enhancement methods : 1 ) the difficulty of phase estimations ; 2 ) a single objective function cannot consider multiple metrics simultaneously . to solve the first problem , we propose a novel convolutional neural network ( cnn ) model for complex spectrogram enhancement , namely estimating clean real and imaginary ( ri ) spectrograms from noisy ones . the ←
→ advances in pre - training distributed word representations ; many natural language processing applications nowadays rely on pre - trained word representations estimated from large text corpora such as news collections , wikipedia and web crawl . in this paper , we show how to train high - quality word vector representations by using a combination of known tricks that are however rarely used together . the main result of our work is the new set of publicly available pre - trained models that outperform the current stat ←
→ natural language multitasking : analyzing and improving syntactic saliency of hidden representations ; we train multi - task autoencoders on linguistic tasks and analyze the learned hidden sentence representations . the representations change significantly when translation and part - of - speech decoders are added . the more decoders a model employs , the better it clusters sentences according to their syntactic similarity , as the representation space becomes less entangled . we explore the structure of the represen ←
→ deep learning : an introduction for applied mathematicians ; multilayered artificial neural networks are becoming a pervasive tool in a host of application fields . at the heart of this deep learning revolution are familiar concepts from applied and computational mathematics ; notably , in calculus , approximation theory , optimization and linear algebra . this article provides a very brief introduction to the basic ideas that underlie deep learning from an applied mathematics perspective . our target audience incl ←
→ compression of deep neural networks for image instance retrieval ; image instance retrieval is the problem of retrieving images from a database which contain the same object . convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based descriptors are becoming the dominant approach for generating {\ it global image descriptors } for the instance retrieval problem . one major drawback of cnn - based {\ it global descriptors } is that uncompressed deep neural network models require hundreds of megabytes of storage making them inconveni ←
→ sharp computational - statistical phase transitions via oracle computational model ; we study the fundamental tradeoffs between computational tractability and statistical accuracy for a general family of hypothesis testing problems with combinatorial structures . based upon an oracle model of computation , which captures the interactions between algorithms and data , we establish a general lower bound that explicitly connects the minimum testing risk under computational budget constraints with the intrinsic pr ←
→ inductive inference and the representation of uncertainty ; the form and justification of inductive inference rules depend strongly on the representation of uncertainty . this paper examines one generic representation , namely , incomplete information . the notion can be formalized by presuming that the relevant probabilities in a decision problem are known only to the extent that they belong to a class k of probability distributions . the concept is a generalization of a frequent suggestion that uncertainty be ←
→ knowledge representation for robots through human - robot interaction ; the representation of the knowledge needed by a robot to perform complex tasks is restricted by the limitations of perception . one possible way of overcoming this situation and designing " knowledgeable " robots is to rely on the interaction with the user . we propose a multi - modal interaction framework that allows to effectively acquire knowledge about the environment where the robot operates . in particular , in this paper we present a rich ←
→ warmstarting of model - based algorithm configuration ; the performance of many hard combinatorial problem solvers depends strongly on their parameter settings , and since manual parameter tuning is both tedious and suboptimal the ai community has recently developed several algorithm configuration ( ac ) methods to automatically address this problem . while all existing ac methods start the configuration process of an algorithm a from scratch for each new type of benchmark instances , here we propose to exploit in ←
→ monte carlo bayesian reinforcement learning ; bayesian reinforcement learning ( brl ) encodes prior knowledge of the world in a model and represents uncertainty in model parameters by maintaining a probability distribution over them . this paper presents monte carlo brl ( mc - brl ), a simple and general approach to brl . mc - brl samples a priori a finite set of hypotheses for the model parameter values and forms a discrete partially observable markov decision process ( pomdp ) whose state space is a cross product of ←
→ a logic of graded possibility and certainty coping with partial inconsistency ; a semantics is given to possibilistic logic , a logic that handles weighted classical logic formulae , and where weights are interpreted as lower bounds on degrees of certainty or possibility , in the sense of zadeh ' s possibility theory . the proposed semantics is based on fuzzy sets of interpretations . it is tolerant to partial inconsistency . satisfiability is extended from interpretations to fuzzy sets of interpretations , each f ←
→ a novel weight - shared multi - stage network architecture of cnns for scale invariance ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have demonstrated remarkable results in image classification tasks for benchmark and practical uses . the cnns with deeper architectures have achieved higher performances recently thanks to their robustness to parallel shift of objects in images aw well as their numerous parameters and resulting high expression ability . however , the cnns have a limited robustness to other geometric tra ←
→ some bibliographical references on intonation and intonational meaning ; a by - no - means - complete collection of references for those interested in intonational meaning , with other miscellaneous references on intonation included . additional references are welcome , and should be sent to julia @ research . att . com .←
→ followme : efficient online min - cost flow tracking with bounded memory and computation ; one of the most popular approaches to multi - target tracking is tracking - by - detection . current min - cost flow algorithms which solve the data association problem optimally have three main drawbacks : they are computationally expensive , they assume that the whole video is given as a batch , and they scale badly in memory and computation with the length of the video sequence . in this paper , we address each of these issues , r ←
→ full - reference image quality assessment - based b - mode ultrasound image similarity measure ; during the last decades , the number of new full - reference image quality assessment algorithms has been increasing drastically . yet , despite of the remarkable progress that has been made , the medical ultrasound image similarity measurement remains largely unsolved due to a high level of speckle noise contamination . potential applications of the ultrasound image similarity measurement seem evident in several aspects . ←
→ a novel motion detection method resistant to severe illumination changes ; recently , there has been a considerable attention given to the motion detection problem due to the explosive growth of its applications in video analysis and surveillance systems . while the previous approaches can produce good results , an accurate detection of motion remains a challenging task due to the difficulties raised by illumination variations , occlusion , camouflage , burst physical motion , dynamic texture , and environmental ch ←
→ learning visual clothing style with heterogeneous dyadic co - occurrences ; with the rapid proliferation of smart mobile devices , users now take millions of photos every day . these include large numbers of clothing and accessory images . we would like to answer questions like ` what outfit goes well with this pair of shoes ?' to answer these types of questions , one has to go beyond learning visual similarity and learn a visual notion of compatibility across categories . in this paper , we propose a novel learning ←
→ provable bounds for learning some deep representations ; we give algorithms with provable guarantees that learn a class of deep nets in the generative model view popularized by hinton and others . our generative model is an $ n $ node multilayer neural net that has degree at most $ n ^{\ gamma }$ for some $\ gamma < 1 $ and each edge has a random edge weight in $[- 1 , 1 ]$. our algorithm learns {\ em almost all } networks in this class with polynomial running time . the sample complexity is quadratic or cubic depending upo ←
→ feature vector regularization in machine learning ; problems in machine learning ( ml ) can involve noisy input data , and ml classification methods have reached limiting accuracies when based on standard ml data sets consisting of feature vectors and their classes . greater accuracy will require incorporation of prior structural information on data into learning . we study methods to regularize feature vectors ( unsupervised regularization methods ), analogous to supervised regularization for estimating functions ←
→ crl at ntcir2 ; we have developed systems of two types for ntcir2 . one is an enhenced version of the system we developed for ntcir1 and irex . it submitted retrieval results for jj and cc tasks . a variety of parameters were tried with the system . it used such characteristics of newspapers as locational information in the cc tasks . the system got good results for both of the tasks . the other system is a portable system which avoids free parameters as much as possible . the system submitted retrieval results fo ←
→ towards a new science of a clinical data intelligence ; in this paper we define clinical data intelligence as the analysis of data generated in the clinical routine with the goal of improving patient care . we define a science of a clinical data intelligence as a data analysis that permits the derivation of scientific , i . e ., generalizable and reliable results . we argue that a science of a clinical data intelligence is sensible in the context of a big data analysis , i . e ., with data from many patients and with ←
→ inferring shallow - transfer machine translation rules from small parallel corpora ; this paper describes a method for the automatic inference of structural transfer rules to be used in a shallow - transfer machine translation ( mt ) system from small parallel corpora . the structural transfer rules are based on alignment templates , like those used in statistical mt . alignment templates are extracted from sentence - aligned parallel corpora and extended with a set of restrictions which are derived from the bilingu ←
→ notes on hierarchical ensemble methods for dag - structured taxonomies ; several real problems ranging from text classification to computational biology are characterized by hierarchical multi - label classification tasks . most of the methods presented in literature focused on tree - structured taxonomies , but only few on taxonomies structured according to a directed acyclic graph ( dag ). in this contribution novel classification ensemble algorithms for dag - structured taxonomies are introduced . in particular hiera ←
→ exploring hidden dimensions in parallelizing convolutional neural networks ; the past few years have witnessed growth in the size and computational requirements for training deep convolutional neural networks . current approaches parallelize the training process onto multiple devices by applying a single parallelization strategy ( e . g ., data or model parallelism ) to all layers in a network . although easy to reason about , this design results in suboptimal runtime performance in large - scale distributed traini ←
→ why we have switched from building full - fledged taxonomies to simply detecting hypernymy relations ; the study of taxonomies and hypernymy relations has been extensive on the natural language processing ( nlp ) literature . however , the evaluation of taxonomy learning approaches has been traditionally troublesome , as it mainly relies on ad - hoc experiments which are hardly reproducible and manually expensive . partly because of this , current research has been lately focusing on the hypernymy detection task . in ←
→ event schema induction using tensor factorization with back - off ; the goal of event schema induction ( esi ) is to identify schemas of events from a corpus of documents . for example , given documents from the sports domain , we would like to infer that win ( winningplayer , trophy , opponentplayer , location ) is an important event schema for this domain . automatic discovery of such event schemas is an important first step towards building domain - specific knowledge graphs ( kgs ). esi has been the focus of some prior re ←
→ pomdps under probabilistic semantics ; we consider partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) with limit - average payoff , where a reward value in the interval [ 0 , 1 ] is associated to every transition , and the payoff of an infinite path is the long - run average of the rewards . we consider two types of path constraints : ( i ) quantitative constraint defines the set of paths where the payoff is at least a given threshold {\ lambda } in ( 0 , 1 ]; and ( ii ) qualitative constraint which is a special case of qu ←
→ active learning with partial feedback ; in the large - scale multiclass setting , assigning labels often consists of answering multiple questions to drill down through a hierarchy of classes . here , the labor required per annotation scales with the number of questions asked . we propose active learning with partial feedback . in this setup , the learner asks the annotator if a chosen example belongs to a ( possibly composite ) chosen class . the answer eliminates some classes , leaving the agent with a partial label . ←
→ suggestive annotation : a deep active learning framework for biomedical image segmentation ; image segmentation is a fundamental problem in biomedical image analysis . recent advances in deep learning have achieved promising results on many biomedical image segmentation benchmarks . however , due to large variations in biomedical images ( different modalities , image settings , objects , noise , etc ), to utilize deep learning on a new application , it usually needs a new set of training data . this can incur a great ←
→ on model architecture for a children ' s speech recognition interactive dialog system ; this report presents a general model of the architecture of information systems for the speech recognition of children . it presents a model of the speech data stream and how it works . the result of these studies and presented veins architectural model shows that research needs to be focused on acoustic - phonetic modeling in order to improve the quality of children ' s speech recognition and the sustainability of the systems ←
→ unveiling the relationship between complex networks metrics and word senses ; the automatic disambiguation of word senses ( i . e ., the identification of which of the meanings is used in a given context for a word that has multiple meanings ) is essential for such applications as machine translation and information retrieval , and represents a key step for developing the so - called semantic web . humans disambiguate words in a straightforward fashion , but this does not apply to computers . in this paper we addres ←
→ decompositions of all different , global cardinality and related constraints ; we show that some common and important global constraints like all - different and gcc can be decomposed into simple arithmetic constraints on which we achieve bound or range consistency , and in some cases even greater pruning . these decompositions can be easily added to new solvers . they also provide other constraints with access to the state of the propagator by sharing of variables . such sharing can be used to improve propagati ←
→ logic programming approaches for routing fault - free and maximally - parallel wavelength routed optical networks on chip ( application paper ) ; one promising trend in digital system integration consists of boosting on - chip communication performance by means of silicon photonics , thus materializing the so - called optical networks - on - chip ( onocs ). among them , wavelength routing can be used to route a signal to destination by univocally associating a routing path to the wavelength of the optical carrier . such w ←
→ head detection with depth images in the wild ; head detection and localization is a demanding task and a key element for many computer vision applications , like video surveillance , human computer interaction and face analysis . the stunning amount of work done for detecting faces on rgb images , together with the availability of huge face datasets , allowed to setup very effective systems on that domain . however , due to illumination issues , infrared or depth cameras may be required in real applications . in thi ←
→ neural architectures for robot intelligence ; we argue that the direct experimental approaches to elucidate the architecture of higher brains may benefit from insights gained from exploring the possibilities and limits of artificial control architectures for robot systems . we present some of our recent work that has been motivated by that view and that is centered around the study of various aspects of hand actions since these are intimately linked with many higher cognitive abilities . as examples , we repor ←
→ sot for mot ; in this paper we present a robust tracker to solve the multiple object tracking ( mot ) problem , under the framework of tracking - by - detection . as the first contribution , we innovatively combine single object tracking ( sot ) algorithms with multiple object tracking algorithms , and our results show that sot is a general way to strongly reduce the number of false negatives , regardless of the quality of detection . another contribution is that we show with a deep learning based appearance model , it is ←
→ toward experiential utility elicitation for interface customization ; user preferences for automated assistance often vary widely , depending on the situation , and quality or presentation of help . developing effectivemodels to learn individual preferences online requires domain models that associate observations of user behavior with their utility functions , which in turn can be constructed using utility elicitation techniques . however , most elicitation methods ask for users ' predicted utilities based on hyp ←
→ samplernn : an unconditional end - to - end neural audio generation model ; in this paper we propose a novel model for unconditional audio generation based on generating one audio sample at a time . we show that our model , which profits from combining memory - less modules , namely autoregressive multilayer perceptrons , and stateful recurrent neural networks in a hierarchical structure is able to capture underlying sources of variations in the temporal sequences over very long time spans , on three datasets of differ ←
→ production - level facial performance capture using deep convolutional neural networks ; we present a real - time deep learning framework for video - based facial performance capture -- the dense 3d tracking of an actor ' s face given a monocular video . our pipeline begins with accurately capturing a subject using a high - end production facial capture pipeline based on multi - view stereo tracking and artist - enhanced animations . with 5 - 10 minutes of captured footage , we train a convolutional neural network to produc ←
→ compressive network analysis ; modern data acquisition routinely produces massive amounts of network data . though many methods and models have been proposed to analyze such data , the research of network data is largely disconnected with the classical theory of statistical learning and signal processing . in this paper , we present a new framework for modeling network data , which connects two seemingly different areas : network data analysis and compressed sensing . from a nonparametric perspective , we model an ←
→ beating atari with natural language guided reinforcement learning ; we introduce the first deep reinforcement learning agent that learns to beat atari games with the aid of natural language instructions . the agent uses a multimodal embedding between environment observations and natural language to self - monitor progress through a list of english instructions , granting itself reward for completing instructions in addition to increasing the game score . our agent significantly outperforms deep q - networks ( dqns )←
→ gender and interest targeting for sponsored post advertising at tumblr ; as one of the leading platforms for creative content , tumblr offers advertisers a unique way of creating brand identity . advertisers can tell their story through images , animation , text , music , video , and more , and promote that content by sponsoring it to appear as an advertisement in the streams of tumblr users . in this paper we present a framework that enabled one of the key targeted advertising components for tumblr , specifically ge ←
→ more effective crossover operators for the all - pairs shortest path problem ; the all - pairs shortest path problem is the first non - artificial problem for which it was shown that adding crossover can significantly speed up a mutation - only evolutionary algorithm . recently , the analysis of this algorithm was refined and it was shown to have an expected optimization time ( w . r . t . the number of fitness evaluations ) of $\ theta ( n ^{ 3 . 25 }(\ log n )^{ 0 . 25 })$. in contrast to this simple algorithm , evolutionary algorit ←
→ back to rgb : 3d tracking of hands and hand - object interactions based on short - baseline stereo ; we present a novel solution to the problem of 3d tracking of the articulated motion of human hand ( s ), possibly in interaction with other objects . the vast majority of contemporary relevant work capitalizes on depth information provided by rgbd cameras . in this work , we show that accurate and efficient 3d hand tracking is possible , even for the case of rgb stereo . a straightforward approach for solving the probl ←
→ towards better understanding of gradient - based attribution methods for deep neural networks ; understanding the flow of information in deep neural networks ( dnns ) is a challenging problem that has gain increasing attention over the last few years . while several methods have been proposed to explain network predictions , there have been only a few attempts to compare them from a theoretical perspective . what is more , no exhaustive empirical comparison has been performed in the past . in this work , we analyze ←
→ tight sample complexity of large - margin learning ; we obtain a tight distribution - specific characterization of the sample complexity of large - margin classification with l_2 regularization : we introduce the \ gamma - adapted - dimension , which is a simple function of the spectrum of a distribution ' s covariance matrix , and show distribution - specific upper and lower bounds on the sample complexity , both governed by the \ gamma - adapted - dimension of the source distribution . we conclude that this new quantity tightly c ←
→ the implicit bias of gradient descent on separable data ; we show that gradient descent on an unregularized logistic regression problem , for linearly separable datasets , converges to the direction of the max - margin ( hard margin svm ) solution . the result generalizes also to other monotone decreasing loss functions with an infimum at infinity , to multi - class problems , and to training a weight layer in a deep network in a certain restricted setting . furthermore , we show this convergence is very slow , and only ←
→ unifying map and landmark based representations for visual navigation ; this works presents a formulation for visual navigation that unifies map based spatial reasoning and path planning , with landmark based robust plan execution in noisy environments . our proposed formulation is learned from data and is thus able to leverage statistical regularities of the world . this allows it to efficiently navigate in novel environments given only a sparse set of registered images as input for building representations f ←
→ learning to detect violent videos using convolutional long short - term memory ; developing a technique for the automatic analysis of surveillance videos in order to identify the presence of violence is of broad interest . in this work , we propose a deep neural network for the purpose of recognizing violent videos . a convolutional neural network is used to extract frame level features from a video . the frame level features are then aggregated using a variant of the long short term memory that uses convolutio ←
→ expert opinion extraction from a biomedical database ; in this paper , we tackle the problem of extracting frequent opinions from uncertain databases . we introduce the foundation of an opinion mining approach with the definition of pattern and support measure . the support measure is derived from the commitment definition . a new algorithm called opminer that extracts the set of frequent opinions modelled as a mass functions is detailed . finally , we apply our approach on a real - world biomedical database that s ←
→ a generative model for deep convolutional learning ; a generative model is developed for deep ( multi - layered ) convolutional dictionary learning . a novel probabilistic pooling operation is integrated into the deep model , yielding efficient bottom - up ( pretraining ) and top - down ( refinement ) probabilistic learning . experimental results demonstrate powerful capabilities of the model to learn multi - layer features from images , and excellent classification results are obtained on the mnist and caltech 101 datasets .←
→ exploiting the statistics of learning and inference ; when dealing with datasets containing a billion instances or with simulations that require a supercomputer to execute , computational resources become part of the equation . we can improve the efficiency of learning and inference by exploiting their inherent statistical nature . we propose algorithms that exploit the redundancy of data relative to a model by subsampling data - cases for every update and reasoning about the uncertainty created in this process .←
→ hybrid ant colony optimization in solving multi - skill resource - constrained project scheduling problem ; in this paper hybrid ant colony optimization ( hantco ) approach in solving multi -- skill resource constrained project scheduling problem ( ms -- rcpsp ) has been presented . we have proposed hybrid approach that links classical heuristic priority rules for project scheduling with ant colony optimization ( aco ). furthermore , a novel approach for updating pheromone value has been proposed , based on both the best ←
→ secrets in computing optical flow by convolutional networks ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been widely used over many areas in compute vision . especially in classification . recently , flownet and several works on opti - cal estimation using cnns shows the potential ability of cnns in doing per - pixel regression . we proposed several cnns network architectures that can estimate optical flow , and fully unveiled the intrinsic different between these structures .←
→ dependency parsing with lstms : an empirical evaluation ; we propose a transition - based dependency parser using recurrent neural networks with long short - term memory ( lstm ) units . this extends the feedforward neural network parser of chen and manning ( 2014 ) and enables modelling of entire sequences of shift / reduce transition decisions . on the google web treebank , our lstm parser is competitive with the best feedforward parser on overall accuracy and notably achieves more than 3 % improvement for long - range de ←
→ an ensemble - based system for microaneurysm detection and diabetic retinopathy grading ; reliable microaneurysm detection in digital fundus images is still an open issue in medical image processing . we propose an ensemble - based framework to improve microaneurysm detection . unlike the well - known approach of considering the output of multiple classifiers , we propose a combination of internal components of microaneurysm detectors , namely preprocessing methods and candidate extractors . we have evaluated our ap ←
→ do deep neural networks learn facial action units when doing expression recognition ? ; despite being the appearance - based classifier of choice in recent years , relatively few works have examined how much convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) can improve performance on accepted expression recognition benchmarks and , more importantly , examine what it is they actually learn . in this work , not only do we show that cnns can achieve strong performance , but we also introduce an approach to decipher which portions ←
→ efficient hand articulations tracking using adaptive hand model and depth map ; real - time hand articulations tracking is important for many applications such as interacting with virtual / augmented reality devices or tablets . however , most of existing algorithms highly rely on expensive and high power - consuming gpus to achieve real - time processing . consequently , these systems are inappropriate for mobile and wearable devices . in this paper , we propose an efficient hand tracking system which does not requi ←
→ overcoming catastrophic forgetting in convolutional neural networks by selective network augmentation ; lifelong learning aims to develop machine learning systems that can learn new tasks while preserving the performance on previous tasks . this approach can be applied , for example , to prevent accident on autonomous vehicles by applying the knowledge learned on previous situations . in this paper we present a method to overcomes catastrophic forgetting that learns new tasks and preserves the performance on ←
→ the e2e dataset : new challenges for end - to - end generation ; this paper describes the e2e data , a new dataset for training end - to - end , data - driven natural language generation systems in the restaurant domain , which is ten times bigger than existing , frequently used datasets in this area . the e2e dataset poses new challenges : ( 1 ) its human reference texts show more lexical richness and syntactic variation , including discourse phenomena ; ( 2 ) generating from this set requires content selection . as such , learnin ←
→ stfcn : spatio - temporal fcn for semantic video segmentation ; this paper presents a novel method to involve both spatial and temporal features for semantic video segmentation . current work on convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) has shown that cnns provide advanced spatial features supporting a very good performance of solutions for both image and video analysis , especially for the semantic segmentation task . we investigate how involving temporal features also has a good effect on segmenting video data . we pr ←
→ global - local airborne mapping ( glam ): reconstructing a city from aerial videos ; monocular visual slam has become an attractive practical approach for robot localization and 3d environment mapping , since cameras are small , lightweight , inexpensive , and produce high - rate , high - resolution data streams . although numerous robust tools have been developed , most existing systems are designed to operate in terrestrial environments and at relatively small scale ( a few thousand frames ) due to constraints on comput ←
→ inferring causal structure : a quantum advantage ; the problem of using observed correlations to infer causal relations is relevant to a wide variety of scientific disciplines . yet given correlations between just two classical variables , it is impossible to determine whether they arose from a causal influence of one on the other or a common cause influencing both , unless one can implement a randomized intervention . we here consider the problem of causal inference for quantum variables . we introduce causal to ←
→ new s - norm and t - norm operators for active learning method ; active learning method ( alm ) is a soft computing method used for modeling and control based on fuzzy logic . all operators defined for fuzzy sets must serve as either fuzzy s - norm or fuzzy t - norm . despite being a powerful modeling method , alm does not possess operators which serve as s - norms and t - norms which deprive it of a profound analytical expression / form . this paper introduces two new operators based on morphology which satisfy the following ←
→ noise2noise : learning image restoration without clean data ; we apply basic statistical reasoning to signal reconstruction by machine learning -- learning to map corrupted observations to clean signals -- with a simple and powerful conclusion : under certain common circumstances , it is possible to learn to restore signals without ever observing clean ones , at performance close or equal to training using clean exemplars . we show applications in photographic noise removal , denoising of synthetic monte carlo im ←
→ bayesian optimization of text representations ; when applying machine learning to problems in nlp , there are many choices to make about how to represent input texts . these choices can have a big effect on performance , but they are often uninteresting to researchers or practitioners who simply need a module that performs well . we propose an approach to optimizing over this space of choices , formulating the problem as global optimization . we apply a sequential model - based optimization technique and show that ←
→ on duality of multiple target tracking and segmentation ; traditionally , object tracking and segmentation are treated as two separate problems and solved independently . however , in this paper , we argue that tracking and segmentation are actually closely related and solving one should help the other . on one hand , the object track , which is a set of bounding boxes with one bounding box in every frame , would provide strong high - level guidance for the target / background segmentation task . on the other hand , the ←
→ image quality assessment measure based on natural image statistics in the tetrolet domain ; this paper deals with a reduced reference ( rr ) image quality measure based on natural image statistics modeling . for this purpose , tetrolet transform is used since it provides a convenient way to capture local geometric structures . this transform is applied to both reference and distorted images . then , gaussian scale mixture ( gsm ) is proposed to model subbands in order to take account statistical dependencies betwe ←
→ improving graph convolutional networks with non - parametric activation functions ; graph neural networks ( gnns ) are a class of neural networks that allow to efficiently perform inference on data that is associated to a graph structure , such as , e . g ., citation networks or knowledge graphs . while several variants of gnns have been proposed , they only consider simple nonlinear activation functions in their layers , such as rectifiers or squashing functions . in this paper , we investigate the use of graph convol ←
→ on cognitive preferences and the interpretability of rule - based models ; it is conventional wisdom in machine learning and data mining that logical models such as rule sets are more interpretable than other models , and that among such rule - based models , simpler models are more interpretable than more complex ones . in this position paper , we question this latter assumption , and recapitulate evidence for and against this postulate . we also report the results of an evaluation in a crowd - sourcing study , which d ←
→ anatomically constrained video - ct registration via the v - imlop algorithm ; functional endoscopic sinus surgery ( fess ) is a surgical procedure used to treat acute cases of sinusitis and other sinus diseases . fess is fast becoming the preferred choice of treatment due to its minimally invasive nature . however , due to the limited field of view of the endoscope , surgeons rely on navigation systems to guide them within the nasal cavity . state of the art navigation systems report registration accuracy of over 1mm ←
→ the completeness of propositional resolution : a simple and constructive < br > proof ; it is well known that the resolution method ( for propositional logic ) is complete . however , completeness proofs found in the literature use an argument by contradiction showing that if a set of clauses is unsatisfiable , then it must have a resolution refutation . as a consequence , none of these proofs actually gives an algorithm for producing a resolution refutation from an unsatisfiable set of clauses . in this note , we giv ←
→ r - cnn minus r ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have had a major impact in most areas of image understanding , including object category detection . in object detection , methods such as r - cnn have obtained excellent results by integrating cnns with region proposal generation algorithms such as selective search . in this paper , we investigate the role of proposal generation in cnn - based detectors in order to determine whether it is a necessary modelling component , carrying essential geometric informat ←
→ sentence simplification aids protein - protein interaction extraction ; accurate systems for extracting protein - protein interactions ( ppis ) automatically from biomedical articles can help accelerate biomedical research . biomedical informatics researchers are collaborating to provide metaservices and advance the state - of - art in ppi extraction . one problem often neglected by current natural language processing systems is the characteristic complexity of the sentences in biomedical literature . in this paper , we ←
→ dropout improves recurrent neural networks for handwriting recognition ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) with long short - term memory cells currently hold the best known results in unconstrained handwriting recognition . we show that their performance can be greatly improved using dropout - a recently proposed regularization method for deep architectures . while previous works showed that dropout gave superior performance in the context of convolutional networks , it had never been applied to rnns . in our appr ←
→ probabilistic arc consistency : a connection between constraint reasoning and probabilistic reasoning ; we document a connection between constraint reasoning and probabilistic reasoning . we present an algorithm , called { em probabilistic arc consistency }, which is both a generalization of a well known algorithm for arc consistency used in constraint reasoning , and a specialization of the belief updating algorithm for singly - connected networks . our algorithm is exact for singly - connected constraint problems ←
→ large scale constrained linear regression revisited : faster algorithms via preconditioning ; in this paper , we revisit the large - scale constrained linear regression problem and propose faster methods based on some recent developments in sketching and optimization . our algorithms combine ( accelerated ) mini - batch sgd with a new method called two - step preconditioning to achieve an approximate solution with a time complexity lower than that of the state - of - the - art techniques for the low precision case . our id ←
→ a linear approximation method for probabilistic inference ; an approximation method is presented for probabilistic inference with continuous random variables . these problems can arise in many practical problems , in particular where there are " second order " probabilities . the approximation , based on the gaussian influence diagram , iterates over linear approximations to the inference problem .←
→ a categorical approach for recognizing emotional effects of music ; recently , digital music libraries have been developed and can be plainly accessed . latest research showed that current organization and retrieval of music tracks based on album information are inefficient . moreover , they demonstrated that people use emotion tags for music tracks in order to search and retrieve them . in this paper , we discuss separability of a set of emotional labels , proposed in the categorical emotion expression , using fis ←
→ complex - network analysis of combinatorial spaces : the nk landscape case ; we propose a network characterization of combinatorial fitness landscapes by adapting the notion of inherent networks proposed for energy surfaces . we use the well - known family of nk landscapes as an example . in our case the inherent network is the graph whose vertices represent the local maxima in the landscape , and the edges account for the transition probabilities between their corresponding basins of attraction . we exhaustively ex ←
→ logical conditional preference theories ; cp - nets represent the dominant existing framework for expressing qualitative conditional preferences between alternatives , and are used in a variety of areas including constraint solving . over the last fifteen years , a significant literature has developed exploring semantics , algorithms , implementation and use of cp - nets . this paper introduces a comprehensive new framework for conditional preferences : logical conditional preference theories ( lcp theories ). to expres ←
→ semi - myopic sensing plans for value optimization ; we consider the following sequential decision problem . given a set of items of unknown utility , we need to select one of as high a utility as possible (`` the selection problem ''). measurements ( possibly noisy ) of item values prior to selection are allowed , at a known cost . the goal is to optimize the overall sequential decision process of measurements and selection . value of information ( voi ) is a well - known scheme for selecting measurements , but the intr ←
→ risk assessment algorithms based on recursive neural networks ; the assessment of highly - risky situations at road intersections have been recently revealed as an important research topic within the context of the automotive industry . in this paper we shall introduce a novel approach to compute risk functions by using a combination of a highly non - linear processing model in conjunction with a powerful information encoding procedure . specifically , the elements of information either static or dynamic that appe ←
→ domain adaptation by mixture of alignments of second - or higher - order scatter tensors ; in this paper , we propose an approach to the domain adaptation , dubbed second - or higher - order transfer of knowledge ( so - hot ), based on the mixture of alignments of second - or higher - order scatter statistics between the source and target domains . the human ability to learn from few labeled samples is a recurring motivation in the literature for domain adaptation . towards this end , we investigate the supervised target s ←
→ billion - scale commodity embedding for e - commerce recommendation in alibaba ; recommender systems ( rss ) have been the most important technology for increasing the business in taobao , the largest online consumer - to - consumer ( c2c ) platform in china . the billion - scale data in taobao creates three major challenges to taobao ' s rs : scalability , sparsity and cold start . in this paper , we present our technical solutions to address these three challenges . the methods are based on the graph embedding framework . we f ←
→ morphological priors for probabilistic neural word embeddings ; word embeddings allow natural language processing systems to share statistical information across related words . these embeddings are typically based on distributional statistics , making it difficult for them to generalize to rare or unseen words . we propose to improve word embeddings by incorporating morphological information , capturing shared sub - word features . unlike previous work that constructs word embeddings directly from morphemes , we c ←
→ visualizing deep convolutional neural networks using natural pre - images ; image representations , from sift and bag of visual words to convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are a crucial component of almost all computer vision systems . however , our understanding of them remains limited . in this paper we study several landmark representations , both shallow and deep , by a number of complementary visualization techniques . these visualizations are based on the concept of " natural pre - image ", namely a natural - look ←
→ raspireader : open source fingerprint reader ; we open source an easy to assemble , spoof resistant , high resolution , optical fingerprint reader , called raspireader , using ubiquitous components . by using our open source stl files and software , raspireader can be built in under one hour for only us $ 175 . as such , raspireader provides the fingerprint research community a seamless and simple method for quickly prototyping new ideas involving fingerprint reader hardware . in particular , we posit that this open sou ←
→ proof nets for the displacement calculus ; we present a proof net calculus for the displacement calculus and show its correctness . this is the first proof net calculus which models the displacement calculus directly and not by some sort of translation into another formalism . the proof net calculus opens up new possibilities for parsing and proof search with the displacement calculus .←
→ forecasting sleep apnea with dynamic network models ; dynamic network models ( dnms ) are belief networks for temporal reasoning . the dnm methodology combines techniques from time series analysis and probabilistic reasoning to provide ( 1 ) a knowledge representation that integrates noncontemporaneous and contemporaneous dependencies and ( 2 ) methods for iteratively refining these dependencies in response to the effects of exogenous influences . we use belief - network inference algorithms to perform forecasting , c ←
→ densely connected convolutional networks and signal quality analysis to detect atrial fibrillation using short single - lead ecg recordings ; the development of new technology such as wearables that record high - quality single channel ecg , provides an opportunity for ecg screening in a larger population , especially for atrial fibrillation screening . the main goal of this study is to develop an automatic classification algorithm for normal sinus rhythm ( nsr ), atrial fibrillation ( af ), other rhythms ( o ), and n ←
→ xflow : 1d - 2d cross - modal deep neural networks for audiovisual classification ; we propose two multimodal deep learning architectures that allow for cross - modal dataflow ( xflow ) between the feature extractors , thereby extracting more interpretable features and obtaining a better representation than through unimodal learning , for the same amount of training data . these models can usefully exploit correlations between audio and visual data , which have a different dimensionality and are therefore nontrivially ←
→ evolution strategies as a scalable alternative to reinforcement learning ; we explore the use of evolution strategies ( es ), a class of black box optimization algorithms , as an alternative to popular mdp - based rl techniques such as q - learning and policy gradients . experiments on mujoco and atari show that es is a viable solution strategy that scales extremely well with the number of cpus available : by using a novel communication strategy based on common random numbers , our es implementation only needs to com ←
→ unsupervised image - to - image translation with generative adversarial networks ; it ' s useful to automatically transform an image from its original form to some synthetic form ( style , partial contents , etc .), while keeping the original structure or semantics . we define this requirement as the " image - to - image translation " problem , and propose a general approach to achieve it , based on deep convolutional and conditional generative adversarial networks ( gans ), which has gained a phenomenal success to learn mapp ←
→ real - time visual tracking : promoting the robustness of correlation filter learning ; correlation filtering based tracking model has received lots of attention and achieved great success in real - time tracking , however , the lost function in current correlation filtering paradigm could not reliably response to the appearance changes caused by occlusion and illumination variations . this study intends to promote the robustness of the correlation filter learning . by exploiting the anisotropy of the filter respo ←
→ an automatic contextual analysis and clustering classifiers ensemble approach to sentiment analysis ; products reviews are one of the major resources to determine the public sentiment . the existing literature on reviews sentiment analysis mainly utilizes supervised paradigm , which needs labeled data to be trained on and suffers from domain - dependency . this article addresses these issues by describes a completely automatic approach for sentiment analysis based on unsupervised ensemble learning . the method ←
→ universal adversarial perturbations ; given a state - of - the - art deep neural network classifier , we show the existence of a universal ( image - agnostic ) and very small perturbation vector that causes natural images to be misclassified with high probability . we propose a systematic algorithm for computing universal perturbations , and show that state - of - the - art deep neural networks are highly vulnerable to such perturbations , albeit being quasi - imperceptible to the human eye . we further empirically analyze these ←
→ towards a job title classification system ; document classification for text , images and other applicable entities has long been a focus of research in academia and also finds application in many industrial settings . amidst a plethora of approaches to solve such problems , machine - learning techniques have found success in a variety of scenarios . in this paper we discuss the design of a machine learning - based semi - supervised job title classification system for the online job recruitment domain currently in pr ←
→ privacy - preserving deep inference for rich user data on the cloud ; deep neural networks are increasingly being used in a variety of machine learning applications applied to rich user data on the cloud . however , this approach introduces a number of privacy and efficiency challenges , as the cloud operator can perform secondary inferences on the available data . recently , advances in edge processing have paved the way for more efficient , and private , data processing at the source for simple tasks and lighter m ←
→ minimizing finite sums with the stochastic average gradient ; we propose the stochastic average gradient ( sag ) method for optimizing the sum of a finite number of smooth convex functions . like stochastic gradient ( sg ) methods , the sag method ' s iteration cost is independent of the number of terms in the sum . however , by incorporating a memory of previous gradient values the sag method achieves a faster convergence rate than black - box sg methods . the convergence rate is improved from o ( 1 / k ^{ 1 / 2 }) to o ( 1 / k ) in ←
→ graph - based learning with unbalanced clusters ; graph construction is a crucial step in spectral clustering ( sc ) and graph - based semi - supervised learning ( ssl ). spectral methods applied on standard graphs such as full - rbf , $\ epsilon $- graphs and $ k $- nn graphs can lead to poor performance in the presence of proximal and unbalanced data . this is because spectral methods based on minimizing ratiocut or normalized cut on these graphs tend to put more importance on balancing cluster sizes over reducing cut values ←
→ serket : an architecture for connecting stochastic models to realize a large - scale cognitive model ; to realize human - like robot intelligence , a large - scale cognitive architecture is required for robots to understand the environment through a variety of sensors with which they are equipped . in this paper , we propose a novel framework named serket that enables the construction of a large - scale generative model and its inference easily by connecting sub - modules to allow the robots to acquire various capabili ←
→ risk stratification of lung nodules using 3d cnn - based multi - task learning ; risk stratification of lung nodules is a task of primary importance in lung cancer diagnosis . any improvement in robust and accurate nodule characterization can assist in identifying cancer stage , prognosis , and improving treatment planning . in this study , we propose a 3d convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based nodule characterization strategy . with a completely 3d approach , we utilize the volumetric information from a ct scan w ←
→ projected semi - stochastic gradient descent method with mini - batch scheme under weak strong convexity assumption ; we propose a projected semi - stochastic gradient descent method with mini - batch for improving both the theoretical complexity and practical performance of the general stochastic gradient descent method ( sgd ). we are able to prove linear convergence under weak strong convexity assumption . this requires no strong convexity assumption for minimizing the sum of smooth convex functions subject to a ←
→ better text understanding through image - to - text transfer ; generic text embeddings are successfully used in a variety of tasks . however , they are often learnt by capturing the co - occurrence structure from pure text corpora , resulting in limitations of their ability to generalize . in this paper , we explore models that incorporate visual information into the text representation . based on comprehensive ablation studies , we propose a conceptually simple , yet well performing architecture . it outperforms previous ←
→ statistical modeling in continuous speech recognition ( csr )( invited talk ) ; automatic continuous speech recognition ( csr ) is sufficiently mature that a variety of real world applications are now possible including large vocabulary transcription and interactive spoken dialogues . this paper reviews the evolution of the statistical modelling techniques which underlie current - day systems , specifically hidden markov models ( hmms ) and n - grams . starting from a description of the speech signal and its parameteris ←
→ neural network models for implicit discourse relation classification in english and chinese without surface features ; inferring implicit discourse relations in natural language text is the most difficult subtask in discourse parsing . surface features achieve good performance , but they are not readily applicable to other languages without semantic lexicons . previous neural models require parses , surface features , or a small label set to work well . here , we propose neural network models that are based on f ←
→ kernel task - driven dictionary learning for hyperspectral image classification ; dictionary learning algorithms have been successfully used in both reconstructive and discriminative tasks , where the input signal is represented by a linear combination of a few dictionary atoms . while these methods are usually developed under $\ ell_1 $ sparsity constrain ( prior ) in the input domain , recent studies have demonstrated the advantages of sparse representation using structured sparsity priors in the kernel domain . ←
→ online video deblurring via dynamic temporal blending network ; state - of - the - art video deblurring methods are capable of removing non - uniform blur caused by unwanted camera shake and / or object motion in dynamic scenes . however , most existing methods are based on batch processing and thus need access to all recorded frames , rendering them computationally demanding and time consuming and thus limiting their practical use . in contrast , we propose an online ( sequential ) video deblurring method based on a spatio ←
→ recsys challenge 2016 : job recommendations based on preselection of offers and gradient boosting ; we present the mim - solution ' s approach to the recsys challenge 2016 , which ranked 2nd . the goal of the competition was to prepare job recommendations for the users of the website xing . com . our two phase algorithm consists of candidate selection followed by the candidate ranking . we ranked the candidates by the predicted probability that the user will positively interact with the job offer . we have used gra ←
→ crowdsourcing for beyond polarity sentiment analysis a pure emotion lexicon ; sentiment analysis aims to uncover emotions conveyed through information . in its simplest form , it is performed on a polarity basis , where the goal is to classify information with positive or negative emotion . recent research has explored more nuanced ways to capture emotions that go beyond polarity . for these methods to work , they require a critical resource : a lexicon that is appropriate for the task at hand , in terms of the r ←
→ monotonous ( semi -) nonnegative matrix factorization ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) factorizes a non - negative matrix into product of two non - negative matrices , namely a signal matrix and a mixing matrix . nmf suffers from the scale and ordering ambiguities . often , the source signals can be monotonous in nature . for example , in source separation problem , the source signals can be monotonously increasing or decreasing while the mixing matrix can have nonnegative entries . nmf methods may not be effectiv ←
→ multi - field structural decomposition for question answering ; this paper presents a precursory yet novel approach to the question answering task using structural decomposition . our system first generates linguistic structures such as syntactic and semantic trees from text , decomposes them into multiple fields , then indexes the terms in each field . for each question , it decomposes the question into multiple fields , measures the relevance score of each field to the indexed ones , then ranks all documents by th ←
→ cooperative inverse reinforcement learning ; for an autonomous system to be helpful to humans and to pose no unwarranted risks , it needs to align its values with those of the humans in its environment in such a way that its actions contribute to the maximization of value for the humans . we propose a formal definition of the value alignment problem as cooperative inverse reinforcement learning ( cirl ). a cirl problem is a cooperative , partial - information game with two agents , human and robot ; both are rewarde ←
→ tabletgaze : unconstrained appearance - based gaze estimation in mobile tablets ; we study gaze estimation on tablets , our key design goal is uncalibrated gaze estimation using the front - facing camera during natural use of tablets , where the posture and method of holding the tablet is not constrained . we collected the first large unconstrained gaze dataset of tablet users , labeled rice tabletgaze dataset . the dataset consists of 51 subjects , each with 4 different postures and 35 gaze locations . subjects vary ←
→ unit contradiction versus unit propagation ; some aspects of the result of applying unit resolution on a cnf formula can be formalized as functions with domain a set of partial truth assignments . we are interested in two ways for computing such functions , depending on whether the result is the production of the empty clause or the assignment of a variable with a given truth value . we show that these two models can compute the same functions with formulae of polynomially related sizes , and we explain how thi ←
→ the zipml framework for training models with end - to - end low precision : the cans , the cannots , and a little bit of deep learning ; recently there has been significant interest in training machine - learning models at low precision : by reducing precision , one can reduce computation and communication by one order of magnitude . we examine training at reduced precision , both from a theoretical and practical perspective , and ask : is it possible to train models at end - to - end low precision with provable guarantees ?←
→ classification with the pot - pot plot ; we propose a procedure for supervised classification that is based on potential functions . the potential of a class is defined as a kernel density estimate multiplied by the class ' s prior probability . the method transforms the data to a potential - potential ( pot - pot ) plot , where each data point is mapped to a vector of potentials . separation of the classes , as well as classification of new data points , is performed on this plot . for this , either the $\ alpha $- procedure (←
→ polyphonic music generation by modeling temporal dependencies using a rnn - dbn ; in this paper , we propose a generic technique to model temporal dependencies and sequences using a combination of a recurrent neural network and a deep belief network . our technique , rnn - dbn , is an amalgamation of the memory state of the rnn that allows it to provide temporal information and a multi - layer dbn that helps in high level representation of the data . this makes rnn - dbns ideal for sequence generation . further , the us ←
→ ai oriented large - scale video management for smart city : technologies , standards and beyond ; deep learning has achieved substantial success in a series of tasks in computer vision . intelligent video analysis , which can be broadly applied to video surveillance in various smart city applications , can also be driven by such powerful deep learning engines . to practically facilitate deep neural network models in the large - scale video analysis , there are still unprecedented challenges for the large - scale video ←
→ mapping images with the coherence length diagrams ; statistical pattern recognition methods based on the coherence length diagram ( cld ) have been proposed for medical image analyses , such as quantitative characterisation of human skin textures , and for polarized light microscopy of liquid crystal textures . further investigations are made on image maps originated from such diagram and some examples related to irregularity of microstructures are shown .←
→ dilated convolutional neural networks for cardiovascular mr segmentation in congenital heart disease ; we propose an automatic method using dilated convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for segmentation of the myocardium and blood pool in cardiovascular mr ( cmr ) of patients with congenital heart disease ( chd ). ten training and ten test cmr scans cropped to an roi around the heart were provided in the miccai 2016 hvsmr challenge . a dilated cnn with a receptive field of 131x131 voxels was trained for myoca ←
→ a chaid based performance prediction model in educational data mining ; the performance in higher secondary school education in india is a turning point in the academic lives of all students . as this academic performance is influenced by many factors , it is essential to develop predictive data mining model for students ' performance so as to identify the slow learners and study the influence of the dominant factors on their academic performance . in the present investigation , a survey cum experimental methodo ←
→ learning graph matching ; as a fundamental problem in pattern recognition , graph matching has applications in a variety of fields , from computer vision to computational biology . in graph matching , patterns are modeled as graphs and pattern recognition amounts to finding a correspondence between the nodes of different graphs . many formulations of this problem can be cast in general as a quadratic assignment problem , where a linear term in the objective function encodes node compatibility and a quadratic term ←
→ batch - normalized maxout network in network ; this paper reports a novel deep architecture referred to as maxout network in network ( min ), which can enhance model discriminability and facilitate the process of information abstraction within the receptive field . the proposed network adopts the framework of the recently developed network in network structure , which slides a universal approximator , multilayer perceptron ( mlp ) with rectifier units , to exact features . instead of mlp , we employ maxout mlp to learn ←
→ minimax - optimal semi - supervised regression on unknown manifolds ; we consider semi - supervised regression when the predictor variables are drawn from an unknown manifold . a simple two step approach to this problem is to : ( i ) estimate the manifold geodesic distance between any pair of points using both the labeled and unlabeled instances ; and ( ii ) apply a k nearest neighbor regressor based on these distance estimates . we prove that given sufficiently many unlabeled points , this simple method of geodesic knn r ←
→ large scale canonical correlation analysis with iterative least squares ; canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) is a widely used statistical tool with both well established theory and favorable performance for a wide range of machine learning problems . however , computing cca for huge datasets can be very slow since it involves implementing qr decomposition or singular value decomposition of huge matrices . in this paper we introduce l - cca , a iterative algorithm which can compute cca fast on huge sparse datase ←
→ complexity of and algorithms for borda manipulation ; we prove that it is np - hard for a coalition of two manipulators to compute how to manipulate the borda voting rule . this resolves one of the last open problems in the computational complexity of manipulating common voting rules . because of this np - hardness , we treat computing a manipulation as an approximation problem where we try to minimize the number of manipulators . based on ideas from bin packing and multiprocessor scheduling , we propose two new app ←
→ reinforcement learning algorithm selection ; this paper formalises the problem of online algorithm selection in the context of reinforcement learning . the setup is as follows : given an episodic task and a finite number of off - policy rl algorithms , a meta - algorithm has to decide which rl algorithm is in control during the next episode so as to maximize the expected return . the article presents a novel meta - algorithm , called epochal stochastic bandit algorithm selection ( esbas ). its principle is to freeze the ←
→ learning based on cc1 and cc4 neural networks ; we propose that a general learning system should have three kinds of agents corresponding to sensory , short - term , and long - term memory that implicitly will facilitate context - free and context - sensitive aspects of learning . these three agents perform mututally complementary functions that capture aspects of the human cognition system . we investigate the use of cc1 and cc4 networks for use as models of short - term and sensory memory .←
→ engineering benchmarks for planning : the domains used in the deterministic part of ipc - 4 ; in a field of research about general reasoning mechanisms , it is essential to have appropriate benchmarks . ideally , the benchmarks should reflect possible applications of the developed technology . in ai planning , researchers more and more tend to draw their testing examples from the benchmark collections used in the international planning competition ( ipc ). in the organization of ( the deterministic part of ) the four ←
→ assessing threat of adversarial examples on deep neural networks ; deep neural networks are facing a potential security threat from adversarial examples , inputs that look normal but cause an incorrect classification by the deep neural network . for example , the proposed threat could result in hand - written digits on a scanned check being incorrectly classified but looking normal when humans see them . this research assesses the extent to which adversarial examples pose a security threat , when one considers the ←
→ beyond the hazard rate : more perturbation algorithms for adversarial multi - armed bandits ; recent work on follow the perturbed leader ( ftpl ) algorithms for the adversarial multi - armed bandit problem has highlighted the role of the hazard rate of the distribution generating the perturbations . assuming that the hazard rate is bounded , it is possible to provide regret analyses for a variety of ftpl algorithms for the multi - armed bandit problem . this paper pushes the inquiry into regret bounds for ftpl algori ←
→ real - time depth refinement for specular objects ; the introduction of consumer rgb - d scanners set off a major boost in 3d computer vision research . yet , the precision of existing depth scanners is not accurate enough to recover fine details of a scanned object . while modern shading based depth refinement methods have been proven to work well with lambertian objects , they break down in the presence of specularities . we present a novel shape from shading framework that addresses this issue and enhances both d ←
→ simulated data experiments for time series classification part 1 : accuracy comparison with default settings ; there are now a broad range of time series classification ( tsc ) algorithms designed to exploit different representations of the data . these have been evaluated on a range of problems hosted at the ucr - uea tsc archive ( www . timeseriesclassification . com ), and there have been extensive comparative studies . however , our understanding of why one algorithm outperforms another is still anecdotal at best . ←
→ the noesis network - oriented exploration , simulation , and induction system ; network data mining has become an important area of study due to the large number of problems it can be applied to . this paper presents noesis , an open source framework for network data mining that provides a large collection of network analysis techniques , including the analysis of network structural properties , community detection methods , link scoring , and link prediction , as well as network visualization algorithms . it also fe ←
→ legendre tensor decomposition ; we present a novel nonnegative tensor decomposition method , called legendre decomposition , which factorizes an input tensor into a multiplicative combination of parameters . thanks to the well - developed theory of information geometry , the reconstructed tensor is unique and always minimizes the kl divergence from an input tensor . we empirically show that legendre decomposition can more accurately reconstruct tensors than nonnegative cp and tucker decompositions .←
→ flexible visual quality inspection in discrete manufacturing ; most visual quality inspections in discrete manufacturing are composed of length , surface , angle or intensity measurements . those are implemented as end - user configurable inspection tools that should not require an image processing expert to set up . currently available software solutions providing such capability use a flowchart based programming environment , but do not fully address an inspection flowchart robustness and can require a redefinit ←
→ multi - objective reinforcement learning with continuous pareto frontier approximation supplementary material ; this document contains supplementary material for the paper " multi - objective reinforcement learning with continuous pareto frontier approximation ", published at the twenty - ninth aaai conference on artificial intelligence ( aaai - 15 ). the paper is about learning a continuous approximation of the pareto frontier in multi - objective markov decision problems ( momdps ). we propose a policy - based approach t ←
→ pose - aware person recognition ; person recognition methods that use multiple body regions have shown significant improvements over traditional face - based recognition . one of the primary challenges in full - body person recognition is the extreme variation in pose and view point . in this work , ( i ) we present an approach that tackles pose variations utilizing multiple models that are trained on specific poses , and combined using pose - aware weights during testing . ( ii ) for learning a person representation , we pr ←
→ potholes on the royal road ; it is still unclear how an evolutionary algorithm ( ea ) searches a fitness landscape , and on what fitness landscapes a particular ea will do well . the validity of the building - block hypothesis , a major tenet of traditional genetic algorithm theory , remains controversial despite its continued use to justify claims about eas . this paper outlines a research program to begin to answer some of these open questions , by extending the work done in the royal road project . the short - term g ←
→ qualitative approximate behavior composition ; the behavior composition problem involves automatically building a controller that is able to realize a desired , but unavailable , target system ( e . g ., a house surveillance ) by suitably coordinating a set of available components ( e . g ., video cameras , blinds , lamps , a vacuum cleaner , phones , etc .) previous work has almost exclusively aimed at bringing about the desired component in its totality , which is highly unsatisfactory for unsolvable problems . in this work ←
→ predictive - state decoders : encoding the future into recurrent networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are a vital modeling technique that rely on internal states learned indirectly by optimization of a supervised , unsupervised , or reinforcement training loss . rnns are used to model dynamic processes that are characterized by underlying latent states whose form is often unknown , precluding its analytic representation inside an rnn . in the predictive - state representation ( psr ) literature , latent state pro ←
→ on - board visual tracking with unmanned aircraft system ( uas ) ; this paper presents the development of a real time tracking algorithm that runs on a 1 . 2 ghz pc / 104 computer on - board a small uav . the algorithm uses zero mean normalized cross correlation to detect and locate an object in the image . a kalman filter is used to make the tracking algorithm computationally efficient . object position in an image frame is predicted using the motion model and a search window , centered at the predicted position is gene ←
→ convex point estimation using undirected bayesian transfer hierarchies ; when related learning tasks are naturally arranged in a hierarchy , an appealing approach for coping with scarcity of instances is that of transfer learning using a hierarchical bayes framework . as fully bayesian computations can be difficult and computationally demanding , it is often desirable to use posterior point estimates that facilitate ( relatively ) efficient prediction . however , the hierarchical bayes framework does not always le ←
→ improved training for online end - to - end speech recognition systems ; achieving high accuracy with end - to - end speech recognizers requires careful parameter initialization prior to training . otherwise , the networks may fail to find a good local optimum . this is particularly true for low - latency online networks , such as unidirectional lstms . currently , the best strategy to train such systems is to bootstrap the training from a tied - triphone system . however , this is time consuming , and more importantly , is impo ←
→ towards a crowd analytic framework for crowd management in majid - al - haram ; the scared cities of makkah al mukarramah and madina al munawarah host millions of pilgrims every year . during hajj , the movement of large number of people has a unique spatial and temporal constraints , which makes hajj one of toughest challenges for crowd management . in this paper , we propose a computer vision based framework that automatically analyses video sequence and computes important measurements which include estimation o ←
→ the importance of skip connections in biomedical image segmentation ; in this paper , we study the influence of both long and short skip connections on fully convolutional networks ( fcn ) for biomedical image segmentation . in standard fcns , only long skip connections are used to skip features from the contracting path to the expanding path in order to recover spatial information lost during downsampling . we extend fcns by adding short skip connections , that are similar to the ones introduced in residual netwo ←
→ classification and representation via separable subspaces : performance limits and algorithms ; we study the classification performance of kronecker - structured models in two asymptotic regimes and developed an algorithm for separable , fast and compact k - s dictionary learning for better classification and representation of multidimensional signals by exploiting the structure in the signal . first , we study the classification performance in terms of diversity order and pairwise geometry of the subspaces . we d ←
→ metric - free natural gradient for joint - training of boltzmann machines ; this paper introduces the metric - free natural gradient ( mfng ) algorithm for training boltzmann machines . similar in spirit to the hessian - free method of martens [ 8 ], our algorithm belongs to the family of truncated newton methods and exploits an efficient matrix - vector product to avoid explicitely storing the natural gradient metric $ l $. this metric is shown to be the expected second derivative of the log - partition function ( under the m ←
→ optimizing colormaps with consideration for color vision deficiency to enable accurate interpretation of scientific data ; color vision deficiency ( cvd ) affects 8 . 5 % of the population and leads to a different visual perception of colors . though this has been known for decades , colormaps with many colors across the visual spectra are often used to represent data , leading to the potential for misinterpretation or difficulty with interpretation by someone with this deficiency . until the creation of the modul ←
→ a convergence analysis for a class of practical variance - reduction stochastic gradient mcmc ; stochastic gradient markov chain monte carlo ( sg - mcmc ) has been developed as a flexible family of scalable bayesian sampling algorithms . however , there has been little theoretical analysis of the impact of minibatch size to the algorithm ' s convergence rate . in this paper , we prove that under a limited computational budget / time , a larger minibatch size leads to a faster decrease of the mean squared error bound ( th ←
→ three - stage quantitative neural network model of the tip - of - the - tongue phenomenon ; a new three - stage computer artificial neural network model of the tip - of - the - tongue phenomenon is shortly described , and its stochastic nature was demonstrated . a way to calculate strength and appearance probability of tip - of - the - tongue states , neural network mechanism of feeling - of - knowing phenomenon are proposed . the model synthesizes memory , psycholinguistic , and metamemory approaches , bridges speech errors and naming c ←
→ high - performance kernel machines with implicit distributed optimization and randomization ; in order to fully utilize " big data ", it is often required to use " big models ". such models tend to grow with the complexity and size of the training data , and do not make strong parametric assumptions upfront on the nature of the underlying statistical dependencies . kernel methods fit this need well , as they constitute a versatile and principled statistical methodology for solving a wide range of non - parametric mo ←
→ towards accurate markerless human shape and pose estimation over time ; existing marker - less motion capture methods often assume known backgrounds , static cameras , and sequence specific motion priors , which narrows its application scenarios . here we propose a fully automatic method that given multi - view video , estimates 3d human motion and body shape . we take recent smplify \ cite { bogo2016keep } as the base method , and extend it in several ways . first we fit the body to 2d features detected in multi - view imag ←
→ semi - supervised radio signal identification ; radio emitter recognition in dense multi - user environments is an important tool for optimizing spectrum utilization , identifying and minimizing interference , and enforcing spectrum policy . radio data is readily available and easy to obtain from an antenna , but labeled and curated data is often scarce making supervised learning strategies difficult and time consuming in practice . we demonstrate that semi - supervised learning techniques can be used to scale learnin ←
→ machine learning approximation algorithms for high - dimensional fully nonlinear partial differential equations and second - order backward stochastic differential equations ; high - dimensional partial differential equations ( pde ) appear in a number of models from the financial industry , such as in derivative pricing models , credit valuation adjustment ( cva ) models , or portfolio optimization models . the pdes in such applications are high - dimensional as the dimension corresponds to the number of financial ass ←
→ transferring semantic roles using translation and syntactic information ; our paper addresses the problem of annotation projection for semantic role labeling for resource - poor languages using supervised annotations from a resource - rich language through parallel data . we propose a transfer method that employs information from source and target syntactic dependencies as well as word alignment density to improve the quality of an iterative bootstrapping method . our experiments yield a $ 3 . 5 $ absolute labeled f -←
→ inference of personal attributes from tweets using machine learning ; using machine learning algorithms , including deep learning , we studied the prediction of personal attributes from the text of tweets , such as gender , occupation , and age groups . we applied word2vec to construct word vectors , which were then used to vectorize tweet blocks . the resulting tweet vectors were used as inputs for training models , and the prediction accuracy of those models was examined as a function of the dimension of the tweet ←
→ a hybrid anytime algorithm for the constructiion of causal models from sparse data ; we present a hybrid constraint - based / bayesian algorithm for learning causal networks in the presence of sparse data . the algorithm searches the space of equivalence classes of models ( essential graphs ) using a heuristic based on conventional constraint - based techniques . each essential graph is then converted into a directed acyclic graph and scored using a bayesian scoring metric . two variants of the algorithm are develop ←
→ residual attention network for image classification ; in this work , we propose " residual attention network ", a convolutional neural network using attention mechanism which can incorporate with state - of - art feed forward network architecture in an end - to - end training fashion . our residual attention network is built by stacking attention modules which generate attention - aware features . the attention - aware features from different modules change adaptively as layers going deeper . inside each attention module , bo ←
→ in folly ripe . in reason rotten . putting machine theology to rest ; computation has changed the world more than any previous expressions of knowledge . in its particular algorithmic embodiment , it offers a perspective , within which the digital computer ( one of many possible ) exercises a role reminiscent of theology . since it is closed to meaning , algorithmic digital computation can at most mimic the creative aspects of life . ai , in the perspective of time , proved to be less an acronym for artificial intellig ←
→ vision - based engagement detection in virtual reality ; user engagement modeling for manipulating actions in vision - based interfaces is one of the most important case studies of user mental state detection . in a virtual reality environment that employs camera sensors to recognize human activities , we have to know when user intends to perform an action and when not . without a proper algorithm for recognizing engagement status , any kind of activities could be interpreted as manipulating actions , called " midas ←
→ image retrieval based on bag - of - words model ; this article gives a survey for bag - of - words ( bow ) or bag - of - features model in image retrieval system . in recent years , large - scale image retrieval shows significant potential in both industry applications and research problems . as local descriptors like sift demonstrate great discriminative power in solving vision problems like object recognition , image classification and annotation , more and more state - of - the - art large scale image retrieval systems are trying ←
→ ensemble distillation for neural machine translation ; knowledge distillation describes a method for training a student network to perform better by learning from a stronger teacher network . translating a sentence with an neural machine translation ( nmt ) engine is time expensive and having a smaller model speeds up this process . we demonstrate how to transfer the translation quality of an ensemble and an oracle bleu teacher network into a single nmt system . further , we present translation improvements from ←
→ unification of field theory and maximum entropy methods for learning probability densities ; the need to estimate smooth probability distributions ( a . k . a . probability densities ) from finite sampled data is ubiquitous in science . many approaches to this problem have been described , but none is yet regarded as providing a definitive solution . maximum entropy estimation and bayesian field theory are two such approaches . both have origins in statistical physics , but the relationship between them has remained ←
→ particle optimization in stochastic gradient mcmc ; stochastic gradient markov chain monte carlo ( sg - mcmc ) has been increasingly popular in bayesian learning due to its ability to deal with large data . a standard sg - mcmc algorithm simulates samples from a discretized - time markov chain to approximate a target distribution . however , the samples are typically highly correlated due to the sequential generation process , an undesired property in sg - mcmc . in contrary , stein variational gradient descent ( svgd ) dire ←
→ map estimation of semi - metric mrfs via hierarchical graph cuts ; we consider the task of obtaining the maximum a posteriori estimate of discrete pairwise random fields with arbitrary unary potentials and semimetric pairwise potentials . for this problem , we propose an accurate hierarchical move making strategy where each move is computed efficiently by solving an st - mincut problem . unlike previous move making approaches , e . g . the widely used a - expansion algorithm , our method obtains the guarantees of the sta ←
→ hypermedia learning objects system - on the way to a semantic educational web ; while elearning systems become more and more popular in daily education , available applications lack opportunities to structure , annotate and manage their contents in a high - level fashion . general efforts to improve these deficits are taken by initiatives to define rich meta data sets and a semanticweb layer . in the present paper we introduce hylos , an online learning system . hylos is based on a cellular elearning object ( elo )←
→ on properties of update sequences based on causal rejection ; we consider an approach to update nonmonotonic knowledge bases represented as extended logic programs under answer set semantics . new information is incorporated into the current knowledge base subject to a causal rejection principle enforcing that , in case of conflicts , more recent rules are preferred and older rules are overridden . such a rejection principle is also exploited in other approaches to update logic programs , e . g ., in dynamic logic ←
→ evolutionary generative adversarial networks ; generative adversarial networks ( gan ) have been effective for learning generative models for real - world data . however , existing gans ( gan and its variants ) tend to suffer from training problems such as instability and mode collapse . in this paper , we propose a novel gan framework called evolutionary generative adversarial networks ( e - gan ) for stable gan training and improved generative performance . unlike existing gans , which employ a pre - defined adversarial ob ←
→ kitsune : an ensemble of autoencoders for online network intrusion detection ; neural networks have become an increasingly popular solution for network intrusion detection systems ( nids ). their capability of learning complex patterns and behaviors make them a suitable solution for differentiating between normal traffic and network attacks . however , a drawback of neural networks is the amount of resources needed to train them . many network gateways and routers devices , which could potentially host an nids , ←
→ a metric to classify style of spoken speech ; the ability to classify spoken speech based on the style of speaking is an important problem . with the advent of bpo ' s in recent times , specifically those that cater to a population other than the local population , it has become necessary for bpo ' s to identify people with certain style of speaking ( american , british etc ). today bpo ' s employ accent analysts to identify people having the required style of speaking . this process while involving human bias , it is be ←
→ spelling correction as a foreign language ; in this paper , we reformulated the spell correction problem as a machine translation task under the encoder - decoder framework . this reformulation enabled us to use a single model for solving the problem that is traditionally formulated as learning a language model and an error model . this model employs multi - layer recurrent neural networks as an encoder and a decoder . we demonstrate the effectiveness of this model using an internal dataset , where the training data ←
→ a multiscale framework for challenging discrete optimization ; current state - of - the - art discrete optimization methods struggle behind when it comes to challenging contrast - enhancing discrete energies ( i . e ., favoring different labels for neighboring variables ). this work suggests a multiscale approach for these challenging problems . deriving an algebraic representation allows us to coarsen any pair - wise energy using any interpolation in a principled algebraic manner . furthermore , we propose an energy - aware i ←
→ estimation of human body shape and posture under clothing ; estimating the body shape and posture of a dressed human subject in motion represented as a sequence of ( possibly incomplete ) 3d meshes is important for virtual change rooms and security . to solve this problem , statistical shape spaces encoding human body shape and posture variations are commonly used to constrain the search space for the shape estimate . in this work , we propose a novel method that uses a posture - invariant shape space to model body ←
→ rooting opinions in the minds : a cognitive model and a formal account of opinions and their dynamics ; the study of opinions , their formation and change , is one of the defining topics addressed by social psychology , but in recent years other disciplines , like computer science and complexity , have tried to deal with this issue . despite the flourishing of different models and theories in both fields , several key questions still remain unanswered . the understanding of how opinions change and the way they are ←
→ olive oil is made of olives , baby oil is made for babies : interpreting noun compounds using paraphrases in a neural model ; automatic interpretation of the relation between the constituents of a noun compound , e . g . olive oil ( source ) and baby oil ( purpose ) is an important task for many nlp applications . recent approaches are typically based on either noun - compound representations or paraphrases . while the former has initially shown promising results , recent work suggests that the success stems from memori ←
→ combating human trafficking with deep multimodal models ; human trafficking is a global epidemic affecting millions of people across the planet . sex trafficking , the dominant form of human trafficking , has seen a significant rise mostly due to the abundance of escort websites , where human traffickers can openly advertise among at - will escort advertisements . in this paper , we take a major step in the automatic detection of advertisements suspected to pertain to human trafficking . we present a novel dataset c ←
→ adaptive regularization of some inverse problems in image analysis ; we present an adaptive regularization scheme for optimizing composite energy functionals arising in image analysis problems . the scheme automatically trades off data fidelity and regularization depending on the current data fit during the iterative optimization , so that regularization is strongest initially , and wanes as data fidelity improves , with the weight of the regularizer being minimized at convergence . we also introduce the use of ←
→ named models in coalgebraic hybrid logic ; hybrid logic extends modal logic with support for reasoning about individual states , designated by so - called nominals . we study hybrid logic in the broad context of coalgebraic semantics , where kripke frames are replaced with coalgebras for a given functor , thus covering a wide range of reasoning principles including , e . g ., probabilistic , graded , default , or coalitional operators . specifically , we establish generic criteria for a given coalgebraic hybrid logic to a ←
→ jointdnn : an efficient training and inference engine for intelligent mobile cloud computing services ; deep neural networks are among the most influential architectures of deep learning algorithms , being deployed in many mobile intelligent applications . end - side services , such as intelligent personal assistants ( ipas ), autonomous cars , and smart home services often employ either simple local models or complex remote models on the cloud . mobile - only and cloud - only computations are currently the status quo ←
→ a unified view of large - scale zero - sum equilibrium computation ; the task of computing approximate nash equilibria in large zero - sum extensive - form games has received a tremendous amount of attention due mainly to the annual computer poker competition . immediately after its inception , two competing and seemingly different approaches emerged --- one an application of no - regret online learning , the other a sophisticated gradient method applied to a convex - concave saddle - point formulation . since then , both appro ←
→ the best of both worlds : stochastic and adversarial bandits ; we present a new bandit algorithm , sao ( stochastic and adversarial optimal ), whose regret is , essentially , optimal both for adversarial rewards and for stochastic rewards . specifically , sao combines the square - root worst - case regret of exp3 ( auer et al ., siam j . on computing 2002 ) and the ( poly ) logarithmic regret of ucb1 ( auer et al ., machine learning 2002 ) for stochastic rewards . adversarial rewards and stochastic rewards are the two main settin ←
→ online handwritten devanagari stroke recognition using extended directional features ; this paper describes a new feature set , called the extended directional features ( edf ) for use in the recognition of online handwritten strokes . we use edf specifically to recognize strokes that form a basis for producing devanagari script , which is the most widely used indian language script . it should be noted that stroke recognition in handwritten script is equivalent to phoneme recognition in speech signals and is g ←
→ initial results on the f - logic to owl bi - directional translation on a tabled prolog engine ; in this paper , we show our results on the bi - directional data exchange between the f - logic language supported by the flora2 system and the owl language . most of the tbox and abox axioms are translated preserving the semantics between the two representations , such as : proper inclusion , individual definition , functional properties , while some axioms and restrictions require a change in the semantics , such as : number ←
→ evolutionary design : philosophy , theory , and application tactics ; although it has contributed to remarkable improvements in some specific areas , attempts to develop a universal design theory are generally characterized by failure . this paper sketches arguments for a new approach to engineering design based on semiotics - the science about signs . the approach is to combine different design theories over all the product life cycle stages into one coherent and traceable framework . besides , it is to bring toge ←
→ an exploration of word embedding initialization in deep - learning tasks ; word embeddings are the interface between the world of discrete units of text processing and the continuous , differentiable world of neural networks . in this work , we examine various random and pretrained initialization methods for embeddings used in deep networks and their effect on the performance on four nlp tasks with both recurrent and convolutional architectures . we confirm that pretrained embeddings are a little better than rand ←
→ improved onlooker bee phase in artificial bee colony algorithm ; artificial bee colony ( abc ) is a distinguished optimization strategy that can resolve nonlinear and multifaceted problems . it is comparatively a straightforward and modern population based probabilistic approach for comprehensive optimization . in the vein of the other population based algorithms , abc is moreover computationally classy due to its slow nature of search procedure . the solution exploration equation of abc is extensively influenced ←
→ soft rule ensembles for statistical learning ; in this article supervised learning problems are solved using soft rule ensembles . we first review the importance sampling learning ensembles ( isle ) approach that is useful for generating hard rules . the soft rules are then obtained with logistic regression from the corresponding hard rules . in order to deal with the perfect separation problem related to the logistic regression , firth ' s bias corrected likelihood is used . various examples and simulation results ←
→ email babel : does language affect criminal activity in compromised webmail accounts ? ; we set out to understand the effects of differing language on the ability of cybercriminals to navigate webmail accounts and locate sensitive information in them . to this end , we configured thirty gmail honeypot accounts with english , romanian , and greek language settings . we populated the accounts with email messages in those languages by subscribing them to selected online newsletters . we hid email messages about fake ←
→ closed - form marginal likelihood in gamma - poisson factorization ; we present novel understandings of the gamma - poisson ( gap ) model , a probabilistic matrix factorization model for count data . we show that gap can be rewritten free of the score / activation matrix . this gives us new insights about the estimation of the topic / dictionary matrix by maximum marginal likelihood estimation . in particular , this explains the robustness of this estimator to over - specified values of the factorization rank and in particula ←
→ appearance - based indoor localization : a comparison of patch descriptor performance ; vision is one of the most important of the senses , and humans use it extensively during navigation . we evaluated different types of image and video frame descriptors that could be used to determine distinctive visual landmarks for localizing a person based on what is seen by a camera that they carry . to do this , we created a database containing over 3 km of video - sequences with ground - truth in the form of distance travell ←
→ credal model averaging for classification : representing prior ignorance and expert opinions ; bayesian model averaging ( bma ) is the state of the art approach for overcoming model uncertainty . yet , especially on small data sets , the results yielded by bma might be sensitive to the prior over the models . credal model averaging ( cma ) addresses this problem by substituting the single prior over the models by a set of priors ( credal set ). such approach solves the problem of how to choose the prior over the mod ←
→ towards personalized modeling of the female hormonal cycle : experiments with mechanistic models and gaussian processes ; in this paper , we introduce a novel task for machine learning in healthcare , namely personalized modeling of the female hormonal cycle . the motivation for this work is to model the hormonal cycle and predict its phases in time , both for healthy individuals and for those with disorders of the reproductive system . because there are individual differences in the menstrual cycle , we are par ←
→ a simulator for hedonic games ; hedonic games are meant to model how coalitions of people form and break apart in the real world . however , it is difficult to run simulations when everything must be done by hand on paper . we present an online software that allows fast and visual simulation of several types of hedonic games . http :// lukemiles . org / hedonic - games /←
→ towards personalized human ai interaction - adapting the behavior of ai agents using neural signatures of subjective interest ; reinforcement learning ai commonly uses reward / penalty signals that are objective and explicit in an environment -- e . g . game score , completion time , etc . -- in order to learn the optimal strategy for task performance . however , human - ai interaction for such ai agents should include additional reinforcement that is implicit and subjective -- e . g . human preferences for certain ai b ←
→ synthesizing training data for object detection in indoor scenes ; detection of objects in cluttered indoor environments is one of the key enabling functionalities for service robots . the best performing object detection approaches in computer vision exploit deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) to simultaneously detect and categorize the objects of interest in cluttered scenes . training of such models typically requires large amounts of annotated training data which is time consuming and costly to obtai ←
→ reinforcement learning using quantum boltzmann machines ; we investigate whether quantum annealers with select chip layouts can outperform classical computers in reinforcement learning tasks . we associate a transverse field ising spin hamiltonian with a layout of qubits similar to that of a deep boltzmann machine ( dbm ) and use simulated quantum annealing ( sqa ) to numerically simulate quantum sampling from this system . we design a reinforcement learning algorithm in which the set of visible nodes representin ←
→ fast 3d salient region detection in medical images using gpus ; automated detection of visually salient regions is an active area of research in computer vision . salient regions can serve as inputs for object detectors as well as inputs for region based registration algorithms . in this paper we consider the problem of speeding up computationally intensive bottom - up salient region detection in 3d medical volumes . the method uses the kadir brady formulation of saliency . we show that in the vicinity of a salien ←
→ co - pacrr : a context - aware neural ir model for ad - hoc retrieval ; neural ir models , such as drmm and pacrr , have achieved strong results by successfully capturing relevance matching signals . we argue that the context of these matching signals is also important . intuitively , when extracting , modeling , and combining matching signals , one would like to consider the surrounding text ( local context ) as well as other signals from the same document that can contribute to the overall relevance score . in this work , w ←
→ decoupled learning for factorial marked temporal point processes ; this paper introduces the factorial marked temporal point process model and presents efficient learning methods . in conventional ( multi - dimensional ) marked temporal point process models , event is often encoded by a single discrete variable i . e . a marker . in this paper , we describe the factorial marked point processes whereby time - stamped event is factored into multiple markers . accordingly the size of the infectivity matrix modeling the effe ←
→ associative domain adaptation ; we propose associative domain adaptation , a novel technique for end - to - end domain adaptation with neural networks , the task of inferring class labels for an unlabeled target domain based on the statistical properties of a labeled source domain . our training scheme follows the paradigm that in order to effectively derive class labels for the target domain , a network should produce statistically domain invariant embeddings , while minimizing the classification error on the label ←
→ rethinking reprojection : closing the loop for pose - aware shapereconstruction from a single image ; an emerging problem in computer vision is the reconstruction of 3d shape and pose of an object from a single image . hitherto , the problem has been addressed through the application of canonical deep learning methods to regress from the image directly to the 3d shape and pose labels . these approaches , however , are problematic from two perspectives . first , they are minimizing the error between 3d shapes and po ←
→ an efficient implementation of the simulated annealing heuristic for the quadratic assignment problem ; the quadratic assignment problem ( qap ) is one of the most difficult combinatorial optimization problems . one of the most powerful and commonly used heuristics to obtain approximations to the optimal solution of the qap is simulated annealing ( sa ). we present an efficient implementation of the sa heuristic which performs more than 100 times faster then existing implementations for large problem sizes and ←
→ dr . vae : drug response variational autoencoder ; we present two deep generative models based on variational autoencoders to improve the accuracy of drug response prediction . our models , perturbation variational autoencoder and its semi - supervised extension , drug response variational autoencoder ( dr . vae ), learn latent representation of the underlying gene states before and after drug application that depend on : ( i ) drug - induced biological change of each gene and ( ii ) overall treatment response outcome . our va ←
→ towards better analysis of machine learning models : a visual analytics perspective ; interactive model analysis , the process of understanding , diagnosing , and refining a machine learning model with the help of interactive visualization , is very important for users to efficiently solve real - world artificial intelligence and data mining problems . dramatic advances in big data analytics has led to a wide variety of interactive model analysis tasks . in this paper , we present a comprehensive analysis and inter ←
→ you said that ? ; we present a method for generating a video of a talking face . the method takes as inputs : ( i ) still images of the target face , and ( ii ) an audio speech segment ; and outputs a video of the target face lip synched with the audio . the method runs in real time and is applicable to faces and audio not seen at training time . to achieve this we propose an encoder - decoder cnn model that uses a joint embedding of the face and audio to generate synthesised talking face video frames . the model is tr ←
→ infogan : interpretable representation learning by information maximizing generative adversarial nets ; this paper describes infogan , an information - theoretic extension to the generative adversarial network that is able to learn disentangled representations in a completely unsupervised manner . infogan is a generative adversarial network that also maximizes the mutual information between a small subset of the latent variables and the observation . we derive a lower bound to the mutual information objective t ←
→ augmented cyclegan : learning many - to - many mappings from unpaired data ; learning inter - domain mappings from unpaired data can improve performance in structured prediction tasks , such as image segmentation , by reducing the need for paired data . cyclegan was recently proposed for this problem , but critically assumes the underlying inter - domain mapping is approximately deterministic and one - to - one . this assumption renders the model ineffective for tasks requiring flexible , many - to - many mappings . we propose a n ←
→ learning object detectors from scratch with gated recurrent feature pyramids ; in this paper , we propose gated recurrent feature pyramid for the problem of learning object detection from scratch . our approach is motivated by the recent work of deeply supervised object detector ( dsod ), but explores new network architecture that dynamically adjusts the supervision intensities of intermediate layers for various scales in object detection . the benefits of the proposed method are two - fold : first , we propose a ←
→ large scale biomedical texts classification : a knn and an esa - based approaches ; with the large and increasing volume of textual data , automated methods for identifying significant topics to classify textual documents have received a growing interest . while many efforts have been made in this direction , it still remains a real challenge . moreover , the issue is even more complex as full texts are not always freely available . then , using only partial information to annotate these documents is promising but ←
→ robust method for finding sparse solutions to linear inverse problems using an l2 regularization ; we analyzed the performance of a biologically inspired algorithm called the corrected projections algorithm ( cpa ) when a sparseness constraint is required to unambiguously reconstruct an observed signal using atoms from an overcomplete dictionary . by changing the geometry of the estimation problem , cpa gives an analytical expression for a binary variable that indicates the presence or absence of a dictionary ←
→ granularity - adaptive proof presentation ; when mathematicians present proofs they usually adapt their explanations to their didactic goals and to the ( assumed ) knowledge of their addressees . modern automated theorem provers , in contrast , present proofs usually at a fixed level of detail ( also called granularity ). often these presentations are neither intended nor suitable for human use . a challenge therefore is to develop user - and goal - adaptive proof presentation techniques that obey common mathematical pr ←
→ linguistic reflexes of well - being and happiness in echo ; different theories posit different sources for feelings of well - being and happiness . appraisal theory grounds our emotional responses in our goals and desires and their fulfillment , or lack of fulfillment . self determination theory posits that the basis for well - being rests on our assessment of our competence , autonomy , and social connection . and surveys that measure happiness empirically note that people require their basic needs to be met for food ←
→ performance limits of stochastic sub - gradient learning , part i : single agent case ; in this work and the supporting part ii , we examine the performance of stochastic sub - gradient learning strategies under weaker conditions than usually considered in the literature . the new conditions are shown to be automatically satisfied by several important cases of interest including svm , lasso , and total - variation denoising formulations . in comparison , these problems do not satisfy the traditional assumptions used in ←
→ a conditional random field for discriminatively - trained finite - state string edit distance ; the need to measure sequence similarity arises in information extraction , object identity , data mining , biological sequence analysis , and other domains . this paper presents discriminative string - edit crfs , a finitestate conditional random field model for edit sequences between strings . conditional random fields have advantages over generative approaches to this problem , such as pair hmms or the work of ristad and y ←
→ quantum variational autoencoder ; variational autoencoders ( vaes ) are powerful generative models with the salient ability to perform inference . here , we introduce a \ emph { quantum variational autoencoder } ( qvae ): a vae whose latent generative process is implemented as a quantum boltzmann machine ( qbm ). we show that our model can be trained end - to - end by maximizing a well - defined loss - function : a " quantum " lower - bound to a variational approximation of the log - likelihood . we use quantum monte carlo ( qmc ) simul ←
→ a linear classifier based on entity recognition tools and a statistical approach to method extraction in the protein - protein interaction literature ; we participated , in the article classification and the interaction method subtasks ( act and imt , respectively ) of the protein - protein interaction task of the biocreative iii challenge . for the act , we pursued an extensive testing of available named entity recognition and dictionary tools , and used the most promising ones to extend our variable trigonometric ←
→ deep network guided proof search ; deep learning techniques lie at the heart of several significant ai advances in recent years including object recognition and detection , image captioning , machine translation , speech recognition and synthesis , and playing the game of go . automated first - order theorem provers can aid in the formalization and verification of mathematical theorems and play a crucial role in program analysis , theory reasoning , security , interpolation , and system verification . here we suggest d ←
→ active learning in annotating micro - blogs dealing with e - reputation ; elections unleash strong political views on twitter , but what do people really think about politics ? opinion and trend mining on micro blogs dealing with politics has recently attracted researchers in several fields including information retrieval and machine learning ( ml ). since the performance of ml and natural language processing ( nlp ) approaches are limited by the amount and quality of data available , one promising alternative for som ←
→ knowledge representation on the web revisited : tools for prototype based ontologies ; in recent years rdf and owl have become the most common knowledge representation languages in use on the web , propelled by the recommendation of the w3c . in this paper we present a practical implementation of a different kind of knowledge representation based on prototypes . in detail , we present a concrete syntax easily and effectively parsable by applications . we also present extensible implementations of a prototype kn ←
→ networks utilization improvements for service discovery performance ; service discovery requests ' messages have a vital role in sharing and locating resources in many of service discovery protocols . sending more messages than a link can handle may cause congestion and loss of messages which dramatically influences the performance of these protocols . re - send the lost messages result in latency and inefficiency in performing the tasks which user ( s ) require from the connected nodes . this issue become a serious ←
→ recursive sparse point process regression with application to spectrotemporal receptive field plasticity analysis ; we consider the problem of estimating the sparse time - varying parameter vectors of a point process model in an online fashion , where the observations and inputs respectively consist of binary and continuous time series . we construct a novel objective function by incorporating a forgetting factor mechanism into the point process log - likelihood to enforce adaptivity and employ $\ ell_1 $- regular ←
→ sufficient dimensionality reduction with irrelevant statistics ; the problem of finding a reduced dimensionality representation of categorical variables while preserving their most relevant characteristics is fundamental for the analysis of complex data . specifically , given a co - occurrence matrix of two variables , one often seeks a compact representation of one variable which preserves information about the other variable . we have recently introduced `` sufficient dimensionality reduction ' [ gt - 2003 ], a metho ←
→ detecting sub - topic correspondence through bipartite term clustering ; this paper addresses a novel task of detecting sub - topic correspondence in a pair of text fragments , enhancing common notions of text similarity . this task is addressed by coupling corresponding term subsets through bipartite clustering . the paper presents a cost - based clustering scheme and compares it with a bipartite version of the single - link method , providing illustrating results .←
→ reducing uncertainty in navigation and exploration ; a significant problem in designing mobile robot control systems involves coping with the uncertainty that arises in moving about in an unknown or partially unknown environment and relying on noisy or ambiguous sensor data to acquire knowledge about that environment . we describe a control system that chooses what activity to engage in next on the basis of expectations about how the information re - turned as a result of a given activity will improve 2 its k ←
→ appearance descriptors for person re - identification : a comprehensive review ; in video - surveillance , person re - identification is the task of recognising whether an individual has already been observed over a network of cameras . typically , this is achieved by exploiting the clothing appearance , as classical biometric traits like the face are impractical in real - world video surveillance scenarios . clothing appearance is represented by means of low - level \ textit { local } and / or \ textit { global } features of the ←
→ a minimal span - based neural constituency parser ; in this work , we present a minimal neural model for constituency parsing based on independent scoring of labels and spans . we show that this model is not only compatible with classical dynamic programming techniques , but also admits a novel greedy top - down inference algorithm based on recursive partitioning of the input . we demonstrate empirically that both prediction schemes are competitive with recent work , and when combined with basic extensions to the sc ←
→ deepbach : a steerable model for bach chorales generation ; this paper introduces deepbach , a graphical model aimed at modeling polyphonic music and specifically hymn - like pieces . we claim that , after being trained on the chorale harmonizations by johann sebastian bach , our model is capable of generating highly convincing chorales in the style of bach . deepbach ' s strength comes from the use of pseudo - gibbs sampling coupled with an adapted representation of musical data . this is in contrast with many automati ←
→ deep self - taught learning for remote sensing image classification ; this paper addresses the land cover classification task for remote sensing images by deep self - taught learning . our self - taught learning approach learns suitable feature representations of the input data using sparse representation and undercomplete dictionary learning . we propose a deep learning framework which extracts representations in multiple layers and use the output of the deepest layer as input to a classification algorithm . we eva ←
→ convex optimization for parallel energy minimization ; energy minimization has been an intensely studied core problem in computer vision . with growing image sizes ( 2d and 3d ), it is now highly desirable to run energy minimization algorithms in parallel . but many existing algorithms , in particular , some efficient combinatorial algorithms , are difficult to par - allelize . by exploiting results from convex and submodular theory , we reformulate the quadratic energy minimization problem as a total variation denois ←
→ nodio , a javascript framework for volunteer - based evolutionary algorithms : first results ; javascript is an interpreted language mainly known for its inclusion in web browsers , making them a container for rich internet based applications . this has inspired its use , for a long time , as a tool for evolutionary algorithms , mainly so in browser - based volunteer computing environments . several libraries have also been published so far and are in use . however , the last years have seen a resurgence of interest i ←
→ fast computation of subpath kernel for trees ; the kernel method is a potential approach to analyzing structured data such as sequences , trees , and graphs ; however , unordered trees have not been investigated extensively . kimura et al . ( 2011 ) proposed a kernel function for unordered trees on the basis of their subpaths , which are vertical substructures of trees responsible for hierarchical information in them . their kernel exhibits practically good performance in terms of accuracy and speed ; however , linear -←
→ algorithmes de classification et d ' optimisation : participation du lia / adoc á deft ' 14 ; this year , the deft campaign ( d \' efi fouilles de textes ) incorporates a task which aims at identifying the session in which articles of previous taln conferences were presented . we describe the three statistical systems developed at lia / adoc for this task . a fusion of these systems enables us to obtain interesting results ( micro - precision score of 0 . 76 measured on the test corpus )←
→ a general framework for density based time series clustering exploiting a novel admissible pruning strategy ; time series clustering is an important subroutine in many higher - level data mining analyses , including data editing for classifiers , summarization , and outlier detection . it is well known that for similarity search the superiority of dynamic time warping ( dtw ) over euclidean distance gradually diminishes as we consider ever larger datasets . however , as we shall show , the same is not true for clust ←
→ fine grained citation span for references in wikipedia ; \ emph { verifiability } is one of the core editing principles in wikipedia , editors being encouraged to provide citations for the added content . for a wikipedia article , determining the \ emph { citation span } of a citation , i . e . what content is covered by a citation , is important as it helps decide for which content citations are still missing . we are the first to address the problem of determining the \ emph { citation span } in wikipedia articles . we appro ←
→ unsupervised object discovery and localization in the wild : part - based matching with bottom - up region proposals ; this paper addresses unsupervised discovery and localization of dominant objects from a noisy image collection with multiple object classes . the setting of this problem is fully unsupervised , without even image - level annotations or any assumption of a single dominant class . this is far more general than typical colocalization , cosegmentation , or weakly - supervised localization tasks . we tackle ←
→ a spectral method for activity shaping in continuous - time information cascades ; information cascades model captures dynamical properties of user activity in a social network . in this work , we develop a novel framework for activity shaping under the continuous - time information cascades model which allows the administrator for local control actions by allocating targeted resources that can alter the spread of the process . our framework employs the optimization of the spectral radius of the hazard matrix , a ←
→ testing the limits of unsupervised learning for semantic similarity ; semantic similarity between two sentences can be defined as a way to determine how related or unrelated two sentences are . the task of semantic similarity in terms of distributed representations can be thought to be generating sentence embeddings ( dense vectors ) which take both context and meaning of sentence in account . such embeddings can be produced by multiple methods , in this paper we try to evaluate lstm auto encoders for generating ←
→ real - time grasp detection using convolutional neural networks ; we present an accurate , real - time approach to robotic grasp detection based on convolutional neural networks . our network performs single - stage regression to graspable bounding boxes without using standard sliding window or region proposal techniques . the model outperforms state - of - the - art approaches by 14 percentage points and runs at 13 frames per second on a gpu . our network can simultaneously perform classification so that in a single step ←
→ an image processing of a raphael ' s portrait of leonardo ; in one of his paintings , the school of athens , raphael is depicting leonardo da vinci as the philosopher plato . some image processing tools can help us in comparing this portrait with two leonardo ' s portraits , considered as self - portraits .←
→ impact of batch size on stopping active learning for text classification ; when using active learning , smaller batch sizes are typically more efficient from a learning efficiency perspective . however , in practice due to speed and human annotator considerations , the use of larger batch sizes is necessary . while past work has shown that larger batch sizes decrease learning efficiency from a learning curve perspective , it remains an open question how batch size impacts methods for stopping active learning . we ←
→ on the use of harrell ' s c for clinical risk prediction via random survival forests ; random survival forests ( rsf ) are a powerful method for risk prediction of right - censored outcomes in biomedical research . rsf use the log - rank split criterion to form an ensemble of survival trees . the most common approach to evaluate the prediction accuracy of a rsf model is harrell ' s concordance index for survival data (' c index '). conceptually , this strategy implies that the split criterion in rsf is different from th ←
→ cbinfer : change - based inference for convolutional neural networks on video data ; extracting per - frame features using convolutional neural networks for real - time processing of video data is currently mainly performed on powerful gpu - accelerated workstations and compute clusters . however , there are many applications such as smart surveillance cameras that require or would benefit from on - site processing . to this end , we propose and evaluate a novel algorithm for change - based evaluation of cnns for video da ←
→ image credibility analysis with effective domain transferred deep networks ; numerous fake images spread on social media today and can severely jeopardize the credibility of online content to public . in this paper , we employ deep networks to learn distinct fake image related features . in contrast to authentic images , fake images tend to be eye - catching and visually striking . compared with traditional visual recognition tasks , it is extremely challenging to understand these psychologically triggered visual ←
→ two new definitions of stable models of logic programs with generalized quantifiers ; we present alternative definitions of the first - order stable model semantics and its extension to incorporate generalized quantifiers by referring to the familiar notion of a reduct instead of referring to the sm operator in the original definitions . also , we extend the flp stable model semantics to allow generalized quantifiers by referring to an operator that is similar to the $\ sm $ operator . for a reasonable syntactic ←
→ optimal v2g scheduling of electric vehicles and unit commitment using chemical reaction optimization ; an electric vehicle ( ev ) may be used as energy storage which allows the bi - directional electricity flow between the vehicle ' s battery and the electric power grid . in order to flatten the load profile of the electricity system , ev scheduling has become a hot research topic in recent years . in this paper , we propose a new formulation of the joint scheduling of ev and unit commitment ( uc ), called evuc . our ←
→ personalized and private peer - to - peer machine learning ; the rise of connected personal devices together with privacy concerns call for machine learning algorithms capable of leveraging the data of a large number of agents to learn personalized models under strong privacy requirements . in this paper , we introduce an efficient algorithm to address the above problem in a fully decentralized ( peer - to - peer ) and asynchronous fashion , with provable convergence rate . we show how to make the algorithm differentiall ←
→ rise of the humanbot ; the accelerated path of technological development , particularly at the interface between hardware and biology has been suggested as evidence for future major technological breakthroughs associated to our potential to overcome biological constraints . this includes the potential of becoming immortal , having expanded cognitive capacities thanks to hardware implants or the creation of intelligent machines . here i argue that several relevant evolutionary and structural constraints might pr ←
→ phrase - based machine translation is state - of - the - art for automatic grammatical error correction ; in this work , we study parameter tuning towards the m ^ 2 metric , the standard metric for automatic grammar error correction ( gec ) tasks . after implementing m ^ 2 as a scorer in the moses tuning framework , we investigate interactions of dense and sparse features , different optimizers , and tuning strategies for the conll - 2014 shared task . we notice erratic behavior when optimizing sparse feature weights with m ^ 2 a ←
→ scalable sparse subspace clustering by orthogonal matching pursuit ; subspace clustering methods based on $\ ell_1 $, $\ ell_2 $ or nuclear norm regularization have become very popular due to their simplicity , theoretical guarantees and empirical success . however , the choice of the regularizer can greatly impact both theory and practice . for instance , $\ ell_1 $ regularization is guaranteed to give a subspace - preserving affinity ( i . e ., there are no connections between points from different subspaces ) under broad ←
→ gpu - based image analysis on mobile devices ; with the rapid advances in mobile technology many mobile devices are capable of capturing high quality images and video with their embedded camera . this paper investigates techniques for real - time processing of the resulting images , particularly on - device utilizing a graphical processing unit . issues and limitations of image processing on mobile devices are discussed , and the performance of graphical processing units on a range of devices measured through a progr ←
→ modeling industrial admet data with multitask networks ; deep learning methods such as multitask neural networks have recently been applied to ligand - based virtual screening and other drug discovery applications . using a set of industrial admet datasets , we compare neural networks to standard baseline models and analyze multitask learning effects with both random cross - validation and a more relevant temporal validation scheme . we confirm that multitask learning can provide modest benefits over single - task m ←
→ learning with group invariant features : a kernel perspective ; we analyze in this paper a random feature map based on a theory of invariance i - theory introduced recently . more specifically , a group invariant signal signature is obtained through cumulative distributions of group transformed random projections . our analysis bridges invariant feature learning with kernel methods , as we show that this feature map defines an expected haar integration kernel that is invariant to the specified group action . we sho ←
→ reversible image authentication with tamper localization based on integer wavelet transform ; in this paper , a new reversible image authentication technique with tamper localization based on watermarking in integer wavelet transform is proposed . if the image authenticity is verified , then the distortion due to embedding the watermark can be completely removed from the watermarked image . if the image is tampered , then the tampering positions can also be localized . two layers of watermarking are used . the f ←
→ segmentation rectification for video cutout via one - class structured learning ; recent works on interactive video object cutout mainly focus on designing dynamic foreground - background ( fb ) classifiers for segmentation propagation . however , the research on optimally removing errors from the fb classification is sparse , and the errors often accumulate rapidly , causing significant errors in the propagated frames . in this work , we take the initial steps to addressing this problem , and we call this new task \ e ←
→ deep multi - instance networks with sparse label assignment for whole mammogram classification ; mammogram classification is directly related to computer - aided diagnosis of breast cancer . traditional methods requires great effort to annotate the training data by costly manual labeling and specialized computational models to detect these annotations during test . inspired by the success of using deep convolutional features for natural image analysis and multi - instance learning for labeling a set of instances /←
→ ju_ks @ sail_codemixed - 2017 : sentiment analysis for indian code mixed social media texts ; this paper reports about our work in the nlp tool contest @ icon - 2017 , shared task on sentiment analysis for indian languages ( sail ) ( code mixed ). to implement our system , we have used a machine learning algo - rithm called multinomial na \" ive bayes trained using n - gram and sentiwordnet features . we have also used a small sentiwordnet for english and a small sentiwordnet for bengali . but we have not used any sentiwordnet ←
→ features , projections , and representation change for generalized planning ; generalized planning is concerned with the characterization and computation of plans that solve many instances at once . in the standard formulation , a generalized plan is a mapping from feature or observation histories into actions , assuming that the instances share a common pool of features and actions . this assumption , however , excludes the standard relational planning domains where actions and objects change across instances . i ←
→ redefining part - of - speech classes with distributional semantic models ; this paper studies how word embeddings trained on the british national corpus interact with part of speech boundaries . our work targets the universal pos tag set , which is currently actively being used for annotation of a range of languages . we experiment with training classifiers for predicting pos tags for words based on their embeddings . the results show that the information about pos affiliation contained in the distributional vecto ←
→ twitter user geolocation using a unified text and network prediction model ; we propose a label propagation approach to geolocation prediction based on modified adsorption , with two enhancements :( 1 ) the removal of " celebrity " nodes to increase location homophily and boost tractability , and ( 2 ) he incorporation of text - based geolocation priors for test users . experiments over three twitter benchmark datasets achieve state - of - the - art results , and demonstrate the effectiveness of the enhancements .←
→ learning bilingual word representations by marginalizing alignments ; we present a probabilistic model that simultaneously learns alignments and distributed representations for bilingual data . by marginalizing over word alignments the model captures a larger semantic context than prior work relying on hard alignments . the advantage of this approach is demonstrated in a cross - lingual classification task , where we outperform the prior published state of the art .←
→ clustering of modal valued symbolic data ; symbolic data analysis is based on special descriptions of data - symbolic objects ( so ). such descriptions preserve more detailed information about units and their clusters than the usual representations with mean values . a special kind of symbolic object is a representation with frequency or probability distributions ( modal values ). this representation enables us to consider in the clustering process the variables of all measurement types at the same time . in the ←
→ l1 regularization is better than l2 for learning and predicting chaotic systems ; emergent behaviors are in the focus of recent research interest . it is then of considerable importance to investigate what optimizations suit the learning and prediction of chaotic systems , the putative candidates for emergence . we have compared l1 and l2 regularizations on predicting chaotic time series using linear recurrent neural networks . the internal representation and the weights of the networks were optimized in a un ←
→ resolution - limit - free and local non - negative matrix factorization quality functions for graph clustering ; many graph clustering quality functions suffer from a resolution limit , the inability to find small clusters in large graphs . so called resolution - limit - free quality functions do not have this limit . this property was previously introduced for hard clustering , that is , graph partitioning . we investigate the resolution - limit - free property in the context of non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) for ←
→ kernelized locality - sensitive hashing for semi - supervised agglomerative clustering ; large scale agglomerative clustering is hindered by computational burdens . we propose a novel scheme where exact inter - instance distance calculation is replaced by the hamming distance between kernelized locality - sensitive hashing ( klsh ) hashed values . this results in a method that drastically decreases computation time . additionally , we take advantage of certain labeled data points via distance metric learning to achieve ←
→ probabilistic inferences in bayesian networks ; bayesian network is a complete model for the variables and their relationships , it can be used to answer probabilistic queries about them . a bayesian network can thus be considered a mechanism for automatically applying bayes ' theorem to complex problems . in the application of bayesian networks , most of the work is related to probabilistic inferences . any variable updating in any node of bayesian networks might result in the evidence propagation across the bay ←
→ evolving intraday foreign exchange trading strategies utilizing multiple instruments price series ; we propose a genetic programming architecture for the generation of foreign exchange trading strategies . the system ' s principal features are the evolution of free - form strategies which do not rely on any prior models and the utilization of price series from multiple instruments as input data . this latter feature constitutes an innovation with respect to previous works documented in literature . in this artic ←
→ event - based camera pose tracking using a generative event model ; event - based vision sensors mimic the operation of biological retina and they represent a major paradigm shift from traditional cameras . instead of providing frames of intensity measurements synchronously , at artificially chosen rates , event - based cameras provide information on brightness changes asynchronously , when they occur . such non - redundant pieces of information are called " events ". these sensors overcome some of the limitations of trad ←
→ thompson sampling for stochastic bandits with graph feedback ; we present a novel extension of thompson sampling for stochastic sequential decision problems with graph feedback , even when the graph structure itself is unknown and / or changing . we provide theoretical guarantees on the bayesian regret of the algorithm , linking its performance to the underlying properties of the graph . thompson sampling has the advantage of being applicable without the need to construct complicated upper confidence bounds for d ←
→ generative adversarial networks ; we propose a new framework for estimating generative models via an adversarial process , in which we simultaneously train two models : a generative model g that captures the data distribution , and a discriminative model d that estimates the probability that a sample came from the training data rather than g . the training procedure for g is to maximize the probability of d making a mistake . this framework corresponds to a minimax two - player game . in the space of arbitrary func ←
→ selective inference for change point detection in multi - dimensional sequences ; we study the problem of detecting change points ( cps ) that are characterized by a subset of dimensions in a multi - dimensional sequence . a method for detecting those cps can be formulated as a two - stage method : one for selecting relevant dimensions , and another for selecting cps . it has been difficult to properly control the false detection probability of these cp detection methods because selection bias in each stage must be p ←
→ pooling facial segments to face : the shallow and deep ends ; generic face detection algorithms do not perform very well in the mobile domain due to significant presence of occluded and partially visible faces . one promising technique to handle the challenge of partial faces is to design face detectors based on facial segments . in this paper two such face detectors namely , segface and deepsegface , are proposed that detect the presence of a face given arbitrary combinations of certain face segments . both meth ←
→ divide - and - conquer learning by anchoring a conical hull ; we reduce a broad class of machine learning problems , usually addressed by em or sampling , to the problem of finding the $ k $ extremal rays spanning the conical hull of a data point set . these $ k $ " anchors " lead to a global solution and a more interpretable model that can even outperform em and sampling on generalization error . to find the $ k $ anchors , we propose a novel divide - and - conquer learning scheme " dca " that distributes the problem to $\ mathca ←
→ unravelling robustness of deep learning based face recognition against adversarial attacks ; deep neural network ( dnn ) architecture based models have high expressive power and learning capacity . however , they are essentially a black box method since it is not easy to mathematically formulate the functions that are learned within its many layers of representation . realizing this , many researchers have started to design methods to exploit the drawbacks of deep learning based algorithms questioning their rob ←
→ automated software vulnerability detection with machine learning ; thousands of security vulnerabilities are discovered in production software each year , either reported publicly to the common vulnerabilities and exposures database or discovered internally in proprietary code . vulnerabilities often manifest themselves in subtle ways that are not obvious to code reviewers or the developers themselves . with the wealth of open source code available for analysis , there is an opportunity to learn the patterns of ←
→ hyperspectral classification with adaptively weighted l1 - norm regularization and spatial postprocessing ; sparse regression methods have been proven effective in a wide range of signal processing problems such as image compression , speech coding , channel equalization , linear regression and classification . in this paper a new convex method of hyperspectral image classification is developed based on the sparse unmixing algorithm sunsal for which a pixel adaptive l1 - norm regularization term is introduced . to ←
→ recurrent neural network grammars ; we introduce recurrent neural network grammars , probabilistic models of sentences with explicit phrase structure . we explain efficient inference procedures that allow application to both parsing and language modeling . experiments show that they provide better parsing in english than any single previously published supervised generative model and better language modeling than state - of - the - art sequential rnns in english and chinese .←
→ evaluating vector - space models of analogy ; vector - space representations provide geometric tools for reasoning about the similarity of a set of objects and their relationships . recent machine learning methods for deriving vector - space embeddings of words ( e . g ., word2vec ) have achieved considerable success in natural language processing . these vector spaces have also been shown to exhibit a surprising capacity to capture verbal analogies , with similar results for natural images , giving new life to a classic ←
→ learning surrogate models of document image quality metrics for automated document image processing ; computation of document image quality metrics often depends upon the availability of a ground truth image corresponding to the document . this limits the applicability of quality metrics in applications such as hyperparameter optimization of image processing algorithms that operate on - the - fly on unseen documents . this work proposes the use of surrogate models to learn the behavior of a given document quali ←
→ relational learning and feature extraction by querying over heterogeneous information networks ; many real world systems need to operate on heterogeneous information networks that consist of numerous interacting components of different types . examples include systems that perform data analysis on biological information networks ; social networks ; and information extraction systems processing unstructured data to convert raw text to knowledge graphs . many previous works describe specialized approaches to pe ←
→ modelling and analysis of temporal preference drifts using a component - based factorised latent approach ; the changes in user preferences can originate from substantial reasons , like personality shift , or transient and circumstantial ones , like seasonal changes in item popularities . disregarding these temporal drifts in modelling user preferences can result in unhelpful recommendations . moreover , different temporal patterns can be associated with various preference domains , and preference components and t ←
→ flower categorization using deep convolutional neural networks ; we have developed a deep learning network for classification of different flowers . for this , we have used visual geometry group ' s 102 category flower dataset having 8189 images of 102 different flowers from university of oxford . the method is basically divided into two parts ; image segmentation and classification . we have compared the performance of two different convolutional neural network architectures googlenet and alexnet for classificati ←
→ dac - h3 : a proactive robot cognitive architecture to acquire and express knowledge about the world and the self ; this paper introduces a cognitive architecture for a humanoid robot to engage in a proactive , mixed - initiative exploration and manipulation of its environment , where the initiative can originate from both the human and the robot . the framework , based on a biologically - grounded theory of the brain and mind , integrates a reactive interaction engine , a number of state - of - the - art perceptual and mot ←
→ improving visually grounded sentence representations with self - attention ; sentence representation models trained only on language could potentially suffer from the grounding problem . recent work has shown promising results in improving the qualities of sentence representations by jointly training them with associated image features . however , the grounding capability is limited due to distant connection between input sentences and image features by the design of the architecture . in order to further close t ←
→ unsupervised word sense disambiguation in dynamic semantic spaces ; in this paper , we are mainly concerned with the ability to quickly and automatically distinguish word senses in dynamic semantic spaces in which new terms and new senses appear frequently . such spaces are built '" on the fly " from constantly evolving data sets such as wikipedia , repositories of patent grants and applications , or large sets of legal documents for technology assisted review and e - discovery . this immediacy rules out supervision ←
→ inverse reinforcement learning with conditional choice probabilities ; we make an important connection to existing results in econometrics to describe an alternative formulation of inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ). in particular , we describe an algorithm using conditional choice probabilities ( ccp ), which are maximum likelihood estimates of the policy estimated from expert demonstrations , to solve the irl problem . using the language of structural econometrics , we re - frame the optimal decision problem an ←
→ clustering with t - sne , provably ; t - distributed stochastic neighborhood embedding ( t - sne ), a clustering and visualization method proposed by van der maaten & hinton in 2008 , has rapidly become a standard tool in a number of natural sciences . despite its overwhelming success , there is a distinct lack of mathematical foundations and the inner workings of the algorithm are not well understood . the purpose of this paper is to prove that t - sne is able to recover well - separated clusters ; more precisely , we prove ←
→ learning markov network structure using brownian distance covariance ; in this paper , we present a simple non - parametric method for learning the structure of undirected graphs from data that drawn from an underlying unknown distribution . we propose to use brownian distance covariance to estimate the conditional independences between the random variables and encodes pairwise markov graph . this framework can be applied in high - dimensional setting , where the number of parameters much be larger than the sample ←
→ data distillation : towards omni - supervised learning ; we investigate omni - supervised learning , a special regime of semi - supervised learning in which the learner exploits all available labeled data plus internet - scale sources of unlabeled data . omni - supervised learning is lower - bounded by performance on existing labeled datasets , offering the potential to surpass state - of - the - art fully supervised methods . to exploit the omni - supervised setting , we propose data distillation , a method that ensembles prediction ←
→ russe : the first workshop on russian semantic similarity ; the paper gives an overview of the russian semantic similarity evaluation ( russe ) shared task held in conjunction with the dialogue 2015 conference . there exist a lot of comparative studies on semantic similarity , yet no analysis of such measures was ever performed for the russian language . exploring this problem for the russian language is even more interesting , because this language has features , such as rich morphology and free word order , which ←
→ online and batch learning algorithms for data with missing features ; we introduce new online and batch algorithms that are robust to data with missing features , a situation that arises in many practical applications . in the online setup , we allow for the comparison hypothesis to change as a function of the subset of features that is observed on any given round , extending the standard setting where the comparison hypothesis is fixed throughout . in the batch setup , we present a convex relation of a non - conve ←
→ convolutional clustering for unsupervised learning ; the task of labeling data for training deep neural networks is daunting and tedious , requiring millions of labels to achieve the current state - of - the - art results . such reliance on large amounts of labeled data can be relaxed by exploiting hierarchical features via unsupervised learning techniques . in this work , we propose to train a deep convolutional network based on an enhanced version of the k - means clustering algorithm , which reduces the number of cor ←
→ memory based online learning of deep representations from video streams ; we present a novel online unsupervised method for face identity learning from video streams . the method exploits deep face descriptors together with a memory based learning mechanism that takes advantage of the temporal coherence of visual data . specifically , we introduce a discriminative feature matching solution based on reverse nearest neighbour and a feature forgetting strategy that detect redundant features and discard them appro ←
→ segflow : joint learning for video object segmentation and optical flow ; this paper proposes an end - to - end trainable network , segflow , for simultaneously predicting pixel - wise object segmentation and optical flow in videos . the proposed segflow has two branches where useful information of object segmentation and optical flow is propagated bidirectionally in a unified framework . the segmentation branch is based on a fully convolutional network , which has been proved effective in image segmentation task , and ←
→ combining symbolic and function evaluation expressions in neural programs ; neural programming involves training neural networks to learn programs from data . previous works have failed to achieve good generalization performance , especially on programs with high complexity or on large domains . this is because they mostly rely either on black - box function evaluations that do not capture the structure of the program , or on detailed execution traces that are expensive to obtain , and hence the training data ha ←
→ a history of cluster analysis using the classification society ' s bibliography over four decades ; the classification literature automated search service , an annual bibliography based on citation of one or more of a set of around 80 book or journal publications , ran from 1972 to 2012 . we analyze here the years 1994 to 2011 . the classification society ' s service , as it was termed , has been produced by the classification society . in earlier decades it was distributed as a diskette or cd with the journal of cl ←
→ fusion of range and thermal images for person detection ; detecting people in images is a challenging problem . differences in pose , clothing and lighting , along with other factors , cause a lot of variation in their appearance . to overcome these issues , we propose a system based on fused range and thermal infrared images . these measurements show considerably less variation and provide more meaningful information . we provide a brief introduction to the sensor technology used and propose a calibration method . ←
→ deep face feature for face alignment ; in this paper , we present a deep learning based image feature extraction method designed specifically for face images . to train the feature extraction model , we construct a large scale photo - realistic face image dataset with ground - truth correspondence between multi - view face images , which are synthesized from real photographs via an inverse rendering procedure . the deep face feature ( dff ) is trained using correspondence between face images rendered from different view ←
→ from conditional oughts to qualitative decision theory ; the primary theme of this investigation is a decision theoretic account of conditional ought statements ( e . g ., " you ought to do a , if c ") that rectifies glaring deficiencies in classical deontic logic . the resulting account forms a sound basis for qualitative decision theory , thus providing a framework for qualitative planning under uncertainty . in particular , we show that adding causal relationships ( in the form of a single graph ) as part of an epist ←
→ pcm and apcm revisited : an uncertainty perspective ; in this paper , we take a new look at the possibilistic c - means ( pcm ) and adaptive pcm ( apcm ) clustering algorithms from the perspective of uncertainty . this new perspective offers us insights into the clustering process , and also provides us greater degree of flexibility . we analyze the clustering behavior of pcm - based algorithms and introduce parameters $\ sigma_v $ and $\ alpha $ to characterize uncertainty of estimated bandwidth and noise level of the data ←
→ predictive coding for dynamic visual processing : development of functional hierarchy in a multiple spatio - temporal scales rnn model ; the current paper proposes a novel predictive coding type neural network model , the predictive multiple spatio - temporal scales recurrent neural network ( p - mstrnn ). the p - mstrnn learns to predict visually perceived human whole - body cyclic movement patterns by exploiting multiscale spatio - temporal constraints imposed on network dynamics by using differently sized receptive fi ←
→ the neural network pushdown automaton : model , stack and learning simulations ; in order for neural networks to learn complex languages or grammars , they must have sufficient computational power or resources to recognize or generate such languages . though many approaches have been discussed , one ob - vious approach to enhancing the processing power of a recurrent neural network is to couple it with an external stack memory - in effect creating a neural network pushdown automata ( nnpda ). this paper discusses ←
→ ambiguity set and learning via bregman and wasserstein ; construction of ambiguity set in robust optimization relies on the choice of divergences between probability distributions . in distribution learning , choosing appropriate probability distributions based on observed data is critical for approximating the true distribution . to improve the performance of machine learning models , there has recently been interest in designing objective functions based on lp - wasserstein distance rather than the classical ku ←
→ a map - mrf filter for phase - sensitive coil combination in autocalibrating partially parallel susceptibility weighted mri ; a statistical approach for combination of channel phases is developed for optimizing the contrast - to - noise ratio ( cnr ) in susceptibility weighted images ( swi ) acquired using autocalibrating partially parallel techniques . the unwrapped phase images of each coil are filtered using local random field based probabilistic weights , derived using energy functions representative of noisy sensi ←
→ progressive and multi - path holistically nested neural networks for pathological lung segmentation from ct images ; pathological lung segmentation ( pls ) is an important , yet challenging , medical image application due to the wide variability of pathological lung appearance and shape . because pls is often a pre - requisite for other imaging analytics , methodological simplicity and generality are key factors in usability . along those lines , we present a bottom - up deep - learning based approach that is expressive ←
→ block - sparse recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are used in state - of - the - art models in domains such as speech recognition , machine translation , and language modelling . sparsity is a technique to reduce compute and memory requirements of deep learning models . sparse rnns are easier to deploy on devices and high - end server processors . even though sparse operations need less compute and memory relative to their dense counterparts , the speed - up observed by using sparse operations is le ←
→ a study on artificial intelligence iq and standard intelligent model ; currently , potential threats of artificial intelligence ( ai ) to human have triggered a large controversy in society , behind which , the nature of the issue is whether the artificial intelligence ( ai ) system can be evaluated quantitatively . this article analyzes and evaluates the challenges that the ai development level is facing , and proposes that the evaluation methods for the human intelligence test and the ai system are not uniform ; an ←
→ a multi - plane block - coordinate frank - wolfe algorithm for training structural svms with a costly max - oracle ; structural support vector machines ( ssvms ) are amongst the best performing models for structured computer vision tasks , such as semantic image segmentation or human pose estimation . training ssvms , however , is computationally costly , because it requires repeated calls to a structured prediction subroutine ( called \ emph { max - oracle }), which has to solve an optimization problem itself , e . g . a graph cu ←
→ mlitb : machine learning in the browser ; with few exceptions , the field of machine learning ( ml ) research has largely ignored the browser as a computational engine . beyond an educational resource for ml , the browser has vast potential to not only improve the state - of - the - art in ml research , but also , inexpensively and on a massive scale , to bring sophisticated ml learning and prediction to the public at large . this paper introduces mlitb , a prototype ml framework written entirely in javascript , capable of p ←
→ multi - task learning for mental health using social media text ; we introduce initial groundwork for estimating suicide risk and mental health in a deep learning framework . by modeling multiple conditions , the system learns to make predictions about suicide risk and mental health at a low false positive rate . conditions are modeled as tasks in a multi - task learning ( mtl ) framework , with gender prediction as an additional auxiliary task . we demonstrate the effectiveness of multi - task learning by comparison to ←
→ building a word segmenter for sanskrit overnight ; there is an abundance of digitised texts available in sanskrit . however , the word segmentation task in such texts are challenging due to the issue of ' sandhi '. in sandhi , words in a sentence often fuse together to form a single chunk of text , where the word delimiter vanishes and sounds at the word boundaries undergo transformations , which is also reflected in the written text . here , we propose an approach that uses a deep sequence to sequence ( seq2seq ) mod ←
→ generalized dropout ; deep neural networks often require good regularizers to generalize well . dropout is one such regularizer that is widely used among deep learning practitioners . recent work has shown that dropout can also be viewed as performing approximate bayesian inference over the network parameters . in this work , we generalize this notion and introduce a rich family of regularizers which we call generalized dropout . one set of methods in this family , called dropout ++, is a version of dropout with t ←
→ human social interaction modeling using temporal deep networks ; we present a novel approach to computational modeling of social interactions based on modeling of essential social interaction predicates ( esips ) such as joint attention and entrainment . based on sound social psychological theory and methodology , we collect a new " tower game " dataset consisting of audio - visual capture of dyadic interactions labeled with the esips . we expect this dataset to provide a new avenue for research in computational soc ←
→ question answering : from partitions to prolog ; we implement groenendijk and stokhof ' s partition semantics of questions in a simple question answering algorithm . the algorithm is sound , complete , and based on tableau theorem proving . the algorithm relies on a syntactic characterization of answerhood : any answer to a question is equivalent to some formula built up only from instances of the question . we prove this characterization by translating the logic of interrogation to classical predicate logic and app ←
→ quicknat : segmenting mri neuroanatomy in 20 seconds ; whole brain segmentation from structural magnetic resonance imaging is a prerequisite for most morphological analyses , but requires hours of processing time and therefore delays the availability of image markers after scan acquisition . we introduce quicknat , a fully convolution neural network that segments a brain scan in 20 seconds . to enable training of the complex network with limited annotated data , we propose to pre - train on auxiliary labels created ←
→ monte carlo planning method estimates planning horizons during interactive social exchange ; reciprocating interactions represent a central feature of all human exchanges . they have been the target of various recent experiments , with healthy participants and psychiatric populations engaging as dyads in multi - round exchanges such as a repeated trust task . behaviour in such exchanges involves complexities related to each agent ' s preference for equity with their partner , beliefs about the partner ' s appetite ←
→ enabling bio - plausible multi - level stdp using cmos neurons with dendrites and bistable rrams ; large - scale integration of emerging nanoscale non - volatile memory devices , e . g . resistive random - access memory ( rram ), can enable a new generation of neuromorphic computers that can solve a wide range of machine learning problems . such hybrid cmos - rram neuromorphic architectures will result in several orders of magnitude reduction in energy consumption at a very small form factor , and herald autonomous learning ←
→ no blind spots : full - surround multi - object tracking for autonomous vehicles using cameras & lidars ; online multi - object tracking ( mot ) is extremely important for high - level spatial reasoning and path planning for autonomous and highly - automated vehicles . in this paper , we present a modular framework for tracking multiple objects ( vehicles ), capable of accepting object proposals from different sensor modalities ( vision and range ) and a variable number of sensors , to produce continuous object tracks . this ←
→ minimum description length induction , bayesianism , and kolmogorov complexity ; the relationship between the bayesian approach and the minimum description length approach is established . we sharpen and clarify the general modeling principles mdl and mml , abstracted as the ideal mdl principle and defined from bayes ' s rule by means of kolmogorov complexity . the basic condition under which the ideal principle should be applied is encapsulated as the fundamental inequality , which in broad terms states that the ←
→ a state - based regression formulation for domains with sensing actions < br > and incomplete information ; we present a state - based regression function for planning domains where an agent does not have complete information and may have sensing actions . we consider binary domains and employ a three - valued characterization of domains with sensing actions to define the regression function . we prove the soundness and completeness of our regression formulation with respect to the definition of progression . more sp ←
→ graph - theoretic spatiotemporal context modeling for video saliency detection ; as an important and challenging problem in computer vision , video saliency detection is typically cast as a spatiotemporal context modeling problem over consecutive frames . as a result , a key issue in video saliency detection is how to effectively capture the intrinsical properties of atomic video structures as well as their associated contextual interactions along the spatial and temporal dimensions . motivated by this observat ←
→ spectral filtering for general linear dynamical systems ; we give a polynomial - time algorithm for learning latent - state linear dynamical systems without system identification , and without assumptions on the spectral radius of the system ' s transition matrix . the algorithm extends the recently introduced technique of spectral filtering , previously applied only to systems with a symmetric transition matrix , using a novel convex relaxation to allow for the efficient identification of phases .←
→ combining deep universal features , semantic attributes , and hierarchical classification for zero - shot learning ; we address zero - shot ( zs ) learning , building upon prior work in hierarchical classification by combining it with approaches based on semantic attribute estimation . for both non - novel and novel image classes we compare multiple formulations of the problem , starting with deep universal features in each case . we investigate the effect of using different posterior probabilities as inputs to the hie ←
→ an iterative algorithm for computed tomography image reconstruction from limited - angle projections ; in application of tomography imaging , limited - angle problem is a quite practical and important issue . in this paper , an iterative reprojection - reconstruction ( irr ) algorithm using a modified papoulis - gerchberg ( pg ) iterative scheme is developed for reconstruction from limited - angle projections which contain noise . the proposed algorithm has two iterative update processes , one is the extrapolation of unknow ←
→ the hangulphabet : a descriptive alphabet ; this paper describes the hangulphabet , a new writing system that should prove useful in a number of contexts . using the hangulphabet , a user can instantly see voicing , manner and place of articulation of any phoneme found in human language . the hangulphabet places consonant graphemes on a grid with the x - axis representing the place of articulation and the y - axis representing manner of articulation . each individual grapheme contains radicals from both axes where the ←
→ about compression of vocabulary in computer oriented languages ; the author uses the entropy of the ideal bose - einstein gas to minimize losses in computer - oriented languages .←
→ one - step and two - step classification for abusive language detection on twitter ; automatic abusive language detection is a difficult but important task for online social media . our research explores a two - step approach of performing classification on abusive language and then classifying into specific types and compares it with one - step approach of doing one multi - class classification for detecting sexist and racist languages . with a public english twitter corpus of 20 thousand tweets in the type of sexis ←
→ predicting risk - of - readmission for congestive heart failure patients : a multi - layer approach ; mitigating risk - of - readmission of congestive heart failure ( chf ) patients within 30 days of discharge is important because such readmissions are not only expensive but also critical indicator of provider care and quality of treatment . accurately predicting the risk - of - readmission may allow hospitals to identify high - risk patients and eventually improve quality of care by identifying factors that contribute to su ←
→ a discriminatively learned cnn embedding for person re - identification ; we revisit two popular convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) in person re - identification ( re - id ), i . e , verification and classification models . the two models have their respective advantages and limitations due to different loss functions . in this paper , we shed light on how to combine the two models to learn more discriminative pedestrian descriptors . specifically , we propose a new siamese network that simultaneously computes identificat ←
→ variational lossy autoencoder ; representation learning seeks to expose certain aspects of observed data in a learned representation that ' s amenable to downstream tasks like classification . for instance , a good representation for 2d images might be one that describes only global structure and discards information about detailed texture . in this paper , we present a simple but principled method to learn such global representations by combining variational autoencoder ( vae ) with neural autoregressive models su ←
→ on the projection operator to a three - view cardinality constrained set ; the cardinality constraint is an intrinsic way to restrict the solution structure in many domains , for example , sparse learning , feature selection , and compressed sensing . to solve a cardinality constrained problem , the key challenge is to solve the projection onto the cardinality constraint set , which is np - hard in general when there exist multiple overlapped cardinality constraints . in this paper , we consider the scenario where the o ←
→ higher - order pooling of cnn features via kernel linearization for action recognition ; most successful deep learning algorithms for action recognition extend models designed for image - based tasks such as object recognition to video . such extensions are typically trained for actions on single video frames or very short clips , and then their predictions from sliding - windows over the video sequence are pooled for recognizing the action at the sequence level . usually this pooling step uses the first - order sta ←
→ automatic detection of reuses and citations in literary texts ; for more than forty years now , modern theories of literature ( compagnon , 1979 ) insist on the role of paraphrases , rewritings , citations , reciprocal borrowings and mutual contributions of any kinds . the notions of intertextuality , transtextuality , hypertextuality / hypotextuality , were introduced in the seventies and eighties to approach these phenomena . the careful analysis of these references is of particular interest in evaluating the distance ←
→ confusion matrix stability bounds for multiclass classification ; in this paper , we provide new theoretical results on the generalization properties of learning algorithms for multiclass classification problems . the originality of our work is that we propose to use the confusion matrix of a classifier as a measure of its quality ; our contribution is in the line of work which attempts to set up and study the statistical properties of new evaluation measures such as , e . g . roc curves . in the confusion - based le ←
→ stronger generalization bounds for deep nets via a compression approach ; deep nets generalize well despite having more parameters than the number of training samples . recent works try to give an explanation using pac - bayes and margin - based analyses , but do not as yet result in sample complexity bounds better than naive parameter counting . the current paper shows generalization bounds that ' re orders of magnitude better in practice . these rely upon new succinct reparametrizations of the trained net --- a com ←
→ dbc based face recognition using dwt ; the applications using face biometric has proved its reliability in last decade . in this paper , we propose dbc based face recognition using dwt ( dbc - fr ) model . the poly - u near infra red ( nir ) database images are scanned and cropped to get only the face part in pre - processing . the face part is resized to 100 * 100 and dwt is applied to derive ll , lh , hl and hh subbands . the ll subband of size 50 * 50 is converted into 100 cells with 5 * 5 dimention of each cell . the directio ←
→ probabilistic program abstractions ; abstraction is a fundamental tool for reasoning about complex systems . program abstraction has been utilized to great effect for analyzing deterministic programs . at the heart of program abstraction is the relationship between a concrete program , which is difficult to analyze , and an abstract program , which is more tractable . program abstractions , however , are typically not probabilistic . we generalize non - deterministic program abstractions to probabilistic program abstr ←
→ hierarchical classification of e - commerce related social media ; in this paper , we attempt to classify tweets into root categories of the amazon browse node hierarchy using a set of tweets with browse node id labels , a much larger set of tweets without labels , and a set of amazon reviews . examining twitter data presents unique challenges in that the samples are short ( under 140 characters ) and often contain misspellings or abbreviations that are trivial for a human to decipher but difficult for a computer t ←
→ video paragraph captioning using hierarchical recurrent neural networks ; we present an approach that exploits hierarchical recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) to tackle the video captioning problem , i . e ., generating one or multiple sentences to describe a realistic video . our hierarchical framework contains a sentence generator and a paragraph generator . the sentence generator produces one simple short sentence that describes a specific short video interval . it exploits both temporal - and spatial - attention me ←
→ on the diversity of realistic image synthesis ; many image processing tasks can be formulated as translating images between two image domains , such as colorization , super resolution and conditional image synthesis . in most of these tasks , an input image may correspond to multiple outputs . however , current existing approaches only show very minor diversity of the outputs . in this paper , we present a novel approach to synthesize diverse realistic images corresponding to a semantic layout . we introduce a diver ←
→ generating extrema approximation of analytically incomputable functions through usage of parallel computer aided genetic algorithms ; this paper presents capabilities of using genetic algorithms to find approximations of function extrema , which cannot be found using analytic ways . to enhance effectiveness of calculations , algorithm has been parallelized using openmp library . we gained much increase in speed on platforms using multithreaded processors with shared memory free access . during analysis we used ←
→ learning sparse neural networks through $ l_0 $ regularization ; we propose a practical method for $ l_0 $ norm regularization for neural networks : pruning the network during training by encouraging weights to become exactly zero . such regularization is interesting since ( 1 ) it can greatly speed up training and inference , and ( 2 ) it can improve generalization . aic and bic , well - known model selection criteria , are special cases of $ l_0 $ regularization . however , since the $ l_0 $ norm of weights is non - differentiab ←
→ a general framework for interacting bayes - optimally with self - interested agents using arbitrary parametric model and model prior ; recent advances in bayesian reinforcement learning ( brl ) have shown that bayes - optimality is theoretically achievable by modeling the environment ' s latent dynamics using flat - dirichlet - multinomial ( fdm ) prior . in self - interested multi - agent environments , the transition dynamics are mainly controlled by the other agent ' s stochastic behavior for which fdm ' s independence and mode ←
→ maximum principle based algorithms for deep learning ; the continuous dynamical system approach to deep learning is explored in order to devise alternative frameworks for training algorithms . training is recast as a control problem and this allows us to formulate necessary optimality conditions in continuous time using the pontryagin ' s maximum principle ( pmp ). a modification of the method of successive approximations is then used to solve the pmp , giving rise to an alternative training algorithm for deep le ←
→ a feature - enriched neural model for joint chinese word segmentation and part - of - speech tagging ; recently , neural network models for natural language processing tasks have been increasingly focused on for their ability of alleviating the burden of manual feature engineering . however , the previous neural models cannot extract the complicated feature compositions as the traditional methods with discrete features . in this work , we propose a feature - enriched neural model for joint chinese word segmentation an ←
→ gradient descent quantizes relu network features ; deep neural networks are often trained in the over - parametrized regime ( i . e . with far more parameters than training examples ), and understanding why the training converges to solutions that generalize remains an open problem . several studies have highlighted the fact that the training procedure , i . e . mini - batch stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) leads to solutions that have specific properties in the loss landscape . however , even with plain gradient descent ←
→ across neighbourhood search for numerical optimization ; population - based search algorithms ( pbsas ), including swarm intelligence algorithms ( sias ) and evolutionary algorithms ( eas ), are competitive alternatives for solving complex optimization problems and they have been widely applied to real - world optimization problems in different fields . in this study , a novel population - based across neighbourhood search ( ans ) is proposed for numerical optimization . ans is motivated by two straightforward assumptions a ←
→ on the duality between retinex and image dehazing ; image dehazing deals with the removal of undesired loss of visibility in outdoor images due to the presence of fog . retinex is a color vision model mimicking the ability of the human visual system to robustly discount varying illuminations when observing a scene under different spectral lighting conditions . retinex has been widely explored in the computer vision literature for image enhancement and other related tasks . while these two problems are apparent ←
→ it takes two to tango : towards theory of ai ' s mind ; theory of mind is the ability to attribute mental states ( beliefs , intents , knowledge , perspectives , etc .) to others and recognize that these mental states may differ from one ' s own . theory of mind is critical to effective communication and to teams demonstrating higher collective performance . to effectively leverage the progress in artificial intelligence ( ai ) to make our lives more productive , it is important for humans and ai to work well together in a ←
→ visual noise from natural scene statistics reveals human scene category representations ; our perceptions are guided both by the bottom - up information entering our eyes , as well as our top - down expectations of what we will see . although bottom - up visual processing has been extensively studied , comparatively little is known about top - down signals . here , we describe reveal ( representations envisioned via evolutionary algorithm ), a method for visualizing an observer ' s internal representation of a complex , re ←
→ highway and residual networks learn unrolled iterative estimation ; the past year saw the introduction of new architectures such as highway networks and residual networks which , for the first time , enabled the training of feedforward networks with dozens to hundreds of layers using simple gradient descent . while depth of representation has been posited as a primary reason for their success , there are indications that these architectures defy a popular view of deep learning as a hierarchical computation of i ←
→ optimal demand response using device based reinforcement learning ; demand response ( dr ) for residential and small commercial buildings is estimated to account for as much as 65 % of the total energy savings potential of dr , and previous work shows that a fully automated energy management system ( ems ) is a necessary prerequisite to dr in these areas . in this paper , we propose a novel ems formulation for dr problems in these sectors . specifically , we formulate a fully automated ems ' s rescheduling problem as a ←
→ residual codean autoencoder for facial attribute analysis ; facial attributes can provide rich ancillary information which can be utilized for different applications such as targeted marketing , human computer interaction , and law enforcement . this research focuses on facial attribute prediction using a novel deep learning formulation , termed as r - codean autoencoder . the paper first presents cosine similarity based loss function in an autoencoder which is then incorporated into the euclidean distance based a ←
→ corpus statistics in text classification of online data ; transformation of machine learning ( ml ) from a boutique science to a generally accepted technology has increased importance of reproduction and transportability of ml studies . in the current work , we investigate how corpus characteristics of textual data sets correspond to text classification results . we work with two data sets gathered from sub - forums of an online health - related forum . our empirical results are obtained for a multi - class sentiment a ←
→ a logic for reasoning about upper probabilities ; we present a propositional logic % which can be used to reason about the uncertainty of events , where the uncertainty is modeled by a set of probability measures assigning an interval of probability to each event . we give a sound and complete axiomatization for the logic , and show that the satisfiability problem is np - complete , no harder than satisfiability for propositional logic .←
→ a face - like structure detection on planet and satellite surfaces using image processing ; this paper demonstrates that face - like structures are everywhere , and can be de - tected automatically even with computers . huge amount of satellite images of the earth , the moon , the mars are explored and many interesting face - like structure are detected . throughout this fact , we believe that science and technologies can alert people not to easily become an occultist .←
→ emr - based medical knowledge representation and inference via markov random fields and distributed representation learning ; objective : electronic medical records ( emrs ) contain an amount of medical knowledge which can be used for clinical decision support ( cds ). our objective is a general system that can extract and represent these knowledge contained in emrs to support three cds tasks : test recommendation , initial diagnosis , and treatment plan recommendation , with the given condition of one patient . meth ←
→ loss - proportional subsampling for subsequent erm ; we propose a sampling scheme suitable for reducing a data set prior to selecting a hypothesis with minimum empirical risk . the sampling only considers a subset of the ultimate ( unknown ) hypothesis set , but can nonetheless guarantee that the final excess risk will compare favorably with utilizing the entire original data set . we demonstrate the practical benefits of our approach on a large dataset which we subsample and subsequently fit with boosted trees .←
→ learning visual n - grams from web data ; real - world image recognition systems need to recognize tens of thousands of classes that constitute a plethora of visual concepts . the traditional approach of annotating thousands of images per class for training is infeasible in such a scenario , prompting the use of webly supervised data . this paper explores the training of image - recognition systems on large numbers of images and associated user comments . in particular , we develop visual n - gram models that can predic ←
→ a hybrid approach to word sense disambiguation combining supervised and unsupervised learning ; in this paper , we are going to find meaning of words based on distinct situations . word sense disambiguation is used to find meaning of words based on live contexts using supervised and unsupervised approaches . unsupervised approaches use online dictionary for learning , and supervised approaches use manual learning sets . hand tagged data are populated which might not be effective and sufficient for learning pro ←
→ ludics and its applications to natural language semantics ; proofs , in ludics , have an interpretation provided by their counter - proofs , that is the objects they interact with . we follow the same idea by proposing that sentence meanings are given by the counter - meanings they are opposed to in a dialectical interaction . the conception is at the intersection of a proof - theoretic and a game - theoretic accounts of semantics , but it enlarges them by allowing to deal with possibly infinite processes .←
→ anisotropic agglomerative adaptive mean - shift ; mean shift today , is widely used for mode detection and clustering . the technique though , is challenged in practice due to assumptions of isotropicity and homoscedasticity . we present an adaptive mean shift methodology that allows for full anisotropic clustering , through unsupervised local bandwidth selection . the bandwidth matrices evolve naturally , adapting locally through agglomeration , and in turn guiding further agglomeration . the online methodology is pr ←
→ margin - based feed - forward neural network classifiers ; margin - based principle has been proposed for a long time , it has been proved that this principle could reduce the structural risk and improve the performance in both theoretical and practical aspects . meanwhile , feed - forward neural network is a traditional classifier , which is very hot at present with a deeper architecture . however , the training algorithm of feed - forward neural network is developed and generated from widrow - hoff principle that means to ←
→ an infinite latent attribute model for network data ; latent variable models for network data extract a summary of the relational structure underlying an observed network . the simplest possible models subdivide nodes of the network into clusters ; the probability of a link between any two nodes then depends only on their cluster assignment . currently available models can be classified by whether clusters are disjoint or are allowed to overlap . these models can explain a " flat " clustering structure . hierarchi ←
→ true online emphatic td ($ λ $): quick reference and implementation guide ; this document is a guide to the implementation of true online emphatic td ($\ lambda $), a model - free temporal - difference algorithm for learning to make long - term predictions which combines the emphasis idea ( sutton , mahmood & white 2015 ) and the true - online idea ( van seijen & sutton 2014 ). the setting used here includes linear function approximation , the possibility of off - policy training , and all the generality of general value functi ←
→ high performance novel skin segmentation algorithm for images with complex background ; skin segmentation is widely used in biometric applications such as face detection , face recognition , face tracking , and hand gesture recognition . however , several challenges such as nonlinear illumination , equipment effects , personal interferences , ethnicity variations , etc ., are involved in detection process that result in the inefficiency of color based methods . even though many ideas have already been proposed , the ←
→ on enhancing the performance of nearest neighbour classifiers using hassanat distance metric ; we showed in this work how the hassanat distance metric enhances the performance of the nearest neighbour classifiers . the results demonstrate the superiority of this distance metric over the traditional and most - used distances , such as manhattan distance and euclidian distance . moreover , we proved that the hassanat distance metric is invariant to data scale , noise and outliers . throughout this work , it is clear ←
→ dual - loco : distributing statistical estimation using random projections ; we present dual - loco , a communication - efficient algorithm for distributed statistical estimation . dual - loco assumes that the data is distributed according to the features rather than the samples . it requires only a single round of communication where low - dimensional random projections are used to approximate the dependences between features available to different workers . we show that dual - loco has bounded approximation error which on ←
→ joint estimation of camera pose , depth , deblurring , and super - resolution from a blurred image sequence ; the conventional methods for estimating camera poses and scene structures from severely blurry or low resolution images often result in failure . the off - the - shelf deblurring or super - resolution methods may show visually pleasing results . however , applying each technique independently before matching is generally unprofitable because this naive series of procedures ignores the consistency between images ←
→ enabling factor analysis on thousand - subject neuroimaging datasets ; the scale of functional magnetic resonance image data is rapidly increasing as large multi - subject datasets are becoming widely available and high - resolution scanners are adopted . the inherent low - dimensionality of the information in this data has led neuroscientists to consider factor analysis methods to extract and analyze the underlying brain activity . in this work , we consider two recent multi - subject factor analysis methods : the share ←
→ provable benefits of representation learning ; there is general consensus that learning representations is useful for a variety of reasons , e . g . efficient use of labeled data ( semi - supervised learning ), transfer learning and understanding hidden structure of data . popular techniques for representation learning include clustering , manifold learning , kernel - learning , autoencoders , boltzmann machines , etc . to study the relative merits of these techniques , it ' s essential to formalize the definition and goals ←
→ clustering - driven deep embedding with pairwise constraints ; recently , there has been increasing interest to leverage the competence of neural networks to analyze data . in particular , new clustering methods that employ deep embeddings have been presented . in this paper , we depart from centroid - based models and suggest a new framework , called clustering - driven deep embedding with pairwise constraints ( cpac ), for non - parametric clustering using a neural network . we present a clustering - driven embedding based ←
→ interactive decomposition multi - objective optimization via progressively learned value functions ; decomposition has become an increasingly popular technique for evolutionary multi - objective optimization ( emo ). a decomposition - based emo algorithm is usually designed to approximate a whole pareto - optimal front ( pf ). however , in practice , the decision maker ( dm ) might only be interested in her / his region of interest ( roi ), i . e ., a part of the pf . solutions outside that might be useless or even noisy to the ←
→ autonomous requirements specification processing using natural language processing ; we describe our ongoing research that centres on the application of natural language processing ( nlp ) to software engineering and systems development activities . in particular , this paper addresses the use of nlp in the requirements analysis and systems design processes . we have developed a prototype toolset that can assist the systems analyst or software engineer to select and verify terms relevant to a project . in this ←
→ a note on the pac bayesian theorem ; we prove general exponential moment inequalities for averages of [ 0 , 1 ]- valued iid random variables and use them to tighten the pac bayesian theorem . the logarithmic dependence on the sample count in the enumerator of the pac bayesian bound is halved .←
→ optimal rates for random fourier features ; kernel methods represent one of the most powerful tools in machine learning to tackle problems expressed in terms of function values and derivatives due to their capability to represent and model complex relations . while these methods show good versatility , they are computationally intensive and have poor scalability to large data as they require operations on gram matrices . in order to mitigate this serious computational limitation , recently randomized constructi ←
→ learning dense facial correspondences in unconstrained images ; we present a minimalistic but effective neural network that computes dense facial correspondences in highly unconstrained rgb images . our network learns a per - pixel flow and a matchability mask between 2d input photographs of a person and the projection of a textured 3d face model . to train such a network , we generate a massive dataset of synthetic faces with dense labels using renderings of a morphable face model with variations in pose , expre ←
→ stochastic optimization algorithms ; when looking for a solution , deterministic methods have the enormous advantage that they do find global optima . unfortunately , they are very cpu - intensive , and are useless on untractable np - hard problems that would require thousands of years for cutting - edge computers to explore . in order to get a result , one needs to revert to stochastic algorithms , that sample the search space without exploring it thoroughly . such algorithms can find very good results , without any guar ←
→ nonlinear systems identification using deep dynamic neural networks ; neural networks are known to be effective function approximators . recently , deep neural networks have proven to be very effective in pattern recognition , classification tasks and human - level control to model highly nonlinear realworld systems . this paper investigates the effectiveness of deep neural networks in the modeling of dynamical systems with complex behavior . three deep neural network structures are trained on sequential data , and ←
→ distributed coordinate descent method for learning with big data ; in this paper we develop and analyze hydra : hybrid coordinate descent method for solving loss minimization problems with big data . we initially partition the coordinates ( features ) and assign each partition to a different node of a cluster . at every iteration , each node picks a random subset of the coordinates from those it owns , independently from the other computers , and in parallel computes and applies updates to the selected coordinates ←
→ multi - relevance transfer learning ; transfer learning aims to faciliate learning tasks in a label - scarce target domain by leveraging knowledge from a related source domain with plenty of labeled data . often times we may have multiple domains with little or no labeled data as targets waiting to be solved . most existing efforts tackle target domains separately by modeling the ` source - target ' pairs without exploring the relatedness between them , which would cause loss of crucial information , thus failing to ac ←
→ few - shot image recognition by predicting parameters from activations ; in this paper , we are interested in the few - shot learning problem . in particular , we focus on a challenging scenario where the number of categories is large and the number of examples per novel category is very limited , e . g . 1 , 2 , or 3 . motivated by the close relationship between the parameters and the activations in a neural network associated with the same category , we propose a novel method that can adapt a pre - trained neural network ←
→ constrained fractional set programs and their application in local clustering and community detection ; the ( constrained ) minimization of a ratio of set functions is a problem frequently occurring in clustering and community detection . as these optimization problems are typically np - hard , one uses convex or spectral relaxations in practice . while these relaxations can be solved globally optimally , they are often too loose and thus lead to results far away from the optimum . in this paper we show that every ←
→ evolved policy gradients ; we propose a meta - learning approach for learning gradient - based reinforcement learning ( rl ) algorithms . the idea is to evolve a differentiable loss function , such that an agent , which optimizes its policy to minimize this loss , will achieve high rewards . the loss is parametrized via temporal convolutions over the agent ' s experience . because this loss is highly flexible in its ability to take into account the agent ' s history , it enables fast task learning and eliminates the need fo ←
→ a comparative study of arabic handwritten characters invariant feature ; this paper is practically interested in the unchangeable feature of arabic handwritten character . it presents results of comparative study achieved on certain features extraction techniques of handwritten character , based on hough transform , fourier transform , wavelet transform and gabor filter . obtained results show that hough transform and gabor filter are insensible to the rotation and translation , fourier transform is sensible to t ←
→ stratified graphical models - context - specific independence in graphical models ; theory of graphical models has matured over more than three decades to provide the backbone for several classes of models that are used in a myriad of applications such as genetic mapping of diseases , credit risk evaluation , reliability and computer security , etc . despite of their generic applicability and wide adoptance , the constraints imposed by undirected graphical models and bayesian networks have also been recognized t ←
→ foundations of probability theory for ai - the application of algorithmic probability to problems in artificial intelligence ; this paper covers two topics : first an introduction to algorithmic complexity theory : how it defines probability , some of its characteristic properties and past successful applications . second , we apply it to problems in a . i . - where it promises to give near optimum search procedures for two very broad classes of problems .←
→ a simple hierarchical pooling data structure for loop closure ; we propose a data structure obtained by hierarchically averaging bag - of - word descriptors during a sequence of views that achieves average speedups in large - scale loop closure applications ranging from 4 to 20 times on benchmark datasets . although simple , the method works as well as sophisticated agglomerative schemes at a fraction of the cost with minimal loss of performance .←
→ gabor filter and rough clustering based edge detection ; this paper introduces an efficient edge detection method based on gabor filter and rough clustering . the input image is smoothed by gabor function , and the concept of rough clustering is used to focus on edge detection with soft computational approach . hysteresis thresholding is used to get the actual output , i . e . edges of the input image . to show the effectiveness , the proposed technique is compared with some other edge detection methods .←
→ guarded resolution for answer set programming ; we describe a variant of resolution rule of proof and show that it is complete for stable semantics of logic programs . we show applications of this result .←
→ self - taught convolutional neural networks for short text clustering ; short text clustering is a challenging problem due to its sparseness of text representation . here we propose a flexible self - taught convolutional neural network framework for short text clustering ( dubbed stc ^ 2 ), which can flexibly and successfully incorporate more useful semantic features and learn non - biased deep text representation in an unsupervised manner . in our framework , the original raw text features are firstly embedded into com ←
→ learning binary residual representations for domain - specific video streaming ; we study domain - specific video streaming . specifically , we target a streaming setting where the videos to be streamed from a server to a client are all in the same domain and they have to be compressed to a small size for low - latency transmission . several popular video streaming services , such as the video game streaming services of geforce now and twitch , fall in this category . while conventional video compression standards su ←
→ nonparametric sparse representation ; this paper suggests a nonparametric scheme to find the sparse solution of the underdetermined system of linear equations in the presence of unknown impulsive or non - gaussian noise . this approach is robust against any variations of the noise model and its parameters . it is based on minimization of rank pseudo norm of the residual signal and l_1 - norm of the signal of interest , simultaneously . we use the steepest descent method to find the sparse solution via an iterative ←
→ learning identity mappings with residual gates ; we propose a new layer design by adding a linear gating mechanism to shortcut connections . by using a scalar parameter to control each gate , we provide a way to learn identity mappings by optimizing only one parameter . we build upon the motivation behind residual networks , where a layer is reformulated in order to make learning identity mappings less problematic to the optimizer . the augmentation introduces only one extra parameter per layer , and provides eas ←
→ encoding phases using commutativity and non - commutativity in a logical framework ; this article presents an extension of minimalist categorial gram - mars ( mcg ) to encode chomsky ' s phases . these grammars are based on par - tially commutative logic ( pcl ) and encode properties of minimalist grammars ( mg ) of stabler . the first implementation of mcg were using both non - commutative properties ( to respect the linear word order in an utterance ) and commutative ones ( to model features of different constituents ). h ←
→ joint estimation of multiple graphical models from high dimensional time series ; in this manuscript we consider the problem of jointly estimating multiple graphical models in high dimensions . we assume that the data are collected from n subjects , each of which consists of t possibly dependent observations . the graphical models of subjects vary , but are assumed to change smoothly corresponding to a measure of closeness between subjects . we propose a kernel based method for jointly estimating all graphical ←
→ is deep learning safe for robot vision ? adversarial examples against the icub humanoid ; deep neural networks have been widely adopted in recent years , exhibiting impressive performances in several application domains . it has however been shown that they can be fooled by adversarial examples , i . e ., images altered by a barely - perceivable adversarial noise , carefully crafted to mislead classification . in this work , we aim to evaluate the extent to which robot - vision systems embodying deep - learning algorithm ←
→ temporal learning and sequence modeling for a job recommender system ; we present our solution to the job recommendation task for recsys challenge 2016 . the main contribution of our work is to combine temporal learning with sequence modeling to capture complex user - item activity patterns to improve job recommendations . first , we propose a time - based ranking model applied to historical observations and a hybrid matrix factorization over time re - weighted interactions . second , we exploit sequence properties in ←
→ sémantique des déterminants dans un cadre richement typé ; the variation of word meaning according to the context leads us to enrich the type system of our syntactical and semantic analyser of french based on categorial grammars and montague semantics ( or lambda - drt ). the main advantage of a deep semantic analyse is too represent meaning by logical formulae that can be easily used e . g . for inferences . determiners and quantifiers play a fundamental role in the construction of those formulae . but in our rich ←
→ a neural network assembly memory model with maximum - likelihood recall and recognition properties ; it has been shown that a neural network model recently proposed to describe basic memory performance is based on a ternary / binary coding / decoding algorithm which leads to a new neural network assembly memory model ( nnamm ) providing maximum - likelihood recall / recognition properties and implying a new memory unit architecture with hopfield two - layer network , n - channel time gate , auxiliary reference memory , and ←
→ enhancing workflow - nets with data for trace completion ; the growing adoption of it - systems for modeling and executing ( business ) processes or services has thrust the scientific investigation towards techniques and tools which support more complex forms of process analysis . many of them , such as conformance checking , process alignment , mining and enhancement , rely on complete observation of past ( tracked and logged ) executions . in many real cases , however , the lack of human or it - support on all the steps of ←
→ value directed exploration in multi - armed bandits with structured priors ; multi - armed bandits are a quintessential machine learning problem requiring the balancing of exploration and exploitation . while there has been progress in developing algorithms with strong theoretical guarantees , there has been less focus on practical near - optimal finite - time performance . in this paper , we propose an algorithm for bayesian multi - armed bandits that utilizes value - function - driven online planning techniques . building o ←
→ sparse attentive backtracking : long - range credit assignment in recurrent networks ; a major drawback of backpropagation through time ( bptt ) is the difficulty of learning long - term dependencies , coming from having to propagate credit information backwards through every single step of the forward computation . this makes bptt both computationally impractical and biologically implausible . for this reason , full backpropagation through time is rarely used on long sequences , and truncated backpropagation through ←
→ multi - view fuzzy clustering with minimax optimization for effective clustering of data from multiple sources ; multi - view data clustering refers to categorizing a data set by making good use of related information from multiple representations of the data . it becomes important nowadays because more and more data can be collected in a variety of ways , in different settings and from different sources , so each data set can be represented by different sets of features to form different views of it . many appro ←
→ ee - grad : exploration and exploitation for cost - efficient mini - batch sgd ; we present a generic framework for trading off fidelity and cost in computing stochastic gradients when the costs of acquiring stochastic gradients of different quality are not known a priori . we consider a mini - batch oracle that distributes a limited query budget over a number of stochastic gradients and aggregates them to estimate the true gradient . since the optimal mini - batch size depends on the unknown cost - fidelity function , we ←
→ automatic labelling of topics with neural embeddings ; topics generated by topic models are typically represented as list of terms . to reduce the cognitive overhead of interpreting these topics for end - users , we propose labelling a topic with a succinct phrase that summarises its theme or idea . using wikipedia document titles as label candidates , we compute neural embeddings for documents and words to select the most relevant labels for topics . compared to a state - of - the - art topic labelling system , our meth ←
→ emotionlines : an emotion corpus of multi - party conversations ; feeling emotion is a critical characteristic to distinguish people from machines . among all the multi - modal resources for emotion detection , textual datasets are those containing the least additional information in addition to semantics , and hence are adopted widely for testing the developed systems . however , most of the textual emotional datasets consist of emotion labels of only individual words , sentences or documents , which makes it challeng ←
→ learning from networked examples ; many machine learning algorithms are based on the assumption that training examples are drawn independently . however , this assumption does not hold anymore when learning from a networked sample because two or more training examples may share some common objects , and hence share the features of these shared objects . we show that the classic approach of ignoring this problem potentially can have a harmful effect on the accuracy of statistics , and then consider alternatives . ←
→ expectation propagation for t - exponential family using q - algebra ; exponential family distributions are highly useful in machine learning since their calculation can be performed efficiently through natural parameters . the exponential family has recently been extended to the t - exponential family , which contains student - t distributions as family members and thus allows us to handle noisy data well . however , since the t - exponential family is denied by the deformed exponential , we cannot derive an efficient le ←
→ on data - dependent random features for improved generalization in supervised learning ; the randomized - feature approach has been successfully employed in large - scale kernel approximation and supervised learning . the distribution from which the random features are drawn impacts the number of features required to efficiently perform a learning task . recently , it has been shown that employing data - dependent randomization improves the performance in terms of the required number of random features . in this pape ←
→ maximum a posteriori inference in sum - product networks ; sum - product networks ( spns ) are a class of probabilistic graphical models that allow tractable marginal inference . however , the maximum a posteriori ( map ) inference in spns is np - hard . we investigate map inference in spns from both theoretical and algorithmic perspectives . for the theoretical part , we reduce general map inference to its special case without evidence and hidden variables ; we also show that it is np - hard to approximate the map problem t ←
→ a sufficient condition on monotonic increase of the number of nonzero entry in the optimizer of l1 norm penalized least - square problem ; the $\ ell $- 1 norm based optimization is widely used in signal processing , especially in recent compressed sensing theory . this paper studies the solution path of the $\ ell $- 1 norm penalized least - square problem , whose constrained form is known as least absolute shrinkage and selection operator ( lasso ). a solution path is the set of all the optimizers with respect to the ←
→ training better cnns requires to rethink relu ; with the rapid development of deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ), numerous works focus on designing better network architectures ( i . e ., alexnet , vgg , inception , resnet and densenet etc .). nevertheless , all these networks have the same characteristic : each convolutional layer is followed by an activation layer , a rectified linear unit ( relu ) layer is the most used among them . in this work , we argue that the paired module with 1 : 1 convolution and relu ra ←
→ a convolutional neural network neutrino event classifier ; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been widely applied in the computer vision community to solve complex problems in image recognition and analysis . we describe an application of the cnn technology to the problem of identifying particle interactions in sampling calorimeters used commonly in high energy physics and high energy neutrino physics in particular . following a discussion of the core concepts of cnns and recent innovations in cnn arch ←
→ gred : graph - regularized 3d shape reconstruction from highly anisotropic and noisy images ; analysis of microscopy images can provide insight into many biological processes . one particularly challenging problem is cell nuclear segmentation in highly anisotropic and noisy 3d image data . manually localizing and segmenting each and every cell nuclei is very time consuming , which remains a bottleneck in large scale biological experiments . in this work we present a tool for automated segmentation of cell nuclei ←
→ stance detection in turkish tweets ; stance detection is a classification problem in natural language processing where for a text and target pair , a class result from the set { favor , against , neither } is expected . it is similar to the sentiment analysis problem but instead of the sentiment of the text author , the stance expressed for a particular target is investigated in stance detection . in this paper , we present a stance detection tweet data set for turkish comprising stance annotations of these tweets f ←
→ iterated support vector machines for distance metric learning ; distance metric learning aims to learn from the given training data a valid distance metric , with which the similarity between data samples can be more effectively evaluated for classification . metric learning is often formulated as a convex or nonconvex optimization problem , while many existing metric learning algorithms become inefficient for large scale problems . in this paper , we formulate metric learning as a kernel classification problem ,←
→ r - btn : cross - domain face composite and synthesis from limited facial patches ; we start by asking an interesting yet challenging question , " if an eyewitness can only recall the eye features of the suspect , such that the forensic artist can only produce a sketch of the eyes ( e . g ., the top - left sketch shown in fig . 1 ), can advanced computer vision techniques help generate the whole face image ?" a more generalized question is that if a large proportion ( e . g ., more than 50 %) of the face / sketch is missing , can ←
→ a tube - and - droplet - based approach for representing and analyzing motion trajectories ; trajectory analysis is essential in many applications . in this paper , we address the problem of representing motion trajectories in a highly informative way , and consequently utilize it for analyzing trajectories . our approach first leverages the complete information from given trajectories to construct a thermal transfer field which provides a context - rich way to describe the global motion pattern in a scene . then , a 3 ←
→ identifying significant predictive bias in classifiers ; we present a novel subset scan method to detect if a probabilistic binary classifier has statistically significant bias -- over or under predicting the risk -- for some subgroup , and identify the characteristics of this subgroup . this form of model checking and goodness - of - fit test provides a way to interpretably detect the presence of classifier bias or regions of poor classifier fit . this allows consideration of not just subgroups of a priori intere ←
→ neural attribute machines for program generation ; recurrent neural networks have achieved remarkable success at generating sequences with complex structures , thanks to advances that include richer embeddings of input and cures for vanishing gradients . trained only on sequences from a known grammar , though , they can still struggle to learn rules and constraints of the grammar . neural attribute machines ( nams ) are equipped with a logical machine that represents the underlying grammar , which is used to teac ←
→ tight performance bounds for compressed sensing with group sparsity ; compressed sensing refers to the recovery of a high - dimensional but sparse vector using a small number of linear measurements . minimizing the $\ ell_1 $- norm is among the more popular approaches for compressed sensing . a recent paper by cai and zhang has provided the " best possible " bounds for $\ ell_1 $- norm minimization to achieve robust sparse recovery ( a formal statement of compressed sensing ). in some applications , " group sparsity " is mo ←
→ orthogonal least squares algorithm for the approximation of a map and its derivatives with a rbf network ; radial basis function networks ( rbfns ) are used primarily to solve curve - fitting problems and for non - linear system modeling . several algorithms are known for the approximation of a non - linear curve from a sparse data set by means of rbfns . however , there are no procedures that permit to define constrains on the derivatives of the curve . in this paper , the orthogonal least squares algorithm for the i ←
→ distantly labeling data for large scale cross - document coreference ; cross - document coreference , the problem of resolving entity mentions across multi - document collections , is crucial to automated knowledge base construction and data mining tasks . however , the scarcity of large labeled data sets has hindered supervised machine learning research for this task . in this paper we develop and demonstrate an approach based on `` distantly - labeling '' a data set from which we can train a discriminative cross - documen ←
→ exploring the influence of scale on artist attribution ; previous work has shown that the artist of an artwork can be identified by use of computational methods that analyse digital images . however , the digitised artworks are often investigated at a coarse scale discarding many of the important details that may define an artist ' s style . in recent years high resolution images of artworks have become available , which , combined with increased processing power and new computational techniques , allow us to analy ←
→ an adaptive strategy for the classification of g - protein coupled receptors ; one of the major problems in computational biology is the inability of existing classification models to incorporate expanding and new domain knowledge . this problem of static classification models is addressed in this paper by the introduction of incremental learning for problems in bioinformatics . many machine learning tools have been applied to this problem using static machine learning structures such as neural networks or su ←
→ on - line learning of an unlearnable true teacher through mobile ensemble teachers ; on - line learning of a hierarchical learning model is studied by a method from statistical mechanics . in our model a student of a simple perceptron learns from not a true teacher directly , but ensemble teachers who learn from the true teacher with a perceptron learning rule . since the true teacher and the ensemble teachers are expressed as non - monotonic perceptron and simple ones , respectively , the ensemble teachers go aroun ←
→ delineation of line patterns in images using b - cosfire filters ; delineation of line patterns in images is a basic step required in various applications such as blood vessel detection in medical images , segmentation of rivers or roads in aerial images , detection of cracks in walls or pavements , etc . in this paper we present trainable b - cosfire filters , which are a model of some neurons in area v1 of the primary visual cortex , and apply it to the delineation of line patterns in different kinds of images . b - c ←
→ low - rank matrix completion using alternating minimization ; alternating minimization represents a widely applicable and empirically successful approach for finding low - rank matrices that best fit the given data . for example , for the problem of low - rank matrix completion , this method is believed to be one of the most accurate and efficient , and formed a major component of the winning entry in the netflix challenge . in the alternating minimization approach , the low - rank target matrix is written in a bi - line ←
→ inverse graphics with probabilistic cad models ; recently , multiple formulations of vision problems as probabilistic inversions of generative models based on computer graphics have been proposed . however , applications to 3d perception from natural images have focused on low - dimensional latent scenes , due to challenges in both modeling and inference . accounting for the enormous variability in 3d object shape and 2d appearance via realistic generative models seems intractable , as does inverting even simple ve ←
→ deep successor reinforcement learning ; learning robust value functions given raw observations and rewards is now possible with model - free and model - based deep reinforcement learning algorithms . there is a third alternative , called successor representations ( sr ), which decomposes the value function into two components -- a reward predictor and a successor map . the successor map represents the expected future state occupancy from any given state and the reward predictor maps states to scalar rewards . the val ←
→ on semidefinite relaxations for the block model ; the stochastic block model ( sbm ) is a popular tool for community detection in networks , but fitting it by maximum likelihood ( mle ) involves a computationally infeasible optimization problem . we propose a new semidefinite programming ( sdp ) solution to the problem of fitting the sbm , derived as a relaxation of the mle . we put ours and previously proposed sdps in a unified framework , as relaxations of the mle over various sub - classes of the sbm , revealing a con ←
→ fourier ptychographic reconstruction using poisson maximum likelihood and truncated wirtinger gradient ; fourier ptychographic microscopy ( fpm ) is a novel computational coherent imaging technique for high space - bandwidth product imaging . mathematically , fourier ptychographic ( fp ) reconstruction can be implemented as a phase retrieval optimization process , in which we only obtain low resolution intensity images corresponding to the sub - bands of the sample ' s high resolution ( hr ) spatial spectrum , and aim to ←
→ from data to city indicators : a knowledge graph for supporting automatic generation of dashboards ; in the context of smart cities , indicator definitions have been used to calculate values that enable the comparison among different cities . the calculation of an indicator values has challenges as the calculation may need to combine some aspects of quality while addressing different levels of abstraction . knowledge graphs ( kgs ) have been used successfully to support flexible representation , which can suppor ←
→ fatiguing stdp : learning from spike - timing codes in the presence of rate codes ; spiking neural networks ( snns ) could play a key role in unsupervised machine learning applications , by virtue of strengths related to learning from the fine temporal structure of event - based signals . however , some spike - timing - related strengths of snns are hindered by the sensitivity of spike - timing - dependent plasticity ( stdp ) rules to input spike rates , as fine temporal correlations may be obstructed by coarser correlations ←
→ tracking switched dynamic network topologies from information cascades ; contagions such as the spread of popular news stories , or infectious diseases , propagate in cascades over dynamic networks with unobservable topologies . however , " social signals " such as product purchase time , or blog entry timestamps are measurable , and implicitly depend on the underlying topology , making it possible to track it over time . interestingly , network topologies often " jump " between discrete states that may account for sudd ←
→ discriminative transfer learning for general image restoration ; recently , several discriminative learning approaches have been proposed for effective image restoration , achieving convincing trade - off between image quality and computational efficiency . however , these methods require separate training for each restoration task ( e . g ., denoising , deblurring , demosaicing ) and problem condition ( e . g ., noise level of input images ). this makes it time - consuming and difficult to encompass all tasks and conditions d ←
→ distributed nonparametric regression under communication constraints ; this paper studies the problem of nonparametric estimation of a smooth function with data distributed across multiple machines . we assume an independent sample from a white noise model is collected at each machine , and an estimator of the underlying true function needs to be constructed at a central machine . we place limits on the number of bits that each machine can use to transmit information to the central machine . our results give bo ←
→ inducing language networks from continuous space word representations ; recent advancements in unsupervised feature learning have developed powerful latent representations of words . however , it is still not clear what makes one representation better than another and how we can learn the ideal representation . understanding the structure of latent spaces attained is key to any future advancement in unsupervised learning . in this work , we introduce a new view of continuous space word representations as languag ←
→ subspace restricted boltzmann machine ; the subspace restricted boltzmann machine ( subspacerbm ) is a third - order boltzmann machine where multiplicative interactions are between one visible and two hidden units . there are two kinds of hidden units , namely , gate units and subspace units . the subspace units reflect variations of a pattern in data and the gate unit is responsible for activating the subspace units . additionally , the gate unit can be seen as a pooling feature . we evaluate the behavior of subspace ←
→ reducing offline evaluation bias in recommendation systems ; recommendation systems have been integrated into the majority of large online systems . they tailor those systems to individual users by filtering and ranking information according to user profiles . this adaptation process influences the way users interact with the system and , as a consequence , increases the difficulty of evaluating a recommendation algorithm with historical data ( via offline evaluation ). this paper analyses this evaluation bias an ←
→ revising partially ordered beliefs ; this paper deals with the revision of partially ordered beliefs . it proposes a semantic representation of epistemic states by partial pre - orders on interpretations and a syntactic representation by partially ordered belief bases . two revision operations , the revision stemming from the history of observations and the possibilistic revision , defined when the epistemic state is represented by a total pre - order , are generalized , at a semantic level , to the case of a partial ←
→ explaining anomalies in groups with characterizing subspace rules ; anomaly detection has numerous applications and has been studied vastly . we consider a complementary problem that has a much sparser literature : anomaly description . interpretation of anomalies is crucial for practitioners for sense - making , troubleshooting , and planning actions . to this end , we present a new approach called x - pacs ( for explaining patterns of anomalies with characterizing subspaces ), which " reverse - engineers " the known anoma ←
→ variational dropout sparsifies deep neural networks ; we explore a recently proposed variational dropout technique that provided an elegant bayesian interpretation to gaussian dropout . we extend variational dropout to the case when dropout rates are unbounded , propose a way to reduce the variance of the gradient estimator and report first experimental results with individual dropout rates per weight . interestingly , it leads to extremely sparse solutions both in fully - connected and convolutional layers . this ←
→ natural language processing using hadoop and koshik ; natural language processing , as a data analytics related technology , is used widely in many research areas such as artificial intelligence , human language processing , and translation . at present , due to explosive growth of data , there are many challenges for natural language processing . hadoop is one of the platforms that can process the large amount of data required for natural language processing . koshik is one of the natural language processing archit ←
→ data - efficient reinforcement learning in continuous - state pomdps ; we present a data - efficient reinforcement learning algorithm resistant to observation noise . our method extends the highly data - efficient pilco algorithm ( deisenroth & rasmussen , 2011 ) into partially observed markov decision processes ( pomdps ) by considering the filtering process during policy evaluation . pilco conducts policy search , evaluating each policy by first predicting an analytic distribution of possible system trajectories . we addi ←
→ marvin : a heuristic search planner with online macro - action learning ; this paper describes marvin , a planner that competed in the fourth international planning competition ( ipc 4 ). marvin uses action - sequence - memoisation techniques to generate macro - actions , which are then used during search for a solution plan . we provide an overview of its architecture and search behaviour , detailing the algorithms used . we also empirically demonstrate the effectiveness of its features in various planning domains ; in par ←
→ prediction of the optimal threshold value in df relay selection schemes based on artificial neural networks ; in wireless communications , the cooperative communication ( cc ) technology promises performance gains compared to traditional single - input single output ( siso ) techniques . therefore , the cc technique is one of the nominees for 5g networks . in the decode - and - forward ( df ) relaying scheme which is one of the cc techniques , determination of the threshold value at the relay has a key role for the system ←
→ lifted relational variational inference ; hybrid continuous - discrete models naturally represent many real - world applications in robotics , finance , and environmental engineering . inference with large - scale models is challenging because relational structures deteriorate rapidly during inference with observations . the main contribution of this paper is an efficient relational variational inference algorithm that factors largescale probability models into simpler variational models , composed of mixtures of iid ←
→ marlow : a joint multiplanar autoregressive and low - rank approach for image completion ; in this paper , we propose a novel multiplanar autoregressive ( ar ) model to exploit the correlation in cross - dimensional planes of a similar patch group collected in an image , which has long been neglected by previous ar models . on that basis , we then present a joint multiplanar ar and low - rank based approach ( marlow ) for image completion from random sampling , which exploits the nonlocal self - similarity within natural i ←
→ learning from untrusted data ; the vast majority of theoretical results in machine learning and statistics assume that the available training data is a reasonably reliable reflection of the phenomena to be learned or estimated . similarly , the majority of machine learning and statistical techniques used in practice are brittle to the presence of large amounts of biased or malicious data . in this work we consider two frameworks in which to study estimation , learning , and optimization in the presence of signif ←
→ coordinated online learning with applications to learning user preferences ; we study an online multi - task learning setting , in which instances of related tasks arrive sequentially , and are handled by task - specific online learners . we consider an algorithmic framework to model the relationship of these tasks via a set of convex constraints . to exploit this relationship , we design a novel algorithm -- cool -- for coordinating the individual online learners : our key idea is to coordinate their parameters vi ←
→ integrating existing cone - shaped and projection - based cardinal direction relations and a tcsp - like decidable generalisation ; we consider the integration of existing cone - shaped and projection - based calculi of cardinal direction relations , well - known in qsr . the more general , integrating language we consider is based on convex constraints of the qualitative form $ r ( x , y )$, $ r $ being a cone - shaped or projection - based cardinal direction atomic relation , or of the quantitative form $(\ alpha ,\ beta )( x , y )$, wit ←
→ visual tracking via nonnegative regularization multiple locality coding ; this paper presents a novel object tracking method based on approximated locality - constrained linear coding ( llc ). rather than using a non - negativity constraint on encoding coefficients to guarantee these elements nonnegative , in this paper , the non - negativity constraint is substituted for a conventional $\ ell_2 $ norm regularization term in approximated llc to obtain the similar nonnegative effect . and we provide a detailed and adequa ←
→ megdet : a large mini - batch object detector ; the improvements in recent cnn - based object detection works , from r - cnn [ 11 ], fast / faster r - cnn [ 10 , 31 ] to recent mask r - cnn [ 14 ] and retinanet [ 24 ], mainly come from new network , new framework , or novel loss design . but mini - batch size , a key factor in the training , has not been well studied . in this paper , we propose a large minibatch object detector ( megdet ) to enable the training with much larger mini - batch size than before ( e . g . from 16 to 256 ), so that we ←
→ finding action tubes ; we address the problem of action detection in videos . driven by the latest progress in object detection from 2d images , we build action models using rich feature hierarchies derived from shape and kinematic cues . we incorporate appearance and motion in two ways . first , starting from image region proposals we select those that are motion salient and thus are more likely to contain the action . this leads to a significant reduction in the number of regions being processed and allows for ←
→ shape and symmetry induction for 3d objects ; actions as simple as grasping an object or navigating around it require a rich understanding of that object ' s 3d shape from a given viewpoint . in this paper we repurpose powerful learning machinery , originally developed for object classification , to discover image cues relevant for recovering the 3d shape of potentially unfamiliar objects . we cast the problem as one of local prediction of surface normals and global detection of 3d reflection symmetry planes , whi ←
→ how do you revise your belief set with %$;@*? ; in the classic agm belief revision theory , beliefs are static and do not change their own shape . for instance , if p is accepted by a rational agent , it will remain p to the agent . but such rarely happens to us . often , when we accept some information p , what is actually accepted is not the whole p , but only a portion of it ; not necessarily because we select the portion but because p must be perceived . only the perceived p is accepted ; and the perception is subj ←
→ a framework for sequential planning in multi - agent settings ; this paper extends the framework of partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) to multi - agent settings by incorporating the notion of agent models into the state space . agents maintain beliefs over physical states of the environment and over models of other agents , and they use bayesian updates to maintain their beliefs over time . the solutions map belief states to actions . models of other agents may include their belief states and a ←
→ leaf vein segmentation using odd gabor filters and morphological operations ; leaf vein forms the basis of leaf characterization and classification . different species have different leaf vein patterns . it is seen that leaf vein segmentation will help in maintaining a record of all the leaves according to their specific pattern of veins thus provide an effective way to retrieve and store information regarding various plant species in database as well as provide an effective means to characterize plants on ←
→ exploiting synergy between ontologies and recommender systems ; recommender systems learn about user preferences over time , automatically finding things of similar interest . this reduces the burden of creating explicit queries . recommender systems do , however , suffer from cold - start problems where no initial information is available early on upon which to base recommendations . semantic knowledge structures , such as ontologies , can provide valuable domain knowledge and user information . however , acquiring su ←
→ relation classification via recurrent neural network ; deep learning has gained much success in sentence - level relation classification . for example , convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have delivered competitive performance without much effort on feature engineering as the conventional pattern - based methods . thus a lot of works have been produced based on cnn structures . however , a key issue that has not been well addressed by the cnn - based method is the lack of capability to learn temporal features , especi ←
→ new results for the map problem in bayesian networks ; this paper presents new results for the ( partial ) maximum a posteriori ( map ) problem in bayesian networks , which is the problem of querying the most probable state configuration of some of the network variables given evidence . first , it is demonstrated that the problem remains hard even in networks with very simple topology , such as binary polytrees and simple trees ( including the naive bayes structure ). such proofs extend previous complexity results fo ←
→ a health monitoring system for elder and sick persons ; this paper discusses a vision based health monitoring system which would be very easy in use and deployment . elder and sick people who are not able to talk or walk they are dependent on other human beings for their daily needs and need continuous monitoring . the developed system provides facility to the sick or elder person to describe his or her need to their caretaker in lingual description by showing particular hand gesture with the developed system ←
→ on the sensitivity of shape fitting problems ; in this article , we study shape fitting problems , $\ epsilon $- coresets , and total sensitivity . we focus on the $( j , k )$- projective clustering problems , including $ k $- median /$ k $- means , $ k $- line clustering , $ j $- subspace approximation , and the integer $( j , k )$- projective clustering problem . we derive upper bounds of total sensitivities for these problems , and obtain $\ epsilon $- coresets using these upper bounds . using a dimension - reduction type argument , we are able t ←
→ theoretical analysis of active contours on graphs ; active contour models based on partial differential equations have proved successful in image segmentation , yet the study of their geometric formulation on arbitrary geometric graphs is still at an early stage . in this paper , we introduce geometric approximations of gradient and curvature , which are used in the geodesic active contour model . we prove convergence in probability of our gradient approximation to the true gradient value and derive an asymptoti ←
→ security analysis of online centroid anomaly detection ; security issues are crucial in a number of machine learning applications , especially in scenarios dealing with human activity rather than natural phenomena ( e . g ., information ranking , spam detection , malware detection , etc .). it is to be expected in such cases that learning algorithms will have to deal with manipulated data aimed at hampering decision making . although some previous work addressed the handling of malicious data in the context of superv ←
→ integrating disparate sources of experts for robust image denoising ; we study an image denoising problem : given a set of image denoisers , each having a different denoising capability , can we design a framework that allows us to integrate the individual denoisers to produce an overall better result ? if we can do so , then potentially we can integrate multiple weak denoisers to denoise complex scenes . the goal of this paper is to present a meta - procedure called the consensus neural network ( consensusnet ). giv ←
→ emergent predication structure in hidden state vectors of neural readers ; a significant number of neural architectures for reading comprehension have recently been developed and evaluated on large cloze - style datasets . we present experiments supporting the emergence of " predication structure " in the hidden state vectors of these readers . more specifically , we provide evidence that the hidden state vectors represent atomic formulas $\ phi [ c ]$ where $\ phi $ is a semantic property ( predicate ) and $ c $ is a const ←
→ improved training of generative adversarial networks using representative features ; despite of the success of generative adversarial networks ( gans ) for image generation tasks , the trade - off between image diversity and visual quality are an well - known issue . conventional techniques achieve either visual quality or image diversity ; the improvement in one side is often the result of sacrificing the degradation in the other side . in this paper , we aim to achieve both simultaneously by improving the stabilit ←
→ an error - oriented approach to word embedding pre - training ; we propose a novel word embedding pre - training approach that exploits writing errors in learners ' scripts . we compare our method to previous models that tune the embeddings based on script scores and the discrimination between correct and corrupt word contexts in addition to the generic commonly - used embeddings pre - trained on large corpora . the comparison is achieved by using the aforementioned models to bootstrap a neural network that learns to pr ←
→ knowledge concentration : learning 100k object classifiers in a single cnn ; fine - grained image labels are desirable for many computer vision applications , such as visual search or mobile ai assistant . these applications rely on image classification models that can produce hundreds of thousands ( e . g . 100k ) of diversified fine - grained image labels on input images . however , training a network at this vocabulary scale is challenging , and suffers from intolerable large model size and slow training speed , which ←
→ ionet : learning to cure the curse of drift in inertial odometry ; inertial sensors play a pivotal role in indoor localization , which in turn lays the foundation for pervasive personal applications . however , low - cost inertial sensors , as commonly found in smartphones , are plagued by bias and noise , which leads to unbounded growth in error when accelerations are double integrated to obtain displacement . small errors in state estimation propagate to make odometry virtually unusable in a matter of seconds . we p ←
→ prediction by random - walk perturbation ; we propose a version of the follow - the - perturbed - leader online prediction algorithm in which the cumulative losses are perturbed by independent symmetric random walks . the forecaster is shown to achieve an expected regret of the optimal order o ( sqrt ( n log n )) where n is the time horizon and n is the number of experts . more importantly , it is shown that the forecaster changes its prediction at most o ( sqrt ( n log n )) times , in expectation . we also extend the analysis to ←
→ enhanced factored three - way restricted boltzmann machines for speech detection ; in this letter , we propose enhanced factored three way restricted boltzmann machines ( eftw - rbms ) for speech detection . the proposed model incorporates conditional feature learning by multiplying the dynamical state of the third unit , which allows a modulation over the visible - hidden node pairs . instead of stacking previous frames of speech as the third unit in a recursive manner , the correlation related weighting coefficients ←
→ towards the rapid development of a natural language understanding module ; when developing a conversational agent , there is often an urgent need to have a prototype available in order to test the application with real users . a wizard of oz is a possibility , but sometimes the agent should be simply deployed in the environment where it will be used . here , the agent should be able to capture as many interactions as possible and to understand how people react to failure . in this paper , we focus on the rapid dev ←
→ move from perturbed scheme to exponential weighting average ; in an online decision problem , one makes decisions often with a pool of decision sequence called experts but without knowledge of the future . after each step , one pays a cost based on the decision and observed rate . one reasonal goal would be to perform as well as the best expert in the pool . the modern and well - known way to attain this goal is the algorithm of exponential weighting . however , recently , another algorithm called follow the perturbe ←
→ modeling and control with local linearizing nadaraya watson regression ; black box models of technical systems are purely descriptive . they do not explain why a system works the way it does . thus , black box models are insufficient for some problems . but there are numerous applications , for example , in control engineering , for which a black box model is absolutely sufficient . in this article , we describe a general stochastic framework with which such models can be built easily and fully automated by observat ←
→ image pixel fusion for human face recognition ; in this paper we present a technique for fusion of optical and thermal face images based on image pixel fusion approach . out of several factors , which affect face recognition performance in case of visual images , illumination changes are a significant factor that needs to be addressed . thermal images are better in handling illumination conditions but not very consistent in capturing texture details of the faces . other factors like sunglasses , beard , moustache ←
→ compressed learning : a deep neural network approach ; compressed learning ( cl ) is a joint signal processing and machine learning framework for inference from a signal , using a small number of measurements obtained by linear projections of the signal . in this paper we present an end - to - end deep learning approach for cl , in which a network composed of fully - connected layers followed by convolutional layers perform the linear sensing and non - linear inference stages . during the training phase , the sensing matri ←
→ emotional control - conditio sine qua non for advanced artificial intelligences ? ; humans dispose of two intertwined information processing pathways , cognitive information processing via neural firing patterns and diffusive volume control via neuromodulation . the cognitive information processing in the brain is traditionally considered to be the prime neural correlate of human intelligence , clinical studies indicate that human emotions intrinsically correlate with the activation of the neuromodulatory sys ←
→ a large - scale distributed video parsing and evaluation platform ; visual surveillance systems have become one of the largest data sources of big visual data in real world . however , existing systems for video analysis still lack the ability to handle the problems of scalability , expansibility and error - prone , though great advances have been achieved in a number of visual recognition tasks and surveillance applications , e . g ., pedestrian / vehicle detection , people / vehicle counting . moreover , few algorithms expl ←
→ computational content analysis of negative tweets for obesity , diet , diabetes , and exercise ; social media based digital epidemiology has the potential to support faster response and deeper understanding of public health related threats . this study proposes a new framework to analyze unstructured health related textual data via twitter users ' post ( tweets ) to characterize the negative health sentiments and non - health related concerns in relations to the corpus of negative sentiments , regarding diet diabet ←
→ an elementary analysis of the probability that a binomial random variable exceeds its expectation ; we give an elementary proof of the fact that a binomial random variable $ x $ with parameters $ n $ and $ 0 . 29 / n \ le p < 1 $ with probability at least $ 1 / 4 $ strictly exceeds its expectation . we also show that for $ 1 / n \ le p < 1 - 1 / n $, $ x $ exceeds its expectation by more than one with probability at least $ 0 . 0370 $. both probabilities approach $ 1 / 2 $ when $ np $ and $ n ( 1 - p )$ tend to infinity .←
→ computational linking theory ; a linking theory explains how verbs ' semantic arguments are mapped to their syntactic arguments --- the inverse of the semantic role labeling task from the shallow semantic parsing literature . in this paper , we develop the computational linking theory framework as a method for implementing and testing linking theories proposed in the theoretical literature . we deploy this framework to assess two cross - cutting types of linking theory : local v . global models and categorical v . fea ←
→ on computable abstractions ( a conceptual introduction ) ; this paper introduces abstractions that are meaningful for computers and that can be built and used according to computers ' own criteria , i . e ., computable abstractions . it is analyzed how abstractions can be seen to serve as the building blocks for the creation of one own ' s understanding of things , which is essential in performing intellectual tasks . thus , abstractional machines are defined , which following a mechanical process can , based on computabl ←
→ gvnn : neural network library for geometric computer vision ; we introduce gvnn , a neural network library in torch aimed towards bridging the gap between classic geometric computer vision and deep learning . inspired by the recent success of spatial transformer networks , we propose several new layers which are often used as parametric transformations on the data in geometric computer vision . these layers can be inserted within a neural network much in the spirit of the original spatial transformers and allow ←
→ reconstructing articulated rigged models from rgb - d videos ; although commercial and open - source software exist to reconstruct a static object from a sequence recorded with an rgb - d sensor , there is a lack of tools that build rigged models of articulated objects that deform realistically and can be used for tracking or animation . in this work , we fill this gap and propose a method that creates a fully rigged model of an articulated object from depth data of a single sensor . to this end , we combine deformabl ←
→ attention networks for image - to - text ; the paper approaches the problem of image - to - text with attention - based encoder - decoder networks that are trained to handle sequences of characters rather than words . we experiment on lines of text from a popular handwriting database with different attention mechanisms for the decoder . the model trained with softmax attention achieves the lowest test error , outperforming several other rnn - based models . our results show that softmax attention is able to learn a linear al ←
→ genetic algorithms for evolving computer chess programs ; this paper demonstrates the use of genetic algorithms for evolving : 1 ) a grandmaster - level evaluation function , and 2 ) a search mechanism for a chess program , the parameter values of which are initialized randomly . the evaluation function of the program is evolved by learning from databases of ( human ) grandmaster games . at first , the organisms are evolved to mimic the behavior of human grandmasters , and then these organisms are further improved upon ←
→ lm - cma : an alternative to l - bfgs for large scale black - box optimization ; the limited memory bfgs method ( l - bfgs ) of liu and nocedal ( 1989 ) is often considered to be the method of choice for continuous optimization when first - and / or second - order information is available . however , the use of l - bfgs can be complicated in a black - box scenario where gradient information is not available and therefore should be numerically estimated . the accuracy of this estimation , obtained by finite difference methods , is of ←
→ discriminative unsupervised feature learning with exemplar convolutional neural networks ; deep convolutional networks have proven to be very successful in learning task specific features that allow for unprecedented performance on various computer vision tasks . training of such networks follows mostly the supervised learning paradigm , where sufficiently many input - output pairs are required for training . acquisition of large training sets is one of the key challenges , when approaching a new task . in this ←
→ the perceptron with dynamic margin ; the classical perceptron rule provides a varying upper bound on the maximum margin , namely the length of the current weight vector divided by the total number of updates up to that time . requiring that the perceptron updates its internal state whenever the normalized margin of a pattern is found not to exceed a certain fraction of this dynamic upper bound we construct a new approximate maximum margin classifier called the perceptron with dynamic margin ( pdm ). we demonstr ←
→ seeing through noise : visually driven speaker separation and enhancement ; isolating the voice of a specific person while filtering out other voices or background noises is challenging when video is shot in noisy environments . we propose audio - visual methods to isolate the voice of a single speaker and eliminate unrelated sounds . first , face motions captured in the video are used to estimate the speaker ' s voice , by passing the silent video frames through a video - to - speech neural network - based model . then th ←
→ strongly incremental repair detection ; we present stir ( strongly incremental repair detection ), a system that detects speech repairs and edit terms on transcripts incrementally with minimal latency . stir uses information - theoretic measures from n - gram models as its principal decision features in a pipeline of classifiers detecting the different stages of repairs . results on the switchboard disfluency tagged corpus show utterance - final accuracy on a par with state - of - the - art incremental repair detection met ←
→ how to allocate resources for features acquisition ? ; we study classification problems where features are corrupted by noise and where the magnitude of the noise in each feature is influenced by the resources allocated to its acquisition . this is the case , for example , when multiple sensors share a common resource ( power , bandwidth , attention , etc .). we develop a method for computing the optimal resource allocation for a variety of scenarios and derive theoretical bounds concerning the benefit that may aris ←
→ bayesian group nonnegative matrix factorization for eeg analysis ; we propose a generative model of a group eeg analysis , based on appropriate kernel assumptions on eeg data . we derive the variational inference update rule using various approximation techniques . the proposed model outperforms the current state - of - the - art algorithms in terms of common pattern extraction . the validity of the proposed model is tested on the bci competition dataset .←
→ understanding kernel ridge regression : common behaviors from simple functions to density functionals ; accurate approximations to density functionals have recently been obtained via machine learning ( ml ). by applying ml to a simple function of one variable without any random sampling , we extract the qualitative dependence of errors on hyperparameters . we find universal features of the behavior in extreme limits , including both very small and very large length scales , and the noise - free limit . we show how ←
→ vector quantization as sparse least square optimization ; vector quantization aims to form new vectors / matrices with shared values close to the original . it could compress data with acceptable information loss , and could be of great usefulness in areas like image processing , pattern recognition and machine learning . in recent years , the importance of quantization has been soaring as it has been discovered huge potentials in deploying practical neural networks , which is among one of the most popular research ←
→ deep secure encoding : an application to face recognition ; in this paper we present deep secure encoding : a framework for secure classification using deep neural networks , and apply it to the task of biometric template protection for faces . using deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), we learn a robust mapping of face classes to high entropy secure codes . these secure codes are then hashed using standard hash functions like sha - 256 to generate secure face templates . the efficacy of the approach is shown ←
→ flow for meta control ; the psychological state of flow has been linked to optimizing human performance . a key condition of flow emergence is a match between the human abilities and complexity of the task . we propose a simple computational model of flow for artificial intelligence ( ai ) agents . the model factors the standard agent - environment state into a self - reflective set of the agent ' s abilities and a socially learned set of the environmental complexity . maximizing the flow serves as a meta control for t ←
→ break it down for me : a study in automated lyric annotation ; comprehending lyrics , as found in songs and poems , can pose a challenge to human and machine readers alike . this motivates the need for systems that can understand the ambiguity and jargon found in such creative texts , and provide commentary to aid readers in reaching the correct interpretation . we introduce the task of automated lyric annotation ( ala ). like text simplification , a goal of ala is to rephrase the original text in a more easily unde ←
→ investigating a hybrid metaheuristic for job shop rescheduling ; previous research has shown that artificial immune systems can be used to produce robust schedules in a manufacturing environment . the main goal is to develop building blocks ( antibodies ) of partial schedules that can be used to construct backup solutions ( antigens ) when disturbances occur during production . the building blocks are created based upon underpinning ideas from artificial immune systems and evolved using a genetic algorithm ( phase ←
→ image inpainting by kriging interpolation technique ; image inpainting is the art of predicting damaged regions of an image . the manual way of image inpainting is a time consuming . therefore , there must be an automatic digital method for image inpainting that recovers the image from the damaged regions . in this paper , a novel statistical image inpainting algorithm based on kriging interpolation technique was proposed . kriging technique automatically fills the damaged region in an image using the information ←
→ a fuzzy petri nets model for computing with words ; motivated by zadeh ' s paradigm of computing with words rather than numbers , several formal models of computing with words have recently been proposed . these models are based on automata and thus are not well - suited for concurrent computing . in this paper , we incorporate the well - known model of concurrent computing , petri nets , together with fuzzy set theory and thereby establish a concurrency model of computing with words -- fuzzy petri nets for computing wit ←
→ machine learning and the future of realism ; the preceding three decades have seen the emergence , rise , and proliferation of machine learning ( ml ). from half - recognised beginnings in perceptrons , neural nets , and decision trees , algorithms that extract correlations ( that is , patterns ) from a set of data points have broken free from their origin in computational cognition to embrace all forms of problem solving , from voice recognition to medical diagnosis to automated scientific research and driverless cars ,←
→ are elephants bigger than butterflies ? reasoning about sizes of objects ; human vision greatly benefits from the information about sizes of objects . the role of size in several visual reasoning tasks has been thoroughly explored in human perception and cognition . however , the impact of the information about sizes of objects is yet to be determined in ai . we postulate that this is mainly attributed to the lack of a comprehensive repository of size information . in this paper , we introduce a method to automati ←
→ unifying visual - semantic embeddings with multimodal neural language models ; inspired by recent advances in multimodal learning and machine translation , we introduce an encoder - decoder pipeline that learns ( a ): a multimodal joint embedding space with images and text and ( b ): a novel language model for decoding distributed representations from our space . our pipeline effectively unifies joint image - text embedding models with multimodal neural language models . we introduce the structure - content neural langu ←
→ training deep spiking neural networks using backpropagation ; deep spiking neural networks ( snns ) hold great potential for improving the latency and energy efficiency of deep neural networks through event - based computation . however , training such networks is difficult due to the non - differentiable nature of asynchronous spike events . in this paper , we introduce a novel technique , which treats the membrane potentials of spiking neurons as differentiable signals , where discontinuities at spike times are only ←
→ a multi - world approach to question answering about real - world scenes based on uncertain input ; we propose a method for automatically answering questions about images by bringing together recent advances from natural language processing and computer vision . we combine discrete reasoning with uncertain predictions by a multi - world approach that represents uncertainty about the perceived world in a bayesian framework . our approach can handle human questions of high complexity about realistic scenes and repl ←
→ man is to computer programmer as woman is to homemaker ? debiasing word embeddings ; the blind application of machine learning runs the risk of amplifying biases present in data . such a danger is facing us with word embedding , a popular framework to represent text data as vectors which has been used in many machine learning and natural language processing tasks . we show that even word embeddings trained on google news articles exhibit female / male gender stereotypes to a disturbing extent . this raises conce ←
→ dependence versus conditional dependence in local causal discovery from gene expression data ; motivation : algorithms that discover variables which are causally related to a target may inform the design of experiments . with observational gene expression data , many methods discover causal variables by measuring each variable ' s degree of statistical dependence with the target using dependence measures ( dms ). however , other methods measure each variable ' s ability to explain the statistical dependence between ←
→ co - clustering for multitask learning ; this paper presents a new multitask learning framework that learns a shared representation among the tasks , incorporating both task and feature clusters . the jointly - induced clusters yield a shared latent subspace where task relationships are learned more effectively and more generally than in state - of - the - art multitask learning methods . the proposed general framework enables the derivation of more specific or restricted state - of - the - art multitask methods . the paper al ←
→ efficient learning of optimal markov network topology with k - tree modeling ; the seminal work of chow and liu ( 1968 ) shows that approximation of a finite probabilistic system by markov trees can achieve the minimum information loss with the topology of a maximum spanning tree . our current paper generalizes the result to markov networks of tree width $\ leq k $, for every fixed $ k \ geq 2 $. in particular , we prove that approximation of a finite probabilistic system with such markov networks has the minimum inf ←
→ stochastic sensitivity analysis using fuzzy influence diagrams ; the practice of stochastic sensitivity analysis described in the decision analysis literature is a testimonial to the need for considering deviations from precise point estimates of uncertainty . we propose the use of bayesian fuzzy probabilities within an influence diagram computational scheme for performing sensitivity analysis during the solution of probabilistic inference and decision problems . unlike other parametric approaches , the propos ←
→ using inverse lambda and generalization to translate english to formal languages ; we present a system to translate natural language sentences to formulas in a formal or a knowledge representation language . our system uses two inverse lambda - calculus operators and using them can take as input the semantic representation of some words , phrases and sentences and from that derive the semantic representation of other words and phrases . our inverse lambda operator works on many formal languages including first ←
→ bayesian model selection of stochastic block models ; a central problem in analyzing networks is partitioning them into modules or communities . one of the best tools for this is the stochastic block model , which clusters vertices into blocks with statistically homogeneous pattern of links . despite its flexibility and popularity , there has been a lack of principled statistical model selection criteria for the stochastic block model . here we propose a bayesian framework for choosing the number of blocks as we ←
→ reformulating inference problems through selective conditioning ; we describe how we selectively reformulate portions of a belief network that pose difficulties for solution with a stochastic - simulation algorithm . with employ the selective conditioning approach to target specific nodes in a belief network for decomposition , based on the contribution the nodes make to the tractability of stochastic simulation . we review previous work on bnras algorithms - randomized approximation algorithms for probabilistic ←
→ conditional adversarial network for semantic segmentation of brain tumor ; automated medical image analysis has a significant value in diagnosis and treatment of lesions . brain tumors segmentation has a special importance and difficulty due to the difference in appearances and shapes of the different tumor regions in magnetic resonance images . additionally , the data sets are heterogeneous and usually limited in size in comparison with the computer vision problems . the recently proposed adversarial training ←
→ racing thompson : an efficient algorithm for thompson sampling with non - conjugate priors ; thompson sampling has impressive empirical performance for many multi - armed bandit problems . but current algorithms for thompson sampling only work for the case of conjugate priors since these algorithms require to infer the posterior , which is often computationally intractable when the prior is not conjugate . in this paper , we propose a novel algorithm for thompson sampling which only requires to draw samples from a ←
→ analysis of speedups in parallel evolutionary algorithms for combinatorial optimization ; evolutionary algorithms are popular heuristics for solving various combinatorial problems as they are easy to apply and often produce good results . island models parallelize evolution by using different populations , called islands , which are connected by a graph structure as communication topology . each island periodically communicates copies of good solutions to neighboring islands in a process called migration . w ←
→ pde - foam - a probability - density estimation method using self - adapting phase - space binning ; probability density estimation ( pde ) is a multivariate discrimination technique based on sampling signal and background densities defined by event samples from data or monte - carlo ( mc ) simulations in a multi - dimensional phase space . in this paper , we present a modification of the pde method that uses a self - adapting binning method to divide the multi - dimensional phase space in a finite number of hyper - rectangles (←
→ prnn : recurrent neural network with persistent memory ; although recurrent neural network ( rnn ) has been a powerful tool for modeling sequential data , its performance is inadequate when processing sequences with multiple patterns . in this paper , we address this challenge by introducing an external memory and constructing a novel persistent memory augmented rnn ( termed as prnn ). the prnn captures the principle patterns in training sequences and stores them in an external memory . by leveraging the persistent ←
→ from dependence to causation ; machine learning is the science of discovering statistical dependencies in data , and the use of those dependencies to perform predictions . during the last decade , machine learning has made spectacular progress , surpassing human performance in complex tasks such as object recognition , car driving , and computer gaming . however , the central role of prediction in machine learning avoids progress towards general - purpose artificial intelligence . as one way forward , we argue that cau ←
→ opeb : open physical environment benchmark for artificial intelligence ; artificial intelligence methods to solve continuous - control tasks have made significant progress in recent years . however , these algorithms have important limitations and still need significant improvement to be used in industry and real - world applications . this means that this area is still in an active research phase . to involve a large number of research groups , standard benchmarks are needed to evaluate and compare proposed algori ←
→ a cyber science based ontology for artificial general intelligence containment ; the development of artificial general intelligence is considered by many to be inevitable . what such intelligence does after becoming aware is not so certain . to that end , research suggests that the likelihood of artificial general intelligence becoming hostile to humans is significant enough to warrant inquiry into methods to limit such potential . thus , containment of artificial general intelligence is a timely and meaningfu ←
→ on the diffusion approximation of nonconvex stochastic gradient descent ; we study the stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) method in nonconvex optimization problems from the point of view of approximating diffusion processes . we prove rigorously that the diffusion process can approximate the sgd algorithm weakly using the weak form of master equation for probability evolution . in the small step size regime and the presence of omnidirectional noise , our weak approximating diffusion process suggests the followi ←
→ how accurate are the time delay estimates in gravitational lensing ? ; we present a novel approach to estimate the time delay between light curves of multiple images in a gravitationally lensed system , based on kernel methods in the context of machine learning . we perform various experiments with artificially generated irregularly - sampled data sets to study the effect of the various levels of noise and the presence of gaps of various size in the monitoring data . we compare the performance of our method with ←
→ efficient classification for metric data ; recent advances in large - margin classification of data residing in general metric spaces ( rather than hilbert spaces ) enable classification under various natural metrics , such as string edit and earthmover distance . a general framework developed for this purpose by von luxburg and bousquet [ jmlr , 2004 ] left open the questions of computational efficiency and of providing direct bounds on generalization error . we design a new algorithm for classification in general ←
→ an adaptive resample - move algorithm for estimating normalizing constants ; the estimation of normalizing constants is a fundamental step in probabilistic model comparison . sequential monte carlo methods may be used for this task and have the advantage of being inherently parallelizable . however , the standard choice of using a fixed number of particles at each iteration is suboptimal because some steps will contribute disproportionately to the variance of the estimate . we introduce an adaptive version of the ←
→ learning intrinsic excitability in medium spiny neurons ; we present an unsupervised , local activation - dependent learning rule for intrinsic plasticity ( ip ) which affects the composition of ion channel conductances for single neurons in a use - dependent way . we use a single - compartment conductance - based model for medium spiny striatal neurons in order to show the effects of parametrization of individual ion channels on the neuronal activation function . we show that parameter changes within the physiological ←
→ 3d morphology prediction of progressive spinal deformities from probabilistic modeling of discriminant manifolds ; we introduce a novel approach for predicting the progression of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis from 3d spine models reconstructed from biplanar x - ray images . recent progress in machine learning have allowed to improve classification and prognosis rates , but lack a probabilistic framework to measure uncertainty in the data . we propose a discriminative probabilistic manifold embedding where lo ←
→ active algorithms for preference learning problems with multiple populations ; in this paper we model the problem of learning preferences of a population as an active learning problem . we propose an algorithm can adaptively choose pairs of items to show to users coming from a heterogeneous population , and use the obtained reward to decide which pair of items to show next . we provide computationally efficient algorithms with provable sample complexity guarantees for this problem in both the noiseless and n ←
→ sketch - pix2seq : a model to generate sketches of multiple categories ; sketch is an important media for human to communicate ideas , which reflects the superiority of human intelligence . studies on sketch can be roughly summarized into recognition and generation . existing models on image recognition failed to obtain satisfying performance on sketch classification . but for sketch generation , a recent study proposed a sequence - to - sequence variational - auto - encoder ( vae ) model called sketch - rnn which was able to ←
→ cognitive subscore trajectory prediction in alzheimer ' s disease ; accurate diagnosis of alzheimer ' s disease ( ad ) entails clinical evaluation of multiple cognition metrics and biomarkers . metrics such as the alzheimer ' s disease assessment scale - cognitive test ( adas - cog ) comprise multiple subscores that quantify different aspects of a patient ' s cognitive state such as learning , memory , and language production / comprehension . although computer - aided diagnostic techniques for classification of a patient ' s curr ←
→ online collaborative - filtering on graphs ; a common phenomena in modern recommendation systems is the use of feedback from one user to infer the ` value ' of an item to other users . this results in an exploration vs . exploitation trade - off , in which items of possibly low value have to be presented to users in order to ascertain their value . existing approaches to solving this problem focus on the case where the number of items are small , or admit some underlying structure -- it is unclear , however , if good re ←
→ large - scale analysis of counseling conversations : an application of natural language processing to mental health ; mental illness is one of the most pressing public health issues of our time . while counseling and psychotherapy can be effective treatments , our knowledge about how to conduct successful counseling conversations has been limited due to lack of large - scale data with labeled outcomes of the conversations . in this paper , we present a large - scale , quantitative study on the discourse of text - messa ←
→ application of artificial neural networks in aircraft maintenance , repair and overhaul solutions ; this paper reviews application of artificial neural networks in aircraft maintenance , repair and overhaul ( mro ). mro solutions are designed to facilitate the authoring and delivery of maintenance and repair information to the line maintenance technicians who need to improve aircraft repair turn around time , optimize the efficiency and consistency of fleet maintenance and ensure regulatory compliance . the tec ←
→ notes on geometric measure theory applications to image processing ; de - noising , segmentation , pattern , texture , lines , gestalt and occlusion ; regularization functionals that lower level set boundary length when used with l ^ 1 fidelity functionals on signal de - noising on images create artifacts . these are ( i ) rounding of corners , ( ii ) shrinking of radii , ( iii ) shrinking of cusps , and ( iv ) non - smoothing of staircasing . regularity functionals based upon total curvature of level set boundaries do not create a ←
→ end - to - end concept word detection for video captioning , retrieval , and question answering ; we propose a high - level concept word detector that can be integrated with any video - to - language models . it takes a video as input and generates a list of concept words as useful semantic priors for language generation models . the proposed word detector has two important properties . first , it does not require any external knowledge sources for training . second , the proposed word detector is trainable in an end - to - en ←
→ an empirical study of the effects of spurious transitions on abstraction - based heuristics ; the efficient solution of state space search problems is often attempted by guiding search algorithms with heuristics ( estimates of the distance from any state to the goal ). a popular way for creating heuristic functions is by using an abstract version of the state space . however , the quality of abstraction - based heuristic functions , and thus the speed of search , can suffer from spurious transitions , i . e ., state tr ←
→ the metric - ff planning system : translating " ignoring delete lists " to numeric state variables ; planning with numeric state variables has been a challenge for many years , and was a part of the 3rd international planning competition ( ipc - 3 ). currently one of the most popular and successful algorithmic techniques in strips planning is to guide search by a heuristic function , where the heuristic is based on relaxing the planning task by ignoring the delete lists of the available actions . we present a natural ←
→ sparse component analysis ( sca ) in random - valued and salt and pepper noise removal ; in this paper , we propose a new method for impulse noise removal from images . it uses the sparsity of images in the discrete cosine transform ( dct ) domain . the zeros in this domain give us the exact mathematical equation to reconstruct the pixels that are corrupted by random - value impulse noises . the proposed method can also detect and correct the corrupted pixels . moreover , in a simpler case that salt and pepper noise is ←
→ postprocessing of compressed images via sequential denoising ; in this work we propose a novel postprocessing technique for compression - artifact reduction . our approach is based on posing this task as an inverse problem , with a regularization that leverages on existing state - of - the - art image denoising algorithms . we rely on the recently proposed plug - and - play prior framework , suggesting the solution of general inverse problems via alternating direction method of multipliers ( admm ), leading to a sequence of ←
→ learning constructive primitives for online level generation and real - time content adaptation in super mario bros ; procedural content generation ( pcg ) is of great interest to game design and development as it generates game content automatically . motivated by the recent learning - based pcg framework and other existing pcg works , we propose an alternative approach to online content generation and adaptation in super mario bros ( smb ). unlike most of existing works in smb , our approach exploits the synergy b ←
→ norm - preserving orthogonal permutation linear unit activation functions ( oplu ) ; we propose a novel activation function that implements piece - wise orthogonal non - linear mappings based on permutations . it is straightforward to implement , and very computationally efficient , also it has little memory requirements . we tested it on two toy problems for feedforward and recurrent networks , it shows similar performance to tanh and relu . oplu activation function ensures norm preservance of the backpropagated gradi ←
→ robust gaussian graphical modeling with the trimmed graphical lasso ; gaussian graphical models ( ggms ) are popular tools for studying network structures . however , many modern applications such as gene network discovery and social interactions analysis often involve high - dimensional noisy data with outliers or heavier tails than the gaussian distribution . in this paper , we propose the trimmed graphical lasso for robust estimation of sparse ggms . our method guards against outliers by an implicit trimming mech ←
→ toward multilingual neural machine translation with universal encoder and decoder ; in this paper , we present our first attempts in building a multilingual neural machine translation framework under a unified approach . we are then able to employ attention - based nmt for many - to - many multilingual translation tasks . our approach does not require any special treatment on the network architecture and it allows us to learn minimal number of free parameters in a standard way of training . our approach has shown i ←
→ the bistable brain : a neuronal model with symbiotic interactions ; in general , the behavior of large and complex aggregates of elementary components can not be understood nor extrapolated from the properties of a few components . the brain is a good example of this type of networked systems where some patterns of behavior are observed independently of the topology and of the number of coupled units . following this insight , we have studied the dynamics of different aggregates of logistic maps according to a p ←
→ acoustic feature learning via deep variational canonical correlation analysis ; we study the problem of acoustic feature learning in the setting where we have access to another ( non - acoustic ) modality for feature learning but not at test time . we use deep variational canonical correlation analysis ( vcca ), a recently proposed deep generative method for multi - view representation learning . we also extend vcca with improved latent variable priors and with adversarial learning . compared to other techniques for ←
→ on elementary loops of logic programs ; using the notion of an elementary loop , gebser and schaub refined the theorem on loop formulas due to lin and zhao by considering loop formulas of elementary loops only . in this article , we reformulate their definition of an elementary loop , extend it to disjunctive programs , and study several properties of elementary loops , including how maximal elementary loops are related to minimal unfounded sets . the results provide useful insights into the stable model semantics ←
→ variational approaches for auto - encoding generative adversarial networks ; auto - encoding generative adversarial networks ( gans ) combine the standard gan algorithm , which discriminates between real and model - generated data , with a reconstruction loss given by an auto - encoder . such models aim to prevent mode collapse in the learned generative model by ensuring that it is grounded in all the available training data . in this paper , we develop a principle upon which auto - encoders can be combined with generative ←
→ escape from cells : deep kd - networks for the recognition of 3d point cloud models ; we present a new deep learning architecture ( called kd - network ) that is designed for 3d model recognition tasks and works with unstructured point clouds . the new architecture performs multiplicative transformations and share parameters of these transformations according to the subdivisions of the point clouds imposed onto them by kd - trees . unlike the currently dominant convolutional architectures that usually require raster ←
→ computational model of music sight reading : a reinforcement learning approach ; although the music sight reading process has been studied from the cognitive psychology view points , but the computational learning methods like the reinforcement learning have not yet been used to modeling of such processes . in this paper , with regards to essential properties of our specific problem , we consider the value function concept and will indicate that the optimum policy can be obtained by the method we offer without ←
→ tracking sentiment in mail : how genders differ on emotional axes ; with the widespread use of email , we now have access to unprecedented amounts of text that we ourselves have written . in this paper , we show how sentiment analysis can be used in tandem with effective visualizations to quantify and track emotions in many types of mail . we create a large word -- emotion association lexicon by crowdsourcing , and use it to compare emotions in love letters , hate mail , and suicide notes . we show that there are mark ←
→ traffic accident analysis using decision trees and neural networks ; the costs of fatalities and injuries due to traffic accident have a great impact on society . this paper presents our research to model the severity of injury resulting from traffic accidents using artificial neural networks and decision trees . we have applied them to an actual data set obtained from the national automotive sampling system ( nass ) general estimates system ( ges ). experiment results reveal that in all the cases the decision tr ←
→ real - world anomaly detection in surveillance videos ; surveillance videos are able to capture a variety of realistic anomalies . in this paper , we propose to learn anomalies by exploiting both normal and anomalous videos . to avoid annotating the anomalous segments or clips in training videos , which is very time consuming , we propose to learn anomaly through the deep multiple instance ranking framework by leveraging weakly labeled training videos , i . e . the training labels ( anomalous or normal ) are at video - le ←
→ comparative study of eco and cfnet trackers in noisy environment ; object tracking is one of the most challenging task and has secured significant attention of computer vision researchers in the past two decades . recent deep learning based trackers have shown good performance on various tracking challenges . a tracking method should track objects in sequential frames accurately in challenges such as deformation , low resolution , occlusion , scale and light variations . most trackers achieve good performance on ←
→ statistical active learning algorithms for noise tolerance and differential privacy ; we describe a framework for designing efficient active learning algorithms that are tolerant to random classification noise and are differentially - private . the framework is based on active learning algorithms that are statistical in the sense that they rely on estimates of expectations of functions of filtered random examples . it builds on the powerful statistical query framework of kearns ( 1993 ). we show that any effi ←
→ l $^ 3 $- svms : landmarks - based linear local support vectors machines ; for their ability to capture non - linearities in the data and to scale to large training sets , local support vector machines ( svms ) have received a special attention during the past decade . in this paper , we introduce a new local svm method , called l $^ 3 $- svms , which clusters the input space , carries out dimensionality reduction by projecting the data on landmarks , and jointly learns a linear combination of local models . simple and effective ,←
→ groupwise constrained reconstruction for subspace clustering ; reconstruction based subspace clustering methods compute a self reconstruction matrix over the samples and use it for spectral clustering to obtain the final clustering result . their success largely relies on the assumption that the underlying subspaces are independent , which , however , does not always hold in the applications with increasing number of subspaces . in this paper , we propose a novel reconstruction based subspace clustering model wit ←
→ shift - net : image inpainting via deep feature rearrangement ; deep convolutional networks ( cnns ) have exhibited their potential in image inpainting for producing plausible results . however , in most existing methods , e . g ., context encoder , the missing parts are predicted by propagating the surrounding convolutional features through a fully connected layer , which intends to produce semantically plausible but blurry result . in this paper , we introduce a special shift - connection layer to the u - net architecture , n ←
→ medoids in almost linear time via multi - armed bandits ; computing the medoid of a large number of points in high - dimensional space is an increasingly common operation in many data science problems . we present an algorithm med - dit which uses o ( n log n ) distance evaluations to compute the medoid with high probability . med - dit is based on a connection with the multi - armed bandit problem . we evaluate the performance of med - dit empirically on the netflix - prize and the single - cell rna - seq datasets , containing hun ←
→ automatic classification of functional gait disorders ; this article proposes a comprehensive investigation of the automatic classification of functional gait disorders based solely on ground reaction force ( grf ) measurements . the aim of the study is twofold : ( 1 ) to investigate the suitability of stateof - the - art grf parameterization techniques ( representations ) for the discrimination of functional gait disorders ; and ( 2 ) to provide a first performance baseline for the automated classification of functional ←
→ riemannian metrics for neural networks i : feedforward networks ; we describe four algorithms for neural network training , each adapted to different scalability constraints . these algorithms are mathematically principled and invariant under a number of transformations in data and network representation , from which performance is thus independent . these algorithms are obtained from the setting of differential geometry , and are based on either the natural gradient using the fisher information matrix , or on hes ←
→ crosscat : a fully bayesian nonparametric method for analyzing heterogeneous , high dimensional data ; there is a widespread need for statistical methods that can analyze high - dimensional datasets with - out imposing restrictive or opaque modeling assumptions . this paper describes a domain - general data analysis method called crosscat . crosscat infers multiple non - overlapping views of the data , each consisting of a subset of the variables , and uses a separate nonparametric mixture to model each view . crosscat ←
→ streaming architecture for large - scale quantized neural networks on an fpga - based dataflow platform ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) are used by different applications that are executed on a range of computer architectures , from iot devices to supercomputers . the footprint of these networks is huge as well as their computational and communication needs . in order to ease the pressure on resources , research indicates that in many cases a low precision representation ( 1 - 2 bit per parameter ) of weights and other ←
→ the language of search ; this paper is concerned with a class of algorithms that perform exhaustive search on propositional knowledge bases . we show that each of these algorithms defines and generates a propositional language . specifically , we show that the trace of a search can be interpreted as a combinational circuit , and a search algorithm then defines a propositional language consisting of circuits that are generated across all possible executions of the algorithm . in particular , we show that several v ←
→ evolutionary algorithms : concepts , designs , and applications in bioinformatics : evolutionary algorithms for bioinformatics ; since genetic algorithm was proposed by john holland ( holland j . h ., 1975 ) in the early 1970s , the study of evolutionary algorithm has emerged as a popular research field ( civicioglu & besdok , 2013 ). researchers from various scientific and engineering disciplines have been digging into this field , exploring the unique power of evolutionary algorithms ( hadka & reed , 2013 ). many appli ←
→ a consistent deterministic regression tree for non - parametric prediction of time series ; we study online prediction of bounded stationary ergodic processes . to do so , we consider the setting of prediction of individual sequences and build a deterministic regression tree that performs asymptotically as well as the best l - lipschitz constant predictors . then , we show why the obtained regret bound entails the asymptotical optimality with respect to the class of bounded stationary ergodic processes .←
→ convolutional sparse coding with overlapping group norms ; the most widely used form of convolutional sparse coding uses an $\ ell_1 $ regularization term . while this approach has been successful in a variety of applications , a limitation of the $\ ell_1 $ penalty is that it is homogeneous across the spatial and filter index dimensions of the sparse representation array , so that sparsity cannot be separately controlled across these dimensions . the present paper considers the consequences of replacing the $\ ell_ ←
→ bucking the trend : large - scale cost - focused active learning for statistical machine translation ; we explore how to improve machine translation systems by adding more translation data in situations where we already have substantial resources . the main challenge is how to buck the trend of diminishing returns that is commonly encountered . we present an active learning - style data solicitation algorithm to meet this challenge . we test it , gathering annotations via amazon mechanical turk , and find that we get ←
→ learning word relatedness over time ; search systems are often focused on providing relevant results for the " now ", assuming both corpora and user needs that focus on the present . however , many corpora today reflect significant longitudinal collections ranging from 20 years of the web to hundreds of years of digitized newspapers and books . understanding the temporal intent of the user and retrieving the most relevant historical content has become a significant challenge . common search features , such as quer ←
→ fast differentially private matrix factorization ; differentially private collaborative filtering is a challenging task , both in terms of accuracy and speed . we present a simple algorithm that is provably differentially private , while offering good performance , using a novel connection of differential privacy to bayesian posterior sampling via stochastic gradient langevin dynamics . due to its simplicity the algorithm lends itself to efficient implementation . by careful systems design and by exploiting the p ←
→ large - scale 3d scene classification with multi - view volumetric cnn ; we introduce a method to classify imagery using a convo - lutional neural network ( cnn ) on multi - view image pro - jections . the power of our method comes from using pro - jections of multiple images at multiple depth planes near the reconstructed surface . this enables classification of categories whose salient aspect is appearance change un - der different viewpoints , such as water , trees , and other materials with complex reflection / light resp ←
→ recover canonical - view faces in the wild with deep neural networks ; face images in the wild undergo large intra - personal variations , such as poses , illuminations , occlusions , and low resolutions , which cause great challenges to face - related applications . this paper addresses this challenge by proposing a new deep learning framework that can recover the canonical view of face images . it dramatically reduces the intra - person variances , while maintaining the inter - person discriminativeness . unlike the existin ←
→ scaling the scattering transform : deep hybrid networks ; we use the scattering network as a generic and fixed ini - tialization of the first layers of a supervised hybrid deep network . we show that early layers do not necessarily need to be learned , providing the best results to - date with pre - defined representations while being competitive with deep cnns . using a shallow cascade of 1 x 1 convolutions , which encodes scattering coefficients that correspond to spatial windows of very small sizes , permits to obta ←
→ feature tracking cardiac magnetic resonance via deep learning and spline optimization ; feature tracking cardiac magnetic resonance ( cmr ) has recently emerged as an area of interest for quantification of regional cardiac function from balanced , steady state free precession ( ssfp ) cine sequences . however , currently available techniques lack full automation , limiting reproducibility . we propose a fully automated technique whereby a cmr image sequence is first segmented with a deep , fully convolutional neura ←
→ contextual bandits with stochastic experts ; we consider the problem of contextual bandits with stochastic experts , which is a variation of the traditional stochastic contextual bandit with experts problem . in our problem setting , we assume access to a class of stochastic experts , where each expert is a conditional distribution over the arms given a context . we propose upper - confidence bound ( ucb ) algorithms for this problem , which employ two different importance sampling based estimators for the mean rewar ←
→ learning from complex systems : on the roles of entropy and fisher information in pairwise isotropic gaussian markov random fields ; markov random field models are powerful tools for the study of complex systems . however , little is known about how the interactions between the elements of such systems are encoded , especially from an information - theoretic perspective . in this paper , our goal is to enlight the connection between fisher information , shannon entropy , information geometry and the behavior of com ←
→ a novel multivariate performance optimization method based on sparse coding and hyper - predictor learning ; in this paper , we investigate the problem of optimization multivariate performance measures , and propose a novel algorithm for it . different from traditional machine learning methods which optimize simple loss functions to learn prediction function , the problem studied in this paper is how to learn effective hyper - predictor for a tuple of data points , so that a complex loss function corresponding to ←
→ super - resolution with deep adaptive image resampling ; deep learning based methods have recently pushed the state - of - the - art on the problem of single image super - resolution ( sisr ). in this work , we revisit the more traditional interpolation - based methods , that were popular before , now with the help of deep learning . in particular , we propose to use a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to estimate spatially variant interpolation kernels and apply the estimated kernels adaptively to each position in the image ←
→ strategies and principles of distributed machine learning on big data ; the rise of big data has led to new demands for machine learning ( ml ) systems to learn complex models with millions to billions of parameters , that promise adequate capacity to digest massive datasets and offer powerful predictive analytics thereupon . in order to run ml algorithms at such scales , on a distributed cluster with 10s to 1000s of machines , it is often the case that significant engineering efforts are required --- and one mig ←
→ learning phrase representations using rnn encoder - decoder for statistical machine translation ; in this paper , we propose a novel neural network model called rnn encoder - decoder that consists of two recurrent neural networks ( rnn ). one rnn encodes a sequence of symbols into a fixed - length vector representation , and the other decodes the representation into another sequence of symbols . the encoder and decoder of the proposed model are jointly trained to maximize the conditional probability of a target sequ ←
→$ l_1 $- regularized outlier isolation and regression ; this paper proposed a new regression model called $ l_1 $- regularized outlier isolation and regression ( loire ) and a fast algorithm based on block coordinate descent to solve this model . besides , assuming outliers are gross errors following a bernoulli process , this paper also presented a bernoulli estimate model which , in theory , should be very accurate and robust due to its complete elimination of affections caused by outliers . though this bernoulli estim ←
→ a computational memory and processing model for processing ; this paper links prosody to the information in a text and how it is processed by the speaker . it describes the operation and output of loq , a text - to - speech implementation that includes a model of limited attention and working memory . attentional limitations are key . varying the attentional parameter in the simulations varies in turn what counts as given and new in a text , and therefore , the intonational contours with which it is uttered . currentl ←
→ practical methods for proving termination of general logic programs ; termination of logic programs with negated body atoms ( here called general logic programs ) is an important topic . one reason is that many computational mechanisms used to process negated atoms , like clark ' s negation as failure and chan ' s constructive negation , are based on termination conditions . this paper introduces a methodology for proving termination of general logic programs w . r . t . the prolog selection rule . the idea is to distingui ←
→ energy propagation in deep convolutional neural networks ; many practical machine learning tasks employ very deep convolutional neural networks . such large depths pose formidable computational challenges in training and operating the network . it is therefore important to understand how fast the energy contained in the propagated signals ( a . k . a . feature maps ) decays across layers . in addition , it is desirable that the feature extractor generated by the network be informative in the sense of the only signal m ←
→ people on drugs : credibility of user statements in health communities ; online health communities are a valuable source of information for patients and physicians . however , such user - generated resources are often plagued by inaccuracies and misinformation . in this work we propose a method for automatically establishing the credibility of user - generated medical statements and the trustworthiness of their authors by exploiting linguistic cues and distant supervision from expert sources . to this end we introdu ←
→ distributionally robust submodular maximization ; submodular functions have applications throughout machine learning , but in many settings , we do not have direct access to the underlying function $ f $. we focus on stochastic functions that are given as an expectation of functions over a distribution $ p $. in practice , we often have only a limited set of samples $ f_i $ from $ p $. the standard approach indirectly optimizes $ f $ by maximizing the sum of $ f_i $. however , this ignores generalization to the true ( unkno ←
→ investigation of language understanding impact for reinforcement learning based dialogue systems ; language understanding is a key component in a spoken dialogue system . in this paper , we investigate how the language understanding module influences the dialogue system performance by conducting a series of systematic experiments on a task - oriented neural dialogue system in a reinforcement learning based setting . the empirical study shows that among different types of language understanding errors , slot - lev ←
→ improving scalability of inductive logic programming via pruning and best - effort optimisation ; inductive logic programming ( ilp ) combines rule - based and statistical artificial intelligence methods , by learning a hypothesis comprising a set of rules given background knowledge and constraints for the search space . we focus on extending the xhail algorithm for ilp which is based on answer set programming and we evaluate our extensions using the natural language processing application of sentence chunking . w ←
→ scientific collaborations : principles of wikibridge design ; semantic wikis , wikis enhanced with semantic web technologies , are appropriate systems for community - authored knowledge models . they are particularly suitable for scientific collaboration . this paper details the design principles ofwikibridge , a semantic wiki .←
→ face alignment using active shape model and support vector machine ; the active shape model ( asm ) is one of the most popular local texture models for face alignment . it applies in many fields such as locating facial features in the image , face synthesis , etc . however , the experimental results show that the accuracy of the classical asm for some applications is not high . this paper suggests some improvements on the classical asm to increase the performance of the model in the application : face alignment . fou ←
→ relevant based structure learning for feature selection ; feature selection is an important task in many problems occurring in pattern recognition , bioinformatics , machine learning and data mining applications . the feature selection approach enables us to reduce the computation burden and the falling accuracy effect of dealing with huge number of features in typical learning problems . there is a variety of techniques for feature selection in supervised learning problems based on different selection metrics .←
→ kernel distillation for gaussian processes ; gaussian processes ( gps ) are flexible models that can capture complex structure in large - scale dataset due to their non - parametric nature . however , the usage of gps in real - world application is limited due to their high computational cost at inference time . in this paper , we introduce a new framework , \ textit { kernel distillation }, for kernel matrix approximation . the idea adopts from knowledge distillation in deep learning community , where we approximate a fully ←
→ initial version of state transition algorithm ; in terms of the concepts of state and state transition , a new algorithm - state transition algorithm ( sta ) is proposed in order to probe into classical and intelligent optimization algorithms . on the basis of state and state transition , it becomes much simpler and easier to understand . as for continuous function optimization problems , three special operators named rotation , translation and expansion are presented . while for discrete function optimization problem ←
→ on the complexity of bandit linear optimization ; we study the attainable regret for online linear optimization problems with bandit feedback , where unlike the full - information setting , the player can only observe its own loss rather than the full loss vector . we show that the price of bandit information in this setting can be as large as $ d $, disproving the well - known conjecture that the regret for bandit linear optimization is at most $\ sqrt { d }$ times the full - information regret . surprisingly , this is sho ←
→ infinite hidden relational models ; in many cases it makes sense to model a relationship symmetrically , not implying any particular directionality . consider the classical example of a recommendation system where the rating of an item by a user should symmetrically be dependent on the attributes of both the user and the item . the attributes of the ( known ) relationships are also relevant for predicting attributes of entities and for predicting attributes of new relations . in recommendation systems , the exploi ←
→ deepvo : towards end - to - end visual odometry with deep recurrent convolutional neural networks ; this paper studies monocular visual odometry ( vo ) problem . most of existing vo algorithms are developed under a standard pipeline including feature extraction , feature matching , motion estimation , local optimisation , etc . although some of them have demonstrated superior performance , they usually need to be carefully designed and specifically fine - tuned to work well in different environments . some prior knowledge ←
→ grounded semantic composition for visual scenes ; we present a visually - grounded language understanding model based on a study of how people verbally describe objects in scenes . the emphasis of the model is on the combination of individual word meanings to produce meanings for complex referring expressions . the model has been implemented , and it is able to understand a broad range of spatial referring expressions . we describe our implementation of word level visually - grounded semantics and their embedding i ←
→ a hybrid multi objective particle swarm optimization method to discover biclusters in microarray data ; in recent years , with the development of microarray technique , discovery of useful knowledge from microarray data has become very important . biclustering is a very useful data mining technique for discovering genes which have similar behavior . in microarray data , several objectives have to be optimized simultaneously and often these objectives are in conflict with each other . a multi objective model is ←
→ substitute based scode word embeddings in supervised nlp tasks ; we analyze a word embedding method in supervised tasks . it maps words on a sphere such that words co - occurring in similar contexts lie closely . the similarity of contexts is measured by the distribution of substitutes that can fill them . we compared word embeddings , including more recent representations , in named entity recognition ( ner ), chunking , and dependency parsing . we examine our framework in multilingual dependency parsing as well . the ←
→ an instability in variational inference for topic models ; topic models are bayesian models that are frequently used to capture the latent structure of certain corpora of documents or images . each data element in such a corpus ( for instance each item in a collection of scientific articles ) is regarded as a convex combination of a small number of vectors corresponding to ` topics ' or ` components '. the weights are assumed to have a dirichlet prior distribution . the standard approach towards approximating the p ←
→ graphlab : a new framework for parallel machine learning ; designing and implementing efficient , provably correct parallel machine learning ( ml ) algorithms is challenging . existing high - level parallel abstractions like mapreduce are insufficiently expressive while low - level tools like mpi and pthreads leave ml experts repeatedly solving the same design challenges . by targeting common patterns in ml , we developed graphlab , which improves upon abstractions like mapreduce by compactly expressing asynchronous it ←
→ implementation of radon transformation for electrical impedance tomography ( eit ) ; radon transformation is generally used to construct optical image ( like ct image ) from the projection data in biomedical imaging . in this paper , the concept of radon transformation is implemented to reconstruct electrical impedance topographic image ( conductivity or resistivity distribution ) of a circular subject . a parallel resistance model of a subject is proposed for electrical impedance topography ( eit ) or magnetic induc ←
→ sherlock : sparse hierarchical embeddings for visually - aware one - class collaborative filtering ; building successful recommender systems requires uncovering the underlying dimensions that describe the properties of items as well as users ' preferences toward them . in domains like clothing recommendation , explaining users ' preferences requires modeling the visual appearance of the items in question . this makes recommendation especially challenging , due to both the complexity and subtlety of people ' s ' visual ←
→ measuring the tendency of cnns to learn surface statistical regularities ; deep cnns are known to exhibit the following peculiarity : on the one hand they generalize extremely well to a test set , while on the other hand they are extremely sensitive to so - called adversarial perturbations . the extreme sensitivity of high performance cnns to adversarial examples casts serious doubt that these networks are learning high level abstractions in the dataset . we are concerned with the following question : how can a de ←
→ learning to play in a day : faster deep reinforcement learning by optimality tightening ; we propose a novel training algorithm for reinforcement learning which combines the strength of deep q - learning with a constrained optimization approach to tighten optimality and encourage faster reward propagation . our novel technique makes deep reinforcement learning more practical by drastically reducing the training time . we evaluate the performance of our approach on the 49 games of the challenging arcade learnin ←
→ cohomology of cryo - electron microscopy ; the goal of cryo - electron microscopy ( em ) is to reconstruct the 3 - dimensional structure of a molecule from a collection of its 2 - dimensional projected images . in this article , we show that the basic premise of cryo - em --- patching together 2 - dimensional projections to reconstruct a 3 - dimensional object --- is naturally one of cech cohomology with so ( 2 )- coefficients . we deduce that every cryo - em reconstruction problem corresponds to an oriented circle bundle on a simp ←
→ privacy preserving spam filtering ; email is a private medium of communication , and the inherent privacy constraints form a major obstacle in developing effective spam filtering methods which require access to a large amount of email data belonging to multiple users . to mitigate this problem , we envision a privacy preserving spam filtering system , where the server is able to train and evaluate a logistic regression based spam classifier on the combined email data of all users without being able to observe a ←
→ analysing temporal evolution of interlingual wikipedia article pairs ; wikipedia articles representing an entity or a topic in different language editions evolve independently within the scope of the language - specific user communities . this can lead to different points of views reflected in the articles , as well as complementary and inconsistent information . an analysis of how the information is propagated across the wikipedia language editions can provide important insights in the article evolution along t ←
→ attention - aware face hallucination via deep reinforcement learning ; face hallucination is a domain - specific super - resolution problem with the goal to generate high - resolution ( hr ) faces from low - resolution ( lr ) input images . in contrast to existing methods that often learn a single patch - to - patch mapping from lr to hr images and are regardless of the contextual interdependency between patches , we propose a novel attention - aware face hallucination ( attention - fh ) framework which resorts to deep reinforcement ←
→ the multiscale laplacian graph kernel ; many real world graphs , such as the graphs of molecules , exhibit structure at multiple different scales , but most existing kernels between graphs are either purely local or purely global in character . in contrast , by building a hierarchy of nested subgraphs , the multiscale laplacian graph kernels ( mlg kernels ) that we define in this paper can account for structure at a range of different scales . at the heart of the mlg construction is another new graph kernel , called ←
→ bin packing under multiple objectives - a heuristic approximation approach ; the article proposes a heuristic approximation approach to the bin packing problem under multiple objectives . in addition to the traditional objective of minimizing the number of bins , the heterogeneousness of the elements in each bin is minimized , leading to a biobjective formulation of the problem with a tradeoff between the number of bins and their heterogeneousness . an extension of the best - fit approximation algorithm is pres ←
→ synapcountj --- a tool for analyzing synaptic densities in neurons ; the quantification of synapses is instrumental to measure the evolution of synaptic densities of neurons under the effect of some physiological conditions , neuronal diseases or even drug treatments . however , the manual quantification of synapses is a tedious , error - prone , time - consuming and subjective task ; therefore , tools that might automate this process are desirable . in this paper , we present synapcountj , an imagej plugin , that can mea ←
→ 3d human pose estimation in rgbd images for robotic task learning ; we propose an approach to estimate 3d human pose in real world units from a single rgbd image and show that it exceeds performance of monocular 3d pose estimation approaches from color as well as pose estimation exclusively from depth . our approach builds on robust human keypoint detectors for color images and incorporates depth for lifting into 3d . we combine the system with our learning from demonstration framework to instruct a service r ←
→ exploration of proximity heuristics in length normalization ; ranking functions used in information retrieval are primarily used in the search engines and they are often adopted for various language processing applications . however , features used in the construction of ranking functions should be analyzed before applying it on a data set . this paper gives guidelines on construction of generalized ranking functions with application - dependent features . the paper prescribes a specific case of a generalized fun ←
→ optimal multi - object segmentation with novel gradient vector flow based shape priors ; shape priors have been widely utilized in medical image segmentation to improve segmentation accuracy and robustness . a major way to encode such a prior shape model is to use a mesh representation , which is prone to causing self - intersection or mesh folding . those problems require complex and expensive algorithms to mitigate . in this paper , we propose a novel shape prior directly embedded in the voxel grid space , based ←
→ satzilla : portfolio - based algorithm selection for sat ; it has been widely observed that there is no single " dominant " sat solver ; instead , different solvers perform best on different instances . rather than following the traditional approach of choosing the best solver for a given class of instances , we advocate making this decision online on a per - instance basis . building on previous work , we describe satzilla , an automated approach for constructing per - instance algorithm portfolios for sat that use so - cal ←
→ a case study of algorithm selection for the traveling thief problem ; many real - world problems are composed of several interacting components . in order to facilitate research on such interactions , the traveling thief problem ( ttp ) was created in 2013 as the combination of two well - understood combinatorial optimization problems . with this article , we contribute in four ways . first , we create a comprehensive dataset that comprises the performance data of 21 ttp algorithms on the full original set of 9720 tt ←
→ sample - efficient nonstationary policy evaluation for contextual bandits ; we present and prove properties of a new offline policy evaluator for an exploration learning setting which is superior to previous evaluators . in particular , it simultaneously and correctly incorporates techniques from importance weighting , doubly robust evaluation , and nonstationary policy evaluation approaches . in addition , our approach allows generating longer histories by careful control of a bias - variance tradeoff , and further d ←
→ prediction of infectious disease epidemics via weighted density ensembles ; accurate and reliable predictions of infectious disease dynamics can be valuable to public health organizations that plan interventions to decrease or prevent disease transmission . a great variety of models have been developed for this task , using different model structures , covariates , and targets for prediction . experience has shown that the performance of these models varies ; some tend to do better or worse in different seasons ←
→ clifford fourier - mellin transform with two real square roots of - 1 in cl ( p , q ), p + q = 2 ; we describe a non - commutative generalization of the complex fourier - mellin transform to clifford algebra valued signal functions over the domain $\ r ^{ p , q }$ taking values in cl ( p , q ), p + q = 2 . keywords : algebra , fourier transforms ; logic , set theory , and algebra , fourier analysis , integral transforms ←
→ engineering safety in machine learning ; machine learning algorithms are increasingly influencing our decisions and interacting with us in all parts of our daily lives . therefore , just like for power plants , highways , and myriad other engineered sociotechnical systems , we must consider the safety of systems involving machine learning . in this paper , we first discuss the definition of safety in terms of risk , epistemic uncertainty , and the harm incurred by unwanted outcomes . then we examine dimensions , such ←
→ the space of transferable adversarial examples ; adversarial examples are maliciously perturbed inputs designed to mislead machine learning ( ml ) models at test - time . they often transfer : the same adversarial example fools more than one model . in this work , we propose novel methods for estimating the previously unknown dimensionality of the space of adversarial inputs . we find that adversarial examples span a contiguous subspace of large (~ 25 ) dimensionality . adversarial subspaces with higher dimensionalit ←
→ psf field learning based on optimal transport distances ; context : in astronomy , observing large fractions of the sky within a reasonable amount of time implies using large field - of - view ( fov ) optical instruments that typically have a spatially varying point spread function ( psf ). depending on the scientific goals , galaxies images need to be corrected for the psf whereas no direct measurement of the psf is available . aims : given a set of psfs observed at random locations , we want to estimate the psfs at gal ←
→ color and shape content based image classification using rbf network and pso technique : a survey ; the improvement of the accuracy of image query retrieval used image classification technique . image classification is well known technique of supervised learning . the improved method of image classification increases the working efficiency of image query retrieval . for the improvements of classification technique we used rbf neural network function for better prediction of feature used in image retrieval . col ←
→ online batch selection for faster training of neural networks ; deep neural networks are commonly trained using stochastic non - convex optimization procedures , which are driven by gradient information estimated on fractions ( batches ) of the dataset . while it is commonly accepted that batch size is an important parameter for offline tuning , the benefits of online selection of batches remain poorly understood . we investigate online batch selection strategies for two state - of - the - art methods of stochastic gradi ←
→ solving equations of random convex functions via anchored regression ; we consider the question of estimating a solution to a system of equations that involve convex nonlinearities , a problem that is common in machine learning and signal processing . because of these nonlinearities , conventional estimators based on empirical risk minimization generally involve solving a non - convex optimization program . we propose anchored regression , a new approach based on convex programming that amounts to maximizing a lin ←
→ unsupervised learning of face representations ; we present an approach for unsupervised training of cnns in order to learn discriminative face representations . we mine supervised training data by noting that multiple faces in the same video frame must belong to different persons and the same face tracked across multiple frames must belong to the same person . we obtain millions of face pairs from hundreds of videos without using any manual supervision . although faces extracted from videos have a lower spatia ←
→ sparse polynomial learning and graph sketching ; let $ f :\{- 1 , 1 \}^ n $ be a polynomial with at most $ s $ non - zero real coefficients . we give an algorithm for exactly reconstructing f given random examples from the uniform distribution on $\{- 1 , 1 \}^ n $ that runs in time polynomial in $ n $ and $ 2s $ and succeeds if the function satisfies the unique sign property : there is one output value which corresponds to a unique set of values of the participating parities . this sufficient condition is satisfied when every coef ←
→ coercive region - level registration for multi - modal images ; we propose a coercive approach to simultaneously register and segment multi - modal images which share similar spatial structure . registration is done at the region level to facilitate data fusion while avoiding the need for interpolation . the algorithm performs alternating minimization of an objective function informed by statistical models for pixel values in different modalities . hypothesis tests are developed to determine whether to refine segmen ←
→ pinview : implicit feedback in content - based image retrieval ; this paper describes pinview , a content - based image retrieval system that exploits implicit relevance feedback collected during a search session . pinview contains several novel methods to infer the intent of the user . from relevance feedback , such as eye movements or pointer clicks , and visual features of images , pinview learns a similarity metric between images which depends on the current interests of the user . it then retrieves images with a s ←
→ simple and effective dimensionality reduction for word embeddings ; word embeddings have become the basic building blocks for several natural language processing and information retrieval tasks . pre - trained word embeddings are used in several downstream applications as well as for constructing representations for sentences , paragraphs and documents . recently , there has been an emphasis on further improving the pre - trained word vectors through post - processing algorithms . one such area of improvement is the d ←
→ sequence - to - sequence generation for spoken dialogue via deep syntax trees and strings ; we present a natural language generator based on the sequence - to - sequence approach that can be trained to produce natural language strings as well as deep syntax dependency trees from input dialogue acts , and we use it to directly compare two - step generation with separate sentence planning and surface realization stages to a joint , one - step approach . we were able to train both setups successfully using very little trai ←
→ towards practical verification of machine learning : the case of computer vision systems ; due to the increasing usage of machine learning ( ml ) techniques in security - and safety - critical domains , such as autonomous systems and medical diagnosis , ensuring correct behavior of ml systems , especially for different corner cases , is of growing importance . in this paper , we propose a generic framework for evaluating security and robustness of ml systems using different real - world safety properties . we further de ←
→ a constraint logic programming approach for computing ordinal conditional functions ; in order to give appropriate semantics to qualitative conditionals of the form " if a then normally b ", ordinal conditional functions ( ocfs ) ranking the possible worlds according to their degree of plausibility can be used . an ocf accepting all conditionals of a knowledge base r can be characterized as the solution of a constraint satisfaction problem . we present a high - level , declarative approach using constraint logic p ←
→ bayesian optimization with gradients ; bayesian optimization has been successful at global optimization of expensive - to - evaluate multimodal objective functions . however , unlike most optimization methods , bayesian optimization typically does not use derivative information . in this paper we show how bayesian optimization can exploit derivative information to decrease the number of objective function evaluations required for good performance . in particular , we develop a novel bayesian optimization algorithm , t ←
→ deep learning for identifying radiogenomic associations in breast cancer ; purpose : to determine whether deep learning models can distinguish between breast cancer molecular subtypes based on dynamic contrast - enhanced magnetic resonance imaging ( dce - mri ). materials and methods : in this institutional review board - approved single - center study , we analyzed dce - mr images of 270 patients at our institution . lesions of interest were identified by radiologists . the task was to automatically determine whether the t ←
→ hierarchical mixtures - of - experts for exponential family regression models with generalized linear mean functions : a survey of approximation and consistency results ; we investigate a class of hierarchical mixtures - of - experts ( hme ) models where exponential family regression models with generalized linear mean functions of the form psi ( ga + fx ^ tfgb ) are mixed . here psi (...) is the inverse link function . suppose the true response y follows an exponential family regression model with mean function belonging t ←
→ feature mapping for learning fast and accurate 3d pose inference from synthetic images ; we propose a simple and efficient method for exploiting synthetic images when training a deep network to predict a 3d pose from an image . the ability of using synthetic images for training a deep network is extremely valuable as it is easy to create a virtually infinite training set made of such images , while capturing and annotating real images can be very cumbersome . however , synthetic images do not resemble real im ←
→ deep attention recurrent q - network ; a deep learning approach to reinforcement learning led to a general learner able to train on visual input to play a variety of arcade games at the human and superhuman levels . its creators at the google deepmind ' s team called the approach : deep q - network ( dqn ). we present an extension of dqn by " soft " and " hard " attention mechanisms . tests of the proposed deep attention recurrent q - network ( darqn ) algorithm on multiple atari 2600 games show level of performance superior ←
→ modeling correlations in spontaneous activity of visual cortex with centered gaussian - binary deep boltzmann machines ; spontaneous cortical activity -- the ongoing cortical activities in absence of intentional sensory input -- is considered to play a vital role in many aspects of both normal brain functions and mental dysfunctions . we present a centered gaussian - binary deep boltzmann machine ( gdbm ) for modeling the activity in early cortical visual areas and relate the random sampling in gdbms to the spon ←
→ loop corrections for approximate inference ; we propose a method for improving approximate inference methods that corrects for the influence of loops in the graphical model . the method is applicable to arbitrary factor graphs , provided that the size of the markov blankets is not too large . it is an alternative implementation of an idea introduced recently by montanari and rizzo ( 2005 ). in its simplest form , which amounts to the assumption that no loops are present , the method reduces to the minimal cluster ←
→ a fast deep learning model for textual relevance in biomedical information retrieval ; publications in the life sciences are characterized by a large technical vocabulary , with many lexical and semantic variations for expressing the same concept . towards addressing the problem of relevance in biomedical literature search , we introduce a deep learning model for the relevance of a document ' s text to a keyword style query . limited by a relatively small amount of training data , the model uses pre - trained word ←
→ detection of irregular qrs complexes using hermite transform and support vector machine ; computer based recognition and detection of abnormalities in ecg signals is proposed . for this purpose , the support vector machines ( svm ) are combined with the advantages of hermite transform representation . svm represent a special type of classification techniques commonly used in medical applications . automatic classification of ecg could make the work of cardiologic departments faster and more efficient . it would ←
→ multitask learning for sequence labeling tasks ; in this paper , we present a learning method for sequence labeling tasks in which each example sequence has multiple label sequences . our method learns multiple models , one model for each label sequence . each model computes the joint probability of all label sequences given the example sequence . although each model considers all label sequences , its primary focus is only one label sequence , and therefore , each model becomes a task - specific model , for the task ←
→ bilingual document alignment with latent semantic indexing ; we apply cross - lingual latent semantic indexing to the bilingual document alignment task at wmt16 . reduced - rank singular value decomposition of a bilingual term - document matrix derived from known english / french page pairs in the training data allows us to map monolingual documents into a joint semantic space . two variants of cosine similarity between the vectors that place each document into the joint semantic space are combined with a measure of ←
→ kernel selection using multiple kernel learning and domain adaptation in reproducing kernel hilbert space , for face recognition under surveillance scenario ; face recognition ( fr ) has been the interest to several researchers over the past few decades due to its passive nature of biometric authentication . despite high accuracy achieved by face recognition algorithms under controlled conditions , achieving the same performance for face images obtained in surveillance scenarios , is a major hurdle . some atte ←
→ relational dynamic bayesian networks ; stochastic processes that involve the creation of objects and relations over time are widespread , but relatively poorly studied . for example , accurate fault diagnosis in factory assembly processes requires inferring the probabilities of erroneous assembly operations , but doing this efficiently and accurately is difficult . modeled as dynamic bayesian networks , these processes have discrete variables with very large domains and extremely high dimensionality . in this pape ←
→ tracking the diffusion of named entities ; existing studies of how information diffuses across social networks have thus far concentrated on analysing and recovering the spread of deterministic innovations such as urls , hashtags , and group membership . however investigating how mentions of real - world entities appear and spread has yet to be explored , largely due to the computationally intractable nature of performing large - scale entity extraction . in this paper we present , to the best of our knowledge , one o ←
→ kernel implicit variational inference ; recent progress in variational inference has paid much attention to the flexibility of variational posteriors . one promising direction is to use implicit distributions , i . e ., distributions without tractable densities as the variational posterior . however , existing methods on implicit posteriors still face challenges of noisy estimation and computational infeasibility when applied to models with high - dimensional latent variables . in this paper , we present a new approac ←
→ model - free control for distributed stream data processing using deep reinforcement learning ; in this paper , we focus on general - purpose distributed stream data processing systems ( dsdpss ), which deal with processing of unbounded streams of continuous data at scale distributedly in real or near - real time . a fundamental problem in a dsdps is the scheduling problem with the objective of minimizing average end - to - end tuple processing time . a widely - used solution is to distribute workload evenly over machines ←
→ a new order theory of set systems and better quasi - orderings ; by reformulating a learning process of a set system l as a game between teacher ( presenter of data ) and learner ( updater of the abstract independent set ), we define the order type dim l of l to be the order type of the game tree . the theory of this new order type and continuous , monotone function between set systems corresponds to the theory of well quasi - orderings ( wqos ). as nash - williams developed the theory of wqos to the theory of better qua ←
→ more cat than cute ? interpretable prediction of adjective - noun pairs ; the increasing availability of affect - rich multimedia resources has bolstered interest in understanding sentiment and emotions in and from visual content . adjective - noun pairs ( anp ) are a popular mid - level semantic construct for capturing affect via visually detectable concepts such as " cute dog " or " beautiful landscape ". current state - of - the - art methods approach anp prediction by considering each of these compound concepts as individual ←
→ automating image analysis by annotating landmarks with deep neural networks ; image and video analysis is often a crucial step in the study of animal behavior and kinematics . often these analyses require that the position of one or more animal landmarks are annotated ( marked ) in numerous images . the process of annotating landmarks can require a significant amount of time and tedious labor , which motivates the need for algorithms that can automatically annotate landmarks . in the community of scientists tha ←
→ developing knowledge - enhanced chronic disease risk prediction models from regional ehr repositories ; precision medicine requires the precision disease risk prediction models . in literature , there have been a lot well - established ( inter -) national risk models , but when applying them into the local population , the prediction performance becomes unsatisfactory . to address the localization issue , this paper exploits the way to develop knowledge - enhanced localized risk models . on the one hand , we tune models b ←
→ modality - specific cross - modal similarity measurement with recurrent attention network ; nowadays , cross - modal retrieval plays an indispensable role to flexibly find information across different modalities of data . effectively measuring the similarity between different modalities of data is the key of cross - modal retrieval . different modalities such as image and text have imbalanced and complementary relationships , which contain unequal amount of information when describing the same semantics . for example ,←
→ improving image generative models with human interactions ; gans provide a framework for training generative models which mimic a data distribution . however , in many cases we wish to train these generative models to optimize some auxiliary objective function within the data it generates , such as making more aesthetically pleasing images . in some cases , these objective functions are difficult to evaluate , e . g . they may require human interaction . here , we develop a system for efficiently improving a gan to ta ←
→ a resource - based korean morphological annotation system ; we describe a resource - based method of morphological annotation of written korean text . korean is an agglutinative language . the output of our system is a graph of morphemes annotated with accurate linguistic information . the language resources used by the system can be easily updated , which allows us - ers to control the evolution of the per - formances of the system . we show that morphological annotation of korean text can be performed directly with a ←
→ fuzzy classification of facial component parameters ; this paper presents a novel type - 2 fuzzy logic system to define the shape of a facial component with the crisp output . this work is the part of our main research effort to design a system ( called fasy ) which offers a novel face construction approach based on the textual description and also extracts and analyzes the facial components from a face image by an efficient technique . the fuzzy model , designed in this paper , takes crisp value of width and heigh ←
→ neuromorphic hardware in the loop : training a deep spiking network on the brainscales wafer - scale system ; emulating spiking neural networks on analog neuromorphic hardware offers several advantages over simulating them on conventional computers , particularly in terms of speed and energy consumption . however , this usually comes at the cost of reduced control over the dynamics of the emulated networks . in this paper , we demonstrate how iterative training of a hardware - emulated network can compensate for an ←
→ unsupervised , efficient and semantic expertise retrieval ; we introduce an unsupervised discriminative model for the task of retrieving experts in online document collections . we exclusively employ textual evidence and avoid explicit feature engineering by learning distributed word representations in an unsupervised way . we compare our model to state - of - the - art unsupervised statistical vector space and probabilistic generative approaches . our proposed log - linear model achieves the retrieval performance leve ←
→ online learning with kernel losses ; we present a generalization of the adversarial linear bandits framework , where the underlying losses are kernel functions ( with an associated reproducing kernel hilbert space ) rather than linear functions . we study a version of the exponential weights algorithm and bound its regret in this setting . under conditions on the eigendecay of the kernel we provide a sharp characterization of the regret for this algorithm . when we have polynomial eigendecay $\ mu_j \ le \ mathcal { o ←
→ inferring missing categorical information in noisy and sparse web markup ; embedded markup of web pages has seen widespread adoption throughout the past years driven by standards such as rdfa and microdata and initiatives such as schema . org , where recent studies show an adoption by 39 % of all web pages already in 2016 . while this constitutes an important information source for tasks such as web search , web page classification or knowledge graph augmentation , individual markup nodes are usually sparsely desc ←
→ mining software components from object - oriented apis ; object - oriented application programing interfaces ( apis ) support software reuse by providing pre - implemented functionalities . due to the huge number of included classes , reusing and understanding large apis is a complex task . otherwise , software components are admitted to be more reusable and understandable entities than object - oriented ones . thus , in this paper , we propose an approach for reengineering object - oriented apis into component - based ones . we ←
→ joint binary neural network for multi - label learning with applications to emotion classification ; recently the deep learning techniques have achieved success in multi - label classification due to its automatic representation learning ability and the end - to - end learning framework . existing deep neural networks in multi - label classification can be divided into two kinds : binary relevance neural network ( brnn ) and threshold dependent neural network ( tdnn ). however , the former needs to train a set of isolate ←
→ what matters in a transferable neural network model for relation classification in the biomedical domain ? ; lack of sufficient labeled data often limits the applicability of advanced machine learning algorithms to real life problems . however efficient use of transfer learning ( tl ) has been shown to be very useful across domains . tl utilizes valuable knowledge learned in one task ( source task ), where sufficient data is available , to the task of interest ( target task ). in biomedical and clinical domain , it ←
→ optimizing monotone functions can be difficult ; extending previous analyses on function classes like linear functions , we analyze how the simple ( 1 + 1 ) evolutionary algorithm optimizes pseudo - boolean functions that are strictly monotone . contrary to what one would expect , not all of these functions are easy to optimize . the choice of the constant $ c $ in the mutation probability $ p ( n ) = c / n $ can make a decisive difference . we show that if $ c < 1 $, then the ( 1 + 1 ) evolutionary algorithm finds the optimum of ←
→ online feature selection with group structure analysis ; online selection of dynamic features has attracted intensive interest in recent years . however , existing online feature selection methods evaluate features individually and ignore the underlying structure of feature stream . for instance , in image analysis , features are generated in groups which represent color , texture and other visual information . simply breaking the group structure in feature selection may degrade performance . motivated by this fact ←
→ simultaneous modeling of multiple complications for risk profiling in diabetes care ; type 2 diabetes mellitus ( t2dm ) is a chronic disease that often results in multiple complications . risk prediction and profiling of t2dm complications is critical for healthcare professionals to design personalized treatment plans for patients in diabetes care for improved outcomes . in this paper , we study the risk of developing complications after the initial t2dm diagnosis from longitudinal patient records . we propose ←
→ compressed sensing mri reconstruction using a generative adversarial network with a cyclic loss ; compressed sensing mri ( cs - mri ) has provided theoretical foundations upon which the time - consuming mri acquisition process can be accelerated . however , it primarily relies on iterative numerical solvers which still hinders their adaptation in time - critical applications . in addition , recent advances in deep neural networks have shown their potential in computer vision and image processing , but their adaptation ←
→ posenet : a convolutional network for real - time 6 - dof camera relocalization ; we present a robust and real - time monocular six degree of freedom relocalization system . our system trains a convolutional neural network to regress the 6 - dof camera pose from a single rgb image in an end - to - end manner with no need of additional engineering or graph optimisation . the algorithm can operate indoors and outdoors in real time , taking 5ms per frame to compute . it obtains approximately 2m and 6 degree accuracy for larg ←
→ improving statistical machine translation for a resource - poor language using related resource - rich languages ; we propose a novel language - independent approach for improving machine translation for resource - poor languages by exploiting their similarity to resource - rich ones . more precisely , we improve the translation from a resource - poor source language x_1 into a resource - rich language y given a bi - text containing a limited number of parallel sentences for x_1 - y and a larger bi - text for x_2 - y for some re ←
→ human detection and tracking for video surveillance a cognitive science approach ; with crimes on the rise all around the world , video surveillance is becoming more important day by day . due to the lack of human resources to monitor this increasing number of cameras manually new computer vision algorithms to perform lower and higher level tasks are being developed . we have developed a new method incorporating the most acclaimed histograms of oriented gradients the theory of visual saliency and the salienc ←
→ asynchronous partial overlay : a new algorithm for solving distributed constraint satisfaction problems ; distributed constraint satisfaction ( dcsp ) has long been considered an important problem in multi - agent systems research . this is because many real - world problems can be represented as constraint satisfaction and these problems often present themselves in a distributed form . in this article , we present a new complete , distributed algorithm called asynchronous partial overlay ( apo ) for solving dcsps tha ←
→ quantifying radiographic knee osteoarthritis severity using deep convolutional neural networks ; this paper proposes a new approach to automatically quantify the severity of knee osteoarthritis ( oa ) from radiographs using deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ). clinically , knee oa severity is assessed using kellgren \& lawrence ( kl ) grades , a five point scale . previous work on automatically predicting kl grades from radiograph images were based on training shallow classifiers using a variety of hand eng ←
→ neural network classifiers for natural food products ; two cheap , off - the - shelf machine vision systems ( mvs ), each using an artificial neural network ( ann ) as classifier , were developed , improved and evaluated to automate the classification of tomato ripeness and acceptability of eggs , respectively . six thousand color images of human - graded tomatoes and 750 images of human - graded eggs were used to train , test , and validate several multi - layered anns . the anns output the corresponding grade of the produce by ←
→ task - guided and path - augmented heterogeneous network embedding for author identification ; in this paper , we study the problem of author identification under double - blind review setting , which is to identify potential authors given information of an anonymized paper . different from existing approaches that rely heavily on feature engineering , we propose to use network embedding approach to address the problem , which can automatically represent nodes into lower dimensional feature vectors . however , there a ←
→ on mixed memberships and symmetric nonnegative matrix factorizations ; the problem of finding overlapping communities in networks has gained much attention recently . optimization - based approaches use non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) or variants , but the global optimum cannot be provably attained in general . model - based approaches , such as the popular mixed - membership stochastic blockmodel or mmsb ( airoldi et al ., 2008 ), use parameters for each node to specify the overlapping communities , but standard ←
→ performance evaluation of channel decoding with deep neural networks ; with the demand of high data rate and low latency in fifth generation ( 5g ), deep neural network decoder ( nnd ) has become a promising candidate due to its capability of one - shot decoding and parallel computing . in this paper , three types of nnd , i . e ., multi - layer perceptron ( mlp ), convolution neural network ( cnn ) and recurrent neural network ( rnn ), are proposed with the same parameter magnitude . the performance of these deep neural networ ←
→ deep learning for medical image analysis ; this report describes my research activities in the hasso plattner institute and summarizes my ph . d . plan and several novels , end - to - end trainable approaches for analyzing medical images using deep learning algorithm . in this report , as an example , we explore different novel methods based on deep learning for brain abnormality detection , recognition , and segmentation . this report prepared for the doctoral consortium in the aime - 2017 conference .←
→ extracting bilingual persian italian lexicon from comparable corpora using different types of seed dictionaries ; bilingual dictionaries are very important in various fields of natural language processing . in recent years , research on extracting new bilingual lexicons from non - parallel ( comparable ) corpora have been proposed . almost all use a small existing dictionary or other resource to make an initial list called the " seed dictionary ". in this paper we discuss the use of different types of dictionaries ←
→ non - iterative label propagation on optimal leading forest ; graph based semi - supervised learning ( gssl ) has intuitive representation and can be improved by exploiting the matrix calculation . however , it has to perform iterative optimization to achieve a preset objective , which usually leads to low efficiency . another inconvenience lying in gssl is that when new data come , the graph construction and the optimization have to be conducted all over again . we propose a sound assumption , arguing that : the neighbo ←
→ fast r - cnn ; this paper proposes a fast region - based convolutional network method ( fast r - cnn ) for object detection . fast r - cnn builds on previous work to efficiently classify object proposals using deep convolutional networks . compared to previous work , fast r - cnn employs several innovations to improve training and testing speed while also increasing detection accuracy . fast r - cnn trains the very deep vgg16 network 9x faster than r - cnn , is 213x faster at test - time , and achieves a higher map on pascal voc 2 ←
→ advancing acoustic - to - word ctc model ; the acoustic - to - word model based on the connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) criterion was shown as a natural end - to - end ( e2e ) model directly targeting words as output units . however , the word - based ctc model suffers from the out - of - vocabulary ( oov ) issue as it can only model limited number of words in the output layer and maps all the remaining words into an oov output node . hence , such a word - based ctc model can only recognize the frequent words modeled by the ←
→ sparse motion segmentation using multiple six - point consistencies ; we present a method for segmenting an arbitrary number of moving objects in image sequences using the geometry of 6 points in 2d to infer motion consistency . the method has been evaluated on the hopkins 155 database and surpasses current state - of - the - art methods such as ssc , both in terms of overall performance on two and three motions but also in terms of maximum errors . the method works by finding initial clusters in the spatial domain , a ←
→ on transformations between probability and spohnian disbelief functions ; in this paper , we analyze the relationship between probability and spohn ' s theory for representation of uncertain beliefs . using the intuitive idea that the more probable a proposition is , the more believable it is , we study transformations from probability to sphonian disbelief and vice - versa . the transformations described in this paper are different from those described in the literature . in particular , the former satisfies the prin ←
→ anisotropic selection in cellular genetic algorithms ; in this paper we introduce a new selection scheme in cellular genetic algorithms ( cgas ). anisotropic selection ( as ) promotes diversity and allows accurate control of the selective pressure . first we compare this new scheme with the classical rectangular grid shapes solution according to the selective pressure : we can obtain the same takeover time with the two techniques although the spreading of the best individual is different . we then give experimenta ←
→ recognition of handwritten persian / arabic numerals based on robust feature set and k - nn classifier ; this paper has been withdrawn by the author due to a crucial sign error in equation 2 and some mistake in table 1 information . please let me for changing this information and updating this paper .←
→ superposition for fixed domains ; superposition is an established decision procedure for a variety of first - order logic theories represented by sets of clauses . a satisfiable theory , saturated by superposition , implicitly defines a minimal term - generated model for the theory . proving universal properties with respect to a saturated theory directly leads to a modification of the minimal model ' s term - generated domain , as new skolem functions are introduced . for many applications , this is not desired . theref ←
→ apsis - framework for automated optimization of machine learning hyper parameters ; the apsis toolkit presented in this paper provides a flexible framework for hyperparameter optimization and includes both random search and a bayesian optimizer . it is implemented in python and its architecture features adaptability to any desired machine learning code . it can easily be used with common python ml frameworks such as scikit - learn . published under the mit license other researchers are heavily encouraged to ch ←
→ heterogeneous transfer learning : an unsupervised approach ; transfer learning leverages the knowledge in one domain , the source domain , to improve learning efficiency in another domain , the target domain . existing transfer learning research is relatively well - progressed , but only in situations where the feature spaces of the domains are homogeneous and the target domain contains at least a few labeled instances . however , transfer learning has not been well - studied in heterogeneous settings with an unlabeled ←
→ data augmentation of wearable sensor data for parkinson ' s disease monitoring using convolutional neural networks ; while convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been successfully applied to many challenging classification applications , they typically require large datasets for training . when the availability of labeled data is limited , data augmentation is a critical preprocessing step for cnns . however , data augmentation for wearable sensor data has not been deeply investigated yet . in this paper , va ←
→ ranking - based black - box complexity ; randomized search heuristics such as evolutionary algorithms , simulated annealing , and ant colony optimization are a broadly used class of general - purpose algorithms . analyzing them via classical methods of theoretical computer science is a growing field . while several strong runtime analysis results have appeared in the last 20 years , a powerful complexity theory for such algorithms is yet to be developed . we enrich the existing notions of black - box complexity by the ad ←
→ what objective does self - paced learning indeed optimize ? ; self - paced learning ( spl ) is a recently raised methodology designed through simulating the learning principle of humans / animals . a variety of spl realization schemes have been designed for different computer vision and pattern recognition tasks , and empirically substantiated to be effective in these applications . however , the investigation on its theoretical insight is still a blank . to this issue , this study attempts to provide some new theoretical ←
→ 3d semantic segmentation with submanifold sparse convolutional networks ; convolutional networks are the de - facto standard for analyzing spatio - temporal data such as images , videos , and 3d shapes . whilst some of this data is naturally dense ( e . g ., photos ), many other data sources are inherently sparse . examples include 3d point clouds that were obtained using a lidar scanner or rgb - d camera . standard " dense " implementations of convolutional networks are very inefficient when applied on such sparse data . we ←
→ a simple exponential family framework for zero - shot learning ; we present a simple generative framework for learning to predict previously unseen classes , based on estimating class - attribute - gated class - conditional distributions . we model each class - conditional distribution as an exponential family distribution and the parameters of the distribution of each seen / unseen class are defined as functions of the respective observed class attributes . these functions can be learned using only the seen class data an ←
→ abductive reasoning with temporal information ; texts in natural language contain a lot of temporal information , both explicit and implicit . verbs and temporal adjuncts carry most of the explicit information , but for a full understanding general world knowledge and default assumptions have to be taken into account . we will present a theory for describing the relation between , on the one hand , verbs , their tenses and adjuncts and , on the other , the eventualities and periods of time they represent and their r ←
→ language , emotions , and cultures : emotional sapir - whorf hypothesis ; an emotional version of sapir - whorf hypothesis suggests that differences in language emotionalities influence differences among cultures no less than conceptual differences . conceptual contents of languages and cultures to significant extent are determined by words and their semantic differences ; these could be borrowed among languages and exchanged among cultures . emotional differences , as suggested in the paper , are related to grammar an ←
→ ssd - 6d : making rgb - based 3d detection and 6d pose estimation great again ; we present a novel method for detecting 3d model instances and estimating their 6d poses from rgb data in a single shot . to this end , we extend the popular ssd paradigm to cover the full 6d pose space and train on synthetic model data only . our approach competes or surpasses current state - of - the - art methods that leverage rgb - d data on multiple challenging datasets . furthermore , our method produces these results at around 10hz , which ←
→ getting started with neural models for semantic matching in web search ; the vocabulary mismatch problem is a long - standing problem in information retrieval . semantic matching holds the promise of solving the problem . recent advances in language technology have given rise to unsupervised neural models for learning representations of words as well as bigger textual units . such representations enable powerful semantic matching methods . this survey is meant as an introduction to the use of neural models for se ←
→ propagating conjunctions of alldifferent constraints ; we study propagation algorithms for the conjunction of two alldifferent constraints . solutions of an alldifferent constraint can be seen as perfect matchings on the variable / value bipartite graph . therefore , we investigate the problem of finding simultaneous bipartite matchings . we present an extension of the famous hall theorem which characterizes when simultaneous bipartite matchings exists . unfortunately , finding such matchings is np - hard in general .←
→ from lifestyle vlogs to everyday interactions ; a major stumbling block to progress in understanding basic human interactions , such as getting out of bed or opening a refrigerator , is lack of good training data . most past efforts have gathered this data explicitly : starting with a laundry list of action labels , and then querying search engines for videos tagged with each label . in this work , we do the reverse and search implicitly : we start with a large collection of interaction - rich video data and then ann ←
→ an inter - lingual reference approach for multi - lingual ontology matching ; ontologies are considered as the backbone of the semantic web . with the rising success of the semantic web , the number of participating communities from different countries is constantly increasing . the growing number of ontologies available in different natural languages leads to an interoperability problem . in this paper , we discuss several approaches for ontology matching ; examine similarities and differences , identify weaknesses , ←
→ neural network renormalization group ; we present a variational renormalization group approach using deep generative model composed of bijectors . the model can learn hierarchical transformations between physical variables and renormalized collective variables . it can directly generate statistically independent physical configurations by iterative refinement at various length scales . the generative model has an exact and tractable likelihood , which provides renormalized energy function of the collective vari ←
→ semiring programming : a framework for search , inference and learning ; to solve hard problems , ai relies on a variety of disciplines such as logic , probabilistic reasoning , machine learning and mathematical programming . although it is widely accepted that solving real - world problems requires an integration amongst these , contemporary representation methodologies offer little support for this . in an attempt to alleviate this situation , we introduce a new declarative programming framework that provides abst ←
→ an admm algorithm for a class of total variation regularized estimation problems ; we present an alternating augmented lagrangian method for convex optimization problems where the cost function is the sum of two terms , one that is separable in the variable blocks , and a second that is separable in the difference between consecutive variable blocks . examples of such problems include fused lasso estimation , total variation denoising , and multi - period portfolio optimization with transaction costs . in each it ←
→ an accelerated analog neuromorphic hardware system emulating nmda - and calcium - based non - linear dendrites ; this paper presents an extension of the brainscales accelerated analog neuromorphic hardware model . the scalable neuromorphic architecture is extended by the support for multi - compartment models and non - linear dendrites . these features are part of a \ si { 65 }{\ nano \ meter } prototype asic . it allows to emulate different spike types observed in cortical pyramidal neurons : nmda plateau potentials , calcium ←
→ a theme - rewriting approach for generating algebra word problems ; texts present coherent stories that have a particular theme or overall setting , for example science fiction or western . in this paper , we present a text generation method called {\ it rewriting } that edits existing human - authored narratives to change their theme without changing the underlying story . we apply the approach to math word problems , where it might help students stay more engaged by quickly transforming all of their homework assignm ←
→ click carving : segmenting objects in video with point clicks ; we present a novel form of interactive video object segmentation where a few clicks by the user helps the system produce a full spatio - temporal segmentation of the object of interest . whereas conventional interactive pipelines take the user ' s initialization as a starting point , we show the value in the system taking the lead even in initialization . in particular , for a given video frame , the system precomputes a ranked list of thousands of possi ←
→ a data driven approach for compound figure separation using convolutional neural networks ; a key problem in automatic analysis and understanding of scientific papers is to extract semantic information from non - textual paper components like figures , diagrams , tables , etc . much of this work requires a very first preprocessing step : decomposing compound multi - part figures into individual subfigures . previous work in compound figure separation has been based on manually designed features and separation rules ←
→ background subtraction via generalized fused lasso foreground modeling ; background subtraction ( bs ) is one of the key steps in video analysis . many background models have been proposed and achieved promising performance on public data sets . however , due to challenges such as illumination change , dynamic background etc . the resulted foreground segmentation often consists of holes as well as background noise . in this regard , we consider generalized fused lasso regularization to quest for intact structured fo ←
→ process , structure , and modularity in reasoning with uncertainty ; computational mechanisms for uncertainty management must support interactive and incremental problem formulation , inference , hypothesis testing , and decision making . however , most current uncertainty inference systems concentrate primarily on inference , and provide no support for the larger issues . we present a computational approach to uncertainty management which provides direct support for the dynamic , incremental aspect of this task , whi ←
→ learned in translation : contextualized word vectors ; computer vision has benefited from initializing multiple deep layers with weights pretrained on large supervised training sets like imagenet . natural language processing ( nlp ) typically sees initialization of only the lowest layer of deep models with pretrained word vectors . in this paper , we use a deep lstm encoder from an attentional sequence - to - sequence model trained for machine translation ( mt ) to contextualize word vectors . we show that adding these ←
→ a dynamic simulation - optimization model for adaptive management of urban water distribution system contamination threats ; urban water distribution systems hold a critical and strategic position in preserving public health and industrial growth . despite the ubiquity of these urban systems , aging infrastructure , and increased risk of terrorism , decision support models for a timely and adaptive contamination emergency response still remain at an undeveloped stage . emergency response is characterized as a pr ←
→ dual - coding theory and connectionist lexical selection ; we introduce the bilingual dual - coding theory as a model for bilingual mental representation . based on this model , lexical selection neural networks are implemented for a connectionist transfer project in machine translation . this lexical selection approach has two advantages . first , it is learnable . little human effort on knowledge engineering is required . secondly , it is psycholinguistically well - founded .←
→ adaptive metric dimensionality reduction ; we study adaptive data - dependent dimensionality reduction in the context of supervised learning in general metric spaces . our main statistical contribution is a generalization bound for lipschitz functions in metric spaces that are doubling , or nearly doubling . on the algorithmic front , we describe an analogue of pca for metric spaces : namely an efficient procedure that approximates the data ' s intrinsic dimension , which is often much lower than the ambient dimensio ←
→ the peaking phenomenon in semi - supervised learning ; for the supervised least squares classifier , when the number of training objects is smaller than the dimensionality of the data , adding more data to the training set may first increase the error rate before decreasing it . this , possibly counterintuitive , phenomenon is known as peaking . in this work , we observe that a similar but more pronounced version of this phenomenon also occurs in the semi - supervised setting , where instead of labeled objects , unlabel ←
→ object detection of satellite images using multi - channel higher - order local autocorrelation ; the earth observation satellites have been monitoring the earth ' s surface for a long time , and the images taken by the satellites contain large amounts of valuable data . however , it is extremely hard work to manually analyze such huge data . thus , a method of automatic object detection is needed for satellite images to facilitate efficient data analyses . this paper describes a new image feature extended from highe ←
→ simultaneous model selection and optimization through parameter - free stochastic learning ; stochastic gradient descent algorithms for training linear and kernel predictors are gaining more and more importance , thanks to their scalability . while various methods have been proposed to speed up their convergence , the model selection phase is often ignored . in fact , in theoretical works most of the time assumptions are made , for example , on the prior knowledge of the norm of the optimal solution , while in the ←
→ deep multi - frame face super - resolution ; face verification and recognition problems have seen rapid progress in recent years , however recognition from small size images remains a challenging task that is inherently intertwined with the task of face super - resolution . tackling this problem using multiple frames is an attractive idea , yet requires solving the alignment problem that is also challenging for low - resolution faces . here we present a holistic system for multi - frame recognition , alignment , and superr ←
→ semantic descriptions of 24 evaluational adjectives , for application in sentiment analysis ; we apply the natural semantic metalanguage ( nsm ) approach ( goddard and wierzbicka 2014 ) to the lexical - semantic analysis of english evaluational adjectives and compare the results with the picture developed in the appraisal framework ( martin and white 2005 ). the analysis is corpus - assisted , with examples mainly drawn from film and book reviews , and supported by collocational and statistical information from wordba ←
→ clustering processes ; the problem of clustering is considered , for the case when each data point is a sample generated by a stationary ergodic process . we propose a very natural asymptotic notion of consistency , and show that simple consistent algorithms exist , under most general non - parametric assumptions . the notion of consistency is as follows : two samples should be put into the same cluster if and only if they were generated by the same distribution . with this notion of consistency , clustering generali ←
→ a cumulative multi - niching genetic algorithm for multimodal function optimization ; this paper presents a cumulative multi - niching genetic algorithm ( cmn ga ), designed to expedite optimization problems that have computationally - expensive multimodal objective functions . by never discarding individuals from the population , the cmn ga makes use of the information from every objective function evaluation as it explores the design space . a fitness - related population density control over the design space reduce ←
→ bayesian orthogonal component analysis for sparse representation ; this paper addresses the problem of identifying a lower dimensional space where observed data can be sparsely represented . this under - complete dictionary learning task can be formulated as a blind separation problem of sparse sources linearly mixed with an unknown orthogonal mixing matrix . this issue is formulated in a bayesian framework . first , the unknown sparse sources are modeled as bernoulli - gaussian processes . to promote sparsity , a we ←
→ high dimensional semiparametric gaussian copula graphical models ; in this paper , we propose a semiparametric approach , named nonparanormal skeptic , for efficiently and robustly estimating high dimensional undirected graphical models . to achieve modeling flexibility , we consider gaussian copula graphical models ( or the nonparanormal ) as proposed by liu et al . ( 2009 ). to achieve estimation robustness , we exploit nonparametric rank - based correlation coefficient estimators , including spearman ' s rho and kendall ←
→ neural speech recognizer : acoustic - to - word lstm model for large vocabulary speech recognition ; we present results that show it is possible to build a competitive , greatly simplified , large vocabulary continuous speech recognition system with whole words as acoustic units . we model the output vocabulary of about 100 , 000 words directly using deep bi - directional lstm rnns with ctc loss . the model is trained on 125 , 000 hours of semi - supervised acoustic training data , which enables us to alleviate the data sp ←
→ fast patch - based style transfer of arbitrary style ; artistic style transfer is an image synthesis problem where the content of an image is reproduced with the style of another . recent works show that a visually appealing style transfer can be achieved by using the hidden activations of a pretrained convolutional neural network . however , existing methods either apply ( i ) an optimization procedure that works for any style image but is very expensive , or ( ii ) an efficient feedforward network that only allows ←
→ avoiding pathologies in very deep networks ; choosing appropriate architectures and regularization strategies for deep networks is crucial to good predictive performance . to shed light on this problem , we analyze the analogous problem of constructing useful priors on compositions of functions . specifically , we study the deep gaussian process , a type of infinitely - wide , deep neural network . we show that in standard architectures , the representational capacity of the network tends to capture fewer degrees of ←
→ fast and effective algorithms for symmetric nonnegative matrix factorization ; symmetric nonnegative matrix factorization ( snmf ) models arise naturally as simple reformulations of many standard clustering algorithms including the popular spectral clustering method . recent work has demonstrated that an elementary instance of snmf provides superior clustering quality compared to many classic clustering algorithms on a variety of synthetic and real world data sets . in this work , we present novel reformulatio ←
→ object - extent pooling for weakly supervised single - shot localization ; in the face of scarcity in detailed training annotations , the ability to perform object localization tasks in real - time with weak - supervision is very valuable . however , the computational cost of generating and evaluating region proposals is heavy . we adapt the concept of class activation maps ( cam ) into the very first weakly - supervised ' single - shot ' detector that does not require the use of region proposals . to facilitate this , we propos ←
→ equitability , interval estimation , and statistical power ; for analysis of a high - dimensional dataset , a common approach is to test a null hypothesis of statistical independence on all variable pairs using a non - parametric measure of dependence . however , because this approach attempts to identify any non - trivial relationship no matter how weak , it often identifies too many relationships to be useful . what is needed is a way of identifying a smaller set of relationships that merit detailed further analysis . ←
→ multilingual modal sense classification using a convolutional neural network ; modal sense classification ( msc ) is a special wsd task that depends on the meaning of the proposition in the modal ' s scope . we explore a cnn architecture for classifying modal sense in english and german . we show that cnns are superior to manually designed feature - based classifiers and a standard nn classifier . we analyze the feature maps learned by the cnn and identify known and previously unattested linguistic features . we be ←
→ unsupervised gene expression data using enhanced clustering method ; microarrays are made it possible to simultaneously monitor the expression profiles of thousands of genes under various experimental conditions . identification of co - expressed genes and coherent patterns is the central goal in microarray or gene expression data analysis and is an important task in bioinformatics research . feature selection is a process to select features which are more informative . it is one of the important steps in knowle ←
→ m - power regularized least squares regression ; regularization is used to find a solution that both fits the data and is sufficiently smooth , and thereby is very effective for designing and refining learning algorithms . but the influence of its exponent remains poorly understood . in particular , it is unclear how the exponent of the reproducing kernel hilbert space ~( rkhs ) regularization term affects the accuracy and the efficiency of kernel - based learning algorithms . here we consider regularized least squares ←
→ outer - product hidden markov model and polyphonic midi score following ; we present a polyphonic midi score - following algorithm capable of following performances with arbitrary repeats and skips , based on a probabilistic model of musical performances . it is attractive in practical applications of score following to handle repeats and skips which may be made arbitrarily during performances , but the algorithms previously described in the literature cannot be applied to scores of practical length due to problem ←
→ robust depth - based person re - identification ; person re - identification ( re - id ) aims to match people across non - overlapping camera views . so far the rgb - based appearance is widely used in most existing works . however , when people appeared in extreme illumination or changed clothes , the rgb appearance - based re - id methods tended to fail . to overcome this problem , we propose to exploit depth information to provide more invariant body shape and skeleton information regardless of illumination and color change . mo ←
→ a neural network model with bidirectional whitening ; we present here a new model and algorithm which performs an efficient natural gradient descent for multilayer perceptrons . natural gradient descent was originally proposed from a point of view of information geometry , and it performs the steepest descent updates on manifolds in a riemannian space . in particular , we extend an approach taken by the " whitened neural networks " model . we make the whitening process not only in feed - forward direction as in the ←
→ analysis of planar ornament patterns via motif asymmetry assumption and local connections ; planar ornaments , a . k . a . wallpapers , are regular repetitive patterns which exhibit translational symmetry in two independent directions . there are exactly $ 17 $ distinct planar symmetry groups . we present a fully automatic method for complete analysis of planar ornaments in $ 13 $ of these groups , specifically , the groups called $ p6m , \, p6 , \, p4g , \, p4m , \, p4 , \, p31m , \, p3m , \, p3 , \, cmm , \, pgg , \, pg , \, p2 $ and ←
→ face synthesis ( fasy ) system for generation of a face image from human description ; this paper aims at generating a new face based on the human like description using a new concept . the fasy ( face synthesis ) system is a face database retrieval and new face generation system that is under development . one of its main features is the generation of the requested face when it is not found in the existing database , which allows a continuous growing of the database also .←
→ italy goes to stanford : a collection of corenlp modules for italian ; in this we paper present tint , an easy - to - use set of fast , accurate and extendable natural language processing modules for italian . it is based on stanford corenlp and is freely available as a standalone software or a library that can be integrated in an existing project .←
→ generalizing , decoding , and optimizing support vector machine classification ; the classification of complex data usually requires the composition of processing steps . here , a major challenge is the selection of optimal algorithms for preprocessing and classification ( including parameterizations ). nowadays , parts of the optimization process are automized but expert knowledge and manual work are still required . we present three steps to face this process and ease the optimization . namely , we take a theoret ←
→ statistical selection of cnn - based audiovisual features for instantaneous estimation of human emotional states ; automatic prediction of continuous - level emotional state requires selection of suitable affective features to develop a regression system based on supervised machine learning . this paper investigates the performance of features statistically learned using convolutional neural networks for instantaneously predicting the continuous dimensions of emotional states . features with minimum redundancy ←
→ distributional framework for emergent knowledge acquisition and its application to automated document annotation ; the paper introduces a framework for representation and acquisition of knowledge emerging from large samples of textual data . we utilise a tensor - based , distributional representation of simple statements extracted from text , and show how one can use the representation to infer emergent knowledge patterns from the textual data in an unsupervised manner . examples of the patterns we investigate ←
→ generalized linear models for aggregated data ; databases in domains such as healthcare are routinely released to the public in aggregated form . unfortunately , naive modeling with aggregated data may significantly diminish the accuracy of inferences at the individual level . this paper addresses the scenario where features are provided at the individual level , but the target variables are only available as histogram aggregates or order statistics . we consider a limiting case of generalized linear modeling wh ←
→ deep structured learning for facial action unit intensity estimation ; we consider the task of automated estimation of facial expression intensity . this involves estimation of multiple output variables ( facial action units --- aus ) that are structurally dependent . their structure arises from statistically induced co - occurrence patterns of au intensity levels . modeling this structure is critical for improving the estimation performance ; however , this performance is bounded by the quality of the input feature ←
→ 3d terrestrial lidar data classification of complex natural scenes using a multi - scale dimensionality criterion : applications in geomorphology ; 3d point clouds of natural environments relevant to problems in geomorphology often require classification of the data into elementary relevant classes . a typical example is the separation of riparian vegetation from ground in fluvial environments , the distinction between fresh surfaces and rockfall in cliff environments , or more generally the classification of s ←
→ biologically inspired design principles for scalable , robust , adaptive , decentralized search and automated response ( radar ) ; distributed search problems are ubiquitous in artificial life ( alife ). many distributed search problems require identifying a rare and previously unseen event and producing a rapid response . this challenge amounts to finding and removing an unknown needle in a very large haystack . traditional computational search models are unlikely to find , nonetheless , appropriately respond to , n ←
→ the implementation of a deep recurrent neural network language model on a xilinx fpga ; recently , fpga has been increasingly applied to problems such as speech recognition , machine learning , and cloud computation such as the bing search engine used by microsoft . this is due to fpgas great parallel computation capacity as well as low power consumption compared to general purpose processors . however , these applications mainly focus on large scale fpga clusters which have an extreme processing power for exec ←
→ dynamic amelioration of resolution mismatches for local feature based identity inference ; while existing face recognition systems based on local features are robust to issues such as misalignment , they can exhibit accuracy degradation when comparing images of differing resolutions . this is common in surveillance environments where a gallery of high resolution mugshots is compared to low resolution cctv probe images , or where the size of a given image is not a reliable indicator of the underlying resoluti ←
→ the freiburg groceries dataset ; with the increasing performance of machine learning techniques in the last few years , the computer vision and robotics communities have created a large number of datasets for benchmarking object recognition tasks . these datasets cover a large spectrum of natural images and object categories , making them not only useful as a testbed for comparing machine learning approaches , but also a great resource for bootstrapping different domain - specific perception and robotic systems . ←
→ ellogon : a new text engineering platform ; this paper presents ellogon , a multi - lingual , cross - platform , general - purpose text engineering environment . ellogon was designed in order to aid both researchers in natural language processing , as well as companies that produce language engineering systems for the end - user . ellogon provides a powerful tipster - based infrastructure for managing , storing and exchanging textual data , embedding and managing text processing components as well as visualising textual data ←
→ byzantine - tolerant machine learning ; the growth of data , the need for scalability and the complexity of models used in modern machine learning calls for distributed implementations . yet , as of today , distributed machine learning frameworks have largely ignored the possibility of arbitrary ( i . e ., byzantine ) failures . in this paper , we study the robustness to byzantine failures at the fundamental level of stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ), the heart of most machine learning algorithms . assuming a set of $ n $ ←
→ a bayesian approach to policy recognition and state representation learning ; learning from demonstration ( lfd ) is the process of building behavioral models of a task from demonstrations provided by an expert . these models can be used e . g . for system control by generalizing the expert demonstrations to previously unencountered situations . most lfd methods , however , make strong assumptions about the expert behavior , e . g . they assume the existence of a deterministic optimal ground truth policy or require di ←
→ learning visual importance for graphic designs and data visualizations ; knowing where people look and click on visual designs can provide clues about how the designs are perceived , and where the most important or relevant content lies . the most important content of a visual design can be used for effective summarization or to facilitate retrieval from a database . we present automated models that predict the relative importance of different elements in data visualizations and graphic designs . our models are ←
→ detecting epileptic seizures from eeg data using neural networks ; we explore the use of neural networks trained with dropout in predicting epileptic seizures from electroencephalographic data ( scalp eeg ). the input to the neural network is a 126 feature vector containing 9 features for each of the 14 eeg channels obtained over 1 - second , non - overlapping windows . the models in our experiments achieved high sensitivity and specificity on patient records not used in the training process . this is demonstrated u ←
→ challenges ahead electron microscopy for structural biology from the image processing point of view ; since the introduction of direct electron detectors ( deds ), the resolution and range of macromolecules amenable to this technique has significantly widened , generating a broad interest that explains the well over a dozen reviews in top journal in the last two years . similarly , the number of job offers to lead em groups and / or coordinate em facilities has exploded , and fei ( the main microscope manufacturer ←
→ automatic segmentation of hela cell images ; in this work , the possibilities for segmentation of cells from their background and each other in digital image were tested , combined and improoved . lot of images with young , adult and mixture cells were able to prove the quality of described algorithms . proper segmentation is one of the main task of image analysis and steps order differ from work to work , depending on input images . reply for biologicaly given question was looking for in this work , including filt ←
→ optimizing and contrasting recurrent neural network architectures ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have long been recognized for their potential to model complex time series . however , it remains to be determined what optimization techniques and recurrent architectures can be used to best realize this potential . the experiments presented take a deep look into hessian free optimization , a powerful second order optimization method that has shown promising results , but still does not enjoy widespread use . thi ←
→ a new probabilistic transformation of belief mass assignment ; in this paper , we propose in dezert - smarandache theory ( dsmt ) framework , a new probabilistic transformation , called dsmp , in order to build a subjective probability measure from any basic belief assignment defined on any model of the frame of discernment . several examples are given to show how the dsmp transformation works and we compare it to main existing transformations proposed in the literature so far . we show the advantages of dsmp over cl ←
→ towards solving the interdisciplinary language barrier problem ; this work aims to make it easier for a specialist in one field to find and explore ideas from another field which may be useful in solving a new problem arising in his practice . it presents a methodology which serves to represent the relationships that exist between concepts , problems , and solution patterns from different fields of human activity in the form of a graph . our approach is based upon generalization and specialization relationships ←
→ compositional distributional semantics with compact closed categories and frobenius algebras ; this thesis contributes to ongoing research related to the categorical compositional model for natural language of coecke , sadrzadeh and clark in three ways : firstly , i propose a concrete instantiation of the abstract framework based on frobenius algebras ( joint work with sadrzadeh ). the theory improves shortcomings of previous proposals , extends the coverage of the language , and is supported by experimental wor ←
→ computational capabilities of random automata networks for reservoir computing ; this paper underscores the conjecture that intrinsic computation is maximal in systems at the " edge of chaos ." we study the relationship between dynamics and computational capability in random boolean networks ( rbn ) for reservoir computing ( rc ). rc is a computational paradigm in which a trained readout layer interprets the dynamics of an excitable component ( called the reservoir ) that is perturbed by external input . the reser ←
→ comparison of decoding strategies for ctc acoustic models ; connectionist temporal classification has recently attracted a lot of interest as it offers an elegant approach to building acoustic models ( ams ) for speech recognition . the ctc loss function maps an input sequence of observable feature vectors to an output sequence of symbols . output symbols are conditionally independent of each other under ctc loss , so a language model ( lm ) can be incorporated conveniently during decoding , retaining the tradition ←
→ visual reranking with improved image graph ; this paper introduces an improved reranking method for the bag - of - words ( bow ) based image search . built on [ 1 ], a directed image graph robust to outlier distraction is proposed . in our approach , the relevance among images is encoded in the image graph , based on which the initial rank list is refined . moreover , we show that the rank - level feature fusion can be adopted in this reranking method as well . taking advantage of the complementary nature of various feature ←
→ machine learning for neural decoding ; while machine learning tools have been rapidly advancing , the majority of neural decoding approaches still use last century ' s methods . improving the performance of neural decoding algorithms allows us to better understand what information is contained in the brain , and can help advance engineering applications such as brain machine interfaces . here , we apply modern machine learning techniques , including neural networks and gradient boosting , to decode from spiking acti ←
→ spectral classification using convolutional neural networks ; there is a great need for accurate and autonomous spectral classification methods in astrophysics . this thesis is about training a convolutional neural network ( convnet ) to recognize an object class ( quasar , star or galaxy ) from one - dimension spectra only . author developed several scripts and c programs for datasets preparation , preprocessing and postprocessing of the data . eblearn library ( developed by pierre sermanet and yann lecun ) was used to ←
→ submodularity of a set label disagreement function ; a set label disagreement function is defined over the number of variables that deviates from the dominant label . the dominant label is the value assumed by the largest number of variables within a set of binary variables . the submodularity of a certain family of set label disagreement function is discussed in this manuscript . such disagreement function could be utilized as a cost function in combinatorial optimization approaches for problems defined over ←
→ political homophily in independence movements : analysing and classifying social media users by national identity ; social media and data mining are increasingly being used to analyse political and societal issues . here we undertake the classification of social media users as supporting or opposing ongoing independence movements in their territories . independence movements occur in territories whose citizens have conflicting national identities ; users with opposing national identities will then support or ←
→ consistent transformations of belief functions ; consistent belief functions represent collections of coherent or non - contradictory pieces of evidence , but most of all they are the counterparts of consistent knowledge bases in belief calculus . the use of consistent transformations cs [.] in a reasoning process to guarantee coherence can therefore be desirable , and generalizes similar techniques in classical logic . transformations can be obtained by minimizing an appropriate distance measure between the origi ←
→ a modality lexicon and its use in automatic tagging ; this paper describes our resource - building results for an eight - week jhu human language technology center of excellence summer camp for applied language exploration ( scale - 2009 ) on semantically - informed machine translation . specifically , we describe the construction of a modality annotation scheme , a modality lexicon , and two automated modality taggers that were built using the lexicon and annotation scheme . our annotation scheme is based on identifying ←
→ an intelligent approach towards automatic shape modeling and object extraction from satellite images using cellular automata based algorithm ; automatic feature extraction domain has witnessed the application of many intelligent methodologies over past decade ; however detection accuracy of these approaches were limited as object geometry and contextual knowledge were not given enough consideration . in this paper , we propose a frame work for accurate detection of features along with automatic interpolation ←
→ two procedures for compiling influence diagrams ; two algorithms are presented for " compiling " influence diagrams into a set of simple decision rules . these decision rules define simple - to - execute , complete , consistent , and near - optimal decision procedures . these compilation algorithms can be used to derive decision procedures for human teams solving time constrained decision problems .←
→ proposal for a leaky - integrate - fire spiking neuron based on magneto - electric switching of ferro - magnets ; the efficiency of the human brain in performing classification tasks has attracted considerable research interest in brain - inspired neuromorphic computing . hardware implementations of a neuromorphic system aims to mimic the computations in the brain through interconnection of neurons and synaptic weights . a leaky - integrate - fire ( lif ) spiking model is widely used to emulate the dynamics of neuronal act ←
→ high - resolution image inpainting using multi - scale neural patch synthesis ; recent advances in deep learning have shown exciting promise in filling large holes in natural images with semantically plausible and context aware details , impacting fundamental image manipulation tasks such as object removal . while these learning - based methods are significantly more effective in capturing high - level features than prior techniques , they can only handle very low - resolution inputs due to memory limitations and diff ←
→ ontology - based data access : a study through disjunctive datalog , csp , and mmsnp ; ontology - based data access is concerned with querying incomplete data sources in the presence of domain - specific knowledge provided by an ontology . a central notion in this setting is that of an ontology - mediated query , which is a database query coupled with an ontology . in this paper , we study several classes of ontology - mediated queries , where the database queries are given as some form of conjunctive query and the ontolog ←
→ accelerating minibatch stochastic gradient descent using stratified sampling ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is a popular optimization method which has been applied to many important machine learning tasks such as support vector machines and deep neural networks . in order to parallelize sgd , minibatch training is often employed . the standard approach is to uniformly sample a minibatch at each step , which often leads to high variance . in this paper we propose a stratified sampling strategy , which divid ←
→ tractable inference for complex stochastic processes ; the monitoring and control of any dynamic system depends crucially on the ability to reason about its current status and its future trajectory . in the case of a stochastic system , these tasks typically involve the use of a belief state - a probability distribution over the state of the process at a given point in time . unfortunately , the state spaces of complex processes are very large , making an explicit representation of a belief state intractable . eve ←
→ proceedings of the tenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 1994 ) ; this is the proceedings of the tenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in seattle , wa , july 29 - 31 , 1994 ←
→ multidimensional scaling in the poincare disk ; multidimensional scaling ( mds ) is a class of projective algorithms traditionally used in euclidean space to produce two - or three - dimensional visualizations of datasets of multidimensional points or point distances . more recently however , several authors have pointed out that for certain datasets , hyperbolic target space may provide a better fit than euclidean space . in this paper we develop pd - mds , a metric mds algorithm designed specifically for the poinca ←
→ combining policy gradient and q - learning ; policy gradient is an efficient technique for improving a policy in a reinforcement learning setting . however , vanilla online variants are on - policy only and not able to take advantage of off - policy data . in this paper we describe a new technique that combines policy gradient with off - policy q - learning , drawing experience from a replay buffer . this is motivated by making a connection between the fixed points of the regularized policy gradient algorithm and the q - va ←
→ branched generative adversarial networks for multi - scale image manifold learning ; we introduce branchgan , a novel training method that enables unconditioned generative adversarial networks ( gans ) to learn image manifolds at multiple scales . what is unique about branchgan is that it is trained in multiple branches , progressively covering both the breadth and depth of the network , as resolutions of the training images increase to reveal finer - scale features . specifically , each noise vector , as input to the ←
→ fast discrete distribution clustering using wasserstein barycenter with sparse support ; in a variety of research areas , the weighted bag of vectors and the histogram are widely used descriptors for complex objects . both can be expressed as discrete distributions . d2 - clustering pursues the minimum total within - cluster variation for a set of discrete distributions subject to the kantorovich - wasserstein metric . d2 - clustering has a severe scalability issue , the bottleneck being the computation of a centroid ←
→ robust visual tracking via inverse nonnegative matrix factorization ; the establishment of robust target appearance model over time is an overriding concern in visual tracking . in this paper , we propose an inverse nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) method for robust appearance modeling . rather than using a linear combination of nonnegative basis matrices for each target image patch in the conventional nmf , the proposed method is a reverse thought to conventional nmf tracker . it utilizes both the foregro ←
→ genetic algorithm with optimal recombination for the asymmetric travelling salesman problem ; we propose a new genetic algorithm with optimal recombination for the asymmetric instances of travelling salesman problem . the algorithm incorporates several new features that contribute to its effectiveness : ( i ) optimal recombination problem is solved within crossover operator . ( ii ) a new mutation operator performs a random jump within 3 - opt or 4 - opt neighborhood . ( iii ) greedy constructive heuristic of w . zhang a ←
→ empirical methods for compound splitting ; compounded words are a challenge for nlp applications such as machine translation ( mt ). we introduce methods to learn splitting rules from monolingual and parallel corpora . we evaluate them against a gold standard and measure their impact on performance of statistical mt systems . results show accuracy of 99 . 1 % and performance gains for mt of 0 . 039 bleu on a german - english noun phrase translation task .←
→ hybrid genetic algorithm for cloud computing applications ; in this paper with the aid of genetic algorithm and fuzzy theory , we present a hybrid job scheduling approach , which considers the load balancing of the system and reduces total execution time and execution cost . we try to modify the standard genetic algorithm and to reduce the iteration of creating population with the aid of fuzzy theory . the main goal of this research is to assign the jobs to the resources with considering the vm mips and length ←
→ graphical law beneath each written natural language ; we study twenty four written natural languages . we draw in the log scale , number of words starting with a letter vs rank of the letter , both normalised . we find that all the graphs are of the similar type . the graphs are tantalisingly closer to the curves of reduced magnetisation vs reduced temperature for magnetic materials . we make a weak conjecture that a curve of magnetisation underlies a written natural language .←
→ not - so - clevr : visual relations strain feedforward neural networks ; the robust and efficient recognition of visual relations in images is a hallmark of biological vision . here , we argue that , despite recent progress in visual recognition , modern machine vision algorithms are severely limited in their ability to learn visual relations . through controlled experiments , we demonstrate that visual - relation problems strain convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). the networks eventually break altogether when rote me ←
→ semi - described and semi - supervised learning with gaussian processes ; propagating input uncertainty through non - linear gaussian process ( gp ) mappings is intractable . this hinders the task of training gps using uncertain and partially observed inputs . in this paper we refer to this task as " semi - described learning ". we then introduce a gp framework that solves both , the semi - described and the semi - supervised learning problems ( where missing values occur in the outputs ). auto - regressive state space simulation ←
→ eie : efficient inference engine on compressed deep neural network ; state - of - the - art deep neural networks ( dnns ) have hundreds of millions of connections and are both computationally and memory intensive , making them difficult to deploy on embedded systems with limited hardware resources and power budgets . while custom hardware helps the computation , fetching weights from dram is two orders of magnitude more expensive than alu operations , and dominates the required power . previously proposed ' deep compres ←
→ dilemma first search for effortless optimization of np - hard problems ; to tackle the exponentiality associated with np - hard problems , two paradigms have been proposed . first , branch & bound , like dynamic programming , achieve efficient exact inference but requires extensive information and analysis about the problem at hand . second , meta - heuristics are easier to implement but comparatively inefficient . as a result , a number of problems have been left unoptimized and plain greedy solutions are used . we introd ←
→ a mixture model for learning multi - sense word embeddings ; word embeddings are now a standard technique for inducing meaning representations for words . for getting good representations , it is important to take into account different senses of a word . in this paper , we propose a mixture model for learning multi - sense word embeddings . our model generalizes the previous works in that it allows to induce different weights of different senses of a word . the experimental results show that our model outperforms pr ←
→ prototypical priors : from improving classification to zero - shot learning ; recent works on zero - shot learning make use of side information such as visual attributes or natural language semantics to define the relations between output visual classes and then use these relationships to draw inference on new unseen classes at test time . in a novel extension to this idea , we propose the use of visual prototypical concepts as side information . for most real - world visual object categories , it may be difficult to ←
→ a scale free algorithm for stochastic bandits with bounded kurtosis ; existing strategies for finite - armed stochastic bandits mostly depend on a parameter of scale that must be known in advance . sometimes this is in the form of a bound on the payoffs , or the knowledge of a variance or subgaussian parameter . the notable exceptions are the analysis of gaussian bandits with unknown mean and variance by cowan and katehakis [ 2015 ] and of uniform distributions with unknown support [ cowan and katehakis , 2015 ]. the ←
→ friend inspector : a serious game to enhance privacy awareness in social networks ; currently , many users of social network sites are insufficiently aware of who can see their shared personal items . nonetheless , most approaches focus on enhancing privacy in social networks through improved privacy settings , neglecting the fact that privacy awareness is a prerequisite for privacy control . social network users first need to know about privacy issues before being able to make adjustments . in this paper , we in ←
→ algebraic variety models for high - rank matrix completion ; we consider a generalization of low - rank matrix completion to the case where the data belongs to an algebraic variety , i . e . each data point is a solution to a system of polynomial equations . in this case the original matrix is possibly high - rank , but it becomes low - rank after mapping each column to a higher dimensional space of monomial features . many well - studied extensions of linear models , including affine subspaces and their union , can be descri ←
→ generative adversarial networks : an overview ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) provide a way to learn deep representations without extensively annotated training data . they achieve this through deriving backpropagation signals through a competitive process involving a pair of networks . the representations that can be learned by gans may be used in a variety of applications , including image synthesis , semantic image editing , style transfer , image super - resolution and classification . the aim of this re ←
→ exploiting structure in cooperative bayesian games ; cooperative bayesian games ( bgs ) can model decision - making problems for teams of agents under imperfect information , but require space and computation time that is exponential in the number of agents . while agent independence has been used to mitigate these problems in perfect information settings , we propose a novel approach for bgs based on the observation that bgs additionally possess a different types of structure , which we call type independence . we ←
→ understanding humans ' strategies in maze solving ; navigating through a visual maze relies on the strategic use of eye movements to select and identify the route . when navigating the maze , there are trade - offs between exploring to the environment and relying on memory . this study examined strategies used to navigating through novel and familiar mazes that were viewed from above and traversed by a mouse cursor . eye and mouse movements revealed two modes that almost never occurred concurrently : exploration an ←
→ high - dimensional probability estimation with deep density models ; one of the fundamental problems in machine learning is the estimation of a probability distribution from data . many techniques have been proposed to study the structure of data , most often building around the assumption that observations lie on a lower - dimensional manifold of high probability . it has been more difficult , however , to exploit this insight to build explicit , tractable density models for high - dimensional data . in this paper , we ←
→ a bottom up procedure for text line segmentation of latin script ; in this paper we present a bottom up procedure for segmentation of text lines written or printed in the latin script . the proposed method uses a combination of image morphology , feature extraction and gaussian mixture model to perform this task . the experimental results show the validity of the procedure .←
→ a hybrid convolutional variational autoencoder for text generation ; in this paper we explore the effect of architectural choices on learning a variational autoencoder ( vae ) for text generation . in contrast to the previously introduced vae model for text where both the encoder and decoder are rnns , we propose a novel hybrid architecture that blends fully feed - forward convolutional and deconvolutional components with a recurrent language model . our architecture exhibits several attractive properties such as ←
→ reasoning about cardinal directions between extended objects : the hardness result ; the cardinal direction calculus ( cdc ) proposed by goyal and egenhofer is a very expressive qualitative calculus for directional information of extended objects . early work has shown that consistency checking of complete networks of basic cdc constraints is tractable while reasoning with the cdc in general is np - hard . this paper shows , however , if allowing some constraints unspecified , then consistency checking of possibly ←
→ handling defeasibilities in action domains ; representing defeasibility is an important issue in common sense reasoning . in reasoning about action and change , this issue becomes more difficult because domain and action related defeasible information may conflict with general inertia rules . furthermore , different types of defeasible information may also interfere with each other during the reasoning . in this paper , we develop a prioritized logic programming approach to handle defeasibilities in reasoning abo ←
→ self - wiring question answering systems ; question answering ( qa ) has been the subject of a resurgence over the past years . the said resurgence has led to a multitude of question answering ( qa ) systems being developed both by companies and research facilities . while a few components of qa systems get reused across implementations , most systems do not leverage the full potential of component reuse . hence , the development of qa systems is currently still a tedious and time - consuming process . we address the cha ←
→ objects that sound ; in this paper our objectives are , first , networks that can embed audio and visual inputs into a common space that is suitable for cross - modal retrieval ; and second , a network that can localize the object that sounds in an image , given the audio signal . we achieve both these objectives by training from unlabelled video using only audio - visual correspondence ( avc ) as the objective function . this is a form of cross - modal self - supervision from video . to this end , we design new network arc ←
→ a single model explains both visual and auditory precortical coding ; precortical neural systems encode information collected by the senses , but the driving principles of the encoding used have remained a subject of debate . we present a model of retinal coding that is based on three constraints : information preservation , minimization of the neural wiring , and response equalization . the resulting novel version of sparse principal components analysis successfully captures a number of known characteristics of ←
→ bilbowa : fast bilingual distributed representations without word alignments ; we introduce bilbowa ( bilingual bag - of - words without alignments ), a simple and computationally - efficient model for learning bilingual distributed representations of words which can scale to large monolingual datasets and does not require word - aligned parallel training data . instead it trains directly on monolingual data and extracts a bilingual signal from a smaller set of raw - text sentence - aligned data . this is achieved using a ←
→ video salient object detection via fully convolutional networks ; this paper proposes a deep learning model to efficiently detect salient regions in videos . it addresses two important issues : ( 1 ) deep video saliency model training with the absence of sufficiently large and pixel - wise annotated video data , and ( 2 ) fast video saliency training and detection . the proposed deep video saliency network consists of two modules , for capturing the spatial and temporal saliency information , respectively . the dynamic ←
→ estimating mutual information and multi -- information in large networks ; we address the practical problems of estimating the information relations that characterize large networks . building on methods developed for analysis of the neural code , we show that reliable estimates of mutual information can be obtained with manageable computational effort . the same methods allow estimation of higher order , multi -- information terms . these ideas are illustrated by analyses of gene expression , financial markets , and ←
→ detect to track and track to detect ; recent approaches for high accuracy detection and tracking of object categories in video consist of complex multistage solutions that become more cumbersome each year . in this paper we propose a convnet architecture that jointly performs detection and tracking , solving the task in a simple and effective way . our contributions are threefold : ( i ) we set up a convnet architecture for simultaneous detection and tracking , using a multi - task objective for frame - based object d ←
→ contextual symmetries in probabilistic graphical models ; an important approach for efficient inference in probabilistic graphical models exploits symmetries among objects in the domain . symmetric variables ( states ) are collapsed into meta - variables ( meta - states ) and inference algorithms are run over the lifted graphical model instead of the flat one . our paper extends existing definitions of symmetry by introducing the novel notion of contextual symmetry . two states that are not globally symmetric , can be ←
→ aspmt ( qs ): non - monotonic spatial reasoning with answer set programming modulo theories ; the systematic modelling of \ emph { dynamic spatial systems } [ 9 ] is a key requirement in a wide range of application areas such as comonsense cognitive robotics , computer - aided architecture design , dynamic geographic information systems . we present aspmt ( qs ), a novel approach and fully - implemented prototype for non - monotonic spatial reasoning --- a crucial requirement within dynamic spatial systems -- based on answer set ←
→ a systematic approach for cross - source point cloud registration by preserving macro and micro structures ; we propose a systematic approach for registering cross - source point clouds . the compelling need for cross - source point cloud registration is motivated by the rapid development of a variety of 3d sensing techniques , but many existing registration methods face critical challenges as a result of the large variations in cross - source point clouds . this paper therefore illustrates a novel registration meth ←
→ a framework for shape analysis via hilbert space embedding ; we propose a framework for 2d shape analysis using positive definite kernels defined on kendall ' s shape manifold . different representations of 2d shapes are known to generate different nonlinear spaces . due to the nonlinearity of these spaces , most existing shape classification algorithms resort to nearest neighbor methods and to learning distances on shape spaces . here , we propose to map shapes on kendall ' s shape manifold to a high dimensional hi ←
→ daily stress recognition from mobile phone data , weather conditions and individual traits ; research has proven that stress reduces quality of life and causes many diseases . for this reason , several researchers devised stress detection systems based on physiological parameters . however , these systems require that obtrusive sensors are continuously carried by the user . in our paper , we propose an alternative approach providing evidence that daily stress can be reliably recognized based on behavioral metric ←
→ semantics for probabilistic inference ; a number of writers ( joseph halpern and fahiem bacchus among them ) have offered semantics for formal languages in which inferences concerning probabilities can be made . our concern is different . this paper provides a formalization of nonmonotonic inferences in which the conclusion is supported only to a certain degree . such inferences are clearly ' invalid ' since they must allow the falsity of a conclusion even when the premises are true . nevertheless , such inferences c ←
→ graphcut texture synthesis for single - image superresolution ; texture synthesis has proven successful at imitating a wide variety of textures . adding additional constraints ( in the form of a low - resolution version of the texture to be synthesized ) makes it possible to use texture synthesis methods for texture superresolution .←
→ fractal and multi - scale fractal dimension analysis : a comparative study of bouligand - minkowski method ; shape is one of the most important visual attributes to characterize objects , playing a important role in pattern recognition . there are various approaches to extract relevant information of a shape . an approach widely used in shape analysis is the complexity , and fractal dimension and multi - scale fractal dimension are both well - known methodologies to estimate it . this papers presents a comparative stud ←
→ the data complexity of description logic ontologies ; we analyze the data complexity of ontology - mediated querying where the ontologies are formulated in a description logic ( dl ) of the alc family and queries are conjunctive queries , positive existential queries , or acyclic conjunctive queries . our approach is non - uniform in the sense that we aim to understand the complexity of each single ontology instead of for all ontologies formulated in a certain language . while doing so , we quantify over the queries a ←
→ dual - glance model for deciphering social relationships ; since the beginning of early civilizations , social relationships derived from each individual fundamentally form the basis of social structure in our daily life . in the computer vision literature , much progress has been made in scene understanding , such as object detection and scene parsing . recent research focuses on the relationship between objects based on its functionality and geometrical relations . in this work , we aim to study the problem of soc ←
→ glottochronologic retrognostic of language system ; a glottochronologic retrognostic of language system is proposed ←
→ dense face alignment ; face alignment is a classic problem in the computer vision field . previous works mostly focus on sparse alignment with a limited number of facial landmark points , i . e ., facial landmark detection . in this paper , for the first time , we aim at providing a very dense 3d alignment for large - pose face images . to achieve this , we train a cnn to estimate the 3d face shape , which not only aligns limited facial landmarks but also fits face contours and sift feature points . moreover , we also add ←
→ a continuously growing dataset of sentential paraphrases ; a major challenge in paraphrase research is the lack of parallel corpora . in this paper , we present a new method to collect large - scale sentential paraphrases from twitter by linking tweets through shared urls . the main advantage of our method is its simplicity , as it gets rid of the classifier or human in the loop needed to select data before annotation and subsequent application of paraphrase identification algorithms in the previous work . we pres ←
→ bilateral filter : graph spectral interpretation and extensions ; in this paper we study the bilateral filter proposed by tomasi and manduchi , as a spectral domain transform defined on a weighted graph . the nodes of this graph represent the pixels in the image and a graph signal defined on the nodes represents the intensity values . edge weights in the graph correspond to the bilateral filter coefficients and hence are data adaptive . spectrum of a graph is defined in terms of the eigenvalues and eigenvectors ←
→ geniepath : graph neural networks with adaptive receptive paths ; we present , geniepath , a scalable approach for learning adaptive receptive fields of neural networks defined on permutation invariant graph data . in geniepath , we propose an adaptive path layer consists of two functions designed for breadth and depth exploration respectively , where the former learns the importance of different sized neighborhoods , while the latter extracts and filters signals aggregated from neighbors of different hops away . o ←
→ from small - world networks to comparison - based search ; the problem of content search through comparisons has recently received considerable attention . in short , a user searching for a target object navigates through a database in the following manner : the user is asked to select the object most similar to her target from a small list of objects . a new object list is then presented to the user based on her earlier selection . this process is repeated until the target is included in the list presented , at whic ←
→ to swap or not to swap ? exploiting dependency word pairs for reordering in statistical machine translation ; reordering poses a major challenge in machine translation ( mt ) between two languages with significant differences in word order . in this paper , we present a novel reordering approach utilizing sparse features based on dependency word pairs . each instance of these features captures whether two words , which are related by a dependency link in the source sentence dependency parse tree , follow the same ←
→ trax : the visual tracking exchange protocol and library ; in this paper we address the problem of developing on - line visual tracking algorithms . we present a specialized communication protocol that serves as a bridge between a tracker implementation and utilizing application . it decouples development of algorithms and application , encouraging re - usability . the primary use case is algorithm evaluation where the protocol facilitates more complex evaluation scenarios that are used nowadays thus pushing forward ←
→ efficient prediction of dna - binding proteins using machine learning ; dna - binding proteins are a class of proteins which have a specific or general affinity to dna and include three important components : transcription factors ; nucleases , and histones . dna - binding proteins also perform important roles in many types of cellular activities . in this paper we describe machine learning systems for the prediction of dna - binding proteins where a support vector machine and a cascade correlation neural network are o ←
→ systems , actors and agents : operation in a multicomponent environment ; multi - agent approach has become popular in computer science and technology . however , the conventional models of multi - agent and multicomponent systems implicitly or explicitly assume existence of absolute time or even do not include time in the set of defining parameters . at the same time , it is proved theoretically and validated experimentally that there are different times and time scales in a variety of real systems - physical , chemi ←
→ divide and conquer kernel ridge regression : a distributed algorithm with minimax optimal rates ; we establish optimal convergence rates for a decomposition - based scalable approach to kernel ridge regression . the method is simple to describe : it randomly partitions a dataset of size n into m subsets of equal size , computes an independent kernel ridge regression estimator for each subset , then averages the local solutions into a global predictor . this partitioning leads to a substantial reduction in computa ←
→ extend the shallow part of single shot multibox detector via convolutional neural network ; single shot multibox detector ( ssd ) is one of the fastest algorithms in the current object detection field , which uses fully convolutional neural network to detect all scaled objects in an image . deconvolutional single shot detector ( dssd ) is an approach which introduces more context information by adding the deconvolution module to ssd . and the mean average precision ( map ) of dssd on pascal voc2007 is improved fro ←
→ approximation algorithms for $\ ell_0 $- low rank approximation ; we study the $\ ell_0 $- low rank approximation problem , where the goal is , given an $ m \ times n $ matrix $ a $, to output a rank -$ k $ matrix $ a '$ for which $\| a '- a \| _0 $ is minimized . here , for a matrix $ b $, $\| b \| _0 $ denotes the number of its non - zero entries . this np - hard variant of low rank approximation is natural for problems with no underlying metric , and its goal is to minimize the number of disagreeing data positions . we provide approximation a ←
→ squeaky wheel optimization ; we describe a general approach to optimization which we term ` squeaky wheel ' optimization ( swo ). in swo , a greedy algorithm is used to construct a solution which is then analyzed to find the trouble spots , i . e ., those elements , that , if improved , are likely to improve the objective function score . the results of the analysis are used to generate new priorities that determine the order in which the greedy algorithm constructs the next solution . this construct / analyze / prioritize c ←
→ a novel symbolic type neural network model - application to river flow forecasting ; in this paper we introduce a new symbolic type neural tree network called symbolic function network ( sfn ) that is based on using elementary functions to model systems in a symbolic form . the proposed formulation permits feature selection , functional selection , and flexible structure . we applied this model on the river flow forecasting problem . the results found to be superior in both fitness and sparsity .←
→ cloud radiative effect study using sky camera ; the analysis of clouds in the earth ' s atmosphere is important for a variety of applications , viz . weather reporting , climate forecasting , and solar energy generation . in this paper , we focus our attention on the impact of cloud on the total solar irradiance reaching the earth ' s surface . we use weather station to record the total solar irradiance . moreover , we employ collocated ground - based sky camera to automatically compute the instantaneous cloud coverage . w ←
→ recovery guarantee of weighted low - rank approximation via alternating minimization ; many applications require recovering a ground truth low - rank matrix from noisy observations of the entries , which in practice is typically formulated as a weighted low - rank approximation problem and solved by non - convex optimization heuristics such as alternating minimization . in this paper , we provide provable recovery guarantee of weighted low - rank via a simple alternating minimization algorithm . in particular , for a na ←
→ structured signal recovery from quadratic measurements : breaking sample complexity barriers via nonconvex optimization ; this paper concerns the problem of recovering an unknown but structured signal $ x \ in r ^ n $ from $ m $ quadratic measurements of the form $ y_r =|< a_r , x >|^ 2 $ for $ r = 1 , 2 ,..., m $. we focus on the under - determined setting where the number of measurements is significantly smaller than the dimension of the signal ($ m << n $). we formulate the recovery problem as a nonconvex optimization problem where ←
→ policy gradient for coherent risk measures ; several authors have recently developed risk - sensitive policy gradient methods that augment the standard expected cost minimization problem with a measure of variability in cost . these studies have focused on specific risk - measures , such as the variance or conditional value at risk ( cvar ). in this work , we extend the policy gradient method to the whole class of coherent risk measures , which is widely accepted in finance and operations research , among other fields ←
→ memory - efficient kernel pca via partial matrix sampling and nonconvex optimization : a model - free analysis of local minima ; kernel pca is a widely used nonlinear dimension reduction technique in machine learning , but storing the kernel matrix is notoriously challenging when the sample size is large . inspired by yi et al . [ 2016 ], where the idea of partial matrix sampling followed by nonconvex optimization is proposed for matrix completion and robust pca , we apply a similar approach to memory - efficient kern ←
→ towards diverse and natural image descriptions via a conditional gan ; despite the substantial progress in recent years , the image captioning techniques are still far from being perfect . sentences produced by existing methods , e . g . those based on rnns , are often overly rigid and lacking in variability . this issue is related to a learning principle widely used in practice , that is , to maximize the likelihood of training samples . this principle encourages high resemblance to the " ground - truth " captions while s ←
→ selective harvesting over networks ; active search ( as ) on graphs focuses on collecting certain labeled nodes ( targets ) given global knowledge of the network topology and its edge weights under a query budget . however , in most networks , nodes , topology and edge weights are all initially unknown . we introduce selective harvesting , a variant of as where the next node to be queried must be chosen among the neighbors of the current queried node set ; the available training data for deciding which node to query i ←
→ stroke fragmentation based on geometry features and hmm ; stroke fragmentation is one of the key steps in pen - based interaction . in this letter , we present a unified hmm - based stroke fragmentation technique that can do segment point location and primitive type determination simultaneously . the geometry features included are used to evaluate local features , and the hmm model is utilized to measure the global drawing context . experiments prove that the model can efficiently represent smooth curves as well as ←
→ unsupervised classification using immune algorithm ; unsupervised classification algorithm based on clonal selection principle named unsupervised clonal selection classification ( ucsc ) is proposed in this paper . the new proposed algorithm is data driven and self - adaptive , it adjusts its parameters to the data to make the classification operation as fast as possible . the performance of ucsc is evaluated by comparing it with the well known k - means algorithm using several artificial and real - life data sets . th ←
→ linear response methods for accurate covariance estimates from mean field variational bayes ; mean field variational bayes ( mfvb ) is a popular posterior approximation method due to its fast runtime on large - scale data sets . however , it is well known that a major failing of mfvb is that it underestimates the uncertainty of model variables ( sometimes severely ) and provides no information about model variable covariance . we generalize linear response methods from statistical physics to deliver accurate unc ←
→ eco : efficient convolution operators for tracking ; in recent years , discriminative correlation filter ( dcf ) based methods have significantly advanced the state - of - the - art in tracking . however , in the pursuit of ever increasing tracking performance , their characteristic speed and real - time capability have gradually faded . further , the increasingly complex models , with massive number of trainable parameters , have introduced the risk of severe over - fitting . in this work , we tackle the key causes behind the pr ←
→ a novel approach for nose tip detection using smoothing by weighted median filtering applied to 3d face images in variant poses ; this paper is based on an application of smoothing of 3d face images followed by feature detection i . e . detecting the nose tip . the present method uses a weighted mesh median filtering technique for smoothing . in this present smoothing technique we have built the neighborhood surrounding a particular point in 3d face and replaced that with the weighted value of the surrounding ←
→ a non - projective greedy dependency parser with bidirectional lstms ; the lys - fastparse team presents bist - covington , a neural implementation of the covington ( 2001 ) algorithm for non - projective dependency parsing . the bidirectional lstm approach by kipperwasser and goldberg ( 2016 ) is used to train a greedy parser with a dynamic oracle to mitigate error propagation . the model participated in the conll 2017 ud shared task . in spite of not using any ensemble methods and using the baseline segmentation and pos ←
→ in - bed pose estimation : deep learning with shallow dataset ; although human pose estimation for various computer vision ( cv ) applications has been studied extensively in the last few decades , yet in - bed pose estimation using camera - based vision methods has been ignored by the cv community because it is assumed to be identical to the general purpose pose estimation methods . however , in - bed pose estimation has its own specialized aspects and comes with specific challenges including the notable differences in ←
→ obstacle detection test in real - word traffic contexts for the purposes of motorcycle autonomous emergency braking ( maeb ) ; research suggests that a motorcycle autonomous emergency braking system ( maeb ) could influence 25 % of the crashes involving powered two wheelers ( ptws ). by automatically slowing down a host ptw of up to 10 km / h in inevitable collision scenarios , maeb could potentially mitigate the crash severity for the riders . the feasibility of automatic decelerations of motorcycles was shown via fi ←
→ adaptive learning with binary neurons ; a efficient incremental learning algorithm for classification tasks , called netlines , well adapted for both binary and real - valued input patterns is presented . it generates small compact feedforward neural networks with one hidden layer of binary units and binary output units . a convergence theorem ensures that solutions with a finite number of hidden units exist for both binary and real - valued input patterns . an implementation for problems with more than two classes ,←
→ a doubly distributed genetic algorithm for network coding ; we present a genetic algorithm which is distributed in two novel ways : along genotype and temporal axes . our algorithm first distributes , for every member of the population , a subset of the genotype to each network node , rather than a subset of the population to each . this genotype distribution is shown to offer a significant gain in running time . then , for efficient use of the computational resources in the network , our algorithm divides the candi ←
→ glyph - aware embedding of chinese characters ; given the advantage and recent success of english character - level and subword - unit models in several nlp tasks , we consider the equivalent modeling problem for chinese . chinese script is logographic and many chinese logograms are composed of common substructures that provide semantic , phonetic and syntactic hints . in this work , we propose to explicitly incorporate the visual appearance of a character ' s glyph in its representation , resulting in a novel glyph - awar ←
→ moments and root - mean - square error of the bayesian mmse estimator of classification error in the gaussian model ; the most important aspect of any classifier is its error rate , because this quantifies its predictive capacity . thus , the accuracy of error estimation is critical . error estimation is problematic in small - sample classifier design because the error must be estimated using the same data from which the classifier has been designed . use of prior knowledge , in the form of a prior distribution on an ←
→ sequential model - based ensemble optimization ; one of the most tedious tasks in the application of machine learning is model selection , i . e . hyperparameter selection . fortunately , recent progress has been made in the automation of this process , through the use of sequential model - based optimization ( smbo ) methods . this can be used to optimize a cross - validation performance of a learning algorithm over the value of its hyperparameters . however , it is well known that ensembles of learned models almost consist ←
→ deepstereo : learning to predict new views from the world ' s imagery ; deep networks have recently enjoyed enormous success when applied to recognition and classification problems in computer vision , but their use in graphics problems has been limited . in this work , we present a novel deep architecture that performs new view synthesis directly from pixels , trained from a large number of posed image sets . in contrast to traditional approaches which consist of multiple complex stages of processing , each of whic ←
→ reasoning for alcq extended with a flexible meta - modelling hierarchy ; this works is motivated by a real - world case study where it is necessary to integrate and relate existing ontologies through meta - modelling . for this , we introduce the description logic alcqm which is obtained from alcq by adding statements that equate individuals to concepts in a knowledge base . in this new extension , a concept can be an individual of another concept ( called meta - concept ) which themselves can be individuals of yet anot ←
→ evaluation the efficiency of cuckoo optimization algorithm ; in this paper a new evolutionary algorithm , for continuous nonlinear optimization problems , is surveyed . this method is inspired by the life of a bird , called cuckoo . the cuckoo optimization algorithm ( coa ) is evaluated by using the rastrigin function . the problem is a non - linear continuous function which is used for evaluating optimization algorithms . the efficiency of the coa has been studied by obtaining optimal solution of various dimensions r ←
→ corporate disruption in the science of machine learning ; this msc dissertation considers the effects of the current corporate interest on researchers in the field of machine learning . situated within the field ' s cyclical history of academic , public and corporate interest , this dissertation investigates how current researchers view recent developments and negotiate their own research practices within an environment of increased commercial interest and funding . the original research consists of in - depth inte ←
→ a computer program for simulating time travel and a possible ' solution ' for the grandfather paradox ; while the possibility of time travel in physics is still debated , the explosive growth of virtual - reality simulations opens up new possibilities to rigorously explore such time travel and its consequences in the digital domain . here we provide a computational model of time travel and a computer program that allows exploring digital time travel . in order to explain our method we formalize a simplified vers ←
→ interaction matters : a note on non - asymptotic local convergence of generative adversarial networks ; motivated by the pursuit of a systematic computational and algorithmic understanding of generative adversarial networks ( gans ), we present a simple yet unified non - asymptotic local convergence theory for smooth two - player games , which subsumes several discrete - time gradient - based saddle point dynamics . the analysis reveals the surprising nature of the off - diagonal interaction term as both a blessing and a ←
→ a three - dimensional approach to visual speech recognition using discrete cosine transforms ; visual speech recognition aims to identify the sequence of phonemes from continuous speech . unlike the traditional approach of using 2d image feature extraction methods to derive features of each video frame separately , this paper proposes a new approach using a 3d ( spatio - temporal ) discrete cosine transform to extract features of each feasible sub - sequence of an input video which are subsequently classified indiv ←
→ accelerating kernel classifiers through borders mapping ; support vector machines ( svm ) and other kernel techniques represent a family of powerful statistical classification methods with high accuracy and broad applicability . because they use all or a significant portion of the training data , however , they can be slow , especially for large problems . piecewise linear classifiers are similarly versatile , yet have the additional advantages of simplicity , ease of interpretation and , if the number of component l ←
→ a survey of predictive modelling under imbalanced distributions ; many real world data mining applications involve obtaining predictive models using data sets with strongly imbalanced distributions of the target variable . frequently , the least common values of this target variable are associated with events that are highly relevant for end users ( e . g . fraud detection , unusual returns on stock markets , anticipation of catastrophes , etc .). moreover , the events may have different costs and benefits , which when ←
→ completing a joint pmf from projections : a low - rank coupled tensor factorization approach ; there has recently been considerable interest in completing a low - rank matrix or tensor given only a small fraction ( or few linear combinations ) of its entries . related approaches have found considerable success in the area of recommender systems , under machine learning . from a statistical estimation point of view , the gold standard is to have access to the joint probability distribution of all pertinent random var ←
→ moving object detection in video using saliency map and subspace learning ; moving object detection is a key to intelligent video analysis . on the one hand , what moves is not only interesting objects but also noise and cluttered background . on the other hand , moving objects without rich texture are prone not to be detected . so there are undesirable false alarms and missed alarms in many algorithms of moving object detection . to reduce the false alarms and missed alarms , in this paper , we propose to incorp ←
→ salient object detection by lossless feature reflection ; salient object detection , which aims to identify and locate the most salient pixels or regions in images , has been attracting more and more interest due to its various real - world applications . however , this vision task is quite challenging , especially under complex image scenes . inspired by the intrinsic reflection of natural images , in this paper we propose a novel feature learning framework for large - scale salient object detection . specifically , we ←
→ automatic generation of constraint propagation algorithms for small finite domains ; we study here constraint satisfaction problems that are based on predefined , explicitly given finite constraints . to solve them we propose a notion of rule consistency that can be expressed in terms of rules derived from the explicit representation of the initial constraints . this notion of local consistency is weaker than arc consistency for constraints of arbitrary arity but coincides with it when all domains are unar ←
→ using reinforcement learning to learn how to play text - based games ; the ability to learn optimal control policies in systems where action space is defined by sentences in natural language would allow many interesting real - world applications such as automatic optimisation of dialogue systems . text - based games with multiple endings and rewards are a promising platform for this task , since their feedback allows us to employ reinforcement learning techniques to jointly learn text representations and control po ←
→ a novel metric approach evaluation for the spatial enhancement of pan - sharpened images ; various and different methods can be used to produce high - resolution multispectral images from high - resolution panchromatic image ( pan ) and low - resolution multispectral images ( ms ), mostly on the pixel level . the quality of image fusion is an essential determinant of the value of processing images fusion for many applications . spatial and spectral qualities are the two important indexes that used to evaluate the quali ←
→ neural networks with complex and quaternion inputs ; this article investigates kak neural networks , which can be instantaneously trained , for complex and quaternion inputs . the performance of the basic algorithm has been analyzed and shown how it provides a plausible model of human perception and understanding of images . the motivation for studying quaternion inputs is their use in representing spatial rotations that find applications in computer graphics , robotics , global navigation , computer vision and th ←
→ fader networks : manipulating images by sliding attributes ; this paper introduces a new encoder - decoder architecture that is trained to reconstruct images by disentangling the salient information of the image and the values of attributes directly in the latent space . as a result , after training , our model can generate different realistic versions of an input image by varying the attribute values . by using continuous attribute values , we can choose how much a specific attribute is perceivable in the generate ←
→ value function approximation in noisy environments using locally smoothed regularized approximate linear programs ; recently , petrik et al . demonstrated that l1regularized approximate linear programming ( ralp ) could produce value functions and policies which compared favorably to established linear value function approximation techniques like lspi . ralp ' s success primarily stems from the ability to solve the feature selection and value function approximation steps simultaneously . ralp ' s performance guaran ←
→ joint inference of multiple label types in large networks ; we tackle the problem of inferring node labels in a partially labeled graph where each node in the graph has multiple label types and each label type has a large number of possible labels . our primary example , and the focus of this paper , is the joint inference of label types such as hometown , current city , and employers , for users connected by a social network . standard label propagation fails to consider the properties of the label types and the ←
→ remote sensing image fusion based on two - stream fusion network ; remote sensing image fusion ( also known as pan - sharpening ) aims at generating high resolution multi - spectral ( ms ) image from inputs of a high spatial resolution single band panchromatic ( pan ) image and a low spatial resolution multi - spectral image . inspired by the astounding achievements of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) in a variety of computer vision tasks , in this paper , we propose a two - stream fusion network ( tfnet ) to address the pr ←
→ concurrent activity recognition with multimodal cnn - lstm structure ; we introduce a system that recognizes concurrent activities from real - world data captured by multiple sensors of different types . the recognition is achieved in two steps . first , we extract spatial and temporal features from the multimodal data . we feed each datatype into a convolutional neural network that extracts spatial features , followed by a long - short term memory network that extracts temporal information in the sensory data . the ex ←
→ classification and retrieval of digital pathology scans : a new dataset ; in this paper , we introduce a new dataset , \ textbf { kimia path24 }, for image classification and retrieval in digital pathology . we use the whole scan images of 24 different tissue textures to generate 1 , 325 test patches of size 1000 $\ times $ 1000 ( 0 . 5mm $\ times $ 0 . 5mm ). training data can be generated according to preferences of algorithm designer and can range from approximately 27 , 000 to over 50 , 000 patches if the preset parameters are ado ←
→ liberating language research from dogmas of the 20th century ; a commentary on the article " large - scale evidence of dependency length minimization in 37 languages " by futrell , mahowald & gibson ( pnas 2015 112 ( 33 ) 10336 - 10341 ).←
→ natural language web interface for database ( nlwidb ) ; it is a long term desire of the computer users to minimize the communication gap between the computer and a human . on the other hand , almost all ict applications store information in to databases and retrieve from them . retrieving information from the database requires knowledge of technical languages such as structured query language . however majority of the computer users who interact with the databases do not have a technical background and are intim ←
→ discovering general partial orders in event streams ; frequent episode discovery is a popular framework for pattern discovery in event streams . an episode is a partially ordered set of nodes with each node associated with an event type . efficient ( and separate ) algorithms exist for episode discovery when the associated partial order is total ( serial episode ) and trivial ( parallel episode ). in this paper , we propose efficient algorithms for discovering frequent episodes with general partial orders . these alg ←
→ accessing accurate documents by mining auxiliary document information ; earlier techniques of text mining included algorithms like k - means , naive bayes , svm which classify and cluster the text document for mining relevant information about the documents . the need for improving the mining techniques has us searching for techniques using the available algorithms . this paper proposes one technique which uses the auxiliary information that is present inside the text documents to improve the mining . this auxilia ←
→ from query - by - keyword to query - by - example : linkedin talent search approach ; one key challenge in talent search is to translate complex criteria of a hiring position into a search query , while it is relatively easy for a searcher to list examples of suitable candidates for a given position . to improve search efficiency , we propose the next generation of talent search at linkedin , also referred to as search by ideal candidates . in this system , a searcher provides one or several ideal candidates as the inpu ←
→ parallel tracking and verifying : a framework for real - time and high accuracy visual tracking ; being intensively studied , visual tracking has seen great recent advances in either speed ( e . g ., with correlation filters ) or accuracy ( e . g ., with deep features ). real - time and high accuracy tracking algorithms , however , remain scarce . in this paper we study the problem from a new perspective and present a novel parallel tracking and verifying ( ptav ) framework , by taking advantage of the ubiquity of multi - thread ←
→ an interactive greedy approach to group sparsity in high dimension ; sparsity learning with known grouping structures has received considerable attention due to wide modern applications in high - dimensional data analysis . although advantages of using group information have been well - studied by shrinkage - based approaches , benefits of group sparsity have not been well - documented for greedy - type methods , which much limits our understanding and use of this important class of methods . in this paper , generalizing ←
→ a sentence simplification system for improving relation extraction ; in this demo paper , we present a text simplification approach that is directed at improving the performance of state - of - the - art open relation extraction ( re ) systems . as syntactically complex sentences often pose a challenge for current open re approaches , we have developed a simplification framework that performs a pre - processing step by taking a single sentence as input and using a set of syntactic - based transformation rules to create a ←
→ evaluating defaults ; we seek to find normative criteria of adequacy for nonmonotonic logic similar to the criterion of validity for deductive logic . rather than stipulating that the conclusion of an inference be true in all models in which the premises are true , we require that the conclusion of a nonmonotonic inference be true in `` almost all '' models of a certain sort in which the premises are true . this `` certain sort '' specification picks out the models that are relevant to the inference , taking into a ←
→ the information sieve ; we introduce a new framework for unsupervised learning of representations based on a novel hierarchical decomposition of information . intuitively , data is passed through a series of progressively fine - grained sieves . each layer of the sieve recovers a single latent factor that is maximally informative about multivariate dependence in the data . the data is transformed after each pass so that the remaining unexplained information trickles down to the next layer . ultimately , we are left ←
→ effective generation of subjectively random binary sequences ; we present an algorithm for effectively generating binary sequences which would be rated by people as highly likely to have been generated by a random process , such as flipping a fair coin .←
→ gesture - based bootstrapping for egocentric hand segmentation ; accurately identifying hands in images is a key sub - task for human activity understanding with wearable first - person point - of - view cameras . traditional hand segmentation approaches rely on a large corpus of manually labeled data to generate robust hand detectors . however , these approaches still face challenges as the appearance of the hand varies greatly across users , tasks , environments or illumination conditions . a key observation in the case ←
→ learning a hierarchical latent - variable model of 3d shapes ; we propose the variational shape learner ( vsl ), a hierarchical latent - variable model for 3d shape learning . vsl employs an unsupervised approach to learning and inferring the underlying structure of voxelized 3d shapes . through the use of skip - connections , our model can successfully learn a latent , hierarchical representation of objects . furthermore , realistic 3d objects can be easily generated by sampling the vsl ' s latent probabilistic manifold . ←
→ deep reinforcement learning for time series : playing idealized trading games ; deep q - learning is investigated as an end - to - end solution to estimate the optimal strategies for acting on time series input . experiments are conducted on two idealized trading games . 1 ) univariate : the only input is a wave - like price time series , and 2 ) bivariate : the input includes a random stepwise price time series and a noisy signal time series , which is positively correlated with future price changes . the univariate game ←
→ a pareto front - based multiobjective path planning algorithm ; path planning is one of the most vital elements of mobile robotics . with a priori knowledge of the environment , global path planning provides a collision - free route through the workspace . the global path plan can be calculated with a variety of informed search algorithms , most notably the a * search method , guaranteed to deliver a complete and optimal solution that minimizes the path cost . path planning optimization typically looks to minimize the ←
→ date - field retrieval in scene image and video frames using text enhancement and shape coding ; text recognition in scene image and video frames is difficult because of low resolution , blur , background noise , etc . since traditional ocrs do not perform well in such images , information retrieval using keywords could be an alternative way to index / retrieve such text information . date is a useful piece of information which has various applications including date - wise videos / scene searching , indexing or retriev ←
→ deep api programmer : learning to program with apis ; we present dapip , a programming - by - example system that learns to program with apis to perform data transformation tasks . we design a domain - specific language ( dsl ) that allows for arbitrary concatenations of api outputs and constant strings . the dsl consists of three family of apis : regular expression - based apis , lookup apis , and transformation apis . we then present a novel neural synthesis algorithm to search for programs in the dsl that are consistent w ←
→ active learning with version spaces for object detection ; given an image , we would like to learn to detect objects belonging to particular object categories . common object detection methods train on large annotated datasets which are annotated in terms of bounding boxes that contain the object of interest . previous works on object detection model the problem as a structured regression problem which ranks the correct bounding boxes more than the background ones . in this paper we develop algorithms which act ←
→ a mutually - dependent hadamard kernel for modelling latent variable couplings ; we introduce a novel kernel that models input - dependent couplings across multiple latent processes . the pairwise joint kernel measures covariance along inputs and across different latent signals in a mutually - dependent fashion . a latent correlation gaussian process ( lcgp ) model combines these non - stationary latent components into multiple outputs by an input - dependent mixing matrix . probit classification and support for multipl ←
→ tracking in aerial hyperspectral videos using deep kernelized correlation filters ; hyperspectral imaging holds enormous potential to improve the state - of - the - art in aerial vehicle tracking with low spatial and temporal resolutions . recently , adaptive multi - modal hyperspectral sensors , controlled by dynamic data driven applications systems ( dddas ) methodology , have attracted growing interest due to their ability to record extended data quickly from the aerial platforms . in this study , we apply popular con ←
→ simultaneous compression and quantization : a joint approach for efficient unsupervised hashing ; the two most important requirements for unsupervised data - dependent hashing methods are to preserve similarity in the low - dimensional feature space and to minimize the binary quantization loss . even though there are many hashing methods that have been proposed in the literature , there is room for improvement to address both requirements simultaneously and adequately . in this paper , we propose a novel approach ,←
→ exploring online ad images using a deep convolutional neural network approach ; online advertising is a huge , rapidly growing advertising market in today ' s world . one common form of online advertising is using image ads . a decision is made ( often in real time ) every time a user sees an ad , and the advertiser is eager to determine the best ad to display . consequently , many algorithms have been developed that calculate the optimal ad to show to the current user at the present time . typically , these algorith ←
→ deep learning in multiple multistep time series prediction ; the project aims to research on combining deep learning specifically long - short memory ( lstm ) and basic statistics in multiple multistep time series prediction . lstm can dive into all the pages and learn the general trends of variation in a large scope , while the well selected medians for each page can keep the special seasonality of different pages so that the future trend will not fluctuate too much from the reality . a recent kaggle competition ←
→ median k - flats for hybrid linear modeling with many outliers ; we describe the median k - flats ( mkf ) algorithm , a simple online method for hybrid linear modeling , i . e ., for approximating data by a mixture of flats . this algorithm simultaneously partitions the data into clusters while finding their corresponding best approximating l1 d - flats , so that the cumulative l1 error is minimized . the current implementation restricts d - flats to be d - dimensional linear subspaces . it requires a negligible amount of stora ←
→ head frontal - view identification using extended lle ; automatic head frontal - view identification is challenging due to appearance variations caused by pose changes , especially without any training samples . in this paper , we present an unsupervised algorithm for identifying frontal view among multiple facial images under various yaw poses ( derived from the same person ). our approach is based on locally linear embedding ( lle ), with the assumption that with yaw pose being the only variable , the facial images s ←
→ wavelet methods for shape perception in electro - sensing ; this paper aims at presenting a new approach to the electro - sensing problem using wavelets . it provides an efficient algorithm for recognizing the shape of a target from micro - electrical impedance measurements . stability and resolution capabilities of the proposed algorithm are quantified in numerical simulations .←
→ noise models in feature - based stereo visual odometry ; feature - based visual structure and motion reconstruction pipelines , common in visual odometry and large - scale reconstruction from photos , use the location of corresponding features in different images to determine the 3d structure of the scene , as well as the camera parameters associated with each image . the noise model , which defines the likelihood of the location of each feature in each image , is a key factor in the accuracy of such pipelines , alongsi ←
→ multilevel context representation for improving object recognition ; in this work , we propose the combined usage of low - and high - level blocks of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) for improving object recognition . while recent research focused on either propagating the context from all layers , e . g . resnet , ( including the very low - level layers ) or having multiple loss layers ( e . g . googlenet ), the importance of the features close to the higher layers is ignored . this paper postulates that the use of contex ←
→ 3d automatic segmentation method for retinal optical coherence tomography volume data using boundary surface enhancement ; with the introduction of spectral - domain optical coherence tomography ( sdoct ), much larger image datasets are routinely acquired compared to what was possible using the previous generation of time - domain oct . thus , there is a critical need for the development of 3d segmentation methods for processing these data . we present here a novel 3d automatic segmentation method for retinal oct ←
→ original loop - closure detection algorithm for monocular vslam ; vision - based simultaneous localization and mapping ( vslam ) is a well - established problem in mobile robotics and monocular vslam is one of the most challenging variations of that problem nowadays . in this work we study one of the core post - processing optimization mechanisms in vslam , e . g . loop - closure detection . we analyze the existing methods and propose original algorithm for loop - closure detection , which is suitable for dense , semi - dense and ←
→ improved answer - set programming encodings for abstract argumentation ; the design of efficient solutions for abstract argumentation problems is a crucial step towards advanced argumentation systems . one of the most prominent approaches in the literature is to use answer - set programming ( asp ) for this endeavor . in this paper , we present new encodings for three prominent argumentation semantics using the concept of conditional literals in disjunctions as provided by the asp - system clingo . our new encodings ar ←
→ detecting violence in video using subclasses ; this paper attacks the challenging problem of violence detection in videos . different from existing works focusing on combining multi - modal features , we go one step further by adding and exploiting subclasses visually related to violence . we enrich the mediaeval 2015 violence dataset by \ emph { manually } labeling violence videos with respect to the subclasses . such fine - grained annotations not only help understand what have impeded previous efforts on learning to ←
→ discriminative extended canonical correlation analysis for pattern set matching ; in this paper we address the problem of matching sets of vectors embedded in the same input space . we propose an approach which is motivated by canonical correlation analysis ( cca ), a statistical technique which has proven successful in a wide variety of pattern recognition problems . like cca when applied to the matching of sets , our extended canonical correlation analysis ( e - cca ) aims to extract the most similar modes of va ←
→ robust discriminative clustering with sparse regularizers ; clustering high - dimensional data often requires some form of dimensionality reduction , where clustered variables are separated from " noise - looking " variables . we cast this problem as finding a low - dimensional projection of the data which is well - clustered . this yields a one - dimensional projection in the simplest situation with two clusters , and extends naturally to a multi - label scenario for more than two clusters . in this paper , ( a ) we first show ←
→ a probabilistic disease progression model for predicting future clinical outcome ; in this work , we consider the problem of predicting the course of a progressive disease , such as cancer or alzheimer ' s . progressive diseases often start with mild symptoms that might precede a diagnosis , and each patient follows their own trajectory . patient trajectories exhibit wild variability , which can be associated with many factors such as genotype , age , or sex . an additional layer of complexity is that , in real life ,←
→ parametric image segmentation of humans with structural shape priors ; the figure - ground segmentation of humans in images captured in natural environments is an outstanding open problem due to the presence of complex backgrounds , articulation , varying body proportions , partial views and viewpoint changes . in this work we propose class - specific segmentation models that leverage parametric max - flow image segmentation and a large dataset of human shapes . our contributions are as follows : ( 1 ) formulation of a s ←
→ impact of biases in big data ; the underlying paradigm of big data - driven machine learning reflects the desire of deriving better conclusions from simply analyzing more data , without the necessity of looking at theory and models . is having simply more data always helpful ? in 1936 , the literary digest collected 2 . 3m filled in questionnaires to predict the outcome of that year ' s us presidential election . the outcome of this big data prediction proved to be entirely wrong , whereas george gallup only needed 3k ←
→ learning object arrangements in 3d scenes using human context ; we consider the problem of learning object arrangements in a 3d scene . the key idea here is to learn how objects relate to human poses based on their affordances , ease of use and reachability . in contrast to modeling object - object relationships , modeling human - object relationships scales linearly in the number of objects . we design appropriate density functions based on 3d spatial features to capture this . we learn the distribution of human pos ←
→ non - convex regularizations for feature selection in ranking with sparse svm ; feature selection in learning to rank has recently emerged as a crucial issue . whereas several preprocessing approaches have been proposed , only a few works have been focused on integrating the feature selection into the learning process . in this work , we propose a general framework for feature selection in learning to rank using svm with a sparse regularization term . we investigate both classical convex regularizations such as ←
→ generating handwritten chinese characters using cyclegan ; handwriting of chinese has long been an important skill in east asia . however , automatic generation of handwritten chinese characters poses a great challenge due to the large number of characters . various machine learning techniques have been used to recognize chinese characters , but few works have studied the handwritten chinese character generation problem , especially with unpaired training data . in this work , we formulate the chinese handwritten ←
→ galgo : a genetic algorithm decision support tool for complex uncertain systems modeled with bayesian belief networks ; bayesian belief networks can be used to represent and to reason about complex systems with uncertain , incomplete and conflicting information . belief networks are graphs encoding and quantifying probabilistic dependence and conditional independence among variables . one type of reasoning of interest in diagnosis is called abductive inference ( determination of the global most probable system ←
→ human action recognition : pose - based attention draws focus to hands ; we propose a new spatio - temporal attention based mechanism for human action recognition able to automatically attend to the hands most involved into the studied action and detect the most discriminative moments in an action . attention is handled in a recurrent manner employing recurrent neural network ( rnn ) and is fully - differentiable . in contrast to standard soft - attention based mechanisms , our approach does not use the hidden rnn state ←
→ beyond a gaussian denoiser : residual learning of deep cnn for image denoising ; discriminative model learning for image denoising has been recently attracting considerable attentions due to its favorable denoising performance . in this paper , we take one step forward by investigating the construction of feed - forward denoising convolutional neural networks ( dncnns ) to embrace the progress in very deep architecture , learning algorithm , and regularization method into image denoising . specifically , residual le ←
→ adaptive image denoising by mixture adaptation ; we propose an adaptive learning procedure to learn patch - based image priors for image denoising . the new algorithm , called the expectation - maximization ( em ) adaptation , takes a generic prior learned from a generic external database and adapts it to the noisy image to generate a specific prior . different from existing methods that combine internal and external statistics in ad - hoc ways , the proposed algorithm is rigorously derived from a bayesian hyper - prior p ←
→ backpropagation in matrix notation ; in this note we calculate the gradient of the network function in matrix notation .←
→ cusboost : cluster - based under - sampling with boosting for imbalanced classification ; class imbalance classification is a challenging research problem in data mining and machine learning , as most of the real - life datasets are often imbalanced in nature . existing learning algorithms maximise the classification accuracy by correctly classifying the majority class , but misclassify the minority class . however , the minority class instances are representing the concept with greater interest than the majority cla ←
→ on using linear diophantine equations to tune the extent of look ahead while hiding decision tree rules ; this paper focuses on preserving the privacy of sensitive pat - terns when inducing decision trees . we adopt a record aug - mentation approach for hiding sensitive classification rules in binary datasets . such a hiding methodology is preferred over other heuristic solutions like output perturbation or crypto - graphic techniques - which restrict the usability of the data - since the raw data itself is readi ←
→ the ripple pond : enabling spiking networks to see ; in this paper we present the biologically inspired ripple pond network ( rpn ), a simply connected spiking neural network that , operating together with recently proposed polychronous networks ( pcn ), enables rapid , unsupervised , scale and rotation invariant object recognition using efficient spatio - temporal spike coding . the rpn has been developed as a hardware solution linking previously implemented neuromorphic vision and memory structures capable of delive ←
→ truly multi - modal youtube - 8m video classification with video , audio , and text ; the youtube - 8m video classification challenge requires teams to classify 0 . 7 million videos into one or more of 4 , 716 classes . in this kaggle competition , we placed in the top 3 % out of 650 participants using released video and audio features . beyond that , we extend the original competition by including text information in the classification , making this a truly multi - modal approach with vision , audio and text . the newly intro ←
→ role of secondary attributes to boost the prediction accuracy of students employability via data mining ; data mining is best - known for its analytical and prediction capabilities . it is used in several areas such as fraud detection , predicting client behavior , money market behavior , bankruptcy prediction . it can also help in establishing an educational ecosystem , which discovers useful knowledge , and assist educators to take proactive decisions to boost student performance and employability . this paper pr ←
→ anticipating visual representations from unlabeled video ; anticipating actions and objects before they start or appear is a difficult problem in computer vision with several real - world applications . this task is challenging partly because it requires leveraging extensive knowledge of the world that is difficult to write down . we believe that a promising resource for efficiently learning this knowledge is through readily available unlabeled video . we present a framework that capitalizes on temporal structur ←
→ a prototype system for handwritten sub - word recognition : toward arabic - manuscript transliteration ; a prototype system for the transliteration of diacritics - less arabic manuscripts at the sub - word or part of arabic word ( paw ) level is developed . the system is able to read sub - words of the input manuscript using a set of skeleton - based features . a variation of the system is also developed which reads archigraphemic arabic manuscripts , which are dot - less , into archigraphemes transliteration . in order to red ←
→ gps - abc : gaussian process surrogate approximate bayesian computation ; scientists often express their understanding of the world through a computationally demanding simulation program . analyzing the posterior distribution of the parameters given observations ( the inverse problem ) can be extremely challenging . the approximate bayesian computation ( abc ) framework is the standard statistical tool to handle these likelihood free problems , but they require a very large number of simulations . in this work we deve ←
→ pcg - cut : graph driven segmentation of the prostate central gland ; prostate cancer is the most abundant cancer in men , with over 200 , 000 expected new cases and around 28 , 000 deaths in 2012 in the us alone . in this study , the segmentation results for the prostate central gland ( pcg ) in mr scans are presented . the aim of this research study is to apply a graph - based algorithm to automated segmentation ( i . e . delineation ) of organ limits for the prostate central gland . the ultimate goal is to apply automated se ←
→ unsupervised learning through one - shot image - based shape reconstruction ; objects are three - dimensional entities , but visual observations are largely 2d . inferring 3d properties from individual 2d views is thus a generically useful skill that is critical to object perception . we ask the question : can we learn useful image representations by explicitly training a system to infer 3d shape from 2d views ? the few prior attempts at single view 3d reconstruction all target the reconstruction task as an end in its ←
→ the effect of heteroscedasticity on regression trees ; regression trees are becoming increasingly popular as omnibus predicting tools and as the basis of numerous modern statistical learning ensembles . part of their popularity is their ability to create a regression prediction without ever specifying a structure for the mean model . however , the method implicitly assumes homogeneous variance across the entire explanatory - variable space . it is unknown how the algorithm behaves when faced with heteroscedastic ←
→ value function approximation via low - rank models ; we propose a novel value function approximation technique for markov decision processes . we consider the problem of compactly representing the state - action value function using a low - rank and sparse matrix model . the problem is to decompose a matrix that encodes the true value function into low - rank and sparse components , and we achieve this using robust principal component analysis ( pca ). under minimal assumptions , this robust pca problem can be solved exa ←
→ learning mixed graphical models from data with p larger than n ; structure learning of gaussian graphical models is an extensively studied problem in the classical multivariate setting where the sample size n is larger than the number of random variables p , as well as in the more challenging setting when p >> n . however , analogous approaches for learning the structure of graphical models with mixed discrete and continuous variables when p >> n remain largely unexplored . here we describe a statistical learning p ←
→ lifted representation of relational causal models revisited : implications for reasoning and structure learning ; maier et al . ( 2010 ) introduced the relational causal model ( rcm ) for representing and inferring causal relationships in relational data . a lifted representation , called abstract ground graph ( agg ), plays a central role in reasoning with and learning of rcm . the correctness of the algorithm proposed by maier et al . ( 2013a ) for learning rcm from data relies on the soundness and completeness of ag ←
→ non - markovian control with gated end - to - end memory policy networks ; partially observable environments present an important open challenge in the domain of sequential control learning with delayed rewards . despite numerous attempts during the two last decades , the majority of reinforcement learning algorithms and associated approximate models , applied to this context , still assume markovian state transitions . in this paper , we explore the use of a recently proposed attention - based model , the gated end - to - en ←
→ deep neural networks are easily fooled : high confidence predictions for unrecognizable images ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have recently been achieving state - of - the - art performance on a variety of pattern - recognition tasks , most notably visual classification problems . given that dnns are now able to classify objects in images with near - human - level performance , questions naturally arise as to what differences remain between computer and human vision . a recent study revealed that changing an image ( e . g . of ←
→ hmaca : towards proposing a cellular automata based tool for protein coding , promoter region identification and protein structure prediction ; human body consists of lot of cells , each cell consist of deoxaribo nucleic acid ( dna ). identifying the genes from the dna sequences is a very difficult task . but identifying the coding regions is more complex task compared to the former . identifying the protein which occupy little place in genes is a really challenging issue . for understating the genes coding regio ←
→ hierarchical attention model for improved machine comprehension of spoken content ; multimedia or spoken content presents more attractive information than plain text content , but the former is more difficult to display on a screen and be selected by a user . as a result , accessing large collections of the former is much more difficult and time - consuming than the latter for humans . it ' s therefore highly attractive to develop machines which can automatically understand spoken content and summarize the key in ←
→ fast steerable principal component analysis ; cryo - electron microscopy nowadays often requires the analysis of hundreds of thousands of 2d images as large as a few hundred pixels in each direction . here we introduce an algorithm that efficiently and accurately performs principal component analysis ( pca ) for a large set of two - dimensional images , and , for each image , the set of its uniform rotations in the plane and their reflections . for a dataset consisting of $ n $ images of size $ l \ times l $ pixels , the co ←
→ real time image saliency for black box classifiers ; in this work we develop a fast saliency detection method that can be applied to any differentiable image classifier . we train a masking model to manipulate the scores of the classifier by masking salient parts of the input image . our model generalises well to unseen images and requires a single forward pass to perform saliency detection , therefore suitable for use in real - time systems . we test our approach on cifar - 10 and imagenet datasets and show that t ←
→ soft locality preserving map ( slpm ) for facial expression recognition ; for image recognition , an extensive number of methods have been proposed to overcome the high - dimensionality problem of feature vectors being used . these methods vary from unsupervised to supervised , and from statistics to graph - theory based . in this paper , the most popular and the state - of - the - art methods for dimensionality reduction are firstly reviewed , and then a new and more efficient manifold - learning method , named soft locality p ←
→ medical image classification via svm using lbp features from saliency - based folded data ; good results on image classification and retrieval using support vector machines ( svm ) with local binary patterns ( lbps ) as features have been extensively reported in the literature where an entire image is retrieved or classified . in contrast , in medical imaging , not all parts of the image may be equally significant or relevant to the image retrieval application at hand . for instance , in lung x - ray image , the lung r ←
→ improved brain pattern recovery through ranking approaches ; inferring the functional specificity of brain regions from functional magnetic resonance images ( fmri ) data is a challenging statistical problem . while the general linear model ( glm ) remains the standard approach for brain mapping , supervised learning techniques ( a . k . a .} decoding ) have proven to be useful to capture multivariate statistical effects distributed across voxels and brain regions . up to now , much effort has been made to improve decodin ←
→ progressive tree - like curvilinear structure reconstruction with structured ranking learning and graph algorithm ; we propose a novel tree - like curvilinear structure reconstruction algorithm based on supervised learning and graph theory . in this work we analyze image patches to obtain the local major orientations and the rankings that correspond to the curvilinear structure . to extract local curvilinear features , we compute oriented gradient information using steerable filters . we then employ structured su ←
→ dipole vectors in images processing ; instead of evaluating the gradient field of the brightness map of an image , we propose the use of dipole vectors . this approach is obtained by adapting to the image gray - tone distribution the definition of the dipole moment of charge distributions . we will show how to evaluate the dipoles and obtain a vector field , which can be a good alternative to the gradient field in pattern recognition .←
→ norm matters : efficient and accurate normalization schemes in deep networks ; over the past few years batch - normalization has been commonly used in deep networks , allowing faster training and high performance for a wide variety of applications . however , the reasons behind its merits remained unanswered , with several shortcomings that hindered its use for certain tasks . in this work we present a novel view on the purpose and function of normalization methods and weight - decay , as tools to decouple weights ' ←
→ building data - driven models with microstructural images : generalization and interpretability ; as data - driven methods rise in popularity in materials science applications , a key question is how these machine learning models can be used to understand microstructure . given the importance of process - structure - property relations throughout materials science , it seems logical that models that can leverage microstructural data would be more capable of predicting property information . while there have been some ←
→ stopping gan violence : generative unadversarial networks ; while the costs of human violence have attracted a great deal of attention from the research community , the effects of the network - on - network ( non ) violence popularised by generative adversarial networks have yet to be addressed . in this work , we quantify the financial , social , spiritual , cultural , grammatical and dermatological impact of this aggression and address the issue by proposing a more peaceful approach which we term generative unadversari ←
→ multilevel threshold based gray scale image segmentation using cuckoo search ; image segmentation is a technique of partitioning the original image into some distinct classes . many possible solutions may be available for segmenting an image into a certain number of classes , each one having different quality of segmentation . in our proposed method , multilevel thresholding technique has been used for image segmentation . a new approach of cuckoo search ( cs ) is used for selection of optimal threshold value . i ←
→ robust feature selection by mutual information distributions ; mutual information is widely used in artificial intelligence , in a descriptive way , to measure the stochastic dependence of discrete random variables . in order to address questions such as the reliability of the empirical value , one must consider sample - to - population inferential approaches . this paper deals with the distribution of mutual information , as obtained in a bayesian framework by a second - order dirichlet prior distribution . the exact a ←
→ model - powered conditional independence test ; we consider the problem of non - parametric conditional independence testing ( ci testing ) for continuous random variables . given i . i . d samples from the joint distribution $ f ( x , y , z )$ of continuous random vectors $ x , y $ and $ z ,$ we determine whether $ x \ perp y | z $. we approach this by converting the conditional independence test into a classification problem . this allows us to harness very powerful classifiers like gradient - boosted trees and deep neural networks . th ←
→ falsifiable implies learnable ; the paper demonstrates that falsifiability is fundamental to learning . we prove the following theorem for statistical learning and sequential prediction : if a theory is falsifiable then it is learnable -- i . e . admits a strategy that predicts optimally . an analogous result is shown for universal induction .←
→ semi - supervised multi - sensor classification via consensus - based multi - view maximum entropy discrimination ; in this paper , we consider multi - sensor classification when there is a large number of unlabeled samples . the problem is formulated under the multi - view learning framework and a consensus - based multi - view maximum entropy discrimination ( cmv - med ) algorithm is proposed . by iteratively maximizing the stochastic agreement between multiple classifiers on the unlabeled dataset , the algorithm simultaneousl ←
→ visual - only recognition of normal , whispered and silent speech ; silent speech interfaces have been recently proposed as a way to enable communication when the acoustic signal is not available . this introduces the need to build visual speech recognition systems for silent and whispered speech . however , almost all the recently proposed systems have been trained on vocalised data only . this is in contrast with evidence in the literature which suggests that lip movements change depending on the speech mode . in ←
→ a sentence meaning based alignment method for parallel text corpora preparation ; text alignment is crucial to the accuracy of machine translation ( mt ) systems , some nlp tools or any other text processing tasks requiring bilingual data . this research proposes a language independent sentence alignment approach based on polish ( not position - sensitive language ) to english experiments . this alignment approach was developed on the ted talks corpus , but can be used for any text domain or language pair . the prop ←
→ a comparison of directional distances for hand pose estimation ; benchmarking methods for 3d hand tracking is still an open problem due to the difficulty of acquiring ground truth data . we introduce a new dataset and benchmarking protocol that is insensitive to the accumulative error of other protocols . to this end , we create testing frame pairs of increasing difficulty and measure the pose estimation error separately for each of them . this approach gives new insights and allows to accurately study the perf ←
→ sampled image tagging and retrieval methods on user generated content ; traditional image tagging and retrieval algorithms have limited value as a result of being trained with heavily curated datasets . these limitations are most evident when arbitrary search words are used that do not intersect with training set labels . weak labels from user generated content ( ugc ) found in the wild ( e . g ., google photos , flickr , etc .) have an almost unlimited number of unique words in the metadata tags . prior work on word e ←
→ let ' s dance : learning from online dance videos ; in recent years , deep neural network approaches have naturally extended to the video domain , in their simplest case by aggregating per - frame classifications as a baseline for action recognition . a majority of the work in this area extends from the imaging domain , leading to visual - feature heavy approaches on temporal data . to address this issue we introduce " let ' s dance ", a 1000 video dataset ( and growing ) comprised of 10 visually overlapping dance categories ←
→ graph - based blind image deblurring from a single photograph ; blind image deblurring , i . e ., deblurring without knowledge of the blur kernel , is a highly ill - posed problem . the problem can be solved in two parts : i ) estimate a blur kernel from the blurry image , and ii ) given estimated blur kernel , de - convolve blurry input to restore the target image . in this paper , we propose a graph - based blind image deblurring algorithm by interpreting an image patch as a signal on a weighted graph . specifically , we first ←
→ fence - an efficient parser with ambiguity support for model - driven language specification ; model - based language specification has applications in the implementation of language processors , the design of domain - specific languages , model - driven software development , data integration , text mining , natural language processing , and corpus - based induction of models . model - based language specification decouples language design from language processing and , unlike traditional grammar - driven approaches , which co ←
→ fpga implementation of the car model of the cochlea ; the front end of the human auditory system , the cochlea , converts sound signals from the outside world into neural impulses transmitted along the auditory pathway for further processing . the cochlea senses and separates sound in a nonlinear active fashion , exhibiting remarkable sensitivity and frequency discrimination . although several electronic models of the cochlea have been proposed and implemented , none of these are able to reproduce all the charact ←
→ generalized fisher score for feature selection ; fisher score is one of the most widely used supervised feature selection methods . however , it selects each feature independently according to their scores under the fisher criterion , which leads to a suboptimal subset of features . in this paper , we present a generalized fisher score to jointly select features . it aims at finding an subset of features , which maximize the lower bound of traditional fisher score . the resulting feature selection problem is a mixe ←
→ label optimal regret bounds for online local learning ; we resolve an open question from ( christiano , 2014b ) posed in colt ' 14 regarding the optimal dependency of the regret achievable for online local learning on the size of the label set . in this framework the algorithm is shown a pair of items at each step , chosen from a set of $ n $ items . the learner then predicts a label for each item , from a label set of size $ l $ and receives a real valued payoff . this is a natural framework which captures many interest ←
→ construction of vietnamese sentiwordnet by using vietnamese dictionary ; sentiwordnet is an important lexical resource supporting sentiment analysis in opinion mining applications . in this paper , we propose a novel approach to construct a vietnamese sentiwordnet ( vswn ). sentiwordnet is typically generated from wordnet in which each synset has numerical scores to indicate its opinion polarities . many previous studies obtained these scores by applying a machine learning method to wordnet . however , vietnamese ←
→ quantifying program bias ; with the range and sensitivity of algorithmic decisions expanding at a break - neck speed , it is imperative that we aggressively investigate whether programs are biased . we propose a novel probabilistic program analysis technique and apply it to quantifying bias in decision - making programs . specifically , we ( i ) present a sound and complete automated verification technique for proving quantitative properties of probabilistic programs ; ( ii ) show that certain notions of bias , recently ←
→ network representation learning : a survey ; with the widespread use of information technologies , information networks have increasingly become popular to capture complex relationships across various disciplines , such as social networks , citation networks , telecommunication networks , and biological networks . analyzing these networks sheds light on different aspects of social life such as the structure of society , information diffusion , and different patterns of communication . however , the large scale of info ←
→ multi - person brain activity recognition via comprehensive eeg signal analysis ; an electroencephalography ( eeg ) based brain activity recognition is a fundamental field of study for a number of significant applications such as intention prediction , appliance control , and neurological disease diagnosis in smart home and smart healthcare domains . existing techniques mostly focus on binary brain activity recognition for a single person , which limits their deployment in wider and complex practical scenarios . t ←
→ random forests can hash ; hash codes are a very efficient data representation needed to be able to cope with the ever growing amounts of data . we introduce a random forest semantic hashing scheme with information - theoretic code aggregation , showing for the first time how random forest , a technique that together with deep learning have shown spectacular results in classification , can also be extended to large - scale retrieval . traditional random forest fails to enforce the consistency of hashes generated from ←
→ domain adaptation for named entity recognition in online media with word embeddings ; content on the internet is heterogeneous and arises from various domains like news , entertainment , finance and technology . understanding such content requires identifying named entities ( persons , places and organizations ) as one of the key steps . traditionally named entity recognition ( ner ) systems have been built using available annotated datasets ( like conll , muc ) and demonstrate excellent performance . however , these m ←
→ lightnet : a versatile , standalone matlab - based environment for deep learning ; lightnet is a lightweight , versatile and purely matlab - based deep learning framework . the idea underlying its design is to provide an easy - to - understand , easy - to - use and efficient computational platform for deep learning research . the implemented framework supports major deep learning architectures such as multilayer perceptron networks ( mlp ), convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) and recurrent neural networks ( rnn ). the framewor ←
→ a multiple - choice test recognition system based on the gamera framework ; this article describes ject - omr , a system that analyzes digital images representing scans of multiple - choice tests compiled by students . the system performs a structural analysis of the document in order to get the chosen answer for each question , and it also contains a bar - code decoder , used for the identification of additional information encoded in the document . ject - omr was implemented using the python programming language , and le ←
→ an empirical study on large scale text classification with skip - gram embeddings ; we investigate the integration of word embeddings as classification features in the setting of large scale text classification . such representations have been used in a plethora of tasks , however their application in classification scenarios with thousands of classes has not been extensively researched , partially due to hardware limitations . in this work , we examine efficient composition functions to obtain document - level fr ←
→ post - processing of discovered association rules using ontologies ; in data mining , the usefulness of association rules is strongly limited by the huge amount of delivered rules . in this paper we propose a new approach to prune and filter discovered rules . using domain ontologies , we strengthen the integration of user knowledge in the post - processing task . furthermore , an interactive and iterative framework is designed to assist the user along the analyzing task . on the one hand , we represent user domain kno ←
→ affine - invariant geodesic geometry of deformable 3d shapes ; natural objects can be subject to various transformations yet still preserve properties that we refer to as invariants . here , we use definitions of affine invariant arclength for surfaces in r ^ 3 in order to extend the set of existing non - rigid shape analysis tools . in fact , we show that by re - defining the surface metric as its equi - affine version , the surface with its modified metric tensor can be treated as a canonical euclidean object on which m ←
→ optimistic rates for learning with a smooth loss ; we establish an excess risk bound of o ( h r_n ^ 2 + r_n \ sqrt { h l *}) for empirical risk minimization with an h - smooth loss function and a hypothesis class with rademacher complexity r_n , where l * is the best risk achievable by the hypothesis class . for typical hypothesis classes where r_n = \ sqrt { r / n }, this translates to a learning rate of o ( rh / n ) in the separable ( l *= 0 ) case and o ( rh / n + \ sqrt { l ^* rh / n }) more generally . we also provide similar guarantees for ←
→ classification of mri data using deep learning and gaussian process - based model selection ; the classification of mri images according to the anatomical field of view is a necessary task to solve when faced with the increasing quantity of medical images . in parallel , advances in deep learning makes it a suitable tool for computer vision problems . using a common architecture ( such as alexnet ) provides quite good results , but not sufficient for clinical use . improving the model is not an easy task , due to t ←
→ the ilium forward modelling algorithm for multivariate parameter estimation and its application to derive stellar parameters from gaia spectrophotometry ; i introduce an algorithm for estimating parameters from multidimensional data based on forward modelling . in contrast to many machine learning approaches it avoids fitting an inverse model and the problems associated with this . the algorithm makes explicit use of the sensitivities of the data to the parameters , with the goal of better treating paramet ←
→ view - invariant recognition of action style self - dissimilarity ; self - similarity was recently introduced as a measure of inter - class congruence for classification of actions . herein , we investigate the dual problem of intra - class dissimilarity for classification of action styles . we introduce self - dissimilarity matrices that discriminate between same actions performed by different subjects regardless of viewing direction and camera parameters . we investigate two frameworks using these invariant style dissimi ←
→ group re - identification via unsupervised transfer of sparse features encoding ; person re - identification is best known as the problem of associating a single person that is observed from one or more disjoint cameras . the existing literature has mainly addressed such an issue , neglecting the fact that people usually move in groups , like in crowded scenarios . we believe that the additional information carried by neighboring individuals provides a relevant visual context that can be exploited to obtain a mor ←
→ initialization of self - organizing maps : principal components versus random initialization . a case study ; the performance of the self - organizing map ( som ) algorithm is dependent on the initial weights of the map . the different initialization methods can broadly be classified into random and data analysis based initialization approach . in this paper , the performance of random initialization ( ri ) approach is compared to that of principal component initialization ( pci ) in which the initial map weights are ch ←
→ pose - based deep gait recognition ; human gait or walking manner is a biometric feature that allows identification of a person when other biometric features such as the face or iris are not visible . in this paper , we present a new pose - based convolutional neural network model for gait recognition . unlike many methods that consider the full - height silhouette of a moving person , we consider the motion of points in the areas around human joints . to extract motion information , we estimate the optical flow betwee ←
→ an information geometric framework for dimensionality reduction ; this report concerns the problem of dimensionality reduction through information geometric methods on statistical manifolds . while there has been considerable work recently presented regarding dimensionality reduction for the purposes of learning tasks such as classification , clustering , and visualization , these methods have focused primarily on riemannian manifolds in euclidean space . while sufficient for many applications , there are many hi ←
→ extraction of protein sequence motif information using pso k - means ; the main objective of the paper is to find the motif information . the functionalities of the proteins are ideally found from their motif information which is extracted using various techniques like clustering with k - means , hybrid k - means , self - organising maps , etc ., in the literature . in this work protein sequence information is extracted using optimised k - means algorithm . the particle swarm optimisation technique is one of the frequently u ←
→ cmcgan : a uniform framework for cross - modal visual - audio mutual generation ; visual and audio modalities are two symbiotic modalities underlying videos , which contain both common and complementary information . if they can be mined and fused sufficiently , performances of related video tasks can be significantly enhanced . however , due to the environmental interference or sensor fault , sometimes , only one modality exists while the other is abandoned or missing . by recovering the missing modality from the exi ←
→ best - buddies tracking ; best - buddies tracking ( bbt ) applies the best - buddies similarity measure ( bbs ) to the problem of model - free online tracking . bbs was introduced as a similarity measure between two point sets and was shown to be very effective for template matching . originally , bbs was designed to work with point sets of equal size , and we propose a modification that lets it handle point sets of different size . the modified bbs is better suited to handle scale changes in the template size , as well as s ←
→ formalization of psychological knowledge in answer set programming and its application ; in this paper we explore the use of answer set programming ( asp ) to formalize , and reason about , psychological knowledge . in the field of psychology , a considerable amount of knowledge is still expressed using only natural language . this lack of a formalization complicates accurate studies , comparisons , and verification of theories . we believe that asp , a knowledge representation formalism allowing for concise and sim ←
→ context - aware mixed reality : a framework for ubiquitous interaction ; mixed reality ( mr ) is a powerful interactive technology that yields new types of user experience . we present a semantic based interactive mr framework that exceeds the current geometry level approaches , a step change in generating high - level context - aware interactions . our key insight is to build semantic understanding in mr that not only can greatly enhance user experience through object - specific behaviours , but also pave the way for sol ←
→ genetic algorithms for multimodal optimization : a review ; in this article we provide a comprehensive review of the different evolutionary algorithm techniques used to address multimodal optimization problems , classifying them according to the nature of their approach . on the one hand there are algorithms that address the issue of the early convergence to a local optimum by differentiating the individuals of the population into groups and limiting their interaction , hence having each group evolve with a hig ←
→ wasserstein gan ; we introduce a new algorithm named wgan , an alternative to traditional gan training . in this new model , we show that we can improve the stability of learning , get rid of problems like mode collapse , and provide meaningful learning curves useful for debugging and hyperparameter searches . furthermore , we show that the corresponding optimization problem is sound , and provide extensive theoretical work highlighting the deep connections to other distances between distributions .←
→ amidst : a java toolbox for scalable probabilistic machine learning ; the amidst toolbox is a software for scalable probabilistic machine learning with a spe - cial focus on ( massive ) streaming data . the toolbox supports a flexible modeling language based on probabilistic graphical models with latent variables and temporal dependencies . the specified models can be learnt from large data sets using parallel or distributed implementa - tions of bayesian learning algorithms for either streaming or batch data . the ←
→ looking at outfit to parse clothing ; this paper extends fully - convolutional neural networks ( fcn ) for the clothing parsing problem . clothing parsing requires higher - level knowledge on clothing semantics and contextual cues to disambiguate fine - grained categories . we extend fcn architecture with a side - branch network which we refer outfit encoder to predict a consistent set of clothing labels to encourage combinatorial preference , and with conditional random field ( crf ) to explicitly consider coherent label ←
→ negative binomial process count and mixture modeling ; the seemingly disjoint problems of count and mixture modeling are united under the negative binomial ( nb ) process . a gamma process is employed to model the rate measure of a poisson process , whose normalization provides a random probability measure for mixture modeling and whose marginalization leads to an nb process for count modeling . a draw from the nb process consists of a poisson distributed finite number of distinct atoms , each of which is associa ←
→ bipolar weighted argumentation graphs ; this paper discusses the semantics of weighted argumentation graphs that are biplor , i . e . contain both attacks and support graphs . the work builds on previous work by amgoud , ben - naim et . al ., which presents and compares several semantics for argumentation graphs that contain only supports or only attacks relationships , respectively .←
→ a big data analysis framework using apache spark and deep learning ; with the spreading prevalence of big data , many advances have recently been made in this field . frameworks such as apache hadoop and apache spark have gained a lot of traction over the past decades and have become massively popular , especially in industries . it is becoming increasingly evident that effective big data analysis is key to solving artificial intelligence problems . thus , a multi - algorithm library was implemented in the spark fr ←
→ 2006 : celebrating 75 years of ai - history and outlook : the next 25 years ; when kurt goedel layed the foundations of theoretical computer science in 1931 , he also introduced essential concepts of the theory of artificial intelligence ( ai ). although much of subsequent ai research has focused on heuristics , which still play a major role in many practical ai applications , in the new millennium ai theory has finally become a full - fledged formal science , with important optimality results for embodied agents l ←
→ one - class classifiers based on entropic spanning graphs ; one - class classifiers offer valuable tools to assess the presence of outliers in data . in this paper , we propose a design methodology for one - class classifiers based on entropic spanning graphs . our approach takes into account the possibility to process also non - numeric data by means of an embedding procedure . the spanning graph is learned on the embedded input data and the outcoming partition of vertices defines the classifier . the final partition i ←
→ interpolation theorems for nonmonotonic reasoning systems ; craig ' s interpolation theorem ( craig 1957 ) is an important theorem known for propositional logic and first - order logic . it says that if a logical formula $\ beta $ logically follows from a formula $\ alpha $, then there is a formula $\ gamma $, including only symbols that appear in both $\ alpha ,\ beta $, such that $\ beta $ logically follows from $\ gamma $ and $\ gamma $ logically follows from $\ alpha $. such theorems are important and useful for understanding t ←
→ deep rotation equivariant network ; recently , learning equivariant representations has attracted considerable research attention . dieleman et al . introduce four operations which can be inserted into convolutional neural network to learn deep representations equivariant to rotation . however , feature maps should be copied and rotated four times in each layer in their approach , which causes much running time and memory overhead . in order to address this problem , we propose deep rotation equivariant network con ←
→ identification of dynamic functional brain network states through tensor decomposition ; with the advances in high resolution neuroimaging , there has been a growing interest in the detection of functional brain connectivity . complex network theory has been proposed as an attractive mathematical representation of functional brain networks . however , most of the current studies of functional brain networks have focused on the computation of graph theoretic indices for static networks , i . e . long - time averages ←
→ locally adaptive learning loss for semantic image segmentation ; we propose a novel locally adaptive learning estimator for enhancing the inter - and intra - discriminative capabilities of deep neural networks , which can be used as improved loss layer for semantic image segmentation tasks . most loss layers compute pixel - wise cost between feature maps and ground truths , ignoring spatial layouts and interactions between neighboring pixels with same object category , and thus networks cannot be effectively sensit ←
→ on the unreported - profile - is - negative assumption for predictive cheminformatics ; in cheminformatics , compound - target binding profiles has been a main source of data for research . for data repositories that only provide positive profiles , a popular assumption is that unreported profiles are all negative . in this paper , we caution audience not to take this assumption for granted , and present empirical evidence of its ineffectiveness from a machine learning perspective . our examination is based on a setting ←
→ what looks good with my sofa : multimodal search engine for interior design ; in this paper , we propose a multi - modal search engine for interior design that combines visual and textual queries . the goal of our engine is to retrieve interior objects , e . g . furniture or wall clocks , that share visual and aesthetic similarities with the query . our search engine allows the user to take a photo of a room and retrieve with a high recall a list of items identical or visually similar to those present in the photo . ←
→ graph sampling with determinantal processes ; we present a new random sampling strategy for k - bandlimited signals defined on graphs , based on determinantal point processes ( dpp ). for small graphs , ie , in cases where the spectrum of the graph is accessible , we exhibit a dpp sampling scheme that enables perfect recovery of bandlimited signals . for large graphs , ie , in cases where the graph ' s spectrum is not accessible , we investigate , both theoretically and empirically , a sub - optimal but much faster dpp based ←
→ in - datacenter performance analysis of a tensor processing unit ; many architects believe that major improvements in cost - energy - performance must now come from domain - specific hardware . this paper evaluates a custom asic --- called a tensor processing unit ( tpu )--- deployed in datacenters since 2015 that accelerates the inference phase of neural networks ( nn ). the heart of the tpu is a 65 , 536 8 - bit mac matrix multiply unit that offers a peak throughput of 92 teraops / second ( tops ) and a large ( 28 mib ) software - m ←
→ image segmentation by optimal and hierarchical piecewise constant approximations ; piecewise constant image approximations of sequential number of segments or clusters of disconnected pixels are treated . the method of majorizing of optimal approximation sequence by hierarchical sequence of image approximations is proposed . a generalization for multidimensional case of color and multispectral images is foreseen .←
→ totally corrective multiclass boosting with binary weak learners ; in this work , we propose a new optimization framework for multiclass boosting learning . in the literature , adaboost . mo and adaboost . ecc are the two successful multiclass boosting algorithms , which can use binary weak learners . we explicitly derive these two algorithms ' lagrange dual problems based on their regularized loss functions . we show that the lagrange dual formulations enable us to design totally - corrective multiclass algorithms by u ←
→ lium machine translation systems for wmt17 news translation task ; this paper describes lium submissions to wmt17 news translation task for english - german , english - turkish , english - czech and english - latvian language pairs . we train bpe - based attentive neural machine translation systems with and without factored outputs using the open source nmtpy framework . competitive scores were obtained by ensembling various systems and exploiting the availability of target monolingual corpora for back - translation . the i ←
→ convolutional neural networks for sentiment classification on business reviews ; recently convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) models have proven remarkable results for text classification and sentiment analysis . in this paper , we present our approach on the task of classifying business reviews using word embeddings on a large - scale dataset provided by yelp : yelp 2017 challenge dataset . we compare word - based cnn using several pre - trained word embeddings and end - to - end vector representations for text revie ←
→ sentence based semantic similarity measure for blog - posts ; blogs - online digital diary like application on web 2 . 0 has opened new and easy way to voice opinion , thoughts , and like - dislike of every internet user to the world . blogosphere has no doubt the largest user - generated content repository full of knowledge . the potential of this knowledge is still to be explored . knowledge discovery from this new genre is quite difficult and challenging as it is totally different from other popular genre of web - applic ←
→ deep mixtures of factor analysers ; an efficient way to learn deep density models that have many layers of latent variables is to learn one layer at a time using a model that has only one layer of latent variables . after learning each layer , samples from the posterior distributions for that layer are used as training data for learning the next layer . this approach is commonly used with restricted boltzmann machines , which are undirected graphical models with a single hidden layer , but it can also be used wi ←
→ svd - ebp algorithm for iris pattern recognition ; this paper proposes a neural network approach based on error back propagation ( ebp ) for classification of different eye images . to reduce the complexity of layered neural network the dimensions of input vectors are optimized using singular value decomposition ( svd ). the main of this work is to provide for best method for feature extraction and classification . the details of this combined system named as svd - ebp system , and results thereof are presented in thi ←
→ a hierarchical situation calculus ; a situation calculus is presented that provides a solution to the frame problem for hierarchical situations , that is , situations that have a modular structure in which parts of the situation behave in a relatively independent manner . this situation calculus is given in a relational , functional , and modal logic form . each form permits both a single level hierarchy or a multiple level hierarchy , giving six versions of the formalism in all , and a number of sub - versions of th ←
→ minimax analysis of active learning ; this work establishes distribution - free upper and lower bounds on the minimax label complexity of active learning with general hypothesis classes , under various noise models . the results reveal a number of surprising facts . in particular , under the noise model of tsybakov ( 2004 ), the minimax label complexity of active learning with a vc class is always asymptotically smaller than that of passive learning , and is typically significantly smaller than the best previously - p ←
→ acquiring correct knowledge for natural language generation ; natural language generation ( nlg ) systems are computer software systems that produce texts in english and other human languages , often from non - linguistic input data . nlg systems , like most ai systems , need substantial amounts of knowledge . however , our experience in two nlg projects suggests that it is difficult to acquire correct knowledge for nlg systems ; indeed , every knowledge acquisition ( ka ) technique we tried had significant problems . in ←
→ conditional image generation with pixelcnn decoders ; this work explores conditional image generation with a new image density model based on the pixelcnn architecture . the model can be conditioned on any vector , including descriptive labels or tags , or latent embeddings created by other networks . when conditioned on class labels from the imagenet database , the model is able to generate diverse , realistic scenes representing distinct animals , objects , landscapes and structures . when conditioned on an embedd ←
→ accounting for hidden common causes when inferring cause and effect from observational data ; identifying causal relationships from observation data is difficult , in large part , due to the presence of hidden common causes . in some cases , where just the right patterns of conditional independence and dependence lie in the data --- for example , y - structures --- it is possible to identify cause and effect . in other cases , the analyst deliberately makes an uncertain assumption that hidden common causes are absent ,←
→ mimatrix : a massively distributed deep learning framework on a petascale high - density heterogeneous cluster ; in this paper , we present a co - designed petascale high - density gpu cluster to expedite distributed deep learning training with synchronous stochastic gradient descent ~( ssgd ). this architecture of our heterogeneous cluster is inspired by harvard architecture . regarding to different roles in the system , nodes are configured as different specifications . based on the topology of the whole system ' s net ←
→ hierarchical recurrent neural encoder for video representation with application to captioning ; recently , deep learning approach , especially deep convolutional neural networks ( convnets ), have achieved overwhelming accuracy with fast processing speed for image classification . incorporating temporal structure with deep convnets for video representation becomes a fundamental problem for video content analysis . in this paper , we propose a new approach , namely hierarchical recurrent neural encoder ( hrne ), to ←
→ a multi - perspective approach to anomaly detection for self - aware embodied agents ; this paper focuses on multi - sensor anomaly detection for moving cognitive agents using both external and private first - person visual observations . both observation types are used to characterize agents ' motion in a given environment . the proposed method generates locally uniform motion models by dividing a gaussian process that approximates agents ' displacements on the scene and provides a shared level ( sl ) self - awareness b ←
→ boltzmann machine learning with the latent maximum entropy principle ; we present a new statistical learning paradigm for boltzmann machines based on a new inference principle we have proposed : the latent maximum entropy principle ( lme ). lme is different both from jaynes maximum entropy principle and from standard maximum likelihood estimation . we demonstrate the lme principle by deriving new algorithms for boltzmann machine parameter estimation , and show how robust and fast new variant of the em algorithm c ←
→ svm and elm : who wins ? object recognition with deep convolutional features from imagenet ; deep learning with a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) has been proved to be very effective in feature extraction and representation of images . for image classification problems , this work aim at finding which classifier is more competitive based on high - level deep features of images . in this report , we have discussed the nearest neighbor , support vector machines and extreme learning machines for image classificati ←
→ deepkspd : learning kernel - matrix - based spd representation for fine - grained image recognition ; being symmetric positive - definite ( spd ), covariance matrix has traditionally been used to represent a set of local descriptors in visual recognition . recent study shows that kernel matrix can give considerably better representation by modelling the nonlinearity in the local descriptor set . nevertheless , neither the descriptors nor the kernel matrix is deeply learned . worse , they are considered separately , hinder ←
→ automatic detection of online jihadist hate speech ; we have developed a system that automatically detects online jihadist hate speech with over 80 % accuracy , by using techniques from natural language processing and machine learning . the system is trained on a corpus of 45 , 000 subversive twitter messages collected from october 2014 to december 2016 . we present a qualitative and quantitative analysis of the jihadist rhetoric in the corpus , examine the network of twitter users , outline the technical procedure ←
→ online optimization of smoothed piecewise constant functions ; we study online optimization of smoothed piecewise constant functions over the domain [ 0 , 1 ). this is motivated by the problem of adaptively picking parameters of learning algorithms as in the recently introduced framework by gupta and roughgarden ( 2016 ). majority of the machine learning literature has focused on lipschitz - continuous functions or functions with bounded gradients . 1 this is with good reason --- any learning algorithm suffers linear ←
→ pivo : probabilistic inertial - visual odometry for occlusion - robust navigation ; this paper presents a novel method for visual - inertial odometry . the method is based on an information fusion framework employing low - cost imu sensors and the monocular camera in a standard smartphone . we formulate a sequential inference scheme , where the imu drives the dynamical model and the camera frames are used in coupling trailing sequences of augmented poses . the novelty in the model is in taking into account all the cro ←
→ sparse representation - based image quality assessment ; a successful approach to image quality assessment involves comparing the structural information between a distorted and its reference image . however , extracting structural information that is perceptually important to our visual system is a challenging task . this paper addresses this issue by employing a sparse representation - based approach and proposes a new metric called the \ emph { sparse representation - based quality } ( sparq ) \ emph { index }. the proposed ←
→ differentially private dropout ; large data collections required for the training of neural networks often contain sensitive information such as the medical histories of patients , and the privacy of the training data must be preserved . in this paper , we introduce a dropout technique that provides an elegant bayesian interpretation to dropout , and show that the intrinsic noise added , with the primary goal of regularization , can be exploited to obtain a degree of differential privacy . the iterative nature of ←
→ ridiculously fast shot boundary detection with fully convolutional neural networks ; shot boundary detection ( sbd ) is an important component of many video analysis tasks , such as action recognition , video indexing , summarization and editing . previous work typically used a combination of low - level features like color histograms , in conjunction with simple models such as svms . instead , we propose to learn shot detection end - to - end , from pixels to final shot boundaries . for training such a model , we rely on ←
→ ridesourcing car detection by transfer learning ; ridesourcing platforms like uber and didi are getting more and more popular around the world . however , unauthorized ridesourcing activities taking advantages of the sharing economy can greatly impair the healthy development of this emerging industry . as the first step to regulate on - demand ride services and eliminate black market , we design a method to detect ridesourcing cars from a pool of cars based on their trajectories . since licensed ridesourcing car t ←
→ a study on the effectiveness of different patch size and shape for eyes and mouth detection ; template matching is one of the simplest methods used for eyes and mouth detection . however , it can be modified and extended to become a powerful tool . since the patch itself plays a significant role in optimizing detection performance , a study on the influence of patch size and shape is carried out . the optimum patch size and shape is determined using the proposed method . usually , template matching is also combi ←
→ robust temporally coherent laplacian protrusion segmentation of 3d articulated bodies ; in motion analysis and understanding it is important to be able to fit a suitable model or structure to the temporal series of observed data , in order to describe motion patterns in a compact way , and to discriminate between them . in an unsupervised context , i . e ., no prior model of the moving object ( s ) is available , such a structure has to be learned from the data in a bottom - up fashion . in recent times , volumetric app ←
→ nearest descent , in - tree , and clustering ; in this paper , we propose a physically inspired graph - theoretical clustering method , which first makes the data points organized into an attractive graph , called in - tree , via a physically inspired rule , called nearest descent ( nd ). in particular , the rule of nd works to select the nearest node in the descending direction of potential as the parent node of each node , which is in essence different from the classical gradient descent or steepest descent . the construct ←
→ ansac : adaptive non - minimal sample and consensus ; while ransac - based methods are robust to incorrect image correspondences ( outliers ), their hypothesis generators are not robust to correct image correspondences ( inliers ) with positional error ( noise ). this slows down their convergence because hypotheses drawn from a minimal set of noisy inliers can deviate significantly from the optimal model . this work addresses this problem by introducing ansac , a ransac - based estimator that accounts for noise by adaptiv ←
→ cross - situational and supervised learning in the emergence of communication ; scenarios for the emergence or bootstrap of a lexicon involve the repeated interaction between at least two agents who must reach a consensus on how to name n objects using h words . here we consider minimal models of two types of learning algorithms : cross - situational learning , in which the individuals determine the meaning of a word by looking for something in common across all observed uses of that word , and supervised operant ←
→ do deep neural networks suffer from crowding ? ; crowding is a visual effect suffered by humans , in which an object that can be recognized in isolation can no longer be recognized when other objects , called flankers , are placed close to it . in this work , we study the effect of crowding in artificial deep neural networks for object recognition . we analyze both standard deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) as well as a new version of dcnns which is 1 ) multi - scale and 2 ) with size of the convolution filte ←
→ deepfool : a simple and accurate method to fool deep neural networks ; state - of - the - art deep neural networks have achieved impressive results on many image classification tasks . however , these same architectures have been shown to be unstable to small , well sought , perturbations of the images . despite the importance of this phenomenon , no effective methods have been proposed to accurately compute the robustness of state - of - the - art deep classifiers to such perturbations on large - scale datasets . in this paper ,←
→ bandit learning with positive externalities ; many platforms are characterized by the fact that future user arrivals are likely to have preferences similar to users who were satisfied in the past . in other words , arrivals exhibit {\ em positive externalities }. we study multiarmed bandit ( mab ) problems with positive externalities . our model has a finite number of arms and users are distinguished by the arm ( s ) they prefer . we model positive externalities by assuming that the preferred arms of future arrivals a ←
→ local network community detection with continuous optimization of conductance and weighted kernel k - means ; local network community detection is the task of finding a single community of nodes concentrated around few given seed nodes in a localized way . conductance is a popular objective function used in many algorithms for local community detection . this paper studies a continuous relaxation of conductance . we show that continuous optimization of this objective still leads to discrete communities . we inv ←
→ using titles vs . full - text as source for automated semantic document annotation ; a significant part of the largest knowledge graph today , the linked open data cloud , consists of metadata about documents such as publications , news reports , and other media articles . while the widespread access to the document metadata is a tremendous advancement , it is yet not so easy to assign semantic annotations and organize the documents along semantic concepts . providing semantic annotations like concepts in skos thes ←
→ efficient online minimization for low - rank subspace clustering ; low - rank representation ~( lrr ) has been a significant method for segmenting data that are generated from a union of subspaces . it is , however , known that solving the lrr program is challenging in terms of time complexity and memory footprint , in that the size of the nuclear norm regularized matrix is $ n $- by -$ n $ ( where $ n $ is the number of samples ). in this paper , we thereby develop a fast online implementation of lrr that reduces the memory cos ←
→ flowing convnets for human pose estimation in videos ; the objective of this work is human pose estimation in videos , where multiple frames are available . we investigate a convnet architecture that is able to benefit from temporal context by combining information across the multiple frames using optical flow . to this end we propose a network architecture with the following novelties : ( i ) a deeper network than previously investigated for regressing heatmaps ; ( ii ) spatial fusion layers that learn an implici ←
→ selling to a no - regret buyer ; we consider the problem of a single seller repeatedly selling a single item to a single buyer ( specifically , the buyer has a value drawn fresh from known distribution $ d $ in every round ). prior work assumes that the buyer is fully rational and will perfectly reason about how their bids today affect the seller ' s decisions tomorrow . in this work we initiate a different direction : the buyer simply runs a no - regret learning algorithm over possible bids . we provide a fairly complet ←
→ perception of motion and architectural form : computational relationships between optical flow and perspective ; perceptual geometry refers to the interdisciplinary research whose objectives focuses on study of geometry from the perspective of visual perception , and in turn , applies such geometric findings to the ecological study of vision . perceptual geometry attempts to answer fundamental questions in perception of form and representation of space through synthesis of cognitive and biological theories of ←
→ the sample - complexity of general reinforcement learning ; we present a new algorithm for general reinforcement learning where the true environment is known to belong to a finite class of n arbitrary models . the algorithm is shown to be near - optimal for all but o ( n log ^ 2 n ) time - steps with high probability . infinite classes are also considered where we show that compactness is a key criterion for determining the existence of uniform sample - complexity bounds . a matching lower bound is given for the finite cas ←
→ neuro - fuzzy algorithmic ( nfa ) models and tools for estimation ; accurate estimation such as cost estimation , quality estimation and risk analysis is a major issue in management . we propose a patent pending soft computing framework to tackle this challenging problem . our generic framework is independent of the nature and type of estimation . it consists of neural network , fuzzy logic , and an algorithmic estimation model . we made use of the constructive cost model ( cocomo ), analysis of variance ( anova ), and fu ←
→ hashing on nonlinear manifolds ; learning based hashing methods have attracted considerable attention due to their ability to greatly increase the scale at which existing algorithms may operate . most of these methods are designed to generate binary codes preserving the euclidean similarity in the original space . manifold learning techniques , in contrast , are better able to model the intrinsic structure embedded in the original high - dimensional data . the complexities of these models , and the problems with ou ←
→ tightening fractional covering upper bounds on the partition function for high - order region graphs ; in this paper we present a new approach for tightening upper bounds on the partition function . our upper bounds are based on fractional covering bounds on the entropy function , and result in a concave program to compute these bounds and a convex program to tighten them . to solve these programs effectively for general region graphs we utilize the entropy barrier method , thus decomposing the original program ←
→ radnet : radiologist level accuracy using deep learning for hemorrhage detection in ct scans ; we describe a deep learning approach for automated brain hemorrhage detection from computed tomography ( ct ) scans . our model emulates the procedure followed by radiologists to analyse a 3d ct scan in real - world . similar to radiologists , the model sifts through 2d cross - sectional slices while paying close attention to potential hemorrhagic regions . further , the model utilizes 3d context from neighboring slices to ←
→ multi - label classifier chains for bird sound ; bird sound data collected with unattended microphones for automatic surveys , or mobile devices for citizen science , typically contain multiple simultaneously vocalizing birds of different species . however , few works have considered the multi - label structure in birdsong . we propose to use an ensemble of classifier chains combined with a histogram - of - segments representation for multi - label classification of birdsong . the proposed method is compared with binary re ←
→ design of a novel convex hull based feature set for recognition of isolated handwritten roman numerals ; in this paper , convex hull based features are used for recognition of isolated roman numerals using a multi layer perceptron ( mlp ) based classifier . experiments of convex hull based features for handwritten character recognition are few in numbers . convex hull of a pattern and the centroid of the convex hull both are affine invariant attributes . in this work , 25 features are extracted based on differen ←
→ neural lattice language models ; in this work , we propose a new language modeling paradigm that has the ability to perform both prediction and moderation of information flow at multiple granularities : neural lattice language models . these models construct a lattice of possible paths through a sentence and marginalize across this lattice to calculate sequence probabilities or optimize parameters . this approach allows us to seamlessly incorporate linguistic intuitions - including polysemy and existence of mul ←
→ risk estimation without using stein ' s lemma -- application to image denoising ; we address the problem of image denoising in additive white noise without placing restrictive assumptions on its statistical distribution . in the recent literature , specific noise distributions have been considered and correspondingly , optimal denoising techniques have been developed . one of the successful approaches for denoising relies on the notion of unbiased risk estimation , which enables one to obtain a useful substitute ←
→ context - aware sequential recommendation ; since sequential information plays an important role in modeling user behaviors , various sequential recommendation methods have been proposed . methods based on markov assumption are widely - used , but independently combine several most recent components . recently , recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) based methods have been successfully applied in several sequential modeling tasks . however , for real - world applications , these methods have difficulty in modeling the contextu ←
→ janus : automatic ontology builder from xsd files ; the construction of a reference ontology for a large domain still remains an hard human task . the process is sometimes assisted by software tools that facilitate the information extraction from a textual corpus . despite of the great use of xml schema files on the internet and especially in the b2b domain , tools that offer a complete semantic analysis of xml schemas are really rare . in this paper we introduce janus , a tool for automatically building a refere ←
→ multi - target particle filtering for the probability hypothesis density ; when tracking a large number of targets , it is often computationally expensive to represent the full joint distribution over target states . in cases where the targets move independently , each target can instead be tracked with a separate filter . however , this leads to a model - data association problem . another approach to solve the problem with computational complexity is to track only the first moment of the joint distribution , the pro ←
→ exploring text virality in social networks ; this paper aims to shed some light on the concept of virality - especially in social networks - and to provide new insights on its structure . we argue that : ( a ) virality is a phenomenon strictly connected to the nature of the content being spread , rather than to the influencers who spread it , ( b ) virality is a phenomenon with many facets , i . e . under this generic term several different effects of persuasive communication are comprised and they only partially overl ←
→ continuous time bayesian networks ; in this paper we present a language for finite state continuous time bayesian networks ( ctbns ), which describe structured stochastic processes that evolve over continuous time . the state of the system is decomposed into a set of local variables whose values change over time . the dynamics of the system are described by specifying the behavior of each local variable as a function of its parents in a directed ( possibly cyclic ) graph . the model specifies , at any given point i ←
→ integrating semi - supervised label propagation and random forests for multi - atlas based hippocampus segmentation ; a novel multi - atlas based image segmentation method is proposed by integrating a semi - supervised label propagation method and a supervised random forests method in a pattern recognition based label fusion framework . the semi - supervised label propagation method takes into consideration local and global image appearance of images to be segmented and segments the images by propagating reliable se ←
→ combining a probabilistic sampling technique and simple heuristics to solve the dynamic path planning problem ; probabilistic sampling methods have become very popular to solve single - shot path planning problems . rapidly - exploring random trees ( rrts ) in particular have been shown to be very efficient in solving high dimensional problems . even though several rrt variants have been proposed to tackle the dynamic replanning problem , these methods only perform well in environments with infrequent changes . thi ←
→ solving multistage influence diagrams using branch - and - bound search ; a branch - and - bound approach to solving influ - ence diagrams has been previously proposed in the literature , but appears to have never been implemented and evaluated - apparently due to the difficulties of computing effective bounds for the branch - and - bound search . in this paper , we describe how to efficiently compute effective bounds , and we develop a practical implementa - tion of depth - first branch - and - bound search for influence diagram ←
→ a random finite set model for data clustering ; the goal of data clustering is to partition data points into groups to minimize a given objective function . while most existing clustering algorithms treat each data point as vector , in many applications each datum is not a vector but a point pattern or a set of points . moreover , many existing clustering methods require the user to specify the number of clusters , which is not available in advance . this paper proposes a new class of models for data clustering t ←
→ nonparametric variational inference ; variational methods are widely used for approximate posterior inference . however , their use is typically limited to families of distributions that enjoy particular conjugacy properties . to circumvent this limitation , we propose a family of variational approximations inspired by nonparametric kernel density estimation . the locations of these kernels and their bandwidth are treated as variational parameters and optimized to improve an approximate lower bound on the margin ←
→ gmm - free flat start sequence - discriminative dnn training ; recently , attempts have been made to remove gaussian mixture models ( gmm ) from the training process of deep neural network - based hidden markov models ( hmm / dnn ). for the gmm - free training of a hmm / dnn hybrid we have to solve two problems , namely the initial alignment of the frame - level state labels and the creation of context - dependent states . although flat - start training via iteratively realigning and retraining the dnn using a frame - level error fun ←
→ a logical interpretation of dempster - shafer theory , with application to visual recognition ; we formulate dempster shafer belief functions in terms of propositional logic using the implicit notion of provability underlying dempster shafer theory . given a set of propositional clauses , assigning weights to certain propositional literals enables the belief functions to be explicitly computed using network reliability techniques . also , the logical procedure corresponding to updating belief functions using dem ←
→ linear - time algorithm in bayesian image denoising based on gaussian markov random field ; in this paper , we consider bayesian image denoising based on a gaussian markov random field ( gmrf ) model , for which we propose an new algorithm . our method can solve bayesian image denoising problems , including hyperparameter estimation , in $ o ( n )$- time , where $ n $ is the number of pixels in a given image . from the perspective of the order of the computational time , this is a state - of - the - art algorithm for the present ←
→ a new algorithm for maximum likelihood estimation in gaussian graphical models for marginal independence ; graphical models with bi - directed edges (<->) represent marginal independence : the absence of an edge between two vertices indicates that the corresponding variables are marginally independent . in this paper , we consider maximum likelihood estimation in the case of continuous variables with a gaussian joint distribution , sometimes termed a covariance graph model . we present a new fitting algorithm wh ←
→ an optimization problem on the sphere ; we prove existence and uniqueness of the minimizer for the average geodesic distance to the points of a geodesically convex set on the sphere . this implies a corresponding existence and uniqueness result for an optimal algorithm for halfspace learning , when data and target functions are drawn from the uniform distribution .←
→ a connection between generative adversarial networks , inverse reinforcement learning , and energy - based models ; generative adversarial networks ( gans ) are a recently proposed class of generative models in which a generator is trained to optimize a cost function that is being simultaneously learned by a discriminator . while the idea of learning cost functions is relatively new to the field of generative modeling , learning costs has long been studied in control and reinforcement learning ( rl ) domains , typic ←
→ microscopic pedestrian flow characteristics : development of an image processing data collection and simulation model ; microscopic pedestrian studies consider detailed interaction of pedestrians to control their movement in pedestrian traffic flow . the tools to collect the microscopic data and to analyze microscopic pedestrian flow are still very much in its infancy . the microscopic pedestrian flow characteristics need to be understood . manual , semi manual and automatic image processing data collection sy ←
→ a notation for markov decision processes ; this paper specifies a notation for markov decision processes .←
→ production system rules as protein complexes from genetic regulatory networks ; this short paper introduces a new way by which to design production system rules . an indirect encoding scheme is presented which views such rules as protein complexes produced by the temporal behaviour of an artificial genetic regulatory network . this initial study begins by using a simple boolean regulatory network to produce traditional ternary - encoded rules before moving to a fuzzy variant to produce real - valued rules . comp ←
→ deep linear discriminant analysis ; we introduce deep linear discriminant analysis ( deeplda ) which learns linearly separable latent representations in an end - to - end fashion . classic lda extracts features which preserve class separability and is used for dimensionality reduction for many classification problems . the central idea of this paper is to put lda on top of a deep neural network . this can be seen as a non - linear extension of classic lda . instead of maximizing the likelihood of target labels for indi ←
→ word affect intensities ; words often convey affect -- emotions , feelings , and attitudes . lexicons of word - affect association have applications in automatic emotion analysis and natural language generation . however , existing lexicons indicate only coarse categories of affect association . here , for the first time , we create an affect intensity lexicon with real - valued scores of association . we use a technique called best - worst scaling that improves annotation consistency and obtains reliable fine - grained sco ←
→ line : large - scale information network embedding ; this paper studies the problem of embedding very large information networks into low - dimensional vector spaces , which is useful in many tasks such as visualization , node classification , and link prediction . most existing graph embedding methods do not scale for real world information networks which usually contain millions of nodes . in this paper , we propose a novel network embedding method called the " line ," which is suitable for arbitrary types of informat ←
→ principles of solomonoff induction and aixi ; we identify principles characterizing solomonoff induction by demands on an agent ' s external behaviour . key concepts are rationality , computability , indifference and time consistency . furthermore , we discuss extensions to the full ai case to derive aixi .←
→ spatio - temporal aware non - negative component representation for action recognition ; this paper presents a novel mid - level representation for action recognition , named spatio - temporal aware non - negative component representation ( stanncr ). the proposed stanncr is based on action component and incorporates the spatial - temporal information . we first introduce a spatial - temporal distribution vector ( stdv ) to model the distributions of local feature locations in a compact and discriminative manner . then we emp ←
→ learning to look around : intelligently exploring unseen environments for unknown tasks ; it is common to implicitly assume access to intelligently captured inputs ( e . g ., photos from a human photographer ), yet autonomously capturing good observations is itself a major challenge . we address the problem of learning to look around : if a visual agent has the ability to voluntarily acquire new views to observe its environment , how can it learn efficient exploratory behaviors to acquire informative observations ?←
→ integrating topic models and latent factors for recommendation ; the research of personalized recommendation techniques today has mostly parted into two mainstream directions , i . e ., the factorization - based approaches and topic models . practically , they aim to benefit from the numerical ratings and textual reviews , correspondingly , which compose two major information sources in various real - world systems . however , although the two approaches are supposed to be correlated for their same goal of accurate recom ←
→ application of convolutional neural network to predict airfoil lift coefficient ; the adaptability of the convolutional neural network ( cnn ) technique for aerodynamic meta - modeling tasks is probed in this work . the primary objective is to develop suitable cnn architecture for variable flow conditions and object geometry , in addition to identifying a sufficient data preparation process . multiple cnn structures were trained to learn the lift coefficients of the airfoils with a variety of shapes in multiple ←
→ nonconvex sparse spectral clustering by alternating direction method of multipliers and its convergence analysis ; spectral clustering ( sc ) is a widely used data clustering method which first learns a low - dimensional embedding $ u $ of data by computing the eigenvectors of the normalized laplacian matrix , and then performs k - means on $ u ^\ top $ to get the final clustering result . the sparse spectral clustering ( ssc ) method extends sc with a sparse regularization on $ uu ^\ top $ by using the block diagonal struct ←
→ can machine generate traditional chinese poetry ? a feigenbaum test ; recent progress in neural learning demonstrated that machines can do well in regularized tasks , e . g ., the game of go . however , artistic activities such as poem generation are still widely regarded as human ' s special capability . in this paper , we demonstrate that a simple neural model can imitate human in some tasks of art generation . we particularly focus on traditional chinese poetry , and show that machines can do as well as many contempo ←
→ a novel term_class relevance measure for text categorization ; in this paper , we introduce a new measure called term_class relevance to compute the relevancy of a term in classifying a document into a particular class . the proposed measure estimates the degree of relevance of a given term , in placing an unlabeled document to be a member of a known class , as a product of class_term weight and class_term density ; where the class_term weight is the ratio of the number of documents of the class containing the t ←
→ a continuous - time approach to online optimization ; we consider a family of learning strategies for online optimization problems that evolve in continuous time and we show that they lead to no regret . from a more traditional , discrete - time viewpoint , this continuous - time approach allows us to derive the no - regret properties of a large class of discrete - time algorithms including as special cases the exponential weight algorithm , online mirror descent , smooth fictitious play and vanishingly smooth fictitious ←
→ neural network identification of people hidden from view with a single - pixel , single - photon detector ; light scattered from multiple surfaces can be used to retrieve information of hidden environments . however , full three - dimensional retrieval of an object hidden from view by a wall has only been achieved with scanning systems and requires intensive computational processing of the retrieved data . here we use a non - scanning , single - photon single - pixel detector in combination with an artificial neural netwo ←
→ multi - modal multi - scale deep learning for large - scale image annotation ; large - scale image annotation is a challenging task in image content analysis , which aims to annotate each image of a very large dataset with multiple class labels . in this paper , we focus on two main issues in large - scale image annotation : 1 ) how to learn stronger features for multifarious images ; 2 ) how to annotate an image with an automatically - determined number of class labels . to address the first issue , we propose a multi - modal mu ←
→ challenging images for minds and machines ; there is no denying the tremendous leap in the performance of machine learning methods in the past half - decade . some might even say that specific sub - fields in pattern recognition , such as machine - vision , are as good as solved , reaching human and super - human levels . arguably , lack of training data and computation power are all that stand between us and solving the remaining ones . in this position paper we underline cases in vision which are challenging to machines ←
→ computing of applied digital ecosystems ; a primary motivation for our research in digital ecosystems is the desire to exploit the self - organising properties of biological ecosystems . ecosystems are thought to be robust , scalable architectures that can automatically solve complex , dynamic problems . however , the computing technologies that contribute to these properties have not been made explicit in digital ecosystems research . here , we discuss how different computing technologies can contribute to providin ←
→ the influence of intensity standardization on medical image registration ; acquisition - to - acquisition signal intensity variations ( non - standardness ) are inherent in mr images . standardization is a post processing method for correcting inter - subject intensity variations through transforming all images from the given image gray scale into a standard gray scale wherein similar intensities achieve similar tissue meanings . the lack of a standard image intensity scale in mri leads to many difficulties in tissue c ←
→ reasoning with intervals on granules ; the formalizations of periods of time inside a linear model of time are usually based on the notion of intervals , that may contain or may not their endpoints . this is not enought when the periods are written in terms of coarse granularities with respect to the event taken into account . for instance , how to express the inter - war period in terms of a {\ em years } interval ? this paper presents a new type of intervals , neither open , nor closed or open - closed and the extensi ←
→ stacked generative adversarial networks ; in this paper , we propose a novel generative model named stacked generative adversarial networks ( sgan ), which is trained to invert the hierarchical representations of a bottom - up discriminative network . our model consists of a top - down stack of gans , each learned to generate lower - level representations conditioned on higher - level representations . a representation discriminator is introduced at each feature hierarchy to encourage the representation manifold of the g ←
→ learning discriminative alpha - beta - divergence for positive definite matrices ( extended version ) ; symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrices are useful for capturing second - order statistics of visual data . to compare two spd matrices , several measures are available , such as the affine - invariant riemannian metric , jeffreys divergence , jensen - bregman logdet divergence , etc .; however , their behaviors may be application dependent , raising the need of manual selection to achieve the best possible performance . ←
→ fine - grained product class recognition for assisted shopping ; assistive solutions for a better shopping experience can improve the quality of life of people , in particular also of visually impaired shoppers . we present a system that visually recognizes the fine - grained product classes of items on a shopping list , in shelves images taken with a smartphone in a grocery store . our system consists of three components : ( a ) we automatically recognize useful text on product packaging , e . g ., product name and brand ←
→ dropneuron : simplifying the structure of deep neural networks ; deep learning using multi - layer neural networks ( nns ) architecture manifests superb power in modern machine learning systems . the trained deep neural networks ( dnns ) are typically large . the question we would like to address is whether it is possible to simplify the nn during training process to achieve a reasonable performance within an acceptable computational time . we presented a novel approach of optimising a deep neural network through reg ←
→ two - way latent grouping model for user preference prediction ; we introduce a novel latent grouping model for predicting the relevance of a new document to a user . the model assumes a latent group structure for both users and documents . we compared the model against a state - of - the - art method , the user rating profile model , where only users have a latent group structure . we estimate both models by gibbs sampling . the new method predicts relevance more accurately for new documents that have few known ratings .←
→ the application of preconditioned alternating direction method of multipliers in depth from focal stack ; post capture refocusing effect in smartphone cameras is achievable by using focal stacks . however , the accuracy of this effect is totally dependent on the combination of the depth layers in the stack . the accuracy of the extended depth of field effect in this application can be improved significantly by computing an accurate depth map which has been an open issue for decades . to tackle this issue , in ←
→ learning to remove multipath distortions in time - of - flight range images for a robotic arm setup ; range images captured by time - of - flight ( tof ) cameras are corrupted with multipath distortions due to interaction between modulated light signals and scenes . the interaction is often complicated , which makes a model - based solution elusive . we propose a learning - based approach for removing the multipath distortions for a tof camera in a robotic arm setup . our approach is based on deep learning . we use the robo ←
→ anomaly detection with score functions based on nearest neighbor graphs ; we propose a novel non - parametric adaptive anomaly detection algorithm for high dimensional data based on score functions derived from nearest neighbor graphs on $ n $- point nominal data . anomalies are declared whenever the score of a test sample falls below $\ alpha $, which is supposed to be the desired false alarm level . the resulting anomaly detector is shown to be asymptotically optimal in that it is uniformly most powerful for the s ←
→ a machine - learning framework for design for manufacturability ; this is a duplicate submission ( original is arxiv : 1612 . 02141 ). hence want to withdraw it ←
→ bayesian assessment of a connectionist model for fault detection ; a previous paper [ 2 ] showed how to generate a linear discriminant network ( ldn ) that computes likely faults for a noisy fault detection problem by using a modification of the perceptron learning algorithm called the pocket algorithm . here we compare the performance of this connectionist model with performance of the optimal bayesian decision rule for the example that was previously described . we find that for this particular problem the conn ←
→ asymptotic accuracy of distribution - based estimation for latent variables ; hierarchical statistical models are widely employed in information science and data engineering . the models consist of two types of variables : observable variables that represent the given data and latent variables for the unobservable labels . an asymptotic analysis of the models plays an important role in evaluating the learning process ; the result of the analysis is applied not only to theoretical but also to practical situation ←
→ pareto - path multi - task multiple kernel learning ; a traditional and intuitively appealing multi - task multiple kernel learning ( mt - mkl ) method is to optimize the sum ( thus , the average ) of objective functions with ( partially ) shared kernel function , which allows information sharing amongst tasks . we point out that the obtained solution corresponds to a single point on the pareto front ( pf ) of a multi - objective optimization ( moo ) problem , which considers the concurrent optimization of all task objectives invo ←
→ who said what : modeling individual labelers improves classification ; data are often labeled by many different experts with each expert only labeling a small fraction of the data and each data point being labeled by several experts . this reduces the workload on individual experts and also gives a better estimate of the unobserved ground truth . when experts disagree , the standard approaches are to treat the majority opinion as the correct label or to model the correct label as a distribution . these approache ←
→ dimensionality reduction based on distance preservation to local mean ( dplm ) for spd matrices and its application in bci ; in this paper , we propose a nonlinear dimensionality reduction algorithm for the manifold of symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrices that considers the geometry of spd matrices and provides a low dimensional representation of the manifold with high class discrimination . the proposed algorithm , tries to preserve the local structure of the data by preserving distance to local mean ( d ←
→ invariants of multidimensional time series based on their iterated - integral signature ; we introduce a novel class of features for multidimensional time series , that are invariant with respect to transformations of the ambient space . the general linear group , the group of rotations and the group of permutations of the axes are considered . the starting point for their construction is chen ' s iterated - integral signature .←
→ generalized entropies and the similarity of texts ; we show how generalized gibbs - shannon entropies can provide new insights on the statistical properties of texts . the universal distribution of word frequencies ( zipf ' s law ) implies that the generalized entropies , computed at the word level , are dominated by words in a specific range of frequencies . here we show that this is the case not only for the generalized entropies but also for the generalized ( jensen - shannon ) divergences , used to compute the similar ←
→ type arithmetics : computation based on the theory of types ; the present paper shows meta - programming turn programming , which is rich enough to express arbitrary arithmetic computations . we demonstrate a type system that implements peano arithmetics , slightly generalized to negative numbers . certain types in this system denote numerals . arithmetic operations on such types - numerals - addition , subtraction , and even division - are expressed as type reduction rules executed by a compiler . a remarkable trait is ←
→ game of sketches : deep recurrent models of pictionary - style word guessing ; the ability of intelligent agents to play games in human - like fashion is popularly considered a benchmark of progress in artificial intelligence . similarly , performance on multi - disciplinary tasks such as visual question answering ( vqa ) is considered a marker for gauging progress in computer vision . in our work , we bring games and vqa together . specifically , we introduce the first computational model aimed at pictionary , the popul ←
→ sparse similarity - preserving hashing ; in recent years , a lot of attention has been devoted to efficient nearest neighbor search by means of similarity - preserving hashing . one of the plights of existing hashing techniques is the intrinsic trade - off between performance and computational complexity : while longer hash codes allow for lower false positive rates , it is very difficult to increase the embedding dimensionality without incurring in very high false negatives rates or prohibiting computational costs . ←
→ hybrid repeat / multi - point sampling for highly volatile objective functions ; a key drawback of the current generation of artificial decision - makers is that they do not adapt well to changes in unexpected situations . this paper addresses the situation in which an ai for aerial dog fighting , with tunable parameters that govern its behavior , will optimize behavior with respect to an objective function that must be evaluated and learned through simulations . once this objective function has been modeled , the a ←
→ bayesian properties of normalized maximum likelihood and its fast computation ; the normalized maximized likelihood ( nml ) provides the minimax regret solution in universal data compression , gambling , and prediction , and it plays an essential role in the minimum description length ( mdl ) method of statistical modeling and estimation . here we show that the normalized maximum likelihood has a bayes - like representation as a mixture of the component models , even in finite samples , though the weights of linear c ←
→ bayesian q - learning with assumed density filtering ; while off - policy temporal difference methods have been broadly used in reinforcement learning due to their efficiency and simple implementation , their bayesian counterparts have been relatively understudied . this is mainly because the max operator in the bellman optimality equation brings non - linearity and inconsistent distributions over value function . in this paper , we introduce a new bayesian approach to off - policy td methods using assumed density filt ←
→ discretization - free knowledge gradient methods for bayesian optimization ; this paper studies bayesian ranking and selection ( r & s ) problems with correlated prior beliefs and continuous domains , i . e . bayesian optimization ( bo ). knowledge gradient methods [ frazier et al ., 2008 , 2009 ] have been widely studied for discrete r & s problems , which sample the one - step bayes - optimal point . when used over continuous domains , previous work on the knowledge gradient [ scott et al ., 2011 , wu and frazier , 2016 , wu et al ., 2 ←
→ two - temperature logistic regression based on the tsallis divergence ; we develop a variant of multiclass logistic regression that achieves three properties : i ) we minimize a non - convex surrogate loss which makes the method robust to outliers , ii ) our method allows transitioning between non - convex and convex losses by the choice of the parameters , iii ) the surrogate loss is bayes consistent , even in the non - convex case . the algorithm has one weight vector per class and the surrogate loss is a function of the ←
→ advancing bayesian optimization : the mixed - global - local ( mgl ) kernel and length - scale cool down ; bayesian optimization ( bo ) has become a core method for solving expensive black - box optimization problems . while much research focussed on the choice of the acquisition function , we focus on online length - scale adaption and the choice of kernel function . instead of choosing hyperparameters in view of maximum likelihood on past data , we propose to use the acquisition function to decide on hyperparameter adapta ←
→ explorative data analysis for changes in neural activity ; neural recordings are nonstationary time series , i . e . their properties typically change over time . identifying specific changes , e . g . those induced by a learning task , can shed light on the underlying neural processes . however , such changes of interest are often masked by strong unrelated changes , which can be of physiological origin or due to measurement artifacts . we propose a novel algorithm for disentangling such different causes of non - stationa ←
→ towards synthesizing complex programs from input - output examples ; in recent years , deep learning techniques have been developed to improve the performance of program synthesis from input - output examples . albeit its significant progress , the programs that can be synthesized by state - of - the - art approaches are still simple in terms of their complexity . in this work , we move a significant step forward along this direction by proposing a new class of challenging tasks in the domain of program synthesis from inp ←
→ beyond context : exploring semantic similarity for tiny face detection ; tiny face detection aims to find faces with high degrees of variability in scale , resolution and occlusion in cluttered scenes . due to the very little information available on tiny faces , it is not sufficient to detect them merely based on the information presented inside the tiny bounding boxes or their context . in this paper , we propose to exploit the semantic similarity among all predicted targets in each image to boost current face ←
→ feature generation for robust semantic role labeling ; hand - engineered feature sets are a well understood method for creating robust nlp models , but they require a lot of expertise and effort to create . in this work we describe how to automatically generate rich feature sets from simple units called featlets , requiring less engineering . using information gain to guide the generation process , we train models which rival the state of the art on two standard semantic role labeling datasets with almost no task ←
→ robust high dimensional sparse regression and matching pursuit ; we consider high dimensional sparse regression , and develop strategies able to deal with arbitrary -- possibly , severe or coordinated -- errors in the covariance matrix $ x $. these may come from corrupted data , persistent experimental errors , or malicious respondents in surveys / recommender systems , etc . such non - stochastic error - in - variables problems are notoriously difficult to treat , and as we demonstrate , the problem is particularly pronounc ←
→ multi - view metric learning in vector - valued kernel spaces ; we consider the problem of metric learning for multi - view data and present a novel method for learning within - view as well as between - view metrics in vector - valued kernel spaces , as a way to capture multi - modal structure of the data . we formulate two convex optimization problems to jointly learn the metric and the classifier or regressor in kernel feature spaces . an iterative three - step multi - view metric learning algorithm is derived from the optim ←
→ leverage score sampling for faster accelerated regression and erm ; given a matrix $\ mathbf { a }\ in \ mathbb { r }^{ n \ times d }$ and a vector $ b \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ d }$, we show how to compute an $\ epsilon $- approximate solution to the regression problem $ \ min_ { x \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ d }}\ frac { 1 }{ 2 } \|\ mathbf { a } x - b \| _ { 2 }^{ 2 } $ in time $ \ tilde { o } (( n +\ sqrt { d \ cdot \ kappa_ {\ text { sum }}})\ cdot s \ cdot \ log \ epsilon ^{- 1 }) $ where $\ kappa_ {\ text { sum }}=\ mathrm { tr }\ left (\ mathbf { a }^{\ top }\ mathbf { a }\ right )/\ lambda_ {\ min }(\ mathbf { a }^{ t }\ ma ←
→ abc - cnn : an attention based convolutional neural network for visual question answering ; we propose a novel attention based deep learning architecture for visual question answering task ( vqa ). given an image and an image related natural language question , vqa generates the natural language answer for the question . generating the correct answers requires the model ' s attention to focus on the regions corresponding to the question , because different questions inquire about the attributes of different image r ←
→ image posterization using fuzzy logic and bilateral filter ; image posterization is converting images with a large number of tones into synthetic images with distinct flat areas and a fewer number of tones . in this technical report , we present the implementation and results of using fuzzy logic in order to generate a posterized image in a simple and fast way . the image filter is based on fuzzy logic and bilateral filtering ; where , the given image is blurred to remove small details . then , the fuzzy logic is ←
→ variance - constrained actor - critic algorithms for discounted and average reward mdps ; in many sequential decision - making problems we may want to manage risk by minimizing some measure of variability in rewards in addition to maximizing a standard criterion . variance related risk measures are among the most common risk - sensitive criteria in finance and operations research . however , optimizing many such criteria is known to be a hard problem . in this paper , we consider both discounted and average reward mar ←
→ lessons from a restricted turing test ; we report on the recent loebner prize competition inspired by turing ' s test of intelligent behavior . the presentation covers the structure of the competition and the outcome of its first instantiation in an actual event , and an analysis of the purpose , design , and appropriateness of such a competition . we argue that the competition has no clear purpose , that its design prevents any useful outcome , and that such a competition is inappropriate given the current level of ←
→ identifying emergency stages in facebook posts of police departments with convolutional and recurrent neural networks and support vector machines ; classification of social media posts in emergency response is an important practical problem : accurate classification can help automate processing of such messages and help other responders and the public react to emergencies in a timely fashion . this research focused on classifying facebook messages of us police departments . randomly selected 5 , 000 messages w ←
→ efficient gradient estimation for motor control learning ; the task of estimating the gradient of a function in the presence of noise is central to several forms of reinforcement learning , including policy search methods . we present two techniques for reducing gradient estimation errors in the presence of observable input noise applied to the control signal . the first method extends the idea of a reinforcement baseline by fitting a local linear model to the function whose gradient is being estimated ; we sho ←
→ a survey of efficient regression of general - activity human poses from depth images ; this paper presents a comprehensive review on regression - based method for human pose estimation . the problem of human pose estimation has been intensively studied and enabled many application from entertainment to training . traditional methods often rely on color image only which cannot completely ambiguity of joint 3d position , especially in the complex context . with the popularity of depth sensors , the precision of 3d e ←
→ thompson sampling in dynamic systems for contextual bandit problems ; we consider the multiarm bandit problems in the timevarying dynamic system for rich structural features . for the nonlinear dynamic model , we propose the approximate inference for the posterior distributions based on laplace approximation . for the context bandit problems , thompson sampling is adopted based on the underlying posterior distributions of the parameters . more specifically , we introduce the discount decays on the previous sample ←
→ anatomical feature - guided volumeric registration of multimodal prostate mri ; radiological imaging of prostate is becoming more popular among researchers and clinicians in searching for diseases , primarily cancer . scans might be acquired at different times , with patient movement between scans , or with different equipment , resulting in multiple datasets that need to be registered . for this issue , we introduce a registration method using anatomical feature - guided mutual information . prostate scans of the sa ←
→ conceptualization of seeded region growing by pixels aggregation . part 1 : the framework ; adams and bishop have proposed in 1994 a novel region growing algorithm called seeded region growing by pixels aggregation ( srgpa ). this paper introduces a framework to implement an algorithm using srgpa . this framework is built around two concepts : localization and organization of applied action . this conceptualization gives a quick implementation of algorithms , a direct translation between the mathematical idea and ←
→ on the feature discovery for app usage prediction in smartphones ; with the increasing number of mobile apps developed , they are now closely integrated into daily life . in this paper , we develop a framework to predict mobile apps that are most likely to be used regarding the current device status of a smartphone . such an apps usage prediction framework is a crucial prerequisite for fast app launching , intelligent user experience , and power management of smartphones . by analyzing real app usage log data , we ←
→ end - to - end learning of image based lane - change decision ; we propose an image based end - to - end learning framework that helps lane - change decisions for human drivers and autonomous vehicles . the proposed system , safe lane - change aid network ( slcan ), trains a deep convolutional neural network to classify the status of adjacent lanes from rear view images acquired by cameras mounted on both sides of the vehicle . rather than depending on any explicit object detection or tracking scheme , slcan reads the whole in ←
→ dimensionality reduction via regression in hyperspectral imagery ; this paper introduces a new unsupervised method for dimensionality reduction via regression ( drr ). the algorithm belongs to the family of invertible transforms that generalize principal component analysis ( pca ) by using curvilinear instead of linear features . drr identifies the nonlinear features through multivariate regression to ensure the reduction in redundancy between he pca coefficients , the reduction of the variance of the scores , and ←
→ examining the tip of the iceberg : a data set for idiom translation ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) has been widely used in recent years with significant improvements for many language pairs . although state - of - the - art nmt systems are generating progressively better translations , idiom translation remains one of the open challenges in this field . idioms , a category of multiword expressions , are an interesting language phenomenon where the overall meaning of the expression cannot be composed from the meanin ←
→ sensitivity analysis for additive stdp rule ; spike timing dependent plasticity ( stdp ) is a hebbian like synaptic learning rule . the basis of stdp has strong experimental evidences and it depends on precise input and output spike timings . in this paper we show that under biologically plausible spiking regime , slight variability in the spike timing leads to drastically different evolution of synaptic weights when its dynamics are governed by the additive stdp rule .←
→ the sea exploration problem : data - driven orienteering on a continuous surface ; this paper describes a problem arising in sea exploration , where the aim is to schedule the expedition of a ship for collecting information about the resources on the seafloor . the aim is to collect data by probing on a set of carefully chosen locations , so that the information available is optimally enriched . this problem has similarities with the orienteering problem , where the aim is to plan a time - limited trip for visiting ←
→ discovery of shifting patterns in sequence classification ; in this paper , we investigate the multi - variate sequence classification problem from a multi - instance learning perspective . real - world sequential data commonly show discriminative patterns only at specific time periods . for instance , we can identify a cropland during its growing season , but it looks similar to a barren land after harvest or before planting . besides , even within the same class , the discriminative patterns can appear in different per ←
→ adversarial networks for the detection of aggressive prostate cancer ; semantic segmentation constitutes an integral part of medical image analyses for which breakthroughs in the field of deep learning were of high relevance . the large number of trainable parameters of deep neural networks however renders them inherently data hungry , a characteristic that heavily challenges the medical imaging community . though interestingly , with the de facto standard training of fully convolutional networks ( fcns ) for sem ←
→ data - selective transfer learning for multi - domain speech recognition ; negative transfer in training of acoustic models for automatic speech recognition has been reported in several contexts such as domain change or speaker characteristics . this paper proposes a novel technique to overcome negative transfer by efficient selection of speech data for acoustic model training . here data is chosen on relevance for a specific target . a submodular function based on likelihood ratios is used to determine how acoust ←
→ using k - nearest neighbors to construct cancelable minutiae templates ; fingerprint is widely used in a variety of applications . security measures have to be taken to protect the privacy of fingerprint data . cancelable biometrics is proposed as an effective mechanism of using and protecting biometrics . in this paper we propose a new method of constructing cancelable fingerprint template by combining real template with synthetic template . specifically , each user is given one synthetic minutia template generat ←
→ a statistical nonparametric approach of face recognition : combination of eigenface & modified k - means clustering ; facial expressions convey non - verbal cues , which play an important role in interpersonal relations . automatic recognition of human face based on facial expression can be an important component of natural human - machine interface . it may also be used in behavioural science . although human can recognize the face practically without any effort , but reliable face recognition by machine is a challe ←
→ embodiment of learning in electro - optical signal processors ; delay - coupled electro - optical systems have received much attention for their dynamical properties and their potential use in signal processing . in particular it has recently been demonstrated , using the artificial intelligence algorithm known as reservoir computing , that photonic implementations of such systems solve complex tasks such as speech recognition . here we show how the backpropagation algorithm can be physically implemented on the same ←
→ maritime situational awareness using adaptive multi - sensor management under hazy conditions ; this paper presents a multi - sensor architecture with an adaptive multi - sensor management system suitable for control and navigation of autonomous maritime vessels in hazy and poor - visibility conditions . this architecture resides in the autonomous maritime vessels . it augments the data from on - board imaging sensors and weather sensors with the ais data and weather data from sensors on other vessels and the on - shor ←
→ an assessment of orthographic similarity measures for several african languages ; natural language interfaces and tools such as spellcheckers and web search in one ' s own language are known to be useful in ict - mediated communication . most languages in southern africa are under - resourced , however . therefore , it would be very useful if both the generic and the few language - specific nlp tools could be reused or easily adapted across languages . this depends on the notion , and extent , of similarity between the ←
→ addressing function approximation error in actor - critic methods ; in value - based reinforcement learning methods such as deep q - learning , function approximation errors are known to lead to overestimated value estimates and suboptimal policies . we show that this problem persists in an actor - critic setting and propose novel mechanisms to minimize its effects on both the actor and critic . our algorithm takes the minimum value between a pair of critics to restrict overestimation and delays policy updates to redu ←
→ sequential low - rank change detection ; detecting emergence of a low - rank signal from high - dimensional data is an important problem arising from many applications such as camera surveillance and swarm monitoring using sensors . we consider a procedure based on the largest eigenvalue of the sample covariance matrix over a sliding window to detect the change . to achieve dimensionality reduction , we present a sketching - based approach for rank change detection using the low - dimensional linear sketches of the orig ←
→ efficient calculation of bigram frequencies in a corpus of short texts ; we show that an efficient and popular method for calculating bigram frequencies is unsuitable for bodies of short texts and offer a simple alternative . our method has the same computational complexity as the old method and offers an exact count instead of an approximation .←
→ a weakly supervised approach to train temporal relation classifiers and acquire regular event pairs simultaneously ; capabilities of detecting temporal relations between two events can benefit many applications . most of existing temporal relation classifiers were trained in a supervised manner . instead , we explore the observation that regular event pairs show a consistent temporal relation despite of their various contexts , and these rich contexts can be used to train a contextual temporal relation classi ←
→ exploring and exploiting diversity for image segmentation ; semantic image segmentation is an important computer vision task that is difficult because it consists of both recognition and segmentation . the task is often cast as a structured output problem on an exponentially large output - space , which is typically modeled by a discrete probabilistic model . the best segmentation is found by inferring the maximum a - posteriori ( map ) solution over the output distribution defined by the model . due to limitations i ←
→ mizan : a large persian - english parallel corpus ; one of the most major and essential tasks in natural language processing is machine translation that is now highly dependent upon multilingual parallel corpora . through this paper , we introduce the biggest persian - english parallel corpus with more than one million sentence pairs collected from masterpieces of literature . we also present acquisition process and statistics of the corpus , and experiment a base - line statistical machine translation system using th ←
→ vanishing point detection with convolutional neural networks ; inspired by the finding that vanishing point ( road tangent ) guides driver ' s gaze , in our previous work we showed that vanishing point attracts gaze during free viewing of natural scenes as well as in visual search ( borji et al ., journal of vision 2016 ). we have also introduced improved saliency models using vanishing point detectors ( feng et al ., wacv 2016 ). here , we aim to predict vanishing points in naturalistic environments by training convol ←
→ deformable part - based fully convolutional network for object detection ; existing region - based object detectors are limited to regions with fixed box geometry to represent objects , even if those are highly non - rectangular . in this paper we introduce dp - fcn , a deep model for object detection which explicitly adapts to shapes of objects with deformable parts . without additional annotations , it learns to focus on discriminative elements and to align them , and simultaneously brings more invariance for classific ←
→ modeling human reading with neural attention ; when humans read text , they fixate some words and skip others . however , there have been few attempts to explain skipping behavior with computational models , as most existing work has focused on predicting reading times ( e . g .,~ using surprisal ). in this paper , we propose a novel approach that models both skipping and reading , using an unsupervised architecture that combines a neural attention with autoencoding , trained on raw text using reinforcement learning . ou ←
→ a deep learning based behavioral approach to indoor autonomous navigation ; we present a semantically rich graph representation for indoor robotic navigation . our graph representation encodes : semantic locations such as offices or corridors as nodes , and navigational behaviors such as enter office or cross a corridor as edges . in particular , our navigational behaviors operate directly from visual inputs to produce motor controls and are implemented with deep learning architectures . this enables the robot ←
→ improving the performance of neural networks in regression tasks using drawering ; the method presented extends a given regression neural network to make its performance improve . the modification affects the learning procedure only , hence the extension may be easily omitted during evaluation without any change in prediction . it means that the modified model may be evaluated as quickly as the original one but tends to perform better . this improvement is possible because the modification gives better expr ←
→ negcut : automatic image segmentation based on mrf - map ; solving the maximum a posteriori on markov random field , mrf - map , is a prevailing method in recent interactive image segmentation tools . although mathematically explicit in its computational targets , and impressive for the segmentation quality , mrf - map is hard to accomplish without the interactive information from users . so it is rarely adopted in the automatic style up to today . in this paper , we present an automatic image segmentation algorithm , negc ←
→ adaptive submodular optimization under matroid constraints ; many important problems in discrete optimization require maximization of a monotonic submodular function subject to matroid constraints . for these problems , a simple greedy algorithm is guaranteed to obtain near - optimal solutions . in this article , we extend this classic result to a general class of adaptive optimization problems under partial observability , where each choice can depend on observations resulting from past choices . specifically , we ←
→ margin distribution controlled boosting ; schapire ' s margin theory provides a theoretical explanation to the success of boosting - type methods and manifests that a good margin distribution ( md ) of training samples is essential for generalization . however the statement that a md is good is vague , consequently , many recently developed algorithms try to generate a md in their goodness senses for boosting generalization . unlike their indirect control over md , in this paper , we propose an alternative boosting alg ←
→ long - term sequential prediction using expert advice ; for the prediction with experts ' advice setting , we consider some methods to construct forecasting algorithms that suffer loss not much more than any expert in the pool . in contrast to the standard approach , we investigate the case of long - term forecasting of time series . this approach implies that each expert issues a forecast for a time point ahead ( or a time interval ), and then the master algorithm combines these forecasts into one aggregated forecast ←
→ making decisions using sets of probabilities : updating , time consistency , and calibration ; we consider how an agent should update her beliefs when her beliefs are represented by a set p of probability distributions , given that the agent makes decisions using the minimax criterion , perhaps the best - studied and most commonly - used criterion in the literature . we adopt a game - theoretic framework , where the agent plays against a bookie , who chooses some distribution from p . we consider two reasonable games th ←
→ a scale - space theory for text ; scale - space theory has been established primarily by the computer vision and signal processing communities as a well - founded and promising framework for multi - scale processing of signals ( e . g ., images ). by embedding an original signal into a family of gradually coarsen signals parameterized with a continuous scale parameter , it provides a formal framework to capture the structure of a signal at different scales in a consistent way . in this paper , we present a scale space theo ←
→ decomposition , reformulation , and diving in university course timetabling ; in many real - life optimisation problems , there are multiple interacting components in a solution . for example , different components might specify assignments to different kinds of resource . often , each component is associated with different sets of soft constraints , and so with different measures of soft constraint violation . the goal is then to minimise a linear combination of such measures . this paper studies an approach to such ←
→ hrf estimation improves sensitivity of fmri encoding and decoding models ; extracting activation patterns from functional magnetic resonance images ( fmri ) datasets remains challenging in rapid - event designs due to the inherent delay of blood oxygen level - dependent ( bold ) signal . the general linear model ( glm ) allows to estimate the activation from a design matrix and a fixed hemodynamic response function ( hrf ). however , the hrf is known to vary substantially between subjects and brain regions . in this paper ←
→ henet : a highly efficient convolutional neural networks optimized for accuracy , speed and storage ; in order to enhance the real - time performance of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), more and more researchers are focusing on improving the efficiency of cnn . based on the analysis of some cnn architectures , such as resnet , densenet , shufflenet and so on , we combined their advantages and proposed a very efficient model called highly efficient networks ( henet ). the new architecture uses an unusual way to com ←
→ exact decoding on latent variable conditional models is np - hard ; latent variable conditional models , including the latent conditional random fields as a special case , are popular models for many natural language processing and vision processing tasks . the computational complexity of the exact decoding / inference in latent conditional random fields is unclear . in this paper , we try to clarify the computational complexity of the exact decoding . we analyze the complexity and demonstrate that it is an np - hard p ←
→ automatic generation of the axial lines of urban environments to capture what we perceive ; based on the concepts of isovists and medial axes , we developed a set of algorithms that can automatically generate axial lines for representing individual linearly stretched parts of open space of an urban environment . open space is the space between buildings , where people can freely move around . the generation of the axial lines has been a key aspect of space syntax research , conventionally relying on hand - drawn ←
→ a general retraining framework for scalable adversarial classification ; traditional classification algorithms assume that training and test data come from similar distributions . this assumption is violated in adversarial settings , where malicious actors modify instances to evade detection . a number of custom methods have been developed for both adversarial evasion attacks and robust learning . we propose the first systematic and general - purpose retraining framework which can : a ) boost robustness of an \ emph ←
→ the effect of different writing tasks on linguistic style : a case study of the roc story cloze task ; a writer ' s style depends not just on personal traits but also on her intent and mental state . in this paper , we show how variants of the same writing task can lead to measurable differences in writing style . we present a case study based on the story cloze task ( mostafazadeh et al ., 2016a ), where annotators were assigned similar writing tasks with different constraints : ( 1 ) writing an entire story , ( 2 ) ad ←
→ pitfalls and best practices in algorithm configuration ; good parameter settings are crucial to achieve high performance in many areas of artificial intelligence ( ai ), such as satisfiability solving , ai planning , scheduling , and machine learning ( in particular deep learning ). automated algorithm configuration methods have recently received much attention in the ai community since they replace tedious , irreproducible and error - prone manual parameter tuning and can lead to new state - of - the - art performance . ho ←
→ siamese learning visual tracking : a survey ; the aim of this survey is an attempt to review the kind of machine learning and stochastic techniques and the ways existing work currently uses machine learning and stochastic methods for the challenging problem of visual tracking . it is not intended to study the whole tracking literature of the last decades as this seems impossible by the incredible vast number of published papers . this first draft version of the article focuses very targeted on recent literatur ←
→ safe feature elimination in sparse supervised learning ; we investigate fast methods that allow to quickly eliminate variables ( features ) in supervised learning problems involving a convex loss function and a $ l_1 $- norm penalty , leading to a potentially substantial reduction in the number of variables prior to running the supervised learning algorithm . the methods are not heuristic : they only eliminate features that are {\ em guaranteed } to be absent after solving the learning problem . our framework applies ←
→ weighted attribute fusion model for face recognition ; recognizing a face based on its attributes is an easy task for a human to perform as it is a cognitive process . in recent years , face recognition is achieved with different kinds of facial features which were used separately or in a combined manner . currently , feature fusion methods and parallel methods are the facial features used and performed by integrating multiple feature sets at different levels . however , this integration and the combinational met ←
→ distributed entity disambiguation with per - mention learning ; entity disambiguation , or mapping a phrase to its canonical representation in a knowledge base , is a fundamental step in many natural language processing applications . existing techniques based on global ranking models fail to capture the individual peculiarities of the words and hence , either struggle to meet the accuracy requirements of many real - world applications or they are too complex to satisfy real - time constraints of applications . in t ←
→ automatic local gabor features extraction for face recognition ; we present in this paper a biometric system of face detection and recognition in color images . the face detection technique is based on skin color information and fuzzy classification . a new algorithm is proposed in order to detect automatically face features ( eyes , mouth and nose ) and extract their correspondent geometrical points . these fiducial points are described by sets of wavelet components which are used for recognition . to achieve the ←
→ modeling trolling in social media conversations ; social media websites , electronic newspapers and internet forums allow visitors to leave comments for others to read and interact . this exchange is not free from participants with malicious intentions , who troll others by positing messages that are intended to be provocative , offensive , or menacing . with the goal of facilitating the computational modeling of trolling , we propose a trolling categorization that is novel in the sense that it allows comment - base ←
→ the risk of machine learning ; many applied settings in empirical economics involve simultaneous estimation of a large number of parameters . in particular , applied economists are often interested in estimating the effects of many - valued treatments ( like teacher effects or location effects ), treatment effects for many groups , and prediction models with many regressors . in these settings , machine learning methods that combine regularized estimation and data - driven choices of regularization parameters are usef ←
→ a bayesian approach to discovering truth from conflicting sources for data integration ; in practical data integration systems , it is common for the data sources being integrated to provide conflicting information about the same entity . consequently , a major challenge for data integration is to derive the most complete and accurate integrated records from diverse and sometimes conflicting sources . we term this challenge the truth finding problem . we observe that some sources are generally more reliable th ←
→ study of all the periods of a neuronal recurrence equation ; we characterize the structure of the periods of a neuronal recurrence equation . firstly , we give a characterization of k - chains in 0 - 1 periodic sequences . secondly , we characterize the periods of all cycles of some neuronal recurrence equation . thirdly , we explain how these results can be used to deduce the existence of the generalized period - halving bifurcation .←
→ a randomized mirror descent algorithm for large scale multiple kernel learning ; we consider the problem of simultaneously learning to linearly combine a very large number of kernels and learn a good predictor based on the learnt kernel . when the number of kernels $ d $ to be combined is very large , multiple kernel learning methods whose computational cost scales linearly in $ d $ are intractable . we propose a randomized version of the mirror descent algorithm to overcome this issue , under the objective of mi ←
→ a non - negative expansion for small jensen - shannon divergences ; in this report , we derive a non - negative series expansion for the jensen - shannon divergence ( jsd ) between two probability distributions . this series expansion is shown to be useful for numerical calculations of the jsd , when the probability distributions are nearly equal , and for which , consequently , small numerical errors dominate evaluation .←
→ interactive natural language acquisition in a multi - modal recurrent neural architecture ; for the complex human brain that enables us to communicate in natural language , we gathered good understandings of principles underlying language acquisition and processing , knowledge about socio - cultural conditions , and insights about activity patterns in the brain . however , we were not yet able to understand the behavioural and mechanistic characteristics for natural language and how mechanisms in the brain allow t ←
→ identifying genetic risk factors via sparse group lasso with group graph structure ; genome - wide association studies ( gwa studies or gwas ) investigate the relationships between genetic variants such as single - nucleotide polymorphisms ( snps ) and individual traits . recently , incorporating biological priors together with machine learning methods in gwa studies has attracted increasing attention . however , in real - world , nucleotide - level bio - priors have not been well - studied to date . alternatively , studies at ←
→ cavlectometry : towards holistic reconstruction of large mirror objects ; we introduce a method based on the deflectometry principle for the reconstruction of specular objects exhibiting significant size and geometric complexity . a key feature of our approach is the deployment of an automatic virtual environment ( cave ) as pattern generator . to unfold the full power of this extraordinary experimental setup , an optical encoding scheme is developed which accounts for the distinctive topology of the cave . furthe ←
→ network - based methods for outcome prediction in the " sample space " ; in this thesis we present the novel semi - supervised network - based algorithm p - net , which is able to rank and classify patients with respect to a specific phenotype or clinical outcome under study . the peculiar and innovative characteristic of this method is that it builds a network of samples / patients , where the nodes represent the samples and the edges are functional or genetic relationships between individuals ( e . g . similarity of express ←
→ deep learning - guided image reconstruction from incomplete data ; an approach to incorporate deep learning within an iterative image reconstruction framework to reconstruct images from severely incomplete measurement data is presented . specifically , we utilize a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) as a quasi - projection operator within a least squares minimization procedure . the cnn is trained to encode high level information about the class of images being imaged ; this information is utilized to mitigate arti ←
→ scalable matting : a sub - linear approach ; natural image matting , which separates foreground from background , is a very important intermediate step in recent computer vision algorithms . however , it is severely underconstrained and difficult to solve . state - of - the - art approaches include matting by graph laplacian , which significantly improves the underconstrained nature by reducing the solution space . however , matting by graph laplacian is still very difficult to solve and gets much harder as the image size g ←
→ embedding description logic programs into default logic ; description logic programs ( dl - programs ) under the answer set semantics formulated by eiter {\ em et al .} have been considered as a prominent formalism for integrating rules and ontology knowledge bases . a question of interest has been whether dl - programs can be captured in a general formalism of nonmonotonic logic . in this paper , we study the possibility of embedding dl - programs into default logic . we show that dl - programs under the strong and weak a ←
→ a self - organizing neural scheme for door detection in different environments ; doors are important landmarks for indoor mobile robot navigation and also assist blind people to independently access unfamiliar buildings . most existing algorithms of door detection are limited to work for familiar environments because of restricted assumptions about color , texture and shape . in this paper we propose a novel approach which employs feature based classification and uses the kohonen self - organizing map ( som ) for ←
→ between sense and sensibility : declarative narrativisation of mental models as a basis and benchmark for visuo - spatial cognition and computation focussed collaborative cognitive systems ; what lies between `\ emph { sensing }' and `\ emph { sensibility }'? in other words , what kind of cognitive processes mediate sensing capability , and the formation of sensible impressions --- e . g ., abstractions , analogies , hypotheses and theory formation , beliefs and their revision , argument formation --- in domain - specific prob ←
→ a probabilistic framework for nonlinearities in stochastic neural networks ; we present a probabilistic framework for nonlinearities , based on doubly truncated gaussian distributions . by setting the truncation points appropriately , we are able to generate various types of nonlinearities within a unified framework , including sigmoid , tanh and relu , the most commonly used nonlinearities in neural networks . the framework readily integrates into existing stochastic neural networks ( with hidden units character ←
→ automatic streaming segmentation of stereo video using bilateral space ; in this paper , we take advantage of binocular camera and propose an unsupervised algorithm based on semi - supervised segmentation algorithm and extracting foreground part efficiently . we creatively embed depth information into bilateral grid in the graph cut model and achieve considerable segmenting accuracy in the case of no user input . the experi - ment approves the high precision , time efficiency of our algorithm and its adaptation to ←
→ hierarchy of scales in language dynamics ; methods and insights from statistical physics are finding an increasing variety of applications where one seeks to understand the emergent properties of a complex interacting system . one such area concerns the dynamics of language at a variety of levels of description , from the behaviour of individual agents learning simple artificial languages from each other , up to changes in the structure of languages shared by large groups of speakers over historical timescales ←
→ fuzzy rankings : properties and applications ; in practice , a ranking of objects with respect to given set of criteria is of considerable importance . however , due to lack of knowledge , information of time pressure , decision makers might not be able to provide a ( crisp ) ranking of objects from the top to the bottom . instead , some objects might be ranked equally , or better than other objects only to some degree . in such cases , a generalization of crisp rankings to fuzzy rankings can be more useful . the aim of ←
→ optimal impact strategies for asteroid deflection ; this paper presents an analysis of optimal impact strategies to deflect potentially dangerous asteroids . to compute the increase in the minimum orbit intersection distance of the asteroid due to an impact with a spacecraft , simple analytical formulas are derived from proximal motion equations . the proposed analytical formulation allows for an analysis of the optimal direction of the deviating impulse transferred to the asteroid . this ideal optimal directio ←
→ supervised dictionary learning ; it is now well established that sparse signal models are well suited to restoration tasks and can effectively be learned from audio , image , and video data . recent research has been aimed at learning discriminative sparse models instead of purely reconstructive ones . this paper proposes a new step in that direction , with a novel sparse representation for signals belonging to different classes in terms of a shared dictionary and multiple class - decision functions . the linear va ←
→ wmrb : learning to rank in a scalable batch training approach ; we propose a new learning to rank algorithm , named weighted margin - rank batch loss ( wmrb ), to extend the popular weighted approximate - rank pairwise loss ( warp ). wmrb uses a new rank estimator and an efficient batch training algorithm . the approach allows more accurate item rank approximation and explicit utilization of parallel computation to accelerate training . in three item recommendation tasks , wmrb consistently outperforms warp and other ba ←
→ tensity research based on the information of eye movement ; user ' s mental state is concerned gradually , during the interaction course of human robot . as the measurement and identification method of psychological state , tension , has certain practical significance role . at presents there is no suitable method of measuring the tension . firstly , sum up some availability of eye movement index . and then parameters extraction on eye movement characteristics of normal illumination is studied , including the location ←
→ a comparative analysis of methods for estimating axon diameter using dwi ; the importance of studying the brain microstructure is described and the existing and state of the art non - invasive methods for the investigation of the brain microstructure using diffusion weighted magnetic resonance imaging ( dwi ) is studied . in the next step , cramer - rao lower bound ( crlb ) analysis is described and utilised for assessment of the minimum estimation error and uncertainty level of different diffusion weighted magnetic ←
→ least square variational bayesian autoencoder with regularization ; in recent years variation autoencoders have become one of the most popular unsupervised learning of complicated distributions . variational autoencoder ( vae ) provides more efficient reconstructive performance over a traditional autoencoder . variational auto enocders make better approximaiton than mcmc . the vae defines a generative process in terms of ancestral sampling through a cascade of hidden stochastic layers . they are a directed graphic ←
→ a solution concept for games with altruism and cooperation ; over the years , numerous experiments have been accumulated to show that cooperation is not casual and depends on the payoffs of the game . these findings suggest that humans have attitude to cooperation by nature and the same person may act more or less cooperatively depending on the particular payoffs . in other words , people do not act a priori as single agents , but they forecast how the game would be played if they formed coalitions and then they ←
→ fera 2017 - addressing head pose in the third facial expression recognition and analysis challenge ; the field of automatic facial expression analysis has grown rapidly in recent years . however , despite progress in new approaches as well as benchmarking efforts , most evaluations still focus on either posed expressions , near - frontal recordings , or both . this makes it hard to tell how existing expression recognition approaches perform under conditions where faces appear in a wide range of poses ( or camera v ←
→ casenet : deep category - aware semantic edge detection ; boundary and edge cues are highly beneficial in improving a wide variety of vision tasks such as semantic segmentation , object recognition , stereo , and object proposal generation . recently , the problem of edge detection has been revisited and significant progress has been made with deep learning . while classical edge detection is a challenging binary problem in itself , the category - aware semantic edge detection by nature is an even more challenging mult ←
→ the heterogeneous ensembles of standard classification algorithms ( hesca ): the whole is greater than the sum of its parts ; building classification models is an intrinsically practical exercise that requires many design decisions prior to deployment . we aim to provide some guidance in this decision making process . specifically , given a classification problem with real valued attributes , we consider which classifier or family of classifiers should one use . strong contenders are tree based homogeneous ensem ←
→ kernel mean embedding of distributions : a review and beyond ; a hilbert space embedding of a distribution --- in short , a kernel mean embedding --- has recently emerged as a powerful tool for machine learning and inference . the basic idea behind this framework is to map distributions into a reproducing kernel hilbert space ( rkhs ) in which the whole arsenal of kernel methods can be extended to probability measures . it can be viewed as a generalization of the original " feature map " common to support vector machin ←
→ leveraging conversation structure on social media to identify potentially influential users ; social networks have a community providing feedback on comments that allows to identify opinion leaders and users whose positions are unwelcome . other platforms are not backed by such tools . having a picture of the community ' s reactions to a published content is a non trivial problem . in this work we propose a novel approach using abstract argumentation frameworks and machine learning to describe interactions bet ←
→ stay on path : pca along graph paths ; we introduce a variant of ( sparse ) pca in which the set of feasible support sets is determined by a graph . in particular , we consider the following setting : given a directed acyclic graph $ g $ on $ p $ vertices corresponding to variables , the non - zero entries of the extracted principal component must coincide with vertices lying along a path in $ g $. from a statistical perspective , information on the underlying network may potentially reduce the number of observations req ←
→ exposing the probabilistic causal structure of discrimination ; discrimination discovery from data is an important task aiming at identifying patterns of illegal and unethical discriminatory activities against protected - by - law groups , e . g ., ethnic minorities . while any legally - valid proof of discrimination requires evidence of causality , the state - of - the - art methods are essentially correlation - based , albeit , as it is well known , correlation does not imply causation . in this paper we take a principled caus ←
→ dawt : densely annotated wikipedia texts across multiple languages ; in this work , we open up the dawt dataset - densely annotated wikipedia texts across multiple languages . the annotations include labeled text mentions mapping to entities ( represented by their freebase machine ids ) as well as the type of the entity . the data set contains total of 13 . 6m articles , 5 . 0b tokens , 13 . 8m mention entity co - occurrences . dawt contains 4 . 8 times more anchor text to entity links than originally present in the wikipedia ←
→ coherence functions with applications in large - margin classification methods ; support vector machines ( svms ) naturally embody sparseness due to their use of hinge loss functions . however , svms can not directly estimate conditional class probabilities . in this paper we propose and study a family of coherence functions , which are convex and differentiable , as surrogates of the hinge function . the coherence function is derived by using the maximum - entropy principle and is characterized by a temperature para ←
→ camera calibration by global constraints on the motion of silhouettes ; we address the problem of epipolar geometry using the motion of silhouettes . such methods match epipolar lines or frontier points across views , which are then used as the set of putative correspondences . we introduce an approach that improves by two orders of magnitude the performance over state - of - the - art methods , by significantly reducing the number of outliers in the putative matching . we model the frontier points ' correspondence pro ←
→ augmented robust pca for foreground - background separation on noisy , moving camera video ; this work presents a novel approach for robust pca with total variation regularization for foreground - background separation and denoising on noisy , moving camera video . our proposed algorithm registers the raw ( possibly corrupted ) frames of a video and then jointly processes the registered frames to produce a decomposition of the scene into a low - rank background component that captures the static components of the sc ←
→ multiple kernel $ k $- means clustering using min - max optimization with $ l_2 $ regularization ; as various types of biomedical data become available , multiple kernel learning approaches have been proposed to incorporate abundant yet diverse information collected from multiple sources ( or views ) to facilitate disease prediction and pattern recognition . although supervised multiple kernel learning has been extensively studied , until recently , only a few unsupervised approaches have been proposed . moreover , the ←
→ identifying synapses using deep and wide multiscale recursive networks ; in this work , we propose a learning framework for identifying synapses using a deep and wide multi - scale recursive ( dawmr ) network , previously considered in image segmentation applications . we apply this approach on electron microscopy data from invertebrate fly brain tissue . by learning features directly from the data , we are able to achieve considerable improvements over existing techniques that rely on a small set of hand - designed f ←
→ riemann - theta boltzmann machine ; a general boltzmann machine with continuous visible and discrete integer valued hidden states is introduced . under mild assumptions about the connection matrices , the probability density function of the visible units can be solved for analytically , yielding a novel parametric density function involving a ratio of riemann - theta functions . the conditional expectation of a hidden state for given visible states can also be calculated analytically , yielding a derivative of the l ←
→ towards end - to - end face recognition through alignment learning ; plenty of effective methods have been proposed for face recognition during the past decade . although these methods differ essentially in many aspects , a common practice of them is to specifically align the facial area based on the prior knowledge of human face structure before feature extraction . in most systems , the face alignment module is implemented independently . this has actually caused difficulties in the designing and training of end - t ←
→ interactive attention for neural machine translation ; conventional attention - based neural machine translation ( nmt ) conducts dynamic alignment in generating the target sentence . by repeatedly reading the representation of source sentence , which keeps fixed after generated by the encoder ( bahdanau et al ., 2015 ), the attention mechanism has greatly enhanced state - of - the - art nmt . in this paper , we propose a new attention mechanism , called interactive attention , which models the interaction between the decoder ←
→ perception - based energy functions in seam - cutting ; image stitching is challenging in consumer - level photography , due to alignment difficulties in unconstrained shooting environment . recent studies show that seam - cutting approaches can effectively relieve artifacts generated by local misalignment . normally , seam - cutting is described in terms of energy minimization , however , few of existing methods consider human perception in their energy functions , which sometimes causes that a seam with minimum energy is ←
→ learning concept embeddings with combined human - machine expertise ; this paper presents our work on " snack ," a low - dimensional concept embedding algorithm that combines human expertise with automatic machine similarity kernels . both parts are complimentary : human insight can capture relationships that are not apparent from the object ' s visual similarity and the machine can help relieve the human from having to exhaustively specify many constraints . we show that our snack embeddings are useful in several tas ←
→ geometric tight frame based stylometry for art authentication of van gogh paintings ; this paper is about authenticating genuine van gogh paintings from forgeries . the authentication process depends on two key steps : feature extraction and outlier detection . in this paper , a geometric tight frame and some simple statistics of the tight frame coefficients are used to extract features from the paintings . then a forward stage - wise rank boosting is used to select a small set of features for more accurate clas ←
→ a minimax approach to supervised learning ; given a task of predicting $ y $ from $ x $, a loss function $ l $, and a set of probability distributions $\ gamma $ on $( x , y )$, what is the optimal decision rule minimizing the worst - case expected loss over $\ gamma $? in this paper , we address this question by introducing a generalization of the principle of maximum entropy . applying this principle to sets of distributions with marginal on $ x $ constrained to be the empirical marginal from the data , we develop a general m ←
→ people counting in crowded and outdoor scenes using a hybrid multi - camera approach ; this paper presents two novel approaches for people counting in crowded and open environments that combine the information gathered by multiple views . multiple camera are used to expand the field of view as well as to mitigate the problem of occlusion that commonly affects the performance of counting methods using single cameras . the first approach is regarded as a direct approach and it attempts to segment and count each ←
→ scaling submodular maximization via pruned submodularity graphs ; we propose a new random pruning method ( called " submodular sparsification ( ss )") to reduce the cost of submodular maximization . the pruning is applied via a " submodularity graph " over the $ n $ ground elements , where each directed edge is associated with a pairwise dependency defined by the submodular function . in each step , ss prunes a $ 1 - 1 /\ sqrt { c }$ ( for $ c > 1 $) fraction of the nodes using weights on edges computed based on only a small number ←
→ deep memory networks for attitude identification ; we consider the task of identifying attitudes towards a given set of entities from text . conventionally , this task is decomposed into two separate subtasks : target detection that identifies whether each entity is mentioned in the text , either explicitly or implicitly , and polarity classification that classifies the exact sentiment towards an identified entity ( the target ) into positive , negative , or neutral . instead , we show that attitude identification c ←
→ on the convergence of maximum variance unfolding ; maximum variance unfolding is one of the main methods for ( nonlinear ) dimensionality reduction . we study its large sample limit , providing specific rates of convergence under standard assumptions . we find that it is consistent when the underlying submanifold is isometric to a convex subset , and we provide some simple examples where it fails to be consistent .←
→ unconfused ultraconservative multiclass algorithms ; we tackle the problem of learning linear classifiers from noisy datasets in a multiclass setting . the two - class version of this problem was studied a few years ago where the proposed approaches to combat the noise revolve around a per - ceptron learning scheme fed with peculiar examples computed through a weighted average of points from the noisy training set . we propose to build upon these approaches and we introduce a new algorithm called uma ( for unconfu ←
→ ensemble relational learning based on selective propositionalization ; dealing with structured data needs the use of expressive representation formalisms that , however , puts the problem to deal with the computational complexity of the machine learning process . furthermore , real world domains require tools able to manage their typical uncertainty . many statistical relational learning approaches try to deal with these problems by combining the construction of relevant relational features with a probabilistic ←
→ pcanet : a simple deep learning baseline for image classification ? ; in this work , we propose a very simple deep learning network for image classification which comprises only the very basic data processing components : cascaded principal component analysis ( pca ), binary hashing , and block - wise histograms . in the proposed architecture , pca is employed to learn multistage filter banks . it is followed by simple binary hashing and block histograms for indexing and pooling . this architecture is thus named as a pc ←
→ monocular depth estimation using multi - scale continuous crfs as sequential deep networks ; depth cues have been proved very useful in various computer vision and robotic tasks . this paper addresses the problem of monocular depth estimation from a single still image . inspired by the effectiveness of recent works on multi - scale convolutional neural networks ( cnn ), we propose a deep model which fuses complementary information derived from multiple cnn side outputs . different from previous methods using conca ←
→ bi - modal first impressions recognition using temporally ordered deep audio and stochastic visual features ; we propose a novel approach for first impressions recognition in terms of the big five personality - traits from short videos . the big five personality traits is a model to describe human personality using five broad categories : extraversion , agreeableness , conscientiousness , neuroticism and openness . we train two bi - modal end - to - end deep neural network architectures using temporally ordered audio and ←
→ a novel approach for cardiac disease prediction and classification using intelligent agents ; the goal is to develop a novel approach for cardiac disease prediction and diagnosis using intelligent agents . initially the symptoms are preprocessed using filter and wrapper based agents . the filter removes the missing or irrelevant symptoms . wrapper is used to extract the data in the data set according to the threshold limits . dependency of each symptom is identified using dependency checker agent . the classif ←
→ exemplar - centered supervised shallow parametric data embedding ; metric learning methods for dimensionality reduction in combination with k - nearest neighbors ( knn ) have been extensively deployed in many classification , data embedding , and information retrieval applications . however , most of these approaches involve pairwise training data comparisons , and thus have quadratic computational complexity with respect to the size of training set , preventing them from scaling to fairly big datasets . moreover , durin ←
→ gm - net : learning features with more efficiency ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) are capable of learning unprecedentedly effective features from images . some researchers have struggled to enhance the parameters ' efficiency using grouped convolution . however , the relation between the optimal number of convolutional groups and the recognition performance remains an open problem . in this paper , we propose a series of basic units ( bus ) and a two - level merging strategy to construct deep cnns , referred ←
→ bayesian inference on random simple graphs with power law degree distributions ; we present a model for random simple graphs with a degree distribution that obeys a power law ( i . e ., is heavy - tailed ). to attain this behavior , the edge probabilities in the graph are constructed from bertoin - fujita - roynette - yor ( bfry ) random variables , which have been recently utilized in bayesian statistics for the construction of power law models in several applications . our construction readily extends to capture the stru ←
→ compressive statistical learning with random feature moments ; we describe a general framework -- compressive statistical learning -- for resource - efficient large - scale learning : the training collection is compressed in one pass into a low - dimensional sketch ( a vector of random empirical generalized moments ) that captures the information relevant to the considered learning task . a near - minimizer of the risk is computed from the sketch through the solution of a nonlinear least squares problem . we investigate s ←
→ on the validity of covariate adjustment for estimating causal effects ; identifying effects of actions ( treatments ) on outcome variables from observational data and causal assumptions is a fundamental problem in causal inference . this identification is made difficult by the presence of confounders which can be related to both treatment and outcome variables . confounders are often handled , both in theory and in practice , by adjusting for covariates , in other words considering outcomes conditioned on treatmen ←
→ stats - calculus pose descriptor feeding a discrete hmm low - latency detection and recognition system for 3d skeletal actions ; recognition of human actions , under low observational latency , is a growing interest topic , nowadays . many approaches have been represented based on a provided set of 3d cartesian coordinates system originated at a certain specific point located on a root joint . in this paper , we will present a statistical detection and recognition system using hidden markov model using 7 types of p ←
→ bayesian learning for low - rank matrix reconstruction ; we develop latent variable models for bayesian learning based low - rank matrix completion and reconstruction from linear measurements . for under - determined systems , the developed methods are shown to reconstruct low - rank matrices when neither the rank nor the noise power is known a - priori . we derive relations between the latent variable models and several low - rank promoting penalty functions . the relations justify the use of kronecker structured covarian ←
→ aspects of pattern - matching in data - oriented parsing ; data - oriented parsing ( dop ) ranks among the best parsing schemes , pairing state - of - the art parsing accuracy to the psycholinguistic insight that larger chunks of syntactic structures are relevant grammatical and probabilistic units . parsing with the dop - model , however , seems to involve a lot of cpu cycles and a considerable amount of double work , brought on by the concept of multiple derivations , which is necessary for probabilistic processing , but whic ←
→ sparse additive gaussian process with soft interactions ; additive nonparametric regression models provide an attractive tool for variable selection in high dimensions when the relationship between the response and predictors is complex . they offer greater flexibility compared to parametric non - linear regression models and better interpretability and scalability than the non - parametric regression models . however , achieving sparsity simultaneously in the number of nonparametric components as well as in the v ←
→ searching for representative modes on hypergraphs for robust geometric model fitting ; in this paper , we propose a simple and effective { geometric } model fitting method to fit and segment multi - structure data even in the presence of severe outliers . we cast the task of geometric model fitting as a representative mode - seeking problem on hypergraphs . specifically , a hypergraph is firstly constructed , where the vertices represent model hypotheses and the hyperedges denote data points . the hypergraph involves ←
→ learning to associate words and images using a large - scale graph ; we develop an approach for unsupervised learning of associations between co - occurring perceptual events using a large graph . we applied this approach to successfully solve the image captcha of china ' s railroad system . the approach is based on the principle of suspicious coincidence . in this particular problem , a user is presented with a deformed picture of a chinese phrase and eight low - resolution images . they must quickly select the relevan ←
→ lithium nlp : a system for rich information extraction from noisy user generated text on social media ; in this paper , we describe the lithium natural language processing ( nlp ) system - a resource - constrained , high - throughput and language - agnostic system for information extraction from noisy user generated text on social media . lithium nlp extracts a rich set of information including entities , topics , hashtags and sentiment from text . we discuss several real world applications of the system currently inco ←
→ monitoring targeted hate in online environments ; hateful comments , swearwords and sometimes even death threats are becoming a reality for many people today in online environments . this is especially true for journalists , politicians , artists , and other public figures . this paper describes how hate directed towards individuals can be measured in online environments using a simple dictionary - based approach . we present a case study on swedish politicians , and use examples from this study to discuss shortcomin ←
→ a polynomial time algorithm for lossy population recovery ; we give a polynomial time algorithm for the lossy population recovery problem . in this problem , the goal is to approximately learn an unknown distribution on binary strings of length $ n $ from lossy samples : for some parameter $\ mu $ each coordinate of the sample is preserved with probability $\ mu $ and otherwise is replaced by a `?'. the running time and number of samples needed for our algorithm is polynomial in $ n $ and $ 1 /\ varepsilon $ for each fixe ←
→ super - efficient spatially adaptive contrast enhancement algorithm for superficial vein imaging ; this paper presents a super - efficient spatially adaptive contrast enhancement algorithm for enhancing infrared ( ir ) radiation based superficial vein images in real - time . the super - efficiency permits the algorithm to run in consumer - grade handheld devices , which ultimately reduces the cost of vein imaging equipment . the proposed method utilizes the response from the low - frequency range of the ir image signal to ←
→ argudas : arguing with gene expression information ; in situ hybridisation gene expression information helps biologists identify where a gene is expressed . however , the databases that republish the experimental information are often both incomplete and inconsistent . this paper examines a system , argudas , designed to help tackle these issues . argudas is an evolution of an existing system , and so that system is reviewed as a means of both explaining and justifying the behaviour of argudas . throughout the discu ←
→ mean - field theory of input dimensionality reduction in unsupervised deep neural networks ; deep neural networks as powerful tools are widely used in various domains . however , the nature of computations at each layer of the deep networks is far from being well understood . increasing the interpretability of deep neural networks is thus important . here , we construct a mean - field framework to understand how compact representations are developed across layers , not only in deterministic random deep networks but ←
→ feature learning with gaussian restricted boltzmann machine for robust speech recognition ; in this paper , we first present a new variant of gaussian restricted boltzmann machine ( grbm ) called multivariate gaussian restricted boltzmann machine ( mgrbm ), with its definition and learning algorithm . then we propose using a learned grbm or mgrbm to extract better features for robust speech recognition . our experiments on aurora2 show that both grbm - extracted and mgrbm - extracted feature performs much better tha ←
→ the cerebellum : new computational model that reveals its primary function to calculate multibody dynamics conform to lagrange - euler formulation ; cerebellum is part of the brain that occupies only 10 % of the brain volume , but it contains about 80 % of total number of brain neurons . new cerebellar function model is developed that sets cerebellar circuits in context of multibody dynamics model computations , as important step in controlling balance and movement coordination , functions performed by two oldes ←
→ exploring cross - domain data dependencies for smart homes to improve energy efficiency ; over the past decade , the idea of smart homes has been conceived as a potential solution to counter energy crises or to at least mitigate its intensive destructive consequences in the residential building sector .←
→ cnn - slam : real - time dense monocular slam with learned depth prediction ; given the recent advances in depth prediction from convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), this paper investigates how predicted depth maps from a deep neural network can be deployed for accurate and dense monocular reconstruction . we propose a method where cnn - predicted dense depth maps are naturally fused together with depth measurements obtained from direct monocular slam . our fusion scheme privileges depth prediction in image locatio ←
→ correlation estimation from compressed images ; this paper addresses the problem of correlation estimation in sets of compressed images . we consider a framework where images are represented under the form of linear measurements due to low complexity sensing or security requirements . we assume that the images are correlated through the displacement of visual objects due to motion or viewpoint change and the correlation is effectively represented by optical flow or motion field models . the correlation is esti ←
→ inverse reinforcement learning via nonparametric spatio - temporal subgoal modeling ; recent advances in the field of inverse reinforcement learning ( irl ) have yielded sophisticated frameworks which relax the original modeling assumption that the behavior of an observed agent reflects only a single intention . instead , the demonstration data is typically divided into parts , to account for the fact that different trajectories may correspond to different intentions , e . g ., because they were generated by differe ←
→ end - to - end eye movement detection using convolutional neural networks ; common computational methods for automated eye movement detection - i . e . the task of detecting different types of eye movement in a continuous stream of gaze data - are limited in that they either involve thresholding on hand - crafted signal features , require individual detectors each only detecting a single movement , or require pre - segmented data . we propose a novel approach for eye movement detection that only involves learning a singl ←
→ delving deeper into convolutional networks for learning video representations ; we propose an approach to learn spatio - temporal features in videos from intermediate visual representations we call " percepts " using gated - recurrent - unit recurrent networks ( grus ). our method relies on percepts that are extracted from all level of a deep convolutional network trained on the large imagenet dataset . while high - level percepts contain highly discriminative information , they tend to have a low - spatial resolution . lo ←
→ worst - case vs average - case design for estimation from fixed pairwise comparisons ; pairwise comparison data arises in many domains , including tournament rankings , web search , and preference elicitation . given noisy comparisons of a fixed subset of pairs of items , we study the problem of estimating the underlying comparison probabilities under the assumption of strong stochastic transitivity ( sst ). we also consider the noisy sorting subclass of the sst model . we show that when the assignment of items to th ←
→ good debt or bad debt : detecting semantic orientations in economic texts ; the use of robo - readers to analyze news texts is an emerging technology trend in computational finance . in recent research , a substantial effort has been invested to develop sophisticated financial polarity - lexicons that can be used to investigate how financial sentiments relate to future company performance . however , based on experience from other fields , where sentiment analysis is commonly applied , it is well - known that the overal ←
→ deep feed - forward sequential memory networks for speech synthesis ; the bidirectional lstm ( blstm ) rnn based speech synthesis system is among the best parametric text - to - speech ( tts ) systems in terms of the naturalness of generated speech , especially the naturalness in prosody . however , the model complexity and inference cost of blstm prevents its usage in many runtime applications . meanwhile , deep feed - forward sequential memory networks ( dfsmn ) has shown its consistent out - performance over blstm in both wo ←
→ discovery radiomics for pathologically - proven computed tomography lung cancer prediction ; lung cancer is the leading cause for cancer related deaths . as such , there is an urgent need for a streamlined process that can allow radiologists to provide diagnosis with greater efficiency and accuracy . a powerful tool to do this is radiomics : a high - dimension imaging feature set . in this study , we take the idea of radiomics one step further by introducing the concept of discovery radiomics for lung cancer predic ←
→ nmode --- neuro - module evolution ; modularisation , repetition , and symmetry are structural features shared by almost all biological neural networks . these features are very unlikely to be found by the means of structural evolution of artificial neural networks . this paper introduces nmode , which is specifically designed to operate on neuro - modules . nmode addresses a second problem in the context of evolutionary robotics , which is incremental evolution of complex behaviours for complex machines , by offering ←
→ fd - mobilenet : improved mobilenet with a fast downsampling strategy ; we present fast - downsampling mobilenet ( fd - mobilenet ), an efficient and accurate network for very limited computational budgets ( e . g ., 10 - 140 mflops ). our key idea is applying an aggressive downsampling strategy to mobilenet framework . in fd - mobilenet , we perform 32 $\ times $ downsampling within 12 layers , only half the layers in the original mobilenet . this design brings three advantages : ( i ) it remarkably reduces the computational cost . ( i ←
→ taco : learning task decomposition via temporal alignment for control ; many advanced learning from demonstration ( lfd ) methods consider the decomposition of complex , real - world tasks into simpler sub - tasks . by reusing the corresponding sub - policies within and between tasks , they provide training data for each policy from different high - level tasks and compose them to perform novel ones . existing approaches to modular lfd focus either on learning a single high - level task or depend on domain knowledge and tem ←
→ ranking under uncertainty ; ranking objects is a simple and natural procedure for organizing data . it is often performed by assigning a quality score to each object according to its relevance to the problem at hand . ranking is widely used for object selection , when resources are limited and it is necessary to select a subset of most relevant objects for further processing . in real world situations , the object ' s scores are often calculated from noisy measurements , casting doubt on the ranking reliability . we ←
→ when computer vision gazes at cognition ; joint attention is a core , early - developing form of social interaction . it is based on our ability to discriminate the third party objects that other people are looking at . while it has been shown that people can accurately determine whether another person is looking directly at them versus away , little is known about human ability to discriminate a third person gaze directed towards objects that are further away , especially in unconstraint cases where the looker ca ←
→ sequential deep trajectory descriptor for action recognition with three - stream cnn ; learning the spatial - temporal representation of motion information is crucial to human action recognition . nevertheless , most of the existing features or descriptors cannot capture motion information effectively , especially for long - term motion . to address this problem , this paper proposes a long - term motion descriptor called sequential deep trajectory descriptor ( sdtd ). specifically , we project dense trajectories into tw ←
→ question asking as program generation ; a hallmark of human intelligence is the ability to ask rich , creative , and revealing questions . here we introduce a cognitive model capable of constructing human - like questions . our approach treats questions as formal programs that , when executed on the state of the world , output an answer . the model specifies a probability distribution over a complex , compositional space of programs , favoring concise programs that help the agent learn in the current context . we evalu ←
→ an efficient single chord - based accumulation technique ( sca ) to detect more reliable corners ; corner detection is a vital operation in numerous computer vision applications . the chord - to - point distance accumulation ( cpda ) detector is recognized as the contour - based corner detector producing the lowest localization error while localizing corners in an image . however , in our experiment part , we demonstrate that cpda detector often misses some potential corners . moreover , the detection algorithm of cpda is ←
→ evolutionary quantum logic synthesis of boolean reversible logic circuits embedded in ternary quantum space using heuristics ; it has been experimentally proven that realizing universal quantum gates using higher - radices logic is practically and technologically possible . we developed a parallel genetic algorithm that synthesizes boolean reversible circuits realized with a variety of quantum gates on qudits with various radices . in order to allow synthesizing circuits of medium sizes in the higher radix qu ←
→ multiregion bilinear convolutional neural networks for person re - identification ; in this work we propose a new architecture for person re - identification . as the task of re - identification is inherently associated with embedding learning and non - rigid appearance description , our architecture is based on the deep bilinear convolutional network ( bilinear - cnn ) that has been proposed recently for fine - grained classification of highly non - rigid objects . while the last stages of the original bilinear - cnn archite ←
→ cognitive database : a step towards endowing relational databases with artificial intelligence capabilities ; we propose cognitive databases , an approach for transparently enabling artificial intelligence ( ai ) capabilities in relational databases . a novel aspect of our design is to first view the structured data source as meaningful unstructured text , and then use the text to build an unsupervised neural network model using a natural language processing ( nlp ) technique called word embedding . this model cap ←
→ synthesizing robust plans under incomplete domain models ; most current planners assume complete domain models and focus on generating correct plans . unfortunately , domain modeling is a laborious and error - prone task . while domain experts cannot guarantee completeness , often they are able to circumscribe the incompleteness of the model by providing annotations as to which parts of the domain model may be incomplete . in such cases , the goal should be to generate plans that are robust with respect to any know ←
→ spatially aware melanoma segmentation using hybrid deep learning techniques ; in this paper , we proposed using a hybrid method that utilises deep convolutional and recurrent neural networks for accurate delineation of skin lesion of images supplied with isbi 2017 lesion segmentation challenge . the proposed method was trained using 1800 images and tested on 150 images from isbi 2017 challenge .←
→ a new family of near - metrics for universal similarity ; we propose a family of near - metrics based on local graph diffusion to capture similarity for a wide class of data sets . these quasi - metametrics , as their names suggest , dispense with one or two standard axioms of metric spaces , specifically distinguishability and symmetry , so that similarity between data points of arbitrary type and form could be measured broadly and effectively . the proposed near - metric family includes the forward k - step diffusion and ←
→ pitman - yor diffusion trees ; we introduce the pitman yor diffusion tree ( pydt ) for hierarchical clustering , a generalization of the dirichlet diffusion tree ( neal , 2001 ) which removes the restriction to binary branching structure . the generative process is described and shown to result in an exchangeable distribution over data points . we prove some theoretical properties of the model and then present two inference methods : a collapsed mcmc sampler which allows us to model uncertainty over tree structures , a ←
→ clustering to reduce spatial data set size ; traditionally it had been a problem that researchers did not have access to enough spatial data to answer pressing research questions or build compelling visualizations . today , however , the problem is often that we have too much data . spatially redundant or approximately redundant points may refer to a single feature ( plus noise ) rather than many distinct spatial features . we use a machine learning approach with density - based clustering to compress such spatial d ←
→ conditional restricted boltzmann machines for structured output prediction ; conditional restricted boltzmann machines ( crbms ) are rich probabilistic models that have recently been applied to a wide range of problems , including collaborative filtering , classification , and modeling motion capture data . while much progress has been made in training non - conditional rbms , these algorithms are not applicable to conditional models and there has been almost no work on training and generating predictions from con ←
→ towards syntactic iberian polarity classification ; lexicon - based methods using syntactic rules for polarity classification rely on parsers that are dependent on the language and on treebank guidelines . thus , rules are also dependent and require adaptation , especially in multilingual scenarios . we tackle this challenge in the context of the iberian peninsula , releasing the first symbolic syntax - based iberian system with rules shared across five official languages : basque , catalan , galician , portuguese and s ←
→ tree - structured stick breaking processes for hierarchical data ; many data are naturally modeled by an unobserved hierarchical structure . in this paper we propose a flexible nonparametric prior over unknown data hierarchies . the approach uses nested stick - breaking processes to allow for trees of unbounded width and depth , where data can live at any node and are infinitely exchangeable . one can view our model as providing infinite mixtures where the components have a dependency structure corresponding to an ←
→ skin - color based videos categorization ; on dedicated websites , people can upload videos and share it with the rest of the world . currently these videos are cat - egorized manually by the help of the user community . in this paper , we propose a combination of color spaces with the bayesian network approach for robust detection of skin color followed by an automated video categorization . exper - imental results show that our method can achieve satisfactory performance for categorizing videos based on skin color ←
→ simulated tom thumb , the rule of thumb for autonomous robots ; for a mobile robot to be truly autonomous , it must solve the simultaneous localization and mapping ( slam ) problem . we develop a new metaheuristic algorithm called simulated tom thumb ( stt ), based on the detailed adventure of the clever tom thumb and advances in researches relating to path planning based on potential functions . investigations show that it is very promising and could be seen as an optimization of the powerful solution of slam with ←
→ machine learning of hierarchical clustering to segment 2d and 3d images ; we aim to improve segmentation through the use of machine learning tools during region agglomeration . we propose an active learning approach for performing hierarchical agglomerative segmentation from superpixels . our method combines multiple features at all scales of the agglomerative process , works for data with an arbitrary number of dimensions , and scales to very large datasets . we advocate the use of variation of information to m ←
→ motion segmentation via global and local sparse subspace optimization ; in this paper , we propose a new framework for segmenting feature - based moving objects under affine subspace model . since the feature trajectories in practice are high - dimensional and contain a lot of noise , we firstly apply the sparse pca to represent the original trajectories with a low - dimensional global subspace , which consists of the orthogonal sparse principal vectors . subsequently , the local subspace separation will be achieved vi ←
→ why ' gsa : a gravitational search algorithm ' is not genuinely based on the law of gravity ; why ' gsa : a gravitational search algorithm ' is not genuinely based on the law of gravity ←
→ constrained overcomplete analysis operator learning for cosparse signal modelling ; we consider the problem of learning a low - dimensional signal model from a collection of training samples . the mainstream approach would be to learn an overcomplete dictionary to provide good approximations of the training samples using sparse synthesis coefficients . this famous sparse model has a less well known counterpart , in analysis form , called the cosparse analysis model . in this new model , signals are characterised ←
→ parameter identification of induction motor using modified particle swarm optimization algorithm ; this paper presents a new technique for induction motor parameter identification . the proposed technique is based on a simple startup test using a standard v / f inverter . the recorded startup currents are compared to that obtained by simulation of an induction motor model . a modified pso optimization is used to find out the best model parameter that minimizes the sum square error between the measured and the ←
→ egocentric activity recognition with multimodal fisher vector ; with the increasing availability of wearable devices , research on egocentric activity recognition has received much attention recently . in this paper , we build a multimodal egocentric activity dataset which includes egocentric videos and sensor data of 20 fine - grained and diverse activity categories . we present a novel strategy to extract temporal trajectory - like features from sensor data . we propose to apply the fisher kernel framework to fuse ←
→ abnormal event detection in videos using generative adversarial nets ; in this paper we address the abnormality detection problem in crowded scenes . we propose to use generative adversarial nets ( gans ), which are trained using normal frames and corresponding optical - flow images in order to learn an internal representation of the scene normality . since our gans are trained with only normal data , they are not able to generate abnormal events . at testing time the real data are compared with both the appearance ←
→ consensus - based sequence training for video captioning ; captioning models are typically trained using the cross - entropy loss . however , their performance is evaluated on other metrics designed to better correlate with human assessments . recently , it has been shown that reinforcement learning ( rl ) can directly optimize these metrics in tasks such as captioning . however , this is computationally costly and requires specifying a baseline reward at each step to make training converge . we propose a fast approach ←
→ maximizing positive opinion influence using an evidential approach ; in this paper , we propose a new data based model for influence maximization in online social networks . we use the theory of belief functions to overcome the data imperfection problem . besides , the proposed model searches to detect influencer users that adopt a positive opinion about the product , the idea , etc , to be propagated . moreover , we present some experiments to show the performance of our model .←
→ simultaneously color - depth super - resolution with conditional generative adversarial network ; recently , generative adversarial network ( gan ) has been found wide applications in style transfer , image - to - image translation and image super - resolution . in this paper , a color - depth conditional gan is proposed to concurrently resolve the problems of depth super - resolution and color super - resolution in 3d videos . firstly , given the low - resolution depth image and low - resolution color image , a generative network is ←
→ light field video capture using a learning - based hybrid imaging system ; light field cameras have many advantages over traditional cameras , as they allow the user to change various camera settings after capture . however , capturing light fields requires a huge bandwidth to record the data : a modern light field camera can only take three images per second . this prevents current consumer light field cameras from capturing light field videos . temporal interpolation at such extreme scale ( 10x , from 3 fps to 30 f ←
→ mri tumor segmentation with densely connected 3d cnn ; glioma is one of the most common and aggressive types of primary brain tumors . the accurate segmentation of subcortical brain structures is crucial to the study of gliomas in that it helps the monitoring of the progression of gliomas and aids the evaluation of treatment outcomes . however , the large amount of required human labor makes it difficult to obtain the manually segmented magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) data , limiting the use of precise quantit ←
→ a new theoretic foundation for cross - layer optimization ; cross - layer optimization solutions have been proposed in recent years to improve the performance of network users operating in a time - varying , error - prone wireless environment . however , these solutions often rely on ad - hoc optimization approaches , which ignore the different environmental dynamics experienced at various layers by a user and violate the layered network architecture of the protocol stack by requiring layers to provide access to their in ←
→ fast , dense feature sdm on an iphone ; in this paper , we present our method for enabling dense sdm to run at over 90 fps on a mobile device . our contributions are two - fold . drawing inspiration from the fft , we propose a sparse compositional regression ( scr ) framework , which enables a significant speed up over classical dense regressors . second , we propose a binary approximation to sift features . binary approximated sift ( basift ) features , which are a computationally efficient approximation to sift , a common ←
→ classifying informative and imaginative prose using complex networks ; statistical methods have been widely employed in recent years to grasp many language properties . the application of such techniques have allowed an improvement of several linguistic applications , which encompasses machine translation , automatic summarization and document classification . in the latter , many approaches have emphasized the semantical content of texts , as it is the case of bag - of - word language models . this approach has certa ←
→ an analysis of human - centered geolocation ; online social networks contain a constantly increasing amount of images - most of them focusing on people . due to cultural and climate factors , fashion trends and physical appearance of individuals differ from city to city . in this paper we investigate to what extent such cues can be exploited in order to infer the geographic location , i . e . the city , where a picture was taken . we conduct a user study , as well as an evaluation of automatic methods based on convolut ←
→ maximum correntropy unscented filter ; the unscented transformation ( ut ) is an efficient method to solve the state estimation problem for a non - linear dynamic system , utilizing a derivative - free higher - order approximation by approximating a gaussian distribution rather than approximating a non - linear function . applying the ut to a kalman filter type estimator leads to the well - known unscented kalman filter ( ukf ). although the ukf works very well in gaussian noises , its performance may deteriorate significan ←
→ a primer on neural network models for natural language processing ; over the past few years , neural networks have re - emerged as powerful machine - learning models , yielding state - of - the - art results in fields such as image recognition and speech processing . more recently , neural network models started to be applied also to textual natural language signals , again with very promising results . this tutorial surveys neural network models from the perspective of natural language processing research , in an attempt t ←
→ coordination via predictive assistants from a game - theoretic view ; we study machine learning - based assistants that support coordination between humans in congested facilities via congestion forecasts . in our theoretical analysis , we use game theory to study how an assistant ' s forecast that influences the outcome relates to nash equilibria , and how they can be reached quickly in congestion game - like settings . using information theory , we investigate approximations to given social choice functions under priv ←
→ measurement of amplitude of the moiré patterns in digital autostereoscopic 3d display ; the article presents the experimental measurements of the amplitude of the moir \' e patterns in a digital autostereoscopic barrier - type 3d display across a wide angular range with a small increment . the period and orientation of the moir \' e patterns were also measured as functions of the angle . simultaneous branches are observed and analyzed . the theoretical interpretation is also given . the results can help preventing ←
→ benchmarking nlopt and state - of - art algorithms for continuous global optimization via hybrid iaco $ _ \ mathbb { r }$ ; this paper presents a comparative analysis of the performance of the incremental ant colony algorithm for continuous optimization ($ iaco_ \ mathbb { r }$), with different algorithms provided in the nlopt library . the key objective is to understand how the various algorithms in the nlopt library perform in combination with the multi trajectory local search ( mtsls1 ) technique . a hybrid approach has be ←
→ a comparative study of removal noise from remote sensing image ; this paper attempts to undertake the study of three types of noise such as salt and pepper ( spn ), random variation impulse noise ( rvin ), speckle ( spkn ). different noise densities have been removed between 10 % to 60 % by using five types of filters as mean filter ( mf ), adaptive wiener filter ( awf ), gaussian filter ( gf ), standard median filter ( smf ) and adaptive median filter ( amf ). the same is applied to the saturn remote sensing image and they ←
→ deep learning for joint source - channel coding of text ; we consider the problem of joint source and channel coding of structured data such as natural language over a noisy channel . the typical approach to this problem in both theory and practice involves performing source coding to first compress the text and then channel coding to add robustness for the transmission across the channel . this approach is optimal in terms of minimizing end - to - end distortion with arbitrarily large block lengths of both the sou ←
→ an occluded stacked hourglass approach to facial landmark localization and occlusion estimation ; a key step to driver safety is to observe the driver ' s activities with the face being a key step in this process to extracting information such as head pose , blink rate , yawns , talking to passenger which can then help derive higher level information such as distraction , drowsiness , intent , and where they are looking . in the context of driving safety , it is important for the system perform robust estimation un ←
→ towards universal semantic tagging ; the paper proposes the task of universal semantic tagging --- tagging word tokens with language - neutral , semantically informative tags . we argue that the task , with its independent nature , contributes to better semantic analysis for wide - coverage multilingual text . we present the initial version of the semantic tagset and show that ( a ) the tags provide semantically fine - grained information , and ( b ) they are suitable for cross - lingual semantic parsing . an application of the ←
→ segmentation of skin lesions based on fuzzy classification of pixels and histogram thresholding ; this paper proposes an innovative method for segmentation of skin lesions in dermoscopy images developed by the authors , based on fuzzy classification of pixels and histogram thresholding .←
→ detecting nonlinear causality in multivariate time series with sparse additive models ; we propose a nonparametric method for detecting nonlinear causal relationship within a set of multidimensional discrete time series , by using sparse additive models ( spams ). we show that , when the input to the spam is a $\ beta $- mixing time series , the model can be fitted by first approximating each unknown function with a linear combination of a set of b - spline bases , and then solving a group - lasso - type optimization pr ←
→ efficient online bootstrapping for large scale learning ; bootstrapping is a useful technique for estimating the uncertainty of a predictor , for example , confidence intervals for prediction . it is typically used on small to moderate sized datasets , due to its high computation cost . this work describes a highly scalable online bootstrapping strategy , implemented inside vowpal wabbit , that is several times faster than traditional strategies . our experiments indicate that , in addition to providing a black box -←
→ generalized kernel - based visual tracking ; in this work we generalize the plain ms trackers and attempt to overcome standard mean shift trackers ' two limitations . it is well known that modeling and maintaining a representation of a target object is an important component of a successful visual tracker . however , little work has been done on building a robust template model for kernel - based ms tracking . in contrast to building a template from a single frame , we train a robust object representation model f ←
→ fast mcmc sampling algorithms on polytopes ; we propose and analyze two new mcmc sampling algorithms , the vaidya walk and the john walk , for generating samples from the uniform distribution over a polytope . both random walks are sampling algorithms derived from interior point methods . the former is based on volumetric - logarithmic barrier introduced by vaidya whereas the latter uses john ' s ellipsoids . we show that the vaidya walk mixes in significantly fewer steps than the logarithmic - barrier based dikin wal ←
→ towards automated high - throughput screening of c . elegans on agar ; high - throughput screening ( hts ) using model organisms is a promising method to identify a small number of genes or drugs potentially relevant to human biology or disease . in hts experiments , robots and computers do a significant portion of the experimental work . however , one remaining major bottleneck is the manual analysis of experimental results , which is commonly in the form of microscopy images . this manual inspection is labor intensive ←
→ bayesian compressive sensing using normal product priors ; in this paper , we introduce a new sparsity - promoting prior , namely , the " normal product " prior , and develop an efficient algorithm for sparse signal recovery under the bayesian framework . the normal product distribution is the distribution of a product of two normally distributed variables with zero means and possibly different variances . like other sparsity - encouraging distributions such as the student ' s $ t $- distribution , the normal product distrib ←
→ motif detection inspired by immune memory ( jors ) ; the search for patterns or motifs in data represents an area of key interest to many researchers . in this paper we present the motif tracking algorithm , a novel immune inspired pattern identification tool that is able to identify variable length unknown motifs which repeat within time series data . the algorithm searches from a neutral perspective that is independent of the data being analysed and the underlying motifs . in this paper we test the flexibility ←
→ solving verbal comprehension questions in iq test by knowledge - powered word embedding ; intelligence quotient ( iq ) test is a set of standardized questions designed to evaluate human intelligence . verbal comprehension questions appear very frequently in iq tests , which measure human ' s verbal ability including the understanding of the words with multiple senses , the synonyms and antonyms , and the analogies among words . in this work , we explore whether such tests can be solved automatically by artificial int ←
→ deep learning is effective for the classification of oct images of normal versus age - related macular degeneration ; objective : the advent of electronic medical records ( emr ) with large electronic imaging databases along with advances in deep neural networks with machine learning has provided a unique opportunity to achieve milestones in automated image analysis . optical coherence tomography ( oct ) is the most commonly obtained imaging modality in ophthalmology and represents a dense and rich dataset when c ←
→ end - to - end learning for structured prediction energy networks ; structured prediction energy networks ( spens ) are a simple , yet expressive family of structured prediction models ( belanger and mccallum , 2016 ). an energy function over candidate structured outputs is given by a deep network , and predictions are formed by gradient - based optimization . this paper presents end - to - end learning for spens , where the energy function is discriminatively trained by back - propagating through gradient - based prediction . in ←
→ every untrue label is untrue in its own way : controlling error type with the log bilinear loss ; deep learning has become the method of choice in many application domains of machine learning in recent years , especially for multi - class classification tasks . the most common loss function used in this context is the cross - entropy loss , which reduces to the log loss in the typical case when there is a single correct response label . while this loss is insensitive to the identity of the assigned class in the ca ←
→ mary astell ' s words in a serious proposal to the ladies ( part i ), a lexicographic inquiry with nooj ; in the following article we elected to study with nooj the lexis of a 17 th century text , mary astell ' s seminal essay , a serious proposal to the ladies , part i , published in 1694 . we first focused on the semantics to see how astell builds her vindication of the female sex , which words she uses to sensitise women to their alienated condition and promote their education . then we studied the morphology of th ←
→ optimal weights mixed filter for removing mixture of gaussian and impulse noises ; according to the character of gaussian , we modify the rank - ordered absolute differences ( road ) to rank - ordered absolute differences of mixture of gaussian and impulse noises ( roadg ). it will be more effective to detect impulse noise when the impulse is mixed with gaussian noise . combining rightly the roadg with optimal weights filter ( owf ), we obtain a new method to deal with the mixed noise , called optimal weights mixed fi ←
→ neural module networks ; visual question answering is fundamentally compositional in nature --- a question like " where is the dog ?" shares substructure with questions like " what color is the dog ?" and " where is the cat ?" this paper seeks to simultaneously exploit the representational capacity of deep networks and the compositional linguistic structure of questions . we describe a procedure for constructing and learning * neural module networks *, which compose collections of jointly - trained neural " modules " into ←
→ comparing methods for twitter sentiment analysis ; this work extends the set of works which deal with the popular problem of sentiment analysis in twitter . it investigates the most popular document (" tweet ") representation methods which feed sentiment evaluation mechanisms . in particular , we study the bag - of - words , n - grams and n - gram graphs approaches and for each of them we evaluate the performance of a lexicon - based and 7 learning - based classification algorithms ( namely svm , na \" ive bayesian networks , log ←
→ network trimming : a data - driven neuron pruning approach towards efficient deep architectures ; state - of - the - art neural networks are getting deeper and wider . while their performance increases with the increasing number of layers and neurons , it is crucial to design an efficient deep architecture in order to reduce computational and memory costs . designing an efficient neural network , however , is labor intensive requiring many experiments , and fine - tunings . in this paper , we introduce network trimming whic ←
→ operational calculus on programming spaces ; in this paper we develop operational calculus on programming spaces that generalizes existing approaches to automatic differentiation of computer programs and provides a rigorous framework for program analysis through calculus . we present an abstract computing machine that models automatically differentiable computer programs . computer programs are viewed as maps on a finite dimensional vector space called virtual memory space , which we extend by the tensor alg ←
→ real - time tracking based on neuromrophic vision ; real - time tracking is an important problem in computer vision in which most methods are based on the conventional cameras . neuromorphic vision is a concept defined by incorporating neuromorphic vision sensors such as silicon retinas in vision processing system . with the development of the silicon technology , asynchronous event - based silicon retinas that mimic neuro - biological architectures has been developed in recent years . in this work , we combine the visi ←
→ a sequential algorithm for training text classifiers ; the ability to cheaply train text classifiers is critical to their use in information retrieval , content analysis , natural language processing , and other tasks involving data which is partly or fully textual . an algorithm for sequential sampling during machine learning of statistical classifiers was developed and tested on a newswire text categorization task . this method , which we call uncertainty sampling , reduced by as much as 500 - fold the amount of t ←
→ conversational recommendation system with unsupervised learning ; we will demonstrate a conversational products recommendation agent . this system shows how we combine research in personalized recommendation systems with research in dialogue systems to build a virtual sales agent . based on new deep learning technologies we developed , the virtual agent is capable of learning how to interact with users , how to answer user questions , what is the next question to ask , and what to recommend when chatting with a h ←
→ posetrack : a benchmark for human pose estimation and tracking ; human poses and motions are important cues for analysis of videos with people and there is strong evidence that representations based on body pose are highly effective for a variety of tasks such as activity recognition , content retrieval and social signal processing . in this work , we aim to further advance the state of the art by establishing " posetrack " , a new large - scale benchmark for video - based human pose estimation and articulated tracki ←
→ signal recovery in unions of subspaces with applications to compressive imaging ; in applications ranging from communications to genetics , signals can be modeled as lying in a union of subspaces . under this model , signal coefficients that lie in certain subspaces are active or inactive together . the potential subspaces are known in advance , but the particular set of subspaces that are active ( i . e ., in the signal support ) must be learned from measurements . we show that exploiting knowledge of subspaces can ←
→ symplectomorphic registration with phase space regularization by entropy spectrum pathways ; the ability to register image data to a common coordinate system is a critical feature of virtually all imaging studies that require multiple subject analysis , combining single subject data from multiple modalities , or both . however , in spite of the abundance of literature on the subject and the existence of several variants of registration algorithms , their practical utility remains problematic , as commonly ackno ←
→ on translation invariant kernels and screw functions ; we explore the connection between hilbertian metrics and positive definite kernels on the real line . in particular , we look at a well - known characterization of translation invariant hilbertian metrics on the real line by von neumann and schoenberg ( 1941 ). using this result we are able to give an alternate proof of bochner ' s theorem for translation invariant positive definite kernels on the real line ( rudin , 1962 ).←
→ towards the design of prospect - theory based human decision rules for hypothesis testing ; detection rules have traditionally been designed for rational agents that minimize the bayes risk ( average decision cost ). with the advent of crowd - sensing systems , there is a need to redesign binary hypothesis testing rules for behavioral agents , whose cognitive behavior is not captured by traditional utility functions such as bayes risk . in this paper , we adopt prospect theory based models for decision makers . we c ←
→ deep learning with sets and point clouds ; we introduce a simple permutation equivariant layer for deep learning with set structure . this type of layer , obtained by parameter - sharing , has a simple implementation and linear - time complexity in the size of each set . we use deep permutation - invariant networks to perform point - could classification and mnist - digit summation , where in both cases the output is invariant to permutations of the input . in a semi - supervised setting , where the goal is make predictions fo ←
→ a probabilistic graphical model approach in 30 m land cover mapping with multiple data sources ; there is a trend to acquire high accuracy land - cover maps using multi - source classification methods , most of which are based on data fusion , especially pixel - or feature - level fusions . a probabilistic graphical model ( pgm ) approach is proposed in this research for 30 m resolution land - cover mapping with multi - temporal landsat and moderate resolution imaging spectroradiometer ( modis ) data . independent classifie ←
→ a binary schema and computational algorithms to process vowel - based euphonic conjunctions for word searches ; comprehensively searching for words in sanskrit e - text is a non - trivial problem because words could change their forms in different contexts . one such context is sandhi or euphonic conjunctions , which cause a word to change owing to the presence of adjacent letters or words . the change wrought by these possible conjunctions can be so significant in sanskrit that a simple search for the word in its ←
→ a fast hog descriptor using lookup table and integral image ; the histogram of oriented gradients ( hog ) is a widely used feature descriptor in computer vision for the purpose of object detection . in the paper , a modified hog descriptor is described , it uses a lookup table and the method of integral image to speed up the detection performance by a factor of 5 ~ 10 . by exploiting the special hardware features of a given platform ( e . g . a digital signal processor ), further improvement can be made to the hog descri ←
→ making the v in vqa matter : elevating the role of image understanding in visual question answering ; problems at the intersection of vision and language are of significant importance both as challenging research questions and for the rich set of applications they enable . however , inherent structure in our world and bias in our language tend to be a simpler signal for learning than visual modalities , resulting in models that ignore visual information , leading to an inflated sense of their capability . we ←
→ modelling , measuring and compensating color weak vision ; we use methods from riemann geometry to investigate transformations between the color spaces of color - normal and color weak observers . the two main applications are the simulation of the perception of a color weak observer for a color normal observer and the compensation of color images in a way that a color weak observer has approximately the same perception as a color normal observer . the metrics in the color spaces of interest are characterized wi ←
→ minimally supervised feature selection for classification ( master ' s thesis , university politehnica of bucharest ) ; in the context of the highly increasing number of features that are available nowadays we design a robust and fast method for feature selection . the method tries to select the most representative features that are independent from each other , but are strong together . we propose an algorithm that requires very limited labeled data ( as few as one labeled frame per class ) and can accommodate as ←
→ self - calibrating neural networks for dimensionality reduction ; recently , a novel family of biologically plausible online algorithms for reducing the dimensionality of streaming data has been derived from the similarity matching principle . in these algorithms , the number of output dimensions can be determined adaptively by thresholding the singular values of the input data matrix . however , setting such threshold requires knowing the magnitude of the desired singular values in advance . here we propose online ←
→ word segmentation on micro - blog texts with external lexicon and heterogeneous data ; this paper describes our system designed for the nlpcc 2016 shared task on word segmentation on micro - blog texts .←
→ a common - factor approach for multivariate data cleaning with an application to mars phoenix mission data ; data quality is fundamentally important to ensure the reliability of data for stakeholders to make decisions . in real world applications , such as scientific exploration of extreme environments , it is unrealistic to require raw data collected to be perfect . as data miners , when it is infeasible to physically know the why and the how in order to clean up the data , we propose to seek the intrinsic struc ←
→ content based document recommender using deep learning ; with the recent advancements in information technology there has been a huge surge in amount of data available . but information retrieval technology has not been able to keep up with this pace of information generation resulting in over spending of time for retrieving relevant information . even though systems exist for assisting users to search a database along with filtering and recommending relevant information , but recommendation system which uses ←
→ building an ellipsis - aware chinese dependency treebank for web text ; web 2 . 0 has brought with it numerous user - produced data revealing one ' s thoughts , experiences , and knowledge , which are a great source for many tasks , such as information extraction , and knowledge base construction . however , the colloquial nature of the texts poses new challenges for current natural language processing techniques , which are more adapt to the formal form of the language . ellipsis is a common linguistic phenomenon that some ←
→ sequence - level knowledge distillation ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) offers a novel alternative formulation of translation that is potentially simpler than statistical approaches . however to reach competitive performance , nmt models need to be exceedingly large . in this paper we consider applying knowledge distillation approaches ( bucila et al ., 2006 ; hinton et al ., 2015 ) that have proven successful for reducing the size of neural models in other domains to the problem of nmt . we demonstrate that standa ←
→ belief decision support and reject for textured images characterization ; the textured images ' classification assumes to consider the images in terms of area with the same texture . in uncertain environment , it could be better to take an imprecise decision or to reject the area corresponding to an unlearning class . moreover , on the areas that are the classification units , we can have more than one texture . these considerations allows us to develop a belief decision model permitting to reject an area as unlea ←
→ wordrank : learning word embeddings via robust ranking ; embedding words in a vector space has gained a lot of attention in recent years . while state - of - the - art methods provide efficient computation of word similarities via a low - dimensional matrix embedding , their motivation is often left unclear . in this paper , we argue that word embedding can be naturally viewed as a ranking problem due to the ranking nature of the evaluation metrics . then , based on this insight , we propose a novel framework wordrank that ←
→ gender aware spoken language translation applied to english - arabic ; spoken language translation ( slt ) is becoming more widely used and becoming a communication tool that helps in crossing language barriers . one of the challenges of slt is the translation from a language without gender agreement to a language with gender agreement such as english to arabic . in this paper , we introduce an approach to tackle such limitation by enabling a neural machine translation system to produce gender - aware translation . w ←
→ selective - candidate framework with similarity selection rule for evolutionary optimization ; this paper proposes to resolve limitations of the traditional one - reproduction ( or ) framework which produces only one candidate in a single reproduction procedure . a selective - candidate framework with similarity selection rule ( scss ) is suggested to make possible , a selective direction of search . in the scss framework , m ( m > 1 ) candidates are generated from each current solution by independently conducting the re ←
→ built - in foreground / background prior for weakly - supervised semantic segmentation ; pixel - level annotations are expensive and time consuming to obtain . hence , weak supervision using only image tags could have a significant impact in semantic segmentation . recently , cnn - based methods have proposed to fine - tune pre - trained networks using image tags . without additional information , this leads to poor localization accuracy . this problem , however , was alleviated by making use of objectness priors to generate fo ←
→ learning onto - relational rules with inductive logic programming ; rules complement and extend ontologies on the semantic web . we refer to these rules as onto - relational since they combine dl - based ontology languages and knowledge representation formalisms supporting the relational data model within the tradition of logic programming and deductive databases . rule authoring is a very demanding knowledge engineering task which can be automated though partially by applying machine learning algorithms . in this c ←
→ axiomatic foundations for a class of generalized expected utility : algebraic expected utility ; expected utility : algebraic expected utility in this paper , we provide two axiomatizations of algebraic expected utility , which is a particular generalized expected utility , in a von neumann - morgenstern setting , i . e . uncertainty representation is supposed to be given and here to be described by a plausibility measure valued on a semiring , which could be partially ordered . we show that axioms identical to those ←
→ density - wise two stage mammogram classification using texture exploiting descriptors ; breast cancer is becoming pervasive with each passing day . hence , its early detection is a big step in saving the life of any patient . mammography is a common tool in breast cancer diagnosis . the most important step here is classification of mammogram patches as normal - abnormal and benign - malignant . texture of a breast in a mammogram patch plays a significant role in these classifications . we propose a variation of hi ←
→ uniform information segmentation ; size uniformity is one of the main criteria of superpixel methods . but size uniformity rarely conforms to the varying content of an image . the chosen size of the superpixels therefore represents a compromise - how to obtain the fewest superpixels without losing too much important detail . we propose that a more appropriate criterion for creating image segments is information uniformity . we introduce a novel method for segmenting an image based on this criterion . since infor ←
→ a light sliding - window part - of - speech tagger for the apertium free / open - source machine translation platform ; this paper describes a free / open - source implementation of the light sliding - window ( lsw ) part - of - speech tagger for the apertium free / open - source machine translation platform . firstly , the mechanism and training process of the tagger are reviewed , and a new method for incorporating linguistic rules is proposed . secondly , experiments are conducted to compare the performances of the tagger under diff ←
→ interactive learning from multiple noisy labels ; interactive learning is a process in which a machine learning algorithm is provided with meaningful , well - chosen examples as opposed to randomly chosen examples typical in standard supervised learning . in this paper , we propose a new method for interactive learning from multiple noisy labels where we exploit the disagreement among annotators to quantify the easiness ( or meaningfulness ) of an example . we demonstrate the usefulness of this method in estimating ←
→ alpprolog --- a new logic programming method for dynamic domains ; logic programming is a powerful paradigm for programming autonomous agents in dynamic domains , as witnessed by languages such as golog and flux . in this work we present alpprolog , an expressive , yet efficient , logic programming language for the online control of agents that have to reason about incomplete information and sensing actions .←
→ integrating conflict driven clause learning to local search ; this article introduces sathys ( sat hybrid solver ), a novel hybrid approach for propositional satisfiability . it combines local search and conflict driven clause learning ( cdcl ) scheme . each time the local search part reaches a local minimum , the cdcl is launched . for sat problems it behaves like a tabu list , whereas for unsat ones , the cdcl part tries to focus on minimum unsatisfiable sub - formula ( mus ). experimental results show good performance ←
→ information projection and approximate inference for structured sparse variables ; approximate inference via information projection has been recently introduced as a general - purpose approach for efficient probabilistic inference given sparse variables . this manuscript goes beyond classical sparsity by proposing efficient algorithms for approximate inference via information projection that are applicable to any structure on the set of variables that admits enumeration using a \ emph { matroid }. we show that t ←
→ shallow reading with deep learning : predicting popularity of online content using only its title ; with the ever decreasing attention span of contemporary internet users , the title of online content ( such as a news article or video ) can be a major factor in determining its popularity . to take advantage of this phenomenon , we propose a new method based on a bidirectional long short - term memory ( lstm ) neural network designed to predict the popularity of online content using only its title . we evaluate the p ←
→ post selection inference with incomplete maximum mean discrepancy estimator ; measuring divergence between two distributions is essential in machine learning and statistics and has various applications including binary classification , change point detection , and two - sample test . furthermore , in the era of big data , designing divergence measure that is interpretable and can handle high - dimensional and complex data becomes extremely important . in the paper , we propose a post selection inference ( psi ) framew ←
→ gradient driven learning for pooling in visual pipeline feature extraction models ; hyper - parameter selection remains a daunting task when building a pattern recognition architecture which performs well , particularly in recently constructed visual pipeline models for feature extraction . we re - formulate pooling in an existing pipeline as a function of adjustable pooling map weight parameters and propose the use of supervised error signals from gradient descent to tune the established maps within the model .←
→ a software - equivalent snn hardware using rram - array for asynchronous real - time learning ; spiking neural network ( snn ) naturally inspires hardware implementation as it is based on biology . for learning , spike time dependent plasticity ( stdp ) may be implemented using an energy efficient waveform superposition on memristor based synapse . however , system level implementation has three challenges . first , a classic dilemma is that recognition requires current reading for short voltage $-$ spikes which is disturb ←
→ gpu acclerated automated feature extraction from satellite images ; the availability of large volumes of remote sensing data insists on higher degree of automation in feature extraction , making it a need of the hour . the huge quantum of data that needs to be processed entails accelerated processing to be enabled . gpus , which were originally designed to provide efficient visualization , are being massively employed for computation intensive parallel processing environments . image processing in general and hence ←
→ adaptive matching pursuit for sparse signal recovery ; spike and slab priors have been of much recent interest in signal processing as a means of inducing sparsity in bayesian inference . applications domains that benefit from the use of these priors include sparse recovery , regression and classification . it is well - known that solving for the sparse coefficient vector to maximize these priors results in a hard non - convex and mixed integer programming problem . most existing solutions to this optimization prob ←
→ what makes a place ? building bespoke place dependent object detectors for robotics ; this paper is about enabling robots to improve their perceptual performance through repeated use in their operating environment , creating local expert detectors fitted to the places through which a robot moves . we leverage the concept of ' experiences ' in visual perception for robotics , accounting for bias in the data a robot sees by fitting object detector models to a particular place . the key question we seek to answer i ←
→ a new space for comparing graphs ; finding a new mathematical representations for graph , which allows direct comparison between different graph structures , is an open - ended research direction . having such a representation is the first prerequisite for a variety of machine learning algorithms like classification , clustering , etc ., over graph datasets . in this paper , we propose a symmetric positive semidefinite matrix with the $( i , j )$-{ th } entry equal to the covariance between normalized vectors $ a ^ ie $ and $ a ←
→ efficiently sampling multiplicative attribute graphs using a ball - dropping process ; we introduce a novel and efficient sampling algorithm for the multiplicative attribute graph model ( magm - kim and leskovec ( 2010 )}). our algorithm is \ emph { strictly } more efficient than the algorithm proposed by yun and vishwanathan ( 2012 ), in the sense that our method extends the \ emph { best } time complexity guarantee of their algorithm to a larger fraction of parameter space . both in theory and in empirical evaluation o ←
→ robust statistical ranking : theory and algorithms ; deeply rooted in classical social choice and voting theory , statistical ranking with paired comparison data experienced its renaissance with the wide spread of crowdsourcing technique . as the data quality might be significantly damaged in an uncontrolled crowdsourcing environment , outlier detection and robust ranking have become a hot topic in such data analysis . in this paper , we propose a robust ranking framework based on the principle of huber ' s robust ←
→ automatic compositor attribution in the first folio of shakespeare ; compositor attribution , the clustering of pages in a historical printed document by the individual who set the type , is a bibliographic task that relies on analysis of orthographic variation and inspection of visual details of the printed page . in this paper , we introduce a novel unsupervised model that jointly describes the textual and visual features needed to distinguish compositors . applied to images of shakespeare ' s first folio , our m ←
→ an evolved neural controller for bipdedal walking with dynamic balance ; we successfully evolved a neural network controller that produces dynamic walking in a simulated bipedal robot with compliant actuators , a difficult control problem . the evolutionary evaluation uses a detailed software simulation of a physical robot . we describe : 1 ) a novel theoretical method to encourage populations to evolve " around " local optima , which employs multiple demes and fitness functions of progressively increasing difficul ←
→ edge direction matrixes - based local binar patterns descriptor for shape pattern recognition ; shapes and texture image recognition usage is an essential branch of pattern recognition . it is made up of techniques that aim at extracting information from images via human knowledge and works . local binary pattern ( lbp ) ensures encoding global and local information and scaling invariance by introducing a look - up table to reflect the uniformity structure of an object . however , edge direction matrixes ( edms ) onl ←
→ towards characterizing markov equivalence classes for directed acyclic graphs with latent variables ; it is well known that there may be many causal explanations that are consistent with a given set of data . recent work has been done to represent the common aspects of these explanations into one representation . in this paper , we address what is less well known : how do the relationships common to every causal explanation among the observed variables of some dag process change in the presence of latent vari ←
→ revisiting differentially private linear regression : optimal and adaptive prediction & estimation in unbounded domain ; we revisit the problem of linear regression under a differential privacy constraint . by consolidating existing pieces in the literature , we clarify the correct dependence of the feature , label and coefficient domain in the optimization error and estimation error , hence revealing the delicate price of differential privacy in statistical estimation and statistical learning . moreover , we pr ←
→ dizzyrnn : reparameterizing recurrent neural networks for norm - preserving backpropagation ; the vanishing and exploding gradient problems are well - studied obstacles that make it difficult for recurrent neural networks to learn long - term time dependencies . we propose a reparameterization of standard recurrent neural networks to update linear transformations in a provably norm - preserving way through givens rotations . additionally , we use the absolute value function as an element - wise non - linearity to preserv ←
→ sketched answer set programming ; answer set programming ( asp ) is a powerful modeling formalism for combinatorial problems . however , writing asp models is not trivial . we propose a novel method , called sketched answer set programming ( skasp ), aiming at supporting the user in resolving this issue . the user writes an asp program while marking uncertain parts open with question marks . in addition , the user provides a number of positive and negative examples of the desired program behaviour . the sketched model ←
→ novel bernstein - like concentration inequalities for the missing mass ; we are concerned with obtaining novel concentration inequalities for the missing mass , i . e . the total probability mass of the outcomes not observed in the sample . we not only derive - for the first time - distribution - free bernstein - like deviation bounds with sublinear exponents in deviation size for missing mass , but also improve the results of mcallester and ortiz ( 2003 ) andberend and kontorovich ( 2013 , 2012 ) for small deviations which ←
→ eant - miner : an ensemble ant - miner to improve the aco classification ; ant colony optimization ( aco ) has been applied in supervised learning in order to induce classification rules as well as decision trees , named ant - miners . although these are competitive classifiers , the stability of these classifiers is an important concern that owes to their stochastic nature . in this paper , to address this issue , an acclaimed machine learning technique named , ensemble of classifiers is applied , where an aco classifier ←
→ distinguishing cause from effect using observational data : methods and benchmarks ; the discovery of causal relationships from purely observational data is a fundamental problem in science . the most elementary form of such a causal discovery problem is to decide whether x causes y or , alternatively , y causes x , given joint observations of two variables x , y . an example is to decide whether altitude causes temperature , or vice versa , given only joint measurements of both variables . even under the simplifyi ←
→ learning to score olympic events ; estimating action quality , the process of assigning a " score " to the execution of an action , is crucial in areas such as sports and health care . unlike action recognition , which has millions of examples to learn from , the action quality datasets that are currently available are small -- typically comprised of only a few hundred samples . this work presents three frameworks for evaluating olympic sports which utilize spatiotemporal features learned using 3d convolutional neu ←
→ a new method for knowledge representation in expert system ' s ( xmlkr ) ; knowledge representation it is an essential section of a expert systems , because in this section we have a framework to establish an expert system then we can modeling and use by this to design an expert system . many method it is exist for knowledge representation but each method have problems , in this paper we introduce a new method of object oriented by xml language as xmlkr to knowledge representation , and we want to discuss advantage ←
→ generating chinese classical poems with rnn encoder - decoder ; we take the generation of chinese classical poem lines as a sequence - to - sequence learning problem , and build a novel system based on the rnn encoder - decoder structure to generate quatrains ( jueju in chinese ), with a topic word as input . our system can jointly learn semantic meaning within a single line , semantic relevance among lines in a poem , and the use of structural , rhythmical and tonal patterns , without utilizing any constraint templates . e ←
→ on granular knowledge structures ; knowledge plays a central role in human and artificial intelligence . one of the key characteristics of knowledge is its structured organization . knowledge can be and should be presented in multiple levels and multiple views to meet people ' s needs in different levels of granularities and from different perspectives . in this paper , we stand on the view point of granular computing and provide our understanding on multi - level and multi - view of knowledge through granular knowle ←
→ evolutionary approaches to optimization problems in chimera topologies ; chimera graphs define the topology of one of the first commercially available quantum computers . a variety of optimization problems have been mapped to this topology to evaluate the behavior of quantum enhanced optimization heuristics in relation to other optimizers , being able to efficiently solve problems classically to use them as benchmarks for quantum machines . in this paper we investigate for the first time the use of evolutionar ←
→ policy improvement for pomdps using normalized importance sampling ; we present a new method for estimating the expected return of a pomdp from experience . the method does not assume any knowledge of the pomdp and allows the experience to be gathered from an arbitrary sequence of policies . the return is estimated for any new policy of the pomdp . we motivate the estimator from function - approximation and importance sampling points - of - view and derive its theoretical properties . although the estimator is biased ←
→ splash : user - friendly programming interface for parallelizing stochastic algorithms ; stochastic algorithms are efficient approaches to solving machine learning and optimization problems . in this paper , we propose a general framework called splash for parallelizing stochastic algorithms on multi - node distributed systems . splash consists of a programming interface and an execution engine . using the programming interface , the user develops sequential stochastic algorithms without concerning any detail about ←
→ efficient parallel learning of word2vec ; since its introduction , word2vec and its variants are widely used to learn semantics - preserving representations of words or entities in an embedding space , which can be used to produce state - of - art results for various natural language processing tasks . existing implementations aim to learn efficiently by running multiple threads in parallel while operating on a single model in shared memory , ignoring incidental memory update collisions . we show that these collisions ←
→ tandemnet : distilling knowledge from medical images using diagnostic reports as optional semantic references ; in this paper , we introduce the semantic knowledge of medical images from their diagnostic reports to provide an inspirational network training and an interpretable prediction mechanism with our proposed novel multimodal neural network , namely tandemnet . inside tandemnet , a language model is used to represent report text , which cooperates with the image model in a tandem scheme . we propose a nove ←
→ compressive online robust principal component analysis with optical flow for video foreground - background separation ; in the context of online robust principle component analysis ( rpca ) for the video foreground - background separation , we propose a compressive online rpca with optical flow that separates recursively a sequence of frames into sparse ( foreground ) and low - rank ( background ) components . our method considers a small set of measurements taken per data vector ( frame ), which is different from conven ←
→ anytime coalition structure generation with worst case guarantees ; coalition formation is a key topic in multiagent systems . one would prefer a coalition structure that maximizes the sum of the values of the coalitions , but often the number of coalition structures is too large to allow exhaustive search for the optimal one . but then , can the coalition structure found via a partial search be guaranteed to be within a bound from optimum ? we show that none of the previous coalition structure generation algori ←
→ multi - view constrained clustering with an incomplete mapping between views ; multi - view learning algorithms typically assume a complete bipartite mapping between the different views in order to exchange information during the learning process . however , many applications provide only a partial mapping between the views , creating a challenge for current methods . to address this problem , we propose a multi - view algorithm based on constrained clustering that can operate with an incomplete mapping . given a set ←
→ light source point cluster selection based atmosphere light estimation ; atmosphere light value is a highly critical parameter in defogging algorithms that are based on an atmosphere scattering model . any error in atmosphere light value will produce a direct impact on the accuracy of scattering computation and thus bring chromatic distortion to restored images . to address this problem , this paper propose a method that relies on clustering statistics to estimate atmosphere light value . it starts by selecting ←
→ loss - aware weight quantization of deep networks ; the huge size of deep networks hinders their use in small computing devices . in this paper , we consider compressing the network by weight quantization . we extend a recently proposed loss - aware weight binarization scheme to ternarization , with possibly different scaling parameters for the positive and negative weights , and m - bit ( where m > 2 ) quantization . experiments on feedforward and recurrent neural networks show that the proposed scheme outperforms state ←
→ optimal learning for sequential decision making for expensive cost functions with stochastic binary feedbacks ; we consider the problem of sequentially making decisions that are rewarded by " successes " and " failures " which can be predicted through an unknown relationship that depends on a partially controllable vector of attributes for each instance . the learner takes an active role in selecting samples from the instance pool . the goal is to maximize the probability of success in either offline ( training )←
→ diverse embedding neural network language models ; we propose diverse embedding neural network ( denn ), a novel architecture for language models ( lms ). a dennlm projects the input word history vector onto multiple diverse low - dimensional sub - spaces instead of a single higher - dimensional sub - space as in conventional feed - forward neural network lms . we encourage these sub - spaces to be diverse during network training through an augmented loss function . our language modeling experiments on the penn treebank data ←
→ low - rank optimization with convex constraints ; the problem of low - rank approximation with convex constraints , which appears in data analysis , system identification , model order reduction , low - order controller design and low - complexity modelling is considered . given a matrix , the objective is to find a low - rank approximation that meets rank and convex constraints , while minimizing the distance to the matrix in the squared frobenius norm . in many situations , this non - convex problem is convexified by nuclear ←
→ large margin nearest neighbor classification using curved mahalanobis distances ; we consider the supervised classification problem of machine learning in cayley - klein projective geometries : we show how to learn a curved mahalanobis metric distance corresponding to either the hyperbolic geometry or the elliptic geometry using the large margin nearest neighbor ( lmnn ) framework . we report on our experimental results , and further consider the case of learning a mixed curved mahalanobis distance . besides , we ←
→ the data replication method for the classification with reject option ; classification is one of the most important tasks of machine learning . although the most well studied model is the two - class problem , in many scenarios there is the opportunity to label critical items for manual revision , instead of trying to automatically classify every item . in this paper we adapt a paradigm initially proposed for the classification of ordinal data to address the classification problem with reject option . the techniqu ←
→ a spatial and temporal non - local filter based data fusion ; the trade - off in remote sensing instruments that balances the spatial resolution and temporal frequency limits our capacity to monitor spatial and temporal dynamics effectively . the spatiotemporal data fusion technique is considered as a cost - effective way to obtain remote sensing data with both high spatial resolution and high temporal frequency , by blending observations from multiple sensors with different advantages or characteristics . in this p ←
→ reasoning under uncertainty : some monte carlo results ; a series of monte carlo studies were performed to compare the behavior of some alternative procedures for reasoning under uncertainty . the behavior of several bayesian , linear model and default reasoning procedures were examined in the context of increasing levels of calibration error . the most interesting result is that bayesian procedures tended to output more extreme posterior belief values ( posterior beliefs near 0 . 0 or 1 . 0 ) than other techniques , ←
→ temporal non - volume preserving approach to facial age - progression and age - invariant face recognition ; modeling the long - term facial aging process is extremely challenging due to the presence of large and non - linear variations during the face development stages . in order to efficiently address the problem , this work first decomposes the aging process into multiple short - term stages . then , a novel generative probabilistic model , named temporal non - volume preserving ( tnvp ) transformation , is presented to mo ←
→ confidence factors , empiricism and the dempster - shafer theory of evidence ; the issue of confidence factors in knowledge based systems has become increasingly important and dempster - shafer ( ds ) theory has become increasingly popular as a basis for these factors . this paper discusses the need for an empirical lnterpretatlon of any theory of confidence factors applied to knowledge based systems and describes an empirical lnterpretatlon of ds theory suggesting that the theory has been extensively misinterpre ←
→ group leaders optimization algorithm ; we present a new global optimization algorithm in which the influence of the leaders in social groups is used as an inspiration for the evolutionary technique which is designed into a group architecture . to demonstrate the efficiency of the method , a standard suite of single and multidimensional optimization functions along with the energies and the geometric structures of lennard - jones clusters are given as well as the application of the algorithm on quantum circuit d ←
→ investigating reinforcement learning agents for continuous state space environments ; given an environment with continuous state spaces and discrete actions , we investigate using a double deep q - learning reinforcement agent to find optimal policies using the lunarlander - v2 openai gym environment .←
→ convolutional neural networks for toxic comment classification ; flood of information is produced in a daily basis through the global internet usage arising from the on - line interactive communications among users . while this situation contributes significantly to the quality of human life , unfortunately it involves enormous dangers , since on - line texts with high toxicity can cause personal attacks , on - line harassment and bullying behaviors . this has triggered both industrial and research community in the la ←
→ on the definition of shape parts : a dominant sets approach ; in the present paper a novel graph - based approach to the shape decomposition problem is addressed . the shape is appropriately transformed into a visibility graph enriched with local neighborhood information . a two - step diffusion process is then applied to the visibility graph that efficiently enhances the information provided , thus leading to a more robust and meaningful graph construction . inspired by the notion of a clique as a strict cluster de ←
→ a deep generative model for single - cell rna sequencing with application to detecting differentially expressed genes ; we propose a probabilistic model for interpreting gene expression levels that are observed through single - cell rna sequencing . in the model , each cell has a low - dimensional latent representation . additional latent variables account for technical effects that may erroneously set some observations of gene expression levels to zero . conditional distributions are specified by neural networks , ←
→ parallel gaussian process regression for big data : low - rank representation meets markov approximation ; the expressive power of a gaussian process ( gp ) model comes at a cost of poor scalability in the data size . to improve its scalability , this paper presents a low - rank - cum - markov approximation ( lma ) of the gp model that is novel in leveraging the dual computational advantages stemming from complementing a low - rank approximate representation of the full - rank gp based on a support set of inputs with a mark ←
→ fractional calculus in image processing : a review ; over the last decade , it has been demonstrated that many systems in science and engineering can be modeled more accurately by fractional - order than integer - order derivatives , and many methods are developed to solve the problem of fractional systems . due to the extra free parameter order , fractional - order based methods provide additional degree of freedom in optimization performance . not surprisingly , many fractional - order based methods have been used in im ←
→ fast and efficient skin detection for facial detection ; in this paper , an efficient skin detection system is proposed . the algorithm is based on a very fast efficient pre - processing step utilizing the concept of ternary conversion in order to identify candidate windows and subsequently , a novel local two - stage diffusion method which has f - score accuracy of 0 . 5978 on sdd dataset . the pre - processing step has been proven to be useful to boost the speed of the system by eliminating 82 % of an image in average . ←
→ deep mimo detection ; in this paper , we consider the use of deep neural networks in the context of multiple - input - multiple - output ( mimo ) detection . we give a brief introduction to deep learning and propose a modern neural network architecture suitable for this detection task . first , we consider the case in which the mimo channel is constant , and we learn a detector for a specific system . next , we consider the harder case in which the parameters are known yet changing and a single detector must be learned fo ←
→ the infinite degree corrected stochastic block model ; in stochastic blockmodels , which are among the most prominent statistical models for cluster analysis of complex networks , clusters are defined as groups of nodes with statistically similar link probabilities within and between groups . a recent extension by karrer and newman incorporates a node degree correction to model degree heterogeneity within each group . although this demonstrably leads to better performance on several networks it is not obvious w ←
→ a temporally - aware interpolation network for video frame inpainting ; we propose the first deep learning solution to video frame inpainting , a challenging instance of the general video inpainting problem with applications in video editing , manipulation , and forensics . our task is less ambiguous than frame interpolation and video prediction because we have access to both the temporal context and a partial glimpse of the future , allowing us to better evaluate the quality of a model ' s predictions objectively . ←
→ handling uncertainties in svm classification ; this paper addresses the pattern classification problem arising when available target data include some uncertainty information . target data considered here is either qualitative ( a class label ) or quantitative ( an estimation of the posterior probability ). our main contribution is a svm inspired formulation of this problem allowing to take into account class label through a hinge loss as well as probability estimates using epsilon - insensitive cost function toge ←
→ rethinking the inception architecture for computer vision ; convolutional networks are at the core of most state - of - the - art computer vision solutions for a wide variety of tasks . since 2014 very deep convolutional networks started to become mainstream , yielding substantial gains in various benchmarks . although increased model size and computational cost tend to translate to immediate quality gains for most tasks ( as long as enough labeled data is provided for training ), computational efficiency and low para ←
→ langevin dynamics with continuous tempering for training deep neural networks ; minimizing non - convex and high - dimensional objective functions is challenging , especially when training modern deep neural networks . in this paper , a novel approach is proposed which divides the training process into two consecutive phases to obtain better generalization performance : bayesian sampling and stochastic optimization . the first phase is to explore the energy landscape and to capture the " fat " modes ; and the second ←
→ high level pattern classification via tourist walks in networks ; complex networks refer to large - scale graphs with nontrivial connection patterns . the salient and interesting features that the complex network study offer in comparison to graph theory are the emphasis on the dynamical properties of the networks and the ability of inherently uncovering pattern formation of the vertices . in this paper , we present a hybrid data classification technique combining a low level and a high level classifier . the low ←
→ creating a live , public short message service corpus : the nus sms corpus ; short message service ( sms ) messages are largely sent directly from one person to another from their mobile phones . they represent a means of personal communication that is an important communicative artifact in our current digital era . as most existing studies have used private access to sms corpora , comparative studies using the same raw sms data has not been possible up to now . we describe our efforts to collect a public sms corpu ←
→ image compression and watermarking scheme using scalar quantization ; this paper presents a new compression technique and image watermarking algorithm based on contourlet transform ( ct ). for image compression , an energy based quantization is used . scalar quantization is explored for image watermarking . double filter bank structure is used in ct . the laplacian pyramid ( lp ) is used to capture the point discontinuities , and then followed by a directional filter bank ( dfb ) to link point discontinuities . the coe ←
→ information processing by nonlinear phase dynamics in locally connected arrays ; research toward powerful information processing systems that circumvent the interconnect bottleneck by exploiting the nonlinear evolution of multiple phase dynamics in locally connected arrays is discussed . we focus on a scheme in which logic states are defined by the electrical phase of a dynamic process and information processing is realized through interactions between the elements in the array . simulation results are give ←
→ recursion in rdf data shape languages ; an rdf data shape is a description of the expected contents of an rdf document ( aka graph ) or dataset . a major part of this description is the set of constraints that the document or dataset is required to satisfy . w3c recently ( 2014 ) chartered the rdf data shapes working group to define shacl , a standard rdf data shape language . we refer to the ability to name and reference shape language elements as recursion . this article provides a precise definition of the meanin ←
→ improving facial analysis and performance driven animation through disentangling identity and expression ; we present techniques for improving performance driven facial animation , emotion recognition , and facial key - point or landmark prediction using learned identity invariant representations . established approaches to these problems can work well if sufficient examples and labels for a particular identity are available and factors of variation are highly controlled . however , labeled examples of facial ex ←
→ visual semantic planning using deep successor representations ; a crucial capability of real - world intelligent agents is their ability to plan a sequence of actions to achieve their goals in the visual world . in this work , we address the problem of visual semantic planning : the task of predicting a sequence of actions from visual observations that transform a dynamic environment from an initial state to a goal state . doing so entails knowledge about objects and their affordances , as well as actions and thei ←
→ mec : memory - efficient convolution for deep neural network ; convolution is a critical component in modern deep neural networks , thus several algorithms for convolution have been developed . direct convolution is simple but suffers from poor performance . as an alternative , multiple indirect methods have been proposed including im2col - based convolution , fft - based convolution , or winograd - based algorithm . however , all these indirect methods have high memory - overhead , which creates performance degradation and of ←
→ self - adaptive exploration in evolutionary search ; we address a primary question of computational as well as biological research on evolution : how can an exploration strategy adapt in such a way as to exploit the information gained about the problem at hand ? we first introduce an integrated formalism of evolutionary search which provides a unified view on different specific approaches . on this basis we discuss the implications of indirect modeling ( via a `` genotype - phenotype mapping '') on the exploration st ←
→ deep learning with limited numerical precision ; training of large - scale deep neural networks is often constrained by the available computational resources . we study the effect of limited precision data representation and computation on neural network training . within the context of low - precision fixed - point computations , we observe the rounding scheme to play a crucial role in determining the network ' s behavior during training . our results show that deep networks can be trained using only 16 - bit wide fixed ←
→ fast incremental svdd learning algorithm with the gaussian kernel ; support vector data description ( svdd ) is a machine learning technique that is used for single - class classification and outlier detection . the idea of svdd is to find a set of support vectors that defines a boundary around data . when dealing with online or large data , existing batch svdd methods have to be rerun in each iteration . we propose an incremental learning algorithm for svdd that uses the gaussian kernel . this algorithm builds on t ←
→ contextual object detection with a few relevant neighbors ; a natural way to improve the detection of objects is to consider the contextual constraints imposed by the detection of additional objects in a given scene . in this work , we exploit the spatial relations between objects in order to improve detection capacity , as well as analyze various properties of the contextual object detection problem . to precisely calculate context - based probabilities of objects , we developed a model that examines the interact ←
→ online convex optimization for cumulative constraints ; we propose an algorithm for online convex optimization which examines a clipped long - term constraint of the form $\ sum \ limits_ { t = 1 }^ t [ g ( x_t )] _ +$, encoding the cumulative constraint violation . previous literature has focused on long - term constraints of the form $\ sum \ limits_ { t = 1 }^ tg ( x_t )$, for which strictly feasible solutions can cancel out the effects of violated constraints . in this paper , we generalize the results in \ cite { mahdavi2012trading } and \ ci ←
→ learning to compose words into sentences with reinforcement learning ; we use reinforcement learning to learn tree - structured neural networks for computing representations of natural language sentences . in contrast with prior work on tree - structured models in which the trees are either provided as input or predicted using supervision from explicit treebank annotations , the tree structures in this work are optimized to improve performance on a downstream task . experiments demonstrate the benefit of learning ←
→ fast and robust fixed - rank matrix recovery ; we address the problem of efficient sparse fixed - rank ( s - fr ) matrix decomposition , i . e ., splitting a corrupted matrix $ m $ into an uncorrupted matrix $ l $ of rank $ r $ and a sparse matrix of outliers $ s $. fixed - rank constraints are usually imposed by the physical restrictions of the system under study . here we propose a method to perform accurate and very efficient s - fr decomposition that is more suitable for large - scale problems than existing approaches . our method ←
→ one - shot face recognition by promoting underrepresented classes ; in this paper , we study the problem of training large - scale face identification model with imbalanced training data . this problem naturally exists in many real scenarios including large - scale celebrity recognition , movie actor annotation , etc . our solution contains two components . first , we build a face feature extraction model , and improve its performance , especially for the persons with very limited training samples , by introducing a regula ←
→ doctoral advisor or medical condition : towards entity - specific rankings of knowledge base properties [ extended version ] ; in knowledge bases such as wikidata , it is possible to assert a large set of properties for entities , ranging from generic ones such as name and place of birth to highly profession - specific or background - specific ones such as doctoral advisor or medical condition . determining a preference or ranking in this large set is a challenge in tasks such as prioritisation of edits or natural - la ←
→ block building programming for symbolic regression ; symbolic regression that aims to detect underlying data - driven models has become increasingly important for industrial data analysis . for most existing algorithms such as genetic programming ( gp ), the convergence speed might be too slow for large - scale problems with a large number of variables . this situation may become even worse with increasing problem size . the aforementioned difficulty makes symbolic regression limited in practical applications . fortu ←
→ local algorithms for interactive clustering ; we study the design of interactive clustering algorithms for data sets satisfying natural stability assumptions . our algorithms start with any initial clustering and only make local changes in each step ; both are desirable features in many applications . we show that in this constrained setting one can still design provably efficient algorithms that produce accurate clusterings . we also show that our algorithms perform well on real - world data .←
→ bootstrapping labelled dataset construction for cow tracking and behavior analysis ; this paper introduces a new approach to the long - term tracking of an object in a challenging environment . the object is a cow and the environment is an enclosure in a cowshed . some of the key challenges in this domain are a cluttered background , low contrast and high similarity between moving objects which greatly reduces the efficiency of most existing approaches , including those based on background subtraction . our appr ←
→ a tutor agent for moba games ; digital games have become a key player in the entertainment industry , attracting millions of new players each year . in spite of that , novice players may have a hard time when playing certain types of games , such as mobas and mmorpgs , due to their steep learning curves and not so friendly online communities . in this paper , we present an approach to help novice players in moba games overcome these problems . an artificial intelligence agent plays alongside the player analyzing hi ←
→ converting cascade - correlation neural nets into probabilistic generative models ; humans are not only adept in recognizing what class an input instance belongs to ( i . e ., classification task ), but perhaps more remarkably , they can imagine ( i . e ., generate ) plausible instances of a desired class with ease , when prompted . inspired by this , we propose a framework which allows transforming cascade - correlation neural networks ( ccnns ) into probabilistic generative models , thereby enabling ccnns to generate sample ←
→ multi - view dimensionality reduction for dialect identification of arabic broadcast speech ; in this work , we present a new vector space model ( vsm ) of speech utterances for the task of spoken dialect identification . generally , did systems are built using two sets of features that are extracted from speech utterances ; acoustic and phonetic . the acoustic and phonetic features are used to form vector representations of speech utterances in an attempt to encode information about the spoken dialects . the phono ←
→ a unified game - theoretic approach to multiagent reinforcement learning ; to achieve general intelligence , agents must learn how to interact with others in a shared environment : this is the challenge of multiagent reinforcement learning ( marl ). the simplest form is independent reinforcement learning ( inrl ), where each agent treats its experience as part of its ( non - stationary ) environment . in this paper , we first observe that policies learned using inrl can overfit to the other agents ' policies during traini ←
→ generalized evidence theory ; conflict management is still an open issue in the application of dempster shafer evidence theory . a lot of works have been presented to address this issue . in this paper , a new theory , called as generalized evidence theory ( get ), is proposed . compared with existing methods , get assumes that the general situation is in open world due to the uncertainty and incomplete knowledge . the conflicting evidence is handled under the framework of get . it is shown that the new theory can ex ←
→ pseudo vs . true defect classification in printed circuits boards using wavelet features ; in recent years , printed circuit boards ( pcb ) have become the backbone of a large number of consumer electronic devices leading to a surge in their production . this has made it imperative to employ automatic inspection systems to identify manufacturing defects in pcb before they are installed in the respective systems . an important task in this regard is the classification of defects as either true or pseudo defects ,←
→ a unified rgb - t saliency detection benchmark : dataset , baselines , analysis and a novel approach ; despite significant progress , image saliency detection still remains a challenging task in complex scenes and environments . integrating multiple different but complementary cues , like rgb and thermal ( rgb - t ), may be an effective way for boosting saliency detection performance . the current research in this direction , however , is limited by the lack of a comprehensive benchmark . this work contributes such a rgb ←
→ online transfer learning in reinforcement learning domains ; this paper proposes an online transfer framework to capture the interaction among agents and shows that current transfer learning in reinforcement learning is a special case of online transfer . furthermore , this paper re - characterizes existing agents - teaching - agents methods as online transfer and analyze one such teaching method in three ways . first , the convergence of q - learning and sarsa with tabular representation with a finite budget is proven ←
→ tractable bayesian learning of tree belief networks ; in this paper we present decomposable priors , a family of priors over structure and parameters of tree belief nets for which bayesian learning with complete observations is tractable , in the sense that the posterior is also decomposable and can be completely determined analytically in polynomial time . this follows from two main results : first , we show that factored distributions over spanning trees in a graph can be integrated in closed form . second , we ←
→ online convolutional dictionary learning for multimodal imaging ; computational imaging methods that can exploit multiple modalities have the potential to enhance the capabilities of traditional sensing systems . in this paper , we propose a new method that reconstructs multimodal images from their linear measurements by exploiting redundancies across different modalities . our method combines a convolutional group - sparse representation of images with total variation ( tv ) regularization for high - quality multim ←
→ extension of inagaki general weighted operators and a new fusion rule class of proportional redistribution of intersection masses ; in this paper we extend inagaki weighted operators fusion rule ( wo ) in information fusion by doing redistribution of not only the conflicting mass , but also of masses of non - empty intersections , that we call double weighted operators ( dwo ). then we propose a new fusion rule class of proportional redistribution of intersection masses ( cprim ), which generates many interesting p ←
→ a cooperative q - learning approach for real - time power allocation in femtocell networks ; in this paper , we address the problem of distributed interference management of cognitive femtocells that share the same frequency range with macrocells ( primary user ) using distributed multi - agent q - learning . we formulate and solve three problems representing three different q - learning algorithms : namely , centralized , distributed and partially distributed power control using q - learning ( cpc - q , dpc - q and pdpc - q ). cpcq ←
→ predictive user modeling with actionable attributes ; different machine learning techniques have been proposed and used for modeling individual and group user needs , interests and preferences . in the traditional predictive modeling instances are described by observable variables , called attributes . the goal is to learn a model for predicting the target variable for unseen instances . for example , for marketing purposes a company consider profiling a new user based on her observed web browsing behavior , refer ←
→ customers behavior modeling by semi - supervised learning in customer relationship management ; leveraging the power of increasing amounts of data to analyze customer base for attracting and retaining the most valuable customers is a major problem facing companies in this information age . data mining technologies extract hidden information and knowledge from large data stored in databases or data warehouses , thereby supporting the corporate decision making process . crm uses data mining ( one of the elements ←
→ object detection using image processing ; an unmanned ariel vehicle ( uav ) has greater importance in the army for border security . the main objective of this article is to develop an opencv - python code using haar cascade algorithm for object and face detection . currently , uavs are used for detecting and attacking the infiltrated ground targets . the main drawback for this type of uavs is that sometimes the object are not properly detected , which thereby causes the object to hit the uav . this project aims to a ←
→ onenet : joint domain , intent , slot prediction for spoken language understanding ; in practice , most spoken language understanding systems process user input in a pipelined manner ; first domain is predicted , then intent and semantic slots are inferred according to the semantic frames of the predicted domain . the pipeline approach , however , has some disadvantages : error propagation and lack of information sharing . to address these issues , we present a unified neural network that jointly performs domain , int ←
→ a parameterized complexity analysis of bi - level optimisation with evolutionary algorithms ; bi - level optimisation problems have gained increasing interest in the field of combinatorial optimisation in recent years . with this paper , we start the runtime analysis of evolutionary algorithms for bi - level optimisation problems . we examine two np - hard problems , the generalised minimum spanning tree problem ( gmst ), and the generalised travelling salesman problem ( gtsp ) in the context of parameterised complexity .←
→ past , present , future : a computational investigation of the typology of tense in 1000 languages ; we present superpivot , an analysis method for low - resource languages that occur in a superparallel corpus , i . e ., in a corpus that contains an order of magnitude more languages than parallel corpora currently in use . we show that superpivot performs well for the crosslingual analysis of the linguistic phenomenon of tense . we produce analysis results for more than 1000 languages , conducting - to the best of our ←
→ message passing with relaxed moment matching ; bayesian learning is often hampered by large computational expense . as a powerful generalization of popular belief propagation , expectation propagation ( ep ) efficiently approximates the exact bayesian computation . nevertheless , ep can be sensitive to outliers and suffer from divergence for difficult cases . to address this issue , we propose a new approximate inference approach , relaxed expectation propagation ( rep ). it relaxes the moment matching requirement of ←
→ unifying value iteration , advantage learning , and dynamic policy programming ; approximate dynamic programming algorithms , such as approximate value iteration , have been successfully applied to many complex reinforcement learning tasks , and a better approximate dynamic programming algorithm is expected to further extend the applicability of reinforcement learning to various tasks . in this paper we propose a new , robust dynamic programming algorithm that unifies value iteration , advantage learning , and dyn ←
→ quality estimation of machine translation outputs through stemming ; machine translation is the challenging problem for indian languages . every day we can see some machine translators being developed , but getting a high quality automatic translation is still a very distant dream . the correct translated sentence for hindi language is rarely found . in this paper , we are emphasizing on english - hindi language pair , so in order to preserve the correct mt output we present a ranking system , which employs some ma ←
→ cornell spf : cornell semantic parsing framework ; the cornell semantic parsing framework ( spf ) is a learning and inference framework for mapping natural language to formal representation of its meaning .←
→ mining for causal relationships : a data - driven study of the islamic state ; the islamic state of iraq and al - sham ( isis ) is a dominant insurgent group operating in iraq and syria that rose to prominence when it took over mosul in june , 2014 . in this paper , we present a data - driven approach to analyzing this group using a dataset consisting of 2200 incidents of military activity surrounding isis and the forces that oppose it ( including iraqi , syrian , and the american - led coalition ). we combine ideas from l ←
→ a first derivative potts model for segmentation and denoising using ilp ; unsupervised image segmentation and denoising are two fundamental tasks in image processing . usually , graph based models such as multicut are used for segmentation and variational models are employed for denoising . our approach addresses both problems at the same time . we propose a novel ilp formulation of the first derivative potts model with the $\ ell_1 $ data term , where binary variables are introduced to deal with the $\ ell_0 $ norm ←
→ a reinforcement learning algorithm for building collaboration in multi - agent systems ; this paper presents a proof - of concept study for demonstrating the viability of building collaboration among multiple agents through standard q learning algorithm embedded in particle swarm optimisation . collaboration is formulated to be achieved among the agents via some sort competition , where the agents are expected to balance their action in such a way that none of them drifts away of the team and none intervene any ←
→ state dependent computation using coupled recurrent networks ; although conditional branching between possible behavioural states is a hallmark of intelligent behavior , very little is known about the neuronal mechanisms that support this processing . in a step toward solving this problem we demonstrate by theoretical analysis and simulation how networks of richly inter - connected neurons , such as those observed in the superficial layers of the neocortex , can embed reliable robust finite state machines . we sho ←
→ artificial catalytic reactions in 2d for combinatorial optimization ; presented in this paper is a derivation of a 2d catalytic reaction - based model to solve combinatorial optimization problems ( cops ). the simulated catalytic reactions , a computational metaphor , occurs in an artificial chemical reactor that finds near - optimal solutions to cops . the artificial environment is governed by catalytic reactions that can alter the structure of artificial molecular elements . altering the molecular structure means f ←
→ automated lane detection in crowds using proximity graphs ; studying the behavior of crowds is vital for understanding and predicting human interactions in public areas . research has shown that , under certain conditions , large groups of people can form collective behavior patterns : local interactions between individuals results in global movements patterns . to detect these patterns in a crowd , we assume each person is carrying an on - body device that acts a local proximity sensor , e . g ., smartphone or bluetoo ←
→ iterative multi - document neural attention for multiple answer prediction ; people have information needs of varying complexity , which can be solved by an intelligent agent able to answer questions formulated in a proper way , eventually considering user context and preferences . in a scenario in which the user profile can be considered as a question , intelligent agents able to answer questions can be used to find the most relevant answers for a given user . in this work we propose a novel model based on artifi ←
→ edge - based component - trees for multi - channel image segmentation ; we introduce the concept of edge - based component - trees for images with an arbitrary number of channels . the approach is a natural extension of the classical component - tree devoted to gray - scale images . the similar structure enables the translation of many gray - level image processing techniques based on the component - tree to hyperspectral and color images . as an example application , we present an image segmentation approach that extracts maxim ←
→ a review of machine learning based anomaly detection techniques ; intrusion detection is so much popular since the last two decades where intrusion is attempted to break into or misuse the system . it is mainly of two types based on the intrusions , first is misuse or signature based detection and the other is anomaly detection . in this paper machine learning based methods which are one of the types of anomaly detection techniques is discussed .←
→ no bad local minima : data independent training error guarantees for multilayer neural networks ; we use smoothed analysis techniques to provide guarantees on the training loss of multilayer neural networks ( mnns ) at differentiable local minima . specifically , we examine mnns with piecewise linear activation functions , quadratic loss and a single output , under mild over - parametrization . we prove that for a mnn with one hidden layer , the training error is zero at every differentiable local minimum , for almos ←
→ risk minimization in structured prediction using orbit loss ; we introduce a new surrogate loss function called orbit loss in the structured prediction framework , which has good theoretical and practical advantages . while the orbit loss is not convex , it has a simple analytical gradient and a simple perceptron - like learning rule . we analyze the new loss theoretically and state a pac - bayesian generalization bound . we also prove that the new loss is consistent in the strong sense ; namely , the risk achieved by ←
→ dynamical neural network : information and topology ; a neural network works as an associative memory device if it has large storage capacity and the quality of the retrieval is good enough . the learning and attractor abilities of the network both can be measured by the mutual information ( mi ), between patterns and retrieval states . this paper deals with a search for an optimal topology , of a hebb network , in the sense of the maximal mi . we use small - world topology . the connectivity $\ gamma $ ranges from an e ←
→ a semi - supervised framework for image captioning ; state - of - the - art approaches for image captioning require supervised training data consisting of captions with paired image data . these methods are typically unable to use unsupervised data such as textual data with no corresponding images , which is a much more abundant commodity . we here propose a novel way of using such textual data by artificially generating missing visual information . we evaluate this learning approach on a newly designed model that dete ←
→ belief revision : a critique ; we examine carefully the rationale underlying the approaches to belief change taken in the literature , and highlight what we view as methodological problems . we argue that to study belief change carefully , we must be quite explicit about the `` ontology '' or scenario underlying the belief change process . this is something that has been missing in previous work , with its focus on postulates . our analysis shows that we must pay particular attention to two issues that have often be ←
→ convolutional feature masking for joint object and stuff segmentation ; the topic of semantic segmentation has witnessed considerable progress due to the powerful features learned by convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). the current leading approaches for semantic segmentation exploit shape information by extracting cnn features from masked image regions . this strategy introduces artificial boundaries on the images and may impact the quality of the extracted features . besides , the operations on the raw imag ←
→ artificial neuron modelling based on wave shape ; this paper describes a new model for an artificial neural network processing unit or neuron . it is slightly different to a traditional feedforward network by the fact that it favours a mechanism of trying to match the wave - like ' shape ' of the input with the shape of the output against specific value error corrections . the expectation is then that a best fit shape can be transposed into the desired output values more easily . this allows for notions of reinfor ←
→ a new humanlike facial attractiveness predictor with cascaded fine - tuning deep learning model ; this paper proposes a deep leaning method to address the challenging facial attractiveness prediction problem . the method constructs a convolutional neural network of facial beauty prediction using a new deep cascaded fine - turning scheme with various face inputting channels , such as the original rgb face image , the detail layer image , and the lighting layer image . with a carefully designed cnn model of deep str ←
→ unsupervised monocular depth estimation with left - right consistency ; learning based methods have shown very promising results for the task of depth estimation in single images . however , most existing approaches treat depth prediction as a supervised regression problem and as a result , require vast quantities of corresponding ground truth depth data for training . just recording quality depth data in a range of environments is a challenging problem . in this paper , we innovate beyond existing approaches , repl ←
→ realtime hierarchical clustering based on boundary and surface statistics ; visual grouping is a key mechanism in human scene perception . there , it belongs to the subconscious , early processing and is key prerequisite for other high level tasks such as recognition . in this paper , we introduce an efficient , realtime capable algorithm which likewise agglomerates a valuable hierarchical clustering of a scene , while using purely local appearance statistics . to speed up the processing , first we subdivide the i ←
→ automated attack planning ; penetration testing is a methodology for assessing network security , by generating and executing possible attacks . doing so automatically allows for regular and systematic testing . a key question then is how to automatically generate the attacks . a natural way to address this issue is as an attack planning problem . in this thesis , we are concerned with the specific context of regular automated pentesting , and use the term " attack planning " in that sense . the following three resea ←
→ face alignment assisted by head pose estimation ; in this paper we propose a supervised initialization scheme for cascaded face alignment based on explicit head pose estimation . we first investigate the failure cases of most state of the art face alignment approaches and observe that these failures often share one common global property , i . e . the head pose variation is usually large . inspired by this , we propose a deep convolutional network model for reliable and accurate head pose estimation . instead of us ←
→ distributed evolutionary graph partitioning ; we present a novel distributed evolutionary algorithm , kaffpae , to solve the graph partitioning problem , which makes use of kaffpa ( karlsruhe fast flow partitioner ). the use of our multilevel graph partitioner kaffpa provides new effective crossover and mutation operators . by combining these with a scalable communication protocol we obtain a system that is able to improve the best known partitioning results for many inputs in a very short amount of time . for exa ←
→ deepcamp : deep convolutional action & attribute mid - level patterns ; the recognition of human actions and the determination of human attributes are two tasks that call for fine - grained classification . indeed , often rather small and inconspicuous objects and features have to be detected to tell their classes apart . in order to deal with this challenge , we propose a novel convolutional neural network that mines mid - level image patches that are sufficiently dedicated to resolve the corresponding subtleties . in ←
→ ai 3d cybug gaming ; in this short paper i briefly discuss 3d war game based on artificial intelligence concepts called ai war . going in to the details , i present the importance of caicl language and how this language is used in ai war . moreover i also present a designed and implemented 3d war cybug for ai war using caicl and discus the implemented strategy to defeat its enemies during the game life .←
→ audio visual speech recognition using deep recurrent neural networks ; in this work , we propose a training algorithm for an audio - visual automatic speech recognition ( av - asr ) system using deep recurrent neural network ( rnn ). first , we train a deep rnn acoustic model with a connectionist temporal classification ( ctc ) objective function . the frame labels obtained from the acoustic model are then used to perform a non - linear dimensionality reduction of the visual features using a deep bottleneck network . audio ←
→ quantifying mesoscale neuroanatomy using x - ray microtomography ; methods for resolving the 3d microstructure of the brain typically start by thinly slicing and staining the brain , and then imaging each individual section with visible light photons or electrons . in contrast , x - rays can be used to image thick samples , providing a rapid approach for producing large 3d brain maps without sectioning . here we demonstrate the use of synchrotron x - ray microtomography ($\ mu $ ct ) for producing mesoscale $( 1 ~\ mu m ^ 3 )$ ←
→ tssd : temporal single - shot object detection based on attention - aware lstm ; temporal object detection has attracted significant attention , but most popular detection methods can not leverage the rich temporal information in video or robotic vision . although many different algorithms have been developed for video detection task , real - time online approaches are frequently deficient . in this paper , based on attention mechanism and convolutional long short - term memory ( convlstm ), we propose a temporal single -←
→ end - to - end photo - sketch generation via fully convolutional representation learning ; sketch - based face recognition is an interesting task in vision and multimedia research , yet it is quite challenging due to the great difference between face photos and sketches . in this paper , we propose a novel approach for photo - sketch generation , aiming to automatically transform face photos into detail - preserving personal sketches . unlike the traditional models synthesizing sketches based on a dictionary of exemplars ,←
→ linear readout of object manifolds ; objects are represented in sensory systems by continuous manifolds due to sensitivity of neuronal responses to changes in physical features such as location , orientation , and intensity . what makes certain sensory representations better suited for invariant decoding of objects by downstream networks ? we present a theory that characterizes the ability of a linear readout network , the perceptron , to classify objects from variable neural responses . we show how the readout pe ←
→ correlational neural networks ; common representation learning ( crl ), wherein different descriptions ( or views ) of the data are embedded in a common subspace , is receiving a lot of attention recently . two popular paradigms here are canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) based approaches and autoencoder ( ae ) based approaches . cca based approaches learn a joint representation by maximizing correlation of the views when projected to the common subspace . ae based methods learn a common representation by minimizin ←
→ face deidentification with generative deep neural networks ; face deidentification is an active topic amongst privacy and security researchers . early deidentification methods relying on image blurring or pixelization were replaced in recent years with techniques based on formal anonymity models that provide privacy guaranties and at the same time aim at retaining certain characteristics of the data even after deidentification . the latter aspect is particularly important , as it allows to exploit the deidenti ←
→ using english as pivot to extract persian - italian parallel sentences from non - parallel corpora ; the effectiveness of a statistical machine translation system ( smt ) is very dependent upon the amount of parallel corpus used in the training phase . for low - resource language pairs there are not enough parallel corpora to build an accurate smt . in this paper , a novel approach is presented to extract bilingual persian - italian parallel sentences from a non - parallel ( comparable ) corpus . in this study , english is ←
→ monte carlo inference via greedy importance sampling ; we present a new method for conducting monte carlo inference in graphical models which combines explicit search with generalized importance sampling . the idea is to reduce the variance of importance sampling by searching for significant points in the target distribution . we prove that it is possible to introduce search and still maintain unbiasedness . we then demonstrate our procedure on a few simple inference tasks and show that it can improve the infe ←
→ deep reinforcement learning with double q - learning ; the popular q - learning algorithm is known to overestimate action values under certain conditions . it was not previously known whether , in practice , such overestimations are common , whether they harm performance , and whether they can generally be prevented . in this paper , we answer all these questions affirmatively . in particular , we first show that the recent dqn algorithm , which combines q - learning with a deep neural network , suffers from substantial ove ←
→ comparing methods for segmentation of microcalcification clusters in digitized mammograms ; the appearance of microcalcifications in mammograms is one of the early signs of breast cancer . so , early detection of microcalcification clusters ( mccs ) in mammograms can be helpful for cancer diagnosis and better treatment of breast cancer . in this paper a computer method has been proposed to support radiologists in detection mccs in digital mammography . first , in order to facilitate and improve the detection ste ←
→ removing biases from trainable mt metrics by using self - training ; most trainable machine translation ( mt ) metrics train their weights on human judgments of state - of - the - art mt systems outputs . this makes trainable metrics biases in many ways . one of them is preferring longer translations . these biased metrics when used for tuning are evaluating different types of translations -- n - best lists of translations with very diverse quality . systems tuned with these metrics tend to produce overly long translations ←
→ retinal vessel segmentation using the 2 - d morlet wavelet and supervised classification ; we present a method for automated segmentation of the vasculature in retinal images . the method produces segmentations by classifying each image pixel as vessel or non - vessel , based on the pixel ' s feature vector . feature vectors are composed of the pixel ' s intensity and continuous two - dimensional morlet wavelet transform responses taken at multiple scales . the morlet wavelet is capable of tuning to specific frequencie ←
→ modeling social annotation : a bayesian approach ; collaborative tagging systems , such as delicious , citeulike , and others , allow users to annotate resources , e . g ., web pages or scientific papers , with descriptive labels called tags . the social annotations contributed by thousands of users , can potentially be used to infer categorical knowledge , classify documents or recommend new relevant information . traditional text inference methods do not make best use of social annotation , since they do not take into a ←
→ zero - shot learning by generating pseudo feature representations ; zero - shot learning ( zsl ) is a challenging task aiming at recognizing novel classes without any training instances . in this paper we present a simple but high - performance zsl approach by generating pseudo feature representations ( gpfr ). given the dataset of seen classes and side information of unseen classes ( e . g . attributes ), we synthesize feature - level pseudo representations for novel concepts , which allows us access to the formulation of un ←
→ interpreting the predictions of complex ml models by layer - wise relevance propagation ; complex nonlinear models such as deep neural network ( dnns ) have become an important tool for image classification , speech recognition , natural language processing , and many other fields of application . these models however lack transparency due to their complex nonlinear structure and to the complex data distributions to which they typically apply . as a result , it is difficult to fully characterize what makes these mo ←
→ automatic variational abc ; approximate bayesian computation ( abc ) is a framework for performing likelihood - free posterior inference for simulation models . stochastic variational inference ( svi ) is an appealing alternative to the inefficient sampling approaches commonly used in abc . however , svi is highly sensitive to the variance of the gradient estimators , and this problem is exacerbated by approximating the likelihood . we draw upon recent advances in variance reduction for sv and likelihood - free inferenc ←
→ ordering - sensitive and semantic - aware topic modeling ; topic modeling of textual corpora is an important and challenging problem . in most previous work , the " bag - of - words " assumption is usually made which ignores the ordering of words . this assumption simplifies the computation , but it unrealistically loses the ordering information and the semantic of words in the context . in this paper , we present a gaussian mixture neural topic model ( gmntm ) which incorporates both the ordering of words and the semantic m ←
→ learning conversational systems that interleave task and non - task content ; task - oriented dialog systems have been applied in various tasks , such as automated personal assistants , customer service providers and tutors . these systems work well when users have clear and explicit intentions that are well - aligned to the systems ' capabilities . however , they fail if users intentions are not explicit . to address this shortcoming , we propose a framework to interleave non - task content ( i . e . everyday social convers ←
→ about algorithm for transformation of logic functions ( atlf ) ; in this article the algorithm for transformation of logic functions which are given by truth tables is considered . the suggested algorithm allows the transformation of many - valued logic functions with the required number of variables and can be looked in this sense as universal .←
→ deep metric learning with bier : boosting independent embeddings robustly ; learning similarity functions between image pairs with deep neural networks yields highly correlated activations of embeddings . in this work , we show how to improve the robustness of such embeddings by exploiting the independence within ensembles . to this end , we divide the last embedding layer of a deep network into an embedding ensemble and formulate training this ensemble as an online gradient boosting problem . each learner receiv ←
→ face transfer with generative adversarial network ; face transfer animates the facial performances of the character in the target video by a source actor . traditional methods are typically based on face modeling . we propose an end - to - end face transfer method based on generative adversarial network . specifically , we leverage cyclegan to generate the face image of the target character with the corresponding head pose and facial expression of the source . in order to improve the quality of generated videos , we ←
→ emotional state categorization from speech : machine vs . human ; this paper presents our investigations on emotional state categorization from speech signals with a psychologically inspired computational model against human performance under the same experimental setup . based on psychological studies , we propose a multistage categorization strategy which allows establishing an automatic categorization model flexibly for a given emotional speech categorization task . we apply the strategy to the serbian emotio ←
→ application of machine learning techniques in aquaculture ; in this paper we present applications of different machine learning algorithms in aquaculture . machine learning algorithms learn models from historical data . in aquaculture historical data are obtained from farm practices , yields , and environmental data sources . associations between these different variables can be obtained by applying machine learning algorithms to historical data . in this paper we present applications of different machine learnin ←
→ bayesian treatment of incomplete discrete data applied to mutual information and feature selection ; given the joint chances of a pair of random variables one can compute quantities of interest , like the mutual information . the bayesian treatment of unknown chances involves computing , from a second order prior distribution and the data likelihood , a posterior distribution of the chances . a common treatment of incomplete data is to assume ignorability and determine the chances by the expectation maximizati ←
→ acting thoughts : towards a mobile robotic service assistant for users with limited communication skills ; as autonomous service robots become more affordable and thus available also for the general public , there is a growing need for user friendly interfaces to control the robotic system . currently available control modalities typically expect users to be able to express their desire through either touch , speech or gesture commands . while this requirement is fulfilled for the majority of users , paralyzed ←
→ l1 - regularized distributed optimization : a communication - efficient primal - dual framework ; despite the importance of sparsity in many large - scale applications , there are few methods for distributed optimization of sparsity - inducing objectives . in this paper , we present a communication - efficient framework for l1 - regularized optimization in the distributed environment . by viewing classical objectives in a more general primal - dual setting , we develop a new class of methods that can be efficiently distributed ←
→ neural motifs : scene graph parsing with global context ; we investigate the problem of producing structured graph representations of visual scenes . our work analyzes the role of motifs : regularly appearing substructures in scene graphs . we present new quantitative insights on such repeated structures in the visual genome dataset . our analysis shows that object labels are highly predictive of relation labels but not vice - versa . we also find there are recurring patterns even in larger subgraphs : more than 50 %←
→ quaternion based camera pose estimation from matched feature points ; we present a novel solution to the camera pose estimation problem , where rotation and translation of a camera between two views are estimated from matched feature points in the images . the camera pose estimation problem is traditionally solved via algorithms that are based on the essential matrix or the euclidean homography . with six or more feature points in general positions in the space , essential matrix based algorithms can recover a ←
→ optimal rates for regularization of statistical inverse learning problems ; we consider a statistical inverse learning problem , where we observe the image of a function $ f $ through a linear operator $ a $ at i . i . d . random design points $ x_i $, superposed with an additive noise . the distribution of the design points is unknown and can be very general . we analyze simultaneously the direct ( estimation of $ af $) and the inverse ( estimation of $ f $) learning problems . in this general framework , we obtain strong and ←
→ a bayesian nonparametric approach for estimating individualized treatment - response curves ; we study the problem of estimating the continuous response over time to interventions using observational time series --- a retrospective dataset where the policy by which the data are generated is unknown to the learner . we are motivated by applications where response varies by individuals and therefore , estimating responses at the individual - level is valuable for personalizing decision - making . we refer to this as t ←
→ spatio - colour asplünd ' s metric and logarithmic image processing for colour images ( lipc ) ; aspl \" und ' s metric , which is useful for pattern matching , consists in a double - sided probing , i . e . the over - graph and the sub - graph of a function are probed jointly . this paper extends the aspl \" und ' s metric we previously defined for colour and multivariate images using a marginal approach ( i . e . component by component ) to the first spatio - colour aspl \" und ' s metric based on the vectorial colour lip model ( lipc ). ←
→ eitaka at semeval - 2018 task 1 : an ensemble of n - channels convnet and xgboost regressors for emotion analysis of tweets ; this paper describes our system that has been used in task1 affect in tweets . we combine two different approaches . the first one called n - stream convnets , which is a deep learning approach where the second one is xgboost regresseor based on a set of embedding and lexicons based features . our system was evaluated on the testing sets of the tasks outperforming all other approaches for the ←
→ memnet : a persistent memory network for image restoration ; recently , very deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have been attracting considerable attention in image restoration . however , as the depth grows , the long - term dependency problem is rarely realized for these very deep models , which results in the prior states / layers having little influence on the subsequent ones . motivated by the fact that human thoughts have persistency , we propose a very deep persistent memory network ( memnet ) that introduc ←
→ a novel sdass descriptor for fully encoding the information of 3d local surface ; local feature description is a fundamental yet challenging task in 3d computer vision . this paper proposes a novel descriptor , named statistic of deviation angles on subdivided space ( sdass ), for comprehensive encoding geometrical and spatial in - formation of local surface on local reference axis ( lra ). the sdass descriptor is generated by one geometrical feature and two spatial features . considering that surface normals , whi ←
→ least squares generative adversarial networks ; unsupervised learning with generative adversarial networks ( gans ) has proven hugely successful . regular gans hypothesize the discriminator as a classifier with the sigmoid cross entropy loss function . however , we found that this loss function may lead to the vanishing gradients problem during the learning process . to overcome such a problem , we propose in this paper the least squares generative adversarial networks ( lsgans ) which adopt the least squares loss f ←
→ incorporating knowledge into structural equation models using auxiliary variables ; in this paper , we extend graph - based identification methods by allowing background knowledge in the form of non - zero parameter values . such information could be obtained , for example , from a previously conducted randomized experiment , from substantive understanding of the domain , or even an identification technique . to incorporate such information systematically , we propose the addition of auxiliary variables to the model ,←
→ multi - criteria neutrosophic decision making method based on score and accuracy functions under neutrosophic environment ; a neutrosophic set is a more general platform , which can be used to present uncertainty , imprecise , incomplete and inconsistent . in this paper a score function and an accuracy function for single valued neutrosophic sets is firstly proposed to make the distinction between them . then the idea is extended to interval neutrosophic sets . a multi - criteria decision making method based on the ←
→ wetext : scene text detection under weak supervision ; the requiring of large amounts of annotated training data has become a common constraint on various deep learning systems . in this paper , we propose a weakly supervised scene text detection method ( wetext ) that trains robust and accurate scene text detection models by learning from unannotated or weakly annotated data . with a " light " supervised model trained on a small fully annotated dataset , we explore semi - supervised and weakly supervised learning on ←
→ emotion detection from text ; emotions are perceptions of changes in the human body such as heart rate , breathing rate , perspiration , and hormone levels . these conscious experiences are complex and studied extensively in different fields including computer science . lack of facial expressions and voice modulations make detecting emotions from text a challenging problem . however , as humans are moving towards a digital era , with increasing mobile communication systems , it is essential that these digital agents ←
→ optimization over zonotopes and training support vector machines ; we make a connection between classical polytopes called zonotopes and support vector machine ( svm ) classifiers . we combine this connection with the ellipsoid method to give some new theoretical results on training svms . we also describe some special properties of soft margin c - svms as parameter c goes to infinity .←
→ pixels to voxels : modeling visual representation in the human brain ; the human brain is adept at solving difficult high - level visual processing problems such as image interpretation and object recognition in natural scenes . over the past few years neuroscientists have made remarkable progress in understanding how the human brain represents categories of objects and actions in natural scenes . however , all current models of high - level human vision operate on hand annotated images in which the objects and act ←
→ robust end - to - end deep audiovisual speech recognition ; speech is one of the most effective ways of communication among humans . even though audio is the most common way of transmitting speech , very important information can be found in other modalities , such as vision . vision is particularly useful when the acoustic signal is corrupted . multi - modal speech recognition however has not yet found wide - spread use , mostly because the temporal alignment and fusion of the different information sources is challengin ←
→ team applied robotics : a closer look at our robotic picking system ; this paper describes the vision based robotic picking system that was developed by our team , team applied robotics , for the amazon picking challenge 2016 . this competition challenged teams to develop a robotic system that is able to pick a large variety of products from a shelve or a tote . we discuss the design considerations and our strategy , the high resolution 3d vision system , the use of a combination of texture and shape - based object ←
→ adaptive knn using expected accuracy for classification of geo - spatial data ; the k - nearest neighbor ( knn ) classification approach is conceptually simple - yet widely applied since it often performs well in practical applications . however , using a global constant k does not always provide an optimal solution , e . g ., for datasets with an irregular density distribution of data points . this paper proposes an adaptive knn classifier where k is chosen dynamically for each instance ( point ) to be classified , such ←
→ a comprehensive survey on bengali phoneme recognition ; hidden markov model based various phoneme recognition methods for bengali language is reviewed . automatic phoneme recognition for bengali language using multilayer neural network is reviewed . usefulness of multilayer neural network over single layer neural network is discussed . bangla phonetic feature table construction and enhancement for bengali speech recognition is also discussed . comparison among these methods is discussed .←
→ multiplicative approximations , optimal hypervolume distributions , and the choice of the reference point ; many optimization problems arising in applications have to consider several objective functions at the same time . evolutionary algorithms seem to be a very natural choice for dealing with multi - objective problems as the population of such an algorithm can be used to represent the trade - offs with respect to the given objective functions . in this paper , we contribute to the theoretical understanding of ←
→ automatic trimap generation for image matting ; image matting is a longstanding problem in computational photography . although , it has been studied for more than two decades , yet there is a challenge of developing an automatic matting algorithm which does not require any human efforts . most of the state - of - the - art matting algorithms require human intervention in the form of trimap or scribbles to generate the alpha matte form the input image . in this paper , we present a simple and efficient approach to auto ←
→ refined lower bounds for adversarial bandits ; we provide new lower bounds on the regret that must be suffered by adversarial bandit algorithms . the new results show that recent upper bounds that either ( a ) hold with high - probability or ( b ) depend on the total lossof the best arm or ( c ) depend on the quadratic variation of the losses , are close to tight . besides this we prove two impossibility results . first , the existence of a single arm that is optimal in every round cannot improve the regret in the worst ←
→ fast and robust archetypal analysis for representation learning ; we revisit a pioneer unsupervised learning technique called archetypal analysis , which is related to successful data analysis methods such as sparse coding and non - negative matrix factorization . since it was proposed , archetypal analysis did not gain a lot of popularity even though it produces more interpretable models than other alternatives . because no efficient implementation has ever been made publicly available , its application to import ←
→ learning linearly separable features for speech recognition using convolutional neural networks ; automatic speech recognition systems usually rely on spectral - based features , such as mfcc of plp . these features are extracted based on prior knowledge such as , speech perception or / and speech production . recently , convolutional neural networks have been shown to be able to estimate phoneme conditional probabilities in a completely data - driven manner , i . e . using directly temporal raw speech signal as input . ←
→ here ' s my point : joint pointer architecture for argument mining ; one of the major goals in automated argumentation mining is to uncover the argument structure present in argumentative text . in order to determine this structure , one must understand how different individual components of the overall argument are linked . general consensus in this field dictates that the argument components form a hierarchy of persuasion , which manifests itself in a tree structure . this work provides the first neural network - b ←
→ building ensembles of adaptive nested dichotomies with random - pair selection ; a system of nested dichotomies is a method of decomposing a multi - class problem into a collection of binary problems . such a system recursively splits the set of classes into two subsets , and trains a binary classifier to distinguish between each subset . even though ensembles of nested dichotomies with random structure have been shown to perform well in practice , using a more sophisticated class subset selection method can be u ←
→ machine learning based data mining for milky way filamentary structures reconstruction ; we present an innovative method called filexsec ( filaments extraction , selection and classification ), a data mining tool developed to investigate the possibility to refine and optimize the shape reconstruction of filamentary structures detected with a consolidated method based on the flux derivative analysis , through the column - density maps computed from herschel infrared galactic plane survey ( hi - gal ) observations of ←
→ norec : the norwegian review corpus ; this paper presents the norwegian review corpus ( norec ), created for training and evaluating models for document - level sentiment analysis . the full - text reviews have been collected from major norwegian news sources and cover a range of different domains , including literature , movies , video games , restaurants , music and theater , in addition to product reviews across a range of categories . each review is labeled with a manually assigned score of 1 - 6 , as provided by the rat ←
→ performing edge detection by difference of gaussians using q - gaussian kernels ; in image processing , edge detection is a valuable tool to perform the extraction of features from an image . this detection reduces the amount of information to be processed , since the redundant information ( considered less relevant ) can be unconsidered . the technique of edge detection consists of determining the points of a digital image whose intensity changes sharply . this changes are due to the discontinuities of the orient ←
→ recovery of noisy points on band - limited surfaces : kernel methods re - explained ; we introduce a continuous domain framework for the recovery of points on a surface in high dimensional space , represented as the zero - level set of a bandlimited function . we show that the exponential maps of the points on the surface satisfy annihilation relations , implying that they lie in a finite dimensional subspace . the subspace properties are used to derive sampling conditions , which will guarantee the perfect recovery ←
→ the diamond system for argumentation : preliminary report ; abstract dialectical frameworks ( adfs ) are a powerful generalisation of dung ' s abstract argumentation frameworks . in this paper we present an answer set programming based software system , called diamond ( dialectical models encoding ). it translates adfs into answer set programs whose stable models correspond to models of the adf with respect to several semantics ( i . e . admissible , complete , stable , grounded ).←
→ fine - tuning tree - lstm for phrase - level sentiment classification on a polish dependency treebank . submission to poleval task 2 ; we describe a variant of child - sum tree - lstm deep neural network ( tai et al , 2015 ) fine - tuned for working with dependency trees and morphologically rich languages using the example of polish . fine - tuning included applying a custom regularization technique ( zoneout , described by ( krueger et al ., 2016 ), and further adapted for tree - lstms ) as well as using pre - trained word embedding ←
→ syntactic topic models ; the syntactic topic model ( stm ) is a bayesian nonparametric model of language that discovers latent distributions of words ( topics ) that are both semantically and syntactically coherent . the stm models dependency parsed corpora where sentences are grouped into documents . it assumes that each word is drawn from a latent topic chosen by combining document - level features and the local syntactic context . each document has a distribution over latent topics , as in topic models , which prov ←
→ reducing deep network complexity with fourier transform methods ; we propose a novel way that uses shallow densely connected neuron network architectures to achieve superior performance to convolution based neural networks ( cnns ) approaches with the added benefits of lower computation burden requiring dramatically less training examples to achieve high prediction accuracy ($> 98 \%$). the advantages of our proposed method is demonstrated in results on benchmark datasets which show significant performance gain ←
→ on the modeling of error functions as high dimensional landscapes for weight initialization in learning networks ; next generation deep neural networks for classification hosted on embedded platforms will rely on fast , efficient , and accurate learning algorithms . initialization of weights in learning networks has a great impact on the classification accuracy . in this paper we focus on deriving good initial weights by modeling the error function of a deep neural network as a high - dimensional landscape . we ←
→ soft constraints of difference and equality ; in many combinatorial problems one may need to model the diversity or similarity of assignments in a solution . for example , one may wish to maximise or minimise the number of distinct values in a solution . to formulate problems of this type , we can use soft variants of the well known alldifferent and allequal constraints . we present a taxonomy of six soft global constraints , generated by combining the two latter ones and the two standard cost functions , which ar ←
→ analysis of kernel mean matching under covariate shift ; in real supervised learning scenarios , it is not uncommon that the training and test sample follow different probability distributions , thus rendering the necessity to correct the sampling bias . focusing on a particular covariate shift problem , we derive high probability confidence bounds for the kernel mean matching ( kmm ) estimator , whose convergence rate turns out to depend on some regularity measure of the regression function and also on some capac ←
→ separation surfaces in the spectral tv domain for texture decomposition ; in this paper we introduce a novel notion of separation surfaces for image decomposition . a surface is embedded in the spectral total - variation ( tv ) three dimensional domain and encodes a spatially - varying separation scale . the method allows good separation of textures with gradually varying pattern - size , pattern - contrast or illumination . the recently proposed total variation spectral framework is used to decompose the image into a co ←
→ translating biomarkers between multi - way time - series experiments ; translating potential disease biomarkers between multi - species ' omics ' experiments is a new direction in biomedical research . the existing methods are limited to simple experimental setups such as basic healthy - diseased comparisons . most of these methods also require an a priori matching of the variables ( e . g ., genes or metabolites ) between the species . however , many experiments have a complicated multi - way experimental design often involvin ←
→ part - of - speech tagging for historical english ; as more historical texts are digitized , there is interest in applying natural language processing tools to these archives . however , the performance of these tools is often unsatisfactory , due to language change and genre differences . spelling normalization heuristics are the dominant solution for dealing with historical texts , but this approach fails to account for changes in usage and vocabulary . in this empirical paper , we assess the capability of domain ada ←
→ completing knowledge by competing hierarchies ; a control strategy for expert systems is presented which is based on shafer ' s belief theory and the combination rule of dempster . in contrast to well known strategies it is not sequentially and hypotheses - driven , but parallel and self organizing , determined by the concept of information gain . the information gain , calculated as the maximal difference between the actual evidence distribution in the knowledge base and the potential evidence determines each consu ←
→ compiling causal theories to successor state axioms and strips - like systems ; we describe a system for specifying the effects of actions . unlike those commonly used in ai planning , our system uses an action description language that allows one to specify the effects of actions using domain rules , which are state constraints that can entail new action effects from old ones . declaratively , an action domain in our language corresponds to a nonmonotonic causal theory in the situation calculus . procedurally , s ←
→ information assisted dictionary learning for fmri data analysis ; extracting information from functional magnetic resonance images ( fmri ) has been a major area of research for many years , but is still demanding more accurate techniques . nowadays , we have a plenty of available information about the brain - behavior that can be used to develop more precise methods . thus , this paper presents a new dictionary learning method that allows incorporating external information regarding the studied problem , through a n ←
→ a comparison of clustering and missing data methods for health sciences ; in this paper , we compare and analyze clustering methods with missing data in health behavior research . in particular , we propose and analyze the use of compressive sensing ' s matrix completion along with spectral clustering to cluster health related data . the empirical tests and real data results show that these methods can outperform standard methods like lpa and fiml , in terms of lower misclassification rates in clustering and bette ←
→ matching of images with rotation transformation based on the virtual electromagnetic interaction ; a novel approach of image matching for rotating transformation is presented and studied . the approach is inspired by electromagnetic interaction force between physical currents . the virtual current in images is proposed based on the significant edge lines extracted as the fundamental structural feature of images . the virtual electromagnetic force and the corresponding moment is studied between two images aft ←
→ a semi - supervised approach to detecting stance in tweets ; stance classification aims to identify , for a particular issue under discussion , whether the speaker or author of a conversational turn has pro ( favor ) or con ( against ) stance on the issue . detecting stance in tweets is a new task proposed for semeval - 2016 task6 , involving predicting stance for a dataset of tweets on the topics of abortion , atheism , climate change , feminism and hillary clinton . given the small size of the dataset , our team created o ←
→ cp - nets : a tool for representing and reasoning withconditional ceteris paribus preference statements ; information about user preferences plays a key role in automated decision making . in many domains it is desirable to assess such preferences in a qualitative rather than quantitative way . in this paper , we propose a qualitative graphical representation of preferences that reflects conditional dependence and independence of preference statements under a ceteris paribus ( all else being equal ) interpretatio ←
→ real - time joint tracking of a hand manipulating an object from rgb - d input ; real - time simultaneous tracking of hands manipulating and interacting with external objects has many potential applications in augmented reality , tangible computing , and wearable computing . however , due to difficult occlusions , fast motions , and uniform hand appearance , jointly tracking hand and object pose is more challenging than tracking either of the two separately . many previous approaches resort to complex multi - camera setu ←
→ generating retinal flow maps from structural optical coherence tomography with artificial intelligence ; despite significant advances in artificial intelligence ( ai ) for computer vision , its application in medical imaging has been limited by the burden and limits of expert - generated labels . we used images from optical coherence tomography angiography ( octa ), a relatively new imaging modality that measures perfusion of the retinal vasculature , to train an ai algorithm to generate vasculature maps from stan ←
→ unsupervised learning in neuromemristive systems ; neuromemristive systems ( nmss ) currently represent the most promising platform to achieve energy efficient neuro - inspired computation . however , since the research field is less than a decade old , there are still countless algorithms and design paradigms to be explored within these systems . one particular domain that remains to be fully investigated within nmss is unsupervised learning . in this work , we explore the design of an nms for unsupervised clusterin ←
→ management of uncertainty in the multi - level monitoring and diagnosis of the time of flight scintillation array ; we present a general architecture for the monitoring and diagnosis of large scale sensor - based systems with real time diagnostic constraints . this architecture is multileveled , combining a single monitoring level based on statistical methods with two model based diagnostic levels . at each level , sources of uncertainty are identified , and integrated methodologies for uncertainty management are ←
→ improving the adversarial robustness and interpretability of deep neural networks by regularizing their input gradients ; deep neural networks have proven remarkably effective at solving many classification problems , but have been criticized recently for two major weaknesses : the reasons behind their predictions are uninterpretable , and the predictions themselves can often be fooled by small adversarial perturbations . these problems pose major obstacles for the adoption of neural networks in domains that ←
→ fast knn mode seeking clustering applied to active learning ; a significantly faster algorithm is presented for the original knn mode seeking procedure . it has the advantages over the well - known mean shift algorithm that it is feasible in high - dimensional vector spaces and results in uniquely , well defined modes . moreover , without any additional computational effort it may yield a multi - scale hierarchy of clusterings . the time complexity is just o ( n ^ 1 . 5 ). resulting computing times range from seconds for 10 ^←
→ estimation with norm regularization ; analysis of non - asymptotic estimation error and structured statistical recovery based on norm regularized regression , such as lasso , needs to consider four aspects : the norm , the loss function , the design matrix , and the noise model . this paper presents generalizations of such estimation error analysis on all four aspects compared to the existing literature . we characterize the restricted error set where the estimation error vector lies , establish relations between erro ←
→ high - dimensional sequence transduction ; we investigate the problem of transforming an input sequence into a high - dimensional output sequence in order to transcribe polyphonic audio music into symbolic notation . we introduce a probabilistic model based on a recurrent neural network that is able to learn realistic output distributions given the input and we devise an efficient algorithm to search for the global mode of that distribution . the resulting method produces musically plausible transcriptions even u ←
→ citation classification for behavioral analysis of a scientific field ; citations are an important indicator of the state of a scientific field , reflecting how authors frame their work , and influencing uptake by future scholars . however , our understanding of citation behavior has been limited to small - scale manual citation analysis . we perform the largest behavioral study of citations to date , analyzing how citations are both framed and taken up by scholars in one entire field : natural language processing . ←
→ adaptive correlation filters with long - term and short - term memory for object tracking ; object tracking is challenging as target objects often undergo drastic appearance changes over time . recently , adaptive correlation filters have been successfully applied to object tracking . however , tracking algorithms relying on highly adaptive correlation filters are prone to drift due to noisy updates . moreover , as these algorithms do not maintain long - term memory of target appearance , they cannot recover from trac ←
→ generalisation in named entity recognition : a quantitative analysis ; named entity recognition ( ner ) is a key nlp task , which is all the more challenging on web and user - generated content with their diverse and continuously changing language . this paper aims to quantify how this diversity impacts state - of - the - art ner methods , by measuring named entity ( ne ) and context variability , feature sparsity , and their effects on precision and recall . in particular , our findings indicate that ner approaches struggle t ←
→ non - parametric psf estimation from celestial transit solar images using blind deconvolution ; context : characterization of instrumental effects in astronomical imaging is important in order to extract accurate physical information from the observations . the measured image in a real optical instrument is usually represented by the convolution of an ideal image with a point spread function ( psf ). additionally , the image acquisition process is also contaminated by other sources of noise ( read - out , photon - cou ←
→ stdp allows close - to - optimal spatiotemporal spike pattern detection by single coincidence detector neurons ; by recording multiple cells simultaneously , electrophysiologists have found evidence for repeating spatiotemporal spike patterns , which can carry information . how this information is extracted by downstream neurons is unclear . in this theoretical paper , we investigate to what extent a single cell could detect a given spike pattern and what the optimal parameters to do so are , in particular the memb ←
→ the ladder : a reliable leaderboard for machine learning competitions ; the organizer of a machine learning competition faces the problem of maintaining an accurate leaderboard that faithfully represents the quality of the best submission of each competing team . what makes this estimation problem particularly challenging is its sequential and adaptive nature . as participants are allowed to repeatedly evaluate their submissions on the leaderboard , they may begin to overfit to the holdout data that supports th ←
→ a deep level set method for image segmentation ; this paper proposes a novel image segmentation approachthat integrates fully convolutional networks ( fcns ) with a level setmodel . compared with a fcn , the integrated method can incorporatesmoothing and prior information to achieve an accurate segmentation . furthermore , different than using the level set model as a post - processingtool , we integrate it into the training phase to fine - tune the fcn . thisallows the use of unlabeled data during training in a semi - su ←
→ learning the conditional independence structure of stationary time series : a multitask learning approach ; we propose a method for inferring the conditional independence graph ( cig ) of a high - dimensional gaussian vector time series ( discrete - time process ) from a finite - length observation . by contrast to existing approaches , we do not rely on a parametric process model ( such as , e . g ., an autoregressive model ) for the observed random process . instead , we only require certain smoothness properties ( in the fo ←
→ membership inference attacks against machine learning models ; we quantitatively investigate how machine learning models leak information about the individual data records on which they were trained . we focus on the basic membership inference attack : given a data record and black - box access to a model , determine if the record was in the model ' s training dataset . to perform membership inference against a target model , we make adversarial use of machine learning and train our own inference model to recognize ←
→ ground metric learning ; transportation distances have been used for more than a decade now in machine learning to compare histograms of features . they have one parameter : the ground metric , which can be any metric between the features themselves . as is the case for all parameterized distances , transportation distances can only prove useful in practice when this parameter is carefully chosen . to date , the only option available to practitioners to set the ground metric parameter was to rely on a priori knowl ←
→ distant generalization by feedforward neural networks ; this paper discusses the notion of generalization of training samples over long distances in the input space of a feedforward neural network . such a generalization might occur in various ways , that differ in how great the contribution of different training features should be . the structure of a neuron in a feedforward neural network is analyzed and it is concluded , that the actual performance of the discussed generalization in such neural networks ma ←
→ integrated three - dimensional reconstruction using reflectance fields ; a method to obtain three - dimensional data of real - world objects by integrating their material properties is presented . the material properties are defined by capturing the reflectance fields of the real - world objects . it is shown , unlike conventional reconstruction methods , the method is able to use the reflectance information to recover surface depth for objects having a non - lambertian surface reflectance . it is , for recovering 3d data ←
→ dialogue act recognition via crf - attentive structured network ; dialogue act recognition ( dar ) is a challenging problem in dialogue interpretation , which aims to attach semantic labels to utterances and characterize the speaker ' s intention . currently , many existing approaches formulate the dar problem ranging from multi - classification to structured prediction , which suffer from handcrafted feature extensions and attentive contextual structural dependencies . in this paper , we consider the problem of dar from ←
→ multiclass total variation clustering ; ideas from the image processing literature have recently motivated a new set of clustering algorithms that rely on the concept of total variation . while these algorithms perform well for bi - partitioning tasks , their recursive extensions yield unimpressive results for multiclass clustering tasks . this paper presents a general framework for multiclass total variation clustering that does not rely on recursion . the results greatly outperform previous total variation algo ←
→ failover in cellular automata ; a cellular automata ( ca ) configuration is constructed that exhibits emergent failover . the configuration is based on standard game of life rules . gliders and glider - guns form the core messaging structure in the configuration . the blinker is represented as the basic computational unit , and it is shown how it can be recreated in case of a failure . stateless failover using primary - backup mechanism is demonstrated . the details of the ca components used in the configuration and it ←
→ multimodal sparse representation learning and applications ; unsupervised methods have proven effective for discriminative tasks in a single - modality scenario . in this paper , we present a multimodal framework for learning sparse representations that can capture semantic correlation between modalities . the framework can model relationships at a higher level by forcing the shared sparse representation . in particular , we propose the use of joint dictionary learning technique for sparse coding and formulate the ←
→ on the relevance of auditory - based gabor features for deep learning in automatic speech recognition ; previous studies support the idea of merging auditory - based gabor features with deep learning architectures to achieve robust automatic speech recognition , however , the cause behind the gain of such combination is still unknown . we believe these representations provide the deep learning decoder with more discriminable cues . our aim with this paper is to validate this hypothesis by performing experiments w ←
→ one - pass auc optimization ; auc is an important performance measure and many algorithms have been devoted to auc optimization , mostly by minimizing a surrogate convex loss on a training data set . in this work , we focus on one - pass auc optimization that requires only going through the training data once without storing the entire training dataset , where conventional online learning algorithms cannot be applied directly because auc is measured by a sum of losses defined over pairs of instances from different ←
→ revisiting stochastic off - policy action - value gradients ; off - policy stochastic actor - critic methods rely on approximating the stochastic policy gradient in order to derive an optimal policy . one may also derive the optimal policy by approximating the action - value gradient . the use of action - value gradients is desirable as policy improvement occurs along the direction of steepest ascent . this has been studied extensively within the context of natural gradient actor - critic algorithms and more recently within ←
→ real - time texture error detection ; this paper advocates an improved solution for real - time error detection of texture errors that occurs in the production process in textile industry . the research is focused on the mono - color products with 3d texture model ( jaquard fabrics ). this is a more difficult task than , for example , 2d multicolor textures .←
→ bet on independence ; we study the problem of nonparametric dependence detection . many existing methods suffer severe power loss due to non - uniform consistency , which we illustrate with a paradox . to avoid such power loss , we approach the nonparametric test of independence through the new framework of binary expansion statistics ( bestat ) and binary expansion testing ( bet ), which examine dependence through a novel binary expansion filtration approximation of the copula . through a hadamard - walsh transform , we ←
→ viqi : a new approach for visual interpretation of deep web query interfaces ; deep web databases contain more than 90 % of pertinent information of the web . despite their importance , users don ' t profit of this treasury . many deep web services are offering competitive services in term of prices , quality of service , and facilities . as the number of services is growing rapidly , users have difficulty to ask many web services in the same time . in this paper , we imagine a system where users have the possibility ←
→ relax , no need to round : integrality of clustering formulations ; we study exact recovery conditions for convex relaxations of point cloud clustering problems , focusing on two of the most common optimization problems for unsupervised clustering : $ k $- means and $ k $- median clustering . motivations for focusing on convex relaxations are : ( a ) they come with a certificate of optimality , and ( b ) they are generic tools which are relatively parameter - free , not tailored to specific assumptions over the input . more pre ←
→ beyond correlation filters : learning continuous convolution operators for visual tracking ; discriminative correlation filters ( dcf ) have demonstrated excellent performance for visual object tracking . the key to their success is the ability to efficiently exploit available negative data by including all shifted versions of a training sample . however , the underlying dcf formulation is restricted to single - resolution feature maps , significantly limiting its potential . in this paper , we go beyond the convent ←
→ privlogit : efficient privacy - preserving logistic regression by tailoring numerical optimizers ; safeguarding privacy in machine learning is highly desirable , especially in collaborative studies across many organizations . privacy - preserving distributed machine learning ( based on cryptography ) is popular to solve the problem . however , existing cryptographic protocols still incur excess computational overhead . here , we make a novel observation that this is partially due to naive adoption of mainstream numeri ←
→ on finding maximum cardinality subset of vectors with a constraint on normalized squared length of vectors sum ; in this paper , we consider the problem of finding a maximum cardinality subset of vectors , given a constraint on the normalized squared length of vectors sum . this problem is closely related to problem 1 from ( eremeev , kel ' manov , pyatkin , 2016 ). the main difference consists in swapping the constraint with the optimization criterion . we prove that the problem is np - hard even in terms of findin ←
→ a compromise principle in deep monocular depth estimation ; monocular depth estimation , which plays a key role in understanding 3d scene geometry , is fundamentally an ill - posed problem . existing methods based on deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) have examined this problem by learning convolutional networks to estimate continuous depth maps from monocular images . however , we find that training a network to predict a high spatial resolution continuous depth map often suffers from poor local solutions ←
→ soft biometrics : gender recognition from unconstrained face images using local feature descriptor ; gender recognition from unconstrained face images is a challenging task due to the high degree of misalignment , pose , expression , and illumination variation . in previous works , the recognition of gender from unconstrained face images is approached by utilizing image alignment , exploiting multiple samples per individual to improve the learning ability of the classifier , or learning gender based on prior know ←
→ deep 3d face identification ; we propose a novel 3d face recognition algorithm using a deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ) and a 3d augmentation technique . the performance of 2d face recognition algorithms has significantly increased by leveraging the representational power of deep neural networks and the use of large - scale labeled training data . as opposed to 2d face recognition , training discriminative deep features for 3d face recognition is very difficult due to the lack of large - scale 3d face data ←
→ adaptive co - weighting deep convolutional features for object retrieval ; aggregating deep convolutional features into a global image vector has attracted sustained attention in image retrieval . in this paper , we propose an efficient unsupervised aggregation method that uses an adaptive gaussian filter and an elementvalue sensitive vector to co - weight deep features . specifically , the gaussian filter assigns large weights to features of region - of - interests ( roi ) by adaptively determining the roi ' s center , whi ←
→ improving gans using optimal transport ; we present optimal transport gan ( ot - gan ), a variant of generative adversarial nets minimizing a new metric measuring the distance between the generator distribution and the data distribution . this metric , which we call mini - batch energy distance , combines optimal transport in primal form with an energy distance defined in an adversarially learned feature space , resulting in a highly discriminative distance function with unbiased mini - batch gradients . experimentally ←
→ manifold learning : the price of normalization ; we analyze the performance of a class of manifold - learning algorithms that find their output by minimizing a quadratic form under some normalization constraints . this class consists of locally linear embedding ( lle ), laplacian eigenmap , local tangent space alignment ( ltsa ), hessian eigenmaps ( hlle ), and diffusion maps . we present and prove conditions on the manifold that are necessary for the success of the algorithms . both the finite sample case and the limit ←
→ backpropagation training for fisher vectors within neural networks ; fisher - vectors ( fv ) encode higher - order statistics of a set of multiple local descriptors like sift features . they already show good performance in combination with shallow learning architectures on visual recognitions tasks . current methods using fv as a feature descriptor in deep architectures assume that all original input features are static . we propose a framework to jointly learn the representation of original features , fv parameters ←
→ improving performance of heavily loaded agents ; with the increase in agent - based applications , there are now agent systems that support \ emph { concurrent } client accesses . the ability to process large volumes of simultaneous requests is critical in many such applications . in such a setting , the traditional approach of serving these requests one at a time via queues ( e . g . \ textsf { fifo } queues , priority queues ) is insufficient . alternative models are essential to improve the performance of such \ emph { heavily ←
→ implicit robot - human communication in adversarial and collaborative environments ; users of ai systems may rely upon them to produce plans for achieving desired objectives . such ai systems should be able to compute obfuscated plans whose execution in adversarial situations protects privacy as well as legible plans which are easy for team - members to understand in collaborative situations . we develop a unified framework that addresses these dual problems by computing plans with a desired level of comprehens ←
→ anomaly detection in time series of graphs using fusion of graph invariants ; given a time series of graphs g ( t ) = ( v , e ( t )), t = 1 , 2 , ..., where the fixed vertex set v represents " actors " and an edge between vertex u and vertex v at time t ( uv \ in e ( t )) represents the existence of a communications event between actors u and v during the tth time period , we wish to detect anomalies and / or change points . we consider a collection of graph features , or invariants , and demonstrate that adaptive fusion provid ←
→ adapted sampling for 3d x - ray computed tomography ; in this paper , we introduce a method to build an adapted mesh representation of a 3d object for x - ray tomography reconstruction . using this representation , we provide means to reduce the computational cost of reconstruction by way of iterative algorithms . the adapted sampling of the reconstruction space is directly obtained from the projection dataset and prior to any reconstruction . it is built following two stages : firstly , 2d structural information is ←
→ retrospective higher - order markov processes for user trails ; users form information trails as they browse the web , checkin with a geolocation , rate items , or consume media . a common problem is to predict what a user might do next for the purposes of guidance , recommendation , or prefetching . first - order and higher - order markov chains have been widely used methods to study such sequences of data . first - order markov chains are easy to estimate , but lack accuracy when history matters . higher - order markov chain ←
→ explainable planning ; as ai is increasingly being adopted into application solutions , the challenge of supporting interaction with humans is becoming more apparent . partly this is to support integrated working styles , in which humans and intelligent systems cooperate in problem - solving , but also it is a necessary step in the process of building trust as humans migrate greater responsibility to such systems . the challenge is to find effective ways to communicate the foundations of ai - driven behaviour , when ←
→ oriented edge forests for boundary detection ; we present a simple , efficient model for learning boundary detection based on a random forest classifier . our approach combines ( 1 ) efficient clustering of training examples based on simple partitioning of the space of local edge orientations and ( 2 ) scale - dependent calibration of individual tree output probabilities prior to multiscale combination . the resulting model outperforms published results on the challenging bsds500 boundary detection benchmark . furthe ←
→ the dutch ' s real world financial institute : introducing quantum - like bayesian networks as an alternative model to deal with uncertainty ; in this work , we analyse and model a real life financial loan application belonging to a sample bank in the netherlands . the log is robust in terms of data , containing a total of 262 200 event logs , belonging to 13 087 different credit applications . the dataset is heterogeneous and consists of a mixture of computer generated automatic processes and manual human tasks . t ←
→ deep learning multi - view representation for face recognition ; various factors , such as identities , views ( poses ), and illuminations , are coupled in face images . disentangling the identity and view representations is a major challenge in face recognition . existing face recognition systems either use handcrafted features or learn features discriminatively to improve recognition accuracy . this is different from the behavior of human brain . intriguingly , even without accessing 3d data , human not only can recog ←
→ dynamic bayesian multinets ; in this work , dynamic bayesian multinets are introduced where a markov chain state at time t determines conditional independence patterns between random variables lying within a local time window surrounding t . it is shown how information - theoretic criterion functions can be used to induce sparse , discriminative , and class - conditional network structures that yield an optimal approximation to the class posterior probability , and therefore are useful for the classification task . u ←
→ algorithms for differentially private multi - armed bandits ; we present differentially private algorithms for the stochastic multi - armed bandit ( mab ) problem . this is a problem for applications such as adaptive clinical trials , experiment design , and user - targeted advertising where private information is connected to individual rewards . our major contribution is to show that there exist $(\ epsilon , \ delta )$ differentially private variants of upper confidence bound algorithms which have optimal regret , $ o (\ ep ←
→ logic tensor networks for semantic image interpretation ; semantic image interpretation ( sii ) is the task of extracting structured semantic descriptions from images . it is widely agreed that the combined use of visual data and background knowledge is of great importance for sii . recently , statistical relational learning ( srl ) approaches have been developed for reasoning under uncertainty and learning in the presence of data and rich knowledge . logic tensor networks ( ltns ) are an srl framework which integrat ←
→ dimension of marginals of kronecker product models ; a kronecker product model is the set of visible marginal probability distributions of an exponential family whose sufficient statistics matrix factorizes as a kronecker product of two matrices , one for the visible variables and one for the hidden variables . we estimate the dimension of these models by the maximum rank of the jacobian in the limit of large parameters . the limit is described by the tropical morphism ; a piecewise linear map with pieces corre ←
→ why size matters : feature coding as nystrom sampling ; recently , the computer vision and machine learning community has been in favor of feature extraction pipelines that rely on a coding step followed by a linear classifier , due to their overall simplicity , well understood properties of linear classifiers , and their computational efficiency . in this paper we propose a novel view of this pipeline based on kernel methods and nystrom sampling . in particular , we focus on the coding of a data point with a local ←
→ materials to the russian - bulgarian comparative dictionary " ead " ; this article presents a fragment of a new comparative dictionary " a comparative dictionary of names of expansive action in russian and bulgarian languages ". main features of the new web - based comparative dictionary are placed , the principles of its formation are shown , primary links between the word - matches are classified . the principal difference between translation dictionaries and the model of double comparison is also shown . the classific ←
→ composite functional gradient learning of generative adversarial models ; generative adversarial networks ( gan ) have become popular for generating data that mimic observations by learning a suitable variable transformation from a random variable . however , empirically , gan is known to suffer from instability . also , the theory provided based on the minimax optimization formulation of gan cannot explain the widely - used practical procedure that uses the so - called logd trick . this paper provides a different theo ←
→ improving ocr accuracy on early printed books using deep convolutional networks ; this paper proposes a combination of a convolutional and a lstm network to improve the accuracy of ocr on early printed books . while the standard model of line based ocr uses a single lstm layer , we utilize a cnn - and pooling - layer combination in advance of an lstm layer . due to the higher amount of trainable parameters the performance of the network relies on a high amount of training examples to unleash its power . hereby , ←
→ contrastive principal component analysis ; we present a new technique called contrastive principal component analysis ( cpca ) that is designed to discover low - dimensional structure that is unique to a dataset , or enriched in one dataset relative to other data . the technique is a generalization of standard pca , for the setting where multiple datasets are available -- e . g . a treatment and a control group , or a mixed versus a homogeneous population -- and the goal is to explore patterns that are specific to one ←
→ maximizing diversity for multimodal optimization ; most multimodal optimization algorithms use the so called \ textit { niching methods }~\ cite { mahfoud1995niching } in order to promote diversity during optimization , while others , like \ textit { artificial immune systems }~\ cite { de2010conceptual } try to find multiple solutions as its main objective . one of such algorithms , called \ textit { dopt - ainet }~\ cite { de2005artificial }, introduced the line distance that measures the distance between two solutions regarding their ←
→ question answering on knowledge bases and text using universal schema and memory networks ; existing question answering methods infer answers either from a knowledge base or from raw text . while knowledge base ( kb ) methods are good at answering compositional questions , their performance is often affected by the incompleteness of the kb . au contraire , web text contains millions of facts that are absent in the kb , however in an unstructured form . {\ it universal schema } can support reasoning on the union of ←
→ computational theories of curiosity - driven learning ; what are the functions of curiosity ? what are the mechanisms of curiosity - driven learning ? we approach these questions using concepts and tools from machine learning and developmental robotics . we argue that curiosity - driven learning enables organisms to make discoveries to solve complex problems with rare or deceptive rewards . by fostering exploration and discovery of a diversity of behavioural skills , and ignoring these rewards , curiosity can be effici ←
→ deeperbind : enhancing prediction of sequence specificities of dna binding proteins ; transcription factors ( tfs ) are macromolecules that bind to \ textit { cis }- regulatory specific sub - regions of dna promoters and initiate transcription . finding the exact location of these binding sites ( aka motifs ) is important in a variety of domains such as drug design and development . to address this need , several \ textit { in vivo } and \ textit { in vitro } techniques have been developed so far that try to characterize and pr ←
→ calculate distance to object in the area where car , using video analysis ; the method of using video cameras installed on the car , to calculate the distance to the object in its area of movement .←
→ safe cooperative robot dynamics on graphs ; this paper initiates the use of vector fields to design , optimize , and implement reactive schedules for safe cooperative robot patterns on planar graphs . we consider automated guided vehicles ( agv ' s ) operating upon a predefined network of pathways . in contrast to the case of locally euclidean configuration spaces , regularization of collisions is no longer a local procedure , and issues concerning the global topology of configuration spaces must be addressed . the fo ←
→ the conduciveness of ca - rule graphs ; given two subsets a and b of nodes in a directed graph , the conduciveness of the graph from a to b is the ratio representing how many of the edges outgoing from nodes in a are incoming to nodes in b . when the graph ' s nodes stand for the possible solutions to certain problems of combinatorial optimization , choosing its edges appropriately has been shown to lead to conduciveness properties that provide useful insight into the performance of algorithms to solve those probl ←
→ improvements to context based self - supervised learning ; we develop a set of methods to improve on the results of self - supervised learning using context . we start with a baseline of patch based arrangement context learning and go from there . our methods address some overt problems such as chromatic aberration as well as other potential problems such as spatial skew and mid - level feature neglect . we prevent problems with testing generalization on common self - supervised benchmark tests by using different data ←
→ v - like formations in flocks of artificial birds ; we consider flocks of artificial birds and study the emergence of v - like formations during flight . we introduce a small set of fully distributed positioning rules to guide the birds ' movements and demonstrate , by means of simulations , that they tend to lead to stabilization into several of the well - known v - like formations that have been observed in nature . we also provide quantitative indicators that we believe are closely related to achieving v - like formati ←
→ compressed gaussian process ; nonparametric regression for massive numbers of samples ( n ) and features ( p ) is an increasingly important problem . in big n settings , a common strategy is to partition the feature space , and then separately apply simple models to each partition set . we propose an alternative approach , which avoids such partitioning and the associated sensitivity to neighborhood choice and distance metrics , by using random compression combined with gaussian process regression . the proposed appro ←
→ pix2face : direct 3d face model estimation ; an efficient , fully automatic method for 3d face shape and pose estimation in unconstrained 2d imagery is presented . the proposed method jointly estimates a dense set of 3d landmarks and facial geometry using a single pass of a modified version of the popular " u - net " neural network architecture . additionally , we propose a method for directly estimating a set of 3d morphable model ( 3dmm ) parameters , using the estimated 3d landmarks and geometry as constraints in a ←
→ alternating maximization : unifying framework for 8 sparse pca formulations and efficient parallel codes ; given a multivariate data set , sparse principal component analysis ( spca ) aims to extract several linear combinations of the variables that together explain the variance in the data as much as possible , while controlling the number of nonzero loadings in these combinations . in this paper we consider 8 different optimization formulations for computing a single sparse loading vector ; these are obtained ←
→ matrix reconstruction with the local max norm ; we introduce a new family of matrix norms , the " local max " norms , generalizing existing methods such as the max norm , the trace norm ( nuclear norm ), and the weighted or smoothed weighted trace norms , which have been extensively used in the literature as regularizers for matrix reconstruction problems . we show that this new family can be used to interpolate between the ( weighted or unweighted ) trace norm and the more conservative max norm . we test this interpol ←
→ on the expressive power of deep learning : a tensor analysis ; it has long been conjectured that hypotheses spaces suitable for data that is compositional in nature , such as text or images , may be more efficiently represented with deep hierarchical networks than with shallow ones . despite the vast empirical evidence supporting this belief , theoretical justifications to date are limited . in particular , they do not account for the locality , sharing and pooling constructs of convolutional networks , the most suc ←
→ live target detection with deep learning neural network and unmanned aerial vehicle on android mobile device ; this paper describes the stages faced during the development of an android program which obtains and decodes live images from dji phantom 3 professional drone and implements certain features of the tensorflow android camera demo application . test runs were made and outputs of the application were noted . a lake was classified as seashore , breakwater and pier with the proximities of 24 . 44 %, 21 . 16 % ←
→ the ontological multidimensional data model ; in this extended abstract we describe , mainly by examples , the main elements of the ontological multidimensional data model , which considerably extends a relational reconstruction of the multidimensional data model proposed by hurtado and mendelzon by means of tuple - generating dependencies , equality - generating dependencies , and negative constraints as found in datalog +-. we briefly mention some good computational properties of the model .←
→ multiclass semi - supervised learning on graphs using ginzburg - landau functional minimization ; we present a graph - based variational algorithm for classification of high - dimensional data , generalizing the binary diffuse interface model to the case of multiple classes . motivated by total variation techniques , the method involves minimizing an energy functional made up of three terms . the first two terms promote a stepwise continuous classification function with sharp transitions between classes , while preser ←
→ learning implicit generative models using differentiable graph tests ; recently , there has been a growing interest in the problem of learning rich implicit models - those from which we can sample , but can not evaluate their density . these models apply some parametric function , such as a deep network , to a base measure , and are learned end - to - end using stochastic optimization . one strategy of devising a loss function is through the statistics of two sample tests - if we can fool a statistical test , the learn ←
→ consistency of trace norm minimization ; regularization by the sum of singular values , also referred to as the trace norm , is a popular technique for estimating low rank rectangular matrices . in this paper , we extend some of the consistency results of the lasso to provide necessary and sufficient conditions for rank consistency of trace norm minimization with the square loss . we also provide an adaptive version that is rank consistent even when the necessary condition for the non adaptive version is not ful ←
→ a neural model for multi - expert architectures ; we present a generalization of conventional artificial neural networks that allows for a functional equivalence to multi - expert systems . the new model provides an architectural freedom going beyond existing multi - expert models and an integrative formalism to compare and combine various techniques of learning . ( we consider gradient , em , reinforcement , and unsupervised learning .) its uniform representation aims at a simple genetic encoding and evolutionary struc ←
→ imitation networks : few - shot learning of neural networks from scratch ; in this paper , we propose imitation networks , a simple but effective method for training neural networks with a limited amount of training data . our approach inherits the idea of knowledge distillation that transfers knowledge from a deep or wide reference model to a shallow or narrow target model . the proposed method employs this idea to mimic predictions of reference estimators that are much more robust against overfitting than the ne ←
→ fast damage recovery in robotics with the t - resilience algorithm ; damage recovery is critical for autonomous robots that need to operate for a long time without assistance . most current methods are complex and costly because they require anticipating each potential damage in order to have a contingency plan ready . as an alternative , we introduce the t - resilience algorithm , a new algorithm that allows robots to quickly and autonomously discover compensatory behaviors in unanticipated situations . this algori ←
→ on the relations of correlation filter based trackers and struck ; in recent years , two types of trackers , namely correlation filter based tracker ( cf tracker ) and structured output tracker ( struck ), have exhibited the state - of - the - art performance . however , there seems to be lack of analytic work on their relations in the computer vision community . in this paper , we investigate two state - of - the - art cf trackers , i . e ., spatial regularization discriminative correlation filter ( srdcf ) and correlation filter wit ←
→ adaptive stratified sampling for monte - carlo integration of differentiable functions ; we consider the problem of adaptive stratified sampling for monte carlo integration of a differentiable function given a finite number of evaluations to the function . we construct a sampling scheme that samples more often in regions where the function oscillates more , while allocating the samples such that they are well spread on the domain ( this notion shares similitude with low discrepancy ). we prove that the estimate ←
→ interpretable apprenticeship learning with temporal logic specifications ; recent work has addressed using formulas in linear temporal logic ( ltl ) as specifications for agents planning in markov decision processes ( mdps ). we consider the inverse problem : inferring an ltl specification from demonstrated behavior trajectories in mdps . we formulate this as a multiobjective optimization problem , and describe state - based (" what actually happened ") and action - based (" what the agent expected to happen ") objective ←
→ a new backpropagation algorithm without gradient descent ; the backpropagation algorithm , which had been originally introduced in the 1970s , is the workhorse of learning in neural networks . this backpropagation algorithm makes use of the famous machine learning algorithm known as gradient descent , which is a first - order iterative optimization algorithm for finding the minimum of a function . to find a local minimum of a function using gradient descent , one takes steps proportional to the negative of the grad ←
→ approaching the computational color constancy as a classification problem through deep learning ; computational color constancy refers to the problem of computing the illuminant color so that the images of a scene under varying illumination can be normalized to an image under the canonical illumination . in this paper , we adopt a deep learning framework for the illumination estimation problem . the proposed method works under the assumption of uniform illumination over the scene and aims for the accurate il ←
→ optimized clothes segmentation to boost gender classification in unconstrained scenarios ; several applications require demographic information of ordinary people in unconstrained scenarios . this is not a trivial task due to significant human appearance variations . in this work , we introduce trixels for clustering image regions , enumerating their advantages compared to superpixels . the classical grabcut algorithm is later modified to segment trixels instead of pixels in an unsupervised context . combining ←
→ merging knowledge bases in possibilistic logic by lexicographic aggregation ; belief merging is an important but difficult problem in artificial intelligence , especially when sources of information are pervaded with uncertainty . many merging operators have been proposed to deal with this problem in possibilistic logic , a weighted logic which is powerful for handling inconsistency and deal - ing with uncertainty . they often result in a possibilistic knowledge base which is a set of weighted formulas . althou ←
→ covariate conscious approach for gait recognition based upon zernike moment invariants ; gait recognition i . e . identification of an individual from his / her walking pattern is an emerging field . while existing gait recognition techniques perform satisfactorily in normal walking conditions , there performance tend to suffer drastically with variations in clothing and carrying conditions . in this work , we propose a novel covariate cognizant framework to deal with the presence of such covariates . we describe g ←
→ the application of differential privacy for rank aggregation : privacy and accuracy ; the potential risk of privacy leakage prevents users from sharing their honest opinions on social platforms . this paper addresses the problem of privacy preservation if the query returns the histogram of rankings . the framework of differential privacy is applied to rank aggregation . the error probability of the aggregated ranking is analyzed as a result of noise added in order to achieve differential privacy . upper bounds ←
→ on the relative expressiveness of argumentation frameworks , normal logic programs and abstract dialectical frameworks ; we analyse the expressiveness of the two - valued semantics of abstract argumentation frameworks , normal logic programs and abstract dialectical frameworks . by expressiveness we mean the ability to encode a desired set of two - valued interpretations over a given propositional signature using only atoms from that signature . while the computational complexity of the two - valued model existence ←
→ a non - generative framework and convex relaxations for unsupervised learning ; we give a novel formal theoretical framework for unsupervised learning with two distinctive characteristics . first , it does not assume any generative model and based on a worst - case performance metric . second , it is comparative , namely performance is measured with respect to a given hypothesis class . this allows to avoid known computational hardness results and improper algorithms based on convex relaxations . we show how several ←
→ forecasting player behavioral data and simulating in - game events ; understanding player behavior is fundamental in game data science . video games evolve as players interact with the game , so being able to foresee player experience would help to ensure a successful game development . in particular , game developers need to evaluate beforehand the impact of in - game events . simulation optimization of these events is crucial to increase player engagement and maximize monetization . we present an experimental analy ←
→ weighted parallel sgd for distributed unbalanced - workload training system ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is a popular stochastic optimization method in machine learning . traditional parallel sgd algorithms , e . g ., simuparallel sgd , often require all nodes to have the same performance or to consume equal quantities of data . however , these requirements are difficult to satisfy when the parallel sgd algorithms run in a heterogeneous computing environment ; low - performance nodes will exert a negative influ ←
→ quantum image classification using principal component analysis ; we present a novel quantum algorithm for classification of images . the algorithm is constructed using principal component analysis and von neuman quantum measurements . in order to apply the algorithm we present a new quantum representation of grayscale images .←
→ hybrid gradient boosting trees and neural networks for forecasting operating room data ; time series data constitutes a distinct and growing problem in machine learning . as the corpus of time series data grows larger , deep models that simultaneously learn features and classify with these features can be intractable or suboptimal . in this paper , we present feature learning via long short term memory ( lstm ) networks and prediction via gradient boosting trees ( xgb ). focusing on the consequential setting of e ←
→ database of parliamentary speeches in ireland , 1919 - 2013 ; we present a database of parliamentary debates that contains the complete record of parliamentary speeches from d \' ail \' eireann , the lower house and principal chamber of the irish parliament , from 1919 to 2013 . in addition , the database contains background information on all tds ( teachta d \' ala , members of parliament ), such as their party affiliations , constituencies and office positions . the current version of the database includes close to 4 . 5 mi ←
→ exploring and measuring non - linear correlations : copulas , lightspeed transportation and clustering ; we propose a methodology to explore and measure the pairwise correlations that exist between variables in a dataset . the methodology leverages copulas for encoding dependence between two variables , state - of - the - art optimal transport for providing a relevant geometry to the copulas , and clustering for summarizing the main dependence patterns found between the variables . some of the clusters centers can be u ←
→ measuring the non - asymptotic convergence of sequential monte carlo samplers using probabilistic programming ; a key limitation of sampling algorithms for approximate inference is that it is difficult to quantify their approximation error . widely used sampling schemes , such as sequential importance sampling with resampling and metropolis - hastings , produce output samples drawn from a distribution that may be far from the target posterior distribution . this paper shows how to upper - bound the symmetric kl div ←
→ bayesian poisson tucker decomposition for learning the structure of international relations ; we introduce bayesian poisson tucker decomposition ( bptd ) for modeling country -- country interaction event data . these data consist of interaction events of the form " country $ i $ took action $ a $ toward country $ j $ at time $ t $." bptd discovers overlapping country -- community memberships , including the number of latent communities . in addition , it discovers directed community -- community interaction networks that are ←
→ ubuntuworld 1 . 0 lts - a platform for automated problem solving & troubleshooting in the ubuntu os ; in this paper , we present ubuntuworld 1 . 0 lts - a platform for developing automated technical support agents in the ubuntu operating system . specifically , we propose to use the bash terminal as a simulator of the ubuntu environment for a learning - based agent and demonstrate the usefulness of adopting reinforcement learning ( rl ) techniques for basic problem solving and troubleshooting in this environment . we ←
→ is the deconvolution layer the same as a convolutional layer ? ; in this note , we want to focus on aspects related to two questions most people asked us at cvpr about the network we presented . firstly , what is the relationship between our proposed layer and the deconvolution layer ? and secondly , why are convolutions in low - resolution ( lr ) space a better choice ? these are key questions we tried to answer in the paper , but we were not able to go into as much depth and clarity as we would have liked in the spac ←
→ multiclass learning approaches : a theoretical comparison with implications ; we theoretically analyze and compare the following five popular multiclass classification methods : one vs . all , all pairs , tree - based classifiers , error correcting output codes ( ecoc ) with randomly generated code matrices , and multiclass svm . in the first four methods , the classification is based on a reduction to binary classification . we consider the case where the binary classifier comes from a class of vc dimension $ d $, and i ←
→ scalable label propagation for multi - relational learning on tensor product graph ; label propagation on the tensor product of multiple graphs can infer multi - relations among the entities across the graphs by learning labels in a tensor . however , the tensor formulation is only empirically scalable up to three graphs due to the exponential complexity of computing tensors . in this paper , we propose an optimization formulation and a scalable lowrank tensor - based label propagation algorithm ( lowranktlp ). the o ←
→ the algebra of utility inference ; richard cox [ 1 ] set the axiomatic foundations of probable inference and the algebra of propositions . he showed that consistency within these axioms requires certain rules for updating belief . in this paper we use the analogy between probability and utility introduced in [ 2 ] to propose an axiomatic foundation for utility inference and the algebra of preferences . we show that consistency within these axioms requires certain rules for updating preference . we discuss a class o ←
→ rehar : robust and efficient human activity recognition ; designing a scheme that can achieve a good performance in predicting single person activities and group activities is a challenging task . in this paper , we propose a novel robust and efficient human activity recognition scheme called rehar , which can be used to handle single person activities and group activities prediction . first , we generate an optical flow image for each video frame . then , both video frames and their corresponding optical flow imag ←
→ unsupervised discovery of el nino using causal feature learning on microlevel climate data ; we show that the climate phenomena of el nino and la nina arise naturally as states of macro - variables when our recent causal feature learning framework ( chalupka 2015 , chalupka 2016 ) is applied to micro - level measures of zonal wind ( zw ) and sea surface temperatures ( sst ) taken over the equatorial band of the pacific ocean . the method identifies these unusual climate states on the basis of the relation between zw ←
→ an agent - based framework for cooperation in supply chain ; supply chain coordination has become a critical success factor for supply chain management ( scm ) and effectively improving the performance of organizations in various industries . companies are increasingly located at the intersection of one or more corporate networks which are designated by " supply chain ". managing this chain is mainly based on an ' information sharing ' and redeployment activities between the various links that comprise it . several a ←
→ jade : joint autoencoders for dis - entanglement ; the problem of feature disentanglement has been explored in the literature , for the purpose of image and video processing and text analysis . state - of - the - art methods for disentangling feature representations rely on the presence of many labeled samples . in this work , we present a novel method for disentangling factors of variation in data - scarce regimes . specifically , we explore the application of feature disentangling for the problem of supervised classificat ←
→ kgeval : estimating accuracy of automatically constructed knowledge graphs ; automatic construction of large knowledge graphs ( kg ) by mining web - scale text datasets has received considerable attention recently . estimating accuracy of such automatically constructed kgs is a challenging problem due to their size and diversity . this important problem has largely been ignored in prior research we fill this gap and propose kgeval . kgeval binds facts of a kg using coupling constraints and crowdsources the facts ←
→ challenges in kurdish text processing ; despite having a large number of speakers , the kurdish language is among the less - resourced languages . in this work we highlight the challenges and problems in providing the required tools and techniques for processing texts written in kurdish . from a high - level perspective , the main challenges are : the inherent diversity of the language , standardization and segmentation issues , and the lack of language resources .←
→ optimal multiple surface segmentation with convex priors in irregularly sampled space ; optimal surface segmentation is widely used in numerous medical image segmentation applications . however , nodes in the graph based optimal surface segmentation method typically encode uniformly distributed orthogonal voxels of the volume . thus the segmentation cannot attain an accuracy greater than a single unit voxel , i . e . the distance between two adjoining nodes in graph space . segmentation accuracy higher than a uni ←
→ learning boltzmann machine with em - like method ; we propose an expectation - maximization - like ( emlike ) method to train boltzmann machine with unconstrained connectivity . it adopts monte carlo approximation in the e - step , and replaces the intractable likelihood objective with efficiently computed objectives or directly approximates the gradient of likelihood objective in the m - step . the em - like method is a modification of alternating minimization . we prove that em - like method will be the exactly same with cont ←
→ mapping the world population one building at a time ; high resolution datasets of population density which accurately map sparsely - distributed human populations do not exist at a global scale . typically , population data is obtained using censuses and statistical modeling . more recently , methods using remotely - sensed data have emerged , capable of effectively identifying urbanized areas . obtaining high accuracy in estimation of population distribution in rural areas remains a very challenging task due to the ←
→ an end - to - end neural network for polyphonic piano music transcription ; we present a supervised neural network model for polyphonic piano music transcription . the architecture of the proposed model is analogous to speech recognition systems and comprises an acoustic model and a music language model . the acoustic model is a neural network used for estimating the probabilities of pitches in a frame of audio . the language model is a recurrent neural network that models the correlations between pitch combinatio ←
→ improved relation extraction with feature - rich compositional embedding models ; compositional embedding models build a representation ( or embedding ) for a linguistic structure based on its component word embeddings . we propose a feature - rich compositional embedding model ( fcm ) for relation extraction that is expressive , generalizes to new domains , and is easy - to - implement . the key idea is to combine both ( unlexicalized ) hand - crafted features with learned word embeddings . the model is able to directly tack ←
→ reconstruction of markov random fields from samples : some easy observations and algorithms ; markov random fields are used to model high dimensional distributions in a number of applied areas . much recent interest has been devoted to the reconstruction of the dependency structure from independent samples from the markov random fields . we analyze a simple algorithm for reconstructing the underlying graph defining a markov random field on $ n $ nodes and maximum degree $ d $ given observations . we show that und ←
→ efficient implementation of the plan graph in stan ; stan is a graphplan - based planner , so - called because it uses a variety of state analysis techniques to enhance its performance . stan competed in the aips - 98 planning competition where it compared well with the other competitors in terms of speed , finding solutions fastest to many of the problems posed . although the domain analysis techniques stan exploits are an important factor in its overall performance , we believe that the speed at which stan solved th ←
→ identifying finite mixtures of nonparametric product distributions and causal inference of confounders ; we propose a kernel method to identify finite mixtures of nonparametric product distributions . it is based on a hilbert space embedding of the joint distribution . the rank of the constructed tensor is equal to the number of mixture components . we present an algorithm to recover the components by partitioning the data points into clusters such that the variables are jointly conditionally independent giv ←
→ towards ontology driven learning of visual concept detectors ; the maturity of deep learning techniques has led in recent years to a breakthrough in object recognition in visual media . while for some specific benchmarks , neural techniques seem to match if not outperform human judgement , challenges are still open for detecting arbitrary concepts in arbitrary videos . in this paper , we propose a system that combines neural techniques , a large scale visual concepts ontology , and an active learning loop , to prov ←
→ aggregation using input - output trade - off ; in this paper , we introduce a new learning strategy based on a seminal idea of mojirsheibani ( 1999 , 2000 , 2002a , 2002b ), who proposed a smart method for combining several classifiers , relying on a consensus notion . in many aggregation methods , the prediction for a new observation x is computed by building a linear or convex combination over a collection of basic estimators r1 ( x ),. .. , rm ( x ) previously calibrated using a training data set . mojirsheibani proposes to ←
→ reinforcement learning on web interfaces using workflow - guided exploration ; reinforcement learning ( rl ) agents improve through trial - and - error , but when reward is sparse and the agent cannot discover successful action sequences , learning stagnates . this has been a notable problem in training deep rl agents to perform web - based tasks , such as booking flights or replying to emails , where a single mistake can ruin the entire sequence of actions . a common remedy is to " warm - start " the agent by pre - training i ←
→ evaluating go game records for prediction of player attributes ; we propose a way of extracting and aggregating per - move evaluations from sets of go game records . the evaluations capture different aspects of the games such as played patterns or statistic of sente / gote sequences . using machine learning algorithms , the evaluations can be utilized to predict different relevant target variables . we apply this methodology to predict the strength and playing style of the player ( e . g . territoriality or aggressivit ←
→ learning robot activities from first - person human videos using convolutional future regression ; we design a new approach that allows robot learning of new activities from unlabeled human example videos . given videos of humans executing the same activity from a human ' s viewpoint ( i . e ., first - person videos ), our objective is to make the robot learn the temporal structure of the activity as its future regression network , and learn to transfer such model for its own motor execution . we present a new deep lea ←
→ a machine learning approach to predicting the smoothed complexity of sorting algorithms ; smoothed analysis is a framework for analyzing the complexity of an algorithm , acting as a bridge between average and worst - case behaviour . for example , quicksort and the simplex algorithm are widely used in practical applications , despite their heavy worst - case complexity . smoothed complexity aims to better characterize such algorithms . existing theoretical bounds for the smoothed complexity of sorting algorithms ar ←
→ random erasing data augmentation ; in this paper , we introduce random erasing , a new data augmentation method for training the convolutional neural network ( cnn ). in training , random erasing randomly selects a rectangle region in an image and erases its pixels with random values . in this process , training images with various levels of occlusion are generated , which reduces the risk of over - fitting and makes the model robust to occlusion . random erasing is parameter learning free , easy to implement , and can ←
→ tree - dependent component analysis ; we present a generalization of independent component analysis ( ica ), where instead of looking for a linear transform that makes the data components independent , we look for a transform that makes the data components well fit by a tree - structured graphical model . treating the problem as a semiparametric statistical problem , we show that the optimal transform is found by minimizing a contrast function based on mutual information , a function that directly extends the contras ←
→ cognitive architecture for direction of attention founded on subliminal memory searches , pseudorandom and nonstop ; by way of explaining how a brain works logically , human associative memory is modeled with logical and memory neurons , corresponding to standard digital circuits . the resulting cognitive architecture incorporates basic psychological elements such as short term and long term memory . novel to the architecture are memory searches using cues chosen pseudorandomly from short term memory . recalls ←
→ learning nonlinear functions using regularized greedy forest ; we consider the problem of learning a forest of nonlinear decision rules with general loss functions . the standard methods employ boosted decision trees such as adaboost for exponential loss and friedman ' s gradient boosting for general loss . in contrast to these traditional boosting algorithms that treat a tree learner as a black box , the method we propose directly learns decision forests via fully - corrective regularized greedy search using the ←
→ statistical analysis of the indus script using $ n $- grams ; the indus script is one of the major undeciphered scripts of the ancient world . the small size of the corpus , the absence of bilingual texts , and the lack of definite knowledge of the underlying language has frustrated efforts at decipherment since the discovery of the remains of the indus civilisation . recently , some researchers have questioned the premise that the indus script encodes spoken language . building on previous statistical approaches , w ←
→ online event recognition from moving vessel trajectories ; we present a system for online monitoring of maritime activity over streaming positions from numerous vessels sailing at sea . it employs an online tracking module for detecting important changes in the evolving trajectory of each vessel across time , and thus can incrementally retain concise , yet reliable summaries of its recent movement . in addition , thanks to its complex event recognition module , this system can also offer instant notification to m ←
→ programming patterns in dataflow matrix machines and generalized recurrent neural nets ; dataflow matrix machines arise naturally in the context of synchronous dataflow programming with linear streams . they can be viewed as a rather powerful generalization of recurrent neural networks . similarly to recurrent neural networks , large classes of dataflow matrix machines are described by matrices of numbers , and therefore dataflow matrix machines can be synthesized by computing their matrices . at the same time ←
→ unsupervised extraction of video highlights via robust recurrent auto - encoders ; with the growing popularity of short - form video sharing platforms such as \ em { instagram } and \ em { vine }, there has been an increasing need for techniques that automatically extract highlights from video . whereas prior works have approached this problem with heuristic rules or supervised learning , we present an unsupervised learning approach that takes advantage of the abundance of user - edited videos on social media websites su ←
→ resolving references to objects in photographs using the words - as - classifiers model ; a common use of language is to refer to visually present objects . modelling it in computers requires modelling the link between language and perception . the " words as classifiers " model of grounded semantics views words as classifiers of perceptual contexts , and composes the meaning of a phrase through composition of the denotations of its component words . it was recently shown to perform well in a game - playing scenario ←
→ pose estimation using local structure - specific shape and appearance context ; we address the problem of estimating the alignment pose between two models using structure - specific local descriptors . our descriptors are generated using a combination of 2d image data and 3d contextual shape data , resulting in a set of semi - local descriptors containing rich appearance and shape information for both edge and texture structures . this is achieved by defining feature space relations which describe the neighborhood ←
→ representation - aggregation networks for segmentation of multi - gigapixel histology images ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) models have become the state - of - the - art for most computer vision tasks with natural images . however , these are not best suited for multi - gigapixel resolution whole slide images ( wsis ) of histology slides due to large size of these images . current approaches construct smaller patches from wsis which results in the loss of contextual information . we propose to capture the spatial con ←
→ modeling colors of single attribute variations with application to food appearance ; this paper considers the intra - image color - space of an object or a scene when these are subject to a dominant single - source of variation . the source of variation can be intrinsic or extrinsic ( i . e ., imaging conditions ) to the object . we observe that the quantized colors for such objects typically lie on a planar subspace of rgb , and in some cases linear or polynomial curves on this plane are effective in capturing these c ←
→ invariant spectral hashing of image saliency graph ; image hashing is the process of associating a short vector of bits to an image . the resulting summaries are useful in many applications including image indexing , image authentication and pattern recognition . these hashes need to be invariant under transformations of the image that result in similar visual content , but should drastically differ for conceptually distinct contents . this paper proposes an image hashing method that is invariant under rotation ,←
→ organics : a theory of working memory in brains and machines ; working memory is a cognitive process that is responsible for temporarily holding and manipulating information . most of the empirical neuroscience research on working memory has focused on measuring sustained activity in prefrontal cortex ( pfc ) and / or parietal cortex during simple delayed - response tasks , and most of the models of working memory have been based on neural integrators . but working memory means much more than just holding a piece of ←
→ novel ranking - based lexical similarity measure for word embedding ; distributional semantics models derive word space from linguistic items in context . meaning is obtained by defining a distance measure between vectors corresponding to lexical entities . such vectors present several problems . in this paper we provide a guideline for post process improvements to the baseline vectors . we focus on refining the similarity aspect , address imperfections of the model by applying the hubness reduction method , implem ←
→ mixed - norm regularization for brain decoding ; this work investigates the use of mixed - norm regularization for sensor selection in event - related potential ( erp ) based brain - computer interfaces ( bci ). the classification problem is cast as a discriminative optimization framework where sensor selection is induced through the use of mixed - norms . this framework is extended to the multi - task learning situation where several similar classification tasks related to different subjects are learned simultaneously . in ←
→ cups products in z2 - cohomology of 3d polyhedral complexes ; let $ i =(\ mathbb { z }^ 3 , 26 , 6 , b )$ be a 3d digital image , let $ q ( i )$ be the associated cubical complex and let $\ partial q ( i )$ be the subcomplex of $ q ( i )$ whose maximal cells are the quadrangles of $ q ( i )$ shared by a voxel of $ b $ in the foreground -- the object under study -- and by a voxel of $\ mathbb { z }^ 3 \ smallsetminus b $ in the background -- the ambient space . we show how to simplify the combinatorial structure of $\ partial q ( i )$ and obtain a 3d poly ←
→ what does a conditional knowledge base entail ? ; this paper presents a logical approach to nonmonotonic reasoning based on the notion of a nonmonotonic consequence relation . a conditional knowledge base , consisting of a set of conditional assertions of the type " if ... then ...", represents the explicit defeasible knowledge an agent has about the way the world generally behaves . we look for a plausible definition of the set of all conditional assertions entailed by a conditional knowledge base . in a previou ←
→ a multilayer convolutional encoder - decoder neural network for grammatical error correction ; we improve automatic correction of grammatical , orthographic , and collocation errors in text using a multilayer convolutional encoder - decoder neural network . the network is initialized with embeddings that make use of character n - gram information to better suit this task . when evaluated on common benchmark test data sets ( conll - 2014 and jfleg ), our model substantially outperforms all prior neural approaches on thi ←
→ evaluating scoped meaning representations ; semantic parsing offers many opportunities to improve natural language understanding . we present a semantically annotated parallel corpus for english , german , italian , and dutch where sentences are aligned with scoped meaning representations in order to capture the semantics of negation , modals , quantification , and presupposition triggers . the semantic formalism is based on discourse representation theory , but concepts are represented by wordnet synsets and themat ←
→ clickbait detection using word embeddings ; clickbait is a pejorative term describing web content that is aimed at generating online advertising revenue , especially at the expense of quality or accuracy , relying on sensationalist headlines or eye - catching thumbnail pictures to attract click - throughs and to encourage forwarding of the material over online social networks . we use distributed word representations of the words in the title as features to identify clickbaits in online news media . we train a mach ←
→ path integral networks : end - to - end differentiable optimal control ; in this paper , we introduce path integral networks ( pi - net ), a recurrent network representation of the path integral optimal control algorithm . the network includes both system dynamics and cost models , used for optimal control based planning . pi - net is fully differentiable , learning both dynamics and cost models end - to - end by back - propagation and stochastic gradient descent . because of this , pi - net can learn to plan . pi - net has several adv ←
→ tvm : end - to - end optimization stack for deep learning ; scalable frameworks , such as tensorflow , mxnet , caffe , and pytorch drive the current popularity and utility of deep learning . however , these frameworks are optimized for a narrow range of server - class gpus and deploying workloads to other platforms such as mobile phones , embedded devices , and specialized accelerators ( e . g ., fpgas , asics ) requires laborious manual effort . we propose tvm , an end - to - end optimization stack that exposes graph - level and opera ←
→ a java implementation of parameter - less evolutionary algorithms ; the parameter - less genetic algorithm was first presented by harik and lobo in 1999 as an alternative to the usual trial - and - error method of finding , for each given problem , an acceptable set - up of the parameter values of the genetic algorithm . since then , the same strategy has been successfully applied to create parameter - less versions of other population - based search algorithms such as the extended compact genetic algorithm and the hierarchi ←
→ compression - based regularization with an application to multi - task learning ; this paper investigates , from information theoretic grounds , a learning problem based on the principle that any regularity in a given dataset can be exploited to extract compact features from data , i . e ., using fewer bits than needed to fully describe the data itself , in order to build meaningful representations of a relevant content ( multiple labels ). we begin by introducing the noisy lossy source coding paradigm with the log - lo ←
→ quantum deep learning ; in recent years , deep learning has had a profound impact on machine learning and artificial intelligence . at the same time , algorithms for quantum computers have been shown to efficiently solve some problems that are intractable on conventional , classical computers . we show that quantum computing not only reduces the time required to train a deep restricted boltzmann machine , but also provides a richer and more comprehensive framework for deep learning than classical computing and le ←
→ detecting and classifying lesions in mammograms with deep learning ; in the last two decades computer aided diagnostics ( cad ) systems were developed to help radiologists analyze screening mammograms . the benefits of current cad technologies appear to be contradictory and they should be improved to be ultimately considered useful . since 2012 deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have been a tremendous success in image recognition , reaching human performance . these methods have greatly surpassed the tradit ←
→ a discussion on the validation tests employed to compare human action recognition methods using the msr action3d dataset ; this paper aims to determine which is the best human action recognition method based on features extracted from rgb - d devices , such as the microsoft kinect . a review of all the papers that make reference to msr action3d , the most used dataset that includes depth information acquired from a rgb - d device , has been performed . we found that the validation method used by each work differs ←
→ ordinal constrained binary code learning for nearest neighbor search ; recent years have witnessed extensive attention in binary code learning , a . k . a . hashing , for nearest neighbor search problems . it has been seen that high - dimensional data points can be quantized into binary codes to give an efficient similarity approximation via hamming distance . among existing schemes , ranking - based hashing is recent promising that targets at preserving ordinal relations of ranking in the hamming space to minimize retri ←
→ flatcam : thin , bare - sensor cameras using coded aperture and computation ; flatcam is a thin form - factor lensless camera that consists of a coded mask placed on top of a bare , conventional sensor array . unlike a traditional , lens - based camera where an image of the scene is directly recorded on the sensor pixels , each pixel in flatcam records a linear combination of light from multiple scene elements . a computational algorithm is then used to demultiplex the recorded measurements and reconstruct an image of t ←
→ rough sets and matroidal contraction ; rough sets are efficient for data pre - processing in data mining . as a generalization of the linear independence in vector spaces , matroids provide well - established platforms for greedy algorithms . in this paper , we apply rough sets to matroids and study the contraction of the dual of the corresponding matroid . first , for an equivalence relation on a universe , a matroidal structure of the rough set is established through the lower approximation operator . second , the dua ←
→ entropy - isomap : manifold learning for high - dimensional dynamic processes ; scientific and engineering processes produce massive high - dimensional data sets that are generated as highly non - linear transformations of an initial state and few process parameters . mapping such data to a low - dimensional manifold can facilitate better understanding of the underlying process , and ultimately their optimization . we show that off - the - shelf non - linear spectral dimensionality methods , such as isomap , fail for such data , ←
→ features fusion for classification of logos ; in this paper , a logo classification system based on the appearance of logo images is proposed . the proposed classification system makes use of global characteristics of logo images for classification . color , texture , and shape of a logo wholly describe the global characteristics of logo images . the various combinations of these characteristics are used for classification . the combination contains only with single feature or with fusion of two features or fusion ←
→ burst denoising with kernel prediction networks ; we present a technique for jointly denoising bursts of images taken from a handheld camera . in particular , we propose a convolutional neural network architecture for predicting spatially varying kernels that can both align and denoise frames , a synthetic data generation approach based on a realistic noise formation model , and an optimization guided by an annealed loss function to avoid undesirable local minima . our model matches or outperforms the state - of - t ←
→ feature selection for bayesian evaluation of trauma death risk ; in the last year more than 70 , 000 people have been brought to the uk hospitals with serious injuries . each time a clinician has to urgently take a patient through a screening procedure to make a reliable decision on the trauma treatment . typically , such procedure comprises around 20 tests ; however the condition of a trauma patient remains very difficult to be tested properly . what happens if these tests are ambiguously interpreted , and informa ←
→ speed learning on the fly ; the practical performance of online stochastic gradient descent algorithms is highly dependent on the chosen step size , which must be tediously hand - tuned in many applications . the same is true for more advanced variants of stochastic gradients , such as saga , svrg , or adagrad . here we propose to adapt the step size by performing a gradient descent on the step size itself , viewing the whole performance of the learning trajectory as a function of step size . importantly , this adapta ←
→ empirical learning aided by weak domain knowledge in the form of feature importance ; standard hybrid learners that use domain knowledge require stronger knowledge that is hard and expensive to acquire . however , weaker domain knowledge can benefit from prior knowledge while being cost effective . weak knowledge in the form of feature relative importance ( fri ) is presented and explained . feature relative importance is a real valued approximation of a feature ' s importance provided by experts . advantage of us ←
→ multi - player bandits revisited ; multi - player multi - armed bandits ( mab ) have been extensively studied in the literature , motivated by applications to cognitive radio systems . driven by such applications as well , we motivate the introduction of several levels of feedback for multi - player mab algorithms . most existing work assume that sensing information is available to the algorithm . under this assumption , we improve the state - of - the - art lower bound for the regret of any decentralized algorithms and introduc ←
→ transfer learning for video recognition with scarce training data for deep convolutional neural network ; unconstrained video recognition and deep convolution network ( dcn ) are two active topics in computer vision recently . in this work , we apply dcns as frame - based recognizers for video recognition . our preliminary studies , however , show that video corpora with complete ground truth are usually not large and diverse enough to learn a robust model . the networks trained directly on the video data set suffe ←
→ zero - resource translation with multi - lingual neural machine translation ; in this paper , we propose a novel finetuning algorithm for the recently introduced multi - way , mulitlingual neural machine translate that enables zero - resource machine translation . when used together with novel many - to - one translation strategies , we empirically show that this finetuning algorithm allows the multi - way , multilingual model to translate a zero - resource language pair ( 1 ) as well as a single - pair neural translation model tra ←
→ conditional activation for diverse neurons in heterogeneous networks ; in this paper , we propose a new scheme for modelling the diverse behavior of neurons . we introduce the conditional activation , in which a neurons activation function is dynamically modified by a control signal . we apply this method to recreate behavior of special neurons existing in the human auditory and visual system . a heterogeneous multilayered perceptron ( mlp ) incorporating the developed models demonstrates simultaneous improvement ←
→ a proximity - aware hierarchical clustering of faces ; in this paper , we propose an unsupervised face clustering algorithm called " proximity - aware hierarchical clustering " ( pahc ) that exploits the local structure of deep representations . in the proposed method , a similarity measure between deep features is computed by evaluating linear svm margins . svms are trained using nearest neighbors of sample data , and thus do not require any external training data . clusters are then formed by thresholding the similarit ←
→ osu multimodal machine translation system report ; this paper describes oregon state university ' s submissions to the shared wmt ' 17 task " multimodal translation task i ". in this task , all the sentence pairs are image captions in different languages . the key difference between this task and conventional machine translation is that we have corresponding images as additional information for each sentence pair . in this paper , we introduce a simple but effective system which takes an image shared between differen ←
→ deep learning with differential privacy ; machine learning techniques based on neural networks are achieving remarkable results in a wide variety of domains . often , the training of models requires large , representative datasets , which may be crowdsourced and contain sensitive information . the models should not expose private information in these datasets . addressing this goal , we develop new algorithmic techniques for learning and a refined analysis of privacy costs within the framework of differential priv ←
→ opinion mining of movie reviews at document level ; the whole world is changed rapidly and using the current technologies internet becomes an essential need for everyone . web is used in every field . most of the people use web for a common purpose like online shopping , chatting etc . during an online shopping large number of reviews / opinions are given by the users that reflect whether the product is good or bad . these reviews need to be explored , analyse and organized for better decision making . opinion minin ←
→ inequality constraints in causal models with hidden variables ; we present a class of inequality constraints on the set of distributions induced by local interventions on variables governed by a causal bayesian network , in which some of the variables remain unmeasured . we derive bounds on causal effects that are not directly measured in randomized experiments . we derive instrumental inequality type of constraints on nonexperimental distributions . the results have applications in testing causal models with o ←
→ variation of word frequencies in russian literary texts ; we study the variation of word frequencies in russian literary texts . our findings indicate that the standard deviation of a word ' s frequency across texts depends on its average frequency according to a power law with exponent $ 0 . 62 ,$ showing that the rarer words have a relatively larger degree of frequency volatility ( i . e ., " burstiness "). several latent factors models have been estimated to investigate the structure of the word frequency distribut ←
→ relation extraction from clinical texts using domain invariant convolutional neural network ; in recent years extracting relevant information from biomedical and clinical texts such as research articles , discharge summaries , or electronic health records have been a subject of many research efforts and shared challenges . relation extraction is the process of detecting and classifying the semantic relation among entities in a given piece of texts . existing models for this task in biomedical domain use eithe ←
→ arabic language learning assisted by computer , based on automatic speech recognition ; this work consists of creating a system of the computer assisted language learning ( call ) based on a system of automatic speech recognition ( asr ) for the arabic language using the tool cmu sphinx3 [ 1 ], based on the approach of hmm . to this work , we have constructed a corpus of six hours of speech recordings with a number of nine speakers . we find in the robustness to noise a grounds for the choice of the hmm approach [ 2 ←
→ james - stein type center pixel weights for non - local means image denoising ; non - local means ( nlm ) and variants have been proven to be effective and robust in many image denoising tasks . in this letter , we study the parameter selection problem of center pixel weights ( cpw ) in nlm . our key contributions are : 1 ) we give a novel formulation of the cpw problem from the statistical shrinkage perspective ; 2 ) we introduce the james - stein type cpws for nlm ; and 3 ) we propose a new adaptive cpw that is locally tune ←
→ rerendering semantic ontologies : automatic extensions to umls through corpus analytics ; in this paper , we discuss the utility and deficiencies of existing ontology resources for a number of language processing applications . we describe a technique for increasing the semantic type coverage of a specific ontology , the national library of medicine ' s umls , with the use of robust finite state methods used in conjunction with large - scale corpus analytics of the domain corpus . we call this technique " semantic r ←
→ a web - based tool for analysing normative documents in english ; our goal is to use formal methods to analyse normative documents written in english , such as privacy policies and service - level agreements . this requires the combination of a number of different elements , including information extraction from natural language , formal languages for model representation , and an interface for property specification and verification . we have worked on a collection of components for this task : a natural language ext ←
→ retinal vasculature segmentation using local saliency maps and generative adversarial networks for image super resolution ; we propose an image super resolution ( isr ) method using generative adversarial networks ( gans ) that takes a low resolution input fundus image and generates a high resolution super resolved ( sr ) image upto scaling factor of $ 16 $. this facilitates more accurate automated image analysis , especially for small or blurred landmarks and pathologies . local saliency maps , which define each pix ←
→ neuroevolution - based inverse reinforcement learning ; the problem of learning from demonstration is targeted at learning to perform tasks based on observed examples . one approach to learning from demonstration is inverse reinforcement learning , in which actions are observed to infer rewards . this work combines a feature based state evaluation approach to inverse reinforcement learning with neuroevolution , a paradigm for modifying neural networks based on their performance on a given task . neural networks ar ←
→ day - ahead solar forecasting based on multi - level solar measurements ; the growing proliferation in solar deployment , especially at distribution level , has made the case for power system operators to develop more accurate solar forecasting models . this paper proposes a solar photovoltaic ( pv ) generation forecasting model based on multi - level solar measurements and utilizing a nonlinear autoregressive with exogenous input ( narx ) model to improve the training and achieve better forecasts . the proposed model co ←
→ a comprehensive study on the applications of machine learning for diagnosis of cancer ; collectively , lung cancer , breast cancer and melanoma was diagnosed in over 535 , 340 people out of which , 209 , 400 deaths were reported [ 13 ]. it is estimated that over 600 , 000 people will be diagnosed with these forms of cancer in 2015 . most of the deaths from lung cancer , breast cancer and melanoma result due to late detection . all of these cancers , if detected early , are 100 % curable . in this study , we develop and eval ←
→ compressive sensing of color images using nonlocal higher order dictionary ; this paper addresses an ill - posed problem of recovering a color image from its compressively sensed measurement data . differently from the typical 1d vector - based approach of the state - of - the - art methods , we exploit the nonlocal similarities inherently existing in images by treating each patch of a color image as a 3d tensor consisting of not only horizontal and vertical but also spectral dimensions . a group of nonlocal similar p ←
→ parametrized stochastic multi - armed bandits with binary rewards ; in this paper , we consider the problem of multi - armed bandits with a large , possibly infinite number of correlated arms . we assume that the arms have bernoulli distributed rewards , independent across time , where the probabilities of success are parametrized by known attribute vectors for each arm , as well as an unknown preference vector , each of dimension $ n $. for this model , we seek an algorithm with a total regret that is sub - linear in time ←
→ answer sequence learning with neural networks for answer selection in community question answering ; in this paper , the answer selection problem in community question answering ( cqa ) is regarded as an answer sequence labeling task , and a novel approach is proposed based on the recurrent architecture for this problem . our approach applies convolution neural networks ( cnns ) to learning the joint representation of question - answer pair firstly , and then uses the joint representation as input of the long short ←
→ indian sign language recognition using eigen value weighted euclidean distance based classification technique ; sign language recognition is one of the most growing fields of research today . many new techniques have been developed recently in these fields . here in this paper , we have proposed a system using eigen value weighted euclidean distance as a classification technique for recognition of various sign languages of india . the system comprises of four parts : skin filtering , hand cropping , feature extr ←
→ beyond word - based language model in statistical machine translation ; language model is one of the most important modules in statistical machine translation and currently the word - based language model dominants this community . however , many translation models ( e . g . phrase - based models ) generate the target language sentences by rendering and compositing the phrases rather than the words . thus , it is much more reasonable to model dependency between phrases , but few research work succeed in solving this proble ←
→ master algorithms for active experts problems based on increasing loss values ; we specify an experts algorithm with the following characteristics : ( a ) it uses only feedback from the actions actually chosen ( bandit setup ), ( b ) it can be applied with countably infinite expert classes , and ( c ) it copes with losses that may grow in time appropriately slowly . we prove loss bounds against an adaptive adversary . from this , we obtain master algorithms for " active experts problems ", which means that the master ' s ←
→ applying evolutionary optimisation to robot obstacle avoidance ; this paper presents an artificial evolutionbased method for stereo image analysis and its application to real - time obstacle detection and avoidance for a mobile robot . it uses the parisian approach , which consists here in splitting the representation of the robot ' s environment into a large number of simple primitives , the " flies ", which are evolved following a biologically inspired scheme and give a fast , low - cost solution to the obstacle dete ←
→ advanced steel microstructural classification by deep learning methods ; the inner structure of a material is called microstructure . it stores the genesis of a material and determines all its physical and chemical properties . while microstructural characterization is widely spread and well known , the microstructural classification is mostly done manually by human experts , which gives rise to uncertainties due to subjectivity . since the microstructure could be a combination of different phases or constituent ←
→ understanding intra - class knowledge inside cnn ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) has been successful in image recognition tasks , and recent works shed lights on how cnn separates different classes with the learned inter - class knowledge through visualization . in this work , we instead visualize the intra - class knowledge inside cnn to better understand how an object class is represented in the fully - connected layers . to invert the intra - class knowledge into more interpretable images , we propose a non - para ←
→ learning to diagnose with lstm recurrent neural networks ; clinical medical data , especially in the intensive care unit ( icu ), consist of multivariate time series of observations . for each patient visit ( or episode ), sensor data and lab test results are recorded in the patient ' s electronic health record ( ehr ). while potentially containing a wealth of insights , the data is difficult to mine effectively , owing to varying length , irregular sampling and missing data . recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), particular ←
→ generation of explicit knowledge from empirical data through pruning of trainable neural networks ; this paper presents a generalized technology of extraction of explicit knowledge from data . the main ideas are 1 ) maximal reduction of network complexity ( not only removal of neurons or synapses , but removal all the unnecessary elements and signals and reduction of the complexity of elements ), 2 ) using of adjustable and flexible pruning process ( the pruning sequence shouldn ' t be predetermined - the user sho ←
→ efficient non - oblivious randomized reduction for risk minimization with improved excess risk guarantee ; in this paper , we address learning problems for high dimensional data . previously , oblivious random projection based approaches that project high dimensional features onto a random subspace have been used in practice for tackling high - dimensionality challenge in machine learning . recently , various non - oblivious randomized reduction methods have been developed and deployed for solving many numerical pro ←
→ an adaptive neuro - fuzzy inference system modeling for grid - adaptive interpolation over depth images ; a suitable interpolation method is essential to keep the noise level minimum along with the time - delay . in recent years , many different interpolation filters have been developed for instance h . 264 - 6 tap filter , and avs - 4 tap filter . the present work uses adaptive neuro - fuzzy inference system ( anfis ) technique to model and investigate the effects of a four - tap low - pass tap filter ( grid - adaptive filter ) on ←
→ an attributive logic of set descriptions and set operations ; this paper provides a model theoretic semantics to feature terms augmented with set descriptions . we provide constraints to specify hpsg style set descriptions , fixed cardinality set descriptions , set - membership constraints , restricted universal role quantifications , set union , intersection , subset and disjointness . a sound , complete and terminating consistency checking procedure is provided to determine the consistency of any given term in the l ←
→ spectral ranking using seriation ; we describe a seriation algorithm for ranking a set of items given pairwise comparisons between these items . intuitively , the algorithm assigns similar rankings to items that compare similarly with all others . it does so by constructing a similarity matrix from pairwise comparisons , using seriation methods to reorder this matrix and construct a ranking . we first show that this spectral seriation algorithm recovers the true ranking when all pairwise comparisons are observed ←
→ using description logics for rdf constraint checking and closed - world recognition ; rdf and description logics work in an open - world setting where absence of information is not information about absence . nevertheless , description logic axioms can be interpreted in a closed - world setting and in this setting they can be used for both constraint checking and closed - world recognition against information sources . when the information sources are expressed in well - behaved rdf or rdfs ( i . e ., rdf graphs interpret ←
→ the nataf - beta random field classifier : an extension of the beta conjugate prior to classification problems ; this paper presents the nataf - beta random field classifier , a discriminative approach that extends the applicability of the beta conjugate prior to classification problems . the approach ' s key feature is to model the probability of a class conditional on attribute values as a random field whose marginals are beta distributed , and where the parameters of marginals are themselves described by random ←
→ differentially private empirical risk minimization : efficient algorithms and tight error bounds ; in this paper , we initiate a systematic investigation of differentially private algorithms for convex empirical risk minimization . various instantiations of this problem have been studied before . we provide new algorithms and matching lower bounds for private erm assuming only that each data point ' s contribution to the loss function is lipschitz bounded and that the domain of optimization is bounded . we provi ←
→ training a convolutional neural network for appearance - invariant place recognition ; place recognition is one of the most challenging problems in computer vision , and has become a key part in mobile robotics and autonomous driving applications for performing loop closure in visual slam systems . moreover , the difficulty of recognizing a revisited location increases with appearance changes caused , for instance , by weather or illumination variations , which hinders the long - term application of such algorithms ←
→ episode - based active learning with bayesian neural networks ; we investigate different strategies for active learning with bayesian deep neural networks . we focus our analysis on scenarios where new , unlabeled data is obtained episodically , such as commonly encountered in mobile robotics applications . an evaluation of different strategies for acquisition , updating , and final training on the cifar - 10 dataset shows that incremental network updates with final training on the accumulated acquisition set are ess ←
→ new method for optimization of license plate recognition system with use of edge detection and connected component ; license plate recognition plays an important role on the traffic monitoring and parking management systems . in this paper , a fast and real time method has been proposed which has an appropriate application to find tilt and poor quality plates . in the proposed method , at the beginning , the image is converted into binary mode using adaptive threshold . then , by using some edge detection and mo ←
→ complexity results for manipulation , bribery and control of the kemeny procedure in judgment aggregation ; we study the computational complexity of several scenarios of strategic behavior for the kemeny procedure in the setting of judgment aggregation . in particular , we investigate ( 1 ) manipulation , where an individual aims to achieve a better group outcome by reporting an insincere individual opinion , ( 2 ) bribery , where an external agent aims to achieve an outcome with certain properties by bribing a num ←
→ a low complexity algorithm with $ o (\ sqrt { t })$ regret and finite constraint violations for online convex optimization with long term constraints ; this paper considers online convex optimization over a complicated constraint set , which typically consists of multiple functional constraints and a set constraint . the conventional projection based online projection algorithm ( zinkevich , 2003 ) can be difficult to implement due to the potentially high computation complexity of the projection operation . in this ←
→ intransitivity and vagueness ; there are many examples in the literature that suggest that indistinguishability is intransitive , despite the fact that the indistinguishability relation is typically taken to be an equivalence relation ( and thus transitive ). it is shown that if the uncertainty perception and the question of when an agent reports that two things are indistinguishable are both carefully modeled , the problems disappear , and indistinguishability can indeed be taken to be an equivalence relation . ←
→ constructing lower probabilities ; an elaboration of dempster ' s method of constructing belief functions suggests a broadly applicable strategy for constructing lower probabilities under a variety of evidentiary constraints .←
→ ecommercegan : a generative adversarial network for e - commerce ; e - commerce companies such as amazon , alibaba and flipkart process billions of orders every year . however , these orders represent only a small fraction of all plausible orders . exploring the space of all plausible orders could help us better understand the relationships between the various entities in an e - commerce ecosystem , namely the customers and the products they purchase . in this paper , we propose a generative adversarial network ( gan ) fo ←
→ collaborative filtering via group - structured dictionary learning ; structured sparse coding and the related structured dictionary learning problems are novel research areas in machine learning . in this paper we present a new application of structured dictionary learning for collaborative filtering based recommender systems . our extensive numerical experiments demonstrate that the presented technique outperforms its state - of - the - art competitors and has several advantages over approaches that do not put struc ←
→ improved multi - class cost - sensitive boosting via estimation of the minimum - risk class ; we present a simple unified framework for multi - class cost - sensitive boosting . the minimum - risk class is estimated directly , rather than via an approximation of the posterior distribution . our method jointly optimizes binary weak learners and their corresponding output vectors , requiring classes to share features at each iteration . by training in a cost - sensitive manner , weak learners are invested in separating classes ←
→ recognition of feature curves on 3d shapes using an algebraic approach to hough transforms ; feature curves are largely adopted to highlight shape features , such as sharp lines , or to divide surfaces into meaningful segments , like convex or concave regions . extracting these curves is not sufficient to convey prominent and meaningful information about a shape . we have first to separate the curves belonging to features from those caused by noise and then to select the lines , which describe non - trivial porti ←
→ using taxonomies to facilitate the analysis of the association rules ; the data mining process enables the end users to analyze , understand and use the extracted knowledge in an intelligent system or to support in the decision - making processes . however , many algorithms used in the process encounter large quantities of patterns , complicating the analysis of the patterns . this fact occurs with association rules , a data mining technique that tries to identify intrinsic patterns in large data sets . a method tha ←
→ comparison of fingerprint authentication algorithms for small imaging sensors ; the demand for biometric systems has been increasing with the growth of the smartphone market . biometric devices allow the user to authenticate easily while securing its private data without the need to remember any access code . amongst them , fingerprint sensors are the most widespread because they seem to provide a good balance between reliability , cost and ease of use . according to smartphone manufacturers , the security leve ←
→ generating sequences with recurrent neural networks ; this paper shows how long short - term memory recurrent neural networks can be used to generate complex sequences with long - range structure , simply by predicting one data point at a time . the approach is demonstrated for text ( where the data are discrete ) and online handwriting ( where the data are real - valued ). it is then extended to handwriting synthesis by allowing the network to condition its predictions on a text sequence . the resulting system is able ←
→ evolutionary computation for multicomponent problems : opportunities and future directions ; over the past 30 years many researchers in the field of evolutionary computation have put a lot of effort to introduce various approaches for solving hard problems . most of these problems have been inspired by major industries so that solving them , by providing either optimal or near optimal solution , was of major significance . indeed , this was a very promising trajectory as advances in these problem - solving approa ←
→ fingerprint orientation refinement through iterative smoothing ; we propose a new gradient - based method for the extraction of the orientation field associated to a fingerprint , and a regularisation procedure to improve the orientation field computed from noisy fingerprint images . the regularisation algorithm is based on three new integral operators , introduced and discussed in this paper . a pre - processing technique is also proposed to achieve better performances of the algorithm . the results of a numerical ←
→ learning to reason : end - to - end module networks for visual question answering ; natural language questions are inherently compositional , and many are most easily answered by reasoning about their decomposition into modular sub - problems . for example , to answer " is there an equal number of balls and boxes ?" we can look for balls , look for boxes , count them , and compare the results . the recently proposed neural module network ( nmn ) architecture implements this approach to question answering by parsing questio ←
→ from virtual demonstration to real - world manipulation using lstm and mdn ; robots assisting the disabled or elderly must perform complex manipulation tasks and must adapt to the home environment and preferences of their user . learning from demonstration is a promising choice , that would allow the non - technical user to teach the robot different tasks . however , collecting demonstrations in the home environment of a disabled user is time consuming , disruptive to the comfort of the user , and presents safety cha ←
→ joint adaptive neighbours and metric learning for multi - view subspace clustering ; due to the existence of various views or representations in many real - world data , multi - view learning has drawn much attention recently . multi - view spectral clustering methods based on similarity matrixes or graphs are pretty popular . generally , these algorithms learn informative graphs by directly utilizing original data . however , in the real - world applications , original data often contain noises and outliers that lead to ←
→ a dematel - based completion method for incomplete pairwise comparison matrix in ahp ; pairwise comparison matrix as a crucial component of ahp , presents the prefer - ence relations among alternatives . however , in many cases , the pairwise comparison matrix is difficult to complete , which obstructs the subsequent operations of the clas - sical ahp . in this paper , based on dematel which has ability to derive the total relation matrix from direct relation matrix , a new completion method for incomplete pairwise c ←
→ differentiable scheduled sampling for credit assignment ; we demonstrate that a continuous relaxation of the argmax operation can be used to create a differentiable approximation to greedy decoding for sequence - to - sequence ( seq2seq ) models . by incorporating this approximation into the scheduled sampling training procedure ( bengio et al ., 2015 )-- a well - known technique for correcting exposure bias -- we introduce a new training objective that is continuous and differentiable everywhere and that can provide info ←
→ pixel recursive super resolution ; we present a pixel recursive super resolution model that synthesizes realistic details into images while enhancing their resolution . a low resolution image may correspond to multiple plausible high resolution images , thus modeling the super resolution process with a pixel independent conditional model often results in averaging different details -- hence blurry edges . by contrast , our model is able to represent a multimodal conditional distribution by properly modeling the s ←
→ domain control for neural machine translation ; machine translation systems are very sensitive to the domains they were trained on . several domain adaptation techniques have been deeply studied . we propose a new technique for neural machine translation ( nmt ) that we call domain control which is performed at runtime using a unique neural network covering multiple domains . the presented approach shows quality improvements when compared to dedicated domains translating on any of the covered domains and even on ←
→ correlated equilibria for approximate variational inference in mrfs ; almost all of the work in graphical models for game theory has mirrored previous work in probabilistic graphical models . our work considers the opposite direction : taking advantage of recent advances in equilibrium computation for probabilistic inference . we present formulations of inference problems in markov random fields ( mrfs ) as computation of equilibria in a certain class of game - theoretic graphical models . we concretely establishes ←
→ codynamic fitness landscapes of coevolutionary minimal substrates ; coevolutionary minimal substrates are simple and abstract models that allow studying the relationships and codynamics between objective and subjective fitness . using these models an approach is presented for defining and analyzing fitness landscapes of coevolutionary problems . we devise similarity measures of codynamic fitness landscapes and experimentally study minimal substrates of test -- based and compositional problems for both cooperati ←
→ aesthetic - driven image enhancement by adversarial learning ; we introduce enhancegan , an adversarial learning based model that performs automatic image enhancement . traditional image enhancement frameworks involve training separate models for automatic cropping or color enhancement in a fully - supervised manner , which requires expensive annotations in the form of image pairs . in contrast to these approaches , our proposed enhancegan only requires weak supervision ( binary labels on image aesthetic quality ) and ←
→ web - based visualisation of head pose and facial expressions changes : monitoring human activity using depth data ; despite significant recent advances in the field of head pose estimation and facial expression recognition , raising the cognitive level when analysing human activity presents serious challenges to current concepts . motivated by the need of generating comprehensible visual representations from different sets of data , we introduce a system capable of monitoring human activity through head pose a ←
→ learning to recommend via inverse optimal matching ; we consider recommendation in the context of optimal matching , i . e ., we need to pair or match a user with an item in an optimal way . the framework is particularly relevant when the supply of an individual item is limited and it can only satisfy a small number of users even though it may be preferred by many . we leverage the methodology of optimal transport of discrete distributions and formulate an inverse optimal transport problem in order to learn the c ←
→ a short introduction to nile ; in this paper , we briefly introduce the narrative information linear extraction ( nile ) system , a natural language processing library for clinical narratives . nile is an experiment of our ideas on efficient and effective medical language processing . we introduce the overall design of nile and its major components , and show the performance of it in real projects .←
→ robust wirtinger flow for phase retrieval with arbitrary corruption ; we consider the robust phase retrieval problem of recovering the unknown signal from the magnitude - only measurements , where the measurements can be contaminated by both sparse arbitrary corruption and bounded random noise . we propose a new nonconvex algorithm for robust phase retrieval , namely robust wirtinger flow to jointly estimate the unknown signal and the sparse corruption . we show that our proposed algorithm is guaranteed to conver ←
→ multiple vlad encoding of cnns for image classification ; despite the effectiveness of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) especially in image classification tasks , the effect of convolution features on learned representations is still limited . it mostly focuses on the salient object of the images , but ignores the variation information on clutter and local . in this paper , we propose a special framework , which is the multiple vlad encoding method with the cnns features for image classification . furthermore ,←
→ translation - invariant shrinkage / thresholding of group sparse signals ; this paper addresses signal denoising when large - amplitude coefficients form clusters ( groups ). the l1 - norm and other separable sparsity models do not capture the tendency of coefficients to cluster ( group sparsity ). this work develops an algorithm , called ' overlapping group shrinkage ' ( ogs ), based on the minimization of a convex cost function involving a group - sparsity promoting penalty function . the groups are fully overlapping so the ←
→ the two - dimensional gabor function adapted to natural image statistics : an analytical model of simple - cell responses in the early visual system ; the two - dimensional gabor function is adapted to natural image statistics by learning the joint distribution of the gabor function parameters . the joint distribution is then approximated to yield an analytical model of simple - cell receptive fields . adapting a basis of gabor functions is found to take an order of magnitude less computation than learning an equiva ←
→ on the adoption of abductive reasoning for time series interpretation ; time series interpretation aims to provide an explanation of what is observed in terms of its underlying processes . the present work is based on the assumption that common classification - based approaches to time series interpretation suffer from a set of inherent weaknesses whose ultimate cause lies in the monotonic nature of the deductive reasoning paradigm . in this document we propose a new approach to this problem based on the initia ←
→ a massive local rules search approach to the classification problem ; an approach to the classification problem of machine learning , based on building local classification rules , is developed . the local rules are considered as projections of the global classification rules to the event we want to classify . a massive global optimization algorithm is used for optimization of quality criterion . the algorithm , which has polynomial complexity in typical case , is used to find all high -- quality local rules . the ot ←
→ spectral - spatial classification of hyperspectral image using autoencoders ; hyperspectral image ( hsi ) classification is a hot topic in the remote sensing community . this paper proposes a new framework of spectral - spatial feature extraction for hsi classification , in which for the first time the concept of deep learning is introduced . specifically , the model of autoencoder is exploited in our framework to extract various kinds of features . first we verify the eligibility of autoencoder by following classic ←
→ seethrough : finding chairs in heavily occluded indoor scene images ; discovering 3d arrangements of objects from single indoor images is important given its many applications including interior design , content creation , etc . although heavily researched in the recent years , existing approaches break down under medium or heavy occlusion as the core object detection module starts failing in absence of directly visible cues . instead , we take into account holistic contextual 3d information , exploiting the fact t ←
→ construction of a japanese word similarity dataset ; an evaluation of distributed word representation is generally conducted using a word similarity task and / or a word analogy task . there are many datasets readily available for these tasks in english . however , evaluating distributed representation in languages that do not have such resources ( e . g ., japanese ) is difficult . therefore , as a first step toward evaluating distributed representations in japanese , we constructed a japanese word similarity dataset . ←
→ curved space optimization : a random search based on general relativity theory ; designing a fast and efficient optimization method with local optima avoidance capability on a variety of optimization problems is still an open problem for many researchers . in this work , the concept of a new global optimization method with an open implementation area is introduced as a curved space optimization ( cso ) method , which is a simple probabilistic optimization method enhanced by concepts of general relativity theory ←
→ deep logismos : deep learning graph - based 3d segmentation of pancreatic tumors on ct scans ; this paper reports deep logismos approach to 3d tumor segmentation by incorporating boundary information derived from deep contextual learning to logismos - layered optimal graph image segmentation of multiple objects and surfaces . accurate and reliable tumor segmentation is essential to tumor growth analysis and treatment selection . a fully convolutional network ( fcn ), unet , is first trained using three adjacent 2 ←
→ towards " propagation = logic + control " ; constraint propagation algorithms implement logical inference . for efficiency , it is essential to control whether and in what order basic inference steps are taken . we provide a high - level framework that clearly differentiates between information needed for controlling propagation versus that needed for the logical semantics of complex constraints composed from primitive ones . we argue for the appropriateness of our controlled propagation framework by showing that i ←
→ top - n recommendation with novel rank approximation ; the importance of accurate recommender systems has been widely recognized by academia and industry . however , the recommendation quality is still rather low . recently , a linear sparse and low - rank representation of the user - item matrix has been applied to produce top - n recommendations . this approach uses the nuclear norm as a convex relaxation for the rank function and has achieved better recommendation accuracy than the state - of - the - art methods . in the pa ←
→ border - peeling clustering ; in this paper , we present a novel non - parametric clustering technique , which is based on an iterative algorithm that peels off layers of points around the clusters . our technique is based on the notion that each latent cluster is comprised of layers that surround its core , where the external layers , or border points , implicitly separate the clusters . analyzing the k - nearest neighbors of the points makes it possible to identify the border points and associate them with points of i ←
→ predictive pac learning and process decompositions ; we informally call a stochastic process learnable if it admits a generalization error approaching zero in probability for any concept class with finite vc - dimension ( iid processes are the simplest example ). a mixture of learnable processes need not be learnable itself , and certainly its generalization error need not decay at the same rate . in this paper , we argue that it is natural in predictive pac to condition not on the past observations but on the mix ←
→ improving recurrent neural networks for sequence labelling ; in this paper we study different types of recurrent neural networks ( rnn ) for sequence labeling tasks . we propose two new variants of rnns integrating improvements for sequence labeling , and we compare them to the more traditional elman and jordan rnns . we compare all models , either traditional or new , on four distinct tasks of sequence labeling : two on spoken language understanding ( atis and media ); and two of pos tagging for the french treebank ←
→ dynamic natural language processing with recurrence quantification analysis ; writing and reading are dynamic processes . as an author composes a text , a sequence of words is produced . this sequence is one that , the author hopes , causes a revisitation of certain thoughts and ideas in others . these processes of composition and revisitation by readers are ordered in time . this means that text itself can be investigated under the lens of dynamical systems . a common technique for analyzing the behavior of dyna ←
→ incremental maintenance of association rules under support threshold change ; maintenance of association rules is an interesting problem . several incremental maintenance algorithms were proposed since the work of ( cheung et al , 1996 ). the majority of these algorithms maintain rule bases assuming that support threshold doesn ' t change . in this paper , we present incremental maintenance algorithm under support threshold change . this solution allows user to maintain its rule base under any support threshold .←
→ n - opposition theory to structure debates ; 2007 was the first international congress on the ? square of oppositions ?. a first attempt to structure debate using n - opposition theory was presented along with the results of a first experiment on the web . our proposal for this paper is to define relations between arguments through a structure of opposition ( square of oppositions is one structure of opposition ). we will be trying to answer the following questions : how to organize debates on the web 2 . 0 ? how to str ←
→ attribute - graph : a graph based approach to image ranking ; we propose a novel image representation , termed attribute - graph , to rank images by their semantic similarity to a given query image . an attribute - graph is an undirected fully connected graph , incorporating both local and global image characteristics . the graph nodes characterise objects as well as the overall scene context using mid - level semantic attributes , while the edges capture the object topology . we demonstrate the effectiveness of attribute -←
→ an example illustrating the imprecision of the efficient approach for diagnosis of petri nets via integer linear programming ; this document demonstrates that the efficient approach for diagnosis of petri nets via integer linear programming may be unable to detect a fault even if the system is diagnosable .←
→ approximation and convergence properties of generative adversarial learning ; generative adversarial networks ( gan ) approximate a target data distribution by jointly optimizing an objective function through a " two - player game " between a generator and a discriminator . despite their empirical success , however , two very basic questions on how well they can approximate the target distribution remain unanswered . first , it is not known how restricting the discriminator family affects the approximation quality . ←
→ the hebrew bible as data : laboratory - sharing - experiences ; the systematic study of ancient texts including their production , transmission and interpretation is greatly aided by the digital methods that started taking off in the 1970s . but how is that research in turn transmitted to new generations of researchers ? we tell a story of bible and computer across the decades and then point out the current challenges : ( 1 ) finding a stable data representation for changing methods of computation ; ( 2 ) sharing res ←
→ joint calibration of panoramic camera and lidar based on supervised learning ; in view of contemporary panoramic camera - laser scanner system , the traditional calibration method is not suitable for panoramic cameras whose imaging model is extremely nonlinear . the method based on statistical optimization has the disadvantage that the requirement of the number of laser scanner ' s channels is relatively high . calibration equipments with extreme accuracy for panoramic camera - laser scanner system are costly . fac ←
→ flexibly instructable agents ; this paper presents an approach to learning from situated , interactive tutorial instruction within an ongoing agent . tutorial instruction is a flexible ( and thus powerful ) paradigm for teaching tasks because it allows an instructor to communicate whatever types of knowledge an agent might need in whatever situations might arise . to support this flexibility , however , the agent must be able to learn multiple kinds of knowledge from a broad range of instructional interactions . ou ←
→ biometrics - as - a - service : a framework to promote innovative biometric recognition in the cloud ; biometric recognition , or simply biometrics , is the use of biological attributes such as face , fingerprints or iris in order to recognize an individual in an automated manner . a key application of biometrics is authentication ; i . e ., using said biological attributes to provide access by verifying the claimed identity of an individual . this paper presents a framework for biometrics - as - a - service ( baas ) that perfor ←
→ language acquisition in computers ; this project explores the nature of language acquisition in computers , guided by techniques similar to those used in children . while existing natural language processing methods are limited in scope and understanding , our system aims to gain an understanding of language from first principles and hence minimal initial input . the first portion of our system was implemented in java and is focused on understanding the morphology of language using bigrams . we use frequency dis ←
→ machine learning etudes in astrophysics : selection functions for mock cluster catalogs ; making mock simulated catalogs is an important component of astrophysical data analysis . selection criteria for observed astronomical objects are often too complicated to be derived from first principles . however the existence of an observed group of objects is a well - suited problem for machine learning classification . in this paper we use one - class classifiers to learn the properties of an observed catalog of cluster ←
→ exploiting points and lines in regression forests for rgb - d camera relocalization ; camera relocalization plays a vital role in many robotics and computer vision tasks , such as global localization , recovery from tracking failure and loop closure detection . recent random forests based methods exploit randomly sampled pixel comparison features to predict 3d world locations for 2d image locations to guide the camera pose optimization . however , these image features are only sampled randomly in the images , wit ←
→ super - resolution reconstruction of sar image based on non - local means denoising combined with bp neural network ; in this article , we propose a super - resolution method to resolve the problem of image low spatial because of the limitation of imaging devices . we make use of the strong non - linearity mapped ability of the back - propagation neural networks ( bpnn ). training sample images are got by undersampled method . the elements chose as the inputs of the bpnn are pixels referred to non - local means ( nl - means ). ←
→ web - based semantic similarity for emotion recognition in web objects ; in this project we propose a new approach for emotion recognition using web - based similarity ( e . g . confidence , pmi and pming ). we aim to extract basic emotions from short sentences with emotional content ( e . g . news titles , tweets , captions ), performing a web - based quantitative evaluation of semantic proximity between each word of the analyzed sentence and each emotion of a psychological model ( e . g . plutchik , ekman , lovheim ). the phases o ←
→ stream reasoning - based control of caching strategies in ccn routers ; content - centric networking ( ccn ) research addresses the mismatch between the modern usage of the internet and its outdated architecture . importantly , ccn routers may locally cache frequently requested content in order to speed up delivery to end users . thus , the issue of caching strategies arises , i . e ., which content shall be stored and when it should be replaced . in this work , we employ novel techniques towards intelligent administration ←
→ learning when to attend for neural machine translation ; in the past few years , attention mechanisms have become an indispensable component of end - to - end neural machine translation models . however , previous attention models always refer to some source words when predicting a target word , which contradicts with the fact that some target words have no corresponding source words . motivated by this observation , we propose a novel attention model that has the capability of determining when a decoder should atten ←
→ dense piecewise planar rgb - d slam for indoor environments ; the paper exploits weak manhattan constraints to parse the structure of indoor environments from rgb - d video sequences in an online setting . we extend the previous approach for single view parsing of indoor scenes to video sequences and formulate the problem of recovering the floor plan of the environment as an optimal labeling problem solved using dynamic programming . the temporal continuity is enforced in a recursive setting , where labeling from ←
→ reformulating global grammar constraints ; an attractive mechanism to specify global constraints in rostering and other domains is via formal languages . for instance , the regular and grammar constraints specify constraints in terms of the languages accepted by an automaton and a context - free grammar respectively . taking advantage of the fixed length of the constraint , we give an algorithm to transform a context - free grammar into an automaton . we then study the use of minimization techniques to reduce the si ←
→ guaranteed inference in topic models ; one of the core problems in statistical models is the estimation of a posterior distribution . for topic models , the problem of posterior inference for individual texts is particularly important , especially when dealing with data streams , but is often intractable in the worst case . as a consequence , existing methods for posterior inference are approximate and do not have any guarantee on neither quality nor convergence rate . in this paper , we introduce a provably fast a ←
→ reliable learning of bernoulli mixture models ; in this paper , we have derived a set of sufficient conditions for reliable clustering of data produced by bernoulli mixture models ( bmm ), when the number of clusters is unknown . a bmm refers to a random binary vector whose components are independent bernoulli trials with cluster - specific frequencies . the problem of clustering bmm data arises in many real - world applications , most notably in population genetics where researchers aim at inferring the population s ←
→ asymptotic logical uncertainty and the benford test ; we give an algorithm a which assigns probabilities to logical sentences . for any simple infinite sequence of sentences whose truth - values appear indistinguishable from a biased coin that outputs " true " with probability p , we have that the sequence of probabilities that a assigns to these sentences converges to p .←
→ a transfer - learning approach for accelerated mri using deep neural networks ; neural network based architectures have recently been proposed for reconstruction of undersampled mr acquisitions . a deep network containing many free parameters is typically trained using a relatively large set of fully - sampled mri data , and later used for on - line reconstruction of undersampled data . ideally network performance should be optimized by drawing the training and testing data from the same domain . in practice , howev ←
→ clinical patient tracking in the presence of transient and permanent occlusions via geodesic feature ; this paper develops a method to use rgb - d cameras to track the motions of a human spinal cord injury patient undergoing spinal stimulation and physical rehabilitation . because clinicians must remain close to the patient during training sessions , the patient is usually under permanent and transient occlusions due to the training equipment and the movements of the attending clinicians . these occlusions can ←
→ lesion detection and grading of diabetic retinopathy via two - stages deep convolutional neural networks ; we propose an automatic diabetic retinopathy ( dr ) analysis algorithm based on two - stages deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnn ). compared to existing dcnn - based dr detection methods , the proposed algorithm have the following advantages : ( 1 ) our method can point out the location and type of lesions in the fundus images , as well as giving the severity grades of dr . moreover , since retina lesions and d ←
→ weakly supervised fine - grained image categorization ; in this paper , we categorize fine - grained images without using any object / part annotation neither in the training nor in the testing stage , a step towards making it suitable for deployments . fine - grained image categorization aims to classify objects with subtle distinctions . most existing works heavily rely on object / part detectors to build the correspondence between object parts by using object or object part annotations inside training images . the ←
→ on generalization and regularization in deep learning ; why do large neural network generalize so well on complex tasks such as image classification or speech recognition ? what exactly is the role regularization for them ? these are arguably among the most important open questions in machine learning today . in a recent and thought provoking paper [ c . zhang et al .] several authors performed a number of numerical experiments that hint at the need for novel theoretical concepts to account for this phenomenon . t ←
→ query - focused opinion summarization for user - generated content ; we present a submodular function - based framework for query - focused opinion summarization . within our framework , relevance ordering produced by a statistical ranker , and information coverage with respect to topic distribution and diverse viewpoints are both encoded as submodular functions . dispersion functions are utilized to minimize the redundancy . we are the first to evaluate different metrics of text similarity for submodularity - based summa ←
→ joint training deep boltzmann machines for classification ; we introduce a new method for training deep boltzmann machines jointly . prior methods of training dbms require an initial learning pass that trains the model greedily , one layer at a time , or do not perform well on classification tasks . in our approach , we train all layers of the dbm simultaneously , using a novel training procedure called multi - prediction training . the resulting model can either be interpreted as a single generative model trained t ←
→ identifying the relevant nodes without learning the model ; we propose a method to identify all the nodes that are relevant to compute all the conditional probability distributions for a given set of nodes . our method is simple , effcient , consistent , and does not require learning a bayesian network first . therefore , our method can be applied to high - dimensional databases , e . g . gene expression databases .←
→ necessary and sufficient conditions and a provably efficient algorithm for separable topic discovery ; we develop necessary and sufficient conditions and a novel provably consistent and efficient algorithm for discovering topics ( latent factors ) from observations ( documents ) that are realized from a probabilistic mixture of shared latent factors that have certain properties . our focus is on the class of topic models in which each shared latent factor contains a novel word that is unique to that factor , a ←
→ application of quantum annealing to training of deep neural networks ; in deep learning , a well - known approach for training a deep neural network starts by training a generative deep belief network model , typically using contrastive divergence ( cd ), then fine - tuning the weights using backpropagation or other discriminative techniques . however , the generative training can be time - consuming due to the slow mixing of gibbs sampling . we investigated an alternative approach that estimates model expectations of r ←
→ stochastic gradient descent performs variational inference , converges to limit cycles for deep networks ; stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) is widely believed to perform implicit regularization when used to train deep neural networks , but the precise manner in which this occurs has thus far been elusive . we prove that sgd minimizes an average potential over the posterior distribution of weights along with an entropic regularization term . this potential is however not the original loss function in general .←
→ a route confidence evaluation method for reliable hierarchical text categorization ; hierarchical text categorization ( htc ) is becoming increasingly important with the rapidly growing amount of text data available in the world wide web . among the different strategies proposed to cope with htc , the local classifier per node ( lcn ) approach attains good performance by mirroring the underlying class hierarchy while enforcing a top - down strategy in the testing step . however , the problem of embedding hierarchic ←
→ detecting unseen falls from wearable devices using channel - wise ensemble of autoencoders ; a fall is an abnormal activity that occurs rarely , so it is hard to collect real data for falls . it is , therefore , difficult to use supervised learning methods to automatically detect falls . another challenge in using machine learning methods to automatically detect falls is the choice of engineered features . in this paper , we propose to use an ensemble of autoencoders to extract features from different channels of ←
→ flying objects detection from a single moving camera ; we propose an approach to detect flying objects such as uavs and aircrafts when they occupy a small portion of the field of view , possibly moving against complex backgrounds , and are filmed by a camera that itself moves . solving such a difficult problem requires combining both appearance and motion cues . to this end we propose a regression - based approach to motion stabilization of local image patches that allows us to achieve effective classification ←
→ fast , simple and accurate handwritten digit classification by training shallow neural network classifiers with the ' extreme learning machine ' algorithm ; recent advances in training deep ( multi - layer ) architectures have inspired a renaissance in neural network use . for example , deep convolutional networks are becoming the default option for difficult tasks on large datasets , such as image and speech recognition . however , here we show that error rates below 1 % on the mnist handwritten digit benchmark can ←
→ bias - variance techniques for monte carlo optimization : cross - validation for the ce method ; in this paper , we examine the ce method in the broad context of monte carlo optimization ( mco ) and parametric learning ( pl ), a type of machine learning . a well - known overarching principle used to improve the performance of many pl algorithms is the bias - variance tradeoff . this tradeoff has been used to improve pl algorithms ranging from monte carlo estimation of integrals , to linear estimation , to general statistic ←
→ fundamental matrix estimation : a study of error criteria ; the fundamental matrix ( fm ) describes the geometric relations that exist between two images of the same scene . different error criteria are used for estimating fms from an input set of correspondences . in this paper , the accuracy and efficiency aspects of the different error criteria were studied . we mathematically and experimentally proved that the most popular error criterion , the symmetric epipolar distance , is biased . it was also shown that desp ←
→ a stochastic model for case - based reasoning ; case - bsed reasoning ( cbr ) is a recent theory for problem - solving and learning in computers and people . broadly construed it is the process of solving new problems based on the solution of similar past problems . in the present paper we introduce an absorbing markov chain on the main steps of the cbr process . in this way we succeed in obtaining the probabilities for the above process to be in a certain step at a certain phase of the solution of the corresponding pro ←
→ reconstruction of epsilon - machines in predictive frameworks and decisional states ; this article introduces both a new algorithm for reconstructing epsilon - machines from data , as well as the decisional states . these are defined as the internal states of a system that lead to the same decision , based on a user - provided utility or pay - off function . the utility function encodes some a priori knowledge external to the system , it quantifies how bad it is to make mistakes . the intrinsic underlying structure of ←
→ hardness results for approximate pure horn cnf formulae minimization ; we study the hardness of approximation of clause minimum and literal minimum representations of pure horn functions in $ n $ boolean variables . we show that unless p = np , it is not possible to approximate in polynomial time the minimum number of clauses and the minimum number of literals of pure horn cnf representations to within a factor of $ 2 ^{\ log ^{ 1 - o ( 1 )} n }$. this is the case even when the inputs are restricted to pure horn 3 - cnfs with ←
→ parametric adversarial divergences are good task losses for generative modeling ; generative modeling of high dimensional data like images is a notoriously difficult and ill - defined problem . in particular , how to evaluate a learned generative model is unclear . in this paper , we argue that * adversarial learning *, pioneered with generative adversarial networks ( gans ), provides an interesting framework to implicitly define more meaningful task losses for unsupervised tasks , such as for generating " visually r ←
→ using descriptive video services to create a large data source for video annotation research ; in this work , we introduce a dataset of video annotated with high quality natural language phrases describing the visual content in a given segment of time . our dataset is based on the descriptive video service ( dvs ) that is now encoded on many digital media products such as dvds . dvs is an audio narration describing the visual elements and actions in a movie for the visually impaired . it is temporally aligned w ←
→ rectifier neural network with a dual - pathway architecture for image denoising ; recently deep neural networks based on tanh activation function have shown their impressive power in image denoising . in this letter , we try to use rectifier function instead of tanh and propose a dual - pathway rectifier neural network by combining two rectifier neurons with reversed input and output weights in the same hidden layer . we drive the equivalent activation function and compare it to some typical activation functions ←
→ an analysis of categorical distributional reinforcement learning ; distributional approaches to value - based reinforcement learning model the entire distribution of returns , rather than just their expected values , and have recently been shown to yield state - of - the - art empirical performance . this was demonstrated by the recently proposed c51 algorithm , based on categorical distributional reinforcement learning ( cdrl ) [ bellemare et al ., 2017 ]. however , the theoretical properties of cdrl algorithms are not yet ←
→ a novel approach to fast image filtering algorithm of infrared images based on intro sort algorithm ; in this study we investigate the fast image filtering algorithm based on intro sort algorithm and fast noise reduction of infrared images . main feature of the proposed approach is that no prior knowledge of noise required . it is developed based on stefan - boltzmann law and the fourier law . we also investigate the fast noise reduction approach that has advantage of less computation load . in addition , it ca ←
→ resource planning for rescue operations ; after an earthquake , disaster sites pose a multitude of health and safety concerns . a rescue operation of people trapped in the ruins after an earthquake disaster requires a series of intelligent behavior , including planning . for a successful rescue operation , given a limited number of available actions and regulations , the role of planning in rescue operations is crucial . fortunately , recent developments in automated planning by artificial intelligence community ca ←
→ decision methods for adaptive task - sharing in associate systems ; this paper describes some results of research on associate systems : knowledge - based systems that flexibly and adaptively support their human users in carrying out complex , time - dependent problem - solving tasks under uncertainty . based on principles derived from decision theory and decision analysis , a problem - solving approach is presented which can overcome many of the limitations of traditional expert - systems . this approach implements an expl ←
→ a convex formulation for hyperspectral image superresolution via subspace - based regularization ; hyperspectral remote sensing images ( hsis ) usually have high spectral resolution and low spatial resolution . conversely , multispectral images ( msis ) usually have low spectral and high spatial resolutions . the problem of inferring images which combine the high spectral and high spatial resolutions of hsis and msis , respectively , is a data fusion problem that has been the focus of recent active research due to t ←
→ you want to survive the data deluge : be careful , computational intelligence will not serve you as a rescue boat ; we are at the dawn of a new era , where advances in computer power , broadband communication and digital sensor technologies have led to an unprecedented flood of data inundating our surrounding . it is generally believed that means such as computational intelligence will help to outlive these tough times . however , these hopes are improperly high . computational intelligence is a surprising compos ←
→ automatic extraction of protein interaction in literature ; protein - protein interaction extraction is the key precondition of the construction of protein knowledge network , and it is very important for the research in the biomedicine . this paper extracted directional protein - protein interaction from the biological text , using the svm - based method . experiments were evaluated on the lll05 corpus with good results . the results show that dependency features are import for the protein - protein interaction extract ←
→ convolutional networks with muxout layers as multi - rate systems for image upscaling ; we interpret convolutional networks as adaptive filters and combine them with so - called muxout layers to efficiently upscale low resolution images . we formalize this interpretation by deriving a linear and space - variant structure of a convolutional network when its activations are fixed . we introduce general purpose algorithms to analyze a network and show its overall filter effect for each given location . we use this an ←
→ ship detection and segmentation using image correlation ; there have been intensive research interests in ship detection and segmentation due to high demands on a wide range of civil applications in the last two decades . however , existing approaches , which are mainly based on statistical properties of images , fail to detect smaller ships and boats . specifically , known techniques are not robust enough in view of inevitable small geometric and photometric changes in images consisting of ships . in this paper a ←
→ extracting symbolic rules for medical diagnosis problem ; neural networks ( nns ) have been successfully applied to solve a variety of application problems involving classification and function approximation . although backpropagation nns generally predict better than decision trees do for pattern classification problems , they are often regarded as black boxes , i . e ., their predictions cannot be explained as those of decision trees . in many applications , it is desirable to extract knowledge from trained nns for ←
→ nonmonotonic reasoning , preferential models and cumulative logics ; many systems that exhibit nonmonotonic behavior have been described and studied already in the literature . the general notion of nonmonotonic reasoning , though , has almost always been described only negatively , by the property it does not enjoy , i . e . monotonicity . we study here general patterns of nonmonotonic reasoning and try to isolate properties that could help us map the field of nonmonotonic reasoning by reference to positive properti ←
→ lshtc : a benchmark for large - scale text classification ; lshtc is a series of challenges which aims to assess the performance of classification systems in large - scale classification in a a large number of classes ( up to hundreds of thousands ). this paper describes the dataset that have been released along the lshtc series . the paper details the construction of the datsets and the design of the tracks as well as the evaluation measures that we implemented and a quick overview of the results . all of these dat ←
→ recurrent neural networks with external memory for language understanding ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) have become increasingly popular for the task of language understanding . in this task , a semantic tagger is deployed to associate a semantic label to each word in an input sequence . the success of rnn may be attributed to its ability to memorize long - term dependence that relates the current - time semantic label prediction to the observations many time instances away . however , the memory capacity of ←
→ employing wikipedia ' s natural intelligence for cross language information retrieval ; in this paper we present a novel method for retrieving information in languages other than that of the query . we use this technique in combination with existing traditional cross language information retrieval ( clir ) techniques to improve their results . this method has a number of advantages over traditional techniques that rely on machine translation to translate the query and then search the target document space using ←
→ a tutorial on bayesian nonparametric models ; a key problem in statistical modeling is model selection , how to choose a model at an appropriate level of complexity . this problem appears in many settings , most prominently in choosing the number ofclusters in mixture models or the number of factors in factor analysis . in this tutorial we describe bayesian nonparametric methods , a class of methods that side - steps this issue by allowing the data to determine the complexity of the model . this tutorial is a high -←
→ lie transform based polynomial neural networks for dynamical systems simulation and identification ; in the article , we discuss the architecture of the polynomial neural network that corresponds to the matrix representation of lie transform . the matrix form of lie transform is an approximation of general solution for the nonlinear system of ordinary differential equations . thus , it can be used for simulation and modeling task . on the other hand , one can identify dynamical system from time series data simp ←
→ rule - based semantic tagging . an application undergoing dictionary glosses ; the project presented in this article aims to formalize criteria and procedures in order to extract semantic information from parsed dictionary glosses . the actual purpose of the project is the generation of a semantic network ( nearly an ontology ) issued from a monolingual italian dictionary , through unsupervised procedures . since the project involves rule - based parsing , semantic tagging and word sense disambiguation techniques , i ←
→ neural networks built from unreliable components ; recent advances in associative memory design through strutured pattern sets and graph - based inference algorithms have allowed the reliable learning and retrieval of an exponential number of patterns . both these and classical associative memories , however , have assumed internally noiseless computational nodes . this paper considers the setting when internal computations are also noisy . even if all components are noisy , the final error probability in recall ca ←
→ asking the difficult questions : goal - oriented visual question generation via intermediate rewards ; despite significant progress in a variety of vision - and - language problems , developing a method capable of asking intelligent , goal - oriented questions about images is proven to be an inscrutable challenge . towards this end , we propose a deep reinforcement learning framework based on three new intermediate rewards , namely goal - achieved , progressive and informativeness that encourage the generation of succinct ←
→ binary embeddings with structured hashed projections ; we consider the hashing mechanism for constructing binary embeddings , that involves pseudo - random projections followed by nonlinear ( sign function ) mappings . the pseudo - random projection is described by a matrix , where not all entries are independent random variables but instead a fixed " budget of randomness " is distributed across the matrix . such matrices can be efficiently stored in sub - quadratic or even linear space , provide reduction in randomness u ←
→ neural question answering at bioasq 5b ; this paper describes our submission to the 2017 bioasq challenge . we participated in task b , phase b which is concerned with biomedical question answering ( qa ). we focus on factoid and list question , using an extractive qa model , that is , we restrict our system to output substrings of the provided text snippets . at the core of our system , we use fastqa , a state - of - the - art neural qa system . we extended it with biomedical word embeddings and changed its answer layer to ←
→ sketch - to - design : context - based part assembly ; designing 3d objects from scratch is difficult , especially when the user intent is fuzzy without a clear target form . in the spirit of modeling - by - example , we facilitate design by providing reference and inspiration from existing model contexts . we rethink model design as navigating through different possible combinations of part assemblies based on a large collection of pre - segmented 3d models . we propose an interactive sketch - to - design system , where the user ←
→ deep convolutional poses for human interaction recognition in monocular videos ; human interaction recognition is a challenging problem in computer vision and has been researched over the years due to its important applications . with the development of deep models for the human pose estimation problem , this work aims to verify the effectiveness of using the human pose in order to recognize the human interaction in monocular videos . this paper developed a method based on 5 steps : detect each person in the ←
→ newton - type methods for non - convex optimization under inexact hessian information ; we consider variants of trust - region and cubic regularization methods for non - convex optimization , in which the hessian matrix is approximated . under mild conditions on the inexact hessian , and using approximate solution of the corresponding sub - problems , we provide iteration complexity to achieve $ \ epsilon $- approximate second - order optimality which have shown to be tight . our hessian approximation conditions constitute ←
→ memory - enhanced decoder for neural machine translation ; we propose to enhance the rnn decoder in a neural machine translator ( nmt ) with external memory , as a natural but powerful extension to the state in the decoding rnn . this memory - enhanced rnn decoder is called \ textsc { memdec }. at each time during decoding , \ textsc { memdec } will read from this memory and write to this memory once , both with content - based addressing . unlike the unbounded memory in previous work \ cite { rnnsearch } to store the representation ←
→ binary classification based on potentials ; we introduce a simple and computationally trivial method for binary classification based on the evaluation of potential functions . we demonstrate that despite the conceptual and computational simplicity of the method its performance can match or exceed that of standard support vector machine methods .←
→ order matters : sequence to sequence for sets ; sequences have become first class citizens in supervised learning thanks to the resurgence of recurrent neural networks . many complex tasks that require mapping from or to a sequence of observations can now be formulated with the sequence - to - sequence ( seq2seq ) framework which employs the chain rule to efficiently represent the joint probability of sequences . in many cases , however , variable sized inputs and / or outputs might not be naturally expressed as sequenc ←
→ generating query suggestions to support task - based search ; we address the problem of generating query suggestions to support users in completing their underlying tasks ( which motivated them to search in the first place ). given an initial query , these query suggestions should provide a coverage of possible subtasks the user might be looking for . we propose a probabilistic modeling framework that obtains keyphrases from multiple sources and generates query suggestions from these keyphrases . using the test su ←
→ statistical and algorithmic perspectives on randomized sketching for ordinary least - squares -- icml ; we consider statistical and algorithmic aspects of solving large - scale least - squares ( ls ) problems using randomized sketching algorithms . prior results show that , from an \ emph { algorithmic perspective }, when using sketching matrices constructed from random projections and leverage - score sampling , if the number of samples $ r $ much smaller than the original sample size $ n $, then the worst - case ( wc ) error is ←
→ locally orderless registration ; image registration is an important tool for medical image analysis and is used to bring images into the same reference frame by warping the coordinate field of one image , such that some similarity measure is minimized . we study similarity in image registration in the context of locally orderless images ( loi ), which is the natural way to study density estimates and reveals the 3 fundamental scales : the measurement scale , the intensity scale , and the integration scale . this ←
→ kill two birds with one stone : boosting both object detection accuracy and speed with adaptive patch - of - interest composition ; object detection is an important yet challenging task in video understanding & analysis , where one major challenge lies in the proper balance between two contradictive factors : detection accuracy and detection speed . in this paper , we propose a new adaptive patch - of - interest composition approach for boosting both the accuracy and speed for object detection . the proposed approach f ←
→ learning purposeful behaviour in the absence of rewards ; artificial intelligence is commonly defined as the ability to achieve goals in the world . in the reinforcement learning framework , goals are encoded as reward functions that guide agent behaviour , and the sum of observed rewards provide a notion of progress . however , some domains have no such reward signal , or have a reward signal so sparse as to appear absent . without reward feedback , agent behaviour is typically random , often dithering aimlessly an ←
→ fairness - aware machine learning : a perspective ; algorithms learned from data are increasingly used for deciding many aspects in our life : from movies we see , to prices we pay , or medicine we get . yet there is growing evidence that decision making by inappropriately trained algorithms may unintentionally discriminate people . for example , in automated matching of candidate cvs with job descriptions , algorithms may capture and propagate ethnicity related biases . several repairs for selected algorithms have al ←
→ a class of lulu operators on multi - dimensional arrays ; the lulu operators for sequences are extended to multi - dimensional arrays via the morphological concept of connection in a way which preserves their essential properties , e . g . they are separators and form a four element fully ordered semi - group . the power of the operators is demonstrated by deriving a total variation preserving discrete pulse decomposition of images .←
→ motion compensated dynamic mri reconstruction with local affine optical flow estimation ; this paper proposes a novel framework to reconstruct the dynamic magnetic resonance images ( dmri ) with motion compensation ( mc ). due to the inherent motion effects during dmri acquisition , reconstruction of dmri using motion estimation / compensation ( me / mc ) has been studied under a compressed sensing ( cs ) scheme . in this paper , by embedding the intensity - based optical flow ( of ) constraint into the traditional cs schem ←
→ face spoofing detection by fusing binocular depth and spatial pyramid coding micro - texture features ; robust features are of vital importance to face spoofing detection , because various situations make feature space extremely complicated to partition . thus in this paper , two novel and robust features for anti - spoofing are proposed . the first one is a binocular camera based depth feature called template face matched binocular depth ( tfbd ) feature . the second one is a high - level micro - texture based feature ←
→ max - min distance nonnegative matrix factorization ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) has been a popular representation method for pattern classification problem . it tries to decompose a nonnegative matrix of data samples as the product of a nonnegative basic matrix and a nonnegative coefficient matrix , and the coefficient matrix is used as the new representation . however , traditional nmf methods ignore the class labels of the data samples . in this paper , we proposed a supervised novel nmf algorithm to ←
→ assessment of algorithms for mitosis detection in breast cancer histopathology images ; the proliferative activity of breast tumors , which is routinely estimated by counting of mitotic figures in hematoxylin and eosin stained histology sections , is considered to be one of the most important prognostic markers . however , mitosis counting is laborious , subjective and may suffer from low inter - observer agreement . with the wider acceptance of whole slide images in pathology labs , automatic image analysis has b ←
→ automatic content - aware color and tone stylization ; we introduce a new technique that automatically generates diverse , visually compelling stylizations for a photograph in an unsupervised manner . we achieve this by learning style ranking for a given input using a large photo collection and selecting a diverse subset of matching styles for final style transfer . we also propose a novel technique that transfers the global color and tone of the chosen exemplars to the input photograph while avoiding the common ←
→ stochastic training of neural networks via successive convex approximations ; this paper proposes a new family of algorithms for training neural networks ( nns ). these are based on recent developments in the field of non - convex optimization , going under the general name of successive convex approximation ( sca ) techniques . the basic idea is to iteratively replace the original ( non - convex , highly dimensional ) learning problem with a sequence of ( strongly convex ) approximations , which are both accurate and si ←
→ compressive image recovery using recurrent generative model ; reconstruction of signals from compressively sensed measurements is an ill - posed problem . in this paper , we leverage the recurrent generative model , ride , as an image prior for compressive image reconstruction . recurrent networks can model long - range dependencies in images and hence are suitable to handle global multiplexing in reconstruction from compressive imaging . we perform map inference with ride using back - propagation to the inputs and pro ←
→ categorical matrix completion ; we consider the problem of completing a matrix with categorical - valued entries from partial observations . this is achieved by extending the formulation and theory of one - bit matrix completion . we recover a low - rank matrix $ x $ by maximizing the likelihood ratio with a constraint on the nuclear norm of $ x $, and the observations are mapped from entries of $ x $ through multiple link functions . we establish theoretical upper and lower bounds on the recovery error , which meet up to ←
→ a reversible infinite hmm using normalised random measures ; we present a nonparametric prior over reversible markov chains . we use completely random measures , specifically gamma processes , to construct a countably infinite graph with weighted edges . by enforcing symmetry to make the edges undirected we define a prior over random walks on graphs that results in a reversible markov chain . the resulting prior over infinite transition matrices is closely related to the hierarchical dirichlet process but enforc ←
→ stream clipper : scalable submodular maximization on stream ; we propose a streaming submodular maximization algorithm " stream clipper " that performs as well as the offline greedy algorithm on document / video summarization in practice . it adds elements from a stream either to a solution set $ s $ or to an extra buffer $ b $ based on two adaptive thresholds , and improves $ s $ by a final greedy step that starts from $ s $ adding elements from $ b $. during this process , swapping elements out of $ s $ can occur if doing so ←
→ incorrigibility in the cirl framework ; a value learning system has incentives to follow shutdown instructions , assuming the shutdown instruction provides information ( in the technical sense ) about which actions lead to valuable outcomes . however , this assumption is not robust to model mis - specification ( e . g ., in the case of programmer errors ). we demonstrate this by presenting some supervised pomdp scenarios in which errors in the parameterized reward function remove the incentive to follow shutdown comman ←
→ structuring causal tree models with continuous variables ; this paper considers the problem of invoking auxiliary , unobservable variables to facilitate the structuring of causal tree models for a given set of continuous variables . paralleling the treatment of bi - valued variables in [ pearl 1986 ], we show that if a collection of coupled variables are governed by a joint normal distribution and a tree - structured representation exists , then both the topology and all internal relationships of the tree can be unc ←
→ a low - dimensional representation for robust partial isometric correspondences computation ; intrinsic isometric shape matching has become the standard approach for pose invariant correspondence estimation among deformable shapes . most existing approaches assume global consistency , i . e ., the metric structure of the whole manifold must not change significantly . while global isometric matching is well understood , only a few heuristic solutions are known for partial matching . partial matching is particularly ←
→ direct and indirect effects ; the direct effect of one eventon another can be defined and measured byholding constant all intermediate variables between the two . indirect effects present conceptual andpractical difficulties ( in nonlinear models ), because they cannot be isolated by holding certain variablesconstant . this paper shows a way of defining any path - specific effectthat does not invoke blocking the remainingpaths . this permits the assessment of a more naturaltype of direct and indirect effects , one th ←
→ deep - learnt classification of light curves ; astronomy light curves are sparse , gappy , and heteroscedastic . as a result standard time series methods regularly used for financial and similar datasets are of little help and astronomers are usually left to their own instruments and techniques to classify light curves . a common approach is to derive statistical features from the time series and to use machine learning methods , generally supervised , to separate objects into a few of the standard classes . in this ←
→ the state - of - the - art in web - scale semantic information processing for cloud computing ; based on integrated infrastructure of resource sharing and computing in distributed environment , cloud computing involves the provision of dynamically scalable and provides virtualized resources as services over the internet . these applications also bring a large scale heterogeneous and distributed information which pose a great challenge in terms of the semantic ambiguity . it is critical for application services in cl ←
→ medical image analysis using convolutional neural networks : a review ; medical image analysis is the science of analyzing or solving medical problems using different image analysis techniques for affective and efficient extraction of information . it has emerged as one of the top research area in the field of engineering and medicine . recent years have witnessed rapid use of machine learning algorithms in medical image analysis . these machine learning techniques are used to extract compact information for im ←
→ predicting ground - level scene layout from aerial imagery ; we introduce a novel strategy for learning to extract semantically meaningful features from aerial imagery . instead of manually labeling the aerial imagery , we propose to predict ( noisy ) semantic features automatically extracted from co - located ground imagery . our network architecture takes an aerial image as input , extracts features using a convolutional neural network , and then applies an adaptive transformation to map these features into the grou ←
→ content - based text categorization using wikitology ; a major computational burden , while performing document clustering , is the calculation of similarity measure between a pair of documents . similarity measure is a function that assign a real number between 0 and 1 to a pair of documents , depending upon the degree of similarity between them . a value of zero means that the documents are completely dissimilar whereas a value of one indicates that the documents are practically identical . traditionally , vector -←
→ collaborative personalized web recommender system using entropy based similarity measure ; on the internet , web surfers , in the search of information , always strive for recommendations . the solutions for generating recommendations become more difficult because of exponential increase in information domain day by day . in this paper , we have calculated entropy based similarity between users to achieve solution for scalability problem . using this concept , we have implemented an online user based collaborativ ←
→ distributed online optimization in dynamic environments using mirror descent ; this work addresses decentralized online optimization in non - stationary environments . a network of agents aim to track the minimizer of a global time - varying convex function . the minimizer evolves according to a known dynamics corrupted by an unknown , unstructured noise . at each time , the global function can be cast as a sum of a finite number of local functions , each of which is assigned to one agent in the network . moreover , ←
→ semi and weakly supervised semantic segmentation using generative adversarial network ; semantic segmentation has been a long standing challenging task in computer vision . it aims at assigning a label to each image pixel and needs significant number of pixellevel annotated data , which is often unavailable . to address this lack , in this paper , we leverage , on one hand , massive amount of available unlabeled or weakly labeled data , and on the other hand , non - real images created through generative adversarial ←
→ estimated depth map helps image classification ; we consider image classification with estimated depth . this problem falls into the domain of transfer learning , since we are using a model trained on a set of depth images to generate depth maps ( additional features ) for use in another classification problem using another disjoint set of images . it ' s challenging as no direct depth information is provided . though depth estimation has been well studied , none have attempted to aid image classification with estim ←
→ learning random - walk label propagation for weakly - supervised semantic segmentation ; large - scale training for semantic segmentation is challenging due to the expense of obtaining training data for this task relative to other vision tasks . we propose a novel training approach to address this difficulty . given cheaply - obtained sparse image labelings , we propagate the sparse labels to produce guessed dense labelings . a standard cnn - based segmentation network is trained to mimic these labelings . the label - pro ←
→ divide , denoise , and defend against adversarial attacks ; deep neural networks , although shown to be a successful class of machine learning algorithms , are known to be extremely unstable to adversarial perturbations . improving the robustness of neural networks against these attacks is important , especially for security - critical applications . to defend against such attacks , we propose dividing the input image into multiple patches , denoising each patch independently , and reconstructing the image , without los ←
→ a deep structured learning approach towards automating connectome reconstruction from 3d electron micrographs ; we present a deep structured learning method for neuron segmentation from 3d electron microscopy ( em ) which improves significantly upon the state of the art in terms of accuracy and scalability . our method consists of a 3d u - net classifier predicting affinity graphs on voxels , followed by iterative region agglomeration . we train the u - net using a new structured loss based on malis that encourage ←
→ improving part - of - speech tagging for nlp pipelines ; this paper outlines the results of sentence level linguistics based rules for improving part - of - speech tagging . it is well known that the performance of complex nlp systems is negatively affected if one of the preliminary stages is less than perfect . errors in the initial stages in the pipeline have a snowballing effect on the pipeline ' s end performance . we have created a set of linguistics based rules at the sentence level which adjust part - of - speech tag ←
→ a hidden markov model based system for entity extraction from social media english text at fire 2015 ; this paper presents the experiments carried out by us at jadavpur university as part of the participation in fire 2015 task : entity extraction from social media text - indian languages ( esm - il ). the tool that we have developed for the task is based on trigram hidden markov model that utilizes information like gazetteer list , pos tag and some other word level features to enhance the observation probabilit ←
→ arc - swift : a novel transition system for dependency parsing ; transition - based dependency parsers often need sequences of local shift and reduce operations to produce certain attachments . correct individual decisions hence require global information about the sentence context and mistakes cause error propagation . this paper proposes a novel transition system , arc - swift , that enables direct attachments between tokens farther apart with a single transition . this allows the parser to leverage lexical informati ←
→ weakly supervised plda training ; plda is a popular normalization approach for the i - vector model , and it has delivered state - of - the - art performance in speaker verification . however , plda training requires a large amount of labelled development data , which is highly expensive in most cases . we present a cheap plda training approach , which assumes that speakers in the same session can be easily separated , and speakers in different sessions are simply different . this results in ` weak labels ' which are not ful ←
→ characterizing adversarial subspaces using local intrinsic dimensionality ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have recently been shown to be vulnerable against adversarial examples , which are carefully crafted instances that can mislead dnns to make errors during prediction . to better understand such attacks , a characterization is needed of the properties of regions ( the so - called ' adversarial subspaces ') in which adversarial examples lie . we tackle this challenge by characterizing the dimensional properties of ←
→ active learning of custering with side information using $\ eps $- smooth relative regret approximations ; clustering is considered a non - supervised learning setting , in which the goal is to partition a collection of data points into disjoint clusters . often a bound $ k $ on the number of clusters is given or assumed by the practitioner . many versions of this problem have been defined , most notably $ k $- means and $ k $- median . an underlying problem with the unsupervised nature of clustering it that of determini ←
→ safe feature pruning for sparse high - order interaction models ; taking into account high - order interactions among covariates is valuable in many practical regression problems . this is , however , computationally challenging task because the number of high - order interaction features to be considered would be extremely large unless the number of covariates is sufficiently small . in this paper , we propose a novel efficient algorithm for lasso - based sparse learning of such high - order interaction models . our basic ←
→ predicting the expected behavior of agents that learn about agents : the clri framework ; we describe a framework and equations used to model and predict the behavior of multi - agent systems ( mass ) with learning agents . a difference equation is used for calculating the progression of an agent ' s error in its decision function , thereby telling us how the agent is expected to fare in the mas . the equation relies on parameters which capture the agent ' s learning abilities , such as its change rate , learning rate ←
→ guided image inpainting : replacing an image region by pulling content from another image ; deep generative models have shown success in automatically synthesizing missing image regions using surrounding context . however , users cannot directly decide what content to synthesize with such approaches . we propose an end - to - end network for image inpainting that uses a different image to guide the synthesis of new content to fill the hole . a key challenge addressed by our approach is synthesizing new content in ←
→ using social network graph analysis for interest detection ; a person ' s interests exist as an internal state and are difficult to define . since only external actions are observable , a proxy must be used that represents someone ' s interests . techniques like collaborative filtering , behavioral targeting , and hashtag analysis implicitly model an individual ' s interests . i argue that these models are limited to shallow , temporary interests , which do not reflect people ' s deeper interests or passions . i propose an ←
→ squared earth mover ' s distance - based loss for training deep neural networks ; in the context of single - label classification , despite the huge success of deep learning , the commonly used cross - entropy loss function ignores the intricate inter - class relationships that often exist in real - life tasks such as age classification . in this work , we propose to leverage these relationships between classes by training deep nets with the exact squared earth mover ' s distance ( also known as wasserstein distance ) for si ←
→ a topic modeling toolbox using belief propagation ; latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ) is an important hierarchical bayesian model for probabilistic topic modeling , which attracts worldwide interests and touches on many important applications in text mining , computer vision and computational biology . this paper introduces a topic modeling toolbox ( tmbp ) based on the belief propagation ( bp ) algorithms . tmbp toolbox is implemented by mex c ++/ matlab / octave for either windows 7 or linux . compared with existing t ←
→ utilizing lexical similarity between related , low - resource languages for pivot - based smt ; we investigate pivot - based translation between related languages in a low resource , phrase - based smt setting . we show that a subword - level pivot - based smt model using a related pivot language is substantially better than word and morpheme - level pivot models . it is also highly competitive with the best direct translation model , which is encouraging as no direct source - target training corpus is used . we also show that ←
→ using twitter to predict football outcomes ; twitter has been proven to be a notable source for predictive modelling on various domains such as the stock market , the dissemination of diseases or sports outcomes . however , such a study has not been conducted in football ( soccer ) so far . the purpose of this research was to study whether data mined from twitter can be used for this purpose . we built a set of predictive models for the outcome of football games of the english premier league for a 3 month period b ←
→ random sampling of bandlimited signals on graphs ; we study the problem of sampling k - bandlimited signals on graphs . we propose two sampling strategies that consist in selecting a small subset of nodes at random . the first strategy is non - adaptive , i . e ., independent of the graph structure , and its performance depends on a parameter called the graph coherence . on the contrary , the second strategy is adaptive but yields optimal results . indeed , no more than o ( k log ( k )) measurements are sufficient to ensure an ←
→ pilot study for the cost action " reassembling the republic of letters ": language - driven network analysis of letters from the hartlib ' s papers ; the present report summarizes an exploratory study which we carried out in the context of the cost action is1310 " reassembling the republic of letters , 1500 - 1800 ", and which is relevant to the activities of working group 3 " texts and topics " and working group 2 " people and networks ". in this study we investigated the use of natural language processing ( nlp ) and ne ←
→ performance evaluation of different techniques for texture classification ; texture is the term used to characterize the surface of a given object or phenomenon and is an important feature used in image processing and pattern recognition . our aim is to compare various texture analyzing methods and compare the results based on time complexity and accuracy of classification . the project describes texture classification using wavelet transform and co occurrence matrix . comparison of features of a sample text ←
→ index wiki database : design and experiments ; with the fantastic growth of internet usage , information search in documents of a special type called a " wiki page " that is written using a simple markup language , has become an important problem . this paper describes the software architectural model for indexing wiki texts in three languages ( russian , english , and german ) and the interaction between the software components ( gate , lemmatizer , and synarcher ). the inverted file index database was designed using vi ←
→ plan or not : remote human - robot teaming with incomplete task information ; human - robot interaction can be divided into two categories based on the physical distance between the human and robot : remote and proximal . in proximal interaction , the human and robot often engage in close coordination ; in remote interaction , the human and robot are less coupled due to communication constraints . as a result , providing automation for the robot in remote interaction becomes more important . thus far , human factor studi ←
→ on the existence of stable models of non - stratified logic programs ; this paper introduces a fundamental result , which is relevant for answer set programming , and planning . for the first time since the definition of the stable model semantics , the class of logic programs for which a stable model exists is given a syntactic characterization . this condition may have a practical importance both for defining new algorithms for checking consistency and computing answer sets , and for improving the existing system ←
→ comparative analysis of open source frameworks for machine learning with use case in single - threaded and multi - threaded modes ; the basic features of some of the most versatile and popular open source frameworks for machine learning ( tensorflow , deep learning4j , and h2o ) are considered and compared . their comparative analysis was performed and conclusions were made as to the advantages and disadvantages of these platforms . the performance tests for the de facto standard mnist data set were carried out on ←
→ quantifying the probable approximation error of probabilistic inference programs ; this paper introduces a new technique for quantifying the approximation error of a broad class of probabilistic inference programs , including ones based on both variational and monte carlo approaches . the key idea is to derive a subjective bound on the symmetrized kl divergence between the distribution achieved by an approximate inference program and its true target distribution . the bound ' s validity ( and subjectivity ) rest ←
→ supervised adversarial networks for image saliency detection ; in the past few years , generative adversarial network ( gan ) became a prevalent research topic . by defining two convolutional neural networks ( g - network and d - network ) and introducing an adversarial procedure between them during the training process , gan has ability to generate good quality images that look like natural images from a random vector . besides image generation , gan may have potential to deal with wide range of real world problems . in ←
→ decision theory with resource - bounded agents ; there have been two major lines of research aimed at capturing resource - bounded players in game theory . the first , initiated by rubinstein , charges an agent for doing costly computation ; the second , initiated by neyman , does not charge for computation , but limits the computation that agents can do , typically by modeling agents as finite automata . we review recent work on applying both approaches in the context of decision theory . for the first approach , we take ←
→ scale - aware face detection ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based face detectors are inefficient in handling faces of diverse scales . they rely on either fitting a large single model to faces across a large scale range or multi - scale testing . both are computationally expensive . we propose scale - aware face detector ( safd ) to handle scale explicitly using cnn , and achieve better performance with less computation cost . prior to detection , an efficient cnn predicts the scale distribution histogram of the fa ←
→ convolutional neural networks on irregular domains through approximate translations on inferred graphs ; we propose a generalization of convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to irregular domains , through the use of an inferred graph structure . in more details , we introduce a three - step methodology to create convolutional layers that are adapted to the signals to process : 1 ) from a training set of signals , infer a graph representing the topology on which they evolve ; 2 ) identify translation operators in the ←
→ formulating semantics of probabilistic argumentation by characterizing subgraphs : theory and empirical results ; in existing literature , while approximate approaches based on monte - carlo simulation technique have been proposed to compute the semantics of probabilistic argumentation , how to improve the efficiency of computation without using simulation technique is still an open problem . in this paper , we address this problem from the following two perspectives . first , conceptually , we define specific prop ←
→ affine subspace representation for feature description ; this paper proposes a novel affine subspace representation ( asr ) descriptor to deal with affine distortions induced by viewpoint changes . unlike the traditional local descriptors such as sift , asr inherently encodes local information of multi - view patches , making it robust to affine distortions while maintaining a high discriminative ability . to this end , pca is used to represent affine - warped patches as pca - patch vectors for its compactness and effic ←
→ towards using unlabeled data in a sparse - coding framework for human activity recognition ; we propose a sparse - coding framework for activity recognition in ubiquitous and mobile computing that alleviates two fundamental problems of current supervised learning approaches . ( i ) it automatically derives a compact , sparse and meaningful feature representation of sensor data that does not rely on prior expert knowledge and generalizes extremely well across domain boundaries . ( ii ) it exploits unlabeled sample da ←
→ decision theoretic foundations of graphical model selection ; this paper describes a decision theoretic formulation of learning the graphical structure of a bayesian belief network from data . this framework subsumes the standard bayesian approach of choosing the model with the largest posterior probability as the solution of a decision problem with a 0 - 1 loss function and allows the use of more general loss functions able to trade - off the complexity of the selected model and the error of choosing an oversim ←
→ one - pass person re - identification by sketch online discriminant analysis ; person re - identification ( re - id ) is to match people across disjoint camera views in a multi - camera system , and re - id has been an important technology applied in smart city in recent years . however , the majority of existing person re - id methods are not designed for processing sequential data in an online way . this ignores the real - world scenario that person images detected from multi - cameras system are coming sequentially . while there ←
→ language distribution prediction based on batch markov monte carlo simulation with migration ; language spreading is a complex mechanism that involves issues like culture , economics , migration , population etc . in this paper , we propose a set of methods to model the dynamics of the spreading system . to model the randomness of language spreading , we propose the batch markov monte carlo simulation with migration ( bmmcsm ) algorithm , in which each agent is treated as a language stack . the agent learns languages ←
→ porcupine neural networks : ( almost ) all local optima are global ; neural networks have been used prominently in several machine learning and statistics applications . in general , the underlying optimization of neural networks is non - convex which makes their performance analysis challenging . in this paper , we take a novel approach to this problem by asking whether one can constrain neural network weights to make its optimization landscape have good theoretical properties while at the same time , be a good appr ←
→ robust combining of disparate classifiers through order statistics ; integrating the outputs of multiple classifiers via combiners or meta - learners has led to substantial improvements in several difficult pattern recognition problems . in the typical setting investigated till now , each classifier is trained on data taken or resampled from a common data set , or ( almost ) randomly selected subsets thereof , and thus experiences similar quality of training data . however , in certain situations where data is acquir ←
→ efficient estimation of compressible state - space models with application to calcium signal deconvolution ; in this paper , we consider linear state - space models with compressible innovations and convergent transition matrices in order to model spatiotemporally sparse transient events . we perform parameter and state estimation using a dynamic compressed sensing framework and develop an efficient solution consisting of two nested expectation - maximization ( em ) algorithms . under suitable sparsity assumptions o ←
→ a new optimization approach based on rotational mutation and crossover operator ; evaluating a global optimal point in many global optimization problems in large space is required to more calculations . in this paper , there is presented a new approach for the continuous functions optimization with rotational mutation and crossover operator . this proposed method ( rmc ) starts from the point which has best fitness value by elitism mechanism and after that rotational mutation and crossover operator are used to ←
→ tabular parsing ; this is a tutorial on tabular parsing , on the basis of tabulation of nondeterministic push - down automata . discussed are earley ' s algorithm , the cocke - kasami - younger algorithm , tabular lr parsing , the construction of parse trees , and further issues .←
→ random forests for big data ; big data is one of the major challenges of statistical science and has numerous consequences from algorithmic and theoretical viewpoints . big data always involve massive data but they also often include online data and data heterogeneity . recently some statistical methods have been adapted to process big data , like linear regression models , clustering methods and bootstrapping schemes . based on decision trees combined with aggregation and bootstrap ideas , random forests were in ←
→ design and development of a software system for swarm intelligence based research studies ; this paper introduce a software system including widely - used swarm intelligence algorithms or approaches to be used for the related scientific research studies associated with the subject area . the programmatic infrastructure of the system allows working on a fast , easy - to - use , interactive platform to perform swarm intelligence based studies in a more effective , efficient and accurate way . in this sense , the system ←
→ end - to - end face detection and cast grouping in movies using erdős - rényi clustering ; we present an end - to - end system for detecting and clustering faces by identity in full - length movies . unlike works that start with a predefined set of detected faces , we consider the end - to - end problem of detection and clustering together . we make three separate contributions . first , we combine a state - of - the - art face detector with a generic tracker to extract high quality face tracklets . we then introduce a novel cluster ←
→ using pca to efficiently represent state spaces ; reinforcement learning algorithms need to deal with the exponential growth of states and actions when exploring optimal control in high - dimensional spaces . this is known as the curse of dimensionality . by projecting the agent ' s state onto a low - dimensional manifold , we can represent the state space in a smaller and more efficient representation . by using this representation during learning , the agent can converge to a good policy much faster . we test this ap ←
→ incorporating semi - supervised features into discontinuous easy - first constituent parsing ; this paper describes adaptations for eafi , a parser for easy - first parsing of discontinuous constituents , to adapt it to multiple languages as well as make use of the unlabeled data that was provided as part of the spmrl shared task 2014 .←
→ adaptive coordination of working - memory and reinforcement learning in non - human primates performing a trial - and - error problem solving task ; accumulating evidence suggest that human behavior in trial - and - error learning tasks based on decisions between discrete actions may involve a combination of reinforcement learning ( rl ) and working - memory ( wm ). while the understanding of brain activity at stake in this type of tasks often involve the comparison with non - human primate neurophysiological results , it is ←
→ a modification to evidential probability ; selecting the right reference class and the right interval when faced with conflicting candidates and no possibility of establishing subset style dominance has been a problem for kyburg ' s evidential probability system . various methods have been proposed by loui and kyburg to solve this problem in a way that is both intuitively appealing and justifiable within kyburg ' s framework . the scheme proposed in this paper leads to stronger statistical assertions without sacr ←
→ the mondrian kernel ; we introduce the mondrian kernel , a fast random feature approximation to the laplace kernel . it is suitable for both batch and online learning , and admits a fast kernel - width - selection procedure as the random features can be re - used efficiently for all kernel widths . the features are constructed by sampling trees via a mondrian process [ roy and teh , 2009 ], and we highlight the connection to mondrian forests [ lakshminarayanan et al ., 2014 ], where trees are also sampled via a mondrian pr ←
→ image segmentation using weak shape priors ; the problem of image segmentation is known to become particularly challenging in the case of partial occlusion of the object ( s ) of interest , background clutter , and the presence of strong noise . to overcome this problem , the present paper introduces a novel approach segmentation through the use of " weak " shape priors . specifically , in the proposed method , an segmenting active contour is constrained to converge to a configuration at which its geometric parameters ←
→ super - sparse learning in similarity spaces ; in several applications , input samples are more naturally represented in terms of similarities between each other , rather than in terms of feature vectors . in these settings , machine - learning algorithms can become very computationally demanding , as they may require matching the test samples against a very large set of reference prototypes . to mitigate this issue , different approaches have been developed to reduce the number of required reference prototypes . curre ←
→ task specific visual saliency prediction with memory augmented conditional generative adversarial networks ; visual saliency patterns are the result of a variety of factors aside from the image being parsed , however existing approaches have ignored these . to address this limitation , we propose a novel saliency estimation model which leverages the semantic modelling power of conditional generative adversarial networks together with memory architectures which capture the subject ' s behavioural patterns and t ←
→ on randomization of neural networks as a form of post - learning strategy ; today artificial neural networks are applied in various fields - engineering , data analysis , robotics . while they represent a successful tool for a variety of relevant applications , mathematically speaking they are still far from being conclusive . in particular , they suffer from being unable to find the best configuration possible during the training process ( local minimum problem ). in this paper , we focus on this issue and suggest a ←
→ advances in artificial intelligence : deep intentions , shallow achievements ; over the past decade , ai has made a remarkable progress due to recently revived deep learning technology . deep learning enables to process large amounts of data using simplified neuron networks that simulate the way in which the brain works . at the same time , there is another point of view that posits that brain is processing information , not data . this duality hampered ai progress for years . to provide a remedy for this situatio ←
→ extending acyclicity notions for existential rules (\ emph { long version }) ; existential rules have been proposed for representing ontological knowledge , specifically in the context of ontology - based query answering . entailment with existential rules is undecidable . we focus in this paper on conditions that ensure the termination of a breadth - first forward chaining algorithm known as the chase . first , we propose a new tool that allows to extend existing acyclicity conditions ensuring chase termination , while ←
→ beyond parity : fairness objectives for collaborative filtering ; we study fairness in collaborative - filtering recommender systems , which are sensitive to discrimination that exists in historical data . biased data can lead collaborative - filtering methods to make unfair predictions for users from minority groups . we identify the insufficiency of existing fairness metrics and propose four new metrics that address different forms of unfairness . these fairness metrics can be optimized by adding fairness terms to ←
→ who did what : a large - scale person - centered cloze dataset ; we have constructed a new " who - did - what " dataset of over 200 , 000 fill - in - the - gap ( cloze ) multiple choice reading comprehension problems constructed from the ldc english gigaword newswire corpus . the wdw dataset has a variety of novel features . first , in contrast with the cnn and daily mail datasets ( hermann et al ., 2015 ) we avoid using article summaries for question formation . instead , each problem is formed from two independent articles --- an art ←
→ vigan : missing view imputation with generative adversarial networks ; in an era when big data are becoming the norm , there is less concern with the quantity but more with the quality and completeness of the data . in many disciplines , data are collected from heterogeneous sources , resulting in multi - view or multi - modal datasets . the missing data problem has been challenging to address in multi - view data analysis . especially , when certain samples miss an entire view of data , it creates the missing view proble ←
→ a novel transfer learning method based on common space mapping and weighted domain matching ; in this paper , we propose a novel learning framework for the problem of domain transfer learning . we map the data of two domains to one single common space , and learn a classifier in this common space . then we adapt the common classifier to the two domains by adding two adaptive functions to it respectively . in the common space , the target domain data points are weighted and matched to the target domain in term o ←
→ monoise : modeling noise using a modular normalization system ; we propose monoise : a normalization model focused on generalizability and efficiency , it aims at being easily reusable and adaptable . normalization is the task of translating texts from a non - canonical domain to a more canonical domain , in our case : from social media data to standard language . our proposed model is based on a modular candidate generation in which each module is responsible for a different type of normalization action . the most ←
→ survey of reasoning using neural networks ; reason and inference require process as well as memory skills by humans . neural networks are able to process tasks like image recognition ( better than humans ) but in memory aspects are still limited ( by attention mechanism , size ). recurrent neural network ( rnn ) and it ' s modified version lstm are able to solve small memory contexts , but as context becomes larger than a threshold , it is difficult to use them . the solution is to use large external memory . still , it p ←
→ lifted filtering via exchangeable decomposition ; we present a model for recursive bayesian filtering based on lifted multiset states . combining multisets with lifting makes it possible to simultaneously exploit multiple strategies for reducing inference complexity when compared to list - based grounded state representations . the core idea is to borrow the concept of maximally parallel multiset rewriting systems and to enhance it by concepts from rao - blackwellisation and lifted inference , giving a representat ←
→ weighted - svd : matrix factorization with weights on the latent factors ; the matrix factorization models , sometimes called the latent factor models , are a family of methods in the recommender system research area to ( 1 ) generate the latent factors for the users and the items and ( 2 ) predict users ' ratings on items based on their latent factors . however , current matrix factorization models presume that all the latent factors are equally weighted , which may not always be a reasonable assumption in practice . in ←
→ a case study in knowledge discovery and elicitation in an intelligent tutoring application ; most successful bayesian network ( bn ) applications to datehave been built through knowledge elicitation from experts . this is difficult and time consuming , which has lead to recentinterest in automated methods for learning bns from data . we present a case study in the construction of a bn in anintelligent tutoring application , specifically decimal misconceptions . wedescribe the bn construction using expert elicitat ←
→ salient object detection : a survey ; detecting and segmenting salient objects in natural scenes , often referred to as salient object detection , has attracted a lot of interest in computer vision . while many models have been proposed and several applications have emerged , yet a deep understanding of achievements and issues is lacking . we aim to provide a comprehensive review of the recent progress in salient object detection and situate this field among other closely related areas such as generic scene segme ←
→ on the doubt about margin explanation of boosting ; margin theory provides one of the most popular explanations to the success of \ texttt { adaboost }, where the central point lies in the recognition that \ textit { margin } is the key for characterizing the performance of \ texttt { adaboost }. this theory has been very influential , e . g ., it has been used to argue that \ texttt { adaboost } usually does not overfit since it tends to enlarge the margin even after the training error reaches zero . previously the \ textit { min ←
→ source separation and clustering of phase - locked subspaces : derivations and proofs ; due to space limitations , our submission " source separation and clustering of phase - locked subspaces ", accepted for publication on the ieee transactions on neural networks in 2011 , presented some results without proof . those proofs are provided in this paper .←
→ metric distances derived from cosine similarity and pearson and spearman correlations ; we investigate two classes of transformations of cosine similarity and pearson and spearman correlations into metric distances , utilising the simple tool of metric - preserving functions . the first class puts anti - correlated objects maximally far apart . previously known transforms fall within this class . the second class collates correlated and anti - correlated objects . an example of such a transformation that yields a me ←
→ making neural programming architectures generalize via recursion ; empirically , neural networks that attempt to learn programs from data have exhibited poor generalizability . moreover , it has traditionally been difficult to reason about the behavior of these models beyond a certain level of input complexity . in order to address these issues , we propose augmenting neural architectures with a key abstraction : recursion . as an application , we implement recursion in the neural programmer - interpreter framework o ←
→ influence of topological features on spatially - structured evolutionary algorithms dynamics ; in the last decades , complex networks theory significantly influenced other disciplines on the modeling of both static and dynamic aspects of systems observed in nature . this work aims to investigate the effects of networks ' topological features on the dynamics of an evolutionary algorithm , considering in particular the ability to find a large number of optima on multi - modal problems . we introduce a novel spatiall ←
→ extending fo ( id ) with knowledge producing definitions : preliminary results ; previous research into the relation between asp and classical logic has identified at least two different ways in which the former extends the latter . first , asp program typically contain sets of rules that can be naturally interpreted as inductive definitions , and the language fo ( id ) has shown that such inductive definitions can elegantly be added to classical logic in a modular way . second , there is of course also the well - know ←
→ deontic logic for human reasoning ; deontic logic is shown to be applicable for modelling human reasoning . for this the wason selection task and the suppression task are discussed in detail . different versions of modelling norms with deontic logic are introduced and in the case of the wason selection task it is demonstrated how differences in the performance of humans in the abstract and in the social contract case can be explained . furthermore it is shown that an automated theorem prover can be used as a r ←
→ globally optimal object tracking with fully convolutional networks ; tracking is one of the most important but still difficult tasks in computer vision and pattern recognition . the main difficulties in the tracking field are appearance variation and occlusion . most traditional tracking methods set the parameters or templates to track target objects in advance and should be modified accordingly . thus , we propose a new and robust tracking method using a fully convolutional network ( fcn ) to obtain an object pr ←
→ bayesian pool - based active learning with abstention feedbacks ; we study pool - based active learning with abstention feedbacks , where a labeler can abstain from labeling a queried example with some unknown abstention rate . this is an important problem with many useful applications . we take a bayesian approach to the problem and develop two new greedy algorithms that learn both the classification problem and the unknown abstention rate at the same time . these are achieved by simply incorporating the estimated ←
→ clustering based on the in - tree graph structure and affinity propagation ; a recently proposed clustering method , called the nearest descent ( nd ), can organize the whole dataset into a sparsely connected graph , called the in - tree . this nd - based intree structure proves able to reveal the clustering structure underlying the dataset , except one imperfect place , that is , there are some undesired edges in this in - tree which require to be removed . here , we propose an effective way to automatically remove the unde ←
→ contradiction measures and specificity degrees of basic belief assignments ; in the theory of belief functions , many measures of uncertainty have been introduced . however , it is not always easy to understand what these measures really try to represent . in this paper , we re - interpret some measures of uncertainty in the theory of belief functions . we present some interests and drawbacks of the existing measures . on these observations , we introduce a measure of contradiction . therefore , we present some degre ←
→ adversarial data programming : using gans to relax the bottleneck of curated labeled data ; paucity of large curated hand - labeled training data for every domain - of - interest forms a major bottleneck in the deployment of machine learning models in computer vision and other fields . recent work ( data programming ) has shown how distant supervision signals in the form of labeling functions can be used to obtain labels for given data in near - constant time . in this work , we present adversarial data programming ( ad ←
→ distance metric learning using graph convolutional networks : application to functional brain networks ; evaluating similarity between graphs is of major importance in several computer vision and pattern recognition problems , where graph representations are often used to model objects or interactions between elements . the choice of a distance or similarity metric is , however , not trivial and can be highly dependent on the application at hand . in this work , we propose a novel metric learning method to evalu ←
→ estimation of simultaneously sparse and low rank matrices ; the paper introduces a penalized matrix estimation procedure aiming at solutions which are sparse and low - rank at the same time . such structures arise in the context of social networks or protein interactions where underlying graphs have adjacency matrices which are block - diagonal in the appropriate basis . we introduce a convex mixed penalty which involves $\ ell_1 $- norm and trace norm simultaneously . we obtain an oracle inequality which indicates h ←
→ face synthesis from visual attributes via sketch using conditional vaes and gans ; automatic synthesis of faces from visual attributes is an important problem in computer vision and has wide applications in law enforcement and entertainment . with the advent of deep generative convolutional neural networks ( cnns ), attempts have been made to synthesize face images from attributes and text descriptions . in this paper , we take a different approach , where we formulate the original problem as a stage - wise learn ←
→ randomized approximation of the gram matrix : exact computation and probabilistic bounds ; given a real matrix a with n columns , the problem is to approximate the gram product aa ^ t by c << n weighted outer products of columns of a . necessary and sufficient conditions for the exact computation of aa ^ t ( in exact arithmetic ) from c >= rank ( a ) columns depend on the right singular vector matrix of a . for a monte - carlo matrix multiplication algorithm by drineas et al . that samples outer products , we present prob ←
→ outlier detection using improved genetic k - means ; the outlier detection problem in some cases is similar to the classification problem . for example , the main concern of clustering - based outlier detection algorithms is to find clusters and outliers , which are often regarded as noise that should be removed in order to make more reliable clustering . in this article , we present an algorithm that provides outlier detection and data clustering simultaneously . the algorithmimprovesthe estimation of centroids of t ←
→ dialectic reasoning with inconsistent information ; from an inconsistent database non - trivial arguments may be constructed both for a proposition , and for the contrary of that proposition . therefore , inconsistency in a logical database causes uncertainty about which conclusions to accept . this kind of uncertainty is called logical uncertainty . we define a concept of " acceptability ", which induces a means for differentiating arguments . the more acceptable an argument , the more confident we are in it . a speci ←
→ deep learning assessment of tumor proliferation in breast cancer histological images ; current analysis of tumor proliferation , the most salient prognostic biomarker for invasive breast cancer , is limited to subjective mitosis counting by pathologists in localized regions of tissue images . this study presents the first data - driven integrative approach to characterize the severity of tumor growth and spread on a categorical and molecular level , utilizing multiple biologically salient deep learning classifi ←
→ parent oriented teacher selection causes language diversity ; an evolutionary model for emergence of diversity in language is developed . we investigated the effects of two real life observations , namely , people prefer people that they communicate with well , and people interact with people that are physically close to each other . clearly these groups are relatively small compared to the entire population . we restrict selection of the teachers from such small groups , called imitation sets , around parents . the ←
→ formal verification of piece - wise linear feed - forward neural networks ; we present an approach for the verification of feed - forward neural networks in which all nodes have a piece - wise linear activation function . such networks are often used in deep learning and have been shown to be hard to verify for modern satisfiability modulo theory ( smt ) and integer linear programming ( ilp ) solvers . the starting point of our approach is the addition of a global linear approximation of the overall network behavior to ←
→ using linguistic features to estimate suicide probability of chinese microblog users ; if people with high risk of suicide can be identified through social media like microblog , it is possible to implement an active intervention system to save their lives . based on this motivation , the current study administered the suicide probability scale ( sps ) to 1041 weibo users at sina weibo , which is a leading microblog service provider in china . two nlp ( natural language processing ) methods , the chinese edition of ←
→ multiagent simple temporal problem : the arc - consistency approach ; the simple temporal problem ( stp ) is a fundamental temporal reasoning problem and has recently been extended to the multiagent simple temporal problem ( mastp ). in this paper we present a novel approach that is based on enforcing arc - consistency ( ac ) on the input ( multiagent ) simple temporal network . we show that the ac - based approach is sufficient for solving both the stp and mastp and provide efficient algorithms for them . as our ac - based a ←
→ no regret bound for extreme bandits ; algorithms for hyperparameter optimization abound , all of which work well under different and often unverifiable assumptions . motivated by the general challenge of sequentially choosing which algorithm to use , we study the more specific task of choosing among distributions to use for random hyperparameter optimization . this work is naturally framed in the extreme bandit setting , which deals with sequentially choosing which distribution from a collection to sample in ord ←
→ gangs : generative adversarial network games ; generative adversarial networks ( gan ) have become one of the most successful frameworks for unsupervised generative modeling . as gans are difficult to train much research has focused on this . however , very little of this research has directly exploited game - theoretic techniques . we introduce generative adversarial network games ( gangs ), which explicitly model a finite zero - sum game between a generator ($ g $) and classifier ($ c $) that use mixed strategies . the siz ←
→ self - localization using visual experience across domains ; in this study , we aim to solve the single - view robot self - localization problem by using visual experience across domains . although the bag - of - words method constitutes a popular approach to single - view localization , it fails badly when it ' s visual vocabulary is learned and tested in different domains . further , we are interested in using a cross - domain setting , in which the visual vocabulary is learned in different seasons and routes from the input qu ←
→ an algorithm for repairing low - quality video enhancement techniques based on trained filter ; multifarious image enhancement algorithms have been used in different applications . still , some algorithms or modules are imperfect for practical use . when the image enhancement modules have been fixed or combined by a series of algorithms , we need to repair them as a whole part without changing the inside . this report aims to find an algorithm based on trained filters to repair low - quality image enhancement modu ←
→ a primer on the signature method in machine learning ; in these notes , we wish to provide an introduction to the signature method , focusing on its basic theoretical properties and recent numerical applications . the notes are split into two parts . the first part focuses on the definition and fundamental properties of the signature of a path , or the path signature . we have aimed for a minimalistic approach , assuming only familiarity with classical real analysis and integration theory , and supplementing theo ←
→ 3d menagerie : modeling the 3d shape and pose of animals ; there has been significant work on learning realistic , articulated , 3d models of the human body . in contrast , there are few such models of animals , despite many applications . the main challenge is that animals are much less cooperative than humans . the best human body models are learned from thousands of 3d scans of people in specific poses , which is infeasible with live animals . consequently , we learn our model from a small set of 3d scans of toy fi ←
→ fast robust methods for singular state - space models ; state - space models are used in a wide range of time series analysis formulations . kalman filtering and smoothing are work - horse algorithms in these settings . while classic algorithms assume gaussian errors to simplify estimation , recent advances use a broader range of optimization formulations to allow outlier - robust estimation , as well as constraints to capture prior information . here we develop methods on state - space models where either innovations o ←
→ a riemannian approach for structured low - rank matrix learning ; we consider the problem of learning a low - rank matrix , constrained to lie in a linear subspace , and introduce a novel factorization for modeling such matrices . a salient feature of the proposed factorization scheme is it decouples the low - rank and the structural constraints onto separate factors . we formulate the optimization problem on the riemannian spectrahedron manifold , where the riemannian framework allows to develop computationally effic ←
→ fontcode : embedding information in text documents using glyph perturbation ; we introduce fontcode , an information embedding technique for text documents . provided a text document with specific fonts , our method embeds user - specified information in the text by perturbing the glyphs of text characters while preserving the text content . we devise an algorithm to chooses unobtrusive yet machine - recognizable glyph perturbations , leveraging a recently developed generative model that alters the glyphs of each c ←
→ towards a relation extraction framework for cyber - security concepts ; in order to assist security analysts in obtaining information pertaining to their network , such as novel vulnerabilities , exploits , or patches , information retrieval methods tailored to the security domain are needed . as labeled text data is scarce and expensive , we follow developments in semi - supervised natural language processing and implement a bootstrapping algorithm for extracting security entities and their relationships from text . ←
→ convolutional lstm networks for subcellular localization of proteins ; machine learning is widely used to analyze biological sequence data . non - sequential models such as svms or feed - forward neural networks are often used although they have no natural way of handling sequences of varying length . recurrent neural networks such as the long short term memory ( lstm ) model on the other hand are designed to handle sequences . in this study we demonstrate that lstm networks predict the subcellular location of prote ←
→ prunnig algorithm of generation a minimal set of rule reducts based on rough set theory ; in this paper it is considered rule reduct generation problem , based on rough set theory . rule reduct generation ( rg ) and modified rule generation ( mrg ) algorithms are well - known . alternative to these algorithms pruning algorithm of generation a minimal set of rule reducts , or briefly pruning rule generation ( prg ) algorithm is developed . prg algorithm uses tree structured data type . prg algorithm is compared with rg ←
→ matching objects across the textured - smooth continuum ; the problem of 3d object recognition is of immense practical importance , with the last decade witnessing a number of breakthroughs in the state of the art . most of the previous work has focused on the matching of textured objects using local appearance descriptors extracted around salient image points . the recently proposed bag of boundaries method was the first to address directly the problem of matching smooth objects using boundary features . however ←
→ intel realsense stereoscopic depth cameras ; we present a comprehensive overview of the stereoscopic intel realsense rgbd imaging systems . we discuss these systems ' mode - of - operation , functional behavior and include models of their expected performance , shortcomings , and limitations . we provide information about the systems ' optical characteristics , their correlation algorithms , and how these properties can affect different applications , including 3d reconstruction and gesture recognition . our discussion co ←
→ invariance of weight distributions in rectified mlps ; an interesting approach to analyzing and developing tools for neural networks that has received renewed attention is to examine the equivalent kernel of the neural network . this is based on the fact that a fully connected feedforward network with one hidden layer , a certain weight distribution , an activation function , and an infinite number of neurons is a mapping that can be viewed as a projection into a hilbert space . we show that the equivalent kerne ←
→ a survey of modern optical character recognition techniques ; this report explores the latest advances in the field of digital document recognition . with the focus on printed document imagery , we discuss the major developments in optical character recognition ( ocr ) and document image enhancement / restoration in application to latin and non - latin scripts . in addition , we review and discuss the available technologies for hand - written document recognition . in this report , we also provide some company - accumulate ←
→ metacognitive learning approach for online tool condition monitoring ; as manufacturing processes become increasingly automated , so should tool condition monitoring ( tcm ) as it is impractical to have human workers monitor the state of the tools continuously . tool condition is crucial to ensure the good quality of products : worn tools affect not only the surface quality but also the dimensional accuracy , which means higher reject rate of the products . therefore , there is an urgent need to identify tool failu ←
→ weakly - supervised visual grounding of phrases with linguistic structures ; we propose a weakly - supervised approach that takes image - sentence pairs as input and learns to visually ground ( i . e ., localize ) arbitrary linguistic phrases , in the form of spatial attention masks . specifically , the model is trained with images and their associated image - level captions , without any explicit region - to - phrase correspondence annotations . to this end , we introduce an end - to - end model which learns visual groundings of phr ←
→ theoretical foundation of co - training and disagreement - based algorithms ; disagreement - based approaches generate multiple classifiers and exploit the disagreement among them with unlabeled data to improve learning performance . co - training is a representative paradigm of them , which trains two classifiers separately on two sufficient and redundant views ; while for the applications where there is only one view , several successful variants of co - training with two different classifiers on single - view data inste ←
→ estimating the maximum expected value : an analysis of ( nested ) cross validation and the maximum sample average ; we investigate the accuracy of the two most common estimators for the maximum expected value of a general set of random variables : a generalization of the maximum sample average , and cross validation . no unbiased estimator exists and we show that it is non - trivial to select a good estimator without knowledge about the distributions of the random variables . we investigate and bound the bias and ←
→ characterizing and improving stability in neural style transfer ; recent progress in style transfer on images has focused on improving the quality of stylized images and speed of methods . however , real - time methods are highly unstable resulting in visible flickering when applied to videos . in this work we characterize the instability of these methods by examining the solution set of the style transfer objective . we show that the trace of the gram matrix representing style is inversely related to the stabili ←
→ cortical computation via iterative constructions ; we study boolean functions of an arbitrary number of input variables that can be realized by simple iterative constructions based on constant - size primitives . this restricted type of construction needs little global coordination or control and thus is a candidate for neurally feasible computation . valiant ' s construction of a majority function can be realized in this manner and , as we show , can be generalized to any uniform threshold function . we study the r ←
→ exmoves : classifier - based features for scalable action recognition ; this paper introduces exmoves , learned exemplar - based features for efficient recognition of actions in videos . the entries in our descriptor are produced by evaluating a set of movement classifiers over spatial - temporal volumes of the input sequence . each movement classifier is a simple exemplar - svm trained on low - level features , i . e ., an svm learned using a single annotated positive space - time volume and a large number of unannotated vide ←
→ unbiased offline evaluation of contextual - bandit - based news article recommendation algorithms ; contextual bandit algorithms have become popular for online recommendation systems such as digg , yahoo ! buzz , and news recommendation in general . \ emph { offline } evaluation of the effectiveness of new algorithms in these applications is critical for protecting online user experiences but very challenging due to their " partial - label " nature . common practice is to create a simulator which simulates the online envi ←
→ combining data - driven and model - driven methods for robust facial landmark detection ; facial landmark detection is an important yet challenging task for real - world computer vision applications . this paper proposes an effective and robust approach for facial landmark detection by combining data - and model - driven methods . firstly , a fully convolutional network ( fcn ) is trained to compute response maps of all facial landmark points . such a data - driven method could make full use of holistic information in a f ←
→ learning the dimensionality of word embeddings ; we describe a method for learning word embeddings with data - dependent dimensionality . our stochastic dimensionality skip - gram ( sd - sg ) and stochastic dimensionality continuous bag - of - words ( sd - cbow ) are nonparametric analogs of mikolov et al .' s ( 2013 ) well - known ' word2vec ' models . vector dimensionality is made dynamic by employing techniques used by cote & larochelle ( 2016 ) to define an rbm with an infinite number of hidden units . we show qualitatively and qua ←
→ random forest based approach for concept drift handling ; concept drift has potential in smart grid analysis because the socio - economic behaviour of consumers is not governed by the laws of physics . likewise there are also applications in wind power forecasting . in this paper we present decision tree ensemble classification method based on the random forest algorithm for concept drift . the weighted majority voting ensemble aggregation rule is employed based on the ideas of accuracy weighted ensemble ( awe ) m ←
→ count - based exploration with neural density models ; bellemare et al . ( 2016 ) introduced the notion of a pseudo - count , derived from a density model , to generalize count - based exploration to non - tabular reinforcement learning . this pseudo - count was used to generate an exploration bonus for a dqn agent and combined with a mixed monte carlo update was sufficient to achieve state of the art on the atari 2600 game montezuma ' s revenge . we consider two questions left open by their work : first , how important is the ←
→ deep - learning in mobile robotics - from perception to control systems : a survey on why and why not ; deep - learning has dramatically changed the world overnight . it greatly boosted the development of visual perception , object detection , and speech recognition , etc . that was attributed to the multiple convolutional processing layers for abstraction of learning representations from massive data . the advantages of deep convolutional structures in data processing motivated the applications of artificial intell ←
→ ultra - high dimensional multiple output learning with simultaneous orthogonal matching pursuit : a sure screening approach ; we propose a novel application of the simultaneous orthogonal matching pursuit ( s - omp ) procedure for sparsistant variable selection in ultra - high dimensional multi - task regression problems . screening of variables , as introduced in \ cite { fan08sis }, is an efficient and highly scalable way to remove many irrelevant variables from the set of all variables , while retaining all the relevant ←
→ co - occurrence matrix analysis - based semi - supervised training for object detection ; one of the most important factors in training object recognition networks using convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) is the provision of annotated data accompanying human judgment . particularly , in object detection or semantic segmentation , the annotation process requires considerable human effort . in this paper , we propose a semi - supervised learning ( ssl )- based training methodology for object detection , which makes use of ←
→ detect2rank : combining object detectors using learning to rank ; object detection is an important research area in the field of computer vision . many detection algorithms have been proposed . however , each object detector relies on specific assumptions of the object appearance and imaging conditions . as a consequence , no algorithm can be considered as universal . with the large variety of object detectors , the subsequent question is how to select and combine them . in this paper , we propose a framework to l ←
→ inferring fine - grained details on user activities and home location from social media : detecting drinking - while - tweeting patterns in communities ; nearly all previous work on geo - locating latent states and activities from social media confounds general discussions about activities , self - reports of users participating in those activities at times in the past or future , and self - reports made at the immediate time and place the activity occurs . activities , such as alcohol consumption , may occur at different ←
→ an empirical evaluation of possible variations of lazy propagation ; as real - world bayesian networks continue to grow larger and more complex , it is important to investigate the possibilities for improving the performance of existing algorithms of probabilistic inference . motivated by examples , we investigate the dependency of the performance of lazy propagation on the message computation algorithm . we show how symbolic probabilistic inference ( spi ) and arc - reversal ( ar ) can be used for computation of cliqu ←
→ leveraging patient similarity and time series data in healthcare predictive models ; patient time series classification faces challenges in high degrees of dimensionality and missingness . in light of patient similarity theory , this study explores effective temporal feature engineering and reduction , missing value imputation , and change point detection methods that can afford similarity - based classification models with desirable accuracy enhancement . we select a piecewise aggregation approximation method t ←
→ r - clustering for egocentric video segmentation ; in this paper , we present a new method for egocentric video temporal segmentation based on integrating a statistical mean change detector and agglomerative clustering ( ac ) within an energy - minimization framework . given the tendency of most ac methods to oversegment video sequences when clustering their frames , we combine the clustering with a concept drift detection technique ( adwin ) that has rigorous guarantee of performances . adwin serves as a statistical up ←
→ ambiguity and incomplete information in categorical models of language ; we investigate notions of ambiguity and partial information in categorical distributional models of natural language . probabilistic ambiguity has previously been studied using selinger ' s cpm construction . this construction works well for models built upon vector spaces , as has been shown in quantum computational applications . unfortunately , it doesn ' t seem to provide a satisfactory method for introducing mixing in other compact closed ←
→ hierarchical question answering for long documents ; we present a framework for question answering that can efficiently scale to longer documents while maintaining or even improving performance of state - of - the - art models . while most successful approaches for reading comprehension rely on recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), running them over long documents is prohibitively slow because it is difficult to parallelize over sequences . inspired by how people first skim the document , identify relevant parts , and ca ←
→ kernel mean estimation and stein ' s effect ; a mean function in reproducing kernel hilbert space , or a kernel mean , is an important part of many applications ranging from kernel principal component analysis to hilbert - space embedding of distributions . given finite samples , an empirical average is the standard estimate for the true kernel mean . we show that this estimator can be improved via a well - known phenomenon in statistics called stein ' s phenomenon . after consideration , our theoretical analysis reveals ←
→ a sensitivity analysis of pathfinder ; knowledge elicitation is one of the major bottlenecks in expert system design . systems based on bayes nets require two types of information -- network structure and parameters ( or probabilities ). both must be elicited from the domain expert . in general , parameters have greater opacity than structure , and more time is spent in their refinement than in any other phase of elicitation . thus , it is important to determine the point of diminishing returns , beyond which further ←
→ learning to understand by evolving theories ; in this paper , we describe an approach that enables an autonomous system to infer the semantics of a command ( i . e . a symbol sequence representing an action ) in terms of the relations between changes in the observations and the action instances . we present a method of how to induce a theory ( i . e . a semantic description ) of the meaning of a command in terms of a minimal set of background knowledge . the only thing we have is a sequence of observations from which we ←
→ stag : a stable fiducial marker system ; in this paper , we propose stag , a fiducial marker system that provides stable pose estimation . the outer square border of the marker is used for detection and pose estimation . this is followed by a novel pose refinement step using the inner circular border . the refined pose is more stable and robust across viewing conditions compared to the state of the art . in addition , the lexicographic generation algorithm is adapted for fiducial markers , and libraries with various ←
→ business process deviance mining : review and evaluation ; business process deviance refers to the phenomenon whereby a subset of the executions of a business process deviate , in a negative or positive way , with respect to its expected or desirable outcomes . deviant executions of a business process include those that violate compliance rules , or executions that undershoot or exceed performance targets . deviance mining is concerned with uncovering the reasons for deviant executions by analyzing business proce ←
→ convergence of contrastive divergence algorithm in exponential family ; the contrastive divergence ( cd ) algorithm has achieved notable success in training energy - based models including restricted boltzmann machines and played a key role in the emergence of deep learning . the idea of this algorithm is to approximate the intractable term in the exact gradient of the log - likelihood function by using short markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) runs . the approximate gradient is computationally - cheap but biased . whethe ←
→ theory refinement on bayesian networks ; theory refinement is the task of updating a domain theory in the light of new cases , to be done automatically or with some expert assistance . the problem of theory refinement under uncertainty is reviewed here in the context of bayesian statistics , a theory of belief revision . the problem is reduced to an incremental learning task as follows : the learning system is initially primed with a partial theory supplied by a domain expert , and thereafter maintains its own in ←
→ almost - everywhere algorithmic stability and generalization error ; we explore in some detail the notion of algorithmic stability as a viable framework for analyzing the generalization error of learning algorithms . we introduce the new notion of training stability of a learning algorithm and show that , in a general setting , it is sufficient for good bounds on generalization error . in the pac setting , training stability is both necessary and sufficient for learnability .\ the approach based on training stabili ←
→ end - to - end training for whole image breast cancer diagnosis using an all convolutional design ; we develop an end - to - end training algorithm for whole - image breast cancer diagnosis based on mammograms . it requires lesion annotations only at the first stage of training . after that , a whole image classifier can be trained using only image level labels . this greatly reduced the reliance on lesion annotations . our approach is implemented using an all convolutional design that is simple yet provides superior pe ←
→ genetic algorithm for mulicriteria optimization of a multi - pickup and delivery problem with time windows ; in this paper we present a genetic algorithm for mulicriteria optimization of a multipickup and delivery problem with time windows ( m - pdptw ). the m - pdptw is an optimization vehicles routing problem which must meet requests for transport between suppliers and customers satisfying precedence , capacity and time constraints . this paper purposes a brief literature review of the pdptw , present an approach ←
→ device placement optimization with reinforcement learning ; the past few years have witnessed a growth in size and computational requirements for training and inference with neural networks . currently , a common approach to address these requirements is to use a heterogeneous distributed environment with a mixture of hardware devices such as cpus and gpus . importantly , the decision of placing parts of the neural models on devices is often made by human experts based on simple heuristics and intuitions . in th ←
→ open loop hyperparameter optimization and determinantal point processes ; driven by the need for parallelizable hyperparameter optimization methods , this paper studies \ emph { open loop } search methods : sequences that are predetermined and can be generated before a single configuration is evaluated . examples include grid search , uniform random search , low discrepancy sequences , and other sampling distributions . in particular , we propose the use of $ k $- determinantal point processes in hyperparameter optimizati ←
→ efficient induction of finite state automata ; this paper introduces a new algorithm for the induction if complex finite state automata from samples of behavior . the algorithm is based on information theoretic principles . the algorithm reduces the search space by many orders of magnitude over what was previously thought possible . we compare the algorithm with some existing induction techniques for finite state automata and show that the algorithm is much superior in both run time and quality of inductions .←
→ d - pcn : parallel convolutional networks for image recognition via a discriminator ; in this paper , we introduce a simple but quite effective recognition framework dubbed d - pcn , aiming at enhancing feature extracting ability of cnn . the framework consists of two parallel cnns , a discriminator and an extra classifier which takes integrated features from parallel networks and gives final prediction . the discriminator is core which drives parallel networks to focus on different regions and learn complementary ←
→ regularized discriminant embedding for visual descriptor learning ; images can vary according to changes in viewpoint , resolution , noise , and illumination . in this paper , we aim to learn representations for an image , which are robust to wide changes in such environmental conditions , using training pairs of matching and non - matching local image patches that are collected under various environmental conditions . we present a regularized discriminant analysis that emphasizes two challenging categories among the ←
→ learning robust features with incremental auto - encoders ; automatically learning features , especially robust features , has attracted much attention in the machine learning community . in this paper , we propose a new method to learn non - linear robust features by taking advantage of the data manifold structure . we first follow the commonly used trick of the trade , that is learning robust features with artificially corrupted data , which are training samples with manually injected noise . following the idea of th ←
→ limited - memory matrix adaptation for large scale black - box optimization ; the covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy ( cma - es ) is a popular method to deal with nonconvex and / or stochastic optimization problems when the gradient information is not available . being based on the cma - es , the recently proposed matrix adaptation evolution strategy ( ma - es ) provides a rather surprising result that the covariance matrix and all associated operations ( e . g ., potentially unstable eigendecomposition ) can be repl ←
→ query expansion with locally - trained word embeddings ; continuous space word embeddings have received a great deal of attention in the natural language processing and machine learning communities for their ability to model term similarity and other relationships . we study the use of term relatedness in the context of query expansion for ad hoc information retrieval . we demonstrate that word embeddings such as word2vec and glove , when trained globally , underperform corpus and query specific embeddings for re ←
→ learning to track for spatio - temporal action localization ; we propose an effective approach for spatio - temporal action localization in realistic videos . the approach first detects proposals at the frame - level and scores them with a combination of static and motion cnn features . it then tracks high - scoring proposals throughout the video using a tracking - by - detection approach . our tracker relies simultaneously on instance - level and class - level detectors . the tracks are scored using a spatio - temporal motion h ←
→ sequence prediction based on monotone complexity ; this paper studies sequence prediction based on the monotone kolmogorov complexity km =- log m , i . e . based on universal deterministic / one - part mdl . m is extremely close to solomonoff ' s prior m , the latter being an excellent predictor in deterministic as well as probabilistic environments , where performance is measured in terms of convergence of posteriors or losses . despite this closeness to m , it is difficult to assess the prediction quality of m , since litt ←
→ an asymptotically optimal contextual bandit algorithm using hierarchical structures ; we propose online algorithms for sequential learning in the contextual multi - armed bandit setting . our approach is to partition the context space and then optimally combine all of the possible mappings between the partition regions and the set of bandit arms in a data driven manner . we show that in our approach , the best mapping is able to approximate the best arm selection policy to any desired degree under mild lipschi ←
→ bachelor ' s thesis on generative probabilistic programming ( in russian language , june 2014 ) ; this bachelor ' s thesis , written in russian , is devoted to a relatively new direction in the field of machine learning and artificial intelligence , namely probabilistic programming . the thesis gives a brief overview to the already existing probabilistic programming languages : church , venture , and anglican . it also describes the results of the first experiments on the automatic induction of probabilistic programs . t ←
→ a modified no search algorithm for fractal image compression ; fractal image compression has some desirable properties like high quality at high compression ratio , fast decoding , and resolution independence . therefore it can be used for many applications such as texture mapping and pattern recognition and image watermarking . but it suffers from long encoding time due to its need to find the best match between sub blocks . this time is related to the approach that is used . in this paper we present a fast enco ←
→ pac - bayes - bernstein inequality for martingales and its application to multiarmed bandits ; we develop a new tool for data - dependent analysis of the exploration - exploitation trade - off in learning under limited feedback . our tool is based on two main ingredients . the first ingredient is a new concentration inequality that makes it possible to control the concentration of weighted averages of multiple ( possibly uncountably many ) simultaneously evolving and interdependent martingales . the second ingredient is ←
→ facial expression recognition using a hybrid cnn - sift aggregator ; deriving an effective facial expression recognition component is important for a successful human - computer interaction system . nonetheless , recognizing facial expression remains a challenging task . this paper describes a novel approach towards facial expression recognition task . the proposed method is motivated by the success of convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) on the face recognition problem . unlike other works , we focus on achieving goo ←
→ hnp3 : a hierarchical nonparametric point process for modeling content diffusion over social media ; this paper introduces a novel framework for modeling temporal events with complex longitudinal dependency that are generated by dependent sources . this framework takes advantage of multidimensional point processes for modeling time of events . the intensity function of the proposed process is a mixture of intensities , and its complexity grows with the complexity of temporal patterns of data . moreover , it uti ←
→ darla : improving zero - shot transfer in reinforcement learning ; domain adaptation is an important open problem in deep reinforcement learning ( rl ). in many scenarios of interest data is hard to obtain , so agents may learn a source policy in a setting where data is readily available , with the hope that it generalises well to the target domain . we propose a new multi - stage rl agent , darla ( disentangled representation learning agent ), which learns to see before learning to act . darla ' s vision is based on learn ←
→ mobile multi - view object image search ; high user interaction capability of mobile devices can help improve the accuracy of mobile visual search systems . at query time , it is possible to capture multiple views of an object from different viewing angles and at different scales with the mobile device camera to obtain richer information about the object compared to a single view and hence return more accurate results . motivated by this , we developed a mobile multi - view object image search system , using a clien ←
→ toward real - time decentralized reinforcement learning using finite support basis functions ; this paper addresses the design and implementation of complex reinforcement learning ( rl ) behaviors where multi - dimensional action spaces are involved , as well as the need to execute the behaviors in real - time using robotic platforms with limited computational resources and training times . for this purpose , we propose the use of decentralized rl , in combination with finite support basis functions as alternatives t ←
→ de - pacrr : exploring layers inside the pacrr model ; recent neural ir models have demonstrated deep learning ' s utility in ad - hoc information retrieval . however , deep models have a reputation for being black boxes , and the roles of a neural ir model ' s components may not be obvious at first glance . in this work , we attempt to shed light on the inner workings of a recently proposed neural ir model , namely the pacrr model , by visualizing the output of intermediate layers and by investigating the relationship bet ←
→ game networks ; we introduce game networks ( g nets ), a novel representation for multi - agent decision problems . compared to other game - theoretic representations , such as strategic or extensive forms , g nets are more structured and more compact ; more fundamentally , g nets constitute a computationally advantageous framework for strategic inference , as both probability and utility independencies are captured in the structure of the network and can be exploited in order to simplify the inference process . an impo ←
→ the recovery of causal poly - trees from statistical data ; poly - trees are singly connected causal networks in which variables may arise from multiple causes . this paper develops a method of recovering ply - trees from empirically measured probability distributions of pairs of variables . the method guarantees that , if the measured distributions are generated by a causal process structured as a ply - tree then the topological structure of such tree can be recovered precisely and , in addition , the causal directiona ←
→ discovering discrete latent topics with neural variational inference ; topic models have been widely explored as probabilistic generative models of documents . traditional inference methods have sought closed - form derivations for updating the models , however as the expressiveness of these models grows , so does the difficulty of performing fast and accurate inference over their parameters . this paper presents alternative neural approaches to topic modelling by providing parameterisable distributions over topi ←
→ empirical probabilities in monadic deductive databases ; we address the problem of supporting empirical probabilities in monadic logic databases . though the semantics of multivalued logic programs has been studied extensively , the treatment of probabilities as results of statistical findings has not been studied in logic programming / deductive databases . we develop a model - theoretic characterization of logic databases that facilitates such a treatment . we present an algorithm for checking consistency of such ←
→ tasks for agent - based negotiation teams : analysis , review , and challenges ; an agent - based negotiation team is a group of interdependent agents that join together as a single negotiation party due to their shared interests in the negotiation at hand . the reasons to employ an agent - based negotiation team may vary : ( i ) more computation and parallelization capabilities , ( ii ) unite agents with different expertise and skills whose joint work makes it possible to tackle complex negotiation domains , ( iii ) the ne ←
→ inference for sparse conditional precision matrices ; given $ n $ i . i . d . observations of a random vector $( x , z )$, where $ x $ is a high - dimensional vector and $ z $ is a low - dimensional index variable , we study the problem of estimating the conditional inverse covariance matrix $\ omega ( z ) = ( e [( x - e [ x \ mid z ])( x - e [ x \ mid z ])^ t \ mid z = z ])^{- 1 }$ under the assumption that the set of non - zero elements is small and does not depend on the index variable . we develop a novel procedure that combines the ideas of the local ←
→ the total variation on hypergraphs - learning on hypergraphs revisited ; hypergraphs allow one to encode higher - order relationships in data and are thus a very flexible modeling tool . current learning methods are either based on approximations of the hypergraphs via graphs or on tensor methods which are only applicable under special conditions . in this paper , we present a new learning framework on hypergraphs which fully uses the hypergraph structure . the key element is a family of regularization functional ←
→ ensemble of neural classifiers for scoring knowledge base triples ; this paper describes our approach for the triple scoring task at the wsdm cup 2017 . the task required participants to assign a relevance score for each pair of entities and their types in a knowledge base in order to enhance the ranking results in entity retrieval tasks . we propose an approach wherein the outputs of multiple neural network classifiers are combined using a supervised machine learning model . the experimental results showed th ←
→ green heron swarm optimization algorithm - state - of - the - art of a new nature inspired discrete meta - heuristics ; many real world problems are np - hard problems are a very large part of them can be represented as graph based problems . this makes graph theory a very important and prevalent field of study . in this work a new bio - inspired meta - heuristics called green heron swarm optimization ( ghosa ) algorithm is being introduced which is inspired by the fishing skills of the bird . the algorithm basically suited ←
→ subspace clustering via optimal direction search ; this letter presents a new spectral - clustering - based approach to the subspace clustering problem . underpinning the proposed method is a convex program for optimal direction search , which for each data point d finds an optimal direction in the span of the data that has minimum projection on the other data points and non - vanishing projection on d . the obtained directions are subsequently leveraged to identify a neighborhood set for each data point . an alterna ←
→ stochastic function norm regularization of deep networks ; deep neural networks have had an enormous impact on image analysis . state - of - the - art training methods , based on weight decay and dropout , result in impressive performance when a very large training set is available . however , they tend to have large problems overfitting to small data sets . indeed , the available regularization methods deal with the complexity of the network function only indirectly . in this paper , we study the feasibility of directly ←
→ a generalised directional laplacian distribution : estimation , mixture models and audio source separation ; directional or circular statistics are pertaining to the analysis and interpretation of directions or rotations . in this work , a novel probability distribution is proposed to model multidimensional sparse directional data . the generalised directional laplacian distribution ( dld ) is a hybrid between the laplacian distribution and the von mises - fisher distribution . the distribution ' s parameters are est ←
→ ecmdd : evidential c - medoids clustering with multiple prototypes ; in this work , a new prototype - based clustering method named evidential c - medoids ( ecmdd ), which belongs to the family of medoid - based clustering for proximity data , is proposed as an extension of fuzzy c - medoids ( fcmdd ) on the theoretical framework of belief functions . in the application of fcmdd and original ecmdd , a single medoid ( prototype ), which is supposed to belong to the object set , is utilized to represent one class . for the sake of ←
→ classification of diabetic retinopathy images using multi - class multiple - instance learning based on color correlogram features ; all people with diabetes have the risk of developing diabetic retinopathy ( dr ), a vision - threatening complication . early detection and timely treatment can reduce the occurrence of blindness due to dr . computer - aided diagnosis has the potential benefit of improving the accuracy and speed in dr detection . this study is concerned with automatic classification of images with microa ←
→ symbol grounding association in multimodal sequences with missing elements ; in this paper , we extend a symbolic association framework for being able to handle missing elements in multimodal sequences . the general scope of the work is the symbolic associations of object - word mappings as it happens in language development in infants . in other words , two different representations of the same abstract concepts can associate in both directions . this scenario has been long interested in artificial intelligence ←
→ a new image steganography based on first component alteration technique ; in this paper , a new image steganography scheme is proposed which is a kind of spatial domain technique . in order to hide secret data in cover - image , the first component alteration technique is used . techniques used so far focuses only on the two or four bits of a pixel in a image ( at the most five bits at the edge of an image ) which results in less peak to signal noise ratio and high root mean square error . in this technique , 8 bits ←
→ lexicon infused phrase embeddings for named entity resolution ; most state - of - the - art approaches for named - entity recognition ( ner ) use semi supervised information in the form of word clusters and lexicons . recently neural network - based language models have been explored , as they as a byproduct generate highly informative vector representations for words , known as word embeddings . in this paper we present two contributions : a new form of learning word embeddings that can leverage information from relevant l ←
→ causes for query answers from databases : datalog abduction , view - updates , and integrity constraints ; causality has been recently introduced in databases , to model , characterize , and possibly compute causes for query answers . connections between qa - causality and consistency - based diagnosis and database repairs ( wrt . integrity constraint violations ) have already been established . in this work we establish precise connections between qa - causality and both abductive diagnosis and the view - update problem in d ←
→ automatic curation of golf highlights using multimodal excitement features ; the production of sports highlight packages summarizing a game ' s most exciting moments is an essential task for broadcast media . yet , it requires labor - intensive video editing . we propose a novel approach for auto - curating sports highlights , and use it to create a real - world system for the editorial aid of golf highlight reels . our method fuses information from the players ' reactions ( action recognition such as high - fives and fis ←
→ knowledge integration for conditional probability assessments ; in the probabilistic approach to uncertainty management the input knowledge is usually represented by means of some probability distributions . in this paper we assume that the input knowledge is given by two discrete conditional probability distributions , represented by two stochastic matrices p and q . the consistency of the knowledge base is analyzed . coherence conditions and explicit formulas for the extension to marginal distributions are ob ←
→ an optimal hierarchical clustering approach to segmentation of mobile lidar point clouds ; this paper proposes a hierarchical clustering approach for the segmentation of mobile lidar point clouds . we perform the hierarchical clustering on unorganized point clouds based on a proximity matrix . the dissimilarity measure in the proximity matrix is calculated by the euclidean distances between clusters and the difference of normal vectors at given points . the main contribution of this paper is that we succeed ←
→ multi - objective flower algorithm for optimization ; flower pollination algorithm is a new nature - inspired algorithm , based on the characteristics of flowering plants . in this paper , we extend this flower algorithm to solve multi - objective optimization problems in engineering . by using the weighted sum method with random weights , we show that the proposed multi - objective flower algorithm can accurately find the pareto fronts for a set of test functions . we then solve a bi - objective disc brake design problem ,←
→ using spatial pooler of hierarchical temporal memory to classify noisy videos with predefined complexity ; this paper examines the performance of a spatial pooler ( sp ) of a hierarchical temporal memory ( htm ) in the task of noisy object recognition . to address this challenge , a dedicated custom - designed system based on the sp , histogram calculation module and svm classifier was implemented . in addition to implementing their own version of htm , the authors also designed a profiler which is capable of tracin ←
→ evaluation and ranking of machine translated output in hindi language using precision and recall oriented metrics ; evaluation plays a crucial role in development of machine translation systems . in order to judge the quality of an existing mt system i . e . if the translated output is of human translation quality or not , various automatic metrics exist . we here present the implementation results of different metrics when used on hindi language along with their comparisons , illustrating how effective are thes ←
→ verb pattern : a probabilistic semantic representation on verbs ; verbs are important in semantic understanding of natural language . traditional verb representations , such as framenet , propbank , verbnet , focus on verbs ' roles . these roles are too coarse to represent verbs ' semantics . in this paper , we introduce verb patterns to represent verbs ' semantics , such that each pattern corresponds to a single semantic of the verb . first we analyze the principles for verb patterns : generality and specificity . then we ←
→ scoring formulation for multi - condition joint plda ; the joint plda model , is a generalization of plda where the nuisance variable is no longer considered independent across samples , but potentially shared ( tied ) across samples that correspond to the same nuisance condition . the original work considered a single nuisance condition , deriving the em and scoring formulas for this scenario . in this document , we show how to obtain likelihood ratios for scoring when multiple nuisance conditions are allowed in the ←
→ the bosaris toolkit : theory , algorithms and code for surviving the new dcf ; the change of two orders of magnitude in the ' new dcf ' of nist ' s sre ' 10 , relative to the ' old dcf ' evaluation criterion , posed a difficult challenge for participants and evaluator alike . initially , participants were at a loss as to how to calibrate their systems , while the evaluator underestimated the required number of evaluation trials . after the fact , it is now obvious that both calibration and evaluation require very large se ←
→ distributed high dimensional information theoretical image registration via random projections ; information theoretical measures , such as entropy , mutual information , and various divergences , exhibit robust characteristics in image registration applications . however , the estimation of these quantities is computationally intensive in high dimensions . on the other hand , consistent estimation from pairwise distances of the sample points is possible , which suits random projection ( rp ) based low dimensional e ←
→ learning to make predictions in partially observable environments without a generative model ; when faced with the problem of learning a model of a high - dimensional environment , a common approach is to limit the model to make only a restricted set of predictions , thereby simplifying the learning problem . these partial models may be directly useful for making decisions or may be combined together to form a more complete , structured model . however , in partially observable ( non - markov ) environments , standard ←
→ weighted schatten $ p $- norm minimization for image denoising with local and nonlocal regularization ; this paper presents a patch - wise low - rank based image denoising method with constrained variational model involving local and nonlocal regularization . on one hand , recent patch - wise methods can be represented as a low - rank matrix approximation problem whose convex relaxation usually depends on nuclear norm minimization ( nnm ). here , we extend the nnm to the nonconvex schatten p - norm minimization with additi ←
→ the author - topic model for authors and documents ; we introduce the author - topic model , a generative model for documents that extends latent dirichlet allocation ( lda ; blei , ng , & jordan , 2003 ) to include authorship information . each author is associated with a multinomial distribution over topics and each topic is associated with a multinomial distribution over words . a document with multiple authors is modeled as a distribution over topics that is a mixture of the distributions associated with the authors ←
→ learning to learn with backpropagation of hebbian plasticity ; hebbian plasticity is a powerful principle that allows biological brains to learn from their lifetime experience . by contrast , artificial neural networks trained with backpropagation generally have fixed connection weights that do not change once training is complete . while recent methods can endow neural networks with long - term memories , hebbian plasticity is currently not amenable to gradient descent . here we derive analytical expressions for ←
→ fast and flexible admm algorithms for trend filtering ; this paper presents a fast and robust algorithm for trend filtering , a recently developed nonparametric regression tool . it has been shown that , for estimating functions whose derivatives are of bounded variation , trend filtering achieves the minimax optimal error rate , while other popular methods like smoothing splines and kernels do not . standing in the way of a more widespread practical adoption , however , is a lack of scalable and numerically stable ←
→ learning to label affordances from simulated and real data ; an autonomous robot should be able to evaluate the affordances that are offered by a given situation . here we address this problem by designing a system that can densely predict affordances given only a single 2d rgb image . this is achieved with a convolutional neural network ( resnet ), which we combine with refinement modules recently proposed for addressing semantic image segmentation . we define a novel cost function , which is able to handle ( pot ←
→ sine cosine crow search algorithm : a powerful hybrid meta heuristic for global optimization ; this paper presents a novel hybrid algorithm named since cosine crow search algorithm . to propose the sccsa , two novel algorithms are considered including crow search algorithm ( csa ) and since cosine algorithm ( sca ). the advantages of the two algorithms are considered and utilize to design an efficient hybrid algorithm which can perform significantly better in various benchmark functions . the combination of conce ←
→ tensor decompositions for modeling inverse dynamics ; modeling inverse dynamics is crucial for accurate feedforward robot control . the model computes the necessary joint torques , to perform a desired movement . the highly non - linear inverse function of the dynamical system can be approximated using regression techniques . we propose as regression method a tensor decomposition model that exploits the inherent three - way interaction of positions x velocities x accelerations . most work in tensor factorization has ←
→ predicting accurate probabilities with a ranking loss ; in many real - world applications of machine learning classifiers , it is essential to predict the probability of an example belonging to a particular class . this paper proposes a simple technique for predicting probabilities based on optimizing a ranking loss , followed by isotonic regression . this semi - parametric technique offers both good ranking and regression performance , and models a richer set of probability distributions than statistical workhorses ←
→ a new class of metrics for spike trains ; the distance between a pair of spike trains , quantifying the differences between them , can be measured using various metrics . here we introduce a new class of spike train metrics , inspired by the pompeiu - hausdorff distance , and compare them with existing metrics . some of our new metrics ( the modulus - metric and the max - metric ) have characteristics that are qualitatively different than those of classical metrics like the van rossum distance or the victor & purpura dis ←
→ a novel approach for password authentication using bidirectional associative memory ; password authentication is a very important system security procedure to gain access to user resources . in the traditional password authentication methods a server has check the authenticity of the users . in our proposed method users can freely select their passwords from a predefined character set . they can also use a graphical image as password . the password may be a character or an image it will be converted into bina ←
→ identifying irregular power usage by turning predictions into holographic spatial visualizations ; power grids are critical infrastructure assets that face non - technical losses ( ntl ) such as electricity theft or faulty meters . ntl may range up to 40 % of the total electricity distributed in emerging countries . industrial ntl detection systems are still largely based on expert knowledge when deciding whether to carry out costly on - site inspections of customers . electricity providers are reluctant to move to ←
→ deep - hits : rotation invariant convolutional neural network for transient detection ; we introduce deep - hits , a rotation invariant convolutional neural network ( cnn ) model for classifying images of transients candidates into artifacts or real sources for the high cadence transient survey ( hits ). cnns have the advantage of learning the features automatically from the data while achieving high performance . we compare our cnn model against a feature engineering approach using random forests ( rf ). we show that ←
→ verification , validation and integrity of distributed and interchanged rule based policies and contracts in the semantic web ; rule - based policy and contract systems have rarely been studied in terms of their software engineering properties . this is a serious omission , because in rule - based policy or contract representation languages rules are being used as a declarative programming language to formalize real - world decision logic and create is production systems upon . this paper adopts an se methodology f ←
→ a comparative study of word embeddings for reading comprehension ; the focus of past machine learning research for reading comprehension tasks has been primarily on the design of novel deep learning architectures . here we show that seemingly minor choices made on ( 1 ) the use of pre - trained word embeddings , and ( 2 ) the representation of out - of - vocabulary tokens at test time , can turn out to have a larger impact than architectural choices on the final performance . we systematically explore several options for ←
→ generation of near - optimal solutions using ilp - guided sampling ; our interest in this paper is in optimisation problems that are intractable to solve by direct numerical optimisation , but nevertheless have significant amounts of relevant domain - specific knowledge . the category of heuristic search techniques known as estimation of distribution algorithms ( edas ) seek to incrementally sample from probability distributions in which optimal ( or near - optimal ) solutions have increasingly higher probabilities . can ←
→ evidence feed forward hidden markov model : a new type of hidden markov model ; the ability to predict the intentions of people based solely on their visual actions is a skill only performed by humans and animals . the intelligence of current computer algorithms has not reached this level of complexity , but there are several research efforts that are working towards it . with the number of classification algorithms available , it is hard to determine which algorithm works best for a particular situation . in c ←
→ proposing lt based search in pdm systems for better information retrieval ; pdm systems contain and manage heavy amount of data but the search mechanism of most of the systems is not intelligent which can process user " s natural language based queries to extract desired information . currently available search mechanisms in almost all of the pdm systems are not very efficient and based on old ways of searching information by entering the relevant information to the respective fields of search forms to find ←
→ an enhanced indexing and ranking technique on the semantic web ; with the fast growth of the internet , more and more information is available on the web . the semantic web has many features which cannot be handled by using the traditional search engines . it extracts metadata for each discovered web documents in rdf or owl formats , and computes relations between documents . we proposed a hybrid indexing and ranking technique for the semantic web which finds relevant documents and computes the similarity among ←
→ resolution of indirect anaphora in japanese sentences using examples ' x no y ( y of x )' ; a noun phrase can indirectly refer to an entity that has already been mentioned . for example , `` i went into an old house last night . the roof was leaking badly and ...'' indicates that `` the roof '' is associated with `` an old house }'', which was mentioned in the previous sentence . this kind of reference ( indirect anaphora ) has not been studied well in natural language processing , but is important for coherence resolu ←
→ a bayesian model for recognizing handwritten mathematical expressions ; recognizing handwritten mathematics is a challenging classification problem , requiring simultaneous identification of all the symbols comprising an input as well as the complex two - dimensional relationships between symbols and subexpressions . because of the ambiguity present in handwritten input , it is often unrealistic to hope for consistently perfect recognition accuracy . we present a system which captures all recognizable interpretat ←
→ breaking value symmetry ; one common type of symmetry is when values are symmetric . for example , if we are assigning colours ( values ) to nodes ( variables ) in a graph colouring problem then we can uniformly interchange the colours throughout a colouring . for a problem with value symmetries , all symmetric solutions can be eliminated in polynomial time . however , as we show here , both static and dynamic methods to deal with symmetry have computational limitations . with static methods , pruning all symmetric valu ←
→ gram : graph - based attention model for healthcare representation learning ; deep learning methods exhibit promising performance for predictive modeling in healthcare , but two important challenges remain : - data insufficiency : often in healthcare predictive modeling , the sample size is insufficient for deep learning methods to achieve satisfactory results . - interpretation : the representations learned by deep learning methods should align with medical knowledge . to address these challenges , we propose a graph - bas ←
→ deep network for simultaneous decomposition and classification in uwb - sar imagery ; classifying buried and obscured targets of interest from other natural and manmade clutter objects in the scene is an important problem for the u . s . army . targets of interest are often represented by signals captured using low - frequency ( uhf to l - band ) ultra - wideband ( uwb ) synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) technology . this technology has been used in various applications , including ground penetration and sensing - through - the - w ←
→ long - term ensemble learning of visual place classifiers ; this paper addresses the problem of cross - season visual place classification ( vpc ) from a novel perspective of long - term map learning . our goal is to enable transfer learning efficiently from one season to the next , at a small constant cost , and without wasting the robot ' s available long - term - memory by memorizing very large amounts of training data . to realize a good tradeoff between generalization and specialization abilities , we employ an ensemble ←
→ visual concept detection and real time object detection ; bag - of - words model is implemented and tried on 10 - class visual concept detection problem . the experimental results show that " durf + ert + svm " outperforms " sift + ert + svm " both in detection performance and computation efficiency . besides , combining durf and sift results in even better detection performance . real - time object detection using sift and ransac is also tried on simple objects , e . g . drink can , and good result is achieved .←
→ strategically knowing how ; in this paper , we propose a single - agent logic of goal - directed knowing how extending the standard epistemic logic of knowing that with a new knowing how operator . the semantics of the new operator is based on the idea that knowing how to achieve $\ phi $ means that there exists a ( uniform ) strategy such that the agent knows that it can make sure $\ phi $. we give an intuitive axiomatization of our logic and prove the soundness , completeness , and decidability of the logic . the crucia ←
→ learning the irreducible representations of commutative lie groups ; we present a new probabilistic model of compact commutative lie groups that produces invariant - equivariant and disentangled representations of data . to define the notion of disentangling , we borrow a fundamental principle from physics that is used to derive the elementary particles of a system from its symmetries . our model employs a newfound bayesian conjugacy relation that enables fully tractable probabilistic inference over compact comm ←
→ on the acceptability of arguments in preference - based argumentation ; argumentation is a promising model for reasoning with uncertain knowledge . the key concept of acceptability enables to differentiate arguments and counterarguments : the certainty of a proposition can then be evaluated through the most acceptable arguments for that proposition . in this paper , we investigate different complementary points of view : - an acceptability based on the existence of direct counterarguments , - an acceptability based ←
→ two - stage algorithm for fairness - aware machine learning ; algorithmic decision making process now affects many aspects of our lives . standard tools for machine learning , such as classification and regression , are subject to the bias in data , and thus direct application of such off - the - shelf tools could lead to a specific group being unfairly discriminated . removing sensitive attributes of data does not solve this problem because a \ textit { disparate impact } can arise when non - sensitive attributes and sensiti ←
→ mapping out narrative structures and dynamics using networks and textual information ; human communication is often executed in the form of a narrative , an account of connected events composed of characters , actions , and settings . a coherent narrative structure is therefore a requisite for a well - formulated narrative -- be it fictional or nonfictional -- for informative and effective communication , opening up the possibility of a deeper understanding of a narrative by studying its structural properties . i ←
→ modeling multiple annotator expertise in the semi - supervised learning scenario ; learning algorithms normally assume that there is at most one annotation or label per data point . however , in some scenarios , such as medical diagnosis and on - line collaboration , multiple annotations may be available . in either case , obtaining labels for data points can be expensive and time - consuming ( in some circumstances ground - truth may not exist ). semi - supervised learning approaches have shown that utilizing the unlabeled ←
→ word translation without parallel data ; state - of - the - art methods for learning cross - lingual word embeddings have relied on bilingual dictionaries or parallel corpora . recent studies showed that the need for parallel data supervision can be alleviated with character - level information . while these methods showed encouraging results , they are not on par with their supervised counterparts and are limited to pairs of languages sharing a common alphabet . in this work , we show that we can build a bilingual dictio ←
→ modeling electrical daily demand in presence of phevs in smart grids with supervised learning ; replacing a portion of current light duty vehicles ( ldv ) with plug - in hybrid electric vehicles ( phevs ) offers the possibility to reduce the dependence on petroleum fuels together with environmental and economic benefits . the charging activity of phevs will certainly introduce new load to the power grid . in the framework of the development of a smarter grid , the primary focus of the present study is to propose a ←
→ simulating human grandmasters : evolution and coevolution of evaluation functions ; this paper demonstrates the use of genetic algorithms for evolving a grandmaster - level evaluation function for a chess program . this is achieved by combining supervised and unsupervised learning . in the supervised learning phase the organisms are evolved to mimic the behavior of human grandmasters , and in the unsupervised learning phase these evolved organisms are further improved upon by means of coevolution . while past ←
→ multiple kernel learning from noisy labels by stochastic programming ; we study the problem of multiple kernel learning from noisy labels . this is in contrast to most of the previous studies on multiple kernel learning that mainly focus on developing efficient algorithms and assume perfectly labeled training examples . directly applying the existing multiple kernel learning algorithms to noisily labeled examples often leads to suboptimal performance due to the incorrect class assignments . we address this cha ←
→ statistical decision making for optimal budget allocation in crowd labeling ; in crowd labeling , a large amount of unlabeled data instances are outsourced to a crowd of workers . workers will be paid for each label they provide , but the labeling requester usually has only a limited amount of the budget . since data instances have different levels of labeling difficulty and workers have different reliability , it is desirable to have an optimal policy to allocate the budget among all instance - worker pairs suc ←
→ incentives in the dark : multi - armed bandits for evolving users with unknown type ; design of incentives or recommendations to users is becoming more common as platform providers continually emerge . we propose a multi - armed bandit approach to the problem in which users types are unknown a priori and evolve dynamically in time . unlike the traditional bandit setting , observed rewards are generated by a single markov process . we demonstrate via an illustrative example that blindly applying the traditional ban ←
→ block neural network avoids catastrophic forgetting when learning multiple task ; in the present work we propose a deep feed forward network architecture which can be trained according to a sequential learning paradigm , where tasks of increasing difficulty are learned sequentially , yet avoiding catastrophic forgetting . the proposed architecture can re - use the features learned on previous tasks in a new task when the old tasks and the new one are related . the architecture needs fewer computational resource ←
→ a rational distributed process - level account of independence judgment ; it is inconceivable how chaotic the world would look to humans , faced with innumerable decisions a day to be made under uncertainty , had they been lacking the capacity to distinguish the relevant from the irrelevant --- a capacity which computationally amounts to handling probabilistic independence relations . the highly parallel and distributed computational machinery of the brain suggests that a satisfying process - level account of human ←
→ tracking live fish from low - contrast and low - frame - rate stereo videos ; non - extractive fish abundance estimation with the aid of visual analysis has drawn increasing attention . unstable illumination , ubiquitous noise and low frame rate video capturing in the underwater environment , however , make conventional tracking methods unreliable . in this paper , we present a multiple fish tracking system for low - contrast and low - frame - rate stereo videos with the use of a trawl - based underwater camera system . an automa ←
→ matrix completion from noisy entries ; given a matrix m of low - rank , we consider the problem of reconstructing it from noisy observations of a small , random subset of its entries . the problem arises in a variety of applications , from collaborative filtering ( the ` netflix problem ') to structure - from - motion and positioning . we study a low complexity algorithm introduced by keshavan et al .( 2009 ), based on a combination of spectral techniques and manifold optimization , that we call here optspace . we prove perfo ←
→ linear regression with limited observation ; we consider the most common variants of linear regression , including ridge , lasso and support - vector regression , in a setting where the learner is allowed to observe only a fixed number of attributes of each example at training time . we present simple and efficient algorithms for these problems : for lasso and ridge regression they need the same total number of attributes ( up to constants ) as do full - information algorithms , for reaching a certain accuracy . for sup ←
→ hybrid approaches for automatic vowelization of arabic texts ; hybrid approaches for automatic vowelization of arabic texts are presented in this article . the process is made up of two modules . in the first one , a morphological analysis of the text words is performed using the open source morphological analyzer alkhalil morpho sys . outputs for each word analyzed out of context , are its different possible vowelizations . the integration of this analyzer in our vowelization system required the addition of a le ←
→ double coupled canonical polyadic decomposition for joint blind source separation ; joint blind source separation ( j - bss ) is an emerging data - driven technique for multi - set data - fusion . in this paper , j - bss is addressed from a tensorial perspective . we show how , by using second - order multi - set statistics in j - bss , a specific double coupled canonical polyadic decomposition ( dc - cpd ) problem can be formulated . we propose an algebraic dc - cpd algorithm based on a coupled rank - 1 detection mapping . this algorith ←
→ seeing small faces from robust anchor ' s perspective ; this paper introduces a novel anchor design to support anchor - based face detection for superior scale - invariant performance , especially on tiny faces . to achieve this , we explicitly address the problem that anchor - based detectors drop performance drastically on faces with tiny sizes , e . g . less than 16x16 pixels . in this paper , we investigate why this is the case . we discover that current anchor design cannot guarantee high overlaps between tiny faces and ←
→ strengthening the effectiveness of pedestrian detection with spatially pooled features ; we propose a simple yet effective approach to the problem of pedestrian detection which outperforms the current state - of - the - art . our new features are built on the basis of low - level visual features and spatial pooling . incorporating spatial pooling improves the translational invariance and thus the robustness of the detection process . we then directly optimise the partial area under the roc curve (\ pauc ) measure , whi ←
→ query - based abstractive summarization using neural networks ; in this paper , we present a model for generating summaries of text documents with respect to a query . this is known as query - based summarization . we adapt an existing dataset of news article summaries for the task and train a pointer - generator model using this dataset . the generated summaries are evaluated by measuring similarity to reference summaries . our results show that a neural network summarization model , similar to existing neural network ←
→ collaborative learning for weakly supervised object detection ; weakly supervised object detection has recently received much attention , since it only requires image - level labels instead of the bounding - box labels consumed in strongly supervised learning . nevertheless , the save in labeling expense is usually at the cost of model accuracy . in this paper , we propose a simple but effective weakly supervised collaborative learning framework to resolve this problem , which trains a weakly supervised learner and a ←
→ how hard is it to cross the room ? -- training ( recurrent ) neural networks to steer a uav ; this work explores the feasibility of steering a drone with a ( recurrent ) neural network , based on input from a forward looking camera , in the context of a high - level navigation task . we set up a generic framework for training a network to perform navigation tasks based on imitation learning . it can be applied to both aerial and land vehicles . as a proof of concept we apply it to a uav ( unmanned aerial vehicle ) in a ←
→ self corrective perturbations for semantic segmentation and classification ; convolutional neural networks have been a subject of great importance over the past decade and great strides have been made in their utility for producing state of the art performance in many computer vision problems . however , the behavior of deep networks is yet to be fully understood and is still an active area of research . in this work , we present an intriguing behavior : pre - trained cnns can be made to improve their prediction ←
→ bayesian mixtures of spatial spline regressions ; this work relates the framework of model - based clustering for spatial functional data where the data are surfaces . we first introduce a bayesian spatial spline regression model with mixed - effects ( bssr ) for modeling spatial function data . the bssr model is based on nodal basis functions for spatial regression and accommodates both common mean behavior for the data through a fixed - effects part , and variability inter - individuals thanks to a random - effects part ←
→ multi - task gloh feature selection for human age estimation ; in this paper , we propose a novel age estimation method based on gloh feature descriptor and multi - task learning ( mtl ). the gloh feature descriptor , one of the state - of - the - art feature descriptor , is used to capture the age - related local and spatial information of face image . as the exacted gloh features are often redundant , mtl is designed to select the most informative feature bins for age estimation problem , while the corresponding weights are ←
→ scene labeling using gated recurrent units with explicit long range conditioning ; recurrent neural network ( rnn ), as a powerful contextual dependency modeling framework , has been widely applied to scene labeling problems . however , this work shows that directly applying traditional rnn architectures , which unfolds a 2d lattice grid into a sequence , is not sufficient to model structure dependencies in images due to the " impact vanishing " problem . first , we give an empirical analysis about the " impact vanis ←
→ learning and reasoning with action - related places for robust mobile manipulation ; we propose the concept of action - related place ( arplace ) as a powerful and flexible representation of task - related place in the context of mobile manipulation . arplace represents robot base locations not as a single position , but rather as a collection of positions , each with an associated probability that the manipulation action will succeed when located there . arplaces are generated using a predictive model that is acquir ←
→ some improved results on communication between information systems ; to study the communication between information systems , wang et al . [ c . wang , c . wu , d . chen , q . hu , and c . wu , communicating between information systems , information sciences 178 ( 2008 ) 3228 - 3239 ] proposed two concepts of type - 1 and type - 2 consistent functions . some properties of such functions and induced relation mappings have been investigated there . in this paper , we provide an improvement of the aforementioned work by disclosing the ←
→ provable bayesian inference via particle mirror descent ; bayesian methods are appealing in their flexibility in modeling complex data and ability in capturing uncertainty in parameters . however , when bayes ' rule does not result in tractable closed - form , most approximate inference algorithms lack either scalability or rigorous guarantees . to tackle this challenge , we propose a simple yet provable algorithm , \ emph { particle mirror descent } ( pmd ), to iteratively approximate the posterior density . pmd is inspir ←
→ alberti ' s letter counts ; four centuries before modern statistical linguistics was born , leon battista alberti ( 1404 -- 1472 ) compared the frequency of vowels in latin poems and orations , making the first quantified observation of a stylistic difference ever . using a corpus of 20 latin texts ( over 5 million letters ), alberti ' s observations are statistically assessed . letter counts prove that poets used significantly more a ' s , e ' s , and y ' s , whereas orators used more of the other vowels . the sample sizes needed ←
→ estimating accuracy from unlabeled data : a probabilistic logic approach ; we propose an efficient method to estimate the accuracy of classifiers using only unlabeled data . we consider a setting with multiple classification problems where the target classes may be tied together through logical constraints . for example , a set of classes may be mutually exclusive , meaning that a data instance can belong to at most one of them . the proposed method is based on the intuition that : ( i ) when classifiers agree , they ←
→ computation of variances in causal networks ; the causal ( belief ) network is a well - known graphical structure for representing independencies in a joint probability distribution . the exact methods and the approximation methods , which perform probabilistic inference in causal networks , often treat the conditional probabilities which are stored in the network as certain values . however , if one takes either a subjectivistic or a limiting frequency approach to probability , one can never be certain of probabilit ←
→ a novel framework to expedite systematic reviews by automatically building information extraction training corpora ; a systematic review identifies and collates various clinical studies and compares data elements and results in order to provide an evidence based answer for a particular clinical question . the process is manual and involves lot of time . a tool to automate this process is lacking . the aim of this work is to develop a framework using natural language processing and machine learning to build i ←
→ nonapproximability results for partially observable markov decision processes ; we show that for several variations of partially observable markov decision processes , polynomial - time algorithms for finding control policies are unlikely to or simply don ' t have guarantees of finding policies within a constant factor or a constant summand of optimal . here " unlikely " means " unless some complexity classes collapse ," where the collapses considered are p = np , p = pspace , or p = exp . until or unless these collapses ar ←
→ developing bug - free machine learning systems with formal mathematics ; noisy data , non - convex objectives , model misspecification , and numerical instability can all cause undesired behaviors in machine learning systems . as a result , detecting actual implementation errors can be extremely difficult . we demonstrate a methodology in which developers use an interactive proof assistant to both implement their system and to state a formal theorem defining what it means for their system to be correct . the process o ←
→ a more robust boosting algorithm ; we present a new boosting algorithm , motivated by the large margins theory for boosting . we give experimental evidence that the new algorithm is significantly more robust against label noise than existing boosting algorithm .←
→ binary excess risk for smooth convex surrogates ; in statistical learning theory , convex surrogates of the 0 - 1 loss are highly preferred because of the computational and theoretical virtues that convexity brings in . this is of more importance if we consider smooth surrogates as witnessed by the fact that the smoothness is further beneficial both computationally - by attaining an {\ it optimal } convergence rate for optimization , and in a statistical sense - by providing an improved {\ it optimistic } rate for gen ←
→ classification in biological networks with hypergraphlet kernels ; biological and cellular systems are often modeled as graphs in which vertices represent objects of interest ( genes , proteins , drugs ) and edges represent relational ties among these objects ( binds - to , interacts - with , regulates ). this approach has been highly successful owing to the theory , methodology and software that support analysis and learning on graphs . graphs , however , often suffer from information loss when modeling physical systems d ←
→ pure exploration in infinitely - armed bandit models with fixed - confidence ; we consider the problem of near - optimal arm identification in the fixed confidence setting of the infinitely armed bandit problem when nothing is known about the arm reservoir distribution . we ( 1 ) introduce a pac - like framework within which to derive and cast results ; ( 2 ) derive a sample complexity lower bound for near - optimal arm identification ; ( 3 ) propose an algorithm that identifies a nearly - optimal arm with high probability and ←
→ spatial random sampling : a structure - preserving data sketching tool ; random column sampling is not guaranteed to yield data sketches that preserve the underlying structures of the data and may not sample sufficiently from less - populated data clusters . also , adaptive sampling can often provide accurate low rank approximations , yet may fall short of producing descriptive data sketches , especially when the cluster centers are linearly dependent . motivated by that , this paper introduces a novel randomized colu ←
→ rendermap : exploiting the link between perception and rendering for dense mapping ; we introduce an approach for the real - time ( 2hz ) creation of a dense map and alignment of a moving robotic agent within that map by rendering using a graphics processing unit ( gpu ). this is done by recasting the scan alignment part of the dense mapping process as a rendering task . alignment errors are computed from rendering the scene , comparing with range data from the sensors , and minimized by an optimizer . the proposed ←
→ ava : a video dataset of spatio - temporally localized atomic visual actions ; this paper introduces a video dataset of spatio - temporally localized atomic visual actions ( ava ). the ava dataset densely annotates 80 atomic visual actions in 192 15 - minute video clips , where actions are localized in space and time , resulting in 740k action labels with multiple labels per person occurring frequently . the key characteristics of our dataset are : ( 1 ) the definition of atomic visual actions , rather than composite act ←
→ exact blur measure outperforms conventional learned features for depth finding ; image analysis methods that are based on exact blur values are faced with the computational complexities due to blur measurement error . this atmosphere encourages scholars to look for handcrafted and learned features for finding depth from a single image . this paper introduces a novel exact realization for blur measures on digital images and implements it on a new measure of defocus gaussian blur at edge points in depth from ←
→ perch : perception via search for multi - object recognition and localization ; in many robotic domains such as flexible automated manufacturing or personal assistance , a fundamental perception task is that of identifying and localizing objects whose 3d models are known . canonical approaches to this problem include discriminative methods that find correspondences between feature descriptors computed over the model and observed data . while these methods have been employed successfully , they can be unreliable ←
→ splitting and updating hybrid knowledge bases ( extended version ) ; over the years , nonmonotonic rules have proven to be a very expressive and useful knowledge representation paradigm . they have recently been used to complement the expressive power of description logics ( dls ), leading to the study of integrative formal frameworks , generally referred to as hybrid knowledge bases , where both dl axioms and rules can be used to represent knowledge . the need to use these hybrid knowledge bases in dynamic domains ←
→ integrating user and agent models : a deep task - oriented dialogue system ; task - oriented dialogue systems can efficiently serve a large number of customers and relieve people from tedious works . however , existing task - oriented dialogue systems depend on handcrafted actions and states or extra semantic labels , which sometimes degrades user experience despite the intensive human intervention . moreover , current user simulators have limited expressive ability so that deep reinforcement seq2seq models have to rel ←
→ capacity , fidelity , and noise tolerance of associative spatial - temporal memories based on memristive neuromorphic network ; we have calculated the key characteristics of associative ( content - addressable ) spatial - temporal memories based on neuromorphic networks with restricted connectivity - " crossnets ". such networks may be naturally implemented in nanoelectronic hardware using hybrid cmos / memristor circuits , which may feature extremely high energy efficiency , approaching that of biological cortical circu ←
→ transition - based generation from abstract meaning representations ; this work addresses the task of generating english sentences from abstract meaning representation ( amr ) graphs . to cope with this task , we transform each input amr graph into a structure similar to a dependency tree and annotate it with syntactic information by applying various predefined actions to it . subsequently , a sentence is obtained from this tree structure by visiting its nodes in a specific order . we train maximum entropy models to ←
→ query answering in resource - based answer set semantics ; in recent work we defined resource - based answer set semantics , which is an extension to answer set semantics stemming from the study of its relationship with linear logic . in fact , the name of the new semantics comes from the fact that in the linear - logic formulation every literal ( including negative ones ) were considered as a resource . in this paper , we propose a query - answering procedure reminiscent of prolog for answer set programs under this exten ←
→ embracing data abundance : booktest dataset for reading comprehension ; there is a practically unlimited amount of natural language data available . still , recent work in text comprehension has focused on datasets which are small relative to current computing possibilities . this article is making a case for the community to move to larger data and as a step in that direction it is proposing the booktest , a new dataset similar to the popular children ' s book test ( cbt ), however more than 60 times larger . we sho ←
→ an investigation towards wavelet based optimization of automatic image registration techniques ; image registration is the process of transforming different sets of data into one coordinate system and is required for various remote sensing applications like change detection , image fusion , and other related areas . the effect of increased relief displacement , requirement of more control points , and increased data volume are the challenges associated with the registration of high resolution image data . the o ←
→ probabilistic reasoning about ship images ; one of the most important aspects of current expert systems technology is the ability to make causal inferences about the impact of new evidence . when the domain knowledge and problem knowledge are uncertain and incomplete bayesian reasoning has proven to be an effective way of forming such inferences [ 3 , 4 , 8 ]. while several reasoning schemes have been developed based on bayes rule , there has been very little work examining the comparative effectiveness of these sc ←
→ measuring word significance using distributed representations of words ; distributed representations of words as real - valued vectors in a relatively low - dimensional space aim at extracting syntactic and semantic features from large text corpora . a recently introduced neural network , named word2vec ( mikolov et al ., 2013a ; mikolov et al ., 2013b ), was shown to encode semantic information in the direction of the word vectors . in this brief report , it is proposed to use the length of the vectors , together with t ←
→ can machines think in radio language ? ; people can think in auditory , visual and tactile forms of language , so can machines principally . but is it possible for them to think in radio language ? according to a first principle presented for general intelligence , i . e . the principle of language ' s relativity , the answer may give an exceptional solution for robot astronauts to talk with each other in space exploration .←
→ polar fusion technique analysis for evaluating the performances of image fusion of thermal and visual images for human face recognition ; this paper presents a comparative study of two different methods , which are based on fusion and polar transformation of visual and thermal images . here , investigation is done to handle the challenges of face recognition , which include pose variations , changes in facial expression , partial occlusions , variations in illumination , rotation through different angles , change ←
→ im2pano3d : extrapolating 360 structure and semantics beyond the field of view ; we present im2pano3d , a convolutional neural network that generates a dense prediction of 3d structure and a probability distribution of semantic labels for a full 360 panoramic view of an indoor scene when given only a partial observation (<= 50 %) in the form of an rgb - d image . to make this possible , im2pano3d leverages strong contextual priors learned from large - scale synthetic and real - world indoor scenes . to ease the predi ←
→ bridging the gap between neural networks and neuromorphic hardware with a neural network compiler ; different from developing neural networks ( nns ) for general - purpose processors , the development for nn chips usually faces with some hardware - specific restrictions , such as limited precision of network signals and parameters , constrained computation scale , and limited types of non - linear functions . this paper proposes a general methodology to address the challenges . we decouple the nn applications from th ←
→ nonparametric latent tree graphical models : inference , estimation , and structure learning ; tree structured graphical models are powerful at expressing long range or hierarchical dependency among many variables , and have been widely applied in different areas of computer science and statistics . however , existing methods for parameter estimation , inference , and structure learning mainly rely on the gaussian or discrete assumptions , which are restrictive under many applications . in this paper , we propose ne ←
→ privileged information for data clustering ; many machine learning algorithms assume that all input samples are independently and identically distributed from some common distribution on either the input space x , in the case of unsupervised learning , or the input and output space x x y in the case of supervised and semi - supervised learning . in the last number of years the relaxation of this assumption has been explored and the importance of incorporation of additional information within machine learning alg ←
→ rule based expert system for diagnosis of neuromuscular disorders ; in this paper , we discuss the implementation of a rule based expert system for diagnosing neuromuscular diseases . the proposed system is implemented as a rule based expert system in jess for the diagnosis of cerebral palsy , multiple sclerosis , muscular dystrophy and parkinson ' s disease . in the system , the user is presented with a list of questionnaires about the symptoms of the patients based on which the disease of the patient is diagnosed ←
→ nonparametric unsupervised classification ; unsupervised classification methods learn a discriminative classifier from unlabeled data , which has been proven to be an effective way of simultaneously clustering the data and training a classifier from the data . various unsupervised classification methods obtain appealing results by the classifiers learned in an unsupervised manner . however , existing methods do not consider the misclassification error of the unsupervised classifiers except unsupervised svm , so ←
→ learning deep face representation ; face representation is a crucial step of face recognition systems . an optimal face representation should be discriminative , robust , compact , and very easy - to - implement . while numerous hand - crafted and learning - based representations have been proposed , considerable room for improvement is still present . in this paper , we present a very easy - to - implement deep learning framework for face representation . our method bases on a new structure of deep network ( called pyramid cnn )←
→ multiplicative factorization of noisy - max ; the noisy - or and its generalization noisy - max have been utilized to reduce the complexity of knowledge acquisition . in this paper , we present a new representation of noisy - max that allows for efficient inference in general bayesian networks . empirical studies show that our method is capable of computing queries in well - known large medical networks , qmr - dt and cpcs , for which no previous exact inference method has been shown to perform well .←
→ a spectral algorithm for latent dirichlet allocation ; the problem of topic modeling can be seen as a generalization of the clustering problem , in that it posits that observations are generated due to multiple latent factors ( e . g ., the words in each document are generated as a mixture of several active topics , as opposed to just one ). this increased representational power comes at the cost of a more challenging unsupervised learning problem of estimating the topic probability vectors ( the distributions over ←
→ the hardest logic puzzle ever becomes even tougher ; " the hardest logic puzzle ever " presented by george boolos became a target for philosophers and logicians who tried to modify it and make it even tougher . i propose further modification of the original puzzle where part of the available information is eliminated but the solution is still possible . the solution also gives interesting ideas on logic behind discovery of unknown language .←
→ what do we learn by semantic scene understanding for remote sensing imagery in cnn framework ? ; recently , deep convolutional neural network ( dcnn ) achieved increasingly remarkable success and rapidly developed in the field of natural image recognition . compared with the natural image , the scale of remote sensing image is larger and the scene and the object it represents are more macroscopic . this study inquires whether remote sensing scene and natural scene recognitions differ and raises the following que ←
→ image question answering using convolutional neural network with dynamic parameter prediction ; we tackle image question answering ( imageqa ) problem by learning a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) with a dynamic parameter layer whose weights are determined adaptively based on questions . for the adaptive parameter prediction , we employ a separate parameter prediction network , which consists of gated recurrent unit ( gru ) taking a question as its input and a fully - connected layer generating a set of candida ←
→ segmentation hiérarchique faiblement supervisée ; image segmentation is the process of partitioning an image into a set of meaningful regions according to some criteria . hierarchical segmentation has emerged as a major trend in this regard as it favors the emergence of important regions at different scales . on the other hand , many methods allow us to have prior information on the position of structures of interest in the images . in this paper , we present a versatile hierarchical segmentation method that tak ←
→ tracking the gradients using the hessian : a new look at variance reducing stochastic methods ; our goal is to improve variance reducing stochastic methods through better control variates . we first propose a modification of svrg which uses the hessian to track gradients over time , rather than to recondition , increasing the correlation of the control variates and leading to faster theoretical convergence close to the optimum . we then propose accurate and computationally efficient approximations to the hessi ←
→ orthogonally regularized deep networks for image super - resolution ; deep learning methods , in particular trained convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have recently been shown to produce compelling state - of - the - art results for single image super - resolution ( sr ). invariably , a cnn is learned to map the low resolution ( lr ) image to its corresponding high resolution ( hr ) version in the spatial domain . aiming for faster inference and more efficient solutions than solving the sr problem in the spatial domain , we ←
→ logic programs with compiled preferences ; we describe an approach for compiling preferences into logic programs under the answer set semantics . an ordered logic program is an extended logic program in which rules are named by unique terms , and in which preferences among rules are given by a set of dedicated atoms . an ordered logic program is transformed into a second , regular , extended logic program wherein the preferences are respected , in that the answer sets obtained in the transformed theory correspond ←
→ deep supervised discrete hashing ; with the rapid growth of image and video data on the web , hashing has been extensively studied for image or video search in recent years . benefit from recent advances in deep learning , deep hashing methods have achieved promising results for image retrieval . however , there are some limitations of previous deep hashing methods ( e . g ., the semantic information is not fully exploited ). in this paper , we develop a deep supervised discrete hashing algorithm based on the assumpti ←
→ procedural generation of angry birds levels using building constructive grammar with chinese - style and / or japanese - style models ; this paper presents a procedural generation method that creates visually attractive levels for the angry birds game . besides being an immensely popular mobile game , angry birds has recently become a test bed for various artificial intelligence technologies . we propose a new approach for procedurally generating angry birds levels using chinese style and japanese style building s ←
→ low - rank bilinear pooling for fine - grained classification ; pooling second - order local feature statistics to form a high - dimensional bilinear feature has been shown to achieve state - of - the - art performance on a variety of fine - grained classification tasks . to address the computational demands of high feature dimensionality , we propose to represent the covariance features as a matrix and apply a low - rank bilinear classifier . the resulting classifier can be evaluated without explicitly computing the bilinear f ←
→ approximate decentralized bayesian inference ; this paper presents an approximate method for performing bayesian inference in models with conditional independence over a decentralized network of learning agents . the method first employs variational inference on each individual learning agent to generate a local approximate posterior , the agents transmit their local posteriors to other agents in the network , and finally each agent combines its set of received local posteriors . the key insight in this work is ←
→ solving random quadratic systems of equations is nearly as easy as solving linear systems ; we consider the fundamental problem of solving quadratic systems of equations in $ n $ variables , where $ y_i = |\ langle \ boldsymbol { a } _i , \ boldsymbol { x } \ rangle |^ 2 $, $ i = 1 , \ ldots , m $ and $\ boldsymbol { x } \ in \ mathbb { r }^ n $ is unknown . we propose a novel method , which starting with an initial guess computed by means of a spectral method , proceeds by minimizing a nonconvex functional as in the wirtinger flow approach . ←
→ a holistic approach for optimizing dsp block utilization of a cnn implementation on fpga ; deep neural networks are becoming the de - facto standard models for image understanding , and more generally for computer vision tasks . as they involve highly parallelizable computations , cnn are well suited to current fine grain programmable logic devices . thus , multiple cnn accelerators have been successfully implemented on fpgas . unfortunately , fpga resources such as logic elements or dsp units remain limited . this ←
→ decision making with linear constraints on probabilities ; techniques for decision making with knowledge of linear constraints on condition probabilities are examined . these constraints arise naturally in many situations : upper and lower condition probabilities are known ; an ordering among the probabilities is determined ; marginal probabilities or bounds on such probabilities are known , e . g ., data are available in the form of a probabilistic database ( cavallo and pittarelli , 1987a ); etc . standard situations ←
→ sparse deep stacking network for image classification ; sparse coding can learn good robust representation to noise and model more higher - order representation for image classification . however , the inference algorithm is computationally expensive even though the supervised signals are used to learn compact and discriminative dictionaries in sparse coding techniques . luckily , a simplified neural network module ( snnm ) has been proposed to directly learn the discriminative dictionaries for avoiding the expensi ←
→ bayesian nonparametric feature and policy learning for decision - making ; learning from demonstrations has gained increasing interest in the recent past , enabling an agent to learn how to make decisions by observing an experienced teacher . while many approaches have been proposed to solve this problem , there is only little work that focuses on reasoning about the observed behavior . we assume that , in many practical problems , an agent makes its decision based on latent features , indicating a certain action . t ←
→ different approaches for identifying important concepts in probabilistic biomedical text summarization ; automatic text summarization tools help users in biomedical domain to acquire their intended information from various textual resources more efficiently . some of the biomedical text summarization systems put the basis of their sentence selection approach on the frequency of concepts extracted from the input text . however , it seems that exploring other measures rather than the frequency for identifying ←
→ minimizing inter - subject variability in fnirs based brain computer interfaces via multiple - kernel support vector learning ; brain signal variability in the measurements obtained from different subjects during different sessions significantly deteriorates the accuracy of most brain - computer interface ( bci ) systems . moreover these variabilities , also known as inter - subject or inter - session variabilities , require lengthy calibration sessions before the bci system can be used . furthermore , the calibration ses ←
→ real - time user - guided image colorization with learned deep priors ; we propose a deep learning approach for user - guided image colorization . the system directly maps a grayscale image , along with sparse , local user " hints " to an output colorization with a convolutional neural network ( cnn ). rather than using hand - defined rules , the network propagates user edits by fusing low - level cues along with high - level semantic information , learned from large - scale data . we train on a million images , with simulated user ←
→ training of deep neural networks based on distance measures using rmsprop ; the vanishing gradient problem was a major obstacle for the success of deep learning . in recent years it was gradually alleviated through multiple different techniques . however the problem was not really overcome in a fundamental way , since it is inherent to neural networks with activation functions based on dot products . in a series of papers , we are going to analyze alternative neural network structures which are not based on do ←
→ graph partitioning via parallel submodular approximation to accelerate distributed machine learning ; distributed computing excels at processing large scale data , but the communication cost for synchronizing the shared parameters may slow down the overall performance . fortunately , the interactions between parameter and data in many problems are sparse , which admits efficient partition in order to reduce the communication overhead . in this paper , we formulate data placement as a graph partitioning proble ←
→ psf : introduction to r package for pattern sequence based forecasting algorithm ; this paper discusses about an r package that implements the pattern sequence based forecasting ( psf ) algorithm , which was developed for univariate time series forecasting . this algorithm has been successfully applied to many different fields . the psf algorithm consists of two major parts : clustering and prediction . the clustering part includes selection of the optimum number of clusters . it labels time series data with refe ←
→ a trie - structured bayesian model for unsupervised morphological segmentation ; in this paper , we introduce a trie - structured bayesian model for unsupervised morphological segmentation . we adopt prior information from different sources in the model . we use neural word embeddings to discover words that are morphologically derived from each other and thereby that are semantically similar . we use letter successor variety counts obtained from tries that are built by neural word embeddings . our results show tha ←
→ the generating function of the polytope of transport matrices $ u ( r , c )$ as a positive semidefinite kernel of the marginals $ r $ and $ c $ ; this paper has been withdrawn by the author due to a crucial error in the proof of lemma 5 .←
→ towards a general framework for actual causation using cp - logic ; since pearl ' s seminal work on providing a formal language for causality , the subject has garnered a lot of interest among philosophers and researchers in artificial intelligence alike . one of the most debated topics in this context regards the notion of actual causation , which concerns itself with specific - as opposed to general - causal claims . the search for a proper formal definition of actual causation has evolved into a controversial de ←
→ direct monocular odometry using points and lines ; most visual odometry algorithm for a monocular camera focuses on points , either by feature matching , or direct alignment of pixel intensity , while ignoring a common but important geometry entity : edges . in this paper , we propose an odometry algorithm that combines points and edges to benefit from the advantages of both direct and feature based methods . it works better in texture - less environments and is also more robust to lighting changes and fast motion b ←
→ steady - state performance of non - negative least - mean - square algorithm and its variants ; non - negative least - mean - square ( nnlms ) algorithm and its variants have been proposed for online estimation under non - negativity constraints . the transient behavior of the nnlms , normalized nnlms , exponential nnlms and sign - sign nnlms algorithms have been studied in our previous work . in this technical report , we derive closed - form expressions for the steady - state excess mean - square error ( emse ) for the four algorithms .←
→ exact structure learning of bayesian networks by optimal path extension ; bayesian networks are probabilistic graphical models often used in big data analytics . the problem of exact structure learning is to find a network structure that is optimal under certain scoring criteria . the problem is known to be np - hard and the existing methods are both computationally and memory intensive . in this paper , we introduce a new approach for exact structure learning . our strategy is to leverage relationship between a p ←
→ towards multi - agent communication - based language learning ; we propose an interactive multimodal framework for language learning . instead of being passively exposed to large amounts of natural text , our learners ( implemented as feed - forward neural networks ) engage in cooperative referential games starting from a tabula rasa setup , and thus develop their own language from the need to communicate in order to succeed at the game . preliminary experiments provide promising results , but also suggest that it is im ←
→ on - the - fly operation batching in dynamic computation graphs ; dynamic neural network toolkits such as pytorch , dynet , and chainer offer more flexibility for implementing models that cope with data of varying dimensions and structure , relative to toolkits that operate on statically declared computations ( e . g ., tensorflow , cntk , and theano ). however , existing toolkits - both static and dynamic - require that the developer organize the computations into the batches necessary for exploiting high - performance alg ←
→ iteratively linearized reweighted alternating direction method of multipliers for a class of nonconvex problems ; in this paper , we consider solving a class of nonconvex and nonsmooth problems frequently appearing in signal processing and machine learning research . the traditional alternating direction method of multipliers encounters troubles in both mathematics and computations in solving the nonconvex and nonsmooth subproblem . in view of this , we propose a reweighted alternating direction method of mul ←
→ tomographic image reconstruction using training images ; we describe and examine an algorithm for tomographic image reconstruction where prior knowledge about the solution is available in the form of training images . we first construct a nonnegative dictionary based on prototype elements from the training images ; this problem is formulated as a regularized non - negative matrix factorization . incorporating the dictionary as a prior in a convex reconstruction problem , we then find an approximate solution with ←
→ temporal autoencoding restricted boltzmann machine ; much work has been done refining and characterizing the receptive fields learned by deep learning algorithms . a lot of this work has focused on the development of gabor - like filters learned when enforcing sparsity constraints on a natural image dataset . little work however has investigated how these filters might expand to the temporal domain , namely through training on natural movies . here we investigate exactly this problem in established temporal deep ←
→ semantic perceptual image compression using deep convolution networks ; it has long been considered a significant problem to improve the visual quality of lossy image and video compression . recent advances in computing power together with the availability of large training data sets has increased interest in the application of deep learning cnns to address image recognition and image processing tasks . here , we present a powerful cnn tailored to the specific task of semantic image understanding to achieve hi ←
→ the singularity controversy , part i : lessons learned and open questions : conclusions from the battle on the legitimacy of the debate ; this report seeks to inform policy makers on the nature and the merit of the arguments for and against the concerns associated with a potential technological singularity . part i describes the lessons learned from our investigation of the subject , separating the argu - ments of merit from the fallacies and misconceptions that confuse the debate and undermine its rational re ←
→ impatient dnns - deep neural networks with dynamic time budgets ; we propose impatient deep neural networks ( dnns ) which deal with dynamic time budgets during application . they allow for individual budgets given a priori for each test example and for anytime prediction , i . e ., a possible interruption at multiple stages during inference while still providing output estimates . our approach can therefore tackle the computational costs and energy demands of dnns in an adaptive manner , a property essential for re ←
→ robust non - line - of - sight imaging with single photon detectors ; imaging objects that are obscured by scattering and occlusion is an important challenge for many applications . for example , navigation and mapping capabilities of autonomous vehicles could be improved , vision in harsh weather conditions or under water could be facilitated , or search and rescue scenarios could become more effective . unfortunately , conventional cameras cannot see around corners . emerging , time - resolved computational imaging syste ←
→ a unified optimization view on generalized matching pursuit and frank - wolfe ; two of the most fundamental prototypes of greedy optimization are the matching pursuit and frank - wolfe algorithms . in this paper , we take a unified view on both classes of methods , leading to the first explicit convergence rates of matching pursuit methods in an optimization sense , for general sets of atoms . we derive sublinear ($ 1 / t $) convergence for both classes on general smooth objectives , and linear convergence on strongly ←
→ a credit assignment compiler for joint prediction ; many machine learning applications involve jointly predicting multiple mutually dependent output variables . learning to search is a family of methods where the complex decision problem is cast into a sequence of decisions via a search space . although these methods have shown promise both in theory and in practice , implementing them has been burdensomely awkward . in this paper , we show the search space can be defined by an arbitrary imperative program , turn ←
→ a complete characterization of statistical query learning with applications to evolvability ; statistical query ( sq ) learning model of kearns ( 1993 ) is a natural restriction of the pac learning model in which a learning algorithm is allowed to obtain estimates of statistical properties of the examples but cannot see the examples themselves . we describe a new and simple characterization of the query complexity of learning in the sq learning model . unlike the previously known bounds on sq learning our chara ←
→ genetic algorithm for designing a convenient facility layout for a circular flow path ; in this paper , we present a heuristic for designing facility layouts that are convenient for designing a unidirectional loop for material handling . we use genetic algorithm where the objective function and crossover and mutation operators have all been designed specifically for this purpose . our design is made under flexible bay structure and comparisons are made with other layouts from the literature that were designe ←
→ measures of entropy from data using infinitely divisible kernels ; information theory provides principled ways to analyze different inference and learning problems such as hypothesis testing , clustering , dimensionality reduction , classification , among others . however , the use of information theoretic quantities as test statistics , that is , as quantities obtained from empirical data , poses a challenging estimation problem that often leads to strong simplifications such as gaussian models , or the use of plug ←
→ mvn2vec : preservation and collaboration in multi - view network embedding ; multi - view networks are ubiquitous in real - world applications . in order to extract knowledge or business value , it is of interest to transform such networks into representations that are easily machine - actionable . meanwhile , network embedding has emerged as an effective approach to generate distributed network representations . therefore , we are motivated to study the problem of multi - view network embedding , with a focus on the charact ←
→ divergent discourse between protests and counter - protests : # blacklivesmatter and # alllivesmatter ; since the shooting of black teenager michael brown by white police officer darren wilson in ferguson , missouri , the protest hashtag # blacklivesmatter has amplified critiques of extrajudicial killings of black americans . in response to # blacklivesmatter , other twitter users have adopted # alllivesmatter , a counter - protest hashtag whose content argues that equal attention should be given to all lives regardless ←
→ training reinforcement neurocontrollers using the polytope algorithm ; a new training algorithm is presented for delayed reinforcement learning problems that does not assume the existence of a critic model and employs the polytope optimization algorithm to adjust the weights of the action network so that a simple direct measure of the training performance is maximized . experimental results from the application of the method to the pole balancing problem indicate improved training performance compared with c ←
→ a complete calculus for possibilistic logic programming with fuzzy propositional variables ; in this paper we present a propositional logic programming language for reasoning under possibilistic uncertainty and representing vague knowledge . formulas are represented by pairs ( a , c ), where a is a many - valued proposition and c is value in the unit interval [ 0 , 1 ] which denotes a lower bound on the belief on a in terms of necessity measures . belief states are modeled by possibility distributions on the set of ←
→ transfer learning for speech recognition on a budget ; end - to - end training of automated speech recognition ( asr ) systems requires massive data and compute resources . we explore transfer learning based on model adaptation as an approach for training asr models under constrained gpu memory , throughput and training data . we conduct several systematic experiments adapting a wav2letter convolutional neural network originally trained for english asr to the german language . we show that this technique allows faste ←
→ partition functions from rao - blackwellized tempered sampling ; partition functions of probability distributions are important quantities for model evaluation and comparisons . we present a new method to compute partition functions of complex and multimodal distributions . such distributions are often sampled using simulated tempering , which augments the target space with an auxiliary inverse temperature variable . our method exploits the multinomial probability law of the inverse temperatures , and provides est ←
→ pictures of combinatorial cubes ; we prove that the 8 - point algorithm always fails to reconstruct a unique fundamental matrix $ f $ independent on the camera positions , when its input are image point configurations that are perspective projections of the vertices of a combinatorial cube in $\ mathbb { r }^ 3 $. we give an algorithm that improves the 7 - and 8 - point algorithm in such a pathological situation . additionally we analyze the regions of focal point positions where a reconstruction of $ f $ is possible at all ←
→ machine learning approaches to energy consumption forecasting in households ; we consider the problem of power demand forecasting in residential micro - grids . several approaches using arma models , support vector machines , and recurrent neural networks that perform one - step ahead predictions have been proposed in the literature . here , we extend them to perform multi - step ahead forecasting and we compare their performance . toward this end , we implement a parallel and efficient training framework , using power ←
→ multi - task memory networks for category - specific aspect and opinion terms co - extraction ; in aspect - based sentiment analysis , most existing methods either focus on aspect / opinion terms extraction or aspect terms categorization . however , each task by itself only provides partial information to end users . to generate more detailed and structured opinion analysis , we propose a finer - grained problem , which we call category - specific aspect and opinion terms extraction . this problem involves the identification ←
→ aging in language dynamics ; human languages evolve continuously , and a puzzling problem is how to reconcile the apparent robustness of most of the deep linguistic structures we use with the evidence that they undergo possibly slow , yet ceaseless , changes . is the state in which we observe languages today closer to what would be a dynamical attractor with statistically stationary properties or rather closer to a non - steady state slowly evolving in time ? here we address this question in the framework of the e ←
→ semi - supervised and unsupervised methods for categorizing posts in web discussion forums ; web discussion forums are used by millions of people worldwide to share information belonging to a variety of domains such as automotive vehicles , pets , sports , etc . they typically contain posts that fall into different categories such as problem , solution , feedback , spam , etc . automatic identification of these categories can aid information retrieval that is tailored for specific user requirements . previously , a nu ←
→ collaborative filtering with information - rich and information - sparse entities ; in this paper , we consider a popular model for collaborative filtering in recommender systems where some users of a website rate some items , such as movies , and the goal is to recover the ratings of some or all of the unrated items of each user . in particular , we consider both the clustering model , where only users ( or items ) are clustered , and the co - clustering model , where both users and items are clustered , and further , we ←
→ multi - source transfer learning with convolutional neural networks for lung pattern analysis ; early diagnosis of interstitial lung diseases is crucial for their treatment , but even experienced physicians find it difficult , as their clinical manifestations are similar . in order to assist with the diagnosis , computer - aided diagnosis ( cad ) systems have been developed . these commonly rely on a fixed scale classifier that scans ct images , recognizes textural lung patterns and generates a map of pathologies . in ←
→ finite domain bounds consistency revisited ; a widely adopted approach to solving constraint satisfaction problems combines systematic tree search with constraint propagation for pruning the search space . constraint propagation is performed by propagators implementing a certain notion of consistency . bounds consistency is the method of choice for building propagators for arithmetic constraints and several global constraints in the finite integer domain . however , there has been some confusion in the definiti ←
→ analytical comparison of noise reduction filters for image restoration using snr estimation ; noise removal from images is a part of image restoration in which we try to reconstruct or recover an image that has been degraded by using apriori knowledge of the degradation phenomenon . noises present in images can be of various types with their characteristic probability distribution functions ( pdf ). noise removal techniques depend on the kind of noise present in the image rather than on the image itself . thi ←
→ model - based functional mixture discriminant analysis with hidden process regression for curve classification ; in this paper , we study the modeling and the classification of functional data presenting regime changes over time . we propose a new model - based functional mixture discriminant analysis approach based on a specific hidden process regression model that governs the regime changes over time . our approach is particularly adapted to handle the problem of complex - shaped classes of curves , where each cl ←
→ iod - cnn : integrating object detection networks for event recognition ; many previous methods have showed the importance of considering semantically relevant objects for performing event recognition , yet none of the methods have exploited the power of deep convolutional neural networks to directly integrate relevant object information into a unified network . we present a novel unified deep cnn architecture which integrates architecturally different , yet semantically - related object detection networks to enhan ←
→ interactive error correction in implicative theories ; errors in implicative theories coming from binary data are studied . first , two classes of errors that may affect implicative theories are singled out . two approaches for finding errors of these classes are proposed , both of them based on methods of formal concept analysis . the first approach uses the cardinality minimal ( canonical or duquenne - guigues ) implication base . the construction of such a base is computationally intractable . using an alternative ←
→ neural networks with differentiable structure ; while gradient descent has proven highly successful in learning connection weights for neural networks , the actual structure of these networks is usually determined by hand , or by other optimization algorithms . here we describe a simple method to make network structure differentiable , and therefore accessible to gradient descent . we test this method on recurrent neural networks applied to simple sequence prediction problems . starting with initial networks cont ←
→ distributed online learning in social recommender systems ; in this paper , we consider decentralized sequential decision making in distributed online recommender systems , where items are recommended to users based on their search query as well as their specific background including history of bought items , gender and age , all of which comprise the context information of the user . in contrast to centralized recommender systems , in which there is a single centralized seller who has access to the complete inve ←
→ fast sampling for strongly rayleigh measures with application to determinantal point processes ; in this note we consider sampling from ( non - homogeneous ) strongly rayleigh probability measures . as an important corollary , we obtain a fast mixing markov chain sampler for determinantal point processes .←
→ automatic handgun detection alarm in videos using deep learning ; current surveillance and control systems still require human supervision and intervention . this work presents a novel automatic handgun detection system in videos appropriate for both , surveillance and control purposes . we reformulate this detection problem into the problem of minimizing false positives and solve it by building the key training data - set guided by the results of a deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) classifier , then asses ←
→ sequential dynamic decision making with deep neural nets on a test - time budget ; deep neural network ( dnn ) based approaches hold significant potential for reinforcement learning ( rl ) and have already shown remarkable gains over state - of - art methods in a number of applications . the effectiveness of dnn methods can be attributed to leveraging the abundance of supervised data to learn value functions , q - functions , and policy function approximations without the need for feature engineering . nevertheless , the ←
→ re - scale boosting for regression and classification ; boosting is a learning scheme that combines weak prediction rules to produce a strong composite estimator , with the underlying intuition that one can obtain accurate prediction rules by combining " rough " ones . although boosting is proved to be consistent and overfitting - resistant , its numerical convergence rate is relatively slow . the aim of this paper is to develop a new boosting strategy , called the re - scale boosting ( rboosting ), to accelerate the nume ←
→ deep reinforcement learning with a natural language action space ; this paper introduces a novel architecture for reinforcement learning with deep neural networks designed to handle state and action spaces characterized by natural language , as found in text - based games . termed a deep reinforcement relevance network ( drrn ), the architecture represents action and state spaces with separate embedding vectors , which are combined with an interaction function to approximate the q - function in reinforcement learnin ←
→ scene graph generation by iterative message passing ; understanding a visual scene goes beyond recognizing individual objects in isolation . relationships between objects also constitute rich semantic information about the scene . in this work , we explicitly model the objects and their relationships using scene graphs , a visually - grounded graphical structure of an image . we propose a novel end - to - end model that generates such structured scene representation from an input image . the model solves the scene grap ←
→ wavelet domain residual network ( wavresnet ) for low - dose x - ray ct reconstruction ; model based iterative reconstruction ( mbir ) algorithms for low - dose x - ray ct are computationally complex because of the repeated use of the forward and backward projection . inspired by this success of deep learning in computer vision applications , we recently proposed a deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for low - dose x - ray ct and won the second place in 2016 aapm low - dose ct grand challenge . however , some of the textur ←
→ learning 3d object categories by looking around them ; traditional approaches for learning 3d object categories use either synthetic data or manual supervision . in this paper , we propose a method which does not require manual annotations and is instead cued by observing objects from a moving vantage point . our system builds on two innovations : a siamese viewpoint factorization network that robustly aligns different videos together without explicitly comparing 3d shapes ; and a 3d shape completion network tha ←
→ speech recognition with deep recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are a powerful model for sequential data . end - to - end training methods such as connectionist temporal classification make it possible to train rnns for sequence labelling problems where the input - output alignment is unknown . the combination of these methods with the long short - term memory rnn architecture has proved particularly fruitful , delivering state - of - the - art results in cursive handwriting recognition . however rn ←
→ dataset construction via attention for aspect term extraction with distant supervision ; aspect term extraction ( ate ) detects opinionated aspect terms in sentences or text spans , with the end goal of performing aspect - based sentiment analysis . the small amount of available datasets for supervised ate and the fact that they cover only a few domains raise the need for exploiting other data sources in new and creative ways . publicly available review corpora contain a plethora of opinionated aspect terms and ←
→ matrix completion via max - norm constrained optimization ; matrix completion has been well studied under the uniform sampling model and the trace - norm regularized methods perform well both theoretically and numerically in such a setting . however , the uniform sampling model is unrealistic for a range of applications and the standard trace - norm relaxation can behave very poorly when the underlying sampling scheme is non - uniform . in this paper we propose and analyze a max - norm constrained empirical risk minim ←
→ neural task programming : learning to generalize across hierarchical tasks ; in this work , we propose a novel robot learning framework called neural task programming ( ntp ), which bridges the idea of few - shot learning from demonstration and neural program induction . ntp takes as input a task specification ( e . g ., video demonstration of a task ) and recursively decomposes it into finer sub - task specifications . these specifications are fed to a hierarchical neural program , where bottom - level programs are callab ←
→ match - tensor : a deep relevance model for search ; the application of deep neural networks for ranking in search engines may obviate the need for the extensive feature engineering common to current learning - to - rank methods . however , we show that combining simple relevance matching features like bm25 with existing deep neural net models often substantially improves the accuracy of these models , indicating that they do not capture essential local relevance matching signals . we describe a novel deep recurrent n ←
→ fine - grained decision - theoretic search control ; decision - theoretic control of search has previously used as its basic unit . of computation the generation and evaluation of a complete set of successors . although this simplifies analysis , it results in some lost opportunities for pruning and satisficing . this paper therefore extends the analysis of the value of computation to cover individual successor evaluations . the analytic techniques used may prove useful for control of reasoning in more general setting ←
→ netneg : a connectionist - agent integrated system for representing musical knowledge ; the system presented here shows the feasibility of modeling the knowledge involved in a complex musical activity by integrating sub - symbolic and symbolic processes . this research focuses on the question of whether there is any advantage in integrating a neural network together with a distributed artificial intelligence approach within the music domain . the primary purpose of our work is to design a model that describes th ←
→ evaluation method of word embedding by roots and affixes ; word embedding has been shown to be remarkably effective in a lot of natural language processing tasks . however , existing models still have a couple of limitations in interpreting the dimensions of word vector . in this paper , we provide a new approach --- roots and affixes model ( raam )--- to interpret it from the intrinsic structures of natural language . also it can be used as an evaluation measure of the quality of word embedding . we introduce the info ←
→ asynchronous parallel bayesian optimisation via thompson sampling ; we design and analyse variations of the classical thompson sampling ( ts ) procedure for bayesian optimisation ( bo ) in settings where function evaluations are expensive , but can be performed in parallel . our theoretical analysis shows that a direct application of the sequential thompson sampling algorithm in either synchronous or asynchronous parallel settings yields a surprisingly powerful result : making $ n $ evaluations distributed among $ m $←
→ featureless 2d - 3d pose estimation by minimising an illumination - invariant loss ; the problem of identifying the 3d pose of a known object from a given 2d image has important applications in computer vision ranging from robotic vision to image analysis . our proposed method of registering a 3d model of a known object on a given 2d photo of the object has numerous advantages over existing methods : it does neither require prior training nor learning , nor knowledge of the camera parameters , nor explicit point ←
→ text understanding with the attention sum reader network ; several large cloze - style context - question - answer datasets have been introduced recently : the cnn and daily mail news data and the children ' s book test . thanks to the size of these datasets , the associated text comprehension task is well suited for deep - learning techniques that currently seem to outperform all alternative approaches . we present a new , simple model that uses attention to directly pick the answer from the context as opposed to computi ←
→ potential conditional mutual information : estimators , properties and applications ; the conditional mutual information i ( x ; y | z ) measures the average information that x and y contain about each other given z . this is an important primitive in many learning problems including conditional independence testing , graphical model inference , causal strength estimation and time - series problems . in several applications , it is desirable to have a functional purely of the conditional distribution p_ { y | x , z } rather tha ←
→ multi - modal hybrid deep neural network for speech enhancement ; deep neural networks ( dnn ) have been successful in en - hancing noisy speech signals . enhancement is achieved by learning a nonlinear mapping function from the features of the corrupted speech signal to that of the reference clean speech signal . the quality of predicted features can be improved by providing additional side channel information that is robust to noise , such as visual cues . in this paper we propose a novel deep learning model inspi ←
→ multigrid with rough coefficients and multiresolution operator decomposition from hierarchical information games ; we introduce a near - linear complexity ( geometric and meshless / algebraic ) multigrid / multiresolution method for pdes with rough ($ l ^\ infty $) coefficients with rigorous a - priori accuracy and performance estimates . the method is discovered through a decision / game theory formulation of the problems of ( 1 ) identifying restriction and interpolation operators ( 2 ) recovering a signal from incomplete m ←
→ cross - language information retrieval for technical documents ; this paper proposes a japanese / english cross - language information retrieval ( clir ) system targeting technical documents . our system first translates a given query containing technical terms into the target language , and then retrieves documents relevant to the translated query . the translation of technical terms is still problematic in that technical terms are often compound words , and thus new terms can be progressively created simply by combin ←
→ seeing with humans : gaze - assisted neural image captioning ; gaze reflects how humans process visual scenes and is therefore increasingly used in computer vision systems . previous works demonstrated the potential of gaze for object - centric tasks , such as object localization and recognition , but it remains unclear if gaze can also be beneficial for scene - centric tasks , such as image captioning . we present a new perspective on gaze - assisted image captioning by studying the interplay between human gaze and the ←
→ an overview on data representation learning : from traditional feature learning to recent deep learning ; since about 100 years ago , to learn the intrinsic structure of data , many representation learning approaches have been proposed , including both linear ones and nonlinear ones , supervised ones and unsupervised ones . particularly , deep architectures are widely applied for representation learning in recent years , and have delivered top results in many tasks , such as image classification , object detection ←
→ t - conv : a convolutional neural network for multi - scale taxi trajectory prediction ; precise destination prediction of taxi trajectories can benefit many intelligent location based services such as accurate ad for passengers . traditional prediction approaches , which treat trajectories as one - dimensional sequences and process them in single scale , fail to capture the diverse two - dimensional patterns of trajectories in different spatial scales . in this paper , we propose t - conv which models trajectories as tw ←
→ adversarial multi - task learning for text classification ; neural network models have shown their promising opportunities for multi - task learning , which focus on learning the shared layers to extract the common and task - invariant features . however , in most existing approaches , the extracted shared features are prone to be contaminated by task - specific features or the noise brought by other tasks . in this paper , we propose an adversarial multi - task learning framework , alleviating the shared and private latent ←
→ deep belief network training improvement using elite samples minimizing free energy ; nowadays this is very popular to use deep architectures in machine learning . deep belief networks ( dbns ) are deep architectures that use stack of restricted boltzmann machines ( rbm ) to create a powerful generative model using training data . in this paper we present an improvement in a common method that is usually used in training of rbms . the new method uses free energy as a criterion to obtain elite samples from genera ←
→ critères de qualité d ' un classifieur généraliste ; this paper considers the problem of choosing a good classifier . for each problem there exist an optimal classifier , but none are optimal , regarding the error rate , in all cases . because there exists a large number of classifiers , a user would rather prefer an all - purpose classifier that is easy to adjust , in the hope that it will do almost as good as the optimal . in this paper we establish a list of criteria that a good generalist classifier should satisfy ←
→ random forest for label ranking ; label ranking aims to learn a mapping from instances to rankings over a finite number of predefined labels . random forest is a powerful and one of the most successfully general - purpose machine learning algorithms of modern times . in the literature , there seems no research has yet been done in applying random forest to label ranking . in this paper , we present a powerful random forest label ranking method which uses random decision trees to retrieve nearest neighbors that are ←
→ adversarial vulnerability of neural networks increases with input dimension ; over the past four years , neural networks have proven vulnerable to adversarial images : targeted but imperceptible image perturbations lead to drastically different predictions . we show that adversarial vulnerability increases with the gradients of the training objective when seen as a function of the inputs . for most current network architectures , we prove that the $\ ell_1 $- norm of these gradients grows as the square root of th ←
→ rough sets computations to impute missing data ; many techniques for handling missing data have been proposed in the literature . most of these techniques are overly complex . this paper explores an imputation technique based on rough set computations . in this paper , characteristic relations are introduced to describe incompletely specified decision tables . it is shown that the basic rough set idea of lower and upper approximations for incompletely specified decision tables may be defined in a variety of diffe ←
→ client - server multi - task learning from distributed datasets ; a client - server architecture to simultaneously solve multiple learning tasks from distributed datasets is described . in such architecture , each client is associated with an individual learning task and the associated dataset of examples . the goal of the architecture is to perform information fusion from multiple datasets while preserving privacy of individual data . the role of the server is to collect data in real - time from the clients and codify ←
→ sparsity - driven weighted ensemble classifier ; in this letter , a novel weighted ensemble classifier is proposed that improves classification accuracy and minimizes the number of classifiers . ensemble weight finding problem is modeled as a cost function with following terms : ( a ) a data fidelity term aiming to decrease misclassification rate , ( b ) a sparsity term aiming to decrease the number of classifiers , and ( c ) a non - negativity constraint on the weights of the classifiers . the proposed cost function is a ←
→ end - to - end flow correlation tracking with spatial - temporal attention ; discriminative correlation filters ( dcf ) with deep convolutional features have achieved favorable performance in recent tracking benchmarks . however , most of existing dcf trackers only consider appearance features of current frame , and hardly benefit from motion and inter - frame information . the lack of temporal information degrades the tracking performance during challenges such as partial occlusion and deformation . in this work , we focu ←
→ a learning framework for self - tuning histograms ; in this paper , we consider the problem of estimating self - tuning histograms using query workloads . to this end , we propose a general learning theoretic formulation . specifically , we use query feedback from a workload as training data to estimate a histogram with a small memory footprint that minimizes the expected error on future queries . our formulation provides a framework in which different approaches can be studied and developed . we first study the simpl ←
→ context aware end - to - end connectivity management ; in a dynamic heterogeneous environment , such as pervasive and ubiquitous computing , context - aware adaptation is a key concept to meet the varying requirements of different users . connectivity is an important context source that can be utilized for optimal management of diverse networking resources . application qos ( quality of service ) is another important issue that should be taken into consideration for design of a context - aware system . this paper presents ←
→ sparse inverse covariance selection via alternating linearization methods ; gaussian graphical models are of great interest in statistical learning . because the conditional independencies between different nodes correspond to zero entries in the inverse covariance matrix of the gaussian distribution , one can learn the structure of the graph by estimating a sparse inverse covariance matrix from sample data , by solving a convex maximum likelihood problem with an $\ ell_1 $- regularization term . in this paper , ←
→ faster retrieval with a two - pass dynamic - time - warping lower bound ; the dynamic time warping ( dtw ) is a popular similarity measure between time series . the dtw fails to satisfy the triangle inequality and its computation requires quadratic time . hence , to find closest neighbors quickly , we use bounding techniques . we can avoid most dtw computations with an inexpensive lower bound ( lb keogh ). we compare lb keogh with a tighter lower bound ( lb improved ). we find that lb improved - based search is faster . as an ←
→ group component analysis for multiblock data : common and individual feature extraction ; very often data we encounter in practice is a collection of matrices rather than a single matrix . these multi - block data are naturally linked and hence often share some common features and at the same time they have their own individual features , due to the background in which they are measured and collected . in this study we proposed a new scheme of common and individual feature analysis ( cifa ) that processes multi - b ←
→ quantifier elimination for statistical problems ; recent improvement on tarski ' s procedure for quantifier elimination in the first order theory of real numbers makes it feasible to solve small instances of the following problems completely automatically : 1 . listing all equality and inequality constraints implied by a graphical model with hidden variables . 2 . comparing graphyical models with hidden variables ( i . e ., model equivalence , inclusion , and overlap ). 3 . answering questions about the identification of ←
→ weather impacts expressed sentiment ; we conduct the largest ever investigation into the relationship between meteorological conditions and the sentiment of human expressions . to do this , we employ over three and a half billion social media posts from tens of millions of individuals from both facebook and twitter between 2009 and 2016 . we find that cold temperatures , hot temperatures , precipitation , narrower daily temperature ranges , humidity , and cloud cover are all associated with worsened expressions of ←
→ exploiting web images for dataset construction : a domain robust approach ; labelled image datasets have played a critical role in high - level image understanding . however , the process of manual labelling is both time - consuming and labor intensive . to reduce the cost of manual labelling , there has been increased research interest in automatically constructing image datasets by exploiting web images . datasets constructed by existing methods tend to have a weak domain adaptation ability , which is known as the "←
→ augmented reality implementation methods in mainstream applications ; augmented reality has became an useful tool in many areas from space exploration to military applications . although used theoretical principles are well known for almost a decade , the augmented reality is almost exclusively used in high budget solutions with a special hardware . however , in last few years we could see rising popularity of many projects focused on deployment of the augmented reality on different mobile devices . our article ←
→ inducing a semantically annotated lexicon via em - based clustering ; we present a technique for automatic induction of slot annotations for subcategorization frames , based on induction of hidden classes in the em framework of statistical estimation . the models are empirically evalutated by a general decision test . induction of slot labeling for subcategorization frames is accomplished by a further application of em , and applied experimentally on frame observations derived from parsing large corpora . we outli ←
→ visual exploration of simulated and measured blood flow ; morphology of cardiovascular tissue is influenced by the unsteady behavior of the blood flow and vice versa . therefore , the pathogenesis of several cardiovascular diseases is directly affected by the blood - flow dynamics . understanding flow behavior is of vital importance to understand the cardiovascular system and potentially harbors a considerable value for both diagnosis and risk assessment . the analysis of hemodynamic characteristics involves qual ←
→ can uncertainty management be realized in a finite totally ordered probability algebra ? ; in this paper , the feasibility of using finite totally ordered probability models under alelinnas ' s theory of probabilistic logic [ aleliunas , 1988 ] is investigated . the general form of the probability algebra of these models is derived and the number of possible algebras with given size is deduced . based on this analysis , we discuss problems of denominator - indifference and ambiguity - generation that arise in reasoning ←
→ enhanced neural machine translation by learning from draft ; neural machine translation ( nmt ) has recently achieved impressive results . a potential problem of the existing nmt algorithm , however , is that the decoding is conducted from left to right , without considering the right context . this paper proposes an two - stage approach to solve the problem . in the first stage , a conventional attention - based nmt system is used to produce a draft translation , and in the second stage , a novel double - attention nmt sys ←
→ another perspective on default reasoning ; the lexicographic closure of any given finite set d of normal defaults is defined . a conditional assertion " if a then b " is in this lexicographic closure if , given the defaults d and the fact a , one would conclude b . the lexicographic closure is essentially a rational extension of d , and of its rational closure , defined in a previous paper . it provides a logic of normal defaults that is different from the one proposed by r . reiter and that is rich enough not to req ←
→ large - scale image analysis using docker sandboxing ; with the advent of specialized hardware such as graphics processing units ( gpus ), large scale image localization , classification and retrieval have seen increased prevalence . designing scalable software architecture that co - evolves with such specialized hardware is a challenge in the commercial setting . in this paper , we describe one such architecture (\ textit { cortexica }) that leverages scalability of gpus and sandboxing offered by docker containers . this ←
→ model based learning for accelerated , limited - view 3d photoacoustic tomography ; recent advances in deep learning for tomographic reconstructions have shown great potential to create accurate and high quality images with a considerable speed - up . in this work we present a deep neural network that is specifically designed to provide high resolution 3d images from restricted photoacoustic measurements . the network is designed to represent an iterative scheme and incorporates gradient information of the data ←
→ natural language understanding based on semantic relations between sentences ; in this paper , we define event expression over sentences of natural language and semantic relations between events . based on this definition , we formally consider text understanding process having events as basic unit .←
→ exploiting unlabeled data to enhance ensemble diversity ; ensemble learning aims to improve generalization ability by using multiple base learners . it is well - known that to construct a good ensemble , the base learners should be accurate as well as diverse . in this paper , unlabeled data is exploited to facilitate ensemble learning by helping augment the diversity among the base learners . specifically , a semi - supervised ensemble method named udeed is proposed . unlike existing semi - supervised ensemble methods ←
→ deep ctr prediction in display advertising ; click through rate ( ctr ) prediction of image ads is the core task of online display advertising systems , and logistic regression ( lr ) has been frequently applied as the prediction model . however , lr model lacks the ability of extracting complex and intrinsic nonlinear features from handcrafted high - dimensional image features , which limits its effectiveness . to solve this issue , in this paper , we introduce a novel deep neural network ( dnn ) based model that directl ←
→ local monotonic attention mechanism for end - to - end speech and language processing ; recently , encoder - decoder neural networks have shown impressive performance on many sequence - related tasks . the architecture commonly uses an attentional mechanism which allows the model to learn alignments between the source and the target sequence . most attentional mechanisms used today is based on a global attention property which requires a computation of a weighted summarization of the whole input sequence generated b ←
→ feature representation for icu mortality ; good predictors of icu mortality have the potential to identify high - risk patients earlier , improve icu resource allocation , or create more accurate population - level risk models . machine learning practitioners typically make choices about how to represent features in a particular model , but these choices are seldom evaluated quantitatively . this study compares the performance of different representations of clinical event data from mimic ii in a logistic regression ←
→ pedestrian detection with unsupervised multi - stage feature learning ; pedestrian detection is a problem of considerable practical interest . adding to the list of successful applications of deep learning methods to vision , we report state - of - the - art and competitive results on all major pedestrian datasets with a convolutional network model . the model uses a few new twists , such as multi - stage features , connections that skip layers to integrate global shape information with local distinctive motif information ←
→ dctm : discrete - continuous transformation matching for semantic flow ; techniques for dense semantic correspondence have provided limited ability to deal with the geometric variations that commonly exist between semantically similar images . while variations due to scale and rotation have been examined , there lack practical solutions for more complex deformations such as affine transformations because of the tremendous size of the associated solution space . to address this problem , we present a discrete - conti ←
→ curvature - based comparison of two neural networks ; in this paper we show the similarities and differences of two deep neural networks by comparing the manifolds composed of activation vectors in each fully connected layer of them . the main contribution of this paper includes 1 ) a new data generating algorithm which is crucial for determining the dimension of manifolds ; 2 ) a systematic strategy to compare manifolds . especially , we take riemann curvature and sectional curvature as part of criterion , which ca ←
→ feature weight tuning for recursive neural networks ; this paper addresses how a recursive neural network model can automatically leave out useless information and emphasize important evidence , in other words , to perform " weight tuning " for higher - level representation acquisition . we propose two models , weighted neural network ( wnn ) and binary - expectation neural network ( benn ), which automatically control how much one specific unit contributes to the higher - level representation . the proposed model can be vi ←
→ combining thesaurus knowledge and probabilistic topic models ; in this paper we present the approach of introducing thesaurus knowledge into probabilistic topic models . the main idea of the approach is based on the assumption that the frequencies of semantically related words and phrases , which are met in the same texts , should be enhanced : this action leads to their larger contribution into topics found in these texts . we have conducted experiments with several thesauri and found that for improving topic m ←
→ embodied question answering ; we present a new ai task -- embodied question answering ( embodiedqa ) -- where an agent is spawned at a random location in a 3d environment and asked a question (" what color is the car ?"). in order to answer , the agent must first intelligently navigate to explore the environment , gather information through first - person ( egocentric ) vision , and then answer the question (" orange "). this challenging task requires a range of ai skills -- active perception , language understanding , ←
→ on the convergence of stochastic variational inference in bayesian networks ; we highlight a pitfall when applying stochastic variational inference to general bayesian networks . for global random variables approximated by an exponential family distribution , natural gradient steps , commonly starting from a unit length step size , are averaged to convergence . this useful insight into the scaling of initial step sizes is lost when the approximation factorizes across a general bayesian network , and care must b ←
→ improved regularity model - based eda for many - objective optimization ; the performance of multi - objective evolutionary algorithms deteriorates appreciably in solving many - objective optimization problems which encompass more than three objectives . one of the known rationales is the loss of selection pressure which leads to the selected parents not generating promising offspring towards pareto - optimal front with diversity . estimation of distribution algorithms sample new solutions with a probabilistic model bu ←
→ forecasting volatility in indian stock market using artificial neural network with multiple inputs and outputs ; volatility in stock markets has been extensively studied in the applied finance literature . in this paper , artificial neural network models based on various back propagation algorithms have been constructed to predict volatility in the indian stock market through volatility of nifty returns and volatility of gold returns . this model considers india vix , cboe vix , volatility of crude oil returns ←
→ age group and gender estimation in the wild with deep ror architecture ; automatically predicting age group and gender from face images acquired in unconstrained conditions is an important and challenging task in many real - world applications . nevertheless , the conventional methods with manually - designed features on in - the - wild benchmarks are unsatisfactory because of incompetency to tackle large variations in unconstrained images . this difficulty is alleviated to some degree through convolutional neural net ←
→ on the capacity of face representation ; face recognition is a widely used technology with numerous large - scale applications , such as surveillance , social media and law enforcement . there has been tremendous progress in face recognition accuracy over the past few decades , much of which can be attributed to deep learning - based approaches during the last five years . indeed , automated face recognition systems are now believed to surpass human performance in some scenarios . despite this progress , a crucial ques ←
→ convergent deduction for probabilistic logic ; this paper discusses the semantics and proof theory of nilsson ' s probabilistic logic , outlining both the benefits of its well - defined model theory and the drawbacks of its proof theory . within nilsson ' s semantic framework , we derive a set of inference rules which are provably sound . the resulting proof system , in contrast to nilsson ' s approach , has the important feature of convergence - that is , the inference process proceeds by computing increasingly narrow pr ←
→ learning with cross - kernels and ideal pca ; we describe how cross - kernel matrices , that is , kernel matrices between the data and a custom chosen set of ` feature spanning points ' can be used for learning . the main potential of cross - kernels lies in the fact that ( a ) only one side of the matrix scales with the number of data points , and ( b ) cross - kernels , as opposed to the usual kernel matrices , can be used to certify for the data manifold . our theoretical framework , which is based on a duality involving the ←
→ invariant gaussian process latent variable models and application in causal discovery ; in nonlinear latent variable models or dynamic models , if we consider the latent variables as confounders ( common causes ), the noise dependencies imply further relations between the observed variables . such models are then closely related to causal discovery in the presence of nonlinear confounders , which is a challenging problem . however , generally in such models the observation noise is assumed to be independent acro ←
→ multi - view regularized gaussian processes ; gaussian processes ( gps ) have been proven to be powerful tools in various areas of machine learning . however , there are very few applications of gps in the scenario of multi - view learning . in this paper , we present a new gp model for multi - view learning . unlike existing methods , it combines multiple views by regularizing marginal likelihood with the consistency among the posterior distributions of latent functions from different views . moreover , we give a general ←
→ on the maximum entropy property of the first - order stable spline kernel and its implications ; a new nonparametric approach for system identification has been recently proposed where the impulse response is seen as the realization of a zero -- mean gaussian process whose covariance , the so -- called stable spline kernel , guarantees that the impulse response is almost surely stable . maximum entropy properties of the stable spline kernel have been pointed out in the literature . in this paper we provide an indep ←
→ a novel image segmentation enhancement technique based on active contour and topological alignments ; topological alignments and snakes are used in image processing , particularly in locating object boundaries . both of them have their own advantages and limitations . to improve the overall image boundary detection system , we focused on developing a novel algorithm for image processing . the algorithm we propose to develop will based on the active contour method in conjunction with topological alignments meth ←
→ hybrid focal stereo networks for pattern analysis in homogeneous scenes ; in this paper we address the problem of multiple camera calibration in the presence of a homogeneous scene , and without the possibility of employing calibration object based methods . the proposed solution exploits salient features present in a larger field of view , but instead of employing active vision we replace the cameras with stereo rigs featuring a long focal analysis camera , as well as a short focal registration camera . thus , w ←
→ lost in space : geolocation in event data ; extracting the " correct " location information from text data , i . e ., determining the place of event , has long been a goal for automated text processing . to approximate human - like coding schema , we introduce a supervised machine learning algorithm that classifies each location word to be either correct or incorrect . we use news articles collected from around the world ( integrated crisis early warning system [ icews ] data and open event data alliance [ oeda ] data ) to te ←
→ deep architectures for face attributes ; we train a deep convolutional neural network to perform identity classification using a new dataset of public figures annotated with age , gender , ethnicity and emotion labels , and then fine - tune it for attribute classification . an optimal sharing pattern of computational resources within this network is determined by experiment , requiring only 1 g flops to produce all predictions . rather than fine - tune by relearning weights in one additional layer after the penultima ←
→ tracking the trackers : an analysis of the state of the art in multiple object tracking ; standardized benchmarks are crucial for the majority of computer vision applications . although leaderboards and ranking tables should not be over - claimed , benchmarks often provide the most objective measure of performance and are therefore important guides for research . we present a benchmark for multiple object tracking launched in the late 2014 , with the goal of creating a framework for the standardized evaluation o ←
→ probabilistic similarity logic ; many machine learning applications require the ability to learn from and reason about noisy multi - relational data . to address this , several effective representations have been developed that provide both a language for expressing the structural regularities of a domain , and principled support for probabilistic inference . in addition to these two aspects , however , many applications also involve a third aspect - the need to reason about similarities - which has not been directly s ←
→ modeling the dynamics of domain specific terminology in diachronic corpora ; in terminology work , natural language processing , and digital humanities , several studies address the analysis of variations in context and meaning of terms in order to detect semantic change and the evolution of terms . we distinguish three different approaches to describe contextual variations : methods based on the analysis of patterns and linguistic clues , methods exploring the latent semantic space of single words , and methods ←
→ code minimization for fringe projection based 3d stereo sensors by calibration improvement ; code minimization provides a speed - up of the processing time of fringe projection based stereo sensors and possibly makes them real - time applicable . this paper reports a methodology which enables such sensors to completely omit gray code or other additional code . only a sequence of sinusoidal images is necessary . the code reduction is achieved by involvement of the projection unit into the measurement , double tria ←
→ a clever elimination strategy for efficient minimal solvers ; we present a new insight into the systematic generation of minimal solvers in computer vision , which leads to smaller and faster solvers . many minimal problem formulations are coupled sets of linear and polynomial equations where image measurements enter the linear equations only . we show that it is useful to solve such systems by first eliminating all the unknowns that do not appear in the linear equations and then extending solutions to the res ←
→ neural network capacity for multilevel inputs ; this paper examines the memory capacity of generalized neural networks . hopfield networks trained with a variety of learning techniques are investigated for their capacity both for binary and non - binary alphabets . it is shown that the capacity can be much increased when multilevel inputs are used . new learning strategies are proposed to increase hopfield network capacity , and the scalability of these methods is also examined in respect to size of the network . ←
→ kernel embedding approaches to orbit determination of spacecraft clusters ; this paper presents a novel formulation and solution of orbit determination over finite time horizons as a learning problem . we present an approach to orbit determination under very broad conditions that are satisfied for n - body problems . these weak conditions allow us to perform orbit determination with noisy and highly non - linear observations such as those presented by range - rate only ( doppler only ) observations . we show that do ←
→ how to minimize the energy consumption in mobile ad - hoc networks ; in this work we are interested in the problem of energy management in mobile ad - hoc network ( manet ). the solving and optimization of manet allow assisting the users to efficiently use their devices in order to minimize the batteries power consumption . in this framework , we propose a modelling of the manet in form of a constraint optimization problem called comanet . then , in the objective to minimize the consumption of batteries power , we pre ←
→ on the complexity of robust stable marriage ; robust stable marriage ( rsm ) is a variant of the classical stable marriage problem , where the robustness of a given stable matching is measured by the number of modifications required for repairing it in case an unforeseen event occurs . we focus on the complexity of finding an ( a , b )- supermatch . an ( a , b )- supermatch is defined as a stable matching in which if any ' a ' ( non - fixed ) men / women break up it is possible to find another stable matching by changing the part ←
→ convergent expectation propagation in linear models with spike - and - slab priors ; exact inference in the linear regression model with spike and slab priors is often intractable . expectation propagation ( ep ) can be used for approximate inference . however , the regular sequential form of ep ( r - ep ) may fail to converge in this model when the size of the training set is very small . as an alternative , we propose a provably convergent ep algorithm ( pc - ep ). pc - ep is proved to minimize an energy function which , und ←
→ information preserving component analysis : data projections for flow cytometry analysis ; flow cytometry is often used to characterize the malignant cells in leukemia and lymphoma patients , traced to the level of the individual cell . typically , flow cytometric data analysis is performed through a series of 2 - dimensional projections onto the axes of the data set . through the years , clinicians have determined combinations of different fluorescent markers which generate relatively known expression patterns f ←
→ detection of pose orientation across single and multiple axes in case of 3d face images ; in this paper , we propose a new approach that takes as input a 3d face image across x , y and z axes as well as both y and x axes and gives output as its pose i . e . it tells whether the face is oriented with respect the x , y or z axes or is it oriented across multiple axes with angles of rotation up to 42 degree . all the experiments have been performed on the frav3d , gavadb and bosphorus database which has two figures ←
→ directional decision lists ; in this paper we introduce a novel family of decision lists consisting of highly interpretable models which can be learned efficiently in a greedy manner . the defining property is that all rules are oriented in the same direction . particular examples of this family are decision lists with monotonically decreasing ( or increasing ) probabilities . on simulated data we empirically confirm that the proposed model family is easier to train than general decision lists . we exemplify the ←
→ domain - adversarial neural networks to address the appearance variability of histopathology images ; preparing and scanning histopathology slides consists of several steps , each with a multitude of parameters . the parameters can vary between pathology labs and within the same lab over time , resulting in significant variability of the tissue appearance that hampers the generalization of automatic image analysis methods . typically , this is addressed with ad - hoc approaches such as staining normalization that ←
→ premise selection for theorem proving by deep graph embedding ; we propose a deep learning - based approach to the problem of premise selection : selecting mathematical statements relevant for proving a given conjecture . we represent a higher - order logic formula as a graph that is invariant to variable renaming but still fully preserves syntactic and semantic information . we then embed the graph into a vector via a novel embedding method that preserves the information of edge ordering . our approach achieves st ←
→ algorithms for semantic segmentation of multispectral remote sensing imagery using deep learning ; deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) have been used to achieve state - of - the - art performance on many computer vision tasks ( e . g ., object recognition , object detection , semantic segmentation ) thanks to a large repository of annotated image data . large labeled datasets for other sensor modalities , e . g ., multispectral imagery ( msi ), are not available due to the large cost and manpower required . in this pap ←
→ a genetic algorithm approach for solving a flexible job shop scheduling problem ; flexible job shop scheduling has been noticed as an effective manufacturing system to cope with rapid development in today ' s competitive environment . flexible job shop scheduling problem ( fjssp ) is known as a np - hard problem in the field of optimization . considering the dynamic state of the real world makes this problem more and more complicated . most studies in the field of fjssp have only focused on minimizing the total ma ←
→ a decidable class of nested iterated schemata ( extended version ) ; many problems can be specified by patterns of propositional formulae depending on a parameter , e . g . the specification of a circuit usually depends on the number of bits of its input . we define a logic whose formulae , called " iterated schemata ", allow to express such patterns . schemata extend propositional logic with indexed propositions , e . g . p_i , p_i + 1 , p_1 , and with generalized connectives , e . g . /\ i = 1 .. n or i = 1 .. n ( called " iterations ") whe ←
→ enrichment of qualitative beliefs for reasoning under uncertainty ; this paper deals with enriched qualitative belief functions for reasoning under uncertainty and for combining information expressed in natural language through linguistic labels . in this work , two possible enrichments ( quantitative and / or qualitative ) of linguistic labels are considered and operators ( addition , multiplication , division , etc ) for dealing with them are proposed and explained . we denote them $ qe $- operators , $ qe $ standing for "←
→ registering large volume serial - section electron microscopy image sets for neural circuit reconstruction using fft signal whitening ; the detailed reconstruction of neural anatomy for connectomics studies requires a combination of resolution and large three - dimensional data capture provided by serial section electron microscopy ( ssem ). the convergence of high throughput ssem imaging and improved tissue preparation methods now allows ssem capture of complete specimen volumes up to cubic millimeter scale . t ←
→ recursive nonlinear - system identification using latent variables ; in this paper we develop a method for learning nonlinear systems with multiple outputs and inputs . we begin by modelling the errors of a nominal predictor of the system using a latent variable framework . then using the maximum likelihood principle we derive a criterion for learning the model . the resulting optimization problem is tackled using a majorization - minimization approach . finally , we develop a convex majorization technique and show ←
→ conformalized density - and distance - based anomaly detection in time - series data ; anomalies ( unusual patterns ) in time - series data give essential , and often actionable information in critical situations . examples can be found in such fields as healthcare , intrusion detection , finance , security and flight safety . in this paper we propose new conformalized density - and distance - based anomaly detection algorithms for a one - dimensional time - series data . the algorithms use a combination of a feature extraction ←
→ learning discriminative features using encoder - decoder type deep neural nets ; as machine learning is applied to an increasing variety of complex problems , which are defined by high dimensional and complex data sets , the necessity for task oriented feature learning grows in importance . with the advancement of deep learning algorithms , various successful feature learning techniques have evolved . in this paper , we present a novel way of learning discriminative features by training deep neural nets which hav ←
→ a methodology for customizing clinical tests for esophageal cancer based on patient preferences ; tests for esophageal cancer can be expensive , uncomfortable and can have side effects . for many patients , we can predict non - existence of disease with 100 % certainty , just using demographics , lifestyle , and medical history information . our objective is to devise a general methodology for customizing tests using user preferences so that expensive or uncomfortable tests can be avoided . we propose to use classif ←
→ neural document embeddings for intensive care patient mortality prediction ; we present an automatic mortality prediction scheme based on the unstructured textual content of clinical notes . proposing a convolutional document embedding approach , our empirical investigation using the mimic - iii intensive care database shows significant performance gains compared to previously employed methods such as latent topic distributions or generic doc2vec embeddings . these improvements are especially pronounced for th ←
→ vertebral body segmentation with growcut : initial experience , workflow and practical application ; in this contribution , we used the growcut segmentation algorithm publicly available in three - dimensional slicer for three - dimensional segmentation of vertebral bodies . to the best of our knowledge , this is the first time that the growcut method has been studied for the usage of vertebral body segmentation . in brief , we found that the growcut segmentation times were consistently less than the manual segmentat ←
→ fusion of daubechies wavelet coefficients for human face recognition ; in this paper fusion of visual and thermal images in wavelet transformed domain has been presented . here , daubechies wavelet transform , called as d2 , coefficients from visual and corresponding coefficients computed in the same manner from thermal images are combined to get fused coefficients . after decomposition up to fifth level ( level 5 ) fusion of coefficients is done . inverse daubechies wavelet transform of those coefficients gives us ←
→ fighting with the sparsity of synonymy dictionaries ; graph - based synset induction methods , such as maxmax and watset , induce synsets by performing a global clustering of a synonymy graph . however , such methods are sensitive to the structure of the input synonymy graph : sparseness of the input dictionary can substantially reduce the quality of the extracted synsets . in this paper , we propose two different approaches designed to alleviate the incompleteness of the input dictionaries . the first one performs a ←
→ efficient metric learning for the analysis of motion data ; we investigate metric learning in the context of dynamic time warping ( dtw ), the by far most popular dissimilarity measure used for the comparison and analysis of motion capture data . while metric learning enables a problem - adapted representation of data , the majority of meth - ods has been proposed for vectorial data only . in this contribution , we extend the popular principle offered by the large margin nearest neighbours learner ( lmnn ) to dtw by t ←
→ avoiding discrimination through causal reasoning ; recent work on fairness in machine learning has focused on various statistical discrimination criteria and how they trade off . most of these criteria are observational : they depend only on the joint distribution of predictor , protected attribute , features , and outcome . while convenient to work with , observational criteria have severe inherent limitations that prevent them from resolving matters of fairness conclusively . going beyond observational criteria ←
→ real - time interactive sequence generation and control with recurrent neural network ensembles ; recurrent neural networks ( rnn ), particularly long short term memory ( lstm ) rnns , are a popular and very successful method for learning and generating sequences . however , current generative rnn techniques do not allow real - time interactive control of the sequence generation process , thus aren ' t well suited for live creative expression . we propose a method of real - time continuous control and ' steering ' of sequen ←
→ mirrored light field video camera adapter ; this paper proposes the design of a custom mirror - based light field camera adapter that is cheap , simple in construction , and accessible . mirrors of different shape and orientation reflect the scene into an upwards - facing camera to create an array of virtual cameras with overlapping field of view at specified depths , and deliver video frame rate light fields . we describe the design , construction , decoding and calibration processes of our mirror - based light field c ←
→ many - to - many graph matching : a continuous relaxation approach ; graphs provide an efficient tool for object representation in various computer vision applications . once graph - based representations are constructed , an important question is how to compare graphs . this problem is often formulated as a graph matching problem where one seeks a mapping between vertices of two graphs which optimally aligns their structure . in the classical formulation of graph matching , only one - to - one correspondences between vert ←
→ top - down particle filtering for bayesian decision trees ; decision tree learning is a popular approach for classification and regression in machine learning and statistics , and bayesian formulations --- which introduce a prior distribution over decision trees , and formulate learning as posterior inference given data --- have been shown to produce competitive performance . unlike classic decision tree learning algorithms like id3 , c4 . 5 and cart , which work in a top - down manner , existing bayesian algorithms produc ←
→ mixed - level knowledge representation and variable - depth inference in natural language processing ; a system is described that uses a mixed - level knowledge representation based on standard horn clause logic to represent ( part of ) the meaning of natural language documents . a variable - depth search strategy is outlined that distinguishes between the different levels of abstraction in the knowledge representation to locate specific passages in the documents . a detailed description of the linguistic aspects of ←
→ feedforward initialization for fast inference of deep generative networks is biologically plausible ; we consider deep multi - layered generative models such as boltzmann machines or hopfield nets in which computation ( which implements inference ) is both recurrent and stochastic , but where the recurrence is not to model sequential structure , only to perform computation . we find conditions under which a simple feedforward computation is a very good initialization for inference , after the input units are clam ←
→ the power of sparsity in convolutional neural networks ; deep convolutional networks are well - known for their high computational and memory demands . given limited resources , how does one design a network that balances its size , training time , and prediction accuracy ? a surprisingly effective approach to trade accuracy for size and speed is to simply reduce the number of channels in each convolutional layer by a fixed fraction and retrain the network . in many cases this leads to significantly smaller network ←
→ bound your models ! how to make owl an asp modeling language ; to exploit the web ontology language owl as an answer set programming ( asp ) language , we introduce the notion of bounded model semantics , as an intuitive and computationally advantageous alternative to its classical semantics . we show that a translation into asp allows for solving a wide range of bounded - model reasoning tasks , including satisfiability and axiom entailment but also novel ones such as model extraction and enumeration . ultimately , o ←
→ symbolic decision theory and autonomous systems ; the ability to reason under uncertainty and with incomplete information is a fundamental requirement of decision support technology . in this paper we argue that the concentration on theoretical techniques for the evaluation and selection of decision options has distracted attention from many of the wider issues in decision making . although numerical methods of reasoning under uncertainty have strong theoretical foundations , they are representationally weak a ←
→ spectral clustering with unbalanced data ; spectral clustering ( sc ) and graph - based semi - supervised learning ( ssl ) algorithms are sensitive to how graphs are constructed from data . in particular if the data has proximal and unbalanced clusters these algorithms can lead to poor performance on well - known graphs such as $ k $- nn , full - rbf , $\ epsilon $- graphs . this is because the objectives such as ratio - cut ( rcut ) or normalized cut ( ncut ) attempt to tradeoff cut values with cluster sizes , which are not tailored t ←
→ valuation networks and conditional independence ; valuation networks have been proposed as graphical representations of valuation - based systems ( vbss ). the vbs framework is able to capture many uncertainty calculi including probability theory , dempster - shafer ' s belief - function theory , spohn ' s epistemic belief theory , and zadeh ' s possibility theory . in this paper , we show how valuation networks encode conditional independence relations . for the probabilistic case , the class of probability models encoded by v ←
→ convolutional sparse representations with gradient penalties ; while convolutional sparse representations enjoy a number of useful properties , they have received limited attention for image reconstruction problems . the present paper compares the performance of block - based and convolutional sparse representations in the removal of gaussian white noise . while the usual formulation of the convolutional sparse coding problem is slightly inferior to the block - based representations in this problem , the performanc ←
→ a bayesian clearing mechanism for combinatorial auctions ; we cast the problem of combinatorial auction design in a bayesian framework in order to incorporate prior information into the auction process and minimize the number of rounds to convergence . we first develop a generative model of agent valuations and market prices such that clearing prices become maximum a posteriori estimates given observed agent valuations . this generative model then forms the basis of an auction process which alternates between ←
→ learning multiagent communication with backpropagation ; many tasks in ai require the collaboration of multiple agents . typically , the communication protocol between agents is manually specified and not altered during training . in this paper we explore a simple neural model , called commnet , that uses continuous communication for fully cooperative tasks . the model consists of multiple agents and the communication between them is learned alongside their policy . we apply this model to a diverse set of tasks , d ←
→ large - margin knn classification using a deep encoder network ; knn is one of the most popular classification methods , but it often fails to work well with inappropriate choice of distance metric or due to the presence of numerous class - irrelevant features . linear feature transformation methods have been widely applied to extract class - relevant information to improve knn classification , which is very limited in many applications . kernels have been used to learn powerful non - linear feature transformations , bu ←
→ competing with markov prediction strategies ; assuming that the loss function is convex in the prediction , we construct a prediction strategy universal for the class of markov prediction strategies , not necessarily continuous . allowing randomization , we remove the requirement of convexity .←
→ depth super - resolution meets uncalibrated photometric stereo ; a novel depth super - resolution approach for rgb - d sensors is presented . it disambiguates depth super - resolution through high - resolution photometric clues and , symmetrically , it disambiguates uncalibrated photometric stereo through low - resolution depth cues . to this end , an rgb - d sequence is acquired from the same viewing angle , while illuminating the scene from various uncalibrated directions . this sequence is handled by a variational framework ←
→ natural language inference over interaction space : iclr 2018 reproducibility report ; we have tried to reproduce the results of the paper " natural language inference over interaction space " submitted to iclr 2018 conference as part of the iclr 2018 reproducibility challenge . initially , we were not aware that the code was available , so we started to implement the network from scratch . we have evaluated our version of the model on stanford nli dataset and reached 86 . 38 % accuracy on the test set , while the p ←
→ experience - driven networking : a deep reinforcement learning based approach ; modern communication networks have become very complicated and highly dynamic , which makes them hard to model , predict and control . in this paper , we develop a novel experience - driven approach that can learn to well control a communication network from its own experience rather than an accurate mathematical model , just as a human learns a new skill ( such as driving , swimming , etc ). specifically , we , for the first time , propose to ←
→ automatic system for counting cells with elliptical shape ; this paper presents a new method for automatic quantification of ellipse - like cells in images , an important and challenging problem that has been studied by the computer vision community . the proposed method can be described by two main steps . initially , image segmentation based on the k - means algorithm is performed to separate different types of cells from the background . then , a robust and efficient strategy is performed on the blob contour for t ←
→ neutro - connectedness cut ; interactive image segmentation is a challenging task and receives increasing attention recently ; however , two major drawbacks exist in interactive segmentation approaches . first , the segmentation performance of roi - based methods is sensitive to the initial roi : different rois may produce results with great difference . second , most seed - based methods need intense interactions , and are not applicable in many cases . in this work , we generalize the neutro - connectedness ( nc ) to be inde ←
→ general latent feature modeling for data exploration tasks ; this paper introduces a general bayesian non - parametric latent feature model suitable to per - form automatic exploratory analysis of heterogeneous datasets , where the attributes describing each object can be either discrete , continuous or mixed variables . the proposed model presents several important properties . first , it accounts for heterogeneous data while can be inferred in linear time with respect to the number of objects and attributes . sec ←
→ convolutional neural networks over control flow graphs for software defect prediction ; existing defects in software components is unavoidable and leads to not only a waste of time and money but also many serious consequences . to build predictive models , previous studies focus on manually extracting features or using tree representations of programs , and exploiting different machine learning algorithms . however , the performance of the models is not high since the existing features and tree structures ofte ←
→ interpretable active learning ; active learning has long been a topic of study in machine learning . however , as increasingly complex and opaque models have become standard practice , the process of active learning , too , has become more opaque . there has been little investigation into interpreting what specific trends and patterns an active learning strategy may be exploring . this work expands on the local interpretable model - agnostic explanations framework ( lime ) to provide explanations for active learning r ←
→ rhoananet pipeline : dense automatic neural annotation ; reconstructing a synaptic wiring diagram , or connectome , from electron microscopy ( em ) images of brain tissue currently requires many hours of manual annotation or proofreading ( kasthuri and lichtman , 2010 ; lichtman and sanes , 2008 ; seung , 2009 ). the desire to reconstruct ever larger and more complex networks has pushed the collection of ever larger em datasets . a cubic millimeter of raw imaging data would take up 1 pb of storage and present an annotat ←
→ a regression model with a hidden logistic process for feature extraction from time series ; a new approach for feature extraction from time series is proposed in this paper . this approach consists of a specific regression model incorporating a discrete hidden logistic process . the model parameters are estimated by the maximum likelihood method performed by a dedicated expectation maximization ( em ) algorithm . the parameters of the hidden logistic process , in the inner loop of the em algorithm , are estimate ←
→ on improving informativity and grammaticality for multi - sentence compression ; multi sentence compression ( msc ) is of great value to many real world applications , such as guided microblog summarization , opinion summarization and newswire summarization . recently , word graph - based approaches have been proposed and become popular in msc . their key assumption is that redundancy among a set of related sentences provides a reliable way to generate informative and grammatical sentences . in this paper , we propose ←
→ phrase localization and visual relationship detection with comprehensive image - language cues ; this paper presents a framework for localization or grounding of phrases in images using a large collection of linguistic and visual cues . we model the appearance , size , and position of entity bounding boxes , adjectives that contain attribute information , and spatial relationships between pairs of entities connected by verbs or prepositions . special attention is given to relationships between people and clothing ←
→ logic programming for an introductory computer science course for high school students ; this paper investigates how high school students approach computing through an introductory computer science course situated in the logic programming ( lp ) paradigm . this study shows how novice students operate within the lp paradigm while engaging in foundational computing concepts and skills , and presents a case for lp as a viable paradigm choice for introductory cs courses .←
→ toward scalable machine learning and data mining : the bioinformatics case ; in an effort to overcome the data deluge in computational biology and bioinformatics and to facilitate bioinformatics research in the era of big data , we identify some of the most influential algorithms that have been widely used in the bioinformatics community . these top data mining and machine learning algorithms cover classification , clustering , regression , graphical model - based learning , and dimensionality reduction . the goal ←
→ feature analysis and selection for training an end - to - end autonomous vehicle controller using the deep learning approach ; deep learning - based approaches have been widely used for training controllers for autonomous vehicles due to their powerful ability to approximate nonlinear functions or policies . however , the training process usually requires large labeled data sets and takes a lot of time . in this paper , we analyze the influences of features on the performance of controllers trained using the convol ←
→ all you need is beyond a good init : exploring better solution for training extremely deep convolutional neural networks with orthonormality and modulation ; deep neural network is difficult to train and this predicament becomes worse as the depth increases . the essence of this problem exists in the magnitude of backpropagated errors that will result in gradient vanishing or exploding phenomenon . we show that a variant of regularizer which utilizes orthonormality among different filter banks can alleviat ←
→ discriminative phoneme sequences extraction for non - native speaker ' s origin classification ; in this paper we present an automated method for the classification of the origin of non - native speakers . the origin of non - native speakers could be identified by a human listener based on the detection of typical pronunciations for each nationality . thus we suppose the existence of several phoneme sequences that might allow the classification of the origin of non - native speakers . our new method is based on the ex ←
→ a differential semantics of lazy ar propagation ; in this paper we present a differential semantics of lazy ar propagation ( larp ) in discrete bayesian networks . we describe how both single and multi dimensional partial derivatives of the evidence may easily be calculated from a junction tree in larp equilibrium . we show that the simplicity of the calculations stems from the nature of larp . based on the differential semantics we describe how variable propagation in the larp architecture may give access to ad ←
→ uncertainty management for fuzzy decision support systems ; a new approach for uncertainty management for fuzzy , rule based decision support systems is proposed : the domain expert ' s knowledge is expressed by a set of rules that frequently refer to vague and uncertain propositions . the certainty of propositions is represented using intervals [ a , b ] expressing that the proposition ' s probability is at least a and at most b . methods and techniques for computing the overall certainty of fuzzy compound propositio ←
→ independently interpretable lasso : a new regularizer for sparse regression with uncorrelated variables ; sparse regularization such as $\ ell_1 $ regularization is a quite powerful and widely used strategy for high dimensional learning problems . the effectiveness of sparse regularization has been supported practically and theoretically by several studies . however , one of the biggest issues in sparse regularization is that its performance is quite sensitive to correlations between features . ordinary $\ ell_1 $←
→ note on representing attribute reduction and concepts in concepts lattice using graphs ; mao h . ( 2017 , representing attribute reduction and concepts in concept lattice using graphs . soft computing 21 ( 24 ): 7293 -- 7311 ) claims to make contributions to the study of reduction of attributes in concept lattices by using graph theory . we show that her results are either trivial or already well - known and all three algorithms proposed in the paper are incorrect .←
→ a unified framework of elementary geometric transformation representation ; as an extension of projective homology , stereohomology is proposed via an extension of desargues theorem and the extended desargues configuration . geometric transformations such as reflection , translation , central symmetry , central projection , parallel projection , shearing , central dilation , scaling , and so on are all included in stereohomology and represented as householder - chen elementary matrices . hence all these geometric tran ←
→ max - margin feature selection ; many machine learning applications such as in vision , biology and social networking deal with data in high dimensions . feature selection is typically employed to select a subset of features which im - proves generalization accuracy as well as reduces the computational cost of learning the model . one of the criteria used for feature selection is to jointly minimize the redundancy and maximize the rele - vance of the selected features . in this paper , we formulate the task of featu ←
→ liftago on - demand transport dataset and market formation algorithm based on machine learning ; this document serves as a technical report for the analysis of on - demand transport dataset . moreover we show how the dataset can be used to develop a market formation algorithm based on machine learning . data used in this work comes from liftago , a prague based company which connects taxi drivers and customers through a smartphone app . the dataset is analysed from the machine - learning perspective : we give an ove ←
→ optimal resource allocation with semi - bandit feedback ; we study a sequential resource allocation problem involving a fixed number of recurring jobs . at each time - step the manager should distribute available resources among the jobs in order to maximise the expected number of completed jobs . allocating more resources to a given job increases the probability that it completes , but with a cut - off . specifically , we assume a linear model where the probability increases linearly until it equals one , after which ←
→ image companding and inverse halftoning using deep convolutional neural networks ; in this paper , we introduce deep learning technology to tackle two traditional low - level image processing problems , companding and inverse halftoning . we make two main contributions . first , to the best knowledge of the authors , this is the first work that has successfully developed deep learning based solutions to these two traditional low - level image processing problems . this not only introduces new methods to tackle well -←
→ a complete wordnet1 . 5 to wordnet1 . 6 mapping ; we describe a robust approach for linking already existing lexical / semantic hierarchies . we use a constraint satisfaction algorithm ( relaxation labelling ) to select -- among a set of candidates -- the node in a target taxonomy that bests matches each node in a source taxonomy . in this paper we present the complete mapping of the nominal , verbal , adjectival and adverbial parts of wordnet 1 . 5 onto wordnet 1 . 6 .←
→ disease prediction from electronic health records using generative adversarial networks ; electronic health records ( ehrs ) have contributed to the computerization of patient records so that they can be used not only for efficient and systematic medical services , but also for research on data science . in this paper , we compared the disease prediction performance of generative adversarial networks ( gans ) and conventional learning algorithms in combination with missing value prediction methods . as a result , ←
→ bayesian networks aplied to therapy monitoring ; we propose a general bayesian network model for application in a wide class of problems of therapy monitoring . we discuss the use of stochastic simulation as a computational approach to inference on the proposed class of models . as an illustration we present an application to the monitoring of cytotoxic chemotherapy in breast cancer .←
→ compensating for large in - plane rotations in natural images ; rotation invariance has been studied in the computer vision community primarily in the context of small in - plane rotations . this is usually achieved by building invariant image features . however , the problem of achieving invariance for large rotation angles remains largely unexplored . in this work , we tackle this problem by directly compensating for large rotations , as opposed to building invariant features . this is inspired by the neuro - scientif ←
→ predicting natural hazards with neuronal networks ; gravitational mass flows , such as avalanches , debris flows and rockfalls are common events in alpine regions with high impact on transport routes . within the last few decades , hazard zone maps have been developed to systematically approach this threat . these maps mark vulnerable zones in habitable areas to allow effective planning of hazard mitigation measures and development of settlements . hazard zone maps have shown to be an effective tool to reduce fat ←
→ a bayesian rule for adaptive control based on causal interventions ; explaining adaptive behavior is a central problem in artificial intelligence research . here we formalize adaptive agents as mixture distributions over sequences of inputs and outputs ( i / o ). each distribution of the mixture constitutes a ` possible world ', but the agent does not know which of the possible worlds it is actually facing . the problem is to adapt the i / o stream in a way that is compatible with the true world . a natural measure of ←
→ optimal bandwidth estimation for a fast manifold learning algorithm to detect circular structure in high - dimensional data ; we provide a way to infer about existence of topological circularity in high - dimensional data sets in $\ mathbb { r }^ d $ from its projection in $\ mathbb { r }^ 2 $ obtained through a fast manifold learning map as a function of the high - dimensional dataset $\ mathbb { x }$ and a particular choice of a positive real $\ sigma $ known as bandwidth parameter . at the same time we also provide a way to es ←
→ clac @ qats : quality assessment for text simplification ; this paper describes our approach to the 2016 qats quality assessment shared task . we trained three independent random forest classifiers in order to assess the quality of the simplified texts in terms of grammaticality , meaning preservation and simplicity . we used the language model of google - ngram as feature to predict the grammaticality . meaning preservation is predicted using two complementary approaches based on word embedding and wordnet synony ←
→ amazing geometry of genetic space or are genetic algorithms convergent ? ; there is no proof yet of convergence of genetic algorithms . we do not supply it too . instead , we present some thoughts and arguments to convince the reader , that genetic algorithms are essentially bound for success . for this purpose , we consider only the crossover operators , single - or multiple - point , together with selection procedure . we also give a proof that the soft selection is superior to other selection schemes .←
→ denosing using wavelets and projections onto the l1 - ball ; both wavelet denoising and denosing methods using the concept of sparsity are based on soft - thresholding . in sparsity based denoising methods , it is assumed that the original signal is sparse in some transform domains such as the wavelet domain and the wavelet subsignals of the noisy signal are projected onto l1 - balls to reduce noise . in this lecture note , it is shown that the size of the l1 - ball or equivalently the soft threshold value can be deter ←
→ comparing single and multiobjective evolutionary approaches to the inventory and transportation problem ; evita , standing for evolutionary inventory and transportation algorithm , is a two - level methodology designed to address the inventory and transportation problem ( itp ) in retail chains . the top level uses an evolutionary algorithm to obtain delivery patterns for each shop on a weekly basis so as to minimise the inventory costs , while the bottom level solves the vehicle routing problem ( vrp ) for every d ←
→ adadelta : an adaptive learning rate method ; we present a novel per - dimension learning rate method for gradient descent called adadelta . the method dynamically adapts over time using only first order information and has minimal computational overhead beyond vanilla stochastic gradient descent . the method requires no manual tuning of a learning rate and appears robust to noisy gradient information , different model architecture choices , various data modalities and selection of hyperparameters . we show promisi ←
→ time - sensitive bayesian information aggregation for crowdsourcing systems ; crowdsourcing systems commonly face the problem of aggregating multiple judgments provided by potentially unreliable workers . in addition , several aspects of the design of efficient crowdsourcing processes , such as defining worker ' s bonuses , fair prices and time limits of the tasks , involve knowledge of the likely duration of the task at hand . bringing this together , in this work we introduce a new time -- sensitive bayesian aggrega ←
→ enhancing observability in distribution grids using smart meter data ; due to limited metering infrastructure , distribution grids are currently challenged by observability issues . on the other hand , smart meter data , including local voltage magnitudes and power injections , are communicated to the utility operator from grid buses with renewable generation and demand - response programs . this work employs grid data from metered buses towards inferring the underlying grid state . to this end , a coupled formulatio ←
→ a mixture of views network with applications to the classification of breast microcalcifications ; in this paper we examine data fusion methods for multi - view data classification . we present a decision concept which explicitly takes into account the input multi - view structure , where for each case there is a different subset of relevant views . this data fusion concept , which we dub mixture of views , is implemented by a special purpose neural network architecture . it is demonstrated on the task of classifyi ←
→ rotational projection statistics for 3d local surface description and object recognition ; recognizing 3d objects in the presence of noise , varying mesh resolution , occlusion and clutter is a very challenging task . this paper presents a novel method named rotational projection statistics ( rops ). it has three major modules : local reference frame ( lrf ) definition , rops feature description and 3d object recognition . we propose a novel technique to define the lrf by calculating the scatter matrix of all point ←
→ two - view matching with view synthesis revisited ; wide - baseline matching focussing on problems with extreme viewpoint change is considered . we introduce the use of view synthesis with affine - covariant detectors to solve such problems and show that matching with the hessian - affine or mser detectors outperforms the state - of - the - art asift . to minimise the loss of speed caused by view synthesis , we propose the matching on demand with view synthesis algorithm ( mods ) that uses progressively more synthesized ima ←
→ clinical tempeval ; we describe the clinical tempeval task which is currently in preparation for the semeval - 2015 evaluation exercise . this task involves identifying and describing events , times and the relations between them in clinical text . six discrete subtasks are included , focusing on recognising mentions of times and events , describing those mentions for both entity types , identifying the relation between an event and the document creation time , and identifying narrative container relations .←
→ three dimensional tracking of gold nanoparticles using digital holographic microscopy ; in this paper we present a digital holographic microscope to track gold colloids in three dimensions . we report observations of 100nm gold particles in motion in water . the expected signal and the chosen method of reconstruction are described . we also discuss about how to implement the numerical calculation to reach real - time 3d tracking .←
→ on the robustness of temporal properties for stochastic models ; stochastic models such as continuous - time markov chains ( ctmc ) and stochastic hybrid automata ( sha ) are powerful formalisms to model and to reason about the dynamics of biological systems , due to their ability to capture the stochasticity inherent in biological processes . a classical question in formal modelling with clear relevance to biological modelling is the model checking problem . i . e . calculate the probability that a behaviour , expresse ←
→ biomarker clustering of colorectal cancer data to complement clinical classification ; in this paper , we describe a dataset relating to cellular and physical conditions of patients who are operated upon to remove colorectal tumours . this data provides a unique insight into immunological status at the point of tumour removal , tumour classification and post - operative survival . attempts are made to cluster this dataset and important subsets of it in an effort to characterize the data and validate existing st ←
→ modeling of human criminal behavior using probabilistic networks ; currently , criminals profile ( cp ) is obtained from investigators or forensic psychologists interpretation , linking crime scene characteristics and an offenders behavior to his or her characteristics and psychological profile . this paper seeks an efficient and systematic discovery of nonobvious and valuable patterns between variables from a large database of solved cases via a probabilistic network ( pn ) modeling approach . the pn structure can ←
→ 3d simulation for robot arm control with deep q - learning ; recent trends in robot arm control have seen a shift towards end - to - end solutions , using deep reinforcement learning to learn a controller directly from raw sensor data , rather than relying on a hand - crafted , modular pipeline . however , the high dimensionality of the state space often means that it is impractical to generate sufficient training data with real - world experiments . as an alternative solution , we propose to learn a robot controller in sim ←
→ reflection separation and deblurring of plenoptic images ; in this paper , we address the problem of reflection removal and deblurring from a single image captured by a plenoptic camera . we develop a two - stage approach to recover the scene depth and high resolution textures of the reflected and transmitted layers . for depth estimation in the presence of reflections , we train a classifier through convolutional neural networks . for recovering high resolution textures , we assume that the scene is composed of pl ←
→ a survey of available corpora for building data - driven dialogue systems ; during the past decade , several areas of speech and language understanding have witnessed substantial breakthroughs from the use of data - driven models . in the area of dialogue systems , the trend is less obvious , and most practical systems are still built through significant engineering and expert knowledge . nevertheless , several recent results suggest that data - driven approaches are feasible and quite promising . to facilitate research ←
→ zhusuan : a library for bayesian deep learning ; in this paper we introduce zhusuan , a python probabilistic programming library for bayesian deep learning , which conjoins the complimentary advantages of bayesian methods and deep learning . zhusuan is built upon tensorflow . unlike existing deep learning libraries , which are mainly designed for deterministic neural networks and supervised tasks , zhusuan is featured for its deep root into bayesian inference , thus supporting various kinds of probabilistic models ,←
→ point - wise convolutional neural network ; deep learning with 3d data such as reconstructed point clouds and cad models has received great research interests recently . however , the capability of using point clouds with convolutional neural network has been so far not fully explored . in this technical report , we present a convolutional neural network for semantic segmentation and object recognition with 3d point clouds . at the core of our network is point - wise convolution , a convolution operator that can be a ←
→ affordancenet : an end - to - end deep learning approach for object affordance detection ; we propose affordancenet , a new deep learning approach to simultaneously detect multiple objects and their affordances from rgb images . our affordancenet has two branches : an object detection branch to localize and classify the object , and an affordance detection branch to assign each pixel in the object to its most probable affordance label . the proposed framework employs three key components for effectively handling th ←
→ towards a learning - theoretic analysis of spike - timing dependent plasticity ; this paper suggests a learning - theoretic perspective on how synaptic plasticity benefits global brain functioning . we introduce a model , the selectron , that ( i ) arises as the fast time constant limit of leaky integrate - and - fire neurons equipped with spiking timing dependent plasticity ( stdp ) and ( ii ) is amenable to theoretical analysis . we show that the selectron encodes reward estimates into spikes and that an error bound on spi ←
→ information integration and computational logic ; information integration is a young and exciting field with enormous research and commercial significance in the new world of the information society . it stands at the crossroad of databases and artificial intelligence requiring novel techniques that bring together different methods from these fields . information from disparate heterogeneous sources often with no a - priori common schema needs to be synthesized in a flexible , transparent and intelligent way in ←
→ a stochastic process model of classical search ; among classical search algorithms with the same heuristic information , with sufficient memory a * is essentially as fast as possible in finding a proven optimal solution . however , in many situations optimal solutions are simply infeasible , and thus search algorithms that trade solution quality for speed are desirable . in this paper , we formalize the process of classical search as a metalevel decision problem , the abstract search mdp . for any given optimization ←
→ reinforcement learning based conversational search assistant ; in this work , we develop an end - to - end reinforcement learning based architecture for a conversational search agent to assist users in searching on an e - commerce marketplace for digital assets . our approach caters to a search task fundamentally different from the ones which have limited search modalities where the user can express his preferences objectively . the system interacts with the users to display search results to the queries , and gauges ←
→ error bounds for piecewise smooth and switching regression ; the paper deals with regression problems , in which the nonsmooth target is assumed to switch between different operating modes . specifically , piecewise smooth ( pws ) regression considers target functions switching deterministically via a partition of the input space , while switching regression considers arbitrary switching laws . the paper derives generalization error bounds in these two settings by following the approach based on rademacher complex ←
→ machine learning for survival analysis : a survey ; accurately predicting the time of occurrence of an event of interest is a critical problem in longitudinal data analysis . one of the main challenges in this context is the presence of instances whose event outcomes become unobservable after a certain time point or when some instances do not experience any event during the monitoring period . such a phenomenon is called censoring which can be effectively handled using survival analysis techniques . traditional ←
→ duration and interval hidden markov model for sequential data analysis ; analysis of sequential event data has been recognized as one of the essential tools in data modeling and analysis field . in this paper , after the examination of its technical requirements and issues to model complex but practical situation , we propose a new sequential data model , dubbed duration and interval hidden markov model ( di - hmm ), that efficiently represents " state duration " and " state interval " of data events . this has signific ←
→ quick and energy - efficient bayesian computing of binocular disparity using stochastic digital signals ; reconstruction of the tridimensional geometry of a visual scene using the binocular disparity information is an important issue in computer vision and mobile robotics , which can be formulated as a bayesian inference problem . however , computation of the full disparity distribution with an advanced bayesian model is usually an intractable problem , and proves computationally challenging even with a simple ←
→ toward designing intelligent pdes for computer vision : an optimal control approach ; many computer vision and image processing problems can be posed as solving partial differential equations ( pdes ). however , designing pde system usually requires high mathematical skills and good insight into the problems . in this paper , we consider designing pdes for various problems arising in computer vision and image processing in a lazy manner : \ emph { learning pdes from real data via data - based optimal control }. we fir ←
→ action classification via concepts and attributes ; classes in natural images tend to follow long tail distributions . this is problematic when there are insufficient training examples for rare classes . this effect is emphasized in compound classes , involving the conjunction of several concepts , such as those appearing in action - recognition datasets . in this paper , we propose to address this issue by learning how to utilize common visual concepts which are readily available . we detect the presence of promine ←
→ high - speed detection of emergent market clustering via an unsupervised parallel genetic algorithm ; we implement a master - slave parallel genetic algorithm ( pga ) with a bespoke log - likelihood fitness function to identify emergent clusters within price evolutions . we use graphics processing units ( gpus ) to implement a pga and visualise the results using disjoint minimal spanning trees ( msts ). we demonstrate that our gpu pga , implemented on a commercially available general purpose gpu , is able to recover sto ←
→ mining object parts from cnns via active question - answering ; given a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) that is pre - trained for object classification , this paper proposes to use active question - answering to semanticize neural patterns in conv - layers of the cnn and mine part concepts . for each part concept , we mine neural patterns in the pre - trained cnn , which are related to the target part , and use these patterns to construct an and - or graph ( aog ) to represent a four - layer semantic hierarchy of the part . a ←
→ understanding adversarial training : increasing local stability of neural nets through robust optimization ; we propose a general framework for increasing local stability of artificial neural nets ( anns ) using robust optimization ( ro ). we achieve this through an alternating minimization - maximization procedure , in which the loss of the network is minimized over perturbed examples that are generated at each parameter update . we show that adversarial training of anns is in fact robustification of the network ←
→ constrained mixture models for asset returns modelling ; the estimation of asset return distributions is crucial for determining optimal trading strategies . in this paper we describe the constrained mixture model , based on a mixture of gamma and gaussian distributions , to provide an accurate description of price trends as being clearly positive , negative or ranging while accounting for heavy tails and high kurtosis . the model is estimated in the expectation maximisation framework and model order estimation ←
→ h - denseunet : hybrid densely connected unet for liver and liver tumor segmentation from ct volumes ; liver cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer death . to assist doctors in hepatocellular carcinoma diagnosis and treatment planning , an accurate and automatic liver and tumor segmentation method is highly demanded in the clinical practice . recently , fully convolutional neural networks ( fcns ), including 2d and 3d fcns , serve as the back - bone in many volumetric image segmentation . however , 2d convolutio ←
→ deep learning face representation by joint identification - verification ; the key challenge of face recognition is to develop effective feature representations for reducing intra - personal variations while enlarging inter - personal differences . in this paper , we show that it can be well solved with deep learning and using both face identification and verification signals as supervision . the deep identification - verification features ( deepid2 ) are learned with carefully designed deep convolutional networks . the ←
→ automated generation of connectionist expert systems for problems involving noise and redundancy ; when creating an expert system , the most difficult and expensive task is constructing a knowledge base . this is particularly true if the problem involves noisy data and redundant measurements . this paper shows how to modify the macie process for generating connectionist expert systems from training examples so that it can accommodate noisy and redundant data . the basic idea is to dynamically generate appropr ←
→ pix2code : generating code from a graphical user interface screenshot ; transforming a graphical user interface screenshot created by a designer into computer code is a typical task conducted by a developer in order to build customized software , websites , and mobile applications . in this paper , we show that deep learning methods can be leveraged to train a model end - to - end to automatically generate code from a single input image with over 77 % of accuracy for three different platforms ( i . e . ios , android and w ←
→ learning to plan chemical syntheses ; from medicines to materials , small organic molecules are indispensable for human well - being . to plan their syntheses , chemists employ a problem solving technique called retrosynthesis . in retrosynthesis , target molecules are recursively transformed into increasingly simpler precursor compounds until a set of readily available starting materials is obtained . computer - aided retrosynthesis would be a highly valuable tool , however , past approaches were slow and provided res ←
→ the inductive constraint programming loop ; constraint programming is used for a variety of real - world optimisation problems , such as planning , scheduling and resource allocation problems . at the same time , one continuously gathers vast amounts of data about these problems . current constraint programming software does not exploit such data to update schedules , resources and plans . we propose a new framework , that we call the inductive constraint programming loop . in this approach data is gathered and analyz ←
→ hierarchical maximum margin learning for multi - class classification ; due to myriads of classes , designing accurate and efficient classifiers becomes very challenging for multi - class classification . recent research has shown that class structure learning can greatly facilitate multi - class learning . in this paper , we propose a novel method to learn the class structure for multi - class classification problems . the class structure is assumed to be a binary hierarchical tree . to learn such a tree , we propose a m ←
→ technical report : a tool for measuring prosodic accommodation ; this article has been withdrawn by arxiv administrators because the submitter did not have the legal authority to grant the license applied to the work .←
→ deep 6 - dof tracking ; we present a temporal 6 - dof tracking method which leverages deep learning to achieve state - of - the - art performance on challenging datasets of real world capture . our method is both more accurate and more robust to occlusions than the existing best performing approaches while maintaining real - time performance . to assess its efficacy , we evaluate our approach on several challenging rgbd sequences of real objects in a variety of conditions . notably , we systematically evaluate robustness to ←
→ morphology generation for statistical machine translation ; when translating into morphologically rich languages , statistical mt approaches face the problem of data sparsity . the severity of the sparseness problem will be high when the corpus size of morphologically richer language is less . even though we can use factored models to correctly generate morphological forms of words , the problem of data sparseness limits their performance . in this paper , we describe a simple and effective solution which is base ←
→ a learning - based visual saliency prediction model for stereoscopic 3d video ( lbvs - 3d ) ; over the past decade , many computational saliency prediction models have been proposed for 2d images and videos . considering that the human visual system has evolved in a natural 3d environment , it is only natural to want to design visual attention models for 3d content . existing monocular saliency models are not able to accurately predict the attentive regions when applied to 3d image / video content , as they do not inc ←
→ writing positive / negative - conditional equations conveniently ; we present a convenient notation for positive / negative - conditional equations . the idea is to merge rules specifying the same function by using case -, if -, match -, and let - expressions . based on the presented macro - rule - construct , positive / negative - conditional equational specifications can be written on a higher level . a rewrite system translates the macro - rule - constructs into positive / negative - conditional equations .←
→ polarimetric sar image smoothing with stochastic distances ; polarimetric synthetic aperture radar ( polsar ) images are establishing as an important source of information in remote sensing applications . the most complete format this type of imaging produces consists of complex - valued hermitian matrices in every image coordinate and , as such , their visualization is challenging . they also suffer from speckle noise which reduces the signal - to - noise ratio . smoothing techniques have been proposed in the literatur ←
→ linguistic information energy ; in this treatment a text is considered to be a series of word impulses which are read at a constant rate . the brain then assembles these units of information into higher units of meaning . a classical systems approach is used to model an initial part of this assembly process . the concepts of linguistic system response , information energy , and ordering energy are defined and analyzed . finally , as a demonstration , information energy is used to estimate the publication dates of a ←
→ a new coherence - penalized minimal path model with application to retinal vessel centerline delineation ; in this paper , we propose a new minimal path model for minimally interactive retinal vessel centerline extraction . the main contribution lies at the construction of a novel coherence - penalized riemannian metric in a lifted space , dependently of the local geometry of tubularity and an external scalar - valued reference feature map . the globally minimizing curves associated to the proposed metric favour to ←
→ multi - view convolutional neural networks for 3d shape recognition ; a longstanding question in computer vision concerns the representation of 3d shapes for recognition : should 3d shapes be represented with descriptors operating on their native 3d formats , such as voxel grid or polygon mesh , or can they be effectively represented with view - based descriptors ? we address this question in the context of learning to recognize 3d shapes from a collection of their rendered views on 2d images . we first present a st ←
→ a portfolio approach to algorithm selection for discrete time - cost trade - off problem ; it is a known fact that the performance of optimization algorithms for np - hard problems vary from instance to instance . we observed the same trend when we comprehensively studied multi - objective evolutionary algorithms ( moeas ) on a six benchmark instances of discrete time - cost trade - off problem ( dtctp ) in a construction project . in this paper , instead of using a single algorithm to solve dtctp , we use a portfolio approa ←
→ expected similarity estimation for large - scale batch and streaming anomaly detection ; we present a novel algorithm for anomaly detection on very large datasets and data streams . the method , named expected similarity estimation ( expose ), is kernel - based and able to efficiently compute the similarity between new data points and the distribution of regular data . the estimator is formulated as an inner product with a reproducing kernel hilbert space embedding and makes no assumption about the type or shape o ←
→ deep neural networks for bot detection ; the problem of detecting bots , automated social media accounts governed by software but disguising as human users , has strong implications . for example , bots have been used to sway political elections by distorting online discourse , to manipulate the stock market , or to push anti - vaccine conspiracy theories that caused health epidemics . most techniques proposed to date detect bots at the account level , by processing large amount of social media posts , and leveraging ←
→ hardware - driven nonlinear activation for stochastic computing based deep convolutional neural networks ; recently , deep convolutional neural networks ( dcnns ) have made unprecedented progress , achieving the accuracy close to , or even better than human - level perception in various tasks . there is a timely need to map the latest software dcnns to application - specific hardware , in order to achieve orders of magnitude improvement in performance , energy efficiency and compactness . stochastic computing ( sc ), as a ←
→ evolving difficult sat instances thanks to local search ; we propose to use local search algorithms to produce sat instances which are harder to solve than randomly generated k - cnf formulae . the first results , obtained with rudimentary search algorithms , show that the approach deserves further study . it could be used as a test of robustness for sat solvers , and could help to investigate how branching heuristics , learning strategies , and other aspects of solvers impact there robustness .←
→ improving energy efficiency in femtocell networks : a hierarchical reinforcement learning framework ; this paper investigates energy efficiency for two - tier femtocell networks through combining game theory and stochastic learning . with the stackelberg game formulation , a hierarchical reinforcement learning framework is applied to study the joint average utility maximization of macrocells and femtocells subject to the minimum signal - to - interference - plus - noise - ratio requirements . the macrocells behave as the ←
→ adaptive deep learning through visual domain localization ; a commercial robot , trained by its manufacturer to recognize a predefined number and type of objects , might be used in many settings , that will in general differ in their illumination conditions , background , type and degree of clutter , and so on . recent computer vision works tackle this generalization issue through domain adaptation methods , assuming as source the visual domain where the system is trained and as target the domain of deployment . all ←
→ second order probabilities for uncertain and conflicting evidence ; in this paper the elicitation of probabilities from human experts is considered as a measurement process , which may be disturbed by random ' measurement noise '. using bayesian concepts a second order probability distribution is derived reflecting the uncertainty of the input probabilities . the algorithm is based on an approximate sample representation of the basic probabilities . this sample is continuously modified by a stochastic simulation ←
→ concurrent cube - and - conquer ; recent work introduced the cube - and - conquer technique to solve hard sat instances . it partitions the search space into cubes using a lookahead solver . each cube is tackled by a conflict - driven clause learning ( cdcl ) solver . crucial for strong performance is the cutoff heuristic that decides when to switch from lookahead to cdcl . yet , this offline heuristic is far from ideal . in this paper , we present a novel hybrid solver that applies the cube and conquer steps simultaneously . ←
→ towards common - sense reasoning via conditional simulation : legacies of turing in artificial intelligence ; the problem of replicating the flexibility of human common - sense reasoning has captured the imagination of computer scientists since the early days of alan turing ' s foundational work on computation and the philosophy of artificial intelligence . in the intervening years , the idea of cognition as computation has emerged as a fundamental tenet of artificial intelligence ( ai ) and cognitive science . but w ←
→ tracking persons - of - interest via unsupervised representation adaptation ; multi - face tracking in unconstrained videos is a challenging problem as faces of one person often appear drastically different in multiple shots due to significant variations in scale , pose , expression , illumination , and make - up . existing multi - target tracking methods often use low - level features which are not sufficiently discriminative for identifying faces with such large appearance variations . in this paper , we tackle this problem ←
→ dimensionality reduction and reconstruction using mirroring neural networks and object recognition based on reduced dimension characteristic vector ; in this paper , we present a mirroring neural network architecture to perform non - linear dimensionality reduction and object recognition using a reduced lowdimensional characteristic vector . in addition to dimensionality reduction , the network also reconstructs ( mirrors ) the original high - dimensional input vector from the reduced low - dimensional data . the m ←
→ scan - based compressed terahertz imaging and real - time reconstruction via the complex - valued fast block sparse bayesian learning algorithm ; compressed sensing based terahertz imaging ( cs - thz ) is a computational imaging technique . it uses only one thz receiver to accumulate the random modulated image measurements where the original thz image is reconstruct from these measurements using compressed sensing solvers . the advantage of the cs - thz is its reduced acquisition time compared with the raster scan mode ←
→ a novel technique for grading of dates using shape and texture features ; this paper presents a novel method to grade the date fruits based on the combination of shape and texture features . the method begins with reducing the specular reflection and small noise using a bilateral filter . threshold based segmentation is performed for background removal and fruit part selection from the given image . shape features is extracted using the contour of the date fruit and texture features are extracted using curvele ←
→ on looking for local expansion invariants in argumentation semantics ; we study invariant local expansion operators for conflict - free and admissible sets in abstract argumentation frameworks ( afs ). such operators are directly applied on afs , and are invariant with respect to a chosen " semantics " ( that is w . r . t . each of the conflict free / admissible set of arguments ). accordingly , we derive a definition of robustness for afs in terms of the number of times such operators can be applied without producing any c ←
→ fusso : functional shrinkage and selection operator ; we present the fusso , a functional analogue to the lasso , that efficiently finds a sparse set of functional input covariates to regress a real - valued response against . the fusso does so in a semi - parametric fashion , making no parametric assumptions about the nature of input functional covariates and assuming a linear form to the mapping of functional covariates to the response . we provide a statistical backing for use of the fusso via proof of asymptotic ←
→ semi - supervised clustering methods ; cluster analysis methods seek to partition a data set into homogeneous subgroups . it is useful in a wide variety of applications , including document processing and modern genetics . conventional clustering methods are unsupervised , meaning that there is no outcome variable nor is anything known about the relationship between the observations in the data set . in many situations , however , information about the clusters is available in addition to the values of the features .←
→ keyword and keyphrase extraction using centrality measures on collocation networks ; keyword and keyphrase extraction is an important problem in natural language processing , with applications ranging from summarization to semantic search to document clustering . graph - based approaches to keyword and keyphrase extraction avoid the problem of acquiring a large in - domain training corpus by applying variants of pagerank algorithm on a network of words . although graph - based approaches are knowledge - lean and eas ←
→ optimal design of fuzzy based power system stabilizer self tuned by robust search algorithm ; in the interconnected power system network , instability problems are caused mainly by the low frequency oscillations of 0 . 2 to 2 . 5 hz . the supplementary control signal in addition with avr and high gain excitation systems are provided by means of power system stabilizer ( pss ). conventional power system stabilizers provide effective damping only on a particular operating point . but fuzzy based pss provides good da ←
→ stochastic variance reduction for policy gradient estimation ; recent advances in policy gradient methods and deep learning have demonstrated their applicability for complex reinforcement learning problems . however , the variance of the performance gradient estimates obtained from the simulation is often excessive , leading to poor sample efficiency . in this paper , we apply the stochastic variance reduced gradient descent ( svrg ) to model - free policy gradient to significantly improve the sample - efficiency . the ←
→ improving weather radar by fusion and classification ; in air traffic management ( atm ) all necessary operations ( tactical planing , sector configuration , required staffing , runway configuration , routing of approaching aircrafts ) rely on accurate measurements and predictions of the current weather situation . an essential basis of information is delivered by weather radar images ( wxr ), which , unfortunately , exhibit a vast amount of disturbances . thus , the improvement of these datasets is the key factor for mor ←
→ ergo : a graphical environment for constructing bayesian ; we describe an environment that considerably simplifies the process of generating bayesian belief networks . the system has been implemented on readily available , inexpensive hardware , and provides clarity and high performance . we present an introduction to bayesian belief networks , discuss algorithms for inference with these networks , and delineate the classes of problems that can be solved with this paradigm . we then describe the hardware and softwa ←
→ clustering by hierarchical nearest neighbor descent ( h - nnd ) ; previously in 2014 , we proposed the nearest descent ( nd ) method , capable of generating an efficient graph , called the in - tree ( it ). due to some beautiful and effective features , this it structure proves well suited for data clustering . although there exist some redundant edges in it , they usually have salient features and thus it is not hard to remove them . subsequently , in order to prevent the seemingly redundant edges from occurring , we propo ←
→ making " fetch " happen : the influence of social and linguistic context on nonstandard word growth and decline ; in an online community , new words come and go : today ' s " haha " may be replaced by tomorrow ' s " lol ." changes in online writing are usually studied as a social process , with innovations diffusing through a network of individuals in a speech community . but unlike other types of innovation , language change is shaped and constrained by the system in which it takes part . to investigate the links between ←
→ unsupervised part - of - speech induction ; part - of - speech ( pos ) tagging is an old and fundamental task in natural language processing . while supervised pos taggers have shown promising accuracy , it is not always feasible to use supervised methods due to lack of labeled data . in this project , we attempt to unsurprisingly induce pos tags by iteratively looking for a recurring pattern of words through a hierarchical agglomerative clustering process . our approach shows promising results when compared to the taggin ←
→ distributed processing of biosignal - database for emotion recognition with mahout ; this paper investigates the use of distributed processing on the problem of emotion recognition from physiological sensors using a popular machine learning library on distributed mode . specifically , we run a random forests classifier on the biosignal - data , which have been pre - processed to form exclusive groups in an unsupervised fashion , on a cloudera cluster using mahout . the use of distributed processing significantly red ←
→ an asynchronous implementation of the limited memory cma - es ; we present our asynchronous implementation of the lm - cma - es algorithm , which is a modern evolution strategy for solving complex large - scale continuous optimization problems . our implementation brings the best results when the number of cores is relatively high and the computational complexity of the fitness function is also high . the experiments with benchmark functions show that it is able to overcome its origin on the sphere function , reaches c ←
→ unsupervised learning for color constancy ; most digital camera pipelines use color constancy methods to reduce the influence of illumination and camera sensor on the colors of scene objects . the highest accuracy of color correction is obtained with learning - based color constancy methods , but they require a significant amount of calibrated training images with known ground - truth illumination . such calibration is time consuming , preferably done for each sensor individually , and therefore a major bottleneck i ←
→ exploring person context and local scene context for object detection ; in this paper we explore two ways of using context for object detection . the first model focusses on people and the objects they commonly interact with , such as fashion and sports accessories . the second model considers more general object detection and uses the spatial relationships between objects and between objects and scenes . our models are able to capture precise spatial relationships between the context and the object of interest ←
→ causal inference through a witness protection program ; one of the most fundamental problems in causal inference is the estimation of a causal effect when variables are confounded . this is difficult in an observational study , because one has no direct evidence that all confounders have been adjusted for . we introduce a novel approach for estimating causal effects that exploits observational conditional independencies to suggest " weak " paths in a unknown causal graph . the widely used faithfulness condition o ←
→ semidefinite programming based preconditioning for more robust near - separable nonnegative matrix factorization ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) under the separability assumption can provably be solved efficiently , even in the presence of noise , and has been shown to be a powerful technique in document classification and hyperspectral unmixing . this problem is referred to as near - separable nmf and requires that there exists a cone spanned by a small subset of the columns of the input nonnegative ma ←
→ detection , recognition and tracking of moving objects from real - time video via sp theory of intelligence and species inspired pso ; in this paper , we address the basic problem of recognizing moving objects in video images using sp theory of intelligence . the concept of sp theory of intelligence which is a framework of artificial intelligence , was first introduced by gerard j wolff , where s stands for simplicity and p stands for power . using the concept of multiple alignment , we detect and recognize object ←
→ active convolution : learning the shape of convolution for image classification ; in recent years , deep learning has achieved great success in many computer vision applications . convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have lately emerged as a major approach to image classification . most research on cnns thus far has focused on developing architectures such as the inception and residual networks . the convolution layer is the core of the cnn , but few studies have addressed the convolution unit itself . in this p ←
→ can turing machine be curious about its turing test results ? three informal lectures on physics of intelligence ; what is the nature of curiosity ? is there any scientific way to understand the origin of this mysterious force that drives the behavior of even the stupidest naturally intelligent systems and is completely absent in their smartest artificial analogs ? can we build ai systems that could be curious about something , systems that would have an intrinsic motivation to learn ? is such a motivation qua ←
→ the merits of sharing a ride ; the culture of sharing instead of ownership is sharply increasing in individuals behaviors . particularly in transportation , concepts of sharing a ride in either carpooling or ridesharing have been recently adopted . an efficient optimization approach to match passengers in real - time is the core of any ridesharing system . in this paper , we model ridesharing as an online matching problem on general graphs such that passengers do not drive private cars and use shared taxis . we pro ←
→ cluster based symbolic representation for skewed text categorization ; in this work , a problem associated with imbalanced text corpora is addressed . a method of converting an imbalanced text corpus into a balanced one is presented . the presented method employs a clustering algorithm for conversion . initially to avoid curse of dimensionality , an effective representation scheme based on term class relevancy measure is adapted , which drastically reduces the dimension to the number of classes in the corpus . sub ←
→ ensemble sales forecasting study in semiconductor industry ; sales forecasting plays a prominent role in business planning and business strategy . the value and importance of advance information is a cornerstone of planning activity , and a well - set forecast goal can guide sale - force more efficiently . in this paper cpu sales forecasting of intel corporation , a multinational semiconductor industry , was considered . past sale , future booking , exchange rates , gross domestic product ( gdp ) forecasting , seasonality ←
→ hybrid fuzzy logic and pid controller based ph neutralization pilot plant ; use of control theory within process control industries has changed rapidly due to the increase complexity of instrumentation , real time requirements , minimization of operating costs and highly nonlinear characteristics of chemical process . previously developed process control technologies which are mostly based on a single controller are not efficient in terms of signal transmission delays , processing power for computational need ←
→ gpatt : fast multidimensional pattern extrapolation with gaussian processes ; gaussian processes are typically used for smoothing and interpolation on small datasets . we introduce a new bayesian nonparametric framework -- gpatt -- enabling automatic pattern extrapolation with gaussian processes on large multidimensional datasets . gpatt unifies and extends highly expressive kernels and fast exact inference techniques . without human intervention -- no hand crafting of kernel features , and no sophisticated in ←
→ genetic algorithms in time - dependent environments ; the influence of time - dependent fitnesses on the infinite population dynamics of simple genetic algorithms ( without crossover ) is analyzed . based on general arguments , a schematic phase diagram is constructed that allows one to characterize the asymptotic states in dependence on the mutation rate and the time scale of changes . furthermore , the notion of regular changes is raised for which the population can be shown to converge towards a generalized quasis ←
→ a semantic relevance based neural network for text summarization and text simplification ; text summarization and text simplification are two major ways to simplify the text for poor readers , including children , non - native speakers , and the functionally illiterate . text summarization is to produce a brief summary of the main ideas of the text , while text simplification aims to reduce the linguistic complexity of the text and retain the original meaning . recently , most approaches for text summarization and ←
→ a framework for genetic algorithms based on hadoop ; genetic algorithms ( gas ) are powerful metaheuristic techniques mostly used in many real - world applications . the sequential execution of gas requires considerable computational power both in time and resources . nevertheless , gas are naturally parallel and accessing a parallel platform such as cloud is easy and cheap . apache hadoop is one of the common services that can be used for parallel applications . however , using hadoop to develop a parallel version o ←
→ diffeomorphic metric mapping and probabilistic atlas generation of hybrid diffusion imaging based on bfor signal basis ; we propose a large deformation diffeomorphic metric mapping algorithm to align multiple b - value diffusion weighted imaging ( mdwi ) data , specifically acquired via hybrid diffusion imaging ( hydi ), denoted as lddmm - hydi . we then propose a bayesian model for estimating the white matter atlas from hydis . we adopt the work given in hosseinbor et al . ( 2012 ) and represent the q - space diffusion ←
→ multi - scale spatially weighted local histograms in o ( 1 ) ; weighting pixel contribution considering its location is a key feature in many fundamental image processing tasks including filtering , object modeling and distance matching . several techniques have been proposed that incorporate spatial information to increase the accuracy and boost the performance of detection , tracking and recognition systems at the cost of speed . but , it is still not clear how to efficiently ex - tract weighted local histograms in ←
→ topic stability over noisy sources ; topic modelling techniques such as lda have recently been applied to speech transcripts and ocr output . these corpora may contain noisy or erroneous texts which may undermine topic stability . therefore , it is important to know how well a topic modelling algorithm will perform when applied to noisy data . in this paper we show that different types of textual noise will have diverse effects on the stability of different topic models . from these observations , we propose guid ←
→ a corrective training algorithm for adaptive learning in bag generation ; the sampling problem in training corpus is one of the major sources of errors in corpus - based applications . this paper proposes a corrective training algorithm to best - fit the run - time context domain in the application of bag generation . it shows which objects to be adjusted and how to adjust their probabilities . the resulting techniques are greatly simplified and the experimental results demonstrate the promising effects of the train ←
→ syllable - aware neural language models : a failure to beat character - aware ones ; syllabification does not seem to improve word - level rnn language modeling quality when compared to character - based segmentation . however , our best syllable - aware language model , achieving performance comparable to the competitive character - aware model , has 18 %- 33 % fewer parameters and is trained 1 . 2 - 2 . 2 times faster .←
→ morphological study of albanian words , and processing with nooj ; we are developing electronic dictionaries and transducers for the automatic processing of the albanian language . we will analyze the words inside a linear segment of text . we will also study the relationship between units of sense and units of form . the composition of words takes different forms in albanian . we have found that morphemes are frequently concatenated or simply juxtaposed or contracted . the inflected grammar of nooj allows constr ←
→ diffusion tensor imaging with deterministic error bounds ; errors in the data and the forward operator of an inverse problem can be handily modelled using partial order in banach lattices . we present some existing results of the theory of regularisation in this novel framework , where errors are represented as bounds by means of the appropriate partial order . we apply the theory to diffusion tensor imaging , where correct noise modelling is challenging : it involves the rician distribution and the nonlinear ←
→ on binary classification with single - layer convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural networks are becoming standard tools for solving object recognition and visual tasks . however , most of the design and implementation of these complex models are based on trail - and - error . in this report , the main focus is to consider some of the important factors in designing convolutional networks to perform better . specifically , classification with wide single - layer networks with large kernels as a general frame ←
→ inferring sparsity : compressed sensing using generalized restricted boltzmann machines ; in this work , we consider compressed sensing reconstruction from $ m $ measurements of $ k $- sparse structured signals which do not possess a writable correlation model . assuming that a generative statistical model , such as a boltzmann machine , can be trained in an unsupervised manner on example signals , we demonstrate how this signal model can be used within a bayesian framework of signal reconstruction . by deriving a me ←
→ image to image translation for domain adaptation ; we propose a general framework for unsupervised domain adaptation , which allows deep neural networks trained on a source domain to be tested on a different target domain without requiring any training annotations in the target domain . this is achieved by adding extra networks and losses that help regularize the features extracted by the backbone encoder network . to this end we propose the novel use of the recently proposed unpaired image - toimage translation ←
→ emotion in reinforcement learning agents and robots : a survey ; this article provides the first survey of computational models of emotion in reinforcement learning ( rl ) agents . the survey focuses on agent / robot emotions , and mostly ignores human user emotions . emotions are recognized as functional in decision - making by influencing motivation and action selection . therefore , computational emotion models are usually grounded in the agent ' s decision making architecture , of which rl is an important subclass . st ←
→ multi - path probabilistic available bandwidth estimation through bayesian active learning ; knowing the largest rate at which data can be sent on an end - to - end path such that the egress rate is equal to the ingress rate with high probability can be very practical when choosing transmission rates in video streaming or selecting peers in peer - to - peer applications . we introduce probabilistic available bandwidth , which is defined in terms of ingress rates and egress rates of traffic on a path , rather than in t ←
→ abnormal spatial - temporal pattern analysis for niagara frontier border wait times ; border crossing delays cause problems like huge economics loss and heavy environmental pollutions . to understand more about the nature of border crossing delay , this study applies a dictionary - based compression algorithm to process the historical niagara frontier border wait times data . it can identify the abnormal spatial - temporal patterns for both passenger vehicles and trucks at three bridges connecting us and canada . f ←
→ a brief introduction to temporality and causality ; causality is a non - obvious concept that is often considered to be related to temporality . in this paper we present a number of past and present approaches to the definition of temporality and causality from philosophical , physical , and computational points of view . we note that time is an important ingredient in many relationships and phenomena . the topic is then divided into the two main areas of temporal discovery , which is concerned with finding relatio ←
→ despot : online pomdp planning with regularization ; the partially observable markov decision process ( pomdp ) provides a principled general framework for planning under uncertainty , but solving pomdps optimally is computationally intractable , due to the " curse of dimensionality " and the " curse of history ". to overcome these challenges , we introduce the determinized sparse partially observable tree ( despot ), a sparse approximation of the standard belief tree , for online planning under uncertainty . a despot fo ←
→ simple , fast semantic parsing with a tensor kernel ; we describe a simple approach to semantic parsing based on a tensor product kernel . we extract two feature vectors : one for the query and one for each candidate logical form . we then train a classifier using the tensor product of the two vectors . using very simple features for both , our system achieves an average f1 score of 40 . 1 % on the webquestions dataset . this is comparable to more complex systems but is simpler to implement and runs faster .←
→ exploiting convolutional representations for multiscale human settlement detection ; we test this premise and explore representation spaces from a single deep convolutional network and their visualization to argue for a novel unified feature extraction framework . the objective is to utilize and re - purpose trained feature extractors without the need for network retraining on three remote sensing tasks i . e . superpixel mapping , pixel - level segmentation and semantic based image visualization . by leveraging th ←
→ robust data geometric structure aligned close yet discriminative domain adaptation ; domain adaptation ( da ) is transfer learning which aims to leverage labeled data in a related source domain to achieve informed knowledge transfer and help the classification of unlabeled data in a target domain . in this paper , we propose a novel da method , namely robust data geometric structure aligned , close yet discriminative domain adaptation ( rsa - cdda ), which brings closer , in a latent joint subspace , both source and ←
→ deep perceptual mapping for thermal to visible face recognition ; cross modal face matching between the thermal and visible spectrum is a much de - sired capability for night - time surveillance and security applications . due to a very large modality gap , thermal - to - visible face recognition is one of the most challenging face matching problem . in this paper , we present an approach to bridge this modality gap by a significant margin . our approach captures the highly non - linear relationship be - tween the two mod ←
→ semantic scene completion from a single depth image ; this paper focuses on semantic scene completion , a task for producing a complete 3d voxel representation of volumetric occupancy and semantic labels for a scene from a single - view depth map observation . previous work has considered scene completion and semantic labeling of depth maps separately . however , we observe that these two problems are tightly intertwined . to leverage the coupled nature of these two tasks , we introduce the semantic scene completio ←
→ you had me at hello : how phrasing affects memorability ; understanding the ways in which information achieves widespread public awareness is a research question of significant interest . we consider whether , and how , the way in which the information is phrased --- the choice of words and sentence structure --- can affect this process . to this end , we develop an analysis framework and build a corpus of movie quotes , annotated with memorability information , in which we are able to control for both the speaker ←
→ sticking the landing : simple , lower - variance gradient estimators for variational inference ; we propose a simple and general variant of the standard reparameterized gradient estimator for the variational evidence lower bound . specifically , we remove a part of the total derivative with respect to the variational parameters that corresponds to the score function . removing this term produces an unbiased gradient estimator whose variance approaches zero as the approximate posterior approaches the exact poster ←
→ from modal to multimodal ambiguities : a classification approach ; this paper deals with classifying ambiguities for multimodal languages . it evolves the classifications and the methods of the literature on ambiguities for natural language and visual language , empirically defining an original classification of ambiguities for multimodal interaction using a linguistic perspective . this classification distinguishes between semantic and syntactic multimodal ambiguities and their subclasses , which are intercepte ←
→ deliberation scheduling for time - critical sequential decision making ; we describe a method for time - critical decision making involving sequential tasks and stochastic processes . the method employs several iterative refinement routines for solving different aspects of the decision making problem . this paper concentrates on the meta - level control problem of deliberation scheduling , allocating computational resources to these routines . we provide different models corresponding to optimization problems that ca ←
→ interactively test driving an object detector : estimating performance on unlabeled data ; in this paper , we study the problem of ` test - driving ' a detector , i . e . allowing a human user to get a quick sense of how well the detector generalizes to their specific requirement . to this end , we present the first system that estimates detector performance interactively without extensive ground truthing using a human in the loop . we approach this as a problem of estimating proportions and show that it is possible t ←
→ safeguarding e - commerce against advisor cheating behaviors : towards more robust trust models for handling unfair ratings ; in electronic marketplaces , after each transaction buyers will rate the products provided by the sellers . to decide the most trustworthy sellers to transact with , buyers rely on trust models to leverage these ratings to evaluate the reputation of sellers . although the high effectiveness of different trust models for handling unfair ratings have been claimed by their designers , recentl ←
→ standard methods for inexpensive pollen loads authentication by means of computer vision and machine learning ; we present a complete methodology for authenticating local bee pollen against fraudulent samples using image processing and machine learning techniques . the proposed standard methods do not need expensive equipment such as advanced microscopes and can be used for a preliminary fast rejection of unknown pollen types . the system is able to rapidly reject the non - local pollen samples with inexpensi ←
→ understanding image representations by measuring their equivariance and equivalence ; despite the importance of image representations such as histograms of oriented gradients and deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ), our theoretical understanding of them remains limited . aiming at filling this gap , we investigate three key mathematical properties of representations : equivariance , invariance , and equivalence . equivariance studies how transformations of the input image are encoded by the representation ,←
→ preference at first sight ; we consider decision - making and game scenarios in which an agent is limited by his / her computational ability to foresee all the available moves towards the future - that is , we study scenarios with short sight . we focus on how short sight affects the logical properties of decision making in multi - agent settings . we start with single - agent sequential decision making ( ssdm ) processes , modeling them by a new structure of " preference - sight trees ". using this model , we first explore t ←
→ deep - 6dpose : recovering 6d object pose from a single rgb image ; detecting objects and their 6d poses from only rgb images is an important task for many robotic applications . while deep learning methods have made significant progress in visual object detection and segmentation , the object pose estimation task is still challenging . in this paper , we introduce an end - toend deep learning framework , named deep - 6dpose , that jointly detects , segments , and most importantly recovers 6d poses of object instances fro ←
→ development of a fuzzy expert system based liveliness detection scheme for biometric authentication ; liveliness detection acts as a safe guard against spoofing attacks . most of the researchers used vision based techniques to detect liveliness of the user , but they are highly sensitive to illumination effects . therefore it is very hard to design a system , which will work robustly under all circumstances . literature shows that most of the research utilize eye blink or mouth movement to detect the livelines ←
→ zero - shot question generation from knowledge graphs for unseen predicates and entity types ; we present a neural model for question generation from knowledge base triples in a " zero - shot " setup , that is generating questions for triples containing predicates , subject types or object types that were not seen at training time . our model leverages triples occurrences in the natural language corpus in an encoder - decoder architecture , paired with an original part - of - speech copy action mechanism to generate ques ←
→ what is the best way for extracting meaningful attributes from pictures ? ; automatic attribute discovery methods have gained in popularity to extract sets of visual attributes from images or videos for various tasks . despite their good performance in some classification tasks , it is difficult to evaluate whether the attributes discovered by these methods are meaningful and which methods are the most appropriate to discover attributes for visual descriptions . in its simplest form , such an evaluation can be p ←
→ solving problems with unknown solution length at ( almost ) no extra cost ; most research in the theory of evolutionary computation assumes that the problem at hand has a fixed problem size . this assumption does not always apply to real - world optimization challenges , where the length of an optimal solution may be unknown a priori . following up on previous work of cathabard , lehre , and yao [ foga 2011 ] we analyze variants of the ( 1 + 1 ) evolutionary algorithm for problems with unknown solution length . for their ←
→ brain intelligence : go beyond artificial intelligence ; artificial intelligence ( ai ) is an important technology that supports daily social life and economic activities . it contributes greatly to the sustainable growth of japan ' s economy and solves various social problems . in recent years , ai has attracted attention as a key for growth in developed countries such as europe and the united states and developing countries such as china and india . the attention has been focused mainly on developing new artificia ←
→ automatic generation of typographic font from a small font subset ; this paper addresses the automatic generation of a typographic font from a subset of characters . specifically , we use a subset of a typographic font to extrapolate additional characters . consequently , we obtain a complete font containing a number of characters sufficient for daily use . the automated generation of japanese fonts is in high demand because a japanese font requires over 1 , 000 characters . unfortunately , professional typographers ←
→ optimal learning for stochastic optimization with nonlinear parametric belief models ; we consider the problem of estimating the expected value of information ( the knowledge gradient ) for bayesian learning problems where the belief model is nonlinear in the parameters . our goal is to maximize some metric , while simultaneously learning the unknown parameters of the nonlinear belief model , by guiding a sequential experimentation process which is expensive . we overcome the problem of computing the expected v ←
→ least generalizations and greatest specializations of sets of clauses ; the main operations in inductive logic programming ( ilp ) are generalization and specialization , which only make sense in a generality order . in ilp , the three most important generality orders are subsumption , implication and implication relative to background knowledge . the two languages used most often are languages of clauses and languages of only horn clauses . this gives a total of six different ordered languages . in this paper , we g ←
→ bayesian networks from the point of view of chain graphs ; athe paper gives a few arguments in favour of the use of chain graphs for description of probabilistic conditional independence structures . every bayesian network model can be equivalently introduced by means of a factorization formula with respect to a chain graph which is markov equivalent to the bayesian network . a graphical characterization of such graphs is given . the class of equivalent graphs can be represented by a distinguished graph which ←
→ an efficient circle detection scheme in digital images using ant system algorithm ; detection of geometric features in digital images is an important exercise in image analysis and computer vision . the hough transform techniques for detection of circles require a huge memory space for data processing hence requiring a lot of time in computing the locations of the data space , writing to and searching through the memory space . in this paper we propose a novel and efficient scheme for detecting circles in ed ←
→ concurrent segmentation and localization for tracking of surgical instruments ; real - time instrument tracking is a crucial requirement for various computer - assisted interventions . in order to overcome problems such as specular reflections and motion blur , we propose a novel method that takes advantage of the interdependency between localization and segmentation of the surgical tool . in particular , we reformulate the 2d instrument pose estimation as heatmap regression and thereby enable a concurrent , robus ←
→ svd based image processing applications : state of the art , contributions and research challenges ; singular value decomposition ( svd ) has recently emerged as a new paradigm for processing different types of images . svd is an attractive algebraic transform for image processing applications . the paper proposes an experimental survey for the svd as an efficient transform in image processing applications . despite the well - known fact that svd offers attractive properties in imaging , the exploring of using its ←
→ structured sparse principal component analysis ; we present an extension of sparse pca , or sparse dictionary learning , where the sparsity patterns of all dictionary elements are structured and constrained to belong to a prespecified set of shapes . this \ emph { structured sparse pca } is based on a structured regularization recently introduced by [ 1 ]. while classical sparse priors only deal with \ textit { cardinality }, the regularization we use encodes higher - order information about the data . we propose an effici ←
→ a user simulator for task - completion dialogues ; despite widespread interests in reinforcement - learning for task - oriented dialogue systems , several obstacles can frustrate research and development progress . first , reinforcement learners typically require interaction with the environment , so conventional dialogue corpora cannot be used directly . second , each task presents specific challenges , requiring separate corpus of task - specific annotated data . third , collecting and annotating human - machine or human - hu ←
→ geometry aware mappings for high dimensional sparse factors ; while matrix factorisation models are ubiquitous in large scale recommendation and search , real time application of such models requires inner product computations over an intractably large set of item factors . in this manuscript we present a novel framework that uses the inverted index representation to exploit structural properties of sparse vectors to significantly reduce the run time computational cost of factorisation models . we develop tech ←
→ deep reinforcement learning that matters ; in recent years , significant progress has been made in solving challenging problems across various domains using deep reinforcement learning ( rl ). reproducing existing work and accurately judging the improvements offered by novel methods is vital to sustaining this progress . unfortunately , reproducing results for state - of - the - art deep rl methods is seldom straightforward . in particular , non - determinism in standard benchmark environments , combined with variance intr ←
→ a situation calculus - based approach to model ubiquitous information services ; this paper presents an augmented situation calculus - based approach to model autonomous computing paradigm in ubiquitous information services . to make it practical for commercial development and easier to support autonomous paradigm imposed by ubiquitous information services , we made improvements based on reiter ' s standard situation calculus . first we explore the inherent relationship between fluents and evolution : since not all ←
→ convolutional attention - based seq2seq neural network for end - to - end asr ; this thesis introduces the sequence to sequence model with luong ' s attention mechanism for end - to - end asr . it also describes various neural network algorithms including batch normalization , dropout and residual network which constitute the convolutional attention - based seq2seq neural network . finally the proposed model proved its effectiveness for speech recognition achieving 15 . 8 % phoneme error rate on timit dataset .←
→ head gesture recognition using optical flow based classification with reinforcement of gmm based background subtraction ; this paper describes a technique of real time head gesture recognition system . the method includes gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) accompanied by optical flow algorithm which provided us the required information regarding head movement . the proposed model can be implemented in various control system . we are also presenting the result and implementation of both mentioned method .←
→ causal effect inference with deep latent - variable models ; learning individual - level causal effects from observational data , such as inferring the most effective medication for a specific patient , is a problem of growing importance for policy makers . the most important aspect of inferring causal effects from observational data is the handling of confounders , factors that affect both an intervention and its outcome . a carefully designed observational study attempts to measure all important confounders . howev ←
→ heuristic optimization for automated distribution system planning in network integration studies ; network integration studies try to assess the impact of future developments , such as the increase of renewable energy sources or the introduction of smart grid technologies , on large - scale network areas . goals can be to support strategic alignment in the regulatory framework or to adapt the network planning principles of distribution system operators . this study outlines an approach for the automated distrib ←
→ assessing the performance of deep learning algorithms for newsvendor problem ; in retailer management , the newsvendor problem has widely attracted attention as one of basic inventory models . in the traditional approach to solving this problem , it relies on the probability distribution of the demand . in theory , if the probability distribution is known , the problem can be considered as fully solved . however , in any real world scenario , it is almost impossible to even approximate or estimate a better probabi ←
→ blind deconvolution with non - local sparsity reweighting ; blind deconvolution has made significant progress in the past decade . most successful algorithms are classified either as variational or maximum a - posteriori ($ map $). in spite of the superior theoretical justification of variational techniques , carefully constructed $ map $ algorithms have proven equally effective in practice . in this paper , we show that all successful $ map $ and variational algorithms share a common framework , relying on the following ←
→ a framework for estimating long term driver behavior ; the authors present a cyber - physical systems study on the estimation of driver behavior in autonomous vehicles and vehicle safety systems . extending upon previous work , the approach described is suitable for the long term estimation and tracking of autonomous vehicle behavior . the proposed system makes use of a previously defined hybrid state system and hidden markov model ( hss + hmm ) system which has provided good results for driver behavior estimation . ←
→ sentiment identification in code - mixed social media text ; sentiment analysis is the natural language processing ( nlp ) task dealing with the detection and classification of sentiments in texts . while some tasks deal with identifying the presence of sentiment in the text ( subjectivity analysis ), other tasks aim at determining the polarity of the text categorizing them as positive , negative and neutral . whenever there is a presence of sentiment in the text , it has a source ( people , group of people or any enti ←
→ viterbi algorithm generalized for n - tape best - path search ; we present a generalization of the viterbi algorithm for identifying the path with minimal ( resp . maximal ) weight in a n - tape weighted finite - state machine ( n - wfsm ), that accepts a given n - tuple of input strings ( s_1 ,... s_n ). it also allows us to compile the best transduction of a given input n - tuple by a weighted ( n + m )- wfsm ( transducer ) with n input and m output tapes . our algorithm has a worst - case time complexity of o (| s |^ n | e | log (| s |^ n | q |))←
→ benchmarking the quality of diffusion - weighted images ; we present a novel method that allows for measuring the quality of diffusion - weighted mr images dependent on the image resolution and the image noise . for this purpose , we introduce a new thresholding technique so that noise and the signal can automatically be estimated from a single data set . thus , no user interaction as well as no double acquisition technique , which requires a time - consuming proper geometrical registration , is needed . as a coarser im ←
→ faithfulness in chain graphs : the gaussian case ; this paper deals with chain graphs under the classic lauritzen - wermuth - frydenberg interpretation . we prove that the regular gaussian distributions that factorize with respect to a chain graph $ g $ with $ d $ parameters have positive lebesgue measure with respect to $\ mathbb { r }^ d $, whereas those that factorize with respect to $ g $ but are not faithful to it have zero lebesgue measure with respect to $\ mathbb { r }^ d $. this means that , in the measure - theoretic sense ←
→ warp : a method for neural network interpretability applied to gene expression profiles ; we show a proof of principle for warping , a method to interpret the inner working of neural networks in the context of gene expression analysis . warping is an efficient way to gain insight to the inner workings of neural nets and make them more interpretable . we demonstrate the ability of warping to recover meaningful information for a given class on a samplespecific individual basis . we found warping works well in bo ←
→ fast information - theoretic bayesian optimisation ; information - theoretic bayesian optimisation techniques have demonstrated state - of - the - art performance in tackling important global optimisation problems . however , current information - theoretic approaches require many approximations in implementation , introduce often - prohibitive computational overhead and limit the choice of kernels available to model the objective . we develop a fast information - theoretic bayesian optimisation method , fitbo , that avoids the ←
→ on the impossibility of convex inference in human computation ; human computation or crowdsourcing involves joint inference of the ground - truth - answers and the worker - abilities by optimizing an objective function , for instance , by maximizing the data likelihood based on an assumed underlying model . a variety of methods have been proposed in the literature to address this inference problem . as far as we know , none of the objective functions in existing methods is convex . in machine learning and applied stati ←
→ frequency recognition in ssvep - based bci using multiset canonical correlation analysis ; canonical correlation analysis ( cca ) has been one of the most popular methods for frequency recognition in steady - state visual evoked potential ( ssvep )- based brain - computer interfaces ( bcis ). despite its efficiency , a potential problem is that using pre - constructed sine - cosine waves as the required reference signals in the cca method often does not result in the optimal recognition accuracy due to their lack of featur ←
→ strong consistency of prototype based clustering in probabilistic space ; in this paper we formulate in general terms an approach to prove strong consistency of the empirical risk minimisation inductive principle applied to the prototype or distance based clustering . this approach was motivated by the divisive information - theoretic feature clustering model in probabilistic space with kullback - leibler divergence which may be regarded as a special case within the clustering minimisation framework . also , we pr ←
→ insights from classifying visual concepts with multiple kernel learning ; combining information from various image features has become a standard technique in concept recognition tasks . however , the optimal way of fusing the resulting kernel functions is usually unknown in practical applications . multiple kernel learning ( mkl ) techniques allow to determine an optimal linear combination of such similarity matrices . classical approaches to mkl promote sparse mixtures . unfortunately , so - called 1 - norm mkl varia ←
→ a counter example to theorems of cox and fine ; cox ' s well - known theorem justifying the use of probability is shown not to hold in finite domains . the counterexample also suggests that cox ' s assumptions are insufficient to prove the result even in infinite domains . the same counterexample is used to disprove a result of fine on comparative conditional probability .←
→ time series classification from scratch with deep neural networks : a strong baseline ; we propose a simple but strong baseline for time series classification from scratch with deep neural networks . our proposed baseline models are pure end - to - end without any heavy preprocessing on the raw data or feature crafting . the proposed fully convolutional network ( fcn ) achieves premium performance to other state - of - the - art approaches and our exploration of the very deep neural networks with the resnet structure is ←
→ k - means clustering and ensemble of regressions : an algorithm for the isic 2017 skin lesion segmentation challenge ; this abstract briefly describes a segmentation algorithm developed for the isic 2017 skin lesion detection competition hosted at [ ref ]. the objective of the competition is to perform a segmentation ( in the form of a binary mask image ) of skin lesions in dermoscopic images as close as possible to a segmentation performed by trained clinicians , which is taken as ground truth . this project only ←
→ adversarial images for variational autoencoders ; we investigate adversarial attacks for autoencoders . we propose a procedure that distorts the input image to mislead the autoencoder in reconstructing a completely different target image . we attack the internal latent representations , attempting to make the adversarial input produce an internal representation as similar as possible as the target ' s . we find that autoencoders are much more robust to the attack than classifiers : while some examples have tolerab ←
→ on recursive edit distance kernels with application to time series classification ; this paper proposes some extensions to the work on kernels dedicated to string or time series global alignment based on the aggregation of scores obtained by local alignments . the extensions we propose allow to construct , from classical recursive definition of elastic distances , recursive edit distance ( or time - warp ) kernels that are positive definite if some sufficient conditions are satisfied . the sufficient conditions w ←
→ regret lower bounds and extended upper confidence bounds policies in stochastic multi - armed bandit problem ; this paper is devoted to regret lower bounds in the classical model of stochastic multi - armed bandit . a well - known result of lai and robbins , which has then been extended by burnetas and katehakis , has established the presence of a logarithmic bound for all consistent policies . we relax the notion of consistence , and exhibit a generalisation of the logarithmic bound . we also show the non existence ←
→ variational pseudolikelihood for regularized ising inference ; i propose a variational approach to maximum pseudolikelihood inference of the ising model . the variational algorithm is more computationally efficient , and does a better job predicting out - of - sample correlations than $ l_2 $ regularized maximum pseudolikelihood inference as well as mean field and isolated spin pair approximations with pseudocount regularization . the key to the approach is a variational energy that regularizes the inference problem ←
→ learning policies with external memory ; in order for an agent to perform well in partially observable domains , it is usually necessary for actions to depend on the history of observations . in this paper , we explore a {\ it stigmergic } approach , in which the agent ' s actions include the ability to set and clear bits in an external memory , and the external memory is included as part of the input to the agent . in this case , we need to learn a reactive policy in a highly non - markovian domain . we explore two algo ←
→ a novel block - dct and pca based image perceptual hashing algorithm ; image perceptual hashing finds applications in content indexing , large - scale image database management , certification and authentication and digital watermarking . we propose a block - dct and pca based image perceptual hash in this article and explore the algorithm in the application of tamper detection . the main idea of the algorithm is to integrate color histogram and dct coefficients of image blocks as perceptual feature , then to compress ←
→ artificial intelligence approaches to ucav autonomy ; this paper covers a number of approaches that leverage artificial intelligence algorithms and techniques to aid unmanned combat aerial vehicle ( ucav ) autonomy . an analysis of current approaches to autonomous control is provided followed by an exploration of how these techniques can be extended and enriched with ai techniques including artificial neural networks ( ann ), ensembling and reinforcement learning ( rl ) to evolve control strategies for ucavs .←
→ engineering cooperative smart things based on embodied cognition ; the goal of the internet of things ( iot ) is to transform any thing around us , such as a trash can or a street light , into a smart thing . a smart thing has the ability of sensing , processing , communicating and / or actuating . in order to achieve the goal of a smart iot application , such as minimizing waste transportation costs or reducing energy consumption , the smart things in the application scenario must cooperate with each other without a c ←
→ density modeling of images using a generalized normalization transformation ; we introduce a parametric nonlinear transformation that is well - suited for gaussianizing data from natural images . the data are linearly transformed , and each component is then normalized by a pooled activity measure , computed by exponentiating a weighted sum of rectified and exponentiated components and a constant . we optimize the parameters of the full transformation ( linear transform , exponents , weights , constant ) over a data ←
→ thompson sampling for learning parameterized markov decision processes ; we consider reinforcement learning in parameterized markov decision processes ( mdps ), where the parameterization may induce correlation across transition probabilities or rewards . consequently , observing a particular state transition might yield useful information about other , unobserved , parts of the mdp . we present a version of thompson sampling for parameterized reinforcement learning problems , and derive a frequentist regret bound ←
→ lipschitz bandits : regret lower bounds and optimal algorithms ; we consider stochastic multi - armed bandit problems where the expected reward is a lipschitz function of the arm , and where the set of arms is either discrete or continuous . for discrete lipschitz bandits , we derive asymptotic problem specific lower bounds for the regret satisfied by any algorithm , and propose oslb and ckl - ucb , two algorithms that efficiently exploit the lipschitz structure of the problem . in fact , we prove that oslb is asymptot ←
→ the clac discourse parser at conll - 2016 ; this paper describes our submission " clac " to the conll - 2016 shared task on shallow discourse parsing . we used two complementary approaches for the task . a standard machine learning approach for the parsing of explicit relations , and a deep learning approach for non - explicit relations . overall , our parser achieves an f1 - score of 0 . 2106 on the identification of discourse relations ( 0 . 3110 for explicit relations and 0 . 1219 for non - explicit relations ) on the blind conl ←
→ geometric aspects of multiagent systems ; recent advances in multiagent systems ( mas ) and epistemic logic within distributed systems theory , have used various combinatorial structures that model both the geometry of the systems and the kripke model structure of models for the logic . examining one of the simpler versions of these models , interpreted systems , and the related kripke semantics of the logic $ s5_n $ ( an epistemic logic with $ n $- agents ), the similarities with the geometric / homotopy theoretic stru ←
→ a framework for fast image deconvolution with incomplete observations ; in image deconvolution problems , the diagonalization of the underlying operators by means of the fft usually yields very large speedups . when there are incomplete observations ( e . g ., in the case of unknown boundaries ), standard deconvolution techniques normally involve non - diagonalizable operators , resulting in rather slow methods , or , otherwise , use inexact convolution models , resulting in the occurrence of artifacts in the enhanced im ←
→ approximate probabilistic inference via word - level counting ; hashing - based model counting has emerged as a promising approach for large - scale probabilistic inference on graphical models . a key component of these techniques is the use of xor - based 2 - universal hash functions that operate over boolean domains . many counting problems arising in probabilistic inference are , however , naturally encoded over finite discrete domains . techniques based on bit - level ( or boolean ) hash functions require these problems t ←
→ traffic monitoring using m2m communication ; this paper presents an intelligent traffic monitoring system using wireless vision sensor network that captures and processes the real - time video image to obtain the traffic flow rate and vehicle speeds along different urban roadways . this system will display the traffic states on the front roadways that can guide the drivers to select the right way and avoid potential traffic congestions . on the other hand , it will also monitor the vehicle speeds and store the v ←
→ transfer learning for content - based recommender systems using tree matching ; in this paper we present a new approach to content - based transfer learning for solving the data sparsity problem in cases when the users ' preferences in the target domain are either scarce or unavailable , but the necessary information on the preferences exists in another domain . we show that training a system to use such information across domains can produce better performance . specifically , we represent users ' behavior pattern ←
→ using of heterogeneous corpora for training of an asr system ; the paper summarizes the development of the lvcsr system built as a part of the pashto speech - translation system at the scale ( summer camp for applied language exploration ) 2015 workshop on " speech - to - text - translation for low - resource languages ". the pashto language was chosen as a good " proxy " low - resource language , exhibiting multiple phenomena which make the speech - recognition and and speech - to - text - translation systems development hard . eve ←
→ update strength in edas and aco : how to avoid genetic drift ; we provide a rigorous runtime analysis concerning the update strength , a vital parameter in probabilistic model - building gas such as the step size $ 1 / k $ in the compact genetic algorithm ( cga ) and the evaporation factor $\ rho $ in aco . while a large update strength is desirable for exploitation , there is a general trade - off : too strong updates can lead to genetic drift and poor performance . we demonstrate this trade - off for the cga and a simple mma ←
→ human skin detection using rgb , hsv and ycbcr color models ; human skin detection deals with the recognition of skin - colored pixels and regions in a given image . skin color is often used in human skin detection because it is invariant to orientation and size and is fast to process . a new human skin detection algorithm is proposed in this paper . the three main parameters for recognizing a skin pixel are rgb ( red , green , blue ), hsv ( hue , saturation , value ) and ycbcr ( luminance , chrominance ) color models . the ←
→ evaluation of alzheimer ' s disease by analysis of mr images using multilayer perceptrons and kohonen som classifiers as an alternative to the adc maps ; alzheimer ' s disease is the most common cause of dementia , yet hard to diagnose precisely without invasive techniques , particularly at the onset of the disease . this work approaches image analysis and classification of synthetic multispectral images composed by diffusion - weighted magnetic resonance ( mr ) cerebral images for the evaluation of cerebrospinal ←
→ on training deep boltzmann machines ; the deep boltzmann machine ( dbm ) has been an important development in the quest for powerful " deep " probabilistic models . to date , simultaneous or joint training of all layers of the dbm has been largely unsuccessful with existing training methods . we introduce a simple regularization scheme that encourages the weight vectors associated with each hidden unit to have similar norms . we demonstrate that this regularization can be easily combined with standard stochastic ma ←
→ tnt - a statistical part - of - speech tagger ; trigrams ' n ' tags ( tnt ) is an efficient statistical part - of - speech tagger . contrary to claims found elsewhere in the literature , we argue that a tagger based on markov models performs at least as well as other current approaches , including the maximum entropy framework . a recent comparison has even shown that tnt performs significantly better for the tested corpora . we describe the basic model of tnt , the techniques used for smoothing and for handling unknown words .←
→ deep in - gpu experience replay ; experience replay allows a reinforcement learning agent to train on samples from a large amount of the most recent experiences . a simple in - ram experience replay stores these most recent experiences in a list in ram , and then copies sampled batches to the gpu for training . i moved this list to the gpu , thus creating an in - gpu experience replay , and a training step that no longer has inputs copied from the cpu . i trained an agent to play super smash bros . melee , using internal ←
→ deep markov random field for image modeling ; markov random fields ( mrfs ), a formulation widely used in generative image modeling , have long been plagued by the lack of expressive power . this issue is primarily due to the fact that conventional mrfs formulations tend to use simplistic factors to capture local patterns . in this paper , we move beyond such limitations , and propose a novel mrf model that uses fully - connected neurons to express the complex interactions among pixels . through theoretical analysis ,←
→ constrained 1 - spectral clustering ; an important form of prior information in clustering comes in form of cannot - link and must - link constraints . we present a generalization of the popular spectral clustering technique which integrates such constraints . motivated by the recently proposed $ 1 $- spectral clustering for the unconstrained problem , our method is based on a tight relaxation of the constrained normalized cut into a continuous optimization problem . opposite to all other methods which have been suggest ←
→ justifying answer sets using argumentation ; an answer set is a plain set of literals which has no further structure that would explain why certain literals are part of it and why others are not . we show how argumentation theory can help to explain why a literal is or is not contained in a given answer set by defining two justification methods , both of which make use of the correspondence between answer sets of a logic program and stable extensions of the assumption - based argumentation ( aba ) framework const ←
→ hetesim : a general framework for relevance measure in heterogeneous networks ; similarity search is an important function in many applications , which usually focuses on measuring the similarity between objects with the same type . however , in many scenarios , we need to measure the relatedness between objects with different types . with the surge of study on heterogeneous networks , the relevance measure on objects with different types becomes increasingly important . in this paper , we study the relevance sear ←
→ an approach of improving students academic performance by using k means clustering algorithm and decision tree ; improving students academic performance is not an easy task for the academic community of higher learning . the academic performance of engineering and science students during their first year at university is a turning point in their educational path and usually encroaches on their general point average , gpa in a decisive manner . the students evaluation factors like class quizzes mid and final e ←
→ prediction - constrained topic models for antidepressant recommendation ; supervisory signals can help topic models discover low - dimensional data representations that are more interpretable for clinical tasks . we propose a framework for training supervised latent dirichlet allocation that balances two goals : faithful generative explanations of high - dimensional data and accurate prediction of associated class labels . existing approaches fail to balance these goals by not properly handling a fundamental asymmet ←
→ pigment melanin : pattern for iris recognition ; recognition of iris based on visible light ( vl ) imaging is a difficult problem because of the light reflection from the cornea . nonetheless , pigment melanin provides a rich feature source in vl , unavailable in near - infrared ( nir ) imaging . this is due to biological spectroscopy of eumelanin , a chemical not stimulated in nir . in this case , a plausible solution to observe such patterns may be provided by an adaptive procedure using a variational technique on the ←
→ more bang for your buck : quorum - sensing capabilities improve the efficacy of suicidal altruism ; within the context of evolution , an altruistic act that benefits the receiving individual at the expense of the acting individual is a puzzling phenomenon . an extreme form of altruism can be found in colicinogenic e . coli . these suicidal altruists explode , releasing colicins that kill unrelated individuals , which are not colicin resistant . by committing suicide , the altruist makes it more likely that its kin w ←
→ texture synthesis using convolutional neural networks ; here we introduce a new model of natural textures based on the feature spaces of convolutional neural networks optimised for object recognition . samples from the model are of high perceptual quality demonstrating the generative power of neural networks trained in a purely discriminative fashion . within the model , textures are represented by the correlations between feature maps in several layers of the network . we show that across layers the texture re ←
→ predicting regional classification of levantine ivory sculptures : a machine learning approach ; art historians and archaeologists have long grappled with the regional classification of ancient near eastern ivory carvings . based on the visual similarity of sculptures , individuals within these fields have proposed object assemblages linked to hypothesized regional production centers . using quantitative rather than visual methods , we here approach this classification task by exploiting computational methods ←
→ a model approximation scheme for planning in partially observable stochastic domains ; partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) are a natural model for planning problems where effects of actions are nondeterministic and the state of the world is not completely observable . it is difficult to solve pomdps exactly . this paper proposes a new approximation scheme . the basic idea is to transform a pomdp into another one where additional information is provided by an oracle . the oracle informs the ←
→ stochastic shortest path with energy constraints in pomdps ; we consider partially observable markov decision processes ( pomdps ) with a set of target states and positive integer costs associated with every transition . the traditional optimization objective ( stochastic shortest path ) asks to minimize the expected total cost until the target set is reached . we extend the traditional framework of pomdps to model energy consumption , which represents a hard constraint . the energy levels may increase and decrease ←
→ 10sent : a stable sentiment analysis method based on the combination of off - the - shelf approaches ; sentiment analysis has become a very important tool for analysis of social media data . there are several methods developed for this research field , many of them working very differently from each other , covering distinct aspects of the problem and disparate strategies . despite the large number of existent techniques , there is no single one which fits well in all cases or for all data sources . supervised appro ←
→ a dichotomy for 2 - constraint forbidden csp patterns ; although the csp ( constraint satisfaction problem ) is np - complete , even in the case when all constraints are binary , certain classes of instances are tractable . we study classes of instances defined by excluding subproblems . this approach has recently led to the discovery of novel tractable classes . the complete characterisation of all tractable classes defined by forbidding patterns ( where a pattern is simply a compact representation of a set of subprob ←
→ exploiting functional dependence in bayesian network inference ; we propose an efficient method for bayesian network inference in models with functional dependence . we generalize the multiplicative factorization method originally designed by takikawa and d ambrosio ( 1999 ) for models with independence of causal influence . using a hidden variable , we transform a probability potential into a product of two - dimensional potentials . the multiplicative factorization yields more efficient inference . for example , in ←
→ efficient solution to the 3d problem of automatic wall paintings reassembly ; this paper introduces a new approach for the automated reconstruction - reassembly of fragmented objects having one surface near to plane , on the basis of the 3d representation of their constituent fragments . the whole process starts by 3d scanning of the available fragments . the obtained representations are properly processed so that they can be tested for possible matches . next , four novel criteria are introduced , that lead to ←
→ learning rank reduced interpolation with principal component analysis ; in computer vision most iterative optimization algorithms , both sparse and dense , rely on a coarse and reliable dense initialization to bootstrap their optimization procedure . for example , dense optical flow algorithms profit massively in speed and robustness if they are initialized well in the basin of convergence of the used loss function . the same holds true for methods as sparse feature tracking when initial flow or depth informatio ←
→ convolutional neural networks learn compact local image descriptors ; a standard deep convolutional neural network paired with a suitable loss function learns compact local image descriptors that perform comparably to state - of - the art approaches .←
→ a three - phase search approach for the quadratic minimum spanning tree problem ; given an undirected graph with costs associated with each edge as well as each pair of edges , the quadratic minimum spanning tree problem ( qmstp ) consists of determining a spanning tree of minimum total cost . this problem can be used to model many real - life network design applications , in which both routing and interference costs should be considered . for this problem , we propose a three - phase search approach named tps , which ←
→ revealing the autonomous system taxonomy : the machine learning approach ; although the internet as - level topology has been extensively studied over the past few years , little is known about the details of the as taxonomy . an as " node " can represent a wide variety of organizations , e . g ., large isp , or small private business , university , with vastly different network characteristics , external connectivity patterns , network growth tendencies , and other properties that we can hardly neglect while working on ver ←
→ a game - theoretic approach to design secure and resilient distributed support vector machines ; distributed support vector machines ( dsvm ) have been developed to solve large - scale classification problems in networked systems with a large number of sensors and control units . however , the systems become more vulnerable as detection and defense are increasingly difficult and expensive . this work aims to develop secure and resilient dsvm algorithms under adversarial environments in which an attacker can manipu ←
→ invariant representations for noisy speech recognition ; modern automatic speech recognition ( asr ) systems need to be robust under acoustic variability arising from environmental , speaker , channel , and recording conditions . ensuring such robustness to variability is a challenge in modern day neural network - based asr systems , especially when all types of variability are not seen during training . we attempt to address this problem by encouraging the neural network acoustic model to learn invariant feature rep ←
→ a cost function for similarity - based hierarchical clustering ; the development of algorithms for hierarchical clustering has been hampered by a shortage of precise objective functions . to help address this situation , we introduce a simple cost function on hierarchies over a set of points , given pairwise similarities between those points . we show that this criterion behaves sensibly in canonical instances and that it admits a top - down construction procedure with a provably good approximation ratio .←
→ convolutional network for attribute - driven and identity - preserving human face generation ; this paper focuses on the problem of generating human face pictures from specific attributes . the existing cnn - based face generation models , however , either ignore the identity of the generated face or fail to preserve the identity of the reference face image . here we address this problem from the view of optimization , and suggest an optimization model to generate human face with the given attributes while keeping t ←
→ fast k nearest neighbor search using gpu ; the recent improvements of graphics processing units ( gpu ) offer to the computer vision community a powerful processing platform . indeed , a lot of highly - parallelizable computer vision problems can be significantly accelerated using gpu architecture . among these algorithms , the k nearest neighbor search ( knn ) is a well - known problem linked with many applications such as classification , estimation of statistical properties , etc . the main drawback of this task lies i ←
→ hybrid learning of optical flow and next frame prediction to boost optical flow in the wild ; cnn - based optical flow estimation has attracted attention recently , mainly due to its impressively high frame rates . these networks perform well on synthetic datasets , but they are still far behind the classical methods in real - world videos . this is because there is no ground truth optical flow for training these networks on real data . in this paper , we boost cnn - based optical flow estimation in real scenes with ←
→ self - attentive residual decoder for neural machine translation ; neural sequence - to - sequence networks with attention have achieved remarkable performance for machine translation . one of the reasons for their effectiveness is their ability to capture relevant source - side contextual information at each time - step prediction through an attention mechanism . however , the target - side context is solely based on the sequence model which , in practice , is prone to a recency bias and lacks the ability to capture effect ←
→ growing regression forests by classification : applications to object pose estimation ; in this work , we propose a novel node splitting method for regression trees and incorporate it into the regression forest framework . unlike traditional binary splitting , where the splitting rule is selected from a predefined set of binary splitting rules via trial - and - error , the proposed node splitting method first finds clusters of the training data which at least locally minimize the empirical loss without considering ←
→ computing sets of graded attribute implications with witnessed non - redundancy ; in this paper we extend our previous results on sets of graded attribute implications with witnessed non - redundancy . we assume finite residuated lattices as structures of truth degrees and use arbitrary idempotent truth - stressing linguistic hedges as parameters which influence the semantics of graded attribute implications . in this setting , we introduce algorithm which transforms any set of graded attribute implications into a ←
→ a machine learning perspective on predictive coding with paq ; paq8 is an open source lossless data compression algorithm that currently achieves the best compression rates on many benchmarks . this report presents a detailed description of paq8 from a statistical machine learning perspective . it shows that it is possible to understand some of the modules of paq8 and use this understanding to improve the method . however , intuitive statistical explanations of the behavior of other modules remain elusive . we h ←
→ pac - bayes iterated logarithm bounds for martingale mixtures ; we give tight concentration bounds for mixtures of martingales that are simultaneously uniform over ( a ) mixture distributions , in a pac - bayes sense ; and ( b ) all finite times . these bounds are proved in terms of the martingale variance , extending classical bernstein inequalities , and sharpening and simplifying prior work .←
→ parallel computation is ess ; there are enormous amount of examples of computation in nature , exemplified across multiple species in biology . one crucial aim for these computations across all life forms their ability to learn and thereby increase the chance of their survival . in the current paper a formal definition of autonomous learning is proposed . from that definition we establish a turing machine model for learning , where rule tables can be added or deleted , but can not be modified . sequential and para ←
→ evolution of the modern phase of written bangla : a statistical study ; active languages such as bangla ( or bengali ) evolve over time due to a variety of social , cultural , economic , and political issues . in this paper , we analyze the change in the written form of the modern phase of bangla quantitatively in terms of character - level , syllable - level , morpheme - level and word - level features . we collect three different types of corpora --- classical , newspapers and blogs --- and test whether the differences in their ←
→ simple method to eliminate blur based on lane and bates algorithm ; a simple search method for finding a blur convolved in a given image is presented . the method can be easily extended to a large blur . the method has been experimentally tested with a model blurred image .←
→ deep networks for image super - resolution with sparse prior ; deep learning techniques have been successfully applied in many areas of computer vision , including low - level image restoration problems . for image super - resolution , several models based on deep neural networks have been recently proposed and attained superior performance that overshadows all previous handcrafted models . the question then arises whether large - capacity and data - driven models have become the dominant solution to the ill - posed super -←
→ semantic image synthesis via adversarial learning ; in this paper , we propose a way of synthesizing realistic images directly with natural language description , which has many useful applications , e . g . intelligent image manipulation . we attempt to accomplish such synthesis : given a source image and a target text description , our model synthesizes images to meet two requirements : 1 ) being realistic while matching the target text description ; 2 ) maintaining other image features that are irrelevant to the text ←
→ quality resilient deep neural networks ; we study deep neural networks for classification of images with quality distortions . we first show that networks fine - tuned on distorted data greatly outperform the original networks when tested on distorted data . however , fine - tuned networks perform poorly on quality distortions that they have not been trained for . we propose a mixture of experts ensemble method that is robust to different types of distortions . the " experts " in our model are trained on a particular ←
→ improving interpretability of deep neural networks with semantic information ; interpretability of deep neural networks ( dnns ) is essential since it enables users to understand the overall strengths and weaknesses of the models , conveys an understanding of how the models will behave in the future , and how to diagnose and correct potential problems . however , it is challenging to reason about what a dnn actually does due to its opaque or black - box nature . to address this issue , we propose a novel technique ←
→ d - optimal bayesian interrogation for parameter and noise identification of recurrent neural networks ; we introduce a novel online bayesian method for the identification of a family of noisy recurrent neural networks ( rnns ). we develop bayesian active learning technique in order to optimize the interrogating stimuli given past experiences . in particular , we consider the unknown parameters as stochastic variables and use the d - optimality principle , also known as `\ emph { infomax method }', to choose optimal s ←
→ learning from ambiguously labeled face images ; learning a classifier from ambiguously labeled face images is challenging since training images are not always explicitly - labeled . for instance , face images of two persons in a news photo are not explicitly labeled by their names in the caption . we propose a matrix completion for ambiguity resolution ( mcar ) method for predicting the actual labels from ambiguously labeled images . this step is followed by learning a standard supervised classifier from the disamb ←
→ bayesian two - sample tests ; in this paper , we present two classes of bayesian approaches to the two - sample problem . our first class of methods extends the bayesian t - test to include all parametric models in the exponential family and their conjugate priors . our second class of methods uses dirichlet process mixtures ( dpm ) of such conjugate - exponential distributions as flexible nonparametric priors over the unknown distributions .←
→ adaptive laplace mechanism : differential privacy preservation in deep learning ; in this paper , we focus on developing a novel mechanism to preserve differential privacy in deep neural networks , such that : ( 1 ) the privacy budget consumption is totally independent of the number of training steps ; ( 2 ) it has the ability to adaptively inject noise into features based on the contribution of each to the output ; and ( 3 ) it could be applied in a variety of different deep neural networks . to achieve this , we figu ←
→ combining multiscale features for classification of hyperspectral images : a sequence based kernel approach ; nowadays , hyperspectral image classification widely copes with spatial information to improve accuracy . one of the most popular way to integrate such information is to extract hierarchical features from a multiscale segmentation . in the classification context , the extracted features are commonly concatenated into a long vector ( also called stacked vector ), on which is applied a conventional vector -←
→ the consistency principle for a digitization procedure . an algorithm for building normal digital spaces of continuous n - dimensional objects ; this paper considers conditions , which allow to preserve important topological and geometric properties in the process of digitization . for this purpose , we introduce a triplet { c , m , d } consisting of a continuous object c , an intermediate model m , which is a collection of subregions whose union is c , a digital model d , which is the intersection graph of m , and apply ←
→ distributing knowledge into simple bases ; understanding the behavior of belief change operators for fragments of classical logic has received increasing interest over the last years . results in this direction are mainly concerned with adapting representation theorems . however , fragment - driven belief change also leads to novel research questions . in this paper we propose the concept of belief distribution , which can be understood as the reverse task of merging . more specifically , we are interested in the fo ←
→ space - time graph modeling of ride requests based on real - world data ; this paper focuses on modeling ride requests and their variations over location and time , based on analyzing extensive real - world data from a ride - sharing service . we introduce a graph model that captures the spatial and temporal variability of ride requests and the potentials for ride pooling . we discover these ride request graphs exhibit a well known property called densification power law often found in real graphs modelling human beha ←
→ dual deep network for visual tracking ; visual tracking addresses the problem of identifying and localizing an unknown target in a video given the target specified by a bounding box in the first frame . in this paper , we propose a dual network to better utilize features among layers for visual tracking . it is observed that features in higher layers encode semantic context while its counterparts in lower layers are sensitive to discriminative appearance . thus we exploit the hierarchical features in different ←
→ neural skill transfer from supervised language tasks to reading comprehension ; reading comprehension is a challenging task in natural language processing and requires a set of skills to be solved . while current approaches focus on solving the task as a whole , in this paper , we propose to use a neural network ` skill ' transfer approach . we transfer knowledge from several lower - level language tasks ( skills ) including textual entailment , named entity recognition , paraphrase detection and question type classi ←
→ artificial neural networks for beginners ; the scope of this teaching package is to make a brief induction to artificial neural networks ( anns ) for people who have no previous knowledge of them . we first make a brief introduction to models of networks , for then describing in general terms anns . as an application , we explain the backpropagation algorithm , since it is widely used and many other algorithms are derived from it . the user should know algebra and the handling of functions and vectors . differential ←
→ towards using social media to identify individuals at risk for preventable chronic illness ; we describe a strategy for the acquisition of training data necessary to build a social - media - driven early detection system for individuals at risk for ( preventable ) type 2 diabetes mellitus ( t2dm ). the strategy uses a game - like quiz with data and questions acquired semi - automatically from twitter . the questions are designed to inspire participant engagement and collect relevant data to train a public - health model ←
→ multi - sensor event detection using shape histograms ; vehicular sensor data consists of multiple time - series arising from a number of sensors . using such multi - sensor data we would like to detect occurrences of specific events that vehicles encounter , e . g ., corresponding to particular maneuvers that a vehicle makes or conditions that it encounters . events are characterized by similar waveform patterns re - appearing within one or more sensors . further such patterns can be of variable duration . in this work , w ←
→ mining the web for the voice of the herd to track stock market bubbles ; we show that power - law analyses of financial commentaries from newspaper web - sites can be used to identify stock market bubbles , supplementing traditional volatility analyses . using a four - year corpus of 17 , 713 online , finance - related articles ( 10m + words ) from the financial times , the new york times , and the bbc , we show that week - to - week changes in power - law distributions reflect market movements of the dow jones industrial average (←
→ webvision challenge : visual learning and understanding with web data ; we present the 2017 webvision challenge , a public image recognition challenge designed for deep learning based on web images without instance - level human annotation . following the spirit of previous vision challenges , such as ilsvrc , places2 and pascal voc , which have played critical roles in the development of computer vision by contributing to the community with large scale annotated data for model designing and standardized benchmarki ←
→ a fast algorithm and datalog inexpressibility for temporal reasoning ; we introduce a new tractable temporal constraint language , which strictly contains the ord - horn language of buerkert and nebel and the class of and / or precedence constraints . the algorithm we present for this language decides whether a given set of constraints is consistent in time that is quadratic in the input size . we also prove that ( unlike ord - horn ) this language cannot be solved by datalog or by establishing local consistency .←
→ stackinsights : cognitive learning for hybrid cloud readiness ; hybrid cloud is an integrated cloud computing environment utilizing a mix of public cloud , private cloud , and on - premise traditional it infrastructures . workload awareness , defined as a detailed full range understanding of each individual workload , is essential in implementing the hybrid cloud . while it is critical to perform an accurate analysis to determine which workloads are appropriate for on - premise deployment versus which workloads can be ←
→ space and camera path reconstruction for omni - directional vision ; in this paper , we address the inverse problem of reconstructing a scene as well as the camera motion from the image sequence taken by an omni - directional camera . our structure from motion results give sharp conditions under which the reconstruction is unique . for example , if there are three points in general position and three omni - directional cameras in general position , a unique reconstruction is possible up to a similarity . we then look a ←
→ efficient two - stream motion and appearance 3d cnns for video classification ; the video and action classification have extremely evolved by deep neural networks specially with two stream cnn using rgb and optical flow as inputs and they present outstanding performance in terms of video analysis . one of the shortcoming of these methods is handling motion information extraction which is done out side of the cnns and relatively time consuming also on gpus . so proposing end - to - end methods which are exploring ←
→ order - consistent programs are cautiously monotonic ; some normal logic programs under the answer set ( stable model ) semantics lack the appealing property of " cautious monotonicity ." that is , augmenting a program with one of its consequences may cause it to lose another of its consequences . the syntactic condition of " order - consistency " was shown by fages to guarantee existence of an answer set . this note establishes that order - consistent programs are not only consistent , but cautiously monotonic . from thi ←
→ semi - supervised classification for dynamic android malware detection ; a growing number of threats to android phones creates challenges for malware detection . manually labeling the samples into benign or different malicious families requires tremendous human efforts , while it is comparably easy and cheap to obtain a large amount of unlabeled apks from various sources . moreover , the fast - paced evolution of android malware continuously generates derivative malware families . these families often contain new si ←
→ an a priori exponential tail bound for k - folds cross - validation ; we consider a priori generalization bounds developed in terms of cross - validation estimates and the stability of learners . in particular , we first derive an exponential efron - stein type tail inequality for the concentration of a general function of n independent random variables . next , under some reasonable notion of stability , we use this exponential tail bound to analyze the concentration of the k - fold cross - validation ( kfcv ) estimate aroun ←
→ on the notion of cognition ; we discuss philosophical issues concerning the notion of cognition basing ourselves in experimental results in cognitive sciences , especially in computer simulations of cognitive systems . there have been debates on the " proper " approach for studying cognition , but we have realized that all approaches can be in theory equivalent . different approaches model different properties of cognitive systems from different perspectives , so we can only learn from all of them . we also integra ←
→ approximation algorithms for cascading prediction models ; we present an approximation algorithm that takes a pool of pre - trained models as input and produces from it a cascaded model with similar accuracy but lower average - case cost . applied to state - of - the - art imagenet classification models , this yields up to a 2x reduction in floating point multiplications , and up to a 6x reduction in average - case memory i / o . the auto - generated cascades exhibit intuitive properties , such as using lower - resolution input f ←
→ k - means is a variational em approximation of gaussian mixture models ; we show that k - means ( lloyd ' s algorithm ) is equivalent to a variational em approximation of a gaussian mixture model ( gmm ) with isotropic gaussians . the k - means algorithm is obtained if truncated posteriors are used as variational distributions . in contrast to the standard way to relate k - means and gmms , we show that it is not required to consider the limit case of gaussians with zero variance . there are a number of consequences followin ←
→ learning to divide and conquer for online multi - target tracking ; online multiple target tracking ( mtt ) is often addressed within the tracking - by - detection paradigm . detections are previously extracted independently in each frame and then objects trajectories are built by maximizing specifically designed coherence functions . nevertheless , ambiguities arise in presence of occlusions or detection errors . in this paper we claim that the ambiguities in tracking could be solved by a selective use of the features ←
→ distantly supervised road segmentation ; we present an approach for road segmentation that only requires image - level annotations at training time . we leverage distant supervision , which allows us to train our model using images that are different from the target domain . using large publicly available image databases as distant supervisors , we develop a simple method to automatically generate weak pixel - wise road masks . these are used to iteratively train a fully convolutional neural network , which produces ←
→ interpreting cnns via decision trees ; this paper presents a method to learn a decision tree to quantitatively explain the logic of each prediction of a pre - trained convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). our method boosts the following two aspects of network interpretability . 1 ) in the cnn , each filter in a high conv - layer must represent a specific object part , instead of describing mixed patterns without clear meanings . 2 ) people can explain each specific prediction made by the cnn at the semantic level usi ←
→ optical flow on evolving surfaces with an application to the analysis of 4d microscopy data ; we extend the concept of optical flow to a dynamic non - euclidean setting . optical flow is traditionally computed from a sequence of flat images . it is the purpose of this paper to introduce variational motion estimation for images that are defined on an evolving surface . volumetric microscopy images depicting a live zebrafish embryo serve as both biological motivation and test data .←
→ deepcoder : semi - parametric variational autoencoders for automatic facial action coding ; human face exhibits an inherent hierarchy in its representations ( i . e ., holistic facial expressions can be encoded via a set of facial action units ( aus ) and their intensity ). variational ( deep ) auto - encoders ( vae ) have shown great results in unsupervised extraction of hierarchical latent representations from large amounts of image data , while being robust to noise and other undesired artifacts . potentially , this make ←
→ learning the structure of dynamic probabilistic networks ; dynamic probabilistic networks are a compact representation of complex stochastic processes . in this paper we examine how to learn the structure of a dpn from data . we extend structure scoring rules for standard probabilistic networks to the dynamic case , and show how to search for structure when some of the variables are hidden . finally , we examine two applications where such a technology might be useful : predicting and classifying dynamic behavior ←
→ emlam -- a hungarian language modeling baseline ; this paper aims to make up for the lack of documented baselines for hungarian language modeling . various approaches are evaluated on three publicly available hungarian corpora . perplexity values comparable to models of similar - sized english corpora are reported . a new , freely downloadable hungar - ian benchmark corpus is introduced .←
→ transfer learning for music classification and regression tasks ; in this paper , we present a transfer learning approach for music classification and regression tasks . we propose to use a pre - trained convnet feature , a concatenated feature vector using the activations of feature maps of multiple layers in a trained convolutional network . we show how this convnet feature can serve as general - purpose music representation . in the experiments , a convnet is trained for music tagging and then transferred to other ←
→ the many faces of optimism - extended version ; the exploration - exploitation dilemma has been an intriguing and unsolved problem within the framework of reinforcement learning . " optimism in the face of uncertainty " and model building play central roles in advanced exploration methods . here , we integrate several concepts and obtain a fast and simple algorithm . we show that the proposed algorithm finds a near - optimal policy in polynomial time , and give experimental evidence that it is robust and efficient com ←
→ alternative characterizations for strong equivalence of logic programs ; in this work we present additional results related to the property of strong equivalence of logic programs . this property asserts that two programs share the same set of stable models , even under the addition of new rules . as shown in a recent work by lifschitz , pearce and valverde , strong equivalence can be simply reduced to equivalence in the logic of here - and - there ( ht ). in this paper we provide two alternatives respectively based o ←
→ diffusion - geometric maximally stable component detection in deformable shapes ; maximally stable component detection is a very popular method for feature analysis in images , mainly due to its low computation cost and high repeatability . with the recent advance of feature - based methods in geometric shape analysis , there is significant interest in finding analogous approaches in the 3d world . in this paper , we formulate a diffusion - geometric framework for stable component detection in non - rigid 3d shapes , w ←
→ learning to navigate by growing deep networks ; adaptability is central to autonomy . intuitively , for high - dimensional learning problems such as navigating based on vision , internal models with higher complexity allow to accurately encode the information available . however , most learning methods rely on models with a fixed structure and complexity . in this paper , we present a self - supervised framework for robots to learn to navigate , without any prior knowledge of the environment , by incrementally building ←
→ vector field based neural networks ; a novel neural network architecture is proposed using the mathematically and physically rich idea of vector fields as hidden layers to perform nonlinear transformations in the data . the data points are interpreted as particles moving along a flow defined by the vector field which intuitively represents the desired movement to enable classification . the architecture moves the data points from their original configuration to anew one following the streamlines of the vector ←
→ suboptimal solution path algorithm for support vector machine ; we consider a suboptimal solution path algorithm for the support vector machine . the solution path algorithm is an effective tool for solving a sequence of a parametrized optimization problems in machine learning . the path of the solutions provided by this algorithm are very accurate and they satisfy the optimality conditions more strictly than other svm optimization algorithms . in many machine learning application , however , this strict optimal ←
→ gradient - based laplacian feature selection ; analysis of high dimensional noisy data is of essence across a variety of research fields . feature selection techniques are designed to find the relevant feature subset that can facilitate classification or pattern detection . traditional ( supervised ) feature selection methods utilize label information to guide the identification of relevant feature subsets . in this paper , however , we consider the unsupervised feature selection problem . without the label informati ←
→ tartan : accelerating fully - connected and convolutional layers in deep learning networks by exploiting numerical precision variability ; tartan ( trt ), a hardware accelerator for inference with deep neural networks ( dnns ), is presented and evaluated on convolutional neural networks . trt exploits the variable per layer precision requirements of dnns to deliver execution time that is proportional to the precision p in bits used per layer for convolutional and fully - connected layers . prior art has demonstrated ←
→ a generative deep recurrent model for exchangeable data ; we present a novel model architecture which leverages deep learning tools to perform exact bayesian inference on sets of high dimensional , complex observations . our model is provably exchangeable , meaning that the joint distribution over observations is invariant under permutation : this property lies at the heart of bayesian inference . the model does not require variational approximations to train , and new samples can be generated conditional on prev ←
→ enhancing the retrieval performance by combing the texture and edge features ; in this paper , anew algorithm which is based on geometrical moments and local binary patterns ( lbp ) for content based image retrieval ( cbir ) is proposed . in geometrical moments , each vector is compared with the all other vectors for edge map generation . the same concept is utilized at lbp calculation which is generating nine lbp patterns from a given 3x3 pattern . finally , nine lbp histograms are calculated which are used as a f ←
→ multimodal memory modelling for video captioning ; video captioning which automatically translates video clips into natural language sentences is a very important task in computer vision . by virtue of recent deep learning technologies , e . g ., convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) and recurrent neural networks ( rnns ), video captioning has made great progress . however , learning an effective mapping from visual sequence space to language space is still a challenging problem . in this paper , we propose a multimoda ←
→ neuro - symbolic program synthesis ; recent years have seen the proposal of a number of neural architectures for the problem of program induction . given a set of input - output examples , these architectures are able to learn mappings that generalize to new test inputs . while achieving impressive results , these approaches have a number of important limitations : ( a ) they are computationally expensive and hard to train , ( b ) a model has to be trained for each task ( program ) separately , and ( c ) it is hard to interpr ←
→ the role of context selection in object detection ; we investigate the reasons why context in object detection has limited utility by isolating and evaluating the predictive power of different context cues under ideal conditions in which context provided by an oracle . based on this study , we propose a region - based context re - scoring method with dynamic context selection to remove noise and emphasize informative context . we introduce latent indicator variables to select ( or ignore ) potential contextual regio ←
→ multi - task self - supervised visual learning ; we investigate methods for combining multiple self - supervised tasks -- i . e ., supervised tasks where data can be collected without manual labeling -- in order to train a single visual representation . first , we provide an apples - to - apples comparison of four different self - supervised tasks using the very deep resnet - 101 architecture . we then combine tasks to jointly train a network . we also explore lasso regularization to encourage the network to factorize the informati ←
→ intelligent search of correlated alarms for gsm networks with model - based constraints ; in order to control the process of data mining and focus on the things of interest to us , many kinds of constraints have been added into the algorithms of data mining . however , discovering the correlated alarms in the alarm database needs deep domain constraints . because the correlated alarms greatly depend on the logical and physical architecture of networks . thus we use the network model as the constraints of algorit ←
→ countering adversarial images using input transformations ; this paper investigates strategies that defend against adversarial - example attacks on image - classification systems by transforming the inputs before feeding them to the system . specifically , we study applying image transformations such as bit - depth reduction , jpeg compression , total variance minimization , and image quilting before feeding the image to a convolutional network classifier . our experiments on imagenet show that total variance minimizat ←
→ finding a most biased coin with fewest flips ; we study the problem of learning a most biased coin among a set of coins by tossing the coins adaptively . the goal is to minimize the number of tosses until we identify a coin i * whose posterior probability of being most biased is at least 1 - delta for a given delta . under a particular probabilistic model , we give an optimal algorithm , i . e ., an algorithm that minimizes the expected number of future tosses . the problem is closely related to finding the best arm i ←
→ feedforward neural networks with diffused nonlinear weight functions ; in this paper , feedforward neural networks are presented that have nonlinear weight functions based on look -- up tables , that are specially smoothed in a regularization called the diffusion . the idea of such a type of networks is based on the hypothesis that the greater number of adaptive parameters per a weight function might reduce the total number of the weight functions needed to solve a given problem . then , if the computational compl ←
→ stretching domain adaptation : how far is too far ? ; while deep learning has led to significant advances in visual recognition over the past few years , such advances often require a lot of annotated data . while unsupervised domain adaptation has emerged as an alternative approach that doesn ' t require as much annotated data , prior evaluations of domain adaptation have been limited to relatively simple datasets . this work pushes the state of the art in unsupervised domain adaptation through an in depth evaluat ←
→ digital ecosystems : evolving service - oriented architectures ; we view digital ecosystems to be the digital counterparts of biological ecosystems , exploiting the self - organising properties of biological ecosystems , which are considered to be robust , self - organising and scalable architectures that can automatically solve complex , dynamic problems . digital ecosystems are a novel optimisation technique where the optimisation works at two levels : a first optimisation , migration of agents ( representing services ) ←
→ efficiency analysis of asp encodings for sequential pattern mining tasks ; this article presents the use of answer set programming ( asp ) to mine sequential patterns . asp is a high - level declarative logic programming paradigm for high level encoding combinatorial and optimization problem solving as well as knowledge representation and reasoning . thus , asp is a good candidate for implementing pattern mining with background knowledge , which has been a data mining issue for a long time . we propose encodings of ←
→ submodular trajectory optimization for aerial 3d scanning ; drones equipped with cameras are emerging as a powerful tool for large - scale aerial 3d scanning , but existing automatic flight planners do not exploit all available information about the scene , and can therefore produce inaccurate and incomplete 3d models . we present an automatic method to generate drone trajectories , such that the imagery acquired during the flight will later produce a high - fidelity 3d model . our method uses a coarse estimate of t ←
→ refinement and coarsening of bayesian networks ; in almost all situation assessment problems , it is useful to dynamically contract and expand the states under consideration as assessment proceeds . contraction is most often used to combine similar events or low probability events together in order to reduce computation . expansion is most often used to make distinctions of interest which have significant probability in order to improve the quality of the assessment . although other uncertainty calculi , notably ←
→ scalable peaceman - rachford splitting method with proximal terms ; along with developing of peaceman - rachford splittling method ( prsm ), many batch algorithms based on it have been studied very deeply . but almost no algorithm focused on the performance of stochastic version of prsm . in this paper , we propose a new stochastic algorithm based on prsm , prove its convergence rate in ergodic sense , and test its performance on both artificial and real data . we show that our proposed algorithm , stochastic scalable p ←
→ actin - technical report ; the boolean satisfiability problem ( sat ) can be solved efficiently with variants of the dpll algorithm . for industrial sat problems , dpll with conflict analysis dependent dynamic decision heuristics has proved to be particularly efficient , e . g . in chaff . in this work , algorithms that initialize the variable activity values in the solver minisat v1 . 14 by analyzing the cnf are evolved using genetic programming ( gp ), with the goal to reduce the total number of conflicts of the search ←
→ reconstruction of hidden representation for robust feature extraction ; this paper aims to develop a new and robust approach to feature representation . motivated by the success of auto - encoders , we first theoretical summarize the general properties of all algorithms that are based on traditional auto - encoders : 1 ) the reconstruction error of the input or corrupted input can not be lower than a lower bound , which can be viewed as a guiding principle for reconstructing the input or corrupted input . 2 ) the reco ←
→ spcoslam 2 . 0 : an improved and scalable online learning of spatial concepts and language models with mapping ; in this paper , we propose a novel online learning algorithm , spcoslam 2 . 0 for spatial concepts and lexical acquisition with higher accuracy and scalability . in previous work , we proposed spcoslam as an online learning algorithm based on the rao -- blackwellized particle filter . however , this conventional algorithm had problems such as the decrease of the estimation accuracy due to the influence of t ←
→ logic programs with propositional connectives and aggregates ; answer set programming ( asp ) is a logic programming paradigm that can be used to solve complex combinatorial search problems . aggregates are an asp construct that plays an important role in many applications . defining a satisfactory semantics of aggregates turned out to be a difficult problem , and in this paper we propose a new approach , based on an analogy between aggregates and propositional connectives . first , we extend the definition of an a ←
→ integrating k - means with quadratic programming feature selection ; several data mining problems are characterized by data in high dimensions . one of the popular ways to reduce the dimensionality of the data is to perform feature selection , i . e , select a subset of relevant and non - redundant features . recently , quadratic programming feature selection ( qpfs ) has been proposed which formulates the feature selection problem as a quadratic program . it has been shown to outperform many of the existing feature sele ←
→ reconstruction of word embeddings from sub - word parameters ; pre - trained word embeddings improve the performance of a neural model at the cost of increasing the model size . we propose to benefit from this resource without paying the cost by operating strictly at the sub - lexical level . our approach is quite simple : before task - specific training , we first optimize sub - word parameters to reconstruct pre - trained word embeddings using various distance measures . we report interesting results on a variety of tasks ←
→ synthesis of gaussian trees with correlation sign ambiguity : an information theoretic approach ; in latent gaussian trees the pairwise correlation signs between the variables are intrinsically unrecoverable . such information is vital since it completely determines the direction in which two variables are associated . in this work , we resort to information theoretical approaches to achieve two fundamental goals : first , we quantify the amount of information loss due to unrecoverable sign information . second ,←
→ adaptive real - time removal of impulse noise in medical images ; noise is an important factor that degrades the quality of medical images . impulse noise is a common noise , which is caused by malfunctioning of sensor elements or errors in the transmission of images . in medical images due to presence of white foreground and black background , many pixels have intensities similar to impulse noise and distinction between noisy and regular pixels is difficult . in software techniques , the accuracy of the noise remo ←
→ evolving pacing strategies for team pursuit track cycling ; team pursuit track cycling is a bicycle racing sport held on velodromes and is part of the summer olympics . it involves the use of strategies to minimize the overall time that a team of cyclists needs to complete a race . we present an optimisation framework for team pursuit track cycling and show how to evolve strategies using metaheuristics for this interesting real - world problem . our experimental results show that these heuristics lead to signifi ←
→ deep manifold traversal : changing labels with convolutional features ; many tasks in computer vision can be cast as a " label changing " problem , where the goal is to make a semantic change to the appearance of an image or some subject in an image in order to alter the class membership . although successful task - specific methods have been developed for some label changing applications , to date no general purpose method exists . motivated by this we propose deep manifold traversal , a method that addresses the pr ←
→ hybrid metaheuristics for the clustered vehicle routing problem ; the clustered vehicle routing problem ( cluvrp ) is a variant of the capacitated vehicle routing problem in which customers are grouped into clusters . each cluster has to be visited once , and a vehicle entering a cluster cannot leave it until all customers have been visited . this article presents two alternative hybrid metaheuristic algorithms for the cluvrp . the first algorithm is based on an iterated local search algorithm , in which only feas ←
→ speeding up the binary gaussian process classification ; gaussian processes ( gp ) are attractive building blocks for many probabilistic models . their drawbacks , however , are the rapidly increasing inference time and memory requirement alongside increasing data . the problem can be alleviated with compactly supported ( cs ) covariance functions , which produce sparse covariance matrices that are fast in computations and cheap to store . cs functions have previously been used in gp regression but here the focus is ←
→ deep k - nearest neighbors : towards confident , interpretable and robust deep learning ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) enable innovative applications of machine learning like image recognition , machine translation , or malware detection . however , deep learning is often criticized for its lack of robustness in adversarial settings ( e . g ., vulnerability to adversarial inputs ) and general inability to rationalize its predictions . in this work , we exploit the structure of deep learning to enable new learning - based i ←
→ external evaluation of event extraction classifiers for automatic pathway curation : an extended study of the mtor pathway ; this paper evaluates the impact of various event extraction systems on automatic pathway curation using the popular mtor pathway . we quantify the impact of training data sets as well as different machine learning classifiers and show that some improve the quality of automatically extracted pathways .←
→ detection of moving object in dynamic background using gaussian max - pooling and segmentation constrained rpca ; due to its efficiency and stability , robust principal component analysis ( rpca ) has been emerging as a promising tool for moving object detection . unfortunately , existing rpca based methods assume static or quasi - static background , and thereby they may have trouble in coping with the background scenes that exhibit a persistent dynamic behavior . in this work , we shall introduce two techniques to ←
→ a neural representation of sketch drawings ; we present sketch - rnn , a recurrent neural network ( rnn ) able to construct stroke - based drawings of common objects . the model is trained on thousands of crude human - drawn images representing hundreds of classes . we outline a framework for conditional and unconditional sketch generation , and describe new robust training methods for generating coherent sketch drawings in a vector format .←
→ musicmood : predicting the mood of music from song lyrics using machine learning ; sentiment prediction of contemporary music can have a wide - range of applications in modern society , for instance , selecting music for public institutions such as hospitals or restaurants to potentially improve the emotional well - being of personnel , patients , and customers , respectively . in this project , music recommendation system built upon on a naive bayes classifier , trained to predict the sentiment of songs based on song ←
→ mathematical foundations of matrix syntax ; matrix syntax is a formal model of syntactic relations in language . the purpose of this paper is to explain its mathematical foundations , for an audience with some formal background . we make an axiomatic presentation , motivating each axiom on linguistic and practical grounds . the resulting mathematical structure resembles some aspects of quantum mechanics . matrix syntax allows us to describe a number of language phenomena that are otherwise very difficult to expla ←
→ radar shadow detection in sar images using dem and projections ; synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) images are widely used in target recognition tasks nowadays . in this letter , we propose an automatic approach for radar shadow detection and extraction from sar images utilizing geometric projections along with the digital elevation model ( dem ) which corresponds to the given geo - referenced sar image . first , the dem is rotated into the radar geometry so that each row would match that of a radar line of sight . next ←
→ object detection via a multi - region & semantic segmentation - aware cnn model ; we propose an object detection system that relies on a multi - region deep convolutional neural network ( cnn ) that also encodes semantic segmentation - aware features . the resulting cnn - based representation aims at capturing a diverse set of discriminative appearance factors and exhibits localization sensitivity that is essential for accurate object localization . we exploit the above properties of our recognition module by integrati ←
→ dynamic clustering via asymptotics of the dependent dirichlet process mixture ; this paper presents a novel algorithm , based upon the dependent dirichlet process mixture model ( ddpmm ), for clustering batch - sequential data containing an unknown number of evolving clusters . the algorithm is derived via a low - variance asymptotic analysis of the gibbs sampling algorithm for the ddpmm , and provides a hard clustering with convergence guarantees similar to those of the k - means algorithm . empirical results from a ←
→ online object tracking , learning and parsing with and - or graphs ; this paper presents a method , called aogtracker , for simultaneously tracking , learning and parsing ( tlp ) of unknown objects in video sequences with a hierarchical and compositional and - or graph ( aog ) representation . % the aog captures both structural and appearance variations of a target object in a principled way . the tlp method is formulated in the bayesian framework with a spatial and a temporal dynamic programming ( dp ) algorithms inferring ←
→ thompson sampling in switching environments with bayesian online change point detection ; thompson sampling has recently been shown to be optimal in the bernoulli multi - armed bandit setting [ kaufmann et al ., 2012 ]. this bandit problem assumes stationary distributions for the rewards . it is often unrealistic to model the real world as a stationary distribution . in this paper we derive and evaluate algorithms using thompson sampling for a switching multi - armed bandit problem . we propose a thompson sampling s ←
→ towards storytelling from visual lifelogging : an overview ; visual lifelogging consists of acquiring images that capture the daily experiences of the user by wearing a camera over a long period of time . the pictures taken offer considerable potential for knowledge mining concerning how people live their lives , hence , they open up new opportunities for many potential applications in fields including healthcare , security , leisure and the quantified self . however , automatically building a story from a huge col ←
→ seeing through the human reporting bias : visual classifiers from noisy human - centric labels ; when human annotators are given a choice about what to label in an image , they apply their own subjective judgments on what to ignore and what to mention . we refer to these noisy " human - centric " annotations as exhibiting human reporting bias . examples of such annotations include image tags and keywords found on photo sharing sites , or in datasets containing image captions . in this paper , we use these noisy annota ←
→ positivity and transportation ; we prove in this paper that the weighted volume of the set of integral transportation matrices between two integral histograms r and c of equal sum is a positive definite kernel of r and c when the set of considered weights forms a positive definite matrix . the computation of this quantity , despite being the subject of a significant research effort in algebraic statistics , remains an intractable challenge for histograms of even modest dimensions . we propose an alternative ker ←
→ bridge simulation and metric estimation on landmark manifolds ; we present an inference algorithm and connected monte carlo based estimation procedures for metric estimation from landmark configurations distributed according to the transition distribution of a riemannian brownian motion arising from the large deformation diffeomorphic metric mapping ( lddmm ) metric . the distribution possesses properties similar to the regular euclidean normal distribution but its transition density is governed by a high - dime ←
→ adaptive generation - based evolution control for gaussian process surrogate models ; the interest in accelerating black - box optimizers has resulted in several surrogate model - assisted version of the covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy , a state - of - the - art continuous black - box optimizer . the version called surrogate cma - es uses gaussian processes or random forests surrogate models with a generation - based evolution control . this paper presents an adaptive improvement for s - cma - es based on a genera ←
→ and that ' s a fact : distinguishing factual and emotional argumentation in online dialogue ; we investigate the characteristics of factual and emotional argumentation styles observed in online debates . using an annotated set of " factual " and " feeling " debate forum posts , we extract patterns that are highly correlated with factual and emotional arguments , and then apply a bootstrapping methodology to find new patterns in a larger pool of unannotated forum posts . this process automatically produces a large se ←
→ evaluation of joint multi - instance multi - label learning for breast cancer diagnosis ; multi - instance multi - label ( miml ) learning is a challenging problem in many aspects . such learning approaches might be useful for many medical diagnosis applications including breast cancer detection and classification . in this study subset of digipath dataset ( whole slide digital breast cancer histopathology images ) are used for training and evaluation of six state - of - the - art miml methods . at the end , performance comp ←
→ a survey of human activity recognition using wifi csi ; in this article , we present a survey of recent advances in passive human behaviour recognition in indoor areas using the channel state information ( csi ) of commercial wifi systems . movement of human body causes a change in the wireless signal reflections , which results in variations in the csi . by analyzing the data streams of csis for different activities and comparing them against stored models , human behaviour can be recognized . this is done by extr ←
→ pose from action : unsupervised learning of pose features based on motion ; human actions are comprised of a sequence of poses . this makes videos of humans a rich and dense source of human poses . we propose an unsupervised method to learn pose features from videos that exploits a signal which is complementary to appearance and can be used as supervision : motion . the key idea is that humans go through poses in a predictable manner while performing actions . hence , given two poses , it should be possible to mode ←
→ updating probabilities ; as examples such as the monty hall puzzle show , applying conditioning to update a probability distribution on a `` naive space '', which does not take into account the protocol used , can often lead to counterintuitive results . here we examine why . a criterion known as car (`` coarsening at random '') in the statistical literature characterizes when `` naive '' conditioning in a naive space works . we show that the car condition holds rather infrequently , and we provide a procedural charact ←
→ joint named entity recognition and stance detection in tweets ; named entity recognition ( ner ) is a well - established task of information extraction which has been studied for decades . more recently , studies reporting ner experiments on social media texts have emerged . on the other hand , stance detection is a considerably new research topic usually considered within the scope of sentiment analysis . stance detection studies are mostly applied to texts of online debates where the stance of the text owner for a ←
→ team - maxmin equilibrium : efficiency bounds and algorithms ; the team - maxmin equilibrium prescribes the optimal strategies for a team of rational players sharing the same goal and without the capability of correlating their strategies in strategic games against an adversary . this solution concept can capture situations in which an agent controls multiple resources - corresponding to the team members - that cannot communicate . it is known that such equilibrium always exists and it is unique ( unless degeneracy ) an ←
→ predicting human activities using stochastic grammar ; this paper presents a novel method to predict future human activities from partially observed rgb - d videos . human activity prediction is generally difficult due to its non - markovian property and the rich context between human and environments . we use a stochastic grammar model to capture the compositional structure of events , integrating human actions , objects , and their affordances . we represent the event by a spatial - temporal and - or graph ( st - aog ). ←
→ associating grasp configurations with hierarchical features in convolutional neural networks ; in this work , we provide a solution for posturing the anthropomorphic robonaut - 2 hand and arm for grasping based on visual information . a mapping from visual features extracted from a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) to grasp points is learned . we demonstrate that a cnn pre - trained for image classification can be applied to a grasping task based on a small set of grasping examples . our approach takes advantage ←
→ learning to singulate objects using a push proposal network ; learning to act in unstructured environments , such as cluttered piles of objects , poses a substantial challenge for manipulation robots . we present a novel neural network - based approach that separates unknown objects in clutter by selecting favourable push actions . our network is trained from data collected through autonomous interaction of a pr2 robot with randomly organized tabletop scenes . the model is designed to propose meaningful push actio ←
→ convergence analysis of distributed stochastic gradient descent with shuffling ; when using stochastic gradient descent to solve large - scale machine learning problems , a common practice of data processing is to shuffle the training data , partition the data across multiple machines if needed , and then perform several epochs of training on the re - shuffled ( either locally or globally ) data . the above procedure makes the instances used to compute the gradients no longer independently sampled from the training ←
→ a self - supervised learning system for object detection using physics simulation and multi - view pose estimation ; progress has been achieved recently in object detection given advancements in deep learning . nevertheless , such tools typically require a large amount of training data and significant manual effort to label objects . this limits their applicability in robotics , where solutions must scale to a large number of objects and variety of conditions . this work proposes an autonomous process for training ←
→ unraveling reported dreams with text analytics ; we investigate what distinguishes reported dreams from other personal narratives . the continuity hypothesis , stemming from psychological dream analysis work , states that most dreams refer to a person ' s daily life and personal concerns , similar to other personal narratives such as diary entries . differences between the two texts may reveal the linguistic markers of dream text , which could be the basis for new dream analysis work and for the automatic detection ←
→ efficient multi - scale 3d cnn with fully connected crf for accurate brain lesion segmentation ; we propose a dual pathway , 11 - layers deep , three - dimensional convolutional neural network for the challenging task of brain lesion segmentation . the devised architecture is the result of an in - depth analysis of the limitations of current networks proposed for similar applications . to overcome the computational burden of processing 3d medical scans , we have devised an efficient and effective dense training scheme ←
→ better mixing via deep representations ; it has previously been hypothesized , and supported with some experimental evidence , that deeper representations , when well trained , tend to do a better job at disentangling the underlying factors of variation . we study the following related conjecture : better representations , in the sense of better disentangling , can be exploited to produce faster - mixing markov chains . consequently , mixing would be more efficient at higher levels of representation . to better understa ←
→ qualitatively characterizing neural network optimization problems ; training neural networks involves solving large - scale non - convex optimization problems . this task has long been believed to be extremely difficult , with fear of local minima and other obstacles motivating a variety of schemes to improve optimization , such as unsupervised pretraining . however , modern neural networks are able to achieve negligible training error on complex tasks , using only direct training with stochastic gradient descent . we ←
→ visualizing topics with multi - word expressions ; we describe a new method for visualizing topics , the distributions over terms that are automatically extracted from large text corpora using latent variable models . our method finds significant $ n $- grams related to a topic , which are then used to help understand and interpret the underlying distribution . compared with the usual visualization , which simply lists the most probable topical terms , the multi - word expressions provide a better intuitive impression f ←
→ a flexible , scalable and efficient algorithmic framework for primal graphical lasso ; we propose a scalable , efficient and statistically motivated computational framework for graphical lasso ( friedman et al ., 2007b ) - a covariance regularization framework that has received significant attention in the statistics community over the past few years . existing algorithms have trouble in scaling to dimensions larger than a thousand . our proposal significantly enhances the state - of - the - art for such moderate size ←
→ one - shot visual imitation learning via meta - learning ; in order for a robot to be a generalist that can perform a wide range of jobs , it must be able to acquire a wide variety of skills quickly and efficiently in complex unstructured environments . high - capacity models such as deep neural networks can enable a robot to represent complex skills , but learning each skill from scratch then becomes infeasible . in this work , we present a meta - imitation learning method that enables a robot to learn how to learn mor ←
→ evolution theory of self - evolving autonomous problem solving systems ; the present study gives a mathematical framework for self - evolution within autonomous problem solving systems . special attention is set on universal abstraction , thereof generation by net block homomorphism , consequently multiple order solving systems and the overall decidability of the set of the solutions . by overlapping presentation of nets new abstraction relation among nets is formulated alongside with consequent alphabetical net bl ←
→ catching the drift : probabilistic content models , with applications to generation and summarization ; we consider the problem of modeling the content structure of texts within a specific domain , in terms of the topics the texts address and the order in which these topics appear . we first present an effective knowledge - lean method for learning content models from un - annotated documents , utilizing a novel adaptation of algorithms for hidden markov models . we then apply our method to two complementary tasks :←
→ ii - fcn for skin lesion analysis towards melanoma detection ; dermoscopy image detection stays a tough task due to the weak distinguishable property of the object . although the deep convolution neural network signifigantly boosted the performance on prevelance computer vision tasks in recent years , there remains a room to explore more robust and precise models to the problem of low contrast image segmentation . towards the challenge of lesion segmentation in isbi 2017 , we built a symmetrical identity inception fu ←
→ generalized thompson sampling for contextual bandits ; thompson sampling , one of the oldest heuristics for solving multi - armed bandits , has recently been shown to demonstrate state - of - the - art performance . the empirical success has led to great interests in theoretical understanding of this heuristic . in this paper , we approach this problem in a way very different from existing efforts . in particular , motivated by the connection between thompson sampling and exponentiated updates , we propose a new family of ←
→ multilingual models for compositional distributed semantics ; we present a novel technique for learning semantic representations , which extends the distributional hypothesis to multilingual data and joint - space embeddings . our models leverage parallel data and learn to strongly align the embeddings of semantically equivalent sentences , while maintaining sufficient distance between those of dissimilar sentences . the models do not rely on word alignments or any syntactic information and are successfully appli ←
→ hierarchical convolutional - deconvolutional neural networks for automatic liver and tumor segmentation ; automatic segmentation of liver and its tumors is an essential step for extracting quantitative imaging biomarkers for accurate tumor detection , diagnosis , prognosis and assessment of tumor response to treatment . miccai 2017 liver tumor segmentation challenge ( lits ) provides a common platform for comparing different automatic algorithms on contrast - enhanced abdominal ct images in tasks including 1 ) live ←
→ efficient algorithms for bayesian network parameter learning from incomplete data ; we propose an efficient family of algorithms to learn the parameters of a bayesian network from incomplete data . in contrast to textbook approaches such as em and the gradient method , our approach is non - iterative , yields closed form parameter estimates , and eliminates the need for inference in a bayesian network . our approach provides consistent parameter estimates for missing data problems that are mcar , mar , and in some ←
→ background subtraction using the factored 3 - way restricted boltzmann machines ; in this paper , we proposed a method for reconstructing the 3d model based on continuous sensory input . the robot can draw on extremely large data from the real world using various sensors . however , the sensory inputs are usually too noisy and high - dimensional data . it is very difficult and time consuming for robot to process using such raw data when the robot tries to construct 3d model . hence , there needs to be a method that ←
→ recurrent residual module for fast inference in videos ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have made impressive progress in many video recognition tasks such as video pose estimation and video object detection . however , cnn inference on video is computationally expensive due to processing dense frames individually . in this work , we propose a framework called recurrent residual module ( rrm ) to accelerate the cnn inference for video recognition tasks . this framework has a novel design of using the sim ←
→ locally - adapted convolution - based super - resolution of irregularly - sampled ocean remote sensing data ; super - resolution is a classical problem in image processing , with numerous applications to remote sensing image enhancement . here , we address the super - resolution of irregularly - sampled remote sensing images . using an optimal interpolation as the low - resolution reconstruction , we explore locally - adapted multimodal convolutional models and investigate different dictionary - based decompositions , namely based ←
→ deep alignment network : a convolutional neural network for robust face alignment ; in this paper , we propose deep alignment network ( dan ), a robust face alignment method based on a deep neural network architecture . dan consists of multiple stages , where each stage improves the locations of the facial landmarks estimated by the previous stage . our method uses entire face images at all stages , contrary to the recently proposed face alignment methods that rely on local patches . this is possible thanks to the ←
→ sub - threshold cmos spiking neuron circuit design for navigation inspired by c . elegans chemotaxis ; we demonstrate a spiking neural network for navigation motivated by the chemotaxis network of caenorhabditis elegans . our network uses information regarding temporal gradients in the tracking variable ' s concentration to make navigational decisions . the gradient information is determined by mimicking the underlying mechanisms of the ase neurons of c . elegans . simulations show that our model is able to forage ←
→ bayesian learning of noisy markov decision processes ; we consider the inverse reinforcement learning problem , that is , the problem of learning from , and then predicting or mimicking a controller based on state / action data . we propose a statistical model for such data , derived from the structure of a markov decision process . adopting a bayesian approach to inference , we show how latent variables of the model can be estimated , and how predictions about actions can be made , in a unified framework . a new marko ←
→ global analysis of expectation maximization for mixtures of two gaussians ; expectation maximization ( em ) is among the most popular algorithms for estimating parameters of statistical models . however , em , which is an iterative algorithm based on the maximum likelihood principle , is generally only guaranteed to find stationary points of the likelihood objective , and these points may be far from any maximizer . this article addresses this disconnect between the statistical principles behind em and its algori ←
→ convex and scalable weakly labeled svms ; in this paper , we study the problem of learning from weakly labeled data , where labels of the training examples are incomplete . this includes , for example , ( i ) semi - supervised learning where labels are partially known ; ( ii ) multi - instance learning where labels are implicitly known ; and ( iii ) clustering where labels are completely unknown . unlike supervised learning , learning with weak labels involves a difficult mixed - integer programming ( mip ) problem . therefore , it ←
→ neural network model for path - planning of robotic rover systems ; today , robotics is an auspicious and fast - growing branch of technology that involves the manufacturing , design , and maintenance of robot machines that can operate in an autonomous fashion and can be used in a wide variety of applications including space exploration , weaponry , household , and transportation . more particularly , in space applications , a common type of robots has been of widespread use in the recent years . it is called planetary r ←
→ proceedings of the 5th workshop on machine learning and interpretation in neuroimaging ( mlini ) at nips 2015 ; this volume is a collection of contributions from the 5th workshop on machine learning and interpretation in neuroimaging ( mlini ) at the neural information processing systems ( nips 2015 ) conference . modern multivariate statistical methods developed in the rapidly growing field of machine learning are being increasingly applied to various problems in neuroimaging , from cognitive state detection to ←
→ local higher - order statistics ( lhs ) describing images with statistics of local non - binarized pixel patterns ; we propose a new image representation for texture categorization and facial analysis , relying on the use of higher - order local differential statistics as features . it has been recently shown that small local pixel pattern distributions can be highly discriminative while being extremely efficient to compute , which is in contrast to the models based on the global structure of images . motivated by su ←
→ statistical and computational guarantees of lloyd ' s algorithm and its variants ; clustering is a fundamental problem in statistics and machine learning . lloyd ' s algorithm , proposed in 1957 , is still possibly the most widely used clustering algorithm in practice due to its simplicity and empirical performance . however , there has been little theoretical investigation on the statistical and computational guarantees of lloyd ' s algorithm . this paper is an attempt to bridge this gap between practice and theory .←
→ the bayesian decision tree technique with a sweeping strategy ; the uncertainty of classification outcomes is of crucial importance for many safety critical applications including , for example , medical diagnostics . in such applications the uncertainty of classification can be reliably estimated within a bayesian model averaging technique that allows the use of prior information . decision tree ( dt ) classification models used within such a technique gives experts additional information by making this classifi ←
→ limits of end - to - end learning ; end - to - end learning refers to training a possibly complex learning system by applying gradient - based learning to the system as a whole . end - to - end learning system is specifically designed so that all modules are differentiable . in effect , not only a central learning machine , but also all " peripheral " modules like representation learning and memory formation are covered by a holistic learning process . the power of end - to - end learning has been demonstrated on many tasks , like p ←
→ constrained bayesian optimization with noisy experiments ; randomized experiments are the gold standard for evaluating the effects of changes to real - world systems , including internet services . data in these tests may be difficult to collect and outcomes may have high variance , resulting in potentially large measurement error . bayesian optimization is a promising technique for optimizing multiple continuous parameters for field experiments , but existing approaches degrade in performance when the noise level ←
→ learning mixtures of dag models ; we describe computationally efficient methods for learning mixtures in which each component is a directed acyclic graphical model ( mixtures of dags or mdags ). we argue that simple search - and - score algorithms are infeasible for a variety of problems , and introduce a feasible approach in which parameter and structure search is interleaved and expected data is treated as real data . our approach can be viewed as a combination of ( 1 ) the cheeseman -- stutz asymptotic approximation ←
→ detecting falls with x - factor hidden markov models ; identification of falls while performing normal activities of daily living ( adl ) is important to ensure personal safety and well - being . however , falling is a short term activity that occurs infrequently . this poses a challenge to traditional classification algorithms , because there may be very little training data for falls ( or none at all ). this paper proposes an approach for the identification of falls using a wearable device in the absence of training ←
→ submodularization for quadratic pseudo - boolean optimization ; many computer vision problems require optimization of binary non - submodular energies . we propose a general optimization framework based on local submodular approximations ( lsa ). unlike standard lp relaxation methods that linearize the whole energy globally , our approach iteratively approximates the energies locally . on the other hand , unlike standard local optimization methods ( e . g . gradient descent or projection techniques ) we use non - linear sub ←
→ convergence analysis of kernel lms algorithm with pre - tuned dictionary ; the kernel least - mean - square ( klms ) algorithm is an appealing tool for online identification of nonlinear systems due to its simplicity and robustness . in addition to choosing a reproducing kernel and setting filter parameters , designing a klms adaptive filter requires to select a so - called dictionary in order to get a finite - order model . this dictionary has a significant impact on performance , and requires careful consideration . theor ←
→ controlled total variation regularization for inverse problems ; this paper provides a new algorithm for solving inverse problems , based on the minimization of the $ l ^ 2 $ norm and on the control of the total variation . it consists in relaxing the role of the total variation in the classical total variation minimization approach , which permits us to get better approximation to the inverse problems . the numerical results on the deconvolution problem show that our method outperforms some previous ones .←
→ visual data augmentation through learning ; the rapid progress in machine learning methods has been empowered by i ) huge datasets that have been collected and annotated , ii ) improved engineering ( e . g . data pre - processing / normalization ). the existing datasets typically include several million samples , which constitutes their extension a colossal task . in addition , the state - of - the - art data - driven methods demand a vast amount of data , hence a standard engineering trick employed is artificial data augmentation ←
→ a graphical model formulation of collaborative filtering neighbourhood methods with fast maximum entropy training ; item neighbourhood methods for collaborative filtering learn a weighted graph over the set of items , where each item is connected to those it is most similar to . the prediction of a user ' s rating on an item is then given by that rating of neighbouring items , weighted by their similarity . this paper presents a new neighbourhood approach which we call item fields , whereby an undirected graphic ←
→ multimodal image super - resolution via joint sparse representations induced by coupled dictionaries ; real - world data processing problems often involve various image modalities associated with a certain scene , including rgb images , infrared images or multi - spectral images . the fact that different image modalities often share certain attributes , such as certain edges , textures and other structure primitives , represents an opportunity to enhance various image processing tasks . this paper proposes a new appro ←
→ an anisotropy preserving metric for dti processing ; statistical analysis of diffusion tensor imaging ( dti ) data requires a computational framework that is both numerically tractable ( to account for the high dimensional nature of the data ) and geometric ( to account for the nonlinear nature of diffusion tensors ). building upon earlier studies that have shown that a riemannian framework is appropriate to address these challenges , the present paper proposes a novel metric and an accompanying computational fram ←
→ decision - theoretic control of problem solving : principles and architecture ; this paper presents an approach to the design of autonomous , real - time systems operating in uncertain environments . we address issues of problem solving and reflective control of reasoning under uncertainty in terms of two fundamental elements : l ) a set of decision - theoretic models for selecting among alternative problem - solving methods and 2 ) a general computational architecture for resource - bounded problem solving . the decision ←
→ bayesian active distance metric learning ; distance metric learning is an important component for many tasks , such as statistical classification and content - based image retrieval . existing approaches for learning distance metrics from pairwise constraints typically suffer from two major problems . first , most algorithms only offer point estimation of the distance metric and can therefore be unreliable when the number of training examples is small . second , since these algorithms generally select their trainin ←
→ application of a convolutional neural network for image classification to the analysis of collisions in high energy physics ; the application of deep learning techniques using convolutional neural networks to the classification of particle collisions in high energy physics is explored . an intuitive approach to transform physical variables , like momenta of particles and jets , into a single image that captures the relevant information , is proposed . the idea is tested using a well known deep learning framewo ←
→ background subtraction via fast robust matrix completion ; background subtraction is the primary task of the majority of video inspection systems . the most important part of the background subtraction which is common among different algorithms is background modeling . in this regard , our paper addresses the problem of background modeling in a computationally efficient way , which is important for current eruption of " big data " processing coming from high resolution multi - channel videos . our model is based on ←
→ asynchronous byzantine machine learning ; asynchronous distributed machine learning solutions have proven very effective so far , but always assuming perfectly functioning workers . in practice , some of the workers can however exhibit byzantine behavior , caused by hardware failures , software bugs , corrupt data , or even malicious attacks . we introduce \ emph { kardam }, the first distributed asynchronous stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) algorithm that copes with byzantine workers . kardam consists of two complemen ←
→ learning to cooperate via policy search ; cooperative games are those in which both agents share the same payoff structure . value - based reinforcement - learning algorithms , such as variants of q - learning , have been applied to learning cooperative games , but they only apply when the game state is completely observable to both agents . policy search methods are a reasonable alternative to value - based methods for partially observable environments . in this paper , we provide a gradient - based distributed policy - sear ←
→ dcfnet : discriminant correlation filters network for visual tracking ; discriminant correlation filters ( dcf ) based methods now become a kind of dominant approach to online object tracking . the features used in these methods , however , are either based on hand - crafted features like hogs , or convolutional features trained independently from other tasks like image classification . in this work , we present an end - to - end lightweight network architecture , namely dcfnet , to learn the convolutional features and perf ←
→ teaching deep convolutional neural networks to play go ; mastering the game of go has remained a long standing challenge to the field of ai . modern computer go systems rely on processing millions of possible future positions to play well , but intuitively a stronger and more ' humanlike ' way to play the game would be to rely on pattern recognition abilities rather then brute force computation . following this sentiment , we train deep convolutional neural networks to play go by training them to predict the move ←
→ a deep learning approach for predicting the quality of online health expert question - answering services ; currently , a growing number of health consumers are asking health - related questions online , at any time and from anywhere , which effectively lowers the cost of health care . the most common approach is using online health expert question - answering ( hqa ) services , as health consumers are more willing to trust answers from professional physicians . however , these answers can be of varying quality dependin ←
→ missing entries matrix approximation and completion ; we describe several algorithms for matrix completion and matrix approximation when only some of its entries are known . the approximation constraint can be any whose approximated solution is known for the full matrix . for low rank approximations , similar algorithms appears recently in the literature under different names . in this work , we introduce new theorems for matrix approximation and show that these algorithms can be extended to handle different con ←
→ n - gram language modeling using recurrent neural network estimation ; we investigate the effective memory depth of rnn models by using them for $ n $- gram language model ( lm ) smoothing . experiments on a small corpus ( upenn treebank , one million words of training data and 10k vocabulary ) have found the lstm cell with dropout to be the best model for encoding the $ n $- gram state when compared with feed - forward and vanilla rnn models . when preserving the sentence independence assumption the lstm $ n $- gram matches ←
→ transmission of distress in a bank credit network ; the european sovereign debt crisis has impaired many european banks . the distress on the european banks may transmit worldwide , and result in a large - scale knock - on default of financial institutions . this study presents a computer simulation model to analyze the risk of insolvency of banks and defaults in a bank credit network . simulation experiments reproduce the knock - on default , and quantify the impact which is imposed on the number of bank defaults by ←
→ kalman - filtering using local interactions ; there is a growing interest in using kalman - filter models for brain modelling . in turn , it is of considerable importance to represent kalman - filter in connectionist forms with local hebbian learning rules . to our best knowledge , kalman - filter has not been given such local representation . it seems that the main obstacle is the dynamic adaptation of the kalman - gain . here , a connectionist representation is presented , which is derived by means of the recursive predict ←
→ rates of convergence for nearest neighbor classification ; nearest neighbor methods are a popular class of nonparametric estimators with several desirable properties , such as adaptivity to different distance scales in different regions of space . prior work on convergence rates for nearest neighbor classification has not fully reflected these subtle properties . we analyze the behavior of these estimators in metric spaces and provide finite - sample , distribution - dependent rates of convergence under minimal ass ←
→ feature level fusion of face and fingerprint biometrics ; the aim of this paper is to study the fusion at feature extraction level for face and fingerprint biometrics . the proposed approach is based on the fusion of the two traits by extracting independent feature pointsets from the two modalities , and making the two pointsets compatible for concatenation . moreover , to handle the problem of curse of dimensionality , the feature pointsets are properly reduced in dimension . different feature reduction techniqu ←
→ network - scale traffic modeling and forecasting with graphical lasso and neural networks ; traffic flow forecasting , especially the short - term case , is an important topic in intelligent transportation systems ( its ). this paper does a lot of research on network - scale modeling and forecasting of short - term traffic flows . firstly , we propose the concepts of single - link and multi - link models of traffic flow forecasting . secondly , we construct four prediction models by combining the two models with single - task ←
→ extending object - oriented languages by declarative specifications of complex objects using answer - set programming ; many applications require complexly structured data objects . developing new or adapting existing algorithmic solutions for creating such objects can be a non - trivial and costly task if the considered objects are subject to different application - specific constraints . often , however , it is comparatively easy to declaratively describe the required objects . in this paper , we propose to use answe ←
→ semantic word clouds with background corpus normalization and t - distributed stochastic neighbor embedding ; many word clouds provide no semantics to the word placement , but use a random layout optimized solely for aesthetic purposes . we propose a novel approach to model word significance and word affinity within a document , and in comparison to a large background corpus . we demonstrate its usefulness for generating more meaningful word clouds as a visual summary of a given document . we then select keyword ←
→ echoes of power : language effects and power differences in social interaction ; understanding social interaction within groups is key to analyzing online communities . most current work focuses on structural properties : who talks to whom , and how such interactions form larger network structures . the interactions themselves , however , generally take place in the form of natural language --- either spoken or written --- and one could reasonably suppose that signals manifested in language might also provide in ←
→ investigating the role of prior disambiguation in deep - learning compositional models of meaning ; this paper aims to explore the effect of prior disambiguation on neural network - based compositional models , with the hope that better semantic representations for text compounds can be produced . we disambiguate the input word vectors before they are fed into a compositional deep net . a series of evaluations shows the positive effect of prior disambiguation for such deep models .←
→ probabilistic search for object segmentation and recognition ; the problem of searching for a model - based scene interpretation is analyzed within a probabilistic framework . object models are formulated as generative models for range data of the scene . a new statistical criterion , the truncated object probability , is introduced to infer an optimal sequence of object hypotheses to be evaluated for their match to the data . the truncated probability is partly determined by prior knowledge of the objects and par ←
→ learning contextualized music semantics from tags via a siamese network ; music information retrieval faces a challenge in modeling contextualized musical concepts formulated by a set of co - occurring tags . in this paper , we investigate the suitability of our recently proposed approach based on a siamese neural network in fighting off this challenge . by means of tag features and probabilistic topic models , the network captures contextualized semantics from tags via unsupervised learning . this leads to a dist ←
→ call attention to rumors : deep attention based recurrent neural networks for early rumor detection ; the proliferation of social media in communication and information dissemination has made it an ideal platform for spreading rumors . automatically debunking rumors at their stage of diffusion is known as \ textit { early rumor detection }, which refers to dealing with sequential posts regarding disputed factual claims with certain variations and highly textual duplication over time . thus , identifying trending ←
→ semantic regularisation for recurrent image annotation ; the " cnn - rnn " design pattern is increasingly widely applied in a variety of image annotation tasks including multi - label classification and captioning . existing models use the weakly semantic cnn hidden layer or its transform as the image embedding that provides the interface between the cnn and rnn . this leaves the rnn overstretched with two jobs : predicting the visual concepts and modelling their correlations for generating structured annotation out ←
→ expectation propagation for continuous time bayesian networks ; continuous time bayesian networks ( ctbns ) describe structured stochastic processes with finitely many states that evolve over continuous time . a ctbn is a directed ( possibly cyclic ) dependency graph over a set of variables , each of which represents a finite state continuous time markov process whose transition model is a function of its parents . as shown previously , exact inference in ctbns is intractable . we address the problem of approximate ←
→ nystrom method for approximating the gmm kernel ; the gmm ( generalized min - max ) kernel was recently proposed ( li , 2016 ) as a measure of data similarity and was demonstrated effective in machine learning tasks . in order to use the gmm kernel for large - scale datasets , the prior work resorted to the ( generalized ) consistent weighted sampling ( gcws ) to convert the gmm kernel to linear kernel . we call this approach as `` gmm - gcws ''. in the machine learning literature , there is a popular algorithm which we call ←
→ contribution of case based reasoning ( cbr ) in the exploitation of return of experience . application to accident scenarii in railroad transport ; the study is from a base of accident scenarii in rail transport ( feedback ) in order to develop a tool to share build and sustain knowledge and safety and secondly to exploit the knowledge stored to prevent the reproduction of accidents / incidents . this tool should ultimately lead to the proposal of prevention and protection measures to minimize the risk level of ←
→ mass - univariate hypothesis testing on meeg data using cross - validation ; recent advances in statistical theory , together with advances in the computational power of computers , provide alternative methods to do mass - univariate hypothesis testing in which a large number of univariate tests , can be properly used to compare meeg data at a large number of time - frequency points and scalp locations . one of the major problematic aspects of this kind of mass - univariate analysis is due to high number of accomplished ←
→ structured convolution matrices for energy - efficient deep learning ; we derive a relationship between network representation in energy - efficient neuromorphic architectures and block toplitz convolutional matrices . inspired by this connection , we develop deep convolutional networks using a family of structured convolutional matrices and achieve state - of - the - art trade - off between energy efficiency and classification accuracy for well - known image recognition tasks . we also put forward a novel method to train b ←
→ neural tuning size is a key factor underlying holistic face processing ; faces are a class of visual stimuli with unique significance , for a variety of reasons . they are ubiquitous throughout the course of a person ' s life , and face recognition is crucial for daily social interaction . faces are also unlike any other stimulus class in terms of certain physical stimulus characteristics . furthermore , faces have been empirically found to elicit certain characteristic behavioral phenomena , which are widely held t ←
→ training simplification and model simplification for deep learning : a minimal effort back propagation method ; we propose a simple yet effective technique to simplify the training and the resulting model of neural networks . in back propagation , only a small subset of the full gradient is computed to update the model parameters . the gradient vectors are sparsified in such a way that only the top -$ k $ elements ( in terms of magnitude ) are kept . as a result , only $ k $ rows or columns ( depending on the layout ) o ←
→ deepasl : enabling ubiquitous and non - intrusive word and sentence - level sign language translation ; there is an undeniable communication barrier between deaf people and people with normal hearing ability . although innovations in sign language translation technology aim to tear down this communication barrier , the majority of existing sign language translation systems are either intrusive or constrained by resolution or ambient lighting conditions . moreover , these existing systems can only perform single - si ←
→ belief propagation in conditional rbms for structured prediction ; restricted boltzmann machines ~( rbms ) and conditional rbms ~( crbms ) are popular models for a wide range of applications . in previous work , learning on such models has been dominated by contrastive divergence ~( cd ) and its variants . belief propagation ~( bp ) algorithms are believed to be slow for structured prediction on conditional rbms ~( e . g ., mnih et al . [ 2011 ]), and not as good as cd when applied in learning ~( e . g ., larochelle et al . [ 2012 ]). in ←
→ anytime heuristic search ; we describe how to convert the heuristic search algorithm a * into an anytime algorithm that finds a sequence of improved solutions and eventually converges to an optimal solution . the approach we adopt uses weighted heuristic search to find an approximate solution quickly , and then continues the weighted search to find improved solutions as well as to improve a bound on the suboptimality of the current solution . when the time available to solve a search problem is limited or uncer ←
→ machine learning in sentiment reconstruction of the simulated stock market ; in this paper we continue the study of the simulated stock market framework defined by the driving sentiment processes . we focus on the market environment driven by the buy / sell trading sentiment process of the markov chain type . we apply the methodology of the hidden markov models and the recurrent neural networks to reconstruct the transition probabilities matrix of the markov sentiment process and recover the underlying sentim ←
→ stochastic discriminative em ; stochastic discriminative em ( sdem ) is an online - em - type algorithm for discriminative training of probabilistic generative models belonging to the exponential family . in this work , we introduce and justify this algorithm as a stochastic natural gradient descent method , i . e . a method which accounts for the information geometry in the parameter space of the statistical model . we show how this learning algorithm can be used to train probabilistic generative models by minimizing d ←
→ structure formation in large theories ; structuring theories is one of the main approaches to reduce the combinatorial explosion associated with reasoning and exploring large theories . in the past we developed the notion of development graphs as a means to represent and maintain structured theories . in this paper we present a methodology and a resulting implementation to reveal the hidden structure of flat theories by transforming them into detailed development graphs . we review our approach using plain tst ←
→ towards automated icd coding using deep learning ; international classification of diseases ( icd ) is an authoritative health care classification system of different diseases and conditions for clinical and management purposes . considering the complicated and dedicated process to assign correct codes to each patient admission based on overall diagnosis , we propose a hierarchical deep learning model with attention mechanism which can automatically assign icd diagnostic codes given written diagnosis . we utilize ←
→ the grt planning system : backward heuristic construction in forward state - space planning ; this paper presents grt , a domain - independent heuristic planning system for strips worlds . grt solves problems in two phases . in the pre - processing phase , it estimates the distance between each fact and the goals of the problem , in a backward direction . then , in the search phase , these estimates are used in order to further estimate the distance between each intermediate state and the goals , guiding so the search pr ←
→ csvideonet : a real - time end - to - end learning framework for high - frame - rate video compressive sensing ; this paper addresses the real - time encoding - decoding problem for high - frame - rate video compressive sensing ( cs ). unlike prior works that perform reconstruction using iterative optimization - based approaches , we propose a non - iterative model , named " csvideonet ". csvideonet directly learns the inverse mapping of cs and reconstructs the original input in a single forward propagation . to overcome the limitatio ←
→ on the inclusion relation of reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ; to help understand various reproducing kernels used in applied sciences , we investigate the inclusion relation of two reproducing kernel hilbert spaces . characterizations in terms of feature maps of the corresponding reproducing kernels are established . a full table of inclusion relations among widely - used translation invariant kernels is given . concrete examples for hilbert - schmidt kernels are presented as well . we also discuss the preservati ←
→ design and implementation of modified fuzzy based cpu scheduling algorithm ; cpu scheduling is the base of multiprogramming . scheduling is a process which decides order of task from a set of multiple tasks that are ready to execute . there are number of cpu scheduling algorithms available , but it is very difficult task to decide which one is better . this paper discusses the design and implementation of modified fuzzy based cpu scheduling algorithm . this paper present a new set of fuzzy rules . it demonstrat ←
→ viewpoint and topic modeling of current events ; there are multiple sides to every story , and while statistical topic models have been highly successful at topically summarizing the stories in corpora of text documents , they do not explicitly address the issue of learning the different sides , the viewpoints , expressed in the documents . in this paper , we show how these viewpoints can be learned completely unsupervised and represented in a human interpretable form . we use a novel approach of applying corrlda2 ←
→ action representation using classifier decision boundaries ; most popular deep learning based models for action recognition are designed to generate separate predictions within their short temporal windows , which are often aggregated by heuristic means to assign an action label to the full video segment . given that not all frames from a video characterize the underlying action , pooling schemes that impose equal importance to all frames might be unfavorable . in an attempt towards tackling this challenge , we ←
→ a deep architecture for unified aesthetic prediction ; image aesthetics has become an important criterion for visual content curation on social media sites and media content repositories . previous work on aesthetic prediction models in the computer vision community has focused on aesthetic score prediction or binary image labeling . however , raw aesthetic annotations are in the form of score histograms and provide richer and more precise information than binary labels or mean scores . consequently , in this wo ←
→ hilbert space embeddings of predictive state representations ; predictive state representations ( psrs ) are an expressive class of models for controlled stochastic processes . psrs represent state as a set of predictions of future observable events . because psrs are defined entirely in terms of observable data , statistically consistent estimates of psr parameters can be learned efficiently by manipulating moments of observed training data . most learning algorithms for psrs have assumed that actions and observ ←
→ automatic segmentation of the left ventricle in cardiac ct angiography using convolutional neural network ; accurate delineation of the left ventricle ( lv ) is an important step in evaluation of cardiac function . in this paper , we present an automatic method for segmentation of the lv in cardiac ct angiography ( ccta ) scans . segmentation is performed in two stages . first , a bounding box around the lv is detected using a combination of three convolutional neural networks ( cnns ). subsequently , to obtain the s ←
→ supervised cross - modal factor analysis for multiple modal data classification ; in this paper we study the problem of learning from multiple modal data for purpose of document classification . in this problem , each document is composed two different modals of data , i . e ., an image and a text . cross - modal factor analysis ( cfa ) has been proposed to project the two different modals of data to a shared data space , so that the classification of a image or a text can be performed directly in this space . a disadva ←
→ 3d - detnet : a single stage video - based vehicle detector ; video - based vehicle detection has received considerable attention over the last ten years and there are many deep learning based detection methods which can be applied to it . however , these methods are devised for still images and applying them for video vehicle detection directly always obtains poor performance . in this work , we propose a new single - stage video - based vehicle detector integrated with 3dcovnet and focal loss , called 3d - detnet . draw sup ←
→ seeing the forest despite the trees : large scale spatial - temporal decision making ; we introduce a challenging real - world planning problem where actions must be taken at each location in a spatial area at each point in time . we use forestry planning as the motivating application . in large scale spatial - temporal ( lsst ) planning problems , the state and action spaces are defined as the cross - products of many local state and action spaces spread over a large spatial area such as a city or forest . these proble ←
→ learning continuous time bayesian networks ; continuous time bayesian networks ( ctbns ) describe structured stochastic processes with finitely many states that evolve over continuous time . a ctbn is a directed ( possibly cyclic ) dependency graph over a set of variables , each of which represents a finite state continuous time markov process whose transition model is a function of its parents . we address the problem of learning parameters and structure of a ctbn from fully observed data . we define a conjugate p ←
→ a topic model for melodic sequences ; we examine the problem of learning a probabilistic model for melody directly from musical sequences belonging to the same genre . this is a challenging task as one needs to capture not only the rich temporal structure evident in music , but also the complex statistical dependencies among different music components . to address this problem we introduce the variable - gram topic model , which couples the latent topic formalism with a systematic model for contextual information ←
→ i know what you see : power side - channel attack on convolutional neural network accelerators ; deep learning has become the de - facto computational paradigm for various kinds of perception problems , including many privacy - sensitive applications such as online medical image analysis . no doubt to say , the data privacy of these deep learning systems is a serious concern . different from previous research focusing on exploiting privacy leakage from deep learning models , in this paper , we present the first attack ←
→ deep - fext : deep feature extraction for vessel segmentation and centerline prediction ; feature extraction is a very crucial task in image and pixel ( voxel ) classification and regression in biomedical image modeling . in this work we present a machine learning based feature extraction scheme based on inception models for pixel classification tasks . we extract features under multi - scale and multi - layer schemes through convolutional operators . layers of fully convolutional network are later stacked on this fe ←
→ corpus annotation for parser evaluation ; we describe a recently developed corpus annotation scheme for evaluating parsers that avoids shortcomings of current methods . the scheme encodes grammatical relations between heads and dependents , and has been used to mark up a new public - domain corpus of naturally occurring english text . we show how the corpus can be used to evaluate the accuracy of a robust parser , and relate the corpus to extant resources .←
→ low dose ct image reconstruction with learned sparsifying transform ; a major challenge in computed tomography ( ct ) is to reduce x - ray dose to a low or even ultra - low level while maintaining the high quality of reconstructed images . we propose a new method for ct reconstruction that combines penalized weighted - least squares reconstruction ( pwls ) with regularization based on a sparsifying transform ( pwls - st ) learned from a dataset of numerous ct images . we adopt an alternating algorithm to optimize the pwls -←
→ learning word embeddings from speech ; in this paper , we propose a novel deep neural network architecture , sequence - to - sequence audio2vec , for unsupervised learning of fixed - length vector representations of audio segments excised from a speech corpus , where the vectors contain semantic information pertaining to the segments , and are close to other vectors in the embedding space if their corresponding segments are semantically similar . the design of the proposed model is based on the rnn encoder - decoder fram ←
→ selecting computations : theory and applications ; sequential decision problems are often approximately solvable by simulating possible future action sequences . {\ em metalevel } decision procedures have been developed for selecting {\ em which } action sequences to simulate , based on estimating the expected improvement in decision quality that would result from any particular simulation ; an example is the recent work on using bandit algorithms to control monte carlo tree search in the game of go . in this paper ←
→ feature construction for relational sequence learning ; we tackle the problem of multi - class relational sequence learning using relevant patterns discovered from a set of labelled sequences . to deal with this problem , firstly each relational sequence is mapped into a feature vector using the result of a feature construction method . since , the efficacy of sequence learning algorithms strongly depends on the features used to represent the sequences , the second step is to find an optimal subset of the construc ←
→ extend natural neighbor : a novel classification method with self - adaptive neighborhood parameters in different stages ; various kinds of k - nearest neighbor ( knn ) based classification methods are the bases of many well - established and high - performance pattern - recognition techniques , but both of them are vulnerable to their parameter choice . essentially , the challenge is to detect the neighborhood of various data sets , while utterly ignorant of the data characteristic . this article introduces a new supervis ←
→ the dependent doors problem : an investigation into sequential decisions without feedback ; we introduce the dependent doors problem as an abstraction for situations in which one must perform a sequence of possibly dependent decisions , without receiving feedback information on the effectiveness of previously made actions . informally , the problem considers a set of $ d $ doors that are initially closed , and the aim is to open all of them as fast as possible . to open a door , the algorithm knocks on it and it m ←
→ estimating performance of pipelined spoken language translation systems ; most spoken language translation systems developed to date rely on a pipelined architecture , in which the main stages are speech recognition , linguistic analysis , transfer , generation and speech synthesis . when making projections of error rates for systems of this kind , it is natural to assume that the error rates for the individual components are independent , making the system accuracy the product of the component accuracies . the p ←
→ a general family of trimmed estimators for robust high - dimensional data analysis ; we consider the problem of robustifying high - dimensional structured estimation . robust techniques are key in real - world applications which often involve outliers and data corruption . we focus on trimmed versions of structurally regularized m - estimators in the high - dimensional setting , including the popular least trimmed squares estimator , as well as analogous estimators for generalized linear models and graphical models , us ←
→ do not choose representation just change : an experimental study in states based ea ; our aim in this paper is to analyse the phenotypic effects ( evolvability ) of diverse coding conversion operators in an instance of the states based evolutionary algorithm ( sea ). since the representation of solutions or the selection of the best encoding during the optimization process has been proved to be very important for the efficiency of evolutionary algorithms ( eas ), we will discuss a strategy of coupling more than ←
→ novel exploration techniques ( nets ) for malaria policy interventions ; the task of decision - making under uncertainty is daunting , especially for problems which have significant complexity . healthcare policy makers across the globe are facing problems under challenging constraints , with limited tools to help them make data driven decisions . in this work we frame the process of finding an optimal malaria policy as a stochastic multi - armed bandit problem , and implement three agent based strategies to explore t ←
→ recognition from hand cameras ; we revisit the study of a wrist - mounted camera system ( referred to as handcam ) for recognizing activities of hands . handcam has two unique properties as compared to egocentric systems ( referred to as headcam ): ( 1 ) it avoids the need to detect hands ; ( 2 ) it more consistently observes the activities of hands . by taking advantage of these properties , we propose a deep - learning - based method to recognize hand states ( free v . s . active hands , hand gestures , object categories ), and d ←
→ dwt based fingerprint recognition using non minutiae features ; forensic applications like criminal investigations , terrorist identification and national security issues require a strong fingerprint data base and efficient identification system . in this paper we propose dwt based fingerprint recognition using non minutiae ( dwtfr ) algorithm . fingerprint image is decomposed into multi resolution sub bands of ll , lh , hl and hh by applying 3 level dwt . the dominant local orientation angle {\ theta } and coherence ←
→ co - occurrence of the benford - like and zipf laws arising from the texts representing human and artificial languages ; we demonstrate that large texts , representing human ( english , russian , ukrainian ) and artificial ( c ++, java ) languages , display quantitative patterns characterized by the benford - like and zipf laws . the frequency of a word following the zipf law is inversely proportional to its rank , whereas the total numbers of a certain word appearing in the text generate the uneven benford - like distribut ←
→ a discriminative cnn video representation for event detection ; in this paper , we propose a discriminative video representation for event detection over a large scale video dataset when only limited hardware resources are available . the focus of this paper is to effectively leverage deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) to advance event detection , where only frame level static descriptors can be extracted by the existing cnn toolkit . this paper makes two contributions to the inference of cnn video repre ←
→ individual recognition in schizophrenia using deep learning methods with random forest and voting classifiers : insights from resting state eeg streams ; recently , there has been a growing interest in monitoring brain activity for individual recognition system . so far these works are mainly focussing on single channel data or fragment data collected by some advanced brain monitoring modalities . in this study we propose new individual recognition schemes based on spatio - temporal resting state electroencepha ←
→ learning the joint representation of heterogeneous temporal events for clinical endpoint prediction ; the availability of a large amount of electronic health records ( ehr ) provides huge opportunities to improve health care service by mining these data . one important application is clinical endpoint prediction , which aims to predict whether a disease , a symptom or an abnormal lab test will happen in the future according to patients ' history records . this paper develops deep learning techniques for clinical ←
→$\ left ( β , \ varpi \ right )$- stability for cross - validation and the choice of the number of folds ; in this paper , we introduce a new concept of stability for cross - validation , called the $\ left ( \ beta , \ varpi \ right )$- stability , and use it as a new perspective to build the general theory for cross - validation . the $\ left ( \ beta , \ varpi \ right )$- stability mathematically connects the generalization ability and the stability of the cross - validated model via the rademacher complexity . our result reveals mathema ←
→ planning with pixels in ( almost ) real time ; recently , width - based planning methods have been shown to yield state - of - the - art results in the atari 2600 video games . for this , the states were associated with the ( ram ) memory states of the simulator . in this work , we consider the same planning problem but using the screen instead . by using the same visual inputs , the planning results can be compared with those of humans and learning methods . we show that the planning approach , out of the box and without train ←
→ using feature weights to improve performance of neural networks ; different features have different relevance to a particular learning problem . some features are less relevant ; while some very important . instead of selecting the most relevant features using feature selection , an algorithm can be given this knowledge of feature importance based on expert opinion or prior learning . learning can be faster and more accurate if learners take feature importance into account . correlation aided neural networks ( can ←
→ online edge grafting for efficient mrf structure learning ; incremental methods for structure learning of pairwise markov random fields ( mrfs ), such as grafting , improve scalability to large systems by avoiding inference over the entire feature space in each optimization step . instead , inference is performed over an incrementally grown active set of features . in this paper , we address the computational bottlenecks that current techniques still suffer by introducing online edge grafting , an incremental , stru ←
→ a novel comprehensive approach for estimating concept semantic similarity in wordnet ; computation of semantic similarity between concepts is an important foundation for many research works . this paper focuses on ic computing methods and ic measures , which estimate the semantic similarities between concepts by exploiting the topological parameters of the taxonomy . based on analyzing representative ic computing methods and typical semantic similarity measures , we propose a new hybrid ic computing method . t ←
→ foreign - language reviews : help or hindrance ? ; the number and quality of user reviews greatly affects consumer purchasing decisions . while reviews in all languages are increasing , it is still often the case ( especially for non - english speakers ) that there are only a few reviews in a person ' s first language . using an online experiment , we examine the value that potential purchasers receive from interfaces showing additional reviews in a second language . the results paint a complicated picture with both posit ←
→ graph clustering bandits for recommendation ; we investigate an efficient context - dependent clustering technique for recommender systems based on exploration - exploitation strategies through multi - armed bandits over multiple users . our algorithm dynamically groups users based on their observed behavioral similarity during a sequence of logged activities . in doing so , the algorithm reacts to the currently served user by shaping clusters around him / her but , at the same time , it explores the generation of clust ←
→ the dlr hierarchy of approximate inference ; we propose a hierarchy for approximate inference based on the dobrushin , lanford , ruelle ( dlr ) equations . this hierarchy includes existing algorithms , such as belief propagation , and also motivates novel algorithms such as factorized neighbors ( fn ) algorithms and variants of mean field ( mf ) algorithms . in particular , we show that extrema of the bethe free energy correspond to approximate solutions of the dlr equations . in addition , we demonstrate a close connecti ←
→ regularized maximum correntropy machine ; in this paper we investigate the usage of regularized correntropy framework for learning of classifiers from noisy labels . the class label predictors learned by minimizing transitional loss functions are sensitive to the noisy and outlying labels of training samples , because the transitional loss functions are equally applied to all the samples . to solve this problem , we propose to learn the class label predictors by maximizing the correntropy between the predicted ←
→ approximate fpga - based lstms under computation time constraints ; recurrent neural networks and in particular long short - term memory ( lstm ) networks have demonstrated state - of - the - art accuracy in several emerging artificial intelligence tasks . however , the models are becoming increasingly demanding in terms of computational and memory load . emerging latency - sensitive applications including mobile robots and autonomous vehicles often operate under stringent computation time constraints . in this paper , we add ←
→ end - to - end multi - view lipreading ; non - frontal lip views contain useful information which can be used to enhance the performance of frontal view lipreading . however , the vast majority of recent lipreading works , including the deep learning approaches which significantly outperform traditional approaches , have focused on frontal mouth images . as a consequence , research on joint learning of visual features and speech classification from multiple views is limited . in this work , we present an end - to - end multi - v ←
→ accumulated gradient normalization ; this work addresses the instability in asynchronous data parallel optimization . it does so by introducing a novel distributed optimizer which is able to efficiently optimize a centralized model under communication constraints . the optimizer achieves this by pushing a normalized sequence of first - order gradients to a parameter server . this implies that the magnitude of a worker delta is smaller compared to an accumulated gradient , and provides a better direction towards a ←
→ kernel bandwidth selection for svdd : peak criterion approach for large data ; support vector data description ( svdd ) provides a useful approach to construct a description of multivariate data for single - class classification and outlier detection with various practical applications . gaussian kernel used in svdd formulation allows flexible data description defined by observations designated as support vectors . the data boundary of such description is non - spherical and conforms to the geometric features of t ←
→ defensive forecasting ; we consider how to make probability forecasts of binary labels . our main mathematical result is that for any continuous gambling strategy used for detecting disagreement between the forecasts and the actual labels , there exists a forecasting strategy whose forecasts are ideal as far as this gambling strategy is concerned . a forecasting strategy obtained in this way from a gambling strategy demonstrating a strong law of large numbers is simplified and studied empirically .←
→ filling in the details : perceiving from low fidelity images ; humans perceive their surroundings in great detail even though most of our visual field is reduced to low - fidelity color - deprived ( e . g . dichromatic ) input by the retina . in contrast , most deep learning architectures are computationally wasteful in that they consider every part of the input when performing an image processing task . yet , the human visual system is able to perform visual reasoning despite having only a small fovea of high visual acu ←
→ inriasac : simple hypernym extraction methods ; given a set of terms from a given domain , how can we structure them into a taxonomy without manual intervention ? this is the task 17 of semeval 2015 . here we present our simple taxonomy structuring techniques which , despite their simplicity , ranked first in this 2015 benchmark . we use large quantities of text ( english wikipedia ) and simple heuristics such as term overlap and document and sentence co - occurrence to produce hypernym lists . we describe these techni ←
→ ballpark crowdsourcing : the wisdom of rough group comparisons ; crowdsourcing has become a popular method for collecting labeled training data . however , in many practical scenarios traditional labeling can be difficult for crowdworkers ( for example , if the data is high - dimensional or unintuitive , or the labels are continuous ). in this work , we develop a novel model for crowdsourcing that can complement standard practices by exploiting people ' s intuitions about groups and relations between them . we employ ←
→ big data classification using augmented decision trees ; we present an algorithm for classification tasks on big data . experiments conducted as part of this study indicate that the algorithm can be as accurate as ensemble methods such as random forests or gradient boosted trees . unlike ensemble methods , the models produced by the algorithm can be easily interpreted . the algorithm is based on a divide and conquer strategy and consists of two steps . the first step consists of using a decision tree to segment ←
→ segment3d : a web - based application for collaborative segmentation of 3d images used in the shoot apical meristem ; the quantitative analysis of 3d confocal microscopy images of the shoot apical meristem helps understanding the growth process of some plants . cell segmentation in these images is crucial for computational plant analysis and many automated methods have been proposed . however , variations in signal intensity across the image mitigate the effectiveness of those approaches with no easy way for us ←
→ remix : automated exploration for interactive outlier detection ; outlier detection is the identification of points in a dataset that do not conform to the norm . outlier detection is highly sensitive to the choice of the detection algorithm and the feature subspace used by the algorithm . extracting domain - relevant insights from outliers needs systematic exploration of these choices since diverse outlier sets could lead to complementary insights . this challenge is especially acute in an interactive setting , w ←
→ speech earthquakes : scaling and universality in human voice ; speech is a distinctive complex feature of human capabilities . in order to understand the physics underlying speech production , in this work we empirically analyse the statistics of large human speech datasets ranging several languages . we first show that during speech the energy is unevenly released and power - law distributed , reporting a universal robust gutenberg - richter - like law in speech . we further show that such earthquakes in speech show t ←
→ weakly supervised medical diagnosis and localization from multiple resolutions ; diagnostic imaging often requires the simultaneous identification of a multitude of findings of varied size and appearance . beyond global indication of said findings , the prediction and display of localization information improves trust in and understanding of results when augmenting clinical workflow . medical training data rarely includes more than global image - level labels as segmentations are time - consuming and expensive t ←
→ discovering structure in high - dimensional data through correlation explanation ; we introduce a method to learn a hierarchy of successively more abstract representations of complex data based on optimizing an information - theoretic objective . intuitively , the optimization searches for a set of latent factors that best explain the correlations in the data as measured by multivariate mutual information . the method is unsupervised , requires no model assumptions , and scales linearly with the number of variable ←
→ fast rates for bandit optimization with upper - confidence frank - wolfe ; we consider the problem of bandit optimization , inspired by stochastic optimization and online learning problems with bandit feedback . in this problem , the objective is to minimize a global loss function of all the actions , not necessarily a cumulative loss . this framework allows us to study a very general class of problems , with applications in statistics , machine learning , and other fields . to solve this problem , we analyze the upper - c ←
→ graph - based semi - supervised conditional random fields for spoken language understanding using unaligned data ; we experiment graph - based semi - supervised learning ( ssl ) of conditional random fields ( crf ) for the application of spoken language understanding ( slu ) on unaligned data . the aligned labels for examples are obtained using ibm model . we adapt a baseline semi - supervised crf by defining new feature set and altering the label propagation algorithm . our results demonstrate that our proposed approach si ←
→ layered interpretation of street view images ; we propose a layered street view model to encode both depth and semantic information on street view images for autonomous driving . recently , stixels , stix - mantics , and tiered scene labeling methods have been proposed to model street view images . we propose a 4 - layer street view model , a compact representation over the recently proposed stix - mantics model . our layers encode semantic classes like ground , pedestrians , vehicles , buildings , and sky in addition to th ←
→ unsupervised typography transfer ; traditional methods in chinese typography synthesis view characters as an assembly of radicals and strokes , but they rely on manual definition of the key points , which is still time - costing . some recent work on computer vision proposes a brand new approach : to treat every chinese character as an independent and inseparable image , so the pre - processing and post - processing of each character can be avoided . then with a combination of a transfer network and a discriminating ne ←
→ ruminating reader : reasoning with gated multi - hop attention ; to answer the question in machine comprehension ( mc ) task , the models need to establish the interaction between the question and the context . to tackle the problem that the single - pass model cannot reflect on and correct its answer , we present ruminating reader . ruminating reader adds a second pass of attention and a novel information fusion component to the bi - directional attention flow model ( bidaf ). we propose novel layer structures that const ←
→ occlusion - aware hand pose estimation using hierarchical mixture density network ; hand pose estimation is to predict the pose parameters representing a 3d hand model , such as locations of hand joints . this problem is very challenging due to large changes in viewpoints and articulations , and intense self - occlusions , etc . many researchers have investigated the problem from both aspects of input feature learning and output prediction modelling . though effective , most of the existing discriminative methods on ←
→ fuzzy object - oriented dynamic networks . ii ; this article generalizes object - oriented dynamic networks to the fuzzy case , which allows one to represent knowledge on objects and classes of objects that are fuzzy by nature and also to model their changes in time . within the framework of the approach described , a mechanism is proposed that makes it possible to acquire new knowledge on the basis of basic knowledge and considerably differs from well - known methods used in existing models of knowledge representati ←
→ on convolutional approximations to linear dimensionality reduction operators for large scale data processing ; in this paper , we examine the problem of approximating a general linear dimensionality reduction ( ldr ) operator , represented as a matrix $ a \ in \ mathbb { r }^{ m \ times n }$ with $ m < n $, by a partial circulant matrix with rows related by circular shifts . partial circulant matrices admit fast implementations via fourier transform methods and subsampling operations ; our investigation here is motivated ←
→ novel views of objects from a single image ; taking an image of an object is at its core a lossy process . the rich information about the three - dimensional structure of the world is flattened to an image plane and decisions such as viewpoint and camera parameters are final and not easily revertible . as a consequence , possibilities of changing viewpoint are limited . given a single image depicting an object , novel - view synthesis is the task of generating new images that render the object from a different viewp ←
→ incremental learning of 3d - dct compact representations for robust visual tracking ; visual tracking usually requires an object appearance model that is robust to changing illumination , pose and other factors encountered in video . in this paper , we construct an appearance model using the 3d discrete cosine transform ( 3d - dct ). the 3d - dct is based on a set of cosine basis functions , which are determined by the dimensions of the 3d signal and thus independent of the input video data . in addition , the 3d - dct c ←
→ machine learning on images using a string - distance ; we present a new method for image feature - extraction which is based on representing an image by a finite - dimensional vector of distances that measure how different the image is from a set of image prototypes . we use the recently introduced universal image distance ( uid ) \ cite { ratsabychesterieee2012 } to compare the similarity between an image and a prototype image . the advantage in using the uid is the fact that no domain knowledge nor any image analysis n ←
→ automos : learning a non - intrusive assessor of naturalness - of - speech ; developers of text - to - speech synthesizers ( tts ) often make use of human raters to assess the quality of synthesized speech . we demonstrate that we can model human raters ' mean opinion scores ( mos ) of synthesized speech using a deep recurrent neural network whose inputs consist solely of a raw waveform . our best models provide utterance - level estimates of mos only moderately inferior to sampled human ratings , as shown by pearson and spearm ←
→ finding streams in knowledge graphs to support fact checking ; the volume and velocity of information that gets generated online limits current journalistic practices to fact - check claims at the same rate . computational approaches for fact checking may be the key to help mitigate the risks of massive misinformation spread . such approaches can be designed to not only be scalable and effective at assessing veracity of dubious claims , but also to boost a human fact checker ' s productivity by surfacing relevant ←
→ sparse partially linear additive models ; the generalized partially linear additive model ( gplam ) is a flexible and interpretable approach to building predictive models . it combines features in an additive manner , allowing each to have either a linear or nonlinear effect on the response . however , the choice of which features to treat as linear or nonlinear is typically assumed known . thus , to make a gplam a viable approach in situations in which little is known $ a ~ priori $ about the features , one must overco ←
→ computing circumscriptive databases by integer programming : revisited ( extended abstract ) ; in this paper , we consider a method of computing minimal models in circumscription using integer programming in propositional logic and first - order logic with domain closure axioms and unique name axioms . this kind of treatment is very important since this enable to apply various technique developed in operations research to nonmonotonic reasoning . nerode et al . ( 1995 ) are the first to propose a method of computi ←
→ estimation of lactate threshold with machine learning techniques in recreational runners ; lactate threshold is considered an essential parameter when assessing performance of elite and recreational runners and prescribing training intensities in endurance sports . however , the measurement of blood lactate concentration requires expensive equipment and the extraction of blood samples , which are inconvenient for frequent monitoring . furthermore , most recreational runners do not have access to routine assess ←
→ a unified robust classification model ; a wide variety of machine learning algorithms such as support vector machine ( svm ), minimax probability machine ( mpm ), and fisher discriminant analysis ( fda ), exist for binary classification . the purpose of this paper is to provide a unified classification model that includes the above models through a robust optimization approach . this unified model has several benefits . one is that the extensions and improvements intended for svm become applicable to mpm and fda , an ←
→ comparative concept similarity over minspaces : axiomatisation and tableaux calculus ; we study the logic of comparative concept similarity $\ csl $ introduced by sheremet , tishkovsky , wolter and zakharyaschev to capture a form of qualitative similarity comparison . in this logic we can formulate assertions of the form " objects a are more similar to b than to c ". the semantics of this logic is defined by structures equipped by distance functions evaluating the similarity degree of objects . we consider here t ←
→ proceedings of the thirteenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence ( 1997 ) ; this is the proceedings of the thirteenth conference on uncertainty in artificial intelligence , which was held in providence , ri , august 1 - 3 , 1997 ←
→ geometric robustness of deep networks : analysis and improvement ; deep convolutional neural networks have been shown to be vulnerable to arbitrary geometric transformations . however , there is no systematic method to measure the invariance properties of deep networks to such transformations . we propose manifool as a simple yet scalable algorithm to measure the invariance of deep networks . in particular , our algorithm measures the robustness of deep networks to geometric transformations in a worst - case regime ←
→ an introduction to the dsm theory for the combination of paradoxical , uncertain , and imprecise sources of information ; the management and combination of uncertain , imprecise , fuzzy and even paradoxical or high conflicting sources of information has always been , and still remains today , of primal importance for the development of reliable modern information systems involving artificial reasoning . in this introduction , we present a survey of our recent theory of plausible and paradoxical reasoning , known a ←
→ effective use of word order for text categorization with convolutional neural networks ; convolutional neural network ( cnn ) is a neural network that can make use of the internal structure of data such as the 2d structure of image data . this paper studies cnn on text categorization to exploit the 1d structure ( namely , word order ) of text data for accurate prediction . instead of using low - dimensional word vectors as input as is often done , we directly apply cnn to high - dimensional text data , which leads to ←
→ generating images part by part with composite generative adversarial networks ; image generation remains a fundamental problem in artificial intelligence in general and deep learning in specific . the generative adversarial network ( gan ) was successful in generating high quality samples of natural images . we propose a model called composite generative adversarial network , that reveals the complex structure of images with multiple generators in which each generator generates some part of the image . those pa ←
→ song recommendation with non - negative matrix factorization and graph total variation ; this work formulates a novel song recommender system as a matrix completion problem that benefits from collaborative filtering through non - negative matrix factorization ( nmf ) and content - based filtering via total variation ( tv ) on graphs . the graphs encode both playlist proximity information and song similarity , using a rich combination of audio , meta - data and social features . as we demonstrate , our hybrid recommendatio ←
→ visual feature attribution using wasserstein gans ; attributing the pixels of an input image to a certain category is an important and well - studied problem in computer vision , with applications ranging from weakly supervised localisation to understanding hidden effects in the data . in recent years , approaches based on interpreting a previously trained neural network classifier have become the de facto state - of - the - art and are commonly used on medical as well as natural image datasets . in this paper , we disc ←
→ unsupervised low - dimensional vector representations for words , phrases and text that are transparent , scalable , and produce similarity metrics that are complementary to neural embeddings ; neural embeddings are a popular set of methods for representing words , phrases or text as a low dimensional vector ( typically 50 - 500 dimensions ). however , it is difficult to interpret these dimensions in a meaningful manner , and creating neural embeddings requires extensive training and tuning of multiple parameters a ←
→ online multilinear dictionary learning for sequential compressive sensing ; a method for online tensor dictionary learning is proposed . with the assumption of separable dictionaries , tensor contraction is used to diminish a $ n $- way model of $\ mathcal { o }\ left ( l ^ n \ right )$ into a simple matrix equation of $\ mathcal { o }\ left ( nl ^ 2 \ right )$ with a real - time capability . to avoid numerical instability due to inversion of sparse matrix , a class of stochastic gradient with memory is formulated via a least - square solu ←
→ cobra : a fast and simple method for active clustering with pairwise constraints ; clustering is inherently ill - posed : there often exist multiple valid clusterings of a single dataset , and without any additional information a clustering system has no way of knowing which clustering it should produce . this motivates the use of constraints in clustering , as they allow users to communicate their interests to the clustering system . active constraint - based clustering algorithms select the most useful constraint ←
→ petrosurf3d - a dataset for high - resolution 3d surface segmentation ; the development of powerful 3d scanning hardware and reconstruction algorithms has strongly promoted the generation of 3d surface reconstructions in different domains . an area of special interest for such 3d reconstructions is the cultural heritage domain , where surface reconstructions are generated to digitally preserve historical artifacts . while reconstruction quality nowadays is sufficient in many cases , the robust analysis ( e . g . segm ←
→ semi - supervised clustering for short text via deep representation learning ; in this work , we propose a semi - supervised method for short text clustering , where we represent texts as distributed vectors with neural networks , and use a small amount of labeled data to specify our intention for clustering . we design a novel objective to combine the representation learning process and the k - means clustering process together , and optimize the objective with both labeled data and unlabeled data iteratively until ←
→ ndfluents : a multi - dimensional contexts ontology ; annotating semantic data with metadata is becoming more and more important to provide information about the statements being asserted . while initial solutions proposed a data model to represent a specific dimension of meta - information ( such as time or provenance ), the need for a general annotation framework which allows representing different context dimensions is needed . in this paper , we extend the 4dfluents ontology by welty and fikes --- on associating te ←
→ camera pose filtering with local regression geodesics on the riemannian manifold of dual quaternions ; time - varying , smooth trajectory estimation is of great interest to the vision community for accurate and well behaving 3d systems . in this paper , we propose a novel principal component local regression filter acting directly on the riemannian manifold of unit dual quaternions $\ mathbb { d } \ mathbb { h } _1 $. we use a numerically stable lie algebra of the dual quaternions together with $\ exp $ and $\ log $ operato ←
→ deep structured models for group activity recognition ; this paper presents a deep neural - network - based hierarchical graphical model for individual and group activity recognition in surveillance scenes . deep networks are used to recognize the actions of individual people in a scene . next , a neural - network - based hierarchical graphical model refines the predicted labels for each class by considering dependencies between the classes . this refinement step mimics a message - passing step similar to inference in a ←
→ dictionary - based tensor canonical polyadic decomposition ; to ensure interpretability of extracted sources in tensor decomposition , we introduce in this paper a dictionary - based tensor canonical polyadic decomposition which enforces one factor to belong exactly to a known dictionary . a new formulation of sparse coding is proposed which enables high dimensional tensors dictionary - based canonical polyadic decomposition . the benefits of using a dictionary in tensor decomposition models are explored both in ter ←
→ machine learning of phonologically conditioned noun declensions for tamil morphological generators ; this paper presents machine learning solutions to a practical problem of natural language generation ( nlg ), particularly the word formation in agglutinative languages like tamil , in a supervised manner . the morphological generator is an important component of natural language processing in artificial intelligence . it generates word forms given a root and affixes . the morphophonemic changes like addition , d ←
→ dtatg : an automatic title generator based on dependency trees ; we study automatic title generation for a given block of text and present a method called dtatg to generate titles . dtatg first extracts a small number of central sentences that convey the main meanings of the text and are in a suitable structure for conversion into a title . dtatg then constructs a dependency tree for each of these sentences and removes certain branches using a dependency tree compression model we devise . we also devise a title ←
→ age group and gender recognition from human facial images ; this work presents an automatic human gender and age group recognition system based on human facial images . it makes an extensive experiment with row pixel intensity valued features and discrete cosine transform ( dct ) coefficient features with principal component analysis and k - nearest neighbor classification to identify the best recognition approach . the final results show approaches using dct coefficient outperform their counter parts resulting i ←
→ deep learning is robust to massive label noise ; deep neural networks trained on large supervised datasets have led to impressive results in image classification and other tasks . however , well - annotated datasets can be time - consuming and expensive to collect , lending increased interest to larger but noisy datasets that are more easily obtained . in this paper , we show that deep neural networks are capable of generalizing from training data for which true labels are massively outnumbered by incorrect labels . ←
→ cluster coloring of the self - organizing map : an information visualization perspective ; this paper takes an information visualization perspective to visual representations in the general som paradigm . this involves viewing som - based visualizations through the eyes of bertin ' s and tufte ' s theories on data graphics . the regular grid shape of the self - organizing map ( som ), while being a virtue for linking visualizations to it , restricts representation of cluster structures . from the viewpoint of information ←
→ supervised feature selection for diagnosis of coronary artery disease based on genetic algorithm ; feature selection ( fs ) has become the focus of much research on decision support systems areas for which data sets with tremendous number of variables are analyzed . in this paper we present a new method for the diagnosis of coronary artery diseases ( cad ) founded on genetic algorithm ( ga ) wrapped bayes naive ( bn ) based fs . basically , cad dataset contains two classes defined with 13 features . in ga bn algorith ←
→ upal : unbiased pool based active learning ; in this paper we address the problem of pool based active learning , and provide an algorithm , called upal , that works by minimizing the unbiased estimator of the risk of a hypothesis in a given hypothesis space . for the space of linear classifiers and the squared loss we show that upal is equivalent to an exponentially weighted average forecaster . exploiting some recent results regarding the spectra of random matrices allows us to establish consistency of upal whe ←
→ opentripplanner , openstreetmap , general transit feed specification : tools for disaster relief and recovery ; open trip planner was identified as the most promising open source multi - modal trip planning software . open street map , which provides mapping data to open trip planner , is one of the most well - known open source international repository of geographic data . general transit feed specification , which provides transportation data to open trip planner , has been the standard for describing transit system ←
→ fast robust pca on graphs ; mining useful clusters from high dimensional data has received significant attention of the computer vision and pattern recognition community in the recent years . linear and non - linear dimensionality reduction has played an important role to overcome the curse of dimensionality . however , often such methods are accompanied with three different problems : high computational complexity ( usually associated with the nuclear norm minimization ), non - convexity ( for matrix factorization me ←
→ matrix product state for feature extraction of higher - order tensors ; this paper introduces matrix product state ( mps ) decomposition as a computational tool for extracting features of multidimensional data represented by higher - order tensors . regardless of tensor order , mps extracts its relevant features to the so - called core tensor of maximum order three which can be used for classification . mainly based on a successive sequence of singular value decompositions ( svd ), mps is quite simple to implement witho ←
→ centroid based binary tree structured svm for multi classification ; support vector machines ( svms ) were primarily designed for 2 - class classification . but they have been extended for n - class classification also based on the requirement of multiclasses in the practical applications . although n - class classification using svm has considerable research attention , getting minimum number of classifiers at the time of training and testing is still a continuing research . we propose a new algorithm cbts - svm ( centro ←
→ learning the probabilistic structure of cumulative phenomena with suppes - bayes causal networks ; one of the critical issues when adopting bayesian networks ( bns ) to model dependencies among random variables is to " learn " their structure , given the huge search space of possible solutions , i . e ., all the possible direct acyclic graphs . this is a well - known np - hard problem , which is also complicated by known pitfalls such as the issue of i - equivalence among different structures . in this work we restrict the i ←
→ a note on the kullback - leibler divergence for the von mises - fisher distribution ; we present a derivation of the kullback leibler ( kl )- divergence ( also known as relative entropy ) for the von mises fisher ( vmf ) distribution in $ d $- dimensions .←
→ robust regression for image binarization under heavy noises and nonuniform background ; this paper presents a robust regression approach for image binarization under significant background variations and observation noises . the work is motivated by the need of identifying foreground regions in noisy microscopic image or degraded document images , where significant background variation and severe noise make an image binarization challenging . the proposed method first estimates the background of an input ima ←
→ total variation regularization for fmri - based prediction of behaviour ; while medical imaging typically provides massive amounts of data , the extraction of relevant information for predictive diagnosis remains a difficult challenge . functional mri ( fmri ) data , that provide an indirect measure of task - related or spontaneous neuronal activity , are classically analyzed in a mass - univariate procedure yielding statistical parametric maps . this analysis framework disregards some important principles of brain orga ←
→ kernel bayes ' rule ; a nonparametric kernel - based method for realizing bayes ' rule is proposed , based on representations of probabilities in reproducing kernel hilbert spaces . probabilities are uniquely characterized by the mean of the canonical map to the rkhs . the prior and conditional probabilities are expressed in terms of rkhs functions of an empirical sample : no explicit parametric model is needed for these quantities . the posterior is likewise an rkhs mean of a weighted sample . the estimator for the ←
→ temporal stability in predictive process monitoring ; predictive business process monitoring is concerned with the analysis of events produced during the execution of a business process in order to predict as early as possible the final outcome of an ongoing case . traditionally , predictive process monitoring methods are optimized with respect to accuracy . however , in environments where users make decisions and take actions in response to the predictions they receive , it is equally important to optimize the ←
→ compensating interpolation distortion by using new optimized modular method ; a modular method was suggested before to recover a band limited signal from the sample and hold and linearly interpolated ( or , in general , an nth - order - hold ) version of the regular samples . in this paper a novel approach for compensating the distortion of any interpolation based on modular method has been proposed . in this method the performance of the modular method is optimized by adding only some simply calculated coefficient ←
→ recovery of images with missing pixels using a gradient compressive sensing algorithm ; this paper investigates the possibility of reconstruction of images considering that they are sparse in the dct transformation domain . two approaches are considered . one when the image is pre - processed in the dct domain , using 8x8 blocks . the image is made sparse by setting the smallest dct coefficients to zero . in the other case the original image is considered without pre - processing , assuming the sparsity as intrinsi ←
→ a bayesian model for activities recommendation and event structure optimization using visitors tracking ; in events that are composed by many activities , there is a problem that involves retrieve and management the information of visitors that are visiting the activities . this management is crucial to find some activities that are drawing attention of visitors ; identify an ideal positioning for activities ; which path is more frequented by visitors . in this work , these features are studied using complex ne ←
→ area protection in adversarial path - finding scenarios with multiple mobile agents on graphs : a theoretical and experimental study of target - allocation strategies for defense coordination ; we address a problem of area protection in graph - based scenarios with multiple agents . the problem consists of two adversarial teams of agents that move in an undirected graph shared by both teams . agents are placed in vertices of the graph ; at most one agent can occupy a vertex ; and they can move into adjacent vertic ←
→ red : reinforced encoder - decoder networks for action anticipation ; action anticipation aims to detect an action before it happens . many real world applications in robotics and surveillance are related to this predictive capability . current methods address this problem by first anticipating visual representations of future frames and then categorizing the anticipated representations to actions . however , anticipation is based on a single past frame ' s representation , which ignores the history trend . besides , i ←
→ unimib shar : a new dataset for human activity recognition using acceleration data from smartphones ; smartphones , smartwatches , fitness trackers , and ad - hoc wearable devices are being increasingly used to monitor human activities . data acquired by the hosted sensors are usually processed by machine - learning - based algorithms to classify human activities . the success of those algorithms mostly depends on the availability of training ( labeled ) data that , if made publicly available , would allow researchers to ←
→ reformulating level sets as deep recurrent neural network approach to semantic segmentation ; variational level set ( ls ) has been a widely used method in medical segmentation . however , it is limited when dealing with multi - instance objects in the real world . in addition , its segmentation results are quite sensitive to initial settings and highly depend on the number of iterations . to address these issues and boost the classic variational ls methods to a new level of the learnable deep learning approaches ,←
→ modeling and recognition of smart grid faults by a combined approach of dissimilarity learning and one - class classification ; detecting faults in electrical power grids is of paramount importance , either from the electricity operator and consumer viewpoints . modern electric power grids ( smart grids ) are equipped with smart sensors that allow to gather real - time information regarding the physical status of all the component elements belonging to the whole infrastructure ( e . g ., cables and related insulation ←
→ a large self - annotated corpus for sarcasm ; we introduce the self - annotated reddit corpus ( sarc ), a large corpus for sarcasm research and for training and evaluating systems for sarcasm detection . the corpus has 1 . 3 million sarcastic statements -- 10 times more than any previous dataset -- and many times more instances of non - sarcastic statements , allowing for learning in regimes of both balanced and unbalanced labels . each statement is furthermore self - annotated -- sarcasm is labeled by the author and not ←
→ multiresolution elastic medical image registration in standard intensity scale ; medical image registration is a difficult problem . not only a registration algorithm needs to capture both large and small scale image deformations , it also has to deal with global and local image intensity variations . in this paper we describe a new multiresolution elastic image registration method that challenges these difficulties in image registration . to capture large and small scale image deformations , we use both globa ←
→ a comparative study of human thermal face recognition based on haar wavelet transform ( hwt ) and local binary pattern ( lbp ) ; thermal infra - red ( ir ) images focus on changes of temperature distribution on facial muscles and blood vessels . these temperature changes can be regarded as texture features of images . a comparative study of face recognition methods working in thermal spectrum is carried out in this paper . in these study two local - matching methods based on haar wavelet transform and local binary pat ←
→ a formal definition of importance for summarization ; research on summarization has mainly been driven by empirical approaches , crafting systems to perform well on standard datasets with the notion of information importance remaining latent . we argue that establishing formal theories of importance will advance our understanding of the task and further improve summarization systems . therefore , we attempt a definition of several concepts : redundancy , relevance , and informativeness within an abstract theoretic ←
→ continuous and simultaneous gesture and posture recognition for commanding a robotic wheelchair ; towards spotting the signal patterns ; spotting signal patterns with varying lengths has been still an open problem in the literature . in this study , we describe a signal pattern recognition approach for continuous and simultaneous classification of a tracked hand ' s posture and gestures and map them to steering commands for control of a robotic wheelchair . the developed methodology not only affords 100 \% recog ←
→ it - map : an effective nonlinear dimensionality reduction method for interactive clustering ; scientists in many fields have the common and basic need of dimensionality reduction : visualizing the underlying structure of the massive multivariate data in a low - dimensional space . however , many dimensionality reduction methods confront the so - called " crowding problem " that clusters tend to overlap with each other in the embedding . previously , researchers expect to avoid that problem and seek to make clusters ma ←
→ deepskeleton : skeleton map for 3d human pose regression ; despite recent success on 2d human pose estimation , 3d human pose estimation still remains an open problem . a key challenge is the ill - posed depth ambiguity nature . this paper presents a novel intermediate feature representation named skeleton map for regression . it distills structural context from irrelavant properties of rgb image e . g . illumination and texture . it is simple , clean and can be easily generated via deconvolution network . for the first ←
→ automatic brain tumor detection and segmentation using u - net based fully convolutional networks ; a major challenge in brain tumor treatment planning and quantitative evaluation is determination of the tumor extent . the noninvasive magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) technique has emerged as a front - line diagnostic tool for brain tumors without ionizing radiation . manual segmentation of brain tumor extent from 3d mri volumes is a very time - consuming task and the performance is highly relied on operator ' s exp ←
→ quantum autoencoders via quantum adders with genetic algorithms ; the quantum autoencoder is a recent paradigm in the field of quantum machine learning , which may enable an enhanced use of resources in quantum technologies . to this end , quantum neural networks with less nodes in the inner than in the outer layers were considered . here , we propose a useful connection between approximate quantum adders and quantum autoencoders . specifically , this link allows us to employ optimized approximate quantum adders , ←
→ a neurobiologically motivated analysis of distributional semantic models ; the pervasive use of distributional semantic models or word embeddings in a variety of research fields is due to their remarkable ability to represent the meanings of words for both practical application and cognitive modeling . however , little has been known about what kind of information is encoded in text - based word vectors . this lack of understanding is particularly problematic when word vectors are regarded as a model of semantic ←
→ programmable agents ; we build deep rl agents that execute declarative programs expressed in formal language . the agents learn to ground the terms in this language in their environment , and can generalize their behavior at test time to execute new programs that refer to objects that were not referenced during training . the agents develop disentangled interpretable representations that allow them to generalize to a wide variety of zero - shot semantic tasks .←
→ understanding evolutionary potential in virtual cpu instruction set architectures ; we investigate fundamental decisions in the design of instruction set architectures for linear genetic programs that are used as both model systems in evolutionary biology and underlying solution representations in evolutionary computation . we subjected digital organisms with each tested architecture to seven different computational environments designed to present a range of evolutionary challenges . our goal was to engine ←
→ adaptive seeding for gaussian mixture models ; we present new initialization methods for the expectation - maximization algorithm for multivariate gaussian mixture models . our methods are adaptions of the well - known $ k $- means ++ initialization and the gonzalez algorithm . thereby we aim to close the gap between simple random , e . g . uniform , and complex methods , that crucially depend on the right choice of hyperparameters . our extensive experiments indicate the usefulness of our methods compared to common techniq ←
→ randomized algorithms for large scale svms ; we propose a randomized algorithm for training support vector machines ( svms ) on large datasets . by using ideas from random projections we show that the combinatorial dimension of svms is $ o ({ log } n )$ with high probability . this estimate of combinatorial dimension is used to derive an iterative algorithm , called randsvm , which at each step calls an existing solver to train svms on a randomly chosen subset of size $ o ({ log } n )$. the algorithm has probabilistic guara ←
→ deep learning and data assimilation for real - time production prediction in natural gas wells ; the prediction of the gas production from mature gas wells , due to their complex end - of - life behavior , is challenging and crucial for operational decision making . in this paper , we apply a modified deep lstm model for prediction of the gas flow rates in mature gas wells , including the uncertainties in input parameters . additionally , due to changes in the system in time and in order to increase the accuracy and r ←
→ domain - adaptive deep network compression ; deep neural networks trained on large datasets can be easily transferred to new domains with far fewer labeled examples by a process called fine - tuning . this has the advantage that representations learned in the large source domain can be exploited on smaller target domains . however , networks designed to be optimal for the source task are often prohibitively large for the target task . in this work we address the compression of networks after domain transfer . we f ←
→ robust dequantized compressive sensing ; we consider the reconstruction problem in compressed sensing in which the observations are recorded in a finite number of bits . they may thus contain quantization errors ( from being rounded to the nearest representable value ) and saturation errors ( from being outside the range of representable values ). our formulation has an objective of weighted $\ ell_2 $-$\ ell_1 $ type , along with constraints that account explicitly for quantization and saturation errors , and is solv ←
→ directional statistics on permutations ; distributions over permutations arise in applications ranging from multi - object tracking to ranking of instances . the difficulty of dealing with these distributions is caused by the size of their domain , which is factorial in the number of considered entities ($ n !$). it makes the direct definition of a multinomial distribution over permutation space impractical for all but a very small $ n $. in this work we propose an embedding of all $ n !$ permutations for a given $ n $←
→ learning local distortion visibility from image quality data - sets ; accurate prediction of local distortion visibility thresholds is critical in many image and video processing applications . existing methods require an accurate modeling of the human visual system , and are derived through pshycophysical experiments with simple , artificial stimuli . these approaches , however , are difficult to generalize to natural images with complex types of distortion . in this paper , we explore a different perspective , and w ←
→ utility - based control for computer vision ; several key issues arise in implementing computer vision recognition of world objects in terms of bayesian networks . computational efficiency is a driving force . perceptual networks are very deep , typically fifteen levels of structure . images are wide , e . g ., an unspecified - number of edges may appear anywhere in an image 512 x 512 pixels or larger . for efficiency , we dynamically instantiate hypotheses of observed objects . the network is not fixed , but is created in ←
→ incorporating intra - class variance to fine - grained visual recognition ; fine - grained visual recognition aims to capture discriminative characteristics amongst visually similar categories . the state - of - the - art research work has significantly improved the fine - grained recognition performance by deep metric learning using triplet network . however , the impact of intra - category variance on the performance of recognition and robust feature representation has not been well studied . in this paper , we propose to lev ←
→ learning causal bayes networks using interventional path queries in polynomial time and sample complexity ; causal discovery from empirical data is a fundamental problem in many scientific domains . observational data allows for identifiability only up to markov equivalence class . in this paper we first propose a polynomial time algorithm for learning the exact correctly - oriented structure of the transitive reduction of any causal bayesian networks with high probability , by using interventional path querie ←
→ network in network ; we propose a novel deep network structure called " network in network " ( nin ) to enhance model discriminability for local patches within the receptive field . the conventional convolutional layer uses linear filters followed by a nonlinear activation function to scan the input . instead , we build micro neural networks with more complex structures to abstract the data within the receptive field . we instantiate the micro neural network with a multilayer perceptron , which is a potent function ←
→ learning a robust representation via a deep network on symmetric positive definite manifolds ; recent studies have shown that aggregating convolutional features of a pre - trained convolutional neural network ( cnn ) can obtain impressive performance for a variety of visual tasks . the symmetric positive definite ( spd ) matrix becomes a powerful tool due to its remarkable ability to learn an appropriate statistic representation to characterize the underlying structure of visual features . in this paper , we propo ←
→ two - stream convolutional networks for action recognition in videos ; we investigate architectures of discriminatively trained deep convolutional networks ( convnets ) for action recognition in video . the challenge is to capture the complementary information on appearance from still frames and motion between frames . we also aim to generalise the best performing hand - crafted features within a data - driven learning framework . our contribution is three - fold . first , we propose a two - stream convnet architecture wh ←
→ a truncated em approach for spike - and - slab sparse coding ; we study inference and learning based on a sparse coding model with ` spike - and - slab ' prior . as in standard sparse coding , the model used assumes independent latent sources that linearly combine to generate data points . however , instead of using a standard sparse prior such as a laplace distribution , we study the application of a more flexible ` spike - and - slab ' distribution which models the absence or presence of a source ' s contribution independently ←
→ contextual lstm ( clstm ) models for large scale nlp tasks ; documents exhibit sequential structure at multiple levels of abstraction ( e . g ., sentences , paragraphs , sections ). these abstractions constitute a natural hierarchy for representing the context in which to infer the meaning of words and larger fragments of text . in this paper , we present clstm ( contextual lstm ), an extension of the recurrent neural network lstm ( long - short term memory ) model , where we incorporate contextual features ( e . g ., topics ) in ←
→ weighted double deep multiagent reinforcement learning in stochastic cooperative environments ; despite single agent deep reinforcement learning has achieved significant success due to the experience replay mechanism , concerns should be reconsidered in multiagent environments . this work focus on the stochastic cooperative environment . we apply a specific adaptation to one recently proposed weighted double estimator and propose a multiagent deep reinforcement learning framework , named weighted double deep ←
→ a 4d light - field dataset and cnn architectures for material recognition ; we introduce a new light - field dataset of materials , and take advantage of the recent success of deep learning to perform material recognition on the 4d light - field . our dataset contains 12 material categories , each with 100 images taken with a lytro illum , from which we extract about 30 , 000 patches in total . to the best of our knowledge , this is the first mid - size dataset for light - field images . our main goal is to investigate whethe ←
→ value based argumentation frameworks ; this paper introduces the notion of value - based argumentation frameworks , an extension of the standard argumentation frameworks proposed by dung , which are able toshow how rational decision is possible in cases where arguments derive their force from the social values their acceptance would promote .←
→ a bag - of - paths framework for network data analysis ; this work develops a generic framework , called the bag - of - paths ( bop ), for link and network data analysis . the central idea is to assign a probability distribution on the set of all paths in a network . more precisely , a gibbs - boltzmann distribution is defined over a bag of paths in a network , that is , on a representation that considers all paths independently . we show that , under this distribution , the probability of drawing a path connecting two nodes ca ←
→ local and global gestalt laws : a neurally based spectral approach ; a mathematical model of figure - ground articulation is presented , taking into account both local and global gestalt laws . the model is compatible with the functional architecture of the primary visual cortex ( v1 ). particularly the local gestalt law of good continuity is described by means of suitable connectivity kernels , that are derived from lie group theory and are neurally implemented in long range connectivity in v1 . different kernels a ←
→ local distance metric learning for nearest neighbor algorithm ; distance metric learning is a successful way to enhance the performance of the nearest neighbor classifier . in most cases , however , the distribution of data does not obey a regular form and may change in different parts of the feature space . regarding that , this paper proposes a novel local distance metric learning method , namely local mahalanobis distance learning ( lmdl ), in order to enhance the performance of the nearest neighbor classifier . ←
→ an automatic deep learning approach for coronary artery calcium segmentation ; coronary artery calcium ( cac ) is a significant marker of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular events . in this work we present a system for the automatic quantification of calcium score in ecg - triggered non - contrast enhanced cardiac computed tomography ( ct ) images . the proposed system uses a supervised deep learning algorithm , i . e . convolutional neural network ( cnn ) for the segmentation and classification of candidate lesions as c ←
→ exploring food detection using cnns ; one of the most common critical factors directly related to the cause of a chronic disease is unhealthy diet consumption . in this sense , building an automatic system for food analysis could allow a better understanding of the nutritional information with respect to the food eaten and thus it could help in taking corrective actions in order to consume a better diet . the computer vision community has focused its efforts on several areas involved in the visual food analysi ←
→ consistent feature attribution for tree ensembles ; note that a newer expanded version of this paper is now available at : arxiv : 1802 . 03888 it is critical in many applications to understand what features are important for a model , and why individual predictions were made . for tree ensemble methods these questions are usually answered by attributing importance values to input features , either globally or for a single prediction . here we show that current feature attribution methods are inconsistent , which m ←
→ relative density and exact recovery in heterogeneous stochastic block models ; the stochastic block model ( sbm ) is a widely used random graph model for networks with communities . despite the recent burst of interest in recovering communities in the sbm from statistical and computational points of view , there are still gaps in understanding the fundamental information theoretic and computational limits of recovery . in this paper , we consider the sbm in its full generality , where there is no restriction on ←
→ joint semantic and motion segmentation for dynamic scenes using deep convolutional networks ; dynamic scene understanding is a challenging problem and motion segmentation plays a crucial role in solving it . incorporating semantics and motion enhances the overall perception of the dynamic scene . for applications of outdoor robotic navigation , joint learning methods have not been extensively used for extracting spatio - temporal features or adding different priors into the formulation . the task becomes even m ←
→ exploiting sparsity to build efficient kernel based collaborative filtering for top - n item recommendation ; the increasing availability of implicit feedback datasets has raised the interest in developing effective collaborative filtering techniques able to deal asymmetrically with unambiguous positive feedback and ambiguous negative feedback . in this paper , we propose a principled kernel - based collaborative filtering method for top - n item recommendation with implicit feedback . we present an efficient impl ←
→ utd - crss systems for 2016 nist speaker recognition evaluation ; this document briefly describes the systems submitted by the center for robust speech systems ( crss ) from the university of texas at dallas ( utd ) to the 2016 national institute of standards and technology ( nist ) speaker recognition evaluation ( sre ). we developed several ubm and dnn i - vector based speaker recognition systems with different data sets and feature representations . given that the emphasis of the nist sre 2016 is on language mismatch ←
→ a novel metaheuristic method for solving constrained engineering optimization problems : drone squadron optimization ; several constrained optimization problems have been adequately solved over the years thanks to advances in the metaheuristics area . in this paper , we evaluate a novel self - adaptive and auto - constructive metaheuristic called drone squadron optimization ( dso ) in solving constrained engineering design problems . this paper evaluates dso with death penalty on three widely tested engineering des ←
→ an efficient framework for learning sentence representations ; in this work we propose a simple and efficient framework for learning sentence representations from unlabelled data . drawing inspiration from the distributional hypothesis and recent work on learning sentence representations , we reformulate the problem of predicting the context in which a sentence appears as a classification problem . given a sentence and its context , a classifier distinguishes context sentences from other contrastive sentences b ←
→ a benchmark and comparison of active learning for logistic regression ; various active learning methods based on logistic regression have been proposed . in this paper , we investigate seven state - of - the - art strategies , present an extensive benchmark , and provide a better understanding of their underlying characteristics . experiments are carried out both on 3 synthetic datasets and 43 real - world datasets , providing insights into the behaviour of these active learning methods with respect to classification acc ←
→ extraction of keyphrases from text : evaluation of four algorithms ; this report presents an empirical evaluation of four algorithms for automatically extracting keywords and keyphrases from documents . the four algorithms are compared using five different collections of documents . for each document , we have a target set of keyphrases , which were generated by hand . the target keyphrases were generated for human readers ; they were not tailored for any of the four keyphrase extraction algorithms . each of the al ←
→ design of arabic diacritical marks ; diacritical marks play a crucial role in meeting the criteria of usability of typographic text , such as : homogeneity , clarity and legibility . to change the diacritic of a letter in a word could completely change its semantic . the situation is very complicated with multilingual text . indeed , the problem of design becomes more difficult by the presence of diacritics that come from various scripts ; they are used for different purposes , and are controlled by various typograp ←
→ autogenic training with natural language processing modules : a recent tool for certain neuro cognitive studies ; learning to respond to voice - text input involves the subject ' s ability in understanding the phonetic and text based contents and his / her ability to communicate based on his / her experience . the neuro - cognitive facility of the subject has to support two important domains in order to make the learning process complete . in many cases , though the understanding is complete , the response is partial . t ←
→ continuation of nesterov ' s smoothing for regression with structured sparsity in high - dimensional neuroimaging ; predictive models can be used on high - dimensional brain images for diagnosis of a clinical condition . spatial regularization through structured sparsity offers new perspectives in this context and reduces the risk of overfitting the model while providing interpretable neuroimaging signatures by forcing the solution to adhere to domain - specific constraints . total variation ( tv ) enforces spatial s ←
→ face expression recognition and analysis : the state of the art ; the automatic recognition of facial expressions has been an active research topic since the early nineties . there have been several advances in the past few years in terms of face detection and tracking , feature extraction mechanisms and the techniques used for expression classification . this paper surveys some of the published work since 2001 till date . the paper presents a time - line view of the advances made in this field , the applications o ←
→ composing graphical models with neural networks for structured representations and fast inference ; we propose a general modeling and inference framework that composes probabilistic graphical models with deep learning methods and combines their respective strengths . our model family augments graphical structure in latent variables with neural network observation models . for inference , we extend variational autoencoders to use graphical model approximating distributions with recognition networks that outpu ←
→ an information - theoretic derivation of min - cut based clustering ; min - cut clustering , based on minimizing one of two heuristic cost - functions proposed by shi and malik , has spawned tremendous research , both analytic and algorithmic , in the graph partitioning and image segmentation communities over the last decade . it is however unclear if these heuristics can be derived from a more general principle facilitating generalization to new problem settings . motivated by an existing graph partitioning framework , w ←
→ theory and tools for the conversion of analog to spiking convolutional neural networks ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnns ) have shown great potential for numerous real - world machine learning applications , but performing inference in large cnns in real - time remains a challenge . we have previously demonstrated that traditional cnns can be converted into deep spiking neural networks ( snns ), which exhibit similar accuracy while reducing both latency and computational load as a consequence of their dat ←
→ an end - to - end generative framework for video segmentation and recognition ; we describe an end - to - end generative approach for the segmentation and recognition of human activities . in this approach , a visual representation based on reduced fisher vectors is combined with a structured temporal model for recognition . we show that the statistical properties of fisher vectors make them an especially suitable front - end for generative models such as gaussian mixtures . the system is evaluated for both the recogni ←
→ cooperative hierarchical dirichlet processes : superposition vs . maximization ; the cooperative hierarchical structure is a common and significant data structure observed in , or adopted by , many research areas , such as : text mining ( author - paper - word ) and multi - label classification ( label - instance - feature ). renowned bayesian approaches for cooperative hierarchical structure modeling are mostly based on topic models . however , these approaches suffer from a serious issue in that the number of hidden topics / f ←
→ data reduction in intrusion alert correlation ; network intrusion detection sensors are usually built around low level models of network traffic . this means that their output is of a similarly low level and as a consequence , is difficult to analyze . intrusion alert correlation is the task of automating some of this analysis by grouping related alerts together . attack graphs provide an intuitive model for such analysis . unfortunately alert flooding attacks can still cause a loss of service on sensors , and wh ←
→ improving neural machine translation through phrase - based forced decoding ; compared to traditional statistical machine translation ( smt ), neural machine translation ( nmt ) often sacrifices adequacy for the sake of fluency . we propose a method to combine the advantages of traditional smt and nmt by exploiting an existing phrase - based smt model to compute the phrase - based decoding cost for an nmt output and then using this cost to rerank the n - best nmt outputs . the main challenge in implementing this approa ←
→ boxcars : improving fine - grained recognition of vehicles using 3 - d bounding boxes in traffic surveillance ; in this paper , we focus on fine - grained recognition of vehicles mainly in traffic surveillance applications . we propose an approach that is orthogonal to recent advancements in fine - grained recognition ( automatic part discovery and bilinear pooling ). in addition , in contrast to other methods focused on fine - grained recognition of vehicles , we do not limit ourselves to a frontal / rear viewpoint , but al ←
→ cuckoo search inspired hybridization of the nelder - mead simplex algorithm applied to optimization of photovoltaic cells ; a new hybridization of the cuckoo search ( cs ) is developed and applied to optimize multi - cell solar systems ; namely multi - junction and split spectrum cells . the new approach consists of combining the cs with the nelder - mead method . more precisely , instead of using single solutions as nests for the cs , we use the concept of a simplex which is used in the nelder - mead algorithm . this make ←
→ multi - utility learning : structured - output learning with multiple annotation - specific loss functions ; structured - output learning is a challenging problem ; particularly so because of the difficulty in obtaining large datasets of fully labelled instances for training . in this paper we try to overcome this difficulty by presenting a multi - utility learning framework for structured prediction that can learn from training instances with different forms of supervision . we propose a unified technique for inferrin ←
→ a pac - bayesian tutorial with a dropout bound ; this tutorial gives a concise overview of existing pac - bayesian theory focusing on three generalization bounds . the first is an occam bound which handles rules with finite precision parameters and which states that generalization loss is near training loss when the number of bits needed to write the rule is small compared to the sample size . the second is a pac - bayesian bound providing a generalization guarantee for posterior distributions rather than for indiv ←
→ building generalizable agents with a realistic and rich 3d environment ; towards bridging the gap between machine and human intelligence , it is of utmost importance to introduce environments that are visually realistic and rich in content . in such environments , one can evaluate and improve a crucial property of practical intelligent systems , namely \ emph { generalization }. in this work , we build \ emph { house3d }, a rich , extensible and efficient environment that contains 45 , 622 human - designed 3d scenes of house ←
→ cidi - lung - seg : a single - click annotation tool for automatic delineation of lungs from ct scans ; accurate and fast extraction of lung volumes from computed tomography ( ct ) scans remains in a great demand in the clinical environment because the available methods fail to provide a generic solution due to wide anatomical variations of lungs and existence of pathologies . manual annotation , current gold standard , is time consuming and often subject to human bias . on the other hand , current state - of - the - art ful ←
→ analysis of a randomized approximation scheme for matrix multiplication ; this note gives a simple analysis of a randomized approximation scheme for matrix multiplication proposed by sarlos ( 2006 ) based on a random rotation followed by uniform column sampling . the result follows from a matrix version of bernstein ' s inequality and a tail inequality for quadratic forms in subgaussian random vectors .←
→ evidence combination and reasoning and its application to real - world problem - solving ; in this paper a new mathematical procedure is presented for combining different pieces of evidence which are represented in the interval form to reflect our knowledge about the truth of a hypothesis . evidences may be correlated to each other ( dependent evidences ) or conflicting in supports ( conflicting evidences ). first , assuming independent evidences , we propose a methodology to construct combination rules which obey a ←
→ an accurate and real - time self - blast glass insulator location method based on faster r - cnn and u - net with aerial images ; the location of broken insulators in aerial images is a challenging task . this paper , focusing on the self - blast glass insulator , proposes a deep learning solution . we address the broken insulators location problem as a low signal - noise - ratio image location framework with two modules : 1 ) object detection based on fast r - cnn , and 2 ) classification of pixels based on u - net . a diverse aer ←
→ temporally efficient deep learning with spikes ; the vast majority of natural sensory data is temporally redundant . video frames or audio samples which are sampled at nearby points in time tend to have similar values . typically , deep learning algorithms take no advantage of this redundancy to reduce computation . this can be an obscene waste of energy . we present a variant on backpropagation for neural networks in which computation scales with the rate of change of the data - not the rate at which we process ←
→ when lempel - ziv - welch meets machine learning : a case study of accelerating machine learning using coding ; in this paper we study the use of coding techniques to accelerate machine learning ( ml ). coding techniques , such as prefix codes , have been extensively studied and used to accelerate low - level data processing primitives such as scans in a relational database system . however , there is little work on how to exploit them to accelerate ml algorithms . in fact , applying coding techniques for faster ml face ←
→ intelligent anticipated exploration of web sites ; in this paper we describe a web search agent , called global search agent ( hereafter gsa for short ). gsa integrates and enhances several search techniques in order to achieve significant improvements in the user - perceived quality of delivered information as compared to usual web search engines . gsa features intelligent merging of relevant documents from different search engines , anticipated selective exploration and evaluation of links from the current resul ←
→ information tracking approach to segmentation of ultrasound imagery of prostate ; the size and geometry of the prostate are known to be pivotal quantities used by clinicians to assess the condition of the gland during prostate cancer screening . as an alternative to palpation , an increasing number of methods for estimation of the above - mentioned quantities are based on using imagery data of prostate . the necessity to process large volumes of such data creates a need for automatic segmentation tools which w ←
→ circumventing the curse of dimensionality in prediction : causal rate - distortion for infinite - order markov processes ; predictive rate - distortion analysis suffers from the curse of dimensionality : clustering arbitrarily long pasts to retain information about arbitrarily long futures requires resources that typically grow exponentially with length . the challenge is compounded for infinite - order markov processes , since conditioning on finite sequences cannot capture all of their past dependencies . spectral a ←
→ rethinking spatiotemporal feature learning for video understanding ; in this paper we study 3d convolutional networks for video understanding tasks . our starting point is the state - of - the - art i3d model , which " inflates " all the 2d filters of the inception architecture to 3d . we first consider " deflating " the i3d model at various levels to understand the role of 3d convolutions . interestingly , we found that 3d convolutions at the top layers of the network contribute more than 3d convolutions at the bottom la ←
→ learning to generate with memory ; memory units have been widely used to enrich the capabilities of deep networks on capturing long - term dependencies in reasoning and prediction tasks , but little investigation exists on deep generative models ( dgms ) which are good at inferring high - level invariant representations from unlabeled data . this paper presents a deep generative model with a possibly large external memory and an attention mechanism to capture the local detail information that is often lost in the b ←
→ discovering explainable latent covariance structure for multiple time series ; analyzing time series data is important to predict future events and changes in finance , manufacturing , and administrative decisions . gaussian processes ( gps ) solve regression and classification problems by choosing appropriate kernels capturing covariance structure of data . in time series analysis , gp based regression methods recently demonstrate competitive performance by decomposing temporal covariance structure . such covari ←
→ optimal measurement of visual motion across spatial and temporal scales ; sensory systems use limited resources to mediate the perception of a great variety of objects and events . here a normative framework is presented for exploring how the problem of efficient allocation of resources can be solved in visual perception . starting with a basic property of every measurement , captured by gabor ' s uncertainty relation about the location and frequency content of signals , prescriptions are developed for optimal al ←
→ image denoising using group sparsity residual and external nonlocal self - similarity prior ; nonlocal image representation has been successfully used in many image - related inverse problems including denoising , deblurring and deblocking . however , a majority of reconstruction methods only exploit the nonlocal self - similarity ( nss ) prior of the degraded observation image , it is very challenging to reconstruct the latent clean image . in this paper we propose a novel model for image denoising via group sparsity ←
→ cyclegan , a master of steganography ; cyclegan ( zhu et al . 2017 ) is one recent successful approach to learn a transformation between two image distributions . in a series of experiments , we demonstrate an intriguing property of the model : cyclegan learns to " hide " information about a source image into the images it generates in a nearly imperceptible , high - frequency signal . this trick ensures that the generator can recover the original sample and thus satisfy the cyclic consistency requirement , while the gen ←
→ embedding of blink frequency in electrooculography signal using difference expansion based reversible watermarking technique ; in the past few years , like other fields , rapid expansion of digitization and globalization has influenced the medical field as well . for progress of diagnostic results most of the reputed hospitals and diagnostic centres all over the world have started exchanging medical information . in this proposed method , the calculated diagnostic parametric values of the original electrooculo ←
→ mlpack : a scalable c ++ machine learning library ; mlpack is a state - of - the - art , scalable , multi - platform c ++ machine learning library released in late 2011 offering both a simple , consistent api accessible to novice users and high performance and flexibility to expert users by leveraging modern features of c ++. mlpack provides cutting - edge algorithms whose benchmarks exhibit far better performance than other leading machine learning libraries . mlpack version 1 . 0 . 3 , licensed under the lgpl , is available at h ←
→ balancing selection pressures , multiple objectives , and neural modularity to coevolve cooperative agent behavior ; previous research using evolutionary computation in multi - agent systems indicates that assigning fitness based on team vs .\ individual behavior has a strong impact on the ability of evolved teams of artificial agents to exhibit teamwork in challenging tasks . however , such research only made use of single - objective evolution . in contrast , when a multiobjective evolutionary algorithm is used , p ←
→ a more globally accurate dimensionality reduction method using triplets ; we first show that the commonly used dimensionality reduction ( dr ) methods such as t - sne and largevis poorly capture the global structure of the data in the low dimensional embedding . we show this via a number of tests for the dr methods that can be easily applied by any practitioner to the dataset at hand . surprisingly enough , t - sne performs the best w . r . t . the commonly used measures that reward the local neighborhood accuracy such a ←
→ event - based , 6 - dof camera tracking from photometric depth maps ; event cameras are bio - inspired vision sensors that output pixel - level brightness changes instead of standard intensity frames . these cameras do not suffer from motion blur and have a very high dynamic range , which enables them to provide reliable visual information during high - speed motions or in scenes characterized by high dynamic range . these features , along with a very low power consumption , make event cameras an ideal complement to standa ←
→ distributed parameter estimation of discrete hierarchical models via marginal likelihoods ; we consider discrete graphical models markov with respect to a graph $ g $ and propose two distributed marginal methods to estimate the maximum likelihood estimate of the canonical parameter of the model . both methods are based on a relaxation of the marginal likelihood obtained by considering the density of the variables represented by a vertex $ v $ of $ g $ and a neighborhood . the two methods differ by the size of the ←
→ multidimensional membership mixture models ; we present the multidimensional membership mixture ( m3 ) models where every dimension of the membership represents an independent mixture model and each data point is generated from the selected mixture components jointly . this is helpful when the data has a certain shared structure . for example , three unique means and three unique variances can effectively form a gaussian mixture model with nine components , while requiring only six parameters to fully describe it ←
→ observational learning by reinforcement learning ; observational learning is a type of learning that occurs as a function of observing , retaining and possibly replicating or imitating the behaviour of another agent . it is a core mechanism appearing in various instances of social learning and has been found to be employed in several intelligent species , including humans . in this paper , we investigate to what extent the explicit modelling of other agents is necessary to achieve observational learning through ←
→ natasha 2 : faster non - convex optimization than sgd ; we design a stochastic algorithm to train any smooth neural network to $\ varepsilon $- approximate local minima , using $ o (\ varepsilon ^{- 3 . 25 })$ backpropagations . the best result was essentially $ o (\ varepsilon ^{- 4 })$ by sgd . more broadly , it finds $\ varepsilon $- approximate local minima of any smooth nonconvex function in rate $ o (\ varepsilon ^{- 3 . 25 })$, with only oracle access to stochastic gradients .←
→ fast bayesian optimization of machine learning hyperparameters on large datasets ; bayesian optimization has become a successful tool for hyperparameter optimization of machine learning algorithms , such as support vector machines or deep neural networks . despite its success , for large datasets , training and validating a single configuration often takes hours , days , or even weeks , which limits the achievable performance . to accelerate hyperparameter optimization , we propose a generative model for the valid ←
→ robust hierarchical clustering ; one of the most widely used techniques for data clustering is agglomerative clustering . such algorithms have been long used across many different fields ranging from computational biology to social sciences to computer vision in part because their output is easy to interpret . unfortunately , it is well known , however , that many of the classic agglomerative clustering algorithms are not robust to noise . in this paper we propose and analyze a new robust algorithm for bottom - up ←
→ measuring the meaning of words in contexts : an automated analysis of controversies about monarch butterflies , frankenfoods , and stem cells ; co - words have been considered as carriers of meaning across different domains in studies of science , technology , and society . words and co - words , however , obtain meaning in sentences , and sentences obtain meaning in their contexts of use . at the science / society interface , words can be expected to have different meanings : the codes of communication that provide meanin ←
→ an iot real - time biometric authentication system based on ecg fiducial extracted features using discrete cosine transform ; the conventional authentication technologies , like rfid tags and authentication cards / badges , suffer from different weaknesses , therefore a prompt replacement to use biometric method of authentication should be applied instead . biometrics , such as fingerprints , voices , and ecg signals , are unique human characters that can be used for authentication processing . in this work , we presen ←
→ shake - shake regularization ; the method introduced in this paper aims at helping deep learning practitioners faced with an overfit problem . the idea is to replace , in a multi - branch network , the standard summation of parallel branches with a stochastic affine combination . applied to 3 - branch residual networks , shake - shake regularization improves on the best single shot published results on cifar - 10 and cifar - 100 by reaching test errors of 2 . 86 % and 15 . 85 %. experiments on architectures without skip connectio ←
→ feature selection strategies for classifying high dimensional astronomical data sets ; the amount of collected data in many scientific fields is increasing , all of them requiring a common task : extract knowledge from massive , multi parametric data sets , as rapidly and efficiently possible . this is especially true in astronomy where synoptic sky surveys are enabling new research frontiers in the time domain astronomy and posing several new object classification challenges in multi dimensional spaces ; given ←
→ exploration in nethack with secret discovery ; roguelike games generally feature exploration problems as a critical , yet often repetitive element of gameplay . automated approaches , however , face challenges in terms of optimality , as well as due to incomplete information , such as from the presence of secret doors . this paper presents an algorithmic approach to exploration of roguelike dungeon environments . our design aims to minimize exploration time , balancing coverage and discovery of secret areas with res ←
→ beyond log - concavity : provable guarantees for sampling multi - modal distributions using simulated tempering langevin monte carlo ; a key task in bayesian statistics is sampling from distributions that are only specified up to a partition function ( i . e ., constant of proportionality ). however , without any assumptions , sampling ( even approximately ) can be # p - hard , and few works have provided " beyond worst - case " guarantees for such settings . for log - concave distributions , classical results going back to bakr ←
→ modeling epistemological principles for bias mitigation in ai systems : an illustration in hiring decisions ; artificial intelligence ( ai ) has been used extensively in automatic decision making in a broad variety of scenarios , ranging from credit ratings for loans to recommendations of movies . traditional design guidelines for ai models focus essentially on accuracy maximization , but recent work has shown that economically irrational and socially unacceptable scenarios of discrimination and unfairness are ←
→ dcdistance : a supervised text document feature extraction based on class labels ; text mining is a field that aims at extracting information from textual data . one of the challenges of such field of study comes from the pre - processing stage in which a vector ( and structured ) representation should be extracted from unstructured data . the common extraction creates large and sparse vectors representing the importance of each term to a document . as such , this usually leads to the curse - of - dimensionality that ←
→ learning to explain non - standard english words and phrases ; we describe a data - driven approach for automatically explaining new , non - standard english expressions in a given sentence , building on a large dataset that includes 15 years of crowdsourced examples from urbandictionary . com . unlike prior studies that focus on matching keywords from a slang dictionary , we investigate the possibility of learning a neural sequence - to - sequence model that generates explanations of unseen non - standard english expression ←
→ how far are we from solving the 2d & 3d face alignment problem ? ( and a dataset of 230 , 000 3d facial landmarks ) ; this paper investigates how far a very deep neural network is from attaining close to saturating performance on existing 2d and 3d face alignment datasets . to this end , we make the following 5 contributions : ( a ) we construct , for the first time , a very strong baseline by combining a state - of - the - art architecture for landmark localization with a state - of - the - art residual block , train it on a ver ←
→ a novel equation based classifier for detecting human in images ; shape based classification is one of the most challenging tasks in the field of computer vision . shapes play a vital role in object recognition . the basic shapes in an image can occur in varying scale , position and orientation . and specially when detecting human , the task becomes more challenging owing to the largely varying size , shape , posture and clothing of human . so , in our work we detect human , based on the head - shoulder shape as it is ←
→ multiple classifier combination for off - line handwritten devnagari character recognition ; this work presents the application of weighted majority voting technique for combination of classification decision obtained from three multi_layer perceptron ( mlp ) based classifiers for recognition of handwritten devnagari characters using three different feature sets . the features used are intersection , shadow feature and chain code histogram features . shadow features are computed globally for character image while ←
→ efficient superimposition recovering algorithm ; in this article , we address the issue of recovering latent transparent layers from superimposition images . here , we assume we have the estimated transformations and extracted gradients of latent layers . to rapidly recover high - quality image layers , we propose an efficient superimposition recovering algorithm ( esra ) by extending the framework of accelerated gradient method . in addition , a key building block ( in each iteration ) in our proposed method is the pro ←
→ multispectral palmprint recognition using a hybrid feature ; personal identification problem has been a major field of research in recent years . biometrics - based technologies that exploit fingerprints , iris , face , voice and palmprints , have been in the center of attention to solve this problem . palmprints can be used instead of fingerprints that have been of the earliest of these biometrics technologies . a palm is covered with the same skin as the fingertips but has a larger surface , giving us more informat ←
→ unitary evolution recurrent neural networks ; recurrent neural networks ( rnns ) are notoriously difficult to train . when the eigenvalues of the hidden to hidden weight matrix deviate from absolute value 1 , optimization becomes difficult due to the well studied issue of vanishing and exploding gradients , especially when trying to learn long - term dependencies . to circumvent this problem , we propose a new architecture that learns a unitary weight matrix , with eigenvalues of absolute value exactly 1 . the challen ←
→ double sparse multi - frame image super resolution ; a large number of image super resolution algorithms based on the sparse coding are proposed , and some algorithms realize the multi - frame super resolution . in multi - frame super resolution based on the sparse coding , both accurate image registration and sparse coding are required . previous study on multi - frame super resolution based on sparse coding firstly apply block matching for image registration , followed by sparse coding to enhance the image resolution .←
→ why global performance is a poor metric for verifying convergence of multi - agent learning ; experimental verification has been the method of choice for verifying the stability of a multi - agent reinforcement learning ( marl ) algorithm as the number of agents grows and theoretical analysis becomes prohibitively complex . for cooperative agents , where the ultimate goal is to optimize some global metric , the stability is usually verified by observing the evolution of the global performance metric over time . if ←
→ stacked deconvolutional network for semantic segmentation ; recent progress in semantic segmentation has been driven by improving the spatial resolution under fully convolutional networks ( fcns ). to address this problem , we propose a stacked deconvolutional network ( sdn ) for semantic segmentation . in sdn , multiple shallow deconvolutional networks , which are called as sdn units , are stacked one by one to integrate contextual information and guarantee the fine recovery of localization information . meanwhile , ←
→ matrix completion has no spurious local minimum ; matrix completion is a basic machine learning problem that has wide applications , especially in collaborative filtering and recommender systems . simple non - convex optimization algorithms are popular and effective in practice . despite recent progress in proving various non - convex algorithms converge from a good initial point , it remains unclear why random or arbitrary initialization suffices in practice . we prove that the commonly used non - convex objective fu ←
→ chasing ghosts : competing with stateful policies ; we consider sequential decision making in a setting where regret is measured with respect to a set of stateful reference policies , and feedback is limited to observing the rewards of the actions performed ( the so called " bandit " setting ). if either the reference policies are stateless rather than stateful , or the feedback includes the rewards of all actions ( the so called " expert " setting ), previous work shows that the optimal regret grows like $\ theta (\ sqr ←
→ comparison of brain networks with unknown correspondences ; graph theory has drawn a lot of attention in the field of neuroscience during the last decade , mainly due to the abundance of tools that it provides to explore the interactions of elements in a complex network like the brain . the local and global organization of a brain network can shed light on mechanisms of complex cognitive functions , while disruptions within the network can be linked to neurodevelopmental disorders . in this effort , the construc ←
→ spatiotemporal residual networks for video action recognition ; two - stream convolutional networks ( convnets ) have shown strong performance for human action recognition in videos . recently , residual networks ( resnets ) have arisen as a new technique to train extremely deep architectures . in this paper , we introduce spatiotemporal resnets as a combination of these two approaches . our novel architecture generalizes resnets for the spatiotemporal domain by introducing residual connections in two ways . first , we ←
→ store location selection via mining search query logs of baidu maps ; choosing a good location when opening a new store is crucial for the future success of a business . traditional methods include offline manual survey , which is very time consuming , and analytic models based on census data , which are un - able to adapt to the dynamic market . the rapid increase of the availability of big data from various types of mobile devices , such as online query data and offline positioning data , provides us with the pos ←
→ filtering variational objectives ; when used as a surrogate objective for maximum likelihood estimation in latent variable models , the evidence lower bound ( elbo ) produces state - of - the - art results . inspired by this , we consider the extension of the elbo to a family of lower bounds defined by a particle filter ' s estimator of the marginal likelihood , the filtering variational objectives ( fivos ). fivos take the same arguments as the elbo , but can exploit a model ' s sequential structure to form tighter bounds . w ←
→ fast nonlinear embeddings via structured matrices ; we present a new paradigm for speeding up randomized computations of several frequently used functions in machine learning . in particular , our paradigm can be applied for improving computations of kernels based on random embeddings . above that , the presented framework covers multivariate randomized functions . as a byproduct , we propose an algorithmic approach that also leads to a significant reduction of space complexity . our method is based on careful rec ←
→ dual supervised learning ; many supervised learning tasks are emerged in dual forms , e . g ., english - to - french translation vs . french - to - english translation , speech recognition vs . text to speech , and image classification vs . image generation . two dual tasks have intrinsic connections with each other due to the probabilistic correlation between their models . this connection is , however , not effectively utilized today , since people usually train the models of two dual tasks separately and independently . in thi ←
→ big universe , big data : machine learning and image analysis for astronomy ; astrophysics and cosmology are rich with data . the advent of wide - area digital cameras on large aperture telescopes has led to ever more ambitious surveys of the sky . data volumes of entire surveys a decade ago can now be acquired in a single night and real - time analysis is often desired . thus , modern astronomy requires big data know - how , in particular it demands highly efficient machine learning and image analysis algorithms . but ←
→ the adaptive gril estimator with a diverging number of parameters ; we consider the problem of variables selection and estimation in linear regression model in situations where the number of parameters diverges with the sample size . we propose the adaptive generalized ridge - lasso (\ mbox { adagril }) which is an extension of the the adaptive elastic net . adagril incorporates information redundancy among correlated variables for model selection and estimation . it combines the strengths of the quadratic regulariz ←
→ comparison study for clonal selection algorithm and genetic algorithm ; two metaheuristic algorithms namely artificial immune systems ( ais ) and genetic algorithms are classified as computational systems inspired by theoretical immunology and genetics mechanisms . in this work we examine the comparative performances of two algorithms . a special selection algorithm , clonal selection algorithm ( clonalg ), which is a subset of artificial immune systems , and genetic algorithms are tested with certain benchmark fun ←
→ data dependent convergence for distributed stochastic optimization ; in this dissertation we propose alternative analysis of distributed stochastic gradient descent ( sgd ) algorithms that rely on spectral properties of the data covariance . as a consequence we can relate questions pertaining to speedups and convergence rates for distributed sgd to the data distribution instead of the regularity properties of the objective functions . more precisely we show that this rate depends on the spectral norm of the sam ←
→ stochastic neural networks with monotonic activation functions ; we propose a laplace approximation that creates a stochastic unit from any smooth monotonic activation function , using only gaussian noise . this paper investigates the application of this stochastic approximation in training a family of restricted boltzmann machines ( rbm ) that are closely linked to bregman divergences . this family , that we call exponential family rbm ( exp - rbm ), is a subset of the exponential family harmoniums that expresses fa ←
→ explicit learning curves for transduction and application to clustering and compression algorithms ; inductive learning is based on inferring a general rule from a finite data set and using it to label new data . in transduction one attempts to solve the problem of using a labeled training set to label a set of unlabeled points , which are given to the learner prior to learning . although transduction seems at the outset to be an easier task than induction , there have not been many provably useful algorithms ←
→ boosting in location space ; the goal of object detection is to find objects in an image . an object detector accepts an image and produces a list of locations as $( x , y )$ pairs . here we introduce a new concept : {\ bf location - based boosting }. location - based boosting differs from previous boosting algorithms because it optimizes a new spatial loss function to combine object detectors , each of which may have marginal performance , into a single , more accurate object detector . a structured representation of objec ←
→ self - organization of the neuron collective of optimal complexity ; the optimal complexity of neural networks is achieved when the self - organization principles is used to eliminate the contradictions existing in accordance with the k . godel theorem about incompleteness of the systems based on axiomatics . the principle of s . beer exterior addition the heuristic group method of data handling by a . ivakhnenko realized is used .←
→ the structure of verbal sequences analyzed with unsupervised learning techniques ; data mining allows the exploration of sequences of phenomena , whereas one usually tends to focus on isolated phenomena or on the relation between two phenomena . it offers invaluable tools for theoretical analyses and exploration of the structure of sentences , texts , dialogues , and speech . we report here the results of an attempt at using it for inspecting sequences of verbs from french accounts of road accidents . this analy ←
→ crf - cnn : modeling structured information in human pose estimation ; deep convolutional neural networks ( cnn ) have achieved great success . on the other hand , modeling structural information has been proved critical in many vision problems . it is of great interest to integrate them effectively . in a classical neural network , there is no message passing between neurons in the same layer . in this paper , we propose a crf - cnn framework which can simultaneously model structural information in both output and hidde ←
→ a comparison of the notions of optimality in soft constraints and graphical games ; the notion of optimality naturally arises in many areas of applied mathematics and computer science concerned with decision making . here we consider this notion in the context of two formalisms used for different purposes and in different research areas : graphical games and soft constraints . we relate the notion of optimality used in the area of soft constraint satisfaction problems ( scsps ) to that used in graphical games ,←
→ bootstrapping lexical choice via multiple - sequence alignment ; an important component of any generation system is the mapping dictionary , a lexicon of elementary semantic expressions and corresponding natural language realizations . typically , labor - intensive knowledge - based methods are used to construct the dictionary . we instead propose to acquire it automatically via a novel multiple - pass algorithm employing multiple - sequence alignment , a technique commonly used in bioinformatics . crucially , our method le ←
→ investigating how well contextual features are captured by bi - directional recurrent neural network models ; learning algorithms for natural language processing ( nlp ) tasks traditionally rely on manually defined relevant contextual features . on the other hand , neural network models using an only distributional representation of words have been successfully applied for several nlp tasks . such models learn features automatically and avoid explicit feature engineering . across several domains , neural models be ←
→ noise influence on the fuzzy - linguistic partitioning of iris code space ; this paper analyses the set of iris codes stored or used in an iris recognition system as an f - granular space . the f - granulation is given by identifying in the iris code space the extensions of the fuzzy concepts wolves , goats , lambs and sheep ( previously introduced by doddington as ' animals ' of the biometric menagerie ) - which together form a partitioning of the iris code space . the main question here is how objective ( stable / stati ←
→ detecting dependencies in sparse , multivariate databases using probabilistic programming and non - parametric bayes ; datasets with hundreds of variables and many missing values are commonplace . in this setting , it is both statistically and computationally challenging to detect true predictive relationships between variables and also to suppress false positives . this paper proposes an approach that combines probabilistic programming , information theory , and non - parametric bayes . it shows how to use bayesian ←
→ automatic symmetry based cluster approach for anomalous brain identification in pet scan image : an analysis ; medical image segmentation is referred to the segmentation of known anatomic structures from different medical images . normally , the medical data researches are more complicated and an exclusive structures . this computer aided diagnosis is used for assisting doctors in evaluating medical imagery or in recognizing abnormal findings in a medical image . to integrate the specialized knowledge for med ←
→ successive nonnegative projection algorithm for robust nonnegative blind source separation ; in this paper , we propose a new fast and robust recursive algorithm for near - separable nonnegative matrix factorization , a particular nonnegative blind source separation problem . this algorithm , which we refer to as the successive nonnegative projection algorithm ( snpa ), is closely related to the popular successive projection algorithm ( spa ), but takes advantage of the nonnegativity constraint in the decomposition ←
→ overcoming challenges in fixed point training of deep convolutional networks ; it is known that training deep neural networks , in particular , deep convolutional networks , with aggressively reduced numerical precision is challenging . the stochastic gradient descent algorithm becomes unstable in the presence of noisy gradient updates resulting from arithmetic with limited numeric precision . one of the well - accepted solutions facilitating the training of low precision fixed point networks is stochastic round ←
→ quantum interference in cognition : structural aspects of the brain ; we identify the presence of typically quantum effects , namely ' superposition ' and ' interference ', in what happens when human concepts are combined , and provide a quantum model in complex hilbert space that represents faithfully experimental data measuring the situation of combining concepts . our model shows how ' interference of concepts ' explains the effects of underextension and overextension when two concepts combine to the disjunction o ←
→ evaluating the effect of topic consideration in identifying communities of rating - based social networks ; finding meaningful communities in social network has attracted the attentions of many researchers . the community structure of complex networks reveals both their organization and hidden relations among their constituents . most of the researches in the field of community detection mainly focus on the topological structure of the network without performing any content analysis . nowadays , real world soci ←
→ ellipsoidal rounding for nonnegative matrix factorization under noisy separability ; we present a numerical algorithm for nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) problems under noisy separability . an nmf problem under separability can be stated as one of finding all vertices of the convex hull of data points . the research interest of this paper is to find the vectors as close to the vertices as possible in a situation in which noise is added to the data points . our algorithm is designed to capture the shap ←
→ learning computational grammars ; this paper reports on the " learning computational grammars " ( lcg ) project , a postdoc network devoted to studying the application of machine learning techniques to grammars suitable for computational use . we were interested in a more systematic survey to understand the relevance of many factors to the success of learning , esp . the availability of annotated data , the kind of dependencies in the data , and the availability of knowledge bases ( grammars ). we focused on syntax , es ←
→ fots : fast oriented text spotting with a unified network ; incidental scene text spotting is considered one of the most difficult and valuable challenges in the document analysis community . most existing methods treat text detection and recognition as separate tasks . in this work , we propose a unified end - to - end trainable fast oriented text spotting ( fots ) network for simultaneous detection and recognition , sharing computation and visual information among the two complementary tasks . specially , roirotate is ←
→ deep private - feature extraction ; we present and evaluate deep private - feature extractor ( dpfe ), a deep model which is trained and evaluated based on information theoretic constraints . using the selective exchange of information between a user ' s device and a service provider , dpfe enables the user to prevent certain sensitive information from being shared with a service provider , while allowing them to extract approved information using their model . we introduce and utilize the log - rank privacy , a novel mea ←
→ adabatch : adaptive batch sizes for training deep neural networks ; training deep neural networks with stochastic gradient descent , or its variants , requires careful choice of both learning rate and batch size . while smaller batch sizes generally converge in fewer training epochs , larger batch sizes offer more parallelism and hence better computational efficiency . we have developed a new training approach that , rather than statically choosing a single batch size for all epochs , adaptively increases the batch ←
→ fighting bandits with a new kind of smoothness ; we define a novel family of algorithms for the adversarial multi - armed bandit problem , and provide a simple analysis technique based on convex smoothing . we prove two main results . first , we show that regularization via the \ emph { tsallis entropy }, which includes exp3 as a special case , achieves the $\ theta (\ sqrt { tn })$ minimax regret . second , we show that a wide class of perturbation methods achieve a near - optimal regret as low as $ o (\ sqrt { tn \ log n })$ if the ←
→ adaptive strategy for superpixel - based region - growing image segmentation ; this work presents a region - growing image segmentation approach based on superpixel decomposition . from an initial contour - constrained over - segmentation of the input image , the image segmentation is achieved by iteratively merging similar superpixels into regions . this approach raises two key issues : ( 1 ) how to compute the similarity between superpixels in order to perform accurate merging and ( 2 ) in which order those superpixels mus ←
→" zero - shot " super - resolution using deep internal learning ; deep learning has led to a dramatic leap in super - resolution ( sr ) performance in the past few years . however , being supervised , these sr methods are restricted to specific training data , where the acquisition of the low - resolution ( lr ) images from their high - resolution ( hr ) counterparts is predetermined ( e . g ., bicubic downscaling ), without any distracting artifacts ( e . g ., sensor noise , image compression , non - ideal psf , etc ). real lr images , however ←
→ definition of visual speech element and research on a method of extracting feature vector for korean lip - reading ; in this paper , we defined the viseme ( visual speech element ) and described about the method of extracting visual feature vector . we defined the 10 visemes based on vowel by analyzing of korean utterance and proposed the method of extracting the 20 - dimensional visual feature vector , combination of static features and dynamic features . lastly , we took an experiment in recognizing words based on ←
→ analysis of a natural gradient algorithm on monotonic convex - quadratic - composite functions ; in this paper we investigate the convergence properties of a variant of the covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy ( cma - es ). our study is based on the recent theoretical foundation that the pure rank - mu update cma - es performs the natural gradient descent on the parameter space of gaussian distributions . we derive a novel variant of the natural gradient method where the parameters of the gaussian distribut ←
→ an architecture for probabilistic concept - based information retrieval ; while concept - based methods for information retrieval can provide improved performance over more conventional techniques , they require large amounts of effort to acquire the concepts and their qualitative and quantitative relationships . this paper discusses an architecture for probabilistic concept - based information retrieval which addresses the knowledge acquisition problem . the architecture makes use of the probabilistic networks tech ←
→ synthesizing the preferred inputs for neurons in neural networks via deep generator networks ; deep neural networks ( dnns ) have demonstrated state - of - the - art results on many pattern recognition tasks , especially vision classification problems . understanding the inner workings of such computational brains is both fascinating basic science that is interesting in its own right - similar to why we study the human brain - and will enable researchers to further improve dnns . one path to understanding how a neur ←
→ a novel stochastic stratified average gradient method : convergence rate and its complexity ; sgd ( stochastic gradient descent ) is a popular algorithm for large scale optimization problems due to its low iterative cost . however , sgd can not achieve linear convergence rate as fgd ( full gradient descent ) because of the inherent gradient variance . to attack the problem , mini - batch sgd was proposed to get a trade - off in terms of convergence rate and iteration cost . in this paper , a general cvi ( convergence - var ←
→ the state of the art : ontology web - based languages : xml based ; many formal languages have been proposed to express or represent ontologies , including rdf , rdfs , daml + oil and owl . most of these languages are based on xml syntax , but with various terminologies and expressiveness . therefore , choosing a language for building an ontology is the main step . the main point of choosing language to represent ontology is based mainly on what the ontology will represent or be used for . that language should have a rang ←
→ a bayesian method for causal modeling and discovery under selection ; this paper describes a bayesian method for learning causal networks using samples that were selected in a non - random manner from a population of interest . examples of data obtained by non - random sampling include convenience samples and case - control data in which a fixed number of samples with and without some condition is collected ; such data are not uncommon . the paper describes a method for combining data under selection with prior beli ←
→ robust large - scale localization in 3d point clouds revisited ; we tackle the problem of getting a full 6 - dof pose estimation of a query image inside a given point cloud . this technical report re - evaluates the algorithms proposed by y . li et al . " worldwide pose estimation using 3d point cloud ". our code computes poses from 3 or 4 points , with both known and unknown focal length . the results can easily be displayed and analyzed with meshlab . we found both advantages and shortcomings of the methods proposed . f ←
→ a hybrid deep learning approach for texture analysis ; texture classification is a problem that has various applications such as remote sensing and forest species recognition . solutions tend to be custom fit to the dataset used but fails to generalize . the convolutional neural network ( cnn ) in combination with support vector machine ( svm ) form a robust selection between powerful invariant feature extractor and accurate classifier . the fusion of experts provides stability in classification rates among differ ←
→ adagan : boosting generative models ; generative adversarial networks ( gan ) ( goodfellow et al ., 2014 ) are an effective method for training generative models of complex data such as natural images . however , they are notoriously hard to train and can suffer from the problem of missing modes where the model is not able to produce examples in certain regions of the space . we propose an iterative procedure , called adagan , where at every step we add a new component into a mixture model by running a gan algorithm o ←
→ slanted stixels : representing san francisco ' s steepest streets ; in this work we present a novel compact scene representation based on stixels that infers geometric and semantic information . our approach overcomes the previous rather restrictive geometric assumptions for stixels by introducing a novel depth model to account for non - flat roads and slanted objects . both semantic and depth cues are used jointly to infer the scene representation in a sound global energy minimization formulation . furthermore , a ←
→ local markov property for models satisfying composition axiom ; the local markov condition for a dag to be an independence map of a probability distribution is well known . for dags with latent variables , represented as bi - directed edges in the graph , the local markov property may invoke exponential number of conditional independencies . this paper shows that the number of conditional independence relations required may be reduced if the probability distributions satisfy the composition axiom . in certain type ←
→ learning interpretable spatial operations in a rich 3d blocks world ; in this paper , we study the problem of mapping natural language instructions to complex spatial actions in a 3d blocks world . we first introduce a new dataset that pairs complex 3d spatial operations to rich natural language descriptions that require complex spatial and pragmatic interpretations such as " mirroring ", " twisting ", and " balancing ". this dataset , built on the simulation environment of bisk , yuret , and marcu ( 2016 ), attains lan ←
→ a random algorithm for low - rank decomposition of large - scale matrices with missing entries ; a random submatrix method ( rsm ) is proposed to calculate the low - rank decomposition of large - scale matrices with known entry percentage \ rho . rsm is very fast as the floating - point operations ( flops ) required are compared favorably with the state - of - the - art algorithms . meanwhile rsm is very memory - saving . with known entries homogeneously distributed in the given matrix , sub - matrices formed by known entries are ran ←
→ parallel graph partitioning for complex networks ; processing large complex networks like social networks or web graphs has recently attracted considerable interest . in order to do this in parallel , we need to partition them into pieces of about equal size . unfortunately , previous parallel graph partitioners originally developed for more regular mesh - like networks do not work well for these networks . this paper addresses this problem by parallelizing and adapting the label propagation technique originally d ←
→ domain generalization via invariant feature representation ; this paper investigates domain generalization : how to take knowledge acquired from an arbitrary number of related domains and apply it to previously unseen domains ? we propose domain - invariant component analysis ( dica ), a kernel - based optimization algorithm that learns an invariant transformation by minimizing the dissimilarity across domains , whilst preserving the functional relationship between input and output variables . a learning - theoretic an ←
→ a bayesian approach to learning bayesian networks with local structure ; recently several researchers have investigated techniques for using data to learn bayesian networks containing compact representations for the conditional probability distributions ( cpds ) stored at each node . the majority of this work has concentrated on using decision - tree representations for the cpds . in addition , researchers typically apply non - bayesian ( or asymptotically bayesian ) scoring functions such as mdl to evaluate the goodn ←
→ learning - based procedural content generation ; procedural content generation ( pcg ) has recently become one of the hottest topics in computational intelligence and ai game researches . among a variety of pcg techniques , search - based approaches overwhelmingly dominate pcg development at present . while sbpcg leads to promising results and successful applications , it poses a number of challenges ranging from representation to evaluation of the content being generated . in this paper , we present an alternative yet ←
→ the expressive power of word embeddings ; we seek to better understand the difference in quality of the several publicly released embeddings . we propose several tasks that help to distinguish the characteristics of different embeddings . our evaluation of sentiment polarity and synonym / antonym relations shows that embeddings are able to capture surprisingly nuanced semantics even in the absence of sentence structure . moreover , benchmarking the embeddings shows great variance in quality and characteristics of ←
→ authorship clustering using multi - headed recurrent neural networks ; a recurrent neural network that has been trained to separately model the language of several documents by unknown authors is used to measure similarity between the documents . it is able to find clues of common authorship even when the documents are very short and about disparate topics . while it is easy to make statistically significant predictions regarding authorship , it is difficult to group documents into definite clusters with high ac ←
→ a unifying view for performance measures in multi - class prediction ; in the last few years , many different performance measures have been introduced to overcome the weakness of the most natural metric , the accuracy . among them , matthews correlation coefficient has recently gained popularity among researchers not only in machine learning but also in several application fields such as bioinformatics . nonetheless , further novel functions are being proposed in literature . we show that confusion entropy , a recen ←
→ towards an ontology - driven blockchain design for supply chain provenance ; an interesting research problem in our age of big data is that of determining provenance . granular evaluation of provenance of physical goods -- e . g . tracking ingredients of a pharmaceutical or demonstrating authenticity of luxury goods -- has often not been possible with today ' s items that are produced and transported in complex , inter - organizational , often internationally - spanning supply chains . recent adoption of internet of things an ←
→ comparison of modified kneser - ney and witten - bell smoothing techniques in statistical language model of bahasa indonesia ; smoothing is one technique to overcome data sparsity in statistical language model . although in its mathematical definition there is no explicit dependency upon specific natural language , different natures of natural languages result in different effects of smoothing techniques . this is true for russian language as shown by whittaker ( 1998 ). in this paper , we compared modified kneser -←
→ convex formulation for kernel pca and its use in semi - supervised learning ; in this paper , kernel pca is reinterpreted as the solution to a convex optimization problem . actually , there is a constrained convex problem for each principal component , so that the constraints guarantee that the principal component is indeed a solution , and not a mere saddle point . although these insights do not imply any algorithmic improvement , they can be used to further understand the method , formulate possible extensions an ←
→ a review of nonnegative matrix factorization methods for clustering ; nonnegative matrix factorization ( nmf ) was first introduced as a low - rank matrix approximation technique , and has enjoyed a wide area of applications . although nmf does not seem related to the clustering problem at first , it was shown that they are closely linked . in this report , we provide a gentle introduction to clustering and nmf before reviewing the theoretical relationship between them . we then explore several nmf variants , namely s ←
→ the twitter of babel : mapping world languages through microblogging platforms ; large scale analysis and statistics of socio - technical systems that just a few short years ago would have required the use of consistent economic and human resources can nowadays be conveniently performed by mining the enormous amount of digital data produced by human activities . although a characterization of several aspects of our societies is emerging from the data revolution , a number of questions concerning the reliabilit ←
→ locally imposing function for generalized constraint neural networks - a study on equality constraints ; this work is a further study on the generalized constraint neural network ( gcnn ) model [ 1 ], [ 2 ]. two challenges are encountered in the study , that is , to embed any type of prior information and to select its imposing schemes . the work focuses on the second challenge and studies a new constraint imposing scheme for equality constraints . a new method called locally imposing function ( lif ) is proposed to ←
→ semantic spaces ; any natural language can be considered as a tool for producing large databases ( consisting of texts , written , or discursive ). this tool for its description in turn requires other large databases ( dictionaries , grammars etc .). nowadays , the notion of database is associated with computer processing and computer memory . however , a natural language resides also in human brains and functions in human communication , from interpersonal to intergenerational one . we discuss in this survey / research ←